
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO MONDAY, MAY 22, 1989 

80Marchin 
Support of 
Chinese 
Protesters 

By RANDY DOTINGA 
Staff Writer 

Over 80 Chine e students 
marched across campus on Fri-
day in support of recent pro-
democracy tudent protests and 
hunger strikes in China. 

On Friday, the Chinese govern-
ment declared martial law and 
ent army troops into Beijing to 
break up masses of protester , but 
C hinese students and citi zens 
continued to demon trate . 

The Chinese Student Scholar 
Association, an organization of 
mainland Chinese graduate stu-
dents and visiting scholars, spon-
ored the march at UCSD on 

Friday. 
Students marched from the 

Price Center to Revelle Plaza a nd 
back to the Price Center, carrying 
banners which read " Hu nger 
strikers are dying" and "Fully 
support Chinese students in 
Beijing." 

The prote ters al 0 chanted 
"Long live freedom, long live 
democra cy, long live human 
right ," and "Down with mart ial 
law, down with dictatorship." 

Wyatt Rosenl.l/ Guardian 

A Show of Support - Over 80 UCSD Chinese students held a 
protest on campus Friday in support of recent student protests in China. 

jing .. . So we are angry and we are 
protesting for democracy and 
freedom in C hina." 

said, " We have been ilent for a 
long ti m e, a nd th i t in,~ ,,, an 
oppo rtun ity for us t o speak 
out. .. We really wi h for demo-
cracy and freedom in China." 

Wa rren fre hper on Elisa Yu 
added that "a a Chinese I have a 
d uty to [protest]." 

VOLUME 67, #15 ® 
Engineering Department 
Accused of Violations 
A.S. To Consider Funding 
Proposal to Hire Lawyer 

By REBEKA H DENN 
Staff Writer 

A .S. Student Advocate Bard-
Alan Finlan has asked the A.S. 
Council to consider legal action 
against the University of Califor-
nia. 

Finlan believes the engineeri ng 
department is deli bera tely violat-
ing Univer ity policy in it proce-
dure for considering tudents for 
adm issi on to t he engineeri ng 
major. 

A bill he has introd uced, which 
requests $360 to hire a lawyer for 
preliminary action aga inst the 
University, is being reviewed by 
the finance and rule committees. 

The lawyer would inform the 
engineering de partment of their 
possible violations of University 
policy and ad vise them to cease 
such practices. If the department 
did not foHow the lawyer's advice, 
Finlan said, he would ask the 
A.S. to file a civil suit against the 
University on behalf of students 
affected by the policy. 

Under the current engineering 
depa rtment po licy, students who 
receive a " 0 " or "F" in a lower-
d ivi ion major course and later 
repeat the class will have both 
grade averaged in the grade point 
average con idered for admitting 
them to the major. 

This may violate UC regula-
tions which state that in the first 
16 units of repeated classes, only 
the most recent grade may be 
used to calculate a grade point 
average. 

The Academic Senate has sub-
mitted a bill to the UC system-
wide Academ ic Senate to amend 
that regulat ion. The proposed 
amendment states that the " 0 ," 
" F," " NP," and " U" grades a re 
only to be ignored when calculat-
ing the grade point a verage on a 
student 's transcript. For all other 
purpo es, departments could aver-
age all grade in repeated courses. 

The sy temwide Academic Sen-
ate is not expected to rule on that 
amendment until the fall of this 
year, at the earliest. 

Finlan's bill will be discussed 
by the A .S . finance and rules 
committees, and is on the agenda 
for Wednesday night's A .S. Coun-
cil meeting. However, the A.S. 
budget will also be reviewed at 
t hat meeting, and discussion of 
his bill may be postponed . 

"[Finlan 's bill] isn't j ust a 30-
econd vote, " said vice president 

administrative Alex Wong. " .. . It 's 
not as si mple as sayi ng we want to 
send a letter off." The real ques-
tion, Wong aid, is "whether the 
A . . has enough money to hire a 
competent attorney in an exten-

ee G RADE ,page 3 

According to Jianbo Zhou, a 
graduate student and president of 
the hinese Student cholar 
Association, the pur po e of the 
march was "to support our stu-
dents in China for the future of 
our country." 

G raduate tudent Xiao Qu in 
explained that she took part in 
the marc h because ''I'm deeply 
moved by the hu nger striker at 
Beijing, and I think t hey've ri ked 
their lives for the ake of demo-
cracy for the future of China ... 0 
I came here to support them." 

Election Controversy Continues 
U SO graduate student 

Dengfeng Wang aid, "We are 
angry wit h [the C hinese] govern-
ment. We think they are almost a 
dictator hip. We ca nnot believe 
they ca n move the arm to Bei-

Quin added that she d id not 
think the marchers' me age 
would be hea rd in Chi na, but 
aid, "we just want to show that 

we upport them:" 

Board Declares Migacz V.P. External 
G raduate student Zheng-xu He 

By RA DY DOTINGA 
taff Writer 

Ethnic Studies Program 
May Not Be Established 

De pite declaring that Mishka 
Migacz wa guilty of one election 
violation, the A. , Judicial Board 
decided last Friday that M igacz 
wi ll be t he new ice pre ident 
external. 

By SUSIE LEIPER 
Contributing Writer 

D ue to a recent hiring cont ro-
ver y, Sa n Diego may continue to 
be the only UC campus without a 
program in A ia n-American stu-
die next year. 

Last November, an interdisci-
pli nary adviso r y co m mittee, 
headed by J a mes Lin of the ma th 
depa rtment , com pleted a earch 
for uita ble fac ulty to teach a 
proposed m inor progra m in 
Asian-American studies which 
would include cia e fro m va r-
ious exi ting department . 

At that time, the committee 
named three final ca ndidate to 
staff the program . One of the 

• OPINION ... 4 
• FEATURES .... 10 

• SPORTS .... . ..... 20 
• CLASSIFIEOS ......... 19 
• BLOOM COUNTY .. . . .. ..• 2 

candidates would be employed by 
the literature department a nd two 
by the sociology depart ment. 

Elaine Kim, a enior professor 
a t UC Berkeley who pecializes in 
Asian-America n wom en's litera-
tu re, was na med as o ne of tho e 
ca nd idate. 

Her file was well received by 
both the literature department 
a nd admini trative. officials, who 
recommended Kim to the Com-
mittee on Academic Per onnel 
(CAP). 

The CA P recentl acted o n the 
recommendation a nd last Friday 
made Kim an a ppointment offe r. 

Evelyn Nakano Glenn, who 
teaches ociology a t the ta te 

niversi t of New York Bing-
See ETH NIC, page 3 

FEATURES 

Migacz' hold on t he position, 
however, i tenuou ,a her oppo-
nent Craig Peter i appealing the 
Board ' decision ba ed on new 
evidence. 

The Board' ruling was the latest 
chapter in a serie of ruli ngs on 
the case of Craig Peter v . M i hka 
Migacz. 

The Board declared by a unani-
mou vote that M iga z is no t 
guilty of vio lati ng electi on bylaw 
in regard to Peters' charges that 
she d id no t report campa ign fl y-
ers a nd that he a ppea red at a 
Women's Resource enter ra lly 
on a n e lect ion day in viola tion of 
election rules. 

The Boa rd d id , howe er, de-
cla re by a 3-2 vote tha t M igacz i 

University of Sussex Professors 
Speak on Modern Issues 10 

guilty of violating election bylaw 
by soliciting door-to-door at the 
Muir Apartments. The Board held 
that this violation did not" ub-
stantially" affect the outcome of 
the race and, as a result, the 
Board allowed the election re ult 
to tand . 

Migacz had won the race over 
Peters by 09 to 804 otes. 

Peters crit icized the Board' 
ruling, aying that it deci ion 
ent a me age that "you can vio-

late the rules and not get puni hed 
for it." 

He has filed an appeal with the 
Board bA ed on new evidence and 
ha requested a temporary re-
straining order on the office of vice 
pre ident external, which would 
allow him to re ume the po ition, 
pending a fu t ure hearing. 

Regarding Peter' a p peal , Judi-
cial Board hairperson J on Berke 
aid t hat "a rehearing can only be 

ba ed on new evidence." 
T he Board, according to Peter, 

"said I d idn 't show tha t [ M igacz] 
ubsta nt ia lly affected the out-

come. So I'm goi ng to ubmit new 

SPORTS 

evidence that he did ... I'm trying 
to have faith 10 the Judicial Board. 
and I want to go through the pro-
ce the way that it hould be 
done." 

Peter!, would not reveal the 
nature of hi new evidence. 

. . Advl or Randy Woodard 
said that Peter could al 0 appeal 
to the admini tration, but added 
that "unles there are orne pro-
cedural problem [with the Judi-
cial Board proceedings], we hold 
a lot of weight on tudent judicial 
procedure ... 

Peter said he doe not plan to 
go to the ad mini tration, because 

. he would "rather have the ,tu-
dent decide this thing ... " 

Migacz feel that the Board 
"made a fair, unbiased and equit-
able deci ion ." 

he added that he hoped tu-
dent would view her in her new 
po it ion "a omeone wh is very 
progre ive, omeone who enjoy 
getting the job done ... " 

Migacz would not comment on 
Peter ' a ppeal to the Board . 

Women's Water Polo Goes 
Under in Title Game 20 



I~ UC NEWS 
UCLA Begins 'Food Choices'Program 

LOS ANGELE - ASUCLA food ervice staned 
the "FoodChoices" program in April and became the 
onl colJel!e food service in the nation to make 
detailed nutritional analysis of it food availa ble to 
consumers. 

In each of il facilittes, bro hures detail calorie, 
cholesterol, odium, protein, carbohydrates, and fat 
contained in most of the 750 menu items offered . 

'ext to some menu itesm is the FoodChoices ymbol 
an apple with a hean inside - to make it easier to 

determine which item are ranked a healthy. 
ASUCLA sent copies of the recipes prepared in the 

food ervices to the American Heart Association to 
determi ne which recipes were considered healthy 
under the Heart Association' "Done to Your Heart' 
Content" program specificat ions. 

When the evaluations were returned to ASUCLA 
several months later, many of its existing menu items 
were already considered afe, and several could be 
made safe by making minor recipe changes. 

Matthew Fordahl. Dail)' Bruin 

I UCSDINFO 
Scientists and Humanists Discuss 
'Cold Fusion' at UCSD Seminar 

The scientific Impltcatton, of the reponed discovery 
of "cold fUSIon" Will be the subject of a seminar Ma) 
22 at C D. featunng ~cientlst , humanists, social 

sClenllst~ and phIlosophers of cience. 
The seminar, "Cold FUSion: Hot cience III the 

Making?" sponsored b) the UC D cience Studies 
Program. will begin at 4 p.m. tn Conference Room 
til A in the Cha ncellor's complex. 

The program WIll be moderated b) Martin Rud-
\lIC\... . a UCSD hl,tonan of cience who i~ al 0 on the 
SCience tudle faculty. 

One purpoe ot the meeting I~ to dISCUS, "how the 
game of ,clen":t pla~ed," said Rohert Wes tman. a 
noted hl,tona'l ot ,>clenct' and fa(:u\t\ member of the 
S':lence Studies Program. \I ho hc.pc·d organi/e the 
c\ent. 

BLOOM COU 

SHORTS===-==-~ 
Student Health Center Promotes 
Skin Cancer Prevention Day 

Today tudent Hea lth ervice will provide free 
un creen and skin cancer prevent ion informatto n a t 

10 di play sites on campus. S tudents can pick up bro-
chures and sa mples of Bullfrog Sunscreen a t different 
locations throughout a ll fi ve campuse . 

kin cancer is the most comm on fo rm of ca ncer 
and the n umbers are increasing every year. Of the 
500,000 cases seen per year, the mo t d ra matic ri e 
has been in malignant mela noma which killed 5,000 
Americans in 1988. It used to be a di ease of the 
elderly. ow, more than ha lf of those who develop 
melanoma are between the ags of 15 a nd 50. Also, a 
recent su rvey of the American Academy of Derma-
tology showed that 78 percent of teens still think tans 
look healthy. 

Skin da mage and the risk of skin cancer are related 
to the extent and seve rit y of sun exposure. 

Alliance for Survival to 
Show Film on Shoshone Nation 

The Allia nce for Surviva l will show the fil m Broken 
Treat)' at & Ille Mountain a t the C he Cafe Monday 
at 7 p.m. 

The film will be preceded by an "a lJ -you-can-eat" 
dinner. The dinner a nd the fil m will co t $5. 

Broken Trealyat Bailie Mountain, narrated by 
Robert Redford. depicts the truggle of the Western 
Shoshone ation to claim and protect 30 million 
ac res of land which the U.S. government confiscated 
10 1953 for the purpose of above-ground nuclcar 
te ting. 

Toda). 24 million of these acre are being used as 
the nited States' underground nuclear test site. In 
additlon, Congress has designated these Shoshone 
lands a, the nC\I home for America's first and only 
permanent. high-level nuclear waste dump. Congress 
I, propo ing to spend $20-30 billion tax dollars to 
10 tall the dump Ite. 

In 1863, the U.S. governme nt and the Western 
hoshone ~ation Signed the Treaty of Ruby Valley, 

giving the .S. right to cross, mine, and agricultu-
rail} de\elop hoshone land . No land changed hand s 
as a result of thi trea ty. However, the U.S. govern-
ment claims that the Shos hone lost their land due to 
the gradual encroachment of white ettler, none of 
\\ hom occup)- the 24 million acres of the nuclear test 
site 

In 19"'9. IOliI.n attempt to solve the dIspute. the L .S. 
offcred the Sho,honc approxlmatel) one dollar per 
al:re for the 24 million acre~ it had taken. 

rhe Sho,hone have ret used to a(:(:cpt payment for 

by Berke Breathed 
~----------~~~ 

the land a nd are currently pursuing a legal battle to 
regain a nd protect their land from further des truction. 

Revelle College Holds Third 
Annual Humanities Reception 

All of UCSD is invited to join the Reve lle College 
ophomores as they ce lebrate the completio n of their 

academic requirement for the college 's rigorous fi ve-
qua rter huma nities se4uence. 

The Third Annual Huma nities Rece ption will be 
held at 3:30 p.m., May 23, on the outh lawn of the 
Humanities Library (Sto nehenge). F ree cake and 
drinks will be provided fo r a ll. 

The reception is being held to celebrate the current 
extended curriculum, which first became applica ble 10 
1985 freshpersons. The five-course interdisciplinary 
program includes two writing-intensive six-unit 
courses. According to Revelle Provo t F . Thomas 
Bond , UCSD is one of only a handful of universities 
across the country to continue to offer an 
interdisciplinary couse of this rrength . 

Guest speakers at the reception wil include Roger 
Revelle, professor of science and public policy and 
founder of the college; Stanley A. Chodorow, dean of 
arts and humanities; and Roben Pippin , professor of 
philosophy. 

UCSD Graduate Scott Barry 
Dies of AIDS 

Scott R. Barry, a UCSD grad uate. died May II of 
complica tions of AID at the age of 32. Barry suffered 
from the disea e for even year . 

After grad uating from UCSD, Barry attended med-
ical school at the niversit y of Dus eldorf in West 
Germany. He was honored by the West German 
government with the Medal of Honor in December of 
1986. He co-founded the Dusseldorf AIDS project 
and was a former member of the Board of Directors of 
AIDS Project-Lo Angeles. 

Faculty, staff and students who knew Barry and 
would like to remember him may donate in his 
memory to Being Alive, 4222 Santa M onica Blvd ., 
Los Angeles. CA 90029. 

Free Speech Legal Defense Committee 
Plans Thursday Rally at the Hump 

The UCSD Free Speech Legal Defense Committee 
(F I DC), a group formed in mid-April to promote 
more free speech area~ on campus, will be holding a 
rail) at the Hump across from the Main Gym Thurs-
da\ at noon . 

According to FSLDC member Arnie Schoenberg, 
one of the student> \lho participated in the April 21 
anll-Prlce Center demonstration. the rally has two 
maIO purpo,e,. 

rh, lirst IS 10 update tnterested It,teners on what 
the C ommittee co",ider~ 10 be a free ~peech issue 
10\ olnng thl Pne\: Center The second lS to encour-
age "an) one \\ hll .... as then~ dunng an) pan of the 
protest" to .oluntcer as witne"e, at ' r hursda) \, 7 P m 
Judicial Board hearing for onc of the protesters 
arrestcd dunng last month's Price Center 
demonstration . 

rurther intllrmation is a\ ailable h~ calhng the 
I-SI DC at 55K-M7b. 

-Compilrd b) Leesa K. Light 

Ligh:ts & Sirens 
Sclected elllrie.\ from 'he {lolice u( 1/\'111' IIJI? />0<1" 

for '"l' 11L"'~ \lu\' 14 ((J ~fal If) 
Sunday, May ]4 
• /) p.m.. femak student with alcohol poi on-
tn!! was a"lsted by tht· San Dlcg" l'irc Department 
and paramedics aiter ,he \las dropped off at the 
I ·jr ~ College dorm, foil 0\1 109 a party. 
Thur,da), Mil) 18 
. 5 OJ pm. ~4 ye.lI-old !Ion-student \\ 3 

arr , ted tordrunkdmmgand hlt.ind run dm In!! 
III Ihe Inter cctlllll oj (iilman and Old \1Irama[ 
Road lhl u peet" car reportcdl\ hllt\lo othel 

~iJl 

l riday, Ma, 19 
• 2.2() a m I wo non-\ludellts were arrc~ted for 

unlawful p(",~e'~!o1l of a firearm and .... crc trans-
pOlted to (ount~ Jail rhe ~u~pech' 19~5 Honda 

R \la, to\led to I ake~ rowing. 
. 5.07 p.m E [) Arecclvedabo mhthreatfrom 

an unk nown male ,u'pect. lhe caller ,aid that a 
bomb would explode at 6 p.m. that da~ to protest 
the o n-campu ChlOe,e student demonstralton 
Poltce re ponded to [)I'..:A' call a nd determined 
that the threat was a crank call 

-Compiled b) Scott Lan terman 

The UCSD Guardian 

GRADES 
Continued from page] 
sive court battle ... I don't think 
we are able, atthis t ime, to hire an 
attorney. " 

"The money is there," Finlan 
commented . "It's a matter of how 
we want to use ~ . 

"Most of the people on this 
Council ran on the issue of stu-
dent rights .. . I see t his as an 
opportunity for them to turn that 
rhetoric into real action ," he 
continued . 

There is a possibility that the 
bill, if passed by the A.S., could 
be blocked by the administration 
because the A.S . is not an inde-
pendent organization from the 
University of California, accord-
ing to Finlan. 

"The University has the ulti-
mate say on how any money on 
campus is spent," said Monty 
Kroopkin, a UCSD alumnus and 
paralegal with the Student Rights 
Committee of the National law-
yers' Guild . 

According to him, the Chancel-
lor is responsible for ensuring the 
fiscal soundness of the student 
government. 

While "(t is not necessarily 
unsound for the A.S . to hire legal 
counsel," Kroopkin said, "when 
push comes to shove, whose 
money is it? The A.S . could be in 
for a rude shock." 

l!CSD professor Steven Cox, 
chaIrperson of the Committee on 
Educational Policy (CEP), which 
drafted the proposed Academic 
Senate code amendment, said ") 
can't tell the A. S. to hire or not 
hire a lawyer . . . [but) ) wish stu-
dents got involved in giving advice 
on the big things . .. If students 
want to protest something, there's 
plenty of other things to protest. " 

The real question, Cox said, is 
"under what conditions should a 
department be allowed to limit 
enrollment in the majors." 

He feel s the Senate regulation 
in question affects very few stu-
dents . 

However, Finlan said, "I have 
students right now who are affect-
ed by this ... the real question is 
actually whether the University 
should be required to follow its 
own re~ulations . [The Senate 
regulation) has come up often 
enough to justify taking this step 
.. . we've gone through the whole 
process, we've been very patient 
with this thing for about a year 

NEWS 
and the legal system is the next the policy itself. Finlan regards 
logical step." this as an attempt to evade and 

Whether or not the departmen- cloud the issue. 
tal policy violates the systemwide CEP then asked the UCSD 
policy has been a topic of heated Committee on Rules and Juris-
debate since 1988 when the CEP diction (CRJ) to rule on the CEP's 
decided to advise the engineering decision that only the language of 
department that they could con- the engineering department's pol-
sider the original "D" or " F" icy was in violation of the Senate 
grades, but could not use the term regulation. CRJ ruled that CEP 
"grade-point average" when doing was in error. 
so. They felt only if the term Professor Alden Mosshammer, 
"grade-point average" was used chairperson of the CRJ, respond-
would it violate the Senate regu- ed in a letter to Cox that, ")n my 
lation. view, it is contrary to the intent 

Cox informed the systemwide [of the Senate regulation) for any 
CEP commillee, in an October, but the better grade in a repeated 
1988 letter, that the departments course to be used in determining 
had been told to comply with the any kind of eligibility orcomput-
Senate regulation. ing any kind of average , by what-

However, he did not explicitly ever name ... Any department or 
specify that the departments were other unit within the university 
only tol~ to alter the language of that is presently using grades in 
theIr pohcy, not to actually change See GRADES, pale 13 

ETHNIC: Two Candidates 
Rejected!or ProgramStaf! 

Continued from pale] recommendation is a function of 
hamton, was another of the com- the basic difference between a 
millee's final candidates. rn her 17 theoretical and an objective 
years of teaching sociology, she approach to a discipline." 
has ~o~used on issues of race and The interdisciplinary advisory 
ethmctty, gender, and family. committee protested the rejec-

The third candidate was tions. 
Michael Omi, . wh~ current~y "We felt strongly enough com-
teac~es race relations 10 the ethmc mitted to the candidates to try 
studIes department at UC Berke- and revive the appointments,"said 
ley. . Lin, who threatened to resign 

However, the SOCIOlogy depart- from the advisory committee if 
!llent per~on.nel com~ittee . re- Omi and Nakano Glenn were not 
Jected Oml Without an mtervlew, reconsidered. 
according to sociology department 
Chairperson Andrew Scull. 

Nakano Glenn was interviewed 
by the committee and presented a 
job talk and sample lecture. In 
late March, the sociology depart-
ment recommended against her 
appointment. 

Kim has said that she would 
decline her offer, if she would be 
the only faculty member teaching 
issues related to Asian-Americans, 
but because the offer was made 
only last Friday, has not yet made 
a formal statement of her intent. 

"We were really shocked," said 
advisory committee member and 
linguistics professor Matthew 
Chen of the sociology ' personnel 
decisions . 

"We wondered for a moment if 
we were looking at different can-
didates. Perhaps the sociology 
department flatters itself that their 
standards are higher than those of 
UC Berkeley and Harvard but, 
then again, perhaps the negative 

. "lAi~ 
Gr\A?FliCS 

"However, ) never expected so 
much faculty support for our 
decision , " he said . 

A petition was signed by more 
than two dozen faculty from seven 
departments, urging the esta-
blishment of an interdisciplinary 
department of ethnic studies to 
which Omi and Glenn might be 
appointed. The petition was pre-
sented to Chancellor Atkinson on 
April 7. 

In light of the faculty response, 
CAP agreed to review the files , 
but has not yet reached a decision. 

Nakano Glenn recently with-
drew her candidacy . When asked 
about the withdrawal, she ex-
pressed disappointment that her 
work in many areas of sociology 
outside the area of ethnic studies 
was overlooked by the sociology 
personnel committee. 

"It isn't that I dOh't want to 
work in an ethnic studies depart-

See ETHNIC, pale 7 

~et~at Q/~~wouId Jjwndp 
(Ub~ ~cd. <ff~~ 
I~~atr&~~. 

Men's Cuts .......... $4 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $19.00 

Women's Cuts ... . $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $24.00 
With : Marlo. Jillou. or Deb! 

'PRICES INCLUDE: 
graphic cut, shampoo. 
conditioning and 
professional styling 

Monday, May 22. 1989 3 

• Self service copiers 
• Volume discounts 
• Professors notes 
• Free Parking 

• Book Binding • Copies while you wait 
HOURS: 
M-TH 8:30-6:30, Fri. 8:30-6, Sat. 12-4 

3211 Holiday Court, La Jolla 
Next to St. Germain 's 

451·9949 

Choose for Yourse{f 
- Free Pregnancy Testing 
• Pregnancy Termination 

. - Birth Control 
- Gynecological Exams 
- Student Discount 

Family Planning 
Associates 

Medical Group 
Call the College Line 

619-535-1379 
for Student Discount 



4 Monday. May 11. /989 

_______ O __ P!~~~O--N ______ _ 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board I Letten 

JOHN HAW, Editor in Chief 
LARA MIHATA, Managing Editor 

ETH SLATER, News Editor 
DAVID B RKHART, Opinion Editor 

The! Gllordum I .. rublll.ohc:d I\QCC ",cd.l~ allhe l nl\cn.lt~ 01 CahhJrl11.J. ~Jn Dle~o 
l"ontcnt~ IQJ.i9 \I~~" c\prC'~)l'd herem .Ire nOI necc,)anl\ thoo,c 01 thl.' l C Board 01 

Rc~cm\. the I\SllC~D nN the enlire GuaTtlJan 'tat I 

Price Center Protesters 
Henry Kissinger once aid that the rea on academic infighting 

was so fierce was precisely because the stakes were so small. 
Kissi nger was referring to the battles among professors, but the 
a rne sentiment applies to the current situation with the Price 

Center protesters. 
T he UCSD Police have decided to press charges against these 

students who, you11 recall , committed such heinous crimes as 
.popping a few balloons and stepping on ne.wly-planted gras~ . 
But with only one exception - quintes enttal protester Arme 
Schoenberg - the charges are being pressed through the UCSD 
colleges' Judicial Board systems. Schoenberg, who entertained 
onlookers the day of the protest by evading capture and making 
the police look silly in their Keystone Kop pursuit, will have his 
charges processed through the City Attorney's office. The rest ~f 
the students have the option of accepting punishment from theIr 
college deans rather than going through the Judicial Board 
system. 

It's a bit difficult to decipher exactly what the police - and 
members of the administration who were involved in the deci-
sion - are trying to accomplish. If the purpose is to make it clear 
to students that anyone who voices an opinion contrary to the 
administration's will be treated roughly by the police and then be 
forced to face the bureaucracy of the Judicial Board system, 
perhaps they11 succeed. But students are unlikely to sit still for 
such nonsense. Moreover, it's unlikely any real stringent pun-
ishment will be leveled against the students. 

However, one of the students plans to go to India on the 
Education Abroad Program next year. If he is found guilty of a 
Conduct Code violation, the punishment is really irrelevant; he 
is subject to removal from EAP. None of the Price Center 
protesters should face any charges, but this case is even more 
egregious than the rest . The administration of UCSD seems 
to have developed a propensity for overdoing things: a new 
student center turns into an expensive behometh of Jerusalem 
stone and mile-long wheelchair ramps, and a minor case of 
students expressing their opinions turns into a full-scale riot in 
the confused minds of some police and administrators. 

The police should relax and drop the charges. They have 
another incentive to do so besides the simple unfairness of the 
charges: the sooner the charges are dropped, the sooner students 
will begin to forget the shameful conduct of several police offic-
ers on the day of the protest. They should be ashamed to even 
think about the issue. UCSD Police Lieutenant J. Dyer blamed 
the "Price Center fiasco" on Schoenberg; he was right that it was 
a fiasco , but the blame is more than equally shared by the police. 
Attempting to punish the students serves no useful pUll>0se. 

The stakes are really very small, and the reaction of the 
administration and police to this situation would probably 
amuse Kissinger. But to the students facing these charges, and to 
all students who worry about their rights, this case isn't very 
funny. 

v .P. External Race 
The administration takes a lot of flack for the inefficiency of 

its bureaucracy. Virtually all of this is deserved, but, in fairness , 
the A.S . continues to demonstrate that student-run bureaucra-
cies aren't much better. 

The current V.P . external affairs case is an example of this . It's 
been nearly six weeks since the election, over a month since the 
run-off and the issue is still far from final resolution. The A.S . 
Judiciai Board made yet another ruling last Friday - this time 
giving the post to Mishka Migacz - but Craig Peters has 
appealed and requested a temporary restraining order. 

The excruciating slowness of this process is senseless. Even 
worse the Board 's decision was poor. They ruled, on a 3-2 vote, 
that Migacz was guilty of violating election bylaws by going 
door-to-door in the Muir apartments. Yet they said that this had 
not "substantially affected the outcome" of the election. 

Migacz won by five votes. It wouldn't have taken much 
persuasion on her part when she was at Muir to s~ay the 
election. All she would have had to do was convince the 
members of two apartments to vote for her. She claimed the 
Muir assistant resident dean gave her "a sort of 'yeah ' " when 
Migacz asked if she could go door-to-door. 

This just isn't convincing. The evidence is clear: Migacz vio-
lated the election bylaws, and Peters should be V.P . external 
affairs . 

Consider the Adoption Option future if he wants to. Most adopt ions in California 
a re now accomplished with some 
degree of openness; in virtually 
every case the birthmother has 
the opportunity at least to select 
the parents. Additionally, there 
are many community resource 
now available that can provide 
long-term counseling, help with 
housing, medical care, even job 
placement; and the adoptive fam-
ily is also allowed to help provide 
necessary upport. "Re ource" 
issues need not be the deciding 

Editur: 
In the mid t of the tension, 

uncertainty, and passions surround-
ing the Supreme Court's re-exami-
nation of Roe v. Wade. I feel that 
the "adoption option" ha been 
neglected. Let me admit up front 
that I am an adoptive father who 
has directly benefitted from a 
young woman's decision not to 
terminate a pregnancy. But my 
wife and I are not the only benefi -
ciaries; so is Brian, our son, and 
o are his birthparents. 

It may eem really naive or cal-
lous to think of adoption as a 
"good thing" for everyone in-
volved, especially when a recent 
survey showed that , if confronted 
with an unwanted pregnancy, a 
majority of women felt that adop-
tion would be the most difficult 
path to take. But the fact that 
placing a child up for adoption is 
truly difficult does not necessarily 
mean that it is to be avoided at all 
costs. 

There are many times in life 
when the hardest way may coin-
cide with the most loving way. In 
Brian's case, his birthmother de-
cided that adoption would be best 
for both herself and her unborn 
child. 

A big part of what allowed our 
situation to turn out as well as it 

-.. 

has despite the pain is that Brian' 
birthparents met with and chose 
us to raise him in their stead . He 
was not taken from her at birth 
and whisked away by a faceless 
agency and placed in the care of 
an anonymous couple never to be 
heard from again. 

We have all even committed 
ourselves to staying in touch over 
the year through an intermediary, 
and Brian will have the opportun-
ity to meet his birthmother in the See ADOPTION, pace 9 

Ralphs Assault Justified 
Editor: 

I believe the a sault you re-
ported on the front page of your 
May 18 issue was long overdue. I 
feel this form of vigi lante action is 
justified from the grocery em-
ployee's point of view. If he sold 
liquor to an intoxicated person he 
could lose his job. 

The subsequent action by Dave 
Maddow only solidifies the ster-
eotype of rich, egotistical, imma-
ture college students that most 
local merchants hold. There is no 
reason why any merchant in this 
area must put up with the irres-
ponsible behavior of drunken col-
lege students. 

What the students of UCSD 
should learn from this is to grow 
up and be responsible for your 
actions . Working class people are 
going to beat the shit out of you 
for insulting them, not call some 
pansy lawyer to mitigate the 
situation. . 

Obnox-ious behavior breeds 
violent reactions. I see both sides 
of this issue being both a full time 
student and a full time nightcrew 
employee at V ons La Jolla Col-
ony. 

I only hope that other people 
will handle their interactions with 
strangers with a little more respect. 

Robert Valerio 

:El)ITOH. Should the Guardian 
Be the Triton? 

By MICHAEL FOULKS 
Adverrising Manager 

I~ 
.. \.. 

Hox 

The Triton. hah! What a rag! (Number three 
from the top three remarks overheard around 
UCSD next year.) 

Your beloved on-<:ampus newspaper gets a 
face-lift next year. We move to a new building 
(the old Student Center, where the A.S. was), we 
"go Mac" (w hich means we modernize by 
switching to desktop publishing) and, don't for-
get, we all begin our last decade before the big 
2000. Exciting times . 

I started thinking about all the changes we 
could make around here without too many peo-
ple noticing. At first, conservative ideas played in 
my mind such as, "Gee, maybe the Guardian 
should actually think about changing the 
Guardian logo design." 

FEIFFER4P 

Then I heard the voice. "Go the distance." The 
meaning was clear; change the name ofthe paper! 
Come on, what does the Guardian mean anyway? 
Back in the '70s we might have been UCSD stu-
dents' Guardian against the evil administration. 
But hey, nowadays we're just spineless puppets of 
the administration, right? 

Or maybe our newspaper's name stood for 
Guardian of the First Amendment to the Con-
stitution . Hey, wait a second. Actually, now that 
I think about it, that's pretty cool! OK, forget I 
even mentioned the idea of changing the name of 
the Guardian. I haven't slept in eight or nine days. 
I don't know what I was thinking. Sorry. 

"Hey. you made the cover 0/ the Triton!" 
(Number two.) 

We should change the name of the UCSD 
newspaper to the Triton. (OK, now I'm being 
serious.) The Triton. Awesome. UCSD has the 
greatest nickname of all the UC schools! We are 
Tritons. Not Aggies, not Gauchos or Anteaters, 
hah! TRITONS. Sounds like a god of the sea. 

See TRITON, paCt 9 

The UCSD Guardian 

The Facts on Israel 
Editor: 

While reading Ilene Zarour's 
letter (Guardian, May 18) entitled 
"PLO Likea Virgin"(yeah right!), 
it is quite evident that she sub-
scribes to the view that if you 
don't like the facts, make up some 
of your own. 

there are these refugees is the 
direct consequence of the act of 
the Arab states in opposing parti-
tion and the Jewish state. " 

Also, Israel 's Proclamation of 
Independence called for "the Arab 
inhabitants to return to their peace-
ful ways and playa part in the 
development of the state as full 
and equal citizens .. . " The asser-
tion that the Israelis forcibly re-
moved the Arabs is ludicrous and 
reflects a shallow understanding 
of the Arab-Israeli conflict. 

OPINION 
also boast proud responsibility 
for their actions. The King David 
Hotel bombing wa a hit against a 
British military outpost situated 
in the lobby. Hours before the 
bombing the British were warned. 

Furthermore, to assert that 
Zionism is racism demonstrates a 
lack of understanding of Zionism. 
It is the national liberation move-
ment of the Jewish people. It ele-
vates the Jews from a position of 
a persecuted people to a position 
of equality among the other 
nations of the world. 

patrol the streets while pilots are 
on 24-hour alert . Your citation of 
the Liberty incident of 1967 as 
evidence that Israel could sta nd 
up to the Americans also misses 
the mark. 

How would you adequately 
explain why the Israelis would 
attack an American shi p to begin 
with , if not accidentally? Ennes' 
book which you cited claims that 
the Liberty was attempting to 
monitor an Israeli attack on Syria, 
but doesn 't explain why the ship 
was not situated in a more north-
ern location instead of being on 
the Egyptian-Israeli border. He 
also does not explain why the 

MondQY. May 11. 1989 5 

Israelis would want to hide an 
attack on Syria from the Ameri-
cans. 

The attack on the Liberty was 
an unfortunate accident in the 
heat of warfare and the families of 
the victims were compe nsated . 
Just once, I would like to see the 
thousands of families who have 
lost their fathers , mothers, and 
children to wanton PLO terror-
ism compensated . Ms. Zarour, 
next time you decide to attack 
Israel, please get your facts 
st raight. It is my hope that you 
will not write such baseless letters 
in the future. 

Jeffrey Hoffer 

Ms. Zarour stated that Euro-
pean Jews pushed the Palestini-
ans off their land in their drive to 
establish Israel. Such an asser-
tion, however, is completely with-
out foundation. In fact, there is 
overwhelming evidence that the 
Palestinian flight took place as a 
direct result of exhortations by 
the Arab leaders who felt that the 
Palestinians would be an obstruc-
tion for the Arab armies when 
they exterminated the Jews. 

Zarour also stated that Israel 
was created through terrorism. 
This is also a blatant distortion . 
The Haganah (the Jewish army in 
Palestine) was engaged in military 
operations agai nst British and 
Arab military targets. While some 
fringe groups did attack places 
where innocent Arabs resided, 
the Jewish leadership roundly 
denounced the killings and apol-
ogized to the Arab leadership. 

Israel's meticulous maintenance 
of holy places sacred to all reli-
gions, their admission of thou-
sands of Ethiopians and Vietna-
mese boat people, and their citizen-
ship laws, which are more liberal 
than those of the U.S., rebut the 
charge of racism. The nations 
which voted for the resolution 
condemning Zionism should sit 
in judgement on themselves and 
their own actions before unjustly 
excoriating Israel. 

T As Are Inadequate 
Editor: 

On April 3, 1948, the Near East 
Broadcasting station in Cyprus 
said : "It must not be forgotten 
that the Arab Higher Committee 
encouraged the refugees' flight 
from their homes in Jaffa, Haifa, 
and Jerusalem ... " EmileGhoury, 
secretary of the Palestine Arab 
Higher Committee, on Sept. 6, 
1948 stated that "The fact that 

This is in direct contrast to the 
PLO which not only attacks with-
out warning (the Irgun and Stern 
groups issued warnings hours 
before their intended attacks), they 

Ms . Zarour, IsraeliS constantly 
fighting for its survival. For what 
other reason would such a small 
country, so interested in peace, 
have such a potent military? Sol-
diers, armed with machine guns, 

Fall quarter of this year I came 
to UC D as a freshman . Naively, 
I attended my first chemistry dis-
cussion section. expecting to have 
my questions answered and to 
receive help on homework prob-
lems I wa unable 10 solve. 

What I found instead, was a 
T A who either knew nothing 
about chemi try or who was very 

Pick Hit 
PS/2 Model 30 286 
The 8S30-E21 Includes : 

1 Mb memory 
80286 (10 MHz) processor 
One 3.5" diskene drive (1 .44 Mb) 
20 Mb lixed disk drive 
8513 Color Display 
IBM Mouse 
DOS 4.0, Mlcrosolt ' Windowsl 286. 
Word and hOC Windows Express" 
Software II loaded and 
ready to go! 

Your Price· 
$2,399.00 

University Bookstore 
[l1J[C~1 [J 1 
Computer Center 534-4291 

Pick a hot hit from IBM. 
Top of the c harts in quality a n'd 
va lue . Thj pecia l offer is 
unbe lievable, so pick one of these 
hot hits. Exciting, ea y-to-use 
selected oft ware i loaded and 
ready to go. tudents, faculty and 
staff won't find a better time to 
put one of these great performe r 
into action. Stop in and c heck 
the m o ut today! Hurry, offer 
expires June 30, 1989. 

n 
Pick Hit 
PS/2 Model 50 Z 
The 8550·031 includes: 

1 Mb memory 
80286 (10 MHz) processor 
One 3.5" diskette drive (1 44 Mb) 
30 Mb fi~ed disk drive 
IBM Micro Channel Architecture ,. 
8513 Color Display 
IBM Mouse 
DOS 4,0. Microsoft Windows l286. 
Word, Excel and hOC Windows 
Express 
Software II loaded and 
ready to go! 

Your Price" 
$2,799.°0 

Pick Hit 
PS/2 Model 70 386 
The 8S70·E61 includes: 

2 Mb memory 
80386 (16 MHz) processor 
One 3.5" diskette drive (1,44 Mb) 
60 Mb lixed disk drive 
IBM Micro Channel Architecture 
8513 Color Display 
IBM Mouse 
DOS 4,0, Microsoft Wlndowsl 386. 
Word. Excel and hOC Windows 
Express 
Software Is loaded and 
ready to go! 

Your Price" 
$4,449.00 

----
----= ~== 
= ::-:. ::: 
-------_ .-, 

'Thls olle, IS lim~ed 10 qualll1ed students. taculty and stan who order an tBM PS/2 Model 8530·E21. 8550·03t 0< 8570-E61 00 or befot-e June 30. 
t989, MlCfoson Word and Excel are the AcedemlC EdlttOns PrICes quoted do noIlnclude sales tax , handling and/or processing charges Check with 

your Inst~U1lOn regardlr1Qlhese charges OrderS are SUbJecl to avallabtllty IBM may w~hdraw lhe prOmotlOO at any time Withoul wnnen notICe. 
IBM Pt'1OM1 System,2 and PS 2 a,. '-U'llel'fO IfNtf'l~' 0' Int.l~oOn.1IJ au""" .. ~,... Q)n)orllhon IBM Moc:tO CNtn-. A'en _ kif_IS .II~I" 0118"" COIporillOOf'l 

MlC:rolOf1 IS • ,~,,~ "~rlo 01 UlCfOI(Ifl CofDOfIbOn I'IOC W,~ h gr." ... "*Mmarlt. 1)1 It-. f\OC Com~ COI'POfMIOn 

• 

knowledgeable, but was unable to 
effectively communicate that 
information to the class. When 
asked the simplest of questions, 
such as "What is Graham's law 
effu ion?", this T A generally spent 
15 minutes thumbing through the 
textbook for the answer before 
giving up and telling the student 
who asked to see her during office 

See INADEQUATE, pace 9 

GOING TO OON'T 
FORGET THE EURAIL AND 

BRI'TRAI. 'ASSESITHEY'RE FAST, 
EASY, AND GOOD VAlUE FOR 

YOUR TRAVEL DOI.l.ARSi 
IIUlL YOU'"PASSIS 
1 MONTH $360 
IMONTH $47. 
H,",M YOUIHPASSU 

IDAYS $14' 
15DAYS $11' 

1 MOtnII $31t 
AU. .... lllIIOCIlU. 

ISS .. 011l1li SPOT. AlII 
..a.r .,.. RIll AIID 

IMDNIASI 
WHY GO OIJ CAMllUS? 

ClAII!EMONT SQUAIIf 
(N~XI '0 VONS) 27 .. 2600 

MIRA MUA 
(N~1l fO PIll,; HUi) ~6100 
UNIVEllSITY TOWNE CENTRE 

(ACROSS FROM MANN rtIlA1R~) 
45$-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPr. NOT NECESSARY 

MANICURIST AVAIlAILE 



6 Monday. May 12. 1989 

N T ROD U eNG 

COLLEGE NIGHT 
Tuesdays 

1O-0UNCE DRAFT BEER ...... . . . . . . . . • • . . .. 50 c 
MARGARITAS ....... .. . ....•. •..•.•. ... $2.00 
LONG ISLAND TEAS • . • . . . . . . • . . • • . • • . . .• $2.00 
SAFARI FOOD SPECIALS . . . . • • . • • • • . . . • . .• $1.49 

WednesOdaysS PITALIn H NNIGHT 
APPRECIATIO rho" drink sptflOrS 

. , stub Dnd YrCf'It't IE..IW! 
BriNK '" • f>Il) .. . . . .•.• ~~ 

Draft Beers.. . . .. . ......... .. $2.00 
Margarita ............ .. ... . .... $2.00 
Long Islands ................ . 

8980 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
La Jolla. 587 -1993 

specialize ... 
in packing 

and shipping 
small loads. 

'-.. " . . 

• CU510m CR TI n/iJ and Pick ing 
• Stuppmg fro m I 10 1000 pound a-

Inc !u dln9 ovemlQlht d elivery 
• Insunnce 10 SSO,OOO 
• Pick up serV1C:e 
• PaCUQ'ln9 supplies- boxes tApe, loam 
• 7 10 10 day d elivery 

~_6:mJr1l .. Open 9-5:30 M-F 1130 Wall St. Next door toPostOftice /lie..., ... ,., .. 'ltllm, "'" La Jolla. CA 92037. 454-9680 
Auto Repair Service 
7955 Arjons Dr. Open 7 a.m.-7 p.m. 
Miramar Hd eft on J( 'wdy 
If,f! un Anen~ 

Our fully trarned mechanics are capable 
of reparrrng any type of mechanical problem. 

549-0272 III E!: • 
I Tune-Up Special • Disc Brake Special I 
I • ''''~' .... ca.mplO. SO". ~'" • S<OII I.. A!~'" " .. , pod, $ 6 9 .95 I I "'l'''' . Milll """'I'" "II • • CI«U Mini • M"h'''IOI~ \ I'll'" 1Iw'''i R sa750 • 

!ft\ISStOftS • MOS1 cars 6. 119111 1111Us . fllra lor po.alS & I on /tOII'lI re hln f9 • I ''''''lII0I' ,I _ • 1.""" 1oy,,,.I. 'I""" Stm, melailic pads 
I 4 vi $38 99 6 vi $ .... 99 • . 101,"1 .""Y"" ~.I, & hont whetl d"" • 

-C. . -C. - . •• 1IwtI1,,' cal s ei lia :_8::!! .~~.!? __ _ ut.SI!I'!.. _ L _________ u!.~~ : 
I Drum Brake Special : Major Service Special : 
I • Rtplace shoes $ 79 95 I $25 Off I 
• • MilChule dlums • I 15.000 mi.. 30.000 ml .45.000 ml 611.000 I • IlISpetl hydllulH: Reg 59250 ml serYIClng OUi malOl sef " te meel! alilaclOl j I 
I syslem Mosl 1011ign & domeSllC I l!tQmmend ed S1andalds Highes t qUI lily pariS I 

• Road lesl tan & hghlllucl.S I same day servlet Mosl lol!Ign & domlSIlC talS 
I up S/'1J/~ I & Ilghl frucks ..jp 5/'1J/~ I I ____________ ., _____________ _ 
r Clutch Work Special I Cooling System Special : 

IS low as $235 or save I' PIIlSUII back lIush $49.95 • 
I I • PlesSUl I check 101 II.J/S R SS995 
• $50 0111111 price I • Inspect hoses &ftlll'9\ Mosl ta~ & hgh! Iluck I I , . Instalin plaIt disk and piiol blallng • Geal • Inspecl w.'tlpulIljI I 
I 011 • Roid lesl • Mosl FIJI!!gn & ilomesltcs I & belli I 

. PIISeIII COIlflO' wilen !IOlk Did!! IS Ilkll1 Ind 5ol' 1 I up.S/'1J/1S I SSO OO Dff hst p"ce ~ SIll/_ _ _______ • 

-------------------

OPINION 

Cultural House Apology 
Editor: 

The following is a letter of 
apology for all the ultural House 
alumni. 

To all those who have resided 
in the halls of uhura l House, 
a nd esp"cially to those lucky few 
who are about to graduate, I 
deeply apologize for not putting 
on a reunion for you this year. 
Lack of effort on the part of my 
co mmittee forced us to cancel it at 
the last moment. 

But even though I did not get 
enough support from my com-
mittee, I am still responsible for 
its fai lure , because I was put in 
charge of this eve nt. The leader 
must be ready to accept the con-
sequences a nd at the same time. 
be prepared to share in the glory, 
for a leader is nothing without a 
group of followers who are wil-
ling to follow . 

I especially apologi ze to those 
graduating this year, because I 
had hoped to gather so me of you 
in so that you could see how much 
this house has changed and also 
to see old friends who you may 
not have seen in a while . I wanted 
to be able to give you a send-off 
you could remember, but even a 
year of planning and sweat could 
not put it together. 

AliI can offer you instead IS my 
deepest regret. May you find suc-
cess as you exit this place for the 
last time. all you pioneers of the 
first Cultural House. 

There may be a reunion next 
fall , but by then it will be too late 
for a few of you. 0 please keep 
an eye out for any further devel-
o pments with this reunion. (We 
ca n't let Wilderness House have 
all the fun now, can we"!) 

Jesse Sanchez 

State of the World 
By ROGER STUART BLONDER 
Humans of the past and present have struggled to survive 
Coping with hostile nature with the will to remain alive . . 
With fundamental needs met. a lesson for modem man In store 
Reveals a human 's only need is the ugly needfor more. 

Send usyouropinions! 
The GUMdian welcomes 
letters and commentar-
ies from students, faculty 
and staff. Send them 
typed and double-
spaced to: 

Opinion Editor 
The UCSD GucYdian 
8-016, UCSD 
La Jolla, (A 92093 

Include your signature 
and phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit 
all letters. 

With technological advances. modern conveniences and other fabricated needs 
We have created selfish desires ... manifested in greed. 
In the ongoing quest for fulfillment. man has displayed terrible disregard 
And side effects of progress haveforsaken this once balanced world marred. 
For the human consumes the Earth like a terminal disease. 
Or the aftermath of a garden - engulfed by deadly weeds. . 
The awesome success of man on Earth has been blown ~ay o.ut of propOrl/on 
And the sur vival of the fittest has become a grotesque d,stortIOn. 
HarmOn)' is in music as can be heard in a chord. 
And so';"eday, harmony on Earth will be restored. 
Through exodus into space or the eradication of man. 
Earth s equilibrium will return through God's mighty hand. 
With holes in the ozone. toxic pollution and a nuclear world 
It seems a malter of time before it all comes unfurled 
Like a runaway train. down a one way track . 
Ha ve we reached a point where there is no turning back? 
I feel like a hypocrite taking pari ill a ~iII! game. 
For I contribute to these problems - 1/ IS myself whom I blame. 
But we are all j ust pawns on the game board of life. 
And our best mo ve is to succumb to the strife. 
Look at tomorrow but live for today. 
Try to change the world in your own special way. 
After a night full of dreaming don ~ let those dreams end; 
With your eyes wide opened. let the dream be your friend. 
Look to the future with hope, not despair. 
We can make a difference because as humans we care . 
Blonder is a Muir College senior, majoring in QEDS. 

THE FUN AND FESTIVITIES 
ARE NOT OVER .. . ITS 

Cinco De Mayo 
EVERY FRIDAY 

AT DOS AMIGOS STARTING AT 4 PM 
HAPPY HOUR & BUFFET 4-8 PM 
ALL NIGHT DRINK SPECIALS 
Tecate Beer 51.50 • Jumbo Margarltas 

CORNER OF SPORTS ARENA 
& ROSECRANS 

52.00 

The UCSD Guardian 

ETHNIC 
Continued (rom page 3 
ment. but that I would have a 
hard time working in a system 
that does not also accept me as a 
sociologist," she said from Cam-
bridge, Massachusetts , where she 
is currently a visiting scholar at 
Harvard's Henry A. Murray 
Research Center for the Study of 
Lives. 

Reports of the controversy in 
the San Diego Union, the San 
Diego Tribune and the Los 
Angeles Times suggested that the 
sociology department i biased 
against hiring minorities and is 
resistant to the development of an 
ethnic studies program at UCSD. 

Scull , however, said that such 
claims are factually incorrect. 

In 1988, affirmative action sta-
tistics for the social science div-
ision at UCSD, which includes 
sociology, showed no deficiency 
in hiring Asians, while deficien-
cies did exist in the hiring of 
blacks, Hispanics and Native 
Americans. 

The department has, however, 
offered positions to an Hispanic 
and a Native American for the 
next academic year. and is in 
negotiation with another Hispanic 
candidate. 

Scull would not comment on 
reasons for the rejection of the 
Asian-American candidates, cit-
ing confidentiality of the hiring 
process. 

He said claims of bias against 
Asian-Americans are false. 

"Diversity is important and we 
have a strong and continuing goal 
to find quality faculty of varied 
backgrounds to add to the ethnic 
diversity in our department, not 

just in areas aligned with ethni-
ci ty. " 

Scull said the department's top 
hiring priority for 1988-89 was to 
strengthen the area of quantita-
tive sociology. Second priority 
was the area of organizational 
theory, and third was the area of 
race and ethnicity. 

"We have made a concerted 
effort to recruit women and 
minorities across each of these 
areas ," Scull said. 

Third College Provost Cecil 
Lytle , who oversees the Ethnic 
Studies Executive Committee, was 
a vocal suporter of the move to 
appoint Nakano Glenn and Omi 
to ethnic studies positions. 

However, he said this is more 
than an issue of Asian-American 
studies or ethnic studies. 

Lytle described the rise of 
UCSD to national prominence in 
just 27 years as the result of "vcr-
tical"growth, which has produced 
departments which are "separate 
shining towers. " 

"Rather than a racial or ethnic 
issue, the problem is a reluctance 
on the part of the institution to 
grow horizontally," he said . 

According to Lin, problems 
such as the Asian-American can-
didates issue arise when depart-
ments choose to view scholarly 
work in areas which are new or 
different as inferior simply because 
the system of evaluation does not 
provide for the new areas. 

"An enlargement of the inter-
disciplinary offerings is definitely 
in order, and the University may 
find that it is inevitably lurching 
toward that reality," he said. 

Lytle went on to say that Berke-
ley, Stanford, Harvard and Wis-
consin, the other research insti-
tutes to which UCSD compares 

FAiRMAIR'S 

. NEWS 
itself, have strong interdisciplinary 
departments and are comfortable 
with them. 

The question , he feel s, becomes 
whether the traditional depart-
ments at . UCSD are mature 
enough to realize their autonomy 
is not threatened. 

"The University has made extra-
ordinary strides in a short time," 
he said. " But can we make another 
quantum leap and accept the 
necessity to strive for excellence 
between departments?" 

Lin agreed with Lytle's assess-
ment and said there are two choi-
ces when building departments. 

"Either you hire only in your 
own area and achieve quick suc-
cess, or you hire across the board 
and get to the top a little later. 

"Some departments here have 
taken the first path, and they just 
might get left behind as the world 
changes. " 

Scull said those who claim the 
sociology department does not 
support interdisciplinary pro-
grams are "just not aware of the 
facts ." 

He cited the department's par-
ticipation in the Chinese, Japa-
nese, and Latin-American studies 
programs, and said that planned 
course offerings on issues deali ng 
with Hispanic migrants will ena-
ble the department to support the 
Chicano studies program. 

He said the department is aware 
of the importance of Asian-Amer-
ican historical, political, economic 
and social issues but , in his opin-
ion, "little serious academic re-
search in the area exists." 

Scull is confident that top-notch 
sociology candidates for the Asian-
American studies program will be 
found . 

See ETHNIC, page 13 

RES ALE C LOT HI N G CO. 

?~ 
1Ne.'4- 44Ut 1Q~e.'4-
• DESIGNER LEATHER SHOES FROM $14 

9 W EST , W I LOP A I R. ZOO I A C. TIP TOE, M I A 

• DESIGNER LEATHER BOOTS FROM $14 
• RADICAL 501 LEVIS 
• Costumes for theme parties-IO's, 50's, 60's, Hawaiian 

The source for eo'*mporery end Funky fashions for Men & Women 
4879 Newport Avtnuc, Ocean Beach, CA 

122-0220 

~ ROBERT'S $ 0. ~ SAAB 
German. Swedish. Japanese Service 
All work fully guaranteed. Factory Trained Specialists 

Specl.llzlng In: 
• . MAJOR SERVICES . • FUEL INJECTION 
• TUNE-UPS • ELECTRiCAl 
• BRAKES • EXTENDED WARRANTIES 
• TRANSMISSION • ENGINE REBUILDING 

Mon.-Fri. 8 om-5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am-5 pm A 
I VISA' (619)275-1132 W 

.' .. ,.-. 

• 

4630 Mission Bay Drive /1-5 to Balboa exit, San ~ __ 
w. WSl awd , tcommetld Kno.'N> L .. "riCilo/$ 10 Oil' ells/.,.m 

--------------------------------10% OFF on all repairs* with this coupon 
·Exc~1 motor alld trallsmissioll overhaul. Not valid lIIitlt alfY otlter CO .. /H)If . 

Monday. May 22. 1989 

Copying & 
Desktop Publishing 

3~Copia 
4150 Regenrs Pork Row 

(behind Anthony's La Jolla) 
457-1007 

r----------------------, 
: 10 FREE COPIES or : 
: 3 FREE LASERPRlNTS : 
I I 
I wirh "'is ad I L----__________________ J 

let Us Earn Our Stripes! 
JUST FIVE ISSUES TO GO 

If you've got something to say, now's the time 
to tell the campus. Stop by The Guardian or 
call our classified hot line at 534-5416. 

Stay tuned for 
more details 

7 



THE WEEKLY CALENDAR 
ACADEMIC SERVICES 
MONDAY THROUGH fRI DAY. MAY 22.26 
8 '00 ...... -1:30 p m. (evemng hOUR by 'ppointmen,) _ 
OASIS Wnung Cemer ofTe" frcr ",I\'ce lor.1I UCSD <tud.nlS 
who I'I«'d pre-"'Tlung htlp lonfcrt'nccs nn drafts Jnd editing 
adVIC(, Wt engage an)1 kInd of wrIIlng..lnd an) kind of "Tiling 
pmbk-m Conf('rencc~ Me b) appOlntmcnt onl), E,·t' nlOg 
ap(Xnmmems 3rt" also 3\'Jluble (Tor full rangr of services. <liCC 
,he back of ,I>< cu"""' cia,s «hcdulc) ull 53-1·11&l or come 
by US8<fOIOto makr nn appom lmcnl Thlsscl"\'lLr ISJ"Olllable 
'hroughou, ,he quanti <,ponsor<'d by the OASIS Wntlng Cen 
ttr Studt"nc Crmer Bldg A Free 
8:00 •. m.-1:30 p.m. and 1 .30·8 :00 p.m (Tuesday and 
Thursday) - The Lan~uage Program pr(Mdcs aSSISLlnce to 
students wh~ n4lllv(' language l'i not English ,1Od IU chose 
dOing v.'ork 111 japaJl('sc Spantsh French G('nnJn. Hcbrc\A. 
and OIhcr IangUJgc~ A dlagnosul. tr~ on wrlff('n Fnghsh as a 
s«ond language IS3"Jllablc em rcquesl Call534·1l~H formorr 
Inlonnallon 'ic.Udclll Cenrer Bldg A t-rl.'(, 
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY AND F1!IDAY. MAY 22. H . 26 
8 .30 a.m.· I :30 p m. (Mond.y . nd Wtdn .. d.y) and 10.30 
a.m - J .JO p.rn. (friday) - Hono~ workshops anJ InJI\"IdUJI 
"5SI~nc(' rOI freshpc~on'i dnd sophomorrs Tht.' \o\mkshop 
WID f, ..... us on Ih(' "hnrt paJX'r [he ('ssa\' e)(Jm" and thc pr\,re~~r 
as a pannC'r c"'ludcnls \10 111 hJ\ (' Ih(' opronunll) h' learn .1 w,lrd 

rro...('ssln~ S)-'Sh.~m SAA "lUdem ... drr c<;;l>CllJlI) en":,'1urotgcd 1(' 
apply call FarTdl Forcm.m JI \)"'-7J44lor lunhl'rtnll'lrmJI4m 
or an appointment L~B 4070 
MONDAYS TH ROUGH fRIDAY . MAY 22·JUNE 9 
10:00 a.m.-600 pm - P .. .-k up .lppli(illiOn fllrm:; for p.lId 
TUIOI and rEP 190 TUI"r J( Ihl,.~ Lnderground Room ll~ 
Galbr.:lllh HaJI Bcc.:omc an OAS;I~ tUtlU tor m.lth ph)":;ll!l 
tconomlCS. bm-, hem Jnd ECF·C('E JUniors and !lCnlllr~ with 
300 GPA JI'C ehg,bk III .ppl\ 
MONDAY. MAY 22 
1I:OO .. m. - EFrECTIVI' JOB SEARCH STRAT~G\' 80 per" 
Ctlll of all Job \."alanUl'S arc unad\"cnt~d ThiS ""orkshop \Io11l 
('ach you Ihe mosl t>ffecm"e WJ)" 10 find th<m Cart"er Sen:lt.f's 
Crmer 
1.30-1:00 p ..... - DROP-" AD\1',ING HOURS For I><lp fIOd 
Ing dcsmab&t pan -Time empltl)'mcm detcrmlnlngrart"rr goals 
scOlrrhmg for Jobs ort)j,pJl,.1fIng profe~lonJI orgraduate schoo 
opportunltlt"s No appollllmf'nt n~("sSJT) JUSI walk In Carrer 

~n"lCes Ceml,.'l Free 
1 :00 p.rn. - WRInl'G YOUR P!oR"'~AL TA rEME:t\'T Pm. 
tnt your best Sldf' to admlS5ltln5l'ommltlee~ 1 or meullJI.mu 

d~nUlI school applKams who ",lnt lip. on "TlIIng lhl~ Impor 
unl d<xulTlC"nt Car«r Sen.1CCS C(,l1Ier 
ruESDAY. MAY 23 
I I :30 I.m - THE MARK~ 1 ABLF RESUME WORKSHOP 
l.Lam how to conslnJct ;l sl.1te·or·,he-.m Il."sume Ih.1[ 110'111 make 
you OIOl"and OUt frt1m the U,)'4-d Carcer ScrYlt es Center 
t:30-1:00 p.rn. - DROP·It\ AD\1SIr\G HOURS Forhdpwllh 
,-areer goal!; Job hunting !"(Sumf' preparation l'tC ~o ap 
polmmcnc necessary JUSI " 'alk 10 CartCf Servll(,S Centcr 
3:00 p.m. - ORIENTATlO.' 10 TEACHER EDUCATIO:-' 
PROCRAMS" K-I1. Want 10 be .. ICJlher' Find our about 
y.lInOUS cducatlon programs .lnd ehe SICp~ 10 lake (0 get a 
credenttal Cartt, Sc(\1CrS Crnh.:r 
WEDNESDAY, MAY H 
130-t :00 p.m. - DROP·I" ADVISING HOURS For help . ·lIh 
car..:cr goals, Job hunllng rrsumr prt'p.1roloCion eiC No 4Ip-
polnunem necessary.Jusl WJlk In ureerScr'\Kes Crncer Fret 
3:00 p.m.- THE BUSINESS SIDE OF HEAlTH CARE IIsone 
of the MueSllob m4lrkeb for Ihe future You tooun work III thf' 
hcallh care- mdustl) \l,llIhoUI hemg 3 medical praculloncr 
Leam rrom Ihe rXIXn" ..I boUI Ihr range 01 opponUnl1lCS In 
htallh car(' admmlt;trallon" rlnOlm"e marketing and In(Orm.1 . 
non systcms Carc:er rvlCU Center 
THURSDAY, MAY 2' 
1:30·1:00 p.m - DROP·I"J AD\'ISING HOURS FOI help 
rmdtng deslrablf: pan·llme rmpiO)"ment dctermlnlng career 
goals. JOb hunting. re~um(' preparallon Cl(" No appolncm('nt 
necessary JUS! WOiIlk In Career 5('1"\'1((,5 Cenler Frec 
I :JO p.m. - ON CAMERA PRACTlCI\G Ir\TER~'EWI"'G 
SKILL5 harprn )'our Inlen-".t.'v.lng skllb. by Soel"lng Jnd heanng 

you~1( on VIdeOtape Re«(,ln~ r('rdbatk (rom OIherJoo 'it'ekt"rs 
In chis group workshop Pren.'qulslle Intt'rvll'W1ng Skllls Work-
shop Career YrYlces c...:nter 

2.00 p.m" - HFBREwON THE HuMP ComC)om Che\lJ on 
the hump and sJXak Hebrc" Comc and learn! Spon~rcd b)' 
Ihe Union o( Jl'W1sh Studcnts JI UC~D 
3:00 p.m. - MBA I:-'FORMA TIO" ~lSSI0N - BU>lne .. 
school AdmiSSions pnx.eduf\"s apphUtilln Str.ucgles .md 
se1ccclon o( schools "'III be dl!ll.. ussed C..arcrr xr'\'!Le Center 
fRI DAY. MAY 26 
t 1:30 Lm. - INTERVlEV.1NG KII.LS WORK~HOP Do you 
nted help In prepanng for JOb IntervIews' ureer Scn.'lleOlO 
Ccnll'r """111 prOVide Clps on the beSI "J.)~ 10 prl"!tC1l[ rour 
qualificatIons and what kind ,~f Intt'rVII.'\A. questions III rxpetr 
Career Services Centcr 
1.30-1:00 p.m - DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS I or hdp .l1h 
L4IU'cr goals. Joh hunting re~um(' pn:p.JrJllon elC No JP 
polnlmrm nt(C"SSdI)'.JU"t \A.dlk In (.lrl'erXf\.lI.l's u:nler '(l't' 
RECREATIO 
THURSDAY. MA) 25 
7 ")0 pm - Jt" .. nm" Illt'lrn.1n ,I I r,'I1, h 111111 h) ( h,m!.11 
Aktnn.m H Ll ,",UdIIIIIlUIII (,..II1I1,lIlh 1-I.t11l h\'l' 

~ATURDAY . MAl 21 
900 am "- . 00 pm - thl' "~A uknl "h.,\o\ I" l'\llItn~ 
(orne and" nru"\-. rhl" f"l. ,lIn~ l ( .... n \(),l "-.wh"l""I\:rn 
JniJ Uti tll.l .. " A d.lrh l 1,"ld\~OIO D,m I 111'" II' h ""III ~" 1I1I1 
mUl h fun -1 with (pllcgt" In .Inti ~~ ftll ~t..'nl'rJI puhhl. )k\dl(, 
CJk 

TllURSDAI'. J UNE 8 

7'30 P m - v"',., of 'Jr.frn. - a f,lm by \'gel "obi< H UI 
Audllorrum ,(.Jlhr.ulh 11 .. 111 "I."l" 

ORGANIZATIONAL MEETINGS 
ruESDAY. MAY 23 

6'00 p m. - Greeks AgatnSI Srll:ual Assault general mrtung 
PrIce C.mtr MB Fre. 

WEDNESDAY. MAY H 
10:00 a.m,-J :OO p.m. - The Israel Action Commlllee IS spon. 
sonngan Informanon table at Revelle Plaza provldmg Informa. 
lion about allJcWlsh aC(lVIIIC's on campus 
1:30 p.m. - Ayong Fmge" S'gn t.lnguage Soc,t!}. m<CIlng 
May IS lXa( Av-'3r~n~ss Month COm£' to thiS meetlnglodlSCuss 
rvtntS N~w mtmbcrs wekomt' For more m(ormanon call 
Edward Needham a, 115·1646 Ten,),a J02 

SERVICES/ WORKSHOPS 
MONDAY. MA\' 12 
11 i)() a.m · 1 00 p.rn - Akohol and c"'uhstJnl.f AbuSt' Peer 
Counseling Do )'Ou hol\'e an) que lions' Or ",'ould ~"OU IIkc JUSt 
to stop b) and ulk' \V(' Vo.ould be happy to talk With )'OIJ Peer 
(ounsclors DanaJoslrn dnd Ctlilra ~epomuceno will be a\,~II. 
able for \'Oun"'hng ,n H5S 2056 

oon-2 p.m - Gay and le$hldn peer cou nse:olrng Ha\'e 'a 
qurMlon' Wilnr someone- to talk co' Need a 5uppomVI.' crh'lr' 
onm('m' Drop Iw (he Women'o; RCS('lur\,.c Cencer(Pnce Cemer 
I<KJtlon) or (.III 534-1013 for an Indl\'ldual appointment \O\1th J 
trJlned peer (ounselor 
3:00·1 30 pm - Personal Gro~,h Group - 1\ group for 
pe~lOs I",ert'~t,"d In e~plonng thrlr rdallonshlps Iramlng 
how tht") arc per(.cl\ed by others de\'t~lop,"g INsr In them-
sel"es Jnd others" and -:xprcsslng Ihcm~he~ full) and oprnl)r 
The group" led b) Hugh Pate, Coli Hugh ar 534"3456 for 
sign-up and Infonnauon Re\"elle C~lege PrO .... OSI on Ice 
] .00·-4:30 pm - Reco .... ~nng from Eating Disorders Group 
(RED I) - ThiS IS a group for stuoents who Wish to o ... en:ome 
an e.II ng d,sorder Ltd by Rtlna Juarez 514. 387~ C.II her for 
J prcllmlnJry appolmmenr before coming co thc group 100) 
H UL 
6:30· 7:30 p.m. - B, ·sexu.oland gay men'"upport group. led 
b)' peer counselors Sal iJnu Mark We rc 3 "'eekl)I, Informal, 
lon rldentlal peer group (orSiudenlSwho",anr co dIS(: USS Issues 
and share l·onl.ems Drop-In!. wekomc or call 5)4-1023 or 
534· 3755 (or mort' Informal Ion Confercnlt Room" 412 MAAC 
ruESDAY. MAY 23 
8"30. 10'00 I.m - O\'ercomlng CompulSive Eallng ThIS 
group ,sled 1»' Marla Sc h,ck, 534-0253 .• nd M,nJm I""upo\'oc, 
5)-I'{)255 Con 'Aarla N M,nam I><fore (om 109 '0 ,he group 
100) GJlb'.IIh HJII 
10.00 a m,- Noon - Ll'~bldr. and ga)" pcert:()unseilng Have a 
que~tlon' W~nt someune 10 talk t07 f\:ccd ... suppom\.-"e cO\'lr-
onmrnt' Drop b) Ihe Woml'n's Resourlc Center< Pnle Center 
loc:.ltlonlort.J\l534·2023 (oran rndl\"ldual Jppt)tnlment "'nh a 
rr.lln('d peer lounsclor 
II 00 am · 12 30 p.m - Gay· B,,,,.u.1 Mrn' ~uppon tor"up 
- ThiS IS a n mfrdenoal support group n.pl\>rIng I~SUfc;, rele. 
\oam 10 gay dnd blSt')j,ual men Lcd b)' CraIg Wlesc ~}'l 3755 
ull Crdlg (or OJ brief prrllmlnal") appolntm..·nt before u'Imlng 
to (he group Mounulln View Lounge 
1.00·230 pm - Aduhs MolcSttd J\ Ch,ld"n A group f r 
"omen and men y.ho sun."llJcd molestation," lhlldhood \1r 
ddolc,>(CIKC' b) !Jtr.mgl·rs "lqUJln~nu's dnd" or (amll)' mem· 
ba., Led b) MIflJm IOSUPo\K( S}4-01S5 ancljeannr Mane~ 
534·30)') (.nnt..lct ("uher per~n If Inrercsu~d In rhl' group A 
prrhmm.lI"} .tppvlOlmcnt IS nCl.C~~lry 100) Galbnmh Hall 
WEDNESDAY. MAY 21 
J 00·-430 pm - ChH.. .. no ullno "-tuppon (,mup ThiS IS a 
r;upJX,n grc.")up f'lr graduJt(' Jnd unonKrotJu.ttt· studcnt!» Ltd 
h) nJn Munt'Z dnd RCtnd JUJr~: LIII DJn J( ')} ... ·1579 101 
Inform.1IIon ~l!ld{'nl C('ntc. 8 Cllnfl~rl'l'kr R\l(lm 
300·430 pm - GROll' H)R U!\\tOIlVAlILJ ANI) PRO 
CRA..,llr-.;All'lr'" 1 um "\1'" A gr.lup fllr ... tud(nc~ ,,"hI) hnd If 
JllIlluil Ill .. rud) nr gCI 'iloHtl"J nn Ihe \o\rlun~(lII)Jp'-T~JnJ" t-kl 
kd ,hJI 10,( hllt,l I ... nlll rhr p1.IU· for tht"m "II Ihl" IInlt: 1.l'J h) 
lIugh PdU'~" jH H'>6 R('\"dk ( tllk'~l' Pili),",,,, Ofhd' 
) 00·' 00 pm - CJI," dnd 1('~hJ..In pt""1 (fltm ... :itn..t Drop h~ 
111\ \\UIOt'li RC'Jo()ulu' (t'llIl'r 1ft (hi" PUd' (L'nrn 111 "III 

~H.lll13 Ipt" .In Inul\"IuuJI JpPOtntllll·nt wllh .I rr.IIOL·d pt"t:r 
~11U~"~)f 
6 30-800 pm - Whl:It' Do I (,n 1 ftlln Ht.'n·) A 'Anrhhtlp 
d(,'I~nl"O Inr jx'}pk .... hu h.I\'(> t"pt·r!l·llll·d (hl.·ltr.~ ", .t "1,').11111 
lJm rx,",,)O ,'r fitllh.1')t' .... hl, .. 'c f.lllng [he IrnptmJlllgdc:Jlh tIl 
J 1\I\l·c..!q,,"' Il'u by I' .. ulll,-,], 'Hi 172' (. .. lIhllnm\IKIl upf(}f 
'ht' ~r,'up 1003 to.lhw,h Hall 
630-7" 30 pm - Lnh'..In bl RI .... "u.11 IJ..\'fn.tn'l "'uPllI..1l 
Gmup Ltd h\ PI.·C, ll1un~lor\ II .... Jnd KJ,hv \\.'r ft' "I \4ffkh 

lllnfldcnlhli drup-mgroup f.,r "llmcn Imcrf"led 10 dIMU ...... InJ1, 
pcrs.lIlJllonu·rm. and sOl.l,lll~UC In.l (; ~'mt,'n.tbl(' suppur 
IIW Cn\'1mnl1ll·nt Drop h)' Ih(' \\ 'om('ns Rl'~OUllC Center In 

Ih\~ l"lll' l'ml~r or Gln ~H 1021 or 'n"' -)7;~ (or rnllrt." rnrm 
math'n 
THURSDAY. MAY 2~ 
10'00 a m ·Noon - Ak"l)h.'1 Jnd ')uh"lancl' Abu~' PC"rt ,lun. 
...cling D.l YOli h,we ,In)' qUl'~UUJ1~" ;.lr would )"~llllrkl' JU"" h' 

~IUp hy and l.llk' \V(' would he happy 10 lalk ","h )'OU Jl(o('r 
,,"ounsclnro;; Oanajoslyn 3nd Crl,lla Ncpomul.enn Will ht- ,1\",111 . 
• bk 11 55 1056 
1.00-1 00 p.rn - 'itrt' 'j", MLlnJgcmcnt \" ork~hnps ThiS work-
Shl'P \O\1111Cdl.h skills III manJgl' Slrcs~ I..f'd b) Kalh)' K.lshlma. 
.11 5)4 - }58~ Call her lor rnfllrmallon .lnd slgn·up It 114M 
3 .00-5:00 p m, - u.·shmn Jnd gay pcao'lun.),fhng Drop by 
Ihe \Vomcn"OIO Rt'"M1URC Crrm"'r{Pncl' entl'rl llrcaIl 5J.,.1023 
lor an rndl\'ldu.II.1PIlI.l1OtlTh.'nI ",uh a rr.l1ned pel.'r «(lu n<li('lor 
F1!IDAI'. MAl' 26 

oon· l :]O p m. - ASI.ln / PJl.lfll 1~land 'iuPPMt GrClUp Thl~ 
grou p IS dt.''''lgn d 10 .. ddrtli~ the (.:onll'fn"l o( ASl,ln slud('nt ... al 
llL"-tO In a pruhl('m solving and ~upponlvc ,lIm~phcrc.' I"'!luc" 
sUl.h 3:; f.Hmly .. )'~u=-m~ '" luhur .. 1 flllnSlIlOn t'thmc Ident ll). 
!tl.lI1g In tW(llullUrt''i as students. commullll.lll ng \10 Hh nrhers 
.lOU '"Ol<1Ufln..l1 and .Ieademll .. tress ;lfe possible lh~usslon 
1l1pKS ltd b)' Jranne Man('sc" 5)4,,)O}S CJII her flU II1fonnol-
Il('on ahoul Ihl~ g'oup Drop.ln .. wek.:om(' tOO) GalbrJlth Hdll 
200·1.00 p.m. - AIcoholano Sub ... nct Abu", Group _ If 
)'I,.'1U howe cver 3skcd -Do I ha\'t" a problem'''. chances are )'OU do 
have a few things to lalk aboul Inref"rsted students pk-OlSC (all 
Dan Munoz .. n4·1579 for mformatlon The group IS led by 
Dan Munoz and Tyler Gabnel Rcv<1Ie i'mvos, OfT'Ct 
1.00·' :30 pm. - Co mpus Black Forum A weekly. ,nfonnal 
group on the Issues. concerns and quallry or Ilfr of the black 
communllY at UCSD. l<d by Ph,l Raphael 534'{)252. and 
fnends Mountain View Lounge 

HEALTH PROMOTION 
MONDAY. MAY 22 
FUN IN THE SUN KIN CANCER PREVENTION Prottc, your 
SklO from harmful cancer-<:Olusmg ra~ ~n'" tarly aging Free 

Benes 

skin cart Informallon and sunscreen whIle supplies lase from 
Studenr Heahh SeI"\'let"1 AI 10 kxallons on campus Re\'clle 
Sundry IOn' MOM. third ReSidence L,f. Offi .. Perenon Hall 
Want" Provosl and Resldcncr olflers. Flhh ReSidence Hall 
Anntx Bldg. 701 Inr('manonal Studtm Cemer Ca",on \'Iew 
.nfonnauon OffICe, and Student Htalth xr"\'lct", Look for the 
smIling man v.'Carrng hal and sunglas~s 
CULTURAL 
MONDAY. MAY 22 
Noon-l :OC p.m. - A culrurnl tnlonnallonal e\'em In support of 
,he Ir:tt If ADA (,he uprrs'ng ,n 'he Wes, Bank and the Gaza) 
POCtry, In(ormatlon table. mUSIC ponsored by Ihe C mmmfe 
,n Sohdamy wuh Pale,"ne PRICE CENTER PlJIZA. 

LECTURES 

TUESDAY. MAY 23 
1:00-200 pm. - Tht' Chn~lIan Sllence OrgaOlzaflon .If 
ULSO InVII(, you toa rree ChriMIJ" S<.. lC nee" leClurr enmk-d "Is 
Compk·te Rehanlc on God Po!tslbk III Toda)"s World '" gl\:cn 
b)' Mr RIChard Brookings, C S Conference Room JAB 10 Pm:e 
Center 2nd noor, ncar game r("I()m frce 
THURSDAY. MAY 2' 
" .0 0 p m. - Curre nl Trcndo; In NcuroSl.lenct'.' UCSD Profc!) 
~ur Or John PolIch Will h!' ralklng .1i>..)UI where nt'urO.51ICnlC 15 
hC..ldlng .1nd why Or Polich \10111 JI~, he diSCUS~lf1g hiS \Ioork 
" 'uh the nt'Yo MI(. (rrwgnC"IIl('nlephJlograph) ..It Xrlpp:; 
OlOll Open dl~u .. 'ilnn Will f('lInw Prlte Cencrr ("nnf Room 
MB ~rce 
730 p.m. - ~Th{' Inttlada rht"LJ <; (flalt'l(Ut. \10 IIh th,' PI 0 
,lnJ PeJl.c In thl,.· \1ludlr La"t .I.e lht IOPIl.\ t1f .I ICl,.rure h) 
Itlnnl'r 'en JJm,·~ Aboul"c:k "( hanF,t' In l' '\ P~~Il.l In Ihl' 
\--hJdlt.: I .... t "ptllbO'!i In<..ludt rhtrlt Culll'g(' Jnd <. \P l ''-ttl 
2711 Ir" 

RECEPTIO 
IUE.'>DAY. MAY 23 

) 30 pm. - The.- I hlrd ~nnu,.ll{l·\l'U\ HUIIWIlHll· ... KI'U'pfhm 
t..ll. h )"l'.tr Rl'\ot' lI, h. mor~ 't(ll,h'lm('ft·~" ho hJ\"l.'l,.olllpll'led Ihe 

')·~u.ml!r Hum.mlllt·" <.,('qlX'nU" Tht,", "\0\111 Ix- h('l' lJkt· ,1Ill! 
dllnk~ "-tpt'Jkl'r~ 111111 .nt.ludt' Ht)~l"1 kt:'l'lk tIUmJnl('l'~ pmlt .... 
Co4)~_ .1I1d ~uc.l{'nr' .lI1d lA\ All 01 C( .... 1) I" lnntl'u \o.)Ulh LJ" n 
'""If rhe I IUI1lJnllll· ... lltdlhrJllh .fJlIl I 1 hr .• rl ("'hl!l,' lll'nKl~l "n' 

CAREER O PPORTUNITIES MEETING 
THUR DAY. MAY U 

9:00 a.m.·Noon - Informal p,""<n'Juon by California Dept 
of Corrections for those IllIcrCOIOted In J Com~cllo n.ll Counse-
lor pOSI110n 

RELIGIOUS FUNCTIONS 
ruESDAY THROUGH FRIDAY. MAY 23 ·26 

~:OO p.m. - Catholoc Mass Sponsored by ,he Ca'hohc Com· 
mumry at UCSD Untverslry Lutheran Church , com~r of N 
Torrey P,nts and t.lJoIla Shores Dr 
ruESDAY. MAY 23 
Noon- I :OO p.m. - BIBLE STUDY -Very rardyw,lIan)'one d,. 
(or a nghteOlls man, though for a good man someont> mlghl 
pOSSibly dart to dlc But God dcmon mlles HIS 0" n lovt for US 
In thiS while we \4'eJ"f sti li slnne.s" Christ" dltd for us " Do you 
know lhat God lo\'("s),ou ~ much He "as willIng lo dle (oryou ~ 
JOto us as \1,1." look into the irVing. acm'"c word of God Wc're 
stud)'lng Rurruns 7 Price Center. Room S 
WEDNESDAY. MAY 24 
6:00 p.m. - A suppn for stude nts 15 served by the Lutheran 
c:ommunuy 31 UCSD Everyone IS welcome Unlvcrslty LUlhe. 
ran Church cornl'fof Torre)" Pines and u..Jnlla Short's Dr 
6:00·7:00 p.m. - Need a spiritual 11ft' JOin with refonned 
Chrr'iuans for we-ekly Bible tudy and sh.mng Sponsored by 
Unlleu umpusMrn""y Meers ,n Bldg 502 beh,nd ,he poloce 
station All a~ welcome 
7:00 p.m. - Bible slOOY \o\'11I focus on 1 COrinth ians"', offered 
b) Ihe Lutheran Campus Mmlsrry Open 10 cveryone Untver-
sny Lutheran hurch , comer of Torrey P1I1es and LaJoIL"l 

horts Dr 
7:00 pm. - Tra'Cled la,fiy? AFS. E~. YFU. Inrer·Sc hol .. _ 
Come to an organizatlon.1i metllng for exchangt sfudenr 
returnces Share ('xpcntnces, me..:( ne"' people and pran activI -
ties wnh forc lgn srudents vlsiling the U"S" Poce Center. Room 
7 2nd le\'c! 
8.00 p.m. - Film on ~ Ma",n luthcr," the 161h century Icader 
ohhe Protestant reformallon All arc welcome Unl\'ct"Slty Luth· 
ernn Church. corner of N Torrey Pines and La Jolla Shores Or, 
9:30 p.m. - Cand lel lghl MJSS Every \\'ednesdaywe cclebrate 
Mass III a renecm'e .md mcdlt.lll\'e manner Sponsored b)' the 
Calholt<." swdent communll), ,1( UCSD UmVef5l(), Luthcran 
Church. comer of N Tom:y Pines and t.lJoIla Shores Dr 
TttURSDAY. MAY H 
' .t ' p.m. - THURSDAY NIGHT UPPER. JOin us for good 
food and com pan)' for Sl Sponsored by the Iholte commun. 
Ity at UCSI} Unlvl.'rsuy Lutheran Church , comer of N Torre), 
Prnes and L'Jolla Shores Dr 
7:30 p.m. - B,ble Study Ep,scopal college studenrs S, ElIZa. 
bclh's Church. 2tHS Menon Avenue For more mfonnanon.call 
Fr B,II Mahedy. 565·6661 
F1!IDAY. MAY 26 
6:00 p,m. - look,"& for a good time' JOIn with othrr Chns. 
tlan fnends from Unllcd Campus Ministry for the 1.1St Fnday 
night SOC ial \Ve \A.'i ll meet at the Internallonal Center sleps at 6 
pm Dmn("r and entertainment arc (ree. so JOIO us for a fun 
lllne ","h good people 
7.00 p.m. - SENIOR SHABBAT ERVI E AND DINNER ThIS 
IS the l..Ist Shabbat and IS In honor of all graduatmg semors 
Comc Jom us III Mandcvl/k- Sul[(~" Sponsored by the Union of 
JeWish Students 
SUNDAY. MAY 28 
8:00 and 10:00 a,m. - l:plscopal Church worship service' 
Sunday Euchanst and pansh fellowship Good Samarrtan 
t:plscopal Church, 4)21 Eastgate MJII. across Genesee from 
easl end of ampus, nonh oflaJoUa Village Drive. Imersectlon 
of Easlg.J((' Mall and GcneS(e 
8 ;)0 I .m. - Calholic M.1SS Sponsored by the Cathohc Com-
munity JI UCSD Unl\'(~rslty L"uher.an Church , corner of N 
Torrey Prnes and LlJoila Shol'Cs Dr 
9 :00 ' .m. - CoIkgr age class for srudt", and ellowsh,p held 
weekly with," eas), accl'S:; 10 campus ponsored by United 
Campus Ministry, UCSD Held al Torrey Pmes' Chnsoan 
Church. 8320 t.I JolLo See nK D, ,, Nonh Inform""on 453. 
3550 
10:00 • . m. -LUTHERANCI IURCH S~RVI(F I ED BY CAM· 
PU, PASTFRJOHN HUBER I vtryone ,s .. ekome Univ ... llY 
LUlhernn Churc h. comer ofN r rrey Plnes .llld L.lJoliaShores 
Dr 

~ :OO p.m. - Cat holIC Mass ponsorrd by ,he Ca,hohc 
Communu)' al UCSO Unl\oe~ lty Luehcran Ch un:h. comer of 

T orrcy Pm .. s and t.I Jolla hores Dr 

DISCUSSIONS 
MONDAV. MAY 22 
2:00 P,RI -l)ld rOll hear about the guy wllh five pcntses' HIS 
(ondoms hi ilkt> a glove ome hear :1bout..alll he latest Hlnh 
ComrollnrOmlJUOn from a Siudent Health Ad\'OC4IIC at (udene 
Hc.hh Sr:IV' e. 2nd Ooor 
TUESDAY. MAY' 23 
. -00 pm, - Sex wlthou, unw.lnt("d pregnanq) I ('.lm dlfTn-
eOl WJ)S 10 cnl" ~" JUSlln casc Condoms, diaphragm cervICal 
(;! po;. and other Illt'll"Io(ht)fbtnh conerul OIlY dlS(us~d <;wdc nl 
tk,llrh (rOlCf 
WEDNESDAY. MAY 21 
Noon - I un\.h "n txarn BJ~H Infonnallun "boUl BIble Mld -
ra~h lalrnud 4o)ll('1nsorl.'d hy rht.' Union HI jC"'I"th ~Iudenl'i 31 
l'<'''D 41/ Mdtlh{',,"~ 
lOOp rn - Comcnlt'llu" " •• fet)"' Ple .... lHt" Wh.ll .tIl' your 
umtt'rn~..Itxlul brnh U'IntroP '·Ind ,'Ut .1~MJt Jlllhc ildvJm.tg("!Io 
• mJ dl.,....J'JmJgl·~tll CJl h mcthod "llhr hrnh l \In 1101 !'Ie!Jo.~lon 
Vollh.l "tude", lIeahh Adn"ll.ali' '\fUdt'nl tll."llth ~"ll.e 1nc.l 
fh'klr 
Tl IURSDAY. MAY 2' 
I 00 p.nt - You \.\-.IIl( U JII "IU.l)IlU ..... 101 II nnw' I rnd IlUI 
.... h .. , II I.Ikt.·!Jo. tu ht.' .111 )"'U un be .11 rhc ll('J(t Well WtHrun 
,,>\''' .. hm ~ lnf(\rm_lIh," un hrJlch nUlrlllnn pl'I'" I( ('l(.lm Inlm J 
"'Iudi'nl lit".llth AI.h-lllJIC ) 'tudt.'m It(,..Ihh 'K'r\"ll,.(' 2nd fk.)or 

The UCSD Guardian 

Inadequate 
Continued fro m page S 
hours. 

Obviollsly. it was not long 
beforc almost everyone in her sec-
tion stopped coming altogcther, 
except to tukc the occasional qui7 . 
T hroughout the year I have had 
several TA much like this first 
one, especially In math and cicnce 
cla~scs . I'd also venture to say that 
there are many studcnts at UCSD 
who ha\'c had .,imilar experien es. 

Why arc there ;0 many bad 
TA, here at UCSD? Granted, not 
all the teachingassistant~ I've had 
ha\'c been terrible, but the bad 
have certai nly outnumbered the 
gOOd. It seems to me that ome-
thing is seriously wrong with the 
'1 A se lection process. 

We, as student s. pay $535 a 
quarter to receive and education 
a t th is Univers ity a nd fo r tha t we 
have a right to ex pect the teachi ng 
assista nts to be good a t their jobs. 
T As s ho uld not be cho en solely 
for the ir head knowledge or 
G PAs, b ut a lso for their abi lity to 
interact with students and to 
un dersta ndably and effectively 
comm un icate informatio n. I urge 
professors to choose more T As 
who have these qualities and who 
genuinely care about students and 
want to see us succeed. 

Renee Lewis 

Triton 
ontinued fro m page 4 
Trito n means : POWER! 

LOVE, OCEAN. That's awe-
some! You are a Triton. 

O K, /'11 fess up. I didn't have 

Stripper Hypocrisy 
Editor: 

Over the past several months 
many letters have been written to 
the Guardian condemning the 
Sigma Alpha Mu rush event that 
featu red a stripper. Ms. A. M. 
Bezzerides w rote the latest such 
example in her "Editor in a Box" 
piece, stating that the event was 
an example of men giving "i n to 
t he ingrained cultural values tha t 
place women in subservient posi-
tions, " 

Q ue tion: Was Ms, Bezzeride 
fig ht ing these ingrained c ultura l 
va lues when she herself pa id a 
male strippe r to perfo rm at her 
roommate's birthday pa rty? Of 
course it i possible that she "d idn 't 
condo ne the event" or wa simply 
the re "j ust to make sure th ings 

did n 't ge t out of hand," but given 
her enthu iastic response to the 
said stripper, she appeared to 
have E JOYED it! 

Was tha t wrong? Was the party 
episode a degredation of men as a 
whole? Was it a ny differe nt than 
the SA M rush event? I am sure 
ot hers wi ll seek to explain her 
atti tude, which ha been reflected 
in ma ny similar Guardian letters. 

S t ill, most inte ll igent readers 
will a gree that it embo d ies a 
hypocritical double sta nda rd . Ei-
ther condemn both male a nd 
female strippers as .. ex ist," o r 
admit that such activit ies are 
"ha rmless fun ." Make up you r 
mind, Ms. Bezzerides! At least 
Victo ria Dunckley has! 

Ano nymous 

"FLASH TO THE PAST" 
with 

RESURRECTED NEW WAVE MUSIC 

ThurS<lay. May 25th 
9:00pm - 1 :JOam 

75c DRAFTS 
$2.00 WELL DRINKS 

9- I Opm 
IO:OOpm - 12:00am 

11,,1' '' ' . 

• 11111' " . 
1111, 11 " 
P ,. 111'11 ' 
P ,. /11. ,1 • 

DRESS IN YOUR BRIGHTEST 
NEW WA VE NEONS .1.1 

DON'T MISS ITIII 

P ". 
1111" ~ Valle Hose Hcstauranl & Saloon 
pi ". 
111'" ~ 

2660 Vla De La Vall e 
481 - 8861 

- Dcl Mar 

pi .' 
111'" • ~ MUST BE 21 '~i i J -J 'J ~ 'J • '1' ~ ' ~ . ~, . - - - - - - - - - - -"" :: .: :: .: .: .: .: .: .: :. :. :. 
-

- - - - - - - - - - - -
- - - - - - - - - - - -
- ~ - - ~ ~ - - - - - ~ 
- - - - - - - - - - - -

- - - - - - - - - - - -. 

-
-
-
-
-

OPINION 
time to look up "Triton" in the 
encyclopedia . (Actuall y, I'm j ust 
praying that Trit on wasn 't a 
scraggly, tra ns ient wino who had 
be lching contests with himself 
benea th the p ier.) By the way, if 
you get a moment, please look up 
" T rito n"a nd , ifat a ll possi ble,jo t 
d own a note to the Guardian 
(mail code B-O 16) stating whether 
you think he's cool, and if you 
th ink the Guardian should be-
come the Triton next year. 

Time out. / just got off the 
phone with the only human in 
San Diego who owns an ency-
clopedia! 

Triton, a Greek "merman" 
(male mermaid) son of Poseidon 
and Amphitrate. Let 's see ... he 
dwelt in a golden palace in the 
depths 0' the mighty sea. He's 
usually represented with a man's 
upper body and has the lower 
body of Daryl Hannah . Often he 

AUTO 
INS U R ANCE 

" tfd no t bt e '( ptnsi "t 
Special Co/{ege 

Studenl Program 
CALL lS FIR T 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 

3838 Camino 

blew through a twisted seashell to 
summon the winds and lar,l!e surf . 
Wha t a g uy! I mean god (Triton 
was a deity.) . 

I 've got chills. We rea lly should 
bring UCSD's nic knam e out of 
the closet. I mean, how many 
other university students are also 
mighty gods of the sea? At 
UCLA , I was just a member of 
the bear family. At USC, they're 
nicknamed after prophylactics. 
We are the UCSD Tritons . I love 
it. 

Changing the school newspap-
er's name to the Tmon WIll help 
bring our buddy Triton to state-
wtde prominence. He deserves It. 
UCSD school spirit will rise, the 
12 or 13 separate colleges will 
unite, the surf will get better ... 
think about it. 

"Goodrnorning, Triton Adver-
tising. please hold. " (Number 
one) 

S50 Mono S50 
Have you had 

mononucleOSIS Within 
the last month I If so your 

plasma could make a 
valuable contribution to 

the medical Industry, and 
earn you 550 Cit the same 

time. For additional 
detaIls call Ms. Vawter at 

Essential Bio logiCS. 
226-1733. 

Monday, May n, 1989 9 

Adoption 
Continued from page 4 
facto rs regarding whether to pa r-
e nt, a bort, or place for adoption. 

Clearly, an untimely pregnancy 
pu ts a woma n in an ext remely 
difficult position, and no option is 
easy. If you find your elf in such a 
predicament, my plea is simply 
that you not reject the alternative 
of adoptIon out-of-hand as too 
dIfficult and painful even to con-
sider, but take a closer look at it 
in tead. 

Adoption is not the way it was 
20 years ago, hrouded In ecrecy 
and shame. The proce s IS now 
generally much more open and 
loving, e~en if it's not much easier. 

M ichael Evans-La yng 

Read it, 
R ecycle it 

1------------FREE 
YOGURT 

at 
U.c. Yogurt 
(formerly Yogurt Cup) 
Buy one small or larger 

and get one S-Qz. yogurt 
FREE 

3868 Governor Drive 
Big Bear Shopping Center 

457-i339 
(ONE COUPON PER CUSTOMfR) • 

-------------

UNIVERSITY 

. , 'I IIUIi 
C 

• "
111111 

. C 
. '11 11111 • 

OF CALIFORNIA 
SAN DIEGO 

'89 

The UCSD Summer 
Session fl rst five-week session 
beginS June 26 and the 
second five-week sesSion 
begll1S July 31. An excIting 
range of courses from 
Virtually every campus 
department IS offered. 
Catalogs are available now 
For your free copy. dlop by 
the Summer Session Office at 
the UCSD Extension Complex . 
Monday through Friday, 8 
am.-4:30 p.m .. or phone 
534-4364 x22. 

The home of the 
49¢ hamburger. 

1 ~ m U~VO"(}ldSm ~ - &!lOll. 
7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
IL~-"~------------___________ .... JI ---ALLAMERICAN~EAL--

_uorter Poun er .... ,th ~""e se . ledll,r'l Fry 
II 
II 

Just $1 99 ~I 
(plus tex) II 

Only at II 
71.0 Mfromar Rd 

SCn Diego 
1231 PIO'~ 

La Jollo 



10 Monday, Mal' 22, /989 

---F EAT U R E S---
------------------------______ ~vcro~~~--------____________________ __ 

Speakers Emerge From Various Walks of Life 
European Activist Supports Danger of Chemical Weapons 
Nuclear Disarmament Emphasized by Expert 

B ANDREA ADLEMAN 
Contributing Feature. Edllor 

"What we have in Europe is not peace 
but a state of imagi nary war," explained 
British peace activist Mary Kaldor. " We've 
behaved as though the Second World 
Wa r never ended and we 've acted out a 
war in military exercises a nd hostile rhe-
toric. That has had an enormous influ-
ence over society in both the East and 
West." 

"Imaginary War Between Ea t and 
West" was the theme of a lecture Kaldor 
gave on campus last Wed nesday as part of 
the UCSD Faculty eminar on Inter-
national Security. 

Kaldor. a senior fellow at the Univer-
sity of Sussex. spoke about nuclear di -
armament in the context of the current 
European political ituation . 

Having attended her first anti-nuclear 
demonstration at age nine. Kaldor has 
been part of the peace movement for the 
better pa rt of her life. 

She is a founding member of European 
, uclear Disarmament (E D), a group 
that endeavor to bring about a nuclear-
free Europe and the democratization of 
Ea tern Europe . 

E D unite the various peace groups in 
Europe and erves as a forum for ideas 
and discussion. In addition, EN D produ-
ces anti-nuclear literature, including a 
journal of which Kaldor is the editor. 

Labeling EN D"the umbrella fora large 
number of European peace groups," Kal-
dor explai ned that "we see our function 
within the peace movement as generating 
ideas and literature. " 

EN D began with several specific goals 
in mind. One was to emphasize neutrality 
in light of the accusation surrounding the 
Campaign for uclear Disarmament 
(C D), which "had always been seen 

~omehow as a tool of the Soviet Union," 
according to Kaldor. In addition. E D 
hopes to show that the Cold War must be 

By REBEKAH DENN 
Staff Writer 

Julian Perry Robinson, one of the 
world's leading experts on chemical wea-
pons, spoke before a small group of stu-
dents at UCSD's Pepper Canyon Lodge 
last Thursday. 

Robinson, a senior research fellow at 
the Univer ity of Sussex in Great Britian, 
was completing a systemwidt: speaking 
tour of the University of California. 

The speech, sponsored by the Institute 
on Global Conflict and Cooperation , 
began with a discussion of what chemical 
weapons are, and who has them. 

.. 

1/ 

Mary Kaldor, founding member of Euro-
pean Nuclear Disarmament, hopes the 
organization can show that the Cold War 
must be attributed to both the United 
States and the Soviet Union. 

The weapons, "generally poisons de-
signed to kill people very quickly," include 
gases that interfere with one's nervous sys-
tem and those that burn, like mustard gas 
or tear ga ," Robinson explained. The 
poisons are extremely potent; a milligram 
of nerve gas is typically enough to kill a 
person, according to Robinson. The Uni-
ted Nations , he reminded the audience, 
clas ified chemical weapon as weapons 
of rna s destruction in 1947. 

Robinson feels that treaties banning their 
use would be extremely "aluable, none-
theless, and could also set a precedent for 
treaties on other types of weapons. 

Treaty negotiation are constant, and 
confusing, Robinson said . "All (countries] 
have decided it 's in their best interests to 
disarm, but at different times." attributed to both the Uni ted States and 

the Soviet Union. 
"I think that where we differ from tradi-

tional peace groups is that we put a lot of 
emphasis on democracy in Eas te rn 
Europe," Kaldor said. "We see democracy 
as in eparable from disarmament. We 
made links with group in Eastern Europe 
- peace groups. human rights groups, 
Green group (whose concern is the en-
vironment) - and we tried to develop a 
dialogue and to de.elop common ideas 
and projects and propo als ." 

Kaldor feels that during the Cold War 
there was "real ignorance about the oviet 
Union and Eastern Europe," which pro-
vided "a good excuse for high levels of 
military spending and for [the orth 
Atlantic Treaty Organiza tion)." 

A key feature of the chemicals, Robin-
son said, is that people can protect them-
selves from the weapons by shielding their 
skin or lungs from the affected air. 

It is difficult , he said, to really know 
which countries develop chemical wea-
pons, because there is a secrecy inside as 
well as outside governments. There are 
few people, he added, who have detailed 
knowledge of the issue and know the dif-
ference between the facts and opinions. 
")t's very easy for a perceived wisdom to 
build up which becomes more and more 
detached from the tru th." 

Between five and 20 countries have 
chemical weapons today, Robi nson said, 
depending on which stories one believes. 

There are various problems associated 
with the treaties. The conflicting motives 
of governments are one source of such 
problems, Robinson said. A country may 
truly desire to ban the weapon, or t hey 
may only wish to seem to be negotiating 
toward that end . He cited a 1984 case in 
which then Vice President George Bush 
went to Geneva in an attempt to reach a 
treaty agreement. "One doesn't really have 
to be cynical," Robinson said, "to see how 
that Geneva meeting was used to convi nce 
Congress to pass a then-current bill fund-
ing modernization of U.S. chemica l wea-
pons. Robinson reasoned that "one can't 
negotiate a treaty from a position of 
weakness." 

She is skeptical of orga nizations such 
as 'A TO and its Eastern counterpart , the 
Warsaw Pact. See PEACE, page 12 

"History has been ra ther dismissive of 
the use of chemical weapons," he said, 
adding that actual usage is infrequent and 
most currently occurs in the Third World. 

"This type of game-playing was, for a 
time, perfectly safe," he said, "until Gor-
bachev appeared on the scene." We could 

See CHEMI CAL, page 12 

I'holo b} D,"ne ~ ullon 

Jack Fulton: Perceiving Wilderness 
From aPhotographer's Viewpoint 

By ANDREA ADLEMAN 
COnlriburing Features Editor 

"H e sta rted out as an 
engineer. He gradu-
a lly realized that his 

talent and interest focused , no 
pun intended , on photography. 
He is one of the most highly 
regarded .. . of new wave of wil-
derness and outdoor photo-
graphers . .. 

With the~e introductory words, 
Muir Provost Patr ick Ledden 
presented Jack Fulton, nature 
photographer and writer. 

f-ulton , who spoke on campu~ 
la , t Thursda y, was the 1989 
~ pea ke r in the David Ma rc Belkin 
l ecture Se rie~ . 

Belkin wa~ a Muir graduate 
who dIed 11\ 1978 ""llllc backpac k-
Ing In the Si e rra~ . The lecture ,cr-

ie ~ wa, c,tab1i,hcd In 1979 b~ 
fa nlll\ Ind fr iend\ a~ a memOrIal 
to Bel!.. ln. 

A(;cordlllg to Ledden , I· ulton \ 
art rCljUlre, ,ignificant vIewer part-
iC I)).tlion . 

" In h" art , he doe~ not ~Impl 'y 
im lie u~ to ,harc a .. bual eKpe-
nence " l.edden ~a ld . " H I~ ""ork 
dra", u~ Into it dl~cu "lo n I,r t 01 
the vl., ual experience and then of 

the meaning of that experience." 
Offering insight into Fulton 'S 

approach to photography, Led-
den added tha t Fulton "is very 
serious about what he does, but 
that seriousness is balanced by a 
kind of playfulness, a ki nd of 
whimsy." 

" Fulton is very se-
rious about what he 
does, but that serious-
ness is balanced by a 
kind of playfulness. " 

-Patrick Ledden 

In hi , lec ture ent itled "( he)AR T 
& SO(u)U ' Photogra pher', Per-
ce pllon of the Wi kl erne~,." Ful-
ton ,poke of hi, pe,.~()nal rela 
tmmhip 'WIth the environment a, 
well a, ~ol.letal att itudc toward 
the wildcl nc~,. 

l' ulton began 1m pre,.,C l1lall On 
wi th bnef commentarie, about 
e nvironment-related drtlc1e, from 
a vanety of puhl lca ll o n,. 1 hi ' wa, 
fo llowed by a slide show of hi S 
own work and tha t of other pho-

togrpahers, including such nota-
bles as Ansel Adams. 

Noting that "the outdoors has 
given and harbored everything 
that I know which is ethical and 
correct in my life," Fulton fre-
quently offered social commen-
tary dealing with aspects of the 
wilderness. 

"One of the main ethical thi ngs 
that I think will save wilderness 
and save people is . . . forewarn-
ings of population boom," Fulton 
said. Echoing a feminist senti-
ment, he explained that "unless 
women win more acces~ to family 
planning. ed uca ti o n, and em-
ployment , the wo rld 's population 
could almmt triple to 14 billion 
by the yea r 2100 

"Too ma ny wo men remain 
trapped becau~e of fu ndamcntal 
religon\ that keep wome n in bon-
dage and cultu ral .. al ue~ that put 
men firM ," he co nll nued 

1 ulton the n "lid tha t thl ~ wa, 
one ot the n1<lI1) "t hlOg~ we mu~t 
hra""areoL" 

"We l11u, t li nd trut h, educa -
tionally. hl'l toncally, a nd "nme-
dia tel) r abo ul ] v. hat I~ happenlllg 
today." he added . 

See At'THOR, page 11 

The UCSD Guardian 

Photographer 
And A uthor 
Continued from page 10 

According to Fulton, there are 
both positive and negative results 
of the search for truth. 

He beheves that the sea rch 
involves the understanding that 
"li fe is physical and death is men-
taL (We] have to engage [our-
selves] with all of that, 1 think, to 
find the truth in our own lives. 

"One of the great things about 
our country (is that] we're almost 
revolutionary . .. in how we have 
treated the wilderness. We have 
turned it into a lovely thing, 
something that we ca n under-
stand and sha re. We know fun-
damenta lly that it is the thing that 
makes us do everything. It is the 
metaphor for our whole life," he 
said. 

On the other hand, Fulton 
expressed disgust and anger to-
ward those who destroy nature. 
As he showed a slide ofa crushed 
beer can in the wilde rness, emo-
tion filled his voice. He asked, 
"Why do people do that? I really 
don't know. I'm not naive." 

Fulton, who for the past seven 
years has been the chairperson of 
the photography department at 
the San Francisco Art Insi tute, is 
the author of '2 Saunters: Summer 
& Winter, a book of nature pho-
tographyand poetry. 

Quoting his book, Fulton read, 
"Time flies and we are leaving the 
chaos of the city." 

Here Ful ton presented another 
theme in his work, the contrast 
between urban and rural living. 

" In our country, it's wonderful 
that we see the city as chaos and 
that we go to wilderness and are 
not afraid of it. Throughout all 
time, [humanki nd] has always 
seen the wilderness as chaos and 
has seen the city as order. It's a 
wonderful cha:lge . We must , I 
think, pay great attention to t hat. 

We are friends with this thing 
called earth." 

T he j uxtapost ion of two slides, 
one of the country a nd one o f the 
city, gave Fulton the opportunity 
to expa nd on the urbani wilder-
ness concept. 

"The most joyous thing is to 
perhap stay with your fami ly at 
Moonrise. This is a 9O-mile walk I 
took my da ughter on th rough the 
Sierra Mou ntains. It 's far better 
because this is what happens in 
the city," conc luded Fu lton, 
pointing to a slide of a graffiti-
covered wall . 

" One of the greatest 
things about our coun-
try is ... how we have 
treated the wilderness, " 

- Jack Fulton 
On the wall is a drawing of a 

large red spider in which Fu lton 
sees symbolic value. "(There is] 
confusion, the spider, the red 
spider. Who wants to be here? 
You wonder why everybody leav-
es the country. It's wonderful out 
there. They all go into the city and 
sit in slums." 

From the perspective of a na-
ture photographer, Fulton offered 
social commentary on ways to 
improve society. 

FEATURES 

" If we learn to live like other 
cul tures and adapt native intell i-
gence into our lives, I think we 
would have far better unities. )f 
we adapted more of our needs to 
the [amount] of water that is in 
the ground .. . and not import it 
all a nd live nat ura ll y, I think we 
wou ld have a far happier, more 
intelligent, rational society," he 
said. 

Severa l tudents who attended 
Fulton's lecture felt that it in-
creased their appreciation of the 
wilderness. 

Muir fresh per on Brent Davies 
viewed Fulton as "a good speaker 
and a very intelligent man. Be-
yond phptography, he had a lot 
of really good things to say. He's 
an artist, which really showed 
through in his lecture, ) thought." 

"I thought t hat his message was 
really important, "said Muir fresh-
person Karen Akiba. 1He spoke 
01] preserving the wilderness and 
seeing it for its beauty." 

For Fulton, the beauty of 
nature pervades all conventional 
bou ndaries . It is, he said , a meta-
phor for human existence. 

"We model everything after 
what's inside the jungles, what's 
inside the wilderness, how nature 
has clothed the earth. Our planes 
are birds, our houses are caves." 

Monday. May 22. 1989 11 

r------------------, I FREE CAPPUCCINO! I 
I Buy any small, medium or large frozen yogurt and I I get a delicious cappuccino dnnk freel I 
I ~;,. l I 
I I 
I I 
I Void wttII onv otMf Oller. I 
I Toppings not InducMd. Expire. 5/ 28/ 89 I One coupon 10 0 
I C:UtikM'nef' I <l ')1'0 V,/ioqll o· I d l ( 
I 'T' I Hours: 11-10:30 Mon -Thurs. I 11-11 Fri. & Sat. 10 I 
I 12-10:30 Sun. " 0 I ... ~~W· 
I (i~~~~~ ~:t~~ · .. boO I L __________________ ~ 

Editorial Positions 
OPEN 

APPLY NOWI 
The Guardian Is accepting applications 

for the following 1989·1990 pOSitions: 
Training Director - Responsible for recruit· 
ing and training of new writers. Lead weekly 
training seminars covering reporting and inter· 
viewing techniques. 
Associate Photo Editor - Assistant to Photo 
Editor. Share developing, printing, and managerial 
responsi bilities. 
Associate Arts Editor - Assistant to Arts 
Editor, Share editing, assigning, and page layout 
responsibilities. 

For more information, contact Seth Slater 
CALL 534-6580 

A Student Loan Company 
'As Unique As You Are. 

'V(I;th a name like EJucaid ,herc', 
IIn ly nne Ihtng wc C,111 dl'- 'I"lCCI,lit:, 
in ,rudent I"" n,. Thb 111,lke, Edlln lld 
un'que aml>ng ' luJent "'nd~r,. 
W.:: \ :c m,lJc H hu:ot ll'\c .... ~ ~ )f "t:f\' lc lng 
,ruJen!' ' pee',11 nC~lk It'> all wc 
,It>. Th", ', wh)' we' r,' rhe he". And 

d',H ' ~ why Y\ \lIl..:an depend on u" f ~l r 
[h31 ' re'C"t! , peNH' ,11 ",ueh "hen 
l' tl U necd ll . 

Eduealel knows you can 't waH 
lor your money. YIIlI n~L-J ,tllilli: . 
Fnnn the moment we n.·C~lvc \,() ur 
1".111 app"c"I,,'n. w~' rc r'ghting thl' 
d ock t. , gCI I' 'U your moncl £l:,J., 
Educald can save you money, 
tOOa Ynu dnn ' t Pity IIlIl'r l''\t IHl 
IIlICfl"'( wh,k' yU U'fl' u lntll1l1 ,llI) 
L·nrulk·d III '1lhnu l. Eduli lld 1. 1PI ~ 
!.IkC' Ihe tnlerc,' (add, ,t III the 
pnne,," '!) on \ our SLS II nl\ onLl'-
.11 g r " du.ltIl.1Il , 

Sc~ )'lIur Ftn,\lKIJI AIJ Ofiice . If you're 
citg,l->le tllr ,I t,llforJ Lu.m (G ' L) or an 
SLS, ,bk I"r EJue,uJ . Or glvc u, a c" II : 

~~~. 
S,ICr.ll11ClHn: (91 6) 446· 1626 
Toll Frec III CA: (800) 443 · 7667 
Out"de ' A: (800) 64 2·9955 
) 30 I ' Slrect, SllltC I CO·A 
S,Kr,llnL'nt ll . A 958 16 



12 Monday. May 22. 1989 

1 
1 
1 
1 
1 

BUYONE69C GET ONE 
FOR 

Buy any regular 6" 1 
sandwlLh and rf'ceu.J(l' 
o second 6" ~ndlJ..'Ic.:h I 
of equal or Jesser value 1 
for onl 69<:. Not 
vahd With dny olher 
orr.r SPires 5 31 89 

16780 Miramar Rd. behind Carl's Jr 
1 549-6969 I Op"n 24 Hour5 

~------------------~ 
CAREER OPPORTU1\ITIES 

Software Engineers 
QUALCOM M, I c. a young, rapidly growing leader in the 
digital commUnIcallon industry, ha several entry level 
positions avaIlable for Software Engineers seekIng the 
o pportunity to learn with our top-caliber engneering staff 
while benefiting from the outstanding advancement 
opportunities we can provide. 

Must be high I) innovat ive with a histor~ of educational 
accomplishments and possess a Bachelor's degree In 
computer science. engIneenng, math or phy ic . 
Programming experience, preferably In "C" or assembl} 
language. would be a plus 

QUALCOM "vi, I\,C offers career ad\'ancement, competitive 
alane!> and a full range of compan~ paid benefih that begin 

on your startIng datt:o 

Qual.flcd candidate, ,hllUld ,cnd their re!>ume to: 
Ql ALCO!\1\t, II'oC, Human Resources Departml'nt LT, 

10555 Sorrento" aile} Road, San Diego, CA 9212 1. 
Equal Opportunity Employer, 

$ MONEY $ 
Want a Summer Job 

that pays good money? 
• Make up to $30 an hour part· time! 

• Choose your own hours and customers 

• COmmiSSIOns paId immediately 

• Solt &ell approach -juS! let the customer try It 

• Gleat expenence for bU5111ess or mark ting 
rr1aJors 

• No Inve tment Required 

Call Russ John on at 
53 050 

FEATURES 

Peace Activist 
Mary Kaldor 
Continued from page )0 

"The effect of NATO were not 
to tem the tide of Stalinism but 
actually to reinforce Stalinism, to 
provide an argument which legi-
timized [the military presence of] 
the oviet Union in Eastern 
Europe," Kaldor ald . This wa so 
because "the Soviet Union could 
turn around and say, 'Look, the 
We t is arming against us. The 
West is a threat to us . You East-
ern Europeans have to do what 
we say.' " Kaldor added . 

The UCSD Guardian 

Herein lies E D's link between 
democracy and disarmament. 
According to Kaldor, "It's easier 
to help the democracy process if 
there's disarmament, if there isn't 
a Western enemy." 

Peter Messrobian uonhall 
"The arms build-up is an argument for continuing to oppress people 
In Eastern Europe," Mary Kaldor said, 

in Ea tern Europe." 

he is also skeptical of govern-
ment policy. "I sometimes have 
the feeling when I'm talking to 
establi hment people that they 
want oppression in Eastern Eur-
ope to continue in order to be able 
to ju tify their own positions ... 
The arms build-up is an argument 
for continuing to oppress l'eople 

Kaldor feels that E D has 
changed somc people's views 
about the disarmament process. 
"I think we really did cha nge a lot 
of minds. I think that a very large 
majority of the Western people 
now agree that democracy and 
disarmament go hand and hand . I 
think that many of the groups in 
Eastern Europe now agree that 

$ 

ADVERTISING 
Positions Now Open 

For Fall 1989! 

T he Guardian want you! Bright. self-motivated, energetic. outgOing. car-O\\ ning people are needed for the posillon of 
ADVERTISING 

REPRESENT AliVE 
COMMISSION PLUS BONUSES s 

CALL 534-3466 
YOUR ASSOCIATES 

DEGREE IS A 
LICENSE TO FLY 

With }our A.A. degree, the .S. ~a\y can give \OU the 
opportunit> to. 

• Receive the best flight trai ning in the world 
• S21.(J00 per }ear, $36.000 after 4 "ears 
• Opp()rtunlt~ to com plete B A. degree 

To qualify: 

American troops don't stop Rus-
sian tanks in Hungary or Cze-
choslovakia and that, on the con-
trary, they provide an argument 
[in defense of] the presence of 
Soviet troops in Eastern Europe," 

The bottom line, according to 
Kaldor, is twofold. Fir t, people 
must accept that the West is as 
responsible for the Cold War as 
the East. Second, she believe that 
disarmament can be achieved only 
through the West's active partici-
pation in the process of democra-
tization. 

"There is a tendency in the Uni-
ted tates to think that we can 
wait and ee what happens in the 
Soviet Union ... The West has a 
responsibility to support the de-
mocratization process in Europe, 
and that means being flexible 
about disarmament, beIng ready 
to give up short-range nuclear 
missiles, and being ready to pro-
vide economic aid." 

Chemical 
Weapons 
Continued from page 10 

once argue that the Soviets would 
never agree to our treaty terms, 
which included <,n-site verifica-
tion, Robinson explained. Now, 
however , on-site inspections, 
"quite out of the question" in 
years past. are being discussed, 
according to RobInson . 

The chemical weapons issue is 
treated as ifit were an East-We t 
issue, he said, which is another 
problem. Treaties are negotiated 
as if the is ue is chiefly between 
the U.S. and the U.S.S.R., when 
che mical weapons are actually 
used, for the most part , in the 
r hlrd World , he continued 

A chief question , he ~aid, wa' 
"h [a trea ty] verifia ble')" 

• A 11\ d\,OClate\ degree or .2 YCil r\ of college 
• 2(,01 hetter GPt\ 
• 20 20 \ I,ion 
• (Hlod phY'ILalcondlllOlI 
• SIngle, no dependent' 
• "-lax. ,'g 24 

"Wc're starting to put that I behll1d us." Robinson said "sce, 
ing that there\ no questIOn of 100 
pcrcent 'vcnfiCdtlon." One ,hould I vit:w a treaty, he said, .IS a hilrter 

I deal giling up toda\ \ \\.orld 
fot .I future "dlsarma-ml'nt re-

( all \1-1 9 ... m.·4 p.m. for fu rthl'r Informatiun, 
1-800-222-6289 

NAVY OFFICER 
\hu ar r.omorrow. 
You are the Navy. 

gime." Pcople mu\t examine the 
\alllC 01 the thing the~ arc trdding 
a\l.iJ~, according to Rohin\on. "It 
doc n't ,ecm \l.e'n: gi\ing up \er~ 

Itlu~h'" 
I SOIlIC rnell' h 'r, of the c,lInplis 

Intcfllilt.oll,I1 \ff.m'> Croup ,It· 
'cnded the It:cture, lIlil \\ III (II -
CI1~ PIC 1'''IIl'S r,ll\cd at thcIr next 
meeting Oil \1.t ) 25 .It 7. 0 pm In 
the Peppel ( am on I od 'C 

The UCSD Guardian 

GRADES 
Continued (rom paRe 3 
courses that have been legally 
repea ted more than once, to cal-
culate averages or determine eligi-
bility, should desist." 

This recommendation is consi-
dered advisory and not binding, 
and the departments have not 
abided by it. Mossham mer, in a 
conversation with Finlan, said it 
was his opinion that the campus 
was taking the position that the 
regulation was open to interpreta-
tio n pending approval of the 
amendment by the systemwide 
Senate. 

Mosshammer has changed his 
positon since the CRJ ruling. He 
said that since the original grades 
for repeated cour~es remain on 
the student'S transcript, even 
though they are not used in calcu-
lating the grade-point average, he 
now believes the Senate regula-
tion was not designed to remove 

San Diego'eleacling 
outcloor event 

epecialiat is now hiring 
for part·time summer 

work! If you are 
energetic, creative and 

enjoy working outdoors, 
we have a variety of 
positions available. 

Call 587·1717 for 
more info. Catering 

poaitiona alaol 

all disadvantages from the student. 
Dean of Engineering Lea Rudee 

said that the CRJ ruling was only 
advisory and ex plained that fol-
lowing it would be at the discre-
tion of individual departments. 

AMES department chair Dan-
iel Olfe, said the recommendation 
was discussed, "but not in the 
context of 'do we follow this or 
not?' .. 

Olfesaid he feels that the problem 
lies in calling the calculation a 
"grade point average, "and not that 
the departments are considering 
repeated courses. 

The repeated classes are a small 
part of the overa ll admission deci-
sion, and many other factors are 
considered, he said. 

When it gets down to a deci-
sion, "a department has to decide 
which stude nts are capable of 
handling a difficult major ... we 
do the best we can with whatever 
factors are in the record," Olfe 
said . 

NEWS 
The amendment the CEP has 

proposed to the systemwide Sen-
ate, Cox said, is to clarify the 
Senate regulation and give explicit 
permission for a department to 
consider all grades when review-
ing a student's course work . The 
amendment was approved by the 
CEP last February. "It was ap-
proved unanimously, which is 
highly unusual," Cox said. 

"Unanimous in a manner of 
speaking," undergraduate CEP 
representative Michelle deFazio 
said. "Students [on Academic 
Senate Committee] do not have a 
vote on the committee." 

DeFazio said she does not dis-
approve of the engineering depart-
ment's actions, but does feel that 
they violate the Senate regulation. 

The CEP was "finding a loop-
hole" when they ruled that the 
Senate regulation only referred to 
the grade-point average on a 
transcript, she said. . 

After CEP approved the 
amendment, it went tothe UCSD 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kinko'S' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 VIII. La Jolla Dr. 

Academic Senate, where it was 
also approved. 

Undergraduate Representative 
to the Academic Senate, Alina 
Zirino agrees with Finlan that the 
Senate did not consider negative 
student input when making its 
decision. 

"I feel like I came into that 
meeting two weeks too late," she 
said. "It had been discussed [at 

Monday. May 22. 1989 13 

subcommittee meetings], and 
people had already decided on 
their vote." 

The approval of the system-
wide Academic Senate is the last 
step the CEP amendment needs 
to become part of UCSD regula-
tions. If it is approved, the engi-
neering department will be per-
mitted to consider both grades in 
repeated classes. 

ETHNIC: Staff Disputed 
Continued from page 7 

He said that if he becomes 
aware ofa first-rate person,a spe-
cial request for the position will 
be made "regardless ofthe ethnic 
background. H 

Lin said, however, "there just 
isn't anyone else out there that 
even comes close ... 

The availability of courses in 
Asian-American studies at UCSD 
in 1989-90 hinges on acceptance 
of the offer made to Kim and 

CAR ALARM 
A UTOPAGE 
ENFORCER 

CODE ALARM 
"Just locking your 
car isn't enough" 

Kennedy Auto 
Electric 

565-6145 
4855 Ruffner St. 

San Diego, CA 92111 

10% Off with thi. ad 

CAP's deci~ion regarding Omi's 
appointment to ethnic studies. 

Lamenting Nakano Glenn's 
withdrawal, Chen said, "We 
needed her more than she needed 
us." 

Further faculty department 
efforts will be hampered by Lin's 
planned 1989-90 sabbatical. 
Others on the advisory committee 
expressed frustration, and it is not 
known if a new search will be 
necessary. 

PUT 
RACISM 

TO 
REST 

PartiCipate in the rally to( 
Cultural Unity Day 

of Awareness 
May 25. 1989 

on Revelle Plaza 
12 p .m.-4 p .m. 

The University Center Board 
is taking suggestions for a 

name and logo for the new pub. 

Suggestions and/or artwork should be 
submitt~d to EDNA by 4 p.m. June 2nd. 

The last chance for organizations to receive space for next year 
is now. A very few spaces remain, Applications are due Friday, 

May 26th at EDNA by 4 p,m,· 



_14~M~o=nd=ay~. M~~~2=2. _19_89 __________________ ~~urrD~~~ ______________________________ __ 

The University Bookstore Apple Days Sale 
Six specially priced systems! 
Offer good for a limited time only. 

April 26-May 31, 1989 

$920 
Regular price: $1040 

$3495* 
40 Mb hard drive 
Regular Price: $3850 

Questions about the Macintosh? 
Come to the Apple Days information 
seminars at Mac's Place. An Apple 
representative will be on hand to 

demonstrate products and answer questions. 

May 23 & 25 11:30 a.m.-l:30 p.m. 
Mac's Place, Price Center 

'Co'ntact the Univers'itY 'Bookstore Computer Center 
for order forms and more information. 534-4291 
Only eligible full-time students, faculty and staff 
may purchase computers. Urnit one per customer. 

$2028 
20 Mb hard drive 
Regular price: $2246 

$4550* 
80 Mb hard drive 
4MbRAM 
Regular price: $5005 

$3182 
40 Mb hard drive 
Regular price: $3505 

$5049* 
80 Mb hard drive 
4MbRAM 
Regular price: $5550 

Also specially priced software, 
accessories, printers and more! 

All systems include keyboard and mouse 
(Extended keyboard for SE/30, Hex and IIx only) 

*Monitor must be purchased separately. 

University Bookstore 
CUll! ~[OJ 

The UCSD Guardian Monday. Mav 22. 1989 1S 

, . : .. \,. (. 



. . 

16 Monday, 

GET INVOLVED WITH 
STUDENT GOVERNMENT!! 
VARIOUS POSITIONS ARE 
NOW AVAILABLE: 

-Sun God Festival Chair 
-Parking Committee Representative 

-AS. Parliamentarian 
-AS. Financial Controller 

-AS. Lobby Annex Director 
• AS. Judicial Board Chair 

• UCSA Representative 
·University Center Board - President Representative 

-Sports Relations Director 
-Director of Development 

PLEASE APPLY IN PERSON AT THE A.S. OFFICE, 3RD 
FLOOR, PRICE CENTER. 

Stu~ent OrganlzatlOn$ 
S.C.A.N.S.- Professor POlich will address the current trends in neuros-
cience, specifically where the discipline is headed, as well as where will 
the current generation of students fit in, on Thursdoy, May 25th in Room 
6AB at the Price Center beginning at 4:00pm. Professor Polich is currently 
involved with EEG/MEG Research on brain activity. 
Philoi-Undergradutate Philosophy Club - Dr. Zola-Morgan of the Dept. of 
Psychiatry and the Chairman of Animal Subjects Committee will present 
a talk , "The Issue of Animal Welfare: Fact vs. Fiction,' on Thursday, June 1 st 
in the Price Center Theatre at 4:00pm. 
Committee in Solidarity with Palestine - On Monday, May 22nd at the 
Price Center Plaza from Noon - 1 :oopm , there will be a cultural-informa-
tional event in support of the Intifada (the uprising in the West Bank and 
the Gaza). There w ill be poetry reading, music, information tables. On 
Thursday, May 25th at USB 2722 beginning at 7:30pm, Sen. James 
Abourezk will present a talk, 'Change in U.S. Policy in the Middle East.' 
Pan hellenic Council - Sorority Information Night will be on Thursday, May 
25th at USB 2622 beginning at 7:00pm. 

1989-90 A.S. C2uncll Offlc~ Hoyrs 
President: John Ramirez - M/F 12-2,3-6; Tu 2:30-4 
V.P, Administrative: Alex Wong - T/Th 10:30-11:20; M 11:30-1 :50; 
W 4:30-6:20 or by appOintment 
V.P. Finance: Anders Roede - M/Th/F 12-3: W 12-3. 4-5:30 
academiC Affairs Commissioner: Darin Malloy - T /Th 11-1 ; F 12- 1 :30 
Communications Commissioner: Mike Holmes - M 8-11. 5-6: W 12-2: 
F 10-3. 5-6 or by appointment 
Public Relations Commissioner: Benny Singer - M 10-1: W 1-3 : 
F 10-12 or by appOintment 

J.!nlv!!r~!1):: Cen1~r 6Qard CQmml~~IQn~r: Jason Carbone - M/W 3-5: 
F 11-12 
Student Advoca1!!: Bard-Alan Flnlan - M 1-3: W 2-3: 
Assistant Hours - T 4 ·5; W 4-6: Th 4-6: F 1-4 
Fifth SQphQmoreSenator:John Edson - M 12-1;T/Th 2-4:W 5:306:30 
f!rth Fr!!shman Sena1Qr: Julian Lin - M/W IF 3-4 
Muir SwlQr SenatQr: Colin Donahoe - Th 9-11 
MulrJunIQrS!!r!:>tQr: KathyOh - M/W/F 12-1 
Muir Sophomore Senator: Agustin Orozco - M/W 10·11 
Muir Freshman Senator: Estee Holliday - W 1-2: F 11:30-1 
Revelle JunlQr Senator: James Reiner - M/W 2-3 or by appointment 
Revelle Freshman Senator: Molly McKay - M/Th 2 -3: Tu 1-2; W 5-6 : 
F 3-4 
Third Junior Senator: Larry Becker - W 5-6:30 
Third Sophomore Senator: Ruben Duran - T 3-5: Th 3-5:30 
Third Freshman Senator: Gloria Corral - T 3 -5 
WilD:eD Senlo[ Senator: Lisa Flaig - M 4-5 : T/Th 4:30·5:30: F 12-1 

T, G, on May 26th 
in front of the Gym Steps 

4:30 - s: I 0 Malaikas Dance Co, 
S: J S - 7:00 King Arthur D.3, 

Come enjoy the sight 
and sound!! 

Come celebrate the difference!! 
Assorted Vinyl will be open 

Monday - Friday, 10-7 

Name the New pub 
The University Center Board is taking suggestions for a name 
and logo for the new pub. Suggestions and/Or artwork 
should be submitted to EDNA by 4 pm on June 2nd. 

Attention student Organizations 
The last chance for organizations to receive space for next 
year is now. A very few spaces remain, Applications are 
due by Friday, May 26th at EDNA at 4 pm. 

Warren College is having a Semi-Fonnal 
Warren College Student Council 

Brings back "THAT OLD BLACK MAGIC" 
May 27, 1989 

Price Center Ballroom 
Tickets are on sale at the Box Office 

$20 per couple/$12 Single 
For more information call Lisa at 552-8702 or 534-4450 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

~ Editor Wantedll : 
• :AppH~ nOW fo .. the poSitiOn of edlto .. fo .. the: 

:A.S. New5~et te", A~So ayallal:l~e a .. e poSitiOnS· 
:a5 w .. 1 tfng and p .. oduotlon aSSiStants. Contant: 
: La .... ~ Benke .. In the A.B, Oftloe fo .. fu .. ther· 
:info .. matlon: 334-4430. AppBloatlon dead-: 
: Hine is Wedne5da1}, Ma~ 26th at 6:00pm. : 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Attention Student Or~anizatlons 
Enter the University Bookstore's 
Commemorative Poster Contest 

Thc winner will have his/her artwork incorporated into a 
commemorative poster, and will be awarded $250 cash plus 
a deluxe Rembrandt OU Set. Entry forms and contest rules 
are available at the University Bookstore. All entries must be 
received at the Un1versity Bookstore by June 2, 

(Paid Supplement) 

The UCSD Guardian 

How to enter: 
• Send the entry on an 8 1/2" by 
I r piece of paper along with your 
name. year in school. the col/ege 
you attend at UCSD, major, 
homelOwn, address, and phone 
number to Sports Editor, UCSD 
Guardian, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. If you prefer, you may 
drop it off in the sports editor's 
box at the Guardian office, located 
just southeast of the Humanities 
Undergraduate Library and next 
to the Che Cafe. 
• All UCSD students, slaff and 

faculty are eligible 10 enter, except 
for Guardian staff members and 
employees of B.l .·s Chicago 
Pizzeria. 
• The person who comes up with 

the most correa answers will be 
declared the winner, and will be 
recognized when the quiz is 
printed thefollowing Monday. In 
the event of a tie, a drawing will 
be held to determine the winner. 
• Only one entry per person. 

• Winners will receive two $5 gift 
certificates redeemable at B.J. 's 
Chicago Pizzeria, located in the 
La 10110 Vii/age Square Conven-
ience Center. 
Entries must be at the Guardian 
by 5 p .m . Saturday. 

Asian/Pacific Student Alliance 
proudly presents its 
Third Annual 

Graduation Banquet! 
Come say your "Thank YOllS and goodbyes" 

Friday, June 2nd, Price Center Ballroom 

Must RSVP by Friday May 26 
Call 534-2048 for information 

SPORTS 

Sports 

Trivia 

Quiz 

li VIDEO RESUMES 
~i Unlimited 
~; "Because actions speak 
~: louder than words" 
:~ ITS NOT TOO LATE to 
:~ get ahead of the class 
~ DO YOU NEED HELP 
,: landing your first real 

~ job? 
~i We hcmt an innO'l<Xtt,e 
:; way ta approach the 
.: job market 
'. :: ~ '.,m_ t1Dlim1ted 

:~ 7380 Cla1remont Me59 Blvd 
:: Ste. 208 
:: Ac:r HOWl can 576-2290 
............................................. : ............ : ........... . 

0000000000000000 

This week's questions: 
I. How many touchdowns did 

former Minnesota Vikings 
quarterback Joe Kapp throw 
in a game against the Colts 
on September 28. 1969? 

2. Who holds the N H L record 
for games in his career? 

3. J . B. Carroll piayed his col-
lege ball where? 

4. What was the name of the 
San Jose State men's basket-
ball coach who was recently 
fired? 

5. Mariner outfielder Jay 
Buhner played for what team 
before being traded to Seattle? 

6. How many times did tennis 
star Rod Laverwin the grand 
slam? 

7. Jockey Laffit Pincay Jr. won 
just under $4 million in 1974 
(true or false)? 

8. Where does Eddie Bird, Lar-
ry's brother, attend college? 

9. What is the name of Stan-

Monday, May 22. 1989 17 

ford 's base ball field? 
10. What is the official name for 

the place where the Lakers 
play basketball? 

This week's answers: 
I. The Phillies 
2. Atlanta Braves 
3. Lynn 
4. The light bulb (Chicago's 

baseball team was not called 
the Cubs until the early 
1900s.) 

5. A) One 
6. 101 
7. Greg Swindell 
8. Jerry Reuss 
9. The Crazy Crab 
10. 26 

Last week 's winner: 
Don Elder 
Grad Student - U.S. History 
Marshalltown, rowa 

No. of correct answers: 8 

GRADUATES 
The Raldenee Ian by Marriott La Jolla 

$89°~:t.x 
YOUR BIG DAY IS JUST AROUND lHE CORNER! Make resetVlltions 
early for your incoming family and mends al Ihe Residence Inn by 
Marriott La JoUa. 

They wiD enjoy spacious one and two bedroom suites with fully 
equipped ltilchens and living rooms. Also, they can treat themselves 

10 our complimentary breakfa. each morning. 
til. ..... dllll:8 ... '" .... I.aJola, located 
just 1/4 mile south from UCSD on Gilman Driw 

'Rale based on double occupancy In our one bedroom suite 
8901 Gilman Drive LajoOa, CA 92037 (619) 587-1770 

00000 
o HOURS ac"s ace LOCATED 0 O Sam-Ilpm M-F in Price Center 

. . IOam-6pm Sat Second Level o 12noon-6pm Sun 534-0860 0 
0000000000000000000000000000 
: Your NEW Campus Computer Lab!! : 
o 0 
o 0 

~ 0'" v '.~ 
o 0 
o 0 
o 0 
o FEATURING .5 r~r, 0 
o ~~ ~~~ ~se~ ~~e 0 
o II~~~~~ J~ Im:~:~tter 0 
-0 printing ," 
o 
o 
o 

Bring In This Ad For Free Software Guided Tour 

o 
o 
0·" " 

-



, I 18 Monday. May 22. /989 

Bryan Bilyeu/ Guardian 

Whltewa.h - After dominating opponents all season long. the 
Tritons were brought back to rea lity in a 9-8 humbling by UC Santa 
Barbara in the championship. game yesterday. 

Goff 
Continued from pale 10 
player representing the Triton 
squad with an average of 80 
strokes. Knee edged Matt Stott-
ern for the final position. Stottern 
surprised everyone this season by 
challenging fora posit ion with the 
Triton's ational-bound Varsity 
golfers. 

W ith five golfers representing 
each o f the 20 teams in addition to 
20 at-large entries, there are a 
total of 120 golfers entered in the 
tourney. They will be competing 
both for thei r teams a nd for indi-
vidual honors. 

The T ritons clinched a berth to 
Nationals with their perfo rma n-
ces at the end of April agai nst Cal 

State San Bernardino, Redlands , 
and La Verne in a match at Tor-
rey Pines and at the Point Lorna 
Nazarene Invitational. 

W. W-Polo 
Continued from page 20 

Brenda Reiton and Jamie Dai-
ley led the Tritons with two goals 
apiece. Crawford , Christy Parker, 
a nd Kristen Larsen added one 
goal each, while goalies Jefi 
Paulsen paced the defense with 
five saves. 

T he sport's All-American team 
was announced a mid the tour-
nament fest ivit ies. Crawford was 
named fi rst team All-American. 
Paulsen and Reiton were picked 
to t he second team. 

SPORTS 

Baseball 
Continued from page 20 
nislaus tallied single runs in the 
seventh, eighth, and ninth innings 
to overcome a I..{) Triton lead and 
emerge with a 3-1 victory. Grey 
Wakefield's RBI single in the 
eighth pro"ed to be the game-
winner, and Stanislau added an 
insurance run in the ninth on two 
Triton errors . 

J .J . Fisher (7-2) took the loss 
for the Tritons, but was victim-
ized by a non-productive Triton 
offense which stranded 10 runners 
on base. Fisher only walked two 
bailers, but one of them came 
home on Wakefield's single in the 
eighth. Mike Sapp picked up the 
win for tanislaus. 

UCSD took the l"{) lead in the 
second inning when shortstop 
Brian Crawford doubled home 
Henry Jimenez. Catcher Gene 
Northway, who was on first base 
when Crawford doubled, was 

thrown out at the plate trying to 
score. 

In the second game. which was 
the opener of a doubleheader on 

aturday, the Tritons managed 
seven hits but could not get any of 
them to count as they were 
blanked 4"{) by Stanislaus pitcher 
Paul Roberson. Rick Rupkey 

(10-5) took the loss for U SD. 
Heading into the nightcap, 

UCSD knew it could no longer 
afford to lose another game in the 
Regional - it had to win the 
second game of the doubleheader 
in order to force baseball action 
on Sunday - and then it had to 
win both games on Sunday. Sun-
day never came for the Triton . 
Stanislaus scored four times in 
the fourth and took a lead they 
would not relinquish. The Tritons 
came within a run at 6-5 in the 
seventh, but Stanislaus scored 
seven times in the eighth - four 
on a grand slam by Craig Heuter 
- to put the game and the season 

No If., and. or bub about It - UCSO's baseball season is over 
after Stanislaus brought out the brooms this weekend. 

~- --- - ------------ - ---------------

away for UCSD. 
The game was a sloppy one for 

both teams as J 3 total errors were 
committed - seven by Stanislaus 
and six by UCSD. tanislaus col-
lected 18 hits, three of them on 
doubles by raig Baize. Baize 
gave Triton pitcher fits all day, 
go 109 five-for-nine in the double-
header. Mike Morgan (4-8) suf-
fered the defeat in the nightcap. 

The Tritons finished the year at 
23-19, and are ranked eighth in 
Division Ill. 

Are you denying 
yourself 

a Detter shot 
at grad school? 
Okay. il may be 100 late 10 

get a 4.0. But It'S nolloo late 10 
Iry 10 do better on your LSAT. 
GMAT. GRE. or Me AT. For that . 
there's Sianley H. Kaplan. 

No one has prepped more 
students Ihan Stanley H. 
Kaplan. Our test-taking tech · 
nlques and educational 
programs have prepared 
over 1 m illion sludenls 

So whatever grad school 
exam you're taking, call us. 
Remember. the person next to 
you during your exam might 
have taken a Kaplan course 

1 KAPLAN 
SIANUYH KAPl.ANEDUCATIONAIClNTBUIO. 

DON'T COMPEIT WlTI-I 
A KAPLAN STUDENT- BE ONE 

4780 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 92117 

(619) 277-6744 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~~~ 

IF.§.~ A.S.U.C.S.D. LECTURE NOTES 

I 

. - UCSD DRINK SPECIAl S 

$1 00 !?:!~~~D~!i~gl~!o~~n!: 
and house call on premium and domestic draft 

FREE 
HUNGRY 
HOUR 
BUFFET 

MON.-FRI. 
4-8 pm 

with this ad 

"Sexy Legs" Contest every MONDAY 
Cash Prize5. 

H unSry Hour Buffet Mon - Fn 4-8 pm 

LA JULt.A .,\\arriott. 
'all l,:m o/rrnhl,.. (' 7 (",Jorr:'/., 

This coupon IS redeemable (or 
FREE COVER CHARGE FRIDAY 

or SATURDAY 

FUN, FOOD &. DRINK t~ 

• DJ Be DANCING BEGIN AT 8 
• VALIDATED PARKING 
• MON.-SAT. $1 DRAFT All 

NIGHT w/ COllEGE 1.0. 
( Musthc .. ) 

TORREY'S - A SAN DIEGO NIGHTCLUB 
LOCATED IN THE LA JOLLA MARRIOTf 

4240 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE 
LA JOLLA, CA 92037 

(619)587-1414 EXT. 6220 

I 

t 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

--------- ----------------------~ 

These classes are available: 
Antrho 1 0, 22 History 2A 

i AMES 10 Phil 13,27 
Bio 1, 10, 15, 101 , 107, Physics 1 A, 1 8, 1 C, 2A, 

III 
131, 141, 156 28, 2C, 5 

Chern 4, 6A, 68, 6C, 140A Poli Sci 1 0, 11 , 1 2 

CSE 62A, 70 Psych 1, 2, 101 , 103, 105 

Econ 1 A, 1 B, 2A, 4, 1 OOA, Social Science 10A 

101 , 11 OA, 120A, 120B, 

133, 140, 15, 170A, 171, 

172A, 172C, 175, 179 Soc 1A, 7 

Monday, May 2l. /989 19 

CLASSIFIEDS 
----------_____________________ ~ljcrD~~~~---------------------------
Classified advert ising IS sold in l5-word Incremenls 
The rale per 15 words is 51 fOI sludenls. 53 fOI 
facully and slaff. and 54 for olherl Payment in 
advance is requ ired, therelor~ ads musl be mailed 
with a check (payable to Ihe UCSD Guardian) 01 
preset1led in perSlln. Please have mcl change. Dead· 
lines are 4 p.m. Thursday for Monday's issue. 4 p.m. 
Monday fOI Thursday's issut The Guardian resems 
the right to refuse any advertising including bol not 
IImiled 10 comranionshiP ads. For more informalion, 
call 534·5416. he Guardian. UCSD. 81116. La Jolla. CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
AFS. EF. YFU? Are you a lore'gn exchange sludenl 
returnee? Lei S Create a club Just for youl Share 
experiences become an orKtntatlOn leader, and 
meel With loretgn students Come 10 an organlza -
honal meellng Wed 5/ 24. 7 P m Prrce Cenler Rm 
7 Inlo call Shannon 558· 7000 (5122) 

Hardcor8 Film Productions presents a student him 
and "dec relrospectlve Wednesday. May 24 at 
830pm ,nTLH 107 52 00 al the door (5/22) 

VIETNAMESE CHRISTIAN FELLOWSHIP Come 
and lOin us at our flrSI meettng on ThurSday 5/25 6 
pm al Revelle Informal Lounge All are w Icome 
Relreshmenls w,1I be served (5/25) 

Sororrly Informallon N,le '5 Thursday. May 251h In 
USB 2622 al 7 pm (5/22) 

Alpha Kappa PSI presents ·Co,ns Across Campus" 
Froday May 26 9 a m ·3 p m 10 benefll Ihe Alpha 
Prolecl (Aiding Homeless,n San Doego) Brrng your 
loose c hange and cont ribute to the hne of change 
thai Will extend trom Revelle Plaza 10 Ine 
Hump (5/25) 

Today s leopardy answer It s brg and small and w,11 
be flung aU over campus In 8 days' Slay tuned 10' 
more'(5/22) 

A TIENTION GOLDEN KEY MEMBERS Un,versoty 
Toastmaster CIUO wOUld liKe 10 extend a special 
inVitat ion 10 you to attend a meeting and hear one 01 
Iherr two guesl speakers FREE INVESTING IN 
YOU FUTURE' May 23rd. and HOW TO RUN A 
MEETING May 30th See ad In Announcements 
section tor more Information (5/22) 

Parliamentary procedure a mystery to you? Come 
learn H owlo Run A Meeting' . a speCial speech as 
part of our regular WeeKly meeting Come JOin us 
-lJr1M!rsrtyToastmasters Tuesday May30lh MAAC 
Conference Room 111 A. across from the Price 
Cenler al 530 p m (5 / 221 

UniverSity Toastmasters pt'esenls In\l9stlng In 
Your Future," as par1 01 our regular 'ooII.ook'y 530· 7 
poll meeting Jean Oouglas Will Qtve thiS educa 
IlOnal speech - come JOIn us on Tuesday. May 
23rd u" MAAC Conlerence Room 111 A. across 
from me Pr c'" Center l5 '2Z) 

frorr 

FOR SALE 
Ha~ ng BII\p tOI sale I 68 P,ns'elle SLX 57cII1 
F ,11T'e NIH ShlfTlCl'lQ sao ;Jroup C I ,-snltl $1"1111'800 
J raACtl dlpless I COals" If ~~ hardiy been rldOen 
nuSl sell l S~OC Cd I"e 1;'1lh e'¥t,nHlg~ 558 0754 

orr, Of ~"e," II oU'! n t15ke $non Dr'! I..ampus 
All, I St. ", 5 22 

Smoo' ,,) NOIllull Xs. $90 HO".1. Spree seool , 
$200 B 101 Jena k)a 1f d MOVIng KenOfQ 792 
9647 ',2 

S(;Uba na~ler AI paCk: Alum 80 lan~ .." 1\11115 and 
nt"lll S 1C womar'\s ¥'t'et !tull $100 fJ'lOIl .. lgrdpt'IC 
neQat ~ '!Jtoucnlng maChln $350 !ef'n 221 
80124 

MUST SELL TWin Bed. large dresser w / m"ror 
desk. night stand 2 bar stoots full -length mtrrOf. fan 
bean baO cM " and glass lOP d,nene sel 1><1 / 4 
challs 535· 1624 Lea ve message (5/30) 

For Sa le Red Kramer ElectriC GUitar and WaShburn 
Amp $350 obo Call Steve 558· 7708 (5/ 22) 

For Sale 1965 Mustang. 289 V·8 aulomallc. power 
6leeflng. diSC brakes factory air $3500 546-
1579 (5/ 22) 

MOUNTAIN BIKE - For Sale 550 or besl offer Gan 
Steve aI558·7189 (5/25) 

1986 Suzuki SamuraI Conver1tble great'01 summer 
45K, blue With custom PlnstrJp, AM/ FM. Inc Btku"ll 
Top - MUSI See $4.200 obo Call Ralph al 
558· 1618 (5122) 

Relrrgeralor For Sale 36 22'. 20' Greal for Dorm 
Room 85$ abo Call558~82 10 (5125) 

1983 VW GTI - XLNT cond,lIon. 60.000 m,tes. 
blaCk. sunrOOf. cassetle slereo. $3950 000 Cal 
452·2925 (5 / 22 ) 

Surfboard 67' Arrow Thrusler ex cond $200 
Compul er Kevboard 575. mOMor 565 558· 
1203.(5 / 22) 

Kelly PaCk. $65. t O·speed N,sh,k,. 560. 3 b,ke bags 
(2 rear and handlebar), $75, bass gUitar. amp. case 
and cords 5250. Walkmanesques. offer BoO 29t · 
8238 leave message (5 / 22) 

TWin Mallress Never Used $20 SchWInn Unocycte 
SIlver Bach Trumpel No Denis Nalhan 455-
8299 (5/22) 

PC TECH AT rully IBM compal,lJje Inlel 80286 
processor. 12 MHz I 0 walt runs al 16 MHz 640K 
RAM 1 2 MB 525" Aoppy. 40 MB M,nrscrrbe Hard 
Ortve, dual floppy/dual h ard drive controner, Her· 
cules COmp"l,ble mono graphiCS. Packard Bell 12 
"' rgh res ttl monitor With IIl1 /swl'wIm base. Keytromcs 
t Ol keyooara Parallel POo plus sohware aM one 
year paOslla"'" $1155 Call PC TECH al 223· 
'701 and as1\. about our 386 and XT machmes 
100(5/22) 

Fa, Sale Kenwooo DP M97R CO Player 6·d,sc 
Cnanger remOle Cal Pele 558·8117 (5/25) 

Tw!n Bed Exlr. FIrm Ma"ress and Boxspnngs 
AbsOluleiV Perfeci cond,l lOn $100 Call Kale al 
4570627 (5'22) 

T,ckels (2) One way San DregoSanJose May 27 
$30/ea '272-2486(Msg)(5 '221 

MACINTOSH Memory upgrade I d ,nstall on Slle 
Run Hypercdrd Multthnder, etc Pnnter 1 OO~ 
Imagewnler I compallbfe but taster better featured 
1 yr warrant.ed Also drive. mOdem. elr None 
Cneapert J,m 558·1949 (5 25) 

197B ChrySler LeBaron 2 or Runs perfecl Needs 
pa,nt 5500 53:;·0884 Dave. Leave Message 535· 
0884 {5'251 

WANTED 

as nceos mendl\- 1l0lrva:eo peOple 
Ol .. SIncss i eXltle 11 r~ ~41 

Oel~rcl ana nn an a."ertl' nQ rm I IQ tt...r 
n'erns ~SAP Conla~1 CalTll e uclor j 263 
31171' ~o' 

Pan -lIme oHlce work T ypno fdlng phones elc 
Fnendly alrnosphere FleXible hours Minutes trom 
campus Computer and/ Of telemarketing expe· 
,,"nce O'g plus $525·$6 95/hour Need rel,able 
person Ga ll 558 6263 X32 1 (5/2S) 

Summer Jobs Busooy wall COCKlad pt ltl Applyal 
Valle Rose Reslauranl Del Mar 481B86t (6 / 8) 

Person Friday 'Of UCSO prOfessor In family home 
ottlCe. overlooking Torrey Ptnes Park $7 per hour 
Intelligent. crealt\le, flel(tble Sell -starter tor wide 
tanoe of respon S·blhtl8S from computer data Input 
to runn ing errands Must haVe car, computer ablll· 
ties (preter MaCintosh) 15·20 hOurs aCademiC 
year, full·t lme summers, With expectalions to Slay 
for a: least one yeal Submit resume With referen 
ces and phone numoers and cOUege grades 10 
Gerald,ne W,nkler. 465 H.dden Pines Lane Del 
Ma, CA 920t 4 (5/25) 

Models. slim & fu" figure no expenence necessary 
,mmed,ale 1N0rk. good pay Gab 284·5095 (5/2S) 

Models. Dancers Female F'gure. BOUdO". Longer", 
For Busy Refe"al Serv,ee Must be young. $lender. 
attraCtive , reha~e Full or pa rt tJme Oay and night 
shifts a\lallable. must have car and phone 8ccellent 
Earning POlenl,al Cell For apPOlnlmenl Mrs Me" 1I 
423-4322 or 456·0388.(4/ 22) 

Bodyguard Ortver For busy ref9fral serVice Martial 
At1s EKpeflence helpful Couneous own transpor -
lal,on Reliable Excellenl dJIIllng record Day and 
Evemng Shifts avaIlable Excellent EarnIng Palen -
lIal Call For APPOInlmenl 423·4322/456·0388 Mr 
Mead (4 / 22) 

Nonn Counly Inlaod Conserval,ve Synagogue 
needs afternoon religIOUS schoot teachers tor Sun 
day School and mod week 10 sian September t 989 
Cell erlner 485·7110 or 487· 1621(5/22) 

HEY'" Anybody whO WITNESSEDlhe PROTEST al 
Ihe grand open,ng 01 lhe PRICE CENTER please 
call the UCSD FREE SPEECH LEGAL DEFENSE 
COMMITIEE 24 hour. a day al 558-6476 It 5 
URGENT"'(6 I) 

Sales I Telemarketing (2) Summer poSItions ava I· 
able tor students With markellng and mtCrocompu~ 
ter skills Jam Atech Software In an exciting and 
Challenging role Convenient CarlSbad localton 
Earn S5·$13/ h, Call Howard Grann,ck 438· 
5004(6 II 

ReceptIOnist Summer poSttlon With Aneler Tectl 
nolegles 8 computer software development com-
pany In Carlsbad M ust be well organized pay 
all entlon 10 detail and have good pnone manners 
$6 nour Mka Carpenter ~38-5004 16 1 

$$SOFTWARE TESTERSSS Alecn Soltwa'e. a 
leader In software development fOr homes ottlces 
seeking siudenl> wllh PC MS / OCS and appl,ca 
lions software elCperlence Con .... eOlent Carlsbad 
tocatlon $r,-7, hr Full Of Part-lime dlJong summer 
break and lOf school year Can Barb D,eyer 
438·5004 (6 ' ) 

SERVICES 

HOUSING 
Gt'l ~t tOf ne .. tlall 2' btll.Hoom 2 bal "t ocea~t'~n! 
UllOO ,n Pa III Beacn l!j",nor~ paf l\lng sa ... na 

J:1. ~~ ...... m oar fIJU" tutl't$1"ICJ $t WO rnonih ~dl 
48~g 1c l'V In ,6 1) 

--~-~---
, :J I In COO!.h)'r 
Fema~ $_"5" 

Ntce house In Del Mar w/ poOl, own room 
5350 1 me pillS 1/ 3 ulIl, lIes Available 61t 6·appro. 
9/ 21 755 6492 (5125) 

Roommate wanted (malellemale)11I Own furnshed 
bedroom tn a SpaCIOUS 4 bedroom condO 10 min-
utes trom campus Washer/ dryer cable TV jacuzzI. 
pool and 3 cool roommates'l Everything needed to 
twe '" luxury a must seel $3 t O/ mo no ullilties Cal 
Steve al 271·681 1 or leave a message (5/22) 

A dream come lruel Ha \l8 your own room In large 
Clalremont house tor 3 people tota l Two bedrooms 
ava,labie July 151 - 5270 and 5285 Brg grass 
backyard Close to campus, stores banks free-
ways everything l.Jvlng nnlng Famlty Junk and 
M USIC rooms Call JOhn Fleming anytime (late-ISh) 
lor more ,nfo 273·21 45 leave message Galt now 
Delore end of May (5 / 22) 

Summer Rental - QUiet own room snare ntCe 
upSlalrs apt With grad student Non-sm 8f 
Female prelerred Reasonable rent. La Jolta 
453· 7407 (6/1) 

Masler Bedroom For Renl For T we Large Balhroom. 
two SinkS, walk -In closet garage. PQOf spa waSher 
dry&t', a CtOSS from Friday's lor summer $270 each 
Galt Doug 558·2011 (6 / 8 ) 

Summer Room Near UCSO Api w / cable pool 
$380 Pete 452·3219 (5/25) 

I Bd, apt lOf rent MISSIOn Bay very qUIet dose to 
\:JCSO Ireeways beaches 5450 581 -2835 (5/ 25) 

StaYIng near UCSO thiS summer? La Jolla Teffece 
CondomInium for fenl trom June 18 10 Seplember 
15 Completely furniShed. With two bedrooms two 
bathrooms P<>Ollacuzzl. garage. washer and dryer 
dish waSher mICfOW3\1e. televiSion and balcony 
FI'w'e minutes from campus St 300 · mo Call 
558·2327 (5/22. 

Own room lor renl In La JOlla Co10'l)' Male O'lly 
$300 , montn plus ull A\l8,lable June 20 (nrough 
stat1 of tau Quarler only ASk lor Tom 587 
215415'22) 

ROOM FOR RENT LA JOLLA COLONY A·,a.,ao e 
beginning of June Call 535 1624 Leave a 
message 15/30. 

Summer Renla A lallable - La Jolla Oet Sol -2 
bed 2 bath - fully furrushed - ~_ garage patiO 
$900 . month plus uUllttes mlO June-earry SeP-
lember Gall Ra,ph S58 IBt8,5 221 

FALL RENTAL Norln M,ss,on Beac" , 2·3 Boo· 
rooms Oceanfront, ocean \flew Of one btOCK 10 
beach AI: furnished & mlcrO INa .. ·e $600-$1500 
pe'monlh 488·9249 or 485· 7319 (6,8, 

Female 'oommate wanted tor house In Oa,rmanl 
area $305orS215ptus 1/4 uh!,lIeS Wasrter Dryef 
Clot"lesr ne Easy gOtng communIty type nousenOid 
S08CIOllS blflt1g CO".1ltlons W". reCvC!e JSl1a,' 
o ., 

PERSONALS 
ATIENTION' If you. are .nlereSled .n a CORREC· 
TlONAL COUNSELOR I posilion Wllh lhe Calilorma 
Depanmenl of CorrechOns anend Ihe followong 
,nlormal presenlallOn Mav 25. 1989. 9 a m·Noon 
Caleer Services Center Conference Room For 
further IOformahon conract Cheryls nn Mendonca 
al (9 16) 739·2985 

The ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP PROGRAM IS now 
accepllng appt.cal lOn. for FALL tNTERNSHIPS 
trom students who Will not be .n San DIego tnlS 
summer Typtcal placements Include cllOlcal psy-
ChOlogy laboratory tine and applied ans, law 
cot'f'lmUrllcatlons compUler sctence. real estate 
development, plannIng. and enQlneenng See us 
,mmedlalely al 406 MAAC (5125) 

DebOte. please lell Chrtsiy thal lhere's gOing 10 be. 
party at 330 p m Tue May 23rd al Stonehenge 
Everyone 's Invnea, and tneres go.ng to be free 
cake and dnnks It 's Ihe annual Revelle College 
Humanities ReceptIOn celebrallng rhe compfettOn 
ofanOlherf"",·quaner Humanrtres sequence (5/22) 

HEYI. AnyboOy wno WITNESSEO lhe PROTEST al 
lhe grand openrng of Ihe PRICE CENTER please 
call lhe UCSO FREE SPEECH LEGAL DEFENSE 
COMMITIEE 24 ncurs a day at 558·6476 li s 
CRUCIAL" 

DON T WEIGHTI We II pay 25 people 10 lose up 10 
25 Ibs .n Ihe next 30 daysl Dr Recommended 
I O~ nalura 100% guaran leed Call Kalle 
565-8696 (5/25) 

Hey Thlld Conoom Gram Sale Extended - rhos 
ThurSOay al Noon $1 Off,ce Resloenllal Ufe (5/22J 

Calnl - Soronty Information Nlgnt tn,s Thursday at 
7 p m Sounds Great

' 
nl meel you al USB 2622 -

EI,zatlelh (5 22) 

F"ends 01 Cheryl Persle; please call 452-2801 0' 
792·9128 or 535-9488 Tn,s 's nol a 10kelll s urgenl' 
5·221 

C"eryl PerSky - You 11 Always be remembered In 
our healls and our memories and most Irnpor1an11v 
you 18 gOIng 10 mlSSeo - LO'w'e A I 01 Us 15 221 

A TIENTIONI It YOu afe Inre'esleo (\ a CORREC· 
TlONAL COUNSELOR I poS,1 on ",In Ine Cahlorn,a 
Depanmenl of Correct ons attend the fOllow1flg 
Informa presentation May 25. 1989 9 am-Noon 
Career ServIces Center Conlerence Room For 
lut1her InformatIon COf'lact Cnerylann ~endonca 
al !9t 61739·2985 

ANYONE wno was 3! Ine Pnce Center ounng tne 
April 21 S~ dernonslrot.ol" can 291·4906 The Free 
Soeech Legal Defense C!)rllfTltttee needs wItnesses 
'or tne l.rSI IUCICla caarO meeting this ThurSOa'r . 7 
p al the Mi..lf Dean S ottlce 

SHE:\ OL OI.\ ,\tO"'O 
BU.,In"" \lanar;a 

\IICHAEL f'OI U';S 
41.h ['IIHIn~ Vuna 'r~r 

\11 "E: \1 .\RTJ H 
"',bt'rlulng Dtj "In,-, 
• (UGH H.' It\ 

.... "Hrll Iflg -1 utan' 
JH~ ~\ \10 

.f,!w·rfJj'n£ R~pre t nfaln'e 
JO PI!IICU., 

-1UH.'r/alng Hel"e,~",all\·t! 

The l <. "'U Guardllrl 
B·Olo. I • Jail • • (" Q2I1Q.\ 
I:d.IO".t 161ql "'-b~8U 
8u)ine!\) ; (oI9~ ~.\".,l4oa 

You can be a pain 
in the neck. 

Or back snoLJlder nip But tr,e qUlckes: 
way to rei let may be thrOI,gh our modern 
Chlrooracllc elm :: 

Practicing a full range 0 treal'l'en's 
... t , l'''g 'hd la~e~' eqltlpmenl provlde5 
YOu Ihe bes~ pos;:,lble care 

1\11 I'lSll'ance cor panles ag'ee ha's 
vl-Jv f yOu re " J'ec 0u' co,'erf'd 

v sured vOu' cover~ ~ by Ou' 
nc -prob'e pa llen 0 an 

Get ng t') 'r,e f" e .::>1 Y u' prvb er'1 
.s what Qui care s al aDOU! . 

)R r. 'V\'ARO SHORl 
CHIROPRACTIC CENTER 

OF LA JOLLA 
451·1173 

--------------------------

$' ~ va UC Ca' '0' 

NEW PATIENT SPECIAL 
Includes nilia examlnallon eport 

o flnolngs X·rays (I needed 
op ,ntmen' 452·~2'13 EXOI'es::r?' 7 89 L _________________________ _ 

I 
I 
I 
I 



20 Monday, May 21, 19 9 

_______ S_--'~2D~~T S------
Stanislaus Dumps 
Tritons in Three 
Straight Games 

Baseball Knocked 
Out of Regionals 

By PHIL GRUE 
Sports Editor 

A week and a half ago, thing looked 
optimisticfor UC D sports. The women' 
tennis team hadjust captured the Nation-
al Title, oft ball was heading off to Mich-
igan a the favorite in a three-team 
Regional to advance to the World Series, 
and men's tennis was ready to take on the 
competition at the Division III Nationals 
in Kalamazoo, Michigan. In addition, 
after much debate, the ba eball team was 
elected to play in a two-team Regional 

at Cal State Stanislaus. 
How quickly thing change. 
Calvin College eliminated oft ball in 

the double-elimination tournament and 
Kalamazoo knocked men's tenni out of 
contention in the first round of the 

ational last week. This weekend. Cal 
State Stanislaus hut the door on the 
Tritons ' baseball season by sweeping 
UCSD in three straight in a be t-of-five 
series at the Division 111 We t Regional 
playoffs. Stani laus advances to the Col-
lege World Series in Bristol, Connecticut. 

Women's Water 
Polo Goes Under 
In Title Game 

UCSB Takes Nationals 
After Crawford's Miss 

By BRIAN ITOW 
Contributing Sports Editor 

After floating atop the world of 
women' water polo for most of the sea-
son, the Tritons finally hit the bottom of 
the pool when they were defeated 9-8 by 
the UC Santa Barbara Gauchos in the 
National Championship game yesterday. 

The Tritons had one gasp of air left 
with 30 seconds remaining. They regained 
possession of the ball and moved it down 
to the Santa Barbara end of the pool to 
play for a tie. 

Becau e of goal differential (net goals 
in all tournament game ), a tie would 
have given the Triton the National Title. 
The Triton held the ball for 22 econd 
looking for the hot that would have 
given them the crown. 

With eight econds left in the contest, 
Carin Crawford found that opportunity 
- firing a shot that sailed ju t wide to the 
right. The miss ecured the champion-
ship for U SB and relegated the Tritons 
to econd place for the econd consecu-
tive year. 

The Tritons, however, were not com-
pletely overmatched in any of the three 
games - they averaged 10 hits per game 
- but could not pull off a victory and fell 
3-1,4-0, and 13-7. 

In Friday's first game, Cal State Sta-
See BASEBALL, page 18 

The Tritons ran into a brick wall this weekend - after a long-awaited berth to 
Regionals was awarded to them, the Tritons were promptly ousted from further 
post-season play by Cal State Stanislaus. See story at left. 

UCSD opened the game by jumping to 
an early 4-1 lead. The Gauchos battled 
back to pull within one at the intermis-
sion, 5-4. They tied the game in the third 
period, and then out cored the Tritons 
4-3 in a wild fourth quarter to win the 

See W.W. POLO, page 18 

Tritons Begin Nationals on Monday 

Golf Takes to the Green in Iowa 
By BRIAN ITOW 
Contributmg Sports Editor 

The Tnton golf team IS the seventh UC 0 
quad thl quarter to be traveling to po t-

season play . But it IS not the seventh Triton 
team to head to post-season with a strong 
belief that it can actually win it all. 

In fact, the Tntons and all of the other 
chools competing have all but conceded the 

, ational Title to Cal State Stanislau when 
the action begins tomorrow at the Lake Pano-
rama Golf Club in Panora, Iowa . 

UC D's Head Coach Mike Wydra des-
cnbed the Stanislaus players a "linebackers" 
who play far and above the caliber of others 
on the Division III level. Cal State Stanislaus 
is once again the heavy favorite to win the 
tournament it has dominated in recent years. 

The Tritons are expected to compete with 
the other 18 teams for second place in the 
four day event. Five golfers from each team 
will compete in the four round, 72 hole com-
petition, and their combined core will give 
each team its final total. 

U SO will be led by ophomore De in 
Thomas. who averaged 75.5 strokes for the 
season . Senior Ed Tischler will be the No.2 
player. entering the tourney with a 76.5 aver-
age. Sophomore Gary Bong will tee off from 
the No.3 po ition, having averaged 78.0 
stroke for the season . Senior team leader 
FritL Reber will be the No.4 player with a 
78.5 average, and Bob Knee will be the fifth 

See GOLF, page 18 

Sophomore Matt Stott ern was an unexpected 
asset to the Tnton golf team thiS year - despite 
being one player away from making the trip to 
Division III Nationals 

Upcoming UCSD Intercollegiate Sports ... 
What 
Golf 
Track and Field 

Who 
Nationals at Panora, Iowa 
Nationals at Naperville, IL 

When 
May 22-26 TBA 
May 24-27 TBA 

PHIL'S PRlklE PICKS 

By PHIL GRUEN 
Sports Editor 

( Phil is currently 19-12-1) 

Who will win the Major Indoor 
Soccer League Championships? 

Favorite 
San Diego 

Spread 
I game* 

Underdog 
Wichita / Baltimore 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS ... It's that time of the year 
again. It's in the air. Everybody can feel it. Yes, it 
seemed like ages, but the Major Indoor Soccer League 
(MISL) Championships are finally upon us, and our 
beloved San Diego Sockers are in it once again versus 
either Wichita or Baltimore. Oh boy oh boy oh boy. 

orne body please, plea e tell me who to root for. I 
care as much for the sport of indoor soccer as I do for 
a fishing competition. The sad thing i that there are 
actually people who appreciate indoor soccer - I've 
heard that some people actually take their date to 

ockers games. I don't know about you, but my idea 
of fun doe not include paying money to ee little 
imported men playing pinball inside of a shoebox. 
Not only that, but the team is led by guys called 
Noriega and Jungle (or i that N oguiera and ZunguI?) 
- either way, it sounds more like a drug ring than a 
occer team. Real, outdoor occer is a great port, but 

this indoor stuff has got to go . I think it's inevitable 
that PHIL ays ... 

WHO CARES 
"Off,cldl"n. from the (,oldm Artht's. K,"~,b"dg •. NV 


