
Inside •.. 
• OPINION 
• HIATUS 
• FEATURES 

sP(urrs 
BGIF: Past 
and Pr.esent 

IIIATCS 
Marsalis Brings 
Jazz to UCSD 

FI~\TL'HES 
Fifth College's 
First Year 

~--------------------------------------------~----------------------------~ 
The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 68, #3 THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER~28J 1989 

Sexual Harassment 
Policy Under Revision 
By MARY BE'ITY HEARD 
StajfWriter 

The UCSD Chancellor's Com-. 
mittee on the Status of Women has 
drafted a recommendation for 
change in the bylaws of the Aca-
demic Senate on the procedure for 
reporting sexual harassment. 

According to Pat Kitcher, as-
sociate professor of philosophy 
and chairperson of the Committee 
on the ~tatus of Women, the pro-
posed revisions would make the 
procedure of reporting cases of 
sexual harassment by faculty 
members more streamlined. 

take the place of the individual 
officers. The members of the 
committee would serve for two 
years. 

Kitcher is also recommending a 
program to explain the recom-
mended revisions in the bylaws 
and to educate UCSD students on 
sexual harassment. 

"It doesn't make any differ-
ence if we change the [policies] if 
the students don't know about it," 
Kitcher said. 

'1bere are too many people to 
go through [to report har1tssment] 
. . . the procedure will be more 
simplified. more straightforward." 
said Kitcher. 

In response to the Committee 
on the Status of Women's recom-
mendation, the University hired 
Nancy Wahlig to be the coordina-
tor of the Student Safety Aware-
ness Program. 

Wahlig said she provides sex-
ual harassment education to gradu-
ate students, undergraduate stu-
dents, supervisors of student em-
ployees, staff members and the 
faculty. 

Two fraternity members collect canned goods for San Diego's homeless during a dance held 
the Price Center Ballroom as part of Interfraternity Council's 1989 Fall Rush. 

Presently, the Academic Sen-
ate bylaws provide for the appoint-
ment of complaint resolution offi-
cers who are "authorized to hear 
complaints and to resolve them in 
conformance with applicable poli-
cies and procedures of the Univer-
sity of California." 

"Everyone knows the blatant 
forms of sexual haralment, like 
'an "A" for a lay', bat they don't 
know the subtle forms," said 
Wahlig. 

because they fear their po&ential 
careers will be ruined if they bring 
sexual harassment cases against 
faculty members with whom they 
work closely. 

She also said "the faculty was 
unwilling to discipline its own 
members, because they felt it was 
a personal thing. It is not a personal 
matter, it is a professional matter. 
The students feel powerless." 

First Meeting of Year 
According to the Academic 

Senate bylaws, undergraduates are 
supposed to file complaints with 
the college provosts. Graduates and 
professional students file com-
plaints with the deans. 

Kitcher said that the complaint 
resolution officers only handle one 
case every few years and therefore 
are slow to take action. 

One of the proposedrecommen-
dations is to create a five-member 
complaint resolution committee to 

"I don't think people realize 
that sexual jokes and sexual innu-
endos can be construed as sexual 
harassment," she continued. 

According to Wahlig, graduate 
students, especially females, are 
most likely to be harassed by a 
faculty member. 

"Grad students feel so threat-
ened .. [they wonder] is he really 
coming on to me or am I being too 
sensitive?" Wahlig said. 

Kitcher also pointed out that 
graduate students feel powerless, 

Wahlig has printed II pamphlet 
on what to do in case of sexual har-
assment which can be obtained at 
the Student Safety Awareness of-
fice in Student Center B. Accord-
ing to Kitcher, the proposed rec-
ommendations by the Committee 
on the Status of Women will be 
submitted to the chancellor within 
the next few weeks. 

By JAMES MULLINER 
Contributing Writer 

In the first A.S. meeting of the 
year, Monty Kroopkin of the new 
indicator newspaper charged A.S. 
Advisor Randy Woodard with in-
tentionally freezing payment to 
the paper's printer. 

Borderthink, a publication cre-
ated by various alternative media 
on campus, was published over 
the summer. The printer never 
received payment from the A.S., 
and Kroopkin complained that 

Roger Revelle OK After Heart Operation 
By RANDY OOTINGA 
Senior StajfWriter 

Professor Roger Revelle, after whom Revelle 
College was named, returned to work this week 
after recovering from an operation to implant a 
pacemaker in his chest. 

Revelle, 80, was hospitalized at the UCSD 
Medical Center in Hillcrest on Sept. 10 after 
suffering from hean failure. 

Revelle was suffering from a build-up of fluid 
in his lungs caused by a slow pulse rate. 

Doctors imphmted a pacemaker in his chest, 
which raised his heartbeat from 50 to 80 pulses 
per minute and anowed his lungs to clear, Revelle 
said. 

Revelle was released from the hospital on 
Sept. 16, and returned Monday to work at his 
UCSD office, although on a reduced schedule. 

Guardian File photo 

Roger Revelle --Recently released after a 
hospital stay. 

"I'm in pretty good shape now ... I feel 
good. I don't feel any problem at all," he said. 

Revelle, director of Scripps Institute of 
Oceanography (SIO) from 1950-1964, was an 
important force in the establishment and 
growth ofUCSD. As a tribute to him, the first 
coUege at UCSD was renamed Revelle Col-
lege. 

Now director emeritus of SIO and a profes-
SOl' of science and public policy at UCSD, 
Revelle has spent recent years teaching politi-
cal science and science, technology and pub-
lic affairs classes. 

He has also taken part in two fact-findina 
missions to Africa, to identify native African 
scientists and institutions which could work 
toward finding sustainable food and water 
resources there, according to his ecretary 
Christa Beran. 

Woodard's actions reflected his 
dislike of the publication. 

Kroopkin asked that the printer 
be paid and an investigation into 
due process violations be initiated. 
Kroopkin voiced concern over 
future problems of trust with the 
printer as a consequence of the 
frozen payments. 

Woodward said that payment 
was not made because the printer's 
bill was received July 17, after the 
June 30 closing of the A.S. fiscal 
year. He had not been aware of the 
project until the bill came in. 

Woodard cited prior bills that 
had been paid after the closing of 
the fiscal year, but added that the 
respective organizations had con-
tacted him prior to June 30 about 
payment. 

Vice President Administrative 
Alex Wong said that a committee 
formed to look into the matter 
would meet this Friday. 

Also during the meeting, A.S. 
President John Ramirez reported 
that an all-campus study center 
located at the old bookstore will 
open October 14. The center will 
remain open from II a.m. to 8 p.m. 
Ramirez said he is trying to make 
arrangements for a 24-hour study 
room to be available to students in 
the future. 

Plans for a combination recrea-
tion/events center on campus are 
still under con ideration. Two ites 
on the northern portion of campus 
are being con idered. 



News elips 
( UCNEWS) ( SPOTLIGHT) 
UC Regents Consider Cutting Ties 
With ~Ivermore Laboratory 

The UC Board of Regents may decide to sever ties 
next year with the controversial Lawrence Livennore 
National Laboratory, UC President David P. Gardner 
said yesterday. 

The board must make an "infomled decision" next 
year whether to continLie managing the Livermore facil-
ity and two other national laboratories for the U.S. De-
partment of Energy, Gardner said at a meeting on the 
UCLA campus. 

Recent incidents of drug use in the Livermore lab 
have dra·..,n the UC administration's oversight of the top-

secret wClipons lab under fierce public scrutiny. 
Lawrence Livennore Director John Nuckolls told the 

Regents earlier this month that laboratory officials have 
stepped up security and anti-<irug efforts since he took 
charge last year. . 

"I've seen [recent] changes," Regent Board Chair 
Roy T. Brophy said. "I applaud those changes." 

But Brophy added that the Regents should be aware of 
incidents that occur in the Livennore facility rather tr..lm 
learning about them through the media. 

The Regents are scheduled to vote next September on 
whether to renew the University's current contract with 
the federal energy departmenl that expires in 1992. 

By Steve Mar\cowitz 
Th~ Daily Californian 

UC/China EAP Study May Resume 
Despite current political uncertainty in China, UC 

Education Abroad Program (EAP) students may be study-
ing again at Peking University as early as next spring, 
according to Peter Wollitzer, assistant director at the 
University-wide EAP office in Santa Barbara. 

EAP officials have canceled the program's 1989 fall 
semester in Beijing and Nanjing and replaced it with 
alternative study plans in Taipei, Taiwan, and Hong 
Kong. 

"We're waitins and watching." Wollitzcr said. "Before 
any students return tb Beijing, we'll look at safety and at 
what kind of academic and educational envirl)nment 
there will be." He thinks the current situation may offer 
students a unique opportunity to do comparative studies 
by spending half their year in Taiwan or Hong Kor..g ~"d 
half in Beijing. 

Fellowships OtTered In Bio-Sciences 
The Howard Hughes Medical Institute will be award-

ing 60 fellowships for full-time study toward a Ph.D. or 
Sc.D. degree in biological sciences. Awards are for three 
years, with extension possible for two additioOaI years of 
full support. Stipends will be $12,900 annually, effective 
June 1990, and an $11,700 annu~ cost-of-education 
allowance will be provided to the fellowship institution 
on behalf of each fellow. 

The fellowship program is intended for students who 
have completed less than one year of graduate study 
toward M.S., Ph.D., or Sc.D. degrees in biological sci-
ences. Students who hold or are pursuing medical or 
dental degrees may also be eligible to apply for fellow-
ship support for study toward the Ph.D. or Sc.D. 

Telephone (202) 334-2872 or write to Hughes Doc-
toral Fellowships, The Fellowship Office, National 
Research Council, 2101 Constitution Avenue, N.W., 
Washington, D.C. 20418. 

World AtTairs Council Series Begins 
The World Affairs Council of San Diego and UCSD 

Extension begin a series on "Learning and Teaching 
World Affairs", to be held Thursday evenings from Octo-
ber 5 to November 9, 1989. All sessions meet at the 
Institute of the Americas, 10111 North Torrey Pines 
Road, from 7 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. The October 5 speaker is 
to be Dr. Mary E. Soley, YP, National Programs, Foreign 
Policy Assn. Her topic will be: "Teaching and Leading 
Groups on Global Education.". For more information, 
call the WAC at 235-0111. 

National Science Foundation OtTers 
Graduate Fellowship 

In order to improve the human resource base ofsciell(.;C 
and engineering in the United States, the National Science 
Foundation (NSF) plans to award approximately 850 new 
three-year Graduate Fellowships in March 1990. These 
fellowships will be offered to individuals who have 
demonstrated ability and special aptitude for advanced 
training in science or engineering. 

NSF Graduate Fellowships are awarded for study and 
research in the sci~nces or in engineering leading to 
master's or doctoral degrees in the mathematical, physi-
cal, biological, engineering, and social sciences, and in 
the history and philosophy of science. Awards are also 

cAS th.e LJor\d burh) By BRENDAN MURPH¥ 

I;:; 

Oh great. now you 're peeling - I told yo.u to use sunscreen . 

Brendan Murphy is a Muir junior, The Guardian welcomes student submissions. 

! t d b " $ 55 
-

made for work toward a rel:ea.'Ch-based Ph.D. in science 
education that requires a science competence compa-
rable to that for Ph.D. candidates in those disciplines. 

The deadline for filing Fellowship Application-Part I 
with the Fellowship Office, National Research Coluncil, 
is November 9, 1989: the deadline for filing Fellowship 
Application-Pan 2 is December 8, 1989. 

Prospective fellowship applicants may request initial . 
application materials by writing to the Fellowship Of-
fice, National Research Council, 2101 Constitution 
Avenue, Washington, D.C. 20418, or telephoning (202) 
334-2872. 

Soviet Art Exhibit Shown in La Jolla 
The American Institute of Graphic Arts/San Diego 

will present a vibrant exhibit of up to 100 contemporary 
Soviet posters--the largest collection of posters from the 
USSR ever to be shown in this country- as part of the 
San Diego Arts Festival, beginning Oct. 22 

The exhibit, at the La Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art, will extends its stay beyond the festival's three-
week time-frame to January 7. It will then travel to other 
cities in the United States. 

The show offers the public a rare glimpse into the 
cultural, social and political realities of modem-day 
USSR. With their strong design, graphics and vivid 
colors, these posters- never before displayed outside 
the Soviet Union-not only offer a striking look at Soviet 
art, but a unique view of Soviet life. 

The poster exhibit will be open Tuesday and Thurs-
day through Sunday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and on 
Wednesday from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. Charge is $3 for adu Its 
and S 1 for students and seniors. 0i UCSD NEWS] 
New Bookstore to Be Dedicated 

The University Bookstore will celebrate the dedica-
tion of its new store during the entire month of October. 
The kickoff week for the celebration, to be held October 
3-6, will be highlighted by author autographings and a 
computer fair. 

The celebration officially begins on Tuesday, Octo-
ber 3 at 1 p.m. when Chancellor Richard Atkinson will 
dedicate the bookstore. A reception follows in the book-
store lobby. All UCSD students, faculty and staff are 
invited to attend. 

Some of the more noteworthy events of the week 
include a forum for students on textbook publishing, a 
book signing by bestselling author Oliver Sacks, and an 
audiovisual presentation by Dr. Heinz-Otto Peitgen, 
world-renowned researcheron fractals. For more infor-
mation call 534-READ. 

Indian Dancers To Perform at UCSD 
The American Indian Dance Theater, the nation's 

first such national company, numbering more than 20 
Native American dancers and musicians, will perform a 
program of traditional dances to live music, at 8 p.m. 
Thursday, Oct. 19, in the Mandeville Auditorium. 

Among the dances included in the presentation will be 
the Fancy Dance, once called the War Dance, an elabo-
rately costumed and theatrical ritual; the Eagle Dance, a 
gracefu I and beauti ful tri bute; the Women's Fancy Shawl 
Dance, a northern tribal display of colorful shawls and 
graceful movement and the Shield Dance, a spirited 
combat display. 

Tickets for the event bre $12 for general admission 
and $8 for students and may be purchased from the 
UCSD Box Office and from TicketMaster outlets. For 
infonnation call 534-4559. 

Career Center Sponsors 
Professional/Graduate School Day 

On Monday, Oct. 16. UCSD students interested in 
graduate or professional school will get a chance to visit 
with admissions representatives from graduate and pro-
fessional schools around the country at Professional! 
Graduate School Information Day. This event, hosted by 
the Career Services Center, Offic~ of Graduate Studies 
and Research and the School of Medicine, will feature re-
cruiters from a broad range of programs, including 
international affairs. health professions, and academic 
degree programs. Representatives will sit at information 
tables in the Career Services Center plaza nd answer 
questions between I I a.m. and 2 p.m. For more informa-
tion, call 534-4939. 

Thursday, September 28, 1989 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Ph.D. Shortage Predicted In U.S. For the Year 2004 
By BRIAN TORRES 
Guardian In/~rn 

Experts are predicting a short-
age of Ph.D.s throughout the U.S. 
by the mid 19908, due to increases 
projected in both student enroll-
ments and retiring faculty. 

According to Julie AM Sosa, a 
Princeton graduate Who, with for-
mer Princeton President William 
G. Bowen, authored a recent study 
titled 'Prospects for Faculty in the 
Arts and Sciences: A Study of 
Factors Affecting Demand and 
Supply 1987-2012', a shortage of 
PH.D.swouldjeopardizcthequal-
ity of education in the nation's 
universities. 

"If this country is going to be 
experiencing severe shortages of 
graduates with Ph. D.s, then I think 
that has terrific implications for 
the quality of higher education" in 
core disciplines such as English, 
history, physics, chemistry ana 
mathematics, Sosa said. 

UCSD Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson, in a speech given to 
UCSD faculty, agreed with Sosa, 
saying that the shortage of Ph.D.s 
in the fields of science and engi-
neering alone will have "devastat-
ing consequences for colleges and 
universities and for busi~ess and 
industry." 

"An increasing number of aca-
demic retirements is anticipated, 
beginning in the next four to five 
years and continuing through the 
end of the century," he said. 

Atkinson also pointed out that a 
burgeoning of student enrollmellts 
at universities, starting around the 
year 2000, will further increase the 
need for Ph.D.s. 

"Beginning around the year 
2000, while colleges and universi-
ties are scrambling to fill positions 
created by faculty retirements, they 
will suddenly be faced with in-
creasing enrollments," Atkinson 
said. 

Atkinson said that, due to the 
increasing need for faculty with 
Ph.D.s, demand for science and 
engineering Ph.D.s in academic 
sectors of society will almost 
double between 1988 and 2004 to 
about 8,500 per year. 

According to current studies 
cited by Atkinson, there will be a 
deficit of 6,000 Ph.D.s per year by 
2004. Yet even this projected need 
is an underestimation, due to the 
fact that a large percentage of those 
people who receive Ph.D.s in the 
United States are foreign and will 
leave the country upon graduating, 
he said 

"Since 5,000 of those new 
Ph.D.s will be granted to non-U.S. 
citizens, it is certain that not all 
12,000 will be available for em-
ployment in the United Stales. As 
wodins co~tions improve in 
other countries, a decreasing per-
centageofforeiSD-bomPh.D.swill 
remain in the United Stales to make 
up the shortfall between demand 
and supply," Atkinson said. 

According to Atkinson's re- ate women and minorities, more . also have the ability and desire to to Sosa. 
port, those individuals who will acti ve recruitment of undergradu- fonnulate independent ideas and Atkinson recommended an 
anain their science and engineer- ates by graduate faculty for gradu- pursue them. This requires origi- increase in funding, suggesting the 
ing Ph.D.s at the tum of the cen- ate school, and summer research nality, creativityand a willingness establishment of a National Fel-
tury, when the demand for them programs as ways UCSD is en- td take risks. lowship Program for graduate stu-
suddenly starts to accelerate, are couraging interest in graduate "If you don't like working on dents. 
currently in junior high school. programs. your own, if you like just taleing "A fellowship of $25,000 per 

Atkinson commented that it is "Ten years ago ... you didn't class and trying to get a grade and year for four years of study would 
therefore important that the strate- have to work that hard to get a do not have your own ideas and do be a strong attractor for potential 
gies be deVeloped to raise this number of outstanding students to not like doing research, then Ph.D. students ... the cost of such 
age group's interest in Ph.D. at- fill your slots in graduate school. [graduate school] is probably not a program at steady state would be 
tainment. But now, because universities are for you," McDaniel said. $300 million per year. This is a 

The same situation is true for all out competing with one another According to both Atkinson and small investment for the United 
those individuals who will be for the relatively small number of Sosa, it is urgent that steps be taken States, given the seriousness of the 
attaining Ph.D.s in the humani- students who have shown an inter- to increase the level of support for problem," Atkinson said. 
ties and social sciences, said Dr. est in graduate school, we're work.- graduate students. While Sosa also said that sup-
Richard Attiyeh Dean of Gradu- ing harder at it," Atti yeh said. Sosa also emphasized that cer- port at the federal level should 
ate Studies and Research at Unlike the undergraduate mode tain qualitative changes need to increase to graduate education, she 
UCSD. of learning that consists only of occur to increase Ph.D. produc- emphasized that graduate funding 

UCSD is already trying to course wod, graduate school con- tion. needs to become a coordinated 
increase interest in graduate sists also of research. These changes include reduc- effort between universities, foun-
school as an option for larger Acrording to Professor Tim ing the amount of time it takes to dations, and the federal govem-
numbers of undergraduates, said McDaniel, chairperson of the acquire a Ph.D., which can now ment; the federal government does 
Attiyeh. humanities department at UCSD, nm over 12 years, and diminishing not necessarily need to be "a big 

Attiyeh mentioned the faculty students not only need to be the number of students that drop player ... in providing increased 
mentor program for undergradu- strongly motivated, but they must out of graduate school, according funds for graduate students." 

THIS PARTY WILL KNOCK 
YOUR SOCKS OFF. 

We're celebrating the dedication of the University Book$tore for the entire 
month of October. You're invited to ioin the fun. 

Dedication Celebration KickoH Week - October 3-6 

WINI 
Fantastic prizes Include 

-textbook scholarship of $250 
- mountain bike 
-co player 
- Macintosh Plus computer 
-t-shirts 
-VCR 
-and much more! 

Watch for more datans! 

-

-

BOOKSTOI{E 

• 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thunday, September 28, 1989 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SE1ll SLATER, Editor in Chief 
OA vro WYNER. Managing Editor 
OA VIO BURKHART, Opinion Editor 
ANTON BnTNER, News Editor 
CATHERINE OIl1..E, News Editor 
n..~ is pu/ltisIIod 1Wicc.....aJy .. doc UIIi...., of~ s.. Diep. c-CIge9, Views..,.......s ..... _ .... mo,jorilY _ of doc edItorioIloon...s ..... _,_ 

oflheUC_ofR_docASUCSO_lhe_G __ . 

Impossible Dream? 

A Chemical Arms Ban 
President Bush's proposal before the United Nations General 

Assembly to work towards a ban of chemical weapons was 
intriguing, but it left many questions unanswered. Bush hopes for 
a near total ban in 10 years, but realistically, the prospects are 
slim. 

First, and most obvious, is the problem of how we plan to 
destroy all of these weapons. This problem exists regardless of 
whether a ban is implemented; most of the U.S. arsenal is 
outdated. Even if we had a place to dispose of them, many of these 
weapons have become dangerous to move. A ban on the weapons 
may enforce an unrealistic and dangerous schedule on disposal. 

The second issue is the impossibility of verification. Chemical 
weapons can be easily hidden; they can even be disguised as other 
weapons. The verification problem will make senators -
particularly conservative ones - unlikely to ratify any chemical 
weapons treaty. An effective treaty requires some means of 
checking to see that the tenns are being followed. Otherwise, the 
temptation to cheat is too great. 

This temptation is further increased by another problem: the 

fact we are living in an increasingly multi-polar world. Some of 
the main impetuses to the Bush proposal were the horrifying 
pictures of Iraq' s use of poison gas. and the. shameful story of a 
West German business's complicity in constructing a Libyan 
chemical weapons plant. 

But a ban by the U.S. and Soviet Union. or even one fonned 
in the United Nations. would do little to stop nations such as 
Libya. The nations which have expressed their willingness to live 
as terrorist outlaws. outside of the world community. would not 
be deterred by an unenforceable treaty. On the contrary. such 
governments might feel encouraged to procure chemical weapons 
when they know some of their neighbors (Israel, for example) 
would not have them. 

Chemical weapons are called "the poor man' s atomic bomb." 
and the temptation for developing nations to have them is strong. 
Agreements by the superpowers - which. after all, have nuclear 
weapons - would be largely meaningless paper, but would have 
an important redeeming feature: they would encourage the 
ostraCization of countries which keep chemical arsenals. But 
Bush said that he would not agree to complete destruction of the 
arsenal if other nations still had chemical weapons. thus putting 
the dream of eradicating the weapons almost totally out of reach. 

Decreasing the chemical arsenals of the United States and 
Soviet Union may malce the world a little safer, but it would be 
minor compared to other disarmament issues: conventional forces 
and strategic arms are far more important. The Bush 
Administration should work toward a ban, but shouldn't put it 
above other priorities. nor ignore the nagging questions which 
remain. The temptation to attempt to grab a quick public relations 
coup may be powerful, but it should be resisted. 

Nighttime Parking Safety campus, but there are probably a 
number of experts in both the 
Parking Office and Police Depart-
ment. 

Editor: 
Your editorial in the Sepcem-

ber 18 Gtmrdian raised two im-
portant questions: how much of 
the students' safty is compromised 
by the new parking regulations? 
And. what is the administration 
doing to ensure student safety at 
night? 

TIle administration does not 
seem to be concerned with much 
more than making money from 
students. If they are truly con-
cerned with student well-being, 
why not try to implement some 
plan to increase student safety at 
night? 

"The administra-
tion does not seem 
to beconcemed with 
much more than 
making money from 
students. " 

The Campus Security Officer 
(CSO) program is effective. but it 
does not help the students who are 
parking. only those returning to 
their cars. 

A shuttle system is not suffi-
cient for student safety, either. 
Simply miSSing the shuttle makes 
the student wait for 10 to 15 min-
utes in the darlc, or be forced to 
walk. again, in the darlc. 

I would like to present a sug-
gestion: the administration could 
hire people to watch the parking 
lots during the night hours from. 
say, 6 p.m. until 2 a.m. These 
"watchers" could make sure the 
students in the parldng lots are 
safe, and they could also respond 
to any suspicious activity occuring 
in the lots. They could even issue 
parking citations. 

The major drawback here is 
the cost of hiring enough people to 
watch the lots which are far from 
classes. 

I know I have not considered 
all of the possible advantages and 
disadvantages of this suggestion, 
and it is not foolproof by any 
means. but I do think it could be a 
stan to form more solid measures 
to increase student safety. 

I am no expert at maintaining 
the safety of a whole college 

If I. a single individual. can 
think of a way to improve safety. 
it seems that the Police Depart-
ment and Parking Office should 
have a score which are more fea-
sible. 

Mark S. Bublen 

Chasing A Parking Shuttle 
Editor: 

This morning, after parking my 
car here at school, I observed the 
shuttle stopped at the shuttle stop. 
Another person and I walked the 
100 feet or so to catch a ride on the 
shuttle. 

The drive.r bad picked up the 
last passenger waiting at the stop 
and appeared to be waiting for us 
as we were walking toward the 
front of the shuttle bus. When we 
got within about 10 feet of the 
shuttle, the dri ver tore off to the 
next stop. 

I had no doubt in my mind that 
the driver saw us; he just decided 
to drive off without waiting the 
extra 15 seconds to pick us up. 

I ran after the shuttle to the next 
stop. My books flew out of my 
backpack and scattered allover 
the parking lot. When I finally did 

get on the shuttle. I asked the driver 
why he drove off when he saw us 
so close to him. He could only 
reply, "Well. we have a schedule 
to keep." 

I am writing this letter to illus-
trate the kind of arrogance and 
belligerence that appears to be 
commonplace among some 
(granted. not all) of the people 
who operate and work on this 
campus. 

This is disheartening. but I was 
even more disheartened when I 
found out that the shuttle driver 
was a fellow student. 

I guess we are getting a good 
education here; both inside and 
outside of the classroom. We are 
leaming to treat each other com-
petitively. with intimidation and 
with disrespect. 

Name Withheld by Request 

Share Your Views 
The Guardian welcomes letters from students, 
faculty and staff. Drop your letter by the 
Guardian offices (in the old Student Center, 
where the A.S. offices used to be) or mail it to 
Opinion Editor, The Guardian, UCSD B-Q16,La 
Jolla, CA 92093. Letters should be typed, 
double-spaced and should include a signature 
and phone number. We reserve the right to 
edit letters for length and clarity. 

Thursday, September 28, 1989 

Jeff Greenfield 
Universal Press Syndicate 

NEW YORK - Warning: I'm about 
to violate the code of ethics for political 
writers. I'm coming to the defense of a 
highly paid political operative who plots 
television strategy for candidates. 

The man in question is none other than 
Roger Ailes, the Republican strategist who 
came to fame two decades ago as the shrewd 
media master of Richard Nixon's come-
back. 

As portrayed in loe McGinnis' book 
The Selling of the President, 1968, Ailes 
was the sharp-tongued operative behind 
the warmer, less frightening "new Nixon." 

Ailes' more recent notoriety came as a 
result of the 1988 Bush campaign. where 
his commercials were credited- or 
blamed-with painting Mike Dukakis as a 
wimpy, effete liberal outside the "main-
stream values" of America. 

What brings me rising- or at least 
slouching- to his defense is the notion 
that seems to accompany every work writ-
ten about Ailes. that he authored the infa-
mous "Willie Horton" commercial. the TV 
ad that featured a menacing mug shot of the 
convicted murderer who. while out of a 
Massachusetts prison on a furlough pro-
granl. terrorized a Maryland couple. 

Ailes, it had been charged several thou-
sand times, thus appealed to base racial 
fears by raising the specter of a black hood-
lum raping I white woman. 

Did the ad. in fact. appe8J to such fears? 

-

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

A Bum Rap 

In Defense of a Right-wing Media Manipulator 
Yes. Was it contemptible? Yes. 

Then why defend Ailes? Simple. Ailes 
did not do the ad, and in fact had no.thing to 
do with it. That commercial was produced 
and aired by an independent group, Ameri-
cans for Bush. Under current campaign 

featuring prisoners going in and out of a 
prison. while a voice-of-doom announcer 
explained, in somewhat misleading terms, 
how Dukakis had helped put hardened 
criminals back on the street. 

That ad was worthy of tough criticism. 
law. such "independent organizations" have ' As with most political advertising, it was 

"What brings me rising - or at least 
slouching - to his defense is the 
notion that seems to accompany 
every word written about Ailes, that 

, he authored the infamous 'Willie 
Horton' commercial ... " 

a First Amendment right to produce. fi-
nance and air whatever political messages 
they want, as long as they have nothing to 
do with the official campaign organization. 

And that, to the best of my knowledge, 
is what happened here . . 

woefully simplistic. and ignored the fact 
that Massachusetts had one of the lower 
serious crime rates for a major industrial-
ized state. 

What it did not do was show a picture of 

Willie Horton, or even mention Willie 
Horton. The faces it did show were over-
whelmingly white. In and of itself, that 
commercial simply did not have a racial 
component to it. 

To be sure, the Bush campaign itself 
drummed up interest in the Willie Horton 
case for months before the election. It may 
even be that, given the inextrica61e bond 
between race and crime as a visceral anxi-
ety of many Americans, any discussion of 
crime has to involve race. 

But if Roger Ailes is to be painted as the 
Darth Vader of the 1988 campaign, he at 
least deserves to be attacked for what he 
did. or what he can plausibly be charged 
with doing. 

Iournalists who casualJy list "the Willie 
Horton ad" as one of Ailes' achievements 
are simply proving themselves too lazy to 
go beyond the handful of press clips and 
find out the facts. They are. in sum. doing 
what they accuse Ailes of perfecting: throw-
ing out a cheap shot. 

There: I've gone and defended a right-
wing media manipulator. How I'll explain 
this back at the office I'll never know. 

Roger Ailes did produce a commercial 
about the Massachusetts furlough program 
that Dukakis supported (the program was 
in fact created by his liberal Republican 
predecessor as govemorofMassachusetts). 
[t was the "revolving door" commercial. 

Watch for Q&A N t Th d ex urs ay 

DeltaTauDelta 
THETA BETA CHAPTER 

Trip 
l() the 

S~IP , .\ 
.", .•... , ' ~ 

..~ . 

8:00 p.m. 

TRASHY 
~MOV~ 
NIGHT 

# 
9:00 p.m. 

Stop by the Delt Booth 
(Revelle Plaza) on 

Sept. 27th thru Oct. 3rd. 

For rides or more information 
on Delt Rush, please contact 

Dave Lee @ 569-8345 



6 NEWS 

Check-Up 
A Novel Approach to 
Treating Hemophilia 

Scientists at the University of 
Washington School of Medicine 
have been working on new tech-
niques to treat a Iife-threatenins 
disease. The disease, called Hemo-
philia B, is a disorder in which the 
patient's ability to fonn blood clots 
that stop them from bleeding is se-
verely diminished. Thus, they are 
at increased risk for extensive blood 
loss from a cut, and for recurrent 
episode of internal bleeding. 

The disease stems from the lack 
of a protei n called factor IX that is 
involved in the cascade-like proc-
ess that forms a blood clot after 
trauma. This disease is inherited as 
an X-linked recessive trait which 
means it strikes only males and 
usually runs in families. The 
Romanoff family, the Russian 
Royal family around the time of 
Rasputin, had several male mem-
bers affected with hemophilia. 

Without treatment, about 50% 
of severely affected patients die 
before five years of age, due to 

spontaneous life-threatening bleed-
ing episodes. Trutment consists 
oftransf.1sionofwhole blood or of 
factor IX concentrate, but these 
carry with !.':em an increased risk 
for blood-borne diseases like AIDS 
and hepatitis, especially due to the 
number of transfusions that hem0-
philiacs receive. Recently, geneti-
cally engineered factors have be-
come available, but these !Ire pro-
hibiti vely expensive. 

The newly developed approach, 
called somatic gene therapy, uses 
modem biological principles to 
"trick" a type of skin .:ell (call:d 
skin fibroblasts) into making fac-
tor IX. The appropriate gene for 
factor IX is obtained (a gene is a 
segment of DNA that codes (or a 
protein), incorporated into the skin 
fibroblasts and induced to express 
(actor IX. When these modified 
skin fibroblasts were reintroduced 
into mice, s;gnificant levels of 
factor IX w~re detected in t.heir 
bloodstream. 

Somatic gene therapy may be a 
key method of treating many ge-
netic diseases like Hemophilia B. 
It is not yet used in humans due to 

The UCSD Guardian 

technicrJ difficulties, as well as 
moral dilemmas that arise about 
introducing foreign genes into a 
human. However, last year a dif-
(erent group of scientists obtained 
pe!mission to introduce a foreign 
geneintocancerpatientsthatserved 
as markers in t.~e delivery of anti-
cancer drugs. Thus, the potential 
of somatic gene tberapy is rapidly 
increasing and many genetic dis-
eases may be more effectively 
managed in the. not-so-distant fu-
ture. 

New Drug May Surpress 
Desire For Cocaine 

Scientists at the Alcohol and 
Drug Abuse Research Center at 
Harvard Medical School are ~ur­
rentIy investigating the use of a 
drug called Buprenorphine to de-
crease the desire for cocaine. 

A major problem in combatting 
cocaine abuse' is finding a way to 
cut the desire for the drug. Treat-
ment progrems have bua insti-
tuted, but the use of legal drugs 
(pharmaceutical agents) to cut 
d')wn desire is paramO'.lIlt to a suc-
cessful prog.ram, in addition to 

~sychological counseling. 
In the experiments conducted 

by the Harvard researchers, five 
experimental monkeys were 
trained to perform tasks to receive 
food and cocaine as a "reward." 
Monkeys, like humans, will self-
administer cocaine for the pleasant 
psychoactive effects of the drug. 
When these monkeys were treated 
for 30 days with Buprenorphine 
their desire for cocaine was sig-
nificantly reduced, as seen by the 
amount of cocaine they self-ad-
ministered. In addition, higher 
doses of Buprenorphine reduced 
the desire for cocaine to a greater 
extent. Buprenorphine did not sup-
press general behavior and moti-
vation, which indicated a specific 
action to decrease cocaine desire. 

The scientists do not know the 
exact mechanism of how Buprenor-
phine cuts down the desire for 
cocaine. They think that it inter-
feres with a "pleasure center" in 
the brain, the dopaminergic nerv-
ou:. ~ystem, that 1s involved in the 
reinforcement of cocaine-seeking 
behavior. 

In addition to this possible use 

HI 
-Thursday, September 28, 1989 

of Buprenorphine as an anti-co-
caine agent, the drug Sl.ippresses 
heroin cravings, and may be an 
especially powerful treatment for 
dual addiction .0 cocaine and her-
oin. 

Kevin Knopf is Science Edi-
tor for the UCSF Synapse. 

Fusion 
Research 
Advances 
By nM MULLINER 
Contributing Writer 

11'Ie Los Alamos Nation'a1 labo-
ratory moved closer to the discov-
ery of a viable means of fusion 
will1 the annoucement that their 
Aurora laser is routinely firin!! at 
power levels near those required 
for inertial-confinement fusion. 

Fusion is a thennonuclear reac-
_______________________________________________ -, tion in which two light nuclei 

Which bank account gives Alph~ you the besr value? t(tlllll! 
(,h(.'\ kill\.! ilnd .... 1\IIlC ... III ~ lilt' y' ,I~t.'ounl wirh \)l1l ,r.Hl'I1lt..~IlI" 

Lint~)j i..R'c..iir flU pn,,){i.,'\.!I\\1l ,U,!"tlll,r y' l"Xlllllll ... 1 .. h,"{·k, .111<1 tllr nrr.1 ,~"h) 
" (I 11<.·r-<"I1(;( k d1Ml:"" 'orl1.I1)..,(, y' tor ATM nr Idlt-r Imn", .. !ion,) 
~Il)fl' th.m H2S hr.lI1rl1(', y' !hl\lll),!lllllll Cllihlrni.t> 

orrh La Jolla Bmnch 
8939 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Ollwr 
Atlllunr-

? 

? 

? 

None 

Corner of Villa La Jolla Drive and 
La Jolla Village Drive 
Ul Jolla. CA 92037 

(619) 230 5539 

Ifvour bank uoesn'tgive you the kind of value 
BofA dOt'~. i('~ nor on th ball. To open an Alpha 
Accounr. drop by a IOGltion listed below. 

m 
Bank of America 

Doing thejob for more CalifOrnians. 

La Julia Plaza Bmnch 
4380 La Jolla Village Dr, 

'orner of Execu rive Way and 
LaJolla Village Drive 
l..aJolla. CA 92 122 

(619) 552,4100 

\1t IIIht'r I 11K ' 

combine to fonn a heavier nuclei 
with the simultaneous release of 
energy. Fusion requires a tempera-
ture of millions of degrees, similar 
to that of tbe sun. 

The krypton-fluoride laser, 
Aurora, is firing ultraviolet beams 
at power-density levels exceeding 
100 terawatts (ten to the fourteenth 
watts) per square centimeter. The 
Lab equates this "to putting 100 
trillion watts on a target about the 
width of a paper clip." 

Los Alamos' program director 
for inertial-confinement fusion 
(ICF) David Cartwright, says that 
experiments utilizing Aurora 
"demonstrate the utility of kryp-
ton-fluori6e lasers for fusion re-
search, and mark the beginning in 
the United States of a concerted 
research program in laser fusion 
using this new laser technology." 

Dr. Cartwright said the kryp-
ton-fluoride laser "is particularly 
suited for driving the fusion reac-
tion ... because of its unique laser 
properties, high electrical effi-
ciency and potential for low cost." 

Fusion as a viable energy source 
is still far off, according to UCSD 
physics professor William Th-
ompson. He pointed to technologi-
cal advances, government policies, 
economics and people's attitudes 
as some of the factors involved in 
fusion's future applications. 

The push for fusion power ~ver 
the fission reactors that provide 
nuclear power today is great, ac-
cording to Thompson. 

"Fusion reactions don't neces-
sarily need a large amount of ra-
dioactive material," said Th-
ompson. He added that radioactive 
waste could be millions of times 
smaller than is currently produced 
in fission, and the potential hazard 
to the public would be lessened. 
--tJCSD physics professor 

Marshall Rosenbluth said the main 
reasons for switching to fusion 
power are " the environmental and 
the radioactive argument ." 

I a :nntt 
Thursday, September 28, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 7 

Graduate School of International Relations 
and PaCific Stuoies (IR/ PS) 

GRADUATE ELECTIVE COURSES 
FAll QUARTER, 1989 

IP /Gen 420 Principle. of Marketlng·Mlchaei Belch 
MW 2:30-3:20 EXT 140 

IP/Gen 423 Industrial Organlzatlon*JOhn McMillan 
MW 10:00-11 :20 MAAC 51S. Rm. 100 

IP/G.n 427 Comparative Management Systems*Hldeshlltoh 
TuTh 11:30-12:50 MAAC S1S, Am. 100 

IP/Gen 428 Human Behavior In Organizatlons*Herman Gadon 
MW 11:30-12:50 MAAC 518. Rm. 100 

tP /Gen 452 Comparative Weltare States*Mary Ruggle 
W9-11 :5O HSS70n 

IP /Gen 484 Korean Potltlcs and Soclety*Kong Dan Oh 
Th 1 :00-3:50 USB 4020 A 

tP /Oen 487 Concepts and Aspects of Revolutlon*Chalmers Johnson 
TuTh 2:30·3:50 USB 2522 

Department stamp required for all etasses. 
Obtain stamp from IRIPS Administration O"lce, 

518 MAAC, 2na Floor. Telephone contact: 534-5914. 

STATISTICS FOR 
SOCIAL ANIMALS! 

(Just when you thought you had made it 
through college without taking one Math 
course.) 

MATH 6A : Introductory 
Statistics and 

Mathmatical Analysis 

This is an elementary statistics course which 
) 

only requires beginning algebra skills. Tech-
niques of algebra are developed as they are 
required. It satisfies general education re-
quirements for some colleges (maybe yours) 
and has significant applications, particularly 
to social sciences. 

Lecture meets MWF at 1:00 pm in HSS 
2250- Professor Haff. 

Thinking about going to law school? 

Come to the 

LOYOLA LAW SCIIOOL 

OPEN HOUSE 
FOR PROSPECTIVE STUDENTS 

Saturday, October 14, 1989 
9:00 a.m. to II :30 a.m. 

••••••••• 

MEET LOYOLA'S o/STINGIJlSII..:n ~·ACUI.TY 
·Mock Classes Will lie Offered in Various Areas uf Luw And Will He Taught 

by Full·time Facully Mcmhers: 
·Civil Procedure 
-Contracts 
-Criminal law 
-International law 
·legal Proccss 
-Torts 

-Conslitutional Law 
-Corporatiolls 
-Entertaillmcllt Law 
-Lahor law 
-Itropcrty 

-Continentaillreaklast Will lie Provided 
-Meet Administrators from Admissions, PllicelllclIl, Finlandal Aid, elc. 
-Meet FacuIty Members 
-Meet Students and Representatives of Student Organizations 

CALL NOW TO RESERVE YOUR CIIOICE 0 F CLASS 
SEATING IS LlMITEO 

LOYOLA LAW SCIIOOL, LOS AN(a: LI~S 
Admissions Office - (213) 7J6·IIH 

NEED A JOB? 
DISABLED STUDENT SERVICES SEEKS RESPONSmLE INDIVIDUALS 
AS NOTET AKERS AND/OR READERS FOR STUDENTS WITH DISABILI-
TIES. TO BE ELIGlBLE, YOU MUST BE A REGISTERED UCSD STUDENT 
WITH A G.P.A. OF 3.0 OR ABOVE. 

PAYRATES: NOTETAKERS- $4.60/HOUR; READERS- $4.90/HOUR 

NOTETAKERS NEEDED FOR THE FOLLOWING FALL 89 COURSES: 
AMES to 
ANTHR022 
BIO 101 
CHEM 6Nll/140NI4OC 
HIST2A 
LlT/WRIT8A 
LIT/ENG 190 
MATH I C!2N2B!2DN4C 
PHIL 1/31/101/127 

PHYSICS lA!2A 
POLl SCI 10!27/IIOA 
PSYCH 1/178/179 
STPA 119B 
SOC 118/188F 
VA2 
WARREN IIA 
WARREN WRITING 

READERS NEEDED FOR THE FOLLOWING FALL 89 COURSES: 
CHEM6A 
MATH4C 
STPA 119B 

FOR NOTETAKlNqPREFERENCE WILL BE GIVEN TO STUDENTS WHO 
ARE ENROLLED IN THE COURSE(S). 

PLEASE CONTACT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE: 
DISABLED STUDENT SERVICES 

204 MAAC (SOUTHEAST CORNER) 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

FOR INFO 
534-4382 



8 FEATURES , Thunday, September 28,1989 

Features 
Fifth: The Making of the Modern College 
The staff and students of UCSD's newest college reflect on its first year of operation 

By ANDREA ADLEMAN 
Features Editor 

"We want to train people to live 
in a global community and to break 
out of the ethnocentric thinking 
that afflicts every country." 

These words represent the goal 
and philosophy of Fifth College as 
stated by one ofits leaders, Provost 
James Lyon. 

The newest college on campus 
evolves around an overwhelming 
sense of internationalism, which is 
reflected in its curriculum as well 
as events, which range from a 
lunchtime international cafe to 
year-long community service 
projects in Tijuana. 

As Fifth welcomes it class of 
1993, the students and staff reflect 
on the high and low points that 
characterized the college 's first 
year in operation. 

Provost Lyon, known as Jamie 
to students and c o lleagues, 
emphasized the traits that make 
Fifth College students different 
from the average UCSD student. 

GAil Jol" .. OIIIGIIIlrtlilJlt 
For the most part, Fifth College Provost James Lyon is pleased with the college's first year. He feels 
that the international emphasis of the college has attracted a different type of student. 

According to a campus survey 
from which Lyon quoted, 43 
percent of Fifth College students 
declared themselves social science 
majors on their applications for 
admission. The percentage affirms 
the international focus of the 
college, yet is also significant in 
that the major incoming students 

~' 

at UCSD most often list is 
" undeclared. " 

Because such a large number 
of students had chosen a major 
from the start, Lyon feels that Fifth 
College students have a greater 
sense of direction than other 
students. 

Also of interest is the fact that, 
whereas the total campus is split 
almost evenly among women and 
men, women comprise 62 percent 

of Fifth's enrollment. 
Pride is abundant in Fifth 

College. The provost, dean and 
resident dean speak of the students 
in the tone of proud parents. Dean 
Harriet Marsh commented on the 
students' eagerness to panicipare 
in events, including "showing up 
by the dozen" whenever calIs for 
volunteers were made. 

"Their sense of commitment to 
the college, their desire to serve 
one another, theirdesire to be close 

~= ~~ fIJ... Moore, the solution was to create .~: ~* ..~" By JULIE HEIMLER newspaper of his own, featuring,¢.: 
... ~"" , Sta/fWriteri'· ~;~ ..,,.., of course, the article that was denied :;;;: 

~;~ ..... -... publication.Moore,aMuirstudcnt, :;:: ~~~ ~ ~ I created the newspaper the :;~; 
.. = magine this scenario: You .. 
:.::. Erratically during his freshperson ,:.::. 

,... submit an article to two of the ;~: .... " t . year as a reaction to the frustration ,::.': ~,.... most widely-read newspapers at ~~~ t""""I I. the university you attend and nei- he felt from not having articles t 
~~~ ~ therone publishes it. What do you printed,in two of UCSD's student ~~~ 

to one another and meet one 
another's needs, I think, were 
noteworthy and commendable," 
Marsh said. She went on to explain 
that the students "really had a sense 
of investtncnt that this was their 
college and they were indeed the 
ones who were the first class." 

Academics at Fifth have a strong 
international focus. The college's 
curriculum, central to which is the 
two-year Making of the ~odern 
World (MMW) sequence, was 

Rubes 

designed to promote multicultural 
awareness. 

All students use the same 
textbooks during any given quarter 
of MMW, which serves as the 
foundation of a "shared intellectual 
experience, a common core," 
according to Lyon. He feels that 
this academic arrangement fosters 
a sense of identity and unity among 
the students. 

Despite what Lyon sees as the 
positive aspects ofMMW, he calls 
the first year of the sequence "a 
qualified success" due to the fact 
that "we had difficulties with it in 
the third quarter. 

"The course concept was a little 
overwhelming," he explained. 
"We tried to do too much; we were 
too ambitious. The course is being 
altered considerably for [this] year 
in the third quarter, and we expect 
it will be a lot better." 

The international emphasis of 
the college is carried into the 
residence halls, where students can 
be found speaking foreign 
languages and engaging in study 
breaks with a cultural theme. 

According to Resident Dean 
Jane Macdonald, when students 
are in an "environment in which 
people are always talking about 
international issues and topics, 
[they] become more aware, more 
sensitized ... 

See ,FIFTH, paae 10 

By Leigh Rubin 

,::; r -yo ., do? newspaper , the Koala and the ::: 
::; ,...... In the case of j unior Mike See ERRATICALLY, page 11 :~: Planned parenthood 
'~:::!:!:::::::::~:::~:!:::::::::::::::!:::::::.:::::!:::::::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::!:::.:.:.:::::::!:.:::-;~~~:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::.:.:.:.:.:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.~~ 

. .. 

Thucsday, September 28, 1989 

Every Night 'is Fun Night at 
EVERY MONDA Y 

Hospitality Night 
$1.00 Drinks after 8:00 

Beer, wine, and 
well drinks only 

Bring your check stub as 
proof of employment 

Monday Night Football 
All you can eat 

Hot Dog and Chili Bar 
5:30-8:00 

$1.50 pints of beer 

THURSDAY 
UCSDRunFor 

The Border 
Join us for the best 

Mexican Buffet during 
Happy Hour 5-8 p.m. 

$1.50 Margaritas 
No cover with student I.D. and 

valid driver's license 

TUESDAY 
is Buck Night at the Beach 
Come join us. Order your 

favorite drink 
Draft, wine, well drinks $1.00 

Starting at 8 p.m. 

WILD FRIDAY 
Party with Z-90 

90( Drink Specials 
Best Happy Hour in To"vn 

cover between 7-8 p.m. 

WEDNESDAY 
Ladies Night 

Ladies every Wednesday after 8 
p.m. 

No Cover-$l.00 drinks 
Specialty Drinks 

SATURDAY 
Long Island Night 

Come early to avoid cover 
between 7-8 p.m. 

Late night party starts at 8 p.m. ~~'~7~ 
Party goes on with best 

Light Show in town 

$2.75 Long Island Ice Tea 
all night 

Happy Hour Buffet Mon.~Fri. 5-8 • Free Food and Drink 
4190 Mission Blvd. (2 blocks south of Grand Ave.) in the Pacific Beach Promenade (619) 581-3938 

Tired of the hack to the hack to sehool hassle? 

Jasmine's DiredDrive: 20 $399 
Now)'OU an klIe your data instead of)Wl' ~ with)asmine's 
20 megabyte extemaI hard disk. For $399 (regularly $549) you get 
Jasmine's MacworId World Class Award-winning DirectDrive 20 
equipped with a lw-year guarantee, plus 5 megabytes of 
Shareware/PUblic Domain software and SUM'" II (a $149 value). 
Call our University Sales Coordinator direct and find out how you 
can save $150 off our DirectDrive 20, or inquire about student 

savin~ for other Jasmine products, 

AU jasmine DirectDrives Feature: 
• lWo-year parts and labor WlImIIlt}; 

3O-day lOOney back guarmtee 
• DriveWdre, 111 the powerful Jasmine han! 

disk maintenance utility 
• Jasmine' Hard Disk Enl)dopedia 
• All required cabling 
• free Ielephone ffdmical support 

o Jasmine 
1-800-347 -3228 

9 



PROFESSORS, END 
THE PAPER'CHASE 

USE KlNKO'S PROFESSOR PUBLISHING SERVICE 
Give your students an alternotive to the library ReseNe Room. We'll 
turn your loose course materials Into bound class readers. 

NO CHARGE TO YOU OR YOUR DEPARTMENT 
LOWEST POSSIBLE COST TO YOUR STUDENTS 
OUR REP WILL HELP ORGANIZE YOUR MATERIAlS 
FREE PICK UP AND DELIVERY 
FREE COPYRIGHT ASSISTANCE 
OPEN 24 HOURS 7 DAYS A WEEK 

lET US DO THE CHASING WHILE YOU DO THE TEACHING 

kinko·s· 
the copy center 

La Jolla Village Square 
457-3775 • OPEN 24 HOURS 

Catholic Mass Schedule: 
Saturday at 5 p.m. 
Sunday at 8:30 a.m. , 
and 5 and 9 p.m. 

Thursday Night Supper 5:45 p.m. $2 
At the University Lutheran Church 
corner of La Jolla Shores Dripe and 

North Torry Pines Road 
(across the street from Revelle Campus) 

WANT-ED: 
STUDENTS WISHING TO 

DEVELOP AND IMPROVE: 
• Strong leadership skills 

• Good speaking and 
presentation skills 

• Ability to think quickly 
and clearly on your feel 

• Self confidence 
TOASTMASTERS WANTS YO 

Visit V.c. .D. Toastmaster's Student Club 
Even TUl'~ dal' ~J() p.m /() 7:00 p .m .• Room III-A 
(Chamel/or '~ (omplex) aero.!s from the Price (emer. 

AnJone I~ welcome - No obligatIOn 

The UCSD Guardian 

Fifth 
College 
Continued from page 8 

The consensus among the Fifth 
College staff is that the students 
enjoy being around those of other 
nationalities, as exemplified in the 
following story. 

"I've seen some house advisors 
read over a listofnames [of students 
to be in their houses] and see foreign 
names and go, • Oh, no,' .. 
Macdonald said. In contrast, "Our 
HAs were jumping around the 
office going, ' I've got omeone 
fmm Tokyo.' .. 

Sophomore Rebecca Callahan 
agrees that the college has suc-
ceeded in "making us realize how 
many different perspectives there 

See FIFTH, page 12 

SAUCONY-STARUGHT 
Reg. $69.95 SALE 559.95 

AVlA600 
Reg. SB4.95 

CROSS TRAINING 
lADIES Newl 
NIKE AIR TRAINER LO 
Reg. $65.95 SALE 555.89 ,. 
MENS 
N/KE AIR TRAINER MID 
Reg. $84.95 SALE 572.89 

Thursday, September 28, 1989 

Fifth College dean Harriet Marsh 

MENS. LADIES 
NIKE AIR MAX UTE 
Reg. S90.00 SALE 579.89 
NIKE AIR PEGASUS . 
Reg. S6O.00 SALE 549.89 '.' 
SAUCONY AZURA ST 
Reg, S74,95 SALE 564.89 
NEW BALANCE 495 
Reg. $64.95 SALE 554.89 
ASlCS TIger Gel 101 
Reg. $65.95 SALE 554.89 
AS/CS TIger Gel Lyle " 
/Men's only/ Reg. S84. 9~ 

SALE S69.89 

MENS. LADIES 
K-SWISS CLASSIC . 
Reg. 549,95 SALE 539.89 ; : ;' 
WILSON PRO STAFF 
Reg. $65.95 SALE 555.89 
HEAD RADIAL SOO 
Reg. $65.95 SALE 555.89 
REEBOK PHASE I 
Reg. $54.95 SALE 544.89 
CASUAL 
SPERRY SUP-ON OR TIE ';, 
Reg. $35.95 SALE 524.89 ,.:. 
FLOJOS 
/Neons) 

CD SOUNDS 
COMPACT DISCS 

USED • IMPORTS • SPECIAL ORDERS 

6780 ~~~~~R RD. 0 57a.D1SC 
2 for 1 

Bring in 2 used compact discs 
(regularly priced upon approval) and 
receive 1 new disc, Value up to $13.97 

Offer good at Miramar store only. • 
Offer expires Oct. 31. 1989. 

Please show UCSD ID. 

Erratically 
Continued from page 8 
Guardian. 

The Erratically is a five-and-a-
half by eight-and-a-half inch 
pamphlet which includes three 
unedited works (usually short 
fiction), and aneditor's note. Some 
of Moore's fictional works have 
included "The Leadership," a 
cynical essay about the role of 
present-day leaders, as well as 
"Annie," a rumination about 
Moore's first girlfriend. He 
describes their romance as "a 
romance I won 't forget. She was 
perhaps [age] three, and I was four 
and three-quarters. It was a wide 
gap at that age, to be sure, but she 
was mature for three." 

Three papers were printed 
during Moore's freshperson year, 
and nine issues were printed last 
year. There is a tradition of altering 
the paper's title each issue in order 
to create a different theme. For 
example, past issues have been 
titled the Stark-Raving Erratically, 
the Travelling Erraticallys, and the 
Anti-Greek Erratically. 

Mike Moore attributes the title 
of the paper to the way he decides 
when to publish an issue -
erratically. The paper has no set 
publication schedule, and as a 
result, each issue is creaJed and 
printed sporadically. 

The paper is personally 
distributed by Moore to the ~ddle 
of Muir (M.O.M.) and Muir's 
dormitories. Moore pays for the 
printing cost of the approximately 
200 papers with a portion of the 
money he received from a 
scholarship. Although Moore lacks 
financial suppon from the school, 
he is attempting to receive funding 
for his paper from the Muir CoUege 
Council as well as the A.S. 

Now that you have grasped the 
first scenario, imagine this next 
one: You are the sole editor of this 
new newspaper, but you have 
recently been accepted to spend a 
year abroad in Germany. What do 
you do about the publication you 
have just created? 

Mike Moore was faced with 
this decision last YCJ'l. At first, he 
assumed that the final issue of last 
year, the LAst Erratically, would 
be the end of publication until he 
returned from his trip abroad. 

Recently, however, Moore was 
approached by Greg Knauss, an 
Erratically writer who suggested 
he take over the editorship while 
Moore is abroad. Moore agreed. 

Knauss would like the paper to 
remain basically the same; in fact. 
his plans are to merely "keep the 
paper in stasis while Mike is away." 
There will be few, if any, changes 
in the paper because Knauss likes 
the current format and directi,9'1. 

According to Knauss, Moore 
will be submitting articles for the 
paper from Germany. 

Knauss believes that the paper 
is unique because it reaches an 
audience that is not targeted by any 
of the other papers on campus. He 
feels that at UCSD there exist four 
papers that the majority of tudent 
See ERRATICALLY, page 12 

Yikesl 
Although you don't have·to go on safari 

to place your classified ads this year 
(The Guardian offices have moved to the 

center of campus in the old Student 
Center building above the General 

Store) there is one small change that 
might make your life a living hell ... 

The deadlines used to be 4 p.m. each 
Monday and Thursday ... 

now it's 3.p.m. 

FBATUR.£S" II 

ABE YOU 'AITING FOB? 
Planned Parenthood Offers: 

• Gynecological Exams 
• Birth Control 
• VD and STD Testing & Treatment 
• Pregnancy Testing & Counseling 
• Appointments Available Immediately 

4irit 
.. 

LOW COST QUALITY CARE 
can 231-6760 

YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW 
ABOUT TEXTBOOKS. 

"Information you've always wanted, but didn't know who to ask," 
three sessions on textbook publishing, will be oRared exclusively 

for UCSD students at the University Bookstore. 

Find out about the production process of textbooks-why 
textbooks are so expensive-and more. 

Meet with publisher's representatives from: 

Holt. Dryden. and Saunders College Publishing Group 
C.v. Mosby 
Wadsworth. Inc. 
John Wiley Be Sons Inc. 

Student Forum on Textbooks 
Tuesday, Cktober3, 1989 

Three sessions 
(Choose one) 

8 a.m. - 9 a.m. 

'9:30 a.m. - 10:30 a.m. 

11 a.m. -12 noon 

University Bookstore conference room, third level 

For more information, call the Textbook Department 
534·4557 

Sign up sheet available 

1 I1III) (1-1'1) dl 
LlCSD 



, . 

12 FEATU RES The UCSD Guardian~ 

28 
Malibu 
Grand 
Prix 

-Rented 
out-

8:00pm 

2 
Sports 

Bar 
6:00pm at 
the Club 
House 

29 
Steak 
Dinner 
5:30pm 
Warren 

Commons 

3 
cajun 

Fish Fry 
and Clam 
Bake at 
Dusk 

La Jolla 
Shores 
6:00pm 

RUSH 
30 

Tank Wars 
6:00pm 
Family 

Fun 
Center 

4 
Poker 
Night 

8:00pm 
at the 
House 

1 
Water 
Sports 

Day 
Noon 

MIssion 
Bay 

6 
PreferentIal 

6:30pm 
Meet at 
Revelle 

One monthly statement that organizes your checking 
and savings. MasterCard- and VISA. even IRAs and CDs. 
Simplify your banking with Citi-One. 

4180 La Jolla Village Dr 
SUlle 125 
La Jolla CA 
92037 
619·452·7630 

CITICB,I,f'CJ til 
A F.aerlJ' S,v"'ps.oo l e»n Anoc,.tlOf"l d _ _ 

If you can find a Macintosh 
in tl1is ro9Ill, we might put one 

111 yours. Free. 

In what will surely be the easiest test of your inteUed this tenn, Apple im~tes you 
to try winning a free Apple- Macintosh· Plus personal computer merely by finding it in 
this drawing, 

We'll even give you a hinr: It's nOlthe table, the lamp, or the chair. 
ow you're on your own, 

To register, look for conte t details where Macintosh computer are sold on your 
campus, Oh, all right, we'll givt: you a hint for that, too: Look at the bottom of thi ad. 

But do it I"e".illy, really fast. Because only one Madntosh is being given away on 
this campus, and it's going to happen soon, 

Soon, as in right away. Pronto. QUick-like. 
But hey, you can take a him. 

•• Somebodys going to win a free Macintosh, 
Enter September 18th-October 6th 

University Bookstore 
Apple will be at Computer Wct'k 

October 3rd , Uni versi ty Bookstore 
I 1'.lI<9.~ Computer, I", \f1'Ie.''''' ~rf';d'l<'). JnJ \1J" m,.h .... ,. ~'''<'Il,j u,.km.iIk,,~ Ap"o'[,oOIJ'Il"'r I", IU'Nr.ol ... 

On.: <fUr) 1.·r I."""'. pit ... ", Onh luDurne ... """nt,.I~m, and .. ..u "'" ebglhll' 10 ",n 

. e ( 
Thursday, September 28, 198~ 

Erratically 
Continued from page 11 
read: a hard newspaper (the 
Guardian), a paper based on 
slapstick humor (the Koala), and 
one of two political papers (the 
New Indicator and the California 
Rn>iew) , 

Knauss believes the Erratically 
provides UCSD with something it 
is lacking in tenos of journalism. 
He sees the paper as containing 
intellectual rather than slapstick 
humor. 

Because of the paper's dry wit, 
Knauss believes that most readers 
do not know quite what to think of 
it. He would like the keep the style 
of the paper "slightly slanted and 
II bit peculiar," a style that he 
believes is not reflected as much 
in the other papers on campus. 
Knauss' goal is to try to increase 
the Erratically's readership and 
popularity. 

The first edition of this year's 
paper will be called the Undead 
Erratically, because of its 
unexpected revival , and will likely 
be distribUied in the next three 
weeks. 

Then again, there is the 
precedent of the "erratic" 
publication of previous is ues. 

Fifth 
College 
Continued from page 10 
are in the world." 

Callahan identified the interna-
tional emphasis as the most posi-
tive aspect of the college. She feels 
that the staff "did a good job of 
making the curriculum well-
rounded." However, she added 
that, "There were pans that weren't 
well-planned." 

Sophomore Gloria Ahn ex-
plained the problem with MMW: 
"They tried to pack so much into 
the curriculum that there is not a 
focal point to each quaner." 

She noted that the course con-
tains too much reading again this 
quarter, but is optomistic about the 
future of the course. 

"I can see where they're trying 
to go," Ahn said. "In three or four 
years, this course will be really 
good. t' 

Although both students find that 
being the "guinea pigs" for lhe 
course is difficult, Callahan be-
lieves that she and her classmates 
"are getting a lot out of it." 

According to Callahan, being 
the first graduating class fostered a 
sense of unity among the students. 

"It has its drawbacks, but there's 
something special about it," she 
said. "Last year, we were the only 
Fifth college students so it feels re-
ally funny to have other Fifth 
College students this year. It's sort 
of nice. It gives you the feeling 
that you're all going through this 
together. " 

ThDndai, Scptana,U 18, 1989" The UCSD Guaniwi NEWS 13 

Scripps Featured on TV's 
Discovery Channel 

series. 
That segment will feature a 

Scripps Institute meteorologist and 
atmospheric scientists from Law-
rence Li vermore and Los Alamos 
Laboratories working wid! a su-
percomputer model of !he global 
environment 

8yDAVIDWYNER 
Managi"ll Editor 

A series of television programs 
focusing on UC faculty research, 
including one project by a Scripps 
Institute researcher, was shown 
through Sept. 20 on cable 
television's Discovery Channel. 

The series, titled "An Open 
Window," consisted of five half-
hour shows featuring faculty re-
search on subjects ranging from 
life in space to understanding how 
politicians' physical appearances 
can affect their election chances. 

The segment from UCSD was 
shown September 18and 21.. It 
focused on an instrument designed 
and developed by Scripps Institute 
Research PhysiologistI effrey Gra-
ham. 

The instrument, which has been 
called a "treadmill" for fISh, en-
ables scientists 10 observe fish as 
they swim by placing the fISh in a 
plexiglass tank and passing a con-
tiRiIOUS stream of water across their 
gills. 

According 10 Chuck Colgan, a 
public information representative 
al Scripps and producer of the 
segment, the instrwnenl is impor-
tant because it is the first such 
"treadmill" for large flSh like shark 
and tuna. 

UC Direclor of Communica-
tion Services Mike Lassiter said 
the idea of the series was "10 give 
people a chance to loolc inside 
University research . . . to know 
what it's all about." 

The concept for the show oogi-
nated in Berkeley when a show 
also titled "An Open Window"'was 
aired on the local cable access 
channel and focused mainly on 
videotaped lectures. 

The tIC Administration built 
on that idea. by expanding the 
content of the show 10 include 
research projects being done on all 
UC campuses. 

For the recent series, each cam-
pus was asked 10 produce, al its 
own cost, segments on campus re-
search which were of national im-
portance. 

The UC President's office paid 
for combining four to six of the 
segments in each program to cre-
ate what Lassiter called "a real 
potpourri of topics" in each show. 

The entire series was createdon 
a low budget, Lassiter said. The 
campuses each spenl $2,000 to 
$3,000 10 produce their segments 
and the University spent about 
$5,000 putting the stories together 
10 create the final programs. 

Lassiter said he is very pleased 
with the strong national exposure 
the series has received on the Dis-
covery Channel. which reaches an 
estimated 43 million homes na-
tionwide. 

The programming and audi-
ence of the Discovery Channel 
made it a perfect fcxwn for the 
University's series, Lassiter said. 

Susan Burleigh, seniOl manager 
of communications for the Dis-
covery Channel, also feels that her 
channel was a prime place 10 air 
the shows. 

"We have a strong educational 
focus. It's whal the Discovcry 

Channel is [aboul]," she said. 
Lassiter said the University is 

preparing a second series of re-
search-oriented programs, but is 
not sure when or where they will 
be aired. 

Nevertheless, Colgan and his 
production Learn are preparing a 
segment on global change and the 
greenhouse effect for the second 

Colgan called the showsa "very 
exciting project," pointing out that 
by having his in-house production 
team create the segments, the sci-
entists can have more input and the 
shows can be more accurate. 

/AREAIIIE Yo., WI/IIJ CAFE AND (and now have) '., • LATE NIGHT ~ COFFEEHOUSE Friday & Saturday to 
III I., •• , ••• " ........ II MIll fr UCSD mldnlg~t 

• 0'" • CappUClno, espresso. 
No Smalling R.ateurent pastries 
CIO'e Section . ,. Taped jazz and classical music 

"V' • Quality wines & beefs, min8l'al waters 
a"d Art Gallery 
• • 0 .... CIfk: Breakfast (Sat.-Sun.) and E1t~/k"t IlUIclru lunch (Tues.-Sat.); coffees and pastries 

Tues,-Sal. 11-2 • MHibr. "",",' Talk. linger. relax 
• Filu .u., · An GIIIkry: Haitian artists in Fall 

Tues.-Thurs. 5-10 • Pre/P,. C ... Multins, croissants, coffee 
Fri.- Sal. 5-11 CoJIftitotae I«tItM 
Sun. 5-1 0 • Tues.· Thurs. 7 a,m .-1 0 p.m.; Fri. 7 a,m.-

• o."~- 1__ midnight; Sat. 8 a.m.-midnight; 
_0«101 se,,, ... -.:: Sun. 8 a.m.-1 0 p.m. 
3202 Governor Drive, University City-Golden Triangle 

Governor and Regents, off Hwy 52 • _455: 1017 

Smith Corona presents three products that can 
help make schoolwork academic. 

The Smith Corona PWP 2000 Personal Word 
Processor is in a class by itself. It's so compact it can 
fit in the most compact dorm room. Yet, thanks to 
features like a built-in disk drive, 100,000 character 
DataD~sk capacity, and a crystal dear display, it 
makes It easy to transform B's into Ns. 

CO .... 51 

Scripps physiologist Dr. Jeffrey Grahamoperales a 'readl'nilr 
for fish. 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 
~ 
..,.. 11 -10:~ Men-Thus.: 
11-11 Sat.; 12-10:30Sln 
IA JOllA COIGIIr 
7770 Regents Rd.. Ste. 108 
(in Vals ShoppiIIg Center) 

.. 
" 

~ 1 ...... ", 
.~\ .... 

..... r ........ 
.... 

,," 'b .. n 

~ ... J 

'" ; 

1-

--------------------------

I I 

: 25%OFF =vogwt ! 
I Void with en( other dIIar. Toppi OS not Included. I 
I Oneooupcn perCUllomer. &pilei 'O/1/~ I ~--------------------------~ 

you can have the convmicnce of word processing 
features with the simplidty of a typewrita 

Of course,. ~ poclc.ct-size ~~Right-~P 
also comc:s with unpeccable fiellCCS. In this 
case, a built-in electronic dictionary, a thesawus, 
a calculatot; even a collection of challenging 

wo~games. 
So if you're thinking Magna Cum Laude at 

the end of this yecu; For ~ose who prefer an electronic typewritelj 
the SmIth Corona XD 4600 is the typewriter of 
preference. With its 16 character display and ap· 
proxllnately 7,000 characters of editable memor}) 

don't forget to think SMI'I'H. 
Smith Corona at the 'IOIURJIIVsctRON~ 
beginning of this year. AI''I'Wt~ 

Ful mOlt" Int()rlllatlo~ ('0 th(~ pfodlJ(.l~, Wl llt' 10 Smith Corona Corpo,aoon 65 LocUSt 1wn\U(: New ~ CT 06840 
or Sm"h Corona un.w.., 440 Tap""" Road, Sc..rhorough; Ontano, <:.nad;, MIB IY4 ' 

... 



14 SPORTS 

Scores 
& 
Stats 

, -

, . 

......... "".. ,_~ \1 .... " 

The UCSD Guardian 

Soccer (i) Men's Water POlof!iJ UCSD RECORDS 
Mal BrQwn !.!niV~[:iil:i InviliUiQDili &RANKINGS 

UCLA 1 UCSDO UCSD 13 Brown 5 
~gm~D UCSD9 Navy 7 llL 
UCSD 4 Redlands 0 UCSD 14 lona 6 Soceer(M) 5 1 
-UCSD goals: Faro, UCSD 16 U. Mass. 1 Soc:cer(W) 7 0 Volley"'" (W) U 8 Lindsay, Mauro, UCSD 14 Harvard 5 WaterPale(M) 1. , 
Takahashi 

econo 
. -CS, 
~ ... cs 

a DiscountBanking'" checking 
account 

The coupon book gives 
you great discounts on 
everything from pizza to 
comedy clubs. And the 
checkbook gives you a 
head start on managing 
your money. 
If you need a little extra 

credit, Security Pacific can help 

Visa-and Mastercard-accounts 
·with special college--level, quali-
tying requirements. Drop by, fill 
out an application, and we'll give 
you a free solar calculator. 

A Security Pacific checkbook 
won't o~ your entire life. Just 
the part that pertains to money. 

o"m 
MorWy .... mIory 9AM·7PM 
T -"r.11amriIy 9 AM·4 PM 

SIturdoIy 9 AM·1 PM 

Cnivmity Towne Centre Office 
~305 La Jolla Village Dr. 

La Joilla Village Square Office 
88J 3 Villa LJ Jolla Dr. 

San Diego La Jolla 

1= 2 3rd 
o 1Dd 
• lit 
o 9tb 

"u. , ..? L ,,..,.. 
Thursday, September 28, 1989 

BERNSTINE 
Continued from page 20 
ball well, he runs the ball well, and 
he is really coming on," he said. 

Charger linebacker Billy Ray 
Smith commented that Bemstine 
is a "bear to cover. He's tough on 
the man-to-man coverage. Rod 
appears faster now that before his 
injury . He's playing great for us." 

And is Bemstine having fun, or 
what? 

"It ' s a lot of fun anytime you 
can go out and contribute as I've 
been doing," he said. "They ' re 
letting me carry the ball, which 1 
did in high school and in college a 
little bit So far I've been catching 
the bail oUlStanding. I'm just ex-
cited to be doing such great things. " 

Although it appears that Bem-

photo courtesy or tile curpn 
Rod Bernstine ' 

stine has fully recovered from his 
knee injury, he still undergoes 
continuous treatment. His knee 
requires special attention before 
and after both practices and games 
because it tends to stiffen up. "I 
live with the ice pack on my leg," 
he said. 

The road to recovery has been a 
difficult one for Bemstine, both 
mentally and physically, but he 
has made it clear that his love for 
the game is far greater than the 
pain he suffers from his injury. His 
hard work and dedication has 
earned the respect of his team-
mates, as shown when they V()(ed 
him Charger Rookie of the Year in 
1987. 

BGIF 
SPORTS EVENTS 

This Friday!! 

Men's Soccerv. USD, 3:30 
p.m., North Campus Stadium 

Women's Volleyball v. 
Chapman, 7:PO p.m. , Main 
Gym 

Men's Water Polo v. Pep-
perdine, 7:00 p.m., Canyon-
view Pool 

DON'T MISS OUT! 

Thursday, Septe~ber 28,1989 
. 

W.POLO 
Continued from pace 10 
the five games to lead the Tritons ' 
scoring as they have all season. 

Harper stressed the importance 
of beating Eastern teams. "These 
games were critical to us. It's the 
only time we play Eastern teams, 
and by beating them we will be at 
worst the sixth seed (of eight) in 
the NCAA tournament. That way 
we don't have to play numberone 
California or number two UC irv-
ine. A first round win puIS us in the 
top four." 

To get there, though, UCSD 
must first capture the Western 
Water Polo Association Champi-
onship. Though they won the 
WWPA title last year, they were 
not awarded a bid to the NCAAs. 
This year the WWPA champion 
now receives an automatic bid. 

BE 
THERE 

••••• the first GNTdian 
....... caeedaJtJisTuet-
day. 0cI0tIer 3, It 6 p.m. Mee.a 
.tbeGwlnlltm.omce. ......... 
• .ow", -<:'.eaIIIi __ 
.. tbep. 

~ you .... (ll'1e-
IUI1IiIII. jourDIIIIIieI1I expe-
lieia4oraoc. cnaiIe oa by. If 
.,. CIIl't iDIIte it. adt Pbil or 
DlnaIt534-6S82 toarnnp~ 
.... Dlletime. 

Quotable 
• "Baseball is caring. 

Player and fan alike must 
care, or there's no game, 
there's no pennant race, and 
no World Series." 

• WlUiam Saroyan 

• "It is also necessary at 
this season to establish firm 
emotional connections with 
a major league ball club, to 
share in the agonies of their 
defeats and the ecstasies of 
their triumphs." 

• E.B. White 
• "I don't want to see 

this." 
- Channel 10 sportscaster 

Larry Sacknoft', watching 
the Giants celebrate theirdi-
vision title last night. 

If you are an old 
Guardian illustrator 
or want to be one, 
come to the illustra-
tor meeting at the 
Guardian on Sunday, 
October l ' at 3 :00 
p .m. Bring your 
portfolios! For more 
infonnation, contact 
Jeff at 534-6582. 

. The UCSD Guardian 

In the Bleachers by Steve Moore 
._T .................. ... t'Il-1l::-AI,.............. 11~ 

.... 

"Sure'"t,sure. He's got good sIze, lightnIng 
speed and a great arm .. . But can he make the 

transItion to the broadcast booth?" 

SPOllTS IS 

HOWARD HUGHES MEDICAL INSTITUTE 

DOCTORAL FEUOWSHIPS IN 
BIOLOGICAL SCIENCES 

1990 COMPEIIIION 

Fe llowships are for full -time study toward the Ph.D. or Sc.D. 
degree in cell biology and regulation, genetics, immunology, 

neuroscience, and structural biology. 
Fellmnblp Terms 

Three-year Inilial awards $11 ,700 annual cost-of·education 
• two-year extensions possible allowance, effective June 1990 
S12,900 annual stipend, effective 

June 1990 
EJJaibUity 

Less {han one year of post-
baccalaureate graduate study 
in biology 

• College seniors 
• First year graduate students 
• M.D., DO., D.D.S. D.V M., 

students or professionals 

If in M.D./Ph.D. program 
• Less than one year equi-.:alent 

of tuition support 
No Qtizenship requirements 
• U.S. citizens may tudy abroad 
• Others must study in the 

Uniled States 

Schedule 
- Application deadione: 

November 9,1989 
• Awards announced: 

ea rly April 1990 

• fellowships tart: June 1990-
January 1991 

NOTE: Fellowships are highly competitive. In 1989 more 
than 1,000 applications were reviewed (0 select 60 fellows . 
FOR PROGRAM ANNOUNCEMENTS, EUGIBILITY 

GUIDELINES, AND APPliCATIONS 
Hughe Doctoral fellowships 

National Research Council Fellowship Office 
2101 Constitution Avenue, N.W. 

Washington, DC 20418 
Telephone (202) 334-2872 

The Howard Hughes Medical l""ti,u,e welcomes .pplianions from all qualified 
cand,dates and encourages women and rnmliJe .. of minority groups to apply. 

data 
systems 

L\I\IRSln' 
- -~-~:4 
BOOKSTORE 

WELCOMES UeSD BACK TO SCHOOL 
with special pricing through Oct. 30 on NEW MINISPORT Laptop 

a 
-

Less than 6 pounds with battery! 

Take it everywhere- in your briefcase or backpack! 

Model 1 51332 Model 2 51865 
• I MB RAM .2 MBRAM 

ADDITIONAL HOT SPECIALS 

Desktop 386 16MHz 4MB-RAM 40MB HD Flat screen color monitor ..... $3777 

Desktop 386 25 and 33MHz FREE! Flat screen color monitor ...... Call for price 

Desktop 286 8 MHz 20MB HD I MB RAM Flat screen color monitor . . . . .. $2277 

Supersport-HR Laptop 8MHz 20MB HD 1200 Baud modem .... . . .... .. .. . $1999 

--------------------------. 

6000 FOR ONE FREE Bin 
.lIlle quantltlel lalt 

Name ______________________________ ___ 

Address _____________________________ _ 

Phone ______________________________ ___ 

Facuhy D Student D StafTD 

Open House 
Demonstration 

Thursday, October 5 ....... ~ 
University Bookstore 

Computer Center 
10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

( \ 



I • 

1 IF'fM')S- ....... _-- Thursday, 

Classifieds 
CIuaHIed advertising Is IIOId In 15-
word Increments. The me per 15 
words Is $1 for student .. $3 for fac-
ulty snd 818ft snd $4 for others. 
Peyment In Idvance Is required; 
th-'ore, ads must be mailed wHh a 
check (made payable to The UCSD 
Guardian) or ~ted In peI'IIOn. 
PleaMhaveexactchange.DHdlInea 
are 4 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
paper and 4 p.m. Monday for 
Thursday's paper. The Gu.ret"n 
re .. rves the right to refu.. Iny 
Idvertlslng Including but not limited 
to companionship ad .. For more 
Information call 534-S416. The GUIIf'd-
'.n, UCSD, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
920932. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Surf Club meets Thurs. 9/28,7:30. 
Peterson Hall. Try outs, parties, 
positions to be arranged. (9/28) 
Get your sunglasses ready. The 
ffog is rolling in. Friday, October 
6th. Urey Lawn. (9/28) 
Are you ready for life after UCSD? 
Let the AS Intemship Office help 
you design your own internship. 
Call Jon at 534-4689. (9128-1019) 
RADICALL V INCLINED SKI CLUB 
announces its first meeting is Oct. 
4th, 8:00 p.m., TLH 107. (9/28-101 
2) 
Student Cognitive and Neuros-
cience Society (SCANS) is having 
its 1 st general meeting today, Sept. 
28th, at 3 p.m. Location: Price 
Center, 2nd floor "Santa Barbara" 
room (administrative offices). Top-
ics: upcoming guest speakers, NCR 
tour and MOREl All members are 
encouraged to attend; all interested 
non-members are welcome to at-
tend and join up If they like what 
they see. Don't miss ill (9128) 
SORORITIES. Hope you had a 
great RUSH. We look forward to 
seeing you at our OPEN HOUSE. 
The Sammies. (9128) 
Get your sunglasses ready. The 
ffog is rolling in. Friday, October 
6th. Urey Lawn. (9/28) 
$1,000 CASFAA Scholarship. Eli-
.9ibility: continuing students with 
special circumstances or financial 
hardship (re-entry, singl." parents, 
disability, etc). Applications avail-
able: Student Financial Services 
Office. Due: Monday, 10-2089, 
Scholarship Office, MAAC 214. (91 
28-1012) 

VISA OR MASTERCARD! Even if 
bankrupt or bad credit! We guaran-
tee you a card ordouble your money 
back. Call 1-805-682-7555 EXT. 
M-1052. (9118-10/16) 
Attention Warren students I Join the 
"chain gang" for academic excel-
lence. More info. in the academic 
support center in the Warren apart-
ments. Kick off the year with su-
perb study strategy I (9/25-28) 
Hey you, ya you reading this ad, 
apply for Revelle College Council 
Committees now. Be involved and 
apply today. Applications available 
in Revelle Provost Office. Due by 
Friday 10/6. (9/25-10/2) 
KSDT-FMcoliege radio orientation 
October 3rd Price Center theater 7 
pm-Be there to find out what col-
lege radio is all about. (9/25-28) 
LOOKING FOR PERSONS OF 
STRENGTHllfyou are looking for 
role models for personal and spiri-
tual strength, then join with other 
students in the United Campus 
Ministry Bible Rap. Meets on 
Wednesdays, 6 to 7 pm, Campus 
Ministry Office, Bldg. 502 MAAC. 
(9/25-28) 
Start the year with the right sup-
port. Leam practical and enjoyable 
strategies for managing stress, 
controlling weight and increasing 
fitness that will make a difference 
in your life. See the Canyonviewfor 
the class "Staying Healthy: Strate-
gies for Busy People'" (9/18-1012) 

SERVICES 
WORD PROCESSING-Fast, 
dependable service. Rush jobs 
taken. Call Roger Lo at 458-0404. 
(9128-11130) 
$1,000 CASFAA Scholarship. Eli-
gibility: continuing students with 
special circumstances or financial 
hardship (re-entry, single parents, 
disability, etc), Applications avail-
able: Student Financial Services 
Office. Due: Monday, 10-2089, 
Scholarship Office, MAAC 214. (91 
28-10/2) 
MACINTOSH REPAIRS AND 
UPGRADES. Specializing in 
Macintosh equipment, peripherals. 
Component level repair. Ask about 
hard-drives and 1281512K to Plus 
upgrade specials. Weekends OK. 
P.O.'s. Approved UCSD vendor. 
COMPUFIX 456-5916. (9125-1 0/3) 

---------------------------

I 
I 

~>fi>.~1b\T:;...._ FREE with this coupon " .. 
Plul Mitchell or Aveda Hairbrush 

with any $20 Paul Mltclt.1I or Aveda purchase L __________________________ I 

Beginning tennis lessons. Price 
negotiable. Call evenings 452-
8775. (9/25-28) 

Typing/Word Processing: Aca-
demic manuscripts, theses, books, 
letters, resumes. Fast service. Mary 
Ann 452-9439. (9125-10130) 

Comedy Store Pros available for 
rush parties & killer events. Leave 
message at 450-6439. (9/18-1 0/2) 

Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-1500 
hairs per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. 
Student discounts. (619) 558-4644. 
(619) 226-1962. (9/18-1 /4) 

DONTWALKALONEII The UCSD 
Police Department offers a Com-
munity Service Officer (CSO) 
Escort Program. CSOs are avail-
able to escort individuals on cam-
pus from 5:30p.m. to 1:00 a.m. 
seven days a week including vaca-
tions and holidays. Just call 534-
WALK on any pay phone or 4-
WALK form on campus phones. 
YOUR SAFETY IS OUR FIRST 
CONCERN. (9/18-10/5) 

WA NT E 0 

Counter Service person for new 
take-out restaurant. Friendly, at-
tentive and reliable - $5 hr. Brass 
Buns, Costa Verde. 457-4193. (91 
28) 

Part-timeaftemoon4:3Q-7:30p.m.l 
weekend 7:00-3:00 p.m. shifts 
available for dining room servers in 
1 st class retirement home in La 
Jolla (close to campus). Flexible 
shifts, meals provided, excellent 
working conditions in low-stress en-
vironment. Will train. Call Greg 
Taylor 450-5270. (9128-1012) 

QA inspectors needed for growing 
fiber technology company in Sor-
rento Valley. No experience nec-
essary, must be accurate, we train I 
Close to school an<! flexible hours. 
Bioganeral, 453-4451. (9128) 

EARN $2,000-$4,000. Searching 
for employment that permits work-
ing your own hours, but still chal-
lenging enough for your entrepre-
neurial skills? Manage programs 
for Fortune 500 companies. Earn 
$2,000 to $4,000. CaJ11-800-932-
0528, ext 31. (9128) 

People from the Orient want to 
correspond with Occidental people. 
Send S.A.S.E.: Nefedy Box 1213 
S.D., CA 92112. (9128) 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kinko's' 
the copy cen ter 
457-3775 

8855 Villi La Jolle Dr, 

Positions: Bussing, hostess, cock-
tail, wait, Valle Rose restaurant, 
2660 Via De La Valle, Del Mar, 
481-8861. (9128-10/16) 
Restaurant, La Jolla Shores, close 
to UCSD, now hiring. No experi-
ence necessary, flexible hours. (91 
28-10/2) 
Window washer, residential . Full 
time, ins. veh., good pay, will train. 
Clairemont area, 272-2912. (9/28-
1012) 
Business opportunity. $2,000-
$4,OOO/month part time potential. 
Full company support - no invest-
ment required. 453-8003. (9/28) 
R&liable, loving person to care for 
three children after school. Mon-
day-Thursday. Driving required. 
452-1280. (9128) 
Macintosh part-time flexible hours 
job. Uses Micro8oft Works. Near 
UTCand UCSD. CalI453-1201. (91 
28-1019) 
CRUISESHIPS NOW HIRING for 
spring, Christmas and next sum-
mer breaks. Many positions. Call 
1-805-682-7555 EXT. S-1023. (9/ 
18-10116) 
Drive a new BMW - Earn $5,000+ a 
month part time - Looking for 10 
aggressive, entrepreneurial people 
who would seriously like to change 
their standard of living. Call (714) 
760-7861 anytime. (9/25-10/2) 
FIT PIT positions available for prep, 
counter, cashier at all natural, 
BlushesJuioe Bar 8008 Girard Ave, 
La Jolla Cove, 459-1505. (9/25-28) 
MEET NEW PEOPLE I Look and 
feel greatl Have fun introducing the 
revolutionary, "Secret of Youth" 
"One of the true opportunities of a 
lifetime." - Bill Bixby. For info. call 
(619) 491-1971. (9118-10/2) 
Babysitter two nightslweek. $4.001 
hour, own transportation. Call 450-
~. University City area. (9125-
28) 
Disabled female attorney needs two 
part-time individuals to aid at desk. 
Office hours are 9:00 am, to 7:00 
pm, Monday·through Friday. Du-
ties include fling, occasional book-
keeping, 88liltance at court, good 
grammar end punctuation skills. 
Requires the ability to drive a van-
automaticllWlamission. Pleasecall 
Valerie - 454-9101. (9/25-1015) 
Need people to sell new product. 
Own hours, great $. Call Margaret 
581-6017. (9125-28) 
NOW HIRING Round Table Pizza 
in the Price Center. All shifts, flex-
ible hrs. (9/25-10/5) 
Jobs Jobs Jobs. Earn $7 plus 
bonus. Flexible hours. The ultimate 
Campus job. Call 587 -1585. (9125-
10/5) 
Chlldcare needed for 14 mo girl in 
our Del MIr Heights home; flex 
hours +/-20 tniwk; NIS; must have 
car; referenol8; call 755-1645. (91 
25-28) 
MUSICIANS NEEDEDI The La 
Jolla Symphony and Chorus Asso-
ciation invites musicians to audi-
tion fortheir 1989-90season. There 
are openings in many sections for 
experienced players. All interesled 
persons call conductor Tom Nee at 
534-2679 or the Symphony office 
at 534-4637 to arrange an audition. 
(9/25-9/28) 

Eam $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the effects of alcohol. If 
you are a UCSD student or non-
academic staff, American born, 
male, of entirely Japanese, Chi-
nese, or Korean descent, ('911 
Scripps Clinic and Research Foun-
dation for more information, 554-
2192. (9/18-1/4) 
Restaurant. La Jolla Shores, close 
to UCSD, now hiring. no experi-
ence necessary. flexible hrs. Kevin 
454-8038. (9/18-9/28) 
House cleaners, full or part time. 
flex hours for school schedule, work 
in fine homes, must be dependable 
and honest, have car and tele-
phone. $5.50 to $8.00 per hour 
plus mileage. call Del Mar Maids 
481-4616. (9/18-10/2) 
National Marketing Firm seeks 
mature student to manage on-
campus promotions for top compa-
nies this school year. Flexible hours 
with eamings potential to $2,500 
per semester. Must be organized, 
hard working, and money moti-
vated. Call Gina at (BOO) 592-2121 . 
(9/18-9128) 
Outgoing - Friendly - Responsible 
students to staff Children's Toy Cart 
at U.T.C. Hours flexible to fit your 
schedule. Rate $4.75 per hour plus 
incentive. Call evenings: 487-3063. 
(9/18-1019) 
ATIENTION - HIRINGI Govern-
ment jobs - your area $17,840-
$69,485. Call 1-602-838-8885. Ext 
R18113. (9/18-10/28) 
ATTENTION: EARN MONEY 
READING BOOKS I $32,OOOIyear 
income potential. Details. (1) 602-
838-8885 Ext. Bk18113. (9/18-101 
28) 
Hair Salon Beauty Supplies sales 
person needed part-time. mus1 be 
reliable and enthusiastic. La Jolla 
551-0611. (9118-1015) 
Reliable. honest, enthusiastic indi-
viduals with a desire to serve the 
UCSD Community in a Crime Pre-
vention capacity. UCSD Police 
Department Community Service 
Officer (CSO) Program now ac-
cepting applications for entire aca-
demic year with potential for c0n-
tinuing employment. Prefer indI-
viduals familiar with campus build-
ings, especially dorm areas. Pick 
up an application at the Student 
Part-Time Employment Office. ~ 
plications due Thursday Sept. 28, 
4:30 p.m. at the UCSD Police 
Department, 500 MAAC, across 
from the loading dock of the Price 
Center. Any questions, please call 
534-9255 between 8:30 a.m. and 
4:00 p.m. Ask for Beth. (9/19-28) 
Petitioners Wanted for an initiative 
campaign to house the homeless, 
create affordable housing, and 
restore community services. Pos-
able $6-121hr. Voter Re~ 299-
0540. (9118-1019) 

CRUISESHIPS NOW HIRING for 
spring, Christmas and next sum-
mer breaks. Many positions. Call 
1-805-682-7555 EXT S-1 023. (9/ 
18-10/12) • 

Own room & board in exchange for 
live-in position as tutorlcompanion 
for H.S. girt, includes light house-
hold duties. Encinitas on the water. 
Must have own transportation. 729-
1667 - ask for Joe. (9/1 8-28) 

See CLASSIFIEDS, Pille 17 

bAD' At ;SUO; Eli t . ) ""1" 1 , ICIs5":£5 a,s; .'Dn d 
Thursday, September 28, 1989 The UCSD Guardian CLASSIFIEDS 17 

CLASSIFIEDS Female wanted to share master bedroom near UTC. $240/month + 
1/4 utilities. Includes pool, washing 
machine and dryer. Non-smoker. 
Call Melissa at 458-9145. (9128-
10/2) 

P.B. oceanfront condo 2BR 2BA. 
Parking, laundry, jacuzzi, sauna, 
furnished. $1100/mo. Matt 483-
9516. (9125-28) 

"New' Sigma Kappas: You're the 
best. The fun has only just begun! 
- "Old" Sig Kaps. (9128) Continued from page 16 

FOR SALE 
Honda Accord LX Coupe '83. Auto, 
AlC, AMlFM, pwr-steer, perfect 
condition, $3,500. 566-2513 after 
7 p.m. (9/28) 

Twin bed in great condition, Mat-
tress and boxspring. No rips or 
stains. CaR evenings 457-4609. (91 
28) 

Waterbed. soft-sided, new heater, 
queen size. $70 OBO. CaB Karen 
458-9768 eves. (9128-1015) 

FOR SALE: VW Rabbit Diesel, 
1980, low mileage, one owner, runs 
great, very good condition. $ 1,9001 
best offer. 450-4671, leave a mes-
sage. (9/28) 

New IBM XT Computer, printer, 
moni1or, software included. Free 
installation and delivery. $790. 943-
7313, Kristi. (9128) 

1984 Nissan Sentra. 4 door, sun-
roof, 4 cyl., 5 speed, great gas. 
saver. $3,485. 224-0700. (9/28) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, 4wheelers, 
TV's, stereos, furniture, computers 
by DEA, FBI, IRS and US customs. 
Available in your area now. Call 1-
805-682-7555 Ext. G-1199. (9118-
10116) 

STOP HAIR LOSSI Proven Euro-
pean Formulation now available. 
(Not sold in stores.) For details call: 
456-7898. (9125-1012) 

WRINKLES DISAPPEAR I Prov-en 
new non-surgical face lift for both 
sexes. Completely sefe. In just 30 
min, you look 5-10 years younger. 
For details call (619) 456-7898. (9/ 
18-10/2) 

6'4" Van Zanten Thrustersurtboard, 
square-tailw/channels. Very clean, 
6 mos new; $150. Call Mike 578-
8826. (9125-28) 

STONESIGUNS N ROSESlLIV-
ING COLOR L.A. COLISEUM 
Thursday, Oct. 19 (SOLD OUT). 7 
excellent tickets. Call 452-9811. 
$ 1100 o.b.o. takes them all. Negol 
to split set. Leave message, (9125-
1012) 

Commodore 1280 computer plus 
monitor with word processor pr0-
gram. Exoe1lentconditlon -$300.00. 
457-7706. (9125-28) 

Mountain Bike, 20 112" Diamond 
Back APEX, brand new, just two 
weeks old, $585 new, selling $480 
or best offer. Call 452-8842. (9125-
1015) 

IBM compatible, 640 memory, 2 
drives, monitor, keyboard, printer, 
software, floppies, 1 year warranty 
$795. Call John 454-4563. (9/25-
1012) 

Futon & Frame: $100. Sofabed 
hardwood trim: $200. Both unused, 
can deliver 458-9571 . (9118-10126) 

Rent dorm or apt size Sanyo f8frig-
erator from $55 per IchooI year. 
RAR 695-9006. (9118-10112) 

ATIENTION - GOVERNMENT 
SEIZED VEHICLES FROM $100. 
Fords, Mercedes, Corvettes, 
Chevys. Surplus Buyers Guide. 1-
602-838-8885 EXT. A 18113. (91 
18-10/28) 

ATTENTION - GOVERNMENT 
HOMES from $1 (U-repair). Delin-
quenttax property. Repossessions. 
Call 1-602-838-8885 Ext. 
GH18113. (9118-10128) 
19834x4ChevyBlazerV-6:loaded, 
good condition/transportation. 
$59000.B.0.CaIIGreg456-49OO1 
481-0540. (9118-1015) 
SEIZED CARS, trucks, 4whee1ers, 
TV's, stereos. fumiture, computers 
by DEA, FBI, IRS, and US Cus-
toms. Avallableyourarea now. Call 
1-805-682-7555 Ext G-1199. (91 
18-10112) 

HOUSI~JG 
House for rent, 3 bdrms, non-
smokers, Mira Mesa. $l,5OOImo 
includes utilities. 566-5876, 
Rowena. (9128) 

REPOSSESSED VA & HUD 
HOMES available from government 
from $1 without credit check. You 
repair. Also tax delinquent foreclo-
sures CAll 1-800-682-7555 EXT 
H-1443 for repa list in your area. (91 
18-1019) 

5 ROOMMATES WANTED (non-
smokers) for a 3400 sqft home 
near Fairbanks Ranch. 1.25 acre 
19t with pool. $400-$450 each! 
month. Call John at 756-3847 or 
549-2366. (9125-1012) 
Miission Beach, 2BR - 2BA, fur-
nished, ocean view, $900-$950 
month. 488-1395 or 259-1457. (91 
25-1015) 

PERSONALS 
RADICALLY INCLINED SKI CLUB 
announces its first meeting Is Oct. 
4th, 8:00p.m., TLH 107. (9128-101 
2) 

To our Pi Kapp Party Pals - This 
summer with you guys was intense I 
Dos, Family Feud, the Ramada .. No 
wayl The end of one raging chap-
ter and the start of another ... If you 
can keep up with us. WE'RE 2 
HYPEI (9128) 

A warm welcome back to all 
S.C.A.N.S. members. You can look 
forwardtoa well planned and event-
ful school year, sincerely Ali. (9/28) 

Congratulations to the sororities 
on an excellent rush and welcome 
all pledges. -The Sigma K's. (91 
28) 
GOLDEN KEY MEMBERS! Gen-
eral Meeting/Elections Thursday, 
September 28th, 8 p.m., Price 
Center, Rm 5, 2nd floor. (9/28) 
Meet people from all overthewor1d, 
young and old. Please send 
S.A.S.E. to N.F.D. Box 121094, 
SO, CA 92112. (9!28) 

Ge1 your sunglasses ready. The 
ffog is rolling in. Friday, October 
6th. Urey Lawn. (9128) 
Attention: Good Samaritan who re-
turned a purse to the Gym on 9121 . 
You are a saintl I am etemally 
grateful. -K.L. (9/28-1012) 

See CLASSIFIEDS, Pille 18 

Our way 

You can save literally days of 
work between now and grad-
uation. Simply by using an HP 
calculator. 1b keep you from 
endlessly retracing your steps, 
ours have built-in shortcuts. 
Such as the unique HP Solve 
function for creating your own 
formulas. Menus,labels and 
prompts. Program libraries. 
Algebraic or RPN models. 

J 19tN IIt' ''''' '1 1 1 ·.Hkard('I ~lpa ,,-,,' '"( i l2'I" 11 

Better algorithms and chip 
design help you finish much 
faster and more accurately 
than their way. So, whether 
you're in engineering, busi-
ness, finance,life or social 
sciences, we've got the best 
calculator for you. For as 
little as 549.95. Check it out 
at your campus books tore 
or HP retailer. 

There is a better way. 

rl~ HEWLETT 
.:~ PACKARD 

.. 

I I 



/ () 

••• 

18 CLASSIFIEDS 

THE 

(THE WHOLE CAMPUS CATALOG) 

The Cuide 
To The 

UCSD Universe 

For under a 
dollar, you can 
finally find out 
what the WCC 
is. Pick up one 
at the UCSD 
Bookstore or 
General Store 
Co-op. And 
no, there is not 
a koala on the 
cover-- look for 
purple skies ... 

Thun(lay, ~septcmbcr 28; 198"9 

-P-RO-F-ES-SO-R-S-,·· E-N-D---' CLASSIFIEDS 
Continued from page 17 

THE nAPER CHASE Beth labko:longtlme noseel Call rM me at 457-8104. -Marci. (9128) 

USE KlNKO'S PROFESSOR PUIUSHING SERVICE 
Give your students an a lternative to the Library Reserve Room. We'lI 
turn your loose course materials Into bound c loss readers. 

NO CHARGE, TO YOU OR YOUR DEPARTMENT 
LOWEST POSSIBlf COST TO YOUR sruDENTS 
OUR REP WIll HELP ORGANIZE YOUR MATER1ALS 
FREE PICK UP AND DELMRV 
FREE COPY'RIGHT ASSISTANCE 
OPEN 24 HOURS 7 DAYS A WEEK 

LET US DO THE CHASING WHILE YOU DO THE TEACHING 

kinko~' 
the copy center 

La Jolla Village Square 
457·3775 • OPEN 24 HOURS 

L'\I\II6ITY 

l) )():. ~"'() U L' u( .\" j ;"\L 
L.JCSLl 

RECOVERY FROM EATING DIS-
ORDERS IS POSSIBLE. Overeat-
ing, constant dieting, purging, ex-
cessive exerclsing can keep you 
fal learn to see yourseH as an In-
strumental person, not an orna-
mental one. SLIDING-SCALE FEE 
for individual & group psychother-
apy. Julie Keck, M.A., MFCCI 
IIMF14678, 454-4051 . (9128-101 
2) 

$1,000 CASFAA Scholarship. Eli-
gibility: continuing students with 
special circumstances or financlal 
hardship (re-entry, single parents, 
disability, etc). Applications avail-
able: Student Financial ServIces 
Office. Due: Monday, 10-2089·, 
Scholarship Office, MAAC 214. (9/ 
28-10/2) 

Get involved in" Revelle Commit-
tees. Apply at Revelle Provost Of-
fice now. Due 1016. (9126-1012) 

WANTED: 100 people. lose up to 
25 Ibs in the next 30 days!! 452-
3710. (9125-28) 

Mactober 
Fest '89 

OON'TWAlKAlONEIiTheUCSD 
Police Department offers a Com-
munity Service Officer (CSO) Es-
cort Program. CSOs are available 
to escort individuals on .campus 
from 5:30p.m. to 1:00 a.m. seven 
days a week including vacations 
and holidays. Just Cf811534-WAlK 
on any pay phone or 4-WALK form 
on campus phones. YOUR 
SAFETY IS OUR FIRST CON-
CERN. (9/18-10/5) 

Danielle - Miss you. Wish you 
were here, or I there. Love, Dave. 
(9/28) 

STONES tix. LA Coliseum, Wed-
nesday, 10/18. $110/pair, obo.CaII 
Miick at 535-9752. (9128) 

Hands-On Demonstrations 

Prizes 

Drawings ..• 

New Products! 

Apple 
Aldus 
IDD 

Informix 
Schum berger 

VersaCAD 
WordPerfect 

and others ••.•••• 

October 3, 1989 
10 a.m. to 3 p.m. 
University Bookstore 

Computer Center 

.. 

BlM - Always have. Think I al-
ways will. Waiting for you to figure 
it out. -You know. (9128) 

To the brown-haired gir1 In the gray 
sweater at the dance on 9126: I've 
wanted you since I saw you in VA 
84, Fall '88. Write me and 1'1 sweep 
you off your feel -Jason, Box 
924754. (9/28) 

Your friendly sports department 
would like to remind you that the 
A's and the Giants clinched their 
respective divisions last night. 
Thank you. (9128) 

Gary - lers get in touch. -Bruth. 
(9/28) 

Guardian 
Photographers' 

Meeting 
• New Photographers 

Welcome 

6 P.M. 
At the Guardian 

Office 

. ... .... , ..... _ .................... "'........... . ......... ........... --......... ~. ~ . -.. ... . 
Thutsday, September 28, 1989 

Three Defending Champions ·to Compete In Friday's Festivities 

BGIF: Triton Athletic Tradition in the Making 
By DANA CHAIKEN 
Associate Sports Editor 

Six years ago, when some 
UCSD students began their col-
lege C81eers, and others were fm-
ismn, elementary school, the ath-
letic department conceived of 
BGIF, or Blue and Gold Incredible 
Friday. 

IlStarted as a spinoff from TGIF 
(Thank God It's Friday), when the 
afternoon concerts featuring free 
beer were first becoming popular. 

The intercollegiate staff at the 
time, under athletic director Judy 
Sweet, wanted a celebration where 

the emphasis would be on sports, 
not beer. 

The point was to introduce new 
people to Triton sports, and show 
thediversityofprogramsatUCSD. 
1bedepartment schedules as many 
games as possible to showcase 
UCSD talent, and direct attention 
to the sports venues. 

"At a young university, it is 
hard to get traditions Star1ed. This 
is one that's catching on and get-
ting bigger and better every year," 
UCSD Sports Information Direc-
tor Bill Gannon staied. 

Gannon claims that this event, 
in addition to Spirit Night during 

U MITED CAMPUS M IMISTRY 
7flete.",u t~ 

j.4 
~"'" 211Mtft 

U.C.M. is the ministry of the Presbyterian, Methodist. 
United Church of Christ, and DiSCiples of Christ churches 
on the campus. 

Bible Rap will begin on Wednesday, Sept. 27 from 6 to 7 
p.m., Bldg. #502. Welcome B-B-Q on Friday, Sept. 29, 6 
p.m .. RSVP 534-2521 . 

Rev. Bob Wagener, Campus Minister 

• SELF SElMCE COPIERS 
• YOWME DISCOUNTS 
• PROFESSORS NOTES 
• Free Perking • Book Binding 
• Copia while you wait 

HON,..: M-Th 8:»6:30, Fri. 8:»6, 
Set 12-4 • 32 t 1 I-IoIidey court 

La JoIIe next to St. GermaIn's 

451-9949 

The home of th'e 

basketball season, rivals regional 
and national championships here 
in attendance. 

Last year's BGIF drew 15()()" 
plus for volleyball, approximately 
900 for water polo, and more than 
SOO for men's soccer. The same 
turnout or better is expected this 
year because of the lineup of games 
featuring the same three UCSD 
championship teams. 

The day kicks off at 3:30 p.m. 
with the men's soccer team at the 
North Campus Stadium. The de· 
fending national champions take 
on cross-city rival University of 
San Diego, one of lhe Tritons' 

A FREE GIFT JUST 
FOR CALLING PLUS 

RAISE UP TO 
$1,700.00IN ONLY 

TEN DAYSIII 
Student groups, fra-
temHles and 8Ororl-

t,es needed for 
marketing project on 
campus. For details 
plus a FREE GIFT, 
group officers call 

1-800-950-8472, 
ext. 30 

• 
• 

victims in last year's undefealed 
season. UCSD holds a 5-1-1 edge 
in head-to-head play over the 
Division I Toreros against the 
years, and is corning off a close 
loss to second-ranked Division I 
UCLA. 

Fans will have a difficult time 
choosing between voIleybaU and 
water polo at 7 p.rn. 

In women's volleyball, the three-
time defending national champion 
women's volleyball leam plays 
host to ranked Division II 
Chapman. Although the Panthers 
beat the Tritons 15-4, 15-11 atthe 
Fresno Pacific Tournament earlier 

• wITH THIS AD 

this year, UCSD owned a 5-1 rec-
ord over them last year. A tough 
game is expected on Friday night. 

The ninth-ranked men's water 
polo team guns for an upset against 
number four Pepperdine. UCSD 
has clipped the Waves 11-10 in 
both of the last IWO years. 

Pepperdine's rosterfeatureJ two 
world-class players, one from 
Yugoslavia and another who was 
the backup goalie on the Austra-
lian Olympic Team. 

Pepperdine scored a revenge 
victory over the Trilons wilh a 15-
7 win at the UCIrvineToumament 
in mid-September. 

Wolff System. 2nd 30 Tan Days $39 Call for details 

~--------------------------Lose 6" in 2 hours guaranteed 
$48 European Body Wrap (30% SIlVInts) 

LolC 6 inches ",aranteed in writin. or your money back .Not a temporary 
water lou • Intro Wrap. Reduce cellulite. No exercise • Call for.delAils 

---------------------------
TAl 4 LEU laD n -.ve St Germain's 455-m 

• Paafic Beadl581 •• Missiol Valley S42..a131 
• Sports Anna 224-9777 

NOW OPEN! 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

4150 REGENTS PARK Ro\'v 
(North 0/ Anthony's, Penguin's. Regents Medical Center) 

Featuring 24 varieties of fresh· baked bagels 
ALL NATURAL. NO PRESERVATIVES 

Breakfast - Deli sandwiches - Cream cheese spreads 

OPEN 7 DAYS Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m., Sat. ·Sun. 7:30 a .m. 587.1136 

---------------------------------UCSD SPECIAL 
, Free Bagels 

with every dozen (2-dozen limit) 
Offer expires Oct. 6, 1989 

49¢ hall1burger. 
I ! (f) M~'[)O"l1ltim 
:2 ~ J!loP. 

loA\'O~O' 

DED GALLERY 
beCalf!ie: 

• We cater to students . No credit card necessary . No depOSit 
necessary for qualltled renters . MOVies, Video recorders/ TVs 
and cameras for sale or rent . Huge selection of movies 7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
u....1]1111!11~--------------------

---ALLAMEIDCAN-MEAL---
Quarter Pounder ' with Cheese, Medium Fry. 

II 
II II Llmil one coupon p e r II custo mer. per VIS" Please 

p re sent coupon w hen II ordering Not valid with 

Medium-Size Soft Drink 

ti·~t't" 
___ I •••••••• 

~ 
.. 

GRAND OPENINGI 
NEWCOSTA VERDE CENTER 

on Genessee between Nobel and 
La Jolla Village Drive. opposite UTe 

SAtURDAY, SEPT •• , II •• m.-IO p.m. 
PRIZES. PRIZES. GIVEAWAYS • PRIZES 

SPECIAl APPEARANCE BY CAPTAIN VIDEO 

I I I I I I 



I. 

20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, September 28, 1989 

Sports 
Men's Water Polo 5-0 at Brown University Invitational 

UCSD Shows East Coast Teams Who's Boss 
By DANA CHAIKEN 
Associate Sports Editor 

UCSD's men's waterpoloteam 
stonned into Providence, Rhode 
Island and made quite a few waves 
while compiling a 5-0 record in the 
Brown University Invitational. 

In the non-tournament, dual-

game format , the ninth-ranked 
Tritons topped five top-twenty 
teams from the east, and upped 
their record to 10-6 in the mean-
time. 

Heading into the competition, 
Head Coach Denny Harper felt it 
would be a "disaster" if they didn't 
go 5-0. Not only did they cruise 

Women's Soccer Records Another 
Shutout; Men Edged 1-0 by UCLA 
By DANA CHAIKEN 
Associate Sports Editor 

What happens at UCSD 
women's soccer games? 

Nothing. Absolutely nothing. 
Well, okay, that's only on one 

end of the field. That is, the end of 
the field where goalie Julie Freiss 
stands ... alone. 

Triton opponents rarely ever 
cross midfield, which directly 
correlates to UCSD's 36-0 edge in 
scoring over their seven victims. 

"The latest ... ictim, Redlands, fell 
4-0 on Monday as Felicia Faro, 
Karin Lindsay, Heather Mauro, and 
Sheila Takahashi made things hap-
pen at the other end of the field. 

The men's soccer team proved 
it could be competitive against 
scholarship programs, as it lost a 
tough 1-0 game to the undefeated 
UCLA Bruins. UCLA is ranked 
second nationally in Division I. 

Although the Tritons only 
managed three shots on goal, for-

ward Scott Rommel felt they 
pushed the Bruins throughout the 
entire contest. 

"The game's lone goal came just 
before halftime, on what Rommel 
called a "perfect shot" that UCSD 
goalie Brian Siljander had no 
chance to save. 

Although their 32-garne un-
beaten streak has ended, and it 
might appear that the Tritons have 
fallen on hard times with two losses 
and a tie in their last three games, 
their losses have been against top-
ranked Division land NAlA teams. 

Rommel leads a balanced Tri-
ton scoring attack with three goals. 
Fellow forwards Carrick Brewster 
and Chris Romey each have two, 
followed by Wally Whittier and 
Chris Hanssen with one apiece. 

In the assist department, Mike 
Kappes leads with four, and five 
others are tied at ODe. 

Siljander is averaging.44 goals 
against per game, having given up 
just four in nine games. 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 

Favorite 
4gers 

By PHIL GRUEN 
Sports Editor 

(Phil is currently 1·1) 

NFL Football 

Spread 
S· 

Underdog 
Rams 

PHll/S ANAL YSIS ... If you read' these "Picks" on a 
regular basis last year, you know it. If you're new, and you 
decide to make this betting line a regular part of your 
Guardian reading, you'll fmd out. You see, I'm from the 
Bay Area, and I've rooted for Bay Area sports teams all my 
life. Therefore, if I'm picking a game that involves a Bay 
Area team, chances are pretty good IU go with it -
especially if the game involves an L.A. team. I'll admit, 
it's hard to bet against the Lakers, but I have no problem 
going against the Rams. The Rams? What a joke. Can 
somebody please tell me the last time the Rams finished 
ahead of the 4gers? Please? And the fact that substance-
abusing Ram defensive back Leroy Irvin has returned 
makes no difference to me. None. And besides, did you 
watch what the Niners did to those upstart Philadelphia 
Eagles in the fourth quarter last week? It wasn't a pretty 
sight. But don't think San Francisco is going to wait until 
the fourth quarter to do away with the hapless Rams on 
Sunday. Gee, I wonder what PHIL wants you to do ... 

TAKE THE 49ERS 
"Officilliine from .... Sporn T owe". Lu v ..... /'IV 

through undefeated, but they cre-
ated some hurricane Hugo-type 
havoc themselves. 

The Tritons began by disman-
tling host 13th-ranked Brown, 13-
5. Then they battled Navy, and 
triumphed with a 9-7 win after 
trailing 4· 1 early on. 

Harper expressed his pleasure 

at his team's poise and persever-
ance. "We didn't panic. We rallied 
from some critical fourth period 
mistakes," he said. 

UCSD rounded out the first day 
by thumping 16th-ranked Univer-
sity of Massachusetts, 14-6, and 
20th-ranked lona, 16-1. 

The lona shutdown provided an 

Charger Spotlight: 

example of the tough play of first-
year starter J.P. Beay in the cage. 

TIteTritons rounded out a sweep 
for west coast teams (Stanford also 
won all five of its matches), with a 
14-5 victory over Harvard. 

Juniors Jason Brown and Greg 
Goodrich both scored 15 goals in 

See W. POLO, pagelS 

By TOM! ARBOGAST Rod Bernstine action. He was placed on the physically unable 
to perfonn (pUP) list, 
was limited toafew drills 
and rehabilitating exer-
cises, and was unable to 
panicipate in the daily 
offensive patterns. But 
the little rehabilitation he 
had must haveworked. 

COnlribwing Writer 
He prides himself in 

being a tight end, but 
after Sunday's game 
against the Kansas City 
Chiefs, San Diego 
Charger Rod Bemstine 
proved that there is 
another facet to his of-
fensive pme: and it's in 
the backfield. 

In 'front of over 
40,000 fans in San Di-
ego Jack Murphy Sta-
dium, number 82 daz-
zled the crowd with fi ve 
carries for 73 yards in-
cluding a touchdown on 
a one-yard pass from 
quarterback Jim McMa-
hon in the third quarter. 
But there was more. 

By the end of camp, 
it appeared to Charger 
officials that he was 
physically ready to play. 
But it was up to Bem-
stine to make the first 
move. 

With a great deal of 
confidence and a stronl 
will to play, Bemstine 
returned to active duty. 

Because of running 
back Gary Anderson's 
holdout, the Chargers 
moved Bemstine over to 
the role of H-back (m0-
tion tight end). Though 

Bemstine wa.'1 called 
upon again in the fourth 
quarter to take a delayed 
hand-off from McMa- Rod Bernstine. tight end turned H-back, breaks he has played in the 
hoo, which he ran for 32 into the open field for the Chargers. backfield before - dur-
yards into the endzone L..-_______________ ---' ing his college days at 
to close out the scoring Texas A &: M - Bemst-
in a 21-6 win for the Chargers. much of a contribution because he 

Bemstine currently leads the 
team in receptions with 14 for 
126 yards. He also ranks second 
in rushing with nine carries for 
119 yards. Not the kind of stats 
you'd expects from a tight end. 

"I'm a tight end in disguise," 
he said. "I'm just happy to be 
contributing to the ball club." 

In training camp, however, 
Bemstine was unable to make 

was rehabilitating from last year's 
knee injury. The injury, which 
occurred in week 14 against the 
Cincinnati Bengals, ended his 
successful 1988 campaign where 
he made 29 catches for 340 yards. 

During the Chargers' recent 
training camp, held on the North 
Campus Recreation Fields at 
UCSD, it looked as if it might be a 
, 'hile before Bemstine returned to 

ine's duties as a Charger have been 
primarily restricted to the tight end 
position. But not this year. 

Bemstine has shown that he has 
not lost the ability to come out 0 
the backfield to find the open hole 
in order to gain the necessary 
yardage ... and then some. 

Head Coach Dan Henning said 
that Bemstine has a way of making 
the defense miss. "He catches the 

See BERNSTlNE, page IS 

Upcoming lntercolkgiate Sports AttrfJCtions ••. 

Soecer(W) 

voUe,w(W) 
Water Polo (M) 

lDR 
UNIVEUITY OF SAN DIEGO 
UCSDAUJMNI 
USC (Sa 1m 1'1') 
at a.mnoac .. Scdpp. CoIJe&e 
UCSDALUMNI 
CHAPMAN,COLLEGE 
at Uuivenity of La Verne 
PEPPERDINE UNIVERSITY 
at Cal State Long Beach 
UCIRVINE 

DIf& 
Sep.l9 
Oct. 1 
Oct. 4 
Sop. 28 
Sep.30 
Sep.29 
Sep.3O 
Sep.29 
Sep.30 
Oct. t 

llIIc 
3:38,... 
1:30,... 
3:31 .... 
3:00p.m. 1",... 
7:1e,... 
7:30p.m. 
7:oep.m. 
Noon 
Noon 

t AT l)~ 
arts entertainment 

Jazz music;'n dabbled in pop, he now 
maintain~I.·· ba.lance between the two 

'ft; 
, ' .. ., KellIn "",."",., 

IArb • ...", 
MoM: people', knowledae of&r.nfotd '@ C8D be trac:ed 

_ .. J ... Il.1l185,obe .... he~3 .. · = SdDccbinc 
"Live Aid. "n.t elCP<*JN to the world _led . 10 a .. deal 
oflUCCell Buthelwn'tletthilCOl'lliclenlble hieltJleofper-
form1nc. s.,. Robert r.Imer in thI: New York TIIIIIIII. "It ... well for 
BranfOrd Marulil that after tourInt the world willa 1M rock ... StIne. 
playing with him at the 'LIve Aid' concert fOr a television audience of 
mlUlons, and malting two albums ofhis own fOrC8S, he is still explorlni 

the modem)llz ~In a club tettm,.1t While not exactly In a true 
club __ BanbdM-liawill beplayqoo......,..atManclerille 
Auditorium Oft Wedneeday, October <t. 

~ btl recent rise to notGriety, bOOed Manalis baa been a 
recqrnized ..... 01 the tenor sax fOr many yean. In 1982, a then-
unknown taX pa.,. nan* Wynton Manalia re&e.ed his RIf-titled 
debut album with Kenny Ktrklandon plano, Jdf"Tainw Watts on drurns. 

SeeIlARSALIS, PICI8 6 

SEPTEMBER 28, 1989 ' 



What's Cooking At Sushi 

MI ...................... n 
566-1917 

Sea of Love 
Black Rain 

When Harry Met Sally 
Uncle Buck 

u.IY .... .., , .... C ....... 6 
452-7766 

Sea of Love Shirley Valentine Parenthood 
Milo and Otis Uncle Buck Lethal Weapon 2 

sex, lies, & videotape 

... Jolt. VII ........... n 
453·7831 

Dead Poet's Society River of Death 
Black Rain Johnny Handsome 

CcMt--459-~ When Harry Met Sally 
1( •• CI __ --283-5909 

Oct. 27-28: Seduction: The Cruel Woman 
Oct. 29: Invasion of the Body Snatchers 

Every Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: Rocky Horror Picture Show 

YEARS 
AHEAD 

HAIRCUTS 
by Christina and Mark. 

Women 517 (reg. $25) 
Men 514 (reg. $19) 

Summer Specials 
Perm & Haircut or 
Highlight & Haircut 550 

For appoimment. pleas~ call 457·2930. 8950 "illII La Jolla Dr •• 
S tt!. 2120. La Jo/lo (behind EI Toriro directly across ramp.) 

By Christina Huizar 
Hiatus Staffwriter 

For those of you who are unfa-
miliar with the name Sushi, let me 
clear up a few misunderstandings 
you may have conjured up. 

First of all, they do not size and 
sell those uncooked treasures 
wrapped in seaweed that are served 
for a fortune at your local yuppie 
haven. Secondly, they do not pay 
people to stand on stage and per-
form so-called "weird" things and 
then claim it is art with a capital 
A. 

While the "Art" aspect is open 
to debate, please take my word on 
the initial premise. Sushi Inc. is an 
art gallery in downtown San Di-
ego that specializes in perform-
ance and visual an. This weekend 
Sushi Inc. will present an evening 

AT7--
= ~ SLEEP SHOPS 

Studio III 
Versatile and 

affotdable. expertly 
designed to convert 

from sofa to lounge to 
bed ill seconds. 

ALL THREE FUNCTIONS 
ONE LOW PR,ICE 

PRICE INCLUDES 
5·LAYER FUTON 

TWIN SIZE $149 
FULL SIZE $159 

QUEEN SIZE $169 
ALSO SPECIALIZING IN 

BONUSI 
20% OFF 
FUTON COVER 

WHEN PURCHASED 
WITH FRAME AND 

FUTON. LARGE 
SELECTION. 

Large selection of 
select stock covers 

Waterbed IllPlllits • 8w ~s· AcutlII.-tll1ll· saot' WIllS • ~mocks • tom1l1fUrt • OecOfall'lt p,IIows 
THE lEST PRICES ON THE LARGEST SELECTION OF OUALITY FUTONS AND FRAMES IN SAN DIEGO 

.~ 

-

• 110 DAYS IAIE AS CUH 
• FlUICII' AVAllAalE 

• UlE '11«1 lOT VALID IN 
CONJUICTIOI WITH OTHER 

DFFERS 

NORTH PARK PACIFIC BEACH 
lit Univer~ty t453 Garnet 

285__ 270-3680 
WlHdays lllam·7pnl WwKdiY$ loam· 7pm 

MIRAMAR CHULA VISTA 
m Mirwr 118 Broadway 
548·7373 585-7010 

Wlftdays tOam·7pm Call stOft tor hrs 
SAIURDAY 10 am-6 pm. SU.DAY 11 am·) pm 

OCEAN BEACH 
4811 W PI Loma 

224.Q1188 
.. days tllam·7pm 

OCEANSIDE 
22111 EI Call1lll Rill 

72\·5477 
Wtekdays 11 am-8 pm 

sal llam-6 pm; Sun t2·5 pm 

(\ 

of seven dance solos by Kate 
Lounsbury titled Leaning On the 
Moment. 

Kate Lounsbury has been a driv-
ing force in the San Diego dance 
community for the last 10 years. 
She has performed with all of the 
major dance companies in the area. 
Past performances include "Three's 
Company," "Dancers" and 
"Ophidian Tales," part ofNeofest 
IV: Festival of the New Arts. 
Lounsbury will take her experi-
ence. discipline and talent to the· 
stage at the Sushi Inc. gallery for 
two evening performances. Sept. 
29 and 30. 

Both nights promise to be full 
of a wide range of works by chore-
ographers from the San Diego area. 
Selections in the program include 
"Homeland," a suite of thrq: solos 

by choreographer Cate Bell. 
This piece will use traditional 

black South African music rocom-
pliment a personal ethnic dance 
style requiring tremendous con-
centration on Lounsbury's behalf. 

Another should-be-interesting 
piece is the strangely entitled 
"Moth In My Ear" by Debit Toth. 
This performance will bring to-
gether cont~mporary music by 
Eurythmics, David Byrne, and 
Brian Eno to accompany the tale 
of an unfolding new love. 

Other pieces on the LeaningOn 
the Moment program are "Red 
Dress," by Patricia Sandback, 
which toys with the issue of isola-
tion and consequences. and "To-
ward Stillness," also by Sandback. 
As the title suggests, her choreog-
raphy deals with the grim realities 
of loss and grief. 

A more lighthearted approach 
will be taken in "Introduction" 
and "Myss of Thithiphuth" by 
George Willis and Carl Yamamoto. 

The Sushi Inc. gallery is lo-
cated at852 8th Avenue. between 
E and F streets. General admission 
is $10. 

Hiatus Staff 
Hlatul Editor 

Patty Jettie 
Aslociate tlatus Editor 

Nancy Muntner 
Mullc Assignment Manager 

Lany Weintraub 

Interns 
CaroUne Altman 

Ramine Bahrambegi 
Mike Berta 

Walter R. Sitts 
Scott Casmer 

dermatology 
• skin cancer • mole removal 

• skin peels • acne, warts. psoriasis 

• leg veins • thinning hair 

ALEX. O. PETERSON, JR., M.D. 
Board Certified Dermatologist 

Hours 8 a m.-5 p.m. M· F, some Salurdays . 

552-8842 
8950 VI LLA LA JOLLA DR. STE. 1121 

(behind Elephanl Bar Restaurant) 

2 HIATUS SEPTEMBER 28 1 989 

Gangster Film W~th A Twist 
By Bryan Dias 
Hiatus Intern 

When my editor asked me to 
review the new Michael Douglas . 
film "Blacle Rain," I was a little bit 
wary of the idea. You see, I had 
already made plans to go on a date 
and the concept of taking a first 
date toseeacops-and-robbers flick 
wasn't overwhelmingly appealing, 
to say [he least. But when the 
editor [old me it was free for me 
and a guest, I said "perfect." 

"Black Rain" is a new film from 
Paramount which teams up direc-
tor Ridley Scott (Blade Runnn) 
with the producing team of Stanley 
Jaffe and Sherry Lansing and their 
Fatal AtlTaction' acquaintance 
Michael Douglas. The film also 
stars Andy Garcia (T~ UntoUCh-
ables, Stand and Delim) and Kate 
Capshaw (Indiana }0ne5 and the 
Temple of Doom). Also appearing 
in the film are two ofjapan's best 
Icnown actors, Ken Takalcura and 
Yusalca Matsuda. 

The film is the story of two New 
York cops (Douglas and Garcia) 
who capture a ruthless japanese 
mafia, or ·Yakuza," killer named 
Sato in a New York restaurant. 
The two are then charged with the 
task of escorting Sato back to the 
japanese authorities. Once in ja-
pan, Sato qUickly escapes. As the 
story unfolds, the audience learns 
that Sato is a renegade in the japa-
nese underground and is battling 

other Yakuza leaders for territory. 
The two streetwise cops then team 
up with the very different japa-
nese police to capture the villain. 

Much of the appeal of this film 
doesn't so much lie in the story as 
it does in the details. The pictur-
esque setting of Osaka. Japan, pro-
vides a great deal of the movie's 
interest, as does the very realistic 

own countries. Michael Douglas' 
character is facing charges for 
taking money from a crime scene 
when he leaves for Japan. The 
characterofSato is an "American-
ized" thug, with a disregard for the 
honor code which has governed 
the Yakuza for generations. 

The movie is fairly realistic, 
with a few exceptions, such as they 

... the concept of taking a first date to see a 
cops-and-robbers flick wasn't overwhelm-
ingly appealing, to say the least. But when 
the editor told me it was free for me and a 
guest, I ssid "perfect. " 

portrayal of the japanese culture. 
The story alone would be just 

another run-of-the-mill gangster 
flick if it weren't for the similari-
ties and contrasts between the 
American and Japanese cultures. 
In Japan. a country where honor is 
everything, even for the gangsters, 
much of the true focus of the pic-
ture becomes apparent. The way 
everything operates in Japan is on 
a completely different level than it 
is in the United States. This con-
trast is what made the film so en-
tertaining. Douglas and Garcia are 
used to "doing it their way." When 
they are fa~ed with Japanese po-
lice, they struggle as much with 
them as they do with Sato. 

The important characters in the 
film bothface reprimand from their 

a scene in which the cops are es-
corting Sato to Japan. The scene 
unfolds to reveal the three sitting 
in the first class section of a com-
mer!=ial airline flight. Now per-
sonally, if I was in charge of the 
airline, I don't think I would want 
a ruthless killer sitting on my plane. 

For the most part "Black Rain" 
an excellent movie. The acting is 
good, the story is ambitious and 
challenging to the audience, and 
the action is well-paced. The film 
is very violent, but the violence is 
portrayed in a manner so as to 
make the drama and realism of the 
story that much more vivid. It is a 
film well worthseeing,evenforsix 
bucks. 

One final note: my date liked 
the movie. [00. 

UCSO UNIVERSITY EVfNlS & STUDENT ACTIVITIES AND FM9I WELCOMfS 
ICIFM 9Il _....,.~-!!".., 

, 

f URI! 
T 10 JEEPY Tg'~.W~5'~ .. R " ~51 • ..ss • 

• "",.0 • loea ~ ~ K_~ OcrOBER 4, WED, 7 & 10 P.M. 
MANDEVW AUDITORIUM 

G.A. $16.00. STUDENTS $13.00 
UCSO fAc/STAlf & s..CIT. $ 14.00 

.~ & UCSO lox OffiCI: 5~·"559 

pre.ent 

KENNY LOGGINS 
with Martika and Kid Curry 

Saturday, October 7 
Gates open at 2 p.m. Showtime 3:30 p.m. Fireworks 7:30 p.m. 

Naval Station San Diego, off 1-5 in National City 556-7455 
$12 General admission. $8 Military discount 
• Available at all SO Navy and Marine bases 

oIThiI ~ .... noc 'lC.preeI Of i~ an.ndot Mme'" 01, .. comrnacill.~ or 
•• poocIuc .. or __ ltv , ... Ooport .... , 01 N.." or ony o'her pori 01 , ... FedoToi 

GovontoNnt . "",hoo i'_poid""or~by, ... Ooportmon'oI''''N.." "onyOlher 
pori 011'" F ....... 01 Gowrn ...... . • 

~~~ 
... ---.--. --. .-__ .... ~.IIN 
f1al, ... ,. ...... ,.,,.,,q 

3 HIATUS SEPTEMBER 28 1989 



An Evening With The 
Spanish Guitar 

Romero, has been involved in 
correcting and revising Rodrigo's 
guitar works to the composer's 
original intent. Naturally. all revi-
sions have been carried out with 
Rodrigo's guidance and final ap-
proval. What made the concert 
unique was that it was the pre-
miere of Rodrigo's official revised 
editions. 

Pile and Dunn. both UCSD 
graduate students, have been pu-
pils of Pepe Romero since 1983. 
Accord ing to Pile. actual revisions 
ofRodrigo's works d idn't start until 
a year ago. The revisions were 
actual1y minor corrections that 
have actually improved the works 
rather than altering them. Due to 
a grant from the Center for Latin 
American Studies/CILAS, Pile 
will be able to leave for Spain in 
January to work directly with 
Rodrigo in correcting and revising 
the composer's complete guitar 
works. 

By Ramine Bahrambeigui 
Hiatus Intern 

The La Jolla Symphony and 
Chorus, in cooperation with the 
UCSD Music department, recently 
opened its 1989-90 season in a 
blaze of romantic repertoire. Con-
ducted by Thomas Nee, the Span-
ish Guitar Concertos Concert fea-
tured the works of world famous 
composer Joaquin Rodrigo of 
Madrid. 

Performing alongside the La 
Jolla Symphony Orchestra were 
guitarists Alex Dunn and Randy 
Pile. as well as the internationally 
acclaimed soprano, Laurie Rom-
ero. San Diego's oldest and most 
distinguished non-professional 

QI~ Tacolime 

FREE 
DRINK REFILLS 

Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

La Jolla Village Center 

5 minutes 
from UCSD 

236-8587 
8950 Villi LI JolIl Dr. 

1.J Joli. 

kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

orchestra and chorus brought to-
gether these talents. resulting in 
two near sell-out concerts in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

The program contained two of 
the world's most difficult guitar 
works. "Fantasia Para Un Gen-
tihombre." and "Concierto de 
Aranjuez." Also included was "Sol-
eriana," a suite of dances for small 
orchestra. and "Cuatro Madrigales 
Amatorios." four Spanish folk-
songs. 

Rodrigo. now in his late SO's 
and blind since childhood. com-
posed his concertos in braille. 
Additional people have translated 
and copied hiscompositions,caus-
ing slight deviations from hisorigi-
nal works. Pile. along with Pepe 

Perhaps the highlight of the 
concert was the performance of 
"Concerto de Aranjuez," which 
has remained one of the most uni-
versally popular works in the gui-

Their 

Laurie Romero 
tar repertoire. Its popularity is easy 
to understand - bright colors and 
rhythms. appealing tunes and an 
imaginative fusion of guitar and 
orchestra have made it a classic 
guitar concerto. 

The concerto was composed in 
1939 in Paris and opened to criti-
cal acclaim. This colorful work 
suddenly came to represent the 
pinnacle of Spanish nationalistic 
music during the demoralized pe-

riod following the Spanish Civil 
War. 

The ''Concerto de Aranjuez" 
was named after the famous royal 
palace and grounds situated be-
tween Madrid and Toledo. The 
piece's light romantic rhythms 
seemed to evoke the feeling of 
court life at Aranjuez around the 
tum of the century. Pile's playing 

See GUITAR. paee 6 

Go to your campus 
computer store. 

Word processor 
could bury you. 

All you want to do is finish your term 
paper and turn it in on time. But to do it you 
need a major in Computer Science and a 
minor in User's Manu.als! What a drag! 

Not SO with MacWrite II. 
MacWrite II , the essential academic 

Macintosh word processor, was designed 
to make it easy to get up and running. 
but also provides enough sophisti cated 
features for more advanced users . 

MacWrite II offer~ the essential, 
like footnotes or endnotes, mulliple 
columns, headers and footers. a light-
ning fast 100.000 word spell checker. 
a thesaurus with 220,000 synonyms, 
and word counting so you don't go 
one word over your 1O{){) word 
assignment. MacWrite II also 
features a revolutionary new 
built in help system so you 

CLARIS ' 

can study something else besides thr;! manual. 
And if you 're taking a foreign language 

MacWrite II will make it a little less foreign 
with optional foreign language dictionaries. 

Choosing the right word processor can 
make or break you. Make the MacWrite II 
choice. The time to buy is now! 

e19~9 OviJ Co'pur'alHIn. S20t P,ulck llenry DrI\IC, Suna a'rI, CA 9SOS2·8168, 
(KOO)"7!) · ZN2. I:.Al 9 All rl¥ht.l rc.c~d, 0111 .... 1I~muk orOan. Corponlion. 
M .. d>r •• alld M .. cWulc uc- n:&11.1Gn:d tndcnl&lU QrQud CurpunhOJl . Mac Lt _ 

~'I~lClt:d lIaJcnw k u( Arre CUII~ukr. Inc:.. 

I I 
1'---"""""" 
I 

. --... 

.. , .... 

4 HIATUS SEPTEMBER 28 1989 

:"NIVER$rrr·~~N·TS·:. · S",PENT AqivriiES,PRESENrS -:" <. : :~ .. :;: ..... .... : .... < ..... >: ... : .... : .:: .... : ...... : 
. ' • • • •• '. ' •• : ." ', . '0 • • '0" . ,,', . .' • • • : •• •• .' : • ••••••••• : . . .. ... ': •• : • • : 

" ' . 

• ," : : . , .,1' •••• , • • , " 

.' . . , . ' . . 

.~ . :: ' ' . .' .. . ' , 

. ' . 

.. 
.. 

. :., :: .. ,. 

.' . 
, ." .: . 

. • " , •• ', ' • ", .' . • eO'. ,, ' , ' e ' 
o • '1" , • • :: • 

. ' .~ '.' . ." . . . . ' . . . . . : .. ' . : : . . .. . ' .: . '. 
" . : " . :: . ".: . " .'. :", . : . '. . " ,. . . 

. " . ' .' . ...... ,.' ..... .... , ' " 

.. ' 

, .... .. , . ", " " ' . .... ' . 

.' . ' 

. . 

'. ' .... . . .: ; 
" . ; ". , : '. , : ' '. . , ' . , 

. " , " .. , ., ' :' :' " . :. . ' . ..' 
. :: ' . . 

'". , " 

: .... ~ :.:. :( /':.> .-::: : :~':.: : ..... . . ' . " ', ' . . :: ' . .. . . . . ' . 
.. 

. ';, ' ' .. . ' 

. '. 
'. , ' ' .. " 

., . . 
, , ' . " 

" '. .' 
... 

. ' . :: . , . ~ : ~ . ", ~ . . 



Marsalis 
Continued from page 1 

and his older brother, Branford, 
on tenor sax. Wynton. Branford, 
Kirkland and Watts fonned the 
nucleus of a highly successful quin. 
tet that was compared favorably 
with Miles Davis' group back in 
the '60s. 

Branford stepped out of 
Wynton'sshadow when the broth· 
ers joined Herbie Hancock's VSOP 
II band. But even he confesses that 
he was a little nervous initially. "'n 
'83 , the first time I played with 
Ron Carter and Tony Williams on 
the VSOP II tour. you could not 
imagine the fear." Branford ex-
plained . .. It was so bad that two 
weeks into the tour Ron said to 
me, 'We're delighted by the fact 
that you're in awe of us. But we're 
paying you money to play, and you 
ain't playin·.· .. The quintet then 
refonned to record Wynton's sec· 
ond album, Think Of One. 

The next year. Branford reo 
leased his first solo album, Scenes 
In the City. Contained therein was 

the title track remake of jazz great 
Charlie Mingus' song, as well as 
"No Backstage Pass," the begin· 
ning of Branford's many tributes 
to Sonny Rollins. who Marsalis 
describes as "the greatest saxo· 
phone player on the planet." 

made the decision to tour with 
Sting rather than with the quin-
tet. Wynton. who has publicly 
stated his dislike for jazz musicians 
who switch to pop music. was upset. 
"He was very mad." Branford said. 
"We were talking about his career. 

lilt was apparent to everybody with 
eyes or ears that Branford was a star" 

-Sting 

After two more albums with 
Wynton and the quintet, Bran· 
ford met Sting, who was assem· 
bling a band for his new album. 
Marsalis signed on and suggested 
other jazz musicians to round out 
the rest of the band, resulting in 
Kenny Kirkland from the quintet. 
bassist Darryl "Munch" Jones from 
Miles Davis' group, and drummer 
Omar Hakim from Weather Re· 
port. 

In March of '85, the group of 
musicians went to the West Indies 
and recorded The Dream Of the 
Blue Turtles. Branford and Kirkland 

My being his brother had no bear· 
ing. I wasn't in his band because I 
was his brother. I was in his band 
because I was the best available 
saxophone player at the time. We 
left him high and dry." 

While Wynton expressed con· 
cern over his older brother's "bad 
career move," Branford began to 
become not only famous, but more 
self· assured as an artist. Referting 
to his fright at playing with Ron 
Carter and Tony Williams in 
VSOP II, Branford now says, 
"When I came back from the Sting 
tour and hired them for musicians 

I felt like a peer. not a subordi. 
nate." 

Thisself·cQJlfidence came shin· 
ing through when Sting filmed 
"Bring On the Night. " a documen-
tary about the fonnation of the 
band and the resulting tour for The 
Dream Of the Blue Turtles album. 
.. It was apparent to everybody with 
eyes or ears that Branford was a 
star." Sting observed. Ouring a 
three day break in the filming • . 
Marsalis flew to London to ftnish 
Romances far the Saxophone. which 
was a tremendous hit. staying in 
the top five on the classical charts 
for over two months. 

Sting's observation turned out 
to be prophetic. as both Spike Lee 
and Billy Crystal asked Branford 
to be in their films ("00 the Right 
Thing ..... SChool Daze" and "Throw 
Momma From the Train"). Bran· 
ford enjoyed acting and has subse· 
quently received many offers. but 
none have tempted him. ''The only 
chance blacks get [0 do roles is 
when in their heads the writers 
think 'blacks'." Branford ex-
plained. uI get roles all the time. 
but! don't wantto play 'the black'." 

- -, 

Branford's career has recently 
reached a major milestone as 
Sonny Rollins invited Marsalis to 
play with him and his band at 
Carnegie Hall in May. Before the 
concert, the hype began to build 
up as a duel between the masters of 
the tenor sax was predicted. Mar· 
salis didn't see it as being an even 
fight. however. "It's like going in 
the ring with Mike Tyson," Bran· 
ford said. "But he knows a whole 
pile of stuff that I don't know, and 
as far as I know there's only one 
surefire way of learning it, and 
that's to get bludgeoned by it. A 
'lot of cats said, 'Man. I would never 
take that gig'- but he didn't ask 
them." 

Branford Marsalis is touring to 
promote his latest album. Trio 
Jeepy. Appearing with Marsalis are 
Kenny Kirlcland,Jeff"Tain" Watts 
on drums, arId Robert Hurst on 
bass. 

Whether Branford got upstaged 
by Rollins or not is a matter of 
opinion, but there is no doubt that 
on Wednesday night, San Diego 
will get to see a truly great per· 
formance by a premier saxophone 

_______________________________________________ ---. player. 

If you can find a tosli 
in tflis ID9m, we might put one 

m yours. Free 

6iEJIT AME.ltlCAJ 
~\lEl. (~,eST 

PAAf:T) 

l. 

• SarebodyS ~ towin a free Macintah 
See Apple Computer, Inc. 
during Computer w .. kl 

Tuesday, October 3 
10 a.m. - 3 p.m. 

I \'\·I:U III" 
, \ j .,d \~ I C.Mputer Center 

534·4291 

6 HIATUS SEPTEMBER 28 1989 

Guitar 
Continued from page .. 

came as close to fulfilling the tech· 
nical challenges of this inspiring 
work as was expected. 

The "Fantasia Para un Gentil· 
hombre" was composed in 1954 
for the Spanish guitarist Andres 
Segovia. It seemed to have· been 
heaVily influenced by baroque 
music, yet its theme relies mainly 
on the Spanish Folk tradition. 
Perfonned by great expertise by 
Dunn. this work. with its rococo-
flavored folk dance rhythms, has 
remained a favorite in the guitar 
repertoire. 

"Cuatro Madrigales Amatorios" 
is a series of four short songs known 
as "coplas," a type of folksong from 
Andalusia in southern Spain. They 
are often very brief, simple and 
often unrhymed, yet the most im· 
portant facet of a copla is the 
atmosphere or mood. 

Laurie Romero captured the 
essence of these songs with her 
beautiful operatic voice. The final 
copla was particu larly exciting with 
the restless rhythms in the strings 
and the bright, energetic music in 
the winds. One of the sources of 
the appeal of Rodrigo's music is its 
Spanish flavor and these songs were 
a nice example of the composer's 
use of regional melodies. 

Over the last several decades, 
the La Jolla Symphony and Cho-
rus has consistently offered inter· 
esting musical programs in San 
Diego County. It is impressive that 
in a group of almost 250 people in 
the orchestra. no one receives any 
compensation. Rather, members 
are motivated through the joy of 
making music Bnd exploring musi* 
cal repertoire under the direction 
of sifted conductors. 

The 1989·90 season will con· 
tinue with a wide selection of at-
tractive and diverse soloists and 
repertory. For more information 
regarding the upcoming concerts 
of the LaJolla Symphony andCho-
rust call the UCSD Box Office or 
the La Jolla Symphony and Cho-
rus Association at 524-4637. 

---/~y David ",,,ner l~ontrlbutin, WI~I Writer 
h an who 

} e5 Cameron. 1 e m am h sci.fl lhr\\\ers as 

How would you like to see your name in print? Write about entertainment and 
get paid for your work? Hane out with really fun people? Then the Guardian and 
Hiatus is just for you. Fill out the following form (even if you have given us your 
name before) and mail it to: 

Name. ______________________ _ 
Address _________ _ 
Phone ______ Age __ _ 
Areas of Interest 
(Name Specific Style/Artist): brought us sUC " J "Aliens," 

"The T en\\\nator an . \ 
h "'ore lerrestna , s anOt et ... , .. 

gave u \d \ say aquatic. 5i\\""\& 
UCSD Guardian 

B-016 0 Music 
<l( ~hou Ab '56 " 

. "The , . La Jolla, CA 92093 0 Dance i\"e\\tute \l\ . _.1 \iree- 0 Theater he W{llet an" , Can\etOI\,l .J h "h has 
h vie 53\ 1 al 0( of t e (1\0, L.. t h~\rJ-

• but it's l\l't a",'" hard\\'Ilte, . b l il'5 \"n 

Or HOp by the new office upstairs at the old student center, and drop it off in 
Patry and Nancy's mailbox. Any questions call us at 531-6583, or stop by durine 
our office hours: 

0 
0 
0 

Comedy 
Art 
Movies \ has aClIOI\, U \\ 

ware. t . .. Whal he (ca ,. Tues. 10-1 Wed 12-3 Thr. 11-2 Fri. 12-2 . 
about acllOl \. .., . ',,,rnH'r' SEE EVERYONE ocr. 2 for the FIRST INTERNSHIP MEETING! L ____________________________________________________ ~~ 

The CAPE staff regrets the error that was printed in the Graduate School of International 
Relations and Pacific Studies ad in the 1989 edition. The ad should have read : 

The Graduate School of International Rflialions and Pacific Srrxiia .t UCSD Is now Iccepting applicatiOll4 
for admission to its 1990 cl.u in the progrlltnS leading to the PII.D. In lnrwn.tfonaJ AffaltS and the Mlster's 
in Pacific IntemaliOlYI Affairs: 

• 

Ph.D. IN INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS 
MASTER'S IN PACIFIC INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS (MPIA) 
GRADUATE SCHOOL OF INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS 

AND PACIFIC STUDIES 
UNIVERSITY OF CAUFORNIA. SAN DIEGO 

empNIiIln: 
·lnt_lloNl Economic Policy IIId Merwo-

·lntemIIlloNl A_tiona 
·CompII.llw Pulllic PolIcy 

The Ph.D. and MPIA are the only graduate degrees available that integrate I knowledge 01 the Pacific 
Region intJJ the curriculum. S. rNdY for the Clr.., oppotIUnilia oIlhe futIn. Completed IPP/ICMiom 
.nd scores must be racelved by Januaty IS, 1990. F11' futther information contKt: K.therl". W.u.: 
Director 01 Students Afflirs, Graduate School oIlntamational Relations Inri Picific Studies, Building 51/" 
MAAC. (11/9)534-5914 

~ ~ o 

IL II CGr IHI 1r JE N 
THE 

LOAD 
WITH A 
STUDENT 
LOAN 
-FAST 
-LOCAL 
We dare other lenders to beat us! 
If you need special help. we 
aren't a vague voice in New York 
or Sacramento. We're here and 
we help. 

FREE CREDIT UNION MEMBERSmPI 
We waive your membership fee 

and you enjoy outstanding financial services 
from any of 22 countywide branch locations. 

Call us for more info about 
Stafford, SLS, or PLUS 

546-2063 
or ask your Financial Aid Department 

L"l. 
Missim Federal Credit Union 

Sf lIVING THE EDUCA TIONA&. COMMUIIIIlY 

Mission Federal is • $365 million credil union which h .. served 1M oducotiona1 communilY 01 Son Dieao 
County for more I/wt • qlWlCr cenlllry. RaICl, 1CI1I11, conditi ..... ond ..mc- aubject 10 ch .... e. 

----------------~ UCSD : 

Carl's Jr. 
Student I 
Special : 

I I 
I BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I I I I Bacon Cheeseburger I 
i ~FRIE ! 
I Val1d at 67. Miramar Rc1. I 
I Coupon ~ Ocl25, 1919. One otter per coupon. I 
lOne coupon per customer per visit. Not valid with any ® I I other otter or discount. Price does not include tax. 1'I __ "t.. _'WI- I 
L @carl Karcher Enterprises. Inc. 1989 VCLI.".a.-. v.a.-... ----~------~~----------

UelD UN.Vla," IVINTI OFF.a ........ 

ercan 
ndian 

DANCE "HEAI'''E 
"lJ#a,," of ,le",mtlll b"",,, .,.tI ptm". th.t tr.nS&ends 
• stile-/" Washington Post 
October 19, Thursday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 
G.A. $Il, Sr. Cit./UCSD Pac/Staff, $10, St. $8 
UelD "x 0HIc_: 77ac"~A4S7W'" 534-4559 ' 

7 HIATUS SEPTEMBER 28 1989 



Devo Re-Emerges Onto 
The Music Scene 

By Scott Casmer 
Hiatus Intern 

In a society where a deep bass 
track or a whiny vocali t has come 
to pass for good music, it is a relief 
to find a band with true talent and 
originality. 

Although Devo has been 
around for over a decade, they 
have never lost the ability to be 
fresh and entertaining. In a recent 
telephone interview, vocalist/key, 
boardist Gerry Casale put it quite 
simply: "Devo was ~ boring." 

Devo "philosophy" that has at' 
tracted such a variety of fans. 
"We've learned over the years ... a 
more primitive, raw [musical 
sound],' Casale said. "I'd say the 
ideas that Devo was based on are 
the kind of ideas that are fairly uni, 
versal and timeless. There's no 
reason to change something when 
it's that all-encompassing ... Every -
ninny and twit and hysterical, ir, 
rational sub-human is having a 
field day out there. It's open sea' 
son on rational, sane people." 

Part of the reason Devo has 
always been able to keep the inter' 
est of fans is the fact that they have 
emphasized the bizarre and un' 
usual. Through out,of, ynch mu, 
sic, outrageously original concerts 
and video , and funky attire, the 
band ha always given their fans 
their money' worth. 

If it seems like a long time since 
you've heard from Devo, there is a 
very good reason for that. About 
five years ago, they got disgusted 
with the music business, which 
Casale deemed a "mafioso in na, 
ture." 

(I-f) Bob Casale, Gerald Casale, David Kendrick, Mark Mothersbaugh and Bob Mothersbaugh. 

Perhap it i the longstanding 

Frustrated with the boundaries 
placed by Warner Brothers, the 
band felt that the label just didn't 
give them the support they felt 

they needed and deserved. "We 
were basically spent," Casale ex-
plained. "We had been bitten by 
snakes. We had no more energy to 
go on beating our heads against 
the wall trying to get airplay, trying 
to get favorable responses through 

How're you goingtn do it? 
Reelingfrom revi ions! 

Come to the Fair and save on the IBM PS/2. 
Meet the IBM Personal System/2® and find out how easy it 

i to u e. With the P 12,® you can get your work done and 
tilt have time for fun. You can organize your note , write 

and revi e your papers, and create smart-looking graph-
ic to make a good r port ven better. And be t of all, 
you can get a PS/2 at a pecial tudent price that' 
more than fair. 

See IBM on campusl 
October 3 - Mac's Place 
October 4 " University Bookstore Computer Center 

business." 
After taking a much-needed 

break from trying to stay in the 
mainstream of rock, Devo reemer, 
ged under a new label. Enigma. In 
1988, they released Total Detlo 
which marked the origin of their 

\ 
Anglingfor A 'sf 

L\I\IRS1TY 
- -~~~ 11M salute. tit. University Ioobtore during their .dicafion c.Ie"ration 
DOOI\STORE 

Computer Center 
534-4291 
IBM. Personal System/2 and PS/2 afe reglStenld trademarks of Intetnahonal BuSIf1eSS Machlf18S CoIpoIlItooo 

Register to win a fre. compact disk play.r. 

@IBM Corp 1989 

_---- ::1> ~ ---=--
- = ---
.5.-=-=-= ~ :. -~-'-IBM Hotline 587-5009 

...... ~.,& 8 ., HIATUS SEPTEMBER 28 1989 

comeback. 
They soon kicked off a concert 

series, from which they released 
their live double-album titled Now 
It Can Be Told. While only two 
new songs were released on the 
album, "It Doesn't Matter To Me" 
and "Somewhere With Devo," the 
presentation of all their old favor-
ites is nothing short of awe,inspir, 
ing. The amazing sound quality of 
the CD version makes it all that 
much easier to appreciate the 
band's musical talent. 

Even though the release was 
not a giant in terms of commercial 
support, it has stirred up a new 
interest which is helping the band 
to tum their current small,scale 
tour into a success. The band 
seems to be pumped up and eager 
toperform. "We miss playing live," 
Casale stressed. "We used to play 
every year .... We can get out there 
and play in front of people and get 
tighter and play together, honing 
down our skills for going into the 
studio." 

Without a doubt, the fact that 
Devo no longer has the big,money 
support from Warner Brothers 
Records will have a definite im-
pact on the type of concert Devo 
presents. When asked about this, 
Casale commented, "This [con-
cert tour] is Devo naked, Devo 
without the frills ... .It's just Devo 
doing Devo rock-and,roll .... While 
it's bare bones, it's very n~non­
sense. It's a very intense Devo 
show. Wecomeoutat55 mph and 
proceed upward from there." 

Although it wasn't mentioned 
by Casale, there is a remote possi-
bility that Devocouldpresent some 
new material in their upcoming 
concerts, as they are currently 
working in the recording studio, 
preparing for a future release. No 
matter what, Devo will continue 
in their tradition of crowd-pleas-
ing performances. 

You can catch Devo at Iguana's 
in Tijuana tonight and tomorrow 
night. Tickets are on sale through 
Ticketmaster at all local Tower 
Records. 

Oops! 
In the September 18th issue 

'of Hiatus, Catherine Dille's 
review of the movie "Sea of 
Love," the song "Beyond the 
Sea" by Bobby Damn was 
mistakely said to have been the 
song after which the movie 
titled, The correct song is "Sea 
of Love" by Phil Phillips, 


