
The ·UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 68, #7 

False Alarm- Students and faculty evacuate Urey Hall in response to a false fire alarm. The fire 
department received a report of smoke around 8:00 p.m Tuesday, but after respond ing with six 
firefighting units and 25 firefighters, they could not locate the source of the smoke. 

'Fighting 'Words' Policies From 
Aroun~ the Country Draw Fire 
By ANTON BITTNER 
News Editor 

The University of California 
remains finn in its decision to keep 
a newly implemented "fighting 
words" policy despite Tufts 
University's decision last week to 
drop a similar policy. 

Tufts University President Jan 
~eyerannouncedlastWednesday 
that "after further rev iew" of a dis-
ciplinary code titled "Freedom of 
Speech vs. Freedom Against Har-
assment," the University would 
suspend the newly enacted policy. 
On Friday, ~eyer announced that 
the policy had been tenninated. 

Meyer said during his an-
nouncement that he is "in favor of 
the First Amendment." 

The policy was fonnulated in 
response to an incident at Tufts 

University last year which received donnitories. The policy put restric-
national attention. A male student tions on what could be done and 
caused an uproar when he wore a 
T-shirt listing the "Top Ten Rea-
sons Why Beer is Better than 
Women at Tufts." The shirt was 
deemed offensive to the female 
student population at the Univer-
sity. 

Disciplinary actions were taken 
against the student, but later 
dropped because the actions were 
judged to have violated his First 
Amendment rights. In an effort to 
ensure that such an incident would 
not be repeated, the University 
adopted the policy during the 
summer. 

Tufts' policy, introduced and 
implemented at the start of the 
1989-90 school year, divided the 
University into three different 
zones: public areas, classrooms and 

said in these zones, making the 
donns most restrictive and public 
zones "free speech areas." 

When introduced, the policy 
caused much dissent among the 
student body. A group of students 
calling themselves the Free Speech 
Movement (FS~) formed to pro-
test it. The FS~ protested by lob-
bying the administration, organiz-
ing demonstrations and writing 
things such as "Free Speech Zone" 
with chalk on public area side-
walks. 

According to Anna George, · 
news editor for the Tufts Daily, 
students at the University objected 
most to the wording of the policy. 

"[The policy] was long and 
contradicted itself. It was too vague. 

See POLICIES, page 7 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12,1989 

A.S. Votes to Increase 
Funding for 'Sexua' 
Awareness Week' 
By JAMES COLLIER 
COlllribwillg Writer 

Led by a vote to allocate 915 
for "Sexual Awareness Week ," 
fund allocation wa the primary 
topic when the A.S. Council met 
last night. 

Kathy Oh, a Muir junior ena-
tor and organizerof the project, re-
ceived $1,500 last week for the 
"Awareness Week". Oh's request 
for extra funding was denied. 

"After la t week's [A.S. oun-
cd] decision, trashing the project 
was very tempting." Oh aid. "But 
we put two weeks of our lives into 
this project, and it is very impor-
tant to us personally. a well as 
profe sionally." 

Oh recieved $300 from the A.S. 
public relation budget, and re-
duced her funding request from 
$1,215 to$915. 

Another money matter which 
wa brought before the council was 
KSDT Music Director Vicky 
Kim ' reque t for funding to end 
a tation repre entative to the Col-
lege Musical Journal Convention 
in New York. 

"1 can't tress the importance of 
being represented at this conven-
tion," aid Kim. 

Univer ity Center Commis-
ioner Jason Carbone questioned. 

"Is thi money going to represent 
student needs? 

"The fact that the station affects 
such a smal1 number of students 
should be taken into considera-
tion. I think this money should be 
used for a FM transmitter ... how 
can we improve a station we can't 
listen to?" 

"If [KSDT] were a broadcast 
station this would be a critical 
conference," said Paul Eykamp. 

The council denied Kim's re-
quest for funding. 

The council approved' $1,525 
to bring South African artist 
Dumile Feni to speak at UCSD on 
Oct. 11. , 

"It is not the type of project that 
will get a lot of establishment 
support," said Fred Lonidier, a 
professor from the visual arts de-
partment, who spoke in favor of 
the project. 

Fifth College Sophomore Sena-
tor John Edson reported that even 

new appointees for the Student 
Credit Union Committee will be 
needed. Applications are due in 
the A.S. office by Monday at noon, 
and interviews will take place from 
4: 15 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. 

The campus credit union is cur-
rently a " ervice for people who 
work for UCSD," Edson aid. 

"By opening [the credi t union] 
to all students, they can have all 
thei r money here," Ed on said. The 
tudent credit union also plan to 

have "a direct line of credit. acce '-
sible with student ID cards." 

He said that, with the proposed 
plan, students can use their IDcards 
like a credit card through the stu-
denr credit union. Student would 
al 0 be able to use the ID/credit 
card at any location in the Price 
Center, a well a on campus. 

"The only problem is that we're 
not sure how Food Service will 

ee DEB TE, page 3 

Scripps 
Physicist 
Dies at 82 
By CATHERINE DILLE 
News Editor 

Theodore R. Folsom, a physi-
cist and oceanographer at the 
Scripp Institute of Oceanography 
for 22 years. died Friday in EI 
Cajon at the age of 82. 

After attending high school in 
San Diego, Folsom received his 
undergraduate and master's de-
grees from the California Institute 
of Technology in Pasadena. In 
1952 Folsom received his Ph.D. 
from Scripps and remained a 
Scripps staffmember until his 1975 
retirement. 

Folsom was a founder of the 
Mt. Soledad Laboratory for the 
Study of ~arine Activity and di-
rected the laboratory for 25 years, 
according to Scripps spokesper-
son Enen Lawson. 

Noted for his research on meth-
ods of tracking radioactive con-
taminants in the ocean, Folsom 
received grant from such agen-
cies as the Office of Naval Re-
earch and the Natural Science 

See SCRIPPS, page 3 

Inside ... IIL\TCS FEATl'HES SPOHTS 
• HIATUS 
• FEATURES 
• SPORTS 

HI 
8 
10 

The Sugarcubes' 
Sweet Success HI 

Getting 'Down and 
Dirty' at Muir 8 

World Series 
Preview 10 



UCNEWS 
UCSB Students Protest In Support 
Of Chinese Democratic Reforms 

More than 50 Chinese students and faculty from 
UCSB left for Washington, D.C. last week to protest the 
June 4 massacre in Beijing and to remind the American 
people of the cri tical situation in China and the impor-
tance of continued support. 

The theme of their protest is "A Democratic China." 
Because October marks the 40th anniversary of the foun-
dation of the People ' Republic of China, the organizers 
of the protest are using the event as an opport unity to 
rally support for the pursuit of a free democratic China, 
according to UCSB graduate student Hon Ji, one of the 
organizers. 

The two-day rally was proposed and organized by 
UCSB students. Under the guidance of Henry Tai , the 
head of the Oriental Collection in the UCSB library , the 
students came up with a proposal for the rally. 

Six students from Taiwan and one from Hong Kong 
joined the protestors, many of whom are paying half. if 
not all, of their own travel costs. 

By Dina Tilkian 
Daily Nexus 

ASUC Contests Flag Burning Law 
In a move to establish a stand on national affairs, the 

Associated Students of UC Berkeley senate la t week 
agreed to end leiter to top government officials urging 
votes against flag-burning legi lation. 

U.S. Representative recently voted overwhelmingly 
to approve a House bill which makes f1ag-buming a 
federal crime. 

The 380-80 vote is reportedly a response to President 
Bush' call for a constitutional amendment protecting 
the American flag from desecration. 

A UC senators agreed that the government should, as 
[he letter states, "protect the ideal of freedom of expres-
sion .. . to do so would truly honor the flag and what it 

tJlRry tJl5Ht:iS/ 
tJ//27Y CLOTHES/' 

f)/erYF~ 
AN/) tJlR1Y 
FtJlZIV/7l1~c,. 

tands for. " 
They reportedly intend to mail thei r letter to U.S. 

Senators and Representatives from California, House 
and Senate Judiciary Committees, and President Bush. 

InJune, U.S. Supreme Court justices voted to uphold 
the right of a Texas man to bum the American flag as a 
form of free speech guaranteed under the First Amend-
ment. The high court's rul ing sparked an onslaught of 
protests nationwide. 

A social ist youth group at UC Berkeley burned match-
sized flags in July to celebrate the ruling. 

ASUC senator Ben Aust in pointed out the importance 
in protecting what the letter describes as "this nation's 
ideal of tolerance of differing opin ions." 

"We discuss some progressive ideas in this senate," 
Austin said. "Once we give up the ri ght to question the 
government, we move closer to losing the right to 
d iscuss these ideas in this forum." 

By Rosy Lee 
Daily Californian 

~UCSDNEWS 
Urgent Care Center Changes Hours 

The UCSD Urgent Care Center has revised its hours, 
and is now open from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. on weekdays and 
from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on weekend . 

According to the center's medical director, Dr. George 
Shumaik,the center is not de igned to offer treatment for 
major medical problems such as heart attack or stroke. 

Instead, the center's primary finction is to treat oth-
erwise healthy people who have simple problems which 
require immediate attention. 

The Urgent Care Center is located east of the UCSD 
School of Medicine on Sir William Osler Lane, off 
Gilman Drive. 

Most insurance plans are accepted at the center. Some 
individual health plans may have restriction . For infor-
mation or to make a same-day appointment, call 534-
7300. 

Ben Tem leton & Tom Forman 
'«IK~, 6Ue:SS 
WHAT CAUGE:D 

-rH~ O~l..lfo,/ !:­
Ai-lO FAL.L. OF 
iH£:: rzOMAI-J 

5.MPI (lE; ? 
-\ 

PJWSILY A ESWJcH,A 
IW.MAiJ HOU~5WI VS5 

D~IDED 10 Go TO 
Cou..6 Gt;. 

/ 
/ 

Graduate School Admissions Officers 
Visit Campus Next Monday 

UCSD students will have a chance to meet with 
admissions representatives from more than 60 profes-
sional and graduate schools around the country on 
Monday, October 16 when the Career Services Center 
sponsors Professional & Graduate School Information 
Day. 

From 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., students can fi nd out about 
advanced degree opportunit ies in health care, interna-
tional affairs and academic degree programs in an infor-
mal sett ing at the Career Services Center plaza. Among 
the schools attending will be Dartmouth, NYU , Boston 
University , Georgetown, USC, SDSU, Berkeley, USD, 
UCLA and UCSD. 

Library Features Authors In New 
Writing Series This Month 

A new writing series sponsored by the UCSD library 
will start Oct. 18 when Robert Creeley ,the Poet Laureate 
of New York State, reads from his work at 4:30 p.m. in 
the Center for Music Experiment. Cree ley has published 
many books of poems, short stories and essays. The 
University of California Press recently published his 
Collected Poems (1945-1975), Collected Prose, and 
Collected Essays. 

Other poets include Hong Kong-born Marilyn Chin, 
the author of "Dwarf Bamboo"; San Diego native 
Geoffrey Young; Carla Harryman, author of "U nder the 
Bridge" and "The Middle"; and Bernadette Mayer, whose 
works inlcude "Memory" and "Midwinter Day". 

The fi nal reading of the quarter will be given by 
European poet Pierre Joris, a visiting lecturer at UCSD 
and the author of 16 books of poetry. 

( SPOTLIGHT] 
Teens and Parents Needed for 
Social Research Project at UCSD 

UCSD researchers are studying psychological and 
social risk factors for adolescent substance abuse. They 
are interested in recruiting adolescents between the ages 
of 14and 17 who do not abuse alcohol or drugs, and their 
parent. 

Participants, who will be paid, will be asked to come 
to the Veterans Administration Med ical Center in La 
Jolla to be interviewed and fill out questionaire . 

For further information, call Dr. Sandra Brown's 
office at 453-7500, extension 3324. 

Institute Of The Americas Presents 
Lecture Series on World Affairs 

"Learning and Teaching World Affairs," a series of 
lectures presented by the World Affairs Council of San 
Diego and UCSD Extension, will be held on Thursday 
evenings until November 9, 1989. The series includes 
lectu res by UCSD professors, such as Susan Shirk, 
Ph.D., a professor of pOli tical science, who spoke about 
China. 

All sessions in the series meet at the Institute of the 
Americas, 10 11 I North Torrey Pines Road;Qn the north-
ern UCSD campus, from 7:00 to 8:30 p.m. 

California Conservation Corps 
Announces New Job Openings 

Openings are available in [he Cali fornia Conserva-
tion Corps for people intere ted in working outdoors to 
build parks and trails, plant trees, and fight fires . 

The CCC i hiring women and men between the ages 
of 18 and 23 for a year of natural resource work. After 
two week of training, corps members will be as~igned 
to one of 18 residential centers throughou t the state; there 
are ,llso more than 30 non-residentia l locations avail-
able. 

For application foml ~ or more infonnation on the 
program call 1-(800) 952-5027. 

--compiled by Catherine Dille, 
News Editor 

Thursday, October 12, 19 89 

DEBATE 
Continued from page 1 
react," said Edson. 

However, Edson expects that 
UCS D wi ll have an JD/c redit card 
service wi th in a year. 

The A.S. Council also approved 
a proposal by Revelle Junior Sena-
tor James Reinertodistributemore 
infonnation regarding changes in 
campus parking rule. 

"To this point," said Reiner, 
"the administration hasn 't done a 
good job of infonning studems." 

Reiner's education plan wi ll 
include running paid advertise-
ment in The Guardiall to explain 
the new park ing policies and regu-
lations. 

The UCSD Guardian 

A.S. Campus Forum 
The AS is holding a campus-wide fo rum 

Tuesday, Oct. 17 from 4:30 p.m.to 6:00 p.m. 
in Gallery Room A of the New Student 
Center. 

The purpose of the fo rum, the f irst of its kind 
ever to be held at UCSD, is to give students a 
chance to voice their opinions to their e lected 
representatives on the A.S. Counci l. 

The AS Executive Council will be present 
along with many other AS officers. 

A.S.- The A.S. Council held its third meeting of the academic year Wednesday. The topics 
the evening included the "Sexual Awareness Week" funding and the soon-to-open Sfl ln~>nll 
Credit Union. 

NEWS 3 

SCRIPPS: Researcher, 
Oceanographer Dies 
Continued from page 1 
Foundation to fu nd his research, 
said a spokesperson at Scripps. 

Manager of the shipboard tech-
nical support group at Scripps. 
David Wirth , who worked with 
Folsom, described him as an ·' in-
ventive person." 

"He was a very exacting pers0n 
and an inquisitive sc ientist. He 
intuitively knew how the world 
worked, and he designed experi-
ments to prove" his intuitions, 
Wirth said. 

He pointed out that Folsom 
conducted much of his research 
"when very little electronics were 
available" to assist him. 

Wirth said that Folsom is "ci ted 

found in the ocean, such as Cesium 
137 and Pluton ium. Folsom spe-
cialized in trace element and radio 
isotope analysis. 

' ·He wrote 146 papers, repom, 
books and many resc: .. rch articles 
on his work," Wirth said. 

According to Wirth, Folsom 's 
research took him all overthe globe. 

He worked with scienl-ists from 
across the United States and around 
the world and made many trips to 
the Soviet Union, Wirth said. 

Folsom's surviving fa mily in-
cludes Edith, his wife of more than 
50 years, and his daughter Polly 
Morris. 

It has been reques ted that dona-
tions be made to the Alzheimer's 

many times for his early preci se Society of San Diego, in lieu of 
measurements" of natural elements flowers. 

Ex". 101/9189 TRIM & TAN 

30 N DAYS ::::;~,':!~f.J"'~ ""!~ $'1..9< (res $59) 
~---------------------LOSE 6" GUARANTEED £'1). 101/9/,1'9 

European Body Wrap $48 (reg. $98) 
Plus a free $20 jar of facial sea clay 

• NOI :i lempor.lry waleI' loss ' Reduce ceilu li le • No exercise or diets 

~---------------------TRIM & TAN 3251 Holiday Ct. #204 above SI. Germain's 455·0909 
• College 697 ·2122 TAN' Pacific Beach 581 -9060 
• Mission Valley 542·0391 4 lESS • Sports Arena 224-9727 

UCSD Celebrates National Collegiate 
Alcohol Awareness Week 

October 15-20, 1989 B:lGBEJlR 
MONDAY, October 16, Noon 

Wrecked Car at the Hump-Don't Drink and Drive 
What are new state laws that affect you? 8 a.m.-S p .m . 

Sobriety Check by UCSD Police with Deans and Residential Deans and 
You, Gym Steps, Noon 

TUESDAY, October 17, 2 p.m. 
"How to Help a Friend" presented by Peer Counselor, Psychological and 

Counseling Services, Price Center, Gallery B, 2 p.m. 

'THURSDAY, October 19th, 4-6 p.m. 
Concert on the Green, Price Center Plaza-Information Tables 

ALL WEEK 
Be a believer in Designated Driver . .. Wear a Red Ribbon . .. Find your 

ribbon this week at Five Colleges Residential Life and Deans' Offices, 
Student Safety Awareness, Price Center, Student Health Service 

"Clean and Sober" 2-Hour Video with Michael Keaton 
Showings: SUNDAY, OCT. 15,8 p.m. WARREN 

Warren Commons 
MONDAY, OCT. 16,9 p.m., MUIR 
Sequoia Room 
TUESDAY, OCT. 17,9 p.m., FIFTH 
Pepper Canyon 
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 18,8 p.m., THIRD 
Ocean view 
THURSDAY, OCT. 19,9 p.m., REVELLE 
Why Not Here? 

Free ••• Open to All ••• Bring your friends for fun 

Be on tIle look out for tile "Dead Walk" representing the 27,000 
Califomians killed each year in alcollol-related traffic accidents. 

Check with your college for mont col leg. specific activities. 
Week·s activities spollsored by Camplls Committee oll .Alcoltol (llId Subs/alice A.bllsf, 

Res idclI/ia / Life,PsYc/lologicll/ a"d COlillselillg Services , S/udellt He/atlt Service, 
Studell/ Safety Awarelless 

GIVES YOU MORE WAYS 
TO SAVE! 

• Full Service Deli • Gourmet to Go 
• Oven-Ready Entrees • Fresh Salad & 

Juice Bar • Fresh Florist Shoppe 
• Hot Prepared Foods 

Tailgate Party Special! 
Limit: One Per Coupon_ Olle Co/lPOIl Per C/lstomer. Cash ua//le 1/20 of 1 cerrt . 

Coke Classic 
Diet Coke 
Caffeine-Free Diet Coke, 
Sprite, Dr. Pepper 
2 liter 

59( 
Willi this coup"" alld purcllase of SlO.OO or IIIore. Effecti"" 17,ursdily. Oct. 12 
Ihrougll Wed ., Oct . 18, 1989. 

Convenience, Service, Selection and 
Best Buy Low Prices Everyday at 

BEG 
BEliR 
A .A" .1 •• 0 .0 •• 7'0"''' .... A.I ... IO" 

Genesee Ave. 
at Nobel Dr. 

Monday-Saturday 8 a.m.-Midnight 
Sunday 8 a.m.-10 p.m. 

Phone 458-1662 



... OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, October 12, 1989 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER, Editor in Chief 
DA vro WYNER, Managing Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 
ANTON BITTNER, News Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 

Tbe Guardian is published .... ice weekly It the Univenily of California. Sin Diego. Conknls C1989. 
Views e.xpreued herein represenl the majority vOle oIlhe ediuxial boArd. lind are not: neccessllIily those 

of the UC IIoonI of Re,en", the ASUCSD no< the eno .. G ..... tIMut ...tf. 

Free Expression 

Selling Out Freedom 
There seems to be a new trend sweeping the country. Our 

"leaders" have decided that an easy way to gain politically is to 
attack fonns of expression which most people find offensive. 

The new UC policy against "fighting words" is an example 
close to home. In Dallas , pressure is being put on video stores to 
stop renting pornographic videos. But most tragic is the capitu-
lation of the Congress on two important issues: stopping funding 
for art considered "obscene," and an attempt to overturn the 
Supreme Court 's decision allowing the burning of the flag. 

In both cases, members of Congress excused themselves by 
saying they had "compromised." After all , they didn't pass a 
Constitutional amendment against flag desecration. Nor did they 
pass Senator Jesse Helms' much more stringent amendment 
which barred the use of federal funds "to promote, disseminate or 
produce materials that are obscene or that depict or describe, in 
a patently offensive way, sexual or excretory activities of organs 
including but not limited to obscene depictions of sadomaso-
chism, homo-eroticism, the sexual exploitation of children or 
individuals engaged in sexual intercourse." 

It's certainly praiseworthy that Congress restrained itself from 
desecrating the Constitution by adding an amendment which 
would, for the first time ever, limit First Amendment rights. It is 
also praiseworthy that they did not pass Helms' broad amend-
ment, which could have even been used to stop the funding of 
AIDS education literature. 

But selling out one's ideals in the name of compromise 
shouldn' t be applauded. These issues aren't partisan - in both 
cases, there were prominent conservatives and liberals on both 
sides. In the case of flag burning, the most principled liberal on 
the Supreme Court, William Brennan, and the most principled 
conservative, Anton Scalia, agreed that a free society must allow 
free expression. 

Congress' attempt to undercut this ruling was pathetic. They 
ran like scared rabbits, frightened of next year's elections, into 
the safety of a vote to pass an unconstitutional law limiting free 
speech. The law is likely to collapse at the first challenge in a 
federal court, and would certainly not survive a trip to the 
Supreme Court. 

So why pass it? And why pass a law barring funding of art 
deemed obscene? The issue of funding for the arts is certainly 
more complex than the issue of flag desecration. Congress isn 't 
attempting to ban obscene art, they are merely trying to withhold 
taxpayer money from funding it. Moreover, it is questionable 
whether government should be funding art at all. 

Butthe issue isn't whether art should be funded. It is our public 
policy that we do encourage art, at every level of government -
the upcoming Soviet Arts Festival is a local example of this. But 
given that we fund art, should we be making deci ions on what 
art is funded? 

A definition of obscenity in a Supreme Court decision was that 
it is impossible to say what it is, but you know it when you see it. 
The same is true of art. Art is subjective, and a perfect example 
is the reaction to Mapplethorpe' s homo-erotic photographs which 
sparked the c urrent debate. A writer in the liberal magazine New 
Republic wrote that the photographs were childish attempts to be 
shocking, but that art should be funded. A writer in the conserva-
tive magazine National Review felt the photographs were pow-
erful works of art, but shou ld not be funded. 

The simple truth is this: if art is to be encouraged, vague, 
undefinable limits such as "obscenity" cannot be placed on it. 
This can only have achiIlingeffect on art, and is incon istent with 
the ideals which encouraged funding of art in the first place. 

Political leaders at every level of government must beware of 
the temptation to limit free expression. The shorr term political 
gains may seem irresistible; people have a tendency to like 
politicians who stamp out expression they dislike. BUI inlhe long 
term, people will recognize that the limits on expression are op-
pre sive, and the political backlash will be strong . 

Musical Chairs: Changing Ideologies 
NEW YORK - Say, was that the Democratic the room, then scramble for a brdnd-new seat when 

chair of the Senate Intelligence Comminee faulting the whistle blows again. As often as not, the players 
the Bush administration for letting the coup against find themselves in a wholly new seat. 
Panama's Noriega fail? After World WarII, hard-core conservatives were 

Yup. Oklahoma Sen. David Boren complained dead set against American "interference" in Europe 
that, "for the United States, with all of our strength and Asia, while liberals backed the Marshall Plan, 
and force ... to allow those people to fail, personally NATO, military aid to Greece and Turkey, and a 
I think is wrong." generally forceful policy abroad. 

And Arizona 's Dennis DeConcini said flatly that Then came Vietnam. In its wake, you could 
America should have used military force. barely call yourself a liberal unless you wamed 

Say, was that leading conservative commentator against the U.S. becoming " the world's policeman," 
Pat Buchanan decrying the ,---------------, while conservatives insisted 
idea of the United States as the Jeff Greenfield that America remain as the 
champion of freedom? watchman of freedom. 

Yup. The man who helped Universal Press Syndicate Back in the late 1940s and 
frame the Reagan 1950s,conservativesopposed 
administration's crusade for excessive presidential power, 
the Nicaraguan contras now seems to be echoing the backing the so-called "Bricker amendment," giving 
old-time Midwestern isolationism of the late Ohio the Senate a much greater role in the shaping of 
Sen. Robert A. Taft. treaties. Liberals wamed this would cripple presi-

" Why is this our quarrel?" Buchanan asked of a dential power. 
hypothetical future insurgency abroad. "Why is this But after Vietnam and Watergate gave rise to 
our problem?" concern over an "imperial presidency," liberals in 

Say, are those liberal Democrats who are bashing the Congress enacted tough restrictions on presiden-
Bush for insufficiently aiding the non-communist tial power, ranging from the War Powers Act to 
government of Poland, and is that the conservative fiscal oversight. 
Republican Bush administration urging continued Conservatives warned, and warn to this day, that 
ties to the Beijing government, the butchers ofTian- this would make the presidency impotent (the fact 
anmen Square? that Republicans now regularly win the White House 

Yup and yup. And if it looks confusing, then you while Democrats keep controlling the Congress may 
have not yet grasped the key to understanding the have had something to do with this shift). 
intricacies of American political ideology: that it How aboutthe power of the couns? Go back to the 
often resembles a giant game of musical chairs. New Deal and you find FOR's allies condemning the 

Every few years, I now believe, some Great "nine old men" who kept blocking Iibera\1egislation. 
Referee in the Sky blows a whistle and all the Conservatives saw the court as the last guardian of 
political players get up from theirseats, march around See Musical, page 6 

'Fighting Words' and Free Speech 
Editor: 

This letter is in response to the 
UC ban on "fighting words" in an 
amendment to the UC Student 
Conduct Policy. 

This is clearly an abridgement 
of every student's constitutional 
right to freedom of speech guar-
anteed in the First Amendment. 

No mauer how noble the inten-
tions of this rule may be, it is still 
a violation of the Constitution. 

Freedom of speech must be 
defended no matter how offensi ve 
some fonns of it may be, ego de-

fense of Hitler or Stalin. This 
freedom is absolute and cannot be 
qualified in any way. 

If! am mistaken on this point, 
perhaps we should speak of " lim-
ited freedom of speech" rather than 
" freedom of speech." To speak. 
otherwise would be misleading. 

There are other considerations 
in challenging this new rule. The 
rule seems to be very ambiguous. 
According to UC President 's 
Office spokesperson Rick Milas-
pina, "there 's no way to say what 
'fighting words' are ... It depends 

on how a person reacts to them 
and how they were used and in 
what context." This is extremely 
subjective. Do you want your 
academic career to depend on the 
adminstration 's interpretations of 
what you say? Think about it. 

I urge anyone with any regard 
for the First Amendment to join 
the College Republicans at UCSD 
in their objection to this restric-
tion of every student's constitu-
tional right. 

Paul J. Maotyla 
CoHege Republicans at UCSD 

Thursday, October 12, 1989 

I think the Regents and 
Gardner are definitly over-
stepping theirboundries and 
it doesn't seem to me like it's 
necessary for them to start 
passing laws. I just think it's 
not an area that they should 
be wasting their time on, I 
just think that they should be 
finding ways to give more 
financial aid and get more 
balance in the UC system 
as far as ethnic enrollment 
rather than worrying about 
ethnic slander. I think that's 
the biggest problem. 

Matthew Rochlo8 
Third Senior 

Political Science 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

How do you feel about the new UC policy 
banning 'fighting words'? 

They are going to have to 
define what 'fighting words ' 
are, that phrase is really 
ambigious to start with and 
freedom of speech is 
freedom of speech. They are 
going to have to define 
exactly what those words 
are and in what context and 
what their basis is for the 
ban. I don't think it's really 
fair. I just don 't think it's right. 

Jyotl Arya 
Revelle Senior 

Biology 

I read this and my first 
reaction is that it's extremely 
difficult to determine what a 
'fighting word' is. If you define 
it as inherently likely to 
provoke violent action, 
whether or not it actually 
does so, who is going to 
make out if the person who 
uses the fighting words is 
wrong or the person who 
recognizes them as fighting 
words. I think that it's a waste 
of time to make a point of 
this. 

Herman Hofte 
Post Doctoral 

Biology 

I'm very against it, because 
/feel there 's no way anybody 
can draw the line between 
what is 'fighting words ' and 
what is freedom of speech. 
Nobody has the right to draw 
the line between which is 
which, and it's just like 
censorship of books, it 
should be completely illegal 
because even if some books 
are white supremicist or 
racist you can't draw the line 
without infringing freedom 
of speech. It's absolutely 
fundamental. 

Laura McHale 
Third Sophomore 

Communication 

I think it's a bit of overreacting 
on the University 01 
California's part, and it's 
pretty futile because it's been 
overruled at two or three 
other universities . It's 
censorShip. 

Bob Alphenaar 
Muir Senior 

AMES 

Photos and Interviews 
by Gall Johnson 

LAST CHANCE RAYBAN®SALE 
30% to 50% OFF 

The Best Shows in TOlf" are at 
IDEO GALLERY 

THIS IS YOUR LAST CHANCE TO SAVE 30% to 50% 
OFF THE OLD LOWER RAYBAN PRICE 

EFFECTIVE MIDNIGHT OCT. 14, PRICES WIU GO UP! 

w1a'~i' ~ye& "T& "","ADTHllUIO/141" 
The California Attitude 

• La Jolla Village Squar. 535-0365 • La Jolla 1241 Prospect 454-7532 
• Clalremont Square 272-8808. PacJftc leach Promenade 581-6769 

• Encinitas (Lumberyard) 942-0337 • North County fair 7~9425 
FOl othellocatlons. please call 1M above. 

because: 
• We cater to students . NO credit card necessary . No depOSIt 
necessary for qualified renters. Movies , VIdeo recorders/TVs 
and cameras for sale or rent . Huge selectIon of movIes 

NEW RELEASES: WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT? 
• PET SEMATARY • EARTH GIRLS ARE EASY 

COMING: LEVIATHAN 

-Bring This A d to Relit Dlle MOl'ie-
and gel a seco"d reliial jor FREE! 

Monday thru Thursday. Expires 10/19/89. 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • 460-1654 

8760 Gene ••• ill tlu! Ca.ta Verde Celller • 4S0-1766 
HOURS: Sun.· Thurs. 11 am-8 pm / Fri. -Sat. 11 am-lO 

I I I I I I 2 LOCAnONS 

----------------, UCSD : 
Student I 

Carl's Jr. Spedal I 
I I 
I BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I I I I Bacon Cheeseburger : 
i ~FREE i 
I Valid at: 6788 Miramar lei. I 
I Covpoa expLre. 1IoY . 5, !!II' . ODe ott_ pee CCNpOIl . I 
l One coupon per customer per VIsit. Not valid with any ® I I other olter or dlSCount Price does not include tax. O!e III. _..... I 
L c>carl Karcher Enterprises. Inc. 1989 ...... r.&" • • .a:. -----------------------~ 



6 OPINION 

SETH SLATER, E:ditor III Chief 
DAVID WYNER, Managing Editor 
ANTON BITTNER, News Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 
ANOREA ADLEMAN, Features Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Associau Sports Editor 
JAMES COLLIER. Production MOJrager 
RANDY DOTINGA, Copy Editor 
PHIL GRUEN, Sports Edilor 
PATrY JETTIE,ArlsEdilor 
GAIL JOHNSON, Associate PholO Editor 
NANCY MUNTNER, Associau Hiallls Ediror 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Edilor 
RIMAS UZGIRIS, Photo Ediror 
LARRY WEINTRAUB, Music Assignment Manager 
BOB DeANDREA. Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULK ,Advert;"illg Malinger 
MIKE MARTI EZ, Advmisilll! Desillllu 
E. LEIGH HENRY, ClaSSIfied Mallugel 

The UCSD Guardian 

Seniof" Starr Writtrs: Brian how. John Shaw 
St'" wrilers: Cynthia Campbell. Bry.., Oi ... Christina Huizar. Mary Beny 
Heard. Julie Heirnler. Adam Levy. James Mulliner. Mordecai Pocash. David 
Poticha. Audrey lyn Win.erer. Sabrina Youmans 
PhaCOI .. p!oers: Greg Benes. James Collier. Frank lurn 
lIIus1raton: Rick Ford. Mel Marcelo 
T1Plsts: I..any Bacharach. Leng loh. Jim Mullin. Jason Snell. Karl Bickell 
Copl R .. ders: Greg HuffslUner. Julie Puzon. Diane RiSdon. Jessie Springer 
Production: Sue Chen. Melinda Hamihon 

The UCSD GwmII"" i. publilhcd _ yo ttndThundttysdlarinl1he ICIOCIcmic year 
by and (or the "odenu oIUCSD. R<prOducttoft ollhi. __ in any tonn. wftethcI in 
whole or in pan. Wilhoul ,--nission i. strictly prohibited.. CI9t9 •• 11 n,hls rc:IiJef'Ved. 

The CtMVtJiIJIt is noc raponsible (otlhe f'elum oIlW1tG1iciled manulO'ipcs or an.. "The 
VtcWS exprcssod In lraphics and si&ncd letam or commentlf"ie1 do ftOI neceuarily rc:pre-
Itnllheopinkms ofTheGI.ardioll, lhe Univenit)' ofCaliromia. Of the Associated Sndcms 
0( UCSO. Views expressed in unsi&ned ediloriaJs reprexnl I Il\iIjonty opinion of lhe 
GwudJDn cdiroriaJ boud oonsisrin& or lhe ediu:lt in chtef'. m.anaain, editor, news editors 
Ind oplntoo edilor. 

GuKKnIAN 
A FREE GIFT JUST 

FOR CALLING PLUS 
RAISE UP TO 

$1,700.00 IN ONLY 
TEN DAYS!!! 

THIS FRIDAY. 

UCSDNIGHT 

2 for 1 
cover admission 

Dare to porty ••• OH! 's way 

18 and over (619)470·6400 

Student groups, fra-
ternities and sorori-

ties needed for 
marketing project on 
campus. For details 
plus a FREE GIFT, 
group offl~ers call 

1--800-950-8472, 
ext. 20 

THIS NIDAY. 

UCSDNIGHT 

2 for 1 
cover admission 

Dare to porty ••• OHl's way 

18 and over (619)470·6400 

Musical 
Continued from page 4 
individual freedom. 

Then came the Earl Warren 
era, when the Supreme Court gave 
the liberals most of their major 
victories, from civil rights to the 
First Amendment law to separa-
tion of church and state to the 
rights of suspects. Conservatives 
began to demand that the Supreme 
Court be restrained, and even that 
Chief Ju stice Warren be im-
peached. 

Now that conservatives have 
dom inated the White House for 
most of the last 25 years, and have 

THIS IF T I.e". 
UCSDNlGHT 

2 for 1 
cover admission 

Dare to party •.. OHl's way 

18 and over (619)470-6400 

Thursday, October 12, 1989 

begun to control the federal judi-
ciary, it's the liberals who are 
ringing their hands over excessi ve 
judicial power, while conserva-
tive "activists" can't wait for their 
judges to strike down rent control, 
affirmative action plans and other 
public policies. 

Is it all inconsistent? You bet. 
Is it utterly predictable for groups 
to' support more power for the p0-
litical institutions th~y control? 
You bet. If you don't believe me, 
just wait until Republ icans start 
winning the Congress, or Demo-
crat gain the White House again, 
and watch the gameofmusicchairs 
begin all over again. 

BANDS 
• Free Demo Recording· 

Enter to win at 
Sound-Trax 

It's the best and least 
expensive rehearsal 

spot in town' 
Air conditioned 
Storage 
Large Rooms 

Come check us out. Free 
time with this ad 

295-5006 

~_rw __ gistered Students and Post Doc's 
D~ "Cover your Dod" with 

~ 
-

~ 
'-' Sickness and 

Accident Insurance 
Student Premium - $109.50 
Spouse - $1 79.50 
Children - $121 .50 

L..--------per quarter 

ENROLLING NOW 
IMI~L CAJON BLVD. • 463-5052 

IVERSITY • 291-CUTS 
2 NEWPORT • 222-3777 
7 GARNET. 273-CUTS 

Information and applications are available at 
Student Health Center. Q-039 • 534·3300 

~:7:ifot-
r-----------------~ 

SLEEP SHOPS 

Studio III 
Versatile and 

affordable expertly 
deSigned to convert 

from sofa to lounge to 
bed In seconds 

All THREE FUNCTIONS 
ONE lOW PRICE 

PAICE INCLUDES 
5·LAYER FUTON 

TWIN SIZE $149 
fULL SIZE $159 

QUEEN SIZE $169 
ALSO SPECIALIZING IN 

BONUS! 
20% OFF 
fUTON COVER 

WHEN PURCHASED 
WITH FRAME AND 

fUTON. LARGE 
SELECTION. 

Large selection of 
select stock covers 

Waterlled SIIpphes • 8e.ln ~s • Acant liglIlIlIQ • SIIOjlsueens • Hammock! • Comforten • DttlutlYf pillows 
THE 8EST PRICES ON THE LARGEST SELECTION OF QUALITY FUT ONS ANO FRAMES IN SAN DIEGO 

• 110 DAYS SAME AS CASH 
• FIUMCIMG AVA ILABLE 

• SALE PRICEUOT VAllO 1M 
CONJUNCIIOM WITH OTHER 

OFfERS 

NORTH PARK 
DI UnIYfr~IY 

ZGS·9066 
Wttkd~ys IDam· 7pm 

MIRAMAR 

PACIFIC BEACH 
14S3 Galnet 
270·3&80 

Wee days lDam·7pm 
CHULA VISTA 

7050 Mllamlr 118 8r~.ay 
549·7373 585·7010 

Weekdays IllIm·7pm Ca ll slOlI for krs 
SATIJROAY 10 am-6 pm, SU.DAY 11 ilm ·~ pm 

OCEAN BEACH 
4811 W PI lom~ 

224·0fI86 
Werkdays lllilm·7pm 

OCEANSIDE 
2216 EI Camlnl Rill 

721 ·5417 
Weekd~ys II ~m-ll pm 

SU lIam·6 pm. SIll 12·5 pm 

So You ask, 
'WHY USE COUNCIL TRAVEL?" 
WEILL GIVE YOU 10 REASONS: 
1. The best in studentlbudget ai1ares ANYWHEREI 
2. Railpasses issued ON THE SPOTI 
3. Intemational YouthlStudent Identity Cards Issued 

here, (We even take the plcturel.) 
4. ATMOSPHERE. 
S. Our agents can give expert adYicel 
6, WE'RE RJGHT ON CAMPUSIII 
7. We sell the best traYeI gear and travel guides here. 
8. Hostel Cards and sleep sheets sold here. 
9. Youth U.S.S,R. Tours, plus other lOU'S wortdwide, 

10. Our own Language and Work Abroad programs. 

DOES THAT 
ANSWER YOUR QUESTION?? 

UCSD Price Center, La .olla 
( above .... Information booth) 

451·0630 

Thursday, October 12, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

POLICIES: Anti-harassment 
Codes Face Criticism by ACLU 
Continued from page 1 
II wasn ' t even clear after reading il 
several times," George said. 

The UC policy, announced Sept. 
21 by UC President David Gard-
ner, bans words which are "inher-
ently likely to provoke a violent 
reaction whether or not they actu-
ally do so," specifically "deroga-
tory references to race. ethnicity, 
religion, sex, sexual orientation. 
disability and other personal char-
acteristics." Punishment for viola-
tion of the policy may be as harsh 
as dismissal from the University. 

According 10 UC President's 
Office spokesperson Rick Malas-
pina, the UC policy was not mod-
eled after other policies, but they 
were studied when the policy was 
being developed. 

"[The committee] looked at 
other policies and the challenges 
that were made to them," said 
Malaspina. He added that the UC 
policy was carefully worded "to 
avoid the pitfalls that the other 
universities ' [policies] have had." 

Another collegiate anti-harass-
ment policy was also overturned 

this year. The University ofMichi-
gan adopted a broad policy at the 
beginning of the 1988-89 academic 
year. That policy was contested in 
federal court by the American Civil 
Liberties Union (ACLU) and was 
judged to be a violation of the First 
Amendment. 

, ... he wore a T· 
shirt listing the 
"Top Ten Reasons 
Why Beer is Better 
than Women at 
Thfts." , 
According to a University of 

Michigan pamphlet, students 
would be in violation of the policy 
ifthey were to "have a party and in-
vite everyone on their floor except 
one person because they think she 
might be a lesbian." 

Michigan has adopted a new 
plan, which allows for penalties 
only when one student directly 
harasses another. 

Anti-harassment policies are 
becoming a trend among universi-

ties across the nation. Other uni-
versities besides the University of 
California which still have anti -
harassment policiesinclude Emory 
University, Trinity College, the 
University of Connecticut, the 
University of North Carolina at 
Chapel Hill, the University of 
Pennsylvania, the University of 
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania State 
University. 

According to The Chronicle of 
Higher Educarion, many other 
universities, such as Arizona State 
University, Eastern Michigan 
University, the University of Texas 
at Austin and Stanford University, 
are seriously considering adopting 
anti-harassment codes. 

The ACLU has indicated that it 
is willing to challenge anti-harass-
ment codes, and plans to in the 
future. 

Malaspina feels that the UC 
policy will stand if chaHenged. He 
said the policy has had "quite a bit 
of legal review by the University 
counsel," because the University 
has foreseen that the code might 
"be chal lenged in some way." 

[i \IIIOI{'\I\ [iI ()(IILI ()I G O()I\II{I( ~ II)I(I,\I 

A WINNING 
CHOICE 

PODIATRIC medicine is one of 
the top 10 fast-track professions, 
according to an article in US News 
& World Report. At the California 
College of Podiatric Medicine, 
we've had a winning record of 
training the nation 's brightest for 
over 75 years. 

ONE OF THE TOp 
SCHOOLS 

In the last five years, CCPM has 
ranked highest on national boards. 
Ninety-eight percent of our 
tudents stay on to graduate, and 

we have the highest residency 
placement ( 100%) of all podiatric 
medical . chool . 

CCPM also offers a cooperative 
program with the University 
of California, San Francisco Health 
Science Center and with the 
University of Southern California 
Health Science Center in 
Los Angeles. 

THE CAREER WITH A 
FUTURE 

While gaining the personal 
satisfaction of helping people in 
specialties such as sports medicine, 
pediatrics, surgery and geriatrics, 
today's podiatric phy icians earn 
well over $100,000 per year. A 
predicted hortage of podiatrists 
means the rewards should be even 
greater in the years ahead. 

For additional infonnation, call or 
write CCPM directly. 

FOR A WINNING 
CHOICE ... 

Careers in Podiatry, CCPM 
Office of Relations wilh Schools 
P.O. Box 7855, Rincon Annex 
San Francisco. CA 94120 
800-443-2276 (in CA) 
800-334-2276 (outside CA) 
Source us Ne .. , and Woold Report . /lpnl ~. 1989 

NEWS 7 

News Flash! 
The Guardian News Department is looking for some-
one to fill the position of Associate News Editor. 

Send typed cover letter, resume and clips to Seth 
Slater at The Guardian, UCSD B-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. Resumes may also be brought to the Guard-
ian offices on the second floor of the old Student 
Center. 

New Day-Care Center 
Planned For UCSD 

A $1,354,000 day-care center 
at UCSD is scheduled to open in 
the fall of 1991. 

The center is to repl ace the Early 
Childhood Education Center 
(ECEC), which is the present day-
care center at UCSD. 

The new day-care center will 
accomodate 125 children. In con-
trast, the ECEC acc omodates 75 
children. 

Also, the University will fund a 
$75.000-per-year referral service 
to place infants in community 
homes. 

The site of the day-care center 
will be in the central part of the 

Mesa Apartments. Campus plan-
ner Pat Collum said there are sev-
eral reasons why the Mesa Apart-
ments s ite is a good one for the 
day-care center: many students 
with children who use the ECEC 
live in Mesa Apartments , the site 
will not need much grading before 
construction can begin, and the 
site is tranquil. 

Groundbreaking for the new 
day-care center, which is to be of a 
stick-frame design, is anticipated 
for December 1990, said Jill Dil-
lard, manager of Capital Planning 
and Budget. 

the best crust & quality 

TOSSED SALAD $'.95 
ITALIAN SUBS $2.75 

[ I 
211 15th Street in Del Mar 
a few doors from the beach, 
across from post office 

Open etJeryday 
11 a.m.~10 p.m. 

4BJ-BOBB 

STUDENT 
SPECIAL 

MENS PRECISION CUT $12 
WOMEN'S PRECISION CUT $16 

(Styling Is extra) 
r------------------, 110% OFF PERM OR COLOR 1 
1 CWM WIII1I1Ut:1ed 1.0. Not valid wIIIJ any oItter oIIetJ 1 L __________________ ~ 

'~~'~~5 La Jolla Village Square 
MON.-FRI. 10-9; SAT. 9-6; SUN. 11 -5. 455-1700 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Thursday, October 12, 1989 

Features 
Down and Dirtv 

Muir Construction 
Presents Obstacles 
By CHRIS LEEMASTER 
COllIribUling Writer 

You can re I assured that a giant 
gopher has not found a home at the 
Muir campus. If you haven't al-
ready noticed, the quad area of 
Muir campus has been dug up for 
re-piping. The project began dur-
ing the first week of chool and 
will be entirely completed by late 
January,accordingroKathie Poff, 
Muir's assistant resident dean. 

The re-piping is a result of many 
piping failures in the past years 
which left students without water 
unexpectedly. Poff explained that 
"the pipes were damaged by the 
soil" and needed to be replaced. 

Students who live in the Muir 
residence haIls and apartments said 
that the re-piping has, at limes, 
been noisy. "It starts at eight in the 
morning-jack hammers and bull-
doz.ers a couple times a week," 
said freshperson Geoff Seiff. 

In addition to the noise and de-
tours around the trenches, those 
students staying in the complex 
from December II to January I 
will be without any water. 

This was a surprise to Shawna 

Weisler, a sophomore who was 
planning on returning from win-
ter break early . She admits that " . 
probably won't be now." 

Poff said thaI Ihe inconven-
ience of the constuction his not 

According to Muir 
freshperson Geoff 
Steiff, the construc-
tion brings 'iackham-
mers and bulldozers 
a couple of times a 
week.' 

the greatest situation, but we're 
getting through it as best we can." 

The project was originally slated 
for completion prior to the begin-
ning of the school year, but was 
delayed in the beginning stages. 
The project is being overseen by 
Housing Maintenance. 

Poff explained that the other 
option was "waiting until next 
summer ... with the possibility of 
a water [shutoff] without notice 
during finals week, so we decided 
to go ahead and get it done." 

Mike AmiellGllardiall 

UCSD History Department 
Offers Ph.D. in Judaic Studies 

For the first time, a course of at UCSD is taught by well-known specialist in post-biblical Jewish 
studies leading to a Ph.D. will be biblical scholar such as Professor history, and, by J 990-1991, a bib-
available in the San Diego area for 
tho e wishing to pursue JUdaic 
Studies. 

Beginning this year, the UCSD 
history depanment wi II offer a doc-
toral program in ancient history. 
Both the history of Israel in the 
biblical period and anc ient Jewish 
hi~tory are among the available 
area~ of concentration. 

The new doctoral program is 
unusual in its inclusion of Jewish 
history, ancient Near Eastern his-
tory, and the history of the Greco-
Roman cia sical world in a s ingle 
academic framework. 

The program of Judaic Studies 

David Noel Freedman and Profes- lical archaeologist. 
Planning for the establishment 

of such a program began under the 
stewardship of Professor William 
H. Propp as coordinator of Judaic 
Studies and cOnlinued when Pro-
fessor David Goodblatt took up 
these duties . 

According to infomlation re-
leased by the Judaic Studies pro-
gram, the inception of doctoral 
level Judaic Studies at U SD wi ll 
erve many purposes. It wi ll enrich 

undergraduate instruction and in-
crease the potential re ources for 

sor Richard Elliot! Friedman. The the local community in the area of 
faculty includes three biblicists, a Judaic Studies. 

Thursday, October 12, 1989 The UCSD Guardjan FEATURES 9 

Photos from the Border • • • 
r 

Friday night In Tijuana - Mexicans seek to establish new lives 
in what is referred to as simply "EI Norte." 

YEARS 
A HEAD 

HAIRCUTS 
by Christina and Marie 

Women 517 (reg. $25) 
Men 514 (reg. $19) 

Summer Specials 
Perm & Haircut or 
Highlight & Haircut 550 

For appointment, pleas; call 457·19J(J, 695(J Villa LII JoIJiI Dr., 
Ste. llzt1, fA Jolla (behind EI Torilo diuclly across ramp.) 

kinko~' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Ville La Jolla Dr. 

iVI121Ti Ur= iT. (3£12,"41~ 
Just minutes from campus in Holiday Cowt 

SAN DIEGO'S MOST UNIQUE LIQUOR STORE • OUTSTANDING SELECnON OF FOREIGN 
',.AND DOMESTIC WINES. BEERS a LIQUORS. INTERNAnONAL AND OUT-OF-STATE 
NEWSPAPERS • LOnO • LOnERY. GOURMET FOODS FROM HOMEMADE TO 
DECADENT • BUD'S SAN FRANCISCO ICE CREAM PARLOR. CUSTOM GIFT 
BASKETS • UNIQUE CARDS AND GIFTS-WE BELIEVE WE HAVE THE BEST SELECTION IN 

SAN DIEGOI • MOVIE RENTALS • POPCORN • IMPORTED CHOCOLATES 

FREE DELIVERY in La Jolla, Golden Triangle 
area on all orders of $35 and over 

"We package and ship anywhere. 

OPEN: SUN.-THURS. 6 am-Mid" FRI.-SAT. 6 am-:2 am 3251 Holiday Court off Villa La Jolla 455-1414 

r-----------------------~ I 
FREE ~REAM ! 

Buy one cone/rom 
Bud's Ice Cream Par/or 
and get a second cone 

FREE. 
Expirts 101/6/89 

Spirits of St. Germain 
now offers you a large selection of 

HALLOWEEN 
Gifts, Candies, Cards, etc. 

10% DISCOUNT ON CUSTOM GIFT BASKETS 
lor YOUI clients If (ordered In advance) 

L _______________ ... ________ ..I~ _________________________________ _ 

-. 



10 SPORT S The UCSD Guardian Thursday, O ctobe r 12, 1989 
-

Sports 
School Spirit? 
UCSD Football 
Would Help 

Position-by-Position World Series Preview 

Bay Area Series Begins Saturday 
By DAVID POTICHA 
Staff Writer 

The buzz of the alarm pulls 
at your brain, and yanks you 

I from a deep sleep. For a brief 
moment, you don ' t understand 
why you are waking up at 10:00 
a.m. on a Saturday morning. 
Suddenly, it hits you. 

( '()\I\IE'\ r \1{\ 
You're aUCSDstudent, this 

is game day, the big rivals are in 
town and your star quarterback 
has beenjawing all week about 
how the Tritons are going to 
pound their competitors on the 
gridiron. 

You dress quickly, call your 
I buddies to make sure every-
I thing is still set, and prepare to head out to the stadium. You 
! grab some beers, throw them in I a cooler, and set out for the pre-
: game tailgate party. It's going 

to be a great day, you can ju t 
smell the football in the air .. , 

But wall, this i UCSD, and 
cenes such a thi one simply 

don't belong. This is the school 
of no football, the school of 
linle spirit ... the school where 
people only care about learn-
ing. You tum your car around 

I 
and ask yourself, "Why?" 

Why doesn' t UCSD have a 
football team? It is agoodques-
tion that goes unanswered or 
unsol ved each year. For the last 
three years there have been at-

I 
tempts to rectify this situation, 
but each year someone has shot 

. the effort down. 
Three year ago it was an 

I unsupportive A.S. and a poorly I wrinen initiative. The bill went 
down, despite needing only a 

1

50 percent majority. 
Two years ago a wave of 

misinformation killed a bill that 
would have brought football to 
UCSD and improved the entire 
athletic program as well. fI 
didn't help matters any that 

I See NO SPIRIT, page 14 

By PHIL GRUEN 
Sports Editor 

Picture this, if you wi ll. 
The 1989 World Series. Game 

seven. Top of the ninth , two outs. 
Oakland leads San Francisco 4-3, 
butlheGiants have the bases loaded 
and W ill Clark is the batter, Dennis 
Eckersley is on the mound, trying 
to preserve Oakland 's s lim edge, 
but he has run a 3-2 count on Clark. 
T he fans at Oakland Coliseum are 
a ll standing and screaming -
perhaps more out of fear and an-
ticipation than anything else. Eck-
ersley, dripp ing with sweat, peers 
in for the sign from catcher Terry 
Steinbach. Clark, who has already 
homered three times in the series, 
stands patient1y at the plate. Ecker-
sley nods his head, kicks, and de-
livers. Clark swings ... 

Stay tuned, for the 1989 World 
Series between the Oakland 
Athletics and the an Francisco 
Giants begins on Saturday. Here's 
a position-by-position analysi : 

Catcher 
A's: Terry Steinbach, 
Ron Hassey 
Giants: Terry Kennedy. 
Bob Brenly 
Steinbach and Hassey give the 

A's a dimension that most teams 
don't have: catchers that can hit. 
Steinbach gets the clutch h its ev-
ery now and then and adds power 
to the tail end of Oakland's fero-
cious lineup. Hassey, although 
extremely slow, also has power. 
Terry Kennedy used to have power, 
but his best years are well behind 
him. Defensively, Steinbach has a 
better arm than Kennedy. 

Edge foA 's 

F irst Base 
A's: Mark McGwire 
G iants:Will Clark 
There's not much debate here. 

Defensively, Clark and McGwire 
match up evenly. In the power 
department, McGwire might have 
more sheer power - with the abil-
ity to hit shots well into the bleach-

ers. But so what? Clark can also hit 
home runs , but he can dojust about 
everything else. too. And well, I 
might add. Clark, a unanimous 
choice for NLCS MVP, can beat 
you in every way. As a manager, 
I'd rather have Clark atthe plate in 
a clutch situation over anybody. 
Call him "Thrill," call him "The 

atural," call him what you like. 
I 'll call him awesome. 

Edge fO Gianrs 

Second Base 
A's: Mike Gallego, 
Tony Phillips 
Giants: Rob by Thompson 
Granted, Gallego is an excel-

lent fielder, but he's a Bob Uecker 
at the plate. Thompson is also a 
good fielder, but, more importantly, 
he is an integral part of the Giants' 
lineup. Thompson, as a matter of 
fact, is one of the only Giants wi th 
speed and power. Philli ps will fi ll 
in at second if his duties are not 
needed at the ho t corner. 

Edge to Giants 

Third Base 
A's: Carney Lansford , 
Tony Phillips 
G iants: Matt Will iams 
Lansford, who fi nished second 

this year in batting in the American 
League, pulled up lame running to 
first on a play during the ALCS, 
and may not be ready. But even if 
he is, the Giants have the edge 
here. Matt Williams has been eve-

Weekend Intercollegiate Sports A ttractions ... 
.wha.t .l:Yb.2 D.n ~ 
Cross Country at Cal Poly SLO Invita tiona l Saturday 8:30 a. m . 
Fen cing BLADERUNNER BENEFIT S u nday 10:00 a.m. 
Soccer (M ) at Grand Canyon College Tournament Friday 6:00 p .m . 

Saturday 8:00 p .m . 
Soccer (W ) AZUSA PACIFIC U. Friday 3:00 p .m . 

a t C al State Doming uez Hills Sunday 1 :00 p.m. 
Volley ball (W ) WILLIAM & MARY U . Friday 7:00 p.m. 
Water Polo (M ) CHAMINADE U. Friday 3:30 p .m. 

CAL STATE LOS ANGELES F riday 7:00 p .m . 
at UCLA B ru in C up Saturday All day 

rything the Giants expected when 
they recalled him in midseason. 
And maybe more. Look for Wil-
Iiamsto stealthe MVP if the Giants 
pull this one OUI. Phillips, a scrappy 
player with a decent arm, will 
probably play third if Carney sits 
oul. 

Edge TO Giants 

Shortstop 
A's: Walt Weiss 
Giants: Jose Uribe 
A healthy Weiss wo uld proba-

bly have an edge here, but he is yet 
to return to last year's Rook ie of 
the Year form in the offensive or 
defensive departments. Weiss sat 
outthe majority of the year with an 
injury. Uribe is an excellent defen-
sive shortstop, but his hitting is 
minimal. The A 's might shuffle 
Gallego and Phillips in here as 

well. 
Even 

u ft Field 
A's: Rickey Henderson 
Giants: Kevin Mitchell 
Earlierthis year, Mitchell would 

have been an obvoius choice here. 
He wa tearing up the National 
League wh ile Rickey Henderson 
was sitting on the Yankee bench, 
probably complaining about an 
ingrown toenail. But Rickey's hot 
right now, and when he's hot, he's 
scary . Did anybody see what he 
did to Toronto? To take nothing 
away from Mitchell - in fac t, this 
is probably the best matchup in the 
series - but Henderson can do it 
all. 

Slight edge 10 A's 

See BA YSBALL, page 11 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 

\.m;i)lIIIiIIoI.r'c"!,' ~ 
By PIffi... GRUEN 

Sports Editor 

(Phil is currently 5-2) 

The World Series 
Favorite 
A's 

Odds 
8-5* 

Underdog 
Giants 

PHIL'S RER.ECfIONS ... A lot of people have been asking me who 
I'll be rootmg for in the World Series ever since the Giants dusted off 
th e Cubs in game five. Well, I'm going to be happy whoever wins, but 
deep down, I left my heart ... in Oakland. I've rooted for both teams 
all my life, but I am from the East Bay (Berkeley, to be exact, which 
is adjacent to Oakland) and I've probably been to more A's games in 
my life than G iants games. As a matter of fact, the fi rst baseball game 
I ever attended was game three of the 1975 American League playoffs 
between the A's and the Red Sox. 1 was six years old at the time, and 
1 remember the A's losing - it was something like 5-2 - and their 
dynasty ending. My affection grew for Oakland through the lean 
years of the late 1970's - years when the A's earned P s with 
superstars like Mike Edwards, Mario Guerrero, Mitchell Page, and 
Wayne Gross. And I kept up with the Giants, too, rooting for the likes 
of Phil Nastu , Johnnie Le Master, and Joe Strain. Somehow, I kept 
faith, and in 1981, the A's reached the playoffs in a strike-shortened 
season. But they lost to the Yankees, and would not return to the 
playoffs again until 1988. The Giants reached the playoffs in 1987, 
but fell to the C ardinals. l:lst year, actually, I'd rather not discuss last 
year. But this year, Baysball is alive and well, and a Bay Area team, 
whether you like it o r not, is going to win the World Series. This 
thing's gonna be the first eXCIting series since 1986. and don't be 
surprised if Il is decided in the seventh games. PHIL say~ ... 

TAKE THEA's 
.orrtCtai lane from lhe Bu," BrUJ~~ Toll Plu:u, <W.:land., CA 

Thursd ay, October 12,1989 

BAYS BALL 
Continued from page 10 

Center Field 
A's: Dave Henderson 
G ia nts: Brett Butler 
Another tough one to pick. 

These two are ve ry different ball-
players: Butler, a fast, left handed 
leadoff hitter without much power; 
Henderson, a righthanded power-
hitter. Henderson would have had 
the edge, but he's lost some of that 
power and energy which he dis-
played so often last season. Butler, 
de pite a less-than-impressive 
NLCS (.211 average), gets on base 
and makes some great defen i ve 
plays. A tough call. but let's give 
a ... 

Slighf edge to Gianrs 

Right Field 
A's: Jose Canseco 
G ia nts: Candy Maldonado, 
Pat Sheridan 
Not much analysis needed here. 

A healthy Canseco is as good a 
ballplaye r as you'll find in 
baseball...and he's healthy now. A 

healthy Sheridan or Maldonado 
can ' t even pour coffee for Jose. 
They can' t even take out his gar-
bage. Granted, Canseco is not Mr. 
Fluidi ty in the outfield, but have 
you seen Pat Sheridan play de-
fense? I mean, this matchup is not 
even close. 

Huge edge to A's 

Starting Pitching 
A's: Dave Stewart, Mike 
Moore, Bob Welch, Storm 
Dav is 
Giants: Scott Garrelts, Rick 
Reuschel, Mike LaCoss 
It's pretty clear that the A 's 

have the edge here, but can you 
imagine the Giants ' staff with 
everybody healthy? A Giants staff 
with Dave Dravecky and Mike 
Krukow would certai nl y rival the 
A's powerhouse staff. But without 
them, the A's have the edge. Ste-
wart, though not dominating, is 
durable and will pitch nine innings 
every time if the A 's score enough 
runs for him - which they usually 
do. The key for the Giants is to get 
to Stewart in the early-going, when 
he usually struggles. Garre lts, the 

CONSIDERING AN ADVANCED DEGREE? 
Meet with admissions representatives from a 
variety of graduate and professional programs 

around the country, including: 

• ACADEMIC DEGREE PROGRAMS 
• PSYCHOLOGY P,ROGRAMS 
• HEALTH PROFESSIONS PROGRAMS 
• INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS PROGRAMS 

PROFESSIONAL AND GRADUATE SCHOOL 
INFORMATION DAY 
October 16, 1989 
11:00-2:00 p.m. 

Career Services Center Plaza 

Sponsored by: School of Medicine HCOP / 
Special Admissions Support Program 

Career Services 
Office Of Graduate Studies and Research 

HEALING MOTHER EARTH 
THE BALANCE OF NATURE 

IIIIII~Slro Andr~s S~urll 
" Maestro Segura IS a vIsiting Anfe elder who has lectured (t( UniVerSUlfS through-
out the United Stales for mort th~n 17 ye'ar~ He was reared In MeXICO CIty, but hiS 
father took hun often to VISit an Indian Village 90 miles away from hiS home Eventu-
ally. a sp"itual father tOOk Segura ,n and taught h,m the anc,ent ways He 's a keeper 
of culture. an Instructor In nath e Allee dance. and a practilloner of the Indian Oral 
history traCilt lon" 

SPEAKING: Tuesday. October 17, 1989 
7:00 - 9:00 p.m. 

UCSD Price Center Gallery A 
(Second floor. above Theater) 

- Sacramento Bee 

English and Spanish Presentat Ion 

Co-Sponsored bJ' : Fifth COllege. MUIr COllege. Revelle College. Thord 
College and Warren College 

Supported by: CuItlIrilI Exchange Program ICEPI. MUIr Cultural 
Soclely IMCSI. Mu" P'ogramm,ng Boara (MPBI. Student 
Commltlee for Cultur~1 Apprec, t,on fSCCA). 
Affirmative Awon Relenl,on Comm,ttee (AARq. and 
tne Cdmpu~ Coahllon for Cultural Concern 14-C sl 

S".ci.i thanks to the Hlsplln/c St.H Auoc/.t/o n 
For more Informallon (<111 Janel Haley or FranCIne Mart,nfz at 51 ..... 1)1 

T h e UCSD Guardian 

NLERAleader, is tough but some-
what erratic. Moore is so lid. 
Reusche l is, well , overweight. 
Welch can be dominating, but 

LaCo~scan ' t. Davis comprises the 
weak spot of the A's staff, but he 
wins games. 

Edge loA 's 

Long Relief 
A's: Gene Ne lson, Rick 
Honeycutt, Todd Burns 
Giants: Jeff Brantley, Kelly 
Downs, Atlee Hammaker, 
Don Robinson, Craig Lefferts 
This one's close, but I'm going 

See BA YSBALL, page 15 

.. ., .... 

"" .. 
~ .. .... 0( 
.. " .. .. 

· . ' ... .. .. 

· . . ... 

Women '8 Soccer Nails 
Down 10th Shutout 

Kyle Clark. scored twice and 
Jackie Melnik added two assists 
to lead the Tritons to an 8-0 
trouncing of Whinier Monday on 
the road. It was UCSD's tenth 
victory - and tenth shutout- of 
the season. 

UCSD has now outscored its 
opponents 51 -0 this year. The 
Trilons will return home to face 
Azusa Pac ific on Friday after-
noon at 3:00 p.m. 

LP & CASSETIE 

ALSO ON SALE! ////////////1 , 

.' . ~o ,," ,,#i • 
· .. 
•• 

'qI .. .. Go : .. ,. . 
· .. ~ . ... .. 

"" .... , 
.... .... 

... " .. 
... .. .. .. 

· .. 

. 

Pierce Pettis I While the Serpent Lies Sleeping 
Phillip Aaberg I Upright 

Nylons / RockapeUa 

////////1///// 11, ' 
,;/ 

FREE 

SPORTS 11 

Soccer 

Women 
UCSD 8 WhiUier 0 

-OCSD goab: CIaIt (2), OUtock, 
Faro, Lindsay, Mauro, Melnik, 
Robenson 

UCSD RECORDS 
& RANKINGS 

~L I= 
Soccer (M) 7 J 2 
Soccer (W) 10 0 0 2nd 
Volleyball (W) IS 9 0 3rd 
Water Polo (M) 10 10 0 8th 

· .. 
· , 
· .. ,. .... 

.. ... . t 

.. .... I 

Do . .. . 

· .. . . 
· .. I .. II • 

III ".' .. 

· . · . .. .. 
• p .. . 
...... . 

· .. ,. 
.. " .. 

I .. ... 4 • 
...... .. 

....... 

· 4" •• 
... ~ .. 

· . ... 

· ... . ' 
, .' 
... " ... . 
· .. 
.. . 4 .. ' 

,. " ". 
,. "" . 

=iiiiiiil!iiii;;ijjpiiiiiiiiil: ' • r- .. " • . 
" .. ,. . 

:" .. " l 

.' · . 
.' ' · . 

.. ... .. 

• ... I 
· .. 

.... .. .. 

· ...... 
....... 

.. ..... 

· ., 
· .' 
· . 
· . 
...... .. 

'. . 
· ' . 

.. ...... 

... .. .. 

'iii' ...... " 

.. " " . 

· .. -- .. . 
'9 ....... " 

· .... .. 

· .' 
· . .. .. ... 

" ...... .. 

.. . " ... " 

~ " .. .. ' 
.. ... " 

.... . " , 
· .. 
· ....... 

· . · .... 
· .. . . . 

,. CI ,. .. 
" .... ~ 

.. .. .... 

C ASSETTE SAMPLER 
OF ~~::::::::::::::~J " .. .. .. .. . · .. .. ... .. .. 

· .. · " ... ' 
FRONT RO W CENTER 

WHILE SUPPLIES LAST 
r7:~;::-~;;~~--~"· "·" .... . 4 I 

,. " .... 
· .. 
• •• 

• .. " I 

SALE ENDS 10130 

9.99 CD 4.99 CASS/LP 

........ 

... ~ .. 
· .' 
.. " .. " 
· .. " .. 

.. 11>.. • 

. . . 

· . ...... 
.. . ... . 

.. " .... 

· . .. " .. . 

· " ... ... . 
.. " .. " 
.' . .. 

........ 

OPEN 'AM TO MIDNIGHT · 365 DAYS A YEAR 
~~~~ ~~~ 

ELCAJON 
796 Fletcher Parkway 

across from Parkway Plaza 
OP. N to AM T O to PM 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 

VIDEO 
3393 Kemper St. 

MUSIC VIDEOS 
VIDEO SAlES & RENTAlS! 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Cajon Blvd. 

next to Art St. Post Off. 



12 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, O ctober 12,1989 

Classifieds 
Classified advertising Is sold In 
15-word Increments. The rate per 
15 words Is $1 for students, $3 for 
faculty and staff and $4 for others. 
Payment In advance Is required; 
therefore, ads must be mailed with 
a check (made payable to The 
UCSO Guardian) or presented in 
person. Please have exact change. 
Deadlines are 4 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's paper and 4 p.m. Monday 
for Thursday ' s paper. The 
Guardian reserves the right to 
refuse any advertising including 
but not limited to companionship 
ads. For more information call 534-
5416. The Guardian, UCSD, 8-016, 
La Jolla, CA 920932. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Ski Utah with R isc! Thanksgiving, 4 
days, $245. Tickets on sale October 
11 at box office. (10/12·23) 

Designer Fashion Outlet Sale. Liz 
Claiborne, Esprit , Vuarnet, Body 
Glove and many more! All items 60 to 
90% off. Friday and Saturday only 
form 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. 8250 
Camino Santa Fe, Suite I. Left off 
Miramar Rd lour lights east of 805. 
10% discount for all studentsl (101 
12) 

Interested in politics? Be part of an 
ad campaign for Linda Bernhardt • 
running lor city council in San Diego. 
For more info. contact ASIO at 534-
4689. Intemship ends November 7. 
(10/12) 

Revelle Semi-Formal Theme 
Contest : Revelle needs a theme idea 
lor the upcoming semi-formal. Submit 
your idea to the Revelle Provost by 
Oct. 20. Winner receives free pair 01 
tickets. (10/12-19) 

Deadline lor a summer internship 
with Los Angeles Times is November 
17. For more inlo. aboutthe internship 
and materials needed, contact ASIO 
at 534-4689. (10/12) 
PENGUIN'S NITE - Monday 10/16 
7-1 0 p.m. Come support UCSD's 
Golden Key Club. Bring your friends. 
(10/12-16) 

Quest International- Over 40 reps 01 
inti. study, work, internship, and travel 
programs from around the world will 
be on hand to describe their programs 
and answer your questions. Be there 
Fri ., 10/13, Inti. Center. (10/12) 

AUTOMOBILE INSURANCE 
ALTERNATIVE , $35,000 surety 
bond, only $350 O.A.C.; $50 student 
discount. lnformation:456-7984. (101 
12) 

STAYING HEALTHY: STRATEGIES 
FOR BUSY PEOPLE. Learn practical 
enjoyable ways to manage stress, 
control weight and increase fitness 
that w ill make a difference in your life. 
Call Campus Recreat ion , 534-
4037.(10/9-10/12) 

Deadl ine to apply lor w inter 
internships is Friday, October 20. 
(4th week). Stop by the AS Internship 
Office, 3rd floor of the Price center, 
near AS offices or call 534-4689. (101 
5-10/19) 
Of course, we all know and accept 
that NASA is shooting 50 pounds 01 
pluton ium into orbit , headed for 
Jupiter. It must be safe. THEY said it 
is. And the record isn't so bad. One 
catastrophic accident in twelve. That 
was the Challenger. The GAll LEO 
of extraordinary presumption is flying 
today, October 12, Irom Kennedy 
Space Center in Florida . Isn' t 
plutonium that stuff which is toxic in 
any part per billion when breathed 
into the lungs? Thought so. THEY is 
the DOE. It is comlorting to know that 
the DOE is one olthe most discredited 
agencies in the Federal Government. 
The department has created areas in 
our country so heavily pollunted with 
toxic and radiocactive wastes that 
they may be written of as quarantined 
national-sacrifice zones. The Dept. 
of Energy is now under investigation 
by the FBI for criminal conspiracy to 
conceal illegal dumping. (10/12) 

Northern California Surf Association 
starting soon. 558-7406. (1 0/12-16) 

Thinking about your future? Learn 
what an internship can offer you ! 
Come to ASIO Info Night on Thursday 
Oct. 12at6p.m.Rm. 10, Price Center, 
next to Chinese restaurant. (1 0/2-101 
12) 

VISA OR MASTERCARD I Even if 
bankrupt or bad creditl We guarantee 
you a card or double your money 
back. Call 1-805-682-7555 EXT. M-
1052. (9/18-10/16) 

CREATI VE CAFE & COFFEE 
HOUSE where UCSD comes to dine, 
debate and relax in a beautifu l non-
smoking atmosphere . (See our ad 
each Monday) (1 0/2-1 0/30) 

Business Opportunity! MAKE $100 
a DAY! Work your own hours. It's 
easy with directions lor a money 
making idea. Send $1.00 to DCS, 
P.O. Box 70160, San Diego, CA 
92107. (10/2-1 0/26) 

ASIO Washington D.C, Summer 
internships for Washington Post; U.S. 
Dept. of State , Education and 
Agriculture; and Cable News Network 
is on October 18. Call 534-4689 or 
stop by ASIO 3rd Floor Price Center. 
(1 0/9-10/12) 

THE WHOLE CAMPUS CATALOG. 
Still curious? 85 e! General Store, 
Bookstore, M.O.M. NOT just lor 
Frosh. (10/9-10-/12) 

SERVICES 
TYPINGlWORD PROCESSING with 
laser printing. Low cost term papers, 
theses, resumes. Fast ! NADINE 578-
0496. (10/12-11 /30) 

A CREATIVE 
... CAFEANO 

~ , .... : ... ,,, ... ,, COFFEEHOUSE 

10 MINUTES FROM UCSD 
(University City) 

7:00 a.m.·JO:oo p.m. 
10 Midnight Fri.·Sat. 

No Smoking Restaurant 
Sunny Patio Service 

Parking Always 
Available 

Your Evening and 
Weekend Getaway 

, Cappuccino, wines, pastries 
, Weekend Breakfast (8-2) 
, Excellent lunches (11-2) 
• Jazz and Classical (taped) 
• Light Dining: SOlJpS, salads, quiches, 
etc. 

3202 Governor Drive 455-1017 
Take Regents Exit 01T Hwy_ 52 or take Governor (west) 01T Genesee 

Pet Health Care Veterinarian - call 
459-3279. "cater to students" - 10% 
011 1st visit with this ad. (10/12) 

The Center lor Counseling, Healing 
and Recovery offers help with the 
emotional pain 01 Alcohol and Drug 
Addiction, Co-Dependency orSexual 
Abuse. Please Call today 298-3101 
because your lile is important. (10/5-
16) 

ALL THE MOST RECENT 
ADVANCES in the psychoanalytic 
treatment 01 personal and 
psychosomatic problems : contact Dr. 
Fink, a Lacanian psychoanalyst 
trained in Paris, for conSUltations in 
English or French, 551 -9282. (10/5-
30) 

UCSD Spanish Lit Grad. from Mexico 
will tutor. Complete assistance with 
homework/conversationitranslations/ 
term papers/exams, etc. Evenings 
587-8231 . (10/5-12) 

WORD PROCESSING - Fast, 
dependable service. Rush jobs taken. 
Call Roger Lo at 458-0404. (9/28-11 1 
30) 

TypinglWord Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, theses, books, letters, 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (9/25-10/30) 

Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-1500 
hairs per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. 
Student discounts. (61 9) 558-4644. 
(619) 226-1962. (9/1 8-1/4) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at 
Cal Copy. Only $5.95. While you 
wait. Xeroxes and more. Near St. 
Germains. 452-9949. (1019-3/12) 

TYPINGIWORD PROCESSING: 
Fast, accurate, literate professional 
service at low student rates. Rush 
jobs. 454-6860. (10/9-26) 

WORD PROCESSING - IBM wI 
laser printer. Student papers and 
resumes. Reasonable student rates . 
Input/Output. 530-0470. (10/9-11 /2) 

WANTED 

If you are planning a major purchase 
01 $1000 or more (computer, car, 
airline tickets, dentist, etc.) I have a 
proposal that we can both profit from. 
Roger 558-7576 eveni ngs. (10112) 

Drummer wanted lor Rock-n-Roll 
party band. Must have own set and 
high energy l Serious inquires only! 
Call Tom for more info. 453-9065. 
(10/12) 

New Chili 's Restaurant. Hiring all 
positions. Apply M-F 10-5 at 5925 
Lusk Blvd. on the corner of Mira 
Mesa Blvd. Phone 457-5962. Great 
benefits and pay. (10/12-30) 

Part-time managers. Earn up to $200 
for 6-8 hours work. Call 286-1642. 
(10/2, 10/9, 10/16) 

BIG BEAR 
MARKETS 

Immediate openings for 
Clerk's Helpers at our 
new Costa Verde store. 
Part time positions for 
motivated, enthusiastic 
individuals. $4_25 per 
hour. Excellent benefit 
package. Apply in person 
Monday, Tuesday, or 
Thursday between 9:00 
a.m. and 4:00 p.m. at 

8510 Cenesee Avenue 
San Diego 

EOE 

Local professional woman looking to 
housesit, minimum 6 months. Prefers 
beach areas. References 436-3660. 
(10/12) 

Fresh and enthusiastic s tudents 
needed to market products. PIT, 
flexible. Bon Appetit Demos 236-
1196. (10/12-16) 

Warm, fun person needed to tend 
bright 8 yr old boy and do light 
housekeeping in Leucadia 7am-9am 
Tues-Fri. Provide references. Martha! 
Ron 942-2348 Eves. (10/5-12) 

Summer management internship 
interviews now taking place. Gain 
valuable experience managing a 
team 01 employees, customers and 
suppliers. Successlul appl icants 
undergo extensive training. Average 
earnings $6-10,000. Call "Student 
Painters" 1-800-426-6441 . (10/5-11 1 
30) 

Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the effects of alcohol. If you 
are a UCSD student or on-academic 
staff, American born male of entirely 
Japanese , Chinese, or Korean 
descent, call Scripps Clinic and 
Research Foundation for more 
information, 554-2192. (9/18-1/4) 

Positions: Bussing, hostess, cocktail, 
wail, Valle Rose restaurant, 2660 Via 
De La Valle, Del Mar, 481-8861 . (91 
28-10/16) 

ENGINEERING INTERN. We are a 
high technology electrical design and 
manufacturing company with two 
Engineering Intem openings. Under 
the direction of a Design Engineer, 
this position will perform software-
related tasks, including product 
su pport , debugging , testing 
documenting programs and some 
coding. Working knowledge of UNIX 
Operating System, 'C' programming 
language, assembly programming a 
plus. Junior or Senior in BSCS 
preferable . Will get to learn X-
Windows graphics. Interested 
candidates should send their resume 
to: 
LORAL INSTRUMENTATION 
8401 Aero Drive 
San Diego, CA 92123 
Attn : Professional Staffing 

Equal Opportunity Employer (10/2-
10112) 

TELEMARKETING HEALTH CARE 
PRODUCTS. 20-35% commission. 
Guaranteed salary to start. Call 292-
7288. (10/2-10/12) 

CRUISESHIPS NOW HIRING for 
spring, Christmas and next summer 
breaks. Many positions. Call 1-805-
682-7555 EXT. S-1023. (9/18-1 0116) 

House Cleaners. Part time, flexible 
hours around school schedule, great 
working atmosphers, $8 per hr. take 
home. Dependable, honest, good 
Rei., no experience necessary, car 
and telephone. Leave message 481-
4616. (10/9-26) 

AnENTION - HIRING ! Government 
jobs - your area. $17,840-$69,485. 
Call 1-602-838-8885. Ext R18113. 
(9/18-10/28) 

ATTENTION : EARN MONEY 
READING BOOKS! $32 ,OOO/year 
income potential. Details. (1) 602-
838-8885 Ext. Bk 18113. (9/18-101 
28) 

CRUISESHIPS NOW HIRING for 
spring, Christmas and next summer 
breaks. Many positions. Call 1-805-
682-7555 EXT S-l 023. (9/18-10/12) 

Neurobiology laboratory active in 
neural networks modeling and 
physiology is seeking a SCIENTIFIC 
PROGRAMMER (10-20 hr/week) to 
help develop software for acquiring 
and analysing neruophysiological 
data on IBM ATs and Mac lis using C 
or PASCAL. Opportunities will also 
be available to learn and use UNIX 
systems. SALARY $8-$10/hr. 
CONTACT Dave Lawrence, TheSaIk 
Institute. 453-4100 ext 579. (10/9-
12) 

Business Opportunity l MAKE $100 
a DAYI Work your own hours. It's 
easy with directions for a money 
making idea. Send $1.00 to DCS, 
P.O. Box 70160, San Diego, CA 
92107. (10/2-26) 

Models with or without experience, 
immediate part-timework, car helpful, 
photo and video. Call284-5095. (101 
9-12) 

The UCSD Annual Fund is seeking 
enthusiastic callers NOW. $7lbonus, 
ON Campus. Cal 587-1585. (10/9-
19) 

SKI FREE Adventure Tours is 
recruiting student coordinators to 
promote snow skiing trips to 
Mammoth or Utah. Must be outgoing 
and motivated. contact: Allen Larue 
at (619) 272-9660. (10/9-12) 

LOST FOUND 
Lost: gold Citizen watch at 
Canyonview Racketball courts on 101 
2. Call Glenn at 755-5856. 

Lost my Swatch wI black plasticband, 
black face w ith rotating color wheel 
showing through upper rightquadrant 
in the Rec. Gym Sun. 10/8. Please 
call Greg at 792-3715. Token reward . 

FOR SALE 
Dormsize fridge $40. Dorm sizb 
microwave $60 obo. Call Noel 8:00-
11 :00 evenings, 450-9036. (10/12-
19) 

Phantom of the Opera! Two tickets to 
the Dec 30th sold out show in San 
Diego. Original London cast I call 587 -
8584. (1 0/12-16) 

See CLASSIFIEDS, page 21 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

HOURI: 11 -10:30 Mon.-Thurs.; 
11-11 Sat.; 12-10:30 Sun. 

L 
\ , ... 

'y J \ • 

. 

'. -

lA .JOLlA COLONY 
7770 Regents Rd., Ste. 108 
(In Von's Shopping Center) 

' . 
. , . 

--------------------------CAPPUCCINO! I I I I BUY A SMAlL MEDIUM. OR LARGE FROZEN YOGURT 
I AND GET A DELICIOUS CAPPUCCINO DRINK FlEE_ 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Veld with any other offer. Toppings not Included. 
I One coupon per customer. EJPIIM 10/15/19 I ~--------------------------~ 

Thursday, October 12, 1989 

Continued from page 20 
Rolling stone tix . 10/21 4 seats. Call 
Mike 452-6779. (10/12-16) 

1982 Red Firebird, 4-speed, 4-cyln , 
11 OK miles, loaded, good condition, 
original owner. $2,000. Bill , 792-5431 . 
(1012/16) 

77 YAMAHA 750 DOHC. Good 
condition. Runs well . Parking permit 
and valid registration included. 
$575.00. Call Jason al 481 -9608. 
(10/5-19) 

78 Buick Estate wagon. Loaded . 
Reliable . Mechanically well 
maintained. Body needs paint . $950. 
Leave message. 459-6751 . (10/12) 

Stereo - Mitsubishi , DA-L 70, AM-FM, 
programmable 7-cassette changerl 
Linear turntable, 60 watts, clean, 
$150. John 535-0074. (10/12-16) 

Stones Tix! Sat, Oct21 . $200/pair or 
best offer. 458-5993 evenings. (101 
12-16) 

Wilson-Ultra FPK oversize tennis 
racquet, hardly used, approx. 10 hrs 
01 hitting. $140 new (unstrung), selling 
for $100. Evenings 470-1559. (101 
12-16) 

Surfboards - great condition. 6'4", 
6'5" , 6'11" for 75-150$. call Joey or 
Steen @ 458-0966. (10/12-16) 

Michael W. Smith Sunday Nov 5. Six 
excellent!! seats. $23/each. Call 452-
9310 evenings. (10/5-16) 

1985 Mazda GLC Deluxe; automatic, 
4 dr., burgundyltan interior; very good 
condition; 69K; $3,800 or best. John, 
223-8389. (10/5-16) 

For sale computer desk with hutch 
$130.00 call 455-1949 -Tracy (leave 
message) . (1 0/5-12) 

ATTENTION · GOVERNMENT 
SEIZED VEHICLES FROM $100. 
Fords, Mercedes, Corvettes, Chevys. 
Surplus Buyers Guide. 1-602-838-
8885 EXT. A18113. (9/18-10/28) 

NEC Laptop multi-speed EL, backlit 
screen. IBM compatible. 640K RAM, 
two 720K 3.5" drives. Six built in 
programs. Save $600. New in carton 
$2,OOOolbo cash only. Evenings 587-
8231. (10/5-12) 

1979 Datsun 5-door 30 mpg. New 
tires, brakes. proven retiable. some 
minor annoyances. yours for a song. 
$750 obo. call Paul at 558-8671 . 
leave name and # . (10/5-12) 

Computer system. IBM compatible 
computer 512K, dual disk drive, NEC 
Spinwriter Printer, and software 
included. Asking $1200 for whole 
system. Contact Brian at 546-8159. 
(1 0/2- t 0/19) 
Futon & Frame: $100. Sotabed 

-hardwood trim: $200. Both unused, 
caR deliver 456-1J571: (9118-1&3&1 

Prinler Panasonic Kx-P1124. Never 
used. Complete Guarantee. Letter 
Quality mode Epson L0-2500 Mode 
Commands & IBM Proprinter X24. 
With small footprint characters . Bit 
image for graphics, charts, etc. $310 
lirm. Evenings 587-8231. (10/5-12) 

THIS .... y, 

UCSDNIGHT 

2 for 1 
cover admission 

Dare to party ••• OHI's way 

1 B and over (619)470-6400 

Rent dorm or apt size Sanyo 
refrigerator from $55 per school year. 
RAR 695-9006. (9/18-10/12) 
ATTENTION - GOVERNMENT 
HOMES from $1 (U-repair) . 
Delinquent ta)( property . 
Repossessions. Call 1-602-838-8885 
Ext. GH18113. (9/18-10/28) 
1978 white VW Rabbit, 4 speed. 
Engine in good condition. Reliable 
car, $1200/0bo 259-7153. (10/9-101 
16) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, 4wheelers, 
TV 's, stereos, furniture, computers 
by DEA, FBI, IRS and US customs. 
Available in your area now. Call 1-
805-682-7555 Ext. C-11 99. (9/1 8: 
10/16) 
Genetics Book and problem guide 
forBio 131 (Suzuki, 4th edition) . $40, 
Call 558-7406. (10/9-10/16) 
1976 MGB 55,000 miles, single owner 
used as 2nd car, good condition 
$2,450. 454-9875. (10/9-10/12) 

'78 white VW Rabbit, 4 spee<l. Engine 
in good condition. Reliable car$12001 
obo 259-7153. (1 0/9-10/16) 

HOUSING 
1 Male needed to share a room on 
the beach in Mission Beach. 488-
5179. (10/12) 
Roommate share 2 bed apt. Non-
smoker, part. fumished TV, VCR, 
micro-walk to UCSD. $295. 546-
1464. (10/12-16) 
Single room in Clairemont houee, 5 
min drive from UCSD, $207 month. 
call 270-8419. (10112-16) 

Female, mature and clean. Private 
room in 2 bed, 1 bath apt. near all. 
Call 483-4508. (1 0/9-10112) 
1 or 2 male roommates needed, 
Mission Beach apartment. Ocean 
Front, rent is lIexibie. 488-2972. (101 
9-10/12) 
Mission Beach, 2 Bd, 2 Bath, Ocean 
view, $900-$1000, 488-1395 or 259-
1457. (10/9-10/26) 
Roommate wanted, La Jolla 
Boardwalk , $500/mo , totally 
furnished, pool, spa, tennis,walk to 
UCSD, own room wI dr. across from 
W Village Sq shopping. Dan 452-
0837. (1019-10/19) 

PERSONALS 

AOPi - Psyched for our first 
philanthropy project this year? See 
you at 4:15 a.m.! (10/12) 

Than necessary for 
your insurance? 

A short call could 
save you hundreds_ 

586-6237 

The UCSD Guardian 

WRITE ON SIGMA KAPPAS. We're 
looking foward to events int he futu re . 
Sigma Phi Epsilon. (10/12) 

Sigma Nu's - the Bash Saturday in 
Boxo rs and Bow ties w ill be 
Boundlessl - Sig Kaps. (10/12) 

Ski Utah with Risc l Thanksgiving , 4 
days, $245. Tickets on sale October 
11 at box office. (10/12-23) 

Help support Easter Seals by buying 
Halloween Coupon Booklets from 
KKG the month of October. (10/12) 

Adela - here's an opportunity for us to 
immerce ourselves in a fore ign 
language and culture. Meet me at 
Quest International on Fri, 10113, so 
we can find a program. Cecelia. (101 
12) 

CREATIVE CAFE & COFFEE 
HOUSE where UCSD comes to dine, 
debate and relax in a beautiful non-
smoking atmosphere. (See our ad 
each Monday) (10/2-10/30) 

WANTED: 90 people. Lose up to 25 
Ibs in the next 30 days!! 452-3710. 
(10/9- I 0/30) 

Molly M., the red-headed goddess of 
Revelle: would I love to try out some 
mediational model on you ! 

To all them hot and sexy Portoleiios: 
Glad you liked the PPBiweekly. We'll 
try to get the next one out on l ime. 
Hey JFK, I want my dinner nowl 

To the gorgeous women at the Koala: 
was it a trick, or is one of you the 
History Of Film Goddess? Uncle J-P 
was a stud. --Jason in worship 

Hey Dave! You're wonderfu"!1 Tell 
Mike I'm sorry; I didn't mean to wake 
him up the other day. 

Gary- Please contact me. I've 
received the results Irom the test at 
the clinic.-Bruth 

Anyone with information leading to 
the apprehension and castration of 
the guy who hit my Mustang on 
Sugarman Dr. Friday night please 
call 558-7420. Ask for Anton. 

Christine- Thou art the noblest 
woman that ever lived in the tide of 
times. Please don't do the happy-
happy wiggle with Ralph- Terry 
Dactyl 

far 
cover aclmiuion 

DaN to party ._. OHI', w.y 

18 and aver (619)A70-6AOO 

FREE 
DRINK REFILLS 

Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

La Jolla Village Center 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

LO N D 0 N The A rts - F.n.nce /Economlc Res.archl Managemenf • Hum.anfHe"th Services Politics· AdverhSlng /PR /M.rketlng 
Journalism/Broadcast/ Film 

Media • Public Relations • BUSiness 
Tourism' fashion · The Arts· Government PARIS 

WASHINGTON 
POllucs • BUSiness. EconomiCs • Pre·Law 
In1ernatlon al Relations' Journalism/ 
Communlcar lons • Health Fields· The Arts pO 

8 0S ton UntY IHSt l y 
Int tlnallonal P1 0gr arns 

Each 14·week Internsh.p program Includes . 
16 Boston UnIversIty semester·hour credIts, 
full ·t.me ,nternsh,ps. course work taught by 
local facu lty. cenlrally located hOUSing. and 
,nd,v,duahled placements for vortualiy every 
academ,c Interest Programs .n London and 
Pans are offered dUring the sprong, fall . and 
summer The Wash,ngton program IS offered 
dUring the fall and sprong. 

ns Comr'nonwtaUh A .. enue Bl 
80S Ion MA JnlS 
611 3~3 9888 

BO STON UNIVERSITY 
Aft t!Qu.' ouPOIIUftl f y. 

."' r"I.I'Y~ ""IOn ,n J UlutlOfl 
A representative from Boston University will be on campus : 

QUEST INTERNATIONAL '89 
OCT. 13, 10 A.M_ - 3 P_M. 

INTERNATIONAL CENTER PATIO 

Name __________________ __ 
__ l ondon Inl.tnSl\IO P'09,.,-nme 

_ TN A#ls Address· ________________ _ 
_ ' In_nee /EconomlC ReMatch! 

C,ty . ____ State ___ l ip _ M~",.nl 
Coliege /Unl~erSltv __________ _ 

_ Hum.n' ....... '" ServtCH 
_ PoJtftCS 
_ .t.dvetll,lng, N JMeR.,tng 
_ Jo""n",amf.oeck:nI/Ftim 

_~ Summer Fall Spflng 19 _ 
__ P.,,, tnlet'nstup PrOl'~ 
__ WHh"'91on Int ... n,h.p "'09'.'" 

Actuarial Science-
It's the 

Number One 
Profession 

Presentadon and Refreslunents 
Monday, October t 6, t 989 ' 

5:00 pm - 7:00 pm 
PrIce Center, Gallery A 

The 1988 Jobs Rated Almanac tisled Actuaries as the number 
~ profesrionaJ opportUnity in !he Unitlecl 5raIes. lhInsamerica 
Ute Compllnles, one of the premier finana.l services organi-
radom in North Americ:., offen outIriIndlng opponunilies 
for "nted people to hin in this d)'lYmk field_ We under-
.. nd INt ~ fulUre of our COIIIpIny Is, qulte lilerally, In the 
hands and minds of our ~ • Ihey deYeIop, price, 
JMrtcet and report the financial results of a variety of prod-
ucts In a profit-motivated environment_ 

~ptance into n:ansamerica ute Companies' actuarial train-
Ing program reqUtres a strong mathematics background and 
the s~c~ful completion of a minimum of one actuarial 
e~mlnabon_ Our c?lTlmitment to the training program is 
eVlde,:,Ced by th,: faa that time is designated on the job for 
study 10 preparatIOn for each examination. 

Tramamerica Ufe Companies also has an aauarial summer 
program (completion of I actuarial exam is strongly pre-
ferredl d~ig~ to. provide students, usually college sopho-
mores or JU!"IOrs, With an owrview of the insurance industry_ 
Students gain hands-on work experience. 
We offer excellem advancement opportunities and a bene-
fits ~ckage hard to. beat. We invite you to explore the chal-
lenging and ~wardlng future you can haw with 'Ihlnsamerica 
Ltfe Compames, by anending the presentation on Monday 
or sending your resume to: Tr.......tca Ute COIIIIpUI~ 
Roben J. Conner. Director of be .................. ,. • 
_t Dept. GeN41, 11 SO S. 01"- Stnec.. SuIte 
T·S 19, Los Anve .... CA 90015; (1 II, 741-1411. 
We a99.ressive.ty support equal opportunity and 
affirmattve action. Women and minorities are 
encouraged to apply. 

TRANSAMERICA 
LIFE COMPANIES 
Working together is the best policy. 



14 SPORTS 

T he Broadway' s ExecutIVe Development Program provides specialized training to 
introduce you to our company. and to prepare you for your fi rst management 

assignment as al1 Area Sales Manager. 

The Area Sales Manager positlOf1 prOVides management experience In a 
customer driven selllllg enVIronment. It ,"volves customer seNlce, the dorectlon 

and development of sales associates, merchandise presentation. and operational 
responSibilities. As an Area Sales Manager. you will also have the opportunity to 

implement many of your own ideas as we value the entrepreneunal SPIrit. It is the 
first step in what can be a challenging and most rewarding career in retail. 

AI The Broadway. we are committed to promotion based on achievement and 
offer a Wide range of growth opportunit ies. Therefore. If you are responsible. 

assertIVe. possess effective communication skills. and enjoy a fast paced 
environment . we want to meet you. Check with your career placement office to 

arrange an Inteoview or send your resume. with cover letter. to : 
The Broadway 

Executive Recruitment 
3880 North Mission Road 

Los Angeles , California 90031 

THE BROADWAY 
The Broadway Southern California Is a Division of Carter, Hawley. Hale. 

An equal opportunity employer. 
Will be Intervoewlng on campus Wednesday. November 1. 1989. 

The UCSD Guardian 

COMPREHENSI VE VISION TESTING 
FOR 

STUDENTS, FACULTY AND STAFF 

You're mart , 01' else you wouldn't be at U.C.S .D. So 
don't be fooled by low fees and one-hour service. Your 
eyes deserve the best eyecare in order to achieve maximum 
performnnce in ports, academics and the enjoyment of 
your free time. 

A comprehensive eye examination will detennine what 
you need to ensure your success through visual efficiency 
and good eye health . 

Contact lenses for all needs are custom fit to your eyes, 
visual need. and budget. 

UCSD students receive a 15% discount from customary 
profess ional fees. * 

See What You've Been Missing! 
Call to schedule an appointment for a compTehen ive eye 
examination or for a complimentary consultation with 
Dr. Ro enbaum. 

• Not mUd ill Cfmjttl/ {"Iiu/I ",iIIl (UI} otller J]'(·dal.\. 

Daniel J, R o enbaum, O.D. 
Alum n u s, Revelle 1979 

7770 Regents Rd., Suite 104, Von's Shopping err. 546-1940 
Mosllnsurance Plans Welcome! 

GOLD RING SALE 
$75 OFF 18K 
$50 OFF 14K 
$25 OFF 10K 

Order your college ring NOW. 
UNIVERSITY 
~ 
UIIIIlti:Ulml 

.J()Sl~}1~NS 
A M 

Ur=SD 

Price Center plaza 

R I C A 5 COLLEGF 

October 1 6-1 8 
10 a.m. - 3 p.m. 

R I N G'M 
Il l , " _' .j ,J ' 

VISA' f-..:.c- I 
' -.J 

Deposit $30.00 

Thursday, October 12,1989 

NO SPIRIT 
Continued from page 10 
because it was an initiative. the bill 
needed two-thirds, or 67 percent, 
to pass. Still , the bill almost passed, 
garnering a whopping 60 percent 
of the vote. That's more than 
enough to elect a new pres ident for 
our country. 

Then , last year. there was yet 
another effort to get a bill on the 
agenda. a bill that wa 'imply a 
referendum to improve the current 
sports situation leaving an open-
ended option about football. Once 
again the bill was killed, this time 
by a greedy A.S. president who 
had little justification for his ac-
tions. 

And here we are, in the 1989-90 
school year, and school spirit (or 
lack thereof) i as rampant as ever. 
UCSD is oneofthefew big schools 
(ar 17,000 we certainly classify as 
big) that virtually has no school 
identity. What do people think 
when you tell them you attend 
UCSD, provided, of course. that 
they have even heard of it? 

You might be surprised, but if 
you leave California - even 
SOLI/hem California - many 
people have no idea this school 
exists. Why'? Because there is noth-
ing that makes this school stick out 
- nothing that gives this school an 
identity. 

Sure , medical chool s and 
graduate school s know about 
UCSD, but what about the general 
popUlation? Where is our arch-
rival? Does anybody care? 

You might be inclined to say 
thata football team wouldn ' t make 
much of ad if ference. But actually, 
it would. Divi sion III athletics 
might not be big time, but football 
is big time, no matter what level. 
Even high school. Think back -
your whole school probably iden-
tified with the football team, even 
if it was 10 ing. 

Maybe you feel that a football 
team would ru in this school's aca-
demic reputation. Come on! Has 
anybody heard of Pomona, Occi-
dental, or Emory, to name a few? 
These are all schools that compete 
athletically atthe Division m level, 
and all with similar excellent aca-
demic reputations. Their football 
teams have not changed their aca-
demic image. 

A litt le recognition, a little ri -
valry, a little Saturday afternoon 
excitement, and who knows, maybe 
people will have a desire to come 
to UCSD on the weekends. Right 
now, it appears that 99 percent of 
the school drives home for the 
weekend - and stays there. Dur-

See NO SPIRIT, page 15 

AUTO INSURANCE 
CAN BE 

AFFORDABLEI 
Special Co"~g~ 
Stud~nt Program 

CALL US FIRST 

584-8400 
WESTLAND 

Thursday, O ctober 12,1989 

BAYSBALL 
Continued from page 11 
to have to go wi th the A's because 
the Giants have too many con-
verted staners with little e)(peri-
ence in this slot (Downs, Ham-
maker, Robinson). Nelson will 
always keep the A's in the game, 
and Honeycutt, though he has 
struggled oflate, is tough from the 
left sido. Lefferts is a plus for the 
Giants in the setup role. 

S/(~ht Edge to A's 

Short R elief 
A's: Dennis Eckersley 
Giants: Steve Bedrosian 
The mid-season acquisition of 

Bedrosian was supposed 10 give 
the Giants adominating closer, but 
he has been far from spectacular. 
Eckersley is one of the best reliev-
ers in baseball , and is unhittable 
when he's in a groove. 

Edge 10 A's 

Managers 
A's: Tony La Russa 
Giants: Roger Craig 

the Giants' helm. But wHat La 
Russa did this year cannot be over-
looked. La Russa kept the team 
afloat when it was missing its best 
players this season because of 
various Injuries: Canseco, 
McGwire, Eckersley, Welch, and 
Weiss. La Russa shuffled around 
his lineup and still managed to 
come out ahead. Craig is good, but 
he's no La Russa. 

Edge 10 A's 

Fina l analysis 

The UCSD G uardian 

NO SPIRIT 
Continued from page 14 
ing the weekend, UCSD resembles 
more of a tomb than anything else. 
Everything "happening" is off 
campus, and there is no real con-
gregating place for the students. 
Football games provide the oppor-
tunity for a large portion of the 
student body to come together and 
feel a certain " togetherness." 

Face it, when was the last time 
all five colleges at this school were 
found together cheering for a uni-
fied cause? Spirit night last year? 
Give me a break! That night was 
merely a shout-off, each college 
trying to create more of a ruckus 
than the other. No one even no-
ticed the basketball game that was 
occurring at the same time. 

Maybe, just maybe, someone 
might attempt to write another 
referendum this year. All too often 
in recent times theatlempts to bring 
football to UCSD have gone down 
in flames, shot down by some 
unskilled hunter who fig ured there 
was an enemy. 

SPORTS 15 

", __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

7rJM'6 Master Mechanics 
exclusively'NJ and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 

' Must present coupon and valid UCSD tD at time of estimate. 
Not vaUd with major engine Q( transmission repairs. 

r ~... CALL IFOANIA ~ 1450-94941 ~ E._ 
If You Have Friends with VWs, Ask Them 

About Us; 11 They Haven't Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References, 

5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 

Craig has been an excellent 
manager ever since he took over 

The Giants have been playing 
unbelievable baseball in recent 
weeks and have shown the ability 
to come from behind with venge-
ance. There's little doubt S.F. has 
the Will to win. But the A's have 
the pi tching, and pitching - as the 
Dodger fans will tell you - is 
what usually wins the World Se-
ries. This is going to be the most 
e)(citing series since the Mets and 
Red SOIl battled it out in 1986, and 
look for it to go seven games. 
Perhaps it will come down to the 
d ramatic Eckersley-Clark match-
up. By the way, I've got a hunch 
that McGwire's gonna be MVP. It's high time UCSD had a 

football team. -- -Take Oaklalld ill sevell . 

Introducing 
Courtyard by Marriott 

in Las Vegas and San Diego 
A Special Little Hotel at a Very Comfortable Price~ 

N ow you can enjoy "a special little horel" of no more t han ISO rooms, set in a friendly residential environment- at rates far mure attracti\'e than those of 
big, bustlmg hotels . Cuurtyard's smaller, more 
inn mate ;cale allows you to enJoy extra comforts 
and friend ly service no typical motor inn can 
match- specifically tailored to the needs of 
individua l travelers like you, and moderately 
priced for extraordinary va lue . 

Quality-with a difference 
For instance, you'll be pleasantly surpri sed Iw lonR '«1 hllm'" " .. "~ffllm hllme 1< ,ht 

by the amtlunt of space we give you in your .. hut. ,J.d h.honJ ( :UIHly",d h) MaTT"''' 
heautifu lly app,;inted room or suite . You'll be 
able to stretch out on OJ king- izr bed ... spread v.lm \\'mk out ,m an o\'er I:ed 
work de~k .. and rcl ,lx in a distm tly separate searing area . 

( -"Hr l \j , r,f. ' t \"'U fl lIl' ,,,j ."'- ' Lf llnJ "T I If H~· 
'dll"~ '1 If tollii/IUld thlll ". 

LAS \ ' ~_(,-\. ... 
()~"'I:Rl t ~:-': Kll \ ll6< t>-\ R \lW .. ~ HO \ () 

ONt BUKK I: . \~r nt I II F ~lRIP 

And when vou k"lw vour r"om . vou' ll enJOY 
"lher thoughrful much .. , , uch as a 
comforwhlr lohhv and lounge r h,Il 's nHlrc Irkc an 
"vc£>,I: t,d linng ro"m A congenl,l1 full 'scn'lcc 
rcstaur.lOl A ~\\,Immmg pool , \\'hlrlPllIll and 
ex .. r(l~e r,,"m fllr gue , r rrl.lx :lIllln A ;,ecurtty 

~y'tcm rh.l t k! ~ \,,111 rl',r ,1"'lIred Plu ; .1 
he,luuful:\' 1" nd'''ll'cd C"Uri\'.lrd . l'erfe t fora 
rl,fre,hlng olltd.)"r 'rmll d ,I\' or nl~ht 

Las Vegas: $76 every ni~ht* of the week. 
San Diego: $75 weekdays: $64 weekend nights~ 
C'aIl1-800-321-2211 for reservations and 

information. 

' li RA \n~." L.\JOLI \ 
\j{),,) ~l R ,,:-':10:-': 

I \"'lll~/Il" \I \IIR \ \1 1: .... \ BIVtl. 
~I:\ MILl'> TOTHI: BI:,\CH 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

5 mlnutl' 
tram UCSD 

23&-8587 
8950 Villa La Jalla Dr. 

La Jalla 

THIS FRIDAY, 

UCSDNIGHT 

2 for 1 
cover admission 

Dare to party ... OHt's _y 

18 and over (619)470·6400 

Laser Prints 
Save on laserWr;tere prints now 
through _1001/89 _ with this 
coupon. limit one coupon per 
customer. 

kinko·s· 
open 24 hours 

457-3775 1.. ___________ .1 

-

... 

.-



I • 

\ 

INTRAMURAL FLAG FOOTBALL RATINGS 
As of October 7 

MEN'S AM COED 

1. York HUIlt Ctub 2-0 1. liberace's Deep Threat 
2 SAE 2-0 2. The Balchln Gang 
3 Snack,"' At The Dumpster 2-0 3. Beagles 
4. Shookoes 1-1 4. h Happens 
5. Chocolate Crty l-t 5. BoII's 6th Season 
6. Ebony Men 1-t 6. Team R.A.T. 

7. 1M Hopp 
8. Went FOf T we 

MEN'SAA 9. We Go Long & Deep 
10. Po On Our Face 

1. e.o Buzzards 2-0 
2. KIck, Dnnk & Steal 2-0 
3. Deep Penetrahon 2·0 WOMEN'S 
4, TIn Cup & A Monkey 2·0 
5. Bushmen 2-0 t . Gel Wet & Stay Tight 1.() 
6, AerobIC Mahle 2-0 2. Too Slack & Too Strong t-O 
7 Powerhouse 2-0 3. Juhes Team 0·0 
8 Badnad 1 t 4 Flop Flop 0·0 
9 Pffilrst Place 1-1 
10. RIght Wing Death ~ad 1-1 

MEN'S A 5. HOIMong Skank 2-0 

1 Anal Borth 2-0 
6. Get A GriP 2-0 

2 Robs WhIpped 2-0 
7. LlOn-s Rec Club 2-0 

3 Premature Legends 2-0 8.Getbng Helmut 
2-0 

9, Peach Punch 2-0 
4 FOf Peter's Sake 2-0 10. tnn,alPenetratlon 2-0 

Just a little late-Football Preview 
I know all 01 you lie hard luns have been 

P·O-ed about our usual preseason lootball 
prevIew not appearing 1(1 these hallowed pages 
1IoIS season. Well, I've had to deal WIth 1Ioe 
biggest loss 01 the century on Budwelsertand. 
The death 01 Anheuser Busch master patno!. 
e.g Daddy Augoe . Augoe was 90 years old and 
was one hell ot guy. He had more partIes than 
mClOey, HIS luneral was like hIS ~Ie . And It'S 
taken me thIS long to recove r. 
Anyway ... ItsFOOOOOOOOOOOT-
BAUGH season I So let's go" 

Men's AAA 
Looks hke a combo natIOn 01 the last two 

years TIls could be an outroght scary year wrth 
three to lour teams lookong at a legItImate shot 
at the tnie, You've got tast year's champion 
Ybrk Hunt Club. They look a Ionle stronger thIs 
year wrth the acldlbon 01 Ken Schell oH In)ured 
reserve and new recruoJs Greg Parman and 
Greg T aytor. 

11 you remember last year, York had to come 
back Irom lWO touchdowns down 10 the secood 
hafl 10 deleat the SAE's on a mracUous last 
second touchdown, But tlis year expect the 
SAE's to be IooIung lor revenge, They are the 
delending IFe champions and are out to prove 
thatlFC IS on par with the rest 01 the boig booys. 

Leading the way is versatie quarterback 
Vikash Sanyaf who can do n all, This year along 
with his huge man-mountaon line he has added 
Jason Sommerwhowil deliMely be the neXl AI 
Toon. 

Another to be reckoned WIth IS a team who 
took a year oN after being embarrassed while 
losong a sure-thong btle championship two years 
ago. That's our boys .... Snack AI The 
Dumpster (bener known as the Herd, which 
means CHOKE). II they are ever 10 erase their 
image 01 linda Lovelace Iookafokes they have 
a chance this year with lhe biggest line ever 10 
play here. 

The ~ne is led by Jon Pearlstein and Brian 
Hutchens and averages about 228 pounlis, 
They are soooo big that when they both stand 
on one side 01 the lield you can leel the field tih 
to their side. Whew. 

Last but not least is the peremlally tough 
CIoocoIateCitysquacl. They havegooe through 
a major overhaul and are just startmg to adjust. 
Look IOf them to be tough in a couple 01 weeKs. 
lIudnwI's PredIc:Iion: SAE's over YOlk in the 
Hnaf to avenge last year's defeal A preview 
01 this year's potentJaf championship g~ 
can be witnessed thIS Fliday at 4:00pm on the 
No. Campus Foeld. 

Men's AA 
Seems like a lot 01 leams stayed down Instead 
01 movong up to AAA ChlCkensl 

The worst oHendars WIth the best chance 01 
wInnIng AA are: Powerhouse·Great speed 

OBaquesbon Bushmen·ShouIdWlO~. Kick, 
Drink& Steal-No sIZe but great talent, Big AI's 
Soldiers-Need organizatIon, but what's new?, 
Right Wing Death Squad·Need to dry out. 
BOOman's Prediction: Bushmen 

COED 
ThIS IS usually the drvlsoon 01 the haves and 

have nots. ThIS year is no dlilerent except that 
there are lew haves any bener than Uberace's 
Deep Threat. Despite the presence 01 the 
Inlamous Andy Greene. they have as much 
tafent as the San Francisco 4gers. 

Greene lIVes Ul 1M inlamy lor hf lack 01 
thrOWIng skolls on last year's Hawaoian lootbafl 
championship. which Irornwhat we understand 
is no diHerem than regular loolball. Deep 
Threat Is led. however, by the throwing and 
running 01 All-1M OBCarolyn HoHman, reminis-
cent 01 Joe Montana, iIld the receiving 01 Jeny 
Rooe-done DeekJa Marshall. Yes lolks, they 
look and are unbeatable. 

/I anyone IS gOIng to give them a run ~ win be 
either The Bltchin GMg or K HIIppens. The 
Bak:hin Gan!l Has sA the tools 11 Kevin Getbard 
and Michelti Tuttle, but 'Mil n be enough? H 
HIppen, is an always tough Coed tearn In all-
sports, but thIS may not be your toughest. 
BudmIn', Prediction: 1M Hipp in an upset. 
Ha·Ha! 

WOMEN'S 
How does 53-0 strIke you! That was the score 

01 GIl Wet , SWy Tlghf s first game. Gee, 
maybe that couidbe an in<kation olthe strength 
01 this team. Maybe. maybe not. But ~ could 
have been a Huke. Look IOf the ~n to 
come trom 8eve~y Brasher's Too BIIcIII Too 
SIIong. The only thing tIley could use is a ittIe 
bn bener coaching. 

Julie', THIll could be tough il they could 
get rid 01 some their confticts. I say give those 
confficts the boot The team to really beat is 
Flip Flop who lost in the "nafs last year by one 
touchdown in a close game. San Bloom is the 
brains and a heck 01 recruiter, Look tor her to 
corne up with a heck 01 a squad, 
Budman'. I'IIdIc:Iion: Get Wet Big over Flip 
Flop 

The Bud Page Is a paid advertising section 
tor Coast Distributing Company. 

All-Campus 
Tennis Singles 
Championships 
So who really are the very 

best tennis play.rs at UCSD? 

It's a question w.'ve always 

wanted to know. And most 

every year about this time, we 

usually g.t an answ.r, 

As you might have guessed, 

It's that time of y.ar again. 

Time for the UCSD AIH:ampus 

Tennis Championships, 

This y.ar's Singles tourna-

ment is scheduled for Saturday-

Sunday, October 21-22 at the 

Muir Courts. The tournament 

is open to all UCSD students, 

staff and faculty with this 

year's entry fee being one can 

of new tennis balls (Wilson, 
Dunlop, or 

The AII-Campul Tennis 

Singles Championships have 

been set up to provide competi-

tive t.nnis In three different di-

visions: Men's Open, M.n' 

Intermediate, end Women's 

Open. 

Tournament sigJHIps are 

currently being taken at the 

Canyonview Recreation 0fIIce 

betwMn Sam end SpIII_ When 

reliltering, .... indicate the 

division you wish to play In and 

the ...,oxlmat. It.rt ~ of 

y_ IIrst match (AM Of PMI, 
Each player will be scheduled 

for two cDnHCutive matches on 

Saturday, win Of 10M, 

Sunday'l matc .... wIH be 

IChecIuIed at the conclullon of 

your !at Sat .. , match, 

To_nt entrieI wll cIoN 

Fridlly, Oct_ 20 at 10 •• m, All 

recJstered players ma, call for 

their toumament Itllrt limn at 

3 p.m. Friday, Oct. 20 at 534-

4037. 

THE BUD POUNDERS POLL 
(1M VolleybaliRallkilZgs) 

MEN 'SAAA 
t SLIME (3-0) 
2 SUPEAWHALES AND NOIDS (3·0) 
3 GOOD SETS (3,0) 
4 SET ON MYFACE (2-1) 
5 SHUT UP AND LOSE (1-2) 
AM GAME OF THE WEEK: SHUT UP AND LOSE VS. SUPERWHALES 

WED,OCT 11 @9:15PM, MAIN-WEST . 

MEN 'S AA 

I TEAM PETE (3-0) 
2 TEAM PAIN (3-0) 
3 BRAD'S HAIRY SUIT (6·0) 
4 DEL TOPECTORALS (6-0) 
5 CJ AND THE TOAST (5·1) 
AA GAME OF THE WEEK: WHIPPLES NIPPLES VS. OUT OF NOWHERE 

THU·OCT 12@11:15PM, MAIN-WEST 

MEN 'S A 
1 TEAM JUMPSKY (5·1) 
2 ENGINEERING IDIOTS (5·1) 
3 BILL 'NBREITSHOW(5·1) 
4 WEEBILS TO THE NET (3-0) 

WOMEN 'SAA 
1 CHALLENGING CHICKS (6·0) 
2 WHO'S DAVE (6·0) 
3 WAYNE'S WORLD (6.Q) 
4 WE GET ON OUR KNEES (3,0) 
5 IT'S JANE'S FAULT (3-0) 
AA GAME OF THE WEEK: IT'S JANE'S FAULT 

THU.QCT 12 @8:15PM, 

WOMEN 'S A 
I BUMP AND GRIND (6 -0) 
2 PEPSI ALL·STARS (6·0) 
3 ARGO SIX PACK (3-0) 
4. CADAVER CADETS (5·1) 
5. ROSE'S BUDS (3·0) 
A GAME OF THE WEEK: CARIBOU's NOODLES VS. CHAKKABRO 

Tube Polo Swings Into Action 
POfllJlanty in this spcn has cominued 
to increase wrth another record turn-
out althe captain's meehng. 98 teams 
tUlnedout lor the Iallschedule and un-

ICIOunate~ only 
80 were abie to lind space in our 
leagues, Witll a record t8tearnscur-
renUy on the waiVng kst trying to get 
involved, teams play as late as 1 :00pm 
But players love this wacky sport and 
reaflydon't mind playing until the wee 
hours 01 the morning. 
The firsl week 01 play has provided 
some great actiCII1 as well as some of 
the IUfIIliest sights in II Sports, The 
experienced learns gide tI1rou!;1 the 
pool with the gre ... 01 ease, and 
shooI trom evwy sidI 01 the lube. On 
the backside 01 the pool, .-:omers 
struggle ID stay in their tubes and keep 
their swimslits on as they ., to roo 
plays and score. But the bottom line is 
consistent. ali levels-everyone has a 
gle8t time and \hars whal lM's are all 
about. 

1M WATER POLO RANKlNGS 
~ 
1. Swim FIllS (0-01 
2. Sammy Hosers (1-0) 
3. Rappid Rubber Wrappers (1-01 
4 _ Pool CIe ..... (1-01 
5, Powerful Pond Scum (0--01 

Intramural Men's Indoor Doubles 
Volleyball Tourney 

TIIII ......... till .,.,. -' UCSD wII be b ........ """" lilt. 
......... wIIII_ ....... ilDilllle.VDIIerbeII~ Itt 
tInIe to ..- ............. Dodd., KanlllIInIJ 01 vaIIe7INrII....,... ............. _ ............. tIIIe. 
If,., .. a......-....... w. have ......... JOII..,. 
,..., to _ .. to .... 'IIIIIC 01 TIle 8eecII' ...... , 

TIle tIIurr.....t wII ......... tNt SabirdeJ, 0ct0IIer 14tII. SIp4ijii ... 
.,..... Uken • till c:.n,Dlft4ew MIl ............. 1IIiIIIIIIII ........ FrItIII" 
October 13th, w ... have. 'A' clvIIIDn ........ ana I d....,... and • 
'8 ' ihIIIDn .. b .... _ .... liItai.tI.cI .. ___ TIle t-r Ie .... 
..... be ........ FtIiIeJ.12_, 

tAT U~ 
arts entertainment 

OCTOBER 12, 1989 

Win an autographed 
compact disc of the 

band's latest release. 
See related music 

quiz, page 7. 



Mira M ... lliwanl. Th .... rs 
566-1917 

Look Who's Talking Black Rain 
The Fabulous Baker Boys An Innocent Man 

Unlv. rslty 'ow... C ... tre 6 
452·7766 

Look Who's Talking Old Gringo Dry White ""~"OUll 
Sea of Love Parenthood Breaking In 

La Jolla Villa.. Th .... rs 
453·7831 

The Fabulous Baker Boys An Innocent Man 
Black Rain Crimes And Misdemeanors 

K •• CI __ 283-5909 
Oct. 13-15: A Taxing Woman's Return 

Every Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 
The Rocky Horror Picture Show 

Cove-459-5404 The Music Teacher 

Over-21 
~1 

Party 
Games 

This is the beginning of a weekly column which expands the 
range of 'entertainment' that we cover. Although The Guardian 
does not promote the consumption of alcohol by minors. those under 
the age of 21 can substitute the word "soda" for the word "beer.· 

THE BOOT FACTOR .. based on a scale from one to five, in-
dicates the level of havoc a beer game will wreak upon your system. 
The Boot Factor rates a beer game's inherent capacity to stimulate 
a little-known area in the brain. the regurgitus violemWi Ie::li. 

INDIAN SWEAT .. Boot Factor: 1 
Each player is dealt one card, face down. Players are not allowed 

to look at their cards. Instead, they must bring the card to their 
foreheads without looking at the card's face. Thus, a player can see 
everyone's card but his [or her) own. 

Bidding commences. TIle dealer begins. and the rest of the 

I 
players take turns betting any number of shots of beer that the card 
on their own foreheads IS the highest in the group. 

As the "pot" increases, the players who feel their cards might be I 10 ers drop out. They must then drink the amount of beer in the 
"pot." At the end of the betting the player with the lowest card must 
drink the final amount bid. 

Party Safe" Don't Drink and Drive 
Reprinted wilh permiS>lOn frum The Complete Book pf Beer Orlnkin~ Qame, by 

Ben Rand, AnJy Griscom and ScOIl John.run. Cupyright ~ 1989. Available al lneal 
Nx>l,f()re, or fmm Mu:.lang Puhlishlng, PO Box 9327, New I laven , CI 06533 ($5.95 

I plu:. $1.50 ",,,, Ialle ). 

THIS FllDAY, 

UCSDNIGHT 

2 for 1 
cover a d mission 

Dare to porty ... OHl's woy 

18 and over (619)470·6400 

THIS MmAY, 

UCSDNIGHT 

2 for 1 
cover admission 

Dare to porty ... OHl's way 

1 8 and over (619)470-6400 

No Harmony In 
'Melody Sisters' 

"Mekxly Sister,n make it to the 
Londun Palladium and perform 
before the Queen of England. The 
play is about the ubstacles placed 
before the six sisters and their 
ability to overcome all and come 
out the winners. By uniting. they 
manage to bring the hOLlse down 
- the fictitious one. which exists 
within the story. 

"Melody Sisters" isatthe Hahn 
Cosmopolitan Theatre in down-
town San Diego. Performances are 
Wednesday through Sunday. Dis-
counts are offered to full-t ime stu-
dents. For more information. please 
call 234-9583. 

By Christina Huizar 
Hiatus Staff Writer 

The announcer's voice spews 
out through the overhead speak-
ers. "Iadics and gentlemen. delayed 
but not forgotten ... the Melody 
Sisters." I sit in my seat. waiting 
patiently. my only thought (a re-
curring one throughout the past 
hour and a half) is that maybe the 
latter would have been better. Six 
middle-aged womenglideonstage. 
their eggplant purple lame gowns 
glowing in the bright spotlights. 
The ir mouths open and forthe last 
time. thank goodness. they sing 
their one hit song "Playmate." 

"Melody Si ters." a musical 
comedy. is playing through Octo-
ber 2Z at the Hahn Cosmopolitan 
Theatre. 

Criticism on this production 
should not be directed [0 the ac-
tresses. but to the actual screen-
play by Ann Commire. The play 
started out slowly. incredibly 
slowly. and built its speed up to a 
leisurely pace. The opening scene 
begins with two sisters in the base-
ment. one giving a perm to the 
other. The dialogue exchanged is 
dty and latent. It is within this 
scene that the story begins to un-
fold. The basic premise on which 
the plot runs is the coming to-
gether of six sisters for a reunion 
performance at the london Palla-
dium. Can they do it? Perhaps the 
question should have been. do we 
really care? 

The six "Melody Sisters" all 
miraculousl~ still live in the same 
town ofBass River. Michigan. Even 
more incredible is the fact that 
they all seem to exist in the cold. 
damp basement ofShay's house. It 
is here that lile individual charac-
ters come forth and develop, so to 
speak. 

There are Freeda, Joyce. Shay 
and Dia. who have all become 
more-or-less content housewives 
and mothers. Rowe has become a 
wealthy woman and seldom asso-
ciates with the other five . The 
biggest surprise. a pleasant one. 
comes from the sixth sister and the 
black sheep of the family. Marce. 
The youngest, Marce has spent 
the last several years in a mental 
institution where she has degener-
ated to a pill-taking zombie. 

In order to make the reunion 
complete. Marce is released from 
the hospita I and takes up residence 
in the infamous basement of Shay. 
The next six or seven scenes deal 
with the problems and confronta-
tions that arise in the month pre-
paring for the show. Conflicts arise 
and are resolved as the six sisters 
come together. sharing their de-
sire to "make it" one last time. The 
biggest problem that arises is 
Marce's drastic change in behav-
ior. Her zombie-like manner is 
replaced with a flamboyant child-
like demeanor. resulting from a 
cease in her prescribed pill-taking. 
Perhaps one of the few joys of the 
production is watch ing Marce race 
across the stage I ike a fi ve year old. 
playing doorbell dichem, running 
circles around her sisters, and tug-
ging at their shirt sleeves. 

This brings forth the problems 
that existed for me. There seemed 
to be a generation gap the size of 
the Black Sea fonning between 
myself and the stage. I found much 
of the humorous content uncan-
did and outdated. Surrounded by a 
sea of gray-headed adults, I was 
outnumbered hands down. Had 
the age difference been non-exis-
tent. perhaps the play would have 
been stronger in my eyes. though I 
doubt it. 

As you probably guessed. the 

Staff 
Hiatus Editor 

Patty Jettie 

Associate HIatus Editor 
Nancy Muntner 

Music Assignment Manager 
Larry Weintraub 

Editorial Assistant 
Jennifer Yancey 

Staff Writers 
Laura Baker 

Eric Gustafsen 
Christina Huizar 

Jean Suzuki 
Audrey Lyn Winterer 

Interns 
Caroline Altman 

Ramine Bahrambegi 
Mike Berta 

Walter R. Bitts 
Scott Casmer 
James Oarliw 

Bryan Oias 
Pierre de Gaillande 

Joce Gonzaga 
Lara Heisler 

Kevin Hultquist 
Josh Odintz 

Marie Paster:l(l.k 
Mike Schwartz 

Jennifer Yancey 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free consultation and initial treatment 15 min. $20 value. First·time clients only.) 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Eyebrows 
Upper Lip 
Chin 
Underarms 
Breast 
Stomach 

Bikini line 
fingers 
legs 

Toes 

Permanent Hair Removal 

558-0888 

Alexander's Electrolysis 

La J olla Village 
Profe •• ional Center 

Behind Elephant Bar 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Ste. 2121 

2 HIATUS OCTOBER 1 2 1 989 

A Taste Of London 
Comes To San Diego 

By Marie Pasternak 
Hiatus Intern 

San Diego has something ex-
citing and unique ro offer the Hard 
Rock generation. It 's called the 
Piccadilly Line and it's a dining 
adventure in food, music and 
atmosphere which will take you to 
the heart of london. 

Piccadilly Line'sdesigner David 
Robinson spent two weeks just 
absorbing the sights and sounds of 
London in order to research this 
project. The result is an upbeat 
blend of big city sophistication 
and Disneyland as it subtly mimics 
london's Piccadilly Circus. 

After travelling down a cobble-
stone floor, the diner enc.ounters a 
statue of Eros, the Greek god of 
love. standing at the center of the 
restaurant. The "London Pavil-
lion" creates a skyline and pictures 
of the city adorn the walls a long 
with the 600 feet of neon lighting 
which the restaurant proudly 
boasts. A British phone box sits in 
the corner. and music from some 
of Britain's finest rock and roll 
performers emerges from the tail 

end of a double decker bus. The 
restaurant also contains a compli-
cated lighting system which can 
be set to create five different scenes 
between night and day. 

The Piccadilly Line is a show-
case in deSign, with the highlight 
being its bar. It is a replication of 
London's famed subway. the Tube. 
Hete you can choose from a large 
selection of English beer while 
London 's Tube trave lers pass over-
head. 

Although the atmosphere steals 
the show. the restaurant itself has 
much more to offer. The food is 
very good and reasonably priced. 
It's called "Engla-Fornia" and it 
combines the best of the U.S. and 
Great Britain. 

The specialty of the house. 
however, is good old American 
pizza . . . a delicious deep dish 
Chicago-style pizza which brought 
Piccadilly Line owner Laurie Soil 
success on both sides ohhe Atlan-
tic. 

There are also chicken dishes. 
hamburgers, salads and tradition-
ally British foods such as Fish & 
Chips. Shepherd's Pie and Toad in 

the Hole. To top thingsoffisa nice 
selection of desserts with a par-
ticularly sinful choice called 
Chocolate Brain Damage. This 
dessert speaks for itself. and italone 
is worth the visit to the restaurant . 

If history truly does repeat it-
self, then the Piccadilly Line is 
already an assured success. The 
restaurant's history can be attrib-
uted to owner Laurie SolI. This is 
a restauranteur with a past. 

Once an accountan t in Los 
Angeles, the native Chicagoan 
would regu larly have pizza shipped 
from his favorite hometown res-
taurant Pizzeria Due. With this 
luxury becoming a bit expensive, 
Soll cunningly obtained the rec-
ipe for the tasty pizza. 

A year and a half later, backed 
by five Beverly Hills doctors and 
two screenwriters. Laurie SoIl 
opened the Chicago Pizza Works. 

In 1974. the business [Ook off 
when prciducer Allen Carr enjoyed 
the pizza so much that hecommis-
sioned the restaurant to make pizza 
for a small party of 450. Many 
celebrities were there. as well as a 
CBS camera crew, and Laurie Soli's 
pizza became the toast of Holly-
wood. 

Eros overlooks the Piccadilly Line 
is currently owned by the Hard 
Rock Cafe chain). he. along with 
his British wife and two children. 
has come to conquer the appetites 
of San Diego. 

rant once a week. SolI has also 
expressed an interest in somehow 
becoming involved with the Uni-
versity and its special interest 
groups. and he stated that he is a I-
ways open to suggestions. 

Three years later. the successful 
restauranteur introduced London 
to deep dish pizza with the Chi-
cago Pizza Pie Factory. This be-
came such a success that he sold 
his Los Angeles restaurants. He 
then spent the next ten years in 
London, until recently when, once 
again. Soil decided to move on. 
Selling his London restaurant (it 

For Soil. deciding where to re-
locate was a choice between Flor-
ida. los Angeles and San Diego. 
In speaking with him. it appears 
that this City may be the winner in 
more ways than one. Soli is a man 
wh ' ~ mestly wants to give to the 
community as much as he wishes 
to benefit from it. 

The Piccadilly Line is definitely 
a rest"aurantworthcheckingout. It 
offers the luxuryofasophisticated. 
upbeat atmosphere without charg-
ing a high price for it. 

The restaurant is located in 
Hillcrest at 3900 5th Avenue. It's 
open from II a.m. until midnight. 
and parties of up to 40 can be 
accommodated in the Tube Car. 
I nformation or reservations can be 
o btained by calling 574-7700. 

Currently. he and his partners 
are working on a program with a 
local receiving ward. in which kids 
are treated to lunch at the restau-

.Eve,y Night is lI[JC~:S 
Fun Night at ~ l~~ ~ 1~P.~RCj \ .1 

EVERY MONDA Y r. L (. [\ 
Hospitality Night 

$1.00 Drinks after 8:00 
Beer, wine, and 
well drinks only 

Bring your check stub as 
proof of employment 

Monday Night Football 
All you can eat 

Hot Dog and Chili Bar 
5:30-8:00 

$1.50 pints of beer 
TUESDAY 

.. 

is Buck Night at the Beach 
Come join us. Order your 

favorite. drink 
Draft, wine, well drinks 

$1.00 
Starting at 8 p.m. 

WEDNESDAY 
Ladies Night 

Ladies every Wednes-
day after 8 p.m. 

No Cover-$1.00 drinks 
Specialty Drinks 

.. \ ~, THURSDA Y 
, -·1 , 
...... UCSD Run For 

• - . The Border 
Join us for the best 

Mexican Buffet during 
Happy Hour 5-8 p.m. 

$1.50 Margaritas 
No cover with student I.D. 
and valid driver's license 

WILD FRIDAY 
Party with Z-90 

90t Drink Specials 
Best Happy Hour in Town 

cover between 7-8 p.m. 
Late night party starts at 8 

SATURDAY 
Long Island Night 

Come early to avoidcover 
between 7-8 p.m. 

Party goes on with best 
Light Show in town 

$2.75 Long Island Ice Tea 
all night 

HlJppy HOVT Buffet Mon.-Fri. 5-8 • Free Food and Drink 
4190 Mission Blvd. (2 blocks south of Grand Ave.) 

in the Pacific l\f;ach Promenade (6B) 581-3938 

3 HIATUS OCTO ER 12 1989 



'A Dry White Season' 
Is Disappointing 

provoke. the back of the boy who. of course. 
is innocent. and the audience is 
immediately clued In to the fact 
that this movie will indeed be one 
fu ll of scenes of shocking images 
and gratuitouS violence. 

As we move further into the 

officers spontaneously stan shoot-
ing into the crowd of protestors. 
killing black children. 

By Mike Berta 
Hiatus Intern 

Donald Sutherland. this is exactly 
what director Paula Weinstein 
attempts. In trying to shock the 
audience with violence and racial 
bigotry. she sacrifices plot line. 
writing and unity. and we are left 
with confusion rather than the 
righteous disgust she is trying to 

"A Dry White Season" is a 
movie about racial tension in 
South Africa and the cruelty and 
injustice of its all-white regime. It 
uses the well-worn plot line of 
someone on the inside (Donald 
Sutherland) who sees the bigotry 
of his people and the righteou 
nobility of the down-rrodden. and 
leaves hIs people in order to make 
a difference in the world. 

tory. it turns out that the gardener 
wants to clear his son's name and 
comes to his employer Benjamin. 
a white professor played by Donald 
Sutherland . for help. Benjamin 
tells the man to forget about the 
in cident and not make mo re 
trouble. and the gardener reluc-
tantly takes his advice. Then. a 
week later. the son is arrested again 
in a peace march where the white 

The gardener again comes to 
Benjamin fur help, and he finds 
out that the chi ld was tortured and 
killed. The re t of the story re-
volves around the father trying to 
recover his son's body and getting 
in trouble him elf. and Benjamin 
'betrayi ng' his loyalties to his own 
race to help the man. 

If you are going to tackle a seri-
ous topic like apartheid. it is not 
enough to just use sensationalist 
propaganda to stir up an audience. 
In" A Dry Wh i te Season ... starri ng 

The torystartsoutwithablack 
gardener living in Soweto trying 
to comfort hi ten-year-old son 
who has been arrested and whipped 
by the police. We are shown 
graphic pictures of the scars across 

In directing this movie. Paula 
We in tein gives the impression 
that she is trying to include as 
much shock value as possible. It is 
impossible to tally up the number 

See SEASON, page 7 

• 

The home of the 
49¢ halllburger. 

! l m U"VOIrt1/~m 
.... &!lou . 

. (\ . 
IoAI'O"'O 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
I..L. ...... !!!!-----------------------ALLAMERICAN-MEAL--- ~ Quarter Pounder ' with Cheese. Medium Fry, 

Medium-Size Soft Drink Cosh yolu.: II I I 1/ 2001 1 cenl 
I I II 
I I Llml' one coupon per -J t $199 II 

customer. per VIS" Please US II 
•
11 present coupon when (plus tax) II 

ordenng Not valid WIth Only aI' II tM1~~30" ." ",=:"~ La Jolla '-I-+.:: 
--------------------

"EVERYTHING WE SELL IS DISCOUNTED" 

~ • AIR-MAX UTE ~ Ladies • Menls 
Reg. $90 ~ 
Sale $79.89 ~ 

~ ~" SPERRY TOPSIDER 
ONLY 
$24.95 
Reg. $38.00 

1.t.O~ ~ --SAUCONY 
PRESnGE LO 

Reg. $68.00 
Sale $59.89 

PRESnGE MID 
REG. $76.00 

SALE $67.89 

La Jolla Playhouse Mandell Weiss Theatre •• October 10 through November 19 
Produced in association with the UCSD Department of Theatre 

by William Shakespeare 
Directed by Des McAnuff 

STUDENT RUSH 

Shakespeare plunges his audience into a nightmare 
world of murder and madness -a vvorld where dreams 
and reality fuse, and one childless couple s love for each 
other drives them to bloody deeds that lead a nation into 
darkness. The Playhouses Tony Award winning Artistic 
Director Des McAnuff will direct. 

Full-time students with a valid student 10 may purchase 
unsold seats at half-price for any performance (except 
Sunday, Oct. 15) Rush tickets go on sale one-half hour prior 
to the performance. Student rush discount is subject to 
ticket availability. limit 2 tickets per valid 10. 

Macbeth will be performed in the Mandell ~ 
Theatre on the UCSD CiJmpus, October 70 through 
November 19. Performances are: Tuesday through 
Sunday evenings at B. Saturday and Sunday 
matinees at 2. (No matinees Oct. 14 or Oct. 21.) 
Regular ticket prices: $16.00 - $25.00. 

For more infonnation: 
5~3960 

4 HIATUS OCTOBER 12 1989 

f . 



r 

rJ';r;1 
f.-..u a choice 

• Free Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

• Pregnancy Termination 

• General and Local 
Anesthesia 

• Low Cost Early 
Pregnancy Testing 

(10 Days After onception) 

• Affordable Birth Control 

call 
The College Line 

(619) 535·1379 
Family Planning Associates 

Medical Group 

An all-new laser show set to the timeless 
music of Pink Floyd 

Also . still showing 
Summer of '69. 
A musical mind-trip. 

Open evenings, too! THEATER AND SCIENCE CENTER 

For 
show limes 

call 231·1161 

Balboa Park 

OpEN HOUSE 
T u~sJ~ , Octob,,. 17 
l1-Zpm t S~,ond Floor 

University Ctnter 
s4s-zo~ 

• 

m US Ie 

Fetchin Bones To Thrash At TGIF 
By Jo h Odintz 
Hiatus Intern 

Punk is dead. Its afterbirth yielded thrash, and it was good. The Replacements, the Red Hot Chili Peppers, 
Mary's Danish and other wonderful bands came out of its tradition. Fetchin Bones is the newest band to make 
it out of the genre with a hard-hitting, intelligent approach to thrash. 

Monsrer is Fetchin Bones' third album released on Capitol records. In a recent interview, lead singer Hope 
Nicholls expressed her views about the album. "The atmosphere we wanted to get was the kick-ass att itude 
that we have live. We wanted to dominate. We wanted it [Monster) to rock from start to finish. And when 
it wasn't rocking. we wanted to blow people away .... We feel like it's our best record." 

Nicholls believe that by using producer Ed Stasium, the band was able to get the desired effect. "We really 
liked what he [Stasium) had done with Living Colour and Soul Asylum." Nicholls explained. "Both those 
bands are kind oflike us in that we have a great live sound that we wanted to get on record. He was really 
excited about working with our band." 

Monster is filled with many well- written and executed songs. The openingsongof the album, "Love Crush-
ing," combines the old feel of X with the funk and hard beat of the late 80's. The song is an attempt to show 
the humor in a relationship, and the wild, spontaneous music captures that attitude. 

The best song of the album is "Cross," a lovely tune which deals with the future and the problems of 
commitment. The use of Aaron Pitkin's and Errol Stewart's guitars create a scen e of confusion, desperation 
and beauty. Again, the well-written lyrics make the song. "I wonder why you sleep next to me I Night after 
night, uncovered and bare I It feels like you've always been there I Dreaming with me, waking with me." 
Pentes' violin solo at the conclusion of the song brings tears to the listener's eyes while offering a glimmer of 
hope. 

Nicholls' favorite is ") Dig You," which deals with the reasons for staying in a relationship even though 
it isn't perfect. "I like the attitude [of the song). I like to sing it a lot. I love the lyrics," Nicholls said. ") Dig 
You" recreates the wilderness of the Sex Pistols and brings in the modern hard rock sound. The result is a 
masterpiece of thrash. 

Fetchin Bones is currently on tour, and according to Nicholls, they are having a great time. "Everything 
is bizarre," Nicholls said. "Everything is different .... People dig us. It 's going to be cool becau e we are a band 
that definitely appeals to young people because it's thrashy and grungy and it's Iggy Pop in a female body." 

As for Fetchin Bones' future plans, the band hopes to continue touring and the increase the popularity of 
Monster. Nicholls said, "We're still working this record. We believe in it for the long haul. So, we're doing 
a second video, 'Deep Blue.' Then we'll see how that goes." 

Fetchin Bones will be appearing Friday at the T .G .l.F. on the hump. If the band is in top form, this band 
may be the best T.G.I.F. band of the year. Nicholls' parting shot: "Free James Brown." 

Pop's A Lot To Swallow 
By U?ry Weintraub 

Music Assignment Manager 
Imagine the Beastie Boys playing in the nude, leading a crowd of sweaty teenagers in a chorus of, 

"Gimme Big Mac, fries to go I Gimme Big Mac, fries to go!" Add a fourth band member and the latest in 
sampling and music technology, and you've just been introduced to England's most raucous rap/rockers, 
Pop Will Eat Itself. 

COnsisting of two vocalists, a bass player, guitarist, and backing tapes supplying the drums, PWEI (as 
they're commonly abbreviated) combines the loud elements of heavy metal, the catchy rhymes of rap, 
and thedanceable beats of pop music on their latest album, This Is The Day, This Is The Hour, This Is This. 
Clint Mansell, one of the band's singers, summed up the band's ideology in a phone interview from his 
home in England. 

"Nobody seems to really be making a blend of things that we listen to," Mansell said. "We like stuff 
on me one hand by Public Enemy, to the other extreme, someone like Slayer. Everybody seems to be one 
thing or another, whereas we're Just influence by a lot of stuff. [We write) pop stuff sometimes like the 
Bangles or the Pet Shop Boys, to stufflike Motorhead. We're twenty-four and twenty-five years of age and 
we're into a lot of things. We want to make a sound that reflects that." 

This Is The Day , This Is The Hour, This Is This is PWE)'s second album, which follows the college 
alternative favorite, Box FTe~. Box FreTItJ rotates between chaotic songs like the single "Beaver Patrol" 
to new wave ballads like "There's No Love Between Us." This Is the Day . .. ,on the other hand, flows 
much more evenly, mainfaining a constant beat-driven pace culminating in songs such as "Can U Dig 
It!" and the previously releMed -pefCon One." 

"Between the two albuma It was a 1earninc experience," Manset[ explained. "[We looked atl things 
we've done which have worked and things that'haven't. AUwe tried to do with this album was to keep 
a tlshter rein on exactly what'ft wanted. With the first album, we were in a transition period, some of 
the scuff was written in the studio and same of it was older stuff that we tried to update. It caught us in 
two minds. It didn't really work overall. There were some great songs and there' were some not-sa-great 

See pop, paae 7 
. 

6 HIATUS OCTOBER 1 2 1 989 

Cubes 
Continued from page 1 

Siggi and Einar agree. They 
claim that as soon as they get 
burned Ollt, and being in a band 
stops being fun, they will have no 
problem refocusing their attention 
on the company as their primary 
interest. "We plan ro open a cafe 
and gallery, and a small radio sta-
tion, and quite a few other proj-
ects," claimed Siggi. This is sur-
prising news from a band that has 
achieved mllch success, praise, and 
attention for being an innovative 
force in the music world. 

On the same note, the band 
described the ups and downs of 
their profession in the most matter 
offact way possible. As for touring, 
Siggi reasoned, "Although we do 
enjoy rouring, we also get home-
sick. We looked to touring as a 
means of seeing exotic places we 
had always wanted to see like Ja-
pan, the Orient, Australia and 
South America. Unfortunately, 
because we have the policy of 
spending 50% of our time at home 
in Iceland, we've only been able to 
concentrate on the biggest mar-
kets touring-wise: America and 
Europe. We're going to make an 
exception and work really hard 
this whole winter. We're starting 
our European tour October 4 into 
December, then a break, then 
America in February." 

The band displayed a mixture 

of fear and ambivalence when 
discussing what it is like ro have 
fans. Siggi describes an alarming 
situation : "I've once been mobbed 
when we were playing in Meadow-
lands, finishing off the Monsters of 
Rock. When going backstage into 
the press room I was surround by 
like ten screaming girls and they 
were tugging at my clothes and I 
was paralyzed. I just went stiff with 
fear." 

Einaradded, "I don't think John 
Lennon was very happy to meet 
Mark Chapman." Siggi countered, 
"These girls didn't have guns, but 
they were scary a \I the same." 

According to the band, even 
fan mail can be threatening. Siggi 
describes one bizarre incident. "We 
had a fan in Moose Lake Mental 
Institution here in Minnesota, and 
he sent us the skin of a cat. You 
could just picture him taking the 
skin off of his cat, and he sent it to 
us, and some candy and cigarettes 
... " Einar continued, " ... And a 
tape into which he breathed, 
'Bjork, Bjork, I love you.' We were 
five of us in the room when it was 
played and we a\l just fell silent. It 
was astonishing, quite spooky." 
Einar explains, "I found a name for 
our fan club, the Idiots. People tell 
us, 'Oh, we love your record!' How 
can you love a record ? You can 
love a person or an animal, but you 
can't love a record. So, when you 
go back to Iceland people don't 
care." 

The band emphasized the pri-
vacy they are allowed in Iceland, 
and how it is much appreciated. 

This is partly due to the fact that 
they are not exactly a colossal 
success in their homeland . "In 
Iceland, we sold 250 copies of the 
single 'Birthday,'" Einar confessed. 
Siggi lamented. "We've never 
really been popular in Iceland." 

About an hour inro the inter-
view, the lead singer, Bjotk- the 
child-woman, waif-like vocalist-
came tromping in from an amus-
ing open-air ride down Sunset in a 
jeep. Clad in black tights, metalliC 
mini-skirt, purple haltertop/bras-
siere and a fuzzy white sweater, she 
quickly became the center of at-
tention. She entertained herself 
by sucking the salt off of a handful 
of pretzels that she had grabbed 
from a basket, and then abandon-
ing the mushy, wet, saltless pretzel 
corpses on the table. Not exactly a 
charming display of etiquette, but 
she managed to pull it off grace-
fully. 

Although Bjork maintained a 
shy, demure, and coquettish de-
meanor, she responded to our 
questions with aquiet friendliness. 
She was especially eager to discuss 
her three-and-a-half year old son, 
whom she had just taken to 
Disneyland. She described in en-
thusiastic detail her experience 
with American pop culture -
buying her son Mickey Mouse ears. 
Although she seemed more of a 
recognizable "star" than the other 
members of the band, she was still 
personable and approachable. 

When asked about the new 
album, Here Today, Tomorrow 
Next Week, Bjork asserted that they 

~-------------------------------~ ! (Sugarcubes Music Quiz) ! 
I Want to win an aUfOIraphed com- I pact ditc of the Supn;ubes latest 1) What is the name of the company that the band fonned, and is I 
I reIeue, Here Today, TomorTOW still directing? I 
I Nut Wttk? Then clip out this 2) Who are the two vocalista? I 
I quiz and drop it off (with the an- 3) Who did the Suprcubes tour with last spring? I 
I swers) to the Guardian offices by 4) On what national television program were the Sugarcubes 
I WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18. featured? II 

5) Howald is Bjork's son? I BE SURE TO INCLUDE I 
I YOUR NAME, ADDRESS, NAME: I 
I AND CURRENT PHONE ADDRESS: I 
I NUMBER. PHONE': I L _______________________________ ~ 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

CALL TOUA Y FOI{ MOlm INFOI{MATJ ON 

454-2255 

THISJaeAY, OCT. 13 

UCSDNIGHT 

2 for 1 
Cover admission 

THIS fRIDAY, OCT. 13 

UCSDNIGHT 

2 for 1 
cover admission 

Dare to party .•. OHI" way 

\ 8 and over (6 \ 9)A70 '6AOO 

did not concentrate on creating a 
new sound, but rather, recorded 
whatever they felt like recording. 
The three claimed that they were 
under no pressure to hve up to any 
standard that had been set by their 
previous album. They were jusr 
doing what they wanted, and they 
ga ve us the distinct impression that 
they could care less whether or not 
the album was well received . 

Here Today, Tomorrow Next 
Week is definitely worth a listen, 
but not necessarily worth a pur-
chase. The album seems to be lack-
ing some of the power and energy 
that their previous album had. It 
seems to be more cynical than 
Life's Too Good, and the band's 
explanations of some of the songs 
on the new album confirm that. 
"Eat the Menu" was inspired by 
the food on tour. They figured it 
would be just as good to eat the 
menu as the food . 

Another example of the satiri-
cal edge to the new album can be 
heard in "Shoot Him," a song in-
spired by a tabloid headline in 
England that struck a chord with 
the band. Apparently, a man who 
was afraid of water died when he 
was put in a tub of water. The band 
thought it would have been more 
compassionate to shoot the man. 

Just another bizarre twist from 
the band who invented the word 
"quirky." But they can get away 
with it. After all, they are the 
Sugarcubes. 

Season 
Continued from page .. 

of people that the government 
slaughters in Benjamin's quest for 
justice. The plot suffers because of 
this. The movie seems disjointed: 
people get killed for unclear rea-
sons and half of the characters that 
we meet are dead within ten 
minutes.They are just bodies to be 
graphically shot for the pleasure of 
the viewing audience. 

The director also gives the 
impression of being desperate for 
big names to include on the bill-
ing, because the parts given to 
Susan Sarandon and Marlon 

Brando seem tacked on and pooriy 
written. Brando, cast in the part of 
a maverick lawyer fighting for jus· 
tice, delivers lines so flat andoutof 
place that the viewer feels uncom-
fortable watching Brando as an 
actor trying in vain to rescue his 
character from a morass of bad 
writing. In one scene when we 
first meet this man, Benjamin has 
just finished telling him of the 
death of the child and Brando 
responds by making dry jokes about 
justice in the apartheid system, 
which are totally inappropriate 
for the situation. 

Apartheid is a problem that 
needs to be dealt with, but Wein-
stein does not present the ~ue 
effectively. In order to make an 
aud ience feel strongl y about some-
thing, you need to give them 
something they can follow and 
believe in first, and in this Wein-
stein totally fails . If you want to 
see lots of blood and scar tissue, go 
see this movie, but if you want to 
see quality film-making, stay away. 

Pop 
Continued from page 6 

ones." 

While their studio work has, at 
times, left them sour, playing live 
is what pleases them the most. 
"For us, playing a gig is like having 
a night out," Mansell informs. 
"Having a night out entails having 
a good time which would include 
having a few drinks and dancing. 
We just all really get into it on 
stage. We haven't got a drummer 
because we use backing tapes with 
drums on them, so basically every-
body is free to run about and get 
into it. I think that entices people 
to gel into it with us. We're not 
really the type of band that stands 
there and just plays our songs." 

PWEI will make its San Diego 
stop just south of the border on 
Saturday night, at Iguanas in 
Tijuana. But the show is not rec-
ommended for those who blush 
easily. Mansell has no trouble 
admitting, "Basically. I come off 
stage at the end of the night and 
I'm naked ." 

~~r·M. 
E N 

L D 

U R 

A L 
Special Guest 

MRBQ 
OCTOBER 18 • 7:30PM 

. (213) 410 ·1062 (714) 634-1300 (619) 268 · 9686 
• '.t I ~. I . ~ vi.!' \,.. "Iij *"~' '0' '-1 04 tI!lI'\. r ~"{l ''',.1', ~)I 11,( 

7 HIATUS OCTOBER 12 1989 

-



UCSD UNIYlHITY IViNTS o"la p ........ 

erlcan 
ndian 

DANel I'H.AI'RE 
"Dance of elemental beauty and power that transunds 
the ""8e!" Washington Post 
October 19, Thursday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 
G.A. $12, Sr. Cit./UCSD Fac/ Staff, $10, St. $8 
UCSD Box OHice: TICKSf~64sna-=! 534·4559 - -

WOR.LD J MUSIC, SER.IES 

80 
DDY 
& KUKRUDU 

AFRICAN DRUM ENSEMBLE 

OCTOBER 27 FRIDAY 8:00 PM 
MANDEVlUE AUDITORIUM 

G.A. $12.00 STUDENTS $8.00 UCSD FACjSTAFF" 5R.CIT. $10.00 
• UCSD BOX OFFICE: 5344559 

PRESENTED BY UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS & STUDENT ACTIVInES 

A Day in the Life of 

ERICA 
SoViET 

ION 


