
• OPINION •.• 4 
• FEATURES ..•. 12 [a]~I:I(a]a I i til ill it t'J 

SPORTS .......... 32 
• CLASSIFIEDS ......... 31 
• BLOOM COUNTY .•...•.•• 2 

It's Time to Reexamine 
The Toxic Waste Problem 4 Grove Gallery Features "Portraits in the Time of AIDS" 12 

UNIVERSllY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1989 VOLUME 67, #1 0 

Springing Up ... Ogden Receives OK, 
Conducts Test Burn 

Brian Morrls/ Guardian 

By REBEKAH YOUNG 
Stall Writer 

Despite organized protests 
from environmental groups and 
UCSD students, Ogden Environ-
mental Services Inc. received final 
approval from the Air Pollution 
Control District (APCD) on 
March 23 to conduct a test burn 
of toxic waste. 

The actual burn took place on 
March 28 at the Ogden incinera-
tor near UCSD, and lasted for 
four days. 

According to RobertWilbourn, 
director of operations at Ogden, 
thirty 55-gallon drums of petroleum-
contaminated soil were trans-
ported to the incinerator from the 
McGoU landfill in Orange County 
to be qurned. Contained in the 
soil were roughly "20 to 50 pounds 
of toxic waste," Wilbourn said . 

Several parts of the Price Center have already begun operating, prior to its April17 grand opening. 

Wilbourn added that the emis-
sions from the waste were con-
trolled and monitored and that, 
during the test burn, the emis-
sions were "within the limits" set 
by the APCD's screening health 
risk assessment. 

The opening will be marked by a number of special celebrations and activities. 

Activists Protest UCSD 'Dog Lab' The risk assessment played a large role in the APCD's decision 
to approve the burn, according to 
agency officials. By LAURA PROCTOR 

Senior Staff Writer 

While most UCSD students 
were concentrating on either finals 
or a long-awaited spring break, 
animal rights activists were busy 
distributing flyers and holding 
two candlelight vigils to protest 
UCSD's "dog labs." 

The labs are part of a regularly 
offered optional elective in the 
UCSD School of Medicine's 
Emergency Medicine Symposia, 
which have been held since 1975. 
They were scheduled to take place 
on March 21 and 23 and are 
designed to help practicing physi-
cians learn emergency surgical 
procedures by operating on dogs 
bought from the County Animal 
Shelter. 

Members of animal rights 
groups claim that the labs are 
unnecessary and outdated, as well 
as inhumane. They say that the 
dog labs are an archaic practice 
because performing a procedure 
once on a dog does not teach a 
doctor to do it efficiently on a 
human being. 

Members of such groups main-
tain that the availability of ana-
tomically correct simulators has 
made practicing on dogs obso-
lete, and that the continuation of 
dog labs teaches doctors a disres-
pect for life. 

According to the course direc-
tor Dr. Thomas Ruben, the labs 
are necessary and cannot be re-
placed with "mannequins," or 
sif!lulators. He also pointed out 

that the program uses "abandoned 
dogs that are destined to die." 

Ruben, in a press conference, 
said that the protesters "are biased 
in a sense, they are not as informed 
as they should be." 

ing tools and, without regaining 
consciousness or feeling pain, are 
humanelyeuthanized . 

"We did a public health risk 
assessment using health-con-
servative assumptions ," said 
Richard Smith, deputy director 
of the county APCD. "That 
means we assumed that the Ogden 
plant would run for 70 years, 24 
hours-a-day, 365 days-a-year and 
that the people living near the 

Instead of simply being put to 
death at a shelter, he said, the 
dogs are bought by the Univer-
sity, anesthetized, used as learn-

He added that perhaps the 
activists should put their energies 
toward preventing the arrival of 
dogs at the shelters in the first 
place, either by promoting better 
pet care or working to increase 

See VIVISECTION, page 10 

UCSD To Work With Private Firm 
On Neuropsychiatric Hospital 
By ARTHUR ROOT 
Contributing Writer 

The University of California Board of Regents 
has approved the construction of an 80-bed neu-
ropsychiatric hospital on the UCSD campus, to be 
built in conjunction with Charter-Medical Califor-
nia,lnc. 

"The plan was approved by the Regents'commit-
tees on education and finance on March 16, then 
approved by the full board on March 17," UCSD 
spokesperson Leslie Franz said . 

The facility will represent a major addition to 
UCSD's neuropsychiatric research program, ac-
cording to a source who feels UCSD's current pro-
gram has been hampered in its research efforts 
because of inadequacies in the present facilities. 

These facilities, primarily the UCSD Medical 
Center in Hillcrest, have 17 beds for use in this area, 
and lack the much needed state-of-the-art equip-
ment for intensive research, according to a source 
connected with the campus planning office. 

The hospital will be a cooperative venture be-
tween the Regents and Charter-Medical California, 
Inc., a subsidiary of Charter-Medical corporation 
of Macon, Georgia. 

The company has more than 140 teaching affilia-
tions with major universities in the U.S. and 
Europe, including one with Stanford University, 

The Regents approved a 40-year lease of four 
university-owned acres to Charter. Details of the 
lease agreement are still pending negotiation, 
according to Franz. 

According to UCSD sources who requested 
anonymity, concern about Charter's financial con-
dition prompted discussion of the issue during 
closed sessions of the Regents' committees, and 
resulted in the 4O-year lease requirement. 

The site of the planned hospital is located east of 
Interstate 5, adjacent to the property for the pro-
posed Satellite Medical Facility and the recently 
approved Shiley Eye Center. Charter will finance 
the construction, landscaping and furnishing of the 
three-story hospital at an estimated cost of S II 
million. 

The University, according to the agreement 
between the Regents and Charter, will build an 
adjoining Neuropsychiatric Research Building to 
house programs of the UCSD department of psy-
chiatry. This two-story building will include space 
for teaching activities, clinical and basic re careh, 

See HOSPITAL, pale J 

plant would be born in the area 
and never leave it. We also 
assumed that those same people 
would be exposed to the maxi-
mum concentration of emissions 
from the combustor." 

Even with these assumptions, 
Smith added, only 3.6 additional 
incidents of cancer in a popula-
tion of a million people would be 
caused by the project. According 
to APCD risk assessment guide-
lines, the acceptable criterion is 10 
ac;lditional incidents of cancer in a 
population of a million, "provided 
the best available emission con-
trol technology is used," Smith 
said. 

Diane Takvorian , executive 
director of the Environmental 
Health Coalition, a group oppos-
ing the burning and the APCD 
approval , claimed that the risk 
assessment conducted by the 
APCD was not "health protect-
ive." 

"Four additional cancer inci-
dents is an acceptable risk to the 
APCD. That's just not approp-
riate. The figure should be one in 
a million or less," Takvorian said. 

"Our risk assessment was done 
using a worst-case scenario," Smith 
said. "Using average condition 
to do the assessment, the rate of 

See OGDEN, page 3 

Regents Want 
Spending 
Modified 

The University of California 
Board of Regents voted on March 
17 to support efforts to modify 
state spending limitations which, 
if unaltered, will prevent the state 
from adequately funding the UC 
system. 

At the San Francisco meeting, 
the Board adopted a resolution 
passed by the Regents' Commit-
tee the previous day. 

The resolution recommended 
that the Board "endorse, in prin-
ciple, modifications in constitu-
tionallimitations on overall state 
spending and on the allocation of 
state funds that will secure for the 
Governor and the Legislature the 
capacity to fund the UC to meet 
its long-range planning goals, to 
maintain the distinction of its 
programs, and to continue pro-
viding access to qualified stu-
dents. " 

Thursday's action came after 
William B. Baker, UC vice presi-
dent for budget and university 
relations, told the Regents' com-
mittee that, even in the best of 
times, the UC likely will be unable 
to maintain its current level of dis-
tinction and still admit all eligible 
students unless changes are made 

See UC BUDGET, pale J 



---------- SHORTS - - -------- --- --- -
- --~---

-- -- - - - -

---------- - -- ------- ----- -

I~ UC NEWS 
VCR Fraternity Members Provide nay 
in the Snow for Handicapped Children 

RIVERSIDE - Members of UC Riverside's Inter-
Fraternity Council spent a day in the snow with hand-
icapped elementary school students and their teachers 
last month. 

Fraternity members drove up to Big Bear Moun-
tain, collected snow, and returned to a Riverside 
school to spread the snow for the students. 

Each fraternity member was paired with a student 
to share the day. Fraternity member carried the 
everely handicapped children, helping them feel the 

icy snow as well as feeding them snow cones. Many of 
the students had never seen snow before. 

To provide the complete atmosphere, one of the 
rooms at the school became a "ski lodge" where child-
ren enjoyed singing songs, drinking hot cocoa and 
munching on popcorn. 

Both groups enjoyed the activity and expect many 
more to come in the future. 

- Eileen H. Kim, Highlander 

UC Students Receive Increase in 
Financial Aid Funds in 1987-88 

University of California students received a total of 
$297 million in financial aid in 1987-88, an increase of 
three percent over the previous year, according to a 
report prepared by the Office of the Pre ident for the 
UC Board of Regents. 

The annual report on the status of student financial 
aid was presented at the meeting of the Board Thurs-
day, March 16, at UC San Francisco-Laurel Heights. 

Financial aid funds were distributed through loans, 
grants, scholarships and fellowships , and work- tudy 
to 65,253 students, or 43 percent of the University 
student body, last year. Approximately five of every 
eight graduate students and two of every five under-
graduates received aid. 

The three percent increase continues a moderate 
upward trend in the amount of fi nancial aid over the 
past few years. Total aid awarded to UC students has 
increased in all but one of the past 10 years and is 130 
percent higher than in 1978-79. 

However, when these figure are adjusted for both 
inflation and enrollment changes , the 130 percent 
increa e is reduced to a nine percent per capita 
increase in constant dollars. Since nearly all of the 
additional financial aid fund were used for inflation-
ary co ts and for supporting more students, the 

amount of financial aid available for each student has 
actually declined in constant dol1ars over the past two 
years, the report said . 

A study of the aid given to needy undergraduate 
students since 1980 revealed that student expenses 
have risen by $1,102 in constant 1980-81 dollars, but 
need-based financial aid has only grown by $188 per 
needy student. 

SPOTLIGHT 
UCSD Chemistry/Biology Professor 
Receives Prestigious A ward 

Russell Doolittle, Ph.D., professor of chemistry 
and biology at UCSD, was one of three scientists to 
receive the 1989 Paul Ehrlich and Ludwig Darm taed-
ter Award, March 14 in Frankfurt, Germany. Doolit-
tle, Dr. Thoma Graf of the European Molecular 
Biology Laboratory (EMBL) and Dr. tuart A. Aar-
onson of the ational Institute of Health each 
received a medal and hared the prize of 90,000 Ger-
man marks (approximately $45,000 in U.S. doUars). 

The award is given annually in honor of the Ger-
man medical researcher and Nobel Laureate Paul 
Ehrlich, who is known for his work on "magic 
bullets ," drug that selectively attack infectious organ-
i ms, without harming the host organism. 

Doolittle, Graf and Aaronson were also honored at 
a state dinner March 13 spon ored by the prime min-
ister of Hessen. 

At the March 14 award ceremony, attended by 
President Richard von Weizsacker and many of the 
country's most eminent biomedical scientists, each of 
the three prize-winners presented short reports of their 
work. Doolittle discussed hi research on the evolu-
tionary relationships of proteins and his work in 
establishing a data bank of protein sequences that has 
been used by scientists around the world . 

UCSDINFO 
Problems Facing Medical Residents and 
Interns to be Addressed at UCSD 

Medical tudents in the American Medical Students 
Association (AMSA) at UCSD are hosting a confer-
ence entitled "Medical Residency!I ntern hip Work 
Hours: Is Legislative Regulation the Answer?" It will 

by Berke Breathed 
............ _ ... 

be held on April 7 in Garren Auditorium at the 
UCSD Medical School campus from 5 to 6:30 p.m. 
The conference will be moderated by the Dean of the 
Medical School, Dr. Gerard Burrow, M .D. and will 
be open to all students and faculty on the UCSD 
campus and the general pUblic. Refreshments will be 
provided. 

The purpose of the conference is to explore prob-
lems and solutions to the current situation which calls 
on medical residents and interns to work a large 
number of hours. 

Volunteer Connection Offen 
Involvement Opportunities 

The Volunteer Connection at UCSD acts as a li-
aison between UCSD staff and students and the San 
Diego non-profit community. 

Special O(ympics 
UCSD is joining with SDSU and USD to sponsor 

thi year's Special Olympics County Track and Field 
meet at San Diego High School on April 15. Over 300 
volunteers are needed to judge com petitions, 
announce tournaments, organize lunches, and buddy 
with athletes. Buddies will pair up with athletes for all 
of the day's activities, making ure they get to the 
competition on time, pinning on their award-winning 
ribbons. Those interested in judging mu t attend a 
training workshop to be announced in April. 

Science and Engineering Library 
Pilots New Check-Out System 

Last Friday, a new computerized check-out system 
was tested at the Science and Engineering Library, 
when Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs Harold 
Ticho official1y checked out the first book using the 
system. 

The system, called the INNOPAC Circulation 
Module, is set to be in all campus libraries soon, 
according to Science and Engineering Library Direc-
tor Karen Feeney. 

"We wanted to go ahead and try the system and see 
what we could learn about it ... before we bring it up 
for the whole campus, ome time over the summer 
most likely," she said. 

The system checks out books by scanning campus 
ID cards. Students' information has already been 
entered into the system. They only need to fill out 
forms stating whether they wish to make their identity 
available to others who might be seeking materials 
they have checked out, Feeney said. 

Facultyand taff, however, must also fill out regis-
tration forms, which are available at the Science a nd 
Engineering Library and Central Library, Feeney 
noted . 

Most of the material at the Science and Engineer-
ing Library has been entered into the system. But 
some material , uch as journals, will still have to be 
checked out for a while u ing the old card method, 
Feeney concluded . 

-by Randy Dotinga 

Friends of vcsn Library Sponsors 
Final Event in Series on Wednesday 

Bill Kelly, owner of Brighton Press in San Diego, 
and artist / bookmaker James Renner, will discuss 
"The Original Print: Its Role in Bookmaking" as the 
final event in "The Book as Art" series sponsored by 
the Friends of the UCSD Library. 

The event will be held on Wednesday, April 5 at 
7:30 p.m. in the Mandeville Center Recital Hall. The 
program is free to UCSD alumni and members of the 
Friends of the Library, with a charge of $3 to all 
others. 

Kelly and Renner will discuss the vital role that 
artists play in the planning and development of a fine 
press book when the emphasis is placed equally on art 
and text. 

Brighton Press is one of only about a dozen small 
presses in the country which makes both artists' prints 
and handmade books. 

Fint of Judaic Studies 
Shiloh Lecture Series Tonight 

Archaeology and the ancient Near East will be the 
topic of a series of four lectures honoring the memory 
of internationally renowned archaeologist Yigal 
Shiloh, who was a frequent visiting faculty member of 
the Judaic Studies Progra~ at UCSD. 

Shiloh, who died in 1987 at age SO, is best known 
for directing the excavations of the City of David in 
Jerusalem. 

The free lecture series honoring Shiloh begins April 
3 with "The Rediscovery of Ancient Near Eastern 
Music," by Dr. Anne Draffkorn Kilmer, at 8 p.m. in 
the UCSD School of Medicine's Liebow Auditorium. 

Kilmer is Professor of Assyriology at UC Berkeley 
and curator of Mesopotamian epigraphy (ancient 
inscriptions) at the Lowie Museum in Berkeley. 

-compiled by Leesa K, U .... 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 

OGDEN: APeD Grants Approval/or Test; 
Toxic Waste Burn Was 'Within the Limits' 
Continued from pace I 
additional cancer incidents would 
be .5 in a million," he added. 

The burn took place despite the 
Environmental Health Coalition's 
successful request to the APCD 
hearing board for an appeal of the 
APCD decision. 

"It's state law that an appeal of 
an APCD decision has to be 
heard and resolved within 30 days 
after it's filed, but the burn could 
still be done whether or not the 
issue has been settled,"Takvorian 
said . 

In order to stop the burn, the 
Coalition would have had to ob-
tain a court restraining order, said 
Takvorian. "We just didn't have 
the time or money for that. 

"Ogden should've waited out the 
30-day period . It wouldn't have 
been a long delay, but they went 
ahead and did the burn anyway," 
she said . 

Final approval forthe test burn 
was granted after a 15-day public 
input period which ended March 
9. During the period, the APCD 
met privately with the Environ-
mental Health Coalition and 
received about 75 letters from the 
public, according to APCD spokes-
person Rich Summerville. 

He added that the letters con-
tained "good questions," but no 
compelling scientific evidence that 
would cause the APCD to deny 
Ogden its test burn permit. 

"If there had been anything in 
the letters that would've caused us 
to consider revising our decision, 
we would have done it," Sum-
merville said. 

The San Diego City Council is 
also opposing the toxic waste 
burning at Ogden. A lawsuit has 
been filed by the City challenging 
Ogden's right to conduct any 
waste burns at its current location. 

According to John Witt of the 
City Attorney's office, the City 
Council, in filing the lawsuit , is 
attempting to assert the views of 
those members of the public who 
are opposed to the test burn. 

"The main point of opposition 
is that the property shouldn't be 
used to burn toxic waste because 
it's so close to homes, hospitals, 
and schools," Witt said . 

But, according to Smith, "The 
maximum concentration of the 
emissions is on an uninhabitable 
hillside . We used very sophisti-
cated computer modeling that 

took into account wind speed, 
wind direction, the topography of 
the area, the height of the stack 
[from which the emissions are 
released], and the temperature of 
the exhaust coming out of the 
stack, among other things , to 
determine where the highest con-
centration would be." 

When the risk assessment was 
done, the APCD assumed that 
the 200,000 people living within 
three miles of the plant would be 
exposed to the maximum concen-
tration of the emissions,_ even 

though no one could be exposed 
to a maximum level emission 
because no one lives on the hill-

. side," Smith added. 
Wilbourn said that Ogden is 

"pleased that the APCD reached 
the decision it did ," and claimed 
that the first test burn was a suc-
cess with emissions that were 
"kept down to standard ." 

The results of the test burn will 
be analyzed by the Environmen-
tal Protection Agency to decide if 
Ogden will be awarded the con-

UC BUDGET---
Continued from page 1 
in the Gann spending limit. The 
limit is an initiative that controls 
and limits allocation of funds to 
state-funded agencies. 

Baker said that even under the 
most favorable economic times 
for the state, the UC could expect 
no more than a seven percent 
annual budget increase under the 
combined effects of the Gann 
limit and Proposition 98, which 
guarantees funding for public 
schools and community colleges. 

"If the spending limit and Pro-

position 98 remain in effect, it 
may become difficult just to hold 
the line," Baker said. "We could 
certainly not grow to curre ntly 
projected enrollment levels at the 
existing camp uses, much less 
consider developing new ones." 

The UC is expecting an addi-
tional 63,000 qualified students 
beyond the present 161 ,000 by the 
year 2005. That rate of growth is 
projected to require the expan-
sion of the UC system from nine 
to possibly 12 campuses. 

HOSPIT AL: Venture Approved 
A budget increase of nine per-

cent per year will be needed to 
meet the demand, Baker said, 
adding that the state Commission 
on Finance e timates that tate 
revenues will grow sufficiently to 
support the UC's needs. 

Continued from page 1 
and outpatient care. 

The staff, provided by the 
University, will include a chief 
psychiatrist, a medical director, 
psychiatry residents and fellows , 
and various other program dir-
ectors . 

Charter, under the agreement, 
will provide the daily operating 
management and administration, 
as well as fund the administrative 
staff necessary for the operation 

and governance of the hospital. 
In addition, Charter will provide 
the nursing and technical staffs. 

In addition to primary care for 
pre-adolescent, adolescent, adult 
and geriatric patients, the new 
hospital will also provide special-

. ized care for patients with com-
plex psychiatric problems. 

The hospital will be equipped 
with state-of-the-a rt technology 
and laboratories for the devel-
opment of new approaches to 

diagnosing and treating mental 
illness. 

Currently, UCSD's psychiatry 
department receives approximate-
ly $6 million in research funding . 
Franz said that the project will 
hopefully attract more research 
funds for the department. 

Groundbreaking for the UCS D 
venture will commence sometime 
in 1990 with completion of the 
hospital scheduled for the spring 
of 1991 , according to Franz. 

The present pending limit 
formula, however, does not rec-
ognize growth in the state's econ-
omy and places a cap estimated at 
seven percent per year on the 
growth of the state budget regard-
less of revenues, Baker said. 

Under bad economic times, he 
said, the effect is even worse be-
cause of Proposition 98, which 

See BUDGET, page 27 

Monday, April3. 1989 3 

tract to clean up the McColl site, 
Wilbourn said . 

"If we get the contract , a porta-
ble [waste burning] unit will be 
transported to the McColl site. 
The waste won't be coming down 
here. " 

He added that no new test burn 
is planned , and that before 
another burn can be done, Ogden 
must again receive APCD's ap- · 
proval. 

" Before each test, we have to 
submit the chemical composition 
of the waste to the APCD. 
Because the chemical content will 
be different each time. we need to 
submit a new list and get a new 
approval with each proposed 
burn," Wilbourn said . 

LARGE 
SELECTION 

of DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

a EQUIPMENT 
featuring most major 

brand cameras and lens 

80B 
DAVIS 
CAMERA SHO~ INC. 

Serving UCSD 
from La Jolla 
UCSD Purchase orders 

accepted 

7720 FAY AVENUE 

459-7355 

A Student Loan Company 
As Unique As You Are. 

\Xl:th a name like EducniJ there's 
only one thing we can do- spec ialize 
II) student loans. This makes EJucald 
unique among student lenJer, . 
We've made a bu iness o( ;ervictog 
stuJents' sped,11 needs. It's nil we 
do. That's why wc're the best. AnJ 
that's why you can depend lln u, tor 
that special, personal touch when 
you need it. 

Educald knoWI you can't walt 
for your money. You neeJ it llilli:. 
From tht: moment we recdvc your 
loan .Irpl ica tion, we' re (ighting the 
clock ((l get you your 1ll1ll1ey ~ 
Educald can save you money, 
too. Yo u don 't pay tntercM O il 
intere,t while you're clll1 ti nu,llIy 
enn. lleJ to ,ch,.,1. EducflId CoIP I -
uk", the in terest (,KiLl- it (ll the 
principal) on your LS only 011"'-
ill gradu.ltinn , 

Sec your Financia l Aid ((ice. If Yllu're 
e ligible for a [,,(ford Loan (G L) or an 

L . ask (or Educalt! . O r give us a cal l: 

~~~. 
acramen to: (916) 446· 1626 

Toll Free In A: (800) 443· 7667 
u(side CA: (800) 642·9955 

1301 C Street. ulte lOO· A 
Sacramento, CA 958 16 



4 Mondal'. AI'"I J. 1989 

OP!~~~~O~~ ______ __ 
-----------------------------------

UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 
JOHN SHAW, Editor in Chief 
LARA MIHATA, Managing Editor 
SETH SLATER, News Editor 
DAVlD B RKHART, Opinion Editor 

T he Guardion IS pubh hed t"ICC ""eeLI) at the Unl\er!!.lt) of CahfornHl. San Diego 
Contents 4:1 1989. Vie~~ ('xpressed herem arc nOI nece,~anl) Iho~c oj t he UC Board of 

Regenh. Ihe ASl'CSD nor the enure Guordian siafr. 

Toxic Waste Controversies 
The test burn a t the Ogden Environmental Services, lnc. plant 

took place last week, but Ogden is still surrounded by 
controve rsy. 

Protesters cla im that the plant will cause significant levels of 
pollution, and dismiss studies to the contrary as ~u~erficia~ . It 
si mply isn't clear in the midst of all these conflIcting claIms 
whether or not Ogden is a danger. But if there remain signifi-
cant doubt about Ogden's safety, it is better to err on the side of 
safe ty. 

T he data from the test burn needs to be carefully analyzed by a 
variety o f agencies and independent groups. Hopefully, Ogden's 
claims are true, and scientists really have found a way to d ispose 
of some of the toxic waste which is piling up in the Environmen-
tal Protection Agency (EPA) Superfund site and dumps 
around the country. 

Until we're sure, we need to keep a close eye on Ogden, and 
attempt to make the need for such plants disappear by minimiz-
ing the amount of toxic waste which is created by industry. The 
best way to do this is a fixed charge per unit of waste produced. 
C urrently, the EP A , or local laws, sets a certain level of pollution 
as acceptable. If the firm is right below that, it is all right. If it is 
right above it, it has committed a crime. 

This is the wrong approach . A far better way would be to 
determine an appro priate charge - based on environmental 
impact and clean-up cost s - for each unit of effluent ~is­
cha rged . T his wo uld cause fi rms to find a le vel of productIOn 
which maximized society's benefit , balancing the good effects of 
their product wi th t he bad effects of their waste byproduct. 

The m ain reason this is not currently done is that the current 
system is better for large fir m s, who ca n a fford t he equipmen~ to 
get right below the legal limit (or a fford the m ethod of evading 
the law). Small firm s a re disproportionately penalized . . . 

As it i n ow, la rge firms a re producing tremendous quantitle 
of waste, and the Ogden co ntroversy demonstrates that tech~ol­
ogy is not keeping pace with the waste production. Our socIety 
simply doesn't know what to do with its waste, and the govern-
ment is ineffect ive in stemming the tide. 

King's Words Remembered 
On April 4, 1968, Martin Luther King, Jr. was murder.ed . 

Amidst the controve rsy over naming streets and conventIOn 
centers af ter him , and the continued dissection of his character, 
it's sometimes easy to forget what his work reall y meant. Here 
a re some of his words: 

1 refuse to accept the idea that the "isness" of. man S present 
nature makes him morally incapable of reachmg up for the 
"oughrness" thaT fo rever confronts him. 

- From Why We Can't Wait 
1 j ust want to do God s will. And he s allowed me to ~o to the 

m ountain. And I've looked over, and I've seen the proml~ed la~d 
... so I'm happy tonight . I'm not worried about anythmg. 1 m 
not f earing any man. . 

- From a speech at Birmingham, Alabama, April 3, 1968 

FEIFFER® 

Stories Inaccurate. 
Editor: 

I would like to correct the misquotations which 
appeared in Ms. Rebekah Young's articles (Guar-
dian , March 9) concerning Ogden Environmental 
Services, Inc. 

In regards to the emissions from the Circulating 
Bed Combustor (CBC), previous tests have dem-
onstrated that the CBC can safely destroy a large 
range of ha zardous substances. PCBs were menti-
oned in the article as being a component of the feed 
for the upcoming McColl demonstration test. 
Although this is incorrect (neither PCB nor dioxin 
are present in the McColl soil), I would like to 
illustrate my point regarding emissions by using 
actual data from a test previously conducted for 
the EPA on soil contaminated with PCB. 

The original PCB concentration in the soil was 
10,000 parts per million (ppm). After treatment in 
the CBC, the soil contained less than .003 ppm and 
the stack gas contained less than .09 ug/ m3 . This 
represenls a greater than 99.99999 percentdestruc-
tion and is significantly below any regulatory 
health standards. In fact, the Health and Envir-
onmental Impact Assessment that was conducted 
for the California Department of Health Services 
(DHS) during the research facility's permitting 
process concluded that even if this emission level 
was released for 70 years continuously, there would 
be no significant risk associated with it. 

As mentioned by Ms. Young, the permits con-
tain very specific limits a to the concentrations of 
certain substances, such as 1,000 ppm total metals. 
What Ms. Young neglected to clarify was that this 
is the feed concentration, not the emission con-

EI)rrou. 
I~ 
.\. 

Hox 

Terribly Entertaining 
ByJOHN SHAW 
Editor in Chief 

I find television terribly entertaining - par-
ticularly after I manage to turn the set off and my 
brain back on. 

Television is a much maligned beast. So many 
seem to gripe, yet so many seem unable or unwil-
ling to turn away from its hypnotic glow. Televi-
sion may indeed influence the way we think and 
the way we behave, as some claim it does. And it 
may be true that the video tube has made us 
more stupid than we should be (how else can a 
President Bush and a Vice President Quayle be 
expla ined?). And it may also be true that the 
world and all of its people are doomed and 
television is to blame for all of society'S ills. But 
despite all of these things (or perhaps because of 
them), I find television a bittersweet joy to 
behold . 

cent ration. Metals are inorganic and cannot be 
destroyed by thermal treatment, however, the 
CBC's low operating temperature and high effi-
ciency filtration system prevents any harmful levels 
of metals from being released in the exhaust gas. 
Again, the risk assessments conducted during the 
permitting process and for this specific demon~tra­
tion test confirm that the metal concentrations 
allowed in the feed will not present a health risk. 

In regards to Mr. Gorham's statement that 770 
times the permitted amount oftoluene was released 
during the 1984 test conducted for the California 
Air Resources Board (CARB), it has been repeat-
edly determined and agreed upon by the California 
DHS, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
(EPA), CARB and the San Diego Air Pollutio.n 
Control District (APCD) that this statement IS 
simply incorrect and is not based on any scientific 
evidence. According to the DHS in their 1988 
Response to Public Comment, Mr. Gorham'S 770 
times the permitted amount of toluene st~tement is 
"not technically valid," There were no Illegal or 
harmful emissions released during that 24 hour 
test. 

The point that Ms. Young attempted to make in 
one of her misquotes was that the purpose of the 
1984 CARB test was to identify the operating lim-
its of the technology. Therefore, the system was 
intentionally operated in nonoptimum conditions 
for a short period of time while the stack was 
continuously monitored. Even under these ex-
treme conditions, the stack monitoring verified 
that the CBC could still effectively and safely des-
troy hazardous chemicals. 

Ms. Young also misquoted me in her second 
article as saying that an Environmental Impact 

See INACCURATE, pale 8 

The other night , I witnessed the realization of 
a horrific prophecy. The film Network was 
being broadcast right into my living room free of 
charge or obligation. Having never seen the 
movie in its entirety, I settled back into the 
lumpy cushions to do so. So as not to offend me, 
the gracious Fox broadcasting network per-
suaded all of the actors in the film to refrain from 
swearing. It was apparent upon closer observa-
tion however, that the clever Fox had managed 
to perfect an ingenious process that allowed the 
actors to mouth indecent words, yet utter per-
fectly decent ones in their place. This technologi-
cal feat alone kept me mesmerized and tho-
roughly entertained for quite some time. 

For those unfamiliar with the film or the Fox, 
the Fox is what the film is about - even though 
it's not. The film is about UBS, the fourth televi-
sion network. It is the ugly duckling of the air-
waves (complete with dismal ratings and a des-
perate need for attention). 

A gigantic multi-national corporation acquires 
the network and things change quickly. The 
news anchor has a nervous breakdown on the air 
and the ratings skyrocket. Instead of relieving 
him of his duties, the network expands the news 
program to a full hour to accommodate the 
ravings of the "mad prophet of the airwaves." 
Also included in the all-new "news" hour are 
c1airvoyanls and other oddities. Not surpris-
ingly, the program becomes a tremendous 
success. 

See TELEVISION, pale 6 

What You 11 Find in Opinion 
The Guardian Opinion section 

is one of the most influential in 
the country, and it is faithfully 
read by the country's most impor-
tant readers. 
Well, okay, April Fool's. Actu-
ally, the goal of this section is to 
serve as a forum for the exchange 
of ideas and viewpoints. This is an 
important function at a univer-
sity. Or, on another level, this sec-
tion is a good place to see people 
go for each other's throats. 

Here's what you can expect to 
find in this section: 
Letters - These are the real meat 
of the section. This i where you, 
the reader, can ex.press yourself 
on almost any i sue. 
Commentaries - imilar to let-
ter, but normally longer and 
more analytical, commentaries are 

usually based on personal expe-
riences. 
Editorials - The Guardian s 
"voice." The editorial position is 
decided by the editorial board, 
whose names are listed in a box 
above the unsigned editorials. 
Editorials run on Mondays, on 
the left side of the main Opinion 
page. 
Edltor-in-a-Box - Also runs on 
Mondays. This feature rotates 
among Guardian editors and gives 
them an opportunity to write a 
column of a more personal nature. 
Oz - The Guardian' own car-
toonist. Oz is a graduate student 
at UCSD. Hi politically-oriented 
cartoons run on Thursdays, 
Q & A - An informal poll of 
UCSD students, with their pic-
ture and a hort answer to a 

See OPINION, pale 8 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION M onday. April3. 1989 5 

Commentary 

Ethnic Awareness Is Not Racism 
Editor's note: This column ;s a 

response 10 the March 2 Guardian 
commentary by Fredric Hamber. 

By CECIL LYTLE 

It is difficult to know where to begin. 
While reading your article, "Disguised 
Racism," I initially recoiled at your 
comparing Mr. Alex Wong to a "latter-
day Hans Gunther (the Nazi theoreti-
cian who devised criteria for racial clas-
sification)." Anyone who knows or has 
worked with Alex Wong knows that 
such an inference is not only wrong, but 
hideously distasteful. I also thought to 
begin this leltt:r by assailing your con-
stant reference to any discussion of cul-
tural diversity as behavior more akin to 
the despotic societies of Nazi Germany 
or apartheid South Africa. By the time I 
completed reading your thoughts, I was 
convinced that I should take a more 
proprietary tone and defend Third Col-
lege and the ethnic studies initiative that 
is now under way. 

Although I had difficulty deciding 
which individual heresy to attack. first, I 
did decide, almost immediately, that.a 
response was necessary. A response IS 
necessary because I suspect t.hat much 
of the attitude and general Ignoran~e 
that clearly underpins your alarm IS 
shared by a growing number of young 
(and some old) . peo~le. Although ~ou 
assiduously aVOid usmg the expresSIOn 
"reverse discrimination," the argume.nt 
presented sounds as if it could eaSily 
have been penned by Bradfo!d Rey-
nolds. It is also clear that you, lIke most 
young people, are severely idealistic, and 
are often deeply troubled when pre" 

sented with what you perceive to be an 
injustice or reverse injustice. 

I was also moved by your representa-
tion of the experiences of your col-
league, Lara Mihata, who expressed 
her frustration at being " ... perceived as 
Japanese or Chinese or Taiwanese when 
she is, in fact, a fifth-generation Ameri-
can .. . . "There are personal reasons 
that help me to be truly sympathetic to 
her individual circumstance. However, 
neither she nor I, nor people we look 
like, can e cape the visual perception of 
others as they attempt to categorize us. 
However, to recognize her own, or my 
own, frustration is not enough. 

It is a regrettable and historical fact 
that perception by others of someone's 
racial difference from the mainstream 
has been the sole grounds for discrimi-
nation. Therefore, regardless of whether 
or not your friend and I wish to partici-
pate, we (and people who look like us) 
are the traditional victims of the per-
sonal and institutional racism that has 
marked American society. 

Indeed, it is precisely the issue of per-
ception - your perception - that I 
wish to respond to. My Webster's Dic-
tionary tells me that perception has to . 
do with insight and discerning the true 
nature of a situation. In other words, 
getting beyond the immediate or solely 
personal understanding of an issue. 

For instance, you mentioned how 
unnerved you were at being handed a 
list of ethnic choices and told to check a 
box. I have difficulty seeing how that 
constitutes disguised racism. However, 
extend your sensibilities for a moment 
to consider the true nature for the cir-

See ETHNIC, page 6 

April 3,4: 7:45 a.m.-8 p.m. 
April 5,6: 7:45 a.m.-7 p.m. 
April 7: 7:45 a.m.-6 p.m. 

Telephone numbers 
Customer Service 534-3770 
Textbooks 534-4557 
Book Information 534-3149 
Supplies 534-3786 
Computer Center 534-4291 
Film, Gifts and Clothing 534-4248 

Regular 
hours 

resume 
AprilS 

Store hours: University Bookstore 
DJJO:::SS5II~ ) Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-5:15 p.m. Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Closed Sundays and Holidays 

Drug Prohibition 
Does Not Work 
Editor: 

An article in the U. ("Econ 101 : GNP 
or VCR?"by Joel Guggenheim, March 6) 
mentioned a study that showed most stu-
dents lack understanding of basic eco-
nomic principles. Unfortunately, the 
problem is far more widespread and far 
more dangerous in its implications than 
the article suggests. 

Our federal government's War On 
Drugs is a perfect example of economic 
illiteracy. In a capitalist economy like our 
own, the supply of a product or service is 
simply a reflection of the demand for that 
product or service. If there is no demand, 
the supply will stop. And yet our elected 
representatives are pouring our money 
into an effort to stop drugs from being 
produced and imported . This does abso-
lutely nothing to curb the demand, so it is 
doomed to fail from the start. 

"Our federal govern-
ment's War On Drugs 
is a perfect example of 
economic illiteracy_ " 

A rational approach would be to edu-
cate the public of the dangers of using 
drugs; the decline in the use of tobacco is 
the result of education, not Draconian 
enforcement. Why the government hasn't 
tried a similar, concerted approach with 
other, far more dangerous drugs is a mys-
tery to me. 

A related fallacy that the government 
believes is that if they make something 
illegal, it will go away. This was proven 
false during Prohibition, and it is just as 
untrue today. If a product or service is 
made illegal in the United States, the 

"Jolt Guy" 
Responds 
Editor: 

In response to the letter about me 
from Andrew Carroll (Guardian, 
March 13), I appreciate his concern, 
but I feel he misunderstands what 
the situation means to me. 

I am what I am because of my 
strife with others. A true headbanger 
(this applies to punkers and skin-
heads also) is made from a reject. If 
everybody in my past had treated 
me as a human , I would be j ust 
another jock-clone. 

A headbanger is someone who, 
after being treated like crud by the 
"in" crowd, takes on an attitude that 
he / she should set his / her own 
standards, and that the "in" crowd 
has been corrupted by their power 
to accept or reject. 

Total acceptance by the "i n" 
crowd will cause a headbanger to 
"go pop." A headbanger thrives on 
adversity. Similar to Nietzsche's 
Overman, we achieve fulfillment by 
transcending society. We cannot do 
this if we feel fulfilled by society. 

I like fame , but I need adversity. 
The Jolt Guy 

black market simply fills the void . The 
government must seriously underestimate 
both the diversity and the extent of the 
underground markets. 

This country was founded with a 
democratic government and a capitalistic 
economy. The economy has proven itself 
to be far more powerful than the govern-
ment. Instead of channeling this power 
for its own purposes, our government 
chooses to fight it. It will not win. 

Steve Boswell 

• .. BACK-TO-SCHOOL BASH 
Drinks all night! 

(single shot drinks-house call 
or premium and domestic draft) 

TONIGHT, APRIL 3rd 
((Sexy Legs Contest" 

Cash Prizes! (every Monday) 
DJ • DANCING BEGIN AT 8 

(Mu , "" ,, ) 

••••••••••••••••••••• 

: FREE I 
HUNGRY HOUR BUFFET • 

• (with th is coupon) = 
• Monday-friday 4-8 pm • 
••••••••••••••••••••• 

TORREY'S - A SAN DIEGO NIGHTCLUB 
LOCATED IN THE LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 

4240 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE 
LA JOLLA. CA 92037 

(619)587-1414 EXT. 6220 



6 Monday. April 3. /989 

r------------------, 
II 25.~. OFF Any small. II medium or large 
I frozen yogurt I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I VOId will any OIlIer *r. I 
I ToppIngI noIlncludM Explr •• 4/9/ 89 I One coupon 10 a 
I ~ 10 JoHo'V.lI09t! O. I UTe 
1 m I Hours: 11-10:30 Mon.-Thurs. I 11-11 Fri. & Sot. 10 I 
I 12-10:30 Sun. Jollo I Y~~RI' 
I 7770 Regents Rd. Suite 10a 0 I (in Vons Shopping Center) ' ··bo . L __________________ ~ 

TWENTY-$ XTH YEAR 
Unlvenlty of San Diego 

Guadalajara Summer Session 
June 3O-August 4, 1989 

Course fully accredited by the Western Association of Schools 
and Colleges (W ASC). Spanish language at all levels. Bi-lingual 
and Special Education including ESL and Reading Education. 

Art. Folk Dance, Literature, Folklore, History, Sociology, 
Guitar, Political Science. Psychology, Cross-Cultural Studies. 

Tuition: $550 for 1-8 undergraduate units. $590 for 1-8 graduate 
units. Room and board with a Mexican Host Family: S550. 

Apartment and Hotel rates from $300-$600 per month. 
University of San Diego also has an M.A. program in Spanish. 
Students may earn credits toward the degree by attending the 

Guadalajara Summer Session. 
For informalion: Guadalajara Summer Session, Universily of 

San Diego, Alcala Park, San Diego, CA 92110-2492. 

r--a'!J I OPOA 1""1 
I "a full service" I 
I CAR WASH! 
I I I All-cloth brushes, interior I 
I vacuum, hand finish I 
I I i $ 2 ~~ ~,,~ E, ~,,"," i 
I 5716 Miramar Rd. 455 11 20 I I CLOSEST FULL SERVICE - I 
I CAR WASH TO UCSO . CORNER OF MIRAMAR & EAST GATE I ~-------------------------~ LATE NIGHTS A T CENTRAL 

By popular demand, Central University 
Library will stay open until 11 pm 
on Friday and Saturday nights 
during the Spring Quarter. 

For more hours information 
call 534·3837. 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
= ,."~,""''' 30 ~ S = 
i 'WITH THISAD 1 ~t\ 0 rig· I 
I Wolff System • 2nd 30 ran Days $39 Call for details I 
1--------------------------1 
• LOSE 6" I 
= GUARANTEED ! 
= $39 European Body Wrap • 
• Not a temporacy water loss . Reduce cellulite · No exerci,e II 
I LA JOLLA459-5165 TAN PACIFIC BEACH 581-9060 
• SOLANA BEACH 4 LESS SPORTS ARENA 297-WRAP .1 I Expires 41 10189 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••• 1 

OPINION 

Ethnic 
Continued from page 5 
cumstances facing countless mil-
lions of underrepresented ethnic 
minority children (K-12) who are 
not given a choice, but are con-
stantly served up a sanitary view 
of American history that does not 
include their contributions to our 
unique pluralistic society. 

Extend yet further to consider 
that even in the enlightened orbit of 
UCSD there exists a humanities 
department that offers well over 
225 courses at the undergraduate 
and graduate levels. 

However. less than a dozen of 
these courses are committed to 
the study of all of the cultures of 
color in the United States - I 
might add that at the graduate 
level in this department there are 
no such courses at all. This is a 
difficult fact to believe, especially 
in a state where, very soon, the 
cultures of color will become the 
majority. The implication is, 
therefore, that Ph.D. candidates 
in this department, preparing for 
what will likely be a career in 
teaChing, will receive no graduate 
level training in the populations 
they must serve. J am sure that 
you can, once you allow your per-
ception to extend beyond per-
sonal predilections, discern the 
true nature of the social and 
pedagogic problems offered here. 

You ask, "why must we stress 
differences? Isn't it time we lay to 
rest our primitive tribal instincts 
and start seeing each other as 
individuals?" It is not the sheer 
categorical differences that I, the 
ethnic studies initiative, Alex 
Wong, Professor Saville, and 
Profe sor Blanco wish to stress. 
As you observed, such surface 
differences are regularly exploi-
ited by racist brutes and thugs. It 
is, however, nothing less than the 
full dive tment from the theory of 

Television 
Continued from page 4 

the American melting pot that 
fuels the discourse of difference. 

Our nation and its academic 
institutions have lurched headlong 
into a greater degree of specializa-
tion. One result has been that 
American society has failed to 
recognize the very nature of their 
own diverse culture. Prior to the 
196Os, American colleges and 
universities, as in "Leave it to 
Beaver, n existed in an atmosphere 
of social isolation which was 
almost exclusively white, and 
predominantly male. The notion 
of the ivory tower was a more 
than appropriate appellation. 

The widely held belief in a sin-
gle concept of American culture 
and history (a.k.a. melting pot) 
has proven that ethnic groups 
who share what sociologists used 
to call a high degree of distinct 
social visibility (such as color of 
skin, language, dress, dietary 
preference, manner of speech, etc.) 
are at a decided social disadvan-
tage. This fact becomes abund-
antly clear every time a black or 
Chicano attempts to rent an 
apartment in certain exclusive 
areas of San Diego. As William 
Greenbaum in his essay on the 
rise of pluralism expressed it, the 
white Protestants "assumed their 
own exemption from the melting 
pot. The rest of us would become 
acculturated, learning their be-
haviors and thought patterns." 

Y our analysis and reaction to 
this discourse of difference seems 
fraught with much of the same 
antiseptic, sanitized notions about 
race and culture that pervade the 
thinking of mainline melting pot 
theorists. You quote Martin 
Luther King, lr. Do you think 
that he was so color blind as not 
to see the brutality and injustices 
that were systematically dispensed 
to people of color in this country 
becau e they were perceived to be 
different? Are you so culturally 
tone deaf as to mi s the unmi -

The UCSD Guardian 

takable quality of his voice which 
reveals the centuries-old tradition 
of black oratory? It is true of 
Martin Luther King, Jr. that the 
sheer timbre and cadence of his 
voice made him socially visible 
and proudly identified his rich 
ethnic heritage? 

You go on to degradingly 
characterize cultural personality 
and identity as "primitive primal 
instincts" that are "morally re-
pugnant" and should be aban-
doned in preference to "seeing 
each other as individuals." Are 
you thus prepared to take the 
next analytical step and declare 
that the mainline, white male, 
Eurocentric polemic that under-
pins the theory of the melting pot 
(and the academic department 1 
alluded to above, the United 
States Congress, most board 
rooms of corporations, etc.) is 
also emblematic of an American 
cultural personality and identity 
as well, and is, therefore, a primi-
tive primal instinct that is morally 
repugnant and should be aban-
doned? 

Fredric, both you and I are 
privileged to live and work in a 
very unique, special, albeit small 
community; Our anxieties and 
opportunities are often com-
pressed into the tiny confines geo-
graphically marked by La 10lla 
Village Drive, North Torrey Pines 
Road, and a portion of Genesee 
Avenue. If you and I (and people 
who look like us) are not very, 
very careful, an institution like 
UCSD could feed on its own rep-
utation and arrogance, and quick-
ly become an isolated intellectual 
and social ghetto coiling ever more 
tightly into its own fondness for 
itself. I hope that you will join me 
and other people of good con-
science in seeing that that does 
not happen. 

Cecil Lytle is the Third College 
Provost. 

The network also develops a bold new series 
based upon the real life exploits of militant terrorists 
who film their antics for the show. Each week the 
network spotlights a different terrorist act and 
employs a team of writers to conjure a fictionalized 
story to accompany the violent footage. America 
eats it up and the network is on top of the world . In 
this case, it turns out that crime does indeed pay. 

"America's Most Wanted" is also a television 
breakthrough. The show reenacts real life crimes 
using only real live drama school dropouts and 
other similarly talented individuals. The program is 
hosted bya super-serious FBI-like entertainer whose 
hair never seems to move. He's a cross between J . 
Edgar Hoover, a Ken doll, and a great actor like 
Scott Baio. What makes" America's Most Wanted" 
so enjoyable is its clever phone-in feature. Based 
upon the information provided in the show, viewers 
are invited to help capture dangerous criminals by 
informing from the comfort of their very own 
homes. It's much like the Home Shopping Network, 
but instead of purchasing hideous German beer 
steins , viewers send low-life scum up the river. What 
a sense of satisfaction. And you can do it while 
stuffing your face full of Ding-Dongs in your favor-
ite easy chair. 

So what does this have to do with the Fox? The 
Fox of today is the U BS the film warned us about in 
1976. For example, Fox provides viewers such gems 
as "COPS" and "America's Most Wanted ." In 
"COPS," viewers are treated to the exploits of real 
live police officers apprehending real live criminals 
complete with real life violence and colorful real life 
language (edited, of course, for the whole family to 
enjoy). It's really neal. 

Every weekday the Fox channel also broadcasts 
three courtroom dramas back-to-back: "Divorce 

See TELEVISION, pale 8 

~rimo o@tJ3~f 
THIRD 

Needs a Student 
"Graduation" Speaker' 
(for June 18thJ 

Submit a 5 mln_ speech 

COLLEGE 
~ 

./ 
by April 14th 

Come to the Third 
Dean's Office for 

more detallsl 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS Monday, April 3. 1989 7 

New Superconductors Found the established pattern of a "mobile holes" current carried by missing electrons, co uld help 
shape superconductor theory. 

Smith said, it could be a long time 
between the discovery of the 
materials and their marketplace 
usage. 

By REBEKAH DENN 
Staff Writer 

A research team,led by UCSD 
Professor M. Brian Maple, re-
cently discovered three new 
superconducting ceramics that 
carry electric currents through the 
unusual method of utilizing extra 

electrons, rather than missing 
ones. 

"This opens up a whole new 
aspect of superconductivity for 
the theorists to consider," Maple 
said . 

Superconductors, materials that 
carry electric currents with no 
resistance, are currently known to 

work only far below room tem-
perature. Even the best materials 
developed must be cooled by li-
quid nitrogen to reach supercon-
ducting temperature. Scientists 
worldwide are working to develop 
superconductors that will work at 
higher temperatures. 

"Even though the new mater-
ials have set no temperature 
records so far, their existence may 
put constraints on the theory of 
how high-temperature supercon-
ductivity works," Maple said. 

It took 50 years to raise the 
operating temperature of super-
conductors by 19 degrees, said 
Smith, noting that after that time 
temperatures rose over 100 degrees 
in just two years. 

Regents Approve 
Construction Projects 

Although the newly discovered 
ceramics lose resistance to elec-
tricity around -425 degrees Fah-
renheit, far from the - 235 degree 
temperature at which the record-
holding superconductors operate, 
Maple believes the new materials 
show promise for future research. 

If superconductors could be 
made to operate at room temper-
ature, Maple said, they could 
have startling practical appli-
cations. 

Possibilities include superfast 
computers and 300-mile per hour 
trains that would float on mag-
netic fields. The development of 
powerful, electromagnets, more 
efficient motors, and lighter, more 
compact machinery could all be 
brought about. 

Scientists, Smith noted , share 
their findings more readily than in 
the early days of research, a prac-
tice that enables others to verify 
and build upon established results. 

Maple's research, for example, 
confirmed the earlier report of a 
Japanese research team, which 
had announced the discovery of a 
superconductor whose current 
appeared to be carried by extra 
electrons. 

During a recent meeting, the 
University of California Board of 
Regents approved the design for a 
new $48.9 million Sciences build-
ing to be constructed at UCSD 
between Urey Hall and the Main 
Gym. 

The building will house the 
departments of biology and chem-
istry and will include programs in 
cell and developmental biology, 
inorganic chemistry, organic 
chemistry and physical chemistry. 

The new structure will contain 
183,173 gross square feet and 
109,904 assignable square feel. 

It will have two wings: a large, 
six-story laboratory wing and a 
smaller, four-story seminar wing. 

Construction of the Sciences 
building is scheduled to begin in 
July 1990, with completion ex-
pected in November of 1992. 

The construction of the build-
ing was approved by the Regents 
in November, 1987. Also during 
the March 16-17 meeting, the 
Regents approved the design of 
the Shiley Eye Center, a $7 mil-

lion patient care and research 
facility to be built on campus. 

The eye center was named in 
recognition of a $ I million gift to 
the UCSD department of oph-
thamology from Donald P. and 
Darlene V. Shiley. 

Research at the Shiley Eye 
Center will encompass the study 

It is not yet known how high-
temperature superconductivity is 
achieved. "There are as many 
theories as theorists," according 
to Michael Smith, a chemistry 
grad uate who works with supercon-
ductors. 

The new materials. which break 

Great strides in the search for 
high temperature super conduct-
ing materials have been made in 
the past few years, making these 
practical uses seem closer, but, 

Maple, working with postdoc-
toral fellow John Markert and a 
team of graduate students, went 
on to discover three materials in 
less than a month, and plans to 
continue research. 

of ~aucoma , cancer, macu~r ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
degeneration, optic neuritis and 
cataracts. 

The treatment of injury and 
trauma to the eye will also be 
addressed , along with the con-
tinued development of new oph-
thamologic equipment, a growing 
program in molecular biology, 
and special studies of eye disease 
as a compilation of disorders such 
as diabetes and AIDS. 

The eye center complex will 
centralize clinical, research and 
teaching programs of the UCSD 
department of ophthalmology 
now located on several sites on 
campus and at the UCSD Medi-
cal Center in Hillcrest. Comple-
tion of the center is scheduled for 
1990. 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kinkolJ' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa LI1 Jolla Dr. 

r 'Complete - --- - -- - - -- - -- - - - ---: 
: DENTAL C~ECK-UP $ 2 5 : 
I Indude.; examination, cleanong. 2 b,te-wlng 
I X-Rays and consultation. Reg. $60 I 

r-C;s~~~-BO~d~g-T---G~dCrowns~--1 
I $90 each tooth I $360 each tooth I 

R" . $140 I ReI. $550 eoeh L--------------T--------------I Root Canal 1 All coupon services payable 
I $ 250 each tooth I when services rendered. 
I Up 10 2 con"" P'" I 
I tooth . R" . $325 I. USC Graduate and fonner f -P;r~;h.in-c;o;,~-; -': faculty member 
I $ 2 9 9 each tooth I. 34 yean experience R" . $425 I ~--------------I Carlol P. Fernandez, D.D.S. 
: DENTAL CENTER 

3660 Clai,emnonl D,. St • . 10 
2 Bloclr •• outh 01 Balboa 

274-&339 

RUN FOR OFFICE IN THE 

1989 ASUCSD ELECTIONS!!! 
LAST DAY TO FILE IS TODAY! 

April 3rd by 4:00 pm 
WHERE: In the A.S. Office, upstairs in Student Center "A", 

(above EDNA) SEE PATIY! 

POSITIONS AVAIlABLE: 
President 

Vice President Administrative 
Vice President External 
Vice President Finance 

Academic Affairs Commissioner 
Communications Commissioner 

Programming Commissioner 
Public Relations Commissioner 

Operations, Services & Enterprises Commissioner 
University Center Board Commissioner 

Sophomore, Junior & Senior Senators for each College 
Sophomore Senator for Fifth College 

FOR MORE INFORMATION OR IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, CONTACT THE A.S. OFFICE AT 534-4450. 



8 Monda\' , Ap,,1 3. 1989 

••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
:$2 OFF : 
: ANY LARGE PIZZA : 
• • 
:$1 OFF : 
• • 
• ANY MEDIUM PIZZA • 
• • 
• • I • 
I • 
I Plm.: FREE • 
I pre",, ", ,oupon CAMPUS • 
I "hen ordenng DELIVERY • 
I 1I0l R~ TO YOUR • I " on-Thu Ildln-MID 

Fn - ~al 11.01-1.111 DOOR • 
I ~un I 1.311am- MID • 
• • I • 
I • 
.1 ~7} \ lib 1_, 1,,11 .. Dr L, Jolla VIllage Squ .. rc • 
!I 455-0662 • 
I •••••••••••••••••• ~~ 

OPINION 

PROFESSORS, END 
THE PAPER CHASE 

USE KlNKOSS PROFESSOR PUBLISHING SERVICE 
Give your students an alternative to the Library Reserve Room. We'lI 
turn your loose course materials Into bound class readers. 

• 

NO CHARGE TO YOU OR YOUR DEPARTMENT 
LOWEST POSSIBLE COST TO YOUR STUDENTS 
OUR REP WIll HELP ORGANIZE YOUR MATERiAlS 

. \ FREE PICK UP AND DELIVERV 
OPEN 24 HOURS 7 DAYS A INEEK 

Let Us Do The Chasing While You Do The Teaching 

kinko's' 
the copy center 

La Jolla Village Square 
457·3775 -OPEN 24 HOURS 

University Bookstore 
(LJJ(I :! ,jlO] 

• m ~--ucatio 
Celebrate MacFest '89 with the University Bookstore 

and Apple Computer, Inc. Discover the possibilities 
that Macintosh computers offer for education. 

Ail-day e~nts include: 
• Demonstration by UCSD faculty and tudents 
• eminars on Hypermedia, publishing, networking and more 
• Academic courseware 
• Hands-on demonstrations 
• Vendor exhibits 

Also featured: 
• Guest speaker - Burt Cumming , Director of Higher 

Education Sales and Marketing, Apple Computer, Inc. 

Wednesday, April 26 
9 a.m. - 5 p.m. 

Grand Ballroom, Price Center 
~pon.,or 'd by the Universi ty 130okstore and Apple Computer, Inc. 

ENTER THE DRAWING TO WIN A FREE MACINTO H OMPUTER! 

The CCSf) Guardian 

Inaccurate 
Continued from page 4 
Report (EI R) was not done be-
cause the project was for research, 
not commercial disposal. It is true 
that the CBC research facility will 
never be used for commercial 
operations. However, the reason 
an EI R was not conducted is that 
the five independently conducted 
risk assessments reviewed by D H S 
during the permitting process 
concluded that the proposed 
research project would not pres-
ent a significant risk to either the 
public or environment. Therefore, 
under the California Environ-
mental Quality Act (CEQ A), an 
EIR is not required . 

In conclusion, I would like to 
correct Ms. Young's last misquo-
tation, concerning the public 
comment period. Although Ogden 
does not anticipate any new tech-
nical information to be submitted 
during the comment period , 
Ogden feels that public participa-
tion and education is critically 
important and encourages anyone 
who would like to learn the facts 
to contact us. Ogden has an open 
door policy to those who wish to 
visit the research facility_ We 
thank the numerous UCSO stu-
dents who have accepted this invi-
tation and taken the time to learn 
the facts_ 

Maya O. Rohr 
Senior Permit Engineer 

Ogden En\'ironmental Services 

Television 
Continued from page 6 
Court"; "Judge"; and "On Trial." 
Retired real live judges resolve 
real and not-so-real life disputes 
between bad actors and other 
people you wouldn' let into your 
own home. Some of these pro-
grams are worse than others, but 
they are all bad, which makes 
them all very entertaining pro-
vided you haven't had a large 
lunch . 

So what does this all mean? 
Well , it could mean that Fox 
executives are either extremely 
stupid or incredibly smug for 
broadcasting a film which lam-
poons programming swill much 
like Fox's own programming swill. 
My guess is that the network 
executives are neither stupid nor 
smug. My guess is that they feel 
the same pressure to generate 
profits that every other corporate 
executive endures and that they 
don't spend too much time con-
templating the social effects and 
implications of their programming 
if it doesn't appear to directly 
relate to the bottom line. 

But what about "COPS" and 
"America's Most Wanted" and 
"Divorce Court?" Can't something 
be done about their proliferation? 
As I see it, viewers have two 
options : don't watch or do watch . 
The former is fine, but then you 
might be forced to actually do 
something outside of your home 
with real live people. If you opt 
for the latter, it is important to 
enjoy the programs for their faults 
and to always remember that "real 
life drama" is a claim real life 
doesn't have to make. 

Opinion 
Continued from page 4 
short question. Q & A also appear 
on Thursday. 
Feiffer - A nationally syndicated, 
Pulitzer Prize-winning cartoonist. 
This Village Voice cartoonist's 
work appears in Monday's issue. 
Hunter S. Thompson - Also 
nationally syndicated , Hunter is 
the dea n of "Gon7o" journali~m . 

fh~mp on i~ known lor hiS booh 
Fellr alld Loalhill[< 011 Ill .. Cam 
pai[<11 Trail 72 a nd Fl!lIr and /.00-
Ihing in Lay ' ·('[<a.l. 

The UCS D Guardian 

I NA RECENT attempt to avoid the hellish clamor of my nine telephones, I became 
secretive and added a fourth private line, with 

yet another secret number - which resulted 
almost immediately in a tragic misunderstanding. 

One of the first calls on the new line was a 
harrowing piece of news about the public murder 
of myoid friend Russell Chatham, the legendary 
Montana artist - which soon proved to be utterly 
unfounded and caused outbursts of hysterical 
grief among many of his friends and business 
associates. 

The story was so gruesome that only a fiend 
could have dreamed it _ .. The artist was said to 
have been seining for gold nuggets in a river near 
his home, wearing a black-rubber hooded jump 
suit, when he was accidcntally hooked by a pass-
ing trolling boat and dragged for several miles 
upriver before he was reeled in and stabbed 
repeatedly with gaffing hooks and spears by 
members of the fi shing party. 

"He fought like a 2,OOO-pound marlin," one was 
allegedly quoted as saying, "but he only weighed 
200 pounds. It was scary, We thought we'd 
hooked one of those goddamn sea monsters that 
you always hear about. It lOok us almost an hour 
to get him into the boat - and then I heard him 
yelling and snarling in English, which drove us all 
crazy with fear - and then, 0 God, the hood 
lipped back on his head and we saw it was not a 

fish!" 
The origin of the rumor is still a mystery, 

although many in the art world suspect it was a 
plot by Korean speculators to drive up the price of 
Chatham's work - already skyrocketing - and 
then sell it back for a huge profit to grieving 
friends and market-conscious collectors. 

The artist himself was unavailable for com-
ment , except through a battery of tort . lawyers 
who were said, last week, to be busy taking orders 
for his new series of large oil on dead and dying 
animals, rendered in miniature against dismal 
winter backgrounds. 

"Russell has gone beyond himself, this time," 
said one friend. "He is a thousand years old, but he 
has the heart of a fawn." 

T HE PHONE RANG again just before midnight. Semmes picked it up and mut-
tered something about "decent people being 

asleep at this hour." A long silence followed, and 
then I heard him cry out "good God almighty!" 

"What now?" I asked, as he turned to hand me 
the phone. I figured it was another whack of bad 
news. 

The blood had drained out of his face and his 
eyes had narrowed to slits. "You better get some 
whiskey," he said. "This one is over the line_" 

I grabbed a bottle of pisco then took the phone_ 
It was a lawyer from WaShington, who said he was 
part of the Bush transition team and could only 
speak with me if I swore I would never mention his 

OPINION 

name. The message he was about to give me, he 
aid, was "Top Secret and extremely volatile." 

" How did you get this goddamn phone num-
ber?" I shouted . "I've only had it for eight hours." 

" It was casy," he said calmly. "There are no 
secrets - not for us." 

"OK," I said_ "What do you want? I'm innocent." 
He laughed . "I know that ." he said. "That's 

exactly why I'm calling. We have a job for you." 
"Wonderful," I said. "How much does it pay?" 
"Never mind that ," he aid. "This is a crisis. The 

president is about to dump Tower and he needs 
another nominee by morning ... And you're it," he 
hissed. "Are you ready to be Secretary of Defense?" 

I felt sick, although it came as no surprise_ 
Revenge is one of the few things in politics that 
never gets lost in themail or written off for a dime 
on the dollar like 10 ers' campaign debts or 
pledges to help the poor. 

No. Revenge is a timeless manaate In that world 
inside the Beltway .... AskJohn Tower. He spent 
28 years in Washington, but he never paid his 
dues. So when he came back to take over the 
Pentagon, his old buddies in the Senate treated 
him like a skunk. They called him a sot and a 
whore-hopper, a walking booze-barrel with three 
legs .... 

And now they wanted me. 
"You evil bastard!" I shouted. "They'll rip me to 

shreds. " 
He chuckled _ "Don't worry," he said . "George 

will defend you all the way to the end. You know 
how loyal he is - he read that piece you wrote 
about him being so misunderstood, and he feels he 
owes you something." 

Indeed , ( thought - a public flogging on 
national TV, then getting shipped out of Washing-
ton in a body bag while the president shake hi 
head sad ly and bemoans the new wave of puritan-
ical hysteria that is wrecking the lives of so many 
true patriots by dwelling on their vices instead of 
their virtue .. . . 

It was brilliant stra tegic thinking - a naked 
pitch for the Whiskey Vote, for the one huge 
constituency that he will need for reelection in 
1992 if the Democrats manage to nominate any-
body who seems human: He will have to run 
against a sitting president who secretly weeps for 
the boozers he did everything in his power to 
include in his inner circle, because of their bril-
Liance and their doomed humanism. 

( almost felt a lump in my throat. "Remember 
the cruel purges of '89?" they will ask, "when the 
wild boys were put on trial? Who was it, back 
then, who came down on the side of Sex, Drugs 
and Rock ' n' Roll?" 

Ye gods. It was George Bush, the ex-wimp who 
once ran the War on Drugs and who refused to 
give up the one split of wine cooler that he always 
drinks after dinner. 

Res Ipsa Loquilor. 

UCSD Students: 
Tuesday night is your 
night at Dos Amigos 

for 25C BEER 
You should come in Wednesday nights as 
well ... any drink in the house is 

$1 00 (that's right, '100111 
Drink speCIals and dancing to a great OJ starts at 8 :00 
p .rn. We also have a fantastic happy hour with a buffet 
and great drink prices M-F 14-8). 
CORNER OF SPORTS ARENA 225-9090 

& ROSECRANS 

M onday. April 3. 19 9 9 

7777 Fay Ave. Suite J, La Jolla 
456-2595 

•......................... , 
= RAYBAN~SUNGIASS SALE = 

SAVE 50% = 
ON EVERY = 
RAYBAN ' = 
IN OUR = 

GIGANTIC = 
STOCK! = 

• Finest selection • 
of Wayfarers. • 
Cats. Ciubmasters. = 
new "folding" 
Wayfarers (see • • • photo) and more. • 

• 100% W protection I 
(Offer good with coupon only ot La Jolla Village I. 

• and Lo Jolla-Prospect thru 4/9/89) • 

!W~!~~f~~~~T~ ! 
• La Jolla VIllage (next to Kinko's) 535-0365 • 
L La Jolla (next to Alfonso'S) 454-7532 •••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

WE'VE GOT 
mE BEST 

COMIC 
BOOKS 

IN 
TOWN! 

e. 
• Fantasy & role-playing games 
• Fantasy miniatures 
• Robotech and Japanese Animation 

• The Comic Gallery 
4224 Balboo Ave 

San Diego. CA 9211 7 
comer 01 801000 So Cla,'tlm ont Dr 

114".t to Food Baske! 
(619) 463·4853 

675-B N Broodway 
Escondido. CA 92025 

Country COtner Shoppong Cente, 
'1t BrOOdway 8. Washington 

(619) 745-5660 



10 Monday, April 3, 1989 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

Program To Address Student-Faculty Interaction 
By REBEKAH YOUNG 
Staff Writer 

In an effort to improve com-
munication and contact between 
UCSD students and faculty mem-
bers, weekly social gatherings be-
tween the two groups will be held 
at the Price Center beginning 
April 28. 

The meetings, ho ted by the 
Council of Provosts, will be held 
each Friday from I to 3 p.m. in 
Lounge It 10. 

The entire facult y of one depart -
ment will be invited to the Price 
Center for light refre hments and 
an informal meeting with under-
graduate students each Friday. 

"They will be trictly informal 
a ffairs .. . people will just show up 
a t the gatherings ," said Eve 
Murphy, a si ta nt to Warren Col-

lege Provost David Wong. 
The purpose of the gathering is 

to allow students and faculty to 
"meet at a more personal level," 
Murphy said. "We want to break 
down the intimidation between 
students and their professors." 

The program was initiated by 
Wong, but the Council of Pro-
vost , made up of provosts from 
all five UCSD colleges, will be the 
official sponsoring agency. 

"We didn't want this program 
to be just for Warren students," 
Murphy said. "All UCSD stu-
dents are invited ." 

A different college provost will 
act as host at each of the five 
meeting planned thus far. 
Warren College will host the fir t 
meeting for AMES students and 
faculty on April 28. Other de-
partment with planned meetings 
include the political science , liter-

ature, psychology and biology 
departments. 

According to Murphy, students 
will be given a schedule of the 
dates that the various departments 
will meet at the Price Center so 
they may participate in events of 
their choosing. 

"The program sounds like a 
good idea to me," said pre-Ames 
fresh person Tracy Brown. "I've 
had trouble meeting my teachers 
because I have huge lecture 
classes. It would be really helpful 
if I could talk to my teachers and 
get inside information on how to 
handle homework and classes 
from them." 

Student Advocate Bard-Alan 
Finlan, however, hesitated to view 
the planning meetings as worka-
ble over the long term. "I'm glad 
that someone is trying to get a 
meeting organized [between stu-

dents and faculty members], but I 
don't know how long it will last 
without constant pushing from 
the provosts," he said. 

"The provosts definitely need 
to keep pushing the program," 
A.S . President Maynard 
Dimmesdale said. "But I think the 
program is more likely to succeed 
because it involves the whole 
school." 

Finlan did comment that he 
feels the new program is neces-
sary because "there hasn't been 
much interaction like this in the 
past .. . there's been a general lack 
of information among students 
about their classes and how they 
fit together with their goals." 

Finlan went on to say that the 
Price Center is an appropriate 

arena for the meetings. 
"Part of the idea of the Price 

Center is to encourage interaction 
between students and faculty," he 
said. 

The long term goal of the pro-
gram is to establish initial contact 
so that both students and faculty 
will feel more comfortable in 
arranging other meetings or par-
ticipating in other student-faculty 
events. 

According to Murphy, the 
Warren Provost office has not 
planned any other programs yet, 
but is hopeful that this project will 
set a precedent for other kinds of 
meetings in which students can 
"air their concerns with profes-
sors and break down any barriers 
that might exist." 

VIVISECTION--
--------------------------------------, Continued (rom pace 1 UCSD's course curriculum," 

Breslau said. 

RESEARCH GRANTS 
in Mexican/Chicano Studies 

The University of California Consortium on MeXICO a nd the 
United States is awarding research gra nts to faculty and 
advanced graduate students dOing research on proble ms 
related to Mexico and / or Chicano studies. 

Eligibility: all fields ; faculty or graduate student. 

Amount: $1000 maximum; for research/ tra vel costs . 
Applications: available from the add res s below, and due a t 
the following address by 5 / 19/ 89: 

Professor E. Van Young 
Dept. of History 
C-004 
Telephone: 534-6891 or 534-3612 

Applications available 
now at Resident 

Dean's Offices and 
International Center. 

Open House: 
Thursday, April 6, 7 p.rn. 

in the 
Pepper Canyon Lodge. 

Application Deadline: 
Monday, April 10, 1989 

~tO~TkP~~ 11 IN THE REVELLE PlAZA 
April 5, 11:30 - 2:00 

BROUGHT TO YOU BY: 

,~r. 
\1 \ ~ 
II . ~ . 1\,, 11 
11"&1\1 :11 lU I II 

IpClNPGNIGIfI' 

.~ ~,\ 
• Noon Concert 12''i::~''~~ ,A<,,\ ~ 1\~~~'-

91X Give Aways 
• 
• Information Booths 

• Food 
• APRILS-7IM .... .,.. .. s ... RUIH 

adoption. "The animals are con-
demned to die," he said. 

In a press conference the day 
before the vigil , several members 
of San Diego Animal Advocates, 
International Society for Animal 
Rights and In Defense of Anim-
als , denounced the dog labs. 
Speakers included surgeon Roger 
C. Breslau, and two practicing 
veterinarians, Warner Soelling 
and Alan Boessmann. 

"At no time during my 30 years 
as a teacher and practitioner of 
surgery did 1 find it advisable, 
necessary, or even marginally 
instructive to use live animal 
models to either teach or person-
ally acquire the special emergency 
skills listed for demonstration in 

Your chan 

"In my opinion, voiceless and 
unprote ting dogs are used in 
'teaching labs' out of habit and 
convenience, and not because it is 
educationally necessary or even 
helpful. " 

The three doctors testified that 
alternative means, such as obser-
vation and human anatomical 
simulators, are more effective than 
practicing on dogs, and claimed that 
such practice on animals is actu-
ally misleading, due to the ana-
tomical differences between dogs 
and humans. 

Activists say it is irrelevant that 
the dogs used in the labs were 
already destined to die. 

See PROTEST, pace 11 

UCSD' Ce to learn 
s expand' more abo 

mg Greek Ut 
sYStem 

The freshest fashion for guys .•. for less. 
Campus Plaza 6083 EI COlon Blvd 16191265 1613 lacor..clldo 1272 " F" Aula Pork Way 16191 480.7846 

Lake Murray 8872 Novolo Roodl6191461 0430 PoIntLoma 3651 M,dwoy Dnve (6191223·2842 
Cartabad 1830 Morron Rd 1619)43 4 4313 CIaiNmOnt MeIG Clmremonl Square Shopping Cenler (6 191581 . 1906 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 

PROT·EST: 'Dog Labs' Opposed 
Continued (rom page 10 

"It sends the wrong message," 
Breslau said. "Namely, that it is 
OK to use and then kill live 
healthy animals as though they 
are disposable commodities ... 
it's a basic disregard for life and 
it's not necessary." 

On Tuesday, March 21, over 
200 people gathered in front of 
the Basic Science Building, carry-
ing white candles and wearing 
black armbands. The protest was 
peaceful, and many participants 
carried signs with slogans such as 
"Dog labs death vigil," and "Bru-
tality! Done to dogs at UCSD 
lab! Very Cruel! Mean!" 

Although vigils were scheduled 
to take place while the dogs were 
being operated on inside the Basic 
Science Building, the first lab was 
held one night earlier, and the 
second was cancelled . Protesters 
did not learn of either change 
until their candlelight vigils were 
already in progress. 

The protesters reacted with 
dismay when they learned that 
the deaths they were protesting 
had occurred the night before. 

"I figured they would change 
the lab date because they're just so 
dishonest," said one woman. 
"Anyone who would do what 
they do can't be trusted .. . they're 
just terrible people," she said . 

The activists continued their 
procession to the building's load-
ing docks, despite the reschedul-
ing, to say a prayer for the dead 
dogs and lay a floral arrangement 
at the foot of the cages. 

Jane Cartmill, with San Diego 
Animal Advocates, read the 
prayer with emotion and then 

looked toward the cages. 
"Those cages are empty now. 

They are empty because these 
dogs are dead," she said quietly. 

After a few moments of silence, 
during which several protesters 
were hugging and crying, the 
group dispersed. 

The activists held another can-
dlelight vigil again the following 
Thursday, only to learn that the 
lab had this time been cancelled. 

According to San Diego 
Animal Advocates member Cris 
Waller, the second lab was can-
celled due to low enrollment. 
"Which shows you how wonder-
fully important and popular the 
la b is," she said. 

Sally F. Mackler, Director of 
San Diego Animal Advocates, 
criticized the University, saying, 
"I am sick and tired of hearing 
that these animals are going to die 
anyway." According to Mackler, 
the real issue is that "we're not 
seeing an up-to-date approach to 
medical education at UCSD ... 
and a padding of one's resume, 
and additional dollars for the 
University" are not sufficient rea-
sons for the continuation of the 
labs. 

Waller countered the Universi-
ty's claims that the labs are 
necessary to teach such emergency 
procedures as cricothyrotomies 
(operations to allow patients with 
blocked airways to breathe). 

"The Red Cross trains people 
to do cricothyrolomies, and of 
course they don't use dogs," she 
said. Waller asked the crowd of 
protesters which doctor they 
would rather have, the one who 
had practiced the procedure 

numerous limes on a simulator 
and observed it being done in 
residency, or the doctor who tried 
it once on a dog. 

"We will not abandon the dogs 
shivering in the bowels of this 
building," she said . 

The next Emergency Medicine 
Symposia are scheduled to take 
place in August, Waller said, "and 
we're going to be there again ... 
probably in greater number." 

She said the issue is not "the 
researchers versus the animal 
advocates," but "what exactly 
UCSD is doing to animals." 

ERRATUM 

In the March 9 story 
"Coalition Protests Og-
den Burn," the Guardian 
misrepresented a com-
ment made by Maya 
Rohr, Ogden's senior per-
mit engineer, regarding 
Environmental lmpact 
Reports . 

At the time of the sto-
ry's appearance, no such 
report had been made 
because the California 
Department of Health 
Services had determined 
that Ogden did "not [rep-
resent a] potential for 
significant risk ," accord -
ing to Rohr. 

The Guardian regrets 
this error. 

EUROPE 
FOR STUOENTj 

sAL-~ ~rlnC:dad 
714-458-88-68 

International 
Fri~nthhip Sn'Vic~ 

22994 EI Toro Rd. 
EI Toro, CA 92630 

Monday, April 3, 1989 II 

Exchange Programs 

Homestay Programs 

Study Programs 
/rom$980 

INFO MEETING 
Thurs .• April 6 It the 
Internatlonll Center 

from 9-12 

Co-sponsored wlttl Opportunities Abroad otftce UCID 

Chemistry 

Organic Chemists 
Sandoz Crop Protection , Zoecon Research Institute, a com-
pany widely recognized for excellence In agrlchemical re-
search, Is seeking scientists wHh a genuine commitment to 
chemical research. 

Responsibilities Include the synthesis and characterization of 
novel compounds as part of a program to develop environmen· 
tally compatible pest control agents. 

These poshlons reqUire a BSIMS degree in organic chemistry 
with at least one to two years experience. Applicants should 
have expertise In modern methods for the synthesis. separation 
and characterization of organic compounds. 

For consideration. please apply at or send resume to' 

Sandoz Crop 
Protection 

Corporation 
Zoecon Research Institute 
Human Resources Dept. 

975 California Avenue 
Palo Alto, CA 94304-t 104 

EOElAA 



12 Monday. April 3. 1989 

-----FEATURES-----
____________________________ ~~~o~~~~---------------------------

Causes ofPMS Are Explored 
At UCSD Medical Center 

By JULIE C. SONNTAG 
Sla!! Wrill.'r 

Is premenstrual sy ndrome 
(P MS) all in a woman's head ? 
According to Dr. Joseph Mor-
tola, the medical director of the 
PM clinic at UC D, this i a 
good question. 

Mortola heads a research team 
at the UCS D Medical Center 
which i investigating the causes 
and treatments of PMS based on 
the theory that premenstrual syn-
drome is caused by chemical 
iQteractions in the brain. 

Monola' research team in-
cludj!s Lyda Gunon, a clinical 
psychologi t, and Pamela Mal-
com, a registered nurse . The 
team is funded by a grant from 
the ational Inst itute of Health 
(NIH). 

Mortola is also an assistant 
professor at the UCSD School of 
Medicine. He teaches resident 
clas es in obstetrics and gynecol-
ogy and a fi rst-year medical stu-
dent course in reproduct ion. 

It was previously thought that 
PM was caused by a change in a 
woman' hormone levels. For 
many years a common treatment 
for PMS has been progesterone. 
However, according to Malcom, 
changing the levels of progeste-
rone in a woman's body alter her 
cycle length and causes bleeding 
outside her cycle. 

In addition, recent experiments 
have proven that proge terone is 
only as effective as a placebo 
(sugar pill) in the treatment of the 
ymptoms of PMS. Malcom 

added that des pite these experi-
ments, progesterone is still one of 
the more commonly used treat-
ments today. 

In his experiment, Monola does 
not try to affect the hormone lev-
els in women. He believes that it is 
imponant to maintain natural 
hormone levels. In fact , he stated 
that women who suffer from PMS 
have the same hormone levels as 
those who do not. 

"What seems to be different is 

the way cenain brain chemicals in 
different women respond to those 
normal hormone levels," Monola 
said. 

Therefore, Monola's studies are 
designed "to look at the po ible 
effect that hormones from the 
ovary, namely estrogen and pro-
ges terone, might have on chang-
ing chemicals within the brain 
that affect mood ." 

The chemicals that Monola 
refers to are beta~ndorphin and 
the alpha-adronergic system. 
Mortola explained that beta-en-
dorphin "ha a lot to do with our 
own natural sense of good feel-
ing," and that the alpha-adro-
nergic system, which includes the 
neurotransmitters epinephrine, 
norepinephrine and dopamine, 
"influences how we feel." All of 
these chemicals, he said, affect 
mood , irritability, appetite , sense 
of tiredness and feelings of 
depression . 

He feels that all of the e chemi-
cals interact in order to cause 
PMS because, as he explained , 
"Chemical in the brain are always 
talking to each other, 0 when 
you affect one system, you often 
affect a lot of othe rs." 

For example, changes in hor-
mone levels affect beta~ndorphins 
which in turn affect neurotrans-
mitters. However, these hormones 
do not affect beta~ndorphin and 
neurotransmitters the same way 
in every person. This is why some 
women get PMS while others do 
not. 

Malcom emphasized that, "You 
don't have to be a cenain per on-
ality type to get it. All women can 
have PMS." 

In his studie , Monola is trying 
to control these different reac-
tions to normal hormone levels. 

"We're designing ex periments 
to see if we can stabilize in the 
brain the fluctuations that natu-
rally occur during the course of 
the menstrual cycle, " he explained. 

Precise controls have been set 
up for the experiment in order to 
prevent variables from confusing 

the data . Therefore, women who 
participate must me.:t specific 
criteria . 

Participants must be between 
the ages of 18 and 45, have regular 
menstrual periods, must not be 
taking any regular medication 
including birth control pills, and 
mu t not be in any therapy or 
counseling. With these controls, 
Mortola hopes to prevent any 
criticism of the results of his study. 

The p ychological well-being 
of the participants will also be 
te ted both before and during the 
experiment by Gurton , who has a 
Ph .D. in psychology. 

Malcom is a nurse coordinator. 
She helps with recruitment and 
does liaison work between the 
patients and the experiment. 

During the experiment, the 
participants will be administered 
a variety of drugs , including anti-
hypertension and anti-anxiety 
medications and anti-depressants. 
Mortola emphasized that al-
though some of the medications 
reduce depression and anxiety, 
PMS and depression are not the 
same disorder. 

The medications are adminis-
tered in a double blind crossover 
fa hion. This means that the 
patient may get a real drug or a 
placebo in any given month and 
neither the doctor nor the patient 
will know what she is taking. 

The patients will rate how they 
feel each day physically, behav-
iorallyand psychologically. This 
information will be analyzed 
together with which drug the 
woman is taking. 

According to Malcom, the 
experime nt has a dual purpose. 
First , it will determine which drugs 
help alleviate the symptoms of 
PMS. Secondly, it will provide a 
better understanding of the causes 
of PMS. 

Consequently, the answer to 
the question at the beginning of 
this article eems to be yes. PMS 
is all in a woman's head . How-
ever, according to Mortola and 
his research team, PMS is far 
from psychosomatic. 

The Baha'i Faith Seeks Peace 
Between Countries, Religions 

By J ULIE MUNRO 
FealU'I'l £dilor 

I ran has been mentioned in the news recently in connection 
with various negative situa-
tion~, such as arms shipments and 
Sharon Rogers's van bursting into 
flames near UTe. A much more 
po itive movement, however, 
began in this Middle Eastern 
country in 1844 and ha since 

~pread around the world. 
It IS called the Baha'i Faith and, 

unlike the violent antagonism 
a~sociated with terrorism and the 
Persia n Gulf, this religion strives 
fo r world peace and unity. 

The Baha'i Faith is "kind of 
quiet" in Iran today "because the 
government is very fanatical and 
they are against any kind of group 
that i n't Moslem ... They've pel -
secuted a lot of Bahai's," explained 
Revelle junior Firozeh Gruber. 
She was born in Iran and moved 
to the nited State when she was 
10, "before the revolution started," 
she said. 

The Baha'i Clubs from SDSU and UCSD, picture here at the San 
Diego Baha'i Center, have had jOint meetings and events. 

Although th ere is nothing 
against government in the Baha'i 
writings, and " we're not political 
in any way," Gruber explained, 
" It has alway been pretty much 
dangerous to be a Baha'i in Iran. 

"I think the people who were in 
power [in the 1800s] felt that the 
faith was beginning to draw peo-

pie towards it , and they were los-
ing their power," she continued . 
The religion was meant to bring 
unity and love to people. " It wasn't 
anything to subvert the govern-
ment ," she said . 

"A lot of people don't think 
[Baha'i] is it~ own religio n. They 

See BAHA 1S, page 13 

Over 75 people with AIDS allowed Solomon to photograph them. 

AIDS Exhibit at Grove 
Gallery Celebrates Life 
By ANDREA ADLEMAN 
Conrributing Fealures £dilor 

Some say life imitates art. Some ay art imitates life. I n the case of Ro alind 
Solomon's "Portraits in the time 
of AIDS," the relationship be-
tween art and life goes much 
deeper than a cliche. 

For in her 75 photograph-
portraits of persons living with 
AIDS (PL WAs), the artist has 
chosen to celebrate life, not death. 
Her powerful photographs are on 
display at the Grove Gallery 
through April 15. 

Solomon, a well-established 
photographer prior to her " Por-
traits ," began photographing 
PLWAs in May 1987. She found 
the PL W As at weekly dinners at 
St. Peter's Church in New York. 
Against a background of chatter 
and piano tunes , she gradually 
won the trust of several PL WAs, 
who consented to become photo-
graphic subjects for this series. In 
the artist's statement of the "Por-
traits in the time of AIDS" book, 
Solomon notes that at the dinners , 
"there was little talk of death; the 
tone, the words, were life." 

In the tatement , Solomon 
explains her intentions: " In this 
series of pictures, my goal was to 
reveal a special character, a rela-
tionship, an environment, aspects 
of the human strugg le to survive. 

"I wa nted this series of por-
traits to represent the diverse 
population of individuals who are 
touched by A I DS. So I active ly 
tried to find them - especia lly 
women who were victims of 
tran fusions and infants of in-
fected mothers ," Solomon writes. 

The series was origina lly dis-
played at the Grey Art Gallery 
and Stud y Center of New York 
University last spring. 

In the book, Grey Art Gallery 
Director Thomas W. Sokolowski 
criticizes the media's portrayal of 
persons living with AIDS, and 
praises Solomon 's down-to~arth 
efforts. 

"The popular representations 
of AIDS have been devoid of 
depictions of persons living with 
AIDS, save for the the lurid jour-
nalistic images of patients in 
extremis .. . where the subjects are 
depicted a decidedly not person 

living with AI DS, but as victims," 
writes Sokolowski in the preface. 

Sokolowski then comments 
that "Rosalind Solomon's photo-
graphs are portraits of the human 
condition ; vignette of the intense 
personal encounters she had with 
75 people over a IO- month 
period . " 

Continui ng the link between 
the PL WAs and life, Sokolowski 
notes that "by stressi ng the very 
corporeality of each PL WA , 
Solomon lets them collectively 
shout out, ' I'm still here.' " 

Solomon, now in her late fif-
ties, started her career as a photo-
grapher in 1968, after travelling to 
the Orient. She studied with a 
renowned ew York photo-
grapher in the mid '7Os, and sub-
sequently became an avid world 
photographer. She has taken part 
in numerous exhibitions, both 
solo and group. She is the re-
ci pient of a Guggenheim Memorial 
Fellowship, American Institute of 
Indian Studies fellowships , and 
was a visiting artist at Yale Uni-
versity, American University, New 
York University, and Haverford 
College, among other universities. 

T he Grove Gallery received 
Solomon's photographs along 
with unusual specifications re-
garding their display. To further 
emphasize the life and existence 
of the PL WAs, Grove Gallery 
Director Maryann Callery ex-
plained that "the installation 
instructions are that [the photo-

grap hs] have no label s, and 
no covers . There's nothing be-
tween you and the photograph ." 

The lack of a barrier between 
the viewer and the PLWA produ-
ces the effect of a mirror image, 
according to Callery. She feels 
that Solomon's photographs serve 
as a means of increasing public 
awareness of AIDS. 

"You can be very knowledge-
able about AIDS and ... still not 
know about AIDS," Ca llery said . 
" It 's the power of the photographs. 
They are so compelling. It's like 
looking in the mirror. There's 
nothing between you and the 
photographs and it makes AIDS 
real. 

"I think these photographs are a 
way to help people know more 
about AIDS. They're a l 0 a cele-
bration of life in a trange way, 

See AIDS, pale 14 

• 

The UCS D Guardian FEATURES 

t Talking Trees' Echo Offbeat 
Sounds in Campus Groves 
By RANDY DOTINGA 
Staff Wriler 

This month marks the third 
anniversary of the debut of the 
"talking trees," located in the 
euca lyptus groves near Central 
Library. The tree feature selec-
tions ranging from an original 
song made for the trees by member 
of the Talking Heads David Byrne 
to a cheerleader's murder confes-
sion. 

The trees, part of UCSD's 
tuart Collection, are a project by 

noted Texan artist Terry Allen . 
When first invited to do a public 
art project a t UCSD, Allen was 
hesitant, according to Stuart Col-
lection Director Mary Beebe. 
"Universities made him uncom-
fortable," and Allen thought much 
of outdoor art wa. "legalized lit-
tering," Beebe expl:1ined. 

When Allen finally came to 
explore the campus, he was im-
mediately attracted to the euca-
lyptus groves. 

"He was concerned about the 
trees on campus. He felt they 
added a great deal. He thought 
that he might be a part of preserv-
ing the grove," Beebe said. 

Allen thought of putting speak-
ers into dead treOl5 so music could 
be played in the groves. He made 
a proposal to that effect to the 
Stuart Collection. The proposal 
was approved. 

Allen then picked three trees he 
liked from hundreds cut dpwn to 
make way for the UCSD Mag-
netic Recording Research Center 
to be built, Beebe said. The trees 
were cut into pieces and covered 
with lead sheeting. They were 
then put back together, and 
"planted" in t.he eucalyptus groves 
where other tree had fallen . This 
way they would fit in with the 
other trees, which were originally 
planted in rows, Beebe explained . 

The trees are rooted 14 feet 
below ground in concrete bases in 
order to strengthen them for safety 
reasons, Beebe said. As for rumors 
that the trees are nuclear proof, 

Beebe said "Who knows?" but 
added that the lead sheeting cov-
ering the trees makes them very 
durable. 

Two of the trees were equipped 
with specially designed speakers 
which will only work within the 
trees, Beebe said. T he trees were 
connected to the Universi ty utility 

'. 

Baha'is in San Diego 
Continued from pale 12 

think it's a cult or sect or an off-
shoot of Islam or something else," 
Gruber said. It is , however, a dis-
tinct religion with its own founder 
and books, she said. The founder 
was Baha'u1lah and the "most 
holy book" is called Kitabi Agdas. 

Some of the Baha'u'lIah's prin-
ciples a(e: 
• the oneness of humankind 
• independent investigation of 

truth 
• the common foundation of all 

religions 
• the essent ial harmony of science 

and religion 
• equality of men a nd women 
• e limination of prejUdice of all 

kinds 
• universal compulsory educa-

tion 
• a spiritual solution to the eco-

nomic problem 
• a universal auxiliary language 
• universal peace upheld by a 

world government 
"People nowadays see what is 

going on around them and say, 
'Gosh, everything is going down 
the drain: .. Gruber observed , 
but she thinks "a lot of Baha'is are 
optimistic about the situation of 
the world. 

"There is a reason for things ... 
It is an ever advancing civi lizatio n 
and things a re going to get better 
... We know there is going to be 

peace. It is inevi table. We've been 
building on it ince the beginning 
of time," she said optimistically. 

"We think that eve ntually the 
world is going to become a united 
world family, that we have to 
eliminate different kinds of pre-
judices," she said. "This is the 
time for it because [we have] 
every kind of capability of inter-
acting with different parts of the 
world. If something happens in 
Japan, it is going to affect u ." 

According to Gruber, this pro-
cess must start with the indivi-
dual. War cannot simply be out-
lawed when people are still 
antagonistic within their own 
countries and even within fami-
lies, she said . 

Baha'i is a world religion. "The 
Baha'is are not j ust Iranians, even 
t hough now a lot of the Baha'is in 
San Diego are Iranian, ~ Gruber 
said . 

The religion has spread to all 
kinds of people in countries 
around the wmld. "Even tribes in 
Africa are Baha'is, and they have 
their own kind of living and cul-
ture ... anyone can look at [the 
writings] a nd see an aspect of 
their own culture." 

I n regard to local affairs, 
Gruber said, "I th ink San Diego 
has a big problem with racism. If 
the elimination of prejudice were 
fully implemented, the n you 
wouldn't have such tension." If 

syste m to provide power for the 
speakers. 

The trees ' tapes run an endless 
loop 24 hours a day, with periods 
of silence between elections. 
There are "four plus hours [of 
material] on the 'music' tree, and 
a little less on the ' poems and sto-

See TALKING, page 14 

'. 

c:-:. 1\ -- I ~ .: 
. J I - , It 

San Diego adopted the Baha'i 
principles, t here would also "not 
be much of a problem with gangs. 

" I think there is warfare in San 
Diego, eve n though it is peaceful. 
If we are going to have world 
peace, I think maybe it should 
start with San Diego first," she 
proposed . 

The Baha'i Center near USD is 
not a church. There are no Baha 'i 
clergy and "we don't have any 
kind of rituals," Gruber said. 

Baha'is go by a 19-month 
calendar( 19 days per month) and 
they celebrate the new year on the 
first day of spring by exchanging 
gifts. They hold "feast .. at the 
Center each month to ay pray-
ers, read Baha'i writings, and talk 
about national Baha'i affairs. 
Smaller groups "just meet at a 
house," Gruber said . 

Although these practices are 
unique, Baha'is believe that "no 
religion is contradictory to "any 
other," Gruber explained . "Reli-
gion was meant for the time period 
when it came, so the spiritual 
aspect remains the same in all the 
religions, but the socia l aspects 
cha nge through time." Laws con-
cerning food and clothing, in other 
words, were meant for the si tua-
tions of each time period, she 
elaborated . 

,,[Different religions] shouldn't 
be fighting with each other because 
their me sage from God is to 
bri ng love and unity," Gruber 
sa id . Fighting "lose the wholc 

See FAITH, pale 19 

Monday, April ], 1989 13 

, , ; 
t 

; 
.. 

( \. 

EVERYTHING MUST GOI 
1(aJelcfoscope Cards • GIla 

4130 !.alolla VIllage Dr. 
(next to Anthony's 8: Penguin's Yogurt) 

451-9'31 
SAl. nARIS _L 111 · 

-Buy one Item. .. eecond Item of equal or te.er • 
... ". Ibr R Candy not Inducfed. 

TAKE A STEP IN A En: DlRECTIO 

New Zealand 
, 

St)<'n~"I'l"d b~ th~ EDI 'e ,\ TION ,\BHOAD PHOGI~A .\I 
• Earn UC Credit 

'. .' \. Financial Aid and 
ScholarshIps avaIlable 

.. Choose fro m locations at: 
.. ' INFORMATION .'. • Christchurch 

SESSION • Dunedin 
Thur>day, April 13t h 

12 noon·2 p.m. 

In ternationa l Center 
Lounge \, • Auckland • Palmerston North • Wellington 

.. , 

Call 534·1123 or visit the Opportunities Abroad Office 
ai/he Interna/jOlla/ Cellier for more illforma/ioll . 

APPlICATION DUDLINE: MAY 5th 

• Self service copiers 
• Volume discounts 
• Professors notes 
• Free Parking 

• Book Binding • Copies while you wait 
HOURS: 
M-TH 8:30-6:30, Fri. 8:30-6, Sat. 12,4 

3211 Holiday Court. La Jolla 
l\'~xt to St, Germain's 

451-"49 



14 Monda),. April 3. 1989 FEATURES 

Students Rally in Sacramento 
By ANDREA ADLEMAN 
ConrribuTing FeaTures EdiTOr 

"0 ur voice must be 
heard in Sacramento 
this spring!" declare 

a pamphlet entitled "What We 
Can Do About the Crisi in 
Education . . ... 

In 1988, the groups held a con-
ference at Stanford University 
entitled "Taking Action For Our 
Future ." There they drafted their 
demand into the "Education Bill 
of Rights," a document whose 
highlight include equal oppor-
tunities for all students and a 
greater national emphasis on 
education. 

at the April lO march and rally. 
As printed in the pamphlet, the 

groups want : 
• to stop the budget cuts that 

clo e schools, cut important pro-
grams, and underpay teachers; 

ference, will speak again at Spring 
Action '89. 

Samoa Koria , a Third College 
senior and member of APSA, 
participated in the 1987 march 
and is currently involved in Spring 
Action '89 . He believes that by 
uniting, students can meet their 
goals. 

"We have had an impact just by 
coming together as students ," 
Koria said . Speculating on the 
prospect of the groups' demands 
becoming law, he feels that 

The UCSD Guardian 

through "working together with 
sympathetic legislative folks, ... 
the possibility is real." 

CAPSA member and Muir 
College junior Jim Edwards pla -
ce similar emphasi on unity. 

"It's really important that we 
get a lot of people out [to the 
April lO march] because as stu-
dents, the voice that we have is in 
our showing up at the [state] 
capitol and pre enting ourselves 
to the governor," Edwards said. The pamphlet addresses the 

concerns and goals of Spring 
Action'89, a march a nd rally on 
April 10 aimed at California legis-
lators and Governor Deukmejian. 

Spring Action '89 aro e due to 
the fact that the tate Legislature 
will be deciding on the Master 
Plan for Higher Education this 
spring. The Master Plan will set 
the guidelines for higher educa-
tional policy in California for the 
next 25 years. 

• support tor AB 98, which pro-
vides funds from Proposition 98 
for K-12and community colleges; 
• the $64 million Oeukmejian 

promised to community college 
in AB 1725; 
• to stop using SAT tests, which 

are culturally biased , for college 
admissions; 

'Talking Trees' 
The student orga nizat ions in-

volved are the Move miento Estu-
diantil Chicano de Aztlan 
(M E hAl, Africanl Black Student 

tatewide Alliance (A J BSSA), 
and AsianJ Pacific Islander Stu-
dent Union (A PS U). According 
to the pamphlet, they intend to 
petition legislators in order "to 
in ure that our vision for a fai r 
and quality education becomes 
state law." 

The three Third World student 
networks have an extensive his-
tory of campaigning for their 
vision. One major activity was 
their 1987 March on acramento 
for Ed ucation. 

UCSD graduate Joe Wainio 
wa one of the students in attend-
ance at the 1987 march . Accord-
ing to Wai nio, the march drew 
7,000 people, making it the largest 
rally in Sacramento si nce the 
Vietnam Wa r. 

Wainio is a member of the 
California Alliance of Progressive 

tudent Activists (CAPSA), one 
of several groups working on 
Spring Action '89 with MEChA, 
A I BSSA and APSU. 

The Third World tudent net-
works and the associated groups 
will present the following demands 

• ethnic studies as a graduation 
requirement; 
• tough anti-racism clauses in all 

student conduct codes. 
The Reverend Jesse Jackson, 

who spoke at the Stanford con-

AIDS Portraits 
Continued from pale 12 
and of str~ngth . " Callery con-
tinued . 

Callery feels that having "Por-
traits in the time of AIDS" at 
UCSD erve other purposes also. 

" We teach photography here at 
the Crafts Center and we try to 
have exhibitions that will inspire 
our st udents to lea rn their craft. 
Ce rtainly Ro aHnd Solomon's 
photographs arc . .. a show that is 
related to that," Callery said . "It's 
something for our students to 
shoot for. 

"That' the main reason why 
we have [the exhibit], but also the 
subject matter i something that i 
really important to me personal-
ly." 

Solomon place imi la r im por-

tance on the lives of PL WAs. The 
often-used phrase "AIDS victim" 
is noticeably absent in her sta te-
ment, a reflection of her emphasis 
on life. 

A Sokolowski notes, "the pho-
togra phs are conversations with 
the persons living with AIDS. 
The most unexpected , a nd there-
fore the most shocking aspect of 
the work is its very normalcy, its 
lack of ·otherness.' .. 

In the artist's statement, Solo-
mon eliminate the popular notion 
of PL WAs' "otherness." Reject-
ing the association between 
PL W As and death, she brings a 
ense of universality to her work : 

" Because all life leads inevi tably 
to death, these pictures are about 
all of us." 

Continued from pale 13 
ries'tree," Beebe said. The master 
tapes are controlled from a secret 
location on campus, Beebe added. 

The "music" tree is located on 
the western side of the eucalyptus 
'groves. It plays' various song , 
many of which were specially made 

for the tree by friendS ot' Allen. 
Songs played on the tree include 
"I Know Sometimes a Man is 
Wrong," by David Byrne, "Mona 
Lisa Squeeze My Guitar," by 
country rock artist Joe Ely, and 
"Let Freedom Ring," by a Thai 
band. 

The "poems and stories" tree, 
located near the Student Health 
Center, features selections picked 
by Allen such as "Blind Katie and 
Some Road Kills ," by Boyd 
Wright. It also plays a cheerlead-
er's murder confession from a 
1950s movie based on a real life 
event of a jealous cheerleader kill-
ing another cheerleader. 

The tree also features the sound 
of F-14 Tomcats. The airplane 
sounds, which the listener may 
think are coming from the skies 
overhead, are supposed to sug-
gest that "there's no difference 

between the real and the imagi-
nary," Beebe explained. 

The third tree, dubbed the 
"silent" tree, is located next to 
Central Library. It stands alone 
against the sky. 

"There's a place for everything, 
including silence. I think that's 
what Terry would say," Beebe 
said. 

The "silent" tree will be removed 
and put into storage when con-
struction begins on the Central 
Library expansion project, Beebe 
said . It will be "replanted" in a 
new location in several years when 
the expansion project is com-
pleted . 

The master tapes have been 
revised two or three times since 
the tree project was completed in 
April of 1986, Beebe said . She 
added that the Stuan Collection 
is considering soliciting original 
contributions from students to be 
played on the trees. 

Beebe said that the trees are 
popular with visitors. "People who 
see the trees say they'd like to have 
one for themselves . But Terry's 
not going to do them. It's a special 
thing he did for here." 

THE PUB 
IS BACK 

If R T CI1I\Ys~,J2 

FOR TWO WEEKS! 
, 

Come Everyone. 
This Friday, Apr" 6th is 

KSDT night from 5:00-7:00. 

Saturday the 7th is a 
Save The Pub Party! 

day , Guardian! Afore info in Thurs s 

This is prime time for 
choosing AnCarved. 
Because now - and only 
now - can you get savings 
like these on the finest 
college ring. Every b'Old 
ArtCarved style is on sale 
- from 10K ... to 14K ... to 
18K, the truly elite choice. 
Note the date, time and 
place for this special sale. 
We'll see you there! 

The Qutl/ity. 
The Craftsmanship. 
The Reward You JJeseroe. 

University Bookstore 
[UJ[I L§5[DJ 

Representatives from ArtCarved will be in front of 
the bookstore April 21-23 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. 

DePOSlt Required [II Z 

Monday. AprilJ. 1989 15 

For state-of-the-art computers, calculators, software and more. 

Pi] ~!~K~~6 
HP-14B Business 

Calculator 
Students: Make the most of 

your study time with this 
easy-to-use calculator. 

Calculators 

Model EL-S12 II 
powerful, programmable 
scientific calculator with 

127 functions. 

HP-22S Scientific 
Calculator for Students 
Don't waste study time 

studying your calculator. Try 
a calculator that's easy to use. 

~ . 
. 

.-

Model EL-506A 
Ten-digit scientific 
calculator with Memory 
SafeGuard, 

HP-32S Scientific 
Calculator 

The perfect solution when 
you need a little more. All the 

functions you need plus the 
efficiency of RPN. 

i -JJ~S5?""'; 
I .lid! :.E 
. ~i!lI!f •• 1III 
, iJllIi ... ~t!I 
i l!!Jl!!I."IIIEII 
. • aaiil= 
! DUUElC-
Daaflica· 
uchiaa 

Now there's more in the Apple- Macintosh-
family to choose from than ever before, with six 
computers to meet every personal computing need. 

Sralt with the Macintosh Plus, the Macintosh SE, 
and the Macintosh SFJ30. These integrated 
systems offer the affordability, ease of use, and 
consistency of applications traditionally associated 
with Macintosh. 

And their compact design makes them easy to 
transpolt, wherever you go. 

Now meet the modular side of the family: the 
Macimosh II, Macintosh IIx, and the newest member, 
the very versatile Macintosh IIcx. These expandable, 
high-perfonnance computers can be configured for 
virtually any task. You choose the amount of RAM, 
the type of monitor, and the storage capacity of the 
hard disk, which means you can build a ~ystem to 
handle everything from desktop pUblishing to 
scientifIC and engineering applications. 

BUI no matter which system you chOC' ., you're 
still getting aU the advantages of a Macimosh. 

See us todaYi we'll help you choose wisely. 
o 1989 ~ ~. Iw: .. dw Afr1t q.,. und MIIOIOOIit artll'glS/mlll ""''-*'"..".~. Iw: 

CASIO~ 
Programmable 

Graphic Calculator 
fx-BOOOG with 
255 functions 

- -emoeeo COC::H~CCJ 
occoCJc

1 000000 ClClOClCC 
.aaoo 
aaa •• 
••••• a.mBI%! 

·Text display: 16 
columns x Slines 
(128 Characters) 
·Graphics display: 
% dots x 64 dots 
• High utility variation 
of program steps and 
data memories 
·Graphic functions 
• File editor function 
(1,917 steps) 
• Print function 
• Data recorder functions 
(SAVE, LOAD, VERIFY) 
• Perfect entry system 
• Instant replay function 
• Regression analysis 

."'--'~"'IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIII-:_~ 

Portable Typewriters 

340 Correctronic 

• "Word-spell" built-in 
electronic spelling 
dictionary with over 
60,000 pre-programmed 
words, error-locating 
"FIND" feature, plus 190 
user programmable 
words 
-4,000 character 
memory stores and 
prints information 
• Bold printing 

5-year limited 
warranty 

(Plus more typewriters 
in stock!) 

Choose here. 

Fli .. HEWLETT 
a::~ PACKARD 

HP-42S RPN Scientific 
Calculator 
Power to handle all 
your tough problems. 
And it's the best one 
available for matrix and 
vector math. 

HP-28S Advanced 
Scientific Calculator 
Unparalleled in science 
and engineering. The 
broadest range of 
numeric and symbolic 
solutuions available 
on a calculator. 



16 MOl/da)'. April J . 1989 

'. 

A vailable now at the i:. 
University Bookstore 

( ) 

UCSD 
Tank Tops 

twO styles 

LA JOLLA 
or 

$8.50 and up 

Fanny Packs 

( ) 

$10.95 $8.95 

Sale price: $21.95 

Monday. April 3. 1989 17 

Buy your textbooks during our extended hours ... 
and sell last quarter's books at buy back! -

Refund information: 

REMEMBER 
Do not mark your books until 
you are sure you will keep them. 
SAVE YOUR CASH 
REGISTER RECEIPT. 

REFUND POLICY: 

1. Refunds must be accompanied 
by a cash register receipt. 

2. New books must be clean, binding 
perfect and in mint (absolutely 
new) condition. No names, writing 
or other marks will be accepted. 

3. Used books must be in 
resaleable condition. 

4. Merchandise is to be returned 
within two weeks of purchase 
date or within the first week of 
the start ofthe current quarter. 

5. On check purchases, a cash refund 
will be granted two weeks after 
the date of the transaction. 

AprilS, 6, 7 
9 a.m. -4 p.m. 

Under the tent in 
front of the bookstore. 

April 3,4: 7:45 a.m.-8 p.m. 
April 5,6: 7:45 a.m.-7 p.m. 
April 7: 7:45 a.m.-6 p.m. II 10 

. g Telephone numbers 
Customer Service 534-3770 

Textbooks 534-4557 
Book Information 534-3149 

Supplies 534-3786 
Computer Center 534-4291 

Film, Gifts and Clothing 534-4248 

, 8 

Regular hours resume April 8 



I 

, . 

18 Monda!, . April J. 1989 

We have 
what 
it takes 
and we 
have it 
for less 

Large !ita . 
von Go~~rn White 

To/ens Va 
n Gogh Oils 

Brushes 
~rfl/a 777S #6 

rnbacher 579 #4 
Turpent· 

8.75 

2.95-3.95 
4.98 

1.79-2.39 

Pro/;:e SUbstitute 
One Pint 

All Pur:p 
OSe Drol.I' 

3.70 
7. 79 

5.95 Strf'ri+,. YVlng P ~" 'rnore 400-8 oPer 
Canvas 

Unprlrned 
Weight co!r9d/urn On dUck 

StretCher B 
24' Ors 
36' 
48' 

70.45 

.95 
7.69 

2.55 

1.98 
.75 

2.98 

6.98 

.55 
1.15 
1.69 

VA 105A 

Newsprint p~~" 
Pro/Art 18" X 

d Charcoal Cornpresse 
AiphOcoior I 4 stiCKS 

o Chalk pastels • 
12 color sel AlphOCoior I 

Drawing pa~OO-8 18-)( 24-
strathmOre I 

pend\s Drawing HB and 6B Stoedtler, 

o 

List 
Price 

BOOKstore 
Price 

5.20 3.25 

35¢ ea. 25¢ ea. 

4.05 3.25 

10.45 6.9& 

65¢ ea. 55¢ ea· 

The UCSD Guardian 

International Faith 
Continued from pale 13 suits the situation ," Gruber ex-
meaning of your religion .. . none plained. " We need to have laws 
of them say there should be war. for today, for modern problems." 
All of them say don't kill your This system "keeps the faith 
neighbor, love your enemy," she together . .. if everybody was 
continued. . interpreting it in their own way, 

" If every one of these people then it is going to start dividing ... 
just studies their own religion in like Christianity [which] beca me 
the true way . . . then you would so diversified, it lost it s meaning," 
not have any kind of warfare she said. 
between religions. I think eventu- Baha 'is believe that marriage is 
ally people will realize Iha t i the a commitment which should be 
only wa y to bring peace," Gruber preserved if possible, but if, a fter 
added. a year-long separation, the cou-

Baha 'is would be satisfied to pie's differences cannot be re-
live peacefully with other religions, solved, divorce is acceptable. They 
"as long as people don't think that a lso accept abortion under cer-
their own religion is superior," tain conditions, Gruber aid . 
she explained. 

People most often find out 
about the Baha'i religion through 
friends or on their own initiative, 
because Baha'is "do not go about 
door to door telling people about 
it," she said. They emphasize that 
people should investigate the truth 
for themselves. 

Although Gruber's parents are 
Baha'is, she did not become one 
herself until she was 15. This is 
because "you are not born a 
Baha'i, you have to decide when 
... you have the maturity to rea-
son out your feelings ," he ex-
plained. 

Although ideas and decisions 
are made at the "grass roots" 
level, according to Gruber, the 
Baha'is hold elections each year. 
The people elect representatives 
to the Local Spiritual Assembly. 
This Assembly elects the national 
representatives, and the national 
representatives elect the Univer-
sal House of Justice which gath-
ers in Haifa, Israel. 

"The Universal House of Jus-
tice is the main interpreter of the 
writings. They go to the writings 
and illterpret them in a way that 

"We think that even-
tually the VIIorld is 
going to become uni-
ted ... we have to 
eliminate different 
kinds of prejudices. " 

-Firozeh Gruber 

There are about 15 Baha'is at 
UCSD and they meet with a 
group from SDSU. There is a 
national coordinating committee 
for Baha'i collegiates. 

There is a series of programs on 
World Peace at the Baha'i Center 
coordinated by Margaret Hough. 
On March II , Hengemeh Mota-
ghed and Dr. Mohirer Rahmani 
spoke on women internationally. 

Motaghed spoke about the 
impact of children's environments 
on their sexual development. She 
defined sexual development as 
the "personality characteristics 
attributed to people on the basis 
on their sex," or "roles people 

FEATURES 
assume for them elves on the basis 
of their maleness and femaleness." 

She warned that stereotyping 
does not take into account the 
individuality of people. Parents 
influence their children to act 
"male" or "female" with toys, 
clothes, room decorations, and 
th eir a c tions towa rd s th eir 
children. 

People have traditionall y 
thought of females as caring, sen-
si tive, a nd intuiti ve while they 
have credit ed males with being 
ambitious, self-relia nt, and inde-
pendent , she said . A more con-
temporary view of an adju ted 
and re ponsible person has a 
combina tion of a ll these traits, 
she added. 

Motaghed quoted stat is t ics 
which found men more healthy 
(mentally and physically) when 
they were married, while women 
were healthier if they were single. 
These statistics, she said, are a 
reflection of women's dissatisfac-
tion with their position either as 
housewives or as worki ng women 
trying to take care of their child-
ren and homes in their spare time. 

Rahmani discussed the passive 
role assigned to women In Islamic 
societies. She described the socie-
ties' intolerance for singleness. 
Women are married very young, 
soon after pUberty. Men often 
take more than one wife, and 
divorce is possible, but there is a 
"psychological torture to keep 
people married," she said. 

Rahmani explained that every 
time a women goes through men-
struation, it is considered a crime 
because she is losing a potential 
child . Also, extramarital sex is 
forbidden. Men who are disco-
vered to be having such relations 
are ostracized and their whole fam-
ily is put to shame. For women, 
however, the punishment is much 
more serious because they can be 
stoned to death, Rahmani said. 

MICHAEL 
KEATON 

CHRISTOPHER 
llOYD 

PETER 
BOYLE 

STEPHEN 
RJRST 

This morning they were playing ping-pong in the hospital rec room. 
Now they're lost in New York and framed for murder. 

This was never covered in group therapy. 

The Dream Tea1l1 
Four guys on a field (rip 10 reality. 

IMAGL\I E.'1'ERUL~MEIIT ,.,." • CHRISTOPHER W. k1IlGlIT ,. •. ,. •• OOI'ARD ZlEFF IU '11IE DRf.A~ TWf' 
"~ LOOWNE weco ' ... ~ PW"i'lOIJ.Y. OA\1D tru:KA .~ OA\ 10 McHUGH _.:pS COO/W,Y. DAVID I.OOCXA 
11::I6~11j~ .n u • ;;;...-- .'"·~CHRlmwHERW ~IGIIT "''': lk1I:~]JEFF u:.':,:-:::: .. =~ ';:tir;~~~-~ 

OPENS APRIL 7TH AT A THEATRE NEAR YOU 

M onday. April J. 1989 19 

STUDY FOR ONE YEAR OR FOR ONE OR TWO TERMS IN 

Sr~'eraJ roliegnofOx(ord UnlvrrsllY havt' Invlltd Tht"Washington Intt'malionaJ StudlesCenter 
to rt"('t')mmrnd qualified ~tlI(tenrs to ,,'udy for ~ yf'ar or ror one or two Irnn5 Lower Junior 
~t.atu~ Is requi rf"d anc1 gnkhlall~ "SllIdv is a\'aHab~. SIU~nlS an: dlr~lI~ rnrolled In Ih~ir coll~ges 
.rnd r~~I\," Ir ; 1\S('nVf~ frolO'. II t:lr O\.(nrd ('flllrgt': th is IS NOTa program lUllducled by a tl S Col. 

I~R(" In Oxford A,po · 1.1\.. sum 11U 5e'SSlon I~ d l(,("Ifi:t by WISC. 

INTERN IN 
WASHINGTON. LONDON 

Wl5C: offers summer internships wuh Congl'ft8 with the Whil~ Hou9t. wtth the: media and 
wUh think tMlks. Government and JoumaJi.sm courses are taughl by Knior·level governmem 
officials. who ~ aJso scholars. and by experiellCt'd joumaJ ls15, Similar opponunlliH In public 
policy Intemshlps an: offered (with academic <=11.1 In London Wall. Spr1ng and Summerl 

WRSC The WuhtJlltOllllltenuatJoaaI8t.uU •• Ceater 2 14 Ma.seachuM'llS Avr . N.E Suitt 230 WulU"glon. 0 C. 2OOO'l(2021 ~7·3275 
~-------------------------~ FREE 

ELECTROLYSIS 
$30 VALUE (23 MINUTES) 

EYEBROWS 
UPPER LIP 

CHIN 
NECK 

FINGERS 
LEGS 

For ;t-tim~~~;:NE;~;' 4 / 17 / 89 ~ 
)\ \ ELECTROL YSIS ~ 
f J For Men & Women. All Female Staff 

Specializing in problem cases 
and sensitive skin 
GOLDEN TRIANGLE - LA JOllA 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., SUite 2121 
(behind Elephant Bar) 
CALL FOR APPT. 
558-0888 
~-------------------------~ 

June 26- August 18 
Main Session 
June l2- August 18 
Language Workshops 

Arch i lc~lu rc • 
Compuler Science . 
Educalion • Librarian, hlp • 
P ychology • English 
as a econd Language 
Businc • Languages . 
Sc iences . Lileratu re • 
To obl81O a free ,:uP) \}I I h~ Summer 
Session Bulletin . I,'OnIJlntnl!! full In tnrlllJ· 
ItOn and an applll.:alum . l'all ur "rlh: 

Summer Snsion 
22 Wheeler Hall 
UC Berkeley 
Berkeley. CA 94720 
(41 5) 642·5611 

Name ____________________________ __ 

Address ______________ _ 

School ______________ _ 



MONDAY. APRI L) 
, 1;)0·100 pm. - DROP I" AD\1SI'IG HOLR> For help 

I flndm~ dCliilrab\e pJ"·lImt: cmplnymrm, detf'nnmmg t:.lreer g(lJlc; "Carchmg ror joh .. or (xpl,mng prore..,liilonal or grddualc ~hOt'l Upporrunl.fI~ \!l.lppt"'llntment nelC-. Jt) JUC;I y,aJk 10 
lJrctr '<'r\'I~('\ Center i-rrc 

I TIJESDAY. APRIL .. UO-4-00 P m. - DROP·I" ~f1\1'I'\ldIOl R.' h" hclp""h 
I lJrCrf ~f!JI .. Job humJn~ ft'~umc pr('pJr,lIInn {'Il" '\;\"'1 Jp-pomtmt'm nC(.l~~s.ll'\ lU~ walk In (.urN ...... ·rvl((.· ... Ccnh:r 

WEDNESDA l'. APRIL ~ 

IU O.100 p.m.-flROP.I"AD\N,\C, HOLR> ~Nhdp", car('l'r gOdI .... p..m huntmg. rl"!tume prepJratlon el\,. \;0 
I polnfrnt'nt nell". 'Oar)" JU~t ".1lk In Career ~"'IC("S (cmcr Fret' 

l-OOpm -OCAMPl,I,\TER\1E\W-ll,ORIENTATION II 
\"ou .;Ire Jnteresu:'d In pJt1Iupalmg In the Carccr ScI"\'Ke ... 
(cnln ... on-c.:3mpu~ IOI('r\"u..'''lOg pro~ram rhl~ quantr II IS 
mandaror)" ,hal you attend one ('Illh('~ orlemallon~ before:- \'()u 
mlf',,'ICY, Carccr ~I'\'K(,'" Ccnt .. -r 
2.30 pm - THE MARKrTABlE RbUMF WORKSHOP 
1 (".1m how to con~lru{1 J "Idtc-of the-an rC"iume ,hat wll! mah' 
\"I)U ,Ianu OUI from the l rowd (.tr{'cr ~'f\"It""('S Cf"m('r 
THURSDAY. APRIL 6 
1:00 p.m. - O:-'·LAMPI..:S 1t-.'TER\1fWlr>;G ORIENT AnON If 
you <1ft' lnlcrc'led In PJmcl~tlng an the Car('cr ServlC.:es 
Cemrr"s oncampu"i interviewing pr\)gram (hi)' qUJncr It IS 
mJndatory that you a!tend one t"'lf the'S(: onenlallonsbefore you 
ImCI"\ ley, Career "'te"'Il~ eCOIer 
1.)0 p m. - INTERVlE\\1,\C, SKIll-' WORKSHOP Do)'oo 

I m'w hdp In prcpanng ror Joh Inl('I"\'I(""'" eafen Sef\.·ll.~ Crnter .... 111 pro,"uJc UJY.'I on tht' tx-... , ""3)'" 10 prcst'nt your 
quallfll..1t1on .. and "h.1( kind or Inff'I'\'lew que<;;uon'li to expect 
(drct'r ')cf\.'lcr'li Center 
UO-4:00 p.m - DROP·IS AD\lSI"G HOURS lor help 
finding dC"itrdhll' pan lime cmp!nymt'nl Jt:lcrmlnmg caret"T 
gOJ!.., Jnh hunting. rc)um", pn:pJralll1n ('fl,. "\0 JppoJnlmrm 

n('(~~"""f\ jU<;;! IA.Jlk In Carecr 'X"'YlCt~ ( t:ntt'r ht"f' 
FRIDAY. APRIL 7 

1.)0·100 p.m. - DROP·I'I AD\1<'I"G HOUR.S ror hrlp ""h 
~Jrt'Tr goaJ~ Job hunting n.· ... ume prep.u.lllnn CII .. ;\,' JP' 
po"nt mt'm nel..{"~'Ij,,]I)· JUst ".Ilk In C,Hen SrrYI{t". Cf'ntrr frt't 
1'00 P In. - LI FECTIVF JOB '~ARCII , rRA TEGY l!O 
pt'rl"t>nt III all Jon \lJ(:JnI..1C"o art" unJu\"('rtl'>C.:d ThiS y,nrbhop 
"111 Ic.1(:h \'llU thr Inlrol dlt'ltl\"l' ..... 1)" to rind chern LifTer 
Servile", Ccnt£"r 

6:00 p,m, -Student ~uppcrs r('",umc, h(lS(cd b}' Ihe Luther;!n 
t l)mmUnlt)' ;11 UCSD F\'{"r),onc " welcome UnlVl'r..UY 
LUl hrrJIl ("hurt:h .1lr1h5 du' Slrf'{'t from Rtvd lc C.ollcg(' 
7.00 pm B,hl< <Iud) led h) (.amp'" P'<I"r John Huh", 
The WPll I"John I~ l)" l'oml' UOI\'(.'I"">II) llllh{"rJn C hurch, 
,lln)s'" Ihl~ StrCCI from Rcvelle Cnllq~c 
SUNDAY. APRIL 9 
10 ;00 a, m , - IUlhrl'.lO \Vfjr~hlp c;..'r\ KC All ar(' v.cknml' 
lJOI\CrSII} LUlhn.m Chun.: h .• l(f( .... " the liilr(.'l'l from Rl'\,(>!IC 

olleR< 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS Monday, April3, 1989 21 

B.l. s Sports Trivia Quiz 
• Send 'he emry on an 8 1/ 2" by II" 

piece of paper along wi,h your name, 
year in school. Ihe college you attend 
01 UCSD. major, homelown, address. 
and phone number 10 Sports Edilor. 
UCSD Guardian. 8-016, La Jolla, 
CA 92093. If you prefer, YO!I may 
drop it offin Ihe sports edilor's box at 
Ihe Guardian office, loca,ed just 
southeast of Ihe Humani,ies Under-
graduate Library and nexllo Ihe Chi-
Cafe. 

• All UCSD sludenls, slall and/ar-
u/ly are eligible to emer, except for 
Guardian sla// members and em-

plo)'ees 0/ B.J. s Chicago Pizzeria. 
• The person who camel' up wi,h 

1110S1 co"eel answers will be declared 
'he winner. and will be recognized 
when the quiz is primed the next 
Monday. In the event of a lie. a draw-
ing will be held 10 del ermine Ihe 
winner. 
• Only anI' enlry per person. Entries 

muSI be al Ihe Guardian by 5 p.m. 
Saturday. 
• Winners will receive IWO $5 gift 

cerrijicales redeemable at 8.J. :r Chi· 
cago Pizzeria, localed in the La Jolla 
Village Square Convenience Center. 

THIRD COLLEGE NEEDS YOU! 
Paid Position Available: 

Dean's Interns (2) - Summer Position 
Team SOL (Student Outreach Leaders) 

(20) - Academic Year 1989-90 
Volunteer Positions Available: 

Third Word Newsletter Editor 
(1) - Academic Year 1989-90 

Third Word Newsletter Staff 
(open) - Academ ic Year 1989-90 

Details available in Third College Dean's Office or call 534-4390. 
Applications w ill not be accepted after April 17th at 4:30 p.m. 

For additional info or questions contact: 
BARBARA ARMSTRONG 534-4390 

uality film and 
film developing 

at the 

You receive a second set of 
color prints free every day! 

Springtime Special 
April 3--8, Two for one: 

Get one 5" x 7" or 8" x 10" 
enlargement of the 
same size free with 

every order! 
(OtTer good from same 

set of negatives 
only.- No slides. 
No limi~ring 
in as many as 

you like.) 

Store hotn: 
Monday-Friday 

7:45 a.m.-5:15 p.m. 
Sarurday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

Closed Sundays and Holidays 

• 

T his week 's questions: 
I. Artis Gilmore was on what 

ABA team before playing 
with the Spurs in the NBA'! 

2. Who beat UCLA to stop the 
Bruins' 88-game men's bas-
ketball winning streak in 
I 974? 

3. Who won the first NCAA 
Division I college basketball 
title in 1939? 

4. How many sets did it take 
Billie Jean King to dispose of 
Bobby Riggs in the five set 
match in 1973 that was 
dubbed the "tennis match of 
the century?" 

5. What three major golf tour-
naments did Ben Hogan win 
in 1953? 

6. Why does Roger Maris' sin-
gle season home run record 
have an asterisk by it? 

7. Babe Didrickson Zaharias was 
AP's female athlete of the 
year how many times? 

8. What two teams in the I 980s 
have played in back-ta-back 
Super Bowls? 

9. Syracuse basketball star 
Sherman Douglas has what 
nickname? 

10. Where do the New York Met 
hold spring training? 

The home of the 
49¢ hatnburger. 

! l m U~l)olft1ld~ M 
.. -L &!lou, I , 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
lL-'-.I!!!!I!~-~~~1!! ~~!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!~!!!!!!!!!!!! ~ 
II 
II 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL 
Quarter Pounder ' with Cheese. Medium Fry, 

Medium-Size Soft Drink II 
II II Limit one c oupon per I I customer. per viSit. Please >Just $1 99 :1 

present coupon when II ordering Not val id With (plus tax) II I I any other offer Onty at: II 
7140 Miramar Rd.@ 

Son Diego ~Goodthru ~ May 15, 19119 1237 I'r0tpeCt "N\ .... La Jolla ,-~ 
-------

iii ____ iiiiiiiii_iii 

UC SAN DIEGO 
_---,~_W 0 MEN SeA U C U S 

NATIO:-.1AL ISSUES FORUM & 
~P-R~E~S ~E~~T~S~~--~~~~~ 

A:-\ EVE~ING WITII TilE H()~OR.'\B L E 

SHIRLEY 
CHISHOLM 

AmRMATIVE ACTION: hno THE 90's 
ApRIl. 14, FRIDAY, 8:00 P.M. 
PRICE CE!'-:TER BALLROOM 

G.A. 59.00, UCSD FAC/STM1' & R. mZESS 58 .00 
TUDEJo.'TS 55 .00 

[It.,'TEkPIUiTED PO,," TI re HhAlUNG lMPAa.EO 

• 
Tlc n "Ts AVAD...UlJi AT 

U 0 Box OFFICB & nat'" ......... 
534 -4559 .. ___ ..... ~ ._ • 

.. =~:':.'=-~ ;.:".~:;It 

PRODUCbO 8Y UCSD's UNIVUSITY EVENTS & STUDENT A CTIVITLE O}rJCI! 

I 
,I 
'I 

• 



f 

22 M onday. April 3. 1989 

LET'S COMMUNICATE. 

You can't get a new laptop computer at this 
price anywhere in the U.S.! 
Only $1699 (Regular $1999) 

SuperSport 
286 Laptop 
Package includes: 

-Free 2400 Baud Modem 
-Mac LapUnk or PC LapLink 
-I Mb RAM 

SuperSport -HR 
Package includes: 

-20 Mb Hard Disk 
-1200 Baud Modem (internal) 
-Canytng case 
-Microsoft Works software 
-8088 processor 
-8/4.77 MHz 
-Backlit LCD display 
-DOS 3.3+ included 
-Detachable/rechargeable battery pack 

-20 Mb Hard Disk $3110 (20 Mb) $3445 (40 Mb) 

Plus these desktop specials: 
Z-286 LP 40 with FfM monitor $2889 
Z-386 40 with FTM monitor $3779 

Ask about the new Z-386 model with 25 Mhz CPU! 

University Bookstore 
Computer Center 
534-4291 

University Bookstore 
n OCC::~[OJ 

Hours: Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-5: 15 p.m. 
Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

Closed Sundays and Holidays 

The UCSD Guardian 

Steroids 
Continued from pale 16 
must also accompany a ban on 
steroids. 

I feel there are other, more 
important reasons to ban steroids. 
As an example of how unfair ster-
oids can be to athletics, take a 
look at last summer's Olympics. 
In my opinion, and that of many 
others, Carl Lewis is the fastest 
human being alive. However, he 
lost to Ben Johnson in the 100-
meter dash by more than a full 
meter. Why? Because Johnson 
was on steroids. He was caught 
and had to surrender his medal. 

This story points out exactly 
why steroids must be banned. 
There are a great deal of athletes 

who refuse to use them for medi-
cal and personal reasons. Those 
athletes that do use them, how-
ever, have a tremendous advan-
tage over those who don't, 

There is another reason why 
steroids should be banned. When 
professional or other high-profile 
athletes use them, younger ath-
letes find them attractive. Ste-
roids, however, can halt growth, 
something I would consider to be 
a major side effect. In addition, 
teenagers are at the height of their 
naturally anabolic state. There 
are tremendous amounts of natu-
ral steroids in their systems. Injec-
tions or orals, no maller what is 
said , simply do not help a grow-
ing athlete. However, there is an 
alarming trend of steroid use in 

SPORTS 
both high school and college 
(most college athletes have stop-
ped growing, but some continue 
~rowt;l into their 20s). 

How can the colleges, high 
schools, and professional leagues 
prevent the use of steroids? The 
only real answer, one that is 
frowned upon by many, is the use 
of random testing. 

I am not saying random testing 
should be applied to all walks of 
life, and for a major reason. Who 
in this country, at this time, are 
the heroes? Sorry, but business 
people and newspaper writers 
don't quite make the grade. The 
real heroes are those people on 
the field , the athletes. If these 
people are going to be idols and 
role models, they should live up 
to it. 

WE WANT YOU TO 
• Enhance your resume 

• Gain valuable communication and 
negotiation skills 

• Earn $5 to $10 per hour 
• Work flexible hours on campus 

• Help our hard working team maintain 
the excellent standards of UCSD 

Call Jennifer at 587-1589 for more Infotlilation 

--- -----------

-- -------------

W_ Tennis 
Continued from pale 32 
Iy one doubles win to clinch the 
team victory, and the doubles 
combo of Christine Behrens and 
Nancy Calhoun provided that 
win. 

One significant individual per-
formance was turned out by 
UCSD's Kristen Diels, who, 
though recovering from a highly 
unusual bow-and-arrow accident, 
managed to win her singles match. 

"Everybody was hurting at the 
end of last quarter," LaPlante 
said about her players . "But 
they're gelling healthy now." 

Monday, April3. 1989 23 

And at the right time. The Trit-
ons have a chance to ensure them-
selves of an automatic bid in the 
Nationals when they compete 
against rival Pomona-Pitzer this 
Friday, but they will still have an 
excellent chance to be selected 
even if they lose, as their excellent 
record would indicate. 

The Tritons' top-seeded Chris-
tine Behrens, currently 11-3, has 
the opportunity to avenge the loss 
she suffered in the finals of the 
National Tournament last year to 
Carolyn Bodart of Menlo Col-
lege. Bodart was ranked number 
one in the preseason rankings, 
and will face Behrens today when 
the Tritons host Menlo at 3 p.m. 
on the Muir Courts. 

PLEASE CALL FOR AN M'POINTMENT 
COLLEGE 7028 a ()J~ &ow. 463-5052 
MILLClliT 409l.NIVEQSIT~ M. 291-CUTS 

UC 

OCEAN BEACM 4882 ~WP011' ~VE. 222-3777 
PACIFIC BEACH 1447 GA0lT ~VE. 273-CUTS 

SAN DIE G 0 = = =======;] 
NATIONAL ISSUES FORUM 

THIRD'S 
TOWN MEETING 

Ever wonder who your dean and provost are? 

Do you know who's on your student council? 

Come meet and voice your opinions with them. 

When: Tues., April 11 

Where: Oceanview Lounge 

nme: 7-9 p.m. 

Topic of Discussion: 
• Third curriculum, general ed requirements 

20th anniversary celebration 

FREE REFRESHMENTS AND RAFFLE DRAWING 
TO ALL WHO ATTEND 

"We want to hear what 
ou have to " ... , ... , 
~=~~~~:~:~:~~:~:~~~:~~~:~:~:~:~:~=~=~:~:~~~~=~=~=~=~=~:~:~=~=~=~~~:~:~:}~ 

-:-:-:-:-::-:-:-:-::-:-:-:-..~-:-:-:-:-=-:-:-:-=-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-: 
---------------------------------------------- -

-----------------------------------------------

------ ...... --- ----

----------- ---

PRESENTS 

AN EV ENING WITH 

JEAN-MICHEL 
COUSTEAU 
REDISCOV ERY O F TI-JE W O RLD 

APRI L 10, M01\DAY, 8:00 P.M . 
PRI CE ENTER BALLROOM 

G.A. 59.00, UCSD FAC/STAFI. & S • . CITIZENS 58.00 
Tum.NTS 55 .00 

• 
TlCJ..BTS AYAIlAAL.B AT 

U CSD Box OtF.C8 ... ~~-..... 
5 34· 4559 " ___ '*-~ __ 

__ ", ___ , . 1",. 
lot-f _ " _ _ •• ,>9 1n. 

=~ PRODUCED lIY UCSD's UNlVEJI.SlTY EVEm'S &: STUDENT ACTIVITIES Orne!! 



24 Afondar, Aprtl J, 1989 

Use the ASUCSD Book Trader Board. 

It's not too late! You have two weeks to 
I sell your textbooks back to the Bookstore_ 
I Buy a cheaper book or sell yours for twice 
the Bookstore buy-back price. 

Call 534-4450 or come by the A.S. Office 
and fill out your ad card today! 

We're Moving!!! 
Associated Students and Student Organization Of-
fice.will be moving.to its ~ew sp'ace in the Price Center on 
Apn110. You canTrnd us In BUilding Three, Level Three. 
Our phone number will remain the same as before: 534-
4450. Come visit us in our new home, 

A.S. f~~m SeW~e$ 
;JUT ,AGEOUS A IMATIO wn~~ iQ)@ ~1Iil@wlfil @Ifil ~~I?no ~fr lfil nlfil 

" TI (:llu afr ~:~@~~o ~©lrMln~n@1fil n~ @1fil~W @@ ©@Ifilfr~o 

• d 

Triton Fest '89 
Carnival atmosphere on UCSD campus!!! 

Come join us for food , fun , and games on Friday, April 14th from 
12-6 PM between Urey Hall and the Gym. Event sponsored by 
UCSD Athlete 's COtJncil and Intercollegiate Teams. 

• • 

ARE YOU FRUSTRATED AND ANGRY? Then you need the A.S . Student 
Advocate Office. Designed to counsel and represent student who have problems 
in the following areas: 

'Contesting or appealing grades. 
'Studentrr eacher Relations 
'Conduct Violations 
'DiSCrimination 
'Univeristy Employemnt 
"Housing, Health and Welfare 
-Procedural P roblems 
"Financial Aid 
·[tc. 

nlE A.S. STUDENT ADVOCATE, BARD-ALAN rlNLAN IS IIERF TO 
HELP YOU! You can contact him in the AS Ofke at 5314":;0 ,,( )1 I( I 
the A.S. Offices, upstairs III Studenl Center A, Abo\l! ED:,\A 

DON'T MISS IT! 
FRIDAY, APRIL 7TH 

TODAY IS THE LAST DAY TO FILE 
FOR A.S. ELECTIONS!!! 

Do it now!!! Don't miss your opportunity to bc 
a student leader! Go to the A.S. Office and sec 
Patty to pick up the forms. They must be turned in 
thv 4:00 om TODAY, no exceptions! Get Involved 
- Run for Office!! 

UCSD AWARENESS DAY AT MESA COLLEGE 
UCSD Awareness Day at Mesa College will take place on April 11 th 
and 12th, If you are interested in participating on any level, please 
contact Maynard in the A.S. Office (534-4450). 

GRAND OPENING CHARITY BALL 
Mr. Jay Gatsby would like to invite you to "Strangers in the Night," 
a party to be held in honor of the Grand Openi ng of the Price Center. 
It will be held on April 22, 1989 in the Grand Ballroom. Black Tie or 
Twenties attire is requested. Refreshments and dancing entertain-
ment will be provided for your pleasure. The evening's entertain-
ment will begin promptly at 9 PM. 
(A Charity Ball to be held for Student Scholarships sponsored by 
ASUCSD and UCB. ) Admisston is $25 per couple and $15 single I 
for students. Regular admission is $40 per couple and $25 smgle. 
Tickets are available at the Box Office . J 

, /',,,.{ .\111'1)/1'11/1')/1) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Preview 
Continued from paRe 28 
lack of a better alternative. This team will never 
challenge, and the pitching staff could be the worst 
in baseball. The Royals could easily finish last , but 
111 give 'em a break . After all, it's not nice to make 
fun of the elderly. 
6. Minnesota - Not a chance. These guys resem-
ble colliding molecules the way they bounce around 
that parachute / balloon they call a ballpark. One of 
them, and it could very well be Kirby Puckett, is 
liable to bounce right out of the place at any 
moment. Pitcher Frank Viola is going to wake up 
a{ld realize that last year didn't really happen, but he 
could challenge for a spot in the starting rotation at 
Kenosha (A). The Twins could also compete for the 
cellar. 
7. Oakland - The early favorite for this spot. This 
cocky team is letting all oflast year's success get to its 
head, and is primed for an immediate sink to the 
bottom of the ocean. Jose Canseco, out for a month , 
will return sometime in May and then hit at a more 
appropriate .150 clip - leading the league in stri-
keouts by a mile . The pitching staff will fall apart 
like a collapsing bridge, and Dennis Eckersley will 
give up so many game-winning homers that he will 

~ive up baseball and move to a bomb shelter. 
AL EAST 
l. Baltimore - With the likes of Jo e Bautista. 
Craig Worthington , and Mickey Tettleton, the Ori-
oles will surprise everyone and win this one going 
away. Their new stopper in the pen, Brian Holton, 
will probably not settle for 30 saves. He wants 40, 
and I don't think anybody will get in his way. The 
Randy Milligan/ Jim Traber platoon could hit over 
.350 with 125 R B\. Thi is not 10 mention what 
Brady Anderson and Joe Orsulak are capable of 
doing. This could be a dynasty well into the year 
2000. 
2. Cleveland - Not nearly as much talent as Bal-
timore, but the shortstop/ second base combo of 
Felix Fermin and Jerry "Governor" Browne could 
be the best such duo of all time , defensively and 
offensively. Catcher Andy Allanson will hit at least 

SPORTS 
30 home runs, and Rich Yett may yet win 20. If 
Baltimore slacks off al all , the Indians have an out-
side shot. . 
3. Detroit - He's made some great moves in his 
time, but Sparky Anderson's move to start Torey 
Lovullo at first base could be the besl move he's ever 
made. But Lovullo, who's liable to steal 120 bases 
and glove everything this side of Lake Ontario, can't 
carry the whole team. A great deal rests on the 
shoulders of Charles Hudson. 
4. New York - The Yanks' best years are behind 
them , and Rickey Henderson's getting older and 
slower. Don Mattingly is just about ready to join 
teammate Dave Winfield in the hospital and Dave 
Righetti is complaining again. This time, nobody 
knows why. The solid pitching staff may be the only 
thing that keeps the Yankees close. 
S. Milwaukee - A definite case for the infirmary. 
Guess what? Paul Molitor's injured again. Oh gee, 
what a surprise. Robin Yount i so old that some-
time in May he is going to collapse in the outfield . . . 
for good . Gary Sheffield, the hotshot rookie, is 
going to get his face rearranged by a bad hop 
grounder and B.J. Surhoff is going to get hit over the 
head with a bat. They're going to build a special 
hospital just for the Brewers in downtown Mil-
waukee. 
6. Boston - This is the year that Roger Clemens 
actually throws the ball - and his name - towards 
home plate during the game. Wade Boggs is going to 
po e for Playgirl, re-open the Playboy Bunny bars 
and encourage all of his teammates to join in on the 
profit-making business. Needless to say, his leam-
mates will oblige. This might be the year the Green 
Monster collapses on Mike Greenwell. Forget it, 
Red Sox. 
7. Toronto - What a ad bunch . First of all , 
baseball wa never meant to be played in Canada, 
and this year will prove it. George Bell has an awful 
attitude, but Lloyd Moseby, Jesse Barfield , Fred 
McGriff, and Kelly Gruber will get in on the new 
bad-attitude trend that is spreading like a disease 
around these parts. Don't be surprised to see an 
all-out team brawl during one of their games -
against each other. These guys don't have a chance. 

Track 
Continued from page 30 
Marzullo long-jumped a distance 
of 16'9 1/ 2". 

There were three relay records 
set by the Triton runners in Santa 
Barbara, two by the women , and 
one by the men. 

This last Saturday, the team 
did not fare quite as well in the 
San Diego State University Spring 
Festival which featured teams 
from SDSU, Point Lorna Naza-
rene, SI. Thomas, Pima, and Mesa 
in addition to UCSD. 

finish in the second heat of the 
200-meter dash with a 25 .8 time, 
and Cheney tied a school record 
with a 16.8 finish in the second 
heat of the lOO-meter hurdles . 
Quigley broke her own school 
record again in the shot put with a 
throw of 44'9". 

The women's 4 x 100 meter 
team of Marzullo, Vicki Dunk-
ley, Christy Cheney, and Kou-
remetis broke their own school 
record with a time of 51.14, and 
the women's 4 x 200 meler team, 
which consists of the same women 
barring Dunkley (replaced by 
Robin Bellamy), finished in a 
record time of 1:49.14. 

For the men, it was the 4 x 200 
meter team of Matt Pizza, Stylia-
1I0S Stylianou, Jim Moore, and 
Tim Kyser who broke the record. 

The UCSD women finished 
fourth out of six teams with 33 
points, and the men finished sixth 
out of six with 31. Teams from 
Division I SDSU won both the 
women's and men's divisions with 
team scores of 96 and 87, re-
spectively. 

Individually impressive for the 
Tritons, Marzullo raced to a first 
place finish in the second heat of 
the 4O-meter run with a 1:00.4 
clocking to set a new school 
record. Kouremetis tied her own 
school record with a second place 

Other impressive individual 
performances turned out by 
Triton athletes included Merrel 
Hora's 15: 13.6 first place finish in 
the 5000 meters, Sargent's first 
place finish in the shot put with a 
throw of 47'93/ 4", and Quigley's 
top discus throw of 141'7" . 

The OCSD track and field team 
will compete in the Cal State Nor-
thridge Invitational next weekend 
with the men competing on Sat-
urday morning and the women 
on Sunday morning . 

The Ultimate Cut! 
m / I 
,"/('/ /llUn/U'n't'l (l/ a /Wf'f' 'IOU {"~1I1Irl J/tnul/m< 
WI (},..!t:'I<l~'1 hmi- rfll. lJ. ri'en~"'('t' '1(mh{'1 
hmi< /!nt/~KJ al :tlolll~q ,'.Wldi((«'J. 

Men's CutS .......... $4 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $19.00 

Women's CutS ... , $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $24.00 
With : Jillou. Debl, or Yvonne 

'PRICES INCLUDE: 
graphic cut, shampoo, 
conditioning and 
professional styling 

'5 Monday, April 3, 1989 -

Auto Repair Service 
7955 Arjons Dr. Open 7 a.m.-7 p.m. 
Mlfamar Rd left on Dowdy 
left on A'ions 

Our fully trained mechanics are capable 
of repairing any type of mechanical problem. 

549-0272 .. 3 • 
Tune-Up Special 

• 1,,,,\1 ,,-. !:llmp,GO sp .. k pili' • StOll 
""111 , Ad"st 10.,"1 and 101 • • C'ed I Ad,,,. 

t'llrS5tQM • Most taiS &. light Trucks _ hlu lor polnl! & 
"",d""", II "",It! 

4-cyl . $38.99 6-cyl. $44.99 

: Disc Brake Special 
I • Replac, "001 ""I $69 95 • Machlll! rOllls r!p4d beallllq • 
I 00 non·,,,,, "'II Reg S8750 
I ' IMjIIt' 'yi,,,Io, Iyll'" SemHflel.lhc pads 

, Ad"s' ,""',..., ~.k. /l< honl whlel dun 
I • Ro.d l,sl talS elIra 

8-cyl. $54.99 Elp 4/11/ 89 Elp. 4/11/89 --- __________ L ___________ _ 
I Drum Brake Special I Major Service Special $25 Off 

• Replace shoes $ 79 95 I 
• Machine d,ums • I 15.000 mi.. 30.000 mi .45.000 mi.. 60.000 
• Inspect hydrauhc Reg 59250 mi servlclng. Oul malor service meelS alilaciory 

syslem Most lorelgn & domesllc I recommended standards Highesl qua lily paris · 
• Road lesl cm & Ilghlllucks I ume day service. Most 100~gn & domestiC ta.s 

Elp 4/11/89 I & IIghl Hucks Exp. 4/11/ 89 

r----------~-,-------------I Clutch Work SpeCial I Cooling System Special I 
as low as $235 or sove I· P,essUie back lIush $49 95 I 

$ I • Pressule check 101 leaks • I 50 ott list pr ice • Inspeclilllses IIhttm9S Reg S5995 I 
• InSlall new plale disk and prlol bearing . Gear I • Inspec. w"e.pump Mosl cars & IIgbl hucks I 

011 • Road tesl • Most fOlelgo & DomestICS I II belts 
I Present coupon when wOlk oldlllS taken and save I u 4/11/89 I S50 00 off hs. p"ce up 4/'1J/Wil p. I 

---------------------------

AMSTERDAM $699 $730 
COPENHAGEN $780 PARIS $714 
FRANKFURT $714 ROME $804 
LONDON $640 ALSO NAIROBI $1070 
BOOK NOWI SPACE tS LIMITED AND FARES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. 
FARES ROUNDTRIP FROM THE WEST COAST. 

EURAILPASSES ISSUED ON THE spon 
1 MONTH YOUTH $360 
2 MONTH YOUTH $470 

YOUTH HOSTEL PASSES 
INTERNATIONAL STUDENT IDENTITY CARDS 

Council Travel 
UCSD STUDENT CENTER, 8-023 

452-0630 

Choose for Yourself 
• Free Pregnancy Testing 
• Pregnancy 'JiJrmination 

. • Birth Control 
• Gynecological b::ams 
• Student Discount 

Family Planning 
Associates 

Medical Group 
Call the College Line 

619·535·1379 
for Student Discount 
(j.J}lc~s rbrougbou/ Sou/bUll ( alijlJr" ia 

". 

/ 



, .. 

26 Monday, April3, 1989 

PROFESSORS, END 
THE PAPER CHASE 

USE KlNKM PROFESSOR PUBLISHING SERVICE 
Give your stude nts an a lternative to the Library Reserve Room. We'll 
tum your loose course materia ls Into bound class readers. 

NO CHARGE TO YOU OR YOUR DEPARTMENT 
LO'NEST POSSIBLE COST TO YOUR STUDENTS 
OUR REP WILL HELP ORGANIZE YOUR MATERiAlS 
FREE PICK UP AND DELIVERY 
OPEN 24 HOURS 7 DAYS A INEEK 

Let Us Do The Chasing While You Do The Teaching 

kinko·s· 
the copy center 

La Jolla Village Square 
457·3775 ·OPEN 24 HOURS 

SPORTS 

Take a brC2C1k • Get out of your books and Into a RecClassl 
Campus Recreation has something for ewryone 

Tennis + Weight Training + Body Shaping for Women +Ice Skating 
Striding for Fitness +Racquetball +Sand Volleyball 

Private Lessons + Mindbody Dynamics +Swimming Lessons 
Beginning Fitness Swim +Fitness Stroke +Waterpolo +Surfing +Nui King 

Akido +Hatha Yoga + T'ai Chi Ch'uan + Circulatory Massage 
Shiatsu Massage +Shotokan Karate + Tang Soo Do Karate 

CPR + First Aid + Self Defense +Ballet +Jazz Dance 
Modern Dance + Ballroom Dance +Aerobics + Wateraerobics + Trimnastics 

Waterpolo +Hour of Power +Stretch & Relaxation +Children's Classes 

See the spring issue of the (anyonvicrw newslemer for complete schedule. 
Sign-ap and details at X44037. (anyonvicrw Athletics I; Recreation baUding. 

IP.- UCSD ~ Campus Recreation 

The UCSD Guardian 

Commentary 

Steroids and 
Athletics; In the 
Mainstream and 
the Bloodstream 
By DAVID ponCHA 
Stqff Writer 

Steve is a talented, 6', 180-
pound high school linebacker. A 
big guy compared to his peers and 
bigger than many 'on his own 
team, he knows that even his 
excellent performance on the field 
is not enough to be drafted by a 
Division I college. 

Steve tries the weight room, 
but the greatest amount of lifting 
only produces limited results: he 
is physically too small to compete 
on the Division I level. 

One day, a friend gets a hold of 
steroids and offers them to Steve. 
The rest is history. At season' 
end , he is a high school AII-
American and has been recruited 
by Division I powerhouses nation-
wide. 

Based on a true story? No. But 
it might as well be. Steroids are 
becoming more and more popu-
lar everyday, despite the efforts of 
the professional and amateur 
sports leagues to ban their use. 
The question is, should they be 
banned? I say yes, at least in the 
world of sports. 

Medically speaking, steroid use 
can be controlled so that it is safe. 
Of course, no matter what dosage 
is used, steroids will have side-
effects and there are some poten-
tially bad ones. Non-controlled 
usage can actually be fataJ. 

A steroid, or more specifically, 
an anabolic steroid, is a powerful 
chemical (synthetic) that resem-
bles natural sex hormones. Ster-
oids are complex molecules that 
are transmitted through the blood-
stream. Steroids deliver many 
messages, but the most important 
one is the creation of more crea-
tine phosphate (CP). The more 
CP in the bloodstream, the longer 
a muscle can stay contracted. 
More CP available to the muscles 
allows for more growth, conse-
quently allowing the athlete to 
train harder. 

Despite the negative press due 
to illegal steroid use, there are 
some benefits for the drug. For 
instance, they allow the athlete to 
train more intensely, they increase 
muscle size, they can be used to 
treat people with low hormone 
production, malnutrition, skele-
tal disorders, and they can be 
used to improve the condition of 
pre- and post-operative patients. 

But of course, there are prob-
lems. Steroids alter the liver func-
tion because they are considered a 
poison by the body and must be 
broken down; they alter cardio-
vascular function and they in-
crease aggression; they can in-
crease nervous tension, blood 
pressure, and hair growth. They 
can cause acne, premature epiphy-
seal closure (closing of the end of 
bones prior to full maturity), and 
can lead to ulcers, spasms, cramps, 
headaches, nose bleeds, dizziness, 
faintness, drowsiness, rashes, thy-
roid problems, and Gynecomas-
tia (breastlike tissue development 
on males), They can even lead to 
death. 

From simple observation, the 
disadvantages seem to outweigh 
the advantages. However, it is 
true that steroids can serve a med-
ical purpose, and doctors should 
be allowed to prescribe them. Of 
course, people will find a way to 
get around the system, which is 
why stricter testing procedures 

See TEROIDS, page 23 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 

BUDGET: Regents Want Changes 
Continued from pace 3 
provides a guaranteed funding 
level for elementary schools, jun-
ior high and high schools, and 
community colleges without re-
gard for the state's fiscal con-
dition. 

"The problem is not just hypo-
thetical," Baker said . "Right now 
the Department of Finance is tell-
ing us that if additional revenue 

beyond the estimates in the gov-
ernor's budget becomes available 
for 1989-90, nearly all of it must 
go to schools and community col-
leges under the terms of Proposi-
tion 98. 

"If the traditional May revision 
to revenue estimates turns up less 
revenue, the schools will be gen-
erally protected while essentially 
all the cuts will go to other pro-

New JfJrk City 
$99roundJrip 

Denver 
$99 rountlfrlp 

grams. For 1990-91, there may be 
an even larger problem," he said , 

The problem is not limited to 
the . UC, Baker said, but extends 
to all state programs. He said the 
severity of the issue is reflected by 
the introduction of four different 
constitutional amendments in the 
Legislature to modify the Gann 
limit and Proposition 98 and a 
bipartisan effort by a coalition of 
professional, business and labor 

Sea/lie 
$99 rountlfrlp 

Chicago 
$99 rouruiJrip 

organizations to formulate a sep-
arate solution. 

"Without question, whatever 
proposal is finally agreed to must 
reflect the need of schools and 
community colleges for an ade-
quate level of funding," Baker 
said. "Our objective is to assist in 
the process of developing a com-
promise that all parties, including 
the schools, can agree to. We 
intend to work toward a single 
initiative on the ballot, one that 
ca n fairly be presented to voters 
as best serving the interests of all 

Phoenix 
$99 roundtrip 

Boston 
$99 roundtrip 

Monday, April 3. /989 27 

the people of California. 
"From our point of view a suit-

able proposal, one that might 
appropriately be endorsed, would 
modify one or both constitutional 
spending limits [Gann and Pro-
position 98] in a way that pro-
vides the UC with a reasonable 
opportunity to acquire the re-
sources needed to meet our 10ng-
range planning goals, to maintain 
the existing distinction of our 
programs, and 1.0 continue pro-
viding access to qualified stu-
dents," he said . 

W! 
furl Ulllderda/e 
$99 round/rip 

Sa II Pm "cisco 
$99 rou lid/rip 

LosAlIgeles 
$99 roulldlnp 

$99 romdtrip airfares on Northwest Airlines. 
A special offer for students, 

only for American Express Cardmembers. 
If you wanl to go places, it's time for the American 

Express" Card. 
Because now you can take advantage of new travel 

privileges on Northwest Airlines only for full-time 
students who Ctl"y the American Express Card 

Travel privileges that offer: 
.• Too $99 roundtrip tickets-fly to any of 

NORTHWEST the more than 180 cities served by North-
AIRLINES west in th~ contiguous 48 United .States. 

LOOK TO US Only one ticket may be used per SIX-
month period, 

Special Quarterly Northta!sJ DesJinalion Discounts 
tbroughou/1989- up to 25% off the 100000t available fare. 
5,000 bonus miles in Northwest's WORIJ)PERKS 
free travel program- where only 20,000 miles gets 
you a free roundtrip ticket to anywhere Northwest nies 
in the contiguous 48 Uniled States or Canada. 

And, of course, you'll enjoy all the exceptional 
benefits and personal service you would expect from 
American Express. 

The only reqUirements for privileged travel: you 
must be a Cardmember, you must be a full -lime stu-
dent, and you must charge your Northwest Airlines 
tickets with the Card. * 

Getting the Card is easier than ever because now 
you can apply by phone. Just call1-BOO-942-AMEX. 
We'll take your application and begin to process it 
right away. What's more, with our Automatic 
Approval offers, 
you can qualify now 
while you're still in 
school. 

Apply now. Fly later 
- for less. 

Apply Now: 1-800-942-AMEX 

'Some rotrlCllOIl5 Old) JPI''' For compltle offer del;lIls. C'J II I tlOO <}I!· "'\I~:\ Curlelll \ludenl C.trdm .. m!Je~ JUlom.lIl(~I" recelw 1110 S9'l l'OUC!Jer.; 11\ the IIml 
~~ 1989 American Expres> Tralel R laled ~[\'IC~ Compaill. Ille 



I' 

, I 

", 

28 Monday. April3. 1989 SPORTS 

PHILS PRIME PREVIEW 
1989 Major League 

Baseball 
The A merican League 

You've been waiting for months, but the da y 
has fi na lly arrived . Today, the first pitch of the 
1989 baseball season will be tossed out. But tha t ' 
not what you've really been waiting for, is it? 

Today marks the first annual Phil's Prime Pre-
view and no, it is not available at your local 
bookstore. Only you, as a UCSD student, faculty, 
or staff member, have the privilege of getting a 
glimpse at the most accurate and in-depth look at 
major league baseball known to humankind. 

American League preview today, National 
League on Thur day. 

AL WEST 
1. Seattle - Chicago could press the Mariners, 
but don't bet on it. These guys have finished with 
a losing record ever since Rome won the third 
Punic War. It's time for a change . Dave Valle is 
ready to prove why he's always been touted as 
one of the best catchers that has ever lived, and 
Jim Presley is likely to put up MVP numbers. 
Jeffrey Leonard's ability to get a long with eve-
rybody should really bring this team together. 
2. Chicago - Should either fi nish second or 
first . They don't have quite the hitting that Seattle 
doe , but rookie Eddie Williams might argue 
with that. He's a shoe-in for roo kie of the year, 
and will hit 50 homers in a bad season. J erry 

Reuss is out to prove that he i not only the ace of 
the sta ff, but may be the class of t he entire league. 
Count o n 20 plu wins from him. 
3. California - Almost a ll t he way back from 
the disaster squad of the last few years, the Angels 
will tay close for most of the year a nd should 
provide excitement during the stretch run. T he 
reason? Dick Schofield. Mocked for yea rs, Scho-
field ha had a great spring a nd ma ny pitchers are 
willingly admitting that they are afraid of pitch-
ing to him. Pitching around Schofield could lead 
to disaster; the Angels have a ferocious lineup. 
Pitching needs to come t hrough for them. 
4. Texas - Off-season acquisitions Rafael 
Palmiero, 10 lan Ryan and Julio Fra nco might 
help, but the power of the Rangers comes from a 
talent that's already with them: Cecil Espy. Once 
Espy unleashes his power, the rest of the league 
will be very sorry. Anot her strength is the 
Rangers' bullpen, wit h fi reba ller Jeff Russell 
leading t he way. The team, however, is still a few 
years away from posing a ny serious threat . 
5. Kansas City - This team resembles a chao-
tic old-age home. George Brett and Frank White 
are going to need rocking chairs in the clubhouse 
and Bo J ackson is going to spend all season 
playing tackle football with the outfield fences for 

See PREVIEW, page 25 

~ ROBERT'S & 
Q9 tt ~ 5MB 
German. Swedish. Japanese Service 

All work fully guaranteed - Factory Trained Specialists 

Specializing In: 

Classic 
Continued from page 32 
Cup, featured Yale. Sta nford , 
Wisconsin, UCLA, Berkeley, and 
the 1988 defending champion, the 
University of Washington, in one 
of the closest races of the day. 

The six boats jumped off the 
starting line together and traveled 
as a pack down the 2,OOO-meter 
course. At the halfway mark, no 
shell had taken a commanding 
lead . Suddenly, the University of 
Washington launched a success-
ful sprint and fl ew across the fin -
ish line with UC Berkeley just 
behind . 

The win was significant for 
Washington. First , the victory 
meant a successful defense of the 
Cup fro m the 1988 Crew Classic. 
Secondly, Washington, as the 
winner of the 1989 Whittier Cup, 
will be honored by havi ng their 
school colors on the 1990 official 
Crew Classic shin. 

In the men 's equivalent race, 
the Copley Cup, the field con-
sisted of Navy, Penn, Yale, Prin-
ceton , Wisconsin and Washing-
ton. Last year's Copley Cup 
champion, UCLA, opted to skip 
the race and remain in Sacra-
mento for training. 

Penn jumped off the line and 
started with an early lead, as the 
teams behind battled to stay close . 
With 250 meters remaining, Penn 
poured it on , took a five-seat lead 

The UCSD Guardian 

on Washington, and powered 
over the line for the win. 

Although the Crew Classic is 
held too early in the season to 
predict the outcomes of the East 
or West Coast Championships, 
the regatta is still important. For 
one, it allows schools to see where 
they are relative to others . Also, 
for some it can be a break from 
freezing East Coast temperatures 
and icy waters. 

Crew 
Continued from page 32 
difference between the races, Tony 
Jones commented , "We were 
really nervous the first race. So we 
took the second like a scrimmage 
and relaxed . .. rowing like we 
should ." 

Other races left UCSD with 
va ried results. The women placed 
seventh in the collegiate light-
weight 8 final , fourth in the colle-
giate novice lightweight final, sixth 
in the open novice final , and third 
in the collegiate novice S. 

Triton men competed in only 
two other events. The varsity 
lightweights, forced to scratch 
from collegiate competition due 
to an ineligible rower and row as a 
club, took fifth in the open light-
weight Sevent. In addition, UCSD 
took third in the open novice. 

Both the men's and the women's 
. teams now travel to face Loyola 

Marymount University on Sat-
urday, April 8. 

La Jolla Village Square 
Dental Group OHer. You: 

• COSMETIC BONDING 
• EVENING APPTS. 
• STEREO HEADPHONES 

• VISA OR MASTERCARD 
• INSTANT INSURANCE 

EVALUATION 
• NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUN TS 
• 2. HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• ORAL SURGERY FOR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRAcnON 

• MAJOR SERVICES 
• TUNE-UPS 

• FUEL INJECTION •• INTRODUCTORY OFFER •••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• BRAKES 
• TRANSMISSION 

• ELECTRICAL 
• EXTENDED WARRANTIES 
• ENGINE REBUILDING 

EXAM & CLEANING 
ONLY 

Mon. -Fri. 8 am-5:30 pm • Saturday 8 amoS pm A 
v~~ (619)275-1132 ~..-

• 

4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego ~ 
. . . We "stand recommend Ktnull" Luoriconls 10 ourcustO'IIUS 

--------------------------------10% OFF on all repairs· \Nith this coupon 
"Except motor and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

Inclu~s ' CI~antn9 & Polishing. X·Rays. Oral Cane ... Exam and PrIVate Consult<ltion Expires 5/3/89 

Offered to: students, Faculty and Staff of UCSD 
......................••.•..........••....••...••.. 

DAVID S. ESHOM D.D.S 
Member : ADA, CDA, SDCDS, Delta Dental 

8861 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 501 
/Oehlf' d KUlka sl 455-9151 

g r 0 ve c a f f e A free 

If your interesled in law. Kaplan 
can give you a preview of wha t' s 
ahead al a free Law School 
Information Seminar. 

You 'U learn how 10 select a 
school. how to write a successful 
application. and what makes a 
desirable law school candIdate 

Aller the seminar. you'U take 
home spedaUy designed Irack 
sheelS 10 help you keep up wilh 
deadlines and on top of ~ery step 
in Ihe admissions process. 

Call 10 reserve your place. Our 
"Irial " offer expires soon. 

I Saturday, Aprillth I 
JKAPLAN 
STAlIlIY H . .. ,,'" IDU<A11OIW. allnltTO. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Baseball three-for-four to give h.im five-for-seve n on the day. Martin picked up his econd save. 
Continued from page 30 Yates singled out Fisher , Mar-
ing the tying run in the eighth tin, and the return of both Judson 
inning after they had closed to a nd Sanchez as key factors forthe 
with in one run. Rupkey was Tritons over the break . Still , 
charged with his first defeat of the however, he is concerned about 
year, but Fessia, Henry Jimenez, his team's performance in double-
and Dave Ligerman each pounded headers. 
out three hits for the Tritons . "1 don't think fatigue is the 

Recent history tells us that after problem," he said . "I think it's 
two consecutive losses, the Trit- more of a lack of concentration 
ons were bound for some wins. and intensity. I've talked this over 
And they got exactly that in their many times with my players, but 
first doubleheader sweep of the we just haven't found the magic 
season over Menlo, 3-0 and 7-6. solution." 

J .J . Fisher, who played in the UCSD(15-II)is battlingprim-
outfield at the beginning of the arily with Cal State Stanislaus 
season but has now been con- ( 11 -3) and Cal State San Bernar-
vened into a starting pitcher, dino (I 1-3) for the two spots inthe 
dazzled on the mound with a one- Fa r West Regional , and based 
hit, one-walk, eight-strikeout per- upon records alone, it appears a 
formance toshut down Menlo 3-0 though Stanislaus and San Ber-
in the opener. A four-hit sixth , nardino have the advantage . 
sparked by Chris Murphy's two- However, if the Triton can 
run homer (his third home run of sweep the doubleheader on Satur-
the year), was all the support day with San Bernardino, it will 
Fisher needed to attain his second give them a 3-1 edge in head-to-
victory of the season. head competition this year, which 

In the second game, the Tritons may be enough to earn them a 
scrapped out a run in the top of spot in the Regional. 
the ninth on a single by Judson, a Still , Yates and the Tritons are 
sacrifice bunt, a passed ball, and a not looking past Point Lorna, 
sacrifice fly by Fessia to produce which UCSD travels to face in a 
the winning run in the 7-6 victory. 2:30 p.m. game on Wednesday. 

SPORTS Monday, Apri/J. /989 29 

Padres Outfielder John Kruk Tries to 
Shake Ofr Bad Season and The FBI 

By KELLEY -BRENNAN 
COnlriburing Writer 

The FBI is endangering one of 
America's most important tradi-
tions: baseball. Padres right 
fielder John Kruk is very familiar 
with the government's interven-
tion in the pastoral spon. 

FBI agents have been hound-
ing Kruk since last year when one 
of his friend s was ca ught selling 
drugs out of Kruk's San Diego 
home. Kruk knew nothing of the 
illegal activities because he had 
been on the road with the team. 
But the FBI continues its "search" 
even though the criminal has 
a lready been imprisoned . Agents 
showed up in Mesa, Arizona at 
the beginn ing of the '89 spring 
tra ining season to ask more ques-
tions. But Kruk had nothing more 
to tell them. 

Kruk attributes much of his 
disappointing '88 season (.241 
average, nine home runs, 44 RBis) 
to the constant presence of the 
F BI. And now, they may once 

again get in the way of h i~ 
perf orma nce. 

Kruk's low '88 average was also 
due to shoulder and knee injuries . 
However, he claims his knee is 
now "perfect" and he used the 
entire winter to heal his shoulder. 
The 28-year old Kruk is not only 
enthusiastic about his health, but 
is also excited about the ball club 
as a whole. Unhappy players, like 
former attitude problem Chris 
Brown, were transferred to other 
teams, so a stronger rapport exists 
a mong the team members. 

As fa r as their 1989 chances go, 
the Padres are just a "bunch of 
guys havi ng fun," according to 
Kruk. They feel no pressure, even 
among expectations of winning 
the pe nna nt. Unfortunately, 
Kruk's enthusiasm cannot stop 
t he F BI f rom fo llo wing him 
a round the ball pa rk. 

Fea rs of imp risonment no 
doubt make a small town man a 
little nervous. Kruk describes his 
hometown of Charleston, West 
Virginia as another " Mayberry.'" 

He attended Allegheny Commun-
ity College before coming to San 
Diego. Baseball was more inter-
esting than Kruk's classroom 
education so he did not pursue his 
studies. "Besides," Kruk said jok-
ingly, '" don't like to work. I'm 
lazy." 

Kruk d id not even know where 
San Diego wa located when the 
Padres signed him. He watched a 
Padre game soon after the draft 
and his fi rst reaction was that the 
team had the "ugliest uniforms ... " 

But now he 's used to the uni-
forms and he loves San Diego's 
climate. He does not even mind 
the fact that Jack Clark (an off-
season acquisition from the Yan-
kees a nd also his roommate) is 
playing first base, a position Kruk 
would prefe r. The 2 15-pound 
Kruk smiled and said that he 
would like to also play shonstop, 
but he's left-handed . 

" It doesn't matter where I play, 
as long as I play," Kruk said more 
seriously. "That is , if the FBI 
doesn't get in the way.'" 

The Tritons were down S-3 in the .-______________________________________________________________________________________________________ __ 
seventh before beginning their 
comeback. 

First-year student Daryn Mar-
tin pitched excellently to record 
his first college win, and Mike 
Morgan picked up his first save of 
the year for UCSD. Judson added 
a two-run homer and Karl Friedl 
went three-for-four in the contest. 

Friday, the Tritons met IOth-
ranked Wisconsin- Whitewater on 
a western swing up in La Verne, 
but unfonunately did not catch 
its team off-guard . In what Yates 
termed a "superb game," Wis-
cons in- Whitewater edged the 
Tritons, 2-1 , in a pitcher's duel. 

", , , we just haven't 
found the magic so-
lution. " 

-Lyle Yates 
Head Coach 

In the contest, the teams each 
collected nine hits and did not 
commit an error. Both pitchers 
(Morgan of the Tritons and Dar-
rell Rupnow of Wisconsin-White-
water) had very similar outings, 
each hurling complete games while 
surrendering only one walk, while 
Morgan struck out eight and 
Rupnow struck out nine. ~he 
Tritons were down 2-0 headmg 
into the eighth inning, but back-
to-back pinch doubles by Jimenez 
and Sanchez brought them closer 
before the rally died . 

On Saturday, the Tritons re-
verted to their old ways by split-
ting another doubleheader, this 
time with The Master's College, 
and NAIA school from Newhall, 
California. 

The Tritons lost the opener 5-4 
as Rupkey (7-2) suffered his 
second defeat. Judson, Martinez, 
and Murphy each came through 
with two-for-three performances, 
but they were to no avail. 

Good offensive execution, 
which pushed three . runs . ac~oss 
the plate in the SIxth mmng, 
returned the Tritons (at least for 
now) to winning ways in the 
nightcap and gave Fisher, who 
according to Yates has been pe~­
forming excellently of late, hiS 
third victory ofthe season against 
one defeat . 

The duo of Judson and San-
chez wa a factor once again, as 
both turned out two-for-four per-
formances, while Murphy went 

"No matter how 
bad they are, 
Grandrila loves 
to hear the 
latest jokes." 

You miss her sparkling 
sense of humor. 'he misses 
you and your joke '. Even the 
bad ones. That's one good 
reason to call long distance. 
AT&T Long Distance ervice 
i . another good reason. Be-
cause it cost less than you 
think to hear your grand· 
mother Lart to giggle be· 
fore you even get to the 
punch line. 

So whenever you miss 
her laughter, bring a smile 
to her face with AT&T. Reach 
out and touch someone~ 

If you'd like to know more 
about AT&T producrs and 
service , like the AT&T Card, 
callu at 1 800222·0300. 

e 
ATQ" 

The right choice. 



\."1 

30 Monday. April 3. 1989 

Women's Water Polo Drowns 
Pomona-Pitzer in Opener 
By CRAIG PETERS 
Staff Writer 

While mo t of you were 
down in San Felipe, Mazatlan, 
Palm Springs or maybe even 
Florida basking in the sun 
relaxing, the Triton women's 
waterpolo team was hard at 
work gearing up for the 1989 
season. 

Their hard work was not 
severely tested, however, in 
their season home opener yes-
terday when they thrashed an 
unexperienced Pomona-Pitzer 
team, 26-2. By the end of the 
first quarter, the game was 
essentially over with the Trit-
ons holding Pomona- Pitzer 
scoreless and leading by ten . 
IUCSD Head Coach Denny 
' Harper was able to give all his 
players experience in a game 
which featured rna s-
substitutions . 

The Tritons. who finished 
third in the nation last year are 
striving for the number one 

spot in the country thi year. 
The top contenders will once 
again be UC Davis, UC Santa 
Barbara, and Slippery Rock 
College from Pennsylvania . 
The team's future looks bright 
in light of the fact that it did 
not lose any starters from last 
year and was able to gain some 
promising new talent this year. 

The Davis Tournament, 
which took place in March , 
was somewhat disappointing 
for UCSD when they finished 
in an unfortunate tie with the 
UCSB Gauchos and lost to 
UC Davis by one. However, 
the Triton women were able to 
get a good look at their opposi-
tion for the coming year and 
their chances are as good as 
anyone's for the national title. 

This coming Wednesday, 
UCSD will face a much tougher 
opponent in UC Irvine on the 
road. The ationals for wo-
men's water polo will be held 
in anta Barbara on May 19 
and 20. 

Jamie Daily (4) overpowers a Pomona-Pitzer rlo<>llo<>nrlpr 
yesterday's thrashing at Canyonvlew Pool. 

Track Records Broken 
Andrea Kouremetis qualified 

for the Tationals and broke a 
record when she ran a 12.41 in the 
I DO-meter dash at the Santa Bar-
bara Relays on March 25. Kou-
remetis joins teammates Shannon 
Quigley (discus, shotput) and 
Scott Sargent (hammer) as the 
only Triton individuals who have 
qualified for the Division III 
National Championships thus 
far . 

In addition to Kouremetis, 
record-breaker, there were seven 
other Triton school track and 

field records bro ken that Satur-
day. Quigley set a new school 
record in the discus with a throw 
of 144'6", and Sargent upped his 
National qualifyin~ mark and 
broke his own school record with 
a hammer throw of 174'9". 

Michelle Conlay set a new 
school record in the 10,000 meters, 
and her time of 37:55 is just 15 
seconds shy of the ational quali-
fying time. In the only other indi-
vidual chool record set, Yvette 

See TRACK, 'p age 25 

SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

This Weekend's Twinbill May Determine Regional Bid 

Baseball Splits 10 Over Break 
By PHIL GRUEN 
Sports Editor 

Mexico, Florida, and Palm 
Spring are popular vacation spots 
for many college students; the 
weather is ideal, and the beaches 
and parties attract people from 
far and wide. 

The UCSD ba eball team pre-
ferred not to attend one of these 
trendy resort areas; rather, the 
Tritons went straight to an 
amusement park, boarded the 
bumpiest roller coaster they could 
find, and did not get off until 
Spring Break was over. Or did 
they leave the ride? That remains 
to be seen. 

Let's take a look: A win, a loss, 
awin,a loss, another loss , a win, 
another win, a loss, another loss, 
and a win , One thing's for sure: 
this is not a streaky team. 

The Tritons' 5-5 record in the 
ten games played over Spring 
Break has their record standingat 
a 15-11 mark, but their national 
ranking is still ninth, and they are 
still very much in the running for 
a bid to the Division II I Far West 
Regionals. This weekend's dou-
bleheader against Cal State San 
Bernardino at noon on Olsen 
Field could make - or break -
the Triton's playoff chances, as 
both teams are vying for a spot. 

Spring Break began on the 
upswi ng for UCSD, as Rick 
Rupkey picked up his sixth win 
against no defeats in an 8-3 vic-

tory over Occidental. But the one-
game winning streak was not to 
last for long. 

In a game in which Head Coach 
Lyle Yates t hought his team was 
"pitiful," the Tritons lost to NAIA 
school Christ College, 5-4. The 
Tritons collected an impressive 13 
hits, but left 14 men on base. 

UCSD rebounded in the open-
ing game of a doubleheader 
against Metropolitan State Colo-
rado, a Division II school, as 
Rupkey (current 1.27 E RA) 
picked up his seventh win with a 
3-0 hutout. Rupkey, who walked 
none and struck out eight, was 
supported offensively by an RB I 
triple from Gary Fessia and a solo 
shot by Jim Martinez. 

But the Tritons, who have had 
trouble with doubleheaders all 
season, could not manage to pull 
off the victory in the nightcap. 
After an early lead, the Tritons 
could not hold on and fell 8-4 to 
mark their sixth doubleheader 
split in as many tries this year. 

The day, however, marked the 
return of junior Erik Judson to 
the top ofthe batting lineup. Jud-
son had been recovering from 
back injuries. 

The following day saw another 
return, as sophomore Anthony 
Sanchez, after a long absence, 
stepped back into the lineup in 
the number two slot. However, 
Sanchez's two-for-two perform-
ance was not enough to lift the 
Tritons past sixth-ranked Cal 
State Stanilaus in Turlock , 

Yates, who had to watch the 
last inning and a halffrom behind 
the fence after being ejected, felt 
that lousy and biased umpiring 
prevented the Tritons from scor-

See BASEBALL, page 29 

Bryan Bilyeu/ Guardian 

Head Coach Lyle Yates and his 
Tritons have been juggling their 
wins and losses around lately. 

Good Performance at Cal State Stanislaus Invite 

Nationals Look Promising for Golf 
By PHIL GRUEN 
Sports Editor 

The 12th-ranked Triton golf 
team improved its chances for the 
Nationals when it finished ahead 
of both Redlands and rival Cal 
State San Bernardino at the Cal 
State Stanislaus Invitational last 
week. 

Although the Tritons finished 
17th out of the 20 teams compet-
ing, they placed second among 
the Division III teams that were 
present, 

Host Cal State Stanislaus was 
not just the only Division III team 
to finish in front of UCSD, but 
also the winner of the entire tour-
nament. Stanislaus has won the 
Division III National Tournament 

13 out of the 16 times it has been 
held. 

UCSD Head Coach Mike 
Wydra was pleased with his team's 
performance. 

"If the season ended today, 
we'd definitely go to Natio na ls," 
he said. "Unless we shoot our-
selves in the foot, we really 
shouldn't have any problem get-
ting there." 

Individually, UCSD was led by 
Devin Thomas, who shot a 235 
over the three-day event. Ed 
Tischler, borrowing Wydra's put-
ter, improved his putting game 
and finished with the second 
highest Triton score at 244. Gary 
Bong placed third at 247, and Bob 
Knee shot a 250. 

A player from the University of 
Port land finished atop the indi-
vidua l competitors, with a 220. 
His score, however, was still fo ur 
over par. 

"It was a tough course, but Big 
Canyon will be the toughest course 
we' l play on a ll year," Wydra 
said. 

Today, UCSD travels to the 
Big Canyon Country Club to 
compete in a l6-team field at the 
UC Irvine Invitat ional. 

The Tritons are currently rank-
ed third in their conference, behind 
both Cal State Stanisla us and Ca l 
State San Bernardino. Wydra 
poi nted out that when the new 
rankings come out this week, 
UCSD's recent win over CSUSB 
should vau lt them into second 
place. 

AVIA 
500 

Mid-High . Ladies 
#I-RA TED AEROBIC SHOE 

REG. $64.95 SALE '49.89 

SAUCONY 
LIMELIGHT 

.. 

NOTICE TO STUDENTS 
IF YOU ARE A NON-RESIDENT STUDENT AND YOU ARE 

DEPENDENT UPON A PARENT WHO IS A CALIFORNIA 
RESIDENT WHO CLAIMS YOU AS A DEPENDENT FOR 

INCOME TAX PURPOSES, YOU MAY NOT HAVE TO PAY 
NON-RESIDENT TU ITION . 

~.c- AIR CROSS 
~ TRAIN.R 

• LADIES 

LADIES . AEROBIC 
REG. 554.89 

SALE 
'49.89 

t· 
REG. S58,89 
SALE :.: . . .. ~;- --/ 
'49.89 .... -- ", CONTACT THE RESIDENCE DEPUTY IN THE 

REGISTRARI S OFFICE FOR INFORMATION . 

Monday. April 3. 1989 31 

CLASSIFIEDS 
--------------------------------~~~~~~-----------------------------

HOW WAS YOUR BREAK? Well, we 
hope YOU had fun, because while you 
lounged by the pool, the world famous 
UCSD GUARDIAN ADVERTISING SALES 
TEAM was busy haVing the greatest 
spring break sale~ EVER!! This means for 
the next 10 weeks you'll see local mer-
chants shower you wilh every kind of diS' 
count you can imagine. If you're Inde· 
pendently weallhy, forget about Ihls. lf not. 
you can Ihank JEFF SYMON and JO 
PINCEK for your incredible spring sav· 
Ings Great work you twol -Michael 

SUMMER OPPORTUNITIES' International 
Friendship Service offers homestay and 
language study programs in France and 
other Western European counlrles If you 
would like to learn more about how you 
might go abroad with them thiS summer, 
stop by the Inlernatlonal Center confer-
ence room between 9 and 12 a m. on 
Thursday, April 6 Sponsored by the 
Opportunities Abroad Office (4 / 6) 

Feel greal about your body' Natural. gua-
ranteed weighl loss program avallabte 
now 558· t 883 (Calherlne) (4/6) 

A nENTION STUDENTS: I! you are a jun-
Ior or senior and have a 3 4 GPA or higher. 
you could be eligible to joon the Golden 
Key National Honor Society. Be alert for 
our lable on Revelle Plaza Monday·Wed· 
nesday April 3·April 5. 11 a.m.·2 p.m.! If 
you have any questions, feel free to call 
534-3885. (4/3) 

MUIR ELECTIONS! ApplicaliOns allaila-
ble for Muir College Council Chair. 
Appointments and Evaluations, PubliCity. 
Records and Programming. Pick up ap· 
plicatlons in Muir Dean's office, Applica-
tion return deadline: April 1 0, 9 a m. (4/3) 

Lakota-SIoux Indian leader Leonard Pell-
ier is a U.S. political prisoner who was · 
framed by the gOllernmenl and has been 
held in soillary confonement In a maxI-
mum security prison for over a decade. 
He has Iried repeatedly to get a new trial 
and has losl. A group of dedlcaled Indian 
and non Indian people are workong to 
appeal to Ihe publiC and Congress for a 
new and faor hearing/trial For more 
information on Leonard's case write to 
Leonard Peliler Defense Committee. P 0 
Box 583, Lawrence, KS, 66044; or call 
913-842-5774 (4/3) 

Reverse the arms race. Help end nuclear 
weapons testing. JOin other San Diegans 
at a legal rally on tax day. April t 5 at Ihe 
Nevada nuclear lesl site. Non,vlolence 
preparation is recommended. Call Alliance 
for Survillat for information 277-0991 . 
(4 / t3) 

San Francisco Mime Troupe!! Wednes· 
day. April 19. 8 p,m. Musical comedy-
satire, "Secrels in the Sand." about atomic 
testing in the 1 950s. Deals with issues of 
intolerance, bigotry, and fear, RevealS 
whal happens when Tinseltown meets 
Motown on Ihe sands of Ihe Utah desert! 
Mail·order tickets $10, $12 at the door. 
277·0991 . 

•~K$»V':~~. 
my., ~~~~~*>"'.:--, " ~x*W'~~" 

WE INSTALL YOUR AUTO STEREO and 
speaker systems at the towest rates in the 
county, Over 20 years combined expe· 
rience. PERFORMANCE AUTO SOUND. 
744·7026.(6 / 8) 

$1.00 OFF 
: Instant : 
: Passport : 
I I 
I Photos I 
I I I No appointment necessary. I 
lOne coupon per customer. I 

: ki*o~. : 
I I 
: Open 24 hours : 
: 457-3775 : L ____________ .I 

Word Processing, Student Rates, 7 days a 
week, Excellent Engtish Skills. 755-2683. 
(4/6) 

TUTORING: A proven method towards 
belter grades Reasonable rates. All sub-
jects. For appointment call: 755-2669. 
(4/3) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal Copy. 
Onty $5.95. While you wall . Xeroxes and 
more. Near St. Germains. 452·9949, (6/8) 

Word ProcesSing ' laser printer gilles 
typeset· quality papers. $1.50/dbl. spc 
page Rush jobs available. Free pickup 
and delivery Craig 452·6934. (4/3) 

MACINTOSH SERVICE CENTER. Com-
ponent level repair, FREE estimates reas· 
onable rates, weekends OKI Eg analog 
board $99 w/exch, +1 Meg RAM for 
+/ SE/II $380 40 Meg HD for SE $470. 
128/ 512 upgrades allallable. Next 10 
UCSD. Approved vendor P.O.s ok CALL 
COMPUFIX 535 -0930 Buy Broken 
Macsl(4 /3) 

You Need Me' I houseslt, walk pups, 
clean and oabyslt. Impeccable referen-
ces. Lyn 546·3866.(4/3) 

Ladies, receive a free Jafra faCial. Call 
546-9802 for appt or to place orders.( 4/3) 

HOW WAS YOUR BREAK? Well, we 
hope YOU had fun, because while you 
lounged by the pool the world famous 
UCSD GUARDIAN ADVERTISING SALES 
TEAM was busy haVing the greatest 
spring break sales EVER' ThiS means for 
the next 10 weeks you'll see locat mer· 
chants shower you With every kind of diS-
count you can imagine. If you're Inde-
pendently wealthy. forget about this, I! not. 
you can thank JEFF SYMON and JO 
PINCEK for your incredible spring sav-
Ings. Great work you two! - Michael. 

DENTAL CARE - UCSD student and 
staff discount. Insurance accepted, Next 
to Scripps Hospital. 453-5525. (6 / 8) 

ProfeSSional Word Processing: Accurate, 
dependable and reasonable. Call 541-
0797. (4/6) 

LADIES' Prolect Yourselves! From un-
clean publiC restroom. LE FUNELLE Stand 
when sIlting IS undeslfable, a disposable 
paper producl, compact, In purse or 
pocket. Ten for $600 (Includes shiPPing 
and handling) For Information send 
slamped self·addressed envelope to. 
E'Toile Limited, P.O. Box 371048, San 
Diego, CA 92137 (4 / 3) 

Olga Barl Eleclrologlst, 1200·1500 halfs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644, (619) 226-

~962 . (6/8) 

Typing/Word Processing: Academic manu-
scripts, theses, books, letters, resumes. 
Fast service, Mary Ann 452·9439. (4/13) 

Word Processing, All Typing. 4180 La 
Jolla Village Dr. 452·3693/278-5222. 
(4/17) 

CONDOMS BY MAIL: Protect your health 
and privacy With low cost, high quality 
condoms from Apple Pharmeceutical, P.O. 
Box 1580·S28. Shingle Springs. CA 95682. 
Catalog Sheet plus samples - $1 SH. 
(4/13) 

Word Processing_ Leiter quality. Any size. 
Fast. Free pick up & delivery. Call Sandy: 
755-4316. (4/20) 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

NHd nOl iw u penlin 
Sp«;.1 CO/k" $'".''' Pro,,,,,,, 

CALL us FIRST 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 
InsurlnCI Braklrs 

lUI Ca.lao 

Ladles. receive a free Jafra facial. Call 
546-9802 for appt. orto place orders.(4/3) 

Hamburg-La Jolla eXChange sought by 
German faculty family working in La Jolla, 
mid July to end of August. Dales some· 
what fleXible. Details from Dr. R. Milligan, 
Scripps Clinic. Tel No 554·9827.(4/6) 

Room In Cia ore mont house. quiet, clean, 
no smoking, please, friendly environment, 
$232.50/month, Mark, 541·2073 (4 / 10) 

Del Mar Townhome newl Private room, 
bath and phone Washer/ dryer, garage, 
tenniS, pool. jacuZZI, near beach, UCSD, 
freeway No smokong / drugs $445 mo 
depoSit, ulliities Available May 1. Call 
259-8731 (4/1 3) 

UnoverSlly City, $1350. 4 br. 2 ba, t y, car 
garage, large fence yard. Beauliful house. 
546-8059. (4/10) 

MISSion Beach Apts available now 1 
bdrm utll & parking Included $575 - 2 
bdrm ulil & parking Incl $750 - 1 bdrm 
parking Incl $650. Call Jane 488·9249. 
(4 / 10) 

Subletting your apartmenl thiS summer? 
Law firm seeking summer hOUSing for faw 
sludents. Call 699-3542. (4/27) 

.1 
WANTED: Female companion for 60· 
year-Old energetic Widow In exchange for 
private room and board. Driver's license 
required. Excellent opportunity for mature, 
carong serious student. Calf 455-0521 
evenongs 6-9 (4 / 27) 

WENDY's On Campus - We Will have a 
represenlatlve on campus Interviewing 
from 8.00 a.m.·3:00 p.m in front of the 
food court (Price Center). on Monday-
Friday (4 /3 /89-417 / 89) We offer Free 
Food Training Flexible schedules Start-
Ing rate. $5·$550 per hr Hlrong deCISion 
made Within 48 hours of Interlliew (4/6) 

Looking for a fraternity, sorority or student 
organlzahon that would like to make 
$500-$1 ,000 for a one week on·campus 
marketing prolect. Must be organized and 
hardworking. Call Jill or Carine at 1-800· 
592·2121 (4/3) 

Receptionist, P-T for Hotel Spa In LJ, 
phones and gen'l office, hours negotiable 
Amy 456·3882. (4/6) 

WE WANT YOU' Help yourself while help-
Ing your school. Earn $5·$10 per hour 
contacting parents and alumni for the 
UCSD Annual Fund. Work fleXible even-
ing and daytime hours from our on· 
campus location while gaining valuable 
work experience. Call 587· 1589 for more 
information. (4/6) 

CREATIVE TALENT NEEDED - Award 
winning filmmaker and communication 
speciatist is looking for creative indillidu-
als to apply their talents to a series of 
innollative projects. Part time. Pay. Open 
schedule. Access to word processor 
would be a plus, as would be a theatre 
background. Write about your dreams 
and hopes and the way you would like to 
work in a creative setting. Send letter to: 
G. Lymburn, 8529 H Villa La Jolla Dr .• La 
Jolla. CA 92037. (4/3) 

La Jolla Center 
for Mood and 

Appetite Disorders 
OFFERS SERVICES FOR: 

DepreSSion/stress 
Eating disorders 

Relationship issues 
Weight control 

Call now 'or 
on appoJntment 
546-4415 

UCSD Students onfy: Paid notelakers 
and/or readers needed for the following: 
Chem 6C, CSE 1 758, CSE 199, ECE 132. 
ECE 138, ECE t 40F. Econ 172C. Econ 
120B, Econ 1 70B. Econ, 1 72B. Hist 180D. 
Ling 63, Math 2C, Psych 155, Soc 102. 
Soc 120S. Soc 157, Soc 18BE, TEP 196. 
Contact: Disabled Studenl Services. 534-
4382. ASAP. (4/3) 

Alaska Summer Employment - Fisher· 
les. Earn $600 plus/week in cannery, 
$8,000-$12,000 plus for two months on 
fishing lIessel. No experience necessary. 
Male or Female. For 64·page employ-
menl booklet, send $6.95 to M&L Re-
search. Box 84008·XA, Seattle, WA 98124 
- 30 day, unconditional 1 00% money 
back guarantee (4/3) 

Retail Sales of Health Oriented Product 
Looking for 10 highly motivated students 
for business management posilions High 
potential for advancement Please call 
481 -4278.(4 / 10) 

Summer Jobs Crulsellne, U S. and over-
seas. 1-812 ·282·4437. Ext c- 117 (4/ 3) 

Essay contesl Cash proze "THE RELA -
TIONSHIP BETWEEN CONSCIOUSNESS 
AND MAnER" For delalls send name 
and address to ' Crispin B Hollinshead, 
1345 Torrey Pines Rd,. La Jolla, CA 
92037 (4/ 6) 

Wanted $AmbltlouS$ Individuals for part-
time sales po~tlons, $5 an hour plus 
commission, FleXible hours; no experience 
necessary. Fun job. For Interviews call 
546·9072 (4/3) 

Counselors / volunteers desperately 
needed for Camp ReCreatoon, June 24· 
30, a camp In Julian for developmenlally 
disabled youth and adulls. If interested, 
please call Paula 585·1229 eves. or leave 
message. (4/ 3) 

DeSign / architect/drafting studenl. P / T 
days, hours lIexlble. ln La Jolla. KITCHEN 
EXPO 456·0050. Bill Harold. (4 / 3) 

MUSICians & Singers wanled Amaleur or 
young profeSSional Folk to Grateful Dead 
non·ampllfled Only one day gig at out-
door gathering MISSion Bay 7- 1-89 or 8 · 
12-89. Call 272-8147 (4 / 3) 

We'll pay you to lose up to 29 Ibs In 30 
days GUARANTEED. Suan 292·0737 
(4 / 3) 

Earn $7500 Sub,ects wanted for a study 
on Ihe effects of alcohol If you are a 
UCSD student or non·academlc staff, 
American born, male, of entirely Japa-
nese. Chinese, or Korean descenl, call 
ScriPPS CliniC and Research Foundal lon 
for more information, 554·2912 (6 / 8) 

FREE research studies are available to 
people suNering from anxiety Symptoms 
Include feeling nervous, tense, irntable, 
stomach problems, Insomnoa, muscle 
aches, and difficulty concentrating. Suita-
ble volunteers receive free medications, 
lab tesls, physicals and visits with a phy-
sician. 18 or older, please call the Feighner 
Research Institute Monday-Friday, 10 
a.m.-4 p.m. at 464-4300. (4/27) 

Sales/Mgmt Leaders! Start 10 hours/wk 
- Train for six togure mgml. pOSition. 448-
6649. (4/6) 

Branch management poSitions available 
in your hometown during the summer. 
Earn 56· t 5,000 and gain valuable busi· 
ness experience. No Investment. Act now! 
Call Student Painters for more information 
at 1 · 800-426·6441. (4/ t 0) 

CAR ALARMS 
AVTOPAGE 
ENFORCER 

CODE ALARM 
"Just locking your 
car isn't enough" 

Kennedy Auto 
Electric 

565-6145 
4855 Ruffner St. 

San Diego, CA 92111 

10% Off wit. tWe .. 

Siamps from 10 countroes for $10. Lee. 
P.O. Box 179191 . San Diego. 92117.(4/13) 

Motorcycle' 1982 Honda eM good condl' 
tion, includes BieNe helmet. Only $550 
(negotiable). Call 558·0977.(4/6) 

Toyota '86 Tercel II back, 5 doors. 5 spd .. 
28K ml., aor, am-fm casso new tires, excel-
lenl $5500 546-8059. (4/10) ~ 

BIKE - Peugeot. to-speed. 27", with 
back-rack. good condition, $90 BOOGIE 
BOARD - great condition. $30. Must sell. 
Call Hardy 534·3953. (4 / 3) 

1986 Honda Inlerceptor 500. Excellent 
condilion Runs perfect. New Metzeler 
Tires Ferodos. Looks great Stili under 
warranty $1 ,800 Leave message at 
558-6476 (4/ 6) 

For Sale '81 VW Rabbit DSL GreatCondl ' 
tlon. Ong. Owner $1 ,500 obo 558-6707 
(4/ 6) 

Sofa / Sleeper Perfeci condition. $t 25 
Very Comfortable, lightweight. 566-0793, 
741·0580 (4/6) 

800K MaCintosh Exlernal Disk Drive Per-
fect Condi tion. $125 or reasonable offer 
5588632,(4/ 3) 

ATTENTION STUDENTS: I! you are a fun-
lor or senoor a nd have a 3 4 G PA or higher, 
you could be eligible 10 lOon the Gotden 
Key National Honor Society. Be alert for 
our table on Revelle Plaza Monday-Wed-
nesday, Apnl 3-Aprll 5, t 1 a m.-2 pm.! I! 
you have any questions, feel free to call 
534·3885. (4 / 3) 

Beauhlul Barbara In B,o 3 - I've been 
walchlng you too Love to meet -Broken 
knee (4/ 3) 

WANTED 41 people. Well pay you to lose 
up to 25 Ibs In the next 30 daysl 100% 
natural 100% guaranteed Dr Recom-
mended Ca II Katie 565·8696 (4 / I 7) 

HOW WAS YOUR BREAK? Well, we 
hope YOU had fun, because while you 
lounged by the pool, Ihe world famous 
UCSDGUARDIAN ADVERTtSING SALES 
TEAM was busy haVing the greatest 
spring break sales EVER' ThiS means for 
the next 10 weeks you 'll see local mer-
chants shower you With every kind of dis-
count you can imagine If you 're Inde-
pendently wealthy, forgel about this. I! not, 
you can thank JEFF SYMON and JO 
PINCEK for your Incredible sprong sav-
ings. Great work you two! -Michael. 

~aCcod' 
HAIR DESIGNS 

CVIlEUONT SQUME 
(N!,)(T TO lIONS) 27.2600 

MIIA..sA 
(Nt:Y.t TO PlZlA f1J1) ...... 00 
UNMIISIIV TOWNE aNTIE 

(ACROSS moM IIMNN THlAm~) 
4I6-CM2O 

0f'£N 7 DAYS 
N'f'f. NOT NICUSAIrY 

MNlICURlST AVAIlAILE 



32 Monday, April 3, /9 9 

Washington Wins Whittier Cup, Penn Wins Copley Men Swimmers Capture 
Second at Nationals 80 Boats Row at Crew Classic 

By CARIN RESNICK 
taff Writer 

Different days, different places, and different people, but the 
re ult feel like deja vu. One week after the UCSD women's swim 
team placed second at the Nationals behind Kenyon College of 
Ohio, the Triton men's team matched its second place finish, 
once again behind Kenyon College. While the Ringling Brother 

may have "The Greate t Show on 
Earth, " San Diego definitely has 
"The Greatest Show on the 
Beach," the San Diego Crew 
Classic. 

Over 2,000 athlete from more . 
than 80 club , universities and col- . 
leges across the United States, 
Canada, and England flocked to 
Crown Point Shores March 31 
and April I for the first major 
regatta of the collegiate rowing 
season. 

Bryan Bllyeu/ Guardian 
The Copley Cup Final: Penn (white tanks, foreground) won the 
coveted trophy over the University of Washington (next lane). 

Improving on its third place finish of last year, the UCSD 
men's swim team captured second with 486 points at the NCAA 
Division III Championships held March 16-18 in Brunswick, 
Maine. Kenyon finished first with 603.5. Claremont-Mudd was 
third with 219. 

Six Tritons earned All-American status in individual competi-
tion: Brad Thomas (1,650,500, and 200 freestyle), Jason Vance 
(200 backstroke), Steve Denys (100 freestyle), Derron Frederick 
(100 breaststroke), Shannon Smith (400 individual medley), 
Greg Goodrich (100 backstroke), and Dave Sacco (1,650 and 500 
freestyle). 

Rebounding from 1988, a down 
year in terms of attracting rowing 
powers to the regatta , the 16th 
annual Crew Classic ho ted five 
of the top eight crew from the 
1988 Eastern Sprints and four of 
the top five crew from the West-
ern Sprints. 

Although rowing i generally 
not considered a spectator sport. 
the regatta , with it 66 event, 

draws quite a crowd. If the tre-
mendous field of athletes alone 
did not attract people, then the 
carnival-like atmosphere and 
picture-perfect weather must have 
done the trick , for at least 15,000 
spectators lined the shores at Mis-
sion Bay. 

Competition officially began on 
Friday, with 22 events, including 
races for novice, junior and mas-
ter rowers, plus heat for frosh 
and club eights. Saturday, how-
ever, was the main event. 

Although 42 races went off the 
second day of the Crew Cia sic, 

Women's Tennis Cruising; Can 
Clinch Nationals on Friday 

By PHIL GRUEN 
Sports Editor 

UCSD collected con ecutive 
victories on Thursday, Friday, 
and Saturday over MIT, 
Luther, and Wellesley, respec-
tively, to improve their overall 
record to 9-3 on the year. 

On both Thurdsa y and Fri-
day, UCSD swept to 9-0 victo-
ries over the relatively weak 
MIT and Luther teams. Ac-

cording to Triton Head Coach 
Liz laPlante, these games were 
good practice for the team 
after a 19-day absence from 
the courts, and prepared them 
well for Saturday's showdown 
against Wellesley. 

Wellesley, a tough women's 
colJege from Massachusetts , 
put up a good fight but lost a 
5-4 contest to UCSD. After 
winning four of their singles 
matches, the Tritons needed on 

ee W. TENNIS, page 23 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 
By PHIL GRUEN 

Sports Editor 
(Ph il i currently 15-9-1) 

The NCAA Finals 

Favorite 
MICHIGAN 

Spread 
2* 

Underdog 
Seton Han 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS ... Okay, so I blew three of 
my Final Four picks. If only Georgetown and Syra-
cuse had pulled it out ... oh well. It doesn't really 
matter. Why? Two words ought to explain it: Seton 
Hall. I kinda like those words. Seton Hall. Seton Hall. 
There's a nice ring to that, and I'm sure it's ringing in 
Dan Macuga's and Dave Wentz's ears right about 
now. These guys, and many others, laughed hysteri-
cally when I picked the mighty Pirates from New 
Jersey to reach the Final Four before the tournament. 
Now they're in the Final Two. Guess who's laughing 
now? Seton Hall's tournament magic could run out 
tonight against the Wolverines of Michigan, but don't 
count on it. Except for Duke in the first half ofSatur-
day's game, no team has given Seton Hall much of a 
fight lately. Tonight should be no exception. Go 
ahead, take the points. But I don't think you'll need 
'em. Guess what Phil says? .. 

TAKE SETON HALL 
'Officlal lo ne: from the Goldtn ArrlwJ. K," .. bnd~ V 

bragging rights for the event 
belong primarily to the winners of 
two premier trophies, the Copley 
Cup and the Whittier Cup. 

The women's varsity heavy-
weight eight event, the Whitti«r 

See CLASSIC, pale 28 

Triton swimmers were not the only ones singled out for 
honors, however. Bill Morgan, UCSD's swim coach since 1977, 
was chosen as Coach of the Year. - Carin Resnick 

Guardian 
Determination - Members of UCSO's women's novice eight boat show the strain and pain of a race. 

Triton Crews Outstroked at Classic 
No Major Victories for UCSD Rowers This Weekend 

By CARIN RESNICK 
Staff Writer 

With numerous East Coast 
rowing powers competing at the 
Crew Classic, the Tritons were 
small fish in a big bay. For a few 
races, UCSD rose to the occasion 
and rowed well. In other races, 
the difference in the levels of abil-
ity showed . 

In the women's var ity Cal Cup 
heat, the Tritons flew past the 
competition. UCSD jumped off 
the starting line and powered 
down the course. With open water 
separating the Triton from the 

field, the women celebrated the 
victory as they crossed the finish 
line at 7:31.93. 

The victory was important for 
the women's team, which has been 
plagued with injuries. It also pro-
pelled the varsity into the presti-
gious Cal Cup final. 

The Cal Cup final was the 
tightest race of the afternoon. 
Four of the six racing boats, UC 
Davis, Long Beach State, USD, 
and UCSD raced down the course 
together. 

With 500 meters to go, the race 
was still too close to call. As the 
shells crossed the finish line, spec-
tators were still unsure of the 

Bryan Bllyeu/ Guardian 
The women 's varsity eight glittered by reaching the finals of the Cal 
Cup. 

results. With only about a second 
and a half separating the top four 
crews, UCSD placed fourth. 

Rowers and coaches were 
thrilled with the results. "People 
didn't think we were going to do 
well ... we showed them different-
Iy," remarked Assistant Coach 
Pam Lellis. "These women have a 
lot of heart ... 

The men's Cal Cup event had 
different results. Without a pre-
liminary heat, the varsity heavy-
weights began the day in the final. 

Off the line, UCSD fell behind 
USD, UCSB, and UC Irvine. The 
Tritons struggled down the course 
without making up the distance 
and finished fifth with a time of 
6:36.18. 

After regrouping, the varsity 
demolished the competition in 
the men's Cal-Visitor petite final. 
UCSD shot off the line and 
quickly opened water on the rest 
of the field. Down the course, the 
Tritons fought off challenges and 
held tight to their lead, finishing 
first. 

Asked about the enormous 
See CREW, page 28 

Upcoming UCSD Intercollegiate Sports ... 
What 
Baseball (M) 
Golf 

Tennis (W) 
Volleyball (M) 

Water Polo (W) 

Who 
at Point Lorna Nazarene 
at UC Irvine Invitational 
POMONA PITZER 
MENLO 
EASTERN MONTANA 
CHAPMAN 
at UC Irvine 

When 
Apr. 5 
Apr. 3 
Apr. 6 
Apr. 3 
Apr. 3 
Apr. 4 
Apr. 5 

2:30 p.m. 
all day 

1:00 p.m. 
3:00 p.m. 
4:00 p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 
4:00 p.m. 


