
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1989 VOLUME 66, #9 0 
Surfer Finds Navy Smoke Flare 
in Shallow Water Near Scripps 

-- ---------

IIf You Don't ... Jump On It, It'l! Be Okay' 
-.;- ::.; ~-: :. ~ ;.; r:~ ~ .:.: 

t"'I' , -t .. 
'-aome lOr a ce.suaL c.!:.a~ 
with "Dick II atkinson 

Chancellor of U.C.S .D. and 

DBlnK 'TILL YOU DROP 

fridag, feb 3, from B pm to ? 
9630 La lalla Farms Rd in La lalla 

call 531-3771 for more info 
sponsored by your A.S.IlI.4:.S. Il. wiU. your $$$$ 

.,....., - The origin of this flier announcing a party at 
Chancellor Atkinson's home is as yet unknown. 

Party Flyer Is t Hoax' 
By NtI.I NEWLANDS $MIM., .. ,.,. 
F1yen advertising a party at Chancellor Richard C. Atkinson's 

house Friday appeared on bulletin boards across the UCSD 
campus Monday and have received much attention from local 
media as a humorous student prank. 

The notices invite students to partake in an informal chat with 
the Challcellor with free beer, no 1.0. needed, sponsored by the 
ASUCSD and "your student $SSS. " 

According to Tom Tucker. assistant vice chancellor of under-
graduate affairs. the event "has no relation to ASUCSD and is in 
fact a hoax." 

"It is not sponsored by the A.S. or student dollars," said 
Randy Woodard, director of student government. "Unfortu-
nately it is costing us money to take out an adv~.rtisement to let 
students know that this is not an authorized "Chat with the 
Chancellor. " 

The flyer included the ChanceUor's home address and the 
phone number ·for the Unversity House'social secretary. The 

s.e FLYER, pal' 7 

By LAURA PROCTOR 
Senior Staff Writer 

A surfer found what he believed 
was an undetonated military 
bomb in the water at Scripps 
Beach Monday, but the San Diego 
Fire Department reported that 
the device was a Mark 2S smoke 
flare used in Navy man~uvers. 

Ronnie Thomas, a student at 
EI Cajon High, said he was surf-
ing just south of the Scripps Pier 
when he found the device, about 
two feet long, "in about knee-
deep water." 

He said he was not concerned 
with his safety at first. "I was 
stoked," he sajd, "I was holding it 
up, showing it to my friend. " 

"It said 'do not handle,' " he 
continued, "and right when J was 
reading that this old man came up 
saying 'Go away, go away.' " 

According to Thomas, the man 
said it was a phosphorus bomb, 
the kind he had seen used in the 
Korean War. 

"Evidently the Navy was shoot-
ing them out in the water," Tho-
mas said, guessing that the flare 
"had to have been shot that day or 
it would've washed in sooner. 

"If it would've went off in the 
water [the phosphorus] would've 
got all over people," he continued. 
"You can't wash it off." 

Russ Heyneman, an explosive 
device technician with the San 
Diego Fire Department, mini-
mized the incident, saying such 
devices are found in the area, "a 
couple times a year." 

Heyneman confirmed that the 
undetonated device contained 
phosphorus, but said that it was a 
smoke flare, and not a bomb. 

''[The Navy] launch[es] them. 
They're supposed to pick them up 
[but] sometimes they miss them," 
he said. "It happens. It's hap-

Third College to Create New Dept. 
Beginning in Fall Quarter of 

1989 or '90, UCSD will offer 
majors in a new interdisciplinary 
ethnic tudies department. 

The new department will in-
corporate the existing Afro-Amer-
ican, Asian-American, Chicano, 
and Third World studies pro-
grams. A new Native American 
tudies program will also be de-

veloped. 
"We founded Third College and 

the Third World studies depart-
ment becau e we thought the real-
ity and culture of ethnic minori-
ties had to be represented at the 
University and, as-l ee it , they are 
still not represented," said Carlos 
Blanco, director of the Chicano 
studie program. Blanco and Lytle 
co-authored the propo al to the 

chancellor for the new depart-
ment. 

"I think the situation of minori-
ties has not only not improved, 
but deteriorated since these pro-
grams began," Blanco said. "And 
I am committed to getting back to 
the original intent of the pro-
grams as I see it." 

Lytle and Blanco are collabo-
rating with other ethnic studies 
programs on the specific course 
requirements and framework for 
the ethnic studies department. Jim 
Lin, director of the Asian-Amer-
ican stu~ies program; Ed Rey-
nolds, chairper on of Third 
World studies, and Floyd Gaf-
fney are among tho e with whom 
Blanco and Lytle will be collabor-
ating. 

"1 got involved because, as a 
part of the ethnic studies depart-
ment, the contemporary black 
arts program will have more pow-
er to get more money for its oper-
ations," Gaffney said. 

Programs of this nature that 
are not yet departments cannot 
hire their own faculty. 

"They must depend on the sym-
pathies of existing departments to 
hire faculty to staff their pro-
grams," Lytle said. 

"Each individual program wish-
es to have its own department, 
but each, on its own, knows it is 
not strong enough to be a depart-
ment yet," Gaffney added . 

According to Lytle, however, 
the department will not simply 

See ETHNIC, page 7 

.. Against the Law" Exhibit Displays 
Black Music and Literature 8 

pened before." 
Asked if the flare was danger-

ous, he said, "If you don't pick it 
up ... [or] jump on it, it'l be 
okay." Adding that the ocean is 
big, he said, "[The Navy tries] to 
pick them up . .. they may miss 
one. " 

Isabelle Tihanyi, a senior at 
Muir, was surfing nearby when 
the flare was discovered. Although 
she did not see the device, she 
noticed unusual activity on the 
beach. 

"The first thing that came to 
my mind [when I saw the life-

guards] was, 'Oh no, there's been 
a spill,' "she said. 

Lifeguards, the police, and the 
fire department along with an 
explosive device team all appeared 
at the scene. 

According to Tihanyi, "The 
parking lot was jammed." 

Tihanyi, who was m the water 
at the time of the commotion, 
said "They didn't try to evacuate 
us or anything. 

"It's enough to have to deal 
with pollution," she said. "Then 
medical waste, [now] bombs ... 
what next?" 

UCSD Must Notify 
Employees of Asbestos 

By PORSCHE SHANTZ 
Staff Writer 

UCSD will be required under 
the Connelly Act to notify its 
employees of the presence of as-
bestos in the workplace by July I . 

According to Marty Malter, 
director of Environmental Health 
and Safety (EH&S) at UCSD, the 
organization responsible for noti-
fication, most of the asbestos 
material on campus is located 
primarily in the mechanical areas 
of buildings where students and 
faculty are usually not present. 

A full report identifying the 
locations of all asbestos at UCSD 
was published iast December at 
the conclusion of a two-and-a-half-
year investigation of 371 build-
ings on campus. 

The report will be updated 
quarterly to include the affect of 
removal and abatement projects. 
The current report will be for-
warded to the office of the UC 
president. 

According to John Earl of 
EH&S, the study was not promp-
ted by the Connelly Act that took 
effect Jan. I, but by a request 
from the UC president's office to 
put together studie on the pres-
ence of asbestos for use in lobby-
ing the state legislature for funds 
to remove the material from aU 
UC campuses. 

"We have requested each cam-
pus to investigate the presence of 
asbestos and submit proposals 
for funding the removal, protec-
tion, disposal and replacement of 
the material," said Larry Aull, 
principal educational facilities 
planner in the UC Office of the 
Vice-President of Budgets and 
University Relations. 

The University categorized the 
presence of asbestos in three lev-
els, depending on the potential 
hazard: Condition A (highly ac-
tive), Condition B (potentially 

'hiatus 
UCSD Professor's Book 
Makes History 

dangerous), and Condition C 
(little likelihood of danger) . 

"The agreement with the state 
legislature is that the University 
will eliminate the presence of as-
bestos in Condition A, and then 
the state will consider funding the 
removal of non-hazardous asbes-
to ," Aull continued. 

According to Malter, until 1979 
asbestos was used excessively in 
building construction everywhere. 

"Now it is one of the tightly 
regulated compounds in existence 
and the EPA [Environmental Pro-
tection Agency] has many regula-
tions regarding this substance and 
its use," Malter said. 

The Office of the President has 
already funded a project at UCSD 
for the current (1988-89) academic 
year that undertakes the removal 
Condition A asbestos material. 

"Before the Connelly Act, we 
just had potentially dangerous 
areas labeled to warn employees 
and students of the pre ence of 
asbestos," Earl said. "The new 
law could make it necessary that 
every single worker in a building 
containing asbestos be notified." 

According to Malter, the law 
states that only those employees 
who could be effected need to be 
notified, but the EH&S will not 
differentiate among employees in 
this way during the notification 
process. 

"We will probably not send 
every employee the list [of areas 
with asbestos]," Malter said. "We 
will most likely send letters to 
employees notifying them of 
where they can obtain the list." 

Malter also stated that in build-
ings that contain asbestos where 
students might be pre ent, EH&S 
will work with the Associated 
Students to devi e a way to notify 
all students of the material. 

"When we make a final deci-
ion on how we want to proceed 

ee ASBESTOS, pale 3 

h3 



---~-~-- ----s s ---- -H 0 R T -------~--- -------
-~--~-------~--- - --- ---- ---

I~ UC NEWS 
Davis Panel Examines Blatant 
Problems of Athletic Program 

DA VIS - A panel of campus leaders addressed 
wide-ranging topics on the future of UC Davis athlet-
ic at a recent Student Affairs staff development 
meeting. 

UCD's athletic program is under crutiny b several 
campus committees that include students, 
facuity and admini trators. orne of the questions 
being raised include which division and / or conference 
to play in, funding sources , facilities expan ion and 
inequalities between men's and women's programs. 

Addressed as the "most blatant" problems are the 
present need for more and better facilities , increased 
staffing and conference realignment. 

One option that was discussed was a change from 
affiliation with the National Collegiate Athletic Asso-
ciation to the formation of some sort of University of 
California conference. This was suggested to combat 
the overcentralization that many universtities feel the 
NCAA has become involved with. 

Charges were made that there has been unequal dis-
tribution of funds and unequal treatment between the 
male and female athletic departments. 

Officials Charge Two UCSB Students 
In Campus Computer Hacking Case 

SA NT A BARBARA - UCS B Police arrested two 
students Tuesday, Jan. 24, on charges that they broke 
into a campus computer system. The police also con-
fiscated more than $5,000 in computer equipment at 
their Isla Vista apartment. 

The investigation followed a report from the cam-
pu Computer Center to police that one of its systems 
had been broken into. The system is used mostly by 
students for writing papers and does not contain any 
ensitive information such as grades or payroll file , 

according to campus police Lt. Bill Bean. 
Neither police nor Computer Center officials would 

comment on the frequency of the incidents, or to 
what extent, if any, files had been tampered with. 
However, one of the suspects, junior computer science 
major Joseph Francis Elliott , 19, was arrested on the 
felony charge of "knowingly and without permission" 
accessing a computer network and altering, deleting, 

damaging or de troying data . T he charge could carry 
a penalty of a $10,000 fine or 16 months to three 
years in prison. 

Elliott's roommate, junior math major Robert 
Bruce Blair, 20, wa charged with a misdemeanor for 
knowingly accessing a computer sy tem. He was not 
charged with tampering with files. onviction on 
charges of tampering with files could result in a 
$5,000 fine or one year in jail. 

Bean characterized the suspects as experts regard-
ing their knowledge of computers, adding that further 
police investigation into the matter may either aug-
ment or lessen the charges. 

An investigation is also underway into the possibil-
ity of unspecified off-campus involvement in the 
mailer. 

I ~,. SPOTLIGHT 'I 
Attalah Shabazz, Daughter of 
Malcolm X, to Speak Feb. 12 

Attallah Shabazz, the daughter of slain black acti-
vist Malcolm X, will speak at 8 p.m. Sunday, Feb. 12, 
in Mandeville Auditorium. 

The eldest of Malcolm X's six daughters, Shabazz 
wa seven years old when she witnessed her father's 

assassination on Feb. 21, 1965, during a rally at a Har-
lem, New York ballroom. 

Shabazz travels the lecture circuit talking about 
Malcolm X's political career, and about her own rela-
tionship with him. Shabazz has become a persistent 
supporter of Malcolm X, known for his dramatic 
tirades agai nst the oppression of blacks. After 
Kennedy's assasination, Malcolm X described the 
event as a "case of chickens coming home to roost." 
This remark caused his suspension from the American 
Hlack Muslim organization by its leader, Elijah 
Muhammad. • 

Shortly before his death, Malcolm X took a trip to 
Mecca and adopted orthodox Islam. He then began 
to speak about the possibility of racial integration, but 
was killed before his ideas could be recognized, says 
Shabazz. 

Along with her lecturing career, Shabazz and the 
eldest daughter of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., work 
with a young theatre company designed to inspire and 
motivate black youth. 

Reared in Westchester County, ew York, Shabazz 
graduated from T he United Nations International 
School and attended Briarcliff College. While in col-

BLOOM COUNTY by Berke Breathed 
--~--~~" r--Hl-c-r-: -HI.-'5-W- '" ---,.--, r;::;;::-;;;:;:;;;;;;:-;;;-""';;'--, FACT: 

FACT: 
/JON1IUl ' 
7f<T.Mf I 
W115HrTBY 
HISCWN 

IWCJKJf< 
t.A5T 
VIfJa<. 

tIROIraI f}(/r 1115 IT ISHT 
MI1IN IN111Cr. lf~mHCt.lrF. 
MK. T1?f)t1P L~ 
IN 11 JeCl?&T 
!leW'11Ji?K 
StJR6ICAL U/8 . 

lege Shabazz worked as a program director for the 
Little and Big Sisters Outreach Program for the 
White Plains YWCA, and continued to run their 
summer day camp for three consecutive years . 

Tickets for this event are $5, and are available from 
the UCSD Box Office and from Ticket Master 
outlets. 

M. Boone Hellmann Appointed to 
Facilities Design and Construction 

M. Boone Hellmann has been appointed to the 
position of Assistant Vice Chancellor, Facilities 
Design and Construction at UCS D. 

Hellmann joined UCSD in October, 1985, as an 
associate architect and has served as Acting Vice 
Chancellor, Facilities Design and Construction since 
January. 1988. 

Hellmann received his architectural degree from the 
University of Idaho. Prior to coming to UCSD, he 
was a principal owner/ partner of Hellmann & Mit-
chell Architects, Inc. of Reno, Nevada. 

In his new position, Hellmann will direct the office 
responsible for construction of the major facilities 
currently under construction or being planned for the 
fast-growing campus. 

Professor Irons to Sign Copies of 
The Courage oj Their Convictions 

Dr. Peter Irons, professor of political science will 
sign copies of his recently published book, The Cour-
age of Their Convictions, on Wednesday, Feb. 8, 
from 11 :30 a .m. to 1:30 p.m. in the University Book-
store Lobby. 

T he book , hailed by the San Francisco Chronicle as 
a "s tirring account of political dissenters in America," 
introduces sixteen Americans who had the courage 
and perseverance to pursue their constitutional rights 
all the way to the Supreme Court. 

Irons is a graduate of Harvard Law School and is 
an active civil liberties lawyer. He is also the author of 
the acclaimed Justice at War, which received the 
American Bar Association Certificate of Merit. 

I f UCSDINFO 
Committee for World Democracy 
Presents Free Film, Blackmoon 

The Committee for World Democracy will present 
the film Blackmoon Friday evening at 7 p .m. at Third 
Lecture Hall 107. 

The film, which has been described as a "dream of 
a dream" focuses on a civii war between women and 
men in the French countryside with a compelling mix-
ture of science-fiction and ancient myths. The film 
was made in 1975 and la sts 92 minutes. 

U CSD Maintains High Ranking in 
Science Federal Funding This Year 

The latest figures from the Na tional Science Foun-
dation show that UCSD remains fifth in the nation 
among research universit ies in federal research and 
development money it receives. 

For the fiscal year 1986-87, federal research and 
dev.elopment funding to UCSD were $151.9 million. 
trailing Johns Hopkins, Stanford, Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology and the University of 
Washington. UCSD was first among the nine UC 
campuses, just ahead of UCLA at $147.8 million. 

Federal research and development obligations are 
awards made by federal agencies for research and 
development as reported by the federal agencies. 

In federal research and development expenditures, 
the amount actually spent on research and develop-
ment, as reported by the universities, UCSD moved 
up a notch from eighth to eventh place nationally 
with $142.7 m illion. Again , UCSD was first among 
the UC campuses a nd trailed Johns Hopkins, MIT, 
Stanford, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Univer-
sity of Washington. and Cornell. 

UCSD is al 0 ranked first among public universi-
ties in the percentage of undergraduates who go on to 
medical school, and is also fir t among public univer-
sitie in percentage of graduates who go on to earn 
Ph . D . degrees. 

D 
- Compiled by Leesa Light 

Read It 
Recycle It D 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS Thursday. February 2. 1989 3 

ASBESTOS: Law RequiresNotiflcation 

... Proudly announces the Guardian's January 
NEWSSTORYOFTHEMONTH 

The News Story of the Month is a competition within the Guardian News 
Department. sponsored by local merchants to encourage improvement in the 
Guardian's news reporting. 

, . .Awarded this month to sophomore 
PORSCHE SHANTZ for her Janu-
ary 19th article on a proposal that 
would allow homosexual couples to 
apply for family student housing. The 
story was marked by balanced, in-
depth, and diverse reporting. 

~! ~-f,h~ 
1250 Prospect 81. 

.. .In recognition of her outstanding 
work, we gladly invite Porsche and her 
guest to Chuck's where they will dine 
compliments of the house. 
CONGRATULATIONS PORSCHEI 

La Jolla • 454 -53 25 

NOTICEI 

Continued from pale I 
with notification, we will definitely 
be working with people in the 
employee relations department to 
coordinate the process," Malter 
continued. 

" It is unclear whether the law 
requires that kind of notification," 
Earl continued, "but we are going 
to proceed with that amount of 
notification. " 

According to Mort Shayegan, 
associate director of engineering 
at Physical Plant Services, asbes-
tos only becomes dangerous when 
it is airborne. The asbestos pres-
ent in noor and ceiling tiles, pipe 
insulation, and boiler insulation 
in the buildings at UCSD is not 
dangerous unless these areas are 
damaged and the asbestos is re-
leased . 

"The important thing to get 
across is that as long as it [asbes-
tos] is not touched, it's not dan-
gerous," Malter said . 

"At this stage, anything that 
posed a significant hazard [to 
employees and students] has al-
ready been removed through rou-
tine maintenance and renovation 
of the buildings," Malter contin-
ued . "Over the next several years 
the remaining asbestos will be 
removed through general main-
tenance services." 

" It would be a tremendous cost 
to remove all the asbestos at this 

time and it wouldn't be necessary 
since it doesn't pose a significant 
hazard," Malter said. 

According to Aull, the Depart-
ment of Finance in the Gover-
nor's Office has included a $2.2 
billion allocation in the annual 
budget to the legislature for the 
removal of asbestos on all UC 
campuses in the 1989-90 academic 
year. The state legislature must 
act on the Governor's proposal by 
July I. 

UCSD currently has 30 em-

ployees who are certified by the 
EPA to supervise the abatement 
and removal of asbestos material. 

Three of those 30 work at 
EH&S. The other certified em-
ployees work at either physical 
plant services or the design and 
construction programs. 

"We wanted to have a small 
number of certified employees 
available for emergency removal 

project~," Malter explained. " But 
if we have large abatement pro-
jects, we normally hire an outside 
contractor. " 

Three Injured in Accident 
By M. O'KEEFE 
Staff Writer 
Three Soltec construction 

workers were injured last Thurs-
day, when they lost control of a 
large cement pump while working 
on the roof of UCSD 's new 
molecular biology research build-
ing. 

According to UCSD police 
officer Kenneth Hill, when the 
workers began pumping the 
cement at approximately 2 p.m., 
concrete backed up m the sleeve 
of the pump, producing a forceful 
burst when it became dislodged. 

Worker John Yeakey, 33, of 
Lakeside, was holding the end of 
the pump, preparing to pour the 

cement when he was knocked 
down by the force of the dis-
lodged concrete, hitting Jaime 
Rocha, 37, of San Diego. 

The pump continued to spew 
cement and sway uncontrollably, 
hitting worker Pete Curto, 33, of 
La Mesa at full force in the back. 

The fire department responded 
to the incident and the workers 
were taken to Scripps Hospital in 
La Jolla . 

According to hospital spokes-
person Lynn Morra, the workers 
were treated for minor back pains 
and head injuries or what Morra 
called, "bump-on-the-head type 
of things. " 

All three workers were released 
within a couple of hours. 

The Best Shows in Town are at 

DEO GALLERY 
because: The Associated Students are not 

sponsoring a party with Chancellor 
Atkinson. No such event is being held 

this Friday. There may be flyers 
circulating on campus with information 
to this effect. The A.S. is not responsible 

for these flyers-they are invalid. 

• We cater to students. No credit card necessary. No deposit 
necessary for qualified renters • Movies. video recorders/lVs 
and cameras for sale or rent. Huge selection of movies 

FEBRUARY SPECIAL 
Crisp 

Ralph's Convenience Center 
JUST 3 MINUTES FROM CAMPUS 

plus tax 

Tacolime' 
7a4U(k ili!eat '!)~ 

NEW RELEASES: 
• DIE HARD. PRESIDIO 

• BULL DURHAM • THE DEAD POOL 
We have rhe finesr selection of foreignfiims in the county . 

-Bring This Ad to Rent One Movie-
and get a second rental for FREE! 

Monday thru Thursday. Expires 2/9/89 

8843 VILLA LA JOLLA DR, 
RAlPH'S CENTER BETWEEN CROWN BOOKS AND OSCO 

HOURS. Sun.-""un. 11 ... 8 pIII/FrI.-S.. 11 .1It-10 pili 

1 I I I I I 

___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ _ 

I 

I 

7rJM~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \IN and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-----------------------~~ 

'Must be prMenled at lime 01 emmate. 
Not valid with major engine Of transmlsslon repo~ 

I 

I - CALL .'''c 
I r, 1450-94941 B.I I I ~. - --
I If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them II 

About Us; If They Haven' Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For Ref.rences. 

5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT nRE J 
------------- ----------



4 Thursday, February }, 1989 

__________ () __ P~!~~~O~~------------
.. There was a vague, unpleasant manginess about his appearance; he 

somehow seemed dirty, though a close glance showed him as carefully 
shaven as an actor, and clad in immaculate linen. " 

- H. L. Mencken, on the death of William Jennings Bryan I t was sometime around afteroon on deadline day when the swine began pounding on my door. At first I thought it was the hotel 
security people, or maybe the real police, coming to seize me on 

charges of defrauding an innkeeper. The brainless editor had once 
again failed to cover my room service bills for the week, and the desk 
was getting rude. 

We had been through this before, in better days, when' was keeping 
a rooftop suite at the Mark Hopkins. They whined like curs every week 
when the bill came in. And then they put commercial announcements 
on the radio, aying I spent all their money for bullwhips. 

It was nonsense, of course, but so what? Something like 366,000 
people heard it on the radio at least once, and when I tried to cash a 
check at the concierge's desk in the lobby, she laughed and called me a 
perven. "I know about you ," she snapped. "You're crazy for guns and 
whips." 

" Never mind that," I told her. "What' need now is cash. I'm going 
out to the Avenues to buy a hotel in the Yucatan." T hat wasa few nights ago, before the dog woman came and "CBS News" got my number. Strangers shoved envelopes under the door, and death threats came on the telephone. The hotel 
management became edgy with my situation. 

All day long strange people had been knocking and clawing on my 
door ... and now I had not just the Mitchell Brothers on my hands, 
along with a locked-out woman who had already called in two bomb 
threats the last time she clashed with the Mitchells . .. but 1 also had 
Warren Hinckle, vtho had just covered the final rites for one-time 
Supervisor Dan White, who had just committed suicide. H inckle's 
obituary was as tough and relentless as anything written about a dead 
man since H. L. Mencken wrote the notice for William Jennings Bryan. 

We were all edgy. , had been on the road for too long, constantly 
doing business for reasons that were never made clear. There were bills 
for expensive motorcycle pans and an Oldsmobile windshield in 
Birmingham. (I was frustrated by travel delays, and the University of 
Alabama - where 1 was supposed to lecture - had sent a car for me 
and 1 bashed in the windshield in a frenzy, and they deducted the $290 
from my fee .) 

By the time I started having trouble with the hotel accountants 1 was 
not in a mood to be reasonable. The government of Tanzania was 
offering me $ 1,000 a day to go there and help exterminate a herd of 
"killer crocodiles" that was threatening to turn the Ruvuma into a river 
of bones and blood, but day after day I was forced by a strange chain of 
circumstance to postpone my departure from San Francisco. T he pounding on my door on the day of the great expense-account crisis was not, in fact , the cops or some vicious 

collection agency - but a blindly persistent geek from CBS-TV. 
He had a camera crew in tow, he said, and he was ready to do the 
interview. 

It had something to do with The Examiner and new adventures in 
journalism, but 1 told him I wanted no part of it. I wanted no part of the 
New York Times story, or the Newsweek story, or McNeil-Lehrer, or 
all the other media pack rats who have been covering this newspaper to 
the point that it is interfering with our work. 

I could see the CBS man through the warped convex glass of the 
peephole, and I yelled at him: 

"Get away from here, you giddy little creep! Never bother the 
working press. Spiro Agnew was right. You people should be put in a 
cage and poked with sharp bamboo sticks." 

I called hotel security and complained that a drug dealer was hang-
ing around in the hallway outside my door. They took him away within 
minutes , still jabbering about freedom of the press. 1 went back to bed 
and smoked Indonesian cigarettes until the evening news came on. 

H inckle and his animal had arrived about sundown, traveling nervous and semi-incognito in a white Mercedes sedan with 
the Mitchell Brothers and a woman from Oakland who said 

she was looking for work, and also that her husband wanted to stab me 
in the head if he ever got the chance. 

The woman from Oakland was not a stranger to me, or to anyone 
else in the hotel. She had been prowling the hallways for days, spook-
ing the maids and scrawling pentagrams on my door. A few months 
earlier she had lent me her husband's motorcycle, and he went wild 
with rage when he came home and found it was gone. 

It was madness, but' felt I could handle it more or less by myself 
until she turned up at the hotel that afternoon in the same car with 
Hinckle and the infamous Mitchell Brothers . They sent her away for a 
while, but soon she was pounding savagely on the door, a wronged 
woman out of control. 

We all cowered stupidly as the hammering on the door continued . 
Hinckle feigned sleep and Jim Mitchell called his wife on the phone. 
Artie jabbered nervously about politics and morals in Utah. The dog 
started barking. 

The woman eventually left , but not without slipping another menac-
ingletter under the door, sayi ng she would be back later, and next time 
she would come with her husband, a known knife-freak about the size 
of the mopstrous William Perry. 

W ork was impossible. The geeks had broken my spirit . They had done too many things wrong. It was never like this for Mencken. He lived like a Prussian gambler - sweating 
worse than Bryan on some night and drunker than Judas on others. It 
was all a dehumanized nightmare - and these raddled cretins have the 
gall to complain about my deadlines. 

[ Letters I 
Preserve La 
Casa 
Editor: 

, would like to express my con-
cern with the future use of the La 
Casa facility . It is located in the 
heart of Third College and func-
tions as a natural meeting place 
for Third College students, both 
commuter and resident . It has 
traditionally been used as a com-
mons area and a center for college 
programming. Although it is no 
longer a dining area, it still pro-
vides a unique student service. No 
other facility on the Third College 
campus has the space or central 
location that makes La Casa an 
ideal "center for the people." 

Third College needs the La 
Casa facility. It would provide a 
desperately needed center for stu-
dent government, college organi-
zations, and college programming. 
It would also be used to expand 
the already overburdened OASIS 
tutoring service. Additionally, it 
would allow for the establishment 
of a true Third College Commu-
ter Lounge, a facility very much 
needed and long overdue. Ap-
proximately 3/ 4 of the Third Col-
lege student body are commuters. 

I believe that Third College 
should gain ownership of the La 
Casa complex. It is in the center 
of our campus and in many ways 
is a central part of our image. If 
this facility was to be converted 
into an office building with no 
direct ties to the college, it would 
be a real loss for the students and 
Third College. 

To gain ownership of La Casa, 
the obvious problem is money. I 
understand that there exists a 
substantial debt service figure and 
that this debt co ntinues for sev-
eral years. Nevertheless, I believe 
that this facility is essential to the 
well-being and growth of Third 
College and must be funded . 

La Casa was originally estab-
lished as a meeting place as well as 
an eating place for students. That 
need still exists and this structure, 
used properly, can still meet those 
student needs. 

I therefore strongly urge the 
Vice Chancellor of Undergradu-
ate Affairs to continue funding 
this facility until Third College has 
complete ownership of the entire 
La Casa complex. 

Alex Wong 
A.S. Sr. Senator 
Chairman of the 

Third College 
Committee on La Casa 

[AeLY 198~ 
" HlJDING feR m[ 
CON TRA S WILL 5TcP ,) 
OIE.R. 11'f DiAO rrrJ'l.' 

When Ollie North Dreams 

AV, KSDT 
Unresponsive 
Editor: 

As the fallout from our recent 
co rrespondence begins to settle, 
we find it necessary to clarify a 
number of points with our music 
community, that is , Assorted 
Vinyl and KSDT. 

Our comments were not in-
tended to be taken as a personal 
attack on a nyone, but rather on 
the nature of the institutions them-
selves. We may have overlooked, 
though, the fact that A V and 
KS DT are run by students who 
have feelings and perceived what 
we said as directed at them. This 
is not the case. We are sorry that 
you inferred this . We are not 
"looking for a fight ," nor do we 
"have a chip on our shoulders." 
Indeed, some of us have had 
enough fights in our college career. 

T he tone of our letter was a 
strong one, high in bass and equal-
ly shrill in treble. We do not apol-
ogize for this . For too long, des-
pite claims to the contrary, the 
si tuation has existed as we stated: 
one of highly selective music pro-
mulgation, inhibition of large-
scale student involvement, and 
hesitation in addressing the wants 
and needs of their broad support-
ing community - we undergrads , 
specifically. 

The attempt to sell us on su p-
posed "college radio philosophy" 
is perhaps misguided . There are 
college stations around the coun-
try playing everything f rom Top 
40 to album-oriented and nostal -
gic rock to disco (as reported in 
"The U.", the newpaper insert 
that we sometimes find in the 
Guardian) . The reasons that these 
stations changed over to these 
formats has to do with a desire for 
an increased listenership. So, this 
idea of the purported " role" of 
college radio, apparently, is not 
universally held . 

We agree that A V and KSDT 
could flll a vital ruchej n the uni-
versity community. The college 
yea rs contribute significantly to 
our maturation into responsible 
adults . Exposure to alternative 
ideas, philosophies, lifestyles and, 
yes, music, is critical to a more 
complete understanding of our 
society. While retaining their com-
mitment to the exposure and 
exploration of new music, both 
entities could simultaneously dir-
ect more attention to the general 
UCS D popUlation . This is what 
your "purpose" should be. We do 
not see the two as mutually ex-
clusive. 

Finally, we stand by our com-
ments as accura~e in reflecting the 
views of many, many UCSD stu-
dents . Whether on the softball 
diamond , in the classroom, while 
studying for an OP-POP exam, 

See UNRESPONSIVE, page 5 

~ __________________ R~~_~~~~~UA~M'wr,n~ __________________ ~ 

JOHN SHAW, Editor in Chit! 
LARA MIHATA, Managing Editor 
SETH SLATER, Ntws Editor 
DAVID B URKHART, Opinion Edilor 
ANDREA ADLEMAN, Comribuling Ftalures Edilor 
ANNAMARIE IEZZERIDES, Training D"tclor 
CYNTHIA CAMP.ELL, Associale Arts Editor 

S,"" Wrllen: Vincent Andrade, Marci Aronovitl, Dana Chaiken, 
Cynthia Chesy, Jill Colley. Deni .. Dador, Amanda Oatnow, Randy 
DOlinga, Susan Hylen, Bria n h ow, Kenneth Jensen, Patty Jettie, 
Miles Kan , Jordan Karubian , John Kearney. Mark Kenney, Ivan 
Krim, Jeff Lambeth, A.C. Lee, Adam Lery, Philip MocGo .. r • • 
loncarlo Mark, Mike Martinez, Nancy Muntner, David POlicha. 
Laura Proctor, Carin Resnick, Porsche Shantz, Wendy teink. Den-
nil Woo. Chris lahari .. 

ERIC C HAZAN KIN, Associa" News EdltOf 
KATHLEEN DONAH UE, Pholo Edilor 
RI CK FORD, Graphic. Ediror 
PHIL GRUEN, Sports Editor 
LEESA LIGHT, Produ<lion Manager 
J UUE MUNRO, Ftalu,.. Edilor 
ALI SADIGHIAN, Associalt photo Edilor 
APRIL S MITH, Copy Editor 
LARRY WEINTRAU., Music Edilor 
DAVID WYNER, Associate N.",. Edilor 

A.RINA YOUMANS, Arts Editor 

MICHAEL FOULKS, Advmumg ManagtT 
SHENDL DIAMOND, Bwi",,, ManDger 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Ad",,"i.ring [H.il"'" 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Gtnrra/ AuisllllJl 
JEFF SYMON, Ad"trlisin, R.prt.enIDli .... 
JO PINCEK, ~dW!"lsi"g Rtprt .. ",.,iW! 

PhOloaraploera: Jill Babior, Bryan Bilye u. Peter Messrobian. Brian 
Morris. Wyall Rosen tal, Ken Reinstein, Rima. Uzgi ris 
lII"'ra,on: Remy Avoncio. Janie Mandrason. Jeff Quan. Jon R. 
Uyesaka. Lois Yu , Alina Zorreno 
Typnet'''': Cynth ia Campb<ll. Cynthia Chesy, Roark Dority Jeff 
Kile. Robin Maclean ' 
Copy Rea ..... : Jill Colley, Randy Dotinga, Eric Springer. Fredric 
Hamher 
Production: Marci Aronovill, Nicole Bennell. Jill Colley. Stacy 
Longstreet: Nancy Muntner, Arnie Nluyen. Laura Proctor, April 
SmJlh, Ju he Sonnlag. Jeff Yamaguchi 

nit UCSD Guardionis published Monday. and Thur days dunn, 
the academiC year by a nd fOrtheSludents of UCSD. Reproduction or 
us<: ,?ft hlS new. paper Wilhout permi sian is strictly prohibited - 1989, 
all nghts rc:scrved . Th~ Guardian is not responsible for unsolicited 
manuscnpts or an. 

Senior St"" Writ ... : Oovid Brook •• Laura PrOCtor. Isab<11e Tihanyi 
Views t xpressed in writing and in graphics do not necessarily 

reprtstnt the opinions of Th~ Guardian, the University of California 
nor the Associated Studen ... of UCS D 

The UCSD Guardian, ... 1., La Jolla, CA 91193 
Editorial : (619) 5J4.6~ .... _ : (61') 5J4.:w66 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION Thursday, February}, 1989 5 

Unresponsive 
Continued from 'pale 4 
. or while drinking a beer at a local 
pub, supportive feedback has been 
nearly unanimous. '" feel the same 
way," is what we hear. It would be 
exciting to know that the next 
Smiths 0!:.1 Q,QOO Maniacs were 
first heard at UCSD. Do continue 
promoting new music, but at the 
same time allow for current tastes. 

Q and A: Do you think the Supreme Court should 
overturn the Roe v. Wade decision? 

Gr ... oy MacCrone 
nan Veljovich 

Amy Stern 

Grove 
Clarification 
EcUtor: 

Not to belabor an issue, but 
Martin Padget's reply (Guardian, 
Jan. 30) to Greg MacCrone's let-
ter was shortsighted as well as 
misinformed. 

First the facts: Though Greg 
MacCrone does indeed work at 
the Grove Caffe, he is not the 
manager. I am the manager of the 
Cam: as well as the V.P. Finan~ 
of the A.S. Incidentally, I was 
one of the major supporters for 
keeping Assorted Vinyl open de- , 
spite its economic difficulties. 

Moreover, the quoted $50,000 
Grove Caffe profit was acquired in 
the first 16 months of operation. 
This money was reinvested to 
expand the Grove's services and 
facilities in order to accommo-
date the closure ofthe Pub. In this 
way, there would still remain a 
gathering place for students on 
this side of the C8_mpus. 

The issue though is not which 
A.S. operation is more lucrative 
and therefore necessary, but why. 
The issue is also not whether Greg 

Absolutely not! A womans 
right to abortion is her funda-
mental right to control her 
body and her reproductive 
capabilities. Women cannot be 
expected to be treated as equals 
in this society unless that right 
is recognized!ormally. 

Tracy Cone 
Seriior, Muir 

PoU. Sci. 

MacCrone's oranyother student's 
musical tastes are valid or adven-
turous, but whether Assorted 
Vinyl satisfies the varied tastes of 
the student population. 

, have to agree With Greg that 
Assorted Vinyl does need to di-
versify since the students subsid-
ize the service with Associated 
Students' money. Assorted Vinyl 
doesn't need to eliminate its alter-
native music selections; it just 
needs to enlarge its mainstream 

No! Just like before when 
abortion was illegal, people 
will find dangerous ways to get 
them. It should be a person s 
right to decide whether they 
want to have a baby or not. 

Judy Reed 
Senior, SDSU 

Bus. Admin. 

selections. 
Eduardo RaDo-V erdulo 

Grove Calfe Manalef 

AV Valuable 
Enterprise 
Editor: 

We were surprised, shocked, 
and not a little offended when we 
read the headline "Assorted Vinyl 
Mismanaged" (Guardian, Jan. 

.... ----February Sweetheart Deals-' 

FOR YOUR 

VALENTINE 
•••••••••••••• 

No way! This sort of thing is 
not a bureaucratic decision. 
It s like the government forc-
ing everyone to go 10 college. 
It sounds good, but it s not for 
everybody. A person should 
have the right to choose. 

Charles Chiang 
Junior, Third 
Neurosciences 

No! The law will have to 
allow for many exceptions. 
Ho wever, who is qualified 
enough 10 determine under 
what conditions abortion is 
ethical? 

Amal Chehate 
Junior, Revelle 

Bi9-chemj Cell-bio 

Interviews and photos by Ali S~di&hian 

26). On reading the letter signed 
by Mr. Gregory MacCrone, Mr. 
Dan Veljovich, and Ms. Amy 
Stern, it becomes evident that 
there are several points in need of 
clarification. 

First, we are hardly reluctant to 
"accept for real the students' lis-
tening tastes." The a.rtists cited 
are among those carried in As-
sorted Vinyl's inventory; however, 
they are hardly typical of the 
selection offered. True, our stock 

does not parallel that found at a 
Wherehouse or a Sam Goody's; 
this is because UCSD students' 
tastes are dissimilar from those of 
the general public. 

We are not "dogmatic in force-
feeding us [the students] music," 
as special orders are not only a 
specialty of ours, but an addi-
tional influence upon our selec-
tion. This is an extraordinarily 
unique market, and we are doing 

See CLARIFICA nON, Pille 6 

Order Now & .~a1~£ 
ROSEBUD 

GRAND OPENING 
CELEBRATION PARTY 

VASE 

Orders and deposits must be made ""f,"r .. ~-'; 

"We work within your budget" 
GREEN PLANTS. PARTIES. FRUIT BN3KETS 

• BALLOONS. WEDDINGS. ALL OCCASIONS!! 

La Jolla 
Flower Basket 
La Jolla Village Square 
Convenience Center 
8855 Vilill La Jolill Dr. 

l()ll IIHI ,\\110,\\\1111 ',.,., 
I HUU 1\1\ ~ 'l ~ , . 

Sat., Feb. 4th from 6 p.m. 'til ? 
Everything in store is 200/0 off 

during Grand Opening 
(Applies to all mmh.ndia In stare on Salurday, February 41h only.) 

purchase 



6 Thursday, February 1, J989 

" 1/ you have a heart" 

" " 

WORKOUT OF LA JOLLA 
" Valentine Special ~ 

1-Day Offer - Feb. 14 
2 for 1 membership 

3 months for 
$19500 

• Aerobics • Yoga 
• Free Weights • Circuit Training 
• Hoist Machines • Jazz Dance 

" 

7777 Fay Ave. La Jolla 
456-2595 

WE'VE GOT 
mEREST 

COMIC 
BOOKS 

IN 
TOWN! 

• Fantasy & role-playing games 
• Fantasy miniatures 
• Robotech and Japanese Animation 

• The Comic Gallery 
4224 Balboo Ave. 

San Diego. CA 92117 
corner 01 Bolboo & Clairemont Dr. 

. Next to Foad Basket · 

(619) 483-4853 
tltiel and ctw"xters TM and Cl 1987 DC ComtCl Inc. 

675-B N. Broodway 
Escondido. CA 92025 

Country Comer Shopping Cenler 
at Broadway & Washington 

(619) 745-5660 

Invade the 

PLAZA 
DON' T FORGET TO CRUISE ON OVER TO THE 

REVELLE PLAZA THIS FRIDAY (TO.,.ORROWI AT 
NOON TO WITNESS RAW ENTERTAINMENT FROM 
THE H- STREET SKATEBOARD TEAM AND 91)( ' 5 

PARTY SOUNDS. THAT'S RIGHT, WE 'RE TALKING 
ABOUT TOP A"'ATEUR AND PROFESSIONAL 

SKATEBOARDERS COMING TO THIS CAMPUS AND 
JUST THRASHING THE PLAC~ 

CHECK IT OUT. ~ 
A WARREN COLLEGE STUDENT COUNc'il~VE"T 

OPINION 

Clarification 
Continued from pile 5 
our best to meet the demands of 
that market. 

Second , "oppressive buying 
atmosphere" is all a matter of 
opinion. Our customers do not 
seem to mind the store as it is, and 
our mostly volunteer staff enjoys 
working in the relaxed, informal 
atmosphere. As far as we know, 
none of us snicker at anyone's 
questions regarding music. All 
people are entitled to their own 
individual opinions. We may not 
like what other people like; by the 
same token, we don't expect eve-
ryone to like what we like, either. 
- Third, our selection is narrow 
because our space is limited. We 
would love to be able to offer a 
broader selection of jazz, as well 
as classical, folk , New Age, and 
other kinds of music. We will 
expand our selection once we re-
locate to the larger location in the 
Price Center; in the meantime, 
given the limits of our present 
location, we are unable to ac-
comodate a wide variety of music 
in our stock on hand . Conse-
quently, we try to appease the 
broadest cross section of the cam-

pus population possible. We hate 
to leave anyone by the wayside, 
but we can only do so much with 
what we have. 

Incidentally, regarding a state-
ment made in the letter, we have 
had professors come in to browse 
on occasion, and have even spe-
cial ordered albums for classes. In 
general , though, we seldom see 
professors in the Student Center. 
Perhaps this might have some-
thing to do with their absence in 
the store. 

Finally. compact discs may in-
deed be "the wave of the future ," 
but as of last quarter, LP sales 
accounted for over half of our 
total unit sales. Our customers 
purchased twice as many LPs as 
compact discs. Given our extreme-
ly high CD turnover rate, our rel-
atively low CD sales are not due 
to a lack of stock on hand. True, 
our selection of CDs is neither as 
large nor as broad as we would 
like it to be, but again, this is due 
to our space limitations. Once we 
relocate to the Price Center, we 
will have a far larger and more 
diverse CD.selection. As it stands, 
however, we are carrying as many 
compact discs as we possibly can, 
and our 'Selection is determined 
by past and current sales, special 

Experience with us the fun and excitement of 
learning to Hang Glide. All equipmeDt is included 
and we are just minutes from the UCSD campus. 
Class size is limited and reservations are required. 

CALL NOW TO RESERVE 

STUDENT 
GROUP 
DISCOUNTS 
AVAILABLE 

~ 
.-,-

450-9008 
• 

The UCSD Guardian 

orders, and customer suggestions. 
As to the one week delay on 

special orders, compared to some 
other places, one week is nothing. 
Special orders at most other 
places take anywhere from three 
weeks to three months. While we 
can't prevent delays caused by 
our distributor's restocking prob-
lems, we do take care of our spe-
cial orders within days of their 
placement. Ours is one of the fast-
est special order services in town, 
and costs nothing in addition to 
the actual cost ofthc item ordered . 
We can't promise anything, but 
we do try our best. 

Finally, the article that Mr '-
MacCrone, Mr. Veljovich, and 
Ms. Stern refer to in their letter 
contains a misquote, which was 
referred to in the letter's opening. 
It was never stated by the man-
ager that Assorted Vinyl filled a 
student need . Much as we hate to 
admit it, music is not a need. but a 
want. This was what was actually 
said during the Guardian inter-
view, but somehow was misinter-
preted along the line. 

Additionally, in the same arti-
cle. the manager is quote~ as say-
ing, "We are unique in that we're 
vending luxury items" - hardly a 
statement of music as a "need." 
We strongly suggest that, in the 
future, Mr. MacCrone and com-
pany should check their sources 
before throwing accusations 
around. 

Sharon Lai 
General MaUler, AlIOrted Vinyl 

Erich Von aerier 
Manaler, Assorted Vinyl 

Scott McMullan 
Man.ler, Assorted Vinyl 

Robert Lloyd 
Man.aer, Asaorted Vinyl 

BARGAIN 
ROMANCE! 

Next week the 
Guardian will be on 
Revelle Plaza seiling 

Valentines Day 
personals ... CHEAP! 
Watch the paper and 
the plaza for details ... 

You name it. .. We ftame it 
ZCUSTOM FRAMING 7UMITED EDITIONS 
,,-'oILS/PASTELS l CERTIFICA TES 
lWATERCOLOURS J COINS/MEDALS 
lpHOTOGRAPHS -:; EMBROIDERIES 
li'RINTS/POSTERS l!APESTRIES ETC. 

5745 La Jolla Blvd. 
(Near Bird Rock Ave.) 

459-5227 *Please present UCSD ID when placing order 

The UCSD Guardian 

ETHNIC 
Continued from pale 1 
serve as a temporary program 
until the various programs can 
stand alone. 

" I think that the history and 
philosophy of the programs has 
always been geared toward a com-
parative approach," Lytle said. 
"In the past the academic glue 
holding them together was the 
Third World studies department. " 

The faculty involved in the for-
mation of the ethnic studies de-
partment have also had members 
of similar departments at other 
institutions evaluate their ideas . 

AJex Saragoza, chair of ethnic 
studiesat UC Berkeley; Margaret 
Wilkerson, former chair of wo-

men's studies and current chair of 
A fro-American studies at UC Ber-
keley; Sucheng Chan, professor 
in ethnic studies at UC Santa 
Barbara, and Terry Wilson, chair 
of Native American studies at UC 
Berkeley, have all contributed to 
the formation of UCSD's ethnic 
studies department. 

"They have been helpful not 
just because they agree with our 
ideas, but because they have chal-
lenged us to think everything 
through," LytIe said. 

_ Lytle also hopes to incorporate 
elements of the new department 
into the curriculum for all Third 
College students. 

'" want to try and get away 
trom the vegetable, garden ap-
proach to the societal analysis 
portion of the general education 
requirements,". LytIe said. 

ERRATA 
In the Jan. 30 edition of the 

Guardian, several errors ap-
peared in the article "UCSD 
Skate Club Holds Competi-
tion. " 

Nathalie Rictor was not a 
sponsor of the competition. 
She was a sponsored skater in 
the event. 

Jeff Perry was erroneously 
described as a contestant in the 
competition. Perry was a spec-
tator and did not compete. 

All participants in the com-
petition wore protective gear 

in accordance with contest 
rules. 

According to one RTS Skate 
Club member, there are no 
_such skateboarding maneuvers 
as the "ruckus front" and "slide 
grind" mentioned in the article. 

The Guardian regrets these 
errors. 

In the Jan. 30 issue of the 
Guardian, the headline "Con-
duct: Code VioltUed" should 
have read: "Conduct: ActiolLS 
Quntioned. " 

Read It, Recycle It! 

NEWS 
"I'm not criticizi'.!8 the facuity, 

but I think that we have strayed 
away from our philosophy at 
Third College," Lytle continued. 
"I have asked members of the new 
department to look into develop-
ing new courses for a core curricu-
lum for all Third students." 

The ethnic studies major will 
consist of three components in-
cluding a core set of classes in the 
study of a specific ethnic group; 
three comparative courses that 
would be the same for all majors 

dealing with issues such as immi-
gration, language and the role of 
women, and three courses that 
would be disciplinary focused. 

According to Lytle, the depart-
ment may also require majors to 
have special minors created by 
existing departments that will have 
an emphasis on ethnic studies. 

"I think it should be engrained 
in the minds of all students and 
faculty that the differences a nd 
similarities of all cultures need to 
be understood," Bla nco said. 

FL YER:Party IsNo-Go 
Continued from pale 1. 
Chancellor's office has been refer-
ring phone calls to university 
communication. . 

Yvonne Baskin, who handled 
the few calls, said televison sta-
tions 8, 10 and 39 called Wednes-
day morning in response to a 
small paragraph in the Los An-
geles Times ' San Diego County 
section about the hoax. Accord-
ing to Baskin, no phone calls 
from students were received. 

Associate Chancellor Robert 
Ritchie said that the Chancellor is 
"bemused ... We know it's a 
hoax, but if tons of people showed 
up, it would not be amusing. [But] 
this sort of thing is not without 
humor." 

Atkinson was not available for 
comment. 

Baskin, from university ~om­
munications, said that the Chan-
cellor was amused but that he felt 
it would be "inappropriate for 
him to appear on television, since 
it wasn't his hoax." 

The flyer, printed with a com-

puter, did not seem to reach many 
students. 

According to Tom Rhee, A.S . 
commissioner of public relations, 
most of the flyers had been re-
moved by Tuesday. 

"We didn't go out looking for 
them, but we tore down the ones 
we saw," Rhee said . "It kept me 
busy all day long: taking ads out 
in the Guardian and the Koala 
and answering phone calls from 
the Chancellor's office. 

Rhee speculated that the per-
son or persons responsible for the 
prank are either a student or stu-
dent organization upset with the 
administration or A.S. for not 
standing up for their rights. 

"N obody can trace it," W 00-
dard said , "and if we could , I 
don't know what we'd do about 
it . " 

Jeremy Pasternak, a contribu-
tor to the Koala, said, "If you ask 
me, it's not very funny," but the 
official Koala response was a 
statement of intent to "be there 
with bells on. " 

Thursday, Februar y}, 1989 7 

News Writers 
Meeting 

... f or a pre-game hud-
dle. We 'll figure out 
how we can whip the 
Koala. 

6:30 Monday 

• 
• WHIT IF lOU DOII'T GET 

IIno 1HE GlAD SCHOOl 
OF 10111 CIIOICE? 

4780 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
SAN DIEGO, CA 92117 

(619)277 -67 44 

Buy your winter quarter textbooks now ... 

11 .. · .. · .... ·· .. ·· .. ·-.. ~7H 

l1l..Lr .. J.r·~~1 
..... .L. .. _ .. L.v' 

before they disappear. 

On February 8 we 'are 
returning all 'winter quarter 

textbooks to 
their publishers. 

University Bookstore 
[L[J( I :~«) il D ) 

Hours: Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-5:15 p.m. 
Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Closed Sundays and Holidays 

Tie-an or s/ip-an SPERRY TOPSIDERS 
ONLY' ~ $24.95 reg. 535.95 Book Bag-F.nny Pack Combo (Fanny Pack zips off) 

REG. S39.95 
~LES21.89 

The home of th'e 
49¢ halllburger. 

! 1 m M~'[)OIII1~m 
.L ~ J!lou. 

".~ . 

'7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
~ 1.L.~11111111~-----------------__ _ ---ALL AMERICAN-MEAL---Quarter Pounder@ with Cheese. Medium Fry, 

Med' S' S Cash value: I II lum- Ize off Drink " /20 of' cent II 
II ~ 
II Limit one coupan per 'J $1 99 II II customer. per visit. Please US t II 

present coupan when (I t ) II ordering. Not va lid with P UI ax II II any other offer. Onty at: II ~ ~~t~89 7:~~1<l@J 
--------__ .,.ii __ iiii __ _ 



• 

~ T U 

Fourteen Foreign 
Films - $15 

by arthur ash 

hiatus writer 

I f you are like many UCSD students, the main thing that keeps you out of movie theatres is money. The$5, $5 .50, or even $6 thata typical movie costs hardly seems well spent in the tight balancing act that student life demands. 
Considering the quality as well as the cost of major motion pictures, the 
prospects of a decent film are slim. 

If Willing to settle for a mainstream film of mediocre quality for the sake of 
having fun with friends, you may find yourself tired of two-dimensional charac-
ters and plotlines that beg (in vain) not to be recycled. 

So you do o ne of two things. Either you take those long trips down to the Ken 
or the Park for entertainment that is more interesting if only a bit cheaper, or you 
all but avoid first run theatres during the academic quarter and then cram 15 
movies into the two weeks when you are home, your parents feeling generous, 
and time seeming endless. 

Well , starting tOnight and running until June is a film series that may change 
your movie-going habits. 

The fourth annual International Style film festival opens tOnight at 8 p.m . with 
the much acclaimed Au Revoir Les Enfants and contmues to bring 14 great 
foreign films to the UCSD campus - all for a series pass of $15. 

Sponsored by the UCSD University Events and Student Activities office, 
International Style strives to bring new and eclectic films from all around the 
world to San Diego. 

It presents many San Diego premieres of films from di rectors who are 
acclaimed in their native countries and are about to break onto the international 
scene. 

All but the fi rst four films will be shown in the new Price Center Theatre, and 
individual tickets are available for $2.50, along with the $15 series passes, at the 
UCSD box office. 

Au Revoir Les EnfanLs (Feb. 2, 8 p.m., Mandeville Auditorium) was written, 
produced, and directed by Louis Malle (My Dinner with Andre) and has garnered 
praise including the Golden Lion for Best Film at the Venice Film Festival at its 
premiere in 1987. 

After 25 odd projects, this is Malle's most introspective and intimate 
film . It is based on what he calls "the most tragic memory" of his childhood, one 
that changed his life. Malle has said that his memory of these events should have 
b.:en the theme of his first film as they may have been those that triggered his 
becoming a filmmaker. 

The story takes place in German-occupied France in 1944, and involves the 
short friendship of a rich Catholic schoolboy and a brilliant and withdrawn 
Jewish boy hiding from the Germans)t is a wonderful drama of the passing of 
childhood into the turbulent realities of the adult world. 

The first film from the People's Republic of China to be distributed in the 
U nited States, Girl from Hunan (Feb. 8 , Mandeville) is the story of an arranged 
marriage between 12-year-old Xiao Xiao and a two-year-old boy named Chun 
Guan, and the girl's struggle with traditional values. 

The story, based on Shen Congwen's classic Chinese novel, Xiao Xiao, sounds 
simple, but grows complex through visual elegance; the camera travels up a 
misty mountainside, laced with pools of silver-streaked rice paddies, gleaming 
agail1§t rich green terraces. 

A low-budget sleeper that garnered several major festival awards and wide-
spread critical acclaim, Dragon Chow (Feb. 16, Mandeville) is the subtle and 
moving story of Asian political refugees living on the edge of deportation in the 
land of economic miracles, West Germany. 

The film's hero, a gentle but resourceful young Pakistani named Shezad, 
arrives in Hamburg and finds himself in an Unpromised Land of welfare hotels, 
con men, and dreaded summons from the immigration authorities. 

He manages to land a job in the kitchen of a second rate Chinese restaurant, 
where he becomes friends with an Oriental waiter named Xiao. Together they 
attempt to storm the citadel of Western capitalism by opening a restaurant of 
their own. 

What drives a compassionatl!, Christian man to murder? In The Simple-Minded 
Murderer (March 7, Mandeville) Swedish director Hans Alfredson examines the 
chain of events that drives Sven, a youth with a speech defect who m the locals 
consider the village idiot, to kill the rich, powerful, evil landowner Hoglund 
(played with suitable smug villiany by Alfredson himself). 

Using the pastoral beauty of the Swedish countryside in the 19305 as a setting, 
Alfredson creates a powerful visual masterpiece. 

It juxtaposes the harsh reality ofSven's present as a fugitive accompanied by 
his crippled love, Anna, with the dreamlike past that leads him to commit this 
crime and the hallucinatory visions that urge him on. 

Welcome in \(ienna (April 18, Price Center Theatre) is the conclusion of Axel 
Corti's trilogy about a young man's coming of age as a refugee during W orld War 
ll. 

Alfred (Freddy) Wolff r.eturns to Europe as a propagandist and translator for 
the Allied forces . There he encounters people from his past: the fascist sympa-

thize r who ran the sweat shop where Freddy worked in New York, and the bully 
who alternately protected and tormented him at school before anti-Semitism 
forced him to flee Austria. 

Unable to feel whole outside his country, Freddy makes it back to Vienna only 
to find his home in ruins. However, instead of dwelling on the pathos of war, 
Corti is more interested in building the furure. 
. Though not as rich, Man With Three Coffins (April 19, Price Center Theatre), 
IS a Korean ghost story with political implications. 

Directed by Victor Erice (The Spirit of the Beehive), EI Sur (April 19, Price 
Center Theatre), details a girl's rite of passage from childhood into adulthood. 

Beautifully shot in warm hues, the setting is northern Spain during the 
Francoist 1950s. 

El Sur, which in Spanish means " the South," holds for Estrella (the young 
protagonist played by Sonsoles Aranguren) the mystery of her father Augstin, 
who, having quarreled with his family, has never returned home. 

Agustin, played engagingly by Omero Antonutti, is a water diviner and a 
country charlatan of sorts - he is also the object of Estrella'S unquestioning 
idolatry. 

Discovering isolated pieces of her father's puzzling past - a letter evidencing a 
lost love in his past, hand-tinted postcards of Seville and Alhambra - Estrella 
becomes a faithful accomplice as well as his sorcerer's apprentice. 

Melancholy and passive, Agustin becomes irredeemably estranged, finding 
temporary solace only in his pendulum and in drinking. Estrella must travel 
south to confront the spectres that haunt her father in order to become an adult. 

The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp (April 24, Price Center Theatre) is the 
West Coast revival ofthe restored T echnicolor version of Michael Powell's great 
1943 fantasy salute to the British spirit, based on the David Low cartoon 
character , with Roger Livesey as the hero and Anton Walbrook as his German 
friend ; plus (in three roles) Deborah Kerr. 

The Legend of the Suram Fortress (May 2, Price Center Theatre) is a rare chance to 
see work by the great Soviet Georgian stylist Sergei Paradjanov. 

Au REVOIR LES ENFANTS 
February 2, Mandtvi lk Aud. 

GIRL FROM HUNAN 
February 8, Mandevi lle Aud . 
DRAGON CHOW 
February 16, Mandeville Aud. 

SIMPLEMINDED MU"OE~E~ 
March 7, Mandeville Aud. 

WEL OM E IN VIENNA 
April 18 , Price Theater 

EL SUR 
Apnl 25, Pnce Theater 

See FILM, pice 6 

UGBNDOP SULUI FoaTaliIl 
May 2, Price 'Theater 
MELO 
May 9, Price Theater 

TH E PROMIS E 
May 16, Price T heater 

WEDDING IN GALILEE 
May 23, Price T heater 

TH E MOZART BROTHERS 
May 30, Price Theater 

A TAXING WOMAN 
June 6, Pnee Theater 

r I 
t •• ,. t< H • [ " •• ,I 

Winston Rodney 

Honoring Bob Marley 
by i8abelle tihanyi 

hiatul writer 

A birthday celebration in honor of reggae legend Bob Marley 
featuring Burning Spear and Paro Banton is planned for this 
Saturday at 8 p .m. at the California Theatte. 

A special slide show will focus on Marley and his accomplish-
ments along with an authentic Jamaican handcrafts and jewelry 
show. 

Burning Spear is led by Winston Rodney of the north 
coast of jamaica's St. Ann's Parish. His new album, MislTess 
MlISic, rocks hard while th~yrics are significant in that they are, 
essentially, love songs. 

As one of the best bands in reggae, Burning Spear is impressive 
with its unusual lineup: Burning Brass, composed of three women 
who jam on horns has been appearing with the band in concert, 
and drummer Nelson Miller, keeps in syncfor an overall rhythm busy 
with percussion and soaring horns. 

If Spear plays to expectations this weekend, we should defi-
nitely have a show that will keep feet "skanking" and faces smiling 
to the "riddim." 

Pato Banton also promises to be upbeat and in step with the 
festival atmosphere. Frqm Birmingham, England, Pato is a posi-
tive creator of good vi bes. "I think that people with slack tunes are 
misusin' music," Pato asserts. "I don't see how someone can sit 
down and have a nasty thought and put that thought to music. I 
think that's sick. If I get a good thought, I think it's important to 
let people share it." 

Tickets are on sale at all TicketMaster locations including Mad 
Jacks, May Co stOl:es, Tower Records and Art Tix. Tickets are 
also available at Lou's records in Encinitas and San Diego, The 
Get lrie Shop in Solana Beach, and Trade Roots in Golden Hill 
and Ocean Beach. Tickets may also be charged by phone by 
calling 278-TIXS. 

ONLY ONCB A QUARIER au 

COFFDHOUSB 
Winter 1989 

Thurs day, Feb. 29-11 p.m . 
a t t he Warren Apartm ent C ommon. 

• Into the Homeland, about 
Powers Boothe's search for his 
missing daughter which leads 
him into the stronghold of a 
white supremacist organization, 
will show W ednesday, Feb. 8 at 
7:30 p.m. at the La Jo lla 
Museum of Contemporary Art's 
Sherwood Auditorium. 
Admission is free. 
• For $.50, don 't miss Easy 
Rider which is showi ng tonight 
at Third Lecture Han at 7:30 
p .m . For more information ca ll 
534-4450. 

• The New Writing Series 
presents poetry reading by 
Norma Cole, a San Francisco 
author, on Wednesday, Feb. 8 at 
4:30 p.m. in the Revelle For-
mal Lounge. No Admi88ion 
Charge. For more information 
call 534-2533. 

• The Government Inspector, a 
sly and satiric comedy lambast-
ing corruption and stupidity in 
government, will be performed 
Wednesday, Feb. 8 at 8 p.m. at 
the Mandell Wei88 Theatre 
Studio. Performance repeated 
Feb. 9-12 and· 15-18. Admission 
prices are: General public: $8; 
students $5; faculty, staff, 
seniors eligible for $1 discount 
on W ed., Thurs., and Sun. For 
information call 534-4950. 

' . T h e Bellv Up Tavern in 
Solana Beach has a ragin' lineup 
this month starting with The 
Beat Farmers tonight with 
guests Coman che Moon at 9 
p.m. Others this week will 
include: The R ebel Rocken, 
James Harman Band with 
Flight 19, Borracho V Loco 
with Channel 21, Mar Dela, 
Fo Mo, Delbert McClinton 
with Forbidden Pip, and 
David Lindley and EI Rayo-X 
with Monkev Meet. For more 

I • •• / ""n" ·NG 

v f 
information phone 481 -8 140. 

• The world-renowned Silrine 
Chapel Choir, a vocal ensemble 
which sings in the Pope 's liturgi-
cal ceremonies as ms official 
sanctuary choi r, will perform on 
Thursday, Feb. 2, 1989, at 7:30 
p. m. at the Good Shepherd 
Catholic Church in Mira 
Mesa. Tickets are available at 
$22 and $17.50 by calling the La 
Jolla C ham ber Music Society 
Box Office at 459-3728 
Monday-Friday between 10 a.m. 
and 5 p. m. 

• 150 Yean of Photographic 
Ideal: Selections from the 
Monsen Collection is pres-
ented by the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art from Feb. 
3-ApriI 2. 

• Four of the world's most 
honored architects, Ricardo 
Legorreta, Fumihiko Maid, 
Richard Meier, and Richard 
Rogers, will discuss their work 
at a special symposium honoring 
the founding of a new school of 
architecture at UCSD this Sat-
urday, Feb. 4 in the Mande-
ville Auditorium. For informa-
tion call 534-3400, 

• Join widely acclaimed author 
Noel R iley Fitch as she looks 
at the fascinating topic Hem-
ingway in Paris, at a UCSD 
Extension public lecture Mon-
day, Feb. 6 at the Lyceum 
Theatre. 

Through slides and readings, 
Fitch will explore the night life , 
social events, and living condi-
tions o f that time. The lecture 
will be held at 7:30 p.m. at the 
Horto n Plaza location. 

I ._-~ 
..lAia 

GrtA?FliCS 

'#et Jtan0.e-d at a ~!p)U weuld J/lend jb<-
~~ !zalj<,ad. g~ence.,~ 
Iuwc-~ atOJlow1j/ .s#u~. 

Men's Cuts .......... $4 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $19.00 

Women's Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $24.00 
With : Marlo, Jillou, or Debi 

'PRICES INCLUDE: 
graphic cut, shampoo, 
conditioning and 
professional styling 

Tickets are $10 and may be 
obtained by calling UCSD 
Extension at 534-3400 or pur-
chased at the door on a space-
available basis. 

-compiled by iaabel1e tihanyi 

0 

o 

RRrS fO IlOR 
S~B~lnA HOUPfRsonS 

Assoclm Am [OIleR 
mlHIA CRffiPOfll 

ASSISI Anl RRIS [OII ORS 
PAm Jfllif 

oonOVAn PROCH f 

muSIC fOIIOA 
LARRY WflnTRnUB 

SfnlOR SIRH WRlffR 
ISRBHLf rlHRn~1 

OfSlGn ConsulIRnr 
mlHf mAR IInfl 

0 SrnH WRIlfRS 0 
RRrHUR ASH 

LRURA 9nHfn 
Jim GRRY 

[HRISlinn HUIIAR 
JOHn HfRRm 
LRU RR HnRPp 
JfH LRmBm 

PHIL mmomn 
mlHf mRR IInfl 

LRRA ffilHR1A 
nAm munrnrn 

SRmA OGlnl 
RI[H ROHOfS 
mn SUIUHI 

OfB 81f younG 

0 

~IArus IS PUBlISMfO fVfR~ I~URSOR~ or 
r~f ACROfffilC 9fRR RS A SUPPtfffifnr 10 
I~[ um GUAROIAn R[PROOUClion OR 
US f or An~ POAlion or rHIS mlloo WIIH· 
our WRlll fO mmlsslon IS PROHIBIJ[O 
Wf w[[[om[ UOIOll[ll[O tUHRS. mRnu · 
SCRIPIS Rno RRIIUORH. BUI mum[ no 
R[SPOnGlBIIIIY rOR IHflR RmRn 

VOlUffif 21 nUffiBfR 4 



f o 

Hughes Literally 
Makes History 

by jean suzuki 
hiatus wri ter 

Sunday Night Steps 
For curious ontemporary history fans, there is a new book out 

by one of UCSD's prominenr fa ulty called Sophisticated Rebels. 
H. Stuart Hughes, professor emeritus ofhisrory, has compiled an 
interesting collection of his analyses of contemporary European 
dissent. 

Into Music Maturity 
Tht' topics concern contemporary movements, such a Solidar-

ity and nuclear disarmament, which emphasize patient and peace-
ful ways to get their messages across. 

Professor Hughes is a diver e individual with an impressive 
amount of personal experiences. A graduate of Amherst College 
in Massachusetts, Hughes went on to graduate school at Harvard 
University, spe ializing in European literature. 

He has taught at Harvard, Brown University, and tanford 
University before coming to UC Din 1975. Hughes also served 
in the army during World War n, and worked at the State 
Department before returning to academic life. 

With his interest in Europe, Hughes has travelled extensively, 
especially during his research for ophisticated Rebels. Because of 
his fluency in French, German, and Italian, Hughes was able to get 
three different points of view on the current topics he researched, 
thus making the topics within his book much more well-rounded. 

According to Hughes, the idea for the tide came from his wife. 
The book is similar to E.]. Hobsbawn's Primitive Rebels, except 
that Hughes foeu es on the non-violence of recent dissenters 
rather than past violence. 

The tirle, Sophisticated Rebels, is an oxymoron: two contrasting 
words put together. The title intentionally startles the reader and 
promotes curiosity for the book . 

See BOOK, page 5 

For those plagued with Sunday 
night insomnia, take heed, for 
there is now :In alternative to 
moronic movies or the insipid 
"Get Rich Quick Through Posi-
tive Thinking" sermons offered 
on late night local TV. 

The choice is NBC's Michelob 
Presents Sunday Nigh!. Starring as 
co-hosts, )ools Holland of 
Squeeze fame and renowned 
sax legend David Sanborn. The 
show features live musical guests 
in a format where the hosts, unlike 
their counterparts on Late Night 
and The Tonight Show, are also in 
the band . 

The emphasis of the program is 
music, and the show strives to 
present popular stars of all eras in 
an unconventional style. Guest 
are offered a chance to stretch the 
bounda ries of their talents in a liv-
ing room style set, and unlike 

"A glorious spoof of serious music." 
- Philadelphia Evening Bulletin 

'.D.Q. CH 
February 14, Tuesday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 
G.A. $15.00, Students $9.00 
UCSD Fac/Staff & Sr.Cit. $12.00 
UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 

' 1 . J ~ ... .IoK ... , .. _ 

"'~== .. -::.===--=:,:".::."" 
Presented by UCSD University Events & Student Activities Office 

by rick rhodes 
hiatus writer 

other popular variety shows, rarely 
is a band or artist present only to 
plug their latest hit. 

One recent Sunday they played 
a "best of" program that featured 

. Aaron Neville, accompanied by a 
tape of his own background vocals, 
singing "Stardust Memories." 

They also had Paul Simon con-
ducting a duo of Spanish guitarists 
dueling through a medley of Puerto 
Rican folk songs. 

Another duct found Dr. John 
and Mavis Staples doing a seduc-
tlvely soulful rendition of "I'll 
Take You There." 

And for a gospel treat, AI Green 
joined the house band for a soul-
stirring traditional that left only 
the de~d unmoved . Add to this a 
singing Dizzy Gillespe and a film 
tribute to Louis Jordan singing 
"Brother Feware" and you have a 

show that breaks new gound in 
the format of music television. 

While much of what dominates 
network TV music shows these 
days is the rehashing of the MTV 
format in specialized, market tar-
geted programs, Sunday NiRht 
shows that creative thinking has 
not been totally abandoned by 
television producers. 

Created by Saturday Night Live 
wiz Lome Michaels, the show 
dares to be different by presenting 
a concept that is a fresh surprise in 
this age of video music. 

For those who have all but 
given up on innovative television, 
Sunday Night offers hope for the 
future. So if you find yourself 
tossing and turning in dread antic-
ipation of the academic week to 
fdHow, tune in, and let the groove 
of Sunday Night move your feet 
and ease your mind. 

ON-CAMPUS NEXT WEEK 
INFO BOOTH: Monday, February 6 - Wednesday, February 8 

On "The Hump" 
10 am - 2:30 pm 

Not everyone is cut out to change 
the world. After all, it takes educa-
tion. skills and a spare two years. 
Also a willingness to work. Hard. 
This year 3,750 Americans will join 
the Peace Corps to do just that. 
They'll do things like build roads, 
plant forests and crops, teach 
English, develop small businesses, 
train community health workers, 
or even coach basketball. However. 
what they'll be doing isn't half as 
important as the fact that they'll be 
changing a little piece of the world 
... for the better. 
And when they return, these 
3,750 Americans will find that 
experience doing hard work will 
have another benefit. It's exactly 
what their next employers are 
looking for. 
So, give the Peace Corps your next 
two years. And while you're out 
changing the world, you'll also be 
making a place in it for yourself. 

FILM/SLIDE SEMINARS AND DISCUSSIONS: MEET RETURNED PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEERS 
. Tuesday & Wednesday, February 7 & 8 

Career Services Center Conference Room 
3-4:30 pm 

SENIORS APPLY NOW! 
For more information contact the Career Services Center or call Peace Corps collect at (213) 209-7444 ext. 110 

PEACE CORPS 
STILL ~ TOUGHEST JOB YOU'LL EVER LOVE. 



Book 
Continued from page 3 

In describing this new breed of 
di enters, Hughes aid , "They 
were drawing limits and trying to 
be careful, precise in what they do, 
wanting to avoid violence." 

in Poland; and the conservation 
and disarmament issues were 
aimed at bringing Europe together. 

By illustrating the movements 
in Europe, Hughes implies that 
" we need sophisticated move-
ments of protest" here in America 
because European issues like nu-
clear disarmament affect Ameri-
cans also. 

J(~. ~ HTU~ musIc TR v R OUll 
The main emphasis of tne book 

was to show how dissenters after 
the European protest failures of 
1968 changed from radicalism to 
strivi ng for smaller goals closer to 
home. Movements such as the 
European underclass composed 
of Arabs and Turks wanting 
equality; smaller countries want-
ing to keep their distinct cultural 
heritage; the Solidarity movement 

KSDT radio is proud to grace these pages with a new music trivia quiz . One winner each week will win a free 
record of their choice from a bountiful selection. In the event of a tie the winner will be selected at random froro 
the e smart few who answered correctl y. The participant with the most wins at the end of the quarter will win a 
special prize; an hour of radio rime during hump hour [Q play whatever they wish. Please submit your answers [Q 
the Guardian office by Monday after publication with your name, telephone number, add ress and major. 

Hughes' statement, " I don't give 
a damn whether America is num-
ber one - I want it to be a just, 
humane country, II sums up his 
opinion that America needs to 
focus more on societal problems 
like the dissenters in Europe, 
rather than the militarism and 
nationalism which is domina nat 
today. 

Who originally recorded these songs? Congratulations to Valerie Tihany: last week's win ~cr. 
Answers to last week's quiz: Bananarama - uV enus '1 

Run DMC - " Mary, Mary" 
Art of NOlse with Tom Jones - "Kiss" 
Ciccone Youth - "Burnin Up" 

I. Todd Rundgren 
2. Karl Wallinger, World Party 

UB40 - " Red, Red Wine" 3. The Edge, The Captive. Heroine 
From what famous text did the Byrds' 
"Turn, Turn, Turn" derive from? 

4. Walter Yentikoff 
5. Was (Not Was) 

You can 

STOP LOOKING NOW!!! 

The Biology Student Affairs Office 

has moved to 

Humanities & Social Sciences 
Room 2322 
(east wing) 

Drop in for infonnation about the Biology Department 
or for help with your Biology major, 

Or call 534-0557 

Great savings for your Mac! 

EVEREX EMAC 80 SE 
Internal 80 JIB 
hard disk 
system for your 
MaeSE. Fits 
behind your 
existing floppy 
drives. 
Performance 
specifications: 

e80 Megabyte fonnatted 
capacity 

· 19 ms average access 
time-Jasti 

·50.000 hours MfBF 
·Auto head parking 
·One year exchange 

warranty 
eIncludes EMAC Disk 

Manager software, 
multiple partitions 
and password 
protection toot 

EM .... C DIVISION 

Special 
Promotional 
Price: 
$1099 
(installation included) 

Regularly $1250 
(Offer good while supply lasts) 

University Bookstore 
Computer Center 
534-4291 

Hours: 
Monday-Friday 7:45 a.m.-5:1 5 p.m. 
Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 
Closed Sundays and Holidays 

University Bookstore 
[LJJ[ I 9§51 0 ) 

~ oIph was getting jealous of on the 
new looks in perms from London. 
So he grabbed a jet and headed 
home to LODdonto-n to check 
them out. and zoomed bock to Son 
Diego with SUtcoses full of the k1test \' ... 
techniques and ideas. So now you'= - - -- ___ -.---.....::: 
can ~ ~~ yoo British cousins! Now CO.... ~,..t· 01\.6.[ C." ~. :4 
Rolph ISIi t Jealous anymore. n·V .,." ~ Y'" 

'--- ~O""~l\.t~( \4)6.V 24 
5~~'t $f~~~e4 
C~~'}'t e~~1t\.1'l4 

SSOff 
with thisac 

- 409 UNIVERSITY - 211· ~U 
PACIFIC lEACH - 1447 GARtET - 273· ;UTS 

OCUlI lEACH - _ NEWPORT - 222 3m 
COLLEGE - 7021 EL CA.K* IlVD. - "'5052 

UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS &STUDENT ACTIVITIES PRESENT1 

Au REVOIR LES ENFANTS 
DIRECTED BY Lours MALLE 

WITH GASPARD MANBSSB) RAPHAEL FsJTO & FRANCINE RACSITE 
1987 • France • 35mm .. 103 minutes • French with English subtitles 

• Au RJ;VOIII. LES ENI'ANTS WM IN-
SPIRED BY THE MOST TRAGIC MEMORY 

OF MY CHILDH OOD. IN 1944, I WAS 
ELEVEN'YE.AJ\.S OLD AND BOARDING AT A 

CATHOLlCSCHOOLNEARFoN-

TAlNBLBhU. A NEW BOY JOINED US AT 
THE BEGINNING OF THE YllAl\.. A 

BRILLIhNTSTUDENT, HB INTRIGUBD M E. 

HE WASDIFFBRENT, HIS BACKGROUND 
WAS MYSTERIO US. L1TTLB BY LlTTLB WB 

Golden lion 
1987 Venice 
Film FestivaJ 

BBCAME PRlBNDS, THBN ONE MORNlNG , 

OUR WORLD COLLAI'SBD. '!'HAT MORN-

ING CHANGBD MY LIFE. IT MAY HAVE 
TRIGGERED MYBP.COMINGA PILMMAXBR. 

TIME PASSED, THE MEMORY BECAME 

MORE ACUTB. IMAGINATION USBD 

ME MORY AS A SPRINGBOARD, AND I 
REINVENTBD THE PAST IN THE PURSUIT 

OF A HAUNTING AND TIMELESS T RUTH.· 

LoUISMALLB 

February 2 
Thursday 
Mandeville 
Auditorium 
8:00 p .m . 
.. 

& 
Best Foreign 

Film 1987 
Los Angeles 
Film Critics 

Sc.rics Pass for fourteen films: $15.00 
UCSD Box Office & 7iiC'Kiiti:~ 
534-4559 ., __ . __ ". _ 

"-'.'-__ 11111 h • 
..-.,.. .. _ ., .. 171-"11 

Tickets: 
$2 .50 

• .' • H." • • J I 
" , • ) I 

--------------------I 25 OFF Any small . I I 0.(. medium o r la rge I 
I I" frozen yogurt I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I VOId w,th ony othe' offe' I 
110pp,ng, not ,ncluded I One coupon to a 
I customer I Expl, .. 2/5/ 8'1 
I Hours: 11 -10:30 Mon.-Thurs. I I 11 -11 Fri. & Sat. I I 12-10:30 Sun. I 
I 1170 a.g.nto ..... ...... iN (,n Von 5 ShoPPIng Cenle, ) I 

--------------------

by Christina and ChlUi 
WOMEN 514 

(reg. $25) 
MEN 512 
(reg. $19) 

f-or appointment. please 1'011 457-2930. 
8950 " ilia La Jolla D,. , S It!. 2120. Lo Jolla 
(behll1d EI Tonto dire(,tly u('ro.'s ramp.) 

@=.I! 
'I.ISMISSIOI 

SINC. tM2 

International 'and Coast to Coast Warranty 
5820 Autoport Mall San Diego, CA 92121 

(619) 552-0556 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279 ... 5955 
D' Agnessa InsuTance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 
San Diego, CA 92 I 1 1 

ALSO: HOME/ CONDO OWNER INSURANCE 

~-------------------, IF R E E SCHOLARStflP INFORMAnoN FOR I IlUDBm WHO NEED 
:MONEY FOR COLLEGE 
I Every Student Is Eligible for Some Type of Financial 
I Aid Regardless of Grades or Parental Income. 
I . We h.y •• del. bMk ~ tN. 200,000 lletings ~ IChoIershlpe. W-
I Iowshlps, gr.m .• nd Ioens. rep"'lIntillg fNf/f $10 baxlin prtvllle II4Idof lunding . I . Meny schoIershipe .... given to student. based on 1heir .eademlc 

Intereets, CIt .... plen • . I.mly herbge .nd piece ~ re8ldltnce. I . There's money .ve .... for students who heYe been ~ I earriers. grocery clelt\s. ~. non-smokers ... Me. 
Resuh GUARANTEED. I~--------~=-~~----

I CALL -"1 I ANYTIME .~ 
~-------------------~ 

.... .., ... 

u·· ... IIIAD. 
n.1IIIa..· .. 
DINCIII MODI 
.... IAftlIAIII • DC 
01 .. 80 IOIIIDO 

............. 

• Free Pregnanc~ Testing 
• Early Pregnancy Testing 
• Pregnancy Termination 
• General or Local Anesthesia 
• Affnrd"hle Birth Control 
• Diagnosis & Treatment 

of Sexually 
Transmitted Dis('as('s (STlls) 

Call the College Line 
619'535'1379 
for Studt'nt Oiscount 

Family Planning Associates 
Medical Group 

= orne., ThruUllhUUI Soulhun California 

FACSIMILE 
PAPERS 

from 
GRAPHIC CONTROLS 

Buy Direct from the Manufacturer 

Graphic Controls offers a complete line of 
dataGRAPHICI!> brand papers ta meet your 
machine type. 

Designed to provide trouble-free 
performance without increasing your costs. 

For a Facsimile product catalog or additional 
information, call 1-800·777·1067. 

101 Graphic Controls 
. , 

r " + •• t·.< t"" ," , 

Fillll 
Continued from pale 1 

Though a very complex, epi-
sodic film , it is based o n a rather 
straightforward legend, dating 
back to the Middle Ages. The 
people of the Soviet republic of 
Georgia must build a fomess to 
ward off invaders. But each time 
the wall reaches a certain level, it 
collapses. The o nly answer, a local 
soothsayer reveals , is to have a 
youth bricked up inside the wall, 
buried alive in a plaster of mud 
and eggs. 

The film is full of rapidly chang- -
ing imagery and narrat ive and 
maintains a distance from the char-
acters, but beautifully pays tribute 
to the Georgian warrior parriots 
of the past . 

Alain Resnais' Melo (May 9, 
Price Center Theatre) is a successful 
adaptation of Henri Bernstein's 
play. It is about two violinist 
friends who met as students at the 
Paris A cademy of Music. 

Now, one is the first violinist 
with the Colo nne Concert Orche-
stra, and the other is a humble 
unassuming musician, a sensitive 
dreamy man, who asks very litrle 
of life. 

The first violinist comes to 
dinner o ne night and falls in love 
with his friend's wife. What fol-
lows is a wonderful drama about 
love, love, love. 

In the Japanese film A Promise 
(May 16, Price Center Theatre) the 
pain and humiliation of senility 
take a terrible toll, not only o n the 
elderly but also on the younger 
relatives whose lives are affected. 
It is a film about an elderly woman 
found dead in the house of her son 
and daughter-in-law. The film ad-
d resses the question of euthana-
sia, since the woman has almost 
certainly died at the hands of her 
loved o nes. 

But it is even more disturbi ng as 
a study of ways in which the older 
generation's weakness and debil-
ity can affect the younger. 

Wedding inGali/ee,(May 23, Price 
Center Theatre) is ab~ut a wedding 
that opens up the raw feelings 
between Arabs and Israelis on the 
W est Banks; this pro-Palestinian 
film won the top critics' award at 
the Cannes festival last year. 

The first Palestinian feature film 
made by an insider , Wedding in 
Galilee is a poignant and complex 
yet surprisingly humane and non-
violent depiction of the tensions 
between the two groups .within a 
small, occupied Left Banlc village . 

The publicist's blurb suggesting 
that Suzanne Osten's film The 

Mo~art Brothers (May .30, Price 
Center Theatre) combines aspects 
of A Night at the Opera and Ama-
deus does it less than justice. 

The Mo:tart Brachers doesn' t 
demolish Mozart's Don Giovanni 
as the Marx Brothers · trashed 
Verdi's II Trovatore. It does, how-
ever, treat Mozart's work as an 
elusive, enigmatic monster to be 
tracked down and in some way 
understood:-

It is wonderfully hilario us. 
A Taxing Woman (] une 6, Price 

Center Theatre) is the story of the 
hardest-working tax inspector in 
Japan's version of the IRS, an 
extraordinary wo man whose dili-
gence and singlemindedness are 
matched by only one tax evader. 

The heroine is a deceptively 
innocent-looking woman who has 
found her calling as a tax collec'-
tor. Charming but ruthlessly tho-
rough in her work, she c;Iimbs the 
professional ladder of tax collec-
tors, from mom & pop groceries, 
to crooked pinball parlors, and 
finally to the big time real estate 
tycoons, gangsters, and politicians 
on the take. 

,... , "'1111 ,.,111 I 1111 /I '"' (II 11'" "HJ'Jf mn" ". '~.. . . 



8 Thursday, February 1, /989 

___ F_ E_1lPW4nR E S---

Brian Morris/ GUlrrdi.m 

Central Library's proposed new look after its $37 million expansion. 

$37 Million Expansion 
Doubles Central Library 
By RANDY DOTINGA 
Slaff Writer 

Construction will begin this fall 
on a $37 million project to expand 
Central Library. The expa nsion 

~ill more than double the capac-
Ity of the current library. 

The main part of the expansion 
will be an underground, two-level 
addition that will be connected to 
the exisiting structure. According 
to Mike Mogelinski, head of user 
services and facilities management 
for the library, the new structure 
will surround the west, south and 

~ast sides of the current building, 
In a horseshoe-like shape. 

Mogelinski said that the struc-
ture "will be built into the hillside 
[surrounding the library), and then 
plants, shrubs and grass will be 
planted over it ... [When it is 
completed) you'l see a mound 
slowly go up, but y·ou will see no 
'st ructure. ' The library will look 
basically the same as you see it 
now." 

According to Mogelinski, the 
"entire inner circle" of the horse-

shoe-shaped structure will be 
glass, and will look out on the 
library and greenery. 

The project is expected to be 
completed in roughly four years. 
According to Head of Access 
Services Ginny Steel, "There will 
be a large hole dug aro·und three 
sides of the library." The three 
sides that will be excavated are 
the west, south and east sides of 
the library. 

As a result of the exca va tion 
the fron t door of the library wili 
be moved from the south side of 
the main level to the north side of 
the bottom level of the library 
When construction is completed 
the front door will move back to 
the south side, Steel aid . 

As for the inconvenience the 
const ruction will cause to library 
users, Steel said that " We're going 
to do all we can to minimize the 
inconvenience. But we haveto say 
... there's going to be noise ... It's 
~oing to be a rough period of 
llme. 

"The library has formed a com-
mittee that's specifically charged 

See LIBRARY, page 11 

Going to EUROPE 
This Summer? 

TAKE ADVANTAGE OF OUR EXPERTISE 
, . . AND GREAT AIR FARES! 

European Travel Seminar 
MONDAY, FEB. 13, 6 PM 

North Conference Room Student Center 
Featuring information on: 

LOWEST AIRFARES. EURAIL PASSES 
• YOUTH HOSTELS . BACKPACKS 

• STUDENT DISCOUNTS . MUCH MORE! 

Your Student Travel Center 
UCSD Student Center 452-0630 

UCSD Exhibits Historical 
Black American Lit~rature 

By ANDREA ADLEMAN 
Contributing Features Editor 

"The power of literacy is so 
amazing . .. Y ou could kill some-
one that you owned, you could 
rape them, you could sell them, 
you could maim them and that 
was all fine under the law ... But 
you could not teach them to read. 
That's the awesome power of 
literacy. " 
. So explained Maryann Callery, 
dlr~cto~ of the Grove Gallery, 
which IS co-hosting the current 
exhibit of black American litera-
ture entitled" Against the Law." 
She referred to a Georgia act of 
1829 that declared that "no per-
son is permitted to teach a slave 
negro, or free person ·of color t~ 
read or write. " 

Agaln.t the Law - "A printing press demolished at slavery's 
bidding." Anti-Slavery Almanac 1839. 
Central Libraay and in the Grove 
Gallery. 

tinued Callery. "[It's] kind of nice 
to bring that awareness. Literacy 
is power, and that's why it was 
against the law. Literacy is still 
power. That's sort of what the 
University is about: literacy. So 
it's kind of a nice tie-in." Dr. and Mrs. 1.1. Kimbrough, 

community activists and leaders, 
loaned the exhibit items and 
accompanying music volumes to 
UCSD. Dr. Kimbrough, a San 
Diego dentist, explained the 
effects of prohibiting black liter-
acy while implicitly allowing slave 
abuse. 

"In order to justify the feelings 
about this . . . books [ were written] 
which claimed that the blacks 
were not human," Dr. Kimbrough 
said. "This kind of thing made 
racism much more harsh in this 
countrv ... The written word made 
[those who abused blacks] feel 
that they were justified in wha-
tever they did to the blacks be-
cause they were less than human 
beings." 

Works by such prominent black 
Americans as educator and 
NAACP co-founder W.E.B. Du 
Bois, poet Langston Hughes and 
abolitionist Frederick Douglass 
are among the books on display 
in this joint exhibit housed on the 
second and eighth floors of the 

The exhibit, which runs through 
Feb. I I, contains items from the 
nineteenth and twentieth centur-
ies such as record jaCkets and 
children's books. Books in the 
coll.ection ~eal with a variety of 

tO~ICS ranging from autobiogra-
phies of black Americans to a 
1907 publication entitled The 
Negro: A Menace 10 American 
Civilization. Several books on dis-
play are autographed by their 
a uthors . 

A series of tapes from the Kim-
broughs' music volumes includ-i~g West African rhyth~s, jazz, 
big band music, gospel, and songs 
o~ the civil rights movelT!ent, pro-
Vide background music for the 
portion ofthe exhibit at the Grove 
Gallery. The tapes were produced 
by the Kimbroughs' son Alden 
with the assistance of UCSD 
music students Shelley Doty and 
Genetta Adams. 

Callery feels that the purpose 
~f the ~xhibit is to share "a really 
nch history. We're celebrating 
Black History Month and Martin 
Luther King's birthday with the 
show. 

" I think people sometimes are 
unaware of the rich history," con-

"In spite of. nearly .three centuries of enforced illiteracy, and 
har~h separatIOn of tribal groups, [slaves] told their story in brief. 
basl~ English. They told of their suffering and hope in a poetic 
mUSIcal language that all the world came to know and love as 
America's greatest, most beautiful contribution to the world's 
mUSIcal culture: The Spiriluals and the Blues. 

Now whenever people gather in the great cities around the 
world !o~ amusement and pleasure or 10 j ust release tensions 
from life s stresses, the music of the Blues and ils lively offspring, 
Jazz, can be hpard . .... 

- Dr. 1.1. Kimbrough 

Dr. Kimbrough hopes that the 
exhibit helps black students realize 
the power of literacy, a p·ower 
that encourages them to continue 
their studies despite the increas-
ing dropout rate among blacks. 

He hopes that the exhibit shows 
"black students that they have a 
tremendous history. There have 
been some blacks who fought 
against tremendous odds to 
acquire an education," Kim-
brough said. 

"I thought that once black stu-
dents have an opportunity to see 
some of the great historical fil'!-
ures of their own race ... this 
would influence them to continue 
their education, and also turn 
them into workers to help their 
black brothers and sisters to con-
tine, so this tremendous 
dropout [rate] that we have with 
so many blacks today would be 
reversed. " 

Revelle senior Genetta Adams, 
a co-producer of the exhibit's 
audio tapes, affirms Dr. Kim-
brough's intended purpose of the 
exhi bit. 

" I think the books show that 
the people have been a ble to 
accomplish and overcome a lot of 
things," she said. "I think it's sort 
of inspirational for all the other 
black students to come in. When 
they come in, they .. . are reminded 
that this is where we came from 
and we've had to fight very hard 
to get where we are today." 

Adams feels that black students 
"should be proud of the fact t hat 

--------______________ they had people like this in the 

Ii) Rabbi DavId 'eulsch 
": """'~ of the 
Reconstructionist Rabbinical College 

WILL BE ON CAMPUS MONDAY, 
February 6, In the afternoon. 

HE WILL SPEAK ON "WHAT IS 
Reconstructionism?" at 7 p.m. 

In 412 Matthews. (Political 
Science Conference Room.) 

Please call 534-2521 
to schedule your interview, 

past who did this . It sends the 
message that you can do any-
thing. " 

Adams also feels that the exhibit 
serves to fill in "a history that's 
been sort of put in the back-
ground of 'American' history." 

"When you're in h igh school 
you don 't hear a bout all thes~ 
black people," she said . "So, when 
people see the exhibit, it reminds 
them that , yes, we do have a his-
tory in this country, albeit that in 
the past a lot of it may have been 
negative. But, the positive part is 
that we've been able to get out of 
that. " 

Warren sophomore Melissa 
Sanzo, a Grove Gallery volun-
teer, felt that the collection in-
creased her awareness of the past 
treatment of blacks. 

" I liked the way [the ex hibi t] 

'

described the theme because per-
onally I hadn 't known, until the 

show, that it was illegal to teach 
[black] people to read or write. It 

•-------------__________ .J /was very informative as well a interesting. " 

The VCSD Guardian 

\ovey,> co""e 
\ .. "e.r'> ')" 

VV'I"'>t Il.. . ~tA,/ 
~A~"t "tArt o-{ ~11"w 

FEATURES 

: Laser Prints : ----------~--------------------------~ I I I Save on LaserWritere prints now 
WANTED: MUIR COLLEGE 
ORIENTATION LEADERS 

Obtain a job referral form at Part Time Employment 
and bring it to the Muir Provost Office, 2126 H&SS. 

DEADLINE FOR APPLICATIONS: FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 10 
1lei. i. your opportunity to enjoy 0 fun 0"" rewarclinS jo"t 

.. I through ~15-89 - with this II 
coupon. Limit one coupon per 

I customer. I 
I I 

: kinko·s: 
I I 
I open 24 hours I 
I I 
I I 

: 457-3775 : 
~----------~- .. 

Thursday, February 1, /989 9 

Grove o.lIe'Y - In addition to the "Against 
the Law" exhibit, the Grove Gallery regularly fea-
tures various international objects of art. Selected 
pieces from its collection are pictured here. Top 
left to right: doll (Mexico) ; hand-painted mask by 
I.B. Ari Ratna Bawa (Bali); voodoo flag (Haiti). 
Bottom left: Torrey Pines basket by Susan Cal-
lery-Rios (California). 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

Noed not be npensivo 
S prcilll C ollere 

Stlldrfft Prorrllm 
CALL US FI RST 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 

3838 Cimino 
Dol Rio North 

IBIS 

Don't Let 
Academic Hassles 
Ruin Your Life! 

Come to the Student Advocate 
omee for help with: 
• GRADE APPEALS 
• FINANCIAL AID 
·OISCRIMI NATIO 
• HARASSM ENT 
• HOUSING 
• STUDENT RIGHTS 

The Student Advont. can actively 
represent your case 10 the 
University! Or, just come in for 
some good effective advice about 
these and many 01 her problems. 

Our office is upstairs at the 
Student Center- daily office hours 
are available. Or call us at: 
534-4450. We're there to help! 



10 Thursday . Febfllory 2. 1989 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve Week study involves daily application of 
lotion to skin and monthly visits for evaluation. 

Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
If inlere ted. call 534-4955 (leave name and 

number) or call 534-6847. 

MEXICO 7 NIGHTS 
Aupuleo "om $3(~ 

Pu .... VoHar\a from ,,,.9 
M ... _from S3f~ 

BAHAMAS 
Ft-,"am~9 

CARNIVAL CRUISE 
& Fl l.-oJ. Combo ffom $6.~ 

II 'Alp«It_ Indudooitf.,.. loo!iIitw. ..--. _A ....... _tom~ c.I "'''''''' ...... 
--. 

For R. ....... tk»ns to tntormation Cal 
1-800-PASSAGE 

----------------~ 

TWENTY-SIXTH YEAR 

Unlvenlty of San Diego 
Guadalajara Summer Session 

June 3O-August 4, 1989 
Courses fu lly accredited by the Western Association of Schools 
and Colleges (W ASC). Spanish language at all levels, Bi-lingual 
and Special Education including ESL and Reading Education, 

An, Folk Dance, Literature, Folklore, History, Sociology, 
Guitar, Political Science, Psychology, Cross-Cultural Studies. 

Tuition: $550 for 1-8 undergraduate units, $590 for 1-8 graduate 
units. Room and board with a Mexican Host Family: $550. 

Apanment and Hotel rates from $300-$600 per monlh. 
University of San Diego also has an M.A. program in Spanish. 
Students may earn credits toward the degree by attending the 

Guadalajara Summer Session. 
For Information: Guadalajara Summer Session. Unlnrslty of 

San DlcIO, Ale'" Park, San DlcIO, CA 92110-2492, 

UCSD : « ., ':\ La Jo". VlI •• ge Squar. f) \ ,/ ' ~\~ Dent.' Group OHer. You I 
Carl's Jr. 

Student I 
Special: 

I I 

\1, \ ::J.~~-' '" J) . COSMETIC BONDING • VISI". OR MASTERCARD ... • EVENING APPTS. • INSTANT INSURANCE 
• STEREO HEADPHONES EVALUATION 
• NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

• 24 HOUR ...... NCY SE .. VlCE 
• 01lAL SUIIGERY .. 0 .. WISDOM TOOTH .xntAcnON 

I BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I 
I I •• INTRODUCTORY OFFER •••••••••••••••••••••••••••• I Bacon Cheeseburger : EXAM & CLEANING ' 'Z9 R.g. ONLY S90 
i r~FREE i Includes: Cltanlng & Poltshlng. X -Rays. Oral Canal' Exam and Privat~ Consultation. Ellplres 3/'YJ/89 Offered to: students. Faculty and Staff of UCSD ...............••.•.................••............. 
I Valid at: 6788 Miramar Rd. : 

DAVID S. ESHOM D.D.S 
M ember: ADA. CDA, SDCDS, Delta Dental 

I Coupon _xpire, War. 26, 1989. One offer per coupon. 
l One coupon per customer per visit. Not valid with any ® I I other olter or discount. Price does not include tax. C!-r.:'It .. _..... I 

8861 Villa La Jolla Dr. , Suite 501 455-9151 (Oeh," d Klnko 's) 
L.@carl Karcher Enterprises. Inc. 1989 ... A"D U...-. • 
------------------------

University Bookstore 
OJJ( I I ) )1 D ) 

Zenith laptops and pes at the University Bookstore 
Zenith Road Warriors-Rough, Durable, Fast Computing 

Come in for a free demonstration! 
Battery Powered Laptops 

Take It Anywhere! 

640KRAM 
8MHz 

20 Mb Hard Disk 
Built-in Modem 

UCSD Price: $1999 
Supersport 286 

IMbRAM 
20 Mb Hard Disc 

UCSD Price: $3110 

Z-286 LP-Compatible PC 
Small Footprints--17lbs! 

1MbRAM 

Expandable to 6 Mb on 
Main Board/ 16 Mb System 

8 M Hz, 0 Wait State 

20 Mb Hard Disk 

Hat Screen VGA 
Color Monitor Included 

UCSD Price: $2389 

University Bookstore Computer Center 534-4291 
Hours: MOnday-Friday 7:45 a,m.-5:15 p.rn. 
Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Closed Sundays and Holidays 

386 Super-Advanced AT 

16 M Hz, 0 Wait State 

1MbRAM 

Expandmle to 16 Mb 

40 Mb Hard Disk 

Flat Screen VGA 
Color Monitor Included 

UCSD Price: $3779 

The UCSD Guardian 

Library 
Expansion 
Continued from page 8 
with the concerns of people using 
the library. We are going to do all 
we ca n to notify people in advance 
[of times of increased noise] and 
give alternatives in terms of ways 
to get a hold of materials," Steel 
said. She also mentioned that the 
committee will have student part-
icipation. 

In regard to the eucalyptus 
trees in the vicinity of the library, 
"Some trees will be removed for 
construction. However, a tree cen-
sus has been taken ... and an 
equal number of trees will be 
replanted," Mogelinski said. 

The existing building will be 
renovated when the addition is 
completed, Steel said. "We're go-
ing to move everything out of the 
Central Library into the addition, 
then renovate the existing build-
ing from top to bottom, then put 
the stuff back in." 

Renovation of the existing 
building will include a new cli-
mate control system and sprinkler 

system, Mogelinski said, adding 
that the transfer of the more than 
one million books from the exist-
ing structure to the addition will 
occur during school-break peri-
ods to reduce inconvenience to 
library patrons. 

Also, the current elevator sys-
tem will be improved, including a 
new mechanical switching system, 
Mogelinski said, adding that the 
elevators "won't break down as 
often." Also an additional ele-
vator will be installed. 

Mogelinski added that "The 

FEATURES 
addition itself is larger than the the Ii brary will become part ofthe 
current library . . . We will more ' Warren Mall (the area which in-
than double. the current space," cludes the new engineering build-
and have tWIce the study space. . , 

" W,e will be significantly in- 109). 'An artist has made a pro-
creaslOg the number of seats. We posal tothe Stuart Collection to do 
a re now putting shelves where we an anistic pathway approaching 
had t.udy space . . . Almost every Ihe library from the east," Steel 

said . 
area IS desperately in need of 
extra space," Steel said . The parking lot northwest of 

She mentioned that group study the li.b~ary will be metered spots 
r00I!ls, which are currently used for VIsItors only, Steel said . Stu- , 
for hbraryoperations, will become dents, staff and faculty will have 
available to students. "We're also to ta~e a shuttle from a periphery 
going to improve access for peo- parkmg lot to gel to the library. 
pie with handicaps," she added. The $37 million bill for the pro-

Steel said that most of the ject will not come out of student 
Science and Engineering Library, fees , Mogelinski said, but will 
located in Urey Hall, will move instead come from a bond issue 
into the addition. There will also ' for state schools passed last Nov-
be a "large separate reserve room" ember by California voters. 
in the addition, she said, which Models and plans for the library 

~ay be ope.n 24 hours a day. project can be seen in the lobby 
The parkmg lot to the east of of the main floor of the library. 

As shown in this model, the expansion of Central Library will not 
substantially alter its present appearance. 

Thursday, February 2. 1989 11 

WHY· 
PAY MORE FOR 

CAR INSURANCE!! 
DISCOUNTS 

You call MllrJit from tMU discolUll~: 
• Good Student - Students under 25 wilh a B average qualify for a 25% 

discount. 
• Dr!v~r's Traininc - ~tudents under 21 who pass an approved driver's 

training course quahfy for a 10% discount. 
• Defensive Dr~vinc - For passing a defensive driving course, a 10% 

discount apphes_ 
• Claim-."ree - If you hav~n't submined a claim in two years or more you 

qualify for a 5%- 15% discount. ' 
• Multi-Car .- For. coveri ng two or more cars under one policy, a 10%-15% 

discount Will be ,"clud~d on your policy. . 
• Mature Driver - Drivers between SO and 64 years of age qualify fo r a 2%-

24% discount. 

CALL NOW FOR A FREE QUOTATION (619)299-8667 
Life and Medical Available 

We!re an A+ Company, 110 Years in the Business 
Conditions and res/rictions may apply. 

ATTENTION STUDENTS 

INFORMATION & ACADEMIC LIBRARIES 

COnTEIllPOnnny 
ISSUES 
SO 

... a course deSigned to teach you strategies 
for doing library research better and faster 

S tudents who have taken CI I 50 say: "I'd recommend 
this class to anyone (just 
about) -most people aren't 
aware of the 'wealth of 
resources ' available in 
libraries. 

"Many have asked me about 
this class, and I don 't hesilate 
to tell them what a fantaslic 
and useful one it is." 

"The class is invaluable to 
anyone serious about develop-
ing research techniques and 
skills in squeezing Ihe last 
drop of information oul of the 
library." 

TWO sections of CI 150 are offered for Spring Quarter of 1989: 
Tu ••• /Thur. 1 :110-1:50 p.m. 
Central University Library (CUL) 
Room 263. Instructor: Brigid 
Welch. Telephone: 534-6819 

TU ••• /Thur •• 9:110-9:50 I.m. 
Undergraduate Library (UGL) 
Room 2100. Instructor: Paul 
Zarins. Telephone: 534-3338 

SPRinG 
OUARTER 

1989 

If you do not receive your 
T-REG mailer by Monday, 
February 6th, you will need 
to come to the Registrar's 
office to pick up a duplicate 
copy. 

PLEASE REMEMBER: 

T-REG appointment times have 
been adjusted to 48 hours 

Listen and wait for the voice 
prompt before you enter your 
transactions 

T-REG begins on Wednesday, 
February 8th and ends on Sunday, 
February 26 



, .. 

12 Thursday, Februaryl, 1989 S P 0 R T S 
----------&~~~----------
Injuries: A Part of the Game 

How Two Chargers and Three U csn Athletes Have Coped 
By DA VID ponCHA 
Staff Writer 

"Snap" is a sound most athletes 
do not like to hear. A ripping or 
tearing feeling is equally distaste-
ful. These sounds and feelings are 
the signals of an injury, some-
thing that is a major part of sports 
at any level. 

The following interviews were 
done to compare general attitudes 
toward injuries in two different 
levels of sports: college and pro-
fessional. In the professional 
ranks, injuries are commonplace, 
and surgery is part of the profes-
sion. In college sports, especially 
Division III sports where most 
athletes will not continue their 
athletic careers beyond college, 
there is a greater fear of surgery, a 
lesser number of major injuries, 
and a different attitude overall 
regarding injuries. 

It is interesting to note a few 
trends in the following responses. 
Note the terminology used by the 
pros in regard to surgery, and 
how many times they've had it . 
For example, would John Elway 
really fear minor knee surgery? 
He has had six knee surgeries and ti"ve 
elbow surgeries in the last six 
years alone. On the other hand, 
would a college player who never 
hurt himself in high school and 
suddeniy found himself without a 
functional knee, fear surgery? 

The pros will talk of "only" 
having had a few surgeries, while 
most college athletes experience 
their first surgery during college. 
The pros don't know many peo-
ple who have not had surgery, 
and the college athletes don't 
know many people who have. 

For this article five athletes 
were interviewed, two professional 
and three amateur. Both tight end 
Kellen Winslow and quarterback 
Dan Fouts retired from the San 
Diego Chargers this year, and 
both will likely end up in the Pro-

fessional Football Hall of Fame. 
Fouts retired for non-injury 
related reasons, but Winslow's 
bad knees forced him out of foot-
ball. Brian Siljander was the goalie 
for the UCSD occer team this 
year. Just before the playoffs he 
separated his shoulder, and was 
forced to watch as his replace-
ment, Greg Stadler , played 
through the National C hampion-
hips. He is just now beginning 

rehabilitation. Bill Gerlach tore 
his achilles tendon completely in 
half last February in a basketball 
game against Cal State San Ber-
nardino. Three days later he 
underwent surgery. After months 
of rehab, he has become one of 
the leading scorers for this year's 
UCSD men's basketball team , 
averaging 10 points a game -
more than he averaged last year. 
Rhonda Meier's latest injury is a 
broken wrist that has sidelined 
her since November. A senior on 
the women's tennis team, Meier 
hopes to be back in action very 
soon. 

Q: How frustrating is it to be 
injured and have to watch from 
the sidelines while other people 
play your position? 

Fouts - There is no real sense 
in worrying about being out. The 
main thing is to work on rehabili-
tation, and to always focus on 
recovery. After any injury you 
have to maintain that focus . 

Winslow - My replacements, 
Eric Seivers and Pete Houlihan, 
were good friends of mine before 
any of my injuries, so I rooted 
them on as if I were out on the 
field . I knew they cheered me on 
when they weren't playing. 

Siljander - It was kind of bad, 
especially when we got to the 
championship. Stadler did a really 
good job in the. playoffs, espe-
cially in the last two games, and it 
was tough to watch thinking thaI 

I could've done that. It got easier 
as the games went on. The first 
couple of games I felt upset, but 
after a while I just got used to it 
and accepted it. It was a great 
thing we won, but if I hadn't have 
gotten hurt that would've been 
best. If I would have kept playing 
and we losl, however, that 
would've been horrible .. . but 1 
know we would've won anyway. 

Gerlach - h was terrible. 1 
thought it was my career right 
then when [1 hurt myself] . The 
doctors were telling me that there 
was no way I was going to play 
this year. I thought that was it. 

Meier - Oh my God, it's the 
a bsolute worst. I go bananas. The 
only way I can stay sane is by 
running, riding my bike . . .it's the 
absolute worst. . .Ijust hit with my 
left hand , j ust to be out there. 

Q: What was the worst injuryyou 
ever had? 

Fouts - Any injury, at the 
time it happened, was the worst. 
The most personal injury I ever 
suffered was my broken nose. I 
mean, it was right there in my face 
and I had to look at it all the time. 
However, I can't categorize my 
inj uries or rank them. 

Siljander - This is the worst . 
The only other time I inj ured 
myself was a s a little kid, when 
omeone kicked a ball at me and I 

broke my finge r. I only missed a 
few weeks . 

Gerlach - This is the only 
serious one I've ever had. I've 
broken my nose four times, but 
the doctor just popped it back in 
place .. . in the emergency room. 

Meier - For tennis, this is the 
worst. It's lasted the longest. When 
I had compartment syndrome (a 
painful symptom associated with 
shin splints) it was really bad . 
but I could still play on it. Most of 
my injuries I can still play on, and 
J'd rather play with pain than not 
play at all, but with my arm I 
couldn't play . . .1 had a cast. When 
I hurt my knee in my first year I 
was playing lacrosse, not tennis. I 
could've graduated last quarter, 
but I stayed to play tennis, and for 
this to happen was so devastating. 

Q: What do you try and do for 
your re placements? 

Fouts - I can let them know 
what' going on and what I see, 
but on the other hand , I don 't 
want to c1uttcr their mind with 
too much data and information. I 
have to let them play their posi-
tions and try not to get in the way 
too much. 

Upcoming UCSD Intercollegiate Sports ... 

What Who When 
Baseball (M) UCSD ALUMNI Feb, 4 1:00 p.m. 
Basketball (W) CAL ST. SAN BERNARDINO Feb. 3 6:00 p.m. 

REDLANDS Feb. 4 7:00 p.m, 
Basketball (M) CAL ST. SAN BERNARDINO Feb. 3 8:00 p,m, 
Fencing (M & W) SDSU & UCSB at State Feb. 4 1:00 p.m. 
Golf(M & W) at Cal St. Dominguez Hills Feb. 3 12:00 p.m. 
Swim and Dive (W) U. OF SAN DIEGO Feb. 3 7:30 p.m. 

USC & UC Irvine at USC Feb. 4 12:00 p.m. 
Swim and Dive (M) U.S.S. ALL-STAR Feb. 4 9:00 a.m. 

Women's Tennis Team 
Looks to Banner Year 

ByJORDAN0. KARUBIAN 
Staff Writer 

According to Head Coach 
Liz LaPlante , last year's 
women's tennis squad was an 
"excellent team which barely 
missed finals." They finished · 
third in the nation, an impres-
sive achievement by any stand-
ard. The expectations for this 
year's team, however, are run-
ning even higher, and with 
good reason. 

The present squad, whose 
predecessors have been to 
Nationals evt"ry year but one, 
ha a foundation of excellence 
to build upon. Four of the top 
six players from last season are 
returning. They will be joined 
by second-seeded Rhonda 
Meier, who missed last season, 
and seven freshpersons whoall 
boast a bounty of potential. 

Aspiring to a level of play 
even higher than that of her 
peers is Christi ne Behrens, who 
is embarking on her third year 
a the team'& number-one 
player. Behrens, who was the 
number-two player in the 
NCAA last year, is "playing 
betterthan ever,"and could be 
the top player in the country 
this season. 

The team, which holds the 
preseason number three spot 
in the nation , is also shooting 
for the top. Although the 
chedule contains some chal-

Winslow - I would cheer for 
them, otherwise I didn't really 
need to do very much. I had con-
fidence in their abilities . 

Siljander - Stadler's problem 
was that he hadn't played in a few 
months, and he was just rust y. 
You never forget something you 
learn , you just need to get in the 
weeks of practice, I would go to 
all of the practices and answer 
any questions he had, although he 
didn't ask me any questions. If I 
saw something he was doing 
wrong or I thought he could use 
some help with, I'd let him know, 
but I never tried to force what I 
did on him. I didn 't want to make 
it hard for him to come back. 
Mainly, I helped him with his 
penalty kicks, and Stadler saved 
very well in the games that he 
played in. 

Gerlach - I only got to see two 
ofthe nine games, because a lot of 
them were on road trips , and they 
don't take you on road trips when 
yo u are injured . I didn 't get to say 
much , and [my replacement] 
didn't really want to hear from me 
anyway. 

Meier - It is a \i(tle differe nt 
with te nnis, but 1 want everyone 
to do her best , to make the team 
as strong as it can be. When I 
come back I'm just going to do 
my bes t. .. play the best I can. I 
just hope the team does well 
overall. More on Monday 

K.thlHn Douhue/ Guardian 
Christine Behrens is ranked 
fourth in the nation according 
to one preseason poll. 

lenging matches against the 
likes of Pomona-Pitzer and 
Occidental , LaPlante does not 
"really see any trouble" with 
regular season play. She instead 
looks forward to the postsea-
son, when the team "expects to 
get to Nationals and has the 
potential to win the tourna-
ment." Barring injury, this 
year's tennis team has every 
right to be number one. 

Men's Tennis No 
Match for usn 

The 15th-ranked Division 
I USD men's tennis team 
showed why it is one of the 
best teams in the nation, 
w'inning all six of its sin-
gles matches easily over 
doubles matches easily over 
the Division III Tritons on 
Tuesday. 

And it really wasn't close. 
The Tritons playing in the 
number one and two seed 
spots, Sig Huber and Randy 
Mark, lost theil matches 6-
1, 6-1 , and 6·2, 6-{) respec-
tively. In all, UCS D singles 
players won a total of only 
II games to the Toreros'n. 

Sophomore Alan Yap 
pointed out, however, that 
the team could have per-
formed better. "We weren 't 
playing up to our potential, 
and if we had , we might 
have had a chance, " he said . 

The Tritons (0-2) will not 
play until next Wednesday, 
when they hit the road again 
to face Point Lorna Naza-
rine. They will play their 
first home match on Satur-
day, Feb. II at 10 a .m , 
against California Lutheran. 

Upcoming U CSD Club Sports ... 
What ~ ~ 
Cycling 
Lacrosse (W), 
Lacrosse (M) 
Rugby (M) 
Surfing 

at U. of San Diego 
at Claremont 
CLAREMONT 
CSU FULLERTON 
at Santa Clara 

Feb. 4 
Feb. 4 
Feb. 4 
Feb. 4 
Feb. 4&5 

TBA 
1:00 p.m. 
1:00 p,m, 
1:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 

River Mouth 

___ C_L_A_~!~ua! lED S 
Classified adwrtising is sold in l~wonf iltCll-
menls. The rate per 15 WOlds is $1 for students, 53 
for faculty and staff, and 54 !of othlr1 Paynart in 
advance is required; lllerefore, ads must be mailal 
willi a dIeck (made out to The UCSO Guardianl or 
presented in person. Please have at change. 
Deadlines .. 4 p.m. Tllursday for Monday's paper, 
4 p.m. Monday !of Tllunday's .... The Guanlian 
reserws the riqht to muse allY adVlflising includ-
ing bat not limited to CO_unship ads. For more 
information call 534-5416. The Guatdian, UCSD, 
~6. LA Jolla CA 92IHI. 

On-campus typist can do rush lobs Melia 
558-7404 (212) 

Credit lor Your Old Tests
' 

We pick Upl Hyper-
learning. an innovative tutorial program In La 
Jolla Village Gust south 01 UCSD). IS paying 
$l / cla55 (up to $1 Olstudent) for old tests. syl-
labi, and course/seclion handouts for all Math. 
PhYSICS. Chem. and Bio classes. We believe a 
Public Test Band l Handouts File IS the only fair 
way to eliminate the setectlve advantage of the 
old test underground, and Improve the generat 
quality 01 supptements available In Ihese 
classes If you need to keep your originals. we 
will accept photocopies. All student wntlng will 
be eliminated from our file caples. Tests and 
handouts from the last four years are particu-
larly deSired. Just call 546-8273 and teave a 
message We'lI get back to you and arrange a 
convenient pick up time. Thanksl (3 / 6) 

Collegiate party favor company seeks enthusi' 
astic telemarketers. Fun lobi Call Angle at 586· 
0805 (2/6) 

TeleviSion Academy of Arts and Sciences 
offers summer Internships In 24 Internships in 
areas rangmg f~om advertISing. music to video-
tape post production There is an early deadline. 
This IS a very competitive ,nternsh,p' Come by 
ASIO (above gameroom. Student Center) or 
call 534-4689. (2/9) 

"Family LIVing and Consumer AffairS" needs 
interns ASAP to work in publiC relations, market-
ing and advertiSing for "Year of Children In San 
Diego: ' If Interested call Pat Moayed at 460-
5949 (2 /2) 

NCR offers summer Internsh ips In engineering 
and computer science. ThiS IS a very competi-
tive InternShip and there IS an early deadline 
(end of 6th week). InqUire at ASIO (located 
above gameroom) (219) 

NASA has summer Internships opportuMles 
available In engineering. blotogy. computer 
science. business and law. If Interested. Inquire 
at ASIO (located above gameroom. Student 
Center). (2/6) 

The Guardian regrets an error on the Hang 
Gliding Center ad which shOuld have read 10% 
discount to begin on 3 /6/89.(2/6) 

Don't miss Third College's Annual Semiformal 
dance'l Monte Carlo Night With danCing and 
casino games Will be held on Feb. 11 (SaL) from 
9 p.m - tam at the Sea World PaVIlion All 
UCSD and guests welcome. Get IIckets at Thlld 
Office Of Res. Life. below Oceanview Restau-
rant. Prices are $ t 2.00 each wi Thlld College 
Acltvlty Card. or $15.00 w l out. Singles encour-
aged to attend

'
! Sponsored by Th"d College 

Dean and R.H.C.(2/9) 

Ballet Folklcinco at UCSD. Thursdays 6 p.m. 
Mountain View Lounge - Third College. Eve-
ryone Wetcome (2 / 6) 

All students interested in 'WILDERNESS AND 
HUMAN VALUES" are urged to attend the 
orlentalton Tuesday. 217. from 7-9 p.m. at USB 
2722.(2/6) 

Come to MUir College's fllst annual sidewalk 
sa le on the MUir Ouad (In front of M.O.M.) 1 t -3 
Friday. Feb 3 Who Knows What You'lI 
Find"!( 2/ 2) 

Helicopter and Miniature. Free concert at A-
House (First Floor. Tenaya Hall ) Saturday, Feb. 
4th. 9 p.m (2/2) 

WANTED! • 
• 

25 motivated. : 
goal-minded people .• 

If you want 
ANANCIAL 

INDEPENDENCE 
in the next 6-24 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• months please call: • 

491·1830 • 
• 

24-hour recorded message . • 

Ski The Hole'" Your Radically InClined Ski Club 
is gOing to Jackson Hole for Spring Break 
(Mar 25· Apr 1) For only 5375 trip Includes 
transportalton (party buSI) . lodging (ski In ski 
out). 11ft IIX. parties galorel! They already have to 
foot base Any questions call RISC office X4482 
or stop by otltce 1 t -2 Monday-Thursday Or call 
Paul or Tony 558 OSKI (2/9) 

Deadlines - The deadline to apply for a spring 
Internship in San Oiego IS Fllday. Feb 3rd. Fri· 
day. Feb. 10th IS the deadliM for summer 
Internships outSide of San Diego and on the 
East Coast. Don't miSS these Important dead· 
Ilnes

'
(2/2) 

Summer Opportunities Abroad Come to a spe-
clallnformaltOn seSSIOn to learn how you might 
study. work. or travel abroad thiS summer. 
TODAY at 1 30 p m In lhe InternatIOnal Center 
Conference Room Sponsored by the Opportun· 
Itles Abroad Offlce.(2 / 2) 

Wanted - Juniors and SenIOrs lor peer counse· 
lors for Alcohol and Substance Abuse Program. 
$5 per hour See ··on·campus lobs" at Career 
Center.(2 / 6) 

Free Hallcuts" Those Willing to change the" 
style to look thell best. Auret Salon 459-0200 
(2 / 2) 

I WMTED 1 
Graduate Students Needed: to partiCipate In a 
UCSD Medical Center study on Information 
processing Partic ipants Will be paid. Please 
contact Melissa at 543·5570 lor further Informa-
han and an appolntment.(2/23) 

Earn $$$ In your spare t,me
' 

Direct sales of 
Internallonal speCialty gift Items. Pick you own 
hours and enjoy our relaxed work enVironmenl 
Call International Food and Spice Company at 
536·1052.(2 / 6) 

Yard work. S5/ hour. Work on your own sche-
dule. 2 hours per week Mow tawn (gas mOwer 
prOVided), rake. weeding. We Itve a 5·mlnutes 
walk from campus 455· 7 t 05.(212) 

Wanted Hot-Air Balloon ChaserS For More 
Information: t (800) 22t · 9475.(2 / 2) 

Sales: Major league baseball fan needed. PIT 
Big bucks I Call Homerun Services at (213) 
473·0700.(2/2) 

Wanted' Juntors and Sentors lor Peer counse· 
lors for Alcohol and Substance Abuse Program. 
$5 per hOur. See "on-campus lobs" at Career 
Center.(216) 

Branch management positions available In your 
hometown during the summer. Earn $6- 15.000 
and gain valuable business expenence. No 
investment. Act now! Call student pa inters for 
more Informalton at 1·800·426·6441. (3 / 13) 

Telemarket in I~al estate. $5 per hour piuS $500 
bonus. Walk to campus 535-1645 Rick. (2 / 2) 

F"e RecrUit Salary $14281 mo. dUring academy 
$1724·2078 / mo as Fire Fighter I. No exp req. 
Age' 18 years. SIGN UP - room 102. Casa Del 
Prado. Balboa Park Mon .. Jan. 30 through Fn. 
Feb. 3. 1989. Bam to 3 pm. ONLY. You must 
apply In person No applications by mall. Women 
and minorities encouraged to apply. Call 533· 
4331 for more Informatlon.(2 / 2) 

Buslness · to ·buslness computer rental rep. 
$20.000-$30.000. Ross 296-8000.(2/ 9) 

Part time help With handicap Child. lie. hours. 
pm's Must be patient. understanding. 259-
7876.(2 / 2) 

Keyboardlst wants to iam for fun We' II put origl' 
nals together. No COvers David 592-9690 (2 / 9) 

REWARD - Blue and Purple Patagonia jacket 
Brand new and of great sentimental value. I"ve 
tned lost and found for weeks Without luck so 
how about a S50reward Oavld 558· 7070 (2 / 9) 

S50 Mono S50 
Have you had 

mononucleosis within 
the last month? If so your 

plasma could make a 
valuable contribution to 
the medical industry, and 
earn you SSO CIt the same 

time. For additional 
details call Ms. Vawter at 

E •• ent'.' Biologics. 
22 .. 1733. 

IIBMIB ] 
PASSPORT PICTURES' New at Cal Copy Only 
5595 While you walt. Xeroxes and more Near 
St Germanms. 452-9949. (3/t3) 

MaCintosh repall and upgrades 128 K or 5 12K 
to PLUS power suppty S99.00 w i exch Reaso· 
naote rates. 100 day full warranty. FREE est" 
mates. Since t 986. next to campus Call COM· 
PUFIX: 535·0930 weekends ok Buy Macs and 
dllves (broken ok) (2/6) 

Word ProcesslIlg . laser printer gives typeset-
quality papers. 51 50/dbt spc. page Rush jobs 
available Free pickup and detlvery Craig 452-
6934 (4/ 3) 

Olga Barl ElectrologiSt. 1200 to I SOD hailS per 
hours. 3251 Hoilday·Court. SUlle 203A. (6t9) 
558· 4644 (6 19) 226· t 962). (2 1 I 3) 

TYPING - Term. Theses. Ph.D.s. Legal All 
formalS RU.$h lobs. MARIE - 931 -9596. (3 / 13) 

We Install your auto stereo and speaker sys· 
terns at the lowest rates in the co~nty . Over 20 
years experience Perlomance Auto Sound. 
74 4-7026.(3 / 13) 

Word PrOCeSSing - IBM w l laser printer Stu· 
dent Papers and Resumes Reasonable. Inpu· 
tl Output 530-0470.(3 / 13) 

Rent-to·own computers from $65 / mo IBM 
compat "free start-up and training so"ware" 
Angel Computers. 296-8000 (21t6) 

PhYSICS tutor I'm a phYSICS graduate student 
T A whO's a good and easy gOing teacher. him 
558· I 949 (2 / 2) 

Acupuncture and Herbs. Most Insurances 
accepted. Student discount Barry Olsch. C A. 
277-1366 (home) 755-3340 (ofc) .(212) 

TutOring - Math. Physics. Chemistry. Compu-
ters. Engineering. Call Mark 221-7176.(2 / 9) 

Word Processing. Student Rates. 7 days a 
week. Excellent English Skills. 755·2683.(4 16) 

Free ElectrolySIs. Permanent Hair Removal t 5 
Minutes Free With the Purchase of 15 minutes 
New Clients Only 279·8033. ElectrolYSIS StudiO 
131 5858 Mt. Alifan Dr., ~131 (just oN Balboa 
Ave )(2/ 2) 

Furniture Set: Sofabed. tables. tamp. $250 
Waterbed $75. Brass' Coat rack, ptater, teacart 
$75 558·9458 (2 / 6) 

Blcycles·Used. Ladies-Murray Monterey Mens-
Murray Citation· 10·speed 560 each. 534-
0796/ 448-143t eventngs(2 / 2) 

Save $ - Buy mall order videos. CD's and 
magazlnes.(2 / 2) 

Honda Spree. very good condition. 53501 or 
best offer. 755-8926 (2 / 2) 

HP 41 CX and Math l Stat Pack. Brand new 
Never used Both tor $165 Michael 558· 
8t94.(2/2) 

Surfboard. '"Rlggs" 6'4" Tnfln. Brand Spankln' 
New. $225 abo Oan, 481 ·0836 (2 / 6) 

MaCintosh Ram plus Hard Disks in stock. Best 
Pllces on Campus. 10-50% less than Book-
store. Mark 558·8763.(2 19) 

1985 Honda Pretude 2 dr coupe. PSI PBI AM-
FM stereo w / cassette / 5spd / tllt wheel l fold 
down rear compartment/bucket seats / pwr 
moon roof l new brakes and radlals l t yr service 
contract. Kelly Low Book - $5.900.00 Call 263· 
1833 Lve message.(2 / 2) 

Yamaha 85 CA50 scooter. red. reliable. large 
basket for groceries. etc. Garaged since 1/ 88. 
low miles. 52SO abo. Steve 453-1525.(2 / 9) 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
klnko'S' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 VIII. L8 .10118 Dr. 

FOR SALE Beta VCR only S t 00. Call Phil at 
233·8313 or 679·8260 (3/9) 

Dining room set. good condllton. beautiful wood 
Size 38" up to 94" (With matching wood Inserts). 
Only 5275.00 or best. Call Phil at 233·8313 or 
679· 8260 (3/9) 

t 986 Honda Interceptor SOO Excellent condi-
tion Runs perfect. New Metzeter Tiles. Ferodos 
Looks great. Stili under warranty $1 .800 Leave 
message at 558·6476 (3 / 6) 

IBM MOdet 25. 640K. enhanced keyboard. 20 
meg hard drive. $2.000 worth of software, 
Wordperfect 5 O. 123. Rbase and more $1500. 
Call Steve. 558·0329 or 459-3156 (2 / 2) 

Large size bean bag chairS In assorted colors 
Doubte stitching and zipper Call Harry 569-
5218 (2 / 2) 

79 Chevette New clutch. brakes. Illes. muffler. 
starter. shock absorbers. banery. AM- FM ste· 
reo Engine flushed; well maintained Very Clean 
Runs and looks great See 10 appreciate $1 ,295 
or best. 275·2045.(2 / 2) 

RCA 1 9" color TV 590. Programmable CO 
player $110 Tecmar graphiCS card $3SO or 
best 275-2045(212) 

Single room for r';nt -to non· smoking lema Ie 
(preferably Christian) $300 plus t 14 utilities -
Townhouse 2 ml 558-0326 (212) 

Mature Student to share great 3bed / 2bath. 
Cardiff house. S255 plus 1/ 3. 632· 7846 (2 / 9) 

Sunny. Extra· large I bedroom. fireplace. garage. 
washer I dryer . pool. l acuzzi . garden . 
$800 / mo 535·9355 (2/ 131 

Roommate Needed Share room. near Ralphs. 
$2SO / month. first last. depoSIt. and utitl,t,es 
Available Immediately 558·6659. (2 / 2) 

Cla"emont Two bedroom apartment to share 
With doctoral student. 30 SJSO/ month plus utl-
lites Includes pool. lacuZZl. qUiet neighbors 
Avallabte 2/ t 189 Contact Matt at 276-7004 
(2 / 2) 

PaCIfiC Beach Gorgeous new town home. 2 
storey. 3brm. 3 full baths. garage. palla. sundeck. 
and fire place Close to freeway. bay. and 
beach! Available Immediately $1 200 / mo 21 I 9 
Felspar. 272· 4314 leave message (2 /9) 

Private room In 3 bedroom NOW UTC area 
$266 67 plus t 13 u!tt,hes non·smoker aHer 6 
pm 455-7065.(2 / 6) 

Female Roommate wanted Share master bed· 
room w / bath Deluxe brand new condo Gar· 
age, laundry, pool, JaCUZZI, tenniS, microwave, 
cable. kin en $330 mo. plus 1/ 4 ulillties. Now 
through August or longer 259·7153.(2 1 t 6) 

MUIr commuter counCil NOW meets Wednes· 
days @ noon. MUIr Apt. Lounge. Come diSCUSS 
commuter Issuesl(2 / 2) 

Fantastic Summer LAW INTERNSHtP available 
for 4 students who are seniors or compleltng 
the" lunlor year. 3.0 GPA requtred. excetlent 
wrlhng Skill a must No exceptions Apply no 
later than 2110 at AcademiC Internship Pro-
gram. 406 MAAC.(212) 

Phi Detts - Thanks for a great Inttltion party. We 
had a blast Delta Gamma.(2 / 2) 

Kathy - ROSES for a FantastIC Revetle Semi-
Formal - Beautiful! Betty Boap and Bronco

' (2 / 2) 

Congratulations to all the newly Initiated Sisters 
of Delta Gamma! - The Brothers of PI Kappa 
Phl.(2 / 2) 

Congratulations TrI-Delts! You're a welcome 
addnion to our Greek famllyl - The Brothers of 
PI Kappa Phl.(2 / 2) 

RENT-TO-OWN 
COMPUTERS 

IBM COMPAnBLE 
FREE STARr UP & TRAINING sonwm 
*EASY QUALIFYING* 

FROM $65/MO 
296·8000 
ANGEL COMPUTERS 

Thursday, February l, 1989 13 

Hey all you flamln ' Alphas. ready to get down 
and party With USC? Wouldn't Stella be proud of 
AOPI' Founder's Oay Will be a btasl.(2/ 2) 

The new house looks awesome' Rob, Paul. 
Charles. KeVin and Greg. thanks for being bros 
and finding a spectacular place. Yltbas. LP.(2/2) 

Desperately seeking John Gan Please. IS A stili 
A? Respectlully. a lonely Randlnlte (2 / 9) 

WANTED. 49 People. We 'lI payyoutoloseupto 
25 Ibs in the next 30 days' Or Recommended 
tOO% natural. tOO% Guaranteed Call Ka!te 
565-8696.(2/27) 

Toour Kappa Krushes ' Ken. Paul. Dean. Mike 
K . Mike A . Chad. Roger. Bill. Arnie. Darryl, 
John. John F .. Jo~n P .. Ooug, Greg. Mark. Brad 
M . Brad S .. Danny. Brett . Omar, Richard. 
KeVin, Todd and Keith Tomorrow night IS 
almost here and we are so psyched!! See you 
there 1(2/2) 

Sandi Erickson - You are stili on my mind Call 
me soon. M. Owens.(2 / 2) 

Fat Blocker Cheater's Delight Eat the food you 
love and Slill lose we,ght

' 

t 00% guaranteed. 
lisa 565· 7906 Block that fat now!(21 I 3) 

You already know that Bulimia is about more 
than vomlltng or perfecllon You know ~ ·s a 
response and a resistance to something You've 
tiled everything else Now. readdress Issues In 
a profound way Learn to tove yourself. perhaps 
for the hrst lime. Reclaim sen esteem and per-
sonal power. Take your future into your own 
hands PatriCia Hughes .. addresslng Buhmla 
successfully .. .speCialiZing In Women's Issues. 
RegreSSion therapist PsychiC counsel. Spiritual 
teacher Channel (619) 436·0456.(2 / 2) 

All students Interested In '"Wllderness And 
Human Values" are urged to aHend the orienta· 
tlon Tuesday. 2/ 7 From 7·9 p.m. at USB 
2722.(2/ 6) 

IBiJ~@:£1 
~ Social ~ I GREEK WEEK I 

~ Rush . ~ I U We Have What I 
! You Want" ! 

~ CUSTOMIZED ~ I IMPRINTED PRODUCTS I 
I '\1fllEEK I ~ I l. 286-TEAM _~ 
---"""", .... 

11o •• ' •• in the alley in P.B.· 
FUTONS; FRAMES 
...wAY L~R & ' " I'UI'ON 
TWin S1l1.15 Ou~ St39./o5 
Full It28.25 King 1209.00 

I'U1ONS 
rWin /0' 16S: 8- _ 
Full /0' In: 8' 1ft 
0Jem /0' .s; 8' nos 
King /0' .. to: 8' .... 

STORE HOURS 
Thurs. 2·8pm; Fri. 12·5pm 
Sat. lQ.5pm; Sun. 11·3pm 

.............. 'al Ii .. _ 
n ...... tI 01' ~7CIII' 

W. CARRY INWNTOIIY. 
Prices subject to change. 

·Pacific Beach· 967 A Beryl St . 
in olley berween law and Beryl, west ott 
Casso From Garnet Ave. turn nonh on 

Cas. 51. . go 7 block. to Beryl. 

Speet"4t 
7htd4 
t6 tUQf, 

11'0 
'1'~ 

PLEDGE·ACTIVE was 
UNBELIEVABLE! 

2 DAYS till initiation ... 

Friendship in TT fJ. 
Your active sisters 



14 Thursday, February 2, /989 

Ricky Lau - U 's 
Sharpest Sharpshooter 

A handful of UCSD's best basket-
ball shooters gathered Saturday morn-
Ing to find out Just who was the cam-
pus most accurate bomber In the 
Basketball Supershot Compehtlon 
Each contestant had one minute to 
make as many baskets as he could 
from a variety of pOint ranges deSig-
nated on the floor After the preliminary 
competition Pat Menaez. Scott St John 
and Ricky Lau had the top scores 
They advanced to the finals, which 
were held at halftime of Saturday 
night's Men's Basketball game against 
Dominican 

Mendez went first and talhed a diS-
appointing 23. ten betow hiS morning 
total Next was Lau, who began by 
making a free throw but couldn't get 
any rhythm gOing and missed several 

times from the 2t-foot range before 
makong a few of those 7-polnters As 
time was running down, a long rebound 
forced Ricky near mid-court. He fired 
a 30-footer, worth '0 pOints, to send 
hiS score to 34 • 

The last fonallst, Scott St John, had 
the advantage of knOWing the score to 
beat He admitted "I could have prob-
ably lust shot the one-point layup and 
made close to 40 Maybe I made a 
tactical mistake by shooting outside " 

St. John canned several 21 -footers 
from the top of the key and appeared 
on hiS way to the top score, but hiS 
I egs began to give out as time ran out 
HIS efforts then clanged off the front of 
the rim When the ludges added up hiS 
score, St John fell short at 32, making 
Lau UCSD's Supershot champion 

Clark & Sakura dominate racquetball tourney 
lood thlnl M.rt, HDI.n 'DI.n't 10 to UCID. If III .1. hi pro ... ~I' w .. l. "IVI llIt.r. our 

Intr. mur.1 rlCqultull tollrn.,. w .. lc" wDul' ".VI It.en • ~II ml.t.lI .. You ....... WDllld 
... v. hid to 'ICI UClD'. flnl.t rlequetblll pl.,.r. Itev. CI.rll. Ind II. w .. ld hevl lOll 

Mr. Cllrll WllIt tIIrD"," ollr tollr •• mlnt 1111 •• lIDt 1I.1t1 til,... ... Itutt.r. HI .. vir IDIt. Ind III 
tit. fI •• 1 lIm.", ." .. t .... cond-pl.c. fllII.lI.r CI .. , CIIIIIII •• 11-1. 11-0. Till. m •• c.n pll" 

In the '.' .lvl.IDn It W.I • Itlt ... Dr. cDmpetltlv •. Clllrl.ll.hrl WDII til. e"l ... plD.lhlp Ittrt 
not wltllDut 10m. tOil III m.te ..... I •• 1I of 1IIIIIr.': .... t-D'-tilr. "'Itcll ... till full tllr ....... . 
lit WII till norm. I. til. flnlill •• ef ... ed JJ '1I1U1 ... 11-7. 7-11.11-4 for till elll ... p ....... I,. 

BudMan~ Intramural Rankings (as of Jan. 30) 
• ome names have been abbreviated fJecause of space limitations 

SOCCER 
M E AAA R EC. 
, Dong's In The Shower 1-0 
2 F C Juventus • • • . . . • •. 3-0 
3 Sig Epps Balls In Motion. " 2-1 
4 Gentleman's Club •••. •. ' -1 
5 MMMMMMBush • . • • • .• '-0 
MEN'SAA 
1 S Lamma Ding Dong • • •• 2-0 
2. The Rhythm Method . • • .• 2-0 

.f:> 3 Pit bulls On Crack. • . • •. 1-0-1 
4. Think We Don't • . • • • • •• 1-0 
5 Wooden Legs • . . . • • • " 2-1 
6 Raining SqUid • • . • • • • •• 2-1 
7. Sam I Am • . • _ , • . • . •• I - I 
8 The Hoffman Show . , • • .. 2-0 

COED A 

-
-------------------------1 3 Phuc • • • • • • • • • . . • •• 2-0 4 Mucoclillary Escalators •. 1-0-1 

3 Pele's Love Slav 2-0 
4 Soronty Huskies Fr Hell. •• 2-0 
5 Barium Enema . • . . . . •• 2-0 
6 Q-Chlngones • . . . • . . •• 2-0 
7 Screaming Butt Nuggets • • 1-0 
8 Screaming Mongoloids • •• '-0 
9 Simple Minded • . • • • • •. 1-0 
1 0 The Union • • • • . . . • •• 2-1 

t Dolls N' Big Balls. • • . • • • 3-0 
2. Jugadores/Flema Verde •• 2-0 
3 SqUids • • • • • • • . . • • . . 2-0 
4 V N. Girls Can Score TOOl.. ' -0 
5. Rose Petals .••••• . _ •• t -O 
6 Bodies on the Field . • • • • 1-0-1 
7 Coed Soccer Team '" •• 2-1 
8. B Billingsley Swallows. •• 1-0- 1 
9 Assorted Nuts. . • . . . •• '-0-1 
10. NOXIOUS Spew . . . • • • • • ' -0 
WOMEN'S 

Tennis Champs Crowned 
diVISion final Michael Jacobs and Mark 
Quan defeated Steve Stanonger and 
Ron Crise 8-5 on the final Jacobs, of 
Flflh College, and Quan of Warren are 
the first freshmen to win the 'B' dou-
bles title Also Jacobs IS the first Flflh 
student ever to won a speclat event 
here at UCSD 

5 Stompers •••.••.•.•. 2-0 
6 Ball, Ox and Whangers _. 1-0-1 
7 Pass The Pasta. • . • • • •• '-0 
8. Homo Erectus. • . • • • . •• 1-0 
9 Glue Snlffln Sodomltes . •• 2-0 
10 Jerry's Kids •••...•• '-0-1 
MEN'S A 
1 00 Yacht Club. • • . • . . . . 2-0 
2 Get A Job • . • • • . . . • .• 3-0 

ThiS past weekend the MUIr tennis 
courts resembled London. England In 
October for the World Grand PriX 
TenniS Doubles Championships Yep, 
we had our own verSion of a doubles 
only championship The only differ-
ence between our tournament and 
the one on London was that our UCSD 
players were probably better 

Wonnlng the Men's Open diVISion 
was the twosome of Tony Sanchez 
and Jeff Ray ThiS diVISion featured 
the best play you·1I see on campus 
These Third COllege students defeated 
a tough team of Jeff Prisk and John 
Yap 8-5 In the tonal In the Men s 'B' 

In the Mixed diVISion Nancy Cal- L ___________ --, 
houn and Mike Keegan walked away 
With an Incredible 8-0 Will over Caro-
line Gennser and Brett Tangedal They 
domonated In all their matches and 
were far and away the top team 

Congrats all on a fine ShOWing 

Front L-r: Victor ''I'm Going to Dlln'rl.nd" Schockopopoleul, R"d "Bunnr 
Hop In the Pe. Pitch" Rlrh.r. B.ck L-R: Jim "S •• IIf.II" Hlldlng, Andre. 
"The Humin Spltull" Robblnl, Rorll "I Don't Even Nlld A Nlckn.me" 
Cherry. Not pictured: Phunog "The Dong" ROCk, Mitt "I BII YOII Wllh You 
Were Stili H.re" Clrllon. 

CLIPPERS GO AAA 
Here's proof once again that winning isn't the o nly 

way to earn UC 0' most pre tigiou honor, Bud 
Team-or-the-Week. TH E CLIPPERS GO AAA , 
coached by Loron '" Use More Hair Orea eThan 
Wha t's-his-name" P ikofsky are as competitive in Men's 
AA A as ... T he Clippers are in the NBA. T his week, 
the team set evera l ' M reco rds in a 10 s to the BLU ES 
BR EA KERS by a score of 137-39! But hey. it got them 
Team-of-the-Week, d idn't it? 

Now don't let the picture fool yo u, the e guys did 
sign up for ba ketba ll. But maybe they would play 
better defense if they did u e the sticks! 

Oh well, thanks fo r the laugh, guys and congratula-
tion . This Bud 's For You! 

SUPERSTARS 
OPENS 
TODAY 

The 14th annual UCSD Superstars 
All-Sports Competition starts Its an-
nual four-day run thiS aflernoon at 
330 p m With the 60-yard dash on 
MUIr Field You ought to come on by 
and enter There's stili a little room to 
find out who really are the best male 
and female all-around athletes on 
campus BeSides that It'S a lot of fun 
anyway even If you don't have deSigns 
on winning It all 

The competition IS open to all UCSD 
students. who are eligible to compete 
as individuals or as members of a 
5-person team Those that enter com-
pete In the 60-yd dash. held goal 
kicking, welghtllftlng, softball throw, 
50-yd freestyle sWim. bowling, soft -
ball hitting, basketball supershot, high 
Jump, and mile run With teams haVing 
the optIOn of In vOlleyball 
doubles and tennis nOILJOIies.---... 

ThiS year one of the 
most competitive ever as a host of 
5000 pOint and up performers from 
past years, led by pre meet faVOrites 
JJ Fisher (6240 pts ) an I rl~ Ross 
(5903 pts ) crank It up on more l ime 
as they shoot for UCSD's all -lime 
records 

Come by Canyonvlew early In the 
day for more Info or we'lI see you 
there at the start 01 the 60 at MUff 
Field 

COEDAAA 
, Balls-N-Boots. • • • • • • •. 1-0 
2. Dick's Our Dad • . • . • • •• 1-0 
3. U Play Us U Name Us •••• 1-0 
4 F.C. Greenflow ••.•. . . • 0-1 
5. Nothing Stupid • ..••••• 0-1 
COEDAA 

1. Safari Club. • • • • • . . • .• 2-0 
2 Misfits .. • ••• • • •• . • • ' -0 
3 Lisa's lizards • . • • . • • •• 1-0 
4 Sackers With Knockers • •• •• ? 

1 Dick Watermelon. . •• 2-0 
2 Team Get Up • . . . . • . •• 2-0 

BASKETBALL 
TEA M / REC. 
M EN'SAAA 
1 Public Enemy 3-0 
2 Iceman 3-0 
3. VBF'S 2-0 
4 Ralsen Hell 3-0 
5 Dell Guns 2-0 
M E AA 
1 Last Chance at Dream 3-0 
2 Eating Raoul 
3 Ribbed Cucumbers 2-0 
4 We Come Half-Cocked 2-0 
5 Stay Out of Our Housel 3-0 
6 Otlers 2-0 

7 Dunk Docs 4-0 
8 Earth, Wind, Fife & X 3-0 
9 Buck 2-0 
ME 'SA 

COMMENT 

Defending champs are bigger 
Have been winning the close u> ,,-.t- , ... ...--
Loads of talent, but winning 
Will be tested Sunday against Su[).Iv~1eS 
Showdown With Enemy on Feb e 

FlYing high, but yet to be tested 
Tied for lead In loughest AA league 
ROiling through easy league 
Won't be tested until Feb 6 against Masons 
Will meet Raoul on Feb. 8 
Are these guys for real? Hookahs Will find 
out Sunday 
Sitting atop AA's weakest league 
Will meet Last Chance tonight at 9 15 
Have been winning the close ones 

, Old Decrepit & Slow 4-0 They are, but they're winning 
2 The Chief & the Wombats 4-0 Showdown With Just Do It Sunday 
3 Mitch Green's Debate Team 4-0 Late entrant plays like their IdOl talks 
4 Weeblls To Da Ho 2-0 Need to play to make a move 
5 Elder's Revenge 3-0 Oxygen on the bench IS keeping them gOing 
6 Seoul Bros 4-0 Just beat toughest challenge, 

7 B-Loads for Bonzo 3-0 
8 Four Score 3-0 

9 Fly Guys 3-0 
10 Back Alley Gerbals 2-0 

ME :SO 5-10 

should Win league 
Tied for lead In weak league 
Only averaging 38 pOints per game, 
but ItS been enough 
Haven't been challenged yet 
I thought It was ants In their pants 
that made them so tough 

, Sushi In Your Face 2-0 Perennial champs look laugh again 
2. Come, Shoot & Dribble 3-0 Could push SUShi for the title 
3 Nadlfah & The Sex Slaves 3-0 Will get only lest against Green Giants 
4 The Legion of Doom 2-0 AnXiously awaltng showdown With Sushi 
5 Green Giants 3- 0 Played league for league title last night 

(results unavailable at press lime) 
OED 

, Obnoxlous&HatlngDesclples 3-0 Yet to meet tough opponents 
2 Natures Best 3-0 Will be tested by Nalional Boards tonight 
3 A- I Hockslers 3-0 ShOuld Win league til Ie when 11 1 chokes 
4 Roche's Crew 3-0 Shooting 20% and stili winning 
5 Whart Rats 3-0 Squeaked by last week. are they lor real? 
WOM E 
t Pumphouse Gang 111 -0 
2 Get Wet & Drive tt tn 1-0 
3 VB IS Just a HObby 1-0 
4 Key Krushers 2·0 
5 Hoopla 1- t 

Should go undeleated until game With VB 
Might run away With the title 
Cant wail to meet Pumphouse on Feb 15 
Tough part of the schedule ahead 
Could be upset squad If they make playolfs 


