
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1989 VOLUME 66, #14 0 
UCSDHosts 
Comedy 
Competition 

By JULIE MUNRO 
Features Editor 

Eleven a piring stand-up co-
medians were given their moments 
in the limelight last week at the 
Triton Pub when a nationwide 
collegiate competition touched 
down at U SD. 

The third annual U .. College 
Comedy Competition is com-
posed of imilar events at 125 
universities nationwide, including 
27 from the West Coa 1. U D 
ha participated in the competi-
tion all three year. 

The comedian were limited to 
four minute acts and were told 
they would be di qualified if they 
u ed profanity. 

ach comedian's performance 
i videotaped and ent to New 
York for judging. According to 
tour producer Dave Wechsler, 
the finali t will be chosen by 
comedian Jerry Seinfeld ba ed 
upon "content and tage perform-
ance." 

Four national finali ts will 
receive a trip for two to Los 
Angele to see the filming of 
" omic Relief I I I." They will also 
win an all-expense paid four-day 
trip to Daytona Beach, Florida, 
where the national champion will 
be selected. 

Brian Morris/ Guardian 
Let Me Entertain You - Comic Daryl Peek performed at last 
Wednesday's U.S. College Comedy Competition at the Triton Pub. 

The boi terous crowd that filled 
the Triton Pub last Wedne day to 
watch the UCSD competition was 
treated to a wide range of comic 
styles and performance. 

Darin Barber, one of the com-
petitors, explained that he is so 
"very white" that his" un block 
has three digits." He also criti-
cized his latest girlfriend for using 
too many four-letter words, like 
"don't" and "stop." 

the front of his jeans. When the 
clerk asked, .. 'Excuse me, is that a 
record?' .. he replied, "I don't 

~h!!'f \~t. lbut I'm wet~y . P,foud of 
1 • 

One act, performed as a team 
under the name "Dante and the 
Wolfe," began their act with 
UCSD student Gerald Wolfe 
playing a stereotypical detective 
in a trenchcoat and hat with a 
cigarette dangling from his lower 
lip. His dam el in distres was a 

See COM P ETITION, page 7 

UCSD To Establish 
Science Research Park 

By SCOTT LANTERMAN 
Guardian Imern 

In an effort to peed the trans-
fer of technological di coveries to 
the marketplace and 1I1crease it 
number of re earch facilities, 
UCSD has decided to lease 30 
acres on the east side of campu to 
private indu try for the creation 
of a science re earch park. 

According to CSD School of 
Medicine Dean Gerald N. Bur-
row, the park i needed to help 
fund the extremely costly process 
of getting potential bio-technical 
products off the laboratory bench 
and to the bed ide. 

According to UC D Real 
E tate Development Director 
Mark Nelson, a committee ha 
been appointed to determine, by 
the end of the year, which kinds of 
busine es will be compatible with 
re earch currently being con-
ducted by campu faculty. 

The land, Nelon aid, will be 
leased only to companies the 
committee deems compatible with 
UC D re earch Although no 
decision have been made regard-
ing the nature of this compatibil-
ity, eJ on aid that the land "i 
not [going to become] a bu iness 
park, but a cience park." 

The park, according to Nelon, 
will have about 750,000 square 
feet of lab pace. 

Nelon said that it has not yet 
been determined whether real 
estate developer or private com-
panies will develop the land . 

The cost of the park will not be 
known until after a summer review 
by a financial consultant, Nelson 
said. He hopes an estimate WIll be 
ready by next fall. 

The labs will be completely 
autonomous entitie, according 
to Dean of Graduate ~tudies 
Richard Attiyeh, who explalOed 
that an agreement would be made 
to ensure that only scientific 
research similar to research at 
UC D be performed. It ha!> }et to 
be determined whether the em-
phaSIS on the park will be blo-
technical o r electronic. Atti}ch 
said. 

According to Attiyeh, man)-
firms have expres ed interest 111 
developing laboratorie at UCSD 
becau e of the opportunitie that 
will be afforded them through 
contact with Univer ity faculty. 

Attiyeh doe not feel that con-
tact with private indu try will 
jeopardize academic freedom. 

"Academic freedom for re-
searchers will not be comprom-
ised ," he said. "Our objective is to 
provide more opportunitie for 
graduates and undergraduates to 
work in industrial labs." 

Although Burrow aid re earch-
ers from UC D have been suc-
cessful in bringing biotechnology 
to the open market in the past , he 
noted that the financing of capital 
projects for the medical chool is 
tied to a state-determined enroll-
ment formula. 

This formula, he aid, ha 
limited tudent enrollment to 120 

See PARK, page 3 

At the Daytona Beach finals , 
"The Funniest College Comedian" 
will be chosen based on the 
audience' re ponseand Seinfeld' 
opinion. The winner will have the 
opportunity to perform at the 
Comic Strip, a well known 
comedy club in New York City. 

Barber later recalled seeing a 
sign in a fast-food restaurant 
offering "Braille menu upon 
reque t" and said, "I betthey get a 
lot of requests for that, especially 
at the drive-thru window." 

Barber al 0 explained that he 
once decided to steal the new 
R. E. M . record and he hid it down 

Los Alamos Develops Instrument 
Last year's winner wa a UC 

Ir ine tudent. 

Legislator Who Helped 
Create UCSD Dies 
B CATHERI 
Guardian Intern 

Sheridan Norri Hegland, a 
former state legIslator and educa-
tor instrumental in e tabli h-
ing the site of . D, died last 
Monday of emphysema at hIS 
Chula Ista home. He was 78. 

Hegland represented the 77th 
District , which includes North 
San Diego ounty, a Mesa, 

all brook, Vi ta, E condido and 
National ity, in the tatc 
A cmblyfrom 1954-1960. 

A a emblyper on, Hegland 
co-authored a legi lative resolu-
tion that led to the founding of a 
U campu in San Diego in 1960. 
Hegland cited e pected popula-
tion growth and in ufficient col-

legiate le'vel educational facilities 
as rea!>on for a new campus. 

"Hegland' chief concern as a 
lcgislator was higher education," 
satd Jame Mill, chairper!>on of 
the an Diego Metropolitan 
Tran it Development Board, who 
sened "."ith Hegland in the Cah-
fornia legi~lature . 

"Hegland "a very intere ted 
in prm.,iding y ung people with 
the resource!, to attend college," 
Mills said. 

It was thi interest that promp-
ted Hegland to propose law that 
led to the creation of the alifor-
nia tudent Aid ommlsslon. 

ince its founding in 1956, this 
tate and federall funded pro-

gram ha provided financial aid 
on the ba i of need and academic 

See UC D. page 3 

[IJ~ I:J [I] ~I 

By REBEKAH DENN 
Guardian Intern 

Researchers at Los Alamo 
National Laboratory recently 
developed a portable in trument 
to ave time and money in ana-
lyzing the compo ition of to ic 
wa te amples. 

The laboratory. which i 
operated by the niversity of 
California for the Department 
of Energy. developed the rna 
pectrometer to determine 

which organic (or carbon based) 
compound are in a given am-
ple of oiL water, or air. 

Most machine of this type 
are huge and comple. , but the 
uniquc Los Alamos package 
can fit in ide a two drawer file 
cabinet, and travel with the 
re 'earcher ,a cording to infor-
mation pro ided by the Lo 
Alamo Public Relation Office. 

Typical\ , cientist vi it a 
wa te site, take ample , then 
wait everal day for a labora-
tory anal i . The ample , 
however, can deteriorate dur-

Guardian Nonsexist Language 
Policy Re-examined 4 

ing that delay, u ually through 
evaporation, according to Phil 
Hemberger of the lab's analyti-
cal chemi try group. 

The new machine, developed 
through a two-year. 500,000 
program. can be taken to the 
wa te ite to deliver re ult much 
more quickly than previou Iy 
pos ible. 

l I 

"Not only do we find out 
what chemical are in the am-
ple and what their concentra-
tions are, but our in trument i 
hooked up to a computer and 
printer and a report on the 
compounds i automaticalh 
produced in a matter of mln"-
ute ," Hemberger aid. 

ee L B, page 3 

DO c::::J CJ c:J 
--

00 e 00 • 

I! .- ffiEEEE ~ 0 0_ i °G 
./ ~.I "\ 'O~ I- flh :~P' . .., 

000. ~ 
-

~'3 ~I] ii t'J 
Bench Clearing Brawl 
at Saturday's Baseball Game 

@ 
@ 
~ 

16 

@ Ge 
•• 

"pIII •• I'-~ •• 
"'1- • 
.:sea 
-M-

~ 



I~ UC NEWS 
Female UCSB Student Abducted, 
Assaulted and Robbed While Walking 

SANTA BARBARA - A 19-year-old em ale 
UCSB student was assaulted , robbed and briefly 
abducted by two unknown males Feb. 7, according to 
Detective Jeff Meyer of the Sa nta Barbara Sheriffs 
Department. 

The victim was walking at approximately 11 : 15 
p.m. when she was approached by two men in a van 
who allegedly asked her fo r money. The victim 
reported that one of the suspects grabbed her and 
forced her into the van when she said she had no 
money. 

The suspects allegedly took the vict im to Goleta 
Beach. When she struggled to get away, one of the 
suspects struck her in the head with a wrench, inflict-
ing minor injuries. They then reportedly removed $20 
from her wa llet a nd began pushing her toward the 
ocean. 

At that time, a car pulled into the Goleta Beach 
area and frightened the suspects, who fled in the van. 

Police are searching fo r the two suspects who are 
both described as slender Lat ino males in their late 
20s with short black hair. 

- Maxwell C. Donnelly, Daily Nexus 

Water Rationing Possible Within the 
Next Two Months in Santa Barbara 

SANTA BARBARA - With local water resources 
at an all-time low, and poor run-off prospects pro-
jected due to this year's dry winter season, the Goleta 
Water Board (serving UCSB) has proposed water 
rationing as a possible conservatory measure. 

The "mandatory water conservation" proposal calls 
for Goleta Valley customers to cut their water use by 
approximtely 20 percent overall, beginning some-
where between April I and May I, with fines to be 
issued to those who do not comply with the cutbacks. 

Although the recent two-day storm dumped more 
than four inches of rain in some parts of the county, 
"the [local] reservoirs received relatively minor 
amounts of run-off," said Phil Halland, hydrologist 
for the Santa Barbara County Flood Control. 

According to Rodger McLean, general manager of 
Lake Cachuma Operations and Maintenance, the 
level in the lake, which serves as the d ist rict's principal 
water source. is "lower than it's ever been since it was 

BLOOM COUNTY 

SHORTS===========-
fi lled in 1957." 

With a capacity of 205,000 acre-feet (an acre-foot 
equaling 325,900 gallons), Cachuma lake is at an all-
time low of 90,000 acre-feet. 

"It 'l help the short-term picture in that the rainfall 
will decrease the demand for outdoor [and agricultu-
ral water) use," Holland commented. 

And without a significant amount of rainfall in the 
next few months, the lake is expected to drop to 
80,000 acre-feet by May 14. Half of that will be below 
the entrance to the tunnel and thus unretrievable for 
usage. 

The area needs rainfall 150 to 200 percent above 
normal to fill the lake, because normal rainfall doesn't 
create much run-off. 

- Jeff Solomon, Daily Nexus 

Davis to Hold Affirmative Action 
Research Program During Summer 

DAVIS - The eighth Summer Undergraduate 
Affirma tive Action Research Program (SUAARP) 
will be held at UC Davis from June 19 to Aug. 11, 
1989. This program provides students with research 
opportunities in the biological, agricultural, and 
resource sciences. While SUAARP is open to all qual-
ified students, it is primarily intended for students 
from underrepresented groups, women and other dis-
advantaged students who have completed their junior 
year in colleg<:. 

Students spend eight weeks on the UC Davis cam-
pus working under the supervision of a faculty mentor 
on a research project of mutual interest. Each student 
will be treated as an integral member of the research 
team, participating in all lab-related activities. Faculty 
mentors have been chosen who are sensitive to the 
academic and social needs of the visiting student, and 
who share a common interest in increasing the 
number of underrepresented students in all are.as of 
the biological, agricultural and resource sciences. 

In addition to receiving five quarter units of inde-
pendent research credit, and a $2,000 stipend, each 
student will receive a scholarship to cover all travel 
expenses and room and board. Applicants are limited 
to U.S. citizens and permanent immigrants. Students 
will be selected on the basis of their academic record, 
letters of recommendation and statement of interest. 

The application deadline for the program is April 1, 
1989. For additional information and application 
materials contact: Dr. Robert G. Aocchini, or Nadine 
Bent-Russell at LA WR, 223 Hoagland Hall, Univer-
sity of California, Davis, CA 95616, or phone (916) 
752-7097/ 1406. 

by Berke Breathed 

Ii UCSDINFO 
UCSD Professor Carlos Blanco 
Publishes Best-Seller Novel in Spain 

Carlos Blanco, professor of literature at UCSD has 
published a novel which has become a best-seller i'n 
Spain. 

The novel, Blanco's second, is titled Un TIempo 
Tuyo, which, he said, translates roughly into "Your 
Own Time." 

The subject matter is the Spanish Civil War and its 
effect on those who were forced to flee the country. 
Blanco was just such a refugee, who left Spain with 
his family at the age of II and fled to Mexico wllere 
he grew up. 

Blanco's novel has no story line in the traditional 
sense. 
. "It's about memory," he said. "It's one voice speak-
mg through the m~mory of a mother, and childhood 
scenes, and the beginning of the Spanish Civil War in 
.1936, and travellings - comings and goings, and hav-
109 no center, and returns and absences. That first 

voi~e ell:ds on a rather negative note. It's a pretty neu-
rotic vOice." 

Other voices - a woman, a German who fought in 
the Spanish Civil War, and American who also 
fought in the war, and a famed Argentinian tango 
singer named Gardel - then enter the story, each 
character describing himself or herself and how he or 
she relates to the first voice. 

Blanco said it is doubtful that the novel will be 
translated into English. 

"I confess that [ would love it if I could go to the 
UCSD bookstore and see my novel on sale there. 
That would give me great pleasure. " 

Royal Lichtenstein Sidewalk Circus 
To Appear on Revelle Plaza Feb. 27 

The Office of Religious Affairs at the UCSD is 
sponsoring an appearance by the Royal Lichtenstein 
Sidewalk Circus on Revelle Plaza at noon on Mon-
day, Feb. 27. 

The free show, which is based in San Jose, CA, and 
calls itself "The World's Smallest Complete Circus," 
features tightrope acts, precision juggling, unicycles, a 
menagerie of trained exotic animals, including a mini-
ature stallion, clowns and mime fables with a moral. 

The circus, under the direction of ringmaster Nick 
Weber, a Jesuit priest, has performed all over the 
country and received rave reviews. 

-compiled by Leesa K. Lilht 

Lights & Sirens 
Selected entries from the UCSD police activity log 

book f or the period February 10 through February 15 

Friday, February 10 
• 3:00 p.m.: A warrant was issued to a staff 

member at the bookstore for allegedly supplying 
marijuana to others. 
Saturday, Februar 12 
• 11 :30 p.m.: Two students were transported to 

Scripps Memorial Hospital by paramedics for 
excessive alcohol consumption. Both were uncon-
scious. 
Monday, February 13 
• 8:00 a .m.: A driver of an 1989 Buick Skylark 

was transported to Scripps Memorial Hospital 
after experiencing insulin shock and running into 
a tree on North Torrey Pines Road . 
• 4: 14 p.m.: A student reported the theft of the 
front license pla te from her 1988 BMW. 
Tuesday, February 14 
• II : 15 a. m.: P olice advised a male solici tor to 

leave the campus. The suspect was reportedly 
approaching students in lot 355 near the Third 
Dorms without permission. 
Wednesday, February IS 
• 3:45 p .m.: A non-student fell three stories from 

a build ing on Lebon Drive. He was transported to 
Sharp Memorial Hospital. 

For the Week: 
Fi ve cars were reported tolen, including a 

Toyota pickup with a campershell , a 1978 Ford 
Bronco, a 1968 Ford Mustang, a Toyota Ca mry 
a nd a Buick Park Avenue. The Buick was found 
later in t he week. 

7 parking perm its were reported tolen or lost 
and I fal e parking permit was found . 

- (.ompiled by Kenneth Jensen 

Thp UCSD Guardian NEWS Tuesday, February 21, 1989 3 

LAB: Instrument Made By taking in the separate com-pounds, and accelerating them 
with electronic fields, each com-
pound travels at a charcteristic 
speed and angle. The compound 
can be identified by analyzing 
when and where it leaves the 
accelerator. 

Peter Messrobi."/ Guardian 
Sci.nce R •••• rch P.rk - UCSD Real Estate Development 
Director Mark Nelson displays a map detailing fulure construction 
east of 1-5. 

P ARK: Site Established 
Continued from page I 
per year and left no funds for 
expansion. 

Accordi ng to elson, other 
univer ities that are endowed with 
a mple la nd have developed scie nce 
parks as well. Stanford and Prince-
t o n in p a rti cular have b een 
successful in att ract ing private 
industry, he said, cit ing the "high 
quality of those fi rms" now a 50-
ciated with Stanford. He a lso 
pointed to the li nk between 
re earchers and private compa n-

ies and the increased generation 
of funds for t hat campus as signs 
of tanford' success with its 
science park. 

T he 30 acres are located ea t of 
Inte rstate 5, between Genesee 
Ave nue to t he nort h and Regents 
Road to the south . 

The park is to be ituated next 
to a proposed 120-bed cl inical 
hosp ital. Construction ofthe new 
hospital is to begin t his spring. 
The hospital wi ll eventually be 
surrounded by several peripheral 
med ical facilities . 

Continued from paRe 1 
The machine is till being lab 

te ted , and will begin a year of 
field testing this May. Hemberger 
said early results are promising. 

"In one test, we prepared a 
sample of Los Alamos dirt that 
contained 23 different com-
pounds," Hemberger said. "Our 
instrument found 19 of them in 
10 minutes. 

The group hopes to have their 
product commercially produced 
after the field tests. Private firms 
are already making transportablc 
a nalyzers, but according to Mike 
Ca nno n of the lab's instrume nta-
tion group, the Los Alamos device 
is smaller and easier to operate. 

"The need for on-site monitor-
ing," Hem berger said, "is expa nd-
ing." 

The machine could monitor 
industrial smokestacks, check the 
air in areas where workers handle 
dangerous chemicals, or track 
down the ite of a contaminated 
water supply. Mostly, though, it 
will be used for testing soil at 
waste dumps, Hemberger said. 

"If a company's been u ing a 
dump for a number of years," 
Hemberger said , "they want to 
know just what's out there." 

The machine save money in 
several ways, according to Hem-
berger. 

It can be transported to the 
testing a rea, eliminating the need 
fo r expensive laboratory time. 
Also, the device is "user-frie ndly" 
and a trai ned scientist is not 
needed to operate it. The opera-
tor can put a sample in the spec-
trometer a nd the computer han-
dles the rest. 

"The heaters, valves and plumb-

ing are a ll computer controlled," 
Cannon said. "There is almost no 
room for operator error." 

According to Hemberger, the 
computer does several self-checks 
before each analysi~, and will not 
te t the sample If it find an error. 

The two-foot high spectrometer 
box, with a computer and printer 
on the side, provides the base for 
a four-inch high, 16-inch wide 
sampling module. An attached 
3D-meter high chromatography 
column winds into a four-inch 
circle for travelling. 

The machine works by taking 
in a sample and boiling it into a 
chromatography column, which 
separates out diffe rent com-
pounds. 

"This spect rometer costs be-
tween $35,000 and $55,000 to 
produce," said Mike Story, of the 
San Jose based Finnegan Corpo-
ration which as embled a key part 
of the device later refined at Los 
Alamo . 

According to Hemberger, the 
Los Alamos group hopes to test 
their machine at different waste 
sites around the country and get 
input on how to im prove it. 

"We've demonstrated a nifty 
lab machine," he said. "Now we'l 
make a usable, reliable product 
for people." 

UCSD: Legislator Dies 
Continued from page 1 
excellence to over one million 
students. 

Before entering politics, Heg-
land pu blished several local 
newspapers including The fA 
Mesa News, The Suburbanite and 
The Pictorial. 

Edwina Hegland , his wife , 
recalled how Hegland ran the 
names of local high school honor 
roll students in his paper and, 
later on , the names of those tu-
dents who were to attend college. 

"The second list was alway 
much shorter because of [stu-
dentsl fina ncial need," she said. 

Hegland was also instrumental 
in the tate closure of "diploma 
mills," schools that sold doctorate 
degrees, aid forme r State Repre-
sentative Wanda Sankory, who 

served with Hegland. 
Hegland attracted a significant 

amount of media attention as a 
result of his extensive interviews 
and research on the problem of 
diploma mills , which he presented 
before the State Legislature in 
1958. 

In his opening statement before 
the Legislature, Hegland cited his 
high regard for the "integrity of 
degrees" as his reason for leading 
the battle agai nst diploma mills. 

Those who worked with Heg-
land duri ng a nd after his term in 
office remember hi m as a sincere 
and dedicated legislator. 

U CS D professor emeritus 
Roger Revelle, who worked with 
Hegland during the format ive 
years of UCSD. described Heg-

See HEGLAND, page 11 

uc SAN DIEGO 
N ATIONAL I SSUES F ORUM 

Did you ever think of going back to high school? We 
need energetic and culturally sensitive students to visit 

high schools as AS/SAAC Student Advocates 
for Under~raduate Diversity. 

GOAU AND OBJEcnVES 

• To educate students about spe-
cific programs and opportunities 
that make UCSD a unique and 
exciting environment in which to 
pursue an undergrauate degree 

• To emphasize the importance 
of a college education, both the 
non·academic and academic 
advantages 

• To serve a s tudent population, 
specifically Affirmative Action 
students (Black, Latino, Mexican· 
American, American Indian, etc. ) 
whose numbers a re underrepre· 
sented a t UCSD 

• To develop and maintain stu· 
dent contact between UCSD and 
target school students 

• To demonstrate the impact col· 
lege students have on the perti· 
nent issue of diversity on a Uni· 
versity level 

• To work with Student Outreach 
and Recruitment on special pro-
jects, and specifically to bring tar· 
geted students to UCSD in an 
effort to more direc tly familiarize 
them with the University 
environment 

If Interested, please pick up a brochure and an 
application In the A.S. Office. Applications are 
due by Tuesday, Feb. 21st-and Interviews will 
start during that week. 

For more information call the 
A.S. Office at 534-4450. 

PRESENTS 

AN E V EN ING WITH 

ELIE WIESEL 
NOBEL PR IZE·W INN I NG A UTHO R & H UMANIST 

"ELIIl WIESEL IS MUCH MORE TI~'1 JUST WRITER. HE IS A SYMBOL,A MNNER 
AND A BEACON, PERHAI'S THE SURVIVOR OF THE HOLOCAUST .' WASHINGTON POST 

FEBRUARY 21, TUESDAY, 8:00 P.M. IN UCSD's GYM 
G.A. 59.00, UCSD l'Ae/STAPP & SR. Crm:ENS 58.00 

STUDE.NTS $5 .00 
• 

TICKETS AVAILABLE AT 
UCSD Box O mCE: 534·4559 

PRESENTED IIY UCSD's UNIVERSITY EVENT & TUOEW A CTIVl11.ES O l-1'1CE 
IN CUNR'NCTION WITH CON ,KEGATlON B ETH EL 

==-==-=.- ANI) THh U D ECG ... NF. BlIRKl:: b :CTURESHIP ON R Ult,lON & SOCIETY 



4 TIII'.\da.l . Fl'hrtll1l'l :! I, 11)81) 

____________________________ ~ucrD~~~----------__________________ __ 

UC D GUARDIAN Editorial Board 
JOHN SHAW, Editor in Chief 
LARA MIHATA, Managing Editor 
'ElH SLATER , News Editor 
DAVID Bl'RKHAR T, Opinion Editor 

I he (,utJrd,afl 1"1 puhh"lhed '"Ice "ee~h at thro , nlH'r'lt\ ul C.tlllornI3. San Dleg(, 
Comcnt' J9~Q \ 1("''' ~\.rrc.),(d he-relll aTe not necc"')3nh thm,c of the l 'e Board 01 

Regent ... the "~lCSn or the entire G/la~(hQn \Iall 

Nonsexist Language Policy 
The Engli h language doe n't have ver good neuter nouns . 

This is the chief problem with nonsexi t \ riting, and it lead to 
awkward word like "fre hperson," "defen eper. on," and "fir t 
ba eperson. to It wa ' these last t\l 0 \I ords \I hich annoyed Phil 
Gruen. the Guardian ports editor, and which led to a re-
examination of the Guardian' policy on non exist writing. 

Gruen objected to being forced to change the names of player 
po itions to conform \I ith the polic). He argued that his writers 
didn't like it he had a signed petition from many of them to 
back that up - and that the athletes didn't like it. 

FEIFFER" 

, 
, 

He further argued that words lake "defenseper on" and '''firsl ' Letters 
ba eperson" looked ridiculou , and broke the flow of the writ·_ 
ing. He felt the "official" name. of the po itions should be u ed.'"-----------..J 

"B" permits a nd 1,498 "An per-
mits. The student population on 
this campus (u ndergrad and grad) 
is over 16,500, the staff on this 
campu (not including Scripps, 
SOM and VA) is over 7,000 and 
the faculty number really doesn 't 
matter because they're never here 
anyways (I'm sorry, I j ust had 10 
include that.) . Ah. but there's 
more. On this campu , to date. 
there are 6.176 "S" spaces, 2,091 
"B" spaces and 1.136 "A" spaces. 
Tho e numbers will change next 
year as two parking lots will be 
removed for con truction. 

Students Must 
Take Action 

Moreo\'er. he asked, wheredo wedraw the line? Should we alter Night Permit 
e\ ery word that ha ' a masculine root or connotation,) 

Iti truethattitle uchas"firstba~eman'·areingrainedinour Proposal Bad 
Editor: 

We cannot allow the adminis-
tration to get away with its new 
plan to impose nighttime parking 
permits. It is time for the students 
to put our collective foot down 
and. in effect. just say no ! 

ociet). It i also true that athletics i , for the most part, segre-
gatcd . Referring to a major league ba eball player as a "fir t 
baseperson "l,eems \'er~ sill~ . since there is no possibility that the 
player \\ ould be a \I oman. How can we at the Guardian p resume 
to change thc~e term . when the sports world IS so set in ItS ow n 
wa y ~ ') . hou Id we e\ e n t ry'! 

\ 1 of the .. e issu es \\ ere rai sed at the edit ors ' meeting l a~t wee\.:. 
It \\ a the con. en,u;, that tht, polic~ had to be cons ,tent 
throughout the paper an order to arry any weight. \\ hlle t he 

edltor~ \\cre .,\mpathetlcto Gruen\ problem. the linal \ote was 
('\en\ heimingl~ agatnst him ' among II editor;, pre~ent. t he fi nal 
\ ote \\a~ -2. with one abstention. 

/\ \ ariet~ of argume nts we re o lt e red to respo nd to Gr u e n\ 
points. O ne o f his st rongest a rguments was that his \\flters and 
the a thlete d ldn 't li ~e it. Howe\er. wnters otten dl\lik e what 
editor;, d o to thei r \I riung. and athlete. aren't alway plea ed b) 
\I hat the Guardla/l prinb. but sometime;, other consideration;, 
take precedence, A.oidang 'ex ism I;' such a case. 

The Guardian 1 committed to nonsexist writing. Language 
does IIlfluence the \\ ay people think . "Chairperson," which once 
generated the ame anger a "defenseper;,on." is now widely 
accepted. and doesn't even sound strange anymore. W ith-
o ut people being aware of It. they've redefined the image the) 
ha\e o f a person who would chair a committee. 

If the athletes object strongly to the use 01 nonsexist terminol-
og) . t hat rna) indicate that it i~ even more important that the) 
becom e a \\ are of the problem of sex l!->m the spo rts wo rld I;, 
~ardl~ a bastIOn of kminism, a n d is un li kely to beco me o ne. hu t 
a little d me of nonse. ism sho uldn 't hu rt tOO muc h 

I he ed ll o r s propo"ed se\cral comprom i.,e, . but no tota ll) 
ati,factory one could be found. Re placing "man" \\ ith "w o man" 

If the player w as female \l o u ld he a step backwards, and "fi rst 
base\\ oman" sou nd s j us t as aw kw a rd as "fIrs t ba;,eperson ." 
lJs lIlg "player" imtead o f "per on"ls at lea;,t nonsexist . but it too 
ound;, awkward. The onl) co mpromi"e whIch had any merit 

\las to u;,e different phrasing. such a;, "John mith, who plays 
first base." Again. this is awkward. but It \I a;, the best of the bad 
alternatives. 

T he editor realited that it would be the ~port~ editor who 
wou Id take much of t he heat for this decision. It is he who will 
have LO defend the polic\ t o athlele~ and hi~ \Inter even 
thut..gh he d Ie. n ot \upport th e p o lIc) \ ImplementatIO n. Anger 
and ridicule are Ii I el~ re~ r()n~e~, b ut , hopefull). rea der~ u p~et h\ 
the decl~lon '" III ta,;e out their frustrations in letters to the ed Ito r 
rather than on Phtl (Huen 

\\ recognrle the danger 01 pretentlOll'lIe~ Ih uS1llg nOIl-
eX!"t langua :lc. \~e st!cm to b<: prea l:hang. glonf yll\g our hlgh-

mlndednes . . \ ltcr al l. there is vc r) httk d ld llce t ha t \Ie \I ill 
change the world b) our u~age of t Im language But thi S IS not 
the P Oint ; we a re dOing it bl!cau~e we can, We have the freedom 
to use nonsexit wrating. and thus we feel we have an ethical 
responsibility to do ;' 0 , e ven if it sometimes results in awkward 
or inefficient writing. 

Our commitment to avoiding gender-discriminating word 
ha~ to be complete. We can't do it ;,ometimes and not others. It 
may be impossible to define the exact hmit~ of what is "sexist," 
but thi doe n't mean we shouldn't tr) . The oft-quoted view of 
the ~upreme Court on ob\cenit) 1\ applicable here' we can't tell 
'ou exa ct l) what sexism 1\ . hut we kno\l It when we sec it And 

we see it. we ha\n to tn t '!a m lllatl It 

Editor: 
The Parking Advisory Com-

mittee has just transfo rmed the 
parking situation on thiS campus 
tnto a total nightmare. They (e ight 
of the 13 members present) en-
dorsed an open resolution pon-
so red b) the l1C"ID Chief of 
Pohct:, John '\nderson. titled 
" F" panded Hours Enfo rcement." 

Currenth \\ hat is known is that 
ento r~ement \I ill be extended into 
the eV<!Olng hours and weekends 
bcglOmngJul) I . 19X9 Therewill 
be kiosb located at the entrances 
to the l Ol\en,it} which will sell 
"nlghtl) permits. "It is not known 
how much such a permit will cost. 
It i, also nOI known whether the 
police department will expand its 
evening security force or just the 
parking patrol. 

everal of the staff and facu lty 
committee members expressed 
their desire to "get the vote over 
\I it h" because the} were "tired of 
talking about the arne things." 
\1 o,t of the students. in addition 
t o the dean of Revelle College. 
opposed the re'>olu1l0n . Had the 
g rad uatt st udent representallvc 
and the o ne "mls~(Ulded" college 
representam'e changed theIr \ ote 
to "no," the r\:,olutlOn \ ote \\ould 
haw been six in la vor s!:n:n 
agaan,t 

Addlt!onallj. there were student 
committee member, absent. 

rhink about this: there are cur-
rently 7.460 .. " permits. 2.646 

Kno\Hng hO\l sharp Guardian 
readers are. you've probably 
detected that there are more per-
mits than space . "That's oka) 
because not everyone has classes 
el'err day." or w they say . It just 
seems as though I see m) friends 
here ever) day but the Parking 
people tell me they aren't 
shouldn't be. 

Ya know, I can live with all of 
that. What gets me is the fact that 
more students . staff and fac ulty 
will be purchasing parking per-
mits because of the a su red (by 
Chief Anderson) red-lining of the 
adjoining neighborhoods, regula-
tion of commercial parking (UTe. 
La Jolla Village Square. etc.} and 
need to have a permit to park on 
campm. in the evening, and 
weekends. 

You can bet (your parking 
space) that if ,omeonc has to bu\ 
a permit to parI- at night on cam'-
pus thalthc) 're also going to park 
on campus in the day. After all. 
it\ the ,arne permit For those of 
you that thank Justice has been 
served by req uiring all u~ers to 
pay the equitl argument 
then let me know how you feel 

ee PER MIT, page 5 

For years the administration 
has been flouting it completedi -
regard for the best intere ts of the 
students. most noticeablj (per-
haps) in regard to parking polic~. 
The administration ha~ done thi~ 
In the name of its precioll~ "Mas-
ter Plan" for Uc. D . the docu-
ment \\ hlch has gUided Its ambi-
liou~ to put it mildly con-
structIOn projects of the pa t fe\l 
years. It is under t he provisions of 
this plan that the administration 
ha ' overseen the doubling of the 
phy ical plant on campus in about 
fi.e yea rs . 

This growth , in and of itself, b 
not necessarily a bad thing or 
harmful to student interests. But 
the question is, how much real 
student input has there been into 
these plans, to assure that the 
wishes of the student are being 
respected? After all. shouldn 'I the 
~tude nt s have a very meaningful 
say in determining not only what 
kinds of building, arc constructed 
on campus. but. in a more general 
sense. the (J\erall role that the 

Ulliven,it~ pia} s in society? 
It is \\Ithin till', contc"t that we 

should examIne the cum;nl situa-
tion regarding pal king at UCSD 

illS a question of student nghts 
and student power. It is abo a 
question of equity, since fee in-
crease of any kand make a uni-

See ACTION, page 5 

)':UI'I'OU 
I~ 

Q & A Is a Tough Job 
day, Feb 13. on the suhject of racism. I ike I 
said. onl) seven wen. \~llItng to go on camera. In 
lact . if you were out walkang about bet \\-een I 1':10 
and ... ~O last 1o nday .. ou probably .. <tV\ me 
walking around I rna~ ha\c even approached 
YOlo a nd a,kcd you if "you \lant to he 111 the 
Guardian" Butlike most oj the other pcople. you 
too either rctu,ed to amwer the que" ion or didn't 
want your ans\\-er to be printed JO th.: Guardian, 
where. God lorbld, other st udents might read 
your answer. I want to make it clear that I'm not 
goang to write about racism at lJCSD here. 
Instead, unlike some of the other cditors. I'm 
going to write about so mething about whicn I'm 

,\. 
)~()X 

B~ I I ~ADIG HIAN 
1 \H" 1,1f~ Ph% L,b,-" 

Edil()r ItI a Bo\ appear.1 everl' MOl1clar. II'ril' 
len hi a differenl Guardian ('dllor. 

Did \ou read last week's "Q and AT' Well, an 
case you mls cd last week's e ci ting in tallment 
of "Q and A." the qucstion was: "Do you think 
UCSD ha a problem with racismT There were 
five people with their answers there as always. 
But thoe were five of the only seven people that 
would allow me to put them in the paper 

QUIte honestly, last week's "Q and A" was a 
bear to do . I poke to over 35 people last Mon-

qualified to write about d oing "Q and A." 
If you haven't figured it out ye t, I'm the little 

guy who's usually running around all over ca m-
pu with a camera and a clipboard. I'm also the 
one who get all the heat when some of you wrate 
in cri ticiling or questIOning the objectivi ty of 

See Q & A, page 5 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION Tuesday, February 21, 1989 5 

Permit couple years. It was also unavoid- is uniquely suited to lead the ling to go on camera, five are able, from the administration struggle to assert our rights. chosen in a way that represents a 
point of view, that the curb of The A.S. took a step in the variety of opinions on whatever 

Continued from page 4 Torrey Pines Rd . (from its inter- right direction by passinga resolu- the question might be. Therefore, 
next year when you buy a permit section with Genesee to the Man- tion opposing the implementa- I have no way of swaying the 

been told, "I really don't think 
that that's the way most of the 
students feel around here." Well , 
here's what 1 say to all of you 
people who sit back and watch as 
I hustle around Revelle Plaza or 
wherever and then complain about 
the answers later: gel off your lazy 
bUllS. Come to me and let me 
know what your opinion is. 

and can't find a parking space! dell Weiss Theatre) was painted tion of nighttime parking permits popular opinion in one way or 
The latest administration as- red during the summer of 1987, and circulating a petition to this another. If by chance everyone 

sault on our rights was the straw wiping out an area that served as effect. But the A.S. must take a has the same opinion on the ques-
vote by the Parking Advisory free parking for hundreds of stu- bolder stance on this issue and tell tion, then so be it. I can't do any-
Committee, (Guardian, Feb. 9) to dents. the administration that we will thing about it. 
charge people to park on campus It is just too bad , from the not allow our rights to once again You know better than to not 
between the hours of 5 p.m. and administration viewpoint, that the be trampled on. After all , there expect an anecdote ... , 

After all, that's what "Q and A ftis 
all about - your opinions. Don't 
be shy when it matters and bold 
when it doesn't. If you have some-
thing to say, then say it. If there's 
a question that you want asked of 
the students then tell me and 111 
ask it. Every week 1 talk to over 15 
people, and can only get nine or 
10 of them to go on camera. 

II p.m. The Guardian reported new lots it ha built are extremely are more than 15,000 of us and Last quarter we did a question 
that this vote was "the result ofa far away from classes, that a only about 100 of them. on what people thought of Rea-
d.irect order from Steven Relyea , shortage of spaces forces many Darin "Norm " Malloy gan. As it turned out, all the 
vIce chancellor of business af- student to desperately search the Jim Edwards answers were, well . .. not suppor-
fairs." We must take a stand lots for hours, and that theft in John Wainio ti\1e of the Gipper. 1 remember 
against this. these lots is rampaht. It is an Q & A that particular"Q and A," because 

The timing is all wrong. We "unfortunate development, "as far the UCSD College RepUblicans 
should increase enforcement / fees as the administration is concerned, wrote the Guardian a nasty letter Continued from page 4 b d h' b h h G d for parking but only when ade- that women students run the risk a mout 109 ot t e uar ian 
quate parking is available. Struc- of being attacked when they park some of the answers that are and me. The letter claimed that 
tures and facilities can be built in some of these distant lots at printed. And J have a thing or two from among thousands of college 

That reminds me: I do not 
think of all the questions that are 
asked - just some of them. We 
are always open to suggestions. and then paid for. The University night. I'd like to respond to. students, most of whom were 

does it all the time. That's what The students will not become a Contrary to what some of you RepUblicans, J couldn't find a So the next time you see me 
running around Revelle Plaza, or 
the next time you pick up an issue 
of the Guardian and happen to 
glance over "Q and A," even if it is 
just to laugh at the pictures of the 
people, think of all the hard work 
that goes into it. Have some sym-
pathy. And for God's sake, tell me 
what your opinions are so I can 
print them in the Guardian. 

bonds are all about. There's no . 'fi believe, "Q and A" is a random single person who liked Reagan. 
slgm Icant factor in this equation I' f d . . 

reason why parking needs to have samp 109 0 stu ents' opmlons. I Well, the fact of the matter is that 
unless we assert ourselves in an . the money up front. This is a ' admit that once in a while 1 see a 1 simply couldn'\. And that's that. 

. organtzed way and demand to be friend and ask him / her if he / she I d 't 
mistake. heard . It is our opinion that the on mean to be pointing fin-

Quite frankly, the Parking Associated Student government wants to be in the paper. But 98 or gers, but that is the type of reac-
Advisory Committee was only of UCSD, the body recognized by 99 percent of the time, I have no tion that many people have about 
playing a "role" in this matter tht!administrationas our represen- idea who the people I interview "Q and A ." You don't know how 
an a 0 ffi II are or what their opinions will be. many tl' mes I've been asked yw y. ur 0 Ice, as we as one tatives and which collects nearly , 
other that 1 know of, received $600,000 annually from us in fees, Each week, about 15 people are "Where did you find those peo-
notice a week prior to the com- interviewed , Oft hose who are wil- pIe?" Or how many times I've 
miuee's meeting that the enforce- ,---------------------------------------------------
ment policy would be in effect at 
the starting of the fiscal year. 1 
think thaI's probably what is 
meant by "advisory." So we 
shouldn't blame them. What we 
should do, and this is what the 
A.S. is doing, is continue our 
campaign against the "proposal" 
to Vice Chancellor of Business 
Affairs, Steve Relyea and, if need 
be, to the Chancellor. 

As it looks now however, our 
parking situation next year could 
appropriately be titled , "SDSU 
- La Jolla." 

Maynard Dimmesclale 
ASUCSD President 

Action 
Continued from page 4 
versity education that much more 
difficult for lower income people 
- a disproportionate number of 
whom are people of color - to 
afford . 

To the administration, the fact 
that tbe price of a parking permit 
rises exorbitantly every year is 
simply unavoidable, as are the 
outrageous cost of parking tickets 
and the fact that parking meter 
prices have doubled in the past 

Why apply to 
Medical school 

twice? 
Old you know Ihal only I in 4 

students accepted to U.S. Medical 
schools is a repeat apptlcanl? That's 
why it's Important to make sure 
youqlrades and your MCAT scores 
measure up ON THE FIRST TRY. 

How? The BEST way is profes· 
sionallest preparation at the 
Stanley H. Kaplan Educational 
Center. We've ~en lIivinll intensive 
care 10 MCAT candidates for over 
30 years. We start with a free 
diagnostic lest and a personalized 
computer evaluation of each 
student. Then we help you master 
all tlve subtesls with tlve classes. 
homestudy notes, strategy clinics 
and audio practice labs 

Call us now. Get II right the 
~time 

I KAPLAN 
STlHlI! H IArtlH 1000AIlOIIAI aNnR ITO 

MCATREVIEW 
Your future is worth It 
THERE'S STILL TIME 

TO PREPAREI COMPACT 
COURSES FORMING NOW. 

4760 lalfemonl MC~d BI_d 
5~n DIego. A 92117 
(619)277-6744 

• Free Pregnanr), Testing 
• Early Pregnanr), Testing 
• Pre!(nancy Termination 
• General or Loral Anesthesia 
• Mford(lhle Birth Con trol 
• Ilia)\n()si~ &: Treatment 

of Sexually 
Transmitted Disl'asl" (!'Tlh) 

Call tht' College Line 
619- 535'1379 

for Studt'llt Oiscount 

Family Planning Associates 
Medical Group 

Cii1 
Offil'~' Thrtlu~htlut South .. n C.lifornl. 

WHY· 
PAY MORE FOR 

CAR INSURANCE!! 
DISCOUNTS 

You CII" 1H"~fillrom tlr~u diJCount.: 
• Good Studtnt - Students under 2S with a B average qualify for a 25% 

dIscount. 
• Dri.~r·s Trainin& - tudenls under 21 who pass an approved dri ver's 

!raining cour 'e quail fy for a 10«, di ount. 
• O.r.nsivt DriYing - For paSsing a defenSIve driv\I\g course. a 10% 

dIScount a pphes 
• Clllm-Free • If you h._en'! submItted a claIm in t .... o years or more you 

qualify for a S"'c-IS"C dIscount. • 
• Multi.Car .- Forc()\enng two or more car, under one policy. a tl)%- 150 

dIS ount will ~ Included on )our pOlicy. 
• 'htur. Drh.r • Drivers ~t ... een SO and 64 years of age qualify fnr" 2";-

24~; dl~count. 

CALL NOW FOR A FREE QUOTATIO (619)299-8667 
Life and ledlcal vailable 

We're an A+ Company, 110 Year in the Bu ine s 
ConJutoru and rt'\tm tWfIJ mal upI'll 



•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

ATTENTION STUDENTS: 
The Associated Students is looking for a 

STUDENT GENERAL MANAGER 
for ASSORTED VINYL! Any experience in retai l and 
marketing is helpful! This is a paid position and w ill 
be posted on February 23rd, Thursday at On-Cam-
pus Employment in the Career Center. EXCITING 
OPPORTUNITY FOR AMBITIOUS STUDENT! Assorted 
Vinyl will be moving to the new University Center 
and expanding to serve the needs of all students, 
staff and faculty. Any ideas or suggestions wel-
come! Please contact the AS. Office at 534-4450. 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

WIN $SO!! 
AS LOGO CONIEST--Design a logo for the Spring Fest for Peace and 
win $50. Entries due by February 28th in the AS Office. 

GAllN 1P1UIBlLTIC §1PIBAOC:llNG §OC]LlL§ 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

COME TO THE FREE PUBLIC SPEAKING WORKSHOP OF-
FERED BY TODD BITTNER, LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT 
COORDINATOR. MARCH 2ND (THURSDAY) 7:00 PM-9:00 
PM AT USB 2722. Sponsored by University Events and 
Student Activities. 

CHEAP BOOKS! 
Use the ASUCSD Book Trader Board. Buy a cheaper book 
or sell yours for twice the Bookstore buy-back price. 
DIRECT STUDENT TO STUDENT! Call 534-4450 or come 
by the A.S. Office and fill your ad card today! 

BOOKS AVAILABLE FOR SALE 
Calculus and Analytic Geomen:y, Al Shenk, 4th Edition. 
Fundamentals of Physics, Halliday/Resnick, 3rd Edition. 
Principles of Learnin~ and Behavior, Burkhard. 
Other texts available on the Book Trader Board. 

LOST AND FOUND 
Have you lost or found an item on campus? If so, check the UCSD 
Police Department which is the official (only) lost and found location. 

UCSD AWARENESS DAY AT MESA COLLEGE 
If you're a transfer student from Mesa College or interested in 
answering questions/giving information to Mesa College students 
about UCSD, then join us fora few hours at Mesa College. For more 
information, contact Maynard in the A.S. Office (534-4450). 

GRAND OPENING CHARITY BALL 
Mr. Jay Gatsby would like to invite you to "Strangers in the Night," 
a party to be held in honor of the Grand Opening of the Price Center. 
It will be held on April 22, 1989 in the Grand Ballroom. Black Tie or 
Twenties attire is requested. Refreshments and dancing entertain-
ment will be provided for your pleasure. The evening's entertain-
ment will begin promptly at 9 PM. 
(A Charity Ball to be held for Student Scholarships sponsored by 
ASUCSDand UCB. Admission is$25 per couple and$15single for 
students. Regular admissio'n is $40 per couple and $25 single. 
Ticket sales will beQin finals week at the Box Office . 

FRIDAY, FEB. 24TH 
BONE DADDY'S 

4:~PM AT THE HUMp 
OPICALFUNK 

A~S. FtlM SERIES PRESENTS 
"PINK FLOYD THE WALL" 

ON MARCH 2ND, THURSDAY AT 7:30 PM IN TLH 
104! ONLY .50 CENTS! OR PURCHASE A MEMBER-
SHIP CARD AT THE BOX OFFICE! 

ATTENTION ALL 
STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS: 

1989 SPRlNG Q·UARTER 
BUD,GET 

REQUESTS ARE DUE: 
FRID.A Y, FEBRUARY 24TH 

AT 4:30 PM 
OBTAIN REQUEST FORMS FROM MARY IN 
THE STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS OFFICE 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS; 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL 
A voice for FREEDOM! Join us for Letterwriting on Wednesdays at 6:30pm in HUL 
1205. 
SOCIETY OF WOMEN ENGINEERS 
EVENING WITH INDUSlRY--Society of Women Engineers is holding its 7th annual 
Evening with Industry on February 25, 1989. Chemical, electrical, structural, civil, 
computer sci., etc. will be there! Over twice as many companies compared to last yearl 
Tickets are on SALE! See us on the Revelle Plaza Thursdays and Fridays (10:30 to 
12:30) or leave a nole in EDNA 1-4. 
FLYING CLUB 
S-3 Viking Aircraft Simulator Tour at VS-41, at North Island Naval Air Station! I! 
UNION OF CLASSICISTS 
The Union of Class icists at UCSD will present the film Ulysses on Wednesday,February 
22 in lLH 104. Kirk Douglas stars as Ulysses in this movie, which dramatizes the 
Homeric tale of Ulysses's wandering after the Trojan War before finally retmning to his 
homeland, Ithaca. The movie is FREE and the doors open at 8:00pm and the movie will 
start at 8: 15pm. Everyone is welcome. 
WOMEN'S RESOURCE CENTER 
Discussion group on Pornography vs. Erotica every Tuesday al6 PM in the Women's 
Resource Center. 
REVEI.LE COLLEGE COMMUTER ADVISORY BOARD 
Comedy Night in the Pub ... Revelle College Commuter Advisory Board invites 
commuter students to come and see comedians from the Comedy Store do their best on 
the Pub's stage. Dan Simmons and Dante I!"d the Wolfe; Comedy Team will make your 
night. Don't miss this event Remember, it's funny if you go 10 the Pub on Tuesday, 
February 28 at 8PM. Ha, ha, hall 

(Paid upplemen/) 

The ue D Guardian NEWS 

COMPETITION: Young Comedians 
Are Given Moment in the Limelight 
Continued from page 1 
woman who had lost her virgin-
ity, Virginia Nomora. The team 
has performed at the Improvisa-
tion and The Comedy Store and 
carries its own business cards. 

Contestant Dean Steinberger 
frantically ran around the stage 
imitating a dog sniffing out his 
territory, before asking the aud-
ience, "Have you ever seen them 
stub their nose?" 

Comedian Daryl Peek built 
some of his material around what 
it is like to be a black student at 
UCSD. He asked white females in 
the audience to raise their hands, 
and then asked this target group, 
"How come, when I get in an ele-
vator, you all grab your purses 
like you have a million dollars in 
it?" 

The first comedian to perform 
was fresh person Pete Crooks. The 
slim Crooks stepped on stage and 
began by saying that the first re-
action of many is, "This guy is 
huge! " He later went on to explain 
that when "fat people say stupid 
things" such as 'you're so skinny 

you're gonna disappear,'" he 
simply retorts with ~not unless I'm 
behind someone like you." 

Crooks later moved on to attack 
television's Mr. and Mrs. Cleaver, 
who he described as "two respon-

sible, upper middle class white 
parents," for nicknaming their 
son "Beaver." 

"Why don't we name him after 
a slang word for the female ana-
tomy?" Crooks asked rhetorically. 

BrIan Morris/ Guardian 

• 

• 

FEBRUARY 25 • 1989 

Tuesday, February ZI. /989 7 

Bidding for Laughs - Comedian Pete Crooks (left) and the 
stand-Up team known as Dante and the Wolfe (above) were two of 
UCSO's 11 entries in the U.S. College Comedy Competition. 

PHOTO MEETING 
Tuesday, Feb. 21 

at 4 p.m. 
For old, new, and 

everyone! 
If you can't be there, please let 
Kathleen or Ali know at 534-6580. 

MICHAEL FOULKS 
Advertising Manager 

SHENDL DIAMOND 
Business Manager 

MIKE MARTINEZ 
A dverrising Designer 

E. LEIGH HENRY 
General Assistant 

JEFF SYMON 
Advertising Representative 

JO PINCEK 
Advertising RepresellIalive 

Tb~ UCSO Guardian 
8·016. La Jolla, CA 92093 
Editorial: (619) 534-6580 

B .... iness: (619) 3466 
The Guardian is located '.extlo the 

Che Cafe. 

~aCcod' 
HAIR DESIGNS 

UCSIJ MAIN GYM . 8PM 
ClAlREMONT SQUARE 

(NlAI 1(.) VU <S. 274-2600 

~ UCSD Campus Recreation QJorono . E '<'1'11 
MIRA MESA 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENIRE 
1\ fK);)!) H«)IV1 rv'\A: ... r, lHL ~,Itll 

4S5-0.120 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPr . NOl NECESSARY 

MANICURIST AVAlI.A8LE 



8 Till' dol', Fl'bruary 21, 1989 

-----FEATURES-----
____________________________ ~VcrD~~~--------------____________ __ 

Nobel Peace Prize Laureate 

Holocaust Survivor Lives With Memories 
By ElEO 
Slaff WTller 

\\ e have so much to learn from 
>lmple thing~. "such a the impor-
tance of word ." Elle Wiesel said 
" If the world had taken Hitler 's 
words a~ seriousl) as he d id . I 
t hink that "ould ha\e pn.'\ ented 
[the Holocaust]." 

Wiesel. as a teenager, wa~ an 
IIlmate of the Auschwitz and 
Buchenwatd concentration camps. 
In his memoir, ighr, he power-
fully describes the horrors of being 
surrounded by piles of corp es 
a nd the lingering odor of the mass 
cremations of Jews by azi sol-
dier . 

"Tho e who went through the 
Holocau t ... are the strongest 
Jews on Earth . .. nothing can 
crush them ," Wiesel said . 

To have experienced the Hoto-
caust wa to have witnessed com-
plete madness. " I believe that any-
one who was in the camp came 
out deranged , ~ Wiesel said . "When 
you have seen what they have 
seen, how can you not keep some 
madness?" 

Livi ng the nightmare of the 
'azi death camps, Wle el found 

him elf con tantly questio ning his 

faith in God ThiS theme ~earch­
ing tor faith in a world that makes 
faith difficult i~ found In hl~ 
boob follo~mg the completion 
of .\Ighl Hi, \\ orb number more 
than .10, four of them have been 
perfo rmed as play • . 

In his", mings, Wiesel focuses 
on characters who are almost 
ah\a)~ Holocaust univors . The 

Living the nightmare 
of the Nazi death 
camps, Wiesel found 
himself constantly 
questioning his faith 
in God. 

geographic and perso nal settings 
are greatly influenced by his own 
ex periences after the war. As a 
urvivor, he felt an obligation to 

educate the world on the truth 
behind this human tragedy. 

"I don't believe the aim ofJiter-
ature is to entertain . .. it used to 
be. 1 don't believe it anymore," 
Wiesel said. 

Described a "something of an 
American Jewi h folk hero, " 
Wiesel enjoys a popularity which 
has been compared to that of 
Reverend Billy Graham with fun-
damentalist Protestants. There 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ! '"'''''''''' 30 ~ S ! 
! 'wnH TH<S AD 1 ~" "~9" i 
• Wolff Syslem • 2nd 30 Tan Days $39 all for details • 1--------------------------1 
I Lose up to 18" • 
= in one session = 
= $39 European Body Wrap = 
• i'!ot a temporary waler los> • Reduce cell ulite . No excrelse I 
• LA JOLLA 459-5165 TAN PACtFIC BEACH 581 -9060 • 
• SOLANA BEACH 259-3150 4 LESS SPORTS ARENA 297-WRAP I. 
• · Intro Monl Wrap-call for delalls hP"~.112JI8~. 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

I , a constant demand for hi, pres-
renee at Jc\\-ish communal meet-
mgs. and letterhead. and master-

head~ are adorned with hi name. 
Although not belonging to any 

synagogue nor attending religiou~ 
services regularly, Wiesel has \\Ion 
the admiration of a huge spec-
trum of reJtgious opi nion . 

Driven by the philosoph) that 
de pair can be tran muted into a 
positive force , and can be over-
come through com passion and 
communal solidarity, [this] prag-
matic political activist" has fought 
for civil rights for Jews in the 
Soviet Union and Arab countries. 
The state of Israel is another of his 
strong political concerns. 

Wiesel' wife, Marion Erster, 
escaped the Holocaust when her 
family fled from Vienna 1.0 France 
after the azi occupation of Aus-
tria. When France was later occu-
pied by Germany, she and her 
family were placed in a detention 
camp but later escaped to Swit-
zerla nd . It was in this country that 
she received the majority of her 
chooling. The two met in the mid-
'60s and were married in 1969. 

Mr . Wiesel serves as her hus-
band 's E nglish translator, because 
F rench is his written language. 
The language became a " refuge, a 
home" for the author. 

Wie el is also active on the lec-
ture circuit, dehvering 20 to 30 
lectures each year. But he insists 
he ~does not write or speak directly 
about the Holocaust." He spea ks 
around it, not a bout it. According 
to Weisel, "it cannot be described 
... it is unexplainable." 

Photo by Tom Strickland 
El ie Weisel will lecture this evening in the Main Gym. He speaks 
"around" the Holocaust, because it "cannot be described." 

He believes that it has been 
overexposed to "superficial 
study." It is a sacred topic 1.0 the 
survivor. He focuses on the mys-

tery of the Holocaust, "for only 
those who were there will ever 
know what really happened ." 

Are there any effects from the 
Holocaust that are still visible 
today? According to Wiesel , there 
are. "If it hadn't been for the 
Holocaust there would have been 
no I rael," he said . 

The catastrophe also strength-
ened Jewish solidarity, as seen 
in the Soviet Union with the rise 
of Jewish nationalism during the 
I 970s. 

Wiesel has earned many honors 
for his work. In 1986 he received 
the obet Peace Prize and the 
Medat of Liberty Award . Since 
1976 he has been a facutty member 
at Boston University. 

Elie Wiesel will be speaking on 
campus Tuesday, Feb. 21 at 8 
p.m. in the Main Gym. Tickets 
for the lecture are $5 for students, 
$8 for senior citizens and $9 for 
ge neral admission. They can be 
purchased either at the UCSD 
Box Office (534-4559) or from 
Ticket Master outtet . 

Symphony Hall 
SAN DIEGO 

WElCOMES 
"An Outspoken 

Evening with 

MORTON 
DOWNEY, JR." 

Sunday, Feb. 26 

Tic kets available at: All ~"ZZd""'~ Locations including 
May 0 . , Mad Jacks, Tower Records, or 

charge by phone at 278-8497 

,. ; de v,. 1"1, Qn~ 
"' .. one. t:I1.re 

-

<;id, I'\ i"6'> Scj" ;,.,,, 
w,t'" "~1 ;11\t' 

')v'o' to \eM 
~"''\e'f 1" ~t '10 .. ff'i., ~r 

The UCS D Guardian FEATURES 

Speak E-Z 
Rubes® By Leigh Rubin 

Illegal aliens have 
always been a 
problem in the 
United States. 
Ask any Indian. 

Robert Orben 

I have a rock gar-
den. Last week 
three of them died. 

Evan Davis 

Winter is nature S 
way of saying, 

_ II Up yours. " 
Robert Byrne 

I don't have any 
trouble parking. I 
drive a fork lift. 

Jim Samuels 

/ 
I 

/ 

I; 

1/ 
// 
I ( 

I 

ROBERT'S 
• ~ SAAB 

German • Swedish. Japanese Auto Service 
All work fully guaranteed. Factory Trained SPecialists 

Specializing In: 
• MAJOR SERVICES • FUEL INJECTION 
• TUNE-UPS • ELECTRICAL 
• BRAKES • EXTENDED WARRANTIES 
• TRANSMISSION • ENGINE REBUILDING 

Mon.-Fri. 8 am-5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am-5 pm a 
V~ (619)275-1132 W 

•

_ . 4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego !ff1lll!'GIIPlflR 
We '4.~e and rcromme"d KIndall - /.ubricants 10 our ru '(t"mpr,~ 

--------------------------------10% OFF on all repairs* with this coupon 
"Excepi molor alld Irallsmissioll overhalli. Noll'alid w;lh allY other CO IIPOII. 

Learn about career opportunities 
W,tll Japanese flrlllS In 

JAPANESE MANAGEMENT 
AND INDUSTRY A STUDY TOUR 

TO TOKYO 

} 
~ 

UCSD GUARDIAN 
CLASSIFIED AD 

RATES 
(per 15 wordl): 

IndivIdual 
IludJml.o 

(Iar person.1 u~ 
"-..$1 ; , 
Faculty and Itall 

$3; 
All others - $4. 

Student 
OrganIzations pay 
Ihe $3 rate · not 
the student ralel 

Please enclose the 
correct amount to 
Insure publication 

01 your ad. 

Thank you. 

" JULY 6-24, 1989 f ~ Establish contacts with leaders of industry and earn 6 units 
...).-..-.- of upper division credit studying Japanese management 
. f, a practices in Tokyo. Program includes visits to Japanese 

-1 /' -l.-. companies and meetings with business, school and 
~ ,:; government officials. 
... ~ \. 
5~ 
l 

Tour is led by UC Santa Barbara Professor of Econom ics 
and a Japan-based Professor of Management. No language 
requirement. Pre-trip orientation is July 5 at UC Santa Barbara. 
Cost is $3,475 including round-trip airfare from LA, 
accomodations (not meals) at the Asia Center and tuition. 
For further information and brochure contact: 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, EXTENSION 
SANTA BARBARA, CA 93106 

805-961-4143 or -3697 

Tuesday, Fl'bruary 21, 1989 9 

.5 MOIIL $(IM(( e.le_ ucso 
* 

* f • a ~V"l.~ • £.OAII U ~ f ~ 
• Self service copiers. Volume discounts. Professors notes 

• Copies white you wait. Book Binding. Free Parking 

HOURS: M-TH 8 :3~6:30, Fri. 8:3~6, Sat. 12-4 
3211 Holiday Court, La Jolla 
Next To St. Germain's 451-"4' 

Real Estate 
Analyst 
Program 
LET OUR 2·YEAR PROGRAM 
BE A PRELUDE TO YOUR MBA! 
Want some rock-sohd commercial real estate 
experience before pursuing your MBA? Then 
conSider th iS great opportunity With THE' 
PRUDENTIAL. the natlon's largest real estate Investor 
We re looking for energetic. ambitiOUS SA's and 
BS 's (who are planning to apply to top bUSiness 
schools In 1991) for a challenging 2-year aSSIgnment 
In our Real Estate Analyst program. To qualify. you 
need a B+ or better undergraduate GPA and a 
strong mathematical aptitude. An IntenSive training 
program wiliohelp prepare you for real estate 
modeling and financial evaluation aSSIgnments 
ThiS program prOVides outstanding on-the-Job training . 
expeflence. and exposure to real estate markets and top 
Investment profeSSionals. The Prudential offers 
attractive starting salafles With comprehenSive benefits 
To apply. send your resume and a copy of your 
college tranSCrtpt. by March 10. to: 
THE PRUDENTIAL REALTY GROUP 
Los Angeles Realty Group Office 
2029 Century PIIrk E.SI , Suile 3600 
Los Angeles, Cellforni. 90067 
Alln: ANilyst Progl'lm 

THE BIGGEST IS LOOKING FOR THE lEST! 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

The Prudential 
Realty Group ~ 

ThePrudentl8l., 

.. 



I 

10 Tut'Sd~, February 21.1989 

MO DA\'S AND FRIDAYS 
2;00.3-00 p.m - The Oa';;ls Grammar and MrchJOICS 
workshop 1" drslgnE"d for student ~ hOSt' first language IS nOt 
English and wh ... "'1 would like to work on danf)'lng ba';;lc 
gramnullcal concepts and applyang thrm tn an ("\I('n51"(". 
s\'s[cmJllC 'O('n(."5 of pra(ul.tl eJC("n:I~s An c>.crcl'O(' manual will 
he uo;;ed All work will be completed In the cOnlt'xtof c1ass L'S8 

10 
MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY 
8 :00 .. m.-4:30 pm and 130·8'00 pm (Tu...!,)' and 
Thursday) - The language Program pro\',dcs JS:.lc;,unl",(' t('\ 
students ",hose natiVe Ianguagr Iii O('t Enghsh and 10 tho<>e 
dl1tng work In Japa.nese. Spanish. Frrnch. Gennan Hebrew 
and other language.;;, A dl3gno'Otll.. lest on wTllten Engh h J J 
st"cond lln~uagE" IS J\'Jlbblc on rcqutSt Call ~34·2284 for more 
,"farmonon L:<;B 4010 
2.30.1.30 pm. (Monday and Fnday). 12.30'" 30 p.m. 
(Wed""sday). II ·OOa m · l ·oop.m. (Tu<5dayandThunday) 
and 2'00·5:00 p.m. (Tuesda) - HOM" worksh0p' and 
mdl\,tdual 3.S5lsun c for frtshprrcoons and t,ophomolTs The 
work::ohop Will focus on (he shon paper the essa) exam and 
the professor ao;; d panner Srudcnts",11 ha\'c Ihe opponuOity to 
'ie.arn J \l,ord proce5~,"g srsu~m .... M <rodents art c"prnall), 
encouraged to apply Call Farrell Forem.n .t 534·22M for 
more mformauon or an appomlmrm L'SB 70. 
8:00 a m .... 30 p.m. (Evening hou .. also available) -OASI 
\Alnung Ctnttroffcrs a frct 5(1"\ It.: ( lor all UCSD StudentS "hI) 
need pre-\'T!ung help. conferences on drafts and edmng 
ad\'lcc We engage an) kmd of wnung problem Confrf('nu's 
;Ire h\ appOlmment onl} E"cnlnA apP()lmmems <lre also 
Jvallable at \\'arren Apanmems and \lUlr CoUge ( For full rnnge 
of SCr"'ICfS see [he b.'lck of the current dass schedule-) Call 
534-22tH or come by USB 4010 for an appointment Thl~ 
§en'lct IS avaIlable IhroughOlu th(" quanl"f USB 4070 
8:00 a.m.·" 00 p.rn. - SICI PLU or YSltmS of Inieractl\C 
GUldancc and In£ormatlon 1\ a compuler.ba.sed program of 
career Informallon dl''''lgned !O help )'00 bnr) ),our skill". 

val~s and occupational Imcrests For mort" lO(orm3l1on come 
10 Carel'r ~I'\ICM Cenru Fee IS \ 10 

MO~DAY. FEBRUARY 20 
1:)0-1:00 p.m - DROP·\' AD\1SISG HOURS For help 
finding deslrabll' pan·umr employmrnt detcrrmnmg carel"r 
goals. sean:nlng ror Jobs or txplonng profeSSional or gradu.lle 
school opponunllles '0 appOlnllnent nectsSJry JUSt '>'alk 10 
Career St"'I(tS Center Frce 
TUESDAY. FEBRUAR\ 21 
I LOO am. - HOW TO II\TERVIEW FOR MEDiCAl OR 
DENT AL SCHOOL What do '" hool, look for on appil,,",,' 
\Vhat (an \ 11U expen nan IntCI'\'lcw"learn ahoulthe pr(xess 
and how Career ~ry1te~ \In help )'(lU pn.:p.lI'c Career$cf\.1I.eS 
Cf'nter free 
1.30. " ·oo p m. - DROP·I:-' AD\'ISI,\G HOURS Forhclpwnh 
career goals, JM hunrmg. resume prcparnllon et( 'Ja JP· 
pOlOtmem neeess."try JUst "Jlk In Co.l rrer WI'\ u..es Center 
2:00 p.m. - EFFECTI\'~ JOB ~EARCH STRATEG\ tIO 
percent l1f all J('Ih .... acanCle.., ,Ire unJd\,en1s.rd ThiS workshop 
,,",11 tColch H1U tbe llll"lSt eflel.lI\·f" Wol\ to hnd ,hf"m Cartf'r 

~T"\.ru..t'~ Center frtt! 
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 22 
lOOp m - 0 ' CAM~RA rRAC IICI'G IXTER\1E\\'I \ G 

.... klLLS _ ~hJrpen ~our Imen.lt.'wmg .. kllb hy 'iCelng .and 
heanng)'uuN:1f on \ IJcot.1PC Rccelve feedback from DlnefJob 
<;('eker .. '" [hiS group ~'orksh()p Prcrt"qulslIC" Intel'\leWln~ 
t,klll" \Vork,hr)r C.ucer ~f\'Kl'~ CtnleT Frer 
I 30 ..... oop m - DROp·" AlJ\'''''G HOLRS For hc1pwllh 
career gOJl~ Jflb hunllng resume preparation elc '\0 ap- .. 
polntmentnel('!t'O.l1) lust"Jlkln Cdrcerl)cnlCcsC('nter Free 
\i(;C!t Ccnt(,r I 
230 pm - TH[ MARKETABLE RL~IJME WORK~HOr I 
I.£"Jrn how to~onstrucl3. statc-of·(he·dn resume that WIU make 
you !.und OUt from the uov.u C arrer <,;,eJ\'II..C!) Center • 
THURSDAY. FE8RUARY 13 -
1.30.1 '00 pm. - DROP·II\ ADVI I\G HOURS For help . 
fl Olhng c.kSom.lble pan·tlme employment determining C;lrter sC 
goals. lob hunting resume prep;Jr,H1on ell No appClIOtrTlCnt 
n("ceSSOiN. lUSt walk In Cart"fr St-t'\lces Center Free 
) :00 p.m - MOI'EY TALKS '>.Ilal) nrgollJl1on or talkIng 
about mone,' can be awkward . but It pa)·s to kno..-. what you re 
talktng .. oo~t Learn the hncr pOints here C..lreer StrvlCts 
rrnrf"r f-rt't' 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21 
1.)0 .... . 00 P nl _ DROP·I\ADVISI-':c, HOl.,RS lor hclpwllh 
t Jrecr gOdl!) job hunting resume pteparJllon cu,. 'u. ap-
pOI mm('nt nl'l ~S'<lry ,JUSt walk In urcerC;CT'\'lCeS ( ('nttr rree 

700 P m -1 H~ WORLDOFWALLSTR~FT ~l'n Hud,,'""I 
Thllm .• ." Mc.Klnnon ""unties Inc WIll UIS4..Uo;,S th,' c'(lIlng field 
llf fmanl(, C~)mc se-e .... h.ll II takes t~, he .1 o;;ucces .. ful 
su:x:kbrokcr 'onh Confen:ncc Room Free 

RECREATION 

WEDN DAY. FEBRUAR\ 22 
7.00.9'00 p.m. - SCOT fiSH COUNTRY DA."CE CLASS No 
c~pencnu' nel,.(· .... ~1) or PJnner needed Fre(' Beginners 
wekl"lr'll(' Come and learn thC' ballroom d.lIlung of Scotlandl 
'-teet ,It Chargers 1 rainIng fOKlllt) (c('!rner of "oJ T{\rTc)· Plncs 
and Gcnes-scC') For molt' mrormauon, wll Tina .. u 45.2-2735 

DISCUSSIONS 

TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 21 
1:00.2 ,00 p.m. - Ha\'(' >ou had .. I rcnde:·vous ..-.uh your 
secret admirer vet1 EqUip your~lf for )'OUr .1d\·emure learn 
how at a Banh Cl'ntro\ Sesslon l Swdent Hl'ahh <:.t.-rvKc 2nd 
floor Free 
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 12 
1.00.2:00 pm - Did rou ha~'e' JUS( 3 bit 100 much fun laSot 
Valcnl1nc ·s Day' \Vondenng abou! the l"onscquences' COfT'l(' 
and learn ho ..... to cnd the n"k.takmg at lhe n~xt Banh Controt 
lnfonnatlon Session Swdent Hcahh ScI'\'lce 2nd fllX'lr Free 
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 2) 
1:00.2·00 p.m. - Did )'Ou ("al aU Ihose I.hlx:olates from 
V"lenuncs 001),1 Do <.hOLobtes help or hmder )'out Well 
\Voman nutntlon plJn> Fmd ('Iut more ... bl..,UI nutntlon 
prt\CnllOn or Infections and .... hal.l peh'l( exam IS all about (It 
!he next Wrll Worndn Stsslon Student Health SerVICe, 2nd 
floor Free 

SERVICES AND WORKSHOPS 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21 
9:00. 10)0 a.m. - ASIan Students Suppan Group ThlSgroup 
I!<. dt"slgnrd to olddress the concrrns of Asian sludrnls ilt UC;D 
In J problem solVing and SUpPOIll\'t' atm05phere l!>Sut~·s slkh 
as fa mIl)' s)stem~ In (uhultll transition. elhnllldenll(Y laving In 
IV.O I.uhurcs as studcnts communK.Jllng wl1h others. and 
vocJllonal and .Jcadcmll .,tn'SS arc poSSible dlSlusslon IOplCS 
Calljeolnne M.lOrse- at 534·3035 for mort' mrormaflon lOO3 
H IJL 
10'00. 11 :30 a m. - Ga)'. BI5< .... 1 Men' Suppon Group . ·In 
mcet under (onhdentlah£) and c"'plon> IS~UfS rele\'ant to gJ) 
,nd bt;e ... 1 men Led hj Cr.IIS \\ICse. 534·3755 Call CraIg for 
.l bncH. prchmmaT) olppotntmrnt hcfore lOlnmg In the ~n~up 
Mountain VIew Lounge 
2:30.1.00 pm - ADUU' A., MOLE5TW CHILDR~' A 
group f(u "omen . .and mt.'n who sut\'I\ed ml.l)co;;hlllOI1 .m 
\.hlldhood or at..lo!cSl.rnu: b~ \H'angers, Jcqu.llnl.lOLeS .lnd or 

(..lmd~ membcr~ Led b> Mmam In"ujlffiltl 5)1"()155. and 
jcanlll' \1;:Inr5o(' 5J'L 1035 C.lIl Miriam ('Ir jeanne before 

I..t..,m,"~ 10 Ihe ~f()Up. a prrlimlna.)" .Ippomtmem I" nt'(essan 
lOO} H LL 
WEDNESDAY. fEBRUARY 22 
}·00 ... . 30 p.rn - Gmup f.~r unmoll\.Jted or pr\xm"'t1nJtln!l. 

"tudtnt~ A group for studem~ who hnd II dlffltuit 10 c;lUdy or 
gt't 5t.Jned on \\."ntmg paper. .tnd" h, ' fl-d thJt Ii( hllOl l ... m)t Inl' 
plac(' for ,hem at tht 0111(' Led b)' Hugh PJt(· .. ..I1 534-3 .. 56 
ReH'Ue CoUegt' Pro\'~t OHlI.e 
300 ... . 30 p.rn - Chicano HI\pJnI( Lwnot.;.uppon Group 
ThiS I'§ a suppon group tor grJdwtt' .lnd undergmdu..l11.' 
c.,wdenl\ Led b)' Dan Munoz and RelntljU..lrez (..111 'j)4.1~7Q 
rm more Inform.mon Student ('mer B Confercnle Room 
rHURSDAY. FEBRUARY n 
1:00 p.m. - CJITIe \\'Ilson . DIfl' \ lor III '"twu,.'nr Lr)1,,11 wrvH.c!t 
\\ III gUldc you Ihn.1ugn ),our IO"HlA. or 1040[l w\ form C.um' 
wllI,lmwrrqul'Mltm; th.lI rel.lle In rt:ponlng flnJnl.lJI .. uu "ulh 
... [rllo.,hlp""d ~r.ln" TlllqS GI.:-'~RAI II~LP 0-':1 Y '0 
,PKIIlCQl.,ESrlOI\S TlIAT Rl WIll 10 I Rl'SnUI\[)<;OR 
'>tl r ·tMPLOYME!<T WILL BL A',WfRrD P"k up J '" 
form OInd grOlh J f('w ('xtr.J bung ,I pt.. nul )'IlurW-l forme; ,IOJ 
clny other IndllJlltll1~ 01 m\.ollw { ... ul.h ,h I()I,,)Q \ the anlnr 
m.lllon rmm thl' hJnk) Wdl rT\('et In ,h(' '\onh (onfcr('nu' 
R(>om near I DNA Jnd Ix-htnd Ihl' IM1\ Orfll.r I rl'l~ 

p.m. - PUBLlCSPEAKING ANXIETYWORKSHOI> 
Learn skin ... 10 reduce amott)· ~~ut pubhc spcolktng whclher It 
lS.ln the classroom scmng. employment, Ot m thr process flf 

, C':\'erydl}' liVing Led b)' Rel1).} Juare:::: , ')34·387') Can Rrlnd _ .... 
hcfof(' cO'1"IIn& 10 the group lOll} HUL 
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY H 
2 'OO.}~)O p.m. - Re\tnctor~ \REO) Group ThIS group I" 
de~lgn('d 10 pro\,lde !;uppon and exploratIon or ...... 11 In thi' 
dlfftcult Journey to reco\.'el)' from.ln rallng dl~rder In tA'hlch 
thr prcdomtnam pallem IS resmcung yourself from (';111118 
food Dcvelopment.ll Jnd personal Issues to he .lddreS5f'd m 
person.t1 dl~us5lons ..... 111 be: thO"t' relaled 10 ISSutS of ,oOlrol, 
'>' 111 po"cr. sclf-c.-.&'cem ".t!:paratlon and IndiViduaTion. Idcnnl)' 
rorrromm ~lI1d moln} (lthers ltd b)' Rellla JWITZ, 5J+-1A7S 
Ca ll Reina for.1 bnd appOlntrtKnt before COlnlnglolhe group 
2126 HSS 

2 'OO~4 :00 pm. - Alcohol and Substance Abuse GfNp tf)'ou 
have ('\'ef asked ·00 I have :1 problcm?" chances tlTt' )'Ou do 
hJ\e J fe\' things to mlk abolll IntcTt"slI."d srudrnl" pkJSl' c.ln 
Dan ~'unoz. al ·n ... · l579 for mfortn.ltlon The group IS led b)< 
Dan Munoz .lnd T)!ltrGabncl Re\'t"lIc Prcwosl OrrICl' 
.... :00·:5:30 p.m. - Campus Black Forum. A "'cekl)', IIlform..ll 
group on the Issues. concerns and qU411(1)' of 11ft of thr blal. k 
wmmunny at UCSO Led b)' Phil Raph.lcl. 534.0252. and 

fncnd~ MuuntJm View Lounge 

E TERT AJNMENT 
W[D~I:5DAY FEBRUARY 22 
800 P m - The UOion of lasslcls(S at UC.SD Will present the 
111m ~Utysc,c .. M Kirk Dougla~ ,tars to ,h IS mo\l('. which 
omm.ltl:!ed the Homenc tale of U~'~ses's wandcnngs after I he 
Tropn \VarbeC rr rrlurnlngm hlshomeland. lthaka TLH 10-+ 
Frer 

SATURDAY. FEBRUAR" 25 
7:)0 p.m. - FOURTH A1 NUALCOITEEHOUSEllil corr~e. 
house and ralent show III the Fellowship Hall of the Un1\'crslr) 
Luthfran Church eomerofN Torre}' Pines and LaJoIL, Shores 
Dn\'e Come enJD> watd-llng rOUt friends perform or be a 
performer )'oursclf (slgn. ups .. rt In the foyer) Coffee and 
dessens Will he 5el'\ed Sponsored by the C.uhohc Student 
Coordinator'S .11 UCSD 

ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING 

THURSDAY. fEBRUARY 2) 
7:00-8:00 p m. - JOIn 1\ochtadh ,lh"Cehlc HlstoneJISoclel)', 
for "lecture on the colliSion of Chnstlanlty and CeltiC rehgon.s 

UC.~D, Dr ChrlS!!nc Nom. wtll gllc the talk APM 2301 hec 

RELIGIOUS FUNCTIONS 

TUESDAY THROUGH FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 21 ·25 
5.00 pm - C.uholtc Mass Spon<ared by Ihe Cat hoi" 
cOmmUnI£);l1 UC~D UOI\,er-,IIY Lur he ran Chur<.h. C'orner('lfN 
Torrey Pmec; dnd I..J jollJ. Shon's On\'e 
TUESDAY, FEBR ARY 22 

oon·1 p.m. - BIBLE STUDY - Come for .1 gre,lt tint(' 
~tudYlng the word ('If God There·s al"ays mme I() It,lrn about 
jrcouc; Chn" ~ corm' and brmg a fn('nc..l Studcnl unt('r 
Muhl PurplI'i(.' Room Free 

,i' 
... _·f 

1000 a.m .• 3:oo p.m. - lAC ",bl, '" R<\'eUc Pla:a the Israel 
A 1\'lIIe s CounCil IS .. Iarred by members of the UJS. lnd 
provide" m£orm.1llon about all Jcwlsh aUlvHle" on campus 

oon - lunch 'n LcJrn - U3stl. information about Dible , 
Mldrash T.dmud Sponltorcd b)'lhe Union ofjewish ludcm.s 
at UCSD 41\ M .. mhc\"s 
6 :00. 7:00 p,m - A v. eddy dIscussion 01 whal the Bible h.ls 10 

~)' about h\lnp. thc Chnsu.ln life while ,I l·oIlcge studen! 
Sponsored by' United Campu\ ~hnlSl ry All oprn·mmded. 
eanng ChnsClans 1ITl' W'ckome Mccts In thc umpus MInistry 
Office Bldg ,;()2 
700 p.m. - WEDNESDAY NIGHI DISCUSSIONS Topl< wtll 
be "Furglveness" Sponsored b)' C.uhohl Student Coordmatori 
.It UCSD UnlWt'SIIY Luthe'r.m hurch, corncr or N lorll"y 
PlnCS Rood and La Jolla. (;jhorcs Dnvc 
9:)0 p.m. - Condkltght Mas. ~p"n<o",d b)' the Cathoitc 
Swdcm Coon.hn.lror; ,II UC5D, A qUlcl rentclt\,c ume for 
c;hanng With others Unlwrslt) LUI her .. n Church corner (If 1 
Torre)' Pmec; Ril,U! ;md l.aj\.~13 Shl.)r('\ Dn\'e 

THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 23 
2:00 p.m, - Hebrew on the Hump - Come Jam Che\'ra 
(communtl)'lon thc Hump and speak Hcbrcw pan.ored by 
the Union or JeWish Students Jt Uc..~D 
5:15 p.rn. - THURSDAY NIGHT DIN'IER Come for J good 
lime and JlI·you-C'an·eJt food fur ani)' \2 Meet ne'>' peoplc l 

ponsorcd by the Cathohc "ludcn[ COmmUTllt)' at the Unlvcrslt)' 
Lu(hemn Church. comerofN Torrey Plocsand La Jolla )hnres 
Dn ... e 
7'30 p.m. - Btble study. Eptscopal college Students .. dc"mc: 
S[ Ellzaoclh-sChurch, 2H25 Merton Ave for more Informat iOn 
call Fr BIll Mahed)' .11 565-6661 
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 21 
6:00 p.m. - FRIDAY NIGIIT SOCIAL - For Chrlsllan 
sludenb lookmg for a drug and akohol fret' c\'('ntjolO U5 as we 
go to Drow~)' Mag&lt;s for dmner and 10 hear f('llk musIc join 
us If )'ou need toge, ;\ \\ JY' rrom studies and shat'C a fun C\cnlng 
WIth people of faith Mect on StC pS of Imermlllon,t1 Center 
rree 

700 pm - Shabbat XI'\'lte and O neg reaturlng Dr. Yaakov 
AJpcn, ~ ICI JeWish Refusenik nov. lea hang 10 the I:.lcclncal 
Englneenng Drpanmcnt Sponsored by rhe Union of jewish 
tudents al UCSD MandeVille SUllf'. top Roor ofTI~ Hall 

SUNDAY, fEBRUARY 26 
8:00 and 10:00 a.m. - EpIscopal Church worshtp 5<l\'Ice. 
Sunday Euchan ... t lind pansh reUowshlp Good Sdmam ;a.n 
Episcopal Church. 432 1 Eastgate Mall, across Genesee from 
easl end of campus, nonh or LaJulb Vlll.~ Dr Imerstctlon of 
E.lslgate- M ... U Road ;lnd Gene:~e 
8:30 a.m. - Cmholac mJ~ Sponsored by the CatholIC 
uOmmUOII) JtUCSD. University Lutheran Church cornerofN 
T arre)' Pmes and u. Jolla Shore, Drtve 
9:00 • . m. - C"lIege .gc class for "ud)' and fellowshIp held 
..... cckly \\ Ithan e.lS)' .. ccess to CJlllpUS Sponsored by Unned 
Campus Mlnl~rry TOIn'y PlnesChnsll.ln hUf,h,8310 L,JoIl.J 

~en".: Dme Nonh Colli "~}-35'50 lor more IOform~Ulon 
~:OO and 9:00 p,m. - Catholtc ~·I,11j1j Spnnc;nred by (he 
Cathohc Communi£), m UCS[) UI1l\'e~lI)' LUlhrrJ.TI Church, 
across thc strect fnlm Rc\'d1c College 

LECTURES 
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21 
8:00 p.m -1:.lIe \"'Iescl \pcJk ... 11 rhe G}m Receptlun aft('rln 
.he InrclI'JtI~'I1.l1 Ccmt.>r B) l1~kct onl)'1 ~c,,\.·puon ." ":0-
\fK1n\('lrt'J h Ihc U nton Oljfwlcoh "rudenls at ucsn 

. ~I' 
" '>'. . 

The UCSD Guardian 

HEGLAND 
Continued (rom page 3 
land as a cDnscientious legislator 
whose primary interest was educa-
tion . 

\--ormer tate , " nator Mills 
stated his belief that Hegland did 
not receive enough credit for the 
legi lat ive work he d id on behalf 
of higher learning, especially from 
the faculty and administration at 
UC D. 

"[Hegland] was a very con-
scientious person," Mills said. 
"Peop le at UCSD were quite 
ungrateful. ,. 

Hegland retired from politics 
after running unsuccessfully for 
the Democratic nomination for 
the 37th Congessional District 
seat. After his retirement from the 
Assembly, Hegland continued his 
involvement in education by 
teaching at local community 
colleges. 

Hegland, along with his wife, 
was also involved in an educa-
tional television program spon-
sored in part by Time magazine. 
He also wrote several textbooks. 

A memorial service for Hegland 
was held Saturday at Fredericka 
Manor in Chula Vista. 

The family requested that 
monetary donations be made to 
the UCSD Medical Center in lieu 
of /lowers. 

NEWS 
WRITERS 

Mandatory 
Meeting 

Tonight, 6:30 
at the Guardian 

office 

NEWS 

Y ou Are Invited 
to an Open House 

at 

California Western 
School of Law 

Friday, February 24, 1989 
2:00 - 5:00 p.m. 

MEET 
Students and Faculty at the Dean's reception 

LEARN ABOUT 
Admissions. Financial Aid. Internships 

• Law Careers. International Law, Entertainment 
and Sports Law . Biotechnology Law 

• Telecommunications Law 

Please let us know by Feb. 21 if you plan to attend 
CALL 

The Admissions Office - 239-0391 

California Western School of Law 
350 Cedar Street 

San Diego, CA 92101 

Fully accredited by the AmeriCiln Bar Association since 
J961. Member_ Association of American Law Schools. 

SEX 
discrimination,. racial issues, ecological concerns and other 
important topics are addressed in the pages of The Guardian . .. 
along with a lot of stuff that's just (or fun! Read it twice a week. 

Tuesday, FebruarJl 21, 1989 

The WrldIs Still 
The Greatest Classroom 

Of All 
Applicaltons are now being accepted 
for the University of Ptttsburgh· 
sponsored Semesler at Sea 

Each fall or spring loo·day odyssey 
aboard the American · built S.S. Universe 

literally offers you the world . 
You can earn 12·15 transferable units 

from your choice of more than 50 lower and 
upper division courses. while calling upon 

places as culturally diverse as Japan, Hong Kong. 
India.Thrkey, the Soviet Union, Yugoslavia 
and Spain. 

It is a learning adventure designed to 
transform students of every color. race and 
creed into true c itizens and scholars of 
the world. 

For fullintormation, including a catalog and application. call 
1-800·854.0195/1-412·648-7490 in PA. Or write Semester at Sea, 
institute for Sh.lpboard Education, --
University of Pittsburgh, -; 
2E Forbes Quadrangle, 
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 
15260. 

Then prepare for the 
learning adventure of 
your life. 

~, 
.. 

SEMESTER AT SEA 
Information and Video Presentation 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23,.4 PM 
FIFTH COLLEGE. PEPPER CANYON LOUNGE 

University Bookstore 
DJJ( I ! jl 0 J 

Zenith laptops and pes at the University Bookstore 
Zenith Road Warriors-Rough, Durable, Fast Computing 

Come in for a free demonstration! 
Battery Powered Laptops 

Take It Anywhere! 

640KRAM 
8MHz 

20 Mb Hard Disk 
Built-in Modem 

UCSD Price: $1999 

Supersport 286 
1 MbRAM 

20 Mb Hard Disc 

UCSD Price: $3110 

Z-286 LP-Compatible PC 
Small Footprints-17 Ibs! 

1 MbRAM 

Expandable to 6 Mb on 
Main Board/16 Mb System 

8 M Hz, 0 Wait State 

20 Mb Hard Disk 

Flat Screen VGA 
Color Monitor Included 

UCSD Price: $2389 

University Bookstore Computer Center 534-4291 
Hours: Monday- Friday 7:45 a.m.- 5:15 p.m. 
Saturday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Oosed Sundays and Holidays 

386 Super-Advanced AT 

16 M Hz,. 0 Wait State 

IMbRAM 

Expandable to 16 Mb 

40 Mb Hard Disk 

Flat Screen VGA 
Color Monitor Included 

UCSD Price: $3779 

;;tI.NII'N data 
systems 

11 

• 



I I 

12 TUl'sday. February 21. 1989 

ATTENTION 
WARREN SENIORS 
Graduating SENIORS interested in 
auditioning for the 1989 Warren 

College Commencement Student 
Speaker please contact the Warren 

Dean's Office at 534-4731 . 

Information available February 20. 

(TEXT DEADLINE IS APRIL 7!) 

••• $100 HONORARIUM for selected SENIOR. 

AUTO 
INSURANCE 

N • • d not b. u p,n,i •• 
pecial Collegr 

S tudenl Program 
CA l l S FI RST 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 

3838 C.mino 
n.1 Ri o NO Mh 

#315 

EARN 
EXTRA SS 
Earn S88 every month 
Donate plasma. Study 
while you help mhers 

New Hours For Your 
Convenience: Open 

Until 6 PM Mon.-Thurs. 

For Information call 
226-1733. 

Essential Biologics 
3340 Kemper 5t #101 
San Diego. CA 92110 

r--Rol. '. - In the alley In P B .-
FUTONS; FRAMES 

.... WAy LOUNGER & . " FUTON 
rwm 1111 15 ou...n 113965 
Full 112825 KIng 120900 

FUTONS 4-Way 
Twm 6' 165; S' 18 5 Lounger 
Full 6' 175; 8' I9S Twon 152 ftJII 160 ~ 6' 115: 8' Sl05 0u~ S62 
1("'90' 111 0; 8" 1110 Ktng /110 

STORE HOURS 
Thyrs. 28~m . rn. 125pm 
Sal 1O·5pm: Sun. ' I 3pm MDn.·_ . 8ppolntme_ 
234-1418 Of 569-7081 

WE CARRY INVENTORY. 
Pnces subject 10 (hdngt. 

·PaClflc Beach 967 A Beryl 51 
In alley between l ow and &.r,l. west 0/1 
Co s" From GarMI Av , turn north on 

c..s.SI go 7 blocks 10 Beryl 

SPORTS 

BUDGET 
FARES 

• Copenhagen ... $859 
• Sydney ......... $868 
• London . . . ...... $530 
• Tokyo . .. .. ..... $539 
• Caracas ...... . . $3" 

80Mld on round trip for. 
Book Now - Seats Llmllt'd! 

Your Student 
Travel Center 
UCSD Student Center 

452-0630 

TRW will be on 
campus March 2. 
See your college 
placement office 
to sign-up. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Galloway Dismissed For 
Remainder of Season 

By P. MESSROBIAN 
Contributing Writer 

J unior Hunter Galloway has 
played his final match for the 
UCSD men 's tennis team. 

Galloway was dismissed 
from the team early last week, 
but coach Jon Hammermeis-
ter would not comment on the 
reasons for the action. 

" I'd really rather not go into 
it ," Hammermeister said. " It 's 
really not that bigadeal...we're 
still one of the best Division III 
teams in the country." 

Galloway, ranked No. 10 in 
the nation in a preseason poll, 
had already been suspended 
for several weeks early in the 
season , and had been sus-
pended for parts of the first 
two years he was on the team. 

He was dismissed from the 
team his first year for the 
remainder of the season, but 
while he was allowed to rejoin 

the team the fo llo wing year, 
la st week 's d is m issal wa s 
permanent. 

"Nothing has changed . Our 
goals remain exactly the same," 
Hammermeister said . "The 
guys we've got in there now are 
playing some good tennis ... 
Francois Monnar is playing 
the best [tennis] of his life." 

Sig Huber, previously Gal-
loway's doubles partner, is now 
the No. I player, and Monnar 
is No. 2. Huber was ra nked 
25th in the nation in the pre-
season poll . 

Hunter Galloway 

Who Do You Call 
When You Want To 
Identify A Soccer 
Ball At 22,300 Miles 
In Space? 
A company called "TRW". Here's the story. 
The U.S. Air Force asked us to build a ground-based 
electro-optical deep space surveillance system that 
could identify an object the size of a soccer ball at 
22,300 miles in space. We did it, utilizing 3 telescopes 
and a large 4 computer system. Then they asked us to 
build four more system sites. Quite an achievement, 
but it's just one example of TRW's impact on the future. 
TRW offers you the freedom to move among a wide 
variety of opportunities in microelectronics, high 
energy lasers, large software systems, communica-
tions, and scientific spacecraft. If you're majoring in 
engineering, computer science, math, or physics, and 
want to be with a company that's driving technology 
into the next century, it's not too soon to talk. Tomor-
row is taking shape at a company called TRW. 
If you are unable to see us on campus, please send 
your resume to: TRW, College Relations, E2 I 4000, 
Dept. AD88, One Space Park, Redondo Beach. 
CA90278. 

Because Anywhere Else Is Yestenlay. 
An Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer 
United States Citizen.hip May Be Required 

A Company Called TRW 

The UCSD Guardian SPORT Tuetday. February 21, 1989 13 

• • Thi~ week's q uestion~: 6. l.ast week '~ a nswers: 
I. \\.3.'s sports '{r1V1 

• A /I UC D Sllluel;!&:lI~\l.aYf 
fandt I arl' eli~ihll' .• -'~Iir-""" ~I'f.~:;,t-,"t":-~ lip lI'i( h 

I. Which of Jack Clark, Rickey 
Henderson. Fernando Valen-
lucia. or Ri ck Sutcliffe did 
not receive over $2 million 
last year'? 

7. 

pring rralnlng in Anl.Ona is 
called the Cactus I.eague; in 
Florida it is called the __ _ 

2. 
What former Mets reliever 3. 
coined the phrase "You Gatta 4. 
Believc"when his team reach-

Roy Tarpley. Dallas Maver-
icks 
Lafayette 
A Band Aid 
Dallas. NY Giant. and 
Washington 

for Guardian .\(af,,..,,~tfj~I..~~t,j (M(I'i.'Lrl'~~illl'ers will be 
l'lIIployee.1 (~r B.l. ~ (fJi~MIItL~tl~~ Il'ill be 
;:eria. qlliz IS 
• Send Ihe emr)' n!t) JWI . .. I~taJll /Jr . In Ihe 

110mI', yeor in school . ..... "'-'<". will be 

2. Jo,e Canseco and Mark 
McGwire's com blned salarie 
last year added up to a sum 
under $650,000 (true or fa lse)? 

8. 

ed the World Sene, in 1973? 

What auto raccdriver retired 
in 1973 after a record total 27 
Grand Prix victories? 

5. Miam i of Ohio 
6. Hitman 
7. Gerald Madkins 
8. Pirates 
9. Four: San Francisco, Pitts-

burgh, Seattle, and Cleveland YOIl aI/end 01 UCS 
homelowl1. address. 
l1umher to Sp orts "mln ", ~_~ 
G ua rdian, B-O I6. =:...-."'"'_.",....,~JJ4t_ 

3. Red ox reliever Bob Stanley 
received over $1 million last 
year (true or false)'! 

'}. Who won the American 
League Cy Young Award in 
1973? 

10. Onie Smith 

92093. If you 
drop if off in the 

S. Former boxer .I oe Frazier'S 
nickna me was w hat? 10. What is the name of the 

trophy given to the out~ta nd­
ing college football interior 
li nema n each year? 

l.ast Week 's Winner: 
John Asuncion 
Sophomore, Wa rren 
Political Science 
Westlake Village, CA 

box in (he Guardian 
j ust southeast of 
Undergraduate Jb(rr.t#oIWoI.~~Ma~~""':':::':"J 

4. Wh a t tw o team s had six 
playe rs receiving over $1 mil-
lio n last year? um ber Correct: 9 

o on Jpt P8rJ1ll· 
Its the latest from London. All of our stylists are trained in the latest techniques 
Irom Europe. Ralph says you cant get todays looks with yesterdays penn rods. So il your 

looking to update yru image & wnant k:llook like your English 
cousins, then bring in this Ad & get a head fUl of rexy spirals 

~ ~~~tro'-S~Fo:13 ~ 
~5·00 off 
WI!~ trlj cd 

CoUese 

Oeetm Beach 
4882 Newpor' • 222·3777 

Pacific Oe..eh. 
1447 Carne, • 273·CUTS 

IIIUere.t 
409 Unl .... I'y • 291·Cl'TS 

Unive~ iLy of 0an Die80 
School of Law 

The University of San Diego School of Law 
invites all persons interested in the study 

of law to an infonnational seminar. 

The program includes' 
• A discussion of the value of legal education. 
• Advice on how to finance law school, 
• Demonstration of a first-year class, 

Saturday, February 25, 1989 
Registration - 9: 15 a.m , to 10:00 a.m. 

Program - 10:00 a.m. to 12: 40 p.m . 
USD Camino Theater - Alcala Park, San Diego, CA 

An informal buffet will be 
provided from 12:45 p,m, to 2:45 p.m., 
where usn faculty,alumni,and students 

will be available for counseling. 

Call (6 19) 260-4528 for resenrations 
by T uesday, February 21, 1989 

1 ! ~Dctn('~ nOI d"(llmlll~" (' on ItH' lhI \l\ of 't'X , I,U t'. tulm . 
rdlRHln . fl gt'. IIdoonal Of I Rill . Jue c"tn. 01 hdlldl("ap III IP .. poll( it" ~tI1d plogr .. IIIl ' 

• 

The home of the 
49¢ hamburger. 

! ~ m U(!l)&t/!~m 
ol 'ild 

tI>\lO'" 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
lL..".. ... I!!!!!!!!!!-!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

ALL AMERIC AN MEAL 
Quarter Pounder ' With Cheese. Medium Fry. 

Medium-Size Soft Drink Cash valu.: II II 1/ 20 011 cent 
I I II 
II limit one coupon per -J $1 99 II II cuslomer. per visil Please US t II 

present coupon when (I t ) I I ordering Not valid With P us ax II 
I I If Only at: II any other 0 er 7140 Mira mar IId.@ ~ Good thru San Diego 'N\_ .... . _APril_16._198_9 1237 Prospect "N\ .... I-~ iiiii~::~f.~~ii La Jolla '-I--+. 

---- ---------

Juniors,Seniors & Grads ••• 

GIVE 
CREDIT! 

APPLY NOW FOR YOUR VERY OWN ••• 

• Bring a photocopy of 
your School 1.0. 

• No cosigner required 
APPLY NOW ON CAMPUS! 
Date: FEB. 21-24 
Time: 9 AM-6 PM 
Place: SUNDRY STORE, REVELLE CAMPUS 

CrrIBAN(O' 
.-. 

.. 

.. 



14 Tuesday, February 2 1.1989 

Auto Repair Service 
7955 ArJons Dr. Open 7 a.m.-7 p.m. 
Miramar Rd . left on Dowdy. 
lefl on Aqons 

Our fully trained mechaniCS are capable 
of repairing any type of mechanical problem. 

549-0272 
I Tune-U p Special : Disc Brake Special I 
I • 1"lall .... CIoa..,,~ IPlik pl'lS • Scope • Replact trOlit pads $69 95 I I !tI!I'1ie • Adl,n IIml'l and Idll • Clo:k & Miust I. Mach", rotlXS. r""L b""'1 • I 
I ,miSSIOns ' MIn urs & lI~hlT"cu • Ext .. tor POI'" I I 00 nOIl·o",t Dill Reg. $8750 COftdensorsIt IIIIdtd • In"", l,drailK system Semi·metallic pads I 
I 4-cyl $38 99 6-cyl $44 99 I • Adlust emerg.rtey brah & front wheel duve I 
I .. .. I' Road list ws utra 8-cyl. $54.99 Expires 3/ 16/ $ L Up"" 3/ 16/89 I 
1 _________________________ • 

I Drum Brake Special : Major Service Special I 

SPORTS 

Baseball 
Continued from page 16 
ing ruckus. 

The brawl was an ugly sight 
with everyo n e on t op of each 
other and throwing fists. In o n e 
case, an unidentified ba t wielding 
U SO player c h ased a .F. tate 
opponent near his dugout. Luck-
ily. no one wa seriously hurt, but 
Murphy was pulled from the game 
after the si tuation ca lmed down. 

San Franci co tate emerged 
from the brawl with a pumped up 
attitude and overpowered the Tri-
tons for the rest of the game. 
UCSD mustered up their few 
runs on a home run from Gary 
Fessia and two tallies in the ninth. 

also explained that he intention-
ally saved his best pitchers for yes-
terday's crucial doubleheader 
again t al State San Bernardino . 

With a current record of 3-2, 
Murphy commented that the team 
must get its hitting into gear and 
rely on solid pitching through the 
course of the sea on in order to 
make the playoffs. 

Lacrosse 
Continued from page 16 
port goalie Joe Brown needed to 
stop the U D "a ttack." Brown 
currently has the best save percen-
tage on the We t Coast and has 
come into his own in " t he cage. " 

With only two games left, the 
Tritons have virtually clinched 
the division. Tomorrow night, 
UCSO will battle SDSU on Muir 

The UCSD Guardian 

will be able to core the mo t 
points for the team," commented 
assistant coach Eric Vitcenda. 
" We'll also take into considera-
tion how long and under what 
circums tances it took for them to 
qualify_" 

A s the Tritons head to Las 
Vegas to test their luck and ability 
at the Pacific ollegiate onfer. 
en ce M eet next weekend, expec-
tations are high_ Morgan is put-
ting hi cards down on "about a 
dozen" swimmers, hoping for 
another big payoff. 

In Las Vegas, the women's team 
will encounter stiff competition 
from Pepperdine and Northern 
Arizona. For the men's team, 
some competition will come from 
Alaska. However, the stronger 
threat from both teams comes 
from their teammates vying for 
their own tickets to Orlando. 

: • Replat!!bOlS $79 95 I $25 Off I 
I • Machilll dlums • I 15.000 ml .. 30.000 ml .. 45.00o ml .. 80.000 I 

• Inspect hydraulic Reg. 592.50 ml. servicing. OUI majo. SIlYi~ meets all factory I 
I system Mll$t foreign & domestic I rlCOmmendlll standard~ Highest quality parts - I 
I • Road Test tars & light trucks I lime dlY lervlce. Mll$t fo.eign & domestic tars 

"This will proba bly be our worst 
game all year. We didn't hit, we 
didn't pitch, and we didn't field 
well at all. We simply played ter-
rible ball, " Murphy said. 

Fieldat7:.m. • U date 
S WlmmlD g C.nti~,."mm pa" 16 Ell'r .. 3/ t6/89 I & light truck~ Expires 3/ 16/ 89. I r -Ciutch Work-Speciai 1-C~~i~g-S;;';m-s~~~I-: tatistically, the Tritons only managed five hits while allowing 

two errors, compared to 10 hits 
and no errors for .F. State. In 
addition, UCSO gave up 13 walks 
and went through a total of five 
pitchers, all of whom pitched for 
the first time this season. Yate 

Continued from page 16 (No. 4) but still lost to the visiting 
odds are great that more than the Rainbows, 6-3. I as low as $235 or save I· P,essure back flush $49 95 

I • Pressure check for leaks • I I $50 off list price • Inspect hoses &flttlngs Reg. $59.95 I allowed 18 to qualify. Therefore, Yesterday'S action did not get 
the coaches will be forced to much better for the Tritons, who I • Inslalllllw plat~ disk and pilot beanng • Geal I • Inspect waterpump Most tars & IIghf trucks I 

I 011 • Road test • Most foreign & Oomesllcs. I & belts 
Present tOIJpon when work ordlf IS taklll and saY! I up'r" 316/89 I 

decide who they will bring to are now 3-5. In an early morning 
Nationals. 5-1 loss against Cal Poly San Luis I $50.00 off list pn~. f.xplrlS 3/ t6/ 89. I 

---------------------------

"We11100k and see which ones Obi po, UCSO mustered only 

You Can Enter Law School 
After Two Years of College and 

Earn Your Bachelor's Degree 
in Law (BSL) 

from Western State University while working toward 
a law degree (ID) without taking any extra classes. 

Western State University is authorized by the California Bar to admit qualified 
students with an AA degree or 60 transferable units. 

For over twenty years, we've been proving that some students can handle law 
school successfully after only two years of college. Our graduates demonstrate 
that year after year. About 20% of our students earn their bachelor's degree at WSU 
while attending law school. 

You could be a law student as early as next semester. Applications accepted 
from now until classes begin: January 14, 1989 for the spring semester or August 
24, 1989 for the fall semester. 

• Flexible class schedules mean you can work while attending 
school part-time 

• Or attend full-time and finish faster 
• Earn credits toward an MBA and JD at the same time in our joint degree program with Chapman College 
• Full and partial tuition schoiarshipsi loans and grants for 

qualified students 

Start Law School Now 
For information, call an admissions counselor. 

(619) 297-9700 

WESTERN STATE 
UNIVERSITY 
COLLOOEOFLAW 

San Diego and Orange County 

Let WSU help you reach your goal. 
,1966 Founded to provide outstanding legal education in Southern California 
• 1973 Accredited by Committee of Bar Examiners, Stale Bar of California 
·1976 AccredIted by Western ASSOCIation of Schools and Colleges 
·1988 California's Largest Law School 

Call today (619) 297-9700 
2121 San Diego Avenue· San Diego, CA 92110 

one match victo ry from Jeff 
French. Cal Poly, however, is 
currently ranked second in the 
nation in Division II. 

"Considering they're No.2 in 
the nation, I think we played 
pretty well," Monnar pointed out. 
The Tritons, however, needed 
more than a great effort against 
the powerhouses they faced this 
weekend . 

In the Cal Poly contest, French 
(back) and Belloli (elbow) both 
suffered injuries . To add insult to 
injury, lJCSD had to return to the 
court at I p .m . yesterday to face 
Air Force, who beat the Tritons 
sound ly, 5-1. Interestingly enough, 
Belloli was the only Triton who 
managed to win a match against 
Air Force, defeati ng his opponent 
6-3, 7-5. 

The Tritons do not have 
another home match until March 
6. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

ALASKA 
SUMMER 
WILDERNESS 
STUDIES 
Earn 14 quarter units learning 
natural history, alpine ecology, 
and wildlands planning, while 
travelling among the glaciers and 
mounuins of the Wrangell-SI. 
Elias National Park . Slide show on 
Thurs. Feb. 23rd, 4 p .m. in Bonner 
2105. 

For more info: 
Wildlands Research, 3 Mosswood 

Circle. Cazadero. CA 95421 
(707) 632-5665. 

$1.00 OFF 
Instant 

Passport 
Photos 

No appointment necessary. 
One coupon per customer. 

kinko's' 
: open 24 hours 

I 

: 457-3775 I L ____________ .I 

Tuesday, February 21. 1989 15 

CLASSIFIEDS--
___________________________ ~~D~~~ . 

CIIIlIIlId Idverlltlng I .... d In 1 ~word Incremlllll. 
Th. ratl pi! 15 wordt II 51 lor Ituillnll. 53 lor 
I.cufty Ind llan. Ind S4 lor othlrt. Plymenl In 
.dnnce II required; tlllnlon. ads mutt III malild 
with a chICk Ipayabll til till UCSD Guardlanl or 
prnentld In pmen. Pia.. hlvi IXact cl\llttt. 
Dndll_lrI 4 p.m. Tllursda, IIr Monda,·111IIl1. 4 
Po'" MIildIY lor Thursday', IAuI. Till BUlnilln 
r"n" the right II r1IuII any 1t11I1II1nG Includ-
Ing but not liMIted II c»mJllllflnllllp I ... Ftr m«I 
lnIorllllllan. c.1I 634-5418. Till 6ulrdlln. uCla. B-
OUI. La JIlIL CA fIZOII3. 

Roommate wanted ' Fm . nonsmoker . 
$245/mo .• furnished Near Vons and 34A bus. 
Call 546-t942 (2/21) 

1/ 2 ml.lo HL - Large bedroom (1-2 people) In 
:2 bedroom condo. Own w·asher / (jryer. 
dishwasher. Pool. jacuZZI. garage. private 
parking Spring quarter (3 / 21·7 / 1) Non-
smoker M/F $400/ mo. Reece. Enc 546-0875. 
(3 / 2) 

Roommate wanted: Female. non-smoking. 
Own room. washer / dryer. micro. pool. jacuzzi. 2 
mi from campus. $300/ mo + 1 / 3 utllilles. Avail· 

ab~e 3/23 / 89. Call 452-2105. (2/27) 

Roommate wanled: Large Genesee Highlands 
condo. Own room. Share balh. $287 / mo + 1/ 3 
utillhes. 453-8160.(2/27) 

MalelFemale to share house in Clairemont. 
Garage. laundry. own bath No smoking / pets. 
Honesty. reliability - owner travels. Avail. March 
1. $330 plus 1 12 utilllles.Jon R. 273- t 408.(2/27) 

Huge master bedroom In townhouse near 
UCSO. Pool. jacuzzi. tennis. racquetball. washer-
dryer. enclosed garage. Room big enough tor 
two. $450 single or $500 if room is shared. Call 
457 -3285.(2/27) 

Studio Apartment in home near Windansea 
Beach. Near Bus. $435. 454-1932.(2/2t) 

Roommate wanted. Female. single room. $255. 
UTC/La Jolla. Washer / Dryer. pool. Jasmine 
558-1172. Available 3/ 1.(2/23) 

Privale room in Genesee Highlands. $266.67 
and t / 3 utilities. Nonsmoker male/lemale. A.M. 
or after 6 pm. Call 455·7065.(2121) 

Credit for Your Old Tests! We pick upl Hyper-
learning. an innovative 1uIorlai progr~m in La 
Jolla Village ~ust south of UCSO}. IS payll1g 
$1 /class (up to $t O/studenl) for old tests. syl-
labi. and course / section handouts tor all Math 
Physics. Chem. and B,o classes. We believe a 
PubliC Test Bank / Handouls File is the only falf 
way 10 eliminale the selecllve advantage of the 
old test underground. and Improve Ihe general 
quality ot supplemenls available. I.n these 
ctasses. If you need to keep your Originals. we 
will accepl photocopies. All student wriling will 
be ellmlnaled tram our file copies Tests and 
handouts from Ihe last four years are particu-
larly deslfed. Just call 546-8273 and leave a 
message. We 'lI gel back to you and arrange a 
convenient pick up time. Thanksl (3 / 8) 

ACTOR WANTED: Male actor wanted for short 
him. Call Josh LeBeau. 558-1972. (2/21) 

Filth ReSident AdVisor apphcatlons now avalla-
ble

' 
Pick up referral at Career Services. Dead-

line 2/23 / 89. 534-2261. (2/23) 

Samba Classes
' 
Thursday evenings at the Che 

Cate. Percussion 6-7:30. Dance 7'30-9 pm. 
(3/2) 

Take bad notes? Do poorly on tesls? Tutors On 
Tap is offering 2 workshops in Notetaking and 
Test-Taking Techniques on Tuesday, February 
28. Call 466·9686 for detalls.(2/23) 

MeXICO. May 26-29. Beachtront La Concha 
Hotel - 3 nights / air from $287. Sherry 
274-8962 (2/21) 

Moneyl! Money!! Lots of. Full lime or pall lime 
available Senous onty please. (619) 558· 
2087 (2 / 23) 

Alaska Wilderness Sludies. Earn 14 quarter 
units sludYlng In the Wrangell Mountains ot 
Alaska Slide show aboul Wrangell - St Elias 
National Park Thursday Feb 23 at 4 p.m In 
Bonner 21 05.(2/2t) 

Congratulallons to lhe new 1989 Panhellenlc 
officers Debbie Hansel. Marl Hashltate. Eliza-
beth Lawson. Melrsse Garrett. Monlque 01 Paolo. 
Estee Shapiro. Chnssy Gllllvan. Jill Barnel 
Good luCkl From the otd officers ot Pan· 
hellemc.(2 /2 t) 

Congralulallons to all the new ottlcers of 1989 
Panhellenlc Good luCk I From the slSlers at 
AOPI (2/21) 

Hey 5th Cot lege commulers
' 

Come 10 the 
commuter 8reaklast Wed Feb 22. from 745 
tOam Costonly50¢ BreakfastlntheCommu· 
ler Lounge at the Provost s office (2/21) 

Semester At Sea Into session come to the 
Pepper Canyon lounge Ihls Thursday. Feb 23. 
at 4 pm to meet Semester At Sea rep Jeanne 
Kelley If you can 't make IhlS meeting. stop by 
the OpportUnl1les Abroad Otflce lor info.(2/21) 

Work In Australia . CIEE has hmlled work permits 
tor students Interested In working in Auslralia for 
up to six months Potential applicants should 
check wllh the Opportunlhes Abroad Office 
Immediately for details (2/21) 

AOP, should be commended tor raising $70 for 
arthrihs research at Tuesday's balloon sale. 
Allflghl!(2/21 ) 

Forming Hawa" Clubl All from Hawaii and l or 
Just interesled contact Robb 558-6754; Allison 
558-9171 (2 /21) 

Everything you ever wanted to know about 
UCSD but were afraid to ask Will gladly be ans-
wered by the Asslsstant Vice Chancellor of 
undergraduate AHairs. Tom Tucker at Warren's 
5O¢ "all you can eal " commuter breakfast. 
Tuesday 7:30-10 a.m. In the Provost's Confer-
ences Room (2/16) 

Free! Bible Correspondence Course. Non-
denominational. 747-4t55 P.O Box 27393G. 
Esc .. CA. 92027.(2 / 21) 

The Circus IS Coming" Sidewalk ClfCUS Will per-
form on Mon .. Feb. 27 In Revelle Plaza al noon. 
Join the crowd for some gentle fun In one mar-
velous hour. Sponsored by Ihe Ofllce of Reli-
gious Aflalls.(2/23) 

Visa or Mastercardl Even if bankrupt or bad 
credil! We Guarantee you a card or double your 
money back. Call (805) 682-7555. Ext. M· 
1052.(2121) 

1986 Honda Elite 250. Highway legal. black with 
matching helmet Stereo. cover. parking permit. 
In excellent condition. Musl see to appreCiate. 
$1500 abo. Call 558-8137.(2/23) 

1986 Honda Interceptor SO~. Excellent condl-
lion. Runs perfect New Metzeter TIres. Ferodos. 
Looks great. Still under warranty. $1 .800. Leave 
message at 558-6476.(3/6) 

Full size Bed. $40. Panasonic Villager 11 bicycle. 
S30; a women's small full-face mOlorcycle 
helmet. S20: and a basic weight bench $20. Call 
Kim 558-1048 in the evenings paS15 p.m.(2/ 20) 

Honda CVCC wagon. 1978. automatic. new 
starter. battery. tires, rebuilt engine, am/fm 
cassette. Excellent condilion. 51500 /0bo. 
455-9543.(2 / 27) 

Surfboard. "Riggs" 6'4 Tflfin. never used. $200. 
Also want " Ratt " tix for Mar~ h 9. Dan. 
481 -0836.(2 12 t) 

SaveS - Buy mail order magazines. compact 
discs and VIdeos. call 672-8753.(2/23) 

Kawasaki Jet Ski Completely rebUilt and 
upgraded Quick and reliable St .l00 w/ trailer. 
454-9294 (212 t) 

Slereo. Sanyo portable Multi-band and dual 
tape. Excellent sound. $30. 454-9294.(2I2t) 

Ski Boots. Technlca Compo Size 11. Black 520. 
454-9294 (2/2 t) 

Gemeinhall flute (student). S200 abO Excellent 
for intermediate/beginner. Call 231-0311 
eves(2/21) 

1982 Honda 450 motorcycle (maroon) Great 
condition. 5750 obo. Includes helmets Call 
231-0311 eves.(2121) 

Alwa "flip· front" car stereo. have recelpls. Exc. 
condo $500 new. will sell for $200. 558- 1275. 
(2 / 21) 

VW Dasher Wagon. '78 Injection. 4 spd. runs 
strong. 100K. $750 obo. 558-3085 Bonnie 
(2/27) 

t978 BUick LaSabre Well maintained AM / FM 
cassette stereo. new tires. brakes. auto. $3000 
566-0697.(2/21 ) 

Energelic people to work at local night Club. 
Great money. funl Must be 2t 297-4850.(2/21} 

Female non-smokrng roommale wanted 10 
share room In PaCifiC Beach. S280/ mo and 
utlllties.(2/27) 

Need female to take two children to and trom 
school in exchange for tree room and board 10 
hr/ wk. Contact Lili al 459-1072 

Gain valueable communica lion skills while 
earning grea $$$h. Call alumni and parents for 
the UCSD Annual Fund from oor on-campus 
office Flexible evening hours. great experience. 
fun peopte For more information call 587· 
1589.(2/ 2t ) 

Experience life al KSDT. Be a part 01 the Spflng 
Program Guide 1989. We are looking for a 
responsible individual(s) to be our "ad sales 
representative" work in a tun enVIronment and 
join the KSDT Radio Staff Ask tor Monica at 
534-3673.(2 / 2t) 

Wanted' Energetic. Fflendly people tor CUSIO-
mer service and toad preparation. Contaci 
Carolyn 259-5111 . Location Del Mar (2/21) 

UCSD Campus Tour Gurde poSitions available. 
Contact the part-trme student employment office 
tOday.(2/2t) 

Expanding Company needs: brlQht. young. mOl-
Ivated manageflal type of people. If you can 
deal with people you can make good money. 
Serious only please. (619) 558-2087.(2123) 

Roommate wanted for spring quarter. Great 
location. Own room - near downtown La Jolla. 
S356 /mo. 459-5697.(2123) 

'Wanted - Mountain Bike. Good mechanical 
condil ion. Will pay cash. Ralph 558-8433.(2121 ) 

International Heaflh and Fitness company is 
looking for on·campus reps. Full training. fleXI -
ble hours. Excellent part-time earnings. Call us 
tOday! Mr. Ford 565- t 644.(3/2) 

Employment! Representatives Needed for credit 
applications. $l .SO per application. Work on 
campus. Call 462-8110.(2/23) 

Branch management positions available in your 
hometown dUfing lhe summer. Earn $6-15.000 
and gain valuable business experience No 
Investment. Act nowl Call Student Painters for 
more informalion at t -800·426-6441. (3/ 13) 

Graduate Sludents Needed: to participele in a 
UCSD Medical Center study on Informahon 
proceSSing. Participants Will be paid Please 
contacl Melissa at 543-55 70 for further informa-
tion and an appolntmenl(2 / 23) 

Secretaryl Law Clerk - Good tYPing skllls.llex-
Ible hours No experience necessary $4 SO /hr. 
La Jolla Shores. 459-0032. (2/21) 

Taking Physics 2B and need stUdy buddies? 
Prepare for Quizzes and Ihe final wrth a small 
group. If Interested. call 270· 1936 and ask for 
Roark.(3 / 13) 

Wanted- Mountain Bike. Good mechanical 
cond Will pay cash. Ralph 558-8433. (2/2 t) 

Word Processing - IBM w/ laser printer. Slu· 
dent Papers and Resumes. Reasonable. Input! 
Outpul 530-0470.(3 / 13) 

Word Processing. Student Rates. 7 days a 
week, Excellent English SkillS. 755-2683 (4 / 6) 

r------------------, 
II 25"Yo OFF Any small. I, _ medium or large 
I frozen yogurt I 
, I 
I I 
, I 
, VOId willi cw-. oIIw -.. I 
, ToppIngt noIlnC:tucJed. Explr •• 2/26/89 I 

One coupon 10 a 
I CUIIomer I 
, Hcus: 11-10:30 Mon-Thurs. I I 11-11 Fri. & Sat. I 
, 12-10:30 Sun. I 
, 7770 Regenil Rd., SUite 108 MoO I 

(In Vons Shopping Center) L __________________ ~ 

PASSPORT PICTURES' New al Cal Copy. 
Only $5 95. While you wall Xeroxes and more 
N e ar St Germalns . 4 52-9949 
(3/13) 

Word Processing ' laser printer gIves 
typeset-quality papers St 50/ dbl. spc page. 
Rush laDS available. Free pickup and delivery. 
Craig 452-6934. (4/3) 

We Install your auto Siereo and. speaker sys-
lems atlhe lowest rates in the county. Over 20 
years experience Performance Auto Sound 
744-7026.(3/ 13) 

TYPING I WORD PROCESSING With Laser 
Printing Low cost term papers. theses. resumes. 
Fasl! NADINE 578-0496 (3/13) 

TUTORI NG A proven method towards beller 
grades. Reasonable rates. All subjects For 
appointment call ' 755-2669. (4/3) 

If} ou're the blonde gill that took my volleyball a 
couple monthS ago at the MUll apartments. I 
hope you are enjoying my volleyball N-4.(3/13) 

LOST Gold bracelet in USB 4030 or HL 1400A 
on Monday Feb. 6. Sentlmenlal value. Please 
call 585·6094. Melinda. (2/21) 

FOUND Fri. 2 / 10 by Revelle Parking Lot -
ladles ' walch. Also tound last quarter by Bonner 
Hall. "peace" medallion. To claim. call 755· 
3286.(2 / 20) 

LOST Black Microphone/ Transmitter lost in 
STL-002 on Thurs. 2 / 2 / 89. UnlllS essenhal to 
my lectures. If found please call Bnan @450-
0760 or Disabled Student Services @ 534-
4382. Reward.(2/ 21) 

FOUND: Silver Fuji bike. US8 area. Feb. 8. 
534-2508.534-2508.(2/21 ) 

LOST: Gold ring in TLH building. Women's 
bathroom. Flower shape flng. Big Reward. Call 
455-5384.(2 / 27} 

FOUND: Basketball in main gym last Saturday 
evening. 2/ 11 around 6:00 Call 558-6537. 
(2123) 

WANTED: 49 People. We'lI pay you to lose up to 
25 Ibs. In the next 30 days! Dr. Recommended. 
100% natural . t 00% Guaranleed. Call Katie 
565-8696.(2/27) 

Party In Mazattan dunng spnng break. Only 
$209. For more info call Bret 558-2592.(3/2) 

Attend a tree workshop on publiC speaking. 
March 2nd. 7 p.m . In USB 2722(2 / 21 ) 

5th College Commuters. Don't miSS Commuter 
Breakfasl Wed. Feb 22. 7:45-10 a.m. Provos!'s 
Oftlce 50¢1(2 / 21) 

To Jan (Lrfeguard's) The greatest discovery of 
the cenlury - YOUI From Telsu (2/21) 

The Catholrc Student Community Invites you to 
a night 01 UNIOUE entertainment. Come to CO.f' 
feehouse IV. Saturday. Feb 25th at 7:30 p.m. In 
the Fellowshrp Hall of the University Lutheran 
ChurCh.(2/ 23) 

Dear Jim. Jeff or whoever you are -t hope you 
are feeling better !'m here and t care a lot. 
Realty a lot. 

JEFF - Eyes of eVil see through the pale 
screen of a man's blood. Happy hunting. and 
remember - for your deSire there IS no cure. 
(2/ 21) 

FRED - Internal SOCial revott reqUiles tense 
nerves and a repressed hairstyle - Springer. 

TO my Della Iota Kappa Bros. - 3 days With 
Jello. yo-yos and student beautiCians was too 
much. Party onl Your Bro - Spike 

Run the wo~dl Flffh College Open House meet· 
Ing. 6 p.m. Wednesday. February 22. at the 
Provost's. 

Baseball players needed for an adult baseball 
team In S.D. (espeCially a , atcher). 450· 
9t72.(2/ 23) 

To the guys In my suite - I really. really think 
lhat we should get lagether one of these nights 
and plan a big party. -Mike. 

NEWS 
WRITERS 

Mandatory 
Meeting! 

Tonight, 6:30 
at the Guardian 

office 

La Jolla Center 
for Mood and 

Appetite Disorders 
OFFERS SERVICES FOR: 

Depression/stress 
Eating disorders 

Relationship issues 
Weight control 

Call now for 
an appointment 
546-4415 

kinko·s· 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Ville La Jolla Dr. 

"SWEAT WITH THE BEST' 
• Certified instructors • tlabysitti ng 

• High & low impact available 

classes • Full locker room 

• Floating suspended 
facilities 

wood floor OPEN TO 
• Pay per workout or THE PUBLIC 

per month MllJewl." 
FIRST VISIT FREE Communlt, Center 4128 Executive Dr. For class Sl:hedule & between 1-5 and 1-805 
pricas call 457-3030 North of La Jolla Village Dr 

... 



t 6 Tuesday. February 21. 1989 

____ S_~2D~~T S-----
Bench-Clearing Brawl in 16-3 Loss 

S.F. State Fights Off Tritons 
B A.c. LEE 
taff Writer 
"They played like Bu h Lea-

guer !" aid part-time boxer and 
U D pitcher Chri Murphy after 
the Divi ion 11 an Franci co tate 
ba eban team gave the Tntons 
their fir t ta te of total defeat and 
blood with a 16-3 thra hing Sat-
urday at home. The game fea-
tured a bench-cleanng brawl in 
the econd Inning. 

"Bu h Leaguer," accord 109 to 
UC D Head Coach Lvle Yate ,I 
a derogator tateme'nt in ba e-
ball that refer to a player or team 
that how no profe ional cour-
te y or coaching ethIc. It I a ort 
of un~ritten rule in ba eball that 
when a team is up by a con Idera-
ble amount of run, and almo t 
as ured of a ictory. it hould ease 
up a bit and Ie en the embaras -
ment for the losing team. 

Obviou Iy, the S.F. tate team 
never heard of thi rule, playing 
an overly aggre ive tyle of base-
ball toward the late inning ~ith 
the game well in hand. Even 
though San Franci co held a lead 
of no Ie than eight run through-
out the majority of the game, it 
members coninued to teal un-
needed base • executed the hit 
and run, and the coach left hi 

Peter Mtssrobian/ Guardian 
Chaos - Triton Dave Nowlan (19) prepares to deck an S.F. State 
player dunng Saturday's melee. 

tarting lineup in until the ninth 
inning, after tate had accumu-
lated a 14 run lead . 

Not only did San Franci co 
State play without ethic, but it 
al 0 played in a cheap and dirty 
manner which at one point cul-

minated in an all-out brawl. 
The melee tarted during the 

top of the second inning when 
San Franci co State loaded the 
base with one out. S.F. State 
catcher Peter Nurre then hit a 
ingle that drove in two runs. As 

both runners came home, each 
attempted to to elbow UCSD 
catcher Jim Martinez. According 
to Murphy, who wa pitching at 

the time, Martinez did not pro-
voke the San Francisco runners 
and was very surpri ed when the 
second runner succeeded at hit-
ting him in the rib. 

In addition, both Martinez and 
Murphy began to exchange heated 
words with the runners and finalJy 
Murphy threw the first punch 
which instigated the bench-cJear-

See BASEBALL, page 14 

Swimmers Qualify Seven to Nationals 
By CARIN RESNICK 
Staff Writer 

If gambling wa legal in San 
Diego, UCSD wim coach Bill 
Morgan could have made a kill-
ing on Satl'rday. Again t the 
University of Southern Califor-
nia, the o. 3 team in the nation. 
Triton hit the jackpot - qualify-

ing seven swimmer for the Na-
tional . 

Morgan put hi chip on even 
wimmer, having them shave and 

taper pecificalJy for the USC 
meet. Even by La Vega stand-
ards. Morgan bet weI!. Six of the 
seven targeted swimmers won big, 
adding themselve to the growing 
list of qualifiers. Jon Pennington. 
Luke alerno, Chris arillo, 

Peter Messrobian/ (J/lordwtl 
Pete Smith qualified tor Nationals In the 1 650 freestyle Saturday 

Randy Franke, Richard Daniels 
and Jeff Vance combined some-
what re ted bodies and fre hly 
haved skin to score Division III 

National Championship berths. 
The urpri e of the day came 

when Triton Pete mith cashed in 
on the 1,650 freestyle with a time 
of 16:31. I I. mith had not tapered 
off his workout the past week 
and his unexpected qualification 
sparked an already excited Triton 
team. 

Although the Trojan held on 
to a consistent lead throughout 
the meet and defeated the Tritons 
149-128. Triton Head oach Bill 
Morgan!>tre ed C D'saccomp-
Ii hment ." S had Olympian 
and world record holder!> swim-
mingtoday. The key for u was to 
qualify as many as we could 

agal~st them." 
Adding seven new name to the 

list. the Tnton men's team now 
ha .. 17 swimmer'> and a diver elig-
ible for the trip to Orlando. Flor-
Ida, where the Nationals will be 
held in mId-March With two 
meets remaining in the ~ea~on, 

See SWIMMING, page 14 

Upcoming UCSD Intercollegiate Sports ... 
What Who When 
Baseball (M) CAL BAPTI T Feb. 23 2:00 p.m. 
Basketball (W) OUTHERN CAL. COLLEGE Feb. 24 6:00 p.m. 
Basketball (M) MENLO Feb. 24 8:00 p.m. 
Golf La Verne eb. 23 1:00 p.m. 

wim and Dive (M) Pac. ollegiate wim Conf. Meet Feb. 23-25 all day 
Tennis (W) WE TMONT Feb. 21 3:00 p.m. 

CLAREMONT· RIPP Feb. 24 2:00 p.m. 

Quigley, Sargeant Qualify 

School Records Fall For 
Track & Field This Weekend 

By PHIL GRUEN 
ports Editor 

It i till earl in the season, 
but Shannon Quigley and Scott 

argeant began making plan 
this weekend for the end of the 
eason, when they will be huf-

fling off to llJinoi to compete 
in the Divi ion III National 
Track & Field Champion hip. 

In addition to their qualify-
ing achievement , Triton ath-
lete broke five school record 
and racked up eight first place 
finishe both Friday and Sat-
urday. 

Quigley broke her own 
chool records in both the di -

cus and the hotput on Friday 
at the Me a Invitational with 
di tance ofI40'II"and43'5", 
re pectively. The e mark also 
qualified her for ationals in 
both events. 

argeant. who had et a new 
school record in the hammer 
throw la t week at 156'5", broke 
his own record and qualified 
for Nationals on Saturday at 
the Pomona-Pitzer All-Comer 
Meet when he thrusted the 
hammer 166' 5". 

Also at the Pomona-Pitzer 
meet, the women's 4x 100 relay 
team (Robin Bellamy, Yvette 

Marzullo, Chri ty Cheney, and 
Andrea Kouremetis) broke a 
chool record when it placed 

first with a time of 51.90. Kou-
remeti broke a school record 
of her own by winning the 200-
meters in 26.38. 

In addition to Kouremeti ' 
feat, the Triton women cleaned 
up in other individual event . 
Although they were not Na-
tional qualifying times or dis-
tance , Gi ele Engli h's 2:28.04 
in the 800-meters and 4:5 1.6 in 
the 1,500-meter , Vicki Dunk-
Ie's 71.5 in the 400-meters 
hurdles, and Rachel Beerman' 
88'4.5" in the shot put and 
118'11.5" in the discus were all 
fir t place finishe at the Pom-
ona meet. 

The mt;n's 4x400-meter relay 
team of im Kyser, Styhanos 
Stylianou, Matt Pizza, and 
Kevin Archer also finished fir t 
on Saturday with a time of 
3:24.6. 

Along with it eight fir t 
place fini hes on Saturday, the 
UCSD track & field team 
boa ted I I second place fin-
ishes. 

The track team competes on 
Saturday at the Cal Tech Invi-
tational, and then in the Long 
Beach Relays on Sunday. 

Triton Sports Update ... 
Women's Tennis 
It was a breeze this weekend for 

the women's tennis team, who 
beat both Point Lorna Nazarene 
and Occidental by 9-0 cores out 
on the Muir Courts. Not only that 
but the 2-2 Tritons did not lose a 
single et the entire weekend in 
either game. 

After a tough loss last week to 
Pomona-Pitzer, Head Coach Liz 
LaPlante noted that her players 
were "much more mentally ready 
this weekend." UC D ho ts West-

mont College today at 3 p .m . on 
the Muir Courts. 

Men 's Tennis 

The UCSD men 's tennis team 
s uffered three weekend 10 ses 
against three extremely tough 
schools; Hawaii, Cal Poly San 
Luis Obispo, and Air Force. 

Against Division I Hawaii , 
UCSD got singles victories from 
Sig Huber (No. I). Francois 
Monnar (N 0.2), and Chris Belloli 

ee UPDATE, page 14 

Lacrosse Wipes Out USD 
By orr PREGER ON 
Contributinx Writer 

In the midst of the many uc-
cessful teams at CSD. the early 
markings of a dyna ty is begin-
ning to surface with the men's 
lacro se team. After an unde-
feated debut sea on in 1981, the 
team struggled for seven vear to 
win con!>i tently. However. Sat-
urday's crushing 18-6 victory over 
league rival SO demonstrates 
that the Tritons are fiere compet-
Itors in this predominantly Ea"t 
Coast sport. 

With this WIn , S D has' 
attained the No. I ranking in Div-
ision II by means of an umtoppa-
ble offense and a tough, hard hit-
ting defem-e. In addition, the team 
con ists primarily of juniors a nd 

sophomore who can enhance the 
quality of the team for years to 
come 

The onslaught of points scored 
by the Triton was accomplished 
by eight different players,even of 
whom pumped in two or more 
goals. Attacker John Rentzipas 
collected two goals and three 
assists while Juan Millan, d 
Cheng. and Doug , haddle each 
provided hat trick!> in the sconng 
trcn?, . 

fhere were !>ome question 
heading Into the game a to 
~ hether the defense would hold 
tough due to an injury to starter 
Orion Alcalay. However, inten e 
hustle by Drew Reynolds and 
another outstanding performance 
by Sven Haynie was a ll the up-

ee LACRO E. page 14 

Upcoming UCSD Club Sports ... 
What 

ycling 
Lacrosse (M) 

Lacrosse (W) 
kiing 

Who 

Irvine 
AL TOURNEY 

Region hmpnshps . 

When 

25-26 
22 

Feb. 26 
Feb. 25-26 

eb. 25-26 

TBA 
7:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
10:00 a.m. 
TDA 


