
Inside ... OPI~ION FEATl 'HES SPOHTS 
• OPINION 
• FEATURES 
• SPORTS 

4 
10 
24 

Is Affirmative 
Action Fair? 4 

How Safe Is the 
UCSD Campus? 1 0 

Water Polo Upsets 
No.8 UCSB 24 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 68, #10 

Members of Hank Easton's San Diego-based Easton West Band perform at yesterday's UCSD 
Jazz Festival in the Price Center Plaza. The band was one of three which performed. 

Grad Students Vote On 
Insurance ReferenduDl 
By MELINDA HAMILTON 
Guardian Intern 

Voting on a referendum for 
graduate and medical students 
regarding a mandatory graduate 
health insurance plan began Wed-
nesday and will continue through 
Nov. 2. 

John Giebink, director of Stu-
dent Health Services, said that an 
investigation into a campus-wide 
health plan began last January. 

The GSA became interested a 
few months later, and the sys-
temwide plan was under consid-
eration by June, supported by the 
Office of the President (OP), 
Giebink said. 

According to Giles, a commit-
tee was set up by the OP earlier this 

year to look into a mandatory health 
plan for graduate students for the 
five southern campuses, modeled 
after health plans on the other UC 
campuses. 

Giles said the GSA conducted 
surveys a year ago that indicated 
student support for a plan. 

"We realized the benefits of 
having such a plan in place," Giles 
said. He said that UC San Fran-
cisco has had a similar plan for 17 
years. 

The original target date for the 
systemwide plan to take effect, if 
passed, was Jan. 1, 1990, but nego-

See VOTING, page 9 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23,1989 

Students Prepare To Aid In 
Abortion Clinic's Defense 
By JAMES MULLINER 
Staff Writer 

Anticipating a clash with anti-
abortion protestors, over a hundred 
pro-choice advocates, including an 
estimated 30 UCSD students, gath-
ered at the Sixth Avenue Medical 
Center in San Diego Saturday. 

Wearing bright orange vests, 
the pro-choice volunteers spread 
themselves across the t:ntrances to 
the parking lot of the Womancare 
Clinic, where abortions are per-
formed, and patrolled !he perime-
ter of the buildings to foil any 
blockade attempt by members of 
Operation Rescue, a national anti-
abortion organization. 

Volunteer Coordinator at 
Womancare Julie Ulrich said that 
"Operation Rescue has announced 
that they 're going to blockade a 
clinic or a doctor's office in San 
Diego today, and we are defending 
our clinic." 

She was not sure whether 
Womancare would be the selected 
target, even though a few pro-life 
advocates had begun circulating 
aroung the Womancare Clinic area 
by 8 a.m. 

But, according to UCSD stu-
dent Melinda Thompson, who 
regularly volunteers as an ~scort at 
Womancare, the situation seemed 
normal for a Saturday morning. 

Thompson said a few Opera-
tion Rescue members picket the 

clinic every Saturday, 
By 8:30 a.m. , news came that 

the pro-life group had struck a 
clinic in La Mesa. 

Lisa Cauble, a member of the 
Women's Resource Center, ex-
plained that "Womancare was 
originally the only clinic to be 
open [Saturday] but, at the last 
minute, the Family Planning 
Associates (FP A) Medical Group 
in La Mesa went ahead and opened 
for appointm~nts." 

The La Mesa clinic had spe-
cifically requested that no pro-
choice advocates be on hand at 
their clinic during anti-abortion 
protests, according to Cauble. 

Lieutenant AI Joslyn, of the La 
Mesa police, said that before 6:30 
a.m. some 175 Operation Rescue 
members had gathered at the FP A. 

Joslyn said they "blocked ac-
cess to the building, the owners 
placed them under citizen's ar-
rest," and some arrests were made 
by police already on the scene. 

He went on to sayan unlawful 
assembly was soon declared by 
the police department .. 

"Once an unlawful assembly 
is declared. the people on the scene 
are given an opportunity to leave," 
he said. "They are informed that if 
they refuse to leave, they can be 
placcti under arrest for violation 
of the order to disperse." 

Joslyn reported that mass ar-

See PROTEST, page 3 

Twenty percent of registered 
graduate and medical students must 
vote for the referendum to be valid, 
and two-thirds of those votes must 
be in favor ofthe referendum for it 
to pass. 

Students Protest Soviet Arts Festival Opening 
. If the referendum passes, the 
plan will go to the University of 
California Board of Regents for 
final approval. 

The new plan includes benefits 
for pregnancy ,surgery, dental care, 
acupuncture, drug and alcohol 
abuse, car accidents andchiroprac-
tic and mental illness. 

The plan calls for each student 
to pay $300 for 12-month cover-
age, down from $438 for similar 
coverage under the current plan. 
Spousal cvverage is an extra $613 
per year and coverage for all of a 
student's children costs an addi-
tional $322 per year. Each covered 
person has a $100 deductible per 
calendar year. 

Graduate students who can 
show proof of enrollment in an-
other health plan with equal or 
benercoverage will not be required 
to pay the extra fees, according to 
Randall Giles. Graduate Student 
Association (GSA) internal vice 
president. 

By SETH SLATER 
Editor In Chief 

A small group of UCSD stu-
dents made their tand against the 
San Diego Arts Festival yesterday 
in Balboa Park. 

The three-week long showcase 
of Soviet cultural works, entitled 

"Treasure~ of the Soviet Union," 
has been hailed by San Diego 
Mayor Maureen O'Connor as "a 
contribution to world peace," but 
members of the campus group 
Young Americans for Freedom 
(Y AF) viewed the festival through 
more cynical eyes. 

"Everybody thinks that [the 
Soviet Union] is the great peace 
nation of the world, at the mo-
ment," said Y AF San Diego County 
Chairperson Steve' Holden. 

"We're not deny!ne the art 
should exist; what we're denying 
is appreciating the . . . death of 
thousands of people that go along 
with that and ... we're trying to 
bring that to light, "he said. 

During yesterday's grand open-

ing ceremonies, a group of about 
five Y AF members filed through 
the crowd-lined walkways of 
Balboa Park wielding anti-Soviet 
signs and distributing niers . 
Holden estimated that close to 30 
of his organization's members 
turned out for the protest, but only 
a handful of them appeared near 
the park's main thoroughfare. 

Retiring Y AF state chairperson-
Barry Jantz said of the festival, "If 
you want to do an arts festival. fine 
... [but] if you're going to do the 
Soviet Union, why don't you give 
equal time to the groups that are 
refugees <.of the Soviet Union?" 

Latvian immigrant Ivars 
Emmerminas, after exhanging 
views with Y AF protestors at the 
festival. said that even though he is 
"against communism ... [the fes-
tival] doesn't have anything to do 
with artistic freedom. It has to do 
with extending a hand of freedom. 
That's what we need more than 
anything else and that [protest) does 
just the opposite." 

, 

An Armenian group protests Soviet human rights violations 
with a parade of "prisoner states"led by a mock-Gorbachev. 



UCNEWS 
UC Professors Awarded National 
Medal Of Science By President Bush 

UCLA Chemi try Professor Richard Bernstein was 
one of three UC scientists awarded the National Medal of 
Science by President Bush in a White Hou e ceremony 
last week. 

Bernstein received the honor for "his development 
and use of the technique of molecular beams, which has 
played a significant role in shaping the field of modem 
chemical dynamics," according to the citation accompa-

~ing the medal. 
The National Medal of Science is the highest scien-

tific honor awarded by the president and no more than 20 
medals can be presented in a calendar year. 

"Bernstein is one of the very select people who was 
able to establish a field of science in an area where there 
is continuing interest," said UCLA chemistry and bio-
chemistry professor Charles Knobler. 

Bernstein, who joined the UCLA facuIty in 1983, is 
the first UCLA profes or to receive the National Medal 
of Science since 1970. 

Melvin Calvin, a professor at UC Berkeley, received 
the award for his study in the field of photosynthesis. UC 
Santa Barbara's Professor Katherine Esau received the 
award for her service to the community of plant biolo-
gists. 

The National Medal of Science was first e tabli hed 
in 1959. A special committee evaluates potential win-
ners and presents its recommendations to the president, 
who then make the final decisions. 

By Andrea Schulte 
Daily Bruin 

Department Of Justice Cancels 
AIDS Test For UCLA Student 

The u.s. Department of Justice will no longer seek an 
AIDS blood test for a UCLA slUdent who allegedly spat 
at a policeman, a federal pro ecutor said last week, 

Peter Sigal , a graduate tudent, is charged with as-
saulting an officer outside the Federal Building in 

Motley's Crew 
MASEI-. iHI!s~ MIKE 

,.1~ 6O~1oJA. Be: 
t.. .. (:re: FOI4 DIIoJt.Je:~ , 
SUI 'I've; 601 A. 
GOOD ~)(CU~ ." 

Shoe 

1~ IN ). 
fJeeorl.AilJ.J6 

'5>~6510N !="OR 
iH~ rzl<*r5 
,0 MY 1...IF~ 

STOrzy-" 
\ 

News Clips 
Westwood, California on Oct. 6 while he and about 300 

I protesters demanded more government funding for AIDS 
treatment. 

Another Justice Department attorney had said she 
would reque t a search warrant forcing Segal to take a 
test for the human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV, 
which causes AIDS . 

Sigal said the original request showed "a tremendous 
amount of ignorance [regarding) how the virus is trans-
mitted. It's good to see cooler heads prevailed." 

Sigal, whose spittle allegedly landed on Capt. John 
Bier as he chanted into the officer's face, was the only 
person charged with assault at the morning protest. 
Federal police wearing surgical masks and gloves ar-
rested 79 others for trespassing and blocking the Federal 
Building's entrance . 

By W. Kevin Leung 
Daily Bruin 

UC Davis Student Selected To Join 
In Biological Study Of Antarctica 

A UC freshperson is one of only two students selected 
among 2,500 U.S . high school graduates to participate in 
the U.S . Antarctic Program by the National Science 
Foundation (NSF). 

Catherine BI ish, 18, of Saratoga, California, will join 
a senior Antarctic researcher in the study of photobiol-
ogy of algae living in sea-ice. The U.S. Antarctic Pro-
gram is managed by the NSF and supports more than 90 
research projects a year in the atmospheric, oceanic, 
earth and life sc iences. 

Blish enrolled this fall at UC Davis, where she was 
awarded a University Regents Scholarship. 

Los Alamos Sc;entist Designs 
New Method Of Fingerprinting 

A scientist at the Los Alamos National Laboratory in 
New Mexico, a facility managed by the University of 
California, has achieved a breakthrough in the century-
old identification technique of fingerprinting. 

George Saunders ' new method of developing finger-
prints led to the arrest of a criminal suspect for the first 
time last March. The method invented by Saunders, a 
member of the lab's Cell Biology Group. uses so-called 

By Ben Te eton & Tom Forman 
~~------~-------"A~D II=' THtS CSUY E!>uY5 

Me: OIoJIS "«014~ ~e:~ I'M 
6ONIoJA leI-I- tT 'TO HIM. 

By Jeff MacNelly 
H~ ~'{~ IF MI( ..,RM 
VIlA? A L-rfru: 9r1WNG€R / 

Simple Beasts By Doug Hall 
MAY~~ If~ 1'IMf' ! 
sfARf€O A JZ€GULA2. 

~:t.~JZCIS~ PIW6JZAM. 

collodial gold to develop and enhance latent fingerprints 
on all kinds of surfaces, even adhesive tape. 

Saunders, who worked closely with the U.S. Secret 
Service, was praised by Secret Service officials. The 
officials cited his discovery as "one of the most signifi-
cant developments in the fingerprint field ." 

( s..t UCSD NEWS J 
Evolutionary Biologist/Writer To 
Give Lecture In Price Center Tonight 

Evolutionary biologist and author Stephen Jay Gould, 
who teaches biology, geology, and the history of science 
at Harvard University, will give a free public lecture 
tonight at 7 p.m. in the Price Center Grand Ballroom. 
Gould will also sign copies of his new boole, Wonderful 
Life: The Burgess Shale and the Nature 0/ History 
immediately.foUowing his talk. 

Gould's book explores the nature of history through 
the details of one case study: the Burgess Shale of British 
Columbia. The Burgess Shale held afe some of the most 
precious and imponant fossils in the world for millions 
of years until its discovery this century. 

Gould was among the first recipients of a MacAnhur 
Fellowship, .and received the American Book Award in 
1981 for The Panda's Thumb. He also received the 
National Boole Critics' Circle Award for The Mismeas-
urI! o/Man. 

UCSD To Host PBS Special Featuring 
Presidential Press Secretaries 

A PBS-television special, focusing on "The Presi-
dency, the Press, and the People" and featuring the 
presidential press secretaries from the past seven admini-
strations, will be produced on the UCSD campus early 
next year. 

The program, produced by KPBS-TVwith the help of 
a grant from the Ford Motor Company, will take place on 
Jan. 5 and 6. It will be moderated by NBC News com-
mentator John Chancellor. 

The program will examine issues related to the presi-
dency and the media, including how the press secretary's 
function has evolved in the years since the Kennedy 
administration and the impact of television itself. 

Fonner press secretaries Pierre Salinger, George 
Reedy, Bill Moyers, George Christian, Ronald Ziegler, 
Jerry Terhorst, Ronald Nessen, Jody Powell, James 
Brady, Larry Speakes and Marlin Fitzwater will all 
participate in the program and the symposiulT) which will 
accomany it. 

UCSD Diabetes Center Moves To 
New Location at Ambulatory Center 

The UCSD Diabetes Center ha moved to the new 
UCSD Ambulatory Center, a primary medical outpa-
tient facility adjacent to UCSD Medical Center at 4168 
Front Street. 

The center is one of the country's leading research 
and clinical centers in the study of Type n (adult onset) 
diabetes, the most common fonn . 

The new Ambulatory Center, which will act as UCSD' s 
new outpatient teaching facility , also includes outpatient 
examination and treatment for primary care obstetrics, 
primary care pediatrics, general medicine and specialty 
medicine. 

The center's new telephone numbers are 543-3422 
(appointments) and 543-3714 (for center infonnation). 

Winners Of Bookstore Textbook 
Scholarships Announced 

Five UCSD student won textbook scholarships of 
$250 at the University Bookstore during its dedication 
celebration of Oct. 3-6. 

The scholarship, awarded through random draw-
ings, gave each winner a $250 credit toward purchasing 
textbooks at the University Bookstore. 

Students winning ~cholarships were Cheryl Teicher, 
Rachel Morrison, Rachel Kaufman, Moe Spurr, and 
Donya Harris. 

--compiled by Jason Snell 
AssocioU News EdikJr 

Monday, October 23,1989 The UCSD Guardian 

A.S. Council Divided On Pros And 
Cons Of 'Fighting Words' Issue 
By BEN BOYCHUCK 
Guardian Intern 

A.S. Council members are voic-
ing freedom of speech concerns 
overt he University of California's 
recently implemented 'fighting 
words' policy. 

Members are split on the pol-
icy, which was announced Sept. 
21 by UC President David Gard-
ner. The pol icy states that students 
who use words which are "inher-
ently likely to provoke a violent re-
action whether or not they actually 
do so," may face punishment as 
harsh as dismissal from the Uni-
versity. 

Jim Edwards, A.S. commis-
sioner of operations, argued that 
"there is a need for a policy like 
this," and said that he did not con-
sider this to be "a free speech is-
sue." 

"In a very real sense, there is an 
intimidating and dehumanizing 
atmosphere that Third World stu-
dents must deal with every day 
which ultimately leads to racial 
violence," Edwards said. "A rule 
such as this will help eliminate this 
atmosphere. " 

Student Advocate Joe Floren, 
though he likes the policy's inten-
tions, feels that it can not feasibly. 
be implemented and is a violation 

of free speech rights. 
"You can never restrict 

someone's words, but you can 
restrict the incitement of cenain 
actions," Floren said. " I like what 
[the rule) is trying to do: eliminate 
an intimidating atmosphere. But 
there is adifference between speech 
and action." 

While Edwards feel the rule 
was "fairly well written" and 
"clearly spelledout,"Floren, whose 
job it would be to represent stu-
dents who may face disciplinary 
measures under this rule, called 
the policy "too vague." 

"It needs to address the issue 
more directly," Floren said. "It 
leaves too many theoretical possi-
bilities open ... if an enlightened 
person is administering this pol-
icy, it might work, but I haven't 
much faith in it. 

"It all depends on the context. 
Of course you can't yell 'fire' in a 
crowded movie theater," Floren 
continued. "Similarly, is calling 
someone a ' four-eyed jerk' in cas-
ual conversation inherently vio-
lent? No." 

Edwards, however, explained 
that while "any rule can be pep 
verted, it is [the Associated Stu-
dents 'J job . . . to see that that 
doesn't happen. This rule was not 

established to punish someone for 
calling someone else ajerk. 

"The real issue is not one of 
freedom of speech, but the fact that 
we are losing students all the time 
because of this intimidating, racist 
atmosphere," he said. 

According to Edwards, students 
have wanted codes restricting vio-
lence and racist behavior, and the 
new 'fighting words' policy pro-
vides them with what they want. 
He mentioned such protest marches 
astheSpringActiononAprillOof 
this year, when 8,000 students ral-
lied at the state capitol and de-
manded a policy against raci t and 
sexist remarks, and last year's Edu-
cational Rights Conference at Stan-
ford University, where 800 stu-
dents gathered to deal with student 
issues. 

Some student organizations at 
UCSD disagree with Edwards, 
however. 

Bob Hickey, president of the 
College RepUblicans, said he was 
"sure there will bea petition drive" 
among students at UCSD. 

Brian F. Todt, a member of the 
Young Americans For Freedom, 
echoed the comments made by the 
policy's opposition. 

"It's clearly a violation of evety 
student's freedom," Todt said. 

A Day in the Life of 

ERICA 
SoVIET 

ION 
A MUUI-MEDIA 
EXTRAVAGANZA 

NEWS 3 

Lights & Sirens 
The following are selected entries from the UCSD police activ-

ity log book for the period from Friday Oct. 13 through Saturday 
Oct. 21 : 

Friday, October 13 
2:00 a.m.: A Price Center utility can was stolen and recovered in 
lot 206. 
Tuesday, Oct. 17 
8:00 a.m.: Books were stolen from the sixth and seventh floors of 
AP&M. A pipe wrench was possibly used to twist off doorknobs. 
Loss: $2,000. 
12 noon: Irrigation control valves were vandalized at the Third 
College athletic field and housing units. Damage was estimated at 
$2,500. 
7:37 p.m.: A white Volkswagen van caught fire at 9369 Discovery 
Way near the Coast Apartments. A spark caused the fuel in the van 
to ignite. The owner extinguished the fire before the San Diego Fire 
Department arrived. 
Wednesday, Oct. IS 
11:32 a.m.: A nine-year-old child was detained at the Bookstore 
for shoplifting, then released to parents. 
Thursday, Oct. 19 
4:15p.m.: Police responded to a chemical spill at Ritter Hall, after 
decomposing algae released hydrogen sulfide gas. The San Diego 
Fire Department responded and des posed of the substance. 

-Compiled by Scott Lanterman 

PROTEST 
Continued from page 1 
rests began after the assemblage 
refused to leave and rushed the 
building's door. Prisoners were 
brought to a detainment area where 
preliminary processing took place 
prior to being loaded into police 
buses and vans. 

The northbound lane of Fletcher 
Parkway was closed for several 
hours due to congestion caused by 

the event. 
According to Barbra Templer, 

a member of the UCSD-based 
group Students For Pro-Choice, 
the protestors' future plans "in-
clude letter writing campaigns, 
debates on campus, and a big rally" 
in San Diego on Nov. 12. 

Templer estimated that from 30 
to 40 UCSD students attended the 
protest , and that about 80 students 
have attended the meetings of the 
group. 

l U B 

TUESDAY NIGHT 
8 p.m.-Midnight 

25¢ Beer! 

WEDNESDAY NIGHT 
"You Call It" 

$1.00 
All Drinks! 

THURSDAY NIGHT 
"College Night" 

$1.00 Drink 
with proper college I. D. 

Watch for live bands in November! 

In Pt. Loma on The Corner 
of Rosecrans & Sports Arena Boulevard 

225-9090 
Must be 21 Proper I.D. required 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 23, 1989 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER, Editor in Chief 
DA VID WYNER. Managing Editor 
ANTON BllTNER, News Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
DA VID BURKHART. Opinion Editor 

1lte Guardian " published IwK:c weekly It &he Univcni1yof"CaJifomia. San Dielo. ConlCnts 01989. 
VieWS (Xprt:IS(Id herein f'tprtsent the majority vote 0( the edilOrial board, and ITt: no< neoctssarily lhose: 

or the UC .Board of Reaaus.. the ASUCSO nor the entire GwuditJlt su/f. 

Affirmative Action 
Racism and Inequity 
A woman walked into the first day of an economics class this 

quarter, looked around, and said quietly, "I'm the only black 
person in here." , 

Despite some UCSD pamphlets, which show many photo-
graphs of a wide variety of races mixing on campus, the student's 
observation was a common one: this university doesn't have 
many black or Hispanic students. The reasons behind this are 
complex. But the basic knee-jerk response from many people 
would be to argue that UCSD needs more effective affirmative 
action programs. 

The real problem lies much deeper: affirmative action pro-
grams are often ineffective, and the concentration on such pro-
grams draws resources away from solutions which could do far 
more good. 

It's imponant to stop and point out a common fallacy which 
arises in discussions of race. A letter in this issue states that 
"When you talk about 'the poor' in the U.S., you are talking to a 
great extent about people of color." This contains a dangerous 
implication, which is widely being accepted as fact: that most 
people of color are poor, and that most of the poor are people of 
color. But the truth is that while minorities account for a 
disproponionate number of the disadvantaged, most minority 
members are not poor. 

The concentration on this imponant inequity has had an 
unfortunate side effect: it has solidified in the minds of many 
people - induding minority members - an incorrect image of 
people of color as poor and has resulted in a lack of positive 
minority role models. 

This mistaken image also points out a central flaw in affirma-
tive action: it discriminates not on the basis of economic status 
or background, but simply on the color of one's skin. This is been 
called " reverse racism," but that's really a misnomer; it isn't a 
case of racism turned inside out. It'sjust racism, pure aild simple. 
There is no other name for making decisions based on just 
people's skin color, with no regard for their background or 
economic status. It also attaches an unfair stigma to successful 
minority members : people tend to question whether they reached 
their position through merit , or just affirmative action. 

But , argue affirmative action 's eloquent defenders, whatever 
the flaws of the system, its primary aim is to make up for the 
injustices of the past. Of these past injustices there can be no 
question, and the inj ustices c ontinue. Rac ism has not disap-
peared f rom the United States, and it continues to be the nation's 
greatest shame. 

But is the best way of correcting past injustices really to create 
new ones? A poor student who is tumed away from a university 
just because his or her skin is white would probably answer that 
question quickly, arguing that it would be far more equitable to 
evaluate candidates on the basis of economic status. 

But even with these flaws and inequities, affirmative action 
could be justified - at least for a time - if it worked. Butthe simple 
fact is that affirmative action does not do what it sets out to do: 
help to lift disadvantaged minority members out of poveny. The 
stark truth is that many minority students from impoverished 
areas don't come close to qualifying for universities, and the 
sources of this problem lie much deeper than any affirmative 
action program can reach. 

They lie in the subtle racism of a teacher who fails to push a 
black or Hispanic student to excel, either because of low expec-
tations or a fear of being labeled racist. They I ie in the crumbling 
society of the ghettos, a frightening world of drugs and crime 
where the victims are disproportionately members of minorities. 
They lie in many subtle cultural problems. 

Affirmative action isn ' t a total failure; certainly some people 
of color have gotten opportunities they would not have otherwise 
had. But the concentration on affirmative action as the panacea 
draws resources away from other solutions, and it stops progress 
on finding new answers. 

When affirmative action is threatened or attacked , elf-styled 
minority leaders organize rallies and marches and fire off letters 
full of invective to opponents of the programs. But if even a 
fraction of this energy was reallocated to helping the poor of all 
races, and to helping minority members pull themselves out of 
poverty, affirmative action would begin to become unnecessary. 

And that 's the real dream of those concerned with racism . If 
Americ a - and UCSD - are to truly work toward the ideal of 
a color-blind society, programs which discriminate on the basis 
of skin color must be eliminated. 

Don't Leave Education to the Free Market 
Editor: 

We are writing in response to 
your editorial "Educational 
Choice" (Oct. 5). For those read-
ers who missed it. the Guardian 
editorial dealt with the current 
crisis engulfing our public schools. 
It took the position that "the solu-
tion to our present educational 
problems" is a free market com-
petition. 

Specifically, the editorial 
strongly argued that vouchers (and 
other measures which promote 
"freedom of choice" in the public 
schools) would greatly enhance 
the quality of our schools. 

Basically, a voucher system 
would mean that parents would be 
given a "check" equal to the value 
that the government spends on 
their children's education, and the 
parents would then decide where 
to spend it - at a public school, or 
at a private school of their choice. 
This idea may sound appealing at 
first, but it is our view that its 

Commentary 

effect would be to severely weaken 
an already strained public school 
system and immensely widen the 
already scandalous gap between 
the haves and the have nots in our 
society. 

The idea of educational vouch-
ers has been popular with many 
conseIV8tives for years. Ronald 
Reagan, for example, has been a 
leading advocate for the voucher 
system. Vouchers have also tradi-
tionally been championed by 
:;upponers of parochial schools. 

What these people have in 
common is that they have never 
been known to offer proposals 
which would strengthen our pub-
lic schools. Economist Milton 
Friedman, whom the Guardian 
cites to bolster its position, falls 
into this category. The quality of 
our public schools is not foremost 
on the minds of these people. Why? 

Think about it. To whom is 
quality public education most 
imponant? We would argue that 

the people who are most inter-
ested in improving our public 
schools are those who really have 
no choice but to send their chil-
dren there-people who are strug-
glingjustto feed, house and clothe 
their families. 

These people do not now send 
their children to private schools 
because they lack the means to do 
so. If the voucher system were 
implemented, it would mean a 
massive exodus of funding from 
the public schools - leading, of 
course, to their further decay. 

This would be the likely out-
come because parents who already 
send their children to private 
schools would no longer be re-
quired to help suppon the public 
school s with their taxes, and many 
parents whose children now at-
tend public schools would opt to 
send them instead to private 
schools if the government sud-
denly made it more affordable. 

See EDUCATION, page S 

Dealing With Authorities at UCSD 
By JOHN SHAW, Senior SI4/fWriJer 

I overheard a conversation recently about a run-in 
between a student and a parking officer. The student 
was putting coins in his parting meter when an 
officer pulled into the lot. Noticing that many meters 
in the lot had expired, the student quickly deposited 
money into all of them. The parting officer became 
very upset when he saw this and infonned the student 
that he had no right to put money in meters that 
weren't "his." 

The student argued with the officer and replied 
something like, "You're saying I'm not allowed to 
be nice?" The parking officer, in tum, replied, "If 
you want to be nice, go to church." The officer then 
proceeded to write tickets for all of the cars with 
meters the student had put coins into (despite the fact 
that the meters had not yet expired). 

This incident is indicative of the general attitude 
of hostility many officials and departments on this 
campus have toward students, and in some cases, 
toward faculty and fellow staff members. 

This was not an isolated incident. Last year's 
shameful conduct by several UC police officers 
during a Price Center boycott rally is another ex-
ample of University harassment and misuse of au-

BENSON 

thority. Several officers, as well as UCSD Police 
Chief John Anderson, were reponed to have physi-
cally and verbally abused several students for inter-
rupting the Price Center ribbon cutting ceremonies. 
(The Price Center, by the way, will cost students over 
$9 million; roughly half of its $20 million price tag). 

I accept the fact (sadly) that some degree of 
authority is necessary in a community where many 
people interact with each other. I also understand the 
necessity to defray the costs of parting to those who 
use it. What I don't understand, or accept, is the need 
to employ individuals who blatantly misuse their 
authority. I speak not only of parking officers or 
police, but also of campus administrators who are 
inflexible, uncooperative, or insensitive to the needs 
and feelings of students, faculty and other staff. 

There is a good argument thatthe problem lies not 
in insensitive individuals, but in an insensitive sys-
tem of management/government that encourages au-
thoritarian behavior. The Parking Office is a case in 
point. Parking officers at UCSD are assigned to 
patrol specific areas on campus. Frequently, the 
officers are required to rotate patrol areas. The aim 
of this requirement s<!ems to be to prevent parting of-

See AUTHORITY, page 6 

Monday, October 23, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

GuAimIAN Cl -Up 
Sexist Language and Dinosaurs 
By PATTY JETTIE,Hiatus Editor 

It i a Hiatus tradition, when forced to 
write on something non-ansy, to discuss 
the merits of sexist language. Who am I to 
break with tradition? 

Ah, the joys of universal gender. It 
prevents so many headaches, such as won-
dering whether the individual in question is 
male or female. This facet is unusually 
helpful when referring to people with names 
such as "Terry" or "Chris." 

In order to fight sexist language, we 
must first define what it constitutes. To be 
completely thorough, people should be 
forced to remove any and all hints of the 
word "man" from the context of both the 
written and spoken word. I have little doubt 
that newspapers on both large and small 
scales have continually argued over the use 
of such phrases a "first baseman." 

Trying to bridge the gap between the 
sexes is a commendable idea. But the ex-
tent of this sexist debate is getting ridicu-
lous. If a person wishes to be referred to by 
a specific title (such asa female "first-base-
man"), then that person has the right to that 

reference, be it sexist in the eyes of some 
people. 

~o what 'is the solution? To begin, I 
sUfogest that we find every Webster's dic-
tionary and scribble out the word "human." 
After all, it does include that vile sexist 
phrase-gasp!- "man." Far be it that we 
accept the idea that the word "man" could 
stand for both males and females. Instead, 
let us become "hu-people." I don't know, I 
think it has a nice ring to it. 

Let us not stop there. How about "wo-
person''? What about "person-kind?" I 
know, let's just neuter the entire English 
language. Instead of he or she, let ' s just call 
everyone "it." 

Can't you just see the evening news? "'I 
don't know what happened,' it explained as 
it was pulling its head out of the sand. 'It 
just came up and hit me with it. It was so 
big, ' it exclaimed." What is "it," an object 
or a person? 

But even the word "person" needs to be 
revised. It contains the word "son," which 
tends to slant towards the masculine gen-
der. So if we pull "man" out of "woman" 

and ubstitute " it" for the "son" in "per-
son," we are left with "wo-per-it." What a 
catChy phrase. 

I am not a dinosaur who bucks the tread 
of progress. Unlike some people, I preferto 
use a computer for writing rather than the 
archaic typewriter. 

The people who do, these leftovers from 
The Land That Time Forgot, are so blinded 
by their idealistic convictions that instead 
of adapting sexist language in a practical 
manner, they insist on slamming their heads 
against the wall of principle. 

We can start a new species-the hu-
people. Anthropologists will be ecstatic as 
they track down this new breed. Besides the 
characteristically small heads perched atop 
large reptilian bodies, hu-people prefer to 
be referred to as either "he-she's" or "she-
he's," depending on their mood. 

Perpetually confused, these unisex crea-
tures will diligently attempt to neuter the 
written word with their little red pens. The 
only problem will be when they try to 
correct errors on a typewriter. [t ' s difficult 
to type and hold correction tape simultane-
ously when you only have three fingers. 

"The UCSD Guardian Close-up" appears 
each Monday, and is written by a different 
staff member each week. 

"Come grab a Mac and a mouse. " 

Itls Happy Hour. 
•• 

... 

lIC'S Place! 
Located in the Price Center - 2nd Level - Phone: 534-0860 

Monday-Friday 
COMPUTER TIME SPECIAL 
Student: 3 dollars per hour 
Others: 5 dollars per hour 
Not valid in conjunction with any other offer. 

5-10pm 
Offer ends 11/15/89 

OPINION 5 

Education 
Continued from page 4 
Basically, the voucher system would re-
ward the rich and penalize the poor. But this 
is not just a matter of "rich vs. poor." 

We do not live in a "color blind" society. 
Generally speaking, white people are much 
better off today than people of color in 
terms of income, wealth, employment, edu-
cation, life expectancy, infant mortality, 
etc. This is not a recent phenomenon, but 
one reflective of U.S. history. 

When you talk about "the poor" in the 
U.S., you are talking to a great extent about 
people of color. The voucher system would 
gut the public schools, which would mean 
gutting the education of people of color and 
poor whites. 

We cannot leave the education of our 
children to the free market. Quality educa-
tion is a right. It is a public matter, a govern-
mental responsibility. We should be dis-
cussing creative new methods of improv-
ing our schools, and of how we can em-
power our children with critical thinking 
skills. Undoubtedly, part of the solution 
will be to greatly increase funding, espe-
cially at the federal level. 
Darin Malloy Jim Edwards 

lIona McGrift' Joe Floren 
Annette Mosley Laura Murray 

Than necessary for 
your insurance? 

A short call could 
save you hundreds, 

.....237 

ROUNDTRIP FROM THE WEST COAST 
PHOENIX $38 
LAS VEGAS $ 39 
SAN FRANCISCO $ 68 
ALBUQUERQUE $ 76 
CHICAGO $193 
MIAMI $198 
NEW YORK $198 
BOSTON $198 
__ oppIy, ","". 1, Iimitcd-8OOlC £i'IIO'I 

AlII .... Circle ,KIfIc .. 
. Aroulld 1M World .... 

WHY GO 0" CAI ... S??I 

c.nciI Tr,VII 
UCSD PRICE CENTER 

ABOVE THE INfORMATION OfrICE 

4 



6 OPINION 

- Paid Advertisement-

HELP!!!HELP!!! 
The ASUCSD is sponsoring a week 
long fundraising campaign for the 
earthquake victims in San Francisco. 
Mondaythru Friday, 11:00-2:00 pm 
there will be table at the Price Cen-
ter and at Revelle Plaza where you 
can donate to the Relief Fund. On 
Sunday - Oct. 28th, 8:00 pm to 
Midnight there will be a fundraising 
Halloween Dance. Admission is 
$3.00 and all proceeds will go to the 
Relief Fund. TIckets are available at 
the Price Center Box Office and at 
Revelle Plaza starting Today! 
Monday, Oct. 23rd! 

Dive-In Movie 
at The Plunge 

Umited to 250 people 

~ Saturday, Oct. 28 r.t 
7:45 p.m. 

enjoy a movie while floating on an innertube 

Advance Tickets On Sale Now 

The Plunge 
Belmont Park· Mission Beach 

488-3110 

Your on-campus Video Store 

V.A. Video 
• Free Registration 
• Reservations Accepted 
• New Releases 

r-----------------I ONLY $2.50 A DAY I 
L ____ ~~~~!~~~~ ____ ~ 

Pay for 5 and get ONE FREE 
(each rental $2.08) 

Pay for 10 and get 3 FREE 
(each rental $1 .92) 

Open Mon.-Fri. 
8 a.m.-8 p.m. 
After 6:30 use main entrance 

453-7500 
ext. 3797 

The UCSD Guardian 

Authority 
Continued from page 4 
ficers from developing any rela-
tionships with the people they are 
paid to fine. The Parking Office 
seems to reason, quite logically, 
that officers would generate far 
less revenue for the University, if 
the officers were allowed to de-
velop feelings of compassion 
toward student and staff parlcers. 

The officials of the University 
of California, much like the offi-
cials of the larger government the 
University is pan of, seem to have 
some son of blind devotion to the 
myriad of rules and regulations 
they have created. When con-
fronted with an inconsistency or 
criticism of their rules, many ad-
ministrators, police and parlting 
officials become quite hostile. 

Some might argue that hostil-
ity is a natural human response 
when basically decent people are 
required to adhere to arbitrary and 
excessively restrictive rules and 

regulations. If this is why many 
U ni versity officials are freq uentl y 
hostile and uncompassionate, we 
(and I mean students and staff 
both) need to ask ourselves if we 
are satisfied with this mode of 
government and ifthereexist more 
humane and civil alternatives. 

With this in mind, I call upon 
Associated Students President 
John Ramirez to develop student 
solidarity (within the Council and 
the general student body) and to 
organize petitions and boycotts to 
demonstrate to the administration 
(and to the metropolitan press) 
our intolerance to manipulation 
and harassment in parting lots, at 
rallies, in classrooms and else-
where in the University commu-
nity. 

I call upon Parking Manager 
Bob Umstead to understand that 
the Parking Office and its em-
ployees are here to help parking 
run more smoothly, not to intimi-
date or exton those who park on 
campus. 

Monday, October 23,1989 

I also call upon Chancellor 
Richard Atkinson and the Regents 
of the University of California to 
re-examine their role in the "busi-
ness"ofeducation. I implore them 
to realize that we do not need to 
be, nor should we be, at each oth-
ers' throats. Presumably, we are 
here for the same purpose - to 
learn about how the world works 
and to do what we can to make it 
work better. 

One last note to students: don't 
deny your humanity as you are 
being taught to. 'There is strength 
in numbers - physical, political 
and economic. 

John Shaw is a fonner editor in 
chief of the Guardian. 

LETTERS 
nw-._ -. .... -. ,""",'" 
.... Drop rour _ '" ... a.- - (11 ... <*I 
_c..r._ ... A.s._ ...... bt)or .... t .. 
O!>"on F*I'. ~UCSD 8-016. La -. CA __ 
lIIIIrI_bo1Jplll .............. __ • 
...... ..,.--_. Wt ........ ~ ..... 
-. 1Ir1ongfl'" CIny. 

Democratic Dilemma: Winning in Washington 
My breakfast companion was a statewide offICial 

from a major industrial state. The conversation was 
the current condition of the Democratic Party. 'The 
conclusion of the conversation was familiar. 

Why, he asked, could Democrats,liberal Dem0-
crats at that, win statehouses and Senate seats in the 
same states where their presidential candidates went 
down to humiliating defeat in election after election? 
Kent Conrad in North Dakota, Tom Daschle in South 
Dakota, Bob Kerrey in Ne-

the other way around. 
I happen to think there's a lot to this idea. I also 

happen to think it will take an enonnous amount of 
effon and courage to accomplish this geological 
shift, and not simply because the national Dem0-
cratic Party has given itself so much weight at the 
national nominating convention. 

For instance, as I've argued here before, there is 
a huge target of opponunity for Democrats in the 

manifest incompetencies of 
braska are senators from states 
that have not given a Demo-
cratic presidential candidate 
one single electoral vote since 
1964. 

Jeff Greenfield Republican presidents. 'They range from the savings and 
loan collapse to the HUD 
scandal to the near-criminal 

Universal Press Syndicate 

Democrats John Glenn, 
Howard Metzenbaum and Richard Celeste are the 
senators and governor from Ohio, which has gone 
Democratic once - barely - since 1964. 

Across the South, which in presidential years 
almost invariably puts the Republican nominee half-
way through the Electoral College, Democrats such 
as AI Gore, Terry Sanford, Richard Shelby and Bob 
Graham all win Senate seats. 

Some are conservative, some moderate, some 
liberal, but they wear the Democratic label and win. 
How? 

The key, my companion suggested, was not so 
much their ideology but their independence from 
Washington. To the voters, they are all seen as 
politicians who speak the language of the folks at 
home and understand what those people want. 

It's no accident, this politician said, that the only 
non-incumbent Democrat to win the White House 
since 1960 was Jimmy Carter, who explicitly rdJI 
against Washington. Even he needed the shadow of 
the Watergate scandal to squeak by the unelected 
Gerald Ford. 

What has to happen, he suggested, was that the 
endless intra-party argument about moving to the 
right or to the left had to be seen as sterile. What the 
Democrats had to do, he argued, was to move the 
intellectual and emotional center of the party outside 
of Washington, and to nominate a candidate who 
spoke to the nation's capital from the people, and not 

neglect of our nuclear weap-
ons plants. 

To make this case, however, also requires that a 
Democratic candidate point some fingers directly at 
his own party. 

Such a candidate would have to assail the cease-
less 'interference by powerful Democratic congres-
sional figures into the work of savings and loan 
regulators, at the same time these same Democrats 
were getting huge campaign contributions from the 
S&L industry. He would have to condemn Congress' 
own manipulation of HUD regulations in order to 
pull strings for the generous folks back home who 
kept the campaign coffers fujI. 

In fact, he would have to say something very 
intelligible and very strong about the current state of 
campaign financing that pennits those with funds to 
rent a congressman's attention, while enabling those 
in power to stay in power with a re-election rate that 
the Politburo would envy. 

This is no quick process. It requires nothing less 
than the changing of the party 's fundamental out-
look, much in the way Ronald Reagan and his allies 
dragged the Republican Party, kicking and scream-
ing, into an optimistic, growth-end, opponunity 
framework . 

Clearly, as my breakfast companion argued, there 
are Democrats at the statewide level who offer hope 
that the party can find its feet again nationally. But, 
as Francis Bacon said, " Hope is a good breakfast, but 
it is a bad supper ... 

SETH SLATER, Edilor In Chief Senior SlalfWrlters: Brian tIOW. John Shaw 

DA VID WYNER, MallOging EdilOr 
ANTON BITTNER, Ne"'s Edilor 
CATHERINE DILLE, Ne",s Edilor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion EdilOr 
DANA CHAIKEN, Associolt Sporls Editor 
JAMES COLLIER. Ftalurts Edilor 
BRYAN DlAS, Music Edilor 
RANDY DOTING A, Copy Edilor 
PHIL GRUEN, SportS Edilor 
PArrY JETlTE, IIrlS Edilor 
GAIL JOHN ON, ilssociale PholO Edl/or 
NANCY MUNTNER, Associale Hialus Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Grophics £Oilor 
JASON SNELL, ilSSOCWle N~s Edilor 
RIMAS U7.GIRIS, Plwlo £iIilor 
BOB DeANDREA, Busi/ltSS Mmlllgtr 
MICHAEL FOULKS, IIdvmiring Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Desiglltr 
Eo LEIGH HENRY, Classiji~ MQ/lQger 

Stair ",rilerl: Cynlhia c.npbo:lI, o.ri .. l .. Hui ... r. Mory Beny Heard, Julie 
l-leimler. Adam Levy. James Mulliner. Mordecai POWh. David PoIicbo, 
Audn:y Lyn Winle",r, Sobrina Youmans 
PhoI .. ....,eoen: Michael Amiel. Greg Benes. James Collier. lenni KoW:l . 
Cory Lidschin, Fronk Lum, Brion MorTi., Felix Zunip 
lit ............ : Milo Cooper. Rick Ford, Tony Fucnres. Carin Lew. Bill Mallory. 
Mel Marcelo. Tyrome Tripoli 
Typist", Larry Bachanch, Meli ... Fa",l, Leng Loll, Jim Mulliner. Kari 
Bickell , 
Copylladers: G"" HulfSlutler, Julie Puwn, Diane Rigdon. le •• ie Springer 
PrGcIudioa: Sue Chen, Melinda lfomillon. Chris. Kovacs. Robin MacLean 

TltelJCSD G_diJoo is published Moodoys MIl 111 ..... ,. _ .. .". acadc:mic yeo. 
by and (orlhe scudenuolUCSD. ~of(hi'ncwsplpCl' in any fmm. whc:lhcrln 
.. hok or In pan .... ilhoot pcrmiNion is wierl)' pdlibiacd. 01919. aU npll restr'Vtd. 

rite C..,..". IS not respoMibic fOf' the ~ 01 UMOIJCIIfld ft'IIftUlCripIs or an. The: 
VtCWSCIliprc:sa:d '" araptuaand ",Md ktlmor~donot nocc .... lyrtP"~ 
IeM she opinion5 ofT'" O.,JMM, Iht Un'venit'lol ClII(omia or lhe: A )()C~ SludcnU 
of UCSO. VIeW5 cllifJRUCld in UMt&ncd edttorMl~ rcprncnl a n.JOIrny ~""'" of TIte 
Cwv __ edilOrial tx.d WMi",nl oflhe Clha in ~hlCr. maNlml cdiMr • ..eM CiIdeIon 
and Optluo. ccbtor. 

GTheUCSD DAB DIAN 

Monday, October 23, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

I f you want to make a case for San Diego's biggest selection of discounted books, drive over to BOOKSTAR. 
BOOKSTAR in the new Costa Verde Shopping Center is 

unlike any bookstore you've seen before. With over 120,000 
books and 2,000 magaZines under one roof, you'll find what 
you're looking for in an environment just right for browsing. 
Our knowledgeable staff can tell you at a computer keystroke 
whether we normally stock the book you want, and even if 
we don't we'll order it for you from our wholesale stock of 

__ .... ---~":'-:::-=-;;;;;1 over 100,000 titles-at a ~IN "~"l cliscounb YOU'II'I~lol~ur se!e?ion, ,...,..-~1iIIV.... ut you ave our pnces,too. l-~.~"'=-: .=.:.:.~~------ BeCdUse we discount every 

THEIR CASE. 

single item in the store to every customer, every day. The New 
York Times Bestseller List is ALWAYS 1/3 off at BOOKSTAR. 

Californians are discovering a brave, new world of books, 
magazines, newspapers, audio cassettes, maps, and calendars, 
so take your family on a reading adventure and see why no 
ordinary bookstore can stack up to BOOKSTAR. Case closed. 
10015111. The Write Stuff 
at the Right Price. 

Costa Verde Shopping Center 
8650 Genesee Ave & La Jolla 
Village Dr. (Across from UTC) 
457-7561 ..... ---~,.NCl~ 

OUICASE. 

7 



8 The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 23, 1989 

AS UCSD BULLETIN 
A,S, CAMPUS FORUM! All students welcome!!! 
Issues to be addressed are : *Nighttime Parking 
*StudentFee Veto *RIMAC!!! THURSDAY, OCT, 
26th, 5:30-7:00 pm in Conference Room #8, 
Price Center 3rd Floor! 

- Paid Advertisement- When you are the University of California Student Re-
gent, you are no ordinary shooting star. You help make 
policy decisions on issues which affect students, fac · 
ulty, and staff on all nine campuses. You can pick up ap· 
plications at the following locations: 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

DON'T MISS: ABBEWOLFSHEIMER 

On Thursday, Oct. 26th at 12:00 noon in Revelle 
Plaza. They will be addressing student issues!! 

Are You a Writer? 
The new A.S. Quarterly Newsletter is looking for HELP! We 
need energetic students interested in writing and/or the 
actual production. Contact Larry Becker in the A.S. Office 
at 534-4450 before Friday, Oct. 27th!!! 

Many Internship Opportunities on the East Coast 
through ASIO! 

Aside from Internship opportunities In the Political Science/Governmental Fields, 
ASIO also offers National Internships In Qther fields such as: Engineering, Theater -
Including Production & Management Casting, Economics, Environmental, Science, 
Comml.iflication, History - including Art, History, and Joumalism. Early deadlines for 
Summer internships with Tne Washington Post, In Washington D.C., and Dow Jones, 
L'1 New Jersey, is Friday, October 27th. Contact the A.S. lntemship Office, 3rd Hoor 
In the Price Center #3.343, or call 5344689! 

RISK MANAGEMENT SEMINAR! October 24th, Tues-
day at 7 :00 pm in Price Center Ballroom "8". Come and learn 
how to more effectively manage risk within your organization. 
Sponsored by University Events & Student Activities. 

HOT, SEXY & SAFER starring Suzi Landol-
phi. A Provocative, zany celebration of safer 
sex. Monday, Oct. 23rd at 8:00 pm in the Price 
Center Ballroom! Don't Miss It - it's FREE! 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 
ATTENTION STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS: WINTER QUARTER 
BUDGET REQUESTS ARE DUE BY 4:00 PMON FRIDAY, NOVEM-
BER 10THI GET YOUR BUDGET REQUEST FORMS FROM THE 
STUDENT ORG. OFFICE IN THE PRICE CENTER, 3RD FLOORI 
SCornSH COUNTRY DANCING: Combines the best of the old and the new, by 
offering traditional dances ranging from lively jigs to elegant strathspeys with the 
opportunity to make new friends. With no previous dance experience, entrance fee, 
equipment or ScoHish heritage required, what curious person could refuse? Come 
join the Royal Country ScoHish Dance Club on Wednesday evenings from 7-8:30 
in the west balcony of the main gym. For more info, call Tina at 452-2735. 
ABBDABBS: journal of student fiction, poetry, art, and bIw photography (but 
especially fiction) demands your submission(s) by Friday, 6th Week, at TCHB 110. 
??? call Adam Burke 483-4105 or Joseph DeVico 460-3424. 
~ the Radically Inctined Ski Club of UCSD, is going to Utah for Thanksgiving 
with UCSB and UCI, Noven1>er 22-27. $245.00 includes a 4 day multi-pass lift 
ticket, 3 nights at the Hilton, 2 dances, transportation, picnic on the mountain, 
snowboard contest and 4 days of UTAH POWDER!!! TIckets are on sale nowalthe 
Price Center Bo~ Office, hurry they're selting fast! 
WATERSKI CLUB: SDSU Halloween Tournament 10J17 thru 10/29 on Fiesta 
Island. Party Saturday 10/28 after tournament. Details at meeting on Wednesday 
10/25 in HSS 2321 at 6:00 pm. 
SENIORS! have your senior portraits taken. October 30 - November 9 at the Price 
Center in the Irvine Room. Call Yearbook Office today for an appointments. All those 
interested in working on the ye2rbook or wish to purchase a yearbook ($25.00) 
contact the office, 534-7491 . 
COSTA RICA: An Educational Experience; A slide show by Carlos, DaviS and 
Sabrina; Tuesday - Oct. 24th at 7:30 pm in Santa Cruz Room (5) in UCSD Price 
Center. 
FREE!!! French fries, candy, movie rental! You'll find it all in the Easter Seals 
Halloween Coupon Booklets. MerTt>ers of Kappa Kappa Gamma will be selling the 
booklets during hte month of October, and be sure to look for our booth in the Price 
Center, Oct. 23rd - Oct. 29th! 
SAN DIEGO SUN RUN!!! Crealed and Supported by Phi Delta Theta. 'Marathon 
Relay·10K Run '3 Mile Walk, on campus, Saturday - Ocl. 28th. Pick up entry form 
at Canyonview or Price Center 3rd Floor, Room #3.325. Deadline for applications 
is ASAP! !! 

ASUCSD OFFICE, 3rd Floor, Price Cenler 
EDNA Desk, Price Center 

College Dean's Office 
Office or Graduate Sludies" Research 

Graduale Sludenl Association Office, 3rd Floor, 
Price Center 

School of Medicine Sludent AlTairs Office 
Chancellor'S Office 

APPLICATIONS ARE DUE AT 5:00 PM, ON 
FRIDAYNOVEMBER3,1989in the CHAN-
CELLOR'S OFFICE. If you have any ques-
tions call the A.S. Office 534-4450! 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
.TO FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS· 

CAll THE A,S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-84331 : • • 
............................ ~ .............. . 

INTERESTED IN PROGRAMMING??? 
Come to the PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE MEETING, TUESDAY, 
OCT, 24th, AT 4:30 pm In CONFERENCE ROOM #8, PRICE CEN-
TER THIRD FLOOR!!! 

INTERESTED IN WORKING THE TGIF CREWI 
TGIF MEETING, TUESDAY, OCT. 24TH AT 5:00 PM IN CON-
FERENCE ROOM #8, PRICE CENTER THIRD FLOORIII 

1',S 1 .. 1~(;rl'IJI'I~ SI~I'II~S 
MONDAY. NOV, 6TH AT 7;00 PM with STEVE KELLY, 
POlTICAl CARTOONIST from the San Diego Union, 
in the Price Center Theatre!!! 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

:SPECIAl FilM SHOWING in honor of SAFE SEX : 
·WEEK: "THE ACCUSED", Tuesday - Oct. 24th at 8:00 • 
:pm in the Price Center Theatre! : 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

'1'. C •• I .14'. 
1~llll)l'Y-C)C~'I'. 27'1'11 

Lt:(")I'11 
C_YII S'I'I~I'S 

Monday, October 23, 1989 

A.S. And Students Plan 
Relief For Quake Victims 
By MARY BErry HEARD 
StaffWriler 

]n the wake of last Tuesday 's 
devastating Bay Area earthquake, 
A.S. President John Ramirez has 
organized a week-long fund-rais-
ing drive to aid earthquake victims 
which will begin today. 

"I was in my office and got a 
couple of calls from students ask-
ing how they could help ... . [The 
idea) popped into my head that the 
A.S. should work on helping the 
earthquake victims," Ramirez 
explained. 

Ramirez began working on the 
fund raiser with the hope of getting 
a one dollar donation from every 
student. 

"Our goal is to stir students up. 
If every student donates around a 
dollar, we'll have approximately 
$15,000 to send to the earthquake 
victims. That's a big impact," he 
said. 

According to Ramirez, the 
campaign will end with a dance on 
Sunday, Oct. 29. The donation 
money will then be sent to the San 
Diego Red Cross, which will send 
it to the earthquake victims. 

Throughout campus, students 
have been affected by the earth-
quake. The Warren College 
Moment of Silent Hope, an event 
held on behalf of the earthquake 

victimsinSan Francisco and China. 
was one mefting place for students 
with friends and relatives in the 
Bay Area. 

Although few people attended 
the Oct. 20 meeting, the feeling in 
the room during those few silent 
moments was one of strong hope, 
yet tinged with sorrow. 

The reason students are so af-
fected by the earthquake is that 
they "feel no control over earth-
quakes. They wonder, ' Why me?' 
• How?' With hurricanes [and other 
natural disasters) they can under-
stand how they work- they feel 
less helpless," according to War-
ren College Resident Dean Kevin 
Wood, who attended the Moment 
of Silent Hope. 

" It 's really, really hard on me," 
said Jeanine Hochman, a UCSD 
student, when asked how the earth-
quake affected her. Her mother's 
store in Los Gatos was greatly 
damaged by the ea·rthquake. 
"Everyone is physically okay," 
Hochman said , but she added that 
she was "worried about the mental 
state of my family." 

She went on to say that no one 
in her family can get near the store 
because it was condemned by the 
city, leaving about $l30,OOOworth 
of merchandise in the store's base-
ment unreachable. 

"I was going to go home next 

The UCSD Guardian 

weekend anyway - I'm glad, 
because I need to see what hap-
pened, "l lochman said. "Mom has 
run the store since I was in the sixth 
grade. ] can picture it then, and J 
can picture it now." 

Hochman js helping her mother 
by saving articles about the earth-
quake, which will be used to docu-
ment the extent of damage to the 
store. 

Curtis Taylor, another UCSD 
student affected by Tuesday's 
earthquake, said that when he heard 
the first news report of the quake. 
he began worrying about his friends 
in the Bay Area. "My first cause of 
concern was how bad UC Berkeley 
was hit and ifmy friend was okay. 
Luckily, Renee was fine; she was 
up on the sixth floor of one of the 
donns. The donn wasn ' t damaged, 
but it rolled and rocked." 

Another friend of Taylor' s was 
not so lucky. Her San Jose-area 
home, which sits on a bluff over-
looking San Francisco Bay, re-
ceived extensive damage. 

"They're sleeping in theircars," 
he said. "And they're having quite 
a problem with looters." 

Taylor also noted that, when 
people speak of the earthquake, 
"the focus is on San Francisco ... 
but the [structural] damage is worse 
near the epicenter. around Santa 
Cruz." 

The A.So's fund-raising drive 
will have donation tables in the 
Revelle and Price Center Plazas, 
and tickets for the charity dance 
will be available starting today at 
Revelle Plaza and the Box Office. 

YOU'RE t7®QOD[Il[] 
8[][]D~@ SEEING 

DOUBLE 0®QO[D[1[3 
~ 0[]&Cb8 DEALS ~ 

NEWS 9 

VOTING: Grad Students 
Decide On Health Insurance 
Continued from page 1 

referendums on most of the af-
fected campuses. 

GSA resurrected a plan for the 
UCSDcampus that was interrupted 
when systemwide negotiations 
began. 

According to Giebin1c. the pres-
sure from the OP and the GSA 
prompted the rapid call for a refer-
endum for the new plan. 

He expressed concern about the 
speed with which the plan is to be 
implemented should the referen-
dum pass. 

"If we had more time, we could 

work out the details , working and 
reworking it until we have the 
product we want," Giebink said. 

He added that, because nego-
tiaitons were started in January. 
the referendum could be held now. 

"I think what we have is good, 
but because of the lime press, I'm 
not as sure," Giebink said. 

Infonnation on the ballots for 
the referendum is available from 
the Graduate Student Association. 
After voting. students can hand 
carry or mail the ballots, which are 
pre-addressed and stamped. the 
Office of Graduate Studies and 
Research. 

Monday Nights 
AT 

a,.,oer charge from 4-8 

I 
• 

/ Now during Domino's Pizza Double Deal Days, get two ' .I-
custom made pizzas for only very hot price. Delivered to 
your door in 30 minutes or less ... guaranteed. During 
Double Deal Days, the savings are twice as nice. So, call 

~'" TAILGATE IIIMI 48 
Guest UCharger" bartenders 

now, we'll be there on the double. t/Jt: 
CAL US' Hours: t L. 11 am - 1 am - Sun-Thurs .~ ...... .-:.'" ·1' 
452.UCSD ;~~:u~:~~~U~:;i:'t . ~ 

Employment opportUnitIeS aV81lable. 
3211 Holiday Court Earn up to $10 an hour (total cornp). 

I I FOR JUST 
I 
I 

Two 12" medium Domino's Originat Pizzas with cheese for 
only $8.88. Toppings just $.93 each per pizza. 

: ~~!~n~~~~. ..,; 
I Tax not Included. ~.... i 

Expires 12131/89 , ~ Not valid with any other offer. l~::'"' • Good at partlc,patlng Domlno's P,ua locations. ~-....I' --------------~ ~ '~ Lj:~ ' t, Limi ted deliver area Our drivers carry less than $20 00 dolla rs. ~ • 
~p . 1989 Dommo's Pizza Inc 

Large Screen Viewing. $1.00 Drafts 
PTOceeds ro benefit mriow charities 

COUIGE NITE! 
(N'~J$1 00 

Drat. 
HouseWlne •• 

House Cocktails 
"'Icollege J.D. 

Progressive dance 
OJ &. dancing begin at 9 pm 

Validated parking 

Every Monday at TOfTty's 
A SAN DIEGO NIGHTClUB 

LOCATED IN THE LA JOLLA MARRIOTI 
4240 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE 

LA JOLLA CA 9203 7 
(619) 587-1414 EXT. 6220 



10 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 23, 1989 

Features 

UCSD, Despite Danger Spots, Called a Relatively Safe Campus 
• Story by Traci Powell, Contributing Writer are now being patrolled, so Someone is out there with you," Nenez said . 

F or those on campus at night going to and from the library, who have evening classes, or for whatever reason are walking around, there are a few areas 
which may be dark and unsafe, but the good news is that overall UCSD is a 

prelly safe campus, according to some campus officials. 

According to crime prevention officer Al Jenkins, assaulls have been virtually 
nonexistent on campus. In the past four years, there have been only three rapes on 
campus. He said most of the crime on campus involves theft. 

"There is always room for improvement, but UCSD is a safe and well-lit 
campus," Jenkins said. He recommends that people walk with someone at night, 
whether they are on or off campus, as a precaution 

The Women's Resource Center (WRC) volunteer staff provides peer 
counseling and a place to discuss campus safety. If a rape or assault occurs, 
staffers post alerts around campus. The WRC also worKs closely with the Student 
Safety Awareness Program (SSAP) as a referral service. 

The WRC informs SSAP when 
they feel an area needs lighting or 

Nancy Wahlig, of SSAP, said she is concerned abut two UCSD areas: Black's 
Beach and the cliff areas. She said many students use these areas to relax or think, 
but at night the danger of falling increases. 

better escort service is needed.Sonia 
Nenez, a student volunteer at WRC, 
said a main area she is concerned 
about is the area behind Third 
College near the computer lab and 
Central Library. It came to her 
attention when she had an evening 
class and a phone wasn't nearby for 
her to call a Community Service 
Officer (CSO). She said she is also 
concerned about the Muir parKing 
lots. 

"r think certain areas around 
Third College are improving 
because of more traffic. There are 
more people around. Also the 
emergency phones can be used for 
calling CSOs. The Muir parking 
lots are well-lighted but eerie. They 

Women's Resource Center Provides 
Information on Safety, Counseling 

• Story by Dao Le 
Contributing Writer 

Though some have considered the Women's Resource Center as to be a "den 
of men-hating-Iesbians," it is an image the center feels is undeserving. One 
will most likely be greeted by women only, but these women say they are 
concerned with making UCS D a better environment for both women and men. 

According to brochures, the Women's Resource Center is a service 
organization that provides peer counseling, infonnation pertinent to women's 
issue, as well as, "a safe, welcoming environmen t, in which to meet other 
women, relax, discuss other issues .. . or just eat your lunch." 

The Center is a collective group of volunteers who say they are dedicated to 
giving women a place of their own and educating UCSD' s staff and students on the 

See CENTER, page 15 

Wahlig said as the campus 
grows, new areas may not yet be 
well-lit. She also said that students 
are always making new pathways 
in areas which are convenient to 
walk through during the day , but 
often darK at night. Wahli g said 
SSAP tries to constantly be aware 
of areas of concern. 

Wahlig ha s some tips for 
s tudents : "Be aware of what 
resources are available. If you feel 
uncomfortable about a place, trust 
your instincts and take necessary 
precautions and use CSOs". 

The Graduates Students 
Association (GSA) has teamed up 
with the WRC to create a task force 
to investigate areas on campus 
which they feel can be improved. 

Monday, October 23, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

Students Make Big-Time Stock Decisions 
By THERESA N. DUQUE 
Contriburing Wrirer 

You don ' t need a power suit 
and an M.B.A. to invest big in 
Wall Street. In fact , a ll you need is 
a basic knowledge of the stock 
market and the desire to win 
$25,000. 

From Nov. I toFeb.28, AT&T 
will sponsor the second annual 
nationwide Collegiate Investment 
Challenge, a Wall Street Games, 
Inc . game whi ch gives a ll 
participants the opportunity to take 
the same calculated risks that 
professional stockbrokers 
experience from day to day. 

Stuart Sprung, UCSD junior 
and on-campus sponsor for 
AT&T's Challenge, competed last 
year during the first Annual 
Collegiate Investment Challenge 
against 11 ,250 collegiate players, 
all vying for the top prize of 
$25,000. The competition, 
according to Sprung, is very much 
what its name claims to be - a 
challenge. 

For a while, Sprung was "ninth 
in Califomia and second [out of 
the nine UCSD collegiate 
participants)." Evidently, Sprung 
was doing rather well, but the 
unpredictable stock marKet and his 
unwillingness to buy brought him 
down. 

"I had a really good prospect. . .1 
foHowed it closely, but I didn't buy 
anything in it. It wasn't moving 
fast enough for me, but it had tripled 
by the time the contest was over." 

Gall Jom-ntGUItdian 

Stuart Sprung said the AT& T Challenge gives students a 
chance to explore the world of stock trading. 

Though Sprung didn't make the 
Top 10, he still values the AT&T 
Challenge for its realistic initiation 
into the intriguing world of wild 
trades and big deals. 

"You use the real stock marKet 
with the New York, Over-thc-
Counter and American Stock 
Exchange. It 's a [similar] system 
[to the stock market's]; you c.all 
the 'brokers' [at Wall Street Games, 
Inc.] and they give you the shares 
of the day ' s going-rate of any 
stock," said Sprung. 

"[The Challenge) is good for 
economic students because it gives 
people a chance to explore this 
world [of trading stocks) . If you've 
ever watched Wall Street and 
thought, That's kind of interesting', 
[The Challenge) is what it is." 

A computerized stock quotation 
netWorK that receives current prices 
via satellite enables participants to 
trade actual shares of stock. During 
the stock marKet trade hours from 
9:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., collegiate 
challengers are free to call their 
"brokers" at Wall Street Games, 
Inc. through a toll-free service 

VALETS 
CASHIERS 

number. 
Imagine buying and selling real 

propeny with Monopoly money 
and you have the basic idea of the 
Challenge. The Challenge 
investors, unlike professional 
traders, do not use real money; 
instead, Wall Street Games, Inc. 
gives each contestant a $500,000 
fictional brokerage account to trade 
real stock. 

Along with an "account," each 
participant receives, before Nov. 
I, a package consisting of a 
Standard & Poor's Stock Guide 
with infonnation on approximately 
5,000 publicly traded stocks, an 
entry card that provides a personal 
account number and access to the 
"account", a pass word fpr account 
security, a toll-free 800 number 
directly linked to the AT&T 
Trading Desk ; a Transaction 
Ledger to record all trades and 
profits; and an Official Rules & 
Instructions book. 

During the four-month 
competition, panicipants try to 
compile the most profitable stock 
portfolio. A portfolio consists of 
the several stocks a contestant 
chooses from the Standard & 
Poor's Stock Guide; the value of 

N::e Parking Inc .. San Diego's largest parking management firm is looking 
for professional and dependable indiViduals who would like to iOIn our 
fast moving team. 
tmmediate positions are available in I..J lolla. The Golden Tridngle. and 
many other cent rat locations in San Diego. 
We offer FLEX hours. part·time, full ·time shllt~ and benefits. 
tntervlew.; will be conducted In La Jolla / University City by appointment. 

or you may apply in pe"on at our down· 
town locdtlon. 
Snng your \al id CA dn rs lI~en;e. D.M,V. 
printout and 5.5. card to An .... r~i"ll Inc., 
hrsonnel, 1452 7th A~1lUt' (8Hc:h StrreU 
SoIn Diego, CA 92101. For more Informa 
tlon . or 10 o,chedu te appointment call 
231·9501 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

these stocks on4:00p.m., February 
28, 1990 determine the ponfolio's 
value as a whole. Beside sharing 
$61 ,500 in cash prizes withthe first 
place winner getting $25,000, all 
top ten contestants will spend a 
six-day vacation in,the Bahamas. 

A total of887 colleges competed 
in the Challenge last year, with 
New YorK University wiMing top 
honors. Sprung hopes that UCSD 
will be one of the hundreds of 
colleges joining thi s year's 
Challenge. 

"There were only nine players 
at UCSD last ye.ar," said Sprung. 

Perhaps very few UCSD 
students knew of the Challenge 
because of its low-profile. "I found 
out through one of those university 
tabloids like the The U.,"Sprung 
explained. 

Wall Street Games, Inc . 
automatically ranks colleges with 
50 or more Challengers against 
other colleges that also have 50 or 
more participants. Because of this, 
Sprung hopes to gather at least 50 
students to form a team. 

A group effort rather than 
individual "will help the other 
students. If we get enough people, 

See AT&T, pap 15 

FEATURES 11 

10% UCSD STUDENT DISCOUNT 
with $Iud,,,, I.D . 

PRO~TECH W All AUTO REPAIRS 
MtRAMAR UNOCAL 711 SERVtCE CEIlTER 

5126 MIRAMAR RD. INCLUDING: 
SAl IMEGO. CA 92121 • TUNE-UP • BRAKES 

• SMOG i61~ 457·5716 MOIl: SAT. a .. ·s.- • ALIGNMENT 

: -CO;';PijYERSpitiBALAN-ci-: 
i A~Oo~¥O~:~_4~ no j 
L ________ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - _I 

Gia's Satellite TV 
Italian Restaurant (inside & outside) 

Outdoor Patio (available for private parties) 
Monday Night Pizza Wednesday 

EQD.rl~LL Pasta ALL rau c.NJ. E~ r 
2 for 1 pitchers Pasta & Bread $4.50 
with Lg. Pizza Sandwiches 5-8 p.m. 

Cheapest Beer in Town! 
14') So. Hwy 101 
(south of Lomas Santa Fe) 792-7521 Solana Beach 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HA VE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279 .. 5955 
D' Agnessa Insurance Agency 

784 I Balboa At/e. See. 2 15 
San Diego, CA 92 I I I 

ALSO: HOME/CONDO OWNER INSURANCE 

dermatology 
• skin cancer • mole removal 

• skin peels • acne, warts, psoriasis 

• leg veins • thinning hair 

ALEX. O. PETERSON, JR., M.D. 
Board Cert ified Dermatolo~ist 

Hours: 8 a.m.·S p.m. M·F. some Saturdays. 

552-8842 
89S0 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. STE. 1121 

(beh ind Elephant Bar Restaurant) 

They're back . . . 

By popular demand, Central Uni-,ersity 
Library will stay open until 11 pm 
on Friday and Saturday nights. 

For mort hours ira/ormation 
call 534·3837. 



12 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

MONDA Y THROUGH FRIDAY 

8:00 •. m.-4:uop .... - SIGI Plus. SystcmllooflntcI'3Clive GUidance and 
In(orm:uion is lcomputer·b:lstd pro&l'1Im of carter infomlalion dcg,ned 
lohc.lp you clarify yourskills. vllluesand occup:1.I1OtW _nlereSiS. Formoft 
inrOl"l'Nlion. come 10 c..rtcr Services Center. $1000 

8: . .. .... :JOp.m.-Honon .... oritshops and mdivtdual USlmncc for 
r~ihman and IOphomores. The workmop will focus 011 1M shon ~r. 
the ess.ay exam and the professor III panner Sludcnb will have the Of>-
ponunil:y 10 le~ I word processin, ')'stem. SAA students Arec$p«i.lty 
en<ouroIed to apply. Call hn.1I Fortman '" ~l4-7}44 for futlter infor· 
nwion or an appointmtnL USB 4010 Fru 

• :OO' ........ :JIrp. .. -OASIS Wridnl Cenlcr otTen (ret 1eNk.'e ret .11 
UCSD lIudentS .. 1'10 need pn:· .... ,;tln& help, conferenceli on dnlb and 
cdiun, Idvice. We en,. 1ft)' kind of writin, and any k.ind or 'lmb"1 
problem. Conferences are by appointment only. E\lctUnl'ppoIntmtnlS 
are &150 aVlllable. (For full nn,e 01 services KC the back 0( me c:wn!nl 
class 5Chedule~ Call ~34-221t4 or come by USB 4()IO to mat< an 
appotnlll'lfnl , This ien'ice is .v.i l.tHe IhrouPOUIIhc:quaner. SpoMORd 
by the OASIS Wririnl Ccnltr. Sitadeni Cenler, 8ulldinl A. Free. 

B; .... "" .. ; ...... - TheLan'w·ceP'rocrampnwidesusistMCtIOSIU-
dents ", hose nalive langua&t IS not Enahsh.nd 10 IhoK: doina woB.ln 

J.PI~. Spamm, FmK'h . Gcrmu. H~brew and OIher lan&UI.&es. A di-
ICnosUC lest on wrlilen EnlHsh I' a iOCOnd lan,u.aJe is avail.bIe 01\ re . 
qUHI. Call. 534-2214 ror~ Inrorm.ation. Su*nt Center. 8uildin,A 
FI'H. (TlieSd.:ly.nd Thursday Evenln&s 4·JO.8;OOp m.) 

9: ....... -4 :00p. ... -Ut OASIS Readin, >nd Study Sktlls help you thl ' 
quan(r "'Ilh unw: managtmc:nt. notelu;in • • midlenn prepanllon. and 
tcsl·w'in,sU'llle,in. Slop by USB 40 10 oc call S34-7344 10 SCt up. per· 
son.1 appointment AI~SlIyon lhe' lookout rOf lhoie v.luable OASIS 
.. udy Kill, wori<>Itops. USB 4010 Free. 

IO:OOI.l".·9:00p.m.- FREE indiyidual IUlorin, in III lower dl~iskln 
Math. 8iology. ChemlSrT)'. ECEICSE Economa. Physics and Klecled 
upper diVISion clauel. The OASIS Undel'lround is loc.ted at Il.s4GaI-
bra..ith Hall. AlIst\ldc:nlS wdcome! We want to help )00. 1254 Galbr.ulh 
HalLF .... (Fndl y IO:OO .. m.·l:OOp.m. and Sun<by5,00 p.m.-8 p.m. ) 

MONDA Y. OCTOBER 23 

1:.JOp.m.- If>"T1;RVIEWING SKILLS WORKSHOP So you neod Itttp 
In prepann& ror jObln1tt'JIC"" s" career Services Centt1" will pl"OVtde ups 
on the: M~ waysto~scm )'OW'qualifiatlonsand \IoMllund Orlnltn'Kw 
qutSlIOI'IS 10 expect ClJ't-et ServtCtS Center Free 

1 :~:lO p.m.-DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS For ~Ip findln, 
desIDbtelW'-llinetmp~nl.detenmninfi.I;~~i.5Coan;hin,ror 
JObs or ~ltpkw'ln& pmresstOl\11 or v.w;tuate school oppottURIheS o.p-
potnnnenE ncctliS3fy. JUSt wlll~-ln. Citttf Scn-1Ct" Cenlcr. Free. 

T UESDA Y. OCTOBER 24 

1\ ;00 a.m.- EFFEC1WE lOB SEARCH SlltA'reGY ~ of all jOb 
VOCII'CteS ate unadvenistd. nils ",ort-shop "'tl! Ic:x:h you the most 
effeCh\( Ytay 10 find them. Career SU\'ices Cenl" Free. 

1:00 p .... -O~·CAMPUS Ii'ffi:RVIEWING ORIErorrATION. lfyou 
are In~sled In pan.cipaqnc 1ft W c.~r ServlCes~nter' s on-elrTlplls 
mlerv.ewlnC proaram Ihn qu:mtf. "'s man¢uory ttw you a(lend one 0( 
IhcK om:ntauoni bc(~ you 100eNIC-W C:arecr ServiCes Ctnter. Free. 

1:.10-4:00 p.m.- DROP· IN ADVISING HOURS' Fot-ltelp wtthe",",r 
,oal$. JOb hunun" resume pt'tpar;1lllon ew uplonnc ptofhs.tona.l or 
padU1le .cttooI opponumlltl. ""0 appOmlmtnl nece~. JU~ w.lk-III 
Ca~r ScvtoCS CeRler. F~ 

3:00 p,m.-PRE·MEDICA~ ORIENTATION· IntrodUC1ion to "". 
demac and career plannln: (or lIudcntJ interested In the mcchcaJ prof'es· 
ston. Carce: Services Cenler free. 

7: .... : .. p.m.- MIDTERM PREPARATION WORKSHop · Don't 
let m~tmns ilress you OUI. OASIS Reading and SlOdy Skills Compone:AI 
will condUCI a mMherm ptepUllton workWqJ which rOCU5C5 on rime 
m:lr\3&emtntlnd prepar;ne (orUS3.y and objectlwexams. WamnCom-
nlOnL Frtt. 

WEDNESDA Y. ocrOBER 25 

1:00 p.m.-PRE-DENTALORIENTATION - Inttoduction toacadc.mic 
plannin, ~nd penoonal Pfq)&nUon ror I dental W'CCr. Carcer S<rvices 
Cenler. Free. 

1:.10-4:" p .... - DROP· IN ADVISING HOURS: For he lp whl! c_r 
a~b, job humin" mum: pRpou1Ilion or uplorin, professional Of 
Jflduart school opponunities. No D.ppointment necessary. juSl waik· in. 
Career Servicc:s Cenler. Frtc 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 23, 1989 

TheWeekly Calendar 
J:OO p.m.- PU'lTING YOUR U'reRA nJRE DEGREE TO WORK . 
Learn about varitdjoboplions usin, ourmajor Ind resources 10 htlp you 
decKle amon, them and Pft~ 10 enler the job market. Carftr Senoal 
Cenler. Free.. 

THURSDA Y. OCTOBER 26 

1:JI...I:oe p.m.- DROP· IN ADVISING HOURS: For ltelp findinl 
de irabk pan-time e:mployrft(nt, dclmnimna ~~n:cr &oat'- job hunlin .. 
rnume ~nl1ton, e&C. No appointmc:ftI necessary, juSt walk-in. c..r«f 
Servicu Ctntu. Free. 

' :.p.-.- PSYCHOLOGY MAJORS INFORMAnON MEETING · 
Fiftd OUt in(ont\iItWln .bout,he new major requirements. honon seminar 
and procmn.lndUilIC PfOIJlms in P')'t'~OCY. andQlftfopporumilC-l. 
Please OOf'IlJCt Hilde,:.rd Nc:,yesy I' 5lA~3001 ror rUIMr inronn.Jlion. 
1110 PJychoJo&y Ind Lin,uiSl~ Bldl. Frn. 

II :. A.M.-TIiE MARKETABLE RESUME WORKSHOP. uom 
bow 10 aJn~1r\K:t • iLltC-o(·lhc-., resume thai will make you stand OUI 
from lite """"". Career Servic<s CeII",r. F .... 

1:JI...I ,.--oROP·IN ADVISING HOURS: Forlttlp",lmca_IOII •• 
job hunl in" resume preparation. C1C. No appoinuncnt necessary. jusc 
walk· in. Career Servlcel Cenler. frft. 

SATURDA Y. OCTOBER 28 

9:110 •• m •• J:OI p.m.-IDENTIFYING YOUR CAREER. An .1I.<fay 
workUMJp 10 kX.nut'y .... l:ItHe careeroptions through e.uensive stJr·asstu· 
men .. Caretr ServK'CS eenlet. Free. 

FILMS AND DISCUSSIONS 

MONDA Y. OCTOBER 23 

2;00 p.m.- How lon, will 'PCnn lwe in a y.,in.? In a uterm? Find QUI 
the an,wen to.lI your btrth conrrol Quwion from. Sludenl health ad-
vocate:. Siudenc He.hh Service, he floor Re5O\m."e Room. Free. 

s:eo p.JIl.-''Shadowl or lhe Fulure'·: A Gmnan film ( 19il) about 
German .ltltudes 1OWard.s lbe Isndi·PI~suni.n connk:t._ the djrracul~ 
tIeS ISsoclaled ""Ilh these aunudes in tCnni ofGerman·Jewuh relation 
since Wor1d W" II. HSS 2UO. Free. 

TUESDAY. OCTOBER 24 

I :.p.nt.- PtC' Wee Willy hada bt"Urprl)o(. his hcipi was dKm but hia; 
lenath was supersize. In case one size filS all .... 15. lillie 100 small . • hIS 
bKkup melhod was roamy spe:nnicides! Find out.bout alllhc av.ilable 
methods III rree 8 1nh Cornrol Ses:sioA. SuKltnl Hullh Cen1el' ,Second 
Floor Free. 

WEDNESDA Y. ocrOBER 25 

1;00 p.m.-A VIRGIN can't go: ~",ant her fi~ lime' If ~hc 'sdoina 
II hert'irst time she's nola Vll'Jlft anymore and can eel pre,"'nt (anytime) 
Come to a Blnh Control Se$ ton 10 find OUI .bout 111 your prevention 
opuon1. Sllkienl Health Service. 2nd Floor Free 

THURSDA Y. OCTOBER 26 

1:00 p.m.-Not Interesled In suual lnfonnauon and benh control'! You 
still wlnt 10 take ell( of your body. Learn aboullhc pelvK: eum. non-
SC:lual infecttOn • mUleral I"eplarion, ek:. from a sludent Health Advo-
cale . Student He~hh Servtee, 2nd Floor, frw. 

MONDAY. NOVEMBER 6 

5:00 p ..... - "Par.ul'oopcn" • A 1976 film about RtNilJ in the ISI1IICli 
AnnY '1 "'r.trooperCorpS. · A maaoc:osmoCtheannyud Israeli lOCietYI 
With 11$ many dllcllVIlb. All Welromc:. HSS 21lO. FRC. 

WORKSHOPS 

MONDA Y. OCTOBER 23 

9:IIO-IO:.JO •. m.- RED III. Thi, poop i, fOf , tudents wlto ... beyond 
",ut. pattern) ofbinlelnl, diclinl. or purJin& but who want tocontinuc 
lheir selr-ckvek)pmenl throu&h incrt:tiCd levels of sharin, and U\lst. The 
croup will kamlOcltpcricnc:t fee1inCSof ~alCf inlimac;y and sclr-1IXq)-
lance. Led by 'Reina Juarer.. 3J4-38H. and Evette Ludmin. S34-3S85. 
Cill Reina ror a brief preliminary appotnlmtnt berore ,omia, 10 the 
,roup. 100l GH. 

I :JO.J:tI ' .... - Maldnl Ufe "'" eo.- CItoiots. A self-diocovety 
workshop deli,ned 10 .ui" ifudenu itt makin, important li(ckarecr 
choices. The toor ICssion wortshop Includes Individualized asKl5menl 
of pCflonahtY.lnlucslS and values, an cuminalion or dc:c:iskHl paths and 
die idenuf"alion of boniers \0 free cltoi<e. Led by CoroI Leboeuf. Cau 
earo. " 5)4..3735 (ew inforrnatJOn and sip-up. 1003 GH. 

J:te...5;t1' .... -RED II (Recoverin, rrom Eahn, Disorden)GROUP-
Thi5 &rOUP is dcsi,ned ror students who rcaul ... l)' encase in binae·purac 
p!Ulems bul "'ant lOStop the cyde. Wich Iotsof'support, Sludcnu will worIc 
bach in and OUI of ,roup to understand tMmselvci and to chanac their be-
haYior. II is ~ndcd thai siudenis be,i" ,",'ith a RED 1 croup berore 
co""n, to chis one. Lcd by Kllhy Kashima, 534-3513. Call Klchy for 
inrormation .nd siln·up. 10030H. 

5:_:.II ..... - ADVANCED ADU~TCHIIJ)REN Of ALCOHOL· 
ICS THERAPY GROUP Restricted 10 .. udenlS who lilt .. previously 
been ,n individual_Croup therapy. Wod<ly allI.- i, ",,_ired. 
Led by Jeanne Manne, 5)4·3015. Call Jean..e (ew a preliminary scretn· 
Inl awointmc:nt before comina \0 the ",",p. 100) GH. 

TUESDAY. OCTOBER 24 

11:"'1 :3IIp .... -COPING WI11l OlRONIC ILLNESS AND PA IN-
This crouP is ror Sludtn" deal in, with chrvnk: IUncss or pain In their own 
liycs or in dw: liyes 0( si."irtclftl 0Ihen. Topics 10 be tdddtesscd inc:lucIe 
paioVstress mana_t technique •• _ I .. dcpusion and IooL deal· 
tnl with modicaiaat""IM "'" devdopi .. ~ 'Y'tcmL CopinllltUI 
development "'" a oupponive ............ will be emp/IuI .... Lcd by 
J ..... M ...... and CoroI leBoeuf. For.prtIIntitwy.,...,o-_ 
cornin,1O tlte.,.,.., pleat< call ~ at 534-0256. IOOlGH. 

l:ot..1:.lO,....-UNIlERGRAOUATEWOMEN·SGROUP. Thi._ 
will roevs on wn<:cmsc:onwnon amon, undcrJnduMc wOftlCft. includin, 
rtlalMwlship issues. r.rnilyol oriJin, wort and IClr~ stmsMd de-
vdopin, rlmily identilY. Lcd by Miriam I05Upovici and Yvet~ Minni. 
Call Miriam .. 514"()255 or Yveue.1 5)'c'" 1125 few. preliminary appoinl· 
m<n' before comInllO the ,","p. 100l GH. 

WEDNESDA Y, OCTOBER 25 

.:Jll.I.: ....... -ORAOUATE MEN 'S ANO WOMEN'S OROUP. A 
weekly ~p (ew JI"IduIIC SludenlS inlel"eSted In Clplorin, rcladonshlps. 
tlClldemlc/profeuionalluues and """"""' conc<ntL Led by Miriam 10-
supoYic:i.l14-0255. CaU Miriam for inrormation and I preliminary inltf'-
\ftCW bd'0f'C comlnlto the poup. 1003 GH. 

) :_ :.11 ,._ASIAN STUOE\I1TS SUPI'ORT GROUP. Thls_ 
is dcti.ncd 10 addrns the cunccml of Asian siudau. UCSD .. a pr0b-
lem sotvin, and supportive atmosphere. Issues loch IS ramily syIacms in 
cultural Ir.u_ton. elhn.ic identity. livi", in tWO culhftS II a .... u. 
comrnunicatin, with others, and vocalioMl and academic scress arc pol' 
siblcdiitu5Sion wpic;$. LccI by Jeanne ~1anese,534-1035. Call Jean_for 
Informat ion "'" .iln·up. 100) GH. 

FRIDAY. OCTOBER 27 

1 :"'3:.11 ,.....- ALCOHOL AND SlJBSTANCE ABUSE GROUP. If 
you haveevcra.sked "00 I have. probIem?,"'chincH Ite you do hive I 
lew thinl' \0 talk .boo" Lcd by Dan Muno. and Cry>taI S""-. Call 
Du at5l4-1579 (or infonnalion. Revel~ Provost's 0tT)CC. 

l:.JO.':JO p.m.-ACA PSYCHO· EOUCATIONAL SU PPORT 
GROlJP--Thls is • ~truclwed support poup for Sl\.Kk:ncs who want to 
IcamatKNllheldullchi.ldrcn o(aIcoholK."S P.1lem5 in their liva. We will 
expm family dyrtIINCS and roles, how selr~lIeem as developed and 
nwml.llkd • .oo how our lIdula U"C$ arc affo.tcd. Led by Beverly Harju. 
534-3987. and Dianne Bamell. 534-3035. Call 8evc:rly or Diane ror pre-
hminary Infonnauon bdOfe cornin, 10 the group. 100) GH. 

. :00-4\:00 p .... -CAMPUS BLACK FORUM A _kly discussIOn 
JI"OUp on the ,.mit" cont'enl' and quaJity of ltre of &he Black. oornrrIJnhy 
01 UCSO. Led by PIIil Rapltael. '34-0252. "'" aySliI Shannon. 

MEETlNGS 

MONDA Y. OCTOBER 23 

5:00 , .Ift.-M.E.Ch.A. Mectin& at Riverside Conreren« Room in the 
Price Cenlel'. 

.. 7:t1 p. ... -HABIT AT FOR HUMANITY · A JOIUIion .. the wor1d.', 
housin. shonJac with dipllY! If you are inlet"eS&ed in beinl put 0( the 
JOIu\JOl1 then lltend thi' pI_iq session. PoIitic:aI S<icoocc Mil . A 
campus chapter II In formalw,.· now Is Ihe ri&ht time lO aec on lhe boIrd. 
Spoasorod by VoI_Conneclion. United Campus Mini,lIy. and IIobi· 
w for Hlllllllllty. S.D. Political 5<"'- .. I I. Free. 
WEDNESDA Y. OCTOBER 25 

... ,:t1" .. - Whatdoes it man lOitudy Ihe BibIe? ls h II'Ue lhalyoucan 
prove anythl", usinC the BiNe' Do you have quesao.s lite thll' Then 
join us for Bible Rap, __ by Uni,"" ~ Mini...,.. _lit 
Campus MiAi...,. omoc. Bldl. iIW (ltdtlnd PolIce ScaIioft) E~ 
is wdc:omc. f ree. 

SUNDA Y. OCTOBER 29 

5:.11 "IL- INTERESTED IN A CAREER IN LAW'! WHAT 00 YOU 
NEED TO KNOW FOR mE ~.s.A.T.',· 1oin witlt adler lludenU U we 
e~plore Ihnequmions with Ms. Came Wilson, Alit. Dean. U.s.D. Law 
SdtooI. (Former UCSD Student Lep Servic .. Attomey~ A lialtt~· 
mnl meal will be served and is rree. /It RSVP IS requimt by callinC 534-
2521. Sponsored by United Campus Ministry. Private Home. free. 

FITNESS AND RECREATION 

WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 25 

7:00 p.m.- Scouish Counlf)' Dance Class. No panOO orcxperience nec-
essary. Come and learn me ballroom dancin.: or ScoIIlnd. War flexible 
ihocl. For mort In ronnacion call John or Tiva al4~2-2735 . Main Gym. 
Weil Balcony. Fft:c-

THliRSDA Y. ocrOBER 26 

5:4)0..8:00 p.m.-Slayin& Ileahhy-Strate,les ror Busy People. Could you 
use I lillte cuidance and suppon in reachln. your body p is? Learn 
pncuclll Ilnd enjoyable \Vtlyl (0 m.nq;e stress. control wei",t and in. 
c:retiC fitness thai can make a di(f~ncc In your lire. Oass mccu<k1. 26. 
Nov. 2. USB 4OSO B. Students S20. All oohen SJO. 

SATURDAY. OCTOBER 28 

9:01 •. m.. I1,..,. .. -5"y,n& Healthy: Stratelies for Bu,y !'tople. 
CC*1d you usc: a Ilute ,uk1ancc:and ."ppor\ in readun, your body ,oals? 
Learn practical and enjoyable .... )11 (0 n"nale $lress, control wel.hllnd 
increue fltncu thai can m:&ke II difference in your lirc. Class meeu Ocl. 
28 and New . 4.US B 4()SO B. Student< S20. All otIters SJO. 

RELIGIOUS FUNCTIONS 

MONDA Y. OCTOBER 23 

7:01 , .",,-Chi Alpha. Chrisdan Fellowship meeb We invite cvtryone 
10 come and experience k JOy of lhe Lord! Bcrblcy Room :ltlhe ~ 
Ccttorr. Fttt. 

TUESDAY. OCTOBER 24 

11:"'1:. ,. .. - Bible Study. Joyful Chri5liana; who love stud),in, IM 
Wont cI God. Coinl dtrutt,h the 1I0oI< of John. All ... invited. Price 
Ccnler, Room 5. 

T_y_I._y. 5:GO p. ... -<:athol;.; Ma'L Sponsomi by the 
Calhollc Siudent Communhy It UCSD. UnivusilY Lutheran ChW'Cft. 
Concrof N. Torfty Pines and LA Jolla Shore, DriVt • 

WEDNESDA Y, OCTOBER 25 

7:t1 _ - Bible Study """,1OIOd by Luthcnn Campu, Minisuy. Opat 
10 everyone. Univen.ity Luthcnn Ch..-ch. 9595 ..... Jolla Shorts Driye 
<KIWI the """' f.- Rev<l1e Colle .. ). 

1:tI,.nL-" Arc: WeAIone in lhe: Universe?" Pastor John Hubcrwilllt:ld 
• ctilcussion on proofs and disproof's (Of God's ed.nee. Everyone is 
welcome. Uniycrsity Lutheran Ctturch, 9.s9S La JoII. Sht:ns Drivt 
<_ the """ from Revelle Colle .. ). 

':ee ..... - Dinner is tc:JVtd 10.11 studenlS by the ~n Community 
I' UCSD. Universily Lulhcran OIurt'h. 9595 La Joli. Shores Driye 
(1iCfOIS the ItreeI (rom Revelle Colkle). 9:. ,. .... -Candlclllht MISI. A qu~. meditativ( lime rewsharin, .... ith 
omen. Sponsored by the C.dtOlic Sludent CommunilYill UCSD. Univer· 
,hy Lutltcran Chun:h. ComerofN. Tomy Pine."'" LoJoUaSltore, Dr. 

THURSDA Y, OCTOBER 26 

5:45 p. ... - The Thunday Dinner. Homemode food ,nd .... t compony. 
Sponaored by the CathoIk: Sludent: Communily at ueso. UniYersliy Lu-
tIteraIt Chttt<h. Cathol IC Loun ... eomerof N. Toney Pine. ,nd Lo Jolla 
Shores OriYC. Donation S2.00. 

7:Jtp. ... - Bible Study. Epi_1 coIle,e students; ", .. kly Bible Study 
Iftd monthly events. SL £lizabeth 's Chun::h. 2823 Merton Ave .• Su 
Diqo. 

1:31,...- Bib&e Study: Join with members of1he Catholic Communll)' 
forreflcctlon and sharin, about the upcominl Sunday Scripturts. Vniver-
sityI.otdtcnttChun:h.Catltoiic Loun ... ComerofN. Torrey Pi ... >nd Lo 
... Shorts Driye. 

SUNDA Y. OCTOBER 29 

&.;08AND It:OOLIIl.-Epi~1 Chun;h WonhtpScrvicc-: Sunday Eu· 
charist and Parish fellowship. Good S.mariUUl Ep;.iCOpI1 Onm:h. 4321 
Eastsare Mall. ICtoSS Genesee from elSl end or campu 

1:30 ...... -Calholic Mass. Sponsored by the C:uhohc Student Commu-
nity at UCSD. Univc.rsilY Lutheran Churctt, cornero( N. Torrey Pineland 
La Jolla Shores Driye. 

......... - A c;:horaI scrvWe of worship 10 c;clcbnlc Rd'cxmadon 
Sunday, pre5CR1td by the: Lucheran eon.nunilY II UCSD. Remember 10 
lurn clods bid one hounhc niahl berot1:. Everyone:: is \\ock:omc. Univer-
sity Lutheran Church. 9593 La Joll. Shores Drive (1(.'1'OU the street from 
Revelle Calk .. ). 

II : 15 ..... -Fllm. " Whc:rt Luther Wl lked," with Prof. Roland 8 ... uon 
intcrpmial the silnificancc 0( hiAOric: RcformMion Slles in EaR Ger· 
muy. Open 10 all . UniversilY Lutbc:tan Chwch, 9j93 La JoIll Shores 
Dri .... <ICrOII Ihc lUte! from Revelle Colle .. ). 
5:t1 ..... -OttlJOlic Mus spon_ by lite Catholic Stude .. Commu· 
nlty II UCSD. UniYe"ity Lutlteran Chun:h. comerclN. Toney Pine ..... 
... Jolla SIIcwt, Drive. 

". p.-.-Ottholic Mus Spoasorod by tlte CaIItoIic community 1\ 
UCSD. Uftiwniry L..uthcnn Clutch. corner 0( N. Torrey Pines and 1I 
Jolla Shom Drive. 

HEALTH SERVICES 

MONDA Y. OCTOBER 23 

I ..... 11 : ..... - no... are two kinds of peopIc: ..... dill winllO 
..., .. cleltise Pf'DII"IIII and thole ..... have one. Which ever kiad you 
are.. walk,. OYer 10 FIT STOP in the 51udent Helach CHeer for )'OUr free 
n-.. _ . Call 534-1124 or _ by \0 motkc yow appoi ....... 
Student _ Service. I .. I'l00<. F .... 

TUESDA Y. OCTOBER 24 

II; ....... · 12:te p.m.- So you mink you're in ,,"t",-pc' Get il in 
writina. Prove MIO yourself. Clme by Scudcm: lkaIdI .nd mate an .. 
poinlmetlt rora free fitllC5s :USClI,smenL Siudena Health Servlcc. I ~ floor. 
Free. 

THURSDAY. OCTOBER 26 

18:00.11 :00 • . m.- What percentalc o( my weiJhl is rat? What is my 
vital capKity1 Do I have ;oad ncxlbilily'1 I( ),OU h.m: tMse burnin, 
qUCSttons . ..... e have the: answers :&1 FIT STOP. Make an appointment .. 
SIudc'nt Health. It 's (ree! Student Health SetvK.-c , ht floor. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

MONDA Y. OCTOBER 23 

':00 ....-"Fior de Can~" Laun-Amcnc3n ~k music ::It lhe P'n\:c 
Center Theater. Frte admission . Everyone is welcome. 

FRIDAY. OCTOBER 27 

J:. ,.a-Deadlinc: 103pply ror II SUMMER Intcrn.nlp wi th the Wash· 
inpan Poil.ln WamlnlOfl D,C .• and Dow Jones. in New Jersey. ij today 
atlpm. Conlll;t the A.S. lnkmship Off.ce at 53C-4689 (Of more: delaUS. 
ASIO OffIce 

Monday, October 23, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

Now you can use the Card for everything 
the Campus Bookstore sells. 

Now it's easier than ever to pick up Plato, discover Prou t, or even show your 
colors with a new campus sweatshirt. Just pay for whatever you need at the 
bookstore with the American Express Card. 

No American Express Card? No pro1iem. 
To become a Card member just complete and return one of the American Express 
Student Applications available at the bookstore. Once you're approved, you can 
enjoy added student Card privileges like discounted roundtrip airfares 
on Northwest Airlines. 

So shop your bookstore today. From classic books to classic wear, 
the news is ... you can use the Card for everything you buy 

Store hours: 
Monday-Friday 7:30 a.m.-6 p.m. 
Saturday 9:30 a.m.-5 p.m. 
Closed Sundays and Holidays 
Extended hours at the beginning 
of each quarter. 

UNIVERSITY 
-

-

534·READ • 

13 



14 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 23, 1989 

Sun Run Raises Money for Cancer Center 
By J ULIE HEIMLER 
Contributing Writer 

On your marks .. . get. set ... go! 
Over one thousand runners and 
walkersareexpected to participate 
in the San Diego Sun Run at 
UC Don Saturday. Oct. 28 to help 
rai e money for the UCSD Cancer 
Center. 

The Sun Run is oneofthe largest 
one-day events at UCSD and will 
include a 10K run which begins at 
8 a.m., as well as a three-mile non-
competitive walk and a five-leg 
marathon, which both start at 9 
a.m. The 5-leg marathon, which is 
the only marathon relay in San 
Diego, consists of five-member 
teams. Each member runs 5.2 miles 

All of the courses begin at the 
Sun God and pass by UCSD 
landmarks, such as Central Library. 
the new Price Center, and the Stuart 
outdoor collection among others. 
Individual entry fees for thethree-
mile walk as wen as the 10K run 
are 15 dollars; fees forthe five-leg 
teams are 75 dollars for student 
and military entrants, and 150 
dollars for business,corporate and 
open category teams. The entrance 
fee includes a free Sun Run t-shirt, 
post-race food sponsored by Pepsi 
and Ka~hi , entenainment by the 
UCSD jazz band and a band 
comprised of members of Ph i Delta 
Theta. 

The race was created four years 
ago by UCSD' s Phi Delta Theta 
fraternity , in an effort to create an 
annual sporting event to sponsor a 
charity. After choosing cancer as 
the ir cause and a marathon relay as 
an event. the fraternity mapped out 
a relay course, recei ved permission 
fro m school offic ials and 
approached sponsors fordonations . 
The event was originaUycaJled the 
BMW/La 10lla Marathon Relay 
and on Iy consisted of the marathon 

5 minutia 
'rim UCSD 

236-8587 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

La Jolla 

ADORABLE ANIMAL 
RUBBER STAMPS! 

CIANT CATALOG FEATURlNC 
OVER 1000 IlFSICNS! 

SlNIJ IaIIO FOI~ m 
iREIt~ll'IlIlIL\'oo.}OmJ 

CR1ITER PRIrm 
P.O. BOX 556 DEPl'. G 

SOLANABEACH. CA 92075 

rela.; however. this year 's three-
mile walk and 10K race were 
added to increa e participation. 

In the past four years the event 
ha grown tremendously; not only 
in the number of participants 
competing in the event, but also 
with regard to support and intere t 
from big businesses. This year, the 
name was changed and more 
money is being contributed. The 
major sponsor, First Interstate 
Bank, has donated $25.000, and 
the secondary sponsors, BMW 
dealers of San Diego County, have 
contributed $10,000 to the event. 
According to event organizers the 
$35,000 total donation by the two 
businesses make it the largest cash 
contribution ever made to a student 
organization at UCSD. 

Greg Solomon, the race director 
as weJl as the vice-president of Phi 
Delta Theta, became involved with 
the Sun Run last year when he was 
approached by the president of his 
fraternity and asked if he would 
coordinate the event. Solomon, 

whose mother suffers from cancer, 
agreed, hoping that hi contribution 
to the event will help raise money 
to help his mother as well as cancer 
victims everywhere. 

" I would like nothing more 
than to see acure for cancer found," 
said Solomon 

He also claimed that if the Sun 
Run receives their $60,000 goal. it 
will be the largest philanthropic 
event in which any fraternity 
nationally participates. 

Fraternity members are 
involved with all aspects of the 
Sun Run , including securing 
ponsors (such as BMW), 

distributing entry forms all over 
San Diego, serving food, and 
setting up and cleaning up before 
and after the event. 

Solomon said that he believes 
fraternit ie at UCSD are negati vely 
perceived. , "Part of me wants to 
prove to University officials that 
fraternities are not a negative 
influence; we can give back to our 
commun ity and our campus and to 

Members of Phi Delta Theta prepare for the Sun Run. 
something as worthwhile as the 
UCSD Cancer Center," he said 
Solomon also stressed the 
importance of increased runner 
participation. "We need many more 
runners to meet our $60,000 goal. 
The UCSD community must 
become involved. The fratemity 
has established an event in which 
UCSD. cancer victims and 
researchers benefit, but these 

benefits can only be realized with 
help from our community ... 

Anyone interested in 
participating in the event can to 
pick up an application at the 
Students Events Office (located on 
the third floor of the Price Center), 
Canyonview Pool . or can register 
the day of the event. For further 
information call Breaking Forty 
Race Consultants at 272-8316. 

How're you going to do it? 

Those are ~ notebooks he's carry ing. 
he 's gol an IflU P. f2. " 

PS/2 it! 
Lighten your load with an I B~1 Personal System/2.® Its a big time-~aver. It helps you 

organize your note, write and revise your papers, and create smart.looking graphics. 
And because the PS/2 helps you get more done, you haY(' more timf' I()r fun. 

Now you can get special student pri es on select model of PS/28 alreadv loaded 
with ea y- to-use software. When you buy a PS/2, you can also get PRODIGY,oo the 
exciting new hopping, information and entertainment computer service, at Ie s than 
half the retail price. Check it out before time runs out:" 

Now, 
pedal 

PS/2 Modd 25-MOKb ml'mon. llO!l6 (H MHz) 
prnl'l'ssor. olll' :1.5 " fli,kl'lll' driw ·(720Kh). 201\1h 
Ii I'd disk drive, I RM l\lnu~(', rnol1lll'hrolTll' di"pla~. 
BOS to. Mi('rn~oft~ \\'ill®w,, /2ao al1fl hl>C 
Willeio", E)(l'n"' :-

low prices on 
three models of 

IBM 
Propri nters;" 

too. 

PS/2 Model JO 286-1 Mil 1II1·lIIon. H02Htl 
(10 \1l1z) Prlw'·'>llr. 111\1 ' :1..1 " IIi,!... ·'· .. • driw 
(1 .1. ~\lh). 2(11\111 li\l'fllli~k Ilri\'\'. 11\\1 '\11111" ', H.lI:1 
Color lli ' I,la~'. DOS HI. Minllsllft Willei"",/2Hll. 
\\orll .i.O· allei hlle Wi'lllll'" hpn'''' hDe 
\\illll"", I\!all'l/!,'r" ""11 hlle \\ illllll'" ( :olor. ,. 

$1,499 

Computer Center 
534-4291 

l \[\If\SITI 

B()OKSTOI<E 
III L_". 

$2,299 
----
----i~:ffi: Hotline 

587-5009 
'MlCrosot! Word IS the AcademIC Edllton ThiS ofter IS Ilmlled 10 quallloed studenls laculty and stall who order an IBM PS/2 MOdel 8525 OOt 01 
8530 E21 on or betore October 31 1969 PrICes quol"" dO not Include sales ta. handllna and/or procesSing charges Chock Wllh your InSlitUIiOn 
regarding these charges Orders are subjeCt to avallabtll ty IBM may Withdraw tho promotIOn at any lime Wllhout wrillen notICe 
IBM PetSOf'laI 5fS1em{? CiIIn(J PS/2 ate reg'SI~led Ira.oernar"'s and Pf'OPfinler l!o a "adema,k c,llnlemallfJOI & ,","!os ~'ICtwv', COtporahon PRODIGY" .. 'egtSleted 
lraoemalic at Prodlgv Ser ... ICPS C()I"r'lpany a parlnetSh() 01 IBM and ~s Mt(.'0$011." a t~I~lerei1 uanema," nj MK.IOSe.. 4, r:ufl " tIl'" hO(. WiOdf '"~ E.rwM' nOC WIfldc::M-S 
Manager and hOC WtnO .. Color ate Iraoemar"s 01 hOC ~If'f CorPOfBl1On (lAM Corp 1989 

Monday, October 23, 1989 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES IS 

CENTER: Educates Students on Safety Issues, Provides Counseling 
Continued from page 10 

plight of women. Lisa Cauble, one 
of the long time members of the 
Resource Center, said that one of 
their goals is to "make a campus 
more hospitable and comfortable 

for women." 
They pursue this goal by 

providing counseling, either one-
on-one or in a collective group, on 
issues ranging from sexual assault 
to homosexuality, depending upon 
the occasion and need. The 

AT&T: Professors Can 
Play Stock Competition 
Continued from page 11 
we could have regular meetings to 
see how everyone is doing, " said 
Sprung. 

College professors can also play 
The Challenge in a separate 
category. Sprung also hopes that 
UCSD professors will play, with 
the possibility that one will 
volunteer to advise the would-be 
UCSDChallengeteam.Lastyear's 

top professor was Robert Shinkle 
of the University of Toledo. 

Sprung will have 50 Challenge 
packets on sale Oct. 24, from 12 
p.m. to 2 p.m. or call toll free 1-
800-545-1990 to register. 
Registration deadline is on Friday. 
October 27, 1989. Each package 
costs $52.95. 

PSYCHOLOGY MAJORS 
INFORMATION MEETING 

find out about: 
new major requirements 

honors seminar & program 
graduate programs in psychology 

career opportunities 

When: Thursday, October 26 at 4:00 p.m. 
Where: 1110 Psychology & Linguistics building 

Women 's Resource Center is also 
connected with other community 
and campus organizations, such as 
the Student Safety Awareness 
Program and the Student 
Affirmative Action Committee. 

But the members and supporters 
of the Resource Center say they 
are also concerned with educating 
the public on the rights of women. 

This aim is brought about by 
their alternative programs, such as 
last year's scholar lecture series 
and continuing struggle todevise a 
Women's Studies Program in the 
UC system. 

Though the Resource Center is 
female oriented, it does not exclude 
men. 

Reina Juarez of the 
Psychological and Counseling 
Services describes the Wornen's 
Resource Center as "one of those 

Laser Prints 
Save on l.aseI'Writ~ prints now 
through _10131189 _ with this 
coupon. Limit one coupon pet' 
customer. 

kinko·s· 
open 24 hours 

457-3775 

places to go for a peaceful 
sanctuary ... open for everybody." 

Student Safety Awareness Program 
pointed out, "Everyone's welcome, 
men and women. Men shouldn't 
feel intimidated, because we need 
their support and understanding 
also. " 

Maggie Sale and Devra Polack, 
of the Resource Center, pointed 
out that the volunteers are trained 
individuals. And trough it requires 
handling over fifty calJsand visitors 
everyday, the volunteers still find 
it "fulfilling" and "worthwhile." 

The Resource Center's offices 
are open from 9 :30 to 3 :30 
weekdays. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

And as Sonia Nunez of the 

News Flashl 
The Guardian is looking for people to fill the 

positions of Associate Features Editor, and 
Features Editorial Assistant. 

Send typed cover letter, resume and samples of 
work to Seth Slater at the Guardian, UCSD B·016, 
La Jolla, CA 92093. Resumes may also be brought 
to the Guardian offices on the second noor of the 
old Student Center. 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 

hot chocolate! 
HOURI: 11-10:30 Mon.-Thurs.; 
11-11 Sot.; 12-10:30 Sun. 
LA JOUA COI.ONY 
7770 Regents Rd., Ste. 108 
(in Voo's Shopping Center) 

--------------------------2 for 1 :~;;:,.':;=~m and get OM 01 equal or lesser value FREE. VOId wl1h any other offer. Toppings not Included. 
One coupon per customer. Expires 10/29/89, 

-
~------------~ L __________________________ ~ 

Abortion Services 
291-6853 

• Confidential 
• Caring Staff 
• Comfortable 
.• Low Cost / MediCal 

Se Habla Espanal 

1075 rnino del Rio South, Mission Valley 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
of San Diego & Riverside County 



, 

16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

w. POLO: Big Victory Over UCSB 
Continued from page 24 
" [Santa Barbara) didn't know what 
hit them." 

The Triton defense, dominant 
throughout the match, held Jason 
Likins, UCSB ' s standout two-
meter man, to just one goal. 

UCSD goalie J.P. Beay turned 
in the performance of the day, 
denying shot after shot and subse-
quently setting up effective 
counter-attacks. 

Beay, a senior who began play-
ing college water polo at UC Santa 
Barbara, attributed ninety percent 

of his out tanding perfomlance to 
fellow members of the Triton de-
fense, explaining that they "al-
lowed virtually no shots". 

"They [the Gauchos] weren ' t 
aware of how fired up we'd be," 
added Beay. The five goals he al-
lowed were well below his goals 
against average, which hovers 
around eight per game. 

Sunday's win capped off a 
banner weekend for the sq uad as it 
breezed past Loyola Marymount 
Friday night by a lopsided score of 
14-3. Senior Jason Vance, along 

• SELF SERVICE COPtERS 
• VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
• PROfESSORS NOTES 
• Free Pring. Book Binding 
• Copies while you wllit 

Hours: M-Th 8 :3(}.6:30, Fri. 8:30-¢, 
Sat. 12 .. U 3211 HoIidIIy Court 

La Jolla next to Sl Germoin's 

451·"49 

with leading scorer Brown and 
Greg Goodrich, spearheaded the 
offense with three goals apiece 
against Loyola. 

The two weekend victories 
upped the Tritons ' record to 15-11 
on the season. 

The team will take this confi-
dence-builder into Friday's match 
against visiting perennial power-
house - and currently second-
ranked - UC Berkeley. 

The Tritons will then play in the 
Claremont College Mini-Tourna-
ment the following day. 

I~ La .lolla Village Square 
/ :~1 Dental Group OHers You: 

/ \ .. ~ 
\ • ~~ '" • COSMETIC BONDING - V ISA OR MASTERCA RD ~/ ~/ - EVENING AfPTS - INSTANT INSURANCE f / - STEREO HEJ'.DPHONES EVALUATION . , _ ,J • NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

. ./ • 24 HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
- ORAL SURGERY FOR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRACTlON 

Monday, October 23, 1989 

BrIan MorrIsIGuardian 
Hands up - Corbin Walburger attempts to thread the needle. 

~; .. CAJON BLVD. • 463-5052 
VERSITY • 291 -CUTS 

NEWPORT • 222-3777 
GARNET. 273-CUTS 

Pre-Doctoral Positions 
M.I.T. 

•• INTRODUCTORY OFFER •••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

EXAM & CLEANING 
ONLY SZ9 ::t 

Molecular, Chemical, & Genetic Analysis 
of the Chemical-Biologic Interactions 

Related to Cancer and Genetic Disease 
Includn C~an'ng & Poloslllng. X·Rays. Oral Cancer wm and PrIVate Consult.1toon Expires 1 t / 16/89 

Offered to: students, Faculty and Staff of UCSD 
...•..•......••••.....••.....••.....••.....••..•••• 

• 

DAVID S. ESHOM D.D.S. 
Member : ADA. CDA. SDCDS. Delta Denta l 

8861 VIII" La Jolla Dr . , Suite SOl 455-9151 
IOph,,,() K,nkol) 

The home of the 
49¢ halllburger. 

1 j m /.IC'l)OItIJId!m 
-'- - J!lOli. 

, 6 · 
tAI'O..,o 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

Whitaker College of Health Sciences and Technology 
Graduate Program in Toxicology 

Faculty 

John M . Essigmann 

James G. Fox 

Steven R Tannenbaum 

William G. Thilly 

Gerald N. Wogan 

Helmut Zarbl 

Area of Interest 

DNA repair and mutagenesis 

Gastrointestinal microflora and 
endogenous carcinogens 

Chemistry of macromolecuJar 
adducts; nitric oxide 

Mutational spectra; mechanisms 
and genetic epidemiology 
DNA adducts and genetic 
change in carcinogenesis 

I.L. ..... ~-----------------------ALLAMEIDCAN-MEAL--- Pl+ 
Transformation effector and 
suppressor genes, oncogenes; 
gene expression 

Quarter Pounder ' with Cheese. Medium Fry. 

II 
II 

Med ium-Size Soft Drink CaaI> ... , ... : 1/ 20 011 cent II 
II Li mit one coupon per II custo mer. per VIS' Please 

present coupon when I I ordering Not va lid with I I ony other offer 

~GOodthru Pl+ November 30, 1989 -- _____ iii_ 
II 

'Just $1 99 11 
(ptus lax) II 

Only at: II 
71.0 Mlromor IId.@ 

Son Diego 
1237 Prolp«:t -M ... 

l o Jo llo ,-~ 
_iiiiii ______ iiiiiiiii 

Full suppon (stipend and tuition) is offered to all accepted candidates. 
For program information and an application, contact: Debra A. 

Luchanin, Academic Administrator, Division of Toxicology, 
Room 16-330, M.LT., Cambridge, MA 02139, (617) 253-5804. 

MIT is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 

Monday, October 23, 1989 

V-BALL 
Continued from page 24 
I advantage. 

The Matadors charged right 
back, putting together an unan-
swered run of their own, taking a 
10-6 lead before eventually clos-
ing out the first game with a 15-10 
victory. 

UCSD played even with CSUN 
in the second game, but trailed 7-6 
before strong serving by setter 
Linda Ross and outside hitter Vikki 
Van Duyne staked the team to a 
13-10 lead. But that was as close as 
the Tritons would come to clinch-
ing a game the entire weekend, as 
UCSD would not score again in 
that second game. 

CSUN scraped together five 
points in a row to snatch a 15- 13 
victory out from under the Tritons. 

The Tritons scored the two 
points they needed to seal game 
two at the beginning of the third 
game, but it was just a bit too late. 
After opening the last game on a 
positive note, UCSD soon trailed 
11-6 . 

UCSD refused to fold, fighting 
back to claim the lead at 13-12 on 
a powerful kill by outside hitter 
Allison Hensleit. 

'The Tritons' effort was all for 
naught, however, as the Matadors 
returned the favor. Once again 
CSUN staved off a UCSD chal-
lenge, battling back to complete 
the sweep with another 15-13 vic-
tory. 

Despite the Tri tons' 15-12 rec-
ord, they still maintain the number 
three ranking in Division m. Tri-
ton Head Coach Doug Dannevik 
described his team's play in the 
weekend los~s as "encouraging", 
noting that both Riverside and 
Notthridge are top-ranked Divi-
sion II teams laden with bigger and 
stronger players. 

Dannevik pointed out that as 
setter Linda Ross continues to gain 
valuable game experience, and as 
the passing game improves, 
UCSD's "next five [matches] 
should be wins, getting us ready 
for the upcoming regional tourna-
ment." The NCAA Division m 
regionals are scheduled for Nov. 
10-11 at a sight to be detennined. 

Meanwhile, the Tritons will 
fine-tune against more non-divi-
sional competition when they host 
Division II Cal State Dominguez 
Hills and NAlA Biola this Friday 
and Saturday at 7 p.m. 

Brian Morrl5lGuardian 

On her toes - Jennifer Well-
man prepares to serve. 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Reculatloas: 
• Send the entry on an 8 1/2" by 

11" piece of paper along with your 
name, year in school, hometown, 
college you at/end at UCSD. major. 
address. and phone number to Sports 
Editor, UCSD Guardian, 8.(J16, La 
lolla, CA 92093. You can also drop 
it off in the sports editor's box at the 
Guardian office, located on the 
second floor of the Old Student 
Center across from the gym. 

• All UCSD students. staff. and 
faCUlty are eligible to enter, except 
forGuardianstaffmembersandem-
ployees of BJ's Chicago Piueri4. 

• The person who comes up with 
the most correct answers, as deter· 
mined by the judges, will be de· 

The UCSD Guardian 

dared tire grand prize winner and 
will be recognized when the quiz is 
printed tire following week. In the 
event of a tie, a drawing will be held 
to determine the grand prize winner. 
Those correct entries not selected as 
the grand prize winner will be con-
sidered runners-up. 

• Only one entry per person, per 
week. Entries must be at the Guard-
iall by 5 p.m. Saturday. 

• The grand prize winner will re-
ceive two $5 gift certificates from 
81's. Runners-up can obtain a free 
pitcher of Michelob Draft or soda 
when dining at BJ's Chicago Piue-
ri4, located in La lolla Vii/age 
Square. 

This week's questions: 
1. Who is the head coach of 

NOire Dame's football team? 
2. What is the nickname of the 

professional hockey team in Phila-
delphia? 

3. Whose NHL career point 
record did Wayne Gretzky recently 
break? 

4. Which San Diego golf course 
hosted a PGA tour event last year? 

S. Who won the MISL title last 
year, and who did they beat for the 
championship? 

6. If a horse race is five and a 

data 
systems 

halffurlongs, how many yards does 
it cover? 

7. What famous thoroughbred 
racehorse champion died recently? 

8. Where did Viking Herschel 
Walk.er attend college? 

9. Denver quarterback John 
Elway was a merrber of what fn-
temily during his college days? 

It. How many national titles 
did UCSD intercollegiate teams 
win last year? 

Last week's answers: 
1. Eight 
2. Terry Steinbach 
3. Pitcher 
4, Chuck. Finley 
5, San Diego 
6. Giants 
7. Dave Dravecky 
8. New York 
9_ Oakland-Alameda County 

Coliseum 
It. Heather Mauro (2) 

Felicia Faro & Toni Krumme 

Last week's winner: 
Brad Stem 
Fifth-year Senior. Warren 
Political Science 
Santa Monica,CA 
Runners·up: William Rom 

Oscar Canedo 

UCSD 

SPORTS 17 

CLAlII£MONl SQUAIIE 
(NIoXl '0 VONS) 27'-2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Ntl.l ro PIlZA HUT) 566-6100 
UNIVERSITY tOWNE CENTII£ 

(ACROSS FI10M MANN THtArRt) 
455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
N'f"I. NOT NECESSARY 

MANICURIST AVAIlAIlE 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE COMPUTER CENTER 
UCSD BOOKSTORE 

(619) 534-4291 

EDUCATIONAL DISCOUNT PROGRAM 
BACK TO SCHOOL SPECIALS!! 

NEW PRICING - SAVE UPTO $600!! 
MlniSport laptop Is a SIX POUND XT coaapatible with a 
• Mhz 8081 processor, a 1- 7lOK drift, 1MB RAM, baddit 
npertwist LCD screea, panUeI, serial aDd RGB ports, 
loar boar battery, aad aa AC adapterlcbarpr. 
STATE OF mE ART - UGHT, YET POWERFUL 

DON'T LEAVE FOR CLASS WI11IOUT IT!! 

Z-286-LP/12 is' a 12 MHZ 10216 zero wait state, small 
rootpriDt desktop with a 20 MB hardclisk. 1MB RAM. ODe 
3.5" nopp)' drive, a MOUSE, parallel port aDd 1 serial ports 
aDei 14- ITM COLOR moaitor. With MS DOS aDd 
MIcrosoft WlDdows with Write aad PaiaL 
LOW COST, YET POWERFUL, WITH A MOUSE 

SuperSport 114-HR laptop is a XT compatible with daal 
speed 8/4.77 Mhz 8081 processor, a 3.5" 720K drift, 640K 
RAM, 10 MB Harddlsk, lull sbe bKldit supertwist LCD 
screea. parallel, serial aDd RGB ports, lour boar battery, 
a 3OOIUOO Baud modem, aael aD AC aclapter/cbar&a'. 

DON'T LEAVE FOR CLASS WITHOUT IT!! 

Supersport 286 is an 80286, switdlable 12/6 Mhz, zero 
wait state laptop with 20 MB barddisk. ODe 3.5" 1.4 MB 
nopp), drift, 1 MB or RAM, parallel port. serial port. aDd 
a rull size baddit supertwist LCD screeD. Software iD-
cluded is Microsoft DOS. 

FAST, POWERFUL AND PORTABLE!! 

Z·386/20 Model 40 is aa 10316 desktop r8DDi .. at 10 mbz 
willa 1mb 01 RAM, mouse aDd a 3.5" 1 ......... b dlslulrhe. The 
system comes with a color 14- FI'M aloa.itor. CODIeS with MS 
DOS aDd Microsoft Windows witb Write aad Paint 

SPECIAL SOFTWARE OFFER 
M1COOcK)ITWOQD AND [AaL BUNDLl: WITH 00 ~y~TtM 

$1236 

8 mhz version 
$1855 

$1752 

$2473 
_40 __ 

$2782 

$3504 

PRICES SUBJECTTO CHANGE WITHOUT NOncE. OTHER SYSTEIAS AVAILABlE · FOR INFOAIoIATlON CALL (213) 695-072 1. ASK FOR EOUCATlOHAL SALES COORDINATOR. SOUTHERN AREA. 



18 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 23, 1989 

Classifieds 
Cluslfled IIdvertIslng Is sold In 15-
word IncremetItS. The me per 15 
__ .$1 forlltuclenb, $3fart.c:ulty 
Mel std end S4 far others. Peyment 
In 1IdveI_ • required; lhereIore, 
.. must be melted with a chick 
(midi paYlbl_ to Th_ UCSD 
Guard ..... ) or p'lllnMd In PI"*IfI. 
P"-'lwveeuctchMge.DMdIII_ 
.. 3 p.m. nur.dey for 1IorIcMy'. 
piper and 3 p.m. MondlY for 
Thurad8y'a paper. The GuMt/.n 
reaarves the right to rwfuaI Iny 
advwtIsIng including but not limited 
to cocnp.nloMhlp ads. For more 
Information cIIi 534-5416. Th. 
GuMMIft, UCSD, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92D93. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

The ACADEMIC ' INTERNSHIP 
PROGRAM is stil accepting appIica. 
tions for Wlflter Internships. Available 
fields include cornrruOCations, pre-med 
at UCSD Med Center, govemment, 
pubIishing,law, business and~ 
science,90 units lind 2.5 GPA required 
at lime of application. Apply at 406 
MMC, 8-11 :30 and 1-4, M·F. (10119-
23) 
Visll KKG's PrIce Center booth October 
23-29tobuy$1 Easter Seals HaI~ 
Coupon books. (1011 9·3O) 
Theta Class of Pi Kappa Phi would like 
to work for you! Does your place need 
cleaning (e.g. dishes or bathrooms), 
painting or yard work? Big job or low 
budget no problem. Tom558-6722.(101 
19·23) 
Ski Utah with Risel Thanksgiving, 4 
days, $245. TICkets on sale October 11 
at box office. Includes: Hilton Hotel 
lodging with UCSB and UC I, 2 dances, 
pialic on mountain, refreshments en 
route, lift pass to 6 resorts, snowboard 
contest, and more! Hurry, TIx going 
fast!! (10/19-23) 

INTERESTED IN A CAREER IN LAW? 
WHAT DO YOU NEEDTO KNOW FOR 
THE loS.A. T .'s? The first Student 
Career Conversation will be held on 
Sunday, Oct. 29th at 5:30 p.m. Ms. 
Carrie Wilson, Asst. Dean U.S.D. Law 
School, (former attorney UCSD Student 
Legal Services) will host this event, 
sponsored by the United Campus 
Ministry. R.S.V.P. is necessary, space 
is limited to twelve, call 534·2521 . (101 
19·23) 
CREATIVE CAFE & COFFEE HOUSE 
where UCSD comes to dine, debate 
and relax in a beautiful non-smoking 
atmosphere. (See our ad each Monday) 
(1 012·10130) 

Business Opportunityl MAKE $100 a 
DAY! Work your own hours. II's easy 
with directions for a money·making idea. 
Send $1.00 to DCS, P.O. Box 70160, 
San Diego, CA 92107. (1012·10126) 

THE LAZY PERSON'S SECRET TO 
OVERNIGHT WEALTH. It takes a small 
investment and very lille work to REAP 
THE REWARDS with this IDEA. SEND 
$3.00 to DATA RESOURCES, 1140 
Wall St., BOX 8993, La Jolla, CA 92038. 
(10/16-26) 

Early deadline for summer internships 
with the Washington Post (in Wash 
D.C.) and Dow Jones (in N_Jersey) is 
October 27th. contact ASIO at 534-
4689 for more info. (10116·23) 

"EXCLUSIVE GUIDE TO WEEKEND 
FUN:" Select NIGHTCLUBS AND 
RESTAURANTS in LA JOLLA AND 
SAN DIEGO. For your ENTER· 
TAINMENT GUIDE SEND $3.95 TO: 
DATA RESOURCES, 1140 WaJ St, 
BOX 8993, La Jolla, Ca 92038. (101H'· 
26) 
Free food, We need you, your opinion 
and your palate. Please call Scott at 
534-6203. (10116·23) 
IF YOU HAVE EVER WANTED TO 
STUDY KARATE, NOW IS YOUR 
CHANCE. The newty formed Washin· 
Rya Karate Club is designed for 
beginners. Our traditional program 
includes self defense, aerobic 
oonditioning, and mental~. For 
further information call Marc at 459-
4503 (10123·10126) 
T rrid College S1udents • Come to the 
Third College Town Meeting and 
express your opinions COIIC8ITIi IQ Third 
College . Topic of special concern is the 
Renaming of Third College. Nov 1stat 
7 :30pm in Oceanview Lounge. 
Refreshments will be served • and a 
raffle drawing! (10123-10130) 
BALLROOM DANCE CLUB pr..ns: 
HALLOWEEN COSTUME PARTY I 
Costume contest, games, prizes, trick· 
or-treats. Short crash course for 
beginners. Oct. 31 , 7-9pm, Price Center 
Ballroom. FREE! (10f23.10130) 
INTERESTED IN A CAREER IN LAW? 
WHAT 00 YOU NEED TO KNOW FOR 
THE LSA rs? Join with other students 
as we explore these questions with Ms. 
Carrie Wilson. Asst. Dean USD School 
of Law. RSVP is required for the supper 
& directions will be given by calling 534-
2521 . Sponsored by United Campus 
Minisby. (10123·10126) 
UCSDEARTHQUAKE REUEFI To find 
out how UCSD is helping our northern 
neighbors, see the ad on Page 6. (101 
23) 

SERVICES 

Enthusiastic students seek: cleaning, 
painting, yard work, etc. to finance 
events. Professional job • cheap!! 
Contact Tom 558·6722, (10/19·23) 

TYPINGlWORD PROCESSING with 
laser printing. Low-cost term papers, 
theses, resumes. Fast! NADINE 578-
0496. (10/12·11130) 

ALL THE MOST RECENTADVANCES 
in the psychoanalytic treatment of 
personal and psychosomatic problems: 
contact Dr. Fink, a Lacanian 
psychoanalyst trained in Paris, for 
consultations in English or French, 551· 
9282. (1015-30) 

WORD PROCESSING - Fast, 
dependable service. Rush jobs taken, 
Call Roger Lo at 458·0404. (9128·11/ 
30) 

OFF 
any purchase over 58.00, all 
year round , all times except Sundays 
9am·2pm. Please show student 1.0. 
No coupon required. 

"Where stluving artists meet stlUving students" 
LNE MUSIC ON THE PATIO EVERY WED.-SAT. EVENING 

KIRBY'S CAFE 
BREAKFAST. LUNCH . DINNER 

215 FIFTEENTH ST .. DEL MAR 
OPEN 7:30 om-10 pm 
619/481-1001 

o 
. 

J):O IlIn " 
) • D"Mar , ... 

• thrllr 5 I 
c.ff! I 

J 

TypingIWord Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, theses, books , leHers, 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452· 
9439. (9125·10130) 

Olga Bari Bectrologist, 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226· 
1962. (9118-1/4) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near 5t. Germains. 
452·9949. (1019-3112) 

TYPINGlWORD PROCESSING: Fast, 
accurate, literate professional service 
at low student rates. Rush jobs. 454· 
6860. (1019-26) 
WORD PROCESSING -IBM wI laser 
printer. Student papers and resumes. 
Reasonable sludent rates . Input! 
Output. 530-0470. (1019-1112) 

WORD PROCESSING-NEXT TO 
UCSDI Term papers, manuscripts, 
resumes, theses. Laser typeset quality. 
Marsha 535-8260. (10116·11130) 

MACINTOSHICOMPUFIX SPECIALS: 
44 Meg SCSI HD w/1 Year Factory 
Warrenty intlext $399/499. 128/5121 
Plus AnaIog/Power $89. For all you 
Mac Needs: COMPUFIX456-5916. (101 
16·26) 
MACINTOSH SERVICElUPGRADES: 
Component level repair, FREE 
estimates, reasonable rates, weekends 
O.K. Nex1 to UCSD campus. PO's 
aocepted. Service for equipment on 
selected basis. Emergency service I 
COMPUFIX 456-5916 FAX: 454-4535. 
(10116-30) 

WORD PROCESSING, Student Rates, 
papers, dissertation experience, 7 days 
a week, 4.0 English skills, 755·2683. 
(10/16·1119) 

TYPINGII'''typeyourterm papers, etc. 
quickly and inexpensively. Laser printer. 
Call Jennifer 558·6090. (10123-1116) 

For the lowest fares call us, your friendly 
It's a Small World Travel Agent, 459-
0681. (10123·11127) 

Word Processing/Typing • IBMI 
Macintosh systems· APA available · 
Spelling corrected· Rush jobs specialty 
• Clairemont 274-8305. (10123·11130) 

UNSTRE~S. Recharge menta"y/ 
physically. MASSAGE Therapy. $301 
session with UCSD ID. (student, 
depar1ment, staff) 275-3838. (10123· 
11/2) 

UCSD EARTHQUAKE REUEFI To 
find out how UCSD is helping our 
northern neighbors, see the ad on Page 
6. (10123) 

WANTED 

"TACOnME- ?Looking for par1 or full 
timework? We need you I Flexille hours 
built around your schedule • discount 
on meals • $5.50 per hour. Apply in 
person - ask for manager. (10119-23) 

AUTO INSURANCE 
CAN BE 

AFFORDABLEI 
SpecUIIC~p 

Student P'Of,am 
CALL US FIRST 

584-6400 
WESTLAND 

Wanted: cocktail waitresses. Must be 
21. No experience necessary. Job 
opportunites. Kahunas 873 Turquois 
8PM. (10119·23) 

Looking for a fraternity, sorority or 
student organization that would like to 
make $500-$1,000 for a one '/W98k on· 
campus marketing project. Must be 
organized and hardwort<ing. Call Gina 
or Myra at (BOO) 592·2121 . (10119-23) 
SecretarylLaw Clerk wanted. Good 
typing skills necessary. $5.251lv. La 
Jolla Shores. 459-4118. (10119·30) 
Graduate student seeks heIp .. tting up 
small computer program. Good money. 
Please cal 753-2552. (10119-23) 
New Chili's Restaurant. Hiring all 
positions . Apply M·F 1 ()'5 at 5925 Lusk 
Blvd. on the comer of Mira Mesa Blvd. 
Phon;; 457·5962. Great benefits and 
pay. (10/12·30) 
Summer management internship 
interviews now taking place. Gain 
valuable experience managing a team 
of employees, customers and suppliers. 
Successful applicants undergo 
ex1er.ive training. Average earnings 
$6-10,000. Call "Student Painters" 1· 
800-426-6441. (10/5-11130) 

Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the efIecIs of alcohol. " you 
are a UCSD student or non-academic 
staff, American-bom male of entirely 

J~,Chinese,orKoreandescent, 
call Seripps Clinic and Research 
Foundation for more information, 554· 
2192. (9118-114) 

ATTENTION· HIRINGI Government 
jobs. your area. $17,840-$69,485. Call 
1-602·838·8885. Ext R18113. (9/18· 
10128) 

ATTENTION: EARN MONEY 
READING BOOKS I $32,OOOlyear 
income potential. Details. (1) 602·838· 
8885 Ext. Bk18113. (9/18-10128) 

Business Opportunityl MAKE $100 a 
DAYI Work your own hours. It's easy 
with directions for a money·makingidea. 
Send $1.00 to DCS, P.O. Box 70160, 
San Diego, CA 92107. (1012·26) 

House Cleaners. Part time, flexible 
hours around school schedule, great 
working atmosphers, $8 per hr. take 
home. Dependable, honest, good Ref., 
no experience necessary, car and 
telephone. Leave message 481-4616. 
(10/9·26) 
Free food. We need you, your opinion, 
and your palate_ Please call Scott at 
534-6203. (10116·23) 

PART TlMElFULL TIME-Deluxe Car 
Wash. Immediate openings for all 
positions. We will fit your school 
schedule. Located at the Costa Verde 
Shopping Center on Nobel Drive West 
of Genesee. Apply 1·5 PM daily, or call 
587-4844 for appointment. Eves. 222· 
5868. (10116-1112) 

ATTENTION: EARN MONEY 
READING BOOKS I $32,OOO/year 
income potential. Details. (1) 602-838· 
8885 Ext. Bk 18113. (10/16-26) 

CHILD CARE: Sitter needed Mondays, 
7·10:30 a.m., 14·month twins, LaJoia 
horne, day 259·5412, evenings 452-
6470. (10/16·26) 
JOBSJOBSJOBS.UCSDAnnuaiFund 
flexible hours, on campus. $7.tJonus. 
Calltoday 587·1585. (10123-1112) 
HARDCORE FILM WANTS YOUR 
FILMS AND VIDEOS FOR STUDENT 
RETROSPECnVE, NOV 7th. CALL 
PETER 535-1274. (10/23) 
Delivery person, Man·Fri, 10·2. No car 
needed, good tips & pay. Mike Shaterian 
457-4767. (10/23) 
ACTORS AND ACTRESSES I 
HARDCORE Film Club now casting 
Fall '89 Production. Lesley 792-1249, 
Amy 792·5209. (10123-10126) 
SKI LOVERS: Ski Maslers, California's 
largest carrier 10 Tahoe is looking for 
Student· Reps. Cash, trips, and 
equipmenlwil be your reward. For more 
information call: (714) 661·9662. (10;' 
23) 
Part·time office work. Computer 
experience helpful. Flexible hours, 
pleasant a1moaphere. $5.50-$7.DM1r. 
Call Jim 558-6263. (1 (123) 

Malle $9·$15/hr. Reliable person 
needed far light, sil!1lle .-nbIy work 
and deliveries. Set your 'own hours. 
Can be done in small workapece in 
basement or garage. Cal 558-6263 
x437 (10123) 
Market DIscover Credit Cards on your 
campus. Flexible hours. Earn as much 
as $10.oothour. Only ten positions 
available. Call 1-800-950·8472, ex1. 4. 
(10123·10130) 

FOR SALE 

HP·19B (Business Consultant II 
Professional Calculator) new 
unwrapped only $80. call 452·9523. 
(10119·23) 
WetlDry Riter • fits on back of t.Ik, 
Excellent Cond., $130 or best. Also 
protein skimmer, salt water books, test 
kits cheap. 792·8037, ask for John. (101 
19·23) 
Mid·size refrigerator, perfect lor your 
dorm room. Good as new $150 O.B.O. 
Michel 558·8669. (10/19·23) 
Brown-wooded office desk: $40, 6'2 bi 
trae top Surlboard: $100. 558·1725. 
(10/19-23) 

My sacrifice, your gain. Make an offer 
on Yamaha CR650 receiver, Kenwood 
tapedeck, RSL 3600 studio monitors, 
variable temp microwave, comfy 
recliner. Call Chris 272·5851 . (10119-
26) 
CASTLE MAMMON The nation's most 
intriguing Fantasy Game! IF YOU 
DAREI1·9QO.230-9090$1.50firstmin. 
.75 each adcitionaI. A Service of Audio 
Communications, Inc. (10;'19-30) 
AFFORDABLE EXECUTIVE SUITES 
AVAILABLEI Full amenities and 
servioes. Close 10 campus. Cal Sue at 
458-1400. (10;'19-30) 

Dr. Cecilia L. Magos 
is pleased to announce 

the opening of her practice 
of Chiropractic 

San Diego Sports M~dicine 
Chiropractic Clinic 

1300 Grand Ave., Suite A 
Pacific Beach, CA 92109 

Open 5 days/wk_ 8-5 (619) 276-2212 

Monday, October 23, 1989 

1981 HondaExpressMoped.2SOmiles. 
Excellent condition. only $325. cal 486· 
1989. (10119·23) 
1970 M.G. Midget. Original owner • 
new: paint, battery, carpet, brakes, 
radiator & hoses, muffler & exhaust, 
header (in box) . Master cyf 's rebu~t, 
hardtop, convertable frame, luggage 
rack, shop manuals, ex1ra doors, trunk, 
lid, spare part. $2200 or best. 578· 
3981 . (10119·30) 
Futon & Frame: $100. Sofabed 
hardwood bim: $200. Both unused, can 
deliver 456·9571. (9/18·10126) 
ATTENTION-GOVERNMENT 
HOMES from $1 (U·repair) . Delinquent 
tax property. Repossessions. Call 1-
602-838-8885 Ext. GH 18113. (9118·1 01 
28) 

ATTENTION·GQVERNMENTSEIZED 
VEHICLES FROM $100. Fords, 
Mercedes, Corvettes, Chevys. Surplus 
Buyers GUide. 1-602·838·8885 EXT. 
A18113. (9118·10128) 
Pugli Moped. $350.00 or best offer. 
Almost new. Runs great. Call Karen, 
Doug or leave message at 436·9451 
Days & evenings. (10123·10126) 
Bed, 1 boxspring, 2 mattress, 2 twin 
frames, or bunk bed. All for $50 abo. 
454·3469. (10123) 

1982 Toyota Corola. Original owner· 
AIC, Stereo AMIFM Cassette Excellent 
ConciIion. $2449.00 Best Offer. 459· 
8401. (10/23·10126) 

'79 CheveHe. New dutch, brakes, tires. 
Runsllooks great. Very economical . 
Must sell. $1250. 27~2045 . (10123·10/ 
26) 

CAR AUDIO EQUIPMENT. (1) Zapco 
80 watt Mono SOOwoofer Amp with 
active crossover. (2) Zapoo Stereo 80 
Watt Amp (3) 10· Polypropylene Dual 
voice coil Subwoofers. $400. Craig 792· 
8479 (10123) 

One way ticket to San Jose on 1216189. 
$35. Call Ben 558-n08. (10123) 

ATTENTION· GOVERNMENTSEIZED 
VEHICLES from $100. Fords, 
Mercedes, Corvettes, Chevys. Surplus 
Buyers GUide. 1-602·838-8885 EXT. 
A 18113. (10/23·1112) 

19n Vob Rabbit. 2-door, 4-speed, 
sunroof, arnlim cassette, all records, 
excellent ex1erior, interior, $1750. 455· 
5829. (10123·1112) 

IBM compatible, 6401<,2 floppy drives, 
20 MB Hard Disk, Panasonic printer. 
$600. Evenings 279-3286. (10123) 
1986 Toyota Tercel, Auto, AC, 48K, 
PB, PS, AMIFM Cassette, 30K 
Warranty, $4,300. Evenings 279-3286. 
(10123) 
Boa Constrictor: beautiful markings, 3 
112 It. aquarium included. $175; 276-
2653. (10/23) 

The UCSD Guardian 

HOUSING 
Single Room in Clairemont House,S 
min drive Irom UCSD, 207$1month, call 
270-8419. (10119-26) 

Mission Beach, 2 Bd, 2 Bath, Ocean 
view, $9()().$1 000, 488·1 395 or 259-
1467. (1019·10126) 

Room for rent: female :lOn·smoker 
preferred, $4OOImonth + 113 utiities, 
near Ralphs, security. Call 455-9515. 
(10116-30) 

Master Bedroom with own bathroom at 
La Jolla Del Sol . Less than two m~es 
from campus. Under $300,00 a month 
plus 113 of utilities. Male or female. Call 
455·5688. (10/23·10126) 
Condo, Mission Beach, ocean lront, 
$3OOImonth, parking, laundry, no pets, 
Robert 488·3649. (10123· 10126) 

Roommate wanted: 3 1/2 bedroom 
townhouse UC/UTC, washer/dryer, 
office, quiet, $500 + 112 utilities. Marty 
546·1522. (10/23·10126) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Lost: one flower·shaped sapphire 
earring. $40 REWARDI Call 276-95n 
and/or leave message for Monica. (101 
19-23) 

FOUND: bracelet, on campus, Monday 
1 0116 at 4:45 pm. 453-4826. (10/23·1 01 
26) 
Lost • gold figure eight link bracelet on 
campus, 1017/89. Please call MaIk at 
558-0422. REWARDI (10123-10126) 

PERSONALS 
Rltered Water 3CIGaI, No More Bottle 
Hassles. 10% Discount with this ed . 
Call Carl 456-9257. (10119-23) 
CREATIVE CAFE & COFFEE HOUSE 
where UCSD comes to dine, debate 
and relax in a beautiful non-smoking 
atmosphere. (See our ed each Monday) 
(1012·10130) 
WANTED: 9OpeopIe. Loseupto25bs 
in the nex130 daysll 452·3710. (1019-
10130) 
Loser· Happy 23rd birthday! Love, the 
two young beautiful babes that make 
you look good. (10/23) 

Congratulations pledge class officers. 
It's going to be a great quarterl AOPi 
(10123) 

To the SAE brothers : our midnight 
masquerade was a blastl Thanks for a 
great timel Love the sisters of Pi Beta 
Phi. (10/23) 
Watrencommuterbreakfasts are back! 
Only SOc fN8ry Tuesday, 7:30 am • 
9:45 em ProIIost's ofIic:e (1 0123-1119) 

Relatively speaking, 
. edhas" 

the best deal on gold 
Save Up To SSO 
on Gold Rings 
Go ahead, ask anybody. 
It doesn't take an 
Einstein to figure out 
now's the time to buy 
your coUege ring. 
Choose a ring from a 
company wilh a re .. J 
genius for designing and 
crafting the hottest-looking 
styles for bolh men and 
women. What's 

more, your ArtCarved 
gold ring is so superbly 
crafted, it's protected 
by a FuU Lifetime 
Warranty. Style, 

selection, and 
savings of up to 

$80 are all lhe 
right elements to 

make now the time 
to buy your coUege ring. 
Ask how you can save on 

gold accessories, too. 

II RT (II &YkQ 
Price Center plaza October 24, 26 10 a.m. - 3 p.m. 

~T~ime------------------------~----~~~~~i~IR~~~umro~ 

PlIymenI PlIIIlS AVaiIJlble. 

CLASSIFIEDS 19 

WITNESS - Anyone who witnessed the 
CI1I accident on Gilman Dr. Uust N. of 
L.V. Dr. Bridge) on Thursday, Oct. 12 
@ 2 p. Please call Eliot: 558-0315 (1 01 
23) 
ScoII • _y to take initiative for an 
incredible WMkend • defending the 
smooching title. Love,~. (10/23) 
UCSDEARTHQUAKEREUEFlTotnd 
out how UCSD is helping our northern 
ne91bors, see the ed on Page 6. (10;' 
23) 
WANTED: Live-in attendant fordisabled 
student living at Pepper Canyon 
Apartments. 3-5 hours a day staggered. 
Some assisted ~lting . Female non· 
smoker. Julie 458-9748. (1 0/23) 
Advertising Assistant needed at the 

~ne\llspaper. Paid position. Cal 
Michael 534-3467.( 1 0/23) 

Mike- I am so gtad that you survived the 
San Francisco e8lthquake. If you ever 
scare me like that again, 1'1 kiD you 
myself. Julie (10123) 

M0na2, Julie, Pam, Dao, Estrella- HEY 
YOUIII Guess who? And you all think I 
am always at my -second home: huh? 
(ha·hal) ... wait. .. actually ... (10123) 
Congratualtions to the Alpha Kappa Psi 
Pledges, and GOOD LUCK I From· the 
Founding Fathers. (10/23) 
Advertisi Assistant needed at the 
GuwfJan ng . Paidposition. Cal 
Michael :3ls~0/23) 

WELCOME BACK 
UCSD STUDENTS 

Call US for your 
PET HEALTH CARE 

~ 
IIlDlOa 
_(11«: 

5588 La Jolla Blvd. 
459-3279 

We "cater" to students 

10% OFF 1st visit 
with this ad 

Fun Time 
On Time 
Day Time 

Night Time 
Good Time 
Your Time 
Fast Time 
Any Time 

(fIRED't COIN WASH 
WE'VE GOT nME FOR YOU! 

OPEN 
24 HOURS 

Urge Size WasIws, Computer Dryers 
Comer 01 Grand and t..monl 

PK;IIcB_h 

kmo~' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

1855 VII8 L8 JoIIe Dr_ 



20 SPORTS 

MUIR SENIORS 
• The Muir College Graduation Committee is 
scheduling its first meeting , all are welcome! 
If you would like to participate, contact Kim in 
the Dean's Office (534,3587). 
• If you can't join the committee, but want to 
nominate a Guest Speaker 'candidate, submit 
her or his name (with additional information) 
to Kim. 

• Whether you serve on the Committee or not, 
you are welcome to try out to be Muir's Senior 
Speaker. Start drafting your remarks now; audi, 
tions will be held in January. For further infor, 
marion, contact Dean Chips Dreilinger. 

NOTICE 
Students interested in obtaining copies of the UCSD 
Student Conduct Code may contact the following offices: 

• College Deans ' Offices 

• Resident Deans ' Offices 

• The Graduate Students Office 

• Student Legal Services Office 

• Office of the Student Conduct Coordinator 

• Office of the Student Affairs Dean, Medical School 

• Office of the Student Government/ 
Student Organizations 

Copies of the UCSD Student Conduct Code are avail-
able to students without charge. For additional informa-
tion, contact the Judicial Affairs Office at x46225 . 

The UCSD Guardian 

THE 

Qf£H 
Mon.·FrI. 

M 
SIt. 
111-3 

TIck.1rOn 

PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

CALL TODA Y FOR MOlm INFOnMATION 

454-2255 

r;;r;t 
~achoice 

• Free Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

• Pregnancy Termination 

• General and Local 
Anesthesia 

• Low Cost Early 
Pregnancy Testing 

(10 Days A Iter Conception) 

• Affordable Birth Control 

call 
The College Line 

(619) 535·1379 
Family Planning Associates 

Medical Group 

Monday, October 23, 1989 

Scores 
& 
StatS ••. 

Soccer 
Mal 
Cal St. San Beroardlno 3 
UCSDI 

-UCSD pi: HIRSICn 
UCSD % Ocddeotal 0 

-UCSD pis: BreWller. Hyde 

WomtD 
UCSD3 
Cal St. San Bernardino 0 

-lICSD goals: Faro. Mauro. 
TabhMhi 

UCSDl 
Cal Poly Pomona 0 

- UCSD goals: Dulock. Wayte 

Women's Volleyball 
uc Rivenide d. UCSD 
15-8, 15-3, 15-% 

- Klintwonh (UCSD) 10 killa 

Cal State Nortbridae d. 
UCSD 15-10,15-13, 15-13 

- ICllalwordi (UCSD) J.4 kiI1a 

Men's Water Polo 
UCSDI4 
Loyola Marymoullt 3 

- Browa (UCSD). 000drIdI 
(UCSD) 3 pia each 

UCSD 9 UCSB 5 
-llCSD pis: Brown (3). Sen. 
(3). CaiIlo, Goodrich, V .. 

Men's Tennis 
(Third Annual Tritoll 
Tennis Cassie) Oct. 13-1!J 
Owrt< I 

~4. EnMrt7-6. 1-6 
PapIe 4. Yip 7-5. 6-1 
SIakov.ky 4. DIIaIw 7-5. 6-1 
BeUoIi d. Heddct 4-6. 7·5. 6-3 

, 'let" 
*-do,.. 7-6. 6-3 
IIeUoIi d. SIlIltmky 6o~ 6-3 

'...... ". IWIoII d. ...... 4-6. 7-5. 6-3 

UCSD RECORDS 
& RANKINGS 

l!L 1= 
Soccer (M) '5 J 17th 
Soccer (W) 14 1 0 2nd 
Volleyball (W) IS 12 0 Jrd 
Waler Polo (M) IS 11 0 9th 

r ""I 
Women's Intercollegiate 

Softball 
Fall Practice/Season 

Tuesday, Oct. 24 
through 

Wednesday. Nov. 22 
from 3 p.m. to 5 p.m. 
only on Tuesdays. 
Wednesdays, and 
Thursdays at the 

North Campus 
Softball Field 

Contact Head Coach Lin 
Adams at 534-5298 for 
more information, 

Monday, October 23, 1989 

ENG'NfEQ 

In the Bleachers by Steve Moore 

"Oh, a bottle of beer. lan't that nice ... but I 
aaked for a bug IIghtl" 

.====~ ~ ASSOCIATE ENGIN.E. 
SUnward Technologies is a leading independent 
supplier of magnetiC recording heads for Winchester 
Disk Drives. Our challenging work environment offers 
an exciting opportunity for an Associate Engineer. 
Part-time position (10-20 hours/weekI with flexible 
hours. Selected candidate will assist in evaluation on 
contact start-up. friction/stiction. and slider and 
suspension design. Senior or graduate student with ME 
or Magnetic Recording experience preferred . 

Please send resume to: , 
SUNWARD TECHNOLOGIES 
SIZI Pacific Center Blvd. 
San Diego. CA 9Z121 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

Equal Opportunity EmploYf'r 

I (all'tl)elie\"(~ how some 
diets makt:! l U ll eat :Ill l U ll r 
food nut n(little \)oxe; like 
a ~erbil. Get a diet you can 
liI'e I'.'ith :II DiL't enter. 

Lose.jat, nol muscle. 
Re~e.lrch :">hl)W~ 92% dllll' 

"Diet Center won't 
feed you a lot 
of nonsense~' 

SUMm Salll'james, (IUrlf>,.' , //Iulloer 
(Inri /)iel Ci'lIIl!r S{(L ee:<.' SIUIT 

pr()gr:11ll i~ exce~~ fal. not 
\\':lIe r ()r k :1Il hmk ma~s. 
Eat realJood. :\( l expL'n-

~ il'\: prep:Il'kaged meal:-
reqllin:d, 
GetJusl results. Energi l.l: 
Y()lI r b'llk \I 'hile p'l\lI1d~ :lIld 
i I1che~ melt a\\"a\', 

Diet 
Center" 
The u·eighl-Ioss profmionals: 

October SpeCial 
BODY FAT TESTING 

II e ight lo~t Oil the Diet ellll'r 01 no ood.l.onu, dllHge 

DIET CENTER OF UNIVERSITY CITY 
3202 Governor Dr. #204 

Big Bear Shopping Center at Governor & Regents 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 21 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free consultation and initial treatment 15 min. $20 value. First-time clients only.l 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Remova' 

EY*Uws 
Upper Lip 
CIIiII 

UIIder~s 
Breast 
Stoull 

Bikili Li. 

FillgerS 

Legs 

• American Medical Association 
approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Meclical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

558-0888 
Toes 

Alexander's Electrolysis 

La Joli. Village 
Pro .... io'" Ce.ter 

Behind Elephant &r 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Ste. 2121 
• Expires 10 /26 /89 

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25 
6:30 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. 

San Diego Fabulous Inn (at Hotel Circle) 

'------CA' , 

The Projssional 

~ 

"n° ·~G .... ~ 
\ : ........... _ .. ~~~ \ ··IT······_ .. " . • • II ... ____ .." 

~lAia 
~?FliCS 

r.#et ~ at a~ tpUl/ wcu./d .y,.e,ui for-
CUb~ ~ad. 6~~ 
~~a~W~~. 
Men's Cuts ....... ... $4. OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $21 .00 

Women's CutS .. .. $5 OFF 
With This Ad 
With : Yvonne. Koren. Nicole 

'PRICES INCLUDE: 
graphic cut, shampoo. 
conditioning and 
professional styling 

Reg. $26.00 



.. 

22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 23,1989 

w. SOCCER: Cal Poly, CSUSB Latest Triton Shutout Victims 

Greg BenesIGuardian 
Sheila Takahashi scored during Friday's 3-0 shutout victory. 

~areer 

Continued from page 24 
Utilizing this energy [0 their 

advantage, the Tritons claimed 
control from the outset. Midfielder 
Jennifer Kingsbury's early fruit -
less attempts at scoring were com-
pensated for by her excellent of-
fensive play throughout the match. 

The game's first and ultimately 
deciding goal came after a Felicia 
Farocorner kick. Sophomore Amy 
Waytebenefitted from the perfectly 
placed ball, scoring the clear-cut 
goal at 7:54. 

This play seemed to set the tone 
for the rest of the game: The Tri-
tons maintained possession of the 
ball throughout, despite managing 
only a few shots on goal. 

Likewise, the Broncos were al-
lowed only one shot attempt, pos-
ing no real threat to UCSD's con-
sistent method of shutting out op-
ponents. 

The final goal highlighted the 
game for the I OO-plus fans. Teresa 
Schwaar's shot, which was de-
flected into a group of players, 
found its way out ofthe confusion 

The National Security Agency will be on campus November 10th interviewing sen iors maJor-
ing in electrical engineering, computer science, mathematics, and Slavic, Middle Eastern and 

Asian languages. See your placement office for more details. 

National 
Security 
Agency 

The 0wortunitiei of a Lifetime. 
An equal opport ... ,....,..,., L SOl' ...... '" _I .... b lpIIIicant and Im_lam,~ -.. 

on a header by Dulock. 
The Tritons victory over Cal 

Poly Pomona - their second of 
the year - came on the heels of a 
3-0 win overthe Cal State San Ber-
nardino Coyotes on Friday. 

As usual, the scoring was spread 
out, as Mauro and Faro each tallied 
one and senior midfielder Sheila 
Takahashi added her Ihird goal of 
the season. 

McManus noted that these last 
two games have been played 
..... 100 percent from start to fini sh, 
and we are thinking ahead and ex-

pecting the best." 
The best, of course, would be a 

vicotry in the national title game 
- a victory that eluded the Tritons 
last season. 

The Tritons, second-ranked in 
Division LII, and 32-2-2 in the last 
two years, are headed into the 
western regionals, Nov. 4-5, at a 
sight yet to be determined. 

UCSD closes out the regular 
season with games against Clare-
mont and Division II UC Irvine. 
UCI challenged the Tritons but 
were denied 1-0 earlier thi year. 

Grea Benes/GlWlIiUl 
Danielle Placek (9) and the Tritons hope to head back to the 
National Title game this year. Last year, they placed second in 
NCAA Division III with a 20-1-2 overall record. 

PRIME PICKS 

\.ttJ!IIiIIo,j~~ 
By PHll.. GRUEN 

Sports Editor 
(Phil is currently 6-3) 

Monday Night Football 
Favorite 
CLEVELAND 

Spread 
1* 

Underdog 
Chicago 

PHIL'S ANAL YSIS ... In case you were reluctant to use 
these picks as a reference in the past, you might want to 
change your ways. You see, I've done three Monday 
Night Football games this year - and gotten all of them 
right (Denver, L.A. Raiders, and Buffalo). I know, I 
know, it's not that big of an accompl ishment, and I'm sure 
you've gotten all the Monday night games right for the 
past five years. But you have to understand: for me, this 
is a major accomplishment - at least for now, But if I get 
tonight's game right (which I will, of course), I'm going 
to start thinking I'm pretty good (which, of course, I am) 
and developing an attitude (which, of course, I have-
and it's not a good one), Anyway, I don't care if Cleve-
land is playing at home. The Bears, who lost last week to 
the upstart and lucky Buccaneers, are furious. It' s not the 
Browns' fault, but tonight the Bears are going 10 be 
clawing for blood. Cleveland doesn ' t stand a chance. 
PHIL recommends that you ... 

TAKE THE BEARS 
· OffkiaIIIM (rom met u, ,It(! Wulf, .lone), CA 

Monday, October 23,1989 The UCSD Guardian 

Upcoming Games Vital for Postseason Berth 

Men's Soccer Falls to 
CSUSB; Beats Oxy 

By TOM RIZZUTI 
Contributing Writer 

Hungry. That was how the 
Coyotes of Cal State San Bernar-
dino appeared when they took the 
field Friday at Nonh Campus Sta-
dium to play the UCSD men 's soc-
cer tearn. 

The Coyotes' inspired play , 
coupled with Triton mistakes and 
a key injury, helped them to a 3- 1 
upset victory over the defending 
Division IU National Champions. 

The loss, the Tritons' second 
straight against a Division III 
opponent, put a damper on their 
post-season hopes. But these hopes 
were not completely ruined, for 
the Tritons turned things around 
yesterday with a 2-0 victory over 
Occidental. UCSD's record now 
stands at 9-5-3. 

UCSD's troubles began about 
10 minutes into the contest when 
junior fullback Alex Savala broke 
his leg. Savala is not likely to re-
turn this season. 

Head Coach Derek Armstrong 
later called the injury "devastat-
ing." It marked the second time 
this year that Savala has been hun 

in a game. 
Despite this setback, the Tri-

tons controlled the ball early and 
managed to score first. Carrick 
Brewster snuck a free kick through 
the COyOles' defensi ve wall and 
Chris Hanssen followed a rebound 
off of the goalkeeper into the net at 
13:50, giving UCSD a 1-0 lead. 

However, CSUSB picked up 
momentum midway through the 
half, keeping steady pressure on 
the stingy Triton defense until the 
latter made a mistake. Robert 
Pedace capitalized at 14: I 0 when 
he scored on a penalty kick to tie 
the game at one. 

The Coyotes carried their 
momentum into the second half 
and were rewarded o,!ce again 
when Fernando Martinez gave 
them a 2-1 lead at 54: 19. 

The Tritons woke up and went 
on the aggressive for most of the 
remaining minutes. However, the 
Coyotes ' defense hung tough and 
thwaned several UCSD charges. 

CSUSB then putthe game away 
when Marcus Tripp scored a 
breakaway goaJ aftera tremendous 
throw-in by defender Anthony 
Rossi at 87:47. 

Armstrong explained that the 
loss may have resulted from being 
forced to rely on substitutes. 

"We just have too many inju-
ries right now," he lamented. 

Armstrong added, however, that 
CSUSB deserved credit fora well-
played game. 

The Coyotes improved to 9-6, 
keeping their slim playoff hopes 
alive. 

The Tritons are at a point where 
they must win their remaining 
Division ill game if they hope to 
gain one of the three spots in the 
Western Regional next month. 
While they will not likely retain 
the top seed, the Tritons ' status as 
defending champs-as well as the 
strengtho: theirschedule-should 
bolster their chances. 

The only Division m contest 
remaining on the Tritons' schedule 
is against Redlands at home this 
Friday. Prior to that , however, 
UCSD will host Biola, an NAJA 
school, in a 3 p.m. game on Wed-
nesday. 

If selected, UCSD will com-
pete in the NCAA Western Re-
gional from Nov. 4-5 at a site to be 
determined later. 

Scott Rommel attempts to split two Cal Slate San Bernardino defenders during Friday's contest. 

D HARDDISK ONLY =~--- ---- --
-- --
-- --

SPORTS 23 

Mike Alberts has been an asset to the midfield this season. 

Tepa VICId w..-.lty. MI ... L-aJ ....... IIIl:_, ...... V .................. L..a: I(...,. 
H t. .., ...... 1CIrbnoWI, ClaudIo CaoIaIW. "- by ...... Luon. 

This weeK's game ofrhe week was a classic march up of unbeaten 
nranerres, the: Chalk"a;"a Chie/u vs. Dwayne's World. Both teams were un· 
dcfe:.red and had not losr a single gam~. What a march· up! Bur it wasn't to 
be. The Chicks dominated .lI1d won three straight games and were led by the 
hitting of Claudia Castascr and the sctnng ofJanice Vansrrom. 

Thesc Chicks can obviously play volleyball. As far as being Challenged 
they haven't been this scason. They have not losr a single game this year. 
They arc obviously the Team Of This WeeK. Congrars Gals. -

~ ROBERT'S 
Mac Hard Disk Specials mM XT/PC/ATSpecials 

Apple Mac II, SE, Plus HARD DISK ONLY Special Q Qg ~ ~ SAAB 
20 MS External, 65ms Hard Disk, with cables and software 
Originally $495 .............. . .................. Sale $379 

Exl~mil Qisks IDt~mill mSks 
20 MB, 4010s .. .. $435 20 MS, 40ms .... $325 Installations on 
30 MB, 40ms .... $450 30 MS, 40rns .... $360 internals .. $40 
45 MB, 40ms .... $499 45 MB, 40ms .... $423 
64 MB, 40ms .... $557 ·64 MB, 40rns .... $499 *Good on 
80 MB, 28ms .... $619 ·80 MB, 28ms .... $590 Mac U's only 
Please call for larger sized Internal and external hard disks over 80 MB. 

IBM rCIXT/AT iDd Cgmpitibh: HaD! Oisk Ci[dli 
20 MB, 40rns, (XT) .. . . $299 20 MB, 40ms, (AT) .... $349 
30 MB, 40ms, (XT) .... $310 30 MD, 40ms, (AT) .... $380 
20 MB, 40ms, (Tand ) . $305 45 MS, 4Oms, (AT) .... $47') 
HARDDISK ONLY cam .. Conner, CDC. MUlor. Micropoh •• Mon'!ICI1i>e, Pnam. Quanlum. asate, Etc 
in d, ks .an!llng from 20 MB to 15 GO. All hard dJsks come WIth. one ye .. 1"'1> " 1,l><>r warrant and, 
fTee h.rd dask ~na8ement das . All ptVdllC'l MINt! mrMIOMd .,. t,.d .. _fb of theM' "'PK'u", hold .. ,. 

¢I 455-0277 FAX 455-6139 Visa and MasterCard acccoted I~ Sale ends October 26, 1989 

--

I" 
.... 

.' . 

ru 
~ 

German. Swedish. Japanese Service 
All work fully guaranteed. Factory Trained S/Hcialists 

Specializing In: 
• . MAJOR SERVICES • FUEl INJECTION 
• TUNE-UPS • ELECTRICA.l 
• BRAKES • EXTENDED WARRJO.NTIES 
• TRJO.NSMISSION • ENGINE REBUILDING 

Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm • Saturday 8 am-5 pm A 
¥.~ (619)275·1132 ~ 

• 

4630 Mission Bay ~ 11-5 to BaIDoa exit) San Diego f!lIIfCIIIlM •• 
Wt" ,aNd rtco".".~"d KftilMU· Lllbr.eanls 10 011' CMslotfU!TS 

--------------------------------10% OFF on all repairs· with this coupon 
"Except molor a>ld Ira"smissio>l over-lta"J Not valId witlt a>lY ollur COII/>O>I. 



24 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 23,1989 

Sports 
Men's Water Polo Improves to 15-11 with Upset Victory 

UCSD Avenges Earlier Defeat; Drops UCSB 
By ANDREW ROBBINS 
Contributing Writer 

Ye terday' up et victory over 
UC Santa Barbara meant weet 
revenge for the UCSD men's wa-
ter polo team, a the Gauchos were 
the very team that handed the Tri-
tons their first loss of the season 
back in early September. 

The ninth-ranked Tritons 
wasted no time avenging that open-
ing 10-6 loss, jumping out to a 5-0 
first quarter lead and never look-
ing back. UCSD eventually came 
away with a 9-5 victory over eighth-
ranked UCSB yesterday at Can-
yonview Pool. 

Riding the wave of three Todd 
Sells goals, UCSD took a com-
manding 7-2 lead into the fourth 
quarter.1beGauchos crawled back 
to get as close as 8-5, but Jason 
"Turtle" Brown's third goal of the 
game in theclosing moments sealed 
the Tritons' victory. 

BrIaa MorrislGuardian 

Jason "Turtle" Brown (11) emerged from his shell to score six goals this weekend in games against Loyola Marymount and UCSB. 

Triton Head Coach Denny 
Harper attributed the victory to 
"incredible defense" and said of 
the insurmountable early lead, 

See W. POLO, page 16 

Women's Soccer 
Collects Two More 
Shutouts; Tritons 
Currently 14-1 
By ARUNA ASSISI 
Contributing Writer 

The Cal Poly Pomona Bron-
cos rode into town yesterday 
only to be busted 2-0 by the 14-
I UCSD women's soccer team. 

The win moves the Tritons 
one step closer to playing -
and possibly hosting - the Di-
vision III women's soccer 
we tern regionals. 

UCSD did not let the Bron-
cos forget whose turf they were 
invading, as they put the Bron-
cos out of their misery in the 
first twenty minutes and con-
tinued to dominate the rest of 
yesterday's game. 

Head Coach Brian Mc-
Manus was impressed by the 
strong control of his team, e -
pecially in the midfield area. 
UCSD exhibited its crisp, pos-
session passing game through-
out the match, rarely letting 
Pomona touch the ball beyond 
the midfield stripe. 

McManus singled out the 
play of his forward trio -lead-
ing scorers Heather Mauro, 
Felicia Faro, and sophomore 
Katy Dulock. 

"Our front three really 
played well today, and seemed 
to work especially welJ to-
gether," McManus said. "The 
team was quite pumped up from 
the start, and they went in with 
a great attitude." 

See W. SOCCER, page 22 

Women's Volleyball Swept 
By Division II Competition 
By DANIEL MACCABEE 
Contributing Writer 

UCSD women's volleyball 
team struggled through the week-
end,losing consecutive three-game 
matches to a pair of top-ranked Di-
vision IT rivals. 

struggled and saw the writing on 
the wall, letting Riverside cruise to 
a 15-2 win, and a 3-0 sweep in the 
lopsided match. 

Saturday night 's contest 
brought no relief for the over-
matched Tritons, as they were pit-

ted against the 
Friday night 

featured the 
three-time de-
fending Division 
III national 
champion Tri-

'Our next five [matches] 
should be wins, getting us 
ready for the upcoming re-
gional tournament. ' 

fourth-ranked 
Division II Cal 
State North-
ridge Matadors. 

The Tritons, 
as they did atthe 
end of the UCR 

-Head Coach 
Doug Dannevlk 

tons against 
number one-ranked UCRiverside, 
and Saturday ' s action saw the 
Tritons battle Cal State Northridge 
in a closer match. 

UC Riverside set the tempo for 
the entire weekend,jumping out to 
a 6-0 lead before the Tritons man-
aged to score a single point. UCSO 
cut the deficit by one at 9-4, but got 
no closer in the opening game, 
losing by a final score of 15-8. 

match, jumped to an early lead in 
game one. They executed all phases 
of their passing game and 
scrambled on defense to build a 6-

See V -BALL, page 17 

Brian Morris/Guardian 

Diana Klintworth (4) digs one here against Northridge, but UCSD 
needs to dig a bit deeper in order to defend its national title. 

The Tritons grabbed their fir t 
lead of the night in the second 
game when they scored the first 
point. It eventually proved to be 
their only lead, and one of their 
few points in game two, as UCR 's 
intense play, combined with nu-
merous Triton mistakes, allowed 
the top-ranked Division II team to 
coast to a 15-3 win. 

UCSD appeared to regroup and 
approach game three with a differ-
ent attitude. Starting outside-hitter 
Becky Palmer, a 5'11" junior, sol-
idly blocked a Highlander spike to 
give the Tritons a 1-0 lead. 

From that point on, the story 
read much the same, as the Tritons 

This Week's Intercollegiate Sports Attractions ... 
:wJW. 
Cross Country 
Fencing 
Soccer (M) 

Soccer (W) 
Swimming 
Volleyball (W) 

Water Polo (M) 

l!IUl 
UCSD INVITATIONAL 
Occidental & CSU Fullerton at Eagle Rock 
BIOLA 
REDLANDS (at Warren Field) 
LOYOLA MARYMOUNT 
CLAREMONT 
UCSD Intrasquad Pentathalon 
CAL STATE DOMINGUEZ HILLS 
BIOLA 
UCBERKELEY 
at Cluemont CoDeae Mini-Tournament 

HOMI EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

Du Iim.t 
Saturday 10:30 a.m. 
Saturday 1:00 p.m. 
Wednesday 3:00 p.m. 
Friday 3:00 p.m. 
Sunday 1:00 p.m. 
Frlclay 3:00 p.m. 
Saturday 8:30 a.m. 
FrIday 7:00 p.m. 
Saturday 7:88 p.m. 
FrIday 3:30 p.m. 
Saturday All Day 


