
Earth Craze 
AtUCSD 

-- .. ""'I" ~ .... ~ .. ~- ,rl"" 
• '. , "- _ •• , I,., .., '. ".~ 

The 
Havalinas 
The Future of Grassroots Music 

Men's Lacrosse 
Playoff Preview 
Tritons Face Irvine in First-Round Matchup Celebrating Earth Day 1990 

Features, page 8 Hiatus, page H4 Sports, page 12 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 70, NUMBER 6 THURSDAY, APRIL 19,1990 

John OurantiGuardian 
Student Steve Martinez collects his 1.0. card after voting in yesterday's election. 

Administration Ponders 
Change in Co-op Status 
By ANDREA ADLEMAN 
Sellior Staff Writer 

In the ongoing dispute between the UCSD 
student cooperatives and the university ad-
mini tration regarding space agreements, the 
administration has put contract negotiations 
on hold while aspects of the co-ops are re-
searched. 

In a letter to the University Center Board 
(UCB), University Center Director Jim Car-
ruthers said that certain "fundamental issues" 
emerged from the disagreement over key issu-
ance this chool year. The e issues led him to 
believe that keys were not the only point of 
contention. 

financial subsidy. 
The letter defines a consumer co-op as 

one in which "all students are guaranteed 
and have full access to decision-making 
solely by virtue of being students and 
consumers of the services of the co-op." 

A consumer co-op would not have to 
pay to use the campus recharge funding 
system and related services. This type of 
co-op would be controlled by students and 
be subject to "virtually no restrictions," 
according to Carruthers' letter. 

Astudent-runcampu business or erv-
ice would be subsidized Ie s than a con-
sumer co-op, and would be charged for 
university support services. In thi type of 
operation, "control and decision-making 
rest with student workers." 

Carruthers' letter state that a student-
oriellted campus business or ervice would 

See CO-OPS, page 7 

Duran, Langarica Also Win in Runoffs 

Edson Wins Presidency 
By ANTON BITTNER 
News Editor 

bulletin did not mention his name. 
Jennings aid that to amend the error 

which resulted in the invalidation of the first 
A meager 1,217 students - approxi- election, the Fifth College commuter board 

mately nine percent of the student popula- sent out another bulletin - but again ne-
tion - showed up at the polls yesterday to glected to add Jimenez' name. 
vote, and John Edson was chosen as the next Lane 's ch3rges were heard by the Elec-
ASUCSD president in the special runoff tions Committee Tuesday night, Jennings 
elections. Other runoff winners were Ruben said. The committee had not deliberated on 
Duran for A.S. vice president of administra- the matter as of pres time. 
tion and Sergio Langarica for A.S. vice Jennings al 0 mentioned that the com-
president of finance. mittee could not hear Jimenez's complaint 

The results of the Fifth College sopho- becauseitwasoutofitsjurisdiction.Jimenez 
more senatorial race were will have to go through Fifth 
withheld because of four new College to protest the elec-
charges of elections violations tion, she said. 
in that race - three filed by The results, released yes-
incumbent Fifth Freshman terday, showed lop ided vic-
Senator Suzy Lane against her tories by all of the winners: 
opponent Jose Jimenez and Edson beat Vanness Harris 
one against Lane by Jimenez. by a 14.8 percent margin, 

Yesterday 'S polling was Duran won by a margin of 11 
the second time the ballots percent over Mike Holmes, 
had been cast for that posi- Guardian File Pholo and Langarica scored the most 
tion, becau e the fir t results John Edson decisive win, taking 19 per-
were nullified by the Fifth College Judicial cent more of the vote than Karen Makkreel. 
Board last week due to election violations 
filed by Jimenez. According to Elections 
Manager Kathy Jennings, the election was 
invalidated because a Fifth College com-
muter bulletin encouraging commuters to 
vote failed to list Jimenez as a candidate, but 
did list Lane. 

The charges against Jimenez, filed by 
Lane on Tue day, accused him of three 
posting violation : posting on Pepper Can-
yon apartment resident advisor bulletin 
boards, putting more than one flyer on a 
bulletin board, and po ting before Sunday, 
the predetermined time for po ting to begin. 

Lane would not comment as to how much 
she thought the allegedly illegal postings 
had influenced voter. 

Jimenez 's econd complaint, filed after 
the polls do ed, made the arne accusation 
a his fir t complaint did - that a commuter 

Edson expressed excitement over his 
victory. but announced plans to go to work 
right away with the new council. 

"This is the beginning. I really want to 
get things tarted. I want this to be the most 
efficient council [UCSD] has ever had," 
Edson aid after learning of his victory. 

Edson plan to call the new council to-
gether for a meeting next Saturday, in which 
he plan to delegate project to the newly-
elected enators. 

Edson expressed optimism that the new 
council will not have the personal conflicts 
that he said handicapped the working rela-
tions of the past one. 

"This hould be one of the do est work-
ing councils we've had in a long time ... 
hopefully by having an exec. council which 
has worked together, and i experienced ... 

ee RU OFF, page 7 

According to Carruthers' letter, "the ques-
tion of the nature of the co-ops, their degree of 
autonomy, and independence from university 
policies and procedure " must be addressed 
prior to further contract discussions. The let-
ter tate that the co-ops will be offered a new 
version of the space agreement on May 4. 

The administration reque ted that the UCB, 
a group of students repre enting various on-
campus con tituencies, examine student in-
volvement in co-op deci ion-making. 

McKay, Mosley Appointed to A.S. Positions 
According to UCB Vice Chair Paul 

Eykamp, the administration is eeking to 
ensure that students, whose fees fund the co-
ops, have access to co-op decision-making. 

Carruther aid there was "room to ques-
tion (that idea],and that's why we want the co-
ops to 'ay where they stand." 

Carruthers' letter de cribe three general 
types of tudent operations: student-run con-
umer co-ops, tudent-run campus businesses 

and services, and tudent-oriented campu 
busines e and ervice. 

In the letter, Carruthers wrote that the cate-
gories are intended as "guideline tatements 
that clarify the nature f the co-op and their 
relations to the univer ify and provide the co-
ops with the choice of different degrees of 
independence within the framework of uni-
ver ity regulation ." 

arruther aidthattherea onforthemove 
to define the co-ops i that "we 're just trying 
to figure out what we've got becau e I don't 
think it ' what we started with." 

The three types of co-op would have vary-
ing degree of administrative re trictions and 

• 

By MARY BETTY HEARD 
Senior Staff Writer 

The ASUCSD Council unanimously 
appointed Vice President External-elect 
Molly McKay and Commis ioner of 
Academic Affairs-elect Annette Mos-
ley to their positions last night. 

McKay will replace ex-Vice Presi-
dent External Mishka Migacz, who 
resigned last week after a letter of 
complaint signed by three A.S. mem-
bers and one University Center Board 
member was filed with the A.S. Judicial 
Board. 

Vice President Administrative Alex 
Wong read excerpts from Migacz' s letter 
of re ignation at the A.S. Council meet-
ing, explaining that Migacz reSigned 
because of fami ly problems. 

After being appointed, McKay said, 
" . have worked in external before, 0 I 
really am confident about what needs to 
get done. Campaigning helped me 
understand the job better. And now I 
finally get to channel all my energy." 

Mosley will replace ex-Commissioner 
of Academic Affairs Darin Malloy, who 
resigned la t week due to family problem 
that kept him away from his position for 
extended periods of time. 

In other activity , the council alloted 
$2,000 from General Unallocated to the 
African-American Student Union (AASU). 

Of the $2,000, half will go toward facil -
ity rental fortheAASU Semi-Formal Dance, 
and half will go toward the AASU Black 
Recognition Ceremony. . 

"This is a way that we can keep the black 
students that are on campu here. We want 
the univer ity to know that we are here. The 
semi-formal is held 0 we can ... unify the 
people," Semi-Formal Committee Chair 
Michelle Shivers said. 

"The Black Recognition Ceremony is a 
tradition, a way of recognizing the achieve-
ments of African-American tudents who 
are graduating. We have the e traditional 
events a a way of holding on to our under-
graduate ,to say, • You can do thi. You can 
graduate, ,n aid Mary Fisher, the Black 
Recognition Committee chair. 

Michael Richardson , pre ident of 
AASU, noted that "We lose 50-100 stu-
dents a year because of the atmosphere 
here ... [we want] to show that there is 
more than academics here, that there is 
something to (stay] for." 

According to Mosley, who submitted 
the allocation request, an award will be 
given at the Black Recognition Ceremony 
for the bla k tudent with the highest 
GPA, and certificates will be given out to 
all graduating black students. 

After much debate, the A.S. Council 
also allocated $1 ,000 from the Short Term 
Interest Plan (STIP) for the A.S. Last 
Supper, an A.S. Council tradition. 

The$l ,000 will pay for dinner and tips 
at the Elephant Bar, certificates, awards, 
and invitations for all A.S. members, ex-
officio members, and advisor . 

Although the Last Supper is a tradition, 
orne members felt that spending $1,000 

on a dinner for themselve after turning 
down allocations due to lack of funds 
would be hypocritical. 

See A.S., page 7 



ce UC NEWS ) 
UCLA Professor Investigated on 
Charges of Nepotism, Embezzling 

LOS A GELES - Federal, local, and university au-
thorilles have launched independent investigations into 
claims that a UCLA engineering profes or embezzled 
more than $500,000 in universityre earch grants, accord-
ing to documents filed in Los Angeles County Superior 
Court . 

Two criminal investigallons have been documented in 
a related civil complaint that the UC Regents filed against 
Profes orCavourW.H. Yeh,ofUCLA's School of Eng i-
neering and Applied Science. The complaim claims he 
misused funds for almost a decade, beginning in 1978, by 
allegedly purcha ing overpriced technical equipmem for 
a company he co-owned and by paying family member 
for work they never did. Yeh, a tenured faculty member of 
the school's Electrical Engineering Departmem, has had 
his house searched and financial documents seized by in-
vestigators a part of probes being conducted by the Los 
Angeles County District Attorney 's Office and the U.S. 
Attorney's Office to determine whether criminal charges 
will be filed, according to civil court records. 

In addition, university officials acknowledged last 
week that the UCLA Academic Senate is conducting a 
confidential disciplinary review ofYeh's alleged facuhy 
code violations alld that the UCLA Internal Audit Depart-
ment is investigating the professor's research activities 

Yeh 's lawyer said last week that the professor' s repu-
tation as a senior member of the department and as a 
prolific publisher of resealch in fiber optics communica-
tions has suffered from "excessive" scrutiny, 

' 'This is truly an outrage," said the lawyer, Arthur 
Leeds. "UCLA claims he did all thi s stuff, they allege he 
didn't perform and that he pocketed the money, but he 's 
performed the research and won awards and been pub-
lished. 

"Here's a man who has devoted his entire professional 
life at UCLA. He ' spent a lot of time Irying 10 establish 
scholarships for minority students," Leeds said. ''This is 
not to say he'~ a saim. Everybody makes mistakes, and 
any mistakes he made here were minor." 

The Regents' lawsuit - filed March 15, 1989, but 
curremly on hold pending results of the criminal investi-

Calvin and Hobbes 

~ei \ao\<.l t 
the 'i>IS<;~ who 
dlcll'1 ~ sIgn I.Ip 
tor recess 
bo.sebali .' 

: ~I>.~ />'lL W~ Illt.S 
MIl> \:R.GI'. \ 2/>,110 I>.@ 
n:p.t.\S 1\",0 R/>, S 1 

SR:)R '5 
\ ~,~ 
--- ~ ~ 

or. ~eo,,, ' 
'(olicl rQtr.er 
plo~ dolls on 
\he pIQ~'l~1.l1)cj 1'1'" Slr ls . 

gations-claims Yeh led a "conspiracy" with his brother 
and two si ters to embezzle research funds while erving 
a a principal investigaror on several grant projects. 

Thecomplaint alleges the profc~ or, who had authority 
to request university funds for projects, falsified written 
solicitations for grants and violated university policy by 
concealing - and denying - the sibling relationship of 
family members he hired as employees. 

Both the lawsuit and the district attorney's investiga-
tion were prompted by a UCLA internal audit initiated in 
1988, lawyers and prosecutors said . 

Acting on information revealed in the audit, which has 
not been released because it is till being conducted, the 
district attomey 's Major Fraud Division began a c riminal 
investigation before the Regents filed their complaint, 
said Deputy District Attorney Reva Goetz, who is heading 
the case. 

Goetz declined to discuss the district attorney's case, 
saying only that the investigation is ongoing and that 
charges have not been filed . 

Some evidence obtained by the district attorney's 
office includes fi nancial records, property lists, letters, 
and appointment books seized from Yeh 's home as part of 
a earch warram conducted the day the civil com plaint 
was filed, according to an affidavit and inventory report. 

Meanwhile, UC attomey Christine Helwick, who is 
representing the Regents in mailers against Yeh, said the 
UCLA Academic Senate ' s Privilege and Tenure Com-
mittee has been holding hearings to review "very complex 
matters" urrounding Yeh's research. 

Committee members made several unspecified deci-
sions "acouple months back," Helwick said. She declined 
to elaborate. 

"Concerns have been brought up and have been subse-
quently resolved," Helwick said. "They have not finished, 
though." 

f-=~ '\ ~\111f' UCSD NEWS 
'" N ames of Holocaust Victims Will 
Be Read at Revelle Plaza Monday 

UCSD students and faculty will join with the interna-
tional community on Monday, April 23, by remembering 
the victims of Nazi persecution in World War II. 

The remembrance will consist of a recitation ofholo-
caust victim 's names. The memorial will begin at 8 a.m. 

Sure yO\l 
~efef\ t.' 

Le. me see 
YrJoJf BarbIe 
doll ~ol.J 
SI'SSy 'WImp' 

o\.\~o.' 
1'1-1 IN 
COOTIE 
CENTRN. ' 
I \\"~H\1 
I-\/>,O ~~ 
s001S : 

I'M NOr 1>, • 
WIMP' 11>\ FAC\, 
[ W~:> GOING 
a 1\\:' m:ncl 

TO SIc,N vP 
SP,<;(Bl\lL 

by Bill Watterson 

R£.lA)( . 
S\\lI'Il>I\~ />,IR ~IL~I< ' 
PRCl\)JCE.S MR FIlT£R' 
M''iI~\)It.S 

1 1'\G\lR'C. W\\£~ 1 WP,t\1 
1'1..1- JOIN 11\£ P,R""~ 
I>.Nl> ~\ Lt. 1>.';1 «.U 

P/>,I\) 

at Revelle Plaza and will continue until 8 p.m. A memoria 
service will take place at noon. 

Medal-Winning Classical Trio Set 
To Perform at Mandeville Saturday 

The Beaux Arts Trio will perfonn at UCSD at 8 p.m. 
Saturday, April 2 1, in the Mandeville Auditorium. 

The program will include Haydn 's Trio ill E Flat 
Major, Ravel's Trio ill A millor, and Schubert's Trio ill B 
Flat Major. Op. 99. 

In more than three decades of travel throughout North 
America, Europe,Japan, South America, the Middle East, 
Australia, and New Zealand, the Beaux Arts Trio has won 
praise from audiences and critics. At a 30th anniversary 
celebration at Indiana University in September 1985, 
President Ronald Reagan commended the trio 's artistry, 
awarding each member with a special s ilver medal. 

Tickets for the Beaux Art Trio are $18 for general 
admission and $9 for students, and may be purchased 
from the Box Office. 

Wheelchair All-Star Game to Be 
Held in UCSD Gym This Weekend 

The Southern California Wheelchair Basketball Asso 
ciation All-Star Game will take place in the Main Gym on 
Saturday at 3 p.m. A celebrity free throw contest will be 
held during the event . Student tickets will cost $3 in 
advance and $7.50 at the door. The event will feature the 
the Sharp Renegade Women 's Wheelchair Basketball 
Team. 

Prize-Winning Author Slated to 
Give Robert Elliot Lecture Monday 

Author and essayist Henry Louis Gates Jr., winner of 
the MacArthur Prize and currently the W.E.B . DuBois 
Professor of Literature and African Studies at Cornell 
University, will deliver the annual Robert C. Ellio 
Memorial Lecture at 8 p.m . on Monday, April 23 in the 
Price Center Theater. 

The title of his talk is "On Transforming the American 
Mind: Race and the Canon." The lecture is free and open 
to the public. 

Gales is the author of two books and numerous essays 
The books are: Figures in Black: Word, Signs, alld the 
Racial Self and The Signifying MOl/key: Towards a The 
ory of Afro-American Literary Criticism. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason Snell, Associate News Editor 

GulSk.)IAN 
PH&. GRUEN, EdIkH In ChIef 
R08I'I MAC LEAH, IIMag/tIg Editor 
ANTON BITTNER, '*- Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, Auoc'-* OpInion Edllor 
DAVID BURKHART, OpInion Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Spom Edllor 
JAIES COLLIER, FMuIN Editor 
CATltERINE DlUE, ~ Editor 
RANDY DOTlNGA, Copy EdltOf' 
DOREEN ERENEA, A.-.,. F_ ure. Editor 
PATRICIA JETTIE, HMlus Editor 
GAIL JOHNSON, AUQCI.,. ""010 Edilor 
PETER KO, AuochIt. SpotU Edllor 
HELENA LEHG LOH, A_I.,. Hiatus Editor 
JEFF QUAN, GtapIr'" Editor 
JASON SNELL, AuocJa,. NMv. Editor 
RIMAS UZGIRIS, l'ttoIo Editor 
Senlor SIItII WrI1III: Andrea Adleman. Mary Belly H .... d. CIYidna HuIzar. Brian 
«ow. SetI1 SIal«. AOOIgy Lyn W",leIer. David Wyn« 
SIIIIWrtte!a:John Asunclco. Mi<e Berta. Wall« Bins. Er1c Blotio. L.es BnrIoid. Scoit 
Gasme<, Plerr. de GalIande. Malinda Hamilton. Julie Helmler. Glace Lea. Adam 
LeoIY. Dave Undstrom,Jamas Mullnar,Josh Odintz. Maria Paslemal<. David Policha. 
Mam- Rasband. Tom RluuU. Andrew Ao/:j)ins. Matt AocI1ios. Uor Aozervnan. 
Srinalh Sanda. Michael Schwartz. Doug ShaddIa. Linda Spharier. Chris Sleins, Jean 
Suzuki. Kevin Twer, NIcola Whllehead, Je" Vamaguctl 
PIIoIogrophers; Michael Arnie!, Glog Benes • .Ianni KoIsIIy. C«y lJdscI1In. Ed Urn, 
Frat'/( wm. s... Mapo$. Brian Morris. Jaime Muldoon. John Oural1~ Ol/Tyl Vee. Felix 
Zuniga 
llullrlloB: Mille Cavna, Milo Ccqler. Tony FuenlBs, Carin Law. Mel Marcelo. Leigh 
Ame McConnaughey, Katy Roe. Tyrome Tripoli 
TypioII: larry Bacharach, Kari BIckeIt, Melissa Fawl. Jim Muliner 
Cop, "-lIn: Holy Coqlar'. Glag Hult$lull8r. Julia PUlon. Jessie Springer 
ProcIuctI ... : Tracy Ilrown. Grace Ctu. Meinda HamltQn. Jeff Yamaguchi T,.... DIrtctors: SefI S_. Oa'fid Wyner 
Contr1butlng EdlIn: Lara Hoi • • Jonnife< Yorcey 

BOB DeANDREA, Busl,... Mall8f111r 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Mansger 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advert/. 'ng Deslgntlr 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CI ... NI«J /lepre. nlsl lve 
AccounI ElIICUave: Oa¥id Wyner 
~alng AIaI'lInt: Leanne BeIongIe 
Clrculltlon: JoII1 OIVldo. Joe Lea. M"hello Randall 
7IIf t.CSOGuoniianlspubilshod Mondlvul'd Thursdaysdurir'4! rht academcy .. Oy 8IlCI 
lor rht_olUCSD. AopoduCllorHIIV1Is __ "anylorm,wholher inwtoltor 
in J*1. _ permission 10 $1rlc1Iy ~oI1i>led. C 1990. &II rig"1S rosorvOd. 
1711 UCSO GuItrIiIIIl II not rtll)(\r\Stlll for'" return 01 unso\1etMd ~ or lit. The 
_ tlCPl_ in grapfIico and oignod Itn.,.. or commonlaries do "'I ne<oIOIrIIy repr .. 
_1hI"""'" of 1711 CX;SD Guaniiat1.1ht UW ..... IyOf C .. lorria or rht Assoclllod S ... 
donI$olUCSD. 

Editorial: 534·6580 Business: 534-3466 Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD Guardian, B-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Thursday, April 19, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Congressman Discusses Middle East 
By DEBBIE ROSENTHAL 
Staff Writer 

United States Congressman 
Tom Lantos appeared last Wed-
nesday night in the Price Center 
auditorium to pre ent a lecture on 
"America 's Interest in the Middle 
East." The hour-long speech, which 
was essentially a synopsis ofLan-
tos' views regarding the future of 
the conflicts among the nations in 
the Middle East, was spon-
C"l'u'aA h" thA Th tt"A rnllp(Jp. 
'"'V I .... 1oJ V) ~.,..., J. " " ..... -"". 4 ~b""" 

Provost and UCSO's Israeli 
Action Committee. 

Lantos, a UC Berkeley 
graduate and former San 
Francisco State professor, 
represents the II th district of 
California, located in San 
Mateo County. Lantos is a 
Holocaust survivor and has 
studied the Arab world for 40 
years. He is presently an ac-
tive member of both the 
House Subcommittee on Eu-
rope and the Middle East and 
the House Foreign Affairs 
Comminee, and has visited 
Syria, Jordan, and Egypt. 

The main idea Lantos con-
veyed throughout the lecture 

their immediate involvement in the 
Middle East. He glorified the 
United States as a role model for 
nations struggling against oppres-
sive governments. 

"We have to playa very signifi-
cant role in this arena," Lantos 
said. According to him, democ-
racy and pluralism "basically have 
been our products, our exports ... 
the values thatthisnation is known 
for. " 

Lantos described his sentiment 
regarding the Middle East c ri sis as 
"guarded optimism." He e labo-
rated on this idea by explaining 
that while he saw no solutions in 
the nearfuture, he felt "enormously 
optimistic for the long run." 

During the question-and-an-
swer period that followed , the 
audience was, without exception, 
respectfully c ritical of the 
congressman'sopinions. Although 

most claimed to share Lan-
tos' optimism, audience 
members expressed iht:i. 
concern that his view was 
too limited, focusing entirely 
on the political conflict with-
out sufficient consideration 
for other causes of tension in 
the Middle East, such as ra-
cism and differing econo-
mies. 

Lantos responded to the 
c riticism by retuming to the 
notion of political ideology. 
He in isted that a transfor-
mation of Arab leadership 
into pluralistic systems is the 
ultimate solution, and that 
all other conflicts would nec-
essarily di si ntegrate as a 
result of such a change. 

was that the recent changes U.S. Congre ssman Tom Lantos 
in Eastern Europe and the in-
creasing number of uprisings 
against dictatorial regimes across 
the globe (Lantos referred to China 
and South Africa in particular) are 
part of a pattern that developed 
throughout history; therefore, the 
Middle East will eventually follow 

" I am convinced that un-
til and unless Arab popula-

tions in Syria, Iraq, and Jordan are 
allowed the kinds of opening-up 
which today we are applauding in 
Europe, the fundamental tension 
of the area will remain just as the 
fundamental tension ... remained 
in Europe. 

suit. 
"The face of Europe has 

changed," he explained. "The face 
of U.S ./Soviet re lations has 
changed '" It is naive to [think 
that the progressio n towards plu-
ralism] in the Middle East will 
remain frozen." 

Lantos also strongly advocated 
the democratization of govern-
ments worldwid e , describing 
multi-party political systems and 
democracy as "civilized" and re-
ferri ng to the United States and 
Western Europe as " the more 
developed portions of the globe. " 

In contrast, Lantos labeled to-
tali tarian police states as "cynical" 
and " ruthless," and equated Iraqi 
President Saddam Hussein with 
Adolf Hitler. 

"The notion that the Middle East 
will float by itself [in the face of a 
changing world) is contrary to all 
historic experience and evidence. 
The trend is clear - the United 
States, United Europe, Japan, 
Australia, Canada, and others are 
all moving in the other direction. It 
is not feasible [that the nations of 
the MiddleEast will] preserve these 
archaic, totalitarian, dictatatorial 
structu res. " 

Lantos also outli ned his inte r-
pretation of the distinct roles played 
by the superpowers with regards to 

Lantos claimed that the role of 
Soviet leadership contributes to 
the current situation in the Middle 
East, and suggested that the Sovi-
ets aid in eliminating conflict 
among Arab and Israeli nations. 

Lantos explained that due to 
increasingly worsening economic 
conditions, the Soviet Union sim-
ply could not continue to provide 
Arab countries with arms. 

" Is it in Gorbachev 's interes.t to 
de-escalate tensions in the Middle 
East? My answer is unquestiona-
bly: 'yes,'" L antos said. 

"Pol ice states in the Middle East 
and in China have their days 
numbered . ... They will simply 
not be able to develop ... living with 
the technology of the 21 st century, 
while maintaining a totalitarian 
system worthy of the M iddle 
Ages," Lantos concluded. 

Lights & Sirens 
Selected entries from the UCSD Police log book from April 13-17: 
Frlday, Aprll13 
8:15 a.m.: A construction company reported vandalism to a con-
struction vehicle at the south e nd of Johns Hopkins Drive. Loss: 
$1,000. 
Saturday, AprIl 14 
2:30 p.m.: Three vehicles were damaged as a result of a car fire in 
parking lot 305. No injuries were reported. 
SUnday, April 15 
3:40 a.m.: Tires were slashed on three vehicles parked in parking lot 
310. Loss: $480. 
8:20 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a 1987 Hyundai from 
parking lot 305. Loss : $3,000. 
Monday, AprIl 16 
10:40 a.m.: A 1985 Ford Escort was impounded for receiving exces-
sive citations,. , 
2;05 p.m.: The CM Cate reported the theft of a banner that was 
hanging from the Main Gym. Loss: $120. 
4:05 p.m. : A female student reported receiving harassment from a 
male student in parking lot 401 . 
Tueeday, April 17 
6:06 p.m.: A student reported a theft of $200 in cash from the Third 
residence halls. 
6:28 p.m.: A 19-year-old student was arrested for indecent e xposure 
a t Central Library. The student was cited a nd released. 

r--------------------, I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I TRIM & TAN, UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct, • 455-0909 
I Pacific Beach • MissionVllley , State College , Sports Arena 
- - ---- ------------ ---

: Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
I European Body Wrap - Only $48 
I Not a ~rary water loss. Reduce C8lJ1II and stretch nlIIkI. ClllIor dIIaIIs ' 2nd 30 WI dIyI $:18.11" FIst·time .. 

I 
I 

e.-~ 
L ____________________ ~ 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

( \111"IIR"1 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
J838 Camioo Del Rio 

Nortb'315 

NEWS 3 

•.............. ~ .~ ..• 
• • • When You 
: BuyAny ~~ 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• ~ 
• 
• 

PIZZA 
PASTA or 
SANDWICH, 

weIll give you soup or salad 
As usual 

,." CAM"" 
NUVlIT 

and a beverage 
(wine & beer included) 

'0 yqtlll POOIt FREE! (save up to $3.30) H_n. M.n. Ilam·Mid. 
F.Sot. Ilam· lam 
Sun. II :3Oam'MicI 

Dine-in only for rhl~ special offer 
Please present coupon when ordering. ExpIres 51j1l)() 

-. - ;., - . - 8873 Villa ~Jolla Dr . £ajolla Vii/age Center 

• 455·0662 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• UCSD's original Pizzeria Is still/be best! • •.. __ ._ .............• 

• loser Printing 
• Fa x 
• Typewriters 

• PI 

let Us Earn Our Stripes! 
_-_AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ .. 

7rJM:S Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service a Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
~ ............... I ......................... I .......... ~ 

I 200/0 ~~!!?~~5~T· I ' Must present coupon and valid UCSD ID at tlm~ of estimate. 
I Not valid with r:1ajor engine Of transmission repairs. 

I r~l CALL IBC l!,J 1450-94941 _.,,, alE _ w'_~._r 
If You Have Friends with Ws, Ask Them 

About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 

5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT nlE 

I 
I 

I 
I 
I 

I 



4 OPINION T he UCSD Guardian 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARD/AN Editorial B oard 

PH IL GRUEN, Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN. Managing Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
ANTON BrTT ER, News Editor 
DA VID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

The UCSD Guard,on is published ,,,,,,ice 'NCCkly II the UnlVer5I1)' of California. San Diego. ConlenlS C 1990. 
Views e'pressed herein represent (he maJOflty vOle of Ihc editorial board. and are not nccc:ssarily thoseoflhc 
UC Board of Resent. lhe ASUCSD. nor the enlire GlMVdiott stAff. 

!=Rrlh na u 
- ... a. ' "ul 

Realistic Solutions 
Earth Day is April 22, and it's s urrounded by a great deal of 

hype. That's not necessarily bad; for many years, the environ-
mental movement was perceived as a bunch of tree-hugging 
radical whose solutions to ecological problems were unrealistic. 
This perception began partly because many environmentalists 
were tree-hugging radicals w hose solutions to environmental 
problems were unrealistic, but things have changed. 

They ' ve changed primarily because the radicals were right 
about the problems: the environment was in c ritical danger, and 
in the 20 years since the first Earth Day, terms such as " the 
Greenhouse Effect" and " Ozone Depletion" have become famil-
iar. Environmental groups such as Greenpeace are basking in the 
glow of trendiness, and President Bush said he wanted to be the 
"environmental pre ident." 

But one of the problems is that the solutions aren' t much better 
than they were two decades ago. The environmental movement 
is marked by an "over there" effect. This effect was evident in the 
anti-apartheid movement, which concentrated on the visible 
racism "over there" in South Africa, while large ly ignoring the 
tragic state of the black underclass in America. 

In the case of the envi ronmental movement, many people are 
happy to preach to Third World countries that they shou ld not de-
stroy their rain forests and tell Japan 
and Russia to stop whaling, while 
they drive around in large cars 
and drink coffee from Styrofoam 
c ups. Pogo (the old, real Walt 
Kelly Pogo, not the new one) 
said, " We has mel the enemy 
and it is us." Kelly pointed out 
the enemy two decades ago, but 
we are still irresponsible. 

There are realistic solutions to envi-
ronmental problems, and more must be 
found quickly. Much environmental damage is permanent. The 
rain forests cannot be easily replaced, and the species which are 
destroyed when the forests bum can never be replaced. 

On the large cale, nations must be given economic incentives 
to conserve the environment. Latin America is burdened by huge 
debt, and servicing that debt requires producing as much as 
possible, even if it means destroying rain forests and then scratch-
ing out a meager crop from the poor soil left over. Part of the 
solution to the Third W orld debt crisis must include incentives for 
these nations to save their forests , which are so critical to 
maintaining the world's climate. 

There is no question that the rain forests must be used commer-
cially. But there are commercial uses which nunure, rather than 
destroy, the forests. Many ofthe plants and animals have medici-
nal uses. For example, the poison from a certain tree frog is being 
explored for use in treating epilepsy. Grants LO scientists explor-
ing these possibilities and loans to companies attempting to fmd 
non-destructive uses for the forests would go a lot further than a 
hundred protests in the United States. 

Back home, the Environmental P rotection Agency, which will 
soon be a cabinet -level department, must act both more often and 
more responsibly. The current method of fines is inadequate; the 
government should charge corporations a fee for every unit of 
pollution they put into the environment. This would make them 
work to reduce poll ution at every level , instead of ju st reducing 
it to the legal limit. 

These are a couple of economically realistic solutions to 
pollution, but the most important change m ust take place with 
each of us - the enemy Pogo pointed out. Large corporations 
may be easy targets, but it is individuals who were going to put 
the oil from the Exxon Valdez in their cars so they could drive to 
work alone. It is individuals who change their oil in the driveway 
and then let it run into the street, into the sewer, and fina:Jy into 
the ocean . There are hundreds of changes individuals Can make 
to reduce chemicals in the environment, lower ai r pollution, 
minim ize their garbage, and so on. These changes are the tough 
ones; they don' t involve peasant farmers hundreds of miles away, 
or evil, seal-clubbi ng goons. They involve us, and our lifestyles. 
They involve giving up everyday conveniences. 

But we don ' t really have any choice. 

Vandalism of Equipment Was Childish 
Editor: 

I am a full -time student here at 
UCSD, as well as being the wife 
of the subcontractor doing the site 
clearing and excavation work at 
Central Library. I would like to 
illuminate some issues for tho e 
nf"nll \l / h ..... n ... o .. n .... t.. ' _ ... _ ,, ___ .L-
v ... J ..... w .... val"" uuaUIC lO !)CC lI le 
forest for the trees." 

We are a contracting company 
doing ajob forthe 

lem with the Central Library ex-
pansion, which incidentally will 
provide all of you with a land-
scaped, grassy knoll with a num-
ber of new trees, you must take it 
up with the UC Regents. 

When you take it upon your-
seives to vandai Ize our equipment, 
those costs must be passed on in 
pan to the customer. In this case, 

the time. 
Those of you who have en-

gaged in these activities are a 
bunch of cowards, slinking around 
atnight, destroying propeny which 
does not belong toyou. ¥ ou are no 
bellerthan the person who rips off 
your bike or car stereo. If you had 
any guts at all , you'd come for-
ward and take full responsibility 

for your actions 
University c, f 
California, which 
has cho en to ex-
pand Central Li-
brary, enabling it 
to house more re-

Those of you who have engaged in these activities 
are a bunch of cowards, slinking around at night, 
destroying property which does not belong to you. 

and suffer the con-
seque nces, in-
stead of creating 
anarchy and im-
peding the course 

sources for those of you who write 
term papers, do research, and gen-
erally avail yourselves of the 
amenities of the library in pursu-
ing a higher education. We did 
not choose to cut the trees down in 
a so-called " rape of the environ-
ment." Weare simply performing 
a job, which in turn generates 
income, which allows us to pay 
our mortgage and support our two 
children, just as many of you wiiI 
endeavor to do when you gradu-
ate. 

The vandali m which has oc-
curred to our equipment is a 
demonstration of the immature, 
myopic view some of you have 
chosen to adopt and is most cer-
tainly incongruous with the 
achievement of a more complex 
thought process, which is pre-
sumably Of1e of the goals of going 
to college. Your narrow-minded, 
no-growth beliefs are exactly the 
same type of tenet which will 
prohibit the majority of you from 
being able to afford a nice home in 
a desirable neighborhood in San 
Diego. 

Your cowardly, vigilante ac-
tions are mi sguided and misdi-
rected. When you grow up and get 
out into the real world, you will 
find that change, whether accept-
able to yo u or not, must occur 
;hrough a democratic process and 
must confine itself to staying 
within the laws which have been 
established. If you have a prob-

BENSON 

the university. Since your fees pay 
for improvements to the un iver-
sity, you are gelling less for your 
money. Not only have you eco-
nomically impacted yourselves, 
but you have affected myself and 
my fami ly, for my husband is not 
working while we are repairing 
the damage to our equipment. 

If you really are concerned 
about the environment, your ener-
gies would be more appropriately 
expended in otherpositiveendeav-
ors, like picking up trash on the 
beach or right here at UCSD, which 
looks like a pig sty the majority of 

of progress which 
directly benefits the majority of 
the student body. 

Funhermore, I am offering up 
to a $1,000 reward for infonna-
tion lead ing to the arrest and con-
viction of the party or pan ies re-
sponsible for destroying ourequi p-
ment. Information can be given to 
the UCS D Police Department, 
where it will be forwarded to the 
appropriate panies. 

And to those of you who are 
responsible, I certainly hope you 
grow up to be better parents than 
you are children. 

Karolyn McDowell 

Misunderstanding the ANC 
Editor: 

During his recent visit to Namibia, Secretary of State James Baker 
dealt a serious blow to the evolution of democracy in South Africa. 
According to the New York Times, Mr. Baker stated that it should be the 
Bush Administration 's policy to give American aid to the African 
National Congress (ANC) "as it did Solidarity in Poland and opposition 
panics in Nicaragua." 

This favorable comparison of Solidarity and UNO to the ANC not 
only reveals Mr. Baker's lack of understanding of the historical evolu-
tion of these groups, but seems to imply that it is now Uni ted States 
policy to support Marxism in southern Africa! 

Truly democratic movements do not call for the nationalization of 
industry and a centralized state economy. They do not claim to be the 
sole representative of the people, burn ing to death , by "necklacing," all 
"collaborators" and "traitors" who do not agree with them. They do not 
call upon the people to increase violence and "make the nation ungov-
ernable" in the name of the revolution , and they do not consider them-
selves to be brothers in arms with the Communist party. 

Mr. Baker, of all people, should be able to recognize these distinct 
differences. 

Tom W. Rummel 

"OF ALL THE VIRTUES WHlCH 
HEAVEN HAS TO GIVE, 

MAY IT BE WITH UNDER-
STANDING THAT WE LIVE" 

· H.w. Bliss 

, 

Ryan White. 
197Hcro 

\ \\ 

.' 

Thunday,ApriJ 19,1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Why the Sprinklers Water the Concrete at UCSD Wasting Water 
at Muir Quad 

Editor: 
The other day, as I was wading through 

a small river created by the Regents' sprin-
klers, l suddenly reali zed the importance of 
watering the cement. We were silly stu-
dents to think that over-watering was for 
the purpose of wasting our money or con-
tributing to the drought. Quite the contrary! 
Over-watering the 

Why, just the other day, I could have sworn 
that the Warren Apartments had grown at 
least another inch due to the recent rain 
combined with copious amounts of sprin-
kler water. 

Students, faculty, you need to learn to 
appreciate those streams of water going 
past the newly-sprouted engineering build-

first steel shoots of what will obviously be 
a grand building. The fence looks quite 
healthy already, even though it has to grow 
in the harsh conditions of real grass and 
soil. It seems like only a few months have 
passed since water seen flowing over the 
concrete foretold of the arrival of a new 
building. This is an incredible area we live 

in; where else but on 

EdItor: 

little patches of 
grass serves a far 
greater purpose. 

When that puri-
fied Colorado and 
Northern California 
water fills the local 
watertable to capac-
ity and starts to over-

When that purified Colorado and Northern California 
water fills the local water table to capacity and starts to 
over-flow onto the cement, It creates a chain reaction 
which brings glorious new things into existence. Yes 
folks, watering the cement makes buildings grow! 

the UCSD campus 
can we grow so much 
from something so 
minor as half of 
California 's water 
supply? 

There is obvi-
ously no need ever 

We would like to congratulate 
Muir College's celebration of l::arth 
Week. and John Muir Week by water-
ing the Muir Quad at high noon on a 
SUOOY, windy day. We' re sure the 
people at the orange tables in front of 
M.O.M. appreciated the free shower. 

This all comes the day after the 
Metropolitan Water District asked 
for mandatory water restrictions from 
San Diego County divisions. Way to 
goMu1r! 

flow onto the cement, it creates a chain 
reaction which brings glorious new things 
into existence. Yes folks, watering the 
cement makes buildings growl 

We can no longer complain about the 
various river systems that are created daily 
(rain or shine) by the sprinkler systems. 

ing. Forifyou look across tlte way, you will 
notice that a new building is rapidly grow-
ing. This building will help our bureauc-
racy prosper, for it is obvious that its 
compartments will be offices. 

If you take a short walk over to what 
used to be Urey Lawn, you will notice the 

A Taxing Idea: IRS Lottery? 
NEW YORK - As America struggles with its Great Tax hangover, as customers are 

peeled off the walls ofH & R Block offices in shopping malls across the land, as emergency 
service paramedics cart the last remaining basket cases out of regional post offices, it is time 
once again to offer to America an idea whose time has come: a national tax lottery . 

Let us look at a few, apparently disconnected, facts and see how they fit together: 
Item: Tens of billions of dollars a year in taxes due to the U.S. government go 

uncollected because it is simply too easy to cheat the government. 
Neither Congress nor the administration wants to spend more money on IRS inforce-

ment , largely because the IRS is marginally less popular than Abu Nidal, Fidel Castro and 
the late Ayatollah. 

Item: In our time, the real American dream is not striving and succeeding, but hitting it 
big without effort - specifically, win-
ning the lottery. Jeff Greenfield Whenever the state 
payoffs reach really big numbers , a s 
happened in New Universal Press Syndicate York recently, the 
lines of the hopeful . stretch for hours. 

The same people who would not 
waste 10 seconds buying a ticket for a $3 million payoff will kill their lunch hour in order 
to buy a chance on a $35 million bonanza, often spending a fair-sized chunk of the weekly 
paycheck for tickets. 

Item: In our time, the real American nightmare is missing out on a chance for the big 
payoff through some minor oversight. 

"You got to be in it to win it," went one of the more cynical ads for the New York state 
lottery, and that appeal brings them to the million-dollar slots at Vegas and Atlantic City. 

What I propose Is a national taxpayer lottery, with 
winners drawn at random from among the ranks of 
all individuals filing returns. The big winners -
maybe 20, maybe 50, maybe 100 - would get $50 
million, tax-free, payable in one deliciolls lump 

~um - none of this 20-year annuity nonsense. 

"What in pass it by and the very next spin produces the big payoff?" the reasoning goes. 
Now put these disconnected notions together and what do you have? A painless way 

to bring tens of billions of dollars back into the national coffers without raising taxes one 
red cent. 

What I propose is a national taxpayer lottery , with winners drawn at random from among 
the ranks of all individuals filing returns. The big winners - maybe 20, maybe 50, maybe 
100- would get $50 million, tax-free, payable in one delicious lump sum - none of this 
20-year annuity nonsense. 

A few thousand other tax payers would get lesser prizes, ranging from four to six figures. 
The catch? Wiooing individuals would be subject to an IRS audit for that one filing only, 
to make sure that the returns were according to Hoyle. If a materially false return were to 
be discovered, that taxpayer would lose his winnings. 

Why would this work? Think of what happens to a reasonably intelligent person when 
the lottery jackpots grow huge. He will spend $50 or $100 he does not have; he will give 
up an hour or two of his time, just for the chance to win. Now assume someone is jobbing 
the government out of a few hundred dollars in unrepotted income. He realizes that if he 
should win the lottery and his misdeed is discovered, he would be out not simply acivil fine , 
but $50 million. 

Would a taxpayer take the risk? I doubt it. I believe that a substantial amount of hidden 
income would suddenly surface, not because of the incentive created by the dream of 
winning it big. 

And, since any audit would involve only that one year - a form of "tax amnesty" for 
past misdeeds - there would be no rea on to fear accurate reporting in the hopes of 
winning. 

Will a nationalta)(payer lottery cure the deficit? Of course not. Might it help? I think so. 
Is it worth trying? Why not? 

again to harass those 
poor overworked folks at physical plant 
(534-2930 or 534-24(4) when they leave 
the sprinklers on during a thunderstonn or 
when there is an 80 percent chance of rain. 
They are obviously paying close attention 
to the weather. They know that by leaving 
the sprinklers on, they are contributing to 
the glorious expansion of our campus. 

How naive we were to think that the 
Regents are wasting water. The small sac-
rifice of a few billion gallons serves the 
greater purpose of refuting and expanding 
the quality of our cement. It is the cement 
that we should worry about; Is it healthy? Is 
it growing fast enough? We need to come to 
grips with our own petty fears of a drought 
and understand that watering the cement is 
a necessary and wonderful way of contrib-
uting to the growth of this exceptional 
cement learning institution. 

Jackson Maddux 

Adam Fisher 
JanaCarey 

A Meaningless 
Complaint 
Editor: 

I would like to complain, and I under-
stand that the Guardian is a good place to 
air one's grievences. 

I haven ' t been feeling too well lately. 
My sinuses have been clogged and my 
lower back is slightly achy. Idon 't like this, 
and I don ' t think it should continue. 

I realize thatthis letter is probably of no 
particular interest to anyone and comes 
ent irely out of the blue, but I j ust wanted it 
to fi t in with the rest of them. 

Greg Knauss 

Soviet Speaker Underpublicized 
Editor: 

An article in the April ] 2 Guardian notes a " lack of student participation" in the pro-
Lithuanian rally in cooocction with the talk by Gennady Gerasimov on April 10. I suggest 
that the poor student attendance may in part be due to a lack of publicity for the event-
I, for one, did not see any announcement of it. 

As a EuroJ>C8ll, I am very interested in the recent developments in Easle~ Europe, and 
I was upset to learn that I had missed an opportunity to hear a high-ranking Soviet official 
speak simply because the organizers neglected to publicize the talk as much as it deserved. 

Nici Schraudolpb 

rite UCSD Guardian welcomes your letters and commentaries. 
Drop your ....... at the Guardian offices (on the second Roor 
of the Student Center, where the A.S. offices used to be) or 
mail it to: 

Opinion Editor, rite Guardian, 
8-016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Letters should be typed, double-spaced, and should include 
a signature and phone number. 
We reserve the right to edit letters 
for length and clarity. Deadline for 
letters for Monday's issue is noon 
on Friclay. Deadline for Thursday's 
issue. is noon Monday. 



6 OPINION 

mail services 
etal 

Mail box rentals, FAX, 
UPS, stamps, business 
cards, word processing, 
inoney orders and more! 

Mon.-Fri. 
9-6 
Saturdays 
10.2 

7094 Miramar Rd. 
Ste. 121 

689-8182 

r-------, I 50¢ OFF I 
any I ups. FAX. or typing serviees I 

L ExpiTeo 5131/90 I 
-------.. 

Cosmetic & Family 
DENTISTRY 
Take the bite out 

of your dental concerns 
274-BlTE 
274-2483 

:Harriet 'F SeMin, fJJ.')v(.fJJ. 
CHAMPUS & most 
insurance accepted 
After work / After class 

and Saturday appointmen)s 

4453 Clairemont Mesa "rd. 
(corner of Genesee) 

Make every day 
Earth Day 

Summer Campaigns 
for the Environment 

Eam$2500-$3500. Help pa~the 
Clean Air Act , tighten pesticide 

controls, and promme com pre-

hen~ive recycling. Available in 

18 stale~ & D.C. 

CallKaleat: 1-800-75-EARTH.. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 19, 1990 

BENSON 

GRADUATION ANNOUNCEMENTS 
NOW ON SALEI 

UNIVERSITY 

I IIIIIl'i-"Il:.I 

.65 each 
or a pack of 10 

for $5.75 

available 
at the 

University 
Bookstore 

Name card printing 
PLAN Quantity Price 

One Line A1 • 1-25 $8.00 A2 26-50 10.00 PLANA A3 51-75 12.00 

Two Lines 
81 1-25 $10.00 
B2 26-50 12.00 

PLANB B3 51-75 14.00 
C1 1-25 $12.00 

Three Lines C2 26-50 14.00 
PLANe C3 51-75 16.00 

C4 76-100 18.00 

Thursday, April 19, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

CO-OPS 
Continued from page 1 
receive Iitlle or no financial subsidy and 
could be run by non-students. The business 
would also be charged for campus services. 

"In turn, it would have ... greater free-
dom from university procedures and over-
sight," Carruthers wrote. 

The co-ops feel that the first priority of 
the administration must be a space agree-
ment. 

"What we' re trying to do right now is to 
get the students and the student govern-
ments to say, 'Look, put the lease back on 
the table. The issue is not what the co-ops 
are,' .. Groundwork Collective member S.R. 
Jones said. 

"If we let them pursue their agenda of 
redefining the co-ops, what we're going to 
end up with is a situation where they basi-
cally either price us off campus or put so 
many restrictions on our activities that we 
either become completely subservient to the 
administration or just throw up our hands 
and get off campus because we can't handle 
the cost of staying here," Jones said. 

belong to the co-ops," he said. 
Co-op members accuse the administra-

tion of employing a double standard when 
dealing with the co-ops. 

"We were pushing through the correct 
channels," Food Co-op member Ben Reis-
berg said. "We were playing their game and 
they're pulling all these tricks ... ltseems to 
methat there's rules for students and there's 
rules for administrators." 

The administration denies any inequity 
in its handling of the dispute. 

"We' re trying to make sure we under-
stand the scope of the co-op activity," Car-
ruthers said_ "( think that [the co-ops) broad-
ened the question ... so we're simply re-
sponding." 

Co-op supporters, however, expressed 
frustration at what they percei ve as unre-
sponsiveness by the administration. 

"I think this is a really good example of 
the utter contempt with which the admini-
stration holds students' opinion or anybody 
else's opinion for that matter," Jones said. 

"They'll sit there in their office and you 
can send them letter after letter, you can 
make phone call after phone call, you can 
deli ver petitions, you can get the faculty to 

go down, you can get legislators to call, and 
you don't get a response ... they just don't 
care. They don't have to care," she said. 

Members of the Food Co-op and Ground-
work Books feel that classification is a stall 
tactic aimed at allowing the administration 
to delay space agreement negotiations until 
sumtner when few students are on campus. 
They suspect that the administration would 
then initiate a transition to new student 
operations - an action that they believe 
would amount to eviction. 

Watson said he is committed to resolving 
the space agreement issue by the eighth 
week of this quarter. 

Referring to the "clear dates fordirection 
and decision" specified in his letter, Car-
ruthers said that using classification as a 
stall tactic is " not an intent." 

Despite Carruthers' assurances, the co-
ops and A.S. President John Ramirez be-
lieve that summer eviction is a possibility. 

"It could happen," Ramirez said. "That's 
why it's real important that we go ahead and 
deal with the space agreement as soon as we 
can_ The longer we wait, the more chance 
someone else can make things happen for 
us, things we don't want to happen." 

RUNOFFS 
Continued from page I 
we'll be able to avoid [the problems] of the 
past and set an example for the senators to 
follow." Edson said. 

Explaining why the council will work 
together better than in past years, Langarica 
noted that Edson and two of the vice presi-
dents (new Vice President External Molly 
McKay and himself) ran on the "Substance 
not Slogans" slate, and that the other vice 
president-elect, Duran, has a good working 
relationship with Langarica's slate_ 

Harris , although disappointed about los-
ing the presidential election, said he plans to 
remain active on the A.S. 

"I worked really hard in the campaign 
.. .. 1 will definitely support [Edson] and 
continue to work with the school in orderto 
make it better," Harris said. 

Besides the problems which have ocur-
red in the Fifth sophomore senator race,the 
elections have had little controversy. 

"There's been very litlle mudslinging in 
this election as opposed to years past," Edson 
commented. 

Runoff Election Results 
Food Co-op member BretJey Dannerfeels 

that the administration is "skirting the is-
sue" of the space agreement. 

"It's not only annoying but also offend-
ing. We are the UCSD co-ops. No one has 
ever questioned that before. Now there 's a 
ploy grounded on nothing," Danner said. 

A.S.: Dance, Dinner Funds Allocated President 

According to Vice Chancellor of Under-
graduate Affairs Joe Watson, the co-ops 
prompted the move to classification by not 
signing the administration's version of the 
space agreement. 

"They made it clear that no one knew 
what they were," Watson said. "The ad-
ministration is deeply concerned about re-
solving ambiguities. It should be very clear 
.. . what the nature of the co-ops lire." 

Watson explained that the ambiguities 
center on the question of ownership of the 
co-ops' facilities. 

"They belong to all students; they do not 

Continued from page I 
"When we make allocations, we make 

certain choices: whether all students are 
invited, is the money being spent efficiently , 
and do we have enough money left in our 
funds for the alJocation," Third College 
Junior Senator Larry Becker said_ "In my 
opinion, by all these criteria, this fails. It is 
just a meal for us. How can we spend $1 ,000 
to take ourselves out to dinner, but we can't 
spend $830 to help KSDTI" 

Supporters said that the money did not 
come from student allocation funds and that 
the din~er is a "fringe ~nefit of govern-
ment," since most of the A.S. members are 
not paid . . 

DAN MANKIN & MARK SACKETI ARE 

AUDBVILLB 
OUVBAU 
H AN ENTIRELY HIlARIOUS SHOW" 

The Son FronciSCD Chronicle 
.~ 

.;:: ::;::/r , 

MAY 16 
WEDNESDAY ~DEVlLLE AUD. ~l 
GA $10 
STUDENTS $6 
UCSD FAC./STAfF 
& sa. CIT. $8 

~~­
UCSD lOX OfFICE 
5U4559 

"I have been quoted twice as saying that 
the dinner is 'one of the fringe benefits of 
being in government,' which sounds kind of 
crass," Randy Woodard, Director of Stu-
dent Government said_ "Larry is right that 
we were not promised this [dinner], nor 
should we expect it .... I have a certain 
amount in a fund with which I buy flowers 
for my secretary: that is a fringe benefit of 
government. She doesn't demand it, she 
deserves it. Wedon'towe this dinner to you, 
but you deserve it." 

John Edson 686 57.4% 
Vanness Harris 510 42_6% 

VP Administrative 
Ruben Duran 613 55.5% 
Mike Holmes 492 44_5% 

VP Finance 
Woodard explained that the STIP is an 

interest fund "usually only used for special 
events _ .. it pays for the salaries of the paid 
council members." 

Sergio Langarica 681 59.5% 
Karen Makkreel 464 40.5% 

. 

ArrENTION 
ALL STUDENTS!! 

FACTORY OUTLET CLOTHING 

BLOWOUT 
SALE!! 

.. Tweeds .Picante .Esprit 
Our brand names cannot be mentioned 

due to incredibly low prices!! 

All Items 50% to 90% Below Retail! 

Jeans $10 a: up ... Shorls $6 a: up ... Sweaters $10 a: up 
Tops $5 a: up ... Sweats $5 a: up ... Jackets $15 a: up 

r-----------;.::---.-------, 
I I 

: ,10% DISCOUNT : 
I I 
I for aU students a. faculty I L ______________________ ~ 

Friday & Saturday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. 
Sunday from 12 noon to 5 p.m. 

Go 4 lights east of the 805 
off Miramar Rd. to 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 
Hotline: 450-3323 

SfUI or 
- J 
":1 

N 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

Features 

Sunday Is the 20th Anniversary of the First Earth Day 
Here's a Look at UCSD's Environmental Celebration 

The general public's interest in the protection of the environment has grown within the last year. R ..... UzlcrisiGIUl,dian 

Students: Can 
Get Involved 
Very Easily 
• Story by Lior Rozenman 
SlIlff Writer 

By now, almost everyone has seen the 
black and white square surrounding a 
picture of our planet, with the words "Earth 
Day 1990" printed around the circumfer-
ence. 

Some may wonder what it means, while 
others may simply dismiss it as just another 
event. The members of the Earth Day Plan-
ning Coalition at UCSD are asking you to 
do a bit more; namely, educate yourself as 
10 how you can help preserve our environ-
ment. 

"Think Globally, ACI Locally" is the 
slogan being printed on Earth Day flyers. 
This refers to the idea that "Every person 
can make a difference," UCSD Earth Day 
Planning Coalition member Wende Biskoff 
said. 

Tomorrow marks the 20th anniversary of 
Earth Day. On April 20, 1970, Senator Gay-
lord Nelson of Wisconsin declared thaI na-

See STUDENTS, page 10 

Earth Doze at UCSD 
Thursday, April 19 

• Earth Day lecture presenta-
tion by Jim Bell, director of the 

Ecological Ufe Systems Institute: 
"Ecologically Integrated Planning: 

A Blue Print For Attaining Eco-
logical Sustainability in the 21 st 

Century: Cognitive Science 
Building, Room 001 , 7 p.m. 

Friday, April 20 
• Earth Day Festival at Revelle 

Plaza, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Featur-
Ing a band, guest speakers, food, 
displays, and over 30 off-campus 

environmental organizations. 
• Earth Day TG, 4:30 p.m. at 

the Hump. Featuring guest 
speaker Rick Nadeau from 

Greenpeace. 
Saturday, April 21 

• Beach Clean Up and Surf 
Contest. 10 a.m. at South Black's 

Beach. 
Source: Earth Day Planning Coalition 

GUSnllilfl Graphic by Mel Marcelo 

Hype: A 
Case of Earth 
Overkill? 
• Story by James Collier 
F,tIlIlres Edilor 

You can't avoid it. In recent weeks, it 
has seemed to be on everyone's mind. 
Newspapers, TV, even celebrities are 
talking about it - the environment. 

So why the sudden interest in our 
planet? 

Wende Bischoff, a member of UCSD's 
Earth Day Planning Coalition, felt that the 
1989 oil spill off Alaska was a major 
turning point in tenns of the attention the 
environment has recently received. 

"A lot of [enviromental) problems are 
starting to come together," said leff 
Karlson, another member of the coalition. 
"It seems to be coming to a crisis point." 

However, coalition member Steve 
Ringer said that the attention Earth Day has 
received could be harmful. It is possible to 
get "over Earth Day-cd," he said. 

"(It seems like) every magazine has a 
cover story about environmental issues, and 

See HYPE, page 10 

Thursday, April 19, 1989 

Actress Meghan Rose Krank 
from "The Secret Garden .• 

Troupe 
PerforlDs 
Children's 
Story 
TheatreworkslUSA 
Presents Classic 
By lAMES COLLIER 
Features Editor 

The Secret Garden, Frances 
Hodgson Burnett's classic book, 
will come to life when the mem-
bers of Thearreworks/USA pres-
entthis children's slory lomorrow 
at 8 p.m. in Mandeville Audito-
rium. 

The heroine of the story, Mary 
Lenoox, grows up in India until the 
death of her parents leaves her or-
phaned. She is sent to England to 
live with a remote and forbidding 
uncle in an old manor house on a 
windswept Yorkshire moor. After 
Mary arrives atthe house, her sleep 
is interrupted by strange, unex-
plained cries. 

Left to her own devices, she 
takes up exploring the grounds and 
finds an abandoned garden, locked 
and overgrown. Her uncle's son, 
Colin, an invalid, also feels ne-
glected, and the two b::friend 
Dickon, a local boy. The garden 
becomes theirsanctuary-a magi-
cal haven for the trio. 

"It is a wonderously written 
story ," said Judy Rabitcheff, the 
director of publicity for TI1eatre-
works, a group that works to give 
children their first taste of the thea-
ter. "It's very well favored by adults 
who remember it, as well as chil-
dren." 

The play's score is by Kim Oler, 
and the lyrics were written by Ali-
son Hubbard. The direction is by 
Roben Jess Roth, settings by 
Stanley A. Mayer, and costumes 
by Deborah Rooney. 

The group traces its beginnings 
toa 1961 production, "Young Abe 
Lincoln," the first Broadway show 
written for young people. Since 
the first production, the group has 
added various genres to its line-up 
of plays: prescnt-day stories or fan-
tasies, adaptations of literary clas-
sics, and works with a significanl 
contemporary issue as theirtheme. 

See STORY, page 9 

tAT U~ 
arts entertainment 

APRIL 19, 1990 

The Life & Times of Spike Lee ... Again 

John Ourant/Guardian 

Adding fuel to the publicity fire l 
HIATUS takes the Guardian's 

third in-depth look at this 
enigmatiC filmmaker. 

Concerts: 
The Havalinas blend rock with 
grass roots. P4 

S pike lee aims to tell it like it is. 
With wide-open eyes and ears, Lee transfers social reality to film. 

Realism dominates, yet symboli m abounds. 
But the symbolism is to some extent unintentional, for lee prefers 

that "people come to the theater with their own experiences and get 
their own interpretations." 

STORY BY ANDREA ADLEMAN 
Senior Staff Writer 

last Friday, several hundred people gathered in the Main Gym to 
hear Lee talk about the experiences that have influenced his work as 
a young filmmaker. 

Straightforward and unpretentious, Lee began the evening by 
telling the audience that the presentation was not going to be a 
lecture. Establishing an informal tone, he talked with the audience, 
not to them as he spoke about his family, his upbringing, his educa-
tion , and his films. 

New York City has been Lee's home for most of his life. He thus 
brings an insider's perspective to the subject of the city's ethnic 
clashes. A graduate of New York University's film school, Lee set 
two of h is feature films, "00 the Right Thing" (1989) and "She' 
Gotta Have It" (1986), in New York. 

The 33-year-old filmmaker recalled that his most significant expe-
rience at NYU was meeting Ernest Dickerson, a fellow film student 
who h as been the cameraman for all of lee's films. Dickerson fil med 
Lee's thesis project, "Joe's Bed-Stuy Barbershop: We Cut Heads" 
(1982), which rece ived a student Academy Award from the Acad-
emy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. 

After receiving this award, lee was signed by twO talent agencies 
and thought that Hollywood's doors were now open. 

"I didn't get not a one job," the Atlanta-born filmmaker ex-
plained. "That turned out being the best thing that could happened 
for me because it just cemented .. . what I already knew, that I would 
have to do it alone and not rely on any agent." 

His first attempt at independent filmmaking was "Messenger," a 
1984 film about a New York City bike messenger. Eight weeks into 
preproduction, the film died . 

Persistent and confident, Lee views the failure of "Messenger" as a 
turning point. "Looking back now, I think that this was the most 
critical point in my career so far, because that instant could break me 
or make me stronger," he said. "What it did was it made me stronger 
and I was determined more than ever to come back and do a film the 
following summer." 

Lee spent the winter of 1984 reflecting on his errors. Realizing 
that his project had been too ambitious, he proceeded to write a 
script set in one location with few characters. Never knowing if 
there would be any funds the next day, lee and company completed 
production in 12 day during the summer of 1985. 

The fil m was "She's Gotta Have It" (1986). which features an in-
dependent-minded young black woman who juggles three lovers. 
Having earned Lee the best new director award at the Cannes Film 
Festival, the film ultimately gro ed over $7 million. 

After this success, Lee had ufficient fi nancia l ponsorship to 
produce the first scr ipt he had written. The script. addressing 
intraracial conflict and the fraternity system at a fictional black 
college in the South , became Lee's 1988 film "School Daze ." It is 
based on his experience as an undergraduate at Atlanta's Moore-
house College in the late 70s. 

ee SPIKE, page 6 

Theater: 
UCSD presents three new plays 
by student playwrights. P3 



I ", , 
I .... ' 

I 

Muffin Man: Boot Factor 1 
Mother Goose will be turning over in 

h er grave when she hears about this one. 
But she won't be the only one who's spin~ 
ning. 

In Muffin Man, two players each bal~ 
ance a full cup of beer on their heads. They 
then begin to recite in \,mison a nursery 
rhyme in loud, obnoxious voices. The first 
blockhead whose beer falls off his head not 
only gets wet but also must chug the victor's 
beer ... 

Somehow we don't play this one a lot. 
Party Safe - Don't Drink and Drive 

The GuardMn doe. not condone !he coll8UlllpliDn of alcohol by millOfL 

Mira Mesa 7: Edwarels West Theaters 
566-1917 

Hunt for Red October I love You To Deoth 
Vital Signs Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 

Pretly Woman Crazy People 
Joe Versus the Volcano/Nuns on the Run 

University Towne Centre 6 
452-7766 

Crazy People I Love You to Death 
The Gods Must Be Crazy II Cry Baby/Vital Signs 

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Lisa 

La Jolla Village Thealers 
453-7831 

Driving Miss Daisy Miami Blues 
The Hunt for Red October Pretty Woman 

K.n Cin •• 0-283-5909 
4/19: The Seven Samurai 4/20: Emrnonuelle!The Story 01 0 

4/21 : lDw 01 De.ire/Darlc Hobbi" 
4/22: Crimti & Misdemeanon/Hannoh & Her SiJten 

4/23: The Big PichJre/Thi. i. Spinol Top 
EYery Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

Rocky Horror Picture Show 

HAIRCUTS 
by Mark 

Women $17 (reg. $25) 
..... 14 (reg .. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

Perm &: Haircut or $50 
Highlight &: Haircut 

••• 

At a recent Parent's Music Resource 
Center-sponsored press conference in 
Washingtoll D.C., 13 state legislators 
announced that they will withdraw their 
warn ing stickers bills due to the ongoing in-
dustry effort to standardize the stickering 
of controversial products. The states that 
are withdrawing the bills are Rhode Island, 
Maryland , w.est Virginia, Tennessee , 
Alaska, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Kansas, 
Iowa, Illinois, Arizona, New Mexico, and 
New York. 

There are going to be a lot of concerts to 
attend in the upcoming summer, including 
Paul McCartney, New Kldsonthe Block, 
David Bowie, the Grateful Dead. Limited 
bookings for Depeche Mode and Motley 
Crue are among some of the acts planned 
for arena shows. Other expected acts for 
the summer include: Anita Baker, UB40, 
Melissa Etheridge, Erasure, Stephanie 
Mills, Joe Satriani, Cowboy Junkies, 
Van Morrison, Spyro Gyra, and Rickie 
Lee Jones. 
.......•...................................••••.. 

On the charts : Sinead O'Connor's sec-
ond album I Do Not Want What I Haven 't 
Got went from No. 24 to NO. 6 on the Pop 
Albums chart, and the single "Nothing 
Compares 2 U" went from No. 9 to No. 4 on 
the Hot 100. M.C. Hammer makes his 
debut on the top 1 0 album chart with Please 
Hammer Don't Hurt 'Em enters at No. 1 O. 
................................................. 

CBS records has released a sampler of 
Epic and Columbia alternative acts, some 
of which include previously unavailable 
material by Living Color and Kate Bush. 
The disk is titled Theodore, and is available 
for $7.98. 
...•............................................. 

Michael Bolton, De La Soul, and Lenny 
Kravitz were among some of the winners 
at the fifth annual SKC New York Music 
Awards on March 31 . Bolton received four 
of the prizes, including artist of the year, 
best pop album (Soul Provide" , best male 
R&B vocal ist, and best male pop vocalist. 

s 
De La Soul , Lenny Kravitz, and Debbie 
Gibson each won three awards. The show 
featured live performances by M.C. Lyte, 
Laura Nyro, 24-7 Spyz, Shawn Colvin , the 
Cover Girls, Sweet Sensation , Freddie 
Jackson, Melba Moore, and Kravitz. The 
single of the year went to "Self Destruction" 
by the Stop the Violence Movement. 
. ............................................... . 

Richard Marx is going to donate the pro-
ceeds from his single"Children ofthe Night" 
to the track's inspiration, the Children of 
the Night organization . This organization 
aids children who are forced into prostitu-
tion or pornography. Marx wrote the song 
after meeting some of the kids in the or-
ganization, and then invited them to sing 
back-up on the track. Don't say Richard 
isn't a nice guy. He'd go that extra mile for 
you . 
................................................. 

Kerry Gordy, the son of Motown founder 
Berry Gordy, has founded SONG (Sounds 
of a New Generation) Records along with 
his wife, Karen Gordy, in Los Angeles. The 
label will focus on hip-hop, rap, and R&B 
music. The first release should arrive this 
summer. Some of the artists that will ap-
pear on the label include Cash, a male 
vocalist, Rock Bottom featuring Dexter, 
a funk-rock band, and Hollywood Dawg. 
••••••••••••••.••..................••.•.•.....•.. 

Keenan Ivory Waynan 's new television se-
ries , "In Living Color," which premiered 
on Fox last Sunday, takes a risk with a bold 
format that some viewers may find uncom-
fortable. Since much of the show's humor 
stems from cultural stereotypes, with an 
emphasis on blacks, Wayman has received 
criticism for being racist. "That's a racist 
criticism," Wayman said , "because it limits 
the kind of work I can do. When Woody 
Allen makes a movie, no one says, 'He's 
making fun of Jews.' Why shouldn't he be 
able to talk about his culture? Why shouldn't 
I be able to talk about mine? Why shouldn't 
I be able to find the humor in it and share 
that with people?" 

- Inlormatlon compiled Irom Billbostrl Magazine and pre •• release •. 

Your Decision. Your Choice. 
It's Time for the Besfn' 

FREE 
DRINK REFILLS 

Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

• Free Pregnancy 
Testing 

• Low Cost Early 
Pregnancy Test 

• Immediate 
Test Results 

• Pregnancy 
Termination 

• General or Local 
Anesthesia 

• Affordable 
Birth Control 

• Student Discount 

The College Line 
535-1379 Win a Hawaiian Vdcatlon or big screen TV 

IJlus raise up to S1.400 
111 Just 10 days I 

0bjM:tM: Fundr .... r 
C-mtment: Minimal 
M_y: All ... $1,400 
Coet: z.ro I_tment 

I':l;r;t .L ' f.&iJfjJ P c"olce 

c.mpua orpnlZlltlona, ciulla, 
frIIta, .-ItIaa ~I OCMC at 

1~32~128 and 
1..aoo.t1O-8472 alit. 10. 

FRlllily PIRllllill! 
AssoaDf!!:; 

Metiicp/ CrollP 

Student Playwrights Progress 
Bv PAULA CORREA 
Contributing Writer 

The UCSD Theatre De-
partment will present three 
short new ptays by student 
playwrights as part of its on-
go ing Plays in Progress series. 

The works are largely writ-
ten, directed, acted, and de-
signed by graduate students in 
the Theatre Department's Pro-
fessionalTheatreTrainingPro-
gram. 

One of the plays presented 
is "The Traveller" by Troy 
Cardenas. Directed by Allan 
Havis, a professional play-
wright and UCSD Theatre 
Dept. faculty member, the play 
is the story of a journey under-
taken by a traveller and a 
magical horse. . 

Their path, which is decep-
tively innocent at first , leads 
them into a confrontation with 

the darker depths of an impe-
rial city . 

"Scenes From The Prom-
ised Land," written by first-
year playwright Kevin Kreiger 
and directed by James Peck, 
takes place on an isolated mid-
western farm. Throughout the 
performance, a mother and 
daughter struggle with an ex-
traordinary and frightening 
change in their lives: one em-
braces this challenge whole-
heartedly while the other re-
sists with equal fervor. 

Naomi I izuka's "And Then 
She Was Screaming," directed 
by Maria Mileaf, focuses on 
nine characters who give the 
audience a glimpse into their 
most intimate thoughts . 

'IHEA'I1!&. I'b~ In 1'mcr_ Ioaturir,g"The 
Travdletl"Soone$"-The ~Lond.· 
and "And Sht w. Sa.: . .. Ina,· P-...I .,· 
W."..n Thmrt. A".,ll ?-22, .. ~p .... _ 
$undoy"7p.m.Tld: ... ~2.00, ,,,, _kOOr. 
mationcol\ U4-4SH . 

Financing 
Your Education 
Can Be A 
Balancing Act. .. 
Talk To Us 
About A 
Student Loan! 

-Fast -Local 
We dare other lenders to beat us! 
If you need special help, we 
aren't a vague voice in New York 
or Sacramento. We're here and 
we help. 
FREE CREDIT UNION 
MEMBERSHIP! 

We waive your membership fee 
and you enjoy outstanding fman-
ciat services from any of 2~ 
countywide branch locations. 

Call us for more info about 

Scdford,SLS,orPLUS 
546-2063 

o r ask your Finanda l Aid Department 

L1. 
Mission Federal Credit Union 

$(~VING TIt£ EDUCAIIONAlOO .... ~IY 

"The Student Loan Store" 

Commentary on ~Blue Steel': 
You Can Change the Gender, 0 

if But not the Genre + 
Bv WALTER Bins 
Staff Writer 

Cop movies generally revolve around guns, blood, 
and typ ical justice vs. villain showdowns, but recently 
re leased "Blue Steel," wrin en and directed by Kathryn 
Biga low and starring Jamie Lee Curtis, adds an en-
t irely different perspective to this subject. 

"Blue Steel" belongs in the same genre of movies as 
"Dirty Harry" and "The French Connection." How-
ever, instead of having 
males dominate the roles 
of the director and the 
lead characte r, " Blue 
Steel" features two fe-
males, Cu~tis and Biga-
low. 

Biga low appears to 
have wanted to say some-
thing about the chal-
lenges which women face 
in male-dominated pro-
fessions, something the 
director can identify with 
first hand. But she fails to 
bring this to full light in 
the movie. 

All the confrontations 
in the film are attacks on 
the gender of the lead character, Megan (Curtis). The 
question asked repeatedly is, "Why did you want to 
become a cop?" Everyone who asks this is male, 
thereby confronting the gender barrier which Megan 
tries to destroy. 

The men in Megan's world seem to reject her 
authority as a cop because of her sex. The Asst. Police 
Ch ief questions her motives behind a holdup shoot-
ing; her fa ther cannot believe his beautiful daughter is 
a cop; and a robber says, "Bi tch, I don't want anything 

to JI) with you." These are all examples of patroniz-
ing attitudes of men toward the idea of women be-
coming cops. 

In a recent interview, Bigalow said, "I did not 
want to make a gender exclusive movie." However, 
there seems to be a contradiction between herself 
and the stud io. The con trad iction ar ises w hen the di-
rector claims non-gender exclusivity, while the stu-
dio touts the movie based on the fact that both the 

lead actor and the di rec-
tor are female. 

Something seems 
lacking in Bigalow's 
claim of non-gender 
exclusiVity. If she wanted 
the viewer to ignore 
Megan's sex. then why 
all the tension between 
males and females in the 
movie ? The obstacles 
Megan faced would not 
be the same ifhercharac-
ter had been male. In-
stead. you would proba-
bly end up With a lead 
actor saying, "Go ahead, 
make my day." 

The question, there-
fore. is why does Bigalow even have to make the 
claim of non-gender exclusivity? The answer is sim-
ply because she is a female working in a traditionally 
male-dominated environment. 

A movie should be judged on its own merit and 
nO[ on the sex of those involved with the project. 
Women are very capable of writing, directing, and 
acting as good as, worse than, or better than their 
male counterparts. As revolutionary an idea as that 
may be, it is something Hollywood should realize. 

It's COMED!. .• It's THEATRE ... It's VAUDEVILLE ••. It's ... 
The *Complete 

Worbs of ill iam 
qak.esp.e,!!£ 

ALL 38 PLAJ:S IN ONE EVENING! 

May' 
Wed. 
8pm 
Mande.flle 
Auditorium 
G.A. $10 
Sr.CIt. $8 
St. $6 

presented by 'Qrqe ~ebuceb 
~qake5peare QIO. 

UCSD 
Box Office 
534-4559 

M.LIltOn FedcnJ ~ a $~ nW!lon (teat uruon whd1 hu fC2'\ICd 'he: cdocacJon.a.l communny of Sill OtqO Count)' 
(oc mofe !hAn '1 qU:lA(( ccnuy bla, tcmu, conc;hof'., and IC:I'VKlC:I.U~llD ch&n&e 

"" 10 ... ,.. subp:t 10 Oedt.l2lppOV'&!. 

J HIATUS APRIL 19 1 YYO 



(ij entertainment I! eARTh l'J environment I!I 
By LARA HEIStER 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

During th e new segmen[ of la t 
week's" arurday Night LIve," Dennis 
MIller held up an Earth Day flyer and 
joked, " een the e flyers I They're litter-
ing the streets all over the cIty." 

Later in the segment, he wryly o b-
served that for Life's special Earth Day 
issue, the foc us was on the needless de-
truct ion of trees - ironically, the pub-

licat ion of this edition caused the anni-
hilation of 35 ,000 tree . 

Miller's jokes repre ent the cynical 
and defeatist att itude that run rampant 
throughout modern society. It i ea y to 
unde rstand why people feel over-
whelmed when considering the gravity 
of such giant issues as global warming, 
ozone depletio n , massive pollution, and 
rain forest destruction. Fortunately, 
there are event like the April Z2 
Earth Day celebrations, which help to 
inform and in pire the all too often apa-
thetic masses. 

Around campus this week, there have 
been a number of events planned with 
clear~ut goals to energize, entertain, 
and educate the srudents about environ-
mental i sues. If you mIssed Monday's 
"Recyclmg Day," Tuesday' "Energy 
Conservation Day," or Wednesday's "Al-
ternative Foods Day," make sure th at 
you go out of your way to catch today's 
"Get O ut of Your Car Day." TOl1lght a t 
7 p.m., Jim Bell, the director ofEcologi-
cal LIfe Systems WIll gIve a one - hour 
lecture presentation in C SB OOL 

T omorrow, there will be a major fes-
tiva l on the Reve lle Plaza from 11 :00 
a.m. to 5:00p.m. ThIs event will include 
a performance by local favor ites Jam-
bay, and gue t speakers Dan Tarr (from 
the G reen Pan y) and Dr. tewart (from 
the mfa mous C I 20). In addition, there 
will be food, displays, and stands for both 

The Havalinas: 

on- and off-campu gr ups. 
La ter in the evening, there will be an 

"Earth Oriented T.G." beginning at 5 
p.m ., complete with a special guest 
speaker from Greenpeace. On Saturday, 
there will be a beach cleanup and surf 
contest open to the public at 10 a. m. at 
Black 's Beach . 

It may eem hard to believe that 
merely attending the films, lectures, 
and concerts really can help to 
effect positive change for the 
causes they promote. But 
awareness of the 
problem is the 
fir t tep to-
war d 
find -

ing 
a solu-
tion. As 
one Earth Day 
flyer claims, "I f you 
just convince two 
friend to do something 
about the environment, and 
the next day, they in turn con-
vince two other friends, and so on, in 
less than a month, the entire country 
would be doing something." 

Steve Ringer of UC D's Earth Day 
Planning Coalition expanded upon the 
importance of more widespread aware-
ness. "Twenty years ago, the first Earth 
Day cry~ta lized the environmental move-
ment as an actual political issue," Ringer 
said. "T oday's Earth Day marks the tran-
sItIon from concern for the environment 
being ul11que to pecialmtercst or fringe 
groups. EnVironmental awareness is be-

A Grass Roots 
Band for the 

Nineties 
By JOSHUA ODINTZ 
Staff Writer 

There are few modern rock 
band, that rely on a simple and 
pure sound to attract a crowd. A 
Lvs Angeles based tno combines 

IxtlC~ rock WIth grass roots sound 
[Q create a style that can only be 
understood m the band's name, 
T he Havalinas. 

wild pIgs. We felt pretty much like 
them. I[ was a working name - w~ 
thought it wa~ a great name, but 
we never thought it would be the 
perman ent name of our band ." 

coming a mainstream issue." 
By looking at the warm embrace that 

all of San Dieg seems to be giving Earth 
Day , we can see the validity of Ringer's 
['''int that environmental concern is be-
coming more main tream. Not only are 
"ideali tic" college students attempting 
to "Think Globally and Act Locally": 

on April 22nd, many San Diegans 
will be participating in the sev-

eral Earth Day celebrations 
around the city. 

One such event will 
take place on Sun-

day at 11 :00 
a.m. at the 

San Di-
ego 

Mu-
seum of 

Art. This 
Earth Day cele-

bration (which is 
free to the publIc) will 

include hands-on art ac-
tivities, music, and entertain-

ment to take place on the front 
steps of the museum. 
Another event, also at the San Diego 

Museum of Art is the "Gluck Family 
Day," which is a Young at Art celebra-
tion focusing on the environment, fea-
turing Earth Day festivities. This event is 
also free to the public. 

Earth Day is a unique holiday. While 
it entails art, music, food, and general 
lightheartedness, there is a very serious 
side to the celebration. The underlying 
message for all of the scheduled events is 

an imponant one - it is time for all of us 
to open our eyes to the problems plaguing 
our world, and to begin to do something 
about them. 

Ringerexplained that thegoalofEarth 
Day was best expressed by Edmund Burke: 
"Nothing is more tragic than the man 
who did nothing because he could do 
only a little." By spreading the word, 
either through music, art, or film, that it 
is time to take action about the environ-
ment. Events like Earth Day really can 
make a difference. 

Again, while it easy [Q take the atti-
tude that Dennis Miller so flippantly ex-
pressed on Sarurday Night Live, it is far 
more beneficial [Q concentrate on what 
can be done, rather than on what can't. 
On a personal level, practices such as re-
cycling, carpooling, socially - conscious 

shopping, and even the most mild 
forms of water conservation can have 
amazing results. For more information 

on exactly how much you can do, check 
out the displays in the Humanities Un-
dergraduate Library this week. 

Please, do something good for yourself 
and for our planet - attend some of the 
Earth Day events. Open yourself to the 
information that these groups are making 
available to us through their various pres-
entations. Odds are you will be convinced 
that it is time to make some changes. 

As Jeffrey Hollander implores in his 
book How to Make the World a Better 
Place: "The shape of the future is in our 
hands. It isour responsibility, for itcan be 
no one else's. The world won't be de-
stroyed tomorrow, but it can be made 
better today. Step by step, one by one, 
find the actions that suit you best, try 
them out, tell your friends, and thingswill 
change. They always have in the past, and 
no matter what anyone says, you and I do 
have the power to begin to make the 
world a better place." 

background. 
None of the songs stand out as 

single material, but rather as a 
whole, they weave together a story 
of life a nd political strife . 
Quintana's Keith Moon style of 
drumming,combined with Smith's 
stand-up bass, create an intense 
rhythm . Added to this, 
McConnell 's simple lead and 
rhythm guitars propel the songs to 
ncar perfection. 

T htlr se lf titled debut effort on 
Elektra is a fa irly simple album. 
The triO draws upon man y artists, 
from Bob Dylan [Q Bob Marley 
and Buddy Holly, and they use 
these mfluences to complete the ir 
sound. Each song has a sloppy, 
natural flavor, but it's as if the 
band wants the listener to hear 
li ttle errors in order to bring the 
band and the audience closer. 

Smith and McConnell com-
prised part of the New York punk-
ab illy band the Rockats, which 
broke up in 1983. McConne ll at-
tempted to launch his solo career 
under the pseudo nym Tim Scott, 
but he failed to make it big. After 
a few years, Smith and McCo nnell 
collaborated and started to jam in 
Los Angeles with a new accoustlC 
approach . 

loved the idea of playing songs 
simple with powerful words," 
Smith said. 

tured the band's sound; he cap-
tured the Havalinas live," Smith 
said. 

Nevertheless, the Havalinas 
truly excel during their live per-
formances. Opening for the Go-
Go's at the recent Environmental 
Initiative Benefit, the band dem-
onstrated the strength and beauty 
of their tunes. Each member is 
wild on stage, as if they're doing 
high impact aerobics. Smith wildly 
dances around the stage with his 
enormous acoustic bass as ifit were 
hiS dance partner. McConnell, 
draped in overalls and an Ameri-
can flag bandanna, entertained the 
audience as if they were h;s friends 
in a pub. Quintana hit the drums 
like Mike Tyson pounds his oppo-
nents. 

The Havalinas for med a year 
and a half ago, takmg their name 
(rom a pig native to A mona. "I 
had just come back from Ama na," 
said bassIst Smutty Smith in a 
recent interview, "and I was tell-
ing Tim [McConnell] about these 

"W e started plaYIng at Irish 
pubs, " remarked Smith . "We 
played at Molly Malone's for a year 
straight. We crea ted an under-
ground fo lk scen e that sti \I re-
mam ." 

Then drummer harlie QUIn ' 
tana Jo ined the c rew. "[Qumtana] 
was having problems with the 
Cruzados. It wa~ time (or him to 
make a move. We jammed at a 
barbecue and he just loved it. He 

The Havalinas played around 
Los Angeles for over a year before 
they got signed . The co ntract re-
sulted from a meeting with pro-
ducer Don Gehman, who is best 
known for hIS work with R.E.M. 
and John Cougar Mellencamp, 
became enchanted with the Ha-
valmas sound . 

"We played for hlln in our 
house, and he said he wanted to 
work with us, but it would have to 
be soon. So, we got signed to EI-
ektra the fo llowmg week. He cap-

4 HIATUS APRIL 19, 1990 

Their debut outing is electrify-
ing for an accoustic band. Each 
song flows into the next, discuss-
ing issues such as raising a family 
("There Was This Mother") and 
bIgotry ("Sticks and Stones"). 
A lthough McConnell's song-
writing is inventive, honest, and 
truly poeti , the strength of the 
Havalinas lies within their unfet-
tered mu ic. 

The band only uses bass, guitar, 
and drums with an occasional man -
dolin, piano, and beer bottle in the 

The Havalinas, with an excel-
lent debut album and a wild swge 
show, is a band that b de tined to 
C Ik rock greatness. Their show at 
the Bacchanal in April might be 
the last chance to vIew the Ha-
valinas in a small club before they 
become famous . 

o · -i ... r J{ I _ 

~.~ I " '\ --
I. ... ... ~ , " 

have become something of an 
amusing collectors item, simply 
because they are so unashamedly 
and blatently CHEEZE. 

KTEL is back and is taking a 
tentative step into the unfamiliar 
world of alternative music with its 
latest release, The Edge of Rock. 
Featuring such college radio favor-
ites as Dinosaur Jr., the Meat 
Puppets, Syd Straw, and Camper 

Various Artists Van Beethoven, the compilation 
T he Edge of Rock is a clever sampling of some of the 
KTEL Records better bands existing on the alter-

Remember KTEL? The record native music scene today. 
label best known for its compila- Cover songs are an easy way to 
tions of cheezy pop music, with facilitate the transition to altema-

vocalist for the Lemonheads, ex-
plained his thoughts on being 
represented on a ~TEL compila-
tion. "It's my life's ambition real-
ized," Dandostated. "I'm very into 
the 7~. J (Mascis of DInosaur Jr.) 
is too. The only problem is that 
the KTEL emb lem isn't bi g 
enough." 

- JenniferYancey 

lRNl~ 

titles like FuU Tilt and High Vo/rage , tive music. Dinosaur Jr's version of I- Rails 
and albums that can only be found the Cure's "Just Like Heaven" and Nine Songs From Nowhere 
at local drug stores and K-Marts. the Lemonheads rendition of P rimal Records 
Remember their advertisements, Suzanne Vega's "Luka" are safe The I-Rails. The average band 
wedged between the afternoon car- bets from unsafe bands. In addi- strikes again. 11ley are new .. . but 
toons, with song titles/band names tion to the aforementioned bands, are they! 
accompanied by snipets of the there are songs from Winter Hours, The music is acceptable - fuzz 
featured song running up your TV Lucinda Williams, Close Lobsters, guitar, strumming acoustic, U2 bass 
screen? KTEL albums are the em- Mary' Danish, and Wire. lines. It is all very atmospheric, 

nearly every song on their album 
Nine Songs From Nowhere. That is 
what makes them so average, this 
band from Ventura. They are good , 
bur they do not stretch themsel ves. 

The lyrics parallel the music, as 
borh are atmospheric and media-
tive. The songwriting team of 
O'Conner/Sparks (the bass and 
guitar player, respectively) go up 
against emotional subjects - the 
meaning of life, self-motivation, 
religion, idealism, idol-worship-
but the songs fail to excite, or 
elevate. 

In general, the world of music 
could survive without the I-Rails. 
They are capable musicians, and 
they have studied their post-mod-
em poetry. Yet, there is something 
missing behind the twangy guitars 
and sensitive singing: originality, 
energy, and something to make 
one want to listen to them. 

If it is a new invigorating band 
you're looking for, the I-Rails aren't 
it. However, if a subsistent, no 
surprises, B-for effort band is what 
you want to fill you music library 
with, then by all means patronize 
the I-Rails. 

_bod __ i_m_e_n_t_o_ft_h_e_7_~ __ 0_n_v_in_y~I_,_an_d _____ E_v_a_n __ D __ ar_,d_o~,-=g_u_it_a_ri_st __ a_n_d __ £P~erso~n_a~l_m~u~sl~·c_.Th __ I~·s~co~u~l~d~d~esc~ri~be~ ______________ -__ K_e_n_d~y_li __ u_rd~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

lUWi\\ R{tURDS \ ~\Din 
COWBOY JUNKIES 
the caution horses~~~~ 

~~, 
''/ 

MUSIC THIS INTIMATE WAS NEVER TH IS 
POWERFUL 

Their evocative new album 
featuring "Sun Comes Up, 
It's Thesday Morning:' 

"Powderfinger" and " 'Cause Cheap 
Is How I Fee!:' The follow-up to 

"The Trinity Session :' 
On RCA Records casseltes. compact diSCS and albums 

11.99 CD 6,99 (ASS 
\\,99 e\) 
b,qq C~SS 

~SILOS Theirlyrics expose the 
intimate details of daily life. The brilliant, sparse 
production gives you the feeling that someone is 

playing in the next room. Featuring "Here's To You;' "(We'll Go) Out 
Of Town" and " I'm Over You;' their new album, liTh e Silos:' is about 
to explode. On RCA Records casselles. compacl diSCS and albums 

PETER MURPHY ----
CUT 5 

"Deep;' the brilliant new album from the former 
lead singer of Bauhaus. Featuring "(uts You Up;' 

DEEP 

11.99 CD 6,99 CASS 
"The line Between The Devil's Teeth" and "A Strange Kind Of love:' 

SALE ENDS APRIL 24, 1990 
oo.i.Jt" , .... .. _--..._O'd '_ .. ......... _ . .. . , ......... " ..... -Jo' ....... _ ..... . - - ..... ~~ 

DEEP 
O~IN.AM TO MIDNIGHT · 365 DAYS A YEAR 

1('DniiJu!K'}U,tWl\'}i11 
EL CAJON SPORTS ARENA COLLEGE AREA 

796 FIelCMr Parkway 3601 Sporls Arena Blvd. 6405 EI Cajon Blvd. 
across from Parkway Plaza VIDEO ooxllo Arl SI. Posl Ott. 

O"'N 10 AM TO 10 PM 3393 Kemper 51. 
MUSIC VIDEOS 

VIDEO SALfS • RENTAlS! 

5 HIA TlJS APRIL 19 1990 

"Doesn't 
every 
Pre-med 
deserve 
a choice?" 

Tom Garcia. M.D. (UAG '75) 
Cardia/agist 
Houston, Texas 

''The right choice was there when I 
needed it. I made that choice, and now I'm 
a physician. My alma mater may be just 
right for you. It's your choice." 

Universidad Autonoma de Guadalajara 
School of Medicine 
Guadalajara, Mexico 
The International Choice 

For your free video preview call: 1·800·531·5494 

Move into a new decade 
with 

R.E.M. 
THE 8-52's 
THE CURE 

AND MANY MORE! 

An all new laser 

• 



Spike 
Continued from page 1 

In " hool Daze," Lee sought 
to depict "the petty and upe rficial 
differences that keep Afro-Ameri-
cans from being more uni fied 
people." 

Effective communication is a 
priority for Lee. H e seeks to art icu-
late an "Afro-centric viewpoint," 
to hold a micropho ne up to Afro-
Americans, a group who "hasn't 
had a voice in Ho llywood." 

In " Do the R ight T hing" 
(1989), Lee presents the lack of 
communicat ion between N ew 
York's Italian -Americans and 
Afro-Americans. et on the hot-
test day of the ummer, the fi lm 
shows racial tension magnifie:i by 
the rising mercury. 

When com munication does 
take place, it is through action 
more than words as Sal, the Ital-
ian-American pizzeria owner, 
smashes Buggin' Out's ghetto blas-
ter with a baseball bat. A fight 
begins in the pineria, and when it 
spills out into the street, others 
join in. A riot ensues. 

The racial tolerance that had 
thu far limited violence to verbal 
attacks goes up with the smoke 
from the burning pizzeria. The 
neighborhood IS shattered into as 
many pieces a the broken glas . 

In the end, Buggin' Out is 
choked ro death by the polIce. On 
each hand, he wore a four-finger 
ring, one declarin g "love," the 

other "hate." Iron ically, as Buggin' 
O ut lies dead on account of rac ial 
hatred, the v iewer ee o nly the 
"love" ring. 

Amidst the haos of the riot, 
communication had indeed taken 
plac . The Afro-Americans had 
sent a message to which the Ital-
ian -American couldnottumdeaf 

'I want to make 
films that make 
people think, 
that make 
people talk, that 
make people 
ask questions 
and it's not 
really my con-
cern whether 
they agree with 
me all the time. ' 

-Spike Lee 
ears. 

Commenting on the scene's 
violence, Lee lamented that dras-
tic action must be taken in order to 
attract attention. 

"To be honest, black life here 
in A merica is very cheap. People 
can ing'Weare the World'allyou 
want, but that's really not the Situ-
ation today," he said, revealing h is 
characteristically critica l perspec-
tive . "It's unfortunate that it takes 
inc iden ts like this - that it takes 
black people fin ally getting fed up 

and tearing hit up - that people 
take notice." 

Lee ba ed "Dothe RightThing" 
on the rac ially-motivated Howard 
Beach, NY murders a few years 
ago. Using that event a a point of 
departure, he explained that he 
wanted to do more than retell the 
story fact by fact. Like the Howard 
Beach incident, Lee's film involves 
Italian-Americ:ms, a pizzeria , and 
a baseball bat, the means by which 
an Afro-American man was killed 
in Howard Beach. 

Lee seeks to maintain a balance 
of realism and entertainment in 
h is films. "What I trytodowithmy 
films is make entertainin g, 
thought-provoking films," he said. 
"1 feel that films cost too much 
money to make films that are 
preaching to people. At the same 
time, I do not want to make mind-
less en tertainment." 

In explaining his intentions as 
a filmmaker, Lee again empha-
sized communication. "I want to 
make films that make people think, 
that make people talk, that make 
people ask questions and it's not 
really my concern whether they 
agree wi th me all the t ime." 

When it came time for ques-
t ions from the audience, Lee knew 
exactly what he wanted to hear, or 
rather, what he did not want to 
hear. Don 't ask me about how we 
sto p racism, AIDS , drugs, he 
p leaded , mocking the media's 
treatmen t of him as the "New 
Negro" spokesperson. 

Furthermore, he stressed that 
h e would entertain only "intelli-

gent, intelligent, thought-provok-
ing, intelligent, probing, intelli -
gent que tions ." 

One audience member asked 
about the relationship between Lee 
and two other successful enter-
tainer , Arsenio Hall and Eddie 
Murphy. At fir t reserved about 
his comments on Eddie Murphy, 
Lee stated that the two have 
"philosoph ical differences." 

"Eddie is a very powerful man 
in Hollywood," hesaid. "I just don' t 
understand how one could have 
all that power and not use it to 
better your own people . Hollywood 
i not going to hire any more blacks 
until they're forced to . You cannot 
rely on the goodness of their white, 
liberal hearts." 

Lee seeks Afro-American ad-
vancement in all walks of life. He 
is committed to offering a realistic 
picture of the current situation, a 
commitment which led Paramount 
Pictures to drop "00 the Right 
Thing." 

Lee explained that the studio 
wanted the film ro end the racial 
conflict on a more optimistic note , 
a reque.t which he refused to 
honor. 

"I think there's hope," said Lee 
after melodramatically recounting 
the sappy ending the studio envi-
sioned. "But I think you also have 
to be as truthful as possible and no t 
try to bullshit people and tell them 
that it's on e way when it 's an-
other." 

He fears that continued racism 
in society at large and images in 
the media result in low self-esteem 

among Afro-Americans. 
"A lot of us still hate our elves," 

he said . "We were taught to hate 
ourselves. When we're sick, we 
won't go to a black doctor. We'll 
find a white doctor bee au e they 
know what they're do ing. When 
we get in a jam, we go to a Jewish 
lawyer because they kno w what 
they' re doing. And a Jewish ac-
countant because you can' t trust 
niggers. 

"That's the way a lot of us feel. 
We can't depend on each other. 
It's just a dangerous cycle. We really 
just do too much talk and not 
enough action." 

Lee feels his action takes the 
form of presenting the issues that 
affect Afro-Americans today 
through film , which he calls "the 
most powerful medium in the 
world." 

Determined to besuccessfu I, Lee 
encourages the audience to see his 
upcoming releases in the theater 
rather than on videotape. "Mo' 
Better Blues ," which tells the story 
of a musician trying to balance his 
love for music with the women in 
his life, isset for release in mid-July 
of this year. 

He is current! y writing the script 
for "Jungle Fever," which treats 
race, sex and class as "a more vola-
tile mix, a much more volatile 
mix," according to Lee. Combin-
ing self-confidence and wit, Lee 
announces that "Jungle Fever" will 
be released on July 3, 1991. 

"That's a Wednesday, so you 
can plan your FourthofJuly week-
end no w." 

THEATREWORKS (!JJ~b:\ 

I 

----------------, 

Carl's Jr. 
UCSD 

Student 
Special 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I 
I I 
: Bacon Cheeseburger : 
: r~FREE i 
I Valid at: 6788 Miramar Rd. I 
I Coupon expires May 15, 1990. One offer per coupon. I I One coupon per cus10mer per visit . Not valid with any ® I 
I other offer or discount. Price does not include tax. I't ... - 'ItS J:r. I ~Carl Karcher Enterprises, Inc. 1990 ~-.L. L _______________________ ~ 

PIIESfNTS 

Delightful Musical Adaption of the Beloved 
Frances Hodgson Burnett Children's Classic 

APRIL 20 • FRIDAY • 8PM. MANDEVILLE AUD. 
GENERAL $8.00 

CHILDREN & 
STUDENTS $6.00 

SR.CIT. $7.00 
U CSD Box OFFICE 

534-4559 

. 6 HIATUS APRIL 19, 1990 

Thursday, April 19, 1989 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

"The Secret Garden" actors Susan Gazzola and Craig MacDonald 

STORY 
Continued from page 8 

Theatreworks USA creates, produces. and 
tour professional productions for young 
people and families. "The age of our audi-
ences [varies]," Rabitcheff said. "Our shows 
are very much enjoyed by ad ults." 

During its 29 years, Theatreworks has 
presented more than 19,000 performances 
to more than 16 million people in close to 40 
states. Currently, the group performs yearly 

to about 2 million people. 
"We perform in schools, theaters, civic 

centers - wherever there 's an audience," 
Rabiteheff said. 

The company has helped to launch the 
careers of such performers as Henry Win-
kler, Sherman Helmsley, John Glover, and 
F. Murray Abraham. 

General admission is $8, students $6, and 
seniors $7; tickets may be purchased at the 
UCSD Box Office (534-4559). 

THE QUESTION IS ARE YOU HIP? 
If you are read on ••• 

TEQUILA TUESDAYS . .. Beginn ing at 12:00 p.m. stop by and 
experience the SOUTH OF THE BORDER sensation of 
DIEGO's WORLD FAMOUS 75' margaritas all day and night -
then at 9:00 p.m. get Dimensional inside 3-D Nightclub with 
50¢ shot of tequila , 75¢ Mexican beer and 75¢ GLOWING 
MARGARITAS plus tonight it's the music of ENGLAND's 
TRANS DANCE. Get into the new beat of the 90's ... 

WILD WOMEN ON WEDNESDA YS ... This and every 
Wednesday the women of the 90's will be taking over 3-D with 
NO COVER CHARGE and $1 .00 well , wine and drafts all night. 
Plus the Mixmaster "0 " will spin you back in time to the 
generations of the 60's, 70's and 80's with a beat to 
boogies your body . . .. 

ANY QUARTER ANY DRINK THURSDA YS ... Throughout the 
month you are invited to Quarter Thursdays with all single 
well shots, wine and drafts from 9-10:30 p.m. for just 25<t and 
Mixmaster "0" along with your Power Station will host a semi-live 
broadcast of THE POWER PIRATE SHOW and 
a POWER PARTY! 

FRUSTRATED FRIDAYS . .. If you're tired of the frustrating week 
you left behind. well, join us for THE HAPPIEST OF HOURS 
BEGINNING AT 5:00 p.m. with the Beach's most lavish FREE 
buffet served 'til 8:00 p.m. 

ANY BUCK ANY BOOZE SATURDAYS . .. Every Saturday it's 
the Original ANY BUCK ANY BOOZE. Just bring in any Buck 
(must be legal currency) and we'll give you any drink in the 
house (excluding super premiums) 'til 11 :00 p.m. 
FUNKY REGGAE ON SUNDA YS ... Every Sunday night get 
FUNKY AS WE BE JAMMIN' with the West Coast's hottest Live 
Reggae bands beginning at 9:00 p.m. plus all MARGARIT AS 
and RUM DRINKS are just 9" (excluding sepcialty frozen 
drinks) and register to win a trip to "THE RANCH" at Cabo. 

R mUllI-OlmmSlOnm nlGHlClUB 

860 Gcrret A\Jef'OO 
Pacific Beach • 272-1241 

-,..-. 



10 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian T h ursday, April 19, 1989 

HYPE ---------------------------------------
ontinued from page 8 

in a way it is like an overkill of the 
issue ," he said. ·'It makes every-
thing centered on one day." 

Even if it is over-hyped, Bis-
chofffeeis Earth Day will be bene-
ficial in the long run. 

"Some people will get tired of 
it," Bischoff sa id. "[But] [ think 
it's doing more good ... people are 
getting scared." 

Due to an increase in media 
attention to the environment, 
people are changing habits that 
may adversely affect the Earth, 
Bi choff said. 

She was "bombarded" by cov-

Self Serve 
Macintosh 

Computers· 
$5.00 per hour 

25¢ loser Prints 
-wilt fOur 5IMNt I.D. 
Offer good tiwough 619190 

4150 Rcgcnts Park Row 
loJolla,CA 92037 

457-1007 

erage of environmental is ue in 
the media. and that "shook me up. 
I really wanted to change things." 

Bi choff stres ed that protec-
tion of the environment doe n ' t 
end with Earth Day. 

"People will have to extend 
[what they learn from Earth Day] 
to their everyday world," Bischoff 
said. "People have to learn a little 
more about what they can do -
day by day." 

Several companies have jumped 
on the Earth Day " bandwagon." 
For example, oil companies like 
ARCa, Chevron, Mobil , and even 

STUDENTS 
Continued from page 8 
tionwide " teach-ins" would raise 
awarenes in a country "barely 
aware of the environmental chal-
lenges it faces." That day, over 20 
million people acro the country 
combined to participate in "clean-
ups." Some groups picked up 
garbage off the s treets , others 
brought cans, paper, and bottles in 
for recycling. At the same time, 
over 500 members of Congress 
attended "teach-ins," where people 
were educated about the various 
ways in which they could bring 
about a healthier environment. The 
activities of Earth Day 1970 com-
bined to fonn one of the largest 
demonstrations in history, and the 
modem environmental movement 
leaped into the national spotlight. 
Within two years, two environ-
mental bills were passed - the 
Clean Air Act and the Health and 
Safety Act - and the Environ-

Exxon have purchased adverti e-
ments stressing the importance of 
protecting the environment. 

Ringer and Karl on doubt the 
sincerity of the oil companies' 
motives. 

" It' s shameful," said Ringer. 
"[They're] playing on the igno-
rance of the American people. It 's 
all propaganda and no action." 

" It 's hard to view the ads with-
out some skepticism," Karlson 
added. "[But] I think it is important 
to look beyond the hype, and see 
the broader issues behind it." 

Both Karlson and Ringer 

mental Protection Agency was 
fomled. 

Exactly 20 years later, Earth 
Day organizers are hoping for a 
imilar impact on both citizens and 

the environment. 
"Twenty years ago, Earth Day 

crystallized the need for an organ-
ized effort to stop environmental 
problems. Now, we need to go a 
step beyond that. The awareness is 
there, but now we have to empha-
size its importance to every single 
person. People need to empower 
themselves," said Steve Ringer, a 
member of the UCSD Earth Day 
Planning Coalition . 

Both Biskoff and Ringer 
stressed that. each person is ca-
pable of helping to clean up the 
environment and responsible for 
doing so. 

"It's time to stop and think about 
how we' re destroying our planet, 
and rethink how we can lead our 
daily lives to stop this process," 
Biskoff said. 

Earth Day is a "commitment for 

pointed to an adverti ement that 
they feel mi u ed the Earth Day 
concept. The advertisement read: 
" Everyday is Earth Day with 
Nuclear Energy." 

" [The adverti ement is] totally 
divorced from environmental is-
sues," Karlson commented. 

Bischoff said that while she is 
skeptical of some environmental 
ads, she feels that perhaps compa-
nies are beginning to realize that 
" they have a stake in it. .. and that 
all of this is going to affect all of 
us." 

Earth Day could become a flash-

the future, " added Ringer, who 
hopes to "get people aware so they 
can do things for the rest of their 
lives" to aid the environment. 

Campus advocates of Earth Day 
1990 are currently circulatingtliers 
around campus, citing areas in 
which individual students can make 
a difference in tenns of the envi-
ronment. These areas include re-
cycling, transportation, home en-
ergy use, water conservation, eat-
ing habits, pesticide use, avoid-
ance of hazardous products, and 
activism. 

Thecoalition has also sponsored 
special events throughout the week. 
Tuesday was Energy Conserva-
tion Day, and that evening Peter 
Maisen, of the Global Energy 
Network,lectured on "Making the 
World Work for 100% of Human-
ity." Maisen believes that present 
solutions will not suffice for our 
generation: "We need to find new 
solutions which will render old 
problems irrelevant." 

Maisen cited a current contro-

in-the-pan eve nt, Karlson said. 
"There' always that possibility," 
he said. "Butthose problems aren't 
going to go away, and I don't think 
it will di sappear completely ." 

The UCSD Earth Day Planning 
Coalition plans to stay together as 
an organization, and continue to 
have events that deal with the 
envi ronment, Ringer said. 

It still remains to be seen what 
impact Earth Day will have on the 
general public. 

" I don't think [Earth Day] will 
change the world - but maybe it 
will ," said Bisc\,1off. 

versy in the oil industry to iIIus-
trale his point. 

"There are court battles going 
on now over giving oil tankers two 
hulls to minimize potential oil loss, 
when we need to recognize oil is 
only going to last 40 or 50 more 
years. When [thecurrentcollegiate] 
generation gets old, there won't be 
any oil left." 

Ringer hopes that environ-
mental issues will not be forgotten 
once Friday passes, and that Earth 
Day will become an annual event: 
"We will not wait another 20 years 
[for the next Earth Day 1." he said. 
With the November elections on 
the political horizon, Ringer an-
ticipates working to get environ-
mental issues on the ballot. 

Ringer, Maisen, and Bischoff 
all mentioned that they hoped to 
put environmental issues onto a 
global agenda. However, there is 
one clear and immediate intention 
for Earth Day, according to Ringer: 
"The point is to get everyone out 
there involved. Now." 

Attention! 
STUDENTS FACULTY STAFF 

Another Housing Option! 
IntrodUCing La Jolla Del Sol. the University of California, 
San Diego's newest housing option. While we are an 
integral part of the UCSD Housing Program, we provide a 
unique environment for Graduate Students, Married 
Students, Faculty and Staff. 
You will be attracted to the distinctive and well-planned 
design of the Community. Our Condo-style one- and 
two-bedroom apartments offer variable if'lterior ameni-
ties including: wood-burning fireplaces; vaulted and 
cathedral ceilings; private patios and balconies; pre-
wiring for cable 1V; kitchens with stove, refrigerator, and 
dishwasher; covered parking aSSignments and off-street 
parking. 
The Community offers for extracurricular activities: two 
solar-heated swimming pools with spas, two lighted 
tennis courts and a weight room. 
Our outstanding location is within walking distance to 
three regional shopping malls: University Towne Center 
(UTC), La Jolla Village Square, Costa Verde, plus a Vons 
Convenience Center. San Diego Transit provides bus 
service that is available for your use from La Jolla del Sol 
to UCSD campus. 
Come visit La Jolla Del Sol, one of the finest facilities in 
the University of California system. 

LA JOLLA DEL SOL 
San Diego, CA 92122 

8046 Regents Road 
587-1221 

Thursday, April 19, 1989 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 11 

Q&A/What is one thing that a person can do to help the environment? 

JIna Carey 
Muir Junior 
Environmental StudIes 
There are a million things we can do I 
We have recycling centers allover 
campus for glass, aluminum, and 
different types of paper. Every 
person's efforts help - just think 
globally and act locally. 

ClIriol deMeIo 
MulrSenJor 
EcoMJSP 
One needs to be socially and 
morally aware of their 
surroundings. If each person 
does one little thing: recycling 
saving water, or using public 
transportation, we will see thai 
the environment problem will 
correct itseH in the future. 

Amy Goldberg 
third Sophomore 
History 
Too many people feel that they 
themselves, will not make any 
difference. One big issue lately is 
Styrofoam. I may feel like if I stop 
using ~ many people still will, so 
why bother stopping . Too many 
people have the attitude that their 
small contribution just won't mailer. 

J.PI Beay 
Third Senior 
Economics 
Follow the news about legislation 
that protects the environment and 
be sure to support it through voting. 
Also boycotting products that 
abuse the environment. 

Matt Moffitt 
Warren Senior 
Arts MedII 
Feel strongly about recycling paper 
and aluminum products i.e. 
newspaper and beer cans. And, I 
never wash my car to save water. 

Photographs and Inlerviews by Sue Mapes 

SAN DIEGO'S 

IIIRE Dr\WEK 
The Book on ~~mployees. 

By all means, if Dad has connections, use 
them. If he doesn't, we're the next best 
thing. We're Hire Power, the multi-media 
source 'students are rurning to for literally 
thousands of direct job connections. 

Here's how it works. As a state of the art 
recruitment service, Hire Power will put you 
in front of hundreds of employers. In all 
kinds of fields, including business, financial, 
retail, medical, legal, and service industries. 

With our help, you'll develop a personal 
profile many times more effective than a 
nonnal resume. Then we'll pubJM it in the 

Hire Power monthly and 
include your pic-

ture if you wish. 
In tum, hun-

dreds of employers who 
subscribe to Hire Power 
will see it and read it. If 
an employer thinks 
you're a possible candi-
date for a job, his or her 
next step will be to call 
our computer base to 
listen to an audio intnr 

ducr.ion you will have pre-recorded. Through 
~ introduction, you'll be able to enhance 
your personal proftle with even more mean-
ingful infonnation about yourself. 

After listening, the prospective employer 
can then leave a message to arrange for a 
person-t<rperson interview. But don't worry. 
This isn't like depending on your roorrunate 

Peroona' prof,le shown above f10I ICtUlliliZ8 

I 
for a message. Our computers will personally 
deliver it and make sure you receive it. 

If you've done your homework, you 
know this kind of exposure is next to impos-
sible to get through a traditional employment 
service. So why not give us a call. For more 
infonnation on how to sell yourself through 
Hire Power, dial ( 619) 492-9700. 

Don't worry about the price eidler. Three 
months in the Hire Power monthly, including 
all the before-mentioned services, will run 
you just $79. And who knows? If you play 
your cards right, maybe Dad will pay for it. 

.. 

-



12 SPOR.TS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 19, 1990 

Sports 
Second and Third Times Are Not the Charm 

Triton Golf Loses to CSUSB in 4-way; Finish Behind Coyotes in Point Lorna Invitational 
By DA A CHAIKEN 
Sports Editor 

Course. 
A downpour shortened the 

competition to 13 holes, with nu-
merous scores reverted to par. 

Wydra explained that this actu-
ally increased several Triton scores, 
and lowered those of a few Coyo-
tes who had not played well on the 
back nine. 

Mario Marin, recently qualified 
into the team 's top six, shot next 
best for UCSD with a 77. 

long, par-72 Ivanhoe courses, 
UCSDfinishedfifthoutoflOteams 
(295-311-606). 

Rain doesn't usually hurt. 
Hail might cause a bit of pain, 

but rain normally doesn't cause a 
lot of harm. 

The number one players for each 
team comprise the lead fo ursome, 
with each successive seed group 
following, so the top players shot 
through the 17th before play was 
stopped. 

"We were about tied at that 
point," Wydra said of when play 
was halted. 

Rounding out the Triton top four 
were Bobby Meyerson with 78, 
and Bob Knee and Mike Rein-
hardt, who both nailed a 79. 

Thomas hummed again, shoot-
ing a team-best, and fourth overall, 
67-77- 144. 

Knee followed close behind, 
finishing around 20th, with a 73-
77-150. 

But, according to UCSD Golf 
Head Coach Mike Wydra, "The 
rain really hurt us." 

Wydra is referring to the dam-
age done to his team's scores in 
Monday 's four-way meet at Cal 
State San Bernardino's Arrowhead 

But, because the sixth group 
only managed 13 holes before the 
storm, scores for all players were 
parred after the 13th. 

Even with medalist Devin 
Thomas ' par 72 (actually one un-
der at the 17th), UCSD finished 
eight strokes behind rival CSUSB, 
298-306, with Redlands (313) and 
Pomona-Pitzer (326) lagging. 

UCSD had another shot at best-
ing its rivals in yesterday's Point 
Lorna Invitational at Rancho San 
Diego Golf Course, but the third 
time was not the charm. 

Meyerson, whom Wydra tags 
as the leader in the race for the 
team's number four spot, bettered 
number three man Reinhardt again. In the 36-hole event over the 

short, par-71 Monte Vista and the See GOLF, page 13 

\VESTER:\ ('OLLE(;I .\TE L.\('I{OSSE LE \(a 'r PI. \YOFFS 

Sven Haynie (I) and Juan Millan will lead the Tritons into Friday's opening-round playoff game against UC Irvine. 

Men's Lacrosse's Second Season Begins Friday 
By PETER KO 
Associate Sports Editor 

It was a little less than one year ago when the UCSD men 's 
lacrosse team dropped a second-round playoff match to power-
house Whittier, and dreams of a league championship evaporated. 

Now, the dream lives again as the Tritons, seeded third in the 
Southern Division of the Western Collegiate Lacrosse League 
Playoffs, begin what they hope is a four-game journey that will 
catapultthem to Berkeley, the site of this year's WCLL final four. 

The road to Berkeley starts this Friday, when UCSD hosts 
sixth-seeded UC Irvine at 5 p.m. at Warren East. 

Triton Coach Bob Macleod hopes that Friday's contest isjust 

the first step on the way to the league title. 
"Our goal at the beginnmg of the year was to make the final 

four," he said. "If we don't.. . it will be disappointing." 

• LACROSSE PLAYOFFS 
First Round vs. UC Irvine (Seeded sixth) 
Friday,S p.m. at Warren East 

is almost unavoidable. 

While MacLeod is 
hesi~t to look past Irv-
ine to a possible second-
round rematch with the 
University of Arizona, it 

The Irvine Anteaters slipped into the 12-team tournament as . 
the last seed in the Southern Division. 

To get to this point, UCI took advantage of administrative 
See M. LAX, page 16 

America's 'Most Beautiful City' is Full of Homers, 
And They're Not All Leaving the Ballpark 

Someone has to say it because too many 
people are thinking it. 

San Diego is the home of the biggest 
group of homers in the English, Spanish, 
French, German, Russ ian and Yiddish 
speaking worlds. 

For those who have lived in this fine city 
all of their lives, and have never experi-
enced the beauty of a Vin Scully or an Al 
Michaels, allow me to explain. 

A homer is a sportsca~ter who is paid an 
outlandish salary to act as the ringleader for 

PETERKO 
the home team's cheering section. 

A homer is the worst type of "journaList. " 
He is the type of journalist who has thrown 
any notion of objectivity clear through the 
living room window and gushes over the 
home team like a runaway firehose. 

The number of homers in San Diego 
seems endless. Kevin Hunt, Jim Laslavic, 
Larry Sacknoff, Rick Powers, and Hank 

Bauer - all ,f them should have to pay for 
the Bob Uecker seats, just like the rest of us . 

But none of them even comes close to the 
man who has to be the most obnoxious, irri-
tating, grating, tear-your-hair-out-of-your-
head broadcaster in America. 

Jerry Coleman. 
Coleman, for those who have no interest 

in spons (in which case, welcome to the 
Spons ection), is the San Diego Padres' 
radio and television broadcaster. 

See HOMERS, page 13 

Women's 
Tennis Gets 
Carbon Copy 
8-1 Victory 
By DANA CHAIKEN 
Sports Editor 

Times change, but things remain the same. 
For the UCSD women's tennis team, two 

months almost to the day passed, and the 
circumstances were different, but, nonethe-
less, the Tritons recorded a carbon copy 8-1 
victory over Point Loma Nazarene (9-9). 

In the original version, all the Tritons 
(12-4) were healthy and blew by the cross-
town Crusaders. 

In the sequel, st;veral of the top-ranked 
UCSD players were nursing chronic inju-
ries and gave the stage to their understudies 
in the travelling version of this matchup. 

First-year player Robyn Inaba subbed in 
for Christine Behrens, who is suffering 
through shin splints, at the top singles slot. 

Inaba, usually the number two mainstay, 
downed the Crusaders ' top seed Kim Wright 
6-4,6-3. 

Behrens defeated Wright by identical 
game scores in the teams' first meeting on 
Feb. 14 at UCSD. 

lnaba also stepped in at number one 
doubles, with Janet Whalen, and manag<>.d a 
two-set victory. 

Though usually the second slate team, 
they managed a 7-5, 6-4 edging ofPLNC's 
normal top combination of Wright and Shan-
non Anderson. 

Other scores were not available at press 
time. 

The Tritons final action before Nationals 
comes in the form of Occidental, this Satur-
day at 11 a.m, followed by another home 
match with UC Santa Cruz the next Satur-
day atlO a.m. 

The Tritons begin defending their na-
tional title May 13 in Trenton, NJ. 

ON THE HOME FRONT 

.". WEEKBfJ'S DON7IMJS EVENTS 
WHAT: Men's Volleyball 
WHEN: Friday and Sawrday at 7 p.Ol. 
WHERE: Main Gym 
WHO: San .. Clara and Menlo 
WHY: Final homo pmaa of the season 
and the defending champion Tritons 
have a cbeoce 10 go undefeated in the 
Pacific Coast Volleyball Conference 
- again. 

Thursday, April 19, 1990 The UCSD Guardian SPOR.TS 13 

GOLF: Playing Second Fiddle to CStJSB ~rJ£*2, Continued from page 12 Meyerson hit 75-81 -156, while Reinhardt suffered an 80 on the 
short course, but managed a 78 on 
I vanhoe to salvage a 158. 

Wydra com m en te d that 
Reinhardt 's and Matt Stottern's 
(83-79-162) scores were a bit of a 
rarity in that both shot better on the 

longer Ivanhoe course. 
While both are considered long 

hitters, "it just shouldn ' t happen," 
according to Wydra, who expected 
a 600, but was still pleased with the 
team's overall performance. 

The rival Coyotes (282-~96-
578), woo are moving to Division 
II next year, were barely edged out 

by NAIA powerhouse Grand Can-
yon College(281-296-577). 

USD's Creighton Aopani led 
the entire field with a four-under 
67-72- 139. 

The difference between UCSD 
and CSUSB? 28 strokes. That is 
more than twice the difference 

See GOLF, page 17 

The t( ltiiKQte 
Sang/ass Shoppe 

Over 45 name brands & 2,000 'rames in stock 'rom $5 to $500 
• Special orders' ski goggles 
••••••••••••• I ucso COUPON I up. &i3'9O I , I 

I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
II Eyes 011 DtII list Mon.-Sat. 10·9 1555 CImino Del Mar II 

Dellllr Plaza Sun. 11-6 Street Level • 792-9211 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

Robyn Inaba substituted in, and won 6-4, 6-3, at the top singles slot. (See story opposite page.) 

HOMERS 
Continued from page 12 

If gi ven enough time (about two 
seconds ought to do it), he can tum 
Jack Clark into Babe Ruth, Tony 
Gwynn into Ted Williams, make 
Leon "Bip" Roberts (Yes, Leon) 
the next Rickey Henderson, and 
make enough confusing statements 
to scramble Nietzsche. 

Unlike most of the players, the 
spring training lockout has in no 
way hurt him. Coleman is always 
in top form. 

lust one week into the season, 
he has already made enough ludi-
crous statements to cortvert the 
Grand Canyon into the world's 
biggest landfill. 

lust a few samples: 
On Garry Templeton, after the 

Templeton makes a play in the 
hole - a routine play any second-
string shonstop in baseball can 
make: "Tempy has to be the best 
defensive shortstop in baseball." 

The best? Anyone who has a 
passing familiarity with baseball 
knows that the reason Templeton 
was traded early in his career from 
the St. Louis Cardinals to the 
Padres, for Ozzie Smith, was be-
cause he couldn't play defense. 

His throw~ had a better chance 
ofhitling Whitey Herzog's mouth 
than Keith Hernandez's mitt. 

Granted, Templeton has im-
proved. But I can still list at least 
10 better defensive shortstops. 

INTfRCOll EGIATE SCORFS 

GOlF 
at San Bernardino four- way mH1 
CSUS8 298. UCSD 306. Redlands 313, 
Pomona· Pitzer 326 
Medalist: Devin Thomas. 72 

WOMEN'S TENNIS (12-4' 
UCSD d. POint Lorna Nazarene, 8·1 

XTRA THIS WEEK S EVENTS 

HOllE EVENTS'" BOLD 
CYCLING 

at Cal Poly SLO. Saturday·Sunday. TBA 
MEN'S LACROSSE 

W .... m Callegiale LK,.,. .. LNg'" 
""'yo"" Y'. UC Irvl .... Frldey, 5 p.m. 

WOMElfS LACROSSE 
11 UCSD Open Tour_t, Seturcgy-
Sundlly, All Day 

On Benito Santiago after San-
tiago catches a pop-up behind home 
plate (I'm serious here): "Benny 
has to be the best catcher ever." 

The best? Ever? What about 
Johnny Bench, Carlton Fisk, Yogi 
Berra, Bob Boone, and Gary Car-
ter? HasSantiagoeverhit30home 
runs? Has he ever had 100 RBIs in 
a season? Has he ever been the 
MVP - of anything? The guy's 
good, but the best? Not even close. 

On the Padres' recent road trip 
to San Francisco: "1lIe [San Fran-
cisco] papers have been full of 
headlines like 'Ready fortheShow-
down.' Well, we're here." 

We're here? Pardon me, but I 
don ' t see Senor Coleman taking 
Kevin Mitchell line drives up the 
right nostril and I don't see him 
chasing down a Will Clark double. 

Somebody should remind him 
that he stopped managing the club 
over 10 years ago. 

Among his other broadcasting 
sins (besides losing his objectiv-
ity) are pet names for the players. 
Robens is the Bipster, Templeton 
is Tempy, Santiago is Benny and 
- worst of all - Ed Whitson is 
Eddie Lee. 

Furthernlore, his gushing ad-
miration for the Padres is worse 
than the chill you get down your 
spine when people scratch their 
nails on a chalkboard. 

For instance, who is this doctor 
guy he keeps screaming about? 

You know, when a good play is 

leA THIS WEEK S EVENTS 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD 
BASEBAlL Y'. The _ .... (OH), Setu...." _ 
CREW 

GOLF 

SMI otego CIty Chemplonohipo, Sunday, 
7 a.m., Minion lley 

Y'. La VHM. Wl111tler. end PLNC. Friday. 
1 p.m., Torrey PI .... South 

SOFTBALL 
Y'. La V ..... (OH) , Frldoly, 1 p.m. 

MEN'S TENNtS 
Y •. Loyola ...,mounl. Toelly. 3 p.m. 
VI. Cleremont, Frktey, 2 pm. 

WOMEN'S TENNIS 
y •• Occlden .. l, S.turCley, 11 I .m. 

TRACK AND FIELD 
.t Pomona'P,lzer Invitational. Friday. 11 
8.m 
.t MI. SAC Relays. Saturday,Sunday. All 
Day 

MEN'S VOLLEYBALL 
YS. SMlra Clar., Friday, 7 p.m. 
Y' . ...... 0 CoUaga, salurday, 7 p.rn. 

made . .. no, I should clarify this -
when a good play by the Padres is 
made, he bellows, "Oh, Doctor! 
You can hang a star on that one!" 

This is baseball. What does a 
doctor have to do with anything? 

You try 10 avoid the man, but 
he's everywhere. 

Turning down the sound on the 
radio sort of defeats the purpose. 

On television, you can tum the 
sound off. But then the television 
station's producer has come up 
with a moronic gimmick just to 
remind you that Coleman exists. 

When Coleman yells for his 
physician, some creative Einstein 
hangs a star by the player, accom-
panied by the words "Oh Doctor'" 

Oh please. 
Formy money, this is one homer 

I wish Jack Clark would hit out of 
the ballpark. 

WORDS & MUSIC 
A BOOK GALLERY 

Between Us 
• a _iced theateT piece· 

When: Tuesday &. Thursday, April 24 & 26 
Wednesday & Thursday, May 2 & 3 
8:00p.m. 

Where: Words &. Music Book GaUery 
3806 Founh Avenue, Hillcrest 

What: BETWEEN US explores the relationships that fili" 
our lives and how our experience of these relationships 
colors our sense of hope and purpose. 

For Reservations: (619) 298-4011 
Admission $6.00 

3806 FOURTH AVENUE. HILLCREST 
• SAN DIEGO. CA. 92103 • (619) 298-4011 

,.--------.. --~----------~ ~ ill 
t 

i 

yo {J Co A "/r GeT IT tJ,.f Y.., IIIl. MIN 0 
lOtally natural SMARTFOOO" A,,-popped popcorn smothered on white cheddar cheese 

... 



r 

.-

14 CLASSIFIEDS 

CI ... 1tIed IICIYertlalng la sold In 1 S-
word Incrementa. The ritepet' 15 words 
Is $1 for atuclenta, S3 for faculty and 
ltaff, .nd 14 for others. payment In 
adv.nce Is raqulred; thenfore, adl 
muat be mailed with • check (mIde 
pay.bl. to The UCSO Guardian) or 
prnentad In perwon. PINM hav •• xact 
change. ONeIll"",, 3 p.m. Thuradlly 
for ~Y'I paper and 3 p.m. ~y 
for Thuradlly'a paper. TIle Guardian 
reserves the right to r.fus. any 
advertlalng including but not IImI1ed 
to companionship ada. For more 
Inform.tlon c.1I 534-5416. The 
Guardian, UCSD, B-016, La Jail., CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
ONE MONTH IN POLAND· HUNGARY· 
CZECHOSLOVAKIA· EAST GERMANY 
$1 ,495, includes air. These rates available 
for nonstudents also. Tibor, 444·8234; 
Ann. 459-0883. (412-4130) 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides warmth. 
education. prayer. socializing. Connect 
with Union of Jewish Students! 502 
Matthews; east of the Price Center. Can 
Rabbi Slotnick. 534-2521 . (412·617) 

Third College Semi· formal tickets now on 
sale in Third Dean's office and Office of 
Residential Life. Don't miss "That Magic 
Moment. .. " April 28. Tickets just $ 10 
each, but space is limited, so don~ delay I 
(4/9-4126) 

Be the Revelle Student Graduation 
Speaker. Applications at Dean's office. 
Deadline: April 27 @ 4 p.m. (4/9-4126) 

Get involved with Revelle Government. 
Applications at Dean's office. Deadline: 
Apri l 20th. (4/9-4/1 9) 

[hRTH DAY WEEKEND. The largest 
human event to ever occur. 100 million 
people will join together worldwide to take 
action to SAVE OUR EARTH! Saturday, 
Apri l 21. Grape Day Park, Escondido, 10-
3. and Sunday. April 22. Balboa Park. 
San Diego. 9-5. (4/9-4/19) 

Scholarships/Grants for college area 
available. Millions go unclaimed yearly. 
Call 1-800-334-3881 . (4112-617) 

Writing helpl Professional. private. meet 
your deadline. your convenience, money 
back guarantee. Jim 481 -1810. (4/12-
617) 

Phi Delta Theta is sponsoring a car wash 
on Friday 4120 to benefit the Special 
Olympics. It will be held in the Pepper 
Canyon cui de sac from 11-5 and will cost 
$3. (4119) 

Tables 
40%00 
Most tables in lock on ale. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Need practical experience for your career 
job· and don't know how to get H1 Come 
to the AS Internship office Info Night on 
Tuesday. April 24. 6-7 p.m. room 3AB 
(Davis· Riverside) Price Center (above 
theater). Get an internship for summer or 
fall quarter and get an edge over other 
students I Call ASIO at 534-4689 for more 
Into. (4116-4123) 

CAREER CONVERSATION will be held 
with Dr. Doris Howell M.D. Do you have 
questions or concerns about a pending 
career in medidne? Ever wonder which 
medical school to apply to. and how on 
earth to get admitted? Then join us in an 
informal setting on Sunday. May 6th at 6 
p.m. to discuss these and other topics with 
someone who knows. Sponsored by 
United Campus Minislry UCSD. Free with 
RSVP · 534-2521 . (4116-4119) 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL. Write a 
letter. save a life. Meetings Tuesdays 
5:30 GH 1205. It matters. (4116-4/19) 
World Peace Meeting. Life and Teachings 
of Ogamisama. Gallery A - Price Center. 
Sat 4128 1 :3D-3:30p.m.(4119-4123) 
Come out and support the Easter Seals 
cerebral palsy swim meet with KKG. 
Sun. April 22. natatorium. (4/19) 

ESPRIT AND TWEEDS FACTORY 
OUTLET LIQUIDATION CLOTHING 
SALEII. Open 3 days onlyll Friday 4120. 
and Saturday 4/21 (10a.m.-6p.m.). 
Sunday 4/22 (12-5). Famous maker 
brand name clothing on sale at drastically 
discounted prices. Everything priced at 
50% • 90% below retail prices I 80% of all 
merchandise is priced below $151 Pants. 
tops. shorts, dresses. sweaters. sweats. 
jackets and much much more all priced 
to move outthis weekend. Womenswear. 
Menswear. clothes for kids. Go 4 lights 
east of the 805 off Miramar Road to 8250 
Camino Santa Fe. Hotline45D-3323. 10% 
DISCOUNT FOR STUDENTSI (4119) 

SERVICES 
Olga Sari Electrologist, 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-
1962. (412-513) 
PAPERS TYPED I Quick & affordablel 
$2Ityped double-spaced page. Call LJ 
Colony Resumes & Professional Typing 
Services. 455-8357. One-day service 
available. Laser Printing ! Choice of 35 
typestyles! (412-617) 

TYPINGIIII I'1i type your term papers etc. 
Quickly and inexpensively. Laser printer. 
Call Jennifer: 558·6090. (4/9-4130) 

Polish your prose I Editing. proofreading. 
expert word processing. Menlee's Editorial 
Services. 2n-9229 after 3 p.m. (4/9. 
4123) 
Typing/Word Processing : Academic 
manuscripts. papers. theGes. letters, 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (4/9-513) 
Rent· a·brain 24-hr. writing tutor ; 
outstanding A-student UC grad save this 
numberl Make de~ines Jim 481-1810. 
(4/12-617) 

TYPING -theses. term. Ph.Os. Legal. All 
formats. RUSH JOBS. MARIE 931-9596 
(4112-617) 

Surfing· finally do it. tun. safe. 20 years 
experienced lifeguard. water safety 
Instructor Jim 481-1810. (4112-617) 

Hostels In Australia for $1 O/nite. Up and 
down the coast Fare Deals Travel 800-
878-2929. (4/16-513) 

MIDTERMS? TUTORING: Math. Physics 
and beginning programming. Graduate 
with OASIS and TA qualifications. John 
453-31 94. (4/19-513) 

COMPUTER REPAIR . upgra.ding ; 
soltware installation; help and tutoring. 
CALIFORNIA BYTE · we come to you ! 
744-7847. (4/19-4130) 

WANTED 

Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a study 
on the effects of alcohol. It you are a 
UCSD student or non·academic staff. 
American born male of entirely Japanese. 
Chinese, or Korean descent, call Scripps 
Clinic and Research Foundation for more 
information. 554-2192. (412·617) 
Asthma Research. Mild to moderate 
asthmatics ani needed to help evaluate 
new medications. Earn up to $250 and 
receive a free physical and medicetions. 
Clinical Trials Center. Phone 294-3787. 
(315-4130) 

HELP WANTED. $9.85 to start. National 
retail chain filling 15 openings. No 
experience ·required. Scholarships 
available. No door to door or phone sales. 
Call 565-1533 9-3 p.m. (3112-4130) 
Research subjects: Healthy menstruating 
women ages 18-30 wHh long. irregular 
cydes. Dally biood drawing. SleepingwHh 
night light x 5 nights. $10.00/blood. 
($300.00 + total). Message: 552-8585 
ext. 3219. Say "Menstrual Study." (4/9. 
4126) 
COORS LIGHT POSTER GIRL 
INTERVIEWING : ATIRACTIVE GIRLS. 
POSITIVE ATIITUDESI Coors Dis!. : 12 
p.m .• 5 p.m, 4124/90. 7545 Carroll Rd. 
S.D. 92121 . Calif. Studio Productions 
(213) 676-4422. (419-4123) 

Retail·Sales part time evenings + 
weekends. Kids clothes in P .B. 581·3906. 
(419-4/19) 
CAMP COUNSELORS wanted for an 
adventurous summer day camp in West 
Los Angeles . Must be responsible. 
energetic. carlng. and have experience 
working with children. (213) 472-7474. 
(4/9·4/19) 
TRITON FEST TODAY IN REVELLE 
PLAZAI COME CHECK IT OUTI 

LIFEGUARDS / SWIMMING 
INSTRUCTORS wanted for an outdoor 
pool at a summer day camp In West los 
Angeles. Experiencad with current WSI. 
ALS & CRP oer1IfIcates. (213) 472-7474. 
(419-4119) 
RECREATIONAL VOLLEYBALL 
REFEREE Needed to work Tuesday and 
Thursday nights. from 7:30 p.m .• 9:30 
p.m .• May 22 through July 5th. Apply at 
Shiley Sports & ~ Center of Scripps 
Clinic. 10820 N. TOIT8Y Pines Rd.. La 
Jolla. 554-3488. EOElWFIH (419-4119) 
Earn $500-$1500 part time. stuffing 
envelopes in you' home. For free info. 
sendaself·addI .... d. stamped envelope 
10: P.O. Box 81953. Albuquerque. NM 
87198. (4112-4128) 
EARTH DAY VOlUNTEERSIl Needed 
now. Last chanes. Creative. souHuI. and 
fun.Call 481-1810 or 465·3241 . (4112-
4/19) 
ATTENTION· HIRING! Government jobs 
- your area. $17.840 • $69,485. CallI· 
602-838-8885. Ext R-18113. (4116-4130) 

ACTORS: Wanl to be In student fllms. get 
acting experience behind the camera? 
Join the Har~e Student film club's 
acting community. Call Maureen 222· 
0959. (4116-4119) 
Spring into the UCSD Annual Fund on 
campus. flexible evening hours. $7/hr. 
Call 587-1585. (4116-4126) 

ATTENTION: EARN MONEY TYPING 
AT HOMEI $32.OOOIyr. income potential. 
Details (1 )602-838-8885 Ext T-1 8113. 
(4/16-4/30) 

MAKE EVERY DAY EARTH DAY. 
SummerCampaignsforthe Environment. 
Earn $2500-$3500. Help pass the Clean 
Air Act. tighten pesticide controls. and 
promote comprehensive recycling. Work 
available in 18 sta!8s& D.C. Kate 800175-
EARTH. (4119-4130) 
Part time office help. Need responsible 
person for data entry. appointment 
scheduling. misc. office work. Computer 
experience helpful. Flexible hours. easy 
going almosph.... Five minutes from 
campus. $5.50-$7.5OII1r. Jim 558-6263. 
(4119) 
BASS PLAYER: VIcIous Butterfly Fantasy 
needs one nowl Hard rock styte. Loren 
587-0109. Craig 568-2628. (4119-4123) 

Computers - MeeTemps. a temporary 
employm.nt ag.ncy with offices 
nationwide. now open In S.D. Interviewing 
temps with Mac sIdIIIln word processing, 
graphics dasign, deIIdop publishing. etc. 
Call 299-3500. (4119) 

Re .. arch Aa.ocl.t. • Chemlatry. 
Perform research & development of 
organic compounds In collaboration with 
others. Synthesis. purification and 
quantitative analysis . B.S.lB.A. In a 
scientific discipline wHh knowledge or 
familiarity of various organic synthetic 
methodologies & analytical techniques; 
experience In nucleotide chemistry a plus. 
R •••• rch Aa,ocl.t. • Product 
Dev.'opment. Perform research & 
development In coIIeboration with others 
for projects. Makel dataillld observations. 
analyzes data & Intarprets results. Prepare 
technical reports. protocols & quantitative 
analyses. B.S. In a scientific discipline 
with 2-5 years related lab experience. 
Send resume to M.B.I.. HR Dept .• 10030 
BannesCanyon Rd. SO. CA92121. (4119) 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 

I 
I 
I 

hot chocolate! 10 oUoV 00 .. 
11-1 1 Fri . & Sat. 

LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd .. Ste. 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

, '.M~ 
'0.\ k,)Ilo 1010110 ", ,'loW' (0101'. 

Mo l I't • • 

Ao,ll>-lP 

ul( 

: }-

--------------------

25% OFF CIty small, medl"" Of large frozen yogurt I I I 
I VoId with any othElr orter. Toppings not Included. Expires 4/22/90 I L ____________________ ~ 

Thursday, April 19, 1990 

BABYSITIER in Clairemont home lor 2 
toddlers Fridays thru June. 7 hrs. S41hr. 
Call Kelly 270-1870. (4119·4123) 

FOR SALE 
Desk, book hutch. printer table. Good 
quality. hardy used. $100 for an. Cal 
Wendt 546-9112. (4112-4126) 

Janet Jackson concert tickets for sale 
$70.00 o.b.o. Conc:en on April 23. 199 '. 
Call Myra 565-8311 (9:30 p.m .• 11 :30 
p,m.) or Manuel 470·4738 (leave 
message). (4112-4119) 

1984 Toyota Celica GT,. white with blue 
int. sunroof. AlC. power steering. and 
brakes. FMlAM cass. stereo. excellent 
condition. $5450 o.b.o .• caJl487'1 075. Iv. 
messg. (4112-4123) 

Futon oak sofa/bed w~h 6" futon . Full 
$174.00 queen $184.00. covers $19.00 
with preceding. 4807 Mercury. Warehouse 
·F." Open Thursdays through Sundays. 
Appointmentsothertimes. 292-4673.569-
7081 . (4/16-4123) 
Macintosh two·page display and video 
card - like new. $1550. BiU 755-7418. 
(4/16-4/19) 

'79 Fiesta. runs well , has had all 
maintenance. 97.000 miles. $850 o.b.o. 
299-4951. (4/16-4/19) 

'85 Honda Elite: runs great. just tuned. 
Has parking sticker. $550 o.b.o. Call Paul 
792-0235. (4/16-4119) 

Surfboard: 6'4" Local Motion thruster. 
squash tail. In good condition . $130. Ask 
for Jessie. 422-2602. (4116-4I19t 

Gu~ar Sunburst Fender Strat amp. 65 
watt fender sidekick $450 together o.b.o. 
separate. Mike 454-05901. (4116-4/30) 

VCR Toshiba· remote control. on saeen 
programming. like new. Paid $350 seI for 
$250. Portable Radio Cassette Hitachi· 
double cassette like new. PaId $125 sell 
for $90. 558-0547. (4116-4119) 
Bike· 24" Romeo. shlmano Index shifting, 
MMO wheels. Aer02 bars. odometer. 
Xtraa, 458-9119. John $395. (4Il~19) 

VW RabbIt. '77 Champagne color. New 
tires. palnt. interior, supetbcondltion.--r 
reliable. $ I .950. 944-9008. (4118-4126) 

J_t Jackson tickets. April 23 Prlme 
Seats. Mark. 278-0370 atter 6:00 p.m. 

(411~3) 

Glaslpar. trl·hull whaler style 1975 
Evlnrude. Trailer and all .xtras Included. 
SI3OO10.b.o. Call Dan Lorch 454-SEXI. 
(4119-513) 
Calcufator & Desk HP 285 $100 Extra 
manuals case and stand. 4' x 3' desk ~O. 
452-3219. (4119) 

'65 Ford Mustang. very nice. runs 
excellent. lois of .xtr_. 54.700 o.b.o. 
Aaron 558-6565. (4119-4126) 
Buy Real Estate I Earn equity for your 
Mure and save on taxes. Don't waste 
money on rent. Many homes and condos 
tor seIe in the university area. Don 457-
2730. (4119) 
TRITON FEST TOO A Y IN REVELLE 
PLAZA! SUPPORT UCSO ATHLETtCS. 

INTERNATIONAL 
HOUSE 
1990/91 

Pick up Application. 

·r .. II1I ........ '. 
• ... tl ... .. 
• pst ... wi 1111 •• 
... ,,. .... . 

Due April 27 

Thursday, April 19, 1990 

HP28S Advanced Scientific Calculator wi 
manuals. leather case. Donnelly "Pocket 
Book: Grapevine ' Easy Course In .. . : 
Wickes "Insights," Melr·Jedrzejowlcz 
·Customize ... ," Rush Systems Hook·up 
(PC Interface) four HP application guides. 
HP Service Agreement. Total Value over 
$400. Take alltorSl95. Call Steph at 940-
8532. (4/19) 

Ski boots, weights: Solomon SX70 mens' 
size 9 $40; Iron weight set + benchpress 
$40. 792-9817. (4/19-4130) 

Fulton Frame Computer desk all $150.00 
Call 463-0929 7 a.m. - 8:30 a.m. or after 9 
p.m. (4119-4123) 

VW Rabbit Diesel . 1980, vg . condition. A 
steal at $10001 Phone 450-4671. le'!v!! 
message. (4/19-517) 

HOUSING 
Want to make money while you are out of 
town this summer? Rent your house. 
apartment or part thereof to responsible 
law students who will be clerking at Seltzer 
Caplan Wilkins & McMahon in San Diego. 
Please call Maria Macias at 294-2801 
Extension 135 for further information. 
(4/2-4130) 

In Mira Mesa all upstairs, 2 BR .• 1 BA. 
large living, kitchen. wash/dryer. canyon 
view, near bus. 1-5, 15 minutes to UCSD. 
$250 each room. Raut 271 -7260/534-
2858. (4120) 

LJ condo to share wi female. 2 BR, 
security. all amenities, garage. tennis, 
pool. etc,. walk to UCSDI shopping. non-
smoking, prefer grad. student. $437.50. 
Available June. 458-9168. (4/2,4/30) 

Subletting your apartment this summer? 
Local law firm seeking summer housing 
for law derks. Call Karen at 699-3542 
with details. (412-5110) 
International House applications available 
at Resident Deans' offices. International 
Center and I RIPS. Due 4127/90. (419-
4126) 
Room. board. small salary; care for boy. 
9. evenings. weekends. Female 
nonsmoker. Del Mar. 481·6115. (4116-
4123) 
Seeking female roommate to share 
bedroom In La Jolla $241/month available 
May 1st. Roxane 457-4785, (4/16-4/23) 

Share 2 BR apartment near beach In Del 
Mar. 380.00 month + utilities. Linda 481-
3797. (4119-4126) 
Single Room for rent. Del Mar Hgts. $300 
+ 1/4 util. Call 755-5856. (4/19-4123) 

Duplex 4 bd. 2 112 bath house; pool/ 
tennis. Walk to UCSD. Best location. 
$1750. 459-2935;551·9203. (4/19-4130) 
Spacious tri ·level Cambridge 
condominium; 2 bd. 2.5 bath fireplace. 
pool/spa. Walk to Ralphs. $1300. 459-
9401 (4119-4123) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Lost: blue & white baseball cap with 
Federal Bureau of Investigations insignia. 
Negotiable reward. 587-0223. (4/16-4/19) 

REWARD for missing Che Cafe banner 
that was last seen on the gym stepsll534-
2311. (4/19-4123) 

Lost on 4110 In USB 2722 a burgundy 
leather organizer and Psych 104 book. 
I'm desperate to have it back. If found. 
PLEASE call Donya. 457-2890. (4/19) 

PERSONALS 
ONE MONTH TOURING POLAND -
HUNGARY -CZECHOSLOVAKIA· EAST 
GERMANY · $1,495, includes air fare. 
This rate \1OOd for nonstudents also. Tibor, 
444·8234; Ann, 459-0883. (412-4130) 

BLOCK PARTY APRIL 27 FROM 4-6 
P.M. IN THE FIRE LANE OF THE 
WARREN APARTMENT COMPLEX. 
(4/9-4iHI) 
International House Applications available 
at Resident Deans' Offices. International 
Center and IRIPS due 4/27/90. (4/9-4126) 

FLOWERS. Just lhe word creates 
excitement. Stop by Carrie 's Flower Shop 
and see why our fresh assortments can 
really excite a friend! 7777 Girard Ave. 
454-3535. (4/12-4123) 

Jostens rep at Bookstore. April 30 - May 
2. 10:00 - 3:00 Sale on your college ring . 
(4/16-4/19) 
Congratulations to the fraternities on 
Spring Rush. Can't wait to meet the new 
pledges. Sigma K. (4119) 
To the sisters of AOPi and their escorts: 
May the twinkling stars of heaven and 
Neptune's majestic sea. make your AOPi 
Roseball all that your dreams hoped they 
would be. (4/19) 

ZBT & Sigma Kappa breakin' loose on 
Tuesday night. It sure beat studying. 
Thanks. Sigma K. (4/ 19) 

Go Team. Sigma Kappa this weekend in 
ISVTI Bump. set and spike that ball ! 
(4119) 

Give me an A·L·P·H-A 
Give me an O·M·I·C·R-o:N 
Give me a P·I 
What does that spell? Alpha Omicron Pi. 
Good luck at ISVT. AOPi l1l Love. Jennifer 
Oh. (4/19) 
Congrats to the newly elected Sigma Pi 
officers; especially the voluptuous new 
president: Greg Wagnerll (4/19) 
Thanks SAEI We had a great time rockin 
and rollin with you '50s stylel Super 
exchange - KKG. (4/19) 
Julie Vargo - Welcome to KKGI We're all 
so proud to call you our sister . 
Congratulations I Love everyone. (4/19) 
Scholarships/Grants for college area 
available. Millions go undaimed yearly. 
Gall 1-60D-334-3881 . (4119) 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Viii. La Jolla Dr. 

" ~~;;~~;;~~~~~~Th~e~pr~in~c~elon Review is the most 
IlttNcETON : effective GMAT prep course offered 
REVIEW __ lod.y. Call now for the fa CIS. 

- 695-9952 
.r,,",el'1 for J~CUJ 

.-.-_U......,. ..... ~T ...... -.. ___ . ff.I ........ 'tlt.n.p.,_ .. M.y ..... 

The UCSD .Guardian CLASSIFIEDS 15 

COMPAa DIS 5.99 
TO FIT YOUR BODGET __ ~ 

FEATURES ..• 
The Chiffons-Sweet Talking 

Guy 
The lIarvetett.s-

Beechwood 4-5789 
The Supremes-Baby Love 
The Dixie Cupe-Chapel Of 

Love 
IIwtha • The Vandellas-

Jimmy Mack 
••• PLUS MORE 

FEATURES ... 
Anthrax-Caught In The 

Mesh 
Lha Ford-Kiss Me Deadly 
lIegadeth·ln My Dart<est 

Hour 
J~ Satrlanl.Crushing Day 
Great Whlt.Save Your 

Love 

... PLUS MORE 

FEATURES ... 
Public Enemy·Don·t Believe 

The Hype 
Kool lloe OM- Wild Wild 

West 
Salt-N-P.pa-Get Up 

Everybody. Get Up 
Doug E. Fr.ah-Risin' To The 

Top 
2 Live CrllW'Doo Wah Diddy 

... PLUS MORE 

OTHER PARTY COMPILATIONS 5.99 CD 
Chubby Checkers Dance Party • More 60's Jukebox Favorites 

Sweet • SouHuI 50'. • Jazz CIa •• 1es • Ultimate 50'. Party • Rap Beginnings Vol. 1 

THE EDGE 
OF ROCK 
9.99 CD 
4.99 am 

Camper Van Beethoven-Pictures Of 
,..-,_._' ___ ' __ --" Matchstick Men 
< I lucinda Wllliams-I Just Wanted To See ~ ~: ~ t ~~. \ DI;:U"~ ~~~ust like Heaven I ~ at" I .... ...,.."" ~ Winter Hours-Roadside Flowers 
I ~ \Aril' I CION Lobsters-Lovely Little Swan 
i .. ~;.. - " . -.- ' Syji Straw-Future 4O's (CS51 '.'.;... ,~! !JI. ! lIarya Danlsh·Can I Have A Smoke Dude ~' ,_,_ ( The lIeat Puppets-Light 

_"' ___ ''' .. -_"-_" -__ . _- __ ,,_../ ... ~ The Lemon Heads-Luka 5.,. andI 

~ h ... -/ ')- ej 'C", I<. 

Wlr.1 n VIVO AptU 24. 1110 

ELCAJON SPORTS ARENA 
3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 

COLLEGE AREA 
796 Fletcher Parkway 

across from PIiI1Iwey Plaza 
O"'N to aM TO 10 PM 

VIDEO 
3393 Kemper SI. 

MUSIC VIDEOS 

6405 EI Cajon Btvd. 
nexllo Arl SI. Post Off. 

VIDEO SAlES & RENTAlS! 

,.----------.. ---------------. ~ 

AIr'popped popcorn smothered In Whit cheddar Cheese 

-

--



" 

16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 19, 1990 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS By PHll.. GRUEN 
Editor in Chief 

M. LAX: Playoff Preview 
(Phil is currently 18-15) 

This Weekend's Series Favorite Padres 
Spread 
One Game* 

Underdog 
Giants 

PHll.. 'S ANAL YSIS ... " What we did this weekend was send a message to the Giants: 
'You guys aren ' t even going to be competing with u this year.' And pretty soon, we'll 
be ending that same mes age to the Reds." - Mark Parent, Padre Reserve Catcher, 
quoted on the front page of Monday 's Los Angeles Times sports ection. Padre reserve 
catcher. Padres. Reserve. Reserve. Are the Padres - the San Diego Padres - really 
popping off eight games iniO ihe ~ea~C!1? Wh J ? Why? Oh, yeah. They sent a message 
to the Reds, all right. I gue s that message must have read omething like: "We're just 
kidding about thi s early- eason success. Really, it 's all been ajoke." The Reds beat 'em 
two straight. And the Giants will put them back in their place - more like fifth place 
- this weekend. Oh yeah . . . before I forget . .. what is a Mark Parent? Somebody please 
tell me. PHIL says ... TAKE THE GIANTS 

· Officiallmc from FaltUtg Dot""l S,ain. In A Huny. Clutz County, CA 

ontinued from page 12 
problems at Occidenlal and a 
scheduling crisis at Pepperdine. 

On March 10, the Tritons de-
feated the Anteater 23-7. 

"In all honesty, they ' re not a 
very good team," MacLeod said. 

According to MacLeod, the key 
for UCSD will be to get back on 
track and play up to itS ability. 

"We've had some illnesses and 
injuries, and we have not played 

, .. 
real well . 

"We need to play aggressively. 
In this type of game, our opponent 
i ourselves," MacLeod said. 

One problem area for the Tri -
tons will be on defense, where jun-
ior defenseman and tri-captain 
Orion A1calay is sidelined for the 
remainder of the season. 

Alcalay injured his knee a week 
and a half ago in the Western States 
Tournament at Santa Clara. 

" Defensively, we' re hurting a 
little bit. We need good perform-
ances from JohnButlerand Darren 
Gaspary," Macleod said. 

"We've been gelling sensational 
play for the last month from Tony 
Prestigiacomo in goal, and that 
needs to continue," he added. 

On offense, Macleod is hoping 
that 1!nackrmm Ed Cheng has re-
covered from a bout with mono. 

Otherwise, the Tritons will be 
led by leading corers and tri-cap-
tainsJuan Millan and Sven Haynie. 

The winner will face Arizona, 
which has a first-round bye. UCSD 
lost to the Wildcats 10-8 on Feb. 
24. 

Co-Ed 
EIGHT BALL 

AppleCare 
Half price sale! 

Tournament 
Buy the AppleCare extended warranty 
now for 12 months and only pay for 
6 months! 

Date: April 26, 1990 
Time: 6 p .m. 

Place: Price Center Gameroom 
CASH PRIZIS! 

Add AppleCare to existing warranty on your Macintosh computer 
or buy new coverage. This offer good for a limited time only! 
(Expires May 31,1990.) Limited to 1 year purchase. 

ign up at the Gameroom today! 

The Claan Solullon 
10 Insomnia 

~SPfE[)'t COIN WASH 
Corner of Grand & Lamont 

Pacific Beach 
OPEN 24 HOURS 
Closed Sundays u nt il m id night 
do your wash with us! 

London Uti 
PariS $61. 
'I'IInldurt $650 
VIenna $67. 
Madrid $61. 

Fares are rol.l'lCirip. AeSlric:lions cia applyl 
Ask ...... oar lUI 

student ........ _ fro. 
$41" 

CGIIICI Ticll 
UCSD ,...CE CE~TEA 

(by the 'Olt omcC» 

For further information, caJl the Computer Center 
at 5341 4291 

IF YOU DON'T KNOW 
WHERE YOU'RE 
AFTER Ci UATION, 

TAKE THIS PATH. 
Contiki's 16-day European adventure 

will broaden your horizons for only $715 to $ 785: 
Join our free-spirited "European Highlights" 

tour. You'll travel with people your own age from the 
U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand. Stay at 
chateaux, villas and cabins. See all the must-see 
attractions. And have plenty of free time to absorb 
the local flavor. 

Accommodations and most meals are included 
in the price. And roundtrip discount airfares from the 
West Coast are available from $499. 

Before you start on your 
career path, make tracks to 
Europe with Contiki. See 
your on-campus travel agent 
or call800-6Z6-06U (ask for 
Sharra) for details. 
• Land prKe only 

Thursday, April 19, 1990 

Rimas UzgiriS/Gllardian 
Bob Knee turned in the Tritons' second-best score yesterday. 

GOLF 
Continued from page 13 
between the teams just two days 
before. 

Now that hurts. 

"I think we have to admit that 
San Bernardino is just better than 
us," Wydra said . 

"But, we are far and away the 
two best teams in Division III in 
Southern California. " 

1UU1~R R~r.URUS \ ~mlU 

tHE CHDRCH 
GOLD AFTERNOON FIX 

THE CHURCH nOM TNI OPINING 
GOLD AFTERNOON FIX NOTIS O' -MUOAN-

..,,--'.r; .-.7Ot 
... _ t;,j1f-

,.~~ 
~.~1M 
1 ~_ ~ .., 

.~. 
.yOU·RE Il1U.IlEAUTlFUI.. 

....... 

THROUGH TNI a.oSlNG 
NOTI O' -GRIND-

TNI CHURCH HAS 
NIVIR .IIN 

1O.0CUIID, 
SO INTlMSI, OR 

SO 
11.99 CD 8.99 CASS 

"GOLDFISH, JOKES 
MAGIC & SOUVENIRS" 

VIDEO 
14.9& 

REG. 16.95 

SALE ENDS APRIL 24, 1990 

OHN 9 U TO MIDNIG HT · :I65 DAYS A YEA. 

Il\I\nllallJlna\i-if,\nl\. 
EL CAJON \ SPORTS ARENA I COLLEGE AREA 

796 Fletcher Pltrtcwrj 3&01 Sporl. AntnII Blvd. 6405 EI C 100 Blvd. 
oc,.,., from P1trIcoMV PIau _ neal to Art 51. Polt on. 
_" ... .... TO"'"' 3393 Kemper 51. 

MUSlC"'1I$ . -:; . % 770<'" ~ VlllEO SAUS , IIfIlTAU! 

The UCSD Gua.cdian SPORTS 17 

BUY 

SILL 

FIND 

TILL 

UCSD Guard;an 
Classifieds 

Corne by the 

Guard ian office 
or call 534-5416 

SPECIAL STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

SAUCONY Prestige Mid 
Superior support and cushioning 

make, "'i, women', .hoe ideol r.". 
high· and Iow·impact "",ob.:, 

SALE $62.89 
Reg . $74.95 

NIKE Air Delta Force 
SALE $49.89 
Reg. $74.95 ~;;;;: ,-~:::;;:;;:::; 

leather Hi-Top • Air Cushion 

1 0 "10 Off already 
discounted prices With 

student I.D.· 
"&dudoo ocI..rIioed ilom, 

DISABILITY AWARENESS WEEK 
presents 

THE SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA ALL-STAR 

WHEELCHAIR 
BASKETBALL 

GAMES 
SATURDAY, APRIL 21 st at 3-5 PM 

in UCSD's MAIN GYM rA-dv-o-nc-e -tic-ke-ts -:::$-=3--:.00=-=-
At the Door $7.50 

----------- also featuring -----------

WHEELCHAIR TENNIS EXHIBITION 
Top athletes demonstrate match ploy • cruise or ploy in a 

state of the art sportschair • "1 up, 1 downll match 
SUNDAY, APRIL 22 at 11 AM 
AT MUIR TENNIS COURTS #5 and #6 

Free Admission 

yo {J '- A, ,,/r G eT IT /Jrf ypv~ M //vO 
lOtally natural SMARlFOOD AIr'pepped popeo<n smothef"OO on whit cheddar cheese 



1 

SOFTBALL 
BudMan' Rankings as of April 17 
Inm 
Men's AM 
1. Touch Your Doink 1-0 
2. Sig Eps 1-0 
3. All The Queen's Men 1-0 
4. S.X. A. 1-0 
5. No Clue 1-0 

Men's AA 
1 N's On Ice 1-0 
2. Big Stlckss 1-0 
3. StricklyT-Ball 1-0 
4. Anarchy 2-0 
5. Nobanaga's Ambition 2-0 
6. Porky's Got The 1/4's 2-0 
7. Slap It Through 1-0 
8. Anal Birth 1-0 
9 Su rfbeat 1-0 
10. Badnad 1-0 

Men's A 
1 Boys WIBlg Bats 2-0 
2. Sons Of Satan 1-0 
3. The Wind 1-0 
4. Ducks On The Pond 1-0 
5. The Piglets 2-0 
6. Put It In The Hole 1-0 
7. No Brain, No Pain 1-0 
8. We Have Big Balls 2-0 
9. Einstein's Relatives 2-0 
10. Time To Come Home 1-0 

rum 
Coed AA 
1. Glazed Donuts 
2. Foul Play 
3. Purple Toupee 
4. Trump's Our Hero 
5. SchaeHer Light 

Coed A 
1. Norm 
2. left Out 
3. Rusty Gates 
4. Frontal lobis 
5. Gibbon Nuclear 
6. Field Of Drunks 
7. Pi On Our Face 
8. Hose Nose 
9. Nlte Owls 
10. Swamp Masters 

Women 
1. Garvey's Wives 
2. Ruthless Babes 
3. Eyelines 
4 Above The Law 

1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-{) 

1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 

1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
0-0 

The Bud Page Is a paid advertising feature of Coast Distributing Co. 

The UCSD Guardian 

DeSD Storms Beach 
This Saturday at Mariner's Point for the 
1990 Beach Sports Festival 

It's an over-the-line tournament. It's a volleyball tournament. Over-the-line. 
Volleyball. No, it's two, Two, TWO tournaments in one! In fact, It's so ali-encompass-
ing, we can't rightly call it a tournament at all. It's ihe UCSD Beach Sports FESTIVAL. 

Celebrate Earth Day '90 with us this Saturday, April 21 at Mariner's Point for hours 
of beach sports amusement. We're not using styrofoam, and our volleyball nets let 
dolphins pass right through. So join the fun. It's environmen-tacular. 

Because of the feslJval's size, however, this year's competition will be open to UCSD 
students, faculty and staH only. But that's OK, State and USD were just dragging down 
the level of competition anyways. 

With this in mind, you MUST bring your valid university ID card, as the 'No card, no 
play' policy will be in eHect. 

The OTl festivities will kick oH with round-robin play in five-team pools, so you're 
guaranteed four games right oH the bat. With the top three teams in each pool advanc-
ing to the finals, making the playoffs in OTl is as easy as the NHL. 

Volleyball will feature the same format, but keep in mind the tournament is for mixed 
doubles only; so bring a date. We will have two levels of competition to accomodate ad-
vanced and recreational players. 

Entry fees are 30$ per three-person OTl team and 20$ per two-person volleyball 
team (that's 10$ perperson to me and you), and must be received at Canyonview no later 
than tomorrow at 11 :00 AM. 

TCi avoid confusion on the day of the event, please refer to the following table: 
ftEi.It«i lEAVE AT HOME 
your valid university ID card 
softball bats 
gloves (women OTl players only) 
teammates 

dogs 
bottles 
bottled dogs 
friends from State 

Here's what the critics are saying about the 1990 UCSD Beach Sports Festival: 

"The perfect blend of sun and fun. Something in it for everyone. Bring the kids!" 
-People 

'A slam-bang, non-functioning roller coaster of a good timet" 
. -Miission Bay Review 

'I laughed. I cried. I hit three dongs in the first inning .• 
-Jeffery Lyons, Sneak Previews 

"Duuuuuuuuuudel" 
-Surfer 

"It sounds stupid. Probably gonna rain anyways. Hey, pass me the remote. " 
-Dally Aztec 

be Polo tJ g P L ;;1gITEgL!} 
Cl In ... o Ac ... ion 

Seventy teams began play 
this past week in pursuit of 
three divisional crowns in 
one of 1M's zaniest sports_ 
Three levels of competition 
provide a wide variety of skill 
levels that allows everyone 
to get involved. 

The AAA level consists of 
the veteran players who have 
been slugging it out in the 
Natatorium for longer than 
most care to admit. They 
play late Sunday nights this 
quarter and If you have a 
chance to swing by the 
'Nat', you won't be disap-
pointed - the action Is top 
notch_ The pre-season 
favorite in this division has 
to be perennial champion, 
SWIM FAGS. These perverts 
have won the last two titles, 
but rumor has It recent self 
inflicted chemical lobotomies 
has dropped the teams 
combined IQ into double 
diglts_ Several other veteran 
squads will challenge for the 
title including DEJA VU who 

only lost by 1 in last falls 
championship game_ NO 
WAY NERD is on their last 
gasp as father time (and a 
few two many Buds) is 
beginning to take it's toll. 
The AQUA SODOMY COPS are 
a JV version of the SWIM 
FAGS but may not have the 
lack of self respect that the 
varsity does and this may 
cost them. Others with a 
shot include JUST SAY 'NOT 
NOW', TUBE STEAK and WET 
WilliES. 

For teams that have some 
experience, but aren't quite 
ready for prime time the AA 
division provides an interme-
diate level, The race for the 
title will be hot and heavy 
with several returning con-
tenders looking to annex the 
championship. The Shark 
league appears to be the 
most competitive with 
SUPPERY WHEN WET, DAN'S 
LAST CHANCE, BABIES 
TASTE GOOD, and POWERFUL 
POND SCUM headlining. In 

games to date the average 
margin of victory has been 1 
point. The Tuna league also 
features some standout 
talent. Mike Conner's 
TREACHEROUS WATERS 
squad piled up 23 in their 
first victory but look out for 
TACO WORSHIPPERS and 
LAST CHANCE TO SHOOT. 

At the recreational , or A, 
level the first-timers have a 
whale of time Just getting 
introduced to the game_ 
Staying In the tube and pass-
Ing the ball up the pool 
become major accomplish-
ments. Several squads try to 
take advantage of the un-sus-
pectlng and sandbag into this 
division, but when playoff 
time rolls around they find 
It's not so easy in AA, This 
one is a wide open race with 
the entire season to go_ By 
the mid-way point the sand-
baggers will become evident 
and start to get nervous and 
the legttlmate 'A' squads will 
surface. 

E 
o 

0-
-c 

~ 
I/) 
L-
a.> 
c 

·C c 
o 0 
~-~ 
...... ~ 
N~ 
·c ~ 
Q..Q.. 
« E 

... 0 Su 
""Eo 

~~ V):::> 

Thursday, April 19, 1990 

Playing Through 
at the 12th Annual 
Intramural Golf 
Championships 

Who will stroke his way into UCSD 
golf legend? Who will hack his way past 
the first cut? Who will dig his way to 
China? Find out first-hand at the AII-
Campus Intramural Golf Championships 
this April 26, 27, and 29. Yes, it's the tour-
ney that makes grounds-keepers nerv-
ous, and it's happening althe scenic Torrey 
Pines courses and the lovely links at 
Coronado Golf Club. 

This year's competition promises to 
be as ... well, unique, as years past, with 54 
diHerent holes to conquer-that is, if you 
make the cut. But fear not, if your handi-
cap is a finite number, you're in there. And 
even if your biggest handicap is you, you've 
still got a shot. Who knows, you could 
even walk away with UCSD's version of 
The Masters' green blazer-the coveted 
mustard vest. 

Tournament coordinator Mike Hipp is 
very excited about this year's event. 

'They [the Torrey Pines management) 
almost denied us a tournament this spring 
because of the caliber of play last year," 
Hipp said. "They said we left more divots 
in two days than most players leave in two 
weeks-and that was just on the practice 
green. But you know, seriously folks .. : 

Anyways, Mike Hipp and the rest of 
the Canyonview staff are the folks to get in 
touch with for this prestigious event. Sign 
up now, and with your entry fee of 13$ 
(with city resident ID card), you'll receive a 
complimentary "I'd Rather Be Working" 
golf towel. But hurry, space is limited to 
the first 40 entrants, and the choice tee-
times are going fast. 

So dust off that JC Penney Fox shirt 
and those plaid double-knits. Pack up the 
cooler (and don't forget your sticks), and 
head it on over to Torrey Pines Thursday 
for first-round action. If you 're coming 
from campus, it's a fairly straight shot. 
From Del Mar, uphill, dog-leg right. 

Don't miss it, or on your deathbed, 
you will receive total consciousness. Sign-
ups currently going on at Canyonview 
Recreation. Bring your City Resident ID 
with you when registering to save yourself 
a bunch of dollars. 

t 
~t 
t 
t 
t 

BEACH VOLLEYBALL 
B£4CH 'f S~ .... DIEGO 


