
Making Every Day 
An 'Earth Day' 

Undergraduate 
Film Presentations 

UCSD SportS: 
Year in Review 

Inside the Recycling Co-op 
Features, page 8 ' 

VA Productions to be Shown Thursday 
Arts/Entertainment, page 14 

Part One of a Two-Part Review 
Sports, page 28 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 70, NUMBER 19 

Craig Moya (I) of the Central American Information Center encourages students to boycott certain 
brands of coffee at Saturday'S Spring Festival for Peace in and around the Price Center. 

Third College' Graduation Committee 
Disbanded After Conflict With Provost 
By NICOLA WHITEHEAD 
StajfWriter 

Conflicting views between 
Third College Provost Cecil Lytle 
and the Third College Commence-
ment Committee have resulted in 
the disbanding of the committee, 
comprised of Third College sen-
iors. 

across the stage with them at gradu-
ation. 

According to committee mem-
ber Sydney Young, one student 
approached the committee with the 
complaint that the tradition caused 
problems in situations where par-
ents are divorced. Young said that, 
in response to the complaint, the 
committee wanted to poll the 
graduating seniors to see if they 
wanted to keep the tradition. 

situations are one of those instances 
where you have to be sensitive." 

According to Paul Lanning, 
• 

another committee member, Lytle 
did not allow the committee to 
fmd out if the majority of the gradu-
ates agreed with the tradition. 

"We were going to poll stu-
dents , and [Lytle] overruled that, 
and said that we couldn't ask stu-
dents what they wanted," Lanning 
said. "We never said that we would 

See THIRD, page 6 

MONDAY, JUNE 4,1990 

Meeting Today 
CO-OPS, Center Board 
May Have Agreement 
By SHERRY LOWRANCE 
Staff Writer 

After drawn-out negotiations, 
the VCSD administration and the 
student co-operatives occupying 
the Student Center may finally 
come to an agreement today on a 
lease, ending months of dispute 
over who can put locks on co-op 
doors and issue keys to co-op 
members. 

The proposed space agreement. 
which will be discussed and voted 
on during today's University Cen-
ter Board (UCB) meeting. is a 
combination of several previousl y 
proposed leases and compromises 
offered from all parties involved in 
the issue. 

The dispute over keys arose over 
Section 5.07 of the administration • s 
space agreement, which states that 
the UCB "shall issue keys to prin-
cipal members of co-op operations 
as identified by co-ops on a quar-
terly basis ... all keys shall be on a 
center keyway system." 

Section 5.07 of the new pro-
posal provides for a system similar 
to the system the co-ops have used 
for nine years, and the wording 
resembles that of a lease approved 
by both the co-ops and the UCB in 

February but later dropped due to 
university concerns. 

The section allows the co-ops 
to keep their locks separate from 
the university key system but states 
that "co-ops shall provide [the] 
center with three sealed keys, one 
each for the UCSD police, the 
assistant director of the Student 
Center, and the maintenance super-
visor of the Student Center, to be 
used only in case of an emergency." 

The clause also states that that 
"any use of an emergency key for 
the purposes not expressly author-
ized by this agreement shall, at the 
option of the co-op, result in the 
forfeiture of the center's right to 
possess any key to said space." 

The administration' version of 
the lease provides for a single 
master key to be ecured at the 
campus police tation for emer-
gency access to co-ops and for 
notification of co-ops if the key is 
used, thereby discouraging un-
authorized access. 

A.S. President 10hn Edson, who 
drafted one of the many propo ed 
leases and helped to hammer out a 
compromi e, expressed hope that 
the i sue will be resolved in 
Monday's meeting. 

See VCB, page 7 

Two major points of disagree-
ment have caused the committee 
members to feel that the admini-
stration does' not value student 
opinion. 

The first issue that the commit-
tee and Lytle disagreed on was the 
Third College tradition of giYing 
each student the option of having 
two people, usually parents, walk 

"It seems that with the social 
situation the way it is now ... not 
everyone has a nuclear family," 
Young said. "We are always so 
concerned about being aware of 
other people 's situations, and being 
se;)sitive to people's cultures or 
backgrounds, and I think family 

Sexual Assault Trial Date Set 

San Diego Police Release 
Former Murder Suspect 
By RANDY DOTINGA 
Senior Staff Writer 

A 31 -year-old man arrested 
Thursday on suspicion of killing a 
young woman in Clairemont ear-
lier this year was released after 
further investigations did not tie 
him to the crime, accordillg to San 
Diego Police. 

The suspect, Luis Lebron, a San 
Diego truck driver, was taken into 
custody Wednesday for question-
ing regarding a series of stabbings 
in Clairemont after he allegedly 
called police claiming that he wa 
"going to find another girl and kill 
her. " 

Lebron was booked early Thurs-
day on one count of murder in-
volving the slaying of Holly Tarr, 
a high chaol senior from Michi-
gan found stabbed to death in her 
brother' Clairemontapartmenton 

April 3. \ 
Tarrwas the third young woman 

killed within three months in a 
two-block area of Clairemont. 
Police suspect that the murders 
may be the work of a serial killer. 

Lebron was released later 
Thursday after further investiga-
tion and "forensic comparisons" 
ruled him out as a suspect in the 
murders, police spokesman Dave 
Cohen said. 

The spokesman declirted to 
elaborate on the investigation or 
the specific details of the forensic 
work. 

According to Cohen, Lebron 
came to the attention of detectives 
after omeone called in a tip re-
garding Lebron to Crime Stopper , 
an anti-crime organization which 
provides reward for anonymous 
phone tips. 

See LEBRON, page 13 

Suspect Is Accused of Raping UCSD, SDSU Students 
By RANDY OOTINGA 
Senior SlajfWriler 

A trial date of July 13 has 
been set in the ca..-.e of David 
Miller, an El Cajon man ac-
cused of kidnapping and sexu-
ally assaulting two local col-
lege students. 

Superior Court Judge Jesus 
Rodriguez set the trial date on 
May 25, said Miller's attorney, 
public defender Terry Zimmer-
man. 

However, the opposing at-
torneys in the case bad conflict-
ing opinions about what type of 
trial Miller will face. 

According to Zimmennan, 
a jury will detemine whether 
Miller is mentally competent 
enough to face a criminal trial. 

Miller requested the trial, 
which he is allowed under law 
codes, Zimmerman said. 

However, Deputy District 
Attorney David Lattuca, who 
is prosecuting the case, said 
Miller was declared mentally 
competent and will faceacrimi-
nal trial. 

As of press time, Superior 

Rob GraralSDSU Daily Aztec 
David Miller (r) and his attorney Terry Zimmerman, in a photo 
taken at Miller's Feb. 2 arraignment on sexual assault charges. 

Court clerks were unable to locate 
Miller's file to determine the exact 
nature of his upcoming trial. , 

Miller's criminal trial date was 
originally set for April 16, but was 
postponed due to requests by 
Zimmerman for a psychological 
evaluation of Miller. 

Due to Miller's request for a 
mental competency trial, the psy-

chological results were not 
evaluated by the court, Zim-
mennan said. 

Miller, 24, is charged with 
two counts of kidnapping. two 
counts of forced oral copula-
tion, two counts of rape with a 
foreign object, and two counts 
of sexual battery. 

See MILLER, page 6 



n 

v 
/~ '\ 

~1l1F" UCSD NEWS 
"-

Officer Shoots Himself in the Leg 
UCSD police officer Nate Aoyd accidentally shot 

himself in the leg Wednesday in a freak accident on the 
shooting range at the San Diego County Sheriffs Depart-
ment firing range at Miramar Naval Air Station. 

Floyd was transported to Scripps Memorial Hospital in 
La Jolla and was in " very good condition." according to 
Sgt. Steve Branen of the UCSD police. 

Floyd's Bareua handgun discharged while he was 
putting it in its holster. wounding Aoyd in his right thigh. 

"It's not a real serious wound." Branen said. "We 
expect him back to work shortly." 

Ensemble Concert on Wednesday 
Features Original Student Work 

Music of jazz greats Duke Ellington. Count Basie. and 
Woody Herman will be performed by the Jazz Ensemble 
led by trombonist Jimmy Cheatham. at 8 p.m. Wednesday 
in the Mandeville Auditorium. 

The members of the Jazz Ensemble are students at 
UCSD studying various disciplines. not necessarily mu-
sic. The pianist. Kevin Spencer. is an independent student 
of music whose major is Cognitive Psychology. 

Spencer has written an original jazz composition which 
will be performed by the ensemble. The work. a sub-suite 
of three pieces which explores world music from a jazz 
perspective. is called "Dreams of a Nation: • A Haunled 
Nation: 'Violet and Midnight,' and . All (Flamenco) 
Blues · ... 

Tickets are $5 general admission and $3 for students 
and seniors, available at the UCSD Box Office (534-
4559) in the Price Center. or at the door on the day of the 
performance. 

Network News Commentator John 
Chancellor Speaks on Campus 

Veteran journalist and NBC News commentator John 
Chancellor will speak on Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the Price 
Center Ballroom. After his lecture, Chancellor will sign 
copies of his book, Peril and Promise: A Commentary on 
America. 

Chancellor appears three limes a week on the "NBC 
Nightly News," a program watched by more than 13 
million people. A veteran broadcaster, Chancellor hosted 
the "Today" program for 12 years, and has covered every 
presidential election si nce 1956. He has reponed from 
more than 50 countries and served two years as director of 
the Voice of America. 

Calvin and Hobbes 
~lO IT. 1\\\S 
sm~ DoESt(T 

I1~N£ ~~ 
~i·\lPS 
IN IT, OOCS 

If? 

'tI~U. , l~ 
'fi~'5 IJI' .' 
ff;J::J:) ~It(; 
SlEEP'< 11'iJt..\) ! 

'tOO'Ij£. !'.ISSE.I> llIE. se;T 
~ ~ 1\\£. ~'I.' l'~~ 

aEH~ UP 'E.\~C.E. ,, : 30 
G£mttG toW\i 1\\1t-IGS 

~cm~Is\\E..l).' 
\ 

Chancellor visited UCSD in January to moderate the 
sympo -ium "The Presidency. the Press and the People." 
His lecture is free and open to the public. Tickets are 
required; for more infomlation contact the University 
Bookstore at 534-3149. 

Gospel Choir to Perform on Thesday 
The 362-member UCSD Gospel Choir will perform in 

a free concert on Tuesday, June 5, at 8 p .m. in Mandeville 
Auditorium. Under the direction of Ken Anderson, the 
performance will feature traditional gospel music per-
formed by the full choir. small ensembles. and soloists. 
For more information, call 534-3229. 

Six IR/PS Graduates Win National 
Internships in Washington, D.C. 

Six June graduates of UCSD's Graduate School of 
International Relations and Pacific Studies (!RIPS) have 
been selected to participate in the prestigious Presidential 
Management Internship Program, a two-year professional 
internship program for top graduate degree recipients. 

IRIPS has the highest rate of acceptance among all 
institutions with first-time student applicants, said Carol 
Johansen. coordinator and recruiter for the program in 
Washington, D.C. Johansen added that the progranl se-
lects only those students who possess strong leadership 
skills, a solid track record of achievement, and a demon-
strated dedication to public service. 

IRIPS students participating in the program include 
Steven Chang, Pam Doughman, Eric Fredell, Patricia 
Goldin, Margie Rauch, and Charles Martin. They are 
scheduled to begin their internships this fall . 

ce UC NEWS J 
UCSB Considers Semester System 

SANTA BARBARA - The UCSB Academic Senate 
Faculty Legislature voted last week to postpone until Fall 
Quarter a decision on whether to convert to an early 
semester system. 

The senate is considering an "early semester" system 
with the first semester lasting from approximately early 
September to Winter Break and the second scheduled 
from approximately mid-January to May. 

The legislature decided at its meeting Thursday to 
delay a faculty vote to allow for further faculty and student 
participation. 

The comminee also recommended that UCSB petition 
the University of California Regents to allow the campus 
to return to semesters. The last UCSB faculty vote on the 
issue occuned in 198£, when they decided to keep the 
quarter system by a 209-200 vote. 

by Bill Watterson 

fORGE.\ IT. 
!#IV T~w(Th 
~ ~'S1tO 
00 IlER 

k.1~D . 

I JlJSi KJIDIif ~ 
N\j~ S'ri \RIIE\:> ~ 

~\ttE\S . 
\. 

Argument for maintaining UCSB's 10-week quarter 
calendar center on the flexibility allowed in organizing 
and scheduling classes, and the variety of courses avail-
able to students. 

Proponents of a 14- or IS-week semester system argue 
that there would be more time for deeper examination and 
review of material and a more relaxed pace of learning. 

English Professor Michael O'Connell noted that stu-
dents w ill have an opportunity to influence the faculty 
vote (his fall and believes professors will fairly consider 
student opinion. 

Debate has recentl y arisen because UCSB is currently 
holding informal discussions about revising the under-
graduate General Education program - making it a good 
time to discuss converting to a semester system, academic 
Senate Chair W. E. Brownlee said in January. 
Riverside Police Continue Search 
For Suspect in Sexual Assaults 

RIVERSIDE-Following a rape, two attempted rapes 
and a sexual battery during the last two weeks, campus 
police believe there are two men attacking women on and 
around campus. While only one of the attacks occurred on 
campus, all of the incidents have occurred near UCR. 

According to UCR police, the most recent incident was 
an attempted rape which occurred May 9. The suspect was 
reportedly burglarizing an apartment when he discovered 
the victim asleep and attempted to rape her. The woman, 

. a UCR student, successfully fought off the assailant and 
escaped by jumping out her window. 

Campus police responded to reports of a woman screartl 
i ng and reportedl y found the suspect in an alley north of the 
apartment complex, then lost the suspect in a foot pursuit 
and an aerial search. Police said the suspect matched the 
description of a suspect in an attempted rape on May I. 

In that incident, a woman was getting into her car 
around 9:40 p.m. when she was attacked from behind. The 
assailant reportedly dragged the victim toward some bushes 
where he threw her to the ground and reportedly ripped the 
victim's pullover skirt off before she injured him with a 
kick to the groin. 

The woman then ran back to her car and drove a wa y as 
the suspect jumped on her car and got caught on a side 
view mirror. The victim reportedly dragged the assailan 
several feet before he fell off. The woman then drove home 
and called the police. 

The suspect is described as a black male, in his mid- to 
late-20s, six foot two inches, with a muscular build, weigh 
ing approximately 240 pounds with short hair. 

Police believe the same suspect may be involved in two 
incidents which occurred on April 25. The UCR police 
said there are still no leads or suspects in th is series of 
attacks. but police are continuing their investigation. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason Snell, Associate News Editor 

GulSRI)IAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Clliel 
ROBIN MAC LEAN, MlHMg/ng Editor 
ANTON BITTNER, fN"". Editor 
BEN BOVCHUK, M.ocItI,. Opinion Edlror 
DAVID BURKHART. Opinion Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Sport. Editor 
JAIIES COllER, F_rutu Editor 
CATHERINE DtlLE, News Editor 
RANDY DOTlNGA, Copy Editor 
DOREEN ERENEA. Auoc/.,. FHtufft Editor 
LARA HEISLER, AuoclMe ArtslEnr.,.lnment Editor 
PATRICIA JETTlE. ArBlEn"""'nl1HHlt Ed/lor 
GAIL JOHNSON, Photo EdltOl" 
PETER KO. ANocIar. Sports Editor 
HELENA LEHG lOH. M.ocM" ArBIEn,.".lnmen/ Editor 
JEFF OUAH, Gt."tltc. EdltOl" 
JASOfII SNEll, b.ocltl,. ,... EdltOl" 
RIIAS UZGtRtS, Photo Editor 
JENNFER YANCEY. ANOCM" Art.tEm.rt.lnmen/ Editor 
SInIor SIIIJ WlIIIrI: ~. MIenlan, IIaIy Betty Hew, Christina Huizar, Brian 

~ow 
9IIIIWrltMt:JdllAaJncioo,Mikt IIIf1a, WallerBltlll, Eric8nlelo, Las Brwol:!, Scott 
c.r., PleIN de 1lIiIInde, r.teIinda Hniton, Julie HtilHr, Grace Lee. Adam 
lIvy,OIMIilllQll,Sherrt l.oImn:e, ..... MuIner,JoeIIOdnIz, MrIIe PuIemII<. 
DeWI PuIc:hI, IIIhIr Raaband, Tom Rluui. AIr!nM Rcbbins, ,... RocIioe. 
DIImiI ~ SIIIIfI Sanda. Michael Schwartz. OougShaddle. UndaSphaMr. 
CIwII SIIh. _SuzUeJ. KMI Twtr. Nicola WhiWINd. JtIf y~ 
PhoIDgI ..... :1bIII AmieI, (ftg 1IIntI,..IannHtI KoIIky, ~ UdschiI, Ed lin, 
Hart l.u1I, S<Jt MIpes. BrIan Mortis. Jalme MoIdooo. Jchn eMant, Oar~ Vee, Feixz.noa 
......... : ..... Cnna.UiIoCooper, Tony~ c.fnLew, MalMaroaIo,LIIgh 

AMt~.KatyRoe, TyromeT~ . 
TypIIIs: I(M Bi:Ua, MeIiesI F .... JIm-"" 
c.., "-IIrI: Holy Cooper, Grtg ...,.... •• Julie l'Won, Jessie Spmger 
PIOIIIcIIOft: TIICy Brown. Gr_~.1IehIa HIniI\or1, Charles Part<, CI!1dy Woo, 
JeI YIIIlIQUdi 
TIIInIng DncIan: StIlI SIUw. 0a'01d WyrtII 

B08 DeANOREA, Bu.tnN. u.n.g., 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AdwnI"fItI .,.".,.,. 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Ad .. rtltlng Oe-'gnet 
E. lEIGH HENRY, CI ... 1fIed """"",,.,lve 

oIccounI~: David Wyne! 
........ AIIIIIInt: Leanne BoIorQiI 
cmMon: John DwIdo, Joe Lee, Michele Randal 

TINr rx:SO -'~ptjlIiII)ed Mondty .. "dThur9doysduNlg ill acadtmk: ywl7/lrld 
lorlll&WtnllotUCSD. A~otlllis .......... ~""form , whelhtrln_or 

~ PfII, wiIhouI_IIiOn Is SII'IC1Iy prohbilto. 0 1990, II __ . 
TlNrUCSD ~Isnot,.....-, .. Iho ,tUn 01 u_manulCt'!lCSor.". 1M 
~ ......... _ In ,..",.,. and signed ~Ite<s or c:ommtnInI do not _y repre· 
ItIllllloponoonsof TlNrUCSOGr.etdMl, lie Unrvt'Slty otCalfor ... , or "" Asso<:oalod SlI> 
dtIU ot UCSD The .. pri ... at. your. I> kItp. no mall. how you finish In ... gome 

Editorial: 534-6580 BUllln ... : 534-3466 Fax: 534·7691 
UCSD GUBrdlan, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Monday, June 4,1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Ray Bradbury Discusses Dreams and Dinosaurs in Talk 
By CATHERINE DILLE 
NClI'l· Editor 

Author Ray Bradbury encour-
aged UCSD students to remain 
faithful to childhood dreams and 
embrace the future in his address 
Tuesday night in the Revelle Cafe-
teria. 

The author of such books as 
The Martian Chrollicles andF allr-
mlldt 451 described himself as 
someone "who has been in love 
with dozens of things in his life-
time," including writing, science 
fiction, opera, outer space, poetry, 
dinosaurs. theater. World's Fairs, 
and motion pictures. 

Bradbury 's love of theater was 
evident in the many impressions 
he did of famous people he has 
met, including W.e. Fields, Aldous 
Huxley, Carl Sagan , and John 
Huston. 

Bradbury advised students to 
find something they really love to 
do and pursue it. 

"I want to convince everyone of 
you here to become crazier than 
you are about the thing that you 
love, and to make a list of your so-
called friends and find out who are 
really your enemies: the people 
who doubt your craziness, the 
people who say 'don't do that,' 
those are the people you get rid 
of... because they are going to 
hold you down," he said. 

Bradbury told the audience 
about how a childhood friend who 
built dinosaurs in his garage en-
couraged Bradbury to follow his 
ambitions as a writer. 

"We dreamt dinosaurs; he was 
going to build them and I was 
going to write screenplays for 
them." he said 

"That young man who built the 
dinosaurs is a part of all of your 
lives. You've seen all of his films : 
'Clash of the Titans: 'Jason and 
the Argonauts,' 'Si nbad and the 
Eye of the Tiger'... Ray Har-
ryhausen is his name. If you don ' t 
know his name, you know his 
films," Bradbury said. "We kept 
that silly dream of manufacturing 
these monsters and making them 
live." 

He also related how one of his 
earliest dinosaur stories caught the 
attention of renowned film-maker 
John Huston. 

The story featured a dinosaur 
who dies on the seashore after 
crawling out of lhe ocean to mate 
and find s that the sound he tho ught 
was a mat ing call was actuall y a 
fog horn. Bradbury said the s tory 
was inspi red by the spine of an 
abandoned roller-coaster near the 
end of a decaying pier 011 Venice 
Beac h. He described the tale as 
"the sadde ~t story ever written 
about a dino~aur." 

The d inosaur ~tory was among 
the ~torics Ihat Bradbury gave to 

HU~lun when he met him for the 
tirst time III 1951. Hus:on f<'ad 
Bladbur) ., \\011 while he was in 
,\tl l'J Iliming ··Th ... ·\f,lcan 
QUI!CI •• , nd 1.lll·, asked Bladltlll\ 
to \H te the sl·l~ellpl.l) tOI hi, till! 
.. lob .... Dltk 

Bradbury said. 
Oftoday ' s media, Bradbury said 

our society is surrounded by an 
"affluence of despair." 

"We brim over with despair. 
Therc arc doom-sayers all around 
and they ' re all wrong and they've 
always been wrong; you must not 
listen to them .. .. This is oneofthe 
greatest years in the history of 
mankind," he said, referring to the 
changes in Eastern Europe. 

Speaking about the future, 
Bradbury extolled the virtues of 
what he termed the "videocassette 
revolution."which he believes will 
give Americans achoice in decid-
ing which movies they want to ee. 

"Now you can pop your own 
com for five cents and you don't 
have to pay $3 for it [at a movie 
theaterl. And what's even more 
important is that we are killing the 
hierarchy. We are destroying 
democratically ... the studios. the 
banks, the distribution system, and 
the producers, because we are se-
lecting our own films," he said. 

Bradbury also feels that the 
See BRADBURY, page 7 

Jennirer Kotsky/Guardia" 

Ray Bradbury signed autographs for students following his speech Tuesday at the Revelle Cafeteria. 

Info 
Night 

Tuesday, June 5th, 6:00 - 7:30pm, at the Hyperlearning classrooms. 
Sui~es 1131 and 113~A in the La Jolla Village Professional Center, behind the Elephant Bar and El 
Tonto restaurants, Just south of campus. Come and meet the instructors face to face as they dis-
cuss preparation strategies, and take you through a sample of our 175-hour summer course: 

Steven Leduc MCAT Quantitative, Physics, Physics Science Problems 
"On a scale of one to ten, I would give Steve a 10+." Maile Headrick, Revelle. 
"Most outstanding. Steve puts very abstract notions into layman's terms." Scott Phillips, Warren. 

Todd Bennett MCAT Chemistry, Organic Chemistry, Chemistry Science Problems 
"Todd is the most enthusiastic person I know. He enjoys teaching O-Chem, and it shows." 
"He made Chemistry very enjoyable. Todd is really awesome. My scores improved tremendously." 
Judi Heitz MCAT Biology, Biology Science Problems 
"She is very fast.. . well organized and interested in what she teaches." 
"She covers tons of material, fast, but then reviews it next class. I really enjoy her teaching." 
Taking the September MeAT? 

This summer, we are introducing what we believe is the most intensive commercial MCA T 
p~ep c?urse ~n the country. The class meetings range over 175 total hours of highly structured re-
~lew hme, SIX days a week, for ten weeks. This year, UCSD S.O.M. has over 4,000 apps for an enter-
1I1g c\ass of 120 stu~ents . If you ~ant to stand out on your MeAT's, you need a program of thorough 
and structured reVlew and practIce, not a survey-level course! We can help you reach vour objective. 
Taking the April '91 M e AT? 

Summer is an e, cellent opportumty to get your MCAT ,ciences subs ores "in the teens" al-
lowing you to ('oncentrate next! ('aT on the difficult redding and writing sb:tion:; of thE' new-f<.;rmat 
MeAT We will offer a 30% dis ( unt to students repeating )UT course again ne t vear. W~ irmlv 
belicvl. th \t re\'iev,:ing in both ollr ~llmmer Cll r e cHId nur winter / spring Cl urSI.' ne t vear i tht:' ~ost 
a~grcssive and prod\1C.Li\'c strategy if vou dt'!-> lrt.' truh llut t,ll1ding seon: ... ()( "our At nl 1C r. It 
11 Ight l ven mdke the dlffl'fl'l1 (. bd \ E'en .. 60,000 l t d.loan r T.e. accept 11\!;; )~nd thl um-
III 'r '\ orking out the kinks" with us 1rd g tor th 'trul q Ire re n t } nl t 

Our dasscs _tart July, dnd ~ll r I pl l ar t.lhng up 
tl )Il on th.. uur l.', ' nd prf'-pnml.1 lei f f to \.Ilon 

.dU •• _ ... _I.-~ __ £_~ 
"c-] II .JJ-I~I -,t=t::31 -, III '!:/ 

I vtlllll t r f u I) r mtorn d 
"r " m' Itt 

9) 5 0, 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, June 4,1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN, Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN, Managing Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
ANTON BITfNER, ews Edilor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

The UCSD Guardia,. is publishedtwtce wrekly II lhe Univ(rshy orClliromia. San OicCO. C~nenls e l990. 
Views expressed herdn reprt~t the: rNJOnty 1o'00e of Ike editoria.l ~. 3nd 3ft' not n«euanly lhoie of the 
UC Board or Rcttnl$. the ASUCSO. nor the:: entire GU4Udi(ur staff. 

Election Day: June 1990 

Noble Propositions 
The 1990 California primary election is tomorrow, when some 

important ballot initiatives will be decided. No matter what your 
party affiliation may be, there are several initiatives that are rele-
vant to everyone. Two initiatives in particular directly affect 
students, and deserve special attention. 

The success or failure of Propositions III and 121 will strongly 
affect the University of California. However, the range of conse-
quences will vary depending on the outcome of the particular 
proposition. 

Proposition Ill. Students have been hearing a lot about 
Proposition III in the last few months. Officially called "The 
Traffic Congestion Relief and Spending Limitation Act of 1990," 
Proposition III will institute a nine-cent gasoline tax hike over 
the next five years. The revenues generated from the gas tax will 
go toward road and mass-transit upgrades and construction. 
Under present law, funding for such improvements is drawn from 
the state ' s general fund . Funding for the entire state's higher 
education system is also taken from the general fund. 

The argument in favor of Proposition III is simple: Regardless 
of the vote on the propo ai, the state will make road improve-
ments, and the stale will build new freeways and highways. In 
order to do so, the state needs billions of dollars. Under present 
law, that money will come from the general fund , likely depleting 
funding for the Uc. Without adequate funding, fees will go up. 
Therefore, it stands to reason that voting yes on Proposition III 
will keep fees down . .. for the time being. 

Also, university officials have been pushing hard to amass 
support for the initiative. You can be sure that if Proposition III 
does not pass, whether funding is available or not, the university 
will use its defeat as an excuse to implement huge fee hikes - as 
much as 30 percent, by some estimates. 

One concern about Proposition Ill, however, is the provision 
that will allow an increase in the Gann Spending Limit. The Gann 
limit was established in the late '70s to curtail what was perceived 
as rampant spending by the state government. Although the last 
thing taxpayers want is a legislature with unlimited spending, one 
should also keep in mind that Proposition 111 only raises the 
Gann limit by olle percellt. Certainly Proposition Ill's benefits 
far outweigh any of its drawbacks. Fees must stay low. 

Proposition 121. Proponents of Proposition III also support 
Proposition 121, the "Higher Education Facilities Bond Act of 
June 1990."If it passes, the state would issue $450 million worth 
of bonds to provide "funds for the construction or improvement 
of facilities of California's public higher education institutions," 
which include the Uc. Underthe proposal, the UC would receive 
$130 million of the total $450 million. If that money was divided 
equally among all nine UC campuses, each would receive ap-
proximately $14.4 million. . . 

In an institutional bureaucracy as large as the Umverslty of 
California, $14.4 million does not go very far. However, $14.4 
million can be an effective base to draw donations and outside 
funding . 

Also, it is not likely that the $130 million will be divided 
equally. Several of the newer campuses, such as Irvine and 
Riverside, still have vast growth potential , and will get more 
funding. UCSD could also receive a large share of the money, as 
it is still a relatively young and rapidly growing campus. 

Proposition 121 is advantageous because, unlike Proposi tion 
Ill, it specifically earmarks funding for campus building con-
struction and improvement. 

However, voters should keep in mind that, because Proposition 
121 is a bond initiative, the slate is required to pay the interest 
costs on the bonds it issues. According to the proposal, general 
f und revenues will be used to pay those costs. It is interesting to 
note that the main argument in favor of Proposition III is that it 
relieves the economic strain on the general fund by eliminating 
the burden of transportation costs, yet Proposition 121 uses the 
general fund to pay it interest payments. 

Five Mistakes of China's Year of the Snake 
Editor: 

The Chinese Year of the Snake, 
which ended recently, was marked 
in China with Five Big Mistakes, 
listed here with their conse-
quences. 

1. In the first few months , brib-
ery and corruption (but not out-
right unscrupulous despotism, as 
in Romania) brought many of the 
authorities into disrepute, espe-
cially among the youths. Mistake 
number one. Hence, the students' 
demonstrations of protest. 

2. The students, aware that they 
had elicited worldwide sympathy 
and enthusiasm for their cause, 
failed to stop when they were 
winning. They went on too long, 
asking too much, too soon. Mis-
takenumbertwo. The bosses could 
not tolerate the flouting of their 
authority, and reacted accordingly. 

3. The authorities, psychologi-
cally and technically ill-equipped 
to deal with mobs, lacking ade-
quately-trained riot police with 
water cannons and tear gas, used 
the onl}' means at their disposal to 
quell the young refonners. Mis-
take number three. Howevermuch 
you disapprove of your disobedi-
ent children, you don't kill them 
unless you area monster- which 
thepany bosses proved themselves 
to be. They used an ox -kni fe to kill 
a chicken, as the Chinese say. They 
had blood on their hands. 

4. They implemented theirdirty 
deeds in broad daylight, under the 

television camera eyes of the 
world. Mistake number four. Plau-
sible denials were impossible -
the blood could not be "swept 
under the carpet." (By contrast, 
Argentina bumped off some 9,000 
protesters quietly, at night, and 
dumped their bodies in unmarked 
graves. Yet public reaction abroad 
was much less angry than that 
caused by the Tiananmen Square 
massacre.) Pro-Chinese euphoria 
disappeared over night, and hun-
dreds of millions of dollars-worth 
of cancelled contracts and disillu-
sioned tourists along with it. 

S. In spite of the reactions in 
China and throughout the world 
(dismay and horror, as could have 
been predicted), the Chinese au-
thorities refused to acknowledge 
their mistakes. The early resigna-
tion and public disgrace of two or 
three top officials wou ld have 

somewhat assuaged the revulsion, 
but (so far) nobody has been sacked 
ortaken the blame squarely fort he 
massacre. Mistake number five. 

The consequences? A further 
hemorrhage of trade and tourism, 
now totalling billions of dollars, 
and a loss (probably permanent) 
of many thousands of the best and 
the brightest of the younger gen-
eration, most of whom will opt for 
their study-abroad visas to be 
extended indefinitely. 

What are we to learn from all 
this? Obviously, very much in-
deed. There is another Oriental 
saying: "Fools learn by their own 
stupidi ty , but sages learn from the 
stupidity of others." 

The bosses of any nation mak-
ing similar mistakes in the future 
would clearly fall into the first 
category. 

Gianna Oscuro 

Buyers Beware of Senate Bill 
Editor: 

We already have ample laws to 
protect us from fraud. Protecting 
us from fraud is one of the two 
legitimat.e functions of govern-
ment. Protecting us from violence 
is the other. 

State Senator Art Torres wants 
to protect us from the low rates 
and variety of services competi-
tion promotes in the loan industry. 
He wants to saddle our economy 
with more restrictive busi ness 
practices by requiring those who 

sell equity loans to be bonded and 
obtain a real estate license just 
because a very few people were 
dumb enough to think they could 
get something for nothing and fell 
prey to outlandish equity loan 
schemes.Evet hear the words 
"buyer beware"? 

I have no sympathy for some-
one who would seek a $2,000 
equity loan but pay $16,900 in 
fees for a $40,000 loan at a 26.15 
percent interest rate. We cannot 
protect people from their own stu-
pidity. As the Libertarians say, 
"education, not legislation!" 

Another View of Prop. 111 Licenses are meani ngless to the consumer. They guarantee noth-
ing. No one in their right mind 
believes that licenses reduce fraud. 
Licenses only restrictcompetition 
and take money out of the econ-
omy to be wasted by government. 
I suspect that Senator Torres has 
made a deal with the real estate 
schools and bonding agencies for 
a piece of the action his bill would 
generate, or his established sav-
ings and loan constituency wants 
him to protect them from compe-
tition or both. 

Editor: 
The politicos in Sacramento 

are unhappy with the cost of 
their airline trips back to their 
districts. Their solution is to 
stan a state--owned airline su b-
sidized at taxpayer expense to 
provide lower fares for their 
re-election efforts. 

Fortunately they can't pass 
the measure because it would 
violate the Gann spending 
limit. 

But now they see a solution 
to their problem. 

J" I';, 

If they can get Proposition 
111 passed masquerading as a 
gas tax, the voters won't notice 
the part about the Gann spend-
ing limits essentially disappear-
ing. Then millions of this new 
revenue for "transportation" 
can be siphoned off into their 
new socialist airline, and the 
voters will be none the wiser. 

Give them credit - this is 
one crafty bunch of politicians 
we have been ruling us from 
Sacramento. 

Dick Rider 

Urge your senators to vote NO 
on Senate Bill 2641 ! 

Mary Szterpakiewicz 

Monday, June 4, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

'Get-Rich -Quick' Consumerism 
O nce again, a leading American food company had found itselfwaist deep in the Big Muddy by trying too hard to appeal to American consumers' greed. 

Remember last year when Kraft announced a $17,000 Dodge van giveaway - only to 
find that it had accidentally made "winners" of thou ands of people? 

Well,thi timeit's the Coca-Cola company that's got agiant,economy-size PR problem. 
It recently began a $1 OO-million " MagiCan" promotion, featuring some $4 million in cash 
hidden in soda cans. 

To prevent shrewd c ustomers from finding the cash si mply be hefting empty cans, the 
company loaded its winning offerings with an odoriferous liquid. When winners popped 

open the cans, rolled-up bills were sup-

J ff G f· Id posed to spring out. e reen Ie The only problem is-surprise, surprise 
Universal 'Press Syndicate - a few of these devices didn't work. And 

a handful of consumers have complained 
that their kids have actually drunk the stuff. 
No one's been serious ly hun, but it's the 

n 

/ 1 

kind of mistake that sends product liability 
lawyers into a state of bliss. 

Now I have no malicious desire to see 
Coca-Cola or any other company driven to 
financial ruin through this kind of slip-up, 
but 1 do confess to a sense of genuine 
sati sfaction whenever an enterprise runs 
into trouble by appealing too blatantly to 
get-rich-quick greed. We've got entirely 
too much of that in this country right now. 

Once upon a time, we raised ourchildren 
on the wisdom of Ben Franklin: "A penny 
saved is a penny eamed." We made na-
tional character traits out of hard work, 
patience, and investing for the future. The 
spirit of gambling, however it may have 
flourished in private, was discouraged in 

public by our laws and even by some of our customs. 
Today we live in a radically different country. Twenty-eight state governments run 

lotteries where our public officials pay for dishonest advenising ("All you need is a dollar 
and a dream," say the ads for New York state's lottery. Yes -and you also need to beat 
odds of several million-to-one). 

The favori te food haunts of our childfen, the McDonald 's and B urger Kings, constantly 
run giveaways where the ads show only winners. Even our media giants are guilty. USA 
Today gives away a pair of Chevrolets, while TV news crews interview lonery hopefuls, 
asking them, "What will you do with the money if you win?" 

How come they never ask, "What would you do with the hundreds of dollars a year you 
could have if you didn ' t play this game?" 

In this sort of culture, it almost seems naive to ask why these reputable companies don't 
do other things with the money they spend on these gambling giveaways. Maybe Kraft 
could put an extra slice of cheese in each pack. Maybe Coca-Cola could lower the cost of 
a six-pack or spend the $100 million marketmg a drink that was healthier. 

Instead, they feed a sense that the real way to succeed in America is not to wori<: hard or 
to dream up something the public wants, but to scratch the right numbers on a cardboard 
square. 

It's not that I don 't empathize with the dreams of hard-squeezed people to find a sudden 
source of riches. Some years ago, when times were tight , I used to fantasize that a very 
wealthy acquaintance of mine, someone I knew only slightly, would one day ship a suitcase 
of cash to my door out of his enormous sense of affection and respect for me and my work. 

These dreams, however, are powerful enough without having our governments and our 
most prestigious corporations fueling them. If Coca-Cola finds itself in trouble over this 
giveaway, maybe it's just a case of just desserts - in this case a large order of humble pie. 

-Quotables·-
If you love freeiUJm, you must hate slavery; if you love your 

people, you cannot but hate the ene.""ies that compass their destruc-
tion; if you love your COUlItty, you cannot bt1-t hate those who seek 
to annex it. 

- Menachem Begin 

Government is more than the sum of all the interests; it is the 
paramotmt interest, the public interest. It tntm be the efficient, 
effective agent of a responsible citizenry, not the shelter of the 
incompetent and the corrupt. 

- Adlai E. Stevenson 

I 1nlJde my mistakes, but in all m.'V years of public life I have 
"ever profited, never profited from public service, I have earned 
every cmt . ... 1 welcome this kind of exami'1Jation because people 
havegotto knowwhetheror 'llottheir Presidemisa crook, Well, I'm 
not a crook. 

- Richard M . Nixon 

Looking for the Hero Inside 
By RANDY DOTINGA, Copy EdUOT 

Heroes aren't all they' re cracked up 
to be. 

American society is strange when it 
comes to heroes. Whenever a historical 
figure seems to be incredible and god-
I ike, someone has to come along and cut 
him down. Abraham Lincoln a great 
politician? Maybe, but he was racist. 
Manin Luther King Jr. an incredible 
leader? Yeah, but he fooled around. John 
F. Kennedy an 

ones. 

Each time I found my role models 
weren't perfect, I felt a mix of emotions: 
glee, disappointment, betrayal. 

When I realized how fallible they 
were, I was gUiltily happy, because their 
imperfections made my own failures 
easier to handle. Hah! They screwed up. 
They aren't so great after all, and I'm 
lIot so bad. 

awesome presi- GUAkDIAN Cl 
dent? He really 
fooled around 

But at the 
same time, I felt 
betrayed. Mainly 
because they 

In my own life , over the past few 
years, I've tried to find role models. I've 
had a few friends who seemed perfect, 
who had all the personal characteristics 
I wished I had. But each ended up being 
all too human. 

Oneofmy role models wasa friend in 
my freshman year who didn't seem to 
care what others thought of him. He 
could dress in ragged clothes, dye his 
hair green,listen to obnoxious music-
without being beholden to the opinions 

were showing themselves to not be 
perfect, as I thought they should be. But 
I was also angry oocause they did make 
my imperfections easier to deal with. It 
wasn't as simple to blame myself for 
doing things wrong if my role models 
made mistakes too. It wasn't as easy to 
hold myself responsible for me and feel 
awful when I screwed up. 

Over the past year, my self-confi-
dencehas grown greatly. I'm much more 
at ease with myself and wi th others, and 

But sometimes I look at myself talking easily 
and effortlessly with a friend over dinner, and I 
wonder: Who the hell is that guy? Is that really 
me? I'm not that confident, that sure of myself 
with others. But I am - I think. 

of his peers. I liked his independence, 
which I really lacked back then. 

Another hero seemed to have his life 
completely under control. His life was 
organized, and everything he did had its 
place. He also had a basic simplicity to 
his outlook. He didn't worry too much, 
or spend a lot of time thinking about 
things. I wanted to be like him. 

And recently, another friend had a 
mix of self-confIdence; leadership, and 
competenee that I envied. He believed 
in himself and never seemed bothered 
by doubt; be knew what he wanted to do 
and did it well. And be seemed a born 
leader. I wanted to be like him too. 

But as I was to flOd out, none of my 
role models was perfect, even though I 
wanted them to be. 

They were all human - flawed and 
imperfect. 

The guy that I thought didn't care 
about what others tbought - I found 
that he really did, and that he let the 
scorning glances of those who didn't 
understand deeply hurt him. 

The one who seemed so organized 
and together thought his life was boring 
and dull. He was basically happy, but 
ached for something more out of his life. 

And the self-confident leader guy-
he just didn'l always do the Right Thing. 
He made mistakes, some of them big 

I no longer have a strong need to make 
somebody into an idol. 

Butsometimes I look at myself talk-
ing easily and effonlessly with a friend 
over dinner, and I wonder: Who the hell 
is that guy? Is that really me? I'm not 
that confident. that sure oj myself with 
others. But I am - I think. 

From my role models, I've leamed 
one big lesson: admire, don't idolize. 

There are several people in my life 
whom I now greatly admire - the two 
of the three people mentioned above 
that are still inmy life, dedicated Guard-
ian staffers who sacrifice their free time 
to improve the paper you're holding, 
and a friend who held on when her life 
seemed about to coliapse around her. 

By admiring these people, I can ob-
serve what is great about them and try to 
instill that in myself (a never-ending 
effort) without feeling I'm a lesser per-
son than them. 

And I can see the bad in them also-
and learn from it, without being disap-
pointed by their faults. During all this, I 
made some good friends, too. 

I know I 'll probably never be totally 
immune to idolization, or to wanting 
myself and others to be perfect. But 
hopefully the next time I ee someone 
else as a god, I'll realize that I'm no 
devil myself. 

One Last Chance to Be Heard! 
The UCSD Guardian welcomes your letters and commentaries. Drop your leiter 
at the Guardian offices (on the second floor of the Student Cenler, above the 
General Store) or mail it 10: 

Opinion Editor, The Guardian, 
8-016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Leiters should be typed, double-spaced, and should include a signature and phone 
number. We reserve the rig hi to edit leiters for length and clarity. Deadline for 
Thursday' s issue is noon on Tuesday . 



6 NEW 

THIRD 
ontinued from page I 

or wouldn't exclude the tradi-
tion from the ceremony. we just 
wanted to find out what the 
students wanted. But he said 
that we couldn't do that... we 
could not ask the students what 
they wanted at their own gradu-
ation." 

"Third College wa founded 
on the philosophy that student 
improvement is the backbone 
of the college, and that student 
input is alway valued," Young 
said. 

"Yet when we asked to gel 
tudent input, he called it a 

didactic democracy. Where is 
the line drawn? How much 
student input do you really want, 
and do you really value it. orare 
you juSt paying lip service to 
it?"Young aslced. 

Though Lytle wa out of 
town and unavailable for com-
ment, he expressed his views in 
a letter written to the five com-
mittee members on April 24. 

The letter states that "it is 
nearly impossible for a group 
of serious-minded students to 
ever reach a decision for fear of 
undermining the views of an 
individual... . Suppose that [a 
student poll decision] forbade a 
senior being accompanied by 
two guests. Then you have ef-
fectively denied every Third 
College student an opportunity 
- this cannot be democracy!" 

Lytle also argued in the let-
terthat, "assuming the commit-
tee settles the first issue, what 
do you do When someone then 

comes to the committee and 
demands a vote on changing the 
time of the ceremony because 
their mother's plane does not 
land until 2:25 in the afternoon? 
Another vote? ... you can see 
that the extension of this kind of 
unlimited participatory democ-
racy can have no reasonable 
end. " 

According to committee 
members, the other instance in 
which Lytle disregarded the 
committee involved the selec-
tion of the commencement 
speaker. When the committee's 
first choice of speakers an-
nounced that she could not at-
tend the graduation ceremony, 
Lytle arranged for Congressman 
Tom Lantos to speak instead of 
asking the committee about its 
second choice. 

" We had an altematespeaker, 
Professor Willie Brown of the 
Biology Department,and [Lytle] 
just overlooked that and didn ' t 
ask us. That was ... the straw that 
broke the camel's back," com-

See THIRD, page 13 

The UCSD Guardian 

MILLER 
Continued from page 1 

Miller pleaded not guilty to the 
charges at his arraignment on Feb. 
2. He remains in County Jail. with 
hi bail set at $250,000. 

In a Jan. 19 preliminary hear-
illg. a UCSD first -year student and 
a San Diego State studenltestified 
that in separate incidents Miller 
coerced them by phone to drive to 
meet him, after which he sexually 
assaulted them. 

The UCSD student alleged that 
Miller called her domlitory room 
last Oct. 15 and coerced her, 
through threats against her family 
and her roommate, to drive to meet 
him in downtown San Diego. 

TIlere, the student testified, she 
and Miller drove to a parking lot 
where Miller exually assaulted 
her and made her perform sex acts 
on him. 

The studenttestified that Miller 
sexually assaulted her at two other 
sites before letting her go. 

In her testimony, the SDSU 
student testified that she drove to 
meet Miller on Orange Avenue in 
San Diego after receiving a threat-
ening phone call from him last 
Nov. 15. 

Monday, JWle 4,1990 

Miller entered the car and they 
drove to several sites before they 
stoppedonadirtroad where Miller 
sexually assaulted the student, the 
student testified. 

Brian MorrlslGllordioll 
UCSO students watch opening act Jambay at the Spring 
Festival for Peace in the Price Center Plaza Saturday. 

Miller was arrested Nov. 16 by 
San Diego Police on EI Cajon Blvd. 

According to Detective Ken 
Creese, a male had called a SDSU 
student that day, saying he had 
criminal information about her 
roommate. The student told him 
she would meet him at a bus stop 
on EI Cajon Blvd. , Creese aid. 

The student did not go to meet 
the caller, but instead called po-
lice, who wentto the bus stop where 
they met and arrested Miller, 
Creese said. 

Miller has a history of criminal 
activity, according to Cecil Parish, 
unit s upervisor of the California 
Department of Corrections Parole 
Division in EI 

Parish said that Millerwasjailed 
in February 1986 for receiving 
stolen property. 

He was paroled in September 
1986, after which he was jailed 
twice after violating parole by al-
legedly making threatening phone 
calls and allegedly raping a 17-
year-old who declined to press 
ch Parish said. 

Available Mid June 
The Prec~cle Muss 

* Refill price subjcct to change without nOlice. 

12 oz. VERSiON AVAilAblE AT 
TitE SUNshiNE STORE 

rat~~~)JiIDC!am ~~~eulill~ 
l!fiIrln:~flIl~ 

ON SALE Mid JUNE A.T: 
CItUNG KiNG Lolt ROUNd T .. bLE Pizu 
Tin GROVE CArr" ESPRESSO ROM .. 
TItE Food Co-op Zip's TUMMY BUSTER 
Tin G"NEIlAL STORIE T'A Molly 
TIll. SUNslti .. " STORE WENdy's 

Aft8oelalt4 
SladeDI8 
01 UCSD 

A TAUE of Tit" PAST 
sponsored by: 

U"iv€ .. siTY 
Cun .. 
Bo .... d 

Monday, JWlC 4,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

BRADBURY: Author Speaks on Campus 
Continued from page 3 
videocassette revolution will re-
st ructure the nature of political 
campaigns. 

"The political campaigns will 
all be by videocassette. You 
choose the time you want to see 
the politicians. Have both parties 
send tapes to your house. Then 
you run their lies over and over 
and see who e lies you prefer," he 
said. 

Regarding the space program, 
Bradbury said it is "time we got 
back to the Apollo missions. 
"We've had everything turned 
around; the space shuttle should 
have come ftrst because it's like 
mail delivery, and then the Apollo 
missions which we should have 
continued to t he moon and then on 
to Mars," he said. 

One of the reasons Bradbury 
cited for continuing the space pro-
gram was his opinion that "space 
travel is a proper substitute for 
war; it gives us a chance to have a 
big endeavor and the chance to be 
destroyed. " 

Bradbu ry encouraged studen:s 
to pursue their "loves" regardless 
of financial gain, and not to be 
discouraged by poverty. 

"If all you do in your life is try 
and find things that will make 
money for you, you will have a 

Ray Bradbury 

DCB: CO-Op 
Solution Near 
Continued from page 1 

"If this proposal doesn 't work, 
at least something will probably be 
resolved before the end of the 
quarter," Edson said. 

UCB Chairman Nick Long had 
a similar view. 

"The administration wants it 
over with and forgotten;" he said. 

Some co-op members, however. 
have objections to the center Icey-
way system. 

"The University Center key 
ystem has proven to be insecure," 

said Monty Kroopkin. a volunteer 
legal affairs coordinator for the 
new indicator Collective and a 
strong figure in the co-op move-
ment. "And the university does not 
cover losses due to unauthorized 
access to co-ops." 

However, Steve Dubb, the Co-
op and Enterprise representative 
to the UCB, said that since the co-
ops went off the university key 
system nine years ago, "the uni-
versity has been able to get into the 
co-ops when they need to - we 
would like to keep this system." 

Everyone involved in the issue 
seems to be.lnxious forthedi pute 
to end. 

''I'm tired of dealing with it;' 
Dubb said. 

lousy life .... r want a good life for 
you, based on love, intense love, 
for something. 

because it wa part of someone 
e lse's work, and not all hi's own. 

" In my own field people are 
always saying, 'Why don ' t you 
make four motion pictures a year? 
You can make a million dollars.' I 
don't because I would need a psy-
chiatrist for the rest of my life," he 
said. 

He emphasized that a variety of 
interests are a part of what he 
considers a "great life." 

"I could leave here tonight, turn 
my back on writing and there are a 
dozen other professions J could 
give my love to, and I'd do damn 
well at them too," he asserted. 

Bradbury told how Gene Rod-
denberry had asked him to write 
scripts for the television show "Star 
Trek" when it first appeared. 
Bradbury turned down the offer 

After leaving UCSD, Bradbury 
traveled to Washington, D.C., 
where he and other famous Ameri-
cans met with Soviet President 
Mikhail Gorbachev last Thursday. 

The Student Credit Union, 

open • .., In the fall, seeks 

appIcants for t .... r, clerk, 

lencln. and new accounts 

............ tatlv ••• Get Jour 

application at the ear .. r 

Servlc •• Cent.r or call 

them at 534-4472 

for more information. 

ACUPUNCTURE • ACUPRESSURE • HERBOLOGY 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Prevent Unnecessary Surgeries 
Avoid Taking Drugs 

Restore Health & Vitality 

pain addictions 
stress relief asthma 
fatigue PMS 
sports injury migranes 

Most UCSD Insurance Acceptable 
(close proximity to UCSD) 

(619) 275-3851 
Doctor of Or/ental MediCine, P. Margaret Wells 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279·5955 
D' AGNESSA Insurance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 
San Diego. CA 92111 

ALSO: MEDICALlDENTALlTRAVEL INSURANCE 

• 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

J" 
. , . 

HOURS: 11 ·10:30 Sun., Thurs. 
"-,, Fri.&Sot. \ o. o. 

LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd .. Ste. 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) '. " \. . ..,~. <& 

. 1.01 

o' 

. 

'. -

• 

--------------------12 I I 0 501. OFF ~~~:~ I I 7C large frozen yogurt I 
I Void with any other offer. Toppings not InclUCled. Expires 01 I 0/90. I L ____________________ ~ 

UCSD FITNESS 
SPECIAL 

AND ONLY $20 Pia MONTH 
on a monthly basis 

STAIRMASTER 
UFE CYCLES 
CHIlD CARE 

NEWS 7 

AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS·HOIST 
FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 3 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

BEING·PIT ® 
3968 Clairemont M.eso Blvd. 

Clairemont Square Shopping Center neor Lee Wards·Behind Famoos FoaIweor 

483·9294 
AI", in SDSU area 698·1702. Present this ad and 1.0. 

FREE 
COMPACT 

DISCS 
& TAPESI 
TRADE IN: 6 CASSETTES, GET 1 FREE CO' 

2 CD'S, GET 1 FREE CO· 
2 CASSETTES, GET 1 FREE CASSETTE' 
'No I,mll. {)(lopptovol. used CD', and lOpeS 

~ M.alc "rader - 2 locations 
~# 7094 Miramar Rd ., Miramar Plaza 
., (corner of Distribution) 693-1469 

5728 El Cajon Blvd. 265-2274 
MORE CASH PAID FOR CD'S & CASSETTES 



8 FEATURES The UCSD G uardian Monday, June 4,1990 

Features 

• Story by Sangeeta Mehta 
Stof/WriUr 

"We can see all the damage 
being done to our Earth through 
short-sightedness and greed. 
The question then becomes, 
what can I do to halt th is 
harm?" 

Think globally, act locally, and recycle is 
the Recycle Co-op's answ~r to this question 
posed by the authors of its handbook. 

Staned in 1979 by a Food Co-op mem-
ber, the Recycle Co-op exists to increase the 
efficiency and environmental awareness of 

Every Ton of 
Recycled Paper' 

UCSD, according to senior member and fonner recycle coordinator Stev~ Bloch. 
A non-hierarchical. non-profit organization. the co-op regularly recycles such 

materials as glass, aluminum, newspaper, computer paper, and white ledger paper. 
On a less frequent basis, the recycle co-op also recycle pallets (wOod platfonns) 
and telephone books. ' 

By placing its bins, dumpsters, and "igloos" all around campus, the Recycle C0-
op provides convenient sites for people to deposit recyclables. The Third College 
cuI-dc-sac, V A Hospital, and Price Center game room are among 22 recycling 
sites. 

Some of the recycling is automated. Recycle Co-op member'Mitch Bolt ex-
plained, "CORC [California Glass Recycle Corporation] picks up glass from the 
igloos. Newspaper is also picked up automatically every Friday by Bay Cities." 

Bloch explained that the Bay Cities company picks up most of the garbage 
around campus. 

''They go around campus and pick up a truckload of newspaper instead of trash, 
then deliver it to Great Western Fiber [a paper recycling company]." 

Paid workers rather than companies gather aluminum. 
"We have three hired workers who clean oUI aluminum bins by hand," Bolt 

said. 
But the co-op members themselves, who aren ' t paid, pick up computer paper 

and white ledger paper during their weekly "work parties." 

almost 60 pounds 
r pollution effruents 

out of the air 
lIIustraUoD by Jeff Quan 

lIvery Friday, the ~JCI to AP&M. "stOmp" <Ill the used computer paper in'" 
. the terminal rooms, and brina it t'O dleit loading dock. 

Bloch said the work p!!Ities are a tradition. 
"We get together, see friends;: there', a real spirit of carrulraderie as we move 

1000pound barrels. . . 
"There's a certain mystiq!lC about going into the computer [tenninal rooms]," 

Bloch added. "Everyone sitting there loOks at you lIkeY9u 're having more fUn than 
they are." 

Recycling paper accountS for "SO percent of our labor.and 20 percent of our 
profit, .. Bolt said. Solana Beacb Recyclers buys the paper, along with aluminum. 

Since: the Recycle Co-oP i$ a non-profit organization. the money it receives is 
used for expansion and dQDations to environmental organizations; profits also go 
towards operating expenses which include membership benefits and supplies for 
maintaining the bins, according to Bloch. .. 

As~ from being responsible for campus recycling, the Recycle Co-op has 
sparted several smaller recycling programs on and off campus. Bloch explained that 
one year UCSD had lab glass warM hat could no longer be used because it didn;t 
meet school standards. 

"We put [the depamnent] in touch with San Diego public schools, and the glass 
was donated to the schools' science programs. Now whenever UCSD has glassware 
to get rid of, they give San Diego publir- schools a call." 

See RECYCLE, page 9 

. UCSD Alumni Honor Two 'Big Macs' on Campus 
Ten Others to Be Awarded at Annual Alumni 'Awards for Excellence' Banquet 
Two natural scientists will share one of the four key developers of co-founder and developer of soft- first San Diegan appointed to the student Michael Joseph Christie of 

the UCSD Alumni Association 's the Macintosh itself, and his ideas ware for NeXT, Inc., where he UC Board of Regellls and served Sunnyvale. 
1990 Outstanding Alumnus Award are contained in the Quickdraw, now serves as vice president. 16 years in that post, a portion of Outstanding Senior Athletes 
for their contributions to the early MacPaint, and Hypercard pro- Four other awards will be made the time as chairman. will go to Sabrina]ensen, women's 
development of the Macintosh grams. at the banquet to faculty and com- The Distinguished Service cross country, and Bradley Tho-
computer and its software. Atkinson is now an Apple Fel- munity representatives, as well as Award will be given to J. Edwin mas, swimming. 

Bill Atkinson, a key developer low, free to work on what interests six awards to outstanding students. Seegmiller, professor of medicine UCSD Chancellor Richard 
of the Macintosh computer, and him, and is in constant demand as The Alumni Association's Pro- and director of the Sam and Rose Atkinson and Gerry McAllister, 
Guy "Bud" Tribble, who managed one of the most famous "computer fessional Achievement Award will Stein Institute for Research on president of the UCSD Alumni 
the original Macintosh software hackers" in the world. be presented to Clyde Ostler, vice Aging. The Distinguished Teach- Association, will present the 
development team for Apple Tribble, who graduated from chainnan of Wells Fargo & Co., ing A ward will be presented to plaques to the repipients. Arrange-
Computer Inc. , will be honored at UCSD in 1975 with a degree in San Francisco. Ostler graduated Jehanne Teilhet-Fisk, an associate ments for the event are under the 
the Alumni Association 's annual physics, also holds M .D. and Ph.D with a degree in mathematics in professor in the Visual Arts De- direction of Dee Parks, Awards 
banquet on June 16. degrees from the University of 1968 with the first UCSD class. He partment and longtime student of Committee chair. 

A 1974 graduate ofUCSD with Washington. now has a daughter attending the culture of the island of Tonga. The public is invited to attend 
a degree in chemistry, Atkinson Tribble joined Atkinson, with UCSD. Outstanding Student Awards this event in the Price CenterGrand 
joined Apple Computer in its early whom he had been friend s at DeWitt Higgs, co-founder of will go to Third College student Ballroom beginning at 6 p.m .. 
years and was key in the develop- UCSD, at Apple Computer to the law firm of Higgs, fletcher & Paul Lanning of San ]~se, Revelle TicketsareS35 per person. Res-
ment of the Lisa computer, a pre- develop an operating system for Mack. will be made an Honorary College student Keyannin Afsahi ervations and information may be 
cursor to the Macintosh. He was the Macintosh. He later became Alumnus of UCSD. Higgs was the of La Mesa, and Warren College obtained by calling 534-3900. 

Monday, June 4 , 1990 

RECYCLE 
Continued from page 8 

Bloch said the Recycle Co-op 
also recently set up a cardboard 
recycling bin behind the Triton 
Pub. Food Co-op members are con-
tinuing the project. 

Food Co-op member Ali Vick-
landsaid the bin was taken away in 
the fall, but has recen tly returned. 

The bin wi ll be cleared at least 
every two weeks so that all the 
cardboard , except cardboard that 
is waxed, can be recycled. 

Ben Reisburg, a lso a Food Co-
op member, said, " Students don ' t 
really generate cardboard; it 's the 
businesses and departments. A lot 
a re recycling cardboard now, 
showing that many people are 
changing attitudes." 

Reisburg said everyone needs 
to start changing thei r attitudes. 

"The resources on thi s planet 
won' t keep extending themselves," 
he explained. "We live on a planet 
which [is based] o n cycles." 

Reisburg explained one reason 
people don ' t recycle: "We' re so 
locked into putting things in their 
place. If thi s is trash, we throw it 
away. 

"Buy-cons ume- throw away: 
that 's the whole mind set of our 
culture," he sa id. 

Citing another reason people 
don ' t recycle, R eis burg said, 
"There aren't places to recycle 
everywhere. But if there was a 
recycle bin at every garbage can, 
people would have to recycle. 

"You get fuel ed by the sati sfac-
tion of recycling. It 's a good thing 
and easy to do. Even to re-use a 

paper bag save!'> energy. 
"The way I look at it, Eanh Day 

is everyday; we should be able to 
do something for the earth every-
day," Reisburg said. 

One way that the Food Co-op 
members "celebrate Earth Day" is 
by trying to use cellulose bags op-
posed to bags made from oil, reus-
ing their brown paper bags, and by 
encouragi ng the Student Centerto 
use recyclable toilet paper and 
paper towels. 

Reisburg aid he sometimes 
goes around the Studen t Center to 
pick through the garbage and get 
recyclables from it. 

" People throwaway glass and 
aluminum; it make me feel pretty 
good because I' m catching waste 
that would otherwise be thrown 
away," he said. 

Vicki and ex plained why the 
Food Co-op is so involved with 
recycling. 

" In this day and age, when you 
receive food , you receive packag-
ing [which can be recycled]. We 
don ' t want it to go to the landfills." 

Thus the Food Co-op members 
frequently empty their own recycle 
barrels into the Recycle Co-op bins. 

"Similarly," said Bloch , "Muir 
College has barre ls, and residents 
do their part by taking them to the 
curb and dumping them into our 
dumpsters." 

Bloch explained that the Food 
Co-op and the other colleges work 
through t!1e Recycle Co-op becau e 
the Recycle Co-op already has con-
tacts with industries. 

Although the Recycle Co-op 
focuses on recycling, it began to 

See RECYCLE, page 10 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

General Store Extends Contest Deadline 
By 
JAMES COLU ER 
Features Editor 

The General 
Store Co-op is hav-
ing a photo con-
test ... well, sort of. 
The deadline for 
the contest was pre-
viously J une I. 
However, the date 
for turning in pho-
tos has been pushed 
forward until Nov. 
30. 

August Endaya, 
amemberofthe co-
op, sa id a lack o f 
entries for the con-
test " is one of the 
reasons we are ex-

tending the dead-
line until Fall '90." 

" We wanted 
[the contest] to be 
primarily gea red 
to students," said 
Greg Charles, 
manager of the co-
op. 

" We expect 
things like field 
trips students 
from Muir would 
take ... parties ... 
and intramural 
spons." 

Endaya also 
added that pic-
tures by staff 
members would 
be particularly 
fasci na ting be-
cause "it would be 
interesting to see 
what they con-
sider student life 
to be." 

According to 
Endaya, the reason 
the co-op decided 

General Store Co-op Manager Greg Charles encourages 
students to enter the photo contest. 

The co-op is 
accepti ng only 

to have a contest was that "we had 
ex tra advertising money, and we 
thought, ' Why not use it fora photo 
contest?'" 

Endaya said the prize for first 
place is a mountai n bike. For sec-
ond place, the prize is a pairofsun-
glasses, and the third place prize is 
a UCSD T-shirt. 

"The judges are going to con-
sist of members of the General 
Store Co-op," he said. 

The contest is open to staff as 
well as students, and the theme is 
"student life." 

'We had extra ad-
vertising money, 
and we thought, 
'Why not use it fo r 
a photo contest?" 

- August Endaya 
General Store (o·op Member 

"We are basically looking for 
' ADay in the Life ' sort of picture," 
Endaya sa id . 

5X7 color prints. 
Charles said when people tum in 
prints for the contest, they should 
tum in a negative or color slide as 
well. 

';We're asking for the negative 
to see that they actua lly took the 
picture," he said. 

Endaya said the reasoning be-
hind the req uirement that entries 
be in color is that the co-op can 
only send color slides or negatives 
to its proce s ing facilities. 

He also added that "a lot of us 
are color oriented, and we want to 
have the contest in color." 

SPECIAL!! Help Save -The Envi __ oDloenl 
Miramar a t Cabot Self Storage 
(MAC) & Miramar Business 
Storage (MBS) is having its 
greatest college student sale. We 
will rent you selected units at 
50% discount. We guarantee the 
lowest prices in town. Hurry 
before time runs out ! Call us 
at 549-0500 or 549-8300. 

p.- ._ .. _ ...... -... .-. 
I I 
I COUPON GOOD FOR I 
I M 50% M I I I I I I I 
I 

0 
I IA B I 

• I I I 
I I 
• I I C SELECTED UNITS S • I I 
I (UGSD STUDENTS) I 
.. - . _ .. _-_ .... _ .. - ._ . 

It's As Easy as 1-2-3 
1 , Precycle ..... _ ........ . 

2< Recycle .<. 
3. Preserve 

Buy a Mug, Save a Tree! 
It's as easy as 1-2-3! 

1. Get yourself a handy, thennal-plastic mug and eliminate the 
use of "one-timers" (the paper cups that the Student Center and 
Price Center go through at the rate of about 10,000 per week). 
They add up to a lot of trees being used for paJX!r Inanugacturing. 

2. Now think abwt how much landfill spoce is needed for 10 000 "one-tim~rs" per week ... per quarter ... per year? The figure~ are 
astoundtng. 

3. Trere's more to be saved than trees ani landfi ll space when 
yoo us~ the mug ... money, money, money. Yep, that's right. 
Every bme you use your mug you get a refill for ooly $.69* plus tax 
on yo\!' Soft Drinks or Iced Tea! 

Buy choosing to use a Precycle Mug, and not to use paper cups, 
you coold save one entire tree in your college career. Buy a 
Precycle Mug and do your part for the enironment. 

Recycle Bins are .......... By: 
located around ...... .,. ~ the Price Center 5&1. 11 and Student tl OCSI iii Ualv ..... ty Center Center Board , 



10 FEATURES 

RECYCLE 
ontinued from page 9 

expand it activities five years ago 
to include environmental issues 
other than recycling. 

"We'vehad speaker and infor-
mation tables at the Sun God Fes-
tival and Open House to raise the 
environmental awareness on cam-
pus." Blo h ald . 

They have also shown movies 
with environmental themes. and 
distributed banners and flyers. A 
few years ago. member brought a 
mountain lion onto Revelle Plaza 
to attract attention to collect signa-
tures against mountain lion hunt-

ing. 
The Recycle Co-op receives 

orne of its information about 
environmental issue from the 
several nationwide organization 

'The resources on 
this planet won 't 
keep extending 
themselves. ' 

- Ben Reisburg 
Food ( o-op Member 

it is affiliated with. 
Theseorganizations include the 

Sierra Club, Greenpeace, and Earth 

T h e UCSD G u ardian 

First!, as well as others who send 
the co-op magazines, newspaper , 
and newsletters. Co-op members 
also receive information when they 
attend the organizations' meetings. 

"We've gone to meetings of the 
~an Diego Counci l of Environ-
mental Organizations. Usua lly one 
or two representatives show up to 
dISCUSS envIronme nt al issues 
around the county." 

The Recycle co-op plans to 
continue expanding on-campus 
recycling. 

Bloch explained, "We're ex-
panding constantly. In the next 
three weeks, we'll have at least 
two new glass site . We recycle 

three times as much ne wspaper 
and twice as much white ledger 
paper as lasl year." 

Bloch ment ioned that a cam-
pu -widerecyclingprogram,called 
the Recycling oalition, will be-
gin oon. 

"The prog ram will work in all 
the dorms and apartm ents on 
campus to collect recyclables [such 
a 1 newspaper, alum inum, and 
glass. It's basedon a model stalled 
atMuirdorms la t spring," he aid. 

" Each person can do his/herpal1 
by being aware, knowing where 
packaging is going," said Vick-
land. "Wt:- can work together to 
save the earth ... from us." 

M o nday, June 4 , 1990 

READ THIS! 
This space could be filled 

with something you wrote, 
drew, or took a picture of. Or, 
you could have proofed it , typed 
it, or placed it on the page. Or 
you could h ave sold this space 
to an advertiser . 

But you didn't. 
So we're giving you another 

chance. The UCSD Guardian 
is coming out three times a week 
next year, and we still need 
people to scratch, shoot, doodle, 
solicit, doublech eck , peck , 
motor, and produce. Check out 
our big ad on page 27. 

And don't delay. 

.,--------------------------------------------, 
~ \. 

'.'\ -.~ La Joll. VI".ge S"uare 
Just m inutes from campus in Holiday Court ~j Den'a' Group OIlers You: 

SAN DIEGO 'S MOST UNIQUE LIQUOR STORE 
• OUTSTANDING SELECTION OF FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC WINES, 

BEERS & LIQUORS . INTERNATIONAL & OUT-OF-STATE NEWSPAPERS 

GOURMET FOODS FROM HOMEMADE TO DECADENT 
• LOnO .LOnERY .SUD·S SAN FRANCISCO ICE C REAM PARLOR 

WE HA VE THE BEST SELECTION IN SAN DIEGO 
.MOVIE RENTALS ·POPCORN . IMPORTED CHOCOLATES 

We packa{!e and ship anywhere! 
FREE DELIVERY in La Jolla, Golden Trian gle 

area on all orders of$35 and over 

OPEN. SUN.-THUI1S, 6 om-Mid .. FRI.-SAT. 6 o m-2 om 3251 Holiday Court off Villa La Jolla 455· 1414 

If It 
Doesn't Fit 

Ship It. 
Whether heading for collf:ge or home for 
vacation, Mall Boxes EtC. USA Will ger your 

t hings there safer, faster and all In on 
piece. We even paCk your boxes for you l 

VONS LA JOLLA COLONY CENTER 
7770 Regen.ts ~d . • ~an. Diego: 45~-733 1 

Mon.-Fn. 8.30-6.30, Sat. '9.30-3.00 
I INDtPl:NOENTLY OWNED AND ()P£RATED 

!'/~ • COSMETIC BONDING • VISA OR MASTERCARD 
• EVENING APPTS. • INSTANT INSURANCE 
• STEREO HEADPHONES EVALUATION 

.. • NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
• 24-HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• ORAL SURGERY FOR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRACTION 

---------------------------'NnrODuao.y 0" •• 
EXAM & X-RAYS $ 19 Reg. $49 

ONLY 
Includes: X-Roy._ Oral Cancer hom and PriYOie Consullation. Expires 6/30/ 90. 

Offered 10: Students, Faculty and Staff of UCSD 

--------------------------DAVID S. ISHOM D.D.S. 
Member: ADA, CDA, SOCDS, Delta Dental 

8861 Villa Lo Jolla Dr., Suite 501 
(behind Kinko's) 455-9151 

8-WEEK SUMMER 
RESEARCH 
JOBS 

For 
Physics 
Chemistry 
Engineering 
Computer Science Majors 
& Biochemistry Majors 

Eligibility: • Junior or Senior by this summer 
• 2.8 GPA or above 
• First generation in your family to go to 
college 

• Eligible for financial aid 

Eight positions are available. They provide laboratory experience, a 
$2,000 fellowship, and free campus housing. 

Pick up an application at: Faculty Mentor Program 
507MAAC 
(a little brown building east of Price Center) 

Monday, June 4, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

• • 

OW even a starVing 
stu ent can a or 

a Mac E! 

NOW ONLY 

For a limited time you too can save $505 on a 
Macintosh SE computer (20mb hard drive). 

\ )1'11'1 Illi~~ \ ''lll' "h,llh' \ ' II' htl\ ,I \1.II' inlll ... h 
,II tlll'~I ' 1,,\\. I"" l'l'il 'n. Thi ~ i~ (f\\Y 

.l\,lil.ll,k I" ,111'1' ,' 111 ~llidl'llb , 1.1111 11\ .Ilhl 
~t.dt .11 l l'~\). 

The power to be your best. ® 

• Mac Plus only $785 
• Mac SE/30 only $2315 (40mb hard drive) 
• Mac Ilcx/40 only $3670 
• Mac Hei/40 only $4755 

and much more! 

l'~I\'ERSln' 

BOOKSTORE 

Computer Center 534 .. 4291 

11 



12 

~ I 
ACADEMIC SERVICES 

MONDA Y THROUGH FRIDA Y 

8:00 • . m.·4:00 p.m.-SIGI PLUS· Systems of Inlenlclive 
Guidance and Informalion i • compuler·based progr1lm of 
carcer infolTTlalion de,isned 10 he lp you clarify )'our ski lls. 
values. and occupational inli:rest~. For more information. 
con,. 10 Ca~r Cenler Sen'ice •. Admission; 510.00. 

1:30-4:00 p.m.-Drop· in Advising 1I0urs. For help fi nding 
desirable pan'lime employmenl, delermining career goals. 
"",rching for jobs or exploring professional or grJduale school 
opponunities. oappointmcncnecessary.ju t walk in. Career 
Services Ccoler. 

MO DAY, JUNE 4 

1:30 p.m.-ln.ervlewlOS Skills Worl.shop. Co you need help 
in prepa"ng for Job inlcn'iews? Career Services Cenler will 
provide Ilps oolhe best "3),l'O 10 present your qualifications and 
what kind of intervic:w questions to expect. 

TUESDAY, JU E5 

10:30 a.m.-Effecllve Job S..rtOh S.ra.egy. I!O% of all job 
vacancies raft: un8dveni~d. This workshop willicach you the 
most effective way 10 find them. Carttr Servu:es Center. 

WEDNESDAY. JUNE6 

3:00 p.m.-; lo~' To Choose A Medical School· Applying for 
admission 10 Fall. 19911 TrylOg.o decide be."een several 
schools'? This mfonnation session will suggest selecuon crili-
eria to consider. Career Services Center. 

FRIDAY. JUNE 7 

10:30 a.m.-The Marl.el.ble Resume WOB; hop. Learn how 
10 constnJCI a stalc-of-Ihe-an l'Cl'lume lhat will make you stand 
out from me crowd. urar Service Center. 

ENTERTAINMENT 

TUESDA Y. JUNE 5 

7:30·10:00 p.m.-Jap.nese Ammalion. "CaSilt in !he Sky 
Lapala.- Cal·An;mage's final showing of.he year. Call 558· 
8095 for more informa.ion. TLH 107. 

FRIDA Y. JUNE 8 

7:30 p.m.-English Dance Pany. Everyone " . icome! Re· 
freshmenlS. Come Celebrale .he l.sl day of clas""s!! Rec. 
Conference Room. Rec . Gym. 

HEALTH & FITNESS 

MONDA Y, JUNE 4 

2:00 p.m.-Summer Lovin· ... gorma have me some fun. Dis· 
covcrthejoysofusing a condom. If)'ou don 't wam theexClle-
mem of pregnancy or disease in your summer, come to a buth 
control informalion session. Studem Health Service. 2nd noor. 

TUESDA Y, JUNE 5 

1:00 p.m.-This IS the Last week of bi rth control information 
sessions and wel l woman sessions. If you' ve always wanted to 
check ou. our fun and frank discussions, come.o one IIl1s week. 
Slude", Heahh Serv ices. 

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6 

1:00 p.m.-Ode To A Diaphragm: Oh Diaphragm, Oh 
Diaphragm ... Wha. are you for ... 'o block lhe spermies from my 
cerv,,,,,1 door, and any spelTTlies lha. do gel inside gel ki lled by 
your f nend Ihe sperm icide. Come leam aboullhe proper use of 
I diaphragm and other methods at a birth control information 
session. Siudeni Heal!h Service. 211d floor. 

1:80 p.m.- The end oflhe year is near; have you done yourp.p 
smell'! The well woman discussion will address Ihc pelvic 
exam .... d ocher important fe minine Ilealth care issues. Come 
on by! S.udenl Hal!h Service. 2nd Ooor. 

SERVICES & WORKSHOPS 

MONDAY, JUNE 4 

1:JI.1Nl a.a.-8~ 0 ...... This JIOUP Is fot IIUdenu 
wllDlIIwe ... ~ u ..... , I Bipolar diIorder and .... 
......... ror_. ,-.......-";UbccopiQawiohdle 
............ flllllre.lIII1l1vina ... or wiftJuI mcft:I&ion. 

lAIII~ 0. ......... UnoMyCalderon. CII1534· U79 for 
iIfaa "e "~. llewllo Colle .. """' .... OIT'ICO. 

The UCSD Guardian 

TheWeeldy Calendar 

4:00-5:30 p.m.-Chicana. Hispanic. Lalina Suppon Group. 
Topics will include: academic mOClvltion. strcs nw ulgenlent. 
.. I"ionship enhancemen., and Ihe changing role of Hispanic 
women in academics. Led by Lindsay Calderon. Call 534-
3755 for information and sign-up. Price Center. DavisIRiver-
side Room. 

4 :00·5:30 p.m.-Advanced Asseniveness Tmining. Andeigh.· 
session group fo r stude nts who have a good understanding of 
the skills of Ilssenive communication. bur have not been able 10 
succe<sfully practice Ihe sk ills becauseof self -defealing IhoughlS 
and se lf·sabo.aglOg behaviOr>. StudenlS will be able 10 explore 
the thoughts and fee lings thaI inhibh thei r practice of assen ive. 
commumcallon, Led by &juilla Luke, 534·0249. Revelle 
Formal Lounge. 

6:00·7:30 p.m.-Gay and Bisexual Men's Suppon Group. 
We're 3 wee"IY.lnfonnal.confidel1lia l peergmup for sludents 
who wan! to discus~ Issues and share concerns. Come lend your 
suppon! We will be: having our fi na l meeting as a poduck. 
Please bring food or drink. Call LAGO •• 534-GA YS for 
directions. 

TUESDAY, JUNE 5 

9:00· 11 :00 •• m.-Alcobol and Subslance Abu"" Pcer Coun · 
seling. Are you concerned about a friend but don't know waht 
10 say? SlOP by and leI's lalk. You can help! Cecilia A. 

Nepomu~no. peer counselor. For more infonnation, call 
Jeanne Manese.1 534·3035. TC Dean', Office. Room 107. 

9:00· 11 :00 a.m.-Alcohol and Subslance Abuse Peer Coun· 
seling. For s"aigh. talk and Slraigh. answers. con laC. Marc 
Wi",riss, pcer counselor. Argo Hall . room 104/105. 

2:304:00 p.m.-Graduate Men 's and Women's 'Illerapy 
Group. A weekly group for graduate students imerested in 
exploring relationships. academic/professional issues, and 
personal concerns. Led by Min am losupovici, 534-0255. for 
infonnalion and a preliminary interview .before coming to the 
group. call Minam. GH 1003. 

2:30-4:00 p.m.-Asian/Pacific Islander SludenlS' Suppon 
Group. This drop-in group is designed to address the concerns 
of Ihc Asi.nlPacific b lander studenlS II UCSD in a problem· 
solving and supponive atmosphere. Issues such as academic 
and career concems. family systems in cultural transition, self 
Identity , and living in two cultures as students arc po sible 
diSCUSSIon lopic,. Call Jeanne Manese for more informalion at 
534·3035. Mounlain View Lounge. 

3:00-4:30 p.m.-Group for UnmoliVaied and Procraslinaling 
SludenlS. A group for 51udenlS who fond il difficulllO study or 
gel staned on the wriling of papers and who fee l!ha. school is 
not !he place for Ihem al !his lime. Led by Hugh Pales. 534· 
3456. Revelle Provost's Office. 

3:30·5:00 p.m.-Coping Skills Group. The goal of !his group 
IS to understand wene ohhe ways in which emol ions. biologi. 
cal moods, cognilivc auitudes and strategies. as well as behav. 
ioral patterns interact to either crealC . or 10 solve problems. 
This will be an aClive group using imagery and reheal'5al 
lechniques in group .nd a self·help book and homework 
between sessions. Led by Beverly Harju and Yvette MilrJ.ni . 
call 534-6493 or 534·1725 for informa.ion and a preliminary 
'merview. WC 202. Conf. Room. 

4:00-' :00 p.m.-Alcohol and Subslallce Abuse PeerCounsel· 
mg. For stra ight talk and strdight answers. contact Marc 
Win.ris •• peer counselor. Argo Hall , room 104/105. 

5 :00-':30 p.m.-Af ricanl American Women's Suppan Group. 
An informal group which meelS weekly 10 discuss lopics of 
inlerest lo African/American women. Emphasis is on sharing 
!houghlS and fce lings aboullhe academic. personal and ,ocial 
experience al UCSD. Call Equilla Luke, 534-0249. or CrySial 
Shannon. 534-0254, for more infonmalion. MounlaUl View 
Lounge. 

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6 

10:00·11:30 a.m.-La.inolChicano Therapy Group. This 
group dea ls wi!h issues of self·daub •. and inlegraling vanous 
aspeclSofl iving: parenlS , family . social relalionship . We will 
work toward the goal of maintaining student productivity. Led 
by Dan Munoz,534· 1 579. and ReinaJuanez.534·3875. Revelle 
Pro\'Os", S Ulldin!! 

1:00·3:00 p. 1 SubslJUlce Abuse Peer Counsel · 
ing. Art you, I. friend bu l don 'I know whallo 
~ay7 SlOP by and le"~ lalk. You can help! Cecilia A. 
Nepomuceno. peer counselor. For more infonnation. ca ll 
Jeanne Manese al 534·3035 , TC Dean's Office. Room 109. 

4:00·5:30 p.m.-Genera l Therapy Group, A group for under· 
gradua.e sluden lS who would like.o explore rheirlhoughLS and 
fcelings in a group selling. Concerns common .0 sludenlS 
which will be explored in this group indu"," ~veloping aduh 
relalionships with parents. exploring ~IBl ionshi ps with pecl1i, 
and giving and receiving feedback to group members. Call 
Equilla Luke. 534-0249, for a preliminary appoinlmtnl. GH 
1003. 

S:~:JO p.m.- Biracial Issues Workshop. An eight-session 
workshop for students of racially mixed backgrounds who 
would like (0 learn effective ways of dealing with societal 
pressures to identify as one race only. Issues ofidemity, fami ly 
and peer relationships will be addressed. StudenlS will partici-
pate in drawmg exercises and discussions in a supportive 
environment. Call Crystal Shannon for more infonnation al 
534-0254. GH 1003. 

~:00-7:30 p.m.-Lesbian and Bisexu.1 Women's Suppon 
Group. We' re a week ly.confidenlialdrop·in group for women 
imeresled in discuss ing personal concerns and social i sues in 
a comfonable. supponive environrncll1 . Drop by the Women ~s 
Resau"," Cenler (Price Ceoler), or call 534·2023 or 534·3755 
for more infonnation. Led by Cheli and Sue. 

THURSDA Y, JUNE 7 

9:00·11 :00 a.m.-Alcohol and SubsllUlce Abuse Pcer Coun· 
seling. Are you concerned aboul a friend but don 't know wh:u 
lO say? S.op by and le.·s •• Ik. You can help! Ceci li. A. 
Ncpomuceno, peer counse lor. For more infonnalion, ca ll 
Jeanne Mane .. a. 534·3035 . TC Dean'. Office, Room 107. 

9:00-11 :00 a.m.- Alcohol and SuilsllUlce Abuse Peer Coun· 
seling. For straight talk and straight WlSWCrs. contact Marc 
Winlris,. pcer counselor. Argo lIall , room 104/105. 

FRIDA y , JUNE 8 

2:00·3:30 p.m.- Alcohol and Subs.ance Abuse Group. If you 
have ever asked, "00 ( have a problem?". chances tlfe you do 
have a few !hingSio •• Ik aboul. Led by Dan Munozand &jui lla 
Luke. Call Dan aI 534·1579 for more informalion. Revelle 
Provos" s Office. 

4:00-':00 p.m.-Campus Black Forum. An informal discus· 
siorv'suppon group which focuses on issues, concerns and 
experiences that affect the qua lity of life of the African{ 
American communilY aI UCSD. A problem·solving.nd sk.ill· 
building approach is used to assisl students in coping with 
academic. social. relalionship. and fam ily mailers. Led by Phil 
Raphael and Crystal Shannon. for more infonnation, call 534· 
3755. Mounlain V,ew Lounge. 

RELIGIOUS FUNCfIONS 

TUESDA Y THROUGH SATURDAY 

5:00 p.m.-Ca!holic Mass. Sponsored by !he Calholic Com· 
munilyal UCSD. Universily Lu.heran ChurtOh. comer of N. 
Torrey Pines and La Jolla Shores Dr. 

TUESDAY, JUNE 5 

12:00· 1:00 p.m.- Bible S.udy . ChriSiians Sludying Ihe word 
ofGnd. We wi ll be a. our laslSludy ofrhequaner. bul we ' ll be 
back ne.a:t year; same time and place. All invited! Price Center. 
Rm.5. 

Monday, June 4 , 1990 

5:30 p.m.-Miss ion Committee oflhe Lutheran Community 
meets in (he lounge. Un ivcl')ity Lutheran Chu rch (across the 

sl~l from Revelle College). 

WEDNESDA Y, JUNE 6 

10:00 a.m.·4:00 p.m.- The Israel AClivil ies Commiuce has 
an Informa.ion Table up in !he Price Cenler Plaza . Come and 
.alk wi!h kwish studenlS aboul Jewish life on campus and 
opportunities for visiting Israel. 

6:08 p.m.- Dine wi!h olhcrhungry studenlS II a supper hOSied 
by Lurheran Campu MiniSlry. Univers ilY Lurheran Church 
across Ihe Slmo. from Revelle Collegc . 

6:00 p.m.-SlUdenls of.he Lu.herun Communi.y a. UCSD 
host a barbecue. All is welcome! University LUl heran OlUrch 
( . cross Ihe streel from Revelle College). 

7:00 p.m.-Bible Siudy led by LUlherun Campus Pastor, Jobn 
Huber. All is welcome! UniversilY LUlheran Chu r<h ( across 
Ihe Slreel from Reve lle College). 

7:30 p.m.- Wednesday Nigh. Di<cussions. Price Cenler. 

8:00 p.m.- Inquirers Seminar '0 acquain. people wi!h .he 
"basics" of the Christian faith . Everyone is welcome to this 
program sponsored by the Lutheran Campus Ministry . Ull iver4 
silY LUlheran ChurtOh (across Ihe Slr"el from Revelle College). 

9:31 p.m.---Candlelight Mass· A quiet. meditative lime for 
Sharing with others . Sponsored by the Catho lic Student 
Community at UCS D. Univ eNii ty Lutheran Church. comer of 
N. Torrey Pines and La Joll. Shore, Dr. 

THURSDAY, JUNE 7 

10:00 a.m.·2:08 p.m.-Jewish Campus Cenle" lnfonmalion 
Table in Revelle Plaza. Come and meel Rabbi Doug SIOlnik. 
direclor of IheJewish Campus Cenlers.1 UCSD. This is. way 
10 set inronnalioll about Jewish life on campus. 

5:45 p.m.- The Thursday Dinner. Ilomem.de food and greal 
company. Sponsored by Ihe Calholic Sludenl Communily.1 
UCSD. Uni ve"ily Lulheran Church. comer of N. Torrey 
Pines and La Jolla Shores Dr. 

6:00·7:00 p.m.- Wan. 10 improve you r10ve life? Joinusas we 
dis.uss lhe wOB; of C.S. Lewis .bou. the imponam subjec. of 
LOVE. Sponsored by.he Uniled Campus MiniSlry. meelS in 
Bldg. 502 MAAC. All is we lcome. 

6:00·7:00 p.m.- Join with us 10 wo"hip Gnd and share Holy 
Communion. Uniled Campus Min istry will fini sh ""I !his 
year's Bible S.udy wi!h prayerand 1I0y Communion. Prepare 
yourself for fina ls and the summer break . Presbyterian. Melh· 
odiSi. UniredChulthofChrisl. Disciples of Chris I. and Church 
of !he Bre!hren studenlS are welcome. Bldg. 502 MAAC. 

7:00 p.m.- tnlerVorsily Christian Fe llowship will be having 
ilS large sroup meeling in USB 2622: Come check il "" •. 

7:30 p.m.-Bible Sludy· Episcopil col lege SlUdenlS. Weekly 
Bible Study I nd mondlly evenlS. Info: Fr. Bill Malledy. 565· 
6661. SI. Eliube!h·. Church. 282' Menon Ave. 

SUNDA Y, JUNE 10 

8:00 Lm., 10:80 L.a.- Episcopal Church Worship Service: 
Sunday EuchariSl I nd Pansh fellowship. Good Samaritan 
Episcopal Church. 4321 EaSlp ie Mill. 

8:'" I .m., 5:80 p.m., , : .. p.m.-Cilholic Mass . Sponsored 
by Ihc Cilhol ic Conununi.y II UCSD. Universi.y Lulheran 
Oourch. comer of N. Toney Pine. Ind La Jolla Shote. Dr. 

11:. L •• -LuIhenn wORhlp service includes I celebralion 
of die Bapcism of Brian Lane. All Ire .... Icome. Univenily 
Lulilerwl Cburch (ac ..... die _ I from Revello Colle .. ). 

6:lt p."-&"",",,icil Coup1n OI\ioy I paIIudr. dInnar and 
some frlendihiJHloiildln. IIId nwriap---.tIIonina. Brint 
IIIIin diah, .. W , or deaeft. Spon-.I by 1110 Calholic .... 
Ludlerwl minialriea II UCSD. Univenily Luchonn Ooun:h 
( ....... 1110 _ from Iteve1Jo Col.). 

, I 

Monday, June 4,1990 

LEBRON 
Continued from page 1 

The tip " was part of what tied us 
to him, but we' re not discussing ... 
how we came ac ross him, how we 
[pursued] the investigation," Co-
hen said. 

Lebron closely matched a de-
scription of a man seen by several 
witnesses running from the site of 
Tarr's stabbing, Cohen said, add-
ing that Lebron previously lived in 
the Clairemont neighborhood 
where the three slayings occurred. 

In regard to whether Lebron 
was put under surveillance prior to 
his detainment, Cohen replied: "I 
think be was for a while, but so 
were other people and so are other 
people." 

On Wednesday morning, Co-
hen said, police received an an-
onymous phone call from a man 
who said: "Could you please tell 
Detective Greg Walton, San Di-
ego Police Department, that I'm 
going to find another girl and kill 
her." 

Police detennined that Lebron 
made the alleged phone call, and 
with the assistance of the District 
Attorney's office proceeded to 
serve a search warrant on Lebron 's 
person and his residence. 

At 4 p.m. Wednesday, Lebron 
was taken into custody outside his 
residence, Sergeant Chuck Peck 
said. 

While Lebron admitted making 
the phone call , the Di strict 
Attorney 's office has no plans to 
press charges against Lebron in 
that matter, Cohen said. 

Cohen defended the detainment 
of Lebron by saying that in the 
wake of the alleged phone cal1 
" public safety clearly demanded 
that we at least take him into cus-
tody until we could detennine ifhe 
killed one or more of these 
women," 

The investigation into the 
Clairemont murders is currently 
" back at square one," Cohen said. 
"Out there is still a killer, or more 
than one. Any and al1 tips we get 
regarding suspects will certainly 
be fol1owed," 

THIRD 
Continued from page 6 
mittee member Debbie Duncan 
said. 

"Personally," Young said, "if 
he would have told me about Tom 
Lantos, I might have listened. But 
going over our heads - I didn ' t 
want to have anything to do with 
it. " 

According to Lanning, the 
committee decided to disband af-
ter learning that Lytle had arranged 
for Lantos to speak without con-
sulting it. 

"The feeling among the com-
mittee was, ' Why have the com-
mittee if we' re going to be overrid-
den by the provost? Isn 't it a waste 
of our time to be meeting?' So we 
decided to disband the commit-
tee," Lanning said. 

Sean Banks, Third College 
assistant res ident dean, fee ls that a 
lack of communication caused 
the e conflict between the pro-
vost and the committee, 

"} don' t think anyone told the 
provost that they were upset with 
him, and I think that was the major 
difference. I think studen ts were 
upset, and they 'weren't going to 
the sou~(:C directly. 

"I think Cecil is more aware 
now how his actions and the a - . 
lion of Ihe college have affected 
thestudent leaders. and llhink. he' 
more willing now to try and make 
sure it doesn 't happen again," 
Bank aid. ,.. .. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Math, Computer Science or 
Physics Graduates 

LlBRASCOPE has job openings for bright, energetic 
people interested in working in the areas of 
Software System Design, Programming and 
Algorjthm Deyelopment. 
Librascope is a leader in Anti-Submarine warfare 
algorithm development and offers a "small company" 
work environment with competitive salaries, benefits 
and flexible hours. Personal excellence is empha-
sized and ernployees are encouraged to .work on a 
variety of projects from initial design to final testing 
and checkout. 

Come team with the best! 
Send resumes to: Librascope 

3065 Rosecrans Place, Suite 201 
San Diego, CA 92110 
ATTN: Lori Gadler 

Extended 
Library 
Hours 

NEWS 13 

Fri. June 8 through Fri. June 15 

12 am to 3 am 
Located in the Undergraduate Library 
South Study Room in Galbraith Hall. 

Librascope 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Sponsored by the Undergraduate Ubrary, 
esa Program and ASUeSD 

~::e~~~ · 
·M·:"'·" .~". pai ol"'''fbr-hY (i'ur ·~~o~R~ 

tn 

Bring your used textbooks to the tent in front of the bookstore 
and receive cash! 

Monday, June 11 
through 
Friday, June 15 9 c.m. - 4 p.m. 

Saturday, June 16 10 c.m. - 4 p.m. 

d ? 

Hours: Monday-Friday 7:30 a.m, - 6 p.m. 
Saturday 9:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. 
Closed Sundays & Holidays. 

UNIVERSITY 
~ - ~ 
IlllllnllilUa 



14 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 

Inside the 3rd Dimension 
By CHRIS)"! A HUIZAR 
Sellior Stuff Writer 

In life one exists In a world of three dimensions. Buildings proj-
ect upwards, downwards, and forward in all directions. Friends 
move freely in, out, and about our·lives. It isa unique and difficult 
task to represent the e multiple dimensions in a tWO dimensional 
medium. Painting attempts it. And photography mask the illu-
sion of reality \vhile still exi ting in a tWO dimensional medium. 

An entire class in the Visual Arts Department has been devel -
oped to help students examine the mechanics behind and the ca-
pabiltties of stereoscopic art, also known as 3~. The outcome, a 
multitude of experimental work that will be on display Friday, 
June 8 from 3-6 p.m. in Mandeville Recital Hall. 

The show will consist of three mediums: photographic slides, 
videO), and computer. The exhibit will be arranged like a. walk-
thru ma~e to enable the spectators to immerse themselves and 
move freely about the work at their own pace. 

A sampling of the work has proven that what will be on display 
will be qf interest to anyone, if simply by the sheer intrigue of how 
it is done. For others the interest will lie in the v isual stimuli, the 
colors, the arrangement, and the tone. If exh austed by one 
medium the spectator can rush forward and begin to explore an-
other. 

Three slide projectors will be set up, all working simultaneously 
to move things along quickly. One of the flaws of stereoscopic art 
is the time consumed preparing the material for viewing. 

With each slide, the projector must line the two images exactly 
before [he blurriness disappears and the objects begin to protrude 
and digress before your eyes through [he 3D glasses. It is suggested 
that you bring a degree of patience with you. 

After viewing an entire show dedicated to the art of three di-
mensions, certain questions arise. Why has 3D art remained a 
virtually young and unexplored medium ? It has never really 
gained popular success with mass audiences - it seems to gain 
momentum and then quickly fiz~le out. 

,--------------------, 
I ~~~~~g;:.§ .• 
: DOD~L1[pQ[J~~ : 
: q~fil~c : 
• This week's Trivia Quiz is going to be focused on a band you • 
• all know and love. Their name is comprised of 4 words , one I 
• of them being Red , another Hot , and you can guess the last • 
• two. The w inner w ill receive limited edition CD singles from • 

this mystery band . I 
• 1. What insect is the bass player named after? ___ _ 
• 2. On their most recent album, what classic rock song do they I 
• cover, and who is it by? • 
I 3 . Name two of the bands referred to in the song "Good Time • 
I Boyb." • 
I NAME: PHONE #: : 
II I Congratulations to last week's w inner - Nancy Trotta 
I Clip out the quiz , and drop it into the envelope on the Hiatus • 
• office door in the GuardianoHices 2nd floor, Student Center. Entry • 
I deadline is 5 p.m. on Wednesday. on.e entry per person: • 
I Assorted Vinyl has graclOusly contrIbuted • 
I the prizes for this weekly quiz. • ~ ____________________ J 

La Jolla 
(Q)m<e IBI<ID{l(ltr 

Open 6 days a w eek - Gone fishing on Sundays! 

$2.00 OJ! 
Developtng 
A d nlll ~l (KCmllJXJ " J' ordu Ibkfm clef",/', 

7523 Fay Ave. (Vons Cente r) 
• 459-0696 

\ 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, June 4,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

ts & EntertainDlent 
VA Students Present Term Projects 
Original Student Films to be 'Sc~eened in 
Undergraduate Film Festival Thursday 
By JULIE SHERMAN 
Sraff W rirer 

Okay, film buffs, this is it. Fi-
nally - a break from the main-
cream films that bom bard our box 

offices. It is time for all of us to 
bravely venture into an exciting 
world foreign to many of us ... 
Visual Arts. Don 't be intimidated. 
It's not going to be giant card-
board toys in the Price Center 
fountain. 

This time, we're all in for an 
even ing of origin al films directed 
and filmed by UCSD students, 
both as a part of Visual Arts proj-
ects, and through independent 
study. And only Thursday night, 
at the Undergraduate Film Festi-
val, will all the films (including 
some animated ones) be shown 
back to back. Thought-provok-
ing, stimulating, sexual, strange, 
insane - these are only some of 
the words the filmmakers used to 
describe their works. 

One filmmaker, Rob Oxen-
ham, whose work-in-progress 
called "Trapezoid" will be shown, 
describes his film as the conflict of 
"time versus technology versus 
nature." He won't tell any more 
than that. As are many of the 
filmmakers, Oxenham is a gradu-
ating senior. One would assume 
he would be dashing off to Holly-
wood any time now, but that is 
not the case. Oxenham's immedi-
ate plans are just like everybody 
else's- "to rest after it's all over." 

Peter Rollinsand Audra Koklys 
colla borate on "Sanctuary," a film 
that Ro llins states centers around 
"guilt and paranoia." The soon-
to-be-graduate found it difficult 
to describe the plot of his film, ex-
cept to say that it's about an artist 
who stays in his studio all the 
time, broken off from society. 
Roll ins didn't want to say any 
more (do we see a pattern forming 
here?) or else he felt it would give 
away the end. 

Rollins sa id that his o ther 
project, a solo called "Desire," is 
"aslide show using a dissolve unit. 
It's got voyeurism, sexual desire, 
sensuality ... the idea of the bar-
rier between the photographer and 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kinko's' 
the cop. center 

his subject and how that can be 
crossed." 

Rollins' colleague Michelle 
Lippitt is tired. She has spent every 
single waking minute ed it ing her 
film "Imposter Syndrome," which 
she ca lls "an unmarketable film 

'You have to be 
masochistic, 
stupid, insane, 
or enjoy torture 
to make films 
here. ' 

-VA Student 
Michelle Lippitt 

about insanity." She hopes that 
people come to Festival realizing 
how much work goes into the 
films that students make. She 
mentioned that many people sleep 
over at the studio on Thursday 
nights just so they can check out 
the filmmaking equipment the 
next day. 

"You have to be masochistic, 

stupid, insane, or enjoy torture to 
make films here," Lippitt said. "It's 
a love/hate relationship. I hope 
people don 't see a four-m inute fil m 
and just think, 'It took 'em a quar-
ter for THAT?' They don't realize 
that it takes weeks and weeks to 
edit it, put in sound, and all the 
technical aspects. It's impossible 
to really complete a film in just 10 
weeks. And they cost so much to 
make. It takes SO long!" 

To give an idea of the time 
students spend on their films, 
consider the fact that this was said 
at noon on a Saturday. She only 
got back from the studio seven 
hours before. Talk about dedica-
tion ... 

This isonly a sampling of some 
of the filmmakers whose work is to 
be featured at the Undergraduate 
Film Festival. The rest of the 
filmmakers have had their work 
compiled into over 200 minutes of 
cinematic adventure. 

The Undergraduate Film Fes-
tival will take place June 7, in Pe-
terson Hall Room 108. A recep-
tion with free drinks and food 
(including popcorn) is set for 6 
p.m., with the films beginning at 7 
p.m .. Admission is free. 

ATTENTION GRADUATES! 
The Residence Inn by Marriott La Jolla 

the closest hotel to the UCSD campus 

$89QQ t12SQQ 
one-bedroom suite two-l'edroom suite 

Your big day Is Just around the comerl Make reservations early for your 
IncomIng family and friends at the ResIdence Inn by Mamol t La Jolla. 

TIley will enjoy spacious one· and two· bedroom sulles wtth. fuUy 
equIpped kttchens and living rooms. Also. they can treat Ulcmselves 10 our 
compllmentwy breakfast each morning. 

Marriott La Jon. • on Gilman Drtve 

457-3775 
The ... Id.nc. IDD br • """"" Jo" wo",.r UCSO 

PIeast! HIt."flUOn this oduer1iscmenl 
LO rcMue SI>eoaI rOle. 

8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 8901 GUman Drive, La Jolla, CA 92037 (619) 587-1770 

Psychic TV's followers, calling themselves Thee Temple Ov Psychick Youth, passed out a flyer 
at the show complete with psychedelic graphics and the trademark Psychic Cross, bottom right. 

A Review of Saturday Night's performance ... 

Psychic TV: Object of the Subjective 
8y JASON DULDE 
Staff Writer 

The Psychic Cross (pictured) 
was coined by Genesis P. Orridge, 
front man for Psychic TV. If it has 
any historical or mythical signifi-
cance, its meaning has been rede-
fi ned - or, more appropriately, 
undefined. 

Allegory, the symbolic expres-
sion of meaning deeper than that 
which is apparen t, is the back-
bone of the band's work. The 
Psychic Cross, as well as Psychic 
TV's performance on Saturday 
night at Iguana's, are allegorical 
of entirely subjective meanings. 

Objectively, the music is clas-
sified as acid house. This is a label 
not used by the band in referring 
to themselves - though they 
appreciate having their records 
displayed as such, thus pulling 
them from the enigmatic and 
inappropriate "death rock/under-
ground" bin. Psychic TV keyboar-
dist Dan Black simply prefers to 
describe their music as "harrd"; 
"with two 'r's," for the purpose of 
be tter description. 

This inrense form of music was 
not the only mode of expression 
employed, h,)wever. On srageand 
elsewhere were the essent ial per-
for m ance of a female mime/ 
dancer, and the fluid movements 

of a quasi-erotic dancer in belly-
dancing garb. The sensory satura-
tion was further compounded by a 
vast background screen alive with 
an amalgam of visual images, in-
cluding a kinetic tie-dye pattern 
and clips ·of Stonehenge. 

But perhaps the most captivat-
ing element of the three-hour per-
formance was thatofOrridgehim-
self. Reference to his stage pres-
ence as amazingly vibrant, or to 

. use any other objective adjective 
wou Id fail to addrc.ss the substance 
involved. 

At times, O'Tidge was as thor-
oughly immersed in his audience 
as the audience was in him. Pre-
tension is a word of no place in 
this performance, and choteogra-
.phy a wholly unnecessary frivol-
ity. 

Orridge performed, accepted, 
encouraged , and was empowered 
by any and all responses of the 
audience's subjective selves. To 
him, everything was just added 
fuel to the enveloping fire. 

The overpowering beat was 
compelling erotic to some, wildly 
infur iating to others, but, follow-
ing in theme, the intermittent 
rabid yells of "Fuck you, P. Or-
ridge!" were accepted with open 
arms and fiery eyes. N ot only were 
stage-dives by 111embers of the 
audience welcomed; their danc-
ing and vocals were also seen as 

only augmenting the performance 
by the band. 

Typical crowd-control man-
handling was shunned, as was 
shown when a TJ bouncer tackled 
an onstage fan - only to be rep-
rimanded by a member of the 
band's crew, who permitted him 
to resume dancing. 

Orridge was not, however, out 
of touch with reality, nor was he 
intimidating. As keyboardist 
Black put it, "Genesis is very in 
tune with the outside world."This 
was clear as between songs, he in-
vited a member of their support-
ing band on stage to sing (with 
the help of the enamored fans) a 
si lly rendition of the Velvet 
Underground's "Femme Fatale." 

Any possible residual intimi-
dation was eliminated as O rridge 
swam out onto supporting arms 
while singing, and finished the 
song from amongst the crowd. Or-
ridge instilled a sense of friend-
ship and similarity that was well-
received by his audience. 

As described by Black, a Psy-
chic TV performance integrates 
the body and soul. Itmovesone to 
"colour out." It inspires the ob-
server/active participant to feel 
the performance in his own en-
tirely subjective way. Psyched lie 
drugs were not necessary; the per-
formance of Psychic TV was in-
tensely compelling, .on its own. 

r~-------------------, 
• I ! 2 TANS 1 ! 
• I 
• I 
• • • TRIM & TAN· UCSD 3251 Holiday CI. ·455-0909 . . • 

Pacific Beach ' Mission Valley' State College· Spo~s Arena' EnCInitas I L ___________________ _ 

: Lose 6" Guaranteed! : 
• European Body Wrap - Only $48 I 
• 

Not a temporary water loss. Reduce celiuNte and stretch marks. I 
Call Iordetais , 2nd 30 Ian days $39.99' F.st·ume cliems E 611."" 

xpues """' ..I 
L ___________________ _ 

UDIA 
.. a • • D . ..... 'O". 

Offers 
Students 

150/0 off 
Cuts 

by Jennifer 

7535 Girard 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

619/454-9651 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 15 

... 

Just when you think 
you 've seen it all. " Last 
Friday night at the Ken a 
packed theater audience 
donned 3 - D glasses to 
watch some of the most 
renowned erotic film 
headliners in the double 
feature of M-30 and 
Playmates in 30. Some 
of the more climactic 
scenes included the late, 
great John Holmes well , 
er. " · coming at you" in 3 -
D. In case you missed this 
high culture treat , don 't 
worry, it will come again 
next year. 

*********.*****.*.**. 

The Music to Raise the 
Dead show at the Triton 
Pub Saturday night proved 
to be a huge success. 
Doodle Loom Tools, 
Helicopter, and Night Soil 
Man all gave great 
performances, including a 
debut by EI Ghazzall on 
saxophone with the Doodle 
Loom Tools. One highlight 
of the evening was Stymie 
on acoustic guitar - a 
brave maneuverto perform 
for a not- so- acoustic 
crowd. Another highlight 
was when Helicopter 
served homemade 

mushroom barley soup to 
the crowd . Hats off to 
Schnurer for a successful 
show. 

*** ••• *** •• **** ••• *** 

Just can't get enough 
of those wacky white 
dredlocked guatamalan 
clothing-clad Cardiff 
Reefers . They played 
once again at Pepper 
Canyon on Saturday 
evening, and Friday at 
Muir. Notonly did they play 
their staple reggae , but 
included musically diverse 
covers ranging from the 
Steve Miller Band to 
forever covered songs 
"Louie Louie" and "Shout." 
Both performances were 
well received by the 
audiences. 

***.** ••••••• ***** ••• 

The La Jolla Arts and 
Food Faire took place this 
weekend to crowds of La 
Jolla's sun-drenched and 
elite elder community. 
Walking through , it 
became apparent where 
yester-year's Visual Arts 
majors have turned up, 
producing decorative 
objects that would look 
nice on the white walls of a 
Girard mansion . 

@ Hey, all you - • Arts Entertainment Types ( Hiat . typ )!!!!!! r1lTh 
We're having ur last eetin~ 
of the year 0 y at 'lwff$~ 
p.m., at the anlian Offices, 
so ~u're in erested 
wrl~for ext 
up. Be ther be sq 

SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE 
BACK PACKS 

WA 65 REG. $119.99 NOW 79.99 
WA 63 REG. 129.99 NOW 89.99 
WA 68 REG. 139.99 NOW 99.99 

INTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 
OUPONT COROURA' LIFETIME WARRANTY 

'FAMOUS TRAILS" - ' MEI" - -EAGLE CREEK" 
"EASTPAK" All AT LOW DISCOUNT PRICES 

r ~;r-2OC,O ha~~- ... ·s· i ~;p;:·,~O· . ' .. 
I gage. ~ks tirtS . money belts, pass , 
: pon holde's. ned< 110110';05. VOltage " 

~_C~!!.rt~! :- ~~ ~ ... h .. ~_ ~!t_ J 0j),. 

1539 Garnet, Pacific Beach 483-1421 
Mon-Frl1 8.m m. Sat & Sun 10 a.m.-S 



16 SPORTS 
T he UCSD Guardian 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS By PHIL GRUEN (Phil is currently 25.18.3) 
NBA Finals Favorite Spread Underdog 

Detroit 1 game* Portland 
PHIL'S ANAL YSIS ... This is really, really irritating. All season long I've been rooting 

for Portland to 10 e, and with good rea on: I hate Portland. Now the Trail Blazers have 
reached the Final to face another team I don't care much for either: the Detroit Pistons. 
Of course, I'd r~thersee both teams lose, but ifoneofthem has to win, I suppose itmighl 
as well be the Pistons, Bill Laimbeer and all. Besides, now that the Trail Blazers do not 
have the home-court advantage, they obviously have no chance, even if they closed their 
eyes and pulled out a win in Phoenix last week. Then they woke up. PHIL says, please ... 

TAKE THE PISTONS 

SCRIPPS MESA STORAGE 

ONE MONTH FREE 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 
Self Service storage at Lowest Rates 

5 X 7 -$23 

M.SOCCER 
Continued from page 26 
perienced Tri ton as they pro-
ceeded into the Division UI part of 
the schedule. 

The Tritons took seven o ut of 
their last nine regul ar season games, 
includi ng a big 3- 1 win over NAIA 
opponent Biola, and propelled 
themselves into the regional play-
offs which seemed so far afield 
just three weeks earlier. 

UCSD started off the regional 
with a bang as it eliminated rival 
Claremont 2-1 in overtime. 

The Tritons then traveled to 
Minnesota where they overcame 

Monday, June 4, 1990 

the cold, the travel, and theoppo i-
tion in a 2-1 double-overtime 
queaker against host SI. John 's 

College. The victory launched 
UCSD into the final four for the 
second year in a row as it was 
slated to face host Elizabethtown 
College in Elizabethtown, PA. 

UCSD's hopes for consecutive 
national c hamp ions hi ps were 
quickly dashed, however, as Eliza-
bethtown edged the Tri tons 1-0 on 
an indirect kick. The Tri tons heavy 
trave l sc hed ul e and adverse 
weather conditions (this time a 
soggy. slippery field) finally caught 
up with them as they were unable 
to pull out the semifinal victory. 

UND •• GUDUAnS' 
Don" Forg" 

to K •• pYour .... 
Cov ...... with 

SUMIn.r .Iek •••• 
a Acelcl •• , I •• urane. 
It's effective while traveling 

or staying home .. . 

Pay for 2 months I 
get third month 

9780 CANDIDA ST.--
MIRA ME~ .LVD.~ 
SCRIPPS 

Registered Spring Quarter Students, Summer Students, 
and Post Docs are eligible to purchase insurance. 

STUDENT $142.50. SPOUSE $179.50. CHILDREN $121.50 

ENROLLING NOW until July 17th 
MISA 

noue, '5 FREE 
9780 Candida St. 566-3881 MIRAMAR RD. 

MIRAMAR NAVAL 
AtR STATION 

information and applications are available at 
Student Health Center • Q-039 • 534-2123 

CWD Political Film Series 
presents 

Women on the Verge 
ofa 
Nervous Breakdown 
Pedro Almodovar's plot centers on Pepa, a 
dubbing studio actress who receives an 
answering machine kiss·off from her unworthy 
lover Ivan . "Borderline science fiction, ultra-
synthet ic '50's kitsch, old fashioned sex farce and 
up-to-date sexual politics."- New Yorker 

Death of a Bureaucrat 
An entertaining, blackly hilarious attack on galloping bureaucracy. audaciously mixing slapstick 
farce and paranoid nightmare. The story tells of o ne man's conflicts with official regu la tions and 
state bureaucracy as he attempts to rebury his dead uncle. 

Friday, June 8 
7 p.m. 

TLH 107 
F·REE 

ponsored by the ommittee for World Democracy and Third World tudie 
FUIIl/1'II by AS JWniJlIlt'{/ UCSD (I( lil'lly !l'l'.\ 

Monday, June 4, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

UCsD premiere of Windows 3® 
at the PS/2 Minifest 
Wednesday, June 6 
1 0 a.l11. - 4 · p.m. 
Price Center Plaza 

"He's selling everything 
but his PS/2. It's going 
to be part of his future ." 

How're you going to do it? 
TIlt' IBM Personal System/2 C!<J not only helps you now, hut ('a n gd you otr to a last 
start in graduate school or on the joh.The I-'S/2<") t'onH'S wilh t'asy- lo- lISt\ pr('loadt·d 
'oftware, an IBM Mouse and eolor di 'play. With a special stud(,lI t pri(,t· anti the IBM 
PS/2 Loan lor Learning, it' · eryaJlordahlc.* 

You can also gct "pc('ia l price ' on three models of the 
[13M Proprinter. I " 

But don' t wa it too long. Get a jump on the future fl O'" 
with an I 13M PS/2. 

PS/2 it! 
Computer Center 
534-4291 ----(I) 

----
------
---
- - ---
- -----
----------_. -

'ThIS offer is available only to quali fied students. facul ty and staff who purchase IBM PS/2 's through participating campus outlels. Orders are sublect to availability. Prices are sublect 10 Change and IBM 
may withdraw the o ffer al any time Without wri tten notice 

("IBM. Personal Sys,em/2. and PS/2 are registered trademarks of International BUSiness Machines Corporation. 
* Proprinter is a trademark of International Business Ma<;hines Corporation. 
@ IBM Corporation 1990. 

o 

17 



I 
18 The UCSD Guardian Monday, June 4, 1990 

A • 5 • UCSD BULLETIN 
MODEL CALL 
When: Friday, June 8 

I p.m. - 4 p.m. 

Where: Grassy area , Price Center 

To register: Pick up regislration 
fonns at the Bookstore 

Presented by the University Bookstore 

ucsn 1"O[r.., C[u,& 
presen.ts: 

~ngl isb <tCoun t~l! 
~anting 

June 8 I 7 :30 pm 
Rec Conference Room 

Recreat ion Gym 

All dances taught! Refreshments! 
For more info: 452-2735 

"Beauty is l\on-Competitive" 

J11ITH CALIFORiVIA 
join Our Pe3ceful Protest of the ~(iss Cllifor:1I3 Be3ucy ?lgelnt 

\Cvtn C.Lh/om .. C1pcu.tS. quc.JIIIOtu and oif~fS JlI.crnauvu to :.11. cxce?,~., I., "'&rro" 
t.Ur.noG&tG tJtt' ':>nuno Jf\(3. ~cn1 ~ ." ~U[V a.,n nu. :"I~ cvenc ' r;«"..1 .l'Ie: "']In" .r..~ :;rI 
"OrMTi :I~ on ..nCW' '''101UC "" ~frtOE' C'l a.I ;W~~ c:e lc~u", ftJoI:ad tne VIoIu.r. .,( ~Cll' 
.1J'!'cfcnc:a.. 

June 10th, 1990 6:30 PtvI 
SA..'i DIEGO CIVIC CENTER, 202 C STREET 

FOR ."IORE fi'iFOR.."L-\.T10); 
. (619) 294-3153 or (619) 234-1549 

Sponsored by Institute for Feminist Thought 
;l com,muNtv..oued OfptUUoon dt:~ :0 ~!e:!;)raut\J worr.e:t'l ~vetslCY 

..... ,..._oJ...., F1U,....J. ~ 

Extended 
Library 
Hours 

Fri. June 8 through Fri. June 15 

12 am to 3 am 
Located ;n the Undergraduate Library 
South Study Room in Galbraith Hall. 

Sponsored by the Ur,1ergraduate library, 
eso Program ane ~SUeSD 

-Paid Advenisemenr-

AS PROGRAMMING 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

A.S. FILM SERIES PRESENTS 
• ," .. J l -,' I •• J.-fl .~,,~' ~\ I' J-..J I' .... r , .. -

,,'-... ,f''' ., I II " L 

S'''~ " .. - . ."..".1 C t~ \1" J.- l~l )lJ I I 
'-.., L f-. '-.., ,..' I 

THURSDAY, JUNE 7TH -
2 showings - 6:30 &9:00 

PC Theatre 
ONLY $1.00!!! 

· . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . : 
• T.G.I.O. • • • • • • • • • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• THANK GOD IT'S OVER • • • • • 
• DON'T MISS THE LAST TG OF THE YEAR!! • • • 
• • 
• FRIDAY, JUNE 8TH • • • 
• • 
• AT 4:30 PM GYM STEPS • • • 
• • 
• 
• ROCK OUT WJTH 
• 
• MOJO NIXON • • 
• 
• 

THEN DANCE YOUR BUTT OFF WJTH • 
• ~.W.QRLD..r.EJ.\C.E.J?QSSE 

AS Public Relations 
Committee Meeting this 
Tuesday, JUNE 5 at 2:30pm 
AT the AS OFFICES 
3rd level of the Price Center. 
For more info contact George Maurer at 534-4450 

COME AND GET INVOLVED! 

Bi 
~ 

skew 
~I 
Ie 

Monday, June 4 , 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

w. V-BALL: 'Fourpeat' Not to be in '90 
Continued from page 28 

In a season marred wi lh injuries 
and subsequenl rep sitioning, the 
three-time defending national ti tle-
holders never really had a chance 
at capluring a fourth consecuti ve, 
and sixth overall, champion hi p. 

With an injury to the most val u-
able player from last year's na-
tionalloumament, Rachel Vetter, 
Head Coach Doug Dannevik could 
have done less shuffl ing with a 
shoe of cards. 

Wilh the main weapon in the ir 
aresenal shol down by a career-
threalening roralor cuff lear, the 
Tritons spent half the season grow-
ing accustomed to new locations. 

Some moved from right to left , 
and others vice-versa, bulthe main 
move was the majority of the of-
fensive load onto senior Diana 

Klint worth 's shoulders. 
Team captai n Kli ntworth re-

sponded asany greal player does, 
eventually leading the team in a 
majority of both offensive and 
defensive categories. 

In concluding a four-year 
career as a slarter. Klintworth 
achieved ju t about everything 
possible -except infamy as the 
only fe male player to ever slart 
on four consecutive national 
champion teams. 

The two-time All -American 
and UCSD Athlete of the Year 
was this season's Most Valuable 
Player and Coaches ' Award 
winner and finishes as the Tri-
tons' all-time leader in kills wilh 
11 72, and allacks with 3026. 

Redshirt sophomore Elizabeth 
Tan also earned a spot on the AII-

American second team, and was 
joined on the AIl-West Region team 
by senior setter Linda Ross. 

Kli ntworth and Tan' accolades 
up Ihe total numberofTriton volley-
ball All-Americans to 26, as the 
program remains Ihe most success-
fu l on campus. 

The olhertwo team award , Most 
Improved and Players' Award, went 
10 Vikki Van Duyne and Jennifer 
Wellman, respectively. 

The Trilons, who fi nished at 20-
13 after a five-sel loss to Menlo 
College in the regionals, kept ali ve 
their streak of earning a postseason 
bid for nine consecutive seasons. 

Although it will suffer the gradu-
ation losses of Klintwonh, Ross, 
Wellman, and Beth Selby, 10 retum-
ing players, plus Veller, will attempt 
to start another title streak next year. 

SWIMMING 
Continued from page 26 
free relay. READ THIS! 

The relay teams were nothing short of bril-
liant. 

The 200 and 400 medley relay teams both 
set Division III national records, and the 400 
free relay team of Steve Denys, Jason Vance, 
Rich Daniels, and Derron Frederick set a school 
record with a time that would have placed 
second in the Division 1I nationals. 

Kenyon 's time, however, would have won 
them. 

And so it goes. Despile some of the be t 
perfonnances in school history, and one of the 
most successful seasons in the program"s ten-
ure, Ihe T ritons can only say wait ' til next 
year. .. Kenyon. 

This space could be filled with som ething 
you wrote, drew, or took a picture of. Or, you 
could have proofed i t, typed i t , or placed it on 
the page. Or you could have sold this space to 
an advertiser. 

But you didn't. 
So we're giving you another chance. The 

UCSD Guardian i s coming out t hree times a 
week next year, and we still need people t o 
scratch, shoot, doodle, solicit, doublecheck, 
peck, motor, and produce. Check out our big 
ad on page twenty-seven. 

And don't delay. 

SPORTS 19 

r--
----------------, 

READy, GET FIT, GO! I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
It 

I 

SPRING INTO SUMMER 
f~ SPECIAL! 

With this coupon ... 
one FREE Month 
with purchase of 
regular 
membership . 
4 MONTHS FOR 

THE PRICE OF 3 
I . Total oost One pel petson. Must enroll on fitS! VISit and an II1C8Otiv9 may 
I be oftered for enroling 00 itogufar morrberships. F'1ISt time merroers onfy. "R1....,.,,""""" No olher discounTS can be I.6ed in conjlllCtioo with lI1is oller and 
I merrilership ..... 1 be used ar cenlBr of enrollment. Must be ar least 18 'JIM ......... , years old Personal ~aiing MId babysitting available aI nominal COSI. 
IL Lomas Santa Fe Plaza ' 975·e Lomas Santa Fe· Solana Beach 259-8515 • 
--------------------.. 

.... 

NOW WE DELIVER! 
UCSD PARTIES 
LUNCHEONS 
MEETINGS 

CALL US! 
551·0100 / FAX 551·0180 
UCSD'S Original SOUp Exchange 

Downtown La Jolla, 7777 Fay Ave. w ants you back! 

H ... • ..... 1 .... 1. Y.U w •• •• fl .... I .. wh .... . .. 

Come to downtown La Jolla , show 150/. OFF 
your student I. D. and we 'll give you 70 

Nol valid on deU veries. Expires 6/30/90. 

THINKING ABOUT 
SUMMER SCHOOL? 

What.ould 
Proposition III 

do? THINK ABOUT CHAPMAN! 
Prop. 111 would modify the Ciann S~nding Umlt. 
increasing 1M amoant of money available for 
higher ecruCCItion 
Prop. 111 would Implement a 9 
gasoline tax over 1M coane of 
fmprcmr oar state's hltlh,illlClv 

to 

Why is Proposition III 
iDlportanl to yaU? 

FEE .. ~S 

• Transferable Upper and Lower Division Courses 
• Open Enroll ment 
• Small Classes 
• General Education Courses 
• Major Courses In 

BUSINESS EDUCA nON ENGLISH 
COMMUNICA nONS PSYCHOLOOY 

CHAPMAN 
- ---- -- -- - -

YES! Please send thc Chapman College Summer School Schedule to me 
immediately! 

arne _________________________ __ 

Address ______________________ _ 
City, State, Zip _________________ _ 

MAIL TO: Anthony Garcia, Director of Summer Sessions 
Chapman College • Orange, CA 92666 

\ 

• 



I 

20 SPORTS 

W.HOOP 
Continued from page 21 
by 126, dished off 127 this year for 
an all-time high of 375. 

That wa even better than the 
previous season for the three-year 
starter. who holds down the 4-5-6 
spots on the s ingle season list. 

Additionally. Caparaz finishes 
as the school 's all -time steals 
leader, as she swiped 85 this year. 

Can Young climbed into the 

Triton record book in ju t her 
econd season, and will most likely 

clear every rung to the top of both 
the scoring and rebounding lad-
ders. 

The highe t placing she now 
holds is seventh on the single sea-
son coring board, sinking 364 for 
a 14.6 points per game average and 
533 career points - good enough 
for 15th. 

Young al 0 doubled her output 
from her first campaign in re-

Computers 
LA JOLLA 

UCSD SPECIAL DISCOUNT 
INCLUDES: 
• 2 DRivES 
. 640 MEMORY 

PRINTER 
• I YR WARRTY 
• SOFTWARE 

A nything 
you need 

----$765 ----- - ------- - ---C~~T~~tE 
Complete System 

CALL 454-5544 
Quantities Limited 

1110 Torrey Pines Road SUite A 
La Jolia CA 92037 .&m 

FlnanclnO & leaslno AVailable 

The UCSD Guardian 

bounds, hauling down 2 18, the 
ninth-highest total ever. behind fi ve 
other players. That average of 8.7 
per game helps bring herto 10th in 
career board wi th 345. 

For all their heroics, Caparaz 
and Young were voted co-Mo t 
Valuable Players. 

Lisa Beaver, a 6'2"po t player, 
proved to be the top newcomer, as 
she was voted Rookie of the Year 
for ringing up the team' s third 
highest scori ng average. 

Another towering rook ie post 
player, Erica Scholl , received Most 
]mproved, while juniorstarter Ber-
nardette Diepenbrock wa selected 
as Most Inspi rational. 

For her efforts before sufferi ng 
a wnst injury, sophomore three-
point gunner Kathleen Alvarez, 
who posted the Tritons ' second-
highest scoring average, received 
Best Offen ive. 

On the other end, Scott returned 
from Mexico with her defen ive 

UCSD Summer Session 
has added the following courses: 
• First Session (July 2-lwguSI 3) 
Economics 100A: Microeconomics 
Economics 120A: Econometrics 
Psychology 102: Intro, to Sensation and 
Perception 
Psychology 183: Infancy 

• Second Session (August 6-Septembel ,-I 
AMES 10 FORTR AN for Engineers 
Chemistry 140B 
For further mfOllll.lllOn ohone the SUlllillel 
Session Office ,11 53~-~3G~ Ot 53~ ·.j365 

LJ r= ~ r::::J 
UNIVERSIT¥ Of CALifORNIA SAN DIEGO 

IT YOU go to London 
without our help, your 

accommodations may not 
live Up to your expectations. 

If l ()U 'rt' plannmg to go to London . you need a 5afe, comfort-
able. convement. affordablt' plale to ' tay. It'" that Imple 

And that', " hert' "t' corne m 
Whether you 're >laymg for a few " ech. a semester or a year, 

Wl ca n accommodate you. 
(Jur ap;lrtment;, a re all located In a communi ty of Inter-

natlomll collegt'-age traveler;" near the heart of London. 
And our rates are surpnslnf;(ly low 

If youil like. we'll even put )'ou up (or a wed or 
two \\hli ' }"U deCide what you're gorng to do 

~or the reM of th" 'toT)'. r ail u, nght away at 
(617 ) l51· 1005 And ",,'11 lIlilke vou fed 
comfurt"bl . 

r.dUl JlltllI hlll'IIl.1 iHIIlJ l ~"J\IH'''' l '" \ cl-.I>." 1" \ 1 
PO Ho\ Jrl{jq, Broul.;1I1h.:. MA olllh 

Monday, J unc 4, 1990 
ski lls s till intact, as she was se-
lected as Be t Defen ive. 

Senior luis Ely, a first-year 
starter at forward, was chosen for 
the Coaches' A ward. 

Malone praised her seniors , 
predicting that the Tritons will miss 
all of them, espec ially Caparaz, 
and claimed that " hris and Nadi-
rah are the ultimate role players. 

"] think in their four year they 
sacrificed more for whatever the 
team needed than anyone else." 

With a possibl e 12 players re-
turning, including three high-scor-
ing starters, Malone is optimistic, 
as " we' ll have a lot more experi-
ence going in next year than we 
had going into this year." 

Guardian File Pholo 
Cari Young 

Monday, JWlC 4,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

WOMEN'S BASKETBALL 

Rebuilding Still Under Way 
By DANA CHAIKEN 
Sports Editor 

After a record 19-6 season in 
1988-89 and the loss of three main-
stay starters, the UCSD women's 
basketball team touted itself as 
"Ready to Play" in 1989-90. 

For more than half of the Tri-
tons, the team tag-line should have 
been "Ready to Play College 
Level." 

In what was also billed as a 
"rebuilding" season, eight of the 
14construction workers were first-
year players. 

Among the six veterans, the li st 
included just three seniors, with 
one returning after a year abroad. 

The five starters were a healthy, 
and at times not-so-healthy, com-
bination of two seniors, a junior, 
and two sophomores who turned 
out to be the team scoring leaders. 

With all these things seemingly 

going against them, the Tritons 
still managed the team 's third 
winning season in the last four 
years, bobbing above the .500 mark 
at 13-12. 

The team theme didn't really 
begin to apply until the group's 
fourth game, as they thrashed 
Southern Cal College on the road 
for their first win after an 0-3 start, 

From that not-sa-ready begin-
ning, UCSD did not lose more than 
two in a row at any point. But they 
did string together more than two 
wins, twice - once for six, and the 
other for just three. 

Beginning with a four-point win 
over highly-touted Franklin & 
Marshall (PA) for third place in 
their own tournament, the Tritons 
reeled off six straight victories. 

En route to a 7-1 homestand 
during the six-game streak, UC SO 
handed Lake Forest College (IL) 
one of just two season losses. 

The UCSD Summer Session 
first five-week session begins 
July 2 and the second five-week 
session begins August 6. 
An exciting range of courses from 
virtually every campus department i~ 
offered , Catalogs are available now For 
your free copy, drop by the Summei' 
Session Office , UCSD Extension 
Complex , Building A, Monday throuph 
Friday, 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. or phone 
534-4364 , 

l J( ~EJ 
LNIVfR\ II Of CA,lfORNIA IAN OIfGO 

UCSD slid on its home floor after 
that run, falling to 7-6 overall. 

The streak snapped at the hands 
of CSU San Bernardino, which 
was ousted in the first round of the 
NCAA Regionals after a remark-
able 22-game win streak. 

The Coyotes were one team that 
UCSO Head Coach Judy Malone 
felt that the Tritons did not play up 
to thei r potential against. 

In looking back on the season, 
" We played better at times than 
expected, but not as well against 
some that we should have, like San 
Bernardino," Malone said. 

While the team as a whole dido ' t 
drag out their eraser to rewrite the 
record books as they did last year, 
two Tritons vaulted onto the career 
and single season record lists . 

Senior Nancy Caparaz con-
cluded her career in style, eclips-
ing the UCSD career assist mark 

See W. HOOP, page 20 

LIDIA 
Students 
15% off 

Cuts 
by Jennifer 

7535 Girard 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

619/ 454·9651 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

I \ (I I" ( (({ ... ( 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North#31S 

Pia's 
Resale 
Shop 

Accessories 
1570 Gamet Ave. Collectable 
483-6175 Items 

SPORTS 21 

Guardian File Photo 
Senior Nancy Caparaz scorched the former UCSD career assist 
mark by 126 in just three seasons as the starting point guard. 

Make the right choice for 
your graduation parties ... 
,,' or come by for breakfast. luncb, or dinner! 

• Overlooking Torrey Pines Golf Course 
and the Pacific Ocean 

• Beautiful outdoor dining 
• A wide variety of nutritious yet tasty cuisine 
• All-you-can-eat salad bar 

• Deli sandwiches, fresh fish 
HOURS OF OPERATION 
lion., TIIurs. 7 II1I-I pm 

Fridey cIoMd al3 
Friday. tIIru Sundays our restannt 

i. open 10 caw yow peniII. 

and chicken entrees, and more ,., 

Cboices in the 
Shiley Sports and Health Center of 

r-----------------Enjoy your 20% student discount 
with a UCSD 1.0, 

_._---------------

Scripps Clinic ,10820 North Torrey Pines Road Call 554·FOOD 

GET OUTTA TOWNI 
MV~ BOXES! 

~ 'I'm Outta Here ' 

"I'M OUTTA 
HERE" 5 SrnoI Boxes 

7 ·~ 8c:IMei 
1 - lorQlt ac. 
3 · Flat 

-
l · l00eRot 

!L ... ,.,.,.~ 
UU1\TM 
we. &, 

UTC Mol 
4305 lo JaIO Volage OriIIe 
(nexl lo CallOs MUlphy's) 

Student Special 
roy $39.95 
Shote Of SplIt With 0 Fnendl 

--Shipping Experts--
• Stereos • lVs 
• Speakers . Computers 

• Anything · Anywhere 

Pick Up SeNice Available 
C. 0. D. or Direct (Mom Ilc Dod Con Pay) 

(619) 453-9993 
One bilic colt witt do it !Jill 

• 

/ 



22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, June 4, 1990 

MEN'S AND WOMEN'S CROSS COUNTRY 

Twelve is the Magic Number for Tritons 
The Two Squads Give Identical Performance at the National 
Champion hips and Emerge With Their Best Showings Ever 
By PHIL GRUEN 
Senior SIa/fWriler 

In the 1988 season, three Triton 
individual cross country runners 
reached the Division In nationals. 
Two men, and one woman. Three 
runners. Three. 

ot that anything i wrong with 
sending thre~ runners to a national 
meet- in fact , some Division HI 
teams are I ucky if they send 
a/lybody to the meet. But this se-
lect number of individuals really 
paled in compari on with the 1989 
Triton cross country sea on. 

In 1989, we 're not talking about 
elect individual, we're talking 

about entire reams - and orne 
new UCSD records. 

In 1989, both the Triton men's 
and women's cro s country teams 
won the west region and placed 
12th at the national meet. 

MEN'S TEAM 
The transfer of Triton runner 

Steve Fenster to the University of 
Florida - one of the two Triton 
men to represent the team indi-
vidually at the 1988 national meet 
-left the men' s team with a hole 

Guardian File Photo 
All-American Mike Fox finished 12th at the nationals and placed 
first in the Regionals, as all the Triton men finished in the top ~O. 

at the top. Problem? 
Well , it might have been, but 

the Tritons countered with a trans-
fer of their own when Mike Fox 
flew over from the Air Force Acad-
emy. And after that, Fox flew across 
cour es and established himself as 
the best in the We t. 

On a hot afternoon in Santa 
Cruz in November, the men put 
first, third, fourth, sixth, and 14th 
places together to run away with 
the regional title, and earn their 
second trip to the national meet, 
where they finished 12th in 1982. 

Seven years later, it was the 
same result, but just making it to 
nationals was an improvement 
from the previous two years, where 
the both teams finished second. 

Before the season, Triton Head 
Coach Mark Stanforth predicted 
that the Tritons would be battling it 
out forthe regional title with Clare-
mont, Pomona-Pitzer, and Occi-
dental. 

Fonhe most part, Stanforth was 
right - all three of those teams 
finished among the top five at the 
regional meet in Santa Cruz, but 
this meet was hardly a battle. 

The Tritons, with Fox, Roger 
Webb, Merrell Hora, Eric Kinney, 
and Stefan Wynn in the top five 
spots. scored a 28, well ahead of 
second place Claremont with 50. 

At the national meet, the Triton 
runners did not find the weather 
conditions so favorable. In fact, 
they found the conditions below 
freezing at Rock I land, IL, and 
they also found a few midwestern 
colleges (Wiscons in-Oshkosh, 
Central (IL),and Calvin) with some 
impressive runners (those schools 
garnered the top three pots). 

At day's end, the Tritons found 
themselves in 12th place, tied for 
the UCSD's best finish ever. In ad-
dition, Fox, who finished 12th in-
dividually, Hora, Wynn, and Steve 
Saatjian all ran personal bests. 

WOMEN'S TEAM 
Before the season, Stanforth 

knew that his women's squad was 
strong. He knew it because junior 

Guardtan File Photo 
Michelle Conlay placed 15th at the NCAA Dvision III Nationals in 
Rock Island, Illinois to lead the Tritons to a 12th place showing. 
Denise McFayden was back, along 
with Michelle Conlay, who had 
been hampered by her shins in the 
previous season, and Sabrina 
Jensen, who had redshirted in 1988. 

But he didn 't know that 
McFayden, who was running su-
perbly at the start of the season, 
would suffer unidentified problems 
and would not be a factor in the 
postseason. 

Knowing this, Stanforth would 
probably not have predicted a 
convincing regional victory and a 
12th place finish at nationals -
both UCSD women ' s cross cvun-
try precedents - but that is pre-
cisely what happened. 

Conlay and Jensen swiped the 
top two spots at the regional meet 
in SantaCruz, with 18:32and 19:01 
times, respectively, leading the 
women to a first-ever regional title. 

But, like the men's tearn, it took 
a team effort to propel the women 
into the nationals for the first time. 

Sharon Rockett' s 10th place fin-
ish, Laura Peck's 13th, and Karen 
Longyear's 19th gave the Tritons a 
team score of 44, 34 ahead of sec-
ond-place Pomona-Pitzer. 

Concerning the women, Stan-
forth predicted at the start of the 
season that the toughest challenge 
for the UCSD women would come 
from Occidental and Claremont. 

Without a regional title, per-
haps Stanforth was being a bit 
cautious. He didn ' t need to be. 
Occidental (94) and Claremont 
(100) finished in third and fourth 
places, respectively, at the meet. 

At the national meet in ice-cold 
Illinois, the women - dest>ite a 
sickness to Rockett which forced 
her to drop out midway through 
the race - still managed to come 
away with the 12th place finish, a 
new UCSD standard. 

Conlay was the top Triton fin-
isher, as her 17:58 time was good 
for 15th place individually. 

PACIAC BEACH: 
1447 Garnet Ave. 
~ COLLEGE: 273-CUTS 

... '{.hi" 6686 EI Cajon Blvd 
NfNI \,.,v-' 463-5052 OCEAN BEACH: 

4882 Newport Ave. 
HILLCREST:. . 222-3777 
409 University Ave. 
291-CUTS 

Monday, June 4, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

lliuperSllutt'. 
Airport transportation from your home 
j,;;:;.====~ to/from Lindbergh Field Airport. 

• EASY 
I~~~'SAFE 

• AFFORDABLE 
• RELIABLE 

.. ~.-..•.•••..••... -.... -.......... . 
I 
: .u,..r."utt'. 
I SUMMER SPECIAL 
I 
I 

(OFFER EXPIRES JUNE 30,1990) 
: This coupon is valid for the appropriate discount on a full fare, one way $1 OFF I 
I transfer on the San Diego SuperShuttie System only. Present this coupon to Fares I 
II driver to receive discount. $15.00 or less II 

Limit one coupon per person. 
: Cannot be combined with any other discount or fare. $2 OFF: 
I Fares I 
I • Passenger Name $16.00-$25.00 I 
: • Driver # $3 OFF: 
I • Date Fares 
: $26.00 or higher: 

!~~~~~~~~~~.~~~~~_~~~~~~~~~~:o~~~lf.i 
}bur Decision. 

• Free Pregnancy 
Testing 

• Low Cost Early 
Pregnancy Test 

• Immediate 
Test Res ults 

• Pregnancy 
Termination 

• General or Local 
Anesthesia 

Your Choice. Help Wanted 
ENGINEERING 

INTERN 
We are a dynamic high technology 
electrical design and manufactur· 
ing company with an Engineering 
Intern opening. 

I -. 

Buy one Medium or Large frozen 
yogurt, and get one of equal or 

lesser value for FREE 
OR 

$.50 off a Hot Snicken Sundae 
OR 

$.50 off any Milkshake 
OIIer"aIW ........ ,. _ ..... ,. ONLT!"',. Sit 
' ... thru .. _ "' ,.... N.c ".0. with ~ 
.th... ....... PI_ .... Mat ..... ~ ... 
.......... - ................ .... 

457·3775 

23 

• Affordable 
Birth Control 

Under the direction of a DeSign 
Engineer, this position will perform 
software related tasks, including 
product support, debugging, 
testing System, 'C' p/Ogramming 
language, assembly plogramming 
a plus. Junior or Senior In BSCS 
preferable. Will get to learn X,Wln· 
dows graphics. ThiS is a part·time 
position. 

,------------------------------
• S tudent Discount 

77,e College Lille 
535-1379 

r;r;r;'1 ,/ . ~IIC110Ice 
FflIIII~1f Plflllllli,! 

AsSOrifl tf:; 
Medicnl GrollP 

Interested candidates should send 
their resume to: 

LORAL 
INSTRUMENTATION 

8401 Aero Dnve 
San Diego, CA 92123 

AnN: Professional Staffing 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

I \ 
I 
t 
t 
t 
t 
I 
I 
I 
t 
I 
I 
t 
\ 

limit 5 • B.S" x 11" white only. expires 6·30-90 

99¢ Color Copies 
Valid only at La Jolla store. 

--------------------- ~ -- ---- --; 
8849 Villa La Jolla Drive 
La Jolla Village Center 

Yes, indeed, The Guardian's response to the univer ityls tr mendou growth is to publish thrice weekly. 00 
M=Monday and Tuesday W=Wednesday Be Thursday F=Frlday Be the weekend VVV' 

FIRST ISSUE= Monday, Sept. 24 
SUMMER: Also, The Guardian will print 2 ummel' is u on th first day of each ummer e ion. These dates 
are July 2 and Augu t 6. So veryone an pIa th ir roommate wanted ad ! 
MONEY: Adverti ing A i tant. Earn lImm r money whit working th mo t career,r warding job at U D. 
Can Micha 1534,' 467 . F:... £ 18:..£ H o uR C; ! 



The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Classified advertising Is lold In 15-word 
Increment •• The rate per 15 words I. SI lor 
student. (personal use only). $3 lor I.culty. 
staH. and organization,. and $4 lor othar •• 
Payment In advance Is requlred i therefore, 
ads muat be mailed with a check (made 
Pllyable to TMVCSOGUMdI.njorpr ... nted 
In person. DMdllnes are 3 p.m. Thursday lor 
Mondloy·. paper and 3 p.m. Monday lor 
Thurld.y·1 peper. The Guardian r.servas 
the right to reluse any Idvertlslng Including 
but not IImhad to companionship ads. For 
more Inlonnatloncall 534-5416. The Guardian. 
UCSD. 8-016. La Jolla. CA 92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI Jewish 
Campus Centars provides warmth. education, 
prayer. soaallzlOg. Connect WIth Union of Jewish 
Studentsl502 Manhews;eastofthe Prica Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534·2521. (412·617) 

ScholarshlpsJGrants for college area available. 
Millions go unclaimed ye.~y. Call 1·8()()'334· 
3881. (4112·617) 

Wriling helpl Professional, pnvate . meet your 
deadline . your convenience, money back 
guarantee. Jim 481 ·1810. (4112·617) 

DtSSERTATION COMPLETION 
WORKSHOPS. Individual and group sassions. 
For Information call the Postgraduate Group 
692.Q966. (5121 -617) 

Here's the hook: Humanities Worl<shops will 
help you . Brainstorming , organization , 
collaboration, intarprating TA comments. Free 
coffee too. Come to USB 402OA. Wednesdays. 
6-8 p.m. or call 534-2284 for more information. 
(5121 -614) 

Applications for Third Junior Senator are In the 
Dean's Otfce. Apply by June 7th. (5124'617) 

RAFT THE RIVERS OF THE WESTII Catarad 
Canyon of the Colorado. the Yampa, Grean. Gc 
With Hatch who was the first to run the Middle 
Fork 01 the Salmon In 19361 Good rates. 8001 
342-8243. (5129-6/7) 

TOEFL troubie? Gat that 550+. Jom a small 
group 01 students like you & two great teachers. 
Intensive program. Satisfaction guaranteed. Call 
IABC: 558,1644. Also expert private toloring. 
(5129-614) 

ENTIRE WILDERNESS PROTECTION ACT 
BEING THREATENED! A bill In lhe U.S. Senate 
(S371) has already passed one commlnee, !twill 
undermine all our country 's wilderness areas 
which are already protectedl Please help to save 
our land and what's lelt of our wild animalsl Write 
to Senator Benne" Johnston and the President 
to ask them 10 veto this bill . Addresses and 
Information ara on the Co-ops' Bulletin Board In 
the Old Student Center. The result. will be 
_trophiC end Irreversible if we don' speak 
out and prevent lhis from happening. (5131 -617) 

VOTERS BEWARE OF DECEPTIONI The timber 
industry's initiative is called the Global Warming 
and Clear-Cuning Reduction, Wildlife Protection, 
and Reforeslatlon Act 011990111 The worthy Iwo 
ini1ialives ara the Environmental Protection Act 
of 1990 and the Foresl and Wildlife Protection 
Initiative sponsored by the Fore51s Forevar 
coaInlon.(6I4-6I7) 

Don' believe the hype! All major enVironmenlal 
groups support the WILDLIFE PROTECTION 
INlTlA TlVE (PROP 1 I 7). It would sel aside $30 
mimon a year for 30 years from already existing 
~ for the acquisition and protection of habitat 
forthe mountain hon and endangered specias. 1t 
would also ban the trophy hunting of mountain 
lions In California forever. The UCSD Greens 
urge you to vote YES ON PROP 117. (614-617) 

WATCH OUTI Proposition 115 may be Pete 
Wilson's attack on Pro-choice. Check it outll 
(614.617) 

MUIR NOON CONCERTI Featuring the vocal 
acrobatics of 'The Grace Notes' and 'Shakln' 
Not Stirred' Wednesday, 616 in the Quad · Be 
therell (614) 

AMAZING 3-0 SHOW I Film. slides. experiments. 
Mandeville Recital Hall Friday, June 8, 3-6 p.m. 
FREEI(6I4-6I7) 

Hera's the hook: Humanities Worl<shops will 
help you . brainstorming , organization, 
collaboration, interpreting TA comments. Free 
coMee, too. Coma to USB 4020A. Wednesdays, 
6-8 p.m. or call 534-2284 for more information. 
(614) 

Come hear 'Modern Zoo' and see the famous 
Watermelon Drop, Fnday June 8. Noon to I p.m. 
on Revelle Plaza. (614-617) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari Electrologist, I 2()().1 500 hairs per 
hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student discounts. 
(61 9) 558-4644. (619) 226·1962. (4/3(}6f7) 

PAPERS TYPEDI Quick & affordablel $2IIyped 
double·spaced page. Call W Colony Resumes 
& Professional Typing Services, 455-8357. One-
day service available. Laser Printing I Choice of 
35 typestyles I (412·617) 

Rent-a·brain 24-hr. writing tutor; outstanding A-
student UC grad save this numberl Make 
deadlines Jim 481-1810. (4/12-617) 
Surllng - finally do it. fun. safa, 20 year. 
experienced lifeguard. water safety instructor 
481-1810. (4112'617) 

WORD PROCESSING, term papers, 
experienced dissertations. 7 days a week, 4.0 
English Skills. references 755-2683. (4126-617) 

WORD PROCESSING - Student papers and 
resumes. Laser printing. Fast and reasonable. 
Call1npuVOutput. 535-3010. (4J30.6I7) 

Word Processing · any siza, pick up & dalivery. 
Fast turnaround · Call Sandy 755-4316. (4/30-
617) 

Maclntoah Repair· upg.-.: Componenllevel 
repair. FREE estimates. Weekend Service. (Mac 
1281512/Plus Power $89). Mamory upgrades 
ALL Macs (Mac 1281512 to Plus starts@ $210). 
Pi""-uplDelivery. 456-5916. Compufix. (513-
617) 

DYNAMIC BELL YDANCING DUOI available for 
special events: call Jaydeeha and Thea 558· 
0938. (5117'617) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal Copy. Only 
$5.95. While you wait. Xeroxes and more. Near 
St. Germains. 452·9949. (5121-617) 

~ • ~ 
ROBERT'S 

SAAB 

German, Swedish 
Japanese Service 

All Work Fully Guaranteed _ Factory-Trained Specialists 

Mon.-Fri, 7 am-5:30 pm 

S&turdays 8 am-5 pm 

(619) 275-1132 
4630 Mission Bay Drive 

• 18."1da11 
MOIOIGa 
w~ ",e Gnd rt:Commemi 

1Undc.1I /ubricwU' 

(1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego VISA' CD 
--------------------

10% OFFonalirepairs* 
with this coupon 

*E=pt motor and transmi.swn OVUM ul. Not valui WIth allY other coupon. 

TYPING -Iheses, term, Ph.Ds. Legal.Allformats. 
RUSH JOBS. MARIE 931 ·9596 (4112'617) 
Word Processing Services. Professional quality, 
reasonable rates. Call 566-9096.(5/29-6/7) 

FREE DENTAL CROWN. Experienced dentist 
taking Calli. Dental Board Exam. Will install free 
crown as part of test. (619) 481-1874.(614-617) 

'Type-right' transcription. Word Processing. 20 
yean; medical experience. Very reasonable. 
Student rales. #695-8262. Leave message_ 
(614-617) 

IMPROVE YOUR GRADESI Gain mora control 
during exams. Incraase study habits, enhance 
memory, concentration. creativity. and energy 
while being stress Iree. Call Ma~a Bnu""er. 
CertiHed Clinical Hypnotherapist . 58H)422. It 
worl<sl (5/29-614) 

WANTED 
Eam 575.00. SUbjects wanted for a study on the 
effects of alcohol. If you are a UCSD sludent or 
non-academic staff, American bom male Of 
entirely Japanese, Chinese. or Korean descent, 
call Scripps Clinic and Research Foundation lor 
more Inlormation, 554-2192. (412·617) 

UNHAPPY? FREE research studies evaluating 
medications are available to people suffering 
from depression. Symploms include sadness. 
fatigue, gum, loss of interesl in daily activities, 
and difllcultles sleeping, eating. and 
concentrating. Su"able volunteers receive free 
medicatiOns, lab tesls, physicats and psychiatric 
avaluation. 180rolder. Free studiesaJsoavailable 
for panic. Call The Feighner Research Insmole 
at 464-4300 Monday ' F~day 10 a.m.' 4 p.m. 
(4/26-617) 

HOU$8CIeaners, window washers. $7-$14lhr. 8-
25 hourweek. "ex. punctual. prolesslonaJ, reliable 
car, must have some experience. must work 
through summer, good references. 259-87311 
M-F 12 p.m-5 p.m leave message. (4126-617) 

Broken Maclnlosh equIpment wanted for CE 
student. Willing to negotiate a trade. Cell 535-
0930. (513·617) 

SUMMER WORK 59.85 to start. National Retail 
chain filling 19 openings in San Diego county. No 
experiance required. Scholarships avallable_ No 
doorto door or phone sales Involved. Must apply 
now. may start aiter finals. Call 9-5 p.m. 
Clairemont 483·4055, Encinitas 436-8634. (517-
617) 

Earn $500 • $2000 pan-time, per month I Work 
your own hours! Need energetic peopIel phone 
224-8529. (5114-617) 

SUMMER JOBS TO SAVE ENVIRONMENT • 
EARN $2500-$3500. National campaign 
pos"ions to pass Clean Air Ac1. stop toxic 
pollution, tighten pesticide controls & promote 
comprehensive recycling. Available in 18 states 
& D.C. Interviews on campus 5130 & 5131. Call 
Kate toll· free at 1-800-75-EARTH. (5117-617) 

MAKE EVERY DAY EARTH DAY. SUmmer 
campaigns lor the environment. Earn 525()(). 
$3500. Help pass lhe Clean Air Act, tighten 
pesticide controls, promote comprehensive 
recycling. Work available 18 states. Kate 8001 
75-EARTH. (5117-617) 

WANTED: inlant care in my De Mar home. Wed 
& Sal.. own car. Start 6123. 755-6172. (5121-712) 

ATTENDANT WANTED by young prolessional 
disabled woman. BegInning July or August. T·Th 
6 a.m.' Noon: SUn 7;30a.m.· 3:30 p.m. Reliable, 
efficient. own car. Personal car (no exp OK). 
shopping, housework, driving. $7lhr. LEE 298-
1745. (5/29-617) 

41 
STUDlNI'/JOUIIt TOURS 

-One-Week Leningrad & 
tW::hcON lard only. 

.. other U.S.s.R. cY'ld Eastern 
Europe tours CIY"ilable. 

UCSD PrIce CcnIcr 
nat to the Post 0fIIca 

451·0630 

Babysl1terneeded In ourhome for 2 small children 
on Tues. & Thurs. Noont08p.m. S3.7S per hour. 
Experience & own transportation a must. Call 
748-4227. (5129-614) 
Marketing representative for Fortune 500 
companies, partlfull time earn 51000 to 500 
month. 272-2nS, 43S-2305. (5129-816) 

ATTENTION: EASY WORK, EXCELLENT PAYI 
Assemble products at home. Details (1) 602-
838-8885 Ext. W·18113 _ (5129-617) 

ATTENTION - EARN MONEY TYPING AT 
HOMEI32,OOOIyr.lncome potential. Details (1) 
602·838-8885 Ext. T·18113. (5/29--617) 

HELP WANTED, NOW HIRING TACOTIME. 
45·47/HR DEPENDING ON EXPERIENCE. 
FULL AND PART TIME POSITIONS 
AVAILABLE. CALL GREG 453-881 8. (5131-617) 

ATTENTION: GOVERNMENT JOBS · YOUR 
AREAISI 7,840-$69,485. Call (1) 602' 838-8885. 
Ext. R·181 13. (5131-617) 

FREE TRAVEL BENEFITS I CRUISE SHIPS 
ANDCASINOSNOWHIRINGIALLPOSITIONSI 
CALL (1) 6C~-838-8885 Ext. Y-18113. (5131-
617) 

ATTENTION : EARN MONEY READING 
BOOKSI $32,OOOIyearlncomepolenUal. Details. 
(1) 602-838·8885 Ext. 61<-18113. (5131 .617) 

Part TIme Work with lull time Income can be 
yours with a phenomenal business of your own. 
Service Industry (travof, long distance, resorts) 
backed by an explosive growth Caillornia 
Company. Complete training and support. For 
an appt. call 759-7380. (5131-712) 

Looking for a student organlzalion that would 
like to make 55()().SI ,000 for a one week campus 
marketing project. Must be organized and 
hardworklng. Call Elizabeth K. or Jeanine at 
(800) 592-2121. (5131-617) 

Part·time night collator: 4 hOUrs/day, 5-6 daysl 
week. 3 a.m.-7a.m. lining required. Must be 
reliable. Scripps Clint<:. Inquire with e;ther Mary 
Phelps, 554-4310, or Joyce Slewart. 554-9811 . 
(6/4-617) 

Hotspots Is now hiring sales helpl Junior 
swimwear and spo_r located in new Costa 
Verde center across Irom UTC. Full or Part·time. 
For more Info contact Becky at 438-8892. (614, 
617) 

Bi\bysitteriSummer ' Professional couple with 7 
month old happy, heanhy boy. Flexible daytime 
hours, Mon-Thurs. 4-20 hours per week. East 
Del Mar home. $3 per hour plus gas. 792-0667. 
(614-617) 

ManagemenVSales. $5OOOimo. fast growing 
company needs open-minded people to help 
with expansion. BIlIngual. welcome. FT/PT. No 
experience required, Shoua 558-3065. (614-617) 

JOBS JOBS JOBS - National Employment Wire 
Service announcea a 1_ compu1er network to 
help UCSD S1udenIs find current part and full 
time job operings with hundreds of companies. 
Ask for thl NEWS CAREER INFORMATION 
SYSTEM computer located at the Career 
Services Center, 8-030. (619) 534·37SO. (6/4· 
617) 

PEER COUNSELORS. Psychological and 
Counseling ServIoes hae paid posItIona lor Fall 
'90. Apply to CarMr Servlcel for Alcohol and 
Substance Abuse (Job ",(87), Lellblan and 
Gay (Job 1111086) and R_ from Elting 
Diaorders (Job '"073) programs. VoIu_ 
positions open In Women's peer program. 
Contact Dr. Juarez, 534-3875. (614-816) 

MONEY· Does h motivate you?Then _ us, fun 
work environmenl. nice Office. fast promotions • 
excallenl starting pey. " you're no! earning at 
least $400/wk. Call 497-0572 NOWI (6/4) 

Monday, June 4, 1990 

Earn 512.00 • $2600lhr. Omega Marketing Is 
hiring a limited number of studenls to work with 
businesses in your area. Last year low rep 
earned $12.96/hlgh rep eamed 525.65. Interview 
meeting Thursday June 7th 9:00 a.m. or 2;Q() 
p.m. Career Services Rm. 104 or call I -800-955-
6015. (6/4) 

FOR SALE 
Waterbed frame, mirrored headboard, padding. 
12 drawers, excellent condition. $100.00 Indyra 
TuesfThurs 10-3 p.m. 534-0829. (5117-617) 

FOR SALE: 21 OO-wattamps. 3-waycrossevers. 
and Kicker Box. Over $1000 value. $600 o.b.o. 
John @ 558·3780. (5124·8/6) 

Software for Macintosh: Aldus Freehand V.2.0 
Never opened. Cost $375, sell $295/0.b.o. 535-
8230. (5129-614) 

Eugene, EUGENE, Eugene, Eugene. Oregon 
$100 one·way airplane ticket. July 10 Sandy 
587-1213. (5/29-6/4) 

Bessell SUrfboard 6'9', great condition, few dings. 
$180 o.b.o. Mark 558-4798. (5129-617) 

One Way United ticket from SO to Wash DC 
departs 8117 $200 • o.b.o. Emily 452-9428. 
(5129-617) 
ATTENTION -GOVERNMENT HOMES from S I 
(U·repBlr) . Dallnquent tax property. 
Repossessions. Call 1·602·838-8885 Ext. GH-
18113. (5129-617) 

1985 Honda Elite 150 Scooter. Good condition. 
Runs great. $550 obo 546-8285. (5131-11/4) 

1984 Honda Elite 125 Scooter. Excollent 
condition. Lots of extras· windshield. Iockbox, 
cover, helmet. etc. Recently limed. Goes 45-50 
mph easily. 59SO or best. Call .lemifer at 483-
0825. (5131 -614) 

MovingOU1 sale; New double bed. new_ and 
dresser· can be sofd as set or separalely. Call 
Rachel 259-7153.(5131-617) 

A Mon and frame, new $85 beautiful color. 
special frama. can deliver. qualhy, quality, 284-
6222. (5131-617) 

ATTENTION : GOVERNMENT SEIZED 
VEHICLES from $100. Fords . Mercedes. 
Corve"es. Chevys. SUrplus Buyers Guide. (1) 
602-838-8885, Ext. A-18113. (5131-617) 

ponler. Mac lmagewrlt"r II , 1 year old. forns. 
perfect condhlon. $300. Call Kevin, 488-9905. 
(5131·614) 

1980 Honda Accord LX, 5sp.NC, AMlFM. runs 
graat, 51100 oIlo .. call Subj 792-8753. (5131 , 
614) 

Twin bed available alter graduation. Excellent 
condition. Price negotiable. Call Susan at 453-
8371. (513 t-6I7) 

Internal frame backpack; Dana DesIgn DIrac!, 
great condition, $130 obo. 558-3628. (5131-617) 

)IT COmpatible, 6401< RAM. 20MB Seagata hard 
drive. 24-pln Epeon ~nler. Plus many software. 
$850 o.b.o. Call Tom 558-7318. (614' 617) 

Smllh Corona PWP3 word processor. Hu 80 
col. x 8 Hnedisplay. disl<drIve. and spell checker. 
Coma w/manual. 2 cartridges, and disks. $330 
o.b.o. Also sellin" minl-compact refrigerator lor 
$25 o.b.o. 558-7327. (614' 617) 

If you have RECENTLY had 
any Infectious or Sexually 
Transmitted Diseases, you 

may qJaify to EARN CASH 
and help us help others, 

FOR FREE TESTING. MORE 
INFORMATION CALl 

Monday, June 4,1990 

BIanchi • 19'. Great bike. call for detalts of 
component •. S200 firm. As'up 587-8946. (614. 
617) 

PLEASE BUYI Commodore S032 with leUer 
qualhy ~nter, dual "oppy, software. $345 o.b.o. 
Jason 558-2575. (614·617) 

1978 Toyota Corofla In graat condition. new 
brakaa, starter atc. AMlFM, NC_ 51200 o.b.o. 
Betay 558-7032. (614) 

1986 Dodge Ram Custom lIan. Loaded. $10.000 
o.b.o. 529-3185 punch In your number alter 
beeps. (614) 

Two Iickets cruJae to Bahamas departing Irom 
FJ. Lauderdale $800 o.b.o. And two R.T. tI""et8 
to Haw .... $450 o.b.o. Must .... soonl Sol 552-
8236. (814) 

MUST SELL: good speakers wl12" wooIer8. 
have to get rid of before summer. P .. rick 558-
0961. (614-617) 

00ubIe bed and dryer, $100 o.b.o. each. Both 
.... new. we're movJng. 259·7145. KaraorSheIIy. 
(614-617) 

l.arge cOW<, lock. and cable lor 185-200' car. 
$40. Cal Jason at 558-0013_ (814-617) 

Asher.mp and tuner. Aging buI functfonal . Will 
take best oller. call Jason at 558-0013. (614-617) 

MovIng ..... Refrtgarator, apartment·size, two-
door, 58' x 24'x 24', like new, available 6-15-90, 
$95; Sota-bed, Sears, brown plaid, in good 
condition. $60. Call 558-2535. (6/4-617) 

Yamaha '88 FZ800. Mlata blue whh gold rims. 
Custom paint must _. SUmmars coming. 558-
1628. (6/4-617) 

Laptop compu1erSharp PC4502.IBM compatible 
8401<. Duel 3 112' d~V8S. Seriat port. 1200 Baud 
Inlernal modem, Supertwist LCD screan. 
Panasonic l1SO NLQ ~nter. Lois 01 software. 
$13OO1bes1. Mati 558-2197. (614-617) 

'sovw Rabbit AMlFM Casso 2dr. 4sp. runs well. 
$1300 o.b.o. Must sell. 755-6472. (614-617) 

ObI bd (metfress & box) for sala. $20 o.b.o. Call 
Rick 565-0889. (614-617) 

For sale- XL Twin bed matlress, box spring. and 
frame. Xlnt condition $SO 481-2636 Jim. (614-
617) 

CALL 
497·0572 

HOUSING 
Oceanlront condol 2 bedroom 2 bath. Jacuzzi, 
s1eep113-4. $1200.00483-9516. Leave massage, 
Man. (5117-817) 

$2OO/mo. summer sublet. Room In 2 br appt . 5 
mlns. from campus. 452-3768. (5117-614) 

Looking for person(s) w/ admirable lifestyle to 
share beautiful home In La Jolla. Please call 
597-0250. (5124-617) 

Roommatels needed: Avallable 7/1-911 large 
master bedroom wlown bath. Next to UTC. 
Furnished! $275 double or $4SO single. Grea1 
roomm .... 1 Call nowl 452·8537. (5124·614) 

2 rooms a ..... bIe In 4 br house s1artlng June 17. 
$3OOimo. Cal 565-8536. (5124-617) 

Del Mar: "'-bedroom with bathroom fortwo. 
fully turnlahed, waller, dryer. TV. VCR, dele to 
beach and shopping center. Beaut"u! lake 
surroundlnga. Available June 15. $250/person 
C'" 259-9121. (5129-712) 

Two Iemales wanted to share large master 
bedroom In furnished condo (not room). Own 
bath. washer/dryer. pool. $250 plus 1/4 u111~1 .. 
&ech. Karen 558-1471 no smokers please. 

(5I~ 

Clalremont. Room In 3 bedroom, 2 bath house 
nearClairemontSquare.Laundry. $31 O/mo. 270-
9515. (5129-614) 
Summarsuble! · own room In PB house. Walk to 
bay. $295Imo. Avail 8110 483-9158. (5129-614) 

Wanted · Two peopJe male and/or female to 
share mastar bedroom. wlown bath. balcony 
furnished condo (except bedroom) near Vons. 
Move In 6117 $265 each, 1/4 oli1nies. Heatherl 
Natalie 558-2374. (5131 -614) 

Female roommate wantad. Share master 
bedroom, furnished. near UCSD. SUmmer only_ 

$3OO/m~h 5587716. (5131-617) 

Two roommates wanted (maleifemale)1II Own 
fumished room In spadous4br. condo 15 minutes 
from UCSD. Pool. jacuzzi. cable TV and other 
amenhles. Clean living In a rel8J(ed atmosphere! 
A must _II $32O/m~h. no utilities. Call Steve 
at 271 -6811 . (5131-617) 
Forrent University Chy house 3 bd 1 112 bath. 
Irg. 101. Close to school and beach. Appliances. 
$1050 546-8643 (614-617) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Roommate wanted, available June 23. Own 
large room In two-bedroom apartment . GeneMe 
and Nobel area. Nosmoking. $3n.60 permon1h. 
1/2 oli1itias. Call Jeff. 534·4503 (work). 546-
0850 (horne). (5131-617) 

La Jolla Colony Rental 2 Female roommales 
wanted to shara a master BR w/private balcony 
and bath . large walk· In clolet . Beautifully 
furnished. Close 10 campus and shopping. RENT 
COVERS UTILITIES, Including washer/dryer, 
cable TV. VCR. pool and jacun!. Available 9111 
9O.$3SOlperson, Call Ashley at 587-0t43, leave 
message. (5131·617) 

Single bedroom available June 19th In 3 
bedroom, 2 bath condo. Genesee Highlands 
Complex. $300 + 114 utili"es, non-smoking 
femalas only. 587-8910 Carolyn. (614-617) 

SUMMER APARTMENT·MATE WANTED: 
slrlQIe room. $3251rnonth. water & oll1slncludedl 
FullylurnJahed, pool. personal phone line. etc. 5 
min. fr. UCSD. walking distance to UTC. Call 
558-7501. (614) 

2 GIRLS NEEDED to share La Jolla condo 
master bdrm w/own bath & balcony. Washerl 
dryer, dishwasher. pool . S275 /peraon + utilities. 
Contact Kristen 587-OOSO ASAP 4 SUBLETTER 
NEEDED for same condo avail July 1_ (614'617) 

Room for renl in 4 bdI2 be house In University 
Chy. Non·smoking femala preferred. $3201mo + 
1/5util. StelanJe452-3583 Iv. message.(614-617) 

2 quiet. responsible roommates needed to share 
mstr. bdrm. In Solana Beach. Avail . mid Sep. 
$375 + 113 oll1Hles. Ocean·view -haseverylhing. 
792-9846. (614-617) 

HUGE 3 bedroom in University City for aummer 
rental or year leese. Pool , patio & all appliances 
Included. Close to school and malls in college 
student neighborhood. Cool landlord too. $1 OSO/ 
mo. Call Dan, Mick, Jason 457-5513. (614-617) 

Room for rent • own room + bath. $400.00 
month. Available summer. Cal! Mike 587-0429. 
(614) 

SUmmer rentailLarge furnished master br. In a 
fully furnished 2 br. 2 ba. apartment. Complex 
inci . pool . jacunl. ti1nass center, laundry and 
garage. $45O/mo. I or 2 female nonsmokers 
pref. 452-9804. (6/4-617) 

Room for rent 2 bdll bath. Fully lumished condo 
(La Paz In La Jolla Colony). Wid. TVNCR. pooII 
jac, carport, S min. drlva from campus, male or 
female. Available after finals to mld·Sept. $325/ 
mo + oli1ities. Call 558-1035 Mark. (614-617) 

2 bedroom -Mesaspertment. $2SO + $50 deposit 
aach. utility Included. Starting 6116 - 10131,546-
7622. (814) 

Fun and exchlng roommates needed; Available 
6114·9/1. Master bedroom wlown bath at La 
Jolla Pofnt ApI •. Great location. near UTC. 2 
pools. 2 jacuzzis. workout room, clubhouse, oIC. 
•. $417.50 single + 112 util~ies OR $267.SO 
double + 1/3 utilities each. Call Michelle 535-
8230. (614·617) 

Wanted: One or two male or femala to rent 
master bedroom in large Pacific Beach house 
from 6115 · 9115. $425 single or $250 double. 
Own bathroom. pool table. close to beach, 
shortcut to UCSD. Call Scott 274-5417. (614) 

2 room males wanted 10 miles from UCSD. 
tennis. pool. weight room. 2SO. utH included. 
Andy 294-7729. (614-617) 

Non-smoking fern .. houaern .. e wanted 6117 • 
9115 $3OO/mth. cte.n home in West Mira Mesa. 
Greal hou8emaJea. 588-7323. (614-617) 

Male nonsmoker needed to share master bdrm. 
In large condo. 295 + 1/3 oli1. 58H)451 JIm. 
Close to all. (614-617) 

FamUy home near UCSD. Available June 25th. 
3 br, 2 baths. fireplace, deck. large backyard. 
Prefer non-smoking lacuhy orpost-graduate. No 
pals. $1 .ISO. 1 st and last mos. rent + sec. dep. 
565-9905. (614) 

Townhouse 5 min. walk to UCSD available 611 8 
• summer. "bdrm 2 112 bath. Pool, sauna. oIher 
goodIes_ Rentas a whofe orby room. Call Roy at 
558-6450. (614-617) 

Great summer subletl New house In Mira Mesa 
just 5 miles from UCSD. Own room, big yard, 
crazy roommales. cheap rent - only S290 + 1/5 
oli1"ies. Call nowll Hilaria 549-3971. (814-617) 

SUmmer roommate wanted. Nice UC house. 
Own room. share bath and utilities. Rent 330.00 
587·9794. (614·617) 

SUmmer roommate warned. Female. Own room. 
fumlshed. or unfumlshed. Washer. dryer. pool, 
near UTC. Fun roommatesl $350 + 1/3. Call 587-
6614. (614) 

Roommate wanted. $325 University City near 
Vons. Available June 1 st. Own room. 452·2728 
or 457-1783. (614'617) 

Luxury trl-level condo; 1 bdloft, 11I2ba;fireplace, 
washer. lridge, pool. spa, walk to UCSD. $850 
551 -9203. (6/4'617) 

$11 jstart 
Million dollar photo corp has expanded to the west coast. We are staffing 5 

new offices in the San Diego area. We need manager trainees, asst. manag-

ers, office managers, and part-time summer help. We are not interested in 

door-to-door, telemarketing, or multi-level sales people, This is a legitimate 

career opportunity. Our most successful managers are curren~y earning over 
$80,OOO/year and are from the following backgrounds-students, retail 
sales, fast food, models, etc. If you Ire a people person, love a fun work 
atmosphere and want to earn incredible income-call us! You will soon be 
on the cutting edge of financial freedom. Just do it! Call 497-0572. 

CLASSIFffiDS 25 

Room in secluded North Park home. Pool. quiet 
and clean. 350.0-0 + oli1. 584-4118. (614) 
Huge duplex house; 4 bd. 2 112 ba. privata, pool . 
spa. garden. garage! Near UCSD. mates. S2050 
55 1-9203 (614-617) 

2 br condos starting at St 25.000 near UCSD + 
2 brl2 ba. condo Pacific Beach S169.OOO Don 
457-2730. (614) 

PERSONALS 
Third College needs a new Junior Senator_ Gel 
Involved and apply. AppIlcalions are available In 
the Dean's offica. Deadline is June 7th. (5124-
617) 

Join us lor the end Of the year Warren 
COMMUTER BRUNCH I If you haven', coma .. 
year you'd batter make this onel Intemational 
Center, Tuesday June 5. 9 a.m.-12p.m. for only 
$11 (5131 -614) 

Bianchi • 19' Graat bike. Call for details of 
components. $200 firm. Ra·up 587-8946. (614) 

Way to go Sig Kaps on placing third In Greek 
Week. We were 'wicked" awesomel (614) 

Congratulations Tri Dohs and Slg. Epa lor placing 
first overall in Greek Week. Love. Sigma K. (614) 

The UCSD Greens urge you to vole YES ON 
PROPS 116 AND 117. (614-617) 

Ebee(s)· It's been cooIl Worth all the Bgonyand 
stress. Just think of the luture, and maybe you 
will even get your own room (corner). (614) 

Thanks to everyone who made the 5130 Cafe 
Java such a success. 'Shakin' nol Slirred', the 
slaff. the fabulous audience - and especially the 
hysterical 'Grace Notesl' Dori, He;di. Gayatri, 
Usa. EUzabelh. Ann and Margaret - YOilre the 
bestll Love. Hilarie. (614) 

CONGRATULATIONS TO THE NEW 
INITIATES OF ALPHA OMICRON PII WE LOVE 
YOU ALPHA THETASI (614) 

Sigma Chis, the Dinner 'Around the World' with 
you definitely satisfied our ·appallt .. ' _ Love, 
AOPi (614) 
Jostons college rings on sale Ihis week at 
bookstore, Monday-F~day, 10:00 - 3:00 p.m. 
(614'617) 

CALL 
497·0572 



. ~ 

26 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, June 4,1990 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

MEN'S AND WOMEN'S SWIMMING AND DIVING Guardian File Photo 

Tritons Hit Kenyon Roadblock 
By PETER KO The Kenyon women have been high-point scorer and Co-Swim- It's a question that will have the 
Associale Sports Edilor almost as perfect. All they 've done mer of the Meet. She placed in the Tritons' new swimming coach -

is win the last six national champi- top two of seven events and set Morgan retired at the end of the 
It ' s a big, purple wall that ap- on hips. This year, UCSD - sur- three nat ional records. season - scratching his or her 

pears at the beginning of April prise - was second. Oh yeah, lest we forget, she set head in the search for an answer. 
every year, wherever the NCAA For Head Coach Bill Morgan, eight new UCSD records during Whomever the coach turns out 
Divi ion III swimming and diving 1990 might have been the best the season too. to be, heor she will also be ponder-
champion hips are being held, and chance the Triton women have ever Lum a\so d id her part. She swam ing the plight ofthe men 's team. 
it goes by the name of Kenyon Col- had to un eat the Ohio swimming the butterfly leg of the 400 medley The men racked up their high-
lege. power. relay team. in addition to finishing e t point total ever at 535. and still 

No matter how hard the UCSD UCSD brought as fine a coUec- second in the 200 butterfly • third in couldn't overtake Kenyon. 
swimming and diving teams try. tion of swimmers as it has had in the 100 butterfly, and fifth in the Never mind the other competi-
they can't avoid the Lords. recent years to the national meet i n 200 1M. tors (third-place Wheaton was 296 

Even when a season such a the Williamstown. Massachusetts. For that matter, Erin Bakey, points behind UCSD) - the na-
one the Tritons had in 1990 can be Heading the UCSD co nvoy Jamee Couch, Alice Kirby, Katy tional meet was a showdown be-
looked upon. for the most part, as were Catherine Capriles and Sab- Arnold. Jenna Banaszek. Nicole tween the two rivals, and everyone 
a huge. overwhelming success, rina Lum. Ress ler, Cindy Miller. Jocelyn else was left behind to watch. 
Kenyon's shadow till looms Capriles. a former Division I Ro thbard, Audrey Rossie. Ruth In some events, the two schools 

Just look at the numbers. The ace who transferred from UCLA, P range, and Cathi Wood all did combined for six of the top eight 
UCSD men have been the runner~- had competed before in the Divi- their part, as 13 of the 15 Tritons placings. 
up at the national championships sion I finals and at the 1988 U.S who swam or dove attained All- UCSD 's Brad Thomas was the 
five of the la t six years. Olympic Trials, where she fi nished American status. individual star as he was the high-

Kenyon was the school that seventh in the 200 backstroke. The top eight fini shers in each point scorer of the meet. with first-
finished ahead of them each ti me. The Division III finals proved event at nationals are named All - place fi nishes in the 500 and 1650 

In fact , the Kenyon men have to be mere peanuts for the one- Americans. yard freestyle, and second-place 
finished ahead of everyone for the time Bruin. So you ask, how did Kenyon finishes in the 200 free and 800 
last I I years. She ended the nationals as the beat them? See SWIMMING, page 19 

M. SOCCER: Back-to-Back Attempt Cut Short in Semis 
Continued from page 27 
including a 2-1 win at home over 
the Division II UC Davis Aggles. 

Then thing ~tarted to get a bit 
sticky for the Tritons as they ran 
into a part of the schedule that was 
dotted with several hlgherdlvision 
opponents and ~uffered through 
one four-game stretch where they 
could only manage three lo~ses 
and a tie. 

One such conte~t wa~ UCSD'~ 
hard-'ought 1-0 loss to the hlghly-
touted Di.,iion I UCLA Brums. 

The toughe~t part of L'CSD'~ 
.,~heduk ended \\ith ... gritty. db-
uppolntm' I 0 home :os to USD. 

• 
() 

another highly regarded western 
Divi ion I squad. 

I n this stretch of games, the 
Triton offense was often frustrated 
by the tough defensf'S thrown at 
them. but the Triton defenders were 
u5uall) up to the Division I and 

AlA challenge as they kept high-
powered offen,e~ at bay. 

Even though the Tritons po~t­
season prospects seemed to be 
getting vt~ry dm) as their record 
dropped to a ,eemingly average 5-
3-:!. the carly games against higher 
dlvl,.on opponents reaped quick 
diVidend for the relatively incx-

See ,1. SO CER, page 16 
Guardian File 

Mike Alberts was one of the few Tritons who was not injured 

nb Ii vable Year, Unb lie able Ending 

ned nn 

W.POLO 
Continued from page 28 
nament. 

They did so courtesy of the 
NCAA. For once, the NCAA did 
something out of the goodness of 
its heart. and awarde<! an auto-
matic national tournament berth to 
the winner of the WWPA Cham-
pionships. 

So, when the Tri tons he ld strong 
on a last-d itch breakaway by the 
Air Force Academy on Nov. 13, 
they found themselve on their way 
to Indianapol is, Indiana to face the 
biggest name. in CO llegiate water 
polo - UC Irvine. UCLA, Cal, 
Stanford, and Pepperd ine j ust to 
name a few. 

It is that failed Falcon breaka-
way which will always stick in the 
mind of Head Coach Denny 
Harper, who at the time called the 
national 10ul11jUTlent berth the great-
est thrill of his lO-year coaching 
career. 

Thrilling as it was, it might also 
have been the single-most impor-
tant sequence in Harper's UCSD 
coaching career and in the history 
of the school' s men 's water polo 
program. 

That is because, at the time, the 
breakaway had " breakdown" 
scribbled allover it like graffiti in 
South Central L.A. 

Air Force's David Chaney had 
slipped behind the Triton defense 
with UCSD leading 6-5 in the 
closing seconds of the contest. 

Chaney took a long pass and 
proceeded down the pool where he 
found himself going head-to-head 
with UCSD goalie J.P. Beay. 

Chaney then made the mistake 
he will probably remember for the 
rest of hi s life . He pulled up on his 
drive and faked a shot. 

The brief hesitation gave Beay 
enough time to get on top of 
C haney, and it a lso allowed 
UCSD's Greg Goodrich to catch 
him from behind. 

Together they smothered 
Chaney. and the celebration was 
on. 

Atthe eight-team national tour-
nament, the sixth-seeded Tritons 
faced off with Stanford in the 
opening round. 

It took a Cardinal goal in the 
final 25 seconds of regulation to 
break a 6-6 deadlock and end 
UCSD's hopes of a "miracle on 
wate r." 

The Tritons, who finished the 
season at 2 1-14, didn't leave the 
big time winless, however, a they 
knocked off Arkansas-Little Rock, 
I 0-9, in the consolation game for a 
six th plut.:e fini h. 

As befits u team which could be 
considered the fine,t Dlv ISlon III 
squud evc;:r assembled, UCSD was 
honored \\ IIh 1I10r" titan II' ,hurc;: 
ot all-star~ . 

Junior Jason "'llIrtle" Hrm\ 11 

Monday, June 4, 1990 

M. SOCCER 
Continued from page 28 

Not 0 fast. sports fans. You 
can 't judge a season just by its 
o utcome. 

In fact. the men's team has a lot 
to be proud of thi s year, despite the 
fact that it fe ll just one game short 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulations: 
• Send the entry on an 8 J /2" by 

11 " sheet of paper along with your 
name. year in school, hometown . 
col/ege you attend at UCSD . ma-
jor, address, and phone number to 
Sports Editor, UCSD Guardian . 
B-016 . La Jolla, CA 92093. You 
can also drop it off in the sports 
editor' s box at the Guardian of -
fice, located on the secondfloor of 
the Old Student Center, acrossfrom 
the gym. 

• All UCSD students. staff, and 

of play ing for the national titl e. 
This eason 's squad went into 

the season having lost several re-
turning veterans to inj uries. Scott 
Goodman had to si t out almost the 
entire season with a knee inj ury, 
and Mike Bradley also missed some 
early games due to a lower back 
problem. 

f aculty are eligible to enter. except 
for Guardian staff members and 
employees of BJ's Chicago Pizze-
ria. 

• The person who comes up wilh 
the most correr.1 entries. as deter-
mined by the judges, will be de-
clared the grand prize winner and 
will be recognized when the quiz is 
printed the folio wing week. In the 
event of a tie, a drawing will be 
held to determine the grand prize 
winner. Those correct entries not 
selected as the grand prize winner 
will be considered runners-up. 

• Only one entry per person , per 
week. Entries must be at the Guard-
ian by 5 p .m. on Saturday. 

• Th e grand prize winner will 
receive two $5 gift certificatesfrom 
B}'s. Runners-up can oblainafree 
pitcher of either Michelob Draft or 
soda when dining at B}'s Chicago 
Pizzeria, located in La Jolla Vi/-

The UCSD Guardian 

Despite these drawbacks, Head 
Coach Derek Armstrong was able 
to shape the team into one whose 
level of success was onl y su rpassed 
by the 1988 squad's astounding 
fi ni sh. 

The team got off to a qu ick start, 
taking three out of its first four, 

See M. SOCCER, page 26 

loge Square . A lisl of all winners 
will be posted at BJ's each week 
and winners need 10 show identifi-
cation to claim prizes. 

This is the lastBI'softhe quar-
ter. B}' .I' will return at the begin-
iting of the 1990 Fall Quarter. 

Last week's answers: 
1. Arie Luyendyk 
2. Edmonton Oilers 
3. False 
4. Lou Brock, Billy Hamilton 
5. San Diego and Baltimore 
6. San Francisco 4gers 
7. False 
8. Men's soccer 
9. Albuquerque 
10. 1235 
Last week's winner: 
Mark Johnsen 
First-year, Third. Undeclared 
Bellevue. W A 
Runner-up: 
Andrea Combs 

IT'S NOT TOO LATE ••• 
... to be a part of history. Yes, The UCSD Guardian will be publishing three times a 

week beginning next Fall, and even though we've filled our editorial staff for 1990-91, 
that doesn', mean we don" need your helpl We're going to need writers - and 
lots of them. 

If you've got journalistic experience, we'll need you right away. If you don1, our in-
ternship program will help you. We also need photographers and illustrators, and, as 
usual, copy readers, production workers, and typists. Oh, and advertising represen-
tatives too. If you like Macintoshes and know Microsoft Word or PageMaker, even 
better. 

And better yet. .. ALL POSITIONS ARE PAID! Interested? Don't wait. Fill out this 
form today and drop it in the Staff Positions 80x at the 'Guardian on the second floor 
of the Student Center. Or, if you prefer, send it to The UCSD Guardian, 8-016, La Jolla. 
CA 92093 Attn: Staff Positions. Call 534-6580 for more information. 

r----------------------------, 
Name ____________________________________ __ 
Current Phone, ________________________ _ 
Summer Address, ______________________________ _ 

Summer Phone I , 
Next year's address (if you know it), ___________________ __ 
Nextyear'sphone, ______ ....,.-____________________ _ 

Please check area(s) of interest 
o NEWS 
o FEATURES 
o OPINION 
o SPORTS 
DARTS/ENTERTAINMENT 
o PHOTOGRAPHY 
o INTERNSHIP 

o COPY READING 
o PRODUCTION 
o TYPING 
o ADVERTISING 
o ILLUSTRATION 
o DRIVING 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

L ____________________________ ~ 

SPORTS 27 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Gould, Cbarlie 
BIssell , Jay Goldberg, ErIc DeCbalne, Paul 
Anderson, Andy Malisbenko, Randy Klelger 
FERMENTED BOOB JUICE - Softball 

Therc was a lot of ddiberating high up in Bud Man headquarters ovcr 
who whould be the last Team·of· the·Week, but after a lot of he. ted 
debate, F.rm. nu4 Boob lui .. won out. 

They've got the style. they 've got the charism'a, and they've gotten all 
their shots-no other team tilled those three criteria . 

Besides, Juice was caught up in one of the most heated pennant races 
in all of 1M softball. At 5- [, the team was looking to knock out We Have 
Big Balls (3·3) from playoff contention in the Tony Gwynn League . 

JI/ice jumped Out to a seemingly insurmountable 9· 1 kad, but had to 
put it together in the end to stave "fr a seventh-inning Batls rally. Jlli .. 
stopped the merry-go-round after five runs for a 9·6 victory. 

Pitcher Andy Malishenko chalked up win #6 on the season, scattering 
four hits and eight errors. Meanwhile , Bront Stahl turned in a 3 for 3 
performance at the plate. 

How docs it feci to be tha last Team·of·rhe·Week? 
Junior Drew Reynolds summed it up best:"! can die now." 

To a team whose mottO is "Don't let the great taste fool you," this ... 
club's for you. 

Illstl·lIC(Or's Course Relltters 

• Free Parking 

• Book Binding 

• Copies while yo u wait 

• 
Hours: Mon.-Thu. 8:3~:30; Fri. 8:3~; Sat. 12-4 

Exp, "2'/90 

;.! II /loUdll)' ('/ ('11'\//0 Ik",,,,,,, , /"::0) 452.9949 

Includes: Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow dry and sty'flng $4 extra. 
Full service prices reg, $21-$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To insure faster service, it's 
best to come on weekdays, 

CALL RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
: M-F-S m: T-W -T 9-8pm 

---
• 'til •• ______ ..... 

. _---- --

457·3334 
8843 La Jolla Vtllage Or. • La Jolla , CA 
La Jolla Village Center (Ralphs, SavonJ 
MEN - WOMEN 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 



28 SPORTS 

FALLIWINTER 
SUMMARY 

Individual Honors 
ALL-AMERICAN : 
Katy Arnold, Swimming 
Erin Bakey, wimming 
Jenna Bana zek, Swimming 
Ja on Brown, Water Polo 
Catherine Capriles, Swimming 
Michelle Conlay, Cros Ctry 
Jamee Couch, Swimming 
Rich Daniel , Swimming 
Steve Denys, Swimming 
Felicia Faro, Soccer 
Mike Fox, Cro Country 
Derron Fredrick, Swimming 
Greg Goodrich, Swimming 
Alice Kirby , Swimming 
Diana Klintworth , Volleyball 
Toni Krumme, Soccer 
Sabrina Lum, Swimming 
Heather Mauro, Soccer 
Cindy Miller, Swimming 
Ruth Prange, Diving 
Audrey Rossie, Swimming 
Jocelyn Rothbard, Swimming 
Dave Sacco, Swimming 
Luke Salemo, Swimming 
Shannon Smith, Swimming 
Elizabeth Tan, Volleyball 
Brad Thoma , Swimming 
Jason Vance, Swimming 
Cathi Wood, Diving 

ACADEMIC 
ALL-AMERICANS: 
Mike Bradley, Soccer 
Mark Fahlen, Swimming 
Mike Kappes, Soccer 
Tamaki Myer , Swimming 

Guardian File Photo 
Diana Klintworth 

Team Finishes 
WOMEN'S BASKETBALL: 
13-12; no postseason play 
MEN'S CROSS COUNTRY: 
12th out of 21 teams at Finals 
WOMEN'S CROSS C'TRY: 
12th out of 21 teams at Finals 
WOMEN'S SOCCER: 
1st - National Champions 
MEN' S SOCCER: 
3rd - National Semifinalists 
MEN'S SWIMMING: 
2nd at National Championships 
WOMEN'S SWIMMING: 
2nd at National Championships 
WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL: 
20-13; 10 t in West Regionals 
MEN'S WATER POLO: 
6th at Division I (Open) Final 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, June 4, 1990 

Sports 
UCSD INTERCOLLEGIATE ATHLETICS: THE YEAR IN REVIEW 

Guardian File Photo 
WOMEN'S SOCCER 

A Season for the Record Bo ks 
The 1989 Tritons Got Over a 1-0 Sudden Death Overtime L ss III 
The 1988 Title Game and Came Back With One Incredible Season 
To Capture a National Championship of Their Own 

Guardian File Photo 
Senior Heather Mauro finished her UCSD 
career as the school's all-time scoring leader. 

MEN'S SOCCER 

By PETER KO 
Associate Sports Editor 

It had to be one of the most remarkable 
seasons in NCAA Divison III women ' s soccer 
history. The beast that was the UCSD women's 
soccer team came back from a 1-0 sudden 
death overtime loss to the William Smith 
College of New York in the 1988 title game 
with a vengeance. 

The Tritons reeled off a 19-1-1 record, with 
the only blemishes coming at the hands of 
highly-regarded Division II CSU Dominguez 
Hills and Division II UC Irvine. 

UCSD roared to a national championship, 
and dominated to the point that you have to 

Repeat Bid Will 
Have to Wait 
By LES BRUVOLD 
Staff Writer 

At face value, you might think that the 1989 season was 
somewhat of a disappointment for the men' soccer team 
since it fell short of its 1988 national championship per-
formance. 

See M. SOCCER, page 27 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 

Four It Was Not 
To Be for Tritons 
By DANA CHAIKEN 
Sports Editor 

consider whether this group might have been 
the best Division III team ~ver. Certainly the 
numbers are there. 

UCSD shutout 18 of 21 opponents and 
outscored its foes by a Whopping cOJ.)nt of 80-4 
- mind-boggling numbers in any league. 

The stats are even more amazing when you 
consider that the one, big weakness the Tritons 
had to fix at the beginning of the season was in 
the defense. The departure of two-time All-
American Susan Kramer left the defense with-
out an anchor and a potential gaping hole that 
Head Coach Brian McManus had to fill. 

He did so with Toni Krumme, who became 
the leader of a defense which shutout II con-

See W. SOCCER, page 26 

MEN'S WATER POLO 

UCSDa 
Part of 
History 
By PETERKO 
Associate Sports Editor 

It was a pretty historical year 
for the UCSD men 's water polo 
team. Not quite as grand as 1776 or 
1941 mind you, but pretty histori-
cal all the same. 

The Triton marched right 
through the " Ies er" water polo 
world with their second consecu-
tive Western Water Polo A ocia-
tion title and fourth of the 19805. 

It says quite a bit for the history and respectability of the 
UCSD women's volley ball program when it has it econd-
wor t eason ince joining the NCAA in 1981, and still 
makes the West Regiona\s. 

Guardian File Photo 
Scott Rommel ended his Triton career among 

See W. V-BALL, page 19 the top five goal scorers in UCSD history. 

More importantly, though, they 
walked right into the history books 
with the first-ever appearance by a 
Divi ion III team in the NCAA 
Division I (Open) National Tour-

See W. POLO, page 26 


