
Place With a 
New Face 

Shortened 
Shakespeare 

The Grove Caffe's New Look 
Features, page 8 

Reduced Classics at UCSD 
Arts & Entertainment, page 10 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 70, NUMBER 11 

Prop. 111 to Raise the Gann Limit, 
Lower University Students' Fees 

By BRENT MALLOY 
Guardian Reporter 

A war i being waged in the 
state legislature and throughout the 
state over the controversial Propo-
sition III which will appear on 
June's ballot. 

Called the "Traffic Congestions 
Relief and Spendtng Limitation Act 
of 1990," Proposition III would 
modify the Gann spending limit, 
revise the funding formula for 
California's educational system, 
and represent asignificant increase 
in the state gas tax if it passes. 

The Gann Spending Limit, 
passed in 1979 as Propo ition 4, 
was intended to stabilize annual 
state budgetary growth to 6.9 per-
cent, based on California's popu-
lation and the national inflation 
rate. The Commission on State 
Finance, however, has stipulated 
that the state would need at least a 
7.7 percent limit in order to main-
tain existing programs and serv-
ices. 

"The reformulation of the Gann 
limit .would allow the state budget 
to grow in step with state reve-
nues," the report stated. 

The second part of Proposi tion 
III concerns the relation of the 
revision of the Gann Spending 
Limit to Proposition 98, which 
was passed in 1988. Proposition 
98 modified the Gann Limit to 
guarantee that 40 percent of the 
budget goes directly to elemen-

• See Related Editorial 
Page 4 

tary schools with grades kindl!r-
garten through 12 (K-12) as well 
as to California community col-
leges. 

Most excess revenue£ trutt are 
collected by the state are also guar-
anteed to go to K-12 schools and 
community colleges as a part of 
their base guarantee for the fol-
lowing year. 

The University of California 
Student Association [UCSA] has 
estimated that by the year 2005, 
there will be 60,000 more students 
seeking acceptance to UC cam-
puses that fall in the top 12.5 per-
cent bracket of those eligible for 
admittance. 

According to the UCSA, if the 
revenues are not available, the uni-
versity will either have to dramati-
cally increase fees or dramatically 
limit the number of students ad-
mitted. 

Vice President of External Af-
fairs Molly McKay, who will be 
responsible for vocalizing UCSD' s 
undergraduate interests at the state 
level, explained that " the Gann 
Limit hasn't accommodated 
California's needs and interests. If 
we do not get better funding, many 

ofthedisadv~tagedminoritiesand 
low income students may become 
ineligible for the UC system be-
cause of the increase in fees and 
also because of increasingly strin-

See GANN, page 3 

Women's Water Polo 
Wins Championship 
Undefeated Tritons beat UC Davis in Finals 

Sports, page 20 

MONDAY, MAY 7,1990 

reg 
UCSD students studied near the Sun God Saturday in an 
attempt to break the world record for en masse studying . 

The authors of Proposition II I 
propose to reformulate the Gann 
Limit by basing California's an-
nual budgetary growth on popula-
tion increases and growth in 
California's personal income. The 
reformulation of the Gann limit 
would not only fulfill California's 
basic needs, but would also allow 
the state budget to grow an average 
of 8.7 percent per year, the Com-
mission on State Finance reported. 

TheUCandtheCalifomiaState 
System, along with other programs 
such as welfare, health, and pris-
ons, must compete for the other 60 
percent of the General Fund, re-
gardless of whether excess funds 
are available. The State Commis-
sion on Finance estimates that 
during the next lOyears,over$19.5 
billion will be diverted to K-12 at 
the expense of other programs. 

National Security Experts Discuss 
Proposed U.S. Defense Budget Cuts 

According to the commission's 
report, national inflation has trailed 
California's personal income 
growth for several years, and the 
old formula is not an adequate 
indicator of California's needs. 

Proposition III would change 
Proposition 98 so that the K-12 
and community colleges would 
share the burden of budget short-
falls with other programs in lean 
years when state revenues are 
down. 

By CATHERINE DILLE 
News Editor 

Two former assistant secretar-
ies of defense, a leading econo-
mist, the President of Hughes Air-
craft, and a former top naval offi-
cial met at UCSD on Thursday in 
a forum to discuss the ramifica-
tions of proposed federal defen e 
budget cuts. 

Titled "Cutting the Defense 

Composite of Murder Suspect Released 
The San Diego Police Department re-

leased a revised ketch Friday of a suspect 
who may have killed as many as three 
young women in Clairemont this year, in-
cluding a UCSD student. 

The suspect was described by one wit-
nes as a black man in bis late teens to early 
20s with short dark hair and a medium 
build. 

He was reportedly last seen wearing a 
red T-shirt and black Levi's jeans. 

Police said that the suspect was seen 
driving an old, oxidized or primer-painted 
Ford Pinto. The suspect was anne<! with a 
knife, 

There were no signs of forced entry into 
the victims' Clairemont apanments, ac-
cording to Police reports. 

Two rewards of $5,000 each are being 
offered for information leading to the ar-
rest and conv iction of the murderer by the 
SDPD and the company managing the 
complex where two victim were tabbed. 

" 

Budget: How Deep? How Fast?," 
the forum was sponsored by the 
UCSD-based Institute on Global 
Conflict and Cooperation (IGCC). 

Forum participants included 
John Ruggie, the president of 
IGCC and a professor of Interna-
tional Relations and Pacific Stud-
ies at UCSD; Lawrence Korb and 
Frank Gaffney, Jr., both former 
assistant secretaries of defense 
during the Reagan administration; 
author and economist Lloyd 
Dumas; Hughes president Ken 
Richardson, and former Navy 
Admiral Worth Bagley. 

Ruggie began the discus ion, 
saying the propo ed defense 
budget cut hould be "considered 
in light of an as essment of the 
nature of the threat confronting 
the United States which our mili-
tary posture is suppo ed to b 
prepared for." 

"What is our threat? What i 
our trategy now that the wall has · 
gone down, and the iron curtain 
has gone up?" he a ked. 

According to Ruggie, the great-
est threat may not be the defense 
budget cut as uch, but "the un-
certainty regarding the policies that 
urround them and the proce se 

by which they will come about." 
Korb predicted that "the de-

fen e budget will go down, hould 
go down, and cannot go down 
without hurting national ecu-
rity .... 1t will go down at a ... real 
rate of five percent a year over the 
next decade." 

Referring to the defense budget 
cuts made in the past five years in 
order to help reduce the deficit, 
Korb said "people went to De-
fense to pay the bills for th~ defi-
cit for much the same reason Billy 
Sutton robbed banks - because 
that is where the money was." 

Korb reasoned that the defense 
budget " hould go down because 
we won the cold war." 

"We spent $8.4 tri Ilion over the 
last five years, and we had orne 
25 million men and women erve 
in the effort to prevent the Soviet 
Union from expanding it influ-
ence beyond Eastern Europe, 
Central Europe, and We tern 
Europe - we won that war," he 
said. 

Korb added that whatever el e 
the change in the Soviet Union 
might ignify, they mean that the 
Soviet Union can no longer launch 
a blitzkrieg attack into We tern 
Europe. 

"Even if Leonid Brezhnev wa 
to rise from the dead and take 
control of the Soviet Union, he 
would have a tough time finding 
hi way through Ea tern Europe 
into We tern Europe," he aid. 

Gaffn ydi agreedwithKorb's 
view that the U SR i no longer a 
viable threat. 

"Sini terprogre i being made 
toward long tanding Soviet ob-
jective which we have hi tori-
cally held a antithetical to our 
intere t :' he aid. 

ee BUDGET, page 7 



'"'1)l1f" U C SD NEWS 
Women and Media Symposium to 
Feature Linda Ellerbee Lecture 

Emmy Award-winning television commentator, po-
litical observer, and author Linda Ellerbee, will deliver a 
free public lecture Friday at 7:30 p.m. in the Price Center 
Theater. The lecture is part of a two-day symposi um titled 
"Women and Media: Roles and Representations." 

In addition to Ellerbee' addre s, panel discussions 
will feature several experts on women and the media who 
will di cuss how women are poncayed in print, on televi-
ion, and in film. 

The first panel , to be held at 3 p.m. on Friday, will 
discuss women and print. Wendy Griswold from the 
University of Chicago, a cultural sociologist, will be a 
featured panelist. Joining Griswold will be Sherley Ann 
Williams from UCSD' Literature Department and Eliza-
beth Long from Rice University. The discussion will be 
moderated by Michael Schud on, a cultural analyst from 
the UCSD Department of Communication, and will be 
held at UCSD Exten ion. 

Stanley Cavell from Harvard University and Tania 
Modleski from USC, two media analysts, will deliver 
lectures and participate in a discussion of women and film 
at 9:30 a.m. Saturday in Peterson Hall. 

Gloria Penner, a journalist with KPBS-TV, will join 
Cavell and Modleski. The panel 's moderator will be 
Helene Keyssar, a member of the Communication De-
partment. 

The two-day symposium is co-sponsored by the De-
pal1ment of Communication, Women's Studies Program, 
and Muir College. Ellerbee, in addition to her public 
lecture, will also address individual classes in her role as 
a UCSD Regents' Lecturer. 

Medical School Student Chosen 
For Research Scholarship Program 

Patrick McQuillen, a fourth-year student at the UCSD 
School of Medicine. has been selected to participate in the 
Cloister Program Class of the Howard Hughes Medical 
Institute-National Institutes of Health Research Scholars 
Program for 1990-91. 

McQuillen was chosen from 97 applicants represent-

Calvin and Hobbes 

TcO"'~ ~ 's 'f4 ~Nt> lEU.': 1. 
1-\/>,'1( />. '5I:)1l'4tNIR FRC\O\ M 
~FltRlIFt.· '(£S , 'i01J \48>.~D 
RIG\\.! £()U~U. 'i ~w..IING IS 

\o\~ Q'flt{ SIOR'i r:k 'i£S~~ 
~mRtl~ . 'II\\£N I KW~i 

PlEO 01' ~OOIll .' 

1\\<. ¥-IOS T'e.!>.'51:0 M£ '!\IU\ 
I PIPHT PLA 'i S~9C.8All 
WE. 1\1Ei ~E.LLE.O AI M~ 
WI<EN 1. DIO PlA'I . nlH-I 
nlE TI.!>.cl<E.R CMlf.ll Io\E. A 
"QUIN\<' Wf\8'\ t STOma 

PL/o.~1 <7 

W~l-\\ '\tl Pl~i 
C!>.l~I NBAll ? 

I W6 DoiNG ~~ 1\O\o\(WOR¥- , 
\41\£1' SlJOO£Nl'l I COllj>,I'S£Il.' 
[ ftl T "'~'5£lf RISING . MID 
1 CClIJlI> ~ Io\'i CR\Jl>'.P\.£O 
9:lOi 00 M R.OOR. 1. ORlflU 
UP IN j>, S~FT OF llGIH mil 
I Unt.R£1> nl( N£:tT ¥10Rl\) I 

, -~ 
l-' ,. { ~ j " 

ing 51 medical chools. Thirty...six students from 27 
medical schools were chosen for appointment to the class 
by a 16-member committee of senior NIH cientists and 
Howard Hughes Institute senior scientific officers. The 
1990-91 class will be the ixth group enrolled since the 
program' inception. 

McQu illen will have the opportunity to perform re-
search in the IH laboratory of his choice for one year. He 
has an interest in neurology and immunology, but has not 
yet determined what he will study at the NIH. He is 
currently at Beaumont Hospi tal in Dublin, Ireland, work-
ing with the Richmont Institute of Neurology and Neuro-
urgery. 

Author/Historian to Speak on China 
Historian Jonathan Spence will give a lecture on his 

recently-published book The Searchfor Modern Chillo on 
Friday at 7 p.m. in Pe terson Hall room 108. He will sign 
copies of the book fo llowi ng the talk. 

Hailed by the New York Times as "one of the most 
original and exciting historians writing now," Spence is 
the George Burton Adams Professor of History at Yale 
University. He is the 
author of eight pre-
vious works on 
China, including 
Emperor of Chilla: 
Self Portrait of 
K' ang-hsi, The Gate 
of Heavenly Peace 
(awarded the LoS' 
Angeles Times Book 
Prize in History), 
and most recently 
The Question ofHu. 

The Search for 
Modem China fol -
lows four centuries 
of Chinese history, 
from the decline of Jonathan Spence 
the Mingdynasty in theeady l600s to the lune 1989 sup-
pres ion of pro-democracy demonstrations in T iananmen 
Square. Publisher's Weekly has called the book " a signifi-
cant contribution to the history of our time." 

Admission to the event, sponsored by the Univers ity 
Bookstore, is free. For more information, call the book-
store at 534-3149. 

111 
. , 

~~N\IJ/o.U.~ , t'I, \\'<AIIT 
S1~RtUl P,Gj>,IN AND I 
CN<\ ilAC.'( 10 

lI~ ... BV' ~, 
£ri~ SRI INC, 
THIS I3fo,<'K ' 

by Bill Watterson 

C"IIIIo..-_V_C _NE_W_S_) 
Four UCSB Students Arrested in 
Animal Experimentation Protest 

SANTA BARBARA - Animal rights activists de-
manded that students have the option to "conscientiously 
object" to course work using animal experimentation during 
an Apri1 27 protest a t UCSB in which four demonstrators 
were arrested. 

Approximately 25 members of the group Animal 
Emancipation began the prote t at Cheadle Hall , where 
they presented a petition of 2 ,500 student and community 
signatures to Chancellor Barbara Uehling 's office. The 
petition and a set of written demands call for the student 
right to conscientiously object , as well as for the e limina-
tion of a UCSB color blindness study using baby primates. 

The group clashed bitterly with counter-protesters in 
front of Cheadle Hall . Animal Emancipation President 
Denise Ford assured onlookers, "We are here opposing 
violence and we will nOl by any means perpetuate it. " 

The counter-protes~ was led by several members of the 
UCSB Campus Libertarians. 

"We believe tha t the concept of extending polit ical 
rights to animals is ridiculous," Campus Libertarian Eric 
Strzepek said. "When you do that, you have to include 
yeast and bacteria. If you can compare the suffering of a 
white rat to the suffering of a child, the n not only are 
[animalliberationists] misguided, they' re immoral." 

After delivering the petition and written demands to 
the chancellor's office, protestors marched to the Psy-
chology building, where they met 10 demonstrators who 
were sitt ing on the roof di splaying a banner reading, "No 
choice fo r students. No choice for animals." 

After approx imately three hours of chanting and 
demonstrating, UCSB police officers intervened and 
warned those on the roof to disperse. Of the nine protest-
ers who remained o n the roof after the warn ing, fo ur were 
booked and taken to Santa Barba ra County Jail. according 
to a police spokesman. The four were jailed because they 
had been previously cited and released fo rthe same c rime, 
he said. Uehling was not on campus to acce pt the demands 
presented by Animal Emancipation, according to a UCSB 
public information office representative. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News EdiJor 
and Jason Snell, Associote NewS EdiJor 

GTheUCSD UAllDIAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
RC)UII MAC LEAN, IMnII{JIng Edlto, 
ANTON 8fTlNER, ,... EdilOr 
lEN BOYOIUK, ~ OpInion EdilOr 
DAVID BURKHART, OpIlIIon Editor 
DANA atAIKEN, Spom Editor 
JAMES COUlER, FNIu,.. Editor 
CATHER_ OILLE, He ... Editor 
RANDY DOTINGA, Copy Editor 
DOREEN EREHEA, ANOCUtr. ~.tu,., Editor 
LARA HEISLER, A8aocIate Arts/Entertal""",nr EdllOr 
PATRICIA JETTIE, Ana/E,,_lntnMt Edllor 
GAIL JOHNSON, ANOCMIa PrIolo Editor 
PETER KO, blOOlare Sporta Editor 
HELENA LEHG LOH, MIOCM" Anen_ln".nt Edlto, 
JEFF QUAN, Gnp'"" Editor 
JASON SNEll. Anociale New. Editor 
JE ... FER YANCEY, A • .oa.,. Ane"t_ln"",nt Editor 
AlIAS UZGlRIS, Photo Editor 
s.IIOr SIIII W ..... : Andrea /demaIl. MaryBetty Hew .Ch-istina HWar.Brian 
1Iow, DIMd W'fMI 
8IIIIW1IIIrI:JaMASIR:lon, MIlot 8ef1a, Waller Bi llS, Eli: BrosIo, Les 1!nrIc*I, Scott 
Cume<, Pilne de GaiIIIme, M'!Iinda HamilIon, Julio Hei,,",. Grace Lee. Adam 
lM<y, OM L.hIsIJom,JlrnesMuIIil«, Jo~ 0dln1Z. Marit PasIAImak. Oa'lid PoIicha, 
M&hw Ra:lband, Tom fluUli, NwJtrJo Robbins, Mall AQchios, Debbie Rosenthal, 
l.ior Roz ....... SrInaIh Sonda. Michael Sdlwarlz, Doug Shadde. linda SpIlIller, 
CIa S .... .... Suzuu. KIYIn Twer, NIcola WMehead, JeW Yamagucli 
PIIoIogo ..... :Mi:haaI AmieI, Grog Benes, Jennifer KoIsI<y, Cory l.!dschin, Ed Um, 
Ftn Wn, Sue M",,". Brion MoIrIs. Jaime MIMIoon, JaM CManl, Darryl Yee, 
Felix ZI>'lIga 
_ : Mk.CawIa, Mio Cooper, Tony Fuenl$S..;"m Lew, Mot Marcolo. Leigh 
Nne~, KaIy Roe, Tyrome Tripoli 
1'ypllla: Kari Bicbtt, 111. ...... FawI, Jin "'''ner 
Copy ..... ,,: Holy Coopet, Grog Huff>tmer, Julie PuZOfl, Jessle Springer 
ProductIoII: Tracy Brown. Grace Chti. Melinda HamoIlon, Charles Pari<. Cindy Woo, 
Jell Yamoguchi 
TrIIolng DhctOll: StIh Slaler. Oavd Wyner . 

BOB DeANDREA, Bu-'_, llatutflllr 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Adwrtt.l"ll Man., 
Ml(E MARTINEZ, Ad.,.rtlllrrg o../g"., 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CtUIIIfIH ".",...",.tlve 
AccoIInI _ 0aWI Wyntr 
AdvIrIIIIng AuIIIInI: Leanne ileIIxge 
etrwlltlon: Jotv1 Dando. Joe Lee. MIChelle Randall 
1M I£SDGootanMniB poiJIIIhod IIordaysn lRModays ~ Ihtacad""""yoat by and 
lor IhtsludenlS of UCSD Ropmduc:ton 01 tla""""PlPO' ~ .. ,loom. _ ~ _ 01 
.. pill, WIIhouI ponnlS&>On is IIncIIy p!aIlbtod. C 1990." rif11I r_. 
IMI£SDGuaIdioolionolr __ 1or1lwr.....,of""""""od~ .. 1II. Tho 
_.""'_ in ,.."..,...-.1 OtgIIICIltttllS" commtnlll ... do ""'-"'PI" rtnI'" opu>or1I oIIMUCSO ~ ... u.-srty"'~"" 01 IN Aasoaaiod 5*1. 
_ Ii UCSO. Go pIIcIcIy 1IIIItd$1 ... "* oro _ . My """.1iIIIrv rnt 

Editorial : 534-6580 Bulin",: 534-3466 Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD GUlmlilln, B-OI6, La Jolia, CA 92093 

Monday, May 7, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

GANN: June Ballot Measure to Change Structure of Gann Limitation 
Continued from page I 
gent enrollment caps created by a 
shortage of funds ." 

UCSA Pres ident Tracy 
Woodruff also has strong views on 
the consequences for UC students 
if the proposition doesn't pass. 

"The UC needs to at least 
maintain a nine percent annual 
growth rate to accommodate an 
ever-increasing student population 
and the relative affordability asso-
ciated with the UC system. The 
Gann limit's 6.7 percent will not 
accommodate that," she said. 

Woodruff said that if the propo-
sition does not pass, students can 
expectto see " an annual 15 percent 
to 20 percent fee increase instead 
of smaller and more incremental 
increases of three percent to nine 
percent. The proposals for the 
construction of the three new UC 
campuses will be shot down as 
well as any state or community 
college campuses." 

A third part of Proposition 111 
proposes an increase in the state 
gas tax. While the state gas tax is 
currently nine cents per gallon, 
Proposition III would cause an 
initial increase of five cents per 
gallon during the first year and a 
one cent increase every year for 
the next four year.>. This measure 
would equate to a nine-cent in-
crease over fi ve years, totaling 
approximately $18.5 billion, ac-
cording to the bill's authors. 

The funds accumulated from 
the gas tax would go toward "fi-
nancing transportation projects 
such as seismic repairs to free-

ways, bridges, and streets; high-
way and mass transit projects al-
ready authorized but not funded; 
expansion of local rail systems; 
and efforts to improve traffic flow 
with devices such as synchronized 
signals and freeway ramp signals," 
the proposition states. 

Supporters of the bill said this 
will provide funds for badly needed 
transportation projects without 
reducing the already depleted 
General Fund. 

Opponents to Proposition 111 
have expressed the concern that 
many of these measures represent 
an undue increase in taxes and 
"runaway government spending." 

Assemblyman Richard L. 
Mountjoy of the 42nd district, Los 
Angeles County Supervisor Peter 
F. Schabarum, and leading econo-
mist Arthur B. Laffer, have taken 
the lead in composing the ballot 
argument against Proposition 111 . 

According to the opposition, the 
proposition would cost every man, 
woman, and child at least $600 
over the next 10 years on a local 
level. 

At the state capital , the 
proposition's opponents fear that 
PropoSition 111 will give govern-
ment carte blanche approval on 
future tax hikes because of the 
proposition's guarantee that poli-
ticians will not have to come back 
and ask for permission next time to 
increase spending. 

Ted Costa, speaking on behalf 
of Assemblyman Mountjoy, said it 
is safer for the voters to have a pay-
as-you-go budget because the state 

can then raise money only when 
they need it. The destruction of the 
Gann Spending Limit, combined 
with the long term financial obli-
gation on voters in the form of the 
gas tax, will create spiraling gov-
ernment spending, Costa contin-
ued. 

Schabarum said "even with the 
Gann Limit, the State Budget has 
increased a whopping 100 percent 
since 1980. Just imagine what it 
would have been without such a 
spending restriction." 

"Our streets and highways do 
need improving; however, before 
[the government] digs its hands 
into your pockets even deeper, 
politicians should review our op-
erations of the State Depal1ment 
of Transportation to make our 
current tax dollars go further. If 
you approve Proposition Ill, the 
me sage you will be sending is 
clear: the politic ians can spend as 
much money as they want, and 
you don't mind altering your per-
sonal budget to pay for it," he said. 

Costa also pointed out that the 
Gann Spending Limit received 74 
percent of the vote in 1979 when 
state spending was not as high. 
This 74 percent was the largest 
margin of victory ever for a propo-
sition, he said. 

Costa holds the belief that the 
majority of voters still support the 
Gann Spending Limit. "It's the 
coalition against Proposition Ill's 
opinion that the majority of voters 
are still against runaway govern-
ment spending. The addition of 
the reformulation of the Gann 

• LINDA ELLERBEE 
Emmy Award-winning television commentator, 
political obseroer, and author 

Limit was just a ploy of special 
interest groups and does not en-
compass a majority of the popula-
tion," Costa said. 

Students interested in the highly 
controversial Proposition III can 
attend a public forum in Galbraith 
Hall room 1438 on Tuesday, May 
22 at 6:30 p.m. Glen Sparrow, pro-
fessorofPubl ic Administration and 

Urban Affairs at San Diego State 
University, will lead a panel dis-
cussion of local public officials 
and civic leaders representing a 
variety of perspectives on Proposi-
tion Ill. 

A second forum will be held 
Tuesday, May 29 at 6:30 p.m. at 
the California State University, San 
Marcos. 

Apply Today! 
Applications are now being accepted for the following 

positions for the staff of the 1990-91 UCSD Gu~rdi~n: 

Managing Editor 
News Editor 
Associate News Editor (3) 
Opinion Editor 
Associate Opinion Editor (2) 
Features Editor 
Associate Features Editor (2) 
Sports Editor 
Associate Sports Editor (2) 

Arts/Entertainment Editor 
Assoc. AlE Editor (3) 
Photo Editor 
Assoc. Photo Editor (2) 
Copy Editor 
Assoc. Copy Editor 
Graphics Editor 
Training Director (2) 
Design Editor 

Applications for all positions except Design Edi-
tor due 5 p.rn.Wednesday, May 9, atthe Guardian of-
fices. Design Editor applications due 5 p.m. Saturday, 
May 19. All applications should include a resume, 
cover lener, and clips, and should be placed in the 
Editor in Chief's box. If you wish to rnail your appli-
cation, send it to the UCSD Guardian, c/o Phil Gruen, 
B-016, La 1011a, CA 92093. Questions? Call the 
Guardian at 534-6580, 

GREAT 
DEALS ON 

FILM DEVELOPING 
Friday, May 11, 7:30 p.m. 
Price Center TIIeat,e 

Get double prints of every color roll-every day! 

as part of a two-day symposium sponsored by 

Muir College, Communication Department, 

and the Women's Studies Program 

• "Women and Media: 
Roles and Representations" 

FrlfMy, "'ay 11 
3-6 p .... 
UCSD ExNaIon 
• "WOmeft hi Pri",· 
panel featuring Wendy Griswold, 
Univers ityof Chicago; Sherley 
Ann Williams, UCSD, EUzabeth 
Long, Rice University; and 
Michael Schudson, UCSD (mod-
erator) 
panelists su bjecl 10 cbange 

....... y,IIIay12 
-=30 a.III.-12:. p.m. 
".,.,."" Hall 
• "'WonteJI tn FUm" 
lectures and discussion featuring 
Tania Modleski, USC; Stanley 
Cavell Harvard UniverSity, Helene 
Keyssar, UCSD; and Gloria 
Penner, KPBS. 
2:"'".,.. 
To be announced 

FREE AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC 
for further information, call UCSD at (619) 534-7127 

Standard Extra 
size large 

12 expo 24 prints 

r99 f47 15 exp, 30 prints 3.79 4.39 24 expo 48 prints 4.99 5 .95 36 expo 72 prints 6 .99 8.43 
Spring Special 

May 7-11 
Free 5 x 7 color enlargement with 
any roll developing and printing. 
(Offer good from color negative only. No slides. No limit.) 

THE SUNSHINE ·STORE 
Hours: 
Monday-frid~ 7 a.m. - 10 p.m. 

Saturaay 9:3'0 a.m. - 10 p.m. 
Sunday 9:30 a.m. - 6 p.m. 

l \1\Il\SI iY 

LJCSLJ 



4 OPINION T he UCSD Guardian Monday, May 7,1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN. Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN, Managing Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
A TO BITT ER, ews Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

TM UCSD GuardiQII 1\ pu~,-.hcd ,'Wke Wttkly:u the Unhef'SilyotC:lliromll, Sun Diego. ConteniS 0 1990. 
Vicwsu~std htrtin rt~llht n~jority voceo(thc cdhon:a\ board ,lU\d ~ not nccess.uily .hcbeoflM 
UC Board of RegentS., the ASUCSD. nor the (nlire GlIllI'dian ~.rr 

Proposition 111 
The Means to a Good End 

Voters this June will once again be bombarded with dozens of 
ballot initiatives. Student voters should pay special attention to 
Proposition Ill , " The Traffic Congestion Relief and Spending 
Limitation Act of 1990." Despite any implications its name 
might possess, Proposition III will significantly lower student 
fees if it passes. 

Actually, Proposition III will have a drastic effect on every-
body. An important part of the proposal involves a gas tax 
increase from the present level of nine cents per gallon to 14 cents 
per gallon as of August, 1990, plus an additional one cent per 
gallon increase per year over the next four years. 

The proposition would also raise the Gann Spending Limit 
from its present level by two percent. The Gann limit was passed 
as Proposition 4 in 1979 to curtail what was perceived at the time 
as rampant spending by the state government. 

Under Proposition 4, the annual budgetary growth was limited 
to 6.9 percent a year. The Commis ion on State Finance has said 
the limit is an anachronism; in order to maintain existing pro-
grams and services, the state needs at least a 7.7 percent increase 
per year. Proposition III would raise the limit to 8,7 percent. 

The purpose of Prop III is simple: bring in needed revenue (an 
estimated $18.5 billion over five years) to make even more 
needed road improvements. The proposal states that the income 
would be directed towards the construction of new freeways and 
highways, structural improvements on freeways and roads to 
meet state seismic standards, and providing funding for desper-
ately needed public transit systems throughout the state. 

Raising the present gasoline tax, however unpleasant that may 
be, is a clever mean to a needed end. By creating a new source of 
revenue, the state will be able to make vital road improvements 
without putting more strain on the state's nearly exhausted 
general fund. 

Furthermore, by raising the Gann limit, the state budget will be 
able to accommodate important programs at a level appropriate 
to the economic situation of the 1990s, rather than being limited 
to the conditions of 1978. 

How does this affect students? Quite simply, by unburdening 
the general fund with this new source of money and raising the 
budget's growth limit , students will not be victims of exorbitant 
fee increases. 

The University of California, among other programs concern-
ing health, education, and welfare, competes for 60 percent of the 
general fund. The present Gann limit cannot accommodate the 
constant growth of the UC popUlation, nor its need Lo maintain a 
reasonable level of affordability. 

The present situation dictates that the UC maintain an annual 
fiscal growth rate of nine percent. If it cannot meet that rate, 
student fees will go up. 

If Proposition 111 passes, the UC would be relieved of a great 
deal of financial pressure. As new revenue literally pours in, 
student fee increases would remain at a reasonable level. 

If Proposition III fails, students will certainly feel the conse-
quences in their pocketbooks. 

Tracy Woodruff, president of the University of California 
Student Association, claims that if Proposition II 1 does not pass, 
students cou ld see massive annual fee increases, ranging from 15 
to 20 percent, as opposed to smaller and more reasonable in-
creases of three to nine percen!. A 15 or 20 percent fee increase 
may especially hurt those UC-eligible students who don 't qual-
ify for financial aid by making the university unaffordable. In 
addition, without the additional revenue from Proposition I I I, 
the UC's plan to construct three new campuses would have to be 
put on hold due to lack of funds. 

Although many people fear that raising the Gann limit could 
cause a spending frenzy, it is important to keep the situation in 
perspective. The limit is being raised by a mere two percent, far 
different from the potential 20 percent raise in student fees. It is 
essential that the Gann limit is rai sed , or student fees will go up. 

Nobody likes to spend money . Nobody likes taxes, especially 
the taxes that affect those of us who own automobiles. Student 
voters ultimately have the choice: pay a few pennies more at the 
gas pump or a few hundred dollars at the Cashier'S office. 

For the student voter, the choice is c lear. If student fees are to 
stay low, Proposition III must pass. 

Third's Name Proposal Is Result of Apathy 
Editor: 

The Third College administra-
tion is really going to go through 
with it. They are really going to 
change our name. We, as Third 
College students, just sat around 
and let the administration do it. 

What happened to student ac-
tivism and striving to make your 
voice heard? Isn't that one of Third 
College's philosophies? In my 
opinion, Third College students 
have become apathetic. 

At the end of February, I went 
door-to-door and asked Third Col-
lege students if they wanted to 
keep our name "Third." Of about 
60 students asked, less than 10 
wanted a name change. Most were 
adamantly against the renaming. 
So where were these students when 
we had a chance to voice our opin-
ions? 

Wehadampleopportunity. We 
were asked to submit names (in-
cluding "Third"), and very few of 
us did so. We had over a hundred 
people at our town meeting, but 
compared to the entire Third popu-
lation, turnout was minimal for 
such an issue. Very few of us 
actually thought our name would 
ultimately change. So most of us 
sat around, content with the status 
quo. 

While some students admira-
bly made an effort to assert their 
positions, most of us sat on our 
butts and did nothing while part of 
our memories of colle~e - our 
name - slipped through our fin-
gers. 

I don 't blame Provost Cecil 
Lytle nor the Naming Committee. 
They did their jobs and did them 
well , giving us every opportunity 
to voice our opinion. I blame the 
Third College student population, 
myself included - for I was part 
of the population who neither went 
to the town meeting nor submitted 
a paper. It ' s been two months since 
I talked with Mr. Lytle about this 
issue. I feel obligated to thank 

BENSON 

him. Not for starting this whole 
renaming process, but for graphi-
cally demonstrating that people 
who sit on their butts and do noth-
ing about important issues lose 
out. 

One of the plimary reasons for 
going to college is to learn hard 
lessons. This whole renaming 
incident taught myself, the Third 
College students, and graduates a 

hard lesson. Next time, I hope our 
student population won ' t be so 
apathetic. 

Michael W. Barraclough 

Editor's note ,' Third Col/ege 
has not yet officially changed its 
name,pendingfurtherdiscussion. 
Martin Luther King Jr . Col/ege 
was the most popular choice of a 
referendum on the A.S. election 
ballot last month. 

Putting a Non-Issue to Rest 
Editor: 

This letter is in response to 
everyone involved with and/or 
concerned aboutthe "photograph" 
issue and Spike Lee. 

The only "us vs. them" in this 
case was the press vs. the general 
public. Members of the press (of 
either sex, any religion, and all 
races) are always the only people 
allowed into events with cameras, 
recorders or cam-corders. This 
restriction is part of the artist's 
contract and unless the artist ex-
plicitly gives us instructions to the 

contrary, we are bound to uphold 
it - it 's standard procedure. The 
truth is, artists like having the 
media on site and whatever an 
individual's personal feelings 
about the press may be, publicity 
is a necessary fact of life in the 
presentation of performing arts. 

The saddest thing about this 
whole matter is that so much ran-
cor and ill-will has been generated 
over what was, in fact , a non-
incident. 

Ruth Baily 
UCSD National Issues Forum 

Research Does Save Lives 
Editor: 

As I was reading the Guardian (April 30),1 was outraged by the 
audacity of the so-called" Animal Rights Activists" and their un-
reasonable demands upon the scientific community. 

Twenty years ago, when I was seven, I had a kidney transplant. 
It was because of animal research that such an operation was 
perfected. Furthermore, the drugs which kept my immune system 
from attacking - and eventually destroying - tbe transplanted 
kidney were also tested and perfected using animals as test 
subjects. And even the dialysis machine. which kept me alive until 
I was well enough to undergo surgery. was tested and perfected 
using animals. 

On Feb. 28 of this year ,I had my second kidney transplant after 
a long bout with rejection. I was very anxious when I was admitted 
to the hospital. However, in 20 years there have been many 
significant changes in the procedures and the medications used. 
This can be attributed to animal research. I was back home after 
being in the hospital for only seven days and back to work after 
being out for only 19 days. 

I am extremely thankful there has been animal research. J can 
honestly say that I am alive and well because of it. 

Donald A. Stuber 

Monday, May 7, 1990 The UCSD GU3.rdian OPINION 5 

GUAknIANCl -up 

The UCSD Conspiracy: Big Brother Wants a New Condominium 
By JAMES COLLIER, Features EdiJor 

"In my college career at UCSD, ] 
have lcarned one important thing: 
Administration conspiracies are every-
where," a "student" named Mike told 
me. "The administration is screwing us 
over, and we golta SCrew 'em back." 

!llikc ain't nuts - he's just a little 
paranoid. He 's one of the many people 
who believe UCSD'sadministration has 
a bone to pick with students. 

For example, you may have heard 
stories about students who place shaved 
pennies into parking meters. But Mike 
said these "students," however. aren't 
students at aU - they're university em-
ployees out to drive parking fees up. 

Perhaps you've even had friends or 
roommates who boast of their ability to 
jam meters, but, most likely, that person 
is a spy out to expose subversive ele-
ments here at UCSD. 

Spies? Mike told me they are always 
the people you'd least expect, as well as 
the ones you'd suspect as well. 

It could happen. 
If there is a conspiracy, it would 

explain many things. Like the video 
cameras in the Price Center, or the lab 
partner for a science class who doesn't 

seem to know w hat's going on. A conspir-
acy would even explain why parking seems 
to be moving farther and farther away from 
campus. 

Why all of the strange tactics? Well, ac-
cording to Mike, it's quite simple: The ad-

who, for one reason or another, drop out of 
school. Here ' s a tidbit of information Mike 
gave me: the people who graduate or drop 
out - they're in on tbe conspiracy. 

It could happen. 
Perhaps you're one of the real students, 

Perhaps the next logical question is: Why get 
rid of all the students? What could you possi-
bly do with exclusive beachfront property 
with buildings that could very easily be con-
verted into condominiums? 

ministration doesn't want students here. 
Consider this "statistic": Of the 15,000 

plus students here, only about half are ac-
tual students. According to Mike, the other 
half of the student population is "on the 
university payroll, and determined to get 
real students out." 

You say these allegations can't be true? 
Well, consider this: Every year, hundreds 
of students from UCSO's five colleges leave 
this school supposedly having earned some 
fonn of education. Also, there are students 

and you're saying to yourself: "They won't 
get rid of me." Mike said tbe admi nistration 
most certainly will try. 

Mike explained that first you'll get a 
notice in the mail after T-Reg that'll say 
you've already taken a class that you are 
sure you haven't taken. Then, in a week or 
so, you'll receive a call from a college 
counselor who says you've completed all 
of your graduation requirements. Suddenly 
the school is retuming your fees with a 
diploma and a letter that says: "You're a 

college graduate. Go get a job!" 
Mike said don't let them fool you-

go to class anyway. 
Perhaps the next logical question is: 

Why get rid of all the students? What 
could you possibly do with exclusive 
beachfront property with buildings that 
could very easily be converted into 
condominiums? 

Mike had no explanation. 
Butfight the conspiracy, he told me. 

and don ' t graduate. 
And if you happen to meet anyone 

who is interested in anending UCSD tell 
them: "The parking's cheap, the classes 
are easy-and the administration? They 
just love students." 

That'll screw up the administration's 
conspiracy. 

Perhaps after you read this article 
some "friends" might say: "That was 
one crazy story in the Guardian, wasn't 
it?" 

Butdon 't trustthern-they' re proba-
bly ill on it. 

The UCSD Guardian Close-up ap-
pears every Monday and;s wrilten by a 
different stll//member each week. 

True Victory for Women's Studies Lies in Quest for Ethnic Unity 
Editor: 

[ found Ms. Saponara's analysis (April 
30) of the need for a gender studies require-
mentwithin the revised curriculum at Third 
College compelling. 

Having been a part of the struggle for a 
serious implementation of a variety of 
programs to meet the needs of women on 
campus (J was president of Women 's 
Caucus, a faculty and staff advocacy or-
ganization, from 1985-87),and having done 
what [ could over the 20 years I was em-
ployed at UCSD, a middle-aged white 
woman of little stature on paper, but pos-
sessing considerable writing and analyti-
cal skills, [tried also to improve theclimate 
for people of color at UCSO by standing up 
and being counted in significant ways. 

I have to defend the decision of Third 
College to focus on ethnic and Third World 
studies. [n a world where capitulation is 
often disguised by the slow erosion inher-
ent to serial compromise, the herculean 
task of moving the University of California 
in real ways to achieve racial and ethnic 
equity at all levels has time and again been 
sabotaged in thousands of compromises, 
orne of which have been innocent enough 

at the time, some of which have been 
deliberately promoted to "preserve the 
neighborhood." Other compromises are the 
outcome of a mindless bureaucratic proc-
ess inherent in a large univer ity where 
very few are willing to stand up and be 
counted, hiding instead behind anonymous 
committee reports and special favors 
granted at cocktai l panies. 

Any number of people of color on 
campus within all rank of student ,faculty , 
and staff have bargained in good faith, 
waited long interval for promises to be 
realized, bargained again in good faith,and 
waited some more only to come up with 
nothing at the end of years of hard work 
and years of listening to empty rhetoric 
which get pa sed along various chain of 
ommand. 

[rea lly don ' t believe the people of color 
on campus n ed to wait, bargain, or COIll-

promise any more. I think they have cur-
rently made the right decision, politically, 
intellectually, and academically, knowing 
by painful experience that there is little or 
nothing to gain and a lot more to lose by 
trying to bring in the gender issue, whether 
by curriculum, by hiring practices (women 
of color are fully aware that they have been 
used in affinnative action tactics because 
they are counted twice, a a per on of color 
and as a woman), or out of continuing 
neurotic goodwill . 

I do totally agree, however, with the 
need for a Women's Studies Department, 
for a serious institutional response to the 
needs of women at UCSD, whether it's the 
need for adequate I ighting and safety. more 
fuJI professors who are women, more 
women in the highest levels of administra-
tion, dealing with sexual harassment, or the 
ability to communicate in an academic en-
vironment that solicits the ideas of every-
one but Ii tens only to men, and most im-
portantly, the need that all women have to 
be credible. There has to be an institutional 
response to gender issues that is backed up 
by a proportional rxpenditure of funds . 
And there has been no serious demonstra-
tion of that at UCSD. 

But I also know that in order to get those 
things, the leadership has to develop among 
women with the support of men who have 
bothered to try to understand the issues. 
The consen us has to build, and the sophis-
tication has to develop that over and over 
again women have been sold out more 
often by the few women at the top who 
guard their token tatus by refu ing to work 
for effective changes, placating their male 
superiors in two ways: one by being a 
"good little affinnative action tati tic" and 
two, by never taking them elve seriously 
unless it improves the path of their career. 

They are master at image management. 
Rather than get angry at the people of 

color for developing a curriculum of their 
own, I think it is more productive to start 
looking around for some women on cam-
pu among the faculty, among the taff, and 

among the students who just might be will-
ing to stand up and be counted as women 
who care about themselves, enough to work 
for those gender issues that are critical to 
them. 

china, nor should they be taken care of by 
people of color. 

I can assure you that women's issues are 
not going to be taken care of by deus ex ma-

It's nobody else's task but ours, and 
some of us have paid a very high price to 
insist on our own equity. But then. so have 
the people of color. 

Elaine R, Brooks 

TAs Seek Ways to Lessen Work 
Editor: 

On Tuesday, May I, TAs representing the five college writing programs, Literature 
courses, and writing adjuncts met with Dean of Graduate Studies and Research Richard 
Attiyeh to discuss the TA workload crisis in the e programs. 

Dean Attiyeh insisted that the problem is a result of the combination of oversized 
curriculum and overconscientious TAs who spend too much time grading students' papers. 
In short, curriculum needs to becut and TAs need to spend less time with students' papers. 
We explained that many T As already institute curriculum cuts on theirown. cancel classes 
and conferences, and top writing comments on students' papers and are still working 2S 
hours per week. The only acceptable solution to this problem lies in reducing the class size 
or number of sections taught per week by each TA. depending on the nature of each 
program. In short. the administration needs to provide these programs with more T As. 

An administration decision to send the problem back to the programs by insisting on 
curriculum and other cuts would gut the content of these programs. abandoning under-
graduates' needs and turning UCSD wri ting programs into the laughing stock of the 
national university community. TAs want to eliminate their high workload but are not 
willing to stab undergraduates and faculty in the back in order to attain that goal. 

On Tuesday, May 8, Dean Atliyeh will meet with the council of provost concerning this 
matter. The Association ofStudenc Employees will hold a public meeting on the same day. 
from Ito 3 p.m. at "The Cove" in the Price Center and encourages all interested members 
of the univerSity community to attend and let us know how you feel about this issue. 

John Sullivan 

The UCSD Guardian welcomes your letters and commentaries. Drop 
your letter at the Guardian offices. Ion the second floor of the Student 
Center, above the General Store Co-op) or moil it to: 

Opinion Editor, The Guardian, 
B-016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Letters should be typed, double-spaced, and should include a signature 
and phone number. We reserve the 
right to edit letters for length and clarity. 
Deadline for letters for Monday's issue 
is noon on Friday. Deadline for 
Thursday's issue is noon Monday. 



6 

... -

--

_. 

-Ala ..... ' __ '79 
Albany, NY' '139 
AJe,ondrio.IA· '119 
Alteotow"' '139 
""","110' '79 
A_' '79 
AIIon'" '119 
ManncCity' '139 
"".M '119 
8o",rnore 'm 
Bango<' '139 
aoton Rouge '119 
8eournonVPor' A.r~' '119 
Billings '79 
linghomton' '139 
pi .... ",k '119 
Ionan '139 
kzeman '79 
BndgOPO<" '139 
BuRolo '139 

~'ngton. VT '139 
Cospet" '79 

Chey~nne' '79 
Chtc:ogoIMelgs' '119 
CNcogo.!O'Hore '119 
Clevelond '139 
Cody' '79 
College Slcnon' '119 
~,odo Spnng! • '79 
<:oIumbu$ OM '119 
Corpul ChnStl '119 
Doiloi/Fl w. .... '119 
Den ... er '79 
001, .. 'm 
Durango' '79 
E1mlfP' '139 
Ene' '139 
Formtngtol'l. HMO '79 
A,m' '139 
H,I_doIe '119 
fl. Myen '119 
GoI ..... • '79 
Grand Junction '79 
Grand Raptcb' '139 
Gullpof1j8olo,i' '119 
GuMl5On' '79 
Horlongeo '119 
Hamsburg} 

'New~ond' 
-

'139 
Ho,riotd/Sptingl)old '139 
Hau.1on '119 
Hyan"ils1 '139 

IndI~U, '119 
"",,,0' '139 
JoQwn Hole' '79 
JodIsomollle '119 
Kolamal.oo/8o". Creel!.' '139 
KonsosCdy '119 
Key Wes" '119 
Lafoyettc, V. '119 
lotte Cholies' '119 
LO"iI"9' '139 
laredo' '119 
lo,""', -.0 
loulsv,lIe '119 
lubbock' '79 
Moncheslet' '139 
Morotnon' '11'1 
Mortha s Vineyard' '139 
McAllen '119 
Moo", '119 
Milwoukee '119 
Ml"MOpoi l$f$t Pout '11'1 
M,no< '119 
Mluoulo '79 
Mobolo '11'1 
MonTrOse' '79 
Nantucket' '139 
Noplo.· '119 
New Hoven' '139 
New Orleans '11'1 
New Torit/loGuofdtO '139 
New Yo~/Newon: '139 
Notfolk VA '139 
North PkJtle' '119 
Oklahoma C"Y '119 
Omaha ' 11'1 
Orlando '119 
PenlO<oIo '11'1 
.... Iode."... '139 
-. 'JJ Ptene' '119 
Pilfsburgh '139 
Potllond ME '139 
Provtdenc:e '139 
Pveblo' '79 
Roptd e"y· '119 
R,verlQfl' '79 
IilOCMsler ·'.)9 
R«.5.pnngl' '79 
5os,noW '1)9 
Sol, Loke "'Y '79 
Son Ange~' '119 
Stln AnlonlO '119 
SoroloOto/6rodenlon '119 
xombtufJ' '119 
Sc:rontQn' '139 
_n' '19 
Shre"..,ort ' '119 
Sou'" Bend' '119 
5poIoOMl '79 
Sf. lou.! '119 
Steombc.ot S;wtng" '79 
Syrocu,.' '139 
lompo,lSl P.t.nburg '119 
.Hund.' '79 
1oIedo' '139 
lui", '119 
Vktono' '119 
Wolhington, D.C. '139 
Wlu' PoIm 8eoc:h '119 
WiChita '119 
'Norc.e,'", '139 

The UCSD G uardian 

• 

ISO, 

Continental announces outrageous 
student fares. $139 or less each way. 

~- ,t; t, d,;;:d r- ro ,'; Jr "t. I 11 nul!, ~ ,0 ... It', Ilille to lok(1 off lor the 
summer. And COIlIIi 1(1nto: ,"ants to g' ,(1 you ° breok, Wherever you're 
headed, there's a good chance you cor hiler 0 rode With U' For only ~139 or 
less per person eoeh "JOY And yoo (on bring along 0 froend of any oge 
lor the some proce. whether theyre In rhool or not. 

But don't procrasflnate. Yoo have to purchase flckets WIthin 24 hours of 

Monday, M ay 7, 1990 

making your reservoflon and no later than May 25, Pius travel must be completed by June 20, So coli your trovel agent or Continental at 
619·232·9155 or at 1·800-525·0280 for reservations. And as soon as you fintsh that lost exam, we'll get you oulta there. 

CONTINENTAL 
Working to be your choice. 

Monday, May 7,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

BUDGET: Defense Cuts Prompt Debate 
Continued from page 1 

Gaffney believes that it has been 
a long-teon Soviet goal "to be the 
imminent military and political 
power on the Eurasian land mass." 

According to Gaffney, some of 
the Soviets' long teon objectives 
include a "disruption or fracturing 
of alliances they view as hostile, 
such as NATO; having access to 
westem economic, financial, and 
technological resources; and main-
taining a buffer zone [of countries 
around the Soviet Union] through 
military installations and energy 
supplies." 

Gaffney advocated using 
America 's "considerable economic 
leverage- the financial , economic 
technology that Moscow so des-
peratel y needs - in a very surgical 
way to help those like theLithuani -
ans who are bent on bringing down 
the communist system. 

" In the meantime we must 
maintain our forces recognizing 
these challenges we face ... we are 
going to deal effectively with the 
wholesale conversion [from a mili-
tary to an industrial base]," he said. 

Dumas responded to Gaffney 's 
view of "sinister Soviet progress" 
with skepticism. 

"If abolishing the monopoly of 
the Soviet communist pany and 
making a number of other changes 
which none of us would have el(-
pected does not constitute radical 
reform, I don ' t know what it con-
stitutes," he said. 

According to Dumas, fiscal 
reality, changes in the Soviet Un-
ion, and the competitiveness prob-
lem of American industry all indi-
cate a need for deep defense de-
partment budget cuts. 

"Without very large tax in-

creases or slashes in federal soc ial 
programs larger than the public 
was willing to accept from the 
prev ious adm inistration, majorcuts 
in the military budget are highly 
likely. 

"In their absence there is virtu-
ally no prospect of balancing the 
federal budget in the foreseeable 
future . This isn ' t a question of 
ideology or political preference, it 
is fiscal reality," he said. 

According to Dumas, any seri-
ous attempt to revitalize American 
industry will requirean infusion of 
capital and technical talent into the 
flagging civi lian industries. 

There is virtually no prospect 
of achieving this without redirect-
ing a significant fraction of these 
cri tical resources from the mili-
tary tocivilian research and devel-
opment, he said. 

Dumas emphasized that there 
are several obstacles to transition 
that must be confronted in order to 
protect military defense contrac-
tors , their employees and defense 
dependent communities such as 
San Diego against what he assured 
the audience would be an "el(ceed-
ingly painful shift." 

He said he sees a need to em-
phasize employee retraining and 
product reevaluation, a plan which 
would ease the transition for com-
panies currently involved in mili-
tary production to industrial pro-
duction. 

Dumas el(plained that one of 
the major differences between 
military and civilian industry is 
that defense contractors only serve 
the needs of the U.S. military, while 
nature, property and price of out-
put are deteonined by impersonal 
market forces in civilian compa-

nies. 
Hughes Corporation President 

Richardson objected to Dumas' 
call for a transitional plan . 

"Industry doesn 't need a plan 
for transition. We don' t need to be 
saved from the hurt - we need to 
focus on the goal of gelling back 
to world leadership in industry," 
Richardson said. 

He said that Hughes currently 
does 80 percent of its work on 
military projects and 20 percent 
on non-military projects, but plans 
are being made to change that 
ratio to 60 percent military and 40 
percent non-military in the nel(t 
decade. 

On the question of whether or 
not U.S. technology should be sold 
to competing nations , Richardson 
said keeping our technology to 
ourselves is detrimental because a 
specific technology has a life of 
two or three years before it is 
replaced with "something that 
does the job better in halfthe time." 

Richardson emphasized the 
serious need for new " technical 
talent " in order to revitalize 
American industry. According to 
Richardson, "matriculation into 
science, math, and engineering is 
dropping off drastically." 

The forecast is that there will 
be a shortage of700,OOO scientific 
professionals by the end of the 
decade, Richardson said. 

Bagley noted that the main 
position shared by the participants 
in the panel was that the world's 
future is uncertain. 

"We don ' t know what is going 
to happen in the world, and that 
has always been true, so we al -
ways have to take some chances," 
Bagley said. 

UCSD POLICY FORU M 
To provide the San Diego community 
with opportunities to expiQre important 
public policY issues drawing on the 
expertise of UCSp faCulty and 
distinguished off-campus experts 

Adjusting to the End of the Cold 
War: Economic Implications 
for the State and the Nation 
Division of Social Sciences and Department of Economics 

With the recent political shifts throughout Europe, the United States is 
determined to reduce its overall military spending-on troops, on weapons, 
and on research and development. These expenditures in the past have 
played a major role in California's robust economy. The panelists will 
discuss the probable economic consequences of expected defense reduc-
tions for both California and the San Diego region and speculate on possible 
new directions. This session will be moderated by Mich. ' RothSChild, 
Professor of Economics and Dean of Social Sciences at UCSD. 
Presenters: 
James Hosek, head of the Economics Department for the RAND Corpora-
tion, Santa Monica, is a specialist in defense manpower economics. Dr. 
Hosek's current research includes alternative policies for drawing down 
force strength among othet facets of military manpower supply and he has 
published widely on military manpower and budget topics. He is also editor 
of The Rand Journal of Economics. which publishes theoretical and applied 
articles concerning industrial organization, regulation , law, and economics. 
LlJrry Kimbrell, Professor of Business Economics and Director of the 
Business Forecasting Project at the Graduate School of Management, 
UCLA, directs a staff of ten who publish quarterly forecasts on the California 
economy covering hundreds of economic indicators. He has achieved the 
second highest average forecasting accuracy record over the last decade 
and is a widely recognized researcher and consultant. 

Monday, May 7, 7:30 p.m. 
Price Center Theater 

Questions? For IddItlonellnformllllon, pIeaH contlCt the DIvision 01 Social Scilnc:es, 534-6073 

H you have RECENTLY had 
any Infectious or Sexualy 
T ransrril!ed Diseases, you 
may quaify kl EARN CASH 

and ~ 1:5 ~ 01hels. 
FOR FREE TESTING • MORE 

IfFOAllAllON CALl 

NEWS 7 

WANT TO 
EARN MONEY? 
BE A C'APE RUNNER! 
Flc"ihk hour~ . Il'lllporary job. only 4 

wccb long. ('h eel-.. Ihc jon board NO W 
and drop in for all inlcn iew at CAPE. 

Q-314534-2668 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 7, 1990 

Features 

Photoarapb by David Mandetman 

Face i 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Grove's Expansion Will Allow People to Be Able 
to Have Breakfast, Lunch, or Dinner at the Cafe 
• Story by Rebekah Young 
Guardian Reporter 

It seems the same. People are waiting 
in line chatting amiably while the smell 
of coffee fills the air. A musician is 
strumming her guitar and singing on the 
patio as people relax in the shade sipping 
their cappucinos. But there are twice as 
many coffeemakers, more pastries to 
choose from, an expanding menu, and 
an inside restaurant to enjoy it all in. It's 
still the Grove Caffe - only bigger. 
After many setbacks, the long- awaited 

Grove Caffe expansion opened on April 
17. 

The Grove addition, directly above 
andadjacentlo the original Grove Caffe, 
is now including ice cream,and lunch 
dishes, as well as the same pastries and 
diverse coffees that were available origi-
nally. According to Assistant Manager 
Molly McKay, by the end of the year the 
Grove expansion "will be a full-run 
restaurant with breakfast, lunch, and 
dinner entrees." 

The menu is being expanded on a 

weekly basis, Manager Benny Singer 
said. The old Grove will remain open 
and will be a place for quick coffee pick-
ups and basic pastries, he added. 

According to employees, student 
reaction has been favorable so far, though 
the expansion was criticized at fi rst by at 
least one person. 

"One person said it sucked," Singer 
said. "[He] said it was slower than the 
downstairs [the old Grove], but we'd 
only been open for about 10 minutes." 

See GROVE, page 9 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Writer George Szanto Reads Stories Dealing With Mexican Culture 
"The issue of story telling is the (that are interpretations of the ers through his style. One listener Szanto commented, "There were 

By GRACE CHUl 
making of the Mexican culture. An writer]? compared the writing style of this only two other gringos back then GULlrdian Reporter 
entire civilization was built by tell - "It is a risk to write a story book to its title, The Underside of when I was there. They probably 

Reading his latest book aloud ing stories," Szamo said. down," Szanto commented. "You Stones. thought I was crazy that I just sat 
here Thursday, literary award- Incorporating many oral Mexi- give great legitimacy to words. We "Was Szanto trying to prove a there in my house. 
winning author George Szanto can tales into his book, Szanto said, are very hubristic . Somehow, with point that his book was different?" " I don't like the Mexico that 
treated listeners, mostly of an older, "Some of the stories ( actually words we can capture orne real- asked one person. other authors write about. They 
educated group, to a sample of his heard, and others are stories I wish ity. In oral culture, you have a Based partly on his own experi- bring down their own ' baggage' 
collection of short stories, The I had heard." greater sense of reality, but stiJJ ences in Mexico, the short stories when they go down, and they know 
Uflderside of Slones. Concerning oral history, Szanto that is lacking. Different people focus on the acceptance of a the truth and try to impose it upon 

Taking place in the small vil- wonders about the companson of select different word choices," he "gringo" in a small, provincial the natives. I went down knowing 
lage of Michacljaro, Mexico, the "the basic oral culture to a literary added. Mexican town. The person is a . nothing. I didn ' t go there to write 
stories capture the importance of person who writes it all down. Are Szanto's writing style has been newcomer to the town and through- about Mexico, but a novel," Szanto 
storytelling in the foundation of a the words told by the storyteller described as tongue-and-cheek and out is looked upon warily. explained. 
civilization. 10 t by writing it down in set words some say he criticizes other writ- Concerning his own experience. See SZANTO, page 9 

Monday, May 7,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

GROVE: Sales for Coffeehouse Have Increased 
After Opening Additional Serving Facility 
Continued from page 8 

Since then, the Grove has hired 
more employees, and both Grove 
Caffes are open forbusiness, Singer 
added. 

"Now it's fine; everyone's 
working harder ... The general feel -
ing is that people are glad we're 
finally open," he said. 

Customers like the changes to 
both the lIpstairs and the down-
stairs Grove Caffe, according to 
McKay. 

"People in a hurry who need a 
quick fix of coffee like the down-
stairs and people have been im-
pressed with the decor and serv-

, People in a 
hurry who need a 
quick fix of coffee 
like the downstairs 
and people have 
been impressed 
with the decor and 
services of the up-
stairs' 

-Molly McKay, anis-
lant manager, Grove Caffe 

, I think it's good 
that they didn't 
have to destroy 
any of the old to 
get the new, 
wh ich seems to be 
popular on this 
campus.' 

--Gntg Coleman, student 

ices of the upstairs." McKay said . . 
When it comes to student ap-

proval, the proof can be seen in the 
profits. According to McKay, sales 
have increased by $200 to $300 a 
day since the opening of the up-
stairs cafe. 

According to Ron Carlson, di-
rector of the Student Center, the 
delays for the opening were due to 
unexpected details involved in 
opening a larger cafe. 

"We had a large number of ap-
pliances that were added [for the 
new menu items], and then of 
course we had to increase the 
amount of electrical service," he 
said. 

The delays were due to normal 

operational setbacks, McKay said. 
"We just didn't realize how long 

it would take," she added. 
The idea forthe renovation came 

during the building of the Price 
Center, Carlson said, and in early 
1988 plans were in the works to 
renovate the Student Center, in-
cluding the Grove. According to 
Carlson, a remodeling fund of 
$750,000 was set up for the entire 
Student Center, which was even-
tually "whittled down" to 
$500,000. 

The money put into the Grove 
expansion and renovation was 
broken up into three parts. A total 
of $53,000 for the fund was ear-
marked for plumbing, electrical 
work, and wall removal. About 
$48,000 came from the Associated 
Students and the University Cen-
ter Board as an investment in the 
Cafe, and $27,000 came from 
Grove Caffe income and was used 
for "extras," according to Carlson. 

Carlson said that the Grove ex-
pansion went 10 percent beyond 
the allowed budget, "which is not 
too dam bad for a remodelingjob ... 
things notorious for going over 
budget." The budget changed as 
plans for the expansion grew, and 
much of the overall cost was for as-

BASKEIBALL OR SOCCER· YOUR CHOICE! 
'" 

SUN GOD INDOOR 
SOCCER 

TOURNAMENT 
SATURDAY & SUNDAY, 

MAY 12-13 

Intramural Indoor Soccer 
Tournament 

RecGym 
Roster size -

6 person 
• • minimum 

Entry fee-
$10 

Divisions -
Men's open 

(open to all) 
Men's 

O limited division· 
no IC or 

club 
Coed open division 

Format - single 
elimination 

Contact person -
Scott Berndes, x44037 
Tournament schedules 

will be out Friday, May 
11-2pm 

Sign-ups and details at Canyonview, UCSD Campus Recreation, x44037 

" ~UI RICIMIIon 

, It's a conven ient 
place to stop for 
coffee. [The Grove 
Caffe is] in the 
center of campus. 
It's a low-key, cas-
ual atmosphere.' 

-Mally McKay 

besto~ removal, Carlson said. 
Even though the renovation cost 

went beyond what was originally 
planned, prices will not be raised, 
Singer said. 

The money earned by the Grove 
goes "right back to the students," 
McKay said. Carlson explained that 
the Grove is an Associated Stu-
dents enterprise, wh ich means that 
its profits are split "50-50 between 
the A.S. and the University Center 
Board after expenses are paid." 

The Grove is also entirely stu-
dent run, which differentiates it 
from the other cafe on campus, 
Espresso Roma, according to 
Singer, who added that he felt no 
competit ion between the two cafes. 

"We serve two different crowds. 
See GROVE, page IS 

FEATURES 9 

SZANTO 
Continued from page 8 

"The local village func-
tions as an important part of 
the social life," Szanto said. 
"Everyone identifies together 
to the same things and occur-
rences." 

The sociology of the vil-
lage no longer seems to exist 
in America, according to 
Szanto. 

"Writers have to travel to 
Mexico to find the provincial 
villages they are looking for," 
he said. 

"Mexican readers (of the 
book] will have to look back 
in their history to the provin-
cial past to relate," Szanto said. 
"Currently, writing has taken 
on a new function in Mexico. 
Now it serves as a way of get-
ting credentials for doing 
something else, something 
better." he added. 

Despite the fact Szanto 
wrote the book in English that 
was to be translated into Span-
ish, Szanto never saw a prob-
lem. 

"I tried to produce the 
rhythm of the character's 
speech. I can hear it, but my 
voice can't say it," Szanto said. 

Whether or not the tales 
have been properly placed on 

See SZANTO, page IS 



10 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian 

Shakespeare Reduced to Cliff Notes 
By MICHAEL SCHWARTZ 
SrajJWrirer 

obody would dare challenge 
the notion that William 
Shakespeare is the greatest Eng-
lish playwrite of all time. It is im-
possible for a peaker of our lan-
guage to avoid a knowledge of 
Shakespeare's plots and maxims. 

It is upon this collective knowl-
edge that the Reduc ed 
Shakespeare Company preys . 
These three men converged on a 
sold out Mandeville Auditorium 
last Wednesday night, presenting 

what wasdubiou Iy billed as "The 
Complete* Works of William 
Shakespeare," with a small note at 
the bottom: "*abridged. " 

These men are slapstick gen-
iu es, jumping around the stage 
with all the intensity of the Three 
Stooges . The show evoked a 
vaudevillean feel, including bla-
tant deviances from the plays to 
include fire -eating and accordian 
playing. 

Adam Long virtually stole the 
show, stuck mostly in drag as the 
female characters, with great tal -
ent in physical comedy and silly 

,-------------------, 

~~~~~§ : 
DDDLD9JLlOO@ I 

Quiz i 
We at Hiatus have really big hearts. This week, we willi 

give one lucky person a collectors' item, not available in I 
any store - the Heart compact disci It's simple. 

Just fill in the questionnaire, clip it out, and drop it into 
the envelope on the HIATUS office door in the Guardian 
offices, 2nd floor, Student Center. Entry deadline is 5 p.m. 
on Wednesday. 

1. How are the two women in Heartrelated? ____ _ 
2.what Blondie song features the line, "Once I had a love 
and it was a blast. . . "? ____ _ 
3. Where did Tony Bennet leave his heart? ____ :--
4 . What character on The Simpsons has a name that 
rhymes with "heart"? ____ _ 

NAME: ______ _ PHONE#: ____________ __ 

I Congratulations to last week's winner - GARY SALATA 
: Assorted Vinyl has graciously contributed the 
r prizes for this weekly quiz. 

~ ___________________ J 

years of 

TH[BATMAN .• 
Batman and [)etectlve comta available ae 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 Batboa Ave. 

Son Diego. CA 92117 
come< of BolboO & Clo lremont Dr 

• Next to Food Basket · 
(619) 483-4853 

675-8 N, Broadway 
Escondido. CA 92025 

Country Corner Shopping Center 
at Broadway & Washington 

(619) 745-5660 

expressions. Along with Jess 
Borgeson and Reed Martin (a 
UCSD alumnus), the perfonnance 
left the audience out of breath as 
they watched the trio run around 
and scream. 

What exactly is Reduced 
Shakespeare? The evening con-
sisted of a series of interpretations 
and compilation of Shakespeare's 
works. "Titus Andronicus" was 
reduced to a cooking show with a 
lovely human head pie, and 
"Troilus and Cress ida" was pre-
sented as a work of performance 
art. 

A definite crowd pleaser was a 
condensation of all the histories 
into a football game, ending with 
King Lear coming onto the field 
and receiving a penalty for being a 
fictional character. The Tudors 
won, for those of you keeping 
score at home. 

In contrast to these were sev-
eral rather bad bits of theater. 
" Romeo and Juliet" consisted of 
crotch grabbing and other sexual 
gestures, Sure, the Bard was 
bawdy. But is it really funny for 
the company to refuse to do "Co-
riolanus" because the name con-
tains the word "anus"? Likewise 
for the RSC 's "Othello," to be 
presented in rap becau e the cen-
tral character is a black man? 

Where the group gains its real 
achievement is in its rapport with 
the audience. The wall between 
audience and actor is consistently 
broken down. The female charac-
ters have a grotesque habit of 
running into the audience and 
vomiting before they die. In a 
stunning rendition of " Hamlet" 
(the highl ight of the evening), an 

~la!a/Jl ott~e 
Mandarin &c Szechwan Cuisine 

UCSD 
SPECIALS 
MOTHER'S DAY 
We will be open Sunday, 

May 13th for a 
specinl seafood buffet 

'ALLYOUCANEAT $3 e5 
LUllell Buftet 
(Moll.·Sat.) 

• DINNER SPECIAL $ , 00 
(allY dillller MO/l, -Thurs.) off 

3310 Govemor 457-3533 
(comer of Govemor I< Regents' 

kinko's' 
the copy-center 
457-3775 

8855 Ville Le Jolle Dr. 

Monday, May 7,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

ts Entertainfllent 
". 

, , '-

--

-

r 

audience member was chosen to 
play Ophelia and deliver her 
scream after Hamlet says "Get 
thee to a nunnery! " 

1 ,.-

/ 
./ 

/ 

--

laughed at, and not in any sense 
with, the playwright. 

The program asserts that "were 
Shakespeare alive today, hewould 
not only approve of their interpre-
tations of his plays, but that he 
would go bowling with them after 
the show." While this is highly 
doubtful, it did appear that almost 
anyone in the auditorium would 
have taken them up on the offer. 

Whitesnake to Slither Through San Diego 
By DER~K SCHAIBLE and TONY LO 
Contriblliing Writers 

Vandenberg admitted, "I don't read music, 1 ju t record my 
ideas on tape, which is the way I've been writing for as long 
as J can remember." 

Whitesnake i a meeting of musicians from all over the 
Whitesnake has a legacy all its own. In a recent telephone world, with members hailing from the United States, Holland, 

interview with the Guardian, Whitesnake guitarist Adrian Cuba, and England. Of this cultural diversity, Vandenberg 
Vandenberg stated confidently, "One thing that separates us laughed, "I get a few jokes about windmills and wooden 
[from o'h" bao"'J ;, 'h" we "'"'" fonh • "oli,;"" "" "" ,hoe'. b" .< >1, ""~" ...... , got """ggre"," 
been around since the '60s, with groups like the Who, the Yet, Vanden that there are very different 
Rolling Stones, Deep Purple, and Jimi Hendrix." musical styles b erican~ and Europeans, 

Vandenberg, who co-wrote all the songs on the new "Americ e blues-influenced and Europeans 
album, Slip a/the Tongue. with lead singer David Coverdale, fiVO 'I usic, but in the band we blend our influences 
was anxious to convey that he is not a "rock star," but an art~'st ~ e rse sound." 
and musician. " I write songs for myself, to suit m~cre . n asked how he was handling all the success, he 
needs, and for the collective good of the band," ied, "l ama musician and I write songs for myself. I enjoy 
Vandenberg. ~ painting, and I would be justas happy doing that for a living." 

While each of the musicians in ake s ighly Whitesnake has been around since the late '70s when 
respected in the ficld, Vanden ure e are no Coverdale decided to start his own band after leaving Deep 
problems because everyone in the nd n the downside Purple. They struggled for many years but finally received 
of large egos throughout their care . Everyone pulls their widespread commercial success with the band's self-titled 
own weight on stage and everyone's creative opinion is given 1987 album, which sold 10 milhon copies. The album boasted 
equal attention. the number one hit "Here I Go Again." 

Vandenberg began his musical career at the tender age of Despite the success ofthe album, turmoil within the band 
seven. "I tarted playing piano and later went on to the guitar. resulted in the dismissal of John Sykes (guitar), Neil Murray 
I used to write little songs for myself, and then I moved on to (bass), and Aynsley Dunbar (drums). Today's Whitesnake 
the more complicated stuff." Vandenberg, who is Dutch, consists of Vandenberg, guitarist Steve Vai, bassist Rudy 
started his own group, called Vandenberg, which was quite Sarzo, and drummer Tommy Aldridge. 
successful in Europe and the United States. CONCERT: Whilesnake. with opening .," Bad Englisb, at !he San Diego Sports 

Despite all of his experience in the music industry, Amlaon Wed .. ","y9. 8 p.m. Ticket"'lilable.t TickeIMaster. 

After being judged by her pro-
fes ional counterparts to be lack-
ing in subtext, the audience is 
broken down into the Id, Ego, and 
Superego to help her out. She ut-
tered a most fantastic shriek after 
hearing cries of "Cut the crap, 
Hamlet! My biological clock is 
ticking, and I want a baby now!" 

This all may sound very funny , 
but there is a dark side to all this 
merrymaking. While the actors be-
gin the evening by lamenti ng about 
"the pathetic lack of awareness of 
Shakespeare," they bring the au-
dience even farther from any level 
of understanding. 

Why Did Connolly Cross the Atlantic? To Get to tbe Other Side! 

The criticism thrown on the 
musical "Les Miserables" fortrivi-
alizing the work of Victor Hugo 
does not even begin to compare 
with what could be said about the 
Shakespearean massacre that 
occurred. The presentation 

By JUUE SHERMAN 
C Qntributillg Writer 

What were you doing in 1971? Chances are 
you were either learning to read or goi", to 
preschool Some of you ~ barely a glimmer 
in your parents' eyes. 

What wu Billy Connolly dOing in 1971'1 He 
embarked on two comedy tours of the United 
Kingdom. 1be ne"'t year, he ~Ieased Billy Con-
nolly Live. And so began the career of someone 
who is said to be the most popular comedian eyer 
to come out of the United Kingdom. 

From hi;B beginnings in 1971, Connolly contin-
ued to receive acclaim from around the world. He 
has played both CamegieHails-inNew Yorkand 
Dunfrimline, England. In 1986, he performed at 
Uye AId at WopIbIcy Stadiurt. He has certified 
sold ... cfoublo..pIIIti LPs ... until his ft!Cellt 
criticalIy-acclaimedHome Box OffICe special, very 
few Americans knew who Billy Connolly was. 

"Whoopi PresentlBilly Connolly," which aited 
onHBO in FebnIary. sparked a 'nationwide interest 
in his comedy. Connony bas the gift of being able 
to show his audience how hUIl~ everyday life 
really is ... witb an outrageous European twist. 

, Some say that the style of comedy in the United 
Kin&dom is different from that of the United States, 
and some may not quite "get it." But they seem to 
forget about shows like "Monty Python's Flying 
Cin:us" that have bcoome immensely popular in 
United Stales. 

Billy Connolly is taking the States by storm and 
be isn't stopping until he becomes a household 
name. He's a household name everywhere else he's 
been, so wby not here? 

COMeoy: BlHy ComoIIy II !lie UCSD MIadoYiIIe AudluJrium. on 
Wed., ","y I), II 7:30 p.1II. TlckeIIImiI1IIIc 11Il10 UCSD Bo. 0f!Ic:e 
and TIC'.IteIMuI« outIeI&. SIUdonI diIcouRI ricUIa abo availablc. 

M W F Guardian? 
The Guardian Business Office needs 4 advertising representatives and 2 delivery people with no 
morning classes on Mon .-Wed. ·Fri. Get rich, get experience, get on it! Call Michael, 534-3467. 

.T~H~E~:;;;~;;~~;!~~T~h~e~p~r~in~ce~lon R~view is the most 
PRiNCETON : effective GMAT prep course offered 
REVIEW _ today. C.lI now (or the facts. 

695 - 9952 
Sl'QI,SY /0' succ~'s 

~UIU_., ... u. EdIlC»~Tutqs.r.- - DJtalCil Yled- ,lbn.P\"-QIIN&" ... 

OUl'DOOlR SUMMlElR ]fOBS i i ~ 
Picinc People , the outdoor event specialist, is 

looking for high energy people to assist in their 
many outdoor events this summer. Positions range 

from recreation specialists to catering and food 
service personnel. Varied hours, mostly weekend 
days in local areas. Salary range: $5-$8 an hour, 
depending on skill a~d experience. 

An orientation meeting will be held ~ 
on May 12, at South Clairemont -; ;-

Recreation Center. . ...... 

For More Information, Call Ann at 587-1717 

GUADALAJARA 
SUMMER SCHOOL 

Thirty-Eighth year 

f) 
July 2 - August 10, 1990 

8pInd .. ~ ___ In beauIIIU 
a.d1lel_1NrOOg precac.J, 

..,wydwt Spenlih In the lJrlvenity 
of Arbon.'.lntenllv. program of 

lCGI'edIIed 1.Ildergr ...... 
IIId or ..... OOurMl. 
~_ of ~ 1nckIde: 

Bale • Intenllv. SpIufttt, 
Language • UI ...... Me,.,., Art. 
......, • o.no., BIIngu" Educ.1on, 

ttIIDfy, and Anlhropology. 

TIfpe 10 IU'I'OWIdIng __ 
and Mexloo City. 

T~: t640 
Room • Bo8Id In Me,... home: $580 

For 1rIormMIon. contad: Qua,...,.,. Summer School 
Dougl ... Building. 3111 

The Unlvemty of ArIzona 
TUOMn. AZ. 111721 

(802) 821-7551 
EEOfAA 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 11 

... 

As if you weren't poor 
enough ... Last month's releases 
by Sinead O'Connor and Public 
Enemy were only the tip of the 
iceberg. Once again, retail cash 
registers will be ringing with 
profits from numerous upcoming 
albums: Billy Idol's Charmed 
Life (May 1 ). Paula Abd"l's Shut 
Up and Dance (May' 8) , The 
Bangles' Greatest Hits (May 8), 
Madonna's I'm Breathless (May 
22), Andrew Ridgeley's Son of 
Albert (May 22) . The 
Pretenders' Packed (May 22). 
Soul II Soul's Vol.I/-1990-A 
New Decade (May 22), and The 
Pursuit of Happiness' One· 
Sided Story (May 29). 

Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for 
me ... More than 76,000 pirated 
compact discs were 
confiscated by the U.S . Federal 
Bureau of Investigation at U.S, 
Optical Disc. a manufacturing 
plant in Sanford, Maine. Perhaps 
the largest seizure of this type, 
the haul was valued at more 
than$1 million. Mostlyconsisting 
of "bestof"workcompiled by the 
plant , the product was 
manufactured by U.S. Optical 
Disc Inc., at the request of Tony 
Harrington and T.H.E . 
Company. The compact discs 
were scheduled to be shipped 
from the manufacturing plant to 
Japan where they would be sold 
as imports, according to the 
Recording Industry Association 
of America. Although no arrests 
have been made . the U.S . 
Attorney's Office in Portland, 
Maine. is reviewing the case. 

s 
Exactly how many CDs can you 
buy for $1 million. 

Cartoons on the Wall? ... The 
$6 million price tag for staging 
Pink Floyd's The Wall at 
Berlin's Potzdamer Platz July 
21 will be funded from the 
advance sale of concert rights. 
The show. which will be 
broad casted on both television 
and radio worldwide, will be 
fronted by Roger Waters, a 
former member of Pink Floyd, 
Although none of the other 
original members of the band 
will be performing, Waters is 
expected to be backed by a 
number of as yet unnamed 
guest stars . The concert is 
expected to draw a live audience 
of 200.000 , A 60-foot high and 
600-foot long wall will be rebuilt 
on the site of the Berlin Wall . 
There will be giant inflatable 
objects designed by cartoonist 
Gerald Scarfe ; planes and 
helicopters will also be involved, 
adding to what has been labeled 
as the ' world 's largest and most 
spectacular live event. " 

Newsflash!!Eric Claptonis 
not only interested in performing 
for beer commercials ... Last 
Thursday Clapton played an 
outstanding sold out show at 
the San Diego Sports Arena, A 
bit of trivia . .. Clapton ·s bass 
player is a UCSD graduate! 
Andyou thought this school only 
turned out science majors ... 

-Information compiled from 
Billboard Magazine. 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

HOURS: 11 - IO:30Sun,·Thurs. 
11-11 Fri, & Sot, 

LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd" Ste, 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

,,, 

\. 
\ NO 

, '\ y., " . 
. 

.' 
I. 
i -
; 

--------------------I 
I 
I 
I 
25% I O F F ~'Zct~:~ I large frozen yogurt I 

Void with any other offer, Toppings not incluc:led, Expires 5/13/90, I L ____________________ ~ 

r--------------------, I 

! 2 TANS 1 
I One for You, One fora I ~~~~ 
I I TRIM & TAN • UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct .• 455-0909 

Pacific Beach' Mission Vaney , Slate College' Sports Arena· Encinitas L ___________________ _ 

: Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
I European Body Wrap - Only $48 
I Not a temporary water loss. Reduce ceUte and stretch marks. Call 10/ details' 2nd 30 tall days $39,99 • Fnt·\1n8 cIlenls 

Ex",," elll90 ..I L _________ ~----------

.. .. 



12 The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 7,1990 

--Paid Adverrisemenr-

AS PROGRAMMING STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 
L'CHAYIM QUARTERLY needs an editor for 1990-1. (No exper1ence necessary) If 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • ro FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS. Interested, call Dave Green @ 452-1346, or leave a message at X46244. 
• • THE INTERNATIONAL CLUB Is going to Disneyland on Sat., May 12th 9am-9pm. 
• CALL THE A.S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-8433! • $23 Includes admission & transportation. Sign up @ the Int'I Ctr. In advance. 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •• GOLDEN KEY NATIONAL HONOR SQCIEU Is having a meeting on Tues., May 8th A.S. PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE MTG. @ 7pm In the PC Ubrary Lounge (directly above EDNA). All old & new members 

TUES., May 8th at 5:00 PM 
PRICE CENTER CONF. RM. 8 

A.S. FILM SERIES PRESENTS 
r lHE UTILE 

THURSDAY, MAY 10th ~ PC Theatre 
3 showings ~ 6:30, 9:00 & 11:00 ONLY $1.00!!! tix available @ the Box orc. 

ASSORTED 

welcome! 
ASIAN PACIFIC ISLANDER STUDENT ALLIANCE or UCSD Is proud to present Its 
2nd Annual Semi-Formal Ball -"Knights & White Satin" Fri., May 11 th 9pm- lam at 
Seller's Plaza, Pt. Lorna. The on sale nowl! Slngles-$8.00, Couples-$15.00. Come to 
the APSA ofc .. PC 2nd fir .. for more details. 
UCSD TRITON YEARBOOK-Senior Portraits May 7-11 In the PC Irvine Rm 8:30-
5:30pm. looking for Editors & Photo StafI for next year. All New StafI Members 
welcome. Come to our next meeting Thursday 4-6pm. In the yearbook ofc. , Rm 2 .413 
In the PC. Yearbooks are on sale now! Buy now-Don't walt til It's too late! 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• snJDENT/ALUMNI CONNECTION • 
• Get Involved with Alumni through Social events. • 
• • 
• Come to our next meeting!ll May 9th 4'» 4pm, In the PC Davis Rm. • 
• Look for our Ice Cream Cart on May 11 In the PC Plaza! • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

ALL GRADUATING CHICANOS/IUSPANICS/LATINOS : 
If you would like to participate In Chicano Graduation, meetings are held 

every Tuesday 4'» 4pm at the MECHA ofc. In the Prtce Ctr. 
For more Info, call the ofc. @ 534-4994 or call Rafael at 453-8255 

'1MY&R&8"F&D IN PIRAYING • "jt&V&IRIR& TIRAZAP 
W& WIIRIR PROVID& 'FI-I& 80fJMD 
OOHYAC'F: "jt08AIRIND 5'''-25i9 

OR IR&AV& A "FAP& A'F "jt&V&IRIR& TROV08"F OFC. 
("jt&V&IRIR& 1:IOOM TROGRAMMIHG "BOARD) 

• 

Monday, May 7,1990 The UCSD Guardian 13 

~aid Advertisement-

, - _ .. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -, COME SEE THE STARS!!I 

: GET INVOLVED WITH: ~~~~:~w6~:.u 
,:STUDENT GOVERNMENT!!!: •....•.. :T.:~::::~:~~:::~:=:-.L~~~ ....... . 
: VARIOUS POSITIONS ARE : : 
: NOW AVAILABLE : : 

• 
• <-SUN GOD FESTIVAL CHAIR-) • • 
: ·:-A.S. FINANCIAL CONTROLLER-:- :: 
• -)A.S. LOBBY ANNEX DIRECTOR-:- .: 
• +A.S. JUDICIAL BOARD CHAIR-) • : 
• +UCSA REPRESENTATIVE-:- • : 
: ·)UNIV. CTR. BOARD - PRESIDENT REP+ :: 
• -:-A.S. OUTREACH MANAGER-:- • : 

PROPOSITION 111 INFO. DAY 
(TODAy) MAY 7TH @ NOON 

PRICE CENTER PLAZA 
FEATURED SPEAKERS: 

ROY BROPHY· Chcirman UC Board of Regents 
DENNIS KOOLHAAS· Chief of Staff for Assemblywoman 

Hunter 
MELINDA MORRIN - LeglsloHveAldeforAssemblyman 

Frazee 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• +SAAC REPRESENTATIVE-) • : ****(MAY 7th IS THE LAST DAY TO 
: PLEASE APPLY IN PERSON AT THE : : REGISTER FOR JUNE 5 ELECTION)**** : 
• A.S_ OFC, PC 3RD FLOOR • : ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• 
• 
• 

~-------------------______ I 
BUMP, SET, EAT? 

VOLLEYBALL 
BBQ~. 

~ 
SATURDAY, MAY 12 

9 A.M. - 4 P.M. MUIR FIELD 

Everyone j, welcomel 
Grills, condiments, chips, cookies, 

& drinks will be provided. 
Bring your own main course. 

SPONSORED BY: 
CATHOLIC STIJDENT COMMUNITY AND 

ASUCSD 

A FOR 
ALL SEASONS 

70u Grt cortlWly UJrJitul to flitfll8 Man (or aU StJJSons, 
1M 1966 'Mnnu of 1M OsCIU for 'But ~turt, 

a60ut 1M Gft of Sir'I"homas More. 

'1M seurul film of four in tM 
CSC/:.utlCS1J C.tMlic '-. Scriu 

7:00pm· wufntstfay, ?-lay 9, 1990 
at tk tprice Centtr'lTleatre. 

Jtamission is ~'E!!! 

Council Travel & ICRHA Present 

The ROOMMATE GAME 
Each college game will be held on 

MAY 9th 
An all-campus ~al game will be held on 

MAY 16TH 
In the Old Triton Pub @8pm 

SIGN UP IN RESIDENf DEAN'S OFC. 
(MOM FOR MUIR) 

GRAND PRIZE: AIRFARE TO EUROPE & 
EURAIL PASS!!! 

, DOORPRIZE: VCR!!! 

~:. ::":::::.::" -.:.::::.-:'-- :.::.- -. ... :::: ---: --::. 

D£ 
DANZCUJB 
pnl'wl)'.. .Is 

llAno"! 
us AS _ m ... AD oua 

WJlrS .. ST AlVlVl!aSAaY Oft 
11J!SDAY, JUY 22, 1990 

at7aOO~ 
Jill 11m nJaS UJ1ita UJIWOOfIL 

rtO EilMMfiCiS .. PMI1& HMriL 
Dr •• 1ON IS N-

M!SSlJPI 
aataw 

Don't miss out on this big event! 
There'll be music, entertainment, 

and,ofco~e,danctng! 



'-

14 

HEALTH, & RECREATIO 

MONDAY, MAY 7 

10:00 •• m..12:80 p.m.-Wht:n SI~S:and :mxiC:IY have 
gc:x you frauled.l:l.kc: ~ Mal;and he~ forFITSTOP! Thi 
FREE filMS:" eYOllualion I); tte:althy Ind fun. Stop by 
Snlden. He:lhh or call 534-1X24 10 make an appointment 
for 10 good time! 

2:00p,",,-There once 'Was I guy n:uned Sil:. whose link 
black book WQ~ DCIU:t1ly bI,. btu ht: nevtrC3ught adisr3se. 
caU!>C he alway:.. s:ud"Pkotse. put thlst"ondomon myri,," 
Come to a blAh C'Ofltrol info ~~Ion btfa«: )00 COlICh ~ 
disease Student He:!.llh StI"Ul.-e. 2nd floor 

TUESDA y, MA Y 8 

IO:~ll :00 a.m.- You·ve been (hirkin, about il fOf a 
lonlume now. T~"'e s.ome xlion and go for the guslO! 
Sign up no .. for msTOP Klda). A FREE fitness 
lS~t is ~t\lU you need, so £0 for n! Call S34-1824 
or slOp by Student HQhh. 

1:00 p.m.-So )'00 Ihink you already know everything 
• boo. sex" e,n you name Ihe 4 different forms of 
pmcripnon binh control avail;able for;l wom;m? Come 
toa blnh cOfllrol ~SSlon 10 learn Ili lloOft.!oof newinforma-
lion on binh control in a (un at~re Student Healtn 
Service. 2nd nODI'. 

WEDNESDA Y. MA Y 9 

12:0()..2:08 p.m.-Why pulllof(any kwI,er't Make)'OUr 
appGInnnenlloday for a FREE fimc:u evalu:aUon II SIU-
denl Health or c-.t11 .534-1 ~24 FlTSTOP IS your body's 
hayc-n for healthy pursUlt~. 

1:00 p.m.-PeRls. Vllall\a. \'ou can never hear these 
won:h ul1cRO Without embarrassment from fen~' SIU-
dent hcahh advocatu In • (rank , (un, and informallVC-
dIscussion on blnh control Gel 1111 your quesdoos an· 

s~md. Come on b)' . SIOOcnt He:;&lth Service. 2nd noor. 

THURSDAY, MAY 10 

1:00 p.m.-WhalexlK'tlyisdone In II pd .... .cexam'" What 
is a pap sme:lt? Do I nea! one? Docii it hun ' At II well 
Yo'OfTlWl SC»IOO. allltM:se thlnl;S arc. dISCUs.:.ed m on ,"for-
mal, but infomu.llve manner. Student He:llth ServW=:e. 
2nd floor 

I :00..2;00 p.m.-Where el50C cln you find fun people and 
~VC:I ,reat, he;ihhy ume? Only .u FfTSTOP, ofcourse! 
Call 534--1824 or "OIl by SIlKient He:tlth (or 3n .ppoInt-
ment. Eager FtTSTOP peniOOnel are Willing to 5CC: you! 

5:45 p.m.-TIlE rnURSDAY DINNER. Homemade 
(ood and ""'1 comp:lny. Spon>or<d by Ihe Catholic 
Studenl Community at UCSD. Univel'$ity Lutheran 
OIurcn. C:uholicLounge. ComerofN Toney Pines3nd 
La Jolla Shores Drive. Donation; Sl.oo. 

SERVICES & WORKSHOPS 
MONDA Y. MA Y 7 

1:30-.0:30 • • m.-Bipolar Group · This poop is for 
SlOOencs who h:we been dUI&nosed as havin, a BlpollU' 
disorder and :u-e being tR::ttcd for .he same. Issucs 

addre~ will be copln~ Wi th the p;ut. presenl ... nd fut ure. 
i1nd livinc with or Without medkiluon. Led by Dan 
Munot and Lindsay C.olderon. Cull Dan:n 5)4· 1.579 for 
mformalion and lign up. Revelle ColleGe ProV~'5 
Offl«. 

2:00·3:30 p.m.-BEGINN ING ASSERTIVENESS 
TRAINING - A 50'UCIUrcd Sb;'K'sion workshop whc.~ 
panicipants art lUu,hl specific ~kill) that are dcslCnc:d 10 
improve lhel r abilIty 10 communicate ..... ith othcr:t. Stu · 
denlS will be ab&c to dilili nguil>h between :tggre~IV~. 

asseni~. and nOrHl~!ol.mVe bcllavlOf. lc;un 10 ~y no,and 
develop producuvc "":tI)'!> 10 communic.:l.1(: thoughts and 
fedinlS Lc:d by &auilia Lulc . . 5.'4-0249. Call &luilla for 
more inform:uion. Revelle Fonn:II Lounle 

1:~5:00 p.m.- AII.--ohol lind Su~laoc;e Abusre Peer 
Counselin." forslroll,ht udk and slr.Jight anSWCfS. contaCt 
M:utWintris .peercoonliClor. ArJoHall , rooml04l105 

3:30-5.00 p.m.- An,cr M;&naaCmCnl Workshop. TIus 
wOI'bhop IS for people ..... ho tHe: conccmod about their 
anaer, ~'ho have gro~n tired of 1M emouonal. Interper-
sonal. and ph)'!tolc.1 loll thai unger lake<; P"Mlcipaftls will 
lecpan an&erjoom.llllnd le:un how tochooscbeuc.rw;&ys 
ofell.prusinl necdlll;&nd salVin' probknb . Lcd by Evclle 
Ludman;and HUJ:h Pale~ Call E"ene:u 5.\4..3SKS before 
tomm, 10 ,roup. IISS 2148. 

4:00-5:30 p.m.-Chicanl. Hisp:ll1tc. l..:ilina Suppun 
Group. Topia Wlllilkiude: iM:adc:mk: l'llOtivalloo. litre s 
manlannen!. rel:uiooshlp enh3ncen~nt. and the ch:ln&-
m,roleofHhpoank: *Omen inocademic, l.edbyLlnd§:lY 
CaldcfOO. c..lIlmd .... y lit 5.\4-3755 ror infurm;Jlloo and 
Lan-Up Pm;e <:<nl(r. D-JYIW)tLve,..,Kk Room. 

4:00-5:30 p.m.-Adv:mcc AS!iCniveness Tnumna. An 
el,hl's(!\MOfl croup (or ~t\kknl" who have J aood under-
.. andm, of the ~leiU of a.)!oCrtlve communicaltOn. but 
have noe been able 10 Mk:ct\sfully P"'''UK.'C lhe ~jull .. 

~au~ of liO<lf4c:feOiIIRI thou;,hh wnd )CJr' lIoiIbotw,ma 
bchJ.VIOO. Sludenb .... 111 be r.bl( toci,.pk)re the thw&ht 
and (et"n., thatlnhlbu lhelr pr ... ,: u~.'t ota~'lttnl\l(~ommu· 
nlCauoo Led by Elfudl;& Luke.5l4-tJ24IJ Colli ~ullia ror 
InfonnatlOO. RcyeUe Fomlill Lwnac. 

The UCSD Guardian 

TheWeekly Calendar 
S:OO-6 :~ p .... - Bu ... cial Is· 
sues Worl..shop. An ei;ht ses 
Sion WOf'kshop for Sludenl of 
f'lt(,lally nm .. ed bacLgrounds 
who would like 10 lellfn effec-
live ways of draltn~ With so-
('tetal prtl>lIIUrt, to identify as 

o~ taf..'t onl), h,ue. .. orlden. 
Ihy. (amily. ,,00 peer I't'lllIion· 
:-hlpS \,\, 111 be addre:s!oCd. Stu· 
<knts .... ill parti ip:ue in dra'W-
lng txtrcises :lnd discussions 
In a supponive environmenl. 
Ltd by Cryit31 Sh3nnon, 534· 
02.s4. forblnlcialand mullira-
ci:l;l t lhnic siudents. Call 
Crystal for :I prcltnlinary up--
roinll1lCnl before coming to 
II>< (""'p. GH 1(0). 

6:01).7:30 p.m.-G.y and Oi· 
~\Ual Men's Suppon Group.. 
We're :I; ~'eelel)' , informal. 
confMiential ~ group fCX;Mu-

dc:nt~ Yo 00 wanllO dbcu~ i5-" 
suesllndsharcCOO(.'tm . Come 
lend )'our suppon! Drop-1M 
~ welro~ . OfcaIl534·3755 
formore infOl'TllalLon . Led by 
pC:er counselors Mark and 
Tony Ckean View lounGe. 

TU ESDA y , MA Y 8 

9:00.11 :00 a. m.-Atcohol and Subst:ll'lCe Abuse Peer 
Counselinl. Are you COfN.."erned :lbotn :I. friend. but you 
don'l know whallouy? SlOp b)'andlct'u:llk. Youc,," 
help! Cecilia A. fIoepomueeno. peercounselor. For more 
infOlTNllOfI, call Jeanne M:anest :11 53J.-."B5. Third 
College Dun'i Ofrtce. Room 107. 

1:()()..4 :00 p.m.-Test AnxtelY Workshop. This -''Ork-
shop 'Will fo.,:us on learninl skills 10 reduce ICSt onJtielY 
(e.g.: relaxadon. cognilive skills. lime manlgement). II 
IS recommended Ih:u you p.lrudpate in the woritshop 
Y~rDI dayJ prior to an exam. Led by K31hy Kashim:a. 
Call K.:uhy II S34-1S&5 br:forr:roming 101hc: group. HSS 
2148. 

1:3()..4:00 p.m.-AsiarVh-
cifk Islander Students' Sup-
port Group. ThIs drop·in 
group b de igned to Iddrcs 
'he conce:m of lhe Asia", 
PacirlC Islander at UCSD in a 

problc-m-~vinl and s"ppoc-
'i ..... e AtmOSphere. Issues such 
as aeadcmk: and carttr con· 
crms... family s)'Stems in cui· 
lural transition. self idenlllY. 
Ind liVIng in IWO cuhures as 
srudems art possibac discus· 
sKIn toptc~ Led by .JeiUlne 
Mines. Call Jeanne al 534· 
301.5 for information. Moun· 
tain View Lounge. 

2: lO-4:00 p.m.-Gl1Iduate 
Men 'und Womca'sThe.ntpy 
Group. A we<ldy ,roup (or 
If*Iuale students inte~Sled 
in e:..plorinl telllllon~hip$ , 
academK:lprofc.uionalilsUCI. 
and personal concems. Led 
by Minam losupovlci .. 534-
025S. For In(onnatioo and I 
preliminary imcNlew before 
coming 10 the group, cali 
Miriam. GH 1003 

3:004:30 p.m.-Group (or 
Unmotivated and Procnsti-
Ratin, Students. A ,roup for 
students v.ho find it dJ(ftCult 
10 iitooy or gel SlAtted on the 
wei ri nl of papers and who feel 
thlt school is not the place ror 
them at this tllnc. Led by 
Hugh Pate'. '34·34'61 

Re~ellc- Provosl's orrace 

3: 30· 5:00 p.m.- Cop;n, 
Skills Group. The ,031 oflhis group IS to understand some 
of the "'d),S in which emotions. baologiCal moods, co&ni· 
livc attlludes and sb"lue,ies, a.~ weU as behavioral pallet1'lS 
interact 10 eIther create or 10 !iOlve problems. This will be 
an lC1ive JlUUP usina ima,ery and rche'~l lechniqucs In 
group and a self-help book. and homewort. between ses-
SIonS. Lcd by Bc\oer1y Harju and Yveue Mimni . Call 

Bc~cr1y al .5l4-M93 or YYeue at .5.J4.I725 for inrorma-
lion and a jmhminary intcNiew be:rore comin, 10 the 
"oup. Confe .. nce Room, 202 we. 

4:00-S:JO p.m.-Social Skills Woritshop. This , roup 
will fOC'Us on denlopml stills for lllCCun, wilh other 
people, convCTSations, userti~eneiS. and ,encral c:omfon 
In P'OUps. Led by Lindsay Calderon nnd Evene Looman. 
Dall LindlMl)' at 534·375.5, or Eveuc. ill 534·3585 for 
infonnalion. CH 1003. 

5:00-6:)0 p.m._Afnean-Americ3n Wornen', Support 
Group. An informal ltOOpwhich met.tsweekIYlO dilCus! 

lOpic~ofintereSiloAfritanlAmericln women . Emphasiii 
IS on .tla.rinK lhoupu and (ec lanes about lhe academic, 
persona.l, and liOCialc..penenc:e II UCSD. Lcd by Equ illa 
Luke. 314-0249. and Crysml Shannon. 534-0254. Can 
Equlla Of Cry~':lI (Of mf()fTO;luUIl. 

WEDNESDA Y, MA Y 9 

JO:()()..11 :3O •• m.-I..atino.lChicano Therapy Group This 
IfOUP deals 'Wl1 h issues of self-doubc. and !RIc-Slitting 
VariOUii :liiPC:CU 0( li ... inl: partnb .. family . wclal rc:1 .. t.on· 
MlIp5. We will ~ort lowlltd the a~1 of m:un l3 ining 
siudent prodUC'lIvity. Lcd by Dan Munoz. 334- 1519. 100 
ReIna Juarel, 334· 387.5. Oill D.:t.n Of' Relrt.:i for informa· 
Lion and il&n· up. 

I :OO-Z :JO p.m.-Copinl with QUOfllt Illness 400 Pilin. 
TIlls crouP IS for Itudenllll dulinl wilh chronic illness or 
p.1in In Ihciro .... n UvesOf"in lhe IiYfiofsignlncanl ochen. 
TopICS tl) be addrcucd include pain/wen managemc:nl 

lechn~ua; haoolin& dcp~~ion iloo 105S. dcalina: y" 1m 
medica I trc:ltnle.nt;and lkve k>pt nJ MlPpon ~ylIC.ms. Copin, 
Mull development :and a MJpportlve environment will be 
emphaSlted Lcd by Jeanne Mancse and Carol LeBoeuf. 
For I prcltmm;uy IiPlX>lnlmtnl before ~Offiln, JO the 
,roup, pleohoC' t illl C:uoI ;!.t 534-02.5-6. Ott 1003. 

1:00-3:00 p.m. ·Alcohol and ~uty umce Abuse Peer 
Coun~lina. Arc: you com:emcd aboul a fncnd, but you 
don ' lknow""'h:l l to~y" Stop by Ind let' lalk. Youcan 
help! Cecilia A N.epomucellO. pcercounsclor. For more 
tnform:uion. ~illI Jeiinne MoInc!IC ill 534-.'«):\'. Third 
CoIle.e Ocwn '~ on,,-'t, Room 109. 
1:00.):00 p.m~AloohoI .nd Subs"""c Abuse Peer 
eo...nsclm,. for ''',II,h, tal Ie iuld 'troll,hl :tnllly"eD, tOO-
t.ll"1 M;II\ Wllllrc, ... peer ft.oun\(lor. ArlO Hllll, Room 
104/10' 

4:00-S: )() p.m.-GeBeral Tbr:rap)' Group. A croup for 
undu~ualC students who would like to Cl!;plorc their 
thouahtlind f«hnp in a croup §elling. Conttm Conl· 
mon to ~Iudcnl$ will he eltplortd in lhl S group include 
developing aduh ~I ;&nonsh i ps with p;arc:nl5, cxplorinl 

rclaliOl1~hl~ v. llh peers, :1nd ,ivlOi and I'«lC"iv ing (eed~ 
b.\Ck to group member-. . Led by &lUi1l4 Luke •• B4·0249. 
Cull &JUilill ror :Ii brief p~limin:uy appointmenl berore 
f.'OR1in, to lhe ,roup. GH 1003. 

6:00-1:30 p.m.-wbian and BiscAual Women's Sup-
port Group. We'~ II weekly, confidential drop- in I rouP 
for womcn in lerested in discussin, pe:rsonal roncem mnd 
social h.~oes in :t comfonable. supponive environmenl. 
Drop by Ihe Women's Resoun.-c. Cenler(PrK.-e CeOlc-r, 2nd 
noar), or call 534-2023 or 534·3755 for more informa· 
lIon. L«1 by Ow:li and Sue. 

THURSDAY, MAY 10 

9:00-11 :00 a.nL-Alcohol and SubStance Abuse: Peer 
Counsclin, . Art you concerned aOOut a friend, but )'00 
don'l~now whlt IO"y? Stopbyandle l ·~ tllk . YOU CAn 
help! Cecilia A. Nepomuce:no. peu coun'i(:lor. Forrnot't 
in ronn:uion. ~1I Jeanne MQ~se :II Sl4-303.5. Third 
College Dean's OffICe., Room 107. 

3:00-5:00 p.m.- Akohol and Sub$taocc Abuse P«r 
Counseling For SlI'ui&hl talk :md SInIighl answers. con· 
lacl Mar\": Winuns. peer f..vu nsclor. ArlO Hall , Room 
104/10'. 

FRIDAY, MAY II 

2:01).3:30 p.m.-Alcohol and S.", .. "". Abuse Group. 
If you ha"'e evcr Isl ed, "Do I nave I problem?" chances 
art: you do have: a (ew Ihi ngs to ta lk l botU. Uc:I by DIln 
Munoz and E'IuiltaLuke. Call OanaI534- 1 579for~ 
infonll:l1ion. Revelle ProV~t ·S OffICC. 

4 :~:OO p.m.--Campus 81aele Forum. An inronnal 
discussion/support group which rocuses on issuc~ ,on~ 
cernli I nc! experiences thllt a ffect the quality of life ohhe 
Afncan/AmericancommunilY at UCSD. A problem·solv-
ing and sk ill· building a.pproach is used to a.~iisl students 
in copinG with ~mic , !tOCial. rcllrionship, and fanu1y 
m:lIleB. Led by Phil Raphel and CtystaJ Shannon. For 
additional inrormalion, call Phil or Cryscalal 514-375.5. 

ACADE.MIC SERVICES 

MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY 

B:OOa.m.--4:JO p.IIL- Wbethcryou want someone: loedit 
your paper or help you brainstorm, Scholars' Writin, 
Workshop can be of service. Afler nnishinl your paper. 
fmc use of compute~ is availabk (Word Perfec:t. Word · 
liar) . Computer iIIitcntcs are .... -elcome:. ti~Sllntt is 
provided. USB4070. To makeonilppOinlmenl.t:l1I 5J4. 
H44. 

8:00 •• m. ... :3O p.m.--OASIS Readin,.nd Siudy Skills 
Ccnler offers Oft<>1O-OI'IC Personal Assistance (or Learn-
ing (PAL) oonfercDCes 10 improve your iikills on Itte 
followinc topics: time man8&emcnt. coal-scttin,. project 
pi lon inc and orpnlzalion for researth , Icclurc ROCe· 
lakinS. Icxtbook readinl, prcparin& ror exams, and tesl· 
taking 5lnUectes. PALeonferenc:es arc free. and available 
by appoinlment. For more informalion,caI15l4-7344 or 
Slop by USB 4010. 

8:00a.m . .... :JO p. .. - Too lillie Iime·Too much IiludyinC 
10 do? M lLII.ullJze your study lime wilhoul havin, your 

~ud.ics: lake control of your life. The OASIS Readin, and 
Study siu lls Pro&run offers one·to-One pc.rsonal Issis· 
t.:1.ncc. 10 improve ),our skills on time 
lTWta&cmrcnt. Ssop by US B 4010 or 
caU 534·1 ~ 10 set up an appointmM' 

8:00a.m..4;JOp. OASIS Wrilinc 
Ccntcroffers rrte scf"rk;:e fcr all UCSD 

~lod<:nUi who need p~.wrh i n, help, 
conferenclC"s on drufts. and cdilln& Ad· 
Viet . We en,aee . ny kind of 'kriun, 
.ndany kindof'wrh inJ Problcm. Con· 
ferencc.s:arc byappotnlmcnlonly. Eve· 

mn~ appoilllOlenli are also aVl tl3bk. 
(For full nnle ofscrYlCes, see the DIck 
of the current ci:l s schedulc.) Call 
S34-22M or come by SUlIjcm Cenler. 
Blda. A. R.oom 214 to m.:&ke W1 ap-
pOin tment. 

8:00 •• m.-4:.IO p.m .. 4:30-1:00 p.m. 
un Tue5da11 and Thurtdl,. The 
un,uaac Proanm provwksauh,lInce 
10 ll00cn15 whose Il:Ilive lan&ualc iii 
not Enali h and to thol>c doin, work in 
II:alian, JQp3ncse. Spanish. French,Ger. 
man , Hebrew,lInd ocher Iiln&ua.es:. A 
dla,nostic le,t on wnllcn En. ll Ja.h;u: a 
KCood lanauJJC Ii a.v:u lablc on re· 
qUf!t.t Call ' S.W-22M for infr:wmatton 
Studenl cntCl'. Ride. A, Room 214 

K:4IO • • m .... :oo p.m.- SIGI PLUS. 
Sy tems 0( InterllCt llre Guid.lR« 1M 

Infonnallon is acompuier-boised pro,nmt ofcllt'eCr Infor-
maltOn designed to help you clanfy yt'IUr kill"- ~alues, 
and OCtuplllonal inttrtsts. For Il'lOfe infonnalK>n, come 
to the Cara:r Services Cenler. Admis~iun; S IO.fX>. 

MONDAY, MAY7 

10:30 a.m.- Inlcrvtewin& Skills Wortshop. Do you 
need help in preparinc for job interviews? Clreer Serv~ 
ices Center will ptO\'idc lips on lhe be" WIlYS 10 prcscnl 
yourqual irlCllions lind w\\at kind of intervle ..... qucstion '\ 
10 Cltpect . 

1;30 p.m.-ON CAMERA: Prac:tidnl Interviewin, 
Skills. Sn4lpen your huerviewin, sltills by stcinl and 
hearinl yourself on videolape. Receive (emt.ck from 
other job seekers in Ihis IfOUP workshop Prt-requisi!e: 
InlCnrlewin, Skill Wortsllop. Career Servkcs Center. 

1 :J0..4:tO p..1IL-~i" Advisins Hou~ For help 
flndin. desirable pan·tinc employment. dclenninina 
career ,~s, searchin, for jobs orex.pmna profession:tl 
or.,aduLue school opponunilic:s. No appolntmeRl net."e" 
sary, jusr wnllc. in. Caretr SefVk:CS CentCJ. 

TUESDA Y, MAY 8 

1:)0..4:00 p.m.-Drop-in Advisinl Houri; For help 
flndin, desir.toble pan·time employment, dclenninin, 
carc.er p is. search!n, for jobs or explorin, professional 
or graduate school oppor1unitic:... NoappoinlncRi nccc.s· 
pry. juSt walk in. Career Servtc(,c r~nter. 
l :JO p.m.- The M:ukC'lable Resume: Wortshop. l..carn 
how to~Str\lCC a sta&e-of· chc~an ~sume thl t will make 
you stand out from the crowd. Career Servlces Cenler. 

WEDNESDAY, MAY 9 

9:JOLm.- lntuviewinaSkilis Workshop. Do you need 
help in prcparinl for job interviews'! Career Sel""k es 
Center will provide tips on the best wlYs '0 ptesent your 
qualirttations and ..... hat k.ind of inlcnoiew questions 10 
expc:cL 

I :OOp.m.-On-Campus InlCrViewin& OrienLllion. If you 
;ar'C' inlleresled in panicipatin& in the: C~ Sc.I"";CCS 
Center', on-<:ampus inla'Yiewin& ptOItlm Ihisquarter, it 
is mandalDry that you attend one oIlhC'se orientations 

hefcn your inlCrVi(:.w, 

1, 30-4:00 p. ... - Drop-
in Advisinl Hours: For 
help nndin, des irable 
pan-time employment, 
detcrmininl career,eoals, 
scarchln, for jobs or 
expkxinc profcssiomtJ or 
"""'uale school oppor • 
tunities. Noappointment 
necciiPty, juSi wldk~in . 
Camer Services Center. 

3 :ot p .... - STAND 
AND DEUYER: Your 
CaRer in TCIChin, K· 
12. What arc the ehal-
lenees and rnlities in 
today ' , cll$sroom? 
What is the forecast for 
the tcachinl profession 
inlhenewdc.cadc:? Brin, 
your questioos 10 our 
panel of cxpcru - teach-
crs K-12. Career Scrv-
j""C1 Cenler. 

THURSDA y , 
MAY 10 

10:ooL ... ·l:00 p.m.-
Je ..... ish Campus Cenler 
Informadon Table in 
RCYeIIoI'laza. Come and 
meet Rabbi DoVI 
Slotnik, di"", ... o( the 
Jewish Campus Cc.nlen 
al UCSO. This is a way 
to lei inronnalion _bout 
kwish life on ClmpuS. 

11:30 p.m.- EfTective Job Search S",eIY. fI()'J, of.1I 
job vacancies ~ urwdveniscd. Thi~ worbhop will .each 
you the mosa effccti~ way 10 find them. Career Servicc-s 
Cenlcr. 

1::»-4:01 p.m.- Drop-in Advisin, Hours: For help find· 
inc desirable pan· time employment, dctenninlna carec.r 
,oals, ~an:hinl for job5 or explorin, professional or 
JrldUI IC school opportunidCl. No Ippointmenl neces-
sary, ju t waJk in. Carw Services Center. 

3:00 p.m.-MBA Infonnldon Session. Business school 
prtparation, admiSSionl procedures. application stralt-
lies and selection of school will be diKussed. Cam:r 
Services Cenler. 

FRIDAY, MAY II 

I:JiI..f:OO p.m.-Drop-in Advisinl Hotn: FUf" help 
findin, desirable pan·lime cmploymenL dclermlnln, 
carter Coals. searchin. for jobs or explorin, professional 
or lfIduatc school opponuniticJ. No appointment nect. .. ,-
snry. jusl walk· in. CIRC'I'" Services Cenler. 

Monday, May 7, 1990 

MEETINGS 

MONDAY, MAY 7 

6:00 p.m.-UCSD Grtens nleCt Monda)'. Ole Cu re. 

WEDNESDA Y , MAY 9 

10;00 •. m.a4:00 p.m.- ll1e lsrJCI AClivities COMmittee 
hllS ltn InronmlionTable \Ct up in the Prit.-e Cemer Piau. 
Come and talk with Jewish students about Jc-wish lifcon 
campus WKl opponunilie, for \lL~ ili nJ: !..rael . 

RELIGIOUS FUNCTIONS 

TUESDAY THROUGH SATURDAY 

5:00 p. .... -e.tholic Muss, Sponsored by lhe Calholic 
Sludenl Community I'll UCSD. University LUlheran 
Q\urch. C"()[Mr of N. Tom:y Pi llCs and l..ol JoBa Shore, 
Orive. 

TUESDAY, MAY 8 

12:00-. :00 p.m.-BibleSl udy. Christian st udents ~udy­
Ing God 's word. We will be naving an overview of I 
TilTKHhy by a , uesl spclikero. All inviled. Pri(.'e CeRler, 
Room 5. 

WEDNESDAY, MAY9 

' :00 p.m.- HuncrY'! Try our siudent suppers served by 
the 10wnspeople: orUnivenilY LutMr.tn Church. Univer-
sity Lutheran Chun:h (Ik.'fOSS lhe sireet rrom RcvcJlc 
Collcge). 
7:00 p.m.- Dible Sludy ltd by Pastor John Huber of 
Lutheran Campus Ministry. Unlvcn.ilY Lutheran Church 
(3Cr0s5 the Sireet: from Revelle Coile~c ). 

8:00 p.m.-"Who arc Ike LUlhenms"'" wilt be presented 
in a color sound filmstrip b)' Campus Pastor, John Huber. 
Open 10 aU! University Lutheran Chun.:h (Items!; the 
i ll'C"Cl from Revelle Collei:e). 

9:JI p.m..--Or.ndlcli, ht Mass. A quiet. mcdilative lime 
for shann, With OIhe~ Spomored by the Catholic 
Student Community al UCSD. UnivcBhy Lulher.ln 
Church. comer of N. TorRY Pines and LoI Julia Shores 
Drive. 

THURSDAY, MAY 10 

6:.7:00 p.m.-SCrtll-1QPe u tltrs by C.S. Lewis brings 
U5 10 a real poinl of discussion aboollhe work ofthedcvil 
In our world. Join in this di scu~ion wilh u.ber Christians. 
Sponsored by Uniled Campus Minbuy. Mectsin MAAC. 
Blda. S02 for one~hourdiliCussion period. 

7:38 p.m.- Bible Study. Episcopal collc,e sludenlS. 
Weekly Bible Study and monlhly evcRis. Infonnalion: 
Fr. Bill Ma.hedy • .s65-666I . Sl. Eliz.a bc:th·s Church. 2825 
Menon Ave, San Diego. 

FRIDAY, MAY II 

7:10 p,m.-5habblt Service and Oinocr With One" Slu-
dents OfJ;anile wann and intimate elalicarian Shabbar 

ce~brations. 

SUNDAY. MAY 13 

8:00 • • m.,IO:OOI.m.-EpiscopaIChurch WorshipServ-
kc: Sunday Euchari st and Purish fellowship. Good 
Samaritan Episcopal o.un::h · 4321 Eastlilte MAli. 

8:JO a .m.--Catholic Mass. Sponsored by the CllhoUe 
Student CommunilY III UCSD. Univrnily Lu&hrran 
Clurch. comer of N. Torrey Pines ~nd La Jolla Shores 
Dove:. 

IO:OO • • m.- Mothcr's Da y CanI.iUC Sunday Music festi-
val. Evcryoneb,wc-Icomc:. Brinlyour momormecuome 
other moms l Ad sons: and dlu,hlen. UniversilY lulheran 
Clurch Cacross the s titH from RevelSe CoIle,e). 

5:10 p.m., 9:00 p.1ft.-Calholic Mass. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Student CommunilY 111 UCSD. Universily Lu~ 
lberan Church, l'Orner or N. Torrey Pinel and La Jolla 
Shc«5 Drive. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

MONDAY, MA Y 7 

7:lO p ..... IO:oo p.m.- Intcruled in Japanese anima-
tion? CaI·AnirTIIlC will be ~Iipj /czer. / and Black 
MOlic66 II the Warrcn Commonlforfrtt. Brinl,frimd! 

WEDNESDA y, MAY 9 

1:.)0..3;00 p,m.- A Coffee Hour al lhe Women'ii Re· 
source. Center will feature Ian Infonnal utk Wllh Lisa 
Caubk of WI'lrmUII(.'Qrt . San OkIO'S femini st ~hn can: 
organization . Price Cenler. 2nd noor. 

SATURDAY,MAY 12 

."OOa.m.-6:OD p.m.--DartSlar. the OfftClll science ftC· 
tion club at UCSD, in CMCCrt with the UCR EaIOl"l 
Library, invites everyone to attend DEFCON III , their 
Ihird annual convention al lhe UCSD Prkc Univcrshy 
Cenler. Admls510n is (ree but donallons sUIJCStcd. All 
proceeds ,0 10 1he Roo:lki M;K.'Oonllld HOOK. 

Monday, May 7, 1990 

GROVE: 
Alteration 
Is 'Tropical' 
Continued from page 9 
There's enough of the market for 
everyone. They cater to people at 
the Price Center and we cater to 
people on the other side of cam-
pus," Singer said. 

When it came down to deciding 
where to expand the Grove, Carlson 
knew there was only one spot he 
wanted. 

"When everyone relocated, J 
didn ' t want to expand to any other 
place excepttheold General Store," 
Carlson said, "I wanted it to be in 
a grove of trees, and I wanted it to 
be one cafe." 

Many students seem t(l thin~ 
the expansion was a good idea. 

"I think it 's good that theydidn ' t 
have to destroy any )ftheoldto get 
the new, which seems to be popu-
lar on this campus," said third year 
student Greg Coleman. 

"It 'saniceenvironment."added 
senior Steve Vil'arreal. 

Carlson, (he person who de-
sig.led the landscaping the expan-
sion, has his own way of describ-
ing the new Grove patio. He sim-
ply calls it the "Hawaiian-Island-
tropical-trail-honeyeomb-nectar_ 
deck-and-zen pona!." 

McKay feels the expansion was 
necessary because " the school is 
growing so the Grove needs to 
grow. 

"It's a convenient place to stop 
for coffee. It's in the center of 
campus. It 's a lOW-key, casual 
atmosphere". and it's one place 
where faculty, staff, grad students, 
and undergrads can meet together," 
McKay said. 

"It's outdoors, it's not concrete, 
and the cool people hang out here," 
Villarreal said. 

SZANTO 
Continued from page 9 
paper interests Szanto because he 
wants to see the reaction of the 
Mexican critics. 

"I look at [the translation of my 
book] with great interest and fear," 
Szanto said. 

UCSD SPECIAL 
NEW CLIENTS ONLY 

RepIaoe acrylic nails wilI1 a 'New 
ProdUct" called Lume Gel Bond Nails. 

$35 ~eg . $.45. Give your nails thai 
CLEAR NATURAL LOOK! 

• Acrytics ........ ...................... $16.95 
• Fills .................. .................. $1 0.95 
• Silk Wrap ............ .. .............. $25.00 
, Linen Wrap ........................ $25.00 
, Fiberglass .......................... $25.00 
, Pedicure ............................ $10.95 
• ManiaJre ........ ................... $5.95 

1476 CJAFWET AVE., Pad6c Belch 
(eam. of HaInes & Gameq 

NeICIID KIIUky Fried CIic:IItn. 
PIIIdng laC .V111111118 CII-... 

T he UCSD Guardian 

Congratulations to 
Delta Gamma's 

New Initiates 

Ani Chitjian 
Katie Knapp 

Diane Marsh 

Malinda McCulloch 

Michelle Oh 

Maria Perez 

Lisette Reynolds 

Friendships that last a lifetime ", 

FEATURES 15 

The Ultimate Cut! 
~~ala}uCer~~ 
ra .. ~kHcaI.~ 

~'Iy 1Uu:.~ at ~ ~. 
~IMen's Cuts .......... $4 OFF 

With TIlls Ad Reg, $21.00 

Women's Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With TIlls Ad Reg. $26.00 

with selected stylists 

*PRICES INCLUOE 
graphic cut- shampoo,condltioning 

and professional styling 

HAi~ 
GrtA~liCS 

457-3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Drive 

located 
In {nela Jolla Village Shopping Cel1ter 

University Bookstore Computer Center 
Apple Days Sale May 1-31, 1990 
Mac Plus (complete witb keyboard) Mac SE with 20 Mb hard drive' MacSEl30 with 40Mb hard drive' 
$917 

Mac IIex with 40Mb hard drive" Mac lId with 40Mb bard drive" 

$3407 

A 2 % discount will be 
given for cash purchases. 

Monitors 
Monocbrome $270 

Color $678 

Printers 
LuerWriter fiSC $183S. 
LuerWriterliNT $30SS** 

a-...�K' -___ ....... 

~--~----

ImaaeWrlter II $459 
i. 
~v.~, . . . . 
)0.:«.' ~ ~:, ~ ". 

$4427 

Portrait $750 

Keyboards 
ApptuxteDded keyboard $158 

For additional information caU 534-4291. 
Price. elfect.iveMay 1-3t only. PI_refertoeli.ibiliIy requi_ ... 



16 CLASSIFIED 

Classified advertising Is sold In 15-
word Increments. The rate per 1 5 words 
Is S1 for students (personal use only), 
$3 for faculty, staft, and organizations 
$4 for others. Payment In advance Is 
required ; therefore, ads must be mailed 
with a check (made payable to The 
UCSO Guardian) or presented In 
person. Oeadlinesare3 p .m. Thursday 
for Monday's paper and 3 p.m. Monday 
for Thursday's paper. The Guardian 
reserves the right 10 refuse any 
advertising Including but not limited 
10 companionship ads. For more 
Information call 534-5416. The 
Guardian, UCSD, B..()16, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides warmth, 
education, prayer. socializing. Connect with 
Union of Jawish Studentsl 502 Matthews; 
east of the Price Center. Call Rabbi Slotnick, 
534·2521. (412-6.'7) 

Scholarships/Grants for college area 
available. Millions go unclaimed yearly. Call 
1·800-334-3881. (4112-617) 

Writing helpl Prolessional. private. meet your 
deadline. your convenience. money back 
guarantee. Jim 481 -1 810. (4112-6.'7) 

RISC Stalf Appl ications lor '90-'9t now 
available. Due by May 18 at oHice in Price 
Center 3.306. Questions call 534-4482 M-Th 
10-1 or John Fleming 273·2145. Leave 
message at either (5I7-5It4) 

ATTENTION UCSD's new pro·life club . 
Fnends for Life. is accepting members eager 
to lend their support and eagerto get Involved 
Call 552-0353 or 558-8232 (mess.) for more 
Inlormatlon. (517) 

Surf Club Meetmg - Mandatory!! Thursday 
5110 AP&M 2402 8 p.m Sprmg Classic 
contest inlo and more. (517) 

Hey all you Iruitsl Try out to be the 1990 
Watermelon Queen on May 23rd. $1 00 pnze 
to winner. Get application (due May 21st) at 
Revelle Provost's olfice. (517-5117) 

UCSD POLICE AUCTION. Saturday May 
19th 10:00 a. m. Pre-auctJon viewing 9:00 
a.m. Storage lacility 4051 Old Miramar Rd. 1 
block west 01 Regents . Old Mlfamar. 
Bicycles. watches. books, and much more l 
$1.00 Refundable bidder deposit required. 
Cash or check only. Inlo? Call 534-4358. 
(517-5117) 
Third College Town Meetingl Come and 
dlscussJIearn about the newly proposed 
curriculum of Third College Monday. May 
14th at 7:30 p.m. In Oceanvlaw Lounge. Also 
come and talk about other probfems. 
concerns or questions you have regarding 
Third College. Refreshments Will be served. 
(517-511 4) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
RAFT THE RIVERS OF THE WESTfi 
CataraCl Canyon of the Colorado, the Vampa. 
Green. Go with Hatch who was the first to run 
the Middle Fork of the Salmon in 19361 Good 
rates. 8001342-8243. (517) 

SERVICES 
Olga Barl Electrologist. t200-1500 hairs per 
hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student discounts. 
(619) 558-4644. (619) 226-1962. (4130-617) 

PAPERS TYPEDI Ouick & affordablel $21 
typed double-spaced page. Call W Colony 
Resumes & Prolessional Typing Services. 
455-8357. One-day service available. Laser 
Pnntingl ChOice of 35 typestyles I (412·617) 

Rent-a-brain 24-hr. writing tutor: outstanding 
A·student UC grad save this numberl Make 
deadlines Jim 481 -1 810.(4/1 2-6.'7) 

TYPING -theses. tenm. Ph. Os, Legal. All 
fonmats. RUSH JOBS. MARIE 931 -9596 
(4/12-6.'7) 

Surfing - finally do it, fun, safe. 20 years 
experienced I~eguard , water safety instructor 
481-1810. (4112-617) 

PROFESSIONAL WORD PROCESSING -
$1 .501pg. Resumes. Papers, Theses -Laser 
APA Fonmat. Next Day delivery. 439-93 17. 
297-8291 . (4/23-51 17) 

WORD PROCESSING. term papers . 
expenenced dissertations. 7 days a week. 
4.0 English Skills. references 755-2683. 
(4126-617) 

TRAIN VOUR BRAIN the easy way l 
RANDOLPH SUBLIMINAL TAPES will make 
you a super learner. Proven success. over 
150 tape titles offered, qUick reSUlts. it's 
worth atrylAsk about our educational. health, 
relationships. sports, and success tapes 
senes. I'm a UCSD student too. and I believe 
they really helpl Call 452-7489, evenings. 
and ask for Deborah ( a private distributor). 
(4130·5/7) 
WORD PROCESSING -Student papers and 
resumes Laser prlntmg Fast and 
reasonable. Call1npuVOutput. 535-3010. (41 
30-617) 

Word Processing - any size . pick up & 
delivery. Fast turnaround - Call Sandy 755-
4316. (4130-6.'7) 
Word Processing Services. Excellent quality 
- reasonable. Call 566-9096. (513-5/7) 

Macintosh Repair - upgrades: Component 
level repair . FREE estimates. Weekend 
Service. (Mac 12S15121Plus Power 589). 
Memory upgrades ALL Macs (Mac 128/512 
to Plus starts @ $210). Pick-uplDelivery. 
456-5916. Compufix. (513·617) 
Repair your bad credit raling professionally 
without paying high credit doctor fees I plus 
fill you bank account with CASHI For FREE 
DETAILS. wnte InflOity Plus 6915-8 Paradise 
Valley Road Suite No.248 San Diego CA 
92139. (517-5110) 

TYPING 111'11 type yourtenm papers etc. quickly 
and inexpensively. Laser printer. Call Jennifer: 
558-6090. (513-5131: 

Accuracyl Qual ity l Typing and Word 
Processing Center. Laser printer. free pick-
up and delivery. Patt 259-0906. (513·517) 
DON'T WALK ALONE II The UCSD Police 
Department offers a Community Service 
Officer (CSO) Escort Program. CSOs are 
available 10 esoort individuals on campus 
Irom 5:30 pm. to 1:00 a.m seven days a 
week including vacations and holidays. Just 
call 534-WALK on any pay phone or 4-WALK 
Irom on campus phones. YOU R SAFETY IS 
OUR FIRST CONCERN. (517-5110) 

WANTED 
Earn 575.00. SubjeC1S wanted for a study on 
the effects of alcohol. If you are a UCSD 
student or non·academic stalf. American 
bom male 01 entirely Japanese. Chinese, or 
Korean descent, call Scripps Clinic and 
Research Foundation for more infonmalion, 
554-2192. (412-6.'7) 

UNHAPPY ? FREE research studies 
evalualing medications are available to 
people suffering from depression. Symptoms 
include sadness. fat igue, guilt. loss of interest 
'n daily activ~ies . and difficulties sleeping, 
eating. and concentrating. Suitable 
volunteers receive free medications. lab tests. 
physicals and psychiatric evaluation . 18 or 
older. Free studies also available for panic. 
Call The Feighner Research Institute at 464-
4300 Monday - Friday to a.m. - 4 p.m.(4126· 
617) 

Housecleaners, window washes, S7-5141hr. 
8-25 hour week. flex, punctual, professional, 
reliable car. must have some experience. 
must work through summer, good references. 
259-87311 M-F 12p.m·5p.m.leave message. 
(4126-617) 
WATER & JETSKI INSTRUCTORS for 
summercarnp in Big Bear, summer '90. Salary 
+ rm & board. Please contaCl Eric Quaide 
(71 4) 786-3000. (4130-5117) 
We are looking for models Interested in free 
haircuts and consultations. Please call 488-
6700. (4/30-5131) 

Telephone Operators needed for 24 hour 
national party line. All shilts available FT. PT 
In Mission Valley location EARN UP to $101 
hours while talking on the telephone. 496-
3361. (4130-5114) 

Average $20 an houri Now hiring for summer 
or on-going positions as Munch Patrols and 
Rose Sellers for popular W nightclubs. Part-
time. Must be 21 or more. 297-4850. (4130-
517) 

WANTED: Vacation rental June-July, 3 
bedroom. pool, patio. near beach. 459-6034. 
(513-517) 

Broken Macintosh equipment wanted lor CE 
student. Willing to negotiate a trade. Call 
535-0930. (513-617) 

LlRUMMER WANTED: Versatile person to 
play vanety of styles (ska. reggae. funk 
rock) merged Into something we call our 
own. We have a place to pracllce Call John 
Fleming 273-2145. (517-5110) 

UNLIMITED FINANCIAL FREEDOM - Does 
$15-30 + an hour part time sound 2 good 2 B 
true? Vou detenmlne when, where & how 
long you work I Commissions R based on 
oHering a discount on a service EVERVONE 
is already using but never before able 2 do so 
at such terrific savings. EASIEST $$$ you'lI 
ever make. ENTREPRENEURS ONL V. Catl 
792-2231 4 appt. (517 ·5It 0) 

Babysitter wanted. Writer needs in-home. 
on-call sitter for friendly 2-year-old daughter. 
Off Canmel Valley Rd. 5 miles Irom campus. 
$5.00 per hour. Flexible hours mornings 
and/oraflemoons. Available immediately and 
through the summer. Guaranteed 30 hrsl 
month. Call Ann at 792·2756. (!>I7-5Il0) 
SUMMER WORK $9.85 to start. National 
Retail chain filling 19 openings in San Diego 
county. No experience required. Scholarships 
avai lable. No door to door or phone sales 
Involved. Must apply now. may start after 
finals. Call 9-5 p.m. Clairemont 483-4055. 
Encinitas 436-8634. (517-6.'7) 

Reliable. honest. enthusiastic individuals with 
a desire to serve the UCSD community in a 
Crime Prevention capacity. UCSD Police 
Department Community Service Ollicer 
(CSO) Program now accepting applications 
for the 1990-91 academic year with potential 
lor continuing employment Prefer individuals 
lamiliar wkh campus buildings. especially 
donm areas. Pick up an application at the 
Student Part-Time Employment Office. 
Applications due Friday May 18, 4:30 p.m. at 
the UCSD Police Department, SOO MAAC. 
across from the loading dock of the Price 
Center. Any questions. please call 534-9255 
between 8:30 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. Ask for 
Beth. (517 -511 0) 

Summer job - babysitting TWO 3rd/4th 
graders. Oepenctable transportation to drive 
them attending activities. 481-961 21evening. 
(517) 

Summer jobS I Spend your Summer in a 
meaningful role as a leader. fr iend and 
counselor 01 children in a YMCA Resident 
Camp. Representative ON CAMPUS 
Thursday. May 10. at Price Center or contact 
Tom Madeyski, VMCA Resident Camps. PO 
Box 1510, Julian CA 92036. 292-5942 
E.E.O.E (517-5110) 

Students interested in sharing local, SECURE 
storage unit and expenses for entire summer 
only (I.e. June-September) Need 8-10 to do 
so. Serious respondents only: Bobby: 452-
1479 for details. (517-5121 ) 
W Condo to share wlfemale 2BR. bl-Ievel, 
security, garage, tennis, pool . all amenities, 
walk to UCSDlall shopping. Non-smoking 
$437. SO + 1/2 utilities, available June 458-
9168. (517) 

ATTENTION: EARN MONEV TYPING AT 
HOMEI 32.000lyr. income potential. Details 
(1) 602-838-8885 Ext. T-18113. (517-5110) 

ATTENTION: EASV WORK EXCELLENT 
PAYI Assemble products al home. Details 
(1) 602-838-8885 Ext. W-1 8113. (5/7-511 0) 

ATTENTIONI POSTALJOBSI Start $11.411 
hour! For application inlo call (f) 602·838-
8885 Ext M-18113 6 a.n. - 10 p.m. 7 days 
(517-5/1 0) 
Looking for a Iraternlty. sorority or student 
organization that would like to make $500 -
$1000 for one week on·campus marketing 
proJect. Must be organIZed and hardworking. 
Elizabeth K. or Jeanine (800) 592-2121. 
(517) 

"oup ANIl SALAD BAR RI "r AUHi\N r" 

NOW WE DELIVER! 
UCSD PARTIES, 
LUNCHEONS, MEETINGS, 
CALL US! 
551 -0100 / FAX 551 -0180 

WELCOME BACKI 
UCSD'S Original SOUp Exchange 

Downtown La Jolla, 7777 Fay Ave. wants you back! 
H .... • ......... In y.a __ ., fI ..... 1 .......... . 

Come to downtown La Jolla, show I 5 0 / OFF 
your student I.D. and weill give you 7. 

Not valid on deUveri . Expires 5/31/90. 

Monday, May 7, 1990 

SUMMER JOBS TO SAVE ENVIRONMENT 
Earn $2500·$3500. national campaign 
positions to pass Clean Air Act, stop toxic 
pollution, tighten pesticidecontrols& promete 
recycling. Available in 18states & D.C. Intvws 
on campus 5It 5.16.17. Call Kate toll -free at 
1-800-75-EARTH. (5/7-5114) 

85 people seriously interested In losing 
weight. Summer Is comingll Act now!1 Lynn 
279-4265. (517-5121 ) 
ATTENTION: GRADUATING SENIORS 
Rapidly expanding Fortune SOOco. is seeking 
candidates lor saleslmanagement positions 
marketing Fortune 100 & 500 financial 
services. Lucrative commissions. Full and 
part time pos~ions available. Serious Inquiries 
only, please. Contact Mr. Paas at (619) 481· 
3433 . (517) 

Bookstar now accepting applications for FfT 
and PIT sales associates. Must desire a fast-
paced environment. Booksell ing experience 
helpful. Apply at 8650 Genesee Ave. across 
from UTC Mall. (517) 

FOR SALE 
VW Rabbit Diesel. 1980, vg. condition. A 
steal at $10001 Phone 450-4671 . leave 
message. (4119-517) 

Honcta Aero SO: 1985. good condition. low 
mileage, red wlbaskel. great for beach trips 
and commuting to campus. $650.00 or best 
offer. Call weeknights 792-8251 ask for Lisa. 
(4130-511 0) 

A futon & frame unused $95. 00 Can deliver. 
268-0814 (4130-513 1) 

'65 Ford Mustang. very nice, runs excellently, 
lots of extras. $4700 o.b.o. Aaron 558-6565. 
(4130-517) 

Extra plane ticket! Round trip from San Diego 
to San Francisco. Leaves 5/181 :00 p.m. and 
returns 51202:35 p.m. $SO (o.b.o.) Can even 
give ride to airport. 792-8n3(5I3-5I1 0) 
Sofa (sleeper) 18: RCA Color TV - good 
condition. Del Mar. Make offer. 755-5856 
any time. (513-5110) 

1974 Porsche 914 2.0 liter engine. orig inal 
owner, make oHer. 753-8748. (513-517) 

Surfboard, 7'2", good condition . excellent 
learning board, must sell. cheap, on campus, 
call 558-1294, (Gene). (513-5117) 
Toyota Corolla FX 3-doorliftback. 1987 Auto, 
NC , PIS, PIB, AM-FM stereo excellent. 
Asking only $4 ,900 558-0547. (517-5110) 

Elite 150 Motor scooter. 1986 Burgundy red, 
in great condition. Lots 01 fun to ride $795 or 
best otter. Call 792·9817 ask for Tim. (517-51 
10) 

1 carat diamond tennis bracelet wlbox. Sell : 
$4SO CatI270-4517. (5/7) 

Macintosh 800K External drive (beige) Only 
$175.00 call Jennifer 792-5870. (5/7 -5It 0) 

4 piece sectional couch lor sale Tan 
courdoroy. lngoodshape.$1500.b.Q. Andrea 
270-2977 (517-5It 0) 
O'Neill Impact Full wetsUit. Men s ML. good 
conditIOn. $90 o.bo. Must sell I Call Stan 
558-1337. (517-5110) 

Milli Vanilli 12 concert tickets. Sports Arena. 
Friday May 258:00 6th and 12th row. 538· 
t048. (517-510) 

ATTENTION : GOVERNMENT SEIZED 
VEHICLES from $100. Fords, Mercedes, 
Corvettes , Chevys. Surplus buyers guide. 1· 
602·838-8885 Ext. A-lal13. (517) 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

( \11 1-..' m"l 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North #315 

Monday, May 7,1990 

ATTENTION: GOVERNMENT HOMES Irom 
$1 -(U-Repair) . Delinquent tax property. 
Repossessions . Call f ·602-838-8885 Ext 
GH-18113. (517-5110) 

Computer for salell XT compatible with 640K 
RAM, mono monitor, 360K floppy drive, and 
30 MB hard drive. Great for papers and funl 
$650.00 Call Ed 792-9135. (517-5114) 

HOUSING 
Subletting your apartment this summer? 
Local law fi'm seeking summer housing for 
law clerks. Call Karen at 699-3542 with 
details. (412-5110) 

Beautiful room, board, salary for part-time 
child care (Boy. 9) Female nonsmoker. Del 
Mar. 481-6115. (4126-517) 

Trilevelcondos,2bd.21I2ba(Sl800)orl bd 
1 112 ba (S11 00), pool, spa, walk to UCSD 
551 -9203. (4130-5110) 

Huge House; La Jolla Shores, 4 bd. 3 ba, 
yard. garages. 3 blocks from beach, close to 
all $2800 me. 551-9203. (4130-5110) 

2 story house wi sundeck. poot. tennis. spa. 
walk toUCSD. gleatlocation. 1750 mo. 551 -
9203. (4130·517) 
House wi yardl 4 bd. 2 112 ba: remodeled. 
cfose to UCSD and malls. 2 car garage. 
$f800 me. 551-9203. (4130-511 0) 
ROOMMATE NEEDED:Available May 17 or 
as soon as May 1. Own room In Clalremont 
house. Big grass backyard. 10 min. to 
campus. Lots of space. Close to everything. 
John Fleming. 273-2145. (4130-517) 

Leucadia 1 bedroom mobilehome. 112 block 
fronn beach. Sleal at $21 ,000, $3SO space 
rent. 945-3325. (4130-5110) 

Summer Subiet (available 6117-911) La Jolla 
Village Park2 master-BRI2.5 baths.lurnlshed. 
all amenities. garage, l ireplace. WID. pool! 
spa, tennis/racquetball. close to UCSD.UTC. 
$1100lmonth + ulil. 455·6356. (4130-5110) 

4 bd. 2 112 bath house, yard poof, spacious. 
close to all , garage, University City $21001 
mo 551 ·9203. (4130-5110) 
Subfetting apt. for summer. June 18-Sept 
21 . 1990. 5 min. from campus. Call 452-
8261 . (513-517) 
Ouiet. clean. non-smoking 38 Vr. old lemale 
needs housing lonm 6-20-90 to 6-91 while 
doing intemship in La Jolla. Vera 916-894-
7126. P.O. Box 1594. Chico, CA 95927. 
Message 916-343-3290. (513-5121) 

I need a roommate for the summer. Possibly 
ongoing. 295 + 113 utilities. Very nice. 581 -
0451 Jim. (513-517) 
Female non-smoker need to share master 
BR In LA JOLLA VILLAGE PARK CONDO. 2 
BRI2.5baths, all amenities; garage. r .. epIace. 
WID, pooIIspa. tennlsl/racquetbaJl. close to 
UCSO, UTC. $287.5O/month + 1/4 util. 455-
8356. Available 9/1 (517-5110) 
2 BLOCKS LA JOLLA BEACH. Share 1 
bedroom Apt. Clean, responsibfe. No drugs. 
"56-2717. Inexpensive. (517-5114) 

MalelFemall wanted to sublet own room in 
3 br. duplex. 611190 -9/1190. Three blocks to 
beach in Pacilic Beach. $2951mo + $275 
dep. Call 270-6132. (517-5110) 
W Condo to share wllemale 2BR, bl·level, 
security, garage. lennls. POOl. all amenities. 
walk to UCSD/ail shopping. Non-smoiling 
$437.50 + 112 utilities. available June "58-
9168. (517-617) 
Apartment lor Rent 2 bdl2 ba. poof. One mile 
to UCSD. stores. On bus line. Summer only 
or keep Iali. Available mid-June. Some 
lumlture negotiable. $8301mo or best offer. 
Dara 452-3981 (evenings). (517-5110) 

STUDINTIYOUTH TOURS 
"One-Week Leningrlld & toioscC1oN 
··other U.S.S.R. tours available 

CouncilTrMl 
UCSD PlIClI :=:':11."'" (.... I. c.1Iter) 

CORONADO, private roomlboard In 
exchange for housekeeping and care for 11 
year girl . 435-16tO. (5/7·5110) 

Del Mar - non·smaller studenVprofessional 
wanted to share beautilul townhouse. All 
conveniences. 10 min. UCSD. Matthew 755-
6632. (517-5117) 

$250.00 own room. One block 10 beach. 
Artistic vegetarian prelerred. Andrea 270-
29n AVAILABLE NOW (517) 

Share 3 br condo near campus 330.00 + 113 
utilkles. Avaifable Sept. 1 Dina C. 546-8423 
(eves.) (517-5110) 

WANTED - two people male and/or female 
share master bedroom. Own bath, balcony. 
furnished condo (except bedroom) near 
Vons. MOlle In aftar finals $2SO each. 114 

util~ies. HeatherlNatalie 558-2374. (517-
5110) 

PERSONALS 
ATIENTION: ALL PROSPECTIVE OAP 
PARTICIPANTS for Summer 1990 or 1990-
91. IMPORTANT GENERAL INFO 
SESSION I Monday. May 7 4·6 p.m. 
International Center Lounge. (513-517) 

Anchorspfash participants • thanks for all 
your support. we had a great timel Love. 
Delta Gamma (517) 

DON'T WALK ALONE II The UCSD Police 
Department oHers a Community Service 
OffICer (CSO) Escort Program. CSOs are 
available to esoorf individuals on campus 
Irom 5:30 p.m. to 1:00 a.m. seven days a 
week including vacations and holidays. Just 
call 534-WALK on any pay phone or 4-WALK 
from on-campus phonlls. YOUR SAFETY IS 
OUR FIRST CONCERN. (517-5110) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Dave Miller - congratulations Mr. 
Anchorsplash l May your reign be a 
prosperous onel DG loves youl (517) 

Sherv - you're really special and Incredibly 
gorgeous II Don't let some jerk get you down. 
H (517) 

Big Bob - I'm really sorry about the clay and 
everything. Are you sure you are really 
okay? (517) 

Pregnant? Need support and 
encouragement? Call Friends for Life and let 
us help. Call 552-0353 or leave message at 
558-8232. Confidential. (517) 

Gracias ZBTI We had a muy bueno Cinco de 
Mayo - love Tri Delta (517) 

Heyl Where have you been? The lolks at 
WARREN'S COMMUTER BREAKFAST are 
missing youl Get out of hiding and start 
eating w~h usl We're in the Provost's Building 
(next to the Registrar), every Tuesday. 8a.m. 
- 1 0:15a.m., only SO centsl (517) 

Phi Defts - Thanks for a world-class time just 
roamin' around. Love - Sigma Kappa. (517) 

Wifl .I HdWdlldll V.le.ltion 
or big ~c ,,~t'll TV 
pltl~ r,II"'" tip to 51400 

III JtI~t 10 d.1Y-" 

c_.,..~. clube, 
hta • .-ttIM .. I OCMC lit 

1-800-9324528 .nil 
1.aoo.91JO.84 72 ext. 10. 

ACUPUNCTURE·ACUPRESSURE·HERBOLOGY 
Prevent unnecessary surgeries 

Avoid taking drugs 
Restore Health & Vitality 

pain 
stress relief 
fatigue 
sports injury 

addictions 
asthma 
PMS 
migranes 

Most UCSD Insurance Acceptable 
(close proximity to UCSD) 
(619) 275-3851 

Dr. of Oriental Medicine, P. Margaret Wells 

PHOTOS 
Passport, ID, Applications 
Negative and 2 pictures 

each additional photo 
only40¢ 

RUFF'S FAST PHOTO 
Mon.-Fri. 7:30-5:30 
10920 Roselle St. #101A 

552-0072 

$10 
UCSD • 

SIMON MIKHAEL 
1MMIGRATION ATIORNEY 
• Business visas for professionals and investors 
• Labor certifications 
• Asylum & deportation defense 
Fluent: Arabic and French 
Member: American Immigration Lawyers Association 

FREE INITIAL CONSULTATION 439-6895 
Oc:e.nsldt 2103 EI ClWl'Iino Real. SUite 103A 439-6895 

SIn DIego lOt West 'C- SUett. Su~e 905 233~ 1 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

Computers 
LA JOLLA 

UCSO SPECIAL DISCOUNT 
.NCLUDES: 
e 2 DRIVES 
. 640 MEMORY 

PRINTER 
• 1-YA. WARRTY 
• SOFTWARE 

----~-=-=-:.=-
---
- - ---
- - - ---
-------_ .-

COMPATIBLE 
Complete System 

Anything 
you need CALL 454-5544 

1110 Torrey Pines Road , Suite A 
La Jolla , CA 92037 

• 

Quantities Limited 

•• m 
Finincing & Leasing AViililllle 

SAAB 

ROBERT'S 
German, Swedish 
Japanese Service 

All Work Fully Guaranteed _ Factory-Trained SpeCialists 

.. 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 

Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 

(619)275-1132 
4630 Mission Bay Drive 

(1-5 to Balboa exjt) San Diego 
fI_ VIS4' . . 

. " .. - I 
- . 

--------------------10% OFFonalirepairs* 
with this coupon 

'E=pl mawr and lran.mission overhaul. Nol valid with any OIMr coupon. 

~urDea$on. ~urChoke 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immediate 

Test Results 
• Pregnancy 

Termination 
• General or Local 

Anesthe ia 
• Affordable 

Birth Control 
• Student Discount 

The College Line 
535-1379 

Q;r;t .f.. ' ~nCnO'Cf 
Iilmily PIllnlf'ftg 

Associutes 
Medicnl CrollP 

, ~ 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 7, 1990 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulations: 
• Send your entry on a/l 8112 "by 

J J" sheet of paper alan,,? with your 
/lame, year in school, hometown , 
college you attend at UCSD , ma-
jor, address, and phone number 
to: Sports Editor, UCSD Guard-
ian, B-016 , La lolla, CA 92093. 
You may also drop it in the sports 
editor's box at the Guardian of-
fice, located upstairs in the Stu-
dent Center. across from the gym. 

• All UCSD students, staff, and 
faculty are eligible to enter, except 
for Guardian staff members and 
employees of BJ's . 

pitcher of either Micheloh Draft or 
soda when dining at 8j's Chicago 
Pizzeri4, located ill La lolla Vil-
lage Square. A list of al/ winners 
will he posted at Bj's each week, 
and winners must show idelltifica-
tion to claim prizes. 

This week's questions: 
1. What is Jack Clark 's uniform 

number? 
2. Which horse placed second in 

last weekend's Kentucky Derby? 
3. Who coached the J984 U.S. 

Olympic men's basketball team? 
4. True or False. Benito Santiago 

led all MLB catchers in passed balls 
with 21 in 1989. 

5. Who won the 1986 NL Cy 
Young Award? 

6. Which college did Charles Bar-
kley attend? 

7. Who was the MVPofthe 1989-
90 NHL All-Star Game? 

8. Who won the Heisman Trophy 
in 1988? 

9. WhichcountrydoesHugoPerez 
play soccer for? 

10. WhichclubdidOckyClarkrep-
resent at the UCSD Last Chance Qual i-
fier? 

Last week's answers: 
Brian Morris/Guardian 

Gary Salata finished tied for seventh, at 6'0", in Saturday's high jump event at the Last Chance Meet. 

• Limit one entry per persall per 
week. Entriesmust beat the Guard-
ian by Saturday at 5 p.m. 

• The person who comes lip with 
the most correct entries, as deter-
mined by the judges, will be de-
clared the grand prize winner and 
will be recognized when the quiz is 
printed the following week. In the 
event of a tie, a drawing will he 
held to determine the grand prize 
winner. Those correct entries not 
selected as the grand prize winner 
will be considered runners-up. 

1. Erik Judson 
2. Santa Clara 
3. Nate Brown 

tionals later this month. discus at 148'. 4. David Myers TRACK 
Continued from page 20 
Cruz ran an exciting 800m event, 
with Cruz breaking away from 
Clark in the last 100 meters to win. 

Erica Washington posted the 
fastest 100m time of the day as she 
won her heat in 12.3 seconds. 

In the women's field events, 
Susan Christy placed second and 
qualified for nationals in the high 
jump by rising to 5' 5 1/4". 

Yvette Marzullo, who has al-
ready secured a spot at nationals, 
bested the nearest competitor by 
two and a half seconds in the 400rn 
with a 58.22. 

5. 13th 
6. Pomona-Pitzer 
7. Women 's Water Polo 
8. Women 's Soccer 
9. 4 

Cruz's time of 1:47 was sur-
prisingly fast for this early in his 
season. Shannon Quigley posted victo-

ries in the shot put and the discus. 

In the men's field, Triton Scott 
Sargeant posted the best throw in 
the crowded hammer event. 

10. Susan Carney, Christine 
Behrens, and Robyn Inaba 

Last week's winner: 
Mark Jewett 

The added competition helped 
two UCSD athletes meet qualify-
ing times for the Division ill Na-

Teammate Shelly Squibb fol-
lowed with a second place in the 

He came in first with 178' 3", 
edging out Tom Meyer who re-
corded a mark of 176' 8". 

• The grand prize winner will 
receive a $10 gift certificate from 
BJ's. Runners-up canohtainafree 

Senior, Muir, Economics 
Alamo, CA 
Runners-up: 18, list posted at BJ's. 

Tuesday, May 8th, 7 p.m. 
The Cove Room, Price Center 

Learn why more and more successful sales 
professionals are entering the dynamic growth 
field of personal investments. Find out why 
Thomas JamesAssociates is the brokerage firm 
of choice. 

You 'll learn about Thomas James and the 
securities industry. The role of the investment 
executive. How to get your career started at 
Thomas James Associates. 

Plan to attend, You'll find out why a career as an 
Investment Executive with Thomas James may 
be even better than owning your own company. 

Sponsored by Alpha Kappa Psi 
Professional Business Fr.aternity 

tl~IIDMASJAME. 
ASSOC AlES , NC 

Investment Bankers/Brokers 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
IT DOESN'T ALL HAVE TO BE 

"rpEElC' 
TO YOU!!! 

The Department of Theatre invites you to see just how 
modern those Ancient Greeks were, and how ancient those 
modern films really are. From Euripides' Medea to Miiller's 
MedeaMaterial and from Aeschylus to Tadashi Suzuki, 
rediscover your past and see how it permeates your present. 
A look at the antiquity which shapes our times - "only 
connect; live in fragments no longer." 

Theatre 169: 
From Pamassus to High Rise - Greek Drama on Film 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
DID YOU MISS THE GREAT PERFORMANCES OF 

THE TWENTIETH CENTURY?!? 

Weren't able to get a seat for Peter Hall's 1973 production of 
Pinter's The Homecoming? Couldn't catch John Cielgud in 
Brecht's Calileo in 1975? Here's your chance to see them on 
film! See and discuss what happens to a great play when it is 
made into a great film - how the themes and artistic choices 
translate from one medium to another. 

Theatre 172: 
Great Films of Great Plays 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Monday, May 7, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

SPORTSLINE 
COlApi/!d by DoIUI CluJllcen, Spons EdlIbrtmd P,"r "0, A!SOC"", Sports EdJIor 

Women's Crew Sweeps At Oxnard Regatta; Takes AII·Points Trophy 
At the Oxnard AIl-American Regatta thi s past weekend, the UCSD women's crew team pulled a school 

first by sweeping what is considered the Southern California rowing championships at Channel Islands 
Harbor. 

On the 2000m course, the varsity eight blew away the fie ld by nine seconds with a time of 7:00.02 to 
win the Patty Wyatt C up for the first time. Long Beach State was second. and USC came in third. 

The novice eight fared just as well , winning the Mayor's Cup in a time of7: 12.2. Long Beach State 
fmished a distant second in 7:25.6. 

The junior varsity boat ended up as a 'B' team in the varsity race after a match race with UCLA was 
canceled because the Bruins failed to show. 

TIle sweep also gave the Tritons the McNeish All-Points Trophy with 377 points ahead of second place 
UC Santa Barbara's 177 points and Long Beach's 150. 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from page 20 
they had the same number of hits. 

On defense? 
Not really. Forthe most part the 

defense was solid, but UCSD did 
have its moments. 

The only Torero run scored 
when a runner came in from third 
base while the Tritons had another 
Torero hung up in a rundown be-
tween first and second with two 
out. 

But who's really complaining 
when the results are wins and, 
possibly, postseason berths? 

In this case, Triton Head Coach 
Sal Coats was particularly deter-
mined to keep the pressure on US D. 

The Tritons have inadvertently 

established a reputation this sea-
son for complacency, and letting 
down against lesser opponents. 

"I wanted to keep the tempo up, 
because we have a tendency to 
play down to our competition," 
Coats said. 

Lisa Mora paved the way for 
the Tritons with two RBIs in the 
second game - the only two runs 
USD did not hand to UCSD on a 
s ilver platter. 

As for the pitching ... well, it 
mirrored the game. 

It wasn ' t pretty, but it worked. 
Staner Kim Stutzman ( 10-2) 

struggled early with her control -
she had a 28-28 ball-strike ratio 
and went deep into the count with 
several hitters - but left having 
given up only one run on three hits. 

DiannaMoreno finished up with 
three strong innings, setting down 
nine of the 10 hitters she faced. 

Although USD is a weak Divi-
sion I squad, the two wins can only 
help vault UCSD into the Division 
ill postseason. 

For the first time, " power 
points", which take into account 
strength of schedule andopponenlS, 
as well as won-Io s record, will be 
used to determine which teams 
receive postseason bids. 

USD's Division I label carries 
with it a lot of weight. and the wins 
upped the Tritons' record against 
non-Division ill teams to 8-11. 

The selection committee met 
yesterday to choose the regional 
teams, but bids had not yet been 
announced at press time. 

ATTENTION ALL STUDENTS! 
Factory Outlet Clothing 

Blowout Sale!! 
• Tweeds/Picante/Esprit • 

Other brand names cannot be mentioned 
due to incredibly low prices!! Jeans $10 &: up Shorrs $6 &:. up All items 50% to 90% Below Retail! 
r------------------, Swearers $10 &: up Tops $5 &: up I 
I 

COUPON 

Sweats $5 & up 
Jackets $15 & up 

Friday & Saturday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m . • Sunday from 12 noon to 5 p.m. 
Go 4 lights east of the 805 
off Miramar Rd. to 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 
Hotline: 450-3323 

N SflLEI .., 
.1 

_. J 
I\IIlr~~ _r 

~ 1 

RESERVE OFFICERS ' TRAINING CORPS 

• 2-year scholarships available 

START YOUR 111MB 
TO CAREER sotUSs 

TIDS SUMMER: 
Apply now fot l UI week, of ""Imy ROTC 

idelstup tl.,mUlQ You'll develop confidence 
and deciSiveness eoonllai for CAreer success 
And you11 qui.bfy 10 earn offlctr credentlals 
while completU\9 (:01189_ 

~ 
AlMYROTC 
TW~YEAI ... AM 

nl s ... nlf CIUI" 
COl1ISllOll CAl TAIl, 

Contact Major Stan Metzger 
at 594·4943 

N 

11 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

SPORTS 19 

SHumECOCKS R US - Badminton 
True, ir ain'r over rill ir's over; but somerimes ir's over before ir begins. 

There arc certain confro ntations in the world of sports rhat pose lirde rhreat 
co the tavorire (Douglas-Tyson aside) The Easr German bobsled ream 
doesn ' t bother scouring rhe Jamaicans; the Finnish ski jumpers don'r warch 
old films of Eddie 'The Eagle ' Edwards. 

Similarly. Shuttlecocks R Us (4·0) c>n ease up when they play, well , 
anybody. Their latesr 8-0 skunking of Gunter TIII,n in Tuesday's Space 
Shuttle badminron kague kepnheir unblemished record clean, and rhey now 
have home-court advantage rhroughout rhe playofts. 

Slumi(tocks racked up 120 points while allowing jusr 19 in elghr marches. 
Sean Kim and Kristine PI.ch), srarted rhe trend with marching 15-1 viccories 
in rheir respective singles marches. The pair larer reamed up for a 15·0 win 
in mixed doubles. 

Joyce Wong and Scott Ecklund had co work comparatively harder for rheir 
wi n-a 15-3 nailbiter. 

Pre-b'3.me jirrersarall? Absolutdy nor. Abourrhe only rhingon these folks ' 
minds during the march is whether co shake hands above or below rhe ncr 
after rhey win. 

SlmrrllCocks R Us, this ... chicken salad's for you. 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO IN URANCERATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENT 

CALL 279·5955 
D' AGNESSA Insurance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 
San Diego, CA 92111 

ALSO: MEDICALlDENTALlTRAVEL INSURANCE 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISISt 

wrVE GOT 
THE CUREI 

novelty Items' gift wrapping· balloons· greeting cards 
Large selection of gift aru1. shopping boxes !.. 4~05 La Jolla Village Drive, lJfC Mall 

(next to Carlos Murphy's) 
™ 453-9993 

W • I & , OPEN DAILY 

Illstructor's COllrse Readers' 

Ca' C[]py 
• Free Parking 
• Book Binding 

• Copies while you wait 
f.lp :.'3IlI9I)Houra: Mon.-Thu. 8:30-6:30; Fri. 8:30.6; Sat_ 12-4 
)-'/ I I'ulltl,,, (I '''1 \f If I ''''111'",,,, "'--II) 452.9949 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

-

-



, 

20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Sports 
Softball Sweeps USD 5-0, 4-1 
By PETER KO 
Associate ports Editor 

Gertrude Stein ort of aid it. .. 
a win i a win is a win. 

She probably didn't mean for it 
to apply to a oftball game, but 
that's poetic license for you. 

It wasn't particularly pretty, but 
the UCSD oft ball team still 
emerged from the econd game of 
Saturday' home doubleheader 
again t the University of San Di-
ego with a 4-1 victory to complete 
a sweep of the Toreros. 

(22-16,14-5inDivi ion III) broke 
the clo e contest open in the bot-
tom of the sixth with some oppor-
tuni tic baserunning whi h led to 
three run. 

The Triton continued their 
aggre ive play in the nightcap, a 
they ran circles around the fre-
quently confused USD defense, 
and further rattled them with an 
endle s a sortment of bunt and 
slap hits. 

IfUSD hadn ' t been 0 careless, 
howel e were the Triton going to 
win? 

On offense? 
No way. The two team had the 

same combined total of hits for the 
two games - nine. 

Furthermore, the Tritons squan-
dered some golden opportunities. 

UCSD had the base loaded in 
the fifth inning with only one out, 
but Lynn Moreno hit a line drive 
laser beam to the third baseman 
who was already standing on third 
base to double up Dana Chaiken. 

Monday, May 7,1990 

The win came on the heel of a 
5-0, five-hit shutout in the opener 
by Kathy Fogg (9-9). 

In the first game, the Triton 

The plan worked a the shaken 
Toreros handed UCSD two of its 
four runs, and, overall, the Tritons 
managed to score all four runs on 
just four hits. 

If you think about it, the plan 
had to work. 

It' a wonder that the Tritons 
managed to score eight more runs 
on the day than the Toreros, given 

ee SOFTBALL, page 19 

Greg Benes/Guardian 
Senior catcher Tracey Kehr, a four-year starter for UCSD, scores 
on a passed ball after doubling in her last regular season at-bat. 

USA COLLEGIATE WOMEN'S WATER OLO NATIONALS . 

No.1 
IN THE NATION 
Unbeaten Tritons Complete 

Dream Season - 26-0-1 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
For Christy Parker and the Tritons, the dream of capturing the national title became reality yesterday in Providence, RI. 

By DANA CHAIKEN 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD women's water polo team 
has spent the majority of its weekends this 
spring blowing away opponents and cap-
turing tournament titles. 

This past weekend in Providence, RI, 
the tournament title the Tritons won was 
ju t a bit more important than all the others 
- it was the national title. 

In outscoring their opponents 74-16 in 
five victories, the Tritons completed their 
season-long mission and finished with the 
first-ever undefeated season in the 
program's history at 26-0-1. 

UCSD scored most of its tournament 

goals with opening round 23-2 and 26-4 
routs of host Brown and Harvard, re-
spectively, on Friday. 

Saturday afternoon, UCSD downed 
its nemesis - defending champion 
U CSB - for the fourth time this season, 
10-4, in a flawless performance. 

They dodged a bullet in the semifi-
nals, slipping by Slippery Rock 6-3 in a 
poorly-played game in which UCSD 
yielded four four-meter goals. 

Ye terday's championship was not 
even close, as UCSD blasted second-
seeded UC Davis, 9-3. 

First Team All -American BrendaRe-
iton led UCSD with three goals in the 
finale, and 16 for the tournament. 

THE ROAD TO THE TITLE 
USA COLLEGIATE WOIEN'S WATER POLO 

NATIONALS AT PROYIOENCE, RHODE IILAHO 

OAY OPPONENT SCORE 

Friday d. Brown Uni-.ily 23-2 

Friday d. twvard University 26-4 

Satulday d. UC Sarna Betbara 10.4 

SEMFINAL GAIlE 

Satulday d. Slippery Rock 6·3 

CHAMPIONSHIP GAME 

Sunday d. UCDavis 9·3 

UCSD AU·AMERICANS 

Flra' TeM!: Jeff Paulsen. Goaie 
Brenda Reiton 

Second TMIII: Jamie Darley 
Honorabla MentIon: KriSlen Larson 

Cruz, Scott Highlight Last Chance Qualifier 
By MATTHEW ROCHIOS 
Staf!Writer 

For the tiecond time in less than a month, 
UCSD' s new track facility has drawn world-
class athlete to a school meet. 

Saturday ' UCSD Last Chance Qualifier 
featured U.S. mile record holder Steve Scott, 
800 meter Olympic champion Joaquim Cruz 
(who ran here two weeks ago), and a pecial 
appearance by the Estonian javelin team. 

The rea on for the unu ual abundance of 
international talent for UCSD" track and 
field event i twofold. 

First, a the ummer track ea on ap-

proaches, athletes like Scott and Cruz are 
looking for races, hosted under good condi-
tions , to tune up for tougher competition. 

The new UCSD track offers these world-
class competitor that opportunity. 

Second, there are track and field athletes, 
like those from UC Riverside, UC lrvin~ 
and Camp Pendelton 's Marine Corps, who 
come to the meet hoping to po t national 
qualifying time . 

The regular collegiate pring track sea-
on will be over in a matter of weeks, and 

athlete are de perate to meet the qualifying 
times. 

[n the actual events, the invited competi-

tors did not di appoint. 
The Estonian javelin throwers placed 1-

2-3 as Sulev Lepik beat his nearest team-
mate by 26 feet, with a mark of 253' 8". 

Steve Scott ran strong and easy from start 
to finish with atimeof3:44.71 inthe 1500m, 
breaking the previous track record by acom-
fortable five seconds. 

The old record, set two weeks ago, was 
held by Dub Myer of Athletes in Action at 
3:49.17. Myers finished econd to Scott on 
Saturday, clocking in at 3:51.81. 

Training partners Ocky Clark, repre ent-
ing the Mazda Track Club, and Joaquim 

ee TRA K, page 18 

Baseball Falls 
On Homer by 
The Master's 
in 11th Inning 
By DA VID POTICHA 
StajfWriter 

Knowing a regional bid could have been 
at stake, the UCSD baseball team traveled to 
The Master's College Saturday hoping to 
secure a berth with two victories. 

Luckily for the Tritons, the bids did not 
rest on their weekend performance - they 
lost an II-inning marathon 10-9 - while 
the Division ill national selection commit-
tee was still arguing about bids as late as yes-
terday afternoon. 

Whether UCSD is awarded a spot in the 
regionals will be decided on Thur day, ac-
cording to Triton Head Coach Lyle Yates. 

Saturday was not a day for starters in 
relief roles. 

Triton starting pitcher Mike Morgan gave 
way in the first inning to Dann Eaton, who 
entered the game with the Tritons trailing, 
3-0. 

However, UCSD (18-16-2) tied the con-
test at 3-3 in the second inning, pulled ahead 
5-3, and on catcher Anthony Sanchez' three-
run home run in the top of the seventh, took 
an 8-3 lead. 

In the bottom of the seventh, which was 
supposed to be the last inning of what be-
came a one-game doubleheader due to the 
length of the first game and planned gradu-
ation ceremonies, Eaton yielded a single, a 
homer, and another single before being 
replaced by U. Fisher. 

It was not Fi her's day, either, when he 
mimicked Eaton by surrendering a three-
run home run which evened the core at 8-8. 

The team traded runs in the eighth, but 
another run wa not po ted until Triton Rick 
Rupkey surrendered a solo home run to 
Mark MacArthur in the bottom of the 11th. 

ON THE HOMEFRONT 
THIS WEEK'S OON7 laS EVENT ... 

WHAT: Baseball 
WHEN: Wednesday at 2:30 p.m. 
WHO: San Diego State University 
WHERE: New Baseball Diamond on 
Old Miramar Rd. across from Scripps 
WHY: In their last regular season, the 
Tritons will try to gain revenge for a 12-
3 loss to SDSU two months ago. They 
will also be trying to gain a regional bid. 


