
WEEKEND 
EDllI : 
. OPINION 

The atmosphere was festive - by 
far the biggest party of the year. The 
food was free and plentiful. There 
were fully stocked bars every 50 
feet. The ratio was decent -
especially if you went for middle-
aged political toadies and synthetic 
media types. 

It was a grand, decadent affair. 
What better way to spend election 
night than at San Diego's Election 
Central1/PAGE 4 

• FEATURES 
The mind works in mysterious 

ways. Doodles, which stem from the 
unconscious, reflect people's 
innennost dreams, desires, and fears. 
Analyzing doodles is one of the keys 
to understanding human personality. 

With mnemonics~ memory recall 
is enhanced This practice is particu-
larly useful in tryiDa to RIDCJDber 
names and other thin&s. Several 
sources cite different methods of 
name reca11lPAGE 7 

.SPORTS 
The UCSD men's soccer team is 

three wins away from its ~ond 
national championship in three years. 

The next step comes tomorrow at 
the North Campus Recreation Area, 
when the Tritons host Wheaton in an 
NCAA Quarterfinal contest at 1 p.m. 

UCSD has already defeated CSU 
San Bernardino, 1-0 (OT) and St. 
Thomas 1-0 in the toumeylPAGE 12 

If you're in the mood for great 
comedy, you don't have to go far. La 
Jolla's Comedy Store provides some 
of the top comedians in the field. 

This week Hiatus takes an in-
depth look at the Comedy Store with 
interviews from comedians and the 
store's managerlPAGE HI 

INDEX ... 
Science News ...................... 2 
Opinion ................................. 4 
Features ............................... 7 
Hiatus ................................ H1 
Sports ................................ 12 

UCSD Professor Chadwell Loses 
Her Four-Year Battle With Cancer 
• Fun Run organized by friends, colleagues will 
continue tomorrow as planned to help pay bills 
By Peter Ko 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSD Physical Education Professor Diana 
Chadwell died early ye terday morning at the 
Lutheran Pavilion Hospital in Hou ton, Texas, 
ending her four-year battle with cancer. 

The cause of death was listed as pneumonia, 
the result of complications from her cancer 
treatments. 

According to Susan Groh, assistant to the 
chair of the PE Department, Chadwell devel-
oped breast cancer four years ago, but had 
been in remission until this past spring. 

After it was discovered that Chadwell had 
suffered a relapse and that the cancer had 
spread to her liver, she began an experimental 
treatment at the Anderson Cancer Center. 

According to Groh, the treatment con-
sisted of a bone marrow harvest and transplant 
in conjunction with intense chemotherapy. 

Chadwell had completed the first stage of 
her treatment, and was in the second stage 
when she developed pneumonia in early Oc-
tober, Groh said. 

Chadwell had been in intensive care until 

Wednesday moming, when the decision was 
made to remove her from a respirator, accord-
ing to Groh. Chadwell died at 4:30 a.m. 
yesterday. 

"Basically, the treatment just wiped out 
her immune system," Groh said. 

Chadwell drew attention recently when 
several students, friends, and colleagues or-
ganized a 5K Fun Run to help pay for her 
hospital bills, which are expected to be in 
excess of $100,000. 

According to Groh, the university's health 
insurance will not cover Chadwell's bills 
because the treatment she was receiving was 
experimental. 

According to Jeff Schlicht, one of the 
organizers of the run and a former student of 
Chadwell's, the run, scheduled for tomorrow , 
will continue as planned. 

"'The run is continuing. She developed 
some bills, and we want to help her family 
out," he said. 

"It's still important we get a lot of people 
out there. We want to provide the public with 
orne information about breast cancer and the 

Rlmas UzglrlslGuardian 
This barricade sits infront of the university-owned vacant dirt space east of the 
Torrey Pines Park Glider Port. Three of the more permanent barricades are 
barely discernable in the distance. 

University Erects Barricades to 
End Parking Near Glider Port 
By Phil Gruen 
Senior Staff Writer 

Six recently installed barricades lining 
the entrance to a remote dirt space due east 
of the Torrey Pines Park Glider Port have 
forced students without permits to find 
alternative places to park their vehicles. 

Each of the barricades contains a posted 
warning from the UC Regents, a "No 
Parking" sign, and a yellow road sign with 
nine reflectors above a wooden A-frame 
barrier. The barriers were officially in-
talled last Friday, and UCSD parking 

enforcement officers began patrolling the 
area shortly thereafter. 

UCSD Police Chief John Anderson 
aid there were liability reason for 

blockading the vacant lot, which is part of 
university-owned land. He added that igns 
have been po ted three time in e 1982, 
but they were stolen. 

"We feel thi i a afety i ue," aid 

Anderson, who admitted that the decision 
to eliminate parking from the open space 
was "personally" his, after the campus' 
liability concerns had been brought to his 
attention at a meeting ofUCSD planners a 
few weeks ago. 

Noting the lack of lighting around the 
dirt space, Anderson said that "[the lot] is 
an area removed from the general popu-
lation ... there were concerns about people 
walking back and forth at night.. . there 
was also theft from cars." 

He also pointed to other problems in the 
area, such as the presence of "bu h 
dwellers" and the curence of occasional 
"sexual propositon ." 

Anderson aid that a number of com-
plaint had been filed with the police de-
partment about the number of cars in the 
area, and al 0 from people whose cars had 
been broken into. He added that complaint 

See PARKING, page 6 

of UCSD PE Department 
Professor Diana Chadwell 
importance of early detection," Schlicht said. 

The run will begin north of the Gilman 
entrance to UCSD on Gilman Drive. Sign-ups 
forthe run begin at 7 :30 a.m. on Saturday. The 
entry fee for participants is $15, and $12 for 
students and seniors. 

Chadwell had been a faculty member since 
1974. She taught anatomy and kinesiology, 
and was in charge of campus health and 
fitness programs. 

Music Dept. Policy 
Angers Students, 
Computer Users 
By Jennifer Meadows 
Staff Writer 

The Associated Students will con ider a 
proposed re olution prote ting a Music De-
partment search of student computer files , in 
light of orne tudent concern that the action 
may be an invasion of privacy. 

Former Student Advocate Bard-Alan 
Finlan, who is now the issue coordinator with 
the current student advocate 's office, has pio-
neered the drafting of the re olution will be 
brought before the A.S. in the next few weeks. 

The proposal is in response to a computer 
memorandum from Music Department Chair 
Peter Farrel on a change in Mu ic Department 
policy. Directed to users of the Center for 
Music Experiment (CME), the message stated 
that the facilitie should only be u ed for 
computer music tudies, and warned that the 
contents of the ystem would be searched on 
Nov. 6. 

According to the memo, any unauthorized 
files would be dumped, and the userprivileges 
of the student revoked. 

The plans to earch the files have caused 
some music students to consider that the 
action may be a violation of students' right to , 
privacy, according to Finlan. 

CME Administrator John Lauer explained 
that the computers were purcha ed pecifi-
cally for computer music course tudy, but 
that some students were apparently mi using 
the lab facilities for unrelated activities. 

"Nobody likes creating more rules and 
regulations than you have to, but it was felt 
that in order to correct the e abu es, this was 
the be t way to go about it." Lauer aid. 

Lauer said that there i a "voraciou ap-
petite" for computer re ource on campu , 
and if they aren't limited to their intended 
purpo e, the re ource will be con umed. 

"Mu ic require an awful lot of torage:: 
Lauer aid," 0 there i orne ju titication for 

See MUSIC, page 3 



2 NEWS 

Award Winning Physicist to Join 
UCSO's Department of Physics 

Robert Dynes, one of the leading authorities on the 
physics of superconductivity, will join the UCSD faculty 
as a physics professor. 

Currently the director of the OtemicalPhysics Research 
Laboratory at AT&T BeU Laboratories, Dynes is the 
recipient of the Fritz London Prize for Low-Temperature 
Physics, the top award in his field. The London Prize cited 
Dynes for his pioneering experimental work on the con-
duction of electricity in metals. 

Ordinarily, three-dimensional metal wires will conduct 
electricity, and some metals such as niobium, aluminum, 
and lead will become "superconducting" - in other 
words,loseall resistancetoelectricity-ifthey are cooled 
to a low enough temperature, Dynes said. 

"I'm interested in what happens to conductivity in 
metals and superconductors when you reduce the di-
mensionality and force the electrons to interact in a 
different way. We've found that when you reduce a good 
conductor like gold to two dimensions by making it into 
a thin film only one or two atomic layers thick, its 
conductivity becomes marginal," Dynes said of his work. 

He added that be intends to continue his research by 
studying conductivity in one dimension. 

Using a technique called electron beam lithography, he 
has developed a way to make a mold or template for 
creating one-dimensional metal wires that are 20 to 30 
atoms wide and only one or two atomic layers thick. 

Starting in the Spring Quarter, Dynes will also teach an 
undergraduate course in condensed matter phy ics. 

Fellowships Awarded to Graduate 
Program in Science Studies 

The National Science Foundation (NSF) has awarded 
$1.2 million over the next five years to support graduate 
students, post-doctora1 fellows, and visiting faculty in 
UCSD's Science Studies Program. 

The Science Studies Program is a multidisciplinary 
program involving scholars from History, PPhilosophy, 

.The temperatures for 
Friday, Saturday, and 
Sunday in San Diego 

ounty: 

La Jolla 
74-76-77 

PAC F 
o C E A 

Source: Dan Atkins, National Weather ServiCl:!!iJ; 
Mel Marcelo/ Guardian 

The UCSD Guardian 

and Sociology in studies of how scientific enterprise works 
and science's role in society. 

The program, which is only one year old, is one of II 
research training groups selected for support by the NSF in a 
nationwide competition involving over 600 proposals. 

'This award, together with funding from the university, 
will allow us to provide support for all of our students in the 
first year and also the final year of the four.year program, 
when they will be writing doctoral dissertations," said Philip 
Kitcher, a philosophy professor who directs the program. 

UCSO's program is unique in the nation in integrating the 
perspectives of researchers in three disciplines, and also in 
requiring students to complete an internship in a scientific 
laboratory so that they have direct experience with scientific 
practice. Students major in a single discipline - History, 
Sociology, or Philosophy - and minor in the other two. 

Upcoming Seminars Held by the 
Chemistry, Physics Departments 

The Departments of Chemistry and Physics will each be 
holding seminars during the upcoming week. 
-Monday - Dr. Lawrence Hall of UC Berkeley will be 
speaking on "A Closed Baryonic Universe from Photon 
Cooling" at MH 4322 at 2 p.m. 
-Monday-Dr. Morris Bullock of the Brookhaven National 
Laboratories will speak on "Hydrogen Atom Transfer and 
Hydride Transfer Reactions of Metal Hydrides in Olefin 
Hydrogenations" at CSB 002 at 4 p.m. 
-Tuesday-Dr. Megan Urry of the Space Telescope Science 
Institute will give a lecture on "A Unified View of BL Lac 
Objects" at MH 4322 at 4 p.m. 
o Tuesday - Dr. David Chandler of the Sandia National 
Laboratory will be speaking on "Photofragment Imaging 
Studies ofFundarnental Processes". The seminar is to beheld 
in room 2102 of U rey Hall at 4 p.m. 
o Wednesday - Dr. Philip Platzman, of AT&T Bell Labora-
tories will speak on 'The Collapse of Quantum Hall Gaps in 
a Double Quantum Well System" at MH 4322 at 4 p.m. 
o Thursday-Dr. Maurice Montal of the UCSD Department 
of Physics, will give a lecture on "Molecular Design of 
Channel Proteins". The lecture will be held at the Molecular 
Genetics Room of CMG Lecture Hall at 12 p.m. 
o Thursday-Dr. Robert SchriefferofUC Santa Barbara will 
be speaking on "Understanding High Tc Superconductivity: 
Where do we stand?" at USB 2622 at 4 p.m. 
-Friday-JoSeph o 'Connor,professor in the UCSDDepart-
ment of Chemistry, will speak on "Invention and Discovery 
in the Field of Metal Caroene Chemistry". The seminar will 
be held in room 1 03 of Peterson Hall at 4 pm. 

Friday, November 9, 1990 

Complied by Kent Korzon, Senior Staff Writer 

Ttu1dIy, Nov. 1 
123) p.m.: A 1983 Ta.,.cU ~ _ stlIan .-om I.d 355. Loss: $3,700. 
2:25 p.m.: Till ... ~ ill excavaIor tu:IIIit from the CfI1caI SdImIs aikIng 
00I'L'lIIUdi0n erea _18pOII8d. Loas: $9,600. 
5:55p,m,:A 1990 HcnIaPRUie __ from UCSO wasAKXl\l8led byOoeanside 
poD 
6:22pm.: A SlIcIIn NpOIIIId the ~ theft of a 1987 t.4errufy Coogw from 
l.d 102. No loss was ftIPOII8d. 
AtdIr, Nov. 2 
12:45 am,: A 1973 Fc.d Galaxy was'" from l~ 504 becalse the r;jf aI;rm 
~1IlI11IIIIIl 
2:00 pm.: A studert was tralilporlBd to SUIen Heath from 1he Tl1rd CoIege 
~ aIIar _ oft a ~ IIRI daring Inlm IIIJIII8ia. 
2:10p,m.; Till thBII ~ c:riIrIlrD chairs from 1he CogiM Sciences UiRJ was 
AlpOI1Id. Loss: $1.eoo. 

SInIIJ, Nov. 4 
1 1:21 a,m.:Abicyttlilllloft abiqde_gcing 0\/81' aspeed bump on the AeYeIe 
acoea& IOIId by Mayar lit, The vidin IUtI8r8d a brdr.en tip ani was Ili'.8n by 
palamecic:s to Sa1lIl& MemoriaI~. 
12:50 a.m,: A 23-~«I non-aIIIafe was iWl'8SI8d klr drMng lI1der the ir6Jenc& 
ani resi6IiYol mel. Aaxlning to pcIce, alar ben; stowed by ~ who 
.n " isterad a laid sdlriety I8st, hlUpld led I'*> Ile canyon, on! was Icund 
at 220 am.1idng in a ~ at the Wanan Ap;I1rnerG. All oIicer suftered 
mi10r irf:Jries cimJ the iiIiaI struggle. 
7:37 p,m.: A saJderC NpOIIIId the theft 01 a ccy stereo from a 1988 VW in I.d 305. 
La;s:$200. 
10:10p.m,: A studert n!pOIIed the ~theft 01 a 1969 VW from I.d 2M, Two 
~ were _ from hwtit1e, Loss: $20. 

1IondIy, Nov. 5 
12:53 a.m; The1973 Fc.d Galaxy _.., again from l.d 504 QJe to the car 
alarm thai wOOd nat I8Ill!I. 

TUIIdIr, Nov, 6 
4:10a.m.: NIIIanII Ott Pab '--'. WIN Ta,w IIIIIIIIt 110m UCSO. 
12:30 pm.: A 3O-yIIr-dd ,.".... _ IfnIIIed til hIacer(~ in 
Car1ntII:I:my. AaxIItIg tI pcb, he IIIPQ8Id hinaeIf to a WOIIliIl, wh:I caIed 
pcb. HI_Illllald ..... 1lIMI1I1d Vri9Il1M1, 
7!JOp.m.:A SlIcIIn NpOIIIId ..... oI a 1979 T or,oda~.-om LaJola SoenIc 
DIM IIRI Sugarnw\ 1lIMI.l.aas: $2,001. 

GUARIJIAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, ManagIng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, Opinion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, Associate Sports Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Sports Editor 
JAMES COLUER, Design Editor 
GREG DIXON, Associate Opinion Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMILTON, Associate News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, Associate News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, Associate AIts Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, Associate Arts Editor 
PETER KO, Associate Sports Editor 
JENNIFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, AssoclBte Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, Arts/Entertainment Editor 
MEL MARCELO, Associate Graphics Editor 
SANGEETA MElITA, Associate Features Editor 
BRtAN MORRIS, Associate Photo Editor 
JULIE PUZON, Features Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Editor 
JASON SNELL, News Editor 
RIMAS UZGIRIS, Photo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, Associate Features Editor 
JENNtFER YANCEY, ArtS/Entertainment Editor 
_ StIff wn..: Mat 1lmII, Bryan Otas. Mi¥le P .. 18mok. _ Schwanz 
SIan w ...... : John Astraclf\ ZaGI1ary 80!118\ Pai Boihop. W~terS;1Is RacheI_n, Ken 
SoUIOn. GavIn ChrIsty. Palia Correa, James oar.w, Aott> ear- KtrIy Hall, Mly Kroot, Cory 
U:IsdIn,Sheny LaM.,..", Jerrifor Moodows, Megan01<eef •• Ken Perlman, T,,,,, PoweI,DetilIe 
AoserIIlaI, Er< 5ctvndt. Doug ShaddIe, JIje S"""""'-Gregory Waypa. ea..n WoodI'orpe, S/'oryI 
YloIcon, 0..._ 

~s; Greg Bonos, Dan CrpI, Aoben Hayasr', Dan McOoweI, Jenny Vam 
_"Ij"" CaYllO. Cam Lew l.eogIl AM8~, Kat)' Roe. Helen rIO, Mare 
UpIe,grOYe 
Edlorill_" r""" Htnry, James Ingman 
TypIstI:MoIssa Fowl, An KmwtIz. S-O'CoMeI, [)avo WI"'" 
COlI\' _ : Aael1eI -.n, H<iaIY 6Iankemom, Aar"" c-. 0'''Il_''' An 
Kr3WIIZ, QwruU!le, IluIndaO'St.Ctr.rl,..va PaIoIay, _ PaIaay,Jos5,e 5pmgeI, KalaS ...... 
Pr_,DoMoBtgley GraetClU.Andrlleoo..Kaf>eGoosella.raP,octor,s..zyW""." 
08 ... W'fM' 
TIUlIng _ : Seth SIalBr 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Oesigner 
E, LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 

~~ .. :KMra_,S"."yFI~,rllri_,Doug_ 
~ ........ , Lom! BtIongot, Oriel ClIvi, IloniU MaI<u:I\, PIOIO VaIadciid 
Ci'aIIIIIon: Ka S, Wq,.bo lit 

Friday, November 9,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

A.S. Requests Extension of P/NP Deadline 
By Anton BIttner 
Senior Staff Writer 

The Associated Students Coun-
cil unanimously approved a resolu-
tion Wednesday asking the Com-
mittee on Educational Policy (CEP) 
to extend the PassINo Pass grading 
option deadline to the fourth week 
of classes. 

The resolution will now be pre-
sented to the CEP on Monday, along 
with a student petition. Council 
members hope the petition will 
contain 5,000 sludent signatures, 
according to Gloria Corral, com· 
missioner of communications and a 
co-author of the resolution. 

nitely good." 
'The response I'm getting is, 

' it 's finally gening done,''' she said. 
The movement to change the 

grading option deadline started 
during the summer when A,S . 
PresidentJohn Edson began talking 
aboul the subject to Doug Smith, 
chair of the Academic Senate. 

Edson had expressed an interest 
in pushing for these changes during 
his campaign for A.S . president in 
the spring, and according to Corral, 
presenled the issue again to council 
this fall. 

adequate time to assess quarterly 
work load." 

"I think the students' GPAs here 
takearea1beating ... they can't wait 
until after their fust midterm [to 
decide upon their grading option]," 
said University Center Board Di-
rector Nick Long during council 
discussion of the resolution. 

The resolution points oul thai 
most UC campuses have a much 
later deadline for PassINo Pass de-
cisions, citing UCLA (sixth week), 
UC Irvine (sixth week), and UC 
Riverside (seventh week) as ex-
amples. 

UC Berkeley recently pushed its 
PassINo Pass deadline back to the 
eighth week of classes. 

NEWS 3 

The ··Other-· Copy Center 

II" Self-Serve Macs II" Word processing II" Desktop Publishing II" Typewriters 
Expert Rssistance Rvai/ab/e Corral, who said that she had personally gotten about 250 signa-

tures, will be in the Price Center 
Plaza loday trying to meet the 
council's petition goal. 

Corral and the other resolution 
authors - Muir Sophomore Sena-
tor Susan Ledwith, Vice-President 
Exlemal Molly McKay, and Com-
missioner of Academic Affairs 
Annette Mosley - took over the 
project at that time. 

At no point during the debate did _____________________ _ 

any of the council members voice - 250 /0 Off 
an opposition to the proposed reso- - 7C -

-- 4 1 50 Aegv'(,ts Po~ Pow She reported that well over 1,500 
signatures were received by 
Wednesday. The petitions have been 
circulating through campus organi-
zations since last Monday and Corral 
said that response has been "defi-

The current university policy, 
which requires students to make a 
decision on their grading option by 
the second week of classes, is criti-
cized in the resolution, stating that 
the present deadline "does not give 

lution : 
I f ex tension of the PassINo Pass _ 

deadline is approved by the CEP, -
-

the decision will then go to the Aca- _ 
demic Senate's Representative As-
sembly. 

ASSOCIATED STUDENTS MEETING IN BRIEF 
Appointments: 
o La'Chelie Brewster- A.S. Representative to the Enrollment Projections Review Committee 
o Cynthia Dockery - A.S. Representative to the Day Care Advisory Committee 
o Scott Eliason - A.S. Representative to the UCSD Park Committee 
o Poncho Guevara - A.S. Representative to the ISSE Committee 
o Mordecai Potash - A.S. Representative to the Student Building Advisory Committee 
Senate Appointments: 
o Paul Wilcox - Senate Chair 
o Patrick Dwyer - Senate Chair Pro Tern Meeting Date: 
o Amy Vanderlinden - Senate Clerk Wednesday, November 7 
Resignations: ' 
o Arlene Castillo - A.S. Executive Secretary 

MUSIC: Policy called 'invasion of priva~y' 
Continued from page 1 
making sure the machines are used 
for what they are intended." 

Finlan did not agree with sug-
gestions that the search is justified. 

'''There are other ways of admin-
istering [the system], such as quota 
limits on space usage which they 
already have, but to actually search 
students' files I believe is a possible 
invasion of privacy," Finlan said. 

Anthony Wood, director of the 
Instructional ComputerCenter, aid 
that the A.S. asked him to offer 
input for their investigation of the 
proposal. He wrote a lener in which 
he outlined his opinions about the 
privacy is~ue. 

"Basically I said (thought CME 
had a legal right to do whatever they 
wanted in that regard," Wood said. 
" I based that on the fact that they 
gave a warning before they removed 

that privilege." 
Wood said he didn't interpret the 

action of the Music Department as 
an invasion of privacy. 

'They are, after all, the owners 
of that equipment," he said. 

Wood also pointed out that in the 
corporate world, many companies 
have similar policies and police their 
own systems to keep employees 
from using the computers for acti vi-
ties that are not work-relaled. 

Finlan compared the Music 
Department's perusal of the user 
files to illegal searches of student 
lockers or dorm rooms. 

"Just because the university owns 
the dorm room or locker doesn' t 
give the university a right to enter 
and search for materials that may be 
illegal without either a search war-
rant or a health and safety emer-
gency ," he said. 

Finlan explained that he objects 
to the across-the-board nature of the 
policing action. which he believes 
should be focused on the investiga-
tien of particular suspected abuses. 

Finlan added that he bas sought 
outside legal advice on the com· 
puter privacy issues which will be 
raised in the proposed resolution, 
including thai of attorney Mark 
Rotenberg, the director of an orga· 
nization called Computer Profes-
sionals for Social Responsibility. 

According to Finlan, Rotenberg 
has served as legal council for the 
SenateJudiciary Committee and has 
testified before Congress about 
computer privacy maners. 

"[Rotenberg] thinks we have a 
legitimate concern and has offered 
to help us by reviewing our resolu-
tion from a legal point of view," 
Finlan said. 

The Comic Gallery 
675·B N. Broadway 

Escondido, CA 92025 
Counlly Comer Shopping Cent., 

Broadway' Washington (619)745-5660 
4414 Balboa Ave. 

Son DIego, CA 92117 
comer 04 IoIboa a Cl<*emont Dr. 

-Next to lucky Mork"-(619)483-4853 

All Macintosh S8rvicul - La ,!olio 
: (By Ben eli Jefrls) 

-

with this oc:I 
:TIres 11131190 

_ 457·1 007 

-

--~:-,-=-~, Let Us Earn Our Stripes! _ 

Spirits 
of 

St. Germain 

Open Friday & 
Saturday 

unHI2a.m. 
Frtt DIIIvIry In La Jolla. GoldIn TrtangIt 

..... on all order. $35 and OVII' 

San Diego' Most Unique Liquor Store 
3251 Holiday Court, Suite 101 • La Jolla · 455-1414 



OPINION 
4 OPINION The UCSD G u ardian Friday, N o vember 9 , 1990 

COMMENTARY 

THE CARNIVAL OF SLEAZE 
• Reflections on 
election night 1990 
By Ben Boychuk, Opinion Editor 

GOLDEN HALL, OOWNTOWN SAN DIEGO-
The atmosphere was festi ve - by far the biggest party 
of the year. The food was free and plentiful. There were 
fully-stocked bars every 50 feet. The ratio was decent 
- especially if you went for middle-aged political 
toadies or staunch, synthetic media-types. 

It was a grand, decadent affair- and it won't 
happen again for another two years. What better way to 
spend election night than at Election Central? 

For the amateur political scientist, it was like being 
the kid with free reign of the toy store. The gang was 
all there: the fat, slightly-greasy pollster with the 
cigarette-breath and the cheap polyester suit; the local 
TV news anchorman with his impeccable uit and his 
plastic hair; the political analyst, looking scholarly; and 
the mother of the town-council candidate waving a 
cumbersome campaign sign. 

The location mayor may not have lent well to the 
occasion - depending on your state of mmd. The large 
hall where the returns came in melled of stale beer and 
shoes in desperate need of deodorant. There was a faint 
_ almost imperceptible - smell of moldy decay. The 
hall was hideously decorated. TIle walls were lined 
with gaudy urtains - brown, orange, and a dirty gold 
color which had the texture of fiberglass. 

The place was the qumtes ential media circus. All of 
the local station~ were there, broadcasting live and 
direct to your TV set. 

At times, the crowd would erupt in cheers and 
chants - often in hope of.being caught m the lens of a 
television camera. It was a political gangland. The 
Libertarians were there, chanting "No more years! 0 
more years!" in support of term-limit initiatives. 

The College Repubhcans were 
there, too, looking Shal1' 
in therr slIck, though 
conservative suits. 

Sheriff candldate~ 
Jack Drown and Jim 
Roache were there WIth 
thetr respective entou-
rages. You could always 
pick a Drown supporter 
out of the crowd' they 
all wore shirts with a 
picture of a roach 
surrounded by a rt:d circle 
with a Ime through It. 

"Roache-buste!'!>." Clever. 
Roache won. He smiled 

and gave a "thumbs· up" sign to 
reporte!'!>. 'The fat lady sung," 
he said. 

But what would election night 
have been without an element of the 
bizarre? Politics, like religion and 
television, attracts some very strange - if 

,'Roch wore a sky-blue 
tuxedo, with a matching top-
hat and a huge bow tie. He 
had four earrings in each 
ear, and on his enormous 
fingers were even more 
enormous tourquoise rings. 
Slung over his shoulders 
was a sign that said simply: 
IRe-elect No One. '" 

not disturbed individuals. Amidst a sea of conservatively 
dressed men and women a burly man named Roeh emerged 
tpronounced "Rock" - not "Roache" like the Sheriff). 

Roch wore a Sky-blue tuxedo, with a matching top-hat 
and a huge bow tie. He had four earrings in each ear, and 
on his enormous fmgers were even more enormou 
tourquoise rings. Slung over his shoulders was a sign that 
said imply: "Re-elect No One." 

When one reporter attempted to take is photograph, he 
waved his hand - indicating that he wanted the reporter to 
wait a moment. He pulled what appeared to be a wallet out 
of his front left pocket. However, when he opened it, it 
bun;t into flames. He gave the reporter a toothy grin and an 
excellent photo opportunity. 

Had he kept his wallet open any longer, though, he 
would have inadvertently set his sign ablaze. He either 
didn't notice or didn ' t seem to care that his sign was 
charred. 

Roeh was a freindly enough fellow. He said that he runs 
for mayor every four years, "unless I commit a felony in-
between." 

Roeh was in good company. There was another man 
wandering around 

the floor carrying a sign reading "Build Bigger Bombs 
Now!" and ' 'Tax The Poor!" Unlike Roeh, he didn 't talk 
much. 

One obviously drunk, elderly man approached a 
table of reporters and inquired as to the legality of his 
intoxication at the event. " Is it legal to get drunk here 
tonight?" he asked, "Cause I'm halfway there ... " 

A number of homeless people wandered into the 
hall. Election night at Golden Hall was a good night for 
the down-and-out. There was plenty of free food for 
everyone; a golden opportunity for someone who hasn't 
had a decent meal in days. A few tried to panhandle, but 
were mostly ignored. One bag-lady stood in the lobby 
holding a "Wilson for California's Future" sign. 

It was a carnival - an absurd camival where the 
slime of electoral politics came out of their dimly-li t, 
smoke-filled back rooms and hob-nobbed with the big 
boys. Politicians made small talk with their brethren and 
interest groups did what little lobbying they could. 

It was a high-tech carnival where television and radio 
stations from all over San Diego and abroad rolled in 
their mobile satellite-relay trucks, and their half-million 
dollar cameras in hopes of catching a gl impse or two of 

the night's biggest star: Pete Wilson. 
The press and Wilson 's hundreds of supporters 

were not disappointed - much. Wilson appeared at 
I I :55 p.m. Met with wild chants of "Pete! Pete! Pete!" 
He gave a rather cryptic, standard "thank you" speech. 
He spoke of girls in wheelchairs and poor kid~ becom-
ing Supreme Court justices. 

The message was "Under Wilson, every Californian 
will have a chance to excel." But seve["'d1 observers 
could not help but wonder if Wilson had not dipped a 
bit too much in to the pre-victory celebration punch. 
Wilson left, and apparently took most of his supporters 
with him. It was interesting to watch the various TV 
stations go on the air at I :45 a.m. just after the networks 
announced a Wilson victory. 

One Los Angeles anchorman stood in the remains of 
Wilson 's once-elaborately decorated campaign 

headquarters and apologized for 
being unable to get a 

comment from 
anyone. Everybody 
had gone 
home. 

Election night 
I 990 was a lesson 

in political reality. It 
was a I1Ight when 

politicians and their 
disc iples washed off 

the dirt and sleaze 
collected over their 

previous tenns and trit:<! to 
act decent, hoping to be 

absolved by their com.ti tuents 
of their sins. 

If this is what election night is 
like every time, I can ' t wait until 

1992. 

, , It was a carnival - an 
absurd carnival where the 
slime of electoral politics 
came out of their dimly-lit, 
smoke-filled back rooms 
and hob-nobbed with the 
big boys. Politicians made 
small talk with their breth-
ren and interest groups 
did what little lobbying they 
could." 

Mel Marcelo/Guardian 

Friday, November 9, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Men Don't Respect Wo·men 
Editor: 

In response to L. James Rob-
erts' letter defending many of the 
corruptions in our SOCiety, I must 
say that I am appalled. Mr. Roberts 
exemplifies all that Mr. Bach was 
referring to in his article, "Male 
Morals Must Change." 

First, you are correct in saying 
that sex sells, but it is not because 
women have a strong desire to 
have a half-naked woman offer 
them beer! It is a male concept; 
originated by men and propagated 
by men. 

As far as the dancers at Pacer's 
(or anywhere else for that matter) 
are concerned, do you really be-
lieve that they want to be dancing? 
Despite your belief, girls do not 
grow up saying things like, "When 
I grow up I want to be a topless 
dancer." Perhaps you have never 
heard of the word survival. 

Do you think that dancers enjoy 
having men ogle them, touch them, 
and degrade them? Women who 
work in such establishments do 
not do so '10rthe fun of it." It is not 
enjoyable sacrificing one's self 
respect for the sake of surviving 
and/orfeeding and clothing a child. 

As far as women who frequent 
bars in mini -skirts and crotchless 
panties, how would you know what 
they were wearing unless you were 
avoiding eye contact? The reason 
sex sells, Mr. R'rJberts, is because 
of narrow-minded pigs like your-
self who cannot seem to look above 
the neck of a woman - except 
perhaps your mother! 

Mr. Roberts, you have a w3lped 
view towards sex. Sex is nothing 
to be ashamed of, but something to 
be enjoyed. However, I would hope 
that respect for one another would 
come into play. Your bhtant and 
tacky comment towards Mr. Bach 
shows your inability to respect 
anyone - dare I say, even a man. 

One more thing, Mr. Roberts, I 
pity any woman who has the mis-
fortune of running into you unless 
it was with a semi. 

Sharon Banta 

Roberts Respoilds 
Editor: 

In regards to the letter of Ms. 
Collins, Reid, and Meinhardt 
("Women Are Not Objects," Oct. 

31), I fear that I may have assumed 
too much. 

When I wrote that any attitude 
about sell is healthy, I assumed 
that I was going to be read by 
rational people withratioruiI views 
on sex (i.e. safe sex between con-
senting adUlts). 

For you to bring up child por-
nography troubles me greatly. I 
don', even consider that a view on 
sex, much less a rational one and it 
leads me to wonder why you even 
thought of it. 

Secondly, you don't seem to 
understand the concept of adver-
tisement. 

Is it sexist for successful female 
fashion models to advertise make-
up products? Is it sexist for retired 
sports greats to advertise beer? 

Well, these are questions we 
must all answer for ourselves. 
However, advertisement is not, as 
you put it so broadly, "commercial 
exploitation" of anybody. 

What advertising attempts to 
accomplish is to exploit a person's 
appeal and whether that appeal is 
sexual or not is up to the person 
that the ad is affecting to decide. 

So, to answer your question, I 
draw the line between rational and 
irrational thought. I draw the line 
between what advertisement is and 
what it is not. 

You say that women are not 
objects and I agree, nobody is. But 
if we let advertising shape any of 
·ourviews positively or negatively, 
we become objects and we cannot 
let this happen. 

Sadly though, in your cases, I 
feel it already has. 

L. James Roberts 

South Africa 
Praised By 
Students 
Editor: 

Thank you, President Bush, for 
recognizing the truly irreversible 
nature of democratic refonn in 
South Africa. Now the United 
States can focus its energy on ac-
tively participating in the creation 
of a market-oriented, democratic 
South Africa. 

It is not enough for Americans 
to simply encourage democratic 
refonn. We must also do our part 

AreW. Knee-Jerk 
" Reactionaries? 
What Do You "'ink? 

The UCSD Guordian welcomes your letters 
and commentaries. Drop your letter at the 
Guardian offices (on the second Roor of the . 
old StudentCenler, above the General Store) 
or mail it to: 

Op'inion Editor 
Guardian 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jol~a{ CA 92093'()316 

Letters ShoulO be typed, doub~, 
and should include a signature and a phone 
number. Unsigned IeHers will not be printed. 
We reserve tile right to edit for length and 
clarity. 

to assure its success. Too many 
countries in southern Africa have 
achieved political independence, 
only to see the people succumb to 
economic destitution, poverty, civil 
war, military dictatorships, and 
one-party states. We must not al -
low this· to happen in South Africa. 

Significant economic interac-
tion between S6uth Africa and the 
west will be necessary to help al-
leviate South Africa's problems of 
unemployment, rapid urbanization, 
poor education, and other social 
difficulties. The United States and 
other countries must also pressure 
all political parties in South Africa 
to participate in the creation of a 
new constitution, and we must 
make it clear that violence and 
intimidation will not be allowed to 
destroy the reform process. 

I commend George Bush for 
meeting with President de KIerle 
and recognizing the irreversible 
nature of de KIerk's reform ef-
forts. With the help of the west, 
democratic reform in South Africa 
will succeed. 

Lance E. Peters 

Editor: 
The F.W. de K1erk government 

of South Africa recently made good 
on another demand of the African 
National Congress by releasing 21 
political prisoners. Since de KIerk 
took office, he has made profound 
and irreversible changes in the di-
rections of South African internal 
policy. Starting with the legaliza-
tion of the ANC, and subsequent 
release of Nelson Mandela, Presi-
dent de Klerk has proven his 
govemrnent's commitment to de-
mocracy for all in South Africa. 
His leadership brings to South Af-
rica the first real opportunity for a 
lasting peace and equal rights for 
all citizens. In order for his visions 
to become reality, however, a s0-
lution to the pressing problem of 
tribal rivalries must be found. 

1beexplosionofblacle vs. black 
violence in South Africa can be 
directly attributed to the rivalries 
of different tribes within the ANC 
and Inkatha political organizations. 
The warfare has left hundreds dead 
and literally millions of people 
afraid to leave their homes. Black 
leaders haye caIled on the govern-
ment to stop the ki lling but in nearly 

BENSON 

,.~ .. ,;----

the same breath, condemn the 
government's actions against per-
petrators of the violence. 

Clearly, President de KIerk has 
a monumental task in front of him. 
With his commitment and rapid 
movement toward a new South 
Africa, perhaps it is time that the 
United States government re-ex-
amine our South Africa policy. 
They need our help, not our criti-
cism! 

Tom W. Rummel 

TV Is Unsafe 
Editor: 

Television. What is it really? Is 
it a box full of integrated circuits 
connected to a cathode ray tube?Is 
it America's favorite pastime? 
Could it be a device which is used 
to control and manipulate anyone 
unfortunate enough to watch it? 
Or is it Hollywood's idea of real-
ity? If you answered yes to all of 
the above questions, then you are 
correct. 

As a child I had my share of 
TV. Before and after school car-
toons were my favorite. I hated the 
news. Friday nights were spent 
watching Love Boat and Fantasy 
Island. The cool cartoons played 
on Saturday morning. On Sun-
days, I could be found watching 
Popeye, the Three Stooges, 
Giligan's Island, or whatever I 
thought was worthwhile. 

MTV arrived when I was in 
sixth grade. By this time I was 
hopelessly addicted to the set and 
MTV soon became another grain 
of (xx:aine in my daily line of TV 
watching. 

No doubt my experience is 
sirnilar to many of yours. Let's 
face it: TV is an extremely addict-
ing and powerful drug. 

Blow up your TV. I know this 
sounds drastic, but it works. If you 
don't have any dynamite, then get 
rid of your set; take it borne where 
it belongs. 

Slowly reduce your TV time 
until you reach 0 hours, or what-
ever you think is a reasonable 
amount of time to throwaway 
each day. What to do with your 
newly found time? Study. Make 
love to your girlfriend or boyfriend. 
Exercise. Philosophize. 

If you do have to watch TV, 

OPINION 5 

then don't watch commercials. I 
can't stress this enough. It's kind 
of like drinking and driving. What 
could be a bigger w3§te of time or 
more dangerous to your rnind? 
Train yourself not to pay any anen-
tion to them whatsoever. Com-
mercials are bad for you and should 
be avoided at all costs. 

Ever wonder why society is so 
violent? People on TV use vio-
lence to solve problems. Also, TV 
promotes stereotypes, racism, 
sexism, the beautiful people, just 
to name a few things which creep 
into our lives through the set. 

There is some good to the tube, 
such as educational programs, 
which if watched, can enlighten an 
individual and even expand his 
horizons. The news isn' t too bad, 
but you' re better off reading the 
newspaper. 

Watching rarely requires us to 
think, right? That's why we watch, 
to relax our minds. We fail to real-
ize that this seemingly innocent 
pastime can have drastic conse-
quences, such as shortening our 
attention spans. Just ask any el-
ementary school teacher. 

I fear for future generations. 
Nothing scares me more than 
knowing thattoday'schildren have 
no one except a TV set (and the 
New Kids) to look up to. 

I fear for our generation. Don't 
be stupid. When it comes to TV, 
just say no. 

Don Hodges 

Why Isn't 
Your 
LeHer 
Here? 

Write the Guardian 



6 NEWS 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap -Only $48 

No! a IBn1JomY wUar losS ; ~ caUII and s\JeIch marIIs 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct 1204 

•• __ .... 455-0909 ~11t:10111O 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
c;, Turtle Wax Sealer 

8505 Costa Verde Blvd •• 587·4844 
COSTA ~ 
VERDE 'WI 
CAR. WASH WE RECYCLE 

OUR WATER 

, -~UCSD 

I! 
L_ JolI_ VIII_II. Dr. 

l I I ~b.1 Dr. J 
UTe 

II 
~ 

z • ® 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
-----------------------

: Full Service $:2 99 : 
: S~~6~ f~J! !~§tl J ",..,. : 
I C <\R WASil No! valid willi any Dtner oftar. SAVE $4.01 I 

Expires Dec. 31,1990. I L ______________________ _ 

ool~ new music 
~AI.la.t a. • 
W IJ new nce.tl 

the darlina buds 
crawdaddy _ 

including : 
CrysUoI C_,It-" No_.'F .. ' 

_"s....,..sc_ 

.',:' Compte\ OIec Clne"l 
·::·j:·:.:·7 99 4.99 
:::=:::/" • 

SALE ENDS NOVEMBER 13, 1'10 

The UCSD Guardian Friday, Novanbcr 9,1990 

PARKING: Lot closed to student parking 
Continued from pege 1 
had come from glider port officials 
in the past 

The decision to prohibit paJ1cing 
in the area has left some frequent 
users irate. 

Range Development Plan, but that 
it won't be developed until at least 
10 years down the road. Aguilar 
explained that the area could be 
used for fields, or perhaps a recre-

which belong to the city. Fimecy 
said that because the WlIllIII'Ited area 
is city property, ''people park at 
their own risk." 

". think this is ridiculous," 
said Ned Williamson, a Muir 
College junior who has parked 
in the space since the begin-
ning of the school year. 

" We might as well park in 
Del Mar and take a helicop-
ter to campus." 

While campus police patrol cars 
will continue to periodically 
patrol the now-closed dirt 
space, Finnecy said that the 
campus parking enforcement 
will now include the area as 
part of its regular beat. Those 
who continue to park there 
will be cited for "Violation 
of Posted Signs," a $20 pen-

''1be pennits cost enough 
as it is... they keep pushing 
[the students] farther and far-

-Ned Williamson, 
Muir College Junior 

ther away. We might as well park in 
Del Mar and take a helicopter to 
cantpUS." 

The price of paJ1cing pennits in-
creased from $171 at the beginning 
of Fall Quarter 1989 to $198 at the 
start of this year. 'The area surround-
ing the glider port has been a site of 
refuge for students who either could 
not afford the permits, or preferred 
not to purchase them. 'The students 
can walk from the glider port area to 
the remote Third College Lots, 
where many make use of UCSO's 
free shuttle system to bring them 
into the main campus. 

"I figured they were going to cut 
[the area) off," said Warren College 
junior Dave Linberg, who has also 
made use of the space in the past. 
"They always seem to do this. It's 
typical of the regents' penny-pinch-
ing practices to cut off some of the 
only convenient free parking left 
off-campus." 

Both Anderson and Howard 
Finnecy, assistant manager of 
UCSO's Department ofPaIking and 
TransponarionServices, denied that 
the reasoning behind the blockade 
had anything to do with encourag-
ing students to buy permits, thereby 
bringing more money into the uni-
versity. 

'''There is a long-standing rule 
that in areas not designated forpark-
ing. you don't parle there," Finnecy 
said. He added that the area is also 
"environmentally sensltive," and 
that its usage must be approved by 
the state coastal commission. 

Anderson pointed out that the 
coastal commission must approve 
every proposed project east of Inter-
state 5 in this area. 

ational building, but there are no 
immediate plans for the site. 

FJimination ofparking in the area 
does not include the unmarked curb 
along Torrey Pines Scenic Drive 
adjacent to the dirt space,nor the dirt 
lOIS closer to the glider port, both of 

alty, according to Finnecy. 
Some of the signs were spray-

painted with black paint either late 
Wednesday night orear\y Thursday 
morning. Asofpress time, the UCSO 
Police Department did not have any 
record of the vandalism. 

Pat Aguilar, campus director of 
physical planning, said that the site 
is designated for "recreational" use 
of some kind in UCSO's Long 

The "No Parking- barricades put up by the administration were 
recently sprayed over with black paint. 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

-Free Pregntuu:y Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

ePregnancy Termination 
eGeneral or Local Anesthesia 
-Low Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conception) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
eStudent Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

r;r;r.1 
~ocho;ce 

... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

Friday, November 9, 1990 

FEATURES 
The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 7 

Graphic by Jeff QuanlGuardian 

I Mind tricks help enhance 
people's ability to recollect 

names, according to psychologists 
By Gavin Christy 
Staff Writer 

"Don't tell me. I know it, I swear. 
It's on the tip of my tongue. All right, 

give me a hint." 
How many time have we aLi been engaged in 

thi verbal banter? How often have we been in a 
situation where we have met someone and, for the li fe of us, 

can't remember his or her name? Or someone tries unsuccess-
fully to remember ours? 

Since most of us meet people briefly in such places as lecture 
halls, lines, smaller classes, intramural matches, or while 
working, the answer to these questions is, probably quite often. 

Many attribute this carelessness to the fast pace of college 
life and complain that they don't have the time or the inclination 
to remc:mber people's names. After all, they have enough 
information to remember from heir classes. 

One must remember though that recalling a person's name 
works both ways. 

In his book How to Win Friends and Influence People. Oale 
Camegie asserts that "we should be aware of the magic con-
tained in a name and realize that this single item is wholly and 
completely owned by the person with whom we are dealing ... 
and nobody else." 

How do people establish a reference point that a name gives 
if they can't even remember the person's name with whom they 
had invested time and energy? 

"Remember that a person's name is to that person the 
sweetest and most important sound in any language," said 
Carnegie. 

Unlike any other utterance, using a person's nanle gives a 
quick and immediate respon e. To te t this, go to the Price 
Center, yell out a friend 's name who you see there, and see how 
feverishly that person looks around to locate the origin of this 
exclamation. Or go up to someone who works in Food Services 
on campus, refer to lhem by name, and see how responsive they 

become to your needs. 
Realizing the importance of names, there are a few things we 

must do to better our recollection of them. 
Dr. 10hn Wixted, a UCSO psychology professor who 

conducts research in the area of word memory recall. said. 
"Don 't let the name be isolated and solely connected with the 
individual. It is better to elaborate on the name and put it in a 
larger emantic context." 

Wixted added that when you wish to encode a person' name 
into memory, you should use a retrieval cue such as a distinc-
tive feature of the person's face. 

"The next time you meet that person, you won't be presented 
with their name, but their distinctive feature will still be there," 
he said. 

Whether this feature is a big nose, small ears, or bushy 
eyebrows is unimportant as long as this distinction prompts 
memory recall, he said. One could go so far as to compile as 
much information about the person as possible in one's mind 
and, the more associations there are, the easier it will be to 
recall the other person's name. 

Another reason people have difficulty recalling names is the 
fact that when they are introduced to a person, they don't really 
hear the name. Oftentimes people may mumble their own 
names or say them very quickly. 

It is paradoxical that people have an acute sense of hearing 
when people call them by name. and yet stumble through it 
when they deliver it. And more often than not, people are too 
embarra ed to simply say, ''I'm sorry, I didn' t hear your 
nrune.u 

Since peoples' names are one of their most prized po ses-
ions, it' a compliment to make even the slightest fuss over it, 

a cording to Wixted. 
In the Memory Book, Harry Lorayne and Jerry Lucas explain 

that to remember a person's name with their face, one should do 
three things. 

See NAMES, Page 9 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Friday, November 9, 1990 

Abbdabbs Plays" Abecedarian" With Student Work 
By Kerry Hall 
Staff Writer 

It ' s a chance for the writers of UCSD to put aside 
their fears and get their fiction or poetry out of the 
closet and into the public view. It ' s an opportunity to 
try getting something published, and it's provided 
by the editors of Abbdabbs. 

"We wanted Abbdabbs to be sort of an intermedi-
ate journal, before you bear your soul to the real 
world," said Poetry Editor Lianna McSwain. 

Abbdabbs is a campus journal of literature and 
arts published twice a year. They accept submissions 
of student fiction, poetry, art , and black and white 
photography. 

It's easier to get published on campus than in the 
real world, and Abbdabbs enables students to get 
something in their portfolio. 

"Whenever you go out and want to get a job as a 
writer, the first thing they ask you is, well, have you 
written? You need something to show them," said 
McSwain. 

According to Adanl Burke, fiction editor, the 
magazine was started by a bunch of 'freaky ' English 
people. As to the name, Abbdabbs, the current editors 
aren't really sure what it means. They surmise it 
might have to do with the fact that it's also the name 
of the bootleg Pink Floyd albums. However, 
McSwain likes to think it has to do with the word, 
abecedarian, meaning someone who plays with 
letters. 

Abbdabbs is funded by the A.S. and receives the 
right amount to print 40 pages per issue and approxi-
mately 2,000 copies, which they distribute mainly on 
campus. It is published twice a year and submissions 
are due at the end of every sixth week at the under-
graduate literature office. 

According to the editors, their latest issue, "My 
Big Monkey" was really well-received last spring. 

"People keep coming up to me and saying, when' s 
the new Abbdabbs coming out? It ' s flattering, it's 
just a student magazine, but people actually like it," 
McSwain said. 

Professor Donald Wesling of the Literature 
Department was so impressed that he mailed it all 
over the world to his friends as an example of what's 
going on at the UCSD literature scene. 

She was disappointed, however, at the lack of 
good poetry submissions. 

" What I'm looking for is people who can express 
an original idea without having too many technical 
errors. I don ' t care so much about mispeUed words, 
just an original idea," she said. 

She warns potential writers against cliches and the 
trite. Burke also commented on the amount of angry 
people who make submissions, especially in the area 
of poetry. "Phrases such as ' the fire burning in my 
soul' are dead giveaways of a break-up," he said 
jokingly. 

Lack of submissions also occurs in other areas, 
such as the fiction section. 

"The job of editor means you hllve to make a fool 
of yourself in public places to get people to submit. 
You almost have to get into their house and get it 
from them," said Burke. " You have to hound people 
to get enough good submissions, find them under 
rocks and in strange places." 

Despite that, Burke feels optimi tic towards the 
magazine this quarter because he feels Abbdabbs has 
improved over the year. 

" People keep coming up to me and 
saying, when's the new Abbdabbs 
coming out. It's flattering, it's just a 
student magazine, but people actually 
like it." 

- Lianna McSwain, Poetry Editor 

" It's good because the better the magazine becomes 
the more people want to be involved. Then it becomes 
just a matter of setting deadlines instead of soliciting for 
submissions," he added. 

"We're looking for a new way to talk about the same 
kind of feelings that have been going on since back at 
the caves," said Burke. This is the idea behind Abbdabbs 
itself. 

"It comes down to a question of taste. No matter 
how many mechanical things you can justify or empha-
size as being good or bad, it all comes down to the fact 
that this magazine is four people who sit and talk about 
what we're looking for and then come to a conclusion as 
to the nature of each issue," he continued. 

Future submitters need to keep this in mind, he urged. 
"It's important to have a really thick skin when you 

submit and not a big ego about rejection. It's not a 
commentary on your work, because thaI is the way the 
real world is . You submit and you get rejected more than 
you get accepted," Burke said. As far as the fiction 
section in Abbdabbs, Burke looks for stuff he finds 
striking. 

The first time, a story is read is for emotional content. 
If Burke likes it, he tries to go back and find why he 
liked it mechanically. He also feels an obligation to go 
over work he didn't like and once again discover why it 
didn't work mechanically. 

Submissions are then returned to their authors witll a 
written critique, explaining what they liked, which 
concepts were great, and so on, but also explaining why 
it was not suitable to their present needs. 

"That way we don't alienate people who are submit-
ting and reading. Maybe by doing this people will 
understand what a good piece of fiction or poetry is 
about," McSwain said. 

McSwain and Burke's advice to writers is to network 
and get in touch with other writers and honestly appraise 
each others material. 

"The single most important thing a writer can do is 
write," said McSwain. 

Burke and McSwain will both be graduating and 
looking for someone to take their places on the staff. 

''If anyone wants 10 know how to become an editor, 
there 's only one qualification. You just have to want to 
do it. Be enthusiastic," said McSwain. 

" All we have is our own sensibilities. We wouldn't 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

FAIRMAIR'S 

USED 501'5 
NEW CLIENTS 

ONLY 

• Full Set ... ... .. .... ... ... $16.95 
• Fills ..... ... .. ........ ...... $10.95 
• Pedicure ........... ..... $10.95 
• Manicure .. .. ... .. ....... . $5.95 

Most doctoral students (64·9t%). aher 
completing their oourse work. remain with 
a dissenatlOfl pending completIOn indefl· 
nltely. Among these ABDs (A1I·B:Hhe· 
Dissertation) are g~nera "y found the 
bfIQhtest and mosl creative candidates. 
AddreSSing thoSE e \~ments Involved In de· 
laYing completIOn. the workshop guides 
partICipants, Irom beginning to lollowlng 
through and co~\etlOn. paM:ularly aher 
years of Inactivity and regardless 01 where 
they are in the process 

Workshop informailon 
985-0426 

Postgraduate Group 

COSTUM~S 
FUN, FUNKY 
FUNTIONAL 
RESALEClOTHES 

4879 NEWPORT AVE. OCEAN BEACH 
M-SAT. 11 to 6::.> 

222.0220 

have any magazine at all if people didn'l submit, 
and the more they do the more likely they'll be 
printed. Writers can't be afraid to take chances. If 
you know something works for yourself, that's 
really where it ends," Burke said. 

They hope one way of eliciting student involve-
ment will be through the free poetry reading to be 
held at the Grove Caffe, Nov. 13, from 4 to 6 p.m. 

The event was organized principally by 
McSwain. 

"It started as an elaborate vehicle for personal 
glorification. I wanted to read my poetry, it was 
that exhibitionist response!" she declared. 

Many people don't find poetry accessible, 
instead it can be seen as rather frightening and 
unapproachable. 

McSwain realized that and hopes that this will be 
an opportunity to get people to see how much fun 
poetry really is. The focus of the reading is going to 
be to get some of the poetry that sounds best when 
it is read out loud. 

"Shel Silverstein, for example, it's really playful, 
its really raucous," McSwain said. 

Poems from Gerard Manly Hopkins, Alexander 
Pope, Dr. Seuss, W.H. Auden, and local students 
along with a variety of others will be read. There'll 
also be musical accompaniment by unique and 
unexpected instruments. 

"The idea is to just make people realize that it's 
actually kinda fun to listen to poetry and it's 
something you can get a big kick out of doing," 
McSwain explained. 

After the reading on Tuesday, there will be a 
reception at Burke's house. 

Featuring the Campus. 

FRIDAY 
Bob's Your Uncle 
and Daddy Long 
Legs to play TO 
r.7 Dr. Dream recording 

~ artists Bob's Your Uncle 
will play on the gym steps this 
evening. along with local • 
funksters Daddy Long Legs. 

The 1970 Concert 
r.7 Just when you thought it 

~ was time to pur those bell 
bottoms away;'ffutist Laura . 
{(oenig and violinist' Erik 
Ulman present music of 1970 
tonight at Mandeville's 
Erickson Hall. Audience 
members are encouraged, but 
not requiTed, to wear clothing 
appropriate to the era, and to 
bring a fondue fork. Admission 
is free. For more info, call the 
Music Dept. at 534-3229. 

FRIDAY & 
SATURDAY 
Pirates of Penzance 

~The mjsul~deTstood order 
to apprentice a young man 

as a pirate - instead of a pilot 
- sets the scene for selections 
from Gilbert & Sullivan's 
"Pirate of Penzance" to be 
pelformed at 8 p.m. by the San 
Diego Master Chorale and the 
San Diego Symphony in the 
Symnphony Hall, Tickets are 
$13.50-37.50.1245 Seventh 
Ave., downown. For more info, 
caU699-4200. 

FRIDAY-
SUNDAY 
Malashock Dance 

~The contemporary dance 
troupe perfolms pieces set 

to scores ranging from Jimi 
Hendrix to Brazilian music at 
the Lyceum Theater Stage in 
Horton Plaza. Performances arc 
at 8 p.m. on Nov. 9 & 10, and 
at 2 p.m. on Nov. 11. Tickcts 
$10 students, $15 general. For 
info., call 235-8025. 

• Shopping for laughs in La Jolla? Look no further. 
By Lara Heisler, Associate Hiatus Editor 

The need for laughter is a constant from the age of 
eight months to 80 years. As we grow up, watching stand-
up takes the place of watching Bugs Bunny. We move 
from waking up at the crack of dawn to watch cartoons to 
staying up until sunrise to view late-night talk shows. We 
risk blood-shot eyes and zombie-like trances so we can 
catch Letterman. Johnny Carson gave us o ur bedtime 
lullabies with his late night monologues . We hunger for 
comedy. 

But who can blame us? Comedy, with it's laugh-a-
minute -think-fast-or-you-might-miss-it qualities is the 
ideal form of entertainment for a c ulture tha t craves 
instant gratification . 

Stand-up has reached a peak in its popularity. With the 
introduction of the comedy channel " Hal" along with 
new network shows, the powers-that-be scrambll' to 
quench the public's desire for stand-up comedy. But the 
genuine article is not found on the; T .V . screen . l'he way 
to see stand-up is the way it was meant to be scen -live 
and in-person at an intimate, smoky, beer perfumed club . 

Fred Burns - a UCSD graduate who is now the 
general manager of La Jo lla's The Comedy Store -
described the process of becoming a comedian in the back 
row of the dimly-lit showroom . 

"Sec that guy?" he gestured toward the doorman, 

Mark Fernendez. "He went to UCSD . He's a very funny 
guy. Everybody who works here is a comic. The bartend-
ers, cashiers, doormen, everybody. We call this place 'The 
Comedy College.' We are one of the only clubs that gives 
amateurs a chance," Burns explained proudly as he pulled 
out his stopwatch to time the upco ming showcase of 
comics. 

Burns has every reason to feel proud. T he Comedy 
Store, which was founded in Hollywood and has branches 
inSan Diego and LasVegas, has been the nurturing wo mb 
for some of today's best comics. "Yo u know, Sam Kinison 
and Howie Mandel were doormen at T he Comedy Store, 

" I'll see big-time comics who are on 
T. V. one day, and the next day, they'll be 
borrowing money from me." 

- Dante, Comic 

and David Letterman was the house MC. Other people 
who started here were Roseanne Barr, Jay Leno, Arsenio 
Hall , Robin Williams, and Andrew Dice C lay," B urns said . 

As manager of the Comedy Sto re , Burns can help to 
make o r b reak new comics. H e decides who goes on -stage, 
for how long, and in what o rder. The careers o f many 
young comedians literally rest upon h is choices. Because, 
as anyone in the business will tell you , the o nly way to make 
it in comedy is to ge t stage time . And lots of it. 

Whi le the viewing public si ts back and watches "The 
HBO Young Comedians Special," we don't realize tha t 
these "young" comedians have been doing their thing in 
clubs for years. In o rder to become a comedian, you have 
begin by performing on an Opcn Mike ight . 

One of the "young" comedians, T erry Mayfield, ex-
plained, "1 work as a bartender in additio n to doing stand-
up. I've been invol ved in stand- up for fo ur years, and I 
make abo ut twenry-five cents an ho ur d oing comedy. I'm 
getting gigs now, but I'd like to get to the point where I 
could quit my other job." Mayfi eld continued to day-
dream . "1 want to maybe be able to Page H 4 

Jennifer Kolskyl Gvardian 
Comedian Mark Fernendez (left) and Comed}' Store Manager Fred Burns (right) combine work with play. 

Friday, November 9. 1990 H1 



2 HIATUS 

Avalon/Home Alone Fantasia 
White Palace Quigley Down Under 
Memphis ... Jaeob's Ladder 

Sibling Rivalry 

University Town Center 452-7766 

Avalon Henry & June 
Memphis Belle Sibling Rivalry 

White Palace 
Reversal of Fortune 

453-7831 
Tune In Tomorrow 

The Krays 
Jacob's LaCider 

Ghost 

283-5909 
Nov. 11: Cinema Paradiso/The B~cI. Thief 

Nov. 12: Paths of Glory/The Killing 
Nov. 13: Strapless/Scandal 

Nov. 14: Blue Velvet/Healh«s 
"'v,~rv Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

Horror Picture Show 

INTHENEW~ 
Here's one for anti-censorship; Luther Campbell 

and 2 Live Crew were acquitted of their obscenity 
charges in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. They also contin-
ued with their pay-per-view venture "Banned In The 
U.S.A.," which aired last night from the Palace in 
Hollywood ... 

Several acts have been announced for the single 
largest rock music festival ever. It will take place at 
the 170,OOOseatMaracanaStadium in Rio de Janeiro, 
Brazil. It will span 10 days from January 18-20 and 
continuing from the 23-27. Some of the planned acts 
are Robert Plant, Guns N' Roses, INXS, David Lee 
Roth, Run D.M.C., and Ziggy Marley among others. 
These well known international acts will be appearing 
alongside some of Brazil's top artists. The festival 
will happen at a reported cost of over $17 million ... 

It seems the new Pogues album has finally been 
released after much delay. They also have a new live 
video set for release. An A.I.O.S. benefit album has 
been released on Chrysalis Records. It features 
such top artists as U2, Sinead O'Connor, Neville 
Brothers, and Erasure doing covers of classic Cole 
Porter tunes, it's called "Red, Hot and Blue." Sounds 
cool ... 

Box Set mania is stili running rampant through 
the record industry. Along with the Zep box set,look 
for new ones by the Byrds and John Lennon, and 
farther down the road Hendrix and The Doors, which 
is reportedly seven discs long (they only released six 
studio albums). Maybe Jim's stili about. .. 

Once again rap has made history, for the first time 
ever two rap acts hold thetoptwo spots on 'Billboard's 
Top Pop Albums ' chart. M.C. Hammer is still in the 
top spot and Vanilla Ice's "To the Extreme" has 
moved into number two. Also on the charts; Donnie 
Osmond and David Cassidy (yes, they're both backl) 
each have a single in the top 40. Look for a new 
Hardy Boys Greatest Hits album in the spring (just 
kidding, it's not that bad yet) ... A new digital format 
is in the works that is compatible with existing audio 
cassettes. It's getting big industry support, four major 
record labels included. This is something that hasn't 
happened for OAT. Maybe someday we'll all be able 
to afford to tape our friend 's CD collection ... 

By Bryan Dias and Dave Linberg 

The UCSD Guardian 

Monie love 
Down to Earth 
Warner Brothers 

Men are dogs. Female rap artist 
Monte Love proclaims this of ten-
expre ed idea in her new album 
Down To Earth. 

Without abandoning the dance 
vibes of authentic hip-hop, the al-
bum is a thought-provoking show 
case of Monie Love's oliginal rap 
style and outlook in sexual poli-
tics. 

Unlike boa tful female rap 
groups like J.J. Fad, Monie Love 
raps alone on "down to earth" topics 
without any alienating bragging. 
In tracks like "Just Don t Give a 
Damn", Monie Love expre ses her 
individuality as a female rap artist. 
She even raps about nutrition in 
"Swiney Swiney", a song about 
the dangers of eating pork. 

A London nat i ve, Monie Love's 
tongue raps at turbo speeds. Her 
rapid, stream-of-consciousness 
imonation works strongly against 
the potent house/funk beat in each 
track. 

Nice touches on the album in-
clude a Jimmy Hendrix style gui-
tar solo on "I Do as I Please" by 
funk-meister Bootsy Collins, and 
backing vocals by De La Soul on 
the anti-pork track. 

While most of her male coun-
terparts spell girl with a b, Monie 
Love's Down to Earth puts ladies 
first and men in the dog-house 
nibbling on milk-bone biscuits. 

She backs her personal view of 
the world with an engaging mix of 
rapid house- rap, honest lyrics, 
studio wizardry, and a refreshing 
lack of conceit. Woof-Woof! 

-Melito Marcelo 

Morrissey 
BonsDrag 
Warner/Sire Records 

Morrissey fans, this is your fin-
est hour - of music, that is. After 
two and a half years and a slew of 
maxi-singles, the brilliant fonner 
Smith's lyricist has finally put to-
gether his second solo album en-
titled Bona Drag. 

The story behind Bona Drag is 
that Warner/Sire Records had been 
toying with the idea of asking the 
enigmatic Mancunian to compile 
some of his recent maxi-singles, a 
few hard to find B-sides, and his 
new single " Piccadilly Palare" all 
1010 a single album. 

Morrbsey probably jumped at 
the chance to breathe life imosome 

ofhi~ latest single , reviving them 

from their rapid descent intomusi-
cal ob curity. 

Side one immediately kicks in 
with the extremely listenable 
"Piccadilly Palare," a song driven 
by Craig Gannon 's swampy guitar 
effects, and some uncharacteristi-
cally melancholy lyrics from 
Morrissey . 

Also on side one is "Interesting 
Drug," a cut witha groove concept 
good enough to rival any of 
Morrissey 's work with theSmiths. 
In the song, he croons, "there are 
some bad people on the rise/they 're 
aving their own skins by ruining 

people's lives/ bad, bad people on 
the right." 

Winding up side one is the 
catchy "Last of the Famous Inter-
national Playboys," a light-hearted 
look at the imprisoned lives of 
England's famous historical 
brother/crimll1al duo, Ronnie and 
Reggie Cray. 

Side two opens up with "Hair-
dresser On Fire," a bright and 
poppy look inside the London 
"scene". This might very well be 
one of the best pop songs that the 
90 have offered yet. Also included 
on side two are the tracks "Every-
day Is Like Sunday," and 
"Suedehead," bothofwhich origi-
nally appearec as singles on 
Morrissey's debut solo album Viva 
Hate . The importance of the popu-
larity and critical success that these 
two songs enjoyed proved that 
Morrissey could still make records 
after the Smiths split. That is 
probably one of the reasons that 
they are included on Bona Drag. 

In the end, Bona Drag might 
appear to be just another greatest 
hits album -- a record company's 
sad scheme to squeeze more 
mileage out of one of their artists' 
music. However, this is not the 
case. It would be more appropriate 
to think of Bona Drag as a finely 
focused collection of songs from 
onl! of the most thought-provok-
ing and controversial voices of our 
generation, 

- Jeff Stodel 

An Emotional Fish 
An Emotionsl Fish 
AtiantlclWEA 

It is no wonder that this band 
calls itself An Emotional Fish -
this album is jam-packed with in-
tensely emotional music, both in 
lyrical and musical content. 
Frontman Gerard Whelan si ngs 
from the depths of his soul and 
gives each song everything he ' 
got. It is primarily Whelan's per-
formance that has led cntics to 
compare the band with the likes of 
lNXS. Each member of An Emo-
tional Fish plays offth~hers in a 
highly imegral manner. 

Guitarist David Frew has man-
aged to master his instrument ex-
traordinarily. In sevel"dl of the 
album's tracks, he creates a dream-
like and almost oceanic sound , 
leaving the listener with a strange 
floating sensation. Enda Wyatt 

Friday, November 9, 1990 Friday, November 9, 1990 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 3 

takes a similar approach with 
his bass, prodUCing lines of 
music that flow in a manner 
unlike thatofany comemporary 
band, while Martin Murphy's 
unique drumming tylecompli-
ments the entire line-up su-
perbly. 

The opening song of the al-
bum, "Celebrate," which has 
also been released as a single, is 
richly poetic and brilliant to lis-
ten to. Another highlight on the 
album is "Julian ," which is 
graced by the angelic voice of 
guest lyricist Jill Turner. 

"Grey Matter" is on here as 
well, although it's been slowed 
down and polished up a bit, 
lOSing some of the raw effect 
that it had on the debut indepen-
dent single. 

Each song takes a new and 
different approach to the way 
that music is played; it is sooth-
ing as well as thrashy,entertain-
ing in addition to being enlight-
ening. The album requires a few 
Iistenings before it sinks in , but 
once one is able to become ac-
customed to the unusual style, it 
is an intense pleasure to absorb. 

-Alexa Sherman 

By Dara Ghahremanl loose, not as uptight as the last one," Lee said. "I 
Staff Writer really care about these guys. It's great because 

As he dodged people through campus on his it's all so new." 
Disabled Studer.t Services cart, John Lee, lead Lee claims that although they ' re not inten-
singer and guitarist of Miniature, shared his tionally trying to copy anyone, Miniature 's sound 
views on live performances. is admittedly somewhat a cross between The 

" When a band Clash and The Pix-~~~;,~: p~~se~~~~ I ~ •• ~ .,AT U REI ~eas~d"~::~~~t::ei~ 
an atmosphere from sound from someone 
beginning to end, and it can't be broken. You else. Eventually a band acquires its own sound 
can't let it top," Lee explained. when it's heard enough to be considered to have 

In 1985, Lee put together Miniature during an individual style." 
his freshm an year at UCSD. After graduating, Although Lee agrees that describing bands ' 
Lee decided to continue with his endeavors in music is difficult, he believes it is important to 
mu ic simply because, as he put it, "I didn ' t name similar band to give a more accessible 
wanl to wind up another Korean businessman idea of what a band sounds like. 
like my relatives." Currently working for the " People try to categorize things as fast as 
Disabled Student Services by day. his nights are they can into something they can under tand or 
reserved for mu ic. already know," he explained. " For in tance, 

Ever ince its formation, Miniature ha seen after hearing our tape, my roommate 's girlfriend 
many band members come and go. Yet, Lee ha. said it sounded like Eddie Money, but that's all 
continued to write songs and perform in the she listens to. It's the closeslthing she can think 
band throughout. He is confident in the latest of to compare us to." 
arrangement of the band which has been to- Nevertheless, Lee feels Ihat any kind of feed-
gether for a little over a month and consists of back from their audience is important. 
Richie Willoughby on bass and Bill Dyke on "IfI'm up on stage, feeling e pecially confi-
drums. dent and in a good mood, having a responsive 

"Thi version of Miniature is a lot more audience just makes everything so much more 

la jolla c 
p---------------------

exciting," he said. "And it's also good to hear 
criticism about our music because it brings up 
things to think about. But, of course, everyone 
has their own tastes so you sort of have to take 
criticism for what it is." 

There is a very personal edge to Lee's 
songwriting - one that reflects feelings of 
alienation and insecurity. 

' 'rve always wanted for the guy who feels 
left out to come to our shows because I was one 
those guys. I never quite 
fit into any group in school. 
All our songs are about 
feeling nervous and not 
sure of yourself, about 
feeling stupid," Lee said 
in a concerned tone. 

"I guess," he continued 
after a moment of thought, 
"all of that comes through 
when I feel like a nervous 
boy on stage. But in a sense 
that feels good. It 's hon-
est. And it's not an act. " 

iature, along with Helicopter, Doppelganger, 
Liquid Sunshine, and Granfalloon Bus, is one of 
a group of bands who are friends and give each 
other moral support. 

"There's no atmosphere at UCSD for local 
bands, but there are so many people who play 
music," Lee said. 

Miniature will be performing at Megalopolis 
with Doppelganger on Nov. 17, and at Mira 
Mesa Park on Dec. 9 at noon. 

Miniature has accumu-
lated a fai r amount oflocal 
support over the years. 
They have been inter-
viewed several times by 
Marco Collins from 9lX, 
and they have opened for 
some fairly well-known 
bands, such as Devo. Min- Founder John Lee (far right) with former Miniature members. 

----------------------, I • I , ·~evi"~te 15 ()1. : 
: ~ aId}'st~'t{~?? -10 off I 
I • SVRi: WE Any Shoe or I 
I CAN! Leather I 

La Jolla Colony Plaza is your neighborhood convenience center. The Plaza 
features over 20 merchants including retail, restaurants, health care and other 
essential every-day services ••• all based around one of the newest and cleanest 

• MAIL BOXES ETC: 453-7331 I 
I I 
I Office Products I 
I Copies' Fax· Notary I 

I ~''''~-s..f01' Repair. 11 ~c-.:.,. t?~t-t.,;,- , .1'Ol!IPJ<T .,..,.co .... _....". • .wol 
. 1/ , 11.A<Z.* ",/OT .. I 0 ..... • AU. CO""IY.TOl1 , I ~\ ~ 7 ~ COUPON"CXUT'II) ..... U·" ·H 

I 1(.\.C;:;~'''''' lTI"C LaJell~ColOily I 
,. - nulla Scan 'T72I1U ... Rd. I L 551-'232 452-2"2 

r--------------- ----I ! $399 ::::= ! 
I 8-11" latex; Add a : I mylar balloon for $2.00 I 
I . ' I 

grocery stores in the area - VONS. 
~------------------~ Unlike other shop-

ping centers, the Plaza 
has lots of free park-
ing to make every 
shopping trip from a 
quick stop to a Satur-
day morning excur-
sion, easy and fun! 

There is a reason we 
say this is your neigh-
borhood shopping 
center. We believe in 
treating our neighbors 
like neighbors by pro-
viding the best service 
and products possible. 

7770 Regents Road 

I IRS Tax Refunds in 3 Days : 
I We're The Biggest Becaus~ We Do It Right I 
I Monday.Friday: 8:30 am - 6:00 pm I 
I Saturday: 9:30 am . 3:00 pm I 
I ______ --------------~ I I 
I ICE CREAM • YOGURT I 
: Buy a medium or larger II 

size yogurt or ice cream 
I and receive a small one I I I 
I FREE! F\ I 
I ~ I 
I Toppings extra. One offer per customer. Wf.I I 

VISIT THESE FINE MERCHANTS TODA Yl II Void with any other offer. 453-36~ . 11 I 'L~lrt.S 12/ 15/90 I • a;rO;
'SA.€Q'1l\ I Etp".'2IIS19O . :{. _t»). I 

I an adventure C . , ' next to Vans , 
• in cards and gifts 450-0709 

--------------------~--------------------~ 7708 Regents Road, Suite I ~ , f :~ $ ~ Ho. Ho, Ho! ~ ~ *: ' mrn ~~" ~g~~. I 
I San CA 92122 . . . ,,~ . , MARK YOUR 1--------·(· -------- -1 

• complete pnntlng servIce • y ' .. J I I UTURA PROPERTIES (619) 457-273 • high speed copying . 5¢ copies (white bond) • I ' . " CALENDARS!! I In Appreciation ... .. 4 0ne Dozen (13) Bagels I 
I . • letterhead • envelopes. NCR. I '-' ' ',' SANTA lONE FREE I & A Large Cream Cheese I 
I LIst and sell your propeny valued at least $400,000 : • business cords . rubber stamps • I . ' I I Only I 
I with us and receive a membership in the Hyatt Regency I • FAXservice . I 'W" Comes to La Jolla I Bagel of your I $5 99 I 
I Aventine Health Club, or cash equivalent. I • spiral & velo bl.nd~ngs • I Colon Plaza • choice' (Exp . 12115/90) I . I 
I I 10% Discount on Pnnttng Orders I , Y. ·E.dudeoPlZzOOlCr-SageIa I (exp 12/15/90) I 
I Purchase a real estate propeny valued at least$500,OOO Phone 546 - 7885 I ' . Ill. December 8tht--------------.:.-----I and receive a Aventine Health Club membership. I FAX 546 - 7692 r;.u pick-up & delivery I " • 453-9243 • 7770 Regents Rd., #106 ! 
r--------------------6 ---------------------r------------------------------------------I : You can hove a Whiter, - I ; 50% OFF I 
II II Brighter, Winning Smile "_ - ~ II on. KEITH JEFFEM, D.C. II II ask us at - , I{ I{" Maximum 6 piece dry cleaning order only. 
: I 546-8600 • • ' I "The Running Doctor' : 455-0077 I 
I . 1 I I Gel I Open 7 days a week. 11 :00 am to Midnight I • Fomlly and Cosmetic Dentistry II Jeffers ChiroProctic .sports Injuries I OLONY LEANERS I 
I Food-to-Go I • Early and late appolntment1 with our hierdy. cartng sloff (619) 452-7770 I . • I 
I Phone In orders for fast pickup I Denni~ N Jacobs DDS 7748 Regents Rood I I 9{pt -valid UIItn., any. otMr ",-UP"" offer. I I 546-7666 IN., • • • &lIte 301 I • Onecou.pon. per InVOICt. 'E1rJ1ITtS 12/15/90 I 

• La Jolla Colony • • r---G~;nd()~;~gfS;~~i-- -------:::::~;---~~~iri~---l~"l~3f:;p-~-~:;:~-~ 
I 15 % of * 11UUI1"1UW I B 7770-R;;'g:~~;,"R:a7.S~ Diego I ,2 ric e {!.! 
: t?J"u.,.,L _.' /J_ f. VonsCen .... atla Jolla Cotony 8 1 4S2-PEl'S~fit~ ¢>~ : I 
I ~/(AM~na,u(Afe 7770 Regents Rd. " ... I . .~!!R!!!I~ I EYEGLASS SPECIAL * I 
I MANDARIN CUlSINF. W6-1949 I Bnng In thIS coupon to receIve • Buy one pair at regular price. get the second one 'h price: 
I OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK I $3 OFF $2 OFF $1 OFF II $3 00 OFF' !L;:::=~~~~~~\!"~~~"::I I DINE IN - TAKE OUT I • • co,~,o,,," In. 01 otdoo,. ElIp< .. 12115/90. I 
I 452-6888 I 36 Exp. 2A Exp. 12 Exp. I Any purchasc of $15 or more DANIEL J. ROSENBAUM 0 D I Deve60ping I: Pnntlf'lQ Cdor Prinl A4m NO UMrl I Not v.lld 00 Do& • U' (~or n1c •• rna , • • I L . Minimum 'JO.OOorder. Expircs 12/15/90 .... , ' ___ "0.'>1.&1» DIotN!A"'_ ...... .-- _,1I1..... IlXPIRBS 11/15/90 546-1940 J 
--------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------



Friday, November 9,1990 

• Mixing sculpture and photo at MoPA 
By Andy Clarke 
Staff Writer 

Artists have based entire ca-
reers on sculpture. Likewise, some 
have excelled in photography. Now 
an exhibition of contemporary 
works by James Casebere at the 
Museum of Photographic Arts 
(MoPA) in Balboa Park shows 
what might be achieved when the 
two forms are combined. 

Since 1979, Casebere has been 
one of a growing number of pho-
tographers who have strived to en-
rich the straight photographic print. 
Basically , he builds miniature 
tableaux and landscapes from pa-
per and cardboard, and then lights 
them to be photographed. Eventu-
ally, the resulting pictures are 
blown-up and framed in lightboxes. 

The photograph Covered Wag-
ons (1986) is typi-
cal of much of the 
exhibition. Visu-
ally, there is a 
scene bathed in an 
eerie white light 
from an unseen 
source. This light 
tends to minimize 
visible details, 
leaving the visitor 
to supply the extra 
information. The 
arrows suggest 
certain events, but 
like the light 
source, they are 
never pictured. 

Throughout the 
exhibition, a series 
of haunting and 
remote images 
create a sense of 
America's West 
and Soulh. Such 
topics naturally 
See PHOTO, H6 

NESDAY 
NOV. 14 • 8:00PM 
UCSD TRITON PUB 
PRESENTED 
BY rp-'---'-p~ 

S ' , 
o 

" ........... -

The UCSD Guardian 

COMEDY 
Continued from H1 
audition for some sitcoms or 
something, and then get to be a 
headliner, and have my own T. V. 
show." 

Another comic, Dante, wear-
ing a leather jacket and gelled hair 
a la Dice Clay claimed, " I see 
doing the clubs as a stepping stone. 
I've got to believe that I'm going 
to make it as a comic. But to some 
comics, 'making it' means going 
on Carson, but my new goal is to 
sell out a sports arena." 

Ward explained with a sigh, 
"See, as a comic, you have so little 
control as to whether or not you 
are going to make it. There are so 
many factors - comedy is sub-
jective, the public is fickle. Com-
edy is very susceptible to fads. So, 
rather than being in it for the 
money, most stand-up comics are 
doing it ' cause it' what they love 
to do." 

Mayfield agreed, "We may not 
be making all the money right now, 
the hours may be weird, we may 
have to take another job, the 
lifestyle's tiring, and sometimes 
frustrating, but at least we're not 
sirting at a desk going, ' I wish I 
had been a comedian. '" 

We imagine that comedians 
must have Ihe easy life. After all, 
we've all seen pictures of Sam 
Kinison - a far cry from your 
average male hunk - escorting 
some very attractive females to his 
sold-out performances. But this 
kind of dubious glamour exists 
only on the highest levels of com-
edy - which takes most comics 
between 15 years and a lifetime to 
; 

reach. 
Dante, who has been doing 

stand-up for three year joked 
wryly, "Yeah, I'm in comedy for 
the babes and the buck ." He shook 
his head before continuing. "Nah, 
there's no glamour. The only 
glamour 's on the stage. You know, 
it's funny. I'll see big-time comics 
who are on T. V . one day, and the 
next day, they'll be borrowing 

, 'The lifestyle's tiring , 
and sometimes frus-
trating , but at least 
we're not sitting at a 
desk going, 'I wish I 
had been a come -
dian.'" 

- Comic Terry Mayfield 

money from me." 
Joe Palem, an ex-computer-

programmer-tumed-professional-
comic confirmed the lack of pres-
tige in his field. "As far as my 
glamourous expreriences go, well, 
some guy at the Vons wouldn 't put 
my stuff in a bag until I told him a 
joke." 

Bums related, "Yeah, I played a 
frat thing at your pizza place -
Bull 's Eye Tavern - and in the 
middle of my act, they kept calling 
out over the lou speaker, 'Number 
23, your pizza's ready.' Kinda ru-
ined all my punch lines." 

After watching comedians per-
form infrontofhundreds of people, 
would we ever guess that they are 
a shy and introverted breed? Palem 
said honestly, "Youknow,Johnny 
Carson always said in interviews 

HIATUS 4 

that he was shy - I thought that 
was ridiculous - but ['m more 
comfortable in front of 200 people 
than I am in a restaurant talking to 
a waitress." 

Bums agreed, "Most of my 
comics are introverts - kind of 
insecure. But here at The Comedy 
Store, they can be extroverts, be-
cause this is like a womb - it 's 
safe because you have other com-
ics around to be funny with." 

The "Comedy College," as 
Bums nicknamed it, does nOljust 
give up-and-coming comics an 
education. Bums conspiratorially 
whispered, "Comedy is unlike any 
other art form. There is no protec-
tion, and anyone can rip you off. 
Especially the big stars." He sighed, 
and took a sip of hi s beer. " Robin 
Williams is a big thief, and 
Galagher, Paul Rodriguez .. . but 
the thing that gets me is the writers 
of 'In Living Color' -they come 
into the clubs and take the best 
ideas and put them on T.V. " 

SadlY,stand-upcomic not only 
have to battle against plagiarists, 
hecklers and silences: they often 
face confl ict within the close-knit 
circle of working comics. Stealing 
material doesn't just happen with 
the big stars, it goes on at every 
level. Palem described the situa-
tion: "We have to police each other. 
Plagiarism runs rampant." 

The life ofa stand up comedian 
is not an easy one, according to 
Pal em. "There is no worse experi-
ence than silence - and no matter 
how good you are, there's gonna 
be orne silence." 

But according to anyone of 
these quick-willed creatures of the 

See COMEDY, H 

~[f)W> #\[R{~ ~ 
[Q)rn~U@fM~~ 
~©lNI(g 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

0-90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

• Tweeds • B.U.M. Equipment 
• Big Dog • Limited Express 

r----------, 110% OFF I I With tnls ad, I I Cash purchases only. I 
L Exp, 11/19/90, • 
---------_ ... 

Wed.-Sat. 11am-6pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5pm 

rWEEKLY-SPEcIA'lI 
I SHORTS : 
1$5°0 eachll L __________ ..1 

Sill 
eo~ 0 

LA JOLLA rl~L\G! C~ 6210 

• APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE· 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 

Miramar, California 
(619) -450-3323 

Friday, November 9, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

NOTICE 
Sudents interested in obtaining copies of the 
UCSD Student Conduct Code may contact the 
following offices: 

* College Deans' Offices 
* Resident Deans' Offices 
* The Graduate Students Office 
* Student Legal Services Office 
* Office of the Student Conduct Coordinator 
* Office of the Student Affairs Dean, Medical School 
* Office of the Student Government/Student Organizations 

Copies of the UCSD Student Conduct Code are 
available to students without charge. Please 
note that the UCSD Student Conduct Code is 
being revised and the new edition of the Code 
should be available during the Winter Quarter 
at the above listed offices. For additional 
infonnation, contact the Judicial Affairs Office 
at 534-6225. 

CONSUMER ALERT: 
Professionally produced 

term papers = 
Academic dishonesty 

Students beware of offers by 
"professional term paper 
writers" to produce term 
papers to submit as your own. 
Students who submit 
purchased term papers for a 
grade or other academic credit 
will be subject to disciplinary 
action under the UCSD Student 
Conduct Code resulting In 
severe disciplinary sanctions 
Including dismissal from UCSD. 
For questions regarding what 
Is acceptable, consult with the 
course Instructor, your College 
Dean or the Judicial Affairs 
Officer (534-6225). 

HIATUS 5 
.-

T 



6HIAT S 

TOM SAWYER PLAYS 
WITH 3400 WAm 

AND GE BLASTED. 
"7 om azm.'}"·· L jusl ont' of the rock classics b\ Rll~h 
t113L part 'of our al,\'es, 11l' LJseriul11 experien,·e. 
Argon and Krypton la.cr images will surround you 
as Rush hit~ are played Q\'er 11 huge speakers. ,'0 
call 238-1168 for shQ\\times. Then drop by Balboa 
Park tOnight. You'lI La R hIlI 
have a bJa r. ser u 

THEATER AND SCIENCE CENTER 

D IG.FM 

The U SD Guardian 

CULTURAL DIVERSITY IN THE AMERICAN THEATRE: 
MOVING TOWARD THE TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY 

CONFERENCE 

BANQUET 
NOVEMBER 10,1990 8 P.M .. 

THE IDA & CECIL GREEN FACULTY CLUB 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Sponsored by 
The Contemporary Block Arts Program 

In Celebrotion of the Twentieth Anniversary of Third College 

OONA TION: $25 
For Reserva~ons Coli: 534-0670 

/Oco.~p ~ CONCERT 
~(!)«O '2-Nf SERIES 

TOMORROW NIGHT! 

Friday, November 9 , 1990 

COMEDY 
Continued from H4 
night, it's a ll wOl1h it in the end. 
May field concluded: " Making 
people laugh - being happy and 
creative- is what it's all about. I 
do not want to do what everyone 
else in the world had to do because 
their parents did it. or because so-
ciety says you should do it. I love 
what I'm doing." 

Whe re : 916 Pearl Street 
S hows: Mon .fTue. : Open 
Mike Night, No Cover Charge. 
Wedl Thurs .. 2 for 1 College 
Night. Fri.: Headliner, $8. Sat : 
Headliner, $10. Sun.: Head· 
liner $6. 
You must be 21 years o r 
over to aHend a ny of the 
shows . 
For more info. call 454-9 126. 

PHOTO 
Continued from H4 
invo ke the p as t; however. 
Casebere's pa t seems devoid of a 
human quality. Though the pic-
tures combine e le ments of domes-
tic li fe (be it a barrel, a stetson, a 
bowl , or cup) these traces serve 
only to underline the pictures' 
emptiness. This is perhaps the 
weakest point of the exhibition -
the viewer is drawn into the picture 
but the resulting emotion i one of 
coldness. There is no additional 
infomlation anywhere near (he 
pictu res to rekindle any artistic in-
terest once this sensation of indif-
ference has hit. 

T h ough the photographed 
model s are re lativel y small , 
Casebere creates sculptures that 
are by contrast enormous. One uch 
"sculptural installation," entitled 
Tree Trunk with Broken Bunga-
lows and Shotgun Houses, domi-
nates the center of the gallery. In 
this instance the work is so stylized 
and full of unfi nished impl ications 
that any potential impressiveness 
is weakened. An assortment of 
Florida images including a Cracker 
house, canoe, surf boards, a cy-
press tree, and a dock being tom 
apart. The sculpture apparently 
captures these items at the moment 
of destruction by a hurricane-in-
duced wave. Like a ll the exhibits, 
it is dramatically lit, but the superb 
use of light and dark that is the 
strongest feature of the photographs 
does not transfer to the sculpture in 
the same way. 

Casebere's initial imp ulse to 
sculpt was translated into photog-
raphy when he realized the latter's 
potential to reach a wider audi-
ence. It seems disappoi nting then 
that all these potential visitors learn 
very li ttle from the works and can 
merely marvel at Casebere ' s im-
pressive use of light and his at-
tempt to gain total control over his 
work. 

Though this is a display of con-
summate skill rather than one of 
emotionally-charged work, the 
critic who recently described this 
display as "hollow drama... an 
without hean" didn' t consider the 
dedication that these works require. 
In all , the exhibition down in 
Balboa Park is more contempla-
tive than exciting - yet when you 
cons ider what is occasionally 
classed as "modem an" the e days, 
it is fortunate that someone as multi-
talented as James Casebere is still 
at work. 

Where: Museum of Photgrap/lic 
Arts, 1649 EI Prado, Baboa Park 
When: running through Dec. 9. 
AcImI8aIon: $2.50. For more 
information, call 239-5262. 

Friday, November 9, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

NAMES: Brain teasers Improve memory 
ContInued from pege 7 

The first time you meet 
someone you should substitute 
their given name with a repre-
sentative image of f" person's 
name. For example, with the 
name Hamilton you may think of 
hanuner ton or a hammer that 
weighs a ton. For the name 
Sandweiss, you may think of the 
word sandwich and envision the 
person eating a sandwich. 

The second thing a person 
should do would be to look for a 
distincti ve feature of the person, as 
Wixted said, and the third thing to 
do would be to combine steps one 
and two into a weird mental sce-
nario. 

So for the person whose last 
name is Hamilton and bas a dis-
linctive cleft in his chin, imagine a 

scenario where Hamilton is in a 
wort: shed and a very huge ham-
mer faUs on his chin. For a woman 
whose name is Sandweiss, if she 
bas blue eyes, imagine two huge 
sandwiches flying out of her eyes. 

"Even ifstepthreedoesn't work 
- which it does - just applying 
steps one and two. " improves your 
memory of names and faces, be-
cause you've done what mosl 
people don't do - you've paid 
attention; you 've listened and 
looked," said Lorayne. 

With time you' ll be able to for-
get the substitute words, and dis-
tinctive features and the person's 
name will stick with you more 
naturally. You can also attach a 
person's personality to your ass0-
ciations of them. If you meet 
someone whose name is Mike and 

he's. real loud-mouth. just think 
of him u • big microphone. 

Remembering somcone's IWDe 
is a good way to communicate to 
dW person that your association 
with him is imponant to you, 
Wixted said. 

"The recipient of a greeting has 
a more favorable reaction [to you] 
because that person is important 
enough to have their name rein-
forced," reiterated Wixted. 

''1bemain fear of social phobics 
isthatlhey will forget names. [And) 
people are unnecessarily con-
strained because they consider it a 
c:ab$tropbe to ask for someone' s 
name again. The concern is out of 
proportion to damage done," he 
Mid 

So everyone, what was your 
oameagain? 

FEATUBBS 9 

DOODLES: Random scribbles reveal individual personalities 
Continued from pege 7 of sexual desires, and lung be-
scribbling as meaningless and Iieved that circular fonns had a 
therefore allows uncensored centering effect upon the indi-
ideas to come forth. vidual. Now psychoanalysts uti-

.. It' s a very strange process," lize doodles to figure out whether 
commented Betty Edwards, author or not a child has been abused and 
of Drawing on the Artist Within, to also to understand the minds of 
OMNI repOl1er Joanna Torrey. criminals. 
"The left brain immediately says, What do your doodles reveal 
'Oh, well it 's just scribbling,' and about you? 
all the inhibitions disappear. Once Many people tend 10 draw geo-
you remove the requirement to do metric designs, according to OMNI. 
anything recognizable, they j ust The circle is the symbol oflove, 
plunge in. You can really dig very suggesting a person with affec-
deep very quickly." tionate and playful qualities, while 

Doodles have been used as a dots indicate tension and concen-
key to understandiilg personality tration. The square reveals the de-
since the beginning of modem sire for security and practicality. 
psychology. Freud claimed that 1be triangle is representative of 
geomettic shapes were symbolic aggression and ambition, IIld the 

and 
is on us! 

Redeem your slon! II!Ceipts for a free $5.00 Lunch MODe)' 
certiflcale II the mail offb. Only n'<:eiplS dated from OcIObH 1· 
throug/l November 30. 1990 will apply. Cl!ftifica\e must be 
rNeemed in lull al a single reslaur.mt before NOYember 30. 1990 
and is not rNeemabie for cash. 
Certific.le availabilities are limiled, offer good only while 
supplies last. Umit two certificales per person. pIHse. 
Mall Office houn Monday·Friday 9 am·S pm 

squiggle suggests imagination and 
individuality. Finally , spider webs 
are linked to the ability to eXlrapo-
late. 

NOlonly do the shapes them-
selves help us understand our per-
sonality, but so do the c haracteris-
tics of stroke and line . Vel1ical 
lines symbolize determination and 
assertiveness; horizontal lines in-
dicate weakness and fear. The use 
of soft curves represent feminine 
and accepting quali ties, while 
angles suggest tension and resis-
rance, according to the article in 
OMNI. 

Consistent straight lines in the 
same direction are representative 
of a rigid and aggressive person, 
while change ~ bearing symbol-

ius low self-esteem. Long lines The article in OMNI indicates 
typify a person in control, and shon thaI a largely drawn head suggests 
lines indicate excitement. inte llectual aspirations, while a 

Other features which help to small head suggests feelings of 
understand your doodles are size, intellectual inferiority. Large eyes 
pressure, and placement of the rep resent a susp icious nature 
drawing. If the doodle is large and combined with anxiety or hyper-
heavily drawn it suggests aggres- sensitivity , but small squinty eye 
sian, force, and ambition. On the reveal self-absorption. 
other hand, if it is rather small and Emphasizing the nose denotes 
light, it reveals a timid and inferior sexual difficult ies; fu rthermore, 
personality . stressing the nostri ls implies ag-

Scribbling in the margins is a gression . A large mouth suggests 
sign of security. If you doodle on "primitive oral tendencies," while 
the top of the page you are an om itting the mouth altogether 
optimist with bigh aspirations, but shows depression or fear of com-
if it is at the bottom it denotes munication. And, finally , large ears 
insecurity and depression. suggest sensiti vity to criticism. 

Another common doodle is a .. . Or that you can' t draw too 
facial portrait. well. 

Now ...... kt ..... I' • •• c.ta 
V .... fill..... .... t .. fII 

........ _ ..... I ... 

,.a-III.'·,·' .,.. ..... Ia_~~_d" 
laachla .......... 
.., .. ___ iaaJlll.er 
.nn rflee and III a free 
..... Landa J' t'f Cl8l1iIi-
=,= IoW8nI your .... • ..., .. ot 
.... CoIIa Verdec..t.r 
...... 

ADiea 
1'.IiM8lIY'. Piaa'" p..,. 1Wdi'.,...... YOKIIrt 
'HGtWakc.-. 
... ..... s... .......... 
rc-o. •••• 
s., I'tdt ••• , 
SuIN., 

SuIIri .... Kanmi 
Las.iu 

(QSTAVERDE 
TIle comer of Goo_ A\IeI'IuP and La )olIA 

Village Drive. For inkrnUttion call4S8-9'l70. 



10 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Piz.za is still UCSD's linest 
original pizzeria. Tear out the BJ's 
coupon and get your taste buds to 
BJ's. For UCSD's serious pizza eat-
ersl (9124-11130) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New atCal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near SI. 
Germains. 452-9949. (9124-11130) 

Writing Help. I've discovered/cre-
ated unique, Fun - yes, fun l ap-
proaches for serious projects. Begin 
481-1810. (1 013-11/30) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faCUlty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented inperson. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday' s 
issue, 3 p.m. Monday for Wednesday' s issue, and 3 p.m. Wednesday for Friday's issue. 
The Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to 
companionship ads. For more information call 534-5416. Mailing address:UCSD 
Guardian, 0316, 9500 Gilman Drive, La lolla , CA 92093-0316. Actual address: 

Scholarships/grants for college are 
available. Millions go unclaimed 
yearly. Call 1-800-334-3881. (10/8-
11/1 4) 
Volkswagen? Or is yourcar an Audi? 
Tom 's Master Mechan ics only 
handles these 2 autos and nobody 
does it better for UCSD. Bring your 
ID and you get 20% off most ser-
vicesl Call 450-9494. (10126-11130) 

Destinations Unknown presents 
Rosarito Beach FALL FIESTA. 
November 16-18, 2 nightS/2 days, 
transportation, accommodations, 
free parties, optional lobster dinner, 
only $75. See table in Price Center 
of CALL 793-0492. (10/26-1119) 

Are you COLOR BLIND? Earn $5/ 
hour participating in color vision ex-
periments, even if you have partici-
pated in these studies before. Call 
Ethan Montag 534-2999, Psych. 
Dept. for info. (10/26-11/9) 

When seconds count, breathe a little 
easier with MICRO-MED, the micro-
film medical I.D. Card that could 
possible save your life I MICR0-MED 
is an asset to everyone's lile young! 
old, ililwell. Call Gabrielle (619) 546-
8014. (10/29-1119) 

QUESTIONS ABOUT CULTS, EXIT 
COUNSELING - contact the Cult 
Awareness Network, 2421 W. Pratt 
Blvd., Ste. 1173, Chicago, IL 60645, 
or call (312) 267-7m. Message 
sponsored by the United Campus 
Ministry UCSD. (10/31-1119) 

UJS SHABBAT Dinner, service, and 
program. November 9, 7 p.m. 
Mandeville Suite. More info? Call 
534-6244. (11/2-11/9) 

FUN RUNlWALK SAT. NOV. 10th. 
Raise funds for Diana Chadwell in 
her struggle against cancer. Regis-
ter In person day of event ($12 stu-
dents/seniors; $15 general) begin-
ning 6:30 a.m. Start of race: stop 
sign just beyond bridge at Gilman 
entrance to campus. Times : walk: 
7:30 a.m., run: 8:00 a.m. More info: 
P.E. Dept. 534-7847. (11/5-11/9) 

Student Center A, top floor. 

Breweries in La Jolla? Get real! Hard 
to believe, but Wednesdays are now 
UCSD night. $1 Pilsners all night 
long III Check out what's brewing in 
La Jolla. 7536 Fay Ave. (11/2-111 
14) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT 
UCSDI Jewish, Campus Centers 
provides warmth, education, prayer, 
socializing. Connect with Union of 
Jewish Students l 502 Matthews; 
east of the Price Center. Call Rabbi 
Slotnick, 534-2521 . (1119) 

JOIN US TO SING THOSE FAVOR-
ITE CAMPFIRE SONGS I Spon-
sored by United Campus Ministry 
every Sunday evening from 6 to 7 
p.m. Meets in the Campus Police 
Station Training Room. Information 
call 534-2521 . (1117-11/1 6) 

Heyl Show your stull at RISC 
Broomball l Nov. 10th, 1 0:15 - 11 :45 
p.m. at UTC Ice Rink. Members only. 
(1117-1119) 

Alrband contest! Want to lip sync? 
Sign-up now at the Revelle Provost's 
Offioe. Contest is Nov. 20, 8:30 p.m. 
at the REVELLE CAFETERIA. (11/ 
9-11 /1 9) 

UCSD POLICE AUCTION - Sat-
urday November 17th. 10 a.m. Pre-
auction viewing 9 a.m. Bicycles, 
electronics, watches, calculators, 
books, morel Corner of Old Miramar 
and Regents Rd. For more informa-
tion call 534-4358.(1119-11/16) 

ACA Sense-of-Self Study: Learn 
more about yourself, have a chance 
at $100 drawing, and get free feed-
back about family enVironment, self-
concept and present functioning. 
Need to be female, Adult Child of 
Alcoholic, age 18-40. Contact Shane 
Hill, MA. 260-0775. (11/9-11/14) 

SERVICES 
TYPING: TERM PAPERS, ETC. 
RUSH JOBS AT NO EXTRA 
CHARGE. 453-0656. (10/3-11 /30) 

NOW OPEN 

Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 
1500 hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday 
Court. Student discounts. 558-4644/ 
226-1962. (9/24-1/14) 

WRITING Help from UC-Grad Tu-
torlWriter/Researcher. All projects 
welcome. Productive, Intensel Start 
Early. 481 -1810. (10/3-11130) 

Papers typed I Quick and affordable. 
From$2lpg. Call LJ Colony Resumes 
& Professional Typing. 455-8357. 
Laser printingl 60 typestyles to 
choose from lOne day service avail-
able. (10/5-11130) 

TYPING-PROOFREADING-
EDITING Term Papers, M.A.s, 
Ph.D.s, Legal, and Medical. RUSH 
JOBS. Call MARIE - 931-9596. 
(10/5-11/30) 

Bartender school - DaylNight 
Course 250.00- Refresher Course 
Oct.20andNovl0, 10a.m. t02p.m. 
45.00 1-800-227-0030 BADD-RE-
ACTS (10/19-11/16) 
PINWHEELS - a full service salon 
near campus - Costa Verde Center. 
Facials, waxing, lash tints and more. 
Call Parvaneh, 558-1858. (10/26-
11/30) 

Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only 
handles these 2 autos and nobody 
does it better for UCSD. Bring your 
ID and you get 20"10 off most ser-
vicesl Call 450-9494. (1 0126-11/30~ 

Word Processing. Quality work at 
reasonable prices. Resumes, re-
ports, etc. Laser printer. Call Diane 
755-1724. (10/29-11/30) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Word 
Processing , Reports, Speeches, 
Dissertations, Manuscripts, Pre-
sentations. Experienced. Laser 
Printer. Student Rates I 753-5964. 
(1 0/29-11 /30) 
WORD PROCESSING, EDITING. 
$21page, free pickup and delivery. 7 
days/Week. Irma, 453-6282. (11/9) 

......., IDEO GALLERY' 
'\OSTA VERDE CENTER 

BUY 

SELL. 
FIND. 

TELL. 

3 
DAYS 

A 

WEEK . 

Biggest SELECTION in the Area • Free Parking 
NEW RELEASES: THE HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER 

• PRETTY WOMAN . ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW 
• BACK TO THE FUTURE III • TOTAL RECALL 

-----------------------Bring This Ad to Rent One Movie 
and get a Second Rental FREE! 

Monday thru Thursday. Expires 11/23/90. 
-----------------------

8750 GeneBBee in the Costa Verde Center 
Mar the Soup Ezchange- 45(}-1766 

Hours: Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-9 pm / Fri. -Sa.t. 11 am-lD pm 

C~lJ,JI dl,l/l 
(: I; I '':'~, I f I !'(i', 

Stop ill 
111 .. Olliff' 

or" 1 III 

,(Odf' (~I.{lr), 
fhpnl Ifl 

c'111'dl'J41i) 
lor lido 

Just in time tor the holidays! Custom 
color and B&W portraits, photo cal-
endars/cards, and much more. Also 
1 hr. film dev., pa.ssport photos, and 
slide dev. All your photo finishing 
needs in one convenient location. 
Spectrum Photo. 549-2941 (1117-
11126) 

Airline prices up again - buy now 
for best holiday travel fare. Free 
ticket delivery, 450-0812. (1117-111 
28) 

Word Processing-everything from 
term papers to resumes. 24-hour 
service available 7 days a week, 
450-0812. (1117-11/30) 

DESKTOP PUBLISHING - Spe-
cializing in newsletter design, books, 
brochure, invitations, annual reports. 
Pagemaker Training. WRITEIDEA 
594-1080. (11 /9) 

TYPING - PROOFREADING -
EDIJ"ING: Term papers, M.A.s, 
Ph.D.s, Legal, and Medical. RUSH 
JOBS. 'Call MARIE, 931 -9596. (111 
9-11/12) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: experi-
enced. Word processing. Research 
using MEDLINE or BRS Colleague; 
1 hour minimum. Student rates. Mo-
dem. Laser printer. 9-7 Mon.-Fri. 
Weekend appointments. 753-5964. 
1521 Summit Ave., Cardiff. (1119) 

WANTED 
Happy with your present salary? I 
need people who want to make more 
ASAP (619) 758-4602. (10/10-111 
30) 
Domino's Pizza at UCSD is now 
hiring lor Customer Service Repre-
sentatives. Must be at least 16 years 
old, energetic and efficient with an 
outgoing personality. Will be re-
sponsible for greeting customers, 
taking pizza orders and other store 
operations. Eligible applicants 
should apply at the UCSD store, 
located at 3211 Holiday Court after 
3:30 p.m. (10119-11130) 

Earn $500-$1500 /wk part-time 
stuffing envelopes in your home. 
For free information, send a long, 
self-addressed, stamped envelope 
(0: P.O. Box 4645, Dept. p127, Al-
buquerque NM 87196. (10/31-11/9) 

Babysitter wanted for 11 month old. 
One (any) afternoonlwk. Walking 
distance from campus 455-6774. 
(10131 -11112) 
DRUMMER NEEDED - by guitarist, 
bassist. Have practice place. Call 
John F. 273-2145 or John T. 452-
6403. (11/2-11/9) 

MALE MODELS. Totally legitimate 
part-time or full-time work. Print, 
ramp, television, magazines. No ex-
perience necessary. Not portfolio 
nor modeling school schemel Top 
fees and funl Send contact infor-
mation and photos(s) (amateur OK) 
for free interview without obligation : 
InterPhoto, Box 2893, La Jolla, CA 
92038. (11/2-1 1112) 

Friday, November 9,1990 

Neuro Care; LST position, retrain 
people with Traumatic Brain Injury. 
Work with a state-ol-the-art 
Neurobehavioral Rehab. Team. Ex-
cellent experience to compliment 
education. Call (619) 789-4600. (1 0/ 
26-11/12) 

Addressers wanted Immedlatelyl 
No experiehce necessary. Excel-
lent payl Work lit home. Call toll-
free : 1-800-395-3283. (11/2-1111) 

PAID INTERNSHIPS! (Positions 
limited) Applications/Interviews be-
ing taken now for the best summer 
business internship and training you 
can find. Eam $6-12,000+ while 
managing your own branch of Uni-
versity Painting Professionals dur-
ing summer 1991 . Call1 -800-KALL-
UPP today. (11/5-11/9) 

Wanted 100 People. Lose 10-291bs 
In 30 days all natural. Nationally 
Televised 1-800-347-7584. (11n-
11/12) 
ATTENTION. EARN EXTRA $$$ III 
Extra cash for the holidays. Host a 
home party introducing the Secret of 
Youth product line. CALL(619)431-
6569, 24 hour recorded message. 
(1117-11/9) 

ATTENDANT WANTED by young, 
professional, disabled woman. Be-
ginning November (1st/2nd wk.). 
TTH 6 a.m. - noon; Sat. 7:30 a.m. -
3:30 p.m. Reliable, efficient, own 
car. Personal care (no exp OK), 
shopping, housework, driving. $71 
hr. PAM 298-1745. (1117-1119) 
DRUMMER WANlED FOR HARD-
N-MOIST: Our drummer left for 
spiritual reasons. II you play drums, 
have a sense of humor, and can 
count to four, call Jon or Anthony at 
270-2915. (1119-11/16) 

Mature, reliabie baby-s~ter required 
for part-time relief . Some evenings 
and weekend brunch time. Very 
close to Torrey Pines entrance to 
UCSD. Must have experience with 
children and own transport. Refer-
ences required. Please call 457-
7835. (11/9-11 /12) 

Recycle and make extra money. I 
will buy all your used or unwanted 
clothes, especially jeans and shirts. 
Call Rod at 534-2944 or 450-1273 
(evenings). (11/9) 

ARTIST WANTED for one-time 
project to prepare camera ready art-
work from rough sketch. Please have 
samples of previous work. Call Sara, 
587-1676. (1119) 
Students needed 16 hourslweek. 
UCSD location, 552-3451. (1119-111 
12) 

New monthly entertainment street 
paper has positions open for type-
seVart director, must know Mac 
Pagemakerprogram. Also, part time 
comm ad reps. Plus other creative 
people. contact: 259-8039. (11/9-
11114) 

COUNTER HELP/ CASHIER. Part 
to full time, morning and weekends. 
Must be friendly and dependable. 
Needed immediately - Clairemont 
area. Call Brian, 277-7363. (11/9-
11114) 

FOR SALE 
Del Mar - why rent? $112,900 
condo. 2BR12 BA, pool, spa, beach 
1 mile. Chris, 931-6977. (10/12-111 
14) 

DISCOUNT AIR FARES. RESERVE 
HOLIDAY TRAVEL NOW. USA, 
EOPE. FREE BONUS MILES. 481 -
1264. (10/26-11/30) 

Drums, Ludwig, 6-piece with 3 
Zildjian cymbals $500 or best offer. 
Call Dennis aI574-0i28. (11 /2-111 
12) 

Friday, November 9, 1990 

6' futon and 4-position frame. $100. 
Close to campus. 587-0709. (1 0/26-
11/30) 

FULL SIZE BED. No headboard. 
$135. Child's DESK and chair $35. 
Call 581 -9156. (10/31-11/16) 

1988 Kawasaki Ninja Ex 500. Only 
3,000 miles, perfect condition. Must 
sell $2,400. 271 -0668. David. (11/2-
11/12) 

'77 Toyota Celica - runs well. $800 
obo. Call 558-8614. (11/2-11 /12) 

ONE ONE-WAY TICKEY TO NEW-
ARK, NEW JERSEY (NEW YORK). 
Departing on Nov. 22 from L.A. at 
8:30 a.m. and arriving at 4:25 p.m. 
Only $350 (Regular: $650+). Con-
tact Sanjeev at (619) 259-9086. (111 
2-11112) 

GUITAR FOR SALE: 1987 Fender 
Squire Stratocaster, Fender Reverb 
25 Amplifier, case, leads, tuner, DOD 
distortion box, strap, and stand, all 
for $450. Great for beginner. (11/2-
11112) 

1985 Jeep CJ-7 - Red, black soft 
top, 6 cyl, 49,000 mi. , only $7,700, 
Annabelle 270-7040. (11 /5-11/16) 

85 VW GTI5 speed NC 96t< Sunroof, 
Silver with Recaro interior, tinted, 
Zender wing. Immaculate, no rust. 
Very strong pocket rocket. Com-
pletely tuned and ready $3500. 
JUNGLE MOTORS 481 -2519 or 
755-6217. (1117-11/9) 

81 Datsun 280lX, black, tan velour 
interior, auto, NC , PIS , PIW, cruise, 
114K freeway miles, well maintai:1ed, 
superb mechanical condition , new 
performance tires, very sharp, 
$2350,481 -2519,755-6217, Jungle 
Motors. (11n-11/9) 

WHY PAY RENT WHEN YOU CAN 
OWN ! Huge 4BR 2BA townhome 
close to UCSD. Cathedral ceilings, 
300 sq. ft . loft, fireplace, pool. ONLY 
$147,500. OPEN HOUSE Sunday 
11/111:30-5p.m.530-0466. (11n-
11/16) 
KITIEN . Chocolate, Seal Point Hi-
malayan. Cuddly 8-week-old male. 
$500bo. Marinela, 457-4483. (11/9) 

PIANO - Upright practice. Good 
lone. Bench. Moving - must sell. 
$300lbest. Tanya, 274-3323 leave 
message. (1119-11/14) 

Mountain bike, Miyata 19' wi 
Shima no components. Good condi-
tion for $350. Ask for Vicki at 453-
3718. (11/9) 

Scooter, excellent condition, 2 seat, 
Ireeway legal, 84 Yamaha 180. 457-
5472. evenings, Brett. (11/9-11/19) 

Must sell one-way plane ticket to 
Boston November 20. Best offer. 
Call 454-5672. (11/9-11/19) 

Sofalloveseatfadedgreen. You haul! 
it's yours. Must go before 11/13. 
457-1626 evenings. (11/9) 
One-way Thanksgiving ticket to 
Oakland. Nov. 21. $100. Call Mark, 
558-3195. (11/9-11 /12) 

Queen size bed and box spring for 
$50. Excellent condition. Call 558-
7140. (11/9-11/12) 

71 BMW BAVARIA. Runs great, 
looks ok. Have to sell fast. Calli 
make offer. 558-2343. (11/9-11/19) 

1984 Nissan 4X4, roll bar, off road 
lights, chrome wheels, CB, clinom-
eter, $4500, Tim at 558-7442. (11/9) 

R.T. ticket. San Diego-Newark. Lv. 
12/10, return 12/19 on Continental. 
$300 obo. 546-1 663, Robin. (11/9-
11/19) 

Aleda full wet suit $65.00, O'Neill 
booties (size 9) $15.00. men's black 
ski pants (32 REG) $40.00, and IBM 
Compatible 286 Computer with 40 
MB hard drive $625.00. ED 792-
9135. (1117-11/12) 

1980 DATSUN HATCHBACK, stick, 
runs well. $800 or best offer. 286-
9418 or 534-3849. Must sell. (11/9-
11/12) 

Stereo system: 100W Hitachi Amp, 
JVC 6 disk CD changer wlremote, 
Technic double cassette deck wi 
dolby B,C, Allison loud speakers, 
awesome quality. Over $1100 in-
vested, asking $600. 558-771 5. (111 
9) 

HOUSING 
Penasquitos $1050, 4 bedrooms, 
2.5 baths, house 2-car garage. 
Available in Nov. Leave message: 
695-8253. (11/5-11/12) 

Own room available Dec. 1 or Jan 1. 
University City condo, $350. Female, 
nonsmoker please. 546-1868. (1 11 
7-1 1/12) 

MALE ROOMMATE WANTED: own 
room, tenn is cts, jacuzzi, pool, WI. 
room, ample parking , 3 minutes to 
UCSD, $418.50 + 1/2 uti!, only $75 
deposit. From 12115 to 6/30, 452-
2664. (1117-11130) 

Malel female roommate needed. 
Own roomlbath. $437/mo. 3 min-
utes from school, pool, gym, weights, 
jacuzzi, fireplace, refrig , microwave, 
dishwasher, partially fumished, near 
buslines. Jennifer at 558-6053. (11 / 
9-11/14) 

Room lor rent , furnished, $450 plus 
utilities, great old house w/porch, 
patio, garden, downtown La Jolla, 4 
blocks from beach. Avail Dec. 15, 
date flexible . Sharon, 551-9395. (11/ 
9) 

Wanted male non-smoker to share 
furnished room, with swimming pool, 
spa, pool table. condo on Hotel 
Circle, $250, no util. 15 min from 
campus. Leav6 message, Andy, 
294-7729. (11 /9) 

LOST & FOUND 
Lost: Diamond pendant with gold 
jacket enhancer. Lost on Monday, 
Nov. 5, between the hours of 12-1 
p.m. Sentimental value. Reward . Call 
792-9521. (1117-11 /9) 

I lost my keys between HL library 
parking lot and GH Undergroundl 
Attached leather strap and red 
pocket knife. Please help poor stu-
dent and return to UCSD Police 
ASAPII (1117-11/9) 

$100 REWARD! Lost, red UCSD 
backpack with all homework inside. 
Please contact Nghia. 558-6168. (111 
7-11/9) 

The UCSD Guardian 

LOSTI 1 1/2 weeks ago, Revelle 
Plaza, mood ring, (changes color) . 
Silver setting, sentimental value , 
551 -8751, Anna. (1117-11/9) 

PERSONALS 
Beautiful outdoor dining overlook-
ing Torrey Pines golf coursel Tasty, 
nutritious cuisine, all you can eat 
salad bar ... Choices 554-FOOD. 
(20% discount wlUCSD 10). (9/24-
11 /30) 

SUSAN -This whole stomach/intes-
tine thing is getting a bit ridiculous. It 
was the cow's fault. Hi Simon! (11/9) 

Destinations Unknown presents 
Rosarito Beach FALL FESTIVAL. 
November 16-18, 2 nightS/2 days, 
transportation, accommodations, 
free parties, optional lobster dinner, 
only $75. See table in Price Center 
or CALL 793-0492. (10/26-11/9) 

DRUMMER NEEDED - by guitarist, 
bassist. Have practice place. Call 
John F, 273-2145 or John T, 452-
6403. 

Are you stressed out? Feeling tired? 
Need to be motivated? If you are , 
the motivational tape center is the 
place for you. Call us. We 'll get you 
going right. 587-TAPE. (11 /5-11 19) 

Are you fit? Get into shape for the 
holidays at Being-Fit. No initiation 
fee. Only 4 miles from campus. Don't 
deiay - call today I 483-9294. (1117-
11/19) 

DARKROOM TECHNICIAN, 
CRAFTS CENTER. Position open. 
Ron Carison looking for someone. 
Call asap. (1117-11/12) 

Katrina, I met you at the Jane's 
Addiction show. Call me 270-9135. 
Gary. (11n-11/9) 

Darrell and Doug, watch out he may 
be back if you 're not careful! (11 /9) 
Friday's 4-way at lACK'S ISLAND 
will be lantastic thanks to lBT, AOPi 
and Sig Epl- KKG. (11 /9) 

Are you paying more than 5 cents 
per gallon on your drinking water? 
Call (619) 259-9086 for drinking wa-
ter at only 3 cents per gallon. (11 /9-
1/9) 
SIGMA CHI - Can't wait to party 
with you mafia stylel We'll have a 
blast! PI PHIS.(11/9) 

To the person who found my blue 
wallet , Credit Union Tue. night, 
THANK YOU MUCH. (11 /9-11 /12) 

lBT, Sig Ep, and KKG, Forecast 
calls for "Wild" weather on ZAK'S 
Island tonight! Love AOPis. (11 /9) 

Idnko'S· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Gamet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

CLASSIFIEDS 11 

,,-__ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ II 

TOM'S Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
---------------------.---

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
Ab.)ut Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

.. __ .... ____ III _____ II ••• __ lIm ___ -m 

NOWYOUeAN 
GETDlRIYFORA 
WHOLE LOT LESS. 

University of CaliFornia, San Diego 
REGENTS LECTURER 

LLOYD RICHARDS 
Artistic Director 

Yale School Of Drama 
Keynote Address: 

CULTURAL DIVERSITY 
IN THE AMERICAN THEATRE 

NOVEMBER 10, 1990 7 P.M. 
UNIVERSITY CENTER THEATRE 

FREE ADMISSION 
Presented in connection with the 

Cultural Diversity In The American Theatre Conference 
November 8· II, 1 990 

Sponsored by Conlemporory Block AtI$ Program 

I 
I 
I 



12 SPORTS 

Brian Mon1aIGuMIIn 
UCSD men s soccer Head Coach 
Derek Armstrong 
• This Weekend's "Oon't 
Miss" Intercollegiate Event 

Take a guess. The UCSO men's 
soccer team is hosting Wheaton to-
morrow at 1 p.m. at the North Campus 
Recreation Area in the NCAA 
quanerfinals. 

Without a doubt, this will be the 
Tritons' biggest game of the year. Of 
course, at this point, every game lbc . 
Tritons play is the biggest of the year. 

The difference with this game is 
that fan attendance will be more im-
portant than usual. Should UCSD win. 
the Tritons would be in line to bost 
soccer's version of the fmal four. . 

But the problem is that top-ranked 
Elizabethtown is still in the tourna-
ment and might be given first dibs on 
hosting if there is no significant reason 
for the NCAA to choose one location 
over another. The deciding factor could 
be fan support. 

So, if you' re not interested in just 
watching history in the making ... at 
leastcome check outtheTritons' vogue 
haircuts. 

Most of the players haved their 
heads for the occasion, and forward 
Mike Alberts says they should all be 
sporting the new look by nationals. 

SCORES AND STATS 
Scores and statistics for UCSD athletic 
events for the period of 11-2 to 11-8 

MEN'S SOCCER 
(17.2.1, r_ flflh nationally) 
NCAA REGKlHAL SECOND ROUND 01 UCSD 

UCSO 1 College of SI Thom .. 0 
UCSD GooII , Ste""nson (lodoon. Gerhardt). 38:03 

WOMEN'S SOCCER 
(1_1, """"" third natlon.lly) 
NCAA R£QIONAL FIIIST ROUND at St. Mllry's, 
Winona, Minnesota 

Macalester 1 UCSO 0 (OT) 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 
(3:H, .. nkeel __ n.tlonal~) 

USIUd. UCSO 16-14.1~.12·15. 15-8 
UCSD d. CSU San BemarclJno 15-8. 15-3. 9-15 16-14 

UPCOMING EVENTS 
HOIIEEYENTSIIIIOLD: G.me.from 11·91011 ·12 

CROSS CQUNTAY 
Sat<H<lay. 9:30 a.m . NCAA Reg.onal. 8100nem Park 

MEN'S SOCCER 
8et\Kdooy, 1 p.m., NCAA Qu.n..nnai VI. W_on 

WATER POLO 
Frt -Sun .• all day. Western Wattr Polo Assoaaloon 
ChampIonships at Claremont 

WOllEN'S Y0ll.Ft8ALl. 
Frt,·Sun., all day. NCAA Regiona l, at Pomooa P iker 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Friday, November 9, 1990 

1990 MEN'S SOCCER NCAA DIVISION III QUARTERFINAL 

UCSD in Familiar Territory 

Brian Morrill Guardian 
Chris Romey and the Tritons are headed in the direction of their second national 
championship in three years, but first they have to get past Wheaton tomorrow. 

At Stake: A 
-Trip for Two 
To Iowa 
• Preview: Cross country 
will battle Occidental for a 
spot at the national meet 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

• Preview: Men's soccer 
is poised to take the next 
step toward a national 
crown ; hosts Wheaton 
tomorrow at 1 p.m. 
By Phil Gruen 
Senior Staff Writer 

This is where il starts getting inter-
esting. 

LastThursdayandSunday, theUCSD 
men's soccer team pulled off two 1-0 
victories to win the NCAA Division III 
North-Central Far West Regional. One 
of the games was a rather difficult vic-

• NCAA QUARTERFINAL 
Wheaton at UCSD 
Saturday, I p.m. 
North Campus Recreation Area 
Ticket Prices: $4 General. S2 Students wilD. 
$1 Children under t2; first t50 UCSD 
students wilD free courtesy of the A.S . 

tory , as rival CSU San Bernardino took 
the host Tritons into overtime before 
falling. The second UCSD victory -
this one over visiting College of St. 
Thomas (MN)-was not as difficult, as 
UCSD scored in the first half and con-
trolled about 85 percent of the game. 

Not that the previous two contests 
weren't interesting, but the circum-
stances for Saturday's I p.m. NCAA 
Quarterfinals - pitting the Wheaton 
College Crusaders (lL) against UCSD 
at the North Campus Soccer Stadium -
may set the stage for a very unpredict-
able game. These teams are pretty evenly 

See M. SOCCER, Page 13 

You can'tteU me you want to go to Iowa. 
You want to go to Ihe capital of the com 

industry at the lime of year - when there 
isn 't even any com to look at? 

Iowa is boring enough in the middle of 
June - but the middle of November? 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Oaniel Keller and the Tritons are focusing on this weekend's WWPA Tournament. 

Believe it ornot, Grinnell , Iowa is exactly 
where the men 's and women'~ cross country 
teams want to be a week from Saturday, 
because Jt's the site of the 1990 NCAA 
Cross Country Championships. 

But first, the TrIton must advance past 
th;s Saturday's West Regional Champion-
~hips in San Dimas, Cali fomia and - even 
though both the men '~ and women's squads 
made it to nationals la~t year - that will be 
quite an accomplishment. 

Even thollgh the women's team may be 
stronger than last year's group, it is very 
likely that they won ' t make it to nationals 
becau~e 17th-ranked Occidental has been 
leavi ng th re~t of the weM eating dust all 
season long ':"'- and only one women's team 
will make the trip to the Hawkeye state. 

See CROSS COUNTRY, Page 13 

Postcards from the Edge 
• Preview: Water polo is 
7 -21, but it could secure a 
spot in the NCAA Tourney 
by winning this weekend 
By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

The SDmen'swaterpoloteamhas 
histo ry and bags full of postcards on i t~ 

~ide heading into this weekend 's West-
em Water Polo A~sociation (WWPA) 

hampionships at laremon!. 
But wi ll it be epough? 
Every year since 1982, U 

reached the finals of the WWPA cham-
pionShip tournament. And former Tritons 
are not letting UCSD Head Coach Denny 
Harper and his crew of youngsters forget 
about UCSO's wate r polo tradition. 

"We've been getting telegrams and 
postcard from alumni. .. philosophical 
encouragement as well as blatant state-
ments [about winning)," lIarper said. 

"I th ink fthe team] i responding well 
to it ,"he added. 

In order for the Tritons to Will the 
tournament , they will have to overcome 
three maj rob tacle : Air Force, SU 

See WATER POLO, Page 13 

Friday, November 9,1990 

CROSS COUNTRY 
Continued from page 12 

"[Occidental] is strong this year," Head Coach Mark 
Stanforth said. "But I think it's a toss-up." 

Even if his women's squad may not finish first in the 
west, Stanforth is confident that some Tritons have a strong 
shot at qualifying individually for the trip to cornland. The 
top three individuals that are not on the winning team 
automatically qualify for the national meet . 

"I think Denise [McFayden] and Michelle [Con Lay ] have 
a good shot [at making nationals]," Stanforth said. 

The men's road to Iowa should be a little easier going 
than the women ' s, since nationals will take the top two 
men's teams from the west region. 

Even though 13th-ranked Occidental is the clear favorite 
to win the west, Stanforth sees no other teams that can keep 
up with his men's squad. 

"If we (the men] run well, there should be no problem 
unless Pomona-Pitzer runs their best race ever," he said. 

WATER POLO 
Continued from page 12 
Los Angeles, and themselves. 

Air Force and CSULA, the top two seeds in the tourney, 
may not be as much of an obstacle as might be expected for 
a team that is 7-21. 

The Tritons barely lost to Air Force early in the season -
8-7 on Sept. 9 at the UCSD Triton Invitational - and have 
posted one win in three tries against CSULA. 

The last two games, however, have been decided by a 
single goal. 

No, the biggest problem for the third-seeded Tritons 
might be overcoming their own inconsistencies - one of 

The UCSD Guardian 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Mike Fox will lead the men this weekend at Bonelli Park. 

which lhey may have already corrected. 
In the last game of the regularseason, a 15-6 victory over 

UC Riverside, the Tritons finally began to capitalize on 
man-up opportunities - something Harper has been en-
couraging his team to do all season. 

As for the olher one, it just mighl be a matter of timing. 
"Up to now, two or three [players] have had their best 

games, while two or three have been mediocre or bad," 
Harper said. 

"We' re waiting for four or more people to have their best 
games. [The inconsistency] offsets itself. If [they can elimi-
nate the ups and downs], we' ll be unstoppable," Harper said. 

The Tritons will get their first chance to be unstoppable 
Friday at noon when they face sixth-seeded Chaminade. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN IS LOOKING FOR AN 

ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR 
Put clips (if you iulve them), resume, and cover letter in Phil Gruen's box in the Guardian office on the second floor 

of the Student Center or mail it to: The UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, La folia, CA, 92093-0316. 
DEADLINE FOR APPLICATIONS IS 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1990 
FOR MoRE INFORMATION, CALL 534-6582. ASK FOR DANA, LES, OR PETE. 

TO GEORGE, 
COLLEGE IS ALL 
GoLF AND 
CHAMPAIGN. 
Champaign. as in Champaign, 
Illinois, where George Sakas is a 
Master's Degree cand idate at the 
University of Illinois. 

And Golf, as in George's 1987 
Volkswagen Golf. 
"This car's great to drive. We 've 

taken it on road trips to Florida 
and allover the Midwest. Golf's 
got that special , solid Volkswagen 
feel. " (Hey George. the word is 
FahrvergnOgen I) 

"Golf's got lots of room for 
friends. And its hatchback design 
has come in handy for the many 
times I've moved.' 

For practicality, performance and 
the fun of FahrvergnOgen, take it 
from George. 
And take up Golf. 

SPORTS 13 

M. SOCCER 
Continued from page 12 
matched. Just take a look at the numbers: 

The fifth - ranked Tritons (17-2- 1) head into the 
quarterfinals - the final eight - afterreaching the Division 
ill playoffs eight times , including five regional champion-
ships and a national title in 1988. They are riding a 10-game 
winning streak, including five consecutive shutouts. The 
Tritons have tallied 13 shutouts through the season and 
outscored opponents by a 46-8 margin. 

The 10th-ranked Crusaders (19-2-0) have made it to the 
postseason 14 times, including eight regional championships 
and a national title in 1984. They have won their last 14 
games and have shut out 10 opponents this year. 

Wheaton outscored opponents 72- 17 during the season 
and received a bye in the first round. The Crusaders earned 
the right to play in the quarterfinals after a 4-2 downing of 
MacMurray College to win the South-Central Regional last 
Saturday. 

UCSD Head Coach Derek Armstrong has coached the 
Tritons to all of their postseason appearances, failing to 
reach the playoffs only in 1982, his fir t year with the team. 

Up to this point, Armstrong has compiled a 141 -36-16 
career record at UCSD, and has not had a losing season. 

Wheaton Head Coach Joe Bean has compiled a career 
college soccer record of 340-121-34, which includes stints 
with Quinnipiac and Bridgeport Colleges. 

Since he took over the coaching duties at Wheaton, Bean 
has amassed a 289-97-32 record which spans 22 years. 

But numbers mean nothing come gametime, and 
Armstrong knows that as well as anybody. 

Afterhis Tritons gave acommandingperformance against 
St. Thomas on Sunday, Armstrong spent much of Ihe time 
in practice this week working on the one thing the Tritons 
had trouble executing: putting the ball in the goal. 

Against St. Thomas, UCSD took II shots on goal and 
made only one of them. 

"If we get in the same position (around the penalty box) 
again. we hope to get better results," Armstrong said. 

But the Tritons are playing at home, and Armstrong 
hopes the home field advantage will be enough to put the 
Tritons over the edge. 

"A lot depends on the crowd," he said. " We 've got to 
make a good showing." 

In addition to the home-field advantage, UCSD has 
reached the semifinals three times, including the past two 
years. Wheaton has only made it once, and that was when it 
won the title in 1984. 

F A H R V ERG N 0 GEN. I T' S W HAT M A K E SAC A R A VOL K S WAG E N. 
" you drive a Volkswagen, you might be selected to 
appear In an ad ht-.e the one above Send your story and 
photO to Volkswagen Tasllmomals, 181 S Woodward, 
SUI18 200, Birmingham. MlChlQall 48009 C 1990 Von,swagell 



14 

(OBE-POLO 
PLAYOFF PREDICTI 
RankjTeam/ Rec:ord Odds Comment 
AM 
1. Swim Fags (4.{)) 2·1 Center·fold cefebs should repeat 
2. Tube Steak (5·0) 3-1 Gals are top notch, guys????? 
3. Deja Vu (4-1) 7-2 Could get to finals, again 
4. Poking Euphona (4-1) 5-1 Wi ll have to get past Fags in semi's 
5. Rubbers for Everyone (2-1) 20-1 Ov'lrmatched in this group 

M 
1. Guns and Hoses (5.{)) 3-1 Top choice In grab bag dIVision 
2. Biode Rubbbers (5.{)) 4-1 Will they degrade too soon? 
3. We got Jacked (5.{)) 9-2 Highest sconng team in 1M's, look out! 
4. Crom's Minions (5.{)) 6-1 Most i~oved squad of 1990 
5. Menage A Tube (5-0) 6-1 Havn1 been tested yet 
6. n's Lukes Faun (4-1) 8-1 Only ij they don~ win ft an 
7. Just Doing It (5'{)) 10-1 Could be doing the title dance 
8. 0001 Break Out Rubber (4-1) 15-1 Break out some Offense 
9 Ruth and Lance (4-1) 20-1 Need some help 
10, Brown Barges (4-1) 25-1 Won~ go down gutters 

A 
1. Lube My Tube (3-2) 5-1 Could slide into Championship game 
2. Soggy Cornflakes (3-2) S-l Might be limp and lifeless 
3 Jelly Fish (3-2) 8-1 Without the sling 
4 Bugs on Rugs (4-1) 10-1 Great descripbon of bad game plan 
5. Machooplciloo (3-2) 15-1 Bludman's sleeper pick 
6. Touch My Monkey (4-1) 15-1 Not WIthout protection 
7. Cheeks In Tubes (3-1) 20-1 Will make a great main course 
8. Unex (2-3) 35-1 It Isn1 snowing In hell. is ft? 
9. Dunkin Donuts (2-3) 50-1 Make it slam dunked-donuts 
10. Save 'Third' (2-3) 99-1 Better chance at that 

Championship Play-Off Preview 
INTRAMURAL TEAM TENNIS 
Team 

Coed AM 
1 Clete s Fuzzy Balls (5'{)) 
2 Ace In The Hole (5-0) 
3 The Acers (3-2' 
4 No Double Fauijs (3-1) 
5 Stroke It Hard (3·2) 
6 Impatient (4-1 ) 

CoedAA 
1 Sprockets (4-0) 
2 Love 'Em & Leave 'Em (4-0) 
3 Stress Monsters (3'{)) 
41 Luv U (4-1 ) 
5 Balls To The Wall (4-1 ) 
6 Goolagonorrhea (4-1) 
7 5 Orientals (3-1) 
8 Karbi Kids (4-1) 
9 Rubios (3'{)) 
1 0 Rat Down The Line (3-2) 
11 Hofl'lle Don't Play That (3-2) 
12 Team Riders (3-2) 
13 Double Bagels (3-2) 
14 0 and 0'5 (2-1) 
15 Ugly Champs (3-2) 
16 We Can, See (3-2) 
17 Protect and Serve (3'{)) 
18Rup's Fnends (2-2) or 

Balls Out (2-2) 

Comments 

Will they choke In the final? 
Outsiders looking to upset 
Solid but need a break 
Longshot at best 
Vera's longshot selection 
Nice record hut that s all 

Play the big points tough 
Heartbreakers looking to break a few 
Still untested 
Riding a big winning streak 
Win have to dig deep 
Need treatment soon! 
Vera's darkhorse bet 
Have won last three 16-7 
Latecomers still unbeaten 
Solid in tough league 
Hernie got no backhands 
Need a strong horse to ride 
No chance this year 
Need more match play 
Not ugly enough 
Try opening your eyes 
A' Ch3fI'4JS are looking for competition 

Big match Saturday AM gets 
BaIts Out (2-2)the winner in 

PLAY.()ff NOTES: The 1M Team Tennis Play-offs begins this coming Monday night at 7pm and 
8:30pm With first round action In the Coed AA Division. All play-off teams listed above should 
contact the Canyonview Recreation Office (534-4037) for match bmes. Because of severe court 
and time limitalions, rescheduled play-off matches will not be possible. 

Geed AA play-off rounds will progress from Mon-Nov 12 through the Finals scheduled for 
Saturday, November 17 at 10:3Oam 

Geed AM play-off matches starl Tue-Nov 13 @ 8:30pm. SerTll-finals are scheduled for the 
following night (Wednesday, Nov 14 @ 7pm) wfth the Finals ticketed for Saturday. November 17 
at 1 0:30am. 

All play-oH matches Will scheduled at the MUir Tennis Courts 

The UCSD Guardian 

BudMan 's Fearless 
FOOTBALL 
PLAYOFF PREDICTION 
Team Rec:_ Odds Comments 

Men's AM 
1. YORK HUNT CLUB 5'{) 2-1 May get back to the . cle 

CHOCOLATE CITY 4-1 4-1 Have the horses but not the oHense 
BIG AL'S SOLDIERS 4-1 10-1 Injuries spell doom 

4. SHOOKIES 2-2 12-1 Budman's surprise pick 
.'i, SIGEPS 3-2 25-1 Will win IFe 
Ii. SAE 1-4 50-1 Won't win IFC 

Men'sM 
1. TAKE IT DEEP 5'{) 3·2 Intensfty no problem-mellow out. 
2. HO BASHERS 5'{) 3-1 May bash to final but won1 win 
3. TOO DRUNK 4-1 4-1 that's right I hope n's Bud 
4. BUSHMEN 4-1 5·1 Should win but will gag againfor the 5th time 
5. BILLY JOE'S DREAM 3-2 10-1 Weak league should ten you something 
S. SLAMING SIGS 4-1 13-1 Body slam is their specialty 
7. BADNAD 4-1 14-1 Bluanan's surprise pick 
8. STACKIN' BONE 4-1 15-1 Need more practice 
9. ROlLING LARS 4-1 20-1 Roll ou1 of playoffs 
10, POWERHOUSE 2-1 25-1 Last year they were good 

Men'sA 
1. ANAL BIRTH 5.{) 2-1 Will play shilly 
2. ANGRY AFTERBIRTH 5'{) 3-1 May be battle of the delivery room 
3. NOTHING BEATS BUD 4-1 4-1 01 course my pick to win ft 
4. DRUGSRUS 4-1 5-1 No chance-too many <rugs from the 'U' 
S. DEADCREW 5'{) 6-1 no chance 
S. FLESH EATING WOMBATS S'{) 10-1 Gerbils will be downfall 
7. PREMO, ViOlENCE 5'{) 15-1 Docs can't cut ft 
8. HOMEY'S CLOWNS 4-1 20-1 That's for sure 
9. SADDAM'S FLYERS 5-0 25-1 Should be playing 'AM' 
10. BONG TOUGH 5'{) 50-1 Ohyah 
CoedM 
1. BALL GANG 5'{) 4-3 Should be a great final against Chutzpah 
2. CHUTZPAH 5'{) 5-3 Highest scroing team is awesome 
3. TAKE A HIKE S.{) 10-1 May have too 
4. HERSHEY IN THE HOOCH 5'{) 13-1 They stink 
5. JOCKS & BROADS 5'{) 15-1 May loose their jocks 
S. COR LEONE'S 4-1 25-1 Mafia comection5 won1 help 
7. WENTFOR TWO 5-0 40-1 May have to fo for a Biud 
8. BRI-SQUARED 5-0 55-1 Budman's surprise pick 
9. BILLYGOATS 4-1 100-1 Will be the goat 
10. U AIN'Y NOBODY 4-1 150-1 Great pick at 150-1 

Coed A 
1 CAN BILL PLAY? 3-2 2-1 NO 
2. GERMAN ASTRONAUTS 2-2 3-1 Spaced out 
3, SNATCH & MUNCH 2-2 4-1 Budman's pick 
4. MUFF & BUFF 3-2 10-1 Frat team? Go muffy 
5. OOPS!! I DROPPED IT 3-2 13-1 That's the problem 
S. TAKE WHAT WE CAN 3-2 t5-1 Sounds good to me 
7. COPULATING KIDS 3-2 22-1 Will need to get it up 
8. U CAN'T RUSH 3-2 25-1 OB must have a field day 
9 KNOBS & KNOCKERS 2-3 50-1 Doorknobs? 
10. SIX PACK 2-3 100-1 Will need ij 

REMEMBER: saturday's game on Pryatef Field (in front of the Warren Apartments) and Muir 
Field (by the Gym) 

ShuttLeheads To HoJd Court in Campus Championships 
Leaves tumlnl color, football on TV _ end nIIM. 1MrIkaCIvtnc 

around the COfMf end the AJJ.Campua BadmInton Tournament just 
a weekMNy. TheM .,.,the . ... GI autumn. And for the badminton 
enthusI8st, sna ..... y, November 17th .. the .... _ for the 2nd 
annual 1M townament. 

ActIon wli beIIn at 8:00am, with dIvIsIonI ...... at .UtfIIred 
times ttInIuIhOut the IIIOfIIIIW to 8CCOI1IIIIOdda .... antIoIpMed 
overflow CIVWds. P'UO ..... can caR 534 II .. en FrIdey, Nov. 
18th to find out wilen their cIvIsIon ....... AI ...... wllbe,..,... 
In the __ aymn8Slum. Att.r aM, tills sport" • .... tIIne' now! .... 
ups wII be Uken at C8nyonvIew until T1IuNdIIy Nov. 11. 

ChampIons ... ,... ............. fnInt o.v.'. T .... Shop. 
o.v. wli also be at the DIll for pnMIuct clemons., ...... , ..... and 
racquet stJInCInI. 

In past editions, th .. tournament ... h ............ the .... t pIeyera 
on ampus, but there .. no ....... the ... aooompIIshecI or .... 
ftrst tInIe player lhouIdn't ptlrMlMd. UCID lnbwllurallports will 
provide all the equipment neceuary, end If that .... 't eROUIh· c:heok 
out the entry ... ..... It·. he, Shuttle down to CanyomIew end pt 
...... up wltlle the,., .. ItIO room. 

Friday, November 9, 1990 

It'sherel Finally! Yes .... the end of the regular 
season has come and gone and really ... ft's 
about time. It's time now to go to the hoop for 
keeps. Yes!YesIYes! Play-oHtime, baby! The 

'g P-O'I Are you ready? Dickie V says: 
'You'd better be! From here on out, only prime 
time players get to perform!' 

The first round of the Intramural 3-on-3 Bas-
ketball playoffs begins this Sunday, Nov 11. All 
teams have made ij. Yes, even those stalwart 2-
14 dubs that couldn1 throw the rock in the 
ocean. Gotta love those IMs. baby. They take 
'email. 

The first round will consist of round-robin 
pool-play against other tearns that have above 
or below .500 records. Pools will generally 
consist of 4 teams and sometimes 5. Games will 
be played to 11 by two, or first to 15. 

Each team will play all others in their pool. 
with the top two teams advancing from each 
pool to a single elimination playoff next Sunday 
Nov 18. Any ties in pool play will be decided by 
head to head competition or total points scored 
and allowed. 

Playoff TIIIIII: AM All 7:00pm Main Gym 
AA Above .500 5:30 pm Main Gym 
AA Below .500 6:00 pm Rec Gym 
A Above .5OO 4:00 pm Main Gym 
A Below .500 4:00 pm Rec Gym 

The top dogs in this yea(s AM division are 
The Boys. They finished the season with a 13-
3 record. The only team that has given them 
trouble this year is SmIck. These arguing cry 
babies finished up the year with a 12-4 ma1t 

I'll give the rest of you AM teams some 
advice. In order to beat The Boys you have to 
stop hardship standout Pete Seneck. And If you 
are to have a fighting chance against Smack be 
prepared to argue long and hard. and whatever 
you do. don't give up. 

Also watch out for the old crew of Air WMe 
Trash. If they ever connect from outside seven 
feet, they could be tough. 

This year's AA competition was the best its 
been in a long while. So good that some around 
the league have made blatant accusations 01 
sand getting tossed around the gym. 

Pit Bulls On Crad! finished league play with 
a perfect 16-0 record, and have only allowed 51 
points. Efther they're going to walk away and 
hide with the title or the league was a little weak 
this year, We'll know in a week. The Homey 
Don't Play That team from the 4pm league 
might just be the team to beat. Also watch for 
their distant cousins from the Spm league Homle 
Don't Play That II. Let's be honest, now. These 
homies can play. 

Finally, the scrappy ' A • group. These tearns 
really get after ij. Forget that finese and looking 
good stuff. they just play, and hard at that. 
These games take forever and rightfully so 
because they are fighting for every basket. 
There are no easy ones here, Several teams 
have a shot at the title. Hot Rod Makes How 
Much ? posted a 13-3 record, and had a point 
scored/allowed ratio of 165-85. 
Another team to watch Is Swizzle Asylum even 
though they are defensively questionable allow-
ing 107 points while compiling a 12-4 record. 

It has been a great season for all fall hoopsters. 
LeI's finish ~ up strong fellas and not get too 
can led away wnh talking smack in the paint. Let 
your game do all the talking. In that case 
Smack, you might want to keep arguing. 

Vital 's Odds: 
AM 
The Boys 13-3 7-5 
Smack 12-4 4-1 
Shut Up and Dance 11 -5 8-1 
Air Whfte Trash 9-7 15-1 
Reverse Toe Jam 6-6 25-1 

AA 
Pit BluRs On Crack 16-0 5-2 
Homey Don't Play That 14-2 3-1 
Homis Don't Play That 12-4 7-1 
It's The Shoes 14-2 10-1 
An Inch Above The Rim 15-1 11-1 

A 
Hot Rod Makes How Much 13-3 2-1 
Swizzle Asylum 12-4 5-1 
Persian Magic and White Boy 13-3 7-1 
LGBNAF 12-3 13-1 
We Love Ruth 12-4 20-1 


