
Inside ... 
• OPINION ......... .4 
• FEATURES ........ 8 
• SPORTS ........... 16 

OPINION 
The Penny: Not 
Worfll A Cent 4 

The UCSD 

FEATURES 
O.A.S.I.S.: A 
Student Paradise 8 

SPORTS 
Men~Hoop 
Beats Redlands 76 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 69, #4 

Former Pilot Speaks On Campus; 
Announces Congress Candidacy 
By ANDREA ADLEMAN 
Senior Staff Writer 

,Approximately 30 students 
gathered last Wednesday to hear 
retired Navy Commander Randall 
"Duke" Cunningham discuss 
"Values of a Political Animal." 
Cunningham announced his inten-
tion to run for the 44th Congres-
sional district seat that evening. 

The lecture, sponsored by 
UCSD's International Politics and 
Economics Forum, focused on two 
ubjects Cunningham identified as 

crucial to the political realm, team-
work and the politician's values. 

Cunningham stated that team-
work was vital to his success as a 
Vietnam War fighter pilot. Simi-
larly, he stressed that politicians 
must genera\1y work as a team 
while at the same time considering 
each issue in relation to their own 
values. 

"I think the people that stay 
strictly with their party are yes-
men," he said. "I think the people 
that go their own way are maver-
icks. I don't like either one of them. 

"If you want to go out and draw 
from your own strengths, that's 
great," he continued. "But you're 
going to find that there's a certain 
party line and value system that 
exists. You can't totally alienate 
yourself from that." 

A Republican, Cunningham 
considers himself "more of a con-
servative in almost everything," 
although he repeatedly down-
played the role of political parties 
in voters' decisions. Rather, he 
urged the members of the audience 
to support candidates whose val-
ues correspond to their own. 

Communicating his own val-
ues became important in light of 
Cunningham's announcement that 
he will be running for Congress: 

Later, in the question and an-
swerperiod, Cunningham was less 
definite about his decision to run l 
saying he would finalize his plans 
later this week. 

When questioned by the 
Guardian yesterday, Cuningham 
declined to affirm his candidacy. 

"You'll have to wait" until it is 
announced nationally, Cunning-
ham said, although he said Wed-
nesday, "I'm going to run for Con-
gress and I want your vote." 

The prospect of running for 
Congress is not new to Cunning-
ham. Over a year ago, former Presi-
dent Ronald Reagan asked Cun-
ningham to run for Congress 
against Democrat1im Bates, whom 
Cunningham feels maintains a firm 
hold on the 44th district. 

Last Wednesday morning, 
President George Bush phoned 
Cunningham, again encouraging 
him to run for the congressional 
seat, Cunningham said. 

During his speech, Cunning-
ham pointed to homelessness and 
education as areas he would pur-
sue if elected. Despite his military 
background, he did not express a\1-
out support for defense spending. 

"I know the system and I know 
that there are a lot of those systems 
that are bullshit, that [the govern-
ment] shouldn't buy," he said. 

Brad Dominik, a Third College 
junior who attended the lecture, 
was somewhat surprised that 

Cunningham was critical of mili-
tary programs. "I think the fact that 
he's pro-militarydoesn 't mean that 
he likes everything in the mili-
tary," Dominik said. 

First-year student Dan Wilson 
said that he would vote for Cun-
ningham. 

"I agreed with most of what he 
was saying," explained Wilson. "I 
think we share some of the same 
ideology. I got the impression that 
he was pretty responsible and, as 
far as politicians go, pretty respect-
able." 

Both Wilson and Dominik aid 
that they found Cunningham's 

See PILOT, page 7 

UCSD Prof Discusses 
Group's Visit To. China 
By GRACE CHUI 
Contributing Writer 

After several months of debate, 
seven UCSD history professors and 
'One graduate student followed their 
original intention to visit China. 
The professors returned last month 
from their week-long visit, which 
had been postponed due to the 1une 
massacre in Tiananrnen Square. 

According to Professor Michael 
Parrish, the project had been in the 
planning stage for two years. 

"After [the events oflast] spring, 
we held a long debate to make our 
decision," he said. 

"We spoke with students in 
Nanjing who still wanted us to 
corne, especially after what had 
happened in the spring. The UCSD 
faculty was also supportive of our 
visit," said Parrish. 

Prior to the 1une massacre, the 
purpose of the visit was to give 
Chinese students a chance to learn 
more about the United States and 
to give the UCSD professors a 
clearer perception of China. 

"Chinese scholars have always 
had an interest in the United States 
and its history," Parrish said. 

"One purpose of the trip was 
simply to exchange views with 
Chinese scholars and graduate 
students, just like when one re-
searcher shares views with another. 
In addition, many professors here 
at UCSD expressed a desire and 
interest in going to China and see-
ing the society there," he contin-
ued. 

However, after the Tiananmen 
Square massacre, the purpose of 
the exchange developed a new 
emphasis. "Now it was even more 
important for us, as American 

professors, to demonstrate our 
support to the Chinese scholars 
and students," said Parish. 

Before their trip, the professors 
had expressed concern about the 

See CHINA, page 3 

Brian MorrislGuardian 

Randall "Duke" Cunningham, former Navy commander, 
spoke last Wednesday at the Price Center. 

UCSD Graduate Student In The 
Running For Student Regent Post 
Past GSA Pres.Randy Giles One Of Three Seeking Position 
By MELINDA HAMILTON 
Contributing Writer 

Randall Giles, a graduate stu-
dent in music composition at 
UCSD, is one of three remaining 
finalists for the position of UC 
student regent for the 1990-91 
school year. The other two candi-
dates are from UC Berkeley and 
Irvine. 

In addition to his experience in 
student government, Giles said he 
can bring a fresh perspective to the 
job. 

"It's very seldom that someone 
from the arts, the performing arts 
especially, volunteers or asks to 
serve on the Regents," he said, 
explaining that music is not usu-
ally an area which produces stu-
dent regent candidates. 

Giles has been involved in sev-
eral student groups on campus, 
including the Student Housing 
Committee, the Chancellor's 
Search Committee for Vice Chan-
cellor of Academic Affairs, and 
the Office of the President's 
Committee on Student Health 
Affairs, his only previous sys-
temwide position. He also repre-

sented the music department in the 
Graduate Student Association 
(GSA), and served as both presi-
dent of the GSA and GSA repre-
sentative to the Graduate Council. 

"I enjoyed working with the 
GSA and I realized what an impact 
students can make when organ-
ized," he said. "I became inter-
ested in systemwide involvement 
as opposed to campus wide involve-
ment." 

The UC Regents make the final 
decision on every matter concern-
ing the University, including 
spending, regulation of different 
University programs, creation of 
new campuses and schools, and 
management of campus hospitals. 

The UC Regents consist of 28 
members, including UC President 
David Gardner, Governor George 
Deukmejian, several heads of 
business and industry in Califor-
nia, UC faculty members, and one 
UC student, known as the student 
regent. 

The job of student regent is the 
same as that of any other regent, 
consisting of attending meetings, 
researching the backgrounds of 
various is ues, lobbying for votes, 

and voting on issues concerning 
the University. 

The student regent has the added 
responsibility of circulating among 
the students and communicating 
with them so that student needs 
and concerns can be accurately 
represented to the Board of Re-
gents. 

"It's a hard, impossible job," 
Giles said, referring to the amount 
of work involved with traveling to 
all the UC campuses and talking 
with as many students and student 
groups as possible. 

Giles said he applied for the 
position because he has an interest 
in University affairs. He worked 
to help bring about the mandatory 
graduate health insurance plan and 
found that there were other aspects 
of University affairs "that were 
equally interesting and satisfying." 

In his application, Giles cited 
promoting the Affirmative Action 
Committee (AAC), the repeal of 
the Gann state spending limit, and 
maintaining the quality of under-
graduate education as the three 
most important areas that the UC 
should focus on in the future. 

See GILES, page 7 



UCNEWS 
Lawrence Livermore Lab Denies 
Findings Of Neglect, Bad Security 

Lawrence Livennore National Laboratory officials 
last month refuted a recent congressional report that 
alleges amounts of plutonium large enough to build a 
nuclear bomb were left unattended there. 

The U.S. Department of Energy report indicates that 
the lab ranks lowest among the 26 weapons plants and 
regional offices inspected this spring for safeguards over 
nuclear materials. 

Quanti ties of weapons-grade plutonium were "left 
unattended in unalanned rooms during off-shift hours," 
according to Edward J. McCallum, the depanment 's top 
security official. 

But lab officials denied that the Livennore faci lity has 
failed to guard the potentially volatile substance. 

" At no time has plutonium been unprotected at Law-
rence Livennore National Laboratory," said L. Lynn 
Cleland, manager of safeguards and security at the lab. 

Cleland said inspectors found deficiencies such as 
burned out lights and metal detectors that were not sen-
si ti ve enough to discern contraband, bu t added that most 
of the recommended physical security improvements 
were corrected before the team left and all have since 
been fixed . 

Allen Lue 
Daily Californian 

Racist Overtones Mark End Of 
USC's Daily Bruin Parody Issue 

usc's Student Media Board has decided to end the 
USC Daily Trojan's tradition of distributing a mock 
version of the UCLA Daily Bruin after students at USC 
and UCLA became outraged by what they said were 
racial. sexist, and homophobic slurs in the Trojan's mock 
paper. 

The media board barred the use of university funds, 
space, materials, or machines for the production o f the 
"bogus" Bruin -a tradition that has lasted more than 30 
years . 

Shannon Ellis, USC assistant dean for student affairs, 
said Friday that the re olution "deals with everyone's 

Calvin and Hobbes 
~ AA£.tWI 
~~? \) It> iOll 
Q.E.'N bIR 
Rtt.I'I l ll(£ 1. 
J.SI(£\) '1O'J 1\)' 

1 If 
n\ON. 1I06B£.S . """'0 B8TI.R 
GO FINO tI.~ \NI\.IC~T£ 
BEAAt \\E G8S I'IE IN 

~()JBlE 

_ ...... ..,:I f C~~I"'! W\l~r !'&If. 
'(00 DoI~ OJfSIOC . 
0101'11' 1. JIJ'5\ SEI'iO 
iO\J To CL£IIN ~R 

~ ~ I'I1t\\JTES 

I tx:l«T 'fj~T 
"1II'i 1'i~<;E).I'5t. 

CAl~I~ . G::> 
vf>:,I'~\RS . 

I DID Too! 
NO'tl G8' 8~C.\(. 
U\>S,I.IRS I'M ~~~ 
LOSING M~ 

p~nEtKE 
I'<>R nils 
G"IA.E! 

News 
concerns." 

" It recognizes the dilemma - that [bogus publica-
tions) lead to problems, racism, and bad feeling," she 
said. 

But the genuine Daily Bruin's Editor in ChiefValarie 
De La Garza said that the board 's decision did not 
address the importance of heing sensitive to racial issues. 

"They missed the point. It could have been a learning 
experience. It ended up being something that they shoved 
under the rug." 

A letter from De La Garza to the Trojan brought atten-
tion to the parodie of Daily Bruin staff members ' names 
in a phony editorial staff box. Bogus staff members 
included "Irena Auschwitz," "Greg Queer," "Corky 
Coon," and "Wendy Hot and Juicy." 

De La Garza said a discussion about guidelines forthe 

"Jump" ... 

I 

This photo, taken by Kelly Moren in Togo, West 
Africa, won the "People of the World" contest, 
sponsored by the Fifth College Dean's Office. 
Second place went to Mila Rodera, and third 
place went to Heidi Hartsough. 

by Bill Watterson 
C"l~ \1'i 1 1'1-\ 
IIO\' C~l~I~ . 
r .... ~\') DVI'\.I · 
CAT'C: . CAlwfs 
II'i \\IS RooII\ . 

I 

'foIllt>.T DID I 
j\Js\ ~'1 ? 
Ik) NOII,SlItSt, 

C"'l~ I"' ! 
GO ClkAt.l 
,00R ROOtI\ . 

, 

~ ~IJSnE >O\JNP "'~ 
\)!Jt>L\o.~' c:.'1A.ON I\()SSt5. 
YI[I) SEnU \\\)RS1'\ ~toR'C 
lie G£15 \JS IN MClR£ 

~<:k)au: ! 

'f,I[ D 8£ntR 
IIVAA'I . I 
~IN\c' l"EN( 
'«lIJ1I. MoM 
(l)"'I~ ~N 

~E SlJ.\RS . 

,,-,Pli 

-

parody newspapers would be an effective way to address 
the problem. She also suggested ruling out profanity and 
"parody based on ethnicity . .. and a person 's sex." 

Kathy Lo 
Daily Bruin 

UC Plans For Three New Schools 
Despite Report's Suggestions 

The UC will continue plans to build three new cam-
puses despite a state commission's report that said only 
one is needed, according to UC officials. 

The campuses wi\1 help maintain the quality of a UC 
education for an increasing number of students, Univer-
sity President David Gardner said in a letter to Kenneth 
O 'Brien, director of the California Postsecondary Edu-
cation Commission. 

"In today's world, the UC is ... an internationally 
recognized research institution," Gardner said. "Our 
new campuses wi\1 share in that heritage." 

The commission said last month that the state should 
build more community colleges and fewer Cal State and 
UC campuses to meet its higher education needs. It also 
expects private colleges to absorb more students. 

It urged UC to add only one campus and use its nine 
current campuses, especially UC Riverside, to their 
capacity. The University should also further document 
its needs for graduate student growth, according to the 
commission. 

W. Kevin Leung 
Daily Bruin 

Regents To Hold Next Meeting At 
End Of This Week At UCLA 

Governor George Deukmejian's 1990-91 budget pro-
posal , which may hold significance for UC programs and 
operations, will be among the topics of discussion for the 
UC Board of Regents at its Jan. 18-19 meeting at UCLA. 

On Thursday, UC President David Gardner and Vice 
President William Baker will comment during Finance 
Committee discussions. In addition, Senior Vice Presi-
dent William Frazer wi11lead a discussion on the effec-
tiveness ofUe's affirmative action programs for under-
graduate and graduate students. A report on affirmative 
action activities will also be included before the Special 
Committee on Affirmative Action Policies. 

Other Thursday highlights include a resolution being 
proposed by Regents Chair Roy Brophy for his col-
leagues to point out any potential conflicts they might 
foresee in land acquisition for new campus sites; the 
annual report of the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory, pre-
sented by new Director Charles Shank; a special presen-
tation on the UC Davis Medical Center, focusing espe-
ciallyon its financial status; authorization for funding to 
correct seismic deficiencies in UC' s poorest structures; 
and an update on the status of SeA I, the constitutional 
amendment on the June ballot that would adjust provi-
sions of the Gann spending limit. 

On Friday morning, Chancellor Barbara Uehling will 
moderate a state-of-the-campus report for UC Santa 
Barbara. 

(it UCSD NEWS J 
Visual Arts Professor Gorin To 
Present Noon Seminar Thursday 

Jean-Pierre Gorin will present the department of 
music's noontime seminar on Jan. 18. Gorin, a professor 
of visual arts at UCSD, possesses a large background in 
filmmaking, film history, and criticism. The lecture is 
free to the public and will take place in the Mandeville 
Erickson Hall. 

-Compiled by Catherine DiUe, Ntws Editor 
and Jason Snell, AssocUlU Ntws Editor 

ERRATUM 
In the article titled "A.S. Discusses Media 
Funding, RIMAC Plan" in last Thursday's 
Guardian, it was incorrectly reported that two-
thirds of the minimum 20 percent of students 
voting on the RIMAC referendum must vote 
affirmatively. Actually, the total number of 
students which must cast affirmative votes has 
to be " at least fifty percent plus one," and "at 
least ten percent plus one," of the affected 
student population. According to the Student 
Policies and Regulations Manual. 

Tuesday, January 16, 1990 

CHINA 
Continued from page 1 
Chinese government itself. "We 
felt that we might be exploited by 
the Chinese government. Our visit 
might be interpreted by the gov-
emmentlomean, 'Look, the schol-
ars are coming back. Everything 
has returned to nonnal. '" Parrish 
said. 

According to Parrish, the pro-
fessors wanted to emphasize that 
the trip was simply a scholar-to-
scholar exchange, not an endorse-
ment of the Chinese government's 
actions in June. 

However, "when we arrived in 
China we faced little press cover-
age. There was no television, or 
radio [coverage], [and] only a small 
mention in the newspapers that we 
were in Nanjing," Parrish said. 

The seven professors were se-
lected for their specialized under-
standing of American history. 
Professor Paul Pickowicz, who 
studies modem China, was the 
"leader" of the group, since he was 
most familiar with the Chinese 
culture, Parrish said. 

Other professors included Mi-
chael Bernstein, who studies 20th 
century American economics; John 
Dower, who specializes in 1apa-
nese studies; Steven Hahn, a pro-
fessor of American/Southern his-
tory and social economics; Stepha-
nie McCurry, who emphasises on 
19th century American history and 
women's history in America; 
Michael Parrish, who is an expert 
on 20th century legal history and 

American politics and refonns; 
Julie Saville, who specializes in 
Afro-American studies; and Ther-
esa Odendahl, a UCSD student 
majoring in anthropology. 

Each professor chose a subject 
that was "interesting and impor-
tant for American history, yet rele-
vant to the contemporary situ-
ation," Parish said. 

At the Nanjing-10hns Hopkins 
University in Nanjing, the UCSD 
professors spent one week giving 
eight lectures and eight workshops. 
"Each professor gave one lecture 
and one workshop on the subject 
of his choice," Parrish said. 

Topics ranged from feminism 
and the woman's movementtocivil 
liberties and rights, the student 
movement ofthe 1960s, American 
economics, the struggle fordemoc-
racy and the American revolution, 
and racist attitudes during World 
War II. 

"From my own personal expe-
rience, I heard that there is a tre-
mendous amount of resentment 
[among the working classes of 
China] toward the government and 
what they did to the students," 
Parrish said. 

"The govemment will pay a 
terrible price for what they have 
done ... , sometime [in the future]. 
I get a sense of anger and disillu-
sionment from the Chinese people. 
After all, a great tragedy has oc-
curred," Parrish said. 

Yet, according to Parrish, the 
Chinese students maintain a posi-
tive outlook for, the future .. " In 
public, the students were restrained 

The UCSD Guardian 

in their questioning, but in private 
they held the same bitterness as the 
people. The students believe that 
China was the beacon that gave 
hope to greater democracy in the 
rest of the world. They sec their 
struggles as a part of the world 
movement, viewing what hap-
pened in China as impacting East-
em Europe." 

Parrish went on to explain that 
the Chinese students are very aware 
of the moves toward democracy in 
Europe and sec them as hope for 
their futures. However, "the Chi-
nese students real ize it w ill be a 
long, long struggle for them," he 
said. 

"( came away with enormous 
respect for the extremely difficult 
situations that Chinese scholars 
work under," Parrish said. 

According to Parrish, crowding 
exists everywhere in the Chinese 
universities, especially in the li-
braries and the dormitories, which 
often have six to seven students to 
a room. 

"StUdying is very difficult be-
cause China is still a poor country. 
Resources, such as typewriters, are 
still very limited. In comparison, 
our society is very wealthy," Par-
rish said. 

"( wish we could send every 
UCSD student to China, bec"ause 
then they would appreciate what 
they have here, especially in the 
UC system; we are very lucky. 
[The Chinese scholars] work in 
hardship, yet they're so dedicated 
to what they do," Parrish con-
cluded. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

NEWS 3 

Now featuring fTesh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 

hot chocolate! 
HOURS: 11-10:30 Sun.-Thurs. 
11-11 Ft1. at Sat. 
LA JOLLA COLONY 
7NO Regents ReI .. Ste. 108 
(In Von's ShoppIng Center) 

Lo olIoI.' I· 

\ ~~ 
,. '\ 101'" lok>l" ";:"" '''0''', ~=:o 
.... 

. 

uO( 

: J-

--------------------------Buy anv amaII, medium 2 f9!",,1,.?fg~= 
- Ono coupon per customer. expires 1/21/90 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~--------------------------~ 
....... WAUHQU5I- iii "-tty MeMI, _ c:o..-, St.o 

FUTONS OR .RAMIS 
5% DIICOUNT 4-WAY LOU ..... a .- IIUTOIII 
when you buy cotton futon & Twin $96.90 Queen $126.35 
Iounger herein, simultaneously Ful $114.95 King $190.00 

........ NIOIIt 
r..,6· $60 r..,tr $60 
FtA 6' $70 F .. tr $90 

~6' $80 ~tr $100 
~s' $110 King 8' $130 
T..,3' $44 I- I 
(aJllrlnl 

... 1.1- ..... ,.... coval 

.. ,- Said Pm 
T..,6· ,. T S34 .. FtA 6' $88 
Q.,.tr $109 F .. • Q sa • 
taWAOBHOUill 
Thun. 12-7 pm; Fri. 12-5 pm 
Sat. 10-5 pm; Sun. 11-4 pm 
Mon.-Wed. appointn-.ts 
292-467301' 569-7011 
YISA-MASTUCARD-YUI 

IVIOIIS I'UI'OIIS 
T .. 6· S69 T..,8· S89 
FtA s' S89 FtAs' $1011 
~6" S99 ~tr $129 
(2 pi«esd (2 piIcIIs 01 
ctIfMIItMd to.n ~twn 
;, COffI} in an} 

... -
.. way 

...... -
LOUII •• 

Pile $109 ...-
011< $199 T.., $42 
SWing $169 FtA $51 
SIIeI $266 <lMn $53 
Chelsea $159 ~ $90 

LAIIOI IIIVIIIIORY 'Allil 
Prices subject to change. 

0eMIy available. 
04807 Mwcury St., Warehov ..... " 

Tales I-ao5 Of 10 ~ to CIaiIemonI Mesa BMI. 
Go 2 b\ocIIs south on Me!CUIy St. on 
NE comer of Mercury and Ronson Rd. 

:;~:~:. ... Jo". V" •••• • "uare Ills/rlic/or's C'OII rse Retltlers 
, ~.) D •• fa' Group Ollen YOU: 

~ r;:J · COSME11C BONDING • VISA OR MASTERCARD 
• EVENING APPTS. • INSTANT INSURANCE 
• STeREO HEADPHONES EVALUATION 

• • NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
• ~-HOtIl EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• ORALSURGElY FOR WISOM TOOTH EXTRACTION 

--------------------------
IIII'ROIHInOIIJ 01 ... 

RAM & CLMNINO $29 .... $90 
ONLY 

tndud.: Cleaning and ~' X-Rays, Oral Canc.r _ and ""- CcnouhaIion. Expires 2/15/90 
to: SIudenb, FacuIIy and SIal 01 UCSD 

--------~-~~--------------DAVID •• IINOM D.D ••• 
Member: ADA, COA, SOCOS, Delta Dental 

8961 .... La JoIa Dr., Suitt 50 1 
(behind Kinko's) 455·9151 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free consultallon and tntllallrMlmelll 15 mIn . $20 value. Flrst·llme cllenl$ only)+ 

EyebrOWS 

Upper Up 

Chin 

Underarms 
81_ 
Stomach 

Bildnl Une 

F'ongers 

Legs 
Toes 

112 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American M<!dical Association 
approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female staff, state lie. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
LaJoUa VlUage ProjesslolUll Center Bebind Elepballl Bar 
8950 VII/a £.ajolla Dr. Sle. 2121 'Expires 1/31/90 

• SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
• VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

• Free Parking 
• Book Binding 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Tucs<iay, January 16, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER. Editor in Chief 
DA VID WYNER, Managing Editor 
ANTON BITTNER. News Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
DA VID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

The UCSD allQrdiaH i publi~hcd '''''icc weekly :u the Univcnily or California. San Die-CO. Conlaus 
e l990. V~w~ tl(p~»ed hc:rein rcp«)Cnt the majority YOtt or the edirorial board, and are not 

~I)' those of the UC Boord of Regents, the ASUCSD nor d\e entire GuardiaJI SlAtY. 

A.S. Election 

Time For Reform 
It's time to change to the Associates Students election process. 

In fact, it's long past time. 
The low voter turnout at the last election, and the difficulties 

hiring an election manager for the next one, bear witness to the 
need for refonn. Students in their first year at UCSD missed the 
silliness of last year's voting, and the many mini-fiascos in-
volved. 

The central change needed, and one which will require modi-
fying the A.S. Constitution, is to 
lengthen the cam- ~ paign. The cur-
rent system has elections in the 
second week of thespringquar-
ter. This is far too early. A .S. 
President10hn Ramirez sug-
gests that the election be 
pushed back a week, and not allow any campaigning until the 
second week. This is a partial solution. But it would be bener to 
allow limited campaigning, for example debates, in the first 
week. 

Under the current system candidates are virtually unknown to 
voters. Even more damaging, the current campaign length almost 
encourages candidates to seek advantages through bending the 
rules, and does not allow time for them to be called to task. 

The A.S. Council should also deal with some of the other 
issues which sour the elections process. For example, the creation 
of unifonn posting regulations. Candidates who wish to post 
flyers and posters (in other words, all candidates) are confronted 
with rules that vary from college to college. 

The Associated Students should take immediate action to 
remedy these problems. 

Not Worth A Cent 

Abolish the Penny 
They annoy us. We try to get rid of them, toss them in the Price 

Center fountain , and don't even bother to pick them up off the 
ground. 

The lowly 
Republic 

penny should be abolished. The New 
notes that inflation has turned it into 

"an expen- siveandinconvenientanachronism," 
and goes on to suggest a new, thick dollar coin 
modeled on Britain's one pound piece; further, it 
should bear Martin Luther King 1r.'s face. 

But that's a separate debate, far from the truly vi-
tal- or at least slightly less-than- trivial- issue 
of abolishing the linle copper and zink annoy-
ances. 

No one wants pennies - witness the little "give 
one, take one" cups by cash registers around the country. More-
over, look at the expense of the continued minting of these 
useless bits of metal. 

Several bills are in the works to redesign U.S. currency. This 
may not be a bad idea, if the plan forced a trading of old 
currency for new. Much of the currency is used 
in the under- ground economy, especially the 
drug trade. For example, the Atlanta Federal Re-
serve Bank, which serves Miami, puts out the 
most currency. But most plans just put new currency 
into circulation , without removing the old. 

A better and less expen ive plan is to simply abolish the penny, 
then begin discussions of a new dollar piece. Unril this is done, 
expect to see fountains everywhere full of the dull shine of 
copper. 

GttfiDIAN C -Up 

Comedy is No Laughing Matter 
By JASON SNELL,A.ssociaU News EdUor 

Run for the hills, children- and a group of 20 students will sit 
your slimy Uncle Monty is going thereandtaptheirpencilsuntilthe 
to tell his joke about the pregnant T A appears. Now, my friends, now 
fann worker again. 

Yeah, everyone thinks they're 
a comedian. How many times have 
you heard someone say "Did you 
hear what was on Letterman last 
night?" or "Did you see that sketch 
on Saturday Night Live last 
week?" 

is the time for comedy. 
And you can keep using com-

edy long after those first meet-
... 

ings-()nce people becon:e,.r.c-
quaintances, being funny can rHlke 
people open up to you. It's not a 
bad way to make friends, really. 
It's easy to crack jokes, even if 
they 're bad, and it makes people 
like you. 

Stop. Waitasecond. Did you 
just read what I did? Yeah, it's 
right there, right abovo-"it makes 

people like you." Sure it does. 
Everyone loves a clown. 

See, this is the problem with 
comedy. It opens people up. It can 
make them like you. You can gain 
good friends . But it can hun you, 
too. People can stan thinking of 
you simply as the fool, as some-
one who can't or won ' t take any-
thing seriously. And so, while you 
might be a friend of theirs, you'll 
never be a very close friend. And 
people don't usually use comic 
ability as one of the criteria in 
selecting a boyfriend or girlfriend, 
either. 

SeeCOMEDV, 

And if you answer with a genlie 
"No, no [haven't," they'll startre-
pealing lhe jokes, whether or not 
you actually wanted to hear them. 
If you're lucky, they won't butcher 
the joke badly, and you'll at least 
be able to understand it. 

I'm not one to talk. I do this, 
too. A lot. I'll try to do impres-
sions for people, but they always 
fall flat. My attempt at doing a 
Roy Orbison impression turns out 
sounding I ike Jimmy Stewart sing-
ing "Pretty Woman." Mercy. 

Students Paying More 
Money For Less Parking 

But I know why we do it. Well, 
at least I know why I do it, and 
why I'm trying so hard to be funny 
all of the time. It's because some-
times I think that making people 
laugh is the best thing in the world. 
Seriously. 

The best way to get people to 
open up is by making them laugh. 
How do you break the ice if you're 
with a group of people you don't 
know? Tell ajoke. Or, better yet, 
make a witty observation. 

Pretend it's the first week of 
the quarter, people. You know 
what I'm talking about: You're 
sining in a section somewhere, 
and the T A is ridiculously late, 

Editor: 
For the tremendous increase 

(18.75 percent) in student parking 
fees and the addition of nighttime 
parking fees, I thought the stu-
dents were supposed to see some 
sort of benefit (i.e. construction or 
expansion of lots or the addition 
of more spaces). Instead, what I 
have seen in the past three months 
is a reduction in the number of 
spaces for students! 

At the beginning of Fall Quar-
. , 

ter an entire row of yellow student 
spaces in lot 207 (north of AP&M) 
was repainted to green and at the 
beginning of this quarter all of lot 
306 (west of new construction 
behind Thi~ College Apartments) 
was repainted from yellow stu-
dent spaces to both red and green 
spaces. 

Not only is it aggravating to 
see students lose spaces while 
paying more money to park at this 
university, but in both of these 
convened lots, J have yet to see 
one day where they are remotely 
close to being full. 

Every student who parks a car 
at this university knows what a 
hassle it is to find parking. 

With all the letters that have 
already been published about 
parking problems, student park-
ing lots continue to remain full 
and the number of spaces are 
diminishing while faculty and staff 
lots contain unused spaces and 
keep getting bigger. So where is 
this 18.75 percent increase in paric-
ing fees going? Surely not towards 
the benefit of the students! 

Naoc:yBold 

The UCSD G .. Nia" wdcomc:s letters from students, faculty and staff. Drop your 
letter at the GIIIINia" offices (in the old Student Ccnttr, where the A.S. offices uscd. 
to be) or mail it to Opinion Editor, GlUlrtlia". UCSD, B-016, La JoUa, CA 92093. 
Letters should be typed, double-spaced and should include a signature and phone number. 
We reserve the right to edit 1ctten for length and clarity. 

BENSON 

Tuesday, January 16, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Eastern Europe: The Realism of Hope 
NEW YORK - As the old year ended, a 

Czech playwright once imprisoned for his 
beliefs was elected the new president of his 
country. 

A movement begun less than a decade 
ago by an unemployed electrician in a 
shipyard governed Poland. 

The red stars were dimmed over Hun-
gary, and East and West Germans traveled 
freely over the holidays for the first lime in 
decades. 

Who gets credit for such wonders? Did 
all these feats flow from Mikhail Gor-
bachev, Time Magazine's Man of the 
Decade? 

Did all this happen because Ronald 
Reagan kept the United States resolute and 
proved to the Sovielleaders that they could 
nol win a cold war with the West? Did the 
power of television images bring home to 
the Poles and Czechs and Hungarians and 
East Germans the material and political 
deprivation under which they were living? 

There is some truth in all of these ex pla-
nations, but the real answer lies elsewhere, 
in a region scoffed at by those who claim a 
special understanding of the way the world 
works: It lies in the hearts and miodsof men 
and women. 

Our "realpolitik" experts have taught us 
for generations that ideas of freedom and 
liberty are at best sentimental expressions, 
unfit for inclusion in serious "real world" 
conversations. 

Nations, they have taught us, act solely 
out of amoral self-interest, and to shape all 
policies around the ideals of democracy 
and liberty is nothing but naive foolish-

ness. (Thus, Henry Kissinger urging the 
United States to ignore the massacre at 
Tiananmen Square in the name of broader 
geopolitical interests.) 

What 1989 taught us is that this view of 
how the world moves is fundamentally 
wrong. The bleak premise of this vision -

Jeff Greenfield 
Universal Press Syndicate 

How could this have 
happened? How could 
men and women barred 
from the corridors of 
power do all this? 

that power is pennanenl, that protest is 
futile - has been repudiatat by literally 
millions of men and women. 

Just a· shon time ago, the writings of 
Vaclav Havel, Lech WaJesa, Milan Kun-
dera, and Andre Sakharov were forbidden 
from circulation in their nalive lands; now 
they are official doctrine. 

These iridividuals and those like them 
had no guns, no tanks, no bombs or mis-
siles; they did not even have the right to 
reach out to others and to freely say and 
write and think what they believed. But 
they and those who thought like them 
brought down rulers who had spent 40 
years and more insulating themselves from 

"Don't be cruel." 

So Elvis had a way with words. 
If you don't feel up to singing "Love Me Tender" to your 

sweetheart, check out our great selection of Valentine's Day 
gifts and cards. And say "I love you' with style. 

• 

--I), ! .. "\ I ,r' 
ll',l, 1]\ " Ii, 1,\[ 
I.. ·.1 I 

Hours: Mon. - Fri. 7:30 a.m. - 6 p.m. 
Sat. 9:30 a.m. - S p.m. 

any effective challenge. 
How could this have happened? How 

could men and women barred from the 
corridors of power do all this? A man I used 
to work for many years ago once descri bed 
how it could happen. 

"It is from numberless diverse acts of 
courage and belief that human history is 
shaped," Robert Kennedy said. 

"Each time a man stands up for an ideal, 
or acts to improve the lot of others, or 
strikes out against injustice, he sends fonh 
a tiny ripple of hope, and crossing each 
other from a million different centers of 
energy and daring, those ripples build a 
current that can sweep down the mightiest 
walls of oppression and resistance." 

Do those words sound naive, sentimen-
tal, unrealistic? To me, they read like a 
pretty fair description of what happened in 
1989. 

And they suggest what could happen in 
the 19905. 

Must South Africans choose between 
pennanent oppression and bloody revolu-
tion? Must the children of the Middle East 
grow up facing a lifetime of hatred and 
war? Can't the Catholics and Protestants-in 
Northern Ireland figure out a better way to 
live than to raise their children on dreams of 
killing each other? None of these evils 
needs be permanent - unless, that is, we 
assume that it is romantic foolishness to 
believe they can be ended. 

What 1989 taught us is that dreaming 
and fighting for something better is not 
naive or Quixotic or sentimental: It is the 
most noble realism imaginable. 

OPINION 5 

Comedy 
Contbwecllrom page 4 

Comedy can eVeD kill you. Most of 
the people who are obsessed with mak,. 
iDgpeoplc feel good. making them laugh, 
arenotexactlybappypeoplethemselves. 
It's one thins to make others Iaugb. it's 
quite another to mike yourself happy. 
The numberoffunny people wboend up 
killiDg themselves - either by suicide 
orreckless indulgence- is fartoo Jarp. 

I once read a story which cOntained 
tbis anecdote: A mao goes into a 
psycbiabist's office, and tells him that 
be feels completely depressed. that the 
world seems horrible, and that there is 
no joy in the world. The psychiatristtells 
him that he knows the perfect solution: 
the great clown Pagliacci is in town for 
a performance that night. and if the 
depressed man goes to see him, he might 
get cheered up. "But Doctor," the ~. 
says, "10m PqIiacci." 

Did you. see Dave', Top Ten List last 
nigbc? Did you hear die one about the 
cowboy and the TV producer? 

GolbeadaDdlaualL lbat'swbytbcy 
do it. MIlking people laugh is the next 
bealtbiD& ill the world-second only to lat..-. itself. 

So ao abcad and laugh. Laughing is 
pat. But cake my advice. my friends: 

Job at your own risk. Being funny ia 
not • JauPing 1lIIIIer. 
"The UCSD Guardian OOle-Up" 
a/lMf'S IIIdI M ... , • .,.. is JPrinm 
", a tliffi, .,,., staff JIUIIIIter el&&h Tl'UL 



6 

ACADEMIC SERV[CES 
MONDA Y THROUGH FRIDAY 

8:00a.m. ... :00p.m.-SIGI PLUS. Sygems of lnlCl1IC'tiv( Guidanc:c and 
Informatloo lSI. compuler·based pl'OifIm of c;&rW" mfocmalton cbi&ned 
to htlp you ,Ianfy your ,,-.IIs. V2Iiue" And occupadOf\:U inlerests. For 
mort InfOl'tNuon. COOlt 10 Career Servicc~ Cemer. S 1 O. 

8:00I.m.. ... :)Op.m.-The: Lan,u:.;c Prov.vn pcovMSc:s WIS\a.nct 10 stu· 
dents" ho!IC n:allve ~n,u..1'c I~ n<K Enalish and k) lOOse doln, WOI't in 
Japanese, Sp.lniih. Ftt:l'IC'h, German. Hebrew, and other l:I.n,uagu. A 
diaposric lest on wriuc:n En:lish aJol a second llncua&C IS !lv,HaNe on 
reque.'l, ~115.34·22tu formore Infonn:uion. Sluden! Cenlet'. BuUdin, 
A. Fr<t. 

8:00a.m ..... :JOp.m.--OASIS Wnun, Ccnler offen ~ servtce fer .11 
UCSD Sludems who ~ pre-'Nritin& help. conrerences on dnUls, and 
c:dicinl ad"K:e. We enl:llle any kind or wn11n11lfld any lUnd of wOlInl 
problem. Conf~ ~ by appointment only. E"t'CIling :appoincmc:nui 
Illsoawil:tble. (For full r.!.nse of services. see the: b:K:k.of the currentclus 
schcduk:.) CaII.534-22K4 orcomc by USB 401010 m:lke: an appOlRunc:nL 
nus iCrYK.'C is a"ailable throuPOUllM quancr. Sporuom:I by 1heOAS IS 
Wnnnl: Ccn~,.. 5ndcnl Center. 8ulldm, A. Free. 

I :OO".m. ..... :JOp.m.-OASIS Readme and Stud), SklUs Center offen 
OOC-Io-one Personal A~ "liQnL.'C for I....e:&mina (PAL) confereOCfi 10 im-
prove yoursklllsoo the (oIlowln, topICS: lime INnlJ,emenl, loo.l-iClt1nJ,. 
pro)C'C1 pl,lnntn,:and 0fJ4IliUlIOn fOf" n:~an:h,lc:cturt nOtC-wlnl,ItXI-
boot rc:adinll. prtp3l"ln, ror cltOlm~ and le-sHakin, str.ue,~. PAL 
confercnl'b i1I"C flU lind aV:lil:tbk by :appoinUT'ltn! fcwmote inform:luon. 
calISJ4.1144or>lopbyUS B401O F.«. 

8:00a.m."':3Op.m.-Honon "'orlshops Ind Individual aS5tSWlCe for 
fresJnnc:n lind sophomore3-. The: ",-oA.shop '*111 focus on the short paper, 
thctsloayeum.llnd t~ prole~lltapanner SllMitnu.will havcmcop-
ponunlty 10 le3m a \Ioord proct sing ylttcm. SAA SIl.wXnl\o are eSpelClllly 
encoo""cd to ,pply. C,II Fmcll Fo .. nun " l34·1344 r", runile. 
mfOClllallon or 3.n o.ppolntmcnL Free 

8:00a.mA:JOp.m.-OASIS Rea<Unl and Study Skills help you "''' 
quaner ..... ith time: management, notctai..mg. midlc:nn paparauOI'I. and 
test-takin, Slr:llelies Stop by USB 4010 or call S}4-7]44 to!iet up I 
personal IppointnlCnL Abo-sla)' on the lookout for those valuable 
OASIS iludy §kills wort5hoplt. F~e 

MONDAY, JANUARY 15 

I:JOp.m .... :OOp.m.- DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS Fot help findin, 
doointbk: pan·tame employment. dc:ttrTnlnlni career loal.lt. scuc"lnC for 
,tOblh Of upk>rin, profcsslOl'l.1 Of J1Idu.1te school opponunlties. No.p--
potntnlCnl nect»ary. JU~ ...... ll·ln Free. 

TUESDAY,JANUARY 16 

1 : .lOp.m.--O~.CAMPUS INTERVIEWII'.'G ORIE'ITATION Ir you 
;lre Intcre~cd In pmicipalin, In the Career Scr.-ICCS Ccntc,.·u>n-campus 
Inte!'VIC"''"1 proj,Cilm thl~ qu;UtCt'. il i~ mandltor)' th.1t you IUtend one of 

I~ onenaitllOfllt. bc:f~ )'OU In\tl'\<tC:w rr« 

I:JOp.m ":OOp.m.-DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS For help rtrtdtn, 
de)lrabk pvt. time employmenl. tklcmUnln& carc:cr ,Oils. §can:hm& for 
job-. or c .. plonn, profe'liM<N'l:l1 or puduale iChool opponUOIIICS No 
appointment nel,;c~~.Ju.ll1 ",,:1Ik·ln free 

~:oo.5 :00,.m. . TIME MANAGlMENT WORKSHOP·Are yoo h,,· 
in, probkms fitun, you o;chedult InlO "d .. y" Don't have ume for 
evel)'thin." Well.(;onlClolhcOASIS Time Man.a&c:ment Worlshop.and 
.. e ",ill help),OU &CI OI',anlr.ed OASIS Annex. (actOU from R.c&i tra,', 
orr"",). F .... 

The UCSD Guardian 

TheWeekly Calendar 
.:JO.I:OOp.m.- The LanIU. Prosram povIde, 
auisl1lMX 10 studenlS VI'ho$.t nab"e l.n' .... le is noI 
[nllh,h and 10 ttKbe dotn. wort. in Japanese:. Span-
ish. French, Gennan. Hebrew, Ind other tln,UI&ts. 
Adl',llOSlk leSion written En,lis.h Isa second I.n· 
IUlle is available 01'1 rtque L Call .H4-·2284 ror 
more informalion. Sludtnt Cenler, BuHdinl A. 
Fr<t. 

WEDNESDA Y. JANUARY 17 

IO:OOo.rn.-IN'ffiRVIEWINO SKu..LS WORK· 
SHOP. Do you need help In ~paring for job inl~r­
vic""," Career Services Cenler will provide tips on 
lhe best wlys 10 present yourqualification.nd what 
kind of inrerview questions fa expect. F~. 

l :oo,.m.-<lN·CAMPUSINTORVIEWiNOORI· 
ENTATION. If you are intc~~ted In pal1itipattinl 
In the Ca.rur ServKC~ Center', oo-<:ampw: inle"-
"t(""lnl proenm thiS Quaner, illS mandalory mal 
you .ttend one of these OOtnlanons bc:f~ you 
intervicVo Free 

1:)Op.m..4:00p.m.-DROP·IN ADVISI G 
HOURS for help lindin, desirable pan-unte em-
pk)ymc:nI, delernlinin, Clreer ,oals. searchinl for 
jobs or e'plonng profe sLonal or graduale sc~ 
opponunllles.l"OoappolnmlCnt nece.ssary.Ju~ wOlIL-

in~ 

3:00p.m. ·DENTAL SCHOOL: WIlAT APPLI 
CANTS FOR 1991 ADMISSION NEED TO 
KNOW - AdmlMKmi procedun:s.apphc:tllOllstnte-
gies. and .w:1«"tloo of 51:hools '«III be dlscu~ 
F"". 
THURSDAY. JANUARY 18 

IO :OOa.m.-TilE MARKETABLE RESUME 
WORKSHOP. Learn how loconSUUCt a itBle-o(-thc:-1U1 resume WI will 
rn.ake you sW1d oul (rom the: crowd. Free. 

IO:OOa.m...2;OOp.m.-kwish Campus CenlCrs Inform:nion Table in 
ReveUc Piau, COtTle and mttl Rabbi 000& SkMnick, DilUtor of lhe 
Jewish ~mpus Centers II UCSD. This Is I w.y 10 &etlnrormallon lboul 
Jewish Ii(c on campus. 

1I:30un.-EFFECTIVEJOB SEARCti STRATEGY. 80'10 orall job 
vacancies Ire unadvenised This worbhop ..-iII Ic:aeh you the moSI 
errccrive .... a)' 10 lind lhem. Free.. 

I :OOp.m.-MBA INFORMATION SESS10N - 8uYneH school prepa-
radon. Idmi5sions proct.du~s. applicaJion 5lC1teCics. and sdcc::lion of 
sctMJols will be: discuued Fn!C. 

I :3Op.m.":OOp.m.- DROP·IN ADVISII<G HOURS: For help rtrtdin, 
dc:sintble pan-time: employment. de1crmininC'artef,oa.!s, $Carthln. for 
jobI or uplonna profei$1OfII1 or JTId .... w: school opponuntties. No IP' 
"otnlmenl necessary. jUiI wllk-in. Free, 

4:J0.8:00p.m.- The l..In,uale Proaram providesasswnc::c: to Sludents 
whose nJlivt laneua,e is not En&lish and 10 those dolna WOC'k in J.panese. 

S~nish. Frt",h. German, Hebrew, and other ltn.ua.ces. A di'lnosdc 
lea on '«nllen En&lish as. sc:cond lanaua&e is .va.il.bk on request. Cau 
5).4-2284 for tne:n infotmllKwt. SlUdenl CeRler, BUlldinc A. Free. 

7:00p. ... -MEDICAL SCHOOl.: WHAT APPUCANTS FOR 1991 
ADMISSION NEED TO KNOW - Admissions poUcies. applicaaion 
Slnle~ and seieclton 01 schools will be discussed. Frft.. 

FRIDAY, JANUARY 19 

100JOa.m.--ON CAMERA. PRACTICII<G IlITERVIEW1NG SKILLS 
- Sharpen yourinlervlewln,il.ills by KC"in,.nd hearinl yourself on vkic-
ot .. pe, Receive fecdbac;:k from cxhtt job sec.kers In this IfOUP work.shop. 
Prerequl,ile; IntC1Vicwin, Skllls workshop. Free. 

Il :JOa.m.--ON·CAMPUS INTERVIEWING ORIEIITA nON. Ir you 
an: imertlilcd In pilRiCipalinl in the Career Servaca CeRler'S on-ampus 
intcrvlCWinl proaram this quaner, It is mandatory that you attend one 0( 
IhciC onenl.IIOflS before you Inlerview. Free. 

1:.lOp.m .... :OOp.m.- DROP·Ir< ADVISING HOURS: Foe help findin, 
dc:ilnt.bk pan· time employment. «Ienninin, c.areer lOlls. searchlnl for 
jobs, or e~poonl profeuion.1 or aradUlte school opponuniries. No 
appointmc:nll'lCCCssary, jUR walk·in. Free. 

ORGANIZATIONAL MEETINGS 

WEDNESDA Y, JANUARY 17 

IO: ......... :OOp. .... -l"k Isnel Activities Comminee tw In Informa-
lion Table up In Revelle Plaza.. Come and ulk With Jewish iludenl$ aboul 
JcwUh life on campus and opponunities (or visitin& IsraeL 

SUNDA Y, JANUARY 21 

Super Sunday! Gc:lon lhe. phoncfor UJA! Help nt.isc money for locaI.nd 
nAlional.,encic:s, and JSt:llcl. in .his community-wide phone·l·tOOn. call 
Andy Fink. 4l2· 7986. 

WORKSHOPS AND DISCUSSIONS 

TUESDAY. JANUARY 16 

1I:00a.m..I2:.lOp ... ~INO wrrn CtlRONIC IJ..I-NESS AND 
PAIN-This &rOUP is for students de.linC with chronic illness or pain in 
t.hcuown livc:s or in the livCiofg&nifteant others. Topic51Obe.addreslCd 
include pain/mtss man'lemenl lechniques, handlin& dc~uion and 
loss. dealin, with medlCJltl'tl'meRl and dcyclopin, suppon sy"cml. 
Copin, skHJ dc:vcLopmenl and I wpponive envlfonmem will be e~· 
ilted. led by Jeanne Manese and Carol Le8oc:uf. For a preliminary 
appointmtnt before comin, 10 the &roUP please c.1I CaroIal.s34-02.S6. 
1003 GH. Free. 

I :OOp.m.-School 's bKk in ""ion. bul your mind's sliIl on thai some· 
one special from va.;llion. Come 10. Buth Con~ lnfo Session 10 I(lm 
.bout all the: Ivallable methods_ Stt.Kk:nl Health Servke. 2nd floor. Free. 

I ;QO..l:JOp.m.-Underlflduale Women's Ciroup-This group will focus 
on concerns common limon, undc:' .... dUJIC women, Including relation· 
5hlp is un, family of orillA. loiioO; and self-ateem, StreSs, and devclop-
'"' family idenlilY. Led by Minam losupovici and Yveue Mitrani. Call 
Minam II 5l4-02S5 or YYCIIC.t 5)4·172.1 fOf I preliminary 'ppoinuncnl 
before comin, 10 lhe croup 1003 GH. Free. 

1:0()..2:30p.nl.- 8Iaek Women 's Suppon Ciroup-An informal group 
which meets .. «kly 10 cnhance the academic. person.1 and SOCial 
e'(pcneIK.'(' 0( Black women siudents. Led by EqullI. Lukc and CrysuJ 
Shannon Call CI')I~al or EqullI. at 534-l1.1S tor Inf(W"l1llIlOll.nd slln-
up Revc:lk Fotma.I Loun&c. Flte. 

2:00-4:00p.m. ·STRESS MANAGEMEN1' WORKSI1OP·ThI. w ..... · 
iMp ..... 111 f(l('u~ on Increasln, your ... attness of the: c(fects of $treSS on 
)lour hfe and le.tmtnl skills 10 m:anage fotre§S (e" unl( manll&emc:nl. 
rtJu:lllon.COA:mu'o"e ~llls) . IllS rtCOmmended 1hal you pa.niclpote in IhlS 
.. orkshop be(ore you feel ovc....,.hdmcd by " ress. Led by Kathy Kashima. 
CAli Kalhy III J14 .lS8S ror inf()(TT1,1l1on Free. 

WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 17 

I:OOp.m.-TOf11 lnd Jan wenlln hcrvan to h.ve Iinde fun "Wh.L no 
condom?" "llhou,hl you had on" "Oh. wcll" and now lhey h.ve: a $00. 
Don'1 klthi.!l happen 10 you Come: 10. ~nhcontrollnfo IC)SIOI\IO k~m 
about Ihem.uve methods or birth controL Student Huhh Service. 2nd 
f\ooc. Fr«. 

J:OO-4:ODp.sn.- ADVANCED ADULT CtlILDREN OF ALCOHOL-
ICS 11iERAPY GROUP-Restricted 10 slYdenls who have previously 
been in )ndi"idua.l and/or JrOUp tbmpy. Weekly .nendincc is required. 
Led by Jeanne Mancse. 5)4-3035. Call Jeanne for I pt'tliminary !lCft'lCn-
in, appoinnnem befM. oornin, 10 the croup. 1003 GH. Free. 
4:0&-5:3Op.rn.- LEARNTNG TO LIVE WrnJ LOSS·A warbhop de· 
si&ned 10 lervc thole who uYeeltperienced thc.dcuh ala si, niflcanl in-
diyidual in lheir lives. 'The worbhop will help members express lheir 
reacrions It'Id fcelin,s 10 lhe lou, and will faciliwc acceptanee and 
"Ieuinllo." Led by Ywoe Mitrllli Ind Evene Ludman. Ca1l Yveue II 
534--1 ru for in(onnatic:wl.nd I prtlimlnary Interview before comin& 10 
the ..... p. 1(0) Gllbraith )iIIl. Fr«. 

THURSDAY, JANUARY 18 

I:OOp.m.-Ncw Ycarsrc:soIuUons1Do Lhc.y irK:ludc: wan, benc::r care of 
)'ourbod)'? Come 10.1 Well Woman Session 10 lelmlboolthinas like the 
pelyic e"",. vllamin IUd mineral rc,ulation. and infectiOf'l P'"C"enlion. 
Siudent heJltb scrvk:c.lnd flCX!C. Free. 

):oo..:tOp.m.-<lROUP FOR UNMOTIVATED AND PROCRAsn· 
NA TINa SnJOerTS .. A poup forsludents wbofind l,dim,ul1 to s.ody 
or aet Sluted on the wnt,"C of papc:n Ind who feellhlll school is nOl the 
placefcwlhen'lltthi lime. l..edHulhPates,.5).4..14~ ReyclleProvOSl's 
Office. ~. 

.3:30p.m.- Mlnorhy Engincerin.l Program Semmllr 'lime: MlUIlge-
menl for En,inccnn, Suadt:nlS" foteiltlalcd b)' Cecile Cowan, IBM 
Community Relalions Manap. For rnorcr infOl'Tllation. call the MEP 
Office It S14--6IOS AP&'M 1808. FrtC 

6 :00p .•• ·7:.lOp.m.~AY AND BISEXUAL MEN'S SUPPORT 
GROUP. Have • question? Want someone 10 taiL 101 Need. suppottlve 
envu'omnenc" Comejotn us! Lcd by Marl and Tony. Drop--ans wc.k."'OOle 
Of" caU Dlvtd II 534·3981 for infonnallOl\. Women', Resoul't't Cenler. 

FRIDAY, JANUARY 19 

IO:00un...l1: ......... - .. FEELlNO OOOO"-This.JrOUp isde$igned for 
S.udcMS who would like tokarnCOlnitive skills IObetlercope with lheir 
feelinp 01 depresslCM'l. We will be: usin, 03.vid Bums' book "Feeling 
Good." This woritshop is IW)I inlended for Sludenl$ who are suiddal or 
senously depressed. Led by I(othy K .... i ... C.II I(othy" l34-3~S rot 
inform.donand a )ftll.mi'*Y interview bcrorecomin,lO Ihc:,roup. HSS 
2148. Fr<t. 

l :eo..J:JOp.n-A loohol and Subgance Abuse Group-If you have e"eI" 
asked"Oo I have I pmbk:m:1," c::hances~ you do have I few things 10 
f.lk.rout Led by Dan Munoz and Crystal Sh.nnon. Call Dan ::11 S34-
1.519 ( .. informaDon... 

4:_:~MPUS BLACK FORUM·An Inrormal diS<V5sloo1 
suppolt poup which focuses on ls5UCJ. oonccrns and eltpc:rimccs thlt 
affect tilt qr.aaJilY of life ollhe Afriun·Amcrican rommunity at UCSD. 
A probIem-soIvin, Ind sklll-buildin, approtM::h is used to mist students 
In copinl with academk: • .sociaI, rel.tlonship, and r.mily maners. Lcd by 
Phil RapNeI and Cry ... 1 S ......... Foe Id<HrionoI inronnation. call Phil 
or ery.talll SJ4.)1SS. 

FITNESS ASSESSMENT 

MONDAY, JANUARY 15 
IO:00un.· 12: .... rn.-Get yourquanet off on the "Iht rOO!. Ges. rree 
fitness assessment at FitStop. SlOP by or call .534-1824 for an .ppoinl· 
ment. lSi fkxw. SlUdenl Heailh Cemer. Free. 

TUESDAY, JANUARY 16 
11:OO' .... -1:0Ip.m.-Yes.lhc momc:nlllas finallyarrivcdl ATSTOP is 
in fulilwin, this qu.aner1 Slop by Studenl Hcallh orcan .5J4.1824IOmakc: 
an appoinlmcnl for a FREEnaluatioollsl floor, Siudenl Hellth Ccnler. 
FR.e. 

1:00p.m.-HeaI'" I ..... l.un<iteon Sene.-Come ...... Ind IlIk with 
other JCuden1.5 and (acuIty lbout issues involved in heallh care. OUtit 
5pOIIkcr: Z. Kripk. M. D •• M.Ph. UCSD STUDENT ilEAL lll. UIlII 
reftuhmcnl provided, 1lUrd CoIk.e-La Casa. Free. 

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 17 

Il: ....... -2:0Ip.. ... - There·s no bc:mrway 10 ICI ovcr Hump Day Ihan 
tocomc inco SIOOtnl Health fro a fREEfitness ev.luldon. Call S34-1824 
or uop by Siudeni Health to mike an .ppoinonent for Fn'STOP! Free. 

THURSDAY. JANUARY 18 
1:1Ip. .... ):OOp. .. - How pIIy,k:ally fit do )'OUthink yO\! .,.1 To find 
out, come for I FREE firnca Mlluilioa II FITSTOPt SlOp by Sludcftl 
Hc:alth or call .534-1824 ror III appointmcnll 151 floor, Silideni Health 
Center. Free. 

RELIGIOUS FUNCTIONS 

TUESDAY THROUGH SATURDAY 

5:I8p.m.-CAlllOLIC MASS. SponsomI by tl10 Catholio Student 
Community at UCSD. University LuLhc:ran Church. comcro( N. TOI'TCy 
PInos .... La Jolla Shorea Drive. 

TUESDAY, JANUARY t6 

12:tea.m..-I:oo,.m.-Weck1y Torah study class with Rabbi Dou, 
Slotnick. direclOf" rI the Jewish Campus Cen.en II UCSD. All are 
weloome to Ihis 161 class about the. weekly Bible ponion studied by lhe 
Jewish commuairy. 502 Maa.bcws. 

Tuesday, January 16, 1990 

WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 17 

3:00p.m.- Talmud Study. An inlroduc:\Ory stud)' session basal on lhe 
Talmud. Led by Rabbi Moshc: Leider. H..:milmllCJ Library. 

6:00p.m.-Dinnc::r is served! Enjoy some home cookinl with other 
UCSD $Iudena. sponsored by the L.ulhtran Community II UCSD_ Open 
to III. University l.uthc::r.tn Olurth, ICf"OSS me Ilttt from Revelle Col-
IC.le. 

6:OOp.m.-7:00p.a-LOOKING FOR A TRADITIONAL BIBLE 
S11.IDY? UI<ITEDCAMPUS MIr<ISTRY IpOfIliOIl weekly Bible .. udy 
in the Reformed U'ldilton. Whal thai means is lhac you learn how 10 usc 
the Bibtc " I valuable spiritualluidc (<<living. Wtnlcrquartcrstudy .. the 
GoIpeI or Marit · jotn us in Campus Mini",>, orrICe. Bldl. flO2 MAAC. 
All arc welcome. 

1:00p.m.-Bible "udy led by Lutheran Clmpu' ""'or John Huber. Tho 
IOpic i5 2 CorincWans b. Everyone Is wek:ome. Univcnhy Lulheran 

~urth. across lhe Itreel from Rc"cllc: Colle,e. 

7:lOp.m..-Wednesday NI,ht DllCussions. "Why Believer Visitin, 
scholar, fro Pierre Riches. .... Ullcad. dilCUUion about.he buis (or belief 
in thecoolempon.ry wortd. Univers ily Lwberan O1wch Caaholk:Lowtae. 

9:3Op.m..-CANOLELIGHT MASS. A quiet. mediWlYC time for ihar-
inl whh Others. Spomoral by the Catholk Siudent CoownuailY'1 UCSD. 
Universicy Lulhcran Ctuuch. corner of N. Tone)' Pines and La Joli. 
Shon:s Dr. 

THURSDAY,JANUARY 18 

s:4$p. ... - TIlE lllURSDAY DINNER. Homemade rood and .... ' 
company. Sponsored by the C.tholk: Studc:nt CommunilY al UCSD. Uni· 
venity Lutheran Church. Quhol ic Lounac. Corncrof N. TOO"Cy Pines and 
La Jolla Sho<es Dri ... II 00. 

7:3Op.m.- BibleSludy. Episcopal coIl~ac:"udcnlS. Weekly Bible "udy 
and monthly evenLS. SI. Elizabclh's Otun:h. 282.5 Menon Ave" S.D. 

7:JOp.m.- BI BLESnJOY: Join wilh mcmbersofthc Catholic Commu· 
nil)' for reflection and sharin, .boulthc upcominl Sunda.y Scripeures. 
UnivcrsilY Lutheran OIun;h. Catholic Loun,e.comerofN. Torrey Pinel 
and La Jolla Shores Dr. 

SATURDAY, JANUARY 20 

2:0IIp.0L-I.c:"""'., SItabboI Study. A Slttdy session rocu~nl on the 
_ ponion 0/ the _k. Led by RabbI Slolniek. 
7:OOp. ... -Sin ... adult ..... p 10<5 ",dinner .. tile Soup Exchan", ill ... 
Jolla. For informalion. c.U 4S~I. m7 F.y A"enue. 

SUNDA Y • JANUARY 21 

.:000.a .............. _ Eplscopol 0."",,, Wonhip Service:_y 
Eucharist and pori .. ftllowshlp. Good SamarI .... Episcopol o.UId>. 
4321 Eut .... Mall. 

' :-"'-CA11iOLIC MASS. Spoa>ORd by tile Quholic S .... t 
a-nunity. UCSD. UnI..m.y ......... O'uR:h. eon-orN. Torny 
Pines and La Jolla Staom Drive. 

1I:IOrua..-LUIhmn Worship Service open 10 all. University lMdIteran 
0._. 1I:r"" tile , ... t rrom Revelle C4lqc . 

11: I5 ........... PauI Boetcr. pre:lidenl of UCSO', Inllilule of the Amtricas. 
will .,.... or. "Puttin, Panama Bact Tot<ther:· 1\e was former1y U.S. 
Amituudoc 10 BoIlv~ and Ionian. Eve.,... Is wek:ome. Univenlty 
Lutheron ClIurd1. 1<"'" the ...... t rrom R<v<11e Colle ... 

S:0IIp. ... -CA11l0l.IC MASS. S .......... by tile Calholle _t 
Cofmtunily II llCSO. Univetsily Lutheran C'ht..::h, across street from 
RoYCIIe C_ ... 

"eop.sa.-CAT1iOI.IC MASS. S .......... by tile catholic_, 
Community al UCSD. UniYCtSif)' LUIheran Church, across meec from 
Royclie CoIlo",. 

Tuesday, January 16, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

PILOT: Cunningham Relates Anecdotes Of Aeronautical Daring 
Continued from pale 1 
stories of Navy life interesting. 

One of Cunningham's anec-
dotes revealed the airborne inter-
action between enemy pilots. 
Having intercepted over 200 So-
viet planes. Cunningham fre-
quently ended up in close contact. 

"Most of the time, you go up 
and you wave at [the other pilot] 
through the window. They'll wave 
at you." 

"Usually. they're very congen-
ial." he said. "But every once in a 
while. we run across what we call 
a DRCPB." Laughter resulted after 
Cunningham explained that the 
acronym stands for "a Dirty Rot-
ten Communist Pinko Bastard." 

He emphasized that combat 
situations are far from glamorous. 
"There's no hero in a white scarf 
with a Benson and Hedges and a 
bottle of Jack Daniels in this hand 
saying. 'Show 'em to me. I'll get 
'em; .. he said. 

On the contrary, he noted that 
upon realization that one's own 
plane has been hit, "you're about 
the most scared individual that you 
could ever be." 

Cunningham then related the 

GILES 
Continued from page 1 

Giles supports the AAC, which 
works to recruit more students and 
faculty from underrepresented 
racial groups into the University. 
Giles plans to place heavier em-
phasis on the need for more minor-
ity faculty members. 

Giles advocates the repeal of 
the Gann limit, a spending thresh-

events of one of the 300 combat 
missions he flew. a mission during 
which his plane was shot. His 
account of this exchange demon-
strated the role religion played in 
his military career. 

"When the airplane was hit. the 
controls started going all haywire," 
he said. "The airplane started to 
roll upside down and I looked and 
I saw that if I ejected, I was going 
to be a prisoner. 

"And I remember thinking that 
the only time I had ever asked for 
any divine help in my entire life 
was when I was in trouble. And I 
remember thinking, 'God, get me 
out of this. I don't want to be a 
prisoner. ' 

"I remember taking the stick of 
that burning airplane - pieces 
were coming off it - and I put it 
over to the left-hand side, and the 
airplane kind of righted itself. 

"I lit the afterburner and I could 
see the Gulf of Tonkin about 30 
miles away. The plane started 
flying again. 

"I remember thinking a real 
thought: I said, God didn't have 
anything to do with that; it was just 
my superior flying skills. About 

old that restricts state expenditures, 
because he feels it will place heavy 
restrictions on the University 
budget and the termination of many 
University programs. 

In the future, Giles would also 
like to see the quality of under-
graduate education maintained by 
depending less on teaching assis-
tants and placing more professors 
in the classroom. 

UCSD is a research institution, 
Giles said, but he cautioned the 

that time the airplane went back 
upside down. I remember think-
ing, 'God. I didn't mean it. .. • 

People are more familiar with 
Cunningham's life than they real-
ize. In fact, tens of thousands 
know about CUMingham through 
the movie "Top Gun," which con-
tains 11 scenes based on 
Cunningham's military experi-
ences. 

The liaison between the Navy 
and the studio, CUMingharn served 
as a scriptwriter, a camera opera-
tor, and a pilot for the film. 

In the movie. Tom Cruise played 
a character named Maverick. The 
name is significant to CUMing-
ham, who explained that, "basi-
cally, the movie was taken after 
my life [as] a maverick." 

Cunningham retired from the 
Navy in 1987 and began touring 
the lecture circuit. He spent the 
1987-88 school year as the dean of 
National University 's School of 
Aviation. He currently lives in Del 
Mar with his wife and three chil-
drenand runs TopGun Enterprises, 
an aviation sales corporation. 

Cunningham's lecture was the 
fIrSt on the International Politics 

University against ignoring edu-
cation by asking it not to " forget 
teaching. " 

Giles mentioned that the major 
pitfall of the job is that sometimes 
the Studet Regent gets caught up in 
the imponance of the poSition and 
forgets to maintain contact with 
the students. 

"Keep talking to people." he 
said. "That's the most important 
thing." 

and Economics Forum's (1PEF) 
winter agenda. 

IPEF is a non-partisian campus 
organization that seeks to hold 
"good political debate from all sides 
of the political spectrum." said 
founder and president Rob Picar. 

Picar felt that Cunningham's 
speech went well. "He did what I 
wanted in the sense that he kept to 
the subject maner pretty closely," 
said the Muir senior. "No one could 
doubt that he was a great speaker. 
He had the crowd drawn in." 

Cunningham's final message to 
the students returned to the subject 
of religion. Allhough he now asso-

ciates with prominent religious 
figures such as Billy Graham and 
Hal Lindsay,Cunninghamsaid that 
in the early 1970s, he did not be-
lieve in God. 

"Each and every one of you is 
going to be standing some time 
thinking thatthere's nobody in this 
entire world that you can talk to, 
nobody," he said. "Ladies and 
gentlemen, all you have to do -
and I guarantee that if you want to 
be a member of the million-dollar 
club, - all you have to do is get 
down on your knees, look up, and 
say a little prayer. Somebody ' s 
going to listen to you." 

WANTED 
Muir College 

Freshmen and Transfer 
ORIENTATION 

LEADERS 
Obtain a job referral form at Part-time Employment 
and bring it to the Muir Provost Office 2126 H&SS. 

Deadline for Applications: Friday, February 2 

This is your opportunity to enjoy a fun and rewarding job! 

Third College La Casals 
Gourmet Coffee Bar Invites you 

to Try Us Out on the House. 

FREE! 
A Cup of Freshly Ground 
Gounnet Coffee* 

A Great Way to Start Your Day! 
The La Casa Dining facility is open Monday thru Friday at 7:00 A.M., and is Iocaled next 10 Ihird 
lecture hall. We serve heshly brewed gourmet coffees, leas, and fresh bakery ilems. At 10:30, we 
begin our soup. salad, burger and specia~~ lunch menu. Come visit La Casal Plenty of atmosphere, 
good tables, good music, & good people! 

Free Cup Served 7a.m. to 10a.m. Daily 

'In house only no '10 go orders • Offer Good Througl11119190 



8 FEATURES 

, Our approach is 
reall y to try to 
keep abreast of 
what students 
need, and the ex-
tent to which 
we're capable of 
offering a service 
to meet that need, 
we try to meet it.' 

-Laurel Corona 
O.A.SJ.S. director 

The UCSD Guardian 

Features 

Q.A.S.I.S. Tutor Matti Siltanen works with psychology major Marie Pappakostas 

O.A.S.I.S.- A Student Paradise 
Center Offers Help With Various Subjects 
By GRACELEE 
Contributing Writer 

The Office of Academic Support and Instructional 
Services (O.A.S.LS.) aims to be a true oasis for students, 
through programs for individuals and smalI groups. The 
free tutoring and support service provides help in nu-
merous areas to maximize performance and contribute 
to overall improvement for all students, according to 
Laurel Corona, director of O.A.S.I.S. 

The director said that more than 5,000 students use 
the service yearly, and commented that "students adver-
tise O.A.S.LS. pretty effectively through word of mouth. " 

The O.A.S.I.S. Tutorial Program offers individual 
and group tutoring in lower division areas such as math, 
biology, chemistry, physics, statistics, economics, and 
computer science. Tutoring is available with or without 
an appointment. 

ing) before becoming paid tutors. 
"Our approach is realI y to try to keep abreast of 

what students need, and the extent to which we're 
capable of offering a service to meet that need, we 
try to meet it," Corona said. 

O.A.Sol.S. began in the mid-1970s as a suppon 
system for the Educational Opponunity Program 
(EOP), but gradually extended to assist the entire 
student body because campus-wide student needs 
were similar to those ofEOP students, Corona said. 
O.A.S.I.S. is funded by student fees, and Student 
Affirmative Action (SAA) money is used tofund 
O.A.S.I.S. activities that target SAA students, she 
said. 

Corona said the service has now expanded to 
include programs such as the Before Calculus Pr0-
gram, the Language Program, the Writing Center, 
the Reading and Study Skills Center, and the Aca-
demic Success Program. 

Tuesday, January 16, 1989 

According to Corona, student tutors are usually se-
lected from juniors and seniors who have a 3.0 GPA or 
above. After submitting an application, some students 
are interviewed and then selected as trainees. Prospec-
tive tutors then enroll in TEP 196 (Psychology of Teach-

The Before Calculus Program is designed to 
help pre-calculus students build a foundation for 
calculus, Corona said. Workshops usually meet 

See O.A.S.I.S., Pille 9 
Jemalfer Kolsky IGuardian 

Gary Gillespi runs an O.A.S.I.S. workshop. 

UCSD Crafts Center-'Not a Hobby Shop' 
By JAMES COLLlER 
Features Editor 

Always wanted to learn how to 
play the guilar? Interested in find-
ing out how your 35mm camera 
works? Or just interested in learn-
ing a craft? Then perhaps you 
should check out the Crafts Cen-
ter. 

The center offers cia ses rang-
ing from si lk-screening to making 
neon lights, and according to a 
jesting Ron Carlson, Crafts Center 
director, the classes offer students 

a chance to "cut and bum them-
selves." 

"[The Crafts Center is] not a 
hobby shop. It 's for people who 
are serious about learning a craft," 
Carlson said. " We're givi ng stu-
dents a chance to learn in a non-
academic, non-pressure situation ." 

"The classes are also a time for 
stress relief, to get away from stud-
ies and have some fun," added 
Paul Linsley, the Crafts Center 
studio manager. 

Usually, classes are two-and-
a-half hours long, with one "for-

mal" hour of instruction, and the 
rest of the class time devoted to 
working on student projects and 
receiving assistance from instruc-
tor. 

"We try to keep the student-
teacher ratio low, so there is a lot 
more interaction," Carlson said. 

Carlson said that most of the 
classes are at night, lPld commented 
that evening classes are more con-
venient for students. He also said 
that many of the classes include 
faculty and community members, 
as well as students. 

"You never know who'll be in 
your class. I had the chancellor's 
wife, Rita, in one of my ceramics 
classes," Carlson said. 

The Crafts Center was origi-
nally built in 1972, and was used as 
a commuter's lounge before it was 
convened into its current status. 

"We are probably the biggest 
and best program in the craft cen-
ter system," Carlson said. "[The 
Crafts Center] compares very fa-
vorably to other programs." 

The center has classes all-year 
long. 

"I've had students who are so 
busy that the summer is the only 
time they can take a class here," 
Carlson commented. 

Being able to participate in the 
classes "under your own condi-
tions" is what makes the classes 
popular, Carlson said. 

"Students can make a project 
that costs $100 or make one that 
only costs $40," he said. 

One of the classes the Crafts 
Center is currently offering a be-
gi nning photography course taught 
by professional photog raphe 
Suzanne Boutilier. 

See CENTER, page 13 

Tuesday, January 16, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

O.A.S.I.S.: Student Service Holds 
Workshops, Provides Counseling 
Continued from page 8 
twice a week outside of class to 
work on mastering coursework. 
She said this program is available 
to students in the Math IA-B-C 
calculus sequence. 

The Reading and Study ~kills 
Center provides one-on-one assis 
tance to improve skills in reading, 
learning, and thinking that students 
need to use in university courses, 
Corona said. Workshops and con-
ferences throughout the quaner 
offer strategies in areas such as 
time management, concentration, 
and test preparation. 

According to Corona, profes-
sional and peer counselors help 
EOP and SAA first-year students, 
as well as upper-classrnen,through 
the Academic Success Program. 
This program provides students an 
opponunity to discuss academic 
and social concerns. 

The Language Program helps 
students learn various languages. 
Corona said students can receive 
tutoring in French, Spanish, and 
otherforeign languages. Assistance 
is also available in English for non-
English speaking students. 

Whether a student is writing a 
paper for class, a personal state-

ment for an application, or just 
poetry during free time. the Writ-
ing Center offers one-on-one con-
ferences with a tutor for different 
types of writing, Corona said. 

Some students, however, find 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dennatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation. 

that the various O.A.S.I.S. pro-
grams lacking in some respects. 

"The Writing Center seems too 
general," commented junior Mich-
elle Ching. "Students have to write 

See O.A.S.I.S., page 13 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 

If you eat It, 

drink It, - It, 

buy 1t, .... 1t, 

pro¥lde It, or 

Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
It', In tIte 

If interested, ca1l534~4955 {leave name 
and number} or ca1l534~684 7. 

he Ultimate Cut! 
~(k/ IlflmlU'~ a/ a IUltU! 'I',)U lIUUlkl .VII'I1r1 
(UI ,U',h:'III'j1 /'.IlU cuI. 6:¢U'W'''f'(' 'fUlI~'f 
Imu /INtI,hlc.1 a/ :~m~'1 ,(/UWUh>.I . 

Men's CutS .......... $4 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $21.00 
Women's CutS .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad 
With: Yvonne, Koren, Nicole 

'PRICES INCLUDE: 
graphiC cuI, shampoo, 
condilioning and 
professional slyling 

Reg. $26.00 

Glwrllanl 

FEATURES 9 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279 .. 5955 
D' Agnessa Insurance Agenc)' 

7841 Balboa A tie. See. 215 
San Diego, CA 921 I I 

ALSO: HOME/CONDO OWNER INSU RANCE 

r---------------------, I FREE SCHOLARSHIP INFORMATION FOR I I STUDENTS WHO NEED 
MONEY FOR COLLEGE 

Every Student Is Eligible for Some "TYpe of 
Financial Aid Regardless of Grad .. or Pllrenta"ncome. 

• We heve a date benk of over 200,000 IIslings of scholarship., 
fetlowahips, g""ts, end ioene, repreaenting over 510 billion in priYllte 
eector funding . 

• .. eny acholershlpe ere given to students bued on their academic 
int._ta, _r pt_, f8mlly heritage and piece 01 residence. 

• Th.,.'s money avaIlabie lor studen'. who have been newspaper car· 
ri ..... grocery clerks, cheerleaders, non·smokers ... etc. 

• Results GUARANTEED. 

CALL For A Free Brochu,. • aI 
ANYTIME (800) 346-6401 -==~ L_ ....... ___________________ .J 

UC Systemwide 

Legal Assistant 
Training 
Through University Extension 
The role of the legal assistant has risen to a 
new level of importance in recent years and 
is projected to be the fastest growing profes-
sion of the 1990s. It has emerged as a field 
of unlimited opportunities and is ideal for 
two- to four-ye<\r college graduates. Employ-
ment may be found not only in the traditional 
law firm , but in government, corporations, 
banking , and other organizations-the list 
continues to expand . Many who have worked 
as legal assistants have even gone on to law 
school . 
UC students may not be aware that Univer· 
sity Extension offers both daytime and eve-
ning Legal Assistant Training Programs on 
some of the UC campuses. . 
.UC Davis 

evening program-91&nS7 -8895 
• UC Irvine 

evening program-7141856· 7148 
• UCLA 

day and evening programs-2131825·0741 

• UC Riverside 
evening program-7141787-4112 

• UC San Diego 
day and evening programs-619J534·6353 

• UC Santa Barbara 
evening program-8051961·4143 

• UC Sanla Cruz 
evening program-408/427·6610 

These programs are available to you in your home tow~ 
or at the campus you attend . For more Information. 
phone the campus number most convenient to you 

I 

-



10 The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, January 16, 1989 

-

s. 
AS PROGRAMMING STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 

:fo FiND ·ourMORE iNFo·RMATiot.; ABoUT EVENTS: ~IAOAn~ou~ces ~ts fiTStpot1uckof~edecade!! Wed.,J~. 24th at6:3~m 
: CALL THE A.S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-84331 :In ~e D~vIs-RiversIde Rm: (off the hbrary.lounge). Bnng y~ur f~von~e 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• Itahan dish as well as your Ideas for CIAO In the new year. C, V.eduuno. 

A.S. PROG RAMMING COMMITTEE SOCIETY OF WOMEN ENGINEERS: Join us at the Teradyne 
2ND MEETING OF TIlE DECADE!!! 

TUES., JAN 16111 AT 5:00 PM 
PRICE CENTER CONF. RM. 8 

ATTENTION LOCAL BANDS!!! 
SEND US YOU DEMOS NOW! 

ASUCSD PROGRAMMING AND UE & SA POP EVENTS 
ARE LOOKING FOR A FEW GOOD BANDS! 

PLEASE MAIL (OR DROP OFF) TO MATT/A.S. OFC 0-077 
AS FILM SERIES PRESENTS 

AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON 
THURS. JAN. 18th 

OTHER MOVIES FOR THE QTR. INCLUDE: 
FEB. 1* HEATHERS 

FEB. 8* LETHAL WEAPON II 
FEB. 22* COMING TO AMERICA 

MAR.1 * WHEN HARRY MET SALLY 
ALL 35 MM FILMS!! 

6:30 & 9:30 SHOWTIMES 
TIX ARE $1.00 & AVAILABLE AT THE BOX 

OFFICE 
TIX MAY BE PURCHASED IN ADVANCE 

OR AT THE DOOR 

TGIF 
SYD STRAW 

JAN. 26th 
GYM STEPS 

4:30 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

Public Lecture 
Professor Sterling Stuckey 

History Dept UC Riverside 

"The African Origins of Slave Culture" 
January 16, 1990 4:00 PM MAAC l11A 

Presented by the Ethnic Studies Program 

Open House, Mon., Jan. 29th from 5:00 - 7:00 pm in the Price Center Cove 
Room (next to Chung-King Loh). Meet company reps & enjoy free food. 
Everyone welcome! 
LAGO will be having a social on Tues., Jan. 16th from 4:00 pm - 5:30 pm 
in the Revelle Formal Lounge. Also, we'll be holding a Non-Sexist Dance on 
Sat., Jan. 20th from 9:00pm -1:00am in theCheCafe. For more info, call 534-
4297. 
INTERNATIONAL CLUB has a busy January planned! On Mon., Jan. 
22nd at 6:30 pm @ the Int'l Ctr. Lounge, Bert Kobayashi will speak about the 
California Gray Whales. Then on Sun., Jan. 28th, from 9-11 am, the Int'I Club 
will be going on a Whale Watching Trip. Sign up @ the Int'l Ctr. in advance. 
On Mon., Jan 29th 6:30pm - 11, there will be an International Club Study Break 
in the Int'l Ctr. Lounge. Food, Music, etc! Everyone's welcome!!! 
INTERNATIONAL AFFAfflS GROUP will be working this 
quarter very closely with Eye on the Third World, a program designed to give 
a comprehensive account of the causes & consequences of poverty & examine 
possibilities for change & development. Come to the 1 st of7 engagements this 
Wed., Jan. 17th at 7:00 pm in the Lodge at Pepper Canyon. 
LIFE SCIENCES STUDENT ORGANIZATION Attn: Life 
Science Students!!! LSSO is having their 1st meeting of the qtr. on Wed., Jan. 
17th at 4:00 pm in the Price Ctr. - Santa Cruz Room. GUEST SPEAKER will 
be Nancy Levy from the Tay-Sachs Prevention Association. 
STUDENT UNITY NETWORK presents: THE LIFE OF DR. 
MARTIN LUTHER KING JR.; Lessons for Today. The program will 
include a talk by Daryl Grigsby, author of More Than a Dream, the 
Revolutionary Life of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., founder & past president of 
African American Writers & Artists of San Diego. Live Music & free 
refreshments will follow. PH 103 at7pm on ThuTS., Jan. 18th. Call Jim at 457-
1783 for more info. 

A.S. IS LOOKING FOR ... 
ELECTIONS MANAGER· PAID posmON The Election Manager shall appoint and chair 
no less than two election committees. Shall supervise, organize and publicize all aspects of 
the Election. Shall wor!( in conjunction with Election Codes and A.S. Constitution. 
ASSISTANT STUDENT APYOCATES Asst. Advocates aid the A.S. Student Advocate by 
helping individual students solve administrative problems & researching & reviewing cases 
& Univers~y policies. Experience is not reqUired, nor is a huge time committment - only will-
ingness to work for student rlghts.Contact Joe Floren in the A.S. Ofe. 
FOR MORE INFO, CONTACT THE AS. OFFICE - S34-44SO I PC 3RD FLOOR 

REVELLE STUDENTS!!! 
ORIENTATION PROGRAMS AT REVELLE COll.EGB IS NOW 

ACCEYl1NO APPUCATIONS FOR 1990 ORIENTATION LEADERS 
APPUCATIONPACXETSAREAVAILABLENOWATTHEREVELLEDEAN'SOFC. 

PICK UP YOU PACKETS NOW THROUGH JANUARY 31. 1990 
lOIN OUR Sf AFF IN COORDINATING cllMPLEMENTlNO A SOUND 

PROGRAM AND HA VIN'O A LOT OF FUN TOOl 

Tuesday, January 16,1989 The UCSD Guardian 11 

1------------------------, 

DON'T roRGET TO REOIS1u. FORmE lstANNUAL UCSD LEADERSHIP CONF. 
BY JAN. 11TH (SS FEE) AT THE UNIV. EVENTS.t srtJDENT ACTIVmBS OFFICE. 

THIS EVENT IS OPEN TO ALL STUDENTS.1.JMlTED SCHOLARSHIPS ARE 
AVAILABLE AT YOUR COUEOe DEAN'S OmCE. 

ornER SESSION TOPICES INCLUDE: 
+CONFUCTRESOLUllON +MOTIVATION +LEADERSHIPSTYLES 
+CREATIVITY +ALCOHOL.STRESS,ANDSEX +TEAMBUll.DINO 

+DIVERSITY &LEADERSIDP +STEREOTYPING 
+~RVJEWINGTECHNIQUES +FUNDRAISING +DELEGATION 

+CROSS CULTURAL COMMUNlCA nON 
+RUNNING AN EFFECTIVE MEE1)NG +CAREERSIN STUDENT PERSONNEL L _________ ·mmCSAND~DERS~ ______ ~ 

::::iANti:t:)NTHEEAST coAST.:APPtY·TODAYAtASlo, 380 FLOO~IN:nm ·· 
·:::::PiIq::~~!HB.q~Ornq?S.q~·~:~~~ ll.E.UUNK: 

"1'0 APPLY 'FOR'SPlUNG INTERNSHIPS IS FlUDA YOF.4TH·WEEK " 
<·::;·,>·i}·:.:::.:, ~:~iuP$:.isl1U. OF" "'::. \(.;, 

:. .: ..... :. 5TH ·WEEK. . . 
.•.. .•.. • -.:.,.! 

ASUCSD INCONJUNCTION wmI STIJDENT SAFE1Y AWARENESS 
SEEKS STIJDENTS TO SERVE ON THE 

A.S. TASK FORCE ON SEXUAL HARASSMENT 
1liE TASK FORCE SEEKS TO HEIGHIEN AWARENESS OF TIiE 

PREVALENCE OF SEXUAL HARRASSMENT IN niE UCSD COMMUMlY. 

+TO DISCOURAGE PERPETRATORS 
+TO ENCOURAGE & INFORM HARASSMENT VICTIMS TO TAKE 

ACTION 
+TO RESOLVE COMPLAINTS UTILIZING CAMPUS RESOURCES. 

nilS INCWDES ASSIS1lNG STUDENT SAFE1Y AWARENESS IN 
CREATING A NEW SEXUAL IiARASSMENf IJII"FO BROCHURE, AND-

TRAINING AS AN INFORMATION ornCER 

FOR MORE INFO, CONTACT AUGGIE OROZCO OR RUBEN DURAN 
IN niE A.S. OFFICE - 534-4450 

o 

THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA STUDENT ASSOCIAnON & THE 
ASUCSD EXTERNAL AFFAIRS OFFICE IS PROUD TO ANNOUNCE 

'YflHE 1 st ANNUAL STUDENTS OF COLOR CONFERENCE~'Y 
·UC'S MOVEMENT INTO THE 90'S: IT'S OUR TIME· 
January 27th & 28th· $15.00 registration fee 

Events will be held in various conf. rooms @ the PC 

There will be ... 
~students. community leaders. educators & 
legislatures discussing issues & concerns that 
affect student preparation in becoming leaders 
of the future 

~conference panels that will include affirmative 
action. retention. ethnic studies. graduate 
students & students of color in leadership 
positions 

~ opportunities for students to strategize with 
their own communities in ways to ensure their 
successes 

~a cultural program and dance will end the 
day on Sot .. the 27th 

for more info. contact DeniSe or Stephanie in the AS. ofc. 534-4450 

CHECK OUT 
THE VINYL 
BLOWOUT 

50 % OFF ALL IMPORT LP' S 
50 % OFF 100's of 

D~STIC LP'S 
20 % OFF USED LP'S 

Assorted Vinyl 
TOP TEN !!! 

1. MJRRISSEY "OUIJA BOARD ••• " 
2. RUSH "PRESTO" 
3. MARY'S DANISH "THERE GOES THE_ .. " 
4. 8-52' S "cxmr:c THIN3" 
5. THE JESUS AND MARY CHAIN "AUTOMATIC" 
6. INDIGO GIRLS "STRANGE FIRE" 
7 . 0840 " LABOUR OF LOVE I I" 
8. KATE BUSH "SENSUAL WORLD" 
9. TRACY CHAPMAN "CROSSROADS " 

1 O. RED' HOT CHILI PEPPERS "MYrHER' S MILK' 
LocatED in Price Center 

Hours: 
~nday - Friday 11-6 

Saturday 11-4 
(000) 

-

.. 



12 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, January 16,1990 

Classifieds 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-
word increments. The rate per 15 
words is $1 for students, $3 for 
raculty and starr and $4 for others. 
Payment in advance is required; 
therefore, ads must be mailed with a 
check (made payable to The UCSD 
Guardian) or presented in person. 
Please have exact change. Deadlines 
are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
paper and 3 p.m. Monday for 
Thursday's paper. The Guardian 
reserves the right to refuse any 
advertising including but not limited 
to companionship ads. For more 
information call 534-5416. The 
Guardian, UCSD, B-016, La Jolla, 
CA 92093. 

\ '\ '\O( ,\('1-:\ IF,\TS 
GET IN SHAPE! UCSD's "backyard" 
fitness center Grand Opening now! 
1..,Qts 0 ' parking in Clairemont Square 
(behind Lee Wards). Call now! BEING 
FIT; 483-9294. (1/4-16) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT 
UCSD! Jewish Campus Centers 
provides warmth, education, prayer, 
socializing. Connect with Union of 
Jewish Students! 502 Matthews; east 
of the Price Center. Call Rabbi 
Siomicic, 534-2521. (1/4-3/12) 

Start and operate your own profitable 
business at home! No experience,Hnle 
capital required. For free details write 
to: Key Publishing, 2831 Cazadero 
Drive Suite B, Carlsbad, CA 92009. 
(1/8- 1/29) 

Meals are on me! All you do is evaluate 
your meal and the facility and I'll pay. 
Must be student, staff or faculty . Call 
SCOll@ 534-6203. (I/11 -1/l8) 

Applications are now available for 
Revelle College 's 1990 Orientation 
Leaders at the Revelle Dean's office. 
( 1/11-1 /25 ) 
Surf Club meeting - MANDATORY!! 
T-shirts & quarter agenda; 1/18 
(Thursday) GH Auditorium 8 pm. (1 / 
16) 

Health Issues Luncheon Series. Join 
us for lunchtime discussions. Guest 
speaker: Z. Kripke M.D. M.P.H. First 
meeting Tuesday January 16,1990, 
1:00 pm at Third La Casa. Light 
refreshments provided.(l/16) 
Students interested in motivating 
under-represented students into higher 
education, call CB Express 534-4450. 
(1/16) 
Attention UCSD Bands! Revelle's 
Annual BA TILE OFTHE BANDS is 
coming soon. Pick up application now 
at Revelle Provosls office !! 
Applications must be received by 
Friday Feb. 2, 1990. (1/16-1{25) 

UCSD Sailing team meeting Wed. Jan 
17, 6 pm. Rec. Conf. Room. Bring 
dues. (1/16) 

Be prepared after you graduate! Do an 
internship in San Diego next quarter or 
a summer internship in L.A., New 
York, Washinglon D.C., ol'oIhercities. 
Come to ASIO INFORMATION 
NIGHT, Tues., Jan 23, at 6 pm in room 
6ab, 2nd floor Price Center. Call ASIO 
(534-4689) for more details. (1/16-1/ 
22) 

UCSD'senuyinlast Saturday's Manin 
Luther King Parade was sponsored by 
aJ I the colleges on the UCSD campus. 
The Guardian regrets omitting Revelle 
and Third colleges from the ad that ran 
in last Thursday's issue.(I/16) 

SL/n I< I.~ 

RESUMES , TERM PAPERS. 
REPORTS You ARE a professional. 
Let us present yow work to reflect 
your professional image. Any report 
can be produced. Reasonable rates. 
Call Komputer Art Technology. 695-
8597. (I I {3().2/I} 

Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-1 SOO 
hairs per hour. 3251 Holiday Court 
Student discounts. (619) 558-4644. 
(619) 226-1962. (1/4-3/12) 

PASSPORTPICTURES! New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95 . While you wail 
Xeroxes and more. Ncar Sl Germains. 
452-9949. (1019-3/12) 

TYPING!! I'll type your tenn papers 
etc. quiclcJy and inexpensively. Laser 
printer. Call Jennifer: 558-6090. (1/8-
2{8) 

Macintosh Repair/Upgrades: 128/512 
to Plus with 800K drive SCSI. Start@ 
$175. We repair power supplies,logic 
boards, floppy drives, printers. UCSD 
PO ' s ok. 7 days, free estimates. 
COMPUFIX: 456-5916. (1/8-1/16) 

DON'T WALK ALONE! The UCSD 
Police Departmentoffers aCommunity 
Service Officer(CSO) EsconProgram. 
CSOs are available to escort indivIduals 
on campus from 5:30pm to 1:00am 
seven days a week including vacations 
and holidays. Just call 534-WALK on 
any pay phone or 4-WALK from on 
campus phones. YOUR SAfETY IS 
OUR FIRST CONCERN. (1/11-1/16) 

TUTORING . Math, physics , 
engineering. programming. I definitely 
can help you. Mark 221-7176. (1/11-
1/22) 

Typing/Word Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, theses, books, letters, 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (1/16-2/15) 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFfERING 
FROM A DEliVERY CRISISI 

!L. ......... ~ 
gu\.w 
wei'" 

WE'VE &Of 
111 CUREt 

4305 La Jolla Village Drive 
(next to carlos Murphy's) 

453-999:5 
OPEN DAILY 

Vicki's Word Processing Service. 
Resumes, theses, manuscripts. mailing. 
Accuracy and Professionalism 
guaranteed. Vicki Rushing 575-1022. 
(1/16-2/15) 
Tutoring: writing skills, research 
methods; also. word processing. Call 
Judith: 551-2632. (1/16-2/1) 
Swedish Massage. Free. Willingly 
sharing healing energy, time allowing: 
for purpose of weUness. Robert. 295-
0960. (I/16-1/18) 

" \ '\ 1 I· J) 
Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the effects of alcohol. If you 
are a UCSD student or non-academic 
staff, American born male of entirely 
Japanese. Chinese, or Korean descent, 
call Scripps Clinic and Research 
Foundation for more information, 554-
2192. (1/4-3/12) 
NEW YEAR'S RESOLunON -Gee 
a great part-time job! On campus. 
flexible hours, $7/hr. 587-1585. (1/4-
1/16) 
Restaurant in La Jolla Shores near 
UCSD now hiring. $5 &: up; Full or 
pan-time; flexible hrs; friendly piKe 
to work, no experience required. We 
will train you. Call Kevin or Elaine. 
454-8038. (1/8-1/16) 
Housecleaners: $8 per hr. pan-time, 
very flexible hours, pleasant working 
environment. Must be reliable. 
professional, have reliable car. Call 
between 8-5pm M-F. 259-8731. (1/8-
2/1) 
Window washers: $10 per hr., pan-
time flex hours, must have previous 
experience, equip, car. Call 259-8731 
8am-Spm M-F. (1/8-1/18) 
Reliable, honest , enthusiastic 
individuals with a desire to serve the 
UCSD Community in a Crime 
Prevention capacity. UCSD Police 
Department Community Service 
Officer (CSO) Program now accepting 
applications for remainder of academic 
year with potential for continuing 
employment. Prefer individuals 
familiar with campus buildings, 
especially dorm areas. Pick up an 
application at the Student Pan-Time 
Employment Office. Applications due 
Friday Jan. 19, 4:30pm at the UCSD 
Police Department, 500 MAAC, across 
from the loading dock of the Price 
Center. Anyquestions, please caJ I 534-
9255 between 8:30am and 3:00pm. 
Ask for Beth. (1/11 -1/16) 
SAT INSTRUCTOR - The Princeton 
Review nalion's *1 test prep service 
seeks SAT Instructors. Bright, 
enthusiastic college students or recent 
grads with high standardized test 
scores. S 12/hr starting 10 hrs/week. 
Call 4pm-6pm before 1/18190. 454-
2255. (I/11 -1/16) 

ROOM FOR RENT: Walking distance 
to UCSD and Blacks Beach. Maid 
service IW ice per month • gardener, own 
bathroom. $394.00 per month + 
utilities. 558-0152. (1/11-1{25) 
TlCoTime is seeking part-time help 
for day and evening shifts. Starting 
pay $5.00. Apply at 8867 Villa La 
Jolla Drive. (1/11-1/16) 

Sales Help wanted. Apply in person: 
Gingiss Formal wear World's Largest 
Forrnalwear Renter. 8750 Genesee 
Ave. (Costa Verde Shopping Center) 
San Diego, CA 92122. (1/16) 

Research: Healthy women 18-30. with 
Long, Irregular menstrual cycles. No 
medical illness, anemia. Daily blood 
drawing x I cycle, sleeping with nighl 
light 5x. Payment $.5 .00/blood. 
Message 552-8585 ext. 3219. (1/16-2/ 
8) 

Being Fit is hiring aerobic instructors, 
weight trainers, sales and childcare. 
for new fitness center in Clairemont. 
Call for inlerview 483-9294. (1/11-1/ 
16) Chemistry tutor for 6C. $8 per hour or 

best offer. Call Jennifer 561 -2389. (1/ 
WANTED: 80 people to LOSE up to 16-1/18) 
25 Ibs. in 30 days while earning! Anne 
279-4265. (1/11-1/28) 
Immediate part time openings for 
Housekeeping and Domestic Service 
people. Stan $5.50 per hour + milcage. 
Send qualiflCltions or call: At Your 
Service Ltd. 16n6 BemMdo Center 
Drive Suite IIOB-131. SanDiego,CA 
92128, (619)451-2200. (1/11-1/16) 

, 

I () 1< " \I I· 
Macintosh 512 upgraded to Plus. 
$890.00 in excellent condition with 
IOIDC software. Call 535-0930. (1/8-11 
25) 

GoI:S skateboard with accessories. 
$60.00. Bundy Trumpet. Only $95.00. 
Call Michael anytime at 455-7063. (1/ 
11-1/16) S200 week poaible! No experieoce 

DeCaIII)', Flexible houn! BecIcy 695-
9676. (1/11-1/25) 1988 Red Toyota Tercel with AMJFM 

cauette. Only 14,000 miles. $4995.00 
Need a babysitter only 01\ SaturdaY· Call Michael 1145.5-7063.(1/1 1-1/16) 
for two kids. Call 481-2475. (1/16) 
Acton aad' ICtIeIIea for IItIIdent film 
eotitIed W A Horror Movie". Auditionl 
next week. PIeae call Maureen m-
6383. Need I male and 6 females. (II 
16-1/18) 

Good skis for sale! PRE 1200's, 195cm. 
Tyrolia bindings. MUlt sell 
immediately! $125 Call Mike 224-
5011. (f/16) 
82 Chrysler Le Baron convertible. 
Marie Cross/ Auto/cassette/alarm! 
immaculate/great condition. $3SOO. 
(619) 435-8854. (1/16) 

PHOTOGRAPHER: Tour Boat 
photographers needed! MUit have 
35mm experience. PI' & FT, able to 
wort eves and weekends. Must be Calculator Hewlett Packard HP28S. 
athletic, energetic, and friendly! Call Brand new $160.00 obo Mike 543-
696-8883 Monday thru Thursday 0797. (1/16) 
ONLY, lO:OOamto 1:00pm. (1/16) __________ _ 

Artist's model, female bodybuilder, 
$30 per hour, Bob 527-4373. (1/16-1/ 
25) 
RcIponsibiepenon travelling from Del 
Mar to La Jolla who will like my son 
from Del Mar Hills School to the La 
Jolla YMCA-12I1OOn. Or like him to 
school in morning and then to YMCA 
in afternoon. If anyone can do all or 
pan, then call 453-5531 evenings. (II 
16-1/18) 
Part time general office position 
available for person with strong 
organizational skills. Must be available 
12-5 Tuesdays and Thursdays. 
Receptionist experience helpful. To 
apply for immediate openings in the 
C1airemont area call Gretchen at 581-
6700 from 9-4:30, Mon-Fri. (1/16-1/ 
18) 
Counter help for Italian Fast Food 
Restaurant; Part time days 11:30 - 2:30. 
Apply in person after 2:00 pm. 
DiMatt ia' s 8650 Genesee 11312. ( 1/16-
1/18) 

Apple lie dUll disk drive, color 
monitor, WordPerfect and other 
software. $500. Call 558-1498. (1/16-
1/18) 
New HP II-C Calculator $45. 
Molecular models for OrganiC 
Chemistry (210parts including orbital 
plaJeS) $ 14. Or best offers. Call 558-
1905. (1/16-1/22) 
25" Racing Bike_ In great condition. 
biking computer included. For more 
details, call 4.55-8236 Jerry. (1/16-1/ 
25) 

6 Minute Prints! 
See FUJI's new AP5000 C%r Copter 

(The only macblne in Son DIego County) 
• Prints from color prints 
• Prints from B& W prints 
• Enlargements from slides 

7523 Fay Ave. 
Vons Shopping Center 
459-0696 
Open 6 days a week - gone fishing on 
Sundaysl 
We accepl UCSD ptXchase orders 

Tuesday, January 16,1989 

Calculator- HP4ICX.Hardlyused. With 
manuals and case. $150.00. 221 -0178 or 
594-2982. (1/16) 

If(H ~I,\(; 
Room for rent in East Bluff 
Condominiums. Own room. pool, 
fireplace. furnished, 5 min. from campus, 
washer/drycr. close to Trader Joc's and 
Ralphs,close to busline, rent S3501month 
(neg), 1/3 util .• available immediately, 
558-8102. Ask for Eugene. (1/8-1/25) 

Room in Del Mar for rent. Coast and 
19th. One block from beach. Washerl 
dryer, dishwasher_ garage, fireplace, 
decks, very spacious. Available 
immediately_ $3401mo + 1/4 utili lies. 
792- 1634. (1/11 -1/18) 

$250/month share master bedroom in 
Condo, ncar UCSD, parking, pool. 
jacuzzi. Call 272-2079. Carlos. (1/11 -1/ 
16) 

Room for rent Claimnont. male/female 
washer/dryer, nonsmoking. S310 +1/3 
utilities. 270-9515. (1/1 1-1/16) 

Studio. new home, Bay Park. Fridge, no 
kitchen. security, laundry . Available 
immedialely. S395 + util. 483-5422. (II 
16-1/29) 

Own bedrooom and bath in beautiful 
Ocean Beach apartment. Two blocks 
from ocean, sunny, large deck, laundry 
and parking, furnished. Must be non-
smoker and like cats. $335 per month 
221 -0178 or 594-2982. (1/16) 

Room $320/rno. + Deposit/2320 Coast 
Blvd. House furnished wI washerldryer 
+ on beach. 259-0090. (1/16-1/22) 
Roommate wanted. Own room and bath 
in a fully furnished town house walking 
distance to UCSD. Washer. dryer, DW, 
Micro, garage, pool, sauna,jaeuzzi. $3.50 
+ 1/2 utilities. 452-0753 or 534-5669. 
P.S. if you speak Japanese & willing 10 
tcach, you don't pay for utilities. (1/16-
18) 

PLRS()\ \I.S 
GETINSHAPE!UCSD's"backyard" 
fitness cenler Grand Opening now! 
Lots o' p8lting in Clairemont Square 
(behind Lee Wards). Call now! BEING 
FIT; 483-9294. (1/4-16) 
Start your day with Warren's 
Commuter Breakfasts! Every 
Tuesdays. 7:30am-lOam, Provost', 
Conf. Rm. only 50 cents.! (1/11-1/25) 
JUNIORS and SENIORS with GPAI 
over 3.4: The Golden Key National 
Honor Society wants you! For more 
infonnation, stop by Revelle PIau Jan 
16-18 (l0am-2pm), or call 534-3172 
Wednesday (lOam-I pm). Applieations 
available outside USB 1240 and GH 
1540. (1/11-1/16) 
DON'T WALK ALONE!! The UCSD 
Police DcpIrtment orren aCommunity 
Service OtfICCl'(CSO) Escort Program. 
CSOs are available toescon individuals 
on campus from 5:30pm to 1:00am 
seven days. week including vacations 
and holidays. Just call 534-WALK on 
any pay phone or 4-WALK from on 
campus phones. YOUR SAFETY IS 
OURFiRSTCONCERN.(I/II-1/16} 
IT'S ALREADY TIME to apply for 
Warren Resident Adv isorpDllitiOlls for 
the 1990-91 year. Build upon your 
leadership sk ills and make a 
comributiOllIO Wanen College. Pick 
up a refemJ II Career Services. (1/16) 
"COLLEGE TOURS" the nation's 
largest and moat aucx:essful Sprina 
Break tour operator necda friendly and 
endtUliuticcampua representatives for 
Sprina Break in Mazadan. Earn JOOd 
commi .. ions, valuable experience, and 
FREE TRIPS! Nothing to buy, we 
provide every thin, you need. Call 
TODD or PAUL (7I4) 9S1-66.52. (1/ 
16-1/18) 
Interested in Broadcast Journalism? 
Do you need broadcast experience and 
something valuable on your resume? 
Join the KSDT news department! We 
cover campus and local San Diego 
events. do live and phone interviews 
and much more! Come by the Student 
Center (located by the General Store) 
and talk to Rebekah, Trudesor Leonora. 
Meetings are Monday al 6 pm. (1/16-
1/22) 

O.A.S.I.S. 
Continued from page 9 
differently for their own individ-
ual majors, and maybe O.A.S.I.S. 
should have more specific tutors 
for different social science COUI'5eS, 
like they do for math and science." 

Currently, Corona sees 
O.A.S.I.S. expanding its science 
program. In addition, one of her 
goals is to have theentireO.A.S.I.S. 
staff in one place. 

"We need 10 enlarge ... but we 
really won't be able to do that until 
the space problem is solved .. .. I 
would like to see [the problem] 
solved by centralizing us rather 
than by expanding onto some other 
site," she said. 

ERRATUM 
In the Ian. II issue of The 

Guardian, Michael Alberts was 
incorrectly identified as Mi-
chael Adams in the story, "Reel 
Experience." The Guardian 
regrets the error. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Center 
Contmued from page 8 

Boutilier is a communications 
graduate from Ilhaca College and 
is a studio manager and darkroom 
technician for a studio. Topics to 
be covered in this nine-weekcourse 
include film processing, enlarg-
ing, exposure and light meters, and 
lighl and lenses. 

Another photography opponu-
nity at the Crafts Center is dark-
room membership. This allows 
nort-instructional, unlimited use of 
the Crafts Center darkroom for 
black-and-white printing. Carlson 
said that students can also rent 
darkroom time by the hour. 

"[They] can work whenever 
they want, though they still have to 
buy materials," he said. 

"We' re also going to make a 
color darkroom. All the students 
have to buy is their own chemi-
cals," Carlson said. "We hope to 
supplement this with a color class. 

Amber Vierling cOnlribUled to 
this story. 

Freedom from 
Drugs Alconol 

Depression 
YOU ~ BE SET FREE PROII THE POWER OP 

DRVas. ALCOHOL. AND DEPRESSION 
Come to ICuttat. Commpalty Church JanUU)' 20-:11 

for a11fe c:Ia8qIaf apedenee. 

Sunday. JIUl1lal7 21. 1990. 6 P.M. 
Tee. a ...... ...-ca"t 

The !Yew Creation Choir c_. and h .. Itt. 70 voIoe _Ie choir 0' TMII Challenge 
ooneIeUng 0' _n who .... _ drug and alcohol abu .. ,. 
chengN by 1M ~ 0' God.. 
TEEN CHALLENGE .. a God oen .... tmIa 8nd aloohol "'lIMnt 
proplM which prov'_ a TOTAL CURE 'or .... whol. men. 
..... on an W.,enclent ~ funded by .he Deoartment of 
....... EdUC8110n and W ....... TMII Ch ........ baa a documWlted 
.. ...-, cure rale 'or drug acWIctIon. 

Saturday. January 20. 1990. 7 P.M. 
The Cross and the Switchblade 
A full .... gth motion r,lcture portraying the compelling .tory of New 
YorkII8ng le..,. m rec:uIoualy .. t tr .. from the bondage 01 drug .. 

Eas~te Community Church 
4377 tgate MaU (Jeut North qf UTe] 

Phone: 453-3944 

FEATURES 13 

FOR ONLY '20 PI. MONTH 
on a monthly basis 

AEROBICS STAlRMASTER 
NAUlllUS-HOlST UFE CYCLES 

FREE WEIGHTS CHIlD CARE 
IIING·nr® 
3968 C1airwnonl Mesa Blvd. 
C1airemont Square Shopping Center 
near L. Words-Behind Famous FooIweor 
483·9294 

Also in SDSU area 691-1702. low one-time $25 initiation I.e. Oller ....pr. Jan. 31 . 

Computers 
LA JOLLA 

UCSD SPECIAL DISCOUNT 
.leLUDEI: 
.2 DRIVES 
.640 MEMORY 

PRINTER 
• 1-YR. WARRTY 
• SOFTWARE 

~~-~= 
= :=:.::: 
--------.-

COMPATIBLE 
ConfJIete system 

Anything 
you need CALL 454-5544 

1110 Torrey Pines Road. Suite A 
La Jolla. CA 92037 

Quantities Limited 

Your Decision. Your Choice. 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immediate 

Test Results 
• Pregnancy 

Termination 
• General or Local 

Anesthesia 
• Affordable 

Birth Control 
• Student Discount 

11te College line 
535-1379 

r;r.r.t .L ' f.iI.i6.jJ II CnOICt 
IiImtly PllllllllfIK 

Assoctilhs 
MttliCIII Grollp 



14 SPORTS 

CAaRlUO COCONUT GIRLS -W_'. Floor Hockey 
up until a few years ago, Women's Floor Hockey at UCSD was a 

fledgling sport made up of the same six groups of girls every year. 
These girls were usually either die-hard sports fanatics, daug~ters of 
Islander season ticket holders, or just lived in Canada at one hme or 
another. Often, they had a few teeth missing. Of course, this was all 
way back when they were still using wooden sticks. 

The. y're still using the wood, but the face of women's floor hockey 
has changed entirefy. The Cabrillo Coconut Girls- one of18 women's 
floor hockey teams this year - marched out last Tuesday rught, 
overcame tremendous obstacles (such as learning the rules), and 
turned in an inspiring performance at the Rec Gym. 

Although the girls came up on the short side of a 10-1 score, they 
held their own. Having never picked up ~ hockey stick bef~re, they 
didn 't allow a goal until, well, the first mmute. After allowmg three 
more scores, however, the Coconut Girls' Liz Woolsey chipped one in 
from between the circles. The team was ecstatic; most didn't know 
what to do with themselves. Some thought they could go homt; . 

The girls' sticks were silent the rest of the game, but not the gtr.1s 
themselves. Team captain Amy Burton and company were cheenng 
and giving it their aU from the opening fa~e-<lff to the final buzzer .. . 
They truly enjoyed themselves tuesday rught and captured the spmt 
of UCSD Intramurals. 

Cabrillo Coconut Girls - this pastrami on rye's for you. 

CORRECTION 
The UCSD- sponsored entry in last Saturday's Martin 
Luther King Day parade was sponsored by all the cam-
puses on the UCSD campus .. Our ad which ran last 
Thursday inadvertently failed to list Third and Revelle 
colleges. The Guardian regrets this omission. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Rules and Regulations: 
• Send the entry on an 8 112" by 

II" sheet of paper along with your 
name, year in school, hometown, 
college you attend at UCSD, ma-
jor, address, and phone number 
to Sports Editor, UCSD Guard-
ian, 8-016, lA Jol/a, CA 92093. 
You can also drop it off in the 
sports editor's box at the Guard-
ian office, located on the second 
floor of the Old Student Center, 
acrossfrom the gym. 

• All UCSD students, staff, and 
faculty are eligible to enter, ex-
cept for Guardian staff members 
and employees of Bj's Chicago 
Pizzeri4, 

• The person who comes up with 
the most correct entries, as deter-
mined by the judges, will be de-
clared the grand prize winner and 
will be recognized when the quiz 
is printed the following week. /n 
the event of a tie , a drawing will 

be held to determine the grand 
prize winner. Those correct en-
tries not selected as the grand 
prize winner will be considered 
runners-up. 

• Only one entry per person, 
per week. Entries must be at the 
Guardian by 5 p.m. on Saturday. 

• The grand prize winner will 
receive two $5 gift ctrtificares 
from BJ' •. Runners-up can ob-
tain afrtt pitcher of either Miche-
lob Draft or soOO when dining at 
BJ', ClUt:ago Pizuria, located 
in LA Jol/a Village Square. 

This week's questions: 
1. What is the name of the sta-

dium in which the Los Angeles Rams 
play? 

2. Jerry Bums is the head coach 
for A) Cleveland B) Minnesota C) 
Philadelphia 0) Buffalo 

3. What was Oakland's fonner 
USFL team called? 

4. What city did Bengals' coach 
Sam Wyche make fun of when he 
made a speech 10 liner-throwing fans 
during a game in week 14 this sea-
son? 

S. Harold Cannichael is a for-
mer wide receiver for A) Houston B) 
San Francisco C) Philadelphia 0) 
Buffalo 

6. What is BoIackson's real first 
name? 

Sports:writers! 

Tuesday, January 16, 1990 

7, Who was the NFL's first black 
head coach? 

8. The Los Angeles Raiders are 
considering a move to A) Inglewood 
B) Inglenook C) Tillamook 0) Sac-
ramento 

9. What was the nickname for the 
great defense of the 70's which in-
cluded Ernie Holmes, L.C. Green-
wood, Mean Joe Greene, and Jack 
Ham? 

10. Who scored UCSO's three-
poinlers lasl weekend (w. hoop)? 

Last week's llDSWers: 
1. Colorado 
2. Miami 
3. Michigan: 101,000 
4. Boulder, CO 
S. Michigan 
6. Pasadena City Cdllege (Expla-

nalion: nol the Rose Bowl 
game, bUlthe Rose Bowl il-
self.) 

7. 0) Virginia 
8. Rocket 
9. True 
10. Gordon McNeill 

Last week's winner: 
JimGekas 
Sophomore, Warren 
Economics 
Los Angeles, CA 
Number Correct: 9 
Runner-up: Jason Hilt 

'I'beR is a meeting for all current GuarditM spoda writers, as weD.1hoae incerested injoinina this elite 
group. on 'Ibursday night.. Jan 18 at6p.m. intbeGlUJ1diaItoffica.CalI S34-6582formoreinfonnation (ask 
for Dana or Phil). 

For all those who want to get paid: you have to sign your timcsheets. Thursday might be a good time to 
do it. See you there ... 

Check out the selection of PC 
workstations--designed for any personal 
computer. 

extenslvn 
tray 

S39.00 " 

While supplies last. 

U~I\IRSITY 
Computer Department 534-4320 

Tuesday, January 16, 1990 

M.HOOP 
Continued from page 23 
bolh UC Santa Cruz and Menlo 
College at the Triton Gym on Fri-
day and Salurday night. Marshall 
intends 10 prepare his team for the 
UCSC game for the first part of the 
week, and then step up practices a 
notch towards the end. 

Menlo College is one of only 
IWO Division In teams which has 
defeated the Tritons this year, as it 
clipped UCSD in double overtime 
in the Redlands toumament in early 

Women's Hoop Saturday 
ueSD 77, PomORl-Pitzer 52 
_PII_ 
Tunmln. 
Allen 
T_I 
Andenon 
John .... 
P\!denen 
a.ctus 
cnn ..... 
TOTALS 

UCSD 

AlvllU. 
~ 
Ely 
Booth 
Dicpenbrock 
Murillo 
Soou 
Canwrip' 
Voon, 
Scholl 
McNeill 
&co .... 
DiGuiJio 
TOTALS 

MIa fG.A fT·A R A PF T 
12 0-1 0.0 I 0 0 0 
20.0~OOOO 
16 1·2 ~ I 0 I 2 
36 3· 3 ~ 2 2 I 6 
22 6-11 ~ 7 I 4 12 

)83-4~5216 
35 .. 12 ~ 7 6 I 8 
)8 7-14 ],5 9 4 0 18 
200 2~·57]'5 37' U I 52 

MIlo re.A FT·A. A 
23 "II ~ ~ 3 
2j .. 7 1· 2 3 5 
:w ),13 ~ 2 0 
3 2·2 ~ 2 0 
25 .. , 1·2 7 0 
5 2·3 ~ 0 2 
23 5 .. 9 1·2 3 5 
8 1·3 ~ 0 I 

28"9~80 
5 ().() 1·2 2 0 
6 1·1 ~ I 0 
16 .. 7 1·2 5 0 

I3I-1~08 
200 23·$9 1 .... 21 ..... 16 

PF T 
2 10 
2 9 
2 6 
o ~ 
2 9 
I ~ 
o II 
2 2 
I I 
o I 
o 2 
I 9 
2 2 
15 63 

December. 
~~lspeculatesthat~enJo 

is currently the top-ranked Divi-
sion ill team in the West, with 
UCSD ranked second. La Verne, 
the other Division ill team that has 
defeated the Tritons, is probably 
ranked third, according toMars~l. 

In addition to Saturday's game, 
the Tritons have a Feb. 9 road 
contest with Menlo. As an NCAA 
independent, the Tritons can iU-
afford to lose another Division ill 
contest if they are to earn a spot in 
the regionals. 

Women's Hoop Friday 
ueSD 80, Cal Lutheran 71 

CoILoIMnuo 

Wrip, 
Lee 
Oriftoh 
ShaoynolU 
eo. 
Smioh 
EIoon 

-
Fuller 

Mia re·A FT-A a A PF T 
7 1·1 ~ 0 0 0 2 
29 7·15 ()'3 12) ~ 14 
12 ~ 1·3 I 0 I I 
2()'()~OOOO 
22 0-2 2·2 6 I I 2 
6).8~60)6 
., ),11 3·5 3 5 2 9 
16 0-1 1-4 0 I I I 
5 0-1 ().O 2 I I 0 s...... 28 .. 20 5-6 II 0 3 21 

CIoandler 28 7·13 2·2 I ~ I 16 
TOTALS :roo 29-77 14-25 41' 15 17 72 

UCSD 

Alvartl Ca __ 

Ely 
Dicpenbroc;k 
Murillo 
Soou 
Youn, 
Be ..... 
[)iQUIUO 
TOTALS 

1'1111 fG.A FT-A R A 
25 ).5 1·2 2 7 
32 5-11 ().I I 7 
19 1-6 ~ 2 I 
305-9~81 
3 ().() ~ I 0 
23 5-7 6-9 2 I 
29 6-14 1·2 II 0 
21 7-1 I 2-4 5 0 
18 2· ) ().I 2 ) 
:roo )<.66 11 · 19 45· :w 

--

PF T 
2 9 
3 10 
I 2 
2 10 
o 0 
I 16 
5 13 
3 16 
4 4 
21 80 

......... ·111( ... 
UCSD 

17 15 
Jl 4.! 

51 UCSD 
1715-51 
Jl45-77 

TIl ............... - UCSD 2 (Alv .... 2-4) 
IIocUd SINJtI- PomonI-Pitl:er 2 (Timmins. 
Pa!erscn) ; UCSDIIDiep<nbradt) 

77 

...... - Pomona·Pi ... r 6 (_ , Cnn .... 2-
B.a.u .. Jolin"",); UCSD 14 (Alv .... Capuu. 
s.:oc, 3. c.m.ri,ho. DiGullio 2. Murillo) 
" - includes lC;lm I'tboundl 

~-UCSD I (AI .... 1·2) 
BIodoad S_ - UCSD3 (Dicponbroclc 3) 
_ - Cal Lu ........ 12 (£1_, .... ~. Chandler. 
Grifioh. Smioh. Soe .... ~ UCSO 9 (Caponz 3. Scoc, 
2. fkolver, Oicpcnbrack. DiGuiJio. Younl) 
" - iaeluda team rdIounds 

Attention High Achievers •...••. 
-join -

The UCSD Guardian 

After becoming a Division ill 
team, UCSD's men's basketball 
program has never been selected 
for postseason action. 

"Every game is critical to us," 
Marshall explained . 

He also pointed to the Redlands 
win as especially significant in de-
tennining the Tritons' postseason 
chances, as Redlands Head Coach 
Gary Smith is on the regional vot-
ing comminee. 

Both Friday and Saturday 
night's games will begin al7 p.m. 
in the Main Gym. 

Men's Hoop Saturday 
ueSD 116, Redllncls 100 

UCSD 

J_ 
J ...... 
RApp S_, 
Selleck 
S_ 
Lindley 
McNdU 
Moen 
Swindall 
Baa 
TOTALS 

REDLANDS 

Mib 
Knipll 
S .... 
I~ 
Sofro 
Robinson 
Nonun 
S. Grebin, 
Lutet 
8. Grdlin, 
TOTALS 

UCSD 
REDLANDS 

Mio fG-A FT·A R A PF T 
334-5 ..... 5312 
2 1·1 ().O 0 0 I 2 
)6 12· 17 3-4 II ~ 3 29 
., ).7 .... 6 3 • 14 
II ().() 2·2 4 0 2 2 
• 1·2 ~ 2 I 0 2 
13 2·5 2·3 6 I 3 6 
34 11 · 18 7·7 3 I I 29 
6 (),()()'o4000 
2 0-1 ().I 0 0 0 0 
29 8·15 4-12 II 3 4 20 
lIIl 44-70 26-JI :l9' 18 21 116 

1'110 fG.A n·A R A PF T 
19 .. 10 ~ I ~ 0 II 
21 1·5 ~ I I I 2 
328·206-9 I I I 28 
22 l-14 3-3 I 5 5 1$ 
32 "16 2·2 6 3 3 I I 
16 .... ().O 2 0 5 • 
8 1·2 1-4 4 I 2 3 
1$ 2-4 2·5 7 0 5 6 
17 6-9 1·1 3 0 5 14 
18 1·4 ~ 7 0 5 2 
:roo 37·88 15-14 )6' 15 32 100 

65 51 - II' 
... 56 - 110 

nr..-......... - UCSD 5 (RaPll2~ Redlands 13 
(5 .... 6. Mib 3 . 1~ 2) 
BIodoad s_ - UCSD 2 (McNeill I. SIoI"",.1l 
I); Redlands 2 (B. GrdIin,2) 
_ - UCSD 9 (Iack_ 2. Rapp 2) Redlands 9 
(Knip' 2, M,b 2) 
• - includes am ~bounds 

ROBERT'S 
• ~ 

SPORTS IS 

SAAB 

go{den 1(f,y 
9\Lationai :J-{onor Society 

German • Swedish. Japanese Service 
AU Worit Fully Guoronleed • Factory· Trained Specialut • 

·FUELEEnoN 
.. EI£CIRICAL ' " 

.. 
KendI • Benetlts include: 

• Scholanhips 
• Career Assistance 
• Leadership Opportunities 
• Recognition 

You may pick up an application at OHI540 or USB 1240 
or call Golden Key at 534-3172 for more information, 

Golden Key will sponsor an information table on the Revelle Plaza 
January 16-18 from 10:00 am to 2:00 pm 

LOOKING FOR A JOB? 
BE A CAPE EDITORI 

~ Flexible hours, $8.67 per hour, through summer. 
Check the job board NOW and drop in for. an 
interview at CAPE, 0-314, (534-2668). 

·eilENoeD~ 
• ENGINE REBUIlDING 

• 

_0& 
W ... ~rrc ." 

-~ "_,,_"'d_" 
Mon.-Fri. 1 am-5:90 pm • Soturday. 8 am-5 pm 

If (619)275-1182 • 
. 1, .- I 4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) san Diego 

-------------------------10% OFF on all repairs* with this coupon 
.~pt IIIDtor and trtJIumiuion owrlaaul. Not uolid with. any otMr coupon. 

The home of the 
49¢ hamburger. 

Ul!lJo"l1~m J{/ou. 
7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

ALL 
Quarter Pounder® with Cheese, Medium Fry, 

Medium-Size Soft Drink CCIIII value: 1/20 011 __ 

Limit one coupon per 
customer. per visit. Please 
present coupon when 
ordering. Not valid with 
any other offer. 

Just $1 99 
(plus tax) 

Only at: 
71_.GiGId.. 

Ian DIego 
1U7 PUilPict 

La Jolla 



.. 

16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, January 16, 1990 

Sports 
Women's Basketball Runs Past Cal Lutheran, Pomona-Pitzer 

SD Streaks for Weekend Victories 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Senior Nadirah Scott led UCSD in scoring in both weekend games, 
with a season-high 16 VS. Cal Lutheran and 11 vs. the Sagehens. 

By ANDREW ROBBINS 
Staff Writer 

Tossing in 45 second half points, 
the UCSD women's basketball 
team blew open a close game and 
streaked to its fifth home win in a 
row Saturday night in a 77-52 
plucking of the Pomona-Pitzer 
Sagehens. 

Coupled with a royal 80-72 
handling of Cal Lutheran's Regals 
on Friday, the Tritons have won 
four in a row and are now 8-5. 

Though Saturday's game saw 
the Triton stumble out of the gate 
to an early 9-2 deficit, they still 
managed to counterbalance the Po-
mona-Pitzer attack as the half wore 
on. Still, UCSD trailed the Sage-
hens 25-17 with 5:45 left before 
halftime. 

From that point on, however, 
the Triton played inspired defense 
applying a brand-new full-court 
press that seemed to ruffle the Sage-
hens' feathers. Twice in a row, the 
pressure stymied Pomona-Pitzer 
to the extent that it couldn ' t get a 
shot off before the thirty second 
clock expired. 

In fact, the Tritons did not allow 
any Sagehen scoring in the six 

minutes preceding the first half 
buzzer. 

Meanwhile, UCSD rattled off 
15 unanswered points - most the 
result of fast breaks that started 
with stolen passes. 

The Tritons compiled a 32-27 
lead at halftime, and picked up 
right where they left off to start the 
second half - stationed in their 

p~ss. UCSD forced turnover after 
turnover, which Nancy Caparaz 
and Nadirah Scott consistently 
converted into easy layups. The 
Tritons' pressure forced 28 Po-
mona turnovers, twice as many as 
UCSD's 14. 

Five minutes into the second 
half, UCSD raced to a 41-29 lead, 
extending the run from the first 
half to 24-4. With 6: 19 remaining, 
and all hope of what promised to 
be a close game virtually lost, the 
Triton bench was called in to pro-
tect a 62-43 edge. It did, tallying 15 
points as easil y as the starters, whi Ie 
extending the lead to 25 when the 
final buzzer sounded. 

Nadirah Scott, who has aver-
aged nearly 12 points per game 
during the four-game home sweep, 
scored 11. Offensive guard Kath-
leen Alvarez added 10 of her own, 

Men's Hoop Collars Bulldogs 
Tritons Now 11-4 with 116-100 Win Over Redlands 

By PHIL GRUEN 
Sports Editor 

In last week ' s game against 
Willamette, Triton forward Chris 
Moore sprained his ankle. During 
practice last week, junior guard 
Read Fenner sprained his ankle. 
On Monday, junior point guard 
Lance Catarozoli, who was among 
the nation's top 20 in free throw 
percentage, quit the team to con-
centrate on academics, according 
to Head Coach Tom Marshall. 

On Saturday, the Tritons trav-
eled up to Redlands and took care 
of the Redlands Bulldogs with little 
difficulty, 116-100 . 

Surprise? 
Not really. The Tritons im-

proved to 11-4 on the season -
against a one-time 9-3 Division ill 
team - and posted five players in 

double figures in the scoring de-
partment. 

Tim Rapp - at last check 
ranked II th among Division ill 
scoring leaders - tied with Gor-
don McNeill for the team lead in 
scoring with 29 apiece. Rick Batt 
added 20, Tom Shawcroft scored 
14, and Darvin Jackson tallied 12. 

Jackson, who was battling for 
the starting point guard position 
with Catarozoli, now holds that 
position outright. Peter Selleck will 
back up Jackson. 

Though Fenner saw limited 
action in Saturday's game and 
Moore could return to action by 
the end of the week, "[Catarozoli's) 
loss will really hurt us," Marshall 
said. 

But for the time being, nothing 
really seems to be bothering the 
Tritons. 

Against Redlands, UCSD shot 
63 percent from the floor and pretty 
much put the game out of reach 
with a 21 point advantage at the 
end of the first half. Marshall said 
that the Tritons had been preparing 
for this game all week, and that he 
thought "we executed what we 
practiced. " 

The Tritons held Mark Sofro, 
the Bulldogs' three-point special-
ist, to 1-11 from that range. 

Rapp pulled down 11 boards to 
lead the Tritons in that category. 

"[The Redlands game] was just 
another game we had to win," 
Marshall said. "To beagrealteam, 
you have to win on the road. To be 
just a good team, you win at home." 

UCSD, with a 5-2 home record 
this year, has to be particularly 
good this weekend when they host 

See M. HOOP, page 13 

This Week's Intercollegiate Sports Attractions ••• 
mill 
Basketball (M) 

Basketball (W) 

Swimming 

mw Du 
UC Santa Cruz Friday 
Menlo Saturday 
La Verne Tuesday 
at Cal State San Bernardino Friday 
Fresno State (women) in Natatorium Tuesday 
Cal St. Bakersfield/Cal Poly SLO at Bkrsfld. Saturday 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD 

IImc 
7:08 p.m. 
7:08 p.m. 
7:08 p.m. 
5:30 p.m. 
7:30 p.m. 
11:00 a.m. 

Tom Shawcroft, shown in action 
earlier this season, scored 14 
points against Redlands. 

most of them from long range, 
including two three-pointers. And, 
after first-year player Tiffany 
Booth sunk a layup in the final two 
minutes, each of the 13 Tritons had 
scored in the game. It marked the 
second game in the last three that 
all the Triton players put points on 
the board. 

''The starting five has 
a lot of pressure be-
cause the subs can do 
just as good a job." 

- Nancy Caparaz 

Point guard Michelle Diguilio 
came off the bench to collect a 
game high eight assists in a mere 
thirteen minutes, while starterCari 
Young and Bernadette Diepen-
brock dominated the boards, com-
bining for 15 rebounds. 

Malone was especially pleased 
with the team' s defensive perform-
ance, describing it as "the bestteam 
defense UCSD has ever played." 

Malone explained that the Tri-
tons went to the fast-break offense 
when Pomona kept switching its 
defenses. 

"Besides," she said of the 
game's fast tempo, "the fast break 
is the best part of our game any-
way." 

Saturday night's victory against 
Pomona-Pitzer (7-6) capped off a 
banner weekend that started with 
an 80-72 win over Cal Lutheran 
(9-3) the night before. 

Jumping out to an eight point 
lead at the half, the Tritons matched 
baskets with Cal Lutheran in the 
second half to win by the same 
eight point margin. 

First-year back-up center Lisa 
Beaver and senior Nadirah Scott 
lit it up for the Tritons with 16 
points apiece, and Cari Young 
fought for 11 rebounds in the con-
test. 

With seven victories in their 
last eight games, the Tritons are 
hardly indicative of the team that 
began the year 1-4-a team whose 
roster sports seven first-year play-
ers. 

Senior point guard Nancy Ca-
paraz, distinguished by her quick-
ness on steals and no-look passes 
on fast breaks, attributed the UCSD 
winning streak to the team's depth, 
which is strong in all positions -
and definitely stronger than it has 
been in recent years. 'The starting 
five has a lot of pressure because 
the subs can do just as good ajob," 
Caparaz said. 

Playoffs, however, are not re-
ally a concern at this point for 
coach Malone. 

"When you start off 1-4, you 
don't think playoffs," she said. "We 
have maybe four easy games left; 
the rest will be dogfights. We're 
winning the dogfights right now." 


