
• .... Jf:.I< -: :~. - ~ .. ~ 
. .. r... _ 

Facing the Reality 
Of Disability 

Maturing 
With Time 

Men's Volleyball 
Finishes Undefeated 

The Disabled's Everyday Challenges 
Features, page 8 

Social Distortion Grows Up Conference T oumey Next For Tritons 
Arts & Entertainment, page 13 Sports, page 20 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

UCSD Grading Policy 
Uncertain for Students 
Accused of Cheating 
By CATHERINE DILLE 
News Editor 

A discrepancy between the aca-
demicdishonesty policy in the Stu-
dent Handbook and the Academic 
Senate's policy leaves an uncer-
tain future for UCSD students who 
are accused of cheating. 

The Student Handbook, which 
is produced by Director of Special 
Services Nicholas Aguilar as a stu-
dent guide to policies and regula-
tions pertaining to UCSD students, 
states that a student who has 
cheated will be failed only for the 
assignment in question. 

According to Aguilar, the pol-
icy found in the Student Hand-
book is based on an opinion formed 
by the UC General Counsel, the 
UC's legal advising office. 

The Academic Senate's policy, 
based on the recommendation of 
the Committee on Educational Pol-
icy (CEP), states that the instuctor 
may assign an F grade for the 
entire course as a reflection of 
academic performance. 

According to Lynn Harris, 
Manager of the UCSD Academic 
Senate, a student accused of cheat-
ing by a professor has several re-
courses. 

"The professor first notifies the 
student and the dean of the student's 
coUege that he is suspected of cheat-
ing," she said. 

According to Harris, the dean 
will discuss the infraction and the 
proposed punishment with the stu-
dent, and the student then has ten 
days to decide whether or not to 
accept the judgement. If the judge-
ment is accepted, the case goes no 
further. However, if the student 
does not accept the judgement, he 
can either request a lesser punish-
ment from the chairperson of the 
department in which the alleged 
infraction occured, or he can ap-
peal the judgement to an ad hoc 
committee in same department. 

The process to decide an al-
leged breach of academic integrity 
is outlined on page 65 of the Gen-
eral Catalog. 

According to Harris, the Aca-
demic Senate thinks its interpreta-
tion of the policy is not in disagree-
ment with the General Counsel's 
opinion. 

"[The General Council] thinks 
academic integrity is clearly an 
academic matter. Cheating on an 
assignment is a ignificant viola-
tion [of the student conduct code] 

See CHEATING, page 3 

Rlmas 
Touted as the "21 st Century Workout," the Orbotron was 
demonstrated by several students at Thursday's Tritonfest. 

VOLUME 70, NUMBER 7 MONDAY, APRIL 23,1990 

UCSD Profs 
Take Two Top 
Fellowships 
By JASON SNELL 
Associate News Editor 

Two UCSD professors studying 
such radically different subjects as 
marine animals and the Watergate 
scandal have been awarded 1990- 1991 
Guggenheim Fellowships. 

Michael Schudson, a professor in 
the Sociology and Communication 
Departments, was awarded his fellow-
ship for his project to research and 
write a book on how America and the 
world remembers Watergate. 

A UCSD student signs a petition to end gill net fishing at 
the annual Earth Day Festival in Revelle Plaza on Friday. 

Biology Department Chair Nicho-
las Spitzer was chosen for a fellowship 
because of his plan to study the neuro-
logical development of small marine 
animals. Both are among only 143 
scholars, artists, and teachers who have 
been named Guggenheim Fellows by 

See FELLOWSHIPS, page 3 

Study Abroad Leads to Lessened 
Credits for Some UCSD Students 
By MELINDA HAMILTON 
Staff Writer 

Many students who study 
abroad have difficulty receiving 
UC credit for clas es taken over-
seas. 

Muirsenior David Brooks stud-
ied at Sorbonne University in Paris" 
France fortwo quarter in 1989 in 
a program sponsored by New York 
University. Upon his return, he 
discovered that the c1asse he had 
taken in France would not apply 
toward his graduation require-
ments at UCSD. 

Brooks said he heard of the 
program through a friend on an-
other campus. Applying directly 
to the program, Brooks failed to 
verify beforehand that classes he 
would be taking over eas would 
transfer to UCSD. 

According to Brook ,the con-
fusion arose due to the differing 
course terminology used by UCSD 
and New York University ~NYU). 

Brooks aidthatNewYorkUni-
versity labels its upper division 
course as "second cycle cour e ," 
causing the confusion. 

Through the help of the Oppor-
tunitie Abroad Program (OAP) 
office, Brook received UC credit 
for hi work oversea by convinc-
ing New York Univer ity to end 
a statement to UCSD explaining 
that econd cycle cia e are in 
fact upper divi ion cour e . 

"I didn't realize OAP played a 

big a role [in foreign exchange 
programs] as they do," Brooks 
said. 

Bill CIabby, an adviser for 
OAP,explained that Brooks' prob-
lem is not unique and that "a lot of 
students can't get credi t for courses 
taken abroad because they didn ' t 
go through OAP." 

Clabby pointed out that recent 
advertisements for study abroad 
programs in the Guardian, sub-
mitted by institutions who are 
listed with OAP, do not include 

~AP's campus office telephone 
number ormention that the schools 
are affiliated with OAP. He added 
that several other organizations 
hang posters on campus with in-
formation about over eas tudy 
programs which aI 0 omit the num-
ber. 

The exclusion of ~AP's num-
ber leads students to believe they 
do not need to erify their in-
tended plan of study with OAP, 
Clabby said. . 

The e students go over eas 
without going through OAP and 
return to find their credit is not 
transferable, he explained. 

Student can avoid thi prob-
lem by enlisting the help of OAP 
in finding suitable tudy abroad 
program anden uring beforehand 
that all credit is transferable. 

Clabby cited the advantage of 
u ing the campus organization, 
which include retaining telephone 
regi tration standing, waiving the 

$40 re-admission fee to UCSD, 
and the knowledge of transferable 
courses before studying abroad. 

OAP also arranges for students 
receiving financial aid to apply it 
toward study at another university. 

St. Louis University lists two 
programs with OAP, one full aca-
demic year at either the University 
of Orleans or St. Louis' campus in 
Madrid. 

A representative of the Educa-
tion Abroad Office at St. Louis 
University said that to participate 
in either of the university's two 
programs, study abroad applicants 
must have the ignature of their 
provost, which releases the tudent 
to study with St. Louis University. 
It also ensures the evaluation of the 
foreign course by the home cam-
pus to determine whether credit i 
tran ferable either be[ore or after 
the tudent goes abroad. 

"We don't want their tudy 
abroad to be a wa te of time," the 
representative aid. 

For tudents intere ted in study-
ing abroad, Clabby aid the fir t 
tep is to decide where to go. If the 

student already has an idea of which 
country, the tudent hould make 
an appointment with one of the 
advisers at th OAP office. 

If undecided where to tudy, 
Clabby suggested vi iting ~AP's 
re ource library, where po ible 
program in foreign countries are 
Ii ted. After choosing a few that 

ee REDIT, page 7 



/ , 

*UCSDNEWS 
Emerging Democracies To Be Topic 
Of IR/PS 'Town Meeting' Tonight 

USCD's Graduate School of International Relations 
and Pacific Studies (IRIPS) will hold a town meeting on 
emerging democracies in Latin America today from 6 to 
8 p.m. at the IRIPS Robinson Building Complex Audito-
rium. 

The town meeting will be held two days before the 
scheduled transfer of power in Nicaragua from the com-
munist Sandanista government to the democratically 
elected ChljIllorro government. At the meeting, titled 
"Emerging Democracies in Latin America: Will They 
Survive?: ' a panel of experts will examine the future of 

icaragua as well as other emerging democracies in Latin 
America. 

The panel. which will be moderated by UCSD Profes-
sor Miles Kahler, will include the following panelists: 
Ambassador Paul Boeker, d irector of the UCSD-based In-
titute of Americas, who will provide an overview: UCSD 

Professor Paul Drake, who will discuss the transition from 
dictatorships to democracies in Chile and Brazil; San 
Diego State University Professor Brain Loveman, who 
will address the political changes in icaragua; UCSD 
Professor Matthew Shugart, who will talk about the tran-
s ition in government in Colombia; and Peter Smith, the 
director of UCSD' s Center for Iberian and Latin Ameri-
can Studies (Cll..AS), who will discuss the challenges 
facing existing democracies in Latin America. 

Scripps Museum Plans Nighttime 
Trip To View Grunion Spawning 

A late night excursion to observe grunion fish spawn-
ing on the beaches of La 10lla Shores is being offe red by 
Scripp Aquarium-Museum from 9:30 to 11 :30 p.m . on 
Friday, May I I. 

Grunion are small , si I ver fish that are often left stranded 
on sandy beaches following cenain high tides. Whi le on 
the beach, female grunion bury themselves in the sand to 
lay eggs, while male wrap themselves protectively around 
females to fertilize the eggs. They then attempt to catch a 
wave to return to the sea. 

The months of April and May are set aside a closed 

Calvin and Hobbes 
1 SIGN'0:l IJP TO I'l/l.i 
'i!/l.S'i:8 f>..U. E'iER~ RRtsS 
AND 1 !Xl 1 £.'IEN LlK.£ 

BA~Bf>..Ll 
-rn"i 1-\110\ 

('MON. 8"S I'<I:! OJ~IOf. f>JI\) 
1\l.~ ~£. CI>.TC\l.£S BE~ 

1 I'I£AI-I . ITS '\IN PlA'w,G 
BI'SHl~ll Wln.\ .IllS, YoU . 
BEG.lJS'i: 'tiE BOn1 G£j 10 
PITC.\l, . IlI>.T. I(\JN M-IO (J>.T(\\ 

~ r..u. ~1 O"'CI:': . WE GE1 1tJ DO ~~" £'1El1inllI'\G 
" \ -.. . .......... I , 

WiOll., SRl!I'i5 ,,\0£ \:J:X){) ~ 
'iOJ T"E.~ fEt-.C\·\ lU\O\WCR',( 
" NO COOI't~ l\.llCN ~O\J 
;l{)tI 10 ~ IN GR II.e IOJSL'i ~t> 
A<J:.\'.?i O£\H.T IT 'i!IJILeS 

QI/l.R/l.C. It. Q 

DINN£R , 0( " 1\ l\ ffif \'QAalct. ./ 
WIll. MI\K'i: 'iOO ~ C~flornT 
h-T-::"'~.., 101-'O~~W I\T 

RECESS 

season for grunion hunting to allow these intriguing fi sh 
to spawn without human harra sment. 

A lecture and movie will precede the beach walk to 
observe grunion on the shore of Scripps beach . To regis-
ter, contact Sc ripps Aquarium at 534 -3474. 

Association of Student Employees 
To Discuss 'Excess TA Workload' 

Teaching Assistants (T As) working in the five college 
writing programs, literature courses, and writing adjuncts 
are planning to meet with administration officials this 
quarte r in order to call their attention to what the Associa-
tion of Student Employees (ASE) calls "the problem of 
excess workload." According to ASE, TAs in composi-
tion oriented courses are consistently required to exceed 
the limit of work hours allowed per week in the UCSD 
Acade mic Policy manual . ASE will hold a meeting on 
Thursday, April 26 at 6 p .m . in the Irvine Room at the 
Price Center to discuss the issue. The group is encourag-
ing all TAs who believe that they are working more hours 
than they are contracted for to come to the meeting. 

Student Health Service Accepting 
Applications for Advocate Training 

Applications are currently being accepted for Student 
Health Service's Student Health Advocate training pro-
gram. Student Health Advocates staff the cold clinic, give 
birth control and well-woman information sessions, 
administer physical fitness evaluations, and take blood 
pressures. Advocates also provide outreach programs on 
AIDS , nutrit ion, alcohol awareness, sexually transmitted 
diseases, and stress and eating disorders. 

For more information about the training program, call 
Dalynn at 534-2419 or Kaleen at 534-3874. 

/ 

UCNEWS 
UCSB Vice Chancellors Release 
Report on Campus Ethnic Diversity 

SANTA BARBARA- In an effort to c\ari fy its stance 
on minority and gender representation and to show that it 
is working to improve the situation 0'1 campus, the UCSB 
Administration released a report on the subjec t Friday. 

Titled "Advancing Human Divers ity at UeSB," the 

't:~£~~ llME 1 ~E B\lIU C.~"I!: 
"CQR . Y\JE IQG~\) \1' 
I \X)t{1 ItANr TO LE ~1Il THill· 
W<lRt. ! 1 0001 ttAIff 10 lHRIll 
A[l)IJl WIIIlNlt-lG M-IO \.C5ING: 

~c.'( . I ~'i £'1£1-1 Wt>.NT 10 
COMPETE .' 'I\~ ~1 5 WRotlG Wlf\1 
JlJ':il \l./I.~ING flJN B~ 'iOJNLr. 

I\\J\-\?' ....... \\it_ 
---:" .~ 
t-' 

by Bill Watterson 

DO ~O\J EVE.N 
,mow HeW 
TO i'I.~i 1\1 .. 
REAL W"'I ' 

S£E . rnr..1 "5 
ANO~ER 
PReBLE'" : 

SlJPR>st. 1\\£,i 
W>-¥.'t: ME f>.. 

lI t>.ll' Bf>..CI( . 
( M I Tl>.CI(LE 
\1\£ S\l.o\!l"5\()!, 

~OOi' 
,I~ 7---' 

r 
- !t. 

IIRf- '\O\J OK ? 
~tll~l5 ni£ 
Bf>.Il \J).lN(cS 
IR ll\: .. 1\11>. T. 
Ali\) ~().l'lt. GOT 
TO B'<. REA\)~ 

'"~') fOil- l\lt 
tlB, 0/>.0 

flO< \#Ii NC~ 
AAO 1'110 10 11\ 
ICE ':>0 \\\E~ 
o.N ~w 10 

SAG 00 .' 

94-page document consists of studies from the offices of 
the four UCSB vice chancellors. 

"Each of the v ice chancellors were asked to do ome 
work on diversity" as it related to their specific depart-
ments, e xplained Ed Birch, vice chancellorofinstitutional 
advancement . 

According to the Faculty Recruitment and Retention 
Report, all UCSB departments are required to "assume an 
active role in attaining campus affirmative action goals." 
The departments are therefore required to plan an increase 
in opportunities for attracting adi verse pool of candidates . 

The Diversity Task Force, led by Vice Chancellor of 
Student Affairs Michael Young, is planning educational 
equity plans to recruit women and minorities. Recommen-
dations include the appointment of senior managers to 
regulate the development of each campus department plan 
and a Student Affirmative Action five-year plan. 

In the course of conducting his study, Birch established 
a permanent Diversity Work Group to address the low 
number of women and minorities in the Institutional 
Advancement sector on campus. 

The areaofInstitutional Advancement is unique, since 
the various groups it oversees rely on volunteer support 
and are open in membership. Therefore, a desirable envi-
ronment must be created among the organizations in order 
to attract minority members. 

"Membership in each campus support group is open to 
all alumni and friends of [UCSB, but] the boardsofdirec-
tors of community support groups are predominantly 
female with little or no ethnic diversity," the Institutional 
Advancement report states. 

In addition, the document recommends developing 
new scholarship programs, with emphasis placed on aid 
for underrepresented minority students. 

Birch believes the report is "realistic at this time and the 
plan lays out some direction for increasing the number of 
women and minorities on the UCSB campus." 

"It ' s a step forward in very significant ways," he said. 
Although praising the repon and the efforts so far, 

Women's Center Director lanet Vandevender, a member 
of the Multi Cultural Work Group, stressed that there are 
great strides which have yet to be made to increase the 
number of women and minorities on campus. The report, 
she said, is indeed a step forward , but added that " the 
question is how we respond to it." 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason Snell, AssocUzte News Editor 

GTheUCSD DAKDIAN 
PHL OftUEN, ~ In ChIef 
ROBIN MAC LEAH, ~ EdIIor 
ANTON BITTNER, ,... EdIfrN 
BEN 8OYCttUK, A'-"" OpInIon Edit« 
DAVID BUIIKHART, OpInIon EdiftN 
DANA CHAI<EN, SpotW EdIffH 
.lAlE8 COLLER. IWtIurft EdIftN 
CATHEIWE DLLE, ".,. &IIttK 
RANDY DOTINOA, c.w EcIfGr 
DOREEN EASEA, .. tic .... "-tIltH EdhtN 
LARA HEI8LER. "'.-....~ Editor 
PATRICIA JETTE, ~EdIIor 
GAII,..JOHN8ON, "'rrg: II .. PftoIo EdIftN 
PETER KO, "' __ ... EdIItN 
HELENA LENG LOH, MrcIci8Ir A1fWEnIetWI-.t EdIftN 
... QUNI, ..,.,.,. Edit« 
oIA8ON 8IELL, A .. ac .... ,..... EIIII« 
_ • ..at YANCEY, "'.II~.1r An~t EdIIM 
AlIAS UZGID. PlIo", EdIIor 
............ AIIhII\dIIMI. Mary ~ HMII. a.-.. Huizar. \Irian 
11M. WI~.DMlwr-
.......... :Jamollunolon, .... 8eItI,WIIIIIMta,EIicI!Joelo.IMBN"*I.ScoII 
c.w. ".,. de GII\IIIdt ........ HImIDI. .... HIimIIr. Grace 1M, AdIm 

~.O"'~ ............... ,JoIhOdlnlz.MlritP--.IlMIPaIIc:IIa. 
...... fIaIbIrId. T ... 1IzzuI, AndrlllIIabIIn.'" AocIioo. DIIIbII RoeenIhII. 
Uor RaIr-.., sa. SlndLIIII:hIII ScIMW. Oq SNddII, LnII SphaI1er. 
CIIIII SIIN.'-~ KIwfn T .... ,.. WNIIhIId. JtII ylIIIIQUC:Ii 
All u ......... MiCIIMIAmlli. ClrlgBnl, ........ KdIky. Cory UdId*1. Ed Lim. 
fin Lum. SlIt ...... 8IIIn MontI. JIime Muldoon, JolIn Ourn 0wIyl Vee. 
f.ZunIga 
---= .... ea.na, MIIoCoapor. T..., fIIInIM. carin Low. Mol MIn: .... l.aigh 

'-~. KIIr Rot. Tyrame TrIpai 
,.,..,l.IITy ......... KM 1IIdooII. ....... fawl . .in ...... 
CIpJ ItIIIIIII: HGIr Coaper. CIrIg ttu/fIUIIr. Julie Puzon. JIuIt SjIqer 
I'IIIIu 1'1 • . T.., __ GIIDI Chi, IIIIndl HamIbI. Jell Vamaguchl 
............ :. SIIIIr.IlMIWynet 

aoe DtANDREA, .... trwr "."""., 
IICHAEL FOUIJ(8, AcMtfIrII", ..... ' 
"'IIARTINIZ, ~ l1NIgnw 
E. LEIGH HENRY. CIeNIIIrtI ~IMIN 
.... --...DMlWynet 
AdodIIng AMIIIIIII: ~ 8eICJrge 
QUIIoD; Jam 0.10, Joe 1M. I.tIcIIIIt Randal 

11II1JCSO a...dlll1I"""""""IIIIIT1uIcIeyICIIItinO lht.-ni:pwbl'WId 
..... _oIUC&O ........ 0I1iI1IIIIIIIII*" ." ...... _1n_ .. 
iI pM. ........ ,*""",,".""" praIttiIod. 0 lt11O. 11 19* _ . 
11II1JCSOa...dlllII .. rllP'r'liblt ..... _ oIuneaIiciIocI ............ ~ Tho 
..... __ .. fIIIlI1Ica ........... or ___ dOnot~_ 
..., .......... 11IIIJCSOa...dio. .. l.Hwntyol Coltomotor .. _s.,. 
_oIUCSO. 

EdItorial: 5;W-6580 Business: 53"·3466 Pax: 53"-7691 
UCSD Guardian, B-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Monday, April 23, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

CHEATING: Policy States That Students 
Who Cheat Will Receive an 'F' in Course 
Continued from page 1 
and it taints the whole cour e," 
Harri said. 

Aguilar said he included the 
UC General Counsel's opinion that 
in cases of academic dishonesty a 
student should only receive a grade 
ofF for the assignment in question 
because " princ ipally , the UC 
General Counsel said that was the 
way it should read." 

According to Susy Castillo-
Robson, acting director of student 
affairs UC-wide, there is no sys-
temwide policy regulating aca-
demi c dishon-
esty. 

acts as a defi nite deterrent to cheat-
ing' there are many cases where 
the Academi c Senate's policy 
could arbitrarily hurt tudents, 
especially in what he termed 
"boderline cases." 

Two borderline cases Finlan 
pointed out were "excessive col-
laboration," where students are 
considered to have worked too 
closely on a project that receives 
an individual grade, and "using 
unauthorized aids," which could 
include using unauthorized charts 
or calculators on a test. 

cheating by a profe sor should 
consult with Student Legal Serv-
ices on campus and become aware 
of their rights, he said. 

Finlan also advised that "All 
students should become familiar 
with the academic dishonesty pol-
icy. Even students who would 
never consider themselves cheat-
ers could be implicated in a bor-
derline case," Aguilar said. 

Fiolan encouraged students who 
are accused of cheating to "get 
outside legal help and be very care-
ful about what they say so as not to 

furtherincrimi-
nate them -
selves." "There is no 

UC policy , 
howe ve r; the 
UC General 
Counsel re-
cently sent a 
letter to all of the 

'Even students who would never 
consider themselves cheaters could 
be Implicated In a borderline case.' 

Finlan also 
suggested that 
s tudents be 
waryofprofes-
sors ' req ues ts 
that students 
submit names 

Bard-Alan Finlan 
academic sen-
ates explaining 
thei r opinion 
that a student should receive an F 
grade only for the assignment in 
question," Robson said. 

She added that because there is 
no system-wide policy, the Aca-
demic Senate is the recognized 
body for decidi ng UCSD academic 
policy. 

The Student Handbook is cur-
rently being revised, but the revi-
sion is pending a review by the 
CEP. Aguilar said. 

Aguilar pointed out that in the 
meanwhile, because of the discre-
pency between the policies and 
bec~use students have been in-
formed in the Student Handbook 
that they will be failed only for the 
assignment in question in cases of 
cheating, the Academic Senate' s 
policy on academic integrity is "not 
enforceable. " 

A student accused of cheating 
who receives a grade of F for the 
entire course "could have a basis 
for a legal claim against the uni-
versity ," Aguilar said. 

Because of the discrepancy, 
former Student Advocate Bard-
Alan Finlan agreed with Aguilar in 
that the Academic Senate's deci-
sion may not be binding. 

Finlan explained that although 
there needs to be a policy which 

" Clearly when a student is 
caught during a test with an unal-
lowed Hewlett- Packard pro-
grammed with every equation on 
the test, that is cheating," Finlan 
said. However, there are many 
cases where students are unaware 
of what aids are permitted in com-
pleting the assignments, he added. 

Fiolan believes that the Aca-
demic Senate " should be sensitive 
to cases" where a student could 
have misunderstood a rule against 
excessive collaboration or un-
authorized aids. The senate's pol-
icy, Fiolan said, provides for no 
f1exability in cases such as these. 

A note on a transcript that you 
one has cheated "is something that 
can follow a student a long time. It 
will especially hinder students who 
are looking for their first job or are 
trying to get into graduate S<'hool," 
Finlan said. 

Finlan safd that accusations of 
cheating are more prevalent in the 
sciences, expecially in classes 
where assignments are done on 
computer. 

Aguilar noted that although the 
policy potentially affects all UCSD 
students, only 100 to 150 students 
are accused of cheating annUally. 

Students who are accused of 

SEE US FOR THE BEST SELECTION OF 
GRADUATION ANNOUNCEMENTS 

AND ACCESORIES. 

457-3775 
La Jolla Village Center 

of other stu-
dents with 

whom they have collaborated along 
with the completed assignment. 

"This request is a form of self-
incrimination. Professors cannot 
get you to tell who you have col-
laborated with," Finlan said. 

. Fiolan concluded that UCSD 
faculty and administrators should 
" keep students' interests in mind. " 

"The faculty needs to come from 
the point of view of educating 
students, not so much as eliminat-
ing the problem [of cheating) . 
Students are still growing and it is 
the university's responsibility to 
educate students about ethical 
behavior," he said. 

Gall Johnson/Guardian 

As viewed from the inside of the Career Center, Wednesday's 
Career Fairfeatured representatives from many local companies. 

EVERYTHING MUST GO!!! 
Thousands of items priced below $15 

5 DAYS ONLY!!! 
CALIFORNIA GARMENT DISTRICT 

PRESENTS 
FACTORY OUTLET CLOTHIrlG SALEIII 

Over 50,000 items from Department Stores & Specialty Stores 
Reduced 50%-90% Below Retail 

BRAND NAMES CANNOT BE MENTIONED DUE TO LOW PRICES 
(also includes re-runs, over-productions & irregulars) 

MEN'S, WOMEN'S, CHILDRENS 
Jeans $8 aUF 
Pants $6 aUF 

Sweaters $ loa UP 
Sweats $5 a UP 

Tops $5 aUF 
Shorts $4 a UF 

Wednesday. Thursday. Friday. Saturday a Sunday 
April 25·29 

10 a.m •. 7 p.m. 
San Diego Convention Center, Plaza Hall 

202 "CO St .. San Diego 
FREE ADMISSION ~ fREE DRAWING 

CASH "CHECKS" VISA/ MC/ AMEX ACCEITED 

INTIMTAn • 

N 

t 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 23, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN, Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, Managing Editor 
ANTON BITTNER, News Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
DA VID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 
T~ UCSD GUDrdlan 15 published Iwice weekly 'Ilhe Uniy~il)'ofc.liromi •• San Dieco. ConlcntS e l990. 
Vitwsupress.ed hertin represent the majority VOfeofdae editorial board,and arenoc necessarily IhoK:oflhe 
UC Board of Regents. lhc ASUCSD. nor the eniLre Gwudkut statT, 

Migacz's Resignation 
The Final Vindictive Act 
On April 12, ASUCSD VP External Mishka Migacz resigned 

from her post aft.er she was embroiled in a controversy which will 
be remembered as the grand finale of an A.S. council that made 
divisiveness its trademark. 

It's been a difficult year for Migacz, who has a history of 
controversy. She may be best remembered for her role in the 
elections debacle last year, when she had to battle a series of 
elections violations brought against her by her opponent, Craig 
Peters. 

In this latest squabble, Migacz, who recently experienced the 
death of her mother, was attacked and politically crucified by a 
few colleagues on the council when she had neither the will nor 
the strength to defend herself. 

The resignation came after a fonnal complaint was filed with 
the A.S. Judicial Board against Migacz by four members of the 
A.S .: Lobby Annex Director Stephanie DeLaTorre, Employee 
Relations Director Marisa Smith, Muir Junior Senator Kathy Oh, 
and A.S. Representative to the University Center Board Morde-
cai Potash. Interestingly enough, Potash held Migacz's office 
last year. 

The gist of the complaint against Migacz was simply that 
Migacz hadn 't been performing the duties of her job in r~c~nt 
months, and that the Judicial Board should place a restramlOg 
order on her office, title, and pay. 

It's not surprising that Migacz hadn't been doing her job. She 
took a four-week leave of absence immediately after her mother's 
death in February. Migacz cannot be blamed for mourning her1 
mother. 

But, according to DeLaTorre, Migacz had been neglecting her 
duties for a long time, even before her mother's death. 

If that was the case, why deal with it now? With less than a 
month left in the pre ent council 's term, what purpose does it 
serve to purge the council of a negligent official? Why didn't 
DeLaTorre, Smith, Oh, and Potash file their complaint back in 
February, or before? . 

The answer is obvious. There was no useful purpose m 
attacking Migacz now, forcing her into resigning. This was 
simply an act of personal vindictiveness, the culmination of one 
of many internal conflicts the A.S. has been plagued with all year. 

Some say that the c harges against Migacz were obviously just, 
or she wouldn't have resigned . We believe Migacz herself offers 
the best justification for her resignation. "To be plain a~d blunt," 
she said in her letter of resignation, " I do not have the time [nor] 
the energy to deal with ... petty games." . 

Playing those " petty games" is all this year's A.S. CounCil can 
claim to have truly accomplished as a group. 

And they played them well. 

The Price Center: Year One 
"We" re Still Learning ... " 
Tomorrow marks the one-year anniversary of the grand open-

ing of the Price Center. It has been a year of ~volution ~d 
learning. The muIti-milliondollar c0f':lpl~x, ,,:,hlc~ tOOk. f~ve 
years to complete from inception to dedtcatlon, IS stili recelvmg 
its "final touches ." 

Like all new buildings, some bugs had to be worked out of the 
system. Employees complained o~ poor ventilation in the offices, 
inadequate access for the han~tcap~, and other problems. 
According to Tom Tucker, assistant VtC~ chancellor of ~nder­
graduate affairs, the flow of the fountam had to be adJus~ed 
because the water was "sort of pissing over the edge," bemg 
carried by the wind and drenching the plaza. All of these 
problems have been corrected. . 

"We're still learning the building," said Director ?fthe U,m-
versity Center Jim Carruthers, pointing to the recent l~stallatlOn 
of a giant fish tank in the food center and the coatmg of the 
fountain to prevent water loss through the concrete. 

According to Carruthers, the Price Center has managed to 
"change traffic patterns in terms of[t~e] de tination" of students. 

More importantly, though , the Pnce Center, no matter what 
its critics ay, has revitalized the Student Center. Despite ~y 
initial problems, the Price Center has proven to be worthwhile. 

Spike Lee Photographer Sets Record Straight 
Editor: 

I am writing in response to 
Sherry Lowrance's article on the 
Spike Lee lecture which appeared 
in the April 16 issue of the Guard-
ian. 

I am an intern for a San Diego 
newspaper and was assigned to 
photograph the lecture and the 
press conference, which occurred 
earlier that day. Members of the 
press were allowed to take pic-
tures, whereas the general public 
were not. 

A misunderstanding arose 
when a black woman expressed 
her dissatisfaction that she was 
not allowed to bring her camera. 
She pointed me out as an example 
(Qat whites were allowed, and 
suggested that it was a racist deci-
sion on the part of the officials to 
let whites take pictures, while 
denying this privilege to blacks. 

At this point I approached the 
microphone to try to clear up this 
misconception, but was told by a 
woman, whom I assume was a 
University Events staff member, 
that if I said anything I would 
"lose the camera" 

I then approached the woman 

who made the accusation and 
asked if I could speak with her, 
but she refused. I wanted to ex-
plain that I was permitted to take 
pictures because I had a press 
pass, and not because I am white. 

Because I was not given the 
opportunity to clear up this matter 
at the time, the audience in the 
gym was falsely led to believe 
that this was a racial issue. 

I feel that the Guardian article 
further perpetuated this miscon-
ception. I would have been happy 
to talk to a Guardiar: reporter after 
the lecture, but Ms. Lowrance did 
not approach me. 

I appreciate the opportunity to 
set the record straight, since I was 
denied the right to speak at the 
time. 

Jennifer Jacob 

Making Distant Love Last 
Editor: 

This letter is in response to 
Jason Snell's Close-up, "Letting 
Go of Long Distance Love" in the 
April 16 issue of the Guardian. 

Love is not always enough to 
keep a couple together across the 
miles, but starting a relationship 
before it becomes a "long-distance 
love" can give it a better chance to 
s urvive. Jason and Diana didn ' t 
have a relationship before it be-
came "long-distance." Love is 
more than saying "I love you," 
occasionally calling, and eeing 
the person every 18 months to 
make it last. For lasonandDiana's 
relationship, I am sure they felt for 
each other, but knowing it was 

Jason's first relationship, I can't 
help but think hesimply wanted 
the "title" of being someone's 
boyfriend. Still , I understand and 
somewhat agree with what advice 
he has given. 

I am in a long-distance rela-
tionship right now. We have been 
apart one year as of April 14. 

Camera Controversy Pathetic 

John and I became friends in 
high school, and we started dating 
mysophomoreyearatUCSD. The 
initial 80 miles between us were 
not very important because we 
usually never spent more than a 
week apart. Four months ago he 
moved to New Mexico to finish 
school. I have another year at 
UCSD, apart from John. What is 
hard is that we are more than just 
boyfriend-girlfriend; we have been 
engaged for almost 18 months. 

Editor: 
This is regarding the incident 

at the Spike Lee speech in which 
the black woman said her right to 
use her camera was' disallow able 
to her race. 

Now let's look at this realisti-
cally. The older black woman 
stepped up the microphone with 
full intent to ask for a picture "of 
Spike Lee ... or with Spike Lee"-
the additional racial implication 
that a white woman, "blonde 
haired, blue eyed," could take 
pictures and a black woman 
couldn ' t take pictures allowed the 
older black woman to get her photo 
with Spike Lee. 

Just a note for those that didn't 
have the opportunity to attend: the 
white woman was freely roaming 

BENSON 

t«J NEED 'It> ~. 
CHICER. JUST A 
UTI'LE FPMll..'{ ~T 

15 AU .. 

the front row, putting the camera 
inSpikeLee's face from all angles. 
A photographer for the Guardian 
or another periodical? Since secu-
rity didn't stop her from ner ram-
pant photo shoot, that may be a 
fair assumption. Theblackwoman 
said she was an elementary school 
teacher, but if she couldn't figure 
out that the white woman was a 
photographer, she should get out 
of the business quickly before she 
imposes her narrow-mindedness 
upon more children. 

I don ' t think the old black 
woman got anything out of Spike 
Lee's speech; getting what you 
want by using your race, or at Ihe 
expense of another race is pathetic! 
She should be ashamed of herself. 

Bryan Partee 

Love sometimes isn't enough 
to keep a couple far apart together. 
Yes, sometimes loving a person 
means letting go. Sometimes it 
also means holding on to what you 
feel is right. When it comes to 
love you don 't know what is right 
_. your mind says one thing and 
your heart says another. Listen to 
your heart. My heart tells me that 
I love John very much, but it also 
tells me that the friendship John 
and I share is just as important and 
as strong as our love. So, to those 
in " long-distance love," listen -
if your relationship is meant to be, 
it will not be easy; take it one step 
M a time and talk with your love 
and rely on your friendship as 
much as your l~ve. 

Vicki Olson 

Monday, April 23, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Koala Article Only Serves to Proliferate Violenc~ Against Women 
Editor: 

The recent murders of a San Diego State 
studenl, a UCSD student, and another 
woman in Clairemonl should remind both 
campuses that violence against women in 
this society continues unabated. 

Kevin Perkins' article ("Super DODE") 
in the 2(23 Koala simply reminds us that 
such violence continues without apology. 
That the murders and Perkins' violent 
"humor" are as predictable as they are 
deplorable does not mean that they neces-
sarily deserve extraordinary attention in 
themselves. Surely, those who knew the 
victims are also victims and will seek "jus-
tice" as society permits it. 

Those who know Perkins, who laugh 
with Perkins, and who think like Perkins 
will, in an appropriately repressed way, 
communicate to him that he may h!lve gone 
a little far this time; those who are repulsed 
by Perkins ' "humor" will convey the same 
message in more direct ways. In eithercase, 
the danger is that the murders will be seen 
as isolated events andPerkins' story will be 
seen as only juvenile excess which the dear 
boy will outgrow. But this will be wrong. 

Violence against women is constitutive 
of patriarchal society- one consequence 
of the many contradictions underlying the 
neo-colonization of the body by, in our 
time, corporate capitalism. Patriarchy is 
archetypically the privilege and power of 
dominance over women. 

Perkins ' penile fixation, as well as his 
brutal need/desire to sexually humiliate 
women, is not aberration that is peculiar to 
Perkins; it is but one position on the spec-
trum of patriarchal objectifications (more 
precisely, reifications) of women. It may be 
different from other positions, but it is cer-
tainly notanomaJous; that Perkins "chooses" 
that position is of more psychological inter-
est than otherwise. 

Under patriarchy, th~ugh its highly 
successful capitalist permutations and in-
stitutions, all women are potential victims, 
and all men are guaranteed the "right" to be 
oppressor. 

It should not be surprising to anyone, 
then, that violence against women is pre-
fabricated, not raw, material for humor and 
will remain so until women liberate them-
selves from every version of patriarchal 
roles of oppressors ( in short, when patriar-
chy is personally socially dismantled and 

Soviet Speaker 
Received Publicity 
Editor: 

This letter is in response to Nici 
Schraudolph's letter to the editor in the 
April 19 Guardian regarding the lack of 
publicity for Gennady Gerasimov. The 
organizers of the event were accused of 
neglecting to publicize the lecture. 

For the record, my committee, the Uni-
versity Events & Student Activities (UE & 
SA) National Issues and Speakers' Forum 
(astudent-runcommittee) volunteered much 
of valuable time and effort to program and 
publicize the event. Our publicity coordina-
tor had posters and banners plastered all 
over campus. We also had ads placed be-
ginning in March in the Guardian, the 
Reader and on three radio stations, KFSD, 
KSDO, and KFMB. 

In addition, newsletters were sent to dif-
ferent political groups on and off campus, 
as well as toloeal colleges and high schools. 
A a matter of fact, there was a large group 
of people from Los Angeles who attended 
the lecture. 

We on the committee are very sorry that 
we did not extend a personal invitation to 
you. We suggest that you get on our mailing 
list so that you will not miss any of our 
future events. 

Mai Nguyen 

the body is decolonized). To a great extent, 
then, Perkins' "story" pre-exists him in a 
thousand different versions over several 
thousand year. That he so poorly repre-
sents the genre and publicly humiliates 
himself in the process unintentionally pro-
vides an element of irony that his parents, if 
any, and siblings, if any, might appreciate 
reading his work. 

As for the murders, how do they differ 
from the murders of most other women who 
don ' t happen to be college students? They 
don 't but they will unless we see in these 
tragedies the connections linking them to 
violence against women in general and to 
the underlying contradictions in our patri-
archal society that made them inevitable. 

Indeed, it does not greatly overstate the 
case to say that " rape" is one of the implicit 
enabling metaphors of patriarchal society. 
One of the first documented rapes in the 
"Virgin Land" of tbe "New World" was 
perpetrated by one of Columbus ' cronies on 
an enslaved "native" woman given him by 
good old Chris. As prize? Reward? Pay-

ment? The Americas themsel ves were raped 
over the centuries by Europeans spouting, 
among other lies and enabling delu ions, 
"Discovery, wilderness, savage, Manifest 
Destiny, lebansraum," etc., as, ultimately, 
95 million native Americans fell to geno-
cide, and the earth itself was secured for 
rape by capitalism. 

All the while-could it have been other-
wise? Violence against women proceeded 
apace: woman as property, as slave, as (de) 
valued Other; to be found, "discovered," 
women, used, exchanged, impregnated, lost, 
left, sold, pedestaled, raped, murdered - as 
men empowered by patriarchy saw fit. 

We need only remind ourselves that today 
one in four women in this society has been 
the victim of sexual abuse/violence to ac-
knowledge that such violence is endemic to 
patriarchy. 

In this light, neither the murders nor 
Perkins' rather thinly-veiled masturbatory 
coming out is very surprising.lfhe's lucky, 
Perkins will go on to a good-paying job 
with Dow Chemical, Carghill Grain, or the 

Department Of Energy, where avenues of 
mega-death sublimation come with a job 
that was made for him . 

The murderers of the three women sim-
ply will or will not be caught by society (and 
history J that generated them and thousands 
of others that preceded and will follow. 
Meanwhile, Perkin makes the Guardian 
look responsible, and the murderers make 
pigs with automatics at UCSD look reassur-
ing. 

The Committee for World Democracy 
(CWD) works toward a world built on the 
rubble of patriarchy, a world in which not 
only Perkins and the murders are impos-
sible but also one in which men and women 
are enabled to see and understand each 
other asequal and unique expressions in the 
poetry and dance of life. 

CWD knows that patriarchy and democ-
racy are mutually exclusive and that one of 
the most fundamental ellpressions of free-
dom is in resistance to patriarchal institu-
tions and manifestations. 

Committee for World Democracy 

Pragmatism Be Damned: Choosing the Enjoyable Major 
By PHIL GR~EN. EdiIM-in-Chkf 

"You're a WMt?" 
"An art history major." 
"What the hell are you going to do 

with an art history degree?" 
"Oh,l don't know. I tigurethatooce 

1 get my degree, maybe I can figure out 
an interesting way to display the di-
ploma on the wall of my room. And 
then, after that, if I'm lucky enough, I 
can get one of those neat jobs where I 
stand around ina museumand tell people 
not to touch the artworks." 

This con~ always intrigues 
me. ForoOt.peoplealways act sUlprlsed 
- acommClluespoase is "Ob, I had ncP 
idea you ~ a V Icmajor!" - and for 
another, ~ al~ ask me wbal I plan 
to do with a Cfcgree iIi'8rt history. 

AU kjddjng as .. ] really don't have 
any intendons of pt,IISUing art histmy-
ar least from a C8fta'-relaIed standpoint 
- afterco1lege. My career goals remain 
focused iii the media. 

So why am I majoring in art history? 
The answer is simple: 

I enjoy it 
Most people aren't satisfied with this 

answer. They don't understand, if my 
career goals are focused on the media, 
why I would ~ an art history major. 
They wonder how I can find anything 
interesting aboUt examining slides in a 
dark lecture hall, attempting to fonnu-
late interpretaLiODS of silly pictures and 
ridiculous-looking buildings. 

But this is not the time to discuss illu-
minated manuscripts of early 14th cen-
tury France nor is it time to debate the 
ever-changing elements of the Post-
Modem Classicist movement in archi-
tecture. I'd rather discuss this degree 
thing. This career thing. 

"So ... wbal is your ~r?" 
"Poli sci, withaminorinEnglish lit." 
Now there's a really practical combi-

nation. 
Let's get something straight: at 

UCSD, your major, unless you're into 
math, science, or engineering, is going 
to make little difference when you apply 

for a job. It's the experience that counts. 
Ask any employer. When you go looking 
for ajob, employers will study your resume 
to find out where you have worked before. 
They may look at your major, but they care 
far more that you have a degree - or are at 
least working towards one - than what 
field that degree is in. 

I'll admit I'm being a bit hypocritical, 
for I do not have a professional job yet. But 
if - or when -1 do, I'm pretty sure my 
experience will land me a job, and not my 
major. This would be the case even if I was 
a television broadcasting major at 
Syracuse's higbly-repected Newhouse 
School of Public Communications. 

A major in communications at UCSD 
will not hurt, but it will prepare you for a 
media-related career no more than a major 
in sociology will. There is nothing wrong 
with learning about the adverse effects of 

GimtDIAN C~UP 
• 

television on modem society ,and how media 
may have created a hegemonic structure 
allowing it to influence societal thought 
during the Vietnam War protests of the 
1960s. 

But your sociology classes can teach 
you that. So can your political science 
classes. The communications major is a 
sociology major. It is a political science 
major. It is an anthropology major. Insome 
ways, which I'd rather not get into, it's an 
art history major as wen. 

Let '5 face it. We're talking about liberal 
arts subjects here. Majoring in these sub-
jects is not practical, nor is it career~ri­
ented. It rarely is. Students majoring in a 
subject which falls under the so-caJled lib-
eral arts umbreUa should know this. 

I've talked to some upper division com-
munications majors who absolutely loathe 
their major. They always complain about 
how many books they have to buy, how 
many pages they have to read, and how 
many papers they have to write. Some of 
these people are sticking with the major be-
cause they honestly feel it will improve 

their chances of finding a job in the 
media. But these same people discover 
- usually when it ' s too late - that a 
degree in communications is not going 
to help them land a prime-time spot as a 
network news anchor in a major market. 

Granted, a communications major 
with no experience has a better chance of 
finding work in that field than the non-
communications major without any 
experience, but the math major with a 
two-month stint as a photographer for a 
small-town rag under his/her belt will 
get the job. 

But we can't blame the UCSD Com-
munications Depanment for not direct-
ing its courses in a practical manner. 
This is a research-based, theoretical 
institution. It does not operate like a 
giant vocational occupation program, 
and many students are thankful for that. 

IfUCSD students really want to ma-
jor in journalism, accounting, or wood-
shop, for example, why not transfer to 
San Diego State? Or better yet, how 
about Mesa College? 

Get serious. Nobody wants a bunch 
of business management or accounting! 
finance knuckleheads running around 
this campus. 

A degree in art history, if I do weU 
enough in the major, may enhance my 
chances of attending graduate school in 
that field. But realistically, it's not going 
to land me a job as the curator of a mu-
seum unless I take a number of non-
school-related steps to attain such a 
position. 

But I enjoy my classes in ihe depart-
ment, the professors are good, the mate-
rial is fascinating, and, well, the 7: I ratio 
of women to men doesn't hurt at all. 

lfyou're majoring in something that 
you don't enjoy, switch your major. It's 
not worth it to suffer thrdugh four, five, 
or six years of college. 

nr" Uc;sn G""rtl"" Close-up ap-
pcan cacbMOIlday and is written by 
a different staff member each week. 

The UCSD G_",#If" weicomes your letters and commentaries, Drop your letter at the G_,.II;If1J offices (on 
the second floor of the Student Center, where the A.S. offices used to be) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor, 7l1e G_nl;If1J, 
B-016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Letters should be typed, double-spaced, and should include a signature and phone number. We reserve the 
right to edit letters for length and clarity. Deadline for letters for Monday's issue is noon on Friday. Deadline 
for Thursday's issue is noon Monday, 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

Why does Dr. Stuart Zola-Morgan receive thousands of your tax 
dollars every year to turn monkeys into amnesiacs? 

Every year,over 
40,000 
animals cUe in 
UCSD's 
research labs. 
They are 
burned,blinded, 
poisoned,and 
killed in 
research that 
is often of no 
benefit to 
human health. 
Paid for with 
your taxes. 

Dr. Zola-
Morgan's 
experiments 
offer no benefit 
to human 
health. But 
they do produce 
large salaries 
and articles in 
scientific 
jounals. 
Meanwhile ,the 
monkeys sit 
alone ,awaiting 
their fate. 

ing one on campus WI your money ut without your ge, 
Learn why the laboratory doors are never open. 
Learn what UCSD doesn't want you to know. 

Demonstrate against closed doors and closed minds. 
UCSD Open House.April 29.11:00 AM,Basic Science Building 

Bring a small gift ror the animals. 
S nsored b San Di 0 Animal Advocates 940-1450 

EAR L WAR R E N M E M 0 R IA L S Y M P 0 S I U M 

presents the 

DeWitt Higgs Lecture 
featuring 

CHARLES R . LAWRENCE, III 
Professor of Constitutional Law 

Stanford Law School 

speaking on 

"Fighting Words - Racist Speech" 
Professor Lawrence's writings 
are in the area of race 
discrimination and race 
protection theory. He is 
co-author of The Bakke Case: 
The Politics of Inequality. His 
latest article IIlf He Hollers Let 
Him Goll will be published in 
the Duke Law Journal. 

Wednesday, April 25 
8 p.m. 
Price Center Theatre 

Free and open to the public. For information, call 534-1704. 

Monday, April 23, 1990 

Commentary 

The Sandinista Sunset 
By JON HOUSE 

Over two monlhs afler Ihe Nicaraguan ele lions, Cenlral America 
walchers Slill speculale over Ihe reasons for the vi lOry of the UNO 
coali tion al Ihe poll ?n Feb. 25. What willihe fUlurc bring? 

Inadequale survcys hamper efforts 10 foml a clear piclUre of whal 
happened. Poll taken bOlh before and after Ihe election~ were not 

. helpful. 
Lou Adamo, a San Diego residenl and member of Ihe Inslitule for 

Technology and Developmenl, acled as an election observer. II was his 
second Irip to Nicaragua. and he was as shocked a people in Ihe U.S. 

"I never had any doubls about Ihe Sandinislas winning," he said. 
Adamo UlTived in Managua on Feb. 20 and slayed for several days 

after Ihe eleclion results came in. 
The FSL (Freme Sandini~ta Liberacion Nacionall covered Man-

agua wilh propaganda. Its supporters painled slogans on the sides of 
buildings. tacked them on billboard . . and carried Ihem al rallies. The 
aggressive campaign forced the message of the coalition of the most 
prominem Opposilion parties UNO - Ul1Ido Nacional Oposicion-
into Ihe background. 

The Sandinislas sough I ree!eclion on a pledge 10 conlinuc theirsocial 
revolution. Adamo wa~ impressed with Sandinisla achievemenls and 
said, "The public welfare programs. Ihe zeal of Ihe support from Ihe 
people. the rallies, the Iremendous propaganda effort all show Ihal the 
revolulion conlinues:' 

Adamo claims that when repre~enlalives of UNO gave ~pt;echc~ they 
were vague ami unconv1l1cing. At a [all.. given to members of hiS group. 
represemallves of several different parties under the UNO umbrella 
spoke. According to Adamo. "They didn'l have much 10 say. One wa\ 
emertaining and another simply repealed whal he had ~ald al a pleviou~ 
meeting with our group. Afterward ... lhere couldn ' I be any doubl how the 
election would go." 

U 0 periodically complained of it1limidalion from SandiniSlu offi 
cials while the govemmem accu ed Ihe Contras of tlying 10 scare the 
people inlo voting for Ihe opposition. Adamo said il was difficult for 
foreign eleclion ob ervers 10 verify repolts, which were usually received 
too late to investigale. 

During the campaign the opposition repeatedly condemned Ihe 
eleclion process as unfair. In response to the complainls, the Supreme 
Elecloral Council of the Sandini ta government made some changes in 
the rules of the contest. 

At the beginning of the campaign, the governmenllegalized several 
political parties. The council allowed the Opposilion 10 use national 
television 10 publicize its platform. It forced Sandinisla newspapers 10 
soften Ihe violent language with which Ihey accused UNO of encourag-
ing the Contra war and harboring members of the Somcza death sq uads. 

Eleclion observers from the Uniled Nations worried Ihat a peaceful 
comest mighl nol be possible because of Ihe emotional debate, inlensi-
fied by cOnlinuing warfare. A report compiled by Ihe observers said Ihat 
the electoral process could become "just one, and not Ihe only, mecha-
nism for deciding who is to govern." 

The morning of the vote people lined up al the polls before dawn. 
Adamo said Ihat proceedings were orderly al each of the four polls that 
he visiled. Six poll workers and aileasl two fiscales (poll wJtchers) were 
on duty al each station. 

The procedure for the ballOi wa bullelproof, according to Adamo. 
Voters made Iheir selection by marking an "X" next 10 the name and 
standard of the chosen party. There was no provbion for making a 
correction. Adamo said Ihat Ihe simple and democralic voting process 
in Nicaragua "reinforced my prior conclusion thll Ihe counlry was 
exemplary in terms of social justice." 

But despite their concem for Ihe welfare of the people. Ihe Sandin · 
istas losl. 

In the end, Adamo said the Nicaraguans vOled "for UNO, for 
Washington." 

They wanted an end 10 Ihe war, and an improveme11l of economic 
condilions which Ihey feared Ihe FSLN, wilh ils bud relaliol1s wilh Ihe 
Bush administration, would nol be able to provide. 

Nicaragua suffered 30,000 casuallies during Ihe Sandinisla revolu-
tion and somewhere between 25,000 and 30,000 more during the 10 
years of Contra war. 

The victors in the election - Violela Chamorro and UNO - must 
now overcome the opposition of Ihe Sandinislas, who remain Ihe mo t 
powerful political force in the COU11lry. They have 39 seats in the new 
assembly compared to UNO's 51 . The coalition government needs 62 
votes to Ihrow out Ihe Conslitution and 55 to merely amend il. 

In addition, since many different political panies make up UNO, 
Chamorro likely will have trouble organizi ng her supponers 10 face the 
challenges ahead. 

How much support will the new governme11l be able to counl on from 
the people who elected it? 

Many are happy wi th Ihe benefits Ihey have received from Ihe 
Sandinislas and don't want 10 give them up. Daniel Ortega ominously 
declared thai hi s party will conlinue 10 rule from below. 

A taxi driver in Managua told Adamo Ihallhe andinislas had Iried 
for 10 years and d idn 't succeed, and Ihe people were not salis fi ed. Bul 
he warned thallhey were not "going Iu give up anything Ihey had gai ned. 
I have a gun in my cab, I have a gun at home, and nobody will lake 
anylhing away from me." 

Monday, April 23, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

FELLOWSHIPS: Profs Study Watergate, Marine Life CREDIT 
Continued from page 1 
look interesting, the student 
can make an appointment with 
Clabby or one of the other 
advisers. 

Continued from page 1 
Ihe John Simon Guggenheim Me-
morial Foundalion. 

The foundalion, in its 661h year 
of givi ng fellowships, awarded 
bolh UCSD fellows over $25,000 
each 10 pursue Iheir projecls. 

Both Spilzer and Schud on 
expressed their satisfaction with 
being named Guggenheim Fel-
lows. 

"This was Ihe third lime Ihat 
I've applied for thi s award," 
Schudson said, indicaling that 
colleagues encouraged him to 
conlinue applying. For Schud on, 
the Ihird time was a charm. 

Spitzer, although glad Ihat he 
was named a Fellow, expressed 
concern about Ihis year's dislribu-
tion of fe llowships. 

"I'm happy to win the award, 
but I'm disappoinled that such a 
small number of natural scientists 
were selected," he said . 

"SIill, it's fitting and appropri-
ale that an enterprise as prestig-
ious as the Guggenheim Founda-
tion would reach out and identi fy 
scholars in all areas," Spilzer 
added. 

Schudson, who has wrinen two 
previous books. will work on both 
his Walergate book and another 
book in a four-quarter sabbatical 
Ihat will begin at Ihe e nd of this 
quarter. 

"The fellowship will allow me 
10 lake a quarter off from leaching 
in order to work on the book," 
Schud on said. He added thai the 
other three quarters of his sabbati-
cal will be spent writing a history 
of American political education, 
funded by a separate grant. 

Schudson explained why Ihe 
lime is rig hi 10 explore how we 
view the Walergate scandal. 

"W e lived through Watergale, 
and saw the hearings being tele-
vised - il was like a calaclysm ... 
an earthquake. By now,a lot oflhal 
has faded. Maybe the whole thing 
was exaggeraled," he sa id. 

Schudson indicaled Ihat his 
work will use Walergale as an 
example of how the pasl affecls Ihe 
present. 

"The book will look at how 
Walergate has influenced legisla-
lion, such as the creation of Ihe 
posi lion of special prosecutor. That 
position was created in a sort of 
congressional frenzy following 
Watergate, and some people of a 
conservative bent now say that it 
shouldn 't exis t," he said. 

Schudson also e'(plained that 
Ihe book will discuss how joumal-
iSIS remember'W atergate. 

"On my bookshelf, Ihave books 
by all so rts of people - Nixon, 
Dan Ra ther, Woodward and Bem-
slein ... I'm going to ask if there is 
a myth or memory of Watergate 
that was crealed by Woodward and 
Bernstein, and if that myth has 
influenced journalism in general," 
Schudson said. 

Schudson also plans 10 address 
Ihe effects of Water gale on popular 
culture and everyday people. 

"Memories of Walergate are 
everywhere in the world. !fthere's 
a government scandal anywhere, 
the name 'gale' appears. There are 
examples ofil in the Uniled SlaleS, 
such as • Contragate,' .and even 
instances in Germany and South 
Africa," he said. 

While Schudson probes inlo Ihe 
memories oflheAmerican people, 
Spilzer will be probing the nerv-
ous systems of marine animal . 

According 10 Spitzer, specimens 
of Oikopleura, his subjecl, have 
been fou nd in the water al the end 
of the Scripps Institute of Ocean-
ography pi er. Oikopleura is a 
chordale, an animallhat has a spi-
nal cord bUI no backbone. 

According t Spilzer. Sludying 
the Oikopleura will give him new 
insight into how nervous systems 
develop by observing how nerve 
cells aller when the animals are 
still in embryonic stages. 

"Because the Oilwplellra pro-
duces a new generation of breed-
ers every three days, while our old 
subject- the African clawed frog 
- has a generation time of one to 
two years, we will be able to study 
mutalions much faster than we 
could ever do before," he said. 

Spitzer explained that in addi -
tion to the speed at which 
Oikoplellra reproduce, thesimplic-
ity of Ihe crealUre also makes it a 
preferred subject. 

"Each Oikopleura has only I ()() 
neurons, while a frog has millions. 
II 's amazing thai an animal can 
work wilh so few neurons. The 
Oikopleura doesn'l play Ihe vio-
lin, but it's still a fairly complex 
creature," he said. 

The embryonic nerve cells of 
Ihe Oikopleura will,Spitzerhopes, 
help explain how nerve cells be-
come sensiti ve to different neuro-
lransminers, chemicals Ihat are 
used as the mode of communica-
lion between differem cells. 

" We'll also be measuring Ihe 

developmenl of the abilily of nerve 
cells to make action pOlentials, 
which are what make nerve cells 
'fi re' and Iransmit informal ion to 
the next cell. The ability is some-
Ihing that is acquired by cells, and 
we'll be Irying to see how nerve 
cells acquire il," he said. 

Spizer and Schudson will re-
IUrn 10 UCSD fu ll -lime during Fall 
Quarter 1991, andWinler Quarter 
1992. respective ly. 

The OAP office advises all 
students interested in study-
ing at another university to co-
ordinale their study plans with 
EOP advisors so Ihat transfer 
credit problems can becircum-
vented. 

• (fjfi 
ROBEa,T'S 

SAAB 

® German, Swedish 
Japanese Service 

All Work Fully Guaranteed _ Factory-Trained Specialists 

Mon.·Fri. 7 am·5:30 pm 

Saturdays 8 am·5 pm 

(619)275·1132 
4630 Mission Bay Drive 

(1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

" K8ndaII MCJaoa 
w. UN cuuJ recOlft.lJMM 

Jte>Nloll~ /ubrica.JlJ. 
to our cu.to~" 

VISA' 

• 
----------------------10% OFF on all repairs* 

with this coupon . 
-Except motor and transmlSswn overhaul. Not ualid with any other coupon. 

Itls COMEDY. .. It's THEATRE ••• It's VAUDEVILLE ... It's ... 
Revelle Sundry Store 
n~w has what you've 

been waiting for. 

The *CompIete 
Wor~s of ~illiam 

qakcspc,!!£ 
Q 

1 HAVEABALLOON 
/\ND~I?' DON'T ru 

£{.f.ig"t " 

Mylar· $2.50 ea 
Latex 10" • .60 ea 

Balloon baker's dozen 
Buy 12, get one free!! 

(Latex balloons only. Expires 5-30-90) 

Hours: Mon. - Thurs. 7:45 a.m. - 9 p.m. 
7:45 a.m. - 5 p.m. 

10 a.m. - 2 p.m. 
Fri. 
Sat. 

ALL JB PLAYS IN ONE El1ENING! 

May! 
Wed. 
8pm 
Mandeville 
Auditorium 
G.A. $10 
Sr.CIt. $8 
St. $6 

presented by W4£ ~dtuceb 
~4ltkesp£ltr£ orO. 

UCSD 
Box Office 
534-4559 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 23, 1990 

Features 
Students Motivate Children to Pursue College 
Operation Shadow Hopes to Give Junior-High Students Realistic View of University Life 
By SANGEETA MEHTA 
Sta!fWriter 

"Operation Shadow" involves neither 
surgery nor groundhogs, but rather UCSD 
tudents motivating local schoolchildren to 

pursue a college education. 
On May 2, Lincoln Middle School stu-

dents will follow, or "shadow," college 
student volunteers through a typical day on 
campus to experience the various facets of 
college life. 

Operation Shadow was organized by 
Outreach, a branch of the Associated Stu-
dents External Affairs Office. 

Disability Awareness Week 

The purpose of the project, according to 
Outreach Manager Pauline Liang, is to 
motivate San Diego County schoolchildren 
who are less likely to attend college. 

According to Liang, Operation Shadow 
is only a part of Outreach's activities this 
academic year. Other activities include vis-
its to local junior high and high schools "to 
encourage the kids to think about college 
early." 

"We give a presentation in an Oprah 
Winfrey talk-show format when we go to 
the schools. We actually use Oprah 
Winfrey's theme songs, and [say] 'The theme 
today would be going to college,'" Liang 
said. "The UCSD students act as the panel; 

the kids play the audience and get involved. 
It 's a basic exchange of ideas." 

Following the presentation at local 
schools, Outreach presents a slide presenta-
tion featuring dorm life, academics, and 
social aspects of college. 

Liang said that through interaction with 
children, the UCSD students attemptto dispel 
myths about higher education. 

"There is so much curiosity and confu-
sion about college. Kids are already caught 
in stereotypes. They think that you have to 
be a straight-A student or wear thick glasses 
to be able to go to college. We break down 
these myths and motivate them to see things 
differently from what they are used to." 

Some children tend to disregard the 
idea of college specifically because of their 
gender, according to Liang. 

"Girls are already thinking, " don't 
need to go to college because I'll just get 
married,'" she said. 

"One girl wanted to know about how 
she could become an executive secretary," 
Liang said. "We asked her why she wanted 
to be just a secretary and why she [didn ' t 
want to] try to be an executive herself. Her 
face lit up, and it was obvious that she had 
not even thought about the possibility. 
These girls seeing women in college who 
are seeking professions inspires them to 

See SHADOW, page 9 

Facing Reality 
Disabled Students Deal With 
Challenges of Everday Life 
• By Julie Puzon 
Guardian Reporur 

A face-paced game of basketball 
was played Sarurday in the Main Gym, 
but the players weren't running down 
the court - they were rolling towards 
the baskets. The Southern California 
All-Star Wheelchair Basketball Game 
kicked off the beginning of Disability 
Awareness Week. 

The week is devoted to " increasing 
the awareness of and sensitivity to the 
abilities and needs of students with 
disabilities," said Connie Wilbur 
Burton, director of Disabled Student 
Services. 

The activities this week will hope-
fully "open people's eyes to the 
realities a disabled person faces," 
Burton said. 

Burton feel s the importance of the 
week lies in its message about issues 
concerning the physically and mentally 
challenged. 

important aspect of campus life that 
needs to be built upon," Burton said. 

Disability Awareness Week was 
organized by the UCSD Disabled 
Student Union (DSU), which meets to 
discuss issues which affect the 
disabled both on and off campus anp 
learn about opportunities available to 
the handicapped. 

Members of DSU hope that the 
awareness week will not only help 
students learn of the challenges facing 
the 35 million disabled people in the 
United States, but also draw more 
students to their meetings. 

Both Bunon and Robbie Gimblett, 
an assistant with the Associated 
Students Outreach program, are opti-
mistic about the outcome of this year's 
events. 

"I don't see any reason why it 
shouldn't be a smashing success," 
Gimblett said, noting the months of 
planning by both the DSU and 
Disabled Student Services. 

She hopes that as the campus 
continues to deal with issues of 
diversity, the needs of handicapped 
people will not be forgotten. 

"[Disability awareness] is an 

Burton added that she expects this 
year's awareness week to be more 
successful than before because "we're 
doing things we haven't done before." 

See DISABILITY, page 9 

UzlarlslOuardill1 

Organizers of Disflbility Awareness Week plan to inform students about the 
challenges facing the 35 million disabled people in the United States. 

Group Aims to Prepare People for Engineering Field 
By JONATHA.'II TRAYNOR 
Guardian Reporter 

Tau Beta Pi - a nationally 
recognized engineering honor 
society - is soon to become a 
reality at UC San Diego. Tau Beta 
Pi was founded in 1885 and is 
considered by some to be an excel-
lent and prestigious organization. 
Its members include II Nobel prize 
winners and 37 astronauts. 

Currently, students involved 
with the group at UCSD are calling 
their organization Tau Beta Spi 

until it becomes a full-fledged 
chapter of the honor society. 

" We are interested in giving a 
scholarship to maybe the top stu-
dent whom we think deserved it. .. 
and evaluating the engineering 
department a little bit like C.A.P.E. 
does," student member Daniel Haas 
said. 

Other planned activities include 
company speakers and participa-
tion in high school job fairs. 

"What we are trying to do is get 
the students to know their faculty 
and professors, and know whatthey 

are doing - what direction they 
are going in their research," ex-
plained Fang-Cheng Chang, an-
other member of the group. 

The funding to pay for the ac-
tivitie will come from a number 
of different sources, according to 
Hass. 

"The money we get for these 
activities [in part] is going to come 
from the [engineeri ng dean], part 
will hopefully come from spon-
sors, and a major part will come 
from the money students will pay 
to join the society," Haas said. 

The requirements necessary for 
membership in the frat.emity are 
stringent, Haas said. 

"We look at. their grades and we 
take the top eighth of the; junior 
class and contact them. [We inter-
view] the remaining that are inter-
ested ... from there they are elected 
into the society," Haas said. 

The group plans to take part in 
high school job fairs, where mem-
bers will answer questions chil -
dren may have about engineering. 

"Among all the activities we 
are going to do, the high school job 

fair is actually the hardest one to 
carry out, because right now we do 
not have an exact idea about how 
we are going to do it and where we 
are going to do it," member Anto-
nio Liu said. 

"We are not trying to make 
everyone go into electrical engi-
neering," Chang commented. " [We 
want to tell students] what it takes 
in order to prepare them for engi-
neering. And along the way tell 
them what it's like in college, and 
give them an idea of the engineer-
ing curriculum." 

Monday, April 23, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Rimas UzigriS/Guardian 

Through activities, students experiment with how disabled people cope with everyday situations. 

DISABILITy---------
Continued from page 8 

Today blind musician Clarence 
Bell will speak in the Price Center 
Plaza from noon to I p.m. Afterthe 
speech, a Disability Film Festival 
will take place in the Price Center 
Ballroom until 4 p.m. 

On April 24, a "Disability and 
the Arts" exhibit will be featured 
in the Price Center Cove Room 
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. In addition, 
awareness activities will be held 
from I I a.m. to I p.m. in the Price 
Center Plaza. At noon, speakers 

will discuss disability rights and 
the independent living movement. 

The puppeteers "Kids on the 
Block" will perform from II a.m. 
to noon on April 25 in the Price 
Center Ballroom. Another Disabil-
ity Film Festival will be then held 
from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. 

On April 26, a guest speaker 
will give a presentation in the Price 
Center Cove Room at 2 p.m. 

The week 's grand finale will be 
an assortment of activities collec-
tively named "Come DANSE With 

Us." (DANSE stands for Disabil-
ity Awareness Noontime Simula-
tion Event .) The activities will in-
clude a performance of songs in 
sign language, an information dis-
play, and disability simulation. The 
disability simulation activity in-
volves volunteer participants who 
can experiment with how disabled 
individuals cope with everyday life 
situations. 

"[I would strongly] encourage 
[everyone] to participate in and 
attend the events," Gimblett urged. 

SHADOW---------=--
Continued from page 8 

think of their own potentials." 
Boys also often have wrong 

images of the importance of going 
to college, Liang said. 

"A few of the guys think they 
do not have to go to college be-
cause they want to go into the 
military, which is so glamorously 
depicted in the movies. But they 
don 't realize that in order to be-
come officers they have to have a 
college degree," Liang added. 

MuirCultural Society President 
Orren Webber, who plans to take 
part in Operation Shadow, said 
some chi ldren are intimidated by 
their financial situations. 

"A lot of them don't think they 
can go to college because they 
can't afford it. They don't know 
what's out there as far as money is 
concerned. There are organizations 
that will give out scholarships -
it's just a matter oflocating them." 

A language barrier alsodiscour-
ages some children, Liang said. 

"Many think that they cannot 
get into college because of their 
poor English-speaking abilities. I 

'A few of the guys 
think they do not 
have to go to col-
lege because they 
want to go into the 
military, which is so 
glamorously de-
picted in the mov-
ies. But they don't 
realize that in order 
to become officers 
they have to have a 
college degree.' 

- Pauline Liang 
Outreach Manager 

We act as peer models and not as 
authority figures," Liang said. " We 
mainly talk about ourselves, share 
our own experiences - what 
motivated us. They can always find 
someone from our group to iden-
tify with. Generally , we encourage 
them not to be trapped by their 
limitations." 

tell them how when I first came to Besides breaking down the 
the States, I could not peak Eng- myths concerning who can or 
lish. When they hear me ay this. should go to college, the students 
they think, 'She speaks perfect in Outreach attempt to explain the 
English - maybe I can too. '" realities of college life. 

Liang added that Out reach "They don't think it would be 
members try to talk to the chi ldren fu n. They think it would be all 
on their own level. tudying, but [we stress that] it i 

"We don't go there and lecture. not like that at all- there are a lot 

ofsocial aspects," said Liang. "We 
also discuss the freedom and inde-
pendence in college, for example, 
how they do not have to go to class 
everyday, and how there are no 
school bells ringing to tell them to 
go to class. 

"We talk about not just the 
academic growth, but the social 
and inner growth that comes with 
college," Liang said. 

Liang mentioned that "the kids 
do ask kooky questions, like ' How 
are the girls looking?' and 'Is the 
cafeteria food as bad as ours?' But 
a Iota k very good questions. They 
are responsive." 

Reiterating the purpose of the 
discussion between the UCSD and 
junior high students, Liang said: 
"We mainly want to encourage 
them to think about coUege, to start 
talking to counselors ... to start 
planning high sc hool courses 
needed to go to college. 

"We are not recruiting them to 
specifically go to UCSD, but we 
encourage them to explore higher 
education through junior colleges, 
technical schools, San Diego State, 
etc. We talk about how there are 
lots of things they can do with 
themselves with an education." 

The final project for the aca-
demic year to motivate and en-
courage the junior high students is 
Operation Shadow. Teachers and 
coun elor from Lincoln Middle 

See SHADOW, page 10 

TV COLLEGE 
presents 

FEATURES 9 

General Biology 
Intro to Humanities 

Oceanography 
Intro to Psychology 

Real Estate Principles 
Registration Begins May 7, 1990 

Gasses Begin June 25, 1990 
Available on: Dimension Cable - Channel 28 

Daniels Cablevision - Channel 35 

CALL NOW!! 
(619) 744-1150 or 727-7529 
Ext. 2431 

I' 

I II 

I 
." 

~ Corne Onc, Come 51((!! ~ 
:!Exry;b;urI b"yc t1c. §o,;d.!:i for I[r<-Lt;Ja: AnU?rDn;~m 

~" T~nc5t ([r", ft. s ",nJ ']I-LmJuJ"rc." 
']\:monstr;lt;orlS o· ([?c!' 
~o.¥lour,... trou.b;1Jour". :lItd'1Pb,!Jcr!' t.D :wJc: "/'td in.spire 

'}heJe! Ie 5 trDupc: .,' !5'ponl.l",,; t..Y 
'\[cmvu-tions o' t1' p~1..1tC ,,?.JII ",bound 

Our 'Jy[erry 1estivities wi({ 6egin at 11 a.m. 
vn 51.prif 2~ J 1~J90 

at tnt Wam:n Ql;laa 
-;::::====--~.& • ....'~;======. 

I 



10 FEATURES 

• ALL YOU CAN EAT $385 
Lunch Buffet 
(Mon.-Sat.) 

• DINNER SPECIAL $1 00 
(an);' dinner Mon.-Thurs.) ... 
• MOTHER'S DAY-special notice 

Wo '/I ~ "Ptn SundQY. MDy 13 
for Q sp<rin/ -food buffrl 

3310 Governor 457.3533 
(romer of Governor It Regents) 

per r 
15~ Laser Prints 
.1.UIda vour studant I.D. 
0Kv good tIwough 6/9190 

4150 Regents Park Row 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

457·1007 

Lonclon 
• • rIs 
F.1Inkfurt 
VIenna 

$591 
$61' $650 
$67. 

Madrid $61. 
Fares are roundlrip. Restrictions do applyl 

Ask . bout our USSR 
student tours lYra.., from 

$41'1 
CcudTlauli 

UCSO PRICE CENTER 
(by the Post Ot1lcc» 

If you have RECENTLY had 
any Infectious or Sexually 
Transmitted Diseases, you 
may quaify to EARN CASH 

and ~ us ~ othels. 
FOR FREE TES1'WG & MORE 

INFORMATION CALl 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 23, 1990 

SHADOW-------------------
Continued from page 9 
School have selected the40eighth-
graders whom they feel would 
benefit the most from participa-
tion. These students comprise three 
groups: children who are college 
bound, those who have discipli-
nary problems, and Chicanos. 

'We don't go there and lecture. We act 
as peer models and not a s authority fig -

Interested 
in Writing 

for Features? ures. , - Pauline Liang 

The students will arrive at 
UCSD at 9: 15 a.m. on May 2. 
After listening to speakers, they 
will pair up with college students, 
the ratio being one college student 
to two kids. 

The children will then attend 
lectures, go to dorms, or do what-

ever their e corts typically do. 
"We have visited [Lincoln 

Middle School] a couple of times 
and talked to the kids; they know 
who we are. We are doing the 
rever e now: ,hey can see where 
we are coming from." 

"Operation Shadow will bene-
fil both the college students and 
the kids themselves," Liang said. 

6 Minute Prints! 
• Prints from color prints 
• Prints from B&W prints 
• Enlargements from slides 

7523 Fay Ave. 
Vans Shopping Center 
459-0696 
Open 6 days a week - gone fishing on 
Sundays I 
We accept UCSD purchase orders 

• Proof sheets from slides 
• Overhead vue-graph slides 
• Enlarge or reduce 

Some straight 'A' 
options from EFG 

l' 
Guaranteed and non-guaranteed loans. Lines of credit. 

Flexible budget plans. Given the high cost of higher 
education , It'S essential [0 have more than one . 
financing option to cover your tuition costs . That's 
wh y The Educational Financing Group of 
Manufacturers Hanover offers a straight 'N 
lineup of options designed [0 help 
you achieve your academic 
financial objectives. 

It's as easy as EFG; 10 one else 
offers a more comprehensive 
range of options. Because no 
one else understands your 
needs bener than the 
Educational Financing 
Group. Ca ll us at 
1-800-MHT-GRAD 
and go [0 the 
head of 
the class. 

EqllJI ()pl~'rtl""" I.en,,", 
~lcmhc, 1'1)1( : 

\ 

Outreach Manager 

"It does not take much time out of 
the college students' routines." Call James 

Webber said that children will 
hopefully benefit greatly from 
Operation Shadow. 

or 
Doreen 

"It can open the eyes of these 
students, [push) them in the right 
direction," he said. at 534-5226 

F or more information, ca1l534-
4450. 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279-5955 
D' AGNESSA Insurance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 
San Diego, CA 92111 

ALSO: MEDICAUDENTALITRAVEL INSURANCE 

Achievement 

Educational 
Financing 

Group 

Monday, April 23, 1990 

SERVICES & WORKSHOPS 
MONDA V, APRIL 13 

1:J8.1_ .... -IIIPOLAR GROUP. Thb is for -.. who hoW 
boon di:Iposed .. llavlnc • BlpoIor di_1OCI .... beift, __ for 
5arN. tWIn addiIeliat will be ropin, wilh the pu&. preaem, t'uI..re. and 
hVln, .with Of wIchouc rnedK:a&ion. Lcd by Dan Munw and Linday 
Calderon. Call Oon it ,534-1,51'/ for InfOf1l1llion .nd Ii,n up. _ 
Colle .. 1'10_', 0fIice. 
t: .... 1:JI ..... - ADULT CHILDREN OF ALCOHOLICS AD· 
VANCIiOlHIlRAPYGROUP.O""plhorropyror .............. ..-up 
in ItIlkoholic family envirotlmeat...- "'tblO work on penonal j..., 
In. oupponIveond 1_ .. vl_. Led byJeoMo _.nd 
CryuAI Su.-. Call I ..... II ,5.l4-JOl,5 ....... """""'" .... _ 
RaIriucd 1:I,).aula dllikltea oIlJcoholicii wba hne ~yioud)' bren in 
Individuo!or_lhmpy.1003G .. lniollliaiL 

l:tt.J:Jlp.oo.-IIEGINNtNGASSERTIVEN£SSTIlAINING.AIInIO-
,_ .......... -.hop when: ..... ;';1_ .. _,h, opcei/Ic: .Idlls 
""" ... dcoipod 10 Improve IheiT .biIl.y .. _nia .. willi ..-
sa.deall w;U be atM 10 dlstift._ bcnweII ..... ive, UiCIftIYL ..... 
non--lSlICftiw behavior. Itara 10 $01)' no, and develop productive ways 10 
communicate IhoughlS and feelings. Led by Equilill Luke. '~249. Cltl 
Equilla for information. Revelle FOf'INI Lounce. 

3: .... :JO p. .. - RED II I (RECOVERING FROM EATING DISOR· 
DERS) GROUP. This poup il for $Iudenu who are beyond ~aullf 
pluem~ of bingin,. diet;n,. or purain, but who want 10 continue their 
self·devclopme." Ihmu.h increASed levebol iharina and trUSI. The IfOtJp 
will ~m 10 experience feelin,so( Ire:ua' inlinw.::), and self.acceptance. 
L.ed by Beverl)' Harju wilh U, Ohlrich. Call Bevnly at 334-6493 for 
informalion :md 10 )iian up before conlina 10 the It'DUP. 1003 G.lbrahh 
Hall. 

4:tJt.5 :JOp.m.-CHICANIl. HISPANIC. LATINASUPPORTGROUP. 
Toptcs will include: academic mocivillion. gren mana.emenl. reladon-
ship enNncemcnt. and thec:hanainaroje ofHiipMle women in academic. 
Led by Lindsay Calderon. Call Undsay 31 S.l4-37SS ror Inrom,,"Ion.nd 
sicn-up. OavisIRivemde Rm. Price Center. 

4:"'5:30 p.m.- ADVANCED ASSERTIVENESS TRAINING. An 
eighl session ,roup (or studenlJ who httve It good understandin, o( lhe 
skills oras~nive communk:uion but have noc. been able 10 wccc:ss(ully 
prollCti""e lhe 5kills because of sclf-dcfcouinc thoushts and sel(-sabota,inS 
beNivion.. SuKlents will be able lOexplOfe lhe: thouahls and fcclina5 that 
in hibil lheir pr'.tCtKe of IIsKnive communicalion. Led by &tuilll Luke. 
!i34-{l149. ~I Equill:l For i.form.teion. Revtlk: Formal Loonce. 

5:a4:JI p. .. -BIRACIAL ISSUES WORXSHOP, A. eIpl_ 
-tohop for_o( radoIIymi .... bo<k.,- who _like .. 
..... .,,_ ... y.oldoll/nJwilh_....- .. _fyu .... 
r.» only. 1_ ol idondty, _Iy. and _ IOIoIiootIIipI wiU be 
addtw:uaI. St.admis wlB pMicipile in chwin,cUI'CUes an ~ 
in I arpponi ..... ~ Led by 0yIIlI ~, S34-0254. far 
bbKilI ....... 1 ..... cIhnk ....... Call Cry1IrII for • ~ 
~ bcfotc ...- "",,",,10 die __ 1003 GoIInidIIbII. 

TUESDAY, APRIL 24 

".... .. ... L .. -ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE MUSE PEER 
COUNSELING. A .. yoooonccrncd._._ .... """·, __ 
lO .. y1SlOpby.ndlct· .... k. V"",",,helplc..:lllo A.Ncpoo. __ ..-
_.For .... inf .............. IJan ... w.-.534-1035.TIiird 
CoIIcae Dcao', Off .... Rm UI1. 
1;te.3:J1p.-.-ADuL 18 MOI.ES"reD AS otlLDlU!N. A_fer 
_ .. ho"""I .... _iAdiI_or_bJ_ 
en, acquoi __ fIImIIy -"Ledby V ..... _,34-
1725.1iid DIone _. SJ4.)IN. Call y_ Of ~ for • ..-.. 
not)' lPJIOi_bcfcn........, ...... _ 1003 GoIbnith HoD. 

l ........ .....-snu;5S MANACJEMENTWORICSHOP. ThiI_ 
IIiopwiUlO<w ... _h" .... _o(dIe_ol_ ... ,.... 
U .. liidleomi"'Skills"'_ ...... ( ••• Iimr-" __ 
ooanitiveskilll). It is recommended that you participate in Ihis wocbhop 
bef"'" )'0\1 rcel OYcrwhclmed by ...-.s .. Led by Kolhy Koshimo. Coli 
Kathy tal S34-3585 for information. 

1:Jt.4:0I p.m.- ASIANJPACIRC ISLANDER STUDENTS' SUP-
PORT GROUP. This drop-In I'OOP is delianed 10 _,he_ 
of the Aslan/Plcirtc Islander ,..udmrs at UCSD in I problem-soIvin,lnd 
supponivc :UnmpheR. Issues such Is Kademic and carur mnccms, 
family s)'Slems in cultural lraMitioo. self idenlity. and Ih1ln, in two 
cuhuresas students m possibkdhcLlUion 1OpM."S. Led by .te..nneManese. 
Call Jeanne III 534-3035 for Information. Mounta.in View Lounle. 

3:Jl.5:. p.m.-ENHANONG SELF· ESTEEM WORKSHOP. This 
worbhop hu been des"ned 10 '-tIp individuals aencnlC and maintain a 
mote5l.abtc and hannoniouSiCnse of5CI(-Qtc:em in lhcirlivc$.lfyou feci 
Iho'lIOIhin, _liohed i. very,ood .11011.,.. 'hoi ,OIAI v .. idlllon ond 
approval from others art cnenaal (or your cxilterw.:e. and when your 
needs and WII\1$ fOl' survival JCI kJsr in the: junlk: of shouIds. then dais 
workshop is for you. Led by Reina hwu and Crystal Shannon. Call 
Rcina .. l34-3Im bcro.<Comln'lO .... ",,"p. 2141 HSS. 

J:Jl.5:0I p. ... -COPING SKILLS GROUP. The ,oil of 'his I'OOP is '" 
undent:tnd some ollhe w~'JS in which emotions. biolo&kal moods, 
colnitive IIUiludes and SCI'lltlteS, u well as behlvml panems interact 
10 either ClUte, or., solve probkms. This will be an active JrOUp usin, 

i~ and ·_ ~ ia.....,""" • ..u.w, _ aod 
___ LedbJa.-t)'HorjoIiid Y_MinoI. 
CallIIcvwIy 01 SJ+4I493 .. V_. ,534- t725 far .............. 
J"'IIIaiisiIIYiAw¥IoW .. r.oro ....... IO .. ~.(.'nor.a-mwc. 
..... :JI.... SOCIAI.I1tILlS 'MlIUCIHClP, ThifIll'!111 ..... 
.............. - .. -.. ..... _-'"'= .... -d_IIIiI..-_"'_lAdby......,~1DII 
E..- ..-. Call LiatIu)r .. 534-37"' or _ II 534-lB3 fer 
lnr-ion. 1003 0IIInI1II1IIIl. 

5: .... :38 ..... -AFRICAN-AMERICAN WOM~'S SuPI'ORT 
GROUP. A. informal ____ ~ .. _..,."or 
_ 10 Afrit:on/A __ EmpIIui' 10 .. """""' ......... 
liid_npabo,""'_.pct-.lIiid ___ .UCSO. 
Led by &iuill< 1.AIlte, 5)40G2*1.18d Cry.1II _. ')4.()2". Call 
Eq.U1 .... Cryac.1 (or loIomiuIon. Moumoln Vlcw Lounp. 

WEDNESDAY. APRIL 25 

I ..... II 'JO .. on.-LATINO/CIfICANO llIERAPY GROUP. ThiI 
arour de,I. willi I" .. , 0( Jdr-doo\Jl. ond 1 __ .. _ ....... ol 
liv",,, pomi ... r .... "y.MJclaI_i .... W.wlU __ .... ..... 
or main .. inin, .. _ produ<Ii • .,.. Led by Doll MIIIIOI, '34-tS79.and 
R .... J ....... '34-3175. Call OiIn or II ..... ,." 1_ ........ sI .. -... 
R.velle _', Bwidin •• 

1:00-3:00 p. ... - ALCOliOL AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE PEER 
COUNSELING, Are yoo (;ooccmed Ilhoulll (,;end ~u don'l know whaI 
IOUY? SlOP byand let'~ talk. You ean help! Cecilil A. N~pomuteno. peer 
roun~lor. F(M'man: in(omlltion \;0111 Jeanne Mlnesc III 534-J035. Third 
Collcac Dean', OfrK:c. Rm 109. 

1:00-1 :30 p .... -COPING WITI1 CIIRONIC ILLNESS AND PAIN. 
Thi ;roup is for siudents dealin, With chrome iIIocsl Of pain in their own 
li'WclOf 111 the IIvc) or S"i&nlricaftl oth(rs TopICS 10 be. addresJed Include 
polin/tress mana~Cm("lltthn~uc~. h.md!!n, depression ilOO k>ss.. deal-
loa with medicallrealmenl and devclClpln, Upport~y5Itm~. Coptn, sk ill 
devclcrmcm ~nd II Mtpponivc environment Will be cmphOl!Silcd Lcd by 
Jeanne ~1.ulC!ICoInd Carol LcBotuf Fora preilminaryuppo1nll1'lC! nl before 
l.'Of1lin» 10 lhe irouP plc .... c \:,111 Carol III 5,:\4-02.'\6. 'I.X)~ G.llbr:allh tlall. 

1 :JO-4 :00 p.m. ENERAL TII(RAPY GROUP FOR UNDER· 
GRADUATES A Viitt'~ly ,roup (Of undC'r\:rOOu:n~ studtnl~ y,-ho would 
h"e rouno,chnl .. , .I a:roup ronnal 1)11 how 10 '-'Ope "" llh !oU't-'..of'o Of 
t.'oncem~ in I"," tire:. .. or~ll -t\t«sn. rtlJnon .. hip~. a.:;WemK.~ lind soc!:&! 

IIUllUUfl\. l..cd by tTy!>I .. 1 h.Lnrl\.'If1 lind OavKi 8Ia~b.lnd C .. II ryMllllt 
534-()!..~ Of' OllVk! III 5J.t·JI)~7 for IIlfornwllon lind "I¥n~up. Abner. 
prelln"n.",), ~pp.: ... ntmtnll' 1'C;"C''';Lry l\cfl,n: t-Ofl\1n¥.10 lhe Croup IW' 
Galbtullh 11.111. 

The UCSD Guardian 

TheWeekly Calendar 
3:00-4:30 p.m.- ADULT CHILDREN OF ALCOHOLICS AD· 
V ANCED nI ERA PY GROUP. Group therapy rorsludenlJ who pew up 
in an Ilcoholic ramily environment woo wish to wont on personal issues 
In I supportive and intef'IClive environment. Led by Jeanne Mantse and 
Diane 8amcfl. Call Jt:lnne II 534-3035 berore comin, 10 the J1Otlp. 
Restricted to adult children of alcoholk:s who have previously been in 
ifldlvldull or &rouP Ihcr.lpy. Mounlain View Loun,e. 

4:00-5:30 p.m.-GENERAL "ffiERAPV GROUP. A ",,"p for under· 
;ndualc SludenlS who would like 10 explore lheir lhou,hlS Ind (eelings 
in a ,roup scllinl. Concernl common to sludcnlS which will be expklraj 
in Ihis ITOUP lnchlde developin, adull rebllonshipi with paRtill. cAplor-
ina rtlaltonships with peers. and ,ivin, and re«ivina reedbad.: 10 a:roup 
member. Led by Equilll Luke, !i34-0249. Call Equill. (orl briefprelimi~ 
fW)' appoinlment ber(R cornin, 10 lhe &rOOp. 1003 Calbntilh hall. 

THURSDAY. APRIL 26 

"00-11 :00 ..... - ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE PEER 
COUNSELING. Ate you conoemed lbexn • friend tKn don't know whlll 
touy? Stop by and )et'stalk. You can helpl Cecilia A. Nepomuceno. peer 
counselor. For more information call Jeanne MaRCie at 534-303!i. Third 
College Dean's Office. Rm 107. 

4:00-5:JO p .... -A DULTS MOLESTED A CHILDREN. II "OIIP for 
_ wholUlViwdrnoinlllioolior:lilldllood .. _by ....... -
!n ecqDIln.rfl anc.Vor ra..uy rnernbers.1.edby Miriam Io&up(WIdw 
I!_ r-. Cal MIrionJ .. 5J4.02!' ,." I ............. lOCI ...... up. 
1003 Go/IrnIIh 1IIIl. 

FRIDAY, APRIL 21 

IQ:O().tt:311 Lm. - RED I (RECOVI!RINO FROM EATINO DlSOIt· 
DERS)GROUP. no. ilpo,._rc_I-.hop r .. .-... who 
...... "' __ IW ... ollhcir ...... _ond ..... lhcyrlllybc 
Irianed aod moInuiaed. HIbit--. ............. buildl .. ..-. 
_ .......... .,... ........ _ ...... _wiUbc ...... ond 
pra<dood. Led by ___ Komi SiBiri aod ErIn Nelson. For 
1Aforma ... _dlepooip ... I_,Harju.534-2237. 102MAAC. 
Coolmnce 1t00li\. 

1 .... 1:JI ...... -ADUL T CHILDREN OF ALCOHOLICS PSYOIQ. 
EDUCATIOI'IAL GROUP. Thi. i •• ~ od .... 1ioaaI JTOIIP (or 

Ifuden~ who want to Ie.,. hQ .. beinl an adult chUd 01 .. Ilk»holic: has 
--' _ u.a. v,. will ........ fomlly dyIIImIco ond -. ACA 

~iAd..,oad_Ipo. ........ 1IIoacy and_,.... 
ldul' live, .. lIYoaod. Lcd by ~ BamculiOd y .... MinnL Coli 

~.I '34-lOO5 et YV.ilO II ,534-172.l before """,",," "'" poop. 
1003 Go/IrnIIh IIalL 

l:-.J:JI p._ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE GROUP. If 
you have ever asked "00 I have I problem?". chatM;es ~ you do have • 
few thinas to talk.lbouL Lcd by Dan Munoz and £quilla l..uke. Call Dan 
at S34-1 S79 few informalion. Revelle ProYost 's OffICe. 

4:00-6:01 p.m.--CAMPUS BLACK FORUM. An informal dis<ussion/ 
JUppon aroup which rotUKS on iswes. tonc:ms and eJipe:riences that 
ilffea the quality of'lifc of the African/American communiI)' atlleSD. A 
problem-soh' Ina and still-buikiin, Ipproteh is used to assiSI students in 
coplna wi1h academic. social, relationship. and family mane,., . Led by 
Phil RaphaellUld Cry5,,1 Shannon. For .dditional infonm.lion. tall Phil 
or Cry5Q1 ac $34-3755. Mountain View LounJC. 

ENTERTAINMENT 

MON DA Y. APRIL 23 

11 p.m..) p.IIL-Musician ClaRnc:e Bcll will5pCak aathe Price Center 
Plaza U pwt of Di5lbmfY AwlmlCSs Week I p.m.-4 p.m. Sit t.c:k and 
enjoy a disabUiIy (un festival It the Price Center Ballroom. 

TUESDAY, APRIL 24 

..... -4 ,. .. -Come enjoy lhe creations of diubled anJSIS It the 
Oisabilily .and me Am EAhibit in the Price .Centc:f Cove Room. 

I t ...... I ...... -W .. ..........-diohdllsh .......... oI ..... _ 
"'"_c-_._·"'.-.c..n."'dio-c..-...... 
lIiIIillldWll 

12~ __ ....... _Io ... diaobiIiIy_ond 
_yoo ....... I ..... _C-Iree ...... _ 
WEDNESDA Y, A~IL 25 

JJ ..... IJp.-.-KlDSON11EBLOCK .... beporr..-.. UCSD'. 
_c-...... Eojoy._showfarlD_ 
1,.a.3.....-Al_,..afDIodIIkyA_-.._-iI1li1r11_wiII .. _ iA .... Prioaca._ 

THURSDAY. APRIL 26 
J ........ .......-DI .. ....,. A __ .....u.-c..n._ .. 
_ ............. _ CIowC--'II'.lreel 

fRIDAY. APRIL 1:1 
Ua.-..l~ .. yc.o ___ -'_kl 
Como ...... pWid fi .... 0( Disabilily A_ Weot, Como o..oe 
.. ith us! Featurift. eneel1linmenc. siped-JOfl, perfonnuc:es. disability 
oJ .......... oclivilin. slid infonnolion dIspIIy .. II .. I rakH place ift .... 

),Revelk ptau and the besc pan is iI's free! 

ORGANIZATIONAL MEETINGS 
MONDAY, APRIL 23 

5:01 p.m.- M.E.O.A. meednl in the Ba1te~ Room of the Pricc 
eenler. 

TUESDA Y, APRIL 24 

':00..':01 p.m.- Are you prepared (or lhe job markct? AS 100emship 
OOj(,:e InfOl'mlllion Niahl rorstudents inleralcd in summer or fall quarter 
inlaTlihips. ~ Center. 2nd Aoor. Rm JAB (.bove IheaIer). 

WEDNESDA Y. APRIL 25 

.1:00-4:00 p. .. - The Israel Activities Comminee his .... infonnation 
tab&e ~ in the Price Center ftua. Come and talk with Jewish $Iudcnts 
lbout Jewish Jl(e on campus and opponunities ror visltin& Israel. 

MISCELLANEOUS 
MONDAY_APRIL23 
All Doy _ .... a-._ An alJ.4oy _.0( ....... of 11 .. 10-
"'lIvi1:11nu'_by~""uhy •• nd.l:Iff .. UCSJ). Thi'''n,,'' 
_hu_ .... _oI .... ai ..... _o( .... Jowi&ll""""'''''llylt 
VCSD. _c...... ...... I'm. 

THURSDAY. APRIL 26 

' .... -1:J1 p.an.--EorI W .... n McmorillSy_um 011 "The 1.> .. I"or 
.... Aill Am.ncIo .. nl.- 9:000 IO:)() .. m. ""od Di.tc\Jui..v1 il().2, )()p.m. 
_ Coun. Price C .. .., Ball ......... F .... 

FRIDA Y. APRIL 27 

, •• p ......... A kkk·oll _tOO "lilt Ida and Cecil 0 .... Focully Oub 
fora newly publiJhed book by Susan Allen, Annie Duminaand aa.n.n. 
Or~. UCSD HeWlh)' DKtf,-.,-DialJettl. The aUlhun ~ :all RCiiSltmi 

DtCltclan~ With lho lICSD OUlI\.:U Resc1tth Cenler fl"«. 

SUNDA Y. A~IL 29 
I1 ...... J p.DL-Open House .. lhe Gun FacullY Oub in conjucfion 
wllhlhtUCSDOponH ....... Sropbyfora IreelOOror .... rocUlrics. The 
Cub wi~ ...... IOfI dri.u for ..... 

HEALTH, FITNESS & RECREATION 
MONDAY, APRIL 23 

1 ....... 12 ... ___ Y ... ....,. """ )'011 .hould do ill So moke your 
oppointmcm for RTSTOP _ybye"'''' in., 50_ Hea(1h ... caltin, 
,Jot.. J824. This fitnell evaluation is ~ 10 ace moYin.l 

l ...... -SEX.SEX.SEX. SEX! lfit·son yourmind.ormon: impor1Uldy. 
in yow;bed,c:ome "lbinlaoontrol info-aon. You 'UlAmaboul &be ups 
oad down' (Illd u..1Ild ... ISI) 0I1Iie '- b.c. mcrhod. rtOm a fellow 
Srudcnt Heahli M."" .... Soudont Heal" Sc!YIeos. 2nd Il00<. 
TUESDAY, APRIL 24 

I ..... -11 .......... 11 lhe ..... k from _'" Thilll 0>lI0 ..... in,)'01I 
Wed'lGa 1oune1fin ....,.and .... FREEIJ ......... Ulllonbysi .. in. 
up ,." FITSTOl'! CoIl S34-II24 0<..,., by S-.. H .... h. 
I p.m.-Pe,er Piper pl,yed polley wi,h • plelhora or pcrlty pee". bu, 
putportedly pllyed proficiently puffin, on a prophylactic per penttnnion 
asl precaution preventina pesky parasitcsor pregn3llCy. Come tOil Sinh 
Control Info session 10 eel a free rondom and learn other ways 10 be 
prepared for pok.y. Siudeni H ... ,h Service •• 2nd floor. 

WEDNESDAY. APRIL 25 

11 p. .... -l p.m.-FITSTOP has asilihe answc-I'l for 'Iou when it ocmc::s to 
phy.sdal filnes! Sian up (or lhis FREE evlluation It the Student Health 
Conrero(c.1I S)4·1 824. 

I p.ra.-Ever skipped a month1 Hid. Ilrlfriend who hu? Il1'IQ.,ine lhe 
stress ofwonderin, if you ' re coing 10 be I parent; it's not wonh that one 
(un roll in the hlY. Come 10 an Inrormadon session to find om loblilthe 
many differenl kinds or convcn~nl binh conrrol methods oow :Iov:loilable. 
Siudent Heahh Servk:cs. 2nd noor. 

THURSDA Y, APRtL 26 

I p. .. -WHAT1 You've never had. pclvk: tltlm1 You can ,etexam~ 
ined free( ... Lab costs fewlhe PapSmeat)at Siudeni Heahh. Come 101 Well 
Woman session 10 leam euclly WNI happens durinllhe cumin.lion. 
:lnd to learn aobul other a:ood habits for lhe tare of)'OUr bod)" Siudeni 
HcoIllI ScMr:o&. 2nd n-. 
1 ...... -2 ..... -WIiy hlVell-' )'011 ..-~ ___ )'<1 for 
FITSTOP? Thio liIno .. cvoI ....... ;, .-.o:l)r FREEl So call 534-1824 
or uop by S.-.1IaIih ond Jake .......... 0( ......... tit .. ! 

REUGIOUS SERVICES 
TUESDAY. APRIL 24 

12 ....... t......-WodIIy T ..... -, ellA willi ~ 000. Slouid< 
OV-O( .... Jow\sh~c.r-.'UCSD. AII ...... 1oomo ro 1111. 
late'" _ ... _y Bi .... puIIon....tied by die Jewish COIIIIIIII-
lIiIy.502_ 

12 ....... IJLra.-BibleSIlllly ·<liriIIiIMwho .. 1o .... _0( ~ w. 
.. _ ........ IIIidyolhilIil1iJivio._E_ ... ili:dll'li<l c-_,. 
TUESDAY THROUGH SATURDAY 

5 ...... -CAlHOUC MASS. S~ by .... CodIoI.,SNiIcn, c-. 
.....nyI1UCSD. UoI..nIty'-"'hawl ChuIdi. CamerofN. "tom:y PIiIn 
and La folia _ Doiw. 

WEDNESDAY. APRIL 25 

, P.nL- Student supper ho5tcd and lCNed by lhe Lulheran Conwnunit)' 
at UCSD. Everyone is welcome. Univen:ily Lutheran Church, Comero( 
N. T ..... y Pinos and La lolla Shores Dr. 

, p.lL- BibJe sludy continues on Fim Peler. led by Campus Pallor John 
Huber. Open to In. UniverJily LUlheran Churth. Comer of N. Torrey 
Pinc:. and La Jolis Shores Dr. 

• P.IIL- Color slides on "Tnc:ing Our Relicious ROOts IOAbraham and 
Jesus in the Ancient Shrines of Modem Jsnel" will be presented b)' 
Campus Pastor John Huber. Free and open to everyone. lIniven.ity 
Lu .... "" C1iorch. Comer 0( N. Tomy Pine. and La loll, Shore. Dr. 

t:18 ..... --CANDLEUGHT MASS, A quiet, meditative time (Ot' $hat~ 
ina with othen. Sponsoral by the CathoUc Siudeni Corrwunity It UCSD. 
Univc:rsityl..uthetan anlrch. Comer or N. Torrt.y Pines and La JoU. 
Shores Dr. 

THURSDA Y. APRIL 26 

. 1 ..... ·1 p.m.-Jewish Campus Cc:nlCB Inrormation Table in Revelic 
PloD. Come and ...... Rabbi [lou, SIotnic:k. 0im:1Or or ,he Jewish 
c...,..~.UCSD. Thisil .... y ..... _IbouIJewiUI u. ... _ 

M ..... -nE 11IVRSQA Y DINNI!R. ~ food • ..-
_ . 5""- by .... c....._~. UCSD. 
UoiwniI7 IMhma CIIun:Io; c.r- ol H. T __ .... La lalla 
Shosos Dr. 

' ...... , .......-c.s. Lewis Scud)' - SprirIf Quonor JoiA wilb lIS U we 
_ .. ~Ltwrlfer ... _, __ LewIs helpo __ 
_miads .. _"'_of .. ~ .. _-w.l8dhowlO.",,", 
i .... 0irisIian. J( )'01I1Ia ... oopy pIoooe brin, iI ... 1oh yoo ... BI4 ~ 
_ ... c.m.,... MAAC. Spoa_ '" U_ c.ap. Mlnisay. 
7 ..... --e-.. _oni"0idui00 ............. p·.~ ..... _ 
_ .. Thb week _ .. ftyi .. iii _ Nh, .... _ ol8lack 
.....,... raioisay ror tVCF iA 1110 U.S •• _ wiD .......... .... 
( .... !y. USB l611. 
7:JI ...... -BlbieSoudy-I!j>i~coIIc .. _ W .... lylllble .. 1IIIy 
and _rilly _ Info: fro BiB Mohod)·. 56.5_1. Sc EIlzobolh's 0.-. 2125 _ Aft.. SO. 
FRIDA Y, APRIL 1:1 
5.....-Leove -. Uoi_1 LuIIoaoa C1iotdl fet ovcm"blcampin, 
trip 10 the Anu·Borrelo Desert. Retum afier lunch Saturday. For'infOf" 
malion. call Pase« lIuber II 45J.().s61. lIniversity Lutheran Church. 
Comer or N. T ..... y Pines and La loll. Shores Or. 

'p ..... - FRIDAY NITE SOCIAL. ArI: you lookinl for someulin, (Q do 
on I friday nilhl? Looklna for new C'hnsuan rriend,' United Campus 
Mmhiay ponlORll free evcnin, supper and recrcalionlJ evenl. Mcctl 
,nd dcpon. ftOm lhe Cornpu MiniiO"y Off", •• S02 MAAC II 6 p.m. 
Wlarp! RSVP ror «u.ils. 

7 p. HA88ATSERVI Eanddinncrwilh One,. SllKient or,anixe 
Wllnn and In"male cphtanan Shabtxll celebnhon • WatTCn Apt\. meel· 
!RIm\. 

SUNDA Y. APRIL 29 
81. m..f'HIIOI.m.-EpI1COpl1Churth Worh IpSe,....k.e· Sunday Eucha-
nSi and P;,.nsh fcllow)hlp. Good S.UNru.an Eplacop.d Chuf\.h. 4321 
East,lIc ~bll 

8:30 • . m.-CATHOLIC MASS S"""somI by .he Cuho!.. ,udcnt 
CommuftllYlit UC."SD, Lnl'el")lty LUlncranChul\h, Comc,of~ Totrty 
PineJ tlnd LA Jolin fKft.~ Or 

11 

10 •. m..-Lutheran wOf'tJ ip seNt«. Everyone IS welcome , University 
Lulheron Church, Comor of N Torrey Pines and l.Il Joill Snores Dr. 

5 p.m..-<:ATHOLIC MASS. S"""sored by ,he Calholic: S,uden' Com-
munhy II UCSD.lIniversity LUlheran Chute". Corn«ofN. TOrTe)' Pines 
and La Joll. Shores Dr. 

9 p.m.- CATHOLIC MASS. S"""somI by .... Ca,holle S,uden, Com-
munaly :n UCSO. UniversilY LUlheran Church. CornerofN. Torrey Pines 
and La Jolla Shores Dr. 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
MONDA Y THROUGH FRIDAY 

11:"':30 p.",,-OASIS Readinc and SnKty Skills Centeroffersone·lo-
one Personal AuislIll'K."C for Learnin, (PAL) COflfe~nees 10 improve your 
skUb on lhe roUowin, lopics! time lIWl:I&emenl. lOll-sellin,. proJCCt 
plan",,,, :md or,aniution for ~;m;h. leclure note-lakin,. le"lbook 
reacHn,. preparin, (oreJi:t.ms ... nd le~·t;!kin, SI r:t.1eCie!lo. PAl..conrcrences 
are: rree and !Available by Ippointment For more inform:r.lion. caU !i34-
7344 or Sl"" by USB 4010. F .... 

8:~:JO p.m.- Whether yoo want 5OnlCOI'Ie coedil your paperOf' help 
you brainStorm. Scholars' Wrilinl Workshop can be or 5f:1"li« , Mtc:r 
tiftishitll your p3ptr f~ use of computets Is loJlilable (WOfd Perfect. 
Word5W). Computu illiten.les art we1come. assistance i~ provided. 
US8407G. To make anlppo1nunenrnll S34-134'. 

.: ..... :JO p.sa.-OASIS Writin, eo-otr ... r ..... rvi< ... forall UCSD 
S1udcnlS who need pre-wril.ina help. c:onf(ft'~ on cInUU; and ediling 
advice. We-cnPle allY kind ofwritin,and any kindofwririn, problem. 
Conferences are by appoinrmenc only, Eve-ninl appoinD'nltflt\ Dfe 3~ 
IIvailable, (For (ull runIC o( !lefYioes xe tM ba."k of me cum:nl cIau 
s<beduIo). CaIIl34-22t14 or come by S,udem Cen,er Bid .. II. Rm 21410 

mak~ :an IIppotl\tmenL This 5ttYice is 8\llilllble throuxMu' lhe quarter. 
SpontOred by lhe OASIS Writin& Ctnat:r. Free. (Also :l~aibble (\lenin. 
hourS). 

.: ...... 30 p.,,- The Lan,_ Pn>cnm prov\dt$ .. sIsIancc 10 Sludi:nlS 
whelK fUlfive '.n,uace 1. not En,lish and to Iho!Ie dotnl work in Italian, 
Jap3MIe. SpMish. Frtnch .. Getman. Hebrew :lnd. other bnguages. A 
dtaCnotric teSI on wr1tlCf1 Englistl :as 0 5CCOnd lan,uace is available on 

req~. 0111 !i).4..ll84 for- more infOf1'D:tlion. Sludenl Cenler. Blda. A. 
Rm 214. F ..... IAI'" Tucldoy oad Thu ..... y """nin .. , ':.lI~xro p.m.). 

~:""':OI p.m-SIGI PLUS. S)'SICiii' oIlruerocti~ Guid.lnc:c and In· 
formation 1$ a COfIIP'Itcr-brIscd prosramof CiJf'Ce'r inromwion dtsi~ 10 
help you clarify your Ml.ilI5, v;&l~ and occupation:" inlere)lS. For more 
inf0fTn3tion. come 10 Career Servict~ Cenler. S I 0.00. 

MONDAY, APRI L 23 

. 00OO •• m.-ON CAMPUS INTERVIEWING ORIENTATION If you 
IU't intereSted in p:micip:llinl in the Career Serviccs Center's on--ca.mpus 
interviewin, propn.m this quarter. il is mand.llary Ihal you 3.tlCOO one of 
these oricntations before you inlervtew, Free. 

I :" p.m.-ONCAMERA: PRAcnCING INTERVIEWING SKIlLS 
Shlll'pCft your inlCt'Viewinc skills by seein; aoo he:trin&: yourself on 
videot::lpe. Receive feedback from <Mher job seekers in Ihis ilrouP work-
shop. Prerequisite: InlCO'lcwin, Stills Workshop. Car"r ServK'cs Cen-
ler. Free. 

I :Jt.4:01 p.m.-DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS. For help finding de· 
!iintble pan· time employment. delc""inin, c:lIftr i:oals. sean:hin, for 
jobs or uplorinJ professional or J;roidu;ue school oppor1unilies. No;,ap-
poinunern ~essary. just walk-in. Calftr Servm Ccnler. Free. 
1:00 p.m.-TOO L1lTLE TIME· TOO MUCH STUDYING TO OO? 
The OASIS Reading Ind ~tudy Skill" Progr.un will have u workshop of 
lime Man3.lement 3.1 Wotrren Conwnon$. SlOP by:and ie3.m lOm:u.imize 
)'OUr snKiytime without h;&vina )'OUt~udies take conlrol of 'lour life. Free:. 

TUESDAY, APRIL 24 

I .. JI ..... -lHE MARKETABLE RESUME WORKSHOP. Learn 
bow I) conSD'\ICI :1 stalC--of-lhe-1Ut ~mc: ttw will mAke you st3.nd OUl 
rrom the crowd. Career Savi,," Center. Free. 

I ......... -UW SCHOOL: 1I0W TO PREPARE AND APPLV. 
Admissions prepatarion. procedures, :tpplka.rion slntrc,;es. and. iCk:etioCl 
ot tchoob will be discuJSoDd.. <AR:er Servica CeRler, FrYIC. 

I .............. -DROP.(N ADVISING HOURS. For IItlp wilh .,. ..... r 
..... job buIId .. a. I'C$UIDe .,..epanllon or eApforina pt1)fclllional or 
,.... sc:hooa opponunities. Nolppointnlltftt ne«SSll}',jUSI walk.i n. 
Carter Services Cen ..... F .... 

3." p.a.-SALESIMARKETING FROM THE BO'iTOM LINE TO 
1lII! TOP. AU i_ need .. 1.opcopIo. And 0111 aboul'lic variety or 
ala: opportuDiIies ft'om people who ~ wonin, in lhe ftekl. Cuftr 
-.c..-. m.. 

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25 

I ......... -QN.CAMPUS INTERVIEWINGORIENTATION. Jf)'Oll 
,"-.ad iftJll!!!i<ipario. in .... Carccr5ervu. C .... r'. on-compus 
irnorvlowi .. __ dii. _, k b _ICIY,hol you UlCnd one or 
Ihae ariefttMUn beIoft: you ina:Mc:w. ~r Services Ce ..... FI%e. 

1:~:tO p. ... -DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS. For help wi,h cam:, 
pis, job hunlina, resume prtpanhon or e)'plorin, prorcssionai or 
p1Iduaac SfO:hooi opportunities. No appointmenlll«'(SSlU'y,jusc walk-in . 
Ca.recr Services Cenler. Free . 

J:" p. ... -INTERNATIONAL lOBS. Wh.1 on: lhey? How do you g •• 
them? A panel ofwcn~n«led prorcS$iOO:lls provKk:s the inside Sf:OOp 
to work,", in the IloWl 'Yillile. Career Sef'Yic:el Cenler. Free. 

THURSDAY. APRIL 26 

9:3O . .... - INTERVIEWINGSKILLSWORKSHOP. Doyouncedhelp 
in preparin& ror job inlnvicws? Career Services Center will provide lips 
on the best wlys 10 pteKnt yourqualificalioni and wh:aI"lnd ofintCf'Ylcw 
queslions 10 expect. Career SeNices CCnler. Free. 

t:OO p.m.-ORIENTATION TO TEACHER EDUCATION PRO. 
GRAMS. K~ 12. IntefUltd 1ft lelchin,1 Find OU.L:lbout educacion pro-
anms and lhe ettdentiu.l process. C:areer Servicts CCnler. Free. 

1:304:00 p. ... - DROP· IN ADVISING HOURS. For help findin, de· 
sirable part-lime employment, delcrmininl ca.rec:r goals, job hunlin&. 
resume pttJlMlllion. etc. No appoinlmenl ncce~.ju~t walk· lA. Career 
Services Cenler. Free. 

J :_:. p.M.-OISCOVU.Y. In IIUs brand n<w worltShOp, you use 
your COfOIhOn HftIe (imuitiQn, expentnc:e and in~1licence) ro connect 
with «cupotionaI posslbdides !ha, .... ri. runher ""plonili .... Co..., 
Serviues Cenaer. Frw. 

FRIDAY, APRIL 21 

......... -ON-CAMERA:PRACI1CINGINTERVlEWiNGSKIW. 
Sharpen your I"..",ie .. in. ,kills by""'a ond he.in; YOll,,"lr ... video 
.. R~i~ frcdbock from ocher job snkc!)' in tbis JIOUP workshop. 

Prt~ulsile - Inttrvlewln., Skills WOfk~. Cllttt Service Cenlu, 
Fru. 

11:00 ..... - lHE MARKETABLE RESUME.l<am how 'OCOft"""1 
D. 'I1:ale-ol-lbe·"", resume Iha' will ",uke you &tand 001 (rom the crowd. 
Cl.reer Sef"YI\.'U Ceftter. FM. 

1:30 p. ... -EFFECTIVE JOB SEARCII STRATEGY 8Q'l, of ol l jOb 
.. aancle'l Ire: unadvcniscd.. Thi. work!ohop \\111 reach you lhe: most 
crf«llw w:ay to fioo them. Ca.reer Strvkt Ccnter. Frtc. 

1:304:00 p. .... - DROP· IN ADVISI G IlOURS. F«he'p .. ,III ., ... r 
,u.lJ~. JOb hunlin" rel>wnt prqw-.IUOn. ctc . ~o IIppomuul:ftI n(CC~;Ulry, 
j U\t walk-ln C'arttr Strvatt, Ctnler Ff'C'(. 



12 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 23, 1990 The UCSD Guardian ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 12 

ts Entertainment 
r-------------------, 
i ~~~~~§ The Evolution of Social Distortion 
i []]D~L[pQD~ 

~ a;:;, 

By JENNIFER YANCEY 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

and thieving. I had a heroin habit to adhere to, and 
before that I was a fuckin' wild youth, drinking and 
ding drugs. But now that I don't do that anymore, 
I can put my energy into other stuff. Also, we've 
learned how to play our instruments, and want to go 
and show that. 

~UEi±\Z 
_ 'We, tfie Peapf, of :J{15l.Tl1S, io tkdart that fift is trivial. :Htna, we are 

cntitlttf to many tfiin.gs, among tfiem tIU 'TrirnalPursuit of7rce Compact 'Discs. 

Social Distortion, one of the angriest and hard-
est-hitting punk bands to emerge from the early 80s 
Orange County scene, has metamorphosed. As op-
po ed to the abraSIve and rebellious ound of 
Mommy's Litlle Monster, the latest, self-ti tled LP 
from the band proves that the band is maturing with 
nme. 

"Slowly, but surely, our audience is maturingwith 
us," Ness cont inued. " It doesn't mean you have to 
become a wuss and a dud, and it doesn' t mean you 
have to be boring, but your va lues change. We sti ll 
have a lot of the same ideas, and that's the high 
energy and the fun and the angst. I think that's 
a lways going to be with me. When I'm 50 years old 
and I'm playing blues in some little fuckin' bar, it's 
still going to be there." 

It's simple. Just answer these questions. fill in the personal infor-
mation section. clip it out, and drop it into the envelope on the 
HIATUS office door in the Guardian offices, 2nd floor, Student 
Center. Entry deadline is 5 p.m. on Wednesday. What could be easier? The band started out as a quartet of "angry young 

men ," rebelling against their parents, the police, and 
society in general. A lthough they are no longer the 
same angry young men, the energy that fueled their 
rebellion is now channeled into their music. 

l. Uh. who aid " Frankly my dear, I don·t give a damn"? 

2. According to Monty Python 's ·'The Meaning of Life." every 
WHU\Tissacred? ______________ __ 

3. What movie discussed the airspeed velocity of a swallow "The only way in which Social Distortion has 
changed i that along with the times. our sound and 
our attitudes have matured," lead vocalist MikeNess 
explained after their show at Iguana's la t Friday 
nighr. "I think it would be very foolish for us to still 
be writing abour rebelling against mom and dad. I'm 
28 years old, and those aren't issues in my life any-

Long time Social Distortion fans may see this 
"maturation" as a Ie s than positive thing, but Ness 
explained the change of sound on the new album. 
"W e feel the only thing different about this record 
than our other stuff is that it was done right," Ness 
said. "This is exactly what we've been trying to do for 
a while. W e finally got it, it finallyfuckin ' worked." 

(African or European)? _______ _ 
4. What was the name of the Brady family 's dog? 

5. What director got his start on television. playing a char~cter 
named "Meathead"? _______ _ 

NAME: PHONE #: ______ _ more." The latest album, released on Epic Records, is the 
band's first LP on a major label. The q uartet was 
pleased with the treatment they received at Epic, a 
subsidiary of the C BS label. "CBS is great. They've 
really helped us," bassist John Maurer said . "All of 

Assorted Vinyl has graciously contributed the Ness went on to explain how his guitar playing is 
now chief recipient of his eternal anger and energy. 
as opposed [Q some of h is less desirable vices. "I'm a 
guitar player. I shouldn't beout stealing and fighting 
~ ____ pr~e~orW~weehlyqu~ __ ___ ~ 

Canadian Rocker to 
Prove His Merritt 

By JOSHUA ODiNTZ 
Staff Writer 

Canada has a tradition of producing rock 'n' roll mu-
sicians like Bryan Adams who take their musicseriously. 
Brantford's Scott Merritt follows in that line with his 
world debut album on IRS Records. Violet and Black. 

Merritt is currently on tour across the United States. 
but in tead of playing his songs as they appear on his 
albums. he has opted to do an acoustic solo tour. "I was 
a bit nervous trying to represent my songs acoustically," 
said Merritt in a recent phone interview. "but the 
audience seems to be open to it. I'm really excited by 
that." 

Although this is Merritt's first U .S. tour. the 32-year-
old Singer/guitarist/songwriter has been touring in Can-
ada for nearly 10 years. Violet and Black . Merritt's third 
album. is a good measure of his growth as a musician in 
the Canadian scene. 

Violet and Black maintains a strong rock sound to it 
without the overproduction found on many current 
records. "I try [Q go after natural sounds. but I also try 
to incorporate some technology," Merritt said .. 

The musician is happy with his current release. "I 
put a lot of time into it." Merritt related. "I can't really 
ay it's my best album, but it's the closest thing to the 

picture that 1 had in my mind." 
Mertitt could be called a combination of Peter 

Gabriel and Bruce Springsteen rolled into one. Like 
Gabriel. Merritt has a hypnotizing voice that plays 
upon the heart and captures the listener's imagination. 
Like Springsteen. Merritt conjures up ballads of his 
hometown and discusses characters who comprise the 
working force . 

"For me. the whole point of this record was to try to 
work in a more local way. to sing about what's up and 
down the sidewalks. My town [Brantford) is in indus-
trial decline," Merritt said. 

Merritt's music attracts the listener with itlj simplic-
ity and power. "Burning Train" and "Blue Field" discuss 
dreams and looking for shelter while the music appeals 

APPUCATIONS ARE NOW AVAILABLE 

to the listener to sympathize with the characters who 
face these ordeals. 

"I try to write in a way so everyone can understand 
without short-changing the audience. I try to pay 
attention to what's around and write about it. Basically, 
all of my songs started with me and my guitar yelling at 
the fridge," laughed Merritt. 

Four years ago. Merritt compiled a band which has 
worked with him since. both in the studio and on tour. 
The band, David Woodhead (bass). Doug Wilde (key-
board), Matt Zimbel (percussion). and Bob DiSalle 
(drums), are a tight group that provide the perfect foil 
for Merritt's mellow bluesy guitar. Although the band 
is not touring on this leg of the American tour. it is p0s-
sible that Merritt will lead them to Europe once Violet 
and Black is released overseas. 

Merritt's show at the Bacchanal should be a tour de 
force of serious rock music. a show that will satiSfy its 
audience to its fullest. 

CONCERT: Scott Merritt at the Bacchanal. Wednes-
day, April 25. For ticket information, call 560-8000. 

PRESIDENT'S DAVID JAY GAMBEE 
Undergraduate Fellowship 
PreSident's Undergraduate FellOWShip (PUF) 
This program's is designed to assist unusually talented 
undergraduate students to pursue studies and projects, under 
faculty supervision, during term time and/or vacations. 
Such projects may include research and/or creative activities. 
There are no subject restrictions. Project proposals are 
submitted to and reviewed by the Committee on 
Undergraduate Scholarships and Honors and a stipend 
based upon need, as determined by the cost of the project, 
is awarded to the winners. 

Memorial Fellowship 
David Jay Gambee Memorial Fellowship 
This memorial has been established from funds donated to 
UCSD in memory of David Jay Gambee, a former Revelle 
College student. Similar to the President's Undergraduate 
Fellowship Program, this fellowship is designed to assist 
undergraduate students to pursue special studies and projects, 
under faculty supervision, during the academic year and/or 
vacations. Areas of involvement include university governance, 
ecological va lues clarification, encouraging service in the 
community through volunteer activities, helping students 
through v lunteer activities or assisting students to participate 
in programs related to the Institute on G lobal Conflict 
and Cooperation. 

The applications for these fellowships may be picked up In your college Student FInancial Services Office, 
The deadline to submit an application Is May 18, 1990. 

Social Distortion (rontman, Mike Ness, riled up the animals at Friday's Iguanas concert. 

the last albums -- Mommy' s Uctle Monster and 
Prison Bound --were put out by us. on our own label. 
It's tough. and it's what it took to get it out. but at the 
same time we didn't have the credibility for the 
major labels." 

Ness added that the band had some concerns 
about leaving a studio where they had done all of 
their previous work. With a producer they were 
comfortable with, "all that worryin' was for nothin' 
'cause there was no pressure from them. They just 
said go in there and make a kick-ass record. and 
that's exactly what we did." 

Combining country and blues with their punk 
roots. Social Distortion produced an album that will 
appeal to a wide spectrum of musical tastes. as 
opposed to their previous albums that were directed 
solely toward a smaller punk audience. Ness wrote 
all the song~ on the new album, with the exception 
of a cover Johnny Cash's "Ring of Fire." In addition 
to Ness and Maurer, the band is comprised of origi-
nal member Dennis Danell (rhythm guitar) and 
Christopher Reece (drums). who, along with Mau-
rer. has been with the band for 7 years. 

The band proved that they haven' t lost any sort 
of an edge during their show at Iguanas Friday night. 
The crowd. densely packed into the smoky non-air 
conditioned club, loved all the material the band 
played. both old and new. 

Ness seemed pleased with the show. "It was fun 
tonight. A lot of energy - that's what we like. I had 
a blast - I could've kept going." 

The song list ran the gamut of their material. 
ranging from such classics as "Mommy's Little Mon-
ster" and the single "1945" to a brand new song 
titled "When She Begins." 

If a successful show can be determined by the 
level of screaming and the number offistsshaking at 
the band, then this show was·a hit. The energy level 
among the crowd was intense; there were stage dives 
before the band even came onstage, and approxi-
mately 75 percent of the bottom floor ofIguanas was 
a slam pit. 

The show was the best example of how Social , 
Distortion has matured without losing any of their 
intensity. When a band with alternative roots gets 
signed with a major label. the band's integrity often 
gets lost in the process. This is not the case with 
Social Dis[Qrtion. 

"We always wanted to become big. always. and 
now we're finally getting the recognition 1 think we 
deserve. and getting the respect ftom the industry." 
Ness said. "I don't term success as being rich and 
famous. For us. acknowledgement is more impor-
tant as a real rock and roll band, not some fuckin' 
punkerdunker band who ain't serious. We're fuckin' 
serious." 

••• 
In case you are wondering ... HtATUS 

is coming out on both Mondays and 
Thursdays because we care so much 
about you, our readers. It's true . We 
don't mind sacrificing hours and hours 
or our precious time because we know 
that you appreciate it. You have a need 
- the need to know what is go ing on in 
the world of Arts and Entertainment -
and only we can fill that need. So, read 
and enjoy. We·re doing this for you. 

...................................... 

Only in L.A .... Mayor Tom Bradley 
declared the week of April 20-27 as 
Janet Jackson Week. On the 20th , she 
was honored by the Chamber of 
Commerce with a star on the Hollywood 
Walk of Fame. Bradley explained, 'We 
wish to honor Janet Jackson for using 
her enormously popular music and video 
appeal of hard-hitting, dance-oriented 
tunes and lyrics to reinforce a positive 
social message to kids." 

................... ** •••••••••••••••• 

As if you haven't heard enough about 
Earth Day ... As a result of awakened 
awareness of environmental issues, 
changes are being made throughout 
the music industry. Bay Area concert 
promoter Bill Grahm claims . "We 
imposed [trash) recycling at the venues 
we control. During the course of the 
year, we deal with hundreds of 
thousands of people. and it adds up." 

Members of the band R.E.M. not 
only gave a Rlattorm to the 
environmental group Greenpeace last 
year. but they are now helping to promoi~ 
individual environmental efforts by 
sending members of theirfan club copies 
of the best-selling book compiled by 
the Earthworks Group.50 Simple Things 
You Can Do To Save The Earth. 

...................................... 

Rock and Roll good samaritans are 
sprouting up everywhere ... Farm Aid 
IV. which took place on April 7 at the 
Hoosier Dome in Indianapolis raised 
more than $1.3 million to help give some 
relief to American Farmers. The benefit 

was started by singer Willie Nelson 
five years ago, and over the past five 
years . over $12 million has been raised 
and for the cause, and over $9 million 
has been distributed to some 100 
different farm organizations throughout 
41 states. Some of the bands who 
performed in the benefit concert 
included the reunited Crosby, Stills. 
Nash and Young , John Cougar 
Mellencamp, Bonnie Raitt. and John 
Denver. Stirring the crowd to a near 
frenzy with a charged heavy metal 
performance. Guns N' Rosesonly said 
"fuck" a few times, out of respect for the 
somber undertone of the cause. 

...................................... 

On to something a li ttle more 
spicy ... Comedian Andrew Dice Clay 
has been doing exceptionally well with 
the release of his new comedy album. 
Clay's "The Day the Laughter Died" 
debuted at No. 130. If you heard any of 
the advertisements on 91 X about Clay's 
San Diego performance that was 
scheduled for April 24, HIATUS hopes 
you weren't too disappointed when he 
cancelled as a result of a back injury. 
He will make it back (no pun intended) 
sometime in August. 

..................................... 

Not only is he the drummer for the 
band Jane's Addiction, but a bike 
rider extrodinaire ... Stephen p,rkins 
proved himself to be both when he 
participated in the celebrity portion at 
the La Jolla Grand Prix yesterday. 
Perkins, sporting American flag shorts 
and a purple bandana. was just 
"hanging out and having fun ." 

The new album is due out in June, 
and in classic Addiction style, the cover 
of the album should be risque. One of 
the possible covers includes a close-
up shot of lead singer Perry Farrell's 
genitalia. Also. keep your eyes open 
for a new video, as the band will soon 
be filming in Mexico. 

-- Information compiled from 
Billboard Magazine and press releases. 

Your Decision. Your Choice. 
Will ,1 Hd\\dl'all VdC,ltlOll 

or Illg ,('Cell TV 
pllh r.ll'-,t' lip to S 1 -lOO 

111 Just 10 ct;l'lS I 
The Uhimate Cut! 

• Free Pregnancy 
Testing 

• Low Cost Early 
Pregnancy Test 

• Immediate 
Test Results 

• Pregnancy 
Termination 

• General or Local . 
Ane the ia 

• Affordable 
Birth Control 

• Student Discount 

T1te College line 
535-1379 

I'J';r;1 .L . ~nCriOlce 
FIImlly P!onning 

Associot!s 
Medico! Croup 

~:Fundr.' .... 
Conllllltmetlt; MInInNII 
_,: ....... 1,400 
eo.t: z..., '-tment 

c.npu. Ofpllzatlolw, c ...... 
1'nIta, .-ttIM All OCMC lit 

1-800-132.0128 and 
1-800-1110-8472 ext. 10 • 

Make every day 
Earth Day 

Summer Campaigns 
for the Environment 

Eam $2500-$3500. Help passlhe 
Clean Air ACI. lighlen pesticide 

com rots, :md promole compre-

hensive recy ling. Available in 

18 t3les & D .C. 

CailKatc at: 1-800-7S-E.AR1H. 

~ ju<nrju;tcd at a ju«e r wad:! r'MUi 
c .. a~ .....JM.u)' Acu:. cui. ~uMce 

1'U1&y ku'.ftajk> at ~ ~ ... 
-~"'II"n's Cuts .......... $4 OFF 

With This Ad Reg. $21.00 

Women's Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $26.00 

with selected stylists 

*PRICES INCLlJOE 
graphic clle shampoo,conditioning 

and professional styling 

457-3334 
1143 Viii. 1.1 Jon. Drive 

lo ... tl1l1 
In thel .. .Jolla Village Shopping CllflflN 



The Department of Literature 
University of California, San Diego 

presents the 

Annual Robert C. Elliott Memorial Lecture 

Henry Louis Gates, J Jr. 
W.E.B. DuBois Professor of Literature 

at Cornell University 

speaking on 

ON TRANSFORMING THE AMERICAN MIND: 
RACE AND THE CANON 

MonJay, April 23, JL 990 
8~OO ]p.In. 

Price CenteJr Theatre 

DAN MANKIN & MARK SACKm ARE 

AUDBVILLB 

MAY 16 
WEDNESDAY 
8PM 
MANDEVILLE AUD. 
G.A. $10 
STUDENTS $6 
UCSD FAC./STAFF 
& SR. CIT. $8 

~ZZ""'S7D'''' 
UCSD BOX OFFICE 
534·4559 

OUVEAU 
"AN ENTIRELY HIlARIOUS SHOW" 

The Son francisco Chronide 

International Perspectives on the 

Waron Drugs 
Free Public 
lectures 

What are the results of U.S. anti-drug policies? How are 
they affecting traffic and consumption? And what im pact 
are they having on other countries in this hemisphere? Two 
distinguished Latin Americans will offer judgments from 
the per.;pectives of Mexico and Colombia to enrich our 
under.;tanding of the international dimensions of this 
crucial problem. 

Hugo Margain 
Tuesday , April 24, 
7:30 p.m. 
Price Center 8a IIroom 

Hugo Margain is one of the senior statesmen of Mexican 
politics. He served as Mexican ambassador to the United 
States (1964-70 and 1976-80), as cabinet minister, and 
as federal senator. In 1988, he headed Mexico's delegation 
to the United Nation 's Conference on Illicit Trafficking 
and Drugs in Vienna. 

luis Gabriel Cano 
Thursday. Ap ril 26 
7:30p.m. 
Mandeville Audilorium 

Luis Gabriel Cano has received considerable intemational 
press attention as director of the crusading Bogota, 
Colombia newspaper EI Espectador. EI Espectadorhas 
attracted worldwide attention because of the repeated 
attacks against it by Colombia's narcotics traffickers, but 
has not backed down and continues to circulate in cities 
throughout Colombia. 

Phone 534-3400 for more information. 

Financing 
Your Education 
Can Be A 
Balancing Act. .. 
Talk To Us 
About A 
Student Loan! 

• Fast • Local 
We dare other lenders to beat us! 
If you need special help, we 
aren't a vague voice in New York 
or Sacramento. We're here and 
we help. 
FREE CRFDIT UNION 
MEMBERSHIP! 
We waive your membership fee 
and you enjoy outstanding flOan-
cial services from any of 22 
countywide branch locations. 

Call us for more info about 

Stafford, SLS, or PLUS 
546-2063 

or ask your Financial Aid Department 

"The Student Loan Store" 

(. 

M It&lon Fed<nJ It • $400 molL ... acdo. union ..t.d. h .. ........t !he odu<auoolaI commu,"., 01 San Diqo eourwy 
rot mote ltan jI qutAer oet\IUr'Y Rata, termI , COt"IdIIiocw,Ind tc:r'nOCa lUt,ct;l to cha~c. 

AlIIoIIW .ut,ect to aedat .pprovaJ 

Monday, April 23, 1990 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

ian, 8 -016, La lalla , CA 92093. 
You may also drop it in the sports 
editor's box at the Guardian of-
fice, located upstairs in the Stu-
dent Center, across from the gym. 

held to determine the grand prize 
winner. Those correct entries not 
selected as the grand prize winner 
will be considered runners-up. 

3. Who is the manager of the 
Seattle Mariners? 

WCLL playoffs on Friday? 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulations: 
• Send your entry on an 8J12 "by 

J 1" sheet of paper along with your 
name, year in school, hometown, 
col/ege you allend al UCSD, ma-
jor, address, and phone number 
to: Sports Editor, UCSD Guard-

• All UCSD students, staff, and 
faculty are eligible to enter, except 
for Guardian staff members and 
employees of Bj's . 

• Limit one entry per person per 
week. Entries must be at/he Guard-
ian by Saturday at 5 p.m. 

• The person who comes up with 
the most correct entries, as deter-
mined by the judges. will be de-
clared the grand prize winner and 
will be recognized when the quiz is 
printed the fo llowing week. In the 
event of a tie , a drawing will be 

• The grand prize winner wi/{ 
receive a $10 gift certificate from 
Bl's.Runners-upcanobtainafree 
pitcher of either Michelob Draft or 
soda when dinillg al Bj'sChicago 
Piueria, located in La l olla Vi/-
lage Square. A list of 0/1 winners 
will be posted at Bj's each week, 
and winners must show identifica-
tion to claim prizes. 

This week's questions: 
1. What is the nickname of the 

Utah Jazz's Karl Malone? 
2. True or false: Babe Ruth was a 

pitcher before becom iog an outfielder. 

4. Which team did the L.A. Kings 
recently defeat in the first round of the 
NHL playoffs? 

5. Which team finished with the 
best record in the NBA regular sea-
son? 

6. Where did the Clippers play 
before they moved to Los Angeles? 

7. Which team won the 1988 
NCAA Division J men 's basketball 
championship? 

8. Who holds the major league 
baseball record for stolen bases? 

9. How many consecutive Stanley 
Cups did the Edmonton Oilers win in 
the 1980's? 

10. Who did the men's lacrosse 
team defeat in the first round of the 

B POSAN DIEGO'S IRE ~TM 
The Book on Qualified Employees. 

Last week's answers: 
1. Janet Evans 
2. Sabres 
3. Wimbledon, U.S. , FrenCh, and 

Australian Opens 
4. Tom Jager 
5. Great Britain 
6. Washington Bullets 
7. Joe Dumars 
8. Cazzie Russell 
9. Wilt Chamberlain 
10. Four 
Last week's winner: 
John D. Gjata 
Senior, Warren 
AMES 
Manhattan Beach, CA 
Runners-up: Mark Bierone,Jim 

Gekas, and Tauras Radvenis 

, 
By all means, if Dad has connections, use 
them. If he doesn't, we're the next best 
thing. We're Hire Power, the multi-media 
source students are turning to for literally 
thousands of direct job connections. 

dreds of employers who 
subscribe to Hire Power 
will see it and read it. If 

for a message. Our computers will personally 
deliver it and make sure you receive it. 

Here's how it works. As a state of the art 
recruitment service, Hire Power will put you 
in front of hundreds of employers. In all 
kinds of fIClds, including business, fmancial, 
retail, medical, legal, and serVice industries. 

With our help, you'll develop a personal 
profile many times more effective than a 
normal resume. Then we'll publish it in the 

Hire Power monthly and 
include your pic-

ture if you wish. 
In rum, hun-

__ an employer thinks 
l"be~fftJmdll!l..!n/Ymcy ~co:;!:':!:!'~!::' you're a possible candi-
tJOtI and VI tmphuII. • 1-II'WICt, ~ cia r job his h :,-..:'=..';.w,.;.~':= te lor a' , . or er 

I.L.~, My-.,t.1ir in"..,.. :=~~:'::':"':= next step will be to call 
1_ ~b-I poeitIon itlSen Oq.> 
;! ~ ~ ~.:::: a! our computer base to 
oIrr me an opportUNry lOr ~ 
..........,...,"""''''' listen to an audio intro-
duction you will have pre-recorded. Through 
this introduction, you'll be able to enhance 
your personal profile with even more mean-
ingful infonnation about yourself. 

After listening, the prospective employer 
can then leave a message to arrange for a 
person-to-person interview. But don't worry. 
This isn't like depending on your roorrunate 

Persona' prol,'" s/1oWn above noc actual Siz. 

If you've done your homework, you 
know this kind of exposure is next to impos-
sible to get through a traditional employment 
service. So why not give us a call. For more 
infonnation on how to sell yourself through 
Hire Power, dial (619) 492-9700. 

Don't worry about the price either. Three 
months in the Hire Power monthly, including 
all the before-mentioned services, will run 
you just $79. And who knows? If you play 
your cards right, maybe Dad will pay for it. 



16 T he U CSD Guardian Monday, April 23, 1990 

A.S. UCSD BULLETIN 
-Paid Advertisemelll-

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
• 

BE TIIE REVELLE COLLEGE COMMENCEMENT SPEAKER! OPERATION S,HADOW : Pick up an application at the Revelle Dean's Office. Deadline to 
apply is Friday, April 27, 1990! Volunteers needed for Outreach Program in which college : 

studnts are paired with Jr. High School students. Eights graders : 
from MECHA OPPORTIJNITY, and ADVID Programs of Lincoln : 
Middle School will arrive at UCSD on Wednesday, May 2, 1990 . • 
They will shadow a college student through a typical university : 
life in hopes of being motivated to acquire a college education. : 
For more info: Call contact Pauline at 534-4450 or attend the · 

Interested in playing at Revelle plaza??? We will provide the 
sound. Sponsored by Revelle Noon Programming Board. Con-
tact Rosalind at 534-2519 or leave a tape at the Revelle Provost 
Office.! 

liS "llf)C'lllilltIINf. 
: INFO MEETING: On Monday, April 30th, at 6:00 to 7:00 pm in: :io FiND· our· MORE iNi=O·RMAriotl ABoUT e·VENTS: 
: Gallery B of the Price Center. : • • 
•• ••••••••••• •••••• •••••••••••••••••••••••••• CALL THE A.S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-48331 • 
~~~~~~~~~~;;~~~F~;;:;;';;;:~~;;;~~;:;;11 •• • • A~S: PROGRAMMiNG ·cOMMiTTEE ·MEETiNG· • • • 

GAINST FAIR TUESDAY, APRIL 24TH AT 5:00 PM 
MAY 2,1990 

PRICE CENTER PLAZA 
11:30 AM - 1:00 PM 

The "Time Against Crime" fair is an effort to promote stu-
dent safety and the prevention of crime. Activities that will be 
held on the Price Center plaza include displays of security 
and safety devices for cars and bicycles, s ecurity devices for 
computer, engraving services, a self-defense demons tration 
and other vendors and services. 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 
HA W All CLUB Luau season is in full swing! Come join in the fun , 
festivities, friends and food. The most upcoming luaus are April 28th 
(VFW's) and USD's on May 5th. Find out more at OUT general meeting April 
25th at 5:00 pm at the Berkeley Room in the Price Center or call 558-7032. 
Also, bring all T-shin ideas to the meeting! 
MECHA All graduating Chicanos/Hispanics/Latinos if you would like to 
participate in Chicano Graduation, meetings are held every week on Tues-
days at 4:00 pm at the MECHA Office in the Price Center. For more 
infonnation call the office at 534-4994 or call Rafael at 455-8255. 
L'CHAYIM QUARTERLY Needs an Editor for 1990-91. (No experience 
necessary) If interested, call Dave Green at 452-1346, or leave a message at 
xl. 46244. 
HEY THIRD COLLEGE STUDENTS: Apply now in the 
Dean's office for the position of Third College Student 
Council Student-At-Large for 1990-91 . There are three 
openings. Deadline to apply is Thursday, May 3rd. Inter-
views are Saturday, May 5th . 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

: llel1ce1.1<f ltQIlJj)~Il1tt.e 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

, II lilt 
~ptil 29, 1990 

1 1:00 am - 4:30 pm 
'UUJarrttt @ua~ 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

PRICE CENTER, CONF. ROOM #8, 3RD FLOOR 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• ALL CAMPUS • 
• • 
• BATTLE OF THE BANDS PART IV • 
: SWEAT ENGINE • Acoustic Alibi • EMPTY GLASS: 
• Rhythym Forte· SI'I'E • • 
• Chuck Roast & The Electric Brunch • 
: THURSDAY, APRIL 26TH, 8:00 PM : 
• *FREE* in the TRITON PUB • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

A.S. FILM SERIES 
Thursday, Aprll 26th, Only $1.00 

Price Center Theater 
3 Showings: 6:30, 9:00 and 11 :00 

"THE SEASON'S SMARTEST 
AND FUNNIEST FILM!" 

"ONE OF THE 
BEST OF 19891 " 

"TWO 
THUMBS UP!" 

"DAZZLING! 
HIGH-SPIRITED, HILARIOUS 

AND SCORCHINGLY 
EROTIC!" 

sex, lies, and videotape 
...... - ........................ 1 II '.:::'-::J c: __ .... c . ... - ~ 

ASSORTED 

" ENJOY THE S,LENCE" MAXI- SINGlE 
IlIONIGHT OIL-BLUE SKY MINING 

6. COWIOY JUNKIES-THE CAUT10N HORSES 
7. THE CHURCH-GolD AmRNOON FIX 
8. OtNGO BOINGO-THE OARK AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL 
9. THE MISSION U.K,-URvtD IN SAND 

Monday, April 23, 1990 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 17 

Baseball Trampled by Mustangs: 9-8, 12-5 
Costly Errors and Poor Pitching; UCSD Drops First Doubleheader of the Year 

By SRINATH SANDA 
SlajfWriler 

Let's just put it this way - UCSO 's 
baseball doubleheader against The Master 's 
College on Saturday was not a day for the 
defense. 

How else can you explain 34 runs scored 
in 16 innings? 

For The Master's, an NAIA school, it 
was a great day to pad statistics and run up 
some impressive offensive numbers, as the 
Mustangs clubbed the ir way past th~ pitch-
ing-short Tritons 9-8 and 12-5. 

It was the first time this year that UCSO 
(19- 10-2 and ranked 11th nationall~ in 
Division ill) has been swept in a double-
header . 

The very first inning of the doubleheader 
put aside any doubts as to what type of game 
this would be. 

With UCSD's Dann Eaton on the mound 
in the top of the first, The Master's Jeff 
Preston ripped a RBI single to bring in 
Sheldon Sparks. 

That play was quickly followed by Dan 
Bevins' three-run homer, as the Mustangs 
opened up a 4-0 lead. 

UCSO responded with Henry Jimenez' s 
RBI single in the bottom of the inning before 
being shut down by a double play. 

The Tritons had the offensive iMing of 
their dreams in the bottom of the second. 

With Mustang starter Rick Simpson on 
the mound, Chris Murphy and Ted White 
started the rampage by hitting singles. 

Shortstop Erik Judson fol1owed with an 
RBI single and then catcher Anthony San-
chez hit a floater over shortstop for two more 
RBIs to tie the game. 

Henry Jimenez, who went five for six on 
the afternoon, launched a triple for two more 

runs, and Ernie Isola ended the Triton scor-
ing with a RBI double as the Tritons vaulted 
to a 7-4 lead, 

UCSD then hit a dry spell w itth only one 
hit in four innings. 

Worse than the dry spell , however, the 
defense and the pitching also began to break 
down for the Tritons. 

Not only did UCSD commit several er-

rors, but with the Tritons leading 7-5 in the 
top of the seventh, the Mustangs got to 
reliever Rich Tomolonis for two runs to tie 
the game at 7-7 and force the game into ex tra 
innings. 

The Tritons then committed two costly 
errors in the ninth - both poor throws to 
first base - that resulted in two runs and a 

'9-7 Mustang lead. 

Grea BeDeS/GUardian 
Henry Jimenez found a safe way into this base, but on the day, the Tritons could 
not find a safe place to hide as the Master's Mustangs went wild and swept UCSD. 

How little is "a little bread"? Only $715 to $785:* 
How much is "a lot of Europe"? 16 days to London, Paris, 

the Swiss Alps, Florence, Venice, Munich, Heidelberg, 
Amsterdam and more. 

On Contiki's "European Highlights" adventure, 
~~ you11 travel with people your own age from the US., 

Canada, Australia and New Zealand. 
Stay at villas, chateaux and cabins. See the must -see 
attractions. And have plenty of free time to absorb 
the local flavor. 

To take a big bite out of Europe for a little 
bread, see your on-campus travel agent or call 
800-624-0611 (ask for Jodi) for details. 

Oland price only. Discount airfare from 1499 available from the West Coast. 

The Tri tons were able to put only one run 
on the board in the bottom of the inning and 
lost 9-8. 

The Tritons are normal1y a solid defen-
sive club, wi th the current group boasting 
the second-highest fielding percentage in 
the school 's history. 

In this contest, however, UCSD fi nished 
with six errors, including the two very costly 
ones in extra innings. 

The second game began much like the 
fi rst with The Master's racing out to an early 
2-0 lead on UCSO starter J .J . F isher. 

The Tritons responded with one run off 
The Master's Bart Jennings, courtesy of a 
Mustang error. 

The UCSD defense, again out of charac-
ter, then gave up two runs on two errors to 
bring the game into the top of the third 
inning. 

It was at this point that the pitching really 
collapsed. 

With the bases loaded and the Mustangs 
leading 4-1, Fisher gave up three consecu-
tive walks to virtually hand The Master's a 
7-1 lead. 

At one point, Fisher threw fifteen con-
secutive bal1s. 

The Mustangs left the field in the middle 
of the third with a 9-1 lead. 

The Master's ran the toll up to 12-1 until 
the bottom of the fi fth when Ernie Isola's 
RBI single and Steve Nowlan's three-run 
home run closed the gap to 12-5. 

That was as close as the Tritons could 
get, as Sam Minyard closed out the win for 
the Mustangs. 

"We were just very thin on our pitching 
today and we were behind on the counts all 
day. In addition, I think this is the worst 
defense we have played in a doubleheader," 
UCSD Head Coach Lyle Yates said. 

CDSIIIBtic & Family 
DEIITISTRY 
Take the bite out 

of you r dental concerns 
274-BlTE 
274-2483 

J{arriet ':T. Seldin, 'J),']v[,'J). 
CHAMPUS & most 
insurance accepted 
After work I After class 

and Saturday appOintments 

4453 C";IWIItIn' lieu 'Ird. 
(corner of Genesee) 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFfORDABLEI 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STIlDENT PROGRAM 

( \ I It" I II~" I 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Inswance Brokers 
J838 Camino Del Rio 

Nortbl315 



18 SPORTS 

INTERCOLLEGIATE SCORES 
BASEBALL (,a-1()'2. ranlced 111h n.t/onolty) 

The Mast.r's Collago 9-12, UCSO 8-5 
MEN'S AND WOMEN'S CREW 

al San DIego Crt)' Championships: 
Men'S races: 
Fresh NOV1C& Etghl USD 5.23.8, UCSD 
5:24.3, SDSU 5,37.5 
JV Eight UCSO 5 , 4.5, SDSU 5217, USD 
524.9 
VarSIty Eighl (Hartley Cup) ; UCSO 5 t 4.9, 
USD 5 :16.8, SOSU 5:22 8 
Women'S races ' 
Novice Four: SOSU 7:47.7, UCSO 7:49.3, 
USD No Enlry 
Varsl/y Four SOSU 7;05, USD 7:09.6, 
UCSD 7:,9 6 

XTRAMURAL SCORES 

MEN'S LACROSSE (12-5) 
Western COllegiate Lacrosse league 
Playo"s 
UCSD 20. UC IMne 4 
UCSO 81 UniverSJty of Anzona, late Scores 
not avatlable at press time 

WOMEN'S LACROSSE (12-12) 
ueso loum,rnenl Final 
UC Santa Barbara 10 UCSD 9 (overtime) 

NoVICe Eight · UCSD 6 " 2.3, USC 6 '20 8, 
SDSU 6:24 
Va,.IIY Eight (Wyan Cup): UCSO 6;09 , 
USO 6:23.9, SOSU No Enlry 

GOLF (ronked 81h not/o""IIy) 
al lorrey Pines North. 
UCSO 307, La Verne 322, Pt. Lorna 
Nazarene 337, Whinier forfeit 

SOFTBALL (18-13, ronked 100h nallonally) 
La Vema, -2, UCSD 0-3 

MEN'S TENNIS (13-9, r.n~ed third ",,"onolly) 
UCSD d. Loyola Marymount, 5·4 
ClaremOnl d. UCSO, 6-3 

WOMEN'S TENNIS (14-4, ranked 1st nallonally) 
UCSD d. Ocadenlal, 9-0 

MEN'S VOLLEYBALL (8-16) 
UeSDd. SanlaClara, t5-4. 15-6, 15-8 
UCSD d. Menlo" 5·4, t 5-2, t 5-4 

XTRA : THIS WEEK 'S EVENTS 
HOME EVENTS IN BOLD 
CVCUNG 

al Orango Coast Collago, Salurday-
Sunday, TBA 

SAILING 
Women's PCC's, FlylflQ Junior. at SDSU. 
Saturday·Sunday, TBA 

The UCSD Guardian 

ICA THIS WEEK S EVENTS 
HOME EVENTS IN BOLD 
BASEBALL 

GOLF 

., Soulh.rn C.Ulornl. Collego. Thursday . 
2.30p.rn 
YI. Cal St.t. SOn Beml,dlno (OH). 
Saturday, Noon 

al UC Rlverslde. Today, , p.m .. al Canyon 
Cre .. Counlry Club 
YI. C., St.t. Domingue. HlIII. Friday. 
1 p.m., Torrey Pines South 

SOFTBALL 
., Claremonl (DH), Tuesday , , p.m. 
YI. Col Stile San Bemordlno (DH), 
Friday I 1 p.m. 
., Col wlharan (DH). Salurday. Noon 

MEN'S TENNIS 
YI. Pomono-PllZer. Solurdey, ,:30 p.m. 

WOMEN 'S TENNIS 
vs. UC Santa Cruz , Saturday. 10 a.m. 

TRACK AND RELO 
San Diego Collegolt. Chompions,,'ps, 
Saturdav, 1, a.m. 

MEN'S VOLLEYBALL 
al Pacfic Coast Volleyball Conforence 
Champtensh,ps al Santa Clara Fnday-
Saturday, TIlA 

WOMEN'S WATER POLO 
al SDSU Tournament, Saturday-Sunday, 
AllDay 

S-LINE 
Continued from page 23 

For the first time ince the re-
gatta began in 1982, the men 's 
vari ty eight came away with the 
Hartley Cup,edging USD by about 
a hal f a boat length. 

In the race, USD, which has 
dominated the competi tion for the 
last four years, led through the 
lOOOm mark. 

SDSU sprinted, but USD staved 
off the Aztecs' rally , but died in the 
process, and UCSD rowed right 
through them for the win. 

Ina two-boat race, the women's 
varsity eight won the Wyatt Cup 
for the fourth time in seven years, 

Monday, April 23, 1990 

"murdering" USD by 15 seconds. 
or almost four lengths, according 
to Head Coach Jack Vallerga, who 
claimed that they could have gone 
four econd fa ter if USD had 
pushed them. 

After losing in close races in the 
women's novice four and the men 's 
frosh novice eight , and in the 
women's var ity four. Vallerga 
cited the women 's novice eight 
race a a turnaround point , after 
which UCSD won all the races. 

The women 's hovice eight 
bested USD by two length, and 
the men 's JV eight bounced back 
from a disappointing Crew Clas-
sic. and left SDSU two lengths 
back. 

What are you waiting for? Why aren't you 
prepared for 

theJob Market? --

. 

~~-1 
-1---_.,-

~~~~ 
Buy your spring quarter textbooks now! 

All spring 1990 textbooks 
will be returned to their 

publishers starting May 1 

Hours: Monday-Friday 7:30 a .m, - 6 p .m, 
Saturday 9:30 a .m. to 5 p.m . 

Closed Sundays & Holidays. 534-4557 

U,IVERSITI' 

Be prepared after graduation and let the 

Associated Students Internship Office 
help you choose an internship which will give you 
on-the-job training, practical work experience, and 
enhance chance for postgraduation employment. 
We have internships available in every major. All 

your que. tions will be answered on 

How to get an internshlp in San Diego for 
summer and fall quarter. 

Info Night 
is Tuesday, April 24 at 6p.m. 

Room 2 AB, Price Center, 2nd floor 
(above the theatre). 

Experience is the Key 
Make contacts and g t ah ad! 

For more info, oma t ASIO, Price Center, 3rd floor, or call 534-4689. 
LJCSD 

Rediscover your heritage at 
The Ivy League Torah Study Progralll 

Summer 5750 
June 18th thru July 29th, 1990 

Catskills, New York 
Admitted students will receive full room and board and $1,200 fellowship 

Briefing Session Friday, March 30 
On Campus Interviews Sunday, April 1 

The director of the Ivy League Study Program will be on campus Sunday, April 1 to interview students, 
both undergraduate and graduate, for admission into the Program. Students who have a sincere interest in 
exploring authentic Torah study and Jewish observance and their contemporary relevance are candidates for 
the Program. The Program is open to students who have minimal or absolutely no background in authentic 
Torah Leaming and Observant Judaism . . 

Students admitted to the Program will be provided full room and board and a $1,200 stipend. 
Candidates are invited to sign up for individual interviews and obtain Program infonnation and 

applications by contacting Marva Whitehead-Nash at the Career Services Center, 619/534-4939. Additional 
infonnation can be obtained by calling the Program office at 718-735-0237 or 1-800-33-NCFJE or by 
writing: 

The Ivy League Torah Study Program 
824 Eastern Parkway, Brooklyn, New York 11213 

Sponsored by the National Committee for the Furtherance of Jewish Education. 

Looking for something EXCITING to do this summer? 

Study Spanish in SPAIN! 

Earn 8 units of academic credit with the UCSD 
Summer Language Program in Madrid. 

Classes run June 24 - July 28, 1990. 

fee of $2,500 includes 
lodging, full board, and 

The program 
instructional fees, 
planned excursions. 

For further information, contact: 
UCSD Summer Session, X-004 
Univ. of California, San Diego 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0179 
Phone: 534-4364. 

Registration deadline: May 4, 1990. 

-



20 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 23, 1990 

Classifieds 
Classilled adveMlslng Is sold In 15-word 
Incremenls. The rale per 15 words I. SI lor 
students, $3 lor tac:u"y Ind staff. and $4 tor 
others. Payment In advance Is required ; 
therefore, ads must be mailed with a check 
(made payable to The UCSD Guardian) or 
presented In person. Please have exact 
change. Deadline. are 3 p.m. Thursday lor 
Monday's papar and 3 p.m. Monday tor 
Thursday" paper. The Guard/an reserves 
the right to retuse any adveMlslng Including 
but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more Intonnatlon call 534-5416. The Guardian, 
UCSO, 8-016, L.a Jolla, CA 92093. 

NNOUNCEMENTS 
ONE MONTH IN POLAND - HUNGARY 
- CZECHOSLOVAKIA - EAST 
GERMANY $1 ,495,inctu.de~air. These 
rates available for nonstudents alSo. 
Tibor, 444-8234; Ann, 459-0883. (412-
4/30) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth, education, prayer, socializing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Students! 
502 Matthews; east9fthe Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521 (4/2-617) 
Third College Semi-formal tickets now 
on sale in Third Dean's office and OHice 
of Residential Life. Don't miss "That 
Magic Moment. ..• April 28. Tickels just 
$10 each, but space is limited, so don't 
delay! (4/9-4126) 
Be the Revelle Student Graduation 
Speaker. Applications at Dean's oHice. 
Deadline: April 27 @ 4 p.m. (4/9-4/26) 

Scholarships/Grants for college area 
available. Millions go unclaimed yearly. 
Call 1-800-334-3881. (4/12-617) 

Writing helpl Professional, private, meet 
your deadline, your convenience , 
money back guarantee. Jim 481 -1 810. 
(4112-617) 
Need practical experience for your 
career job - and don't know how to get 
it? Come to the AS Internship oHice Info 
Night on Tuesday, April 24, 6-7 p.m. 
room 3AB (Davis-Riverside) Price 
Center (above theatre) . Get an 
internship for summer or fall quarter 
and get an edge over other students I 
Call AS 10 at 534-4689 for more inlo. (4/ 
16-4123) 
World Peace Meeting . -life and 
Teachings of Ogamisama. Gallery A-
Price Center. Sat 4/281 :30-3:30p.m. 
(4/19-4123) 

Aloha Muir Students! Hawaiian Show + 
Dinner ($3 Non-Meal Card Holders) 
Thursday April 26, 5 p.m. Muir Quad. 
(4/23) 

Experience true meditation Sahaja 
Yoga. WednesdayMAAC413(Al ) 7:00 
p.m. Receive self-realization. the unique 
experience which is your birthright. 
Details: 271 -4983. Free. open to the 
public. (4/23) 

Apply Now to be the Financial Director 
on the Third College Student Council . 
Applications available at the TC Dean's 
ollice. Deadline to apply: 4127. 4:30 
p.m. at the Dean's oHice. (4/23-513) 

SIN 6.66 for Alpha Omega legion 
membership and save "The Evil God" 
Actor Diviner P.O. Box 1123 Solana 
Beach. CA 92027. (4123) 

THIRQ COLLEGE students! Don't forget 
to vote for your representatives to the 
Third College Student Council. Vote on 
May 2 and May 3 in front of Peterson 
Hall from 10-4. (4123-513) 
Golden Kay Honor Society meeting 4/ 
26. 7 p.m .• Price Center Gallety A AU 
61d and new members,!Yelcome! (4123-
4/26) 

THE NEW GROVE CAFFE. Have you 
seen the expansion? We're now open 
to please your culinary budS! (4123-
4/26) 
Former U.S. Military Investigator. Gene 
Wheaton. will speak about the air crash 
over Ganger. Newfoundland in 1985 
that killed 256 U.S. Army Airborne 
soldiers and how it is tied to the iranian 
Arms Deal. Also . Tony Avirgan. 
Journalist and Christic Institute Lawsuit 
Plaintiff . updates the Costa Rican 
investigation into the la Penca Bombing 
that resulted in murder indictments for 
John Hull and Filipe Vidal. He will 
discuss the fu ture of Central America 
alter the Nicaraguan and Costa Rican 
elections. Monday. April 30. 7:30 p.m. 
Marston Middle School. 3799 
Claire mont Dr. at Ute SI. (1 block south 
of Balboa) . $5. 272-5974. (4/23-4/30) 

MED SCHOOL ADMISSION. MCATS. 
MEDICAL CAREER? II you are 
wondering how it all goes together. 
then why not join with Med School 
Faculty member. Doris A. Howell M.D. 
and discuss these and other questions 
in an informal setting on Sunday May 
6th at 6 p.m. This ·Career Conversation' 
is sponsored by the United Campus 
Ministry and limited to the first 12 UCSD 
students to respond. Call 534-2521 . 
(4/23-4126) 

There are startling similarities between 
the 1985 Arrow AirdisasteroverGander. 
Newfoundland that killed 256 members 
01 the 101 st Airborne and the 1988 Pan 
Am Flight 103 disaster over lockerbie. 
Scotland. that killed 270 people. Read 
about it in the Integrity Times (San 
Diego Constitutional Integrity Alliance). 
PO Box 90 114. San Diego. 921 09. Only 
$6 for a 6 month monthly subscription. 
( 4/23-4/30) 

RAFT THE RIVERS OF THE WESTII 
Cataract Canyon of the Colorado. the 
Yampa. Green. Go with Hatch who was 
the first to run the Middle Fork of the 
Salmon in 1936! Reasonable rates. 800/ 
34218243 . (4123-4/30) 

'iOUP ANO SALAD BAR RF'iTAURANT<; 

NOW WE DELIYER! 
UCSD PARTIES, 
LUNCHEONS, MEETINGS, 
CALL USI 
551-0100 / FAX 551-01 80 

WELCOME BACKI 
UCSD'S Original Soup Exchange 

Downtown La Jolla, 77T1 Fay Ave. wants you back! 
H .... • .......... y .. __ 't fl ................ . 

Come to downtown La Jolla, show 150/. OFF 
your student I.D. and we'll give you 70 

Not valid on deUveries. Expires 5/5/90. 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari Electrologist. 1200-1 500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-
1962. (4/2-513) 
PAPERS TYPED! Quick & affordable I 
$2Ityped double-spaced page. Call lJ 
Colony Resumes & Professional Typing 
Services. 455-8357. One-day service 
available. laser Printing l Choice of35 
typestyles! (412-617) 

TYPING!I!I I'll type your term papers 
etc. Quickty and inexpensively. laser 
printer. Call Jennifer: 558-6090. (4/9-
4/30) 
Polish your prose! Editing, proofreading. 
expert word processing. Merilee's 
Editorial Services. 277 -9229 alter 3 p.m. 
(419-4/23) 
TypinglWord Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, papers. theses. letters. 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (4/9-513) 
Rent-a-brain 24-hr. writing tutor ; 
outstanding A-student UC grad save 
this numberl Make deadlines Jim 481 -
1810.(4112-617) 
TYPING -theses, term. Ph.Ds. legal. 
All formats. RUSH JOBS. MARIE 931 -
9596 (4/12-617) 
Surfing - finally do it. fun. safe. 20 years 
.experienced lifeguard. water safety 
instructor 481-1810. (4/12-617) 
Hostels in Australia for$1 O/nite. Up and 
down the coast. Fare Deals Travel 800-
878-2929. (4116-513) 
MIDTERMS? TUTORING : Math . 
Physics and beginning programming. 
Graduate with OASIS and TA 
qualifications.John 453-3194(4119-513) 
COMPUTER REPAIR. upgrading ; 
software installation; help and tutoring. 
CALIFORNIA BYTE - we come to youl 
744-7847. (4119-4130) . 
CD Player Repair and Tune up. Quick 
and reliable . student rates . near 
campus. 7 days. Call Compufix: 456-
5916. (4/23-4130) 
Macintosh Services - Repairs-
Upgrades: Component level repair. 
FREE estimates. 2-day turnaround. 
Weekend/Emergency Service . 
Reasonable Rates (e.g. Mac 128/5121 
Plus Power Board $89). Memory 
Upgrades for ALL Macs (Mac 128/512 
to Plus Starts @$210). FREE Campus 
pick up and delivery. Call 456-5916 
Compufix. (4123-4130) 
PROFESSIONAL WORD PRO-
CESSING - $1 .50/pg . Resumes. 
Papers. Theses - laser APA Format. 
Next Day delivery. 439-931 7, 297-8291 . 
(4/23-5/17) 

TYPINGIWORD PROCESStNG. laser 
Printer. $1 .50-2.00 per page. Call Anne 
270-3256 (Pacific Beach). (4/23) 

WANTED 
Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the effects of alcohol. If you 
are a UCSD student or non·academic 
staff. American born male of entirely 
Japanese. Chinese. or Korean descent. 
call Scripps Clinic and Research 
Foundation for more information. 554-
2192. (4/2-617) 

Asthma Research. Mild to moderate 
asthmatics are needed to help evaluate 
new medications. Earn up to $250 and 
receive a free physical and medications. 
Clinical Trials Center. Phone 294-3787. 
(315-4130) 
HELP WANTED. $9.85 to start. National 
retail chain filling 15 openings. No 
experience required. Scholarships 
available. No door to door or phone 
sales. Call 565-1533 9-3 p.m. (3112-
4130) 
Research subjects : Healthy 
menstruating women ages 18-30 with 
long irregular cycles. Daily blood 
drawing. Sleeping with night light x 5 
nights. $1 O.oolblood. ($300.00 + total). 
Message: 552-8585 ext. 3219. Say 
"Menstrual Study.' (419 - 4/26) 
COORS LIGHT POSTER GIRL 
INTERVIEWING : ATTRACTIVE 
GIRLS. POSITIVEATIITUDESICoors 
Dist.: 12 p.m. - 5 p.m. 4124/90. 7545 
Carroll Rd. S.D. 92121 . Calif. Studio 
Productions (213) 676-4422. (419-4123) 
Earn $500-$1500 part time. stuffing 
envelopes in your home. For free info. 
send a sell-addressed. stamped 
envelope to : P.O. Box 81953 
Albuquerque NM 87198. (4112-4/26) 

ATIENTION - HIRtNGI Government 
jobs - your area. $17.840 - $69.485. 
Call 1-602-838-8885. Ext R-18113. 
(4/16-4130) 

Spring into the UCSD Annual Fund on 
campus. flexible evening hours. $7Ihr. 
Call 587-1585. (4116-4/26) 
ATIENnON: EARN MONEY TYPING 
AT HOMEI $32.000Iyr . income 
potential. Details (1 }602-838-8885 Ext 
T-18113. (4/16-4130) 

MAKE EVERY DAY EARTH DAY. 
Summer Campaigns for the 
Environment. Earn $2500-$3500. Help 
pass the Clean Air Act. tighten pesticide 
controls. and promote comprehensive 
recycling. Work available in 18 states & 
D.C. Kate 800175-EARTH. (4/19-4/30) 

BASS PLAYER: Vicious Butterfly 
Fantasy needs one nowl Hard rock 
style. Loren 587-01 09. Craig 558-2628. 
(411 9-4123) 

Any Fresh 
Service Deli 
Pizza 

BABYSITIER in Claire mont home for 2 
toddlers Fridays Ihru June. 7 hrs. $4Ihr. 
Call Kelly 270-1870. (4119-4/23) 
lOVE TEACHING CHilDREN? Paid 
training position avail. with 
DEVELOPMENTAL DANCE. Send 
resume or inlormation fI:'quests to : J. 
Fletcher, 2565 Montgomery Ave .• 
Cardiff. CA 92007. (4/23-4/30) 

Auto Rental agent. Aexible hours. lots 
of time 10 study. Near University. Call 
Teresa 231 -7153. (4/23) 
Child care opportunity. Two small 
children. Tues. and/or Thurs. AM 8:30-
2:00. Occasional evenings desired. 
also. Responsible, experienced person 
with transportation passable English. 
References. Contact P. Chien. 456-
6281. (4123) . 

8roken Macintosh equipment wanted 
for CE student. Willing to negotiate a 
trade. Call 535-0930. (4/23-4/30) 
Be your own boss. Partorfulltime. Earn 
$500-50.000 a month. 270-6149. 
(4/23-4126) 
FREE TRAVEL BENEFITS! AIRLINES 
NOW HIRING ! ALL POSITIONS I 
$17.500-$58,240. Call (1) 602-838-
8885 Ext. X-18113. (4123-4/30) 
FREE TRAVEL BENEFITS! CRUISE 
SHIPS AND CASINOS HOW HIRINGI 
All POSITIONS!Call (1) 602-838-8885 
Ext. Y-18113. (4123-4130) 

FOR SALE 
Desk. book hutch. printer table. Good 
quality. hardly used. $100 for all . Call 
Wendy 546-9112. (4/12-4/26) 

1984 Toyota Cefica GT •. white with 
blue into sunroof, AlC. power steering. 
and brakes, FM/AM casso stereo. 
excellent condition. $5450 o.b.o .• call 
487-1075. Iv. messg. (4112-4123) 
Futon oak sofalbed with 6" futon. Fun 
$174.00 queen $184.00. covers $19.00 
with preceding. 4807 Mercury. 
Warehouse "F". Open Thursdays 
through Sundays. Appointments other 
times. 292-4673. 569-7081 . (4/16-4123) 
Guitar Sunburst Fender Strat amp. 65 
watt fender sidekick $450 together o.b.o. 
separate. Mike 454-5901 . (4/1 6-4130) 

VW Rabbit. '77 Champagne color. New 
tires, paint. interior. superb condition. 
very reliable. $1 .950. 944-9008, (4/16-
4126) 
Janet Jackson tickets. April 23 Prime 
Seats. Mark. 278-0370 alter 6:00 p.m. 
(4/19-4123) 

Glasspar. tri -hull whaler style 1975 
Evinrude. Trailer and all extras included. 
$1300/0.b.o. Call Dan lorch 454-SEXI. 
(4/19-5/3) 

Discover Ralphs Chef Express and Enjoy a Wide 
Variety of Freshly Prepared Entrees and Salads. 

8825 Villa La .lalla 

Monday, April 23, 1990 

'65 Ford Mustang. very nice. runs 
excellent. lots of extras, $4.700 o.b.o. 
Aaron 558-6565. (4119-4/26) 

Ski boots. weights: Solomon SX70 
men's size 9 $40; Iron weight set + 
benchpress $40. 792-9817. (4119-413O) 
Fulton Frame Computer desk all 
$150.00Call463-Q9297a.m.- 8:30a.m. 
or after 9 p.m. (4119·4123) 

VW Rabbit Diesel, 1980. vg . condition. 
A steal at $10001 Phone 450-4671 . 
leave message. (4119 -517) 

Beautiful Burmese Python - 1 3/4 years 
old. Must sell - steal of a deal at $200 or 
best offer. Call Dan at 291 -7462. (4/23-
4130) 

'87 Toyota Corolla FX 2-<1oor • .Auto. AI 
C, P/B. PIS. AM-FM. new tirEls . 
excellent. $5,700. 558-0547. (4/23) 
TV -sharp 19" remote/cable $185. VCR. 
Toshiba remote/cable/programmable, 
$185. MICROWAVE Big. powerful. all 
electron $110. PORTABLE AM-FM 
double cassette Hitachi $75. BICYCLE 
Schwinn 21" $60. Call 558-0547. (4/23) 
Smith-corona Typewriter 4 months old. 
135.00 o.b.o. need to sell I 558-8181 
leave message. (4123-4126) 

1986 Honda Elite 150 Delux. Excellent 
condition and appearance. UCSD 
parking sticker. $850.00 296-7127. 
(4123-4126) 

Surfboards: 6'3" and 5'10" thrusters. 
Like new. no dings. Must sell. cheapl 
John 546-9304. (4/23) 

Car ~tereo-Aiwa CTX-40011 pullout with 
fotd down face plate, MTX 35SB 
Roadthunder speakers, coustic ' 190' 
Amp (Total 200 watts) must see. Worth 
$1 ,00 will sell $500. 272-2079 (4/23-
4126) 

1963 Mercedes-Benz 190. Black 4 door. 
4 cylinder. 1991 registration . 
Dependable $1800. Greg 456-9527. 
(4/23) 

Calculators HP41CVwith manual. case. 
$80.00 HP15C with manuals. case, 
$30.00 558-7176. leave message. (41 
23-4/26) 

Macintosh 20MB hard drive. $295.00 
450-9192. (4/23-4/26) 
Honda aero 50 scooter; excellent 
condition; 80 cents per week gas; easy 
upkeep; $300. evenings 558-8986. 
(4123-617) 

Queen mattress - like new $200 ; 
sailboard: 10'9' fanatic 5/6 sail ; car 
rack, $375. Keary 549-8359. (4/23-
4/26) 

1983 Audi 5000 Turbo diesel. excellent 
condition, black. all power. rebuilt motor. 
$3,200 o.b.o. 454-3469. (4123-513) 

HP-28S Scientific Calculator. new 
condition. Also three application guides 
(Matrices, Calculus. and Statistics) $1 00 
for all . 558-1 498 (4123-515) 

HOUSING 
W condo to share wi female. 2 BR. 
security. all amenities, garage. t9llnis. 
pool. etc .• walk to UCSD/ shopping. 
non-smoking. prefer grad. student. 
$437.50. Available June. 458-9168. 
(412-4130) 

The Cle. SOluHan 
la I~~nlla 

Corner of Grand & Lamont 
Pacific Beach 

OPEN 2" HOURS 
Cloaad Sundaya until midnight 
do your wash with usl 

Want to make money while you are out 
of town this summer? Rent your house, 
apartment or part thereof to responsible 
law students who will be clerking at 
Seltzer Caplan Wilkins & McMahon in 
San Diego. Please call Maria Macias at 
294-2801 Extension 135 for further 
information. (4/2-4/30) 
Subletting your apartment this summer? 
local law firm seeking summer housing 
for law clerks. Call Karen at 699-3542 
with details. (412-5/10) 

International House applications 
available at Resident Deans' offices, 
International Center and IRIPS. Due 
4/27/90. (4/9-4/26) 

Room, board. small salary; care for 
boy, 9. evenings. weekends. Female 
nonsmoker. Del Mar_ 481 -6115. (4116-
4123) 

Seeking female roommate to share 
bedroom in la Jolla $2411month 
available May 1 st. Roxane 457-4785. 
(4/16-4/23) 

Share 2 BR apartment near beach in 
Del Mar. 380.00 month + utilities. linda 
481 -3797. (4119-4126) 

Single Room for rent. Del Mar Hgts. 
$300 + 1/4 util. Call 755-5a56. (4119· 
4/23) 

Duplex 4 bd. 2 1/2 bath house; pooll 
tennis. Walk to UCSD. Best location. 
$1750.459-2935;551-9203. (4119-4130) 
Spacious tri -Ievel Cambridge 
condominium; 2 bd. 2.5 bath fireplace, 
pool/spa. Walk to Ralphs. $1300. 459-
9401 (4/19-4/23) 

Master bedroom lor2. Own bath. Across 
street from UCSD. Summer only. John, 
Paul 546-9304. (4123) 

Your own room for rent in Hillcrest for 
$250/month + 1/4 utilities. Just until the 
end of June. Call291 -7462. (4/23-4/26) 

LOST AND FOUND 
REWARD for missing Che Cafe banner 
that was last seen on the gym stepsll 
534-2311 . (4119-4123) 
KEYS lostllli Austin Healey key chain. 
Lost on 19 April. If you have any info. 
caJI490-0477 or 558-1469.(4/23) 

PERSONALS 
ONE MONTH TOURING POLAND -
HUNGARY - CZECHOSLOVAKIA -
EAST GERMANY - $1,495, includes 
airfare, This rate good for nonstudents 
also. Tibor. 444·8234; Ann, 459-0883. 
(4/2-4/30) 

International House Applications 
available at Resident Deans' Offices. 
International Center and IRIPS. Due 
4/27/90 . (419-4/26) 
Golden Key Honor Society meeting 4/ 
26. 7 p.m. Price Center Gallery A. All 
old and new members welcomel (4/23-
4126) 

SelzedCn,Irucks, 4-wheelers. TVs. 
stereos. fumkure. computers by DEA. 
FBI.IRS and U.S. customs. Available 
your area now. Cal 1-805-682-7555. 
ext. C-ll99. 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kinko·s' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 VIII. La Jolla Dr. 

The UCSD Guardian 

FLOWERS_ Just the word creates 
excitement. Slop by Carrie's Flower 
Shop and see why our Iresh 
a9sortments can really excite a friend I 
7777 Girard Ave. 454-3535. (4112-
4/23) 
Carla and Francois - thanks for 
tennissingl You're aces. love ya, l mean 
that. we'll talk. Michael. (4/23) 
THE NEW GROVE CAFFE. Have you 
seen the expansion? We're now open 
to please your culinary budsl (4/23-
4/26) 
Sonny - II you are hall the lover as you 
are a performer. I bet you are e~cellent. 
Since you've hit the big time. please 
don't forget me. Signed. Ladyluck. 
(4123) 

To all the attenders of Wednesday 
night's bonfire - hey. come back next 
week. we'll make sure there's no more 
·confiscation' or "close call DUI's"1I 
1(4/23) 

Jeff- Happy (almost) 21 st birthday 
sweetiel Now that we're both legal 
adults.let·s say we hit the (-?) I Looking 
forward to the coming years . (months. 
days. seconds) with you l love you lots. 
lynda. (4/23) 
Hey. Ebeel Keeping the kid on his feet? 
Maybe it's an inherited problem. (4123) 
Congratulations Phi Kaps on your 
successful installation I UCSO's newest 
fraternity, just the besll (4/23) 
Great job at ISVT. Pi Phi's! It was a lot 
of fun - TIFI (4/23) 
Overwhelmed by rush? Phi Kappa 
Theta announces informal rush, April 
24. 8:30 p.m. Santa Barbara Room. 
(4/23) 
Jostens Rep at Bookstore next week. 
Monday·Wednesday from 10:00-3:00 
p.m. Your UCSD ring on sale. (4/23-
4/26) 

Crul ••• hlps Now Hiring for 
spring, Chrislma$ and next sum· 
mer breaks. Many Positions. Call 
1-805-682-7555, ext. S-l 023. 

r- Rotb' h $ ware ouse near c onvoy -

FUTONS or FRAMES 
4-WAY LOUNOIl & 6 " FUTON 
Twin 592 Queen $119.60 
FuM $106.40 Kilg5177 

OAK IID/ COVERS $19 
COUCH wlFuton 
(om.)w/6"F..- or 
Ful $174 Frame purchase 
(iJeen $184 

ITOIUI MOUltS 
=0 Z Thurs. 12-7; Fn_ 12-6 Sat. 10-5; Sun. 11-4 

.... ·w .... 1If,IIntlnentl 
292-4673 or 569-7011 

LAaeI IIIftInOIll'l TAUI 
Prices subtect to change. Dclivc'"»o,avaibble. 
4107 _ury St. W.....t-.. . ," 

Take 1-«)5 Of 1·16) toClaifcmoO[ Mesa Blvd. 
Go 2 blocks sooth on Mercury St., on M:: 

comer of Mercury and Ron.'WlO Rd. 

If you are interested in 
learning about the 

Financial Services Industry, 
SDCCU has an opportunity for you l 
We are currently seeking enthusias-

tic individuals to fill the following 
part-time Teller Trainee positions: 

Mira Meta 
M-F 11 -3 p.m. 

Sorrento Valley 
M 8-5 p.m.: Th 11-3 p.m.: F 9-6 p.m. 

If you have cash handling and 
customer service experience, we 

want to talk to youl Call or come by 
our main office and apply. 

9885 Pacific Heights Blvd. 
San Diego. CA 92121 

453-2112 
EOE 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

l. '. 1J.1o~, 

HOURS: 11-10:30 Sun.-Thurs. 
lHI Frl, & Sot. 

LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd .. Ste. 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

, N_'~ 
... \ V:,I. 10 Jolla M41- COI_, 

"8'. 
," .·beO. 

U'( 
: }-

--------------------I I 
I 25°10 OFF ~~:::~ I I 7C large frozen yogurt I 
I VoId wi1h any other otta<. Toppings not InclUded. Expires 4129/90 I L ____________________ ~ 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

/IIS/ rllc/or 's COli rse Readers 

Ca~ C[]py 
• SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
• VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

• Free Parking 
• Book Binding 

• Copies while you wait 

I Hours: Mon.'Thu. 8:30-6:30; Fri. 8::,o.a; SM. 124 Exp. 5I30I9O 
;..! II I lo/ltlll \ (I r 1/1 \ I (0 Ihlll/l1l11 , ,', -III 452-9949 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFfERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISIS' 

WE'VE GOT 
THE CURE I 

novelty Items· gift wrapping· balloons· greeting cards 
large selection of gIft AIlSl. shopping boxes 

!~ 4305 La Jolla Village Drive, UTe Mall o (next to Carlos Murphy's) 
1M 45~9993 

W • I ~ , OPEN DAILY 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~--------------------, I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I TRIM & TAN· UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct .• 455-0909 
1 ___ Pacific Beach' MissionValle!.: State Colleg~ Sports Arena __ _ 
I 
I Lose 6" Guaranteed! I European Body Wrap - Only $48 
I Not a temporal)' water loss. Reduce celluite and stretch maills. cat for detais· 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 • Fust·!ima clients 
L Expire.61,190 .J 
--------------------

THE ~ PRINCElQN : 
REVIEW _ 

""'GI.,,/or SW:CIS$ 

The Princeton Rtview is the most 
effective LSAT prep course offered 
tod.y. Coil now for the £Oct . 

695 - 9952 
~v ... ....,"' __ ~T....,.S--!OI __ alr.a ..... _ .. n.Pt __ R. .... 



22 SPORTS 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from page 24 
did not give up an earned run until 
the fifth inning, when La Verne 
clo ed the core to 3-2. There wa 
no more scoring in the game, but 
the Leopards had opportunit ies to 
core in the sixth and eventh in-

nings. 
The game ended when a La 

Verne runner wa caught between 
third and home and thrown out. 
The Tritons won 3-2, while first-
year pitcher Stutzman improved 
her record to 8-1. 

The Tritons managed only 12 
hits, and left 11 runners on base in 
the doubleheader. 

Triton Head Coach Sal Coats 
was a little bewildered attheteam 's 
perfonnance - but she had a the-
ory - theTritonshadgonethrough 
a strange week. 

On Tuesday they traveled up to 
Riverside for a scheduled double-
header, took infield practice, and 
then found out that the double-
header was being called off when 
UC Riverside failed to schedule 
any umpires. 

However, Coats realized this 
certainly was not an adequate rea-
son for a team as good as UCSD 10 
come out flat against La Verne. 

"We're capable of playing so 
much better," Coats said. "At this 
point in the season, we can 't take 
any game lightly." 

The Tritons also had to deal 
with the loss of shortstop and lead-
ing hiller Dana Chaiken due to an 
ankle injury, which led to some 
reshuffling of the lineup. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Greg Benes/Guardian 
Stephanie Molina, like the rest of the Tritons, almost got caught 
looking, but UCSD managed to rescue a split with La Verne. 

"I don't like to shuffle players 
around," Coats said. "But we need 
to feel we can move around to new 
positions with confidence." 

The loss to La Verne could be 
costly for the Tritons in their bid 
for regionals. After the double-
header, both teams have records of 
18-13. 

"We have strength of sched-
ule," Coats said, explaining that 

UCSD has played many more 
Division 1, II and NAIA schools 
than both La Verne and CSUSB, 
the latter of which is currently 
ranked ahead of UCSD. 

Coats thinks regional bids will 
be given to the team which finishes 
strongest. A season-ending victory 
over CSUSB on Friday would cer-
tainly help the Tritons chances at 
earning a regional bid. 

ATTENTION! 

W.LAX 
Continued from page 24 
defense with shot after shot, but 
could not find the back of the net. 

Then, going back the other way, 
Gaucho star Sarah Gaylord found 
herself in a fast break situation and 
slipped the ball past UCSD goalie 

ancy Reagan for the game win-
ner. 

Gaylord led all scorers with five 
goals, and Sharon Leibowitz led 
the Tritons with four goals. 

Gretchen Rubel added three 
goals, and Deekla Marshall and 
Janny Chaiyavet each scored one. 

In a game that could have gone 
either way , the Tritons showed their 
growth over the season. 

Earlier in the season, tpe young 
Tritons probably would have fallen 
apart after falling behind early to a 
team with the Gauchos' talent. 

However, this was not earlier 
in the season. 

This was the the last game of 
the season, and the Tritons had 
evolved into a much more mature 
team. 

They did not panic when they 
gave up two early goals to the more 
talented Gauchos. 

Instead, they regrouped and 
battled back. 

They stayed composed through-
out the contest and almost man-
aged to pull out an upset victory. 

The team's performance pleased 
Triton Head Coach Matt Holman. 

"This team has worked hard 
and kept growing all year. And we 
really finished on a positive note," 
he concluded. 

Monday, April 23, 1990 

M. V-BALL 
Continued from page 24 
saw UCSD manhandle visiting 
Menlo College, 15-4, 15-2,15-4. 

"1 was pleased with our a11-
around good team effort," UCSD 
Head Coach Oscar" Digger" Gray-
bill said. 

Graybill had reason to be satis· 
fied with his club's play heading 
into the Pacific Coast Conference 
Tournament next weekend at Santa 
Clara. 

Senior quick-attacker John Lim 
was honored by Graybill before 
Saturday'S match .against Menlo 
College, and then played his last 
match at UCSD in sty le, finishing 
with 10 kills. 

Sophomore Bryan Palmer also 
contributed to the victory with 10 
kills of his own. 

Friday's match against the 
Broncos was a preview of 
Saturday'S victorious effort. 

Against Santa Clara, wing at-
tacker Nate Brown paced UCSD 
with 11 kills in the three-game 
sweep. 

After opening the season 0-15 
against 15 consecutive top 20 
opponents, the Tritons rebounded. 

Forthe second straight year,the 
Tritons have gone undefeated in 
conference play and are once again 
heavily favored to repeat as PCVC 
champions. 

The upcoming tournament will 
feature UCSD, Santa Clara, Uni-
versity of La Verne, and UC Santa 
Cruz. a group of teams which the 
Tritons have already cut up like a 
runaway lawn mower. 

S'fUDEN1'S Faculty Staff 
Anothet HOUSING Option! 

UCSD Tijuana Cultural Connection 

Introducing La Jolla Del Sol, the University of California, 
San Diego's newest housing option. While we are an 
integral part of the UCSD Housing Program, we provide a 
unique environment for Graduate Students, Married 
Students, Faculty and Staff. 
You will be attracted to the distinctive and well-planned 
design of the Community. Our Condo-style one- and 
two-bedroom apartments offer variable interior ameni-
ties including: wood-burning fireplaces; vaulted and 
cathedral ceilings; private patiOS and balconies; pre-
wiring for cable TV; kitchens with stove, refrigerator, and 
dishwasher; covered parking assignments and off-street 
parking. 
The Community offers for extracurricular activities: two 
solar-heated swimming pools with spas, two lighted 
tennis courts and a weight room. 
Our outstanding location Is within walking distance to 
three regional shopping malls: University Towne Center 
(UTC), La Jolla Village Square, Costa Verde, plus a Vons 
Convenience Center. San Diego Transit provides bus 
service that is available for your use from La Jolla del Sol 
to UCSD campus. 
Come visit La Jolla Del Sol, one of the finest facilities in 
the University of California system. 

LA JOLLA DEL SOL 
San Diego, CA 92122 

8046 Regents Road 
587-1221 

Conexi6n Cultural Tijuana/UCSD 

presents 

Tijuana Day 
Wednesday, April 25 

11 a.m. to 2 p.m. 

Price Center Plaza 

(FREE for everyonel) 

Featuring over 40 tables and booths 
from UCSD, San Diego and 

Tijuana organizations 
LIVE ENTERTAINMENT 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. 

Los Alicranas (Folklorieo) 
Miguel Lopez (Harpist) 

A rim ida Romero (Singer) 

Monday, April 23, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

SPORTSLINE 
COlllpiwd by DIIIUI Climb., SportJ EdItor .. d P,.r Ko, Au«i411 SfIO'II Editor 

Golf Dusts La Verne by 15 Strokes, Point Loma Nazarene by Twice That 
Playing on the North Course at Torrey Pines for the first time this year did not faze the host Tritons, 

as the UCSD golf team won a three-way match with La Verne and Point Lorna Nazarene by 18 boles. 
UCSD posted a 307. leaving both La Verne (322) and PLNC (337) without hope. 
Another first for the Tritons this year was having a player shoot below par. Medalist Devin Thomas, 

who holds down UCSD's number one spot, shot a one-under 71. 
Mike Reinhardt coasted in with a 76, followed by Bob Knee, Bobby Meyerson, and Campbell 

Waldrop. who all finished at 80. Matt Stottem rounded out the group of six with an 82. 
Triton Head Coach Mike Wydra explained that "it was an easy win, and we expected that. 
"Right now we' re trying to get everyone ready for nationals. I'll be disappointed if we finished outside 

of the top 10, and we'll have to work hard to finish in the top five," he added. 

Men's Tennis Sneaks by LMU 5-4, Dropped 6-3 by No. 4 CIarerno~ 
In men '5 tennis action last week, host UCSD edged past Loyola Marymount 5-4 on Thursday but fell 

6-3 on Friday to visiting Oaremoot. 
The Tritons and Division I Lions split the six 

singles matches on Thursday. Sig Huber fell to 
Craig Brown at number one singles in straight sets, 
6-4, 6-3 while teammate Francois Monnar picked 
up a 6-0. 7-6 win over Tony Tsunadaatnumbertwo 
singles. 

Steve Stukovsky and JeffBeathard also re-
corded wins. but Chris Belloli and Tim Ditzler 
both lost their singles matches. 

In doubles. Huber and Belloli notched a three-
set win in number one doubles over Brown and 
Scou Smith. 4-6,7-5.7-6. Ditzler and Beathard 
picked up the other Triton win; 

In Friday's match against Claremont. the third- ' 
ranked Tritonsgotswept indoubles. Huber. Monnar 
and Belloli, playing in the one through three singles 
slots. recorded the only UCSD wins. 

"I think we were a little overconfident with our 
doubles because we had been playing doubles so 
well," UCSD Coach Jon Hammenneister said. Sig Huber 

Hammenneister cited the squad' 5 recent victory over then top-ranked UCSanta Cruz. in which UCSD 
swept the doubles, as a possible factor in the team's exaggerated confidence. 

Women's Tennis, Back at Full Strength, Decimates Occidental 9-0 
In a not-50-surprising occurence Saturday at the Muir courts, the UCSD women's tennis team Tipped 

through tile Occidental Tigers in a 9-0 victory. 
Mter having several top players talce the day off against Point Lorna Nazarene last week, the now-

healthy Tritons tore through the Tiger line-up and had only one match go three sets. 
At the top singles spot. Christine Behrens, one of the returning injured players, disposed of Maro 

Najarian 6-4, 6-1. 
Robyn Inaba returned to her customary number two position after filling in for Behrens and posted 

a 6-2, 6-3 win. 
Also nursing a chronic injury and returning to the coons. Susan Carney dispatched Kim Black, 6-1. 

6-2. 
In other singles action, Pam Haas, Kristen Diels. and Amanda Lynch all swept their opponents. 
The only match in which the Tritons were challenged was at number two doubles. where Carney and 

Haas pulled out a 6-3. 1-6,6-3 victory. 
Crew Makes and Repeats History at San Diego City Championships 

In a competition that can be likened to a sibling rivalry, the San Diego City Championships provide 
a forum for bragging rights to Mission Bay - and UCSD earned them with four victories. 

All three crews. UCSD. University of San Diego. and San Diego State all row out of the same 
boathouse. and compete each year in seven races over a 1500 meter short course. 

See 8-LINE, page 18 

PACIAC BEACH: 
1447 Gamet Ave. 

/P' COLLEGE: 273-CUTS 
.• 'L.fI/II" 6686 EI Cajon Blvd. 
~CNI \.0"'"" 463-5052 OCEAN BEACH: 

4882 Newport Ave. 
HILLCREST: 222.3777 
409 University Ave. 
291-CUTS 

SPORTS 23 

BUMP FROM THE REAR· Volleyball 
Meet volleyball's newest enrhusiast- UCSD golf team member Bob 

Knee ... 
"So let me get this Straight .. . I can hit this ball as far as I want out of 

bounds and there'll be no additional penalty? Sign me up." 
And so Bob took advantage, getting all those O.B.'s out ofhissystem 

Tuesday night in the Rec Gym. Luclcy for him, his Bump Fro". the /U,.. 
teammates were there to save Bob from himself; as they turned out the 
lights on Ellrly to Bell in three straight. 

Bump took. the first game, the most back-and-forth of the comest, in 
15-10 fashion. Senior Todd Daly went on a kill spree that had Early to 
Bed ducking for cover the whole game. 

Let's not forget Bump's secret weapon , Julie 2 , •. k.a.Julie Fn=iss and 
Julie Vargo. Freiss does with a volleyball what Wayne Gretzlcy does with 
a puck-you couldn 't ask fora prernerset-up. Meanwhile, In the back 
row, Vargo covers more ground than a tarpaulin on a rainy day. 

After winning the second b'4Jl1e 15· 11 , Bump let loose the wrath of 
Ron McGrath, and the n=sult was an 11 -1 blowout. McGrath 's jump 
serve kept the opposition baffled, along with the referee, his teammates, 
and, by this time, many onlookers. It needs a little work, Ron . 

Bump From ,be Re"l'-for all you do, this turkey and jack's for you . 

Computers 
LA JOLLA 

UCSD SPECIAL DISCOUNT 
INCLUDES: 
. 2 DRIVES 
.640 MEMORY 

PRINTER 
• 1-YR. WARRTY 
• SOFTWARE 

----
----
- ----
---
- - ---
- -----
-------_ .-

COMPATIBLE 
Complete System 

Anything 
you need CALL 454-5544 

1110 Torrey Pines Road. Suite A 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

Co-Ed 

Quantities Limited 

.lE[T-1 
Financing & L84Si1llJ Available 

EIGHT BALL 
Tournalllent 
Date: April 26, 1990 

Time: 6 p.m. 
Place: Price Center Gameroom 

CASH PR.ZUI 
ign up at the Gameroom today! 

... 

.. 

-



24 SPORTS The U CSD Guardian Monday, April 23, 1990 

Sports 
Men's Lacrosse Destroys UC Irvine 
20-4 in First Round of WCLL Playoffs 

Softball Takes 
Leopards For 
Granted; Get 
Bitten in Split 

By MA TIHEW RA BAND 
Staff Writer 

With an impres ive 20-4 first 
round Western Collegiate La-
cro e League playoff victory 
again t an ovennatched UC Irv-
ine team, the UCSD men 's la-
cro seteammovedone tepclo er 
to its goal for the ea on: the 
WCLL final four. 

To reach the second round of 
the playoffs, the Tritons first had 
to di po e of the lowly Anteaters. 

Irvinewa thela t- eededteam 
intheSouthernDivi ion, andonly 
nuck in after two other team -

Occidental and Pepperdine -
were unable to parti ipate in the 
tournament. 

UCSD cored often, and seem-
ingly at will, against the Anteat-
er . By halftime the Triton had 
jumped out to a 10-2 lead. 

For the game, nine different 
Tritons cored goals. 

Tri-captain Sven Haynie led 
the on laught with five goals to 
go along with his three a sists. 

Tri-captain Juan Millan added 
four goals and an as ist, while 
Brad Bunten tallied three goals 
and an assist. 

On defense, UCSD was led by 
the play of John Butler, who con-
si tently stymied the Anteaters, 
as did goalie Tony Prestigiacomo. 

By controlling the play at both 
the offensive and defensive ends 
of the field, the Tritons domi-

nated the game. 
The victory earned the Tri-

tons a second-round playoff game 
in Tuc on ye terday afternoon 
again t the University of Arizona, 
but the result were unavailable 
at press time. 

Earlier in the eason, the Tri-
ton 10 t to the Wildcat in Tu -
con, 10-8. 

In that contest, UCSD had 
built a 4-1 lead at halftime, but 
allowed nine goal in the second 
half. 

"I think we have the better 
team. What we need is a good 
controlled game with aggres ive 
defen e and we hould beat 
them," UCSD Coach Bruce Seitz 
aid. 

"Today we gave a very strong 
effort with a lot of intensity. We 
till could be harper, but this 

was a good tep to what we need 
this weekend (against Arizona) 
- to be more aggressive," UCSD 
Coach Bob MacLeod said. 

PLAYOFFS 
AT A GLANCE 

WESTERN COUEGIATE LACROSSE 
LEAGUE PLAYOFFS 

RESULTS 

FIRST ROUND 

Friday. Apr. 20 1 UCSO 20, UC Irvine 4 
SECOND ROUND 

Sunday, Apr. 22 1 UCSO at Arizona, late 
SCORES FOR THE UNIVERSITY OF 

ARIZONA GAME WERE NOT 
AVAILABLE AT PRESS TIME 

Women's Lacrosse Ends 
Season With 10-9 OT 
Loss in Tourney Final 
By BRIAN !TOW 
Senior Staff Writer 

Women's lacrosse is a young sport at UCSD. It has only 
been organized for the past couple of years, but the Triton 
xtramural team has come a long way in that time. 

This season, the Tritons grew into a team that was strong 
~:nough to fini sh a close second in the UCSD Women's La-
crosse Tournament. 

The Tritons fell to the UC Santa Barbara Gold team 10-
9 yesterday, in a tightly conte ted sudden-death overtime 
contest. 

When they started their season just a few months ago, a 
fi nish like this would have seemed next to impossible. The 
Tri tons dropped their ea on opener to the same UCSB 
Gold ~quad, 22-4. 

But, the team came back from that defeat to finish the 
ea on at 12- 11 , and put them elves in position to avenge 

their opening loss. 
With j ust three minutes remaining in the tournament 

final , it looked as though they ju t might do that. 
Rebounding from an early 2-0 deficit, the Tritons held a 

9-8 lead and appeared headed to a tournament 
champion hip.The Gauchos, however, managed to tie the 
game and end it into overtime. 

reg DC~lalILJUGJral'~n 

By DAVID PonCHA 
Staff Writer 

When a tire goes flat, it can be 
repaired and will perform as good 
as new, if not better. But what 
happens when a finel y tuned sports 
machine uddenly and unexpect-
edJy goes flat? Is there an air pump 
for sport teams? 

The UCSD softball team ( 18-
13) is certainly hoping that it finds 
an answer to this question - and 
fast. 

Coming out of a succe sful tour-
nament in which UCSD beat Cal 
State San Bernardino, its main rival 
in Divi ion ill, twice, the Tritons 
uddenly found themselves lack-

ing air in a sluggish doubleheader 
against the University of La Verne 
on Friday. 

La Verne won the opener 1-0, 
as the Tritons out-hit the Leopards 
7-5, but left seven runners stranded. 

UCSD pitcher Dianna Moreno 
(3-2) struck out five La Verne bat-
ters and did not surrender an earned 
run. The only run was charged on 
a centerfielder's error. 

In the second game, it appeared 
that the Tritons were going to 
mount some offense early as Lynn 
Moreno had an RBI single in the 
first IOning. 

Steve Grossman had the ball knocked away by a UCI defender 
on Friday, but the Tritons swatted away the Anteaters 20-4. 

In the top of the second inning 
the Leopards scored another un-
earned run to tie the score, but in 
the same inning Kathy Fogg had a 
two-run double to up the Triton 
lead to 3- 1. 

Starting pitcher Kim Stutzman 
See SOFTBALL, page 22 

SPORTSLINE 

Rlmas U.llllrl!l.IGw1rd;,alJ 

Men's Volleyball Closes 
Out PCVC Play at 8-0 
By JOHN ASUNCION 
Staff Writer 

Domination - at least over someone - finally. 
That sentiment sums up the UCSD men's volleyball 

teams victories against Santa Clara and Menlo this past 
weekend. 

With these two victories, in which UCSD allowed only 
28 points in six games, the Triton ended the regular season 
with a mark of 8-16, but a sterling 8-0 in the Pacific Coast 
Volleyball Conference. 

Friday night the Triton knock d off Santa Clara in three 
straight games, 15-4, 15-6, 15-8. The following evening 

ee M, V -BALL, page 22 

THIS WEEKEND'S DON'T MISS EVENTS .•. 
WHAT: BasebaU and Softball doubleheaders 
WHEN: Softball Friday at 1 p.m., Baseball Saturday 
at Noon 
WHO: Both vs. CSU San Bernardino 
WHERE: North Campus Softball Field, New Base-
ball Diamond on Old Miramar Rd. 

In the sudden-death period, the Tritons continued to 
pres ure the Gaucho defen e. They pounded the U SB 

ee W. LAX, page 22 
Devin Thomas shot a 71. (See Sportsline, page 23), 

WHY: Softball - the Tritons have split four games 
this season with rival CSUSB which holds a higher 
national ranking than UCSD. Baseball - in important 
Division III action, the Tritons ' postseason hopes may 
re t on the outcome of these games. 


