
; I . I f; 

WEEKEND 
EDili : 
.OPINION 

College students are among the 
most sexually active people in the 
country, but are we being careful? 
There are many dangers about sex, 
from pregnancy to A.I.D.S. How can 
we protect ourselves in a dangerous 
world? How should we respond to 
these issues, especially the question 
of A.I.D.S.? Should we record and 
track those with the disease, or is 
education the answer to the epi-
demic?IPAGE 4 

• FEATURES 
Aside from sleeping and studying, 

all students must pay a visit to the 
local grocery store. According to the 
latest CalPIRG Survey, Lucky is the 
least expensive grocery store in San 
Diego, followed by Ralph's. 

Knowing what groceries to shop 
for is as important as knowing where 
to buy them. Professor Paul Salttnan 
explains that there' is a direct correla-
tion between a balanced diet and 
physical and mental productivity/ 
PAGE; 
.SPORTS 

UCSD men's and women's 
basketball returns this weekend, as the 
nationally-ranlced men's team takes 
on Christ College in Irvine on 
Saturday. The women begin their 
season this afternoon at Point Lorna 
Nazarene College. 

The women open at home tomor-
row against Occidental. The men's 
home opener is Tuesday night against 
Point LomaNazarenelPAGE U 

• HiAlUS 
If you think cartoons are only for 

kids - think again. Opening this 
week in San Diego are "Allegro Non 
Troppo" and '''The Rescuers Down 
Under," both of which take the art of 
animation to new highs. 

Hiatw takes a look at Bruno 
Bou.etto's "Allegro," a creative 
send-up of Disney's famed "Fanta-
sia," and we examine a work from 
the masters themselves - Disney's 
heanwanning "Rescuers"IPAGE HI 

INDEX ... 
Science News ...................... 2 
Opinion ................................ 4 
Features .... : .......................... 7 
Hiatus ................................ H1 
Sports ................................ 12 

One-Car PIle-Up - A wrecked car sat in the Muir College quad this week as 
an example of what can happen when people drink and drive. 

New Requirements Nearing 
Approval at Revelle, Third 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

Proposed changes in the general education 
and graduation requirements of Revelle and 
Third Colleges have been presented to the 
Committee on Educational Policy (CEP), and 
are pending approval by the Representative 
Assembly of the Academic Senate at its next 
meeting on November 27. 

If approved. only one c.Jass of Revelle's 
general education requirements would be 
changed. while Third's requirements would 
undergo total reconstruction. 

Both proposals are intended to take effect 
in fall 1991 for entering freshmen and fall 
1994 for transfer students . 

Revelle's Social Science requirement, 
currently three courses, would be changed to 
two social science courses and one American 
cultures course. An American cultures course 
is defined by the proposal as one which studies 
"American ethnic groups and their interac-
tions," and must be "comparative, both his-
torical and contemporary, and theoretical." 

According to Nancy Groves, Revelle 
Academic Advising director, the new re-
quirement will be implemented "if there are 
enough courses available - at least five, 
preferably six." 

Groves said that currently anyone of the 
History 7A, B, C courses would fulfill the 

See COLLEGES, Page 6 

Professor's 
Husband May 
File Lawsuit 
• Chadwell clarifies 
cause of wife's death, 
thanks friends at UCSD 
By Jason Snell 
News Editor 

The husband of Diana Chadwell, the 42-
year-old UCSD Physical Education professor 
who died of cancer Nov. 8, said yesterday that 
he plans to sue the insurance company that 
refused to pay for his wife's high-dosage 
chemotherapy. 

Brent Chadwell owes $230,000 in medical 
costs for his wife's treatment. He thanked 
everyone at UCSD for their support, espe-
cially those who helped organize a benefit run 
to help pay the Chadwells ' medical bills that 
was held on campus Saturday. 

"We're suing Prudential," Chadwell said. 
"We're sitting down, penning things up right 
now ... they're obligated to pay something 
he e." 

According to Chadwell, the chemotherapy 
treatment prescribed for Diana is standard 
treatment for other fonns of cancer, but not for 
the type of cancer she had. 

'The thing [Prudential] didn 't like was the 
dosage ... [doctors] have used that high a level 
of dosage for people with lymphoma and 
leukemia, but not for breast cancer," he said 
'They just don't have the statistics for breast 
cancer yet - in a few years, they probably 
will. 

"If Diana had lymphoma or leukemia. they 
would have covered the treatment. .. it's not 
experimental," Chadwell said. "A lot of in-
surance companies cover this treatment." 

He also indicated that the cause of Diana's 
death was not pneumonia, as reported earlier, 
but the cancer itself. 

"I don't want people to think that the 
treatment was unsuccessful," Chadwell said 
"It was hard going - I won't kid you - but 
her immune system had come back incredibly 
fast. 

'''That wasn't the problem. TIle cancer had 
just spread too far," he explained. 

According to Chadwell, Diana's breast 
cancer spread to her liver and lungs. Her high-
dose chemotherapy failed to destroy all of the 
cancer. 

Despite the treatment's failure in Diana's 
case, Chadwell remained positive about the 

See CHADWELL, Page 6 

Rapist Miller Sentenced to 31 Years in Prison 
• EI Cajon man lured UCSD, SDSU students off-campus with threats 
By Kent Korzon 
Senior Staff Writ9r 

An EI Cajon man was sen-
tenced last week to 31 years in 
prison for sexual assaulting two 
students. 

David Miller, 23, was found 
gUilty in September on two counts 
of kidnapping, two counts of 
forced onu copulation, two counts 
of rape with a foreign object, and 
one count of sex ual battery. 

David Lattuca, the San Diego 
County assistant district attorney 
who prosecuted the case, said, "I 
would have liked [to see Miller 
entenced to] 43 years." 

"Unless he fouls up in prison," 

Lattuca said, there is a possibility 
that Miller will be released in 13 
years, which is half-time with 
credit for the time he has already 
served. 

The case began at 2 a.m. on 
Oct. 15,1989, when Miller called 
a UCSD residence hall room. He 
coerced a UCSD student into 
driving downtown to meet him 
by threatening to kill her room-
mate. When she anived, he sexu-
ally assaulted her. 

On Nov. 15, 1989, Miller 
called a San Diego State Univer-
sity student. She, too, was co-
erced into driving to meet Miller, 
who sexually assaulted her. 

Miller was arrested the next 
day whenhecalledanotherSDSU 
student. She agreed to meet him, 
then called the police. They went 
in her place and arrested him. 

After the conviction, the court 
granted a request from Lattuca 
that Miller be tested for A.I.D.S. 
so that his victims will know if 
they are in danger of contracting 
the disease. 

According to Cecil Parish, unit 
supervisor of the California De-
partment of Corrections Parole 
Division in El Cajon, Miller has 
been imprisoned before. At the 
time of the assaults, Miller was in 
v iolation of parole, and a warrant 

Convicted rapist David Miller 
had been issued for his arrest, 
Parish said. 



2 NEWS 

N SCIENCE ---'---EWS--'-
, SCIENTIFIC & MEDICAL UPDATES 

Neural Network Pioneer to Give 
Rockwood Memorial Lectureship 

A leading pioneer in the growing field of neural 
computing will deliver the H. Paul Rockwood Memorial 
Lectureship on Nov. 19 at UCSO's Institute for Neural 
Computation (INC). 

John Hopfield, a biophysicist who holds the Roscoe 
Gilkey Dickinson Professorship in Otemisll)' and Biol-
ogy at Caltech. will deliver a free public lecture on ''The 
Dynamics of 'Neural' Computation" a17:30 p.m. in the 
large conference morn at the Center for Molecular Genet-
ics. 

The 1ecturemarks the fustmajorpubliceventsponsored 
by INC. which was formally established last spring by the 
University of California Board of Regents. The institute 
brings together 42 founding scientists and engineers from 
14 different research disciplines who are devoted to the 
development of a new generation of massively parallel 
computers that both mimic the human brain and provide 
insights into its behavior. 

Through seminars, joint research projects, student 
training programs. and special activities for industrial 
affiliates, INC bridges the disciplinary gaps between 
researchers in neuroscience, visual science, cognitive 
science. anificial intelligence, mathematics, economics, 
social SCience. and computer engineering. 

The field of neural computing or neural networks got 
its start in the 1960's. but was eclipsed for several decades 
by another approach to artificial intelligence known as 
"expert systems". Work by Hopfield and several key 
researchers at UCSO in the early 1980's sparked the 
current resurgence of interest. 

The lectureship is supported by the H.Paul Rockwood 
Memorial Fund, set up by the parent of UCSD alumnus 
Paul Rockwood after he died in a mountain climbing 
accident in 1984. Rockwood had earned degrees in 
Computer Science in 1980 and Psychology in 1981. both 
from UCSO. In 1983 he had founded a sofiware develop-
rnent company called Integral Solutions. Inc. 

,.The temperatures for ' 
Friday, Satureay: and 

. Sunday in San Diego 
ounty: 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD Epidemiologist Will Discuss 
Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine 

This year it has been predicted that approximately 1.5 
million people in the United States will suffer a heart attack, 
one-third of whom will die as a result. ' 

In two free lectures on Nov. 28. Michael Criqui. professor 
at the UCSD School of Medicine. will discuss risk factors for 
the progressive narrowing of the coronary arteries by ath-
erosclerosis.aconditioncalledcoronaryarterydisease(CHD). 
the major cause of heart attacks. He will also talk about the 
benefits of exercise and the role diet can play in preventing 
CHD. 

Criqui. who holds appointments in the Division ofEpide-
miology in the Department of Community and Family 
Medicine and in the Division of Cardiology in the Department 
of Medicine, has been a member of the fal..'ulty al UCSO since 
1976. HeisafellowoftheAmericanCollegeofEpidemiology. 
the Council on Epidemiology. the American Hean Ass0cia-
tion, and the American College of Preventive Medicine. 

Criqui will present "Diet and Exercise for Preventive 
Cardiology" at 4 p.m. al The Bishop's School. 7fJY7 La Jolla 
Boulevard, La Jolla and again at 8 p.m. in the Basic 
ScienceBuilding. 

Next Week's Physics, ChemSemlnars 
The Depanments of Cbemistty and Physics will hold the 

following serninarsduring the next weS. Due to the vacation, 
no seminars will be held on Thursday or Friday. 

• Monday - 4 p.m. Professor Maurice Brookhart of the 
University of North CaroJina will give a lecture on "Catalysis 
Using Electrophilic Late Transition Metal.. "1be seminar is 
scheduled to be held in in room 002 ofCSB. 

• Tuesday - 4 p.m. Dr. Michael Rich of Colwnbia 
University is scheduled to speak on "Bulge Population Stars" 
in Mayer Hall, room 4322. 

• Tuesday - 4 p.m. Dr. Hans Andersen from the Depart-
ment of Chemistry at Stanford University will give a lecture 
on "Molecular Dynamics Simulation of the Horno8ene0u5 
Nucleation of Crystals in a SupercooJedAtomic Liquid. "The 
lecture will be held in room 2102 of Urey Hall. 

• Wednesday - 2 p.m. Dr. K. Avinash of the University 
of Texas Institute for Fusion Studies will give a seminar on 
"Toroidal Equilibriwn ofNonneutral Plasmas. "The seminar 
will be held in Mayer Hall, room 4322. 

• Wednesday - 4 p.m. Dr. Doug McLaughlin of the 
University of California at Riverside will give a lecture in 
Mayer Hall. The topic is to be announced. 

Friday and Saturday 
Sunny with a few clouds 

Because of an approaching storm. 
surf is good to excellent in form. 
Surf Period Swell 
(Feet) (Secs.) Direction 
2-4 8-10 

Friday, November 16, 1990 

CompiI«I by K""t KorzOfl. Senior Staff Writer 
'IIIuIIdIr. *,.1: 
lOam.: M ilCiWtot ndant~ II .. ~ 1InN:IIDn~_ 
ItpIIIIId. 
to:1l) 1JIl: WID 11Gb nICMNd.1IIlIIn 1890 J8Ip 01er0Itee 110m La 603. 
4t1ipm.; FabIlCllMl.lllpClllotRlQnl ......... fllnat. IlilrVIOCIIIWilIbI 
on Nov. 5.114 p.m. ... La JaIl 011 SIII ___ 

". .... 1: 
1t101Jll:AIIIII,..,.I8POIIIIdIlClilq ....... lBIII*dlGllIam ..... 
."1IInn0laa'*-n Aug. 31 0 9IpI. '0. La: $8115. 
5p.m.:TWOle.,.-GI __ ..-.d."Malno,ntar~at"" 
II1II .... tar puIpIIIII at IIIICIIiV IixIItaIIc IIMnQII. liter _ diad n 
........ 

5:15p.m.: A .... "III*I .. ~ ... d.I88ST .. lida4lmCJI. 
CM1M~ t.3O am. 04:30p.m. La: S5.OOO. 
1:35p.m.:1itI:Inon r I _dlldn __ tarwndlllmtoollilll.-cl 
till 110m. ~ til ... La_ 

....., .... 12: 
2:25p.m.: A .... ....., lie ItIft d a IIIMion m ... HalllilllaurvII 
bIMIn 9 n 11 UI. LoIs: $180. 
352p.m.: A 1887 JllpWlqllroalldldwlt--rpoleeCli VoIgIOM_La 
310. The rMIw nI ~ _ '.1iijM1Id to ~ MImorItII HoIpiIIIby 
PllWliICb. 
8:15p.m.: A 1988J81p WlqllrItllllnIlomUCSO_ r-....dby .. SDPD, 1hI __ nailed. 

7;S/p.m.:A ... .....,IIeltlftof ....... TqjaHalIl7:10pm. La:S7.' 
7:30p.m:A ... JIIIQIIId ..... d.ItIIIIIIItum ...... ,a,.'IdrClGlctlIllTilga 
Hal '*-n 7:10 nl72I p.rn.lOI8 $38.' 
1WIIIIJ .... 13:: 
2:25pm.; A .... nnW IIflCII'Id tie .... at CIIIh 110m her pull811l1011 MMC on 
to, 12.~ l:3002lf5p.m.La$40. 
2:3Op.m.:AIIiIIIICIIIh"'_nIPOIIBdltllllnllom La801 CIIItw. 10. """9:30 
nll0:30 am. 
6:40p.m.: AIUII*t"-allldalfllOClll.rlllilyl Hal ...... 6:2006:25 
p.rn. and ..-I ...... LoIs: $40." 
7 p.m.: A 1984 NIuI pallid'" La 207 CIIqtIh due.,. tuy CIIIIIIWtIc CIilIMIIIIr. 
1hI VIIIicI8 -1Xt9JIIIted by tie SDFD. 

GUA-KnIAN 
PHIL GRUEN. Editor In ChIef 
ROBIN MACLEAN. IIBnBgIng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInion Editor 
LES BRUVOLO. AAOCIate Spolts Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Sports Editor 
JAMES COlUER. DHlgn Editor 
GREG DIXON. AAOCIate OpInIon Editor 
BILL DOWLER. Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMILTON, AaocIete News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, AssocIate NrNs Editor 
LARA HEISLER. AssocIate Atfs Editor 
CHRI5nNA HUIZAR. AsllOd8te Atfs Editor 
PETER KO. AaocIBfe SpoIts Editor 
JENNFER KOLSKY. Pftoto Editor 
KENT KORZON. Associate Copy Editor 
LENa LOH. AnsIEnr.rtllllvnent Editor 
MEL MARCELO. AssocIate Gnlphlcs Editor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, AssocIaIe Futures Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AssocInI Photo Editor 
JUUE PUZON, FetltutN Editor 
JEFF QUAN. Graphlctl Editor 
JASON SNEll. News Editor 
RIMAS UZGlRlS. Photo EdIIor • 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI. AaocIIIte Futures Editor 
JENNFER YANCEY. ArtslEnlet18lnmenr Editor 

BOB DeANDREA. Business ".nag., 
MICHAEL FOULKS. Advertising "snag.r 
MIKE MARTINEZ. Advertising Design., 
E. LEIGH HENRY. Ctu.lfl«l ".",. ... nt.tlv. 
AdIfIIMtgAap_ ...... .,..ao.ter,hryF~. TtmSchnr. Doug 9\IddI 
---. _ Leomo 1IoIqio. o.wt CoM. _.......",. P .... v_ 
CIn:oMIIi: Ka S. Wq • .-. 1M 
1lIrUCSO_·_ ........ ~ .. ,...,......, ... _jo."' .. b .. 
- .. ucso.~ .... _."'1 ..... _._ ... ~._,.-.1o 
__ .01 . ....... _ , n.UCSO_."'_blw"""oI_ 
~txart.n.--........,"QIIPIcs.-clI9'* ...... CI'COIIWIInIIlriIIdo,..t-'r .... 
...... oIn...ao",.... .. """""' .. _ .... __ ,"'".--.u. 
'""""'_""' . .-.""".,... ....... .,.1 

WIoriaI: S3oW5IO, ........ 0IIice: 534·3466, fax: 534-7691 
UCSD GuarJian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La JoIo, CA 92093-0316 

Friday, November 16, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Plans for Light Rail Trolley Route on Gilman Dr. Scrapped 
By Eric Schmidt 
Staff Writer 

UCSDand!he MetropOlitan Tran-
sit lXvelopmentBoard (MrDB) have 
agreed thai the San Diego Ught Rail 
Trolley will not follow a proposed 
route through the center of campus. 

UCSD has consistently opposed 
the central campus route, one of three 
proposednorth-sou!h alignments run-
ningthrough the UCSDarea. 

According to UCSO Campus 
Community Planner Milton Phegley, 
the agreement "has been a long time 
coming, and it ' s of great benefit 10 
everyone." 

The agreement provides that the 
MIDB will cease to consider the 
alignment that runs around the Vet-
erans Administration Hospital along 
Gilman Drive. MIDB will instead 
focus on a route along Interstate 5 or 
Regents Road, both of which eventu-
ally lead to Del Mar. 

UCSO will provide land for poo;-
sible stations along the eastern end of 
campus. Accon:ling to the agreement. 
the university will grant free right-of-
way to the trolley system. 

UCSO planners. while encourag-
ing the development of alternative 
lransportation through the university 
area, have long battled against the 
proposed Gilman Drive route. 

While it would be more conve-
nient for the central campus. Phegley 
said the route would create "a great 
deal of disruption to !he campus." 

UCSO's Long Range Develop-
ment Plan explicitly slates the 
university's view that the trolley sta-
tionshouldbelocatedeastofInterstate 
5. The plan explains that an east cam-
pus talion would "allow pedestrians 

to walk to destination on both the 
central and eastern segments of the 
campus." 

Other detrimental impacts of the 
Gilman Drive alignment were dis-
cussed during last week's MfDB 
meeting. 

According to the meeting agenda, 
UCSD adminislrators have said the 
route would create traffic congestion 
along Gilman Drive. In addition. vi-
bration, noise. and electromagnetism 
would hurt research activities. The 
administralorssay it wouldalsoattract 
fewer riders and take more time than 
other routes. 

In the agenda, administtators also 
argued that alignments along the east 
campus would bemoreconvenient to 
the outside community as well as the 
future UCSD population center as it 
spreads to the east campus. 

According to UCSD'sLongRange 
Development Plan. however. all fu-
tureon-campus housing andall future 
undergraduate colleges will be built 
on the north end of campus. not the 
east end 

Despite the grant ofland use to the 
MfDB,Phegleyindicatedthal noreal 
costs to UCSD will result from the 
agreement. 

"The land used will not be gaining 
revenue otherwise," he said. 

Land use will only affect future 
buildings and university planning. 
MfDB will pay all costs involved in 
consnuction W1der the agreement ex-
cept land right-of-way. 

Phegley said that the trolley sys-
tem will benefit UCSD. 

"It will bring light rail service to the 
campus and possibly eliminate the 
need for future parking lots." he said. 

UCSD has agreed to provide an 
expansion of the existing shuttle ser-
vice fromcemralcampus to the trolley 
stations. Thus. the trolley will be more 
accessible to students. 

MfDB also agreed !hat no east-
west spur will cross UCSD parcels or 
open-space areas. Instead, the board 
will consider a university-suggested 
La Jolla Village Drive a1temate line. 

None of the provisions of the 
agreement are definite yet. Bo!h the 
UC Regents and the MIDB directors 
must first ratify !he decision. 

According to Phegley. there is a 
slight possibility that MIDB will de-
cide to re-examine the Gilman Drive 
route. In that case, MIDB would not 
ratify the agreement. 

He suggested !hat the UC Regents 

will probably not ratify the agreement 
until right-of-way is granled for the 
fmal route,abouttwo years from now. 

In any case. contractors will not 
complete the trolley extension. at an 
estimated cost of $365 million. until 
1996. Environmental assessments and 
cost-ridership reports must be com-
pleted before the two-year-long con-
struction process can begin. 

Possible Station Sites 

MIRAMAR 
NAS 

Booed 

Jeff Quan/Guardian 

NOW OPEN 

.......,IDEO GALLERY 
'\OSTA VERDE CENTER 

There s a Place for You 
on the Legal Team 

Big,e.t SELECTION in the Ana 0 Free Parking 
NEW.' EASES: THE HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER 
• BACK TO THE FUTURE Ill . BIRD ON A WIRE 

• ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW. CADILLAC MAN 
-----------------------

Bring This Ad to Rent One Movie 
and get a Second Rental FREE! 

legal 
Assistant 
Program 

The legal assistant who works as part of the 
legal team plays an important role in the de-
livery of legal services. The job responsibilities 
are as varied as a law firm's practice. UCSD 
Extension offers daytime and evening Legal 
Assistant Programs that prepare you to enter 
the field. 
• ABA approved 
• Courses are taught by members of the Bar 

and practicing legal assistants 
• Instruction in computerized legal systems 
• Geared to those who have already earned a 

degree 
• Tuition can be paid on an installment basis (daytime program) 
Information meetings and free aptitude tests 
are scheduled for December 1.9 a.m.-1 p.m. 
and December 5. 5:3(}-9 p.m. Phone 534-
6353. X109 to reserve a space and for more 
Information. 

Monday thru Thursday. Expires 11/30/90 
----------------------

8750 Genessee in the Costa Verde Center 
near the Soup &;cluuageo 450-1766 

Hours: Sun.·Thurs. 11 am·9 pmIFri.·S~t. 11 am-lO pm 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free consultallon and inlllal trea/me1ll15 min. S20 value. Firs/·llme clieTlls only)' 

Eyebrows 

Uppet Up 
Ctin · 

Underarms 

Ihas. 

Stomach 

Bil<ini line 

Fingers 

Legs 
Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American Medkal Association 
approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic eleclrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female staff, state lie, technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's ElectrolYSiS 
Lajollll VUlage Proftss1oMal Ceffter Bebilld Elepbal7t Bar 
8950 Villa £aJolla Dr. Sle. 2121 



OPINION 
4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Friday, November 16, 1990 

COM MENTARI ES 

• Sex-crazed college students 
should protect themselves 
By Greg Dixon, Associate Opinion Editor 

~ It's hard to find a more active 
:0 ' group of people than college 

students. If there is a social activity 
in existence anywhere, college students 

either invented it, or pushed it to the outer limits of 
its potential. 

College students enjoy sex as a recreational 
activity with great energy and frequency. It is one of 
the most popular pastimes of our generation. A 
substantial amount of our waking (and some of our 
sleeping) time is spent either doing it, or thinking 
about it. 

Now, this may summon an image of hordes of 
desperate, ex-crazed young people on a non-stop 
fornication frenzy, but this is not necessarily the 
case. College students are not so single-minded a 
that. 

It is true, however, that college students are more 
sexually active than any other si ngle group of 
people in this nation. This may be because we are 
more virile, or just because we need something to 
take our minds off the pressure of classes. 

Regardless of the reasons for this energetic 
activity, it has the potential for danger. No, I'm not 
going to claim that sex is evil, or that we are all 
selling our souls to Satan by engaging in premarital 
fornication. The danger is more solid and readily 
apparent. 

For all of our fervent activity and deep conCl"m 
for the act of intercourse, college students have a 
d;sheartening habit of being careless about it. 

Perhaps it is a sense of our own invincibility. It 
could be th.at we are optimists. It may could even be 
that we are just shon-sighted. No maner the reason, 
no maner the motive, we must realize that the world 
is not a rosy place (forgive the pun) and we must 
take steps in the direction of self-protection. 

The college student has an entire life left to live, 
a life that can still go in many directions. A Single 
mistake can cause a lifetime of woes. Pregnancy and 
sexually transmitted diseases are not to be ignored. 

See PROTECTION, page 5 

A.I.D.S. Cuts Across Many Social Boundaries 
By Steve Simmons, Contributing Opinion Writer 

When I first heard about A.I.D.S. 
in 1985, during my sophomore year lmEfllJkf in high school, I thought that I did 

not need to be concerned about the 
spread of illV. After all, no one I knew had the 
d!sease and I certainly did not plan on getting it , so 
why worry? 

Little did I know that four years later a friend of 
mine would tell me that he has A.I.D.S. 

1 remember being upset and frustrated, thinking 
that he would become one of those awful pwple 
that they show on the six o'clock news. 

I felt as if Randy had been handed a virtual 
death sentence and there was nothing I could do to 
help him. And now, a year later, I can see why I 
was so distraught. 

A.l.D.S. had finally hit close to home, closer 
than I had wanted it to, and now I was being forced 

• The Epidemic is far beyond the point of 
indenti~ing risk groups; the focus should 
now be on how people are infected 
to deal with this devastating disease. 

When I think back to the early years of the 
A.l.D.S. epidemic, I have noticed that society 
perceived A.l.D.S. to be a disease of "them" and 
never "us," For Americans, it was a disease 
originating in distant Africa. For Europeans, it was 
a matter to be dealt with by the Americans and the 
Africans. For people living in small towns, A.LD.S. 
was a disease isolated in big cities like New York, 
San Francisco, and Los Angeles. For Blacks and 
Hispanics, it was a disease for whites. 

For heterosexuals, A.l.D.S. was a "gay disease." 
For gays, it was a disease that only the promi cuous 
got. For women, it was a disease of men. Even 

today, seven years after the epidemic was recog-
nized in the United States, people still cling in 
desperation to the belief that they will not be 
affected by this wretched disease. I used to think 
that too. 

I read someplace that A.l.D.S. affects the four 
h's - "homos, hemophiliacs, Haitians, and heroin 
junkies," but now its spreading into the fifth h -
heterosexuals. Perhaps it is about time that we 
replace the five h's with one h - humans. 

It took a friend coming down with this disease 
for me to realize that the mv does not care if you 
are black or white, male or female, gay or 
straight,rich or poor. All you are to the virus is a 
bunch of cells that can provide the proper condi-
tions needed to reproduce. 

The A.I.D.S. epidemic has gone far beyond the 
point where identifying "risk groups" will do us any 

See DISEASE, page 5 

Friday, November 16, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

People Infected With A.I.D.S. Need to Be Indentified 
A.I.D.S. is a disease with many 

questions. Unfortunately, a unique 
group in our society is blindly ada-
mant about preserving a positive 
view of their way of life, or 
"lifestyle" as it is called. Due to 
extensive lobbying and the water-
ingdownofinformation,American 
society is paying the cost. In the end, 
the government has decided to take 
a non-aggressive, research-oriented approach towards a 
disease that desperately needs to be stopped. 

Many people, both hetem- and homosexual, are very 
concemed about the public's view of gay life. As a result, 
there has been a large effort, political and social, to 
generate acceptance of these practices. One of the products 
of this effon has been the "coming-out-of-the-closet" 
movement. These days we can see gays joining together in 
large numbers in order to walk to Capitol Hill or to do 
something as simple as to have a parade. Unfortunately, 
their fear of homophobia has resulted in the glossing over 
of some important facts about A.I.D.S. 

the other is sure to get it. In the end, the baby is the loser. 
This serves two purposes: this will prevent one spouse 

from unknowingly (or knowingly) infecting the other, 
and it will prevent yet another baby from coming into this 
world condemned with A.I.D.S. 

A second preventative measure would be to require 
all health insurance applications and renewals to include 
an A.I.D.S, test. This method would allow more people 
infected with the virus to become aware of it and thus 
take measures to prevent the continued irresponsible 
spread of the disease. 

The next step should be government knowledge of 
any person who has A.I.D.S., including the person 
responsible for the original transmission of the disease. 
This is already done with syphilis (in addition to other 
highly contagious diseases) and has proven effective in 
controlling the spread of the disease. 

Too many people, from prostitutes to intravenous 
drug users, knowingly spread A.I.D.S. Someone has to 
step in and prevent these people from "killing" innocent 
victims. Granted, the idea of the government having 
A.I.D.S. files on some of our citizens is very disturbing, 
but so are the consequences of lening A.I.D.S. continue 
to run unchecked. 

The most important agency for government A.I.D.S. 
information, and thus the one most affected by political 
pressure is the government-run Center for Disease Control 
(CDC). 

classrooms." Yet the CDC continues to say A.I.D.S. is not 
a highly contagious disease. 

William F. Buckley notes some of these methods and 
proposes an even more drastic, yet effective plane for 
eliminating the spread of A.I.D.S. Buckley states that 
those who are found to be carriers should receive a tattoo 
on their buttocks to prevent the victimization of other 
innocent people. If one thinks about this method, it is not 
all that offensive. 

It bas been noted that the people who work outside the 
CDC can speak significantly more candidly than those 
within. The reason is simple: politics. When one works for 
the govemment, one does what the government says and in 
tum the government does what the lobbyists want. In this 
case the lobbyists want to prevent the homophobia that 
might ensue if the nation develops A.I.D.S. hysteria. 

Gay rights activists cite such examples of cities' at-
tempts to close down high-risk establishments, like bath-
houses, where anal and oral sex are encouraged. A repre-
sentative of the Coalition of Lesbian and Gay Rights 
claims acts such as these "are designed to take the heat off 
the state and put it on gay men .. . [as well as) ignore 
everything we know about A.I.D.S." and are a sign of 
society's growing homophobia. 

Professor William Haseltine of the Harvard Medical 
School, one of the most prominent leaders in the field of 
A.I.D.S. research, has stated, "Anyone who tells you 
A.I.D.S. is not contracted by saliva is not telling you the 
truth ... there are sure to be cases of proven transmission 
through casual contact." Unlike other commentators on 
A.I.D.S., Prof. Haseltine has no moral or political chip on 
his shoulder. He is, in fact, one of the main researchers 
responsible for discovering the reproductive mechanisms 
of A.I.D.S. Prof. Haseltine has also warned, "If you think 
you're tired of hearing about A.I.D.S. now, I can tell you 
we' re only at the beginning." 

With the exception of the locker room, most people 
do not see the unclothed behind of a man or woman. 
When the time comes that the said portion of the body is 
to be exposed and the ensuing action of sexual contact is 
about to be perfonned, the other person has the right to 
know if their partner has A.I.D.S. 

Generally, the statements we see from the CDC claim 
thatA.I.D.S. is not a highly contagious disease. Is this true? 
To truly understand the validity of these statements it must 
remember that the CDC is government controlled, and 
sadlyenough,mostofthe information from this organization 
is grossly understated. 

I am not airing these facts to promote fear of A.I.D.S. 
or homophobia, I simply find it grossly unfair that one 
group is so determined to prevent bad public relations that 
they trample upon the health and safety of American 
society. We don' t have to look any further than the current 
practice of dentists using gloves when treating patients, or 
firemen catching A.I.D.S. from giving mouth to mouth 
resuscitation, in order to see the facility by which one can 
catch A.I.D.S. 

This idea is the most powerful one [have heard. The 
trouble with implementing this scheme is with society 's 
difficulty in accepting this type of method. It runs counter 
to our sense of freedom and conjures up ideas about 
Naziism or 'The Scarlet Letter," but if we truly wanted 
to end the disease, once and for all, this might be the 
option. 

To say A.I.D.S. must be stopped is not condemning a 
lifestyle. It is condemning A.I.D.S. In the words of 
Richard Restak, "A.I.D.S. has no civil rights. "Too often 
we see the term "right to privacy" thrown around as if it 
is supreme to all other rights. In the case of A.I.D.S., this 
just isn't so. A.I.D.S. is a deadly disease which is 
spreading too quickly . Itis time for drastic measures. We 
must remember: Toc1ing on to the right to privacy, even 
in the face of impending death, is nothing Ie s than a 
pyrrhic victory. 

If we piece together various responses from the CDC 
we can see them admitting that bloody fights in which one 
participant has A.I.D.S. would "arouse some concern 
about the transmission of the virus ... [because of] the 
possibility of the exchange of body fluids ... " They have 
also been quoted as saying "A.I.D.S. victims who can not 
control body secretions should be kept out of ordinary 

, nus is by far the most dangerous disease of the 20th 
century. We must take drastic measures to deal with this 
drastic disease. The first step is to identify the carriers. 

One way to slow down the transmission of A.I.D.S. is 
to require testing for people who wish to receive marriage 
licenses. We all know that A.I.D.S. can be and is transmit-
ted to the fetus from the mother, and if one partner has it, 

PROTECTION: Students 
should use sexual caution 

DISEASE: Students must 
educate themselves 

Continued from page 4 
Eitheronecouldchange the course 
of one's life. 

It is a matter of great concern 
that college students do not accept 
that there is a responsibility which 
goes along with sexual activity. 
This responsibility is a simple one: 
Use Protection. 

I realize that many males do 
not like to place a rubber sheath 
around their love swo,ds, but 
condoms are easy to use, inexpen-
sive, and the surest protection 
available for the male of the spe-
cies. Men must realize that it is 
their responsibility to suit up be-
fore they play the game. 

Women have a wider variety 
of options, and at least one of 
these should be used fofthe pre-
vention of pregnancy and disease. 
Both panners should use protec-
tion. Both must take responsibil-
ity for their own safety. 

The surest fonn of protection 
is abstinence, but it is not a realistic 
solution for most people (or any-
one, if you ask my roommate). 
hort of ab tinence, responsible 

sexual activity is the only reason-

able altemati ve. It is simple and 
easy to use protection, at least it is 
easier than the potential conse-
quences 

Sexual act! vity on college cam-
puses is not at all a bad thing. Sex, 
in itself is a healthy act which 
humans have practiced as long as 
we have been around on this planet. 
Sex is natural. There is nothing 
inherently wrong with it. 

Yet, in a world where disease is 
on the rise, responsible sex seems 
critical. A.I.D.S. knows no bound-
aries. It doesn't care if you're ho-
mosexual, straight, or any other 
orientation, you die just the same. 

If college students wish to 
continue the to have unprotected 
sex, so be it, but the risks will only 
increase. Sexually transmitted 
diseases among college students 
are a growing problem WhICh 
shows no signs of diminishing. 

Students must realize that they 
live in a dangerous world, a world 
that is unforgiving. A careful and 
responsible cour e of action will 
allow student to enjoy sex with a 
minimum of danger to life and 
limb. 

Continued from page 4 
good. We need to realize that it is not 
a matter of who is contracting mv, 
but how people are getting HIV. 

As college students, many of us 
feel invincible, that we will always 
be young, healthy, and strong, that 
we will not die. That is where we are 
mistaken. 

Who is to say that some freak 
accident will not happen today, cut-
ting our lives short? That freak ac-
cident could beA.I.D.S. I think that 
it is especially important to consider 
this when thinking about having 
sex. 

Many of us are at our so-called 
"sexual peak," a point where our 
hormone levels are surging, and 
sexual experimentation is quite 
cornmon, a point where we are most 
susceptible to contracting illY. A 
frightening statistic is that people 
between the ages of 20 and 29, an 
age group that many college stu-
dents fall into, account for approxi-
mately one out of every five A.ID.S. 
cases. 

Let's face it, the ancy Reagan 
"just say no" approach to sex i not 
working. 0 what can we do to 

protect our lives? 
It is quite simple. Theeasiest and 

most painless thing to do is get the 
facts about HIV and A.I.D.S. There 
are a wide variety of resources 
available both on-campus and off. 
Call Student Health Services or the 
A.I.D.S. Foundation - San Diego 
for answers to your questions, or 
find books and read !he latest infor-
mation. 

Secondly, for people who are 
sexually active, please useacondom. 
Not using one can be a matter oflife 
or death, namely yours! 

The time has long since passed 
that we Can count on the federal 
government to come up with a cure 
for A.ID.S., and now we must take 
matters into our own hands (no pun 
intended). 

We should realize that if we are 
to survive this epidemic, we need to 
modify our behavior, including our 
attitudes about sex and condoms. 
For those of you who have not expe-
rienced the battle with A.I.D.S., it 
can only be described at best as a 
long, emotionally draining and 
physically exhau ting ordeal that I 
hope none of you have to go through. 

Are We 
Repressed? 
What Do 
You Think? 
...... UCSD GuardIan 
-w.lco ..... your 
.. ...... ancl 
~ 
Drop your letter at 
.... Guarclian offices 
(on the second Raor 
of the Student 
c. ...... aboftthe 
General Store) or 
..... ltto: 

Opinion IdiIor 
Gucw:lan 

9500 GImon Dr. 
0316 

La JoIa, Ca 92093-
0316 

&..n.n should be 
1Jped, double 
..eel and should 
include a signature 
ancIaphone 
number. Unsigned 
........willnotbe 
printed. W • ......-va 
the right to edit for 
length and clarity. 



6 NEWS 

• NOW OPEN. 
R. Beizale, D.D.S. 

Member: ADA CDA, 
SDCDS 

Professional Dentistry 
9 am-6 pm Mon. -Fri. 

• MEDI-CAL and most insurance accepted 
, 

NEW PATIENT 
INTRODUCTORY FEES 

Full mouth examination $ 5 00 
Four Bite Willg X-rays 2 
& cleaning 

Porcelain Crown $ 3 5 0 00 
~ 

1349 Camino Del Mar • 792-8880 • Del Mar 

... __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ 11111 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

TOM'S Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \NIl and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-------------------------

'Mus! present coupon and void lJCSl) 10 at tIMe olestrnote 
Not vaIrd Wlm 1110lOI engne Of tronstrisslon repoiB. 

I 450:9L494 I 
'..-; -

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
Ab')ut Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

--------

rr • _-

ur·IAN 
8LO wo urI The tf!tt"'ate Sung/ass Shoppe 
Over 50 name brands & 3,000 frames in stock from $5 to $800 

• Special orders· Replacement paI1s • Binoculars· Goggles 

•••••••••••••••••••• I !ICIp CQ!IO!I I Expire. 12/16/90 I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I Eyes on Del Mar Mon.·Sat. 10-9 1555 Camino Del Mar II 
I Del Mar Plaza Sun. 11-6 Street level· 792-9211 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

The UCSD Guardian 

COLLEGES 
ContinUed from page 1 
American Cultures requirement, while 
other courses, such as specific offer-
ings in the new Ethnic Studies De-
paI1l11ent, are under consideration by 
the Executive Committee of ReveUe. 

Revelle Provost F. Thomas Bond 
expressed confidence about the 
proposal's funrre. 

"[The proposal) has been recom-
mended by CEP. The chances ofitllOl 
being approved at the [Academic 
Senate) meeting are slim," he said . 

The proposed Third College re-
quiremenrs corne out of a long-range 
plan developed by ProvostCecil Lytle, 
according to Mae Brown, director of 
AcademicAdvisingforThirdCollege. 
The aim of the proposal is to create a 
curriculum which emphasizes the 
"development of the scholar and citi-
zen," Brown said 

The largest change would be the 
creation of a three-<luarter core course 
sequence tilled ' 'Di versity ,J ustice,and 
Imagination." 

Thi sequence, designed to inte-
grate the current twCHjuarter writing 
program and the Societal Analysi 
requirement, con islS of one four-unit 
class and two six-unit classes, which 
must be completed with letter grades 
by the end of a student's first year. 

CHADWELL 
Continued from page 1 
process. 

"It's a hard-ass therapy, but as a 
last resort... the success rate is 
there," he said ''They've got 30 or 
40 people in the program ... but 
when [cancer) goes metastatic in 
the liver and the lungs [as it did witb 
Diana], it's hard." 

Chadwell spoke in a poloitive, 
upbeat tone when he discussed his 
memories of his wife and of the 
support they received from UCSD. 

"TIle benefit run was the neatest 
thing," he said. "It was really beau-
tiful.. . the nicest thing anybody 
could ever do." 

According to officials from the 
Physical Education Department, the 
run raised over $4,000 to help pay 
for Diana's medical bills. 

"I kept a diary of the whole treat-
menlo from day one until the last 
week," ChadweU said. "I was with 
Diana when she passed away that 
morning. 

"She was an incredible fighter," 
he said. 

So You're 
Planning To 

Get Married .. 
Contact Marilyn 
Hansen of Wedding 
Associates for 
reliable resources 
and referrals 

.. . at no cost 
to you! 

528-2208 
3111 Camino del Rio N. 

Suite 400 
Mis ion Valley 

According to Brown, the core se-
quence was developed "to assure that 
all Third College srudenrs would have 
a oonunon experience." 

Third's Operative Logic require-
ment, which currently requires that 
studenrs take one Mathematics or 
Statistics course and one Computer 
COW'Se, will be replaced by the Math-
ematicsandLogicrequircmcnt, which 
allows studenrs toCOlT4>leteeilhertwo 
Mathematics courses or one Math-
ematics and one Computer course. 

The proposal breaks down the 
currentthree-courseHwnanities,Fme 
Arts, or Foreign Language require-
ment into a Fine Arts section, requir-
ing one course in Music, Theatre or 
Visual Arts, and a Hwnanities and 
Culnrre section, which requires one 
Ethnic Studies course and one Third 
World Studies course. 

The new Disciplinary Breadth 
section, evolved from Third's current 
three-class Noncontiguous Upper-
Division requirement, requires four 
classes noncootiguous to the student's 
major. 

Of the four, two must be upper-
division, and "one course must in-
clude significant writing," according 
to the proposal. 

Third's proposal also offers a pub-
lic service option that encourages stu-
dents to become involved in the sur-

Friday, November 16,1990 

rounding community by giving credit 
forone four -unit DisciplinaJy Breadth 
course forparticipating in "supervised 
public service volunteer wodc off-
campus." As examples of public ser-
vice, Brown cited courses from the 
Teacher Education Program, which 
invol ves students in assisting in local 
elementary school classrooms. 

Estabtislvnent of a Third CoUege 
Convocation Series, in which lectures 
and forumsoncurrent issues would be 
presented oy the coUege, is also rec-
ommended by the proposal. Students 
enrolled in the Diversity, Justice, and 
Imagination series would be required 
to participate in at least one lecture. 

Third CoUege presented two such 
lectw"es last winter and spring, tilled 
''The Relationship between Jews and 
Blacks Since the Civil Rights Move-
ment," and "Is There Science After 
Peace?" 

The aim of the Convocation Series 
is "to really have studenrs look at real 
issues, contemporary issues, that im-
pact them as young people," Brown 
said. 

Like Bond, Brown is optimistic 
about the proposal. 

"We're excited about it," Brown 
said, "we've gotten very positive 
feedback from student in town 
meetings and through our ad hoc 
committee. " 

WEDNESDA v's ASSOCIATED STUDENTS MEETING 

Appointments: 
• Annene Mosley, as Undergraduate Student 

Representative to the Academic Senate, San Diego 
Division. 

• Gloria Corral, as Undergraduate Student Representative 
to the Academic Senate, San Diego Division. 

• Sarah Valdovinos, as A.S. Representative to the Student 
Subcommittee to the Chancellor's Affirmative Action 
Advi ory Committee. 

Allocation: 
• $800 to MEChA for transportation costs for the 199 J 

Annual High School Conference, from the General 
Unallocated fund. 

Resolutions Passed: 
• The council urged that the university administration call 

a halt to the practice of randomly searching student 
computer files, and suggested that guidelines be 
developed to protect the privacy of UCSD students and 
the documents contained in their computer files. 

• The council opposed the current policy revision 
proposed by the Committee on Educational Policy that 
would allow up to six units in the ensemble courses 
(series numbered 95) to be repeated for a letter grade. 

- Anton Bittner 

Friday, November 16,1990 

• Lucky is the winner in 
the supermarket wars 
By Tracl Powell 
Staff Writer 

Hunters and gatherers once roamed the planet. 
They acquired skills necessary to hunt and gather 
efficiently. Eventually, they learned to tame 
animals and domestically grow their own food, 
moving into a farming community. 

Years later, these people learned the art of 
buying and selling their goods. Yet only the wise 
could tame the new beast - prices. 

The lowest supermarket prices, as revealed by 
the California Public Interest Research Group's 
(CalPIRG) 1990 ''3Oth Food Price Survey," are 
found at Lucky. According to CaJPIRG's survey of 
six major grocery store chains in San Diego, 
Advantage carne in second to Luck.y, followed by 
Ralphs, Alpha Beta, Big Bear, and Vons respec-
tively. 

Jeffrey Francis, CaJPIRG's consumer program 
director, said there were some significant changes 
this year. 

"Lucky is the lowest again, but the surprises this 
See MARKETS, Page 8 

FEATURES 
The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 7 

• Science of nutrition 
leaves America 
'scientifically illiterate' 
By Michelle Voll 
Guardian Reporter 

"Everything 1 eat has been proved by some 
doctor or other to be deadly poison, and 
everything I don ' t eat has been proved to be 
indispensable for life. But I go marching on," 
once said George Bemard Shaw, the Irish 
dramatist and philosopher. 

At some point in time we are all concerned 
with unreasonable food fears. But contrary to 
the wisdom of the lri h philosopher, several 
doctors contend that no food ill irselfis bad or 
"poison." 

"What makes food good or bad for you is 
volume, balance, and interaction. What you 
eat matters less than how much you eat, when 
you eat it, and what other foods you're also 
eating," explained Dr. Paul Saltman, profes-
sor of Biology at UCSD, in The California 
Nutrition Book, a Food Guide/or the '90s. 

Saltman is a biochemist who teaches 
undergraduate nutrition courses. counsels, 
currently works with 12 medical students 
interested in nutrition, and is involved in 
public speaking and writing. Although there 
are no fool-proof formulas, Saltman suggests, 
"the right number of calories and the 40 
nutrients need to be coordinated with age, sex, 
and genetics." 

This coordination and learning about 
different foods may take some effort, but 
without nutritional knowledge one may not be 
able to put the right foods together. ow this 
doesn't mean we can't pursue eating with 
pleasure. Pizza, so often said to be "junk 
food," is one of "the most nutritious dense 
foods," he said. 

College students aren't immune to the 
issues conceming nutrition . Most of us have 
in some way or another experienced the 
campu cafeteria food. Saltman rates cafeteria 
food as "very good." Many freshmen and 
sophomores living on campus tend to have 
meal plans. But how do students living off 
campus manage their diet? 

The number of off-campus students rating 
their eating habits as healthy or as unhealthy 
is evenly distributed. 

"I don ' t eat a balanced diet. I eat salads, 
vegetables and fruit , but no meat - not 
enough protein . I don' t have set meals, and 
grab stuff here and there," said senior Julie 
Jaquette. She said she developed her eating 
habits according to her life tyle of going to 
school and working. 

Junior Janice Wade, who frequently cooks 
together with her other three roommates, tries 
to be conscious about her diet. Some of the 
foods she eats include "fish, Mexican and 
Indian foods , and lasagne." 

Wade branched out from her diet habits at 
home and became a vegetarian. HI eat fish, 
and [instead of] red meat I substitute [it with) 
peanut butter." 

Senior Bonnie Rosen has tumed to 
microwaveable meals, for they take the least 
preparation. 

Junior Aaron Cheesman admits that we all 
are sometimes subject to temptation. He likes 
to eat lots of pasta. 

"Once in a while when I don't have a 
midtenn, I try to be more creative than that," 
Cheesman said. 

Christine Noaszo, a junior, acknowledges 
that she easily gets tired after she skips meals. 

According to Saltman there is a direct 
correlation between a balanced diet and 
physical and mental productivity. 

Lack. of the trace element iron causes 
fatigue. He finds that young women often also 
lack calcium. This mineral, contained in 

See NUTFUTIOM, Page 8 



8 FEATURES 

By David Ferris 
Staff Writer 

Linle Haydee Ramirezdid what 
anyadvemurou child might have 
done: she dislocated her arm while 
climbing on the monkey bars. 

But hermotherdid not ru h her 
to the hospital as another mother 
might have done. Mrs. Ramirez 
took her daughter to a curandero, 
a Chicano traditional healer who 
applied oils to the area and mas-
saged the bone back into place. 
"And the pain was gone," Ramirez 
said. 

Now Ramirez isa UCSD senior 
studying to be a doctor. Unlike her 
Chicano ancestors from Mexico, 
she does not intend to heal through 
herbal teas or shots of tequila, or 
treat asthma with garlic and lemon 
juice, as her ancestors have done 
for generations. 

She has, however, found a way 
to pursue her health goals while 
remaining COMected to her cul-
ture. She is the co-chair of an orga-
nization called Students Active 
Toward Community Health 
(SATCH). 

"It 's for students who want to 
make a difference in the commu-
nity," ex plained Christy DiMarino, 
last year's co-chair of SATCH. 
"We want to bring awareness to 
ourselves and the community." 

The club, composed mostly of 
pre-medical studems, deals with 
the problems of the Chicano com-
munity in the San Diego area. The 

NUTRITION 
Continued from page 7 
milk, plays a role in preventing 
osteoporosis, the bone deteriora-
tion that most often cripples older 
women, he said. 

"An unhealthy diet is related to 
manyoftheleadmgcause of death 
in the U.S.," Novella said. "Obe-
sity increases the likelihood of 
developing many of these [deadly] 
diseases." 

"I don 't ee as much obesity 
here at UCSD as elsewhere in so-
ciety. Butl still would like to see 
less," said Saltman. 

Obesity is a nutritional disease. 
Obese people are classified as those 
who excred by 20 percent the de-
sirable weight level for their height. 
Being overweight increases the risk 
of diabetes, stroke, heart disease, 
hypertension, and cancer. 

" American food is cheap, plen-
tiful, and we do not manage self-
diSCipline. Managing one's weight 
needs to be done in the context of 
behavior modification," Saltman 
said. 

The other extreme of dieting 
Saltman sees, especially among 
female students, is anorexia. 

Anorexia is characterized by 
aversion to food and obsession with 
weight loss which is manifested in 
self-induced starvation, and ex-
cessive exercise. 

''This comes from the impor-
tance of our self-image in society, 
necessary for our self-realization," 
he said. 

Although nutrition plays a 
significant role in a person 's self-
image, it is not reflected to a great 
extent in education. 

" It is imperative for you to get 
the right information about food 
and nutrition so that you can make 
smart food choices, "Novella said. 

Nutrition is a science, accord-
ing to Saltman, but is not given 

member hip i 
multi -racial de-
pite this focus. 

"You can't 
solve the prob-
lems of the mi-
nority [and] poor 
communities, but 
you can help," Dr. 
Ramon Pinon, 
profes or of biology and the first 
sponsor of the club. 

The 10 students who founded 
SATCH back in 1974 were en-
dowed with what Pinon called "a 
missionary spirit." After their 
ground breaking efforts, SA TCH 
now has 30 active members and a 
slate of programs on both sides of 
the U.S.-Mexico border. 

Many projects directly assist 
people in Tijuana. Members vol-
unteer at the Trauma Cemer in 
Tijuana, pulling all-night stints 
helping doctors on Friday or Sat-
urday nights . The ill-equipped 
hospital and the opportunity to use 
Spanish in a practical situation 
make this program a challenge. 
Those certified as Emergency 
Medical Technicians can assist in 
the ambulances. 

The club al 0 visits Tijuana to 
administer vaccinations to school 
children, and arranges clothes 
drives and Christmas gift boxes 
for orphanages. 

On this side of the border, 
SATCH participates in Project 
Salsa, taking cholesterol and dia-

"We have scientifi-
cally illiterate people 
in America. They be-
lieve all the garbage 
on TV." 

- Dr. Paul Saltman, 
professor of biology 

enough attemion in schooling. 
"We have scientifically illiter-

ate people in America. They be-
lieve all the garbage on TV. We 
have to understand what is in food, 
then it can give us [both] pleasure 
and enough nutrient ," sa id 
Saltman. 

Gesiring to change this illit-
eracy, Saltman founded of the 
Teacher Science Institute everal 
years ago, where elementary school 
children participate in simple ex-
periments in the classroom which 
gives them "a taste of science," 
according to Saltman. 

More knowledge of nutrition is 
available in several nutrition 
courses at UCSD. 

But for those less inclined to sit 
through a quarter-long nutrition 
class, Saltman gives some simple 
dietary guidelines: About 50 to 55 
percent of the calories in our diet 
should be obtained from carbohy-
drates, 30 to 35 percent from fats, 
and the remaining 15.t020 percent 
from proteins. 

Eating a variety of foods helps 
to maintain a healthy ratio of car-
bohydrates, proteins, and fats and 
to maintain vit.al micronutrients 
such as vitamins A, B6, C, thiamin, 
riboflavin, calcium, iron, and zinc, 
according to Saltman. 

If you are a vegetarian, use 
supplements to provide enough 
nutrients, he said. Exerci e i im-
portant, but eat foods with the right 
amount of calories. 

The UCSD Guardian 

betes screenings in shopping cen-
ters in San Ysidro. 

Membersalsohelpatamonthly 
"Spirit of the Barrio" luncheon in 
Logan Heights. 

Another project SATCH plans 
is to help the migrant Chicano 
workers living out of tents in North 
County. 

UCSD students will notice 
SATCH next week at booths out-
side of the dining halls ; on the 
evening of Nov. 29, the club will 
request that students donate a din-
nerfrom their meal card. The profits 
will benefit a boys ' home across 
the border. 

SA TCH recognizes that the 
Chicano community faces many 
health problems. 

A s hort article tacked to 
SATCH's cubicle on the second 
floor of the Student Center plain-
tively tells the story: "Chronic 
diseases continue to afflict minori-
ties in proportions two to three 
times g reater than for other 
groups .... External factors ... make 
it more difficult for minorities to 
obtain quality health care." 

MARKETS 
Continued from page 7 
year are the arrival of Advantage 
and the plunge of Vons from sec-
ond to sixth place. Vons is now the 
highest -priced grocery store in San 
Diego," Francis said. 

[n the survey, Lucky was given 
a base figure of $100. The same 
amount of groceries would cost 
$100.14 at Advantage, $103.95 at 
Ralphs, $106.79 at AJpha Beta, 
$107.53 at Big Bear, and $108.33 
at Vons. This means that shopping 
at Lucky rather than at V OIlS could 
save the average family as much as 
$500 a year and the a verage couple 
as much as $300 a year, according 
to CaIPIRG. 

Low prices are one reason stu-
dems shop where they do. 

"Students are often on a limited 
budget and need to cut comers 
whenever possible. A few dollars 

Many simply cannot afford the 
co ts of medicine. Others find the 
language problems raised by go-
ing to a non-Span ish-speaking 
doctor to be insurmountable. 

"They can' t fill out the forms 
and they can't understand what the 
doctor is saying," DiMarino ex-
plained. An ignorance of health 
issues means that many Chicanos 
may not know the right questions 
to ask. 

Subtle but formidable cultural 
norms intensify the misunder-
standing between primarily Cau-
casian doctors and Chicano pa-
tients. DiMarino noted that "Doc-
tors here don't understand that you 
can't say the same thing to a Mexi-
can patient as you can to a ' major-
ity' patient." 

Even education about basic diet 
guidelines runs can be foiled by 
cultural barriers. "You can't tell a 
Mexican 'you can't eat rice and 
beans and whatever.' They will 
say, ' my ancestors have been eat-
ing this for generations, '" Ramirez 
added. 

Nonns of modesty are higher in 
Chicano culture as well. "If you 
tell a Mexican woman to strip be-
low the waist, you may have to 
deal with her husband," DiMarino 
continued. 

Many of the Chicano members 
of SATCH thus find themselves 
uniquely suited to dealing with 
Chicano patients. It gives them an 
opportunity to use their cultural 

saved on groceries adds up over a 
long period of time," said Fred 
Chambers, a Third College student. 

This survey was not indicative 
of other qualities which attract 
people to shop at a certain store. 
According to Francis, consumers 
need to consider other qualities 
beside prices when grocery shop-
ping. 

"Since store prices continue to 
be so close, consumers should look 
at other factors when choosing a 
grocery store. These factors include 
double coupons, selection, prox-
imity to home, qUality of meats 
and produce, and selection of or-
ganic produce, for example," he 
said. 

"Nothing really stands out to 
me about [V OIlS] ••. besides the fact 
that it's so close to my house," 
commented Third College student 
Ali Vazirizand about why he hops 
at Vons. 

Other qualities students looked 

Friday, November 16, 1990 

kill s, including the Spanish lan-
guage, that find lillIe outlet in uni-
versity labs and classrooms. 

Chicano patients are more 
comfortable in their presence, 
Pmon noted, more "emotionally in 
tune" with Chicano health workers . 
Also, "If these people see these 
future doctors, it is very gratifying 
for them." 

The Chicano members of 
SATCH also depend on each other 
for support in the travails of prepa-
ration for medical school. They 
form study groups, prepare for the 
medical boards, and find jobs for 
each other, in the face of a culture 
that discourages their progress. 

While the majority of students 
have much financial, parental and 
cultural support, many of the 
Chicano students cannot depend 
on any of these advantages. They 
are often the first in their families 
to pursue a degree and must pay 
their own way through. 

DiMarino observed that most 
Chicano students "don ' t go to op-
eras, have no good books to read. 
They are surrounded by people 
who have much more experience." 

Others have not developed the 
study skills that are crucial at 
UCSD. ''They haven 't thought 
about how difficult college is," 
DiMarino added. 

So as a group they "stick to-
gether," ~truggling to keep them-
selves and their friends in school 

See SATCH, Page 15 

Rlmas UzglrlsiGuardian 

for in a store were varied. 
According to Reve \1e College 

student Eric Rothhaar, "the aisles 
should be well-organized and the 
store should have good service." 

Students like Janice Cramer 
look especially at the service. 

"I look for stores which main-
tain high standards, where the 
people who work there are friendly, 
approachable, very willing to an-
swer questions, and not intimidat-
ing about returns," she said. 

Bob Forutanpour, a Muir Col-
lege student, wants different quali-
ties in his service. 

"I like cute clerks, many open 
registers, and the aisles always 
stacked to maximum," he said. 

Accessories a store has are also 
important, students say. Students 
like Jose Casarez of Revelle Col-
lege say they like the bakeries and 
fresh fi h sections of the stores. 

The huntersand gatherers would 
probably approve, too. 

An Orgy of Animation 
• 'Rescuers' shows you're 
never too old for Disney 
By Melito Marcelo 
Senior Stall Writer 

As a 21-year-old male college stu-
dent, I have a confession to make: re-
cently, I cried during an animated Disney 
movie. It wasn't the death of Bambi's 
mother or the scene of Snow White in 
her fruit-induced coma. I did a "Sinead 
O'Connor" during the opening Austra-
Han scenes in Disney's newest animated 
film, and its first-ever animated action-
adventure movie, "The Rescuers Down 
Under," the studio's 29th full -length 
animated feature. The movie is an in-
toxicating blend of visuals, movement, 
music, and exotic imagery. 

PageH2 

• 'Allegro Non Troppo' turns 
Disney's vision on its side 
By Gregory Waypa 
Staff Writer 

Critics have labeled Bruno Bozzetto's 
"Allegro Non Troppo" as the Italian 
version of Walt Disney's "Fantasia." To 
which I say, "Oooh, that's gotta hurt. "For 
Bozzetto to create a movie that combines 
both animation and music, to give of 
himself unselfishly into his art, to create 
magic - to do all of this just to hear a 
bunch of snub nosed crincs say, "Hey, 
that one reminded me of'Fantasia,'" has 
got to be a major slap in the face. 

I thi uk it would be very kind of us to 
just simply give the guy a chance. We can 
do that, can't we? 

PageH4 



2 HIATUS 

The ReKuers Down Under = Down Under Jacob's Roclq V 
Sibling Rivalry Home Alone 

University Town Center 452-7766 

Avalon Rocky V 
Memphis Belle Sibling Rivalry 

White Palace 
Reversal of Fortune 

453-7831 
Quigley Down Under 

Home Alone 
Jacob's Ladder 

Ghost 

283-5909 
Nov. 16-25 

Allegro Non Troppo 
""v.~rv Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

Horror Picture Show 

'Orchestra Bringing 'Fog 
And Sunshine' to UCSD 
By Caitlin Woodthorpe 
Staff Writer 

This weekend UCSD provides the setting for a rather unusual 
concert of classical music. The La Jolla C ivic-University Orches-
tra and Chorus will perform works by Brahms and Debussy with 
the collective title of "Fog and Sunshine" this weekend at the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

As this title suggests, the choral and symphonic masterpieces 
they 've-chosen to perform are diverse in mood and form. Brahms' 
"Tragic Overture" and "Alto Rhapsody" are serious, brooding 
works which evoke dark and menacing images. "La Damoiselle 
Elven and "Iberia" by Debussy, however, represent a sunnier, 
festive· side oflife. " We chose to focus on these favorite compos-
ers because of their contrasting styles," said David Chase, Choral 
Conductor and UCSD faculty member. 

The concert will feature renowned mezzo-soprano Martha 
lane Weaver. Lori McCann-Smith will sing soprano; two of the 
four works will feature amen's and women's chorus of over 120. 

The most surprising fact about the group is that aU of its 250 
members receive no financial compensation for their efforts. 
Though of professional standard, all give their time and effort for 
free just for the opportunity to perfonn a more diverse range of 
music than a full time orchestra nonnally can . 

• Fog and Sunshine' will take place on Saturday November 17, 
at S p.m., and Sunday November IS, at 3 p.m. in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. Tickets are $S for students and $10 for adults. 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

Call for details· 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Not a te~ water loss • !IeciJce celIuiIe and streich maN 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct.12~ 
455-0909 

The UCSD Guardian Friday, November16, 1990 

RESCUERS: An intense visual feast 
Continued from H1 

A sequel to the 1977 interna-
tional blockbuster'TheRescuers," 
"TIle Rescuers Down Under" is 
set in the awe-inspiring Austra-
lian Outback. With an environ-
mental slant, the story deals with 
the kidnapping of an animal-loving 
8-year-old boy named Cody. The 
villain and kidnapper is Percival 
McLeach, a heartless animal 
poacher. 

In New York, the International 
Rescuer Aid Society (RAS) learns 
of the kidnapping. They send out 
their two best Rescuers : Miss 
Bianca of Hungary, and Bernard 
of the United States. With the aid 
of Jake, a charming kangaroo 
mouse and an Outback guide, the 
Rescuers track down Cody and 
bring on the demise of the evil 
McLeach. 

The movie has a subtle mes-
sage of humanity and nature: the 
film starts out with a human (Cody) 
helping out the animals, and when 
he gets into trouble, a group of 
animals comes to his aid. 

In terms of visuals, the movie is 
stunning. It took four years to 
make, and it shows in every frame. 
The lush colors are brilliant, and 
the sweeping Australian backdrop, 
which includes the famed Ayers 
Rock, is overwhelming. Follow-
ing Japanese animation style, a lot 
of attention is given to lighting: 
each character is painted with 
shadows and the intensity of their 
colors matches the backgrounds' . 
The animal poacher's tank truck is 
drawn with a love for technical 
details. 

Intense is an insufficient word 
to describe the opening sequences 
'Set in Australia. A feast for the 
ears and eyes, the sequence is an 
introduction to the exotic Austra-
lian locale of Cody's forest friends. 
At the scene's climax, Cody gets a 
free ride on a giant hawk after 
rescuing it. With the music rising 
in a crescendo and the Australian 
backdrop rushing by, the majestic 
image of the young boy with the 
hawk rivals anything Disney has 
produced recently. Only three seats 
from the screen, I felt my eyes 
ready to burst from the sensory 
overload. In away, my eyes did 

burst - I cried because I was too 
happy, happy that an American 
studio finally made a new animated 
feature that didn' t cu t comers by 
painting it like a Saturday morning 
"crapolla." 

As stunning and progressive as 
the visuals are, the plot is at the 
level of its G-rated audience. The 
plot doesn ' t really matter, though. 
Like the musical numbers in "The 
Little Mermaid," the memorable 
animated bits of "The Rescuers 

" I felt my eyes ready 
to burst from the sen-
soryoverload.lnaway, 
my eyes did burst - I 
cried because I was 
happy, happy that an 
American studio finally 
made an animated 
feature that didn't cut 
corners by painting it 
like a Saturday morn-
ing 'crapolla.' " 
Down Under" hold the movie to-
gether. 

Music aficianados will delight 
in the un-Disneyesque use of na-
tive Australian sounds; the per-
cussion and wind instruments of 
the Aborigine. Billed as an action-
adventure movie, "The Rescuers 
Down Under" uses no musical 
numbers. 

Because the movie features no 
singing, the voices are provided 
by talented actors, rather than not-
necessarily talented singers. Eva 
Gabor and Bob Newhart reprise 
their roles as the elegant Miss 
Bianca and the lovable Bemard-
the two mice who rescued the or-
phan girl in the first movie (from 
the looks of this movie, the two 
will have little mice of their own). 

John Candy provides the voice 
of Wilbur the wide-bodied Alba-
tross . Soap opera star Tristan 
Rogers of "General Hospital" 
provides an authentic Aussie ac-
cent to thevoice oUake, a kangaroo 
mouse with an eye on Miss 
Bianca's heart. The most memo-

rable performance comes from 
George C. SCali as the animal 
poacher, McLeach. With his om-
nipotent , Patton-esque voice, 
McLeach is a dark, believable 
villain. It's nol hard to imagine 
McLeach casually blowing off the 
kidnapped Cody's head, which he 
almost did - twice. 

Animal lovers will have a field 
day with "The Rescuers Down 
Under." The movie has a fair 
amount of exotic insects, birds, 
and furry mammals. Drawn from 
the animals at the San Diego Zoo, 
the film includes a koala bear, a 
flying squirrel, a wombat, a platy-
pus , and even a razorback 
(Australia's wart hogs) . 

It's refreshing to see a Disney 
movie without elephants, bunnies, 
or ducks. With its animal rights 
and environmental outlook, the 
movie has one puzzling detai I: Miss 
Bianca wears a fur outfit through-
out the movie. 

As an added attraction, the film 
includes "The Prince and the Pau-
per," the newest animated short 
starring Mickey Mouse in sixyears. 
Like "The Rescuers Down Un-
der," the shon film is drawn with 
attention to detail. Memorable 
moments include the death of the 
king depicted by a dying candle 
flame. 

"Prince and the Pauper" is the 
Disney of the past: a story set in 
Europe, domestic animal charac-
ters - a fairy tale. It makes "The 
Rescuers Down Under," with its 
worldly outlook, seem more new 
and original. During the ten minl!te 
animated intermission before the 
main feature, Disney fans should 
stick around and try to guess the 
music playing each minute. 

Animation fans will enjoy "The 
Rescuers Down Under" for its 
overwhelming visuals and exotic 
images. Filmgoers with a mindset 
that animation is "kid's stuff' might 
find the movie a downer. Viewers 
who keep their eyes attuned to the 
orgy of detail and color and their 
ears focused on the rich sounds 
will relish "The Rescuers Down 
Under." I can't wait to go "down 
under" again. This time, though, 
I'll bring a hankie and maybe sit a 
linle bit farther from the screen. 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

ePregnancy Termination 
eGeneral or Local Anesthesia 
eLow Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conuptiort) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
eStudent Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

a;r;t 
~ochoice 

... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

Friday, November 16,1990 

Reunited ... And 
It Feels So Good 
• The Specials and English Beat 
come together to perform tonight 
By Andy Clarke 
Staff Writer 

For a few years in the early 
1980s, the English Beat and the 
Specials led England 's " alterna-
tive" music scene. They wrote 
songs that other artists avoided and 
became cult musicians because of 
their refusal to confonn. Now in a 
resurrection worthy of Lazarus, el-
ements of both groups are playing 
as Special Beat at the Starlight 

eral Public, expressed unbridled 
enthusiasm over the synthesis of 
Special Beat in a recent telephone 
interview: "Six months ago I played 
at an international ska festival in 
San Francisco ... and the result was 
incredible. We played to 150,000 
people in just two days." 

The reaction emphasized to 
Roger how much he felt the need to 
be surrounded by a supportive 
group again. With the relative fail-

Bowl this Fri-
day. 

ure of his solo al-
------------ bum Radical De-
"We need to keep parture in 1988, 
aiming for the younger and the increasing 

The English 
Beat and the 
Specials pro-
duced revolu-
tionary music 
with a distinct 
ska and reggae 
feel, while still 
drawing on the 
punk explosion 
that preceded 

popularity of generation .... The best Pato Banton after 
thing about this tour is their creative 
riding an American split, some result 

was inevitable. 
wave of nostalgia!" When news of 

_ Ranking Roger the festival 
___________ reached England, 

the change. They were also among 
the first groups to experimeQt with 
the musical possibilities of digital 
technology. Their style of music 
flourished for a brief perio<i in the 
United Kingdom, but then lost 
impetus. In the United States, 
however, their style still provokes 
great excitement. 

Ranking Roger, fonner vocal-
ist for the English Beat and Gen-

ex-Specials John 
Bradbury, Neville Staples, and 
Horace Panter met and quickly 
fonned a coalition. In addition, 
fonner English Beat! General Pub-
lic partner Dave Wakeling is ex-
pected to be a special guest on the 
West Coast dates. Basically, in the 
words of Staples, "We needed to 
tour to save our sanity." 

Special Beat was fonnedaround 
the nucleus of these two bands that 

The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 3 

·We needed to tour to save our sanity": The Specials and English Beat reunite tonight at 8 p.m. 
were subjects of nostalgic reflec-
tion to many teenagers. Ranking 
Roger admits that this tour is pri-
marily aimed at those people aged 

.18-22 who feel a pathos for two 
bands who they were too young to 
see live in the early 1980s. It seems 
a common occurrence for British 
bands such as Madness, who have 
faded in England, to try to tap the 
nostalgic American market. The 
Who and Bad Manners are ex-

amp�es that Roger agrees he is 
emulating, for "thougb we need to 
keep aiming for the younger gen-
eration.... 1be best thing about 
this tour is riding an American 
wave of nostalgia!" 

The group promises to perfonn 
favorites from their individual 
groups as well as showcasing new 
material. "Mirror in the Bathroom," 
"Gangster," and "Concrete Jungle" 
always illicit the greatest response, 
while a cover of Bob Marley's 
"Bend Down Low" is the most 
popular addition in the first time 

material. 
Fashion devotees' of the era can 

put away their two-tone suits 
though, because they have been 
replaced by sportswear. 

This change reflects a far deeper 
change in the group. During their 
initial exposure, there was a defi-
nite political exposure to the Beat's 
and the Specials' music - the 
Prime Minisrel's resignation was 
even demanded in 1981 's "Stand 
Down Margaret," while the Spe-
cials wrote of inner-city decay in 
"Ghost Town." 

The social and political atmo-
sphere in which the two groups 
originated has altered, but "the de-
mand is still there and the reaction 
has been fantastic." 

Roger still believes in what he 
wrote a decade ago, although a 
slight shift in attitude is evident. 
Though he is content to perfonn 
old songs, any new album will be 
more constrainect by the new dance 
feel pioneered by Soul II Soul. 

Such an album could be some 
time away from release. The touris 
unusual since there is no major 
record company backing Special 
Beat. "My last company was 
worthless," said a dispirited Roger 
"This time we intend to call the 
shots." Reflecting a major change 
in the industry, the band is actively 
seeking a merchandising and mar-
keting deal to fund a future album. 

Roger said Special Beat is now 
a quarter of the way through their 
two month tour and are getting 
rave reviews wherever they play. 
What is arguably the world's most 
danceable rhythm section has been 
refonned and, according to Rank-
ing Roger, only one thing is re-
quired: "Just bring your dancing 
shoes becauseyou' re going to need 
them!" 

Whid; The Special Beat 
WheN: SI8rIlght Bowl 
When: friday, Nov. 16,8 p.m. 
T1cketa: can 278-nx 

with ... 

Bradbury of 
The Specials 

Bobby Bird, guitarist for Ranking 
Roger, Sean Flowerdew & Finn of 

The Loafers 

and introducing 

THE POSIES 

Beat 



4lllATUS The UCSD Guardian 
Friday, November 16, 1990 

ALLEGRO: A Funked-Up 'Fantasia' 
Continued from H1 nounced by the M.e. It's a daring 

move in the presentation of art. 
The first of its kind. Nothing can 
match il. . . 

movie made up of three parts: the 
animation, the music, and the live 
action. Though the animation in 
"Allegro Non Troppo" is not up to 
the level of "Fantasia" in brilliance 
and color, it does excel in creativ-
ity and style: In "Fantasia," Disney 
made sure that a horse looks like a 
horse, looks like a horse,looks like 
a horse; in "Allegro Non Troppo," 
you are lucky if anything looks the 
same from piece to piece. In doing 
this, Bozzetto doesn't constrain the 
music or the animation into look-
ing like a copy of the previous 
piece. Simply put, since the music 
is different, the animation must be 
different. 

TOM SAWYER PlAYS 
WITH 3400 WAn5 

AND GETS BLASTED. 
"Tom Sauyer" i just one of the rock classics by Rush 
that's part of our awe orne Laseriurn experience. 
Argon and Krypton laser images will surround you 
as Rush hits are played over 12 huge speakers. So 
call 238-1168 for showtimes. Then drop by Balboa 
Park tonight. You'll La Rush III 
have a blast. -===se-=-=-r-=....::~...=..:::..~_ 

REUBEN H. FLEET 51 ,.,,11:'-,..-
THEATER AND SCIENCE CENTER 

K:~".Rv1 

Spirits 
of 

St. Germain 

San Diego's Most Unique Liquor Store 
3251 Holiday Court, Suite 101 • La Jolla • 455-1414 

~ •••••••••••••• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

When You 
Buy Any 

~~ 
~~-';I· 

• 
• 
• 
• 

PIZZA 
PASTA or 
SANDWICH, 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

We'll give you soup or salad 

As u&1UI1 

fill fA"'" IIHY"J 
JOI9IIIp99.I 

....... 

Moo'" """,-Mid 
f-Sal. """"'CIII"' s..n. ,,:3OIIm-Mid 

and a beverage 
(wine & beer included) 

F RE E I (save up to $3.30) 
Dine-in only for this special ofTer 
Please p,,,,",nl coupon when ordering. B",nr.. J2/J6nO 

Ir,,~=-=-=- 8873 Villa laJolIa Dr. f.p, ,olla V(l/a8e Center • i 455·0662 • 
• UCSD 's ortglnal Pizzeria Is SlilIthe best!. • 

••••••••••••••••••••• 

Well, I've seen "Allegro Non 
Troppo," and I can tell you with-
out hesitation or doubt that it is the 
Italian version of "Fantasia. "Now. 
I 'm not saying that because[want 
to jump on the critic bandwagon 
with all the other snub noses. I ' m 
saying that because that's what 
Bruno Bozzetlo sought to do after 
seeing "Fantasia" fourteen times. 
He wanted to create a send-up of 
the Disney film. So what Bozzetto 
did was take "Fantasia," tum it on 
its side, and then burst out of it like 
a woman in a cake saying, "Here I 
am!" And with this move, Bozzetto 
created a film that not only 
complements a classic like "Fan-
tasia," but also develops into a 
classic itself. 

The Italian movie with Enelish 
subtitles opens with Maurizio 
Micheli playing a Master of Cer-
emoniesiFilm Maker (a comic al-
ter-ego of Bozzetlo), who is mak-
ing bold new attempts in film pro-
duction through the marriage of 
animation and classical music -
an art form in which one can "see 
music and hear animation," as an-

ELCAJON 

"Allegro Non Troppo" 
is a perfect balance of 
fantasy and reality -
but don't expect the live 
action to have dibs on 
realityorthe animation 
to monopolize fantasy." 

Then the phone rings. It's Hol-
lywood with the message that this 
type of movie has been done be-
fore . The M.C. looks at the camera 
and tells us, the audience, that the 
person on the phone was a Califor-

. nian liar saying that someone had 
already made a picture like this; 
that it has all been done before. 
Some guy named Prisney, or 
something like that. .. From this 
point the movie takes both a hu-
morous and serious look at music 
and animation. 

"Allegro Non Troppo" is a 

796 Fletcher Parkway 
IICI'OU from Partcway Plaza 

OPaN 10 AM TO 10 ~M 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 

v..-o 
3393 Kemper St. 

MUIIe¥IEGS 
¥lEO SALES IIBTAlJ! 

The music that Bozzetto chose 
to breathe animationallife into is 
vaguely familiar to this reviewer. 
Right, let's face it, the only piece 
that I had heard before was Ravel's 
"Bolero" (no comments please). 
What can be said about the music 
is that each piece is different, and 
each piece has something to say. 
The animation and music worked 
well together. Each song and car-
toon told a story with a beginning, 

See ALLEGRO, H6 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Cajon Blvd. 

next to Art St. Poat Off. 

Friday, November 16, 1990 

Hindu Love Gods 
Hindu Love Gods 
Giant 

You would think that with a 
line-up of Warren Zevon and REM 
(minus Stipe), this album would 
end up sounding like one or the 
other, but this collaboration 
thankfully doesn ' t. The Hindu 
Love Gods grew out of a jam 
session in Athens, Georgia and 
they have been jamming ever 
since. 

The songs are primarily made 
up of blues covers with an occa-
sional outsider (Prince' s " Rasp-
berry Beret"), and like any true 
jamming, the album sounds like 
the group had nothing but fun. 
And, unlike most bands who delve 
into the world of rhythm and blues, 
their music is very fresh, dirty, 
and spontaneous. 

The group starts off the album 
mixing some electric verve into a 
couple of Robert Johnson classics 
("Walkin' Blues,"and "Travelin' 
Riverside Blues") and does noth-
ing but snowball until "Iunko 

TITLE OF COMPETITION: 

Pardners" is reached. That and 
"Battleship Chains" are the weak-
est songs on an otherwise substan-
tial album. Other songs include 
Willie Dixon 's "Wang Dang 
Doodle," Johnny Horton 's "I'm A 
One Woman Man," and an excel-
lent version of Woody Guthrie's 
"Vigilante Man." 

Zevon and Peter Buck trade off 
the guitar licks as if they have been 
doing so since childhood, and it's 
refreshing to know that most of 
REM is capable of coming out of 
its role as part of rock's intelli-
gentsia. 

It is likely that the Hindu Love 
Gods won't be long in this world 
- much like XTC's Dukes of 
Stratosphere, but that doesn't mean 
you can't listen to them. Who 
knows, it might be good for your 
karma. 

- Rich Crepeau 

The Buck Pets 
lllercurocrome 
Island Records 

The Buck Pets are one of many 

The UCSD Guardian 

bands who, a year and a half ago, 
got lost in the wake of Jane's Ad-
diction. Their first album, although 
very good, didn't quite establish 
itself in the college music scene. A 
more polished and diverse album, 
Mercurocrome just might re olve 
that. 

Mercurocrome is for the most 
part a decent and solid rock album, 
retaining the same quality that 
defined their style on their first 
album. Songs like " Moon God-
dess" and "Pearls"grabthe listener 
by the throat with a wall of dis-
tortion and keep them rocking 
through a myriad of changing 
guitarriffs, coupled by a noticeable 
beat that's characteristic of their 
sound. FolJowing this, the rest of 
the first side lapses into a glorified 
Replacements-like sound, making 
you wonder if Paul Westerberg 
was sitling-in during the recording 
of the album. This does not dis-
credit these four songs, though, as 
they are good copies of the Min-
nesota band. 

"Libertine" begins the second 
half, and would have been a great 
song had the overdubbed hom 
section been erased entirely. This 
indiscretion is forgonen quickly 
with " Ready to Break" and 
"Guilty," returning the listener to 
the same (wall of) sound at the 
beginning of the album. It then 
changes again with "Brother," 
sounding like Soundgarden, minus 
Chris ComelJ. "Shameless," the 
only truly regrettable track, merely 
loses aIlits energy at half the speed 
of the rest of the songs. "Hey 
Sunshine" serves as a nice reso-
lution to the album. 

Mercurocrome is the kind of 
a lbum that takes about three solid 
listening sessions to get into it, but 
you'll begJadyoudid. It ' s an album 
for those who have no problem 
with a rock band that probably 
won ' t ~ell out two shows in fifteen 
minutes when they come to town. 

- Paul Bishop 

Emmylou Harris 
duets 
Reprise 

Cowchips are rarel y mentioned 
in the land of milk and honey. I 
guess its one of those unspoken 
rules. What a shame. Rules some-
times close us in and labels catego-
rize us. But labels, good or bad, 
express in shorthand all the stereo-
types and cliches we have on any 
given subject. 

Sometimes it is pleasant to see 
an artist break free of the confmes 
of the genre to soar into the 
unimagined. 

If that is what you seek, read no 
further. This album is country, 
cliches and stereotypes intact. If 
you don 't like counrry, don't waste 
your time. If you do like country, 
you 'd better pull on yer boots fer 

HIATUS 5 

this one. If there are any closet 
country junkies left in these urban 
pastures gather round fer 
Emmylou 's latest , a collaboration 
concept LP called duets . 

Emmylou Harris teams with a 
host of notables for a total oftwelve 
little two-steps. George Iones digs 
dirt with his way down bass in the 
lamentable "All Fall Down," one 
of those cry-i n-yer-beer standards. 

Willie Nelson goes on a 
rompin ' bender in "Gulf Coast 
Highway," followed by Emmylou 
with The Desert Rose Band in a 
rippin' rendition of "The Price [ 
Pay." Chris Hillman' s harmonies 
are as sweet and timed as any old 
Byrds tune. 

The late Roy Orbison lends his 
three octave range and poignant 
lyrics to Em in ''That Lovin ' You 
Fee Ii n ' Again." The Band accom-
panies Emmylou and Robbie 
Robertson in keening "Evange-
line." The big treat and most notable 
tune of the LP is " Star of 
Bethlehem," a little known and 
seldom recorded ballad by Neil 
Young. Neil recalls his glory days 
of "Harvest" in this exquisitely 
harmonized ballad replete with a 
scratchy harmonica solo. 

Those who know Emmylou are 
familiar with her incredible range 
and variation in styles. She embues 
her music with power and drive. 
Have you ever seen a Tennesee 
Walker in parade? If you have, 
then you know what I'm sayin'. 
Power, purit', and grace. 

d' 'ts is a 1990 release by Re-
prise Records. This LP contains 
some previously released material. 

- Phillreland 

I'~ THE ELIE WIESEL PRIZE 
IN ETHICS SYMPHONY ()RCHESTRA 

THEMES: 

"Creating an Ethical Society: Concepts of 
the Common Good" 

or 

"The Meaning of Ethics Today" 

ELlGtB tLlTY: 
Full-time undergraduate senior students 

LENGTH: 
Between 3,000 and 4,000 words 

SUBMtSSION: 
Essays to be submitted on behalf of a student by a college or 

university. No more than 3 essays from the same college, university or 
campus will be considered in any contest year. 

PRIZES: 
First Prize - $5,000 
Second Prize - $3,000 
Third Prize - $2,000 
Three Honorable Mentions 

DEADLINE: 
Essays must be submitted by Monday, December 3,1990. 

PLEASE CONTACT THE THIRD COLLEGE 
PROVOST'S OFFICE FOR MORE INFORMATION. 

(!J 

CHORUS 
Thomas Nee • Music Director David Chase· Choral Coniluctor 

BRAHMS 
Tragic Overture + Alto Rhapsody 

Martha Jane Weaver, alto 
Lori McCann, soprano 

DEBUSSY 
La Damoiselle Elue + Iberia 

NOVEMBER 17 & 18,1990 
8 PM - Saturday and 3 PM - Sunday 

Mandeville Auditorium, UCSD 

• Only $5 for UCSD staff and students! 
Bring your student ID 

$10/$81$5 UC Box Office, Tieketma ter and at door. Telephone 534-4637. 

'-



I _ 

6 HIATUS 

r-------------COMEBACK 
TO THE 

ALL .. AMERICAN 
MEAL 
$19~lGMAC' MALLFRlE , SMALLDRlNK 

8 fVtJ 
.co¢ G<xxl"nly at il40 \1I.,mor RJ /rJ'10 r \. rreSC!'nl thiS c,"'uron wh~n ordering. 

rUV llOm one CI.'UI'On rer cu.s(t\m~r per 
,'ISlt OtTer t"'PU1:) 1 :/30/90. L ____________________ ~ 

CD SOUNDS 
COMPACT DISCS 

NEW • USED • 1 DAY SPECIAL ORDERS 
• IMPORTS • TRADE·INS 

6780 Miramar Rd. 0 57G -DISC (behind Carl·s Jr.) G"" 
2 for 1 

Brj1g In 2 used compact discs 
(regularly priced-upon approval) and 

receive 1 new disc 
Value up to $13.97 

Good through Nov 30.1 990 

The U D Guardi:Ul Friday, November 16, 1990 

ALLEGRO: Dizzying Disney's vision 
Continued from H4 
a middle and an end - somcthi ng 
thaI "Fanlasia" lacked in some of 
its pieces. 

One area in which" Allegro Non 
Troppo"differ from " Fanta ia"is 
it use of live action. which occurs 
in about fifty percent of "Allegro 
Non Troppo.·· Bozzetto inge-
niou I. filmed the live aclion in 
black and white 10 bring out Ihe 
magic oflhe animation and music. 
But soas nollo takeaway from Ihe 
live action and tum it into an op-
portunity for the audience to visit 
the restroom. Bozzetto has humor 
injecled into it. The result is a 
perfect balance of fantasy and re-
ali ty - but don ·t expect the live 
action to have dibs on reality or the 
ammation 10 monopolize f3nt3 y. 

The complementing live action 
is the one place where Bozzetlo 
excels in using the longue in cheek 
humor which eems 10 run ram-
pant in this film. Where Disney 
had the Philadelphia Philharmonic 
Orchestra to perform the music for 
'·Fantasia," Bozzetto has an en-
semble of little old ladies wearing 
outfits that look like throw backs 
10 the Roaring 20s. 

Where Disney had multitudes 
of unseen artists working with 
brill ian! color to create art. 
Bozzetto has MaurizoNichelli as a 
lone Chaplin-like artist skelching 
pictures in pencil while the music 
is being performed. And where 
Disney had Leopold Stokowski to 
conduct, Bozzetto has Nestor 
Garay, a cigar chomping dock 
worker placed in a tuxedo to con-

duct. 
Although Ihey are both clas-

sics, "Allegro on Troppo" excels 
over "Fantasia" in two ways. First. 
"Allegro Non Troppo" is a hell of 
a lot shorter. It only lasts aboul an 
hour and twenty minutes. so there 
is no time to fall asleep. 

Second, "Allegro Non Troppo" 
is a lot funnier and bolder. The 
humor is self explanatory, the 
boldness appears in the graphic 
violence and nudity in the car-
toons. This is an extreme taboo in 
the Disney world of animation. 

Created 35 years after "Fanta-
sia," "Allegro Non Troppo" is al-
ready available on video, or so I'm 
told . Still, I suggest swallowing 
the cost and seeing this one in the 
Iheater where it appears newly-

enhanced with an Ultra-Slereo 
sound track and restored footage. 
It's appearing for a limited limeat 
the Ken Theater, something like 
len days or so. Therefore, lake 
advantage and see it. 

For added excitement see it 
with a group, a large group, and 
stick around afterwards to calch 
that American end-up of science 
fiction films, The Rocky Horror 
Pic ture Show. Oh, but [didn'tsay 
that. 

Wha1: "Allegro Non Troppo" 
Where: Ken Cinema, 4061 
Adama Ave., Kensington 
When: Nov. 16 - 23. Nightly: 
5:30,7:30, 9:30; Saturday & 
SUndaymatlnees: 1 :30, 3:30. 
Tickets: $6. 
For more Information, call 
283-5909. 

SlYLEHOUSE • a . s lecture 
notes is 
hiring! 

FP.LL 

F73 
; c , 

•• 1 , :a A j 

Voyagers of Warren 
Student life: Your Friday 
night mission, to seek out 
new life and new 
civilization, to boldly go 
where no one has gone 
before. 

From the furthest regions of the universe (otherwise 
known as the Warren Apartments) comes the event 
of the millennium .. _ 

Join us for Warren's 
quarterly late night dance 
club alternative! Journey 
to distant stars and meet 
neighboring aliens and 
androids! This isn't just a 
dance, it's STYLE HOUSE! 

FRI DAY, NOV. 16 
11 P.M. - lA.M. 
WARREN COMMONS 

Sponsored in part by ICRHA 

A.S. Lecture Notes Service is now hiring 
notetakers for Winter Quarter 1991. We have 
roughly 30 positions available paying $7.80 per 
hour. We are looking for motivated students to 
take notes in classes they have previously com-
pleted with an A or B. Various COUlses in the 
following areas are under consideration. 

anthropology 
biology 

chemistry 
communication 

cse 
earth science 

economics 
history 
philosophy 
political science 
physics 
psychology 

Anyone interested in applying for winter 1991 
notetaker position should pick up a job referral 
at the Career Center and obtain an application at 
the Lecture Notes office located next to Soft 
Reserves. 

Friday, November 16,1990 

SATCH 
ContInued from P-ae 8 
while aiming at a larger role for 
Chicanos in American medicine. 

"How many Chicano faculty 
do we have [atUCSD]?Veryfew," 
DiMarino complained. " [t's just 
not fair." 

~cohesivene~s in culture and 
purpose have created a group that 

has sustained itSelf for 16 years. 
DiMarino recounted her introduc-
tion to SATCH. "When I found 
out about SA TCH, I was really 
happy because I came from a girls' 
Catholic school where being a 
Chicano girl was not the greatest 
thing to be." 

TIle other current co-chainnan, 
Wendy Leonard, is motivated by 
the medical mission of SATCH. 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURBS9 

"You don't remember why you 
want to be a doctor until you meet 
some people who really care," she 
said. "They go out and do some-
thing because it needs to be done." 

SATCH is currently debating 
major changes in its emphasis, 
considering whether it should 
continueto work on Chicano health 
or to broaden the focus, whether it 

should work more on the U.S. or 
Mexican side of the border. and 
how it can structurally change the 
group to encourage more Chicano 
students to join. 

" It's for students who want to make a differ-
ence in the community." 

- Christy DiMarino, former SATCH co-chalr 

Dr. Pifton reiterated the origi-
nal mission of SATCH: "It has a 
very integral. a very principled 
history." he said. "It has a strength 
that goes far beyond the small 
community at UCSD." 

This season we're welcoming back our frequent 
skiers with the new " Mammoth Club Card •• " Now 
you can ski Mammoth andJune throughout the year at 
a special frequent skier rate. Purchase the Mammoth 
Club Card for $59 and you can buy lift tickets at Mam-
moth or June Mountains for $25 a day anytime. The 
Club also provides you discounts on airfare, lodging, 
merchandise, race clinics and more. The more you ski 
the more you save! Enjoy our two spectacular moun-
tains served by 38 lifts with_over 180 trails and up to 
3,100 vertical feet of fantastic skiing terrain. 

Make plans now to escape to Mammoth and June 
midweek. It's the best way to experience our moun-
tains. An environment where wide open trails give you 
more time to challenge our mountains over and over. 

Sign me up for the Qub! 
D Send ffU! tbe frr¥ M_motb Vacalion Planner 
D Yes, I've enclosed Illy 159 paymnu, I wanI to lalle advantage o[ 
tbe.. rIt CW CIIrrL 

N~ ________________________________ __ 

A~ ______________________________ __ 

City ________ ---"ST ___ Zip ___ _ 

Phone 
D Check 0 Money Order 0 Visa 0 MlC D AMI 

CCNo. 
Expiration Date: ____________ _ 

Signature 
Send to: Box 24, Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (619) 934·2571 . 
07Jle MamlllQ/b Glib Cant is nQrl-lrans[erabie. 
Good 1!J9Q. 91 seiUQ1I only. 

10 • 



I • 

10 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza Is still UCSD's finest original 
pizzeria. Tear out the BJ's coupon and 
get your taste buds to BJ's. For UCSD's 
serious pizza eatersl (9124-11130) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait . 
Xeroxes and more. Near SI. Germains. 
452-9949. (9/24-11/30) 

Writing Help, I've discovered/created 
unique, Fun- yes, fun! approaches for 
serious projects. Begin 481 -1810. (101 
3-11/30) 
Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only handles 
these 2 autos and nobody does it better 
for UCSD. Bring your 10 and you get 
20% off most services! Call 450-9494. 
(10/26-11130) 
JOIN US TO SING THOSE FAVORITE 
CAMPFIRE SONGSI Sponsored by 
United Campus Ministry every Sunday 
evening from 6 to 7 p.m. Meets in the 
Campus Police Station Training Room. 
Information call534-2521 . (1117-11/1 6) 

Airband contest! Want to lip sync? Sign-
up now at the Revelle Provost's Office. 
Contest is Nov. 20, 8:30 p.m. at the 
REVELLE CAFETERIA. (l1/9-t 1I1 9) 
UCSD POLICE AUCTION - Saturday 
November 17th. 10 a.m. Pre-auction 
viewing 9 a.m. Bicycles, electronics, 
watches, calculators , books, morel 
Comer of Old Miramar and Regents Rd. 
For more information call534-4358.(111 
9-11/16) 
CAREER CONVERSATION - Sunday, 
Nov. 18th - 6t08p.m. -Mt. View Lounge 
Third College. Professor William Murray 
of the Lit. Dept. will discuss the role of 
writing In today's careers. Sponsored 
by the United Campus Ministry. Event 
limited to the first 12 to respond. Event 
is free, supper included. Call 534-2521 
to register. (11/12-11/16) 

A.S.K. TUTORS - WE WANT YOU ! 
New and retuming participants MUST 
fill out applications at the Volunteer 
Connection. They are due Friday 11116. 
Need info? 534-1414. Respond to the 
Challenge! (11/12-1111 6) 

INSURANCE - LOW INSURANCE 
RATES FOR UCSD STUDENTS FOR 
AUTO AND MOTORCYCLE. CALL 
Jessica, 800-457-1234, 9-5 (11/2-1/9) 

MathlPhyslcs Tutor. Any Level 459-
2669. Leave message. (11/14-11/30) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in is-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore , ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p .m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, 3 p.m_ Monday for Wednesday's issue, and 3 p .m. Wednesday for Friday's issue. 
The Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to 
companionship ads. For more information call 534-5416. Mailing address:UCSD 
Guardian, 0316, 9500 Gilman Drive , La Jolla , CA 92093-0316, Actual address: 
Student Center A , top floor. 

Cheap date?1 Check out Ricci 's great 
Italian lood at awesome prices. Two 
dinners for the price of one (only $7.95) 
with ad in Guardian. (t 1112-11 /30) 
Pick up apptications for Muir 
Freshperson Senator at MOM or Muir 
Dean's Office (HSS 2126). Retum ap-
plications to Muir Dean's Office by Mon-
day Nov. 19th at 4 p.m. Do it nowl (t 11 
14-11/16) 
Tonight 8:30 p.m. at Revelle Cafeteria 
- see Student Committee lor CuHural 
Appreciation's International Fashion 
Show. FREEl (11/16) 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth, education, prayer, socializing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Students I 
502 Matthews, east olthe Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521 . (11 /16) 

Did you miss the last WARREN TG?? 
Well , there's one today ... SWANKY 
MODES will play Irom 4-6 p.m. at tlhe 
Warren Apartment Commons. Don't 
miss out on this FREE concert!1 (1 1116) 

Do you want $1 .551 Johnny Rockets in 
Del Mar is giving you a free order of fries 
when you order an Original or #12 
burgeri Find the ad in Monday's G and 
you're set. (1111 6-11/30) 
GOING TO WAR? FOR WHAT? Who's 
paying? Call your Congressmen. De-
mand they go back into session for a 
rollcall vote. Call White House comment 
line 2021456-7639 to ask that the War 
Powers Act be respected. If the Con-
gress' sons and sons of the wealthy and 
"influential" were in Saudi Arabia, do 
you really believe there would be a war? 
(11116-11126) 

Yes, ~s possible 10 party and not drink. 
Come to Revelle Plaza, Nov. 19 at 9 
p.m. and see how. An I.C.H.R.A. spon-
sored event. (11/16-11/19) 

SERVICES 
Olga Sari - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Stu-
dent discounts. 558-46441226-1962. (91 
24-1114) 

WRITING Help trom UC-Grad Tutorl 
Writer/Researcher. All projects wel-
come. Productive, Intense I Start Earty. 
481 -1 810. (10/3-11/30) 
Math/Physics Tutor. Any level, 459-
2669. Leave message. (11/14-11/30) 
Papers typed I Quick and affordable. 
From $2Ipg. Call U Colony Resumes & 
Professional Typing. 455-8357. Laser 
printing I 60 typestyles to choose from I 
One day service available. (1 0/5-11 /30) 
Bartender school - DaylNlght Course 
250.00 - Refresher Course Oct. 20 
and Nov 10, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. 45.00 1-
800-227-0030 BADD-REACTS (10119-
11 /16) 

TYPING: TERM PAPERS, ETC. RUSH 
JOBS AT NO EXTRA CHARGE. 453-
0656. (10/3-11/30) 
PINWHEELS - a full service salon near 
campus - Costa Verde Center. Facials, 
waxing , lash tints and more. Call 
PalVaneh, 558-1858. (10126-11/30) 

Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only handles 
these 2 autos and nobody does it better 
for UCSD. Bring your ID and you get 
20% oil most services! Call 450-9494. 
(1 0/26-11/30) 

Word Processing. Quality work at rea-
sonable prices. Resumes, reports. etc. 
Laser printer. Call Diane 755-1724. (101 
29-11/30) 

Just in time tor the holidays! Custom 
color and B& W portraits, photo calen-
dars/cards, and much more. Also 1 hr. 
film dev., passport photos, and slide 
dev. All your photo finishing needs In 
one convenient location. Spectrum 
Photo. 549-2941 (1117-11/26) 

Airfine prices up again - buy now lor 
best holiday travel fare. Free ticket de-
livery, 450-0812. (1117-11/28) 

Word Processing - everything from 
term papers to resumes. 24-hour ser-
vice avaHabie 7 days a week, 450-0812. 
(1117-11130) 

ChMp date?1 Check out Ricci 's great 
Italian food at awesome prices I Two 
dinners for the price of one (only $7.95) 
with ad In Guardian. (11112-11130) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Experi-
enced. Word Processing. Research 
using MEDLINE or BRS Colleague; 1 
hour minimum. Student Rates. Modem. 
Laser printer. 9-7 Moo. - Fri . Weekend 
appointments. 753-5964. 1521 Summit 
Ave., Cardiff. (11/14-11130) 
WORD PROFESSIONALS: Word Pro-
cessing. Reports, Speeches. Disserta-
tions, Manusaipts, Presentations. ex-
perienced. Laser printer. Student Rates I 
753-5964. (11/14-11/30) 

SCIENCE TUTOR available to help you 
better understand chemistry andlor 
physics. Dave 452-2574 (evenings). (Ill 
14-11116) 

TYPING-PROOFREADING-EDIT-
ING Temn papers, MAs, Ph.D.s, Legal, 
and Medical. RUSH JOBS. Call MARIE, 
931-9596. (11/16) 
WORD PROCESSING, 4.0 English 
Skills, term papers. experienced disser-
tations, 7-day week, rush jobs, refer-
ences 755-2683. (11116) 

WORD PROCESSING, EDITING. $21 
page, free pickup and delivery. 7 days! 
week. Imna, 453-6282. (11/16) 

DESKTOP PUBLISHING - Specializ-
ing In newsletter design. books, bro-
chures. invitations, annual reports. 
Pagemaker training. WRITEIDEA 594-
1080. (11/16) 

How's your smile? How's your breath? 
Maybe you need a dental check-up I 
Professional Dental Care can help you 
w~h reasonable rates. Located at 1349 
Camino Del Mar. Call today, 792-8880, 
to Improve your appearance. (11/16-11 I 
30) 
Resumes, word processing. editing, 
proofreading. desktop publishing. Done 
by professional marketing consuhants. 
Will beat any quoted pricel Guaranteed I 
Free pick-up i.nd delivery, 7 days, rush 
jobs,laserprlnter.549-0817.(11116-111 
28) 

Includes: 9lampoo and quaIty haircut. 
Blow dry and styfing $4 extra. 

Word Processing Services. Quality Ser-
vice - call 566-9096. (11/14-11116) 

IBM WORD PROCESSING - EDIT-
ING. Quick. Clean. Reasonable. Tech-
nical writer, former White House secre-
tary. 755-81881753-6673. (11/16-11/26) 

Full service pnces reg. $21-$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To insure faster 5eI'V1Ce, It's 
best to come on weekda'jS. 

FA ,IRMAIR'S 

USfD 501 /5 
COSTUMES · 
FUN, FUNKY 
FUNTIONAL 
RESALECLOTHES 

4879 NEWPORT AVE. OCEAN BEACH 
M-SAT. 11 10 6:l:l 

222-0220 

Friday, November 16, 1990 

WANTED 
Happy wnh your present salary? I need 
people who want to make more ASAP 
(619) 758-4602. (10/10-11130) 
Domino's Pizza at UCSD is now hiring 
Pizza Makers and Customer Service 
Representatives. Must be at least 16 
years old, energetic and efficient with an 
outgoing personality. Will be respon-
sible for greeting customers, taking pizza 
orders and other store operations. Eli-
gible applicants should apply at the 
UCSD store, located at 3211 Holiday 
Court after 3:30 p.m. (10119-11130) 

Addressers wanted Immeclilltetyl No 
experience necessary. Excellent pay I 
Work lit home. Call1oll-free: 1-800-395-
3283. (11/2-1111) 

DRUMMER WANTED FOR HARD-N-
MOIST: Our drummer left for spiritual 
reasons. If you play drums, have a sense 
of humor, and can count to four, call Jon 
or Anthony at 270-2915. (11/9-11/16) 
$5-7lhour or commission. Part-time. 
Dependable and enthusiastic only with 
good phone voice. 566-6787. (11/12-
11116) 

Experiencedsoocergoalkeeper wanted 
for women's B division team. Games 
are Saturdays, January through June, 
at Robb Field in Ocean Beach. No fees 
required. Call Diana 755-3198, or 543-
2600. (11112-11/16) 
Guaranteed $7/hr. Sorrento Valley 
telemarketing agency seeks respon-
sible, professional telemarketers for fulV 
part-time day shifts. Computer andtele-
phone experience a plus but will train 
right Individual. Call 450-9463. (11116-
11/26) 
WANTED - Dependable selesperson 
for Tinley's triathlon performancewear 
shop in Del Mar. Available morningS! 
weekends. 755-8015. (11/16-11/26) 

FOR SALE 
DISCOUNT AIR FARES. RESERVE 
HOLIDAY TRAVEL NOW. USA, EOPE. 
FREE BONUS MILES. 481-1264. (101 
26-11/30) 
6' futon and 4-position frame. $100. 
Close to campus. 587-0709. (10/26-111 
30) 
FULL SIZE BED. No headboard. $135. 
Child's DESK and chair $35. Call 581-
9156. (10/3H1/16) 
1985 Jeep CJ-7 - Red, black soft top, 
6cyl,49.000mi., only$7,700.Annabefle 
270-7040. (11/5-11116) 

WHY PAY RENT WHEN YOU CAN 
OWN I Huge 4BR 2BA townhome close 
to UCSD. Cathedral ceilings, 300 sq.ft. 
lolt, fireplace, pool. ONLY $147,500. 
OPEN HOUSE Sunday 11/11 1 :30 - 5 
p.m. 53()"0466. (1117-11/16) 
Scooter, excellent condition, 2 seat, 
freeway legal, 84 Yamaha 180, $879. 
457-5472, evenings, Brett. (11/9-11/19) 
Must sell one-way plane tlcketto Boston 
November 20. Best offer. Call 454-5672. 
(11/9-11/19) 
'71 BMW BAVARIA. Runs great,looI\S 
ok. Have to sell fast. Call/make oHer, 
558-2343 . (11/9-11119) 

NEW ClIENTS 
Otl.Y 

Will. Grell far...-
OPEN: '1Ian.-8It. .7 

I ..... --.LNI .. --.. I 
• Full Sel .. ........... ..... $16.95 
• Fills ........................ $10.95 
• Pedicure ...... .... ...... $10.95 
• Manicure ................. $5_95 

Friday, November 16, 1990 

R.T. ticket. San Diego-Newark. Lv. 121 
10, return 12119 on Continenlal. $300 
obo. 546-1663, Robin. (1119-11 /1 9) 

IBM COMPATIBLE ST, AT or 386. 1 yr 
warranty. On site Installationltraining. 
298-6708. (11112-11130) 
Gene Loves Jezbel wI Special Beat 
tickets for Friday, Nov. 16. Any Reason-
able price accepled. 450-9820. (1 1/16) 

FOR SALE BY OWNER: 1 bedroom, 1 
bath BOARDWALK. Tennis, pool , spa. 
Refrigerator, washerldryer, microwave, 
fireplace. Security building. Greatloca-
tion , 1 block from UCSD. $120,000. 
453-9049. (11/14-11/16) 

BodyGlovewetsuil, full,smoothie, barely 
used. $60. Also, skis for sale, Yamaha 
GRX 205's with Marker MRR bindings, 
good rock skis $70. Call James 259-
0784. (1 1/1 4-11119) 

1979 Fiat Strada 4-door hatchbk, 5-spd, 
AC, AMIFM Stereo, Clean. $1200/Best, 
271-7260. (11114-11-19) 
1977 Mustang,Auto, V6, White, Sunroof, 
AMIFM cassette, very reliable, needs 
tune-up. $7500.b.o., 297-1393. (11/14-
11/16) 
Zenith Supersport laptop computer 
(8088), 20MB HD, 2400 baud modem, 
MS·DOS, Works, Word, Epson LQ-850, 
24 pin printer, $1250/ 453-8124. (11116-
11/26) 
RTticket San Diego-Las Vegas. Leaves 
Nov. 21st p.m. returns Nov. 26 a.m. 
$72,457-2170. (11116-11 /19) 
Sony CD player with JVC receiver and 
speakers $150. Queen size futon with 
frame $50. Apple lie computer with 64k 
and Imagewriter printer $150. External 
frame Jansport Backpack $40. 546-
1466. (1111 6) 

Desk, 60"x30", dark w·alnut. 2 tan sofas 
$50 each, table and 4 chairs $35. 792-
9846 . (11/16-11 /19) 

IBM COMPATIBLE 30MB HARD 
DRIVE, COLOR MONITOR, PRINTER 
(includes Wordperfect 5.0) $999 o.b.o. 
Song 792-8493. (11/16-11/26) 
RT Airline ticket from S.D. to Stockton, 
CA., leaving 12120190. returns 1/1/91 . 
$150 o.b.o. 534-4250. (11/16-11/19) 

AIRLINE TICKETS FOR SALE $39 
each. 25th Nov. SFO-LAX-S.DIEGO, 
call 558-2349. (11116-11/19) 

RT Airline Ticket. San Diego-San Fran-
cisco for Thanksgiving. Lv. 11/21 p.m .• 
return 11124 p.m. Female. $68 caSh. 
452-8656. Nancy. (11/16-11/19) 

Roundtrip plane ticket for Thanksgiving 
to San Francisco. Depart Nov. 21, re-
turn Nov. 25. $225 or best offer. Call 
456-5066. (11/16-11/19) 

Spend Thanksgiving in SAN JOSEI 
STOCKTON. RT airline ticket availablll 
leaving San Diego Wed. 11-21 aI4p.m. 
return Sunday afternoon. $200. 792-
5205, leave message. (11116-11119) 

ATIENTION SKIERSI Two roundlrip 
tickets to Sail Lake Cily. Leave San 
Diego Dec. 23, return Jan. 3. Call 259-
0202. (11116) 

SAN DIEGO TO OAKLAND 
ROUNDTRIP PLANE TICKET LEAVES 
11/21 RETURNS 11 /26.$58484-9023 . 
(1 1/16-11119) 

New Pac-Tel answering machine tele-
phone combo, has everything, sells lor 
$150, lake $1 00. Negotiable 483-8864. 
(11116) 

HOUSING 
MALE ROOMMATE WANTED: own 
room, tenniscts,jacuzzi,pool , WI. room, 
ample parking, 3 minules to UCSD, 
$418.50 + 1/2 uti I, only $75 deposit. 
From 12115 to 6/30. 452-2664. (11n-
11130) 
$270/mo. Female. Single room, La Jolla 
Shores, near school, utilities included. 
Share bath, 459-2669. (1 1/14- 11 /19) 

FOR RENT: 2 bedroom. 2 1/2 bath. plus 
den EASTBLUFF. Pool, spa. Near 
UCSD. $1250. 453-9049.(11 /14-11116) 

Female roommate wanted to share 2BRI 
2BA apt in La Jolla Colony. WID in apt., 
pools, jacuzzi, fitness center, plus ex-
tras. $450 plus 1/2 utilities/month. Call 
558-6623. (1 1/16-11/28) 
Male roommate, own room, near UCSD, 
tennis, pool, $334. Free rent Dec. 10-
31. Craig 546-9459. (11114-11/26) 

Rent Clairemont, 4 BR, 2 BA, fam. roorn, 
refrig .• 2 car garage. fenced yard. 481 -
3120. (11/14-11119) 

Room for rent. $375 in Del Mar home. 
ASAP. Call Jodie 755-4616 (females 
only). (11116-11 /19) 
Own room available Dec. I , University 
City home, $320 plus utilities. Female, 
nonsmoker, clean. 455-9580. (11116-
11126) 

One bedroom apartment In La Jolla, 5 
min. from UCSD. Takeover3mo. lease, 
then mo. to mo. Pool, jacuzzi, weight 
room, sauna. $660/month, $300 deposit. 
Call 597-0702. (11/16-11/30) 

ROOMMATES WANTED for 4bd Uni-
versity City house. Spacious, fireplace, 
garden. separatewingsl Near all ! $3901 
mo. 459-2935. (11/16-11/19) 

AVAIL. NOWI Own room, Genessee 
Highlands, 281.50/mo. Femalelmale, 
cats. non-smoker please. 457-2027. (III 
16-11126) 

"Kathy was very helpful and patient." 
"Stephanie Is great-you must keep her at all costS." 
"All the EECS tutors are very helpful." 
"Kassab has an Incredible knowledge of the 
material." 
"Get more tutors. Expand. Grow. This Is a great 
service. " 

Become an OASIS Tutor 
and They Could Be 
Talking about You. 

Become an OASIS tutor for mathematics, blo-chem, economiCS, 
physics and ESE/eSE. Juniors and seniors with a 3.0 GPA are 
eligible to become tutors. New tutors enroll In TEP 196 for four 
units. Upon completion of TEP 196, qualified tutors may be 
eligible to be hired as paid tutors ($8.33jHr.) 
Apply now for 'Winter Quarterl Pick up an application at Room 
1254, Galbraith Hall (fonnerty Humanities Library). Interviews 
are bel", held from November 12 throup January 8, 1991. 
For furtller InfomIetlon oont8ct: (619) 534-2280 or 0MMIpus •• t, 42280_ 

The UCSD Guardian 

Two rooms in three bedroom two bath 
home. Furnished house, laundry. dish-
washer. Quiet with large backyard. Ac-
cess to computer WP 5.0. Large $350, 
small $250. Non-smoker.CaIl495-0579. 
(11116-11 /19) 

ROOMMATE WANTED ASAP : Own 
room. tennis , pool , parking, close to 
UCSD, $411 . No deposit. 453-8004. 
(11116-11 / 19) 

Wanted 1 or2malel2femalenon-smok-
ers to share furnished room in condo wI 
pool, etc ... 12 min. from campus. $250, 
no util. Leave message, Andy, 294-
7729. (11/16) 
La Jolla Colony-Female wanted. Own 
room, partially furnished. Available De-
cember. $380/mo . plus 1/3 utilities. 
Contact Diana 558-2081. (11/16-11126) 
La Jolla Colony. Male or female wanted 
to share townhouse, two miles from 
UCSD, nonsmoker, no pets, washer, 
dryer, $340 or $420. Call 546-7685 or 
454-5544 or 546-0460. ( 11 /16) 

Malegraduatestudent wanted as room-
mate. Own bedroom in Mesa apart-
ments. $240/month piUS utilities. 587-
8507, call Tony. (11116-11/26) 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: Bracelet - on campus. Call 
484-8571. ( 11 / 16-11126) 

FOUND - Women's silver bracelet at 
Muir lennls courts 10124. Call 558-2081 
to claim. (11116-11119) 

LOST: Page net beeper! $40 cash re-
ward, no questions asked. Call John: 
536-8699. (11116-11 /26 ) 

PERSONALS 
Beautiful outdoor dining overlooking 
Torrey Pines golf course! Tasty, nutn-
tlOUS cuisine, all you can eal salad 
bar ... Choices 554-FOOD. (20%discount 
wlUCSD ID). (9/24-11130) 
Are you fit? Get in to shape for the holi-
days atBeing-Fit. No initiation fee. Only 
4 miles from campus. Don't delay - call 
today! 483-9294. (1117- 11 /19) 

Are you paying more than 5 cents per 
gallon on yourdrinkingwater?Call (619) 
259-9086 for drinking water at only 3 
cents per gail on. (1 119-1/9) 

Cheap date?! Check out Ricci's great 
Italian food at awesome prices! Two 
dinners for the price of one (only $7.95) 
with ad in Guardian. (11/12-1 1/30) 

Did you miss the last WARREN TG?? 
Well , there's one today ... SWANKY 
MODES will play from 4-6 p.m. at lhe 
Warren Apartment Commons. Don't 
miss out on this FREE concert!! (11116) 

kilko~· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Gamet A venue 

ne.u Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

ONLY THE 19th 
Remember-onlyone Guardian 

issue (next Monday) during 
Thanksgiving week.. 

Do you want $1 ,551 Johnny Rockets in 
Del Mar is giving you a free order 01 Iries 
when you order an Original or #12 
burger! Find the ad In Monday's G and 
you're set. (1 1116-11/30) 
TKE - Long time no see! The streets 
aregonnacomealive Friday night. Love, 
Sigma K. (11116) 

ALPHA OMICRON PI - Happy 14th 
Anniversary I You ladies were the first 
and still the best ! Bobbie. (1 1/16) 

CLASSIFIEDS 11 

I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
How's your smile? How's your breath? 
Maybe you need a dental check-up! 
Professional Dental Care can help you 
with reasonable rates. Located at 1349 
Camino Del Mar. Call today, 792-8880 
to improve your appearance. (11/ 16-111 
30) 

IIoUnll I 
BETA THETA PI, in conjunction with J2 
Productions, presents ... The House at 
the UCSD Bullseye Tavern this Satur-
day night, 9:30 p.m.-l a.m.The ultimate 
dance experience - dance to the latest 
hip-hop. house, acid house, and 70's 
funky beats. Beer and wine served to 
those over 21. You must dress to im-
press - $3.00 at the door. BE THERE ! 
(11 /1 6) 

41 SO RC<Jcnts Pork Row 
La Jolla, CA ?2C137 

457-1007 

The Weekly 
CALENDAR 

Its' back 
EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY, 
you will be able to place a 
35-word listing of your group's 
event for FREE. 
Visit EDNA or the Guardian 
office by NOON on WEDNES-
DAY, fill out the form and your 
message will be printed in the 
Monday Guardian's 'Weekly 
Calendar" . 

NOON WEDNESDAY, NOV.21 
Yes, Thanksgiving eve is the 
Deadline for the Nov. 26 CAL-
ENDAR. Since that is the 
Guardian's fmal publishing 
week, the next calendar will be 
published on JANUARY 7, 
1991! 

I 

I 

-



, 

12 SPORTS 

• UCSD Hoopsters Jump 
Into Action This Weekend 

MEN: The Tritons begin what looks 
to be an extremely promising season at 
CbristCollegeofIrvine tomorrow night. 

UCSD returns all five starters from 
Jast year's 20-7 team which made it to 
regionals for the first time ever. Conse-
quently, the team is ranked as high as 
fourth in one preseason poll, and 10th in 
another. 

The Tritons ' first home action win be 
Tuesday night against Point Loma 
Nazarene. followed by the Triton Tip-
Off Tourney over Thanksgiving break. 

WOMEN: The Tritons open their 
season this afternoon at Point Lorna in 
what is expected to be an extremely 
physical matchup at the Crusaders' 
homecoming. 

Traditionally the opener for both 
teams. the last few games have been 
decided in the do ing moments. 

UCSD hosts powerhouse Occidental 
in its first home game tomorrow night. 

SCORES AND STArS 
Scores and statistics for UCSD athletic 
events for the period of 11-7 to I 1-15 

CROSS COUNTRY 
At NCAA RegIonal. at BoneiU Pari!. Sen Otmas. CA 

MEN; Occodema123. UCSO 86. Whinier 94. Pomona· 
PItta' 113. Redlands 117. Claremont 128. Cal Tech 
169. Menlo 198. CSU Sen Bernardmo 20 1. 
~_ UCSD qUalify 10' !MIllo ..... 
UCSD 1nd1v1cl .. 1: (8 km) 11 . Stelan Wynn 27:36.1. 13. 
Eric Kinney 27:41.1. 19. Sam Gwynn 28:06.3, 20. Mike 
Fox 28007. 23. Sieve Fen"'er 28:18.2. 24. Steve Sluan 
28:20.5. 37. Malt Rmo.' 29:17.9. 
WOMEN: Oocodental 39. UCSO 51 . Pomona·Pitzer 59. 
CSU Sen Berl14lClno 96. VVllft1Jer 129. Menlo 152. Mills 
174. Cal Tech 239. 
Oc cld."'" quIIItftft tor nItionell. 
ucso __ :(5 km) 4. Derus. Mcfayden 18:20.9. 
5. _Ie Conley 18:32.6. 10. Karen Longyear 
19:29.1. 1~. Yolanda Torres 19:52.4. 18. Kalie 
Jatrieson 2O:t 2.4.24. Jamle ZucIlerman 20:50, 26. 
Dawn AIrIcano 21 :15.1. 
_aydln quellftft 10' natIo ...... 

MEN'S SOCCER 
(17-3-1, _ qualtarflnalllll) 
NCAA QUAlllaIFlNAI's at UCSD 

Wt1eaton IIl)1 UCSO 0 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 
ClW._-"'naUonaIty) AlIICAA,.....,..... _ : ChampiOno 

UCSO d. COloradO Cottage 15·12. 15-7, 15-13 
UCSDd. Pomona-PitZAtr 15-6. 15-6.15·12 

MEN'S WATER POLO 
(Na, _15111 MIloneIIy) AI __ POlo _n ChampIonshlpo: 
lNnI PIIIca 

UCSO 13 CIIami.- (HI) ~ 
CSU Los Angeles 10 UCSO 9 (Sudden Daalh aT) 
ucso 9 UC Davis 8 
UC8II M-T~ K""n Vanc<I (firsl1eam), GOIy 
SeeIhors1 (oeoond team) . Andy BNCe. WI. SChatz < __ nJ 

UPCOMING EVENTS 
HOllE lVENTI. IIOUI: a.m.. lrom 1 H 610 11·24 

IEN'S IAIKEI'8ALI. 
~. 7~ p.m., ., Chril1 College of Irvine T-...7 ........... _~_~ 
FtIAa (UI23-24) TrtIona 'I1p-()II T"""-
{CIIrIIIIM ......... am.t eouaoe of 1Mne. 
O[ C., ., 

WOII8I'S IIAlIC£T8AU. 
Friday, 5~ p.m . ., PoinC Lama Nazarene CotIeue 
91111n1ey, 7 ............ 00cIdInIIII Cohaga 

cwo. COUNnIY 
S&Iday. 11 ' .m.. NCAA NatlonaIs at Grinnatt. Iowa 

FDICIIIQ 
~. 9 .. m.." Long __ YO long_. 
GIll Pot, ,..,.,.",.. UC s.nta 8ett>arI. CSU Ful1erlOll 

WOII8I'S VOUIY8AU. 
F..., ... CoI1ege of SI. BeoeditI (Mol) at NCM 
_ .. W8Ihington U,wersrty. SI. Louis. MI~rI 

IWIIO IIIONICAST 
KSOT' ~ 11017. 3:25p.m., CIl·SUlnio!<l fooIbell 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Friday, November 16, 1990 

1990 NCAA DIVISION III CROSS COUNTRY NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS 

Seven Men and a Lady 
• Nationals: The men 
will compete as a team, 
and the sole woman, 
Denise McFayden, has a 
shot at All-America honors 
By Les Bruvold 
Associale Sports Edilor 

Why does the NCAA insist on locat-
ing the NCAA Division III Cross 
Country Championships in places that 
resemble a freezer on its second-coldes t 
setting? 

Last year. the NCAAs were at Rock 
Island. m inois - a midwest garden spot 
rivaled only by Miami . Florida - and 
this season the site selection committee 
picked that bustling metropolis, Grinnell . 
Iowa. 

Nevertheless. UCSD Head Coach 
Mark Stanforth is confident that his 
men 's team and the Tritons' lone 
women 's representative. Deni se 
McFayden. have the ability to defro t 
the rest of the field on Saturday. 

"I definitely think Denise can finish 
in the top 25 [thereby qualifying her for 
All-America honors) ... she finished 29th 
two years ago and she's improved a lot 
since then." Stanforth said. 

Stanforth also belives that his seven-
man men 'ssquad is ready to breakout of 
a season-long rut of inconsistency to 
tum in a strong performance in the cold. 

"If we perform up to our potential. I 
think we can finish in the top 12," 
Stanforth noted. "But. it's more likely 

Brian Morris/Guardian that we'Ucome in between 15thor 17th, 
Eric Kinney (front) and Mike Fox. who will compete for the lasttime as a Triton, will which would still be a really good 
lead the men's team in the national meet tomorrow morning at Grinnell. Iowa. showing." 

UNSTOPPABLE? 
• Preview: Men's basketball 
returns all five starters from last 
year's record-setting squad, and is 
confident it will do even better 
By Emily Rubin 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men 's basketball team is extremely 
confident. 

"We're a team to watch out for. We want to win it 
all. We won ' t settle for just gelling into the playoffs." 

Triton forward Gordon McNeill said that last year. 
And if you think that wasconfidenl. .. listen to them 

now. 

"Nobody can take us out of our game. If we are 
pressuredon the perimeter. we can dump it inside. And 
if they double-team underneath, we still have the 
outside shot." Head Coach Tom Marshall said re-
cently. 

When McNeill asserted that he and his teammates 
wouldn't settle for a glimpse of postseason play. 
UCSD had just finished one of the best seasons in the 
program's history - a 20-7 record. and UCSD' s first 
trip to the NCAA Toumament. 

That trip didn't last as long as the Tritons would 
have hoped, as their upward ascension - last yeat was 
the first time they cracked the top-20 polls - was 
halted in the second round by Nebraska-Wesleyan 
after a bye in the first round of (he NCAAs. 

See M. HOOP, Page 13 
Brian Morrlal Guardian 

Rick Ban, et al .• are looking ahead with an eye on the championship. 

Friday, November 16, 1990 

M. HOOP 
Continued from peg. 12 

UCSD fell 77-75 to its more 
experienced hosts. missing nu-
merous scori'lg opportunies in the 
final minute and a half of the game. 

The Tritons had lea early on. 
holding a 12-point lead in the first 
half that disappeared when they 
were outscored 12-0 just before 
the break. 

The Tritons' endeavors last 
season earned them a spot in two 
national preseason polls - fourth 
in one, and 10th in another. 

With no players from last 
season's team lost to graduation. 
the consensus among this year's 
squad is that they can only get 
better after a year together under 
their collective belts. 

"Last year. ittookawhile before 
we gained a feeling of confidence." 
junior Rick Batt said. "Now we are 
starting off the season where we 
left off [last year] . 

"We can use that confidence to 
give us a jump start forthis season." 

Batt. a 6'1" forward. is one of 
five returning starters for the Tri-
tons . 

Last season. he ranked in the 
top five in the nation in field goal 
percentage (66.3). 

Batt also adds a strong force 
under the basket, averaging 7 .7 
rebounds per game. 

While Batt will provide some 
of the muscle inside. the outside 
game belongs primarily to one 
player - Tim Rapp. 

RapP. a senior. led the team in 
scoring last season (23.9 points per 
game, good for ninth in the na-
tion), in only his second full season 
with the team. He was named .to 
the All-Region team. and was voted 
theTritons' Most Valuable Player. 

Senior guard Tom Shawcroft 
will try to lessen the outside load, 
which Rapp handled most of last 
season. by raining in a few of his 
own from the perimeter. 

"We know we're a team that 
can win it all." Shawcroft said. 
"One year of experience really 
helped. Our goals are much higher 
now." 

McNeill. a 6'8" senior. shares 
co-captain honors with Rapp. Last 
season. McNeill was third on the 
Tritons in scoring (I 3.7 ppg) behind 
Rapp and Batt. and added six re-
bounds per game. 

The fmal retuming starter is 
point guard Darvin Jackson. who 
is the Tritons' best defensive 
player. according to Marshall. 

"We have really good chemis-

The UCSD Guardian 

try." Jackson said. "We've played 
together fora long time and every-
one [on the team] knows his [own] 
capability." 

Marshall feels that UCSD has a 
great "blend of experience and 
youth. 

"The players who come off the 
bench know their roles and push 
the starters to their limits." 

Among those who will see ac-
tion as reserves are loe Lindsay. 
Mark Rogers. Andy Swindall.lohn 
Spence. and Chris Moore. 

Moore. a 6'6" sophomore. wiH 
probably be the first Triton off the 
bench. lending help inside. 
Marshall said. 

In addition. three of this season's 
rookies - Bryan Van Noy. Erik 
Johnson. and Chris Ressa - are 
redshirt freshmen who practiced 
with the team all last season. 
Marshall expects them to contrib-
ute as more than practice players 
this year. 

The only true freshman is back-
up point guard Rodney Lusain. 

According to Marshall. the Tri-
tons are much farther along than 
they were last year at this time. 

'The [team's] attitude is really 
positive." Marshall said. 'They 
know they are capable of going a 
long way." 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN IS LOOKING FOR AN 

ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR 
Pur clips (if)'ou have rhem), resumi. and covu l~rr~T in Phil Gruen's box in rhe Guardian ojJia on rhe secondfloor of rhe 

SrUiknr Cenrer OT moil rhem 10: ~ UCSD Guardian. 9500 Gilman Drive 0316. La Jolla. CA. 92093-0316. 

DEADUNE FOR APPUCA110NS IS 
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1990 

FOR MORE INFORMATION, CALL 534-6582. ASK FOR DANA, LES, OR PETE. 

To GEORGE, 
COLLEGE IS AlL 
GeLFAND 
CHAMPAIGN. 
Champaign. as in Champaign. 
Illinois. where George Sakas is a 
Master's Degree candidate at the 
University of Illinois. 

And Golf. as in George's 1987 
Volkswagen Golf. 
'This car's great to drive. We've 

taken it on road trips to Florida 
and allover the Midwest. Golf's 
got that special. solid Volkswagen 
feel." (Hey George, the word is 
Fahrvergnugen! ) 
"Golf's got lots of room for 

friends. And its hatchback design 
has come in handy for the many 
times I've moved." 

For practicality. performance and 
the fun of Fahrvergnugen, take it 
from George. ~ 
And take up Golf. ....1,{ t..~·f~ --::~ ~1. 

[P[K]~[l a~ 
PRIME 
PICKS 

BY PHIL GRUEN 

PHIL 'S RECORD IS 4·4 

THE "BIG GAME" 

SPORTS 13 

FAYORITE 
CALIFORNIA 

LINE 
*2 

UNDERDOG 
Stanford 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS ... When I mentioned to a friend 
that I was going to do a pick on the "Big Game," she 
said, "Oh, the USC-UCLA game?" Oh, my. my, my. 
No. no, no. no, no. Poor, confused child. This year's 
USC-UCLA game is about as important as Sunday's 
L.A. Rams-Dallas game. In any event. let's get 
something straight. I know that Stanford beat Notre 
Dame this year ... in South Bend. But everybody gets 
lucky once in a while. After all, UCLA beat Washington 
last week. And we all know how good UCLA is. But 
the fact is, Cal is probably having its best year since 
I've been alive (6-3-1,4-2-1 in the Pac-lO), and. well. 
even if it did beat the Irish, Stanford couldn't beat 
UCLA. Hmm ... The "Big Game" always steps up the 
competition level a bit, but the Bears have far too 
much desire this year. even ifCaJ running backRu sell 
White can't get over 700 on his SAT. Stanford? Well. 
the school has never been the same since "The Play." 
Cal could win this thing going away. PHIL SAYS ... 

TAKE THE BEARS 
• OtTKial hnc from FolV More Issues • .... nd Dana IS Ouna Here. CA 

FAHRVERGNOGEN . I T' S W HAT M A K E SAC A R A VOL K S WAG E N. 
If you drive a Volkswagen. you might be selected to 

. appear In an ad hk. 1M one above Send vour Story Ind 
photo to Volkswagen restlmoru.ls. 187 S WOOdwlrd. 
SUite 200. Birmingham, M tehlQln 48009 o t990 Volkswagen 



14 

The BUD POUNDERS Poll 
Intramural 
VOLLEYBALL Rankings 
:rum 
Men's AAA 
1 SUPERWHALES LIVES (9-0) 
2 CHICKS·A·PLENTY (11 -1) 
3 JOHNNY'S ROCKETS (5-1 ) 
4 OUR ROOF LEAKS (7·5) 
5 NOT GREEK (5-4) 
Men's M 

Comments 

Thanks to Greenpeace, you guys are No. 1 
Dein' pretty good for a team full of chicks 
Been hangin' out at the bistro too much 
Blocking Resembles a piece of Swiss Cheese 
There are some? C'mon! Not true. 

1 CRAMPS (15-0) Still pla~n' through the pain 
2 BOX MOWERS (15-0) Hope you don't find any strings 
3 NEUROMUSCULAR DISEASE (14·1) 

No sign of getting bettsr 
4 FROMAGE AU GRATIN (1 6-2) Cheesy schedule could have been tougher 
51WINLESS (11·1) But not winless 
6 HEMP FOR VICTORY (1 2·3) Is that stuff stiD going around? 
7 976·GRBL (13·5) Sorry, wrong number. 
8 WE DIG (1 3-5) We understand. Comprende. 
9 RODENTS OF UNUSUAL SIZE (11 ·4) 

Digging towards the top 
10 5 PISTONS & A HOMIE (12-6) Needs a few more homies 
Men's A 
1 MAGGIE'S DIAPER SWEAT (1 8·0) 
2 BIO-ENG NERDS (17·1 ) 
3 TEAM JAEGER (1 3-2) 
4 HOMER SAYS (1 5·3) 
5 PARTICLE MAN (11-1) 
6 OUT OF SKY (13·2) 
7 MOTHER GOOSE (1 5-3) 
8 CUTENESS (10·5) 
9 OH CAPTAIN, MY CAPTAIN (1 3·5) 
10 DIG A UTILE DEEPER (1 3-5) 
Women's M 
1 SET, SPIKE, DIG (1 8-0) 
2 DIG THIS (16-2) 
3 WHOOH! (16-2) 
4 METEORETTES (1 5-3) 
5 LOVE BARBARIANS (1 3-5) 
Women', A 
1 WE DIG BAllS (1 5-3) 
2 SLEESTAKS (1 6·2) 
3 NERDS (13-2) 
41NSPIKERING (1 2·3) 
5 JACK BUNNY & 2 CHICKS (1 2·3) 

Looking sweet, Maggie 
Needs to do a little more resear 
Will piubably win ~ all 
Somebody give us some competition 
Big time sleeper 
Could parachute to the top 
Mother who? 
Trying to be uglier 
Oh, my goodness, dear captain 
Will need to do plenty of that 

Best formula we know 01 
nching for play·off opportunities 
Great record in a nothing league 
Should flame out near the top 
What were those phone numbers, girts? 

I'm sure 
Lost a tough one to number one 
Can play this game 
Cruising through the weakest of leagues 
Good, but no cigar for these ladies 

VOLLEYBAlL PLAY-OFF NOTES: 1M Volleyball play-offs begin Monday evening, 
November 26th and progress nightly until Championship Sunday, December 2nd. 
Please check the 1M info board at Canyonview (or call 534-4(37) to find out about your 
play·off status. In most leagues, the top four teams wiU • be selected for play-off berths. 
Play-off pairings will be posted and announced Monday. 

BUDMAN'S All·1M FOOTBAll TEAM 1990 
OFFENSE 
WIDE RECIEVER Mal6ck White York Hunt Club 
WIDE RECIEVER Andrea Berardinelli Jocks & Broads 
WIDE RECIEVER ErnestSmth Chocolate City 
CENTER Chris Lowen Get-A-Grip 
LINE TIm Hayward Shoofies 
LINE Greg Taylor York Hunt Club 
QUARTERBACK Scott McPherson Bushmen 

DEFENSE 
RUSHER Casey Joy Badnad 
RUSHER Matt Heller Bushmen 
LINEBACKER Tracy Kehr Lost In The Fogg 
LINEBACKER Matt Zehner Amazing Gurus 
CORNERBACK Gina Lamonitia Ball Gang 
CORNERBACK John Wood Ball Gang 
SAFTEY TIm Andre Big AI's Soldiers 

The U SD Guardian Friday, November 16, 1990 

1990 1M FOOTBALL 
BOWL GAME ROUNDUP 

ANIMAL BOWl 
3 pm Sun. Nov. 18 

This is the big daddy of them all 
at UCSD. The oldest bowl with the 
most tradition. Roger Revelle, 
Charles Urey, Ellen Scripps, 
they've all played in this one. 

The characters and teams are no 
different this year, celebs all of 
them. The leading men are quite 
naturally the York Hunt Club 
quad. These guys have not lost a 

game and are rated numero uno. 
Led by studly Mallick White and 
Dan "Scoop-A-doop" Troy, YHC 
are favorites to be the biggest 
animals on campus. 

Biggest pretenders for the AAA 
title are Chocolate City, The 
Shookies and Big AI's Soldiers. 
Each is very talented. The City is 
led by E1ikk 'No Toast' Aldridge. 
The Shookies feature strong-armed 
slinger, Steve Nowlan and Big AI's 
Soldiers are guided by Tim 'I'm 
Not A QB' Andre. 
BUDMAN'S PREDICTION: York 
vs. Chocolate City in the jifUll with 
York returning to the glory days 
and the winner's circle. 

BANANA BOWl 
lpm Sun NovI8 NCR fields 

This is a once in a lifetime 
occurence in the • AA ' playoffs. 
Three of the four teams in the play-
off semifinals are from the same 
league. That's never happened 
before in the 25 year history of the 
big 'U'. 

The top team in this troika are 
the Sandbagging Bushmen. 
They've been in the 'AA' fmal so 
many times that we actually reserve 
a spot for them. The only problem 
is they choke OuL .... as in regularly. 
The Bushmen cannot win the big 
one, and never will. Look for 
another el-gaggo from them. 

The other two teams from the 

Tolliver league are last year's 'A' 
champs Get-A-Grip and Badnad, a 
very strong contender for the IFC 
championship. The odd team out is 
Too Drunk Too Score. They won a 
tough league and but actually could 
be the team to beat. 
BUDMAN'S PREDICTION: 
Badnad to win it if Fran Tarkenton 
Barnell can have a good game. 

CADAVER BOWl 
Sun, Nov. 18 NCRjield 

This could be the biggest 
mismatch since Custer's Last 
Stand. The 1M department really 
screwed up. They let the best team 
this side of the San Francisco 4gers 
play in the 'A' football finals, 
Saddam's Flyers. These guys 
have the size, 250 pound average 
on the line; ,and the speed, UCSD's 
five fastest runners including some 
of those 250 pound guys. It's 
scary! I've heard the teams in 
, AAA' were scared they were going 
to get moved up to the 'AAA' 
finals. Good luck to the rest of you 
in the 'A' finals. 
BUDMAN'S PREDICTION: Are 
you kidding?! Saddam's Flyers! 
Saddam's Flyers! Saddam's Flyers! 
Saddam's Flyers!!!! 

CUMAXBOWL 
Sun. Nov.I8Iln NCR Field 

This could be the game of the 
day. Barring a big upset in the 
semifinals it will be a great game 
between the #1 Ball Gang and the 
#2 Chutzpah. Both teams have 
basically crushed the competition 
this year. Each has excellent talent 
and both could probably compete in 
the men's divisions. 

The Ball Gang will rely on the 
awesome Deekla Marshall and the 
speed of their wideouts, Kevin 
Gelbard, John Wood and Jordan 
'Lasorda' Cook. Chutzpah has 

been awesome but their guys are 
slower than snails and we really 
don't think their girls can carry 
them. 
BUDMAN'S PREDICTION: Ball 
Gang by two touchdowns. Speed 
and a great lady will be the 

lADY BOWL 
SUII. Nov. 18 lpm NCR Fiehl 

It's been a short season to say the 
least. The teams have had trouble 
getting their acts together. But this 
is playoff weekend. That means 
it's showtime. The two teams who 
will compete for the title will be the 
defending champs Carolyn Who? 
and Lost In The Fogg. Basically 
these two team battled it out for the 
championship last year. Both have 
a history of being exceMent squads. 
I think this year the tide will turn 
with a new champion in Lost In 
The Fogg. They have too much 
talent with Tracy Kehr and Sam 
Bloom to not win it. 
BUDMAN'S PREDICTION: 
Fogg by 1 in a great game. 

SOUl BOWl 
Sun. Nov. 18 11 am NCR Fiehl 

This game is always hard to call. 
But this year it looks like the team 
U Can't Rush should be the 
favorites. They were in a very good 
league and if they had been in 
another league they might have 
been in the Coed 'AA' finals 
instead. They have been one of the 
top scoring teams in 1M's this year. 
If they have a problem it is that 
their defense is a sieve. If you are 
looking for an upset, look for Muff 
& Buff to use Barbie like moves to 
tantalize the other teams into 
submission. 
BUDMAN'S PREDICTION: U 
Can', Rush won't be rushed and 
should win it going away. 

FOOTBAlL BOWL WEEKEND SIX-PAJ( SElECTIONS 
AMMAl MHMM CAM_ QMU .fOCI IN1Y 

BUDIIAN YORK BUSHMEN SADOAM'S BAll RUSH CAROlYN 
..-v TIE QEEK YORK BAONAD SADOAM'S CHUT BAU.S LOST 
VEGAS YORK BUSHMEN SADOAM'S CHUT RUSH LOST 
.u.YSWAGGART YORK BADNAO SADOAM'S BAll RUSH CAROlYN 
SPUDS SHOOKIES DRUNK SAOOAM'S BALl RUSH LOST 
URSULA UP8ET CITY GRIP CSO'S CHUT DILDOS LOST 
CONSENSUS YORK TOSS-UP SADDAM'S TOSS-UP RUSH LOST 


