
WEEKEND 
EDili : 
• OPINION 

It's that season again. That time, 
generally associated with full moons, 
witches, ghouls, and goblins, in which 
the demons emerge and run rampant, 
showering us with lies, in hope of 
payment for doing nothing. 

Which means - of course - that 
it's time once again for that amazingly 
stupid, yet time-honored game of 
treachery and deception: the general 
electionlPAGE4 

• FEATURES 
Money matters may be over-

whelming for many students. One of 
the sources of this confusion lies in 
credit cards. Some banks offer special 
plans for students, while others don't. 

Many students find college is a big 
expense. With a little ingenuity and 
common sense, students can stretch 
their dollars without sacrificing fun 
and entertainmentlP AGE 7 

.SPORTS 
UCSD Athletic Director Judy 

Sweet is climbing high on the 
administrative ladder after being 
nominated for President of the NCAA 
last week. 

Sweet, who is currently the 
NCAA's secretary-treasurer, will 
learn whether or not she is elected at 
January's NCAA Convention in 
Nashville, Tennessee.IPAGE 12 

• HiATUS 
Flip-Flop. The image of a dying 

fish haunted TV screens in millions of 
American homes this ummer thanks 
to MTV's heavy push of the bay 
area' uncategorizable band Faith No 
More. Hiatus reveals the band behind 
the fish with an interview with 
keyboardi t Roddy Bottum.!PAGE 
HI 

INDEX ... 
Science News ...................... 2 
O . . . 4 pinion .................. ............. . 
Features ... ............................ 7 
Hiatus ................................ H1 
Sports ...................... .......... 12 

UCSD Scientist Becomes Center 
Of National Smoking Controversy 
• Congressman's aide suggests Burns may have anti-tobacco 'vendetta' 
By Jennifer Meadows 
Staff Writer 

David Bums, an associate clinical professor 
of medicine at UCSD, saidhehad been officially 
appointed to an Environmental Protection 
Agency (EPA) Science Advisory Boord created 
to review studies on second-hand smoke effects, 
despite efforts by the tobacco industry to block 
his appointment. 

community for his anti-smoking views, worked 
for several years as an editor for the surgeon 
general's reports on smoking, inc\udinga widely 
read report on the dangers of second-hand smoke . 

surprised when an Associated Press reporter 
contactedhirn last Thursday to get hi reaction to 
reports that he had been removed. 

Bums said he called Robert Aaak, the assis-
tant director of the EPA' Science dvisory 
Board,tocheckon reports thatSAB head Donald 
Bames had decided not to appoint him. 

While the Science Advi ory Board (SAB) 
panel has not yet been officially announced, 
Bum said he was first asked to serve on the panel 
last July. 

Bums, who is well known in the scientific 
Under the assumption that he already held a 

seat on the advisory panel, Bums said he was 

Aaak did confirm that Bames had made the 
decision that he was not going to appoint me to 

See BURNS, page 6 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Arachnaphotobia? - As halloween nears, a spiderlike camera 
lurks in a web made out of rolls of film. This Visual Arts project is 
located in the eucalyptus grove east of the Sun God. 

Fraternities Vote to 
Deny Membership 
For Beta Theta Pi 
By Debbie Rosenthal 
Staff Writer 

UCSD's Beta Theta Pi fraterni ty was officially denied 
membership into the UCSD Greek System at an 
InterfraternityCouncil (IFC) meeting held Tue day night. 
Tuesday 's night's decision means that thi particular 
colony will neverbe admitted because of the newexpansion 
policy adopted at Tuesday's meeting. 

The!FC took two votes, the first of which would have 
allowed Beta Theta Pi associate tatus membership. and 
the second on a proposal which would have permitted the 
colony "the opportunity to [become IFC members] later," 
according to IFC Vice President of Communications Jay 
Wright. The first vote denied associate status membership 
bya 17-5 margin with one abstention, and the vote on the 
proposal failed by a 10-9 margin with two abstentions, 
according to Wright. He added that two IFC members had 
left the meeting by the time of the second vote. 

The !FC voting board consists of the pre ident of each 
chartered UCSD fraternity and one other repre entative 
from each fraternity . 

'Associate tatus' is the term for entry-level member-
ship into the IFe. As an associate member, a fraternity can 
participate in IFC-sponsored program , including ex-
changes and sports tournaments, but may not vote on 
is ues at meeting until they have acquired full member-
ship. 

Tuesday' vote pecifted that the Beta Theta Pi national 
fraternity could have a chapter on the UCSD campus at 
some point in the future. If representatives from the Beta 
Theta Pi national fraternity were willing to come to UCSD 

See BETA, page 6 

Nurses Picket Medical Center to Protest Low Wages 
• Current nursing contract expires 
Oct. 31, and a strike might follow 
By Kent Korzon 
Senior Staff Writer 

Over50 nurses picketed the UCSD 
Medical Center Wednesday, pre ing 
for an improved contract after the 
current contract expires Oct. 31 . If 
contract negotiations are not re olved 
by Oct. 31, there i a possibility the 
regi tered nurses (RN ) may trike. 

The contra t between the Califor-
nia Nurses A s iatioo (CNA) and 
theU y temcoversover7, RN 
tatewid and affects rnecli al enters 

located at San Diego, Irvine, Los An-
gele ,San fJand 0, and I)avi . 

Karen Heeney, a representative 
fortheCNA, aidthat tatewidenego-
tiations with the UC ystem are not 
going weU. The CNA Nurse Neg(>li-
atingTeamhas been meeting with U 
management ince Sept. 5. 

According to Heeney, the main 
points of contention are overtime pay, 
unguaranteed benefits, and the lack of 
equal pay for equal work. 

Currently, RN atthe five medical 
centers often work 12 hour hifts, and 
do not receive overtime' pay for the 
e un hours. 

"UCSD i ex ludedfromthetime-
and-a-halfbecause it' partially tat 
funded," a cording to Barbara Preec 
of the Nursing Recruitment Offi eat 
th UC Medi al Center. 

NursesattheUC DMedical en-
ter are tate employees and are not 
eligible for overtime compensation 
because tate employees do not re-
ceiveovertimepayas tandardpolicy, 
Preece said. 

"All [ho pital in San Diego] e -
See NURSES, page 3 

l 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
Nurses picketed the UCSD Medical Center Wednesday. 



2 NEWS 

N~:~s'E =:;ii;L= £If V, I. 
SCIENTIFIC & MEDICAL UPDATES 

An Asteroid May Be a Comet: 
Analysis Prompts More Research 

Recent reanalysis of data collected in 19790nasteroid 
2201 Oljato- has suggested that the asteroid may actually 
be the remainder of a comet. 

Dr. Lucy McFadden, assistant research physicist with 
the California Space Institute at Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography, reponed on October 25 that the asteroid 
was originally studied for its optical properties. At the 
time, the asteroid was noted as showing an anomalous 
excess of ultraviolet reflectance, typically seen in the 
emissions of cometary gases, not asteroids. 

New analysis suggests that the ultraviolet brightness 
resulted from the emission of water molecules breaking 
up in the presence of sunlight at a rate consistent with that 
of known comets. 

"Scientists have long suspected that some of the 
asteroids that come close to Earth are probably cores of 
once gaseous comets, yet their appearance as seen through 
the telescope is that of a point source and not the wispy of 
a comet with a glowing coma and tail," McFadden said. 

In December of 1992, Oljato will again be observable 
through astronomers' telescopes. This time they will use 
equipment designed to tudy comets inst.ead of asteroids. 

Supercomputer Will Add New 
Computer to Aid Genetic Research 

Through a two-year agreement between the San Diego 
Supercomputer Center [SDSC] and nCUBE, a company 
based in Beaverton, Oregon, the SDSC has been able to 
obtain an nCUBE 2 parallel supercomputer. 

The SDSC also received a supporting grant from the 
ationaJ Science Foundation to assist researchers in the 

development of software for the nCUBE 2, particularly in 
biological applications such as the human genome project. 

Parallel computers work by dividing a single compu-
tational task among its several processors (computational 
units). 

The architecture of the nCUBE 2 makes it pallicularly 

The UCSD Guardian 

useful for comparing newly discovered genetic sequences 
with thousands of previously known sequences found in 
existing data banks. With the nCUBE 2, ponions of the data 
bank could be divided among 256 processors, with compari-
sons performed in each unit. Any matches would be returned 
to the host computer. 

Scripps Marine Biologists Receive 
Grant to Study Migration of Seals 

Marine biologists are currently conducting in-depth stud-
iesoftheocean migration of young Nonh Pacific fur seal pups 
near the Aleutian Islands off AJsaka. 

Dr. Paul Dayton, a professor at Scripps Institution of 
Ocaeanography, has received a $128,000 grant for a two-year 
study from the UniversityofCalifomia's Pacific RirnResearch 
Program. The program provides the university support to UC 
faculty for research that contributes to an understanding of the 
Pacific Rim as a region. Other support for this research comes 
from the U.S. Department of the Interior the Coa t Guard. 

By the end of this month, just prior to the onset of the seals ' 
migration, the investigators will have placed small radio 
transmitters on furseaJ pups. They hope to be able to track their 
sea-going migrdtory paths and to determine the extent of the 
seals' travels as they leave the Bering Sea and enter the NOM 
Pacific Ocean. 

Once hunted extensi vely for their pelts, fur seals are no 
longer commercially harvested, but their survival and ocean 
habits may be threatened by commercial fishing activities, 
ship traffic, and oil and gas exploration. 

Chemistry Department Seminars to 
Be Held in First Week of November 

The Department of Chemistry will present three seminars 
in the first week of November: 

• Monday - An Organic Chemistry seminar wilJ be held 
wjth Dr. A.K. Ganguly speaking on "Dual Antagonist ofPaf 
and Histamine. "The seminar will beheldat4p.m.atCSB 002. 

• Tuesday - An as-yet unannounced seminar will beheld 
at4 p.m. in Urey Hall, room 2102. There has been no speaker 
announced yet for the event. 

• Thursday-Dr.JohnAbelsonwiUspeakintheMarlene 
A. Deluca Memorial Lecture. Abelson will speak on "Mes-
senger RNA Splicing in Yeast." The lecture will be at 4 p.m. 
in the Liebow Auditorium of the Basic Science Building. 

• Friday - Prof. Clark Landis of the University ofWis-
cons in at Madison will speak at the Inorganic Chemistry 
Seminar on the "Structures and Selectivity in Homogeneous 
Catalysis." The seminar is at4 p.m. at 103 Peterson Hall. 

The temperatures for Friday, 
Saturday I and Sunday 
in San Diego County: 

.Weather outlook: 
Beach Areas ~ 

c:S~ 

I La Mesa 93-88-85 

cloudy with sometog 

Average temperature for 
sea/air is 71 degrees. 
Surf is good in form with great 
visibility (15-25 feet) for diving. 
Surf Period Swell 
(Feet) (Secs.) Direction 
2-3 5-7 w 
Surfing conditions: 

FAIR TO GOOD 

'" 

Friday, October 26,1990 

Compiled by Kent Komm, Senior Staff Writer 
October t9: 
5:24 p.m.: A student reponed the theft of a 1984 Toyma Corolla from 
La Jolla Shores and Shellback Drive . Loss: $3,000. 

October 20: 
12:/3 a.m.: A Student suffered a CUI to the head while panicipating in 
a dance at Revelle College. The student was transponed to Scripps 
Memorial Hospital by the police. 
10:55 a ,III.: A staff member reponed the burgtary of power tools from 
the Mandell Weiss shop. Loss: $1,000. 

October 21: 
4:00 a.m.: A student reponed that a bulletin board in Tcnaya Hall was 
set on fire. 
10:30 p.m.: A fire occured in lhe U1Ish receptacle on the wesl side of 
Warren Apartmenl Building 2. SDFD responded to the call. 
10:35 p.m.: An unknown suspect forced entry into a t984 Honda 
Accord. The incident occurred between 3 p.m. and 5 p.m. 

October 22: 
12:22 am.: A femate student from Pepper Dnyon was reponed 
missing since O<:t. 2 t at 5: t5 p.m. 
9:20am.: Ametco Electric reponed the burglary or electric equipment 
from the Mandell Weiss Forum construction site. 
9:50 a.m.: A mate staff member lacerated his thumb and palm with a 
table saw. Paramedics responded. The victim was transponed to 
Scripps Cli nic by privale vehicle. 
J :40 p.m.: A student reponed the theft of a 2-way radio from the 
grounds crew althe grounds yard at 4015 Otd Miramar Road. on Oct. 
I, between to and to:30a.m. Loss: $1,tOO. 

Oclober 23: 
10:35 a.m.: A stafT member reponed the theft of cash from the Third 
Coltege Humanities Buitding between O<:L t7 andOc\. t9. Loss: $75. 
3:05 p.nL: A 20 year-otd female student was arrested for resisting a 
peace officer at Revelle Plaza. She was cited and released at the station. 

October 24: 
12 :35 a.m.: An officer reponed a student in possession of brass Imuck-
tes at Third College. 
8:45 a.m.: A staff member reponed the theft of patio furniture from the 
IRPS building. Loss: $1.000. 
10:00 a.m.: An officer ~poned that notes with implied threats were left 
on at least two vehicles at the Mesa Apanments. According to Officer 
Tom Morris, lhe notes stated, " tfyou keep staning your car too earty in 
the morning. we'll hetp you get it fixed." 'Ole cars which received the 
n()(es may have had "muffler problems," Monis said. 
11:05 a.m.: A counterfeit pennit was impounded from a 1988 Hyundai 
in Lot 101. 
2:45 pm.: Potice recovered a 1986 VW Jella previously stolen from 
UCSD. The VW was released to its owner. 

GuXSi.)IAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBtN MACLEAN, Ifallllg/ng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, Opinion Editor 
LES BAUVOLD, Associate Sports Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Sports Editor 
JAMES COWER, Design Editor 
REBEKAH DENN, Associate News Editor 
GREG DIXON, Auoclate Opinion Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMILTON, Associate News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, Associllte News Editor 
LARA HE1SlER, Assocla/rt Arts Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, Associate Arts Editor 
PETER KO, Associate Sports Editor 
JENNIFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Associate Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, AlUlEnhIttlJlnmant Editor 
MEL MARCELO, Auoclate GllIphics Editor 
SANGEET A MEHTA, Associate Features Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, Associate Photo Editor 
JUUE PUZON, FtNItures Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Editor 
JASON SNELl, News Editor 
RIMAS UZGIRlS, Photo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHt, Associate Features Editor 
JENNtFER YANCEY, Arts/Entertainment Editor 
_ Staff WriIo<s: Anion B<1Iner, Blyan o.as. Mat. Pas"'nak. MIchael Schwartz 
SUIIWrit«s: JolIn _ .POII Boshop. WMer Bo,., Ga-<~CIlI$y Paula c." ... .IlwnesOw'oN. 
ROOb ear_ /<my KnoI<o , Cay Udschrl. SIler!)' L""ranco. _ Moillows. Mogan O·K .. ~. 
Ken PO/Inan, Too Powe~ IletDt Aose11'I1aI. Doug ShaddIe . .... Shennan. G<egoty Waypa, 

ca.U~ WoodIt"<I<pe. ~ WOicoII. ems ZiWmS 
PhOtog"ph,,,: G<og Boros Cay Udschrl. Ed L<n. Fab Zunoga 

~USVItDrl: MkI CIY1\L car~ Lew. Uogh Anne ~. Ka!y Roe. Helen TN. MOe 
UpOo'll'O'a 
EdI\OI1aI Asoi""': .Ilwnes Oigman 
TypI.lI: MeIssa Fa" . An K .... ·IZ. Stan o Coma • D .... WI"" 
Copy Readels: __ .G<ogHuIIs ..... AnKtaw'IZ.carnlGo.B<endaOs..r""' .... 
P''''''Y. Mat1I\I P...." ...... Sponge< Kana S""'IO 
ProdUC1lcxr Donna a.gIIf. GriCIChui. ~aCook. KalhIeGot.iett.l.Ma Proctor. Suzy W&3Y&r 
Dave WyTVlf 
T,INtng OO'OC\Of: St~ 

~=-:--:::--:---::-::-BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 
E. LEtGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
Adlttr\i ng Rf'P(tWf1tativ ,. F-... . . ~ T 
Advw1Itlng A!. ..-t.1~ ,Scr; I.~ 
Cn:uldllon 1"" VldlV'" L-. 

Friday, October 26,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Faculty Requests Shrinking of RIMAe 
• Assembly also questions events component of facility 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Sta ff Writer 

The Representati ve Assembl y of 
the Academic Senate met Tuesday 
and voted in favor of two resolu-
tions concerning the Recreation/ln-
tramural Athletic and Events Cen-
ter (RIMAC). 

The first resolution, created by 
the Executive Committee of the 
Representative Assembly, asks 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson to re-
duce the size of the facility from 
160,000 square feet to 126,000 
square feet. 

In addition, the resolution re-
quests of Atkinson "that those de-
sign elements needed for appropri-
ate elimination of noi se from 
RIMAC, for safe guarding the secu-
rity of nearby university and other 
propenies, and for efficient and ad-
equate management of traffic and 
other congestion due to usage of 
RIMAC, be fully implemented, in 
spite of potential construction cost 
increases." 

Graduate Student Association 
President Daved Fremont submit-
ted the second resolution, which 
requests that Atkinson grant a 
"prompt, fair, and impartial hearing 
of students' grievances concerning 
the RIMAC proposaJ." 

Members of the Academic Sen-
ate focused on the inclusion of the 
component that allows the RlMAC 
facility to be used for public events, 
such as concerts. They debated lO-
cation, funding, size, and student 
concerns before passing the resolu-
tion. 

John Edson, president of the As-
sociated Students (A.S.), demon-
strated his opposition to the Aca-
demic Senate's proposed structural 
changes by abstaining from 
Tuesday's meeting, and asked A.S. 
Vice President Molly McKay to do 
the same. 

"I refuse to attend the meeting 
and give any legitimacy to a poten-
tially dangerous resolution that never 
belooged in the Academic Senate. 
[The resolution] is endangering the 
university's financial commitment 
to the building and potentiall y raises 
costs forthe students," Edson stated. 

'The chancellor told me that 
changing the structure would mean 
a re-vote [by students on the RIMAC 
referendum] ," Edson explained, in-
dicating that if the referendum was 
taken back to that point, it would 
potentially jeopardize $10 million 
in funding ($6 mill ion in fundraising 
and donations, $2 miJIion from an 
increase instudentregistration fees, 
and $2 million from acampus fund). 

Edson concluded, "The univer-
sity has made a commitment to the 
students for the past three years to 
build [RIMAC], and [ will present 
to the Chancellor in the strongest 
terms as possible that he not be 
pressured by the Academic Senate, 
or any other group, into destroying 
this facility ." 

During the meeting, Vice Chan-
cellor Joseph Watson agreed with 
as emblymembers' concems that 
the designated location of the facil-
ity is tooclose to academic buildings, 
such as the San Diego Supercom-
puter, the Graduate School of inter-
national Relations and Pacific 
Studies, the .lnstitute Qf the Ameri-
cas. 

However, Watson argued the 
facility is intended to be used forthe 
interim until a permanent events 
facility is built east of Interstate 5. 

Douglas Smith, academic senate 
chairman, re-enforced Watson's 
point, adding, "I don' t think we 
should be swayed by the events 
component." 

Assemblymembers indicated 
that a general concem among fac-
ulty members has been that the $6 
million to be obtained through fund 
raising and donations, and put to-
ward the $32 million projected con-
struction costs, will result in fewer 
donated funds earmarked for aca-
demic purposes. 

He added that 'The $6 million is 
crucial to the financial viability of 
the project." He felt academic dt:-
partments would not suffer adverse 
effects. 

Watson cited the events compo-
nent as a potential agent for funding 
through donations, saying, "The 
wider the breadth of your project, 
the more people you will appeal to." 

The request in the resolution to 
reduce the square footage of the 
facility replaced the original sug-
gestion of cutting the number of 
seats in half, after Watson pointed 
out that a reduction in seats would 
only cut costs in terms of equip-
ment, and would not result in a 
smaller building. 

According to Edson, while cre-
ating a smaller facility may reduce 
the overall cost, this reduction would 
be reflected in the amount that the 
university puts toward RIMAC, and 
will not lessen the $70 increase in 

Vice Chancellor Joseph Watson 
student registration fees that will be 
implemented once the facility is 
completed .• 

Fremont's resolution, which asks 
for a hearing ofst udents , complaints 
regardingRIMAC, in part duplicates 
a resolution passed by the A.S. 
council on October 12, which also 
caJls for a hearing of student griev-
ances. 

The A.S. has received no re-
sponse from the administration to 
its resolution, according to Edson. 

'The grievances that have been 
raised have been looked at clearly, 
fairly,andobjectively, and have been 
found [to be] without validity," 
announcedWatson prior to the 
Assembley's vote on the resolutions. 

Chancellor Atkinson was not 
available for comment. 

WEDNESDAY'S A.S. MEETING IN BRIEF 
AppoIat_lI: 

• Lila Flaig. AS. PIrliamcntarian 
• Mluhew Pizza, Revelle College Junior Senator 
• Pancho Guevara, A.S. FlIWICe Commil1et 
• Tayati Mcbezaji, A.S. Rules Comminee 
• Erik Jolwon. A.S . Exremal Commiuee 
• Holly Cooper, T.A. DevelopmeOl Advisory CommitlU 
• Brent Alan Kerr, Parlting and Traruponation Advisory Comminee 
• Mark Minas, Student· At-Large to Sludent Organizalion FiNnce Board 
• Shennan Griffith, Student-At-Large to Student Organization ~inance Board 
• Alidad Moaveni. Muir College represenlatiye to Sludent Organization Ftnance Board 
• Joe Cassar. Muir College represcnllllive 10 Cultural Programming Board 
• Gail Hirokanc. Student· At-Large 10 Cultwal Prognunming Board 
, Mauhew Lehrer. Seience Research Park Planning Committee 

Allocations: 
• 52t8.oo for uansponalion and lodging to "Student of Color Conference." from the 

general unaIIocared fund. 
• 537S.OO for repair of external disk drive of ASIO computer. from general 

unallocared. 
• $370.00 for Ihc 1990-91 College Bowl. from general unallocaled. 
• 5250.00 for creation of a media operating !lecount. from media unallocated. 

- Anton Bittner 

NEWS 3 

NURSES: Workers picket, 
may strike by November 1 
Continued from page 1 
cept forthe Veteran's Adminis-
tration Hospital and UCSD pay 
time-and-a-half after eight 
hours," Heeney said, which she 
claimed is an industry standard. 

Heeney said that nurses at 
the medical centers don't stay 
when they can go elsewhere and 
get higher pay. 

She added that the UC needs 
incentives to keep nurses. 

The CNA claims that sala-
ries should rise in response to a 
current shortage ofRNs. 

Preece contends that there is 
no shortage of nurses in San 
Diego or California, and that 
while there are open positions, 
hospitals never have all of them 
filled. 

According to a CNA flyer, 
the most recent figures available 
from the American Hospital As-
sociation cite an average national 
vacancy rate of 12.66 percent 
for RNs, with an average va-
cancy rate of 11 percent in the 
Pacific Region. The California 
Employment Development De-
partment says the demand for 
more nurses in the San Diego 
area win increase by 27 percent 
over the next five years. 

Information provided by the 
CNA states that hospital expen-
ditures for temporary nurses il-
lustrate the extent of the short-
age and the need to recruit per-
manent nurses. 

According to Heeney, tern-
ponuy. or registry nurses who 
work the 12 -hour shifts are paid 
time-and-a-balfaftereighthours. 
The medical centers paid over 
$28 million to registry nurses 
hired because the salary and 
benefits offered by the medical 
centers do not compare to those 
at other hospitals in the area. 

The UCSD Medical Center 
[UCMC] paid $3.6 million to 
registry nurses, according to in-
fonnationprovidedbytheCNA. 
Heeney feels that the money 
would be better spent by hiring 

experienced pennanent nurses 
to provide consistent, quality 
care. 

Preece conflnned that regis-
try nurses are regularly hired by 
the UCMC, but said that there is 
no comparison. 

Regisuy nurses work for reg-
istry companies, and receive no 
UC benefits. The registry cOm-
panies set their own pay rates for 
their employees. The UC sys-
tem has no control over their 
pay, Preece said. 

Anotherproblem between the 
nurses and the UC system are a 
lack of guaranteed benefits, 
Heeney said. 

A flyer distributed by a pick-
eting nurse stated, "Costs to the 
RNs for some health benefits 
have more than doubled this year. 
Undercurrent language, the UC 
has the power to change any or 
all aspects of our health benefits 
at will." 

Sue Cross, a benefits assis-
tant for the UC, confirmed that 
benefits fornursesare"not guar-
anteed." However, this is " true 
for everybody" who is on UC 
benefit plans. 

"Eachyear,alJ [benefit plans] 
negotiate forcontcacts for insur-
ance ... [there is a] set price and 
set benefits for a whole year," 
Cross said. She added that the 
benefits can change; the state 
gives the UC money and benefit 
plans make the money go as far 
as possible. 

According to Cross, when 
funds run low, charges for the 
benefitsmayrise.llIerearemore 
than one benefit plan for -DC 
employees, and a no-cost ben-
efit plan are available, Cross said. 

The CNA feels the issue of 
parity in pay for RNs at different 
hospitals is another important 
issue. 

Heeney said the RNs at the 
five medical centers "all have 
different salaries, while doctors 
there are paid the same from one 
to another." 

- G7J¥UCSD 
-= UARDIAN 



OPINION 
--------------------------------------~ ------------------- -------
4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Friday, October 26, 1990 

COMMENTARY 

Send Them to the' Arena 
I • In a world of dirty politics, the electoral system should be reformed accordingly 

By Jeff Pitman 
It' s that season again. 
That time, generally a sociated with full moons, 

witches, ghouls, and goblins, in which the demons 
emerge and run rampant, sticking out their hands and 
showering us with lies and deceit, in hope of payment 
for doing nothing. Followed, of course , by mean-
spirited, despicable tortures, whether or not we actu-
ally give them anything. 

It is the season when picture of horribly wrinkled, 
warty old creatures appear in the newspapers, on TV, 
and store windows. 

Which means - of course - that it's time once 
again for that amazingly stupid, yet time-honored 
game of treachery and deception: the general elec-
tion. A meaningless exercise in which the Washing-
ton and Sacramento cum toss us a few trivial scraps 
of candy, fooling us into thinking that we actually 
have some control over the direction of our country. 

It 's a convenient little ruse, a " decision" that 
usually boils down to a coin toss between two obvi-
ously lying crooks -or at least two that will actually 
receive votes - such as Dianne Feinstein and Pete 
Wil on (although the e twO may actually be the same 
person). 

Apparently. when this system was concoc ted. 
someone had the bright idea that by giving us peons 
the illusion of political power, we would be less likely 
to grab a scythe, drive to Wa hington, and run howl-
ing like banshees through the halls of Congress, 
lopping off heads like stalks of wheat. Although, it 
still need to be done. 

Which is why , when J changed my voter regis tra-
tion to San Diego. I aJ 0 changed my party affiliation 

from Democrat to Libertarian. Now no longer will I be 
forced. out of party loyalty, to vote for some admitted 
fascist like Feinstein or Lloyd Bentsen - or at least 
run the risk of helping one get elected. 

Of course, nobody I've voted for has ever actually 
made it into office, and the ballot measures I support 
that pass are never actually enforced, but at least this 
way I can be damn sure that it StiYS this way. Besides, 
now I get to vote against both bonehead major-party 
candidates. 

My system does have a few minor flaws : Mainly , 
during an innocent night of TV -watChing, I'm still 
assaulted by the puerile trash these jerks spew out in 
thei r hateful attempts to brainwash the Average 
American Idiot into voting for them. Just look at the 
vile slime Wilson and Feinstein have been discharging 
for the past four or five months. Now try to do it 
without puking. 

The American political campaign commercial is 
the single most insidious deliberate affront to the 
intelligence of its audience, even more so than San 
Diego local news and "Charles in Charge." And ev-
eryone reeks with a stench even more foul than the 
assholes that made it. 

I ' m not sure, but campaign commercials must be at 
least partially funded by the TV manufacturers them-
selves , because my immediate impulse upon seeing 
one is to seize any available heavy object and hurl it 
through the screen (which, of course, can get rather 
expensive). Somebody should check the campaign 
contribution disclosure lists of the various candidates 
and ballot measures to find out for sure. 

But if we destroy all televisions, we still have all the 
radio and print ads, along with the billboards, lawn 

America a New 
Vision for Security 
By Greg Dixon 
Associate Opinion Editor 

Nalionalsecurity has long been arally-
ing cry for Americans seeking to promote 
their programs in Congress. It has been 
used to justify everything from military 

COMMENTARY 
expenditures to subsidies for potato farm-
ers. The changes in the world political 
climate require a new view of national 
security. This view has been put forward 
by a large number of groups seeking to 
promote their individual interests. 

its interest abroad and at home. The United 
Slates is a strong military power, but the 
orientation of the military must now be 
changed. 

No longer is the threat of a Soviet invasion 
of Europe our foremost cOIlCem. We must 
now be concerned. with low intensity conflicts 
across the globe. America must develop a 
new style of armed forces. 

signs, and bumper stickers to contend with. A losing 
battle. And the chances of any future candidates run-
ning a campaign on real issues and actually having the 
guts to admit what they really will be doing once in 
office (i.e. devoting every available second to getting 
more power and getting re-elected) are about the same 
as those of the Cubs beating the Red Sox in next year's 
World Series. 

What we real ly need to do is tos out the entire 
election system altogether, if only to stem the tidal 
wave of political diarrhea soaking us from Washing-
ton and Sacramento. Instead, we'll replace our elec-
toral system with what we should have been using all 
along: full-scale gladiatorial combat. 

Really. C'mon, let's face it : however cultured and 
intelligent we pretend to be, we humans are really 
nothing more than an over-educated race of blood-
thirsty savages. 

So why not admit it? Instead of tediously punching 
holes in ballot cards this November, we could all be 
enjoying a few gratifying rounds of our candidates 
punching holes in each other. 

Personally, nothing (well, almost nothing) would 
give me more pleasure that watching Dianne Feinstein 
swinging a 20-pound club studded with six-inch iron 
spikes directly at Pete Wilson 's head. Or Wilson 
running Feinstein through with a rusty sword, pulling 
her intestines out, and dancing on the bloody entrails. 

The beauty of this system is, if nothing else, at least 
one of the candidates will end up a bloody, mutilated 
corpse. And when the victor emerges, battered and 
bleeding, moaning about his or her injuries and the 
incredible brutality ofil all , at least it will finally be our 
turn to s::y, " Don't blame us, we didn't do it. " 

Foremost among these are the advo-
cates of the "peacedividend."These people 
feel that the military budget should be cut 
and the money generated by these cuts 
should be put into social programs and 
deficit reduction. TIlere are others who 
seek to use this money for assisting other 
nations along the path to democracy. Both 
of these views are not realistic given what 
goals would best benefit this nation. 

The goal of this force will be to protect 
American interests abroad. It wiU be rapidly 
deployable, with the best possible equipment. 
Operdtion Desert Shield has demonstrated 
that the ability of America to deploy its best 
military equipment on short notice is nOl. 
currently sufficient for our needs. It look al-
most two months for a sizable force to be 
deployed to Saudi Arabia This is far too slow. 

America must focus on a stronger Rapid 
Deployment Force, and on sufficient air-
mobile armor and heavy equipment. Some 
steps in this direction have been taken, but 
Congress has been reluctant to break from 
past pallems of military spending. 

jets for self-defence. Above all, the Navy 
must be kepi strong and ready to project 
American might to any comer of the globe at 
a moment's notice. 

other parts of the world. 
The military as a whole must be re-

duced in terms of expenditures, but not in 
its ability to defend this nation. It would be 
foolhardy to assume that just because we 
do not expect a conflict with another ma-
jor power in the near future, there will be 
no need for military force in the modem 
world. Iraq has amply demonstrated that 
force can only be stopped by sufficient 
counterforce. 

America must begin with a fundamen-
tal change in the way that it defines "na-
tional security."We muslchangethe way 
we see the prosperity of the nation. No 
longer is military force sufficient to guar-
antee the freedom. of action for a nation. 
America must come to define national 
security on a broader level. 

Military force is a necessary tool of 
intemational policy. A nation must be 
able to deploy sufficient force to protect 

The Navy must be the core of America's 
ability to project force. America i~a maritime 
nation, by geography and inclination. To pro-
tect this, a strong navy is essential. America 
must maintain its naval forces at least at its 
current level in order to effectively protect 
American shipping interests across the globe. 

The main change in the Navy must be the 
addition of a greater number of multi-pur-
pose, high peed transports such as the pro-
posed S.C.A.D.S . ships, which would carry 
cargo and also a contingent of AV-SB jump 

The Air Force of the United States should 
be re-oriented to support the operations of tile 
othermilitarybranchesaswellastoprojectair 
power to remote areas. It is essential. for this 
purpose that the Air Force continue to have a 
qualitative edge over every possible 0ppo-
nent. The current development of advance 
fi gbter and bomber aircraft is essential to 
retain our edge over the rest of the world. 

TIle current focus on strikes against targets 
in the ~oviet Union should be altered to 
consider more realistic problems, sucb as 
defeating theairpowerofnations such as Iraq, 
and providing the ability for low intensity 
strikes against trategic and political targets in 

Yet it would be foolish to place na-
tional security solely on the shoulders of 
the military. The finest military in the 
world is useless if the nation that wields it 
is a poor nation, lacking the economic 
power to support it. Iraq has lhe fourth 
largest military in the world , but it cannot 

See SECURITY, Page 5 

Friday, October 26, 1990 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Israel Commentary Was 
Misinformed Propaganda 
Editor: 

The commentary by Greg Dixon 
("America Should Let Go of the 
Rogue," Oct. 24), falls short of be-
ing anti-Semitic propaganda. It is 
painfully obvious, though perhaps 
only to the trained eye, that Mr. 
Dixon has never been to the Middle 
East nor does he have the dimmest 
idea as to the nature of the U.S./ 
Israel relationship, or the Arab/ls-
raeli conflict. 

According to Mr. Dixon, "TIle 
U.S. supports [Israel] with the latest 
weaponry and technology to tum on 
her neighbors and Israel gives 
nothing in return." Obviously Mr. 
Dixon failed to research the latter 

SECURITY 
Continued from page 4 
stand for long in the absence of 
outside support. In this, America 
faces its most pressing concem. 
America is losing its economic 
ability. 

While America still has the larg-
est economy in the world, our rela-
tive strength has been sliding where 
the rest of the world is concerned. 
Germany and Japan have both be-
come strong economic powers, and 
have in many ways su'1'3SSed the 
United States in terms of economic 
prowess. 

America must form an industrial 
policy. Notthemockery ofoneunder 
which we currently operate today, 
but a real policy which promotes 
growth and innovation. Industries, 
such as steel, which have been 
around for many years are protected, 
despite lack of adaptability. 
American steel companies have lost 
their abi lity to compete, yet they are 
propped up by government protec-
tion. This is the wrong policy at the 
wrong time. 

America must look to the hori-
zon. Government must support 
leading-edge innovation. While 
America still innovates in the labo-
ratory, it is the Japanese and the 
Germans which bring technology to 

subject before writing his anicle (and 
I use the term loosely). 

The United States has several 
military installations in Israel. 10-
stallations that, in the event of a war 
with Iraq, will provide essential 
medical and military support for U.S. 
troops. These installations arejoimly 
staffed and maintained by Israel and 
the U.S. Israel has long been the 
main source for U.S. intelligence in 
the region, as well as a major partner 
in combating terrorism. 

Israel also collaborates with the 
U.S. in medical research, air tech-
nology, and has developed irriga-
tion systems which save the U.S. 
billions of gallons (not to mention 

the market. This is not a result of 
unfair trading practice, or favorable 
economic circumstances. It is the 
result of a savvy to compete. A 
savvy encouraged by the govern-
ments in the respective nations. 

America must change its indus-
trial orientation to the horizon of 
technology. We must support the 
future, not the past. This is in the 
interest of America's long term se-
curity and prosperity. Around 1900, 
America guarded its stock of guano 
deposits because they were an im-
portant strategic resource. As soon 
as technology rendered these de-
posits unnecessary , they were 
worthless. 

Foremost among the problems 
of American security is our deficit. 
At one time, we were a lender na-
tion. Others looked to America as 
an example of prosperity and fiscal 
responsibility. Now we are the 
world's greatest debtor nation. We 
owe a tremendous amount. This 
amount must be lowered. Without 
an elimination of America's budget 
deficit, there is no hope for the long-
term improvement of this country 's 
current economic woes. 

America must take a new look at 
its policies at home and abroad and 
define for itself a new role in global 
politics. American interests are no 
longer being served by being the 

PRE·MED? 

The UCSD Guardian 

dollars) of water every year. In fact, 
the current drought would have been 
tripled in its intensity had it not been 
for these agricultural developments. 
These are only a handful of the 
benefits the U.S. enjoys from its 
alliance with Is .... dCl. But Mr. Dixon 
unfortunately dido ' t bother to check. 
He simply jumped on a bandwagon 
and proceeded tomakeclaims which 
I dare him to back up with/acts. 

Another (of the many) fallacies 
in his piece was the ridiculous -
and completely unfounded - com-
parison between Israel and South 
Africa. He - like the media -
condemns and froths against the so-
called Temple Mount kiUings. But 
he, like most of the media, fails to 
mention the cause for the violence. 
He also forgets to mention the three 
Jews stabbed to death earlier this 
week by yes an "innocent Palestin-
ian." Or the daily bomb threats in 
Israel, or the 45 people that have 
been murdered by "innocent Pales-

world's leader in all areas. We must 
now pursue acollectiveapproach to 
world issues. No 10ngercanAmerica 
go it alone. We lack the resources 
and the will to do so. 

America's national interest is 
best served by sharing power in a 
multi-polar system, rather than 
fOOlishly trying to hold on to the 
vestiges of a dying hegemonic sys-
tem. 

American concepts and policies 
of national security have been nur-
tured in the era of the Cold War, 
with an immensely powerful enemy. 
New times call for new concepts. 
The new enemies are oot Soviet 
tanks in Eastern Europe, but are just 
as dangerous. 

Our new enemies are industrial 
complacency, and the decline of 
competitiveness. These join forces 
with distant military threats to a 
wide range of global interests. To 
meet this challenge, we must en-
deavor to work as hard as we did to 
counter communism for the last 
forty years. 

New challenges bring new 
means of meeting them. America 
must adapt to succeed. 

Apathy brings survival, but at 
the cost of our position in the world 
community. America must act to 
survive as a member of the leading 
world powers. 

CHOOSING THE "RIGHT" MEDICAL SCHOOL? 
Prepare to become an osteopathic physician as a family 

practitioner, pediatrician, obstetrician, surgeon, internist, 
or any of the medical specialists at the 

College of Osteopathic Medicine of the Pacific 
LEARN ABOUT OUR MEDICAL PROGRAM AT AN 

OSTEOPATmc MEDICINE AWARENESS 
CONFERENCE 

Saturday, October 27,1990 
8:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m. 

San Diego State University 

For registration forms or information contact, on your 
campus, Dr. Dee Puntenney at 111-2349, or Teri Lopez 
at the College of Osteopathic Medicine of the Pacific, 
1-800-447-1667, ext. 106, no later than Oct. 26, 1990. 

tinians" in the past year. 
The most blatant of his ridicu-

lously weak analogies is that of 
Vietnam and Afghanistan to the 
West Bank. The West Bank was 
pan of Jordan until it lost it in the 
1967 war which it waged on Israel. 
Perhaps a more suitable analogy 
would be that of California to the 
West Bank. Would you agree with 
giving California back to Mexico? I 
didn't think so. But then again, I 
doubt Mr. Dixon even bothered to 
look at why Israel holds on the the 
said territories. 

Seventy-five percent of Jordan 
is Palestinian, so why don't these 
"abused" Palestinians move there? 

OPINION 5 

Well, the answer is quite simple. 
The big problem for the Palestinian 
people - and the Arab world for 
that matter - is not the absence of 
a Palestinian state, but the existence 
of a Jewish one. That is the root of 
the problem. Everything else is 
commentary. And unfortunately in 
this case, it is weak, unfounded 
commentary. 

I do not resent the article because 
it is anti-Semitic or anti-Israel. I 
resent it because it is unfounded and 
fallacious. If a journalist is going to 
make a statement, he must be able to 
back it up with facts. Not metoric. 

It's that simple. 
Jorge Rosental 

YOUR~SPEClALlsr, 
ALSO SERVING YOOR PC NEEDS. 

WINDOWS ? • 
Big deal. 
~is the only true multitaskin& personal 

computer at an affordable price- .. .and it 
has always had windows 

See an~l~at 
The UveIy ec.pder 471 Broadway B Cajon 

(619) ~ - 0902 
Open Monday Thru Fmay Ie - 8, Salurday 10 - 6. And Sunday I - 5 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dennatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation. 
Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation_ 
If interested, call 534-4955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534-6847. 

CommelJlorating years of 

THt: BATPIAN .• 
IMman and Or.tec:t .... comICS ~ ..... at.; 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 Balboa Ave. 

Son Diego. CA 92117 
cOIner 01 801000 " CiOoemont 01 

- Ne)(t to Food Basket -
(619) 4&3-.853 

67~B N. Btooctwoy 
Escondido. CA 92025 

Country Comer SI"lopping Center 
at Btoodwoy 8< Washington 

(619) 7.s.5660 



6 NEWS 

BURNS 
ContInued from pege 1 
the pm, .. Bums said. 

He added that it was Barnes who 
first &'lbd him to be on !he panel. 

Bums said he believes that !he 
decision was made due to pmistent 
lobbying by !he tobacco industry and 
pressure from Virginia O>ngressman 
Thomas Bliley. 

Aooording to Bliley's press secre-
tary, Elizabeth Frazee, the congress-
man is the ranking republican on the 
House Subcommittee on Oversight 
and Investigation. the investigatory 
wing of the Energy and Coounerce 
Coouninee that has jurisdiction over 
theFPA 

"[Bliley] has an interest in ensur-
ing that all EPA documents are fair, 
objective, and accurate," Frazee said. 

Frazee said that Bliley had received 
complaints from his constituency, 
which includes Philip Monis, a large 
tobacco COOlpany on the panel, that 
the panel was going to be biased. 

She added that in respon<>e to the 
complaints, the congressman sent a 
letter to the head of the EPA, urging 
him to make sure that the panel of 
scientists chosen to review the reports 
would be free of any preconceived 
bias. 

"He did not mention any scientist 
by name," Frazee said 

Sheaddedthal to her knowledge, it 
was the tobacco industry that actually 
named Bumsastheperson !hey feared 
being on the panel. 

Frazee, who said that most scien-
tists do have a bias against tobacco 
smoking, said that Bums' efforts 
throughout his career to oppose the 
tobacco industry differfrom the WOlK 
activities of typical scientists in this 
area of research. 

"There's a difference between 
having a scientific bias and a ven-
dena," Frazee stated. 

Burns said he was distwbed by 
comments implying that his conclu-
ions, based on research, would affect 

his scientific objecti vity while review-
ingthe methodology of the reports and 
making recommendations to the EP A. 

Burns attributed the final decision 
to appoint him to pressure generated 
by public and media concern that the 
tobacco industry could have such in-
fluence overa goverrunent regulatory 
agency. 

"I'm ... pleasedthatwhatlthought 
[was] a poor public policy decision 
has been reversed," Bums said 

EPA spokesman Dave Ryan said 
that Bums had always been under 
consideration for the appointment. 

MeAT 
The new MCATis coming this April. What's Your Plan? 

s.. .... 1- Wool Saturlby 
I Aa,rndil IA,r;rnd .. Aa.rndil Alcndl 

o.a._ JO. j .... My 5 OlRiSTMAS BREAK (/'RESTUDY TIME) Biolo"" I 
...... "'6-12 Chnn/O-Chem 1 V.rl>aIlWrilltl. Pra<tlcuml Physics I BlololtY 2 
... uory 13-19 ChemlO-Chem 2 V.rl>al/Writina Proctlcum 2 Physics 2 BloioltY 3 
.nuat)' 2(). 26 Chom/OO.m3 V.rl>al/Writina Pnctlcum 3 Physics 3 Biology 4 
... umv '0 - Febru .. y 2 Chom/OOom4 V.rl>al/Writina Pncticum 4 Ph~ics4 81010.,. 5 

Fobru&rv 3-9 Chf'rn/().ChemS V.rl>al/Writil\l. Pncticum5 PhvslcsS Blo 
""" 6 

Fobruarv 1().16 Chrm/O .. Ou~_m6 Verb&I/Writil\j\ Pncticum 6 PhYSics 6 Bio on 7 
Febnu", 17·23 Chom/OOom7 V.rl>al/Wrillnt: Pncticum 7 PlIysIcs 7 810 Ion 8 
Febnull' 24 - Mord\ 2 CMm/oo.em8 Verbal/Writing PrKUcum 8 Physics 8 Bio Ioj[y 9 
M.ord\ 3-9 Chom/OOom9 V.rl>al/Writlna Pncticum 9 Physics 9 8iolotn' 10 
IhlCll 1().16 Chom/OO .... IO V.rl>al/Writil\j\ Pncticum 10 Physics 10 FINALS 
M • .m 11·23 FINALS BREAK FINALS BREAK FINALS Biolo"" 11 
M.olCll 24.,3() CMm II" 12 Vorl>al/Writil\j\ PnctKUm II PhYSics 11 Blolo"" 12 
M.o.m 31 • April 6 EAsn:R V.rbal/Wrttlna Pncticum 12 PhYSics 12 81010.,.13 
April 1-13 Chnn/OO.m \3 Vorl>al/Writlnt: Pncticum 13 Physics 13 BiolokY 14 
April 14-20 Chom/OO.mI4 V.rl>al/Writina Pn<ticum 14 Physics 14 81010«)' 15 
ADril21·21 CIIom/OOom IS Vorl>al/WrttI .. Pncticum IS Physics 15 TlwMCATn 

_I 9-12:30 pm 3· 6:00 pm 3·5:30"", 9 · 1I:3(hm _0 
1·4:30pm 6:30 • 9:30 pm 6· 8:30 "'" 12· 2:30pm (Pick_...,nl 

EACh_.·sHlo 35 3 2.5 2.5 
Subjod Ha.I .. 52.5 45 37.5 37.5 
ill _ .. _ 15 _ . 1725 TNJ 110 ..... N .......... ,,- 24 IN u.. ''-. 
Pr"....., _""tars. '*-hI 1.000 ,.. ... of fotWMJ "._-.." .... ~ ........ .., .......w.. 

Our classes start January 5th. 
For additional infonnation: (619) 455-1000 AU •• ___ I ____ ~ __ 
/711 ,JI-'~I ·/~t::Il ., III '!:/ 

", __ AUTOPORT MAll MIRAMAR __ • 

I 
I 
I 
I 

i 

7()A(~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \/VII and AUDI 

Service 8c Repa i r 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-------------------------

If You Have Friends with VW's. Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

I 

The UCSD Guardian 

"He was never lcicked off. There 
was no earlier decision. 1l!ere's been 
onedecisionin this whole process and 
that was announced [Wednesday]," 
Ryan said. 

RyandeclinedtoCOO1lllel1lonwhy 
Burns was told a decision had been 
made not to appoint him. 

Bumsexplainedthat theassembled 
panel will review studies on second-
hand smoke that have been included 
in a previouslydrafted riskassessment 
document that has al.ready been re-
leased to the public. 

According to Bums, the panel of 
scientists will review the accuracy of 
the studies, incorporate public com-
ments and concems, and make rec-
ommendations to the EPA based on 
its conclusions. 

The studies being reviewed \abel 
the presenceofsecond-handsmokein 
the environment as a ''CIass A" health 
risk, which categorizes il as a proven 
human carcinogen, said Bums. The 
reports also estimate that passive 
smoke inhalabon is responsible for 
approximately 3,800 lung cancer 
deaths each year. 

Bums speculated that this may 
eventually lead to the end of smoking 
in the workplace. 

"[That possibility] is really what 
the tobacco industry is afraid of," he 

1 
• 

UCSO ResearcherOavid Burns 
said. 

Bums defended his anti-smoking 
activism and denied that it makes him 
a less objective scientist. 

"As a physician, I'm trained to 
assemble infonnationandtoact on it," 
Bums said. "I have spent a greatnum-
ber of years accumulating informa-
tion and knowledge on the come-
quence5 oftobecco use. To not speak 
on those issues ... would be a failure 
of my responsibility as a physician to 
use theinfonnation I have to make the 
world a better place. 

"If that is a vendetta, then I guess I 
do have a vendetta," he said 

GREAT OPPORTUNITY 
GREAT EXPERIENCE 
GREAT BRITAIN 

& IRELAND 
ACADEMIC YEAR ABROAD THROUGH 

THE u.c. EDUCATION ABROAD PROGRAM 
(EAP) 

'I , • ~ r, 

~ 'Earn 1.1.e. Cretat 

~ 1itlG/tcw{Ylia Jtvai{a6{e 

hurry! 
APPLICATION DEADLINE 

FRIDAY 
NOVEMBER 9, 1990 

. For more information call 534-1123 
or visil ~ -the Opportunities Abroad office (EAP/OAP) 

Friday, October 26, 1990 

BETA 
Continued from pege 1 
and interview students to become 
founding fathers for a new chapter, 
then the IFC would consider amul-
ling Beta Theta Pi ('Betas"). 

"If [the Beta national fraternity 
says] those are the guys, they will 
never be a part ofIFC and never have 
a chance to come onto this campus as 
part of our IFC," said IFC president 
Peters. "If [the national fraternity 
wants] to work with us, then we're 
certainly going to reciprocate, [if 
they're] willingto let theBeta issuedie 
here." 

Although Peters refrained from 
discussing particular comments that 
wereraisedregardingBetaldnittaoc.e, 
he did say that basically they were not 
admitted because of the process by 
which !hey were fonned. 

Tuesday night's meeting saw the 
official adoption of a new expansion 
policy, the terms of which exclude the 
current chapter of Beta Theta Pi. Fra-
ternities must be brought onto a cam-
pus by their national chapter. 

The Betas originated in reverse 
order, becaning a student organiza-
tion and affiliating with a national 
chapterandthenanemptingtobring it 
ontocampusinsteadofbeingrecruited 
through the collaborated efforts of the 
national chapter and the IFC. Peters 
explained that this new policy is '1ust 
a better way to do it-you get a1arger 
number and a more Wlitcd body." 

Peters said that the IFC' s refusal to 
allow the Betas membership was not 
a personal vengem:e against the spe-
cific people involved 

'"The IFC certainly didn't make 
their decision out of malice," he said, 
adding that he pmonally had been 
"trying to think of ways to minimize 
damage" to both parties involved. 

"It's just the timing... and 
procedurally, how do we want todo it 
We don'l want to bring on any frater-
nitythat wouJdfaiJ ... Ithinktheseguys 
are a stable group ... but I think the Beta 
nationals can do a better job," Peters 
added. 

According to Peters, the president 
of the national Betas failed to produce 
copies of their national policies and 
other documents to the IFC upon re-
quest He added that this would seem 
to show a lack of enthusiasm on the 
part of the national sponsor. 

Anthony Davi, president of the 
UCSD chapter of Beta Theta Pi, said, 
"Our national fraternity was backing 
us completely. They wouldn'l do 
things differently." 

No representatives from the fra-
ternity were permined to attend 
Thesday's meeting, although Peters 
claimed, '"There were people there 
that were arguing the Betas' side." 

He said that the idea that the Betas 
would be denied admission into the 
IFC because some IFC members fell 
tI1reatent'd by them was ludicrous. 

"No fraternity in their right mind 
should feel threatened ... A new fra-
temity brings new people into the 
system ... We feellike we're drawing 
okay numbers. We're booming right 
now, and we'll continue to," Peters 
said. 

He attributed the fact that the IFC 
has notconcentratedon increasing the 
number of fraternities to the need to 
establish a fmn ground first before it 
takes on other groups. 

"We've been oriented in a 101 of 
other directions simply because the 
\FC needed to solidify itself and deter-
·mine which way it wanred to see the 
greek system go," he said 

In the twelve days that passed be-
tween the Betas ' appea\ to the IFC 
committee and the fmal vote on Tues-
day, Davi contacted all the fraternity 
presidents,eitherbyteIephoneormail. 

"Most of them told me they were 
.. _________________ ~---. voting for us," he said. 

FEATURES 
Friday, October 26, 1990 The: UCSD Guardian 

Kety Roe/Guardian 

FEATURES 7 

TTTTTT ........ 

Cutting 
Financial 
Corners 
• The key to 
reducing costs is 
looking for bargains 
By Jenny Ko 
Guardian Reporter 

What's the one thing that everyone 
wants and no one ever has enough of? 
lbough some romantics may tend to 
respond differently, the answer, most 
people say, is money. Dough, dollars, 
dinero, whatever it's called, people 
desire more of it 

After maxing-out parents for all the 
money they'll supply, students are 
beginning to realize that they must 
incorporate some money-saving ideas 
into their plans. What are some tips 
that everybody can follow to stay out 
of the red? 

David Ma, sophomore and 
economics major at Warren College 
gives this practical advice: "Shop at 
the Price Oub and clip coupons. With 
double your money back at Ralphs, the 
savings can amoWlt to a lot. It allows 
you to afford something a little extra at 
the end of the month." 

PENNY PINCHING 
Indeed, clipping coupons, whether 

for food or any other needs, is a major 
theme among many students. Buying 
generic brands is another popular idea. 
For the environmentally conscious, 
things like reusing grocery bags and 
buying the Precycle Mug (refills can 
be obtained with the mug at many 
Price Center food places for a 
discounted price) can safeguard 
financial and environmental conoems 
simultaneously. 

c 
z 
c:( 

I • Credit cards 
I provide purchasing 
power without money 
By Andrew Gayton 
Staff Writer 

The credit card. For many students it's a symbol of 
achievement, a reward for a successful passage into adult-
hood. It encapsules a seemingly unlimited spending power. 

BUI those linle 2 l!8-inch by 3 3/8-inch rectangles of 
plastic can be easily misused and may be a source of 
additional problems because, for most students, the day 
where Mom and Dad picked up the tab are gone. 

Choosing a credit card can be a harrowing experience, 
considering that a V:lSt array of options are available, all 
claiming to be giving the best deal for those applying for first-
time credit. 

The often-seen "Visa/Mastercard accepted here" tends to 
be confusing in and of itself. Visa and Mastercard aren't the 
mystical gods of consumers, but simply names of separate 
international companies that provide a service - credit. 

These companies charge individual merchants for the use 
of their line of credit, M) that individual customers can have 
more purcha...ing power virtually anywhere in the United 

tates. ac ording to Adam Remis, a UCSD Credit Union 
loan p~essor. 

Most major banks offer several different cards, and 
sometimes a card that is designed specifi ally for the full-time 

A good share of every budget is 
donated to entertaimTlcnl. Instead of 
cutting back altogether, Muir sopho-
more Robyn Inaba suggests creative 

student. Banks provide the cards, and use their money :IS entertaining. She said. "In tead of 
collateral to the Visa/Mastercru-d companies. said Remis. dining out. make dinner at home [for 
Banks, in tum, offer a range of credit options to con~umers, your date). Instead of going out. rent a 
depending on the consumer's financial Status. But this comes movie." In addJtion to saving money, 
with a price ca1J.ed interest rates. the idea can also become extremely 

Different banks have varying intere t rates. Basically, these romantic. 
rates are set by inflation and the market, but they will also be On campus, the Price Center Box 
competitive as to grab the consumer's eye. Office offers movie discount cards and 

UCSD's Student Credit Union has a program specifically an Entertainment '91 book. The book 
geared toward the student. This service offers a Visa card with offers discounts to dinners, movies, 
a $15 annual fee, a low fee compared to other banks that travel, and more. MOM (Middle of 
charge as much as $55 a year jusr to use their card. Muir) sells discoWlt tickets to special 

Because the Credit Union is a non-profit organization. its group events. Tickets for nips to Sea 
interest rates are at 15.9 percent. Availability and qualifica- World. the San Diego Zoo. major 
tions, however, are somewhat more lirnited. Only tudenlS, sporting events. and whale-watching 
alumni, or relatives of the two are eligible to use the Student are available on a regular basis. And if 
Credit Union. Moreover, the Credit Union requires either a you're strapped for money altogether. 
parent or other relative to guarantee payment on the credit an excursion to the nearby beach can 
card The maximum charge limit on the card is $5000, but is be fun, exciting, romantic. exhilarJt-
usually set lower, depending on the kind of financial backing. ing, and (best of all) free! 

Off-campus banks offer the student a wider set of options Not many people today can afford 
on a credit card that will grow as the student gains more the costs of driving. The great increase 
ftnancial responsibility. of gasoline prices at the pump. inflated 

Bank of America offers two different types of credit cams: insurance rares. and the hassles of 
:. regular credit card and a special Gold Card. The Gold Card is parlting rue only a few of the price~ 
reserved for those who make over $35.000 annually, which people pay to drive. [n addition to a 
rul out mo t tuclents. healthier environment, people can also 

The interest mte is currently at 19.8 percent and the annual benefit monetarily by ~ing alternate 
fee i $ 18. Qualificati ns rue much less dependent on parents. forms of trallSponation. 

student needs a teady income of $2 a month. mu t be I The Transportation Alternatives Of-
See PLASTIC, Page 8 I See BARGAIN, Page 8 

................ TT .... T.TT .. T ... T .......... TT ... T .... T .... T .......... . 
I J. d' 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Friday, October 26, 1990 

The RiSe of Skiing Enjoyed by Club's 450 Members 
By Robin Maclean 
Senior Staff Writer 

activities. " lost last year after an eight-year reign. 

Have you ever been on a 22-hour bus ride? Gone on a car 
rally? Entered a dance contest? Played broomball? If you 
an we red (or 

The ability to ski, however, i not a requirement to join the 
club. Approximately 40 percent of the members are non- kiers 
to low imem1ediates, 40 percent intennediates, and 20 percent 
advanced or expert skiers, Fleming said. " It 's a great place to 
leam - others are ju t like yourself and you can find at least 10 
peoplc in the same phase [of skiing)," he said. 

"Jt 's pride," Fleming said. "We lost it and we need 10 gel it 
b'lCk.'· 

The five officers and seven taff members of RISC are 
trying to gear lip the club for the AlI-Ca\. Staff member Kristin 
Trace commented about the nip, saying, "]t's cheap and a lot 
offlln. It 's a great opport unity to leanHoski. A lot of people go 
on the All-Cal and don't ski." :;~~t~:Z TrecLUBSCENE RISC sponsors many events throughout the year including 

the Car Rally/Kamikaze party, broom ball , a Thanksgiving ski 
trip, the Attitude Adjusunent parties held in the old pub,as well 
ashavingbi-monthlymeeting . Pemaps the biggest draw tothe 
club, however, is the All-Cal winter ski nip. 

tions, you are a 
potential member of the Radically lrx:linedSki Oub (RISC) at 
UCSD. 

Pre-AJI-Cal festivities include the M Party at the old pub. 
Fleming laughed when clarifying that the tenn "AA" is an 
acronym for Attitude Adju unent, exactly what the party nies 
to do during late midtenns. ft does not take extraordinary skiing talent forone to have fun 

inRlSC.ln tead, the club focus on having a good time, meeting 
new people, and promoting skiing on a social rather than 
competitive level. Pan of the club's success is due to great 
diversity among its members, according toruSCPresidentJohn 
Fleming. 

TIlis year RISC will travel to On the ·evening of the last day of 

" Ifs cheap and a lot of fun_ It's 
a great opportunity to learn to 

finals, when the buses are ready to go, 
"All hell breaks loose when the lights 
go out and the bus pulls out. Sleep 
becomes secondary," Fleming said. 

"We don't care who you are," Fleming said. "We aren't 
Greek, we aren't llOn-Greek. We aren't religious or non-
religious. We'rejust adiversegroupofpeoplewho want 10 have 

Steamboat, Colorado along with 
ski clubs from UC Irvine, UC 
Riverside, and UC SantaBarbara 
for a week-long ski adventure 
and party, Fleming described the 
All-Cal as "a week of skiing, 
socializing, partying, and com-

ki " s . 
- Kristin Trace, RISC staff member 

RISCprovidesski opportunities for 
its members from fall to spring break 
with the Thanksgiving trip (to Utah), 

theAll-Cal,andtheSpringnip. A trip for President's Weekend 
is also being planned. Once the skiing is over, the pace of the 
club slows down, but "once the snow has melted the club will 
submit to beach activities," Fleming said. 

fun." petition between the UC schools." 
After a 22-hour bus ride with stops in Barstow. Las Vegas, 

and Grand Junction, RISC members will join over 400 other 
students for a week on the slopes. 

FunisareputationthatRiSChascaniedsincetheclubbegan 
when UCSDopened. It is the social aspeclOfthe club that draws 
many people to it, making it the bigge t club on campus with 
approximately 450 members, according to Fleming. Many 
people join simply because of the reputation of the club while 
others participate after seeing booIhs and flyers. 

Although the week is primarily for relaxing after a week of 
finals, it is also a week filled with intense competition between 
the schools. 

In the spring, RISC continues its bi-monthly meetings, 
sponsors a houseboat trip and tean1S up with the Waterski club 
for the sponsorship of other events. 

Long-time skier Susan Masseling, a Muir sophomore, had 
always wanted to goon a RISC trip. "I saw flyers and banners 
for the first meeting so 1 went. People were really friendly and 
fun. So many people showed up, and there were so many 

TheAll-Ca1 Cup is presented tothehighest overall perfOm1Crs 
in a variety of activities, ranging from a slalom race, snow 
sculpture, and Thumper tournament to a dance contest and 
broomball. rusc will be trying to reclaim the Cup, which they 

The most unique featureofRISC, according to Fleming, is 
its size. Comparing it to a business he said, " It's a club out of 
hanc!. It's amass of people we tty and control and it only makes 
us more diverse." 

BARGAIN 
Continued from page 7 
fice located at 406 MAAC can pro-
vide assistance to students and staff. 

Theofficeorganizesacarpool pro-
gram for any commuters. Carpool 
members can share the price of a 
permit and gain such privileges as 
counesy parking. 

A free bus pass, good within cer-
tain boundaries, is available at the 
office with a picture I.D. 

A free airpon shunle is operated 
during the Thanksgiving and Christ-
mas holidays, as well as spring and 
winter breaks for students traveling 
hon1e. 

More infom13tion about any of the 
services. brochures, and bus sched-

' ,'1,'01 UJ exceed S , IiO 
all adventure i1i cards & gt.f1S 

7770 Regent> Rd. 
La Jolla Colony P137.J next 10 Vons 

450-0709 

FAIRMAIR'S 

Us~D 501 /5 
COsTUM~s 
FUN, FUNKY 
FUNTIONAL 
RESALECLOTHES 

4879 NEWPORT AVE. OCEAN BEACH 
M-SAT. 11 10 6::.1 

222-0220 

ules can all be obtained at the office or 
by calling 534-RIDE. 

Bills can amount to a major anxi-
ety eve/)' month. 

To alleviate them, Heather 
Slaughter, a Warren College senior, 
said: "Don't charge. Don't get credit 
cards because in the end all the bills 
pile up." 

Other common sense advice to 
save on utilities include shutting off 
appliances whenever they are not in 
use. 

To avoid running upa huge phone 
bill, calling during the discount hours 
is always a good idea . 

Forsavings on water bills, Warren 
senior Rodney Dayson has a creative 
suggestion. Herecommends, "Shower 
with a friend." 

Many money-saving tips are just 
common sense. The best idea is sm-
ply to keep aware of the many surpris-
ing bargains out there. 

However, the most frequently 
given response and seemly the big-
gest money-saving advice is, "Don't 
spend any money." 

PLASTIC 
Continued from page 7 
years of age, be going to a four-year 
university as a full-time student, and 
have a savings account at least six 
months old. There is also a U.S. citi-
zenship requirement. 

Bank of America's charge limit 
starts at about $500, but this bankaJso 
has promising options for the future. 
Its Gold Cart has a $25,<XX> credit 
limit. 

Wells Fargo offers three cards. 
One is tailoredspeciflcalJ y forthe fulI-
time student Its interestrateandannual 
feemirrorBankofAmerica'salthough 
it offers a larger ini tial credi t limit at 
$700. 

The bank also offers to raise the 
limit to $1200 after one year of good 
standing. The qualifications require 
only a verifiable income of $200 a 
month. 

Citibank, the largest U.S. com-
mercial bank, according to the 1990 
World Alrnanac,offers aClassicCard 
withaspecialstudentaccountanached 

for those who qualify. This card has 
the typical current interest rate of 19.8 
percent, and a slightly higher annual 
fee of $20. The charge limit starts at 
$300. 

American Express is achargecard 
company in itself, and is not affiliated 
with either Visa or Mastercard. 
American Express has oointerestrate. 

However, it does charge a $55 
annualrate,andanythingchargedmust 
be paid off at the end of the month. 

Oedit limits are derermined indi-
viduallydependinguponacustomer's 
assets, whether it be income, savings, 
or other investments. 

Qualifications include at least full-
time student status and an income 
exceeding $ 15,CXX>. 

Although they offer 00 special 
student plan, they offer several b0-
nuses. The Purchase Protecti.on Plan 
comes with thecanl.andinsw-esgoods 
bought with A1nericanExpress for90 
days. 

American Express lacks the 
widespread popularityofthe Visa and 
Mastercard supported credit cards. In 

Are you ready for some fun? Sure you are! 
Here is your chance. 

The University Bookstore is sponsoring a 

October 31 at 12:30 
in front of the store on the first floor. 

Prizes will be awarded for 
The Funniest 
The Scariest 

The Most Original 

other words, some merchants do not 
accept American Express. 

Most banks target college students 
with a barrage of mail concerning 
their credit cards, sometimes offering 
plane tickets or radios as incentives. 

But when students finally pick a 
bank from which they wish to apply 
for a credit card, they can call a toU-
free infonnation nun1ber under the 
name of any bank in the White Pages. 
By calling directly, an application will 
be sent through the mail. It takes from 
five to seven days for the application 
to anive, and at least another 30 days 
for the banktoeitheracceplorreject it. 

The hazards of owning a credit 
card are obvious. The temptation to 
spend, a bad credit rating because of 
late payments, and the possibility of 
the card being stolen are only a few. 

But benefits are hefty, too. They 
include purchasing power, andestab-
lishing a credit rating. Also, once a 
credit card has been established at a 
bank., othercredit cardscan be applied 
foratotherspecialtyshopsanddepart-
ment stores. 

0, ab your favorite set of bat wings and fly down for a chance to 
win a mountain bike, a 13 inch color television, or a clock radio. 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 

FRIDAY 

Jellyfish to 
splatter TG 
Ia2 They look like they've 

~ just walked out of the 
Mad Hatter's Tea Party, and 
claim they were exiled to the 
planet Lidsville along with 
Henry Mancini, Willy Won.k:a, 
and the entire origina1 cast of 
Hollywood Squares, They are 
JeUyfish and they will be 
floating their way onto the 
Gym Steps today at 4:30 for 
this week's TG, 

Russian Rock 
~ Mikhail Gorbachev, 
~ move over. Vladimir 
Kuzmin and Dinamik, who've 
sold over 10 million albums in 
Russia, wiU be perfonning their 
own versions of glasnost at the 
Triton Pub tonight with local 
artists Helicopter at 9:00 
p,m,Admission Free. 

SATURDAY 
Scatterbrain 
Ia2 Lead singer Tommy 

~ Christ of Scatterbrain 
has survived a jump off a 
bridge. Drummer "Mike-o 
Psycho" was almost crippled 
by a female mud wrestler. You 
can only agree with their 
album: Here Comes Trouble! 
They'll be bringing their antics 
with Sub Society and Blind 
Justice to the Triton Pub on 
Sat. night. 

FAITH No MORE 
Reaching Epic Proportions 
• They're not alternative. They're not 
mainstream. So what are they? 
By Tony Lo, Staff Writer 

They stomp fish on MTV. Often, In every video. But that's not where their true 
appeal lies, Their real gift is their ability to utilize every marketing ploy that bands 
require in the '90s. 

Their image: dreadlocks, high-tops, novelty costuming, and just a touch of blood 
and gore (i.e. the fish) . Their music: the essential George Clinton funky bass, the 
Metallica-esque guitar riffs, the Red Hots sing/rap vocals, and the alternative-turned-
mainstream mystique of Jane's Addiction, 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 

Lead singer Mike PaNon: suffering from an identity crisis. 

"From Out of No-
where," the first track on 
Faith No More's album 
The R eal Thing, describes 
the band perfectly. Faith 
No More has virtually 
come from out of nowhere 
to the top of the charts. 
Their biggest hit, "Epic," 
is played constantly on 
both radio, and MTV. 
Their follow-up single 
"Falling to Pieces" is also 
doing quite well, 

Faith No More can be 
described as a convergence 
of several different musi-
cal influences and styles. 

Key boardist Roddy 
Bottum is classically 
trained; bassist Billy Gould 
is a punk veteran; guitarist 
Jim Martin is a die-hard 
Black Sabbath fan; and 
drummer Mike Bordin is 
into African rhythms . 
Singer Mike Patton is kind 
of a conglomeration of 
different types of music, 
ranging from funk to 
thrash and even some jazz 
and soul . 

"Musically we get along 
really well - personally 
we get along okay," said 
Bottum when asked about 
the band's working rela-
tionship in a recent tele-
phone interview. He 
added that Pa e H 4 

Friday, October 26. 1990 Hl 



2 HIATUS 

Qu~ley Down Under Avalon 
White Palace Fantasia 
Memphis Belle Marked For Death 

Sibling Rivalry 

University Town Center 452·7766 

Avalon Henry & June 
Memphis Belle Sibling Rivalry 

Marked For Death 
Graveyard Shift 

453-7831 
Fantasia 

Mr. Destiny 
The Hot Spot 

Ghost 

Ken Cinema 283-5909 
Oct. 21 -Nov. 3: 

Metropolitan 
~v"'~rv Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

Horror Picture Show 

••••••••••••••••••••• 

: Here Comes Scatterbrain... : 
• Touting the release of their latest album, Here Comes Trouble, • 
• Scatterbrain will be performing Saturday at the Triton Pub, along • 
• with local bands Sub Society and Blindlustice. Tickets are $7.00 • 
• with a student I.D., and the show starts at 8 p.m. • 

• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• The members of Scatterbrain arrive in San Diego. • 

: IF YOU WANT TO WIN AN AUTOGRAPHED CD FROM : 
• THE BA D, ENTER BELOW. FILL OUT THE I FO. AND • 
• DROP IT OFr AT THE GUARDIAN OFFICES, 2ND FLOOR • 
• OF THE STUDENT CENTER. • 

• NAME: I 
: PHONE NUMBER: : 

••••••••••••••••••••• 

2 TANS $1 
One for You , One for a Friend 

I 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 
Call for details' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap - Only $48 

Not a temporary water foss • Reduce cellutite and stretch marl<.s 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
_~ ............ 455-0909 Expires'llJ<WO 

The UCSD Guardian Friday, October 26, 1990 

LOCAL SCENE 
By Dave Lott 
Guardian Reporter 

While waiting to interview the local band 
Doppelganger.l walked around the band's hou e 
and urveyed the place. In the kitchen/practice 
room, with it uneven floor- boards and egg crate-
clad walls, were full-size po ters of Elvis and the 
Doors as well as curious art objects: a lamp with 
a broken egg where the bu Ib 

cal wanderings that are ultimate ly restored to finite 
realism. 

"We're in a limbo-land between a mixture of 
fringes and pop. [The music i 1 weird enough that 
most everybody might think it' too trange, but 
accessible enough so that hard-core undergrounder 
might think it's too commercial," Dave explained. 
" We're still exploring all kinds of ideas. We ' ll just 

should've been and a re- rl--=D=-------=l=---------,I 
constructed reptile skeleton oppe ganger 
with a human skull. . . 

keep doing that. Basically, 
we're all visionaries and po-
e ts." Laughingly, he con-
cluded, "I think we ' ll eventu-

Twenty minutes later, I 
met Dave Tully and front-man Donny Marries. 
After orne bri k conver ation. the band set up the 
equipment to rehearse. With John Darwell on 
bas, and Donny Sitting on achair, with hi guitar 
in his lap facing Dave's drumset, Doppelganger 
began. The first tune, "Breathing Underwater," 
combined intricate bass pluckings with solid gui-
tar rhythms and explosive drull1 patternings. 
During the set, Doppelganger played songs from 
their self-produced tape entitled "Make Believe" 
. The more experimental, improvi ed songs in-
cluded the di lUrbingly soothing, "Tribe" and 
"Hot Potato. "The mistakes and technical glitches 
of the rehearsal were taken with ease and without 
pretension. "Remember," John told me, "you're 
witnes ing the creative process." 

Doppelganger's sound is complex, emotive 
and noticeably different. While the tape "Make 
Believe" is more acoustically-oriented and bass-
dominated, Doppelganger's live performance is 
much more driven and raw. Both the recorded 
versions and live performances use techniques 
ranging from mystic dreaminess of delayed gui-
tar, to moving base lines, and active drumming. 
Donny's vocals seem to be across between early 
Morissey and Jethro Tull mixed with Beatlesque 
falsetto and Soundgarden-type wailings. All of 
these are laid upon folk, jazz, tribal and alterna-
tive rock elements to create directionless, musi-

ally end up playing country-
western." 

What does the name "Doppelganger" really 
mean? Donny was fir t to respond. " I saw it on TV 
- it meant spiritual doubles. It ties in with ghost 
hocus-pocus." Dave added "It has a lot of mytho-
logical connotations among German people. Every 
person has a soul-mate." When asked about their 
influences, Dave ignored Donny 's request to not 
say anything and added, "We've been through the 
gamut of styles from Bob Dylan to Queen to punk." 

When describing their music, Dave explained, 
"A lot of it really isn't conscious. We never really 
sat down and said, 'well, I think we should write a 
ong that makes people feel this way.' It's not 

cognitive like that. We just take an idea and start 
exploring it, to see what we can come up with. 
Actually, our songs are usually based on my drum 
parts." 

Doppelganger has played gigs at a variety of San 
Diego venues such as the Bacchanal, the Spirit , and 
the Casbah. "We've played everywhere but a string 
of 7-lI's," Dave joked. "But, with our new tape 
coming out soon, we'd like to try and plan a tour 
somewhere: Arizona, California, or Oregon this 
spring." 

If you're curious about where you can hear 
Doppelganger for yourself, they will be playing at 
the Grove, Oct. 31, and will open for Caterwaul at 
Red Tape in December. 

Doppelganger members (from left to right): Donny Marries, Dave Tully, and 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

e Pregnancy Termination 
e General or Local Anesthesia 
e Low Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conception) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
e Student Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

r.r.r;t 
~uchoire 

... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

Friday, October 26, 1990 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 3 

A Richly Artistic Crossing 
By Karla D. Stange 
Guardian Reporter 

!fyou 're sick of the traditional Godfather-type 
gangster films , "Miller's Crossing" may be a 
pleasant surpri e. Writers Joel and Ethan Coen, 
whose previou works include the horrific "Blood 
Simple" and the manic "Raising Arizona". have 
created a realistic psychological portrait of gang-

ste~ politics in the late I 920s with this new film . 
The film docs not focus on financial scams and 

political puppeteering, although this provides the 
framework of the story. Instead, the plot centers on 
the intricate web of relationships within the gangs. 

It is the story of a friendship between Leo, the 
tough gang leader. and Tom, his right-hand man. 
When Tom falls in love with Vema, Leo's girl-
friend, the friendship is promptly severed. Tom 
joins forces with Caspar, Leo's foremost enemy 
and rival for political power. This results in a rich 
confusion of loyalty, love, and betrayal. 

Suspense and surprise are key elements in the 
film; elements that are sorely lacking in 
"Goodfellas", another gangs ter drama in theaters 
this month. There are several emotional, sit-on-
the-edge-of-your-seat scenes that are unpredict-
able, and this tension enhances the film consider-
ably. 

The real power of the film, however, lies in the 
characters, and in the actors who breathe life in to 
them. Their motivations are clear enough for an 
empathic response. but complex enough to be 
unpredictable. As Tom (Gabriel Byme) repeats in 
the movie: "Nobody knows anybody. Not that 
well." 

Tom is a man with the intelligence to reach the 
top of the power structure; yet something holds 
him back, and he remains an outsider. Byrne has 
a good sensitivity for details, like the slight Irish 
accent that thickens when he is drunk. 

The chemistty between Byrne and Marcia Gay 
Harden (Vema) is the main flaw of the film. Their 

love for each other is supposed to be strong enough to 
cause a war between the rival gangs, but it just isn ' t 
convincing. 

Perhaps the problem is with Harden. Vema is a 
tough, moody opponunist who' favorite saying is 
"Drop dead," and Harden does a fair job with thi 
attitude. However, when she is called upon to playa 
scene with Tom, as a tortured, vulnerable lover, her 
style is flat and colorless. 

Leo i portrayed with appropriate strength and 
confidence by Alben Finney. As his rival, Jon Polito 
is perfec t in the role of Caspar, a man who is altemately 
pathetic and crazy, and prone to red-faced temper 
tantrums . Polito provides a good contrast, physically 
and emotionally, to Finney's cool, collected Leo. [n 
one scene, Caspar has a violent nervous breakdown, 
and Polito plays this with chilling finesse. 

To the strong base of an interesting plot, believable 
characters. and quality acting, the Cocn brothers add 
beautiful cinematography. From the opening dream-
like sequence to the final scene, the film is a visual 
feast. Stylized framing and careful attention to colors 
and shadows mark the Coen's interest in the tech-
niques of film noir. 

There is a camera fetish with Tom's hat woven 
throughout the film, and it is oddly intriguing. Even 
the violence is artistic in this movie. The directors 
spare us from excessive blood and gore, and focus 
instead on the terror of the victim. The scene where 
Caspar goes mad is filmed in a confusing series of 
disjointed, oddly-angled shots: which create an inter-
esting visual impression of temporary insanity. 

Although the film is a historical portrait, it is not a 
relic to be admired and then forgotten. 

The balance of power, the influence of political 
relationships, and the temptations of sex and easy 
money, are themes that can easily be superimposed on 
our own time period. 

For those who are weary of pointless, plotless 
gangster films, "Miller's Crossing" will be a welcome 
relief . 

Various artists 
Soundtrack from "Pump Up 
the Volume" 
MeA Records 

Although the quality of this film 
may have been debatable, its 
soundtrack is unarguably one of 
this year's best compilations. 
Featuring songs from Concrete 
Blonde, Soundgarden, Ivan 
Neville, and Bad Brains, to name 
a few, the soundtrack is as diverse 
as it is solid. 

Ivan Neville's ballad "Why 
Can't I Fall In Love" and a slowed-
down version of the Pixies' "Wave 
of Mutilation" are the soundtrack's 
best slower songs. Bad Brains' 
(featuring Henry Rollins) "Kick 
Out the Jams" and Sonic Youth 's 
"Titanium Expose" work the other 
end of the musical spectrum with 
heavy-handed guitars and 
screeching vocals. 

The album 's only drawback 
may be its best featu re: it is so 
diverse that it's hard to listen to it 
in it's entirity and not change 
moodsabout 12times.Butifyou're 

in the mood for a clever sampling 
of some of the best bands around 
today, this one is well worth it. 

- Jennifer Yancey 

The Pogues 
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH 
Island Records 

There is a fear among folk-punk 
fans that The Pogues will fall into 
the U2 trap of comfort and solidity 
which has robbed U2, and many 
bands of the post-punk era, of their 
earl ier anger, and du lied their edge. 

The Pogues' latest offering (see 
if you can get this real complicated 
title the first time around) YEAH. 
YEAH , YEAH, YEAH, is ... well, 
uh ... short. Though only 13 minutes 
and 31 seconds long, all of it is 
pure Pogues. This means good 
push-you-till-you-drop danceable 
music. Not danceable as one might 
get from New Kids on the Block, 
but danceable in that it will get 
your body to push and grind on the 
dance floor or nearest table top, 
and if you are sk illed, it will force 
you to do a traditional Irish gig to 

See ALBUMS. Page H5 

NOW OPEN 

=--IDEO GALLERY 
'\OSTA VERDE CENTER 

• BIGGEST selection in the area 
• Plenty of FREE parking 

PRETTY WOMAN FOR SALE OR RENT! 

Bring This Ad to Rent One Movie 
and get a Second Rental FREE! 

Monday thru Thursday. Expires 11/ 9/ 90. 

8750 Genessee in the Costa Verde Center 
near the Soup Exchange. 450-1766 

Hours: Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-9 pm/ Fri.-Sat. 11 am-lO pm 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free COIlSIt/la/101I alld 11I1I1a/ (realmell/ 15 1I1I1l . 520 t 'a/lle. Fir.;,.,lm(' cliems ollly.)' 

Evebrows 
Upper up 
Chin 

Undetarms 

Breast 

Stomach 

Bikini Line 

Rogers 
Legs 
Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• Ameri an ~kJi';JI Association 
appro' ed lIlt:lhods for problem 
cases and ,;cnsitive skin 

• Medical Jnd cosmetic dectrolysi~ 
for men and women 

• Female statY. state lie. technician ' 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
La jolla VIUnge ProfessiOlUlI Center BeiJllld ElepbulIl Bar 
8950 .... il/u UI jolla Dr. '(I! . .! 121 

'/i'plres II 17190 



4 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian Friday, October 26, 1990 

OPENS OCTOBER 28tH EVERYWHERE 

FAITH 
Continued from H1 

He enjoyes bei ng one of lhe few 
keyboard players in the area of 
aggre ive- lyle music . " It ' a great 
po ilion to be in," Bottum con-
cluded. 

He attributes the band 's unique 
sound to their spontaneity. "Usu-
ally one of u comes up with a riff 
and we go from there," he added. 

When asked how he deals with 
the musical sty les within the band, 
he replied , " We try to sa tisfy 
everyone's creative needs. I per-
onally like the sound that makes a 

lot of money." 
It seems Bottum's dream of 

commercial success are coming 
true. However, he insists that star-
dom has not spoiled the members 
of Faith No More. "If we had be-
come successful overnight," he 
asserted, "we would be standing 
on shaky ground, but we worked 
our way to the top and therefore we 
have a more solid base." 

Faith No More is currently 
touring with Billy Idol. Faith No 
More's current popularity could 
probably be traced to the exposure 
the band has received opening for 
huge rock acts. Metallica was the 
first band to introduce Faith No 
More to rock audiences. However, 
Bottum says that the band does not 
feel oyershadowed by the huge 
stars they open for. "Billy [Idol] , is 
a really generous guy," Bottum 
said. 

Despite the success of the group, 
Faith No More is not immune to 
criticism. Many comparisons have 
been drawn between the group and 

WEDNESDAY '::: .. 
NOV. 14 • 8:00 PM:~:':: 
UCSD TRITON PUB 
PRESENT 0 
BY -~I-."""'·"~ 

the likes of the Red Hot Chili 
Peppers. Bottum is unpha ed by 
these comparisons and shrugged 
them off. 

"Our ongs are complete ly di f-
ferent, the only compari,on I could 
see is between singers. T hey both 

" We try to satisfy 
everyone's creative 
needs. I personally like 
the sound that makes 
a lot of money." 

- Roddy Bottum, 
Faith No More keyboardist 

have long hair and they rap." he 
said. 

Faith No More does seem to 
cover a broader range of sty les 
than do most groups. The songs on 
the album range from the poppy 
"From Out of Nowhere," to the 
heavy metal thunder of the Black 
Sabbath classic, "War Pigs." 

Fai th No More will be coming 
to San Diego this Friday, Oct. 27, 
with Billy Idol. Bottum said the 
responses at the live shows have 
been good and San Diego should 
be no exception. At the conclusion 
of the tour with Idol, Faith No 
More will hi t the road with Robert 
Plant, a long-time fan ofthe band. 
They are also scheduled to appear 
on Saturday Night Live, Dec. 2. 
FaithNo More has probably hit the 
jackpot with the Real Thing. Let's 
hope the "real thing" lasts. 

What: Faith No More I Billy Idol 
When: Fri., Oct. 27 
Where: SO Sports Arena 
TIckets; call 278-TIXS 

~p P !. .. TICKETS AVAILABll AT 
...... ..... .... "" UCSD BOX OFFICE' n4~~9 

Friday, Octo b er 26, 1990 T he UCSD Guardian HIATUS 5 

ALBUMS 
Continued from H3 
a highly escalated beat. 

Stylistically, this cassette is not 
that different from their earlier 
offerings, with it rampant abuse 
of lyrics and powerful u e of tra-
ditional Irish instruments. 

In "YEAH ... ", a rather odd 
verse, "I gave you misery, I gave 
you lies/ And if I hurt you I, I 
apologize/ I love your lip , I love 
your eyes/ I love your breasts, I 
love your thighs/ .... " 

whistle, harp, boron, and other tra-
ditional Irish instruments. It is 
refreShing in an indu try flooded 
with guitar, bass, drums, and key-
board playing quintets, that there 
are still eight-person bands play-
ing a wider range of instruments, 
and playing them well. 

Have The Pogues fallen into the 
U2 trap? Well, though this is a ep, 
it i a good cassette with some 
artistically constructed songs. The 
entire Ip wi ll be released soon, 
asproduced by Joe Strummer. The Samples 

The Samples 
Just R ecords 

S _ - . 

to listen to an album for the way it 
makes you feel. So, when you hear 
lhe eclectic mix of reggae, folk, 
and sunshine rock on the Samples' 
debut album mixed with powerful 
lyrics concerning emotional issues, 
you will appreciate its feel. 

Formed lhree years ago in 
Boulder, Colorado, the band is 
known for its diversity in style and 

the song " Birth of Words", will 
step out of the " reggae mold" to 
create their own category of mu-
sic. 

Another highlight of the album 
is Sean Kelly's vocals . While 
Kelly 's voice is far from beautiful, 
it is a real voicewith an honest 
ound, it adds to the authenticity 

and feel of each meaningful song. 
Powerful lyrics also contribute 

to the emotional mu ic. "Close to 
the Fires" speaks of envi ronmental 
i sues uch as environmental pol-
lution; " African Ivory" 'point out 

Well, if that doesn ' t win over a 
girl's hean right away, l don't know 
what w il l. 

The Pogues are also one of the 
few groups who use a fiddle, penny 

The Pogues are teetering on 
the edge of the hole in to which U2 
and others have fallen, yet, while 
they are peering in with this latest 
album, they haven't fa llen in. 

- Per Caroe 

Mood and feeling are impor-
tant aspects in music these days, 
and unless you listen to music 
solely for the lyrics, you ' re going 

ound. The Samples are reminis-
cent of reggae artists like Bob 
Marley and Peter To h with 
grooving baselines and conga beats 
in song like " African Ivory" and 
" My Town". Reggae bands are 
common these days, but a band 
like The Samples who can create a 
reggae-like beat mixed with 
American folk rock, apparent in 

ocial problems, focusing on the 
corrupt ivory trade. The Samples 
already show talent that will grow 
with experience. 

- Pau l Reineke 

• resumes 
• announcements 

• FAX service 
• reports 
• desktop publishing 
• 1 -4 color printing 
• photo ~opies 

Hours: 

1(/'4 f}1:rCtJa.l(t 
(Students/Fa culty) 

Man - Fri 8:30 - 6:00 
Sat 11 :00 - 3:00 

7770 Regents Rood Suite 111 (619) 546 - 7885 FAX (619) 546 - 7892 

Just minutes from campus in Holiday Court 
SAN DIEGO'S MOST UNIQUE LIQUOR STORE. OUTSTANDING SELECTION 
OF FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC WINES, BEERS a. LIQUORS. INTERNATIONAL 
AND OUT-OF-STATE NEWSPAPERS. LOn O • LOTIERY . GOURMET 
FOODS FROM HOMEMADE TO DECADENT. BUD'S SAN FRANCISCO ICE 
CREAM PARLOR. CUSTOM GIFT BASKETS. UNIQUE CARDS AND GIFTS-
WE BELIEVE WE HAVE THE BEST SELECTION IN SAN DIEGOI • MOVIE 

RENTALS • POPCORN. IMPORTED CHOCOLATES 

FREE DELIVERY in La Jolla, Golden Triangle 
area on all orders of $35 and over 

OPEN: SUN.·THUI!S, 6 am·MId., FRI.·SAT. 6 am-2 am 3251 Holiday Court ofl Vl1a La JoIa 0455·1414 
,/; -........, 

, 1'-\ We packa;;e and ship anywhere. j--------------------
• ~uy one single scoop F R EEl 
• Ice cream cone from 
I . Bud's Ice Cream Parlor I. 

. and get a 2nd cone I Expirt. II/2/9Q,.J 
... -------------------------

A DElltltlJS DEAL! 
Savor the 
~~at 

Center· 
and lunch 

isOD us! 

Redeem your store receipts lor a In ... 55.00 Lunch Money 
certificate at the mail olfice. Only receipts dated from October 1 
through November 30, 1990 will apply. Certificate must be 
redeemed in full ot a single restaurant before November 30, 1990 
and is notredeemable lor cash. 
Certificate availabilities are limited, oller good only while 
supplies last. Limit two certificates per person, please. 
Mail Ollice hours Monday-Friday 9 am·S pm 

Now is the perfect lime to discover Costa 
Verde's one-oI-a-kind combination of 

shops and services. Because now 
you can get everything you need 

in one sunny place, and get 
lunch in the bargain. 

Buy $50 or more in cente r 
men:handise and get a free 
$5.00 Lunc;h Money certifi-
cate, ROOd toward your food 
pun:hase at any one of 
these Costa Verde Center 
eateries: 
Allies 
DiMaHia's Pizza a nd Pasta 
Heidi's Frogen Yozurt 
Hot Wok Cafe 
La Jolla Seas Restaurant 
McI1ooIIw. ' 
Soup Exchaage 

Subway 
Sushi Bar Kuumi 

l.aSalsa 

(OSTAVERDE 
Thl! r.omer of CtlOes5ef! Avenue and La 10118 

Village Drive. for information call 458-9270. 



6 HIATUS The UCSD G uardian Friday, October 26, 1990 

STUDENT REGENT APPLICATIONS 

Available now in the following offices.: 

ASUCSD - Price Center 

College Deans' Office 

Chancellor 's Office 

Graduate Student Association Office - Price Center 

Office of Graduate Studies and Research 

School of Medicine - Student Affairs Office 

Student Affirmative Action Office -
BUild ing 'B - Student Center 

Student Information (EDNA) - Price Center 

Universily Events & Student Activities - Price Center 

Applications are due in the Chancellor's Office no 
later than 5:00 pm, Friday, November 2, 1990. 

~~~~~~[L 
[g)(g$~@1M ~lR< 
~©lM~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

0-90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

• Tweeds • B.U.M. Equipment 
• Big Dog • Limited Express r----------, r----------, ! 1 ~!!~.FF! ! I4-~~elaRcTh~ ! 

L Exp. 11/5/90. .J L • ..I 
---------- ----------

Wed.-Sat. 11am-6pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5pm \, t b.1 0 

LIJOLLI 6'\) 
.1 _,:~ r, ' 

• APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE • 

\ 
• I I 

8250 Camino Santa Fe 
Miramar, California 

(619)~450-3323 

. ~ 
f~ f.. f' 

, t .' 

Friday, October ~ 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

PARTY, PLAY 
AND WIN 

VIDEO GAMES 
COLLEGE TOURNAMENT 

PRESENTED BY: 

JeepOEAGI E ~ .-.. ~oh."o.wl 
"rA.w." 

. IT'S A 2 DAY PARTY! FREE VIDEO GAME PLAY! 

A 1991 
JEEP WRANGLER 

RENEGADE! 

SPONSORED BY: 

UNIV. OF CA/SAN DIEGO 

~991 
EAGLE TALON TSi • A TRIP TO HAWAII! 

ALL WHEEL • SEGA GENESIS SYSTEMS! 
DRIVE! 

DAY 1 > 
DAY2 > 

• CASH PRIZES! 
• T-SHIRTS AND MORE! 

MONDAY - OCTOBER 29 
6:00PM - 12:00 MIDNIGHT 

TUESDAY - OCTOBER 30 
4:00PM -10:00PM 

LOCATION: COVE PRICE CENTER 
OFFICIAL RULES AVAILABLE AT ABOVE LOCA nON. ~ROGRAM OPEN TO REGISTERED STUDENTS ONL Y. 

•••••••••••• • •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• No., what college .. hulenls fJIIrClua.rc G GeM ..... SystftIIlNr-n Sqrnahr ISIIa and D«naller 1st, 
.." .wnd ... FIlfE. G-.ds 2 GAMES Get one of these EXCLUSIVE new games FREE ••. and one of these great games FREE! • ~~ """ "Ii ",00" '8 li ~ ~~~::::;:::::~~c .. ~C::!~~:~ade'M i FREE WHEN YOU 

BUY ASEGA 
GENESIS 
SYSTEM 

BETWEEII 
SEPT. 151 

DEC. l , 
ltt1. 

" - . ' 0 Last lkItt1e" 0 Spoce Harrier II '· • 

'" . ' ' . .,, ' O~IS) I. 
o Joe Moftlana 0 Super ·0 Pat Riley 0 Column. '" 0 lallleS " .u. ler " Dougla. ,,_ 

F_ .... II '· M_o GP' · .... .. et .... I1 '" Knoc:"out '" 

Follow Thne Easy St ... : 
1. Purchase a Genesis system between aboye (" check first chOice, circle second), 

September 15 thru December 1. 1990 a nd and 
anach the origi na l do ted !'ureho.e receipt 7 Moil a ll these items. postmarked no latN 

(rece~ must be doted from September 15 tha n December 6 to: 
~~d 'cember I ) for your Genesis System, SEGA GENESIS COLLEGE OFFER 

Mail-In Certlftcate 

Name 

2. Cut out proof of purchase ymbol (rom the P.O. BOX 3 120 
Sega Genesis System box. and SO. S"N FRANCISCO. CA 9408l 

3. nIT in tn Information requesLed on the pur· 
chose registrohon included In your Gene is ego will mail you a FRE[ game cartndge 8·16 
System. and weeks from recei pt from all completed redemp-

4. Include 0 photocopy of your origi nal co llege lion matenals. Offer good September 15 through 
Idenlificuhon lOrd. and December 1. 1990. $eqo reserves the right to sub. Phone ( 

5. omplete reque ted InformatIon on this stitut. (Illother game listed bose<! upon product 

Street ______ Apt.' __ 

Clty ______ State __ 

___ Zip __ 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• certificate, and avaI lability. Offer not yalld in combi nat ion WIth 6 .. Select your I RlE Genesis lartndges from any other 50ga Genesis offer. Valid In U.S. only. Nome of College • 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
-Stqo " 000 ·wn.'I.) " lAft lrot.ktmor~ til !lleA {li AMLRI< A I/'k.. . I hundt, fo, .. ,,1115 La utxk'mork of rfdlnnson Inc AU u.hrrQOnte III,"u", 'rudemol't.$ oiSfguof Am~ricQ. Int 

9 



10 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza is still UCSD's 'inest original 
pizzeria, Tear out the BJ's coupon and get 
your taste buds to BJ's. For UCSD's se-
rious pizza eaters! (9124-11/30) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. Xeroxes 
and more. Near St. Germains. 452-9949. 
(9124-11130) 

Writing Help. I've discovered/created 
unique, Fun - yes, 'un! approaches 'or 
serious proJec1S. Begin 481-1810. (1013-
11130) 
Scholarships/grants 'or college are avail-
able. Millions go unclaimed yearly. Call 1-
800-334-3881. (1 0/8-I 1/1 4) 

BIG GREEN, documentary to supporl Prop 
128 to handle the environmental crisis. 
Video free every M& W at noon, MCC 221 
3rd College Media Center. (10/15-11/5) 

Recovering Alcoholics: Males 4C1-60 yrs, 
Hospital·based research in recovery 'rom 
brain effec1s o. alcohol abuse. Incentives 
offered. Call Sean Rourke or June Allen 
552-8585 ext.3731 (Mon- Fri) (10/19-101 
29) 
PRAYER & PRAISE EVENING WOR-
SHIP SERVICE - Join with other Chris-
tian students on campus tor one hour'rom 
6 to 7 p.m. Sunday Evenings in the Police 
Station Training Room. Sponsored by the 
United Campus Ministry UCSD. In'orma-
bon call : 534-2521 (10119- I (126) 

PROJECT PLAIN TALK: SEXUALITY 
AND FAITH "II you know the biology and 
want to expand your knowledge base and 
build a value system about sex... this 
workshop Is 'or you!" NOV. 9, 10, I I -
sponsored by the United Campus Minis-
try, .ee: $5 pre. reg/$8 at the door. In'or-
mation: call 534-2521. (10122-1112) 
Nothing to do over Thanksgiving? Come 
Kayaking in La Bu'adora, Mexico with 
OutBack Adventures. 534-0684. (1 0/24-
11/5) 
FREE AWESOME FILM ! Today, 7 p.m., 
SLH 107. "Buddies," the first American 
film to dramatize the AIDS crisis, explores 
issues untouched by any other dramatic 
work. "Buddies" is a story of love and 
caring that transcends sexual and political 
preference. FREE from CWO. (1 0/26) 

Ballroom Dance Club's MONSTER MASH, 
Halloween night. Oct. 31, 7-9:30 p.m., PC 
Ballroom, costume optional, lessons at 
7:15, FREE admission I Promoted by 
Universal Pictures - free Child's Play II 
dolls, mugs. (1 0/26-1 0131 ) 

Want to Intern In D.C.? ASIO has public 
policy. marketing, international relations, 
finance, journalism, morel Supreme 
Court, New Republic Magazine, Con-
gresslSenate. Smithsonian. NaI'l Gal-
lery of Art, CNN. 534-4689 nowl (10/26) 

Get AAAAAA's ! New study techniques 
and short cuts. Tested methods. Aston-
ishing results. Send $4 now for 'The Exam 
Secrerto B&B Global Connections, 71 59 
Navajo Rd., Ste_ 328JF6, San Diego, CA 
92119. (10126) 
ASAP RANCON Raal Estata needs re-
search-oriented Internsl Motivated stu-
dents needing experience call ASIO, 534-
4689111(10126) 

Idnko'S· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Garnet Avenue 

neu Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others_ Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p .m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, 3 p.m. Mondayfor Wednesday' s issue, and 3 p .m. Wednesdayfor Friday's issue. The 
Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to 
companionship ads. For more information call534-5416. Mailing address:UCSD Guard-
ian, 0316, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center 
A, top floor. 

UCSD Sailing Team North-South orga-
nizing meeting Monday, Oct. 29, al5 p.m. 
in WLH 2115. (10/26-1 0129) 

The International Cooperative Nursery 
School (ICNS) on the campus of UCSD in 
La Jolla offers a warm and relaxed atmo-
sphere in which children can gain social, 
emotional, phYSical, and cognitive com-
petence. Emphasis is on learning through 
play and a multi-cultural, anti-bias cur-
riculum. Please call 455-93 tO. (1 0126) 
Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only handles 
these 2 autos and nobody does it better for 
UCSD. Bring your 10 and you get 20% off 
most services! Call 450-9494. (10126-111 
30) 
Students interested in Dramatic produc-
tions Maywrlghts Project needs interns 
immediately. 534-4689 for career experl-
encel! (10126) 

Destinations Unknown presents Rosarito 
Beach FALL FIESTA. November 16-18, 
2 nights12 days, transportation, accom-
modations, free parties, optional lobster 
dinner, only $75. See table in Price Center 
of CAlL 793-0492. (10126-1 1/9) 

Today's the deadline for California intern-
ships at ASIOII Biolechies, NASA, IBM, 
S.F. District Attorney, l.A. Times, 
Hewlett Packard, Pasadena Jet Pro-
pulalon Laboratory, Academy T.V. Arts! 
Sclencesl Develop your own internshipl 
534-4689 (10126) 
A.S.K. Tutors - Boo!·Don't be scared to 
help at Bay Park's Halloween Carnival, 
Oct. 31 , 5-8 p.m. More information at the 
Volunteer Connection. (10/26-10129) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides warmth, 
education, prayer, socializing. Connec1 
with Union of Jewish Students! 502 
Matthews; east of the Price Center. Call 
Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521. (10126) 
D.C. (aura), D.C. (power), D.C. (leader-
ship), D.C. (career), D.C. (units), D.C. -
GET IT??? D.C, Internship Forum, TO-
DA YI TODAY I TODAY I Career Services 
Cente •• 1 :30-3:30. (10126) 
Public Relations and analysts interns 
needed ASAP at Drake Beam MorinI! 
Call ASIO, 534-4689 immediatelyll! (101 
26) 
PRE-MED? Prepare to learn about your 
career in osteopathic medicine at tihe Col-
lege o. Osteopathic Medicine of fhe Pacific 
awareness conference SATURDAY 101 
27, 8:30-3:30 p.m. at SDSU. For more 
Information call Teri Lopez at (800) 447-
2667_ (1 0126) 

RE 

SiN LE 

NETWORk 
Exciting new concept to meet 
other singles, FREE 'Voice 
Mailbox·, a unique way to 
record and safely receive 
messages in response to 

noIol'""o,,,1 ad in the North 
nl .. ""iin .. ,,· (First 30 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Stu-
dent discounts. 558-46441226· 1962. iFl/ 
24-1/14) • 

WRITING Help from UC-Grad Tutorl 
Writer/Researcher. All projec1s welcome. 
Productive, lntensel Start Early. 481 -1 81 O. 
(1013-t 1/30) 

Papers typed I Quick and affordable. From 
$2/pg. CallLJ Colony Resumes & Pro'es-
sional Typing. 455-8357. Laser printing ! 
60 typestyles to choose froml One day 
service available. (1 0/5-11/30) 

WORD PROCESSING, 4.0 English Skills, 
lerm papers, experienced dissertations, 
7 -day week, rush jobs, references 755-
2683. (10/10-10129) 
TYPING: TERM PAPERS, ETC., RUSH 
JOBS AT NO EXTRA CHARGE. 
453-0656. (1013-11130) 
Bartender school - DaylNight Course 
250.00 - Refresher Course Oct 20 and 
Nov 10, 10 am. to 2 p.m. 45.00. 1-800-
227-0030 BADD-REACTS (1 0119-1 1/16) 

WORD PROCESSING-Everything from 
term papers to resumes. 24-HOUR SER-
VICE AVAILABLE, 7-DAYS A WEEK 450-
0812. (1 0124-1112) 

Typing/Word Processing. Tenm papers -
Theses - Manuscripts etc. - Laser printing 
- Student Rate - 259-7581 . (10124-10126) 

TRAVEL COSTS RISING - BUY NOW 
FOR CHRISTMAS & SPRING BREAK. 
FREE TICKET DELIVERY 450-0812. (1 01 
24-1 112) 

Adazzling pearly white smile can be yours! 
Call Dr. Rad. at 490-8099. UCSD SPE-
CIAL: Cleaning and exam only $20. (1 01 
26-11/5) 

Rush Order Word Processing. 10 cents 
per typed line. (about $2.40 per page). 
Overnight. 793-7283. (10126) 

PINWHEELS - a full service safon near 
campus - Costa Verde Center. Facials, 
waxing, lash tints and more. Call Parvaneh, 
558-1858, (1 0126-11130) 
Volkswagen? Or Is your car an Audi? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only handles 
these 2 autos and nobody does it better 'or 
UCSD. Bring your 10 and you get 20% off 
most services! Call 450-9494. (10126-111 
30) 
TYPING - PROOFREADING - EDIT-
ING: Term papers, MAs, Ph .D.s, Legal , 
and Medical. RUSH JOBS. Call MARIE, 
931-9596. (1 0126-1 0/29) 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral students (64-91%), aner 
completing their course worlo., remain w~h 
a dissertation pending complelion indefi-
nitely. Among these ABOs (AU-B: 1-the-
Dissertation) are generally lound the 
brightest and most creative candidates. 
Addressing those elemenrs involved in de· 
laying completion, the worlo.shop guides 
participants, from beginning to following 
through and completion, particula~y after 
years of InaCbvrty and regardless of where 
they are In the process. 

Workshop information 
98S'()426 

Postgraduate Group 

WORD PROCESSING, EDITING. $21 
page, free pickup and delivery. 7 days! 
week. Irma, 453-6282. (10126) 
WORD PROFESSIONALS: Experienced. 
Word Processing . Research using 
MEDLINE or BRS Colleague; 1 hour mini-
mum. Student Rates. Modem. Laser 
printer. 9-7 Mon.-Fri. Weekend appoint-
ments. 753-5964. 1521 Summit Ave., 
Cardiff. (10126) 

Russian languagetutoring.MA in Russian 
linguistics from the University of Moscow. 
Native. Groups or individuals. 452-8084. 
Rha. 1 mile from UCSD. (10126) 

WANTED 
Chlldcare needed in Del Mar 4:30-7:00 
some days. Own car. 755-6172. (1 015-I 01 
31) 
Happy witih your present salary? I need 
people who want to make more ASAP 
(619) 758-4602. (10110-11130) 
Domino's Pizza at UCSD is now hiring for 
Customer Service Representatives. Must 
be at least 16 years old, energetic and 
efficient with an outgoing personality. Will 
be responsible for greeting customers, 
taking pizza orders and otiher store opera-
tions. Eligible applicants should apply at 
the UCSD store, located at 321 I Holiday 
Court aiter 3:30 p.m. (10119-11130) 

Babysitter needed. Beautiful fun girts ages 
4 and 7. Occasional weekend evenings 
Del Mar. 793-0570 (10119-10126) 

Wanted - Motiher's helper, must be reli-
able, considerate, sensible, energetic, and 
organized. A valid drivers license and 
transportation is necessary. $6.00 to $8.00 
per hour. Send qualifications to: Carol 
Shaffer, P.0 .Box3208, Rancho Santa Fe, 
Cal. 92067. (10119-10129) 

Hlcycle Mechanic wanted, FulVPart-time, 
must have shop experience w/naterences. 
Expending Carlsbad shop, 434-5698. (101 
22- t 112) 

In school and need money? Start your 
own business for $150. Fun work. Distrib-
ute REAL designer fragrances. 272-9038. 
(10122-10126) 

Psych 179 Mid-tenm & AnallMid-term only 
Fall 89. I'll pey $3.00. Contact Gina 280-
4054. (10124-1 0126) 

ATIENDANT WANTED by young, pro-
fessional, disabled woman, Beginning 
November(lst/2ndwk.). TTH 6 a.m.-noon; 
Sat. 7:30 am.-3:3O p.m. Reliable, effi-
cient, own car. Personal care (no exp QI(), 
shopping, housework, driving. $7Ihr. PAM 
298-1745. (10124-10129) 

Friday, October 26, 1990 

Graduale Into a $30,000+ per year part 
time incomelAct nowl Call for information. 
491 -2247. (101\7-10/26) 

WANTED: Used Molecular Model sets. 
Tell a 'riend. I will buy these. Paul, eve-
nings: 552-1038. (10117-10/26) 

Neuro Care: LST position, retrain people 
with Traumatic Brain Injury. Work with a 
state-o.-the-art Neurobehavioral Rehab. 
Team. Excellent experience to compli-
ment education. Call (619) 789-4600. (101 
26-11 /12) 

WECARE is expanding in tihe San Diego 
area and needs part-time and full-Ume 
safes people. No prior experience is nee-
ess&ry_Anapnaeenlativefromourcompany 
will be In San DIego this s.turd8y, 101271 
9O.11a,m.-12:30p,m..attheWyndhllm 
Hotel. 5975 Luak Blvd. (near Mira Mesa 
Blvd. and 805). Ask for Becky. (10126) 

FOR SALE 
PLEASE BUY OUR COMPUTER, we need 
to eat! IBM PC Junior. Color terminal, 
Okidata Microllne 92 printer. MAKE AN 
OFFER, CALL 270-9220. (1015-11/30) 

Del Mar - why rent? $112,900 condo. 2 
BR, 2 BA, pool , spa, beach 1 mile. Chris, 
931-6977. (10/12-11 /14) 

Stereo, Sony CD, Pioneer Receiver, JVC 
Dual Cassette, Excellent condition. Must 
sell $200, cell 458-0934. (1 011 7-10126) 

IBM Compatible, 386SX, 16 MHz, 1 Mb 
RAM, 3.5' HD Floppy, 40 Mb Hard Drive, 
2400 baud internal modem, 14' VGA 
Monitor. Purchased June, works perfectly. 
$1,290 o.b.o. Mall, 450-681 1, 

19" Bianchi 12 speed SUNTOUR GEARS, 
pump $200 obo. RA'UP 453-5514. (101 
22-10129) 
AIRLINE TICKET: Roundtrip San Fran. 
Bay Area. Leave Nov. 2, return early Nov. 
5. $55.00 Call 558-0055. (10122-10129) 
IBM COMPATIBLE XT-TURBO, 33MB 
Hard Disk, 2x360k Roppy Drives, Graph-
ics Card, Colour Monitor SERIPAR Inter-
face Card. $450 o.b.o. Rich 457-2361. 
(Ring 8-9 am. or 5-7 p.m.) (10122-10126) 
CYMBAL: Zildian 20" Pang. Excellent 
Condition. $80. Call Alex eves. 558-7107_ 
(1 0124-1 0126) 
HP28S CALCULATOR - $1 00 includes 
several e~tras ; INFRARED PRINTER-
extra rolls, ac adapter - $70, 692-1873. 
(10124-10129) 

SUBARU Hatchback 1983 4spd, red, AMI 
FM cassette, air conditioning $1 000 OBO 
call Kelly 536-9758. (10124-I 0126) 

OINGO BOINGO tickets for sale (10127 
on the grass at Irvine) best offerll Dawn 
486-4083. (10/24-10126) 

ONE JANE'sADDICTION TICKET for Sal 
Nov. 3 show. Asking $100 o.b.o, Call 
Barbara 457-5690, (10124-10129) 

Jane's AddIctIon Tickets - For Saturday 
show. Rrst-born Child O.B.O Call HaV 
Sam 558-1611 (10124-10126) 

BMW 1982 528E, Automatic, Power Ev-
erything, Cheap l.Aechanictoo, Great Deal, 
$7000, DAN 759-1565. (10124-10129) 
6' Queen size Futon with 4-posltion fname. 
Excellent condition. Will deliver - $1401 
o.b.o. Call 558-7504. (10124-10129) 

Jane's Addiction - 3 tickets for Nov. 3-
$1250.B.0. call Ryan or Steve 450-6879, 
597-0744. (10124-10126) 

NEWa..IENTS 
ONLY 

• Full Set .... ....... ....... $16.95 
• Fills .. .. .... ..... .. ........ . $10.95 
• Pedicure ........... .. ... $10.95 
• Manicure ............. .... $5.95 

Friday, O ctober 26, 1990 

1988 MAZDA 323-HB, 24,000 MILES, 4-
SPD, AC, PULLOUT STEREO, RElI· 
ABLE, GREAT SHAPE $5,200 - O.B.O. 
481 -3 t66. (10124-10/26) 
1988 Mazda B2200 Cab-plus, 5 spd., 
Buckets, Kenwood ster., Equalizer, tint-
$5,800. Call Joe - 558·7602. (10124-11 1 
5) 

-DISCOUNT AIR FARES. RESERVE 
HOLIDAY TRAVEL NOW. USA, EOPE. 
FREE BONUS MILES. 481-1264" (t 0/24-
11/9) 
6' futon and4-poSition frame. $1 00. Close 
to campus. 587-0709. (10126-11130) 
Macintosh Image Writer II , $300. Will throw 
in computer paper and Ginsu knives. Anne, 
457-0631 . (1 0126-10/31 ) 

JANE'S ADDICTION. t ticket Fri. Nov. 2. 
$60 0bo. Call Scott at 457-4982. (10126-
1(129) 

'77 Ford Maverik. Runs wonder1ully, auto-
matic, NC, 70K, very reliable. $1 , t50. 
Call Matias, 481 -5658. (10126-10129) 

I, MAYBE 2 JANE'S ADDICITON TICK-
ETS, FRI. NOV, 2. I'M BROKEI MAKE 
OFFER; 558-9431 , HEATHER. (10126-
10129) 

2 Jane's Addiction tickets for Friday, No-
vember 2 show. $60 each obo. Call Chris, 
558-2427. (1 0126-10/29) 

Airline companion ticket. San Diego-
Florida round trip, $250. Also, 25"10 dis-
count East Coast, $25.298-8768. (1 0126-
10129) 

Queen sizewaterbed with heater, no leaks, 
$60. Call John, 793-1160. (10/26-10129) 

'83 Toyota Tercel. Immaculate looking, 5 
speed, great mileage, new clutch!brakes. 
$2,500/best. 298-8768. (10/26-10/29) 
HALF PRICE SPEAKERSI Unboxed with 
warranty. 125 watt pro quality LINEAR 
PHASE 8810 digital ready. Retail $1000 
up, take first $500. 792-0586. (10/26) 

Kenwood single-disc compact disc player, 
$130 obo. Call Jonathan, 453-8852. (101 
26-1112) 

Rims: Centeriines for Mazda RX7. 79-85 
front rims 15 x 8", back 15 x 9- new tires. 
Vince, 271-0497. (10126-10129) 
Round trip Thanksgiving airline ticket -
San Diego/San Jose. Only $92. Call Julie, 
558-6768, (1 0126-1 0/31) 
DataFrame 20M hard disk for Macintosh, 
$300 obo. Rixon 1200-baud modem, $35 
obo. 60s style hardwood stereo cabinet, 
free if you have transportation. Call Steve 
at 453-2635. (1 0/26-1 0131) 

Garage Sale - Multi family. 9755 La Jolla 
Farms Road. 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Sat., Oct. 27. 
Couch, tables, chairs, desk, bookcase, 
lamps, T. V., cl01hes, books, bargains. (1 01 
26) 

One-way airline ticket, San Diego to New 
York City. $t 75 obo. 543-0321. (10126-
10/29) 

COMPUTER: Macintosh SE/30 and 
Imagewriter II printer. 80MB Hardisk and 
4 MB of memory. Manuals and various 
software. Mustbe sold togetiher for $3000. 
Call 619-571-1751 and leave message. 
(10126) 

'73 Datsun wagon. All newlrebuilt. Worth 
a call. $1350 obo, 299-256 t. (10/26- I 1/2) 
BICYCLE: Centurion Accordo '85. Ten 
speed. 25" lrame. Blue. $75. Leave mes-
sage at 619-571-1751. (10126) 

Two Jane's Addiction tickets for Sat. , Nov. 
3, 1990. $60 each obo. Call 587-7001. 
(10/26) 

'77 MUSTANG, V6, Auto, white, runs fine, 
new tlreslbrakes, sunroof, AMIFM cas· 
sene, $1000 obo. Mark, 297-1393. (101 
26-10/31 ) 

HOUSING 
3 ROOMMATES WANTED for 4bd Uni-
versity City House. Near all. Fireplace, 
garden, carpeting, spacious. 459-2935. 
(1011 9-10129) 

WANTED: ROOMMATE MALE OR FE-
MALE. $350 month plus 113 util ities. Own 
room. 558-8365. (10/22-10131) 

Penasquitos$1 050 4 bedrooms, 2.5 baths 
house. 2-car garage. Available in Nov. 
Leave message: 695-8253. (10/22- 10/29) 

Male roommate share 4BR/2BA, own 
room. In University City, nearUCSD. $334. 
Craig, 546-9459. (10124-11 /2) 
Female Roommate needed, La Jolla 
Colony - UCSD, own bedroom and bath 
WID, on busline, many extrasl $450 + 1/2 
ulillties a monlh. Call 558-6623. (tO/24. 
10/26) 

ROOMMATE WANTED 3BR.3 BATH IN 
LA JOLLA COLONY, POOL, PARKING, 
$400.00 + 1/2 UTILITIES, PAUL 597-
0350. (10/24-10/26) 

OCEAN VIEW furn .house/Encinitas. 
3bdrml2bath. Heated pool, gorgeous pa-
tio. Avail. 12/16-117. $1350 944-1762. (101 
24-10/26) 

Cool roommate(s) needed. Genessee 
Highlands, big place. Large room- $400, 
share- $250. Eric/Steve, 452-9407. (101 
26) 

DEL MAR - Male roommate needed. 
Across the street from BEACH! Share 
room, $300/month. Call 755-9719. (101 
26·10131) 

4 bd spacious University House for renti 
Walk to malls, 5 min from UCSD. Must 
see I 459-2935. (10126-11 12 ) 

UNIVERSITY CITY - room - $295. Pro-
rated utilities. Share home. Preferable male 
student. Available Oct. 31 . Tel 453-63711 
452-6840. (10126- I 0/29) 

UNIVERSITY CITY, shared room $250 
plus 1/4 utilities, 3 BRI 2 BA furnished, 
mature roommates, Tom, 587-8246. (101 
26-1 ( /5) 

Female roommate needed to share bed-
room in beautiful La Jolla International 
Gardens apartment. 3 min from campus. 
Gym, spa, pool, fireplace, partially fur-
nished, refrigerator, microwave, dish-
washer, nearbuslines. Jennifer, 558-6053. 
(10126-10/31 ) 

Pacific Beach North. Responsible, outgo-
ing, fun roommate, preferably male, to 
share 3 bedroom house. Large yard, ga-
rage, laundry, hardwood floors. $400. 
Available now. 272-1969. Leave message. 
(10126-10/29) 

Female roommate. UTC townhome. Own 
room. $283. Near all. Available 11 /1. 
Berkley or Jeryl, 455-5633. (1 0/26-1 0129) 
FEMALE ROOMMATE NEEDED -
SHARE 1 BDRM CONDO - LA JOLLA. 
Condo built for 2. Washerldryer, fireplace, 
complete kitchen, pool/spa, share garage. 
Don 't need anything to move in except you 
and your clothes. Need someone respon-
sible and clean. $300 plus 112 gas and 
phone. $100 deposit. 558- I 482, leave 
message. (1 0/26) 

Fantastic ocean/bay view 1 br condo. 
Quiet, secluded, conven ient location. 
Great price. Agent, 455-6565. (10126) 

MISSION BAY CONDO. l -yr lease. 2 BR, 
2 bath. Security Bldg. No pets. 21 3-396-
4849. (1 0126) 

T he UCSD G uardian 

PERSONALS 
Ski Utah for Thanksgiving with R.t.S.C.1 
Tix on sale at Box Office. More inlo. 534-
4482. (10122-10/26) 

YOU THOUGH YOU WERE SAFE 
DARRELl. SOME DAYYOU KNOW YOU 
ARE GOING TO HAVE TO TELL THE 
WHOLE STORY! CAREN PROMtSES 
NOT TO HAVE A NARCOLEPSY AT-
TACK DURING IT. FASC, WHAT DO 
YOU THINK? SUSAN? CAREN? (10/26) 

UC CYCLERY is now offering an awe-
some tune up special. With the coupon in 
Friday's paper you get$5.00 off our $25.00 
price. We'll fix your bike up right. (1 0124-
10/29) 

Debbie, AOPi sisterhood means the world 
to me and now I can share it with you . I'm 
soo happy you're my Iii' Sis. Roses and 
Love, Jennifer. (10126) 

Come to the Tri Delta Benefit Auction 
featuring Berger & Prescott, Russ T. Nailz 
from 91 X on Tuesday, November 6 in the 
Price Center Plaza Irom noon to 1 :30. (t 01 
26) 
If you dare ... ' Halloween Hysteria" is this 
Sat. and Sun. althe Children's Museum 01 
San Diego. For children only, this mystery 
museum isfilledwith fun events and ghostly 
surprises. Sponsored by KKG and the Sig 
Eps l (10126) 
AOPi class of Alpha Iota, We love you l 
Have fun at your Presents tonight! AOPi. 
(1 (126) 

Destinations Unknown presents Rosarito 
Beach FALL FESTIVAL. November 16-
18, 2 nights! 2 days, transportation, ac-
commodations, free parties, optional lob-
ster dinner, only $75. See table in Price 
Center of CALL 793-0492. (10126-11 /9) 

Sigma Kappa, TGIF and its time to dance 
the night away at pledge presents. Enjoy. 
(10/26) 

Hey folks, check out Paper Trends in 
Costa Verde for all your Halloween needs. 
They've got everything from Jason masks 
to Halloween boxers; all at the lowest 
prices available. (10126-10/31) 

Beautifu l outdoor dining overiooking Torrey 
Pines golf course I Tasty, nutritious cui-
sine, all you can eat salad bar ... Choices 
554-FOOD. (20% discount wI UCSD 10). 
(9124-11130) 

Guardian Interns - This is the last week 
of the program and we're going 10 some 
important stuff. So, be sure to make it to 
both meetings on Monday and Wednes-
dayat 7:oo pm ln GH 1116. See you there . 
(1 (126) 

FOR SALE: Mac floppy drive. Cutting 
Edge. like new. $100/0.b.o. Call Dave at 
693-3072. (1 0126) 

r--------------------, I TUNE-UP SPECIAL I 
I $2500 $1995 I I Regularly Now with coupon I 
I INCWDES: true wt.ets, adJust brakes. , ..... huba. headsat and bottom I 

bracket. check. Inflate tlrea. and lubrlc:atlon. 
E.q>. 11/ 1/90 

--------------------

university City Cyclcry 
3246 Governor Dr. San Diego 

452-8842 
Authorized Sales and Service 

Diamond Back-GT-Miyata-Mongoose 
lucsol N 

J 
~-"""'-"""'''''''''52 

1,5 1-805 

CLASSIFIEDS 11 

TOM SAWYER PlAYS 
WITH 3400 WAm 

AND GETS BlASTED. 
''Tom Sawyer" i jll t one of the rock cia ic by Ru h 
that's part of our awesome Laserium experience. 
Argon an~ Krypton laser images will surround you 
as Rush hits are played over 12 huge peakers. 0 
call 238-1168 for howtime. Then drop by Balboa 
Park tonight. You'll La R hIlI 
have a blast. ser US 

K:)1KG8 FM 

'_ling irritable, "on edge," unable to relax? 
Difficulty concentroting ond studying? 

Always woiting far the other shoe to drop? 
Experiencing muscle tension or physical symptoms 

that seem to have no real cause? 

Dr. Murray Rosenthal and his associates at Behavioral Medicine 
Research are looking for subjects belween 18 and 65 years of age 
(females must be unoble to bear children) to participate in clinical 
trials wilh the newest, nonaddictive, anti-anxiely medications. 
We do not pay volunteers. What sets our programs aport is Ihe 
free aftercare we provide. This assureslhat regardless of how you 
respond during Ihe trial, you will recieve some kind of free follow-
up care for up to four monlhs. 
All studies include a free diagnostic evaluation of your physical 
and emotional condition , as well os free medicotion. ALL ASSESS-
MENTS ARE CONfiDENTIAl. Please call : 571-1188. 

BEHA VIORAL MEDICINE RESEARCH 
7798 Starling Drive, Ste. 210 

San Diego, CA 92123 
-



12 SPORTS 

• Noles, Quotes, and Anecdotes 
BUBBLETURF: Funny thing this 

Astroturf ... seems a strange field prob-
lemforcedareschedulingofthe UCLA-
UC Riverside women's soccer match. 

A massive bubble fonned under the 
AsttoturfatRiverside'ssoccerfield. The 
bubble then popped, creating an enor-
mous crater in the middle of the playing 
surface. 

Gee ... this problem never happens 
with natural grass. 

BAD CHOICE O F WORDS: 
George Pertes, head coach of the Michi-
gan State football team on the contro-
versy of women in the locker room: 

"I think we probably expose o ur 
players to the media as well as any-
body." 

HINDSIGHT: Looking back on it 
now, Pete Rose might have meant some-
thing else when he made the following 
comment during his playing days: 

"With the money I'm making, J should 
be playing two positions." 

ANTI-UCSD: A Texas Sports In-
fonnation Director once noted: 

"The University of Texas bas only 
two major sports - football and spring 
football." 

No problem like that here. 
WHO, US?: From Penn State 

football coach, loe Paterno: 
"If I ever Deed a brain transplant, I 

want one from a sportswriter, because 
['11 know it 's never been used." 

DEEP PHILOSOPHY: This 
might explain the Pittsburgh Steelers ' 
troubles: 

"Before you can win a game, you 
have to not lose it." - Head Coach 
ChuckNoU 

SCORES AND STATS 
Scores and statistics for UCSD athletic 
events forthe period of 10-18 to 10-23 

MEN'S SOCCER 
(1"2-1, __ flllh nationally) 

UCSO I Pomona-Pitzer 0 
UCSO GoeI: Melnik 

WOMEN'S SOCCER 
(13-~-1, __ 11111<1 ne1lonally) 

UCSO 1 Oc:ddemalO 
UCSO GaoII; L",dsay (Shea) 
UCSO 2 Claremont 0 
UCSO GoM: Shu (penalty luck). Eddy (Rooenson) 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 
(28-7, ra __ ond nalioMlly) 

A. WMhlnglon Unl ••• stty No ....... lln ........... 1 
Tau-. SL LOul., _.ourI: second pI8U 
UCSOd. Wheaton (MA) 15-6. '5'9.15·'3 
UCSOd. Nebfaska·Wesleyan '5·3. ,5-6. '5-7 
UCSO d. Sl BenedtCI (MN) '5-' 2. 12, '5.15-13. '5-'3 
ClllmpiOn.lhlp; Washington (MO) d. UCSO 15-12. 12· 
15. 15-6. 15-13 
UCSO "'Hour..-: EllUtJelh Tan, Vlkld VIIn 
0..,... 

UPCOMING EVENTS 
HOllE EVENTS IN BOLD 
Games trom 10-2510 '0-31 

IIEIrS AND WOIIEH·S CROSS COUNTRY 
.. way, 10;30 a.m., UCSD Inv~" 

IIEN1I SOCCElt 
-",2;30 p.m., ••. USIU 

WOIIEWB SOCCER 
1IundIIy, _, ••• C$U San 8emerdlno 

IIEIrS VOLLEY8AI.L 
--,.,5 p.m., va . .... Iean NIIIoMi r .. m 

WOIIEWB VOLLEVBALL 
Sat.·Sun , all day. at OccIdanlal College InvitatIOnal 

IIEIrS WATE" POLO 
roa" 3:30 p.m., va. 8IenIOfd 
Sat. -Sun .• • 11 day ... 4!/er Inllilalion.ol (Long BelICh) 
"".1111,,3;30 pm., VI. UC AI ....... 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guard ian 

Stava Ekstrom/Guardian 

SWEET SMELL OF SUCCESS 
• UCSD Athletic Director Judy Sweet is on the national 
fast track after being nominated for NCAA President 
By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

U CSD Athletic Director Judy Sweet is one in 3200. Or one in 800, or even 44, but, really -
she's one of a kind . 

Sweet, if elected at January's NCAA 
convention in Nashville, will become the 
association's first woman president, and 
first from a Division ill school. 

She will not head just the women's 
side, nor just Division ilI - butthe entire 
NCAA, with its 8oo-plus member insti-
tutions and 3200 administrators who are 
eligible for the 44-person Executive 
Council. 

She tends to downplay her recent 
nomination for the office of NCAA 
president - but don 't let her fool you. 

Last is Not 
Least for 
TrHons 
• Preview: Women's 
soccer takes on CSU 
San Bernardino 
By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

After so many days (innumer-
able), and so many games (16), 
including 13 victories, the UCSD 
women' s soccer team 's season 
could very well boil down to one 
measly game . 

She thinks she was just in the right 
place at the right time, or she was lucky. 

Sweet belittles accomplishments, 
claiming that, "there are lots of other 
people who have the abili ties to carry out 
the responsibilit ies of president." 

She does, however, concede the real 
fact - that, "I started on the ground 
floor, I've gone through the ranks, and 
that has helped me be bener qualified 
than other individuals." 

In potentially moving from the lobby 
to the penthouse, Sweet has occupied a 
number of different offices. She was head 
of the Division ill Steering Committee in 
1983, Division ill president in 1986-87, 
and secretary-treasurer for the past two 
years - a position which has tradition-

See SWEET, Page 13 

Friday, October 26, 1990 

Available 
Only Once 
This Year 
• Preview: Cross country is 
home for the first, and last, 
time to host its own Invite 
By Lea Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

Tomorrow, the UCSD cross cou ntry 
teams will give new meaning to the old 
adage "you can't go home again" as they 
host their only home meet of the season, the 
annual UCSD Invi tational. 

After this weekend, the Tritons' only 
other meets, the NCAA Division ill West 
Regionals and Championships, will be well 
removed from the friendly confines of the 
UCSD campus. 

But, before we get ahead of ourselves, 
UCSD Head Coach Mark Stanforth feels 
that this weekend's invitational will defi -
nitely test both the men and women. 

"These races should both be very com-
petitive [for us] and they will serve as a 
really good tune-up [following a two-week 
layofn," Stanforth said. 

The UCSD women will start off Saturday 
morning's action at 10:30 a.m., hoping to 
outdistance Point Loma Nazarene, U.S. In-
ternational, CSU San Bernard ino, Christ 
College of Irvine, and UCLA's women's 
" B" team, over a five-kilometer course. 

"Even if we run well , we could fi nish 
behind UCLA, but defeating them isn' t out 
of the realm of possibility," Stanforth said. 
"I don ' t think anyone else, except maybe 
Point Loma, will give us much of a test." 

The men 's race, an eight-kilometer jaunt 
which will immediatel y follow the women's 
contest, should be a fairly stiff test for the 
Tritons, since the field will include UCLA's 
men's "B" team and a strong PLNC team. 

"[UCLA] should be prett y tough and 
Point Loma finished about 50 poi nts ahead 
of us earlier this season at the Stanford 
meet," Stanforth noted. "Once again, even if 
we run as well as we have all year, we could 
still finis h behi nd those two [teams]." 

The men's fie ld is rounded out by teams 
from USIU, CSUSB, Christ College, and 
Cal Lutheran. 

One Final 
Hurdle to 
Regionals 
• Preview: Men's 
soccer faces off with 
Division I USIU 
By Peter Ko 
Associate Sports Editor 

If men's soccer Head Coach 
Derek Annstrong had his way, 
he'd skip right over Sunday's 
scheduled game again t U.S. In-
ternational and advance to go -
the start of the NCAA Regional 
Championship . 

But the road has already been 
paved, and the Tritons have 
promises and appearances to keep. 

Okay, maybe not so measly. 
Okay, one all-important con-

te t with Division III rival CSU 
San Bernardino (his Sunday at the 
North Campus Rec. Area. 

Jtdoesn' t eemright, butalo s, 
See W. SOCCER, Page 13 

Greg Benes/Guardian 
Danielle Placek is looking no further than this weekend. 

All of which means that the 
Tritons have a soccer game to play 

See M, SOCCER, Page 13 

Friday, October 26, 1990 

UCSD NOTEBOOK 

A preview of this weekend's UCSD sporting events: 
• MEN'S WATER POLO: 
Stanford at UCSD, Friday, 3:30 p.m. ; UCSD at Long 
Beach St. 4ger Invitational, Sat.-Sun., all day 

Faded memories of last year's record-breaking season return 
today to the Canyonview Pool, as Stanford University takes on the 
men 's water polo team. 

The Cardinal faced UCSD twice last eason - once during the 
regular season, and again in the first round of the NCAA National 
Championship Tournament. 

UCSD lost 11-6 in the first meeting, and 7-6 in the tourney. The 
tourney loss came on a goal with 25 seconds left in the contest. 

This year's Triton squad, however, has few memories of that 
fateful day, and with only a couple of players returning from last 
year's team and stands little chance against the powerful Cardinal. 

The new group has stumbled to a 4-18 record, with two games 
remaining after this weekend ' s 4ger Invitational at CSU Long 
Beach. 

Remarkably, the Tritons are still ranked 15th in the nation, and 
have a shot at another NCAA playoff berth. The winner of the 
Western Water Polo Association Championship Tournament, 
which is scheduled for the weekend of Nov. 9- 11, receives an 
automatic bid to the NCAA tourn~y. 

• WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL: 
UCSD at Occidental Invitational, Fri.-Sat., all day 

The second-ranked Tritons head up the road to Occidental 
College this weekend for some Division ill action, although not of 
the same caliber as last weekend's much-bal lyhooed Washington 
lnvitational. 

UCSD (28-7) has lost only once in Division III play - last 
weekend to top-ranked and defending national champion Wash-
ington University (MO). 

Overall, UCSD is 14-1 in Division III competition. 
Scheduled to appear along with host Occidental are Colorado 

College, CSU San Bernardino, and Menlo College - which 
shocked the Tritons in last year's regional playoffs. 

Ifall goes according to pl:m, UCSD should sweep right through 
the tourney, and be primed and ready for a possible rematch with 
Washington in the N'CAA playoffs, which begin Nov. 9 . 

- DANA CHAIKEN and PETER KO 

W.SOCCER 
Continued from page 12 
even in the last regular-season 
game, could mean that Ur:::SD 
would not receive a regional bid-
even though the Tritons are ranked 
third in the nation. 

It is a matter of geographics, 
since several Minnesota schools 
have three losses and are waiting 
to receive news ofa UCSDfalling-
out, or down, as the case may be. 

Those people will probably be 
searching for a place in the back of 
the closet to store their boots sooner 

HALLOWEEN 

than they had hoped, as UCSD will 
probably crash their Midwest-
dominated party. 

The Tritons are currently on a 
five-game winning streak, and al-
ready own a 3-\ victory over 
CSUSB this season to go with two 
3-0 shutouts of the Coyotes last 
year. 

The only chance that the Tri-
tons might cater to the Minneso-
tans' desires lies in their recent 
injuries. 

The list now includes Joanne 
daLuz and Cheryl Parker- one of 
the team's leading scorers - who 
are both out with knee injuries. 

COSTUMES 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 13 

SWEET: Nominated for NCAA President 
Continued from page 12 
ally led to the presidency , though 
not in Sweet' opinion. 

" As secretary- treasurer, I truly 
didn't believe the opportunity to 
be president was open to me," 
Sweet confessed. "Mainly because 
there had been no president from a 
Division III school before, nor a 
woman president in the past." 

From all historical indication , 
Sweet will set precedents in both 
of those categories. 

Only in 1983, the first year 
nominations were accepted from 
the floor, was an endorsed candi-
date not voted in at the convention. 
No officer candidate has ever been 
turned down in the elections where 
each of the members have one vote. 

'" lik:: to be positive, but I'm 
not making any assumptions," 
Sweet said about what most con-
sider a virtual certainty. 

Though volunteering for a 
so mewhat time consuming, 
nonsalaried position, Sweet main-
tains iI will have little effect on her 
standing at UCSD. 

"My commitment is first and 
foremost to UCSD," she said. "[f I 
have to travel a lot, thenljust have 

to work twice as hard to take care 
of my responsibilities. 

"The work load [of traveling, 
correspondence. and conference 
calls] might actually be lighterthan 
in the past two years, because [will 
be on fewer committees." 

While losing duties on commit-
tees ,Sweet wil1 gain the president 's 
responsibilities of running the 
conventions and presiding overthe 
Executive Council meetings. 

This won ' t be the first time that 
Sweet has been "the first woman 
ever to ... " as she has been on the 
culling edge since she started. 

After completing a double ma-
jor in Physical Education and Math 
from Wisconsin in 1969, and a 
master's of science in Education at 
University of Arizona in 1972, 
Sweet was hired at UCSD as a P.E. 
instructor and also coached men 's 
and women's badminton in 1973. 

She continued in those capaci-
ties in 1974, doubling as assistant 
athletic dir~ctor before becoming 
I he first woman to head both men 's 
and women 's athletics in 1975. 

"I was eager. Once I had a taste 
of intercol1egiate administration, I 
found it challenging," she recalled. 

" I knew I could make a mark for 
UCSD:' 

Once the NCAA merged men 's 
and women 's athlelics, which was 
not greeted with tOlal enthusiasm 
by cither side, the doors for women 
in administration began to open. 

Sweet explained that the NCAA 
governance wanted to fully inte-
grate women into the association, 
but that skeptics felt it was a token 
gesture. She feels the CAA has 
maintained its focu in meeting 
their commitment, but " that didn ' t 
mean the NCAA had to allow for 
women to get to the presidency." 

She admits feeling pressure to 
perform in the NCAA's highest 
role and thinks " it is important for 
me to do a good job. !fnot, it might 
limit the opportunities that might 
be opened by me being elected to 
(his position." 

But that isn ' t her real focus, in 
this time when what is termed " the 
reform package" is coming before 
the convention. 

" My hope, if elected, is to work 
with all three divi sions to make 
wise decisions in the best interests 
of intercollegiate athletics and 
higher education," she said. 

M. SOCCER: On the brink of the playoffs 
Continued from page 12 
this weekend against the Division I Gulls. 

USIU should probably provide UCSD with a 
good warm-up for next weekend' sNCAA playoffs. 

Last eason, UCSD barely escaped with a \ -0 
overtime victory over the Gulls. 

Of course, everything is academic if the Tritons 
fail to receive a tournament bid. 

With a 14-2-1 record, and the top ranking in the 
Far West Region, UCSD would seem to be a lock 
for one of what is expected to be two spots granted 
to the Far West. 

But Armstrong stated earlier in the week that he 
is not taking anything for granted, and he is not 
willing to chance a potentially ruinous third loss. 

Armstrong noted that, with the additional loss , a 
case could be made for Claremont (ranked third in 
the Far West), which the Tritons tied 0-0 earlier this 
season, to receive the bid in UCSD's place. 

Among the changes to look for Sunday is an 
attempt to juice up the volatile, but sputtering, 
offensive attack. 

Also, Armstrong said he would like to return 
Mike Lodoen to his normal midfield spot, and find 
someone else to replace the injured Mike Alberts at 
forward. 

Rimas UzgirislGuardian 
UCSD is heading for an eighth straight playoff bid. 

So You're 
Planning To 

Get Married . 
Contact Marilyn 
Hansen of Wedding 
Associates jor 
reliable resources 
and referral 

... at flO cos, 
10 you! 

528-2208 
~ III l ,1111 I Ill' lIcl klJ 

IIlIt' .j n() 
I )'1 \ Illc, 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

ZebrraCopy 
The ··Othe"'· Copy Center 

11,* Self-Serve Mocs 
"'" Word processing 
11,* Desktop Publishing II. Typewriters 

Expert Rssistance /lvailab/e 
••••••••••• ••••••• •••• 

25% Off : 
• I:. 

All Macintosh S rvicesl : 
• 
• 

-



14 

Amy's ALL-WET 
TUBE-POLO selections 

AA 
1.SWIM FAGS 
2. TUBE STEAK 
3. GElTlNG TUBED 
4. POKING EUPHORIA 
5. DEJA VU 

REC. 
3-0 
3-0 
3-0 
3-0 
2-1 

GAME OF THE WEEK: Suncay night (10·28) - 6:45pm, 
Pokmg Euphoria vs Tubesteak 

A 
1. GUNS AND HOSES 
2. JUST DOING IT 
3. WE GOT JACKED 
4. SOGGY CORNFLAKES 
5. CROM'S MINIONS 
6. SIDNEY'S ALBACORE 
7. MUTANT SQUIDS 
8. MENAGE A TUBE 
9. FLOATING HIGHONES 
10. KOOKS ON PARADE 

REC. 
3-0 
3-0 
3-0 
3-0 
3-0 
3-0 
3-0 
3-0 
2-0 
3-0 

GAME OF THE WEEK: Sunday night (1 0·28) - 1 0:30pm, 
Unex vs Menage A Tube 

3-0N-3 BASKETBALL 
Yes fans, basketball is back. As Michael Jordan and the rest of the NBA 

and college stars embark on another sure to be fasinating season , UCSD 
hoopsters have already reached mid-season form on Sunday evenings in 
Triton Pavilion and The Rec Memorial. 

Basketball is off to one of ~s finest starts in years with all leagues running 
at full capacity, and 10 teams chomping at the bit on the waiting list. 

See what a winninng Intercollegiate team does for those basketball 
junkies on campus? Well, let's not go that far. Ahem! 

At first glance even Richard" I'm a Dick" Vitale said that our top AM 
league was a little down. However, the Bud Man disagrees. 

AHhough graduation annexed some of our finest players, there still 
remains a stout and sturdy bunch. With the likes of Dan Troy , Pete Selleck 
(hardship case) , Brett Leanord, and 
new comer Brad Halte, the Boys 
look like the team to beat. But in 
such a well rounded league any-
thing could happen. 

In AA the title IS up for grabs. The 
play has definitely risen at this level, 
with numerous teams having a shot 
at the title. The early favorite Big 
Dogs, conslsllng of free agents Ja-
son Thomas, Steve Dunmeyer, and 
Marc Arnoldussen will be tough to 
beat. 

But, don't give up on the wo 
Homey Don't Play That teams. One 
will be there in the end. 

Finally, the everso pesky A group. 
It's really 100 early to pick a clear 
favorite However, guys I wouldn't 
:et looks of a team be deceiVing. 
Because there IS one pretty scrappy 
bunch of women out there, Hula 
Hoops who will bring it at you. 

AAA 

Dick Vitale's 
TopS 

1.The Boys 7·1 
2. Reverse Toe Jam 3·1 
3.Alr While Trash 5·3 
4.Smack5·3 
5.Shut Up And Dance 4-4 

AA 
1.Blg Dogs 8·0 
2.An Inch Above The Rim 8·0 
3.PII Bulls On Crack 8-0 
4.Strange Atractlons 8·0 
5.Homle Don't Play That 7,1 

A 
1 Hot Rod Makes How Much 8·0 
2.No Pump, No Game 6·2 
3LGBNAF6-1 
4.Swizzle Asylum 6·2 
5. Here's That Jewish Guy Again 5·3 

[ The Bud Page Is a paid advertlsine feature of Coast Distributing Co. 

The U D Guardian Friday, Octob r 26, 1990 

FOOTBALL TIDBITS 
The highest scoring team in 1M this year 0 far is Chutzpah who are averaging 37.5 points 
a game in Coed Football and have scored 112 points this year. Wow! That's pretty 
offensive ............ The best defen ive team? Try the Went For Two. Believe it or not, out 
of the 150 teams playing 1M football this year they are the only team that has not allowed 
a ingle point this year .......... They ay that UCSD has no football pirit. That can ' t be true. 
You hould see the ize of the crowds out at the 1M fields on Fridays for the' AAA' football 
games. Notre Dame doe n't pack 'em in that much ........... L ast year's ' AAA' champ 
Fogcutters and runner-ups SAE are a combined 1-4 this year. Looks like a changing of the 
guard ............ The big and powerful 'Bushman' in Men's 'AA' have lost a game. Ha Ha, 
they till may be moved up to the 'AAA ' play-offs ............... Rumor has it that the 
quarterback on the M en's 'A' team e so's is being looked at to replace Billy Joe Toll iver 
by the Chargers. I can't believe it! The guy's got 40 year old knees and is as mobile as a 
mobile home. But he does have a gun so maybe? ............. B ig favorites in Coed The Ball 
Gang barely won last Sunday. The big upset was averted by one of the weetest move ever 
by All-1M star Deekla M arshall. She j uked some guy so bad he lost his jock.. ......... Remember 
play-offs will begin on the weekend of November 10 & 11. In the M en's divisions the top 
half of each league will qualify for the play-offs. In The Coed division, we will take the two 
top finishers in each league and group them together in a play-off and the 3rd /4th place 
fini her in eachJeague and group them in their own play-off. 

BudMan's FOOTBALL RATINGS 
MEN'S AM COED As o/Oct. 21 
1. YORK HUNT CLUB 3-0 1. BALL GANG 
2. CHOCOLATE CITY 3-0 2. CHUTZPAH 
3. BIG AL'S SOLDIERS 2-1 3. R ASS ON THE LINE 
4. SHOOKIES 2-1 4. JOCKS & BROADS 
5. SIG EPS 2-1 5. WENT FOR TWO 
6. SAE 1-2 6. CORLEONE'S 

7. HERSHEY IN THE HOOCH 
MEN'SM MEN'S A 8. WE KICK BALLS 
1. GET AGRIP 3-0 1. ANAL BIRTH "'-" 3-0 9. BLUE MANDRILS 
2. SCRUBS 3-0 2. AN~ ArreRBIRTH 3·0 10. U AIN'Y NOBODY 
3. TAKE IT DEEP 3-0 3. NO IiATS BUD 3-0 
4. COLLECTIVE ACTION 3-0 4. THE CUTTERS 3-0 WOMEN 
5. HO BASHERS 
6. SLAMING SIGS 
7. BADNAD 
8. BIG HOSS 
9. STACKIN' BONE 
10. BEAVER HUNT 

3-0 5. DEAD CREW 3-0 1. CAROLYN WHO? 
2-0 6. FLESH EATING WOMBATS 3·0 2. LOST IN A FOGG 
2-1 7. PREMO. VIOLENCE 3-0 3. MEAN MACHINE 
2-1 8. SOMF 2-1 4. SUGAR & SPICED 
2-1 9. SADDAM'S FLYERS 2-0 
2-1 10. CSO'S 3·0 

OVER -THE-LINE 
RANKINGS 
1 Le Trois Juene Garcons (6-0). Means "Been here forever" 
2 The Studs (6-0)- Playing their name thus far 
3 FVVRRTT (4-1)· One loss In toughest league 
4 Stat Mongers (3-1 )- Where's Natal? 
5 Stone liands (3-1)- No kidding 
6 Grass on the Infield (4-1)- Untested in weak league 
7 PUfih-N-Puli (4-2)- Can Nano carry the squad? 

2-0 
3-Q 
3-Q 
3-Q 
3-0 
3-Q 
3-Q 
2-0 
3-Q 
3-Q 

2-0 
2-0 
1-1 
0-2 

This is what a sport should be. No whistles, no refs, no arguing. Just pure, lazy entertainment. That 
is what Over-the Line is all about. And we've brought it all to Pryatel field, minus the sand.(Sorry guys, 
you 'll j ust have to keep chasing the balls.) With one more week of competition left before playoffs, 
there will be some intense battles out there as teams around the .500 mark try to battle their way 
into the AA playoff bracket. The playoffs/ tournament will begin on Saturday, Nov. 3 at 1:00 pm and 
may cont inue on Saturday, Nov. 10 at the same time. Both the A and AA brackets will be double 
eliminat ion. All teams should show up at 1 :00 pm for the tounament with a bat, cooler, sunblock and 
even a BBQ if they want. Hopefully, we can make t his a tournament atmosphere. 

Going into the final week, only two teams remain unbeaten. Pete Zaayer, Ken Golovko and Rob 
Barnett of E Trois Juene Garcons are In their fifth years and stili looking for their first 1M t itle. This 
could be the year. Brian Andrew's The Studs look good also with their punch and judy swlne&. If Nano 
Sacay can get some support, Push·N·Puli could push and pull their way to a title. 

In the A division, watch out for the women. Night Boogers and The Ruthless Babes are scaring 
guys with t heir defense. With a little offense, these teams could sneak away with a title. 


