
UCSD Clips .......................... 2 
Opinion ................................. 4 
Features ............................... 8 
Arts & Entertainment.. ........ 10 

Beyond 
'La Bamba' 

Sports ................................. 24 Los Lobos plays at Starlightl10 

University of California, 
San Diego 

UCSD Named in Lawsuit 
For Falsified Study Results 
• Researcher allegedly altered data to obtain grants 
By Jennifer Meadows 
Staff Writer 

Government attorneys have 
named UCSD in an amended law-
suit that charges an ex-UCSD re-
searcher with falsifying reports to 
obtain federal grant money both here 
and at the University of Utah. The 
lawsuit was filed on Oct. 2. 

John L. Ninnemann, the accused 
researcher, worked at UCSD from 
1984 to 1988, after transferringfrom 
the University of Utah. In 1988 he 
left his position as an associate ad-
junct profes or of surgery. 

J. Thomas Condie, Ninnemann's 
former lab manager at the Univer-
sity of Utah, filed the original law-
suit last year. The original lawsuit 
had accused Ninnemann of falsify-
ing research results only at the Uni-
versity of Utah. 

"Specifically, we are accusing 
Ninnemann of falsifying data that 
he used not only in publications, 
like journals, but also on the appli-
cations he sent for grants from the 
National Institute of Health (NIH)," 
Condie said. 

Condie said he first became 
suspicious of the researcher while 
working with him at the lab in Utah, 
when Ninnemann would make 
statements at conferences and 
meetings about his findings which 
were inconsistent with what Condie 
knew to be true from his own par-
ticipation in the studies. 

Such events led Condie to com-
pare Ninnemann's raw data and re-
search information to the published 
data. 

"There was falsification, number 
shaving, total fabrication, every type 
of thing you can imagine," Condie 
said. 

Ninnemann allegedly used the 
falsified research done at the Uni-
versity of Utah to obtain additional 
grant money while at UCSD, ac-
cording to Condie. 

Ninnemann and both universities 
are being sued under the False 
Claims Act. This suit represents the 
first instance of the government at-
tempting to use the act to take back 
grant money obtained by scientists 
under false pretenses, Condie said 

According to Condie, the act 
would allow him to receive 15 to 25 
percent of any funds recovered by 
the federal government. 

UCSD was aware that 
Ninnemann's research results at 
Utah had been questioned, Condie 
said. 

"When Dr. Ninnemann left the 
University of Utah, he had 
proceedings against him by the Col-
lege of Medicine, and in the course 
of those proceedings they found ir-
regularities in his data publications. 
So to satisfy the University of Utah, 
and to avoid a formal investi-
gation, Ninnemann had to agree to 
certain requirements that the Dean 

of College Medicine specified," 
Condie said. 

As part of the agreement to 
transfer Ninnemann's grant funds 
to UCSD, the NIH required that 
UCSD be informed of what had 
happened at Utah. One stipulation 
of the transfer of grant money was 
that the UCSD officials who hired 
Ninnemann had to oversee his re-
search, Condie said 

Condie contends that since these 
universities hired Ninnemann, he 
represented them. He also pointed 
out that UCSD officials signed the 
grant applications in question as 
factual. 

"We feel that they 're involved as 
much as if not more than 
Ninnemann," Condie stated. 

"Legal Counsel is reviewing the 
amended complaint and they really 
can 'tdiscuss it until they are prepared 
to respond," said Leslie Franz of the 
UCSD Communications office. 

Condie said that this incident 
illustrates a trend he has noticed in 
his dealings with universities since 
the availability of federal funds for 
research began to become more 
scarce. 

"The priority in hiring people 
has shifted away from people with 
good teaching skills, strong ethics 
and the ability to motivate students, 
to the individual who has the ability, 
one way or another, to bring money 
to the university," Condie said. 

A.S. Passes Resolution to Prompt 
Investigation into RIMAC Referendum 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Guardian Reporter 

The Associated Students Recreation/Intramural 
Athletic and Events Center (RIMAC) resolution 
authored by Vice President External Molly McKay 
was passed Friday by a final vote of 13-6, ending a 
month of deliberation by the A.S. council. 

The resolution asks that the administration respond 
to charges that election violations such as biased 
brochures occurred in last spring's RIMAC refer-
endum. It also asks the administration to allow more 
student input intO RIMAe. 

Additionally, the resolution requests that a student 
committee be formed to allow more student input on 
the RIMAC facility , because it will be partially 
funded by a $70 raise in quarterly fees as soon as the 
facility opens. 

According to Vice President Admini trative 
Ruben Duran, adoption of the resolution is pending 
the ignature of A.S. President John Edson. who was 
out of town attending a University of California 
Student Association conference over the weekend. 

Edson did veto an earlier version of the resolution, 
cuing a la k of student input. 

"John can veto fth current re olution] for any 

V.P. External Molly McKay 
reason," Duran aid, although he indicated that he 
did not think that would take place. 

At a even-and-a-halfhour meeting Wednesday 
night, the resolution was put to an open-roll vote 
because the ab ence of fou r members meant that the 
vote could hav~ ended in a ti if all ab ent members 
had voted again tit. 

•

- - . -&~~~-l" ;~. '. '-"! . ~ - -.-.. . - '-. SnOR':rS .'~ .' .' . --~ ~I~ ¥.'. • '. -.: ~"'-!Li' -'It'~"'7II' '!'. :,. .• ~ .. E;;I'·_"'" • J' , •• 'j...,. ••• -. ... ':" ~.,. • .;: 
Men's Soccer 
Beats Parsons 
West hits 2 penalty kicks/24 

MONDAY 
October 15, 1990 
Vol. 71 , No.9 

Rlmas 
Solar Communion - UCSO's famed Sun God leers 
suspiciously outward as it towers over the campus. 

Limitation on Maximum 
Units Proposed by CEP 
• Resolution, designed to decrease 
class size, opposed by A.S. council 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Guardian Reporter 

A resolution stating the Associ-
ated Students' council 's opposition 
to a proposed Maximum Unit 
Limitation was passed by consen-
sus a last Wednesday's A.S. meet-
ing. 

The Maximum Unit Limitation 
has been proposed by the UCSD 
Committee on Educational Policy 
(CEP) and submitted to the Aca-
demic Senate for approval. 

The proposed regulation restricts 
undergraduate students from taking 
more than 200 course units, requiring 
students to petition in order to do so. 
1be resolution does provide excep-
tion for engineering majors, how-
ever, allowing Revelle and Fifth 
college engineering students 240 
onits, and those of other colleges 
230 units. 

Units from advanced placement 
tests and the international bacca-
laureate program, as well as transfer 
credits not applicable to major or 
general education requirement • are 
not considered in the calculation of 
maximum units. 

Theregulationi meanttoreduce 
overcrowding in classes and to en-
courage UCSD students to graduate 
in les time. 

The A.S. resolution ugge t 
"thatCEPreviseit propo edpolicy 

to make an allowance that all UCSD 
students be allowed to take at least 
one 4-unit course outside of their 
major or minor, and one 0.5 [unit] 
Physical Education course, per 
quarter." 

The re olution objects to the 
limitations on the grounds that "the 
proposed [regulation], coupled with 
the existing UCSD Academic Sen-
ate' Minimum Progress ' regulation, 
will only result in additional undue 
stress being imposed on UCSD 
students. " 

1be resolution also charges the 
limitations with being "detrimental 
to some UCSD departments, par-
ticularly those which offer general 
interest courses as well as theatrical 
and musical performance courses 
which are open to all majors." 

Assi tant Student Advocate 
Bard-Alan Finlan, who wrote and 
proposed the resolution, predicts that 
science and engineering tudents 
will feel the main impact of a 
maximum unit limitation. Finlan 
said the propo ed regulation will 
limittheeducationa tudentreceives 
as well as limiting the student'S 
ability to bran h out. 

The proposal re tricts the "abil-
ity to participate, at least for credit," 
of tudents involved in performing 
group , Finlan said 

See RESOLUTION, page 7 



2 NEWS 

Quest International to Connect 
Students with Foreign Programs 

The Opportunities Abroad Office of the UCSD Inter-
national Center is preparing for its fifth annual "Quest 
International," to be held at the International Center on 
Friday, Oct. 19 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. 

Quest International will bring representatives from 
over 30 international programs to UCSD to meet with 
interested students, staff, faculty, and community mem-
bers. 

A wide vanety of U.S. university study abroad pro-
grams, including the UC's Education Abroad Program, 
foreign universities, intensive language programs, aca-
demic internship programs, volunteer work programs. 
and paid work abroad programs will be represented at the 
fair. These programs offer study and work options both 
during the academic year and during the summer months 
for students and community members. 

International employers will also be featured at the 
exhibit as many students who have tudy and travel 
expenences abroad are interested in pursuing interna-
tional careers after their graduation. 

As part of Quest, there will also be an international 
lunch from II :30to 1·30p.m. for$2.00. The lunch wil1be 
co-sponsored b) the Council on international EducatJonal 
Exchange and Council Travel. 

The event will be co-sponsored this year by the Oppor-
tunities Abroad Office, Career Services Center, Revelle 
Language House, and Fifth College. For additional in-
fonnatlOn, contact Bill Clabby or Catherine Gamon at 
534-1123, or stop by the Opponunilles Abroad Office. 

Native American Flutist to Perform 
Original, Adapted Compositions 

ativeAmericancultura1educatorandfluti tR.Carlos 
Nakai will appear for one performance only at 8 p.rn. 
Friday, Oct. 19, in the Mandeville Auditorium. 

General admission is $10, seniors $8, and smdents $6. 

Calvin and Hobbes 

The UCSD Guardian 

Tlckels are available from the UCSD B01l Office (434-4559) 
and from TicketMaster oUllet . 

Nakai will perfoml amll1gemenl~ of traditIOnal ative 
Amcncan musIc and selection~ of his own composItions. The 
Native American selections are melodies of th Plains and 
Woodland tribes. For hi~ perfonnances, he has adapted 
Toelodies from the Zuni, Blood, Lakota and Kiowa peoples. 
He perfonn on a hand-crafted cedar wood flute, whose sound 
has been described as "so soothing. it unwrinkles mind and 
soul. " 

Orchestra to Feature Lytle on Piano 
On Thursday the La Jolla Civic Umversity Orchestra will 

perfonn a free concert in the Price Center Plaza. The concert 
will be held outdoors, from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m., with seating on 
the Price Center lawn. The orche tra will feature Third Col-
lege Provost Cecil Lytle, who will play Rhapsody in Blue, and 
will also feature selections from Andrew Lloyd Webber's 
Evila, a Duke Ellington tribute, and much more. 

Refreshments will be available and there will be both lawn 
and chair seating available for senior citizens. For more in-
fonnation, contact Mordecai Potash at 534-0818. 

Info Session for Students Interested 
In Graduate Schools Planned for Today 

There will be representatives from graduate and profes-
ional schools including Stanford, UC Berkeley and 

Georgetown University at the Career Services Plaza today for 
students thinking about post-baccalaureate studies. 

The program, pon ored by Cateer Services, the Office of 
Graduate Studies & Research, and the School of Medicine, 
gives tudents the oppoltunity to gain first-hand knowledge 
about advanced degrees in a variety of fields. Representatives 
from more than 60 schools will answer questions from 11 a.m. 
until 2 p.m. 

Organization Encourages Cultural 
Connection South of the Border 

The UCSD Tijuana Cultural Connection will hold an initial 
planning meeting in the Price Center CoveRoolTI on Wednes-
day, Oct. 17 at 4:00 p.m. The meeting will begin with the 
presentation of "The New Tijuana," a documentary produced 
and co-written by KPBS producer Paul Espinoza. Gina Cord 
of the Tijuana Convention and Tourism Bureau will also 
provide information on possible future activities and events. 

Some of the activities and events the group may decide to 
pursue include an overnight camp-out at the Ensenada Hot 
Springs, social and sporting events with Tijuana college 

by Bill Watterson 

()\.\. G 8>.1 /l.l'P. 
of PI'S5,,£: 
EN\\o'RT"'IN~\E~\ 

&,,>,0'"' u;:Q", t.\\O. 
T\.\i DI';(C\<,Il/,-t-I T 
,MP,('ES .1.\ SVCI< 
Sl't.Et> ;.,s m Rt.~£ 

" . 0-. 

lItRE If IS 8 :00 
AAO 'f£ llto.'4E 'TO 
GO TO 8£1:) 
AlREPlDi . 

IN 101'- 11;00(,\\ ~ 
1t-\\'()<;<;\6l£ .' \~) 

~ f 
I M~ .. ~mIHG Filii.' 

W\\~TE.vtR MoM ~\l I».D 
(;IT -m {)of 

IUI l op L 
'J '" 

Monday, October 15, 1990 

students, and first-hand exposure to TiJuana 's pohucal 
structure and leaders. 

OtherpossibilitJe include attending and co-producing 
perf0l1l1anCeS and e1lhibns, particIpation In a Christmas 
party and distributIon of gifts to elementary school chil· 
dren, and VIsits to the five colleges in the Tijuana area. 

For more infonnation, contact Yolanda Garcia at 534-
1577 

Conference to Focus on Language, 
Learning for Deaf Children 

A conference bring11lg together teachers from deaf 
schools, national scholars, deaf parents and community 
members, and researchers who are interested in literacy 
among deaf children will be held al UCSD from Wednesday 
through Sunday. 

The conference will include an open forum for inter-
ested members of the public on Saturday from 9 to 10:30 
a.m. at the Graduate School of Intemational Relations and 
Pacific Studies, Room 3201. 

The forum will feature a dlstmguished panel of local 
educators including Thomas Payzant, superintendent of 
San Diego City Schools; Newton Hamilton, principal, 
Lafayette Elementary School: and Ken Randall, superin-
tendent, California School for the Deaf. 

The major topics of discussions at "Language, Learn-
ing and Culture for Deaf Children" will include literacy 
among deaf children, planning for change, and designing 
learning environments for deaf people. 

The conference is being sponsored by Third College in 
honor of its 20th anniversruy year and the Department of 
Communication, as well as Gallaudet University and the 
Greater Los Angeles Association of the Deaf. 

"Deaf children, like many other minority children, 
experience great problems achieving literacy in written 
English," said Carol Padden. a UCSD communications 
professor who is organizing the conference. 

"The traditional response to these problems has been to 
examine the relationship between deafness and reading 
processes," Padden said. "What is unique about this con-
ference is that it will open up the whole quc;stion of deaf 
learning to include issues having to do with culture, 
family, class and educational approacbes in helping deaf 
children gain literacy." 

ACCOrding to Padden, who is also deaf, the 40 partici-
pants of the conference will include a wide representation 
of teachers of deaf children who are also deaf, as well as 
professionals from elementary education, community ser-
vice, and specialists in language and literacy research. 

GU1{Skl)IAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, Managing Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, Opinion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, Associate Sports Edftor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Sports Editor 
JAMES COLUER, Design Editor 
REBEKAH DENN, Associate News Editor 
GREG DIXON, Associate Opinion Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMILTON, Associate News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, Associate News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, Associate Arts Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, Associate Arts Editor 
PETER KO, Associate Sports Editor 
JENNIFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Associate Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, ArtslEntertalnment Editor 
MEL MARCELO, Associate Graphics Editor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, Associate Features Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, ASSOCiate Photo Editor 
JULIE PUZON, Features Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Editor 
JASON SNELL, News Editor 
AlMAS UZGIRIS, Photo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, Associate Features Editor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, ArtslEnlertainment Editor 

BOB DeANDREA, Buslne •• "-rJIIfIer 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Milnager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising De.lllner 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Claulfled RepreHnt.tllle 
~ ",-1 .. ; 00l.\j ShaddIo 
AdllOfllolng AIIiIIIntI ; leanne Beion;IIO, Daruel caM. 800lla Makuct1. Paolo VlWladoIid 
Clreullllon: KIl S Wr.g , Jot lH 
1lIoUCSD_lspOOloheOUondris. --.odayt. nFridI\ .... q "" """,""vear", *Id 
1or""_~UCSD ~~""'_~""Iom\_n_orlnpafl. _ 
_ illItdIr~Clggo 1119*- 1lIoUCSOGAardln .... __ "''''' 
ram fA untOIald ~ or WI ThII~., exprllS«l k'I WII)I'Q rid IIgnId lIn«'Ior~ 
_dO ... ~,_""_~ 1lIoUCSD_ ""lkIIYorsIjllfCllcrnoa.","" 
_~T"'WIIh_ 

Editorial; 5U658O, Bu.inessOllice: 534-3466, Fax: 534·7691 
UCSD Guare/ion, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Monday, October 15,1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Beta Theta Pi Fraternity Appeals to IFC for Membership 
• Some fear that imbalance between UCSD fraternities and sororities is already too great 
By Debbie Rosenthal 
Staff Writer 

MembersofUCSD's Beta Theta 
Pi fraternity approached represen-
tatives from UCSD fraternities at 
an Intrafratemity Council (IFC) 
meeting Tuesday night to appeal 
for acceptance into the IFe. The 
IFC is expected to announce its 
decision Tuesday. 

The Betas became an officially-
established student organization at 
UCSD in January, 1989 and have 
been trying to join the IFC ever 
since. They are affiliated with a 
national chapter and participate in 
traditional fraternity undertakings, 
such as fundraisers, philanthropy 
and social events, but because they 
are not a member of the ]FC, they 
have not been allowed to participate 
in IFC sporting events and have 
been asked not to participate in Rush 
Week orto wear their leners around 
campus. 

Although the IFC has no official 

jurisdiction over Beta Theta Pi, the 
fraternity has complied with all the 
IFC's requests due to theirde ire to 
become a part of the IFe. 

"We're not here to threaten any-
one,"saidJaeKim,memberofBeta 
Theta Pi . "We want to be on good 
teons with everyone." 

"We've been following all their 
rules," added Anthony Davi, Presi-
dent of Beta Theta Pi, "but so far we 
haven' t gotten anything back yet." 

The]FC has adopted an "expan-
sion policy" to promote the growth 
of the Greek system on campus 
through an orderly process. Other 
recently-fonned fraternities gained 
immediate acceptance into the IFC 
because they joined before this 
policy was established. The Betas 
are going through the official IFC 
process, but they have been waiting 
for over a year to see results. 

"We seem to keep getting put 
off," Davi said. 

Beta Theta Pi is not the only 

fraternity in this predicament. Phi 
Gamma Delta has also expressed a 
desire to have an official chapter on 
the UCSD campus, but they have 
been equally unsuccessful. 

In order tojoin the IFC,in accor-
dance with the expansion policy 
and IFC regulations, any applying 
fraternity must receive a two-thirds 
vote from the presidents of all the 
on-campus fraternities. 

Previously, Bela Theta Pi at-
tempted to meet with Greek organi-
zations on an indi vidual basis to 
become familiar with its peers and 
explain in a less fonnal manner what 
they want to do and why. But the 
IFC and PanheLlenic Council (for 
sororities) instructed their respec-
tive groups not to allow the Betas to 
speak to their members. 

Because these organizations are 
official members, they are required 
to obey rules laid out by the Greek 
councils. 

One reason the IFC has refused 

the Betas admittance, according to 
Kim, is that the Betas do not have 
enough members. The Betas, how-
ever, see this argument as a catch-
22: they remain small because they 
refrain from participating in rush, 
butthe reason for their negligence is 
that the IFC has requested it. 

Also, Beta Theta Pi is a strong 
fraternity on the national level, and 
there is speculation that because the 
Greek system at UCSD is less pow-
erful than on many other college 
campuses, adding a new fraternity 
with a forceful national background 
may be harmful to some of the 
weaker fraternilies already in e1list-
ence, Kim said. 

"Some of the fraternities that 
aren't doing as well ... are afraid 
they rnight disappear [in the face of 
increased competition for new 
rushees]," Davi explained. 

But the most pressing issue re-
garding the admittance of a new 
fralernity into the IFC is the fact thai 

there are already more than twice as 
many fraternities than sororities at 
UCSD. Members of the ]FC are 
hesitant to add another fraternity 
and further increase this disparity. 

The Betas believe that this prob-
lem can be overcome as well. 

"In tennsofthe numberof people, 
it's probably about equal, or~three­
quarters to one," said Jae Kinl , re-
ferring to the fact that the sororities 
have a larger number of individual 
members than the fraternities on the 
whole. 

The Betas also claim they are not 
concerned with this aspect of being 
in the IFC. They are willing to forego 
official exchanges with UCSD s0-
rorities, at least initially. 

"We can exchange with SDSU 
and UCI sororities,"said Kim, ex-
plaining that the UCSD Betas have 
already participated in joint events 
with Betas on other campuses. 

IFC president Craig Peters was 
unavailable for comment. 

GUARDIAN Internship Program Tonight, 7 p.m. San Francisco-
Santa Cruz Room 

Price Center 
PNL GRUEN, EdIIar In CI*I 
AOIIt MACLEAN, .. ...,.., EdIIar 
YOUR NAME, ~ EdIIar 
... _ yall .. Ad ...... 

The internship is a fun way to meet people and learn a little about journalism. 
The program is run by Seth Slater, former Guardian editor in chief and La Jolla 
Ughtstaffwriter. Seth's sidekick, former Guardian managing edijor Dave Wyner, 
will make sure things are wild and wacky. Be there! 

You could be here .. But you're not, and instead you're reading this ad. You could work for the Guardian and get great practical experience at 
a university that prides itself on theory. A degree is fine, but there's no substitute for experience. There's no substitute for the Guardian. 

r.-----------:-, 110% OFFI 
1 to all students 1 1 wlh cash purchase 1 

Exp. 10/22/90 .I L __________ _ 

Wednesday 
thru Friday: 10am-7pm 
Saturday: 10am-6pm 
Sunday: 12pm-5pm 

Factory Outlet 
Clothing Sale 
CLOTHING 
50-90% 
BELOW RETAIL 
• Tweeds 
• Bill Blass 
• Calvin Klein 
• Limited Express 

• APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE. 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 

Miramar, Callfomla 
(619)~450-3323 

• bindery 
• resumes 
• announcements 

• FAX service 
• reports 
• desktop publishing 
• 1 -4 color printing 
• photo copies 

Hours: 

1tfJA {}/~elJfI.~t 
(Students/Faculty) 

Mon - Fri 8:30 - 6:00 
Sat 11:00 - 3:00 

7770 Regents Rood Suite 111 (619) 546 - 7885 FAX (619) 546 - 7892 

COFFEE It Oll~ 
«\ 
~~ORO ~~~ 

c, 
• Quiche • Oanishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads • Gourmet Coffee 

') 
• Fresh Breads • Homemade Soups 

Need a Nice, Quiet Place To Study? 
How About Coming Over to Our House. 
OPEN 7 AM - 5 PM· 7 Days a Week· 481-8590 

1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 
(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 



OPINION 
4 OPINION f The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 15, 1990 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN. Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN, Managing Editor 
JASON SNELL, News Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Editor 

rltt UCSD GuordilJll is published ttuee limes a week &t the Unlvcrsity of California. San DieIO. 
Contents el990. Vtcwscxpcusccl hcnin reprtSCft1 the majorityvotcoflhc:cdilOrial boIrd.and 1ft: not 
neoc...nly_ oflhe uc _orR ....... the ASUCSD. norlhecntire a_diG..wr. 

MINI-DORMS 

A Matter of Discrimination 
The future ofviable and reasonably affordable off-campus 

housing for students is in grave danger, as the "mini-donn" 
controversy grows with intensity every day. 

A legal battle is brewing in City Hall. On one side, irate 
neighbors and legislators are screaming for ordinances on 
everything from defining the word "family" to placing limits 
on the number of non-related individuals allowed to live in a 
single-family dwelling. On the other side, struggling students 
are arguing for a fair and unrestricted opponunity to live 
wherever they please at a price they can afford. 

Off-campus housing in and around San Diego is not cheap, 
but, dollar-for-dollar, it sure beats living on campus. UCSD 
students seeking to live off-campus are confronted with the 
problem of finding someplace close, but reasonably priced. 
La Jolla and University City are quite close to campus, but rent 
in those areas is extremely high. Three or four students will 
generally get together to find a place to share and help reduce 
the costs of living. 

The essence of the mini -dorm controversy is this: Residents 
of University City and La 1011a don't like students. Students 
are loud, they party too much and they keep their neighbors 
awake until all-hours of the morning. 

At least, that's what they say. 
"How do we rectify the problem?" the residents ask. Easy. 

If you can't shut the students up, get rid of them. After all, 
"students are suspect." 

How do you do that? Pass a law. 
This is where the problem gets exceedingly complex. The 

very thought of legislation mandating where cenain classifi-
cations of people mayor may not live is ludicrous. Legally 
defining a family is ridiculous. Fining people for not having 
the proper number of bathrooms per two individuals in a 
household is ridiculous. 

But if some proposed legislation passes the City Council, 
the ridiculous will become reality. 

Deputy Mayor Abbe Wolfsheimer believes she has come 
up with a magic solution by redefining the meaning of "single 
residence." Backed by " noble" intentions, Wolfsheimer is 
trying to weed out a few bad apples by dumping the whole 
barrel. Wolfsheimer seeks to bypass the legal quagmire of 
defining a family by declaring renting to be a business and 
banning businesses in !.ingle-home areas. 

But Wolfsheimer is shotgunning a problem that requires a 
sniper rifle. If her plan succeeds, not only are students out in 
the cold, but so are senior citizens and others who might be 
sharing a residence on a fixed-income. That's the way you 
alienate a huge chunk of your constituency. 

Funhermore, Wolfsheimer 's ordinance will open a 
Pandora's Box of problems. Rent will skyrocket, making it 
vinually impossible for students to live near campus at all. 
Practical, low-income housing will be all but eliminated, and 
students will find themselves travelling greater and greater 
distances in order to get to campus. 

When regulations are placed upon who can live where, a 
dangerous precedent is set for both residents and landlords. 
Regulations stifle the free-market. Under the proposed leg-
islation, a large family could live in a house that two students 
couldn't even rent. Landlords with houses to rent will have a 
hard time finding people to live in them. Apartment owners 
will be flooded with applications and be able to charge 
exorbitant amounts for rent. 

Wolfsheimer claims that unrelated adults who live to-
gether do not have "fundamental status" under the California 
or United States Constitution. This is the most ridiculous 
claim of all. To as ertthat particular individuals have no rights 
and may told where they may and may not live is a gross and 
laughable display of ignorance. The United States Constitu-
tion - the supreme law of the land - does. not pick and 
choose. Nor does the Constitution make exceptions to unre-
lated adults who choose to live together. 

Wolfsheimer can caB it whatever she likes, but students 
can see her plan for what it really is : discrimination. 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

Israelis Not to Blame 
• Jerusalem would rather have their people . safe 
than on the front pages of the wertd's newspapers 
By z.ctwy BtnnIn, CcnIIfbcJtIng OpInion ..".,. 

In 19671srad badjust finisbMita1bird war. 
They bad been ba:d iUIO war ODO too many times 
and decided somahiog bad to be done to ptevePI a 
fourth one. There 'NCR oenain RfPoos woo in the 
war which WCRI of p8!8lDOUDl **lie imponaDce. 
ICeepins cbeee areas would panmteenot only 
security but could be used in trade for ~ 

Little did IsnId ~!bat Jordan was more than 
happy to let tbcm keep the land. For years the Welt 
Bank: bad been a source of trouble for Jordan. The 
frequent riocs there were usually quelled by sending 
jeep IJlOI.IJBd machine guns to the area to fire into 
the crowd. In fact. Israel bad done Jordan a faVQf. In 
the end, no peace treaty was made. 

What bas turned out to be a headaclJe for Isracl 
ironically bas been a goJdmine for the press. 1snIc1 
was now stuck with the troublesome rioters and the 
press was reaping daily headlines. They loved it 

At 3:30 a.m., on a working day, 4,000 Palestin-
ians gathered on Temple Mount. 'Ibey oolIccted 
rocks,l:xlulcbs and bottles realizing some of their 
own would be killed, but also~ they 
despentely needed the beedljOCS. In the eod it 
would not maner, because the ooes who died woukl 
become martyrs. 

They knew tile police would bave ..... In .... 
they had planned 011 Ibis and it would be III tbe 
better for die Palestinians 0Ia apin, 1bc front 
pages of the ncwepapers would be JiaeNd wid! 
bloody Palestinians ftasbiDl the vidory sip tnm 
1M back of III ",nb"lalXltl 

When the sun came up, !bey wailed for tbe 
crowd of Jews to come and pray. After all, it WIlt • 
holy day forthe Jews. Once the number of w0rship-
pers pw large enough, they &aarted to attack. 

.Meanwhile, another mob of PaJestiniant c:loIecl 
the gaa at .. Temple MouDtpo1icoaioa, .... 
ttappin& die guardI. They bumed Ihe IIatioo 
Icnowing tile only way the ... could 0IC8JIC 
would be 10 sboot. 

When it WII over, Ibcre wae 19 Ptlr;srinims. 
dead and the JRIS WIll once apia publiciziDa Ibeir 
suuggIe. To them, this WIll a pric» woa1b JIIYiaI to 
get on the pages of tile U.s. news. 

By the end of the day all thaa Janaincd II tbe 
Temple Mount were bundmis of IarBe bouIders,_ 
footage the U.S. news would never show. 

It is like III unspoken qreement between the 
press and the Palestinians. A trade. Headlines for 
lives. And 10 reaUy sweeten the deal, we'll make 

You 100\ like the beIpless undeIdop and generate 
favorable wodd opinion for you. 

It. Israel,to blame? Sbould they tnIde lives for 
good pas.? What if die bcadIinea read "Fifteen 
lDe1i 0ti:RaS Sroned To Death At Wall?" .1srael 
could bave these beadlines. They could make 
tbcmselves the victim insIead of the aggressor. AD . 
they would have to do is SI8nd by and let their 
citizens be killed. 

Fonunate1y Israelis doIl't suffer from the 
"Martyr S)'lldrOme." They would rather have their 
people safe Ibm on the pqes of the Los Angtles 
Times. This is lbeircrime. 

"Is Israel to blame? Should they 
trade lives for good press? What if 
the headlines read 'Fifteen Israel, 
Citizens Stoned To Death At Wall?' 
Israel oouJd have these headlines. 
AIItheywou1d have to do is standby 
and let their citizens be kiDed.· 

Tbe IQIin objection ...... faces is lack of 
__ ar. .JlIcbr after thisiDcldeDt, Bush went 00 
DIIlionIl tekMIioa and said. ''1bey need to use 
more ....... n WhIt people fail to IMlize II they 
do try to ... ftIIIIminL Unfonunately, tbeae,. comes • 
pod wbcn lOY more ~ will resW.t in deItb. 
You don't ale teICraim for nv. 

The ImIeli ~ ii DOt atupid. 1'bey!mow 
thIl evtIlJ rime they .oooc. Paleltinian tbey'AI 
pIayina riJbt into die Palestinians' plans. At tint 
NIIDiot II ......... But what do you do when a 
molt of a tbos"Nllld JICClIIIo w c:omioa. you. and 
..... ooly seems to ... them_1 

Maybe one day wol1_ • poIidcaJ CtU100n in 
wbldt a mob of alhouaaad nx:k., knife, and boUle-
widdiD& PI!eatlnlana are urouodin, eipt lsrIeli 
poIicemeD yelling, "use I'CI1IIim. "It will DOt be in • 
U.s. ......... 

MIl)'1Ie the IOIution it tor IanIeI to allow their 
cltiDaa 10 die. To aDow tbcir police to be beaIen to 
deIIb. Would world opinion of Ibem chanp? 
Maybe. Maybe not. The pnu bill already decided 
tbey WIDt III '"underdog strivin, apinst repressioo" 
story. It sure seJ1a papers. ADd hracl hIlS decided 
human lives are worth more than headlines. 

Monday, October 15, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Soviet Summer: An Enlightening Experience 
• Remembering a summer of curiosity and unexpected discovery in the Soviet Union 
By Melinda Hamilton 
Associate News Editor 

It was a dream come true. 
Over the past four years, I have 

become extremely interested in the 
Soviet Union. It started as a casual 
interest, bUI keeps growing stronger 

and stronger. 
Two years ago, the directors of a 

choir that I have been a member of 
for five years announced that our 
annual summer tour would be in the 
Soviet Union. 

After two years of preparation, 
we finally boarded the pilii'\\! in San 
lose. We had no idea of what was 
ahead, but we were prepared for 
anything. Or so we thought. 

What we were not ready for was 
the secondary school choir that 
greeted us at our hotel with bou-
quets of flowers and songs. Or the 
lunch in Moscow where Soviet vet-
erans protesting the Afghan conflict 
tried to stonn the restaurant. Or the 
laughter while trying to learn how to 
polka without mutilating my 
partner's feet Or the sobering reality 
of a concentration camp. Or the 
sound of our last note hanging in the 
air in Latvia's oldest cathedral after 
performing for a sold-out crowd of 
1,800. 

The videocameras and bugs in 
the hotel owned by the Communist 
Party were not that much of a sur-
prise, though. But the fact that there 
were also militia watching the hotel 
was defmitely unanticipated. 

I went expecting the trip of a 
lifetime, but that was the only thing 
that happened the way I expected it. 

The Soviet Union began to fasci-
nate me about four years ago. As 
opportunities to learn about it grew, 

so did my curiosity. 
When I was younger, I could 

never figure out why the two most 
powerful countries in the world could 
not work together. I decided that 
whatever the problem was with the 
governments, the people couldn't 
be too d.i fferent from us. 

I had the opportunity 10 test my 
hypothesis that summer in more 
ways than one. My trip proved to me 
that despite our differences we are 
very much alike. 

I met a lot of people and made 
several new friends. One of our 
guides in Tallinn was a 17-year-old 
ski champion. She invited me and 
three friends back to her house, where 
we met the rest of her family. Her 
room looked just like any other 
teenage girl's room, complete with 
photos of Don Johnson and other 
hunks. We discussed a variety of 
things, including driver's licenses 
and insurance with her and her par-
ents while Dr. Strange/ove with 
Estonian subtitles was on the T.V. 

In Riga. we attended a party 
hosted by the secondary school choir 
after we performed with them. We 
ate traditional latvian bread with 
honey, and drank flat Pepsi (sorry, 
no Coke in the Soviet Union). They 
tried to teach us how to waltz and 
polka and we taught them how we 
danced to really old rock music. 

Afterrnissing the last trolley back 
to our hotel, we walked a few miles 
through the streets of Riga at one in 
the morning with a few of our new-
found friends. 

When we arranged to meet them 
the next morning at the hotel before 
we left for Moscow, I was surprised 
when they told me I would have to 
meet them outside because they 
could enter the tourist hotel by in-
v itation only. 

Then there was that incident at 
the Arbat. As we were eating lunch 
on day, our American tour guide 
suddenly asked us to gather our 
things and move to the other side of 
the room, staying low and away 
from the windows. [ noticed that the 
waiters had begun to push tables in 
front of the staircase that was the 
entrance 10 the restaurant. What was 

I~SAT alld GMAT 

• Immediate test rauks 
• Analysis of Tat QaestioDS 

• lam Valuable Test-TakJoB Techolqlles 
• Fee of only $~.OO 

happening was not exactly clear, 
but I knew that I did not want to be 
involved. Suddenly the waiters 
started shouting and dropping chairs 
and bottles of champagne over the 
railings. 

The entire group of 62 Ameri-
cans ended up evacuating the res-
taurant by going through the kitch-
ens and down the fire escape. I do 
not remember how long it took for 
the buses to find us in that park 
across from the Samoan embassy; I 
just remember being worried about 
the strange people who kept ap-
proaching us. Several times we 
huddled in a large group to ward off 
groups of drunks who were eyeing 
us. All of this happened within our 
first hour in the city. 

We discovered later that the pro-
testors were veterans from the Af-
ghan war. lust as our government 
refused to aclmowledg~ our Viet-
nam vets, the Soviets cleny these 
people regular veteran benefits, such 
as preferred housing and proper 
medical care. 

On August 2, many of the vets 
took to the streets, getting drunk and 
protesting. The ones who tried to 
storm the Albat were not after the 
Americans inside; they just wanted 
to be served lunch. 

And then there were the faces of 
our audiences, which variedgreat1y 
and did not always accurately ex-
press what they were feeling. Our 
flfSt performance was fora Method-
ist congregation in Estonia that was 
made up mostly of older people. We 
perfonned for a sea of stony faces. 
A few of them got up and left in the 
middle of the show, offended that 
we would perform something like 
that in a sacred place like church. 
They were far outnumbered by the 
people who came in off the street to 
listen to us sing. At the end of the 
show, they all stood up and clapped, 
something that is unheard of in such 
a traditional church. 

Later that day, we perfonned in 
achildren'ssummercamp. The faces 
of the children lit up as we sang for 
them, even though they could only 
understand short translated sections 
of the show. We did not need words 

Join The Faculty Club! 

Membership in the 
Faculty Club is 

open to all faculty, 
staff and 

graduate students. 
You can 

start your membership 
in the Club for 

as little as $62.00. 
Members pay a 1 time 

initiation fee and 
monthly dues of $12. 

Members enjoy 
• Club charge privileges 

• Weekday breakfast 
and lunch service 

• Friday Happy Hour 
• Special member events 

Call Kelli McCoy 
at 534-1931 

for more information 
or to start 

your membership I 

to communicate as we played games 
with them and brought them pieces 
of gum and stickers . 

We sawall the traditional things, 
of course. I have seven rolls of film 
of all kinds of buildings, half of 
which I can not even remember thet 

maybe even to study abroad. I want 
to see people working together for a 
better world, one where we accept 
and appreciate each other's differ-
ences instead of allowing them to 
lead to connict A world where the 
leaders of the two most powerful 

"When I was younger, I could never figure out 
why the two most powerful countries in the 
world could not work together. I decided that 
whatever the problem was with the govern-
ments, the people couldn't be too different from 
us." 

names of. 
I do not need pictures to remem-

ber things like the line at 
McDonald's, the gorgeous Pea Pod 
Boys, or shaking Don lohnson's 
hand on the plane from Helsinki. 

countries can sit down and work 
together on larger problems, like 
taking care of their own problernsof 
homelessness and poverty. 

Someday I hope to go back, 

Maybe someday if the people 
really do lead, the governments will 
finally take notice and follow. 

UCSD FITNESS 
SPECIAL 

AND ONLY $20 PE. MONTH 
on a monthly basis 

STAIRMASTERS 
UFE CYCLES 

REEBOK STEPS 

AEROBICS 
NAunLUS-HOIST 
FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED .4 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

BEING-FIT® 
3968 Cloiremont Mesa Blvd. 

Cloi_. Sq-. Shopping C ....... .-r L. Wards·Behind Pat'. Sport 

483-9294 
Al.., in SDSU area 698-·1702. p....,. thi. ad and 1.0. 

Robert's Auto 

T 

VISA' 

German, Swedish 
Japanese Service 

• All Work FUlly Guaranteed 
• Factory-Trained Specialists 

(619)275-1132 
Mon.·Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 

• 

4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

---------------------

10% OFF 
on all repairs· with this coupon 

-E:tetpt motor and tranlm~,iol\ ou~rhaul. Not IJDlid with any other CO")JO'~ 



6 OPINION 

INJURED? 
Cycle Accident Law 

Protect Your Rights! 
• Free consultanl 
• Fast. aggressive representalion 
• Experience-results 
• No fee until we win your case 
• Judge ProTem 

S IMON & SIMON 
All ortll'ys At Law 

('all A!I"l'Iw~ ' MACE S. SIMON 
1·800-52·SIMON ~~ Iiolil" '1',,11 Fn',' 

"' -'Ti flj/ ." IU I)" 'f/" ( "1U 1I111 

CommelJlorating years of 

TUt: BATMAN .. 
The Comic Gallery 

4224 Solboo Aile 
Son Diego , CA 92117 

comer of Balboa 8< CIO"smont Dr 
- Next 10 Food Basket · 

(619) 483-4853 

675-B N, Broadway 
Escondido. CA 92025 

Country Comer ShoppIng CentE!( 
at Broadway & Woshing ton 

(619) 745-5660 

T he UCSD Guardian 

Guardian 
Goofed! 
Editor: 

A combination of slips in edito-
rial scrutiny, my foreign accent, and 
perhaps mechanical imperfection 
has resulted in unfortunate errors in 
the transcription of my interview 
with the Guardian (Oct. 8, 1990). 

To point out a few: 
I said that Saddam Hussein's 

historical claims were "spurious," 
not "serioUS. tt 

In qualifying my use of "Gulf 
countries," I referred to countries 
"along the eastern fringes of the 
Peninsula" and not "all the eastern 
hinges of the peninsula." 

TIle Ottoman hold on Kuwait, I 
indicated, was "precarious" not 
"vicarious ... 

I suggested that oil was an im-
portant commodity for Iraq, not 
"Kuwaiti oil." 

HasanKayaU 

HAIR DESIGNS 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(NexI 10 Vons) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Next 10 Pizza HUI) 566-6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPr. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURIST AVAILABLE 

Monday, O ctober 15, 1990 

rAE Apologizes 
Editor: 

As president of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, I am wri ling in response 
to the recent controversy about our rush posters. 

I would like to apologize for any offense that these posters have caused 
the sludents and community of UCSD. It was certainly not our intent to 
promote sexism in any way, and due to the protests, the posters have been 
removed from circulation and retired from any possible future use. 

While we did not consider the posters to be in bad taste, we are taking 
very seriously the concerns of those who do. 

Sigma Alpha Epsilon has always prided itself on positive community 
involvement and interaction. In response to the concerns from the UCSD 
conunw1ity, we are reacting in what we think is an acceptable manner. We 
can not take back having hung the posters, but we can ensure that nothing 
similar is posted again. 

We apologize to the Greek community for the negative publicity being 
received as a result of these allegations. 

Lance Ingalk 

Odintz's Fear is Justified 
Editor: 

In regards to Joshua Odintz's article, "Fear in Jerusalem" (Oct. 8, 
1990), having returned from the Education Abroad Program in Israel 
only three months ago, it may be easier for me to relate to what Odintz 
had to say than other UCSD students. I have seen and felt the fear that 
is a part of daily living in a country whose existence is constantly 
threatened. For the Israelis, fear is not limited to "this time," like it may 
be to the students who are there for a year. And yet, the people do 
continue their daily routines. When another threatening incident occurs, 
fearful reasoning is reinforced. As a direct consequence, the Palestinian 
demands for a homeland continue to be rejected. 

It seems Odintz's article was almost prophetically timed. With the 
passing of yet another clash between Israelis and Palestinians, more 
blood has been shed, and a settlement is that much further away. I agree 
thai the deaths of 19 Palestinians and the wounding of scores more is 
deplorable. However, I would maintain that the attack at Judaism's 
holiest site on a religious occasion is just as deplorable. Exploiting the 
Temple Mount, Islam's third-holiest site, forthe propagation of violence 
against Jews at the Western Wall desecrates both holy places and the 
tenets of the religions they represent. Once again, neither side remains 
blameless. The actions of Palestinians and Israelis alike has only served 
to further widen the rift between two peoples who must Ii ve as neighbors. 

As for the implications of this incident in relation to the current 
"Persian Gulf Crisis, " I believe that the dangerto Israel and to all soldiers 
stationed in the region has increased exponentially. It i~n't hard for a 
megalomaniac to convince himself of his invincibility. This man's 
delusions may soon find their way out of the mass media and into mass 
graves if the tensions are not relieved. 

Ory Sandel 

Keep Tho •• latter. Comingl 

~8\Jthetltlc ..... aMInt~ ... lng .......... ,. ....... ~ 
and... • ....... o-.oerloolllnt lie ........ c:o.. ~ ~ ~I~ 

I 
" ... a warm, party • 
atmosphere ... for I /'3 I 

serious pizza eaters ... " ~ (b • 
]ackWhke,Channe.110 ~q;~ I • 

....... : resllluranl critic 11f7}'<It:o 
M.II! 110m-Mid. '.t'rli/ - • 

• F·SaI.ll om· I"", Tired oifthe same 01' cardboard pizza? • 
, Sun. II :J()om 'f,IiJ 

~ L----- Call BJ's for gourmet quality, • 
• r------------r------------il • ! : $1!!.~!!. : $2!~!!: ! 
I I IJ/ea..wprc:;(:tIi CUUputl wbcr, urdering I PIeaS<:pT{...·'~.(mtcuupon w/}e.'110rden"8· I I 
• L _ ~J's Pizzeria, L2 JoUa ___ , ___ BJ't; Pizzeria, LaJo~ _.J • 
: 8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. 1..cljollaVilJageCetller 455·0662 : 
• 

{CSD~ (Jill/lilli/ f'lzzenll i:; sflllfbe be:;l.' • 
f:Jpf.u /// 15190 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

'Winner/SotChem ~_ Re.staurltnl tvrt.w A •• C'k«"AI Award. " 
lent food and serulCl~ 
Ramolll Mahajani 

Corporate ~(, T aj Group of Hotels, , India 
SpeciaNillng ' Tandoori (, ve9etad1ft.h~s. 

mild to hat y c urries (, delicioua lifyaOJes. 

Open 7 Days 
Lunch: 1 1 :30-2.30 
Dinner: 5:00 -9:30 

9/shOka 
CUISINE OF \Nov-. 

Reservations 454·6263 
Moderate Price · All major cr'" 

('ards lire accepted, 

8008 Girard Avenue, laJoIe 
(2nd ftoor comer of Io_r Girard and ~ St.) 

_ .. - - - - ~ - ------ -,.. - - - - - - - - - - - ---W 
I ENJOY ONE I BUFFET LUNCH I 
: DINNER FREE : ALL YOU CAN EAT : 
: WHENy~a~~o,:;~EONEOF : EveryDay $895 : 

EQUAL OR GREATER VALUE I $2.00 OFF I I WITH COUPON 
L Not ... Iod F.odor. Saturday, & Holidays Exp 11/29190, • exp. II/2919O . • -----------~------------- ... 

Monday, October 15, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Possible Development of Research 
Park for Industry Draws Criticism 
• UC land could be used for student housing, Edson says 
By Kent Korzon 
Senior Staff Writer 

Though long-range planners at 
UCSD expect 50 percent of all slu-
dents to live on-campus by 2005, 
A.S. President John Edson says that 
the university is building a science 
research park on land that could be 
better used for student housing. 

While the percentage of students 
able to live on campus wiU increase 
from the current 38 percent to 50 
percent by 2005 under UCSD's 
Long Range Development Plan 
(LRDP), student enrollment is also 
projected 10 increase to 20,000. 

Therefore, while the percentage 
of students living off campus will 
decrease, the overall number of off-
campus students will not decline. 

According to theLRDP, 30acres 
of land on the east side of Interstate 
5 are slated for the development of 
a science research park, for use by 
private industIy. 

"We argued in front of San 
Diego's City Council that building 
ascientific research park on campus 
isn't in the university's best inter-
est," Edson said. 

"The land on campus could be-
come student housing," he said. 

An August, 1983 report cited 

"declining" enrollment and finan-
cial support and the fact that "the 
need to augment dwindling re-
sources and to maintain and mod-
ernize the existing physical plant is 
increasing. " 

InhistloorstatementtotheHouse 
of Representatives, "Congressman 
William Lowery stated that the pro-
posed UCSD research park would, 
'markedly enhance University-In-
dustIy effons: " the report stated. 

The UCSD land where the park 
will be located was part of a 540-
acre parcel granted to UCSD by the 
U.S. Navy in 1962, the report stated. 

The original deed stipulated that 
the "land herein ... shall be held by 
the Grantee so long as it shall be 
used for educational purposes." 

"Intrigued by the possibility of 
putting UCSD's land to profitable 
use," UCSD Chancellor Richard 
Atkinsonapprovedaplanto"engage 
the support of the San Diego c0n-
gressional delegation to revise the 
deed. .. ," the report noted. 

After passing Congress, Public 
Law 97-321 was signed by then-
President Ronald Reagan. 

TIle law revises the deed and 
allows UCSD to use "30 acres [of 
the original grant] for industrial sci-

entific or technological research 
purposes. " 

"UCSD recognized that the Uni-
versity of California has had a long, 
infonnal, yet productive history of 
cooperation with industry," the re-
port stated. 

"Such cooperation has supported 
the University's principle missions 
in teaching, research, and public 
service. It is also consistent with the 
'land grant' principle in which uni-
versilies serve the private sector of 
society ," the report noted. 

Over 50 acres of the lots are 
undeveloped, more than are pro-
posed for the science research park. 

According to Edson. 30 acres of 
high-density student housing com-
parable to Muir's Tioga and Tenaya 
Halls or Fifth College's Pepper 
Canyon Apartments, instead of a 
science research park. would take 
more pressure off local commw1i-
ties to house students. 

1be problems of on- and off-
campus housing came to the fore-
front when San Diego Deputy Mayor 
Abbe Wolfsbeimer proposed legis-
lation last week that would effec-
tively prevent landlords from rent-
ing to any college students or any 
other unrelated individuals. 

Rapist Miller to Face 
Sentencing Nov. 9 

RESOLUTION 
Continued from page 1 

According to the A.S. resolution, the documenIs on 
which the CEP proposal is hued suggest that. once In 
effect, the Maximum Unit Limitation "would reduce 
average UCSD Years-to-Graduation from a figure of 4.8 
years to a figure of 4.7 years" - a reduction of just over 
one month. 

By Kent KOIZon 
Senior Staff Writer 

On Oct. 11 , convicted rapist David Miller 
was granted a continuance in his sentencing at 
the request of his attomey, Ten)' Zimmennan. 
He will now be sentenced on Nov. 9. 

The court also granted a request from Asst. 
District Attomey David Lattuca that Miller, 23, 
be tested for A.I.D.S. so that his victims will 
know if they are susceptible to the disease. 

Miller was convicted last month on two 
counts of rape, two counts of forced oral copu-
lation, two counts of rape with a foreign object, 
and one count of sexual battery for his fall 1989 
attacks on SDSU and UCSD students. 

The resolution also notesthat"someReveUeengineering 
majors would actually have to petition their Provost's 
office to exceed the Maximwn Unit Limitation just to 
finish their program (which may require 246 units of 
course worlc:)." 

TIle A.S. resolution also points out that the CEP's unit 
limitations are 10 units under what was advised in a 
recorrunendation by Muir Provost Patrick Ledden. His 
recommendation suggested 210 W1its for most students, 
250 for Revelle and Fifth engineering students, and 240 
for all other engineering majors. 

Stretch .your mind. Stay In_orrnec::l. 

IGlmlD UNDERGRADSANDPOSTDOC'S 
"COVER YOUR BODn 

WITH 
SICKNESS AND ACCIDENT 

INSURANCE 
student Premium- $128.00 
Spous&- $ 210,00 
Children- $142.00 

(per quarter) 

ENROLLING NOW 
Information and applications are available at 
Student Health Center. Q-039 • 534-2123 

NEWS 7 

L a J 0 I I a , s 
BEST KEPT SECRET! 

Come by for breakfast, lunch, or dimaerl 

• Overlooking Torrey Pines Golf Course 
and the Pacific Ocean 

• Beautiful outdoor dining 
• A wide variety of nutritious yet tasty cuisine 
• AII-you-can-eat salad bar 

HOURS OF OPERATION 
Mon.-Thull. 71m-B pm 

Friday doIId al 3 
FrIdayt thru SundIy. our ,..\lurlnl 

Is 0f*I to ca. rour PllrIIts. 

• Deli sandwiches, fresh fish 
and chicken entrees, and more .. , 

r-----------------Enjoy your 20% student discount 
with a UCSD 1.0. 

Cboices in the • - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Shiley Sports and Health Center 01 554 FOOD 
Scripps Clinic ,10820 North Torrey Pines Road Call • 

Are You 
Suffering from 

Student Syndrome? 
~., HK ( 'tn I.U , ~ 11..: .. ",,".,1" S.: ) 
rm.ls·,v !F :::~r: CALL NOW FOR OUR 

~ 7~':. STUDENT ~,~ ~j;1 SPECIAL 452·2273 
--------------------II $25 Exam Includes:consult,compiete I 

spinalexamination,X-Rays I 
I (if necessary), & report of findings. I L ____________________ ~ 



8 FEATURES 

FEATURES 
I 

The UCSD Guardian 

Graphic by Jeff Quan 

Monday, October 15, 1990 

High-Tech Sculpture 
Lights up the Sky 
By Jeffrey Yamaguchi 
Associate Featuf9S Editor 

What are those bluish-green streams of light that stretch across the 
night sky? 

Transmissions from outer space? 
Maybe some sort of advanced weaponry from the Miramar Naval Air 

Station? 
"I think they 're messages being relayed between banks, like trans-

actions from earlier that day," Rob Anfuso, a Third College Sophomore. 
said. 

"They're kind of spacey looking," Maria Peres, a Third College 
Iunior, said. 

The fact is, although most realize the bluish green light is laser light, 
few know the dancing beams are a work of art entitled "Southern 
Lights," the first permanent kinetic laser sculpture in the United States. 

Created by artist Steve Correia and funded by real estate developers 
Steve Oliver and Jim McMillan, the $250,000 kinetic light struclure is 
powered by a 20-watt high-intensity argon laser. It has been located on 
top of the l60-foot-tall California First Bank at the La Iolla Centre since 
December 1986. 

The way it works, according to an article in Electrical News, is "[a 
computer-driven device] divides the light numerous times with a beam 
splitter, reflects it off mirrors on the rooftop, down to ' terminator' posts 
on the ground, which then bounce it off the reflective glass sides of the 
building and into the night sky." 

The laser light can be seen Monday through Friday from 8:30 p.m. to 
10:30 p.m .• and, according to an article in Designer West , is "visible up 
to 10 miles North and South of the site." 

The only place the beams can't be aimed are towards nearby airfields. 
This is a precaution to avoid confusing pilots. 

"A couple of Cessna pilots flying near the building during an early 
demonstration noticed a few beams piercing clouds below them and 
called the Federal Aviation Administration to find out what was going 
on . ... 1be pilots thought UFOs had invaded the city," said the article in 
Electrical News. 

Both the FAA and Navy can tum off the lasers through a telephone 
modem ifitcauses any problems atNAS Miramar, according to The Daily 
Transcript. 

In addition to being the cause of confusion and wonder, Correia's 
electric sculpture has received awards. It has won an " International 
Lighting Design Award of Merit" from the Illuminating Engineering 
Society of North America, along with an award of excellence from the 
society's San Diego chapter, Electrical News said. 

Awareness Week Shows Sobering Facts of 'Alcohol 
By Ramine Bahrambegi 
Staff Writer 

Each year, various forms of al-
cohol misuse in communities 
throughout the country cause eco-
nomic losses and personal trag-
edies in alarming figures. Despite 
the many efforts of organizations 
like Students Against Driving 
Drunk, and Mothers Against Driv-
ing Drunk (MADD), drunk driv-
ing is still the leading cause of 
death among people between the 
ages of 18-24, according to 
MADD. 

Although statistics show a slight 
decrease in the numberoffatalities 
in the last couple of years, the 
problem is far from over. 

At UCSD, alcohol misuse is as 
big of a problem as any other cam-
pus. Although the campus has a 
policy restricting alcohol misuse 
among underaged students, alco-
hol is still readily available to stu-
dents under 21 in Tijuana. 

It should be noted that like most 
behaviors and habits, it is excess 
that often leads to unpleasant 
consequences. In regard to the ef-
fects of alcohol, some people, due 
to genetic di spositions as well as 
psychological factors, may be more 
sensitive than others, according to 
the American College Health As-
sociation (ACHA). 1be fact is that 
no one person is immune. Anyone 

can be, either 
directly or 
indirectly, 
affected ty 
alcohol. 

Through 
a series of 
workshops, 
counseling 
services, and 
educational 
pamphlets, 
UCSD will 
attempt to 
reach out to 
the student 
community 
and combat 
the problem 
of alcohol 
misuse. 

In com-
pliance with 
a recent law 
by the Fed-

Alcohol Awareness Week Events 
Oct. IS to 19 
8 a.m. to 4:30 p.rn. Red Ribbon 
Campaign. Red ribbons to pledge 
support for the designated driver 
program are available at each 
college's resident dean ' s office, 
or at the Price Center Plaza. 
Noon. Tipsy Taxi information 
table in the Price Center Plaza. 
Oct. 16 
7 p.rn. to 7 :45 p.m. "How to Tell 
a Friend." Free refreslunents will 
be provided in the Warren Com-
mons as Alcohol and Substance 
Abuse Peer Counselors answer 
questions and provide counsel-
ing. 
Oct. 17 
11 a.m. to 1 p.m. "The Lost 
Evening." A series of skits will 

be performed at the Price Center 
Plaza. 
Noon to 1 p.m. Sobriety check and 
information fair. The First 150 
participants will receive free Ben 
and Jerry's ice cream at the Price 
Center Plaza. 
7 p.Ol. t08 p.m. Family Feud. Free 
refreshments at the Oceanview 
Lounge. 
Oct. 18 
Noon to 1 p.ol. Trivia Quiz. Free 
ice cream from Ben and Ierry's 
will be available in the Price Cen-
ter Plaza to the first ISO panici-
pants. 
Oct. 19 
7 p.m. to 9 p.rn. Party dance. AlI 
are welcome to the free dance in 
Revelle Plaza. 

alcohol abuse. 

coholeduca-
tion, student 
decision 
making 
skills, and 
positive peer 
influence. 

UCSD's 
alcohol 
Awareness 
Week will 
include vari-
ous work-
shops, dis-
plays, and 
activities 
across all the 
colleges 
aimed at 
prevention 
through edu-
cation, and 
individual 
responsibil -
ity regarding 

eral Drug-Free Schools and Com-
munities Act of 1989, universities 
across the nation, including UCSD, 
have issued educational pamphlets 
aimed at increasing university 
employees' and students' aware-
ness of the problems associated 
with substance abuse. 

students and employees with a 
substance information sheet in 
which the health hazards of vari-
ous substances are listed. 

Many issues and related ques-
tions concerning alcohol misuse 
will be raised during the sixth-
annual National Collegiate Alco-

'hol Awareness Week. During the 
activities taking place from Oct. 
15 to 19, students at UCSD and 
across the nation will promote al-

"Alcohol Awareness Week ini-
tiates a year-round emphasis on 
alcohol education and recognition 
of the individual 's responsibility 
regarding the use of alcohol," said 
UCSD Health Educator Dalynn 
Proffin. 

The pamphlel also outlines the 
university's official policies con-
cerning substance misuse on cam-
.pus. In addition, it provides the 

She added that the most effec-
tive way to combat the problem of 
drunk driving is more education, 
even ifit means repeating the same 

slogans over and over again. 
Proffitt stated that attitudes are 
changing very slowly, but never-
theless, more and more students 
are realizing that living in an envi-
ronment free of alcohol can be to 
their advantage. 

Many incoming students try al-
cohol during their first year. Yet, 
problems arise once people lose 
control over their drinking habits. 

Proffitt adds that many students 
might drink out of peer pressure 
and the question is how this can be 
overcome. The answer may be 
simply saying "No, thank you." 
she said. 

Although many students claim 
to be aware of the facts concerning 
the effects of alcohol misuse, they 
have a rather vague and limited 
understanding of the term "alcohol 
abuse/misuse," according to the 
ACHA. 

Alcohol, at average doses, 
serves as a depressant, not a 
stimulant Its overall effect includes 
relaxation, lowered inhibition, re-
duced intensity of physical sensa-
tions, digestive upsets, body-heat 
loss, reduced muscular coordina-
tion, and short-term memory loss. 

Large dosages may increase 
susceptibility to pneumonia, ces-
sation of breathing, and long- term 
damage to the liver. pancreas, and 
brain. 

Monday, October IS, 1990 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

Flight of Freedom: World of Desperation and Escape 
Last night's rain left several 

puddles in the cement. I see two 
black birds with bright, little, yel-
low eyes playing in one of them. 
One bird is rolling its head and 
wings in the puddle. The other is 
hopping all around the first bird, 
chirping loudly as it plays. They 
seem happy I Not a penny to their 
names, nobody to watch over and 
care for them. There is little differ-
ence between the birds and me, 
except one that is most imponant: 
they are free. 

As I watch them from behind 
the cell bars, I ask myself over and 
over again, "Why did I do it? 
Why?" I didn't mean to. It wasn't 
supposed to work out this way. 

It would be a year ago next 
week - next Wednesday to be 
exact. The cool, crisp air of winter 
was staning to settle in. I met 
Johnny at the usual spot to smoke 
a joint. 

Unlike me, Johnny had come 
from a rich family. He was a loud 
person. And everything he ever 
wanted was given to him - ev-
erything, that is, except for a real 
family. His parents were always 
more interested in making money 
than they were in raising him. He 
would see them, at best, around 
three times a week. Maybe that's 
why he hung out with a loser like 
me. 

My dad ran out on me and my 
mom when I was two. She never 

The Answering Machine 

Hi this is Kelly. 
I'm not here bul you 
know calerpillan are 
everywhere. And I'm 
so thankful. 

NEW CLIENTS 
ONLY 

WIIII-lnlor _ 
lor IIIIIOinllMod 

OPEN:·tIan.-811. .7 
1 .... ,..,_ L.tIM _ft. _ I 
• Full Set .. ... ............. $16.95 
• Fills ........... ........... .. $10.95 
• Pedicure ............. : .. $10.95 
• Manicure ... .............. $5.95 

realJy recovered from his sudden 
disappearance and turned to alco-
hol. 

Johnny and] were close-like 

brothers. I trusted him with my 
life. Maybe that why I didn't think 
twice when he suggested ripping 
off the local liquor store "just for 
kicks." 

We got to the store close to 
midnight. The only person there 
was the store clerk - a man in his 
50s, with a receding hairline and a 
very large stomach that sort of 
bubbled over his pants. Johnny and 
I waIlced up to the counter. 

"May I help you, son?" 
"Yeah. As a matter of fact, you 

can." 
1ben Johnny pulled out a gun. 
"Fork up whatever you got" 
"Now listen, son, don't be fool-

ish. Just put the gun down. I'm sure 
we can just talk about it." 

"No!" Johnny waved the gun 
closer to him. "lust do as I say and 

nothing will happen to you, okay?" 
Suddenly, the man grabbed his 

chest and fell. 
"Shit, Johnny, what did you 

doT' 
"I don't know. Go check him." 
I went around the back of the 

counter while Johnny sat on the 
floor with his hand on his head. I 
checked the old guy's pulse. 
Nothing. TIlen I noticed the silent 
alarm switch had been pulled. 

"Johnny, we killed him. We 
got to get out of here. He triggered 
an alarm. The cops will be here 
soon." 

"We didn't do anything to him. 
I didn't kill him!" 

"I know! lust get up! We have 
to go!" 

Iohnny took out some weed. 
"This is no time to be doing 

that. Get up! This was your idea!" 
It was too late. The sirens got 

louder and louder as the police 
cars swerved into the parking lot. 
The cops got out and drew their 
guns. 

"Put down your weapons and 
come on out." 

Just then,Iohnny scrambled up, 
grabbed the gun, and ran outside 
waving it. AlII could do was yell 
"Johnny!" before a gun shot rang 
through the air and Johnny fell to 
the ground. 

I don't remember getting ar-
rested or even the trial. I just re-
member not being allowed to at-

by Christina Hulur and Jeffrey Yamquchl 

Includes: 98T.,oo and ~ haircIL 
Blow <*'v aOO 5bjW1g $4 exira. 
FuH service prices reg. 521-$26. 
SIancIJy Ins are sOOject to awiIabiIity 
of st¥ists, To insure faster 5e1'V1C1!, it's 
best to come on weelcdIr,s. 

~'.L. RIECE:PTlIO~1IST FOR BEST TIMES 
'H-Finm; T-W-T 9-8pm 

tend Johnny's funeral . I also re-
member my mother wasn't there 
when I was pronounced gUilty. And 
Johnny was dead; I was now all 
alone. 

gram in which people write to pris-
oners, So I wrote. It was a stupid 
letter, but it got a response any-
way: 
Dear Mark, 

I tried to kin myself several times 
during the first few months. They 
sent some shrink to talk to me. That 

I think I know what you're go-
ing through. I've always consid· 
ered myself somewhat of a misfit, 
too. People think I am different was a waste of time. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Then they suggested this pro- See FREEDOM, page 13 

iate Crossword 

C>Edward Julius Collegiate CW8701 

ACROSS 48 Nod off 13 "",tng Hk. a 
49 .-.riCin league 

I lItditltors tum (abbr. ) 
norse 

15 Ha,tng a lIMI 
20 Tou~. 7 Drtnk tlken after 50 Part of I'WH 

a dr i nk 51 Patron 26 Important .person 
27 - Androni cus 
28 A«.nded 

13 Church tn Ro. 53 Afr i can clpttal 
14 Natura l environment 55 Take a bride 
16 FOnlll!r 56 Pers ist at. as a zg -Trtvi al Pursuit -
17 City in California potnt edttion 
18 Ghes I bad review 58 Froll lhasa 31 feither's partner 

33 lou's partner 19 Chtss plects 60 Religious recluse: 
21 Overly proper 61 Flitter 36 Vienna's river 

person 62 Condit tons 37 Schoolroo- need 
J8 Short. slM"tless 22 Part of TGIF 63 Cuddl. 

23 Kith and -
24 Horse 
25 lIu_rg no 
27 Ootrolt athlet. 
29 Tfcket s.les for 

tn event 
30 Dessert ittll 
3200f_ 
34 louisvt 11e sluwer 
35 - 'at~Stn 
36 Propriety of 

~.v1or 
40 Los ..... t!llt 
4-4 Man fr ... Macca 
45 The <It.1l 
47 Store st9n 

g.rwent 
DOWN 39 hCQnles due. IS a 

nob 
1 Sta NltlMl 40 Rutgers' rher 
2 Kitchen dev i ce 41 B.lInce shMt 
J Tennts Ntd'l parts section 
4 G.d ' s son 42 lift up 
5 Htgllwly part .3 Pue.f.l 
6 Enter furttvely 46 Jltetr1c -

(2 wds . ) 52 Hindu <ltlty 
7 Station S3 - board 
8 Dutch pa1 nUr S.t - order 
9 Fo,..r pro l tague 5S wtllp Nrk 

10 Nitwtt 57 - part 
11 R_. The - Ctty 59 Ralph Kr_n ' s 
12 Show joy .. hteh 

Answers on page 13 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISIS~ 

WE'VE GOT 
THE CURE! 

novelty items' gift wrapping' bailoons • greeting cards 
!.Lafge selection of gift awl shipping boxes 

.. 4.305 La Jolla Village Drive, UTC Mall 
(next to Carlos Murphy's) 

'M 45~999.3 
W. I II OPEN DAILY 

Great For Lunchl 
A CUP-FUL A DAY 

KEEPS THE INCHES AWAY 
.r (Y) Hungry tor something othef than JOtod to< 

.' 7... ~ lunch? Something that', heotthy and tow In 
,/~ cOlories? Try _, , ...... 'Ibgutt, 
" NotUlai ingredient. mean Polar's tootes 
\ beH",. ond if. os It!te os 15 c_ on 

ounce. 
n comes in ON! 110110< yov con Imogine-
six selections rwery day. 

2 f 1 auy any 1mCIII, medium Of large O r frozen yogurt and get one 01 equ.:al or iesMr value FREE. 
'V\:>td With ON! ottle< offer loppinQs not Included. 



Arts & Entertain111ent 
Monday, October 15, 1990 The UCSD Guardian ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 10 

Paving Their Own Musical Road 
• David Hidalgo of Los 

Looos explains the band 's 
plans for the future. 

by Dara Ghahremanl 
Staff Writer 

The first thing that usually comes to 
people's minds when they think of Los 
Lobos is the commercially successful "La 
Bamba." Although the song's success did 
wonders for spreading the band's name, it 
only gave the public a small dose of Los 
Lobos' music. 

In a recent telephone interview, guitarist 
and singer David Hidalgo explained that he 
feels "La Bamba" had both good and bad 
effects. "The audience is larger now, but 
'La Bamba' is all they know about. I don ' t 
know if any of these people would look 
further into other albums to find anything 
else," Hidalgo said. 

Los Lobos' first two albums, How Will 
The Wolf Survive and By The Light O/The 
Moon, were mainly rock-oriented. After 
the release of "La Bamba" in 1987, the band 
putoutLa Pistola y EI Corazon (The Pistol 
And The Heart), an album which reflected 
the band's heritage in the lradi tional style 
of Mexican folk music. The latest album, 
The Neighborhood, is a mixture of rock, 
blues, and country, along with the traditional 
Mexican style. 

Playing a variety of musical styles, which 
range from American blues and rock to 
traditional Mexican folk music, Los Lobos 
doesn't fit comfortably into any single 
category. Since commercial radio has no 
specific market for them, airplay is scarce. 
With a quiet, concerned voice Hidalgo ex-
pressed his views on pop radio today. 
"There's no outlet for bands on the radio 
anymore. It's mostly dance music. You 
don't hear any drums or guitar anymore." 

Los Lobos, who will be performing Thursday at the Starlight Bowl in Balboa Pari<. 

Hidalgo continued, " On one side there' 5 
rap which started out with people trying to 
say something and now it's become com-
mercialized and part of the mainstream. 
The other side of i t is metal, like Poison and 
Warrant, which is just loud pop music. We 
don't fit into any of these areas." 

Because most of the members of the 
band share a Mexican heritage, Los Lobos 
is often misunderstood, especially in areas 
outside of the west coast area, to be a 
Mexican band. 

For this reason they sometimes come 
across stereotypes. Hidalgo describes a 
time when they played on a TV show in 

England, "They said, 'Well Los Lobos is a 
Mexican band. ' So they set up the stage like 
an old cantina with 12 foot maracas. We 
took a few pictures and had them tear it 
down. People who don't know us, don 't 
really know what to expect." 

Interestingly enough, Los Lobos' music 
attracts a healthy amount of people on the 
East Coast and in Europe. "Mexican-styled 
music is very new to them. They don 't get 
much of it out there as much as we do here, 
where we're more surrounded by Mexican 
culture." 

It took a while for Los Lobos to gain the 
full confidence of the hispanic audience at 
first, but as Hidalgo said, "They finally 
figured out that we 're taking a bit of our 
culture and trying to show it off and expose 
it to the rest of the world. People are proud 
that we do that sort of thing. It's important." 

Both David Hidalgo and Louise Perez, 
the two main songwriters of the band, live in 
East L.A. where they do most of their 

Psychefunkapus, who per-
formed at Friday's TG, 
funked it up in a near two 
hour set. They played songs 
from their debut album on 
Atlantic Record~, in addi-
tion to recent material. 
Psychefunkapus is: Manny 
Maninez (left), Jon Axtell 
(center), Atom Ellis (right), 
Gene Genie(center), and 
Paul Johnson. All photos 
by Jenny Vann. 

songwriting. lfidalgo uses a converted attic 
in his mother's house as a place where he 
can "pick up a guitar, bang on it and yell, 
until something comes out." His mother's 
house just happens to be right next door to 
Perez's. 

"I go up in the loft after I take the kids to 
school and work on song ideas. When I feel 
I have something strong enough, I pass a 
tape to Louise, put it under his door and 
run," Hidalgo said with a giggle. "We' re 
still pretty vulnerable. When he [Louise] 
has a lyric, he'll give it to me in a sealed 
envelope and say ' here, check it out later. ' 
He ' ll go to his comer and I'll go to mine. 
Then we'll come back together and finish 
the song off." 

Their latest album, The Neighborhood, 
reflects every aspect of Los Lobos. Songs 
such as "Deep Dark Hole" and "Take My 
Hand" reflect their intimate, personal 
thoughts: "Desperately looking for some-
thing that's real/Hard to fmd is the love that 

can heal{fender are the dreams{fhat we try 
to hide so deep inside." 

At the same time, other songs like "The 
Neighborhood" and "The Giving Tree" de-
pict universal ideas of family and commu-
nity. 

Dubbing the concept of "The Giving 
Tree" from the book by Shel Silverstein of 
the same ti tIe, Hidalgo explained, "The song 
represents the idea of acommunity, of people 
getting together to give thanks for what they 
have." 

The band invited a number of their friends 
to play on the album. Singer/songwriter 
John Hiatt, as well as Levon Helm and Jim 
Keltner, both members of The Band, showed 
up to contribute to the sessions. "We couldn' t 
believe it! ," Hidalgo exclaimed repeatedly. 
"We were always big fans of The Band, so 
when they said that they liked the band and 
wanted to be a part of it, how could we pass 
that up?" 

The festive atmosphere of the recordin~ 
sessions heightened when the band had their 
kids come in to sing on "Jenny's Got A 
Pony." Hidalgo described, "The song is sort 
of a kid's rhyme. My son's birthday was 
coming up so we decided to have a birthday 
party in the studio. We invited everyone's 
kids to come and yell on the song." 

The band's multi -instrumental skills 
range from the electric guitar to the 
huapangera, a deep, baratone, "chugging" 
guitar. 

Hidalgo himself has twelve different 
instruments under his name in the album 
credits. Hidalgo simply said, "We'll use 
anything that makes the album work. " 

Indeed, the simple, honest music that 
makes Los Lobos work reflects the people 
who are making it. Their music is pretense-
free, pouring out straight-forward feelings 
about family, friends and the neighborhood 
in which they all live. 

Despite certain aspects of the music in-
dustry which keep the band from finding a 
definitive place in it, they are set on playing 
music that feels right to them, regardless of 
commercial intentions. 

What: Los LoboI, in concert 
When: 11aunday~ 18 
Where: =fallat . wa, ..... 
·TJdretI available at the door, 
or call 27& TIXS. 

Monday, October 15, 1990 

An Aerial 
View of 
World War II 
by Cory Lldachln 
Guardian Reporter 

The UCSD Guardian ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 11 

Harry Connick, Jr. (left) and other members of the cast taking yet another break. 
Many movies have been made about WWll. Some try to retell the entire story battle by battle, while the more 

successful ones just try to encapsulate a small part of the riveting conflict. "Memphis Belle" is a movie that 
tells a limited part of the story and by narrowing down the subject succeeds in capturing the bravado of the 
young men fighting this war in the air. 

Memphis Belle is the name of a B-17 bomber whose crew of ten have successfully completed 24 missions, 
and with one more mission they can come home. The plot focuses on the men and this all-important 25th flight. 
While the Memphis Belle and its crew are the center of attention, each crew member also emotionally 
symboHzes the thousands of other flyers in the air going through the same feelings they are. Matthew Modine 
("Married to the Mob") plays their stem captain who has named the plane after his girlfriend back home. He 
feels the stress that all leaders do when they have many lives depending on their every decision. Eric Stoltz 
("Mask") plays the radio man/poet who guides the men in the air and gives them the strength to confront their 
greatest fears. It is not j ust death that they fear, but also the fear of being maimed while working in the small 
confines of a plane that feels like a tight tin can. The ten young actors are amazing because each goes through 
a whole host of emotions throughout the entire voyage. The actors who round out the cast are Sean Astin 
("Staying Together"), Billy Zane ("Dead Calm"), and the jazz singer Harry Connick Ir. in his debut role. The 
characters reflect the image of young men made to grow up fast to fight for their country. 

The individual scenes are full of excitement, and grouped together they tell of the emotions of young soldiers 
fighting in a war. The scenes work together the way a good movie should, from the opening football game on 
an airstrip to the courageous fighting on board the B-17 bomber. This can be attributed to second-time director 
Michael Caton-Jones ("Scandal"). The aerial fight scenes make you feel like you are actuall y fighting in a time 
technically very different than today. What adds to these scene is the actual archival footage intertwined wi th 
the film. 

The crew of the "Memphis Belle" taking a break between flights. 

"Memphis Belle" is a movie that makes you feel like you are actually in the bomber working side by side 
with the brave crew members. You go through the same emotions they do and are uplifted when they are. It 
is not a movie about planes as the title suggests, but a movie about the people that fly the planes. 

With Apple's introduaion of three new 
Macintosh- computers, meeting the challenges of college 
life JUSt got a whole lot easier. Because now, everybody 
can afford a Macintosh. 

The is our most 
affordable model, yet it comes with everything you need-
including a hard disk drive. The ___ 
combines color capabilities with affordability. And the 
___ is perfect for students who need a 
computer with extra power and expandability. 

No maner which Madntosh you ch , you'll 
have a computer tha.t lightens your work load without 

giving you another tough subjed to leam. Every Macintosh 
computer is easy to sel up and even easier 10 master. And 
when you've learned one program, you're weU or: your 
way to learning them all. That's because thousands of avail· 
able programs all work in the arne, consistent manner. 
You can even hare infonnation with someone who use a 
different type of computer - Ihanks to Apple's versatile 

uperDrive~ which reads from and writes to Madntosh, 
MS·OOS, OS/2, and Apple-II floppy disks. 

See the new Macintosh computers for yourself, 
and find out how surviving college just gOI a whole lot 
easier. 

7be ,\Jacillta;/) /lSI 

For further information visit 
UCSD Bookstore 

534-4291 

• The power to be your best~ 



12 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guarwan 

A Welcome Return for Carmichael 
• Winona Ryder tars in new movie about teenage rebellion and acceptance 

by Gregory Waypa 
Staff Writer 

First, a little story. 
A long, long time ago - like 

60 years or so - the big and 
mighty movie industry became a 
little concerned over the introduc-
tion of a new form of media into 
the kingdom. It was called televi-
sion. What the kings of film, 
known as the CEOs, saw in the 
little box was all-out competi-
tion. And to the horror of the 
CEOs, the people of the land be-
came entranced with the new 
wonder, which later became af-
fectionately known as the boob-
tube. 

Thus, it became very impor-
tant to the CEOs that they gave 
TVa run for its money, in particu-
lar getting people out of their 
houses and intothemovie houses. 
What the CEOs needed to do was 
to produce things on the big screen 
that could not be seen on the little 
screen. In other words, make a trip 
to the movies well worth it. 

So, what does all of this have to 
do with "Welcome Home Roxy 
Carmichael"? Well, to tell you 
the truth, not much. It 's kind of 
nice to know, however. that in a 
world where staying home and 
watching the latest TV commer-
cials is cheaper and more interest-
ing than going to the movies, it's 
good to know there is someone 
out there trying to improve the 
film industry. 

This is where "Welcome Home 
Roxy Cannichael" enters the 

kingdom. As a cinema rresenta-
tion, " Welcome Home Roxy 
Carmichael" comes close to being 
an idea, a concept, a story line, and 
an all-around movie that is beller 
than what one can find during a 
random TV channel flip. 

The film stars Winona Ryder as 
Dinky Bossetti, the local town rebel 
of Clyde, Ohio. Also contributing 
his acting abilities is Jeff Daniels 
as Denton Webb, who fathered a 
child with Roxy Carmichael 15 
years prior to her return. Directed 
by James Abrahams, of "ZA2," 
"Airplane," and "The Naked Gun" 
fame, "Welcome Home Roxy 
Carmichael" is a story of celebri-
ties, the images that they create, 
and being able to make people 
accept you on your own terms. 

The story begins when teenage 
Roxy leaves Clyde, Ohio in search 
of fame and fortune. After 15 years, 
Roxy is returning to the town of 
her youth as a celebrity. With things 
like "Roxy Week," "The Roxy 
Ball," and tours of her old home, 
the people of CI yde prepare for the 
return of their very own living leg-
end. In the middle of all of this 
stands a bewildered Dinky, who is 
determined to follow in Roxy's 
footsteps. 

What is it about " Welcome 
Home Roxy Carmichael" that 
makes it worth seeing? At first, I 
didn't know. As impossible as it is 
to find one thought or idea that 
encompasses the worthiness of the 
film, it is equally as difficult to 
categorize it. 

THE FORDS 
HAVE ALWAYS 
DRIVEN 
VOLKSWAGENS. 
Ask Kimo Ford why he bought a 
Volkswagen and get ready for some 
family history 

, Everyone In my family has driven a 
Volkswagen at one time or another. 
My dad had a Microbus. My mom and 
sister both drove Beetles. And my 
brother. who's also a student, drives 
an '83 Volkswagen Rabbit 

"So when I saved enough money to 
buy a car there was only one logical 
chOice A Volkswagen If you ask me, 
it's the perfect student'S car Good on 
gas. Big enough to carry four friends 
And fun to dnve • 

Fun to dnve? Sounds like 
FahrvergnOgen To expenence It for 
yourself. just follow the Fords to yoU! 
Volkswagen dealer. -=. ") , 

~~ ~ 

" Welcome Home Roxy 
Carmichael" is not an action ad-
venture, unless you call someone 
running into a mail box on their 
bike action. It's not a comedy, un-
less seeing a town go star struck 
leaves you roaring in the 
aisles. What it is, though, is a slice 
of life. 

The one area in which this movie 
excels is in the emotion it can cre-
ate in the audience. It'sbeenawhile 
since I've seen a film that created 
emotion in me to the point where I 
actually felt a part of the story. 
During the film, I felt happiness, 
sadne s, and embarrassment -
especially embarrassment. 

Sure, the ability to create emo-
tion come from the story and the 
castof actors, but there is one char-
acter in this movie that is essential 
to this task. The character, though 
slightly unsung, is played by ac-
tress Laila Robins . As the new 
high school guidance counselor, 
Elizabeth Zaks, Robins questions 
Dinky and her intentions. The con-
versation between these two be-
comes friendly and companion-
like, allowing the audience to know 
Dinky and become swept into the 
friendship. 

Now this movie i~!)'t perfect, 
but it is worth a peek. Unfortu-
nately, with everything this movie 
has going for it, it is not a big 
science fiction , comedy adventure, 
fantasy horror, or dramatic love 
story. Therefore, I don't think it's 
going to be a smash at the box 
office. Still, if you don't see this 

Monday, October 15, 1990 

Dinky Bossetti awaits the return of Roxy Carmichael. 
one in the theater, defin itely catch 
it on video. 

Youknow,oneofthenicethings 
about TV is that its programs re-
peat themselves forever. They can 
be taped, rented, and seen in the 
saIne format again and again. Un-
fo.-tunately, this is not true for 
movies. 

Once a film has left the theater, 
the magic and larger-than-life ele-
ments within it are lost forever. So 
take advantage,and take in amovie. 
The little box can wait. 

o 0 0 0 
Hiatus Ponders ... 

~ 
Are green M&Ms really 
aphrodisiacs? Does Debbie 
Gibson really go to UCSD? 
Why does everyone w ho 
works at the Grove wear a 
hat? What's the point of the 
bubbles on this page? Why 
does our society obsess with 
pop fads like "Twin Peaks"? 

F A H R V f P G N 0 GEN. I T' S W HAT M A K E S AC A R A VOL K S WA G E N. 
If VOl.; drIve a Va k '~igen . yOu f'rllght be e,ected 10 
appeal f'I an ad II~e tne one abOve Send youf 5104''1( ,nd 
phOt010 Voll\.sw.gen TestImonials. 187 S WOOCIward 
SUIte 200 Blrm,ngham MlC.hlgan 48009 

Monday, October 15, 1990 

FREEDOM 
Continued from page 9 
from them because I am ina wheel-
chair . !' ve always had a hard time 
makingfriends.!'veonlyhadaboul 
two close friends in my life. 

We live in a comfortable, 
middle-class home. My parellls gel 
along/or the most part, and I even 
get decent grades in school. But I 
slill get lonely. It's a terrible/eel-
ing to be among /Ols of people , but 
still feel so alone in the world. 

Rob 
I sat there and looked at the 

letter for a while. I wondered if I 
should write back. I felt bad for 
him, yet angry that he would try to 
lay his problems on me. Didn't he 
know I had enough to feel bad 
about? Why did he have to add to 
my problems? I wrote anyway: 
Rob, 

Don't tell me what it' slike to be 
lonely; I lost my only friend before 

I was arrested. 
But you're luckier than me. My 

father ran out on uS,and my mother 
was a lush. I remember seeing her 
so drunk sometimes that when she 
saw me she would just hit me. 

You don't have that problem. 
You 're not in jail. You have your 
freedom. You don'l have to live in 
the hell I'm living in. Don't expect 
me to pity you. 

Mark 
I mailed the letter off, not ex-

pecting to get any response. I was 
sure he would get off my back. I 
didn' t need him. But, a week later. 
I go another letter from him: 
Mark, 

We aI/live in different prisons. 
You are a prisoner of the law. /' m 
a prisoner of my body. 

Sure, I have lots of things you 
don't have. But you don't seem to 
realize that you also have things 
that I don't have and will never 
have, like a healthy body. I don't 

PSYCHOLOGY MAJORS 
INFORMATION MEETING 

FIND our ABOUT 

new major requirements 
new courses and changes in courses 

honors seminar & program 
graduate programs in psychology 

career oppourtunities 

WHEN: THURSDAY, OCTOBER 25TH AT 4:00 P.M. 
WHERE: 1110 MCGlU HAU (FORMERLY P&L) 

STRATEGIES 

T OWARD 

EDUCATING 

pARTYING 

STUDENTS 

october 12, 5-7pm (friday) 

The UCSD Guarwan 

know what it's like to climb a tree, 
or run with the wind in my hair-
and I never will. I don't want you to 
pity me. But you're not going to get 
any pity either. So many times l' ve 
thought about killing myself, bUll 
can'l even raise my hand 10 lift a 
gun to my head. I don' 1 even have 
a choice of whether I live or not. 
Sure, you're a prisoner. You just 
have 10 years to serve. I have to 
serve a life sentence and I didn't do 
anything to deserve it. 

Rob 
I never thought that a lenercould 

change my view of life like this 
did. I vowed to shape up. When-
ever I did something I knew Rob 
couldn't do, I did it for him, too. 

I realized that even though we 
both had our problems, we were 
lucky for having whatever we had. 
Mainly, we were lucky to find each 
other. 

Rob and I wrote each other every 
few days. Itl his last leiter, he told 

me that he was having a harder 
time doing anything. I knew it 
would only be a matter of time 
Un! iI I lost him, too . 

I kept every one of his letters. I 
wish I could've given him the same 
strength he gave to me. As I stand 
here watching the birds outside, 
holding his last letter and a copy of 
his obituary, Ihave a strange sense 
that these two birds are Rob and 
Johnny. The little loud-mouthed 
bird is Johnny, fluttering around, 
trying to make the other notice 
him. The other bird is Rob,enjoying 
his new-found freedom from a 
useless body. The two birds look at 
me, and for a minute we are locked 
in an eery stare. Then they fly into 
the sky and slowly fade away until 
I can't see either of them any longer. 

- Julie Puzon 

Short stories are still being ac-
cepted at The Guardian. Send one 
in today. 

IS ABORTION A FORM OF RACISM & SLAVERY? 
Perhaps one of the most heated and controversJallssues of our day Is the Issue 

of abortion. Femlnlm view the Pro·Ufe IIlOV1:IIJCnt as an affront to woGlen's r1ghts. 
while antl-abortionlm frequenUy justify their poslUon by pointing to the Bible 
and attempting to Impose their relJgJous beliefs on others. SOJOURNERS 
CHRISTIAN FELLOWSHIP Is conVInced that this ongotng debate has been dis· 
cuulng the wrong questions on both sides. We believe that women do have the 
.1ght to do what they want with their own bodies. and we do not believe that 
ChrtsUans have the light to Impose the BIble on others. SUI!. the Important. 
unasked quesUOn remains: Is abortion the taking of a human life? If not, then 
there has been needless concern. If so. then we as a naUon may be Involved. not 
with a reUglous issue. not with a feminist Issue. but with a human rtghts Issue. 
We may be guUty of a subUe fonn of slavery and racism masked behind phrases 
such as "the fetus Is my own property: or Ollie fetus Is a lower quality of life." On 
W .... ..", October 17 at 7 p.m. in usa 2722. a .,.... clilCUsaion will 
portray llie subject of abortlon from a freshly different perspecUve. W. invite you 
fa _ wIIh your que~ and c_. 

"Don', Drink and Drive " in/ormation table during TGIF a"he Hump. Learn aboul 
designaled driver program-free bl/llons and infof7TUJtion on where to find free alternative drinks at local 
participating bors. Student Health AdviSOry Commillee and StUikm Heallh Advocates. 

october 15-19, lam-4:3Opm & noon (monday-friday) 
Red Ribbon Campaign . Pick up your red ribbon and pledge to suppart the designated driver 

program at your cotlege's Residential Dean 's Office or at a "Don', Drink and Drive" lable itl lhe Price 
Cemer Plaza each noon hour Ihis wuk. 

october 15-1 9, 12 noon (monday·friday) 
Check out Associaled SllIdellls new Tipsy Taxi program at their in/ormation table in the 

Price Center Plaza. 

october 16, 7-7145pm (tuesday) warren common. 
"How to Tell a Friend"· FREE drinks · PEPSI. Alcohol and substance abuse peer 

counselors Nicole Blanchard alld Doug Sheres, at Warren COlllmons. Call 534-3035 for more 
illformation. 
october 17, l1 am-lpm (wednesday) price center plaza 

WITH SPECIAL GUESTS 

FEATURES 13 

Answers to this 
week's puzzle 

Idnko'S· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Garnet A venue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

'The Lost Evening ," a series of skits from /I a.m. to 12 nOOn. Undergrad Theater Club and 
UCSD Atcohol Awareness Week Commillet. Sobriery Check. Information Fair from 12 nOOn to I p .m. 
UCSD Police. MADD. SHAC. SHA. R~s. Life and Associoted Sludents. FREE Ben and Jerry's Ice 
Cream to the first 150 parlicipants. 
october 17, 7-lpm (wednesday) oc_nvl_lounge 

Fanu'ly Feud Topic : Th~ Drinking Game. FREE drinks. PEPSI. Alcohol and substance abuse 
peer cOl/nselors. Cecilia Nepomuceno and Eric Fergusoll . Call 534·3025 for more information. 

11)( 
TIIVIE 

MlAAP SKATALITES 8r 
october 11, 12 noon-l pm (thursday) price cen .... plaza 

Alcohol and Trivia QUiz. FREE Ben and Jerry 's Ice Cream 10 the first 150 participants. 
SHAC. SHA and Res. Life . 
octDblr 19, 7pm-1Opm (friday) revelle plaza 

Parry dana FREE. All welcome. ICRA spotUoud. 

Check with you< ResidenI Dean ood Dean', OIfica 01 0" f .... coIeges lex ~"tC oct,,,, ... 011 ...... Coil 534·2A19. HeoIth 
EducotJon. lex gono<ol i"""motion oboullhe ....... 

Iltough. 10 y¢<J by ucSO', NoI""",1 Co/leg.,10 ,tJcol>o/ AWOl ....... We$. CO/IImlnee with ~p from Studotw Heohh SoMca. 
P>yehoIogicoi ond Coonsellrg SeNicos. RosideN.,l lIf. ond Decn', OIftC .. 01 M.J~. F',,". WOllen. Thl,d. RMio. Gr .... lI"' . 
......,.,,,,/ed SIvdonts. Po/IU. 8001. Slot • . ucso Undt<gloduote n.o.., Club. COOS! o. .. ,bu"ng. Ben ond Je<ry'slce C,IJOtn. ond 
PEPSI. 

GANGBUSTERS 
FRIDAY 

OCT. 19· 7:30 PM 
UCSD PRICE CENTER BAUIO. 

Tickets at all TicketMaster hcket centers including May Co .• 
Jack's, Tower Records. Music Plus and the UCSO 60. Office. 
To charge by phon. call (619) 278-TIXS. For more concert 
IntormMlon c8l1111e BtM SIIvI P_le concert line: 570-1222. 



14 TheU D Guardian Monday, October 15, 1990 

THE ONLY WAY FOR YOU TO GET READY FOR YOUR WEEKEND . 

OPINION • HiATUS 
• The latest on scientific and medi-
cal breakthroughs at UCSD and 
other UC-related institutions. 

• The Friday Sports Wire contains 
information about the weekend's 
UCSD sports action. Plus, Scores 
& Stats, Phil's Prime PiCKS, and In 

• An in-depth look at one subject 
each week, with differing points of 
view in addition to student views. 

• A preview of the weekend's arts 
and entertainment events. 

FEATURES 
the Bleachers. 

Sinia Costumes 
Available at 

• Pacific Beach-Paper Trends 
1826 Gamet Ave. 

• EI cajon-Ruth Ann's Hallmark 
1059 Broadway 

• Downtown-Big Save 
416 Broadway 
• Aztec Shops 
San Diego State University 

• Escondido-Deborah's 
1624 E. Valley Parkway 
• Chula Vista-Standees 
279 3rd Avenue 

~---FREE---i3J 
I Tube of Sinia makeup with I 
I each costume purchase. I 

.. Valid October 15-26. 1990. L ~OI valid With any other coupons ~ ~n~ -.J 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral students (64·91 %), after 
completing their course worl\, remain with 
a dissertation pending completion indef~ 
mtely. Among these ABDs (AII·But·the· 
Dlssenatlon) are generally found the 
brightest and most creative candidates. 
Aodresslng those elements Involved In de· 
laYing completion, the worl\shop gUides 
partie'pants, from beglnmng fa follOWing 
through and completIOn, particularly after 
years of InactIVity and regardless of where 
they are In the process. 

Wor1\shop information 
985·0426 

Postgraduate Group 

Auto arid Motorcycle 
Insurance 

'The Club Scene,' stories about 
campus organizations. 

DERMATOLOGY 
rSktn dAboutYoU . 

Feel GoO Diseases and Surgery of the Skin 
Skin Cancer, Laser Surgery 
Facial Peels, Leg Veins 
Mole and Scar Removal 
Collagen, Cosmetic Surgery 

ALEX PETERSON, M.D. 
BOARD CERTIFIED DERMATOL OGIST 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr .. Suite 1121 
(1 block west 0' 1·5 , behind the Elephanl Bar) 

552-8842 

Monthly pay available 
Order your college ring NOW. 

Local 
800-457 -1234 

Paul Sirkin Insurance 

JOSTENS 
AMER le ,," 5 COL LE GE R I NG"" 

L \1\Tf6ITY 

Ij()()KSTOHE 
• II ~I • 

.. ~, _ ,y , ,~ ~c ... 1~t.atiYe lor lull deIalls. our complete ring oeIection on display In your collqle bookoIore. 

Monday, October 15,1990 

With Apple' introduaion of three new 
Madntosh" computers, meeting the challenges of college 
life just got a whole lot easier. Because now, everybody 
can afford a Madntosh. 

The is our most 
affordable modeL yet it comes with everything you need-
including a hard disk drive. The II-. 
combines color capabitities with affordability. And the 
-.. is perfea for students who need a 
computer with extra power and expandabitity. 

No maner which Madntosh you choose, you'll 
have a computer that lightens your work load without 

The UCSD Guardian 

giving you another tough subjea to learn. Every Macintosh 
computer is easy to set up and even easier to master. And 
when you've learned one program, you're well on your 
way to learning them aU. That'S because thousands ofavaiJ· 
able programs all work in the arne, consi tent manner. 
You can even share information with someone who use a 
different type of computer - thanks to Apple's versatile 

SuperDrive~ which reads from and write to Macintosh, 
MS·DOS, OS 2, and Apple*1I tloppydisks. 

See the new Madntosh computers for yourself, 
and find out how surviving college just got a whole lot 
easier. 

The MacmIoSh &i 

University Bookstore 
Computer Center 

534-4291 

.-

.. The power to be your best~ 
C IttO ~ Comouttr. 1nc ~. 1M ApcM togo, .~ Maonto.n.,. r..,ed ~~I of.Aogle Comcuer.lnc 8uoefDr1¥e ano""'" ~ to t)t,.,our belt" we tr~. of ApptI Comput.r, Inc C&auic: 'I' revt-...a trademark IICenMG 10 AoDIe CompuIet, Inc. 

MS-DOS 't. r.gl.w.d tr~ of Mictotoft Corporation OS/2 Is. ,...,.., ~rtI of """"",bOnel su.ineu MkhIne. Cotporadon 

What's shakin at Costa Verde Come ta Costa Verde CenIIr - Where rock, and roll, and 
Centw? For a double dip, Ihere's most fNtf'( other COIMIfIience is here 10 stay. 0Iher 

Heidi's Fragen Yozurt and SMe's Ice Cream. stores: BusyBody, Costa Verde Car Wash • HomeFed 
For the dipstick, ...... ', a gas station and car wash, Bank • La JoIa CIeanen • MailBoxes, Etc •• DNa La 
as well as a Fox PhaIo when you're reaIy on a roI. JoIa Florist • Gingiss FonnaIwear • Video 
Pick up a fIck? A CD ~ for your golden oIcIes? GaIMy 

15 



16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Pregruuu;y Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

ePregnancy Termination 
eGeneral or Local Anesthesia 
eLow Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conctption) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
eStudent Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

Q;r;t fM.if.jJ a choice 

... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

MEETTHE FuTuRE 
OF CREATIVE THINKING. 
Amiga doesn't just improve your work. 
It improves your thinking. Just working 
hard isn't enough anymore. Creative thmklllg 
is what sets winnel1 apart. 

The Amiga computer was de-
signed precisely with that thought 
in mind_It handles routine 
tasks, then lets you 
go all the way to 
innovation and 
invention. 
Whatever you can 
imagine, Amiga has the 
power to produce, Easily, 
Its built-in technology h a major 
advancement in a computer of 
this size and price range. 

With a mouse and simple 
icons, Amiga combines a full color 
display, fuU stereo sound, graphics, 
3-D animation, video capability 
and text as no other computer can. 

ft has the power to run soft-
ware sophisticated enough to 
manipulate vast amounts of data. 
as well as the creative genius to 
create the complete score for an 
orchestral composition. 
We deliver today, what 
others promise tomorrow. 
Amiga was designed to keep lip 
with you, from !><:hoolwork de-
mands through career needs. 

You'll find other 
people make optional. As well as 
sophisticated technology that 
doesn't exist on comparably 
powered and priced computers. 
Creative educational 
discounts make Amiga 
an easy decision. 
The Amiga Education Purchase 
Program for cOUege and university 
students, faculty and administra-
tors, offers a wide range of fully 
loaded, pecially bundled hardware 
systems, with a complete system 
starting under S700~ All include 
a one year limited warranty and 
AmigaVision:" 
The best way to make up your 
own mind is to try Amiga. 
Stop by YOUI ampus Authorized 
Amiga Dealer and get your handl 

on the future of computing. 
Sure, some people buy what's 

standard. But we think you can 
make up your own mind, and 
choose your own best course for 
the future. After all, isn't that what 
college is all about? 

AMIGA 
THE CO~PUT£R FOR THE CREATIVE MIND~ 

cIc-.' 

The Uvely Computers 
471 Broadway 

El Cajon, CA 92021 
(619) 5~2 

l~t()rn",lId"rl' Hu~II)l"\ \1 .... 1111 .... ,,~ ("!Ulnld"... .. nd 1h\'C .ommodu't k.'MU ~r\ Il#,h rn! 1,iKknUlk\l,f I (,lo .. lt .. iI·,.. tlt-~l"lfl" ~ I,hl \Ill ..... I\d "',eI\II'1'\1I Itdtl.."W,1.. 
( ,I (!lltlr»o~'n'I\IlIl~, I,..l Ihf"( i.mpvhr ttlftho. « n. .I' r"f \l! 11\d .... trJd(; marl. I~ (OIlIlIInd .. n \nu~ 11M 
°"' 11 1;") Unt\r, tt\t Illuc.I"lll\m hoi r"~1i,1'I"18' 1~/YO l'rk t>\.md, l!t'lt'l 1~'m\llffhhl'rt. #am .ltt" "I~'(III'i hJ~"'rlho'UI ".0I1t. 

A{onday,~ber15,1990 

Greg BenMlGuan:lan 
Cheryl Parker (6) scored the Tritons' second goal Friday. 

W.SOCCER 
Continued from page 24 
as they came out for the start of the 
second half. 

Westmont, however, was notto 
be denied at least one goal on the 
afternoon. 

Brandi Jarret took advantage of 
a defensive letdown and hit the 
back of the net for the Warriors' 
only point of the afternoon. 

W. V-BALL 
Continued from peg. 24 
competition, UCSDappearedabit 
nonchalant in the opening mo-
ments, but promptly fired up and 
took control of the fi rst game be-
hind Holtzclaw's serving and five 
of Elizabeth Tan's nine kills. 

In the second game, the Tritons 
jumped to a 5-0 lead off Tan's 
serving before the Tigers were able 
to put a single point on the 
scoreboard 

Two other Tritons victimized 
Occidental's serve-receive, as 
Holtzclaw and Villi Van Duyne 
each had four-point runs from the 
line. 

The final game followed just as 
easily, as Dannevik afforded some 
playing time for Karen Grometer, 
Jennifer Codling, and Jennifer 
Cross, but star honors feIlto Eliza-
beth Banez. 

Banez, considered a defensive 

It was one of the few mistakes 
by UCSD goalie Karin Carper, as 
she registered some key saves and 
combined with the defense to 
thwart a late rush by Westmont. 

"We just wanted to come back 
after that bad defeat on Wednes-
day," Triton Head Coach Brian 
McManus said. 

"[It was] a good win for us. 
"We came back today with a lot 

of aggression, [and] we played a 
lot more positive," he said. 

specialist, showed some aggres-
sive offensive moves in serving 
two aces and slammed down one 
of her patented back-row kills. 

Regular starters Dana Simone 
and Van Duyne used the opportu-
nity to rack up some stats, adding 
eight and nine kills, respectively, 
and combined for 12 digs. 

Although the match was ftO-
ished before the free pizza wiMers 
reached for their napkins, and the 
eventual Triton win was never in 
question, the crowd still got into 
the match, warranting a warning 
from the umpire for excessive 
verbal comments. 

"We are a good team to watch, 
because we have smooth transi-
tions, are always working hard, 
and generally provide an exciting 
match," Dannevik said. 

He also feels that the new policy 
of free admission for students has 
increasedanendance, contributing 
to the exciting atmosphere of the 
events. 

MEDICAL EVALUATION AND CARE 
BY BOARD CERTIAED ALLERGIST AT NO COST TO YOU 

ALLERGIES/HAY FEVER 
• One week study of investigational nasal spray 
• Must be between ages of 18 and 60 
• Hay fever symptoms (runny, stuffy, itchy nose or 

sneezing) 
• PAYMENT OF UP TO $80 TO QUALIAED PARTICIPANTS 
AS1HMA 
• 21-week study of investigational asthma medication 

• Symptoms of wheezing, chest tightenss, coughing or 
shortness of breath 

• Must be age 12 or over 

• PAYMENT OF UP TO $700 TO QUALIFIED PARTICIPANTS 

Monday, October 15, 1990 

UCSD NOTEBOOK 

A preview of this weekend's UCSD sporting events: 
• MEN'S SOCCER: 
UCSD at Loyola Marymount, Tuesday, 3:30 p.m. 

The men's soccer team goes into Tuesday's 3 :30 p.m. conlest 
at Loyola Marymount needing wins in each of its final Ihree 
regular-season contests in order to assure a number one seeding 
for the upcoming NCAA Division ill West Regional Champion-
ship. 

Despite Ihe fact that his team is currently ranked fifth in the 
nation in Di vision III, Head Coach Derek Armstrong feels that the 
Tritons can't afford to drop any more games ifthey hope 10 be the 
top-seeded team in the west region. 

"Any loss will make it very tough [to get the top seed] and we 
must dedicate ourselves to winning our last three [regular season] 
games," Armstrong said. 

Armstrong commented that the Tritons have had a relatively 
easy time with the Lions in the past, including a convincing 3-0 
drubbing of Loyola earlier this season at the Azusa Pacific 
University Cougar Classic. 

Despite UCSD's past success against Loyola, Armstrong isn't 
taking the Lions lightly. 

"Since we beat them [so badly] earlier this season, I'm afraid 
they may really be aiming to defeat us," Armstrong said. 

• WOMEN'S SOCCER: 
Pomona-Pitzer at UCSD, Today, 3:00 p.m. 

The UCSD women's soccer team fell one spot in the national 
rankings (from second to third) this week as a result of its 4-1 loss 
to Cal Poly Pomona last week, adding increased significance to 
today's game against the Sagehens. 

Head Coach Brian McManus noted that lomorrow's game will 
be a crucial Division ill matchup in preparation for the NCAA 
regionals. 

If past years are any indication, the Tritons should be in for a 
cakewalk. UCSD has outscored Pomona-Pitzer 23-0 through three 
games, spanning the last two seasons. 

Included in that stretch are a 10-0 victory two years ago, and a 
9-0 win during last season's march to the NCAA Division III 
National Championship . . 

- LES BRUVOLD and PETER KO 

The UCSD Guardian 

M. SOCCER 
Continued from page 24 
secuti ve trip to the western 
regionals. 

"Oh God, yes. I'm glad it's 
over," Armstrong said. 

The first of the 14 corner kicks 
was by freshman Kevin Legg, but 
it was denied on a head-block by 
Westminster's aggressive goalie 
Brian Cottam. Not only were the 
shots on goal nol going in, but 
Cottam did his best to keep it that 
way. 

That didn't stop UCSD from 
attaCking, as midfielders Mike 
Lodoen and Jarret Stevenson kept 
delivering the ball to forwards 
Kevin Legg and Chris Hanssen for 
repeated shots on the Parsons' goal. 

UCSD's dominance of the game 
continued until Westminster took 
advantage of a break in the Triton 
defense. Forty minutes into the 
game, Westminster' s Bill 
Sedgewick broke into the open 
field, scoring the first and only 
goal for the Parsons. 

Minutes later, the Tritons 
evened up the score by getting the 
first penalty kick of the game, as 
West's shot landed safely in the 
left side of the net, knotting the 
score at the half, I-I. 

At the start of the second half, 
Westminster became more ag-
gressive, but their renewed effort 
only earned them two quick yellow 
cards. 

Westminster slowly began to 
fade as the second half continued, 
and the Tritons capitalized on the 
Parsons' sluggish performance to 

Mixing BUSINESS 
with Pleasure 

ALPHA KAPPA PSI 
Co-Ed Profesional Business Fraternity 

Come by our RUSH TABLE at the 
PRICE CENTER PLAZA 

SPORTS 17 

8rl.., Morris! Guardian 
Mike Lodoen and the Tritons jumped to No. 5 in the nation. 
regain the upper hand. 

Theirfrustration apparent, it was 
only a matter of time before 
Westminster would be penalized 
again. 

Ironically enough, the second 
goal was scored on a penalty kick 
by West. Once again, the ball was 
belted into the left side of the net, 
leaving Cottam in his tracks. 

Wesoninster quickly lost hope 
of corning back as they were 
overwhelmed by UCSD's confi-
dent passing and teamwork. 

"It feels good to win, especially 
after four tough matches," UCSD 
midfielder Mike Lodoen said after 
the game. 

"1 had a feeling we were going 
to win, especially in the second 
half." 

UCSD has four games left in 
the season, including Tuesday's 
rough m' .ch against Loyola 
Marymounl. 

"It's up to us now as a team to 
win the next three [games]," 
Armstrong said. 

Wednesday, October 10 - Wednesday, October 17 

INFORMATION NIGHT 
PRiCE CENTER THEATRE 

Wednesday, October 17 at 7 p.m. 

Your time has come, , , 
Saturday, October 27 



I • 

Insi hts ... 
PRICE CENTER CINEMA COMMITTEE 

Thinking of a career in the Movie Industry? We are now accepting 
new members. If you are interested in developing an exciting cinema 
program please call Matt Xavier at 534-1959 

PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE 
MEETING 

Every Tuesday at 4:30 pm in the Price Center Conference Room 8. 
Come get involved in programming. 

AoSoloO. 
A.S.I.O.'s National Intership Information Night is Thursday, Octo-

ber 18, 6:00 pm - 7:00 pm, in the Cove Room, Price Center. Please 
Come! 

FRIENDS FOR LIFE 
UCSD's Pro-Life club. Meeting Monday night, October 15, from 

6:00 - 7:00 pm in the Santa Barbara Room, Second Floor, Price Center. 
If you're pro-life, get involved! 

ASUCSD EARLY OUTREACH 
PROGRAM 

Get involved! Applications are available at the AS Office (Third 
Floor, Price Center) For more information, please contact Marilou 
Carter, Program Manager, 534-4450. 

UC STUDENT ASSOCIATION & 
THE STUDENTS OF UC IRVINE 

UCSA is the statewide association of UC Student governments. 
UCSA represents the 165,000 UC students before the Board of Regents, 
the State Legislature. and the UC Office of the President. 

CONFERENCE PANELS INCLUDE: 
Campus Climate; Community College Transfer; High School 

QuaJity of Eduation and Diversity; The Pipeline; Retention of Students, 
Faculty and Staff; Drugs in the Community; Financial Aid; Graduate 
Student Mentorships; Sexuality Issues in the Communities; Admissions. 

Invite you to attend: 
Making Public Education Public: The second annual UC Student 

of C%r Conference. November 3 - 4, 1990. 
Keynote speakers: Secretary of State March Fong Eu 

State Senator Art Torres 
UCB Chancellor Chang-Lin Tien 

Registration fee : $15 Students, $20 Faculty & Administrators 
Registration deadline: October 15, 1990. For more information, 

call Dulce Ledina, Lobby Annex Director, at 534-4450. To register, go 
to the 3rd floor Price Center, AS Offices. 

RoloSoC. 
Come skiing with R.I.S .C. 
November 21 - 26 
Salt Lake City, Utah 
For more infonnation, call 534-4402. 

STUDENT REGENT APPLICATIONS 
Available now in the following offices: 
ASUCSD - Price Center 
College Deans' Office 
Chancellor's Office 
Graduate Student Association Office - Price Center 
Office of Graduate Studies and Research 
School of Medicine - Student Affairs Office 
Student Affirmative Action Office - Bldg B - Student Center 
Student Information (EDNA) - Price Center 
University Events & Student Activities - Price Center 

Applications are due in the Chancellor's Office no later than 
5:00 pm, Friday, November 2,1990. 

UCSD GREENS 
Environmental Initiative Info Night, Tuesday, October 16,6:30 pm 

at Galbraith Hall 1438. Speakers and a video will help you to make 
informed choices when voting. 

STUDENTS FOR PRO-CHOICE 
First meeting will be next Tuesday, October 16, 7:30 pm in front of 

the Santa Barbara Room, 2nd Floor, Price Center. Excellent movie from 
Planned Parenthood will be shown, FREE! Come join the fight for 
women's rights! Men welcome, too! For more information, call 
453-0861 or 453-6858. 

AS RECRUITMENT 
ARE YOU INTERESTED IN THE POLmCAL ISSUES 

FACING US TODAY? DO YOU HA VB A FEW HOURS TO 
WORK ON STUDENT EMPOWERMENT? THE AS EXTER-
NAL AFFAIRS OFFICE NEEDS A FEW GOOD STUDENTS 
WHO WANT TO SEE A CHANGE FOR THE BETTER ON THE 
CAMPUS! 

If you are interested in fmding out more come to the 
CAMPUS WATCH booth at the gym steps M-F from 10-4. 

AS EXTERNAL AFFAIRS: Where ever it takes us .... 
What ever it takes 

Questions? Concerns? Comments? call Molly at 
534-4450 

INTERESTED IN POLITICS? 
Want the student's voice heard in the local community? 
Positions available for representatives of UCSD on the local city 
councils. 
• approximately 2-3 hours per week 
• meeting times: 

Monday 2:00 pm, or Tuesday 9:00 am or 2:00 pm 
First, second, and third Monday of the month 6:00 pm 
Other times TBA 

o a great way to earn community service/extracurricular hours 
• sound interesting? Call Karen at Associated Students, 

534-4450. 

AS MEETING 
Every Wednesday at 6:30 pm 
Price Center • Third Floor 

AU students tlTe invited to alUnd 

TGIF 
JeUyflsh 
October 26,4:30 pm 
FREE! 

PUB SHOWCASE 
Vladimir Kusmin 
October 26, 8:00 pm 
Triton Pub 

DIE HARD 2 
Fall Film Series 1990 
October 18, 6:30,9:00, 11 :30 pm 
Price Center Theatre 
Only $1.00, Students, Faculty, and Staff 

****SPECIAL SATURDAY SHOW **** 
October 20 

6:30, 9:00, 11 :30 pm 

UCSD INTERNATIONAL 
CLUB 

Halloween Party 
October 27,8:30 - Midnight 
International Center 
$3.00 at the door. 

SAN DIEGO SUN RUN 
The First Interstate Bank/San Diego Sun Run 

to be held at UCSD campus. 
Saturday, October 20, 7:30 am. 
5K, 4 x 5K Team Relay, and 5K Walk 
For more information, contact Charlie Zahl, 

452-7265. Register by October 17 at First Inter-
state-La 1011a branch or day of race from 6:00 am -
7:15 am. 

Free food & entertainment. All entrants 
receive a First Interstate Bank/San Diego Sun Run 
T-Shirt. Enter in drawing for round-trip tickets to 
Vancouver, B.C. 

MEChA 
Pachanga de Bienvenida 
Friday, October 19,6:00 pm - Midnight 
International Center 
Dine and Dance with La Raza 

,-------------------------, 
lAS NEWSFLASHES is produced by the Associated I 
~tudents of UCSD. To have an advertisement placed in AS I ~EWSFLASHES contact George Maurer (Public Relations : 
~ommissionel') at 534·4450. Deadline is every Wednesday at noon. -1 

EXCEL '90 
Greek Leadership Conference 
October 21, Sunday 
Price Center 
Registration - $5.00, due October 16. See your College Deans 

Office or University Events & Student Activities Office for details. 

COMMUTER BREAKFAST 
Every Tuesday, 7:30 - 9:30 am 
Warren Provost Conference Room, Lit Building, 2nd floor. 

TUDENT REPRESENTATIVES NEEDED 
Get involved in the planning of the future of UCSD! Undergradu-

student representatives are needed to serve on the following commit-
s. For an application and/or more information, contact the Associated 

tudents at xl. 44450, Price Center, Third Floor 

cohol & Substance Abuse Committee 
kstore Advisory Committee 

ampus/Community Planning Committee 
ampus Energy Committee · 2 year appoinlmenl 
anyonview Advisory Committee 
apital Outlay & Space Advisory Committee 
hancellor's Advisory Committee on Instructional Improvement Program 

2 appoinunenlS requested 
hancellor's Affll1Tlative Aclion Advisory Committee - I appointmenl & 

I a1temative appoinlment 
ommittee on the Status of Women - 1 appoinunent & I altemalive appoinnnent 
ay Care Center Advisory Committee - 2 appointments requesled 
nrollmenl Projections Review 
tercollegiale & Recreational Advisory Committee 

rship Developmenl Committee 
edia Policy Committee 
ew Housing Program Committee 

Campus Residential Food Service Advisory Committee - appointment musl be 
currenl residenl of the facilities 

arking & Transponation Advisory Committee 
gram Review Commiltee - slate of 2 to 3 to be submitted 10 committee for 

their selection 
egistration Fel! Advisory Committee 
esidential Apanments Advisory Commiltee - 2 appoinunents. both must be 

currenl residenls of the facilities, one married and one family 
cience Research Park Planning Committee 
ecurily Advisory Committee · 2 appoinnnents one commUler sludent and one 

residenl student 
tudent Study & Library Space Needs 
tudent Subcommittee Chancellor's Affmnative Action Advisory Committee 

- I appointment & I a11ernale appointmem 
ummer Session Advisory Committee 
.A. Developmenl Advisory Committee 
CSD Studenl Regulations Review Committee 
ndergraduale Affairs Masler Plan Committee 
ndergraduare Affairs Nalionallssues Forum 
niversity Community Planning Group 
ehicle Accident Review Board 
arren Residence Hall Building Advisory Commillee 

ne (1) ai-large representalive 10 the Cullural Programming Board 
wo (2) al·large representatives to the Sludent Organizalion Finance Board 
.5 .. Judicial Board Chair 
ulture Quesl Festival Chair 
un God Festival Chair 

Time is nJMing out. Inlerviews are being scheduled now. Application deadline is Tuesday, 
lober 16, 12 noon. 

ACADEMIC SENATE COMMITTEES 

Acade mic Freedom 
Admissions 
Affimative Action 
Campus & Corrrnunity Environment 
Computing 
Education Abroad Program 6. International Education 
CEP SubColllllittee on Undergraduate Courses 

,-



. , 

. , 

_2o __ C_LA __ SS __ IFIE ____ D_S _____________________________________ Th __ c_ U __ CS __ D __ G_uu ___ w_·an _______________________________ ~ __ o_nday,OctoberI5,1990 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ 's Pizza is still UCSD's finest origi· 
nal pizzeria. Tear outthe BJ's coupon 
and get your taste buds to BJ's. For 

U~SD's serious pizza eaters! (9/24· 
1 )/30) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
50%-90% off current fashions only at 
Apparel Designer Zone! See our ad 
in today's paper or call the hotiine at 
450-3323. (9124-10/19) 
PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait 
Xeroxes and more . Near SI. 
Germains. 452-9949. (9/24-11130) 
Writing Help. I've discoveredlcreate-'l 
unique. Fun -yes, funl approaches 
for serious projects. Begin481-1 810. 
(1013-11130) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faCUlty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore , ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p .m. Thursday for Monday' s 
issue, 3 p.m. Monday for Wednesday's issue. and 3 p .m . Wednesday for Friday's issue. The 
Guordian reserves the right to refuse any advenising including but not limited to 
companionship ads. For more information call 534-5416. Mailing address:UCSD Guord-
ian, 0316, 9500 Gilman Drive. La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center 
A , lOp floor. 

Scholarships/grants for college are 
available. Millions go unclaimed 
yearly. Call 1-800-334-3881. (101S· 
11 /14) 
Mexico, Beach, Sun, Volleyball, Lob· 
ster, PARTY_ Rosarito Beach Fall 
Fiesta, November 16-18. CALL 793-
0492. (1 0/1 0-1 0/17) 
ADVERTISING REPRESENTA· 
TIVES needed althe Guardian. Flex-
ible hours, good pay and the absolute 
BEST experience for any career after 
UCSD. Call Michael, 534-3467. (101 
12-10/31) 
Golden Key National Honor Society 
meeting, October 15th at 7 in the 
Santa BarbaraILA Room in the Price 
Center. All old and prospective mem-
bers welcome! (1 0/1 2-1 0/15) 
PRE DENTAL CLUB meeting. Any· 
one interested in dentistry is wei· 
come. Next Wed. Oct. 17,6:30 p.m. 
Room to be announced in next 
Guardian. For information, contact 
Jeff 633-1 931 . (1 0/1 5) 

EastlWest Horizons is a journal that 
provides a forum for writers on Asian 
American issues. What do you feel 
strongly about? Weekly meetings 
Tue. 5:30 p.m., Rm. 207 above Soft 
Reserves. Writers, illustrators, pro· 
duction people are all welcome. Con-
tact Ed Lim 558-8786 for more 
info.{1 0/1 5-1 0/22) 

A.S. Internship Office winter quarter 
deadlines are October 19th. 534-
4689, 3rd floor, Price Center. (10/15-
10/1 9) 

BIG GREEN, documentary to sup· 
port Prop 128 to handle the environ· 
mental crisis. Video free every M&W 
at noon, MCC 221 3rd College Media 
Center. (1 0/15-11/5) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT 
UCSDIJewish Campus Centers pro· 
vide warmth , education, prayer, so· 
cializ ing. Connect w ith Union of 
Jewish Studentsl 502 Matthews; east 
of the Price Center. Call Rabbi 
Slotnick, 534-2521 . (10/1 5) 

Assistant Actuarial 
Analysts 

ON·CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
OCTOBER 22 

A recent survey of 250 careers by the Jobs Rated Almanac 
ranked the actuarial field as the 11 profession in the nation. 
Actuaries enjoy low stress levels, high salaries, and an even 
higher job outlook. At Fireman's Fund, one of the largest U,S. 
property casualty insurance companies, you'll also work in a 
friendly, stable, and stimulating environment. 

The Opportunities: 
• Advancement into senior management in as little as 5 years 
• Time to study the 10 Casualty Actuarial Society exams on 

the job 
• Gain expertise in a variety of disciplines within the company 

The Responsibilities: 
• Forecast the company's financial performance 
• Project costs based on future contingent events 
• Determine required insurance rates and liabilities 
• Present results to management 

The Requirements: 
• BS in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics. or Finance 
• Minimum 3.0 GPA 
• Ability to perform complex business analyses 
• Solid communication skills 
Check with your placement office for more information. EOE. 

a 
--Fireman's 

Fund 
We Insure Good ews. 

The .s. Gov!. cover·up of the inves· 
tigation of the US military air crash 
which occurred over Gander, New-
foundland in which over 250 soldiers 
died: Video, then discussion led by 
Gene Wheaton, ex·mili tary investi-
gator, who is now representing the 
families in a reinvestigation . Thurs-
day, October 18 at 7:30pm at the 
University Lutheran Church and Stu· 
dent Center at 9595 La Jo"a Shores 
Drive. (SW corner at North Torrey 
Pines Rd. across from UCSD). Free. 
272-5974 for more info. (10/15-101 
17) 
A.S. Internship Office National Info. 
Night is Oct. 18th, 6-7pm, Price Cen-
ter, Cove Room: CNN, Enserch En-
gineering, Nat' l Gallery of Art, Fed· 
eral Reserve, Supreme Court, Wash. 
Post, UN, more!l ! 534-4689. (10115-
10/17) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - EIec1roIogIS1: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Stu-
dent discounts. 558-46441226-I 962. (9/ 
24-1/14) 
Piano lessons - my North County studio 
or In your home. Ear training, theory, im· 
provisatlon, beginners-Intermediates, 
most styles. Steve, 942-8179. (1011-101 
22) 
WRITING Help Irom UC·Grad Tutorl 
WriterlResearcher. All projects welcome. 
Productive, lntensel Start Early. 481-181 o. 
(1013-11130) 
Papers typedl Quick and affordable. From 
$2/pg. Call W Colony Resumes & Pr0-
fessional Typing. 455-8357. Laser printingl 
60 typestyles to choose froml One day 
setVice available. (1015-1113O) 

WORD PROCESSING, 4.0 English SkIlls, 
term papers, experienced dissertations, 
7 -day week, rush jobs, relerences 755-
2683. 
(1 Ot'1 0-1 0129) 
WORD PROCESSING. Term papers, 
theses. Prinllldon laser printer. Top quality. 
reasonable rates. Howard, (619) 274-
0957. (1 0110-10t'19) 
TYPING: TERM PAPERS. ETC .• RUSH 
JOBS AT NO EXTRA CHARGE. 453-
0656. (10/3-11130) 

TYPINGlWORD PROCESSING. PICK-
UP AND DELIVERY AVAILABLE. FAST 
SERVICE. LOW RATES. CALL931 ·7857, 
8 am.-5 p.m. (1 0/12-10122) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Word Pro-
cessing. Reports, Speeches, Disserta-
tions, Manuscripts, Presentations. Expe-
rienced. Laser Printer. Student RatesI753-
5964. (10115) 

NEED TUTORING In math, physics, or 
biology? Call William at 534-0797 or 457-
7872. (10115) 

, WANTED 
Research: Healthy women ages 18-30. 
Long, irregular menstrual cycles. Involves 
sleeping with light 5 nights. dally blood 
drawing one cycle. Payment: $IOt'draw 
($350+). Message: 552·8585 ext 3219 
"menstrual study." (9128-10t'19) 
Childcare needed In Del Mar 4:30-7:00 
some days. Own car. 755-6 I 72. (1 Ot'5-1 01 
31) 
Delivery driver lor pizza restaurant. Must 
be 18 and have good driving record and 
dependable car. 4 or 5 eves per _k 
5:45-10 p.m. Hourly pay plus tips. Apply in 
person 3-6 p.m. DiMattia's Pizza & Pasta. 
8650 Genesee 1312, San Diego. (l0t'5-
10122) 

Teacher: after-school childcare program 
in University City. Afternoons $5.751hr. 
Contact Sandy, 565-4 148 ('018-1 0115) 

Attention prospective bands: Are you 
good? Want III jam on Fridays in front 01 
live audlencas? Want 10 be paltof UCSD's 

~ tradition? If 80. call Pavan at 546-
8701 . (1018-10t'19) 

Wanted: Socialfy active students Inter· 
ested in becoming o.tInalions Unknown 
Repleserrta1lves lor the RoswtIO Beach 
Fall F1esta, November 16-18. Enjoy FREE 
trips, T-shirts, IobIIt8r din,..., bonuMs 
and good times. Steve 793-0492. (10110-
10115) 

TRADE 2 or 4 tk:kets for Jane's Addiction. 
Want Friday night's show, have Saturday 
night's show. Dan 450-3039. (101'0-101 
15) 

Happy with your present salary? I need 
people who want to make more ASAP 
(619) 758-4602. (10/10-'1/30) 

-,~~ 
rAf{fIJI--: 

PIZZA AND PASTA CAFE 
COSTA VERDE CENTER . 8650 Genessee 1312 • 455-5211 

"Best Pizza overall in the Golden Triangle" 
MIIropoIIIn 1IIgaInI, AprIl 18110 

Pizza by the Slice 
Pasta 
Lasagna 
Salads 
Desserts 

tI Free Delivery 
tI No Preservatives 
tI Student Discounts 

PRESENT STUDENT 1.0. FOR 10% DISCOUNT 
NalYIIid wi1h rnr _ cbaIunlliroted deliYtry _ Rl1irnIs. I.Ini!un 0Ide0' ,..n1 

--------------------I LARGE Di Mattia's Pizza wHh PIppIronI, $999 I Mushrooms, Olives, Green Ptppers, & Onions I 
L TiN out or .....-y. Mt.et "' • ...-.1 ClOUpOII. Lm\ed line ofItt. Not valid .... .,., o4hor ciIIcooIA .J 
--------------------

Telemarkelers wanled. Flexible hrs. 7 
a.m.-' 1 a.m. or , 1 a.m.-3 p.m., hourly 
wage plus commission weekly, close to 
school. Fun envlronmentl If you are a 
motivated person who wants the chance 
to make up to $450 per week call now. 
566-4569. (1018-10119) 
Teen Hotl ine volunteer supervisors 
needed. Must be 21. Good experience, 
grad psych students. 278-7306. (10112-
10115) 
Earn $225-$51 0 per week In your spare 
lime, extra Income with classl Call Tony 
581 -3323. (10/1 2-10/17) 
ADVERTISING REPRESENTATIVES 
needed al the Guardian. Flexible hours, 
good pay and the absolute BEST experi· 
ence for any career after UCSD. Cali 
Michael, 534-3467. (10/12-10131) 
Roommate. Male, nonsmoker. 
CLAIREMONT. Own room. $250 plus,/3 
utilities. 565-7538. (10/12-10117) 
Experienced student to transfer B mm 
films onto VHS and make copies. $100. 
Eileen. 457-1575. (10112-10/17) 
Piano teacher needed to help undergrad 
with classical training expand into con· 
temporary. Fee negotlabie. 558-1547. (101 
'2-10/1 5) 
JANE'SADDICTION tickets needed. Let's 
make a deal - call Jason at 452-5929. 
(10112-'0117) 
Earn $1001 Need hea~hy right-handed 
Caucasian males ages 18-28 for a study 
01 the eyeblink reflex. Study requires 3 
weekday visits to UCSD Medical Center. 
Call 543-2496 for information. (10/15) 
WANTED : 1-2 tix lor JUANAS 
ADDICCION. Call Shane or Mike, 793-
0981 . PLEASE I ('0115) 
PAAT-TIMESOFTWARETESTERS. Test 
Windows-based desktop publishing, da· 
tabase, and spreadsheet software. A high 
level of PC and MS-DOS experience is 
required. Experience using Microsoft 
Windows or Macintosh software desir' 
able. Good analytical skills a must. Salary: 
$5.00-$7.00 per hour. Hours: 2Cl-3O per 
week (Tuesday and Thursday full days 
prelerable. (1 0115) 
FREE TREATMENT FOR ATHLETE'S 
FOOT. Volunteers needed for clinical 
trial of new athlete's foot spray medica· 
tion. Please call UCSD Hea/thline at 
543-5820 for more information. (10115-
10118) 

FOR SALE 
Full size futon, 8", with 3-posltlon frame. 
Excellent condition, unused. Will de-
liver-$15010b0. Please call 558-0148. 
eves. after 5:30p.m. (1015-10117) 
Round oak dining table, 42" diameter 
with extension leaf. Four oak chairs 
included, _II maintained. beautiful 
condition. Ught complexion easily In· 
cluded In any decor. AskIng $35OIobo. 
Please call 558-Q148, will dellverl (101 
5-10/17) 
FOR SALE: IBM PC Juniai'. Color ter· 
mlnal, Okldata MicfoIlne 92 printer. 
MAKE AN OFFER, CALl 270-9220. 
(1015-1113O) 
Peugeot racing bike. Avocet cyclom-
eter. Good condition. New $480, ask-
ing $250. Miguel 457-0976. {1018-101 
1 

~onday, October 15, 1990 

STEREO FOR SALE. rack system, tOO-wa1l 
amplHler, tuner, 2O·band graphic equalizer. 
dual tape deck, 2 speakers with '5 inch 
woofers. Excellent sYltem. S5S0 or best 01· 
fer. 587-8898. (10110-10115) 
H.P.28Scalculator. Ukenew. Whypay$175? 
Yours lor only $100. 558·7338. Leave meso 
sage. (10110·10115) 
TOYOTA 1987 Canvy, auto. air. AMlFM 
Casselle. priced at $6,999. 
TOYOTA' 990 Celica. auto. air. spedal sale 
$11,499. More selections available. 100% 
linancing. OAC. Call 693·3705 DLR. (10/1 O· 
'0115) 
Guitar, Flylng·V wHh Seymour Duncan and 
case, 5100. Amp, Crate G-20, $'20. Jef1, 
558·5745. ('0110-101'9) 
'73 Datsun wagon - sounds old - insides 
all NEW. This is IhecarforYOU- 299-2561 . 
(1 0112-1 Ot'19) 
CONDO FOR SALE. Del Mar, 2 bedroom, 2 
bath. 2 patklng spaces. West of 1·51 Close to 
UCSD campus, beaches. and channing vii· 
lage. Call for appointmenl, 75s-.736. By 
owner. 5119,500. (10112·10117) 
Del Mar- why rent1$1 12,90000nd0. 2 BR, 
2 BA. pool. spa. beach I mile. Chris. 931 · 
fYiin. (10112-1 tl14) 
Hawaii TIX, one-way. Leave Oct. 31. Paid 
$2SO, sell for SISO/0b0. Brian. 483-5321 . 
(10112-10115) 
COMPUTE FROM HOME III A\IaI8X 1200 
Baud Modem. Excellent con<iilion. 5SO/0b0. 
558-83-42. (10112-101'5) 
JANE'S ADDICTION TICKETSI - Friday 
1112 and Saturday l' /3 at the Price Center 
Ballroom. 51 SO each. 273-2710. ('0112-101 
22) 

REFRIGERATOR - large dorm-sized unit 
(4 cubic leet). like nawl W~I deliver. $95 or 
best. 273-2710. (10112·1 (115) 
Couch & Exec. swivel chair $50 each. 2 end 
tables $25 each. Call Joe 233-1957. (1 (115) 
1989 Honda Clvic LX-low miles. loaded, mint 
oondItIon $9,600. Call 536-1240 -Janna. (101 
'5-1(117) 
SEIZED CARS, trucks, 4wheelers. Ws. 
stereos fumlture, computers by DEA, FBI, 
IRS and US customs. Avallable yoUr area 
now. CaIlI-805-8B2-7555 Ext. C·1199 (101 
15) 
DISCOUNT AIR FARES. RESERVE HOLl-
DAY TRAVEL NOW. USA. EUROPE. FREE 
BONUS MILES. 48'-12&4. (101'5) 
'988 Yamaha 125z scooter. '000 miles. 
petfKl condition. $'200 o.b.o. Call KurtlKarl 
459-8576. (10115-1 (117) 

Diet 
Center 
I1J(! u <d[!hl-loss professio,raJ<." 
Free Consultltlon. 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 

Daily Diet Tips from 
Diet Center 

1 {900}990-TIHN 
95C per minJSI.50 f..r min. 

7467 CUYlER (off Pearl) 
459-5979 

Surlboard, 8'3" Surfside Sports thruster with 
bag and leuh. $200. Wellult, men's medium 
O'NelI2l3,SI00. C_a.CanonAE·l SLR, 
$' SO. Everythingi" excellent condition I Drew. 
458-13$' . (IOt't5) 

HOUSING 
Female roommate needed to share beauti· 
fullyfumished2BR, 2.5 BAcondonear UCSD. 
All amenkles. $425 plus 112 uti~Iles. Prof! 
grad student prelerred. Sharon, eves or leave 
message, 567-6093. (1015-10117) 

Roommate; female non· smoker. Available 
nowl $400 per month. deposH negotiable, 11 
2ullllties. 'Omin. 10 UCSD. Own room wtba. 
great apartmentl Call 270-4'87. (1018-101 
'9) 

ApIIrtrnent close to ~s. Female. non· 
smoker roommat8(s) w.1I8d. $3SOown room, 
$2501share. Call 450-0895. (1~10-10115) 

Need Christian Graduate roommate. $2401 
month. Own room. Mesa ApIs. Leave meso 
sage at 554·0752 or 3951 -A Miramar St. or 
I RIPS oIflce (for Abel GaJlndo) with S8Q'etary. 
('0110-10115) 

For Rent: 3 BR Encinitas Beach House. surf 
close, S 1200/mo. Call 585·9212. (101'0-101 
15) 
Roommalewanted-shara2bedroom house 
In Pacific Beach. Own room, 011 street park. 
ing. one block to Bay. $375 plus 112 utilHies. 
Call Chris, 273-5742. (10112·10122) 
Own room with private bath and view of Bay 
In lurnlshed 2 bedI2 bath P.B. condo with 
pooI/spa: $400 Incl. cable and uti!. 459-8162. 
(10112-10115) 

La Jolla: Furnished room. privale entry and 
bath. Walk to beach, 2 miles to UCSD, on 
bustine. t.AIcrowave, fridge, laundry lacilities. 
Femafe preferred. $4'S/month. 459·536' . 
('0112-10119) 

Share room in Pacific Beach. 2 bedroom. 2 
bath. laundry, dish, flreplace, garage, all 
amenities. Near beach and Bay. $249/mo. 
Call Joe at 453-1 '43. (10112·10115) 

Own room in huge house, La Jolla Shores 
Drive, 5 min. walk to UCSD. Microwave. 
dshwasher, laundry. Available now or' '11 . 
0eI. rent paid, move in now. Don1 pay til Nov. 
3701month. Chris 558-2298. (I (115) 
Female roommate needed for beautiful La 
Jolla International Gardens apartment com-
plex 3-5 minutes from C8IT1QUS with pool. spa. 
gym. microwave, dishwasher Md more. $3411 
mo. JennHer at 558-6053. (10115-10119) 

The UCSD Guuwan 

REPOSSESSED VA & HUD HOMES avail-
able from government from S 1 without credit 
check. You repair. AIao tax delinquent for8-
closures CALL 1-805.a82-7555 EXT H·' 443 
for repa list • your area. (10115) 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: Goldanklel Calltoidentily. x42487. 
(9128·1 (122) 
IIiREWARDIIllost Camera - Lost oUlslde 
GH Thurs. Night 1014. No Questions Asked 
- CalI4S2·7001 Nancy. ('01'0-10115) 
REWARD; Lost 1018. ladies gold bracelel, 
gold charm with cancer sign? Sentimental . 
450,,9738, Vatei. ('0112-10117) 
LOST: Ray Ban Wayfarers, afternoon' 0/5 In 
women's bathroom by GH 1438. REWARO, 
call S5B-0362. ('01'2·101'5) 

PERSONALS 
Beautiful outdoor dining overlooking Torrey 
Pines golf coursel Tasty. nutritious cuisine, 
all you can eat salad bar... Choices 554-
FOOD. (20% discounl wi UCSD 10). (9124· 
11130) 
Did you seethe Costa Verde FREE LUNCH 
DEAL? When you spend $50- anywhere in 
the mall, (yes 8\/en groceries at Big Baar) in 
the month of October. you get a S5 lunch 
FREEl (1015·'01'9) 
WANT TO STUDY, WORK. OR TRAVEL 
ABROAD? Come to QUEST INTERNA-
TIONAL '901 Meet representatives 01 interna-
tional unlversilies, U.S. Srudy Abroad 
Sponsors. WorkIIntemshlp Program Spon. 
sors. FRIDAY 10/19. 10 a.m.-3 p.m .. Int'! 
Cenler. (10112-10117) 
Communlcation-oriented? Energelic? Posi· 
tive altitude? Join tefemarketing lundraisersl 
On-carnpus, flex hrs. $7 plus bonus. 567· 
, 565. (10/12-101'5) 
ADVERTISING REPRESENTATIVES 
needed at the Guardian. Flexible hours, good 
pay and the ab80iute BEST experience for 
any car_ after UCSD. Call Michael , 534-
3487. (10112·10131) 
VISA OR MASTERCARDI Even il bankrupt 
or bad creditl We Guaraniee you a card or 
lIIliItB your money back. Call 1-805-88.2-
7555 EXT M-l052. (10115) 
STUDY OR WORK IN SPAIN I Applications 
and Advising TUESDAY, 101161 :30-3 p.m .. 
International Center Conference Room. (101 
15) 
To all UCSDGreeks:Greatjob on a Fantastic 
1990 Fall Rush. Let's keep " going strongl 
The sislers 01 Pi Beta Phi. ('01'5) 

'No/IO f!»Cft'd S I . 50 
an adventure In cards & gifts 

mo RegenlS·Rd. 
La Jolla Colony Plaza next 10 Vons 

450-0709 

You Can Become A 

DOCTOR OF CHIROPRACTIC 

PALMER 
COLLEGE OF CHIROPRACTIC 

WEST 
Santa Clara, CA 

Find Out How ••• 

OmniHotel 
Wed., October 24 • 7:30 PM 

910 Broadway Circle. Coronado Rm. • San Diego 
A Palmer Colleae of Chiropractic West 
Admi •• jgn. RCPECRntltiye will disCYI'; 

Careers in Chiropractic 
Palmer West'S Program and Facilities 

Admissions Procedures (1 Financial Aid Opportunities 

Fllr furlill'r rlllllflll ,tt lOIl lin thl ' P,IIIllI'r \'!!".I 
PIII ' IH'IIIVI' ',jllill nt r.1l'l'tlllq I .11 t ll il 11t '1' 

1(800) 442 .. 4476 
-

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

La Jolla Village Center 
near Ralphs 

• Resume Package 
• Self Serve Rental 
• 24 Hour Access 
• Close to Campus 

-----------------------------------

10% Off Self Serve Macintoshi8) Rental with 
this coupon. Expires 11-15-90 

Discover 

Educaid'" 
THE srul)f N T l(;A r~ SP[ IA l IS1!i 

Student 
Loans by 

Phone 
1;800;347., 7667 

Lend.:r oJe 05 

( " " "f ........ ___ ' Ornl',IIllC' 
L-_____ I_h_~l_C _I_,,,_, ~_',l_~<_"_. _C_"'_'''_n_er_(I_.,I _L'_~'_n> __ . _SI_u,_le_',,_L_ .. _.,,_" _ ~ 



22 SPORTS 

CB~ Copy 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 

VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
PROFESSORS NOTES 

Book Binding 

Copies while you wait 

3211 Holiday a (next to Domino 's Pi%%a) • 452-9949 
M-F 8:30-6 p.m. E. 11 1 5 90 Sat . 1-4 p.m. 

Fact ... Over 55 Caifonlastudents managed 1heira.vn bJsinesses last summer 
Fact ... Their average earrlngs klr the SUrTYTJer ct 1990 were $10,700 
Fact ... They CXlIl1inued D rxove a deca:hllng tra::k rerord in bJsiness 
Fact ... These students at managed ~ SIudent Painters and ganed vaUtlIe 
mana;JOO1E!f1I expertise 
Fact ... ~ terrOOries wil be filed ~ the end ct Noverrber 
Mcmagament hiring DOW taldng place fOl" the summer of 1991 

Price Center Gameroom presents: 

Nine Ball 
TournaUlent 

CASH PRIZES FOR THE WINNERS! 
Date: Thursday - October 18, 1990 

Time: 7:00 pm 

Live and Study in Spain 
Madrid/ Salamanca 

New York University in Spain offers an ideal way to master the 
Spanish language and experience Hispanic culture in Madrid or 
Salamanca. Courses conducted in Spanish. 
Undergradu* Division: Open to Spanish majors and qualified 
students in all fields. Courses in language, literature, civilization, 
Spanish politics, cultural anthropology, sociology, fine arts, 
music, and cinema. Full academic accreditation. 
Graduate Division: 'TWo programs- M.A. in literature and 
M.A. in Hispanic ciVilization, plus courses applicable toward the 
PIl.D. degree. 

A limited version of the above 
programs is offered during the 
summer session in Salamanca. 
For more information, call 
(212) 998-8760 or mail the 
attached coupon. 

--------------------New ~ UIII**y Please send me more information about New 
l ID SpIll. York University in Madrid or Salamanca I fieallty of Ana .... ~ I 19 University Place 0 Underaraduatc 0 Madrid or 0 Salamanca I I Room 409 0 M . .A •• 0 Madrid or 0 Salamanca I 

New York. N.Y. 10003 0 Ph.D. 
I Attn.: Professor Salvador Name I 
I Manlnez Address I 
I Ne .. York Universily i. In City/Stlte/Zip Code I I affirmative lClion/equll I 
I opporlunily instilulion Soc. Sec. No. _ I 

'-'----------------------' 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 15,1990 

THE 1990 WORLD SERIES 

A POSITION-BY-POSITION ANALYSIS : BY PHIL GRUEN 
ATHLETICS 

[lJ 
[lJ 
D 
D 
D 

D 

CATCHER: Joe Oliver came out of nowhere to help the Reds behind the plate this year. He'll hit the occasional 
long ball and nail runners frequently, but Rickey Henderson and the rest of the A's speedst81S will give him 
fits. Teny SteiOO8ch is adequate defensively, has more big-game experience, and hit consis1ently in the 
playoffs. Edge to A's. 

FIRST BASE: Marti McGwire had a lousy average this year, but he SIll managed to M 39 homers and drive 
in 110 runs. Hal Morris has added a decent left-hand baI to tl18 Reds' ~neup, but Todd Benzinger had a subpar 
year and is showing no signs of improvement. Edge to A'I. 

SECOND BASE: The A's would have had a better chance of winning this matchup ij Walt Weiss was heallhy, 
but his injury forces Mike Gallego CMlr to short and puts Willie Randolph at second base. Randolph's had 
plenty of Wood Series experience in his long car&er, but he's no Mariano Duncan. Duncan's got speed and 
will hiI for power. Edge to RtdI. 

THIRD BASE: This one's close. Carney Lansford helped the A's In the firsl couple of games in the playoffs 
by singling the Red Sox to death, but had an un-Lansford-like year. Chris Sabo put up the best numbers of 
his career this year and can break a game wide open. Slight tcIgI to Rads. 

SHORTSTOP: Mike Gallego can field with the best of them, which is probably the oily reason the A's keep 
him. Even though he rapped a big hiI in game four the other day, Gallego hits aboul as consistently as Johnnie 
LeMaster. Barry Lar1<in has established himself as lhe best shortstop in the National League, if not in IlasebaJI. 
Lar1<in's consistent hitting helped the Reds stay atop the NL West all year. BIg tcIgI to RedI. 

LEFT FIELD: Probably the best matcll-up in this series, pitting two of the lop players in the game today. Eric 
Davis is defiritely one of baseball 's premiere players, and when he's hot, he's down~ scary. Davis can do 
~ all , but Rickey Henderson can do even more than thai, which is nearly impossible. Henderson didn1 make 
much noise in the playoffs, but he's been hitting the ball on the nose of late and his numbers lhis year should 
be enough to tjve tim the MVP. SlIght edge to A's. 

CENTER FIELD: Billy Hatcher has been a pfeasan!surprise for the Reds this year, filing in nicely and adding 
a little more punch to the top pan of the lineup. But Hatche~s small·time aocompIishments pale In comparison 
10 the A's flashy combination of power and speed in Dave Henderson and Willie McGee. Henderson will 
probably see more action than McGee in this series - simply because he hils right·1landed and the Reds 
pitching staff is laden with southpaws - but McGee $V.itell-lits and has 90110 be basebafl"s best player on 
the bench. Henderson also has a knack for the postseason, and La Russa will give him his opporturities. BIg 
edge to A'$. 

RIGHT FIELD: Paul O'Neill had a lorrid NLCS and provides extra power to the midde of the Reds' lineup. But 
he was fairly inconsistent this year, and may spf~ time with Glenn Braggs, who finally made a name for himself 
with his ninth inning heroics the other day. Jose Cansaco has a sore trumb and hililke a pansy In the playoffs, 
but all of the other all-stars on the A's have taken tim out of the ~ and he's ready 10 break out with a 
vengeance. Even with a back injury lhis year wI1ch forced him 10 miss over 30 games, Canseco still hH 37 
homers and drove In 10' runs. Edge to A'I_ 

STARTlNG PITCHING: The Reds have three decent starters in Jose Rijo, Tom l;Irowning, and Danny 
Jackson, but that's really all you can say about them. These guys are merefy decent. R1jo had a good second-
half, and showed ftashes of brilliance, but more often than not he's just a ftash in the pan. R1jo may, however, 
have something cooked up against his fonner team. Browning is an abov&-average pitcher, but he's nothing 
special. Dave Stewart, Bob Welch, and Mike Moore make ~ the finest pitching core in the American League, 
and rival the Mets' staff for the best in basebaI. Dave Slewart picked up his fourth 2O-win season in a row this 
year, and is very Intimldaling when he's on the mound. He won last yeal's WOI1d Series MVP and could easily 
do n again. Welch is not overpowering and he won' strike out a lot of people, I:ut he'" only allow a few runs 
and let the A's hillers do lhe rest - which Nl8Y do. Hell, you cooId roll me ot.! there 35 times a year and I'd 
win pitcling for this leam. Edge to A's. 

REUEF PITCHING: Another close one. Dervis Eckersfey Is the most teared reliever In the game (thelle two 
teams have got lots of 'best" players in the game-and justifiably so). When EckersleyOOlll8S into the game, 
",S usually lights out for the .opposition - wary time. He's still haunted by Gibson's punishing blow in the '88 
series, and he's not likely to make a similar misIake. Rick Honeycutt tjves the A's an adequate Ieft·handed 
setup man, and occassional closer. The Reds' reiievers are the main reason the team made ~ to the World 
Series, and even though they don' like to be retened to as lhe 'Nasty Boys.' Randy Myers and Rob Dibble 
are very, very nasty. The oo-winners of the NLCS MVP-award, Dibble and Myers come In In the lat&-Innings 
and throw 95+ heaters which nobody can touch. Noon Char1ton is also qutte nasty In a _ role, and helps 
round out baseball's best bullpen. Edge to RedI. 

BENCH: Depending upon who starts, the Reds will probably have Glenn Braggs, Hal Morris, Luis OuiIIonIs, 
Ron Cester, Jeff Reed, and Harm Winningham on the bench. A decent crew - but .'s not going to threater1 
anybody. The aoquisition of Harold Baines and Wile McGee in earty September forces the A's to put at least 
one former all-star on the bench - and maybe two. Baines will DH when the series fIICMIS to QaIdand, but 
his powerful bat will probably be used lor pinch-hitting purposes. Edge to A'I-

MANAGING: Lou Pinella did an admirable job keeping the Reds atop the NL West - somehow - despite 
a sub-.500 second half. But his on-the-lald antics (throwing first base around) and his oft-the-lald comments 
do nol give him brownie poi~. T any La Russa Is a baseball saer.ist, and his computerized manner of 
researching and scouting the games Is envied by learns everywhere - and frequendy copied. La Rueea rarefy 
makes a dumb move. Edge to A'I. 

OVERALL: The Cincinnati Reds are the best learn the A's have faced this year - which Is probably the way 
tt should be, being a World Series and all . The Reds have a good team -very good,lnfact -but the A'ssinW 
have a better one. The Reds have sold hitting, adequate starting pitching, outstardng 1811ef, and good 
defense. But the A's 118 outIIanding in all four ~. Irjlries to Weiss, Canseco, and McGIe, all blg-time 
players, IIOI*l normaIy hamper a baI!ctub. But the A's have so many weapons they IIOI*l probably win this 
thing If halfthetearn missed the plane night. The onfy way they1t lose Is !fthey hit anocherpostSeaSOn roadblock 
(recal the '88 series) - which is entirely possible - but don' count on~. The A's may let the Reds take a 
game or two just to make things Il1IlII8SIing, but Cincinnati should not pose too much of a challenge. Tille the 
A'.lnfM. 

. 

REDS 

D 

D 
D 

D 
D 

D 
D 
D 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 23 

Traveling Tritons Fight Off Weariness 
• The men's and women's cross country teams hit the road once 
again to compete in the Cal Poly SLO Invitational Saturday 

Zucherman (51 ~t , 20:22). 
"Karen and Yolanda did very 

well and posted a lot fa ter times 
than they had in previou meets," 
Stanforth said. 

The Tritons were paced by Erik 
Kinney, who came In ninth overall 
in a time of 26:31 

By Las Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

OnrheroadagailJ .. Ijl/stcan·, 
wait '0 ger 011 the road again . . 

No, it's not Willie Nelson 
strumming his guitar at another 
FarmAid concert . 

It's this season's story for the 
UCSD men's and women's cross 
count ry teams. 

After traveling to the Stanford 
Invitallonal two weeks ago, the 
Tritons hit the road once again this 
weekend as they competed in the 
Cal Poly San Lui Obispo Invita-
tional on Saturday. 

Despite being weary from run-
ning the week before at lheStanford 
Invitational in Palo Allo, both 
UCSD squads"performed well [at 
Cal Pol y SLO J" according to Head 

.1 
4c""8S Convoy SI 

KeamyMesa 
576-8542 

'3 32nd & Main 
San Diego 

281-9083 

'2 
1800 B Rosecrans 

PI. LO'lla 
225-0279 

14 
3443 Unlver51ly 

North Park 
280-9883 

• We bag every comic 
• We offer Free Discounts 
, In-store subSCription service 
, Special holds & searches 
, We're open until 7 p.m. every day 

Cosmetic & Family 
DENTISTRY 
Take' bile out 

01 your d'~lIta concerns 

274-BITE 
27·P483 

CHAMPUS & most 
inSUranCE accepted 
Alter we, ~ Alter class 

and Saturday 'lppOtnlments 

4453 Clairemont Mesa Blvd_ 
(corner of Genesee) 

I 
I 

! 
rsll 

eMIIJll 2Gb whit. I 
1IIfttt ttlll caupan I 

"good ~ 1131Rl I 
4150 RC9 c nts Pcuk Row 

La Jolla, (A 92037 

457-1007 

Coach Mark tanforth. 
The men came in second 10 a 

field of 12 teams while the women 
fini hed fourth in a field of 13. 

But, the women'~ team perfor-
mance b a bit deceiving because 
its lOp two runners , Michelle 
Con lay and Denise MacFayden, 
didn't even run in the open team 
event. 

Instead, both Con lay and 
MacFayden decided to run in the 
more competitive women's invita-
tional and both performed rela-
tively well on the five-kilometer 
course, as Conlay came in 53rd 
with a time of 18 :26, and 
MacFayden finished 63rd, clock-
ing in at 18:41. 

"Last year, both Michelle and 
Denise finished very high in the 

invitational. and they wanted to 
run in 11 again," Stanforth com-
mented. 

"Also, [their running in the in-
vitational] gave the re I of the girls 
a chance to do better [in the open 
team cventl ~ince they couldn't 
rely on Michelle and Denise being 
out in front of them." 

The rest of the women' s team 
didn't disappoint Stanforth as they 
fimshed founh overall in the team 
event with a combined score of 
187. 

Karen Longyear led lhe Triton 
charge, finishing 17th in a time of 
19:14. 

She was followed by Yolanda 
Torres (26th, 19:31 ), Dawn 
Africano (44th, 20: II ), Katie 
Jamieson (49th, 20: 18) and Jamie 

UCSD's men 'ssquadalsomade 
a good showlOg at San Luis Obispo_ 
despIte belOg very tired from a lot 
of traveling, as well as running 
frequently within arelatively short 
period of time. 

.. A lot of times you try to pre-
tend that this much traveling 
doe n't have an effect on your 
[running] performance, but I think 
it [weariness] showed thiS time," 
Stanforth said. 

The men' s team fiOlshed 
strongly, coming in second in a 
field of 12 teams on the five-mile 
course with a team score of 106-
trailing winner, and crosstown foe, 
San Diego State by a mere three 
points . 

He was purued by fellow Tri-
tons Steve Siewart (22nd, 26:52), 
Stefan Wynn (23rd, 27:03 ), Sam 
Gwynn (24th, 27:03), and Eric 
Goldman (28th, 27:07). 

Stanforth was very sal1sfied 
with the men' s performance, de-
spite an unusally slow start by the 
Triton runners. 

"If this race had endedaftertwo 
miles, we wouldn't have been 10 
the top five [overall] . buttheycame 
back and finished very strong," 
Stanforth noted. 

'"From the mental standpoint, 
that [strong finish] should help us 
a lot for our upcoming meets." 
Stanforth said. 

The Tritons- next competition 
will be their own annual UCSD 
Invitational on October 27 

LIMITED TIME OFFER! 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Pizza Hur delivers the 
o 

r 
I 

Your favorite pizza'at a new low price. 
When you buy your favorite medium Pizza Hut~ 

pi1:Q at the reQuIar price, you can get 1, 2, 3, or up 
to 4 more medium pizzas of equal value or Jess for just $4 each! 4 real. 

ENCINITAS 944-4222 ESCONDIDO, ~UBROOK 
~ --,....... AND RAMONA 432-6515 

ONE NUMBER DEUVERS492 2222 IN AREAS OTHER THAN NOfITH COUNTY AHO 
TO METRO SAN DIEGO: - METRO SAN DIEGO CALL: OCEANSIDE 917-.... 
DillE-IN OR CARInOUT-Clleck ,..IICIIIIIII ... lor till PIm HIP lIItIIllllt IIftII you. DEUVERIIiG SOON 10 RANCHO PENASQUITOS 

$4 PIZZA DEAL DEliVERY/CARRYOUT/DINE-I., 
Medium Specialty Pizzas: Medium 1-Topping Pizzas: 

I 
I 
I 
• 
• 
• 
• 

more each : 
when you buy a Medium Specialty Pizza for 59.99 when you buy a Medium Hopping Pizza for 57.99 I 

Limited ID (4) 14.00 Pizzas II Limited ID (4' '4.00 Pizzas II 
-Your CIIoIc.: ChNt' lmr', PlUI '". Supntme. 

PtpptronILover's' or Mlat Lover's PltD. • =-==IeI':;::'oo:,,=,,,:= __ ~--~~_tIId • . 
",....~nIl,IpIIn..n.n ... "'i Not ... IOd .. "'.,...OIf*o-.l.--.~ .... nl'Qn Ott.r..,.,.. lV3CWO I 
.... 1IIMII1IUl.M.......,1D1QUII ....... "*"'~ on.r ..... IVlIWO 'lIIOfII'I&M 

1t8OfI'IuattWI. 1'IC lI2O&"",,~.""" DELIVERY tl2CM C_~"" DELIVERY I 
--------_____ _ _____ a ________________ ~ ____ I 

e:. 



" SPORTS 
24 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Tritons Chew Up Tigers 
• Top-ranked women's volleyball manhandles 14-game 
winner Occidental 15-8, 15-8, 15-3 Saturday night 
By Monique Vaillancourt 
Guardian Reporter 

From the re ult of Saturday' women's 
volleyball game, it i que tionable whether 
or not the Tiger is the appropriate mascot for 
Occidental College. At the hand of the top-
ranked Tritons, the "Tiger .. more closely 
re embled defen ele kittens. 

trouble in remaining undefeated against 
Divi ion ill opponent (10-0), they were 
unable to fulfill their pregame goal of hoI ding 
Occidental to 15 total point . UCSD did, 
however, contain the Tigers to 19 points, 
while improving its overall record to 23-6. 

In contra t to Occidental, which listed a 
mere even players on its roster, the UCSD 
starting lineup featured some new faces, 
Stacie Sa aki and Heather Holtzclaw, and a 
now familiar one in Julie Fabian. 

Coach Doug Dannevik explained. "It also 
provide an opportunity for sub titutes to 
gain some experience." 

Although the match was horter than the 
time it took the Tigers to drive to San Diego, 
Sasaki still had time to hustle for 12 digs in 
replacing u ual starter Liz Vesanovic, who 
i temporarily out of commis ion with an 
injured back. 

Freshman middle blocker Holtzclaw 
strengthened the front line, and served 
consi tently throughout the match, includ-
ing serving five in a row in the first game. 

Fabian, in her fifth straight start at setter, 
contributed 27 a iiists and four kills. 

Monday, October 15, 1990 

What i more frightening than how the 
haple s Tiger played in getting thumped 
15-8,15-8,15-3 i the fact that they have 
beaten 14 other teams, as their "winning" 
record stands at 14-10. 

Although the Tritons did not expect much 

"Easy matches such a tonight'S both 
teach the players to remain focused, and to 
not take game for granted," UCSD Head 

Undoubtedly due to the low caliber of 
See W. V-BALL, Page 16 

Dan Cripe/Guardian 
Dana Simone had eight kills Saturday. 

Brian Morris/Guardian 

Jackie Melnik (left, 18) contends for a lob. Defender Wallace 
Greg Benes/Guardian Whittier (above) cuts off a pass from the Westminster offense. 

Parsons 
Without 
A Prayer 
• West scores on 
two penalty kicks in 
men's soccer win 
By Marie Crepeau 
Guardian Reporter 

With 11 shots on goal and 14 
comer kicks, you would have 
thought a UCSD blowout of Utah 's 
Westminster ColJege was on line 
for last Friday. 

The irony, however,lies in the 
fact that the two goals which did 
win the game for UCSD came off 
penalty kicks by Triton defender 
Sean West. 

Intense and Aggressive, UCSD Rolls 
It was routine work for West, 

who earlier this season converted 
four penalty shots in one game. 

"[West] i the captain. He's 
suppo ed to take the penalty shots . 
He also has the mental toughness 
to do it," UCSD Head Coach De-
rek Armstrong said. 

• Women's soccer comes back from its worst loss in nearly three 
years, dominating NAIA Westmont College 3-1 Friday afternoon 

off what could best be called a 
charity goal. It came with 7 :59 left 
to play in the first half as the 
Westmont goalie botched a routine 
pass back from a Warrior defender, 
which Cheryl Parker converted for 
a 2-0 Triton lead. 

By Ken Perlman 
Guardian Reporter 

After coming off what was 
perhaps it worst performance in 
year , the UCSD women' soccer 
team took out its frustrations at the 
North Campus Recreation Area 
Friday afternoon, blitzing NAIA 
Westmont College 3-1. 

Just to review, last Wednesday 
the Tritons stumbled and tripped 
over each other in a 4-1 loss to Cal 
Poly Pomona. UCSD, rattled and 

he itant, looked like a shell of the 
team which had previously won 
six straight games, including three 
consecutive 1-0 wins over non-
Division ill teams. 

Friday, it was a different story, 
however, as it was apparent from 
the opening kickoff that the Tritons 
(9-2-1, ranked third in the nation) 
were not going to let the Warriors 
rattle their swords. UCSD came 
out intense and aggressive. 

The Tritons kept the pressure 

on early and it didn't take long for 
junior forward Karin Lindsay to 
open up a 1-0 UCSD lead. The 
goal- at 8:46 into the game and 
Lindsay's fifth in five games -
came as teammate Jennifer 
Kingsbury lofted the ball into 
Warrior territory from midfield. 

Lindsay outraced two 
Westmont defenders and banged a 
shot off the right post for her sev-
enth goal of the season. 

The Tritons' next score came 

UCSD maintained its intensity, 
putting in yet another goal with 
just 3:56 remaining in the half. 
Freshman Jaymie Bradford headed 
a Sally Weigand comer kick off 
the top of the goal to give UCSD a 
3-0 lead at the half. 

Both teams appeared to be flat 
See W. SOCCER, Page 16 

Despite the lack of offensive 
production, the Tritons dominated 
theentire game with skillful passing 
and a strong attack, en route to a 2-
1 win. 

Friday's game against 
Westminster was the last of a 
grueling four-game stretch played 
by the Tritons last week. UCSD 
(12-2-1, ranked fifth in the nation) 
went 4-0 in the tretch and all but 
assured itself of an eighth con-

See M. SOCCER, Page 17 

Tritons' Road Skid Hits 15 
• Men's water polo gets blasted by 
UC Irvine 13-4 Friday, falling to 0-15 
on the road and 4-18 overall 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

A long season got longer Friday night for the UCSD 
men's water polo team as it lost 13-4 to defending NCAA 
Open Division National Champion UC Irvine at Heritage 
Park in Irvine. 

half . 
"We just didn't play well at all against them," Head 

Coach Denny Harper aid. 
"It was awfully hard for us to get up for the [UCI] game 

after an emotional [9-8] win [last Wednesday] against Cal 
State Los Angeles," Harper commented. 

"When you have a team as young as [the present Triton 
squad] is this year, it's hard to expect that they could follow 
up a dramatic win like that one with a road victory over a 
team like UC Irvine." 

The game was an ugly one from the start for the young 
Tritons, as they quickly fell far behind the Anteater, trailing 

Brian Morris/Guardian 7-0 at halftime. UCSD rebounded somewhat in the last two 
Jay Hagan and the Tritons have struggled on the road. period, and was only out cored 6-4 by Irvine in the second 

Friday' loss continued a disturbing trend a the Tritons 
are now 0-15 away from home and their overall record 
dropped to 4-18. 

The Tritons will host highly regarded Stanford Univer-
ity on Octob r 26 at Canyonview Pool. 


