
The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

The Upcoming Referendum 
RIMAe Supporters, 
Detractors Debate 
By ANTON BITTNER 
News Editor 

Concerns about the RIMAC 
referendum, mo tly centered on 
how the bill for the facilities wiII 
be paid, have been voiced by the 
Graduate Student Association. 

" Most of the graduates were 
dead et against it; we think. it's a 
lou y idea," said Randy Giles, GSA 
vice president internal. 

VOLUME 69, #9 

s 

THURSDA 'i', FEBRUARY 1, 1990 

)1 \' ,. 1-.) 
.Il "r. 

" 

• .• • 1\ 1''' .. It " ..• ' 
.,l' ...... ,.1&1 .... , • 
1I~:Tur I. •. ;th~l)lr' 11'S 

PUf.VJU' 
no ~ 'ilT PIUJCEE' 

4n: -nXiJ rUI!'> ')U •• t 

The RIMAC referendum i a 
speciaJ A.S. referendum on Feb 6-
8. RIMAC, a proposed Recrea-
tion/lntramural/ Athletic and Event 
Center, is the final product of a 

Thl •• ~ndln. 
two-p8I1 the RIMAe 
referend : . 

Complaints tern from the 
amount of money tudents wi ll be 
paying over the next 25 years if the 
referendum pa se . The provision 
of the referendum tate that the 
recreational fee would rise $70 a 
quarter when the facilities open in 
the 1993-94 academic year, and 
rise $5 a quarter every five years 
until the mortgage would be payed 
off. According to Giles, the total 
revenue from student recreation 
fees would be about $170 million 
for this time period. 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardiall 
Warning signs mark the edge of the cliffs near Scripps Pier, where one UCSD student and a 
San Diego resident fell last monday. 

committee which was fonned a 
year and a half ago. The facilities 
proposed include weightrooms, 
basketball/voleyball courts, a 
sports pro hop, auna, jacuzzi, 
and a 5,000 seat events arena, 
among numerous other recrea-
tional/athletic features. 

The GSA is also concerned 
about how a fee increa e of $70 
will affect financial aid recipients. 
RIMAC Co-chair Paul Lanning 

ueSD Student Hurt, Man Killed 
In Fall From Cliffs Near Scripps 

Some members of the Graduate 
Student Association (GSA) have 
expre sed concern over the way 
tudents on financial aid will be af-

fected by the fee increases that 
would result from RIMAC pa sing 
and over the way the RIMAC Com-
mittee has publicized the referen-
dum. 

aid when fees are raised, the value 
of fin~cial aid packages change 
to accommodate the fee. 

Giles said that by raising the 
value of a financial aid package, 
les packages will be available. 

"They do not say that fewer 
people will be admitted to the 
University who need financial aid 
because Ie s [fianancial aid pack-
age] will be available," Giles 

. See RIMAe, page 3 

By RANDY DOTING A 
Senior StaffWricer 

In two related incidents, a local 
man wa killed and a UCSD tu-
dent eriou Iy injured after they 
fell from the cliffs near Scripps 
Pier early Monday morning. 

Jeffrey Sardina, 22, a bank 
worker from University City, wa 
found dead by rescue workers on 
the rocky beach about 200 yard 
north of Scripps Pier. according to 

Drug Advisor Speaks At UeSD 
By BRIAN O ' NEIL 
Reporter 

Guido Belsasso, drug policy advisor to 
Mexico, addressed an audience of UCSD stu-
dents and faculty on the topic of "Drugs and the 
U.S.-Mexican Relationship" last week at the 
Price Center. 

Belsasso' lecture, sponsored by the Interna-
tional Politics and Economics Forum, focused 
on the bilateral relationship between Mexico and 
the U.S. during the last three decades. 

Belsasso, a Harvard-trained psychiatrist, cited 
the early 1970s as the beginning of large scale 
drug production in Mexico. 

It was at this time that the "Turkish-French-
U.S. drug connection was destroyed and the 
international drug mafia came to Mexico," 
Belsasso said. 

With this new development, he continued, 
President Richard Nixon and Mexican President 
Echeverria acknowledged that drugs were a 
growing problem, and a relatively successful 
program of "field destruction," where drug crops 
were destroyed, was begun in Mexico. 

Belsasso said, however, that in 1976 bilateral 
cooperation was limited by an attitude of "finger 
pointing," which came to characterize the U.S. 
and Mexican drug poliCies for the next decade. 

Response to the drug problem in the U.S. was 
"concentrated on law enforcement, on the de-

struction of production, and on finger pointing. 
[U.S. officials] were saying: 'The problem is else-
where; it's not in the United States.' The Mexican 
government responded by saying: 'The problem is 
not ours; it 's yours,' " Belsasso said. 

According to Belsasso, the United Nations drafted 
an accord in 1986 which recognized that "both sides 
of the equation, the consumption and the supply of 
drugs, must be dealt with at the same time, [and] set 

See DRUGS, page 7 

Guido Belsasso, the drug policy advisor to 
Mexico, spoke at UCSD last week. 

OPINION _ FEATURES 

UCSD Police Detective Sgt. Robert 
Jones. 

Marisa Ortiz, a Third College 
junior, wa rescued from a ledge 
about 25 feet from the ground, 
Jones said. 

Ortiz. 21, wa in good condi-
tion Wedne day at Scripp Memo-
rial Ho pital in La lolla with mter~ 
nal injurie , a fractured pelvis, and 
laceration to her right ankle, hos-
pital spokeman David Freeman 
aid. 

Sardina, Ortiz, and 30-year-old 
Scott Simon went to the Univer-
ity-ownedcliff late Sunday night, 

Jone said. 
"They proceeded to drink from 

a bottle of tequila until about 2 
a.m., when S ott Simon ... went to 
the car in the parking lot and fell 
a leep," Jones said. 

Simon woke up at approxi-
mately 4 a.m. and found Ortiz 
earching for Sardina, who had 

apparently fallen from the cliffs. 
imon joined her, but they were 

unable to find Sardina in the dark-
ne ' . he aid. 

Simon and Ortiz returned to the 
top of the cliff and waited until 
dawn to continue looking for ar-
dina. After daybreak. Ortiz potted 
Sardina' body where he had fallen 
on the beach 175 feet below, ac-
cording to Jone . 

"They didn't know if he was 
dead or not. ... She ran down to the 
beach down a path she wa famil-
iar with, and [s.imon] went to call 
the aUlhoritie ," Jones aid. 

UCSD Pol ice received Simon's 
call at about 8 a.m. and re ponded 
to the scene. But when police ar-
rived they were unable to immedi-
ately locate Ortiz, Jone aid. 

"They found her on a ledge 
about 25 feet above the beach area 

it elf . . .. Eithershe fell on her way 
down or got down and fell on her 
way up. But her injurie areconsis-
tent with a long fall," Jones said. 

Paramedics and re cue team 
from the Fire Department and the 
Li feguard Service were then called, 
Jone added. 

ee CLIFF, page 7 

A.S. Takes 
Look At 
'Fighting 
Words' 
By MARY BETTY HEARD 
Sel/ior SraffWnter 

The A.S. "Fighting Words" 
Resolution wa heavily debated 
and finally withdrawn at last night" 
A.S. meeting. 

The re olution, ubmillecl by 
Third College Junior Senator Larry 
Becker. Commis ioner f Opera-
tions and ervices Jim Edward, 
and tudent Advocate Joe Floren, 
was intended to show .S. upport 
for the "Fighting Word ." poli y. 

The re olution tated that be-
cau eofa rise in racial violence on 
a national level, and since the A.S. 
tries to promote fair treatment, the 
A.S. would support the UC' 
"fighting words" policy. 

The di agreement between 
council members arose over the 
specific of the "fighting word" 
policy. Many member felt that the 
policy is ambiguous and could be 
mi used. 

" 1 want a change be au e the 
policy doe n'l provide a deterrent 

ee A.S. page 7 

HIATUS 
The Reasons To 
Vote For RIMAe 4 

Behind the Bands: Jackson Portrait 
Sells for $2. 1M H2 Pop Events 8 



UCNEWS 
UCD Athletic Director Seeks An 
AII-UC Division I Conference 

While a UC Davis chancellor' committee has spe-
cifically recommended exploration of an all-California 
conference for UCD Athletics. the timeline and the 
makeup of uch a league remain pressing issues. 

In mid-January, UCD Athletic Director Jim Sochor 
expressed hope for an early completion ofthi "all-UC" 
conference and said he believes the league would likely 
be a Division I affiliate of the National Collegiate Ath-
letic Association (NCA.A). 

The UCD Chancellor's Administrative Advisory 
Committee on athletic recently recommended that the 
chool pursue the formation of an "All-Cal" conference. 

comprised of UCD and other UC schools. 
For the past year, talk over the all-UC conference has 

generated much peculation, with many predicting that 
completion of the conference would require at lea t 10 
years. With prospective conference members coming 
from all three CAA divisions, the all-UC league's 
pos ible affiliation has al 0 rai ed eyebrows. 

Sochor envision the conference as being in Division 
I for all spons except football. 

' 'There's just a tremendous Interest 111 the possibiliry 
of an all-Cal conference. because it' s got the Ivy League 
flavor to it. .. r would like to say [the conference would 
be formed in] rhree to five years. II depends on the 
chancellor, at each campu ." 

The proposed conference would bring together six 
UC campuses : UCD, UCS B. UCSC. UCI, UCR, and 
UC D. The schoob ' current differences pose a problem. 
as they come from all three CAA divi ions. and UCI. 
UCSB, and UCR already offer athletic scholarship . 

Howard Bed. 
UCD California Aggie 

UCSB Students Ready For Vote 
On ew Recreational Center 

For the third time in four years. UCSB students will be 
asked to vote on whether to expand the current Univer-
sity Center and build a new Recreational Center in an 
upcoming special election Feb. 21 and 22. 

Calvin and Hobbes 
tlEll. OOB&S. I 
G\JESS ~ lEARIlUl 

A "Al\J~l£ 
If.~ FROIo\. ~\S 

l\JPl\CATI~G 
Io\ESS 

'fIm. It,~ , 'iO\J 
txJNT KUD TO 
WoQ.ll.i ~ 
1>1"- ~mNG IN 
1W.lBlE ~~~ 

~ . 

zAP! 
. \ I 
-", ' 

If approved. the proposed project could cost tudents 
either $59 million or $68 million in additional student 
fees, depending on which payment option voters select, 
according to ASUCSB President Mike Stowers. 

Option one would have student pay a quarterly fee of 
10 beginning in 1991 as part of their registration fees. 

The quarterly fee would increase to $20 in 1992-93. $30 
in 1993-94. and $36.55 in 1994-95. Students would 
continue to pay $36.55 until 2021. The total student fees 
collected between 1991 and 202 1 would equal $58.9 
million, according to a fact sheet compiled and distrib-
uted by the Campus Elections Commission. 

The second option would cost students a total of$67.9 
mi11ion. about $9 million more than option one. because 
under this plan, student fees would be collected after the 
project are completed, increasing the total interest accu-
mulated on the loan taken to cover costs. Stowers said. 

Due to complai nts last year that tudents would have 
to pay for faci lities from which they would not benefit. 
students were given option two, under which payment 
would not begin until 1994-95, the scheduled comple-
rion date for the project, Stowers said. 

However. there are students who are not satisfied with 
ei ther option and have organized in an attempt to defeat 
the entire proposal. One argument against the project 
rests on opposition to student fund ing of administrative 
offices and meeting rooms in the propo ed RecCen. 

Having students pay for faculty and staff facili ties is 
"ridiculous," argued Rob Puddicombe, an opponent of 
the projects. 

He al 0 said that pa sage of the referendum would 
"burden the future generation [of UCSB] students" with 
additional registration fees . 

''The price tag is ridiculously high." he said. 
Heesun Wee 

UCSB Daily Nexus 
UCSC Professors Reveal Secret 
Behind Soviet Union's H-Bomb 

Fallout, not spies, gave the Soviet Union the key to 
. developing its own hydrogen bomb. according to two 

UC Santa Cruz researchers. As a result, historians may 
have 10 rewrite a chapter in the earl y history of the arms 
race. 

Will iam Mathews. a UCSC astrophysicist, and Daniel 
Hir ch.the recently-resigned head ofUCSC's Stevenson 
Program on Nuclear Policy, based their conclusions on 

by Bill Watterson 

WEll MRf! 
~O\J GOt .... 1:. 
IK TROIJSlf 
~I:. lAST 
1110'.1: . I liCK 
lO<J RE. 11~W'i! 

.1 / 

declas ified government documents and five years of 
interv iews with scientists who worked on atomic weap-
ons during the '40s and '50s. 

The research sheds new light on the role of Dr. Klaus 
Fuchs, a British phy icist who worked on the Manhattan 
Project to develop the atom bomb during World War II. 
Fuchs later passed secrets to the Soviet Union. Historians 
have assumed that those secrets helped the Soviets to 
develop the hydrogen bomb, which they exploded in 
1955. Technical documents from the early 1950s show 
that conventional wisdom is wrong, Mathews said. 

"Fuchs may have accelerated the Soviet A-bomb by a 
year or two years, but his information about the H-bomb 
was more like disinformation," he said. 

The methods U.S. cientists were trying at the time 
when Fuchs left the weapons program led to dead ends, 
and had to be abandoned. Mathews said. Fuch's knowl-
edgeofthe U.S. H-bomb program was not just useless for 
the Soviets. but misleading. The actual key to exploding 
the H-bomb turned out to be based around the use of a 
double explo ion, which leaves a distinctive radioactive 
hace on the fallout. Mathews and Hirsch suggested that 
the Soviets could have unlocked the secret of the atomic 
" trigger" by studying fallout from U.S. nuclear tests. 

The irony, Mathews aid. is that ifhis scenario is true. 
then it was the hard-liners- scientists who lobbied for 
earl y and freq uent open-ai rnuc leartests- who ended up 
giving the Soviets the secret of nuclear weapons. 

UCSC City 011 A Hill 

·~UCSDNEWS 
Barker Cancels Bookstore Visit 

The University Bookstore has announced that the 
scheduled Feb. 15 appearance of author Clive Barker 
(News Clips. Jan. 29) has been cancelled by the author. 
Barker was to have signed copie of his new book. The 
Greal and Secret Show. 

Hardcore Schedules Film Encore 
Hardcore Film Production . the UCSD film produc-

tion c1ub.will present an encore presentation of its first 
film, "Bugs In Our Hair." 

The film will be shown 011 Friday at 6:30 and 7:30 
p.m. in Peterson Hall, room I 10. The cost is $2. 

Sigma. Chi Alpha To Hold First 
Annual 'Derby Days' Events 

The Sigma Chi Alpha fraternity at UCSD is holding 
its first annual "Derby Days" on campus Feb. 1-3. Derby 
Days is a Sigma Chi tradition begun at UC Berkeley in 
the 1930 that involves organizing various competitive 
games among all the sororities on campus. 

Some of the highlights of Derby Days will inc lude an 
all-sorority volleyballlOurnament. lip sy nc, and banner 
contest. In addition. various fund-rai sing events will take 
place in orderto raise money. as all proceeds from Derby 
Days will be donated to charity. 

The charities receiving proceeds from Derby Days 
are the Cleo Wallace Center. Battered Women 's Serv-
ices, and Children's Hospital of La Jolla . 

Committee for World Democracy 
Plans Film & Video Presentations 

The Committee for World Democracy. a UCSD stu-
dent organizatiof' , will present another installment in its 
political film series Friday, in addition to the premiereof 
a new video documentary during the same program. 

Friday's film is "WR: Mysteries of the Organism," an 
erotic political comedy that seriously proposes sex as an 
ideological imperative for liberation, a plea for erotic 
socialism. 

Called " a weird and hilarious fantasy" by the New 
York Times and "Satanically funny" by Time. "WR: 
Mysteries of the Organism" will be shown at 7 p.m. in 
TLH 107. Admi 5sion is free. 

In addition to the film presentation, the Committee 
will present "The Underground Voices of the Panama-
nian People," a 20-minute documentary with footage 
from Panama that expresses alternative points of view 
on the Panamanian invasion. 

The program was shot in Panama from Jan. 9- 1 I this 
year. The producer of the program will be present at the 
showing. 

-Compiled by atherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason nell, AssocUlte News EdilOr 

Thursday, February 1, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

First Annual Students ot Color Conference Held at UCSD 
By CATHERINE DILLE 
News Editor 

Students from around the UC 
encouraged each other to get moti-
vated during the first annual Stu-
dents of Color Conference last 
weekend. The conference began 
amid chants of "We must move 
L.A. ... "Frisco. you know. let 's all 
get busy," and "Go San Diego, get 
busy." 

The two-day conference. spon-
sored by the University of Cal if or-
nia Student Association (UCSA) 
gave minority students in the UC 
system a chance to discuss issues 
that affect them, said event organ-
izer and UCSA representative 
Denise Whisenhunt. 

According to A.S. President 
John Ramirez, the event drew over 
300 UC students from around the 
state. All nine campuses were rep-
resented. 

The conference featured six 
panel discussions, each consi ting 
of three students or faculty mem-
bers and one mediator. Topics 
addre sed by the panels included 

leadership opportunities within the 
Uni versity for minority students. 
affirmati ve and special action. eth-
nic studies, and hiring and promo-
tion of people of color at the UC. 

Joyce Justus, the UC's assistant 
vice president for Educational 
Relations, who was instrumental 
in the founding of Third College, 
addressed the delegates on chang-
ing the direction of the UC cam-
puses through curriculum changes; 
choosing career paths that "make 
contributions to others of color." 
and the importance of encouraging 
potential students to succeed. 

" Many of you have discovered 
that the movement [for multi-ra-
c ial representation in the UC] isn't 
moving as fast as you would like it 
to, but it makes absolutely no sense 
to take on the University, with bmte 
force ... there are better routes. 
Without the he lp of our white lib-
eral allies we couldn 't have ac-
complished Third College." Jus-
tus said. 

"We have been outside of the 
educational community for too 
long. The real changes must take 

place within the established de-
partments. As the curriculum 
changes, it wi ll create a more hos-
pitable atmosphere for all of u ," 
she said. 

Conference organizer and A.S . 
representative Stephanie De La 
Torre pointed out that even the 
businesses catering the conference 
were selected for their e thnic di-
versity. 

Of the decis ion to hire ethnic 
caterers, Whisenhunt said: " It was 
important for us to support the 
people who put us in our posi tion." 

Whi senhunt described 
Sunday 's networking session, 
which gave the students the oppor-
tunity to meet each other and dis-
cuss their experiences, as a "real 
success." 

According to Whisenhunt. the 
UCSD is planning a "Students of 
Color Conference" in Northern 
California next year. 

Whisenhunt indicated that the 
Students of Color Conference here 
opened some minds at UCSD. 

"The momentum that was gen-
erated here will continue," she said. 

Dr. Joyce Justus, the keynote speaker at last weekend 's 
Students of Color Conference. 

RIMAe: Multi-Use Structure Has Both Supporters and Detractors 
Continued from page 1 
continued. 

A.S. President John Ramirez, 
who has served as an advisor to the 
RIMAC Committee, said he re-
ceived correspondence from Stu-
dent Financial Aid Services that 
invalidates these fears . 

"In the past, the pool for finan-
c ial aid ha s expanded," said 
Ramirez. As the cost of attending 
UCSD rises. so does the amount of 
money Financial Aid services re-
ceives from the state, he explained. 

The GSA has also expressed 
concern over the percentage ofRI-
MAC studf'nts would have to pay. 

Giles said "The chancellor is 
quite effective in raising money. 
He could be getting a lot more 
money out of the same sources for 
this project." 

"My gut feeling is that they 
should go out for more in private 
donations," Giles continued. 

The GSA has also expressed 
opposi tion to the RIMAC 
committee's informational bro-
chure, which was published by the 
committee in order to "inform the 
students of the referendum," ac-
cording to Assistant Vice Chan-
cellorandRIMACco-chairTucker. 

The GSA considers the brochure 
not informational but promotional. 
Giles commented. RIMAC com-
mittee GSA representative 1. 
Douglas Willen agrees with the 
GSA on this point. 

" I think that 's a valid concern," 
Willen said, who said that while he 
supportsRIMAC, he expressed the 
GSA' s concerns in committee 
meetings. 

The GSA recently passed a 
resolution calling for the RIMAC 
committee to publish a truly infor-
mational brochure, including nega-
tive aspects of RIMAe. 

Giles said the brochure does 
not say "that the the recreation fee 
will never disappear," but rather 
stay at the same level at the end of 
the 27 year mortgage. 

"[The RIMAC] brochure was 
put out by people who are commit-
ted to see this thing go through -
if you're so in favor of something, 
it's going to be difficult to say 
something bad about it," said Giles 
of the RIMAC committee. 

" If you're not against a project, 
you will probably see information 
as against your point of view. Other 
[special interest groups] in favor 
of the referendum think that the 

brochure was too negative," coun- wishing to sign up in an intramural Ramirez . Fears about tudents 
tered Lanning. league due to lack of space. Some losing control of the planning proc-

Giles said he regretted being indoor leagues are forced to play ess of RIMAC to the administra-
Iistedas acommillee advisor in the as late as I a.m. tion if pa sed have been men-
brochure. A.S, Programming Commis- tioned. 

"I was extremely unhappy to be sioner Matthew Schnurer said "It'sa validconcem,but aminor 
listed as an advisor ... I am dead set having a 5,OOO-seat acoustical one .. . it's somethi ng that people 
against [RIMAC]." Giles said. arena would make it easierto draw should watch, however," Ramirez 

Both Lanning and Tucker re- good bands for concerts at UCSD, warned. "[Students] are going 10 
call Giles' objections but listed as opposed to offering bands a have more control over this than 
Giles as an adviso r because he was gymnasium in which to perform. other projects. It will be very diffi-
GSA president and was expected An indoor arena would cutdown cult for the administration to abuse 
to fill the position as an advisor as on communi ty complaints about their power." 
president of the GSA. the noise level from campus dur- The RIMAC Comminee had 

There is no argument between ing events, Schnurer added. Such completed plans for the facility 
opposing sides about the need for complaints have forced the Sun last year but withheld them be-
the facilities that RIMAC is ex- God Festival to be moved to Mile- cause there was feeling among the 
pected to fill. Both ides express a High Field and even forced the committee members and the A.S. 
need for an upgrade in exi ting premature end of a past Reggae Council that the proposed facility 
recreational, intramural, athletic, Fest. was not ready to be voted on. 
and events facilities . The RIMAC Committee has "There were concerns that we 

" What we have right now is guaranteed 30 to 35 programming weren 't fully representing the stu-
certainly not [adequate]". sa id events per year at the facilitie . dent needs." said Lanning. The 
Athletic Director Judy Sweet. "This The GSA. however. says that committee then solicited students, 
would be a step in the right direc- their objection is basedon the prin- opinion. and circulated their ques-
tion toward accommodating [the ciple of how RIMAC would be tionnaires at that time. 
projected population rise]." funded. "Now we feel comfortable that 

Lanning pointed to the over- "We are not at all against the the administration is putting forth 
crowding of the intramural pro- facility, because it is desperatly a good amount [of money];' Lan-
gram as a problem that would be needed- just the formula us:d:o ning continued. "We have the fa-
alleviated by RIMAC's facilities. get it," Giles said. cility we think best serves stu-
UCSD currently turns away ap- There have been other concerns dents." 
proximately 10 percent of all teams about RIMAC expressed to See RIMAC, page 7 

----------------------------- r - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - --., LIVE! ., 'BE DCID : +'ttt~~ I~C;~V 
I ~fI. 

UCSD : 
Student: 
Special: 

I I 
I BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I 
I I I Bacon Cheeseburger : 
i r~FREE i 
: !~~!~eC:;i!~~b~~ !~Offer per coupon. III 
l One coupon per customer per visit Not valid Wlth any 

Carl's Jr. 

• £ 
FEBRUARY 10 • SA", .. ' • 8 ,. • ftrro. PUB 

UCID 17. a .oo · GatERAL ".00 
I other o1ter or discount Price does not Include tax C!er.:"'. _..... I 
L A Carl Karcher Enterprises. Inc 1989 .. A'D U&-.... 
-----------------------

• UCSD BOX omci · 134-4_ 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 1, D90 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER. Editor in Chief 
DAVID WYNER, Managing Editor 
ANTO BITTNER, News Editor 
CA THERI E DILLE. cws Editor 
DAVID BURKHART. Opinion Editor 

TlJtUCSD GNOrd'U/l1 publl~IW)cc wcd.1) lithe Umvc:n;lIyofOlh(onua.SanDI~go Comtmsel990. 
VICW e,;,pre: sed herem rtprtstnt lhe nuJOOIy voteoClh¢ cOllon.1 board. and are not 1lttt~1)' IhOM: oflhc 
uc 803rd of Re&('nh. the A UCSD nor the ('nllf'( G4i{Jrdwn siaff 

RIMAe 

A Necessary Facility 
RlMAC - the Recreation/lntramural/Athletic and Events 

Center - isn ' t cheap. It' an enormous $32 million facility, and 
that's just the construction costs; maintenance cost once the 
facility is operational will be much more. 

That' why tudenrs will pay $70 a quarter more in fees when 
the doors open. That figure must be adjusted for inflation, since 
RIMAC won't open until 1993 or 1994, but it will still be a 
considerable increa e. 

Is it worth it ? We feel it is. UCSD is a tremendous ly athletic 
university; it has one of the highest rates of intramural panicipa-
tion in the country. Walk around campus any afternoon, and 
you'll see an anlazing number of joggers and bicyclists. And 
most telling of all, walk into the Canyonview weight room. The 
only reason it isn ' teven more intolerably crowded is that 0 many 
people have found other places to work out, to escape the 
congestion . 

RIMAC would put an end to the frustrations of intramurals: 
teams being turned away, games 1:30 a.m., and inadequate 
facilities. [t would also be aJ>oo intercolliegiate athletics. 
Most importantly, it would 'ye ents a place to engage in 
athletic activity of all kinds, what they want to. 

The events center would also be-a boost to programming. With 
a 5,OOO-seat center, and revenues from 25,000 tudents (arealis-
tic as es ment of enrollment in 10 years), there would be an op-
portunity to bring some outstanding events to UCSD. 

RIMAC would be likely to attract much more u e than the 
Price Center does. It would also have a greater emphasis on 
students; unlike the Price Center, it wouldn 't be full of admini-
stration offices. 

Critics argue that RIMAC is too big, and are angered by the 
political games that supporters have played to secure support for 
the facility . The critics are largely correct, but RIMAC is sorely 
needed. 

The admini stration could put up more money for the facility. 
But since the $70 per quarter fee doesn ' t begin until the center 
opens, the administration is putting up the money to begin the 
project. This makes their contribution greater in real terms, 
though it should be more. 

But if the project is put off again, it will be much more 
expensive later. So while pressure should be put on the admini-
stration to kick in more funds, students must take the risk and vote 
"yes" now. However, if more funds can be raised, the $70 fee can 
be reduced. Students must watch the administration closely, to 
see everything is being done to he lp students. Thi s shouldn 't be 
allowed to become another Price Center. 

The timing of the election was also underhanded. A special 
election means a lower turnout is likely, and therefore RIMAC 
has a better chance. A very small minority can pass thi s referen -
dum. This e lection does not require a 20 percent turnout- if less 
than 20 percent of the students yote, it requires only 10 percent 
plus I of the total student body to vote yes. That means less than 
2000 students could impose a fee on all future students. 

That's one reason a high turnout is essential. The reason this 
election does not require a 20 percent voting pool is so students 
could nOI "vote by Slaying home;" that is, not show up, so a low 
turnout would void the e lection . 

Theliming of the election also provided opponents with little 
time to mobilize. The Graduate Stutient Association will be 
passing out anti -RIMAC flyers next week, but the campu~ is 
already flooded with the supposedly unbiased informational 
flyers put out by the RIMAC committee. 

But the misconduct of RIMAC supporters doesn't change 
RIMAC's basic worth . It is needed now, and in five years , it will 
be needed far more. UCSD is a rapidly growing campus, and has 
historically grown much faster than the administration's wildest 
projections. It's essential that we not wait and leave future 
students with inadequate facilities. And it's essential that s tu-
dents not be apathetic. On Feb. 6, 7 and 8, vote for RIMAe. 

UCSD Needs RIMAe Desperately 
Editor: 

The UCSD campus is in need 
of a mUltipurpo e recreation com-
plex. The current facilities servic-
ing the recreation, intramural, and 
intercollegiate athletic needs are 
grossly inadequate. Free recrea-
tion time is rarely available. Intra-
murals often run late into the night, 
and every quaner many teams are 
turned away from even competing 
due to lack of pace. This lack of 
space and time also deprives inter-
collegiate ath letic team of valu-
able practice time. 

The proposed RecreationlIntra-
mural/Athletic and Events Center 
(RIMAC) is the solution. Not only 
will this complex ease the current 
and ever-increasing strain on pres-
ent facilities, it will also include a 
number of components that the 
tudents on thi campus feel are 

nece sary. This is in response to 
the results of over 4,000 student 
survey collected in September, 
1988. 

The complex will include 
much-needed basketball and vol-
leyball couns and weight root;tJ fa-
cilities. In addition, based on the 
results of the survey, racquetball 
and squash couns, locker room~ , 
multi-purpose recreation rooms, 
jacuzzi and sauna facilities, and an 
expanded outdoor recreation de-
partment will be incorporated into 
the project. 

RIMAC will also include a 
5,000 scat arena, more than twice 

the capacity of the Main Gym. 
This will allow for larger- cale 
concen and lecture events, as We'll 
as other campus-wide ac ti vities. 
Furthermore, UCSD's ability to 
host quality athletic events and 
national tournaments will be en-
hanced considerably. 

There is no doubt the cost of 
this facility i quite high, Seventy 
dollars per quarter, even in 199'1-
94, will till be a sizeable amount. 
However, the UCSD administra-
tion has al 0 attached great sig-
nificance to this project, commit-
ting a minimum of ten million 
dollars. Ibis is the largest amount 
of money ever put forth by any 
UC campus administration for a 
student fee-funded facility, and is 

indicative of the imponance of 
thi project to the future of the 
UCSD campus. 

We ask you to pick up a RI-
MAC informational brochure to 
get the complete detail s of the fa-
Cility as outlined b~ the Planning 
Committee. We agree with The 
Guardian's recent editorial en-
couraging students to yote on this 
crucial campus-wide referendum 
on Feb. 6, 7, and 8. It is very 
important that voters are aware of 
the positive impact this facility 
would have on the future of this 
institution, as well as its effects 
upon the quali ty of stud'ent life at 
UCSD. 

Pete Smith 
Triton Athletes Council 

The Right To Bear Arms 
Editor: 

Who could ever forget the pic-
tures of Roman ian civi lians armed 
with fully-automatic assault rifles 
fighting to regain the freedom lost 
first under fascis t domination and 
then communist domination? 

Isn ' t it interesting that these 
freedom fighters would choose an 
assault rifle instead of a sporting 
rifle? On second thought, such a 
choice really makes a lot of sense. 
After all, if you are fighting for 
your life and freedom against well-
armed and detennined adversar-
ies, what would you rather have, 
an effective combat rifle or a 

poning rifle de igned to take 
down game who can't shoot back? 

Unfortunately, thousands of 
defenseless Romani an men, 
women, and children died before 
they were able to seize assault 
rifles with which to defend them-
selves. Unlike this country, Ro-
manians were prohibited from 
owni ng firearms by their oppres-
sive government. 

This illustrates all too well just 
why our fou::fathers felt that citi-
zens of this country should keep 
and bear arms. Indeed, they felt it 
important enough that this right 

See GUNS, page 6 

Men Are Tired Of 'Sex Fiend' Stereotype 
Editor: 

In the Humanities Library there is a large display 
about rape. Rape is a serious problem, especially on 
college campuses, and should not be ignored. How-
ever, I am offended by the way rape has been 
publicized in the library. 

The first thing a student sees when entering the 
library is a poster with the " male" symbol and an 
account ofa man's thoughts as he raped an acquain-
tance. 

The man was portrayed as cold and ignorant, 
ignoring the woman's struggle against him. Next to 

CAVNA 

this poster is the woman's half of the story , how she 
had been devastated by the crime. 

I am offended by the fact that all males are made 
to look like heartless sex fiends. Women also rape 
men occas ionally, and homosexual rape occurs in 
both sexes. Would it be acceptable to have posters of 
a black man mugging a white, simply because blacks 
mug whites more often than whites mug blacks? 

I was born a male, and I am sick of being made to 
feel gUilty because I am a male. Rape awareness can 
be achieved without crucifying the male gender. 

Ed Wagner 

Thunday, February 1, 1990 The UCSD Guard ian OPINION 5 

Marion Barry: ... For I have Sinned Let Women 
Be Women ... 

There ' s a story they tell about a South-
ern governor back in the 1950's who had 
gotten himself quite a reputation for hell-
raiSing. 

His bedrock constituency, god-feari ng, 
churchgoing country folk, were becoming 
unsettled by these stories, and one Sunday 
the governor visited a rural church and 
found himself confronted by a parishioner. 

"Governor," the American Gothic said, 
"what's all this we hear about you carrying 
on up there at the capital, drinking and 
sporting with women and having yourself a 
timeT' 

In response, the govemor grasped the 
hand of his inquisitor, looked him square in 
the eye and said with choked voice, "Brother 
- pray for me. " 

I thought of this tale as I watched Wash-
ington Mayor Marion Barry go before the 
TV cameras before checking into a Aorida 
rehabilitation center. Regardless of the ul-
timate outcome, it was, in purely political 
terms, one of the more skillful maneuvers I 
have seen in years. 

Most elected officials, learning they had 
been captured buying and using a danger-
ous drug on videotape, would have re-
signed their office at once and thrown them-
selves on the mercy of the powers that be. 

Not Marion Barry. He traced his fall to 
an excessive political devotion; he had 
simply been too busy caring about others to 

care about himself. It was the political 
equivalent of 100 million mothers who 
have pounded their chests with their fists 
over the celliuries, declaring to heaven that 
"My problem is - I'm too good! " 

Jeff Greenfield 
Universal Press Syndicate 

He never mentioned exactly what his 
failing was - a wise maneuver, consider-
ing that a specific admission of drug use 
would have opened him to charges of per-
jury, since Barry had repeatedly told grand 
juries he was not a drug user. He simply 
announced that he had a problem and would 
set about healing himself. 

A spokeswoman then told the press that 
the mayor's real problem was alcohol abuse 
- a failing that is far more socially accept-
able in America than the use of drugs. 

What is likely to come next is right out 
of a handbook of political public relations 
strategy: In a few weeks, the mayor will 
check out of Hanley-Hazelden and stage a 
triumphant return home. Before a packed 
church, surrounded by friendly clergy, the 
mayor will declare himself purged of tox-
ins, ready and able to return to the business 
of leading the great city of WaShington. 

He will likely eagerly confess that he has 

sinned. Look for appearances on local talk 
shows, on a Barbara Walter special, on 
"Donahue" and "Oprah," where members 
of the studio audience will praise him for 
his courage in confronting his weakness 
and dealing with it. Members of the studio 
audience will lustily applaud. 

Barry's supporters will charge his crit-
ics with a racist double standard: They will 
point to the white celebrities who have re-
turned to their lucrative work after a stint at 
Betty Ford and ask why this black leader 
should not be accorded the same privilege. 

Meanwhile, the years of lies and scan-
dals, the appalling state of the public schools 
and the public hospitals in the District of 
Columbia, Ihe hundreds of millions of tax-
payer dollar~ stolen ,or wasted, the condi-
tion of what the Washington Monthly maga-
zine has called " the worst government in 
America," all will be swept aside as the 
celebration focuses on the redemption of 
Marion Barry. 

To be sure, thi may not work; it well 
may be that this time, Marion Barry went 
too far, even for his remarkably loyal and 
patient base. 

At the least, however, the mayor's per-
formance shows that the use of cracle may 
not affect that part of the, brain where the 
instinct for political survival is located. So 
far, Barry has played a lOSing hand with the 
sk.i11 of a riverboat gambler. 

Editor: 
I would like to commend Julie 

Puzon, the author of the inevitably 
controversial arti'cle, "Feminists Go 
Too Far," [Guardian, lan..221 not 
because I agree with her entire argu-
ment, but because she addresses a 
concern of many students at UCSD. 

Here, where the topic offeminism 
rages hotly in and out of class, I often 
find myself having to apologize for 
acting "traditionally female." 

I feel pangs of guilt wearing even 
a tiny amount of makeup. I am criti-
cized by my peers for shaving my 
legs, and in the rare event that I do 
decide to wear hose, I have the dis-
tinct feeling that I should have also 
worn a bag over my head. 

I believe that a branch of femi-
nism has gone awry. Women should 
be freed from economic inequality, 
job discrimination, traditional family 
roles, and the sexist language which, 
unfortunately, Puzon advocates. 

What Is likely to come next is right out of a handbook of political publiC: relations 
strategy: In a few weeks, the mayor will check out of Hanley-Hazelden and stage a 
triumphant return home. Before a packed Church, surrounded by friendly clergy, 
the mayor will declare himself purged of toxins, ready and able to return to the 
business of leading the great city of Washington. 

But, as I believe Puzon agrees, 
they should also be able to wear 
makeup, shave their legs, and wear 
the occasional pair of nylons if that is 
what they choose to do. 

Liberation does not have to in-
clude becoming as close to a IDll'l as 
possible without implementing sur-
gical techniques. 

Wendy McNeill 

VOTE VOTE YOTE VOTE 
R.creatlon/lntramaral/flthlatlc 8 Event Canter 

RIMAC SPECIAL ELECTIO" 

FEBRORRY 6. 7. I. 1990 

Locations 

Revelle Plaza 
Gym Steps 
Muir - Middle of Muir 
Petenon Hall 
Canyonvlew Pool I RacCluetball Center 
Price Center Plaza 
School of Medicine 

Lobby, Basic Selence Building 

Scripps Institution 
Surfside (Bldg. T-8) 

Time 
9:00 a.m. - ":]0 p.m. 
9:00 a.m. - " :]0 p.m. 
9:00 a.m. - ":]0 pm. 
9:00 a.m. - ":]0 p.m. 
9:00 a.m. - ":]0 p.m. 
9:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. 

Tuesday. 9:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. 
Wednesday. ]:00 p.m. - 6:00 p.m. 

Thunday. 9:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. 

Wednesday. 9:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. 

MOST "fiYE STGDENT ID TO VOTE 

- I 



I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

6 OPINION 

dtl Industries 
Sales and Services 

IBM 
and 

compatibles 

• Normally 1-Day 
ON-SITE service 

• FREE Software 
& hardware 
consultation 

• HONEST, friendly 
service 

For more information 

275-1050 

NOW OPEN 
IN 

DELMAR 

Award~winning 
Sourdough Recipe 

Variety of Bread 
& Pastries 

Baked Daily 

SANDWICHES 

2628 Del Mar Hts. Rd. 
(next to Vons) 

Del Mar 
755-5303 

Open 7 days 

--------$100 
off 

any regular sandwich 
or 

FREE 
baguette with purchase 

I . of a loaf of bread I 
I Expim 2/15/90 ..I 
.. _-------

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 1, 1990 

Commentary 

Pro-Choice Advocates Are Intellectually Dishonest 
By MJ HAEL F. BURKHALTER 

I found it interesting to learn that Miss 
Andrea Adleman, one of your senior ~taff 

writer~, is also associated with the Women 's 
Re ource Center. She addressed listeners at 
the recent pro-choice rally, and you dutifully 
reported her remarks [The Guardian, Jan . 25). 

When Mis Adleman wrote her Gliardian 
commentary last Nov. 30th, attacking my views 
on abortion. little did I suspect that she wa so 
closely connected with the pro-choice move-
ment that she fight alongside the WRC. So 
she wears two hats, at least. I declined to 
respond to her broadsides back then. Now, 
realizing that she speaks vociferously for both 
The Gliardian and the Women's Resource 
Center, it hardly sui ts me to allow her to go on 
unchallenged. I've dusted off a copy of her 
November commentary on abortion rights, 
have read it again, and would like to respond 
now. 

My assertion that a contemptible brand of 
intellectual dishonesty pervades the pro-choice 
camp still stands. I see evidence of this within 
your own words, Miss Adlernan. Your argu-
ment in favorof"choice" depends on a wrong-
ful construction of the abortion issue in tenns 
of church beliefs vs. the state. You stated that 
"government cannot and should not take 
choices away when the basis is religious, as it 
is in the abortion issue." 

Pronouncements such as these are a con-
venient means of evading the crucial right-to-
life issues involved. Do you really think that 
religion is the crucial point here, Miss Adle-
man? Aren't you being just a little disingenu-
ous here? 

I asserted that " pro-choice groups ... denv 
the humanity of the fetus, despite all evidence 

to the contrary." Apparently, Miss Adleman. 
you had a little problem discerning the seman-
tic difference between my point above and 
another statement uch as, for example, "All 
evidence shows that a fetus is fully human." Of 
cOLirse I allow that full physiological develop-
ment isn't achieved at conception. Who would 
be fooli sh enough to argue against that b io-
logical fact ? Your five paragraphs about 
embryos and personhood were fascinating but 
not really a rebuttal to a point that I made. 

With all due respect to biologist Charles 
Gardener (whom you quoted) and his ideas on 
personhood, I think it would be foolish to 
accept his words (as you presented them) 
without further thought. A s Angela Grimm 
writes in Catholic Twin Circle (Nov. 12, 1989), 
"This sort of definition of personhood , and the 
weighing of the worth of human beings at 
various stages of development (or disability, 
after birth) is, in fact, not a scientific position 
but a philosophical position, entirely outside 
the realm of biological inquiry. 

The biologist can detennine the humanity 
of the fetus and chart its development, but any 
determination he makes about its intrinsic 
worth, dignity, or rights is either influenced by 
some non-scientific philosophy or ideology, 
or simply by sheer exercise of will: he wants to 
justify tenninating the child's life, so he de-
clines to recognize its worth. His perception is 
detennined by his desires, ratherthan the other 
way around." 

A couple of other things before I close, 
Miss Adleman. You say that "men inherently 
have limited contact with the issue" and that 
we "can never understand an issue so inti-
mately linked with women." I suppose this 
might be true, save for all of the understanding 

possessed by thenrale doctors who perfonn the 
abortions. That kind of " understanding" we 
can do without. I agree that women who sup-
port or undergo abortion have a unique per-
spective on this variety of killing. The restofus 
can still ~ee it for what it is, however, and it is 
killing . 

Lastly, is your position 50 weak that you 
musr bring the issue of rape into thi s di scus-
sion? In your commentary you hysterically 
introduced this sordid hypothetical case. How 
clever! But pardon me for not obliging you and 
losing track of the real issue. Rape is not the 
issue here, on this anniversary of Roe vs. 
Wade, before which post-rape abortions were 
readily available anyhow. Rapes may be re-
sponsible for no more than one percent of 
pregnancies; the exact figure doesn't really 
matter. 

As Angela Grimm writes in her series of ar-
ticles on abortion, "The abortion movement 
has capitalized on this general syml'athy for 
pregnant women in such extreme circumstances 
and has made them the rhetorical symbol of 
their movement, the reason, they assert, why 
abortion must remain legal. 

This metoric, though, is both erroneous and 
deceitful. It's deceitful because it w(\uld have 
us believe that the 'hard case' woman is some-
how typical of the majority of women who 
abort their children." (Catholic Twin Circle, 
Dec. 10, 1989). 

In your future speeches and editorials, Miss 
Adleman, I urge you to leave the rape issue oUl. 
lt merely raises more questions that you cannot 
answer. In your perfect world, in the system 
that you suppon, rape-pregnancies aside, the 
killings of children just go on and on, end-
lessly. 

Guns 
Continued from page 4 

was included in the Second 
Amendment to the then-new 
Constitution, the first 10 of which 
would later be called the Bill of 
Rights. What our forefathers made 
clear is that the citizens bearing 
anns secured the rest of the rights 
stated in the Constitution . After 
all, what government would dare 
try impose a tyranny on a well-
anned citizenry? 

panicked ordinary people with the 
images of the nightmare in the 
inner cities to the point that a re-
cent poll shows that a bare major-
ity favor suspending the right 
against unreasonable search and 
seizure! As this is written, gov-
ernment elitists are preparing leg-
islation to suspend our most pre-
cious rights. 

Before Americans get too car-
ried away with givingup too many 
of their rights and freedoms, I 
would like them to consider this: 
There is alimitto what damage or-
dinary criminals can do, even 
anned with "assault rifles," but 
there in no limit to the cannage a 
government can do. The criminal 
Patrick Purdy was only able to kill 
five innocent children despite his 
mighty arsenal, but the Romanian 
government has killed thousands 
of its own people, and the govern-
ment of China has killed tens of 
thousands of its own citizens. 

The UCSD Ouardian 
welcomes your letters. 
Drop your letter at the 
o uardian offices (in the 
Student Center, where 
the A.S, offices used to 
be) or mail it to: 
Opinion Editor 

The Ouardian 
UCSD, 5-016 

However, we do have a small 
group of elitists in this country 
who would be a whole lot happier 
if the people were disanned and 
the Bill of Rights suspended. 

Right now, media elitists have 

Roundtrip Diego 
",oenll $ 31 
LuVC1_ $ JI 
S.n Francisco $ 51 
Honolulu $191 
Miami $UI 

Res triclions do appIyl 
Amcdu', oIdaI._= 
"".., frllftl."... I 
c.nalTIIIII 

UCSO PRICE CENTER 
(by the !lost omc.) 

Again, the media elite focuses 
on the "evil assault rifle" instead 
of the failure of government to 
provide the most basic of protec-
tion from criminals. Again, a bare 
majority now favor restrictions on 
the o wnership of semi-automatic 
rifles by civilians, and of course, 
government elitists are busily 
drafting appropriate legislation. 

What is the greater danger, an 
armed populace or an armed gov-
ernment? 

Mike HotT 

La Jolla, CA 92093 
Letters should be 

typed, double~space<i 
and should include a 
signature and phone 
number. We reserve 
the right to edit letters 
for length and clarity, 

Modern 
Romance The home of the 

Bouquets 

cost money. 

The Guardian 
Valentine 

Personals 

in our 

Feb. 12 
issue are 

on ly one 

dollar. 

49¢ hamburger. 
! 1 m Mt!'[)()Itt1/~m 
... ~ J!loP . 

• 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego IL..-" .... !!!~!!!~!!!!!!!-___________ _ 
ALLAMEmcAN-MEAL--- ~ 

Quarter Pounder ' with Cheese. Medium Fry. 

limit one coupon per 
customer. per visit . Please 
present coupon when 
ordering. Not val id with 
any other offer. 

Medium-Size Soft Drink COltl \/Ollie: II 1/ 20 011 c .... 
II 

'Just $1 99 /1 
(plultax) II 

Only at: 
7 • .0 Miramar Rd. 

San DIego 
.2J7P'fo1pect 

LaJolto 

Thursday, February 1, 1990 

DRUGS: Expert Speaks 
Continued from page 1 
the way for a break in the bilat-
era l stalemate." 

He also pointed out , how-
ever, that des pite President 
Ronald Reagan 's "rhetoric on 
the war on drugs," it took over 
two years for the U.S. to s ign the 
agreement. 

Commenting on the present 
s ituation , Belsasso said Presi -
dent George Bus h and Mexican 
Pres ident Salinas de Gortari , 
both elected in 1988, recognize 
that drug use and traffi cking in 
narcotics are vital concerns to 
both nations. 

Belsasso, who is a member of 
the Partido Rezducion Institual , 
the ruling party of Mexico, said 
Salinas is committed to making 
drugs a national priority. Cur-
rently, he added, over 60 percent 
of the Mex ican attorney 
general's office's budget is allo-
cated for drug enforcement. 

"Mexico, under President 
Salinas, means business in tenns 
of the drug issue," he said. 

Moreover, Belsasso said that 
never in the last 20 years has 
there been such a "positive rela-
tionship as the one the U.S. and 
Mexico enjoyed during 1989." 

He attributed this spirit of 
good feelings primarily to the 
fact that unlike many past Mexi-
can presidents who have taken 
an aoti-America stance to ap-
pease the Mexican political left, 
Salinas has "really decided to 

co llaborate" with the U.S. on 
this issue. 

Unfortunately , Belsasso con-
cluded, this goodwill has been 
deeply shaken by the recent U .S . 
military intervention in Latin 
America. 

The invasion of Panama and 
the naval blockade of Colombia 
have not only jeopardized the 
upcoming drug summit in Co-
lumbia, but have also signifi-
cantly changed the Mexicans' 
perception of the U.S.'s inten-
tions, Belsasso said . 

AlthoughPresidentBush may 
have won a great political vic-
tory in the U.S. by invading 
Panama, "he lost a lot in tenns of 
the drug war," he said. 

In addition to U.S. foreign 
policy, Belsasso called recent 
"Mexico-bashing" by the U.S . 
media a key factor in the heating 
up of the relationship between 
the U.S. and Me)(ico. He referred 
to an NBC movie that he said 
suggested the 1985 death of a 
U.S. drug agent in Baja Califor-
nia, Mexico was at the hands of 
corrupt Mexican police officers. 

Belsassoaddedthatthe"Mex-
ico-bashing" stereotype that de-
picts all Mexicans as nasty drug 
dealers, coupled with the Salinas 
administration's inability to pub-
licize its reforms to the Ameri-
can policymakers. will continue 
to hamper relations between the 
"distant neighbors. " 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

A.S.: Council Considers 
'Fighting Words' Stand 

version. 
" If we pass thi s resolution, we 

will be sending the message that 
thi s is how we all feel. But r don ' t 
think the whole council agrees with 
the resolution," Roede said. Continued from page 1 

... and you don ' t rea lly know 
what cannot be said in what con-
text ," said Fifth College Sopho-
more Senator John Edson. 

Edson tried to amend the reso-
lution to emphasize the fact that 
the council found the policy to be 
ambiguous. but withdrew hi s 
amendment because of technical 
problems. 

According to Direc tor of Spe-

RIMAe 
Continued from page 3 

If the referendum fail s, the ear-
liest another proposal of this na-
ture may be voted on is next year. 
But, according to Lanning, if it 
does fail, the committee will dis-
band. 

cial Services Nicholas Aguilar, 
"[The policy] is as clear as it is 
going to be. It suffers from the 
same vagueness as the sexual har-
assment policy does ... it is like 
pornography: you know it when 
you see it, but you can' t define it." 

Several council members, in-
cluding Edson and Vice President 
of the Treasury Anders Roede, 
wanted to postpone the resolution 
for another week to work out a new 

Committee members warn that 
each year new faci lities are put off, 
the options that exist for a structure 
such as RlMAC dwindle. 

Tucker also points out that the 
chancello r's commitment to put-
ting forth the $8 million migh t be 
lost if the referendum is defeated, 
as well as the loss of a hold on 

After an unofficial straw vote 
that showed the counci l split 7 to 6 
in favor of the resolution with 6 
abstaining, 'Becker wi thdrew his 
resolution, due to lack of support . 

T he Constitutional Convention 
resolution, which was scheduled 
for act ion at last night's meeting 
was postponed until next week, 
due to new evidence ci ted by the 
Judicial Board chair. 

building sites . 
" [If the referendum fails) it will 

be dropped for another five years 
when cond itions are unbearable 
and the price of building some-
thing comparable rises $10 mil-
lion ," commented Muir College 
RIMAC representative Cherie St. 
Jean. 

CLIFFS: One Hurt, One Killed In Falls 
Continued from page 1 

Rescue efforts, however, were 
hampered by the high tide, which 
prevented motor vehicles from 
reaching the beach below Ortiz, 
Jones said. 

San Diego Lifeguard Service 
LI. Brant Bass said lifeguards and 
fire fighters lowered themselves 
by ropes from the top of the cliff to 
reach Ortiz, and put her on a 
stretcher. 

"It usually is faster to rappel 
down a cliff than get a boat ready 
and respond, unless the boat is all 

ready to go," Bass said, noting that 
boars were not immediately avai l-
able Monday morning because life-
guard stations are not staffed be-
fore 9 a.m. 

Ortiz was carried to the beach 
and transported by a motorized 
raft to Scripps Pier, where a wait-
ing Life Fl ight helicopter took her 
to Scripps Memorial Hospital at 
10 a.m. 

Sardina's dead body was then 
recovered from the rock , Jones 
said. 

Jones said that hazard signs are 

posted near the cliffs, and added 
that he did not know of any previ-
o us accidents in that area. 

According to Bass, the cl iffs 
above Black 's Beach, north of the 
s ite of Monday , s accidents, are the 
most dangerous cliffs locally . 

However, Bass said injuries at 
Black's have declined in recent 
years due to posted warning signs. 

Freeman said that Ortiz, an EI 
Cajon resident, may be released 
from the hospital within the next 
week. 

li.S. 

rl"JI~SI)llV, I~I~II. (; 
12:()() - 2:(K) 1')1 
I)llI(~I~ (~I~Nrl'I~'l "IJ'7.J\ 
')'«)1'1(;: III)lll(~ 

The first ever A.S. Forum will address the 
issues that will affect most UC Faculty and 

students. 

BE AN INFORMED VOTER ON 
1~1~llll'Jl\llY (;, 7 & II 1"JIlIN(, 

IlI)ll'(~'S SI'I~(~Il\l .. 1~1 .. 1~(~rrI()N 
by getting the pro's & con's from 

people who KNOW!!! 



8 FEAT RES 

Regional 
Art At 
Gallery 
Aboriginal 
objects displayed 
at Grove Gallery 

Contemporary Australian Abo-
riginal art will be on view at the 
UCSD Grove Gallery. from Feb. 
15 through March 17, in a show 
titled " Dream Time." The art works 
will include bark baskets, bark 
paintings, contemporary paintings 
on canvas. and objects made of 
found pieces from Australia's out-
back region. 

There will be an opening recep-
tion at the gallery from 6-8 p.m. on 
Feb. 16. The public IS invited. 

Anthony Wallis. director of 
Aboriginal Arts Australia, has said 
that there i a tremendous surge of 
interest in the work being produced 
by contemporary Australian art-
ists using modem materials. The 
organization, which is re~ponsible 
for the international marketing of 
Aboriginal art. has witnessed an 
increase in national and interna-
tional sales from $300.000 to more 
than $3 million in the last five 
years. 

The so-called Aborigmal "dot" 
pamtmgs are done on canvas wJlh 
modern brushes and paints. They 
contain knowledge of the Aborigi-
nes and theirareas, whichare whole 
sections of desert belonging to 
various clans and groups. Some 
pamting may be viewed as maps 
or indications of what a campsite 
looks like: others may depict plant 
growth or a particular kind of food 
found in that region. The paintings 
contain a private, symbolic lan-
guage that is understood by mem-
bers of the same clan. 

Bark paintings have been made 
for hundreds of years and are used 
in various ceremonies. They have 
their rootS in the symbols used in 
ceremonial body painting. Ochre, 
a clay-like su bstance, is still used 
for painting both bodies and bark. 
The bark is taken from regional 
trees, such as the Mulga or Red 
Gum. 

Also featured will be several 
examples of wooden dishes called 
"coolamon." Some of the dishes 
are fashioned up to twO or three 
feet long, carved into troughs, and 
used for winnowing seed or per-
haps for holding a baby . The bowls 
"re carried from campsi te to camp-
site, and are used to hold indige-
nous foods such as witchety grubs. 
insects, and seeds. 

Bark baskets called "tungas." 
are made on the Arnhem Land Re-

~erve, thousands of mi les north of 
the desert, on the Gulf of Carpen-
taria. Another kind of bark basket 

i~ made by a group of Aborigines 
who live on an Island 50 miles off 
ofN0I1hern Australia, between the 
Timol and the Aurafura Seas. 
These baskets. Willis says, are 

See ART, page II 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday , February 1, 1990 

Features 
SOME COMMITIEES WANNA ROCK 

Pop Events, Programming 
Commitees Schedule Bands 

~' 
r 

,,~/ 
/ 
i 

\ 
\ 

\ 
\ 
I 

J 

~J 

) 

• By Dao Le 
Contributillg Writer 

Maybe it was when you were watching Rob 
Lowe and Snow White bell out "Proud f\.1ary" 
on last year's Academy Awards when it hit 
you that, "Hey, I could put together a better 
opening act than that." Or perhaps it was when 
you heard about Donald Trump's ma termind 
booking of the Rolling Stones for Trump Plaza 
thar made you aspire to book a top notch band 
for your party. But youdidn ' t have the money 
or a clue about how to get started. 

UCSD'sProgramming Committee and Pop 
Events Committee say they can provide the 
experience you need , and - the A.S . willing 
- the money. 

According to Larry Weintraub, chairman 
of the Pop Events Commi ttee, committe 
members get experience working behind the 
scenes, setting up, and providing hospitality 
for the band visiting UCSD, which can range 
from the Pixies to Erasure. Committee mem-
bers suggest which bands to book, help distrib-
ute publicity , and work with the bands the 
night of the show. 

Weintraub pointed out that because of the 
commitee's work. bands are brought to UCSD 
students at cheaper prices than regular concen 
costs. But the choice of who 's worth booking 
depends on the input from committee mem-
bers . W eintraub encourages new members to 
join , to give the committee wider perspective 
of what kinds of bands UCSD students are 
interested in hearing or not hearing. 

The group usually meets once a month and 
See COMMITTEES, page 11 

Greenfield Will Discuss Politics And Media 
By ADAM LEVY 
Sta/fWriter 

ABC "Nightline" correspon-
dent IeffGreenfield whom theNew 
York Times called "one of the most 
thoughtful correspondent~ on tele-
vision," will be speaking on poli-
tics and the media at Mandeville 
Auditorium on Feb. 2 al 8:00 p.m. 

Greenfield learned abou t 
American politics as a speech 
writer and aide for Robert Ken-
nedy in 1968. He wasabothechlef 
speech writer of ex-New York 
Mayor John Lindsay, and was 
hired by AS ews in 1983 as a 

political and media analyst and 
used his knowledge to provide 
commentary on the American po-
li tical scene. 

Greenfield, 45, grew up with 
the influence of rock ' n roll. In a 
broadcast endi ng the political pri -
mary ~eason he quoted the Grate-
ful Dead song, "Truckin' ," when 
he ~ald . "What a long, ~trange trip 
it's been." 

Greenfield u~es humor in his 
commentarie and wa~ a contribu-
tor 10 National Lampoon. His sa-
tirical piece called "A Ma~(er's In 
Manipulation" is an example o f 
his use of humor. It di c usses the 

curriculum at the fictitious P. T. expose exaggerations that politi-
Barnum School of Political Con- cians throw at the public. He also 
sultation where students who ex-
aggerate about theircredentials are 
awarded advanced placement. 

rn an article which appeared in 
Rolling Slone, Greenfield said hi 
avid interest in politics began at 
age nine under the influence of his 
mother, whom he ca lled" a politi -
cal junkie." 

"I've spe nt three and a half 
decade reading about pol ilics, not 
because it was my job but because 
I loved it," he said. 

Greenfie ld said the media 
should have a responsibility to 

suggested that candidates' present 
views should be compared to thier 
past opinions, 0 that the public 
can beller understand the strength 
of their convictions. 

Greenfield is the author of nine 
books, including Televisioll : the 
First50Years, Playing to Win,and 
The Real Campaigll. 

1986, Greenfield won an Emmy 
for outstanding background analy-
sis for "Nightline's" week-long 
South Afri a series. He also an-
chored 10 Monday night " ight-
line" broadcasts ca lled "Cam-
paign '88." 

Triade to Perform 
at Words & Music 

By Mark Bubien 
Staff Writer 

T riade is an ensemble which 
presents a unique and versatile mix 

. of chamber music arrangements. 
They will be performing at Words 
& Music bookstore on Sunday, 
Feb. 4, at 3pm. 

The group is comprised of Karen 
Victor, oboe and English hom, 
John Danke, piano, and Randy 
Pile, classical guitar. 

The group has been together 
six months and formed out of a 
"s imilarity of taste in instrumenta-
tion and expression," Victor said. 

From these tastes has arisen a 
unique blend of instrumentation 
which sets T riade apart from most 
other trios. The classical guitar is 
usually combined with the flute 
when arranged with a wind instru-
ment, according to Victor. But, 
because of individual preferences, 
Triade has chosen to offset guitar 
with oboe and English horn. 

Working in solos, duos and trios, 
Triade plays a variety of composi-
tions which span from the Ba-
roque to the Modern period. 
However, Victor said, "None of 
pieces we perform were originally 
written for all three instruments ." 

T o build their repertoire, T ri-
ade has rearranged several pieces 

to fit their instrumentation . 
A typical example is Concerto 

#1 by Tedesco. The trio has re-
duced the piece from orchestra 
and guitar to oboe, piano and gui-
tar. 

Victor said the Spanish guitar 
style will be the focus of the up-
coming concert at Words & Mu-
sic; specifically Rodrigo'sConcerlO 
de Aranjuez will encompass the 
second half of the performance. 

Rodrigo is of special interest to 
the group for more than stylistic 
preference. Randy Pile has recently 
returned from Spain where he 
assisred Rodrigo, who is blind . 
According to Victor, as Rodrigo 
composes, Pile plays the piece to 
allow Rodrigo to gain an impres-
sion of the work without seeing 
the written score. 

A classical guitarist, Pile re-
vived part of his educat io n at 
UCSD, studyi ng under Pepe 
Romero, artist in residence for the 
music department. He is currently 
an ass istant to Romero. Pile also 
maintains an extensive repertoire 
which includes the recent record-
ing of Franciso ve Madin's Conci-
erco Vasco . 

. See TRIADE, page 6 

Boomerang 
Geffen Records 

When one contempla tes the 
word "creature", one conjures 
up thoughts of bizarre and 
uniquely undefinable animals. 
The recent second release of 
Siouxsie and Budgie-of Ban-
shees fame-as the Creatures 
brings up these ideas in a collec-
tion of eerie and melodic songs. 

An interesting factor of this 
work is the lack of a variety of 
instruments. Onlysomedrums, 
bass, and ho m are used to cre-
ate a mysterious, dreamy effect. 
As a result, Siouxsie is able to 
sh ow off her great vocal ab ili -
ties as her voice becomes the 
focus ofattention in each song. 

By trying not to imitate the 
Banshees, the Creatures are able 
to grab a larger audience and 
experimem with a sound un-
matched in the alternative 
genre. Yet the duo uses the 
intense, thought-provoking 
lyrics that are the Banshees' 
trademark, making the impact 
of the Creatures' music stro nger. 

The best tracks on the al-
bum are not the wild ors traight-

G 
EFF 
NFIELD 

forward songs, but the trippy bal-
lads that echo the Doors and other 
psychedelic gro ups. "Venus 
Sands," the best song on the al-
bum, discusses a group of birds 
feedingon the flesh of baby turtles. 
The lyrics, like the song, almost 
eem to be perverse, but in a beau-

tiful and natural sense. 
Even the album jacket is in-

triguing. The cover picture of 
Budgie and Siouxsie stand ing nude 
in a field of over-sized thorny flow-
ers and the unique arrangement of 
the lyrics in the inner cover fur-
ther enhance the enigma that 
shrouds these two figures. 

Siouxsie and Budgie's efforts to 
create a unique, interesting album 
have succeeded and they should 
continue to put out high quality 
albums while on hiatus from the 
Banshees. The Creatures are a 
band of intrigue, and their music is 
destined to become popular among 
the a lternative crowd. 

By Josh Odintz 
Staff Writer 

The Music Society 
Probabilities 

In a society where computers 
allow humans the ability to do 
almost anything, is it any wonder 

that a group of Canadian musi-
cians calling themselves The 
Music Society should put out 
an album of "music created 
through human-computer in-
teraction?" 

The liner notes for Proba-
bilities, The Music Society's 
debut album, proclaims that all 
of the "cybermusic" tracks on 
the album emulate the fond-
ness that humans have for 
machines. 

Unfortunately, the music on 
the album is just a collection of 
sounds that a computer has 
been programmed to repeat in 
a certain order. 

A bright spot, however, is 
the album's fi rst song, "Proba-
bilities 8." It differs from the 
others with its rhythm and har-
mony meshed into a wonder-
fully bright, jazzy melody. The 
other bright spot is "Probabili-
ties 3," which is very similar to 
"Probablilities 8" with its tOuch 
of rhythm, but it fails to keep 
the same jazzy feel and soon re-
turns to the monotony of bells, 
chimes and harpsichord. 

The only question that is 
left to answer after experienc-
ing this album seems to be: 
"Okay, maybe computers can 
produce music, but if humans 
program the computers to play 
music, maybe they should learn 
a bit about music itself before 
they tell an unthinking ma-
ch ine what it is supposed to 
do." 

By James Darlow 
Contributing Writer 

The Best Shows in Town are at 

..... IDEO GALLERY 
because: 

MEDIA CRITIC & POLITICAL Al~ALYST SPEAKING ON 
POLITICS & THE MEDIA 

A syndicated colwnnist and political/ 
media analyst at ABC News, Green· 
field brings a lUliqlle wit and perspec , 
tive to our political scene . As an 
' aging baby-boomer ' who was 'part 
of the flrst seneration that liked rock 
& roll,' his usc of cultural artifacts to 
make a political point is kgendary. 

His incisive comments combined with 
his dry humor have made him a cult 
hero [0 millio ns oflate-night news 
junkies who carch his regular appear· 
ances on ABC·TV's Nightli,.. and 

We cater to students I • We have the Best Selection of movies (Including the 
finest foreign film collection in the county) • M_ Copies of the New 

Releases· No Membership ..... A Friendly and KnowIecICabie Staff that 
knows movies • Barpln O.ys every Monday and ThurSday 

read his columns. He is, as the Vili4ge 
Voice has said, ' the most literate wit ' 
of anyone in 1V news. 

FEBRUARY 2 • FRIDAY· 8 PM • MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
G.A. $9.00 • STUDENTS $5.00 • SR.ClT. $8.00 
UCSD BOX OFFICE . 534-4559 TICKer. ~STe"""8 

_ ., cow""., J" C:Jl' '0-._ 
.'./aT . .. T'X. 

Presented by U 0 University Events & Student Activities 

NEW RELEASES: INDIANA JONES AND THE TEMPLE OF DOOM 
• NEW YORK STORtES • PINK CADILLAC • KtCK BOXER 

COMING SOON: LETHAL WEAPON II. PARENTHOOD 

Bring This Ad to Rent One Movie 
____ ~nd~t~SerondRenroln~~ __ _ 

Monday thru Thursday. Expires 2/8/90. 
Costa Verde Center - 8750 Gene"ee • 450-1766 

La Jolla Village Center near Ralph 's • 450-1554 
Hours: Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-8 pm/ Fri.-Sat. 11 am-l0 pm 

2 LOCATION 
,) HIA TlJS FFBRLJARY 1 1990 



'Driving Miss Daisy' 
Maintains Integrity 

by Christina and Mark 

Women $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg. 519) 

UCSD Specials 
Pl'rtn & Hairc'1tI or 
Highlight & Haircut $50 

For appomlm'lII. plt'ase call 457·P/30. 8950 ViII" L" Jolla Dr., 
St,. 1120, I a 10110 (hehmd EI Torilo direrlll- across rump.) 

One evening last fall, I. along 
with other patrons of the Old 
Globe Theatre. was fortunate 
enough to see the Pulitzer Prize-
winning play enti tled "Driving 
Miss Daisy." After the final scene, 
the players were rewarded with a 
standing ovation. 

Naturally, when I 
learned in December that 
Warner Brothers would 
soon be releasing a film 

: • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • .: vC!l)ion of the play, I was 
: IlIJ)IIIIJEI~ISD : ~x~~~~d ~~: skia~~~~ 
• • 
• (J(~S)) (~()IJ..I~(~I~ NI(~B'I' • Company's production 
• • successfully deliver the 
: ~C.e ~ l'illl'IT .r. .r. : same poignant story of 
: ~ <;p ~~ .. ~ .. "" ~. Casual attire 1.,<,$ / 4. • high-minded Miss Daisy 
• (fie; a.--" <)'S ~ V I I bl)~,f ~ : Werthan (Jessica Tandy) 
• <t ~ ~ .. , ~ I Experience it at ~1Q1r • and her patient black 
: (j ~'o" lIThe Kraken" ~ : chauffeur Hoke Coleman 
: ~ 2531 S. Hwy 101 • (Morgan Freeman)? 
• Cardiff.by.the-Seo : Having recently seen 
• 2 mi. north of Vio De Lo Volle • the film, for which Alfred 
: across from Ihe Chart House : Uhry adapted his original 

By Audrey Lyn Winterer 
Senior Staff Writer 

Hoke as a human being. 
Set against the backdrop of the 

changing American South, the 
film focuses on the relationship 
the twO develop and, in doing so, 
serves as a metaphor of the rela-
tionship between tbe Southern 
white and black cultures in the 

Academy Award nominee Free-
man, who created the role of H ke 
off-Broadway, was everyone's first 
choice for the film. Uhry notes, 
"Morgan brings a dimension to 
this part that from the beginning 
has todowith things tharl couldn't 
write and can barely explain. It 's a 

combination of itony, dig. 
nity, and humility that's 
quite indefinable." 

Tandy, who recently 
endeared herself to Amer· 
ica in "Cocoon," plays Daisy 
Werthan cxquisitely. Her 
cnthusiasm towards the 
challenge of making Miss 
Daisy come fully alive on 
the screen surely helped it 
to be realized. 

"I t'S a wonderful script 
and a wonderful part," 
Tandy said. "And, although 
the relationship is a univer-
salone, it has particular sig-
nificance in its Southern 
milieu." 

Aykroyd of "Saturday 
Night Live" and "Ghost-
busters" plays a very believ-

able tole as Miss Daisy'sconcemed 
son. The expertise Aykroyd has 
gained in his theatrical and film 
career serves him well. 

• FREE BEFORE 9:30 • play, I heartily affirm his 
: $5 aam;5Sion w/ ID : talent as a playwright. Miss Daisy (Jessica Tandy) and her chauffeur Hoke 
• Thursday Nights $4 w/schoollD • "Driving Miss Daisy" (Morgan Freeman) make a rest stop on the road to 
• • tells the story of an eccen- Atlanta in "Driving Miss Daisy" 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

roM'S Master Mechanics 
exclusively WV and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
----------------I 20% DISCOUNT-I I with this ad • EKpires 2/15/90 

I • Must present coupon and valid UCSD ID at time of estimate. I Not valid with m<JJor engine or transmission repairs. I 1 450~9L494 1 CALIFORNIA I "--;. R.5e G I 
".OffS 11'0"" S I -- , ,,'0.0"11 W.,l(f 

I I VISA I 
-

I 
I 11 You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them I 
I About Us; 11 They Haven't Discovered 
I Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
I 
I 5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

-- - -----

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

_J 

tric, 72-year-old Southern Jewish periodoftheemergingCivilRights 
matron who, after crashing her 
brand-new 1948 Packard into her 
neighbor's garden, is urged by her 
son Boolie (Dan Aykroyd) to hire 
a chauffeur. She refuses his advice, 
clinging to her independence. 

Despite his moth er's wishes, 
Boolie hires Hoke, an aging black 
man, to be her driver. Though 
Miss Daisy claims to be free from 
prejudice, it takes her nearly 
lwenty.five years to acknowledge 

movement. 
Director Bruce Beresford, 

whose "fresh viewpoint of the 
American South" helped "Tender ' 
Mercies" receive an Oscar nomi-
nation, guides "Driving Miss 
Daisy" with equal skill. Uhrywrote 
a story that is "primarily autobio· 
graphical with a great deal of sim-
plicity and directness. Those are 
the kinds of stories I like to film," 
Beresford explained. 

Nervousness, tension, anxiety, difficulty relaxing 
are symptoms being studied at UCSD in a new 
treatment study of anxiety disorder 
• Men, or women with no chi ldbearing potential, 

18-65, in good physical health, without a history 
of drug abuse or alcoholism are eligible to apply 

• Subjects taking tranquilizers or antidepressants are 
not eligible to apply 

For a free evaluation call 552-8585 ext. 3849 

The Zanuck Company is to be 
commended for their determina-
tion to expand the play for the 
screen without compromising the 
quality of the original script. 

Lili Zanuck recently said, "The 
worst thing you can do is try to 
manufacture a hit. We set out to 
live up to the integrity of the play." 

Triade 
continued from page 5 

Victor has performed with the 
Chicago Chamber Orchestra, the 
San Diego Symphony, and the 
UCSD's SONOR. She has taught 
at Cal State University, Los Ange-
les, and Southwestern College. 

Danke, a staff accompanist at 
both Palomar and Mira Costa 
Colleges, has performed exten-
Sively throughout the country. 

Tickets for the performance at 
Words & Music are $9.00. For 
more information, ca ll 298-40 II . 

~ authentic IndIIn cuIIIne In . NlMing 1nd ....,.,,-1rIonnII elmO", 
and ....... a fine cInng overlooWng h lA JoIII eov.. 

Winne' /SouthmJ CIIUfom/8 Restaurant WrltAn~ Award " 
"Exctllen/ food and serolc;1!" 

Attention High Achievers ...... . 
Ramola Mahajani 

Corporate flilenllQer, Taj Group of Hotels ,~, India 
Specializing in Tandoori & vegetarian dishes. 

mild to hot spicy curries & delicious Blryanies . • 

Open 7 Days 
Lunch; 11 :30- ,?:30 
Dinner. 5;00 - 9.30 

!7IshoJQ 
CUlSINE OF INov. 

Reservations 454·6263 
/IIIoderate Price All major creclt 

cards are IICcepted. 

8008 Girard Avenue. La JoII 
(2nd floor c;omer of Iowt'r Girard "00 PlOifIeCt St.l 

20% OFF 

-join -

(jo{den ~y 
9£ationaf :Honor Society . 

Benefits include: 
- ScholarshipB 
- Career Assistance 
- Leader sh ip Opportunities 
- Recognition 

for all UCSD Students, 
Faculty and Staff* 

BUFFET LUNCH 
All You Can Eat 
Every day $6.95 

You may pick up an application at GH1540 OT USB 1240 
or call Golden Key a t 534-3172 fOT more in formation . 

'Excludil1ll Fri., Sal., Sun. & HoIuUlys 
Please preBenJ coupon when orderillg. 

D,scounl Me. nol apply 10 Buffet L ________ __ _ _ ..... ____________ _ 
Golden Key will sponsor an in formation table at the P r ice Cen ter 

Wednesdays from 10:00 am to 1:00 pm 

. 6 HIATUS FEBRUARY 1, 1990 

Thursday, February 1, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 9 

CHECI(our 
THEVINYLBLOWOUT 

50 '1~ OFF ALL IMPORT LP'S 
50 o~ OFF 100'5 of 

DOMESTIC LP'S 
20 % OFF USED LP'S 

RSSORTED LlINYl WRNTS YOUR USED CO 'S 
BRI Ne. fHE M IN RND WE I I BUY fH EM FR OM YOU 

Assorted Vinyl 
TOPTEN!!! 

, . DEPECHE MODE "PERSONAL JESUS " 
2. B·52'S "COSMIC THING" 
3. KATE BUSH "SENSUAL WORLD" 
4. MORRISSEY "OUUA BOARD, OUIJA BOARD" 
5. DURAN DURAN "DECADE" 
6. PETER MURPHY "DEEP" 
7. PHIL COLLINS "BUT SERIOUSLY ... " 
8. RUSH "PRESTO" 
9. UB40 "LABOUR OF LOVE /I " 
10.INDIGO GIRLS ·STRANGE FIR~E" __ ~. 

Located in Price: Center 
Ho urs: 

Mo nday - Friday 1 HS 
Saturday 11 ·4 

<I\> Hybritea:h ~f INCORPORAT'EO 
Part-Time Positions 
Hybrltech, a subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company, has several positions avail-
able. All positions require 20-29 hours a week within Monday-Friday 8 a.m. to 
5 p.m., except where noted. Positions are located at either our corporate 
headquarters in La Jolla or in our Miramar facilities. 

.Computer Operator (1) - Will work on VAX system. Responsible for back-
ups , routine maintenance and end-user reports. Course work in Computer 
Science and knowledge of VMXNAX environment desirable. Applicant must 
be able to work weekends and early evenings. 
Data Entry Clerk (2) - Data entry and analysis under supervision. Strong PC 
skills are required and working knowledge of Lotus 123. Paradox. and HaNard 
Graphics is a plus. 
a.c. Analyst (1) - Under supervision will periorm simple tests. Must have 
good math skills; familiarity with aclinical setting is beneficial. 
Telecommunications Clerk (1) . Will assist in coordination of daily communi-
cation tasks, trouble shoot problems and interact with ROLM central support. 
Individual must have reliable transportation to drive to our various San Diego 
facil ities. Familia rity with voice and data communication systems is desired; 
excellent communication skills a must. 
Secretary (2) - Must be proficient in Word Perfect 5.0 and have exce llent 
written and verbal communication skills. Preferred candidate will be a ble 10 
work 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. T-Th, partial day on M-W-F. 
Word Processor (2) - Must have at least 6 months experience with Word 
Perfect 5.0 and type 60 wpm. Should be ve ry detail oriented and be able to 
work with minimal supervis ion. 
LIbrary Assistant (1) - MU$t have reliable tra nsportation. Responsible for 
filling requests for documents from area libraries (UCSD, SDSU, USD and 
Public). Individual must show great attention to detail a nd should be familiar 
~i th personal computers. Hours are flexible. 
Lab AssIstant (several) - Will perform simple assays. make buffers and will 
help maintain the labs by ordering and receiving supplies and washing glass-
ware. Position requires a minimum of one year college che mistry with 
associated lab work. 
We offer a stimulating work environment and competitive salaries. Please 
send resume and salary history to the Huma n Resources Department. 

Hybrltech Incorporated 
P.O. Box 269006 

San Diego, CA 92126-9006 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

ALL STUDENTS WELCOME TO ATTEND!!! 

BE-
E 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1990 
PRICE CENTER PLAZA 

STUDENT BODY PRESIDENT 
JOHN RAMIREZ 

COLLEGE COUNCIL CHAIRS 
CHANCELWR ATKINSON 

VICE CHANCELLOR WATSON 

Adressing Concerns and Issues presently affecting 
the Students at UCSD. 

12:00 - 1:00 Addressing the student body in 
the Price Center Plaza 

1:00 - 2:30 Infonnal Discussion Period with 
Refreshments 

Price Center. 3rd Floor 
Conference Room #8 

INFORMATION & ACADEMIC LIBRARIES 

CONTEMPORARY 
ISSUES 

50 
a course designed to teach you strategies 

for doing library research better and faster 

T his course provides students with insight into a 
world of information that they 
clearly had no idea existed. 
Students are amazed at the 
amount and variety of sources 
and the specificity they can find 
by using the techniques 
introduced in the class. 

S tudents who have taken CI/SO say: -I'd recommend 
this class to anyone (just about) 
- most people aren't aware of 
the 'wealth of resources' 
available in libraries. 

"Many have asked me about this 
class, and I don't hesitate to tell 
them what a fantastic and useful 
one it is.-

"The class is invaluable to anyone 
serious about developing 
research techniques and skills in 
squeezing the last drop of 
information out of the library. -

One section of CI/SO is offered 
for Spring Quarter, 1990: 

TuesdaylThursday 
9:00-9:50 a.m. 

Location: 
Undergraduate Library 
Galbraith Hall, Rm. 2100 

Instructor: Tami Echavarria 
Phone: 534-5726 

SPRING 
QUARTER 

1990 

.... 



10 CLASSIFIEDS 

Classified ad"frtisln& i5 sold In IS·word inc:remenu. 
TlMnte~r 15 words is SI fwSl ...... s.SJfw '.allty 
ud .,If, .Itd $4 'or otlwn. Paymtftl in .ltv.flU is 
rrquiredi Ilwrt'rOfTt.cts mmt M mailed with. ched 
(mock Ply ..... toTlwUCSDG __ Jo< ,.. ..... lo<Ii. 
p6IGa. PItut uvtt'llaa C ..... IL DtHtiMS are j p.1"Il. 
Tfllursdly fur MGMIy's peP"' and Jp.m. Mund8" fur 
Thursday's ~Pft'. TM Gtll"""'." retefva 1M ripllo 
must any adnrtsnc indudinC but noI Ii_tel 10 
~nioMlilip ... For mort inJonnitiun call SJ4.. 
541'-ThtG_.UC D.B~J6,LaJoHa,CA 'lOU 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT 
UCSD ! Jewi sh Campus Centers 
provides wannth, education, prayer, 
socializing. Connect with Union of 
Jewi h Students! 502 Matthews; ea~t 
of the Price Center. Call Rabbi Siomick, 
534-2521. (1/4-3/ 12) 

MUIR HA APPS available thru 2(21 . 
Referral # 11051. Mandatory meeting: 
2/1 or 2/21. Call 534-4200. (1/29-
2/ 15) 

A.S. Internship office application 
deadlines for San Diego program is 
Feb. 2 and Califomia and ationaJ 
program is Feb. 9. Don ' t miss out on 
an intemship! Contact ASIO at 534_ 
4689. (1/25-2/1) 

RISC SPRI G TR[P: Sun Valley, on 
sale Feb. 5. S350 box office. ALL-
CAL Slide Show!! Wed. Feb 7, 8:00 
p.m., PH lOS. Also. BROOMBALL, 
Sat. Feb. 10, 12:30-2:30 at nigh!. Pre-
party? 534-4482. (1(29-2/8) 

Don 't miss Coffeehouse 5 and Talent 
Niteon Sat.,Feb. 3 from 5-8 p.m. in the 
Int'l Center. Free coffee and desserts, 
plus lots of entertainment and 
laughs!(1/29-2/ 1) 

MU[R HA APPS: Available with 
referral # II 051. Mandatory meeting: 
2/1 or 2(21 . Info: Call 534-4200. 
(1 (29-2/15) 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 1, 1990 

Classifieds 
ALL MAJORS - GET PUBLISHED!! 
The UCSD Journal of Undergraduate 
Research is now accepting your essays. 
Please submit: research papers, critical 
essays, expanded term papers , or 
condensed senioror honors theses. The 
deadline is February 15th. For more 
information call 534-3917 or visit the 
U.S. Grams office in Ihe Price Center. 
(2/1-2/12) 

Free Groupleader Travel- Roundtrips 
start - London $398 - Amsterdam $440 
- Frankfurt $470 - Paris $498 + 51 
Europe cities. 5% discount Eurail 
Passes, lOurs . ADl Travel 7718 
Herschel, La Jolla 456-6256. (2/1-2/8) 

MOTORCYCLISTS CLUB MEETS 
AGA[ :TONIGHTAT6PM [NTHE 
PRICE CENTER. Movies + Riding 
School Info. Phone 530-2218. (2/1) 

Fifth College Res ident Advisor 
applications due 2/20/90. Pick up 
referral at Career Services. Job 
#OWl 1049. (2/1-2/15) 

SERVICES 

RESUM~S , TERM PAPERS , 
REPORTS. You ARE a professional. 
Let us present your work to reflect 
your professional image. Any report 
can be produced. Reasonable rates. 
Call KompUler Art Technology. 695-
8597. (11130-2/1) 

Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-1500 
hairs per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. 
Student discounts_ (619) 558-4644. 
(619) 226-1962. (1/4_3/12) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes andmore. ear St. Gennains. 
452-9949. (10/9-3/12) 

TYPL"'G!! I'll type your tenn papers 
etc. quickly and inexpensively. Laser 
printer. CaJl Jennifer: 558-6090. (1/8-
219) 

Typing/Word Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, theses, books, lellers, 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (1/16-2/15) 

Tutoring: writing skills, research 
methods; also, word processing. Call 
Judith: 551-2632. (1116-2/1) 

TYP[NG/WORD PROCESSING . 
One Day Service. Free Editing. $1.75 
per page. Call Ann 229-9119. (1/22-
3/12) 

Math tutoring. On campus. All college 
levels. GRE, SAT. Guaranteed. 1st 
meeting free . Leave message. 492-
8071. (1/25-2/8) 

WORD PROCESSING - Student 
papers, resumes. Laser printing, 
spcllcheck. S2 .20/DS page . 
Experienced. Reliable . Input/Output. 
535-30lD. (1(25-2/15) 

Califomia certified, non-sexual, deeply 
wonderful MASSAGE! Dissolve your 
stress, get healthier, and reach your 
peak! Men, women, srudent rates, La 
10lla location. Jot down this number: 
Andrew Moore, 551-0235. (1(25-2/5) 

Professional threatrical and 
commercial heads hots in studio. 72 
shots for $60. Guaranteed! Also, 
portfolios, composites, and on location 
sports and modeling photography. 
UCSD students caJl 587-4874. "Hot 
Shots" studio on Gilman Dr (1(29-
2{30) 

Word Processing Services. Reasonable 
Rates,excellentquaJity. Call Lisa 566-
9092. (2/1-2/5) 

EXAMINE YOUR LIFE in brief 
psychotherapy. Affordable. Betty 
Lightstone#LCS8727. Call 232-1251. 
(2/1-2(26) 

Capture your Valentine's heart with a 
delicious SWEET ARRANGE-
MENTS cookie bouquet! Free campus 
delivery. 546-0440. (2/1-2/12) 

Research: Healthy women 18-30, with 
long, irregular menstrual cycles. No 
medical illness, anemia. Daily blood 
drawing x 1 cycle, sleeping with night 
light 5x. Payment S5.00/blood. 
Message 552-1(585 ext';219( 1/16-2/8) 

The ultimate campus job, UCSD 
Annual Fund, S7/hr, flexible evening 
hours, great experience. Call587 -1585. 
(1(22-2/1) 

Revelle Resident Advisor Applications 
available starting 1(26/90. Pick up 
referral at Student Employment. 
Info??? 534_3025. (1(25-2/1) 

Tutor for Math I B neeeded. $12!hr, 
one hour a week. Experience required. 
Soo 453-6926. (1/25-2/8) 

Being-fit is hiring experienced aerobic 
instructors for new fitness center 3 
mile from campus. All hours available. 
CaJl for interview. 483-9294. (1(25-
2/1) 

Earn $6.25 per hour. United Campus 
Ministry is taking appl ications for a 
Student Intern position. Re ponsibility 
- program planning. Interested: call 
534-2521 or stop in the Campus 
Ministry Office, 502 MAAC. (1/29-
2/1) 

Funk band w/gigs seeks drummer and 
lead guitarist. Influences: JB, Chillis, 
Stones.lon 273-2145. (1/29-2/1) 

Frenchman for tutoring and translation. 
Anyone out there who's been in the 
French University system?Translation 
of psychology, philosophy, political 
anaJyses (both English to French and 
vice versa) Sue Toledo. 270-9624. 
(1/29-2/1) 

MaJe actor (16-20) and maJe actor(25-
40) for 16mm film. Call Audra 270-
5660. (1(29-2/1) 

Disabled female attorney needs 
individuaJ to aid at desk. 9:00 a.m. to 
7:00 p.m., M/W IF. Filing, light 
bookkeeping, good grammar, and 
punctuation skills required. Able to 
drive a van - automatic transmission. 

Toshiba l11icrowave S50.00, samll 
refrigeratot$50.00, Telephone $10.00, 
G&S skateboard 530.00. 268-4061. 
(1(29-2/1) 

Speakers: JBL4312A Studio Monitors, 
3-way, wltlnut cabinets, excellent 
sound, originally S1150/pr_ sacrifice 
$685/pr., o.b.o. 455-7342. (1(29-2/1) 

Mac SE 2 floppies and fastest 40 meg 
HD w/software. [magewriter 11 also 
available. $2400. Seth 558-0641, or 
losh (213) 539-7668. (1/29-2/1) 

Floppy DiSks! Quality 5.25" DSDD 
with sleeves. On-campus. 20 for S5. 
Call Steve: 546-8042. (1/29-2/1) 

Futon and Frame S105 . Can deliver 
268-0814.0/29-2/1) 

Kickstart your heart! 3 MOIley Crue 
concert tickets at LA 's Great Westem 
Forum, Feb. 13, 8:00 p.m. Good view 
of stage, second terrace. $22 a piece. 
[nfo call Heide 558-8783 (1/29-2/1) 

Amiga 1000, 512K, 2 drives, RGB 
monitor, Citizen Printer, some 
software, $895. Mark 587 -8946. 
0/29-2/8) 

Ford Maverick '73. Good condition. 
Make an offer! Call Agnes 457-7969. 
( 1/29-2/8) 

Helmet - Bell, aJl white, looks really 
cool, great COndition, never down $60. 
Also, surlboard, brand new, 6' $123. 
Call now, 483-8549, Charlie, (2/1) 

La lolla lmponer. Designer Leather 
jackets from $140 to S2oo. For casual 
or semi-formal wear. For inroon styles 
and colors caU459-406I. (2/1) 

Toshiba P321 printer, excellent 
COnditiOll. S250 includes box of paper 
and cable. Stephanie 558-7501. (2{I-
2/5) 

N ishiki Olympic 12 speed bike $75.00, 
double bed, S50.00, golf clubs, $40.00, 
Bill @ 792-1265, UCSD X40548. 
(211) 

Thursday, February I, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Commi~ 
Continued from page 8 
two to three more times if a show 
is coming up. Weintraub sa id he 
doesn't consider the time needs of 
the commitee to be too demand-
ing. 

Deena Mallareddy, a commit-
tee member, pointed out Ihat, " [f 
you have time to Iislen to music in 
you r dorm room, you have time for 
Ihb." 

The committee also schedules 
Pub ~hows and is intere ted in 

Art 
Continued from page 8 
simple and contain their own de-
sign language of dots and crosses 
"different than thedesign language 
of the desert." 

Theexhibition will also include 
videos (some with subtitles) show-
ing the Aborigines creating their 
crafts and paintings. 

The Grove Gallery is open from 
Tuesday through Friday from 10 
a.m. to 5 p.m. and from 10 a.m. to 
2 p.m. on Saturday. 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Continued . .. 

North Clairemont: Extremely quiet, 
holistic person share 3 BR house. $300/ 
$285/utilities/Donna 270-1724. (2/1) 

PERSONALS 

Jostcns Rep at Bookstore 10:00- 3:00, 
February 5,6,7. Your college ring on 
sale. (1(25-2/1) 

Muir Commuter Breakfasts are 
Mondays 8-10 a.m. in Cloud's Rest. 
JUSt 50 cents! (1/29-2/15) 

Participate in the Muir Commuter 
Counci l! Meetings: Mondays 3:30-
4:30p.m. Provost's Conference Room 
H&SS 2148. (1/29-2/15) 

Sig Kaps -This is it! Get "pumped" for 
Derby Days! ! (2/1) 

having more local bands play on 
campus. Weintraub c laimed that 
aJtjough San Diego State Univer-
sity has bener facilities, UCSD 
has been able to lure many top 
bands. 

"Pop Events brings the latest 
and freshest music to UCSD_ We 
were responsible for all the great 
bands and shows," Weintraub said. 

Times and dates for the meet-
ings are po ted at the University 
Events office, on the third floor of 
the Price Center. 

The programing committee , on 
the other hand, is responsible for 
bringing to campus more than just 
bands. Headed by A.S. Program-
mingCommisioner MattSchnurer, 
the committee is in charge ofTGs, 
the A.S. film eries, and guest 
speaker . Members meet every 
Tuesday at 5 p.m. to discuss pos-
sible events. 

The Programming Committee 
was responsible for last quarter' s 
showing of "Batman" and will be 
presenting more of last summer' 
film, uch as "When Harry Met 
Sally . . . ," in the Price Centerthea-
tec. 

VALETS 
CASHIERS 

, POp Events 
brings the latest 
and freshest music 
to UCSD. We 
were responsible 
for all the great 
bands and shows' 

-Larry Weintraub 
The committee was also respon-

sible for the Reggae Fest and col -
laborated with University Events 
to put on the Jazz Festival at the 
Price Center. Schnurer said that 
the Programming Committee pro-
vides good experience in planning 
major events and puning on shows. 

Schnurer stressed rhat the more 
members in the committee, the 
better the chance of having more 
diverse events at UCSD. He aid 
ti1e committee is there to provide a 
non-intimidating atmosphere to get 
people to suggest ideas without the 
threat of being shot down. He also 
said thar meetings are a good place 
to discuss events thar didn ' t go 
well , and prevent future fia co . 

N::e Parking tnc., San Diego's largesl parking management firm IS tooking 
for plOfesslonal and dependable indlvidudts who would like to )0 10 our 
fast moving team. 
tmmedlate position are avatlable 10 La Jolla, The Golden Triangle, and 
many other central locations in San Diego. 
We offer FLEX hours, parHtme, full·tlme shifts and benefIts. 
Interv Iew-; will be conduded 10 La Jol la/U OI versl ty CIlY by apPOintment , 

or you may apply In person ilt our down-
. town location 

Bring your val ,d CA driver license, D.M.V. 
printout and s.s. card to Ace Parking Inc., 
Personnel, 1452 7th Avenue (Beech Street) 
San Diego, CA 92101. For more i nforma-
tion, or to schedule appoIntment call 
231-9501. 
Equal Opponunlty Employer 

Assistant Actuarial Analysts What is the United States' economic responsibility towards the Th ird World? Come find out at the 
Intemational Cafe, Fri. 2/2. Noon-I :30 
auhe [ntemational Center. Lunch only 
$1.50! (2/1 ) 
International House Resident Advisor 
applications due 2/20. Pick up referral 
at Career ServIces. job Jaw i roaR 

WANTED 
Vicki 's Word proces~I~. n~g~S~e~rv~i;c~e-=-;:~~~:!::::~~~~~~~C~al~I~4~54-~9~10~1~.~(2/~1~-~~)~~~~~,M~a~cl~.n~tO~sh~800~K~E~x~~~m~a~1~D~is~k~D~r~iv~e~--------_t--------~~~~~~;;~~~::~~:-r_--~~~~~~iill~tllllL~Ii~~~~'l!<l'i~----l-Resumes,theses, manuscripts, mailing_ $100, Ramiro 273-8209. (2/1-2/8\ 
Accuracy and -- ' - .. ,. • is 93? (2/1) FEBRUARY 9 
guKrafitMd. ~!eK I Rusnmg 3 b-lOh. Subjects wanted for a allergy study. Must be 18-65 years old Surlboard 1'0"_ TopperBig Wave Gun. 

(2/1 -2/15) 0/16-2/15) study on the effects of alcohol. If you and allergic to grass, ragweed, or cat Great wave catcher; S185. 458-0966, 

I tl fum, 5 .1/1.1 
Discount Beauty Supplies 

• NO SALES TAX! on 
PAUL MITCHELL products only 

1501 OFF on all top major brands ~O (excluding Paut Mitchell products) 
TO ALL UCSD STUDENTS 
with valid I.D. and coupon through 1991. 

TIRED OF BAD HAIRCUTS AND PAYING S30 & UP? 
For the best preCISion balanced haircut 

of your life· We do tt your way' 

$15 
M-ThUrs. 10-6 
FrI.-Sat. 10-5 

00 CUT, SHAMPOO, BLOWDRYI 
-- 7512 La Jolla Blvd . 

(corner of Pearl in La Jolla) 
Perms $35 & up 

All Evenlnp by appointment 

-.--· ... 551-061 

are a UCSD student or non-academic dander. Subjects will be paid SI20.00 Matt. (2/1) 
staff, American bom male of entirely for four visits. Call Claudia Johns at 
Japanese, Chinese, or Korean descent, Dr. Friedlaender's office at Scripps 
call Scripps Clinic and Research Clinic 554-2248. (2/1) . 
Foundation for more information,554_ 
2192. (1/4-3/12) 

Housedeaners: $8 per hr. part-lime, 
very Oexible hours, pleasant working 
environment. Must be reliable, 
professional, have reliable car. Call 
between 8-5pm M-F. 259-8731. (1/8-
2/1) 

kinko's' 
the copy cen ter 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Drivers to deliver cookie bouquets Feb. 
14. Famil iar with San Diego area. Good 
pay. 546-0440. (2/[-2/8) 

UCSD research lab needs subjects for 
brainwave studies of language aDd 
auention. S5/hr. 534_3797. (2/1) 

WANTED: Childcare for 2 girls; 3 & 
6. Desire energetic, non-smok.er with 
own transportation to work 20-25 
hours/week_ Afternoon and evenings. 
Light housekeeping_ References. Bird 
Rock area (La lolla). 454-4992. (2/1-
2/12) 

FOR SALE 

Futon, beautiful color, special frame , 
unused. S95, can deliver. Also queen 
bed never used. 284-6222. (1 (25-2/26) 

IBM compatible Turbo XT, 640K 
RAM, 2 360K drives, Color Monitor, 
S395. Call Rob: 697-9192. (1/29,-2/8 ) 

HOUSING 

Three bedroolll house forrent. 900+ 1/ 
3 utilities. Near campus. Leave 
message at 272-7382. (1(22-2/5) 

Own room and bath, fully furnished 
town house, garage, pool, jacuzzi, 
washer, dryer, close 10 UCSD, S350/ 
month 452-07S3. (I!29-2/l) 

Room in Del Mar for rem. 2 minutes 
from beach. Own room, fireplace, 
k.itchen, private pool, and jacuzzi, 
microwave, VCR, laundry. Available 
2/25. S365/mo. 755-6492, (1/29-2/8) 

Del Mar Apattment, 2 bedroom, I 
bath. $825/month. Once block to beach. 
Lease unrilluly 15. Call 697-8660. 
(1/29-2/1) 

Family of thtee would exchange 
furnished two bedroom apartment in 
New York City (mid-town Manhattan) 
with apanment or house in La Jolla for 
two weeks inla\e July - Early August. 
Call (21 2) 599-0836. (2/1 -2/5) 

Good Luck Pi Ph is in Derby Days! 
Let's take first place with Jana as 
Queen! (2/1) 

Attention: Triton Yearbook Staff is 
looking for enthusiastic people for our 
photography and darkroom staffs. [f 
interested, come to meetings on 
Wednesdays 6:00 p.m. or ca ll 534-
7491 and leave a message.(2/1-2(26) 

Tree Spikers of UCSD unite! A great 
haml is being done to our beloved 
trees. (2/1) 

CABO SAN LUCAS SPRING 
BREAK - April I 0-14, $346.00 double 
occupancy, includes hotel , air, etc. 
PROFESSIONAL TRAVEL 481 -
1264. (2/1-2(26) 

Want on the air experience? Interested 
in broadcastjoumalism? Join KSDT's 
news department. Get experience in 
newswriting, reporting, produ lion and 
on-airdclivery. Come to KSDTlocated 
in Old Studcnt Center. Meetings arc 
Mon. at 6 p.m.! (2/1 -2/5) 

Revelle Scmi-fonnal is cOllllng Feb. 
24th. Tickets at box office, $21.50. 
After Feb. II $23.00. (2/1 -2(20) 

Talk Derby 10 me, Feb. 1-3. (211) 

The Company: Fireman's Fund 
• One ci the largest U.s. Property and Casualty Insurance Companies. 

The Location: Marin County, California 
The Opportunity: 
• A challenging career providing rapid advancement into senior 

management. 
• The number-one rated job in the u.s. by The Jobs Rated Almanac. 

The Requirements: 
• Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. 
• Prefer a Bachelor's degree with emphasis in Mathematics, Statis-

tics, Economics or Finance. 
• Effective verbal and written communication skills are essential. 

Interviews: 
• Will be held Friday, February 9. 
Check with your placement office for more information. EOE. 

Fireman's 
Fund 

We Insure Good News. 

FEATURES II 

r-------------------, 
2 TANS $1 
One for You, One For A Friend 

30 TAN DAYS $29 
Lose 6" in 2 Hrs, Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap - Only $48 

Not a temporary water loss. No exercise or diets. 

TRIM & TAN • UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct. • 454-0909 
Pacific Beach· MissionValley • Slate College· Sports Arena 

Call 101 details ' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 - F'osHima cl'lents 
L EIpires 2J8I9O • 
------------------_ .. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 

hot chocolate! 
HOURS: 11 -10:30 Sun.-Thurs. 
11-11 Fri. & Sot. 

L 
\ ' o. 

. 

LA JOLLA COLONY 
7770 Regents I~d .. Ste. 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

~ ,. \ . 
'I. ... tit 

.' 

> 

-

--------------------------

2 for 1 ~~::~=r:r lesser value FREE. Void , ~th 0I:lY olher offer. Toppings not Included. 
Ono COUPOn per customer. EIpires 2/4/90. 

-

I 
I 
I 
I 
I L __________________________ ~ 

do actuaries 
do? 

They develop, price. market and report the finan Cial results of life 
Insurance products And they mak.e good money and have fun 
doing It I 

& The aauanal profesSion IS largety over1ooked because people 
don't know enough about It. It was rated as the number one 
opportunity in America in the 1988 Jobs Rated Almanac. It is a 
diversified, Challenging and lucrat~ career for sharp. dynamic 
~Ie _600 we can help-you make jt nappen-. - ---- +---
Ii We are Transamerica Ufe Companies. a preeminent name In 
financial services. With over S I I billion in assets and a pool of 
talented, friendly, high-energy professionals. we can offer you an 
opportunity you won't find anyv.ihere else. 

j ':J, Interview with us during our visit. and find out all about our 
full-time Job opportunities and summer training programs designed 
to give you an overview of the insurance industry while gaining 
hands-on actuarial experience. 

/!. Ouallfied candidates for our training programs will need a 
strong marhematics background and successful completion of at 
least one actuarial examination. IWe schedule time in your workday 
for study to help you pass your future examsl Our actuarial 
students have made some great contributions to our success In the 
past. so this IS one place we encourage your creatIVe thoughts. 

We will be on campus Interviewing for summer 
and full time positions on February 7th. 

Interviews start at 8:JO ~. Qualified Candi-
dates may sign up at the Career Servkes 
Center. Please sign up early to guarantee 

an appointment. 
Ii · . t2 Transamerica life Companies can offer you outstanding 
growth opportunities and benefits. We inVite you to meet With us 
dUring our Visit. If unable to auend please send your resume (0 ' 
Transamerka Ufe Companies. Robert J _ Conner. Director 
of Recruitment. Employment Dept_ R101. I 150 S. Olive 
St_. SuiteT-519. Los Angeles. CA 90015; 1213) 142-3431 

We aggresSIVety support equal opportunity and 
affirmative action. Women and mlnOTities are 
strongly encouraged ro apply 

TRAN AMERICA 
Ll FE COM PAN I 
Working together IS the best poli CY. 

_. 



12 SPORTS 

Is the Best 
Ever Really 
the Best Ever? 

In theaftennath of the 4gers' 
utter mutilation of the Denver 
Broncos in Super Bowl XlV 
JastSunday. fan andsportscas-
ter alike are ailing this San 
Francisco team the best to ever 
grace the grid iron. 

But what doe "the best" -
at least in thi in tance-really 
mean? Can anyone really say, 
with any semblance of author-
ity. whoi the be tfighterever, 
the best ba ketball team ever, 
or the be t football team ever? 

DAVID POTICHA 
For that maner, as awe orne 

as San Franci co looked this 
year. it didn't play all 28 team 
in the ational FOOlball League, 
and as improbable as it may 
eem, there could be a beller 

team out there that, for orne 
rea on or another. didn't make 
it to the Super Bowl. A team 
nor better than orne, but ca-
pable of beating San Franci co. 

But forget this year for a 
minute. It seems preuy obvious 
that San Francisco i the best 
team thiS year. and probably 
for the decade. However, best 
team of the decade doe not 
necessaril y mean best team of 
all-time. 

Football changes as all sports 
change. The 19 9 Oakland A . ~ 
are being compared to the 1927 
Yankeesasoneoflhe beSI teams 
evera~sembled . However, how 
can anyone try to compare a 
baseball learn from 1989 to a 
learn from 1927? NOl only was 
the game played in a radically 
different way. but the types of 
players who were stars were 
also completely different. 

If time travel were possible, 
and the '27 Yankees came to 
town, the A ·s. uSing loday's 
equipment and rules, would 
mos( likely emerge as the vic-
tors. But how would the A's 
fare in 1927? The A's reflect 
baseball in 1989. not in 1927. 

One could argue as to which 
team dominated its particular 
era, but not which team would 
beat the other. What was once 
the best will always be the best 
for 1927, and the A's will al-
ways be remem be red as the best 
in 1989. Neither, however, can 
be considered the best ever. 

Computers, you say? That 
method is inaccurate. Sure, a 
computer can play imaginary 
games between all of the al-
leged "best" teams ever and 
come up with a hypothetical 
vic tor, but once again, the 
computer is using averages and 
fig ures that cross decades. 
There is no variable for how the 
teams of the past would fare 
using modern equipment, or 
how modern teams would fare 

u~ing inferiorequipment played 
See BE T, page 13 

T he UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 1,1990 

Sports 
Triton Tennis No Match 
for Division I Opponents 

USD, USIU Put Away UCSD Women, Men 
Perhaps it 's a good sign for the 

Triton tennis teams that they both 
lost their opening matchesoverthe 
last couple of days. 

After all, last year's women's 
tennis team lost it opening game 
- in fact its first two game -
before rebounding to win the na-
tional title. The men also lost their 
first couple of games last year and 
wound up sixth in the nation at 
season' close. 

In any case, the women lost 
convincingly, 8-0, to Division I 
USD on the road Tuesday. Head 
Coach Liz LaPlante, however, said 
the match was "good experience" 
for the team. 

"[USD] hit harder than us, and 
had theput-aways," LaPlante aid. 

"We'd have good rallies, but then 
they had all the winners." 

The men fared a s imilar fate in 
their season opener at U.S. Inter-
national University last weekend 
falling totheDivision [ school 7-2. 
Last year, the Tritons lost their 
season opener 8- 1 to USIU. 

According to Head Coach Jon 
Hammermeister, two of the Triton 
losses were extremely close. 

"For Ii while there, it looked 
like we were going to win," he 
said. 

The Triton victories came from 
number four Steve Stukovsky and 
the number two doubles team of 
Francois Monnar and Tim Ditzler. 

- Phil Gruen 
DG ,id POlich. conlribul.d 10 Ihis ,.port 

USC Overpowers Men's Swimming; 
Women Compete in Time Trial 

Why not? - Tim Rapp and the Tritons have every reason to 
shout: The team is1 5-4 and moved up to number 14 when the 
NCAA Division III national poll was published Tuesday. The 
ranking is the highest in UCSD men's basketball history. 

Men's Volleyball Passed By 
Loyola Marymount in Opener 
By BRIA ITOW 
Senior STaff WriTer 

The Tritons were unable to pa s 
Iheirfirst real test oflhe eason on 
Tuesday night. falling to 14th-
ranked Loyola Marymount Uni-
versity 7-15.15-13,2-15.5-15. 

" We had trouble consistently 
sidi ng out," UCSD coach Digger 
Graybillsaid. "We got into trouble 
because we had trouble passing off 
ervice receive." 

The Tritons had problems re-
cei v ing serves from the outset, and, 
except for a brief stretch in game 
two, were never able to get un-
tracked. They had problems start-
ing their offense all night, and gave 
up long runs of service points to 
the Lions. 

at one apiece. 
"That game was a better gauge 

of our ability," said Graybill . "If 
we can eliminate the errors we 
commited in this match, then we 
will be able to pressure the other 
teams by remaining consistent. " 

If they can do that, then they 
will be able to compete with some 
of the volleyball eli te that they will 
be facing in the coming weeks. 
Their test will begin at San Diego 
State's Asics Tiger Tournament 
this weekend. 

Currently ranked 20th by the 
Volleyball Coaches Association, 
UCSD (0- 1) will face 12th-ranked 
Long Beach State and George 
Mason in the round-robin formal. 

The Tritons host 10th-ranked 
Cal State Nonhridge on Tuesday. 

By MATIHEW ROCHIOS 
Reporter 

Last weekend the UCSD 
men's and women's swim teams 
both traveled north for separate 
pre-nationals tune-up competi-
tions. 

The men's team lost to a 
world-class Division I USC team, 
72-29, which proved to be a bit 
too much fOrlhe DivisionllI Tri-
ton . 

UCSD Head Coach Bill Mor-
gan explained that the team was 
not expecting to come away with 
a victory, but that swimming 
against the "big guns" offered 
"some good competition for the 
team and allowed them to swim 
their own race," he explained. 

Some standout performances 
for the men were turned in by 
Luke Salerno with a time of 
2:11.02, DerronFredrick's 1:10 
finish in the 100 breaststroke, 
:UJd Pete Smith's 16:27.17 finish 
in the 1650 freestyle_ 

The women swimmers ven-
tured to Pepperdine for a time 
trial with Cal State San Bernar-
dino, USD, and host Pepperdine. 

One of the bigger stories of 
the day was the gusting 50 m.p.h. 

Santa Ana winds. 
"Not a whole lot was accom-

plished on account of the condi-
tions," Morgan said, "but the girls 
really went at it with a good atti-
tude and that meant a 101." 

Morgan felt that the time trial 
was an opportunity for UCSD to 
compete in "off' events, ones 
which it normaUy does not swim. 

Despite the adverse condi-
tions, two members of the 
women's team brought in quali-
fying times for nationals. Erin 
Bakey qualified in the 100 
breaststroke, and Catherine Ca-
priles hit the time standard in the 
200 butterfly, though she will not 
wim that race at nationals. 

UCSD has several Division 
III national leaders in their ranks, 
namely, Dave Sacco in the 1000 
freestyle; Brad Thomas: 500 and 
1650 freestyle; and Shannon 
Smith: 200 Individual Medley. 

Tht: women's leaders are 
Jenna Banaszek: 500 and 1000 
freestyle; CatherineCapriles: 100 
and 200 backstroke and 200 1M; 
and SabtjlJ8 Lum: 100 and 200 
butterfly. The women are also 
leadi ng all Div . rn competition in 
the 400 medley and the 400 and 
the 800 freestyle relays. 

" The match was just a case of us 
making errors on service receive, 
and because of thaI we really 
weren't able to get our offense 
going,"Graybill explained. 

Those few times that they were 
able to, the Tritons were led by 
Nate Brown and John Lim. Brown 
had 13 ki lis and Lim added 12. 

Weekend Intercollegiate Sports Attractions ... 

Graybill discounted the match 
as a first tesllO see where his team 
stands. " It showed that we have to 
be more consistent, that we have to 
play more like we did in game 
two," he said. 

The second game was Ihe only 
time when the team was able to 
combine good ~erve returns and 
setting to set up its attack. In doing 
so, UCSD was able 10 overcome a 
six point defict and even the match 

.»:hat 
Basketball (M) 
Basketball (W) 

Fencing (M& W) 
Swimming (W) 
Tennis (M) 

Track & Field 
Volleyball (M) 

at Point Lorna Nazarene 
at UC Santa Cruz 
at Mills College 
Cal Tech and USC at USC 
USC at USD 
Cal Lutheran (Muir Courts) 
at San Diego State 
at SDSU All-Comers Meet 
ASICS Tiger Tournament at SDSU 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

Du 
Thursday 
Friday 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Fri.-Sun. 

:riIIK 
7:45 p.m. 
7:30 p.m. 
7:30 p.m. 
10:00 a.m. 
12:00 p.m. 
9:00 a.m. 
2:00 p.m. 
TBA 
TBA 

Thursday, February 1,1990 

BEST 
Continued from page 12 
on inferior surfaces. 

To say that a present team is the 
"best ever" is arguably logical , be-
cause players, equipment, money, 
and locations have all improved 
over time. 

How good would Stan Smith 
really have been had all the people 
he was playing against been 
equipped withtoday 's rocket nll.:ket 
technology? Sure, he had to play 
with the same equipment, but 
today's equipment actually makes 
it easier to succeed. Stan Smith 
dominated his age, Ivan Lendl 
dominates his. Who is better? 
Would Jack Nicklaus have been 
able to dominate for so long if he 
played today? In each spon, com-
petition improves and techniques 
change, and there is always some-
one considered "the greate t" until 
the next one comes along. 

Hockey had Gordie Howe, and 
now it has Wayne Gretzky. Bas-
ketball had Wilt Chamberlain, and 
now it has Michael Jordan and 
Magic Johnson. Football had 
Johnny Unitas and Terry Brad-
shaw, and now it's got Joe Mon-
tana. 

So, are the 1989 4gers the besl 
ever? There is no way to tell . What 

FREE 
DRINK RERLLS 

Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

La Jolla Village Center 

.Copler. 
.Laser-Printer. 
Cartridge Recharging 

$20.95 • 
TONERS: S5~lIle 

(Black/Color Toners In Bulk) 
-VideO Casselles: 519 - 599 
( I tow 10 Recharge. Seal. Etc.) 

DrIERS 
·Canonrc. SharpZSO/'70. XeroxlOt2 ..... 
LASER P RI r-n'ERS 
'liP. Apple. C.anon. Ricoh. 10M. Etc. 

TURK Toner Products 
(619) 744-5664 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

(\11 '''lllhl 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North #315 

The UCSD Guardian 

about the 1984 Chicago Bears? 
They supposedly had the best de-
fense in history. 

Each team played in its own 
era, with the rules of that time. 
Every year, teams improve because 
technology improves, and teams 
change because rules change. The 

Steelers of the 70's played when 
defenses got away with a lot more. 
How would Jerry Rice react to a 
20-yard chuck? His patented moves 
wou ldn 't do very much for him if 
he was on his behind. 

Let it stand that the 4gers are the 
best for 1989, the best for now. 

In the Bleachers by Steve Moore 

Purple Haze 

Coming Soon. 

Communicate In Color 
Now At IGnko's 

Canon Color Laser Copies! 
• Presentations • Transparencies 
• Displays • Sales Flyers 
• Charts/Graphs • Even Copy From Slides! 

kinko·s 
the copy center 
457-3775 

La jolla Village Center 

r-------------------~ 99 C Color Copies I I 
I Bring Ihl'li coupon Into a p.lrtlclp.ihng KIO"' o '~ CUP) C~ntcr ,101.1 rCCCI\C lip to the I 

8'/'" x II " co l", cople, for onl) 99q each 01 v.lld I'I,h an) other .,1 fer Olle ,'"upon I I per Cu"om« Good .hrnugh 2J 15/'KJ L ___________________ ~ 

SPORTS 13 

- Mannisto d. Haas 6-2. 6-0 TRITON 
Scores & Stats 

. Mullally d. Whalell 6-1, 6-1 . 
Doubles 

- (# I malch rained oul) 
- Mannislo/Drage d. Whalen/lnaba 

6-0.6-2 Men's Tennis 
USIU7 UCSD2 

Singles 

- Lauer/Mullaly d. Diets/Lynch 
6-1.6- 1 

UCSD winner: SlUkovsky (#4) 
Doubles 

- UCSD winners : Monnar/Dilzler 
(/t2) 

Men's Volleyball 
Loyola M~ymount 
d. UCSD 

(Individual scores unavailable) 15-7,13-15, 15-2, 15-5 

Women's Tennis 
USD8 UCSDO Intercollegiate 

Singles RECORDS & RANKINGS 
- Bray,on d. Behrens 6-1. 7-5 
- Fuller d. InaOO 6-0, 6-0 ~L I': 
- Kacharoen d. Lynch 6-2. 6- t 
- Lauer d. Carney 6-0. 6-2 

Xtramural Records 

......... ' 114) 
Lac:I'OSM ' W) 
Ru; by 

ll: !. I 
J 0 0 
o 0 
o 0 

Basketball eM) 
Basketball (W) 
Fencing (M) 
Fencing (W) 
Tennis (M) 
Tennis (W) 
Volleyball (M ) 

IS 4 0 
9 7 0 
9 3 0 
7 5 0 
0 I 0 
0 1 0 
0 I 0 

UCSD Xtrarnural Club Sports, .. 
What 
Lacrosse (W) 
Rugby 

ailing 
urling 

WhQ 
WHITTIER (Pryatel) 
USD (Warren) 
Southern Series I & 2 at SDSU 
at Torrey Pines 

Ql!Y ~ 
Sat. 1:00 p.m. 
Sat. 1:00 p.m. 
SaL/Sun. TBA 
SaL/SUIl. TBA 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CA PS 

Balloons • Jewelry • 

14th 
........ 

..... 

.... -

5th 
1st 
20th 

IVIi~ifts • Frames • T-Shirts 
Costa Verde Center 

8650 Genessee #216 • 450-9291 

--------------------

I UNTIL FEBRUARY 1 20 0/-0 I I ALL UCSD STUDENTS 7C I 
I STAFF & FACULTY GET 0" I L ________________ ~ ___ ~ 

UCSD FITNESS 
SPECIAL 

AND ONLY $20 PI. MONTH 
on a monthly basis 

STAIRMASTER 
UFE CYCLES 
CHILD CARE 

AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS-HOlST 

FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 3 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

BEING·FIT ® 
3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

Clairemont Square Shopping Center neor Lee Ward.·Sehind Famou. Footwear 

483·9294 
AI.., in SDSU oreo 698-t702. Presenl thi. ad and 1.0. 



" 

FLOOR HOCKEY 
(thru 1129 - courtesy of BudWoman) 

Women's AA 
1, Bust a Move 
2, Cons, Unpredictable 
3, Boobs Out 
4, The Czech Navy 

Women's A 
1. We Know the Positions 
2, Biohazards 
3, Daring DeTllszens 
4 Stick 'Em Up 
5, Puck You 

Men's AAA 
1 Floor Without 
2. Moke's Ben-.t 
3, Dozen Slicks 
4, Forever Old 

(2-0) 
(2-0) 
(0-0-1) 
(O-H) 

Supershot Finalists 
Advance 

Rick Lau may yet Win thiS thing again, 
but If he does, it witt be with the help of 
Divine Intervention, In the waning sec-
onds of his final one-minute trial on Satur-
day, Lau was mne points shy of the 40 
needed to reach the fmals, With this In 
mind he dribbled out to the 1 o-point mark, 
a point from which it is hard to see the 
baskel on a hazy day, and buned a shot 
wllh no time remaining, 

The answered prayer gave Lau 41 
points-good enough for lhe fourth spot in 
the finals ne~1 Monday night which witt be 
held dunng halftime of the UCSD mens's 
basketbatt game against Dominican. He 
witt have to compete, though, against Dan 
Mulville, Terrance Tubbs, and Ron 
McGrath-att of whom outscored Lau In 
their one-mIOute tnals, 

Mulvitte lead all compelitors with 44 II 
2 points lofting In five 7-polnt rainbows In 
the process, Tubbs and McGrath scored 
43112 and 42 respectIVely, bucketing into 
the finals also by way of the long range 
shot. 

UCSD basketbatt star Tim Rapp witt be 
staying in the locker room tor halftime of 
the Dominican game, however. His three 
points was not quite enough to get him into 
the finals , although he led att competitors 
in rebounds_ 

Men'. All 
1. Slap it in (3-0) 
2, BadNad (2-0) 
3, Fred Roger's Neighbors (1-0) 
4, Revenge of the Buttlid (IO(}I) 
5, Puck Fuck Rise (2-0) 
6, Anthony Hates Us! (1-1) 

Men's A 
1, Boog Knows Beer (3-0) 
2, No Name 2-0) 
3, Puck Netters (2-0) 
4 The Bad Scorin Prod (2-0-1 ) 
5, Men on Top (aka MOT's)( l-o-l) 
6, Bio Haz-Beens (1 -0-1) 
7, Canbou Noodles p-o-I ) 
e, Slap That Bitch (1-0-1) 
g, DISCO NOids (1-0-1 ) 
10.Love Make You Real (1 -f -1 ) 

One-Pltch Softball 
News 

It'soHiciall Even though your 1M sched-
ule says that your season is over. it's 
reatty NOTI No NOT at all! We stitt have 
games to play, Plenty of them. 
So as my good friends Bo and Michael J. 
say, 'Let's just do it! 

OK! Here's the skinny , Att rained out 
One-Pitch Softball games trom the week-
end of Jan, 13-14 have been rescheduled 
for this coming weekend, Feb, 3-4_ Same 
time, same place as originally scheduled, 
All games witt be at the MUir Relds, Att 
game times will be e~actly at the same 
times that you've been playing att seasc~ , 

Those of you Ihat got bumped because 
ot the Super Bowl (Sunday afternoon 
teams (2pm-6pm) Will make those games 
up on Saturday, Feb, 10 atthe same time 
and same place that those games usually 
are, 20'ciocks play at 2 o'clock, 3 o'clock 
play at 3 o'clock, etc. 

1M ONE-PITCH Play-offs start Sun-
day, Feb, II so stayed luned Inlo the 1M 
Office for when and where you are play-
Ing, Remember, you need to win at least 
one game on the field (how tough is Ihat) 
to qualify for the play-ofts, 

Forteit wins do not count. 
So 1here il is! The fatest. JUST DO ITf 

Doubles Tennis Champs Crowned 
The Superdome may have been devolcl of ... ythIn& rnembl1nc 

competition talt ~end, but the a_ clllllOt be IIIId about 
our own Muir tennis courts where the AJI.C_ ..... Temil Double. 
Championships _re decided in a .. riel of doCftIhtI-

On Centre Court (.3) John Moon (Revelle) and Ernie Uu (Muir) 
. troked their way to a 6-3, 4-6, 6-3 victory over Clete Otolhl and 
Son Nc uren to capture the Men'. Open title, Moon and Uu, 
c_icler t'-el_ "encfMerJnc nena" and plan to celebrate 
by atayin& up all niCht "just for the fun of it." 

The Men'. Intermediate dlvlalon produced ... equally IXCItln& 
cMmp60llehip on Court 1 willi Derek 0._ ..... Randy KleiCer 
comInI any with a 6-4, 7-6 triumptl over Steve Stanlnler and 
Ron Crise. DeIIun and KlelCer UMCIIoIIa lflii fIneMe", to tire 
out their oIdw 1,,0I11f1t1 and fnlatrate them to no and, V .. , It 
w .. aImoet p.tnInIziIIC. 

The W_'. dMIIon w .. dec:Ided in clalelc: Super Bowl 
Sunday fashIoI ....... .,. contest. Rlnpfl J_t Whalen lflii Robyn 
Inaba (ranked 1.2UI1n DIvIaIon III) rolled over Amanda lynch and 
caI1a Nicolai in INItchinC &-1, &-1, &-1 set •. 

T he UCSD G uardian Thursd<lY, February 1, 1990 , 

1M Hoops - Mid-Year Report 
When you want to talk about hot·spots 

throughout the ClUItry lor basketball fevl!\', 
there are nol many ahClOnados who W1It men-
bon San Diego. Here in San Diego everyone 
wants to hit the beach, Bar-B-Que, and party, 
Not hang out in gyms waiting for a ballgame, 
right? 

And at UCSD, all anyone evl!\' has lime for 
IS st"dies, right? So Mlal could all thiS nOise 
be. comlrlg ~om the gym at 1:00pm on a 
beauliful Sunaay ahernooo, or 12:3Oam early 
on a Thursday morning? HOOPS! A closer 
look at the basketbal scene reveals a much 
dilfl!\'ent picture than Mlat someone in Iowa 
might paint. 

This campus does have basketball fever. 
Pick-up games keep every availallle coun in-
doors and outdoors busy most of the day. Every 
spot in every Intramural league is filled (f68 
teams. with 20 more on the waiting list begging 
to get In). The Triton Men's Basketball te<Wn is 
15-4 and larger crowds are ooming out to every 
baJlgame as they mal<e a run at the NCAA Play-
offs Yes. Mr. Nlismith, basketball is alive and 
wetl at UCSD, 

But let's not digress. We're here to focus on 
hoops,lntlarrural styfe, To date, this has been 
one ot the most oompetl1ive seasons III recent 
memory, WeY6 already had t6 games that 
were forced into ovenme, At that pace the old 
1M record of 37 " one season might be In 
leopardy, 

The three-point shot IS effecting almost every 
aspect of the game 20·1001 bombs are w",mng 
baJlgames at the buzzer, and getling teams 
back Into a game "' a hurry 

Most teams in the fall haye re-Iocused then 
recrulbng stralegy <May from the big·man and 
towards the zone-bus;,ng outside gunner. No 
lead is sale MIen the other squad has a long 
range speClahst on the roster. Let's face It, the 
gameisalotdifferentthanitusedtobe, Andy'a11 
are starlin' to figure n out. 

Hefe a qulOOe Ireak down on each diviSIon 
and look at play to date, 

MEN'S AAA 
At the highest level there are two leagues, but 

oourtside obselVers are saying that there really 
may be only one, The Orangemen League is 
loaded with talent, IOctudong the defending 
champs, POTPOURRI, and 1968 champs and 
perennial powerhouse. THE HERD, 

The Running Rebels League has not gruned 
much respect yet. but the matchups of the 
leagues' top squads has not taken place ooe to 
scheduling conllicts, 

At thIS point in the season the number one 
ranklflg in AM has to go to the POTPOURRI. 
The Po' Boys are diSplaying giant huevos in 
their march to repeat. Their 3-0 record makes 
them the only undefeated team in the Orange-
men League, Bot two of those Ws took OVI!\'-
ume to create, and one win came as the buzzl!\' 
sounded when a 25-1001 prayer found pay-dirt, 

PUBLIC ENEMY IS only a couple 01 IrICked 
free-throws away from being undefeated, but 
they will get a chance to avenge that loss on 
Feb,21. lIGHTITUP.andDINNER IS SERVED 
are both undelealed. but havent really played 
anyone yet 

A key Rebels League matchup this Sunday 
will gIVe LIGHT IT UP a Chance 10 prove them-
se/Yes asthey square-off aga,"st POINT GAME, 
REX 'N EFFECT, THE HERDand SYMPATHY 
4 WHITES may all play an Imponant role before 
all the dust settles, 

MEN'S AA 
With only a handful of exceptions, action in 

thiS dovislon has been upscale, 

The style of play made 
popular byOkJahoma and 
Loyola Marymount has 
loundahomeatthislevef. 
Most of the top teams are 
ayeraging weU over 70 
points per out"'9 which is 
well above the 11.4 aver-
age.andtough loaccom-
pIish considering a run-
ning dock is used in 1M 
play, The patient slow· 
down game plan isn't 
going to work in the fast 
paced world of AA, 

The lions League I"'es lwo of the top 
squads In this division. SMEll MY FIST will 
meet SMOOVE MOVE on the last date 01 the 
schedufe (March 1) 10 dIcidI the league crown, 
Both haole piled up i~ numbers rolling 
over opponents thus fat, 

The Ducks League feliKes two sti¥1douts 
who wil meet on Htb, 8, Thilleague though IS 
somrtIlllQ of a throw-bacil as scoring averages 
have fallen in favor 01 a a>r*oIed type 01 game. 
TEAM CONCEPT and TEAM GUT Wli no doubt 
be around come playoff time though, wrth the. 
slowed offenses and hi!;! percentage attacks, 

A Bruin League showdown between SU-
PERWHALES and KING JOHN & HIS COURT 
won1 take place until Feb, 15. but both squads 
should haYe little trouble with the rest of this 
league and remain undeleated until the Irg 
game. 

Mer wm"ng Ihe 5'10' diVISIOn last season, 
LEGION OF DOOM made some personnel 
changes and has moved into AA With most 
successful results. Games on Feb. t2 and 19 
against WET INNER PHIS and GORILLA BIS-
CUfTS should be the true test for thiS upwardly 
mobile crew, 

Terrance Tubbs' SKUNKS, MAGGOTS NO 
DAIRY COW squad isa veteran group who play 
Wefl1oge1her and are ooming oN a successlullall 
3-on-3 campaign, 11 would be no surprise to see 
this team in at leaslthe final four. 

The style 01 play is up-Iempo in this AA 
division which opens the door for the long-shot 
club to have a big impact. You can count on seY-
eral squads not menticned to step out and 
bealme major role-players as lhe season pro-
gresses, 

MEN'S A 
Like a race-track vell!\'an Charting a $1.200 

claiming race,lhis division looks just as h did last 
year, and the year before, and the year before, 

You have your san<I>ag squad who appears 
to haYe too much talent to be COl1ll8ting at this 
level, and should WiO woe-te-wire. But nevI!\' 
does, 

You have squads that resemble the out-to-
pasture nags who are fUst IooI\ing for some way 
to get one more lap from those old tired legs. 
And. they never do. 

And you have the Iresh new laces for whom 
thiS is their lirst run on an 1M roule, They usually 
pull up rank. 

Finally, the grizzled tote-board gazing know-
n-ail tosses the form in the IrdSh, and gels out 
the dlO9, 'Cause thats about the best way to 
chart horses or teams at this level. It's a giant 
crap-shoot. 

The nod al this point goes 10 teams who have 
some track record like EARLY AM STIFFIES 
and VANILLA THUNDER. These two squads 
should light up the scoreboard when Ihey meet 
on Feb t2, for the Cougars League champion-
ship, 

SYNTHETIC TOOLS probably doesn1 be-
long in thiS division, bul then 50% of these 
teams lafl into that category Natural or man-
made. this leam has aft lhe tools necessary 10 
COfIll8te for the tdle, but something will keep 
them from the winners circle. 

This Sunday SMOOTHASMILK andKATY'S 
KIDS Will test each other to see who can go the 
distance in a key Crusaders league malch-up, 

A host 01 other squads are undeleated and 
poised to make a move, but as we head down 
the backstretch,this division looks Hke a cavalry 
charge in a John Wayne film, Someone in the 
next couple 01 weeks wi! need to venture ;rwilf 
Irom the rail and rnaI<e a moye to put ther'nsefYes 
out front and make everyone else pick up the 
chase. • 

MEN'S 5'10" .. UNDER 
Fo ... teams In this division have distanced 

themselves from the rest 01 the field and should 
find their way to seml-finaf births. 

T onight·s Be8Yers League game betM«I 
DUNKIN DOCS and MIGHTY MUNCHKINS 
could be a chan1pionship preview, Both squads 
are undeleated thus far and have fine-tuned 
their syslems lor tonights contest. 

TERIYAKI UP THE YING YANG dofeated 
COME, SHOOT & DRIBBLE by one in a Gulls 
League contest that could have gone either 
way. These two could ea51~ find themselves 
hooking up once again in playolf action, 

WOMEN'S 
Banng a majOr upset, we should see a repeat 

of last years unbelievable chamflionshlP oon-
test. Both PUMPHOUSE GANG and VB IS 
JUST A HOBBY 111 have returned With the top 
teams, They should have no problem dISpatch-
ing of their league schedules and getting down 
to business on chamfllonshljl Sunday, 

If either squad should faHI!\' look for KAPPA 
KEYKRASHERSor~bly7POINTGUARDS 
10 pick up the slack. The:we top squads have 
100 much talent though and shoufd provide 
another great linafe. 

COED 
Ex~ Iorthe Hus.WJes League, lack of sched-

ufing continuity has made hdifficullio geta poise 
on this division, Many teams haYe only played 
one game SO fil' this season. Hofidays, the 
Super Bowl, arid reschedules have kept some 
teams from seeing much coun time, 

But all that wiI change quicf<fy as the 1M Staff 
scrambles to find bme to make-up ~ con-
tests, To date, several 01 las! years slandoulS 
look to be contenders again, 

CHUNKEYMONKEYismostoftheteamthal 
was runner-up lasl year, bul has made adiusl-
ments to shore up thelf shortcomings, MATER-
NITY WARD may have the best group of gals. 
butthelf guys leave a lot to be desired and It will 
be tough lor the ladles to carry them to the tiUe 
inAA 

The delending champs ON A ROLL have a 
balanced attack, but hayen't really played wefl 
yet. If Linda Ross & Co, can become the well 
oiled machine that brought homethe blue nbbon 
last year they ITVght be thl!\'e on dl3mp<Onsh<p 
Sunday again, WORST NIGHTMARE, WE'RE 
BAAAACK!', SOMETHING U CANNOT BUY, 
SUPER WHALES and JORDAN'S HEIRS all 
show potential on paper, but need to play more 
games before the jury can relum a verdict on 
them, 

To mal<e for a more equHabie playoff situ-
a~on, this division will be divided in two with the 
top teams advancing into a AA playoff, and the 
next levef of teams compeling lor the A crown, 

Superstars Starts Today! 
With a new decade in front of us, and a new group of motivated student-athletes lining up to show their stuff, the 

UCSD Superstars All-Sports Competition continues its on-going show this ahernoon with the official start of it 15-
year old competition, 

Today's SO-yard Dash event at UCSD's new all-weather track, marks the first official event on that surface, and 
will kick-off the always compet~ive batlle among UCSD students to prove all-around athletic superiority, 

Competition starts today at 3:30pm and will move through the weekend with evenls in basketball , sohball, track 
and field , swimming, football , tennis, volleyball, and bowling. Individual and team entries are still being accepted 
right up until game time. 

For more information, pick up a 
Superstars Info Packet and Record-
book at Canyonview prior to the 
competition today. 

The Bud Page is a paid adverosing leature 
lor Coast Orsfflburlflg Company. 

arts entertainment 

FEBRUARY 1, 1 990 

illustration by Jeff Quan 

Gala event reintroduces the charm of 1920's silent fIlms. 

Story by Audrey Lyn Winterer- page 4 

Inside thiS week's Issue 

Concerts: 
Review of Browning's performance with 
the San Diego Symphony. 

Movies: 
'Driving Miss Daisy' mainta ins 
integrity between race and doss, 



Over-21 
1 

Party 
Games 

Beer Golf: Boot Factor 3 
ome people play golf ober. Really. We don't. Ever. Neither 

should you . 
Beer Golf differs from sober golf in o ne respect: Iinksters may 

deduct one stroke for every beer they manage to consume during a 
round (a round usually con-ists of only nine holes-even Jack and 
Arnie have p~oblems with eighteen). 

Mo t beer golfer; Jown about a frostle per hole and then chug 
several on thc final f.lirway. Those choosinl! a more ambitious pace 
discover the PrinCiple ofDimimshll1g Returns. M~II1Y ;.ilso Jlscover 
the meaning of octuple bogey. 

Beer Golf I usually played 111 the form of a fratcrnlty or club 
outing, which bnngs to light some of the sport's di advantages. 
Fir' t, participants must actually plan ahead, a concept completely 
alten to m st beer game Ideo logy. e ond, Beer Golf can rarely be 
playeJ twict! at the same course-with the management's per'll isslDn, 
that IS. It eems that green keepers are nor partial to golf carts unk 
in water ha.ards, 9-irons used as putter, or fairways littered with 
empties. 

Party afe,. Don't Drink and Drive 
The Guardian does not condone the consumption 01 alcohol by minors. 

Rep"nI~d with penn""It>O fmm Th~ Comple.e Book of Beer Drinl.mg Games b\ 
Ben Rand. AnJy Gmcom amI, cot! Joh"'ton Copynght 19 9. Avallahle at InGl1 
N:>c,btme, <If (rom Mustang rubh,hmg. PO Box 9327. en Haven, CT 06533 
( 5.95 rlu, :)l.50 "ostage). 

Mira Mesa Eelwarels Theaters 
566-1917 

Heart Condition Tango & Cash 
tella Born on the Fourth of July 

University Towne Centre 
452-7766 

Glory Driving Miss Dai y 
Alway Born on the Fourth of July 

Flashback Tango & Cash 

La Jolla Village Theaters 
453-7831 

War of the Roses tella 
Internal Affairs Music Box 

Ken Cinema-283-5909 
2/1 Glona/Love Sue.lIm 

111 l-vhlluy Python anJ the Holy Gr,lIl{Tne Meal1lng of Life 
2/4-2/7 Dan~erou, liasolh 1l)60 

Every Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 
Rocky Horror Picture Show 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(PrC!c cUluu/talion arid tnitlallrea /ment 15 mi" 120 lJoluc Firsl-tlnw clicml5 only) ' 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• Amencan Medical Ao:.ocimion 
3 pproved method, for problem 
cases and .ensllive skm 

• Medical and co,mel,e ,,"::ctruly,i, 
for men and women 

Eyebrows 
Upper Lip 
Chin 

• F"male staff, ,talC he leclm'oans BreASI 

Alexander's Electrolysis 
LaJoUa ViUage Professional Center 
Behflld Elepballl Bar 
8950 Villa Lajof/a Dr. Ste. 2121 
558-0888 -IR ' \,p , • . J 

~ 

Slomac/1 

Fingt: .. 
Legs 
Toes 

. . 

'Thrilling' Michael Jackson Portrait Sold 
for 'Off the Wall' $2.1Million 

R ocksrar Michael J ac kson, A us-
rralian ar'!st Bre rr -Livingston 

trong, and PAX president Hi-
romlchi Saeki were all present at 
the unveiling of Jackson's portrait 
entitled 
"The &ok" 
at a recent 
press confer-
ence in Bev-
erly Hills. 

a e k i 
bought the 
portrait for 
$2.1 million, 
making the 
work the 
mo t expen-
sivecontem-
rorary por-
trait of a liv-
ing person . 

By Jennifer Yancey 
Hiatus Editorial Assistant 

a book . Placed in a modern set-
ting, he is seated beside a vase of 
flowers , which Strong said "rep-
re entedJackson's imerest in na-
ture ." A statue of Peter Pan, seen 

with Michael Jackson, the unveil-
ing seemed more like a three-ring 
ci rcus than a press conference. Re-
porters were repeatedly shouting 
jackson 's name for the approxi-

mate two min-
utes he was on 
tage, while 

p h otogra-
phers' flashes 
were continu-
a lly recycling. 

The·W" x 
50" portrait 
IS Strong's 
attempt to 

Strong sa id 
he c hose 
Jackson as a 
contemporary 
Ren a i sance 
figure because 
of the diver ity 
of hiS talents. 
" I admire his 
SlOging and 
danCing," 
Strang said. 

Strong's 
Patricia Jelliel Guardian 

Two Renaissance men meet: (I-r) Michael Jackson and Brett-
Livingston Strong. artIstic mo-

tives were questionable. C laiming 
that he o riginally did not want to 
part with the portrait, he changed 
his mind when the PAX Copora-
tion accepted his price tag of$2.) 
million . "The amount had to in-
clude the blood and sweat that I 

depict Jackson as a "contemporary 
Renaissance man ." Strong claimed 
"Dackson) is the best example of 
such a figure in the contemporary 
world." 

Setagainst a background of swi rl-
mg pastel colors, Jackson, in Ren-
aissance era dress, is posed holding 

through classical columns, refers 
to Jackson's interest in the Disney 
character. In the portrait's upper 
left hand corner,Jack on, dressed 
in contemporary fashion, is being 
painted by Strong, who is in 15 th 
century dress. 

Like most events associated 
see JACKSON, page 3 

Hiatus Staff Box 
Hiatus Editor Senior Staff Writers Contributing Writers 
Patricia Jettie Christina Huizar Caroline Altmar! 

Nancy Muntner Ramine Bahrambegi 
Associate Hiatus Editor Audrey Lyn Winterer Wende Bischoff 

Helena Leng Loh Staff Writers James Darlow 
Laura Baker Mike Berta Pierre de Gaillande 

Music Editor Walter R. Bitts Scott Casmer Joceliza Gonzaga 
Bryan Oias Eric Gustafsen Melinda Hamilton Kevin Hultquist 

Josh Odintz Marie Pasternak James E. Ingman , 
Editorial Assistants Michael Schwartz Jean Suzuki Michael Newton 

Lara Heisler Jennifer Yancey 
Hiatus I~ a weekly supplement to the UCSD Guardian. Free-lance material i accepted with prior 

editorial approva l. 

3 DAYS ONLY! 

Fashion Clothing Factory Outlet Sale 
80% of all items under $15 

50% to 90% Off Retail 
Tops, Pants, Shorts, Sweats 
Sweaters, Jackets, Dresses 

Shoes, Accessories 
Men's· Women's · Children's 

Many More Famous Exclusives 

Also including exclusive apparel from 
Lord & Taylor Department Stores 

2 HIATUS FEBRLJARY 1 1 ~?G 

• 

,J m u sic 
Pianist Browning Plays 

With SD Symphony 

The high pointofthe 
ymphony concert Th 

25 was Samuel Barber's 
CeTW performed by Joh 
ing, the pianist who 
work in 1962. 

I was enamored of 
a teenager, playing the 
Browning Columbia 
peatedly. 

Thursday night I 
the work with the . 

too many new music 
his own emotional 
was tru lysurpriscJ rod ' 
not hearing the work in 

By Christian Hertzog 
Contributing Writer 

years, Just how beautl~ulil._": 
erful a piece of music it 

Th is was not a 

composer who chose 
the compositional 
time; his allegiance 
century Romanticism 
by many of his 
"old-fa hioned" or 
Such terms are used by 
disparaging manner, 

ng in an intervie\ 
opening night. 

After gaining a sense of 
musical personalit'" 

Barber began composing the piece. 
Browningconfided that two weeks 
before the premiere (which took 
place at the dedication of the 
Linco ln Center in w York), 
Barber had not even begun to write 

the hbt muvement. Anyone famdi<lr with Ihe S:d l 
recording of the Cuncerto wlluld 
have been surpmeJ [0 hear how 
much les> rap idly Browning ami 
the San Diego Symphony took the 
third movement. 

Jackson The la,t movement was WrIt -
ten amI ufC_hestrateu m one week, 
with Bro\~ning receivmg roughly 
three pages of material a day to 
learn. 

continued from page 2 

poured into this artistic endeavor," 
Strong sighed. Barber's Piano ConcertO was 

subsequently awarded the Pulitzer 
Prize for composition. It was 
Barber's second Pulitzer. 

Szell insisted on performing the 
last movement quickly; the tempo 
heard Thursday night is apparently 
the one Browning prefe rs. This 
slower tempo works perfec tly wetl; 
the frenzied quality of Szell's per-
formance is traded off for a more 

Strange how the number of 
dollar signs have escalated from 
Strong's past works, which include 
such influential pieces as fleet-
wood Mac' album cover "Tango 
in the Night" ~d a) 984 Olympic 
Games poster. Although the popu-
larity of trang's art has mcreased 
in the past few years, the mo t ex-
pensive sale price has fallen under 
$200,000. 

John Browning has performed 
the Barber Piano ConcertO "some-
where between fo ur and five 

cally crene, 
those gorgeous 
that 3JIII~!!Iii 

like maniacal obses-

Irrl~",: rr~ played excel-
three movements, their 

ce bell1g a II the more 
in lightofthe facrr hat, 

to Browning, they spent 
one and a ha lf hours 

's conducting was 
solid baton technique 
:~l'"""' lligenr mUSicality as he 
~leiild_tchestra through Ro:,;im':, 

t o Se mlTamide, 
ScaT-Isle, anJ 

'U". La Mer . 
I, the orchestra re-

keenly to Akiyama's di-
though the wmds were 

in Scar-Isle, and some 
Id.aIlLt-' were off m the 
lov('menr ofLaMer . Let's 

Hall sec more 
perceptive mU>l-

and thoughtful program-
near future. 

The obvious intent of the PAX 
Corporat ion in buying th is por-
trait was the amount of publicity 
the company wo uld receive from 
the purchase. When asked why 
the portra it was not exchanged 
privately, Saeki said that "we're 
nor doing [tim) for the publiCity." 

When asked about the exorbi-
tant price of the art work, Saeki re-
plied, "Michael Jack on is worth 
more than $2.1 million." 

When leaving the conierence, 
a Los Angeles Times ph tographer 
was overheard JesponJantly mut-
tering about the better u,es for 
$2.1 million in some of the worlJ' 
underdeveloped countries. "That 
money could feed so many starv-
109 people, instead of hanging on 
a wall collecting dust." he said. 

Hiatus editor Patricia 
Jettie contributed to this 
article. 

........................ 

: UeSD SPECIAL! fA 
• <~ •• a warm, party • 

atmosphere ... for ./? • 
serious f!~~:t:'~!:!l ~~" / p$ ! . 

N..,'" restaurant critic ··---:'_It./~~f)· / • 
M-Jh lIom·Mid. ~I fli?"7fl? ~ • 

As usual 
.... LUlPYS 

NUn." 
ro"OU·~ 

::'~i i/;;::~·~ Tired oj the same 0/ ' cardboard pizza? • L----- Call BJlsjor gounnet quality. • 
• r------------r----------fl • 

: : $I~~!~ : $2!~"!: : 
I I l1LytSe jJ1l!Setrl cotlpmJ wbetl on/crl"B I 1.1/t>a$(! pn..~t cuupon wber, o rt./t.;·,ulg. I I 
• L _ ~]'S Pizzeria, Ui]oUa ___ L __ 8]'S Pizzeria, La]oUa __ --.J • 

• • • 8873 villa La JoUa Dr. f..ajo/la Vii/age Cel/ ler 455.0662 • 
• UC D's original Piz=eria Is stillibe /JeSI/ • 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Looking for love? 
Stop hanging out in all the wrong places ... you may find 
someone through The Guardian Valentine Personals. 
These classified ads will appear in our Feb. 12 issue. The 
deadline is Thursday, Feb. 8 at 3 p.m. 

They're just a measly buck! If you're too lazy to come by 
our office, look for some Guardian staffers out on Revelle 
Plaza next week taking orders. 

The Guardian 
Valentine Personals 

Feb. 12 



}bur Decision. }bur Choice. 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Lmv 0 t arl 

Pregnan . Te t 
• Imm diate 

Test Re ults 
• Pregnancy 

Termination 
• eneral or L( al 

Ane th , ia 
• Affordable 

Birth ontrol 
• ~ tud nt Di. ount 

V,e College Line 
535-1379 

c;r.t ./ . lM.iI.i.I 0 mOlce 
FOI1l/~1f PIOIIIII"g 

As. ocio !fS 
Medicnl GrollI' 

TRAVEL 
STUDY 
ABROAD 
th is summer, student rates 

AU TRIA, COSTA RICA, EGYPT, ENGLAND, 
FRANCE, RU SIA, SPAIN, SWITZERLAND 

Great low-co t student prices for 3 to 5 week study prograJJl8. 
Language , art, mu ie, hi tory, biology, geology, fashion . 
(Fashion field tudy wiD include London, Paris, Florence , 
Lucerne and Rome). Participants must enroll in at least one 
cou r se. Credi t through an Diego Me a College. 

Trip Info Meetings at Mesa: Fashion, Feb. 6,6 pm, Rm. B103; 
pain, Feb. 16, 7 pm, Rm HU8; witzerland , 7 pm, Feb. 23, 

C203 ; Costa Rica, 7 pm, Feb . 28, Mar. 26, Apr. 16, Rm 11117; 
Pari , 7 pm, Mar. 2, Rm III 17. 

~~ 
7250 Mesa College Drive, San Diego CA 
Mesa Abroad Program 

560-2791 
for free 
brochure 

An all-new laser show set to the timeless 
music of Pink Floyd 

Featuring the entire 
"Dark Side ot the 
Moon" album. 

REUBEN H. FLEET 

Optn ntnlnp, tao! THEATER AND SCIENCE CENTER 

For 
show times 

eal! 231·11&1 
hillOi Part 

1926 Film Still a Gala Event 

4 HIATUS FEBRUARY 1 f 1990 

By Audrey Lyn Winterer 
Senior Staff Writer 

Mimi is elated. The word-card that 
immediately follows, however, 
reads "At last, Mimi has found 
someone to devote her life to ... she 
has found a reason to live." Yes, 
those were different times. 

In 1926, tuberculosis was a 
common disease. Gish was willing 
to test her own physicallimiu in 
her attempt to portray someone 
afflicted with this disease. She 
achieved startling realism for the 
final death scene by drinking no 
liqUids for three days and remov-
ing all saliva from her mouth with 
cotton pads. Gish became SO weak 
and gaunt that the director or-
dered his cameraman to film it 
without him-he couldn't watch. 

Miss Gish received much ac-
claim for her artistry, putting a 
smile on the MGM lion's face. 
The studio had just signed her for 
a contract that was unpantlleled in 
its day-six fill1\.'i in two years for a 
total of one million dollars. In 
addition to her salary, Gish was 
allowed complete artistic control, 
an arrangement almost wholly 
unheard of today. 

While she was able to star in a 
feature of her choice and employ 
the director of her choice (King 
Vidor), Gish was unable to use the 
original opera score to accompany 
the presentation. At the time of 
the film's release, the publishing 
firm ofRicordi held the copyright 
to Puccini's music and would not 
release it. David Mendoza and 
others oomposed an original SCOTe 
which was used instead. The Puc-
cini score has since entered the 

public domain, and we were 
treated to an adaptation of it as 
we viewed the film. 

Belated and well-deserved 
credit must be given to conduc-
tor Carl Daehler and organist 
Dennis James for the impec-
cable treatment of Puccini's 
score. . 

Daehler is the principle 
conductor with Dennis James' 
Silent Film Concerts organiza-
tion. He ha conducted silent 
films in that capacity nation-
wide. He has also edited, ar-
ranged, and/or compiled scores 
for more than ten of the silent 
film classics now toured by the 
production company. 

Dennis James is a man dedi~ 
cated to the theater pipe organ 
and its place in theatrical pro-
ductions. He has played a piv-
otal role in the international 
revival of silent films with live 
music. Highly praised, he has 
toured both the U.S. and Eu-
rope and, since 1981, has been 
actively performing with major 
symphony orchestras in "pops" 
concert series. 

The next Nickelodeon pro-
duction, set for Feb. 17, will 
pair the ilent film classic of 
"Don Juan," starring John Bar~ 
rymore, with another classic-
the San Diego Symphony. Plan 
ahead to treat yourself and a 
Valentine to an interesting and 
fun even ing. 

For more information, call 
the San Diego Symphony at 
699-4200. 


