
Inside ... OPINION FEATURES SPORTS 
.OPINION ........... .4 
• FEATURES ......... 8 
• SPORTS .......... . 20 

Considering The 
RIMAe Results 4 

The Writing Is 
On The Walls 8 

Men~Hoop 
Falls To Menlo 20 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 69, #12 MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12,1990 

RIMAe Referendum Passes 

••••••• - ~ 
l 

.. ·· oJ·,· 
.-
Jobn Ourant/Guardian 

Molly Powell and Patty Sipes performed in playwright 
Karen Ulrich's "The Pink Toilet" last weekend on campus. 

By ANTON BITINER 
News Editor 

RIMAC, the proposed Recrea-
tional/lntramural Athletic and 
Events Center, was passed with 
51.3 percent student approval in 
the Feb. 6-8 special referendum. 

The total voter tumout for the 
three day election was 3,531 stu-
dents- approximately 21.4 per-
cent of the student body- with 
1,811 students voting for the pro-
posed event center and 1,720 vot-
ing against it. According to elec-
tion regUlations, 50 percent plus 
one affinnative votes were needed 
for the referendum to pass. 

Elections Coordinator Randy 
Woodard and RlMAC co-chair 
Tom Tucker were impressed with 
the voter turnout for the election. 

"I was happy to see the solid 
turnout," Woodard said. 

"It's a classic textbookexarnple 
of student decision-making," 
Tucker added. 

Tucker also remarked that a 
large number of student surveys 

Civil Rights Attorney To Speak 
By CHRIS STEINS 
Staff Writer 

Civil Rights Lawyer Joseph 
Rauh, Jr., noted for his many cases 
argued before the Supreme Court, 
will be presenting a two-part R~­
gents Lecture on the Supreme Court 
this week at UCSD. 

The presentation will focus on 
the Supreme Court from President 
Franklin Roosevelt to the present, 
and will be held in the Price Center 
Theater on Tuesday and Thursday, 
Feb.13 and 15, at 8 p.m. Admis-
sion is free. Rauh will also be 
speaking in several classes includ-
ing a sociology class and a politi-
cal science class. 

Titled "Personal Reflections on 
the Supreme Coun of the United 
States," the lecture is sponsored by 
the History and Political Science 
departments. 

According to Professor of his-
tory Michael Parrish, Regents 
Lecturers are speakers distin-
guished in their field although not 
necessarily affiliated with the 
University. 

Very few lawyer can claim to 
haveargueda manyca esasRauh 
has in front of the Supreme Court, 
Parri h aid. 

Ra'Jh graduated first in his cia 
from Harvard Law School in the 
mid-1930 . At the end of the dec-
ade, after several years working in 
Wa hington as a lawyer, Rauh 

served as the law clerk under two 
Supreme Court Justices. 

During World War II, Rauh 
served in the Pacific Theater on 
General MacArthur's staff. In 
1945, after the defeat of Japan, 
Rauh was appointed to the posi-
tion of temporary head of the civil 
govemment in the Philippines. 
Rauh also served as mayor of the 
city of Manila. 

Rauh began practicing law 
during the 1950s, specializing in 
civil liberties andcivil rights cases. 
According to Parrish, Rauh de-
voted his career to the defense of 
the Bill of Rights and the protec-
tion of Americans from govern-
mental manipulation. 

"Many people regard [Rauh] as 
probably the most important civil 
rights lawyer since the Civil War," 
Parrish said. 

During the McCarthy period and 
the intense anti-Communist "red 
scare" sentiments in the early 
1950s, Rauh repre ented such 
prominent figures as Lillian Hell-
man and Anhur Miller before the 
House Un-American Activities 
Committee (HUAC). 

According to Parrish, one of 
Rauh's more notable v ictorie took 
place during this period, when he 
defended John Watkins, a union 
worker who was called before the 
HUAC and refu ed to indict hi 
colleagues as Communist ,on the 
grounds that such information was 

irrelevant. Watkins was found in 
contempt, but Rauh took the case 
to the Supreme Coun, where it was 
overturned in 1957. 

During the 60s, Rauh was ac-
tive in the civil rights movement 
and was cast into the national 
spotlight when he represented the 
Missisiippi Freedom Democratic 
Party (MFDP) at the Democratic 
Convention in Atlantic City in 
1964, where Lyndon Johnson was 
to be nominated to run for the 
Presidency. 

The MFDP requested that the 
original all-white Mississippi dele-
gation not be recognized because 
it did not represent all the people of 
Mississippi. Although the MFDP 
walked out of the convention be-
fore a compromise was reached, 
Rauh and the party were respon-
sible for opening up the Demo-
cratic Party in 1968 to people of 
color, Parrish said. 

"There is no one more eloquent 
, nd persuasive ... in his uncom-
promi ing defense of Civil Rights," 
P~ ish said of Rauh. Parrish is 
cu. Tently completing research on a 
tx ok he will be writing about Rauh. 

According to Parrish, Rauh has 
no regrets about hi liberal career, 
and one of hi favorite aying is a 
good-natured acknowledgement 
that while "a lot of my lawyer 
friends made all the money, I had 
all the fun." 

were solicited in the planning stages 
of RIMAC, making this "one of 
the largest student projects ... with 
the largest amount of [fundraising] 
money on the table . . . in the 
history of the UC system." 

No election violation com-
plaints were lodged on the final 
day of voting despite prior allega-
tions by Monty Kroopkin of the 
New Indicator that the election was 
"flawed" by the placement of 
RIMAC Planning Committee bro-
chures on tables at polling places. 

Woodard said that all the bro-
chures in question, while being 
present at the polls on Wednesday, 
were removed before Thursday ' 
voting. 

The Gra.duate Student Associa-
tion (GSA), which was in open 
opposition to RIMAC, has not 
expressed interest in filing a pro-
test over the brochure incident. 

"I don't think [the GSA will file 
a complaint], because apparently 
there were some GSA posters that 
wandered into [the 50 foot radius 
around the poles] as well and proba-
bly will all come out in the wash in 
the end anyhow," said GSA repre-
sentative Paul Eykamp. 

On Wednesday evening GSA 
president Norman Tien said that 
the presence of brochures was "no 
big deal" and probably would not 
have any effect in the outcome of 
the election. 

Co-chair of RIMAC Paul Lan-

ning agreed with Woodard. 
"I don't believe [the brochures] 

constite a viable complaint as they 
were informational brochures 
.. . They weren't labeling [RIMAC] 
pro or con," he said. 

The approved RIMAC facili-
ties will be approximately 210,00 
square feet when completed and 
construction will cost nearly $30 
million, with another $148 million 
needed overthe following 25 years 
for mortgage payment and opera-
tion expenses. 

TheRIMAC spons facilities are 
to include ba ketball/volleyball 
courts, reservable and open weight 
training rooms, handball/racquet-
ball/squash courts, a spons pro 
shop, a sauna and jacuzzi and 
locker rooms. The new recreational 
facility will feature a 5,000 seat au-
ditorium. 

Upon opening of the facilities, 
student fees will be raised $70 per 
quarter. 

The focus of the RIMAC proj-
ect will now switch to develop-
ment, Tucker said. 

"It's a matter now of a great 
deal of work," Tucker said. 

According to Tucker, the first 
step in development will be to select 
an architect. The RIMAC commit-
tee will advertise the project 's 
availability and ask that all inter-
ested finns respond. From those, 
one will be selected. 

See REFERENDUM, page 7 

Jennirer Kolsky/GlllIrdwII 
Tipi Irie performed at last Friday's Reggae-oriented TG. 



( 

·~UCSDNEWS 
Relationship Between Blacks And 
Jews Will Be Focus Of Discussion 

Third College, as part of its Convocation eries, is 
spon oring a panel discussion by leading scholars and 
writers on the topic of The Relation hip of Jews and 
Blacks Since the Civil Rights Movement. 

Participating in the panel discussion will be Professor 
Leonard Fein, the author Where Are We Now: The Inlier 
Life of America' s Jews; Juan Williams, a reporter for The 
Washing TOil POSf and producer of the television docu-
mentary series "Eyes On The Prize"; and Taylor Branch, 
the author of the 1989 Pulizer Prize winning book, 
Parting OfThe Waters: America During The King Years. 

This free event will beheld Feb. 12 at 7:00 p.m. in the 
Price Center Ballroom. 

Health Services To Sponsor Events 
For Condom Awareness Week 

Student Health Services is sponsoring National Con-
domAwareness Week at UCSD. The week's events will 
feature free valentine condoms. Information tables will 
beset up in the Price Center Plaza Monday through Wed-
nesday, 11 a.m. to 12 p.m., and a health and fitness fair 
will be held on Wednesday in the Price Center. 

MEChA Holds Conference To 
Motivate High School Students 

Movimiento Estudiantil Chicano de Aztlan will be 
spon oring :l High School Conference on Saturday, 
Feb. 17 . Titled "Looking Beyond -Adelante con a 
Educaci6n," the conference is intended to motivate high 
school students to pursue post-secondary education, and 
will be held in the Price Center between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m. 
Students interested in helping can call 534-4994 or 587-
8974. 

Program On History Of Panama 
Canal To Be Presented This Week 

The UCSD Third World Studies Program with the 
Latin American Cultural Center of San Diego and the 
Friends of Nicaraguan Culture are sponsoring an eve-
ning of information and education on the issue of Pan-

Calvin and Hobbes 
~1t{S \)A14~ W~'r 

Tp.,l\(Ir.(<; . SCl',8::Jt.IE: \1AD 
Q)~M 10 "£R. fll1ST ~I® 
S\l1JI K.R Ill' ~O. 1 

\'.tf;~ SJSIE. . 1It~ ClOSING 
I\~ W)lJTII ~WJiIlt 

T~\:~ ~j;, ~<:Q.~ . 

1 N~8lE.D ;.. C.\.IlE 
JI..\.\I) p., Il\(INK . ()!-IE. 
~ m£M. 1 I(.I'tEVJ 
~\l£l1£ ~ flt{O . 

ama and the presence of the U.S. military in that country . 
The film " Panama: The Fifth Frontier" will beshown. 

Partially based on archival footage , the film outlines the 
history of the Canal and examines the social, political , 
and econom ic impact ot the Canal Zone on the Panama-
njan people. Also shown will be a recently taped video 
which sheds light on the reaction of Panamanians to the 
U.S. military actions of last December. The evening's 
speaker will be Thomas Davies, professor of history at 
SDSU and a specialist on Latin America and the mili-
tary . The event will take place in Peterson Hall 110 at 
7 :30 p.m. on Feb.l3. 

Local Groups Provide Volunteer 
Projects For College Students 

Active Students for Kids is having an information 
night on Tuesday, Feb. 13 at 8:30 p.m. in the Santa 
Barbara Room in the Price Center. The group is looking 
for Spring Quarter tutors for underprivileged children in 
San Diego. 

Project Salsa needs a bilingual coordinator for health 
screening in the San Ysidro area. For more information, 
contact Nadia or Jeanette at 594-1999 or 428-8620. 

For more information on these or any other volunteer 
opportunities, contact the Volunteer Connection at 534-
1414, or drop by the office on the third floor of the Price 
Center. 

Ancient American History Expert 
To Discuss San Diego Artifacts 

"America's Oldest Documents," a slide lecture by 
educator, oceanographer, and author Howard "Barry" 
Fell will be featured allhe monthly meeting of San Diego 
Independent Scholars, Wednesday Feb. 21, 7:30p.m. in 
room IliA of the Chancellor 's Complex. The meeting is 
free and open to the public. 

Fell is best known for his writings claiming that 
colonists from ancient Europe, long before Leif Ericson 
and the Icelandic Vineland settlers, left inscribed stone 
st ructures in the western hemisphere. He will describe 
his first find in San Diego: an inscription which he 
believes to be ancient Libyan and some 2,500 years old, 
buried in sand off the coast of Pacific Beach. Fell, who 
holds a Ph.D. from Edinburgh University, is a Professor 
Emeritus of Harvard and is the author of America B.C., 
Saga America, and Bronze Age America. He is a fellow 
of the Royal Society of New Zealand and of the Ameri-
can Academy of Arts and Sciences. 

100~ I<\.I..OC 
£~G\\ TRIPS 

, \() M. VJ'" 1t.R 
~TAlt{ . 
!=It-II~~~ 

0>-l\1. . 

by Bill Watterson 

~fN l C~ TO . n\E. 
PlE<'es M.l ~ IT T()(,£tIlk,R . 

J~a ~D JOES lil/t,"; ~ 
WII'\EO B'{ IN~ . 
c:8~I())sL~ . 1\\E.~ ~RE: 
PARr <::f Po. ·NIl~ " 

Rk.\I.£\! 

~c.'t. IN i>\t. at ~I c.£. I P\l\.l.£l) 
tilt fiLE'S C)t.l ~ll tilE N\lM'a£R.S 

B~ ~ \I:l ~EP SIJS\\:. QlJI£1 
At-<O ~KT ~\:. ()J\ (if \\\\:. I'I<'T\)~E 
1\\1:. "'I'\~£~ "IT 1'.£ L\\(£ '" .'1" 
S1..\lG . IT 4"'0 TO Bt UI£ ~1lM.8£R 

TIIE~ ( AU£.O -~R . BIll..IO\-I ~ 

C' MO\ol! 'fl~\ 
ARE ~'tI"IT\~ 
fCR? RE~ Ill' 

~CAR.' 

Teachers' Committee To Sponsor 
Informational Slide Presentation 

The San Diego Teachers' Committee For Nicaragua, 
Friends of Nicaraguan Culture at UCSD, and the A 50-
ciated Students will co-sponsor a 20-minute slide show 
and discussion by students who spent las t summer in 
.Nicaragua. 

Over60 San Diegans. including over 20 s tudents from 
VCSD and el ewhere, helped build school s in Nicara-
gua. 

Infonnation about a similar program being held this 
summer will be available at the discussion, to be held on 
W ednesday at 2 p.m. in Price Center Gallery A. 

C .......... _UC_N_E_W_S_~ 
Chinese Students Concerned Over 
Senate's Failure To Override Veto 

Failing by four votes, last month's Senate effort to 
override the presidential veto of immigration relief for 
Chinese scholars in the United States failed to gain the 
necessary two-thirds margin, dampening the spirits of 
UCSB students celebrating the Chinese New Year. 

Although disappointed in the Senate vote, UCSB 
student Zuoye Wang did not believe that students in the 
United States are still in dange(. 

"The issue is not the vote itself, but whetheior not the 
president's executive order is secure," he said. 

"He says something and does another," said UCSB 
graduate student Jeng-Feng Lee of Bush's apparent 
"double-standard in dealing with these issues." 

Lee believes that the president's veto of Pelosi 's bill 
is clearly a contradiction of what he has promised as 
protection. 

"They think people are different, but for human rights 
it should not be different for Europeans or Asians," Lee 
said. 

Although deportation has yet to become a pertinent 
threat, students can apply for political asylum. Zouyue 
said that such a move could prove to be " risky."Because 
most students have participated in some kind of protest, 
they don't know what will happen when they return. 

"Even those who have not been involved in any 
protest fear repercussions," Zouyue said. 

Iennifer Ogar 
UCSB Daily Nexus 

Ex-UC Berkeley Lecturer Accuses 
UC's Attorneys Of Harassment 

A former UC Berkeley ethnic studies lecturer has 
charged that the University'S lawyers harassed her by 
requesting her to undergo a psychiatric exam before 
reappearing in court, 

Merle Woo claimed that university administrators did 
not renew her contract eight years ago because she is a 
lesbian, a socialist and an outspoken critic of Berkeley's 
ethnic studies departmental policies. She said she should 
not have to take the exam. 

The request is "pure harassment" and an invasion of 
privacy, said Woo, who is seeking a position as lecturer 
that "offers a possibility of continued employment" at 
the University. 

Woo said she will claim an invasion of privacy when 
she appears at the Alameda County Supreme Court next 
Thursday. 

" They want to pay a psychologist $300 an hour, [and) 
with all the money they're spending, I could be teach-
ing," Woo said. "It's taxpayers' money they ' re using." 

An outside arbitrator ruled last March that UC Berkeley 
reinstate Woo for a year and grant hertwo and a half years 
of back pay but Woo said she has not received a satisfac-
tory job offer from the University since then. 

UC Berkeley counsel Shelley Drake said that it is 
"routine procedure" to request a psychiatric exam when 
the defense claims damages for emotional distress. 

Woo' s written allegation stated that she "suffered 
severe emotional and physical distress" since being 
dismissed in 1982. 

"They have no right to haul me in to a psychiatric 
exam . .. I don't want to undergo one unless there's a 
really good reason," Woo said. 

Drake said she thinks a good reason exists, "When 
one claims damages, it is an issue," she said. The exam 
is " in response to the claims put in her lawsuit." 

Kim Moy 
VCB Daily Californian 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason Snell, Associllle News Editor 

Monday, February 12, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Gay and Lesbian VCI & UeB Students Claim Discrimination 
By STACY SULLIVAN 
UCSB Daily Nexus 

A clarification of UC Irvine 's 
student housing policy resulting in 
the el(clusion of gay and lesbian 
couples from obtaining married 
housing has stirred up controversy 
in the college's homosexual com-
munity . 

Previously , homosexual 
couples could qualify as excep-

tions to the housing policy under 
the argument that being apart from 
a spouse or child would jeopardize 
their ability to attend the univer-
sity. The former provisional clause 
allowed lesbian and three unmar-
ried heterosexual couples to reside 
in UCI married student housing. 

In the past, the UCI non-tradi-
tional family exception committee 
had granted housing to gay and 
lesbian couples, although UC sys-

Gall JohnsoalGua,dian 
A UCSD student prepares for an upcoming test as his clay 
counterpart lounges outside the Price Center Study Room. 

temwide policy requires that mar-
ried student housing applicants 
present a marriage certificate or 
have children. 

The UCI administration does 
not make exceptions on the basis 
of sexual preference but rather 
bases its decision on children and 
marital status alone, according to 
UCI Vice Chancellor for Student 
Affairs Horace Mitchell . 

Gay and lesbian groups at both 
UCI and UC Berkeley claim this 
change in policy came about as 
pressure mounted from UCB stu-
dents to instigate a policy like that 
of UCl's at Berkeley. However, 
neither VCI Chancellor Jack Pel-

tason nor UCB's chancellor were 
available to verify contact be-
tween the two offices. 

Gay and Lesbian students 
throughout the UC system are ex-
pressing outrage over UCl's deci-
sion to revise the policy. 

"The day the decision was made 
public, I got calls until midnight to 
file formal complaints," said Jenny 
Doh, a peer counselor with UC 
Irvine's Ombudsman's office. 

UCB 's Gay and Lesbian Bisex-
ual Alliance formally responded to 
Peltason's reversal: "We find the 
revocation of Irvine 's domestic 
pannership policy a great setback 
to the rights of lesbian, gay, and 

bisexual students at our campuses. 
The only true way to address the 
homophobia, ignorance, and intol-
erance in our administrations is to 
get active and to educate. 

"The best way to accomplish 
this is to come out of the closet and 
proudly and openly affirm who we 
really are. Then it i5 necessary to 
become angry. We can no longer 
sit back and ask our administrators 
for what we rightful!y deserve." 

Berkeley Family Student Hous-
ing Manager Noriko Taniguchi said 
housing for homosexual couples is 
"a very sensitive issue that we 've 
faced since 1982, and we need to 
discuss it." 

': \. 
:;, ".$ I.a lo"a VI"a •• S"uare 

;' ~. \ Denta' Grou" Offen You: "you Nt It, 
drIM It, _ It, 

buy It, Mil It, 

provide It, or 

It', In lflii 

G ...... , 

,,' . 

\. r;:J · COSMETIC BONDING • VISA OR MASTERCARD 
• EVENING APPTS. • INSTANT INSURANCE 
• STEREO HEADPHONES EVALUATION 

. • NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
• U-HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• ORAL SURGERY FORWiSOM TOOTH EXTRACTION 

--------------------------
1ImI01HICTOIIY' Mil. 

BAM & CLEANING $29 Reg.. 590 
ONLY 

tncludes: Cleaning and ~' X·Rays. Oral Conoor ...... and f'riotaIe Conouhotion. e,.pres 3/1/90. 
10: Students, Faculty and Sluff of UCSD 

--------------------------DAVID S •• IHOM D.D.I. 
Member: ADA, CDA, SDCDS, Delta Dental 

8961 Vila La .lola Dr., Sui11501 
(behind Kinko's) 455·9151 

UCSD PRICE CENTER 
~ ROBERT'S 0. ~ SAAB 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

BREAKFAST AT 

TRY OUR DELICIOUS ENTREES 
• Breakfast Sandwiches 

Served on english Muffin 
• French Toast 
• Scrambled Egg Platter 

with choice of Bacon 
or Sausage 

••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

FREE ENGLISH MUFFIN 
WITH ANY BEVERAGE PURCHASE 

• Not valid with any other offer. 
• Please present coupon when ordering. 
• One coupon offer per customer. 
• Valid during Breakfast Hours 7-10 a.m. 

• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 

OFFER EXPIRES Feb. 28, 1990 
Valid at UCSD PRICE CENTER 

• • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

German • 

- MAJOR SERVICES - FUEL. EJECTION 
-TUNE-UPS - ELECTRICAL 
- BRAKES • EXTENDED WARRANTIES 
• TRANSMISSION • ENGINE REBUILDING 

Mon.-Fri. 7 am-6:30 pm • Saturdays 8 am-6 pm 
.._r (619)275-1132 ~'. I. 4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego • 
-------------------------10% OFF on all repairs* with this coupon 

-Except moWr and tTGIUmiuion olNlrhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free co1lsultatlon arid i1litlaltTeatmem 15 min. S20 vallIe. First-time clients olllyY 

Eyebrows 

upper Up 
Chin 

Underarms 
Breasl 

Siomacll 

Bikini Une 
F.ngers 

Legs 
Toes 

112 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American Medical Association 
approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female staff, state lie. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
laJoIJa Vtuage ProfesslotUU CeIt,er BeblPld Elepba ll/ Bar 
8950 Villa La Jolin Dr. fe. 2121 

-Explrts 2/26/90 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 12, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER, Editor in Chief 
DA VID WYNER, Managing Editor 
A TON BITTNER, News Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

The UCSD Guardio,. Is published IWice w«lIyac Lhe Univer'5hy oCCaliromia. S:;an Dic,o. CotucnlS C I990. 
V~wsexpresscd Mtdn l'eprest"ftllhemajorityVOleollhecditoriaJ txw'd..nd are no( necessanly lhoieollhc 
UC BoIJd of Reltnl$. lhe ASUCSO. nor thr: CllIin: GlIIJrditM DafT. 

RIMAe Referendum 

Some Election Lessons 
The RIMAC election is over, and it's possible some students 

didn't even know it happened. After elections, it's productive to 
look back and see what lessons can be learned. 

The first lesson of this election was that students were skepti-
cal of how RIMAC was handled - even many of those who 
voted for it. Students remember the Price Center, and how it was 
taken away from students. It's vital now that the RIMAC refer-
endum has passed that students continue to be involved, and con-
tinue to demand a large degree of control over the planning and 

construction of the facility. Some members of the administration 
are thrilled this referendum passed, and it's likely much of their 
happiness comes from having another building to play with. But 
they'll be playing with the students' money, and they should be 
watched, 

The second lesson is that votes count. This has been shown at 
every recent election at UCSD. RIMAC passed by less than 100 
votes. Eighty percent of the student body didn't bother to vote, 
and just a few of these apathetic people could have swung the 
election. In last year's Associated Student elections, one candi-
date won by just five votes. When A.S. elections are held next 
April, students should remember this lesson and vote. But don't 
bet on it; apathy is all too common on this campus. 

It is exciting to think that UCSD is now on its way to having 
an exceIlent recreational facility. However, that excitement should 
be tempered with caution, and student apathy could make this 
project into an expensive boondoggle. We should not let apathy 
create an opening for the administration to run amok. Students 
must serve on RIMAC planning committees and vote for compe-
tent student leaders, or, at the very least, stay informed. 

Night Parking 

A Modest Suggestion 
There's a lot wrong with the parking regulations. Ask anyone. 

An attempt to list all the problems (and we've tried before) is 
almost impossible. So it makes more sense to tackle just one 
problem, to convince the administration to take action and make 
a small change in the regulations that would make a big differ-
ence in students' lives. 

The problem is this: at night, students with pennits can park in 
any space, except two--spaces which are reserved or metered. 
These are often the closest, and parking in them would allow 
students to avoid long walks through the dark. . 

This campus is dangerous enough, with unlit areas and few 
police or CSOs patrolling at night. But forcing students to park 
far away at night is shameful. These spaces sit virtually empty at 
night, and a change in the regulations would result in no loss of 
revenue. People who choose not to buy permits could still park 
at the meters and pay. It may seem like a minor issue, but the 
current regulations cause tremendous inconvenience and may 
result in serious harm to students'. 

So how to change the rules? First, talk to student leaders in the 
Associated Students. They can put pressure on the administra-
tion. The A.S. number is 534-4450. Second, put pressure on the 
administration yourself. Go right to the manager of Parking! 
Transportation Service$, Bob Umstead. His address is Q-040, 
UCSD, La 1011a CA, 92093, and the office phone number is 534-
4223. For computer system users, his electronic mail code is 
umsteadr@ucsd. 

It is possible to change things, but you have to be heard. 

Parking Permits Can Cause A Lot of Grief 
Editor: 

I am writing to advise those 
students considering buying a 
bicycle parking permit to not 
bother, unless they have a strong 
desire to spend some time at traf-
fic court. 

The bicycle parking permit 
seems like a good idea: It func-
tions as a car night/weekend per-
mit, and also gives the student 
"B" parking privileges for five 
days, in case of rain. The problem 
is that ticketing officers appar-
ently do not have a firm grip on the 
permit's night/weekend function. 

The experience of myself and a 
friend (to whom I foolishly rec-
ommended the permit last fall) is 
perhaps typical. Since last fall she 
has been ticketed twice, and I once, 
for parking at night. 

My friend's first ticket com-
mented that she had a bicycle 
parking permit, and she was able 
to get it cancelled by the parking 
adjudicator, who grumbled that 
they couldn't get it through the 
officers' heads that these permits 
were good at night. 

Her second ticket commented 
that there was no visible permit 
(e.g. a night permit), but the six 
witnesses she had to the presence 
of the bicycle parking permit got 
that cancelled as well. 

I haven' t been as lucky. I found 
my car on the night of Dec. 16, 
1989, with a ticket right nextlo the 
spot where the officer (K. Ellis, by 
name) had wiped off the fog and 
stared at my clearly visible per-
mit. "Duh," I commented to my-
self, as I mentally made an ap-
pointment with the adjudicator. 

He listened unsympathetically 
to my tale, and then informed me 
that I could take the matter to court 
(not seeing fitto mention the alter-
native of requesting an adminis-
trati ve review.) 

So here I am, free on $14 bail. 
On Feb. 13 I getto spend an after-
noon in traffic court, where some-
time between noon and 5 p.m. 
they will call my name and I will 
enter my not guilty plea. Only 

CAVNA 

then will they schedule a court 
date, and I will finally (after a 
commitment of perhaps to hours 
of hanging out in court) get the 
opportunity to confront my ac-
cuser. 

Wait - something just oc-
curred to me. All evidence says 
that the parking people care more 
about accumulating money than 
they do about abstract concepts 

like justice. What if his superiors 
instruct K. Ellis to not bother 
spending a comparatively relaxed 
afternoon at the courthouse, and 
instead to spend it more profitably 
ticketing both properly and im-
properly parked cars on campus? 
No, it couldn't happen - the 
Regents would never permit such 
a thing. 

Tim Mitchell 

Terrorism Hits Home ... 
By REBEKAH DENN, StaffWrit~r 

JERUSALEM- I woke up last Monday moming to the Hebrew 
news. From what I understood of it. terrorists attacked a bus in Egypt. 
An Israeli tour group was aboard. A white car- a good thing it was 
white, I don 'tknow the Hebrew words for many other colors-drove up, 
its occupants shot through the bus windows, and threw grenades inside. 
Then they cut off the bus, and stopped it. 

A tour guide ran out, screaming at them. "He was instantly killed," 
said the newscaster. They killed him. They shot him. They then boarded 
the bus, and machine-gunned many Israelis. 

I got out of bed: and r---------------:~~~ert~a::li:P~~~f:;:.1 GtlAinIAN Cl~.u~ 
We're on break here, and ~ 
she only knew I'd be in Egypt "sometime in February." So she was 
worried, and upset. First, because I was upset, then because I wouldn't 
change my vacation plans. I'm going to Egypt, on Feb. 13. I have a 
round-trip bus ticket to Cairo. 

"Cancel it. Please don't go." But she can't really stop me. I'm 20 
years old, and thousands of miles away. 

And I feel it's safe to go. For a woman with light hair and a flat 
American accent, that is. Americans aren't fair game here in the Middle 
East; no one wants U.S. public opinion against them. (Maybe we should 
be installed as a permanent safety feature on every bus.) 

It makes me feel more a part of America, and have more faith in its 
strength, to realize that people would avoid slaughtering me because of 
my nationality. 

I'm still frightened. I've lived in Israel for seven months. I feel it's my 
country, too. Most of those murdered Monday lived in Jerusalem, like 
Ido. 

"They shouldn't have left the country," some people say, and maybe 
they ' re right. Inside Israel- well it's a small country, less than a tenth 
the size of Cali fornia, and it's surrounded, wi th the ironic exception of 
Egypt, by countries that have expressed a desire to obliterate it. It 
carefully guards against that. This creates an undercurrent of tension 
throughout the state which, the occupied territories aside (a largely 
separate issue, which I will not deal with here), also makes it a safe place 
to be. 

Everyone matter-of-factly serves in the army for three years after 
high school. Men return three weeks every year until they're 50 years 

See TERRORISM, page 5 

Bow CoMMUK1ST PARTY ~-IJNERS 
L1K£ 'to SER\1E: Ul? 1\EFoaM." 

,,[OU've. almo.st~ 
lot. .. almost S'?t l1: -

'W~oOPS!­
m1.~ed ~a.i.n. 

(heh. heh.) 

Monday, February 12, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Commentary 

It Can Be Tough to be .ck at UCSD 
By TRACY POWELL, COIfII'iIJ""", ",.., ins ed'GdIi:Ir~ ere. 

"Dang, I'm the only one in heret" say. a black Ale pmil1y soma to let someone else's at-
freshman who walks into a large lecture hall snd titude Pl1tiem intedere with your goals? Are you 
sees no other black students. The student later going tdaiYe up what you've worked so hard for 
discovers that his professor and TAB (who are jultbecaldle~wlSO'tlikeyou? 
also not black) are not sensitive to tbit fact. He In 8Il1!i.,eof"ADifferent World" thecbar-
IIOticea that black pro- acter oamed Whitley 
fessors. TAs and blacJc· was treated unfairly by 

Terrorism 
Continued from page 4 
old. Anti-terrorist measures are 
everywhere. But you get used to 
it. It's a beautiful, fascinating 
place, which makes it easier. 

Bags are checked going into 
stores, rather than going out. Se-
curity guards are posted at most 
entranceways. Sometimes a bus 
or theater is evacuated, and the 
bomb squad called, because 
somconc's left a bag inside. 

Maybe we get too used to it. 
The last time my bUs was evacu-
ated, I stopped to argue with the 
driver about returning my fare. 

In America, I was so far away 
from this. Major tenorist attacks 
succeed so rarely in the U.S.- I 
reacted to the news of a Jerusa-
lem-Tel Aviv bus being forced off 
a cliff the same way as wben I 
heard a madman went to a Stock-
ton schoolyard and killed chil-
dren. 

The way you react to most mas-
sacre headlines, with a horrified 
sigh and a few minutes' thought, 
with the feeling that it was random 
and far away and couldn't have 
been prevented. 

Since Monday, I've changed. 
The t.ension has blown up in my 
face, and I realize that the guards 
are here for a reason. Bags are 
c1leCked because some people 
cany guns in them. Bomb squads 
are called out because an aban-
doned package might really, truly 
bea bomb. 

I still feel safe here. The system 
is set up to prevent attacks, and 
usually does. But I see tbe need for 
that system, and get pretty scared 
when I think of what would hap-
pen without it. Scared for Israel, 
and scared for myself. Being a 
foreigner means people avoid 
trying to kill you, but we all go to 

the same theaters and ride the same 
buses. 

I think about what happened in 
Egypt, that if I travel out of the 
country wilh a group clearly 
marlcedasisraelis,ifsomeoncdoes 
it again, it would be me screaming 
on a bus, unbearably afraid, wait-
ing to die. 

I'm going with two other 
Americans. It's nice to be an 

a femaJesaleaclerk. Sbe 
bouJIIt • lot of expen-
sivejewelf1juat to spite 
the woman. 

Sbelarerrealizedshe 
couldn't afford the 
items, but was afraid to 
relUm diem because of 
willi the WOII1IID would 
tblak. 

1becbln1cleJ JaJ.esa 
told her IbIt it doesn't 
~ .. .,.Ida't let 
"1":Mr.ha~whdwu 
., ~"f.o.. 1'hit1t1y did wbac sbe 

American. I'm a Jew, but it's 
unlikely I'll be killed forthat, when 
there are so many Israeli Jews 10 
come first. 

What kind of world do we live 
in? It males me sick, and it makes 
me very afraid. 

Denn, a Third College junior, 
is studying in Israel through the 
Education Abroad Program. 

~ UCSD Gunlu." wdcoma your lctten and commentaries. Drop 
your letter at the Gwlnlu." offica (on the second floor of the Student 
Center, where the A.S. oi&ea IJKd to be) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor, ~ GwInlu.,., 
B·016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Lettcn should be typed, double-spaced, and should include a sipaturc 
and phone number. We racrvc the right to edit lcncn for length 
and clarity. DcadlInc for Iettcn for Monday" iAuc is noon on Friday. 
Dadline for Thunday's iauc iI noon Monday. 

MODEL 
SEARCH 

Nouveau Model Talent Management 

MIW .ACI. DIYI.ION 
is looking for new talent. Screening & Interview 
on Wednesday, February 14, 11 a.m to 2 p.m. 
in the Multi-Purpose Room 

Men 5'11" to 6'3", Women 5'4" to 5'11" 
For Print, Runway & Commercial 
No experience necessary - Bring a recent snapshot 

CALL fOIl lPUn •• INPO 453.2727 
9823 Pacific Heights Blvd. 1M 
San Diego, CA 92121 

OPINION 5 



6 OPINION 

Communicate In Color 
Now AI linko's 

Canon Color Laser Copies! 
• Presentations • Transparencies 
• Displays • Sales Flyers 
• Charts/Graphs • Even Copy From Slides! 

kinko·s 
the copy center 
457-3775 

La jolla Village Center 

r-------------------~ 99 ( Color Copies I I 
I Brtng Ihls coupon ,nto a parllC'palmg Kmko's Copy Cenler and receIVe up 10 five I 
I 8'''· x II" colorcop'es (or onl y 99~ each 01 vahd w,lh an) olher offer. One coupon per customer Good Ihrough 3/IJ'lO. I L ___________________ ~ 

The UCSD Guardian 

Just be healthy 

Mystery Master of Ceremonies from the San Diego Chargers! 

Body compo ition 
Nutrition 

Spirituality 
Less stress 

Sexual health 
Warm-up 

Student safety 
Eating habits 

Blood pressure 
Massage 

Anemia creening 
Sports injuries prevention 

Cholesterol screening 
Alcohol and drug awarene s 

Flexibility 
Dental care 

Skin creening 
Strength 

Entertainment 

For more infonnation call 534-2419. 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

CLD[b~IDI 
University of California, San Diego 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Health and Fitness FaIT 
Wednesday, February 14 
11 :00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. 
Price Center Walkway 

Monday, February 12, 1990 

Noriega: Can 
Justice Prevail? 
Editor: 

Finally, the long awaited trial 
will soon be underway. Manuel 
Noriega, who was indicted on 12 
drug trafficking counts, is sched-
uled to go on trial March 5. Finally 
all the hidden infonnation will 
soon be uncovered. 

With all this playing around, 
will the expected long, drawn-out 
trial ever lead to a conclusion, a 
sentencing, or prison tenn? 

Unfortunately, I think not! The 
main reason is Noriega's involve-
ment with the CIA. In the mid-
19605, he was recruited by the 
CIA, although he was a small-
time operative and paid only afew 
hundred dollars a month. 

By the 19805, Noriega was one 
of the biggest people in the U.S. 
intelligence network in Latin 
America. From 1978-1987, the 
Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) 
repeatedly thanked him for his 
help in capturing numerous drug 
traffickers. In 1984, the then DEA 
administrator had an autographed 
picture of Noriega in his office. 

With his help over the past two 
decades, I see it a virtually im-
possible for the American judicial 
system to convict him. Another 
reason it will be hard to convict 
Manuel Noriega is that it will be 
difficult for him to receive a fair 
hearing because of adverse pub-
licity, something that could take 
months to resolve. His lawyers 
state that Mr. Noriega is a political 
pri soner brought to this country i 1-
legally. 

I, for one, would love to sec 
Noriega recei ve the 145-year sen-
tence and the more than $1 million 
fine he deserves. But I am sad to 
say thatour govemmentfmds ways 
ofletting even the worst of crimi-
nals off free. 

I truly hope that the statement 
that President George Bush made 
earlier this month will reflect the 
way this trial would take place. He 
stated that Noriega "may get into 
the release of some confidential 
documents" and that "he may try 
to blindside the whole justice proc-
ess. But the system works, so I 
wouldn ' t worry about it." 

Mark Silverstone 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

( \ I I I '" I II.:" I 
584·6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North #315 

.Copier. 
.Laser- Printer. 
Cartridge ReCharging 

$20.95 • 
TONERS: S5~tle 

(BI""k/Color Tonen ,n Bulk) 
-Video Cassell .. , 579 . S99 
( II"", 10 RuhalJt. Seal. Etc.) 

COPtERS 
·UononPc. SharpZSOI'O. XeroxlOt2 ..... 
LASER PRlIlITERS 
·IIP. Apple. CallOft. RicoII. IBM. Etc. 

TURK T 0"" Products (619) 744-5664 

Monday, February 12, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

REFERENDUM: Proposed Recreation And Events 
Center Passes With 51.3 Percent Student Approval 

Attention, 
News Writers: 
H you want to be 
paid, come by the 
Guardian oIIiees 
and sign all three 
copies of the time 
sheet with your 
name on it. The 
time sheets are 
located on the 
message wall. 

Continued from page 1 
" In the case of the Price Center. 

we had 63 interested firms respond. 
Of those, a committee of students 
and faculty/staff decided to inter-
view eight. An interview commit-
tee selected one," Tucker said. 

choosing different aspects from 
each alternative for the final struc-
ture. 

"Who knows, [the structure] 
might be more than one building," 
Tucker said. 

According 10 Lanning, as the 
UC "moves into the building phase 
of the project, there will be less ad-
ministrative involvement." 

but no specifics ... now is the time 
for student imput [to guide the de-
velopement process]," UCSD 
Spons Infonnation Director Bill 
Gannon said. 

The architect which is awarded 
the contract will then conduct stud-
ies and produce several alternative 
plans. The building committee will 
select the structure that they want 
and make a preliminary drawing, 

The preliminary drawing will 
then be checked by electrical and 
structural engineers. Next, a con-
struction document will be made, 
followed by a construction bid and 
award. After this is done, ground 
breaking will take place. 

Lanning projected that more 
students will be involved by spring. 
He added that there will be a 
"changeover" on the RIMAC Plan-
ning Committee as student repre-
sentati ves graduate. 

Lanning said that he was "defi-
nitely pleased" with the success of 
the referendum. 

"[RIMAC] is a necessary com-
ponent of the campus. I"m happy 
that it received s tudent approval," 
he said. 

"The money has been put in 
place by the students ... there is a 
concept of what RIMAe will be 

"\'ould \'()l' Like a .Joh ()\ 'erseas'! 
Allen & Associates is a New York-based consultant firm servicing clients in business 

and industry as well as government and non-profit organizations. We have a standing 
requirement to locate and recruit professionals in various technical fields to fill jobs 
abroad. 

Currently, we are looking for candidates from among foreign nationals to work full 
or part-time as representatives or consuttants for U.S. companies in their branch offices 
overseas. 

We believe it is in your best interest to utilize our cost-free service (the hiring 
company pays our fees). If you are language-qualified and interested in working for a 
U.S. firm abroad, send resume with cover letter indicating interest to Allen and 
Associates. Once we receive your resume, you will be contacted by one of our 
representatives for an interview at your convenience. All applications are confidentiaL 

Some part· time positions are available which can be 
filled while finishing studies in U.S. 

WRllTEN INQUIRIES ONLY 

Send your information to: ALLEN 
& ASSOCIATES 

P.O. Box 12614. San Diego, California 92112·3614 

HEALTH CARE-
SOCIAL ISSUES 
Interdisciplinary Minor 

T he Health Care-Social Issues Program offers students a variety of perspectives that enhance their ability to deal with 
complex social and ethical issues in modem health care. The 
program is available to all UCSD students with a general 
interest in issues related to health care as well as 
to students considering health care careers. By bringing 
together coursework from a number of academic depart-
ments, this interdisciplinary curriculum compliments science 
majors and enriches students' preparation for 
professional and postgraduate education. 

Spring Quarter Course Offerings 
Anthro 22 Introduction to Cultural Anthropology 
Econ lA Elements of Economics 
Econ IB Elements of Economics 
Econ 138 Economics of Health 

Psych 1 
Psych 60 
Psych 104 
Psych 139 
Soc 40 
Soc 137 
US& P 145 

(Course not listed in Schedule of Classes. Please contact 
Departmenl for in/ormation.) 
Psychology 
Introduction to Statistics 
Introduction to Social Psychology 
Brain Damage and the Mind 
Sociology of Health Care Issues 
Alcohol and Society 
Aging: Social and Health Policy Issues 

Information on specific reqUirements, declarations, petitions, and 
transcript notItIon requests, may be obtained at 405 MAAC (behind the 
Cashier's Otftce) or phone 534-1704. 

Attention Chemistry Lab Students 

BEFORE YOU 
I-REG ••• 
Due to scheduled construction work in the 
Undergraduate Sciences Building I the 
Chemistry Department may be forced to 
reduce enrollment in laboratory courses 
during the Fall Quarter 1990. Students who 
need any of these courses to graduate in 
Fall 1990 are encouraged to enroll this Spring, 

"Don't be cruel." 

So Elvis had a way with words. 
If you don't feel up to singing "Love Me Tender" to your 

sweetheart, cheCK out our great selection of Valentine's Day 
gifts and cards. And say "'love you" with style. 

L\I\IRSrlY 

Hours: Mon. - Fri. 7:30 a.m. - 6 p.m. 
Sat. 9:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

Features 
THE 

Graffiti Writers Don't Stall In 
Leaving Their Mark On UCSD 
·Story by Lior Rozenman, 
Guardwn Reporter 

Have you ever wanted to take a jour-
ney? Have you ever wanted to tum your 
daily routine inside out? Have you ever 
wanted to be like rock singer Robert 
Plant and go wherever he goes to bring 
back those lyrics? 

One student an~ered "yes." He was 
bored, depressed, and a bit disillusioned 
about his life as a UCSD student. He 
needed to blow off some steam where no 
one would watch or judge him. So he 
went to the walls. 

The walls are part of several campus 
buildings: Psychology and Linguistics 
(P&L), Humanities and Social Science 
(HSS), and Mandeville . Ln the stair-
wells, the writing is visible as students 
go between classes. While some people 
may dismiss the writing as vandalism, 
others glance amusedly at the graffiti, 
and once in a while , when no one else is 
around, someone may add to the collec-
tion of writing. 

"There are more to the walls than 
walls. There are people behind them," 
said the sludent, who goes by the pen-

name of Psimon. 
The people he refers to are the waIl-

writers, who refer to themselves as 
" Peeps." Psimon found the Peeps 
through his writings on the wall, and he 
said they come together for different 
reasons . 

"I was kind of depressed, and I first 
wrote to ex press some of the problems I 
was having. Other Peeps wrote to test 
stories or poetry, and many just write 
because they are lonely," Psimon ex-
plained. 

But whatever the reason, he said, 
these mysterious walls have managed to 
bring together a group of people, and it 
has helped them get through school. 

"We all grew up together," explained 
Psimon. 

Since 1976, several students have 
been adding their work to the disjointed 
scribbling that was already on the walls. 
These writers adopted cryptic pen names 
that they signed to their work. Names 
like lk sman, Creben, Quip, Nemo, 
Touchstone, and Gilrael have graced the 
walls of Mandeville, P&L, and HSS. 

Through the years, the walls have 

acquired a heritage. Stories abound 
among the Peeps about particularly 
heroic members: there was Vreep, who 
lived on the roof of HSS for a few 
weeks; Aoorwriter, the only Peep to 
have been arrested for vandalizing the 
walls (the piece he was working on at 
the time was left uncompleted), and 
Firefox, who began her " legendary" 
animal sketches in 1981, and is still 
known to come back to write from time 
to time. 

Their signatures, along with the oth-
ers', can be found at the bottom of 
SUbject matter ranging from "current 
events to timeless philosophical ques-
tions," Psimon commented. The ink 
meanderings often serve as invitations 
to new writers to join in. 

Many writers, including Ps imon, 
s tarted by responding to writing already 
on the walls. 

Yet, according to Ps imon, many are 
initially awed or in timidated by the 
wall writing: " People thi nk of [wall writ-
ers) as profound orwise, but anyone can 
write. It 's just college students writing. 

See WALLS, page 14 

Monday, February 12, 1990 

Stairwell Script 
WeiNriters have e~ their dreams 

and Ideas within the stailWells of UCSD 
buldings. A wallwriter named "Nemo' 
dec:Ided to preserve the best of the writings 
in a book, of which there are less than 50 
copies. The foIIowIngare selacliclilStonthe 
book dstributed among waIwrIters: 
Now S8IS /he moon, MW pInAs /he dIItm 
Away to eartNy themes dBpIIIt 
The ImIiJadours of IIOubIed times, 
The chtoIlidtJrs of btrJkMI htMrts 
StJI scaI6/he h6ights IIIId d8I9 the ktJfp 
RBwMrJs but slightlllld peO/ nigh 
But the art of scribe is fI7Of8lh8 joy 
To psint and pen IIIId sing Ih8 sky. 

-GilraBI 
Damn, 3 o'clock in \he mom, 'ne! someone is 

1IOUnding on the door. Struggle outta bed, open 
the door 'ne! no one's \here 'capt this black 
chicken. She walks in, grabs herself a beer, sits 
on the couch like she owns the place. Wail asec, 
a chicken? Drinkin' beer? Funniest thing I ever 
saw. I just stood there dumbstruck. She'd bal-
ance \he bottle over her wing, make a seal by 
sticking her head in \he opening, 'nd tip the 
boUle 10 drink with her too\. I shook my head 
twice to make sure. That's when the door handle 
melteej, Ahhh good acid ... 

Great grey lowers attend the sky 
Stark walls beckon the seeker's touch 
Footsteps threaten with measured tread 

-.4oonymous 

Monday, February 12, 1990 

RELIGIOUS FUNCTIONS 

MONDAY. FEBRUARY 12 

1:00p.... HI ALPHA CHRISTIAN FELLOWSHIP. You as. in.i"" 
10 alieM It special $howinl of I~ hl,hly KClaimcd film. "'Thin lee." Thl. 
S-siar OIted mocion pictUR prcscnti Chrisrianil)' in I mil and cnlcnaininl 
way. Come and be challen,«I and cnrouraJCd. Revelle FOf'I1\3 I LounJC. 
F .... 

TUESDAY THROUGH SATURDAY 

S:OOp. ... -CAllIO LIC MASS . Spansomf by ,ile Ca,hollc Studen' 
Community lit UCSD. Universily Lutheran Churth, Comer 01 N. TOn'¢)' 
Pines and La Jolla StMRs Drive. 

TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 13 

12:00p. ... 1 :llp.1IL- Bibk SIOOY' Christians who lei IOStthcrtoswdy 
the Book of John. Wewill be inJohn 14lhisTucsday. Everyone is invitedl 
Brin,. rriend! Prke Center. Rm $. 

1l:00..m..I:IIp.m.- Weckly Torah $Iud)' class wilh Rabbi Doul 
SkMnk:k, direclOr 0( lhe Jewish campus Cenlcn .1 UCSD. All IR 
welcome 10 this le.lll class about the weekly Bible pontorl studied by the: 
Jewish tomlTMJnilY. $()2 Manhews. 

6:1Op. ... ·1:tep. ... - PUT SOME SPRING INTO YOUR SPRING· 
TIME' AOO SOME SPIRIT TO YOUR SPIRITUALITY! Joio wi ... 
ocher C1uistians in • weekly Bible Rap 10 discover how 10 live the &ood 
life while II VeSD. Spon5Ond by me United Campus Ministty on • 
weekly bosi~ Topic: of _y . .... Gospel of M .... _u ...... ~ 
Min istry 00 ..... 302 MAAC. 

WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 14 

II : .... m.·l:OOp.-.-How .p'ritually fil ~ you'! Are you livi" ... peak 
tpirituaJ pedonnance'1 Find out answers 10 lhe5e and OIhtr illlpOltUl 
quescions II the AMuaI FitneSS F1ir. SlOp ,.!he booth sponJOfCd by tf,: 
Off tee of kcli,KM.ts Afrail'l, Look rew US on the Prir;c Cenler Plaza. 

':OIp.a.-Oinfter il setYed 10 students by the IOWnspeopie 01 Uni versify 
Lulhenn ChW't'h. Everyone i. wek:omc. Univtml)' Lutheran Church. 
_ 'ile ..... , from R ... 11e Colle ... 

1:JOp.m.- WEDNESDAY NIOIIT DISCUSSIONS. "Abov, Se. ond 
Other Thi"ll. But Mainl)' About Sex." Not easy. VisiOnI ProI"essor. Fr. 
Piem: Riches.. will inaoduce Ihe subjecl which shoukt lead 10 a livel), 
dia:u55ion. Univcl'liry Lulhenn 0I1.Ilda, Calholk: l..ouap. 

.:OOp. .... ·9:JOp. .. -Ba""·1 Club Doc:pcnin,. A.I.r ...... 1 discussion 
aboul the Baha'i writinas and tk Baha'i faith. We will rem selectionl 
from Bw'l wririnp Oft lite vaJue. de:ve&o mcnc. and used the inlClica. 
Price Cenlltr. Santa Cruz Room. 

9:JOp.on,-CANDLELIGIIT MASS. A quiet. mcdi ..... time for ."",. 
I •• wi,h .. hen. Spon_ by .... Ca'hoIic S'uden, Communi'y It UCSO. 
U.i ..... 'y Lu ....... Otun:h. t:em<f of N. Ton<)' Pines ond La Jolla 
Shore. Dr. 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY IS 
11:00p..a-Facuhy.nd Starr Luncheon with Dr. Martin E. Many who 
will speak 00: "When Scholan Touc:h Touchy Subjccu: The Back""""" 
10 the InquiricsConoern inc InlmWional Fund:mJcnEililm." Cosc S6.SO. 
R.S.V.P. by today. February 12, e/o 5)4.2521. Sponsor: orr"" of 

Relic~ Aff:.ir1. Sequoi. Room, Muir Commons. 

3:JOp.-.-Fru SlUdenl ColLoquium wilh ChlRh Historian. Dr. Millin 
E. Many: "Fundamenudi,m lAd Your World." SponlOr. Burke Lecutrc· 
ship un Keli,ion uti Society. Gal""" B. 2nd floor. """" Center. 

S:4Sp. .. -Dinner with Dr. Manln E . ......,y. R ...... tion •• nd $21.15 
pay ..... , due 'oday. February 12, c/o HonicI Schroeder. 4S4-1059. 2000 
VI. Se,<wI • • l.a Jofl •. CA 9lO37. Sponscr: Uni", ... ity t..,henn 0._. 
Facully OUb. 

7:JOp. .. - Bib .. S,udy. EpI ...... 1 colle ........... W .. kly Bibl. """>' 
llnd monthly evenls. Info: Fr. Bill Mahcd),. SM--6661 . St. Eliubeth 'l 
Church. 2125 Mtnon Ave .. S.D. 

1:JOp._BIBLE STUDY: Join wi,h membenol,he CatholicCom ... • 
nil)' for n:flecllon and sh3rin& aboollhe upcomln& Sunday Scriptures. 
University Lutheran Chun:h. corner of N. T~y Pines and l....:J. Jolla 
Shore. Dr. 

8:00p. ... - Fru kctu~ by Dr. Mllnin E. Many: -rhc Fundame:ncalill 
Ae"", 'ile Globe. Oown ,he Block, or In the Hear.- Open to 'ile public. 
Sponsor: Burke Lectureship on Reli,ioo and SOddY. 108 Peterson Hall. 
Third Colle,e. 

FRIDA Y. FEBRUARY 16 

7:00p.m.- SliABBAT SERVICE and dinner wi,h One" S,udents or· 
ganize warm and intimate Shabbtt ce:tebnrions. Mandeville Suite. top 
floor. Free. 

SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 11 

7:1Op.m.-Lutheran 5Inlle-sdifte.1 Soup Exchllnle. Costa. Verde Shop-
pinl Ccnccr, act'OSS from UTe. For informadon. caUlnlrid •. 13"-9564. 
Sponsor. University Lutheran 0IUR:b. 

SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 18 

8: ....... and IO:OOO .... -Epl ...... 1 Church Worship SeNic. : Sunday 
Eu<hari" and porish (el"""shlp. Good Samaritan Episcopal Oturch. 
4321 Eost,",e Moll. 

8:.lOo.on,-CATIlOI.IC MASS. SponlOl'Cd by .... CotltoIie S,_ 
Communilyat UCSO. UniYCnilyLulhe ... n Ouan:h.come:rolN. Toney 
PI .... and l.o JoIII Sham Dr. 

IO:"~m..- Lud~ru wonhlp service. All lie wek:ome_ University Lu-
'heran Church. ""'" ,ile ...... rrom Revelle Cof ..... 

II : 15a.m.-"Heon TntMplantS.nd E'hical Choices. "by Dr. BrI.n Julli. 
will be pRKnted in an open ronam. upc:n 10 .U. Univel'lily Luthenn 
O""rch (across tM Itreel from Revel)C CoUeae). 

5:IIp.III.-CAlllOLlC MASS. SpunsomI by .... Catholic S,_ 
Community It UCSD. Vaivasil)' Lucheran Church. comer of N. Torrey 
Pine. and l.o Jolla S ..... Dr. 

9:1Ip. .. -CATIlOUC MASS. SponlOl'Cd by .... CaIhoIic S,_ 
Conwnunity" UCSD. Unlvenily t..,he,.. Oturch. comer or N. Totr<y 
Pines and l.o Jolla 5 ..... Dr. 

HEALTH EDUCATION 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12 

100 ....... ·Il:Glp. .... - Ooyou .......................... blues? Patt up 
whh • filneg euminltion from FITSTOP. lhe one.urn wl'lcR you're 
.... ., ............. 11t ·'FREE,so ...... ., __ orClIl5)4. 
182 • ., ",... ................ .....,1 

11 : ....... ·11:....... I JycSc, c\N •• ...."ft'om 11 · ll,IPrice<Anw 
PI .... Fm V ..... ti .. c:ondomI • AI ........ of Nllionol ~ 

A'M~ Week •• Acton brou .... to JUU"" RevcUc RcJidmI AwSlaftIS 
.... S, .... '" I\eahh _ ..... 

11:"""", 1:IIp. .. -Condom A ___ W .... · An .... , . ai.Ia_· 
,ion Imm ......... r ..,...-1-'" _..,.. __ " tlto 
"NoI So Tri ........ &IbIe, Win a ,.. lIetr:rtrIr c ..... Price (XnlCt 
Today. HIppy V .......... Ooy. 

The UCSD Guardian 

:~:y'y~ekly ,,~~.!~Qg~l 
• qWU'1cr? HaYlnl trOUble undersllndin,your sodaJ science classes?Thcn. 

1I:tIa.a.ll:tlp..m.. I ivc SCI Ags·lOday rrom 11 . 121t Price Center 
PIau. Free VaJcntinc condoms. All in honor 01 Na,ional Condom 

A*~ness WCltk. -Ac:conbrouaht to you by Revelle RC5idcnlAHi5catlIS 
and Snaden, Health Advocatel. 

11: ........ 1:GOp.IIL-Get yOllr body in tiP-lOP shape for ' prinl by 
Ranin, out willi a filness meume:nt from FrrSTOPI CaU "34-1824 or 
come by Siudent Ikahh ror appointment. h 's FREE. sooome by! 

WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 14 

1I:_-1:tep. ... _ 1 ... be ........ y. VI,It 'ile ",,"y ile.lthy ....... 
menu al the Heal .... Fi_ Fair .... " from 11-2 at Price Centrr 
walkway. Enjoythe~tlldle Plaza. Free V.lenunceondonu. 
.pples. cholesterol screeninl. n'Wsare, fitness ISJCSsmenl. blood pres-
AU1I. and nuuilionalauessmenl. 

11: ........ 1:tOp. ___ 00 yourxlf a f.vor and Jet a FREE Fitness As-
SCSImCIIl fromFTl'STOP! Make an .ppoinlmcRl atS tOOeRl He.lth orcall 
534-1124. '!'hcn:', nodtin, to .... 1 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15 
1: ...... -3 __ - 11tere's nodaiftl beller lhan a nrness e:c.aminalion 
10 JC1 )'OUr blood pwnpin,! Get III appointment for mSTOP by (:IIIinC 
5J4..1824orcomin, eo 51 .... Health! Jt 's fREE so take adv.ntaaeof It I 

RECREATION & ENTERTAINMENT 

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14 

• :tep. .. - I .... FoIIt 00 .... , ........... by 1 .... 1 Action Cormti" ... 
... Unioa of Jewish S'uden", R ... 11e InfomtaJ Loun ... Free. 

THURSDA Y, FEBRUARY IS 
5:45p.a.-nIE TIlURSDAY DINNER. _ rood uti pa' 
_yo Spon_ by .... Catholic Studen, Community" UCSD. 
UttMnIIy ~Otun:h. CIthoIic Loun ... CornerofN. Ton<y PI ... 
... Lo Jolla _ Drive. 52.00. 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
A_Ion S,udenu! UCSD·. US Gronu "ill rund your , pod.1 project in 
.. y rldd. Up .,$.l(J()per proje<:L 1-. Call '34-3917 or .i,l, our 
oIIice i ..... Price CertIa'. 

Gel N>lisIoodI All mojon ... k:ome . .... UCSD Joumof of U'-podu· 
ale RelCWCh is ac:ceptin. your wort to be N\liewod rot pouibk 1990 
jownaI. Submit by Feb. 15. mmDl1l info. call S34-3917 or visil ourotrlCC 
in .... Price een.. 

MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY 

.:OOo.rro.-4:t1p.ra,....S101 PLUS. Sy ....... of In .. "",iv. Guidone< ond 
Informacion is I compuICr- bacd propam of caJftI' in(ormalion dc:si&ncd 
10 help )'OU clarify )'OUr stills. value ... nd octup.lional in~5IS. For 
more infOffllatioft. come 10 Can:u Scf\lic:cs Ccnler. 110. 

a: ......... ;JIIp.a--OASIS Wrio", Cenler offcrs f'rce seN," for aU 
UCSO .. udenU_ ........ ·writin'help. oonferenc .. ""dnfuonded· 
ilin, advice. Weenpaeany kindol writinl and any kind ofwritin& PfOb. 
Iem. Confar:KICS _ by appoirItnEnl only. Evenlnc appoiMmmlS IR 
alSOlvailablc.. (For full ranae oIlCfVK:es ICC the bral;kofthc CUl'l'CftI clus 
sehedWe). CUI 5JA..2l8A orcomc by Swdmt Center. Buildin, A, room 
214.10 make an appoinlmCnL This xrvk:c iI: available throuJhout Ihe 
quoner. Sponsomi by .... OASIS Wri ... Center. Free. 

L'-":JI!o.a.-SOfOLARS WRITING WORKSHOP. Honor. 
wort"- ond iadi.idooI...u..- f"" flO_ snd..,.,.....,... The 
workshop will rocus"" 'ile shorI_ ......... y eurn. ond .... professor u. penner. SWdc_ will have theopponunily 10 learn a word proce:ssinl 
• y ...... SM .-"'" especioIly encourapd to oppIy. Call F.,.II 
Fottmaa II: S)4.1).4.1 for further tnformation or an appoinhntnt. Free. 

':OILm.-4:JOp.a.-OASIS Rertdin, .... ShOlly Skill. Center offen 
one-to-one PenonaI Auiscance for l..camin, (PAL) confc:rences to 1m--
prove your IkiIJI on the foUowinllOpk:s: time manqement, pl·settina. 
proju:t plMniq; and orpnizalion for raeuch, lecture llOIe·&akjnl. text-
book readina. '-':,*,"1 (('If" ex.ms. and telt-tlkinl Sll'iIIlelics. PAL 
conferences are fTeeand ,vlilable by I ppoinbnenl Formore information. 
call S34·1344 ... _ by USB 04010. F .... 

':OOO.m.":JOp. .. - Le1 OASIS Readin, and S,udy Skill. help you 'hi, 
quarter with time n.nalemcnl. nou:takinl . mKherm preparation, and 
InHakinC araIcpe.. SlOp by US B 4010 or call 5}4~1144 10 SCI up • 
penonal appoinement. Also-seay on the lookoul for those: valuable 
OASIS study skills w«kshop>. Free. 

L ........... :Jtp. ... Tue. and Thu.: . :Jtp. ...... : ........ - The Lan,",,, 
Propam provides U&islance to students whose native lan&Ulge is not 
En,lish and 10 lhole &Ioinl work in Japanese. Spanish. French. Gennan. 
Hebrew. and O(her lanluaaes. A diaaAOllic lesion wrllctn EnaJish u a 
5eQ)nd lanluaae ls .vail.bIe on request. CtlI : ~J4.22S4 fOf" more Infor-
mation. S,uden, C.-. Buildin, A. 1214. F .... 

Mon.·Thu.: I.: ........ :..,.m. Fri .: 10: • • m.·1: ..... m. Sun .: 
5:1Op..m.-I:OIp.a.-f'R£E IndMduai lumnl in all Lower division 
.... .... BioJoty. CIIomisuy ECElCSE. f.A:utamics. PIIyiics. ond .. I ...... 
upper di.i>Ion e_ The OASIS Underpound i. _ " 1254 
Galbraith Hall_ All ItudenlS welcome! We want to help you- 12S4 
Galbrti ... Hall F .... 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12 

Il:lOo.&-ON CAMERA: PRACTICING INnRVIEWING SKILLS 
- St.ar,en your intel"Vte:winl skills by seeinl and hearin. yoonclf on 
vidcolape. ReceIve fwd_k from ocher job seekers in lhis pwp work-
shop. Pra.quisi .. : I~iewi., SIOII. -'tJhop. Camr SeNice C.n· 
ter. Free. 

1:.lOp. ..... : ....... -DROP·IN ADVISING HOtJRS: fO< ilelp rutdl •• 
desirlble pon· timo<ntploylMn,.ddenninin, e ..... pis ...... hin, for 
jot. 011 ex.plorin. proaaional or anduale IChooi opponunica. No a.,. 
poinuncnI .......,.. juI& w.lk-in. Career 5crvices Center. Frw. 

2:00p.rn.-EFFECTIVE JOB SEARCH SllIAreGY. 1!O% of , II job 
vacaocia an: ~. 'IlNs 'MJfbhop will IInth you the moSI 
cffcai'iC WI)' to find them. ~ Services Cenlel'. Ftec. 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13 

1I: ........ - IN11!RNA110NAL AFFAIRS : GRADUAre SCHOOL 
OPTIONS · So you Win, '" "intemational" .-'1 00 you .......... 
cduc.tion? Which propam is riaht (or you? Internllionai affairs. rt'" 

,ion~ policy uti .... "udica """ .... """'""" ond _ padt. will be 
dilCuued. ea...... Servioes Cen .... MuItI· ,,",- Room. 

1 :.lOp.~·CAMPUS INnRVIEWING ORIEI'ITAllON. II you 
Ire inllCruecd in pMicipMinl in the CaIeer Servic:es CcnIer'J on..carapus 
InlaVicwili. propwn chis quaner. it is ....a...y thM)'OU ulend one 01 
thac orienutions before you u.rvn. Caroer Setvku Cenler. Frw. 
1:"..., .. :tIp. .. - OROP· IN ADVISINO HOtJRS: For ... Ip_. 
desinblepon·_.'tpIof.-. ..................... hin.ror 
job& or • .,...... ........... "".,.. .. "'_ opponunltieL No .... poinuncnI-.-y.joot .aIIt· ... ca-_ CcoIcr. Free. 

J:tep. .. - WOlUUNO IN nIE U.s. : PllACJ'ICAL TRAINING FOR 
F· I ST\JDI!HTS. ~ _ ... _ "oppIy.job-..h ....... ies. 
inea:vicw'-I""""'" and 0Ihet I'eIOUf'a:IIO ..... you in ohcainin, 
__ ....... .....-. car..S-.... C_. 
.:..,.....,:tIp.a-CSE70 ____ byo.r,Oil .. spioIlOASIS 
ANNEX (0l0I_) e...,. r • ...,. Md 1'hunday. F ..... 

come to OASIS' Social xicnte Workshop. We wlJlleach you how 10 
synlMsile and mlsterallthe m3ttri.1 you have been Icaminllhls quaner. 
OASJSAnnu .. 

WEDNESDA Y. FEBRUARY 14 

1:.lOp.m. .. :tep. ... - DROP· IN ADVISING flOURS ' F ... help findin, 
desirable ~'Himc employment. detumlnin, career loals. ie:l.'t'hinl for 
jobs or CJlpklrin, profeulonal (If paduac Khooi opponunities. No.p-
pointment necessity. juSi ..... Lk· ln. Carter Services e enlCl'. free. 
2:.."SOL-ON CAMERA: PRAc.1'ICING INlllRVIEWING SKILLS · 
Sharpen your inlfnlie .... in' skills by s«in, .nd Marin, yourxlf on 
\lKSe:oc.pe. Receive fccdt.ck (rom DItter job seekers in this &fOUP won· 
shop. ~m:tuishe ; Inkn' lCwin, Skills ~1lftshop . Career Services Ce:n· 
let. FlU. 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY IS 

11: ........ ·l:OIp. .. - }ewish Campus Centers InrormatKxl Table in 
Revelle Piaza. Corne: and metI Rabbt 0001 Sioouck. duutor of the 
Jewi§h Campus CenlCl'S at UCSD. Thl5ls a way to ,el information .bo\n 
Jewish nfe on campus. 

11:.lOo.1IL-mE MARKETABLE RESUME WORKSHOP. Lc:Im ho", 
10 COdJlNCt a swe-of-the-an resume that will make you Stand Qt.It (rom 
the trOWeL Carm- Services Cenler. Fru. 

I:JOp. .... :OOp. .. - DROP· IN ADVISING HOURS: For help nndi., 
dcsira~e pan·1ime empk>yment. de:tmnininl CiUCtt pis. :sean:hin. for 
joI>s ... "'plorin, prot . ...... 1 "" pod .... schoof opponunities. No 
appoi.nlmenl necesSll')', juSl .... alk~ln. Catftt Services Centrr. Free. 

J : ..... a-MEDICAL SCHOOL: WHAT APPUCANi'S FOR 1991 
ADMISSION NEED 10 KNOW. AclmIuIon. poIicie ... pplic.t1on 
RrlIfJleS, and selection 01 schools wil\ be diJCuJSC:d. Career Services 
Cen ..... Multi·Purpose Room. 

.:.." ... ·5:G1p. ... -CSE 10 POUP Morin, byGII)'GU"spie" OAS IS 
ANNEX (Old Book ..... ) • ...,. Tuesdoy ond Thundoy. Free. 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16 
1I:J1o.-.-Itm!RVIEWING SKIU,S WORKSHOP. Do you ..... 
ilelp in proporin, for job interview.? Car<er SeN .... Cen .... will prov ... 
tips on the bell .... ys 10 ptelenC )'OUr qualifICations and what kind of 
iMavicw qucSlKlnS to e:..pca. CaRer Services Ccnccr_ 

1:Jtp. ..... :OOp. .. - DROP. IN ADVISING HOURS: fO< ilelp nndin, 
desirabie puI-dme cmploymeru. detcrmininl career JOIIs., IUl't'hin, (,. 
job& ... explorin, pro(euionaI or "....... ",hoof opponunities. No 
Ilppointmenl DtCeSIIIy. juSi waJk-in. CM'Cef Services Center. free . 

SERVICES & WORKSHOPS 

MONDAY. FEBRUARY 12 

. :JOa. .. · IO:IIra.a.-Bipoiar Group. This J10UP is for students who 
""vel>e<n diaP>tedlShI.ln •• Bipolll'disorder ondaro bein' ........ for 
same:. Issues addresJed wUl be copinl with the past. pruenr. and flHLIR. 
.nd livlnl with rtf wilhout medkadon. Led by Dan M~ and l.indSly 
Calderon. Call Don " 5)4.1519 for information snd sian·up. R •• el" CoI",e Provost'. Oft"tCC. 
IO:JIII.IIL-12:t1o.a-LAllNOICHICANOlltERAPYGROUP.Thi. 
IP'OUP deals with issues of ItJf..dou bl.. and inaelJ"ldn, \larious uptCtI 0( 
U"inl: ptRrtlS. (wly.lOCw relarlonships. We wiU worktowud thcaoal 
o(a,jnwninl Jludenc prodUCIi\lily . .I..ed by Dan Munoz."34-1579. Call 
Dan fOt information and siln-up. Revelle Provost 's Buildin .. 

12:.." .. -2:tep. ... -<lA Y AND LESBIAN PEER COUNSELING. 
Haove .. question? Wanl someone to taJk to? Need. supportive cnviron-
men,? Drop by .... W ...... ·s Retoura: Cen .... (Price Cen .. r ) ,.colI5)4. 
2023 for an indivkSuaI appoinurcnl wuh I trained pecr«lUn~kx . 

3:00p .... -4:Jt, ... - ASIANIPACIFIC ISLANDER STUDEI'ITS ' 
SUPPORT GROUP. Th;, ~in POUP ;, de>iJOC(l '0 _ .. ,ile 
oonceml of the AsianlPaciflC Islander Sludenls 11 UCSD in a problem-
solvinl and supponive IbI'I06phete. I sues such as academic and Clreer 
oonoems, ramily SyAmlS in,ullural cransilion.sclf identity. and livin, in 
two cultures as Sludents 11'( possible discus ton topics. Led by Jeanne 
Manese. CAJIJeanne.t.534-303.5 forinfonnation. Mountain View LounIC. 

J:OOp.m. ... :.JIp.m.-RED II. Thil PWP is desi,ned for sludents who 
re,ularly enla,., In binge-purse plue:ms but wanltostop lhecycle. With 
Iou of support. students will work both in WOUI of """ps to unde:nwMl 
thc.nudves and to ct-.nle their behaviors.. Ie is generally recommended 
that slUdenb first .nend I RED I croup before comin, 10 this one. Lcd by 
Kalhy Kashima and Kam. Bissen. Call Kathy It .534-358" for infOl'Tflll-
tion and. brief pn:liminary inletVicw be(ott cominltO the IfOUP. Muir 
Apartment Loun&<. 

4:00p ... ·5 :3Ip.m.-CHICANA. HISPANIC. LA TINA SUPPORT 
GROUP. Topics will include: acadcmk modv.tion. WCi$ manalcment. 
reladonship enhancement, and the ch.naln, role: 0( Hispanic women in 
academic. Lcd by Li ..... y Calderon. Call L,ndsay " 534· 3755 for 
Infoonation Ind siln-up. Revelle FormaJ Lounce_ 

TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 13 

1l:000.m..12:JOp.m.- COPING wrru CHRONIC ILLNESS ANO 
PAIN. This croup is ror saudcnl! deaI!n, with chronic illness or pain in 
lheirown livcsorin the lives ofsiJllirtCanl othc:rs. Topics 10 be adc1ressed 
include pain/stress mana,cment te<:hnMll)(s. handlinl depression and 
loss. dc.linl with medical IIatment. and develop"', support sySlemS. 
Copin, skill dcVC'~1 and a supportive environmenl will be emphl· 
sized. Lcd by Jeanfte Manese and Carol LeBoeuf. For • ~liminlt)' 
appoinlmml before corninl to the poop please call Carol al .5J4..02.56. 
1000GH. 

1I: ........ I :OOp. .. -GAY AND LESBIAN PEER COUNSELING. 
Have I quntion'? W_ someone 10 talk IO? Need a ~upponivc environ-
menl? Drop by the Women 's RcSOUt't'e Cenlef (Price: Center) or caU 'J4.. 
2023 for an Indl\lktuallppoinrment whh • trained peer counselor. 

1:1Op. .. ·1:3Ip._BLACK WOMEN'S SUPPORT GROUP. An 
infonnaJ JI'OUP which meets .. «kly 10 enbancc lhe academic. personal 
and IOCIal uperienctol81Kk women SIOOcntS. Led by Squilla Luke and 
ClysW Shannon. ColI cry"" or Equilla" 534·37 5~ rorinf""""uoo .... 
sip-up. Revelle. Formal Lounae. 

l :00p. ..... :..,. ... -Slll£SS MANAGEMENT WORKSHOP. Thi' 
workshop will focus on itKfUSlnl your .wareness ot che effects of strtss 
on fOAII nfe and leamin& skills 110 m&naae StftSI (c. I .• time rNnIacmtnt. 

~lualion. qnhivcstills).Jt il recommended daat: you puticipalC in this 
'MJfbhop berore you f .. 1 ovnwhdmodby ........ Lcd by Ka,hy iWllimo. 
Call Ka,hy .. 534-3585 for inforrnotioo 

l:JOp. .... :tep. .. -<lRADUAre MEN'S AND WOMEN'S TIlER· 
APY GROUP. A weekly poup for JfMIuUe 51_IUS inlC~MCd in 
cxpklnnl relldonships. academic/professional issues, and penonal 
........... Lcd by MIriom fosupovici. 5~2SS. For Informodon ond • 
Iftliminary inlCn'icw bcfcn comins 10 the JIVUP. call Mm.,. at the 
...... ...- number. 1003 GH. 

4:t1p. .. -5:J1!o. .. -SOCIAL SKILLS WORKSHOP. Thi. _ wiU 
fOCUI on devckJpinJ stills for ...mnl willi ocher peopk. L"OOY'CnAtionI.. 
_.-os. ... _roI _ in .... "" Lcd by LindIIy Calderon 
... E_"""'. Cau Lindsay .. '34-3755. or E_1I5:J4.3,1j,\ ror 
_ . ....... Ior ................. 

. :"... .. ,,:tep. .. - 1lIERAPY GROUP FOR GAY MEN. A conn· 
tItntlaI therapy ........ fur .............. ., .... """ .... IIY ond iii ... ... 
men de!J,ned to address concuns relMed eo aex..a1 orienUbOn (c ... . 
"-u •• ,",L" ,.latIonship i .. _ ...-In, in tlto py ....-y. 
........ ·,. ___ 1. lAd byDovid __ ColI DoriIIII5)4.3917 
ror. brief .ppofntmenl lid ... comi ........ _ . 302 We. __ •• 

9 

S: ..... m..l. :.!Op.m.-ASSERTIVENESS TRAINING WORKSHOP. 
This V!'ort~ iJ desi&ned 10 improve one's effecuvencss in communi' 
c'llni rechnl~ .. nnts. lind needs. le::un to say " no." make m,UC5ll.. stand 
up for your ri,hu. Led by E4ullh, Luke. Call Equlil3 lit ')4..()249 fot 
infOl'Tniltion. 100) OH. 

WEDNESDA Y. FEBRUARY 14 

11:Jtp. .. ..2:IIp. ... - RED III (RECOVERI NG FROM EATING DIS· 
ORDERS) GROUP. This JfOUP II for siudenu who art beyond rtlular 
pauenu 0( binJ(inl. diecin,. or pur,inl but ..".110 ""'ani to continue their 
self--de\lc:1opmen1 throup Increased lcvelJof sh3nnl and 'roll. The crouP 
wilileam loexptricnce feclinpof JlUICt inlirmcy and self·acccp"nce 
Lcd by Berty Harju with Lu. Dittrich. Call Beverly ;II '34-6493 ror 
Informacion and to siln up bcf~ cornin& to the. croup. 1003 GH. 

. :..,. .. ":oo,,.m.-GA Y AND LESBIAN PEER COUNSELING. Ha .. 
• qUCSDon? Want someont W) talk 101 Need a suppor1JlIe en\lironment? 
Drop by the Wome,, 's Resource Cenler (Price eUler) 01 c:tll ~34-2023 
for lin individual appointment with a trained pec.rcoun~lor. 

S:.lOp. ... 1:00p .... - RED I (RECOVERING FROM EAllNG DlSOR· 
DERS)GROUP. This is I psycho-edUC:ltH.lfW worUhop forRudenl! who 
w;ant 10 become more aWl« of their e .. cin, habitS and ho ... ,hey may be 
tri&J(red and maintained. H.bit~btuklnl techniques., bulldin& sc:1f..cJ-
teem, asscnion Ulininl. and other copinl methods will be tlUlhl and 
practiced. Lcd by Diane Same" and I peer counKkx". Call DIane at ~~ 
J03S if you arc inltrutcd in joinin& lhe poop btfort cornin, to lhe P'OUP. 

6:Jt,. ... -I: ...... -LESBIAN AND BISEXUAL WOMEN 'S SUP· 
PORTGROllP. We're. weekly. conftclentw ctrop.in JTOUP for women 
Intc:resred IndiJCtlJs.in, personal concems and social lnues In acomfon· 
able. supponivccnvironmcnl. Drop by the: Women 's Rcsouru CenlCf 
(Price Cen,er). orc"15)4.2023 or 534-)155 ror...,.. information. Led 
by Cheli and Sue . 

7:00p.IIL- SahaJ' YOla meaina . l...ect~cdiat:ltion. Learn 1«h-
niquel 10 reduce SftU ,oct achte\le balance .nd peace. De~il'. can 211. 
4913 eves. Price Cenler, Santa Barbara Room. 

THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 15 
11: ......... Il~A Y AND LESBIAN PEER COUNSELING. 
Have a qucs.tk>n? Wanl IOIT1COnc 10 talk 1O? Need • supponi\le environ· 
mcnf? Drop by the Women ' s R~ Cenacr ( Price' Center) or t.U ')4..-
202.3 for an indivkSuallppointmcnl with I trained pecrcounseiot. 

J :OIp ...... Mp.m.-GROUPFORUNMOllVATEDAND PR<JCRAS. 
TINATING SnsOENTS. A poop ror students ... ho find it difflCu.1I 1O 
ndyoraet swted on the wririn,ofpapen.nd whofeelthatschool isnoc 
' ile pIa<e for them" tlti. ,ime. Lcd by by Hu,h Pa .... 534-3456. R ••• 11e 
ProvOSI 's orr ICe. 

J:JOp.m.-5: ..... m.-COPING SKILLS GROUP. The pi 01 'his POUP 
1$ to unders&and some: of the ..... ys in which emotions. biokJcic.1 moods. 
coaniti\le .uitudots.nd srntepes. as ... ell as. behavioral p:aum,. inlCf"lC1 
lOeichcrcrale. or 10 solve problems. Thil will be an Ktive crouP usinC 
imalery and rehearsal techmqua in poup and I 5I(1f-help book and 
homework bctw«n sessions. Lcd by Beverly Harju and Yvette Mitrani. 
Can Beverly at ~.J4..0493 or Yvmc II SJ4.I12S for infocmation and a 
pn:liminary imervtew beforecominllOlhc: JTOUP. ConrCRnt'e Room.202 
We. 
6:0Ip .... -1:34Ip.oo.---<;AY AND BISEXUAL MEN'S SUPPORT 
GROUP. H,ve' qucstion? WMI5Ot'IltOOe: 10 talk to? Need a supponi\le 
environmenl? Come join us! Led by Mark and Tony. Call O;ivki'l ~34-
1987 forinformalion_ Women's Rnoura: Center. 

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 16 

1:OOp. .... J:JOp. ... -ALCOtfOLANDSUBSTANCEABUSEGROUP. 
If you have everastal "Oo J have I problem'!". chancn ~ you do have 
fcw lhinp 10 talk MJouL Led by Oaa Muno, and Oylll.l Shannon. Call 
Don It S34-"19 for informo'ion. Revelle Provos,', Oft"", •• 
.: ........ -6:00p .... -CAMPUS BLACK FORUM. An i.fonnal di>cus, 
IkwVsuppon JfOLIP which rocUJe:s on issues. concerns and e:..pericnces 
mal affec1 the: qualilY of life or d'f: African~American communilY II 
UCSD. A problem-salvinl and skill·~,lildlnlapprmch is usallO luiS( 
51udcnts in copioa "",ith acllXnvc.soclll, rtl.rionshlp,and family rnatlen. 
Led by Phil Rilphatl ltnd Crys.u.1 ShAnnon. For Idditk>nallnfonn:uk>n. 
call Phil or CrySIaJ al 534-37 ,,~ . Moun~in View Lounp. 

ORGANIZATIONAL MEETINGS 

WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 14 

10:00a.m. .... :00p.ra..- "The: Israel Acuvities Commiuec has an InfOlTT\l-
ItOn Tltblc up In Revelle ptaza.. Come lnd talk with JeWish Sll.Idcnlli about 
kwis.h life on campus and opponunitics ror lIisllmi Ind. 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY t6 

J:GOp. ..... :JOp .... - TOM CRUISEwill ... .,. .. ,henex,DSU MEET· 
ING. but ..".c hope you'll join us anyWlY. We need your inpul (or our 
upcomin, DiJ3bilny Awareness W«k. Price eenler. Beri(eley Room. 

5:00p.m.-Muslim Stude:ol Auociatton Gcne:r.IJ Meeiing" ill bee held in 
lhe Pnce Centcr. Irvine Room. E'IfCI)'OnC is welcome. 

LECTURES & DISCUSSIONS 

MONDAY. FEBRUARY 12 

2: ..... Ift.- Hey.ll·sNational Condom Wcc:k! Celebi'1tc with your mate 
and laminate. Learn all about the c:ondom and oc.btr methods 0( birth 
conuollt an info sen-ion led by fellow Sludent he:l.ith Ildvoc:nes. Free 

~s IOO! Studenc Heahh Services. 2nd noor. 

TUESDA Y. FEBRUARY 13 

1:1Ip. ... - HEALTIlISSUES LUNCHEON SERIES. Join u. for lunch 
Iimcdi~ussionsabouthe:uhhcaR: is.sur.s. Ounl speaker: PhyUisSpcdako 
RN. !'liP. UCSD Natural HiJtocy of AIDS ProjecL Lilht rt(rnhments 
served. Third· La CISA. Free:. 

I:OIp. .... - Hickory dickary doI;k. he felt a tin,linl in hi) BLEEP. Ihc:n 
tM)' both hid (u n. because they used • condom. Hidory dickory dock. 

Ce~brw N .. k>nal Condom week by l.'OOlin, to • binh control inro 
ICssion. Slwdcnl Health Scl'"¥ices. 2nd Ooor. 

WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 14 

I:OOp.m.- Happy VIl(ntine:s Day! Will today be the day yoorrell1tk>n-
ship. shall. we 5ay.enkTftCwdepths? l..ook for fRe Valentines Condoms 
u the Health FitneuFair, 11·2, and 1C11000ha"one ua binhtontrol lnfo 
KJ.lion wM# wc'U taJk lbout.1I methods. Studenl ficalth Services. 2nd 
floor. 

THURSDAY. FEBRUARY IS 

1: ....... -NoI ineeresled in ICxua.l information. but you do wane 10 find 
OUI how 10 like propcrCIte of your body? Come 10 a wdl woman session 
and am aboul pcMc eurns. nutritional tips. Ind inrccUon prncntion. 
S ....... Hc;"'" SeNkes.lnd floor. 
L ........ -Dr. Rio. 101", Kelly. rormer presideN .... W .... _ 
Science: A"""iIIion snd editor of • will -" .. "W ............. U.S. 
_yo and Labor _ Par1icipoDoo." S.-- by .... 1_· 
tionoI .... ilics ond E-.ics FoNm. Price C-. SonIa Qu _ 
F .... 

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 16 

1I:_1:.."a-eom. .1Ii' .... 8o""' i Information _ ond 
......... _ """ __ '*' beldl.....,. The _ .... The 
__ of Warid ........ ,11 be __ ., _ I ........... Price 
Ce_Piua. 



10 CLASSIFIEDS 

To Mark in "Joisey," I Mr. W. Wang, Thanks 
Love you more than for all the total body 
anything. Happy Valen, experiences. I hope there 
tide's Day. ove, Karen. will be more. Will you be 

"" j • . my Valentine? Love ya 
To Paul ('The Picker") , lots. Walla. 
H pp ~nes Day! 

Randy, whe e are you? I 
miss tao nnis and 

Lisa 0 . , I LOVE YOU! ! 
You mean so much to 
me, but sometimes it's 
hard to show. Will you 
be mine? Love, Rick. 

C" 
billiards. ~all me. Rita 

. or 

IT A LIAN CUI S I N E 

BAR· GRill· PIZZA· PASTA 

V 
Happy Valentine's Day 
Presto is offering a special dinner 

for two on Valentine's Day. 

~ 
____ - '( N I G \-I i 

,--- FRIO A 

, evE R '( £GGA£ 
LIVE R ft £leer $1.S0 I 

cial - Miller Ora ~ 
Orln\<.5pe 

-

1025 Prospect Ave., Ste . 250 • 454-9711 • Val idated Parking 

LA JO L L A 

The UCSD Guardian 

say, 
"I'll be your prince, 
Please, just give me a 
kiss. " 
I laughed, and he was 
pissed! 
As time drug on, 
my knees grew weak. 
I planted one upon his 
cheek! 
to my surprise 
he appeared before my 
eyes! 
As time marched on 
he realized what he had 
done. 
He was now a prince -
and too busy to return 
her kiss. 
She got bored and was 
dismissed. 
The question remains, 
"Will she be missed?" 

-Su Ting 

e have each 
go away. Ad 

Jeff, Happy Valentine's 
Day! Just wanted to tell 
you' Je t'aime.lch liebe 
dich, Mahal kita, I wub 
you, I rub you ' I think 
you get the message. 
Love, Lynda. 

Monday, February 12, 1990 

Boulanjarry: To 
it was this coo-

coo business I call 
advertising that brought 
us together. Here's my 
formula for success ' 
You,ness, Me-ness, us' 
ness, we,ness, together, 
ness = profit,ness. Love, 
M.M. 

J aeSu, George, Oliver, 
Perry, Jason, Happy 
Valentine's Day! With 
love, Kathy, Tracy, Suz, 
Holly, Vivian. 

Grizzly Adams, wanna 
do the dishes? You're 

D.M.-Happy Valen, tickling. Wannashave?! 
tine's Day. You make me Will you make a muscle? 
incredibly happy, I love f' t BOINKI e,:'A...oome ou ' . 
you! Karen. You like that. Kiss right 

<!? ," here ... I'IltSo glad you're 
Bagle, I still ca~ spell, ~~ I appy Valen-
but I can still wi5~ on i ~ s Day, oney. I Love 
shooting st :? \ I 
Bitch in IJreaml . \l~ 

............. ~~'-n ~ ~ Q~~~MLS, Happy 
Valentine's Day. Love, hlemln'~ay. From 
your Hugabee Tu sabes quien. 

Just minutes from camPus in Holiday Court 

GALLERY 
Valentine's Day 

Special 

Valentine Special 
Buy a bottle of White Star Moet 

Chandon or at least $25 worth of 
our delicious candies and get 

A FREE ROSE. 
SAN DIEGO'S MOST UN/QUE LIQUOR STORE Bring in someone 

you love and get one 
movie rental FREE! 
Offer good only on Valentine's Day, Feb . 14. 

only at 
Costa Verde Center 8750 Genessee • 450-1766 
Hours: Sun.·Thurs. 11 am-a pm/Fri.·Sat. 11 arn·l0 pm 

2 LOCATIO 

• OUTSTANDING SELECTION OF FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC 
WINES. BEERS & LIQUORS • INTERNATIONAL AND OUT-0F-
STATE NEWSPAPERS. LOTTO . LOTTERY 
• GOURMET FOODS FROM HOMEMADE TO DECADENT 
• BUD'S SAN FRANCISCO ICE CREAM PARLOR 
WE HAVE THE BEST BEST SELECTION IN SAN DIEGO 
• MOVIE RENTALS . POPCORN . IMPORTED CHOCOLATES 

FREE PEUYERY In La JoIlg Golden IrkIng" CUQ on gil Orders of $35 god oy.r 
We pgckgae and IhiD anywhere OPEN: Sun.' Thug 6 gm·MId· 

Fri ·Sgt 6 gm-2 gm • 3251 Holldgy Ct oft VIlIg La JoIIg ·455· 1414 

Monday, February 12, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 11 

LAST CHANCE 
TO HAVE YOUR 

YEARBOOK 
PORTRAIT 
TAKEN! 

FEBRUARY 12·16 
Irvine Room in the Price Center 

8:30 a.m. to 5. p.m. 

• To order your seats 
call 278 -TIXS. 

• For information or group sales 
call 234-5853. 
77ciiCSr~6dsn!'~ 

MA't' COMII'AHf J .. CIU TOWI " 

Funded In part by the James S. Copley Foundation , 
the City of San Diego, and COMBO. Produced In 
cooperallon With UCSD University Events. 

VALENTINE'S DAY FLOWER SPECIALS & 

EE DELIVERY 
ROSES 

starting 
as low as 

$24.99 

TRADITIONAL 
Arrangements 

$18.99 
and up 

per dozen 

Student & Senior Discounts 

WORLD~DEFLOWERDE~RY 
455-9900 

Toll Free Nationwide 
1-800-882-3323 

"Flowers say it best" 

"We work within your budget" 
'lluo locations to serve you 

La Jolla 
FLOWER 
BASKET 

HEART l 
Arrangement 

$34.99 

1 ARRANGEMENTS as low as $4.991 
"My Forever Love" 

Arrangements 

$24.99 
and up 

We specialize in exotic 
arrangements in European 
designs & Balloon bouquets 

ORDER BY PHONE 
& CHARGE IT 

-IJO mi"i"..,m {or free delivery 

8657 Villa La Jolla Dr. (La Jolla Village Square Mall) 
8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 

Prompt delivery 7 days a week • Open daily 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. • Orders must be placed by Feb. 12 for Free Delivery 



. -

12 The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 12, 1990 

A. U C 5 
-Paid Adve,.tisement-

AS PROGRAMMING 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
,-0 FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS: 
• CALL THE A.S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-84331 • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

A.S. PROGRAMMING COMMITIEE MTG. 
TUES., FEB. 13th AT 5:00 PM 
PRICE CENTER CONF. RM. 8 

ATTENTION LOCAL BANDS!!! 
SEND US YOU DEMOS NOW! 

ASUCSD PROGRAMMING AND UE & SA POP EVENTS 
ARE LOOKING FOR A FEW GOOD BANDS! 

PLEASE MAIL (OR DROP OFF) TO MATT/A.s. OFC Q-on 
A.S. FILM SERIES PRESENTS 

"COMING TO AMERICA" 
P. C. THEATRE - 6:30 & 9:0Opn 

TIX ARE ONLY $1.00 
& AVAILABLE @ THE BOX OFC. 

& MAY BE PURCHASED IN ADVANCE OR 
@ THE DOOR 

~~~~~~[!) ~~~~~~ ~~~~ ~[!)~~[!) 
~ A.S. PRESENTS [!) 
[!) CONCERT @ the TRITON PUB [!) [!) @ ~ FRI., FEB. 16th @ 8:00pm [!). 

~ ~ GENERIC PUB SHOW~ @ 
~ [!) W IDJ LEBOWITZ ~ @ 
~ [!J LOOSE BARBARIC LOVE FISH [!J ~ 
~ ~ HELICOPTER & MORE!!! @ ~ 
~ ~oo ~~ OO[!][!J~~@~[!][!J[!][!J[!J[!][!)~~oo 

PRESIDENTAL TASK FORCE ON HARASSMEN1 
TInS TASK FORCE SEEKS TO WORK TOWARD 

DISCOURAGING RACIAL AND SEXUAL INSENSITIVITY 
AND MAKING RACIAL AND SEXUAL HARASSMENT 

COMPLAINT RESOLUTION MORE ACCESSIBLE FOR 
THE UCSD COMMUNITY; AND TO PROVIDE INFO ON 

THOSE OFFICES AND ORGANIZATIONS AT UCSD 
WlDCR SERVE THESE INTERESTS. WE SEEK 

STUDENTS TO WORK WITH THE TASK FORCE. 
CURRENT WORK IS BEGINNING ON SEXUAL 

HARASSMENT ISSUES. 
FOR MORE INFO. CONTACT AUGGIE OROZCO OR RUBEN 

DURAN IN THE A.S. OFFICE· 534-4450 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 
GOI.DEN KEY HONOR SOCIETY ADOPT A SWEETHEART! When you buy one 
carnation, a second noweris sent to a senior citizen in your name on Valentine's Day. Rowers 
on sale in the Price Center Plaza Feb. 12, and 13 from 10-3. COSl- $1.50. 
LESBIAN AND GAY ORGANIZATION will by holding a Valentines Day Social on Wed., 
Feb.14th from 4:00pm -5:30pm in the Revelle Formal Lounge. For more info., call 5344297. 
SOCIETY OF WOMEN ENGINEERS -Interviewing Skills Panel: Thurs., Feb. 15th,6pm 
in the PC Santa Cruz Rm. A panel of company representatives will answer questions 
concerning interviews. Refreshments wiD be served. 
INTERNATIONAL CLUB is sponsoring a Talent Show on Sun., Feb. 25th and is currently 
searching for new talents. If you (and your friends) can sing, dance, teU (good) jokes, juggle 
or do anything at all, then this is your chance! Winners will receive 1st, 2nd, and 3rd place 
prizes and a chance to perfonn at the 1nt1 Ctr. Friday Cafe. For more info., leave a message 
for Armin or Linda at x4373O. Dead6ne to enter is Wed., Feb. 21. 
NATIYE AMERICAN STUDENT AI.LlANCE -Are you American Indian? Interested in 
American Indian issues? If so. come to the next meeting of NASA! We have lots of new ideas, 
and would love your help in seeing them come to life! Join us on Thurs., Feb. 15th from 4:30 
- 6:30pm in the Davis/Riverside room off the Library Lounge, Price CIf. For more info., call 
587-9309. 
INTERNATIONAl. royncs AND ECONOMICS FORUM presents Dr. Rita Mae 
Kelly, fonner president of the Western Political Science Association and current editor of 
Women and PoJjtics. She' I be speaking on "Women, the U.S. Economy, and Labor Force 
Participation." FREE ADMISSION! Thurs., Feb. 15th@ 8:00pm in the PC Santa Cruz Rm. 
JUS.C..Spring Ski Trip to Sun Valley, Idaho goes on sale today at the Boll Ofe! $349.00 
includes great lodging, 5-day lift pass, transponation and more! Only one bus goes. Come 
join us with VCSB, VCI, VCR, VCLA. VCSC and VCD!! 

-------- ............... 
.......... -- -..... /' DON'T MISS " 

// WARREN APARTMENTS' " 
IVALtN1tNES~ DAY DANCE\\ 

/ THIS WEDNESDIf( FEl3. '4TH \ 
I 8PM-' 'PM I N THE COMMONS I 
\ BROUGHT TO yOU BY WAG I 
\ (WARREN APT. GOV'1) ;/ 
\ FOR MORE INFO., 
", CALL MARK 558-' 005 // 

........... /' 
-..... -- ......... 

-----

.- ~ ..... 4fy-' 
• The Ballroo.1I Dance Club Pi esents 
4fy ~ ~'6 ~tHUe 4fy 

on Tu~sday, F~bruary 1.3,1990 from 7-9 p.m. 
• atth~ Pric~ Cent~r Ballroom. No experience I I and no partner an n~ed~d. Frte danc~ 

-. lessons will be giv~n at 7 :15. V 
.... 

4fy Fne Admission! ~d 
• Dnss Casually! I 

• W~'ll b~waiting __ 

• 

• .. for you! .-

... ~-... 
-.-

• 
INTERESTED IN YOUR STUDENT GOV'T? 

HELP RUN THE A.S. ELECTIONS 
WANTED: 

2 STUDENTS - AT - LARGE 
APPLY IN TIlE A.S. OFC., PC 3rd FUX>R W /PATIY 

2 STUDENTS FROM EACH COLLEGE 
APPLY THRU YOUR COLLEGE COUNCIL 0 nIE DEANS OFC 

Monday, February 12, 1990 The VCSD Guardian 13 

L LET I 
--Paid Advertisement-

CHECK OUT 
THE VINYL BLOWOUT 

50 % OFF ALL IMPORT LP'S 
50 % OFF 100's of 

DOMESTIC LP'S 
20 % OFF USED LP'S 

ASSORTED VINYL WANTS YOUR USED CD'S 
BRING THEM IN AND WE'LL BUY THEM FROM YOU 

Assorted Vinyl 
TOPTEN!!! 

1. DEPECHE MODE "PERSONAL JESUS" 
2. PETER MURPHY "DEEP""'''' 
3. B-52'S "COSMIC THING" 
4. MORRISSEY "OUUA BOARD, OUUA BOARD" 
5. DAVID BOWIE "SPACE ODDITY"""" 
6. DAVID BOWIE "THE MAN WHO SOLD ... ",..,.. 
7. DAVID BOWIE "HUNKY DORY"** 
8. PHIL COLLINS "BUT SERIOUSLY" 
9. UB40 "LABOUR OF LOVE 1/" 
10.STONE ROSES "STONE ROSES"""" 

Located in Price Center ~ 
Hours: (0 .. 0) 

Monday - Friday 11 -6 

**On Sale Now - - 12.99** 

LOCATED 
AT THE 
UCSO 

CIW'TS 
CENTER 
ON THE 
REVELLE : 

CAMF'IJS . 

.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ 
ASUCSD/UCB PRESENTS · 

1990 C~qty fJJ.!UL 
THEME: MARDI GRAS/MASQUERADE 

SATURDAY, MARCH 3,1990 
PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 

TICKET PRICES 
PRIOR TO FEB. 23rd - $25/15 STUDENTS 

- $40/20 NON-STUDENTS 
AFTER FEB. 23rd - $30/20 STUDENTS 

- $45/25 NON-STUDENTS 
BLACK TIE OR APPROPRIATE COSTUME 
.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ 

ALL STUDENTS WELCOME TO ATTEND!!! 

STAT-E·OF·THE-
CAMPUS·ADDRESS 

Given By 
STUDENT BODY PRESIDENT 

JOHN RAMIREZ 
and 

COLLEGE COUNCIL 
REPRESENTATIVES 

FRIDAY 
FEBRUARY 16, 1990 

PRICE CENTER PLAZA 
12:15 - 1:00 pm 

Adressing Concerns and Issues 
presently affecting the Students at 

UCSD. 

• 
SPONSORED BY ASUCSD 



Monday, February 12,1990 

The Ultimate Cut! 
~ juzntjt_d' (It a }-f<:U pt ll){)<lU t-d 
r an ~'nLlU; Iiaa ad. Ij'alcltU 
YUak';y &ut JUo#'ro at Jl.l"'j' . rM~ 

nls Cuts .......... $4 OFF 
Reg. $21.00 

Womenls Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $26.00 

With selected stylists 

*PRICES INCLUDE 
graphic CIlt, sllampoo,conddioning 

and professional styling 

I-IAi~ 
G~?FliCS 

457-3334 
8843 Viii. La Jolla Drive 

. [oclred 
In tire [I Jot/II ViI/llge Shopping Center 

SRI SWAMI SATCHIDANANDA 

speaks on 
"Art of Joyful Living and its 
Relationship to World Peace" 

Friday, February 16, 7:30 p.m. 
Scottish Rite Center 

1895 Camino Del Rio, South 
San Diego, CA 92108 

Tickets: $8, available at the door 
SpO/lSor~d by the Integral Yoga Institute. For in/ormation call: 488·5520. 

TRAVEL 
STUDY 
ABROAD 
this summer, student rates 

AUSTRIA, COSTA RICA, EGYPT, ENGLAND, 
FRANCE, RUSSIA, SPAIN, SWITZERLAND 

Great low-cost studenl price. for 3 lo 5 week Iludy programs. 
Languages, art, music, hillory, biology, geology, fashion . 
(Fashion field study will include London, Paris, Florence, 
Lucerne and Rome). Participants musl enroll in alleasl one 
course. Credit through San Diego Mesa College. 

Trip Info Meetinge at Mesa: Spain, Feb. 16, 7 pm, Rm HIl8; 
Switzerland, 7 pm, Feb. 23, C203; COlita Rica, 7 pm, Feb. 28, 
Mar. 26, Apr. 16, Rm H1l7; Paris, 7 pm, Mar. 2, Rm H1l7. 

560-2791 
Cor Cree 
brochure 

The UCSD Guardian 

Walls 
Continued from page 8 
We'rejust like everyone else, with 
the same want and desires." 

"Gilrael," another wailwriter, 
explained: "It lets you get tuff off 
your chest by explaining your 
problems in a creative way. It may 
not make the problems go away, 
but it makes you feel better." 

Psimon i the closest thing the 
current generation of writers has to 
a spokesman. although he would 
deny it. He is also the eldest 
member of the group, having 
started writing in 1985. He has 
become something of a recording 
secretary. 

InPsimon'spossession are short 
chronicles detailing the history of 
the wallwriters, including articles 
and several papers written about 
them, a history that he himself is 
currently working on, and a book 
of highlights from the walls that a 
fellow writer compiled. 

Psimon is particularly sensitive 

Cru"'lhIp~ 
HIRING Men · Women. Su",.".rl 
V.ar Round. PHOTOGRAPHERS. , 
TOUR GUIDES. RECREATION 
PERSONNEL. Excellenl pay plua 
FREE travel , ear_. H_ali. 
Bah ...... , SoUlh Pacffic. Maxlco. 
CALL NOWt Call relu_. 
1-206·736-0775. Ext. 100 N. 

Roundtrip Diego 
.... oabl S J. 
LMV.,.. S J. 
s.. 'r.clsco S II 
H_oIu.. SUI 
MA_I SJJI 

Re51rictKlns do appIyl 
AlHIfa' • .,..,.." ,.".., 
.",..,,,..., ., ......... , 

CoundTrall 
UCSD PRICE CENTER 

(by the PosIOMcc). 

dtl Industries 
Sales and SeIVices 

IBM 
and 

compatibles 

• Normally 1-Day 
ON-SITE service 

• FREE software 
& hardware 
consultation 

• HONEST, friendly 
service 

For more information 

276-1050 

aboutthehook,and is very particu-
lar about who touches it. 

"There is a limited number of 
these books in existence, and I 
want to preserve our history as best 
we can," he said. 

This history has seen some 
abrupt and cataclysmic interrup-
tions. These are the "paint-outs," 
which occur every time the ad-
ministration decides that the walls 
are in need of cleaning. The last 
one occurred in 1987, during the 
winter break, when the walls of 
HSS were covered with a new coat 
of yellow paint. 

"The night before," Psimon 
recalled, "there was a mad rush to 
copy down and preserve as much 
of the work as possible. [t was an 
emotional time for the writers. It's 
hard to watch something so impor-
tant get washed away like that." 

He added that the "painting 
made people touchy, and there was 
a burst of anger in response to the 
painting for about a year after that, 
but the writing has been sporadic 

FEATURES 14 

, It lets you get 
stuff off your 
chest.. . , 

si nce then." 
Psimon noted that the recent 

lack of writing is due to the fact 
that Peeps never write over previ· 
ous material as a rule both out of 
respect to other writers and be-
cause of the practical problems of 
space limitations. 

However, writing is not the 
Peeps' sole form of interaction, 
and Psimonsaid the Peeps see each 
other quite often. They have reun· 
ions, and are now working on vari· 
ous projects for preservation of 
their material between hardcovers. 

Psimon expects the writing to 
pick up again as soon as a new 
generation of potential writers gets 
acquainted with the school, and 
though his wall-writing days are 
just about over, he said he is con-
tinually chronicling the memories 
in his own writings. 

Choose 
a 
life ... 
not 
justa 
career. 

So many choices to make. So many 
things to consider. Is it worth the ellorr? 
Wilt I be happy? W", I be luffilled? 

Fulfillm.nr comes with doing what 
you love and doing It well ... USIng your t.'· 
ents in an atmosphere where personal 
growth Is encour.ged. 

The Paullsts can alter you a "t.. A 
lile at commhmenr to people. Helping the 
lost and alienated lind a spiritual home, US· 
ing radio. television. lilm and other contem· 
porary means to spread the Gospel. 

~king witfl other Christians lor unity and 
seeking a deeper understanding with other 
world religIOn • . 

If you 're looking lor ", . ... not just a 
career, choose tlHl Paulists. 
For mora IrIfannMIon call I ~23S-3456. 

Or write . Falher John F. Duffy. C.S.P.. Paulist Falhers \location OHice 
4' 5 West 59th Street. New York , NY 10019 

Your Decision. Your Choice. 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immediate 

Test Results 
• Pregnancy 

Termination 
• General or Local 

Anesthesia 
• Affordable 

Birth Control 
• Student Discount 

11te College line 
535-1379 

Q;r;t ,L ' l&i6.iJ II c"olce 
Fllmily Plllnning 

Associlltes 
Metficlll CrollP 

Monday, February 12; 1990 The UCSD Guardian 15 

AnENTIONI 
STOCK BROKER 

TRAINEES 
Energetic, growing firm seeking dedicated, 
ambitious professionals. Client-corne-first 

strategies and investment carefully chosen. 

w. furnl.h, 
1. Assistant and client leads 

2. Ongoing training 
3. Management opportunities 
4. Profit sharing 

5. Six-figure income potential 

Maria Bulger 
1-800-688-8989 

San Marino Securities, Inc. 
Carlsbad, Calif. 
Member NASD • SIPC 

GREAT 
DEALS ON 

FILM DEVELOPING 
Get double prints of every color roll-every day! 

Standard Extra 
size large 

12 expo (24 prints) $2.99 $3.47 
15 expo (30 prints) $3.79 $4.39 
24 expo (48 prints) $4.99 $5.95 
36 expo (72 prints) $6.99 $8.43 

Sweetheart Special 
February 5 - 17 

Get 2 beautiful 5 x 7 enlargements for the price of 1! 
Regular price - .99 

Now 2 for .99! 
(Offor good &om color DepUV8 only. No aildes. No limit) 

THE SUNSHINE STORE 
Hours: 

Monday-Friday 7 a.m.-l0 p.m. 
SaturCiay 9:30 a.m.-l0 p.m. 

Sunday 9:30 a.m.-6 p.m. 
Special olso available at the Revelle Sundry' Store. 

LAW AND SOCIETY 
InterdiscipUIUlTJ Minor 

L aw and Society is an interdisciplinary program that emphasizes the complexity and interrelationship oflegal, social and ethical issues in 
their historical contex:ts. The minor is available to all UCSD students 
with a general interest in law as a social institution as well as to students 
considering law-related careers. 

Spring Quarter Course Offerings 
History US 151 American Legal History since 1865 
PhHosophy 162 Philosophy of Law 
Poli Sell04A The Supreme Court and the Constitution 
Poli Sci 1048 Civil Liberties - Fundamental Rights 
Poli Sci I04F Seminar in Constitutional Law 
Soc 140 Sociology of Law 

Law and Society 101 Contemporary Legal Issues: Family and the Law 
Instructor: Susan McCoin 
Tu-Th 4:00-5:20, CSU 001 

D~parrm~nl stamp avaj{ab/~ at 405 MAC 
THIS COURSE WILL DEAL IN DEPTH WITH LEGAL ISSUES 
concerning the family viewed from the perspectives of sociology, history. 
political science and philosophy. It wiJI inquire into about six topics 
including defining the family (e.g., what constitutes a family), should 
there be gay rnarraiges, family violence in the fonos of marital rape, 
sexual abuse, child abuse (e.g., how far should the state intrude into the 
family), and reproduction and sterilization (e.g., abortion, sex-selection 
and eugenics). 
This interdisciplinary course may be applied toward major requirements 
in Sociology and Political Science. 

For further information stop by or call the 
INTERDISCIPUNARY PROGRAMS OFFICE 
405 Matthews Campus (behind the Cashiers Office) 
Phone: 534-1704 

As Director of the Fundamentalism Project for the American 
Academy of Arts and Scicnces, Marty has invited scholars 
from around the world to examine the resurgence of fun-
damntalism within the different religious traditions and 
geographical regions. During his visit to UCSD, Marty will 
discuss fundamentalism as a reaction to encroaching world 
views perceived as threatening and erosive. 

These events are open to all and are presented without charge 
by the Burke Lectureship on Religion and Society, UCSD. 
For further information, please call 75~1716. 

, . 



. ' 

, a 

16 CLASSIFlEDS The UCSD Guardian Monday,February 12,1990 

Classifieds 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Ctassifled advertising Is sold in 1 S-word 
increments. The rale per IS words Is $1 
for students, 53 for faculty and slaff. and 
$4 for others. Payment In advance is 
required; therefore. ads must be mailed 

wilhacbeck(madepayableloTh~UCSD 
Gllardi4n) or presmted in person. Please 
have exaCI change. Deadlines are J p.m. 
Thursday for Monday's piper Ind J 
p_m_ Monday for Thursday's piper. The 
Guardian reserves lbe rlghllo refuse any 
advertising Including. bul nOllimlled 10. 
companionship ads. For more infor-
malion call 534-5416. The GilaI'd"" •• 
UCSD, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides warmth. 
education. Pf1Iyer. socializing. Connect with 
Union of Jewish Students! 502 Matthews; 
east orthe Price Center. Call Rabbi Slotnick. 
534-2521 . (1/4-3/12) 
MUIR HA APPS available thru 2/21. 
Referllli !/ 1105 I. Mandatory meeting: 2/1 
or 2121. Call 534-4200. (1/29-2/15) 

Fi fih College Resident Advisorapplications 
due 2/20/90. Pick up referral at Career 
Services. Job IK)WII049. (2/1-2/15) 
ALL MAJORS-GETPUBLISHEDI! The 
UCSD Journal or Undergraduate Research 
isnowacceptingyouressays. Pleascsubmit: 
research papers, critical essays, expanded 
term papers, or condensed senior or honors 
theses. The deadline is February 15 tho For 
more inrormation call 534-3917 or visit the 
U.S. GllInts oflice in the Price Center_ (2/1-
2/12) 

MUIR HA APPS: Available with referral 
1111051. Mandatory meeting: 2/1 or 2/21. 
Inro: Call 534-4200. (1/29-2/15) 

International House Residcnt Advisor 
applications due 2120. Pick up rererral at 
Career Services. Job IK)WII048. (2/1-2/ 
15) 
WORD PROCESSING. term papers 
experienced dissertation. 7 days a week. 
4.0 English Skills. references. 755-2683. 
(2/5-3/12) 

Just do it! Go to the Health and Fitness Fair 
andjustbehealthy. Wed. Feb 14allhePrice 
Center from 11 -2:00 p.m. Find out which 
has more nutrients. a twinkie or an apple? 
How much percentage body rat do you 
have? Questions about safer sex? Go to the 
Fair and Just be Healthy. (2/8-2/12) 

Capture your Valentine's hean with a 
delicious SWEET ARRANGEMENTS 
cookie bouquet! Free campus delivery. 546-
0440. (2/1-2/12) 

Get involved! Students for Pro-Choice meet 
Wednesday, 7:30 p.m. in Berkeley Room 
or the Price Center. (2/12) 
SATCH, Students Allied Toward 
Community Health. is having a bake sale 
this Wednesday. February 14andThursday. 
February 15 rrom I 1:00 a.m. - 2 p.m. at the 
Price Center Plaza. All proceeds go to the 
Red Cross in Tijuana for medical supplies. 
(2/12) 

Reduce depression/stress. Improve 
concentration wilhSahaja Yoga meditation. 
Learn techniques to achieve balance, peace, 
and well-being. Price Center - Santa 
Barbara. Wed. 7 p.m. Details: 271-4983 
evenings. (2/12) 

Congratulations to the Gamma pledge class 
or Phi Kappa Theta. May your rratemity 
association be long and rewarding. (2/12) 

Thank you AOPi. your serenade wanned 
our heans. (2/12) 

Wanted: talents for Intemational Star Search 
'90 (2/25/90). Enter berore 2/21. Contact 
Armin X43730. (2/12-2/15) 

NICARAGUA - UCSD students speak 
about their cxperiences there Wednesday 
Feb. 14th. Price Center. Gallery A. If you 
were there. would like to go, or just inter-
ested, slop by. Kerry 546-1464. (2/12) 

Peace Corps? Call us coileCL (213)209-
7444. (2/12-2/15) 

RISC Spring Trip 10 Sun Valley, Idaho, 
$350. on sale now at Box Oflice. Hurry! 
Just one bus goes. (2/12-2/15) 

UCSD Sailing Team meeting Wednesday 
Feb. 14at6p.m. in Rcc.Cont. Room (2/12) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari Electrologis~ 1200-1 SOO hairs 
per hour. 325 I Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. (61 9)558-4644. (619)226-1 962. 
(1/4-3/12) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal Copy. 
Only $5.95. While you wait. Xeroxes and 
more. Near SL Germains. 452-9949. (101 
9-3/12) 

Typing/Word Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, theses, books. letters, resumes. 
Fast service. Mary Ann 452-9439. (1/16-2/ 
15) 

Vicki's Word Processing Service. Resumes. 
theses, manuscripts, mailing. Accuracy and 
Professionalism guaranteed. Vicki Rushing 
575-\022. (1/16-2/15) 

TYPINGIWORD PROCESSING. One Day 
Service. Free Editing. $ I. 75 per page. Call 
Ann 229-9119. (1/22-3/12) 
WORD PROCESSING - Student papers. 
resumes. Laser printing, spellcheck. 52.20/ 
OS page. Experienced. Reliable. Inpull 
Output. 535-3010. (1/25-2/15) 
Professional theatrical and commercial 
headshots in studio. 72 shots for 560. 
Guaranteed! Also. ponrolios, compo ites 
and on location sports and modeling 
photography. UCSD students call 587-
4874. "Hot Shots" studio on Gilman Dr. (1/ 
29-2/30) 

EXAMINE YOUR LIFE in brier 
psychotherapy. Arrordable. Betty 
Lightstone !/LCS8727. Call 232-125 I. (2/ 
1-2/26) 
Wanted: 30 people 10 losc up to 25 I bs. in 30 
days while earning! Anne 279-4265. (2/5-
2/26) 
Bookkeeping - completc services tailored 
to needs or any small business and 
individuals. Tax Services. 558-7853. (2/5-
2/15) 
Personal Trainer. Learn bodybuilding 
correctly rrom a ~David, 4s(}'90S2. (2/ 
8-2/12) 
Typing. word processing. Tenn papers, 
theses, resumes. Good work, good I1IIes, 
close to school. 453-0592. (2/8-2/22) 

Now featuring fresh 
bret.Ved cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

HOURS: 11-10:30 SUn.-ThuI1. 
11-11 Fri. & Sat. 
LA JOLLA COLONY 
7770 Regents Rd .. Sle. 108 
(In Ven's ~opping Center) 

10 '01 ..... ,' 

),. 
\ N-bf'·O. 

, .. \ loilo 10)00. \/;,.!,.- (010", 
"'.'. 

,.. b<lU. 

. 

U" 

: 
, i-

--------------------------

2 for 1 ===: ..., value FREE. Void \11th OI:ly other offer. Toppings not Included. 
Ono coupon per customer. Expires 2/18/90 

-

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~--------------------------~ 

Papers typed - pick up, drop ofr next day. 
$2.00/page. Mark 458-2779 days 632-5629 
eves. (2/12) 

Desktop Publishing. Technicallilusuations 
and type seuing. Low rates, rasttum-around. 
Paul at RAW-ART 481-3504.(2/12) 

TYPING! II I'll type your term papers etc. 
quickly and inexpensiveiy. Laser printer. 
Call Jennirer: 558-6090. (2/12-3/12) 

WORD PROCESSING-NEXT TO 
UCSD! Resumes. term papers, manuscripts. 
letters-laser printed. Call Marsha 535-
8260. (2/12-3/1) 

WANTED 
Earn S75.00. Subjects wanted for a swdy 
on the efrects of alcohol. If you are a UCSD 
student or non-academic staff. American 
born male of entirely Japanese, Chinese, or 
Korean descent, call Scripps Clinic and 
Resean:hFoundationformoreinronnation. 
.554-2192. (1/4-3/12) 

WANTED: Childcare for 2 girls; 3 & 6. 
Desire enerp:tic, non-smoker with own 
uansponation 10 work 20-25 houn/Week. 
Afternoon and evenings. Light 
housekeeping. Rererences. Bird Roele area 
(laJolla). 454-4992. (2/1-2/12) 

TOWING DISPATCHER WANTED -
UCSD area nights and weekends. Should 
be conducive to study. ALSO HAVE 
POSITION FOR DRIVERS AND SALES 
REPRESENTATIVE. Flexible Hours call 
450-1818. (2/5-2/15) 

Wanted: 75 people KIiWII about losing 
those unwanted pounds and inches. Call 
Anne or Lynn 569-5298. (2/5-2/15) 

Tum your foreign contacts inlOtopS. Private 
San Diego school with innovative English 
Language/Spons program needs help 
developing promotional mailing lists tOt 
Europe. Asia. Middle East, Latin America. 
558-1644. (2/5-2/15) 

Singer. For an established rock: band with 
fuwf'e gigs. Call Dave 792-2272. (2/8-2/ 
12) 

Child care 7 and 5 yearold. Ciose 10 UCSD. 
S6 an hour. Mon, Wed 12-5p.m., Tues. 
Thurs I :30-5 p.m. Need Car! 3 afts could 
work too. Call 587-3610. (2/8-2/12) 

Part time SURVEY TAKERS for Marketing 
research. Must like meeting & talking with 
people! No sales. Flexible part-time hours. 
Weekly pay. Call Keith at 293-3719. (2/8-
2/12) 

Earn S2OO0-$4000. Searching for 
employment thai permits working your own 
hours. but still Challenging enough for your 
entrepreneurial skills? Manage programs 
for Fortune .500 companies. Earn $2000 w 
S4OOO. Call (800)932-0528 ext. 21 or(800) 
950-8472 ext. 21. (2/8-2/12) 

Enthusiastic studenl callers wanted now. 
57/bOnus, on campus, flexible hours. Call 
today 587-1585. (2/12-2/22) 

MODEL SEARCH -Interview & screening 
on campus Wednesday, February 14, II 
a.m.- 2 p.m_ in multi purpose room. No 
experience necessary. Bring recent 
SnapShoL See display ad rorNouveau Model 
ManagemenL 453-2727. (2/12) 

Full Set .................. $17.95 reg. $25 
FlIII ........................ $l1.95 reg. SIS 
FlIIIrgIIu ............. $29.95 reg. $35 
IllnlcurtlPldlanS14.95 reg. $18 
FlIIIrgIIu liN ........ $14.95 reg. $20 
Silk Wrip ............... $24.95 reg. $30 

[}2.00 off any new repai~ 
Firsl-time cfienls only • Expires 2Il2I¥J 

12jl GImet. Pec:IfIc Belch 
274-8205 

(batween FaMi & Evens) 
Walk," wek:ome. Mon.-Sal. 9 am-7 p.m. 

MALE MODELS - wanted for pan-or rull-
time employment. Noexperiencc necessary. 
Not a scheme. no fees charged - ever! Top 
fees paid. Fun. well-paid opportunilies. 
Oexible hours . For delails without 
obiigation, send sample photo(s) (amateur 
OK): Inter Photo, Box 2893. La Jolla CA, 
92038. (2/12-2/26) 

FOR SALE 
FUlon. beautiful color, special frame, 
unused. S95, can deliver. Also queen bed 
never used. 284-6222. (1/25-2/26) 
1978 Oldsmobile Cutiass Supreme. 
Excellent condition. Runs well. 72.000 
miles. Call 587-2713. leave message. (2/5-
2/12) 
Classic 1966 Mustang excellent condition, 
reslored by 6-year owner. S2.900 o.b.o. 
leave message al .558-8.533. (2/.5-2/15) 
83 Honda 7SO V45 Magna, 10,000 mls., 
runs greaa: jusl tuned. MUSl ICII now. S800. 
Elliot wk: - .534-3689, Hm. 587-2733. (2/5-
2/12) 
Computer: NEe Lapwp. SIOOO. Very fast. 
Uses 3 1/2" diaD. Greal for library, travel 
and 81 home use. LCD Screen. Maryellen 
558-1703. (2/8-2/15) . 

Help 
give 
babies 
the 
advantage 

Xcel wetsuil. Men M-LExcellentcondition. 
Grealdeal. $70.000.b.o. Call 558-7406. (2/ 
8-2/20) 

Toshiba T- IOOO Laptop IBM Compatible 
w/ Citizen 180.0 printer and Microsoft 
Word processing. I month old. $7SO o.b.o. 
Call Cas.::y at 457-5979. Pencct College 
SlUdent package. (2/8-2/12) 

Apple 21" Workstation Display and Video 
Card for Mac II series. Mint condition. can 
be upgraded w grey scale. Retail $2600. 
AskingSI.590. Bill 755-7418. (2/12-2/15) 

Macintosh 400K disk drive - asking SIOO 
or best orfer. Call Patrick at 457-2072. (2/ 
12-2/22) 

Mattresses ror sale. Twin $50.00 (o.b.o.), 
full $ 100.00 (o.b.a.) BOlh really 
comrortable. Call Kalll at 259-7 145. (2/12-
2122) 

1978 VW Sciroccowith '84engine. 4 speed. 
Well-maintained. Have receiplS. $ I ,800 or 
blo. 483~5 II. (2/12) 
CD Player. Yours for only $40.001 Call 
452-8039. (2/12) 
Red futon couch &: chair. Never used. SI SO 
or best offer. 224-9761. (2/12) 

CALL THE 
AD BROS. 

HOTLINE FOR 
EFFECTIVE 

ADVERTISNG 
534-3466 

The UCSD Journal of Undergraduate Research 

GEr PUBLISHED 
We will accept your research papers for 
any major. in any field, including critical 
essays, expanded term papers, condensed 
senior or honors theses. 

We will also publish photos. This year's 
theme is San Diego Fountains_ Entries should 
be black and white photos, 5x7. 

........... " ............. 
U, ...... .",. 1ft 1M fJrI. C •• fw. 

Any questions? Dial 534,3917, 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279 .. 5955 
D' Agnessa Insurance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 
San Diego, CA 92 I I I 

ALSO: HOME/CONDO OWNER INSURANCE 

I 

Monday, February 12,1990 

I HOUSING 
Room ror Rent 2 blocks rrom campus in 
large, all-student house. Own room, private 
pool. fireplace. kitchen. washer. dryer. Non-
smoker, M/F Available early March $3501 
month + 1/6 utilities (+ sec. and first and 
last). Call Sandlll or Dale 452-2222. (2/5-2/ 
15) 
Male, under25 to share stud, 2 br. oceanfront 
condo. Del Mar. furnished.ABP, negotiable. 
259-1305. (2/5-2/15) 
Own Room in 4 bedroom house UTe area. 
Rides tolfrom campus. S270/mo. +1/4 udl. 
4~8tl6. (2/8-2/12) 

Roommate wanted in PadficBeach. lfyou 
are responsible, clean, happy. drug free , 
mellow and looking for a roommate with 
similar qualities then call 483-2057. We 
will share expenses. $330. (2/8-2/15) 

Roommate wanted to share large two-
bedroom. one-bath apartment. Near UTC, 
Big Bear. Non-smoker. S357/month, 1/2 
utilities. Available immediately. Call Jeff, 
S46-06SO. evenings or leave message. (218-
2/12) 

Need a place for Spring Quarter1 Male 
roommalewanted in Milll Mesa area. Have 
own room. pay only $275 + 1/4 utilities. 
Cal l Josh fordetails. 578-8041. (2/12-2/1 5) 

La Jolla house forrenl, Spring quarter Aprii 
I - June 30. 3 bedrooms, I 3/4 baths. 
Completely rumished. WID, microwave, 
dishwasher. 5 minute walk from UCSD, 15 
minutes from Blacks beach. Fenced yard. 
SI SOO/month. SI SOO security deposit. Call 
Ann or David. 534~I04(w), S46-7602(h). 
(2/12-3/1) 

Roommate wanted to share Pacific Beach 
condo neat beaches March IsL Female, 
responsible, nonsmoker; Large 2+ bedroom, 
2 1/2 bath. gaqae.laundry. patio, balconies, 
light; S4SO, 1/2 utilities. (2/12) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Found on campus: 6 month female 
dobentlllll. H. red collar, but no lap. Call 
Grant. Pl:ror Alex 8148.8-5179. (2/8-2/12) 

PERSONALS 
Muir Commu",r Breakfasts are MOIIdays 8-
10 a.m. in Cloud's RCSL Just SOcenlS! (1/29-
2/15) 

Panicipate in the Muir Commuter Council! 
Meetings: Mondays 3:30-4:3Op.m. Provost' s 
Conference Room H8tSS 2148. (1/29-2/15) 

SlY "Yes" to warren College. Be an 
Orientation Leader. Have fun, meet exciting 
people and Be COOL! Applications available 
NOW at the Wanen Dean's offICe. (2/12) 

AtICntion: Triton Yearbook Staff i. lookill8 
for enthusiastic people for our photolraPhy 
ond darkroom staffs. If interested_ come to 
meetings on Wednesdays 6:00 p.m. or call 
S34-7491 and leave a messaac.(2/I-2/26) 

CADOSAN LUCAS SPRING BREAK-April 
10-14, $346.00 double occuponcy, includes 
hotel •• ir. etc. PROFESSIONAL TRAVEL 
481-1264. (2/1-2/26) 

Revelle Semi-rennal is coming Feb. 24th. 
Tickets 31 box offICe. $21.50. Aner Feb. II 
S23.00. (2/1-2/20) 

Christine Marchetta - let's make a difference. 
Give your input on what UCSD needs. Come 
Thursday. Feb. IS 12-1:30 to Student Alumni 
Association Orientation . Price Center, 
Berkeley Room - April (2/8-2/15) 

Doorknob. Doorknob. J am the master. Nor-
Cal is the best. Brandonian rulcs.later Hoaies. 
(2/8-2/12) 

Ski Mammoth. Have great condo need people. 
Pres. Weekend Tom 558-3623. (2112) . 

RISC Sprin, Trip to Sun Valley. Idaho. S3SO' 
on sale now at box omce. Hurry! JUSt one bus 
goes. (2/12-2/15) 

Buy a balloon bouquet for your Valentine 
Wednesday on Revelle Plaza 11 -3. Free 
delivery on campus. Proceeds benefit anhritis 
research. AOPi. (2/12) 

Suprise that cenain somcone by buying 
Valentine rosesallhe PrIce Center on Feb. 13-
14. (2/12) 
It's not too latc to be COOL! Say "Yes" to 
Wanen Collcge and be an Orientation Leader. 
Pick up your appl ication in the Warren College 
Dean's office. NOW! (2/12) 

Intercollegiate Update ... 
Golf 

Division II Cal State Domin-
guez Hills edged UCSD, 299-302, 
at Los Verdes Country Club on 
Friday. 

Devin Thomas led the Tritons 
with74, three over par. Mike Rein-
hardt and Scott StringfeJlow each 
shot a 75. Campbell Waldrop added 
a 78 to round out the UCSD scor-
ing foursome. 

CSUDH's Jeff Manare was the 
medalist with a score of 73. 

The UCSD Guardian 

The Tritons will face Pomona-
Pitzeron Monday and La Verne on 
Wednesday, both on the road. 

Men's Volleyball 
The Trilonsjumped out to a 15-

2 win in the first game against UC 
Irvine on the road but dropped the 
next three for the loss. 

Consequently, their record fel1 
to 0-8 on the season. Irvine im-
proved to 1-6 with Saturday's vic-
tory. Nate Brown led UCSD wilh 
12 kills. 

Xtramural Xtras ... 
Cycling 

UCSD placed third in the over-
al1 standings at USO this weekend. 
Two Tritons placed in the top ten 
of Saturday's crilerium. 

Sunday, Mark Wineman, Pat-
rick O'Neal, and Marc Clevenger 
finished in the top 120fthe men's 
"A" division. 

In Ihe men' s "B", three UCSD 
racers placed among the leaders. 
Dan Haley took Ihird in men's "D" 
division. 

SPORTS 17 

Women's Lacrosse 
Claremonl CoJlege scored three 

goals to UCSO's two in overtime 
to defeat the Tritons. 10-9. Satur-
day afternoon al Warren. UCSO's 
Sharon Leibowitz scored fi ve 
goals, including two in overtime. 
UCSO is now 0-2 on the year. 

Rugby 
UCLA proved to oe too much 

for the Tritons, beating Ihe hosts 
24-3 Saturday afternoon on War-
ren Field . 

6 Minute Prints! MILES 
DAVIS 

~UCSD 

See FUJI's new AP5000 Color Copter 
(7be only machine In San Diego County) 

• Prints from color prints 
• Prints from B&W prints 
• Enlargements from slides 

7523 Fey Ave. 
Vons Shopping Center 
459-0696 
Open 6 days a week - gone fiShing on 
Sundaysl 
W. accepl UCSD ptKChase orde!s 

WHAT: 

WHEN: FEBRUARY 20TH- 23RD 
TIME: 9:00 a.m.-4:00 p_m_ 

-

8 p.m_. Feb_ 24 with the 
UCSD Jazz Ensemble 
Benefit concert for UCSD 
Contemporary Black: Arts 
Scholarship Fund 
Concert Patrons SIOO · 534-0670 
Mandeville Auditorium 
GA $35 • Students $10 
UCSD Box Office ' 534-4559 

~~ 

L'\I\'ERSITY 
~ ~ 

"--- ~ 
-r -: ,& 

1;1111"\1111RI 
HOW: Zenith Reps will be available to take your orders 

WHERE: PRICE CENTER PLAZA!!! 

SUPERSPORT 286 
MO. 20/40 

FREE MS DOS 3.3+ 
FREE Carrying Case 
FREE Internal Modem 
FREE Prodigy Software 

MINISPORT LAPTOP 
5 .9 Ib Briefcase Size 

EDUCATIONAL PRICE 
MO.1 $1395.00 
Mo. 2 $1895.00 

FREE- Carrying Case 
FREE- 2" Diskette 10 pack 
FREE- DOS 3.3+' 
FREE- Data Transfer SIW & Cable 

ZENITH WEEK ONL Y 
Mo. 1 $1235.00 
Mo. 2 $1730.00 

SUPERSPORT MO. 20 LAPTOP 
20MB Hard Drive 

Immediate Delivery 

EDUCATIONAL PRICE 
$1775.00 

FREE MS DOS 3.3+ 
FREE Carrying Case 
FREE Internal Modem 
FREE Prodigy Software 

ZENITH WEEK ONL Y 
$1545.00 

EDUCATIONAL PRICE 
Mo. 20 $2600.00 
Mo . 40 $2899.00 

ZENITH WEEK ONL Y 
Mo. 20 $2370.00 
Mo. 40 $2680.00 

Immediate Delivery 

Immediate Delivery 

Z286 LP/12 DESKTOP 
FTM VGA Color Monitor 
40 MB Hard Drive EDUCATIONALPRICE 

$2650.00 
FREE MS Windows 
FREE MS Mouse 
FREE MS DOS 3 .3+ 
FREE Internaf Modem 
FREE Prodigy Software 

ZENITH WEEK ONL Y 
$2,370.00 

Immediate Delivery 

Z386 SX DESKTOP W/2MB RAM 
FTM VGA Color Monitor 
40 MB Hard Drive 

FREE MS Mouse 
FREE MS DOS 3.3+ 
FREE Internal Modem 
FREE Prodigy Software 

EDUCATIONAL PRICE 
$2999.00 

ZENITH WEEK ONL Y 
$2,785.00 

Imm'ediale Delivery 

All Zenith Computers and Accessories are available to sell at the Univer~ily Uookstot·e . l11e special pricing is available only 
during Zenith Week. For more information please call HOlY MalhenY;'I1 Zenith Data Systems 2 1 3-695-07~1 or call U.C.S.D. 
Uookslore. Zenilh products are available to U.C.S.D. Siudents. Faculty. and Starr. Pholo ID must be shown. Purch •• e orders 
are accepted (rom Department._ 



18 SPORTS 

University of Wisconsin 
Platteville 

ft.' V 

See Castles in the Air 
And learn your way around the world 
" If you have built castles in the air, now put the 
foundations under them." '""""" O ... 1d n..-u 

Study in London for $4325 per semester. Includes air fare, 
resident tuition, field trips, home stay with meals. 

Study in Seville, Spain, for $3625 per semester. Includes resident 
tuition, field trips, home stay witn meals. No foreign language 
proficiency required . 

Summer program also available in London. 

For further information, write or call: 
Institute for Study Abroad Programs 
308 Wamer Han 
Univenlty ofWillconsin·Platteville 
1 Univenity Plaza 
Platteville, Wisconsin 53818-3099 
608-342·1726 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISIS' 

WFVE GOT 
THE CURE! 

novelty Items. gift wrapping. balloons. greeting cards 

4.305 La Jolla Village Drive 
(next to Carlos Murphy's) 

453-9993 
OPEN DAILY 

The UCSD Guardian 

Men's Lacrosse 
Butchers ASU 

The UCSD men's lacrosse 
team improved to 5-0 this week-
end when it destroyed Arizona 
State on the ...... ad, 19-7. 

Attackmen Sven Haynie (4 
goals, 6 assists) and Steve 
Grossman (5 goals, 3 assists) 
led the Tritons. ASU was the 
Tritons' first division opponent. 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulations: 
• Send the entry on al/ B1I2" by II" 

sheet of paper along with your name, 
year in sehaol.hometown, college you 
attend at UCSD . major, address. and 
phone numbertoSports Editor, UCSD 
Gllardian , B'()16, La Jolla , CA 92093. 
You can also drop it off in the sports 
editor' s box at the Guardian office, lo-
cated on the second floor of the Old 
Student Center, across/rom the gym. 

• All UCSD students. staff, andfac-
ully are eligible to enter. except for 
Guardian staff members and employ-
ees of BJ's Chictlgo Pizzeria.. 

• The person who comes up with the 
most correct entries, as determined by 
the judges, will be declared the grand 
prize winner and will be recognized 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 ViII. La Jolla Dr. 

The Comic Gallery 
675-B N. Broadway 
EscondIdoStf~~5 

country Comer c.nter 
BroadWay .. Washington 

(619)745-5660 
4424 Balboa Ave. 
San~,CA92117 

c_ of 1oIboa. ~lIont Dr. 
·Next to Lucky Market· 

(619)483-4853 

Monday, February 12, 1990 

UCSD Xtramural Club Sports ... 
.Mw .wh2 Diu'. ~ 
Cycling Crilerium at SDSU Sat.-Sun. TBA 
Lacrosse (M) at Loyola Marymoullt Sunday 1:00 p.m. 
Lacrosse C'N) UCSB Tourney at UCSB Fri .-Sun. All Day 
Rugby OMBAC at Robb Field Saturday All Day 
Sailing PCIYRA at Long Beach Fri.-Sat. TBA 
Ski Racing G.S. #5 at June Min. Saturday TBA 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

whel/ the quiz is primed the following 
week. In the event of a tie, a drawing 
will be held to determine the grand 
prize winner. Thase correct emries not 
selected as the grand prize willner will 
be considered mnners-llp . 

• Only one entry per person . per 
week. Entries must be at the Guardian 
by 5 p.m. 0 1/ Saturday. 

• The grand prize winller will reo 
ceive two $5 gift certificatesfromBl's. 
Runners-lip can obtain a free pitcher 
of either Michelob Drqft or soda when 
dining at BJ's Chicago Pizzeria, lo-
cated in La Jolla Vii/age Square. 

This week's questions: 
1. What fonner NBA player shat-

tered two glass backboards in 22 days 
in 19791 

2. Who won the NBA Slam-Dunk 
Contest on Saturday? 

3. True or false: Moses Malone, 
Darryl Dawltins. and Xavier McDaniel 
all bypassed college basketball and 
went straight to the NBA. 

4. Who is fonner USC basketball 
star Cheryl Miller's brother and what 
NBA team docs he play for? 

5. Magic Johnson and Larry Bird 
brought what respective colleges to 
the title game in 1979? 

6. Happy Hair ton was a fonner 
professional athlete in A) football B) 
basketball C) boxing D) jai-alai 

7. What year did the Portland Trail 
Blazers win the NBA Title? 

8. FonnerCeltic great Bill Russell 
auended college where? 

9. The man who knocked Tyson 
ou! on Saturday has what nickname? 

10. Who scored five goals for the 
UCSD women's lacrosse team in 
Saturday ' s game against Claremont? 

Last week ' s answers: 
1. C) Brooklyn 
2. Two 
3. Jerry Tarkanian 
4. Muhammad Ali 
5. A) Steffi Graf 
6. Nobody 
7. Ron Hextall 
8. C) Cocaine 
9. False 
10. Joe DeFranco 

Last week's winner: 
Carolina Hernandez 
Senior, Third 
Communications 
EI Centro, CA 

Runners-up: None 

Fox Photo. The Photofinisher of 
1989 Pulitzer Prize-winning Photo QUALlTY --· 

PRINTS 
IN l-HOUD ~~ ... 
AT mESE 5 I-UR LAB LOCATIONS 

For more information call 272-1332. 
PACIFIC BEACH 
• 1088 Garnet Avenue 
• 1772-A Garnet Avenue 
SAN DIEGO 
• 6175 Balboa Avenue 
• 8650 Genesee Avenue 
DEL MAR 
• Del Mar Heights Village 

2652 Del Mar Heights 

FOX PHOTO COUPON 

'10 OFF 
VIDEO TRANSFER 
Your Movies to Video 1llpe 
s.-~ on the nexl Video Transfer order (140 00 minimum) you 
lea ... al any fox PhooJ location Exdudes use (J( ocher roup"ns 
Oifer expl.., l ·17·90 COUPON MUST ACCOMPANY OIJ)£R 

~E!Jm:: 

1/2 OFF DEVELOPING & PRINTING film ..... eloplng and 6154 set of print.! from 3Smm . 110. t26 or D'sc color pnnl roll film (fuU frame. C-II process) Coopon reproducti<ln, are not accepIOd. Coupon not valid wkIt ocher o/Im or rtprInt 0<tIers One roll per cuupon Good Ihroo8h 2·17·90 at J/ly lOx PIlOIO 510 .. COUPON MUST ACCOMPANY ORDER \.II 
- ........ e 

FOX PNOTD®l-twI £AIIS 
"For tbe Best Pictures Of Your Life" 

Monday, February 12,1990 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

W.HOOP 
Continued from page 20 

lied 10, I 0, and II each, and Nancy 
Caparaz dished off eight assis ts. 

UCSD's comeback effort on 
Saturday against Colorado College 
- andits 19point lead- fell shorl 
when the Tigers ( 15-5, ranked 16 th 
nationally) short:Circuited the Tri-
ton rally with a press . 

After leading only 28-23 at in-
tennission, the Tigers decimated 
UCSD' s press and extended their 
lead to 59-40 with easy lay ups. 

The Tritons then utilized scor-
ing from six different players to 
get as close as 71 -65 with I : I ° left. 

"We can only concentrate so 

long, playing at the higher level a 
comeback requires," Malone said. 

Young coupled 19 points with 
nine boards, Beaver and Ely scored 
in double figuresagain with 12 and 
10, and Caparaz sank II. 

"The difference in the games 
was our missed layups," Malone 
said " We stopped their [CC] of-
fensive setup, but their fastbreak 
scoring killed us." 

W. TENNIS 
Continued from page 20 
only third set of the weekend, but 
they outlasted CSULB's number 
one doubles team 6-4, 2-6, 6-3. 

As for Saturday 's contest 
against Claremont, the women 

could have simply phoned this one 
in. Behrens and Inaba led the charge 
with 6-1, 6-1 victories over their 
respective opponents. Lynch was 
tested in her match but still held on 
for a 6-4, 6-3 win. 

LaPlante is confident about the 
team's anticipated return to the 
nationals since UCSD was one of 
only two schools from the West 
region which made it to the Divi-
sion m nationals last year. The 
other was Pomona-Pitzer, which 
the Tritons will face next Saturday 
on the Muir Courts. 

The Sagehens beat UCSD twice 
last year during the Tritons ' cham-
pionship season, but were defeated 
in the national tournament before 
getting another shot at UCSD. 

Mid-Week Intercollegiate Sports Attractions ... 
lnIIl lY.Iul IW. Iiml 
Baseball UC RIVERSIDE Monday 2:30 p.Ol. 

NATIONAL TEAM OF SPAIN Tuesday 2:00 p.Ol. 
BasketbaD (M) POMONA-PITZER Tuesday 7:00 p.m. 
Golf at Pomona-Pitzer Monday 1:00 p.m. 

Tennis (W) 
Volleyball (M) 

at La Verne Wednesday 12:30 p.m. 
POINT LOMA NAZARENE Wednesday 3:00 p.m. 
at San Diego State Tuesday ' 8:00 p.rn. 

HOME EVEJ-.TS IN BOLD CAPS 

BIOLOGY MAJORS! 
Due to renovations in the Undergraduate Science Building 

Lab space may be scarce next year! 

So plan ahead ... 
If you're planning to graduate next year 

apply for a lab course NOW! 

Lab applications for Spring '90 are due 
FEBRUARY 16th 

The Biology Student Affairs Office 
H&SS 2322 534-2786 

S-Yarr, "Air" DaneIey, Todd ...... " McCormlck, Kasey "DNam" 
DIta, 0retI1_, IIafa Sengupta, lay "1tamIn" M a "I mI, Alex "Skippy" 
SawIIa • ..r- by John eur-t. 
HIGHLANDERS Men'. 5'10" and Under 

"Toto, I don 't think we 're in Kansas anymore. No one 's ever heard 
of Danny Mannir.g in this place." 

It 's 10: 15 Thursday night - the bewitching hour for inrramural bas· 
ketball . each week at this time , the Main Gym is rransformed into Oz. 
Those 5'10' and under crawl out from their hiding places safe from 
the wrath of the Wicked Witches of the Tall . The hardwood turns a 
shiny yellow. And poppies - yes, poppies for everyone. 

But there's a new sheriffin town here in Munchkinland. The High-
landers marched into uncharted territory last Thursday and pounded 
out a 46·37 victory over the hometown Mighty Munchltins. It wasn ' t 
high scoring (16·13 at the half), it wasn 't prerry; but they gOt the job 
done with some right defense. 

The Highlanders are now 4-1 and walking tall in the 5'10' and 
UnderBeavers League. 

Highlanders · this ... club's for you. 

Computers 
LA JOLLA 

UCSD SPECIAL DISCOUNT 
•• elUDES: 

----
----
- ----: :=:. ~ 
--_.-
--_.-

. 2 DRIVES 

.640 MEMORY 
PRINTER 

• , -YA. WARRTY COMPATIBLE 
• SOFTWARE Complete System 

$795 
Anything 
you need CALL 454-5544 

1110 Torrey Pines Road, Suite A 
La Jolla. CA 92037 

Quantities LimIted 

.Em 
FtNI1cillQ & LASing AvailJllle 

The home of the IlIstrllctor's Course Realiers 
49¢ halllburger. 

1 1 m u~lJo"a~m 
.. ~ J{pI. 

~,0i"C" . 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
II.fIIII~I!!-----------------------ALLAMEIDCAN-MEAL--- ~ Quarter Pounder '·) with Cheese. Medium Fry. 
II II Limit one coupon per II customer. per visit . Please 

present coupon when II ordering. Not valid with II any other offer. 

tm.) _=-"::..: 
Medium-Size Soft Drink Caall YCllue; 

' /20 01 'cent II 
II 

Just $1 99 /1 
(plus tax) II 

Only at: II 

':::cmj 
LaJolia ,-~ 

• i.iiii.iii iii iiiiii ...... 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Ca~ Copy 
• SELF SERVICE COPIERS 

• VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

• Free Parking 
• Book Binding 

Noun: .... n. 8:304·30· FrI 11:304 .... 1M 

;.',' 11,,1,.1,11 ( I 452 9949 
/1/, \ "./),,11111 .. , t' oJl • 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 



20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 12, 1990 

Sports 
Women's Hoop 
Loses Twice, 
Falls to 12-9 
By DANA CHAIKE 
Associate Sports Editor 

UCSD's women' 
team faced an old neme is and a 
new challenger thi weekend, 10 -
ing to both Point Lorna Nazarene 
College, 76-70, and Colorado 
College, 79-68, 

Friday night' rematch of the 
sea on opener with PLNC (13-10) 
was exactly that-another tightly-
played Cru ader victory punctu-
ated by nine tie and 20 lead 
change. 

Though Malone felt that her 
team "should have been up by 10 
point in the first half," UCSD 
trailed, 37-36, at it conclusion. 

Throughout the econd half, 
basket were traded in a one-for-
one ratio, and the core remained 
deadlocked at 66 with 3:40 left. 

A minor controversy aro e with 
23 econds left, when the referees 
failed to notice that PLNC had six 
players on the coun. 

UCSD, which trailed by ju t 
four at that point, would have re-
ceived two free throws and the 
pos e sion. In tead, the Crusader 
iced their eighth consecutive char-
ity shot to clo e out the game. 

Cari Young finished with 20 
points and 18 boards for UCSD, 
(12-9). Chris Ely, Bernadette 
Diepenbrock, and Lisa Beaver tal-

See W. HOOP, page 19 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Junior Bernadette Diepenbrock, shown in action Saturday against 
Colorado College, scored 10 points versus PLNC on Friday night. 

Menlo Turns the Tables 
on Triton Men's Hoop 

UCSD Rebounds to Beat UCSC on Saturday 

By LES BRUVOLD 
Staff Writer 

It was a decidedly mixed week-
end experience for UCSD's men's 
basketball team as it split its two-
game trip, losing Friday night's 
game at Menlo, 80-68, and down-
ing UC Santa Cruz, 114-71, the 
following evening. 

The Tritons were hoping for a 
two game sweep that would have 
vinually assured them a spot in the 
regionals. Even before Friday 
night's game, however, UCSD ran 
into trouble when three starters 
came down with the flu . 

DarvinJackson, the team's start-
ing point guard, was so sick that he 
couldn't play at all in Friday's 
game. Rick Batt and Gordon 
McNeill, the two starting forwards, 
were also a bit ill , but still managed 
to play against Menlo. 

This development compelled 
UCSD to play backup point guard 
Pete Selleck for the game's dura-
tion. 

"[Jackson's illness] made it 
tough for us, but Pete really played 
well considering he had to go all 40 
minutes," UCSD Head Coach Tom 
Marshall said. 

Under the weather or not, the 
Tritons weathered the Menlo storm 
in the first half and tied the score at 

33 after an early deficit. 
UCSD even jumped to a 37-34 

lead to stan the second half, but 
wore down when Menlo posted a 
12-2 run to take command of the 
game, which ended at 80-68. 

Menlo 's Trent Tilby was the 
leading scorer with 20 points. 
UCSD was led by Rick Batt (14) 
and Tim Rapp (13). 

Saturday night's game at UC 
Santa Cruz was a different tory as 
the Tritons squashed the Banana 
Slugs 114-7 1. 

The Tritons used a balanced 
scoring attack to swamp UCSC, as 
five players cored in double fig-
ures. 

Rapp led the way with 24, while 
McNeill, Batt and Joe Lindsay 
added 23, 19 and 16 points respec-
tively. 

The win boosted the Tritons 
record to 18-6, one win shon of 
their all-time best mark of 19. 

As for the Tritons ' possible 
postseason benh, Marshall was op-
timistic. He feels that if the Tritons 
beat their next two Division 1II 
opponents, Pomona-Pitzer and 
CSU San Bernadino, that "we' ll 
be at the 20 win mark, and that 
should get us a spot in the (NCAA) 
Tournament. " 

The Pomona-Pitzer game will 
be at 7 p.m. on Tuesday in the gym. 

UCSD Men's Tennis Players 
Shine in Avia Spring Classic 

Tritons Return to Championship Form In One Weekend 

By DAVE LINDSTROM 
Staff Writer 

If you tried to play tennis on 
the Revelle courts this weekend, 
you probably would have found 
them occupied by members of 
the UCSD men's tennis team 
beating each other in the Triton/ 
A via Spring Tennis Cia sic. 

The tournament, sponsored by 
the Tritons and Avia, began with 
60 player , but turned into an ex-
hibition featuring UCSD's top 
players. 

In the Men's Open Division, 
Mike Rintala, UCSD's number 
10player, beat several teammates 
to take the title. En route, he 
downed the occupants of the first, 
second, third, and seventh rungs 
on the UCSD ladder. 

Rintala defeated Sig Huber in 
the emifinals6-4,6-2,andedged 
Francois Monnar 6-3, 7-5 in the 

finals. Monnar beat another Tri-
ton, Tim Ditzler, 7-6,6-1, to reach 
the finale. 

"He had the day of his life. On 
his hot days he's great," Monnar 
said of Rintala. 

Monnar was not to finish the 
day without a win, however. He 
joined Triton teammate Vern Yar-
nell to capture the men's doubles 
over teammate Jeff Bethard, and 
San Diego local Bill Kellog 6-2, 
4-6, 6-3. 

Randy Ermert, also of the 
men's team, and Amanda Lynch, 
of the women's team, beat Sally 
Haimsand Ditzler 6-3, 7-5 for the 
mixed doubles title. 

The Tritons now turn their 
collective attention back to play-
ing together, and to their upcom-
ing Division III matches. 

"The [CSUSB match Sunday] 
will be our first Division III win," 
Ditzler predicted. 

Guardian File Photo 
Sig Huber reached the semifinals of this weekend's TritonlAvia 
Spring Classic, but fell to teammate Mike Rintala 6 -4 , 6-2 . 

W. Tennis Slams Long Beach, Claremont 
By ANDREW ROBBINS 
Staff Writer 

In its bid to repeat as national 
champions, the UCSD women's 
tennis team turned in a flawless 
performance this weekend taking 
acombined l80utof 18 matches in 
its two contests. 

The Tritons (2-1) breezed by 
Division I Long Beach State on 
Friday in a 9-0 sweep at home, 
then broke even less of a sweat on 
the road against Claremont, win-
ning in similar shutout fashion. 

Friday's meeting with Long 
Beach saw Triton top-seed 
Christine Behrens put away 4ger 
top gun Jenny Smith 6-2, 6-1. 
Coming into the season, Behrens 
was ranked number two in Divi-
sion ill, and easily handled what-
ever Smith could dish out. 

UCSD's second-seed, Robyn 
Inaba, played up to everyone's ex-
pectations, winning easily, 6-2, 6-
O. A first-year player, the nation-
ally respected high school star was 
ranked 12th among all Division ill 
players before she even set foot on 
a college tennis court. 

A trio of Tritons - Amanda 
Lynch, Susan Carney, and Janet 
Whalen - all posted straight set 
victories with each giving up but 
one game in their two sets. Only 
fifth-seed Pam Haas was challe-
neged, but she downed Daryl Shear 
7-5,6-3. 

In all, the more experienced 
Triton took 73 game in the smgles 
rounds of the contest compared to 
Long Beach's 16 - anembarrass-
ment for the Division I team that 
has traditionally been a power-
house in women's tennis. 

Though the 4gers have consis-
tently beaten up on smaller schools 
in the past, including UCSD, Tri-
ton head coach Lis LaPlante was 
not entirely surprised by the lop-
sided victory. The 4gers have a 
completely new team and a new 
head coach, she explained. 

"I knew [Lon~Beach] wouldn't 
be as strong as in the past," LaP-
lante said, "but I didn't think we'd 
dominate this much." 

In the doubles rounds, the re-
sults were much the same. Behrens 
and Carney were forced into the 

See W. TENNIS, page 19 

Christine Behrens and the rest of the defending Division III 
National Champion Tritons had a lot to smile about this weekend, 
shutting out Long Beach State and Claremont back-to-back. 


