
Inside ... 
OPlNION ........... .4 
FEATURES ........ 8 
HIATUS ......... Hl 

. SPORTS ........... 14 

OPINION 
The A.S.: A Laclc 
Of Leadership 4 

The UCSD 

HIATUS 
'Laughter Tour' 
Ticlcet Contest H 2 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 69, #17 

Former Medical Student 
Pleads Guilty To Murder 
By SETH SLATER 
Senior StajfWriter 

FOllller UCSD medical school student 
Charlie Richardson brought a sudden end to 
his murder trial proceedings when he pleaded 
gUilty last Friday to the charge of voluntary 
man laughter in the 1988 strangulation death 
of hi wife. 

Richardson changed his plea from not 
guilty after the' District Attorney' office 
agreed to reduce the charge against him 
from first degree murder to the lesser charge 
of man laughter. The unexpected reversal 
came Friday morning after UCSD Professor 
of Pediatrics Seth Asser gave key testimony 
for the prosecution. 

According to prosecutor Laurie Roonie, 
Asser's expert medical testimony was used 
to establish that the bum-like injuries found 
on Richardson's little fingers at the time of 
his arrest could have been caused by a tele-
phone cord, the instrument suspected to 
have been used in the murder. 

Jennlrer Kolsky/Guardian 
Third sophomore Larissa Kosits was one student who spoke at last Monday 's 
Third College Town Meeting on the subject of giving the college a new name. 

SPORTS 
Men~ Basketball 
P/ayoH Preview 7 4 

THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 1990 

A.S. Officials 
Reach Cultural 
TG Agreement 
By BRYAN DIAS 
Senior Staff Writer 

Feuding A.S. President John Ramirez 
and Programming Commissioner Matt Sch-
nurer have come to a resolution over the 
programming of culturally diverse TG ,after 
it appeared that the administration would 
cancel the March 9 TG. 

Ramirez and Schnurer said they reached 
the agreement after meeting for several hours 
Tuesday. 

"We were able to clear up a number of 
issues. We are both satisfied and comfort-
able with the results," Ramirez aid. 

However, neither Schnurer nor Ramirez 
would de cribe the content of their agree-
ment, saying they intended to reveal their 
plan and intent in separate letters to the 
Guardian. 

The conflict between Schnurer and 
See DIVERSITY, page 3 

The autopsy performed on the victim 
revealed that Maria Richardson, whose body 
was found at her work place in the 200 block 
of West Washington Street in El Cajon in 
December 1988, was strangled to death by a 
curved ligature, or wire. A long telephone 
cord was found near the victim's body. 

Students Debate Third College Renaming 

A detective who investigated the homi-
cide testified last year in a preliminary hear-
ing that Richardson claimed that the mark 
found on his right little finger was a result of 
a cooking bum. According to the detective, 
Richardson offered no explanation for the 
mark on his other little finger. 

According to Rooney, however, Asser's 
testimony on Friday indicated that 
Richardson 's injuries were "more consis-
tent with friction burns" than with contact 
bums of the type resulting from cooking 
accidents. 

Richardson's subsequent change of plea 
came as a particularly disquieting surprise 
to the victim's family, several of whom 
wept openly during Monday's Superior 

See GUILTY, page 3 

By JEFF Y AMAGUCm 
StajfWriter 

Students discussed renaming Third Col-
lege for over two hours at last Monday's 
Third College Town Meeting. Although 
some proposals were more popular than 
others, no consensus was reached. 

Among the twelve name proposals, 
Martin Luther King, Rosa Parks, Freedom, 
Sequoia, and Sojourner Truth, along with a 
proposal to keep the name Third College, re-
ceived the most support. 

The Third College Naming Committee, 
which was appointed by Third College Pro-
vost Cecil Lytle, will select the name. The 
committee consists of one Third College 
alumnus, five students, three faculty and 
one staff member. 

After the naming committee selects a 
name, they will send it to Lytle for approval. 
IfLytJe approves the Third College Naming 

Committee's submission, it must also be 
approved by the Campuswide Naming 
Committee, Chancellor Richard Atkinson, 
and the UC Regents. 

Several people at the meeting expressed 
concern that the committee will select the 
name, rather than have a popular vote by stu-
dents. 

According to Third CoUegeCouncil Chair 
Paul Lanning, many students are "concerned 
about the way that the name is going to be 
arrived at. I don't think a lot of students are 
happy with the idea of the committee con-
cept. 

"A lot of students came up to me after the 
meeting and have come up to me in the past 
wanting to have a vote of some ort. While 
I don't know if that's the best way to arrive 
at a conclusion, I think it 's a necessary part 
of the process," Lanning said. 

At the Town Meeting, Lytle said that in 
the past elections concerning the name is-

Revelle In Serious Condition After Surgery 
By RANDY DOTINGA 
Senior StajfWriter 

Professor Roger Revelle was reported to be in serious but 
stable condition yesterday at the UCSD Medical Center in 
Hillcrest, after undergoing a triple coronary bypass and aortic 
valve replacement surgery. 

Revelle, after whom Revelle College is named, entered the 
hospital last Thursday after complaining of not feeling well, 
according to hospital spokesman Nancy Stringer. 

The surgery was later performed on Monday night, Stringer 
said. 

"He's improving .... He's off the respirator, and awake and 
alert. The word we have is that he's making good progress," 
Stringer said. Revelle remains in intensive care. 

"We hope he'll be home in a week to 10 days," said Christa 
Beran, Revelle's ecretary. 

The last two classes of the STP A 157 seminar, which Revelle 
has taught this quarter, will be supervised by another professor, 
Beran said. 

Revelle has remained active since a pacemaker was implanted 
in his chest last September by teaching classes, writing, and 
attending several scientific conferences, Beran said. 

"He's continuing to comment and lecture and write on the 
greenhouse warming situation," Beran added. 

Revelle, one of the founders ofUCSD in the 19605, was director 
of the Scripps Institute of Oceanography from 1950-1964. He has 
also served as president of the American Association for the 
Advancement of Science, a post now held by Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson, Beran said. 

In recent years, Revelle has taught political science and science, 
technology, and public affairs classes here, in addition to serving 
as director emeritus of Scripp Institute. 

sue, voter turnout was low. 
"I don ' t think votes tell us anything," 

Lytle said. 
However. Lanning suggested that hav-

ing a vote would be important. 
"A lot of students feel that they should be 

able to vote. I don't know if the assumption 
that because students haven't voted in the 
past means that they won 't this time is valid 
or not." 

First-year Third student Cecelia Lucero 
said that she felt the student body should 
choose the college's name. 

"I think they should put faith in the stu-
dents and let us vote," she said. 

But Lytle indicated that the lack of a 
popular vote on the issue did not mean that 
the students have no input into the college's 
final name. 

"I want to make sure that we're aware 
that we are participating in a representative 
democracy. In light of the fact that we 
clearly cannot get a participatory dem~­
racy to work ... to get a significant number 
of people to vote on this issue, then we have 
to have a representative democracy," Lytle 
said. 

Third ophomore Shyam Srinivas aid 
that an election could be both good and bad. 

"It's good because it will keep people 
who are uninfolllled and people who do not 
care from clouding the issue. It' bad be-
cause the people who are not present at [last 
Monday' Town Meeting] will not be heard," 
Sriniva aid. 

Dan Hallin, associate professor in the 
communications department and member 
of Third College Naming Committee ex-
plained hi belief that the naming committee 
would make the final name choice. 

"I think the procedure that [LytleJ envi-
ioned was that the naming committee. after 

ee AI\-IING, page 7 



UCNEWS 
UCSB Rec Center Approved With 
60.3 Percent Of Student Vote 

Ending four years of debate and failed campaigns, UC 
Santa Barbara students decided bigger facilities are in the 
fut ure of the campu and voted to increa e fees for the 
next 31 years to expand the University Center and build 
more recreational facilities. 

Receiving 60.3 percent approval in a two-day special 
election, the University Center/Recreation Center (UCen! 
RecCen) fee proposal passed with 4,029 " yes" votes. 
Only 2,657 voters, 39.7 percent, cast " no" ballot . Of the 
18,174 eligible student voters at UCSB. 6,686- 36.8 
percent- participated in the special two-day election. 

Similar expansion proposals in Fall 1986 and Spring 
1988 failed to win approval. Under a sliding scale adopted 
by the Associated Students Legislative Council in No-
vember 1988, this week's election required an approval 
margin of 50.02 percent, provided there was a turnout of 
29 percent or greater. Previously. a two-thirds majority 
was required for fee-increase measures, regardless of the 
number of voters. 

Option Two of the referendum, which will give 
students a $44.70 quarterly fee increase beginning Fall 
Quarter 1994, passed with 3,077 votes. or 50.8 percent. 
Option One, which would have graduated fees annual\y 
beginning in 1991 with a quarterly $10 increase, re-
ceived 2,983 votes, or 49.2 percent. 

UCSB in-state undergraduate students currently pay 
$523 per quarter, while in-state graduate students pay 
$510 per quarter. 

Students who have campaigned on both sides of the 
issue expressed little surprise over election results. 

"I think it's great. It' s a clear mandate" of the student 
population, ASUCSB President Mike Stowers said. "The 
students realized the need and the quality of the project. 
We're going to have some excellent facilities. We, as 
UCSB students. deserve them." said Stowers, a member 
of Students for Improved Facilities. 

"It's sort of what I expected," said Eric Jensen, chair 
of" o! on WreckCen," a group opposed to the expan-
sion proposal . ''I'm really sad [supporters of the project) 
piggybacked the UCen on the RecCen 's back," Jensen 

Calvin and Hobbes 

said, referring to what he believes wa strong support for 
a RecCen, but not an expanded UCen. 

The expanded UCen is de igned to include a Multi-
cultural Center, more meeting rooms, banquet hal\s, 
extra lounges and eating areas, a larger bookstore, and 
additional food outlets. The RecCen would include two 
swimming pools, a new weight room, and a gymnasium 
the size of the current Events Center. 

Heesun Wee 
UCSB Daily Nexus 

Berkeley Co-Op Residents Vow 
To Take Eviction Fight To Court 

Lingering tenants of UC Berkeley ' s entrenched Bar-
rington Hall tudent cooperative said recently that they 
intend to stay in the building while protesting the house 's 
closure in court. 

Representatives for nearly 40 past and present Bar-
rington residents, speaking on the UCB campus, de-
nounced last semester's co-op membership vote to close 
the house and introduced the lawyer handling the case for 
15 of the remaining tenants. 

" We are not going to go away," said Rebecca Ekberg, 
a current tenant of the 180-room house at 2315 Dwight 
Way. "We have no other recourse at this point than to 
take [Barrington's closure] to court." 

More than half of the 1,400 members of the Univer-
sity Students Cooperative Association (UCSA), which 
owns 17 co-op houses in Berkeley. voted Nov. 8 to shut 
down Barrington this spring. 

Proponent of the closure aid they thought the resi-
dents could never stop the noise, property damage, and 
drug dealing that resulted in numerous lawsuits against 
the USCA and elicited complaints from city officials. 

But the remaining Barrington residents said yesterday 
that the closure vote reflects inaccurate and biased infor-
mation about their house's activities. 

"The referendum [to close) was based more on frus-
tration than on real evidence," said Ekberg, claiming that 
the publicly stated opinion of co-op central-level manag-
ers led to the closure more than did hardships induced by 
nefarious activities on the premises. 

Residents also resent the positioning of security guards 
in front of the building, she said. 

Berkeley-based tenant lawyer Sam Trosow, while 
dodging questions asked by members of the press corps, 
said he knows grounds on which Barrington residents 

~oo 00, foJIO l'U. 
~ Ul'nlAT 

12'\£I'm~ 
~ I\Mkt> 'II11l\ 
~ 11\£ )(s AtID 
.:;.,,~,.......,. J .. ! 

I>H£.R 1'111 {)C)1'l( W~K\\ING 
1'1 , ~t.'l\" I£.LL ME Will>. T ntt. 
B::Xl'( W/05 AIbJT, ~1'lO l'lL 
Till. 111M ~~~T ~( TIl SI\~S 
"'£IC£ ",ga\J,! sa: , wt'R£ 
0011'1(; TWIC( /05 !'.1lQ\ IN M. 

s,&,\oI,£, A~ItT o. 11.,,£ ! 

by Bill Watterson 

TOO 13M> nI£. BA<'~ 01' n1£ 
CN'llER~ OPENEP W~£'N 'NI:: 
If.NO£O. 11-lAT '+JO\JlD'~E 
&£1'-1 A GR£~T I'ICT\JR£ ' 

Me'" SMS 
)t)U S\lOVlD 
'N~K~ T'I 

957 . 

\ 

AKO I s\\OOU> ~~,..-,r--:::::1 
R£t>.D ~£ 

1l\IM8 ~. 

can appeal their eviction. 
"There are some very legitimate and very valid de-

fenses for these ... actions," Trosow said. "Every tenant 
has to be concerned with the poison atmosphere around 
this." 

The lawyer said that since Berkeley rent control ap-
plies to co-op housing, the USCA management needs to 
find specific reasons to evict al\ 166 residents who lived 
in Barrington Hal\ last semester. 

But the co-op management has also hired an attorney 
to back up its side of the case, which is due for delibera-
tion in the Berkeley/Albany Municipal Court sometime 
next week. 

"We have the legal right to ask them to leave after 
their contracts expire." said USCA manager Vicki 
Cucarola "They were given 30 days notice to move out 
of their co-op or to move [out of the USCA]." 

Ralph Jennings 
UCB Daily Californian 

(~UCSDNEWSJ 
UCSD Professor Fanny Howe To 
Read From Her Poems Friday 

The University Bookstore ' s poetry reading series will 
continue when UCSD literature Professor Fanny Howe 
reads from her works on Friday at 4 p.m. The reading will 
be held in the General Books Department on the first 
floor of the bookstore. 

Howe, author of several works of poetry and fiction, 
has been recognized as a major American author, being 
called "a writer of original grace and vision" by The 
Boston Globe. 

For more infonnation, contact the book infonnation 
department at 534-3 149. 

Physical Education Will Present 
Dance Festival This Weekend 

The UCSD physical education department's Dance 
Program will present its "Winter Dance Festival ," spot-
lighting student choreogrdphers under the direction of 
Patricia Rincon and Margaret Marshall. 

The perfonnance will take placeon Saturday at 8 p.m. 
in Mandeville Auditorium. 

The work of each student choreographer involved in 
the festival will present a broad spectrum of dance, 
including Modem, Jazz, Ballet, and Theater. 

For more infonnation, contact Patricia Rincon at 534-
4369 or Margaret Marshall at 534-4001. 

Alcohol Studies Scholarships Now 
Available For Medical Students 

Twenty scholarships covering tuition, room, board, 
and a stipend are available to medical students who wish 
to attend the San Diego Summer School of Alcohol and 
Other Drug Studies at UCSD July 8- 13. 

The purpose of this Medical Scholars Program, now 
in its sixth year. is to provide future physicians wi th a 
comprehensive understanding of alcoholism and other 
drug dependencies; enhance knowledge and basic skills 
on the identification, intervention, and treatment of alco-
hol and other drug dependent people; and encourage a 
positive attitude toward patients with alcohol and drug 
problems. 

To apply forthe scholarships, medical students should 
send a letter including their name, medical school/year, 
school and summer address/phone, and stating need, if 
any, for campus housing/partial board and/or travel 
stipend, to Medical Scholars Program/Alcohol & Other 
Drug Studies, UCSD X-OOI, La Jolla, CA 92093. The 
application deadline is May I . 

Pro-Choice Forum Set For Friday 
On Friday, Students for Pro-Choice will sponsor a 

forum to encourage students to become involved in the 
pro-choice movement. Several speakers will share their 
professional or personal views on the topic of abortion. 
Booths will be set up for leller-writing to Congress and 
the State Assembly. Al 0, flyers and buttons will be 
available. 

The forum, sponsored by the AS., will be held on 
Revelle Plaza between II :45 a.m. and I : 15 p.m. 

From noon until one, Senator Lucy Killca and repre-
sentatives from the WomanCare clinic, UCSD Health 
Services, and Planned Parenthood will be speaking. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News EdiJor 
and Jason Snell, Associott News EdiJor 

Thursday, March 1, 1990 

A.S. Extinguishes Fireworks 
By MARY BErry HEARD 
Senior SfajJWrifer 

TheASUCSD decided last night 
not to allocate funding for a fire-
works display at the up-coming 
Cultural Quest Festival. 

The decision not to fund the 
fireworks was based on several 
objections, the main points being 
that the AS. could not afford the 
$1000 needed for the three to five 
minute fireworks display. 

GUILTY 
Continued from page 1 
Court proceedings. 

"The whole time, the family 
was backing [Richardson] up be-
cause they didn't think he did it. 
Then. all ofa sudden, he changes 
his plea," said a courtroom source 
who wished to remain anonymous. 

In pleading guilty to voluntary 
manslaughter, Richardson effec-
tively reduced his possible sen-
tence to a 12-yearprison tenn with 
a possibility for parole after six 
years, a punishment Superior Court 
Judge Judith Haller said she in-
tends to hand down when sentenc-
ing occurs April 6. Had Richardson 
been convicted of the original 
charge of first degree murder. he 
would have faced 25 years to life in 
prison. 

According to Rooney, "when 
someone kills in the heat of pas-
sion, it's manslaughter," and prior 

III 1111111111 lin III .. 111111 11111 11'11111 I II 

The entire budget for additional 
events at the Cultural Quest Festi-
val began as $2,077.50 but was 
split into two sub-budgets, one for 
the fireworks and one for the other 
addi tional events. 

Whil e the s ub-budge t of 
$I,W7.50 was passed without 
question, the $1000 for fireworks 
was debated heavily. 

Maya Cameron of the Cultural 
Quest Festival Committee said " the 
Sun-God Festival has been al\o-

to Richardson 'S plea change, the 
prosecution had no evidence point-
ing to a crime of passion. She added 
that in the absence of such evi-
dence, her office had no choice but 
to charge Richardson with pre-
meditated murder. The outcome, 
she said, "was fair to everyone 
concerned." 

Rooney went on to say that she 
felt comforted by the fact that 
California State Board of licens-
ing regulations will prevent 
Richardson, who was a fourth-year 
medical student at the time of his 
arrest, from practicing medicine in 
the future. She added that "a lot of 
concerns were satisfied" by the 
outcome of the case. 

Richardson's attorney had no 
comment on the plea reversal. 
Richardson, in accordance with San 
Diego County Jail regulations. was 
not able to recei ve v isitors or tele-
phone calls as of press time Wed-
nesday night. 

The UCSD Guardian 

cated $2000 for fireworks , and 
we're requesting half of it." 

Many AS. members expressed 
a concern for the state of the budget, 
fearing that by al\owing the Cul-
tural Quest Festival to have the 
extra $1000 they would prevent 
future programs from receiving 
sufficient funding . 

"Ifwehad)11oremoney,itwould 
be a great thing to fund," said John 
Edson, Fifth Sophomore Senator. 

Other members felt that by not 
questioning the passage offundi ng 
for the fireworks at the Sun-God 

See A.S., page 7 

DIVERSITY 
Continued from page 1 
Ramirez over the programming of 
TGs spotlighting bands represent-
ing different cultures has come to a 
head in recent weeks, with Sch-
nureropposing Ram irez' s attempts 
to control TG content. 

According to Schnurer, the 
March 9 TG wasjeopardized when 
Assistant Vice Chancellor Tom 
Tucker refused to allow the event 
to happen unless Schnurer would 
agree to a more culturally diverse 
TG program, similar to that de-
sired by Ramirez. 

However, Tucker said the 
administration was merely wor-
ried about the number of TGs in 
coming weeks. 

Schnurer said he and Tucker 
met on Friday in Tucker's office. 
and he was told by Tucker that he 
would have to write a fonnalletter 
to the Guardian saying his previ-

111111 

NEWS 3 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
A.S. Programming Commissioner Matt Schnurer 
ous plans for TG programming 
were wrong and lacked cultural 
diversity, and that everything was 
"okay now." 

IfSchnurerdid not do so, Tucker 
would not allow any TOs until Fall 
Quarter, Schnurer said. 

However, according to Tucker, 
the administration was instead 
concerned about the number of 
TOs in the near future. 

"With the one this Friday, on 
the ninth, and then one the follow-
ing week, we were concerned with 
the idea of three TGs in a row," 
Tucker said. 

One early incident in the feud, 
according to infonnedsources, was 
the controversial appointment by 
Ramirez of Vanness Harris as the 

Ndr,-(Lth 

presidential representative to 
Schnurer 's programming commit-
tee . Harris had said prior to being 
confinned to his appointment that 
he would be "a thorn in 
[Schnurer'sJ side." 

Sources said that another event 
which inflamed the conflict was an 
incident at a recent programming 
committee meeting when Harris 
allegedly accused another black 
student, Kim Phillips, of "know-
ing nothing of her culture" when 
she defended Schnurer' s stance on 
TG programming. 

The most recent incident. the 
direct involvement of Tucker, 
caused the resolution between the 
previously unbending Ramirezand 
Schnurer, sources aid. 

A Mardi Gras Masquerade Charity Ball" M~[P)j.\W ~O® [x)lf 
IS G\\~RITY BA{ ~ < 

. .. 

Bill Green Orchestra 
Naughty Company D.}. 

Black TIe or appropriate costume 

t· 

Bob OeANDREA 
IIm/1/l'u MmUl~t" 

COLLEGE NIGHT! 
5 to 7 Free Appetizers 
7 to 1 0 75¢ Drafts 
10 ta 1 $1.25 House Drinks 
with college J.D. Must be 21 

••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Join US Thursdays 
when Toney's 
presents the Choose from 

1000 hits 

Torre:Y'~ 

to sing to 
or just enjoy 
the show! 
6-10 pm 

A SAN DIEGO NIGHTCLUB 
LOCATED IN THE LA JOLLA MARRlon 

4240 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR. 
LA JOLLA, CA 92037 

CAll (619) 587-1414 EXT. 6220 

M ichael FOULKS Mike MARTINEZ Eileen HEN RY 
Ad,'('rri.n'"x MlIntlNCf Ac/t-"""JiIlK An D,rc( lor Clm,fijitd R('p' 'f~"Ulllrc 

Circulalion; GUARDIAN Chris KOV ACS Ac/,·(·rti,'f;lIg A",\;.wml L~Ynn. tlEJ.ONe; IE ( "",,,,ll'u.v;.l/mll UCSD GUARDIAN &011 La Jot:., CA lI2OII3 FO<lcr 01... Joe Le. John Dahdro Ely,,,, Paladino 
BUS I NESS OFFICE 534 - 3466 · EDITORIAL5 34- 6580 . FAX534 -7691 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 1, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

DA YlD WY ER, Managing Eclitor 
ANTON BITINER, ews Editor 
CA THERINE DILLE, News Editor 
DA YID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

TIte UCSD Guardian is published lWice weekly llihe UnlversilyofCahforma. San D1teO_ ConlenISCI990. 
Views cxpresitd herein represent the m.:.jonty VOle of the eduorial board. and are not ncccssanly thoseoflhe 
UC Board or Regents. the ASUCSD, nor the ennre GuardUJII staff 

A.S. Watch 

The Bigger Problem 
The issue of the A.S . and TGs has received a great deal of 

attention recently - as it should - but it really is part of a larger 
problem: the lack of a coherent A.S. policy, accompanied by a 
lack of leadership. 

The list of A.S. "accomplishments" this year is mostly a nega-
tive one: a polarized council, fiscal irresponsibility, favoritism. 
partisan politics, and a preoccupation with irrelevant issues. The 
blame for this is spread throughout the Council; there are voices 
of reason, but their opinions are often squelched by the mudsling-
ing of special interests. 

A typical example is the programming issue. When the "Elvis 
Week" proposal was being debated, an A.S. member who up-
ported it was pas ed a note accusing him of being a racist . In a 
Programming Committee meet-
ing, Vanness Harris accused an-
other black committee member 
of being ignorant of her culture, 
causing her considerable emo-
tional dure s. When someone 
asked if it was necessary for 
Yolanda King and a friend to be 
flown to UCSD first class, in-
stead of coach, am ember of co un-
cil said, "It looks like someone wants to send Mrs. King to the 
back of the bus." These sorts of immature and unprofessional 
actions have no place in student government. 

A.S. funding decisions have also been distorted by such 
actions. The A.S. is supposed to represent all of the students, and 
act objectiveiy. But this is not what this year 's council has done; 
funding decisions are heavily influenced by partisan politics. For 
example, the Pro-Choice "Forum." The name was changed from 
"Rally" to seem less political, but it still will have no Pro-Life 
speakers, so it isn't much of a forum. The funding of this event 
sets a dangerous precedent of funding groups which are advocat-
ing a politically charged position. The A.S. neutrality. and 
credibility, has been seriously damaged. 

The A.S. has also been fiscally irresponsible. In previous 
years, the A.S. Council has left at least $10,000 for the next 
Council. This "cushion" is disappearing quickly this year; there 
is less than $40,000 left, and Spring Quarter will bring many 
costs. The Council is left with two choices: tightening their belts 
and watching the permies, or leaving next year's council without 
any cushion. The responsible choice is clear: the A.S. should 
insure that they fulfill their responsibility and save money for 
next year's council. 

The Council has also been spending its time on ridiculous 
issues. They debated a resolution calling for the United States to 
stop intervening in Central America for over half an hour, and 
they declared a "Nelson Mandela Day" for next year. These 
causes may be noble, but it is unclear what effect the A.S. really 
has on U.S. foreign policy. The Council should not be wasting 
their limited lime debating issues which will have little impact on 
students. 

What makes all of this particularly disheartening is that there 
are issues which the A .S . needs to deal with. Parking, the rights 
of s tudent workers, the spending of parking fees - all of these 
have received lillie attention. The A.S . has become divided and 
ineffectual, and is marked now by members grandstanding in 
hopes of enhancing their chances in the next election. It's time -
long past time - for the A.S. to put aside the silliness and 
squabbling, and deal with some real issues. The Council has 
"'asted enough time already. 

Holmes Not To Blame For Media Delays 
Editor: 

"The whole thing is insane, but 
you can bet that whoever wins the 
election, I will attack him. 1 will 
wait the customary time after his 
swearing in for his hand to drop, 
and then I will attack." 

- Mort Saul 

did not come acro s to many (if 
any) readers. 

Let it be said in this "respect-
able" paper that Mike Holmes is 
lIot the individual responsible for 
the delays in the delivery of the 
Media's new computer system. 
We wish we could place the entire 
blame on him, or anyone for that 
matter. We wish we :::C'uld find a 
scapegoat in Mike, or Randy 
Woodard, or Tom Tucker, but in 
truth, the only real entity that can 
be said to be at the bottom of all 

this is " the system" (and now we 
sound like New Indicator staf-
fers) . 

Apathy, miscommunication , 
red tape, over-departmentaliza-
tion, and poor planning all down 
the line in the A.S. and elsewhere 
has caused the numerou delays, 
not Mike Holmes. So don' t key 
his car, steal his TV, or spit in his 
beer for our sake; he'sonourside. 

Greg Huffstutter 
GregWaypa 

KoakJ Editors-in-Chief 

As comedian Mort Saul so 
eloquently tated, public figures 
are automatic targets for ridicule, 
insult, and the like. The Koala is 
no exception to this rule, and oc-
casionally we wind up bashing 
someone without actually intend-
ing to do so. 

In our last issue, "Hey A.S. 
Pro-Choice Forum Funding 

Where The Hell Are Our Comput-
ersT' we printed an open letter to 
Media Commissioner Mike 
Holmes, threatening him with a 
Koala-style lynching if our be-
loved Macs are not delivered be-
fore the end of the quarter. 

The point of the letter was to 
say that it would have been very 
easy to blame the whole situation 
on Mike, but since he is such a 
nice guy and he is truly working 
hard for the Alternative Media 's 
best interest, we were cutting him 
some slack. Unfortunately, this 

Editor: 
We are writing in response to 

Anton Bittner's opinion in the Feb. 
20 edition of The Guardian. Mr. 
Binner claims that the A.S. "made 
the decision that the UCSD stu-
dents. as a whole, now support the 
pro-choice movement." 

This argument is completely 
illogical. 

The purpose of the A.S. allo-
cating money to student organiza-
tions is to provide the opportunity 
for students to be exposed to new 
ideas. 

Progress in South Africa 
Editor: 

The South African government must be held accountable for the 71 
prisoners who died while detained without charges under South Africa's 
stringent security laws. . 

Just as the Soviet Union must be held responSible for the thousands 
of men and women sentenced to "mental hospitals" or the gulag, with 
little hope of ever regaining their freedom. 

Mikhail Gorbachev, however, by recognizing past atrocities and 
moving quickly to abolish them, has rapidly established himself as a 
leader dedicated to constructive reform. 

President De Klerk has similarly proved himself to be the new leader 
in southern Africa. His swift decision to order a thorough investigation 
into the recent prison death of Clayton Sistole underscores hi~ effort~ to 
clean up the police force and crack dow~ on strong-ru:m police tachcS. 
He has released political prisoners, curtaIled human nghts abuses, and 
called for a new constitution that will allow social and political freedom 
for all Sout1. Africans. 

The Challenges facing these two leaders are formidable indeed, yet 
bolh men have met them with courage and determination. Unable to 
change the past, they strive to create a new future. . 

TIle United States, recognizing Sovietachievements, ls strongly sup-
porting Gorbachev' s efforts to institutionalize his reforms. h is lime for 
the United States to lend the same support to the government and people 
of South Africa. 

Eli Medina 

CAVNA 

Once hearing these various 
viewpoints, students can make in-
telligent decisions on their own. 

The $739 allocation the A.S. 
made to the March 2 "Pro-Choice 
Forum" by no means represents 
the student body's personal view. 
It merely allows the pro-choice 
movement to educate the UCSD 
community about a woman's right 
10 choose. 

It is up to the individual to 
attend the forum, think aboul what 
he or she has heard, and make a 
decision on one's own. 

The A.S. is nol condoning pro-
choice. Just as the A.S. allocates 
money to the Inter Varsity Chris-
tian Fellowship or the Union of 
Jewish Students, it is not implying 
that all students are either Chris-
tian or Jewish. Rather, the A.S. is 
providing students with the chance 
to explore beliefs and find out 
what is right for them. 

We welcome the anti-choice 
movement to organize and plan a 
forum of their own. 

We are open to hearing their 
views and would be there in full 
spirit. 

Contrary to what Binner says, 
the A .S. is representing its con-
stituents by giving student the 
opportunity to hear new ideas, 
controversial or not. God forbid 
we force students to think about a 
political issue! 

Barbra Templer 
.Christy McGrath 

Out~hcoti~ A Ma:rx.man 

Thursday, March 1, 1990 

BENSON 
r 

lPJBLE HULLS?!' 
TKINK OF TJiE. C0615! 
~~----'\r-------~/ 

The UCSD Guardian 

Pollution of the UCSD Campus Shameful 
Editor: 

I recently had the pleasure to 
visit your campus and your new 
Price Center. It was very impre's-
sive compared to the old book-
store complex. Unfortunately, it 
does not look like it will stay that 
way long. 

This was my second visit. My 
first was just after the comlex was 
completed and my second was 
this past week. As a UC graduate, 
I was floored to see the amount of 
trash posted thoughout the com-
plex. There was not a post or a 
wall that did not seem to be marred 

with tape and multi-colored paper 
telling me to buy this, go here or 
protest that. 

Yes, higher education is the 
seat of almost all freedoms we 
know and usually the first to tell 
us, as a society, when something 
has gone awry, from politiCS to 
pollution, but this privilege is a 
double-edged sword. Higheredu-
cation is also the seat of "example. " 

We often scream about the 
wrong brought about by others 
around us, especially those out-
side the school walls, yet we can-
not live by many of the same rules 

Dr UCSD G .... nt;" .. _',om .. your I<tten and commcntari ... Drop your letter 01 the 
G_"u ... officca (on the occond Hoor of Ih. Stud .... Center, where Ih. A.S. offices ...... 
10 be) or mail it to: Opinion EcliIOt, n. G.....u..., 

B·016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 
Lett ... should be typed, double·.paced, and Ihoukt include a .il""t"" and phone number. 
W. raerw the rlFI to cdillcttcn for tmlPb and clarity. Deadline for tetten for Monday'. 
...... is noon on Friday. Dcadllnc for Thursday. I.uc is noon Monday. 

we scream about. The pollution 
falling from the walls because of 
the wind and rain was shameful. 
The visual pollution placed on such 
a beautiful project defies respon-
sible reasoning. As I walked 
throughout the campus, I found 
that this pollution was not specific 
to just the Price Center, but was 
pandemic to UCSD. 

The privilege to be where you 
are today, and to treat your sur-
roundings accordingly is an abuse 
in sensibility and a terrible ex-
ample to the rest of the world. No 
wonder the Exxon Valdez spilled 
its milJions of gallons with little 
remorse; the pollution I saw on 
campus, the bedrock of 
tomorrow's citizens, was in itself 
pollution of the same caliber. 
Shame. Shame. 

Steven Jaksba D.M.D. 

OPINION 5 

Media. Suicide Coverage 
Editor: 

After the recent suicide of a UCSD student was reported by 
your paper, Mr. Gregory Mathiews wrote you ("Printing Suicide 
Story was Irresponsible," Feb. 22) complaining thatsuchjoumal-
ism was irresponsible and prompts more suicides to occur because 
it glorifies the act While this can be true of any news story (be it 
murder, terrorism, rape, prank calls, etc.), I feel that these stories 
must be reported since we must be reminded of thei r unfortunate 
existence. 

Suicide is a difficult issue for most people to discuss. It is an 
even touchier subject when it occurs to our peers. What we need 
most of all when such a tragedy occurs is to keep the channels of 
coDDllunicationopen so that we can discuss oUT feelings and better 
understand why such troubling tragedies still occur in society. 

"Dead Poets Society ," a movie that has been nominated for an 
Academy Award, deals somewhat with the subject of suicide. The 
movie. starring Robin Williams, has a student commit suicide 
because he can't please his parents. While suicide may be caused 
by chemical imbalances in the brain, suicide more likely happens 
to individuals who are unable to cope effectively with stress or 
problems in their lives. 

Although "Dead Poets Society" is an excellent movie, it fails 
to address the other complex problems associated with suicide: 
sucb as why it only occurs in certain individuals and what can be 
done to prevent it. Movies, magazines, and newspapers are all 
excellent media to address such complex issues as suicide. 

While it may be argued that reports or movies cause a glorifi-
cation (and thus an increase) ofsuicide statistics,l believe we not 
only need media cO'ierage and awareness of such tragic OCCUT-
rences, but abo more analysis and insight into why they still occur 
today, particularly among young people. 

UCSD bas one of the highest suicide Jates for a campus of its 
size, and so I feel we should all be made aware that such tragedies 
do occur, even in a beautiful campus such as ours. News media, 
such as The UCSD Guardian, usually don', intentionally resort to 
glorification when dealing with tragedies like suicide (although 
some newspapers have done so in the past). 

But what the news agencies and other media need to strive for 
in theirrqxn1Sis to educate the public more. and not just report the 
facts. It is in tbis regard that The Guardian has let its readers down 
and did not sufficiently deal with the tragic death of David 
Simennan. An improved role would be that of educator, and nOf 
just that of reporter. 

Perbaps a more in-depth aniole on suicide should be the next 
imPQrt8Dt item on The Guardian's agenda. Otherwise, all we will 
bcgettina from The Guardian is reports of tragic occurrences and 
not infonnalivo journalism. 

Kerry Nowicld 

Slow Student Lot Construction the Cause of Many 'Parking Gripes' 
Editor: Mr. Little also suggests that we allot thefirsttobecompromised. There seems to Theater. Under the provisions of the Master 

ReevesLittle'sletterconcemingthestate ourselves extra time to park further away in be no intent on the part of campus planners Plan, the structures should provide a solu-
of student parking ("Enough Parking order to get to our classes on time. Indeed, to minimize the loss of parking orreplaoe it tion to the demands of the growing campus 
Gripes," Feb. 22) criticizes the numerous as a commuting student, this is what I do within the vicinity. population-if you plan on anending UCSD 
student letters that have appeared address- every day. And what about convenience? OK,just around 2010 or so. Until then, 20 years 
ing the parking problem. However, for the students who hold off- maybe we don't have any reason to be worth of students will have to face rampant 

It isobvious that Mr. Little does not fully campus jobs or have other important busi- complaining about the long walks to class construction over the existing lots, steadily 
appreciate the nature of this problem, and ness off campus, a half-hour stroll across from the perimeter of parking lots. Butlet's increasing student population, and rather 
this is not surprising as he is a resident ofthe campus does not always fit into their sched- look at what happens when the shoe is on slow construction of parking structures. 
Warren Apartments and most likely does ule. Shuttles help to alleviate this problem the other foot. It is irresponsibleforcampus planners to 
not experience the inadequacies of the (e.g., the North Campus shunle is heavily When construction of the Loop road in take this "build now, think about parking 
current situation. used), butthe campus loop shuttle in my ex- the Revelle lots mentioned above com- later" philosophy. The development of this 

The Warren parking lots are almost never perience has proven to be unreliable and mences in the summer, the contractor is campus should be comprehensive and bal-
completel y full, and I 'm sure Mr. Little has slow. required to leave open 200 spaces for the La anced, in order that the situation is manage-
no trouble finding a spot conven- ----------------------------------- able and palatable for the 20 years 
iently close to his apartment when- And what about convenience? OK, Just maybe we don't have worth of students, staff, and faculty 
ever he dares to venture off campus. .who must cope with its growth. 
Perbaps ifhe were toHve off Campus any reason to be complaining about the long walks to class Finally, Mr. Little recommends 
or even at the Pepper Canyon Apart- from the perimeter of parking lots. But let's look at what hap- that we appreciate how "lucky" we 
ments, his views would be different. are because our situation is not as 

Mr. Little's humorous letter is pens when the shoe Is on the other foot. messed up as some of the other col-
certainly entertaining, but it fails to ----------------------------------- leges around the country. 
come up with any practical solutions to the In my three years at UCSD, I have seen Jolla Playhouse audiences. Just because UCLA has a parking lot-
current problems. the cost of a student parking permit rise Now, what is the matter with the fine tery and still has to shuttle people in from 

For instance, in response to the danger fonn $112 to $144 to $171, and yet, the parking lots adjacentto the medical school? parking lots miles away in Santa Monica 
of walking long distances at night, Mr. parking situation has gotten progressively Is that too far of a walk for theater patrons, does not mean we should try to emulate 
Little suggest that we just "don't go out worse. but "close enough" for students? their situation. 
alone at night. " Clearly, this is not al ways For example, in the Revelle College lot, Furthermore, when faculty or staff park- UCSD is still developing and growing. 
an option for everybody who uses the numerous spaces will be removed to make ing is cut somewhere, all they need to do is and we still have a chance to make it bener 
campus parking lots. way for a new theater, and in addition, a ask and in a flash of red and green paint, than some of the miserable, ill-planned 

Certainly. UCSD is in a relatively safe large amount of spaces will be removed to student spaces are converted to "A" or "B" parking situations that exist around thecoun-
neighborhood compared to other parts of make way for a new road. Alas, theaters spaces. try on college campuses. 
San Diego, but violent crimes have hap- need to be built, and (according to the city The Master Plan calls for parking struc- Sadly, letters such as Mr. Little's let the 
pened on campus. How many have to hap- of La Jolla) roads need to be paved. tures to replace flat lots all throughout administration know that anything they do 
pen before Mr. Little or the administration But it seems as if every time changes campus, the first to be built around 1993 in is "just fine" with the students. 
deem the campus dangerous? need to be made, student parking usually is the place of the old bookstore and Warren Mark C. Bocchitthio 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

Ignorance of Tijuana is Prevalent 
Editor: 

While reading the feature on 
"A Saturday Along Revolucion" 
(Feb. 22), I was not urprised to 
learn how ignorant Lisa and the 
construction worker are. It is not 
surprising that Lisa and the con-
struction worker only go to Tijuana 
to drink. What else could they do? 
Meet the people in different parts 
of town? Leam about a different 
cultural background? Or maybe 
volunteer to help the people build 
a humble hou e? No, that would 
be asking them too much. Be-

side, they only care to "PARTY" 
on Revolucion. 

Lisa feels afraid of "so many 
MexicansaroundwhospeakSpan-
ish." Well, Lisa. let me enlighten 
your sad ignorance just a bit with 
a couple of pointers: First. Mex-
ico is full of Mexicans. and yes, 
they speak Spanish, 

Second, I am sorry to know 
that you don ' tlike Mexicans that 
hang around "everywhere" in San 
Diego due to the fact that they will 
break into your home. 

In case you do not know, Lisa, 

••••••••••••••••••••• 

: UeSD SPECIAL! 
I 

As usual 
R" CAMPU' 

,.UVlaY 
10 YOUI D99II 

H-" 
",.n. "","-Mid. 

<t ••• a warm, party 
atmosphere ... for 

serious pizza eaters ... " 
Jack WhJtc. ChanncllO 

restaurant critic 

F·Sot. llom· 'om Tired oifthe same 01' cardboard pizza? Sun. II :3Oom-Mid 
L----~ Call Bf's for gounnet quality. 

the iIIegals you refer to have a 
very low criminal record. They 
are afraid of getting in trouble 
with the authorities and face de-
portation. 

Third. your claim that jobs are 
being taken' away is a lie. I doubt 
very much that you are willing to 
do landscaping, dish washing, or 
grape picking at $3.35/hour. 

It came as no SUiprise to read 
that the construction worker falls 
into the same ignorance level as 
Lisa. I can also give you a few 

See TIJUANA, page «) 

• r-----------r--~-------il ! :$I!!..-! : $2!~o.! : 
• I I'lease preselll coupon when ordering. I Please present coupon wben ordering. I 
• L _ ~J's Pizzeria, l.aJo~ __ L __ B]'S Pizzeria, U]oUa __ .-J 
• 
• 

8873 Villa LaJoUa Dr. !.alolla Village Center 455.0662 
• UCSD's original Pizzeria 1S still the best.! • 

Exp/ros jlt5l9O 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

ANTON BITTNER. N.",. EdiIo, 
BEN BOVCHUK, AII«;''' Opinion Editor 
DAVID BURKHART. OpilOio.EdiJor 
DANA CHAIKEN.Ass«;'w Sporls Etlilor 
JAMES COLLIER, F .. ,o,... Etlitor 
CATHERINE DILLE, N .... Etlitor 
BRVAN DlAS,MolleEdiJor 
RANDV DOTINGA. Cop, ElIi10r 
DOREEN ERENEA, All",,"''' FlO'.'" Edilor 
PHIL GRUEN.S ...... EdiJN 
PATRICIA JETTIE, IIiMrn Ediltw 
GAIL JOHNSON. As_,. ""'0 EdUo, 
PETER KO,A_ S ...... Etlitor 
HELENA LENG LOH. A .. «;.,. HiM •• EtIiItw 
JEFF QUAN, Glwjlilics EtliJor 
JASON SNELL,Au ... IootoN .... EtIitor 
RIMAS UZG IRIS,I'It<* &lltor 
DAVID WVNER. M_~ E_ 
BOB o.ANDREA,BolirwuM._r 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AllwrtWIt, M ... " 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AtI~rliWt, O<II,rw, 
E. LEIGH HENRV, C .... ,qw M • ..,,, 

n;!}!.UCSD 
uuARDIAN 

BE A LEADER AT UCSD 
RUN FOR OFFICE IN TH E 

Thursday, March 1, 1990 

StMw ShII' w .... 1ff'E A~ AdIcMM, totwy Bdiy fkatd. 
0IrutJM UUil:\W, 8ru.ltow. A&Ocr l,.. WWiIIart" 

Surr"·rII~ JCIHI ASWIOol.1..Ma B.ltet. Mlie knL tnc 
BnJIio.l.cs 8ntYOld, C,..h. c.m,tJcU, SaJu c..na-. Eric: 
o..rJ(M,.CIn~ Hili"', Mdi_ "-,IIOII, JIIIIc~. 
AdIM I l,w'j. o.~I_IIIIdWonI , JMIn MIIII1m-, JoMOdftl. 
DI~id IWk:M. Tc. Rla .... Lior~. Dolle SUdcIc. 
Oris SICI .. , JCIII SIoWIkI. Nicola wawctad. Jeff Y......-:1Ii 
_,......, "'_ .... kl.a..._kNi Kohk,. 
CCW) ~ .. FfWIl L .... 9NI Morris. J.-e MI'Idool. 
_a.....""""'y ... _-.. 
1""-"": Miio Coopcw, Toay~c.n.Lnt.McI 
-. ... Kay .... Ty_T_ 
T,....., lMy ........... Kori Bktcu. MeI ....... ~ 
J_"'ull., 
c." aa..n: HoII)' C~. t,;rq HIdfIlllUU. JIdIe ~ 

-~ 
_o..:.a.o."" .............. 
0Iri1 KOYIItI . ..... M1cl.t'lll, Jeff v ....... 
......... ~ ~ Hcl6cr,kMikr YMCC)' 

"""'---"'--"'''-,.."' ....... _IIILCSO .................... 111., .................. ,,,., ... ........, • ..., ....... ,0lI0. 
-.. -lIItLCSD~ ........... ,. ....... ......,-... 
... n. ........................... ---. .. 
.. ......, ............... n.(.C!D~ .. ......., .. 
c... ... .-..... ...... t.aD. ....... 111 .... 
............. ....,. ........ ~ ......... ...... 
......... diW, ........................ .... 

E...a:5.'J4.am ~~ F. u..7111 
taO I-G,..La,,-CA .. 

1990 ASUCSD E lEe T 10 N S !I! 

FILING DATES: March 5th thru 9th, 8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
March 12th thru 14th, 8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

LAST DAY TO FILE: April 2nd, 8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

W HER E: In the A.S. Office, Price Center, 3rd Floor (see Patty) 
POSITIONS AVAILABLE: 

EXECUTIVE: 
President 

Vice President Administrative 
Vice President External Affairs 

Vice President Finance 

CO M MISSION E RS: 
Academic Affairs 
Communications 

Programming 
Public Relations 

Operations, Services & Enterprises 
University Center Board 

(UCB position requires one year experience on board or 
as elected ASUCSD official) 

SENATORS: 
Sophomore, Junior, Senior Senators for Muir, Revelle, Third, Warren 

Sophomore and Junior for Fifth College 

Thunday, March 1, 1990 

NAMING 
Continued from page 1 
listening to the views of the Third 
College community at the Town 
Meeting would then make a deci-
sion." 

Hallin noted that although there 
is a "planned procedure, as with 
any plan, it is not absolutely set in 
cement. If somebody were to say 
'wait. we have another suggestion' 
I think everybody involved would 
listen to the other suggestion and 
the plan might be changed." 

Lanning encouraged people to 
attend the upcoming Third Col-
lege Council meeting on Monday 
to express theirconcems about the 
name issue. 

If there was a "large, widespread 
feeling among students that they 
should be able to vote on this issue • 
then &he Council would have to 
forward that to the Naming Com-
minee." he said. 

"lbe Council could encourage 
a vote to take place or have some 
kind of role in sening up a poll ... 
to get people's opinion on the 
naming issue," Lanning continued. 

Lytle indicated that a popular 
vote to decide the name of Third 
College would have no real valid-
ity in any case. 

"Assuming we did have a vote, 
and 300 people [one-tenth the Third 

A.S. 
Continued from page 3 
Festival. the A.S. had set a prece-
dent. and that it would be unfair to 
not fund the Cultural Quest Festi-
val fireworks. 

" The A.S. has a responsibility 
to back [The Cultural Quest Festi-
val Committee] up ... You can't 
say yes to one son and not the 
other," said Ruben Duran, Third 
Sophmore Senator. 

After much debate, the A.S. took 
a roll-call vote; the bill was de-
feated, JO for and 11 against. 

At the beginning of the meet-
ing, Evan Kirvin, chair of the Judi-
cial Board, announced that the 
Judicial Board decided that fund-
ing the Pro-Choice Funding was 
unconstitutional, but they will hold 
an emergency meeting this eve-
ning at 8:00 to decide whether or 
not to enforce their decision. 

The Judicial Board requested a 
postponement of the Pro-Choice 
Forum until it could be proven that 
opposing viewpoints would be 
represented at the Forum. 

According to Christy McGrath 
of Students for Pro-Choice. the 
Forum will still go on as planned. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Third College Provost Cecil Lytle 
population] showed up .. . some-
where between three to five per-
cent of our student population 
[would favor] X overY. What does 

Regardless of the method, Lytle 
believes the end result of the issue 
will be a new name for Third Col-
lege. 

that mean?" he asked. "The name of this coUege is 
pan of the message that infects the 
community with a positivedescrip-
tion of who we are and what we 
believe in," said Lytle. 

"If someone can teU me a fair 
way of guaranteeing that there will 
be a major turnout ... then I think 
we'd have a fair vote. But the way 
that the vote has been judged and 
handled and given preference in 
the past has not been democratic," 

According to Lytle, the name 
"Third" does not send out that 
message, which is why the coJlege 
must have a new name. Lytle added. 

Discount Beauty Supplle. 
• NO SALES TAXI on 

PAUL MITCIELL products only 

15%OFF:=== products) 
TO ALL UCSD STUDENTS 
with valid 1.0. and coupon through 1991. 

TIRED ,~F BA:; ~IW~::: ~ -s ~', ~ :A, ',:::. ~:, ~ v;l' 
:: r • n t' ~ • ~' ~; r. :- -.. ,-' 'l r. : 'l' ~ : 

J I • ':; ,. r j, .' : =: • ::~,' 1. 

$15 00 CUT, SIWI.OO, ILOWDRYI - 7512 La Jolla Blvd. 
(comer of Pearl in La Jolla) 

Penns $35 & up 

Our multic:ourse registration discount saves you 20 peft." 00 two courses, 
2 '; percent on three or more. 

Call 1·8O().f1NI)S l (in Ulinol\. call 708/491· 114) or IUIlI thl$ coupon. 

NEWS 7 

__ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ _ 

I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

RJttt'5 Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively 'lIN and AUDI 

Service a Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
___ I __ _ 

'Must present coupon and valid UCSD ID at time of estimate. 
Not valid with major engine Of transmission repairs. 

rl 1 :AlL II. "'~ 1450 94941 "-'''' 
• •• If You Have friends wtth VW's, Ask Them 

About Us; If They Haven' Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 

5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

-

EUROI'E •••• Ally 
ON A BUDGE.! 

Get the REAL facts on travelling independently 
through Europe--including Eastern Block coun-
tries--from experts, Staff from Council Travel 
who have travelled extensively themselves will 
discuss tips on studentlyouth discounts, airfares, 
rail travel, accomlTlOdatlons, hostels, travel gear, 
guidebooks, visc1s, currency and give their own 
money saving advice. 
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7, 1990 

6-8plII 
at THE UeSD PRICE CENTER 

COVE ROOM 

.' • 
• I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
J 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

Features 
It's nearing the Price Center's first anniversary, and it 
has been one heck of a year for th~ place some simply 
call: I 

·Story by Sangceta Mehta, Stat/Writer 
"Hey, it's the Mall ! No gray glass and concrete hive, this. 

A perfect people-place to pause-ponder·peruse-plead-pick up-
play, and it's never the same facade twice . .. " 

The Orchid & Onion Community Awareness Program jury 
made this ~omment on a building complex it reviewed last 
year, adding that the remark explained why the complex was 
awarded an Architecture Orchid. The j ury was not referring to 
actual malls such as University Towne Center or Horton 
Plaza, but instead to UCSD's own Price Cen;ter. 

'' It is like the mall . You've got your movie theater, infor-
mation booth, fast food places," said Warren College student 
Su Lee. "Amidst all the lecture halls and libraries is this 
getaway from academics- a place to eat and relax with 
friends. " 

Planning forthe $18.6 million new student center, funded 
by the Sol Price family and student fees, began in 1983. 

"UCSD needed a large central plaza, a special place, where 
a wide variety of people could gather," explained architect 
John Sturla. 

"The rapidly growing student population indicated that we 
needed more facilities, a place to do the sorts of things we do 
here now," added Paul Eykamp, vice chair of the University 
Center Board (UCB). the committee composed of students, 
faCUlty , and taff re ponsible for the Price Center 's planning. 

According to Sturla. "The students made it clear that they 
didn ' t just want a concrete building, and Herb [McLaughlin, 
the principal architect] came up with the idea of using the 

All' 

Guardian File Photo 

'It's like a combination between Hor-
ton plaza and Disneyland because of 
its festive atmosphere.' 

outer stone." 
The efforts of Sturla, McLaughlin, and administrators, 

including Jim Carruthers (associated with a local San Diego 
firm), Tom Tucker (assistant vice chancellor), and Bob 
Weilage (director of architecture & project management), 
resulted in today 's Price Center, located on what is soon to be 
the heart of campus. 

"It is an integrated, interactive center on campus and indica-
tive of the way people think today," Weilage said. 

The 120,000 square-foot complex officially opened last 
April. The Price Center consists of two- and three-story build-
ings grouped around a central plaza which houses, in addition 
to a study lounge and conference rooms, a variety of mall-like 
features: the 5OD-seat theater, six fast food restaurants, an 
information booth, a record store, a computer store, a travel 
center, a post office, a games area, and a box office. 

A two-Story university bookstore occupies a large bulk of 
the Price Center. According to Lee, "A bookstore normally 
reiterates academics, but this one doesn't too much. It's like a 

See MALL, page 10 

Thursday, March 1,1990 

Bookstore's 
Stock Is 
Rising 
UCSD Store Is 17th 
Largest in Nation 
By ADAM LEVY 
Staff Writer 

Far from being modest in size 
or sheer volume of books, the 
UCSD Bookstore has emerged as 
the largest bookstore south of Los 
Angeles. Paul Mares, the director 
of the store, has overseen its trans-
formation since its opening- 24 
years ago. 

Mares regards with pride its 
17th ranking among the largest 
bookstores in the country. Both 
theacquisitionofmorethan 80,000 
regular stock books and the con-
struction of a store with 50,000 
square feet have been some of the 
changes that have affected the 
ranking, Mares said. 

He said the old bookstore un-
derwent constant physical expan-
sion before the bookstore at the 
Price Center was constructed. 
When it first opened, it only occu-
pied part of the building located 
across from the Registar, he said. 

"In 24 years, there were 10 
expansions prior to this one. We 
took that building over piecemeal," 
Mares said. 

Preparation to move to the Price 
Center started three years in ad-
vance, he said, and involved a 
gradual increase in book ti tie se-
lection. 

He said it is a long process to 
expand book volume by any sig-
nificant degree. 

"Every title that we carry is an 
individual decision that has to be 
made by a buyer," Mares said. 

The bookstore's focus has been 
to provide an extensive title list of 
academic books that would serve 
the needs of the University com-
munity, he said. 

The bookstore, although re-
quired to show a profit, does not 
consider profit-making a major 
concem. 

He noted that book turnover at 
the bookstore is rather low when 
compared to privately-owned 
booksto&:es. 

"A business that is organized 
to maximize profit could not stand 
the low inventory tumover that 
we can," he said. 

The store subsidizes its book 
department with profits made 
through other sectors of the store. 
the most lucrative being clothes 
with the UCSDemblem. The store 
receives its highest return on the 
clothes- 40-50 percent of the 

. profit. The bookstore gets 40 per-
cent for general merchandise 
books. 25 percent for textbooks, 
and 10-17 percent for computers. 

"We need to do as good ajobas 
we can in the non-book areas be-
cause that's how we're going to 
subsidize building the bookstore," 

See STORE, page 11 

Thursday, March 1, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 9 

Misinformation About Growth is Rampant Tijuana Fourth, you claim the U.S is 
the best place in "the fucking 
world." It may be, but unfortu-
nately, it is filled with ignorant 
individuals like yourself. 

Editor: 
I realize that one of the inten-

tions of The Guardian is to in-
form the campus of events at 
UCSD, but to me it is apparent 
that most of the campus, faculty 
and staff included, are either 
completely ignorant or sadly mis-
informed when it comes to topics 
they should be very knowledge-
able about . I am not trying to say 
that there is not interest- only 
that there aren't many facts read-
ily available. Subsequently, vari-
ous rumors and gossip get started, 
which lead to general campus 
confusion. 

Only a few weeks ago, an ex-
ample of this confusi.->n took place 
on the Revelle Campus. One day, 
for no apparent reason, workers 
started to erect a cyclone fence 
around the grass areas on both 
sides of Urey Hall. Since cyclone 
fences usually denote construc-
tion, almost everyone assumed that 
a new building was going to be 
built. Thoughtsoflosingtheirtrees 
and grass did not sit well with 

HELP WANTED 

STUDENT ENGINEER 
....-,: $7.SUI.05/111'. 

(part-tl .... ) 

Current enrollment in Bachelor's 
Engineering program and suc-
cessful completion of 30 semes-
ter units (or 45 quarter units) 
with half in math, chemistry, 
physics, or engineering. 

To apply or for more informa-
tion contact: 

Infonnatlon Counter, 
City MmlnlstnItIon 

Bullel.., L..obby, 
202 C Stre.t 

S_ DI.." CA 92101 
fMne: (819) 238-1713 

City of San Diego 
EOE 

SUMMER JOBS 

POOL GUARD/ 
SWIM INSTRUCTOR 

SeIerJ: $7.730$1.31 

Apply forpart-timesummerjobs. 
Minimum age 17, no experience 
required. Submit American Red 
Cross Water Safety Instruction 
Certi ficate and one of the 
following: American Red Cross 
Advanced Lifesaving or Life-
guard Training Card; YMCA 
Senior Lifesaving Cenificate; or 
equivalemcenificate from a life-
guard training program approved 
by California Dept. of Health 
Services. 

To apply or for more infonna-
tion contact: 

·'I'la,... •• 
...,......... CoIInter, 
City ~tlnJl'le4I"'" 

.......... LoIIIIr, 
HIC ...... 

... .,...., CA 12101 
....... : (UI) Z34H17U 

CilY of San Diego 
EOE 

some students, and in only a few 
days a sign ~at said, "TAKE 
DOWN THE BERLIN FENCE" 
was draped along the cyclone 
divider. One very determined stu-
dent was even announcing that in 
just a few years, nobody would be 
able to watch the sunset through 
the trees due to the presence of a 
six-story biology building. 

All of these stu~nts and nu-
merous others must have felt terri-
bly ridiculous when they discov-
ered the fence around the park was 
only put up so the construction 
vehicles could have a safe place to 
be stored and operated. Construc-
tion wasn't taking place in the 
park area, but on the portion of 
land between Urey and Revelle 
Plaza. All of this could have been 
avoided ifonly someone had both-
ered to make the truth more widely 
known. 

The question that all of this 
brings to mind isn't who is to blame 
for the misinformation, but who 
should have taken responsibility 
for informing the campus in the 

firs t place. The so-called " Master 
Plan" is easy enough to get your 
hands on if you are determined, 
but it has undergone more changes 
than Michael Jackson's nose. All 
ofthe other information that gets 
around campus is basically ru-
mor. 

It is for this reason that I sug-
gest the following: the Regents 
should submit inf~rmat ion of all 
ground-breaking dates and loca-
tions to school newspapers. The 
newspapers could then publish the 
essential facts for their readers 
and the students could get angry 
for a legitimate reason. 

In the next couple of years, 
UCSD is going to be undergoing 
some radical growth. Most of the 
parking on campus is going to be 
eliminated to make room for build-
ings. Numerous small structures 
will be replaced with enormous 
complexes. How else can the stu-
dent body keep track of these 
changes if papers like The Guard-
ian don 't print the truth? 

Wayne Miracle 

Continued from page 6 
pointers: First, you felt like Mex-
ico was a Third World country. 
Well, ·let me tell you that Mexico 
is a Third World country. 

Second, there is more to Mex-
ico than going to Baja in your 4lt4 
and your dirtbike to kick back on 
the beach and drink a lot of beer. 

Third, you suggest to "tear 
down the border and make Mex-
ico a part of the United States." 
Ever hear of "sovereignty?" I don't 
think so. How can you make such 
a stupid suggestion? What gives 
you the right to make everything 
"all-American, and go down to 
Honduras?" Who are you? 

In short, it is very depressing to 
see how people survi ve in Tijuana, 
a city of the Third World. BUt 
what is even sadder is to know that 
the U.S., being the wealthiest and 
most advanced country in the First 
World, has individuals like Lisa 
and the construction worker who 
lire ignorant. I, being Mexican, 
feel sorry for you two. 

P.S. Lisa, I forgot to wam you. 
I will break into your house when 
least expected and then I will take 
your job away. 

Benny Singer 

-Quotable-
~ife does notgive itself to one who tries to keep all 
its advantages at once. I have often thought morat-
ity may perhaps consist solely in the courage of 
making II choice_ ' 

- Leon Blum, On Marriage 

~ELLO, 
DO~lNO'5 
PI2Z.ASKI? 

obody can resist a IJizza 
rrom Domino·s Pizza®. E 'pe-
cially when It·s so easy to 
get. Just pick up the phone 
and ca ll us. We· ll deliver 

CALL USI 
452-UCSD II. 3211 Holiday Court 
Hours: 

a hot. fresh. made-to-order 
pizza to our door in 30 min-
utes or less. Guaranteed. 
Ca ll Domino·s Pizza. obody 
Delivers Better~". 

11 am-1 am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 

11"'S TIME FOR 
DOMINO'S PIZZA."" 

0990. Dam .... ·' Piua.1nc. 

---

----, 
--

_----- .,~9' 
-- SMACK' p.o."'" , LA" M.G'" ~ Pino wilh \ 
Gel 0 medium 0It~~ or*'! $7 .29 plU5 

. cJ .-r choice oNlY\ 
IOPP'I19 ~ after 8 p.m • 
Iolt. ofter 
bpirts 6/30/90 

",hen of(\CrIng. No! 
1'~t1lcntIOncoUOPO.!' r oclivery.re:> Olhcr o"e . good with .ny sore driving. our \N-I 
IInlllcd 10 en~~ Ih"n $20,00 
drivers C\lrf'i 

r--__ 

------$10 •• D --------
Get)fowcno· OU ••• D ORIGINAL f<*: Two A4e.t1lHn ~ __ ... , 

PAN P.~_ ~os 0(" Two "-_ .Oom'~" pi"'.... , 
A..JJ •• --., VII( rw.M .....,,'110·' ALJo 
..-.gg'hono/ --.,_ ;,y $10.88 PI •• ..... 11111 , 
.AI""'k/ ·...,.,...,9 /list Sl3t ~~ II, Tax. 

-..en per . ~ ... 6/30/90 PIZZcJ. 
Notl'/Ood . 
limited Co "llhanYothero/T", De 
CDrry Ie"" c~n"u", saf" drlvlnB· 0 livcr)' 31t.":I 

an S.zo.OO • Ur dri .. e~ 



10 FEATURES 

YEARS 
A HEAD 

HAIRCUTS 
by Christina and Marie 

Women $17 (reg. 25) 
Men $14 (reg. $19) 

UCSD Specials 
Perm & Haircut or 
Highlight & Haircut $50 

The UCSD Guardian 

Mall 
Continued from page 8 
of mall stores: B. Dalton's, Hall-
mark, the Sweat Shop, an office 
supplies tore." 

"I did a lot of Chrisunas shop-
ping there,"Aaron Borovoy said. 

And Sleven Ross said he goes 
"to the bookstore whenever I need 
sweats." 

For appomtment. pleas, call 457-Z'JJO. 8950 Vii,. La Jolla Dr., 
It. 2110, 1..0 Jolla (behmd £1 Torrto d"ectl .. acrass ramp.) 

While the theater serves as a 
lecture hall during the day, it re-
sembles a typical mall cinema at 
night: its ticket booth is outside; its 
marquee, clearly visible from the 
central plaza, advert ises such mov-
ies as "Lethal Weapon," "The 
Rocky Horror Picture Show," 
"Coming to America." 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation. 

Steve Brindle said, "Besides 
the food places, I use the theater 
occasionally; it's where I saw a 
foreign film when the series was 
playing." 

According to Ross, "the whole 
food area is like a mini-mall." 
Featuring everything from Chinese 
food to frozen yogurt, the food 
area "has a booth sty Ie set up just as 
the mall does; the only difference 
is that the restaurants are all 

grouped together," said John-Paul 
Morfin. 

If it's not specific facilities that 
make the Price Center seem like a 
mall, it's other aspects of this stu-
dent center. The buildings, made 
of Portuguese marble and Jerusa-
lem stone and accented with the 
color blue, have "a nco-art deco 
architecture," according to 

Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
If interested, call 534-4955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534-6847. 

JAPAN! JAPAN! JAPAN!!! 
AEON is seeking enthusiastic, professionals to teach 
conversational English in one of our 150 branch 
schools located throughout Japan. A recruitment 
will be conducted in San Diego in late March. 
Positions are fully salaried with benefits and hous-
ing assistance. BA/BS degree required. ESL teach-
ing experience and/or Japanese language preferred, 
but not mandatory. To apply send resume and one 
page essay: "Why I Want To Live And Work In 
Japan": 

AEON Intercultural 
Corporation 
P.O. Box 92191 
Los Angeles, CA 90009-0009 
Phone (213) 645-5561 
Fax (213) 645-5721 

For immediate consideration 
submit resume by: 3/16/90 

Where in the world 
can you study 

Art History at the Louvre? 
Economics at the DECO? 

French at the Comedie 
Fran~aise? 

THE 
AMEII.CAN 

UNIVERSITY 
~OfPARIS 

Located in the center of Paris, The American University 
of Paris offers American undergraduate programs to over 
1,000 students from 65 countries. AUP combines a solid 
American liberal arts curric ulum with the unlimited 
cultural resources of Paris and Europe. Students t'eceive 
unique training in foreign language skills and solid 
preparation for international careers. 

Undergraduate B.A. and B.S. degree programs: 
• Art History • French Studies 
• Comparative Literature • International Affairs 
• Computer Science • International Business 
• European Cultural Studies Administration 

• International Economics 

Special Programs: 
lrMtitute for French Studies in Paris (Fall 1990) 
Summer Session aune 18 - July 27, 1990) 
All clas&ea taught in English. 
Four.year, transfer, and semester options. 
For more information, caU or write: 
The American University of Paris, U.S. Office, Box 6009 
80 Ealil 11th Street, Suite 434, New York. NY 10003 
Tel. (212) 677-4870 Fax. (212) 475-5205 

Thursday, March 1, 1990 

Eykamp, " because there are 
rounded comers, the circular ele-
vator, yet sharp edges as well; but 
there's a general smoothness to it 
as a whole." This architecture is 
why Julie Schwant sees the Price 
Center somewhat as a shopping 
center. ''The architecture, the struc-
ture just makes it seem like one." 

"It's post-modem, very styl-
ized-reminds me of Horton 
Plaza," Dorothy Knapp added. 

Or maybe it 's the general at-
mosphere of the Price Center that 
links it to a mall. Borovoy said, 
"It's like a combination between 
Horton Plaza and Disneyland be-
cause of its festive atmosphere." 

Thursdays on the Green, when 
local and L.A. bands play every 
other Thursday, emphasize festiv-
ity, as do other speakers and per-
formers. Eykamp spoke highly of 
the Armorded Gazebo band in 
particular. "They actllll"Y set up a 
gazebo on the speaker' s platform," 
he said. 

Muir senior Mary Chatsworth 
described the Price Center's at-
mosphere as "busy but comfort-
able. I people-watch here often." 

"There's a lot of motion," said 
Lee. "Students, professors, em-
ployees, even I ittle kids sometimes, 
are all coming in and out carrying 
packages and grabbing a bit to eat. 
But there's a calm side to it as well 
like you see early in the morning at 
UTC." 

Warren student Michael Lahey 
sees the calm rather than hectic 
side of the Price Center: "I come 
here to relax with a cup of coffee, 
to have a table in the sun to sit at, 
and get seduced into buying french 
fries, "he said. 

Schwant added, "It's so light 
and airy here. It's open enough, 
but closed enough." 

The grass slope and trees around 
the food area "humanized the place 
where they were planted," accord-
ing to Lahey. 

The fountain, blanketing the 
south-west comer of the Price 
Center, "is soothing," said Sturla, 
" like Sitting by a stream in nature, 
or it serves as an acoustic white 
noise. People react well 10 water-
to the idea of something flowing." 

There was a "strong direction 
that people should flow through 
the complex," Sturla said. 

And flow people do: down the 
steps leading through the central 
plaza. in and out the various facili-
ties arranged in such a way that 
they are "stacked on top of each 
other and next to each other, giving 

See MALL, page 11 

, 

Thursday, March 1, 1990 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 11 

Store 
Continued from page 8 

The computer sector, Mares 
said, is another area where profits 
are not apriority. 

"We try to get computers in 
students' hands," he said, adding 
that the computer area lost money 
during some years. 

Although the bookstore's assets 
are owned by the UC Regents, it is 
still run much like a privale busi-
ness, Mares said. 

"The Regents don't have any 
functional relationship with the 
store at all," Mares commented. 
He added although students write 
checks to theRegents, "that is only 
the name of the bank account." . 

The acquisition of all new 
books, overhead, and theconstruc-
lion of the new bookstore were 
funded through the profits of the 
store and loans secured through 
private sources. 

''There were no student fees and 
Sol Price didn't give any money to 
the bookstore." Mares said. The 
store secured a loan from a bank 
like any private business would, he 
said. 

In comparing the store to a pri-
vate company, Mares pointed out 
that since it is nOI financed by 
shareholders, the store has more 
autonomy in terms of increasing 
its book selection because it can 
use profits to buy more books and 
not pay stockholders. 

Theater Students Present "Working" 
Undergraduate theater students 

at UCSD will present "Working," 
a play with music, based on Studs 
Terkel's book of the same name, 

Mall 
Continued from page 10 
the Price Center mall-like charac-
teristics," said Renee Chmelar. 

Janet Beach said she feels the 
Price Center "is really an inade-
quate facility. 

"It was built with the comfort of 
bureaucrats in mind- not stu-
dents," she said. 

Beach said she was one of the 
authors of an "open letter" by the 
United Cooperati veAssociation of 
UCSD. The letter, which was pub-
lished in the Guardian last year, 
said thecenter"was illegally foisted 
upon the sludent body." 

Beach said the Price Center 
"isn't very soothing to me." 

She said she prefers the Student 
Center to the Price Center. 

"I'm into wood," Beach said 
With its various mall-like fa-

cilities, the Price Center hardly 
resembles the typical college stu-
dent center; it is also a "hangou,t" 
according to Victor Furer; "a place 
to come on first dates," according 
to Erika Hutchinson. Or the Price 
Center is simply a place to relax 
with roommates, indulge in ice 
cream, browse in the bookstore, or 
soak up some sun conveniently on 
campus. 

from March 7-11, in the UCSD 
Warren Theater. 

Curtain time is at 8 p.m. Wed-
nesday through Saturday, and 7 
p.m. on Sunday. A matinee will 
also be held at 2 p.m. on Saturday. 

Eighteen students will portray 
40 characters who will communi-
cate their attitudes about their jobs 
through dialogue, music, and song. 
The production is co-directed by 
UCSD department of theater fac-
Ulty members William Anton and 
Bonnie Johnston. Faculty mem-
bers also act as musical directors, a 
position shared by Linda Vicker-
man and Erich Hoeber. 

The production was adapted by 
Stephen Schwartz and Nina Faso, 
and will be accompanied by live 
music. 

Tickets for "Working" are $5 
and may be purchased at the UCSD 
Box Office (534-4559), the Man-
dell Weiss Theater Box Office on 
weekdays between 3-6 p.m., and 
by telephone (534-3793) with a 
major credit card. 

Errata 
In the Feb. 26 issue of 

the Guardian the author 
of the story "All Booked 
Up" was Staff Writer 
Julie HeirnJer, not Renee 
Lewis as listed. The 
Guardian regrets the 
error. 

LE 
HOUSE 

IlllllllSS )11~Nrl' 
IlA(~Il'l .. SI~NSI'I'I'TI'I'Y 
Become Aware of sexual innuendos 

and. the thin . line between "jokes" and 
~ ' .. ~ 

friday, march 2, 10 pm-2 am 
pepper canyon lodge 

• Free Gondola rides from Warren Apartments 

• FREE! (Some things at UCSO are still free) 

• Best SKI THEME costume wins free ski rentals from 
Outback Adventures 

• OJ spinning tunes 

Sponsored by 
ICIIHA 

Outback Adventures 

"harassmentn~. 'Join the: 
A.S.()N '1'()(Jll ': .... :: 

together with the A.S. Task Force on Har- .. 
assment and Nancy Wahlig, Coordinator 
ofthe Student Safety Awareness Program, .... 
as we present an interesting & informative 
Forum on Harassment and related topics! 

'I'DIJI1SI)llY 
)lllllf~D I, ll)f)() 

12:(") - 2:()() 1')1 
1)III(~I~ (~I~N'I'I~ll 

111'1~1~ll()(»)1 l' 
SPONSORED BY: ASUCSD 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-
word increments. The rate per 15 
word i $1 for students, $3 for 
faculty and staff, and $4 for others. 
Payment in advance is required; 
therefore, ads must be mailed with 
a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in 
person. Please have exact change. 
Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's paper and 3 p.m . 
Monday for Thursday's paper. The 
Guardian reserves the right to 
refuse any advertising including 
but not limited to companionship 
ads. For more information call 534-
5416. The Guardian, UCSD, B-
016, La Jolla, CA 92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT 
UCSD! Jewish Campus Centers 
provides warmth , education, 
prayer. socializing. Connect with 
Union of Jewish Students! 502 
Matthews; east of the Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Siornick, 534-2521. 
(1/4-3/12) 

WORD PROCESSING, term 
papers, experienced dissertation, 7 
days a week, 4.0 English Skills, 
references. 755-2683. (2/5·3/12) 

ALASKA SUMMER 
EMPLOYMENT - FISHERIES. 
Eam $600+/week in cannery 
$8000 - $12,000 + for two months 
on fishing vessel. Over 8,000 
openings. No experience necessary. 
Male or female. For 68-page 
employment booklet, send $6.95 
to M&L Research, Box 84008, 
Seattle, WA 98124 - 30 day, 
unconditional, 100% money back 
guarantee. (2/20-3/5) 

SKI Sun Valley with RISC! Spring 
Break $349, tix at Box Office, 
almost sold out! (2/22-3/1) 

Revelle'sBATILEoftheBANDS. 
Friclay March 2, 9 p.m . in Revelle 
Caf. $1 admission. (2/26-3/1) 

Visa 01' Mastercardl 
Even if bankrupt or bad creditl We 
GUARANTEE you acard or double 
your money back. Call 1-805·682-
7555, ext. M-l 052. 

Airllne3 Now Hiring. Travel 
agents, Flightattendants, Mechan-
ics, etc. Entry level and up. Sala-
rieslo$l 05K. Call 1-805-682-7555 
ext. A-1 056. 

kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Viii. La Jolla Dr. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Hewlett Packard and NCR are 
accepting electrical engineering 
interns for summer intership. 
Competitive, 0 apply 
immediately!! Final materials due 
by March 9. Contact ASIO a1534-
4689. (2/26-3/1) 

REVELLE BARGAIN BOOKS, 
now has a book Ii t for Spring 
quarter. BUY LOW SELL HIGH. 
(2/26-3/1) 

MOST IMPORTANT MEETING 
OF THE YEAR for the Golden 
Key National Honor Society: 
Officer Elections/general meeting. 
This Thursday, March 1st 
(TONIGHT!) Price Center Room 
10 (The Cove, first floor). (3/1) 

AUSTRALIA STUDY ABROAD. 
Apply now for summer or fal I 1990. 
I or 2 semesters: classes or 
internships . 4 week su mmer 
program to the Great Barrier Reef. 
For info on the BEST study abroad 
program in the world call Curtin 
University. 1-800-245-2575. (3/1-
3/5) 

Skydive today at Skydiving 
Adventures - student discounts. For 
further info call 1-800-526-9682. 
(3/1-3/12) 

SERVICES 

Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-1500 
hairs perhour. 3251 HoliclayCourt. 
Studem discounts. (619) 558-4644. 
(619) 226-1962. (1/4-3/12) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New at 
Cal Copy. Only $5.95. While you 
wait. Xeroxes and more. Near St. 
Germains. 452-9949. (1019-3/12) 

TYPING/WORD PROCESSING. 
One Day Service. Free Editing. 
$1.75 per page. Call Ann 229-9 I 19. 
( 1/22-3/12) 

Professional theatrical and 
commercial headshots in studio. 
72 shots for $60. Guaranteed! Also, 
portfolios, composites and on 
location sports and modeling 
photography. UCSD students call 
5874874. "Hot Shots" studio on 
Gilman Dr. (1/29-2/30) 

TYPING! !! I'll type your 
term papers etc. quickly and 
inexpensively. Laser printer. Call 
Jennifer: 558-6090. (2/12-3/12) 

Lillick & McHose 
Law Finn 

If you are interested in 
subletting your furnished 
apartment or have a room 

to rent from May to August, 
please call Tammy at 

544-3132 or 234-5000. 

WORD PROCESSING - NEXT 
TO UCSD! Resumes, term papers, 
manuscripts. letters, lase. printed. 
Call Marsha 535-8260. (2/12-3/1) 

WORD PROCESSING, TERM 
PAPERS , EXPERIENCED 
DISSERTATIONS, seven days a 
week, 4.0 English skills, references. 
755-2683. (2/154/5) 

Polish your prose! Editing , 
proofreading, expert word 
processing. Merilee's Editorial 
Services. 277-9229 after 3 p.m. 
(2/20-3/1) 

Typing/word processing. Term 
papers, theses, resumes. Good work, 
good rates. Near UCSD. Barbara, 
453-0592. (2/26-3/12) 

Typing/Word Processing: 
Academic manuscripts, papers, 
theses, letters , resumes. Fast 
servcie. Mary Ann 452-9439. 
(2/26-3/12) 

Typing/W ord Processing. Fast tum 
around. Any size. Pick up and 
delivery. Call Sandy. 7554316. 
(2/26-3/1) 

FEEL CONFIDENT IN FRENCH! 
Practice more for exams or trip to 
France. Alliance Francaise. 278-
7863. (3/1-3/12) 

WANTED 

Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the effects of alcohol. If 
you are a UCSD student or non-
academic staff, American born male 
of entirely Japanese, Chinese, or 
Korean descent, call Scripps Clinic 
and Research Foundation for more 
information, 554-2192.(1/4-3/12) 

WANTED: 75 people seriously 
interested in losing weight. Gerpaid 
for it. Call Lynn 569-5298. (2/20-
3/1) 

Wanted: 80 overweight people -
seriously interested in losing 25 
Ibs. in 30 days. Earn $$$ while 
losing guaranteed! Anne 279-4265. 
(2/22-3/15) 

Drummer wanted: Energetic 
originals band playing a musical 
mixture of ska, funk, reggae, rock? 
all swirled together seeks versatile 
and tireless drummer. Call Jon 
Cohen 270-2915. (2/22-3/1) 

'~Tacolime 
It's Time for the Bes,... 

FREE 
DRINK RIFILLS 

Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

Make $12 an hour, assemble prod. 
in your home! Call (6 19)22 1-7805. 
(2/22-3/1 ) 

Summer management internship 
interviews now taking place. Gain 
valuahle experience managing a 
team of employees, customers, and 
suppliers. Successful applicams 
undergo extensive training. 
Average earnings $6-10,000. Call 
"Student Painters" 1-800-426-
6441. (2/22-3/5) 

English majors - need work until 
The New Yorker takes your story? 
We have a job for you in the 
publishing and print ing field . 
Located in nearby North County. 
Call 744-0910 and ask for Kevin. 
Mention this ad. (2/26-3/1) 

ARE YOU ALLERGIC TO 
POLLENS, ANIMALS OR 
DUST? NEEDED NOW: Males 
with allergies or hay-fever, aged 
18-35 for a FREE brief study of a 
new, very long-lasting, safe allergy 
medication. (619)277-2740. 
(2/26-3/8) 

Infant care in my Del Mar home. 
Experienced! Need own car. 1-3 
day/week. 755-6172. (3/1-3/12) 

Busy Food-Sales executive for 
restaurants, who has office in horne 
near UCSD, has immediate 
opening for Part-time customer 
service/secretary. Duties include 
phone orders, order input and light 
typing. Must have good verbal + 
phone skils. For consideration 
please call Rich Jersey 457-4900. 
(3/1-3/5) 

Administrative Assistant: Perform 
all secretarial tasks (light typing, 
answering phones, market 
research) for high energy 
company. Need dependable, 
enthusiastic, hard-working 
individual. Lots of action. 40 hrs. 
a week:, 8-5 M-P. Flexible for one 
or two classes. Scripps Ranch 
location. $7.00 per hour. Ruth 586-
1111. (3/1-3/8) 

Actresses and Actors of 
JAPANESE DESCENT desired 
for student film centering on time 
as related to Japanese culture. If 
interested call Robert 792-8823. 
(3/1-3/5) 

FOR SALE 

Get ready for the summer! Porsche 
914, red, 50W stereo, new tires, 
new clutch, $2300 o.b.o.; Yamaha 
vision, 55Occ, looks new, runs 
great, low mileage, $1000 o.b.o. 
272-341 6 leave message. (2/15-
3/1) 

Cruiseships Now Hiring lor 
spring, Christmas and next sum-
mer breaks. Many Positions. Call 
1-805-682·7555, ext. S-1 023. 

SeIzecI CItI,Itucks,4·wheelers, TVs, 
stereos, fum~U(e, computers by DEA, 
FBI , IRS and U.S. customs. Available 
your area now. CaD 1-805-682-7555, 
ext. C·ll99. 

Thursday, March 1, 1990 

X-Cel wetsuit. M-L$50, call 558-
7406. (2/22-3/1) 

Reliable System: Zenith Z-159 
XT-Comp; 640-K; 2-disk drives; 
monitors: RGB color and high-res 
amber; Fast Epson LX -800 printer; 
1200 baud modem ; watch, 
softwares (with manuals): Fortran 
- 4 .0 , QuickBasic - 4.0, 
WordPerfect. $850.00 o.b.o. call 
587-8854. (2/26-3/1) 

Nissan Sentra ' 83. Excellent 
condition, NC, AM/FM casseUe, 
hatchback, sunroof, 98K, $2600, 
450-17 12 evenings. (2/26-3/1) 

North Face Extreme Gear Jacket, 
Gore-lex, medium, Ryl/Nvy, 
$85.00. John 558-7406. (2/26-
3/1) 
KenwoodKDG-80, CD Player for 
car, pull-out chassis. new sleeve, 
ask for Antony, 587-1932, $300. 
(2/26-3/5) 

Al Futon and Frame $95. Near 
campus. Can deliver. 268-0814. 
(2/26-419) 

Kenwood DRC-7 57, pull-out AM! 
PM cassette player, good condo 
Original sleeve, ask for Antony, 
587-1932, $250. (2/26-3/1) 

1985 Honda Elite Deluxe 15Occ. 
Red. Runs greeat, dependable, 
$1000 o.b.o. 578-2158. Must sell! 
(2/26-3/1) 

1984 Toyota Celica GT - white, 5 
speed, alc, ctuise control, sunroof, 
power steering, power brakes, new 
tires, new battery, 90,000 miles, 
all service records. GREAT CAR 
in GREAT SHAPE! $5450. Call 
487-1075. leave message. (3/1) 

Futon/Frame/Quality. Full $100, 
Queen $115. Also Queen bed 
$150. Twin $95, delivery 284-
6222. (3/1-3/12) 

1988 Suzuki Samurai w/ 
removable hard top. $6000 o.b.o. 
Call Alicia 944-6212. (3/1) 

Two surfboards, 6'9" and narrow. 
1 roundpin, I squash. Big Black's 
blades. $1 30 each 452-6375. (3/1) 

HOUSING 

La Jolla ·house for rent, Spring 
quarter April 1 - June 30. 3 
bedroom, I 3/4 baths. Completely 
furnished, wId , microwave. 
dishwasher. 5 minute walk from 
UCSD, 15 minutes from· Blacks 
beach. Fenced yard. $1500jmonth, 
$1500 security deposit. Call Ann 
or David, 534-6104(w), 546-
7602(h). (2/12-3/1 ) 

Summer sublet wanted. UCLA 
Law couple. Bobbie - day 
(213)206- 1953. Joe - eves. 
(213)391-2558. (2/15-3/12) 

RIpoaeIIId VA & HUD Hon'III 
available from government from $1 
wiIhouI credit check. You repair. Also 
tax delinquent foreclosures CALL 1-

~-7555, ext. H·l443 for repo 
list your area. 

Thursday, March 1, 1990 

Room for RENT! 500 yards from 
campus in large Co-ed, All-student 
house. Private pool, fireplace, 
washer/dryer. Available March I st. 
$350/mon + 1/6 utilities. Call Sandra 
457-7777. (2/26-313) 

Wanted: clean. non-smoking female 
for own room in Mission Beach. 
Available Spring Quarter. Call 488-
2744. (2/26-3/1) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED NOW! 
Own room in Clairemont house. 285 
plus 1/3 uti!. Lots of space. Big 
backyard. 10 minutes to school. 
Close to everything. Share with 2 
seniors. John 273-2145. (3/1-3/8) 

University City : 2 bd. I bath 
townhome plus carport. 387.50 + 
utilities. Female. Great location. 455-
6798. (3/1) 

PAID HOUSING OR SALARY. 
(Your choice) in return for helping 
disabled student with personal care. 
2-5 hours a day, staggered. Live-in 
position. Some assis ted lifting. 
Female, nonsmoker. Julie 458-9748. 
(3/1-3/12) 

LOST AND FOUND 

Lost: Silver butterfly-link bracelet. 
Reward! Call 558-6692. (3/1-3/5 ) 

The UCSD Guardian 

PERSONALS 

Single Magazine - what-when-
where - in San Diego, $1 sample 
issue. Box 5682, San Diego. (2/22-
3/1) 

UCSD Novice Crew: Thought for 
the season: "Victories in Life come 
not to the man who is bigger or 
stronger, but to the one who says I 
can." Good luck at Cal Poly. 
R. Y.B.O. - Coach. (3/1) 

DTD - Pi Phi's are looking forward 
to our Blackout exchange with you 
on May 6th. (3/1) 

MOST IMPORTANT MEETING 
OF THE YEAR for the Golden 
Key National Honor Society: 
Officer elections/general meeting. 
This Thursday, March 1st 
(TONIGHT!) Price Center Room 
10 (The Cove, first floor). (3/1) 

WANTED: You, for Revelle 's 
graduation speaker. Selection is in 
April, so stan practicing NOW! 

(3/1) 

Nature Photography Exhibit for 
Muir's Open House. Deadline for 
entries: March 9, 4:30 pm. Color or 
B&W photos. Contact Karen at 
5344965. (3/1-5) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFfORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

( \ 1 I I " I II{'" I 
584·6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North #315 

roundtrip ~rf¥es OIl. 
nes. 

• 

; not jUst a grear pnce. 
ts a great experIence. 
, 

Only for student American Express® Cardmembers. 
Apply for the American Express· Card. 
Then get ready to take off. In search of 
adventure, action-or just simply to escape. 

American Express and Nonhwest 
Airlines have arranged these extraordinary 
travel privileges on Nonhwest-exc1usively 
for srudent Cardmembers: 
• CERTIFICATES VALID FOR THE PURCHASE 
OF TWO $118 ROUNDTRIP TICKETS- to many 
of the more than 180 cities in the 48 contig-
uous United States served by Nonhwest. 
Each certificate is good for a six·month 
period, and they will arrive within six 
·weeks after you receive the Card. Current 
Cardmembers will automatically receive 
their $118 certificates by March 15, 1990 
provided they are still full time students~ 

• 10% OFF ANY NORTHWEST FLIGHT - with 
your own personalized discount card, valid 
throughJanuary 1991 on all Nonhwest and 
Northwest Airlink flights. (This discount 
is not applicable to the $118 srudent 
certificates and other cenificates, 
promotional or special staNS airfares.) 
• 2,500 BONUS MILES TOWARDS FREE TRAVEL-
when you enroU in Nonhwests WorldPerks" 
Free Travel Program. 

AND NOW BECOMING A CARDMEMBER 
IS AS EASY AS A TELEPHONE CALL. 

Just pick up the phone, call 1·800·942-
AMEX, and talk to us. We'll take your 
application and begin to process it 
immediately (If you have your banking 
information handy, like your account 
number and bank address, it will help 

APPL Y TODAY 

1-800-942 -AMEX 

speed the process.) 
Keep in mind that our Automatic 

Acceptance Program makes it easier for 
you to become a Cardmember now, as a 
srudent, than it will ever be again. 

And remember that as a Cardmem-
ber you'U enjoy all the exceptional benefits 
and personal service you would expect from 
American Express. 

So don't miss out on a world of great 
experiences. Pick up the phone. Apply for 
the Card. And start packing! 

~ 
NORTHWEST 

AIRUNES 
·If you are already a Sluden[ Amencan Exp~ C.rd~mlxr and luve a question about [his prognm, please: ~nd your writttn q~oo. a copy of your s[U<knl ID and class schedule (0. Am<.'rican Express. ~O. Box 35029. 
Attn: StudeR! Marltc[il1g. Gr~nsboro. NC 27425. Fa!l' is for roundtrip [nvel 00 North~t Airtina. tickcl5 must Ix purc~ ... ithtn 24 hours aft~r maJong "'~rvacions. Fare are nonrefundable and no illncrary clu~ 
may Ix mad< after purchase, Scats al th. farc are limned and may IlOl Ix available when you call, Thlvel mUSI originate by ccnificace expiration date and Ix compkted within 60 days of tlut dalt. Travel may 110( Ix avulal* 
~n cities [0 which Nonh~c docs not Iu...: pu.bli5hed routi"lls. City f~1 surcharges not included in fare from 805[00 (52.50). Chicago (55 00). Iknver ($2 00) and FIonda (nICS (S2.00) Cenain blackou[ dates and 
odIcr I\.'stricdons may apply, For complelt oIkrdda.ls. caU 1·8O().9042 AM EX. C 1990 Am<.'rican Exp", Tnvel Rela[ed Services Company, Inc. 

THE AMERICAN EXPRESS· CA RD . FOR STUDENTS MORE THAN EVE R. 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thunday, March 1, 1990 

Sports 
Tritons Travel to Nebraska for First Round of Playoffs 

Men's Hoop Regional on Saturday 
By MAITHEW ROCI-IIOS 
Staff Writer 

Saturday evening, the UCSD 
men's basketball team will put itself 
into the record books. For the first 
time in the chool's almo t thirty-
year history, the men's team will 
participate in post-season play. 

The Tritons are the third seed in 
the western portion of the playoffs 
and will face second-seeded and 
perennial powerhouse Nebraska 

Wesleyan in a 7:30 p.m. Central 
Standard Time (5:30 p.m. PST) 
matchup in Lincoln, Nebraska. 

Nebraska Wesleyan has been to 
the Division ill Final Four in four 
of the last six years. 

With a new head coach and no 
seniors in the starting lineup, 
Nebraska overcame what could 
have been a rebuilding year, as it 
compiled a 21-5 record - the re-
sultofacommitment to past coach-
ing schemes and an ability to score 
a lot of points, according to UCSD 
Head Coach Tom Marshall. 

NW averaged 87.6 points per 
game this season while surrender-
ing an average of 78. The team, 
from a small school of 1,200 stu-
dents, posted a 9-2 record in front 

of its home fan . 
By Division ill standards, the 

Nebra ka team is big. With a front 
line made up of a 6'8" center and 
two 6'6" forwards, NW keys its 
defense by looking to block shots. 

On offense, NW has two quick 

Saturday's West Regional 
First Round Matchup: 
UC San Diego (20-6) 

vs. 

Nebraska Wesleyan (21-5) 
Broadcasl: KSDTradiowill broad-
cast a live feed of KFOR Lincoln, 
Nebraska, 5:30p.m. PST, Pregame 
5:15 p.m., Saturday. Bull's Eye 
Tavern (Round Table Pizza) in the 
Price Center will carry the broad-
east. 

guards that distribute the ball well 
and lead a fine perimeter shooting 
attack. 

CSU San Bernardino, which 
UCSD defeated three times this 
year, fell to NW by 40 points ear-
lier this season. But Marshall was 
quick to point out that CSUSB had 
several players injured at the time 
of that contest. 

In many ways, NW mirrors the 
Tritons. UCSD averaged 86.8 

point per game while giving up 
78, was l0-2 at home and 20-6 
overall, and features a front line 
that includes 6'8" Gordon McNeill 
and 6'7" Rick Batt. 

According to Marshall, the Tri-
tons will stick to the game plan that 
has brought them this far - in-
side-outside offensive motion and 
varying the defensive pressure as 
the game dictates. 

Marshall said, however, that 
defense will be the key to victory 
on Saturday. 

Marshall and his coaching staff 
feel that NW is the type of team 
that lets its opponents play their 
own game, but tries to overwhelm 
them with sheer fire power. 

The team looked sluggish in 
practice on Tuesday, but the 
coaches and players blamed mid-
terms and other distractions for the 
mediocre showing. 

Point guard Darvin Jackson 
finds himself "anxious," but men-
tally ready for Saturday's regional, 
whereas high-scoring shooting 
guard Tim Rapp believes it is time 
to prove that the Tritons are as 
good as their record indicates. 

Marshall thinks that the team 
will find the concentration it needs 
once it reaches Lincoln on Thurs-
day evening. 

Brian mOlr"-l'lJIII:,ral,all 
It's a long Way Up - To the top of Division III, that is. Gordon 
McNeill and the Tritons begin their quest for a championship in 
first round action Saturday night against Nebraska Wesleyan. 

Baseball Splits With Cross City Competition Men's Volleyball 
Loses to uel in 
Five, Now 0-11 

Tritons knock off University of San Diego, fall to Point Lorna Nazarene; now 4-6 
By JOHN ASUNCION 
Staff Writer 

At times throughout the season, 
baseball games are sometimes won 
by how many breaks a team gets. 

UCSD's 10-6 victory Tuesday 
over the University of San Diego 
saw the Tritons get several breaks 
to defeat the Toreros decisively. 

Yesterday, Point Lorna Naza-
rene got all the breaks in its 4-0 

victory over UCSD. 
Against USD, the Tritons used 

a seven-run explosion in the fourth 
inning to catapult themselves to 
the four-run win. 

The Tritons were aided by three 
USD pitchers who yielded five free 
passes to aid the Tritons in their 
outburst. Along with three singles, 
UCSD got a break on a controver-
sial catcher's interference call. 

UCSD Head Coach Lyle Yates 

managed to convince the home 
plate umpire that the UCSD catcher 
interfered with leftfielder Henry 
Jimenez's swing. 

The subsequent result was that 
UCSD forced home yet another 
run after two had already scored 
earliir that inning on walks with 
the bases loaded. 

Torero Head Coach John Cun-
ningham protested the reversal and 
was consequently thrown out of 

Rick Rupkey, 2-2 as a starter this season, pitched in relief against the University of San Diego. 

the game. 
Mike Morgan pitched six in-

nings and allowed only one run 
while strikina out seven and walk-
ing just one to earn his first win of 
the season. 

"Mike [Morgan) had complete 
control," Y aces said. "It was one of 
the best outings he's had in his last 
three years." 

The breaks went againsi UCSD 
(4-6»)n yesterday afternoon's Point 
Lorna contest when the Tritons 
were frustrated by an inability to 
drive in runs with men in scoring 
position. 

Four times, in the second, third, 
founh, and seventh innings, the 
Tritons hit the ball hard, but right 
at the defensive players. 

An important upcoming dou-
bleheader with Cal State San Ber-
nardino also affected the Tritons, 
as they were forced to alter their 
pitching rotation. 

Yates wanted to save his pitch-
ing staffforSaturday's games, thus 
explaining why starter J.J. Fisher 
threw three shutout innings, but 
was replaced by first-year player 
Ryan Flanagan. 

Flanagan threw two innings, 
giving up one run. 

The Crusaders put the game 
away in the eighth, when sopho-
more Rex Grayner took the mound 
for UCSD, which trailed 2-0 at the 
time. 

A two-run homer off Grayner 
sealed the loss for the Tritons. 

r 

The UCSDmen 's voUeyball 
team dropped their eleventh 
straight match last night in a 
five game heartbreaker to UC 
Irvine 10·15, 13-15, 15-2, 17-
15. 15-13. 
·c . 

latercoD~te 
Update 

Up 2-1 after three games, 
the Tritons (0- 11) dominated 
game four,jumping outto a 14-
2 lead. Down match point, 
however, the Anteaters climbed 
back into the match by scoring 
15 of the next 16 points, to take 
the game 17-15. 

UCI then pounded out a 15-
13 victory in a rally-scoring fifth 
game to win the match and 
keep the Tritons winless. 

Bryan Palmer led UCSD 
with 25 kills. Nate Brown added 
20 kills. 

Softball Splits 
Doubleheader with 
Azusa Pacific 

The UCSD softball team 
split a doubleheader at Azusa 
Pacific yesterday afternoon, 
dropping the opener 3-1 but 
rebounding to take the night-
cap, 6-1. 

In the first game, Lynn 
See UPDATE, page 15 

Thursday, March 1, 1990 

UPDATE 
Continued from page 14 
Moreno went all six innings and 
limi ted the Cougars (1-5) to just 
three runs, but gotlinle offen ive 
help as she feHto 0-2 for the sea-
son. 

In the second game, the Tritons 
(1-3) took advantage of a tiring 
Azusa Pacific pitcher, who threw 
complete games in both ends of the 
doubleheader, and erupted for three 
runs in the first inningen route to a 
6-1 victory. 

Kim Stutzman started and went 
five strong innings, before getting 
relief help from Dianna Moreno, 
to pick up her first win of the year. 

UCSD hosts Cal Lutheran in a 
doubleheader tomorrow afternoon 
at 1 p.m. on the Nonh Campus 
Field. 

NCAA Division III Men's 
Basketball Top 20 

(Final Rankings) 
! ~ bmIl 
I. Wittenburg (OH) 27- t 
2. Calvin College (M!) 25- t 
3. Jersey City State (N]) 25-2 
4. Buffalo State (NY) 27-1 
5. w. Connecticut State 25-1 
6. Colby College (ME) 21-1 
7. Franklin & Mrshll (PA) 24-3 
8. North Adams St (MA) 21-4 
9. St. Thomas (MN) 23-4 
10. North Central (lL) 21-5 
11. Monmouth (lL) 20-2 
t2. Potsdam State(NY) 23-4 
13. Hope College (MI) 22-3 
14. Randolph-Macon (VA) 24-4 
15. SE Massachusetts 22-5 
16. Emory College (GA) 22-3 
17. UC San Diego 20-6 
18. A lbany (NY) 20-7 
19. Trenton State (NJ) 22-5 
20 Washington (MD) 21-5 

The UCSD Guardian 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 
By PHIL GRUEN 

Sports Editor 

/) (Phil is currently 15·11) 

UCSD Men's Basketball 
Regional Playoff 

Favorite 
N. WESLEYAN 

Spread 
41/2* 

Underdog 
UCSD 

PHll...'S ANAL YSIS ... The 20-6 UCSD men's basket-
ball team has never played in the NCAA Division ill 
basketball tournament. Nebraska Wesleyan, UCSD's 
opponent in Saturday's 7:30 p.m. (CST) western region 
fIrst round game, has been there many times - in fact, in 
four out of the past six years, its team has made it to the 
Final Four. Nebraska Wesleyan (21-5) will also be the 
host. Is there a pattern developing here? Maybe. But 
something tells me the Tritons - who stonned through 
the Rochester Basketball Classic in December the last 
time they played out of state-will pull this one off. Even 
if Earl Edwards insists on making the trip, PHll.. says ... 

TAKE THE TRITONS 
·orr",lallinc: r""" TIw Middle ofNtlWlwre. Lincoln. Nebn.sta 

UCSD Ktramural Club Sports ... 
~ ~ ~ 
Cycling Criterium at UCSB Sat.!Sun. 
Lacrosse (M) WHITIIER Saturday 
Lacrosse (W) at ASU & U. of Arizona Saturday 
Rugby at Cal Slale Fullerton Saturday 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

~ 
TBA 
1:00 p.m. 
All Day 
TBA 

Weekend·J ntercoUegiate Sports Attractions ... 
lY.bal 
Bueball 
Basketball (M) 
Golf 
Softball 

SwImming (M) 
T .... (M) 
T .... (W) 
Traek " field VoleJW(M) 

lntt 
at Cal State San Bernardino (DH) 
NCAA Tourney: at Nebraslca Wesleyan 
SO. CAL. TOURNEY 
CAL LUTHERAN (DB) 
WW'I"I'lEa (DB) 
CLAREMONT (Natatorium) 
Pacifk: Coast Doubles Clwnp. at IJBTC 
at Occidental 
at NJ«, InviWional at SDSU 
at Cal State NotdJrid&e 
LOYOLA MAltnlOON'r ' 

Du. llII.t 
Saturday 12:00 p.m. 
Saturday S:30 p.m. 
Fri.-Sat. AD Day 
¥rlday 1:00 p.m. 
SaturdaJ 12:00 p.m. 
i"rIday 5:00 p.m. 
Fri.-Sat. AU Day 
Sab&I1ky 11:00 am. 
Sawrday 9:00 a.m. 
Friday 7:30 p.m. 
Saturday 7:00 p.m. 

----------------~ UCSD : 
Student I 

Carl's Jr. Spedal I dIInIIlt, _It, 
I I 
I BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I 
I I I Bacon Cheeseburger I 
! ~FREE i 

PfO'Ide It, or 

II Valid at: 6788 Miramar Rd. : 
Coupon expires March 15, 1990. One offer per coupon. 

l One coupon per customer per VlSit. Not valJd wilh any I 

It'sln lite 

I olher olter or discount Price does not include tax. Ca rl'll Jr. I C>Carl Karcher Enterprises, Inc. 1'990 • • L __________ -------______ _ 

• I 

SPORTS 15 

UCSD FITNESS 
S'PECIAL 

AND ONLY $20 PI. MONTH 
on a monthly basis 

STAIRMASTER 
UFE CYCLES 
CHILD CARE 

AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS-HOIST 

FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 3 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

BEING·FIT ® 
3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

Cloiremoni Squore Shopping Cenier neor lee Ward.-8ehind Famou. Foolwear 

483·9294 
Also in SOSU areo 698-1702. Present thi. ad and 1.0. 

?;]J£i*if 
The t( t'tiifro.te I 

Sung/ass Shoppe 

Over 45 name brands & 2,000 frames in stock from $5 to $500 
• Special orders' ski goggles 

•••••• ••••••••••••• e..3I3MIO I UCSO COUPON I 

I_~ 
I 
I 
I 

I~"" 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
• 
• 
• I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

II EY.lOnDeI. Mon.-$at.10-9 15S5CamlnoDeiMar II 
Del .... Plaza Sun. 11-6 Street Level· 792-9211 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

~urD~swn. ~urChoke 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immediate 

Test Results 

• Pregnancy 
Tennination 

• General or Local 
Anesthesia 

• Affordable 
Birth Control 

• Student Discount 

71te College Line 
535-1379 

ri/;r;t .L' ~IlCfiOICe 
Mmi/y Pllllflllitg 

Associll!es 
Met/iclll ClVllP 



16 

..... 

T h e UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 1, 1990 

Legends of the 
Game 

BudMan's Intamural Soccer Playoff Predictions Ever warm up befOfe an intramural game and get the feeling that the leam you're abou1lO play has been doing !his jus1 a bit longer than you have? l.Iaybe h's the pro1ective bnIces on every 1mb of each team member. maybe 11'5 the as-
saOoilly of seven and eighl·year-okf chlkien on 
thesidelinesyeling. 'Go. Daddyl', maybe it·s the 
pateIles on !he jersey sleeves oom:nemorabng 
!he '7" '75 1M championship season-bui some· 
how. you make !he deduction. 

!am lW<. Q1IIII C9mmtatl 
Men'IAM 
1. The Chiefs 4.() 2·1 looking For Cusler 
2. Duzzy Fuds 3'() 4-1 Good at drinking games . bJ1 soccer? 
3. Le1hal EredlOfl 241 5-1 Wil go ~ il playoffs 
4. Cowboys & 1ndians 2-1·1 7·1 No Chiefs. 
5. Pass The Rasia 1-2·1 25-' Could surpnse, bJ11 doubt it 
Men'aU 
1. Whimsical Yams 5.() 3-5 Won laugh league, should be 
2. Pump & Run 3'() 2·1 May have a loss. may have 
3. Tolong To VlC10ry 3'() 4·1 Always up fOf games 
4. 0r1h0pedIe Shuffle 441 5-1 Great goalie may be difference 

5.~, 241 7·1 pinoccI1io wants you butt 
6. We Put h In 3·1·1 1 ()'1 You gol radar 1OO? 
7. M<M&MIbIe 2-1 15-' ThaI nICe of you. but IIt10 
8. Pele's lOY8 Slaves 2·1 22,1 BIJanan's SlKpOS8 pod< 
9. Dick & His Seamen 2·1 25-1 This is a very d<wlgerous 
, O. eo Knows Soccer 2·' 50-1 He don' know !he WhoIl\SlCal Yams 
Men's'" 
1 Jack Icth & Fun Gus 3'() 1-1 Try desenex 
2. Bush 3'()" 2·, As in Presiden1? 
3. Kaya Pooo & Tofu 241 4-, No delense for arrows and S1k:ks 
4. SuperCOlliders 4-1 9·2 Could be explosive 
5. Andy's Men & A Sal 3·0 5·' Great cheerleader 
6. Juan Valdez 4-1 6-, BeUer 1I1an ooffee 
7. No Brain. No Pam 2'()'1 1()" No win ei1her 
8. Burrise & Jamie 3-1-1 15-1 Smi1h & B;vney woufcf bel on you guys 
9. FICken Sie 2·1 25-1 Same to you felas 
, O. Dectepi1 Old Men 2·1 50-1 My pick to Win in an upse1 

Coed AM 
1. OtgasmicSqueaJ 3-1·1 .. 1 May reach a cIunax il1he finaf 
2. No1hilg S1tJpid 142 9-2 May be seeded too high 
3. Protruclng Creavasses 2·1·2 5-, This Bud's for you guys, now WV1 b 
4. Puss N' Boots H·, '00-1 W~ be in the final , but will !hey \\in 

MARCH MADNESS HITS UCSD 
Tho ___ .. _- .... _~fIom_'--___ "TIooT_ 

- . Tho--. ............ ---___ It·I __ tot_ 
III 

AJI .... - ........ ""s-,. .... wtft_ ............... -._ .. ~ 
..... ~- ... ~_u. c.......,._ ...... ___ c.n,...,riew (134-4037) __ .... 1'....,..,_ .... _ ...... __ .... 1M c:-... 

Tho 1M Do_·._01~ __ PPlro __ ",,",",_..,.--. .... ncIIinc 
-tII......,,--.~---~_8CtIwtt)o_~_ftndout 
juot - ...... 1\1 to win til" tIIll\llO .... ' .,." tot""" picka ___ '-"'I, ...... 
• 1Iw bucka 10 help cove, ....,.01 1._ ... ruod OIl .......... _ . 
--', 1-_10._ ....... 01 ____ • __ 
~ .......... re .. W .... tho, _ up with lor • top 51n _ d ........ : 
IMI1 8&. Q1IIII """""'" Men'aAM 
1 Potpourri 6·1 5-2 Know how 10 win the Close one 
2 Public Enemy 5-2 3·' Easies1 Road to CIlampionsllp gane 3 POlnl Game 6·' 7·2 Veteran S(JJad has taIen1 at all areas 
4 The Herd 5-2 .. 1 Maybe 1he most 1aiem, but no )!a@ 
5 Dinner Is Served 5-2 '()'1 In OYer 1heir heads 
Men'IU 
1 Super Whales 7'() 3·, Won IOugheslleague in AA 
2lagion 01 Doom 7'() 7·2 Great inside!outside heats 
3 Skooks. Maggots. No Cow 6-1 4-1 Throw out the loss. final 4 
4 Smell My FISt 5-1 5-, Big and fast. 1001<. out 
5 Mason's 6-1 8-, Only loss to Whales. by 6 on week , 
Men',,,, 
1 Synthe1ic Tools 7'() 2·1 Could make fml4. of AA 
2 Faithful Wonders 6'() 2· ' These sandbaggers really know the 1TIiIMing of 'A' 
3 Vanila Thunder 7'() 5-2 LII1fe touble wilh lough league 
4 Smoo!h as MilK 6·1 .. , Doing H wi!h tough defense 
5 No WorrMlS 6-, 5·, Wil make opponents nervous 
Men', 5'10· 
, Ounkil Docs 7.() 3·2 No-one has slowed them yet 
2 Tetiyai<i Up !he Y'1Ilg YlIlg 5.() 2·1 Only chalenged once, shouid ge110 finals 
3 Come. Shoot & Dribble 4-1 .. 1 l0S110 Y'1Ilg Yang by 1. oou(d upset I' 
4 MIQh1y Muncllklls 4-3 1()" Could reac:h final 4. bullhats H 
5 Finger Pie 3-2 2().' WOOd be a huge surprise If they won W_'. 
1 VB is JUSI a Hobby III 3·' 5-2 Cn1ies say these gals can, win wi1hout a coadl 
20n a Roll 6'() 5-2 Defending champs are peaking fOf !he playoffs 
3 J«dan's Heirs 4-, 3·' Talented bunch may need a li11Ie help 
4 Somelhin~U Camot Buy 4.() 4·1 Winner 01 easy ieague. unleSied 10 dale 
5 t.IaIetnity ard 5-, 9·2 T a1em nOI a question wf1h these grizzled Ve1S 
Coed M 
1 CIlunkey t.IonMy 6-0 2·1 Captail has !hem fwed up 
2P~Galg 5-1 3·' T riped up once in league. should make finals 
3 7 Point guards .. , 5-1 This squad has • all. wi be hard 10 Slop 
Coed • 
12HwdPosse 5-2 4-, Piled up 500 points In 7 games 
20neUfe 3·1 5-1 AI one tune 1his IM1dl was aI. but dead 
3 WOfS1 Nighlmate 3-2 6-1 Dropping 011 after semin-final birth Ias1 year 
4 Pm and Thog/ls 2·2 1()'1 Longshol cOO<! up681 
5 Siouxsle & !he MOOs 

'5-1 Cui of toughest league 

The Bud Page Is a peid Idvertising feahnJ fOf Coast OisIJ'WUng CompwIy . 

IMtJJ 
CoedM 
, . Our Guys Have No Balls 

2. Medleads 
3. Pene1tale & Score 
4. Nol The Ballet 
5. Dicit Cheese & Walerme10n 

Local Max 
WIIldGods 
Bouncing Breasts 

6. 
7. 
8. Nature 's 
9. Go FOfTheGoaf 
'0. ingrown ToenaJI 

W ....... 
1. Misfits 
2. We Have No Balls 
3. Players 
•. Easy Score 
5. So!<ka' Bro 
6. Irs Not Voleybal 

7. Safari ClIi> 
8. HanrniI's He! Raisers 

4'() 2·5 

3-0 4-1 
3-0 5·1 
2-0-' 7·1 
2·1 15-' 
3-2 22·' 
2·1 25-' 
2·2 50-1 

3-0 5·2 
3-0 4·1 
2-0-1 5·1 
2-0-1 7·1 
4-1 9·1 
2-0 15-1 
2·1 22·1 
2·1 25-1 
'-0-2 50-, 
3·1 75-' 

3-0 ,"" 
2'() 5·2 
3-0 3·' 
2·' 7·1 
2-0-1 '4-1 
1-1·1 25-1 

2·1 50-1 
2·' 75-1 

But !he women do? Maybe at least hair 
on !he chest? 

Wli beal No BaIs in the final 
My mono 
Tahfs fOf sure 
Sbllrying to win a pIayoH ganne 
Buanan's surprise picI\ 
That·s a foul v.ind I Imagine 
Steel bras are the _ 

Bet !he ranch 
Ini1ialIy I thought !hey _e good 
CAJchI That a dir1y way to win 
That's fOf SlXe 
That·s too bad 
This is your Ias1 dance 
Big fISh may make a big splash 
Could surprise 
You have 10 or you won' win 
Nice uniforms 

Defending chlnlpS look unbea1able 
I hope not or your ilegal 
Right on 
I hope so 
th drink to 1hat 
()! really, I woufd think k is by the way you 
play 
Gel your 1id<ets ewIy 

Don'byeany~ 

Take a learn ~ke lies of the Field. a learn 
whose name CII1 be foood on every scheWle in 
every In1Tarnurai sport since lhe program began. 
In fact, sla1istics show !hat 01 aI students lhat 
have gradJaled form Of are attendng UCSD, 
more of !hose students have played a Ulies of 
!he Fjeld lell1l lhan have nol; and !hat !hose 
students have gone on 10 become more produc· 
tive membets of society. 

How old "'some 01 these teams? Take 1M 
BasI<etbaII's legacy, The Herd. Remember !hose 
films you saw In junior high abou1the Mayans. 
IIt10 used to play a fonn of basketbaI? Well. 

app;nntIynotalof!hosellll1l8Swerein1~. 
The Herd was always a tough road game forlhat 
ancient civiIzatIon. 

AI1hough many of !hose original Herd mem-
bers no longer play. !he name has sIuck; and the 
tearn's 1taditions oontinue. The Herd is actually 
a house in Del Mar lhat has been handed down 
fonn one generation of T ri10n BasIa!1baII players 
10 another for abou1 eighI years. 

WI1h so many Herd dwellers having played 
under 1he namesake. the learn has me1amor· 
p/1osized a ~ deal. In fact, none of the 
pr~ Herd oa:upII1ts exactfy know why !hey 
are caJfed !he Herd. 

The sane holds IrUeforllB1Yof OO't.lethus· 
Blah teams aI UCSD. The INn name gets 
hII1ded down MIl aI!he an 01 a royal family·s. 
IlIA alter a fIw genetI1iona, the origin of .,. 

r~~-=~;:~it~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~;-I narne~ber~Md '''-:'==-'~''''''''~ <:» Perhaps youve wondered who ()( wflat a 
HOCKEY PI AVOFF =:b!:!r~=: P R E D • CT. 0 N S !he men and women ~Ofn&:ripps institute. and that !hey are renownedfOfV~ on a theme. 

The SlidIng Drabos 01 softbal and the PucIdng 
Draboe 01 hockey are .,. most prevaIen11Oday, 
IlIA hIIIory ..... lOIT1IleIping Drabos bas-
kellllll ~ II1d ~ a few DrOW!ing Drabos 
In18r\IA)e WIler polo teams, 

laD 8K. 1ldIfa 
W ....... ·s M 
1. Consistendy U'1)redielabte 5-0 5-1 
2. Bus1 a Move 4-, 1'·2 
3. The Czech Navy 1·2·2 6-1 
4 No BaIts, No ProtMm 1-2·1 100-' 

w ....... ·." 
,. Blohazatds 5.(1 3·2 
2. Daring Denizens 4-1 2·1 
3. Ad·HoI< 4-1 .. , 
4. Slick 'Ern Up 3-1-1 1()' , 
5. We K/lOW The Positions 2·2 15-1 
6. Don' Hk Cindy 2+' 25-1 

M ... ·. I4M 
, . Floor withou1 Wax 5-0 5-2 
2. Dozen S1icb 3·' 3-1 
3. Forever Old 2·3 .. 1 
4. !.toke's Better 1harl Pokey 2·2 ,5-, 
5. Puci<ing Drabos 2·3 50-1 

Men·.M 
I. BadNad 4-0 2·' 
2. Slap It In 4-1 4· ' 
3. An!hony Hates Usl 3-1 5-, 
4. Nameless bu1 GraliJaiing 242 7· , 

5. PuckFuck Rise 3·1 10·, 
6. Revengo of the But1Jid 2-0-2 15-' 
7. Shal1ed 2-1-, 25-1 
8. Bracley's Bastards 1-1-2 26-, 
9. Nothing 10 do wrth Neumie 2·1 50-, 
,0Don' CLlTlin our Crease 2-1-1 150-1 

Men' •• 
I.Boog Knows Beer 3.(1 7·2 
2. The Bad SoorIn' Prod U, .. , 
3. Puci<netters 3-1 5-1 
4. Bio Haz·Beens 2+' 6·1 
5. Caribou Noodles 3-0-1 '()'1 
6. Dis<:o Noids 2-0-1 15-1 
7. No Name 2-0 22·1 
8. Puck You & Slick h 2·1 25-' 9. N's On Ic. 2·2 '00-1 
'O.Off My Stick 2·2·, fOO5-, 

C..,.", 

No UncIa l.oYeIac:es hera. WiI choke on .,. 
big one. 

Wli need to! Or bye bye. 
BucMoman's c:IloIce 
No Chance 

Sandy's 1rOOpS need Geri1oI. 
Dare to win h all, Of emba'ass youli8lf 
Budwoman's watching fOf ille9ali1ies 
How high 
WII1t 10 be on top bu1 do\bt 1hey wi! be 
laura v.i! hk &rrfboctt up 

Goalie is a sieve 
Best goeIe In 1M's coukI ~ ~ 
Jus1 don' have .,. guns. 
McSorIey's 01'" hocMy my play with fulline 
Are you kiddOlg . Shoufd be 'M ' lsaacl 

GoaIie's 18e!h will be a factOf 
One mar; team may not be enough 
I hale you l00! Try bowing 
Toug/Ileague with 1M Useless give !hem 
a<tIlI11age 

No PuckI1g chance. tlJdes 
1M Useless should have been hefe instead 
Budwclman's pick 
BaI's 100 small. 
Who's Neumie? 
Who woufcf want 10? 

Bud I hopei 
Need 10 solve 1hat prodl 
Could surprise 
Too old to keep h up 
Wet noodle will limp home 
May be your Iasl danc:e 
Nice ImaginaIior •• learn's play is the same 
Where would you ike me to have h stucIt 
N's Ireezs 
Budman buys il you guys winl 

As for the or9n 01 .!lrabo'. loday's team 
members In S1upified. Qrjy one Saipps stu· 
dent coufd PIt a shaIIy finger on the fMIIling. 
According to Ron Kaufmem, a ctabo Is suppos • 
e<Iy a three-pepered "dgarette' smoked after 
victories by a certain softbIjI 18am In Alaska 
dlXing!he SUIIII1II' league 011973. One of thai 
18arn's members CImI to Saipps !he folowing 
Y8IW and broug/111he term wi1h hint Of course. 
thai story is .. 8CCOIding to a friend of a friend. 

Aller 'f04I 'dawn of Ime' teams, you oome 
10 your teams of Iou'. live, and six yen-yOO' 
dynasIy-enes. These teams havenl qti1e .,. 
history of their older 00UI1I8rJ81s. bJ1they CII1 
be IoIIld in just about every innnual sport. 
There's 1he 00 Yacht Cftb~ prinlarIy of 
ROTC sIudenIII (00 is a nIVY 111m for ~ 
rraI").1I1d "SuparwhaIea II1d PIanIcIon' whose 
members range from the mighty 10 the meek. 

UnIor1una1eIy.1I1isye"S~ooufdmake 
1hespeclesex1inct. 

As for dyansties of !he future, ~ is tough to 
gage the staying power 01111 iltranuaileam. 
but look fOf the !hree-year-okf Swim Fags to 
stake !heir claim In !he 1M hislory books. AaNeIy 
recruiting Jower dassmen. the UCSD swim 1eam 
Is already 5eCIrilg 1hei 1M learn's existence In 
!he lulure. 

ThougIlIley have dominated inttrUJbewater 
polo lhe past 1WO aeasons. the 'Swim Fags' are 
best known fOf the. basketbaI an1ics and the 
fashion sta18ments they maM on the court. 
Speedos and high·tops are the 1tadi1ional '1lOis' 
for the learn. but some INn members .e gel· 
ling bored with the oonS8lVative garb. Jockslrap 
night and WOfnen's lingirie night are upcoming 
eventsfor!heswirrmersnow1hat ~cinched 
a playoff beI1h. A lotaf1y nude game has not been 
ruled oulellher, and o"en oomes up in!heleam's 
long-1erm e~ plill. 

The team's mosl memorable mom.nt 
Withou1 a douIJt. playing beske1baJI in WOfnen's 
speedos agaIlsta ~atemity1earTl-8nd winning. 

-

ts entertainment 

MARCH 1, 1 990 

MfiSTEIt 
SOltltEfiL 

Author Clive Barker 
breaks oat of horror to 
branch oat Into new 
genres. With his latest 
novel. The Great and 
Secret Show. he uncO¥-
en the monster In all of 
as. Story on page J. 

.~ 
1! 

~ 
J 
J 
~ ~------------------------------------------------~ 

I r I 'I ~ , ... ~ 'I ' .. \ , . 

Concerts: 
Aerosmith's Tom Hamilton discusses 
the band's 2O-Year history. P4 

, 

Theater: 
UCSDgroduate student directs Kaiser's 
"From Morn to Midnight." P5 



Party 
Games 

Cardinal Puff: Boot Factor 3 
Cardinal Puff is one of the oldest and best drink-

ing games around. Unfortunately, we can't tell you 
the rules. 

You see, the game's rules and traditions are main-
tained by a sacred orderof members who call them-
selves "Cardinals." The only way to learn the game 
is to seek out a Cardinal-simply by asking everyone 
you meet "Are you a Cardinal?,'-and have him pass 
his knowledge on to you. 

If you succeed in learning the game, whichemails 
drinking every time you make a mistake while 
learning the ritual then you become a Cardinal and 
a keeper of the game. The members of this secret, 
loyal society travel by the creed, "Once a Cardinal, 
always a Cardinal." 

Party Safe n Don't Drink and Drive 
The Guardian does not condone the consumption of alcohol 

by minors. 
Reprinted with pennission from TheComplele Book of BeeT Orinking Games by Ben 
Rand,AndyGriscomandSconJohnston. ~ 1989. Available atlocal bookstores 
or from Mustang Publishing, PO Box 9327, New Haven, cr 0653) ($5.95 plus 
$1.50 postage). 

Mira Me •• Iclwanl. The.ten 
566·1917 

Hard to Kill Angel Town 
Stella/Steel Magnolias 

Born on the Fourth of July 

U.lvenllF TOWile c...... 6 
452·7766 

Men Don1t leave Revenge Glory 
Ha rd to Kill Driving Miss Daisy 

Born on the Fourth of July 

La Jolla Villa •• Th .... n 
453·7831 

Enemies: A love Story My left Foot 
The Hunt for Red October 12 theaters) 

K •• CI •••• 283·5909 
3/1-3/3: Carnival of Souls 

3/4: Hope and Glory 
3/5: A Dry White Season/Sugar Cane Alley 
Eve ry F.I. & "I .• 1 Mld.l,hl: 

Rocky Horro. Plctvre Show 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! ,. ' 01/· -o~. 

- HOURS: 11·10:30 Sun.-Thurs. 
11-11 Fri. & Sot. 

LA JOUA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd .. Ste. 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

, __ 0 

' .. \ 10'" lo 10'10 v"::J!" COlo''' . Mo l Pl. _ 
,1" boO. 

"" 
: 

1-

--------------------I Buy any small, medium, or large frozen yogurt and get I 

: $1 OFF : 

8. What MadoannasongdidHardingcover? _____ _ 
9. What did Harding major in at Cambridge UniverSity? 

Perronnance is at8tOO p.m.in the PC BaUroom. 

Hiatus Staff Box 
Hiatus Editor 
Patricia Jettie 

Associate Hiatus Editor 
Helena leng Loh 

Music Editor 
Bryan Dias 

Editorial Assistants 
Lara Heisler Jennifer Yancey 

Senior Staff Writers 
Christina Huizar 
Nancy Muntner 

Audrey Lyn Winterer 
Staff Writers 

Laura Baker Mike Berta 
Walter R. Bitts Scott Casmer 

Eric Gustafsen Melinda Hamilton 
Josh Odintz Marie Pastemak 

Michael Schwartz Jean Suzuki 

Contributing Writers 
Caroline Altman 

Rarnine Bahrarnbegi 
Wende Bischoff 
James Dartow 

Pierre de Gaillande 
JooeHza Gonzaga 

Kevin HU~QU ist 
James E. Ingman 
Michael Newton 

HIATUS is a weekly supplemen t to the UCSD Guardian. Free-lance materia l is accepted with prior 
editorial approval. 

ATTENTION AI.I. STUDENTS!! 

ESPRIT SAI.E! 
Sweaters, jeans, sweats, shorts, j ackets 
and much, much more! All items are 

600/0 to 900/0 OFF RETAD. 
. SOO/o of everything is UNDER $15! 

Friday &: Saturday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
Sunday from 12 p.m. to 5 p.m. 

Go 4 lights cast of the 80S off Miramar ReI. to 8250 camino Santa Fe 
Hotline : 4 S0-33 23 

I Exp 3/4/90 the second yogurt .JI L_____________________ .. -----------------------------____ .. 

Interview from the 
Dark Side 

Writers often find themselves 
stereotyped withina particular lit-
erary genre. Clive Barker, known 
for his past work in the macabre, 
has broken this mode with his re-
cent Harper and Row release, The 
Great and Secret Show. 

Barker's latest novel is a tale of 
the eternal struggle between gooJ 
and evil, within and around LIS. 
The first book of a planned rrilogy, 
it is a tale of the war between irra-
tionalityand science, and the magi-
cal marriage that can occur be-
tween them within the human 
heart . 

Barker's writing can only be 
called an exploration of the whole 
realm of the fantastic. Armed with 
a background in philosophy, and 
inspired by such writers as Poe, 
Bradbury, and the Brothers 
Grimm, he shocks us with power-
ful, even primal visionsofthe world 
behind our world. 

Barker made his name in the 
horrorrealm with Books o/BIood, a 
collection of extremely visceral and 
violent tales, with what he calls an 
"underpinning of ph ilosophy," 
and, he hopes, "poetry." 

Like Stephen King, Barker has 
enjoyed some success in the thea-
ters with his HeUraiser movies, 
while his most recent film 

TU Tl IR 

WITH VERY SPECIAL GUEST 

Nightbreed is currently playing . 

H IATUS: When did you first 
start writing, and what got you 
interested in it? 

CLIVE BARKER : Writing 
professionally started around seven 
years ago, when I first started pub-
lishing the Books of Blood, back 
when I was thirty. I wrote plays 
previous to that, which I have 
performed in London at the Edin-
borough Festival and across Eu-
rope. 

The interest in telling stories 
goes way back. It's a passion which 
has basically had many manifesta-
tions. I write movies, and make 
movies, and write books, and have 
done the theater stuff-the con-
stant thread is the storytelling 
element. 

H: What got you interested in 
the horror/fantasy genre? 

CB: The work "horror" really 
doesn't do it for me any longer 
because so much of what I've done 
recently, The Great and Secret Show 
and Wealleworld, have not particu-
larly been horror novels. But the 
fantastic, the imaginative sort of 
fiction, chose me rather than me 
choosing it. I never felt my imagi-
nation could go any Y'ay but that 
way. 

EXENE CERVENKA 
~.--------------~(--' 

--_ ........ -----
-- .... . . _ ... -

I think actually what happens 
as a kid is that ir's sort of the 
natural way your instincts go. Kids 
for the most part do no play con-
ventional games, they do not play 
games of spiralling imagination. 
I'm still playing those games! 

H: With all the talented writ-
ers in your field, are there any that 
you particularly respect? 

CB: Oh god, yeah! There's a 
whole list of them in the areas in 
which I write, and in other areas 
too. Most of my, what we'll call, 
recreational reading is in actual 
fact work reading since I pend 
mostofmytimeresearchingwhat's 
coming up in the next book or the 
next movie. 

I still read Steve [King), Peter 
Straub, Thomas Hams, and Ram-
sey Campbell. You know, those 
names come up and up and up! I 
closely watch developments in sci-
encefiction-WilliamGibson,ob-
viously. But r also go back to the 
o ld forms. 

H: In a recent article in "Psy-
chology Today," there was a pas-
sage talking about what it saw as 
just the tremendous explosion of 
interest in horror, and fantasy in 
general, in recent years. What do 
you think is behind this phenome-
non? 

CB: I think the observation is 
fundamentally fake. I mean, there's 
always been the interest, there will 
always be the interest. Horror 
movies have been made in Holly-
wood from very early on, and even 
when they haven't been made (at 
least hugely expensive versions), 
there's always been the kind ofuB" 
movies which have dealt with these 

kinds of stories. 
I think in movies, clearly, the 

stalk and slash "tradition, "-1 hate 
to even use the word tradition but 
there it is --of the eighties, with 
the have-sex-and-<lie story, is on 
the wane. 

r hope we'll see a more inven-
tive and imaginative manifesta-
tion of this kind of fiction in the 
nineties .. 

H: Do you find that your own 
background in philosophy has 
made a difference in your writing! 

CB: Oh, absolutely! I think my 
passion is to entertain, but it 's also 
tostirupfeelingsand ideas! I would 

be disappointed if I got to the 
other end of my life and all I'd 
managed to do was to give some 
people some chills and some spills. 
I wantto give them that, of course . 

During the sexy parts I want to 
make sure they get aroused, and 
during the funny parts I want to 
see a mile twitch on their faces. 
When the book is put down or the 
movie's been seen, I want there to 
be somethmg else going on in their 
heads. 

H: Are there any particular 
messages that you want to teach 
your readers? 

See BARKER, page 6 

SUNDAY, MARCH 4 
8 :00 PM 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

PASSES AVA ILABLE AT 
UCSD BOX OFFICE 

MARCH 2 AT 12:00PM 
PRESENTED BY 

UNIVERSITY EVENTS & STUDENT ACTIVITIES 

3 HIATUS MARCH 1, 1990 



P J . concerts L :....Jl.~_ ... ~.~ _, .. , _ _ ..... '-- , 
Aerosmith is Here to 

Pump You Up 
By Lara Heisler and Jennifer Yancey 

Editorial Assistants 

guitarist Joe Perry, guitarist Brad 
Whitford, drummer Joey Kramer, 
and bassist Tom Hamilton. 

Hamilton wryly added, "The 
part of the movie that really kills 
me is the Stonehenge thing. We 
used to always have problems with 
set5--the way we would envision 
them contrasted to the way they 
turned out. Somebody would 
smoke a joint at the wrong time 
and six feet would be mistaken for 
six inches." 

The band no longer has to worry 
about this kind of misunderstand-
ing, as all members are clean and 
sober. "Drugs were a big part of our 
live in the seventies," Hamilton 
explained. 

Collaborating with Run DMC 
in 1986, performmg recently on 
Saturday Night Live's "Wayne's 
World ," and appearmg hourly on 
MTV, shows that Aerosmith has 
achieved the status of a select few 
otherprestigiou old time rockand 
rollers. 

Tomorrow night, the quintet 
will be playing to a sold-outcrowd 
at the San Diego Sport Arena. In 
a recent telephone interview, Ha-
milton joked about real life as-
pects of Spinal Tap, and discussed 
the metamorphasis of a band that 
has been around the block more 
than once. 

"[They werel a big part of 
everybody's life , but they were also 
a big part of why we broke up in the 
late seventies. We finally realized 
that we all had to get clean. We 
had a lot of meetings, and we even-
tually all made the decsion to get 
off drugs." 

(I to r) Hamilton, Perry, Tyler, Kramer, and Whitford 

After twenty years, the 
Boston-based band not only main-
tains a high standard of quality, 
but also manages to keep in touch 
with and on top of new trends. 

Aerosmithcould easily be called 
the band that Spinal Tap aspired 
to be. They are a true embodiment 
of rock and roll. Their next album 
should be tided Permanently Hip. 

Aerosmith members include 
lead vocalist Steven Tyler, lead 

Cl 199OAT&T 

Confirm ing the va lidity of Spi-
nal Tap's parody of the rock music 
industry, Hamilton laughed, "Paul 
'Kick my ass' Shaeffer's character 
used to be a big part of our experi-
ence. But today, most people in 
the industry are really profes-
sional." 

"I was the last one to jump on 
the boat," Hamilton sheepishly 
admitted. 

Since they have eliminated 
drugs, the process of touring has 
become much easier. Hamilton 
pointed out, "To be truthful, re-
moving the hangover element 

Announcing an offer 
designed to save money 
for people who are, 
well, a bit long-winded 
when it comes to, 
you kIlO\¥, talking on 
the phone, and who, 
quite understandably, 
don't want to have 
to wait till after 11 pm 
to get a deal on 
long distance prices. 

makes touring a blast." To enforce 
the drug free policy while touring 
with Guns N' Roses, a contract 
was drawn up to insure that Guns 
N'Roseskeptal1drugsandalcohol 
inside their dressing room, out of 
sight of any Aerosmith members. 

Another aspect that makes 
touring pleasant, Hamilton ex-
pla •• 1ed, is that, "Now we know 
how to travel. We are able to take 
a private jet insteadofa bus. We're 
lucky to be able to do that, but 

If you spend a lot of time on the phone, the A70f Rooch Ouf' America Plall could save you a lot on your 
long distance bill. And you don't have to May up late to do it. Starting at 5 pm, the A7&f R£acb Out" America 
PiaIZ take1l an additional 75% off our ail'e'.tdy fL-'tIuCL-'(1 t'venmg prices. 

To find OUI more, call us at 1 800 REACH OUT, ext. 4093. 
And don'[ worry, we'll keep it brief 

o..murn """"" 10 001 d...., ctIb _ ~ 10 1>11 . Suncl>y. 1!'tdJy 
__ let...,. noc be lMIbi>i< on ali ~ 1It1!. .~ht choice. 

after being in the business for 
twenty years ..... 

Hamilton added, "We know 
how to communicate now. It used 
to be that when someone was pis-
sed off they wouldn't say anything, 
and then the band would divide up 
into factons." 

In addition to communicating 
with each other, Aerosmith also 
connects wel1 with their audience. 
Hamilton described the feeling of 
beingonstage: "Now that the band 
is playing so wel1, it's like we're 
playing different songs. Songs from 
ten and fifteen years ago sound 
much better than before. People 
love to hear both old and new 
songs." 

Hamilton confessed, "I know 
this is corny, but what really gets 
me off is to see people in the audi-
ence who are having so much fun 
that they are over the top. It's 
great when] see people who can't 
stop smiling." 

Their twelfth album, Pump, has 
enjoyed increasing airplay and 
recognition. In comparing it to 
their previous album, Permanent 
Vacation , Hamilton said, "Pump is 
better Aerosmith. I like Permanent 
Vacation, but on a few songs it was 
evident that the band was groping 
to redifine our style, and redis-
cover a way to fit together. We 
were going through our second 
round of growing pains." 

Furthermore, Hamilton added, 
"Pump is ballsier-bass and drums 
have to dominate." Hamilton 
ranks Pump as highly as 
Aerosmith's critically acclaimed 
classics Rocks and Toys in the Attic . 

Pump has been dubbed politi-
cally and SOCially loaded by critics 
and fans . Hamilton begs to differ: 
"We're not reaUy going for any 
'message' .. . I know Steve [Tyler] 
has talked about 'Janie's Got a 
Gun ... ' being political, but to be 
honest, he just had to think of 
some reason why Janie had a gun. 
He probably read something about 
[child abuse] in the paper that day, 
or it was something on his mind at 
that moment .. . Aerosmi th has not 
decided to get on the soapbox and 
preach." 

No matter how great their al-
bums are, Aerosmith's live per-
formance overshadows anything 
they record . The music and Tyler's 
on-stage antics are not the only 
parts of the experience. The fans 
are too. 

Hamilton said, "We want to 
appeal to everybody. We used to 
attract shirtless, sweaty males. Now 
we have a wel\~ressed crowd, with 
more girls up front ... 100s of girls 
decked out in their best clothes. 
But it's still a hard-core rock 
crowd." And Aerosmith is still a 
hard-core rock band. 

~~ theater 
UCSD Wakes Up to 'Morn' 

By Michael Schwartz 
Staff Writer 

One of the main functions of 
ttheater is to make us take a deeper 
look at who we are and destroy 
false beliefs that we hold. I t forces 
us to take a closer look at our 
values and thoughts as humans. 

"Inourtime, there isan intense 
reevaluation of what is valuable," 
UCSD graduate student Todd 
Salovey said. " Is a job meaningful? 
Is materialism meaningful? Is reli-
gion meaningful? I don't know 
what a meaningful life is, but I am 
passionately involved in the search 
to articulate one." 

Salovey's quest brings him to 
the Mandell Weiss Theatre this 
week with his direction of George 
Kaiser 's "From Mom to Midnight." 
The story is set in the security of 
Germany in 1912, and tells of a 
bank teller caught up in an era 
experiencing the first rush of 
mechanization and industrializa-
tion. 

This work is considered the 
finest example of the German 
Expressionist movement. "To me, 
expressionism is very appealing 
because it is not concerned with 
the photographic surface of the 
real world, but the mysteries that 
exist underneath it," Saloveysaid. 

Rather than utilizing the tradi-
tional structure of following a 

character through a defini te pe-
riod of time in their life, Kaiser's 
play is a station drama, structured 
Similarly toa medieval passion play. 
It follows one character through a 
series of places related only by 
theme and the presence of the 
central character. 

In the case of "From Mom to 
Midnight," the audience follows 
the central character, the cashier, 
through six locations as he inter-
acts with more than forty charac-
ters. 

Beginning in a provincial town, 
the play introduces the cashier's 
world, which is bounded by strict 
regulation. His life drastically 
changes when he experiences the 
touch of an exotic woman. What 
follows is a journey through a world 
not unlike the one experienced in 
today's materialistic society. 

Salovey states, "The cashier 
embezzles a large amount of money 
and goes in search of possibilities 
in his world in order to achieve 
something that is of value to him. 

"What's interesting about this 
play is that it presents a world 
revolving around 1912 in Ger-
many, yet parallels our world to-
day. Kaiser presents a world ob-
sessed with materialism, competi-
tion, sex, and salvation . These 

,Jefferson Mays and Joshua Sebers in the UCSD Theatre production-"From Morn to Midnight.' 

strike me as very current pursuits." 
The current production by the 

UCSD Theater Department is 
serving as Salovey's master thesis . 
"I chose this play because it spoke 
to me about a passionate attempt 
at braking out of all kinds of per-
sonal imprisonments and articu-
lates a quest that I identify With," 
Salovey says. 

Having had its last major pro-
duction in the 1920's, it might be 
seventy more years before the 
opportunity to see this classic 
comes again. 

The play continues tonight 
through Saturday at 8 p.m. and 
closes Sunday night at 7 p.m. at 
the Mandell Weiss Theatre. Tick-
ets are available at the Mandell 
Weiss Box Office 3-6 p.m. week-

days, the UCSD Box Office, and 
at all TicketMaster outlets. More 

information can be obtained by 
caUing 534-4574. 

r-------------------, 
2 TANS $1 
One for You, One For A Friend 

30 TAN DAYS $29 
Lose 6" in 2 Hrs. Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap - Only $48 

Not a temporary water loss. No exercise or diets. 

TRIM & TAN· UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct. • 455-0909 
Pacific Beach· MissionVailey • State College' Sports Arena 

CijlIof detals • 2nd 30 Ian days $39.99 • FnHIne dients 

L ~~.J 
-------------------

u.s. COLLEGE I 

HOW TO BECOME THE FUNNIEST 
COLLEGE STUDENT IN AMERICA 

IN THREE MINUTES: 
• Prepare a hilarious three minute comedy routine. 
(Clean, of course) 

'Win Your Campus Competition 
(At the time and place listed below) 

'Be judged the best in the U,S.A. 
by Jerry Seinfeld, National Judge 

THE PRIZES ARE NOTHING TO LAUGH AT: 
IF YOU'RE NOT COMPETING, COME BY JUST FOR LAUGHS! 'Certs Mints will take the regional winners on a trip 
MARCH 6 TUESDAV 8PM TRITON PUB FREE' to Daytona Beach during Spring Break to perform 

• "' •• '. for vacationing students, and that winner will go to 
PRESENTED BY UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS & STUDENT ACTIVITIES New York City to perform at a famous comedy club. 

I 1 ______________ ·_G_~_a_u_.s_. C_o_"e_ge_C_Om_e_dY_T_-S_hir_t. __________ .. 



Barker 
Continued from page 3 

CB: There's an old line which 
sa s, "If I had wanted to send a 
message, I wou ld have gone West-
ern Union." 

But, no, I think you don't get to 
the end of The Great and Secret 
Show to find an easily compart-
mentalized or easily summarized 
message. For one thing, the book is 
five-hundred-and-slxty pages 
long, and if I'd been able to sum-
marize it in fifty, I would have 
written that down and left it at 
thar. 

Certainly I want the pages [0 
have a kind of richness of intellec-
tual life as well as an emotional 
life. I find the marriage of the 
entertaining, the bizarre , and the 
arresting, With an underpinning of 
philosophy-with thoughts about 
our place in the cosmos - an 
interesting combination. 

H: Why do you think people 
like being scared? 

CB: Well, it's safe for one 
thing, isn't it? It's a confrontation 
with a whole bunch of things, 
which if we saw them in the flesh, 
we'd probably not be very com-
fortable with. 

We have an animalistic desire 
[0 get the adrenalin going, and 
there is, I think, something very 
sexy about getting scared. There's 
something very rewarding about 
the sense that after we've been 
scared, "&y, it didn't happen after 
all!" We've survived, and came 
out unscathed. There's a whole 

gamut of reasons, but I think the 
idea of safe-fear is a major element. 

H: Is there anything that you 
can ay really scares you? 

CB: No, I think I'm pretty cool 
about the world. I don't like inac-
tivity, and I don't like banality, 
and I suppose at its most extreme 
that i scary. Somebody once said, 
"What is Hell?" a.,J I said "It's 
anything forever." 

H: What do you think of 
Stephen Kmg's praise for your 

Those are tastc things. Clearly he's 
a man who has changed horror fic-
tion irrevocably, and for the bet-
ter! 

H: One of your unique talents 
~eems to he your ability to take the 
fantastic and the horrific and bring 
them down into the 
here-and-now, infUSing it into 
reality. What is it that you see as 
reality? 

CB: I think that's part of the life 
I live. We spend a third of our lives 

"There is, I think, something very sexy 
about getting scared. There's some-
thing very rewarding about the sense 
that after we've been scared, 'Boy, it 
didn't happen after aI/!' We've sur-
vived, and came out unscathed. II 

works, which has becn plashed 
across the back of so many of you r 
novels? 

CB: In fact, I don't know if 
you've noticed but that hasn't 
appeared on my recent books. It's 
not on The Great and Secret Show, 
and it's not on the Nightbreed 
publicity. It's time to move on to 
ftesh areas. I'm not writing the 
kind of fiction anymore that Steve 
was talking about when he wrote 
that quote. 

H : What do you think of his 
work, in particular? 

CB: I'm more a fan of some 
books than others. I loved Misery , 
but was not such a great fan of It. 

- Clive Barker 

asleep. I spend ten hours of my 
waking life imagining-sometimes 
very dark stuff, and sometimes very 
brightstuff-thatsortofcombina-
tion is going on all the time. So in 
a sort of way, I feel as if the inva-
sion of strangeness into the ordi-
nary is something which reflects 
the texture of my days. 

I believe we co-exist with all 
sorts of extraordinary forces. I be-
lieve we live in one plane of reality 
which is, if you like, one groove on 
a record, and there are melodies 
being played to the right and left of 
us all the time. 

I believe we are living a stretch 
of physical life which will have all 

kinds of spiritual consequences 
when this life is over. I know I 
sound like Shirley MacClaine on 
ludes here, but I do have a sense 
that this is justthe beginning of an 
adventure, not the end, nowhere 
near the end! 

H: One theme which occurs 
regularly in your worlw. and again 
in The Great and Secret Show. is 
that the monster within us is often 
a lot more terrifying than any-
thing exterior to us, or supernatu-
ral. Is that a genera l observation 
about humanity? 

CB: Oh, absolutely! Over and 
over again, I'm talking about the 
ambiguities inside us, and our 
capacity to do terrible things a 
well as our great capacity to do 
good. 

The battle is going on daily, 
houriy, inside us. I find that in-
triguing. In Nightbreed [Cabaij,I've 
actually taken that one step fur-
ther and made the monsters the 
good guys. 

H: Another theme which seems 
tooccurregularly in your writing is 
that of the marriage between the 
horrific and the erotic. What do 
you see as the relationship between 
terror and sexuality? 

CB: The body. 
H: The body? 
CB: The body involves rrans-

formation. There is sexual trans-
formation, physical transforma-
tion, and corruption, daily. You're 
going to have to find a polite way 
of putting this for your readers, but 
you know you get a hard-on, and 
suddenly your body is telling you 
something you don't have control 

of. 
There are some circumstances 

when we hate to loose control-
when lYe throw-up, when we feel 
dizzy, when we get drunk, or al\ 
kinds of other bad feelings. When 
we get a virus, when we get a 
common cold, our body's out of 
control and we curse it! 

There's other circumstances, 
when loosing control is just the 
best thing in the world! 

H: So you think the relation-
ship between terror and sexuality 
is about passion and control? 

CB: You know there is a part of 
us which definitely wants control, 
and a part of us which wantS to 
throw ourselves over-that wants 
to get drunk, that wants to aban-
don ourselves to physical sensa-
tion. 

These two things, the Di-
onysian and the Apollonian-
that's the way the classicists would 
define those-the controller and 
the liberator, these two things are 
going on all the time in us. Con-
trary forces, contrary instincts. 

H : What do you see as the 
future of horror? 

CB: I don't make predictions 
like that. I know where l'Il be 
going. I'm going to be going into 
wilder and wilder territory, hoping 
my audience is going to follow me. 

There are so many routes, so 
many writers with so many dispa-
rate visions. I celebrate that dis-
parity! I celebrate the fact that 
these individuals have got their 
own dreams. 

Interview conducted by Robert 
Crowther, Jr. 

CHECK OUT 
THE VINYL BLOWOUT 

50 % OFF ALL IMPORT LP'S 
50 % OFF laO's of 

DOMESTIC LP'S 
20 % OFF USED LP'S 

RSSORTED UINYL WRNTS YOUR USED CD'S 
BRINIi THEM IN RND WE'LL BUY THEM FROM YOU 

• 

The home of the 
49¢ haIllburger. 

1 ~ , ad. m UCVo;1/!~m 
1111,0<,,0 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
lL. ..... ~!!!~~!!!!!!~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~!!! ~ ALL AMERICAN MEAL Quarter Pounder" with Cheese. Medium Fry. 
II Medium-Size Soft Drink Cosh valu • . II 1/ 20 01' c~, II I I Limit one coupon per J $1 99 II I I customer. per visit Please US t II 
I present coupon when (I t ) I ordering Not valid with P us ox II 
I I Only at: II ~anY other offer 71~1r~= Rd.@ ~ _ =~h~;~ 1990 123:0 ~~ ~ 

.......... ii .. ~i_i.~ii.i.ilili_ .......... 

DEPECHE MODE & I INEAD O'CONNOR 
ARRIVING M ARCH 20 - DURING FINALS WEEK 

ADVANCE ORDERS BEING TAKEN NOW 
ORDER NOW: GUARANTEE YOUR COPY DD HVE 

Assorted Vinyl 
TOP TEN!!! 

I . OINGO BOINGO "DARK A TTHE END .. •• 
2. MIDNIGHT OIL "BLUE SKY MINING .. •• 
3. PETER MURPHY "DEEp·" 
4 B 52'S "COSMIC THING'''' 
5 DAVID BOWIE "SPACE ODDITY·" 
6. DAVID BOWIE "THE MAN WHO SOLD ... .. •• 
7. DAVID BOWIE HHUNKY DORy .. .. 
B. PHIL COLLINS "BlIT SERIOUSL Y" 
9. DEPECHE MODE "PERSONAL JESUS· 
IO.MORRISSEY ·OUUA BOARD, OUUA BOARD" 

Located in Price Center ~ 
Hours: (0 IU 0) 

Monday - Friday 11 -6 00 0 

Sole Now - - 12.99** 

6 HIATUS MARCH 1, 1990 

Gun 
Taking on the World 
A&MRecords 

Mainstream hard rock has hit 
an all-time low point of medioc-
rity. So many groups basically 
sound and look the same. Gun fits 
that description, and their debut 
albumonA&M records, Takingon 
the World displays this lackoforigi-
nality that currently plagues radio. 

This Glasgow band touts them-
selves as the new Metallica in their 
press release, bu t they are far from 
reaching that goal. Instead of play-
ing real heavy metal, they opt to 
follow the lead of such trendy 
rockers as &n Jovi. But again 
they fall short of the masters of th is 
genre. 

There is a lotof potential talent 
in Gun, which formed in 1987. 
Their influences are quite varied 
(from AC/OC to INXS) but they 
fail to combine their mentors' styles 
into original, interesting music. 
Guitarists Guiliano Gizzi"and Baby 
Stafford have the ability to play 
interesting rhythm and solo gui-
tars, but instead they play generic 
riffs and solos straight from their 
guitar lessons. 

Only two songs off the album 
can be considered as passable rock 

songs. "Better Days" shines above 
the other cuts through Dante 
Gizzi's intricate bass lines, and 
vocalist Mark Rankin preaching 
about their hopes for the future. 

"Taking on the World," the 
band 's best effort, combines the 
use of acoustic guitar with excel-
lent lyrics to convey the problems 
and hopes of a couple. "You're 
holding out your hand/ Are you 
falling! You 're talking to yourself/ 
Nobody's there." 

Actually, Gun is a good band 
that fails to make use of their po-
tential to create hard, intense 
music like Soundgarden or AC/ 
OC. Hard rock should be dirty, 
powerful, and defiant, but Gun 
doesn't display any of these traits. 
Instead, the band sounds like the 
typical Top-40 radio band that 
will have one hit song and then 
never be heard from again. 

Chunky A 

By Joshua Odinu 
Staff Writer 

Large and in Charge 
MCARecords 

For those of you who don't 
know, Chunky A is actuafly 
Arsenio Hall in his "fat suit." Un-
fortunately, that's about the most 

interesting comment that can be 
made about his new album, Large 
and in Charge. Let's just say it's a 
good thing he makes a better 
talkshow host than a rapper. 

The title track and "I Com-
mand You To Dance," are dumb 
and falsely arrogant. "Stank 
Breath" is the only song besides 
"Sorry" that is even remotely hu-
morous. 

The very last song on the al-
bum is what saves the whole effort. 
The song is called "Dope, The Big 
Lie," and itdelivers a message with 
convincing style . It starts OUt 
portrayingdruggies, then proceeds 
to put down drugs with every pos-
sible method. 

One of the most impressive 
verses is: "A high is temporary/ 
Can leave you in the mortuary/If 
Belushi, Bias and Joplin couldn't 
hang/\Xlhat makes you think/You 
can beat this thing." 

Endorsement is probably the 
most effective methos used on this 
cut. There are cutaways to various 
artists, similar to the way the Band 
Aid movement did several years 
ago. Some of the endorsees in-
clude Ice-T, Paula Abdul, Wil 
Wheaton, and Arsenio Hall. Not 
only are the words effective, but 
the music actually keeps the lis-
teners attention on this song, 
which is unique for the album. 

Disregarding "Dope, The Big 
Lie," Large and in Charge is simply 
a weak effort. It fails even as a 
parody on rap as an art form If Hall 
had re leased this cut only as a 
single, he probably would have gOt 
some deserved air time, sold a lot 
of si ngles and saved himself a lot of 
embarrassment. At best, the al-
bum has good intentions. Nice 
try, Arsenio! 

By Scott Casmer 
Staff Writer 

See ALBUMS, page 8 

~ ,~. \ .. , •• \ t \ k ~ 'j 1 1 ~ " 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(FretJ consul/aI/OIl a,1d ',,'Ilal 'rea'menl 15 ml". 120 valus. Flrst·llm" clients D"'Y)' 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
_. Permanenl Hdl' RemoJal 

• American Medical Association 
approved melhods for problem 

· cases and .ensitive skin 
• MediClI and cosmetic electrolysis 

for men and women 
• Female staff, slate lie. technicians 

Alexander's Electrolysis 
LaJolJa VUlage Professkmlll Certter 
Beblnd Elepbant Bar 
8950 Vii/a Lalolla Dr. Sle. 2121 
558-0888 

.IEC 

BIlDWII 

Eyebtows 
Upperl.ip 
CIin 

BiIdnI Une 
FitlgelS 

legs 
Toes 



Albums 
Continued from page 7 

Psychefunkapus 
Psyche{unkapus 
Atlantic Records 

Their name is P ychefunkapus. 
They are from the San Francisco 
Bay Area. They are five in number 
and they can funk. That is all you 
need to know-go buy it. If you 
want elaboration read on. 

There is orne good singing on 
this work, which i the band's self-
titled debut. The vocali t , Gene 
Genie and Manny Martinex, 
stretch from rappy chanting 
("A.M.") to ka/irie vocalizing 
("Slut Child") to punk yodels 
("Je u Crispies"). And yes, the 
lyrics are often intelligent and 
divergent of the "ooh, baby, baby" 
syndrome that so often plagues 
music listener . 

The music i definitely the 
album's highlight, with whipping, 
freaky bass-lines and wah-wah 
guitars coming from Atom Ben-
jamin Ellis and Jonny Axtell. Yet, 
as you've probably already guessed, 
Psychefunkapus i not just a hom-
age to George Clinton. It is also a 
tip of the hat to classic Black Sab-

bath and artsy-rock dinosaurs like 
Yes. 

One of the best things about 
Psychefunkapus is that you can get 
a good, spicy taste of distorted 
metal/hard-rock, without the silly 
demon/mass-murderer album cov-
ers, and without looking at those 
tupid pandex pants with the 

cut-out butts. 
As you can see, there is actually 

more to P ychefunkapus than just 
funkin' out. They have soul and 
they've got peed. They ar only 
two years old, but they can do the 
walk. Give it a go. 

By Kendy Hurd 
Guardian Reporter 

Wendy MaHarry 
Wendy MaHarry 
A&M Records 

Wendy MaHarry is a different 
type of musician. 

Trained at college in art and 
music, MaHarry strayed into the 
highly ~ssimistic art/mUSic scene 
of the early '80s, only to find it was 
just a bit too melancholy and self-
destructive. 

However, by the late '80s she 
was able to tum her life around and 
create some very moving music on 
her piano. 

With her elf-titled debut al-

bum, MaHarry explodes into the 
music industry with an album based 
on her past experiences with art. 

Of the fourteen songs on the 
album, only "Happy Holidays," a 
ong with a slow, melodic begin-

ning that picks up in tempo, stand 
out.This is probably the best song 
on the album. 

With the aid of producer 
Dwight Marcus, MaHarry is able 
to present the public with not only 
a fre h outlook on life, but also one 
that is more optimistic than is 
portrayed by a lot of musicians. 

Some of the album's song titles 
are rather ominous, suggesting that 
MaHarry is still influenced by the 
post-punk, depression-filled art/ 
music scene of the early '80s. 

Yet this is a false suggestion, 
because after listening to Wendy 
MaHany, it becomes clear that 
she now holds a much more confi-
dent view that life is really not all 
that bad. 

Oha Haza 
Desert Wind 
Sire Records 

By James Darlow 
Guardian Reporter 

Ofra Haza's second Sire release, 
Desert Wind, shows a continuity in 
the lush and exotic style that char-
acterized her 1987 American 

debut, Shaday, but with some 
important new departures. Some 
of the innovations in Haza's new 
album can be attributed to the 
change in her producers: she is 
now under the guidance of Tho-
mas Dolby. 

Haza's Yemenite-Jewish roots 
are the focus of many of the songs 
though lyrics in both English and 
Hebrew which discuss a variety of 
social, political, and religious ques-
tions. 

Lyrically, Desert Wind is uni-
fied both in sound and structure. It 
melts together in a subtle Middle-
Eastern style that would be hard to 
recapture solely through singles. 
"Middle East" has a political tonej 
the liner notes poignantly recall 
that, "We could tum the Middle 
East into Heaven, for we all are the 
key." 

"Slave Dream" is a daring de-
parture in sound and style from 
Haza's previous manner. After 
visiting a former slave seaport in 
Brazil, she imagined hearing the 
" creaming voices of people turned 
slaves by other people." The whin-
ing wail of this song creates an 
eerie feeling which is strength-
ened by a pulsating drum beat in 
the background. The song resolves 
nothing and leaves you feeling 
almost uneasy, with the injustice 
that has been perpetrated. 

Desert sands and ceaseless 
wandering are conjured up by 
"DA'ASA," a beautifully evoca-
tive song which has been adapted 
from an ancient Yemenite mel-
ody. The album ends on a religious 
note: "Kaddish" is the name of the 
last song and the ancient Jewish 

A.S. 

prayer of mourning. 
By Beth Gesson 

Guardian Reporter 

The Grapes of Wrath 
Now and Again 
Capitol Records 

If you are looking for a new 
small band to listen to, The Grapes 
of Wrath may be the band for you. 

A Canadian group, although 
not as refined as more established 
bands, comes across as a mix be-
tween the Three O'Clock and The 
Mighty Lemon Drops. 

A reviewer of the band once 
said they were "trying to do an '80s 
version of Fleetwood Mac." This 
is a good description of the band, 
since they claim that Fleetwood 
Mac and The Eagles have influ-
enced their music. 

Their music comes across as an 
interesting blend of country and 
rock. This album is diverse, rang-
ing from upbeat, fast song to 
slower, more reflective ones. 

In terms of lyrics, this band 
offers more than the usual subject 
oflove. The lyrics move from their 
personal struggles to more univer-
al issues. Although not advisable 

for dancing, it is excellent for lis-
tening. 

By Yverre Bobay 
Guardian Reporter 

BOOK EXCHANGE 

A NEW OPTION: 
Fill out an A.S. Book Exchange fonn 

and turn in to A.S. Office. 
Forms found around campus and at A.S. Office 


