
' / 
) 

INSIDE ... 
UCSD Clips .......................... 2 
Opinion ................................. 4 
Features ............................... 9 
Arts & Entertainment.. ........ 12 
Sports ................................. 24 

'. 

University of California, 
San Diego 

OPINION ~ 

War In The 
~!JJ±!!?:::> Persian Gulf? 

L--___ ---l An in-depth look at the crisis/4 

The UCSD 

Tan and well-wrlsted - Elizabeth Tan of the top-ranked UCSD women's volleyball team 
prepares to serve in Saturday'S match against NO.6 La Verne. The match marked the first time 
that any intercollegiate volleyball team has appeared in tie-dyed uniforms. The Tritons also left 
a mark on their opponents, winning 15-4, 15-12, 15-2. Stories In Sports/pages 23-24. 

FEATURES 

A Truly 
Trashy Tale 
Recycling at UCSO/9 

MONDAY 
October 8, 1990 
Vol. 71, No.6 

Committee to Look 
Into 'Alcohol at TGs 
• Police say event is 'threat to safety' 
By Jennifer Meadows 
Staff Writer 

In response to UCSD Police 
Chief John Anderson's claims that 
the Associated Students-sponsored 
Friday afternoon TGs threaten the 
safety of students, a committee has 
been formed to discuss the issues 
and prepare a report by Nov. 12 that 
could bring an end to the TGs in 
their present form. 

A.S. President John Edson said 
he fears that the future of the TGs is 
in jeopardy because an unfavorable 
recommendation may result in 
measures that would force the A.S. 
to stop erving beer at the event. 

"I will fight this tooth and nail ," 
Edson said. 

According to a memorandum 
received by Edson on Friday, Vice 
Chancellor of Undergraduate Af-
fairs Jo eph Watson and Vice 
Chancellor of Business Affairs 
Steven Relyea have requested that 
an ad hoc advisory committee re-
viewconcemsexpressed previously 
by Anderson, considering possible 
safety and liability problems and 
"whether those risks are sufficiently 

high to recommend discontinuance 
of the serving of alcohol at TGs and 
other related campus events." 

Anderson explained his concerns 
in a letter to Edson dated Sept. 17 
that was also sent to various ad-
ministrators. The letter was in re-
sponse to earlier corre pondence 
from Edson asking for recognition 
of recent security improvements 
instituted by the A.S. The im-
provements include the hiring of 
four additional staff members to 
check identification and punch holes 
in wristbands in order to les en the 
chance of minors obtaining alcohol 
and to prevent other student from 
exceeding the three-drink limit. 

In the letter, Anderson wrote "I 
cannot in good conscience write 
anything other than to reiterate my 
position that TG are a threat to the 
safety of students on this campus." 

Anderson contended that minors 
often bring their own alcohol to the 
TGs, making the events an "attrac-
tive nuisance" in terms of liability. 

He also pointed out that drunk 
driving is the leading cause of death 

See TGIF, page 8 

Slain UCSD Professor Remembered Fondly in Service 
• Hundreds attend in honor of Charles William Thomas II 
By Melinda Hamilton 
Associate News Editor 

A memorial service was held 
Friday at the Price Center for pro-
fessor Charles William Thomas n. 
Thomas, a pioneer in psychology 
and education, was murdered Sept. 
29 in El Cajon. 

1be service, attended by tudents, 
faculty, staff, and members of the 
community, filled approximately 
half the Price Center auditorium 
and included musical performances 
and speeches by friends and former 
students. 

Third College Provost Cecil 
Lytle introduced each of the speak-
ers. In his opening remarks, Lytle 
said that at first he had not been sure 
if the Price Center auditorium was 
an appropriate place to have such a 
service because it is used as a lecture 
hall for several classes. 

"It i a room of imagination, a 
room of learning, a room of en-
counters," Lytle aid, adding that it 
was only at that point that he realized 
that the room was very appropriate. 

'" hope that his living memorial 
is not ju t the prosecution of hi 
killer, but we need to send a me sage 
that this kind of wanton violence ..• 
i una ceptable," Lytle continued. 

'This [ ervice] i not a lamenta-
tion. This is a celebration of ideas," 
he said. 

Mike Morgan, music director at 
Francis Parker School and a friend 
of Thomas' ,sang two spirituals ac-
companied by Lytle on piano. Third 
College alumnus and local jazz 
musician Hollis Gentry m presented 
a piece on the saxophone, also joined 
by Lytle on the piano. The UCSD 
Gospel Choir, underthe direction of 
Kenneth Anderson, performed two 
songs, including a mall group 
number that featured a solo by Ben 
Tobin, a Warren College senior. 

A portrait of Thomas, painted by 
San Diego teenager Mike Watson, 
was presented at Friday's service. 
Watson started the painting 
Wednesday after hearing of Tho-
mas' death, and finished it less than 
an hour before the service. The 
painting will be housed at Third 
College. 

"Hundreds of people have the 
honor of being Thoma' tudent. 
All have something in common: the 
love, respect, and admiration for the 
man who made a difference," Third 
College alumna Irma Munoz aid. 

She remembered that Thomas 
refused to allow people to put labels 
on others, calling him "a man for 
human dignity." 

Vice ChancellorofUndergradu-
ale Affairs Joseph Watson began 
his peech by describing the high 
expectations that the University of 

California had for Thomas when he 
joined the Urban and Rural Studies 
faculty in 1971. 

"He was the main link between 
the campus and the community," 
Watson said. "He was expected to 
broaden the university scope of 
scholarship and ideas. He was ex-
pected to change the course of the 
university. 

"His speaking skills transferred 
into the classroom. He was sought 
as a mentor and advisor. 

"His death is a great los to the 
university. We will not be able to 
replace hi unique combination of 
talents, views, and Ideas. His death 
is a great tragedy to those who knew 
him, but an even greater tragedy to 
those who are now prevented from 
ever knowing him," Watson said. 

Third College alumna Georgette 
Powell spoke of Thomas' enthusi-
asm. 

"He taught us to answer the 
challenge of life," he aid. "He 
never aid it would be easy. He ju t 
told us to get to it, to go out there and 
do it." 

She a ked the audience what 
Thoma had always said. After a bit 
of prodding, several voices replied, 
"Plan your work and work your 
plan." 

"We allloved him. Now it' time 
See THOMAS, page 8 

This man was one of many who paid their respects at Friday's 
memorial service for Charles Thomas in the Price Center Theater. 



2 NEWS 

UCSD 
CIJPS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 

Professor to Discuss Japanese-
American Economic Relations 

Professor Chalmers Johnson of the UCSD Graduate 
School ofIntemational Relations and Pacific Studies will 
speak on the subject 'Trade, Revisionism, and the Future 
of Japanese-American Relations" Wednesday at 5 p.m. in 
Room Il IA of the Qlancellor's Complex. TIle lecture is 
free and open to the public. 

Johnson currently IS Rohr Professor of Pacific Inter-
national Relations within the Graduate School of Inter-
national Relations and Pacific Studies at UCSD. He 
taught for 26 years in the Department ofPoJitical Science 
at UCBerkeJey, where he ervedaschairofhisdepanmenr 
and chair of the Cenrer for Chinese Studies. 

An acknowledged authority on East Asia. political 
economy, revolution and !>ocial movements, Johnson bas 
written 12 books. 

His mo t well-known book about China is called 
P easalll Nationalism and Communist Power. Another of 
his books, MITT and the Japanese Miracle , has been 
translated inLo Japanese, Chinese and Korean. 

DanceBrazii to Present Traditional 
Afro-American Perfonnance Here 

Jelon Vieira bas brought to tbe United States from 
Bahia, Brazil, a fiercely energetic and rhythmic style of 
dance/martial art called capoeira. which his DanceBrazil 
company will perform at 8 p.m. Sunday in Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

The ensemble, made up of more than a dozen dancers 
and musicians, is known for its spontaneous performances 

. of the martial arts dance fOmls, capoeira, and maculele. 
The dancers arecolorfully costumed andperfomlto Afro-
Brazilian music. The program will also include the tradi-
tional sanlba, contemporary dances, and the hypnotic 
Candomble ritual dances depicting tbe Afro-Brazilian 
gods. 

Capoeira has its roots in Africa, brought to Brazil by 

Calvin and Hobbes 

'(4\1"'T '" ~II'- O~F' 1W~ S/>.~ 
I. ()J CQH NE(, \\1E'SE OOIS 

~()IJ (lEI '" PIC\lJRE . Bill 
LOOC I DIO I r ,boND 1,50 
Jl!sr " 
BIG MESS' ' r 

1\" . CiVi., 

33 27 . I~ . 

1),1,1) SAlO ~\:; 1'1 IN t. 
"OIlS,- 'f,f>,.<:' BP<Q ('~()\N\l 
/>OND \.\\: 1'Rt.1'E~ 8l 1>\£ ONE 
'(4 1T\.1 I\\E ~Ol\!"'£ ~NT\Il)L 

\ 

The UCSD Guardian 

slaves. The art form was developed under the nose of Ihe 
slave owners, Ihe motions stylized and often performed to 
music, to canloutlage the lethal intenti 11 . 

Hbtorica.lly, capoetm u e the movements of the feet, 
elbows and head, as the hand of the slaves were often 
manacled. Maculele was developed in the ane fields and 
evolved into a stylized fighting form, using sticks and steel 
machetes. 

The two arts were usually practiced in the slums of Brazil. 
although they were periodically banned or supressed by the 
Brazilian oenal code as a "social infirmity." 

Vieira ~iJ, "Capoeira had always had a baul'eputatioll,. It 
is a dance which is a fight and a tight which i a dance. " Many 
of the movementS of urban breakdancing have their origins in 
capoeira. 

Since Vieira came to the United States in 1975, he has 
devoted much of his time to teaching the fonn and bringing it 
respectability. 

Currently, there are more than 30 capoeira academies 
across the country. 

Tickets for DanceBrazil are$18 forgeneraJ adnlission,$15 
for seniors and $13 for students. They are available from the 
UCSD Box Office. 

Alumni Collecting Books to Benefit 
East Rand College in South Africa 

The UCSD Alumni Association, in conjunction with the 
American/Southern African Education Alliance, will sponsor 
a book drive Oct. 8-22 to benefit the East Rand College of 
Education in South Africa. Students are encouraged to bring 
science, math. literature, or other books to the Alumni Ass0-
ciation Office in the Price Center. 

The Alumni Association has joined with the American/ 
Southern African Education Alliance to fill some of the empty 
shelves at the East Rand College of Education, an institution 
dedicated to training teachers for the schools in the ten 
townships that house the black population on the East Rand. 
The population of the ten areas was estimated in 1981 tobeone 
and a half times that of Soweto township in South Africa. 

Michael W. King, a professorof African studies atPalomar 
College, is the executive director of the American/Southern 
African Education Alliance. He recently visited the East Rand 
College of Education and saw the need for books in the college 
library. 

';Black South African students are at risk offailure because 
their elementary and secondary schools, colleges and univer-
sities bave few or no books in their libraries," said King. 

For more information, contact Andrea Moser in the alumni 
office at 534-5630. 

by Bill Watterson 

I ~t GO\" "N lOE:I'. 
rOR. " Sit colli CAll£O 
' Fl>.nlE.1( KNOWS ZILOI " 

ITS Cl nl( ILL I'\'t~ER \1,,'1£ 
A CA £ER IN SPORts UNnL 
[ LEAR 10 SI!P?RE.SS M~ 
S\l R.~I'JAl INSTINCT 

• 

,-

Monday, October 8, 1990 

Artist Taylor to Appear at Scripps 
Artist Tracy Taylor, deSIgner of an exclusive com-

memomtive poster for the new Stephen Birch Aquariwn-
Museum at Scripps Institution of Oceanography. will 
make a personal appearance at 2 p.m. W¢dnesday. at 
Scripps Aquanum-Musewn. 

Posters. which Taylor will sign, will be available for 
piurchase. In addition, she will display and sell original 
WQ!1cs of art, limited edition seriographs, clothing items 
and accessorie~, and other posters. All purchases from the 
event will help fund new emibits in the aquarium-mu-
seum, scheduled to open in 1992. 

Taylor is intematiooally known for her watercolors, 
many of which illustrate her love of the sea. Her art is 
featured in galleries from Australia and Hawaii to New 
York City. 

For more infonnation, call Scripps Aquarium-Musewn 
at 534-4109 or 534-1299. 
Library, Lit. Department Announce 
New Writing and Poetry Series 

The UCSD Archive for New Poetry announced the 
New Writing Series for fall - poets reading from their 
worlcs - to take place on Wednesdays at 4:30 p.m. in 
Room 5 of the Price Center. 

The poets are Diane Wakoski (Oct. 10). Jessica Grim 
and Pat Reed (Oct. 24), Ron Sillin1an (Nov. 7), Stephen 
Ratcliffe (Nov. 14), and Oayton Eshleman (Nov. 28). 

Walcoski bas published more than 18 volumes of 
poetry, one ofwhich won the Poetry Society of America's 
1989 William Carlos Award. She is writer-in-residence at 
Michigan State University. 

Grim and Reed are poetS from San Francisco. Grim is 
a ~tOr of Big Allis magazine and a librarian. Reed. has 
perfonned with Poet's Theater. 

Silliman bas published 14 books and lives in Berkeley. 
He has been a college administrator, an organizer in prison 
movements, and an editor of Sociaiisl Review. 

Ratcliffe runs a small press in Bolinas, California. He 
also teaches at Mills College in Oakland. 

A distinguished poet, editor and translator, Eshleman 
teaches at Eastern Michigan University and is the editor of 
Sulfur magazine. 

For more infonnation on the New Writing Series, call 
534-2533. The series is sponsored by the UCSD Library, 
the Department of Literature, and University E'Yents. 

Due to the UCSD spending freeze, The Monday 
calendar page will not appear until further notice. 

GUAKI)IAN 
PHIL GRUEN, EdItor In Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, lfIJnaglng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, Opinion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, Assoc/ste Sports Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Sports Editor 
JAMES COlUER, DesIgn Editor 
REBEKAH DENN, Associate News Editor 
GREG DIXON, Associate Opinion Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMILTON, Associate News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, Associate News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, Associate Arts Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, Assoc/ste Ans Editor 
PETER KO, Associate Sports Editor 
JENNIFER KOLSKY, Photo Edlto. 
KENT KORZON, Assoc/ste Cop,. Editor 
LENG LOH, ArtsIEnterflllnment Editor 
MEL MARCELO, Associate Gtaphlcs Editor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, Associate Features Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, Associate Photo Editor 
JULIE PUZON, Fetltures Editor 
JEFF QUAN, GnIph/cs Editor 
JASON SNELL, NfJwB Editor 
AlMAS UZGlRlS, Photo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, AssocIs/e Features Editor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, ArtsIEntertalnmant Editor 

BOB DeANDREA, Business AfIInager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
_1Irog .....-.. 0: Doug ShIckIIt 
~ AIIiICInII : L_ Belong,., DM.eI caM, 6OI1Ita MaIwctI. Paolo VllaooIod 
CIrWIltJon: KIll S. Wq. Jot L" 
7lN 1ICSD~1o p!dIIII<l MoncIayS. WecNs<llys.lIId FrkIoysllsOl91ht _ye ..... WId IorIhl_dUCSO.Aopocl.Qonda.._. II1I'totm. _._ .. . ~_ 
pe_IoIO'dly~ Olggo.lIr9I*- 7lN1ICSD_1o"", __ 1or1ht 
"""d_.......,.,m .. .,. TllO_ "P'0S$Id~""," lIIdognodloa ..... _ 
_ cI)""~I1P_"'llpROfOd 7lNUCSO_IlIur-.lrdCdor", .. 1ho A$tOOIIOCI_ TIlt A.I> 10 'fO'I1riond. RooIIj . 

EdiIuriaI: S3«IS8O, ....... 0Ifice: 534·3466, Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD Guarc/ion, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Monday, October 8,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

City Council To Enter 'Mini-Dorm' Debate 
By Kent Korzon 
Senior Staff Writer 

Off-canlpuS student housing, a 
subject that was the focus of eight 
weeks of meetings between UCSD-
area residents and university repre-
sentatives, is now the focus of the 
San Diego City Council as well. 

dorm is. 
What constitutesamini-dorm "is 

a matter of opinion," Mathis said. 
The standard definition of 'mini-
dorm' has been more than three un-
related people living in a single-
fanlily house. 

Single-family housing was "not 
meant to become housing for 

Also, according to Edson, the 
university's alcohol policy and se-
curity costs have pushed students 
off-campus to party in residential 
neighborhoods. High security costs 
have pushed up the cost of events 
on CanlPUS, cutting back the num-
ber offered. 

Today 's meeting of San Diego's 
Transportation and Land Use 
Committee will focus on the 
mini-dorm issue in the UCSD 
area and discuss possible leg-
islation for controlling the 
problem. 

MINI-DORMS: Second in a series 
on the conflict regarding oH-

campus student housing 

"[Assistant Vice Chancellor) 
Tom Tucker has gi venapproval 
to work. in accord with A.S. to 
provide adequate security at 
lower cost," Edson said. 

Specifically, this has meant 
using lower-paid private secu-

rity personnel at events instead of 
police. 

In 1980, similar legislation to 
that which has been proposed in the 
UCSD area was challenged in court 
in SantaBarbara The challenge was 
successful in overturning legisla-
tion that tried to limit the number of 
unrelated residents sharingasingle-
family home. 

According toA.S. presidentlohn 
Edson, a court "can't make a deter-
mination of what a family means .. . 
[the law] is unenforceable alto-
gether." 

According to Harry Mathis, 
president of the University City 
Planning Group (UCPG), though 
the city has a Single Family Rental 
Overlay Zone ordinance, after the 
SantaBarbara case "the City [of San 
Diego] backed off .... [San Diego] 
could not enforce it at [the three-
person ] level. " 

" [The city] seems to be going to 
a higher n:.lmber [of residents] for 
mini-dorms ... around two unrelated 
persons per bedroom," Mathis said. 

The 'mini-dorm' issue is a com-
plicated one, because it is difficult 
to pin down exactly what a mini-

unacceptible numbers [of people]:' 
Mathis said. 

However, there is no limitto how 
large a fanlily living in a single-
fanlily house can become. A single 
fanlily can easily consist of five or 
more residents. but under proposed 
legislation advocated by some area 
residents, four or five unrelated 
roommates would not be able to rent 
that Sanle house. 

"On the face of it, it. sounds like 
unfair discrimination," Mathis said. 

Edson said such legislation "is 
economic discrimination which 
forces out people of lower income 
who need to live together to save 
money." 

According to a rent chart distrib-
uted by UCSD's Off-Campus 
Housing Office, two roommates 
sharing a room in La Iolla can each 
expect to pay between $207 and 

$~16permonth. InUniversityCity, 
the Sanle living arrangements cost 

. between $181 and $321 permonth. 
By contrast, on-campus housing 

for one five-week session of summer 
school costs $550. 

THE MOST COMPLETE REVIEW COURSE FOR THE 

"There is a direct connection 
between the mini-dorm issue and 
the alcohol policy," Edson said. 

The mini-dorm issue was not 
brought on so much by students 
living in nearby residential areas, 
but by partying in those areas. 

According to Mathis, kitchen. 
living, and parking space concerns 
are important, but "behavior is [a] 
problem. "Parties that result in noise 
complaints have fueled neighbor-
hood anger. 

While mini-dorms may not be 
numerous, "one [party] can affect a 
dozen neighboring homes," Mathis 
said. 

"You're not going to' change 
behavior," Edson said. 

Edson feels that fewer parties 
would be held at mini-dorms if the 
university were "to allow greater 
leeway with alcohol in private 
spaces ... [There] should be some 
pri vacy in dorms and apartments on 
campus." 

See MINI-DORMS. page 8 

~~\\WMCAT 
THE MCAT REVIEW COURSE a~ QJCSD 

THE ONLY MCAT PREP COURSE RUN & TAUGHT BY MEDICAL STUDENTS IN SAN DIEGO! 

MORE THAN AN EXAM PREP COURSEdT'S TRULY ONE Of A KIND: 

• TAUGHT BY MEDICAL STUDENTS FOR PRE.MEDtCAL STUDENTS 

• THE MOST COMPLETE & POPULAR MCA T PREP COURSE IN SAN DIEGO-
5 YEARS OF PROVEN SUCCESS! 

• AN INTENSE. l OO-HOUR LECTURE AND WORKSHOP· BASED REVIEW 
PROORAM OF THE SCIENCES. READING & WRITING SKILLS AREAS TESTED 
ON THE NEW MCAT 

• NEW MCATTEST STRATEGIES & STUDY SKILLS 

NEWS 3 

Almas Uzglrls/Guardian 

Name Game - Two UCSD lecture halls bear new names 
this year. At a meeting on July 20, the UC Regents approved 
the renaming of P & L in honor of former Chancellor William 
J. McGill, who served in that capacity from 1968-70. In 
addition, Third Lecture Hall has been renamed in honor of 
Faustina Solis, who held the position of Third College 
provost from 1981-88. Though the names have been 
changed, 'P&L'signs remain to protect innocent students. 

Factory Outlet 
Clothing Sale 
CLOTHING 
50-90% 
BELOW RETAIL 
• Tweeds 
• Bill Blass 

• INTENSIVE SCIENCE PROBLEM SOLVING AND READING SKILLS WORKSHOPS: 
SMALL GROUP LEARNING; INTENSIVE ESSAY WRITING WORKSHOPS WITH A 
UCSD THIRD COLLEGE WRITING PROORAMS WRITING SPECIALlST 

r:-----------:-1 110% OFFI • Calvin Klein 
• OVER 1,000 PAGES OF HIGH.YIEW MCAT PRACTICE TESTS. SCIENCE 

PROBLEM SOLVING EXAMS, CONDENSED FORMULA SHEETS & REVIEW NOTES 
PROVIDED TO ALL STUDENTS 

• MEET & HAVE DlRECf CONTACf WITH CURRENT MEDICAL STUDENTS; 
DISCUSSION OF THE MEDICAL SCHOOL APPLICATION, ADMISSIONS & 
INTERVIEW PROCESS, & LIFE ONCE IN MEDICAL SCHOOL DIRECTLY FROM 
THE MEDICAL SfUDENT PERSPECfIVE! 

• FREE TAKE. HOME LIBRARY CHECKOurOFTHE BEST COMMERCIALLY 
AVAILABLE MCAT & SCIENCE REVIEW MATERIALS 

• PERSONAL TurORING & SCIENCE STUDY GROUPS INCLUDED IN PROGRAM 

• ABOur HALF THE COST OF OTHER REVIEW COURSES 

~ tE 
SPONSORED IN PART BY THE SPECIAL AOMISSIONS SUPPOAr PROGRAM. UCSD SCHOOl Of MEDICINE 

CLASSES BEGIN JANUARY 19TH IN PREPARATION FOR THE APRIL 1991 MCAT 

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CALL: (619)456-4848 

I to 011 students 1 1 wih cosh purchose I 
L ___ !~I~~~ ___ .J 

Wednesday 
thru Friday: 10am-7pm 
Saturday: 10am-6pm 
Sunday: 12pm-5pm 

• Limited Express 

• APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE • 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 

Miramar, California 
(619)-450-3323 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

By Ben Boychuk, Opinion Editor 
It's one of the biggest military mobilizations since 

Vietnam. Over 100,000 troops and support personnel, 
tanks, attack helicopters, fighters , bombers - the 
works. The United States has commirted itself to what 
could be an extremely bloody confrontation with 
Saddam Hussein. There really is no question of whether 
or not there will be bloodshed. We will go to war, bur 
we will run Saddam into the ground. 

Let Ple be perfectly clear: war is a terrible thing. I 
don't want to go to war. Nobody wants to go to war. 
War is bad . .. but Saddam is worse. 

Whether we realize itornot , the U.S. has committed 
itself to using force to punish Saddam. We have 
moved massive amounts of military hardware into 
Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirate, and the 
water of the Per ian Gulf. What was originally in-
tended to be a defensive buildup has gradually trans-
formed into something much more ominous. Let's 
face it, the F-118 stealth fighter and the B-52 bomber 
are far from being defensive aircraft, and the M-I 
Abrams tank was specifically designed as a fa I attack 
tank. 

Military force is a wonderful political tool. When 
Saddam amassed 100,000 troops along his border 
with Kuwait, the idea was to intimidate the Kuwaitis 
into cutting back on their oil production. Iraq was 
taking a beating from the Kuwaitis, who were making 
an economic killing by flooding the market with cheap 
oil and undercutting the market. 

Unfortunately, Saddam got a bit too anxiou 
and was overambitious. Afterall, it's one thing to 
control your weaker neighbor's oil production 
through intimidation, but it 's much easier to 
control hi oil production if you have your hand 

on the switch. Saddam de-

Sudan 

The UCSD Guardian 

COMMENTARIES 

OVER THE HORIZON? 
• It is only a matter of 
time before Iraq will fall 
cided to add a few more oil wells to his southeast, and 
did so in what amounted to a few hour ofmaneuvers 
for his army. 

Pre ident Bush is using flexing his military mu cle 
in hope causing the bully Saddam into backing off. 
Saddarn is tough, but he knows we are tougher. 

Saddam, however, is an incredibly sly and stub-
born man. He knows U.S. forces can overwhelm him. 
That i why he has been trying to bolster the strength 
of his army over the past month or so. U.S. forces now 
will have to contend with an army of more than 1.6 
million men. Well trained or not, 1.6 million men is 
a huge force to overcome. 

Saddam has also been buying 
himself as much time as pos-

must think thaI the 

Saudi Arabia 

Monday, October 8, 1990 

U.S. will unleash its military might upon him,there-
fore, he must fi nd ways to make such action difficult 
- or even impossible. Saddam's taking of hostages 
was a step in this direction. His annexation and gradual 
re-population of Kuwait with Iraqi citizens has been 
another. So far, ti me has been on his side. The U.S .. , 
there under the guise of defensive forces, has not been 
able to attack. The U.S. needs a legitimate excuse to go 
in, but so far, Saddam has not delivered. 

But, by giving Saddam time, the U.S. is putting 
itself in a position where its vital interests could be 
totally compromised. Saddam cou ld place Bush in a 
position where he would be unable to act without 
doing a great deal of political damage to himself. The 
world community hates Saddam, but if he were to 
make some concessions, it might lighten up. 

However, concessions do not come without condi-
tions. Saddam will not bow to diplomatic pressure 
unless he gets something out of the deal. But Bush has 
already said: "Saddam out. No deals." To back down 
from that position would be a horrible blow to U.S. 
prestige. So, the U.S. has no choice but to go to war. 
We cannot back down. We cannot let Saddam win. 

And we won't. Although the conflict won ' t be a 
Panama, it will not be another Vietnam, either. The 
military, the public, and the Congress are committed 
enough (so far) not to make the same mistake twice. 
When the time comes, the action will be decisive and 
as swift as possible. 

And now, we wait . It' just a marteroftime before 
an Iraqi or an American G.L fires the shot that will be 
heard around the world's television screens, or oil 
prices get so high that Bush gives the order appease a 
restless public or Pentagon. Or Saddam starts killing 
hostages. Or any number of things. 

It 's just a matter of time. 

Terrorism: 
• u.s. should fight fire 
with fire towards this 
type of aggression 
By Greg Dixon, Associate Opinion Editor 

From the streets of Ireland to the cafes of Djibouti, 
innocent people are being caught up in the growing 
problemofintemational terrorism. Terrorism seems to 
be a growing problem for many nlltions of the world. In 
few art!3S is terrorism as deeply rooted as it is in the 
Middle East, where many rival factions, a surplus of 
weapons, and money for these groups suppol1 terrorist 
activity. 

Few nations have more ties to terrorist organiza-
tions than does Iraq. As the American presence in 
Saudi Arabia grows and Saddam Hussein feels grow-
ingpressure from the United Nations sanctions against 
him, there is the growing danger that terrorism could 
become the foremost weapon in the struggle of Iraq 
versus the world. 

Terrorism offers Saddam Hussein a great deal of 
advantages in his fight against U.N. forces in Saudi 
Arabia. First of all , it is a low cost venture: One suicide 

See TERRORISM, Page 6 

Monday, October 8, 1990 

• Should the U.S. Excercise 
Military Force to Protect Its Oil 
Interests in the Persian Gulf? 

Gary Burchem 
Fifth Junior 
Political Science 
"I don't think military fore J should 
be the first option, but there aren't 
too many diplomatic options left." 

Fritz Mlckadelt 
Revelle SenIor 
Physics 
'I don1 even know if thars the 
question anymore because Bush 
is committed. Unless Hussein 
pulls out there is no option. Bush 
has to save face in the 
international community." 

William Overend 
Revelle Senior 
Political ScIence 
"Hussein has no plans to pull out. 
Unfortunately, I don't think we 
have any other choice." 

IsaacNam 
third Freshman 
Mec:hanlcal Engineering 
"We will definitely use force. War 
is ineVitable." 

PNrChung 
third Senior 
S1ructural EngIl1III1ng 
'Hussein won't leave Kuwait on 
his own. The CIA says he's nJt a 
bad guy, just very aniJitious. We'll 
have to use force to get him out.' 

IIIIIn IIIcIrn.' GuWIn 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

INTERVIEW 

Hasan Kayali: Mi~East Expert Suggests U.S. 
Action Is Good But An Arab Solution is Better 
Inter" by Greg DIxon, ~ ~ Editor 

G ...... : Do you think that there wiD be a war in the middle east 
between 1be UN foo:a and !be Iraqi foo:a? . 

...... ICa_ WeIlfirstofall,mygutfeeJjpgis thatlherewoo'tbe 
a miliUuy OOU611 datim. at_ not in !be near~. But, one little 
clarificalion-!befoR:es therearenotexactly U.N.foR:es..Ilhinkthat's 
an impQtldpoint. There's UN, support b-!be blockades and several 
UN. member states bave SCdIroOp8 but it would be incoIlecI to define 
miliIary build up there as an UN, one. 

G: ~ wercac:ontUctin!be MiddleEawdoyou1biDlt lbatthere 
would be raislance 00 1be part c:4 eIemenIs within !be Arab SIllIes 
involved? 

K: WeII,Ithinkthereis-itisquitepoaiblelhaltherewiDbeagJeld 
deal of intana1 qJpOSiIioo in pnctically aD Ani> 001 ....... outside the 
Gulf ... and by that I mean Saudi Arabia 8IXllbe 00UIIIIies of all the 
easaem hin&es of !be peuinsu1a. As it Is, Ihe measuJeI that Ihe Arab 
govClDlneots are 1aking are ootentbely ~wi1bin lbeircoontries, 
so there is likely to be a lot of opposi1ioo to sane kind of Arab 
involvement in asbootiog war against Iraq 1m big 1m that involvement 
doe5 not take place WJder the autlDity oflhe UnitedNllions. 

G: Doyou think that the people in the various Arabcountries would 
prefer that this be handled as an Arab solution to the problem or would 
they oot object toOUlSide fortes- say American, British or French-
playing a major role? 

K: I think most Arabs would prefer wcxking towanIs a solution 
. 1lI1del"!be U.N. auspices m Ihe best ammgemenI from their point of 
view woold be the U.N, activating regional ~ such as Ihe 
Arab Ltague. i:K form new Arab orpnizaIic:Jm and give the primary 
RSpII lSihiUty for the resolurioo of die crisis to 1bese regional bodies. 

G: Doyoutbinktbatlhereisadiplomalicsolutioolbatcouklresolve 
tbis crisis in !he short term? 

K: flail depaxls on whIl you mean by IaoIlIlion. I think, as it Is, a 
catain 8IDOUd of dII •• bas been cued and I dCIl't tbink nne 
dlpkmldcactivitywiDbriDglheftlgiootowhllitWMbeinAug.l,but 
IIIillthinkourbestbetisinadiptcmllicsolutiooifyouWlllttOminimize 
watdwicleec.uanic dIrneae-~ PI 10 oil is 1be priuIary [c:oncem) 
in1bis whoIeafliiranddamage IOsrability in Ihe regioo andUtanal in 
theArabandocberoelgbborlna CClUImies. 

G: Saddlmlbseinbls beeomakiaa aklcofcJaims NCedly IIboua 
KuwaII bIYiI8 bisIoIkIIlybeeoa partoflnlq.How vaJidis IbIcclllm? 

K: IchillktholecJaims_quileserious. 'lbDbasisoflheclaimistbil 
wbeo the Otkman anpiJe was diIsoMd, when boundaries .". 
a\WIIId bIbB VIIiousBmqlelmQIIIMj III in 1be Jqioo.1baI1bB dne 
oaam..proYincesofBan.&apdad,IIIdMulolweftlDupuo1lledin 
wIIIl WM CIIIed 1rIq. Jb aD of tbe8e bolders are anificiIl boIdIn. 
Saddam HUS!Iein's .-gumD is dill in 0II0awt limes, Kuwait was 
eaerDIlyadistrictoflhe pn:MnceciBura wbicbeYallUaDy became 
one of 1be provinces dill 000IIiII1Ied Ihe new 1liiie c:4 Iraq. 

Wen. fint c:4 aD, MIl if 1bis wae IbB case in dis edire cxnext of 
eDwina new lJoIDBira •.• dis would DOt be a valid ~ical claim. 
Maleover.1CuwaIt WM notRlllly a part c:4ewo IbB pn:Mncec:4Baa. 

As early as 1899,theOttoman Fmpirebadrecognizeda kind of British 
pIaectoraIe in Kuwait, so even the Otuxnan hold on Kuwait was quite 
vicarious in 1920 when these borders were re-<lrawn. 

I shouJdalso mmtion onelll'glllJX'lllofSaddam Hussein is that Iraq 
has never really reoognized the boondaries of Kuwait after [it] was 
COOSIituted as an.independent stare as late as 1961. Now the British 
withdrewin 1961 and!beIraqisdidoot recognize theboolers of the new 
indepehdll! d Kuwaiti stare. As a matter of fact, they sent troops in 1963 
- wehadareplayofthis who1etbingasearty as 1963. They have never 
m:ognimd Ihese borders and have threatened to occupy Kuwait at 
dift'erentpoirU. butthefactthallhishappened,of~doesnotconfer 
any bistorical rigbIs to Iraq. 

G: Doyou lhinkthat SaddamFbiseinacruaIly haddesignson the oil 
fie1ds in Saudi Arabia? Do you think that there was a genuine desire to 
go past Kuwait and into Saudi Arabia? 

K: Wen. this is hard to substantiate becauseil is sooutrngeous that 
it is hard to know whether there were any limits to this. My feeling is 
lhIIsein might oot have ovenun Saudi Arabia or those parts of Saudi 
Arabia where there are the oil wells immediately, but had he been 
allowed a free hand in the region - and that is, had there not been the 
intemationalreaclionthattherewas--hemighthavecenainlyexteOOOO 
his ambition into Saudi Arabia. 

G: What is your opinion in genemI. about the response of the U.S.? 
Specifically, in sending troopS and in imp\etnt'nting ecooomic sanc-
tiom. 

K: On the one hand, I think taking action against Iraq was essential. 
And the U.S. achieved that by sending a1argeamountof equipment and 
1arge nwnbers of troops to the region. Once this bas happened though, 
I think it would be in the best inlerestofthe U.S. - as well as the region 
- b-the US. to seek U.N. authority forfurtheracticn I think the U.S. 
ple&ei1Ce, wilhhelp fu:m Ihe alJies, has oomribuled to the success of the 
b1ocbde. Of course, It's [too] early to len if the blockade is actually 
successful, but one really needs time to see if the blockade will get 
amywhcre, .. 

This is anoIhIl!' rea8Ul why I feel all parties. or at_ the United 
SIaties ..• should refrain &om a shooting war in the near funJre until one 
sees Ihe effect of the blockade on Iraq. 
. G: HowtDldl dlmlgec:an Ihe U.N. embargo reaJistiatlly intlicton 
.Iraq, .. ...;."it's aafun:ed? 
K: IIbiDIc it will hurt Ihem a IoL First of all, Kuwaiti oil was !be IJ'IClU 
iI ...... cQDluodity in Iraq. Althis poinr.lhey arenotin a position to 
be able IOlItll [KuwaiIi] oil AD lhepipelinesaresbutdown, there are no 
bu)UI out there. Bccue c:4the pepondealUCe c:4 oil in me etUlDIny, 
IrIq. evallboushit has !be poIenIiaI. has not develaped ill agricIlIIIR 
15 namlS itoould have. So, I think Ihere are 1imiIs. Now Ihey can JIy 
IOcWdvIIe axe and pay I'DCR aIIIention 
to1beirfldcultureandJlylofeecllbeirpeople,8ureveotuaIly,IlhinJtme 
bIoctade will be Vf!IlY effective IDi wiD paraly2Je IbB Iraqi etUlDI1ly, 

G:Doyoulbink1bereisacleirsoluliontolbisproblan asolulion 
thai wiD be .x:epJabIe to boIh sides? Specific:ally towan:ts Ihe Unilcd 

See KAYALI, Page 8 



6 OPINION 

the copy center 
457-3775 
La Jolla Village Center 

near Ralphs 

• Resume Package 
• Self Serve Rental 
• 24 Hour Access 
• Close to Campus 

10% Off Self Serve Macintosh® Rental with 
this coupon. Expires 11-15-90 

WELCOME BACK UCSD ... 

IT'S TIME FOR DOMINO'S PIZZA. 

CALLUS! 
452-UCSD 
FAX 452-2230 
3211 Holiday Ct. 

Hours: 
11 am-l am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 

r~~~~~~/;-~~~~~;~Z r;~~I~~~--r: ~.ELUXE DEAL r ... SPECIAL r. ~(>UBLE DEAL 
I OneMedium OR TwoMl'dlum $12 00 TwoMl'dium OR Two~e 
: $9r;e- $13;;:- : ' • ~~ : $1~ $1~8 
I Onr Mo!N~ llooa ... ·• ORlGlNAL I I 0tI0 .. l'Iw. _ .,Ilo _ Onr lMt.lloouoo. ORlClNAL "'" Two a><dNOl ORlClSAl « PAN I p_rn.hM_ou... I . ,lhchoiloplo'rwo_oI"", I ' ..... """IorONlYSIO.ORT ... 

50 ... ".l1li er- P'1'l"" 1ar000Y c_ AND 2 """" lDioI .. 0is10cl lo"._ """,lor ooly lllll .... I IUl.plloolll, .. p .... Iar,..II.QO I lor ~ 11110 pIuJ •• ""poll I .... _ 9)( "'~ pot ..rN. 
""'" ONlY Ill !! pl" 0' No "'I"iooI. PJo... ""''''''........... pIZU. If.ll-.. b pot 10". pozu, pIuJ I .. __ oo.r.;". ... O'O"'l I anHrl", Oller p>Od ... llri"'l'" I .... OlIor ..... .. OoJ."'l' .. Corryout 

I «Co"""L lUST ASKl • I Corrywt. G I 1l5T ASK! 

II UpnoIUll /to. IIIE>!>omIl/MJJ. III ~2~_0/I.· 1I 
Not ..... will "'1-"" . I Noo ........ "'1_o/I". . 1- .. yNl)' • 
----------------------------------

Limited delivery area to ensure safe driving. Our drivers carry less than $20. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 8,1990 

COMMENTARY 

No Draft, No War, No Worries 
By Michael Malervy. Contributing Opinion Writer 

To those of you who are concerned about the prospect of being drafted, don't wony. There will be no draft. 
This is because a war is unlikely to begin. It would take an act of aggression by Iraq against our military to stan a war, 

a war Saddam Hussein desperately wants to avoid Despite his rhetoric, Hussein knows he cannot win a war against the 
United States. When Hussein 'sanny overran Kuwait, they invaded for oil. AI the time of the invasion, theIraqi economy. 
based largely on oil, was unstable. By invading Kuwait, Hussein hoped to raise the price of oil. Hussein must not have 
believed that the world would unite in anger because ofhis invasion. Had Hussein been aware of the anger that resulted, 
it is doubd'ul that he would have gone through with his invasion. 

International economic sanctions have been successful against Iraq. Iraq recent! y reversed an earlier decision to give 
detainedforeigners foodrationsandallowed womenandchildrentoleaveJraq. These policies werechangedonlybecause 
the sanctions were working, not out of the goodness of Saddam's heart. 

Assumingthe worst, ifwarwasdec1aredagilinstIraq,civiliansstill would not be enlisted. TheAmerican~already 
stationed in the Arabian desert, COIllbined with troops from Great Britain, France, and other nations, would be large 
enough tooverwhehn theisolatedIraqi military. Futhennore, Hussein does nottoleratemistakes from his military .lhose 
who err in the Iraqi military are assassinated. This would cause the Iraqis to fight conservatively, and quickly go down 
in defeat. In addition, Kuwatis who have been forced to join the Iraqi anny will not fight, resulting in a morale problem 
for Hussein. 

The prospectofadraft would force supportforourinvolvement inthePersianGulftoerode. Americans havesupported 
George Bush throughout the crisis because not affect has been seen in our daily lives. The possibility of you or I being 
sent to fight for oil would be enough to incite protest, and thwart plans for a draft. 

A draft, if initiated, would be hindered by the problem of exemptions to conscription. Will our conscripted forces 
consist of minorities and the lower class, just as it did during the Vietnam Wall If so, an outcry will be heard from the 
special interest groups protecting minorities and the poor, bringing an end to our military involvement in Saudi Arabia 
If no exemptions are granted, our legislators' children would be sent to fight. 

The war hysteria of July and August has subsided. Coolerheadsarestartingtoprevail,andAmericans are beginning 
to realize that we are only in the Middle East for cheap oil. As impatient Americans tire of our military action, and 
international support for our cause fizzles away, the prospect for war will decrease, and so will the chance of a draft. 

TERRORISM: Our Worst Nightmare 
Continued from page 4 
driver in a ttuck. full of explosives 
killed over two hW'WJred Marines in 
Lebanon. 

While such an attack would be 
militarily minor considering the 
lOO,<XX>+ servicemen in theGulf, the 
~~effeammy~ 
attack would be great. 

Americam have demonsIraIed in 
the past that support for overseas de-
ployment eX troops wanes quickly 
when young men begin rauming in 
body~. 

Thisoould be ooexce1lent way for 
Husscin 10 divide the American d0-
mestic support for Operation Desert 
Shield. 

Temxism is also very difficult to 
trace directly to any one organizaIim. 
If an orgariZJllion does not claim re-
sponsibility for a terrorist attack, 
Hussein could claim that he had n0th-
ing to do with it and that some other 
group was to blame. 

It would be very difficuh for the 
United Nations to prove differently if 
the attack w~ to occur outside m the 
Middle East If any anned response 
weretobemadewithoutproof,itcould 
dividesuppolt fortheoperation in the 
Gulf. 

Terrorism has the additional ad-
vantage of being I!IlpI'edictably 00r-
rible.InEuropeandSouthAmerica,as 

well as in various parts m Asia, there 
are many who could be altadced by 
terrorists and they rnay begin to feel 
nervous about their security. 

DistaR:eisool:louOOaryfororgani-
zatiooswhichbavestrucktargetsfrom 
ScaJaOO to South Kc:x'ea. 

With all of the above advantages, 
tem:xismshouldbecxmideredalikely 
occurrence in tDJdt eXthe waid. Al-
ready, a cafe in Djibouti which ~ 
frequ&ned by Frm;:h soldiers w~ at-
tacbd by IarorisIs, killing two chil-

dImand~OO1er 
people. This &aid is likdy to be the 
first in a series sponsaed by the Iraqi 
govemncnt am its allies. 

The governments of the wort" 
slnIkl be ready 10 deal with these 
attacks. Many nations already have 
their forces am diplomatic missioos 
across the gIobeonalertforthis type of 
attack. Unfatunately, it is aIma!t inr 
possible to stop a determined terrorist 
with no regaJd for his ofm own life. 

There is, however, a way that this 
problem can be stopped at its source. 
The answer to terrorism is to confront 
it While we do not have to oopy their 
methods, we should at least speak in a 
language that they WlCIerstand. We 
should use military force. 

This approach has workedforboth 
Isl"del and the Soviet Union in the past 
and worlcedforashorttimeforthe U.S. 

After the first aIUd. against an Ameri-
canfacility, unit, orindividual, orif any 
harm canes to a single America1 
"guest" in IraqoroccupiedKuwait, the 
U .s.shc,Ju1drespond withintwentyfour 
hours with a small scale Slrikeagainsta 
pre-selected target in Iraq. 

A chemical weapons plant or mili-
tarysupportSlalion wouJdbeappiOP i-
811efor1hefirstincidml.Bagtxiadwould 
be anexcellert t8rJet for further actioo 
if the first is not sufficia1 

These 8IIIds should be surgical 
SIrikts. The pIIIJlOSe eX Ibese sttikes 
would not be to destroy Ir.p cmlbal 
capability, 1:U 1lIIher., aem the mes-
sage: "America will not IOlendIe the 
endaIlgtiiiltitofitscitizms,anywhere 
by anyone."This shouldbespelledout 
WlCIQuivocaDy 10 anyone who invites 
our aggression. 

While this solution sowxIs dra<itic 
and will have c:wx1eltS, it is the best 
way of dealing with terrorist organiza-
tioos. By making it c\earthat America 
will bring the wJlC tone to our 0ppo-
nents we will discourage further ac-
tions by our c:wx !ellIS. 

.AOO whi\e Iraq rnay object to our 
medlods,l3Insurewewillextendthem 
thesameCOW1esythattheyextendedto 
theEmirofKuwaitduringhisspeechat 
the UN. and the courtesy he showed 
the Kuwaiti people when he armexed 
their nation by force. 

WHAra 
YOUR 

IUllNEII? 

PrintMasters ® 
Tell the 
UCSD 

community 
by placing a 
display ad in 
the GuardUln. 

If you saw 
this, so did a 
lot of them. 

your local full service quality printer 

eo;;~ tJ.lfri /f((J~e/ 
• bindery 
• resumes 
• announcements 

• FAX service 
• reports 
• desktop publishing 
• 1 -4 color printing 
• photo copies 

Hours: 

ftfJA (}/~CP"l(t 
(Students/Faculty) 

Moo - Fri 8:30 - 6:00 
Sot 11 :00 - 3:00 

UCSD Guardian 
ADVERTISING 

(619)>>4·3466 
FAX S}f·7691 

7770 Regents Rood SUite 111 (619) 546·7885 FAX (619) 546 - 7892 

Monday, October 8,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

COMMENTARY 

Fear In Jerusalem 
• For one UCSD student abroad, the Gulf crisis is a vital concern 
By Joshua Odlntz 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Before leaving for Israel, I promised my 
mom that 1 would be careful. I told her I 
wouldn ' t hitchhike or take packages from 
strange men. I did this to assure her that all 
would be well during my year abroad. 

But nobody could predict that Saddam 
Hussein would invade one of the richest 
countries in the world. 

The invasion created an initial confusion, 
and a panic among the 54 EAP students. We 
didn't have TV news, and the only radio was 
the BBe. Rumors told us that Saudi Arabia 
had been invaded all in preparation to strike 
Israel. 

We all gathered in the telephone lounge 
and panicked until the Israelis told us what 
actually occurred. 

For the first time in my life,l was actually 
terrified. No one knew if Saddam's chemi-
cal weapons could reach Tel-Aviv or Haifa. 

The next day, we telephoned our parents, 
and right away they asked many of us to 
come home. My mom told me it was my 
decision, and I told her that I would stay. At 
that point, all of our news was in disarray. 

The Jerusalem Post, our English news-
paper, printed editorials on the front page, 
proclaiming that Israel was in "imminent 
danger." 

Our parents fed us stories from the U.S. 
news and even invented some in order to 
convince us to come home. The best story: 
one student from Berkeley - who has since 
gone home because his parents cut off his 
funds - told us that his parents had heard 

that an airliner was hijacked over Baghdad, 
and that 400 people were being held hostage. 

The rumors continued to proliferate. A 
paper in San Francisco ran a story that all 
Israelis had gas masks, and I waited for the 
anny to deliver mine, but no one showed up. 

Our parents asked some of us to buy gas 
masks, butthey don't help without the proper 
atrophin injections, which aren ' t included in 
the $150 price tag. The stores were sold out , 
anyway. 

W hen the U.S . sent troops to the Gul f, we 
were convinced - as was the rest of the 
world - that war would begin any day. 

Israeli soldiers were placed on alert, and 
all day during classes we could hear the 
constant sound of planes patrolling the 
Northern Galilee. 

We continued to gather every night out of 
the need to be with others to share our fears . 
Then it happened - the first student went 
home. His parents made themselves sick 
over the Gulf crisis and refused to listen to 
the advice from the State Department, the 
EAP office in Santa Barbara, and Sam Haber, 
our EAP coordinator in Israel. 

Our hearts sank, for we realized that any 
one of us could be next. 

Fortunately, the situation calmed down. 
Hostages were released, and we even began 
to ignore the crisis. Until this week. 

During Rosh Hashana, the whole country 
is closed. There were no newspapers from 
Wednesday until Sunday and we were 
oblivious to the world while we celebrated 
the New Year. Yesterday brought a -new 
terror to us. Sam, at our weekly Mohday 

f' 

meeting, told us that the likelihood of a US-
Iraq war had increased. In addition, Time 
magazine had pri nted an article (which all of 
us have read) which claims that Iraq has 
missiles pointed at Israel and itend to use 
them. 

None of us take Saddam's threats seri-
ously, since there have been so many. But 
this one rang with the threat of war. 

Once again, our parents requested that we 
return to the States, and their offers are more 
appealing. 

This time, the fear is real. 
Two weeks ago when tensions were low, 

the UC group hada meeting on what to do in 
case of a chemical attack. We took turns 
learning how to adjust these masks properly 
and how to affix the filter. Most of us laughed 
the day off, and it was a wonderful picture 
opportunity for the Koala, but now we are 
glad that we have this knowledge. 

For most of us, the feeling is a sickening 
pain in the stomach which bugs us constantly. 
Some of us don 't sleep as well at night; 
others try to not even discuss our dilemma. 

But the fear is real , and war appears to be 
inevitable. 

We all hope that Israel will continue to 
remain on the sidelines, and that the conflict 
will be resolved without hann to the US 
troops. None of us want to return to America 
until our year is up. Even with the Iraqi 
threat, we go about our daily routine. 

But we sit at night, wondering what news 
tomorrow will bring. 
Joshua OcIntz Is a Guardian staff writer, 
studying abroad In Israel 

OPINION 7 

Kayali 
Continued from page 5 
State , France and Britain - the 
western world. 

K: Lookingatit from a regional 
point of view. what I think has 
emerged as one of the Arab solu-
tions to the crisis might be work-
able. By that I mean an arrange-
ment whereby some agreement 
can be reached about the vast oil 
field that straddles across the two 
borders [of Iraq and Kuwait) , 
perhaps by first stopping produc- _ 
tion there and latergoing into some 
kind of sharing arrangement. 

It is possible that the strategic 
concerns of Iraq could be ad-
dressed by designating the islands 
off the Iraqi coast that belong to 
Kuwait as demilitarized zones. 
Perhaps that and the presence of 
U.N. or Arab peacekeeping forces 
that would relieve some of the 
strategic worries Iraq eerns to 
have, and within the framework of 
these concessions, induce Iraq to 
withdraw from Kuwait. 

Now of course there 's a prob-
lem with this because once this is 
all done, Saddarn will have 
emerged with something out of 
the entire crisis and that' s not the 
best precedent while everyone is 
ellpecting anew world order. But, 
as I said. a great deal of damage 
has already occurred politically, 
economically. internationally and 
the damage can be minimized by 
really appeasing Iraq. but with a 
minimum of concessions. 
Hasan Kayaliis a professor of 
Islamic Studies and Middle 
Eastern History. 

A Brighter Image For You 
Want a more fulfilling social life with a dazzling, 
eye-catching smile that mesmerizes people? 
Why not you? 

Why not a nice, pearly white smile? Cleaner, whiter teeth are possible! 

BACK TO SCHOOL SPECIAL 
$20 CLEANING Be EXAM 
or 30% OFF any dental procedures* 

*If you have Insurance 

OPEN ON SATURDAY I EVENINGS 
ONLY 10 MIN. AWAY FROM CAMPUS 

CALL DR. RAD 490-8089 
~ hlllllltAw ..... 

490-8099 
3737A Moraga Avenue #A-107 
San Diego, CA 92117 

• lIoraga Au . I I 
lIor.na a I . 

z+ 
1-5 

II! 



8 NEWS 

TGIF 
Continued from page 1 
among 18-24yearolds, andassened, 
"It only takes enforcement-minded 
officers a short time to make arrests 
at TGs to demonstrate the ineffec-
tiveness of the controls in place." 

In an interview Friday aftemoon, 
Anderson elaborated on his position. 

"It can best be summed up by 
saying John [Edson] and I obviously 
have diverse opinions on the value 
oftheTGs and theirimpacl on safety. 

"[fGs] conflict with what we're 
trying to accomplish on campus, 
which is to control substance abuse 
and the related problems," Anderson 
said. 

Anderson added that he believes 
it is hypocritical of the AS. to be 

projecting a campaign message of 
student safety while promoting an 
activity like the TGs. 

Anderson said UCSD is the only 
university he knows of that serves 
free beer to students at a public 
event. He added that he would not 
have the same objections if TGs 
were closed to thepublicand limited 
to UCSD students. 

In response to charges of hypoc-
risy, Edson said that while safety is 
a primary concem, they must also 
consider the fundamental questions 
of student morale and retention. 

"To many students on this cam-
pus [the TG] is a source of pride," 
Edson said. " I have been and will 
continue to lobby the administra-
tion to save the TGs. 1 will use 
whatever degree of credibility I have 

THOMAS: UCSD Professor 
Remembered in Service 
Continued from page 1 
to do our work and finish his work." 

"Thomas had more confidence 
in us than some of us had in OUf-
selves.Heallowedu to think freely 
and tochaIlengehis thoughts," Third 

senior Michael Richardson said. 
"He taught us to say no, to chal-

lenge authority, and to take risks," 
Munoz said. "Once a student of 
Thomas, always a student of Tho-
mas." 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 8, 1990 

established with the administration 
to the fullest." 

Edson contends that it is short-
sighted to think that cracking down 
on this kind of campus activity will 
cause people of legal drinking age 
to alter their behavior. 

"I think the police department is 
only considering their own interests 
by moving the problems out of their 
department, off-campus, and into 
the family of the community," he 
said. 

c\osed-campus event rather than a 
public event as an option if that was 
a condition for approval . 

He added that the A .S. has uied 
to work cooperatively with the 
UCSD Police Departme nt by mak-
ing self-imposed security improve-
ments and initiating alcohol aware-
ness and safety programs, such as 
the "Tipsy Taxi" free ride home 
program approved by the AS. last 
week, but he said that Anderson has 
given no leeway at all. 

John Edson 

According to Edson, changing 
the fonnat of the TGs would only 
force more student activities and 
events off-campus, which he says is 
contrary to what members of the 
surrounding communities want. 

Edson also said that he would 
consider changing the TGs to a 

Special Services Director Nick 
Aguilar will chair the ad hoc com-
mittee, which will also include 
Anderson, Edson, GraduateStudent 
Association President Daved Fre-
mont, AS. Business Office Manager 
Van Jahnes-Smith, Alcohol and 
Substance Abuse Committee Chair 

Dalynn Proffitt, and Assistant Vice 
ChancellorofStudentPrograms and 
Facilities Tom Tucker. 

MINI-DORMS: Edson Suggests UCSD 
Alcohol Policy is Part of the Problem 
Continued from page 3 

He said that the issue of ban-
ning beer at TGs and the pos-
sibleeffectofthaton increasing 
off-campus parties "has nol 
been brought before the 
UCPG." 

Mathis said that while such 
issues are between the students 
and the university, " there ought 
to be more flexibility" with on-
campus events and a "better 
capability of police and students 
to work together." 

While UCSD students living 
off -campus defmitely are a part 
of the mini-dorm problem, 
Mathis also agreed with Uni-
versity City Community Asso-
ciation President Bob Vilven 
that students are not necessarily 
the entire problem. There is a 
"tendency to assume [mini-
dorm residents] are UCSD stu-
dents," Mathis said. 

"It's unfair to single out stu-
dents," Mathis said. 

"Students are a suspect class 
[ of people]," Edson said. 

No legislation has been en-
acted yet on the problem, and a 
hotline has been set up to handle 
complaints and to mediate be-
tween angry area residents and 
off-campus students. The pro-
gram was modeled after SDSU's 
Good Neighbor Relations Pr0-
gram and coordinated by the A.S. 
and Off-Campus Housing. 

"At SDSU, students run the 
program. Here, university em-
ployees run the program," Edson 
said. 

A resident who calls the hot-
line must have the names of the 
students living in the mini-dorm. 
UCSD will verify if these renters 
are UCSD students. 

ACCOrding to Edson, " a form 
letter" informs the renters thaI a 

complaint has been lodged 
against them. It explains "pos-
sible consequences" to their 
continued actions. 

"We can't punish them in 
any way," Edson said. "It's a 
scare tactic." 

At the same time, a leiter is 
sent to thecomplaintants, letting 
themknowlheirneighborshave 
been contacted. If complaints 
continue, the panies can "be 
referred to [a mediation ser-
vice]," Edson said. 

"I don' t think the issue has 
been defused by any rrieans, but 
communication helps," Mathis 
said. "[There is] a call for com-
promise from both sides." 

In addition to this morning's 
city council meeting, the UCPG 
will hold a meeting at 7 p.m. 
Tuesday at 4150 Regents Park 
Road behind the La loll a 
Marriott, in the Community 
Room. 

THE GUARDIAN INTERNSRIP. 
It may not sound like the hot spot of the UCSD social scene. but n really is a great place to meet people. 
Not only will you meet other interns and cool Guardian editor-types, but you'll get to meet the local 
professional journalist and former Guardian editor who helps run the whole thingl You'll even meet 
Dave Wyner. Don't be afraid if you missed last week's meeting - be there tonight! 

TontgIIt at 7 p.m. 
San Franclsco-Santa Cruz Room, PrIce Center 

CLAIRE MONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vons) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Next to Plua Hut) 566·6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURIST AVAILABLE 

PROFESSIONAL & 
GRADUATE SCHOOL 
INFORMATION DAY 

Mon., Od. 1 S, 11:00 AM. -2:00PM. 
Career Services Center Plaza 

Recruiters from graduate an~ 
professional schools across the 
country are coming to answer 
your questions about degree 
opportunities in a wide array 
of fields. Special admissions 
concerns will be addressed by 
affirmative action recruiters. 

Co-sponlOf'lld by: 
Ca~rSennc.sCenNw 
Office of Gradua .. Studies & Research 
School of Medicine/Special Admissions Support Program 

, 

Monday, October 8, 1990 

FEATURES 
The UCSD Guardian 

• Local recycling effort expands, prospers 
By Kent Korzon 
S6nior Staff Writar 

FEATURES 9 

Recycling is a practice that has expanded rapidly in the past few years. 
Efforts are being made both on- and off-campus to involve more UCSD 
students in recycling programs. 

The University Center Board, in conjunction with The Food Co-op, the 
Associated Students, the University Bookstore, and the Recycle Co-op, 
began a recycling program known as the Precycle-Recycle-Preserve Pro-
gram at the end of last academic year. 

The Precycle-Recycle-Preserve program encompasses both the collection 
of recyclable materials from the Price Center and Student Center, and an 
effort to reduce recyclable waste generated there. 

While Precycle-Recycle-Preserve is far from campus-wide, Peter Snee, a 
student involved with the program, said,"[The program] is going to con-
tinue to grow." . 

Recycle bins for collecting clear glass, newspaper, and aluminum have 
been placed at various high-traffic locations around the Price Center and 
Student Center. These 20 bins cost $75 each, and have collected "at least 
1 000 pounds of aluminum, several tons of glass and almost three tons of 
newspaper," Snee said. 

Rita Schaft, a student working for Precycle-Recycle-Preserve, is respon-
sible for collecting the recycled goods from the Price Center and delivers 
them to the Recycle Co-op on a daily basis. The Grove Caffe is responsible 
for the collection of recyclables from the bins placed at the Student Ce~ter. 

See RECYCLE, page 10 



10 FEATURES 

I UCSD STUDENT I 

BIG MEAtDEAL 
-- \ 

--
---- \ 

-
---- \ ~ \ 
Any regular \ 

ldtllidt , 
footlO!1g Sill . ,,~ \ ft dfltt'" ~ \ 31-0 Z. SO \ large 

~. Valid only ot Cosio Verde 
& Miramar locations ::d~b:Il~;Of~C;h~iV:S:::::::::::::::::!~ Plea .. pre.en. UCSD 1.0 . 

6780 Miramar Rd. Behind Carl'sJr. 549-6969 
8650 Genessee in the Costa Verde Food Court 558-6811 

UCSD FITNESS 
SPECIAL 

./ 

ONLY $20 PER MONI'H 
on 0 monthly basis 

AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS-HOIST 

fREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 

STAIRMASTER 
UfE CYCLES 
CHILD CARE 

3 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

8.'NG-"r® 
3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

Clairemont Square Shopping C.nler near Lee Wards' Behind famous Faalwear 

483·9294 
AI", in SDSU area 698-' 702. Present this ad and I. D. 

$25.00 Ini~atian Fee 

LSAr and GMAT 

• Immediate test results 
• Analysis of Test Questions 

• Learn Valuable Test-Taking Techniques 
• Fee of only $25.00 

The UCSD Guardian 

RECYCLE 
Continued from page 9 

While the bins aredistinguished 
by their colored lids and the spe-
cial signs affixed to them, one of 
Schaft's main concem is that 
"people throw trash into the con-
tainers [designated forrecycling]." 

Currently, Snee is involved in 
discussions with Physical Plant 
Services (PPS) to expand the col-
lection of recyclable materials 
across campus. Snee would "like 
to put [recycling bins] at Galbraith 
Hall," where trashbins " usually 
overflow" with cans, paper, and 
glass. 

"[The bins] should be all over 
campus," Snee said. 

The second phase of the pro-
gram, in effect now, introduces a 
"Precycled" thermal mug. It has 
been estimated that vendors in the 
Price Center and Student Center 
use over I 0,000 paper cups in one 
week. The goal of the Precycle-
Recycle-Preserve program is to 
cut that usage in half. 

By using thi s one mug over and 
over again, the amount of paper 
cups wasted will be lowered. This 
will reduce paper manufacturing, 
and ultimately save trees. Themug, 
which costs $1.49, is an ins ulated 
container with a lid and is avail-
able in 22 and 12 oz. sizes. It is 
availableatany of the food vendors 
in the Price Center incl uding The 
Sunshine Store, and at the Food 
Co-op and Grove Caffe in the Stu-
dent Center. 

Once purchased, the mug can 
be used anytime, at any of the food 
vendors in the Price Center or 
Student Center. The purchaser 
will receive a discount when us-
ing the mug, paying $.69 for a 
cold drink from vendors in the 
Price Center, $.LO off drinks at 
Espresso Roma, and $.69 for a 
uniform coffee refill at the Grove 
Caffe. 

However, the mugs cannot be 
used everywhere across campus. 

"Campus Food Services is not 
involved," Snee said. "This i a 
University Center project." 

According to Snee, the pro-
gram is modeled after one begun 
at UCLA. "lim Carruthers thought 
it was a good idea to tan th is 
program," Snee aid. 

The program is non-profit, with 
any revenue from sales of the mugs 
being used topurchasemoremugs. 
The University Bookstore, which 
sells the mugs, " is committed to 
the program," Snee said. 

"We've just about run out of 
ourfirstthousand," Sneesaid. "We 
can't get them fast enough ... The 
faculty and staff have really taken 
to the program." 

Snee pointed out that ways are 
being discussed to increase the 
mug 's portability so that more 
students can carry the mugs from 
their backpacks, "perhaps with a 
strap of some son [to attach to the 
handle of the mug]." 

The General Store Co-op is not 
selling the mugs at the moment. 
According to Snee, the Co-op "sees 
[the] program as only supponing 
Price Center food vendors. There 
have been discussions about pUI-
ting in a soda fountain over there." 

The Precycle-Recycle-Pre-
serve program works closely with 
the Recycle Co-op. 

Since 1979, the Recycle Co-op 
has been an all volunteer group 
that wants people to think globally, 
act locally. and recycle, The group 
regularly recycles such materials 
as glass, aluminum, newspaper, 
computer paper, and white ledger 
paper. On a less frequentbasis,the 
Recycle Co-op also picks up wood 
pallets and telephone books. 

The Recycle Co-op has placed 
its bins, dumpsters, and "igloos" 
all around campus, providing over 
22 sites fordepositing recyclables. 

The ndn-hierarchical, non-
profit organization organizes all-
voluteer " work parties"to pick up 
recycled computer paper from 
around campus, while contracting 
with a local company topickup the 
recycled glass and newspaper. 

"All revenues from collected 
goods [from thePrecycle-Recycle-
Preserve program] go to the Re-
cycle Co-op," said Ali Cleaver, a 
student working with Precycle-
Recycle-Preserve. 

Off-campus, Solana Recyclers 
is a North County coastal recycling 
service. A number of current 
UCSD students and alumni cur-
rently work with the program. The 
program was made possible under 
contracts with the California De-
partment of Conservation's Divi-
sion of Recycling and the County 

Monday, October 8, 1990 

of San Diego's Department of 
Public Works. 

Solana Recycler's program fo-
cuses on community outreach. 
People are encouraged to become 
"block leaders" to promote recy-
cling in their neighborhood. They 
can set their own hours and serve 
as many or as few houses as they 
wish. 

Patricia Grimes, community 
outreach coordinator, said that 
Solana Recyclers has "over 100 
block leaders right now." 

In development right now is a 
"guinea pig project" for youth 
block leaders. The program is 
geared toward elementary through 
high school students and encour-
ages recycling and environmental 
awareness among children. 

A second part of the youth 
program is fundraising through 
church groups, Boy Scouts, and 
Campfire Girls . The project has 
"won a couple awards for work in 
the community," Grimes said. 

Brooke Nash, a UCSD alumni, 
founded Solana Recyclers, "start-
ing with [a] little truck," Grimes 
said. "She started at the Solana 
Beach fire Department and quickly 
outgrew the site." 

At the moment, Solana Recy-
clers occupies a much larger site at 
137 North El Camino Real, with a 
24-hou r drop site . The program 
serves Solana Beach , Encinitas, 
Del Mar, Cardiff up to La Costa 
Boulevard, and seeks to expand 
into Rancho Santa Fe. They also 
handle commercial accounts, in-
cluding the Belly Up, and other 
restaurants, real estate offices, and 
schools. 

Another concern of Solana Re-
cyclers is the continued use of 
styrofoam. Styrofoam is virtually 
non-degradable, and highly toxic. 
Sea birds which often mistake 
floating Styrofoam for food are 
poisoned by its ingestion . Solana 
Recyclers distributes educational 
pamphlets on the effects of 
Styrofoam and altematives to its 
u e, such as using popcorn in pack-
aging, and usi ng paper cups for 
drinks. 

While the local recycling effort 
has grown into several active pro-
grams, Ali Cleaver, a student 
working with the Precycle-Re-
cycle-Preserve program said,"We 
have a long way to go." 

• • 

Monday, October 8, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

A Note to the Discordant 
By Stephanie Simon 
Contributing Writor 

A single note sounded despair-
ingly in the desolate Land of Mu-
sic. A single, lonely. yet lovely 
note, played against a world of 
discordant booms,jars. screeches, 
clashes, pings and pongs, dings 
and dong1>, and n multitude of 
other ~uch inharmonious noises. 
The lonely, single note cried out 
sadly for the Land's last hope. 

Things weren't always so hor-
rible here. 'Once upon a time,' the 
mystical Land beheld the most 
wondrous music: hundreds and 
thousands of glorious, splendid 
notes and tones and sounds, all 
played together in perfect Har-
mony, in such a way that no single 
note or ound could match. A cer-
tain blond, bright-eyed child could 
remember that time, for that was 
how it existed in her last visit to 
this fantast ic land. It was the single, 
lonely note t hat drew her back now. 
Discord ruled. The still-bright-
eyed, not-so-young child knew 
Harmony must be restored. 

"Dear little note, why play you 
your lonely sound? Why do I hear 
all those who were once friends 
conflic t so harshly now? Now, it is 
so cold and dark, while in all my 
past visits it was bright summer!" 

As if on cue, a harsh clash 
thundered , and a screech creamed 
angrily in response. 

"Every sound fights now!" the 
lonely note squeeked as an answer. 

"Oh, sweet Melody, young musi -
cal genius, I'm 0 glad you're here! 
The Demon of Discord has come, 
and he ha mothered our Land of 
MUSIC with a black, ice Cloud of 
Discontent that has drowned out 
all our Harmony!" 

The lonely note need not even 
ask for Melody's help, for it knew 
from past experience that the gi rl 

would gladly volunteer. 
" We must hold a meeting of all 

Music immediately! I promise you 
dear note, Harmony wi ll soon rule 
again!" 

At the meeting, not every note, 
tone, and sound showed up. Many 
disagreed with the idea of min-
gling wi th 'different ' kinds. 

A flat, off-key chime argued, 
"Miss Melody, you think you can 
solve any problem, but you're just 
a ' ! 5-year-old HUMAN music 
player. What do you know about 

Savor the 
shopping at 

Costa Verde 
Center 

aIldlunch 
is on us\ 

u ? Why should I have to harmo-
nize wtth thoseNOlSES? The n ght 
way to rid my Land of this dull 
Cloud is to first rid it of all those 
noi5Y, horrible low notes!" 

A low nole boomed its reply, 
"IT ' S NOT US WHO ARE 
NOISE! WE ARE MAGNIFI-
CENT! YOU lIIGIi KEY 
SQUEAKS ARE THE PROB-
LEM!" 

Suddenly, the place was over-
whelmed with an angry tumult. All 
of Music blamed one another for 
the present lack of Harmony. Little 
did they realize the true cau e to be 
their own discord. 

The lonely note sang its cry. 
Even Melody was confused. "Dear 
little note, if only they stop blam-
ing one another. .. That 's it!" 

At that moment, Melody real-
ized that no o ne sound, and no one 
tone , was better than any other, nor 
even one anyone note. Only when 
played together was real, harmo-
nious music made! 

"Play , lonely nOle, playa brave, 
insistent, beautiful song of Pride 
and Harmony, Play such asong, of 
need and brotherhood, love and 
unity! I will play along!" With 
that, Melody pulled out from her 
pocket an old, decaying flute, now 
in its dying years and capable of 
playing only a coupleof rusty notes. 
Even so, the song they played was 
beaut iful, but s till it lacked diver-
s ity. If only it were to be played 

See NOTE, page 16 

FEATURES 11 

Collegiate Crossword 

ACROSS 
1 1"011-= f 

"In B~ :t 
Ie Prt':I'!I1'J~ 

.. wJ 
I) PPI .. I I' 

.. P,r ~ f.t 
n rn 

• :,01' C11Jt'; 
• 11 (p'I"rpl • pot 4 

,J ·res -
,Ii Sn'ntt'" ,1 4-0<: .. " 
;6 Mtu Reedy 

~7 "",, S ~r.ttlld~1'I 
28 Ii ,r'rd 
29 o~d DJ ttl! 1 ps 

an.d ~ttf "05r 
Ye> ... ]PI Fr. 60"r· )'_t'.' 30 :'Cfress ~ ... r~·-

11 o,,~'t$ 22 - ~ldY f.l ~ 1 
lJ. ; .. 'o:nii .. " "djd!,nt." 
2, !iP~ c;f ~ln 

2~ F'd~trn tl 
in· ~l4t :In 

2R ~etd1 f"e'Hrdlnrr 
32 fa r'fS 
3] • lis 
ja Bper 
35 Ben _.1'11" rolf: 
16 Eschews 
37 (Qr:1~l>tent 
38 ,rpnc" CO'" 
39 - ana d 

proljer 
40 Sent 
.11 tounq b'rd 
4) Sln~'i i Ie .t:ro ~) 
4': Pr'O font-dll t .. ,am 

DOWN 
1 'I:.st' J'\ ne, 

• n~t'Jc, Id la. 
, RI)I!1~,.tlC 1IPf"1"Q 
4 rdl!lQ~~ .I1d~U· 

t;ol'" 
) (h4t'1'f'nq tr.e 

\o",nc ud I ty 
6 H r'sute 

An11Q-~~.cn \14'1. 
a tu""dl"ed' Fr. 
9 eceptcH.l,<; 'Cir 

" ,~e"<;, 
10 .. Mlp 
11 P e 

t~ Cptjj cc ... erlng 

l 

)) eg p."ts 
36 S-i 11'11 
)1 8itter dru9 
19 r~ber tl'1e -
'l,) \;:tlul deotic. 
42 tofd5 '.i l~ II"! 
IlJ >;11'";; Oougl.s 

feUtlru 
:15 Tale lnt" Of'lP 5 

'\111111 
~5 r4')rrl 
~:' S ,."'ese 
4R .Qepo"e 

~9 Gulf of -
51 ""155 f4a)"tllO r th 
Sl R~l'~lous ""age 
-,4" pas1 poIn t 
',5 ~re"ch numbe ,. 

Answers on page 16 

• 

shops and serVI(. ·1.hing vou need 
yoU can set everp\are, and g('\ 

in one sunny . 
lunch in the bargtun. 

B ' 50 01" more in c;en\er U,\ · d' d '''ct a frl't1 men. han lSC an ~ cl'rlitl-
5 00 \..unch ~\one~ . {' l 

. _. toward )'u\lr ()(It ('ate. ~oou f 
. .h ' '1\ an,' nne (l 
putt. d!'>( < • u Centl'r 
thl'sl' Costa \I (~r e . 
raterics: 

,\Ilil;lt" 's piLLa <1. 11(\ Pa!>ta 01\,(1 la . '. t 
. _'" . 1:I'o"cn"\ ol,Ur Hctul S " 

Hut WOkC.lfl' . 
1 \1 ' S"a~ Restaurant 1...1 () a . '" 

1r \Jlllla\d!> • 
~mlp J.::,chan~t' 

S Ub\\3'\i • 
Sushi Bar K a 1.\\I1\\ 

Ll Salsa 



TS & ENTERTAINMENT 

Jerry Zucker (left) directs Patrick Swayze and Demi Moore in Paramount Pictures ' summer release "Ghost." 

From the Ridiculous 
~To the Sublime~ 
• The director of 'Ghost' discusses Laughter, Sex, & Death 
By Leng Loh 
Arts & Entertainment Editor 

While Jerry Zucker's mid- ' 80s hit "Ruthless People" left 
many women gleefully making grab ' n' cut motions in the 
ai r (a la Bette Midler in a menstrual castrating frenzy), his 
latest mov ie has left behind a Kleenex executive's wet 
dream: theaters all over the country fi lled with women 
tearfully reaching for tissues. 

That'S qui te a change of medium for a director know~ up 
unti l this summer for comedies like the disaster movie spoof 
"Airplane!" and the cult classics "Kentucky Fried Movie" 
and 'T he Naked Gun." 

Although Zucker says he probably won 't be working on 
many more parodies, he has no need to fear unemployment. 
This summer's release "Ghost" - the first film he's 
directed solo without his partner and brother David - ha 
shown that he's quite capable of carrying the weight of a 
drama. 

"Actually, [ wasn ' t looking to direct a drama," Zucker 
explained in a telephone interview last week. "But 'Ghost' 
had a lot of elements that I look for in movies. The comedies 
I've done have been very rich - you know, always some-
thing happening, fa t-paced, with a lot going on vi ·ually. I 
felt 'Ghost' was the same way. 

"It obviously wasn't written by a guy who thought he had 
a commercial idea for a big hi t movie," Zucker said. "A lot 
of people who made ghost movies in the past made what we 
might call 'premise' movies - 50meone gets a funny idea, 
and then they try to run with it. ['Ghosl' screertwriter) Joel 
Ruben thought about everything muchm ore deeply. But he 
doesn't take himself too seriously, he has some fun - the 
movie ranges from very touching and serious, to very funny. 

"In directing this movie I was very conscious about 
going from laug'TJler to tears, to keep the surprise in there; 
trying to keep the audience on the edge of their seats," 
Zucker declared. 

Zucker takes the juxtaposition of laughter and tears to 

extremes throughout the movie with mourning Molly's 
(Demi Moore) tears flowing, dead Sam's (Patrick Swayze) 
eyebrows furrowed in yearning, and psychic Oda Mae 
Brown 's (Whoopi Goldberg) face contorted in various 
expressions of indignation. Yet the duality and edge in 
"Ghost" doesn ' t end there. 

"Ghost" plays on the audience's heart strings with its 
element of visual surprise. Zucker explained that he wanted 
to keep the movie "visually interesting": rather than blow-
ing up buildings to get the audience's anention, he used 
intriguing camera angles and unexpected shots that could 
arouse and involve the audience both physically and emo-
tionally. 

" In directing this movie I was very 
conscious about going from laughter 
to tears, to keep the surprise in 
there, trying to keep the audience on 
the edge of their seats," 

- Jerry Zucker, Director of "Ghost" 

At times the Wisconsin-born director found himself 
deliberately trying to rouse the audience, and not necessar-
ily in sympathy . A case in point is the scene in wh~ch Sam's 
spirit possesses Oda Mae so that he can touch Molly, 
through Oda Mae's body, just once more. 

" When I saw it in the [pre- creening] theater," Zucker 
remarked of the scene, "people were tittering and kind of 
making little comments as the two women were coming 
together. 

" Until I first saw that in front of an audience, I never 
thought of it as squeamish - and I was wrong, because 
obviously it is," he reflected. "When I was filming the scene, 
I was thinking of the emotion of [Sam and Molly] being able 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISIS' 

WE'VE GOT 
THE CUREl 

nove tty Items· gift wrapping' balloons· greeting cards 1 
~_Large setection of gift l!illl Shipping boxes , ~ 

~ ., 
r": 4305 La Jolla Village Drive. UTC Mall 
L A (next to Carlos Murphy's) 

1M 453-9993 
W. I II , OPEN DAILY ! 

to touch one last time- it was aquestion not about sex, but 
of lasting love. 

"At first it made me really unhappy that people were 
uncomfortable. Then I realized that as soon as Patrick came 
on the screen, the tittering completely stopped and they were 
all right," Zucker continued. "And then I thought about it 
and realized, ' You know, it's great, this isthe way themovie 
is, it takes you to the brink and pulls you back. '" 

To further intensify the emotional roller-coaster ride for 
the audience, Zucker removed all peripheral noi ses from the 
scene, so that only the labored breathing of the two women 
is heard as Oda Mae's hands reach for Molly ' s. 

"Usually there are ambiance sounds, like traffic orpeople 
outside," Zucker explained, "but I took it all out to zero, so 
it 's all silent, except for their breathing. I think that makes 
people more uncomfortable. I 
thought, well, if you can't beat 
' em ,join' em! And I went more 
in that [disturbing] direction." 

Zucker also took the chance 
of unnerving people with the 
grasping, dark shadow demons 
that overwhelmed the "bad 
guys" when they died. 

"I didn 't want to get more 
graphic than I did," Zucker 
mused, "and I didn't want to 
get less graphic. I could have 
had it be more smoky, or had 
the guy dissolve through the 
floor, you know ... There're all 
<orts of ways, but I chose a 
I lOre tradi tional depiction of 
(eath - a dark, human-like, 
cloaked figure of death-only 
to make a point, cinematically, 
that people who are evil have 
an unpleasant afterlife. 

"This way there's some ac-
countability for your actions," 
Zucker said. "And I believe 
that, by the way - people al-
ways ask if! believe in ghosts, 
and the answer, when you're 
talking about poltergeists and 
things like that, I don 't know. 
But if you ask me about the 
soul, if jt exists aftor the body 
dies, I believe that, absolutely. 

says he's afraid the bubble would hurst- he's got all these : 1 t?i~gs, agreatjob,agreatboss,awonderful newplacc,he's : Eggp ant - It'll Grow on You 
ltvmg With Molly. But at the end of the movie what you . 

~::~~i~ ~:.the only thing that really matters, he gets to : + Alternative guitar band appeals to all tastes 
"When he dies the physical aspect is taken away," : 

Zucker continued, "but it 's our way of saying to the audi- . By Phil Ireland 
ence that the feelings that you have, the love that you give, : Guardian Reporter 
in life, are what make your soul. • I used to hate eggplant. Mom would fry 

"In fact that 's probably one of the purposes of life," he: those battered oval slices in butter and 
observed, "but so many people spend so much time trying . serve them upon a platterwhere they'd j ust 
to make money - notthatthere 's anything wrong with that,. lay there defying description. The inc on-
but if that's all you ' re living for. .. well ... There's some- : gruous meld of color, texture, shape and 
thing more important." • fl avor promised much but never delivered. 

Jerry Zucker him elf is, for the moment, enjoying the : Not so with Eggplant , the alternative guitar 
• band of the same name. 

Eggplant played the Casbah Friday night 
to a small but devoted following. The four 
member band looked every bit like the 
Cleavers playing Rick's Club American in 
some Bogey B-rated knockoff. Guitarist/ 

• vocalist Jeff Beals, sporting a well-trimmed 
• porcupine cut and the kind of tan poplin 
• jacket that June used to buy for the Beav 
• every fall ju t before school started, settled 
• into a comfortable and competent rhythm 

guitar on his classic Rickenbacker 1998. 
• Jon Melkerson, the lead guitarist and vo-
• calist for Eggplant, wore a '50s holiday-red 

button-down V -neck cardigan and a ball 
cap pulled way down on his knot in the 
standard Wally style. In stark contrast, 
bassist lohn Kelly was completely devoid 

• of any affectations while wisecracking 
drummer Dave Tabone, the youngest of the 

• quartet (he got carded at the door), as-
• saulted his fellows with remarks like "Jon 

wears V-neck T-shirts" and "geeks!" in 
• true Eddie Haskell style. 

The music itself, a sort of quintessential 
bar band pop sound, gathered into fi ts of 

• driving rock-and-roll in the title track of 
• their second LP, Sad Astrology, and in the 
• pounding drums and inspired meandering 

guitar leads in "Loose Ends." Interspersed 

throughout were tiny jewels of quiet con-
templation like "Confidant," a melodic 
longing for someone to share with, and the 
poignant upside down lyrics of"Tne Wild 
Ones (Cycle on the Lawn)," the story of a 
girl and a boy - she, fond of black leather 
and chrome Harleys and he. shyly forward 
while li fting her prom dre s. The most 
notable tunes ofthe evening were a catchy 
caJyp o/reggae rocker called U[ am the 
Nineties ," an exploration of the essence of 
change and changelessness and the 

... The fou r-member band 
looked every bit like the 
Cleavers playing Rick's 
Club American in some 
Bogey B-rated knockoff. 

mournful "Unexpected" in which "every-
one wants to be rained on." 

The crisp lead guitar, at times crystal-
line in character, wrapped itself through 
and into the bass and rhythms in a style 
reminiscent of the early Jeff Baxter of 
Steely Dan on "Countdown to Ecstasy." 
John Kelly's bass rifts were a precise and 
measured tonal backdrop to the leads and 
rhythms, and drummer Dave Tabone' s 
proficient and fervored tapping instilled a 
sense of clockwork timing. 

Vocals for Eggplant were supplied by 
Jeff Beals and Jon Melkerson with inter-
mittent harmonies by John Kelly. Atttmes 
the tonal requirements of the score tested 
the range of both lead singers. Jeff Beals 

CONGRATULATIONS 
+ •• +.+ •••• 
The winner of last 
week's Hiatus Quiz 
was ... 

A. Combs. 
Come p-ick up your Dead 

Milkmen CD and 
autographed poster in the 
Hiatus office Monday or 
Wednesday on the 2nd 
floor of the old Student 

Center. 
Keep your eyes peeled 

for more contests in 
u issues! 

seemed to stretch just a bit too far from the 
range o f vocal surety and Jon Melkerson at 
times lacked the power of voice to drive the 
lyrics through the music. This did not detract 
from the show to any bothersome extent and 
from the looks passed between members, I 
gather they were aware of and ready and able 
to work it out. 

In all, the band appealed to both intelli-
gence and emotions. They were easy to listen 
to and I didn 't come away feeling used up and 
beaten to a stringy pulp. The color of their 
presentation, the complex texture and varied 
flavor of the music and the shape of those 
stirring lyrics inspired me to reassess my 
distaste for that purple gourd. 

Eggplant begins a four state west coast tour 
next week to promote their second LP, Sad 
Astrology, culminating in Seattle where they 
open for The Young Fresh Fellows. 

I'm hungry. Eggplant anyone? 

"Now the question is, how 
to depict it? We decided we 
had no idea how that would 
look," Zucker related. "But we 
decided for cinematic effect 
that we would have one very 
good 811d one very bad version 
of death. We wanted to make 
death not a particularly scary 
or horrible thing for people who 
were good. And we wanted to 
show death as being very bad 
for bad people." 

Sam (Swayze) and Molly (Moore) share a tender moment in "Ghost. " 

Fate, for the characters in "Ghost," had more to do with 
Personal choices and actions than with some unknown force 
out there controlling the universe. Even though Sam had a 
hand in the deaths of Willie Lopez and Carl Brunner, Zucker 
said, ultimately the two "bad guys" caused their own deaths 
through their weakness and paniC. 

Zucker spoke about the concept of immortality in a 
roundabout manner. 

"At the beginning of the film Patrick Swayze's character 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves da ily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation, 
Volunteers paUl $50.00 for participation. 
If interested. call 534·4955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534-6&47. 

• 
• success of his first solo directing project and drama; he can • 

afford tos it back and bask in his spirited movie's glory, but • 
he remains down to earth, literally blessing people when : 
they notice his innovative camera angles and ask about his • 
moral intentions. • 

• He's entertaining thoughts of wri ti ng a script for his next • 
movie, and dabbles with his brother's projects. "Dave is : 
spoofing 'Ghost' in the 'Naked Gun 2 1(2: The Smell of • 
=:'bs:~~~;':, Zucker chuckled. "How do you like that, my : You don 't have to be a vegetarian to appreciate Eggplant. pictured above. 

2nd ANNIVERSARY SPECIALS 
Golden Hall Hair Design 

for men and women 

COMPLETE HAIRCUT 
549-4514 Reg. $10.50. now only $800 
Uaeraei'/I(t- AI dt~ 

8M. Now 'Only 
Full Set Tip Acrylic ............ 535 ..... $1.1 •• 
Fill Acrylic ...... .. .. ............... $15 ..... $11." 
Fiber Glass ...... .. .. .. .... ...... $40 .... . $25." 
Silk .......................... ....... $40 .... . $24 •• 

71'lO MIr,Hll.Ir H(I (I" IHIHI ~1'llflll hI hll II Cilll hl'll, 549-0382 

.1 
4888 Convoy SI. 

Kla'ny Mesa 
57W542 

113 
32nd & Main 
San Diego 
281·9083 

1/2 
1800 B Rose<:rw1s 

Pt. Lama 
225-G279 

" 3443 University North Park 
280-9883 

• We bag every comic 
• We ollar Free Discounts 
• I~e subscription service 
• Special holds & searches 
• We're open until 7 p.m. every day 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Great For Lunch! 
A CUP-FUL A DAY 

KEEPS THE INCHES AWAY 
('V) H>Jnar; lOf somelhing o ther than saIod tOf 

.' 7 ~ ~ luneil? Somelhlng !hot $ healthv and low In 
,,; v-> Colofles? TI'( Polar', Frozen Yogurt. 
r Notural ingredients mean PokJ(s tostes 
\ beHer. and It's as i HIe 0$ 15 c alories an 
\ QUlCe 
) " comes in any tIovor you c an imogtne-

/ sb: selections every day. 

2 1 Buy any sma., medium or Iorge frozen yogurt and get one 01 for equal or leller value FREE . ~ ~ 
Void Wllh ony 01'- off., Toppings nol Include<:!. .,.. 

· - . • La Jolla COlony 7770 Regents Rd .. # 108 (In the VOf'lS SIloppino Cent of) 1 I 1030 bl ·1h<rs • • en. couoon pel C\.Olomet Exp , .. l0t1 5!«l 11· I 1 Fri. a. Sot • ~.~ ..••..•..•. ~-..... ~~ ....... " .. . 

• 



• 

••• 

RE-REGISTRATIO FOR 
ORG IZATIO 

It' time [0 re register) our organization. Please call Linda Sargent 
for more information at 534-0501. Deadline i October 12 to re-regi ter. 

ASADVA CESCALENDAR 
Watch out for the new AS calendar. It will be free to all students. It 

\\ ill be out in eady October. 

STUDE~ T DI COU T CARDS 
Make sure to a k your RA for a Student Discount card or look for 

them at the Price Center. The e card will give you discount in various 
locations throughout La Jolla. 

PRICE CE TER CI EMA COMMITTEE 
Thinking of a career in the Movie Industry? We are now accepting 

new member. If you are interested in developing an exciting cinema 
program plea 'e call Matt Xavier at 534-1959 

D T DE T CREDIT U 10 
!\ow there is a special full- ervice financial institution just for 

tjC D tudents. Call (619) 463-5895 for more information. 

A LECTURE NOTES 
We re now open! Come and ~ign up for Fall notes. 
.10nda) - Friday· 10:00 am-4:00 pm. 
For more information all 534-6258 

PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE 
EETING 

Ever) Tuc:sda) a14.30 pm in the Price Cenler Conference Room 8. 
Come £et Involved in programmlllg. 

BLI R LATI011 'OMMITTEE 

o tober 1 (1, al .00 pm m the Pri e Center. Third Floor, in the PR 
{ fic" EVt:1')1 n i v.elcome! For more mfonnation call 53444 O . 

GIl. 
D adlme sO lober 9,1990. Studcllt emp wt:ll11ent begin with 

Y III 

AS '()RTED VI YL 
"Ie. rc flOW open Monday Ihru FTlday. Our hours art: 11 am to fipm 

B LLROOM DA CE TEAM 
TI)' out hr the team! Tuesday, October 9, 1990, 7:00 pm, West 

Hale n., .'\.1ain Gym. PTa tice will immediately follow. 

A . .1.0. 
The A.S. Internship Of ire offers II1tem~hlp with major corpora-

lions in areas such a Biology Enginecnng, C mmufllcationc;, and many 
II Ol~. OffIce hours ' Monday through Friday 9:00 am - 4:00 pm. Call 
534-4689 for more information. Third Floor, Price Center. 

FRIE DS FOR LIFE 
UCSD's Pro-Life club. Meeti ng Monday night, October 

8, from 6:00 - 7:00 pm in the San ta Barbara Room, Sec-
ond Floor, Price Center. If you're pro-life, get involved' 

ASUCSD EARLY 
PROGR AM 

OUTREACH 

Gel involved! ApplicatIOns are available at the AS 
Office (Third Floor, Price Center) For more information, 
please contact Marilou Carter, Program Manager, 534-
4450. 

BALLROOM DANCE CLUB 
Fallfest on Wednesday, October 10, 7:00 - 9:30 pm at the Price 

Center Ballroom. Learn to dan e. Lessons in fox trot, swing, cha-cha, 
and the waltz will be given from 7:15 to 7:30. Advanced lessons will 
also be given. Admission and lessons are FREE! No partner needed. 
Bring a friend! 

AMERICAN AND JAPANESE CROSS-
CULTURAL SOCIETY 

Fall Orientation on October 9 fro 4:00 - 6:00 pm in the Price Center 
Santa Barbara room (2nd Floor). Come and find out what we're up to 
this quarter! 

R.I.S.C. CAR RALLY!KAMI 
Friday, October 12. Sign up at the RISC office or by 6:30 pm in the 

Rec. Conference Room. Rally starts at 7:00 pm harp. 

PERFORMING ARTS 
pOP EVENTS COMMITTEE 
Meeting Thursday, October 11 at 5'30 pm in Gallery B, Price 

Center. Looking for people interested 1!1 today' bands who are enthusi-
astI~ and have lot of ideas. 

DANCE/DRAMA COMMITTEE 
Meeting Wednesday, October 10 at 3:00 pm in Conference Room 8, 

Price Center. 
FILM COMMITTEE 
Meeting Monday, October 8 at .5:00 pm in Gallery B, Price Center. 

If you are. interested in film " US or fordgn, thi commiltec' for you! 

UC STUDE T ASSOCIATION & 
THE STUDE TS OF UC IRVINE 

UCSA is the statewide association of UC Student governments. 
UCSA represents the 165,000 UC tud nt bef"r the Board of Regents, 
the State Legislature, and the UC Oft I e of the President. 

CO FE REi CE PANELS INCLCDE: 
Campus Climate; Community 011 gc 1 ransfer- High School 

Qualtty of Eduation .mo Diwrsity; 'I h PIpeline; RetentlOlI t,f Students, 
Faculty and Staff; Dntgs in rhe ommunity; Financial Aid; Graduate 
Student Mentorships Sexuahty bsues in the Communities' Admissions. 

Invite you to attend: 
Making Public Education Public: The secoJld 

annual UC Student of Color COllference. Novembel 3 - 4, 
1990 . 

Keynote speakers: Secretary of State March Fong Eu 
State Senator Art Torres 

UCB Chancellor Chang-Lin Tien 
RegistratIon fee: $15 Students. 20 Fa ully & Ad-

ministratoT'i 
Registration deadline: Oclobt; r 15, 1990. For more 

wformatlOn. call Dulce Lcdina, Lobby Annex Director, at 
534-4450. To regl ter, go to Ihe;: 3rd floor Pnce Center, 
AS Office. 

AS MEETING 
October 10 at 6:30 pm 
Price Center • Third Floor 

All students are invited to attend 

CHANCELLOR'S FORUM 
Chatting with the Chancellor 
October 8, 1990, 3:30 - 5:30 pm 
Price Center • The Cove· Room 10 
Come and meeting Richard Atkinson , our 

Chancellor. We will be discussing upcoming 
events and issues. 

FRATERNITY RUSH 
Information night: October 3, 7:30 pm 
Price Center Ballroom 
RUSH: October 4-10 
Catch the wave! 

TGIF 
Psychefunkapus 
October] 2,4:30 pm 
FREE! Funk out in the first TG a/the year. 

PUB SHOWCASE 
Industrial Strength Noise 
October 12,8:00 pm 
Triton Pub 
Local industrial dance music in the pub. 

NOONER 
Orquesta Saraguey 
October 12, 12 noon 
Price Center Plaza 
FREE! Come see some hot latina salsa 

music. 

DICK TRACY 
Fall Film Series 1990 
October 11,6:30,9:00, 11:30 pm 
Price Center Theatre 
Only $1 .00 

****SPECIAL SATURDAY SHOW **** 
October ]3 

6:30, 9:00, 11 :30 pm 

r-------------------------i 
lAS NEWSFLASHES is produced by the Associated I 
~tudents of UCSD. To have an advertisement placed in AS I 
~EWSFLASHES contact George Mauret' (Public Relations I 
[ommissioner) at 534-4450. Deadlin.!..i~every Wedn.!sda~a.!..noon. J 

STUDENT REPRESENTATIVES NEEDED 
Get involved in the planning of the future of UCSD! Undergradu-

ate student representatives are needed to serve on the following commit-
tees. For an application and/or more information, contact the Associated 
Students at xl. 44450, Price Center, Third Floor 

Positions that are 2peOj 
Alcohol & Substance Abuse Commiuee 
Bookstore Advisory Comminee 
Campus/Community Planning Committee 
Campus Energy Committee - 2 year appoinrment 
Canyonview Advisory Committee 
Capital Outlay & Space Advisory Committee 
Chancellor's Advisory Committee on Instructional Improvement Program 

- 2 appointments requested 
Chancellor's Affinnative Action Advisory Committee - I appointment & 

I alternative appointment 
Committee on the Status of Women - 1 appointment & I alternative appoinrmenr 
Day Care Center Advisory Committee - 2 appointments requested 
Enrollment Projections Review 
Intercollegiate & Recreational Advisory Comminee 
Leadership Development Commiuee 
Media Policy Commiuee 
New Housing Program Comminee 
On Campus Residential Food Service Advisory Commiuee - appointment mu t be 

current resident of the facilities 
Parking & Transponation Advisory Committee 
Program Review Committee - slate of 2 [0 3 to be submilled to commillee for 

[heir selection 
Regis[ration Fee Advisory Committee 
Residential Apartments Advisory Committee - 2 appointments, borh must be 

. curren[ residents of [he facilities. one married and one family 
SCIence Research Park Planning Commillee 
Security Advisory Commit[ee - 2 appointments one commu[er s[udent and one 

resident student 
Student Study & Library Space Needs 
Student Subcommittee Chancellor's Affinnative Ac[ion Advisory Committee 

- [ appointment & [ alternate appointment 
Summer Session Advisory Committee 
T.A. Development Advisory Committee 
UCSD Student Regulations Review Committee 
Undergraduate Affairs Master Plan Committee 
Undergraduate Affairs National Issues Forum 
University Community Planning Group 
Vehicle Accident Review Board 
Warren Residence Hall Building Advisory Committee 

Other positions that are open: 
One (I) at-large representative to the Cultural Programming Board 
Two (2) at- targe representatives to the Student Organization Finance Board 
A.S .. Judicial Board Chair 
At-Large representative to A.S . Judicial Board 
Culture Quest Festival Chair 
Sun God Festival Chair 

The follOwing are PAID positioQs: 
A.S. Parliamentarian 
A.S. Elections Manager 

Issues ... 
AS RECRUITMENT 

ARE YOU INTERESTED IN THE POLITICAL ISSUES 
FACING US TODAY? DO YOU HAVE A FEW HOURS TO 
WORK ON STUDENT EMPOWERMENT? THE AS EXTER-
NAL AFFAIRS OFFICE NEEDS A FEW GOOD STUDENTS 
WHO WANT TO SEE A CHANGE FOR THE BEITER ON THE 
CAMPUS! 

If you are interested in finding out more come to the 
CAMPUS WATCH booth at the gym teps M-F from 10-4. 

AS EXTERNAL AFFAIRS: Where ever it takes us .... 
What ever it takes 

Questions? Concerns? Comments? call Molly at 
534-4450 



I 

16 FEATURES The UCSD G uardian Monday, October 8,1990 

NOTE chirpy ummer returned once again. 
Five years later, Melody, a beautiful woman 

of twenty, decided that it was way past time 
she headed home. She had returned Harmony 
to the Land of Music. ow, he returned 
home with a harder task : to finda way to teach 
harmony to her own people, the people of 
Earth. 

Continued from page 11 
with a few more note ... 

A whi tIe heard the song, and topped 
arguing. "A song so lonely and so true, so 
prideful! I bet with my whistle included, it 
would ound twice a good!" 

It joined in, and, indeed. the song did 
sound better. Slowly, one by one, all of 
Music noticed the magnificent growing This is theftrsl story ill a series ofshorl stories 

which will be rim ill Ihe fealures section. If )"014 
",ould like to submit a shorl story for publicatioll. 
bril/g ilIa TheGuardian offices on the secondfloor 
of the old sllIdelll center. All short stories 111 liSt be 
original and never-before published. We reserve 
the right 10 edil slories for lenglh alld clarity. 

ong, and decided their sound would im-
prove it vastly. The song flowed out of the 
meeting place and all over the land, grow-
ing and growing all along, until it was so 
strong and harmoniou that it completely 
pushed away the evil Cloud of Discontent. 
Harmony waS restored. A melodious, bright, 

.' 

Auto and Motorcycle 
Insurance 

Monthly pay available 

Local 
800-457 -1234 

Paul Sirkin Insurance 

• Quiche ·Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads , • Gourmet Coffee 

______________ ~.~'J 

• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 

Need a Nice, Quiet Place To Study? 
How About Coming Over to Our House. 
OPEN 7 AM - 5 PM· 7 Days a Week· 481·8590 

1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free consul/allan and tnillal treatment 15 min. S20 value. FIrst-time cl/ents ollly)' 

Eyeb<ows 

Uppe! Up 

Chin 
Underarms 

BreaS1 
Siomach 

84kini une 

Fingers 

Legs 
Toes 

112 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American M~dkal Association 
approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolYSiS 
for men and women 

• Female staff, state Iic. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
Laja/In VtUuge Pr'ofesstonal Center 8ebllld Elepbal1f Bar 
8950 Vii/a LaJolla Dr te.2121 

Answers to this week's 
puzzle: 

W ARNINGI Inwffident omounts of 'W'riting may couse you to squint. 

The Goo""ian con help you wi," ,"i. pn>bIom. 
If you would lik. 10 wrilo lor n.e Goo,..,ion, pioo .. coli 534·6580 0< .top by 

'"" ""end fIoo,- of !he Old Studenl Con .... y"" may send shari sloIy .ubmillion. 
10 n.e Guardian, 9500 Gilman Dr. 0316, to JoIIo, CA 92093·0316. 

~ tn&1D§ 
lIM .. · I 

CAREER OPPORTUNITIES 

M&MjMars, the manufacturer of Snickers Bars, "M&Ms· 
Chocolate Candies, and other leading confectionery items, 
would like to invite you to talk with us about career 
opportunities in consumer products. We have scheduled 
an Information Session on campus on: 

Thursday, October 11 
5 p.m. to 7 p.m. 

Price Center 
Santa Barbara/Lo. An ••••• Room 

We will discuss our company, our products, and other 
career opportunities within Mars, Incorporated. Other 
divisions within Mars, Incorporated include Dove 
International (Dove Bar), Uncle Ben's, Inc. (Uncle Ben's 
Rice), and Kal-Kan (Kal-Kan Pet Foods). 
We are looking for candidates for entry-level sales poSitions 
who have a desire to move up quickly. If you are interested 
in joining a major consumer products corporation, please 
sign up for an on-campus interview scheduled for 
Wednesday, October 31 at Career Services. 
We are known for having one of the best compensation and 
benefits packages in the industry. We look forward to 
meeting with you and discussing your career opportunities 
with us on Thursday, October 11. 

... ,. t:· ... 
.... -. -/ 

~Twbf I __ ,, _ __ _ 

\T!~ I ~-, 
I . I 
LLl 

Monday, October 8,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

WATER POLO: Bittersweet Weekend 
Continued from page 24 
I :30 of the third quarter broke the 
game wide open, 7-3, and the Tri-
tons never looked back. 

UCSD went on to put up four 
more in the fourth quarter, in-
cluding two goals by freshman 
Sean Kinghorn, securing an 11 -4 
final margin, and snapping the 
longest losing streak in the 
program's history . 

"I thought [LMU] showed 
some good character," Triton 
Head Coach Denny Harper said. 
"[The win] got the monkey off our 
backs." 

The Tritons looked to carry the 
new-found momentum from their 
first win in a month into Sunday 's 
game against 10th-ranked Long 
Beach State. 

The teams remained dead-
locked at 0-0 until the Tritons 
broke ahead with two minutes 
remaining in the first quarter. 

UCSD freshman Andy 
Steinheimer tallied first in the 
contest, and Daniel KeUerquickly 
followed with a powerful goal 
from the two-meIer (hole) posi-
tion. 

Long Beach wasted little time 
in the second period before light-
ing up the scoreboard, as it was 
awarded a four-meter.penalty shot 

on a Vance foul , and closed the gap 
to 2-1. 

Vance compensated for his er-
ror, retaliating with a goal of his 
own to raise the Tritons ' edge back 
to two goals. 

That lead was not to be held, 
however, as the 4gers pulled to 
within one, and eventually tied the 
game at 3-3 barely into the third 
period, 

UCSD was not ready to give up 
either, as Vance delivered a pow-
erful backhand from the hole to put 
his team on top once again. 

The 4gers posted another on the 
board with just over a minute left 
in the quarter. 

Both defenses remained stingy, 
refusing to give any ground until 
Long Beach drew a four-meter 
penalty shot with 2:46 left in the 
game. 

It was anybody's game in the 
final two minutes as each team 
added one more, bringing the score 
to six apiece. 

The 4gers took their flrst lead of 
the game with just 54 seconds re-
maining in the heated battle, as 
they capitalized on a steal and 
counter attacked, hitting the back 
of the net for the winning goal . 

Another steal by the 4gers with 
just 30 seconds left ended the Tri-

tons' hopes of tying the contest 
and handed the hosts yet another 
loss. 

Late in the game, the Tritons 
blew a two-goal 5-3 lead as a result 
of a defensive breakdown which 
began in the third period. 

"We decided to attack the ball 
on [theJ weak side," Harper com-
mented. "That 's a gamble. You 
don't gamble on defense." 

The defensive let-down, com-
bined with turnovers at cri tical 
moments, was the Tritons' down-
fall. 

Nevertheless, Harper was opti-
mistic about playing a top-ten team 
so tightly, and he was pleased with 
some individual performances. 

"We got a great game out of 
[goalie] Andy Bruce. Dan Keller 
came off the bench and had a great 
game. We 've been waiting for 
that." 

Harper remained optimistic 
about the team's chances in the 
WWPA [Western Water Polo As-
sociation] Championships in No-
vember, and feels that Wed-
nesday 's upcoming game against 
Cal State Los Angeles will be im-
portant in working towards later 
goals. 

'That's going to be a huge game 
for us," Harper said. 

If It's sports at UCSD 

SPORTS 17 

Things were looking up for Aaron Armstrong and the Tritons in 
their 11-4 victory over Loyola Marymount on Friday night. 

We've Got It 

SI'UDENI'S 

® 

Spar~lers & Twisters6J 
r-----..Enter the Drawing for a 

On Oct. 9, 10, and 11 a kader will In looking for those who an nOI followers. Talk 10 
a Marine from 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM at Revelk Plilza. 

T-SHIRT 
or the 

GRAND PRIZE 
DINNER CRUISE FOR 2; 

----------------------- ... ~--.-.--~--~-.--~-----~~~-~,-~---

. r... 

, -



18 SPORTS 

Brian MorrillfGIJar(iian 
Mike Gerhardt scored one of the two Triton goals vs. CSUSB. 

IF YOU WANT A CAREER 
lHAT RFAILY FUES, JOIN 

AIR FORCE ROTC NOW. 

Missile officer? Navigator? 
Pilot? There are many ways to 

begin a career that soars. 
But you should begin, now. Air Force 

ROTC offers both two- and four-year pro-
grams for college students. They provide the 

confidence and leadership ability you need to become 
an Air Force officer. You may also qualify for scholarship 
programs thaI help pay college expenses, plus $100 per 
academic month tax-free. 

For a career that really flies , call 

DEPT OF AEROSPACE TUDIES 
619-594-5545 

Leadership Excellence Starts Here 

XEROX COPIES 

• Self service copiers . Volume discounts . Professors notes 

• Copies while you wait . Book binding 

HOURS: \1 ~ ;..: ~() cl 111 " pill . Srlt 1 ,j I) 1'1 
3211 Holiday Cour t, La Jolla 

Next to Dom ino's Pizza 
FAX IERVICE AVAiLAII~, FAX -c81')4IO-tM. 

452·9949 
E>Pires 10/ 28/90 

T he UCSD Guardian Monday, October 8, 1990 

Tritons Put Away CSUSB 
• Men's soccer dominates the Coyotes, but 
forward Mike Alberts suffers a concussion 
and is kept in the hospital overnight 
By Peter Ko 
Associato Sports Editor 

Junior forward Mike Alberts 
suffered aconcussion yesterday in 
the UCSD men ' s soccer team's 2-
1 win over CSU San Bernardino, 
butthe real damage may have been 
suffered by the Coyotes. 

CSUSB and UCSD are among 
the leading contenders for the west 
region playoffbid, and the Tritons' 
relatively easy victory in San 
Bernardino could go a long way, 
come playoff time, in deciding 
which team gets a bid and which 
team hears about the Division III 
national championships second-
hand. 

As for Sunday's game, the 
Tritons opened up a 2-0 lead on 
defender Mike Gerhardt's seventh 
goal of the season, and freshman 
Ryan Nutting's third . 

UCS O H ead Coach Derek 
Armstrong used the small lead as 
an opponuni ty to gi ve some of hi s 
younger players a chance to play, 
but the plan almost backfired. 

" We ended up with a bit of a 
problem," he said. 

Ten minutes into the second 
half, the Tritons were whistled for 
a foul in the box, and the Coyotes 
converted the penalty shot to close 
to within one. 

The so-called "problem" esca-
lated slightly when Albens went 
head-to-head in the air with the 
Coyutes center back and came out 
on the short end of the collision. 

Play was halted temporarily as 
Alberts was taken to the hospital. 
According to Armstrong, Alberts 
is in good condition, but is being 
kept overnight for observation. 

After play resumed, the Tritons 

held on to clo e out the victory and 
up their record to 9-2- 1. 

Armstrong was pleased with the 
ease with which his team handled 
CSUSB, in particular the play uf 
his offense. 

"We were much better in the 
forward lines and the midfield. It 
was good to see that the forwards 
were more fluent attacking-wise," 
he said. 

The game was the first of four 
in a crucial seven-day stretch 
against top-ranked opponents for 
the Triton . The next three will be 
home games. 

"It 's a big week. One down, 
threetogo ... lfwecomeoutofthis 
week in good order, we 'll be in 
good shape for the playoffs, " 
Armstrong said. 

The next game for the Tritons is 
today at 3 p.m. against Cal State 
Stanislaus. 

"[Stanislaus] beat Chico [State] 
3-2, which is a good result ... they 
alway s have good players," 
Armstrong said. 

COMING WEDNESDAY 
IN SPORTS. 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

ePregnancy Termination 
eGeneral or LocaL Anesthesia 
eLow Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conception) 

eAffordabLe Birth ControL 
eStudent Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

Q;r;t 
~achoice 

... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

Monday, October 8,1990 

w. SOCCER: 
Six Straight 
Continued from page 24 
leading scorer. 

The victory, which may be con-
sideredan upsetofsorts, is UCSO's 
sixth consecutive, and third straight 
over a non-Division III competi-
tor, with two more coming up in 
the near future. 

The Anteaters (6-4) came into 
the contest ranked sixth in the Di-
vision I west region, having won 
several consecutive games. 

According to Triton Head 
Coach Brian McManus, his team 
"played the best it has all season," 
in the first 20 minutes of the con-
test. 

That makes sense, because to-
ward the end of that frame of time, 
Lindsay punched in the game's 
only goal (17:30). 

On a somewhat broken play, 
Cheryl Parker took the ball off a 
free kick and placed it to Lindsay, 
who was hovering around the edge 
of the I8-yard box in front of the 
goal. 

Lindsay turned, and lifted the 
ball into the far, top comer, where 
the Anteater goalkeeper had no 
chance at touching it without 
climbing the post. 

The goal, Lindsay's fifth of the 
season, ties her scoring output for 
all of last season, when she was 
fourth on the Tritons list with 14 
poinlS. 

McManus commented that the 
remainder of the game was ex-
tremely physical, but that the Tri- . 
tons "battled well." 

"It wasn't so bad for us, but four 
of their players were injured by 
each other, "Triton defender Diana 
Klintworth said. 

UCI's only scoring opportuni-
ties presented themselves toward 
the end of the first half, when, 
Klintworth said, ''They were re-
ally pressing us." 

The closest the Anteaters' shots 
came to fmding the back of the net, 
off two corner kicks, found the 
hands of Triton goalie Karin 
Carper. 

Carper, a junior transfer, has 
now recorded five consecutive 
shutoulS - eight overall - and 
has allowed a mere two goals in 10 
games for a 0.20 goals against per 
game average. 

The victory, which ups the 
Tritons' record to 8-1 -1, was a 
payback from last season, when 
UCl was one of only two teams 
that didn ' t fall to the eventual na-
tional champions. 

In the last year's final regular-
season game, the Anteaters chal-
lenged UCSO throughout the 
overtime match to a 0-0 tie. 

That proved to be good prac-
tice, as the Tritons went on to 
capture four straight overtime 
games in the playoffs en route to 
the national title. 

On deck for UCSO is yet an-
other match with a higher division 
squad, Division IlCal Poly Pomona 
on Wednesday. 

UCSOhasshutouttheBroncos 
in the last four meetings between 
the teams, 2-0 and 1-0 this past 
season, and 1-0 and 0-0 two years 
ago. 

The 3 p.m . game opens a five-
game homestand for the Tritons, 
who are currently ranked sec~ 
nationally in Division III behind 
Methodist College (Soom Car0-
lina), which is favored to steal 
UCSD's title . 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

CONSIDER BIOMEDICAL SCIENCES 
GRADUATE PROGRAM I STUDYING ABROAD 

u C S D 
Au.tnlia, AU.llrIa. Brazil. Canada. China, CotIta Wea, Denmark, Ecuador, 
Eeypt. Fraou, Germany, Gbana, HODI Konr, HUD,aryi Indi., lndoDelia, 

LlrelaDd. lirael, IW)', Japan, Kenya, Korea. MeJdeo. New Zealaod. Norway. Peru, Portu,aI. Spain. Sweden. Taiwan. Thailand, To,o. the UDJted KJD,dom, or th. USSR. 
Interdisciplinary studies in 
basic biomedical sciences 
leading to the Ph.D. degree. 
Emphases in Pharmacology, 
Physiology, Cell and 
Molecular Biology. 

The UC Education Abroad Program lEAP} and the UCSD Opportunities 
Abroad Program (ClAP) offer 1tWIJ/, J&!Il[/(, 1l:lIIId and incemship 

opportunltiea in theM! and manu other countries. 
Application Deadlines are soon. 

Important Information 
Seaalon on BAP • OAP 

With slides, film, and returnees to answer questions 

For brochure and application form write: oEarn Academic Credit 
oFinancial Aid Available 
oEAP Scholarships 

Biomedical Sciences, 
0636, U.C.S.D., La Jolla, 
CA 92093-0636 Thursday, Oct.II, 7 pm 

International Center Lounge 
call (619) 534-3982 or stop by the 
Basic Science Building, Room 5008 

• 

For more information call 534-1123 
UCSD Opportunities Abroad Office 

We're looking for people who 
look at this glass and say: 

gotta be other 
glasses of water." 

We need people capable of gOing 
beyond half-full or half-empty 
thinking. People who see subtleties. 
Who are qUite frankly bored by easy 
answers and off·the-shelf solutions. 

People who are constantly 
challenging their own thinking and 
are thirsty for new ideas and 
knowledge. 

YOU'll have a degree from a top 
school. Getting a job won't really be 
an Issue. The questiOn IS: which job? 
Which Industry? 

You don' t want to get locked 
IntO one area and then dlsco~er 
three to ft~e years from now that you 
don't like It. By (lIen you've Invested 
too much. 

Andersen Consuttlng offers you 
the chance to work on a variety 
of projects - with clients In a Wide 
range of Industries. 

We are the leader In helping 
organizatiOns apply Information 
technology to their bUSiness advan· 
tage. Every hour of every business 
day. we Implement a solution to help 
one of our more than 5,000 clients 
worldWide. 

What makes that pOSSible IS the 
quality of our people. And the quality 
of our training. We're known for both. 

Because bUSiness and teCh-
nology are ever· changing. we see 
(raining as a continuing process. 
And our $t23·mlllion Center for 

Information Session: 

ProfeSSional Education In 5t. Charles. 
illinOIS. IS just one measure of our 
commitment. We train you for a 
career-not just a job. 

Are you the kind of person we're 
talking about? The kind of person 
With an unquenchabte deSire for 
challenge and profeSSional growth? 

If so. come talk to us. And 
find out more about a career With 
Andersen Consult ing. 

ANDERSEN 
CONSULTINC 

Where we Kofrom here':"' 

Wednesday, October 10, 7:00 p.m. 
Galbraith Hall 
l=. ========================================================================~ 



,. 

20 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza is still UCSD's finest 
original pizzeria. Tear out the BJ's 
coupon and get your taste buds to 
BJ's. For UGSD's serious pizza 
eaters! (9/24-11/30) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
50%-90% off current fashions only 
at Apparel Designer Zone! See our 
ad in tOOay's paperorcall the hotline 
at 450-3323. (9/24-10/19) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at 
Cal Copy. Only $5.95. While you 
wait. Xeroxes and more. Near St. 
Germains. 452-9949. (9/24-11 /30) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15 -word increments. The rater per 15 words is $1 for 
students, $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in advance is required; 
thelfore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The UCSD Guardian) or 
presented ill person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursdayfor Monday's issue, 3 p .m. Monday 
for Wednesday's issue, and 3 p_m_ Wednesday for Friday's issue_ The Guardian 
reserves [he right to refuse any advertising including but not limited tocaompanionship 
ads. For more information call 534-5416. UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 
La/olla , CA 92093-0316. 

Are you COLOR BLIND? Earn $5/ 
hour participating in experiments 
on human color vision. If you are 
color deficient contact Ethan 
Montag, Psych. Dept. 534-2999. 
(1 0/1-1 0/12) 

Writing Help. I've discovered/cre-
ated unique, Fun - yes, Fun ! ap-
proaches for serious projects. Be-
gin 481-1810. (10/3-11 /30) 

The Peace Dividend: Buried in the 
Saudi Sands? A talk by former di-
rector of "Star Wars" for the Carter 
Administration, Col. (ret.) Dr. Robert 
Bowman. Tuesday, Oct. 9 at 7:30 
p.m. , Marston Middle School, 3799 
Clairemont Dr. at Ute SI. (1 block 
south of Balboa). 278-3730. (10/5-
10/8) 

Attention bicyclists and skate-
boarders ! "Don't get a ticket."Pick 
up a free copy of the UCSD bicycle 
route map, as well as the rules and 
regulations, at the UCSD Police 
Department or Transportation Al-
ternatives Office. For more infor-
mation call 534-4358. (10/5-1 0/8) 
Warren students needed to fill 
leadership positions. Formore info. 
go to Commons or Provost and 
pick up an application for Warren 
Student Council. (10/5-10/8) 

FREE CARD ' 
with a $5.00 purchase 

an adventure in 
cards & gifts 

7770 Regents Rd. 
La Jolla Colony Plaza 

next to Vons 
450-0709 

./'JoI. 10 ctt6I!d s 1.50 

The A.S. Internship Office finds 
internships that lead to real careers 
after college! Biology, Environment, 
Engineering, Economics, Politics, 
Education , Communications, 
V>A>, more !! 534-4689/ M-F 9 
a.m.- 4 p.m ., 3rd floor of Price 
Center. (1 0/5-10/12) 

Third College leadership positions 
now available. Apply in the Third 
Dean's Office. Deadline is Oct. 11 . 
(1 0/5-10/10) 

ASIO deadlines for winter intern-
ships are October 19th. They are 
easy to get and look great on your 
resume! We're open M-F, 9 a.m.- 4 
p.m., 3rd floor Price Center, 534-
4689. (10/5-10/12) 

Need Muir College Semiformal 
suggestions. Express them on Oct. 
11 at 7:00 p .m. in the Sequoia 
Room. (1 0/8-10/11) 

Interested in the mind/brain? Join 
the Student Cognitive and Neuro-
science Society 10/10 at CSB 1S0 
at 4:00 p.m. (10/8-1 0/10) 

TRYOUTIl for the Ballroom Dance 
Team at UCSD Tuesday, Oct. 9, at 
7 :00 p.m. in the West Balcony of 
the gym. (1 0/8) 
UCSD Sailing Team meeting Mon-
day Oct. 8 at 6:00 p.m . in WLH 
2113. (1 0/8) 
Your JEWISH ADDRESS AT 
UCSD! Jewish Campus Centers 
provide warmth , education , prayer 
and socializing. Connect w ith Union 
of Jewish Students ! 502 Matthews; 
east olthe Price Center. Call Rabbi 
Slotnick 534-2521 (1 0/8) 
RISC car rally/Kami Fri., Oct 12 at 
6:30 p.m. in the Rec. Conf. Room. 
(10/8-1 0/1 2) 
Scholarships/grants for college are 
available. Mill ions go unclaimed 
yearly . Call 1-800-334-3881. (10/ 
8- 11 /14) 

.. 

PIZZA AND PASTA CAFE 
COSTA VERDE CENTER. 8650 Genessee #312.455-5211 

"Best Pizza overall in the Golden Triangle" 
IIetropoUten Magazine, April 1990 

Pizza by the Slice 
Pasta 
Lasagna 
Salads 
Desserts 

tI' Free Delivery 
tI' No Preservatives 
tI' Student Discounts 

PRESENT STUDENT 1.0. FOR 10% DISCOUNT 
Not voiid wi1h MY olller discooot. l.itrited deIiYefy area iIld 1Hres. Minmun Older required. 

--------------------I LARGE Di Mattia's Pizza with Pepperoni, $999 I I Mulhrooma, Olives, GrMn Peppers, & 0ni0nI I 
L TaM out 01 delivery. Must present coupon. I.i!1IIed tine oller. Not valid witI1 any 0Ihef discottIt. .J 
--------------------

Take a chance ... Be at the Revelle 
Cafeteria Friday, 10/12,8:30 pm to 
midnight for Revelle's Casino Night. 
Only$1 donation. Wingreatprizes! 
Come on, be a gambler. (10/8-10/ 
12) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 
1500 hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday 
Court. Student discounts. 558-
4644/226-1 962. (9/24-1 /14) 

Piano lessons - my North County 
studio or in your home. Eartraining, 
theory, improvisation , beginners-
intermediates, most styles. Steve, 
942-8179. (10/1-10/22) 

Editing. Typing. Computer Service. 
WordPerfect. Laser Printer. 8-11 
a.m. Daily. Pickup. Delivery. 673-
0696. (1 0/3-10/8) 

WRITING Help from U.C.-Grad 
Tutor/Writer/Researcher. All 
projects welcome. Productive, In-
tense! Start Early. 481 -1810. (10/ 
3-11/30) 

Papers typed! Ouickandaffordable. 
From $21pg. Call LJ Colony Re-
sumes & Professional Typing. 455-
8357. Laser printing ! 60 typestyles 
to choose from I One day service 
available. (10/5-11 /30) 

TUTOR: Professional Editor will 
tutor Composition , Literature , 
Revelle Humanities. Individuals or 
small groups. 457-3170 (10/S) 

Word Processing Services. Excel-
lent quality - Reasonable. Call 566-
9096. (1 0/8-10/10) 

STUDY ABROAD IN AUSTRALIA. 
Information on semester, summer, 
January term, and Internship pro-
gramS. All run for under $6,000. 
Call Curtin University at 1-800-878-
3696. (1 0/8-1 0/12) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Word 
Processing , Reports, Speeches, 
Dissertations, Manuscripts, Pre-
sentations. Experienced. Laser 
printer. Student Ratesl 753-5964 
(10/8) 

Senior medical student available 
to tutor you in the sciences. Also 
available for personal advice and 
help with applying to medical 
scheol: mock interviews, etc ... Call 
Nickat 453-8850 for more info. (1 0/ 
1-10/12) 

TYPING: TERM PAPERS, ETC., 
RUSH JOBS AT NO EXTRA 
CHARGE. 453-0656. (1 0/3-11/30) 

WANTED 
Earn $500-$1500 part-time stuffing 
envelopes in your home. For free 
info, send a self addressed , 
stamped envelope to: P.O. Box 
81953, Dept. P127, Albuquerque, 
NM 87198. (9/2S-10/8) 

Research : Healthy women ages 
18-30. Long, irregular menstrual 
cycles. Involves sleeping with light 
5 nights, daily blood drawing one 
cycle. Payment : $10.00/draw 
($350.00+). Message: 552-8585 
ext 3219 "menstrual study". (9/28-
10/ 19) 

Roommate wanted - Female, non-
smoker, non-drinker to share 2 bed! 
2 bath. Pool, jacuzzi, weight room, 
laundry, in La Jolla Colony. Rent 
$225 or $450. Call Kim, 597-0740. 
(1 0/1-1 0/8) 
Happy with your present salary? If 
you want to make more call me 
immediately! (619)758-4602. (10/ 
1-10/8) 
Make $! Sell T-shirts to frats. so-
rorities, clubs, businesses etc .... 
flexible hours. 566-4861 . (10/3-10/ 
10) 
LOVING, RELIABLE BABYSIT-
TER FOR PROFESSOR'S KIDS 
AGES 5 AND 2-1/2 . CALL 
MICHAELORSUE,453-4798. (10/ 
3-10/8) 
Help Wanted part time weekends 
BLACKJACK, CRAPS dealers for 
Casino parties - will train. 632-
0101 . (10/5-10/10) 
Childcare needed in Del Mar 4:30-
7:00 some days. Own car. 755· 
6172. (10/5-10131) 

~S5~N(~SALON 
INTRODUCES UCSD 

"CAMPUS CUTS & STYLES· 
by LORENE 

WOMEN $18 
MEN $13 
Hilites & Perms 
(including Haircut) $45 

3251 HOlIDAY COURT, SUITE 201 LA JOLlA 453 9'A77 
AboYe St. Germoines liquor & Deli • Call for appointment • 'I 

Monday, October 8, 1990 

Can't find the perfect internship? 
The A.S. Internship Office will help 
you design your own internship for 
any major or area of interest. Call 
Randy 534-4689/ 9 a.m .- 4 p.m, 
3rd floor Price Center. (10/5-10/8) 
Delivery driver for pizza restaurant. 
Must be 18 and have good driving 
record and dependable car. 4 or 5 
eves perweek5:45-10 p .m. Hourly 
pay plus tips. Apply in person 3-6 
p.m. DiMattia's Pizza & Pasta, 8650 
Genesee #312, San Diego. (10/5-
10/22) 

Teacher: after school child care 
program in University City. After-
noons $5.75/hr. Contact Sandy, 
565-4148 (10/8-10/15) 

Attention prospective bands: Are 
you good? Want to jam on Fridays 
in front of live audiences? Want to 
be part of UCSD's newest tradition? 
If so, call Pavan at 546-8701 . (8-
10/19) 

FOR SALE 
Futon and 4-position frame. $100. 
Can deliver. 587-0709. (9/24-10/ 
12) 
1974 VW Thing. Good condition. 
Runs great. $2950 or best offer, 
457-7658. (9/28-10/10) 
G&S 6'2" surfboard, tri-fin , leash, 
$250. RipCurl full wetsuit, remov-
able sleeves, medium. $75. 552-
1012. (10/1-10/10) 
FOR SALE Macintosh with exter-
nal disk drive and software. $900 
obo, 279-9177. (10/1-10/8) 
SURFBOARDS, CUSTOM: $225, 
O'SHEN SURF. Need a new stick 
for the winter? Work directly with 
the shaperfor your personal board. 
All boards professionally glassed 
at Moonlight Glassing. 753-1 084. 
(10/1-10/10) 
BARGAINAIRLINETICKETS. Two 
$250 vouchers anywhere Eastern 
flies. Selling for $400. Includes up-
grade to 1 st class or companion 
flies half price. TRANSFERABLE. 
AMY, 558-8134. (10/5-10/8) 
Scooters, Honda Elite 50 and 
Honda Spree with low mileage. Call 
452-2843. (10/5-10/12) 
DORM REFRIGERATOR FOR 
SALE. $60. Can deliver. Call Carol 
at 587-7015. Leave message. (10/ 
5-10/8) 
SAN DIEGO - SAN FRANCISCO 
round trip airfare $50. Call 273-
3540. (10/5-1 0/8) 

IBM PC, hard drive, graphics card, 
monitor , mouse, $200. IBM 
Proprinter II, $1 00. Kris, 792-5208. 
(10/5-10/17) 

Laptop computer, Sharp PC 4502, 
dual drives, internal modem, serial, 
printer, software. $1100/obo. Matt, 
558· 8022. (10/5-10/12) 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral slUdents (64-91 %), Ifter 
~ng Ihttr course work, remaln with 
a dis5ertation pending ~ indefi. 
niltly. Among these ABOs (AII·But-lhe· 
Oiss.rtatlon) are generaHy found the 
brighllSt and I!IIst creative candldlltel. 
Addressing lhose eiemen1s invoIIIed in de-
laying COf11lIetlon, the workshop guIdIIs 
participarns. from beginning 10 following 
Ihrwgh and co~n, particularly alter 
yean of inactivity and regardless of wIlere 
!hey are In Ihe process. 

WOI1Ishop infonnalion 
985-0426 

PosIgraduall Gtoup 

Monday, October 8,1990 

Full size futon , 8", with 3 position 
pineframe. Excellentcondition, un-
used. W ill deliver - $150/0bo. 
Pleas call 558-0148, eves. after 
5 :30 p.m. (10/5-10/17) 

Round oak dining table, 42" diam-
eter with extension lea~. Four oak 
chairs included, well maintained, 
beautiful condition. Light complex-
ion easily included in any decor. 
Asking $350/obo. Please call 558-
0148, will deliverl (10/5-1.0/17) 

FOR SALE: IBM PC Junior. Color 
terminal, Okidata Microline 92 
printer. MAKE AN OFFER, CALL 
270-9220. (1 0/5-11 /30) 

Sofa/Hide-a-bed (wlfull size mat-
tress) Grey and black, seats 2. 
$70/0.b.o. Matt 558-6641 (10/8-10/ 
12) 

DISCOUNT AIRFARES. Reserve 
holiday travel now. USA, Europe. 
Free bonus miles. 481 -1264 (1 0/8) 

Puegot raCing bike. Avocet cy-
clometer. Good condition . New 
$480, asking $250. Miguel 457-
0976. (10/8-10/19) 

Santana Concert Tickets still avai!-
able. Excellent seats, only $45 
each. Call Alex anytime 458-9845. 
(10/8) 

Desk 48x24 plus chair. Excellent 
condition . $40. 693-3226. (1 0/8) 

Scooter, 1984 Honda Spree. Hel-
met, Krypton lock included. 600 
miles, paid regis' ·ation. $400. Matt 
558-6641. (10/8-10/12) 

BAR, 64", brown, upholstered, arm 
rest, cabinet, shelves, casters, like 
new, -$200/make offer - 632-7920. 
(10/8) 

1967 Ford Galaxy 500. Runs, great 
interior. Drove around UCSD for 5 
yrs. Chris 571 -3948. (10/8) 

Sofa Bed with chair. beige 8' , $200. 
Two full wetsui ts, $100 both. Chris 
571 -3948. (10/8) 

COMPUTER: Xerox PC, dual 8" 
floppy drives, monitor, keyboard, 
daisywheel printer,lots of software. 
Runs on DOS and CPM. $100 or 
best. 239-5854 (1 0/8) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, 4 wheelers, 
TV's, stereos, furniture , computers 
by DEA, FBI, IRS and US customs. 
Availabie your area now. Call 1-
805-682-7555 Ext. C-1199. (10:8) 

Full size bed. Peach blossom 8' 
Futon and solid pine frame. Perfect 
condition. Call 259-9868. (10/8-10/ 
10) 

HOUSING 
Room for rent in Mira Mesa apt. 
complex with pool , spa, laundry, 
cable, dishwasher, microwave and 
more. 1 or 2 males I ".eded. $325/ 
month plus utilities. Call Chris, 536-
1168. (10/3-10/10) 

ROOMATES WANTED ! Fun , 
friendly University City House, 2 
rooms/spacious, fireplace, garden. 
Near UCSD! $370 mo. 459-2935. 
(10/3-10/10) 

Own room in spacious University 
home. Share kitchen,laundry, etc. 
Clean , safe, big yard. $320 + 1/5 
uti!. Call ASAP. Leslie 455-9580. 
(1 0/3-10/10) 

Female roommate needed to share 
beautifully furnished 2BR, 2.5 BA 
condo near UCSD. All amenities. 
$425 plus 1/2 utilities. Prof/grad 
student preferred. Sharon, eves or 
leave message, 587-6093. (10/5-
10/17) 

Roommate; female non-smoker. 
Available nowl $400 per month, 
deposit negotiable, 1/2 utilities. 10 
min to UCSD. Own room wlba, 
great apartment ! Call 270-4187. 
(1 0/8-10/19) 

Cardiff duplex, 3BR/ 2BA, large 
balcony with ocean view, spacious, 
$1 050/mo. 633-1701. (1 0/8-10/10) 
REPOSSESSED VA & HUD 
HOMES available from government 
from $1 without credit check. You 
repair. Also tax delinquent foreclo-
sures CALL 1-805-682-7555 EXT 
H-1443 for repo list. (1 0/8) 

The UCSD Guardian 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: Gold anklet. Call to iden-
tify, x42487. (9/28-10/22) 

PERSONALS 
Russia Explorer stranded w/wings 
in NY due to TWA's London flight 
715. Call Eric (714) 963-8097. (9/ 
24-10/8) 

Beautiful outdoor dining overlook-
ing Torrey PinesgolfcourselTasty, 
nutritious cuisine, all you can eat 
salad bar ... Choices 554-FOOD. 
(20% discountw/ UCSD ID). (9/24-
11 /30) 

Did you see the Costa Verde FREE 
LUNCH DEAL? When you spend 
$50 - anywhere in the mall, (yes 
even groceries at Big Bear) in the 
month of October, you get a $5 
lunch FREE! (1 0/5-1 0/1 9) 

STUDY, WORK IN LATIN 
AMERICA! App lications, group 
advising Tuesday, Oct. 9 1 :30-3 
p.m.. International Center OAO. 
(10/8) 

VISA OR MASTERCARD! Even if 
bankrupt or bad credit! We Guar-
antee you a card or ~ your 
money back. Call1 -S05-682-7555 
EXT M-1 052. (10/8) 

Darrell- Funny how your name 
keeps appearing in the 
classifieds.Dinner is on us again 
tonight, perhaps with a surf ses-
sion beforehand but we're not sure 
if you brought your toys today or 
not! (10/8) 

Fed ... CNer 55 California students managed their cmn businesses last summer 
Fed ... Their average earnings for the summer of 1990 were $10,700 
Fed ... They rontinued to prove a deca:le-Iong track reoJrd in business 
Fed ... These students all managed with Student Painters arrl gained valuable 
management expertise 
Fed ... Most terrik>ries v.;1 be filled by the end of Noverrber 
Management turing now taldng place for the SUJDJDel of 1991 

Includes: Shampoo and quaiit-/ haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service prices reg. $21-$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To Insure faster service, it's 
best to come on weekdays 

457-3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 
MEN-WOMEN 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

, 
, 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

-=Yo! 
You saw il. You were there. And we might have missed it. So let us 
know. Call the Guardian news hotline. 534-6580. 

If we don't know about it, it didn't happen. 

GThe UCSD IY ...... T UARD~, 

Roberl'sAuto 

VISA' 

German, Swedish 
Japanese Service 

• All Work Fully Guaranteed 
• Factory-Trained Specialists 

(619)275·1132 
MOD.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 

CD 

4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

---------------------

10% OFF 
on all repairs * with this coupon 

"Except motor and transmi&swn oU<!rhaul. Nut valid with any other coupon. 

The IIOtherll Copy Center 

"" Self·Serve Macs 
"" Word processing 
"" Desktop Publishing 
"" Typewriters 

f:xpelf Rssistonce Rvoilob/e 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

'25% Off • • 
• 4 1 ~o R0gEO,cts Dark PoOUJ 

All Macintosh Servicesl : La ~II" 
• (By Ben leu /--) 

4571001 with this od • 
exolres 11/31/90 • 

••• ••••••••••••••••• 

• 



• 

, 

• 

22 SPORTS 

PRIME 
PICKS 

BY PHIL GRUE 

The UCSD Guardian 

PHIL 'S RECORD IS 1-0 

NFL MONDAY NIGHT 
FAVORITE 
BRONCOS 

LINE 
*7 

UNDERDOG 
Browns 

TWO PICKS PENDING: REDS IN 
NLCS, ATHLETICS IN ALeS 

PHIL'S A ALYSIS ... When they cheduled this matchup, I'm sure they thought it 
was gonna be a good one. And, well, it should be. Seems like these two teams end up 
in the APC Championship every year. (Of course, it never makes any difference, 'cuz 
the NFC always wins the Super Bowl anyway.) But before I digress, let.me make one 
thing perfectly clear: the Browns suck. Why? They lost to the Chargers. They lost to 
the Chargers. And to repeat that phrase once more for good mea ure: They lost to the 
Chargers. And boy, oh boy, are the Chargers good. Oooooh boy. The Chargers even 
made Pittsburgh look like champions. Besides, tonight's game is being played in 
Denver, and the Bronco ' snowball-hurling nut fans tend to make things difficult for 
opposing teams. In a different year, the Browns may have a chance, but for obvious 
reasons, thi is not a different year. Give the Broncos seven points - Hell, you can give 
about 14 - and PHil... SAYS .. . 

TAKE THE BRONCOS 

NEW CLIENTS 
ONLY II 
Walk~n$ or call 
for appointment 

OPEN: Mon.·Sal !H 
I w. do fibor G/O .. , liMn W!1p.tId S,lk W,'" I 
• Full Set .................. $16.95 
• Fills ........................ $10.95 
• Pedicure ................ $10.95 
• Manicure ................. $5.95 

Idnko·s· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Garnet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

, Official line from MlchMt, u'r )UJr 100 damn bl,!. Filhnc Space. CA 

IF YOU CAN'T 
WRITE, READ THIS 
Learn how to write for the Guardian. 

Come to the Guardian Internship 
Meeting 

The Internship program is taught by a 
local, professional journalist 

INTERNSHIP MEETING 
Tonight, 7 p.m. 

San Francisco/Santa Cruz Room of 
the Price Center 

INJURED? 
Cycle Accident Law 

Protect Your Rights! 
• Free consultant 
• Fast, aggressive represen!ation 
• Experience-results 
• No fee unbl we win your case 
• JUdge ProTem 

SIMON & S IMO I\ 
At I 01'11( ,.\ .,:\1 La\\ 

(,,,II ' \""1'111 '.' MACE S. SIMO~ 
J -~OO-5t-SIMON 2 1 II",,,, '1 "II r,, -, 

'\t "~'111ft "mil I )jl -'/Il ( '''"''/1/ 

Monday, October 8,1990 

REPORTERS: No One In 
Continued from page 24 
of footage that is beuer fit for the 
Playboy channel. 

Reporters would argue that the 
locker room is the only place where 
they can talk to the players about 
the game and get their post-game 
comments in time to make dead-
lines. Otherwise, the readers , or 
the viewers, would be deprived of 
comprehensive coverage of their 
favorite sports teams. 

Besides, reporters argue, since 
profess ional athletes are such 
prominent public figures, it's their 
obligation to answer questions 
about the game, whether they 're 
dressed or nol. 

If this reasoning wa used for 
all public figures, politicians would 
have reporters standing in line 
outside of their shower doors 
waitmg to get a scoop. 

Can you imagine videotape of 
reporters interviewing George 
Bush or Ted Kennedy in a bath-
robe? 

I think not. 
Getting a great quote from a 

player isn' t reason enough to bla-
tantly invade his privacy and clearly 
view his or her private parts. 

[t's about time that press rooms 
were set up outside oflockerrooms 

. so that reporters can get quotes 
from players before or after they 
get in the shower. 

I think both the reporters and 
the fans would be better served by 
players having a chance to clean 
themselves off and collect them-
selves before gelling "showered" 
by aseries of hackneyed questions. 

Players would no longer be 
embarrassed on a continual basis 
and would be more likely to have 
decent ans wers for reporters. I 
know I'd be more likely to have 
something worthwhile to say fully 
dressed than I would trying to cover 
myself with a towel. 

I'm all for the freedom of the 
press, but I don 't think it includes 
the right to interview male athletes 
without their clothes on. 

It's time for sports reporters to 
get out of the shower and into the 
pressroom. 

ATHLETES 
ABROAD 

Only in the UCSD Guardian 

IT'S 
NOT 
TOO 
LATE 

Warren Students, itls not too late to 
get involved. Pick up an application 
for Warren College Student Council at 
the Warren Provost Office or Warren 
Commons. 

APPLICATIONS DUE: 
TOMORROW 

'fuesday, October 9th. 

Monday, October 8 , 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Brian MorrlslGuardian 
The UCSD women 's volleyball team's starting lineup of (from left to right) Julie Fabian, Liz 
Vesanovic, Dana Simone, Vikki Van Duyne, Elizabeth Tan, and Jennifer Cross unveiled the Tritons ' 
recently-completed tie-dyed jerseys before Saturday's "Tie-Dye Night " match with La Verne. 

w. V-BALL 
Continued from page 24 

The Tritons, who had already 
beaten La Verne once in the regular 
season, were able to defeat the 
Leopards without much of a 
struggle. La Verne, ranked sixth in 
Division m, was forced to play 
without the added offensive power 
of its starting outside hitter. 

The first game was fairly rou-
tine, as the Tritons ran off to an . 
early 4-1 lead, and won the game 
going away, allowing La Verne 
only four points. 

Dannevik instructed the Tritons 
to dink early in order to tighten up 
the La Verne defense, making it 
more susceptible to later Triton 
attacks. 

And attack they did. 
Freshman seller JuLie Fabian, 

solidly replacing injured starter 
Amy Banachowski for the third 
straight match, connected with 
Elizabeth Tan for four kills off of 
the quick set alone. Fabian handed 
out 39 assists on the night. 

Viklc.i VanDuyne, Tan, and Liz 
Vesanoyic led the Triton offense 
with 12, nine, and eight kills, re-
spectively. 

After the effortless capture of 
the ftrst game, the Tritons let up in 
the second. 

" [The Tritons] were playing 
very complacently at first, but once 
they were down 10-7 they focused 
and did what they had to do," 
Dannevik commented. 

UCSD overcame two straight 
service errors to ultimately take 
the game from La Verne. 

The Leopards practically 
handed the third game to the Tri-
tons, though excellent serving by 
Tan, Ve anovic, and Van Duyne 
helped stun the already baffled 
Leopards. 

Dannevik jumped on the op-
portunitytogivesomeplayingtime 
to substitutes in the final game, 

SCORES AND ST ATS 
_s SOCCER ~2·1 .... _ till In 1M_) 

UCSO 2 Csu San llemaldlno 1 

Tie-dyed Jerseys 
Are One-of-a-kind 

The story goes back to the simplest of origins ... a college kid 
in a beginning volleyball class that happened to be taught by the 
top women's volleyball coach in Division m. 

Who knew that several years and a sibling larer, that kid would 
become the creator of the most unique volleyball apparel ever 
unveiled in a collegiate competition. 

OnSatunlay night, theUCSD women's volleyball team sported 
tie-dyed jerseys, a first for any team, in a three-game victory over 
La Verne, which knew nothing of the event until they got there. 

The idea for the special uniforms was the brainchild ofTriton 
Head Coach Doug DanneviJe, a hardcore fan of the music group 
The Grateful Dead, whose foTIowers tend to don tie-dyed clothing. 

Last May, Dannev ik said, he asked Edward Tan (yes, that kid 
from his beginning P.E. class) if he could turn a set of practice 
shirts into tie-dyed artwork for the Tritons, one of whom is Tan's 
younger sister Elizabeth, followed by the request for the jerseys. 

"My first reaction was that it was a little unusual ," Edward Tan 
said. "I was surprised at the idea, but I thought it was kind of neat." 

Dannevik surveyed the various patterns from the workout 
shirts, which took 30 hours to produce, chOOSing the final design, 
(in the school's patented blue and gold with a "v "-shaped pattern), 
because it worked around the stitched lettering already on the 
long-sleeve shirts. 

The jerseys themselves proved the biggest obstacle, as the 50/ 
50 cotton/polyester blend didn't absorb the dye as well as the 
practice shirts, thus creating a lighter color in the jerseys because 
all the polyester stayed white. 

Of the one-of-a-Idnd unifonns, Edward Tan, who has been at 
his hobby for three years, says, "I'm excited and amused about 
creating them, but 1 really did it as a favor for Doug and for my 
sister." 

Elizabeth Tan, who saw the shirts before game time, when the 
rest of the Tritons finally got a glimpse, said. "I think they're cool 
and they'll stand out in the gym." The rest of the Tritons were in 
agreement, expressing excirement in the hours before the match. 

Dannevik seemed especially pleased with the entire project, 
and hopes to make "Tie-Dye Night" into a yearly event. 

substituting freely without affect-
ing the speed of the destined vic-
tory. 

Freshman outside hitler Karen 
Grometer took advantage of this 
opportunity, hammering down 
three kills in the closing moments 

- Dana Chaiken, Sports Editor 

of the final stanza. 
"We are playing with more en-

thu iasm and communicating bet-
ter on the court," Van Duyne said 
after UCSD channeled the hype 
from" Tie-Dye Night" into their 
on-court play. 

UPCOMING EVENTS 
INTERCOLLEGIATE ATHLETICS - HOllE EVENTS IN BOLD 

UCSO goals: GOthard!. Nu"iog (aoslll8 Ind Ii",.. ullilvailabIo) IEN'S SOCCER 

WOllEN'S SOCCER (a-l ' l , ... 1IICI2nclln II\e rwIIon) 
UCSO I UC IMne 0 
UCSO gool: Klrln Undlay (Ch,ryI Pm ... !. 17:30 

WOMEN'S VOlLEYBALL (21-1, ""_ 101ln the !WIon) 
CII Poly Pomona d. UCSO 15-7. Is-a . 15-1 2 • 
UCSOd. LaV,rne 15->1 , 15-12.15·2 

WATER POlO ()-I7) 
UCSO 11 Loyola Mal'fr11OOnt 4 
Long BelICh Slato 7 UCSO 8 

THey. 3 p.m., ... CSU SIonI ...... 
_ 'SSOCCER 

WedI 1 Ida,. 2 p.tn.. va. CIII Poty Pomona 
WOIiIEN'S VOllEYaALL 
_-',7 p.m., VI. PoInt LOINI __ 

IIEJI'S WATER POLO 
W __ y,7 p.m., VI. C8U Lot Angeles 

EXTRAMURAL TEAM MUTlHGS 

WATERSKI TEAM: Tonight. a p.m .• Roc. Conl.ronce Room 
ICE HOCKEY TEAM: Ton'llh, . 7 p.m., HSS 2150 

Elizlbeth Till, Volleyball, 4th Year, 
W_ College, 810 Anthropology 
Coning out of tiny college prep high 
schools. where the walls marked the 
sidelines, Elizabeth ' 0001 Can Me E.T.' 
Tan didn1 know what to expecl coning 
into Doug Dannevik's successful 
volleyball program. But the qtiet, steady 
middle blocker (and cap!ain) has 
become a mainstay in the middle of the 
T rilon attack. Coning off a year where 
she made 2nd team All American, 'E.T: 
is looking even higher this year-not 
only to repeal as All American, but 
anolher national championship as well. 

SPORTS 23 

UCSD's 
or/gil/ot 

pi=el'ia is 
sitU lbe beslf 

erlan Slijander, Soccer, 5th Year, 
Revelle, QEOS 
'Sit: who was last years MV?, has been 
the heart of the outstanding Triton 
defense. He has atready piled up nme 
bagels In 11 opportunities this year. He 
also holds the all-time UCSD record with 
32 shulouts. A talenled and versatile 
athlete (he's been known to hit towering 
pop-ups in 1M soltbalt),SlI combines 
athletic abifily, a knowledge of soccer, 
and fearlessness to become an 
outstnding keeper. 

•• ~~ f- ~':> Paid Advertisement 
1($ ~ 8J's Chlcaao Pizzeria 
J ~L is proud to invite each athlete (and a guest) to !3J..:s. dine at BJ's for free! COIIgrats to botb Tritons. 

\\'::.~~ 8873 Villa LaJolla Dr. La jolla Village Cenler455.0662 

Educaid'" 
lH T t ', 

Student 
Loans by 
Phone 
1~800~34 7 ~ 7667 

l"nl' ,.t _Mlflllr_ C.""IW"'-' 
J h ' l1w \1"nt.:.u .. '\.', • l \1I111 11l.'r\.I ,. 1 L,~tn, . ~llI\I,-·l\t Lt'.m .. 



SPORTS 
24 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 8, 1990 

Polo Breaks Out, Then Down 
• Tritons massacre Loyola Marymount Friday night, but 
surrender a lead and the game to Long Beach on Sunday 
By Ken Perlman 
Guardian Reporter 

It was a somewhat bitter weet homecoming 
for the UCSD men's water polo team this 
weekend, as it finally broke its 14-game losing 
treak, by coa ting pa t the Loyola Marymount 

Lions Friday night. 
The celebration was short -lived, however, 

as the Triton!. lost a 7-6 heartbreaker to Long 
Beach State yesterday, dropping it overall 

record to 3-17. 
UCSDcontrolledFriday'sgamefrom 

the opening sprint, jumping out to a 1-0 
lead on a goal by sophomore Gary 
Seelhorst. 

Senior Mike Schatz was quick to 
follow his teammate 's feat, and the Tri-
tons ended the quarter with a 2-0 lead. 

The Lions wasted little time in clos-
ing the gap to 2-1, before Schatz added 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Vikki Van Duyne (14) and Elizabeth Tan combined for 21 kills against La Verne. 

his econd from the outside. 
The Tritons' defense did its job of shut-

ting down LMU, as key blocks by freshman 
goalie Andy Bruce, who registered seven 
forthe game, combined with quick counter-
attacks, enabling UCSD to extend its lead to 
5-1 at the half. 

Loyola did not give up easily, however, 
battling back to 5-3 in taking advantage of a 
Triton ejection. 

Two quick goals by Triton sophomore~ 
Mike Bennett and Kevin Vance in the final 

See W. POLO, Page 17 
Brien Morrlsl Guardian 

Water polo Head Coach Denny Harper 

Jersey Debut is a 
Colorful Success 
• Women's volleyball bounces back from a three-game 
loss to Cal Poly Pomona and breaks in its new tie-dyed 
uniforms with a three-game win of its own over La Verne 
By Monlque Vaillancourt 
Guardian Reporter 

Friday night's women's volleyball match 
was kind of, well, bland, as the Tritons were 
swept in three games by the Cal Poly Pomona 
Broncos, 15-7,15-8,15-12. 

Things got a whole lot more colorful for 
the Tritons on Saturday, as UCSD painted 
the La Verne Leopards with a 15-4, 15-12, 
15-2 defeat on ''Tie-Dye Night." 

UCSD is now 1-0 in their new tie-dyed 
togs, and the nation's top-ranked team's 
record against Division ill opponents this 
season now stands at 9-0 (21-6 overall.) 

Although the Tritons beat the Broncos in 
two games earlier this season at the Christ 
College Tournament in Irvine, they failed to 
challenge Cal Poly this time around. 

The Broncos are currently ranked third in 
Division II, and demonstrated how they 
attained that ranking to a sizable crowd of 
Triton supporters Friday night. 

Cal Poly mystified the Tritons with a 
variety of jump serves and quick -sets backed 
by an alert defense. 

Although UCSD engaged members of 
the Triton men's volleyball tearn to hit jump-
serves at them in preparation for the match, 
it was to no avail as Bronco servers pounded 
harder than any of those the Triton women 

RELATED STORY 

• NEW UNIFORMS ••• On Saturday 
nightthe UCSD women's volleyball team 
was the first collegiate team to don tie-
dyed jerseys in competiton, and the attire 
was a success, especially among those 
who arrived at the gym decked out in 
their own tie-dye. For the story on the 
evolution of the one-of-a-kind uniforms, 
see story ................ ... . .... PAGE 23 

saw in practice. 
Cal Poly controlled the first two games, 

and quickly found itself with numerous 
match-point attempts in the third, but UCSD 
was not willing to give up without a fight, 
rallying fortwelve points with their backs to 
the wall before yielding. 

Triton Head Coach Doug Dannevik 
claimed that in the third game the Tritons 
"displayed the determination of a team with 
its eyes set on a national championship." 

''The team did not give up against Cal 
Poly, and came off the third game with a 
good attitude, preparing them for the match 
against La Verne," Dannevik said. 

See W. V-BALL, Page 23 

Lindsay Scores 
Winner Again for 
Women's Soccer 

Kick 'em All Out of the Locker Rooms 

By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

Most people consider a "hat trick" scor-
ing three goals in one game, but, in a sense, 
Triton forward Karin Lindsay pulled off a 
hat trick recently. 

It just took 11 days. 
No matter, a all three goals were the 

winning ones in the last three UCSD 
women's soccer games. 

Heading into yesterday' match at UC 
Irvine, Lindsay had tallied the only goal in 
victories over U.S. International and 
Chapman. 

She completed the trick with the only . 
goal in the Tritons' 1-0 win over the host 
Anteaters, extending her lead as the team's 

See W. SOCCER, page 19 

By les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

A couple of weeks ago, Boston Herald 
reporter Li a Olson was sexually harassed 
by everal New England Patriot football 
players in the team's locker room fol -
lowing a game. Ac:cording to various 
sources, several naked Patriots sexually 

COMMENTARY 
taunted Olson while she was interviewing 
another player, leaving her in a everely 
shaken, and ju~tifiab]y angered, state. 

Thi incident brings up a long-fester-
ing problem regarding news coverage of 
profe sional port . And no, it's not that 
female reporters like 01 on houldn't be 
allowed in men's locker rooms. 

Women reporter have just as much 
right as their male counterparts to be in 
locker room a king questions. 

The point is that, as far as I'm con-

cemed, nobody besides players and coaches 
should be allowed in locker rooms following 
games. Nobody should be shoving micro-
phones or sticking cameras in the face of 
cantily-clad athletes. 

For years, I've seen videotape of report-
ers accosting players while they are trying 
to get dressed. I've lost count of how many 
times I've had to watch a player desperately 
trying to put on his pants while a reporter 
was asking him, "So, what were you thinking 
when you hit that home run?" 

Is this really necessary? 
To most people, being questioned while 

in a rather significant tate of undress would 
qualify as an invasion of their personal 
privacy and a violation of common decency. 
If thi happened to a normal citizen, the 
person could call the cops to drag the nui-
sance away for being a perverted peeping-
tom. 

Why don ' t sports per onalitie qualify 

for these rights? 
In the past, reporters have been given 

the OK to talk to athletes in locker rooms 
because "macho" athletes "don't mind" 
being seen naked. It's "common knowl-
edge" that these well-conditioned athletes 
are usually more than happy to show off 
the fact that th y are such impre sive 
physical pecimens. 

But,just because an athlete is proud of 
his nude body, does that mean we have to 
see it on the eleven o'clock news? It's 
bad enough that we have to sit through 
graphic footage of gang murders, suicides 
and cataclysmic car-wrecks - do we 
have to see locker room footage that 
would draw an NC-17 rating from the 
Motion Picture A sociation of America 
too? 

I don't know about you, but J would 
rather see highlight of the game in tead 

See REPORTERS, Page 22 


