
A Step in the 
Right Direction 

Return of the 
Killer Tomatoes 

Sargeant Wins 
First National Title 

The New Ethnic Studies Department 
Opinion, page 4 

Part III Shot Partly At UCSD 
Arts/Entertainment, page 11 

Women's Track Third at Nationals 
Sports, page 18 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 70, NUMBER 17 TUESDAY, MAY 29, 1990 

Fifth College Woman Drowns in 
Canyonview Pool Early Saturday 
By RANDY DOTINGA 
Senior StajfWriter 

Rachel Robison, a Fifth Col-
lege first-year student described 
by friends as fun-loving and ath-
letic, drowned early Saturday 
morning in Canyonview Pool. 

Robison,lS, was declared dead 
at 4:00 a.m. Saturday at Scripps 
Memorial Hospital , the county 
coroner's office said. Her death 
was classified as accidental. 

Robison and five other Dana 
Hall residents spent Friday eve-
ning together and decided to go to 
Canyonview Recreation Center to 
use the jacuzzi at 1 :30 a.m. Satur-
day morning, said Fifth first-year 
student Matt Clark, a member of 
the party. 

Drowning victim Rachel Robison (right) and her roommate Maria 
Carne in a photograph taken at the end of Fall quarter. 

to the pool area. 
". thought we would hop a fence 

or something," said Fifth first-year 
student Vic deMelo, another 
member of the group. 

"We all jumped in the pool, and 
[Robison] was right next to me," 
Clark said. 

Jennlrer Kolsky/Guardian 
World War II Holocaust survivor, Irene Opdyke spoke on her 
experiences Tuesday night in a presentation sponsored by the 
UCSD Union of Jewish Students and the A.S. Council. 

The group arrived at the closed 
pool and followed a walkway at 
the back of the pool to get in, Clark 
said. 

Members of the group were 
surprised that the walkway was 
not blocked off, giving easy access 

The students spent 20 minutes 
in the hot tub before Robison sug-
gested that they enter the pool at a 
gap in the tarps covering it. 

Soon, Clark and others noticed 
that Robison was missing. The 
students looked around the pool -
area for her and took the tarps off 
the pool in order to search the 
water but could not locate her, 
Clark said. 

Irene Opdyke Addresses Racism, Genocide Two of the students went to Dana Hall, but did not find Robi-
son there either, deMelo said. Soon 
after they returned to Canyonview, 
a student spotted the dim outline of 
Robison 's body at the bottom of 
the pool. 

By BRENT MALLOY 
StajfWriter 

Irene Opdyke, a Polish immi-
grant who risked her life to save 
Jews during World War II, stress~ 
the importance of not forgetting 
the dark lesson of the Holocaust, in 
her on-campus address on Tues-
day. 

Opdyke is famous for having 
prevented the deaths of hundreds 
of Jews at the hands of the Nazi's 
in Auschwitz, a concentration camp 
in Poland. 

She received a medal of valor, 
had a tree planted in her honor on 
the Avenue of the Righteous in 
Israel, and was featured in a video 
segment on the television show 
"The Reporters." 

Sponsored by the UCSD Union 
of Jewish Students and the 
ASUCSD, Opdyke spoke at about 
her experiences in Nazi-occupied 
Poland during World War II. 

Opdyke was born and raised in 
Poland. She was studying to be a 
nurse in the late 1930s and early 
1940s when her country was parti-
tioned between Germany and 
Russia. 

With no place to go, Opdyke 
said she escaped with friends to a 
Ukrainian forest where she was 
beaten and raped by two Russian 
soldiers. She was then hospital-
ized and nursed by a Russian phy-
ician who helped her return to her 

home. 
After returning to Nazi-occu-

pied Poland, Opdyke aid she was 
forced to work in a Gennan ammu-

nition factory. 
One day Opdyke fainted while 

she was working at the factory and 
was noticed by a German major 
who took her in as a housekeeper 
cookfor himself and his fellow 
members of the Gestapo, the Nazi 
secret police who were primarily 
used to locate Jews. 

By late 1941 , the Nazi forces 
were systematically singling out 
Jewish citizens for termination in 
the concentration camps. 

In her address, Opdyke vividly 
recalled the Nazi army forcing 
many of the local citizens to watch 
the murder of hundreds of Jews on 
the main street in her town. 

"The Nazis butchered, machine 
gunned, and buried Jews alive. 
They killed men and women, sen-
ior citizens, babies - two, three, 
and four years old. They didn' t 
care. It was terrible," Opdyke said. 

"The weirdest thing about it 
was that you could just not see her" 
in the dark pool, Clark said. One day, Opdyke said, two Nazi 

soldiers shot a small baby through 
See OPDYKE, page 3 

The students retrieved 
See ROBISON, page 7 

College Officials Discuss Alcohol, Drug Problem 
By SHERYL WOLCOTT 
Guardian Reporter 

The San Diego Area Intercollegiate 
Consortium~held in San Diego brought to-
gether authorities from local universities, 
community service groups, and the Baja 
California area last Thursday, in a forum 
whose purpose was to define the "norms" of 
college age alcohol and drug abuse. 

Representatives from UCSD, San Diego 
State University (SDSU), the University of 
San Diego (USO), and the United States 
International University (USIU), together 
with officials from the Mexican government 
composed the majority of the forum panel-
ists and audience. 

Supported by a plethora of statistics, 
several speakers reported that alcohol abuse 
is prevalent among America's college 
campuses. 

SDSU student Chelsea Griffin told the 
audience that at her school "Thursday nights 
are party nights - but then so is every night 
at SDSU." 

Both Griffin and USD student Brian 
Wink agreed that two major components of 
college substance abu e lie in the over-

whelming selection of alcohol as the drug of 
choice and the popularity of fake IDs, making 
alcohol easily accessible. 

Tom Cosgrove, associate dean of students 
at USD, summed up the general sentiment of 
the panelists in his observation that "young 
men and women are coming to college with 
the attitude that it's time to party. 

SDSU campus police officer Steve Wil-
liams related his direct observations of the 
negative effect of drug and alcohol abuse on 
campus through graphic stories of incidents 
involving intoxicated students. He said that 
substance abuse also affects the morale and 
image of the school, increases damage suit 
liability, and infringes on educational oppor-
tunities. 

There was, however, a general tide of 
optimism among the members of the consor-
tium that the alcohol and drug problem could 
be overcome. According to the consortium 
speakers, this optimism is shown in Chico 
State's current attempt to change its image. 

In his keynote address, Robin Wilson, 
president of Chico State,compared his expe-
riences 10 years ago when he took command 
of the university, which had "a world-class 
reputation as a party school," with Chico's 

current situation. 
Wilson said that ten years ago, he saw the 

level of alcohol and drug use as being "par for 
the course ... the problem was and is simply 
too damn much booze; that's the norm." 

Wilson is taking actions to change the 
image of the university that was once rated 
number one party school by Playboy maga-
zine. 

He has asked faculty to combat Thursday 
night partying by scheduling classes and 
tests early Friday morning. He is proposing a 
plan where parents of a student receiving a 
citation for driving under the influence of 
alcohol (DU!) will be informed by the school, 
and he is also suggesting that parking permits 
be denied to students who are convicted of 
Du!. 

A code forbidding alcohol consumption 
on campus at Chico has just been passed. 
Wilson now wants to deny campus recogni-
tion to organizations convicted of alcohol 
violations. 

In addition, the Chico campus is in the 
process of removing alcohol advertisement 
in the school newspaper and halting spon or-
ship of campus events by alcoholic product . 

See ALCOHOL, page 15 



n 

UCNEWS 
Regent Vice Chair Charges Reverse-
Discrimination in UC Admissions 

LOS ANGELES - Charges of discrimination coun-
tered those of reverse di crimination during a six-hour 
debate over the university' admissions policy at the UC 
Board of Regents' meeting in San Francisco on Thursday. 

The controversy wa initially sparked when Regent 
Vice Chair Roy Brophy charged that the UC admissions 
policy practiced reverse discrimination by excessive 
acceptance of ethnic groups through affirmative action 
and special action programs. 

According to Brophy, almost 60 percent of entering 
freshman are admitted solely on academic standing. The 
remaining 40 percent of applicants are chosen by more 
subjective standards, including race and economic status. 

"[The] 40 percent were admitled strictly on the fact that 
they were eligible," said Brophy, adding that he feels this 
is unfair to whites and Asian Americans who have to 
compete on academic grounds for admission. 

" Hundreds of4.0s are tumed away because they do not 
fall into any of these cultural categories," Brophy said. 
"What I submit to you is that the end result is a form of 
reverse descrimination." 

After failing to come up with other viable alternatives, 
the regents voted to pass minor changes in the UC admis-
sions policy. Under the revised policy, up to six percent of 
students who do not meet minimum eligibility require-
ments will be enrolled on UC campuses. 

Limiting special admissions to strict enrollment num-
bers rather than flexible acceptances will definitely limit 
the size of underrepresented communities on UC cam-
puses, UCSA representative DenIse Wisenhunt argued 
before the board. 

Because the university regularly over-admits, assum-
ing that many students will choose other colleges or 
universities, Wisenhunttold the regents that these changes 
would severely cripple the number of underrepresented 
students admitted to the UC system. 

"These policies would be detrimental to the students of 
color and students from disadvantaged backgrounds who 
want to attend a UC," Wisenhunt said. 

But Senior UC Vice President of Academic Affairs 
William Frazer said that the old policy is obsolete because 
more minority students are admirted to the UC campus of 
their choice based solely on their academic achievements, 
compounded by the fact that students can now file appli-

Calvin and Hobbes 
Q..LW-l! ~H~T 

~R£ '(CIJ \lOIN<; 
~£?I lIS 
NOT "~N 

tiOON! 

8:l'i , I SIJRf; GOT \1-\ 9\G 
~BLE TODAY: \ItOM Illf 
1\1£ Root 'NHEN ~E. ~l-lD 
OOT I J\lST LHT SGOOL . 

IJfO s! ~aE -rnE'i R£Al?''' 
~ l\{t'f L~ \~ OOR 
T<:IHNS ~\) N£I~~\4000S? 

} 

\~ ~ 

J(II4T."!' txlE.5 
~oN£. \(1'lCl'N 
m \.£fPf n~ 
CP-lllN<; ~£ 

'5GIC)()L 

SIlE ~ ME a"CK A~O 
'fiE. \-1M) 1\) ThL\<. Tel MI( 
It:ACIlER AND TIlE. \lI11NC.I~l! 
1\1E.'{ ,to.L~8) AQOVT M~ 
SWD'! \-IM~ITS , Al'ltl ~OW r~ 
GO, E'fll~'" ~WORK.! 

\ ~I~ 
-

00 ~E '-""J'"'''' 
B'( ~ ~T£IJR P\tll~N'tE.R I 
RfAll'{ ~ ... 'SI"'ISTER. 
Al.IE~ ~If *II) 1\4£ 
GRI!#. RlSUl..1':. Of '" C\.OSE. 

at~,~~~ 
l>IC.W~ ~ ru~1"E 

~? 
\ /~ 

• 
cations for several UCs at the same time. 

While the conclu ion of the debate primarily involved 
six regents, others expressed frustration over being inade-
quately informed of the issue. Some were even surprised 
when UCLA Chancellor Charles Young mentioned that 
the admissions criteria were slightly different at each 
campus, due to varying campus demographics. 

Judge Dismisses Neighbors' Lawsuit 
Against UCB Co-op Administrators 

BERKELEY - A racketeering lawsuit filed against 
the UC Berkeley University Students' Cooperative Asso-
ciation has been dismissed by a federal district court 
judge. 

Plaintiffs in the lawsuit Oscar v. USCA charged that 
administrators of the former Barrington Hall co-op had 
spent official funds to buy drugs. 

But federal district court Judge Stanley Weigel dis-
missed the case on grounds that Ruth Oscar and Charles 
Spinoza, two former next-door neighbors of the Barring-
ton Hall co-op, had no grounds for filing it. 

Filed in late 1989 and combined with another lawsuit 
filed by the same plaintiffs earlier that year, the suit asked 
for damages stemming from allegations that Barrington 
residents destroyed property and made excessive noise. 

However, Oscar and Spinoza decided to file their 
nuisance-related case as a racketeering suit. That strategy 
led to the dismissal of the case. 

"They' re fully malicious and ridiculous suits," said 
George Proper, general managerofthe USCA, thedefen-
dant in this case. 

Donald Driscoll, a San Francisco-based lawyer repre-
senting the two neighbors, said the racketeering charge in 
this case involved allegations that co-op officials spent 
money on hard drugs. 

"The people who had the job of spending money spent 
it on LSD," said Driscoll, adding that his clients also sued 
for "the nuisance and the filth," at Barrington. 

But, he said, "The federal court judge said that for 
someone who rents an apartment there isn't enough claim 
for damage." 

Former residents of Barrington Hall have denied that 
their style of partying or drug activities were severe 
enough to merit legal action from neighbors. 

But Driscoll said he plans to appeal the dismissal, the 
only altemative to refiling it in a state court. 

Unlike litigants in some suits, Oscar and Spinoza can 
not refile the suit in federal court , even by ironing out the 
glitch that led to its dismissal. 

" It was dismissed without prejudice, which means they 
can't refile it," Proper said. 

DoNi W,,~ 'iOIJR 
liME' E~ER'iool:: 
W"'" EIIK\J"I£\)! 
1\\£RES i'\OSOO'i 

nI£RE! 

I>.NO D"O \'5 GCll~ 
ro C\l.KK Ii E~~'I 
NIGHT TO M~\(E. 
S\)RE. Irs \lONE 
RIGH r.' CAN '!OJ 

aElIE~E I,\?,' 

L1S\E~ TO ~ EXII'ERI oN 
S~~ AJ...IE\,\':> S\lK\JIAK 
ON l1-IEIR HI~OI.lS B\()\S)Oi 
~\) mEIR ~RII:'(lNG 

lI£AllO"'R~.' ~ ,"IS 
A~\) ~ ... 

by Bill Watterson 

OOR HERo \-IM>\IIf 
~m:> ON RIlNNING 
It{ In A ZA'Kv.. E.~(j1.ctR 
SI\IP.' SPIFF\;; ~"C;III£ 

~p.,l-lE.IJ~~ ~ TO 
WIJG"'.' nlI5 COULD 

BE nlE. E~tl.' 

~UCSDNEWSJ 
Noted Author Ray Bradbury to 
Speak on Campus Tuesday Night 

UCSD students will have the opportunity to view 
"Creativity Personified" during an evening with Ray 
Bradbury, a noted author of several books and motion 
picture screenplays, will be on campus at the Revelle Col-
lege cafeteria on Tuesday at 8:00 p.m. Admission is free . 

Bradbury is best noted for his work with such motion 
pictures qnd television shows as "The Beast from 20,000 
Fathoms," "It Came from Outer Space," "Moby Dick," 
"Fahrenheit451," "Something Wicked This Way Comes," 
"The Twilight Zone," and "The Martian Chronicles." 

During the' 80s, he has been creati ve consultant for the 
architectural firm The Jon Jerde Partnership which blue-
printed the Glendale Galleria, the Westside Pavilion in 
Los Angeles, and Horton Plaza in San Diego. 

He is now writing amusical version of his The Wonder-
ful Jee Cream Suit with Jose Feliciano. 
'Kafka Project' Will Be Performed 
At Warren Theater This Week 

"The Kafka Project," an experimental project pro-
duced by the Theater Department, will be performed from 
Wednesday through Saturday in the Warren Theater. 

Curtain times are May 30, 31 and June 1,8 p.m.; June 
2,8 p.m. and II p.m.; and June 3,7 p.m. Tickets are $2 at 
the door. 

Nine actors from the Graduate Acting Program, di-
rected by Theater Professor Walt Jones, will perform a 90-
minute work based on the writings of Franz Kafka. 

Jones said the work is "a performing piece with music, 
interrelating the various Kafka texts, including letters and 
diaries." Some of Kafka's stories are also represented. 

The ac~ors will perform to the music of pianist Gordon 
Glor, who will improvise at every performance. Glor is a 
UCSD graduate music student. 

Jones has directed Broadway and Off-Broadway pro-
ductions, and will leave for the Soviet Union in June to 
direct a new play in Schelykova, an actors' retreat which 
houses a state theater museum. Jones will be directing 
"Rust and Ruin," the only American play to be produced 
in an all-Soviet playwrighters' conference. The play will 
use an all-Soviet cast performing from a translated text. 

For information, call 534-4950. 
-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 

and Jason Snell, Associate News Editor 

GUKKI)IAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Ed/toI'ln ChIef 
Roa.f MAC LEAN, """Ing Editor 
ANTON BmNER, ,.". Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, AuocI.tIlt OpInion Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, s,on. Edilor 
JAMES E. COLLIER, JR., Fft/u,.,. Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, Ne_ Editor 
RANDY 0011NGA, Copy Ed/toI' 
DOREEN EREHEA, AuocMIf FHtu,.. Edhor 
LARA HEISLER, AuocI.tIlt Alf&/EnterflJlmwn! Edilor 
PATRICIA JETTlE, AtMIE"..,.fnmenr EdllO, 
GAI..IOHN8ON, PIIoIo Editor 
PETER KO. blOCiUr Spom EdItor 
HELENA L£NG LOH, ADocIaIf AlUlEnr.rr.Jnmenr Editor 
JEFF QUAN, GrI/pIta Editor 
JASON SNELL. MIcJcf8 .. '*'" Editor 
MIAS UZGIAIS, PIIoto Editor 
JENNFER YANCEY, AHoc*If Atr./E"""""",nr Editor 
SIaIor 8tIII WIIIItI: AIO .. ~ 1liiy BtII)I Heard, Clrlltina ~. Brian 
!low 
SllllWltllrt:JchnAlln:lon.MM8er1a. WllllrBilll, Eric 1lmIo.1AI BMoId, $cOlI 
CUmIt, PiIIN ell GIIandI, MelInda HnIicn. Julie HeIn1eI, Gra 1M, Adam 

l.evy.IlMLhIIRm.Shorry~ .... '*'-"""",JcehOlhz."',,-,*. 
DavId PatIcha, ..... ~ TQID RiuuIi. NvbII RobIII1s, Mill _ , 

00IIbi0~ Uor~SIIIIItIsn..MichulScI1wIItz. Doug SII8Ido, 
t.hII SphINr, Ch!It 8In, ....., SIIIIAd. Kevin T_, Nicoll WIiIehMd, Jell 
Y.,.cN 
.............. t.IdIMIAnioI. Greg lIMe, Jennifer KoIsI<y, Coryl..ldlchit. Ed LIm, 
Ftri lI.I!\, Sua ...... , IdIn Monti, JaIme ~ Jam Ou-anl, 0WryI Vee. 
FoIlZlriga 
.......... : .... c.-.IIIoCoclplr. Tor, Fuen ... c.tn Lew. MeI~, Loig/1 

m.~. K.-;Roe. TYfOIIIIT~ 
T"",,: KIlt 8Ic:Ica ..... Filii. Jim...,., 
C4py IIIiCIiIi: Holy Cooper. Greg .-....., JI.fI Puzon. ".. SpMger 
PIocIucIIon: TIIq' Blown, Bra ChuI, ....... HIrIiIIaI, CIwW Pili<, CIndy Woo, 
Jell YMIIguCIIi 
T ..... DIowcto<i: Seth S/aIel, DavId Wyra 

1IIo1£SD~lIp.111i1hodllondoyl"'~durIng"_"""'ond 
..... _oIUCSO. ~ 01 fliI/1IWIIIII* in MyfOOn. _.,_01 
in pM. _ pomiooIon _1Iricty prohlJllod. e 1lIII0, II ~ ,_. 
IIIoI£SDC1o.adMllnot,..- ..... ,.." .,........,-,,* or 1111. ThI 
_"-in WIP'IIcI"'oigned_ot_donol~,,,,,. 
_ .. .-oIlIIo(CSOo..tliln. .. ~oI~ot .. _SIu-
_.laD.UCSO ...... - COVItldbMIln .. ~ . 

EdHorIIl: 534041580 BuaIM .. : 534-3466 Fl.: 534-7691 
UCSD GwrdlBn, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Tuesday, May 29, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

OPDYKE: Polish Woman Urges Students 
To Never Forget World War II Holocaust 

ContinUed from page 1 
the head and then gunlled the 
mother down as she frantically 
screamed and cried in grief. 

It was from 
this point on 

cies. 
Three of the Jewish citizens 

were discovered one day by the 
German major while they were 

States, Opdyke was surprised to 
discoverthat various media sources 
had denied the existence of the 
Holocaust. 

that Opdyke, a 
non-Jew , felt 
she was respon-
sible as a hu-
man being to 
help these 
Holocaust vic-

'We all have a responsibility to our fellow 
man; we all belong to one human famlly ... .lt 
is important that we don't forget what 
happened during the Holocaust.' 

It soon be-
came her per-
sonal mission 
to inform the 
general public 
of the atroci-
ties that oc-
curred during 
World War II. 

tims. 
Over an ex-

tended period 
of time, 
Opdyke befriended many of the 
Jewish citizens that were endan-
geredandhid 12 in the cellar of the 
major's home. 

The major's residence soon 
became a meeting place for the 
Gestapo. Opdyk.e would eavesdrop 
on many of their conversations 
and would informed hundreds of 
Jews of Gestapo plans and strate;-
gies for extermination of Jews. 

The major's house, Opdyke 
said, became an "information 
center" for the Jews. She was able 
to help many Jews escape to the 
forests of the nearby Ukraine. 

When Opdyke was forced to 
move with the major to a villa in 
the country, she again hid her 
Jewish friends, this time in a nine-
foot-by-nine-foot cellar under the 
house. Two of the Jewish women 
were far along in their pregnan-

-Irene Opdyke Her mis-
sion continues 
to this day. 

helping Opdyke with her daily 
duties. 

Opdyke said the major told her 
he would not reveal their identity 
on thecondition that Opdyke would 
sleep with him. 

" It was a small price to pay to 
save the lives of my dearest 
friends," Opdyke said. 

Afterthewarwasover,Opdyke 
assisted the Jews that had lived in 
concentration camps and supported 
the Jewish fight for an independ-
ent Jewish state ofIsrael. In 1948, 
Opdyke's efforts were recognized 
when she was invited by the U.S. 
ambassador to the United Nations 
to come to the United States of 
America. 

Opdyke came to America 
inl949 with little money and no 
knowledge of the English language. 

On her arrival in the United 

"We all 
have a responsibility to our fellow 
man; we all belong to one human 
family. I am selling not only my 
experiences but also my hean. We 
need to build bridges between the 
past and the present. It is important 
that we don 't forget what hap-
pened during the Holocaust ," 
Opdyke said. 

Opdyke has travelled for the 
last 10 years throughout Califor-
nia, speaking on her experiences 
at Jewish, Catholic, and non-de-
nominational elementary schools, 
high schools, and universities. 

Her message to "the next gen-
eration" is simple and clear: "It is 
so important to know it is in your 
hands, you will be tomorrow's 
leaders of nations and I want you 
to know that each of us can make 
a difference in many lives as I 
have," Opdyke said. 

HyaH Regency La Jolla 
Celebrates the class of '90 
with a $125.00 :Rer night 
Graduation Packa.8e 0 
June 15-17 includIng 
a celebration bottle 0 
of champagne 

o 

o 0 
o 

o 

o 

o o 

Tum graduation 
into a weekend 
affair with our 
Sunday Brunch 

served m Barcino 
Sunday June 17 
llam-2 pm 

5 minutes from campus 
For reservations call 

(619) 552-1234 
1-800-233-1234 

HYATT REGENCyeLAJOLLA 
3777 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE 

NEWS 3 

Make the right choice for 
your graduation parties ... 
... or come by for brealifasl, lunch, or dinner! 

~­cul.I ... 
- Overlooking Torrey Pines Golf Course 
and the Pacific Ocean 

• Beautiful outdoor dining 
- A wide variety of nutritious yet tasty cuisine 
- AII-you-can·eat salad bar 

HOURS OF OPERATION 
lion.· Thurs. 7 a~ pm 

Frldiy cloMd .1 3 
Frldiys thru Sundays 0 .. ""tauranl 

Is optfl 10 Coller your parties. 

• Deli sandwiches, fresh fish 
and chicken entrees, and more ... 

r-----------------Enjoy your 20% student dIscount 
with a UCSD I.D. 

ChoiceS-in the • - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Shiley Sports and Health Center of 0 
Scripps Clinic· 10820 North Torrey Pines Road Call 554·F 00 

Hooray for the team! 

... l)~1 

I Come on in after the game (with your ~ 
, ticket stub) and we'D give you a rree ~ 
I watne cone with any ice cream purchase I I I HII§lgm~ ! 
J 4180 Regents Park Bow. 887-3680 ~ L---________________ ...J 

GET OUTTA TOWNI 
MV~ BOXES! 

~ "I'm Outta Here" 
NEEb Student Special 

only $39.95 

"1'MounA 
HERE" 5 . SmoIBoJl8S 

1 · Mea be' 
1 Lorge Boll 
3 · Flat 
w"'_ 
I - TooeRQII 

!L_ ....... 
UU\TY 
wei ~, 

UTe Mal 
4305 Lo Jolla Village Drive 
(next to COllos Murphy's) 

Shore 01 Split With a frlendl 

--ShIpping Experts--
• Stereos • lVs 
• Speokers - Computers 

• Anything · Anywhere 

Pick Up SeNice Available 
C.O.D. or Direct (Mom /It Dod Con pay) 

(619) 453-9993 
One little coli will do II OMI 

• 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, May 29~ 1990 --------------------------~~==~~~------------------------

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUE . Edi tor in hief 
ROB IN MAC LEA . Managing Editor 
CATHER INE DILLE, News Editor 
ANTO BIIT ER. ews Editor 
DA VID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

Till! UCSD Gl4tJrJum I~ pubh-.hed t'NII."t 1,I, C'<!1..1) ;.1,.1\( Um\tNl) ofC~hfornl.3 . San I)I('go. COnlenrs ()I~ 
, IC .... S cw;presSC'd herein rc~~nllhc maJOnl), \OlC oflhe edllori:iI tx>.m.I , and arc nut n(~c~nl) tho~ oflh" 
L;C BoJrd of Rc,~nl\. Ihe ASUCSD. nor the enure Glwdwn :.I;J(f 

Ethnic Studies 

A Step in the Right Direction 
LastTue day, the Academic Senate pas ed aresoJution recom-

mending the creat ion of an ethnic studies department at UCSD. 
Approving the department was certainly one of the easiest 
decisions ever made by any Academic Senate in the UC syMem. 
Unlike UC Berkeley or UCLA, which are facing seriou racial 
tensions among students over ethnic studie , UCSD apparently 
missed the storm altogether. 

Other universities , such a UCLA and Santa Barbara , were 
rather reluctant to c reate an ethnic studies department and pro-
voked massive student protests. Here at UCSD , the Academic 
Senate overwhelmingly passed the resolution to c reate an Ethnic 
Studies major based solely on the premise that ethnic s tudies is 
practical within a very ethn ic society. 

An ethnic studies department is certainly a noble idea. Ameri-
can society is based on diverse ethnicity. The United States, 
especially Southern Califomia, i becoming more and more 
ethnically diver e. By the year 2000, the Vast majority of the U.s . 
population will be non-white. 

However, ce rtain issues mu t be dealt with before such a 
departmetll is given fina l approval. 

First, will the department provide practical learning? Accord-
ing to a report issued by the Academic Senate Ethnic Studies Ad-
visory Committee, ethnic studies is a legitimate di scipline which 
encompas e history, anthropology, political science, a nd oci-
ology. 

While proponents of the department argue that it will offer a 
perspective on how to deal with long-standing ethnic and racial 
issues in America, it is important that they keep the department 
out of the quagmire of academic politics. 

Political Science Professor Sanford Lakoff has a legitimate 
concem when he call s the department proposal "political mush." 
The formation of an ethnic studies department must be more than 
just political appeasement. With cultural diversity being a vola-
tile subject at UCSD, the new Ethnic Studies Department must 
take special care not to make the new major some sort of 
academic bastion for affirmative action. 

Furthermore, Biology Professor Douglas Smith is viable con-
cern in opposing "any implication that faculty members of the 
department [be of a] minority background." In a nation where 
racial tension runs high and affirmative action is a never-ending 
debate, the temptarion is great to form a department consisting 
entirely of minority instructors, whether or not they are qualified. 

Although fi ll ing the department with quality personntl is 
important, the university must take care to maintain a quality 
faculty in other departments, as well. The administration must 
ensure that valuable people wi ll be replaced if they are drawn 
away by the new departme nt. 

Finally, and most importantly, will an ethnic studies depart-
ment be able to maintain the support of students and the admini-
stration , which will provide funding for the major? 

UCLA, for example, is dealing with a major problem.involving 
its Chicano Studies Departmetll. The students ' anger tS focused 
around the possible dismantling of the Chicano Studies major. 
The university suspended admission into the department because 
of its "failure to mee t high standards of academic excellence." 
Students believe the university does not want to act to save the 
program because it feels it is a worthless major . "The 
admini stration 's lack of inte rest is telling us our cu lture is not 
worth studying," said one student. 

Students at UC Santa Cruz a re fac ing similar problems over 
their Ethnic Studies department. In March, approximately 200 
students held a sit-in outside the offices of the academic vice-
chancellor, demanding permanent funding for their ethn ic stud-
ies programs. The demonstrators feared cuts in the Ethnic S tudies 
Department 's budget. . 

An ethnic studies major has the potential to be very good. It will 
provide interested students with a legit imate way to pursue thi 
unique course of study. 

Furthermore, if the department head ' take care 10 develop a 
coherent , serious program. a UCSD Ethnic Studies could ~et a 
UC-wide precedent. 

Despite assenion~ that s tudents don't want majors that won' t 
getlhem career~, and that e thnic s tudies are "a step in t:le wrong 
direction," the major clearly has student SUppOI1. In a very dlver~e 
ociety, an ethnic tudies department cou ld very well be a ~tep III 

the right direction for greater ethnic unde rstanding. 

Arbitration Is 'Key' to Co-op Lock Dispute 
Editor: 

Thecurrent poimofcontention 
between the Undergraduate Af-
fairs Administration and the co-
ops can be worked out. But, if 
events keep on going as they have 
been, this issue will be a point of 
contention for years to come 
wile/her or flot the co-ops are 
evicted. The current talks between 
the administration and the co-ops 
must stop. It is clear to me that we 
need to try a new approach to 
solving this lock issue. r believe 
the "key" (pardon the pun) to solv-
ing this issue is: 

Arbitration. The co-ops feel 
justifiably threatened by the Un-
dergraduate Affairs Administra-
tion (UGA). And the UGA is jus-
tifiably afraid that it won 't have 
acce s to the co-op spaceifthere is 
a true emergency. Let's let an 
informed, neutral , third party on 
this campus decide what should 
be done. We have several faculty 
members who are both of fair 
temperament and are knowledge-
able in the e types of disputes. 
The co-ops and UGA just need to 
sign an agreement that they wi ll 
abide by the arbitration. 

However, both the co·ops and 
UGA each need to do one thing 
individually. 

The co-ops need to appoim a 
person, or group of people, who 
will represent them. In any co-op 
issue, I get one opinion from the 
General Store, one from the Food 
Co-op, and usually two or three 
from Groundwork Books. The co-
op need to take a unified stance 
and write down what they think 
has to happen to resolve the "lock" 
issue. Currently, the co-ops are 
mai nly being "represented" by 
New Indicator collective mem-
bers Andy Howard and Monty 
Kroopkin. 1 do not thmk. that these 
self-appoimed spokesmen really 
speak for the co-ops. These indi-
viduals have their own personal 
agenda, and they are using the 
"lock" issue to advance their own 
causes. The members of the co-
ops that ] have spoken with are 
much more realistic. They do be-
lieve that this issue can be re-
solved. However, to do this, the 
co-ops need to write down the 
steps that they feel need to be 

BENSON 

taken to solve thi is ue, and why 
they feel that the current space 
agreement is terrible. Then, they 
need to appoint representatives to 
articulate their view in an arbitra-
tion hearing. 

The UGA al 0 needs to write 
down its views on the silUation (it 
would be helpful to see a detailed 
written reason for the rejection of 
the UCB-co-op lea eofFebruary, 
1990). The UGA should have, in 
writing, reasons why university-
owned locks need to be on co-op 
doors. The UGA also needs to 
stop harassing the co-ops through 
threats of audits, "re-c1assifica-
tion" techniques, and other subtle 
and dubious measure. In this cur-
rent atmosphere of distrust, such 

maneuvers only add resentmem 
to both sides. 

The etwopaniescanthenenter 
an agreement to present written 
and verbalte timony to an arbitra-
tor and abide by that arbitrator's 
deci ion. 

I believe arbitration allows both 
sides to "save face," and decide 
what is best for the campus as a 
whole. I am not alone in this issue. 
A.S. President John Edson is in 
the process of creating an "ap-
peals board" to arbitrate the issue. 
Whether it be a board or an indi-
vidual, I believe a settlement 
mediated by a third pany is the 
best way to bring this saga to a 
close. 

Mordecai Potash 

Rallies Help Inform Students 
Edi tor : 

As members of the UCSD co-op ,we would like to thank you for your 
editorial ("The Way to Autonomy," May 21) outlining the crisis that the 
co-ops are currently facing. Thank you for supporting the co-ops in their 
efforts to continue as non-profit entities run by students for the benefit 
of fellow students, cOlllrary to the wishes of the UCSD Administration. 
However, we disagree with the editorial's inference that student rallies 
are a worth Ie s tactic in the co-ops' fight to retain their autonomy. 

We feel that it isessential to keep our fe\1ow students infonned about 
the latest events in the struggle against domination by a power-hungry, 
profit-crazed administration. We al 0 believe that motivat:ng students 
not directly involved with the co-ops to take pan in this struggle is 
crucial tothe co-ops' survival. Rallies can serve these ends because they 
are participatory events at which members of the co-ops can share the 
derails of their plight with fellow students, and invite these students to 
join in the co-ops defense. We do not put on rallies for the specific 
purpose of getting the administration to, as you put it, "pay attention" to 
us. Instead, rallies serve to increase general awareness and support 
amongst our fellow UCSD students, who are our patrons and powerful 
allies. If the students do not want the co-ops to be taken over and turned 
into expensive fast food joints, and understand that they can act to 
prevent this, the co-ops security is enhanced immensely. 

Of course rallies are not the only tactic we are using to shore up our 
defenses. We now have a group of very competent and experienced legal 
advisors volunteering their time to our cause. Also, we are continuing to 
gamer support amongst facu lty members at UCSD and other institutions 
of higher education throughout the state. 

Again, we would like to thank you for your continued support of the 
co-ops. But, p lease, if you want to help us, do not attempt to undermine 
our tactics - just focus on the issues. In addi tion, please do not misrep-
resent the rallies we do have with misleading front-page photographs, 
such as the one depicting the NORML (National Organiz:ation for the 
Reform of Marijuana Laws) representative giving a speech at a co-op 
rally. The NORML representative spoke for a minute fraction of the 
hour-long rally, and simply voiced his group's support for co-op auton-
omy. Come on, we know you folks can do better than thai. 

Bryan Harris 
Keith Abouaf 

Tuesday, May 29, 1990 T he UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Things Taken for Granted: Reconciling ~he Death of a Close Friend 
By BEN BOYCHUK,Associate Opinion Editor 

I never cried when Damon died. 
Damon was a very dear friend of mine in 

high school. On January 2, 1988, Damon 
wasn't feeling very well. He began toexpe-
rience an agonizi ng pai n in h is chest and ab-
domen while in church wi th his parents. His 
Parents were concerned, so they decided to 
take him home. 

Upon arriving home, Damon went into 
the house, curled up on the couch in the 
living room, and died. He was only 16. 

It was all very sudden. The coroner 
determined the cause of death to be a mas-
sive aneurysm. Damon had no previous 
medical history. It was a shock to every-
one. 

I never cried when Damon died because 
I was beyond tears. My grief was such that 
I was literally numb. 

Damon 's death wa profound because it 
showed that no one is immortal. Damon 
wasn't gunned down in cold blood; he 
didn' t die in a heroic attempt to save the life 
of another. He just died. 

I saw Damon the Wednesday before he 
died. He was happy, and looked as fit as 
could be. He was particularly jovial that 
Wednesday because he had j ust received 
his driver's license. He had borrowed his 
sister's blue 280-ZX, and drove up to show 
it off. He was so happy, and so proud of 
himself. 

Yet four days later, he was dead, and 
with him, all of a young man's dreams and 
aspirations. 

Damon was not the greatest student, but 
he was intelligent. He was a consummate 
game player; he especially loved strategy 
and role-playing games. He had a passion 
for chemistry. He was somewhat of a pyro-
maniac: he loved to make his own fire-

work and explosives, and he was quite years away, and we die.We live fast, party 
good at it . He had wanted to attend the hard, and never look back. 
California Institute of Technology and study And why not? We get out of college, and 
aerospace engineering. I have no doubt that most of us are looking at 30 years of hard 
he would have done it, too. labor injobs we ' ll probably hate. A few of 

The Monday after Damon died wa also us might end up enjoying our chosen ca-
the first day of school after Winter Break. I reers. Some of us might actually find a great 
was at my locker when another friend of deal of financia l security. 
Damon approached me and said, "You If we extend our lifespan, what do we 
won't be seeing Damon anymore ... he's see? We get to watch our friends waste 
dead." away, we lose our memories, our sight, our 

"That's not very damn funny," I replied, hearing. Our children, too busy to be both-
omewhat irritated. He seemed so COld, so ered with us and all the care we require, 

nonchalant. I couldn't believe him. place us in less-than-adequate "rest homes" 
And how was I supposed to believe him? where we are given the privilege of watch-

16-year-old boys do not die - they get ing television all day, and are treated to the 
killed. In GThe,U£S~ _ . • finest in eld-
1988 , teen - . UAJLUIAN Cl.n-up erly cuisine: 
agers were ~ chicken soup, 
flying off cliffs, intoxicated atlhe wheels of apple sauce, ... and, if were good, maybe 
thei r speeding cars, orthey were being shot our nurse will give us a special dietetic 
to death in gang killings, or they were kill- cookie for dessert. Is it really worth it? Hard 
ing themselves for some reason or another. to say at this point. 
They weren't dying as natural causes. What i truly amazing is the thought that 

Or so ] thought. some of us won 't even make it that far. 
Damon proved that the invincibility of Look around you. Look at your roommates, 

youth is a myth. Anyone of us could drop or your suitemates, or your best friends 
dead at anytime, for whatever reason. The back home. How many of them will be alive 
implications are staggering. We try so hard tomorrow? Chances are, all of them. But 
to lengthen ourlives, yet we ' re a fairly self- who knows? Damon appeared to be in the 
destructive lot. We eat our oat bran, drink prime of his life, then he had severe stom-
beer, take illicit drugs, exercise; we add ach pains one day, and was dead within 
maybe five years to our lives, we take five hours. It was that simple. 

Though seemingly random ... , Damon's death was 
not meaningless. For myself, and many of those 
who knew Damon, his death was a brutal dose of 
reality ... We are all so very mortal. 

PLEASE READ • PLEASE READ • PLEASE READ • PLEASm 

It 's been two years since Damon died, 
but I th ink of him everyday. Though seem-
ingly random and absolutely uncontrol-
lable, Damon 's death was not meaningless. 
For myself, and many of those who knew 
Damon, his death was a brutal dose of 
reality. 

We are all so very monal. 
Everyday I think about what I am doing. 

AmI taking full advantage of my life? Is my 
life entirely fulfilling? Hell no! But , I'm 
doing well enough ... well enough to the 
extent that I can look back at this year, with 
all the conflict, illness, and new experi-
ences, with a sense of satisfaction. 

Everyday we learn something new. We 
take the bad with the good and we press on. 

When Damon died, r emered a period of 
my life where r saw the world in terms of 
gray. There was no happiness, no beauty, 
no color. Tho e thoughts pa ed, but my 
memory of Damon remains, not as an ex-
ample of a chaotic world, but as an example 
of every reason to live. 

We are so lucky to be alive. Some of us 
have some great advantages, whether they 
concern wealth, a great aptitude for mathe-
matics or science. or a talent for music or 
writing. There is so much we take for 
granted. We see. we hear, we walk, we talk, 
and think nothing of it, but so many people 
cannot. 

] never cried when Damon died , but I 
came to realize that life can be a beautiful 
thing. It cannot be taken too seriously. Yet 
at the same time, we must never take what 
we have for granted. J took Damon for 
granted, and one day he was not around 
anymore. Life. and all of its blessings, must 
be savored while while we have it. If we 
wait, one day we ' ll fmd that we missed it. 

~ Belp Save ,.he ~ 
; Environmanl Robert Redford Narrates 

~ It's As Easy as 1 -2-3 
~ 
~ 
~ 1 . Precycle .. . 

2. Recycle .. . 
Cl ~ 3. Preserve ........... . 
• 

~ w. II". In a c ... ta' c ••• unlty an" n •• " t ••• 
CJ) c.nc ...... 11 lor ..... c ••• wlllllll.. •• car.Iu' ~ w" .... In. "'_tlc .I.·"ac" ... ,,, ...... tII.y fl. ••• ~ a •• rI •• fit...., to .'r. anll .tII.r .arl •• II' •. 
• 1. Siz'pack Itoillen .N "lrtu.ll, i."i.iltl. u .... rw.t.r, .0 
~ ... ri •••• i •• I. c •• '' ."oi .. t ....... 

• 

• 
""d 
r' 
m ~ 
~ 2. '.Iie ••• oee •• Io •• 11y "i" •• 'r.i.lIIl.to .iz·~ck ri ••• , ~ 
~ , .. i.kin. it i •• o .... t .. i •• to •• t. R •• ul,: ,lie Itir" ..... up l" 
~ wit .. t ... ri ••• tuck .rou." it. Itill, u •• ltle '0 0,.. it. IIIOU'" ~ ~ ~"L ~ 
• 3. You ..... 1 ........ lio .... ". ,i ••• c.u.h, .rou." 
Cl ,h.ir •• clo. As ,he, .row, ,h. ri ••••• , ,i.h,.r .... ,he 
< •• i •• I •• v •• 'u.lI, .uffoc.t •• 

~ All ftII n .... to do i. 1110 aparl eacll circle 
aa..-thea IIIrow ...... lnto 01. aarlla.8. 
Yoa caa ".lp ... iI'. as .. ., .. r-2-3! 

1,.. .... 1y: 

Recycle Bins are located around the 
Pnce Center and Student Center 

• aVffiI 3SV31J • aVffiI 3SV31J • OV3}1 3SV31J • 

• 

• 

"To Protect Mother Earth" 

A documentary depicting the Shoshone Indian land 
rights struggle. The film joins the shoshone people in 
ceremony,· prayer, hunting, gathering and protesting. 

Raymond Yowell will speak on the Western Shoshone 
people's fight to save Indian ancestral lands from illegal 

seizure and nuclear destruction, 
Friday, June 1, Price Center Plaza, Noon. 

Free film showing: 
Friday June 15t, 7pm 

UCSD campus Third College Lecture Hall 107 

Featuring special guest: 
Chief of Western Shoshone National Council 
Raymond Yowell 

Co-sponsored by the Alliance for Survival, Committee 
for World Democracy, and UCSD Associated Students. 
For details call 277-0991 or 534-4873. 

Alliance for Survl~aI27NI991 ,Comminee for World Democracy 534-4873 



6 The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, May 29, 1990 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Student Service Units 
& Student Organizations 

You are invited to participate in the 
1990 Welcome Week 

Student Information Fair 
September 20, 1990 

11 a.m. - 3 p.m. 
-------------------------

Patrticipation 
Dyes 

Dno 
Unit/Organization ___________ _ 

Contact Person _____________ _ 

Campus ExtensionjTelephone * ______ _ 
Brochures /Handou ts 

Table 

Dyes 

Dno 

D Shared 0/2 table) 
D Separate 

Please return completed (orm no later than June I, 1990, to: 
Barbara Avery, Third Dean's Office, D-009. 

I 

L _________________________ ~ 

THINKING ABOUT 
SUMMER SCHOOL? 

THINK ABOUT CHAPMAN! 
• Transferable Upper and Lower Division Courses 
• Open Enrollment 
• Small Classes 
• General Education Courses 
• Major Courses In 

BUSINESS EDUCA nON ENGLISH 
• 

COMMUNICA nONS PSYCHOLOGY 

COL~E 
• !~ 2 t; ti f 

------------

YES! Plea e send (he Chapman College Summer School Schedule (0 me 
immediately! 
Name ____________________ _ 
Address ___________________ _ 
City, State, Zip _________________ _ 

MAIL TO: Anthony Garcia, Director of Summer Sessions 
Chapman College • Orange, CA 92666 

. 

a-WEEK SUMMER 
RESEARCH 
JOBS 

For 
Physics 
Chemistry 
Engineering 
Computer Science Majors 
& Biochemistry Majors 

Eligibility: • Junior or Senior by this summer 
• 2.8 GPA or above 
• First generation in your family to go to 
college 

• Eligible for financial aid 

Eight positions are available. They provide laboratory experience, a 
$2,000 fellowship, and free campus housing. 

Pick up an application at: Faculty Mentor Program 
507 MAAC 
(a little brown building east of Price Center) 

Tuesday, May 29,1990 

ROBISON: 
Canyonview 
Pool Is Site 
Of Drowning 
Continued from pa&e 1 
Robison's body and called campus 
police. A student using the hot tub 
who was not a part of the group 
gave Robison CPR before the p0-
lice and paramedics came, deMelo 
said. 

Robison was transported to the 
emergency room of nearby Scripps 
Memorial Hospital, where she later 
died. 

Clark and deMelo said that 
while Robison had been drinking 
at a barbeque several hours earlier, 
she did not appear to be drunk at 
the pool. 

"She seemed buzzed at most at 
the pool," Clark said. 

Canyon view Pool was open as 
usual Saturday aflemoon. Canyon-
view officials were unable to be 
reached for comment on the amount 
of security atthe pool during night-
time hours. 

However, UCSD Police Cor-
poral Shaun Donelson said it is not 
uncommon for students to jump 
pool fences on campus at night in 
order to swim and sit in jacuzzis. 

"We always eject them, but we 
don't always know they are there 
[unless we are told]," Donelson 
explained. 

Several students told the Guard-
ian that people often make night-
time excursions to the Canyon-
view pool and jaccuzzi. 

Friends described Robison, an 
anthropology major from Berkeley, 
as an outgoing person who en-
joyed sports and politics . 

"She was very loud Ifsheateat 
the cafeteria she would always 
throw food. She was always jok-
ing," said Robison's roommate, 
Fifth first-year student Maria 
Came. 

Robison enjoyed singing "loud, 
obnoxious" songs in the shower 
and jumping on her floor to irritate 
her downstairs neighbor, Came 
said. 

"She was an incredible person 
in all characteristics. She had a 
great time all of the time," deMelo 
said. 

"She could also be very seri-
ous .... She had strong political 
opinions about everything," Came 
said, noting that Robison was p0-
litically liberal. 

"A week before I was really 
feeling down and she really helped 
me out," deMelo said. 

Robison's extra-curricular ac-
tivities at UCSD included working 
as a telephone solicitor, rowing on 
the crew team for two quarters, and 
competing on an intramural vol-
leyball team. 

Noting that Robison was ath-
letic and strong,deMelo said "that's 
why we were so surprised that she 
could have drowned." 

According to Came, Robison 
enjoyed her anthropOlogy classes, 
" but she wanted to do international 
banking. She wasn't sure, but that 
was what she wanted to do." 

"She was really fun-loving and 
always smiling and laughing," 
Clark said. "You could tease her 
and she'd tease you back." 

A memorial service is planned. 
For infonnation regarding the serv-
ice contact Fifth Resident Dean 
Jane Han. 

GIUJI'dian Stafl'Writer Melinda 
Hamilton contributed to this 
story. 

The UCSD Guardian 

The UCSD Summer Session 
first five-week·session begins 
July 2 and the second five-week 
session begins August 6. 
An exciting range of courses from 
virtuallv every campus department i~ 
offered . Catalogs are available now For 
your free copy, drop by 1he Summei' 
Session Office , UCSD Extension 
Complex, Building A, Monday through 
Friday, 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. or phone 
534-4364. 

'.1 ~.( ) 
~1'rE:iS " ,-...~ ::.. '(~ "1 :' S:~ "1 Dlf G c) 

Ybur Decision. Your Choice. 
• Free Pregruncy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immed\<ite 

Test Results 
• Pregnancy 

Termination 
• General or Local 

Anesthesia 
• Affordable 

Birth Control 
• Student Discount 

71te College line 
535-1379 

fliliJ 11 c!toice 
Family Plllnning 
. Associn!es 

Mediclll CrollP 

Computers 
LA JOLLA 

UCSD SPECIAL DISCOUNT 

NEWS 7 

~N~~~~~:~ --- -$765 
• 640 MEMORY T~~ 

PRINTER C=O· M.7...pA-n=B;'l:'E 
• , . YR WARRTY 
• SOFTWARE Complete System 

Anything 
you need CALL 454-5544 

Qua nltltes limited 

1110 Torrey Pines Road. Sutte A 
La Jolla, CA 92037 _m:rT1 

Financing & LelSinO Ava,lable 

FREE 
COMPACT 

DISCS 
& TAPESI 

TRADE IN: 6 CASSETIES, GET 1 FREE CD· 
2 CD'S, GET 1 FREE CO· 
2 CASSETIES, GET 1 FREE CD· 

• No limit, on approval, used cO's and lope> 

~ ••• 7rad. -2 locations 
~ 7094 Miramar Rd., Miramar Plaza 

~ (comer of Distribution) 693-1469 
5728 El Cajon Blvd . 265-2274 

• ~ 
ROBERT'S 

SAAB 

® German, Swedish & 
Japanese Service 

MOD.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 

Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 

(619)275·1132 
4630 Mission Bay Drive 

" ........... "ta •• 'rtttl 
~.,""'*-

(1·5 to Balboa exit) San Diego . ... '. • 

--------------------10% OFFonallrep8irs* 
with this coupon 

'Except motor and tl'llnsmwion overh4ul. Not lIGIid with any OIM' coupon. 



8 FEATURES 

Quotables 
" As LONG AS THE AP-
propriate time period has 
elapsed, better that the 
animals might serve some 
useful purpose than just be 
destroyed when the shelter is 
full. It should make no differ-
ence if they are from local or 
distant shelters. The use of 
animals to develop surgical 
techniques is very important 
for saving lives and currently 
has no feasible alternative.· 

Paul W. Eykamp 
Political Science 

Graduate 

" ••• I'VE HEARD DOGS 
barking from the VA [Hospi-
tal] and been haunted by the 
thought that they were 
awaiting "experimental 
procedures." I don't believe 
though, that these proce-
dures would be designed to 
create pain in the animal but 
that any pain involved would 
be minimized, as much as 
possible. Finally, I believe 
that researchers adhere to 
the ethics circumscribed for 
experiments; i.e. that the 
experiments are designed to 
answer important questions 
for human and other animal 
quality of life and advance-
ment of understanding. And 
that experiments are de-
signed to minimize suffering 
in the world." 

Beverly Harju, Psychologist 
Psychological & Counseling 

Service 

"I THINK THAT ANIMALS 
that are used in experiments 
are often mistreated. Al-
though I believe that animals 
could be a tool in experimen-
tation and treated as living 
beings, it seems clear to me 
that cruel experimentation 
must stop! We must re-
examine our preconceived 
notions about other beings 
on this planet. Our society is 
moving quickly toward a 
world destroyed by exploita-
tion; we take and grab but 
don't think about cycles. This 
exploitation of the animals 
which extend to people must 
stop! It is time to see our 
interconnectedness to all on 
earth." 

Benjamin M. Reisberg 
Undeclared 

Junior 
Inlerviews by Felix Zllnlca 

The UCSD Guardian 

Features 
LEASH ON LIFE 

, 111 
11"1, 1 {) 

l' l I' 
1I ~ ' 1I1l ~r 

HI ! 'f' 
f". I'" t. ' 

"rH! 

Tuesday, May 29, 1990 

••• 

Darryl VeeIOuardlan 
Sally Hazzard, the director of the Sap DIego County qspattment of AnImal Control, stated that the animals selected for 
research are those that have no identification and nO 1IcensB. 

Pound Animals: Activists Criticize 
UCSD's Use of One-Time Household Pets 
• Story by Kent Korzoo 
SIa/IWriUr 

as your dog ever slipped its leash Hand left you calling its name as it trotted off down the street? Maybe your cat has slipped out 
between your feet as you balanced the 
groceries in your arms. If this happens in 
San Diego. it is possible - though not 
probable - that your pet could end up as 
a subject in an experiment in UCSD's 
animal research program. 

Since 1967, UCSD has purchased 
pound animals from San Diego County 
animal shelters for use in scientific 
research. It is the only animal research 
facility in San Diego to do so. 

During the fiscal year ending July 
1989,533 animals (526 dogs and 7 cats) 
were bought from the pound. An addi-
tional 174 dogs were sent to researchers 
through January 5, 1990. The county 
shelter charged the university $50 for 
each dog and $25 for each cat. 

Markie Pitts. a member of UCSD's 
Animal Subjects Committee, said pound 
animals account for less than two percent 
of the total animals used for experimenta-
tion at UCSD. 

"[About) 90 percent of the animals 
used are rodents," she said. 

However. the practice has been criti-
cized by animal rights groups, which 
charge that one-time household pets 

, 

sho\.Ild DOt be used for animal aaearch. 
"Research doesn't choose the fend 

[untamed) animals to work with." said 
Sally Mackler of!be San Diego County 
Animal Advocatea. "The dogs chosen are 
friendly, ID8D\lpable, and used to 
people." 

Sally Hazzard. the director of the San 
Diego County Department of Animal 
Control. said that the an~mals selected for 
research are those that have no identifica-
tion or no license. They are placed in a 
potential pool and held three days for 
adoption. 

Hazzard said unadopted animals are 
"slated for eutbanasia," checked against 
requests by researchers. and held for five 
more days before being sent to UCSD. 

Professor Stuart Zola-Morgan. an 
animal researcher at UCSD who uses 
primates in his research. provided details 
on the use of pound animals. 

Some of the animals are used in an 
"acute procedure." Acute procedures are 
most often used to "train students, or test a 
device or drug hopefully useful in ... 
curing some illness." he said. 

Zola-Morgan said the dogs are ini\ially 
anesthetized, operated on. then euthanized 
with an injected overdose of barbiturates, 
the same procedure used to kill animals at 
the pound. 

"'The animal is never allowed to regain 
~ ANIMALS, page 9 

Dlrryt Vee/Guardian 

'There's no medicine 
used today that hasn't 
been tied to animal 
research.' 

--stuart ZoIa-Morgan, 
UCSD animal researcher 

, [Just because an 
animal has] no 10 it's 
not enough to soy [it's] 
fair game ... the issue 
is not whether they're 
going to die anyway.' 

- SaIy Madder, Son Diego 
County Animal AdvocaIes 

Tuesday, May 29, 1990 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

Q&A/ What is your opinion on UCSD using animals from local animal shelters for experiments? 

laurie Flieder 
Micro-Biology 
Freshman 

For medical research, if neces-
sary to cure disease -ok, for cos-
metic non·medical research, no. 

ANIMALS: 
Researcher 
Says Pound 
Dogs Benefit 
Medicine 
Continued from page 8 
consciousness," lola-Morgan said. 

The other type of research in-
volves a "chronic procedure." In 
this procedure, the animal is anes-
thetized during the operation, then 
brought out and allowed to recover. 

Chronic procedures are used to 
test the post-operative success of 
new devices and techniques. 

, [Animals are pro-
vided with pain 
killers and they are] 
not in severe 
pain ... We do not 
torture animals 
here.' 

-Stuart lola-Morgan, 
UCSD animal researcher 

During recovery, the animals 
are provided with pain killers and 
are "not in severe pain," Zola-
Morgan said. "We do not torture 
animals here." 

He went on to note that "every-
thing done is approved with the 
Animal Subjects Committee." 

Federal law requires an ethics 
panel to review all experiments 
involving animals. The panel must 
have at least one member who is 
not affiliated with the re earch in-
stitute. 

At UCSD, thecommillee, which 
lola-Morgan chairs. consists of 
18 members, including three non-
university members. 

All three of the non-university 
members are associated with 

cc ANIMALS, page L2 

Frank Baeuerle 
Math 
Graduate Student 

There is no moral right to kill ani· 
mals for human benefits other than 
survival which I consider sufficienl 
for biomedical research solely di· 
rected to save human lives. Talking 
to competent graduate students in 
the life sciences convinced me of 
the necessities of such research, 
Still it is questionable how much of 
the research at UCSD is directed to 
save human lives and not for the 
sake of just another paper or the 
sake of science itself. 

James Field 
Psychology 
Junior 

Vivisecting people's pets is defi-
nitely uncool. A lot of the animal 
research here serves no purpose 
other than saving people's grants 
rather than lives. 

Joan Murphy 
Psychology 
Graduate Student 

I believe some of the research and 
experiments are necessary for sci-
entific (and human) progress- but 
I want a real evaluation process to 
approve and veto the experiments 
taking place .. .. I also want some 
veterinary input about minimalizing 
the animals' pain and discomfort. 
They have been so often good and 
valuable friends to us, They de· 
serve kindness and respect. 

MODEL CALL 
Do you have 
what it takes to 

• appear In a 
clothing catalog? 

VHo Asaro 
Literature 
Senior 

I feel that the animals should be 
used in experiments pertaining to 
the acquisition of knowledge that 
doctors can use to solve health-
related problems in ou r society such 
as AIDS, cancer, and influenza. I 
also feel that a small percentage of 
experiments may not be necessary, 
but it also appears to me that the 
people at the top who regulate the 
experiments may not possess the 
scientific backgrounds needed to 
make their decisions. 

Photos and Inlerviews by Felix Zuniga 

The University Bookstore is looking for volunteers to model collegiate 
apparel in our new catalog, A professional photographer will be on 
site to help select men and women of all types. 

The catalog, which is distributed to UCSD students, staff, faculty and 
alumni, will feature UCSD sweatshirts, T-shirts, sportswear and more. 
Photography will take place in July. 

All you need to do is show up ready for the camera! 

When: 

Where: 

To register: 

Friday, June 8 
1 p.m. - 4 p_m. 

Grassy area, Price Center 

Pick up registration fonns at the Bookstore 

For more information: Call 534-READ 

l'\I\lI\SITY 



10 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 

The Return of 
the Thin 
White Duke 
By JENNIFER YANCEY 
Assoclale A&E Ediror 

David Bowie i aging well. 
The 43 year-old chameleon still 

has all of his trademark style, pizazz, 
and charisma, which he proved Satur-
day night at Dodger Stldium in Los 
Angeles. 

In a two hour set, Bowie high-
lighted all of the gems from his exten-
sive repertoire. He opened with the 
classic "Space Oddity," and perfonned 
all of the necessary songs like "Rebel 
Rebel." " Heroes," "TVC 15" and 
"Fashion." He perfonned only a few 
of his more recent songs-with good 
rea on ince everyone in attendance 
was there for Bowie's classics. 

The Sound + Vision Tour took a 
minimalist approach to the stage set. 
There was simply Bowie at the fore-
front. with guitarist Adrian Belew 
sharing some of the spotlight. Al-
though the stage set was minimal, the 
2,400 square-foot screen above the 
stage was not. It projected massive 
images of Bowie dancing, singing, 
floating through space, and singing to 
himself. It was an effective tool, espe-
cially for those who were sitting miles 
away. 

This minimal approach wa a wel-
!.:Ome change from the fiasco that was 
his Gla s Spiders Tour. It wa a bit of 
a flash back to his Serious Moonlight 
tour in 1983, with a more bare-bones 
approach and retrospective songs. 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, May 29, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Arts & Entertainment 
'Guerillas in the Mist' 

Inside the Other 
Philippine Revolution 
By HELENA LENG LOH 
Associate A&£ £ diror 

It de finitely isn ' t the "Rocky Horror Picture Show." 
But " A Ru tling of Leaves: Inside the Philippine Revolu-
tion," showing tonight and tomorrow night at the Ken 
Cinema, is full of its own horror. 

The ounds of crowds chanting "Cory! Cory! Cory l" 
are dubbed over shots of undernourished children picking 
over mountains of steaming garbage. An 18-year-old 
rebel defector is told by a comrade that he i to be 
executed for his disloyalty. Chilling tales are revealed of 
" tad tad" death squads - tad tad meaning "chop chop," 
as in machete beheadings. 

This is the Philippines that the Philippine Ministry of 
Tourism doesn't want you to see. The feature documen-

Corn and the Moyjes ... 
Experiencing Foreign Films 

I grew up in Clinton, Iowa, a quiet city a long the 
Mississ ippi River where people didn ' t have to lock their 
doors and everybody felt safe leaving their keys in the car. 
Looking back, I'm really glad that I lived there for twenty 
years, but to be honest, I could never go back. The dark 
secret of my crime-free hometown is that it lacked in the 
cultural attractions department. The closest foreign film 
was showing in Chicago - four hours away - while 
movies like Smokey and the Bandit Part m stayed in 
Clinton for about ten weeks. Now that I live in San Diego, 
I can proudly announce that (' m a movie addict. 

Commentary By Amy Knoke 

tary film "A Rustling of Leaves" doesn't rehash the 1986 
People Power Revolution that put Corazon Aquino ' s 
gove rnment into power. Instead, it explores the harsh 
realities faced by the left-wing opposition. 

"A Rustling of Leaves" presents tales seldom told, un-
fam iliar even to many Philippine residents. While slow to 
slart, "A Rustling of Leaves" becomes a highly personal 
story by the end of the two hour documentary. Canadian 
writer/direc tor/producer Nettie Wild follows the stories 
of select characters in a political ka leidoscope of the Le-
gal Left, the Illegal (armed) Revolution, and the armed 
Reactionary Right. 

fo1LM: "A RuslIinc of Leaves: Inside !he Pbilippine Revolution," 
May 29-30 II ,: 1',7:30, and 9:30 p.m. Ken Cinema, 4061 Adams 
Ave., KensingtOn. Admission $6. 

Unlike typical documenta ries, the film relies less on 
historical occurences and more on Wild 's observations as 
she traveled with the rebel army and talked to farmers in 
villages. 

Wild 's interviews with the various personalities -

then quickly leaving to e ngulf yet another small follow-
ing. 

The images of my "first" time constantly reel over and 
over in my head. I had heard that there was a very creative 
vers ion of a Shakespearean work about to be released and 
r fig ured since I had already read the book, why not see 
the movie? No time would be wasted figuring out the plot. 
Sure enough, the ad for "Henry the Fifth" that appeared 
in the newspaper was barely visible against such box-
office smashes as the Turtles. I knew I had to go, but fear 
and questions began to overwhelm me. Would I be the 
only one there? Would I be able to understand it? What do 
you wear to the Park Theater? Black? 

I defied my natural instinct to chuck the whole idea 
and decided instead to face whatever lay ahead. r could 
accept new and different experiences. I was brave. I had 
guts. Besides, a friend said she would go with me. 

and her first-hand understanding and footageofthecommu-
nist insurgents - make clear the many contradictions in 
Philippine political life. She didn ' t flinch at baring the 
unpleasant s ides ofboth the communist and pro-government 
groups: the film examines with equal prominence both the 
guerillas putting a defector on trial in a people's court. and 
an anti-communist radio broadcaster proudly citing the Nazi 
influence he uses in his propaganda tactics. 

"A Rustling of Leaves" isn't an academic documentary. 
Wild livens up already beautiful footage of rural Philippines 
with both Talking Heads songs and exotic As ian-style (albeit 
not necessarily Filipino) music , and highlights political 
happenings with Manila's newspaper headlines radically 
sprawled across the screen. You won 't be asked to memorize 
facts of the Philippine modern history - only to understand 
another side of the story apart from the political bigwigs. 

It ' s far removed from the protected enclaves of Makati, 
home of well-to-do Philippine senators and foreigne rs -
and even farther removed from La Jolla. To walk out of the 
Ken and come back to comfortable La Jolla is to realize just 
how little we' ve experienced in our own lives. 

The Hayashi film was part of the UCSD International 
Style series that continues until the week before finals . The 
upcoming "Talvisota" looks like it too, will attract the same 
large crowd that filled the Price Center Theater on the night 
that I was there. What is even more attractive about this film 
is that the director, Pekka Parikka, will be around after the 
showing to talk to the audience. When was the last time 
Spielberg showed up to talk about "Back to the Future, Part 
67"? 

[t's a good bet that you ' ll find me crouched down low in 
some comer seat in the Price Center tonight, waiting for the 

Yet the Serious Moonlighttour was 
better. This weekend's concert lacked 
the energy so prevalent in his previous 
tours. The backup band was a bit mo-
notonous, although Belew was a greal 
addition. To see Bowie perform is al-
ways fantastic, but there was a sense 
that he was simply going through the 
motions. David Bowie in action on Saturday night at Dodger Stadium in L.A. 

Hey, things could be a lot worse. I could have gotten 
addicted to that white stuff which isREALL Y hard to buy 
in (owa. Instead , { took to the silver screen, becoming 
strung out on Woody Allen and David Lynch films and 
collecting video store memberships as if there was no 
tomorrow. However, thi s past year my disease has pro-
gressed one step further. I no longer hunger for well made 
popular films. Now I have to see foreign films, those 
pictures that almost silently creep into the Cove or the 
Ken, stirring !he senses and the emotions of a few, and 

After that experience I found myself going back to the 
theater, like a junkie, waiting for my next flick, hoping 
that it would be as good as the last. Sure, I sat by myself, 
alone in the dark, but I didn ' t mind because I didn 't have 
to worry about anyone else liking the films. The highlight 
of this trip has been "To Sleep So As To Dream," a mostly 
silent film directed by Kaizo Hayashi. Produced on an in-
credibly low budget, Hayashi still managed to create a. 
rna terpiece made up of fantasy, reality, and dreams. 

. lights to go down so I can escape the pressures of my own 
reality and fall into the realities of World War II.However, 
I have to tell you one last thing. A couple of weeks ago, I was 
talking on the phone to a friend of mine who goes to Iowa 
State, when she started telling me that she had seen " Henry 
the Fifth" that past weekend. ( couldn't believe it! Had Iowa 
changed? Was it safe to go back? Could I assure my future 
offspring that they could enjoy a life of culture and still grow 
up in Iowa? I started to think about the cost of plane fares into 
Des Moines when Jeni went on to say that she had spent the 
past weekend in Chicago. My dreams were shattered, I 
mean, what'S more important? Rolling fields that look like 
thick green carpet, fresh air, and clear blue skies, or subtitles, 
uncomfortable theater seats, and six dollar tickets? 

This summer. we are introducing the most intensive 
commercial MCAT prep course in the countQt. 
Two m o nths, six d ays a week. Full-time instructo rs. Three 
practice MCA Ts. Info night is Tuesday, June 5th, 6-7:30pm, 
at our classrooms (Suites 1131 &32A, behind the E-Bar and EI 
Torito). Wa tch the G uardian fo r future d etails! 

~U •• _~_/~~~_._ ... 
L:::JII JjJl::l -'l::t::Il "I III '!:::I (619) 455-1000 

r--------------------, I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

2 TANS 1 
One for You, One for a 

30 TAN DAYS 29 
I TRIM & TAN· UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct. ' 455·0909 

Pacific Beach' Mission Valley ' State College ' Sports Arerul • EnCinitas L __________ _ _ _ _ ~ __ __ _ 
I 
I Lose 6" Guaranteed! I European Body Wrap - Only $48 
I Not a temporary water loss. Reduce cellukte and stretch marks CaI1 tOl deWs' 2nd 30 tan days $39 99 • F.st tune Cltents 

E'pues 6112·90 .J 
L ___________________ _ 

the copy center 
457-3775 

8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Pia's 
Resale 
Shop 

Vintage 
Clothing 
and 
Accessories 

1570 Garnet Ave. Collectable 
483-6175 Items 

. La Jolla 
(Q)1lIl~ IHI<t1>mtf JP>1ln®ft(t1) 

Open 6 days a 'Week - Gone fishing on Sundays! 

6-minute 
Copy Prints 
7523 Fay Ave. (Vo ns Center) £ 
• 459-0696 

TIENANMEN 

Excuse me while I go buy my popcorn. 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279·5955 
D' AGNESS A Insurance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 
San Diego, CA 92111 

ALSO: MEDICAUDENTALITRAVEL INSURANCE 

SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE 
BACKPACKS 

WA 65 REG . $119.99 NOW 79.99 
WA 63 REG. 129.99 NOW 89.99 
WA 68 REG. 139.99 NOW 99.99 

INTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 
DUPONT CORDURA • lIFETtME WARRANTY 

"FAMOUS TRAILS" - "MEt" - "EAGLE CREEK" 
"EASTPAK" ALL AT LOW DtSCOUNT PRtCES 
r (h,;-27ixi "a~ei boOt:s. ,-maps:I~· " \ 
, oaoe. pac • cans mone)' betlS pass 
: pOf1 holders. neck pllklw5 vol1age 

~_~~!!1~~ • ?~ ~~_h~ ~u~h_ ~!t_ J.~ 

1S39 Garnet, Pacific Beach 483-1421 
10 a.m.-6 .m. Sun 10 a.m.-S .m. 

LIDIA 
Offers 

Students 
15% off 

Cuts 
by Jennifer 

7535 Girard 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

619/ 454·9651 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

('\III"IIR'" 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 amino Del Rio 

North #315 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 11 

... s 
Look out Turtles, the Tomatoes are back. HIatus caughtthe crew 

of "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" shooting the final scenes for 
part three of the cult classic in an eucalyptus grove near the 
Supercomputer Center last Thursday night. 

Perhaps it was more than a mere eerie coincidence that First 
Assistant Director Michael Grossman was also involved with the 
production of the much-hyped hard-shelled heroes. Are the two 
movies, perhaps, of a similar genre? ·Yeah. Smaller phases, but 
similar: Grossman replied to our discreet query. 

Director and Killer Tomato originator John DeBello explained 
that the film Is a spoof of typical horror movies. In one of the scenes 
filmed in the eucalyptus grove, the heroine, played by Crystal 
Carson, Is assaulted by a man in a hockey uniform. Mind you, not 
just some wimpy Jason hockey mask, but the whole uniform, shin 
guards and all. 

"But; DeBello added, "before he can get her they're both 
attacked by miniature !<jAer tomatoes wielding chain SlIWa. The 
tomatoes, they're vicious and evil." 

Wen, not all of them are evil. There's one good tomato, F.T. -
Fuzzy Tomato, a cute little luzzball sporting a Sher10ck Holmes hat 
who helps out the good Detective Lance Boyle (Rick Rockwell). 

In addition to F.T. , Carson, and Rockwell, the film stars John 
Aston (who played Gomez Adams on "The Adams Family,· and now 
appears on "Night Court") , comic Kevin West, and swimmer Steve 
Lunquist. 

As the crew prepared for filming another scene. Grossman 
related part of the plot. "In this scene, Capt. Finletler, who's a hero 
of former tomato wars, is diligently searching for the Temple of Food 
where the bad guy hangs out with the tomatoes. But Capt. Finletter 
is notoriously five minutes late for his rescues." 

The Temple of Food? What's .hat?"The tomatoes make human 
sandwIchee in the Temple of Food: Grossman explained. "During 
the pid1Jre our leading lady, a tomatologist, is captured and is made 
into a bacon, lettuce, and human sandwich. You really see thallt 
really happens. But she gets saved rightafterthey putthe mayonnaise 
on." 

The makers of the film don't like to take themselves too seriously. 
"There are still people on this planet that think the killer tomatoes are 
supposed to be for real, and they're not!" DeBello said. 

"As a matter of fact there's a killer tomatoes cartoon show 
which Is starting on the Fox network in September, which we hope 
will say to the little kids that it's all meant in fun. Little kids get the 
jokes, but we worry sometimes about big kids." 

Make room on the grocery shelf for some Killer Tomato Cereal. 
And the Killers are already way ahead of the Mutants in the soup 
market. 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! \ 

).., " 
.. , 

HOURS: 11-10:30 Sun.-Thurs. 
11·11 Fri. & Sot. \ ,.~ 

LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd. . Ste. 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

.. , 
" u • • ." \ 

M •• ~ ""e'" 
... ,,)0 

,. 

. 

}-

--------------------

: 2 5°~ OF', :~:,~I~ : I 10 large frozen yogurt I 
I Void with any other offer. Toppings not Included. Exp ires 6/3/90 . I L ____________________ ~ 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

IIlSII·ucto,.'s Course Readers 

Ca~ Copy 
• SELF SERVICE COPIERS 

• VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

• Free Pa rking 
• Book Bind ing 

• • Coptes whi le you walt 

• 
• 

Hours: Mon.·Thu. 8:30-6:30; Fri. 8:30-6; Sat. 12-4 
~.- "i1i90 
).! II flolit/tll (, (,,~. \ I 'u n",,,,,,,u It. P,::a } 452-9949 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 



12 FEATURES 

UCSD Summer Session 
has added the following courses: 
• First Session (July 2-August 3) 
Economics 100A: Microeconomics 
Economics 120A: Econometrics 
Psychology 102: Intro. to Sensation and 
Perception 
Psychology 183: Infancy 

• Second Session (A Igust 6-September ,) 
AMES 10: FORTRAN fo r Engineers 
Chemistry 140B 
For further mlolillation. oilone tile Sllllll1lel 
SessIOn Office Jt 534-4364 01 534·4365 

L.J-=~EJ 

The UCSD Guardian 

UN I VERS I TY OF C A lI FO~N IA S AN DI EG O 

ATTENTION 
PRE-MEDS: 
JOIN THE UCSD 
PRE-MED. CLUB FOR 

"MEDICAL SCHOOL 
INFORMATION NIGHT" 
Wednesday, May 30, 1990 • 7 • 9:30 p.m. 
Old Triton Pub in the Student Center 

Learn the latest information on the MCAT (including changes for the 1991 exam), MCAT 
preparation , current trends in med school admission, and tips from current med school students. 

Featuring: 

The Admissions Perspective: Maria Lofftus, UCSD Medical School Admissions 

The Student Perspective: UCSD Medical School Students 

The Faculty Perspective: Dr. Thomas Bond, Revelle Provost 

All About the MCAT: David Bigelow, Stanley H. Kaplan Educational Center 

ENTER THE DRAWING FOR A FREE MCAT PREP COURSE. 
REGISTER AT THE SEMINAR 

Call 277-6744 for more information or see a Pre-Meet Club member! 

Tuesday, May 29, 1990 

ANIMALS: 
Activist Says 
Research Not 
The 'Right 
Thing' 
Continued from page 9 
humane societies and "have an 
equal voteandequal say,toensure 
that all welfare concerns are met," 
Zola-Morgan said. 

Despite these_assurances, Mack-
ler maintains that using pound 
animals in research is "not the right 
thing to be doing." 

She and other activists feel that 
the criteria used to select dogs is 
not "tight enough" to prevent one-
time household pets from being 
used in research. 

WhileUCSDdoesnotpurcha e 
animals with collars, tags, or tat-
toos, Mackler claimed that other 
obvious signs of human care, in-
cluding trimmed nails, groomed 
coats, and response to human 
commands, are ignored. 

Mackler feels that just because 
an animal has "no ID, it's not 
enough to say [it 's] fair game ... the 
issue is not whether they're going 
to die anyway,'· 

While he did not deny that it is 
possible for one-time San Diego 
pets to end up as subjects in re-
search at USCD, Zola-Morgan 
cited what he felt were "clear ex-
amples" of human benefits derived 
from animal research. 

UCSD played a vital role in 
developing cardiac bypass surgery 
and its techniques were "devel-
oped substantially by using dogs, 
specifically pound dogs," Zola-
Morgan said. "There's no medi-
cine used today that hasn't been 
tied to an imal research." 

According to Mackler, "no one 
who has brought an animal to a 
county shelter has ever checked 
the box volunteering the animal 
for research." 

Features 
Writers: 

There is only one pay 
period left I If you have 
yet to be paid this year 
stop by the Guardian 
offices, or call 534-

5226. 

grassroots 
communication 

presents: 
Join Campus Public Servic. 
Organizations 10 find aut 
haw your Iolenh can 
contribute 10 community 
development proj«h. 

~ 
public service 
expo 

Tuesday, May 29, 1990 

LECTURES 

THURSDAY, MAY 31 

7:00 p.m.-aking pooraod netding health cure in San DieJo. REALITIES speakers: Paul Simms. 
depulydirectoro(~hh services· Sttn DiejtoCounl)l and SIlJ'tl. Helm. mother and p:uiem advocate. 
Sponsored by Ph)'sici:an~ for Nplionlll Hellth Plan. Garren Aud. 

FRIDAY, JUNE 1 

12:. p.IIL-Raymood Yowell, Chief· Western Shoshone National Council, will spe:.k on the 
Weslem Shoshone people's fi&ht 10 save Indi:ln IlN.:csttlllands from iUe&1l1 seiz.un:: and nuclear 
destruction. High Price Plaza.. 

7:DO p.m.-''To PnxCCI MOI.ht.r Eanh." Il new film by Joel L. Freedman ofCil'lll4mon Productions 
(New Yor1c).lWTlucd by :U;lorRoben Redford. DtpicllnC lhe: Wescem Shoshone India" liuK! rights 
liUUule.lhisdocumemary IiImjoilU lhe: Sh<nihone people in ceremoo~. potyer. hundn,. plhcrin,. 
and procestine. Raymond Yowell. Chief - WeMern Shoshone National Council. will lueS( speak. 
TLH 107. . 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

TUESDA Y THROUGH FRIDAY 
8:00 ........ :00 p.Ift.- SlOJ PLUS • Systems 01 Interactive Guicbnce and Inform:lIfOll lJ D 
COnlpUltr-based PIOIfItnoi tllI'W' information desi&ned 10 help you cillrify yoorslcill s. v:lIues and 
occupational inlmSis. For more informalion,COfneIOCarecr ServicesCenler. Admission: SIO.OO. 

8: ... m.-4:JI ..... - n.c LanIUDse Propan provMtes :assistance to iludcnb whose rgdvc 1.-
gul.&C isnol En,lish and 10 thoxdoinl work. in baJian.Iapanc:K. Spanish. French. Genna". Hebrew. 
and other bnCuaccs. A diaposdc;: Ie" on "'"lIen En,lislt as a second lanCUlle is :lv~l.bIe on ~­
q\le$l. Call; 0534-2284 for more In(onnalion. Siudeni Center, Bada. A, 1214. 

8:" .. m.~:30 p. ... .....QASIS Wri.in. c..r .... o«m free _ f ... all UCSD SNden" who need 
pre-wrilina help, con(etenceaon dralU, and cdirinlld ... k:e. We CIlpec .ny kind of writing and Iny 
k.ind 01 vnilina prob&cm. Conferences are by .ppointmhu only. Evenin. appolmnlenlS an: also 
."ailab&e. (For fu ll "'Ce of:w:rvic:u.1ieC the back oftbe currenlcW:5schcdl4le.) CaJI,SJ4..2284 or 
come by S.uden. c..rrcr. Bid&- ,0..1214 .0 ~ an _In.--. 

TUESDA Y. MA Y 29 

1:31-4:. p..m.- Drop..in Adviliq Hours - (W help with CaRlCf £oa11, job hundn .. reu. 
preparation, ore..pkJrinl pro(essioaaJ or sr-I .... IIC Sl.:hooI opporuanilic&. Noappoifltmtnl~. 
JUSt walk in. CaR:er Scn'iccs Center. 
1:11 p.a..-lnkrVtewinl Skills WOftshop. Do you need help in preparing for job inlaViews' 
~r Services Cemcr will provide lips on the best ways 10 prtaCnl your quaJir.calions and whit 
kind of intcrvicw questions 10 expect. 

WEDNESDAY, MAY 30 

1:J0...4:" p ... - Drop-in Advl5inc Hours - (Of help with career lOlls. job hunting. resume 
prepamion. orexplorinl profeuioRaJ or padUlk IChool opportunities. No.ppointment neceuary. 
just ...... k in. Career ScrvK:cs Cenlel'. 

T he U CSD Guardian 

J :00-4:3O p.M.-DISCOVERY· In lhis br.and new 'NOI'kshop. you use your conmon scniC 
(inluluon.e",periencc. and intelliac:nce) lOconnc:ct wllhocc:upational poulbililiCS lrot merit further 
eltplOBlion. CilI'eer Serviccs Cenler. 

THURSDAY, MAY 31 

I I :00 p.m.-The M41ketable Resume: Workshop. Learn how toconSUUCl is slale-of·thc·aTt resume 
Ihat Will makc you stand 001 (rom the cro ..... d. Career Services Cenle,. 

1:30-4:00 p.m.-Orop-in Ad"isin& Hours • for help wi.h Carftf pis. job huntin,. resume 
prcpanl1ion. Ofexplorins professional or potduate 5C0001 opponunitie5. No appointment necessary. 
jUliI walk. in. CwtICl' Services Center. 

FRIDAY, JUNE t 

I !J0..4:00 p.m.-Drop·in Advi inc Hours - for help ..... ith career &oals. job hunling, resume 
prepanukln.orexpJorinJ pm(~ion::llor graduale: school opponunilic$. NOllppoimment necessary. 
just walk. in. Can::er Servicel Cenler. 

SERVICES & WORKSHOPS 

TUESDAY, MAY 29 

""11 :00 .... - Alcohol.nd Subsrance Abuse Peer Counsclinl. For sniaht Qlk IUld smiCht 
answers., contacl Marc Wintriss. peer counselor. ArJo HaJI. ROOf'll 100010S. 

9:80-U:00 ,. ... -Alcohol and Sub:slance Abuse Peer Counselln,. Are you concemod aboul I 
(riend buc· don't know what 10 say? SlOP by and ICI', Tllk. You c.n help! Cecili, A. Nepomuccno. 
peer counselor. For I1'IOfC infonnadon, call Jeanne Manese.1 S34-J01S. TC Deans; OfrlCC. Room 
107. 

2!J0..4:eo P.m.-Oradualc Men'sand Women·sThcrapyGroup. A week.ly group for&fl(luatc SIU' 
denls interested in eqMorina relationships. ocadcmic/professiooal issues. and personal conccrns. 
Led by r.4iriam 1000000ki. S34-02SS. For more information and I prelimina.ry Interview before 
coming 10 the &f'OUP, elil Miriam. GH 1003. 

l:Jt..t:tl p.&-AsiulPaciflC Islander SIOOcms' Support Group. Thlsdrop--in &fO\Ip 15 (je,icned 
10 IddraIlhe coacems of the A5ianlPacific .,lander students at UCSD in I probkm-iOlvinl and 
supponive ID"nOSphere. Issues soch as academic and carter concerns, family sySICITIS In cultural 
transition, lelf idenlily, and livin& in two cullures IS Itudenu are possibk dilCu ston lopks. Lcd 
by Jeanne MueIe. catl.lanne al S34-3035 for mort lnformadon. Mounu.in View Lounp:. 

3=--C:31 p.a-(jn:J8p for Unmotivated .nd Procrastinaainc StudenlS. A croup rar students who 
find it diff'tcuh 10study or get stancd.on the. wrltingof papers and who(ccllhal school is not me place 
fur them aa millime. l..ad by H"p Pun. S)4.)4.s6. Revclk: ProvOSI', OffICe. 

J:Jf.S:eO ...... -Copin.Skill'G""'p. The goal of.hil JIOOP ilrollOdtrSWld some of tile ways 
in which emotions. biokJ&ical moods. coanilive anitudes .nd SD'I1C&ieS, u well IS behl.vionl 
paucmsinlel'llCt 10 cimer creaae. ortosol ... e.probIcms. This will be In active poop usin& ima&ery 
and m.ww I«hoiques in _ and • telf·help book and __ 1><_ sessicn~ Led by 
BeveriyHaojuandy ..... Mi ..... Call Beverty .. 534-6493 ... y ....... 534-172S f ... in_ 
and • pRlinrinary Inrcrview before eomln,.o .he ",,"p. 202 We. eonf. Room. 

.~:t8 p.m.-Alcohol and Substance Abuse Jt.:cr Counsetinc. For SuaiPI talk and suaicht 
IRSwm,. oon&aC1 Marc Winlriss. peereo&an5dor. ArlO Hall. Room 1000JOS. 

5:"':JO p. ... - ArriQn/A.mc:ncan Women', Support Group. An inronnal VOUP whicb meets 
,",",y to dilCY$I IQPics 01 interest 10 AfricaniAmenclR women. Emphasis is on sharing thou.hl 
and (eclinp about 1M academic. personal a.nd socill experience It UCSD. Lcd by Eq"iIl. Luke.. 

~~249, 0IId Cry ... 1 Shannon. 534-02S4. Mounrai. View Loon&e. 

WEDNESDAY, MAY 30 

..... 11 :3IL ... -Lati~hicllno The.rapyGroup. This group dells with issues 0( self-.doubt,.nd 
inte.,.un, variousupccisofli ... ina; put:nts. family,JOCiill relaaionships We wiH 'A'Ofk toward the 
JOII oImainwnin. StUdent produclivlf)'. Led by Dan Mmoz, 534-1579,:md Reina J~z.. S34-
387S. Call (or Informalion and sign up. Revelle ProYO$l', Building. 

J :~3:ODp..llL-Alcohoi and SUMlaIlCe Abuse PtcrCouaselin,. Are you C()nC(:med aboUIa friend 
but OOn't know what 10 say? Stl.>p by and let's Wk. You can help! Cttilia A. Ncpomuceno, peer 
... 'OUnselor. For more infonnation. ca.U JClJI\OC M'.~ ::u !ii)4..30}S. TC Dt;ln5 OffICe. Room 109. 

4:00-5:31 p. .... -Ceneral Therapy Group. A group for undet&ndUite students who would like to 
explore lheir thouPlI Ind rodin,s in I crouP sciling. Concerns common 10 !Iorudcnu .. hkh Will be 
cxp&orcd in this poop lI'w:ludedc ... dopinl adult relltKJnships with parenlS, exploring ~Lauonships 
with peers, and .ivlnl and recei ..... C fcaa.ck (0 crouP members. L.cd by Eq"dla Lukc. Sl4-0249. 
Call for I briefpreUminary appoinunel1l before comins: to the ,roup. GH 1003. 

': .... 7:31 ,. .. - Lesbian and Bisexual Women', Suppon Group. We're a weekly. coorMknuai 
drop-in POUP (or women interested in discussen, penooaI concerns Ind 50Ciai issucs; in a tOm(on· 
1Ibk:. iUppOI'tiveenvironmciH. Drop by lhe Women's RelCMltCe Cenler(in the Price CenlC'). or call 

~34·202J or l34-3155 for IIlOK infonna.ion. Led by Cheli and Sue. 

THURSDAY, MAY 31 

""'1 1:00 ..... - AIcohoI and Subs ...... Abuse Peer Counodin .. For smi&h' ralk and suailh. 
answers, contaCt MaR: Winuiss.. peer counselor. ArJo Hall, Room 1041105. 

"00-11 :08 ..... - Aleolrol.nd Subswrc. Abuse Peer eou-lin •. A .. you concomcd about. 
friend 001 don't know whu lOA,.? S&opby lind let's I:alk. You can helpl CeciliaA. Ncpomuccno. 
peer munsclor. Formon: in(on'OIlion. call Jeanne Mane$C at ,)4.30305. TC Dun om«. Room 
101. 

FRIDAY, JUNE I 

l:OOJ:JO ,. ... - Akohol and Subsunce Abuse Orwp. If you hive ever asked. "00 I have I 
problem?," tt.nccs Ire you do h.ve a rew thins, 10 "Ik lbout. Led by Dan Munot Md Equilla Luke. 
Call Dan It 534- 15'79 ror inronnadon. Revelle Provosl's Off'.ee. 

4;00.6:00 ,.-.--ca.JlN$ Black Forum. An informal di.5C"ss~ppon puup whM:h focUMS on 
lSiUC,. ooncana. Md upe.ricncts thallft'ec11he qualil)' or life of &he AfricMlAmerican cornnMII\ilY 
•• UCSD. A ...-• ..".i., and MIII·buildi ... ~ i. uood IO""U"""" ill ....... willi 
ar:ocIemic, social ...... ion ... ip. arrd family ......... I..od by Phil Raphocl and Opuol_ For 
....,.. Inlonnadon. eall '34-315'. 

13 

TheWeekly 
Calendar 

TheWeekly 
Calendar 

Photos by Rimas Uzgiris 

RELIGIOUS FUNCfIONS 

TUESDAY, MAY 29 

12:00-1 :08 p.m.- Bible Study - Chnslians ate sludyml in the book of I TirtlOlhy. We;trC haVing 
4 are:u time Iookin& at the scripcurcs. Evcryonc invhcd!! ?riel( Cc:nlc:r. Rm 5 

HEALTH & FITNESS 

TUESDAY, MAY 29 

1:00 p.m.-~lt queSUoni? Sinh control qucstions' Come di~uss these mallcrs in a fun 
atmOSphere "'hh Ii fellow Snldenl Health Advoc.1leata Binh Control SC!lSion today. Studcnltltahh 
Strviocs, 2nd lloor, 

WEDNESDAY, MAY 30 

12:00 p ..... I:OO p.m.-I()'01.I 've illways ..... ilnlcd 10 gel intoshupc. now i~ your opportunity tO~L1n! 
Come 10 ATSTOP for your absolulely FREE. FREE, FREE lilnen rvaluauoo! Milke 3n appoint· 
menial Sukknl Health or call Sl4-1824. Student He3.hh Scrvicc. lst Iloor. 

1;00 p.m.-Top 3 thina' about II l.ii ... phraJm: 1. Yourroomnl;ltc::uK! her boyfnencl "'"00'1 U1tC ail 
of yours up. 2. The spennicidc ~ou used with it kills the AIDS virus. ) . h:~ aerodynamic. Come 
to a Sinh Coouollnform:ltion Session 10 leam aboul ocher methods. Student Hca.hh SCNices. 2nd 
noor. 

THURSDAY. MA Y 31 
1:00 p.m.-Done with midterms? Now's lhe limc 10 wke can: of alllhoK lhmas you· ... e been 
pUllin, orr 001 you know you need. SlaTt:&t" Well Wonl:an Se~!tioo ! We 'lI discus$ P'lP )nllC:U'S. 
mineral reaulatioo. and infectIOn pt'evenlloo. Studcnt Health Serviccs, 2nd noor. 

1:00 p.m..-FtTSTOP is the one stop (Of your filncssev::.lu:lUoo . It i lorally FREE. soc' nlOn, you 
can do it! Come by Student Hcalth or call S34-1824. C' mono do h KXb~ ! 

MlSCELLANEOUS 

WEDNESDAY, MAY 30 

11: .... 3:" p.M.-Public Service Expo: The OQSSIOOtS Communkation course is COIl;lbontlinC 
wilh variou, publk service organiutions to displ:ay how studenl$ eM use lheir lalenlS 10 assisl 
grassroots/public service projects :lnd :w:ti ... ilies. Price eenler Plaza. 

THURSDAY, MAY 3t THROUG H SATURDAY. JUNE 23 

10:t0 ...... S: .. p. ..... T_ys-frldays, le:tO ...... 2:00p.m.onSa.urdays-AIiUniveni.y 
of California PhoIDp'a,hy presents an exhibition juried by Arthur OtIrnan :u the Cr.lftsCentcf at lhe 
GnM: Gallery. 



14 The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, May 29, 1990 

A • 5 • UCSDBULLETIN 
-Paid Advertisement-

~A.S. PARKING FORUM 
WEDNESDAY. MAY 30th 

6:00 PM in PH 108 
Infonnatlon about Parking & Transportastlon Alter-

natives for next year. How much will fees be and 
what to do if you don't want to pay them. Presented 

by the A.S. Parking Committee. 

ASUCSD External Affairs Presents 

InforYIlation Table 

u PJ'OIftJDIIliDC PreMDta 
MUSIC TO RAISE THE DEAD 

FEATURING: 
NIGHT SOIL HAN HELECOPTER 

DOODLE LOOM TOOLS , SPECIAL GUESTS 
SATURDAY, JUNE 2nd @8PM 

@ THE TRITON PUB 
IT'S ALL FREE!!! 

AS PROGRAMMING 
.................................. , ........ . 

A,~, FILM SERIES PRESENTS 

A DRY WHITE 
SEASON 

THVRSDAY,J1./NETrH ~ PCTllaiIn 
2 ...... ~ ':30 A9:t1 ONL Y SUO!!! dx ....... 11. tile .. ole. 

as programming presents 

TGIF 
JUNE 1ST 
Steve Salas' Colorcede 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
, . , 

: tglO on Jllne 8th : 
~ , 

• •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

.. e.e. .. 

.1 f 

UVI JIZZ! 

-100" 

Grove Ca£fe 

now b_ luacll 
8Dd diaDa' 1tea181 

C~.l ~ 

Tuesday, May 29, 1990 

ALCOHOL: 
Solutions 
Discussed 
Continued from page 1 

Pioneer Days, a Chico State 
festival that Wilson termed "a 70-
year trad i tion celebrating the worst 
of racism and sexism," has been 
cancelled due to the fiasco it had 
become, he said. 

Referring to Spring Break in 
Palm Springs and Cal Poly's Poly 
Royal event, Wilson said that 
annual college celeb[ll~ons which 
fell into disorder tlitis year are "the 
last dying spasm of a tradition." 

For local universities, a unique 
problem arises because of the close 
vicinity of Baja California, where 
alcohol and drugs are easily acces-
sible to college students. More-
over, lack of knowledge of the 
Mexican culture and laws by visit-
ing students creates international 
tension. 

Fabio Martinez, advisor to the 
governor of Baja California Norte, 
echoed the sentiments of several 
of the Mexican officials present 
when he rejected the attitude that 

The UCSD Guardian 

WARRIN 5 T U DIN T 5: 

IT'S NOT 
TOO LATE! 

I T'S NOT TOO LATE TO GET INVOLVED. 
PICK UP AN APPLICATION FOR THE WARREN 

COLLEGE STUDENT COUNCIL AND VARIOUS 

CAMPUS-WIDE COMMmEES AT THE WARREN 

PROVOST OFFICE OR WARREN COMMONS. 

APPLICATIONS DUE: 
TOMORROW, WEDNESDAY, MAY 30 

NEWS IS 

Math, Computer Science or 
Physics Graduates 

LlBRASCOPE has job openings for bright, energetic 
people interested in working in the areas of 
Software System Design. Programming and 
Algorithm Development. 
Librascope is a leader in Anti-Submarine warfare 
algorithm development and offers a "small company" 
work environment with competitive salaries, benefits 
and flexible hours. Personal excellence is empha-
sized and employees are encouraged to work on a 
variety of projects from initial design to final testing 
and checkout. 

Come team with the best! 
Send resumes to: Librascope 

3065 Rosecrans Place. Suite 201 
San Diego, CA 92110 
ATTN: Lori Gadler 

Librascope 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

"anything goes in Mexico." L-__________________ _ 

"The things that are not only 
prohibited but culturally offensive 
are the same in both countries," 
emphasized Katherine Peterson, 
U.S. consulate in Tijuana. 

Martinez concluded that a 
common solution to the problem 
of alcohol and substance abuse 
among college students can only 
be reached through a willingness 
on the part of service groups, co un-
tries and individuals to work to-

$41'* 
SlUDlNrMMII 1'CUIIS 

"One-Week leni~ & 
~ I«"d only. 

""other U.S.S.R. ird E!lstem 
ElXCJpe tOllS iMIilabie. 

Gln:i11ba1ld 
UCSD PrkII CcnIcr 

nat eo .. POll 0IIIca 

451-0630 

K you have RECENTLY hill 
any Infec1ious or Sexualy 
Transmitted Diseases, you 
may ~ 10 EARN CASH 

and h~ us help others. 
FOR FREE TEsw.G & MORE 

INFOAMATlON CALl 

Now, More affordable than ever. 
University Bookstore Computer Center 
Apple Days Sale May 1-31, 1990 

$3407 
A 2 % discount will be 

given for cash purchases. 

Monitors 
Monoc:brolDe $270 

Color $678 

Printers 
...... Wrtlerllsc$l83S· 
...... WrlIerUNT$30SS·· 

~ 40Mb bard drive-

$2178 

Milt lid wltb 40Mb Mrd drive" 

$4427 ., ,. 

Two-,. $1121 Portrait $750 

Keyboards 
Apple alalded lleybMrd $158 

For additional information call S34-4291. 
Prices elfective May 1·31 only. Pleuerefer lOelicibilily teqUimnenIa. 



16 CLASSIFIED The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Classified advertising Is sold In 15-
word increments. The rate per 15 words 
Is $1 for students (personal use only), 
$3 for faculty, staff, and organizations, 
and $4 for others. Payment in advance 
Is required; therefore, ads must be 
mailed with a check (made payable \0 
The UCSD Guardian) or presented in 
person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday 
for Monday's paper and 3 p.m. Monday 
for Thursday'S paper. The Guardian 
reserves the right to refuse any 
advertising Including but not limited to 
companionship ads. For more 
Information call 534-5416. The 
Guardian, UCSD, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDt Jewish 
Campus Centers prOVides warmth, edUcation. 
prayer, socialIZing. Connect with Union of Jewish 
Studentsl502 Matthews; east olthe Price Center. 
Call Rabbr Slotnick, 534·2521 . (412-617) 

Scholarships/Grant. lor coRage area avaitable. 
Millions go unclaimed yea~y . Call 1·8()()'334-
3881 . (4/12'617) 

Writing helpl Prolesslonal. private. meet your 
deadlIne , your convenience, money back 
guarantee. Jim 481·1810. (4112·617) 

Grad-Nite Party at Vic's 7825 Fay Ave 
Champagne + DnnkspecialsS3/grads, 55-other 
9·2a.m. Deejay. (529-5/31) 

DISSERTATtON COMPLETION 
WORKSHOPS. Individual and group sessions. 
For information call the Postgraduate Group 
692-0966. (5121-6n) 

Hers's the hook. Humanities Workshops WIll 
help you. Brainstorming, organization. 
collabcration. Interpreting TA comments. Free 
coHee too Come to USB 402OA. Wednesdays, 
6·8 p.m. or call 534-2284 lor more Information. 
(5121-614) 

ApplicatiOns are now available lor Third Collage 
Judicial board. Apply in the Dean's Office by 
Thursday, May 31st. (5124·5131) 

------

Applications lor Third Junior Senator are in the 
Dean's Office. Appty by June 7th. (s/24-6I7) 

RAFT THE RIVERS OF THE WESTII Cataract 
Canyon 01 the Colorado. the Yampa, Grean. Go 
with Hatch who was the first 10 run the Middle 
For!< 01 the Salmon in 19361 Good rates . 800/ 
342-8243. (5!29-6n) 

The Academic Internship Program IS looking for 
a lew good students. . . we have excellent 
positions stilt available for the summer in 
business, computer science, and even at a 
newspaper in Oregon. II you have at least a 2.5 
GPA and have completed a minimum of 90 units 
wilh some upper·division coursework in your 
major. come rn and sea us at 406 MMC. (5!29-
f>l31 ) 

TOEFL troubfe? Get that 550+. Join a small 
group 01 sludents like you & two great teachers. 
Intensive program. Satislaction guaranteed. Call 
IABC: 558·1644. Also expen pnvate tutoring. 
(5129-614) 

Here's the hook: Humanities Workshops will 
help you . Brainstorming , organization , 
collaboralion, interpreting T.A. comments. Free 
coffee, too. Cometo USB4020A, WedneSdays, 
6-8 p.m" or call 534-2264 lor more Information. 
(5129) 

Internationat Affairs Group- Discuss the current 
and historical developments in Iran with Dr. 
Katouzian Wed. 8 p.m. at Pepper Canyon Lodge 
534-2261 . (5129) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari Electrologist , 1200·1500 hairs per 
hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student discounts. 
(619) 558-4644. (619) 226-1962. (4/3C>-617) 

PAPERSTYPEDI Ouick & allordablel $2!typed 
double-spaced page. Call W Colony Resumes 
& Prolessionat Typing Services, 455-8357. One-
day service available. Laser Printing! Choice 01 
35typastylesl (4/2 -617) 

Rent-a·brain 24-hr. writing tutor: outstandingA· 
.tudent UC grad save this numberl Make 
deadtines Jim 481 -1810. (4/12-617) 

TYPING -theses. term. Ph.Os. Legal. Alilarmats. 
RUSH JOBS. MARIE 931-9596 (4112-617) 

Surllng - tinally do it. lun, safe, 20 years 
expenenced lileguard. water salety instructor 
481-1810. (4ft 2-6/1) 

WORD PROCESSING, term papers , 
experienced dissertations. 7 days a week, 4.0 
English Skills, relerences 755-2883. (4126-
617) 

WORD PROCESStNG • Student papers and 
resumes. Laser printing. Fast and reasonable . 
Call I nputlOutput. 535-3010. (4/30-617) 

Word Processing - any size. pick up & delivery. 
Fast turnaround - Call Sandy 755-431 6. (413C>-
617) 

Mactntosh Repair - upgrades: Component 
level repa~. FREE estimates. Weekend Service. 
(Mac 128/5121Plus Power $89). Memory 
upgrades ALL Macs (Mac 1281512 to Plus 
starts @ $210). Plck·up/Delivery. 456-5916. 
Compulix. (513-617) 

TYPINGIII'1i type yourterm papers etc. quickly 
and Inexpensively. Laser p,inter. Call Jenniler: 
558-6090. (5I3·S/31) 

ALLERGIES? Asthma, hay le ver, 
atopicdermititls? Free physlcian's exam and 
medication for very long term relief. New. sale. 
FDA approved test. Small compensation. Short 
test. Phona 277-2740. (S/1C>-5129) 

Want a job? We make your resume so great 
they can1 resist hrring you. Call 278-8416. 
(5114·5131) 

In'll". Valid Weekends ONLY! 

I 
I 
I 
I , 
I 

"" I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Buy one Medium or Large frozen 
yogurt, and get one of equal or 

lesser value for FREE 
OR 

$.so off a Rot Snieken Sundae 
OR 

$.50 off any Milkshake 
011 ... "a1l4 Saturcle,. ... Suada,. OmT! Ma,. IS, 
1990 thru .ruae :to, 1990. Not "aU4 with aa,. 
.th ... on.... PI.... p ..... at eou.... ... ..... 
.rd.nac. _ .. upoa .... C1Ut>D ..... 

L _____________________ J 'I 

Typing/Word Processing: Academic 
manuscripts. papers. theses, lottors, resumes. 
Fast SeMCO. Mary Ann 452-9439. (S/17-
5131) 

DYNAMIC BEll YDANCING DUOI available 
for special events: call Jaydeeha and Thea 
558·0938. (s/17-6n) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal Copy. 
Only $5.95. While you wait. Xeroxes and more. 
Near St. Germains. 452-9949. (5121-6/7) 

Pro,. .. lonat Resume Wrhlng Servtees. Well 
write and design your resume. For Jew ratas call 
481-1037. (5129-5131) 

FLUTE LESSONS, Pnvate. Ail ages. Beginners, 
Intermediate. Reasonable. Call 558·0842. 
(5129) 

A TTENTION PROFESSORS, GRAD 
STUDENTS: Top-notch Research & Editing. 
Have Mac and experience. Reasonable. Call 
558·0842. (5129) 

IMPROVE YOUR GRADES! Gain more control 
during exams. Increase study habits, enhance 
memory. concentration, creativity. and energy 
while being stress Iree. Calt Ma~a Brucker, 
Certified Clinical Hypnotherapist. 587-0422. It 
worksl (5129-614) 

Word Processing Services. Prolessional quality, 
reasonabfe rates. Call 566-9096.(5129-6/7) 

WANTED 
Eam $75.00. Subjects wanted for a study on 
the ellect" 01 alcohol. II you are a UCSD student 
or non-academic stdff, American born male of 
ent irety Japanese. Chinese. or Korean descent. 
call Scripps Clinic and Research Foundation 
lor more inlonmation, 554·2192. (4/2-617) 

UNHAPPY? FREE research studies evaluating 
medications are availabfe to people suffering 
from depression. Symptoms include sadness j 
latigue, gulU, loss 01 interest In daily acllv~ies , 
and difficulties sleeping. eating, and 
concentrating. Suitable volunteers receive tree 
medications, lab tests, physicals and psychiatric 
evaluation. 18 or older. Free studies also 
avaitablf! tor panic. Call The Feighner Research 
Insmute at 464·4300 Monday - Friday 10 a.m. 
- 4 p.m.(4126·6I7) 

Housecleansrs. window washers, $7-$14Ihr. 
8-25 hour week, nex, punctual, professionat, 
reliable car. must have some experience, must 
war!< th,ough summer, good references. 259-
873i/ M-F 12p.m-5p.m. leave message. (4/26-
617) 

We are looking for models interested In Iree 
haircuts and consultations. Please call 488-
8700. (413C>-5I31) 

Brof<en IrIactnloah equipment wanted for CE 
student. Willing 10 negotiale a trade. Call 535-
0930. (513-617) 

SUMMER WORK $9.85to start. National Retail 
chain filling 19 openings in San Diego county. 
No experience required. Scholarshipsavailable. 
No door to door or phone sales involved. Must 
apply now, may slart aller linals. Call 9-5 p.m. 
Clairemont 483-4055, Encinitas 436-8634. 
(517-617) 

Earn $500 - $2000 pan-time, per monthl Work 
your own hoursl Need energetic peoplel phone 
224-8529. (S/14-6n) 

Peer counsator to work 1 112 pius years in on· 
campus Recovetlng Irom Ealing Disorders 
program. Need women who have had previous 
experience recovering it urn an eating disorder, 
Contact: Beve~y Harju 534-2237. (5121·5129) 

SUMMER JOBS TO SAVE ENVIRONMENT -
EARN $2500-$3500. National campaign 
positions 10 pass Clean Air Act , stop toxic 
pollution, tighten pesticide controls & promote 
comprehensive recycling . Available in 18 states 
& D.C. Intvws on campus 5130 & S/31. Call Kate 
tolt-Iree at '-8()().75-EARTH. (S/17·6I7) 

MAKE EVERY DAY EARTH DAY. Summer 
campaigns for the environment. Earn $2500-
$3500. Help pass the Clean Air Act , tighten 
pesticlde controls, promote comprehensive 
recycting. Work available 18 states. Kate 800/ 
75·EARTH. (5117'617) 

Exciting upbeat new company Is looking for a 
lew sell motivating people to make money by 
helping people save money. Eam what you 
think you are worth and work when & where you 
wish. For an appt. please call 759· 7380. (5121-
5131) 

WANTED: Infant care In my Del Mar home. 
Wed & Sat., own car. Start 6/23. 755·6172. 
(5121-712) 

Outside, on the beach, lood service positions. 
Part timellull time. Resor! Activities Co. Gall 
454·7302. (5121·5131) 

Tour Sales Coordinator - pan-time In the travel 
business. Earn, learn. travel. Call Ellen at 
1-8OO-ggg. 7567. (5!29-5131) 

ATTENDANT WANTED by young prolessional 
disabled woman. Beginning July or August. T-
Th 6a.m. - Noon; Sun 7:30 a.m. - 3:30 p.m. 
Reliable , etfident, own car. Personal car (no 
exp OK), shopping, housework. driving. $7I1lr . 
LEE 298·1745. (5129-617) 

Eam up 10 $1 00 hou~y in any U.S. cityl Set your 
own schedule. Scott 459-4'85. (5129) 

TUTORS WANTED . Looking lor UCSD 
undergrads. who woutd teach High School Eng. 
or Math lor SAT preparation. Call MA. ROH 
696-7365 10a.m.-6p.m. (5129-5131) 

PT Delivery people needed lor downtown and! 
or Golden Triangle Magazines. Flexible hours, 
4·6 dayS per month. Must be reliable and have 
own car. $6Ihr + par1<ing. Call Yvonne, 233-
4060. (5129) 

Babysitter .-cI In our homo lor 2 small 
children on T lHIS. & Thurs. Noon to 8 p.m. $3.75 
per hour. Experience & own transportation a 
must. Call 748-4227. (5129-614) 

Wanted- live-Inchildcare. Free 'oom and board 
+ Dat Mar, 4 children, 8-14 years. 755-6950 
after 6:00 (5129) 

Marketing representative for Fortune SOO 
companies, par1lfull time aarn $1000 to $5000 
month. 272-2776, 436·2305. (5!29-616) 

EARN $1001 Healthy right handed caucasian 
males, 18-30~forastudyoftheeyeblink 
reflex . Call 543-2496. (S/29) 

NER TAMID, a conservative synagogue in 
Rancho Bernardo needs teachers for its 
allernoon and Sunday religious school. Send 
resume 1698' Via Tazon, Suite G, San Diego 
92127. ATTN: Ina Levin. (5/29) 

ATTENTION: EASY WORK , EXCELLENT 
PAY I Assemble products al home. Detaits (1) 
602·838-8885 Ext. W-18113. (5!29-617) 

ATTENTION - EARN MONEY TYPING AT 
HOMEI32,000lyr. income potential. Details (1) 
602·838-8885 Ex1. T-18113. (5129·6n) 

ATTENTION - POSTAL JOBSI Stan $tl.411 
houri For application inlo call (1) 502·838-8885 
Ext. M·18113, 6 a.m. - 10 p.m .. 7 days. (5129-
5131) 

.. 

"oup AND SALAD BAR RFC;TAlJRAN ro;; 

NOW WE DELIVER! 
UCSD PARTIES 
LUNCHEONS 
MEETINGS 

CALL US! 
551·0100/ FAX 551·0180 

UCSD'S Original SOUp Exchange 
Downtown La Jolla, 7717 Fay Ave_ wants you back! 

H .... • ......... In y •• wan" fin" al •• wh.ra ••• 

Come to downtown La Jolla, show 150/. OFF 
your student !.D. and weill give you 70 

Not v.lid on delivc.",,> hpltl'S 6/30/90 

Tuesday, May 29, 1990 

Looking lor a Iraternity, so,ority, or student 
organization that would like 10 make $500 . 
$1000 for one week on·campus marketing 
project. Must bo organized and hardworl<ing. 
Elizabeth K. or Joanine at (800) 592-2121. 
(s/29) 

FOR SALE 
A futon & frame unused $95.00 Can deliver. 
288-0614 (413C>-S/31) 

Aldus free hand V.2.0 lor Macintosh. Never 
opened. Cost $375, sell S300/0.b.o. Michelle 
535-8230. (5/14-5129) 

Bridgestone Desert Dueter TIres (4) 33x12 
5R15L T:$100.00;WhiteCanvas Top lor Suzuki 
Samurai w/ frame (used 1 week) $75.00; 
Samurai Bra (Black/Red) $50.00; Samural 
Visors & rearview mirror $25.00. 543-3725 
(5129-5131 ) 

Waterbadframe, mirrored headboard. padding, 
12 drawers, excellent condition, $1 00.00 Indyra 
TueslThurs 10-3 p.m. 534·0829. (5117-617) 

2 Fosgate 8' Subwoolers $100. 86 Yamaha 
Riva 50 Scooter, $400. Call Don 729-625t. 
(s/21-5/29) 

Sofa (ioids out to sleep 2). Make offer. 755· 
5856. Anytime. (5129)) 

Sharp PC 4502 Laptop compuler, IBM 
compatible , 640K, 2110ppy drives, serial, 1200 
baud Internal modem, SupenwiSl LCD screen. 
Panasonic 1180; NLO printer. lots 01 sohwa,e. 
$1300 o.b.o. Malt 558-2197. (5124-5129) 

FOR SALE: Macintosh Plus Computer In 
excellent condilion $600 o .b.o.; Imagewriler II 
printer like new wilh 112 box of paper $400 
o.b.o. ; Pay only $900 lor both. Call Evan 457-
4037. (5124-5131) 

Need Transportation? '81 Chevette In good 
condition for only $900.558-8937. (5/24-S/29) 

Beautiful handmade acoustic guitar - $175. 
Comes with case. perlect for beginning 
students. Typewriter with endless tunction 
(Sharp 3200) $150. Call 453-1525 lor more 
inlormation. Leave message on machlnel 
(s/24-5131 ) 

Honda Elite 5cooIer 125cc Excellent condition. 
Calt 456-9882. Asf< lor John or leave message. 
(5124-5129) 

A MOVING SALE. Sunset Surtboard, POU(J8Ot 
1C>-speed, Schwinn Beach Cruiser, K219Ocm. 
skils with Solomon bindings. lang skJ boots, 
dresser. GOOD PRICES - everything musI got 
Call Kenia 558-0652. (5124·S/29) 

FOR SALE : 2 100-wall amps, 3-way 
crossovers, and Kicker Box. Over $1 000 value. 
S600 o.b.o. John @ 558-3780. (s/24·8/6) 

Wetsu", fullleng1h Body Glove, M·MS, Black & 
grey smothle - barely used I $70. Call James 
259'()784. (5124-5131) 

1986 Honda Interceptor 500. Loof<sgood, runs! 
pe~orms excellent. 21 K miles, 45 mpg. plus all 
the ex1ras you need. Great for summer riding. 
$2K o.b.o. Chris 481 -2885. (s/24·5129) 

Columbian Boa . great colors. cage Inctuded. 
Musl sell, make alter. Chris 481 -2885. (s/24-
5129) 

Software fa, Macintosh: Aldus Freehand V.2.0 
Never opened. Cost $375, sell $295/o.b.o. 
535-8230. (5/29-6/4) 

For sale: IBM compuler, XT competible , 20 
megabyte hard diSk Includes Word Perlect and 
Citizen matrix printer and Wood, light weight 
compuler stand. $1 ,000.00 Call 587·8741 . 
(S/29-5131 ) 

Eugene, EUGENE, Eugene. Eugene, Oregon 
$100 one-way airplane ticket , July 10 Sandy 
587-1213. (5129·6/4) 

UDIA 
Offers 

Students 
15% off 

Cuts 
by Jennifer 

7535 Girard 
La JoJla, CA 92037 

619/454-9651 

Tuesday, May 29, 1990 

1966 Honda Aero 50 scooter. Low miles, Xlent 
condo $500 o.b.o. Kasey 453-8075. (5129·5131) 

Bessell Surtboard 6'9', great condition, taw dings. 
$180 o.b.o. Mark 556-4798. (5129·617) 

Chevy Cavalier , 1985 Automatic, air condition, 
clean Inlerior, new tires , new battery, good 
cond"ion, runs greall Leaving lhe oountry, must 
selll $2800. Katja : 535-1967. (5/29) 

Waterbed supersingle modern oak newl 
Sheepskin thermal apt. nol allowed, sacrifice 
$40.00 o.b.o. 546·0723 . (5129) 

Toyota Celica 78, AC, PS, New clutch, exc. 
condo runs great. $l500ibest. 278·3504. (5129-
5131) 

Macintosh 45 MB hard disk, brand new, stili in 
box, $300.00 o.b.o. 458-9783. (5129-5131) 

Daybed Including mattress onty $50. Great deal 
- must see. Call 457-7673 . (5129-5131) 

Honda Elile 80 scooter: 1986 In great condition. 
kept In garage, red, comes with basket and 
helmet. $575 o.b.o. Call Reuben at 453-8075 
(5129·513 1) 

For sale: Twin size bed for $50 and almost new 
large black and white drahlng table with stool 
and swinging arm tamp lor $40. Call Betty 53C>-
0466. (5!29-5I31) 

'86 Jeep C·J7 lor sate. Automatic, 6 cylinder, 
power brakes, $6500 Call 481 -3436. (5129) 

One Way United ticket from SO 10 Wash DC 
ctepans 6117 $200 - o.b.o. Emily 452-9428. 
(5129·617) 

Terminal and 1200 external modem. All cables 
and documentations. $125. 535·0663 or 534-
2088. (5129) 

1980 Dodge Halchback 4-spaed or '76 Buick V6. 
Look good and run well. $850 each. 225-0847. 
(5I29-5I3t) 

LIT MAJORS I Amstrad Word Processor/PC. 
Great condition. Monitor, keyboard, printer, discs, 
books and even paper. $350.00 283-9646 after 
6 p.m. Perlect for lit majors, graduate students. 
(5129) 

A TTENTtON -GOVERNMENT HOMES lrom $1 
(U-repalr). Delinquent tax property . 
Repossessions. Call 1-602-838-8885 Ex1. GH-
18113. (5129-617) 

ATTENTION - GOVERNMENT SEIZED 
VEHtCLES Irom $100. Fords, Mercedes , 
Corvettes, Chevys. Surplus Buyers Guide. 1-
602-B38-8885 Ext. A-18113. (5129) 

HOUSING 
3 bdrm condo, 2 single, 1 MasterBdrm to shara, 
2 bath, pool, jacuzzi , security, washer/dryer, 
dishwasher, slngfe 350/mo. 11. utilities, 1st last. 
Double 300/mo, 114 utilities, 114 utilities, 1 st and 
Las!. Call Mike 450-1910. (s/1C>-5129) 

Oceanfront condol 2 bedroom 2 bath, Jacuzzi, 
sleepS 3-4, $1200.00 483-9516, Leave message, 
Mad. (5117-6/7) 

$2OO/mo. summer sublet. Room in 2 br appt. 5 
mlns.lrom campus. 452·3788. (5117-614) 

Room In house across street from UCSD I 6115-
9115. Large place, $380 + 1 /6 utiilies (negotiable) 
452-2222. (5121-5129) 

HOT girts desperalefy seeking 2-3 COOL 
roommates for WARM summer on La Jola 
Scenic. Great house wijhln crawling distance of 
school . PootIIennisispa Included. We .. beal any 
price. - Dial now and """ for Caria 546-1658, 
DeeIda 558-3613. (5124 5131) 

Looking for ptIfSOn(s) w/ admQble lIfes1yte to 
share beautllul home In La Jotta. Please call 
597'()25O. (5124-6/1) 

Uve '- than 100 yaldl from the beachl Male 
wanted to share room In Oef M.from 6117- 7120 
$250 + utili1lea. Call 792-981 7 """ for TIm . (512.-
5129) 

FOR RENT: 4501 Paviov2I1ory.bd. 21/2 bath 
house with pool, jacuzzi. Close to UCSD, 
Transportation and malls S22OO1monlh. Call 
MonIke. (819) 551-9203. (5124-5129) 

For renl Cambridge TownhouH \ bel 1 1/2 bath 
Ion wnirepl8Ce. 2 private patios, garage, pool, 
jacuzzI. Walk to UCSD and MalIa. 8501month 
(619) 551 -9203. Aalc for Monike. (512.-5129) 

Roommate wanted for clean 3 lI10ry to_house 
across from UTC. Hall pool , jacuzzi, w .. her, 
dryer, fully equipped kitchen. lingle room for 
S3301month or sha'" master bedroom lor $2801 
month. Avail . end of finals tHI Sept. Nonsmokers 
please. Call 453-5138 Usa or leave message. 
(5124·5131) 
Roommatels needed: Available 1/1-9/1 large 
master bedroom w/own bath. Next to UTC. 
Furnlshedl $275 double or $450 single. Great 
roommatest Call nowl 452-8537. (5124 614) 

2 rooms availabte In 4 br h6use starting June 17. 
$300/mo. Call 565-8536. (5124·617) 

Del Mar: Masterbedroorn with bathroom tortwo, 
fully furnished, washer, dryer, TV, VCR. close 10 
boach and shopping centre. Beautiful lake 
surroundings. Available June IS. $250/person 
Cell 259-9121 . (5129-712) 

Great t br house/cottage in La Jolla lor summer 
sublet. Available 6It7-911 . Nice vard , galage, 
quiet neighborhood. B50/monlh + small deposit. 
Call JoniCathy 454-7t65. (5129·5131) 

Female roommate wanted. Own room. Available 
6/20-9/15. Non·smoker, near UTC. $350. Call 
Usa 587-6614. (5129-5131) 

Summertental 3bdrm, 2ba. Balboa Park home 
In lush canyon neartenniicouns. June 21 - Aug 
3. $1200. One month $1000. Damage deposit. 
291-9425. (5129·5131) 

Roommatais needed : Avaltable 6114-9/1. Own 
room and balh at La Jolla Point Apts. near UTC. 
$417,50 slngte + 112 utrli1les or $267.50 double 
• 113 utilities each. Michelle 535-8230. (S/29-
S/31) 

Don1 wait until lalll MaSler with own bath, 
furnished, in Mira Mesa. New CQmple. of Mira 
Mesa Blvd with pool and f~ness center. Available 
September 1 sl. $450 lor one or $275 to share, 
plus utilities. Females only, no smof<ers. plaase. 
Leave message for Michelle. 587-1037. (5129-
5131) 

Scripps Ranch summer sublet. Own room and 
bath, pool, washer, dryer. $300. Call Burak 271-
5152. (5129-5131) 

Two lemales wanted to share large mast ... 
bedroom In furnished condo (not room). Own 
bath. washer/dryer. pool. $250 plus 1/4 utifities 
each. Karen 558-1471 no smokers ptease. 
(5129-617) 

Clalremont. Room In 3 bedroom, 2 balh house 
nearClalremont Square. Laundry. $31 OImo. 2m. 
9515. (5129·614) 

Summer sublet· own room In PB house. Walk to 
bay. S29S/mo. Avail 6110 483-9158. (5129-6/.) 

The UCSD Guardian 

2 rooms avallable lor summer, possible on going 
In the lall . 1 master bd room w/own bath rm . lor 
$295. Could be shered. 1 single for $275. PI~. 
security deposit, elec, and phone. 20 min away 
from UCSD. Must have good credit. For mar. 
inlo cal Ron 565·2918 (5129-617) 

2 brcondos starting at $125,000 near UCSD + 2 
brl2ba condo Pacillc Beach. $169,000. Oon 
457-2730 (5129) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST: HP 15C calculator. Last seen In AP&M 
1882 on 519/90. Reward given. Call 453-2790. 
(5124-5129) 

PERSONALS 
Seiling assorted COs: New Age, Classical , Rocl<l 
$10 each. Great buy. Call Gerald 558-7228. 
(5.'21-5131) 

Get Involved at Third College. Apply lor Judicial 
Board. Applications are available in the Dean's 
office. DeadlIne Is Thursday, May 31st. (512~ -
5131) 

Third College Meda a new Junior Sen3\or. Get 
involved and apply. Applications are available in 
the Dean's office. Deadline Is June 7th. (5124-
617) 

Congratulations to UCSD's sororities and 
Iraternilies in making Greek Week 1990, 
SU(X;essful. Love, Tri Defta. (5129) 

THIS Is your last chance 10 take advantage 01 the 
belt deal on campusl Come to the LAST 
commuter breakfast at Warren's Provost Bldg. 
TlHISday May 29, B a.m. - to:15 a.m. only 50 
ce,115. (5129) 

HAPPY 20TH BIRTHDAY JENIFER, (Jen, Jenl. 
Bop, Boppo, Nilfer, etc.) RtGELHAUPTl1i We 
love you, Momt Your kids forever, Armadillo, 
Prune, Beast and Bug. (5129) 

Jostons Rep at Bookstore nox1 week, Monday -
Frldaylrom 10:00·3:00p.m. YourUCSDringon 
sale. (S/29-5I31) 

Robin - the KARMA slate IS clean .•• for thiS 
yearl RYBO - Giddy upt Noid and Wend. (s/29) 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

Hey Big Bob-Is the enact 01 way too much stress 
apparent yet? I am in agreemenl wilh lhis. The 
cure 10 alleviale Ihls problem Is the trealment 
lrom one very large sun at the beach. That way 
waves can drown Carrie again. (5129) 

UCSD Vicious Novice Coach - Thanks lor 
showing us that the race doesn't always go to 
the stronger or faster man. but to the one that 
says -I canM • We jusl did it. Your vicious crow.(51 
29) 
Words from three wise men· 
"To be rs to do.'- Socrates 
"To do i~ to be.' - Jean Paul Sartre 
-Do be do be do. - - Frank Sinatra 

IS GRADUATE RESEARCH ABROAD 
IN YOUR FUTURE??? 
Fulbri~ht International Research Program 

applicatlOns are now available for the 1991-92 
academic year! 

Find out what it takes to be a Fulbright Scholar! 

APPUCATION INFORMAnON MEETING 
Wednesday, May 30, 3:~:30 p.m. 

Gallery "A", Price Center 
(above the theatre) 

Call x43556 for more detail • . 
Sponsored by the Office of Graduate Studies and ~search 

ZINITN 
data systems 

Groupe Bull 

Ride Away a Winner 
At The Zenith Data Systems 
Technology Showcase! 

Come See The World's #1 PC Compatibles 
And We'll Show You More Than One Way 
To Own A FREE Raleigh AII·Terrain Bike! 

When: 
Where: 
Time: 

Friday, June 1st, 1990 
In Front Of Bookstore 

10:00 am • 3:00 p~ 

FREE FANNY PACKS TO 
THE FIRST 50 VISITORSI 

Computer Center 534·4291 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, May 29,1990 

Sports 
TRACK AND FIELD NCAA DIVISION III NATIONA CHAMPIONSHIPS 

Women Third; Sargeant Wins Hammer 
Women's 44 Points 
Good Enough for 
Highest Finish Ever 
ByPETERKO 
Associate Sports Editor 

Times have changed. The UCSD women's track team 
is no longer j ust the Shannon Quigley show. 

Last year, Quigley dominated the national champion-
ships, winning titles in both the discus and the shot, and 
collecting 20 of the team 's 31 points. But this year, 
despite improving on her marks in both events, Quigley 
did not repeat. 

No matter. The Tritons as a team improved from last 
year's fourth place to third with 44 points, their highest 
finish ever. And they did it without the benefit of any first-
place finishes. 

Riding a team-record \0 qualifiers to the national 
championships in Naperville, 1L, UCSD relied on the 
strength of the squad 's overall depth to fini sh behind the 
winner, Wisconsin-Oshkosh, which had 75 points, and 
runner-up Cortland State (NY) (48 points). 

Despite not winn ing any events outright, the Tritons 
would not have been close if it wasn ' t for Quigley 'S 
~nd-place finishes in both the discus and the shot. Her 
throw of 156'8" in the discus was exactly 10 feet further 
than last season ' s throw at nationals, but it was not quite 
good enough to beat Kristin Kuehl of Concordia College 
(MN), who won with a heave of 159'0". 

Sargeant's First 
Title Can't Save 
Men from 28th 
By PHIL GRUEN 
Senior Staff Writer 

It's always difficult to hold one individ-
ual accountable for the entire team's per-
formance, but in Scott Sargeant's case, it's 
hard not to. 

Last year, the Triton sophomore placed 
fourth in the hammer event at the NCAA 
Division ill Track and Field Nationals, good 
enough for five points towards the team 
total. The Tritons wound up with five points. 

On Saturday at Naperville, IL, Sargeant 
turned it up a notch and blew open the field 
with a 193 '6" throw for his firsttitle, 14 feet 
beyond second place finisher John Paul 
Smith of MIT. Sargeant earned to points 
for his winning effort, once again account-
ing for all 10 of the men's tearn's points. 

The team finished in 28th place among 
90 competitors, 65 of which scored points. 

Lincoln College (lL) won the title with 
49 points, four ahead of second-place Wis-
consin-Oshkosh. 

Teammates Rachel Beerman and Shelley Squibb fin-
ished fifth and seventh, respectively. 

Quigley also improved in the shot by seven inches, 
See W. TRACK, page 19 

Guardian me PIIoIo 
UCSD sophomore Scott Sargeant made up for a disappointing 
discus showing by winning his first national title: the hammer. 

Triton DavidMeyers, whowasexpectec\ 
to contend in the 800m, was edged out by a 
blistering field of runners in the. qualifying 
round. Merrill Hora placed 10th in the 
5,OOOm, while Paul Cogbill and Sargeant 
did not qualify in the discus. 

Golf Bounces Up and Down, 
Finishes Tourney in 10th 
UCSD Jumps from 15th to 10th Place on Final Day; Knee Has 
Final Round 3-under par 69, Reinhardt Top UCSD Finisher at 22nd 
By PETERKO 
Associate Sports Editor 

Year one of post-CSU Stanis-
laus at the NCAA Di vision ill golf 
National Championships did not 
go as well as had been hoped for 
the UCSD golf team. 

Instead of establishing them-
selves as the heirs to the Warriors ' 
dynasty-gone Division II, the Tri-
tons had to stand back in awe and 
watch with the rest of the field as 
Methodist College (NC) tore up 
the Indian Mound Golf Course on 
Jekyll Island, GA with a blistering 
four-day total of 1,172. 

It was the first time in 10 years 
a team finished below 1,200 in the 
four-day tourney. 

Methodist also broke the 10-
year old record for a single round 
tearn total, with a third-round 285, 
three-under par on Thursday. 

CSU Stanislaus held the old 
record of 286. 

Methodist's score was so good 
that, using the team scoring system 
of taking the top four individual ' 
scores of the five competing, it 
threw out a 76. 

FINAL RESULTS 
GOlf NCAA DIVISION • NATIONAl. 

CHAMPIOHSHIPS AT JEKYLL ISLAHO. GA 

I'IW. STAIDIGS 

PIIce T .... !IcoIe 

1. MeI_ 1.172 

2.(1jo) Gu"""1 AdoIphUI 
Ohio Wesleyan 1202 

4.(tie) WI1Ienl>urg 
CSU San eomanlino 1216 

6. SkJdmolll 1226 

10. UCSO 12311 

The Tri tons' low score that day 
was 75 by junior Devin Thomas. 

The Tritons finished 63 strokes 
back in 10th place with 1,235. 
That's reall y not as bad as it sounds 
- Gustavus Adolphus and Ohio 
Wesleyan finished 30 strokes be-
hind Methodist. 

And they were in second place. 
The major UCSD highlight 

came from Bob Knee on the final 
day of the tournament. 

Knee shot a three-under par 69, 
and birdied the last four holes for 
the first sub-70 of his career. 

The round made up for a disas-
trous third-round 83, and moved 
him up into a tie for 43rd with a 

four-day total of 309. 
Senior Mike Reinhardt led the 

Tritons throughout the tournament, 
but could only manage a 79 (+7) 
on the final day, putting him in a tie 
for 22nd with 303, 14 strokes 
behind medalist Rob Pilewki of-
guess who - Methodist. 

Reinhardt's performance 
eamed him a spot as an Honorable 
Mention All-American. 

Thomas was expected to con-
tend for medalist honors after fall-
ing from second to 20th on the 
final day last year, but had trouble 
early in the tournament and was 
never really a factor afterwards. 

Hefinishedthetoumamentwith 
a six-over par 78, which pushed 
him into a tie for 37th with 307. 

Matt Stottem was pert of the 
Tritons' scoring foursome for tbe 
first lime on Friday,' shooting an 80 
(+8). 

Overall, Stottem tied for 1 15th 
with 334, 46-over par. 

The final Triton to compete was 
Bobby Meyerson . Meyerson 
struggled on the final day, record-
ing a IO-over par 82, to wind up 
tied for 79th with 318. 

GurdIu FllePIIoto 
Senior Mike Reinhardt was named an Honorable Mention AU-
American afW finishing in a tie for 22nd with a final total of 303. 

Tuesday, May 29,1990 

W.TRACK 
Continued from page 18 
with a throw of 45'9 1/4". But 
again, she was nosed out, this time 
by Wisconsin-Oshkosh's Stepha-
nieBostwick who won withamark 
of 47' 1". 

In other notable performances, 
the relay team of Yvette 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulations: 
• Send the entry on an 8 1/2" by 

11" sheet of paper along with your 
name. year in school. hometown. 
college you allend at UCSD , ma-
jor, address, and phone number to 
Sports Editor. UCSD Guardian. 
B-016, La Jolla, CA 92093. You 
can also drop it off in the sports 
editor's box at the Guardian of-
fice . located on the secondjloor of 
the OldStudentCenler, acrossfrom 
the gym. 

• All UCSD studenls, staff, and 
faculty are eligible to enter, except 
for Guardian staff members and 
employees ofBJ's ChicagoPiz;u-

• The person who comes up with 
the most correct entries, as deter-
mined by the judges, will be de-

Marzullo,Washington, Vicki 
Dunckley, and Michelle Milledge 
finished Ihird in a time of 48.47. 

Conlay set two school records, 
breaking Denise McFayden 's old 
mark in the 5,OOOm of 17:29.9, 
withatimeof 17: 14.7, and her own 
record in the I o,OOOm, finishing in 
35:30.23. 

Washington was third in the 

elared the grand prize winner and 
will be recognized when the quiz is 
printed the following week. In the 

. event of a tie, a drawing will be 
held to determine the grand prize 
winner. Those correct entries not 
selected as the grand prize winner 
will be considered runners-up. 

• Limit one entry per person,per 
week. Entriesmustbe at the Guard-
ian by 5 p.m. on Saturday. 

• The grand prize winner will 
receive two $5 gift certificatesfrom 
BJ's.Runners-upcanobtainafree 
pitcher of either Mi::helob Draft or 
soda when dining at BJ's Chicago 
Pizztrio, located in La Jolla Vil-
lage Square. A list of all winners 
will be posted at BJ's each week. 
and winners must show identifica-
tion to claim prizes. 

This week's questions: 
1. Who won the 1990 Indianapo-

lis 5001 
2. Which team won the 1990 

Stanley Cup? 
3. True or false : Jose Canseco has 

never been named the American 
LeagueMVP. 

4. Which two players have more 
stolen bases in a career than Rickey 
Henderson? 

----------------, 
READy, GET FIT, GO! 

SPRING INTO SUMMER 
f~SPECIALI 

With this coupon .. . 
one FREE Month 
with purchase of 
regular 
membership. 
4 MONTHS FOR 

THE PRICE OF 3 
• Tolal COS\. One per person. Musl enrol on filSl visil and an _0 may 
~--t be offered for onraling on regular _~. First time _s only. 

No other discounts can be used in conju1ction with this 0" .. and 
'ft':MT.T.JtI. morrIJorship must be used al cooler of enrollmenl Musl be al least 18 
~ ........ .,... years old. Personal trailing and babysitting available al no<mal cost. 

. The UCSD Guardian 

100m dash, with a time of 12.34, 
and eighth in the 200m. 

In thehighjump, Susan Christy, 
although equalling the height of 
the third through ninth place jump-
ers, missed on more attempts at 
5'5" and failed to qualify, fini sh-
ing 10th. 

In the 3,000m, Denise 
M cFayden also did not qualify. 

S. The 1990 MISL Finals feature 
which two teams? 

6. Which NFL team is currently 
being investigated for its financial 
structure? 

7. True or false: MajorHarris' real 
first name is General. 

8. What sport awards the Herrman 
Trophy to the top college player each 
year? 

9. Kirk Gibson was sent to which 
minor league team for his rehabilita-
tion? 

10. What was UCSD 's four-day 
total at the gol f national champion-
ships? 

Last week's answers: 
1. Black and Gold 
2. 14 years old 
3. Dallas Sidekicks 
4. True 
5. North Stars 
6. False 
7. Pat Day 
8. Mike Win 
9. Marge Schott 
10. Tracy Peel, Washington 

College (MD) 
Last week's winner: 
Jeff Sasaki 
First-year, Third. Biochem 
Los Altos, CA 
Runners-up: 
14; List will be posted at Br s 

I Lomas Santa Fe Plaza' 97S-C Lomas Santa Fe ' Solana Beach 259-8515 .I L ___________________ _ 

BUY 

SILL 

FIND 

nLL 

UCSD Guardian 
Classifieds 

Come by the 

Guardian office 

or call 534-5416 

SPORTS 19 

L to R, lusro Diaz, Gina Zabloudil, Tracy Krenkler, Patrick Sexron, 
Traci Cassell, Alvin Woo, Mike Lena, Elliot Dane 

RECUNING NUDES - Coed A Volleyball 
Reclining Nudes-As a 16th century work of art-the epiromc of grace 

and beaury. As a 20rh century volleyball ream-rhe antirhesis of both. 
Hey, no one said A Coed Volleyball was supposed ro be pre try. and 

R eclining NudeJ can vouch for that. Their SCr.1PPY ~Do whatch. gotta 
do" sryle of play carried them right through rhe season with a pertC:cr 7-0 
( 17-4) mark in their Sunday night league. 

The last vinory came at the expense offilth·place [,. Limbu in stl'<light 
sets, eliminating them from any post-season pOSSibili ties. 

Nuder opened the match wah a sec-saw first l:,'ame that ended 17-15 
th<ir favor, but they saw their prefect season in limbo during the second 
game when they found themselves behind 13·6. 

Thank goodness tor Mike Lena, though . The nationally acclaimed 
lacrosse p;laye r served N"deJ right back into the game with seven straight 
points. From there. the iron forearms ofTraci Cassell took over, digging 
up everything the opposition could pound down on her. 

The 15· 13 victory in the second game sent NI.deJ into high gear as 
they closed out the match with a resounding 11 -0 shutout. 

To a team whose members always seem ro be in the right place at the 
right time (they know who they arc), this ... club 's lor you. 

This summer. we are introducing the most intensive 
commercial MCAT prep course in the country. 
Two months, six days a week. Full-time instructors. Three 
practice MCA Ts. Info night is Tuesday, June 5th, 6-7:30pm, 
at our classrooms (Suites 1131&32A, behind the E-Bar and EI 
Torito). Watch the Guardian for future details! 

..L1U •• __ ... _1.-___ ....... 
L::J1':JI-I.' ·,.e, ·'II"~ (619) 455·1000 

Includes: Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service prices reg. $21.$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To insure faster service, It's 
best to come on weekdays. 

.. . ....... -..... 
- --- - -

457·3334 
8843 La Jolla Village Dr. • La Jolla. CA 
La Jolla Village Center (Ralphs, Savon) 



20 The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, May 29, 1990 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER 
We've Got A Great AHitudel 

r------------------i EAT CHEAP! 
UCSD Lunch Specials 
All Nile Long 
B],sfamolts hmcb ;pecials now available all 
1light to ue D students. faculty and staff with I.D . 

!3J.~ 
l'illl'rla 

• I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 5",,1 ON. - paghenini with marinara II IlS " ~s ~ TUES. - Cicero (meatball) andwich I 
I ~ WED. - Mini-Pizza with soft drink I 
• ~"l_~. THURS. - Individual Stuffed Pizza I 
I ~-11I \~ ~:I1I-\ O"'id FRI. - Homemade Lasagna with meat sauce I 
II f-sot; \ :3()O"'-~ l)Ine-tn only lor Ibis special nlJcr. tI" spe=1s includ4 SQ/Qd.StiH .p to S(i.!JOf . II S"'" ...... ~=-------------------' I I 
I 8873 Villa LaJoUa Dr. !.aJolla Village Center 455·0662 I 
I UCSD's origmal Pi=eria is still the best! 6plres 6112190 ! ~---- -------------------_. 

Open Sat. 9-3 
Weekdays 8:30-6 

/ 
in La Jolla Village Center (near Ralph's) 

8855 Villa La Jolla drive 

Ma;ors 
Aaron Brothers Art Mart 455-5906 
Ralphs 455-0640 
Sav.()n 457-4390 

Apparel & Acce .. o";es 
Clothestime 453-7650 
Pacific Eyes & T's 535-0365 

Financial 
Beverly Hills Savings 
Home Federal 
Security Pacific 

452·5660 
455-0440 
455-0318 

Food. & a •• tauran" 
Aesop's Tables 455-1535 
B.J.'s Chicago Pizzeria 455-0662 
SamSon's Restaurant 455·1461 

450-1113 

Vi.;, Th ... F;ne 
RETAILERS 

Taco TIrne 453-6616 
TGIFriday's 455-0680 

Gift & Specialty 
Card Party 452·1605 
Crown Books 450'()577 
La Jolla Flower Basket 455·5545 
Radio Shack 457·4095 

Health & Beauty 
Great Earth Vitamins 452·9775 
Young Attitudes Hair Graphics 457·3334 
...... fum;.";,.". & Acc •• uwie. 
HomePlace 450-1811 
Stroud's Unen Warehouse 457'()525 

Service. 
Century 21 Village Realty 
Cornerstone Management 
Dean's SO·Minute Foto 
Kinko's Copies 
7 Days Rent A Car 
Sunny Fresh Cleaners 
Travel Travel 
Video Gallery 

Pacific Theatres 

EE U FOR THE BE T SELECTION OF 
GRADUATION ANNOUNCEMENT 

AND ACCESSORIES 

Ionko's 
the copy center 

457-3775 
La Jolla Village Center 

Taste The Real DijJerence™ 
Ralph's Convenience Center at 

La Jolla Village Drive 
JUST 3 MINUTES FROM CAMPUSI 

r-------------
son TACO SUPREME : 

or I 
COMBINATION BUR.nO I 

with your choice of Mexi-Fries, 
rice or crustos, and a 

16-oz. soft drink for ~2 .80. 

,. Jo". V, ••••• S"ua,. 
... \ D.nta' Group 011 .... You, 
~ t) . COSMETIC BONDING • VisA OR MASTERCARD 
,..~&. EVENING APPTS. • INSTANT INSURANCE 

..,/ • STEREO HEADPHONES EVALUATION 
• NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

, • 24·HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• • ORAL SURGERY FOR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRACTION -----~--------------------INnfODUCrOIIY OIP •• 
:~~~~;Jt~l'ro "$Q 

Offered 10: Students, Faculty and staR at UCSD 

--------------------------DAVID I •• INOM D.D.S. 
Member: ADA, CDA, SDCDS, Delta Dental 

8861 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite SOl 
(behind Radio Shack) 455·9151 

455-6770 
453·7711 
453-3443 
457·3775 
455-1664 
455-0071 
450·11 13 
450-1554 

453·7622 

At the northeast corner of 
Villa La Jolla and 
Nobel Drives 

Open from lOam 
Monday through Saturday 
from noon on Sunday 

I 
I 
I 
I 


