
The California 
Drought . 
UCSD Tackles Water Conservation 

Features, page 8 

Red Hot Chill 
Peppers 
An exclusive interview 
ArIIIEntertainment, page 10 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 70, NUMBER 15 

Rlmas UzgirlslGuardian 

Students gathered on the lawn by the Sun God to enjoy Friday afternoon's Sun God Festival. 

Behrens Wins 
Nat'l SingJes Title 
On final try. senior brings crown home 

Sports, page 20 

MONDAY, MAY 21,1990 

UCSD Post Doc. Files 
Harassment Lawsuit 
Against City of S.D. 
By SHERRY LOWRANCE 
Staff Writer 

UCSD post doctoral fellow 
Walter Woodson has filed suit 
against the city of San Diego, al-
leging he was illegally detained 
and falsely arrested by San Diego 
Police because of his race and 
appearance. 

Woodson, a black man who 
wears his hair in shoulder-length 
dreadlocks, was arrested twice in 
1987, once at a bus stop in La Jolla 
while waiting for a bus to take him 
home from work, and another time 
in Mission Bay as he spoke to a 
friend in a parking lot. 

The first incident occurred as 
Woodson sat at a bus stop on La 
Jolla Village Drive. According to 
Woodson, the arresting officer, 
Raymond Battrick, approached 
him and said that there was some-
one stealing in the neighborhood 
and that he looked like the suspect. 

Shortly afterwards, Battrick al-
legedly changed his story to say 
that someone meeting Woodson's 
description had beaten up a police 
officer in Balboa Park earlier in the 
day, Woodson said. 

When Woodson claimed that 
Battrick was detaining him based 
on his race, Battrick became an-
gry, handcuffed Woodson, and 
pushed him into the back of his 
patrol car, Woodson alleged. When 
they arrived at the police station, 
Battrick found that Woodson had 
an unpaid fine on file. 

"He fabricated the story about 
someone stealing in La Jolla. He 
didn't know anything about me 
until I was handcuffed, put in the 
back of his car, and taken down-
town to the police headquarters, 
where he finally found that I had an 
outstanding jaywalking ticket," 
Woodson said. 

Battrick refused comment on 
the arrest. 

Woodson's attorney, Thomas 
Homann, explained that the law-
suit against the city is based on 
allegations of "false arrest and ille-
gal detention - [Woodson] was 
detained as a result of his race and 
appearance. to 

Homann went on to explain two 
legal prerequisites that must be 
met during the process of an arrest, 
neither of which, he believes, were 
met in the arrest of Woodson. 

'The police are authorized to 
briefly detain persons with less 
than probable cause if suspicious 
circumstances exist," he said. 

But if the suspect is to be ar-
rested, the attorney explained, "the 
police officer must know facts 
which make it likely that the per-
son has committed some kind of 
crime." 

Homann claimed that circum-
stances did not warrant the deten-
tion and questioning of Woodson 
in either instance. 

"He was engaging in totally 
innocent and innocuous conduct at 
the time," Homann said. 

See WOODSON, page 7 

Three 
Injured at 
Concert 
By MARY BETTY HEARD 
Senior Staff Writer 

Three injuries occured dur-
ing the evening concert of 
Friday's Sun God Festival, 
authorities said. 

Grad Students Discuss Gender Issues at ForuDl 

According to UCSD Police 
dispatcher Andrew Carroll, the 
first injury occurred to a non-
student at 10 p.m. The person 
reportedly sustained an injury 
to the left eye while slam danc-
ing. The person refused all 
treatments except for ice, Car-
roll said. 

By CYRUS WADIA 
Guardian Reporter 

In a graduate seminar on gen-
der issues held on Saturday, sex-
ual harassment, career issues, inter-
nal politics and race and gender 
issues were addressed by various 
members of the administration and 
faculty at UCSD. 

Assistant Dean of Student Af-
fairs Audrey Little addressed the 
primary focus of the seminar when 
she described the "campus c1i-
mate"in I 980 as compared to 1989. 

Helene Keyssar, a professor in 
the Department of Communica-

tion and a member of the commit-
tee on the status of women said 
that women have "come a long 
way since the early 1970s" as a 
result of the various sexual harass-
ment and abuse organizations and 
policies that have evolved, and 
because of the consciousness that 
has been raised about the gender 
issue. 

She emphasized the idea that 
"the climate still remains an is-
sue," and while there are legal 
institutions to deal with issue , 
"there are very many issues that 
cannot be dealt with by these insti-
tutions." 

"One of the affirmative action 
policies had been altered not to 
include women -just minorities," 
Keyssar said. 

Because the vice chancellor 
had decided on this policy, she 
pointed out that this issue was being 
addressed "at a level where there 
weren't women to pay attention to 
it. " 

Di cu sing the issue of female 
teachers and teaching assistants in 
the classroom, Keyssar said that 
women were in a "double bind," 
because there is a "real problem of 
authority in a classroom if you're 
a woman, because if you speak in 

common discourse, you don't 
sound as if you kno~ what you're 
talking about." 

Keyssar said that if women 
"assert their views," they are seen 
as "aggressive and inappropriate." 

She pointed out the fact that in 
many Course and Professor Evalu-
ations (C.A.P.E.) of female pro-
fessors and T A's, obscene com-
ments were made about the way 
that they dressed and how they 
looked. 

"Weallhaveexperiencedna ty 
note and lewd comments from 
tudent ," she said. 

See GENDER, page 6 

At 10:30 p.m. the second 
reported injury occurred. 

"A student was found in the 
wooded area just we t of the 
Price Center . .. after ingestion 
of alcohol. The student was 
returned to [the student' ] resi-
dence at the Third dormito-
ries," Carroll said. 

Carroll speculated that the 
tudent found in the eucalyp-

tus grove had attended the Sun 
God Festival concert because 
the grove is near the Price 
Center, where the concert oc-
curred. 

See INJURIES, page 6 



State Legislature Considers Return 
Of All Native American Remains 

LOS ANGELES - The State Legislature is faced with 
a bill which would require all institutions in possession of 
Native American remains, such as UCLA, to compile a 
list of their collections and allow Native Americandescen-
dents to rebury their ancestors ' bone if they wish. 

Assembly Bill 2577 , sponsored by A semblyman 
Richard Katz, CD-Sepulveda), would dir¢ctly affect UCLA, 
which houses more than 1,000 skeletal remains of Native 
Americans in the Museum of Cultural Hi tory located in 
Haines Hall. 

The remains have touched off a controversy on campus 
between researchers and Native Americans: Anthropol-
ogy professor have argued that the collection provides 
valuable research mat(rial and offers an opportunity to 
investigate the culture of the Native Americans who kept 
no written history. However, Native American groups 
have maintained that becau e of spiritual and religious 
reasons, they should have a right to decide the fate of their 
ancestors' remains. 

" It's a question of respect for individual cultural be-
liefs," Katz said. 

.ative Americans performed culturally rich religious 
ceremonies to bury their deceased "with the expectation 
that they would remain buried in the ground. Their exca-
vation is a violation of the custom and tradition of the 
people. People don 't have the right to take that kind of 
action," Katz said. 

" Imagine how families of victims of the Holocaust 
would feel if the remains of the victims were put on 
display ," Katz said. "We ought to show the same respect 
that everyone else has accorded to their ancestors." 

Large collections that would be affected by AB 2577 
are known to be possessed by several UC and Cal State 
universities. 

Support for Prop. 111 Accused of 
Leading to UC Pay Increase Delay 

SANTABARBARA - A plan to delay meri t-based 
pay raises for University of California staff members has 
raised cries of foul from some employees who see the 
move as a university attempt to extort support for Propo-
sition Ill. 

Proposed by the UC Office of the President, the tenta-
tive plan would counter budgetary shortfalls resulting 

Calvin and Hobbes 

\ 

~~.>-~t:vt, 

"Ei tJ/>.D, 'fOllO 
~oo PjI.~ II\~ 
A 00ll,.,R, To 
tAr A BlJG:' 

'I 
of 

Ii's LI\(~ '" PP"PER 8:)'1 . 
'1eN ~~. A TIGER 'rtml 

~ ti~'fISPAI'£~ ROJTE . 

~. 1OO'D w.~ 1'0 EAr 
A SVCI<:H OF 8\JGS 
8£FOR'£ I'D PA~ '10U 

,., DOlLAR. 

from theGann Limit, a law which limits state spending on 
the UC system. according to John McCloud, manager of 
comp'.!nsation programs for the university. 

[fimplemented, the plan would delay merit-based pay 
rai es for staff employees by six months. Employees 
eligible to receive-rai es in July would not receive them 
until January. 

"The univer~ity is having to look at cUlli ng merits for 
the first time," McCloud said. 

Staff merit increases currently c.ost the university $12 
million per year of tbe total $5.5 billion budget, said Rick 
Malaspina, a representative from the office of the UC 
president. 

Because of the way the university proposed the pos-
ible delays, some UC employees see the plan as a simple 

advertisement for the passage of Proposition 111. 
Proposition III proposes a reorganization of the Gann 

state funding limit. If passed, the UC system could see an 
increase in its budget. 

An April 13 memo from the UCSB Personnel Office 
outlining the UC funding situation was "clearly an ad for 
Proposition 111," said Jack Huthsing, president ufLocai 
3241 of the American Federation of State, County, and 
Municipal Employees, which represents university em-
ployees statewide. 

Huthsing said if the university withholds merit raises, 
the union may file an unfair labor practice complaint or a 
labor gnevance. But a labor action such as a strike is 
essentially out of the question, according to Huthsing. 

"It [would be] ajoke," he' said. "We have 5,000 dues-
paying union members representing 26,000 employees 
systemwide. Our goal is not to let them do this." 

D E sJ 
Birch Aquarium-Museum Awarded 
$75,000 Grant by National Institute 

A grant of $75,000 to expand educational programs 
and exhibits has been awarded to the UCSD Scripps 
Aquarium-Museum by the Institute for Museum Services 
(lMS), a federal agency serving the nation's museums. 

Donald Wilkie, director of the aquarium-museum, 
attended the awards presentation. The presentation was 
hosted by First Lady Barbara Bush at the White House on 
May 18, International Museum·Day. 

"The IMS funds will be used to develop education 
programs and exhibits for the new Stephen Birch Aquar-
ium-Museum, scheduled to open in 1992," Wilkie said. 

by Bill Watterson 

1\.\\'5 BOO~ w.lCE.s 
~o srns£ tt.T ,..,ll . 

OR rD ~~ 'f()lJ ~ Io\'i REA/... ~1\.l..S 
", OOll",R, TO ARt UKOClti",lll£D. 
PIC\:. I)\l snCKS 
IN 1\\£ BACK 

YAAtl . 

~ OISTMo\, \>.A\l£\ Z ARK • 
WE Flt>lO nit: £W\PN ~!> 
sPf!..C£. C.9AIT \j{ ~ \\£lCc, 
nit. ~O SM:EliINi $IIFf.' 

IJI\ 011 ! UP AIIE"O. 'T\\t 'itOC\:.5 !>.RIO 
CI-l AA.~tl '111,1-1 01;:"1\\ ~'\ '6v.-:,\S! 
A \4 1O"EIoI, '3I1lIlGlO\.£ '\OO¥. I'V.~ I\~ ! 

~o C)(\.'\ 1~ WAQ(.S 
r::tt ~ \A~, SIt\IS1tR 
AlIEIoI LE,I.~E W<. 
SC.E\lE! Y/I-I,l.i I-I/I.S 

1\~~N£tl 10 ~E 
r ,l.Rn\lIt-11i HMI1't1l. ~ 

The Stephen Birch Aquarium-Museum will provide. 
extensive educational programs, ranging from preschool 
classe for children to courses for teachers and cience 
professionals. The new facility will be 2.5 times larger 
than the present building and wiIJ contain 36 marine life 
tanks. 

The IMS award. which assist mu eums in maintain- . 
ing and improving basic operations and services. are 

• highly competitive and are made through a peer review 
process. The IMS received 1,368 proposals this year, and 
awarded grants to only 390 museums nationwide. 

UC President Gardner to Speak 
At Budget Hearing in San Diego 

Higher ectucation. transportation and senior citizens 
are the topics for a state legislative budget committee 
hearing scheduled for May 23 in the County Administra-
tion Center, 1600 Pacific HighwaY", San Diego. 

Six representatives oflocal agencies and UC President 
David Gardner, Bill Leonard, chair of the California 
Transportation Commiss ion, and Ralph Paskera of the 
California State Board of Trustees , are scheduled to 
speak. 

State Sen. Alfred E. Alquist, chairman of the joint 
legislative budget committee, will lead the hearing in 
room 358, beginning at 9:30 a.m. 

UC "Student Association Accepting 
Statewide Committee Applications 

The UC Student Association has opened the applica-
tion pr,ocess for student representatives to university-
wide committees. Applications will be accepted until 5 
p.m. on Friday, June 1. 

There are approximately 40 spots open for students on 
university-wide committees. These committees recom-
mend major policy changes to university President David 
Gardner and the university Academic Senate on a wide 
range of issues, including financial aid, affirmative ac-
tion, fee levels, quality of undergraduate education, and 
graduate student concerns. They meet from one to 10 
times per year, depending on the committee. Committees 
are composed of faculty, staff, administrators, and stu-
dents. . 

Most meetings take place in Berkeley, and the univer-
sity administration pays for travel, food, and lodging 
when necessary for the student representatives. 

Applications and committee lists are available at the 
Associated Students and Graduate Student Association 
offices. 

-Complied by Catherine Dille, News Edilor 
and Jason Snell, .... ssociDU News Edilor 

~rA kr£,'''.T uu .. . BD.a..a..L, · 

""UCSD-.lopUllioNd.....,.IIII~ ...... Iho..-,..l¥end 
"' .. _alUCSD . ............ aI .... _il., •. _lnwholeOl 
In,*,-_..-.. -.dr pni1IIIIod. C IIIO,"",,-, 
""UCSD-.Io ..... ~"' .. _al ____ orllt Tho 
_",,-111 .... lndlignod_or_ ............ no.-ty_ 
.... opinIInal ""lJCSDo..dIIrI, .. ~alC*>mII.OI .. ~SII­
_G/UC&O. T..,.. ....... :""" ......... ~~ 
~: 13. un ~: 1M •• Fa: 534-7881 
UCSD GfMI'dIIIn, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 92083 

Monday, May 21, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Ac. Senate to Consider Graduation 
Requirement Change Procedure 
By MELINDA HAMILTON 
SlajfWriler 

The Academic Senate will 
decide on the rewording of the 
Committee on Educational 
Policy's current guidelines for 
requesting changes in graduation 
requirements tomorrow afternoon. 

Stephen Cox, the chair of the 
Committee on Educational Policy 
CCEP). said the CEP proposed the 
change because the current word-
ing of the guidelines is difficult to 
interpret. 

According to Cox, there is no 
particular problem with the exist-
ing policy, and the rewording is 
for purposes of clarification. 

The rewritten policy will clar-
ify that college or department 
requests made to the Academic 
Senate to change graduation re-
q uirements must allow continuing 
students to pursue their degrees 
without interruption. 

As written, the CEP' s policy 
advises students "to check with 
colleges, departments, or other 
sources of information" regarding 
changes in graduation require-
ments and how they affect the 
students. 

The CEP defines continuing 
students as people who have be-
gun their college education at 
UCSD or elsewhere before the 
degree requirement change. 
Whether or not students who have 
left the UC for two or more years 
will have to follow the new re-

quirements will be up to the discre-
tion of their department orcollege. 

In revising the policy, accord-
ing to a memo written by CEP 
member John Conlisk. the CEP 
considered three alternatives. 

The first approach to rewording 
the guidelines proposed imple-
menting a universal blanket pol-
icy, which is very similar to the 
current rule, he said. The CEP has 
decided against thi s. citing the 
complexity of the issues involved. 

CEP also considered crea ting 
an elaborate piece of legislation 
that would deal with a variety of 
possible problems. The committee 
ruled this out because it involves 
developing a set of hypothetical 
circumstances for various students 
and requirement changes and writ-
ing an appropriate implementation 
of the rule for each of the students. 

The result of this approach, 
according to Conlisk's memo, 
"would be a legalistic monster . .. it 
would almost certainly mishandle 
many specific issues; the CEP 
would inevitably fail to predict all 
problems ahead of time." 

The third alternative requires 
the college or department request-
ing a revision of requirements to 
include the specifics of the im-
plementation of the proposed 
changes as part of its request for 
revisions. 

The CEP supports the third al-
ternative beCause the method of 
implementation would then be the 
responsibility of the group most 

involved with the change. 
Conlisk said in his memo that 

the new policy is not designed to 
solve all poss ible problems but to 
generate a uniform guideline to 
follow. 

"This strategy evades the need 
to resolve ahead of time every 
possibility that might occur. .. It is 
only intended to create a good 
procedure for resolving issues," 
according to Conlisk's memo. 

If the Academic Senate ap-
proves the policy in its meeting 
tomorrow, it could go into e ffect 
as early as next year. 

WOODSON 
Continued from page 3 

Homann also claimed that there 
was not probable cause to arrest 
Woodson. 

Referring to the second arrest, 
Homann said,"At some time the 
police officer did not like Dr. 
Woodson's attitude." According 
to Homann, the only suspicion the 
arresting officer ... had was "an 
anonymous 911 call from the vi-
cinity with no description, proba-
bly a prank call." 

Woodson said that instead of 
investigating the 911 call, the ar-
resting officer "decided an illegal 
drug transaction was taking place 
in the parking lot." 

Woodson said that when he 
asked the arresting officer why he 

See WOODSON, page 7 

A.S. LECTURE NOTES 
IS HIRING!! 

A.S. Lecture Notes Service is now hiring notetakers 
for the Fall 1990 quarter. If you are motivated, 
like to set your own hours, and take clear, concise 
notes then a job as an ASLNS notetaker might be 
for you. 

We are covering various classes in the 
following subjects:\ 

Anthropology Biology 
Chemistry Cognitive Science 
Communications CSE 
Economics History 
Linguistics Philosophy 
Physics Political Science 
Psychology Sociology 

If you are interested in a position as an 
ASLNS note taker , please stop by Career 

Services and pick up a job referral, and then 
stop by our office in the Old Student Center 

and pick up an application. 

NEWS 3 

Rhnas UzgirlsiGuordian 

The Twister event at Muir Field on Saturday, sponsored by Delta 
Sigma Phi and Pi Beta Phi, benefited the March of Dimes. 

PACIRC BEACH: 
1447 Gamet Ave. 

"... COLLEGE: 273-CUTS 
... r.."... 6686 EI Cajon Blvd. 

t.I"" \,0""'" 463·5052 OCEAN BEACH: 
4882 Newport Ave. 

HILLCREST: 222.3777 
409 Unive!sity Ave. 
291 ·CVTS 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 21, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN. Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN. Managing Editor 
CA THERI E DILLE. News Editor 
ANTON BITT ER. News Editor 
DA VID BURKHART. Opinion Editor 

TJt,eUCSD CuardiOIl i publimed , .... Ke .... «lI:ly at the Unl .. er$uyofClhronu .... San DI(,~o Cootents 01990 
ViC\I .. ,. expressed htrein represenllhe m:tiOriry .. ,ott oftheednori"l boMd. o.nd are not IlC'Ccssanly lho~orlhe 
uc Balm or Re£cnrs. ,he ASUCSD. nor 1M: enlire G'llUditln Raff. 

The Co-op Controversy 

The Way to Autonomy 
The dispute between the university administration and the co-

ops began in November 1989 as what appeared to be a simple 
conflict over keys. The university's position was -and still is-
that the co-ops are using university facilities, equipped with 
university doors, therefore requiring university locks. The co-
ops objected and refused to sign the space agreement, claiming 
autonomy from the university, as well as citing potential security 
problems. 

Now, almost six months later, the issue has shifted further 
away from keys and is focused on the exact status of co-op 
autonomy. 

The problem is not as clear cut as it appears. It is all too easy 
to say, "What difference does it make if the co-ops are on the 
university system or not? Why don't they quit whining and just 
sign the lease?" 

That is not the solution. 
The initial dispute revolved around section 5.07 of the Student 

Center space agreement, titled "Key Issuance and Usage." The 
clause states that all co-ops must be on the university master key 
system, and that the administration will issue keys to co-op 
members. 

The dispute was compl icated when a compromise between the 
University Center Board (UCB) and the co-ops was rejected by 
Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs Joseph Watson. The com-
promise did not require the co-ops to be on the university key 
system. According to a letter by Watson, the new UCB-<o-op 
lease agreement is "not an option," and the key clause is not 
negotiable. 

However, Article VI, section six of the UCB charter gives the 
board the authority to negotiate such lease agreements. 

As a result of Watson's letter, the UCB passed are olution last 
Monday requesting an Academic Senate investigation of "the 
university administration's usurpation of the [UCB's] authority 
to allocate space and negotiate leases in facilities funded by 
student fees." The board's idea is to hopefully gain faculty 
support, which is a step in the right direction. The faculty carries 
a great deal of prestige, and their endorsement would carry much 
more weight than the rantings of a few overly-agitated students 
venting their frustrations on the gym steps. 

A much greater problem the co-ops need to contend with is the 
distinct po sibility of eviction. Ultimately, if the space agreement 
is not signed, eviction could become reality, and that would be 
disastrous for the co-ops. 

But section 5.06 of the general space agreement is a much 
greater threatthan section 5.07 ever was. The clause states that on 
expiration of the lease agreement, all equipment, merchandise, 
and assets must be delivered to the UCB. In other words, if the 
co-ops decide not to sign, they would not just lose their space, but 
everything. All of the former co-op merchandise and assets 
would become part of the university. 

Furthermore, according to the "Co-op Operations and Proce-
dural Guidelines," published by the University Center business 
office in 1975, the co-ops do not "own" any equipment they may 
have purchased. According to the guidelines, the University 
Center's definition of "ownerShip" is a sort of loan. All assets 
(including any profits generated by the co-op) and equipment are 
"in care of' the co-op. That is, assets belong to the co-op as long 
as they exist, and remain on campus. The University Center will 
not acknowledge the existence of any co-op off campus. 

These regulations are ridiculous. Co-ops are housed in stu-
dent-funded facilities, and are owned and operated by students, 
for students . To claim that any profit generated by the hard work 
and effort of students ultimately belongs to the UC Regents is 
absurd. The co-ops need and deserve complete financial auton-
omy. 

The VCB' s recent resolution is one of many steps in the right 
direction. Bizarre rallies in front of the Main Gym, such as the one 
that occurred on Monday , are not. 

The administration will not pay attention to a group of zealous 
students ranting about "fighting the power." Bureaucracy can be 
fought with bureaucracy. The UCB 's request for an Academic 
Senate investigation is one way. A.S. President John Edson' s 
proposal 10 form a special appeals board is another. Face-Io-face 
negotiation - with the assistance of professional legal counsel 
- with the admini (ration i a TdUSt. Certainly, the process is 
slow, but the stakes are hl!h, and the potential reward - official 
autonomy - IS well worth the wait. The student co-ops must 
organize in a respectful fashion. 

The days of building blockades are over. Now is the time fOl 
serio/ls negotiation . 

UCSD Athletes Do Not Get Deserved Support 
Editor: 

This letter is in response to the 
letter appearing in the May 17 
issue in regard to the support, or 
lack of, given to the UCSD 
women's water polo team. 

While understanding that deci-
sions on news coverage are neces-
sarily subjective, clearly the news 
of a potential national champion-

women's water polo team," is di-
rectly contributing to the apathy 
expre sed towards all intercolle-
giate sports already apparent in 
the general population of the 
school. 

The letter writers prevent 
UCSD sports programs from gain-
ing the recognition they deserve. 

It is unfair to make the state-

giate sport by their lack of respect 
for an accomplishment such as 
winning a national championship; 
not to mention the fact that we 
went undefeated against Divis ion 
I, II, and TIl schools. 

Winning a national champion-
ship is front page news and I am 
sure that so-called "respected in-
stitutions" would address this ac-

ship is borh news- ---------------------- complishment as 
worthy of the front 
page of their 
school's paper. 
Our accomplish-
ment made the 
front page of The 
SanDiego Union ; 
why not the front 
page of The UCSD 
Guardian? 

worthy and of great 
reader interest. 
National champi-
onships of any 
stripe only serve to 
bring prestige and 
greaterrecognition 
tOlheentirestudent 
body. 

The issue here is not whether the Guard-
ian gave us adequate coverage, but 
where the letter writers find satisfaction 
in stating that a sport, such as water 
polo, is not worthy of front page cover-
age. 

The issue here ----------------------
is not whether the Guardian gave 
us adequate coverage, but where 
the letter writers find satisfaction 
in stating that a sport, such as 
water polo, is not worthy of front 
page coverage. 

Perhaps if the Guardum had 
been able to give our team addi-
tional coverage overthe course of 
the season, fan attendance may 
have been stronger. 

It may be true that water polo 
does not draw as many fans as 
does a football game at a major 
university, but perhaps if any of 
these letter writers attended a 
couple of sporting contests at 
UCSD, they would see that water 
polo attracts as many, if not more, 
fans than many of UCSD's other 
sports. 

UCSD students show a general 
apathy toward all intercollegiate 
sports programs. UCSD athletes 
do not gain the recognition, nor 
support that they deserve. The 
Guardian, while being unable to 
promote our team through weekly 
anicles, but then printing letters 
that state "nobody cares about the 

BENSON 

ments and generalizations that, 
"women's sports are not competi-
tive venue," or that "nobody cares 
about the women's water polo 
team." 

That fact that students wrote a 
letter stating we are a "so-called 
champion team" infuriates me. It 
is obvious that none of the stu-
dents writing play an intercolle-

Letter writers, while you three 
may be a part of the apathetic por-
tion of UCSD, that does not give 
you the right to state that our Na-
tional Championship trophy is 
anything less than a spectacular 
accomplishment. 

Amy J. HaUey 
Co-Captain 

UCSD Women's Water Polo 

Martens and Martin Set 
The Record Straight 

Editor: 
This rebuttal is an attempt to clear our names concerning the 

letter "Water Polo Doesn't Matter" in the previous Guardian, which 
was falsely signed with our names. We have the utmost respect for 
both our women's and men's water polo teams and would by no 
means submit such a heinous and - we must say - poorly written 
letter. 

If you want to playa joke, play it on us, and leave the national 
champions out of it! 

Timothy Martens 
Scott Martin 

Monday, May 21,1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION S 

Article Filled With Inaccuracies 
Editor: 

As president of UCSD's student chapter of the American Society of Mechanical 
Engineers (ASME), our club appreciates any press coverage we can get. That's why we 
were 0 glad to hear the Guardian intended to write about our surprise upset at the annual 
Human-Powered Vehicle (HPV) contest at San Jose State University last month. However, 
I can't ignore the appalling reporting of the event that appeared in the Features article, "All 
It Took Was a Little Human Power," in the May 7 issue ofyc:>ur newspaper. 

Although the story was well-written, it was laced with gross inaccuracies and distortions 
of the most basic facts . The reporter only interviewed two people for the article, myself and 
Alan Payne. yet he attributes quotes to three people, one of whom doesn 't exist in our 
organization - Joe Collier. In addition, the name of our club was reported wrong. 11 was 
written as SME. 

In at least one case, thereponer missed the gist of our conversation. The unofficial name 
of our vehicle was "Chapter II " since our funds were so limited and we were competing 
with schools with budgets 10 times largerthan ours. By the time it reached print, our vehicle 
was called "Channel II." Why? I don't know. And I'm sure neither did anyone else, since 
that title makes no sense. 

Finally, the reponer fused together the results of two different races in which we 
competed, getting none of the facts straight. We finished third in the road race portion of 
the Collegiate HPV Championships, an upset victory behind UC Berkeley and San Jose 
Stare, and 10th in the overall competition. In the La 10lla Grand Prix, we were the first 
college to finish the race (ahead of the only other college to enter, SDSU) and we finished 
fourth overall. According to the Guardian article, we finished ftrSt in the HPV race, ahead 
of UC Berkeley and San Diego State. 

It's great to get recognition from the press for our accomplishments, but we can' t lobby 
for more funding or promote our organization with infonnation which is blatantly false. I 
don't know whether this is representative reporting by the Guardian or whether it's a 
problem with one incompetent or improperly trained writer. Either way, I'm sure the 
Guardian wants to be known as a professional, reputable newspaper. I know one thing. 
From now on, I will be hesitant to believe the accuracy of anything I see on the Guardian' s 
pages. 

Joe Dorsey 
President 

American Society of Mechanical Engineers 
Editor's Note: The Guardian regrets the errors. 

Derogatory Editori~1 Had No Right 
To Judge George Winne's Action 
Editor: 

Regarding your editorial on the death 
of George Winne Jr. ("Reconciling a 
Passionate Act", May 21): You said 
"One cannot help but wonder if Winne 
would have better served his cause by 
fighting for peace instead of dying for 
it. " 

This kind of derogatory rhetoric is a 
bitter pill to swallow, coming from a 
newspaper which finds it proper to run 
military and CIA advenisements, and 
rarely does anything other than mini-

While Ms. Catherine Dille's anicle 
on the George Winne memorial on 
Revelle Plaza was perhaps the most ac-
curate and satisfying article of any UCSD 
article covering an event I was present 
for, it does not mollify my anger over 
your editorial. 

Until The UCSD Guardian ceases to 
be an active panicipant in the "War 
Machine," it has no right to judge or 
attempt to direct the efforts of any of the 
courageous, beautiful people who 
struggle daily for peace and social jus-

mize or marginalize campus activities tice. 
and activists for peace and social justice. James Field 

Crass Letter Points to Apathy 
Editor: 

I couldn't help but be a little disturbed 
with Darryl Binniaz's comment on George 
Winne Jr. ("Winne Was Not a Hero," May 
14). How can Darryl express an abhorrence 
for war, yet in reference to Winne's death, 
make only the crass utterance, "Tome, he's 
dead." This comment is a perfect example 
of the widespread apathy and acceptance of 
the horrors of war in which we are social-
ized. 

Idon' t know if Winne should be tenned 
a "hero" because he sacrificed his life in 
protest of the war. I do, however, think that 
we should reflect upon the circumstances 

surrounding his death. The tragic altema-
tive that Winne sought is a testimony to the 
desperation many feel toward the absurdity 
of war and the degeneration of human 
morality. 

It is interesting to me that the people 
who are quick to excuse Winne's response 
as a cop-out will still claim a "hero" in one 
of the persons whose name is etched in the 
Vietnam Memorial. And what a sick para-
dox - that the mass of people will admire 
a person who murdered at the will of his 
government, yet condemn a man who dies 
as a plea to stop the killing. 

Jennifer Danek 

The UCSD Guardian welcomes your letters and commentaries. Drop your letter 
at the Guardian offices [on the second floor of the Student Center, above the 
General Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor, The Guardian, 
8-016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Letters should be typed, double-spaced , and should include a signature and phone 
number . We reserve the right to edit letters for length and clarity. Deadline for 
letters for Monday's issue is noon on Friday. Deadline for Thursday's issue is 
noon on Monday. 

GilIil.mA.N CI0..-up 
"' To Live Is to Dare to Be Stupid 

By DANA CHAIKEN, Spom Editor 
"I'm not scared of anything." 
I said that to a friend of mine almost 

three years ago, and, at the time, I be-
lieved it. 

I really didn't think an event, activ-
ity, challenge, or situation existed that I 
was afraid of or couldn't handle. 

I was wrong. I know that now. Well, 
not really wrong, just a little off base in 
thinking that absolutely nothing scared 
me. 

I think I probably should have said 
that nothing I chose to do scared me. 
Whatever I chose not to do terrified me 
to the point of avoidance. 

Now I realize that if! avoided some-
thing it wa&n't because I was scared of 
the actual act; I just didn't want to look 
stupid while doing it. 1 only ag~ to 
things I felt confident I could handle 
without tbe possibility of playing the 
foo1. 

When I was a younger kid (I say 
younger because I plan to remain a kid 

lege career, I decided that in dido 't start 
to talk,I wouldn' t ever make any friends, 
and that would make for one unhappy 
college career. (Why it's called a career, 
I'll never know. I think of it more as 
playtime before real life begins.) 

I also arrived at the conclusion that 
fear of stupidity in word or action is, 
well, stupid. 

Everyone plays the fool at some point 
- some more than others - but not 
nearly as often as one succeeds. There-
fore, by limiting my chances because of 
fear of the unknown, I also limited my 
success possibilities. 

I'm almost ecstatic that I'm learning 
to share my thoughts and feelings, with-
out compromising my ability to help 
anyone who needs a friend with open 
ears and a closed mouth. 

As far as looking stupid in activities, 
well, blast it, Ijust don't care what other 
people think anymore. If I want to do 
something, I'm going to go do it - and 

I waltzed if I felt I was on solid ground because I felt 
comfortable In what I was dOing, but I had two left 
feet If I felt lacking in familiarity. I could handle 
anything If It Involved a ball, but the thought of 
using words scared me Into silence. 

for life), I was only comfonable doing 
anything athletic. I climbed trees that 
even King Kong might shy away from. 
I played basketbaD and baseball with 
(gasp!) the boys. This laner activity cost 
me four moruhs in a cast with a broken 
leg, but that's another story. 

lcould always hold my own in sports. 
lonly bad trouble when it came to social 
activities. I was one cool customer on 
the athletic field, but I froze up when I 
bad to talk - not play - my way 
throqb sometbin 

I waltzed if I&-felt I i was on solid 
pound because I felt comfortable in 
what I was doing, but I bad two left feet 
if J feh lacking in familiarity. I could 
handle anything if it involved a ball, but 
the thought of using words scared me 
into silence. Not really, but close. 

UnlessJwas with my closest friends, 
I was one of the quietest people around. 
(I've always wondered how I got com-
fortable talking with my friends if I 
COUldn't talk to them enough forthem to 
become friends.) 

This history of silence may come as a 
bit of surprise to those who are victim-
ized by my current syndrome of spout-
ing off, but it's true. People used to 
encourage me totaik, but now they plead 
for silence; they used to wonder what 
was up if I revealed a command of the 
English language, and now it's the same 
effect if I'm quiet for a spell 

All this from a Communications ma-
jor. Go figure. 

r sometimes still wonder how I got 
through high school, but I think. it's 
because I either claimed flexibility ("1 
don't care. you decide") or I just let 
others talk while I listened. 

I got tbe reputation of a patient lis-
tener, that most people find a rare trait, 
simply because I had nothing to say. Not 
a bad deal, and I even liked listening. 

Why, or how, did I change? 
Well, about the time 1 was heading 

down to San Diego (yes, I'm another 
Northern Californian) to begin my col-

let self respect be open to ridicule. 
Of course, it helps if [have someone 

teaching me the ins and outs of an activ-
ity currently foreign to me, so I can 
watch and learn without asking ques-
tions. I used to say far - Star Wars 
galaxy-type far - away from any situ-
ation where I didn' t have aelue whatto 
door say. 

.Before, if I had to do something un-
lmown to me, I just let someone do it for 
me without revealing that J was watch-
ina them to learn, not to see if they were 
doing it right 

This kind of learning without asking 
is a difficult trick. and I fmally got tired 
of playing social magician. 

In coUege. I've put away my top hat 
- I never had a white rabbi', but I did 
have a guinea pig (another story) - and 
decided to try. I'm glad I reached that 
point because I' ve not only learned a tre-
mendous amount since that decision, 
but also had a hell of a lot of fun. 

Since I came to San Diego, I'll admit 
I've learned to dance (my younger sister 
never thought I would), along with nu-
merous activities such as racquetball, 
innertube water polo, and the latest, 
surfmg, in which I made a complete 
idiot out of myself the first time. 

Racquetball didn't prove to be my 
spon, but I retired from tube polo with 
three championships. Surfing? Well, 
that's still experimental. 

Two days worth of being called a 
rookie by my teacher/friend. in whose 
language "rookie" is the same word as 
"klutz," hasn't lessened my detennina-
tion to master my new board, the waves. 
and surf etiquette and language. 

The bottom line here i : Sometimes 
things work out, and conversely. some-
times they don ' t, but never be afraid to at 
least try. If you never try you may seem-
ingly never fail, but you really do fail. 

I can hardly imagine how boring my 
life would be like without having de-
cided to try things 1 was afraid would 
make me feel stupid at orne point. 



6 NEWS 

~!!!!!!~~~!!!!!!!~~ lI' 
!"o.OlJP ANn SALAD BAR Rl:STAURANTS 

NOW WE DELIYERI 
UCSD PARTIES, 
LUNCHEONS, MEETINGS, 
CALL USI 
551-0100 / FAX 551 -0180 

WELCOME BACKI 
UCSD'S Original Soup Exchange 

Downtown La Jolla, 77Tl Fay Ave. wants you backf 
...... • •• H ...... ........................ 

Come to downtown La Jolla, show 1 saL OFF 
your student 1.0. and we'll give )IOU 7. 

" Not valid on deliveries. Expires 6/15/90. 

ATTENTION GRADUATES! 
The Residence Inn by Marriott La Jolla 

the closest hotel to the UCSD campus 

$8922 t12522 
one-bedroom suite two-l'edroom suite 

Your big day Is just around the comer! Make reseJVaUons early for your 
incoming family and fi1ends at the Residence Inn by Man10tt La Jolla. 

They will enjoy spacious one- and two-bedroom suites with fully 
equipped kitchens and living rooms. Also. they can treat themselves to our 
complimentary breakfasl each morning. 

The Residence IDn by • Located Just south ofUCSD 
Marriott La Jolla '. • on Gilman Drive 
Please rnenIJon IhI.s advertlsem!:ru 
to ~ spedl1l ra.J..e'. 

8901 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA 92037 (619) 587-1770 

• 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 21, 1990 

GENDER:TAs,RAsDiscuss 
Sexism at Saturday Seminar 
Continued from page 1 

Aside from addreSS ing the gen-
der issues, Kevssar also posed some 
solutions to the problem. 

She said that "women should 
get together and talk about these 
issues and educate their individual 
departments. " 

She also recommended putting 
"on all departmental course and 
professor evaluations a warning: 
that none [of the evaluations) will 
be counted if they include sexist or 
racist comments." 

She also described a response 
to gender hostility that has taken 
her 25 years to learn - "Lighten 
up rather than tighten up!" 

Panel discussions were also held 
to discuss other issues that affect 
Graduate Students. 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kinko·s· 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

v 

The forum 's organizers said 
that although this year the seminar 
was "targeted for women stu-
dents," a similar seminar will be 
held next year, in which gender is-
sues will be discussed and ad-
dressed by members of both sexes. 

INJURIES 
Continued from page 1 

The third injury reponedon 
Friday evening happened at 
11: 15 p.m. A student was found 
on the Price Center floor after 
ingesting penicillin and alco-
hol at the same time. The stu-
dent was taken to a local hospi-
tal emergency room, Carroll 
said. 

Call Joba.nlGuardlan 
By 6 p.m. Friday, the crowds 
lett the Sun God area to hear 
the bands at the Price Center. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

/lIsl I'll Cl 0 I' 's COli rse Readers 

CB~ Copy 
• SELF SERVICE COPIERS 

• Free Parking 
• Book Binding 

• Copies whi le you wai t 

• 
Hours: Mon.·Thu. 8:30-8:30; Fri. 8:30-8; Slit. 12-4 

flip. 6121Il10 

;.!II Ilo/II/il) (I (IIt'\I/o OfJ"''''U \ /'J:'-IIJ 452.9949 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Monday, May 21,1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

WOODSON: Lawsuit to Be Heard in June 
Continued from page 1 
was bothering him, the officer as-
sumed a hostile attitude, arrested 
Woodson, and charged him with 
obstruction of the duty of a police 
officer. Woodson was later released 
on $5,000 bail. 

Bill Robinson, public infonna-
tion officer for the San Diego Po-
lice Depanment, denies that race is 
a factor in making arrests. 

"It is not our policy to stop 
someone based on race, but each 
arrest is evaluated on a case-by-
case situation," he said. 

Woodson said that although he 
does not believe that the police 
department has an official policy 
of arresting people on a basis of 
race, he believes that racist atti-
tudes must be "incorporated some-
how, in some way. or in some 
fashion, in [police officer) train-
ing." 

Lieutenant Bill Howell, San 

Diego Police Academy director, 
declined to comment on 
Woodson 's allegation, due to the 
pending lawsuit. He did, however, 
explain that the academy meets or 
exceeds all the standards required 
by the Commission on Peace Offi-
cer Standards and Training 
(P.O.S.T.), a regulatory commis-
sion that mandates what is taught 
in state police academies. 

According to HowelI. one 
P.O.S.T. regulation requires that 
trainees learn to "avoid prejudging 
individuals based on cultural ori· 
gins or socio-economic status." 

Another regulation mandates 
that trainees "communicate with 
representat ives of different cuI tuTa! 
and socioeconomic groups." 

Because of these P.O.S.T. regu-
lations, Howell explained, the San 
Diego Police Academy requires 
mandatory classes in "cultural 
specifics. " 

SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE 
BACKPACKS 

WA 65 REG. $119.99 NOW 79.99 
WA 63 REG. 129.99 NOW 89.99 
WA 68 REG: 139.99 NOW 99.99 

INTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 
DUPONT CORDURA • LIFETIME WARRANTY 

"FAMOUS TRAILS' - "MEl" - "EAGLE CREEK" 
"EASTPAK" ALL AT LOW DISCOUNT PRICES 

r~·m tra~bOOks·i _."~: . '" 
: _ . packs. carts. money bells. pass. • 
, port hoIdeIS. neck pillows. volt.ge " 
~_~~2'"!:?~ ~ ... ~u;h .. ~~I_f·"" 

" We take our trainees in a bus 
for two days to different parts of 
San Diego to meet with represen-
tatives of different cultures and to 
educate trainees about the various 
cultures in San Diego" as a part of 
these classes, he said. 

Responding to allegations of 
illegal procedures in the arrests, 
Robinson said that officers need 
probable cause to arrest someone. 

Woodson, however, does not 
belie ve that there was probable 
cause to arrest him. 

"It was a question of noticing a 
person who looked different, a per-
son of a different color, and a per-
son that not only knew how to ask 
questions but to ask them the right 
questions at which they would get 
angry," Woodson said. 

Woodson 's suit against the city 
of San Diego will begin on June 29 
at 9 a.m. at the Superior Court of 
San Diego, Department 1_ 

LID 14 
Offers 

Students 
15% off 

Cuts 
by Jennifer 

Gail Johnson/Guardian 

Woodson's suit is scheduled to be heard next month. 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
~ ," hot chocolate! 
HOURS: 11-10:30 Sun_ -Thurs. 
11-11 Frl. & Sot. 

LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd .. Ste. 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

t. .. 

~ 
\ _0. 

,. -\ 101'0 ~" kI .... 'V,1~'" ..... oIM. 
~O' " . " • boO. 

. .,. 

u' 

}-

--------------------

7535 Girard 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

619/ 454-9651 

I 
I 
I 
I 
25% I O F F :~:':'!;, I large frozen yogurt I 

THINKING ABOUT 
SUMMER SCHOOL? 

THINK ABOUT CHAPMAN! 
• Transferable Upper and Lower Division Courses 
• Open Enrollment 
• Small Classes 
• General Education Courses 
• Major Courses In 

BUSINESS EDUCATION ENGLISH 
COMMUNICA nONS PSYCHOLOGY 

------------

YES! Please send the Chapman College Summer School Schedule to me 
immediately! 
Name ________________________________________ __ 

Address 
City , State, Zip _ ___ _ _____ ______ __ 

MAIL TO: Anthony Garcia. Director of Summer Sessions 
Chapman College • Orange, CA 92666 

VoId with any o ther offer. Toppings nat Included. Expires 5/27/90. I L ____________________ ~ 

Hyatt Regency La Jolla 
Celebrates the class of '90 
with a $125.00 
Graduation Package 0 
June 15-17 including 
a celebration bottle 
of champagne 0 

o 

o 0 
o 

o 

o 

o o 

Turn graduation 
into a weekend 
affair with our 
Sunday Brunch 

served m Barcino 
Sunday June 17 
llam-2pm 

5 minutes from campus 
For reservations call 

(619) 552-1234 
1-800-233-1234 

HYATT REGENCyEnLAJOLLA 
3777 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE 



8 FEATURES 

What can you 
do to help con-
serve water? 

Kevin Bellew 
Third First-Year Student 
Bio-Physics 
We're lining the bottom of 
our dunk tank [at the Sun 
God Festival]. 

Stephanie Lieggi 
Warren Junior 
Political Science 
Don't flush every time you 
use the toilet. 

Ted Chi 
Warren First-Year 
Student 
Pre-Economics 
Shower with a friend. 

Tiffany TIsdale 
Fifth Sophomore 
Communication 
We have all our fish in one 
bucket [at the Alpha 
Omicron Pi goldfish boolh 
at the Sun God Festivaij. 

Jenny Tuck 
Muir Junior 
Communication 
Conservative showering. 
Tum the water off when 
you put the soap on. 
I'boco&rapbs and I n&erviewl 

by Bria. Morris 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 21,1990 

Features 
California ' ~ Drou hI and UCSD 

HIGH AND DRY • 
California 
Drought Will , 
Affect County 
And UCSD 
• Story by Becky Rbeim 
GIUU'tlitm Reporter 

On atypkal 
sunny day at UCSD, 
the sprinklers every-
where water the lush, 
green lawns, people 
leisurely wash their 
cars, and buildings 
and sidewalks are 
watered down for a 

cleaning. Judging from this familiar 
scenario, no one would know that UCSD 
and the rest of the state of California are in 
the fourth year of a severe drought. 

Despite the severity of this drought, 
UCSD has not had any restrictions placed 
on its water consumption. 

Today, however, the San Diego Water 
Authority will decide whether county water 
restrictions will be voluntary or mandatory. 

According to Iack Hug, the UCSD 
assistant vice chancellor of Physical Plant 
Services, a 10 percent reduction in water 
use at this uni versity will be implemented 
even if water conservation in San Diego 
remains purely voluntary. 

According to the Water Management 
Program, a water conservation plan fonned 
by Physical Plant Services, UCSD's water 
conservation efforts will begin June 1. 

Many students feel that UCSD has not 
made many attempts to conserve water 
throughout campus - the sprinkler systems 
being the most popular example of alleged 
water abuse pointed out by students. 

One problem, which is the basis of 
student complaints, lies in the fact that the 
sprinklers on campus run during and after 
rainfall. 

However, because there are more than 
300 separate control stations for the 
sprinklers, it is difficult to tum them off 
manually when it rains, Hug said. 

But the sprinkler problem is not being 
ignored, according to Hug. He explained 
that UCSD is slowly upgrading its technol-
ogy and hopes to eventually consolidate the 
irrigation controls into a more manageable 
system. 

Drip irrigation systems have been in-
stalled, for example, in certain areas, such 
as along Gilman Drive. 

Olher conservation effortS' include 
watering the campus lawns only at oight or 
in the early morning, between 6 p.m. to 8 
a.m., minimizing evaporation. The Water 
Management Program suggests using alter-
nate and reduced schedules for wa&erins. 

Drought-tolerant planls. such as the OGII 
OIl the south aod west sides of tbc ~ 
Ceorcr, will be UIed when p-.y ... 

Ed LlmlGuanlian 
The Revelle fountain uses recycJedwater. According to a UCSDwater management 
program starting June 1, no fountains can be used unless the water is recycled. 
are replaced or refurbished. 

Low'-flow toilets will also be installed, 
like the ones currently in the Pepper 
Canyon Apartments. In addition, a water 
awareness program will be implemented 
throughout UCSD. 

total UCSD water. followed by 35 percent 
used by campus instruction, research, and 
service facilities, and 25 percent allotted to 
grounds and landscape areas. The 10 
percent waler use reduction will be taken 
from all of the areas of water consumption. 

Another issue of concern among For every minute that the average 
students lies in the continuing use of the person takes a shower, 10 gallons of water 
Revelle fountain. Under the Water Manage- are used. Approximately 60,000 gallons of 
ment Program, no fountains can be used water a day are used purely by the residen-
unless the water is recycled. Both the tial students of UCSD for their daily 
Revelle fountain and the Institute of showers. 
Americas fountain currently use recycled And how many people like to wash 
water. their dishes, brush their teeth, and shave 

How likely is it thatUCSDwiU sl;Icceed in with the water running? The average 
its 10 percent cut-back? In comparison, UC . student who resides atUCSD uses a total 
Santa Cruz, in its 1988 drought year, insti- of 120 gallons a day. 
tuted a mandatory water reduction. OInsidering that almost half of the 

According to Hug. the UCSC campus, water consumed at UCSD goes toward 
which has similar ratios of consumption to residential use, the gallons of water wasted 
UCSD. used conservation techniques similar by students can go into lite millions. 
to those proposed here, UCSC was successful Perhaps many students do not conserve 
in cutting its Willer use by 20 percent. water because they are not fully aware of 

UCSD uses appro~mately 564 million the severe drought situation due to the 
gallons of water per year. Despite the seemingly carefree use of water through-
growing campus population, the total water out the UCSD campus and Southern 
consumption this year WII tctually slightly California in acncral, 
down from previous yean. . But lOy ..... ~ from the Santa 

Where do the millions of pllons of But.a ami' ..-e likely to be acutely aware 
water per year 101 'IbOHouIinI and Food of tho effecII of tile cIrou,hL CurrentlY. 
Service fiIcilide. COIIIUIIII!' 40 penleIIt of me See WA TD. ... , 

Monday, May 21, 1990 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

WATER: UCSD Plans to 
Cut Back Consumption 
Continued from page 8 
Santa Barbara is most drastically 
affected by the drought. Through-
out Santa Barbara, it is illegal for 
residents to water their lawns, hose 
off their sidewalks, or use sprin-
klers. 

Santa Barbara residents can 
wash their cars only when they use 
a hose with a shut-off nozzle, and 
Santa Barbara employs "Water 
Police" who watch for any illegal 
water abuse. 

However, Santa Barbara resi-
dents are not subject to an official 
mandatory rationing. 

San Diego County also has not 
adopted mandatory water ration-
ing. 

But according to the San Diego 
County Water Authority , San 
Diego's main supplier of water, 
the county must adopt significant 
reductions in water use as soon as 
possible. 

The San Diego Water Author-
ity (SDWA) supplies water to 97 
percent of San Diego County resi-
dents, approximately 2.4 million 
people. 

According to the SDWA, with-
out a reduction in water use of 10 
percent, San Diego would barely 
be able to scrape through this year's 
drought. 

No reduction in water usage 
would also create a desperate situ-
ation for next year, according to 
theSDWA. 

California is at a peak of water 
consumption which is still increas-
ing yearly despite the statewide 
drought. 

How severe is this drought? ]n 
a normal year, San Diego's rain-
fall averages about 10 inches. 

In 1989, however, San Diego 
reported only 3.2 inches. But San 
Diego does not rely on rainfall for 
its water supply - 93 percent of 
San Diego's water is imported. 

Where does San Diego's water 
come from? The authority pur-
chases the majority of its water 
from the Metropolitan Water Dis-
trict (MWD), one of the world 's 
largest water agencies. . 

MWD obtains 55 percent of its 
water from the Colorado River 
aqueduct, and 35 percent from 
Northern California. 

From 1987 to 1988, the overall 
water use in San Diego increased 
from 616,319 acre feet in 1988 to 
665,360 acre feet in 1989. 

One acre foot is 325,872 gal-
lons, or the amount used by two 
average households in one year. 

Features 
Writers 

Have you written a 
story, but haven't been 
paid? Then one these 
scenarios has hap-

pened to you: 
·A check may be wait-

Ing for you. 
• • You have not been 

hired. 
• You haven't signed a 

pay slip. 
Call 534-5226 (Ask for 
James or Doreen) to 

find what happened to 
you. 

The Colorado River , San 
Diego's major source of water, is 
shared between Nevada, Arizona, 
and California. 

Because Arizona did not need 
much water in the past, California 
has been able to use the river's 
surplus. 

However, Arizona is currently 
demanding more water, directly 
lowering the amount available to 
California. 

San Diego may eventually have 
to restrict its water consumption, 
following in the footsteps of North-
em California communities that 
have successfully reduced their 
water usage by 20 percent i n recent 
years. 

Some parts of San Diego have 
enforced water restrictions since 
last year. 

And it may be only a matter of 
time before the rest of San Diego is 
forced to undergo mandatory wa-
ter conservation. 

Ed Lim/Guardian 
UCSD will attempt to reduce its water usage by 10 percent . even if water conservation in San Diego 
remains purely voluntary. 

ow. More affordable than ever. 
University Bookstore Computer Center 
Apple Days Sale May 1-31,1990 

Mac Ua with 40Mb bard drive.· 

$3407 
A 2 ~ diwount will be 

give for 

Monitors 
Moaocbrom. $270 

Color $678 

Printers 

~4OMb bard drive· 

2 78 

Milt: lid wllb 40Mb hard drive •• 

$4427 

Portrait $750 

LaMrWrller IISC $183S* 
LaMrWrller UNT$30SS** 

Keyboards 
Appleuteaded keyliovd $158 

... : .. : 

knboard $87 

For additional information caIlS34-4291. 
Prices effec:live May t -3 t only. Please refer 10 elilibilily MqUirerneru. 



10 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 21,1990 The UCSD Guardian ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT II 

Arts & Entertainment 
Red Hot Chili Peppers' Kiedls 

'We Do It When We Feel Like It' 
By LARA HEISLER 
and JENNIFER YANCEY 
Associate A&E Editors 

"Hey you misler interview/l don't have to 
answer you," Red HOI Chili Pepper Anthony 
Kiedis sings in "Funky crime. " Kiedis brought 
these lyrics to life on Saturday, when Hiatus 
approached him for an interview. Kiedis was in 
town to emcee for the Alpha Kappa Psi Fiesta Bay 
Foot Race so we, in classic Enquirer style, showed 
up at 7 a.m. 10 get the scoop. Kiedis was less than 
excited to see us. 

their shows. The Red Hots don't need publicity, 
and they clearly do not have a fondness for the 
press, so convincing Kiedis that he really wanted 
to do this interview - vacation, at the 
obscene hourof7 a.m., ' back ofa 91X van, 
at lemperatures so low that of the 
tundra - was ~Ulllle"IJIlII 

He resignedly 
terview, on the "vU'''''', 
ridiculousness ... 

The Red Hots nave oc::cn: 
larity since their em1erg1enc< 
Their increasing acceptance. 

forming in smaller venues comes to mind. Kiedis 
reassured, "We'll be playing laundromats, 7-
II's, Taco Time from time to time, but no 
Denny's." 

On a more serious note, he explained, "We 
play all kinds of venues depending on what part of 
the world we are in. If there is demand to play 
somewhere bigger, then we'\1 play it, because it's 
not fair to play someplace small, because people 
can't get in. But we also like to play smaller ven-

'~ - we do a guerilla warfare thing where we 
go up onstage and play." 

Kiedis was notexaggarating when he expressed 
concern about his availability to his audience. 
One thing that separates the Red Hots from most 
other bands is their ability to be both accesible and 
friendly to fans while maintaining the mystique of 

The Red Hot Chili Peppers are the quintessen-
tial nasty boys. Naked, tattooed, long tresses 
flying. funkin ' it up. they personify the frenetic 
energy which can be seen in the slam pit in one of 

ity causes one to wonder ooinPl.. in such a cool band. In the past, the Red 
to be appearing in a Coke 
likes of Elton John and Paula Abdul. 
[Abdul] to dress up like a frog, I 

commercial," Kiedis 

You think you know something about a lip-sneering, fist-
shaking, hip-swinging, motorcycle-straddling, leather-clad 
rock 'n' roll star, huh? You probably do, but make sure we're 
talkin' about the same star. No, it's not Elvis. See if you can 
guess exactly who this dude -let's call him Mr. X - is ... 
1. Mr. X likes to dance alone. As a matter of fact, he wrote a song 
called . 

• 2. ln one music video, Mr. X forces a wedding ring onto a bride's pale 
white finger until he draws blood. What is the name of this song? 

3. Fill in the blank: Mr. X's former band Generation _ was a big 
punk band from England in the late 1970s. (Now, wasn't that hard?) 
4 . Where does Mr. X have a tattoo of a woman? 

• 5. Who was Mr. X's guitarist? (hint: it sounds like one name repeated • 
twice ... kind of.) • 

Clip out the qu iz, and drop it into the envelope on the Hiatus • 
office door in the Guardian oHices, 2nd floor, Student Center. Entry • 
deadline is 5 p.m. on Wednesday. One entry per person. • 
NAME: PHONE #: 

-----. Congratulations to last week's winner - ERIC WYATT • 

• Assorted Vinyl has graciously contributed. 
the prizes for this weekly quiz. • ~ ___________________ J 

mitted. 
"There is a cheez line, 

and it's difficult [to know 
when you're crossing it]. 
Here's an example - we 
just got asked to do a song 
for a Disney film that is 
called 'Taking Care of 
Business,' which is the title 
track to the movie. Ini-
tially, we didn't want to do 
it - we didn't feel that it's 
our thing - but we real-
ized that there is room for 
humor in our music ... so if 
it's something that we think 
is funny, we might do it, 
but we always insist that 
we have creative control 
over this type of thing," 
Kiedis concluded. 

When the Red Hots do 
have creative control, the 
outcome is amazing. The 
most ani mated outlet of this 
creativity is their ability to 
energize a crowd into a 
frenzy while maintaining a 
unique feeling of intimacy. 
As demand for their shows 
is growing by the day, the 
question of whether they 
will be able to continueper-

have been known to go to McDonalds or 
!>aslketll>all with fans. Will this have to come 

"People are offically and formally not 
play basketball with us anymore. I 

lawyer, and he won't allow it," 
Kiedis sarcastically replied. 

"We're just human beings like everyone 
Everybody is a star," Kiedis informed 
don't look at ourselves differently 
did a few years ago. We make music, is 
sacred to us - but we don't look down on anyone 
else." 

The music that they make really does faU into 
the "sacred" category that they share with some 
other alternative/college radio classics. In the 

ATTINTION 

WARREN 
STUDENTS 

W ANT TO MAKE NEW FRIENDS? MEET NEW 
PEOPLE? GET INVOLVED? WEll, IT'S NOT TOO 
lATEI PICK UP AN APPlICATION FOR WARREN 
COUfGE STUDENT COUNCIL AND VARIOUS 
CAMPUS-WIDE COMMITTEES AT THE WARREN 
PROVOST OFFICE OR WARREN COMMONS. 

APPLICATION DIADLINI. 
WIDNI.DAY, MAY 30 

song "Good Time Boys," the Red Hots praise the 
bands Firehose, Fishbone, Thelonious Monster, 
and X with good reason. 

"All of the people in those bands are my 
friends and they're all part of the same sort of 
music community - the underground music 
community - of honest music and there's very 
little of that in the world today," Kiedis explained. 
"It's important that we stick together because 
we're part of a dying breed - we don 't want the 
ship to sink so we try to support each otber," he 
concluded. 

The Red Hots have started a trend of their own. 
Their fusion of funk, rap and is highly imi-
tated. If you've gone to any of the Bands, 
you can probably Hots 'influence 
among the "Imitation is 
the greatest form reason that I 
started to emotionally 

emotionally 
to play like us, 

themselves, the 
artists ranging from Bob 

to Jimi Hendrix. "We 
[to cover] that we truly believe 

music moves us - it's our way of 
showing our respect to people who inspired us in 
their lifetimes, and they are also just good tunes. 
We add our own flavor to it," Kiedis clarified. 

The Red Hots have a flair for the obscene, and 
are often linked with sex. Small wonder, when 
they perform onstage wearing but a sock. Kiedis 

If you have RECENTlY hiMj 
any InIedious or Sexuatt 
T, .. niDBd Diseases. you 
may CJJ8IIy t> EAM CASH 

!lid ~ US ~ 0Ihers. 
FOR FlEE TU1IG. MORE 

NOIIIATICN CAIJ. 

preoccupied with sex. 
These are the boys who 
wrote "Sex Rap" and the 
special secret song. 

When he's not inaking 
music, Kiedis is busy "de-
signing women's under-
wear - you know, bras, 
panties, G-strings,lingerie, 
nipple clips ... " or hosting 
charity events, such as the 
Foot Race on Saturday. 

Anthony Kiedis, center, with the Red Hot Chili Peppers. 

Kiedis didn't host this 
event out of his love for 
college students or frater-
nities, even though he him-
self "was a college kid 
once" at UCLA. He ex-
plained his involvement: "I 
didn't look at it as a frater-
nity event. The reason that 
I did it was because they 
told me it was for Easter 

explained the reasoning behind the sock attire: 
"We do it when we feel like it, but we've been 
doing it less and less. What happens is that people 
begin to focus too much of their attention on the 
sock trick - it is fun, and exciting, and it feels 
good to play naked because it's kind of an expres-
sion of freedom, and the RHCP are about freedom 
- but when people can only see [the sock] and 
not hear the music, it's a distraction." With or 
without the sock trick, the Red Hots seem quite 

Seals, and any time that I can be of service to a 
charity like Easter Seals, then I usually try to make 
myself available." 

Just as the Red Hots' music is difficult to pin 
down to anyone style, Anthony Kiedis cannot be 
pinned down to one stance. Call him aloof, call him 
amiable; think him a pervert or a philathropist; 
revere him as a guru or an idiot. A sense of the 
unexpected is the key to unlocking the complexi-
ties of the Red Hot Chili Peppers. 

AIYI!OI' 
Has the jury come to a 

decision? Unfortunately, 
yes. The Recording 
Industry Association of 
America has announced 
that they'll be applying 
uniform warning stickers 
on albums starting next 
month. The black and 
white logo will be placed 
in the lower right hand 
corner of the album cover 
underneath the cello-
phane wrap. RIAA 
president Jay Berman 
explained that the sticker 
was developed "to better 
assist consumers -
especially parents - in 
identifying material that 
contains explicit lyrics.· 

A national survey by the 
leR Survey Research 
Group found that, while 
seven out of 1 0 parents 
are concerned about the 
influence of rock lyrics on 
their children, nearly the 
same percentage feel that 
people, not media, have 
more influence on shaping 
the values of children. 

Rapper Daddy 0 from 
the group Stetsasonic, 
while favoring voluntary 
labelling, added that "if a 
cassette can change a 
child's life, then some-

s 
thing 's wrong with the 
parent." 

.. .. .. .. .. ... 

Feel the crunch: Frito-
Lay chipped in $2.5 
million to the Tom Waits 
Foundation of Non-
Commerical Artists in 
honor of his awesome 
non-performance in their 
commercials ... well, 
actually, Waits sued the 
snack company for using 
an impersonator in a radio 
commercial for Salsa Rio 
Doritos in 1988. Waits 
was awarded $100,000 
as compensation for what 
he would have been paid 
if he'd done the ad, 
$200,000 for personal 
suffering, $75,000 for 
harm to his reputation, 
and $100,000 under the 
Lanham Act, which bans 
false advertising. Oh, how 
difficult it is to have such 
a distinctive voice that 
people want to imitate 
you ... 

* * .. • .. .. 

The industry's finally 
beginning to recognize 
non-pop , non-classical 
music : NARAS is 
considering including an 
alternative music cate-
gory for the Grammys, 
while Billboard now 
includes a World Music 
chart. Well it's about 
time ... 

- Information compiled 
from Billboard Magazine 

CLIP AND SAVE. 
UCSD Summer Session \ 
has added the following courses: 
• First Session (July 2-Augusl 3) 
Economics 100A: Microeconomics 
Economics 120A: Econometrics 
Psychology 102: Intro. to Sensation and 
Perception 
Psychology 183: Infancy 

• Second SBssIon (August 6-September 7) 
AMES 10: FORTRAN for Engineers 
For further information, phone the Summer 
Session Office at 534-4364 or 534-4365 . 

I I. ·.1 I 

r----------------, 
Nllmher or Drinks (o'tr ~ lwn hOllr period) 
1 1/ 1 n7.~ no proor Ii~unr . 12 07. . c~n or bter 

or " 07,5 . or wine. 

I 
I 
I 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• I 

----~~-.--.. ~--~~I 
6 

I 
• 110t01 

1130101 

I 
• I 
I 
I 
I 
I 0 1 .• " - - 1tI1.--..... .'---... __ ............-or_ 

• I 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• I 
I L ________________ ~ 

D .... Drlvl .. Is ........... c._ 
of ........... 18·24 ye ..... . 

L ~ _ f ;.'I ( " ~ -:. "'.." .., t Sponsored by UCSD campus Alcohol ond Substonce Abuse CommiHee 



12 The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 21, 1990 

• 5 • UCSD --Paid Advertisemellf-
AS PROGRAMMING STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• RESULTS meets tonight, 6:30pm @ Pepper Canyon Lodge. All 
:TO FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS: ,welcome for refreshments, video. & letter writing to lobby for 
• CALL THE A.S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-8433! • anti-poverty aid.Questions? Larry 455-5297 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

A.S. PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE MTG. 
TUES., May 22nd at 5:00 PM 

PRICE CENTER CONF. RM. 8 

A.S. FILM SERIES PRESENTS 

THcWMOf 
THc ~O)[) 

THURSDAY, MAY 24th · PC Theatre 
3 Showings - 6:30, 9:00 & 11:30 ONLY $1.00!!! tix available @tbe Box ore. 

ASSORTED 

******************************** 
IFC SCHEDULE OF EVENTS FOR 

GREEK WEEK 1990 
Mon.,5/21-Mon. Night Football @ Third Field 4-8pm 

(Girls play, guys cheer) 
Tues. 5/22-Softball @Prytell Field 3-7pm &: Greek 

night at the Pub! 
Wed •• 5/23-Talent Show @Price Ctr. Ballroom 7-

Ilpm 
Thur.5/24-Beach Party Dance &: Awards Presenta-

tion @Price Center Ballroom 9pm-lam 
******************************** 

1990 
APSA Talent 

Sw &.Dance 
:.' ice Center Theatre 

, . Sat. May 26th 
show is from 8 to lOp .m. 

dance begins immediately 
er & continues until 1 a.m. 

Talent Show and Dance: 

General Admission 
w/College [.D . 

General Admission 

Warren CoUe.qe StucUnt CounciL 
conHaUy tnvttes you to attend. 

n«ttclttq 

trtday, nay 25 
9 p.tn. UL I a.m. 
ucsn tacuLty CLub 

Hots a'oeuvres 
Semt.- lormaL «tUte 
SID/couples, S5/stt14jles 

Ti.cuf-s avalLable at ucsn &ox olllce. 

teaturtn9 tirst Cholce rtobUe. rtustc 's Cecil Jnc~s 

i)'0'l1.9l1{'E CO'R.'PIJIlLf./Y 19{1J1TE'D 'TO 1J1'EW 
TIlE :MISSIO'J{ 

'IX'E 3ra 1'1£M 01' 1'0W(19{'IX'E 
CSC/JlS'llCS'D C9l'IXO£ IC 1'ILM S'ElJU'ES 
7:00pm · WE/D., May 23ra @'l17.e PC'l17.eatre 

M mission is 1''1('E'E! 

Monday, May 21, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 13 

BULLETIN 
-Paid Advertisement-

.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0 . 0 
GET INVOLVED WITH STUDENT GOVERNMENT!!! 

VARIOUS POSITIONS ARE NOW AVAILABLE 
-:-DIRECTOR OF DEVELOPMENT·:· - Is responsible for organizing & 
chaJrtng a Corporate Relations Development CommJltee to solicit off·campus 
funding sources for sponsorship of AS. Programming/Events 
·:-A.S. LOBBY ANNEX DIRECTOR·:-Pald position-is the manager 
of the lobbying branch of External Affairs. This Director Is an ex-officio 
member of the AS Council & the UCSA. He/she attends weekly AS Council 
Mtgs. as well as weekly Ext. Aff. mtgs., and monthly UCSA Mtgs. Coordinates 
events for the benefit of the enUre student body. Requires 15+ hours weekly. 
·:-A.S. JUDICIAL BOARD CBAIR-:-Pald posltlon- chairs the AS 
Judicial Board, which is the equivalent to the Supreme Court of the ASUCSD 
& resolves AS consUtutlonal cases. He/she also gJves reports to the Council 
on any relevant business. 
-:-UCSA REPRESENTATIVE+Pald posltion-ASuCSD PreSidential 
Rep. to UCSA (Univ. of Cal. Student Assoc.) Attends weekly council mtgs., 
weekly Ext. Comm. Mtgs. Travels to UCSA mtgs. once a mo. to provide 1mput 
to the UCSA Board of Directors. the systemwide student gov't. He/she 
represents the ASUCSD to the UC Regents & Council of Chancellors & acts 
on systemwide issues such as student wages. quality of student life. & Af-
finnaUveActlon. And. coordinates annual conferences. Req. 15+ hrs/wkly. 
·:-STUDENT ADVOCATE+)- represents student concemsoftheASUCSD 
& advises students on their indMdual rights & on campus policies & 
procedures. Attends weekly AS Council mtgs. 
-:-ASST. STUDENT ADVOCATE (3-5)-:+workw /the Student Advocate 
to represent & advise students having academic or administrative problems 
wIthe University. Additionally. Asst. Student Advocates work on broad 
student rights concerns affecting large groups of students. 
-:'SPORTS RELATIONS DIRECTOR·:-- duties Include organizing & 
chairing a Sports Relations Committee. ThiS committee 1s charged w/rep-
resenting all sports-related organizations to the AS Council, coordinating 
sports events w / other programmed activities . & promotion sports activities 
to the AS. 
·:-GSA REPRESENTATIVE-:- -acts as a liaison between the ASUCSD 
& the Graduate Student Association. His/her duty on the AS Council Is to 
represent the view, of graduate students . Attends weekly AS Council mtgs . 
·:-PARLIAMENTARIAN·:-Pald posltlon- is the expert on AS 
Constitution & Bylaws. He/she is Charged w /making sure the council uses 
the proper procedures at all times & is the right hand person of the VP 
Admin. Attends weekly mtgs. as well as weekly rules Comm. mtgs. Requires 
10+ hours weekly. 
·:-MUNICIPAL DIRECTOR·:-Pald positlon- handles all local ISSues 
which concern the health. welfare & housing of our students. He/she also 
coordinates our corrununity outreach program to local town & city councils. 
-:-STATEDIRECTOR+Paidposltlon- lsresponsibleforkeepingEx-
ternal Affairs updated & infoIDled on all the· State's actions concerning 
education. He/she also conducts our voter registration drive. 
·:-AS OUTREACH MANAGER':-Paid posltlon- administers the 
Student Advocates for Undergraduate Diversity Program. This program 
trains UCSD students to go out to local high schools. Jr. high schools. & 
community colleges. & convince students that they should attend college 
(specifically - here!). The Outreach Program also brings students to UCSD 
for a tour. or overnight stays. 

+APPLY IN THE A.S. OFC. PC 3rd FLOOR 
FOR MORE INFO., CONTACT PATTY 534-4450+ 

• 0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0 
The Native American Awareness Day 

\ 

Thurs., May 24th 
Susan Shown HaIjo @ Mandeville Aud. @7pm 

The Wiyaka Dancers @ Revelle Plaza 12- 1pm & 
@ Price Ctr. Plaza @ 2-3pm' 

for more info. , call Lindsay 534-3755 

r 
" 

r . PUB SHOWCASE , ". 
,. 

May 25th @8pm FREE!!! 
.. IMPOSTERS. GANGBUSTERS 

It MORE TO COMEIH ~ 
AnENnON UCSDIII 

The Revelle Watermelon Pageant Is May 23rdl 
Contestants needed to battle for $100 cash prize 

a become the new Queenl 

SELF DEFENSE WORKSHOP 
BLAKE 4 LOUNGE. REVELLE 

MON •• MAY 21st 6-8PM FREE!!! 
FOR MORE INFO, CALL NANCY WAllLIG 0534-5793 

SPONSORED BY REVELLE RESIDENT DEANS A 
STUDENT SAFETY AWARENESS PROGRAM 

0000000000 0 0 0 00 000000 000 0 0 0 0 
Alpha Kappa Psi 

(Professional Business Fraternity) 
Presents 

The 2nd Annual 
COINS ACROSS UCSD 

Wed., May 23rd 8am-3pm 
Proceeds will benefit the Alpha Project for the Homeless. 

Tape will be placed from Revelle Plaza to the Hump, & 
from Central Library to the Price Ctr. 

All you have to do is put some change down on the tape! 
~oooaoooooaooooooooooooooaoo 

aglne this ..• AIDS @ UCSD 
What can you do to help? 

Come to an information session of the 
Thlrd College AIDS Project 

Tues •• May 22nd @7pm at PC Gallery A 
COME GET INVOLVED!!! 

90 10109 

11010129 

13010149 

1 SO 10 1 

Drunk Driving is the leading 
cause at death for 
1 8 - 24 year aids. 

C SAVE 
Number or Drinks (CI'er a teo hour period) 
I 1/. n7.s. 110 proof liqunr. 12 Ot. can of bffr 

or ~ 01$. of "ine. 

2 3 4 5 6 

O (·OI'4-~ Se_ ..... 

Sponsored by UCSD campus . 
Alcohol and Substance Abuse 
Committee 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • • 

: THE BALLROOM DANCE CLUB PROUDLY PRESENTS : 
: CELEBRATION! 

JOIN US AS WE CELEBRATE OUR CLUB'S 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

1ST ANNIVERSARY ON fi!: 
TUES .• MAY 22nd @7:00PM : 

IN THE PRICE CTR. BALLROOM : 
NO EXPERIENCE OR PARTNER NEEDED : 

ADMISSION IS FREE III DRESS UPI : 
• 

• • • 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 



, . 

14 

SERVICES & WORKSHOPS 
MONDAY, MAY 21 

8:30--tO:OO a.m.-Bipolar Groop. This group is for slUdcnLS who have 
been di.,noscd u havinl a Bipolar disorder and ate beinl lrCatal for 
Ame. Issues addrtssed will be copinJ: wim 1M put. present and fUlwe. 
and livin, with or without med""ion. Lcd by Dan Munoz. and UndAy 
Caaderon. ClU Dan at S34·IS79for inf<M"11'tllKln and si,n·up. RevtUe 
College Provost's OffiCt'. 

2:00..3:30 p.m.-Be,inninl Asscniveness Trainin, A 5ttuClured 51A-
session worbhop wher"c pantcipams an: tau,bt specifIC skills lballtt 
dcsis,ncd to ilT'lpf'O¥t their abllil)110 communlcaiC Vlith others. SndenlS 
will be' able 10 distinguiih between agg.re sive, Iluenive. and non· 
luenive behavior. leam to Sly 1'0, and develop prodLlCtivc ways 10 
communicate Ihou,hlS and feclin,s. Led by Equilla Luk.e. 5l4--O249. 
Call F..quilla for inform:tolion. RtveUe Fonnalloun,e. 

3:JO-5:00 p.m.-An,cr Manl,tment Wor-kshop. This worbhop is (Of' 
people woo It'e('Of'lCtmed aboullktir Inger, who have pown riredofthe 
emouonal. interpersonal.Ad physical loll Ihilinitrwes. PankipanlS 
will keep In an,rr journal .nd learn how 10 choose: better Wly5 of 
rxpressin, needs and totvin, problem adl Eyene: 11334-3585 before 
comma 10 the IrouP. HSS 2148. 

4:00..s:30 p.m.- Advanced Awni\lcl\eU Tmininl. An ei&hr.sculon 
fI'OUp (or 51 udenll who have a Good understandinl of the skins of 1s.se.l1ive: 
communication. but h:ave not been :able: 10 succ:t~full)' pnctice lhc: stills 
because of sclf-defcating thoulhtland sclf·,...bouJlOg behaviors. Stu-
denlS will be able 10 explore lhe IhauChts and fetlin,s lhal inhibit their 
practice of lWtnivc communic:uion. Led by EQuili. Luke, 534~249. 
Call Equilla ror informal ion. Rcvelle: Fonnal Lounge. 

4:00-5;30 p.m.-chtcana. HI pank:o ullna SupponGroup. Topks will 
~nclude; 3C8dcmlC mOO valion. stftSS mana gemenl. relationship enhlnce· 
menl. and the chan&inc 10k of Hi~nk: women tn academics. Ud by 
Lindsay Calderon C.:till Und'\lyaI534-l755 (orinfonn:l1ion andsign·up. 
Pritt Ccnler. D:lvlslRivcnoidc Room. 

S:I)O.6:JO p.m.- Biraci.llssues Workshop_ Anel,hl'session \Io'OrUhop 
fOf stude-nu of ntclaUy muted baclegrounds who 'Io'oold like to team 
cffcclive WDYS of dealing with societal pre§:sum 10 idCTlufy as one m.'C 
only. Issues of identity. family and pc:c:r rel:lhonships will be adressed. 
Siudents will pmIClp3t~ in dr1wm& exercises ItId diSCUSSlon5 In '-
suppomvC' environment, Lcd by Crystal Sh3nnon, 334-02S4. focbinaa.l 
end mulliracw ethruc- "ucknUi. Call Crystal for. preliminary appoint· 
mcntbeforecommBlolhe group. GH 1003. 

':0(1.1:30 p.m.-Gay and Bistxu.a.l Men's Suppon Group. We're a 
weekly. informal, oonfidenulIl peer group for uudents who wanl 10 

di5Cussissucsand~conCC'l1l5. Come: lend your,upporl! Drop-insare 
welcome, or caU 334-31S5 formore mformauon. Lcd by peer counselors, 
Marl< and Tooy Pric:e Cen.er. Gallery B. 

6:00-8:00 p.m.-Se:I(Ocfense WorUhop. Build your self conrMknce!1 
Empower yountl" You are Yr'OI'tb defend'"l! Learn Kif defense 
tcchnaqUC5 and opIlOI'ls. Talt I break from 'ludyinC and energize 
yourself. For 1fIOI'e inform:l.iton. eall Nancy Wlhlia. Student Safety 
A .. ·treneSJ Proptn. 534-5193. Blake 4 Loun&e. 

TUESDAY, MA Y 22 

""" 11:08 Loo.-A_ and Subowloe Abu .. ",",CoonKlln,. An 
)'OUconocmcdabou.a ft¥nd buldon·.know whaI.odo? SlOp by and lei', 
saiki ec.:i1iaA.Ncpo!IlIICCI1O, JICCf_nKIo<. Fe< more information. call 

kanne_"5~303S. TCDcan', Ome •• R_IO? 

"IO-II:GO LllSr-A_ and S.bstance A ..... "'"' CountclinS- For 
SIni&ht talk and sniPl an§:WCB.~CICI Mare Winitriu. pecrCWOlCtor, 
AlJO Hall. Room I(HIIOS. 
2:_;08 p.m.-Su< .. Mana,emen. Wor1tshop. This wor1tshop will 
focu. on incrtu .... yourawareneuoflheeffecuof,tr'tu on your U(eand 
lc:aminC skills 10 manage srrt:ss (e.J.. time rnanqernent. rc1au&ion, 
copirive stills). h is ~l1'lCndcd that you participalt: in thil worbhop 
bef.,.. you fod DYerwhelmed w,sh SImS. Led by Kalhy Kasllima. Call 
Kalhy at '34-358~ lor infomt:luOII. HSS 2148. 

2:""':80 p..m..-Gradwuc Men'. and Women's Thcnpy Group. A 
weekly JtOUp rOC' r;ndwue students inlerested in exploring relationships. 
acadtnric/proressionaJ issues, and ~ conccms. Lcd by Miriam 

losupovici~ 534-0255. Fo.- information .nd I preliminary intc:n'iew 
bef~ camini 10 the: crouP. call Miriam. G H 1003. 
1:J0-4:00 p.m.-Alian/Pac:ifK: blander Studc:nu ' Support Group. This 
dIOp-in pwp r, desl,ned SO addrus !he conc<ms 0(.1>< A,lan/PKiflc 
islander students I' UCSD in I probIem-solvin, and supportive ItmOI-
phcn. Jssues.uch.s academic and career oonctms. family :5ystcm.I in 
cultural transition, selfidenlity. and livin, in lwocuilifti as "udc:alSlR 
possible di"' ....... lOpics . Led b)' letnll( M ...... ~)4.)Q3S. Moonolin 
Vtt;W LounJC. 

J:OM:lO p.m.--Oroup for Unmorivltcd and Procrasrinalin& SwdenlS. 
A &.rOUP for saOOenlS who find II difncuh to study or let swted on the 
wnlin. of papc,und who C .. I.lilolSehoolls 1101.1>< p\a<:c fOl' I/Icm IIlIIi' 
mDC . ..... by H .... Pa .... S34-3456. Revelle Provoo'" Omce. 

J ;Jl.5;. p.on.--Copin, Skill, ()"",p. The roaI 0( .hi, po.p Is ., 
IIJldentand some 0( !he ways In whleh emolion~ biloJlcal moods, 
«)jnillvc: attitude. and wue&ies. u weU as behavicnl pauems interact 
ao either autt, 0110 sol\'e problems. This wiIJ be an lCtiYe poop utinl 
lmaJUl' and .......... ,cchniques In poup and I ,,If·l><lp I>0oI: and 
homcwori< bctwuo .. ssioou. Call1l<veny .. S34-649Jo<YvelleasS34-
I7lS ror jnfonnation and a prelimln;uy interview before eomin& to the 
",,"p. 202 WC, Confcn:n« Room. 

.:_:08 p ......... AIaIIooI and S.biwIce Abu .. I'<c, Counodlns- For 
5tmlht talk ar.d .cniPl&nswcrs.tontaC1 Marc Winltrias.. pec:r counICD, 
ArlO Hall, Room I(HIIOS. 

!:oo..6:JOp..IL-ArricaniAmcncanWomen'sSupponGroup. Aninror-
mal JrOUp whk:h meers weekly 10 dilCUu copiel 01 inccrm: 10 Amc...J 
Amaic:an women.. Empttasb is on sharin, thouthu and recUnp about 
she acadcmic:. pcnoIIII and social "peric.- os UCSD. led by Eqllill&. 
I14-Ol49. or OySlai. SJ4.02S4. Moonlain View Loon,e. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 21, 1990 

TheWeekly Calendar 
Illustration~ by Katy Roe 

WEDNESDA Y, MA Y 23 1:)0.4:00 p .... -Drop-in Advisin, Houn. For help findinl de5lr~ 
able pan-omeemployman, dtlenninin, career aoals. Iell'Chinl ror 
jobs orexplorin& proreu~al or pwluate school opponunilies. No 
appoinunent necessary. juS( walk il\, Career Services Cenler. IO;OO-I1 ;JO L ... -La.ina/Chicano Therapy ",",p. This ",",p deals wilh wun; of self-doubc.. and mle,Tltina various &lJ)CC1i of I;vina: 

patenlS, family, 5O(:ial relationships. We will work loward the loal or 
maintainina student productivity. Led by Dan Munot. 534·1579, and 
Reina Juarez, 534-3875. Call ror In(onnarion Md .l,n·up. Revelle 
ProVOSI'S Buildin,. 

1:. 3:00 p.m.-Alcohol and SUbsl1nOC Abuse Peer CouRselin" Arc: 
you concerned lbout. friend bl.udon ' t know whal toOO? Slop by Ind let's 
talk! CeciliaA. epomuetno,peercounsdor, Formoreinforma1ion,call 
Jeanne Manne It 534-3035. TC Dun's 00ice.. Room 109, 

.;OO-S;JO p .... -<Jenenl Therapy ",",p. A I""'f' COf unckrplld .... 
Rudcnu who would like loexplcn lheirlhoulhlStnd (cebn" in a ifOUP 
sellin,. Concerns rommon 10 Sludenu which will be explored will 
include deyelopina adult reladonships with parents. uplorinc relalion· 
ships With peers., and givinl and receiving fctdblck 10 trOOP rJ"Cmbers. 
led by Equilla Luke. 514..(l249. Call rot a bric:fpreliminll)' appoinuncnt 
bcJon: comins to the ,roup. GH 1003. 

6:0()..1:JG p...,.-Lesbi.nand Bisexu.1 Women' l Support Group. We're 
a '*'CCtly, confidential drop-in poop for wornen inlcn:§:Ied in discussinc 
pcnonal concerns and social issues in acomfonabk. supponJ'Ir'e environ-
menL Oropby the Womcn 's Rcsouree Cenler(Price Center). orcllli S34--
2023 0< ~34-31SS ro< """" information. Led by Cheli ,nd S ... 

THURSDA Y, MAY 24 

9:00-11:00 •• ~-Akohot and Substance: Abuse Peer COlIns.:linc. Are 
you concerned lbout. friend butdon ' ( know .... hlllOdo' SlOp by and tel·s 
talk! ~ilia A, Nepomuceno. pccrcounselor. Formoreinformalion.cIU 
Jeanne Ma.nese al 534-3035. TC Dean's Office. ROOOl 107. 

9 :00-11 :00 •. m.- Alcohol and Substance Abuse Peer Counselinl. For 

3:00 p.m.- The Field of Sports Medicine:. Some key players In Ihi. 
field·. pIIyslcallhenplSl, """,",'" Ii.ness coonIinarion, physician 
and pxliauisa - will talle: about mcir W'OI't and the p~paration 
neceiW')' 10 become. professional. Carur Services Center, 

THURSDAY, MAY 24 

1:30-4:00 p. .. -~in Advisinl Houn. For help findin, desir-
able pan' limecmpJoymenl, detenninin, c:uecr aoaIs. sean:hinC for 
jobs or explorina professional or araduale ac:hooI opponunidcl. No 
appointment IlCCCSsary.juSI walk in. career ~ices Center. 

FRIDA Y, MAY 25 
II;OOa.no.-OnClme .. ; I'rIcliein, [n.ervlewln,SkUIL Sharpen 
)'OUr inlCtVtewin& skUls by seeinl and hearinl yourself on vide· 
Ot.pe. Receive fc:cdbeck from OIher job seekers In mis poup 
WOfbhop. Prcrt:quislile: tnreMcwina Skills Workshop. 

1:)0..01:00 p.1I\.-Drop-in Advisin, Hours. For help {incline desir· 
able pan-time employment. dete""inin& career aoaJs, searching for 
jobs orexplorinl professional or cnduate school opportunities. No 
appointRlCnI necessary. just walk in. C&n:er Scrvoo Cenler. 

ORGANIZA TIONAL MEETINGS 
MONDAY,MAY21 

6:00 p.m.-UCSO Green mec:lin,. All Welcome!! ~ Cafe. 

,"u,hllalklnd ,lJ'aighoanswe".COIIIa<t Man: Wmilriss.peercounselo<. HEALTH & FITNESS 
"'go H.II. Room 1041105. 

FRIDA Y. MAY 25 MONDAY, MA Y 2 J 

1:00-3:.18 p.m.- Alcohol and Substance: Abuse Group. If you have: evcr 
asked. "00 I have" problem1" ,chances I\I'C: you do have 4 fcw thin,s 10 
la lk .bout. Led by Dan Munoz lind Equill.Luke. Call 534-1579formore 
infonn:uion. Revclle Provost', Office. 

4 :00..6:00 p.m.-Cimpus Black Forum. An informaldiscussion/suppon 
P'OOP .. hw:h focuses on issues. concerns and experiences lhIl alfecclhe 
qualify oflife ollhe: Amcan/Amerclan communiI)' II UCSD. A problem-
i01vinC and skill·buiklina approach is IlKCi to assist 'tudenl.5 in copinl 

~tlh academic:. social. relationship. and family maners. Led by Phil 
Raphael and CrySllI Shannon. Forodditional information. call '~37SS. 

LECfURES 
WEDNESDA Y. MA Y 23 
7:00 p.m.-The Society for the Advancement or Man.,ement Presents 
"What To Do With An Economtcs Or QE,DS [)epee." Bill Winptd oC 

Career Services will discuss opportunities 
available 10 Jl1iIdl.lltcs and will preaent swis· 
tics Ihowin, how past f;J"Iduates have (ared in 
their careers or in If'IdUAIC schools. ~r 
CenlCl'. 

7;30 p.m.-A Third Colle,. Convocation. 
American technological competi'tlcness in the 
docadcol'~ 1990'L '11...H 101. 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

MONDAY THROUGH FRIDA Y 

8;00 •. m.~:OO p.m.-SIGI PLUS. Sy""ms 
or Interactive Guidance and Information II II 
computer-bascd proa:ram of career informa· 
tion delilncd to help )'00 clarify your skills, 
values and occupational intert.SlS. For rnoR 
in(onnalion, come to Career Services Center. 
Admission: SIO.OO. 

8:0I •. m.-4:lO p.m.-Too little: ome and 100 
much "udyin, 10 do? Maximiu)'OW' ,.udy 
time withoul havin, your studies take c:onuol 
of your life. The O"'::IS Reading and S.OOy 
Skills Program orrers one-to-One personal 
us.btance to improve your skills on time 
rnana,emeDL S.op by USB 4010 0< eall S34-
1344 M) SCI up and IppOintmenL 

8:. L"~;JO p.~AS[S Readin, and 
Srudy SklllJ Cen ... offen one·oo-one Per· 

sonal AssistanCe for Lcamin, (PAL) c:onftmKCl1O improve)'OUr IklUs 
00 the folluwin, sopico: time _. pl-oeuin,. proje<I plannin,J 
and orpnizalion for rac:arch. kclute note<-taJdns. tulbook radin .. 
JX'CI*'in' fore.ums and ICsl·takinl Sll1.te&ieS. PAL oon(m:nces are fTce 
and available by appoinomenL Fo< ""'"' Information, call ,~ 7344 0< 
SlOp by USB 4010. 

8:00~:.JO p.m.-Whether you WlIlllOmCOllC k) edit your paper or 
help you brainSlOfln. ~hoL&n' Writ.inl Workshop ,;an be of lC'I'Vice. 
Ar .... linishUI, your paper. rr.e ... 01 !he compu ..... Is available (Wood 
Puf'ect, Wordstar). Computer iOila'l1tS ate welcome. as.s.iSWICC is 
provided. USB 4010. To make an appoin ...... call '34-1344. 

8;08 Lm.~;JO , .... -OASIS Wri.in. ee. .... oITen rr.e acrvice rOO' aU 
UCSD SIlIdenIS who n-s ","·..nlin. help, <OI1fen:nces on dnftJ and 
celion, IdvK:c. We copee any kind of writin, and any kind or writin, 
problem. Conferences &It by .ppointmentonly. Evtnin, appointments 
are allO available:. (For full ranee of ICrvas, sec: lhe *Ie of lhe CurTenl 
clus ICheduk.) CaU S34-3384 or come by Studenl Ccnrer. Bki,. A. 
Room 214 to make an appoinrmcnL 

8:00 1.m.-4:JO p.m., 4:30-1;00 p .... on Tuetdays Ind Thund.YJ-
The Lan,ull&t ProJram provides USUWtCC to students whose nlnve Ian, .. ,. is "'" Enalish and 10 Ihos< dein, work In "alian. lapanese, 
Spanish. Fn:nch. <krman. He"'w, and _1an,,,,,IC". A dla""",ic 
lest on wrinen EnaJish as. second la"l\l&&( is lva.ilableon nqUCIL Call 
S34-2284 for mono Information. Swdc:n. Cen.u. Bid,. A. Rm. ~14. 

MONDAY, MAY21 

I :J0.4:et p.m.- Orot>-ID Advlsin. Houn. Fe< help f .... ln' desinble 
pan -time empLoymenl, detmninin, career lOlls. ~hi.n, for jobs or 
uplonn, profCJi.ional or Jrachwc 5Chooi opponunit.ieJ. No.ppointmcnt 
OOCCiUl)'. just walk in. ClR(r Services c.ler, 
1:00 p.m.-Errecdve Job Seam. S"''"IY. IlO'l. ofalljob vICancles ... 
unMIvcrtitcd. This worbhop willlC'llCh you the ITIOIt effective wly 10 find 
!hem. c..... Servicu Censer. 

TUESDA Y. MAY 22 
1:)0.4:00 ,. ... -Drop-In Advlsln, Hours. Fe< help flndln. desiroblc 
pUHimc empktymrnt, cie&cnninin, c:arcct JOIIt.. KaR:hmC for jobs or 
e"'pmnl proCQltorW or ~ achool opponuniuCI. Noappointment 
oece .... ry. jUil _.Jk in. Carcef Servk:es Center. 

3:08 p ..... -Menllll HuIsh Grad""," School OpIioos; Counsclin,. Pay· 
c-.y. and 500:ial Work. '"'- an many odoca.ioosl pa.h, ., I 
pmfeSiional c:ueer 1ft I'l'Xn&l1 hc:aJth. Get informatk:ln about preparation 
and admlssM>ns to these propams. Cateet ~kles Cenlet'. 

WEDNESDA Y, MAY 23 
I ;JOp.oa.-TheMatkeoabkResumeWotkshop. I..eam_IOConSlnl<. 
a I&.!.~·tbe.·an ruume thai will make you lUnd OUt from the anwd. 
Carur Services Ccn~. 

10:00Lm,.II:OO 1.m.- SprinJ is ~re. 50 its time to blow ofTdle 
winter-dust and eel your bones wortdn,lgain! Find out how fil you Ilf'C 
whh afru fitness assessmenl from FlTSTOP. Call 534-1 824 or 510p by 
Student Health 10 make an Ilppoinunml. Student He&llh Services. 

2:00 p.m.- Did you hear 1000lihe lUY with S penises? HIS condoms fil 
like ,loves. Come 10 a binh coob'Ollnformation session where we will 
discuss the advantages of every method in I fun and informative atmOS-
phere with a Siudent Health Advocate, SlUdenl Health Services, 2nd 
fioor. 

TUESDAY, MAY 22 

IO: ...... -Who. Is FREE fun and ,cod for you? FITSTOP.oC"""",,1 
This fitneSS evaluation is rel.tively painless and fiUed with a chocIc. full 
of fun activities. PIll some Sludent Health Advocates 10 wort lAd makc 
an appointment at Studenl Health Services. Call j34-1824. 
1:00 p.m.-Su Math? 1 + 1- 3. But ifyou'rec:ducatedin safe 5eA and 
practice it. 1 + I can sti ll equal jUSI you two, Come w a blnh COI1101 
infomlltton IeIIion 10 'cam QU'Rnt facu about all the different methods. 
Sludent Health Services. 2nd floor, 

WEDNESDAY, MAY 23 

11:00 noon. 1:tO P.ra.-Sprinl is in the air and summer is around the 
corner. Are you in lhape 10 keep up wilh the seasons? Find OUI II 
FTl'STOP by JCCU",a/rn fitness lWC'ssmcnt. Call ')4..1824 ordrop by 
Snadenl Health (or an appoinment. 

1:00 p.m.-Even if your KX life isn'l quite Debbi~ dM1 UCSD or even 
jfyou're still I virlin, a binh control information Kssion can provide),ou 
with the bnpocw1l raelS SO that ito{ when you do become sexYlUy ICtive 
you can be pr<pued. conrldtn~ and we. S.udem Hullh Services, 2nd 
fioor. 

THURSDAY, MAY 24 

1:00 p.m..-Fec-F.e- Foe · Fum, 1 smell the blood ofa luy bum! Don'1 
be ,he: objector the &iant'l wrlth Md get I FREE fimess IlSSCSUDen[ from 
mSTOP lOday. Make an Ippoinrnem at SlUderli Health or call .534-
1824. 

1:10 p.m.- Midtermexaminahons ICStinl your head? Come hear how a 
P'oP smear and pelvk: examination tcsU your body. Also learn about 
inleaion pn:vcntion and minera\ n:,ulalion from I S.uden. Heoldl Advo-
ute II • Well Woman Session, Studenl Health Services, 2nd floor, 

RELIGIOUS FUNCTIONS 
TUESDAY THROUGH SATURDAY 

5:. p. ... -Calholic: M .... Spoosored by she camouc SNdenI CDnrnu· 
nioya.UCSD. UniveraioyLuIhcnnOsusclt.mmeroiN. T~ Piacsand 
U Jolla Sbar<s Driw:. 

TUESDAY, MA Y 22 

Il: .. I:OI .......-BitK Study. Cbiistians an bay"" I pal UmeCVCl')' 
Tuaday .......... &11 I Timolhy. W. wiD be in Chapoer 3. Ceme and 
JC1 enc;0IItIJ0d by God's won\. E...,.",.lnvioed. Price Ce_, Ron. S. 

7:tO p.-'-O ...... .-Inl 01 .... Oadscr she Family Insd ..... Univ«· 
~oy Lu ....... Osun:h. acroas she ...... from Revelle CoIIop. 

WEDNESDA Y, MAY 23 

10;OOa.mA;00 p.on.-The 1 .... 1 ac!ivhie.O>rnminee has an Informa-
.ion Table up ia !he Price Cenlt' PIau. Corne and oaIk with Jewish 
saudenu aboutJewilh lI(eon e&qIUI and opportunities (or visionl hrlcl. 

':00 p.m.-Like 10 eal • super IUpper? Join the Lutheran stlldenllf'OUp 
f«,DOd roocland fellowship. E'o'eryoneis welcome! University Lutheran 
Church, across lhe SUttI from Revelle ColleCe. 

7:00 p.m.-Blbae srudy purlUes Fi~1 Peter, ted by Campus P;Ulor John 
Huber. Open 10 am Universily Lulhcran Church. Kross !he street from 
Revelle CoUeJC. 

8:00 p.m.-Inquirers Seminar focuses on "The Scriprures and the Ur-
urgy," pretenled by C.mpus PaStOr' John Huber. Everyone is weJcome! 
University Lutheran Church. across rhe Streel from Revelle Colle .. 

':30 p.m..-CancUelipl Mass. A qUIet. meditalive time (ot sharina 'With 
oIhen. Spoosarod by she ca.hoIic S.ucIe" Conllnunloy a. UCSD. 
Univenhy Lutheran o.ul'th , comer of N. T~)' Pines and La Jolla 
Shores Drive.. 

THURSDA Y, MAY 24 

10:00 .... -1:. p.m.-Jewish Campus Caners Informalion Table in 
ReveliePlau.. Comcand meet Rabbi Ooul SkKnik. direclotofthc Jcwish 
Campus Centen al uesO. This is I way to Jet inronnadon about Jewish 
life on campus. 

5:4! p.m..-Thc:Thursday Dinner. Homemade food and areal company. 
SponiOl'Cd by the CalhoHc Siudenr Community at UCSO, Catholic: 
LounJeat the University Lutheran 0IUJ'Ch, cornc:rof N. Tom:y PlAUand 
La Jolla Shores Drive, [)ona.don: S2.OO. 

6:00-7:. p.m.~S. Lewi, wrote many provocative miniS for Chris-
lians. Join us as we discuss the final chapters fo Scrt'r4lt4pl/~IN!I'J. and 
then move on the rite FourLove$ , ThiseveninJ discussion is sponsored 
by .... Unilod campus Mini,orr as UCSD. Bid,. 1502 MAAC. 

7:30 p.m.-Bible Study - Episcopal coneae studena. Weekly Bible 
Stud)' and monthly events. Info; Fr, Bill Mahcdy. 36S-6661. SI. 
E1iu.beth '. church. 2825 Merton Ave., San Diego. 

FRIDAY, MAY 25 
7:00 p.m.-Shabbat Service and Dinner with One,. Students orpniu 
wann and intimate epliwian Shabbat celebrations. Mandeville Suire. 

SUNDA Y, MAY 27 

.;00 L .... 10:. a ..... -Eplscopa\ Chusn:h Worship Service: S.nday 
Euc:hariSI andParish f.\Iowship. GoodS._il .. Epheopalehun:h.4321 
EastpI< Mall. 

8:311 ...... 5:t11 p. .... "10 p.a-CI1ho11c MaiS. Sponsored by .... 
calholic Swdc:n. CommunI'y as UCSD. Univenlly Lu ....... ChurdI, 
corner of N. T~ Pines and u Jolla S ...... Drive. 1_ La-Ouloar fo\k mass _ .... by .... Lu ....... <:<>nor.-i'y as 
UCSD. E~ is ...ux..1 University LudteTln Cud, IaOU the 
_ from R ..... 11e Colle,.. 

MISCELLANEOUS 
WEDNESDAY, MAY 23 
. ;OOL ... -3:t11p._AlphaKappPsl_.he_Annua\CoiaJ 
Aaoss UCSD. ProccaIs _. the Alpha Project for .... _lea. 
Tape wiD be p_ frum _Ie ...... 10 .... Hump and "... CcaIroI 
LiInry 10 !he Price ee. ..... All you have 10 do Is puS lOme dian,. down 
00 .... ..,.1 
1;Jl.3:tO p.a- Sheila Tobiu. ProCeswr of Polidca\ Scien<c, will 
discuu "PoII·Ftminism; Whal is 111 Who Inv.n .... i.r' n.. coffee and 
cookMIl All We5oome. Womeft'S Resource Center. 

Monday, May 21,1990 

TRACK 
Continued from page 20 
events, they'll be All-American if 
they perfonn like usual," Stanforth 
said. 

Perhaps the Tritons' best hope 
for a first-place finish is Shannon 
Quigley, who has the nation's best 
throw in the shot put. She also has 
the number two marie in the discus 
entering the meet. 

In addition, Quigley, ajunior, is 
the defending national champion 
in both events. 

UCSD will also bring discus 
throwers Rachel Beerman and 
Shelley Squibb to the national meet 

If all goes as planned, the Tri-
tons could claim three of the top 
five spots in that event. 

Stanforth is also enthusiastic 
about the chances of sprinter Erica 
Washington in the 100 and 200 
meters, and the 4x I 00m relay, 

Washington will be aided in the 
4xlOOm by teammates Yvette 
Marzullo, Vicki Dunckley, and 
Michelle Milledge. 

"If Erica matches her earlier 
times, she should be in the top five 
in the 100 and 200, and our4xl00 
team should be up near the top 
also," Stanforth said. 

The women's contingent also 
includes high-j umper Susan 
Christy, along with long-distance 
runners Michelle Conlay (quali-
fier in the 3000, 5000 and lO,OOOm) 
and Denise McFayden (qualifier 
for the 3000m). 

On the men's side, the Tritons 
only bring four qualifiers, but Stan-
forth is still optimistic about the 
squad's chances. 

"We should definitely do a lot 
better than last year (a five point 
team total) and could score be-
tween 20 and 25 points," Stanforth 
said. "That would be good for about 
a tenth-place showing." 

Just like last year, the Tritons 
are extremely strong in the throw-
ing events. 

They go into the meet with the 
nation 's top hammer-thrower Scott 
Sargeant, and the number three 
man in the discus, Paul Cogbill. 

Sargeant also has the nation's 
eighth-best effort in the discus this 
year. 

"The men should get most of 
their points in the throwing events, 
and it would really boost our point 
total if either of them wins," Stan-
forth added. 

Triton runner David Myers has 

Nomads Face 
First Division 
German Team 

The San Diego Nomads will 
face the 1988 First Division Euro-
pean Cup Champions from Ger-
many Wednesday night at Torrey 
Pines High School. 

Kickoff is set for 7:30 p.m. 
The Nomads feature several 

UCSD ties including Head Coach 
Derek Annstrong, who is also the 
UCSD men's soccer head coach. 

Among the players featured will 
be fonner Triton star Mike Bra-
dley, who i now thecaptain of the 
Nomads in just his second season 
with the learn. 

Bradley has comple1ed hi . four 
years of college::l1e athletics eligi-
bility but i till attending UCSD. 

an excellent chance to win in the 
800m, as he boasts the nation's 
fifth-best time heading into the 
meet. 

"The 800 is going to be really 
close this year," Stanforth said. 
"There are a lot of guys who have 
very similar times. I think Dave 
will be right in there at the end." 

UCSDalso brings long-distance 
runner Merrill Hora to Naperville, 
where he will compete in the 5000m 

The UCSD Guardian 

for the Tritons. 
In the men's team competition, 

host and defendi ng national cham-
pion North Central College looks 
strong again, and Lincoln Univer-
sity should also be in the running to 
win it all. 

"No one ever really dominates 
from year to year on the men's 
side, like Christopher Newport 
does in the women's," Stanforth 
said. "Any of a number of teams 

ACUPUNCTURE.AcUPRESSURE·HERBOLOGY 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Prevent Unnecessary Surgeries 
Avoid Taking Drugs 

Restore Health & Vitality 

",In 
stress rei., 
fatigue 
sports Injury 

IIddlctJons 
mhma 
PIIS 
mlgranu 

Most UCSD Insurance Acceptable 
(close proximity to UCSD) 

(619) 275-3851 
Doctor of Oriental Medicine, P. Margaret Wells 

could win this year." 
According to Stanforth, the two 

teams are better prepared than ever 
for this year's event because of the 
unusually high level of competi-
tion the Tritons have been running 
up against all year long. 

"Our people have gone against 
some of the best athletes in the 
world this year in some of our 
meets. 

"They won't be intimidated by 

LaJolia 
(Q)m<e 

SPORTS 15 

the people they'II be competing 
against at nationals," Stanforth 
said. 

In addition to this, Stanforth 
feelsthatUCSD'srecord 14quali-
fiers will help to ease the stress for 
individual Tritons. 

"All of our team will have a lot 
more moral support than usual, 
and no one will feel like they have 
to win it all by themselves," he 
noted. 

Open 6 days a week~ &;~e fislllinlK 
Daily Specials 
Monday - 10% oft video transfer 
Tuesday - 25~ reprints 
Wednesday - 2nd set of prints FREE 
Thursday - 99~ 5x7's 
7523 Fay Ave. (Vons Cemer) .£ 
·459-0696 

educnlion: tl choice & tl fulure 



16 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Classified advenlslng Is sold In 15-word 
Increment •. TIle rate per 15 words Is $1 
lor students (personal usa only), $3 for 
laculty, s~, and organlzatlona, and $4 
lor others. Payment In advance" required; 
therefore, ada mUll be mailed with a check 
(made payable to T1te UCSO GIMrdMn) or 
presented In person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. 
TIIuraday for Monday'. paper and 3 p.m. 
Monday lor Thursday's paper. The 
Guardian reserves the right to reluse any 
advertising Including but not limited to 
companionship ads. For more Information 
cell 534-5416. The Guardian. UCSD, II-
016, La Jolla, CA 920113. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI J.wilh 
CsmpusCont.rsprovideswannth.odocatlon.pnlyer. 
socializing. Con""'" wi1n Union 01 Jewisl\ Studemsl 
502 Maltha ... : east ollha Price Cenlor. Cell P.abbI 
Slolnlci<. 534-2521 . (4/2-617) 
SchOlatahlpelG...... for COIItg. area available. 
Millon. go unclaimed Y'8I1y. Celll·8O().3J4.3881. 
(4112-617) 
Wrillng help I Prof.sslonal. privalt. mool your 
deadine. yo<.Irconvenl..-ce.money backguarantH. 
Jim 481-18'0. (41'2-617) 

Grad·N~. Party lIVIc's 7825 Fay Ave. Champagne 
• Drink spocialsS3/grads. S5IOlhe<. g·2a.m. Otejly. 
(512'·5124) 
AKPsi Presents CoIns Across UCSD. Show suppon 
for San Dlego's Homole ... May 23. (51'7·512') 
Models (Iemale.) wanled for modIl search '90 
contest Winner WIll receivi 8 frH professional 
modling portfolio. Small reglSlraliOn fae. Call Usa 
Studio 5' '484-8863. (512'·5124) 
RAFT THE RIVERS OF THE WESTII Cataract 
Canyon oflha Colorado. Ih. Yamps Gr.en. GOW1\h 
Hatch who waslhe first 10 run lhe Middle Fo"'otlhe 
Salmon In '9361 Good rale •. 8OOf.l42·8243. (512') 
DISSERTATION COMPLETiON WORK·SHOPS. 
Indvidual and group sessions. For InlormatJon call 
the Postgradual. Group 692·0966. (5I2Hlf7) 
H.re·. lhe hook: Humanities Worl<shops will help 
you. Brainstorming. organl1allon. collabOration. 
imerp<eting TA ccmmenlS. FrH ccffee 100. Come 10 
USB 402OA. Wednesdays. 6-8 p.m . ... call534-2284 
for more Information. (512'·6/' ) 
Earn Mastercard regardless of your credit 
background. maka $500 a weak In yo<.Ir free tima 
h,lping olhers ,am Iheir Mastercards. 297·2310. 

I 

SERVICES 
()jga Bon Electrologlsl . '200-'500 hairs per hour. 
325' Holiday Court. St\Jdenl diSCO<JnlS. (6'9) 558· 
4644. (6'9) 226,'962. (4130-617) 

PAPERS TYPEDI Oulck & affordable' S2/Iypad 
_ .spaced page. Call W Colony Resumes & 
Prolesslonal Typing SaNices. 455-8357. One-day 
saNtee availabte Laser Printing I Choice of 35 
typestylesl (412·617) 
Rent·a·braln 24·hr. writing lutor, outstanding A· 
student UC grad save this numbet'l Make deadlines 
Jim 481 · '810. (41'2-617) 
TYPING ·11'00 .. 1. lerm. Ph.Os. Legal. All format .. 
RUSH JOBS. MARIE 93' ·9596 
(41'2-6/7) 

SUrflng · finally do II. fun. sal •• 20 years experienced 
ilaguanl. water safety inslruct ... 48' ,'810. (4112·6/ 
7) 

WORD PROCESSING. ,erm papers. experitnced 
dissertations. 7 day. a wHk. 4.0 Engtish Sl<ills. 
.. lerencos 755-2683. 
(4/26-617) 
WORD PROCESSING · Slud.nl pape" and 
resume .. Laser prinling. Fast and reasonabl • . Call 
Inpu1iOutput. 535-30'0. (4130-617) 

Word Processing· any size. pick up & dOivery. Fast 
,umaround • Call Sandy 755-43'6. 
(4130·617) 

.... In'o.h Repelr • upg_: Componem level 
repair. FREE estimate .. WHkend Sarvioa. (Mac 
, 2815' 2IP1u. Power $89). Memory upgrades ALL 
Maca (Mac 12815' 210 PruSSlartS@$210). Pick,uJll 
OOivery. 456-59'6. Compufix. (513-617) 
TYPING II I'll type your lerm papers ate. qulCI<Iy and 
InexpanSively. Lasorprin,er. Cell Jonnifer:558-6090. 
(513-513' 1 
Pragnanl? Confusad? Consoder open adopflon. Afl 
lhe choice. are yours. FrH confidential counstllng 
available. 24 hour pnlgnancy hotine. Cell,o reach 
someone who cartS aboUt you. 279·381, . (5I'~5I 
2') 
-------------------ALLERGIES? Aslhma. hay It .... I10piedtnntniS? 

Free physician's exam and madicaliOn lor very long 
lerm refiel. Now. saf •• FDA approved I .... Smail 
componSllion. Shortl8st. Phone 2n·2740. (5110·51 
291 

Wanl a job? Wa make yo<.Ir rtsume so great they 
can' resist hiring you. Cail278-84' 6. 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISIS~ 

WE'VE GOT 
TIl CURE I 

FREE 
COMPACT DISCS 

& TAPESI 
TRADE IN: 
YOU GET: 
TRADE IN: 
YOU GET: 
TRADE IN: 
YOU GET: 

6 CASSETTES 
1 FREE CO· 
2 CD'S 
1 FREE CD· 
2 TAPES 
1 TAPE FREE· 

' No I,m,'. on approval. u>eel CO's and Japes 

~ Music Trader -2 locations 
~ 7094 Miramar Rd ., Miramar Plaza 
.."",.;, (corner of Distribution) 693-1469 

5728 EI Cajon Blvd . 265-2274 

TyplngIWord Prooauing: Acad.mic manuscripts, 
pope".lhe .... 1.11.". resume •. Fut Service. Mary 
Ann 452·9439. (51'7·513') 
TyplngIWord PreclOsing plcl<·up and deliViry 
avaiiablo. Fast .. rvIce . low ral ... Call Ail. 931 · 
7857. (51'7·5/2') 

TyplnglWotdProcessing. Term popors. manuoctiptL 
Reasonable. Call CaRlL 294·7172. Campus drop-
oll!pldcup. (5117·512') 
DYNAMIC BEUYDANCING DUOI available lor 
spodaIe""nls : call Jay_ha and Thea 558-0938. 
(5117-617) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal Copy. Only 
$5.95. While you walt. Xerox •• and more. Near St. 
Germalna. 452·9948. (512'· 6f7) 

WANTED 
Eam $75.00. Subjods wanted tor a study on lhe 
elfoct. of alcohol. "you ana a UCSD &tudenl or non· 
academic staff . Amtricen bom malo 01 entirely 
Japanese, Chinese, or Korean descent, ca.U Scripps 
CIt*:andR .... ...ean::hFoundationtormollllnformalion. 
554·2'92. (4/2.617) 
UNHAPPY? FREE r .... rch studio. evaluating 

~n. are avtliablo to paop4o IUtlering lrom 
dep<ession. Symptoms Include sad..... Iatlgut. 
gui • • loss of Interest indally actlvitle •• and dlHiwftles 
sleeping. eating, and concentrating. Suhabll 
volunteers receive free medtcations. lab tasta, 
physk:als and psychiatric evaluation. '8 or older. 
Free SflJdles also available for panic. Cell The 
Feighner Research InSliM. at 464-4300 Miondly • 
Friday '0 a.m • • 4 p.m.(4126·617) 
Housecleane ... window wash.rs. $7-$, 4Ihr. 8-25 
hOUr week. fltx . punctual. professional . reliable car. 
must have some .xperience. must we'" Ihrough 
summ.r, good references. 259-87311 M-F ,2p.m· 
Sp.m. leave message. (4126-617) 
We aralooking tor models interested In free haircuts 
and oonsuftations. Please call 486·8700. (4130-51 
3') 
Broken MKlnto.h oqulplMnt wanled lor CE 
student. Wiling 10 negotiate. lracle. Call 535-0930. 
(513·617) 
SUMMER WORK $9.85 10 start. NatIonal Rt,all 
chain fi~ng '9 oporing. In San Diogo county. No 
exparionoe requ;rad. Scholarshipsavtllable. Nodoor 
to door ... phone ..... involvad. ""'SI apply now. 
may &tart all., finalo. Call 9-5 p.m. Clalremont 483-
4055. Encinitas 436-8634. (517-6/7) 

SlUdantSlnttnutedir1 sharing local. SECURE storage 
unit and expense. for Intire summer only (I .•. Jun.· 
Septombor)Noed8-,O,odoso. Sariou .... spondents 
only: Bobb\l: 452·, .79 tor delails. (517·512') 
85 people seriously imerested In losing weight. 
SUmmer is COming!! Act nowlllynn 279-4265. (517-
5121) 
Eam $500 - $2000 peri·time. par monthl WolI< your 
own hoUrs! Naad .nergetic peoplel phona 224· 
8529. (51'4-&'7) 

Are you iool<Ing lor a job Ihal will pay f ... your room 
withoul leaving you bored?1 VOTER REVOLT. 
CaIfornia·. Iargo$\ pt.Cic Interest organizaIIon. is 
now hlnng campaign staff 10 wOO< on lhe most 
swooplnglnsuranao ... tormainoaProp. IOJ.Salarted 
positions.. No e.perlence n~uary. Training 
provided. Advanoamtntopportunitits. S22~ 
on campus I""'Mows 5117, 5/2It, !1125 Cell (619) 
299-0540. (51'4.51241 
NER TAMIO. a co_ ay_ln Rancho 
_ _ toeche .. tor Its alitmoon and 

MAKE EVERY DAY EARTH DAY. Summer 
campaign. lor the ''''';",",""111. Earn $2500-$3500. 
Helppus theCieanNr Ad. tighten ptIIicIdooontrols. 
promolO ~htnllvo ...:ycIIng. Wo'" aval_ 
'8state'.l<a1a 8OOI75-EARTH. (5117-817) 

SUnday rellglou. school. Send resume '698' Via 
Tazon. SUttG. San Oiego. 92' 27. ATTN: InaLOIIIn. 
(51\7·512,) 
BUSINESSIMARKETING STUDENT FLUENT IN 
JAPANESE lANGUAGEICUSTOMS. Aaliltlnllor 
real .SllI. projOCt with poI.ntill cane., luture. Call 
lor Int.rview. Ms. Sall<o 456-5599. (5117·5121) 
SUMMERJOBSTO SAVE ENVIRONMENT • EARN 
$25()().$3500. _nat campaign pooitIonllO pus 
Clean Air Ad. stop loxic poIlution. tighlen ~ 
controls I: promote comprehensive recycling. 
Avallablt In 18_es & D.C. lmvwI on eotmpu& 5130 
& 5/3, . Gal KIIe 1011-"" a11-800-7S-EARTH. 
(5I\7.6f7) 
ModelS (f_) wanted tor model IHICh '90 
cont .... wiMer wiN _va • f_ profeuional 
modeNng portIoIIo. Small registration fM. Cal U .. 
Sludio 5' _ . (512'·5124) 
Poer oou_ to wort< I '/2 plus yea .. In on· 
campusReoovarlnglromEatingDlsordll .. program. 
Noed woman who have had prelliou •• xptrttnce 
r"""voring tram on eating daordor. Con1ad: Btwrty 
Harju 534·2237. (512' ·51291 
Excltlng upbOII .- oompany IS _ng for a few 

se~ motivating people 10 make money by helping 
people .. va rtIOMy. Earn whal you thl"" you .... 
worth andwori<_n" _reyou wish. Foranappl. 
pltase cal 751-7380. (512' .5/3,) 
WANTED: Infant care In my oat Mar home. Wed & 
Sat .• own car. Stan 6/23. 755-6'72. (5121-7/2) 
Ouldoor summer jobs we'" with STUDENT 
PAINTiERSgreat wages. caN Mike 587-0429. (5121· 
5124) 
SUmmer ..... positions avtliablo lIlocal computer 
salts and oonlUltlng firm. Positions available in 
marketing. product ne_rch. CADO drafllng. and 
computorprogrammlng. Great hands on expelfence. 
Call Dave 295-8646. (512' ·5124) 
Micving 10 Photnl. @ end 01 school. LooIIIng lor 
someone 10 share oost of rentallruck. Call Elliol @ 
558-0315. (5121·5124) 
OutsIde. on the besch. food .. rvice positions. Part 
Ilmeilull Ilmi. Rason Activitl •• Co. Gail 454-7302. 
(512,·5/3') 
Part time ........ needed for bellJ1ilUl rttirem.nt 
home In La JoIIt. Excellent worl<ing condition. with 
fIt_lcht<lIlng. F_ mlals .... provided 11 ... 11 
as bOnu .... Call Jo .. ph W·Sun " :IX).7:30 45(). 
52n. (5121·5124) 

Alach So-'locaIed In Cartsbad,ls in immedlale 
noed of psn-time we"'ers for Technical Phon. 
SUppon. Pays 56.00thour. H.1p customers leam 
how to use our software. Be 8 troubklshooter. 
Technical background & good communication skiNs 
required Knowledge 01 Word Perfect will he~. 438· 

~4 regarding position. (5,'21) 
Now hiring Intlmatlonal House newsfetter edi1or. 
Compensatlon • room in I house. Job 111082. 
Deadline 5124. (512' ·5124) 
Now hiring Fifth Collegt ·Lodg. Program 
Coordinator: Compensation · room In Pepper 
Canyon. Job "'081. Ooadine 5124 (512', 
5124) 
Looking for a fraternity. sorority. or studenl 
organlzationlhalwould Ukelo ~ $500-".000 for 
a one _ on-aompus matkatlng project. ""'st be 
organlzadand _ng. ElzeMh K. or Joanino 
II (800) 592·2'21. (512') 
SecreIary • port time , ()., 2 hou_k • ccmpuler 
• rparienoa. _ recoIvIbIt. bIIIIng.ln&uraIIOe. 
colltcllono. __ • phone and Interpersonal 
skills. catt 568-7400. (5121) 
ATTENTION · HIRING I Govammelll jobo • your 
araa $17.84CHtIII.485. Cal ,.eo2-838-88115 Ext. 
R·, S, '3. (512') 
ATTENTiON· EARN MONEY READING BOOKSI 
$32.00ClIyUr1noome potential. Detailo (') 602-838-
8885 Ert. 1lk·18' 13. 

Computers 
LA JOLLA 

UCSD SPECIAL DISCOUNT 
INCLUDES: 
. 2 DRIVES 
. 640 M EMORY 

----
----
- ----

PRINTER 
• 1 YR WARRTY 

~ ~ :~E: 
COMPATIBLE 

• SOFTWARE Complete System 

Anything 
you need CALL 454-5544 

1110 T arrey Pines Road SUite A 
La Jolla. CA 92037 

Ouanlltles limited 

_:E m 
Financing & luslng Av.,lable 

Monday, May 21, 1990 

FREE TRAVEL BENEFITSI AIRLINES NOW 
HIRING I ALL POSITiONSI S17.5O().$58.24O. Call 
(')602·838-8885 Ext X·,8, '3. (5121) 
FREE TRAVEL BENEFITS I CRUISE SHIPS AND 
CASINOS NOW HIRINGI ALL POSITIONSI Call (') 
602·838-8885 Ext Y·18"a (512'1 

FOR SALE 
A Iuton & framo u..- $95.00 Can doiVlr. 268· 
08'4 (4130·5/3,) 
SUrfboardt: 6'3· Nav. 6'3· G~flln Ihruate ... E"""llant 
oond. $1 70 each. 6'" RUSI)I $' 30. Cal 454·5996. (51 
'0-512') 
WatlU~. and sprtnglUil • bOoti .... O·Ntill. $95. 
S65. and $10. Allln~1I ohape. 452·981 9. (5114·51 
2') 
AIdu.lr .. hand V.2.0 for MacIntosh. Nave< opened. 
Cost 1375. sell $3OOIo.b.o. Michelle 53!;-8230. (51 
'0-5129) 
Fo ..... : Beornoon algn. (Michelob Dry)S80.00 Cell 
457·368' (51'4-512') 
Soling: Sharp CD pIOy.r, sao. Commodof0-64_ 
drive. Slar NX·, O printer. _0 • make offer • 
Malth.w 792·9573. (5114·512') 
Futon and 4-posltlon wooden frame. brand now 
$98.00 Delivery available. an • . machine 535.00 289-
8304. (5114·51241 
Bridgeslone Oosort DualerTlro. (4) 33x,25R'SLT: 
$'00.00: White Convas Top lor SUzuki Semural wi 
frame (usad , _I 575.00: Samurai Bra (BIac:f<I 
Red) $50.00: Samurai Visors & r.arview mirr ... 
$25.00. 543·3725 (51'4·5129) 
ToyolaCorOlla FX. '987. 3-door. auto.NC. PIS. PI 
B. AM-FM. E.cellenl. Must ... 11. asking $5000. 558-
0547. (5117·5124) 
K2 TRC'95 Skis. MarkerM46R binding. $350. Uke 
now. usadtwice lighlly. Oakley Razorbiades.orsnge 
uofdium and amber len •. $, 00. Simon 55fI. 7005 (51 
'7·5124) 
ATTENTION : GOVERNMENT SEIZED VEHICUES 
from $'00. Ford • • Mercado • • COMII ... Chevy •. 
SurpkJsBuyersGuido. I-602-838-8885Ext.A·,S113. 
(512') 
Ftndtr P·B ••• $290. Ibam .. Road .. ar $190. 
Yamaha AoouSlIc 90. Yamaha TX50Amp $'SO. All 

~h caMS. Must .... oxoallentoondl1lon. All played 
by EcI<t. Van Haltnll call Bobby '5!Hl704. (51'7·51 
2') 
Wegner Painl sprayer. ftko new unique opportun~ 
10 make money $450 o.b.o. 755-5128 Phil (5117·51 
21) 
Bowie· ONE tid<eI lor sale ,81h row. DodgerSladium. 
May 26. Paid $'50.00. asking tor $85.00 o.b.o. 
Comact Marian at 452·3055. (5121·5124) 
Beautilul homo for rentllalal WII<ing dst.nce to 
UCSD campus. Sae display ad below for details or 
caM Dr. Mic .. al 452·'734, (eve .. 457.(809). (51'7· 
512'1 

Walerbed lrame. mirrorad _. padding. '2 
drawers. excellent oondl1lon . $'00.00 Indyra Tueal 
Thu" 1~3 p.m. 534-0829. (5117-et7) 
Ford Thunderbird V-8 . '983. Maroon. Exotlltnl 
Ihroughout. Aulo 0"'_. Crul ... Air. AINFW 
Tape. _arch _as Iorcel salt. $2.500 tor 
QUid< .. Ie. Joe: 534-4S03 (Day) : 259-0078 (NIght) . 
(!!I2HI24) 
Futon, fuN size ~h frame lor bad ... soia. $100 • 
Martin 558-81160 (or_~). (512') 
HP .. , series card raadar. Eroallent condition. 
1_. m.ny cardt: math. englneorfng. $90. must 
...N. 2no8784. (512') 
MuSi soli . Gibson L.s Paul SIUCIIo Gu~ar. Doep 
midnight bluo. Ere. ccnd. $4SO.00 1_ hard 
case. 2 powar cords. & bo .. dislortion per:Ial. Call 
T.J. 0 271-8593. (5121) 
Yamaha CDX620 CD-player •• rceptional sound. 2 
monlh •. Ust S6OO. sale $400. call Chuck 458.Q66'. 
(5121·5124) 
Mlili VaniIUtickel. · Spens Arena · Mey 25 6:00 12th 
row (floor) ~h Young Me 538·'048. (5121·5124) 
OldsmobIle OoIiaSB Royale. '74 rnodoI.drt_grNI. 
look bed. Mu .... N $5OO/bast olfer. Mortin 558-8960 
(or itave me_I. (5121) 

2 Fosgalt 8" SubwooIa .. $'OO. 86 Yamaha AIv.50 
Scooter. $400. Cell Don 729-82!>,. (5121·5129) 
Yamaha '86 F2600 IMatI blue ~h gold rtma. Vory 
cItan· summef. comIngl $27SO CM. 558-'828. (51 
2'·5124) 

HOUSE 
FOR SALE RENT 

La Jolla Woods 
1 m'" south of campus 

next to YMCA I 
Single-level home on a corner lot, 
beautilul private garden, 3· 
bedroom, 2112bath, with den. 
Great pride 01 ownership makes 
this home a pleasure to show. 
Pool, tennis, lovely grounds, walk 
to campus. Rent $2,400/month, 
Sale for $559,000. Call Dr. Moss 
at 452-1734, evenings 457-4809. 

Monday, May 21, 1990 
85 Mllsubllhl Mirage Turbo NC Codt-alarm.1inled 
windows. Ioworad ...... Enkel whHIs. 63.000 mi. $3500 
458-592S. (512""'24) 
Racing blcyclt: Sfmoncinl SLJ( 56 em. Full Dura·Aoa 
Sf • • Mevlc. Vinona. , month old. Ron 558-8448. 

Sof. (Iold. out 10 siMp 2). Maka offer. 755-5856. 
Anytime. (5129)) 
MiIN VanliN with Young Me & D. Mob. 5125. S.D. 
Spo'" Nena. 3f1oortix: alaoSltvie B. & SaducIIon. 
8/23/110. row '0. _ ,&2. 528 ... 8111-558-8636. 

HOUSING 
0Wi. _. non...,.,king 38 Yr. old lamale n_ 
hcMJoIncI tram $-2().1IO 10 6·9, _ doing Inttrnt/IIp In La 
Jo1It. V.", 91H94·7126. P.O. Bo>< '594. ChIco. CA 
951127. -.ago 916-3<3-3290. 

3 bdrm condo. 2 Iingit. , MaslOr adrm 10 sh ..... 2 bath. 
pool. tacuzzI. security. wuher~r. dI_r. lingle 
3501mo. 1/4"-,. I .. last. oo..tlIt3OO/rno. 1/4U1i1i1lta. 
1/4 _ 'tt and Last. CIII Mike 450-1910. 

Room. BoanS. 1IIIory. fO( _ntng. -.. child cart 
(Boy. 9) FOmale nonsmotoar. 001 Mar. 481-e115. 
Roommatell need8G:Avllltabtl 61' 4-9/ 1 , Own room and 
batt> al laJoIe PoInl ApIa. ne ... UTC. $4, 51ing1t. '/2 
utilities or S267.SO double + 113 utiIIdel each. Mlch .... 
535·8230. (5110-5121) 
Two rooms available June 1 $325 each + 1 f3 utillbel. 
Between Von •• nd B6g Bear. Janet 546, '309. 

Wonted· Two people malo and/or __ • muter 
_oorn. Own _ . balcony lumilhed condo (oxcept 
boctoom) near Vono. Move In 6/17 $2eS .ach. 1/4 
utllilita. Hea_1NoIoI1e 551·2374. 

Surmwu room 1Uble1. own bath.lun'HtIed. ~. 
_. , OfZ_$4I1O.DOImo.E...tng&:535-0352. 

TO ARMSI TO ARMS' Tno gIonl chlckena are cornIngl 
Own room. 482" CIoIramont _. Beckyord._. 
cat<*. 5227.71 + 115 utili. S71 ·OM8, Uvewllh us or we'l 
.. I a bug. (5117·512') 

~ _ live-in IIghI hou8tkeopIngIso 
000king. car- mom wI2 kids (3.6) _ organized. 
r_. good natured ___ kids. car and 
__ .4~. 

PI\IDON CAMPUS HOUSING. tor 'tI().'tIl __ In 
reun lOr heIpIng ___ pononoI cano. 2· 
5_y.SomoIUlsIOdIilllng. FomoIo . ......-. 
Julio 458-9748. Apply NCNI. 

00aanIr0n1 condol2 _ 2 baIh. JowzzI. sItopo 3-
4. "200.00 483-95'8. Loavt _ . Mot!. 

S2OOImo. ourrvntr_ Room In 2br II>I'L 5 mini. \rom 
-"" 452·3711. (511H") 
looking lor 1rttnd1y. __ 10m" roommaIe. 0W1n 
room 325 • '13 _ . LaIt month'l rtn1 plus "66.66 
IIOpOIlt. Eas1glllllLa JoIa. Av..- oow. 453-8928. 

Summer lc:hooIers: $300 own room availlble for July. 
furnillhed.1oma1e non_r. UTC area ca1451·9145. 

Beau1IIu1 homo lor ron_o' Walking ell_to UCSO 
CIOTIjIU" See ..... y ed below Iordotal .. or caJt Dr ....... 
at 452·1734. (IIYU. 457-4809). • 
O-bdrm 2.ba1f1 UC _ . Pallo. garago. lUnd«!<. nice 
_ . '1350.00 incI.garcltner. Call Hilda 587·'210. 

FumIIhtcI roo," In Mira _ nou". Ju .. throogh Sopl 
_ 5275.00 ,,, utII. No dtpoll1. 578,;)174 (51 
21·5124) 

LIDIA 
Offers 

Students 
15% off 

Cuts 
by Jennifer 

7535 Girard 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

619/454-9651 

The UCSD Guardian 
~.",,*r_InLaJolI.Tlnn"Ckb. Ownba1h . Maae roommate WMtId · lhIr. aatoe mu.r bIdroomJ 

beth. Partially lurnished La Jell. toWnhouoolcondo • 3 
bedI2 112 _ . 2.!Dry' garago. balcony. firoPIoo. patio. 
Iarvo - . CompIo.- pools & _ .-_ 
1\q>h1S300. I" -'.A._ anytime _ Aug 1. 
Ka10 5!18·ml .(!112I· 

_y.g ... ago.$460.oo"'$230lOshar • . Oneml1t~om 
_ . ... _In June. _0'" Katon ~0i23iI. 
R(')C)aA\ATeS WANTeO: Tou-loutbedroom.2 1/2 
_ . _ IIOry no_. Own room. backyllnS. _ . 
S3OOImo pIuo 114 ut_ .... v_ Juno '.l Tracy 792· 
'4116. _ 6~0888. (512' ·5124) 

!ll24) 

WANTED: Rttpon_ roommalO. W.·r. IOOI<ing lor • 
_10 _I, room on Villi La Jolla DrIvt. 5212.501 
mo. SUMMeR ONLY. BUSY atrnoIiP/IM. No~. 
No IIvt-In boyIrier>ds. Couch poIaIOtI. _. need nol 

Sunny 3 bdrm. 1 II2bd1 .... NearVono . ... vall_6I17· 
iI2O. $9Mhno. ConIlCt AIIyson 551~972. 

Room In house ""'011 _ ~orn UCSOI 6/15-9115. 
Large pia ... $42S • 1/6 _ ( __ ) 452·2222. 

1I'PiY. WI're 0001. ore you? cal 558·1725. (512I·SI29) 
___ 10 ... privu. room In lJrlIvtrllty 
Ct1y. T"'H othor enttr1alning houIomalOl wla WCNI you 
with all appliances. walher/dry.', and ateelS to 
evetytNng. Non·tmOket needed from Jun. 16'ltart of 
SchOOl. Call Aaron 517-6644 evenings. 

2 !emaII roommates warned to Jhwe Iaroe muler 
bedroom _10 UCSD. Clean. fumllhod. washerlCllyer. 
pallo. Ifrtp1ace 52751oacn. Av_ around June I ~th . 
SIOIanla or V._. 453·70081 . (51211 

Mesa Apartment June 1 to October 30. 2 roomt. date 
nogoIIabIt. 546· 7622lasve massage. (!1121) 

Mira ...... 2bdr. 2 baaparvnenl QuIeti OIirolld patldng. 
AIC avail_. '725. 695-8253 Of 75~-6396. 
2 female roommates wanted 10 anile mute' bedroom In 
great apanment lor summer, Fumlshed (.Keep! lor 
_com). and complex include. 2 pools. Z _ . Welghl 
room and roe. room. i..ocated righl behind UTC. 5270/ 
month each pius Ulih1iel. P .... call _ II 457· 
n66 ..... _ June 17 -5op1. 23. 

Need a groat pIa<8 IOf oummor'I How aboul • mOIler 
lUI. In a beautiful Del Mar condo, .. b60cp from beach. 
wdl; in doaet Ayaillbll June 18,IUmm8raubfeue.2501 
mo fof 2 to share. Cal Holly or Rachel at 792·2821 , 

Share Z bdrm. apt. In Normal Holghts lor aumrn8f Of long 
term. 534-252'/283-7187. (!II21) 

2 br. condOS atarting II $t25.ooo near UCSO ... 2 btl2M 
condo Pacifi(: Boach $169.000. 00n457·2730. 

A Third College Convocation 

Amedcqn TechRDlqqfcql 
Competftivma' in the 
Decade of the 19903 

Is There Science 
after Peace? 

The rapid political developments occurring in the Eastern Block 
are leading to major changes In defense-sponsored research and 
development for this decade. Department of Defense funding 
penneates much of American science and engineering, both 
basic and applied. Hear a panel of experts give their views and 
answer your ques1ions about how (or whether) America can 
adapt its science and technology for the post-Cold War world. 

Dr. WUlIam R. Graham 
Chief Science Advisor to 
President Reagan 
Dr. John H . Warner, Jr. 
Executive Vice President 
Science Applications 
International Corp. 

Profeuor James R. Arnold 
Department of Chemistry, UCSD 
Professor Lawrence B. Krauae 
Institute for International 
Relations/Pacific Studies, UCSD 

Wednesday. May 23. 1990 
7:30 p.m., Third Lecture Hall, Room 107 

The public Is corcl1a1ly invited to this free presentation. 

~ ~~- ~-- ~- - --=-- -: -,,~~~ 
~ '*"- = 

AS a Manne Officer. )'Ou could be in charge 01 a ur junior. ask about our I'bloun l.e'oIder.; Class 
Mad11 + FIA·IBA. ,,~rticaI uJuo..,ffHJrrit'rur program ~)'OIj'r,,"seruor. checkoul ourOflker 
one 01 our other Ieti or bebool'ltn. And)llIl could C:ind,d;ue 0.." programs. SurtiI1j\ sal"""" are 
do h by the timcyou're 23. 8uI il ukes a special [rom $18.000 10 5/ ... 000 lind you can oi. 
ronunllmem on )'OUr port. lie ,..-------------, COUnt 00 going 
demand~JliIlI,.,'Cls. Go ~_J.".IO farther f:lster /l!.!£f~ 
\Ie ie".och)'OU 10 be one. If ~ull!r. •• 
)'OI.-reafreshmaa!Op/lomore ~_I04. 1fio ... .,.,.; .. in ... pxJrrrm. 

• 

, . UDCer. 

THE MARINES WILL BE AT 
MUIR ON THE 21 ST AND FIFTH ON THE 22ND, 

FOR MORE INFORMATION CALL 294·2174 

LOST AND FOUND 
PLE ... SE cal Such. (551·1092) II you find my 
"'n""opology 111 final _ $20 REW",RDII No 
quatIono _ (5I10·!II24) 

Lost: Prescription Ray Ban lunglan ••. Reward: 
RayS .... wifJ proocr1pdon. Pita>e coil cathl ~·7"2. 
(5121) 
_ p..-pitpursewlthw_tndlot. boo!<. Pie ... 
relum 10 campus police. Thanxs, Andtea. 

PERSONALS 
Summor" _ here. so don~ miss ... on the flnaI big 
bash of spring. SPRING FLING ·90·the Wamon College 
Seml-torma). May 25th lithe F_1ty Club. (51'0-5121) 
FInd out IIboUI the plaMed Wane" ReskSence Halts and 
other changes coming to Warren's campus. 6:30 lOde)' in 
the Warren Commons. Srudont questions Willbe answered 
aft ... an archltect's presentation. (5121) 

The OASIS Language Program is now Icceptlng 
oppIlcations lor 1uIOrI 01 SponIoh and F,.nel .. GP'" of 3.0 
... required. For mor. infonnation caB: 534-22&4. 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

SIg Kal>o. Got "pUmped" lor atook w .... _ ..... show 
our unboa_ SIgma I<sppa spitkl (!II2I) 
0I1ia Gamma: Lar. maIIe k. repeat perlormaneo. Good 
IucIt In GrHk WHk. You're owosome.(5121) 
Aloha PI I<aQpo lasl Selurday ntghfo luau WII limply 
par_. Lovo. tho III" .. 01 AOI" . (!II21) 
Tnoe11S. OGsana ... oPl·. ·_gall aro _ • gOOd 
lucitwilh P_rPuHtodayl ... OPl. (5121) 
_ • Glen _ Joe ~om Annapolis aro In San Diego. 
Gal us at 270-6680. (5121·5124) 

~._forPromNtgnl· "'·.dokagainnexlYoor. 
0I1ia SIgma PIlI. (5121) 
SeWng _ CO&: Now Ago. CIa&sicaJ. Rockl $10 
•• ch. Gte .. buy. Call Gerald ~ 7228. (512"5131) 
Hey Ebeo _ Ebeo II · lilt is bt<:Orning _e hectic ana 
hedic. Just hang in there and everything 'Nil be over 
soonll (!II21) 
Jostens ~at 8ookitoreJune 4 · June 8. 10:00 · 31)0, 
Salt on your C01Itgt ring. (5121 ,5124) 
Lo .. :Proocr1pdon RaySan.ungl ...... Rewan:I:RayBan·. 
wlo Pr~n. Ploa •• call Cathi 558-7442. (5121) 

Indudes: Shampoo and quality hairctt. 
Blow dry and sty'Iing $4 extra. 
Full service prices reg. $21-$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To insure faster service, it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

CAll RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 Days: M-F-S 9-6pm; T-W-T 

/;.~ .... .,.. 
I ._ ........ _ 

457·3334 
8843 La Jolla Village Dr . • La Jolla , CA 
La Jolla Village Center (Ralphs, Savon) 

r--------------------~ I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

2 TANS 1 
One for You, One for a 

""""',,",,",,"='""1 

I TRIM 8. TAN, UCSD 3251 Holkl&y Ct. ' 455-0909 
Pacific Beach' Missjon Valley' Siale Collegs ' Sports Arena' Encinitas L ___________________ _ 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! I I I European Body Wrap - Only $48 
I Not a temporary water loss. Reduce cellu6te and strete/) maills. Call lor delails ' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 ' FItS1·11tne elienls 
L fAplrss 611190 .J 
--------------------

FULL TIME STUDENTS 

CALL 279·5955 
D' AGNES A In urance Agency 

7 41 Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 
San Diego, 92111 

ALSO: MEDICAUDENTALITRAVEL INSURANCE 

.-

--

... 



;; 

18 SPORTS 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulation : 
• Send your elllry onan S 112 " by 

11" sheet 0/ paper along with ),our 
name, year in school, hometown, 
college ),ou attend at UCSD, ma-
jor, address, and phone number 
to: Sports Editor, UCSD Guard-
ian, 8-016, La Jolla , CA 92093. 
You may also drop it in the sports 
editor's box at the Guardian of-
fice, located upstairs in the Stu-
dent Center, across from the gym. 

• All UCSD studems, staff, and 
/aculryare eligible to ellter, except 
for Guardian staff members ann 
employees o/Bl's. 

• Limit olle entry per person per 
week. Entriesmust beat the Guard-
ian by Saturday at 5 p.m. 

• The person who comes up with 

the most correct e/lT1'ies, as deter-
mined by the judges, will be de-
clared the grand prize willner and 
will be recognized when the qui: is 
primed the /olloll'ing week. In the 
event of a tie, a drawing will be 
held to determille the grand prize 
willner, Those correct entries /lot 
selected as the grand prize winner 
will be considered runners-lip. 

• The grand prize winller will 
receive a $10 gift certificate from 
Bl's. Runners-upcan obtain afree 
pitcher of either Michelob Draft or 
soda when dining at Bl's Chicago 
Pizzeria, located in LA Jolla Vil-
lage Square . A list 0/ all winners 
will be posted at Bl's each week. 
and winners must show idellfifica-
tion to claim pri:es. 

This week 's questlons: 
1. What are the two primary uni-

fonn colors of the Pittsburgh Steelers? 
2. How old is professional tennis 

player Jennifer Capriati? 
3. Who are the San Diego Sockers 

currently playing in the MISL West-
ern Division Finals? 

4. True or fal e: Ken Griffey Jr. 
has a candy bar named affer him. 

c.uc.~ 
Jij/ Zel ;\tInt 
The tflt;/1(at~ 

Sung/ass Shoppe 

Over 50 name brands & 3,000 frames in stock from $5 to $800 
• Special orders • Replacement parts 

•••••••••••••••••••• 
• I UCSD COUPON I EKp. 6121190 • 

• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• Eyes on Del Mar Mon.-Sat. 10-9 1555 Camino Del Mar. 
• Del Mar Plaza Sun. 11-7 Street Level· 792·9211 • 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

--iLno4»',-Vc1.~1 l~~-. \m.l:?. f i I ~ 
CHINESE STUDIES 

~M~!f,Jl1J.. rtJ ~ A. 
fo t3~ tf,j$ f~ 

-(7.= .::df 
-1L~Z4 
-ll;'lL{~ 
-;h.L-t4 
-jl.l~ {,~ 

-/l-IijJ/~ 
-tl.1.-tf 
-jt:k:',q 
-/L:'.:!.* 

ft-t.1.i 
- Itl tit 

k 

-/l/"'1 

The UCSD Guardian 

5. What is the nickname of 
Minnesota 's NHL team? 

6. True or false : Former MLB 
pitcher Jim Palmer does advertisements 
for Fruit of the Loom garments. 

7. Who was aboard Saturday's 
Preakness winner Summer Squall? 

8. Whom did the Yankees receive 
in the recent trade of Dave Winfield? 

9. Who owns theCinncinati Reds? 
10. Whom did Christine Behrens 

beat in the NCAA Division Jl[ women's 
tennis singles final? 

Last week's answers: 

1. Jack McKeon 
2. Missouri 
3. Japan 
4. True 
S. David Robinson 
6. False; MLB 
7. False; fired 
8. San Francisco Giants 
9. Mike Tyson 
10. Men 's: Swarthmore, PA 

Women's: Trenton, NJ 

Last week's winner: 
Richie Shapiro 
First-year, Third, Communications 
Reseda, CA 
Runners·up: Steve Saatjian 

Frank Cascarano 

for $2.00 of!. ~t w:~ pizza 
Call DtMatUa's 
455-5211 

DID YOU SEE THIS? 
50 did about 30,000 others in 

the UC5D community. 
UCSD Guardian Advertising 

Call 534-3466 

41'* 
STUDlNfIJOUTll TOURS 

*One-Week Leningrad & 
f.Io;co.N kY'd only. 

··other U.S.S.R. m Eastern 
Europe tOllS ct-rcIilabie. 

GUIdi 1'IaIMI 
UCSD Prtu C ....... 

nat to .. Post 0ftIca 

451·0630 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL aLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

( . \ I I I .... I 11< .... I 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 amino Del Rio 

North #315 

w. TENNIS 
Continued from page 20 
Coaches' Association, rolled past 
three unseeded players - each in 
two sets - for a rematch with 
Wellesley's Karen Cooper, who 
defeated her last year, but went 
down easily this time, 6-2, 6-4. 

Aftercapturing the singles title, 
Behrens hooked up with senior 
partner Susan Camey in the doubles 
tournament, pulling off their sec-
ond two-set victory for a ticket to 
the semifinals of the 16-team draw. 

But, Behrens' fourth match of 
the day, the second-seeded pair 
were upset by Leslie Gale and 
Marcia Hunt of Carleton College, 
6-4, 7-6 (8-6). 

"They were way ahead in the 
tiebreaker of the second set and 
expected to win and go on to the 
third set," LaPlante said of the AII-
Americans . "They were just 
shocked that they had lost." 

In other singles play, first-year 
player Robyn [naba showed her 

Monday, May 21,1990 

exhaustion from the team play with 
a 6-3, 6-2 first-round loss, accord-
ing to LaPlante. 

LaPlante believes that lnaba, 
who was named the ITCA 's Rookie 
of the Year, has the same potential 
as Behrens to win the singles title, 
and " is stronger mentally now than 
Behrens was in her freshman year." 

M. TENNIS 
Continued from page 20 
4 count. 

Belloli, ranked 34th at midsea-
son, had an easier time in his 
matches, blowing away Dan lind-
quist of Wheaton in the opener, 6-
I, 6-2, and upsening Ivanovich, 
ranked eighth at midseason. 6-7 
(4-7),6-1.6-0. 

Francois Monnar, the third Tri-
ton participating in individual play, 
lost in the opening round. 

For their efforts, Belloli and 
Huber were both named to AII-
American singles and doubles 
teams. 

The UCSD Summer Session 
first five-week session begins 
July 2 and the second five-week 
session begins August 6. 
An exciting range of courses from 
virtually every campus department i~ 
offered . Catalogs are available now For 
your free copy, drop by the Summel' 
Session Office, UCSD Extension 
Complex , Building A, Monday th rough 
Friday, 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. or phone 
534-4364. 

I J. • . .... 
u ~ I '¥ f P \ T y 0 ~ CA. f I ,"; ,., '.~ "; [I t G 0 

• 

Monday, May 21,1990 The UCSD Guardjan 

Guardian Photo 
All-American candidate Devin Thomas will lead UCSD into the 72-hole National Championship. 

Tritons Oarkhorses for Title 
By BRIAN ITOW 
Senior SlaffWriler 

The ninth-ranked Tritons are 
considered long shots to capture 
the NCAA Division ill golf cham-
pionships. 

Their chances this time, how-
ever, are 
probably . GOLF 

Oivi.ion III National better than a..rnpionship 
they have at Jekyll Island. GA 
ever been. Tue .• May 22 • Fri .• May 2.'i 

Even though they have finished 
second three of the last fi ve years, 
the Tritons have never really had a 
realistic shot at capturing the na-
tional team championship. 

It never seemed to matter how 
well the Triton golfers were play-
ing entering the tournament. 

They always hit the same stone 
wall: CSU Stanislaus. 

The Warriors have been one of 
the true dynasties in college SpoIlS, 
having captured seven of the last 
12 Division III championships. 

But now they are gone-gradu-
ated to Division II. 

And, they have left the field for 
this year's 72-hole tournament as 
wide-open as ever. 

Five teams will tee off at the 
Indian Mound Golf Course on 
Jekyll Island, Georgia with a le-
gitimate shot at capturing the 
NCAA Division ill national title. 

Methodist College of North 
Carolina enters the tournament as 
the top seed, but, by no means can 
they be considered clear favorites. 

Ohio Wesleyan, Skidmore, 
Gustavus Adolphus, and UCSD's 
state rival CSU San Bernardino all 
have the talent to shoot their way to 
a national championship. 

A number of other schools, 
including UCSD, are considered 
dark horses in the tournament. 

In fact, if everything falls right, 
so to speak, the Tritons could walk 
off with their first national golf 
championship. 

According to UCSD Head 
Coach Mike Wydra. Ihe Tritons 
will need conditions that are as 
nasty as possible in order to make 
winning the title a possibility. 

"We' re hoping to get lots of 

wind and difficult conditions. Most 
Division In caliber players don' t 
have the talent to do well in these 
conditions; they tend to excel on 
pitch and putt courses," he said. 

The Triton players. on the other 
hand, are used t9 playing difticult 
in conditions. And if they get them, 
they could sneak into contention. 

No matter what the conditions 
are, All-American candidate Devin 
Thomas is expected to excel in the 
tournament, and will be in the front 
of the race for the individual title. 

He has played consistently all 
year, leading the team with a 75.5 
stroke average. 

As added incentive, he only has 
to remember last year's debacle 
when he fell from second to 20th 
on the last day of the national 
championship tournament. 

Thomas will head the Tritons ' 
five-man scoring group which 
includes Mike Reinhardt (78.4), 
Bob Knee (78.5), Bobby Meyer-
son (79), and Matt Stottern (80). 

Reinhardt, the team 's lone sen-
ior, has been playing well of late 
and could appear on the NCAA in-
dividualleaders board. 

Knee has played consistently 
all year and will sol idify the team 's 
number three position. 

Meyerson, ajuniortransfer, has 
been a pleasant surprise, accord-
ing to Wydra. 

Though not a long hitter, he is 
accurate, and his play around the 
green is among the team's best. 

The fifth spot was won by Stot-
tern who edged Campbell Wal-
drop in a three round qualifying 
conlest. 

"We are taking a strong team to 
the national tournament," Wydra 
said. 

"Our problem all year has been 
trying to get everyone playing well 
at the same time. If we can do that, 
a top three finish is a strong possi-
bility, and a national champion-
ship is not out of the question," 
Wydra said. 

SPORTS 19 

L to R, Tri. Manin. Cory Hand. Craig Parks, Elliot Dane, Amy Goldberg, 
Laurent Gousset. Pat Sexton, GinaZabloudil, Theresa Kastens. n.p. Pete Johnson. 

GOLDILOCKS HAS PMS . Innertube Waterpolo 
Ifit were only true, the classic fairy talc might have had a radically 

differenr ending. The traditional 'Someone's been sleeping in my bed!' 
might have read something like "Oh well, Ok, that's cool...kick back, you 

kn~, we 'll, come back in a few days. And, hey, help yoursdfto the 
porndge ... 

And even if they do, GtJ/Jikults HIlS PMS Isn't lemng that stand 
between them and the A Innertube Wat" Polo title. Goldilocks closed 
their season last week undefeated, yawning past second·place Chic/ten of 
theSe .. , 13·1. 

Shutouts are hard to come by in tbis game, but apparently goalie Pete 
Johnson wasn't listening when they explained that part of the game to 
him. He's allowed one goal in his last two starts. Luckily, though, he has 
Theresa ' The Human Outboard Motor' K2s[ens back on defense to 
curtail the amount of shots . 

As for offense, well, sophomores Girla Zabloudil and Tris Martin seem 
.to have things und~r raps. And if things ever get OUt of hand, the wily 
and wiry Craig Parks (2 goals) is never far from the action. 

Does G.t.,kults HIlS PMS have the chemistry to \'~n it all? We'll find 
out this week. Meanwhile, this ... tuna salad's for you. 

A~ MAKEGOOD 
~~ SUMMER MONEY!! 

MotlvatClcl Students 
"nded' lor 

"eighborhoocl Marketingl 
• Valuable Marketing Experience 
° Spend Your Time Outdoors 
° Flexible Hours 

8'. ° Good Money 
' \ , 
'. ° Excellent Trairiing 

--_ ... 

Eam $10.00 per hour or more developing residential 
customers for Lloyd Pest Control. Call Dan or Greg at 
298-9865 between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. for an interview. 

• 
ROBERT'S 
~ German, Swedish 

Japanese Service 

Mon.-Fri. 7 am-6:30 pm 

Saturdays 8 am-6 pm 

SAAB 

(619)275-1132 
4630 Mission Bay Drive 

W .... IIIUl,..c 17 .fINI 
&tr_./~ 

Iooare ......... 

(1·5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

--------------------10% OFFonalirepairs* 
with this coupon 

°E_pl molor II1!d InuwniuiDn owrMW. Nol ualid willi any oIMr coupon. 



20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 21,1990 

Sports 
Behrens Caps Career With Singles Title 

By DANA CHAIKEN 
Sports Editor 

"Christine Behrens has an excellent chance to be the top 
Division III player this year." 

- UCSD women's tennis Head Coach Liz LaPlante. 

LaPlante said that in 1987, but she was wrong. 
She also could have said it in 1988 and 1989 - and she 

would have been wrong. 
But in 1990, senior ,..-------------, 

Christine Behrens fi- WOIEN'S 7fNtfS DMSIOII. 
NA1JONM. CIIAII'IOIIIIR 

nally fulfilled her IN D I V I D V A L It DO U • L E S 
coach's expectations. L-__________ -' 
On Saturday, in Trenton, NJ, Behrens captured her first Di-
vision III individual singles national title in her fourth - and 
final - attempt. 

After a second place finish in 1988, the one year she was 
unranked, and losses in the quarterfinals in the other two 
campaigns, the top-seeded Behrens cruised through the 32-
player field, ending with a 6-4, 6-2 victo'ry over fourth-
seeded Tracy Peel of Washington College (MO) in the final. 

"She played the greatest she's ever played," LaPlante 
empnasized. "She was focused all year, and wanted it more 
than before. She definitely dominated." 

Senior Christine Behrens waltzed to a long-awaited championship, yielding a mere 24 games in five matches. 

Behrens, a four-time All-American who was honored as 
the Senior Player of the Year by the Intercollegiate Tennis 

See W. TENNIS, page 18 

Belloli and 
Huber Stopped 
in Doubles 
Semis 6-2, 6-4 
ByPETERKO 
Associate Sports Editor 

At the Division ill National Champion-
ship in Swarthmore, PA, members of the 
UCSD men's tennis team accomplished 
what, in recent years , they have not been 
able to do as a group-advance past the first 
round. 

Sig Huber and Chris Belloli, the Tritons' 
number one doubles team, roared to the 

MENS TENNIS DIVISION RI 
NA TIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS 

INDIVIDUAL & DOUBLES 

semifinals on Saturday before skidding to a 
halt against Scott Milener and Bobby Hes-
sian of the University of Rochester (NY), 6-
2,6-4. 

Huber and Belloli advanced to the semi-
finals after blitzing Louis Miller and Jim Os-
owki of Kalamazoo, 6-4, 6-3 in the first 
round, and Eric Chan and Andrew Chekian 
of Claremont, 5-7, 6-4, 6-4, in the second. 

In the quarterfinals, the pair knocked off 
Steve Ivanovich and Vivak Sidhoran of the 
University of Chicago, 6-3, 6-4. 

The semifinal loss to Milener and He -
sian was an upset of sorts as Belloli and 
Huber had been third in the Volvo Tennis/ 
Collegiate Rankings at the midway point of 
the season, while Milener and He sian were 
ninth. 

The loss closed the books on the 
twosome's record for the season at 13-4. 

In singles play, Belloli and Huber again 
led the way, as both Advanced to the round of 
16 before losing. 

To reach the final 16, Huber, sixth in the 
rankings at midseason, fought off Dave 
Jusilla of Gu tavus Adolphus, 3-6, 6-4, 6- I, 
and Tim Smith of Connecticut College, the 
latter of whom he defeated by a 6-3, 2-6, 6-

See M . TENNIS, page 18 

TRACK AND FIELD NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS 

The Triton men will try to improve on last year's five-points. while the women have their eyes on a possible national title. 

POWER IN 

NUMBERS 
Track and Field Has Its First Real Shot 
At a Top Showing as the Tritons Take a 

Record 14 Qualifiers to the National 
Championships in Illinois 

By LES BRUVOLD 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men's and women's track teams may be headed 
for their best ever overall showing in the Division III National 
Meet, as a school record 14 qualifier are cheduled to compete 
in the three-day event that tarts Wedne day at North Central 
College in Naperville, l11inois. 

The women's squad has the better chance of the two at 
making a noticeable impact, since it is taking 10 Tritons to 

comPete, while the men will field only four participants. 
Following a fourth-place team showing last year, the women's 

team is expected to finish in the top five again, and possibly even 
bigher. 

"If they all perform up to the level they have all year, I think 
we should finish as well as we did last year," Triton Head Coach 
Mark Stanforth said. 

Stanforth pointed out that, although the women's team should 
score more points this year, its competition has also improved. 

Christopher Newport University, 
which has won the women's title each • TRACK AND FIELD 

Division IIJ Nalional 
of the last three years, looks to be the Championships 
clear favorite again, with Occidental , al Naperville, Illinois 
Wisconsin-Oshkosh, UCSD, and Wed .. May 23· Fri .. May 26 
Cortland State-New York following closely behind, according to 
Stanforth. 

Several Triton women may finish in the top ranks individu-
ally, and should claim All-American tatus in their re pective 
events. 

" If you fini h in the top eight in any event, you are named to 
the All-American team. 

"And, ince mOllt of our women place in the top five in their 
See TRACK, page 15 


