
INSIDE ... 
UC News .................... .......... 2 
Opinion ................................ 4 
Photo ................................... 9 
Classified ............ ............... 12 
Sports ................................ 16 

University of California, 
San Diego 

New Class Will 
Focus on Gay, 
Lesbian Culture 
By Melinda Hamilton 
Associate News Editor 

A new sociology class titled "Lesbian and 
Gay Cultures in Postwar America" will be 
offered by visiting professor Jaye Miller next 
quarter. 

The course is listed in the current schedule 
of classes as course number 178, "Special 
Topics/Culture." 

Miller, who is currently teaching at UC 
Santa Cruz, said that his interest lies in the 
wide diversity by which the gay, lesbian, and 
bisexual cultures express themselves. 

"1becourse is an attempt to uoderstand the 
breadth and variety ... not just bisexual rela-
tionships," Miller said 

After he decided he would like to teach the 
course at UCSD, Miller first approached 
Ramon Gutierrez; who helped found and now 
chairs the new Ethnic Studies Department. 
Gutierrez advised Miller, helping him work 
out the practical aspects which eventually led 
to the placement of the course in the Sociol-
ogy Department. 

Miller has also been in contact with Tony 
Valenzuela, a Muir College senior who is 
involved with the Lesbian, Gay and Bisexual 
Association (LGBA). Valenzuela, who has 
worked with LGBA in support of the class, 
said he was approached last spring by Miller. 

1be course is not lirnited to homosexual 
students, according to Miller, who said he 
hopes anyone who is interested will enroll. 

He added that the intent of the class is not 
to make people uncomfortable, but to help 
students gain a better understanding of the 

See COURSE, page 8 

PHOTO 
Looking for the 
Decisive Moment 
Photo essay by Jennifer Kolsky/9 

The UCSD 

SPORTS 

Jenny Venn/Guardian 

Patch 0' Pumpkins - A flock of pumpkins anxiously await sale to local 
residents. Needless to say, these prospective jack-o-Ianterns will not survive 
the night, and will find their innards strewn across the streets of La Jolla. 

Tritons to Host 
West Regional 
Men's soccer preview/16 

WEDNESDAY 
October 31 , 1990 
Vol. 71, No. 16 

Experts Discuss 
Effects of Mass 
Mediaon Politics 
• Attorney general, ex-
CBS News president 
among participants 
By Debbie Rosenthal 
Staff Writer 

Speakers representing four different 
viewpoints of the media-policies sphere dis-
cussed their personal beliefs regarding the 
media at a UCSD policy forum Thursday. 

John Van de Kamp, attorney general for 
the state of California, joined E.J. Dionne, a 
national correspondent for the Washington 
Post; VanGordonSauter,formerpre identof 
CBS News; and Dan Hallin, profes or for the 
Department of Communications at UCSDas 
each delivered a I O-rninute monologue on the 
chief causes of the dissatisfactory tate of 
media and politics in the 1990s. 

The forum, conducted by Professor Sam 
Popkin of the UCSD Department of Political 
Science, drew a standing-room-only crowd 
of students, faculty, and members of the La 
Jolla community who are concerned by the 
declining integrity of political campaigning 
and its coverage by the various forms of 
media. Dionne, spokesper on for the print 
media, led the speeches with an anecdotal 
assessment of how and by whom the blame is 
traditionally distributed regarding the inad-
equacies of modem political campaigns and 
their coverage by today ' media. 

"Politicians think of the press as a cheap 
way to get publicity," he aid. 

Dionne's peech centered around the idea 
See MEDIA, page 3 

UCSD Professor, Campus Improvement Money on Nov. 6 Ballot 
• Professor Dan Kripke is running against • Proposition 143 would raise money for 
incumbent Bill Lowery for the third time, school buildings, but opponents argue 
and believes his chances look good that the $450 million bond is too costly. 
By Rachel Blackburn 
Starr Writer 

A UCSD professor will make his third 
attempt to become Ii member of the U.S. 
House of Representatives in next Tuesday's 
general election. 

UCSD Professor of Psychiatry Daniel 
Kripke is running against incumbent Repub-
lican Bill Lowery. Lowery has been in office 
for the past 10 years, defeating Kripke in 1986 
and again in 1988. 

Kripke, who has been a professor at the 
UCSD School of Medicine for the past 19 
years, hopes to woo voters, especially students, 
with his stances on women's rights and edu-
cation. 

"The first priority for students is that I'm 
pro-choice and for women' rights. I support 
reproductive choice, the Equal Rights 
Amendment,. women 's civil rights, and equal 
pay for equal work," he said. 

According to Kripke, his opponent Lowery 
i against abortion and voted "to let a woman 
die even if an abortion were nece ary to save 
her life." 

Lowery also voted against 
equal pay for equal work legis-
lation and against the Civil 
Rights Bill recently vetoed by 
PreSideht Bush, Kripke said. 

"I support student loans," he added, "while 
in two votes this year Lowery has voted to 
reduce them." 

This year, Kripke believes his chances to 
beat Lowery look very good. According to 
Kripke, there is "a wave of anger against the 
republican failure to give us an honest bud-
get." For this reason, Kripke believes his 
chances against Lowery are good. 

Kripke also said that three-quarters ofvot-
ers are pro-choice and "many republicans, 
especially students, will switch sides to vote 
for a pro-choice Democrat rather than for an 
anti-abortion Republican." 

Kripke believe that Lowery's consistent 
refusal to publicaly debate issues will damage 
the incumbent. According to Kripke, Lowery 
will not debate him on national is ues, de pite 
hi offers to make donations to worthy cau e 

See KRIPKE, page 3 

By Tammy Crawford 
Guardian Reporter 

In light of next week's gen-
eral election, the UC Board of 

Regents has fonnally endorsed a 
proposition to provide funding to 

California's three public higher education 
systems. 

Proposition 143, a $450 million bond is-
sue, is part of a two-year plan to provide new 
clas~rooms, laboratories, library space, and 
improve earthquake safety in the U C, Calif or -
nia State University, and California commu-
nity college systems. 

The money would be used to continue 
funding projects begun earlier by Proposition 
121, a similar bond issue approved by voters 
in June. 

According to a statement released by the 
office of UC President David Gardner, the 
regents' resolution that endorses Proposition 
143 states that "Propo ition 143 i important 
to maintaining the University's momentum in 
planning, building, renovating, and trength-
ening faciJitie at the nine UC campuses." 

John Woods, UCSD's associate vice 
chancellor for management resources, sup-
ported the regents' position. 

'The state budget does not have the cash to 
pay for these projects," Woods said. ''The 
only way is through the bond issue." 

Not everyone on campus, however, sup-
ports the propo ition. 

"I am not for putting every man, woman, 
and child in debt for the next 20 years," said 
Scott Chatenever, a member of the UCSD 
campus Libertarians. 

According toa UC new letter dated Oct. 2, 
the annual cost of the bond over 20 years will 
amount to $1.52 for each Californian. 

Some group are concerned about the ac-
tual use of the money if the bond is ue is 
approved. 

Wesley Adams, San Diego County chair 
of the Young Americans for Freedom orga-
nization, explained that "money is just thrown 
at education. " 

"[Propo ition 143) doe n't seem to be the 
answer," he aid. "I'd like to see where the 

See BOND, page 10 



2 NEWS 

FROM OTHER CNv\PUSES 
UCB Class of 1970 Finally Gets 
To Walk Across Graduation Stage 

BERKELEY - Sixth-year seniors take heart: the UCB 
class of 1970did not walk across the stage until Oct. 20, 1990. 

In Mayofl 970, the United States invaded Cambodiaand 
the National Guard'>men mortally wounded four students at 
Kent State. Because of talk of student boycotts or violent 
di ruptions to the comrnencement, then-Chancellor Roger 
Heyns cancelled the school-wide ceremony in favor of 
maller, departmental exercises. 

According to a representative of the university, Ray 
Colvig, after the upheaval causedby the Cambodian invasion, 
''there was immediately a questioning of doing traditional 
things." 

"I'm able to see things differently now," said Reitia 
Martin, class of 1970 and now deputy director of the UC San 
Francisco AID.S. Health Project. 

Some feel that the ritual will offer the former students a 
sense of closure to those turbulent times. 

UC Riverside Police and Students 
Discuss Possible Racism Problem 

RIVERSIDE - In response to repeated incidents of 
rninoritystudentsbeingtn:ateddifferentlybythe UC Riverside 
police, the Multicultural Events and Relations Committee 
and the UCR Police Department co-sponsored a forum (0 
work out the problem. 

The African Student Programs direclOr of UCR and the 
UCR police chief met at the forum earlier this month in an 
open dialogue to improve student/police relations. The event, 
while being sponsored by campus organizations, was origi-
nally conceived by UCR srudent Eugene Jones. 

Jones, an AfricanArnericanstudent, organized the meeting 
after two experiences he had with the police. 

Thefirstoccured last year, when Jones was looking for his 
friend's apartment. He accidentally knocked on the wrong 
door, and after explaining his mistake to the woman who 
answered, continued on to fmd his friend. 

According to Jones, he was later stopped and frisked by. 

Calvin and Hobbes 

NOW rnl5 tl\IG~\ C"-US£ 
5OM.E SLlGI\T I)lsc,C>MrORI.. 
... fjOll) REI'-\. S fiLL ... 

J 

;f/f 
~ _ L 

The UCSD Guardian 

police. 
'The officer said, 'don't go around that way [toward the 

wonlan's apartment) at night.' Does that mean [can't go out at 
night?" Jones asked. 

Months later, Jones was approached again by policc because 
sn<neone notified the police that he was carrying a gun. 

Another student, TIlUan Lam, said he was questioned by two 
officers in his honle. According to Lam, they asked him what his 
nationality was. When Lam said he was American, they repeated 
the question. They would not tell him why they were there. 

"So, why were they questioning me? I respect police officers, 
but not to the point that they don '{ respect you," he said. 
University Threatens Shutdown of 
Berkeley Museum Restaurant 

BERKELEY - A conttoversy has arisen at UC Berkeley 
over the possible closing of a well-liked Berkeley restaurant. 

The Swallow Restaw'ant, a 16-year-old establishment in UC 
Berkeley'S University Art Museum, has been threatened with 

shutdownduetochargesmadebytheWliversityf~ 
with their rental agreement and failwe to maintain sanitation 
standards on their premises. 

The university, on the other hand, -is being cbiitged by the 
Swallow Restaurant with unechical conduct. 

"lTheuniversity) has been p1ottingbdlindourbacks tomUlUS 
down," said Richard Bammove,spokesmanfortherestaurant. He 
read from a "confidential" memo from the university that staleS 
"no meeting with the Swallow to inform them oftennination of 
the lease should occur." 

Acco!ding toBarranove, the infractions cited intheuniversi!y 
communiqueareactuallyshortCOOIingstheunivenityisrespc:lmiHe 
fOffixing. 

"Oneofthe problerns they pointed out was a hole in the sam1 
door. When we told the museum, they said they didn't have 
enough money to fix it," BamIJ10ve said. 

Buta representative of the university,Ray Colvig. saidthllthe 
university i only responsible for some of the restaurant's pr0b-
lems, and that the restaUI'3llI owed the museum S24,<XX> in back. 
rent from March, 1989 to the present 

Barranove countered that the university owed the restuU'aIIl 
$98,(XX) in oven;harge> for rent. 

"They were charging us for a guard setvice we don't use and 
a pest control service we don't need," Barranove said. 

Since the announcement of the possibIeclosing. therestuU'alll 
has receiyed over 150 letters of support for its cootinuation . . 

Barranove said that the overcharges will be dropped if the 
restaurant is allowed to stay. Otherwise, they will beforced to sue 
the university for $1 million for lost income and the rent over-
charges. 

RRc;G\Hi ' t<\M~.' RRG! 
STO\' TI\AA5f\1t-lG! .. t '\1£ 
A.I.MOST Go'\' If ... />o.LtI\0'5f ... 

MMF' 11IeRE.' 

by Bill Watterson 

IN lIIi OI'It-\\ON, WE ~\ 
ilE'4o\£ l'4EI>-RLi 'E\-.\~G\-\ 
SCI£'N,,\It'\C R£'S£~RG\ m 

F I~OING "- CIJRE. toR 
JER\(.'S . 

!i~ 
-... 

~, liS "- GC()O nmlG-
H"-O \\115 RE~cN£O .' JUST 

LOO~ "'i ,,-\L 
1\\ESE 8.'.0 Sl'l>~ ! 

8'i GOlLi . If 1\-\\':> 15NT 
S£RI()IJ<; A.R'\' 111E N()MI-I<; 
I'S! "'\\C\ s£\ 1o\1~ '«O~~'f\OOD f-~,~----';-':"-~=:1 

UP "-<; ".N. "'RSIK~ Of 
~'<.Si\\HICS *,~'N"'i ? 111IS 
15 "- B£"'\l~ lfIJL li()ltlC. or 

!'OWER "'~ OCI'rn r 

~ ' 

Wednesday, October 31,1990 

UCSB Student, New to America, 
Killed In Crash of Private Airplane 

SANTA BARBARA- One srudent died and three were 
injured after a scenic flight over the town of Goleta ended in 
the crash landing of a conunuter plane on Oct. 21. 

RamaThogarati,agraduate student in theUCSB Statistics 
Department, was killed when the single-engine Cessna 172 
clipped a power line and nose.<Jived into a nearby building. 

The two other passengers, both UCSB graduate students, 
were critically injured and the pilot, a post-OOctorai UCSB 
student, was seriously injured. 

While the pilot's present condition has not been released, 
the two other injured srudents, who were IBken 10 Goleta 
Valley Cornmwtity Hospital, are said 10 be improving. 

Thogarati was the recipient of three undergraduate de-
grees at the University ofOsmania in Hyderabad, India. Her 
degreesir¥:ludea bacheIorofscience in statistics, r. masters in 
science and a bachelor of education. At the time of the 
accident, she had been in the United States for less than a 
month. 
. While a report has not been filed on the accident~of yet, 

investigators froot theFederai Aviation Administration and 
!be Nalional Tramponation Safety Board do not believe the 
accident is a manifestation of an airport safety problem. 

'"Ibis is just a case of a pIIne being 100 low," said FAA 
representative Fred O'Donnell. 

UC RIverside Increases Student 
Enrollment Through Retention 

RIVERSIDE-UC Riverside,whilestill having onIybalf 
the number of srudents at UCSD, has reached another record 
eavoIlmalt for the fourth year in a row, totaling 8,716 un-
dm'graduaIes and graduate students. 

While this is an increase of only 5.2 percent, the campus 
still has the highest growth rateof all the UCcampuses andis 
ODe of the fastest-growing campuses in the nation. 

The iocreasedenrol1meol has not been attributed 10 fresh.. 
manenroUment, which is down 145 pen;ent, but ratberlO the 
reIalIionraleofsqtlmores,junia'sandseniors, which reached 
89 pen:cot this fall. 

"The real stoJy in ourcampus' growth this year is the high 
percentage of SIUdents continuing their college education at 
UCR," said Vice OlaoceDor for Enrollment Management 
Fred ZAdcer. 

FmoIlmeotat UCR is expected 10 grow 10 approximately 
9,<XX> by Fall of 1991, according 10 Zuker. The UCRLong 
Range Development Plan estimates a student enrollment of 
18,050 by the year 2005-06. 

GuXSkl)IAN 
PHtL GRUEN, Edllrx In ChIef 
ROBIN MAClEAN, IIMJegIng Edftor 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, ~ Sports Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Sport. EdIIor 
JAMES COWER, o.Ign Editor 
REBEKAH DEN'4, A.-*w '*- EdItor 
GREG DIXON, u.,cIIU OpInion EdItor 
BILL DOWLER, CGpy Editor 
MELINDA HAMLTON, Auoc:Mee News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, A.1OCIIttt News EdItor 
LARA HEISLER, ~ AnI EdIfDr 
CHRIST1NA HUIZAR, ANociItf AIfs Editor 
PETER KO, A~ Spott. EdIfDr 
JENtIFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZOH, ~ Copy Edftor 
LENG LOtt, AtfaEllfWflthnlnt Edftor 
MEL MARCELO, AuocMfIf GnIphb Editor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, A..-:IItf FMturN Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AuocMfIf Photo Editor 
JUUE PUZON, FetIIUrM EdIIrx 
JEFF QUAN, GniphIcs EdIIor 
JASON SNELL, News Edftor 
RI1IAS UZQIRIS, Pttofo EdItor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, o4aocIIW,... ..... Editor 
JElftFER YANCEY, ~t EdItor 

BOB DeANDREA, Bue'ne .. ".nag.,. 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AdvtHtle'ng ".nllg#K 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AdVMt'e/ng De.igner 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CI ... ffI«l Repre .. nl.tlve 
-.1Ir4»-...... KIma - Slwri FII1IdorIJofVoI. To,. Sctla1or, Ooo..v-
-. _ : I.oan<-. Belong". 0..01 CoM. 8on4a _ , PIOio VaIadoIod 

~: KlI S. WiW1l. Joe lJo 

Wednesday, October 31, 1990 

KRIPKE: Prof runs for office 
ContinUed from page 1 
every time Lowery agrees to do so .. 

One of the campaign's major as-
pects consists of allegations offraud 
made by Kripke and denied by 
Lowery. 

Kripke has accused the Lowery 
campaign of "keeping over $60,000 
in illegal contribution and interest 
which Bill Lowery received, and 
which represent the proceedsofbank 
robbery ultimately looted from the 
American taxpayer." 

Many of Kripke's allegations 
center around a man named Don 
Dixon, who is on trial this week in 
Dallas. Kripke claims that Dixon 
schedules various fundraisers for 
Lowery at properties that were 
owned by several banks. 

While Kripke maintains that 
Lowery is retaining over $60,000 in 
money belonging to various Sav-
ings & Loans (S&Ls), Lowery's 
press secretary, Tina Kreisher, re-
filled his accusations. 

"It is very easy to say, without 
having to produce any proof, that 
someone has stolen $60,000 and 
then put the onus on the otherperson 
to defend this," Kreisher said. 

She denied Kripke' s allegations 
and said she posessesdocumentation 
to "back up the fact that Lowery 
paid for everything he ever did ... 
with Dixon and S&Ls." 

She added that while Lowery 
has received numerous contributions 
from S&Ls, this only amounts to 
about two or three percent of his 
total campaign contributions. 

According to Kreisher, the only 
donation Lowery accepted from 
Dixon was "hospitality." 

Professor Dan Kripke 
"Under campaign rules it is per-

fectly okay to accept hospitality from 
someone as a campaign contribu-
tion," she said. 

While Lowery's campaign sup-
port now accepts that Dixon is a 
fraud, Kreisher maintains that any-
thing they accepted from him was 
legal and "done in good faith ." 

"The things Bill took from Dixon 
involved his hospitality, which un-
der campaign rules is legal ," 
Kreisher said. "Other things, such 
as caterers, Lowery paid for and we 
have receipts to prove this." 

Kripke said he thinks Lowery 
may be "next on the prosecution 
list" in Washington. There are no 
indictments against him currently. 

While Kripke sees the fraud and 
banking issues as important, he said 
the main issues for students are his 
support for abortion choice, educa-
tion, loans, and the environment. 
Kripke said he believes he has shown 
consistent support for students and 
for education, especially since he 
has taught several classes without 
pay at the UCSD Medical School. 

The UCSD Guardian 

MEDIA 
Continued from page 1 
that the "cultural civil war" which exi ted between the 
conservative and liberal viewpoints during the late 
1960s is being used today by politicians to play on the 
emotions of voters and thereby gain upport for par-
ticular candidates. 

"Old resentments are stirred in an effort to get 
voters to cast yet one more vote in angry protest," 
Dionne said. "Our problems are not technological, 
they are about government failures and ideological 
gridlock." 

Hallin followed a similar theme, claiming that the 
media' s coverage of politics has become more intense 
and more critical lately as a result of political conflicts 
which occurred in the late 1960s and early 197Os, and 
theconsequentneed whichdevelopedduring thattirne 
for more explicit inve>tigative reporting. He cited 
Vietnam and Watergate as examples. 

Hallin also attributed the change in the focus of 
jownaIism to the general change in the nature of 
political campaigns. Politicians have developed cam-
paigns built around one-liners and photo opportuni-
ties, Hallin explained, because television news broad-
casts ttuive on brief pieces such as these. 

He said that because the barrier between entertain-
ment and news has eroded, television news needs to 
deliverasmuchinfonnationinaslinletimeaspossible. 
Political candidates adjust their campaign strategies 
accordingly, aiming for maximum exposure on "free" 
media, his term for television news broadcasts. 

In the question-and-answer period that followed, 
Dionnesupportedthisassertionandextendedittoprint 
jownaIism as well, explaining, '''There's alimi no what 
people want to read about political races." 

The problem with this self-feeding cycle is that 
voters almost never get to hear a candidate speak for 
more than 20 seconds, Hallin explained. It also leaves 
no time for politicians to discuss issues of substance. 

He said he felt that network correspondents criti-
cize this absence of wbstance in political campaigns 
and then proceed to focus on the more superficial 
aspects of the candidates themselves for lack of any-
thing else to report. 

NEWS 3 

HaiJin suggested that this cycle of superficial ity is the 
main factor contributing to the problems with the 1990 
campaign, describing it as a political race that has not 
succeeded in holding on to that sense of seriou ness that 
dominated the 1968 campaign. 

The third speaker, Sauter, countered the opinions of 
the first two, saying he could not see any problems in 
either politics or the media. 

"I am fundamentally less concerned than my col-
leagues about the pol itieal/media process leading up to 
an election," Sauter declared. He claimed that the in-
fonnation necessary to legitimately choose a candidate 
for office is readily available to the general public 
through radio, television, newspapers, magazines, and 
books. -

Sauter acknowledged that television as a sole source 
of information is not an adequate medium of political 
coverage because of its technical limitations and its 
inherent need to surround news by comrnen;ials. 

The fmal speaker, Van de Karnp, criticized the 
political system for fostering campaigns that disabled 
candidates from dealing with substantive proposals and 
condemning the media for initiating this problem. He 
referred to his past personal experience for examples to 
support his allegations. 

"I've been told by consultants repeatedly: 'Forget 
about the question, talk about whatever you want, .. ' Van 
deKampsaid. He described his dealings with the media 
as "frustrating." 

"Hound myself getting typed,characterized ... with-
out any knowledge of what I was about," Van de Kamp 
said 

He spoke mainly about the benefits of paid media 
over free media in the role of spreading information to 
voters on political issues. He described the problem with 
free media as a lack of repetition and focus. 

"Substantive proposals come after accusations and 
counter -charges among candidates," he said. 'The only 
constant is appearance." 

Vande Kamp cornmended paid media for its ability 
to present a focused and detailed message to the voters. 

He concluded his segment by stating that his defeat 
by Diane Feinstein in June occurred "because she better 
understood public sentiment ... she and her campaign 
managers better understood the press." 

CELEBRATING 10 YEARS OF SERVICE 

#\~[P) #\(R<~lL 
[g)(g$U(@[NJ ~~ 

U C 5 D 
Back to School SPECIALS 
~ V!WJ.~I I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
~©lM~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

0-90% . 
BELOW RETAIL 

• Tweeds • B.U.M. Equipment 
• Big Dog • Limited Express r----------, r----------, 

110% OFF I I I-SHIRTS I I with this ad. I I I 
I Cash purchases only. I I 400 eachl I 
L Exp. 11/5/90. .J L . .J 
---------- ----------

Wed.-Sat. 11am-6pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5pm 

• APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE • 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 

Miramar, California 
(619)-450-3323 

~ Mltsubishi Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $35 *(reg. $ss) 
1. Spat!< plugs Our tune up includes a lot more than others. " Includes: 
2. DIStributor points 6. Clean & reptenish an fluid & oil levels 10. Check undercarriage lor damages 
3. Condensers 7. Check brakes 11 . Check coot,ng system & hoses 
4. Adjust timing 8. Check dutch 12. Road test 
S. AdJust dwell angle 9. Check tights 

3S-point Major Service Special $ 79 * 
1. Compression test EXira /or (uel·mjected. Out major tune up rncludes: (reg. $150) 
2. Valve adjustmen: 11. Adjust timi1g 21. Check & replenish an 28. Check and recharge 

Replace: 12. Adjust dweI angle flUid and oil levels baRery, il necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket 13. Adjust carburetor 22. Check eletrical system 29. Rotate tires (il needed) 
4. Spark plugs 14. AdJUst steering box 23. Check for loose or lost 30. Check bre pressure 
5. Distributorpoinls 15. Adjus air & fuel rabo mix bolls 31 . Lube door hinges 
6. Coodensers. 16. Adjust clulch 24 Check brakes 32. Check all holders 
7. Air finer. 17. AdJust brakes 25. Check cMch 33. Check ccooling system & 
8. Oil finer. 18. AdjuSl errergency brakes 26. Check IIghls hoses 
9. Gas f'ler. and 19. Check & aojusl exposed 27. Check undercarriage for 34. Check exhaust system 
10. Engine oil belts damages 3S. Road test 

20. Lube front end 
Nor •. FOf 6·cyIir<jor cars add $20 Toyo,. Supras. add S30 DalSvn 200SX Wlih 8 spark plugs, add $35. 

Complete Clutch Job $169 * 
1. TransmiSSIOn input shah seal (e.cep! 

Hondas 
2. Pressure plate 
3. Clutch disc 

We re{iace: 
4, Throwout beaMg 
5. Pilot bearil1gs 
6. New transmISSion 011 
7. Road lest 

Note: Hydraulic pans are not covered. 
Not for 4WD. Front wheel drive eXIra 

Brake Job Special $39 *(~eg . $80) 
Front or rear. BaWl job 1I1c1lX1es: 

1. !nstal special new pads or install rear brake shoes S. Bleed entire brake system 
2. Drain old brake fluid 6. Adfust Iront (,f drums) and rear shoes 
3. InSl*l complete hy(jraulic system 7. Replace fiont rotor seals Of rotor turn) 
4. Refill hydraulic flUid 8. Road tesl 
Nola: Hydrauic parIS ara nor_ 

.,.... .... ,.rI .. Ask .-.out our ipeCi.1 nlte. for ... _ ove ...... l .. 
AU our .ork ..... 2·y_ or 2O,0000nII1e UMited .arr...ty. 

All ..... Include .,.-t- ........... 

ov ... -s~a~ ('most cars) 
.;:; ~ 8008 Miramar Rd. 89.1990 

au .. U ................ -.. Rip" OIfer good through Dec. t. 1990 With this ad. ~afl lor appomtment. 
••••••• 6 

Towing and rental car available. Monday·Fnday. 7:30 am-6 pm. Open Saturday 



OPINION 
4- OPINION 

Edirorial Board 
PHIL GRUEN. Editor in Chief 

---

ROBI MAC LEA . Managing Editor 
JASON SNELL. ews Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Editor 

TIK UCSD CiutUtUan 1$ publiihed three ames I week II the Universuy 0( california. San Diego. 
Conlcms CI990. VIC:'III~upres.scd herein rqn~nt the mIJOnly vote of the c:dltonai board, and art 001 
necessarily those or the UC Boant of Re&enls.. lhe ASUCSD, nc:w the enlire Guardian Staff. 

NO ON 128 

Big Green Costs Too Much 
Of the numerous state ballot initi atives this November,onestands 

out in the forefront: Proposition 128. Big Green. Touted by its 
supponersas agreat boost for environmental protection, a closer look 
raises numerous questions and doubts. 

Rather than offering coherent, rational solution for the state's 
serious environmental problems. Big Green becomes a bloated, 
convoluted mas of confusing rules and regulations. with a poten-
tially enormous economic jp1pact. Only a fool would argue that we 
don't have some serious environmental problems which need to be 
solved. We do. But Big Green is not the solution. 

Proposition 128 i primarily an exercise in e xces . Califomia has 
already adopted some of the mo t ambitious environmental laws in 
the nation. Among other things, California law n,:lndates that all 
automobiles be emi ion-free by no later than 2005. Big Green 
attempts to eradicate a number of environmental ills, but completely 
ignores others. For example, the q uaJity of water for swimming is 
emphasized, but thequaJity of drinking water i!. completely ignored. 

Additionally, the initiative would ban future off-shore oil ex-
ploration. A fme ge rure, butone which has already been made reality 
by the state Lands Commi sion. The initiative would ban a number 
pesticides. However, voters vinually wiped out the u:,e of all known 
carcinogenic pesticide with Proposition 65. Big Green seems to 
m.surnethatall pesticide5 are bad,and the ban would putastranglehold 
on the agnculture industry. 

The mitiative wou Id authorize the ISSue of$300 rnillion in bonds 
for the acqui ition and preservation of Califomia forests, in luding 
the redwoods. WhIle thi~ is perhaps the best pan of Big Green, 
Propo ilion 130 - also known as "Forests Forever" - is wrinen 
specifically about saving endangered forest land, and would do the 
job far more effi iemly than Big Green. 

The initiative would create a so-called "superfund" for oil pill 
clean-up. Unfortunately, this would corne from the already over-
taxed General Fund. as well as a per-barrel fee on oil . This fee, in 
addition to the proposed permanent moratorium on future off-shore 
oil drilling would not only cut off the state from almost $2 billion in 
future contracts , but place an enormous burden on theoil companies. 

Federal and state gas taxes have increased twice this year already, 
gas prices have already sky-rocketed as a result of the crisis in the 
Middle East. Oil companies have no qualms about passing their 
burdens on to the customers. 

An: voters willing to provoke yet another gas price incre&e? 
Probably not 

1be initiative calls for an unspecific reduction ofcarbon dioxide 
emissions to help offset the "Greenhouse Effect". This makes the 
naive assumption that the rest of the world - which accounts for 
roughly 98 percent of the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere - will 
follow in our pioneering footsteps. TIle authors of Big Green must 
have thought that if California emdicates carlJon dioxide, it would 
free itself of the Greenhouse Effect as well. 

TIle initiati ve calls for the creation of a so-called "Environmental 
Advocate."WhetherornotTomHaydenwantsthejobisn'tinlportant 
The problem wi th creating a mini-Environmental Protection Agency 
with an environmental "czar" is that it introduces yet another cog into 
the already overloaded bureaucratic machine. More bureaucracy is 
bad bureaucracy. The job of enforcing environmental legislation 
should be left in the hands of existing agencies. 

Perhaps the most unsavoty aspect of Big Green is the cosL 
AdrninistrativeCOSlSwilltop$90milIioninitially,decreasinggradually 
over the next ~e. Local governments would incur $8 million 
initially, and approximately $5-10 million annually, hopefully de-
creasing over the next few years. 

The most disturbing aspect of Big Green is the indirect fiscal 
impact that the initiative could incur. ACCO!ding to the California 
indeperxient legislative analyst, theoverall fiscal impact is unknown, 
which means voters can be sure of one thing: they will pay for 
everything the slate doesn 't. Taxes are sure to increase. 

Big Green is an inadequate answer to some immense problems. 
What other options do voters have? Proposition 135 is a feeble 
attemptbychemicalandoilcompaniestonullifyPropo ition I 28 and 
should be voted against as weU. Proposition 130, on the other hand, 
isanexcellentmeasurewhichwilItal<esolidstepstosaveCalifomia's 
forests from total destruction. 

The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, October 31 , 1990 

PROPOSITION C: f' f\\' ,\ CO l\; 

Cutting Through the Hype 
• PRO: Proposition C is 
a question of research 
By Zachary Berman, Slaff Writer 

When one wants to understand an argument, the 
best approach is to remove all emotion and \ook. at it 
logically. Unfortunately the opponents ofProposi-
tion C know this and use it to their advantage. They 
know their arguments are weak so they try to 
disguise them under a shroud of emotioo. I hope to 
remove this shroud. 

Proposition C is not about Fluffy or Boo 
winding up in a lab, trying out new foons of 
cosmetics. The proposition is designed to prevent 
this and there are some key provisions that will 
ensure that your pet willllOl end up in this scenario. 

An animal thaI has any fc,1lll of identification -
such as a collar or tattoo - will not be released for 
research. If the person who brings the animal in 
decides they do not want it to be released for 
medical research, it won 'I be. Also, if an animal is 
going to be sent to a research facility, an additional 
five-day waiting period is imposed. 

With aU these measures, it is doubtful your pet 

will wind up in a lab. 
All of the animals that are removed from the 

pound go to UCSD. Most of the tenible and 
useless lab experiments we read about are done by 
private labs. UCSD is state-run and must follow 
stringent rules which apply to the treatment of 
animals. 

Any experiment must first be reviewed by a 
committee. of experts. Included also is the provi-
sion that an animal which may experience pain or 
discomfort must receive anaesthesia or pain-
killers. ThroughoUI the whole ~ the 
animal is carefully monitored. On top of all this, 
strict federal laws dictate how the animals are to be 
housed and fed. 

Ironically, some researchers have noted that 
there are more rules for the use of animals in 
research !ban for the use of humans. The old 
scenario of the starving animal. in the 3 by 5 foot 
cage 00 longer applies here. 

It is interesting to note that the policy Propo-
sition C questions has been in effect for many 
years now. UCSD has had a long standing 
agreement with the county to receive pound 

See PRO, Page 5 

Mate UptergrovefGuardian 

We Are ~ing Manipulated 
• CON: Ending pound 
seizure won' halt research 
By Ben McAdams 

A few weeks ago, UCSD brought OUI a group 
called "Incurably DI for Animal Research" for a 
news conference in support of pound seizure, and 
Proposition C. 

It is indeed sad to see these chronically iJ1 
people manipulated and exploiled by the research 
community. I am sure that the "Incurably DI" are 
sincerely convinced that pound animals are 
necessary for medical research, since that is what 
they have been told by doctors and researchers at 
UCSD. 

It is not the "Incurably Ill," but tbe researchers 
who are being dishonest. 

Proposition C asks if the county of San Diego 
should continue to sell unclaimed animals from 

the county shelters to research facilities. But 
UCSD has made a campaign Qut of pretending 
that it is notjU$t a question of this one source of 
research animals, but the very future of medicine 
on the planet that is at stake. 

While the "Incurably DI" formerly only 
claimed that animal research was vital to save 
their lives, they are now trained to claim that it 
was research specifically on POllnd animals that 
helped save them. I guess if anyone ever tries to 
stop UCSD from imponing wild-caught monkeys 
for research. the "Incurably JU" will be dragged 
oul again, claiming that lheir lives depend on 
research using wild animals. 

The truth is that it is not the abolition of pound 
seizure that the researchers object to, but the ever-
increasing intrusion by the public into their once-
secretresearch world. No longer content with "Trust 
me, I'm a doctor," the public now demands ac-

See CON, Pag<'l 5 

Wednesday, October 31, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

PRO: Emotional argument is full of holes CON: Prop C is bogus 
Continued from page 4 
animals. The proposition will not 
force any change in the current 
policies of our pounds. The fear of 
ma sive pet loss to research is fool-
ish. How many of you have lost 
your pet to a research institution? 
As you can see, this will have no 
impact on our pets. 

Only 1.2 percent of the pound 
animals that are scheduled for death 
each year are released to medical 
research facilities . That is only 324 
animals out of the 25,000 that were 
destroyed. In the end, preventing the 
removal of pound animals for re-
search will not save an animal 's life. 

We should look at some of the 
arguments that are being voiced in 
opposition to this proposition. Op-
ponents claim that this proposition 
will result in le&s people taking ani-
mals to shelters. As we have seen, 
there is a provision in the proposi-
tion designed to allay such fears. If 
the person who brings in the animal 
doesn't warlt it to go to research, 
they can be assured it won't. 

Another argwnent that has been 

forwarded is that 54 out of 58 coun-
ties don ' t have pound release. It 
should be remembered that San 
Diego is one of the few counties 
located near a major medical re-
search lab. It should also be noted 
that 49 out of the 50 states allow for 
the release of pound animals for 
medical research. 

Ifthis procedure was stopped, it 
would cost taxpayers twice as much 
for medical research. We would see 
a significant impediment in the time 
req uired for research to progress. 
This would mean cures for life-
threatening diseases , such as 
A.I.D.S. and Alzheimer's, will re-
main in the distant future. 

11 doesn' t take a genius to see it is 
much better to die for a cause than to 
die senselessly. On Oct. 8, two 
Americans won Nobel Prizes for 
work which was a direct result of 
animal research. Dr. Joseph Murray 
pioneered the first kidney transplant 
alter years of working on dogs. Dr. 
E. Donnall Thomas developed bone 
marrow transplants for cancer pa-
tients which was due to his work 

Wmatrix· 

STUDENT SPECIAL 
Women's Precision CutS .......... $18.00 
Men's Precision Cut ............ , .... $14.00 
.---:. 
• OI-tOIIR ., I I HDh ____ ohIr.,. , 

L~ ____ ~_~ _____ ~ ____ ~ 

rer~~5 
La Jolla Village Square 
MON.-FRI. 10-9; SAT, 11-5.455-1700 

p. CQ·MPUTERS -. :~~~ LA JOLL ·A ~: 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• INCLUDES: ==~ == • 
• ·2 DRIVES ; ?€ ;-:~ • 
• • 640 MEMORY ==-=~= $645 • PRINTER COMPATIBLE 
• • I-VA. WARRTY CofI¥JIete SI#CI9m • 
• • SOFTWARE'- • 

: ;:t~;:: CALL 454-5544 : 
• Service &' Repair au..-. Umilod • 

• • • La111
J
O IT I orcre

A
y gP

2
in
O
e
3
s
7

Road, Suite A • m: m • 
• 0 a, Financ:inQ & le.SlnQ AVlll.oie • 

with animals. The important thing 
to remember is that these examples 
ju t cratch the surface. 

Medical re earch with animal 
has developed treatment , vaccines, 
and sometimes cures for diseases 
such as cancer, polio, lung disease, 
diabetes, kidney disease, orthope-
dic injuries, and birth defects. 

We can also thank animal re-
search for penici llin, insulin, and 
many other drugs. The list goes on 
and on. 

All medicine, surgery proce-
dures, and vaccines which are used 
on animals are a result of animal 
research. Not only do humans ben-
efit from such research, but so do 
our pets. 

Let us finally remove the shroud 
and expose the real motives of the 
opponents to the measure. This small 
minority wants to see all animal 
experimentalionstopped. This isjust 
one step toward that goal. 

A "yes" vote on Proposition C 
would prevent you or a loved one 
from becoming a victim to this small, 
yet very vocal minority. 

Continued from page 4 
countability and to have a say in 
how theirtax do llars are spent in 
research grants. 

The lling of their lost pets 
from county shelters is one of the 
most glaring examples of a bad 
policy that has gone unchallenged 
for too long. 

Reform and regulation are the 
logical outcome of public scru-
tiny of the research laboratory, 
and that is what UCSD will des-
perately try to stop. 

Last yearUCSD stopped buy-
ing pound cats, and there is docu-
mentation that they have been 
preparing for the abolition of 
pound seizure fo r some time. 

Since federal research grants 
already provide a generous al-
lowance for laboratory animals, 
it is simply not true that UCSD 
cannot afford to obtain research 
dogs from other ources than the 
county shelters. 

The 300-plus dogs used last 

year represent only a fraction of 
the 60,000 animals used in tud-
ies at UCSD. This is not the 
"vi tal," "essential ," and "critical" 
si tuation they port ray. 

With three major headline 
tories of research fraud at UCSD 

in the past few months, it would 
be more prudent for them to 
abandon the overstatement and 
hyperbole in favor of.the truth. 

Pound seizure is convenient, 
that is all. It is a matter of choice, 
not nece sity. And it is the wrong 
choice. People 's lost pets have 
no place in a research laboratory. 
Pound animal never were, are 
not now, and never will be nec-
essary to achieve medical 
progress. 

r hope the public is not fooled 
as easily as are the unfonunate 
" Incurably !II for Animal Re-
search." 
Ben McAdams is a member 
of Citizens for Humane A"er-
natives - No On C 

At the Soup Exchange 
you can get soup, salad, 
fruit, muffins, cookies, 

frozen yogurt. 
-------------------

... 

~ittl l 

In Soup 
and Salad 
We Trust 

C"up"n n". 
\altd ,,"h 
In\ I~ ha 

lllkr 

-------------------

And this little slice of 
bread. 

( soup EXdianit ) 
The all-you- hould-eat-restauranL., 

I 
I 
I 
I 

I I 
I 
I 

... 

LaJoUa 
7777 Fay Avenue 

Golden Triangle 
4282 Esplanade Court 
Costa Verde Shopping Center 

Pacific Beach 
1840 Gamet Avenue 

•••••• _ •• _ ••• __ ._ •• _ •• L..-------------------------------..J 



• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

6 OPINION 

The ··Othe"'· Copy Center 

"" Self-Serve Macs 
Ii" Word processing 
"" Desktop Publishing II. Typewriters 

Expert Rssistance Rvai/ob/e 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

25% Off 
All Macintosh krvicul 

with this ad 
~Ires 11131190 

• 
• 
• 4 I 50 Regc?/.15 Pori< "oOW 
• La .!ol!.:, 
: (By f3eI'1 CiI .lei r/,; ) 
• 457·1007 
• 

-=-=_._. Let Us Earn Our Stripes! __ = 

YEARS 
AHEAD 

IlAIRCUTS by". 
Wonal. $17 (reg. S25) 
Mea .14 (reg. S19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Pm" cl HmrCUl $50 
or Hig/tliKiII & HoircUl 

For appoinlmenJ, please call 457·29JO. 
8950 Vil/Q lA JoUa Dr., Su.2120 

Are You Considering 
Professional School? 

is looking for future leaders in Public 
Affairs. We offer a 2-year Master's program 
in Public Policy, with concentrations 
offered in: 

• Criminal Justice 
• Energy & Environmental Policy 
• Govemment & Business 
• Health Policy 
• Housing & Community Development 
• Human Services, Labor & Education 
• International Affairs & Security 
• International Development 
. Intemational Trade & Finance 
• Press & Politics 
. Science & Technology 
• Transportation 
• Urban Economic Development 

Interested? Then come meet with the Kennedy 
School Representative wha will be on your campus 
on : 

DATE: 
TIME: 
LOCATION: 

November 1 
1:00 
Please Contact the 
Career Services Center 
For This Information 

All STUDENTS, All YEARS, All MAJORS WElCOMEI 

The UCSD Guardian 

Women Are Not Objects 
Editor: 

In reference to L. James Rob· 
erts ' disturbing and frightening let-
terofOct. 24, we must point out that 
it expresses precisely the kind of 
demented "they ·re a king for it" 
mode of thinking which leads to 
sexi m , rape , and other violent 
crimes against women. 

Yo ur opinion, Mr. Roberts, that 
"allY attitude about sex i healthy" 
leads me to wonder what your views 
on child pornography and mole ta-
tion are. While we agree with you 
that "it is the way our attitudes are 
acted upon that can be dangerous," 
you fail to make the very connection 
between attitudes and actions that 
results in the " few wackos" you 
refer to who "ruin yourchances"of 
enjoying some good, old-fashioned 
sexist advertising and commercial 
exploi tation of women. 

Where do you draw the line be-
Iween these "wacko" attitudes and 
your assumption that any male 
"between his girlfriend's thighs" 
should naturally regard her as a sex 
object? I have news for you, Mr. 
Roberts: women are not objects. If 
Mr. Bach is, as you accuse, s imply 
trying to impress women, I assure 
you he was much more successful 
Ihan you were. 

Melissa Collins 
Kris Reid 

Carol Meinhardt 

Police Action 
Questioned 
Editor: 

On Oct. 23, I was walking through 
Revelle Plaza around 3 p.m . and I 
noticed a group of skateboarders 
huddled around the Bike Cop wait-
ing for their citations. One of these 
unlucky skate-rats was standing on 
her skateboard, scooting around in a 
circle. Another officer present told 

DANKRIPKE 
stands for women's 

rights and reproductive 
choice. 

8437 

her to get off. She initially ignored 
hisorderwhilecuntinuinghercircle, 
bringingherselftoastop in the same 
place she started. She got off her 
skateboard and the officer continued 
to walk towards her. 

I assumed he was going 10 speak 
to her about her defiance. But instead 
he reached for her skateboard and 
they began a tug-of-war. She was a 
petite Asian girl- I am tenible at 
g uessing weights but she definitely 
weighed less than 100 pounds. He 
quickly overpowered her, took the 
skateboard, and grabbed her by the 
ann . 

When he grabbed her, she con-
tinued to resist until he dropped the 
skateboard and forcefully brought 
heroverto the grass, threw her to the 
ground and, with the aid of the Bike 
Cop, pinned her down and hand-
cuffed her. He then sat her on a 
bench - handed her her broken 
g lasses and called for backup. 

I was astonished. 
[ will not deny the fact that she 

was breaking the law first by riding 
her skateboard, and second by re-
sistingarresL However, the situation 
should have been handled differ-
ently. 

For example, the girl did get off 
her kateboard when asked. Why 
did the officer have to pursue the 
matter ful1her? She was no longer 
breaking the law. She was already 
waiting in line to receive her $25 
citation. The situation had resolved 
itself. 

However, this officer's ego was 
not satisfied. He wanted to confis-
cate her skateboard; he wanted to 
really show her who had the power. 

I expect she will have to face 
charges in front of her college's 
judicial board, as well as in court. 
One aspect that should be consid· 
ered is simply, did the officer have 
the legal right to take her skate-
board? Does he have the right to 

Wednesday, October 31,1990 

confiscate your bike when you ride 
it in the plaza? Does he have the 
right to confiscate your car when 
you run a stop sign in the parking 
lot? 

(fhe didn't have the right to take 
her skateboard, than I believe the 
arrest was cel1ainly illegal. He 
seemed to arrest her on the grounds 
that she refused to give up her 
skateboard and also on the grounds 
that she would not submit to his 
manhandling. I strongly believe that 
this gi rl should file a grievance suit 
and press charges against both ar-
resting officers for false arrest, and 
assault and battery. Don't take this 
laying down! 

If you need help, I'm sure the 
Student Advocate in the Student 
Center will be very willing to help. 
This aggressive use of force was 
completely unnecessary and un-
called for. Unfol1unately, it seems 
to be the nonn. The UCSD police 
force walks around like a bunch of 
gun.toting cowboys in a western 
movie. 

They seem to have nothing bet-
ter to do than harass students so that 
they can feel their power. Well, I 
hope they enjoy it while it lasts. I'm 
going to graduate and leave thjs 
place for good. 

Justin Torpey 

The UCSO GoordIon wel-
comes )'OIK IeIIars and CXlI1IIIIIIII-
1arIeI. 0I0p ,our IeIIer cI .. 
Guerdon oIficeI (on .. .cxwJ 
IIoor «!be old' ~ CenIar, 
~ ... G.n.al Slaw) or mall 
,itto: 

Opinion Edib-
GwIdian 

9SOOGIlman Dr. 0316 . 
to Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
leIIInshouidberypad, dahl&-

spaced, and should include 0 
signatunt ond 0 phone number. 
lJn$ignedieleBwillnotbeprinled. 
We r--.. !he right 10 edit for 
length and dority. 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

ePregnancy Termination 
e General or Local Anesthesia 
e Low Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conception) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
eStudent Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

Q';r;t 
fMi1LjJ a choice 

... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

Wednesday, October 31,1990 The UCSD Guardian 7 

The Sisters of 
DELTA GAMMA 
Proudly Present Our 
1990 Pledge Class 

Maggie Frick 
Cathy Reynolds 
Erin Hawk 
Vishaka Vora 
Jillian Cohen 
Michelle Corey 
Ilene Wolf 
Stacie Feldman 
Jennifer Zarnegar 
Jenny Burcham 
Sally Sherry 
Kim Harris 
Supriya Kelkar 
Wendy Lacko/ 
Tracy Borison 
Stephanie Aswegan 
Arian Boulger 
Kathy Bovy 
Gina Caputo 
Kristin Carson 
Mimi Choi 
Alicia Dirk 
Laurie Elsner 
Skye Garrett 

Trina Gelbard 
Shona Heatherly 

Kimberly Karp 
Rozy Kazemzadeh 

Sue Lee 
Robyn Levine 

Karie Lingle 
Heather Lucas 

Jennifer Macko 
Anna Melikidse 
Julianne Millar 

Cindy Parker 
Kim Peterson 

Catherine Pharis 
Paige Pospahala 

Elizabeth Reynolds 
April Sanchez 

Kim Scala 
Bethany Schramm 

Anne Simi 
Lisa Shoemaker 
Heather Stolte 
Jessie Statsley 

Elizabeth Urbanski 

You're Permanently Anchored in D.·G. 

Come Hear 
Jane Brody 

Science, Food, and Nutrition Writer 
The New York Times 
speaking about 
"Can You Eat 
What You Read?" 
Friday, November 2 
6 p.m. 
at the La Jolla Marriott 

Fifty complimentary tickets are avail-
able to UCSD students. General ad-
mission is $40 per person, including 
a reception. Students who are inter-
ested in obtaining a complimentary 
ticket should call 534-3400. Tickets 
can be picked up at the Student Ser-
vices Office, UCSD Extension Complex, 
9600 North Torrey Pines Rd. 

Phone 534 3400 for more Informotlon 

INFORMATION & ACADEMIC LIBRARIES 

CONTEMPORARY 
ISSUES 

50 
... a course designed to teach you strategies 
for doing library research better and faster 

T his course provides insight into a world of information that 
students have no idea exists. 

Students are amazed at the amount 
and variety of sources and the 
specificity they can find by using the 
techniques introduced in the class. 

S tudents who have taken CI/SO say: "I'd recommend this class to 
anyone (just about)-most 

People aren't aware of the 'wealth of 
resources ' available in libraries. 

"Many have asked me about this 
class, and I don 't hesitate to tell them 
what a fantastic and useful one it is. " 

"The class is invaluable to 
anyone serious about develop-
ing research techniques and 
skills in squeezing the last drop 
of information out of the library. 

One section of CI/SO is offered 
for Winter Quarter, 1991 : 

TuesdayrThursday 
9-9:50 a.m. 
Location: 

Undergraduate Library Room 2100 
Instructor: Kari Lucas 

Phone: 534·1208 

WINTER 
QUARTER 

1991 

TRICK OR TREAT 

_ . 

Cll990 OofT'MnOS Plm Inc 

IT'S TIME FOR DOMINO'S PIZZA~ 
CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Ct. 

HOURS: 
11 am-I am Sun.-Thu rs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 

r~;~ON~UZ;H~~~LAllNiGHTSPEaAL1 
: One Medium 0 Two Medium • $ I 
I ORIGINAL R ORIGINALS : 7 29 : 
: $7.99 ~~. $11.99 f1~· . • : 
l ane Medium Domino's ORIGINAL • 0 ORIC h p' Pepperoni Pizza Feast, loaded with • ne large 1 AL c eese.zza • 
I with 1 topping 01 your chnice lor extra Pepperoni and extra Cheese for. I Off ood • 
I ONLY $7.99 plus tax or gct two for ius t ONLY $7.29 p u tax. er g S4.00 more, ONLY 511.99, plus tax. • after 9:00 p .m. ONLY. • 
I Offer good on Delivery or Carryout. • • 
I JUST ASK! • 
I 

• 

• P~mtnhonrouponwhfnordfrin8 Not • 
N<11 '01.11\1 with Iny OlMr 01(<< I nhd with lin,. Qlher off" Price m.II i v.ry. • 

I lImil~ dfhvrry.1'H 10 tn!urt ufl!! dritJlng LimllN dfU\lery 111ft to ,nsuT'! !101ft dri\ltn8· Ourdrlvfl"l c. rry leu tNn $20 •• Our drlvrn c.try Ie!! than S20 • 
I bpUff 11/»'90. • b"p"" llll U90. • CLN I 



8 NEWS 

~;:-----,.--------------..,----

Ca~ C[]py 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holiday a. (~xt to Domino's Paza) • 452-9949 
M·F 8 :30·6 p .m h 11 26 90 
Sat 1-4 p .m WIth UCSD 10 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involve daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation. 
Volun teers paid $50 _00 for participation_ 
If interested, call 534-4955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534-6847. 

In the eXT stat ion '" computer, we've 

managed to squcczc the most possible com-

puter into the least possible paceTo say 
nothing of the least possible price. 

A low pricc that includes not only a 

The UCSD Guardian 

Consulting ... is it for you? 
TPF&C is coming to UCSD 

\\ l!l ) 
We are an In ternational o rganiUltion of management consuhants I.nd IctUATies spedaliZlOg 
In to,1Il rompen.5l.tion - pay and benefits - actuarial. communication, .. nd related human 

resource ronsultins terVices. 

1\11\1 
We serve nationl.i and mullinationAJ organiutions in virtually every lndustry .u well 1.5 

clients in government . educ.aUon, IJld not·for·profil sectors. One of the largest ~d oldE."St 
organwtioru in its field , TPFkC has been I«Ving dients since 191'1. 

\\ Itl " " \\111 1(1 
We will be .. UCSD for the Technical Job Flir on Thunday. No....,~' \ . 

b~tw~en 10:30 Uft. and 2:30 p.m. in the University Center &llroom. 

" II' 
We offpr excellent opportunities for students with course"'-'Ork and interest 

in lhe (ollowingUf'u: 
• MATHEMA'iiCS I sTAn sncs 
• ECON OM ICS 
• BUS INESS ADM INISTRA nON 
• HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT 

If you are interested In learning more. come and see us at the Technical Job Fair 
on Thursday. November I . 1990 al the Universily C .... ter JIaIlrooo> 

ITlf", ., tlti"i ".., NU srr."8 u/'l'hi/ irin ... If,." ... , • ., dMl lI.p ll, . PI . ,., .'.iur-
s;ty i ill )IO lrIr won, • • 11 ~. ' ' '' kHI .f "...fost_aJ Mtisfoai .. ... 1 fYU M JUflII,. .. J41U . 

NrIlIH •• t. TPF&C· a",r/k h amu, M •• lf6irv Dirwcur .jTPFt!J-C. 

TPF&C 

keyboard and monitor, RIGHT UftIII YOU 
but eight megab~tes of nun, 
memory. a built-in 2. -mega- , ... GET TWO 
byte floppy disk drivc and '-II11II 

ROUGHS FOR 
eAlstationcomc ' THE PRICE OF ftalL 

with a lOS-megabyte un 

Ethernet. In 

addition, thc 

hard disk, onto wh ich we have in-

stalled a rather formidable software 

package that includes Writc ow, 

. l/alnf'rfltll im.® eXTmail '· and 

Digital Webster:" So all you have to 
do i~ plug it In and you·rc ready to 
go to work . ' au e\en get a frec trial 

~ubscription to eATWORIJY" 
magazine. to kcep you up to datc. 

Best of aiL \\·e ~.r..c'.W: 

\I ill ~end a free cop~ of the e\.traordinar) 
spre3d~hcet program, LOLU~ Impro\"" (3 '$69S 
\'aluc) to e\cr')one who purchases and 
regi -een. a . eXT'itatJon. [\e:\I<:ubc or 040 
upgrade hoa rd before Occcmber 31. 1990.' 

We couldn't c\ cn "ue, .. where yOU ('ould r- . 
makc a comparable purcha~c . But \\e ca n 

thi s onc. Chcck thc ~pal"C 
belo\\ to Ii nd the location 
of your ("al1lpu~ re~cllcr. 
· 1.(II .. ~IIIII'I'''''''' 1,.1,11.1 .... 1,·11.1\-'11 .. 1'" 1'''It''\,\I( 'l'ul,ll, \11 •• I_ '0(;.\,1 
11.,'\(\1 ~'.K"".Irf":"I.h·drr .. ,k.·I\"'1r. ~'\I '\\I'I.tI~ 1 11 ,\\,\1 JI, ',\In'Jot .''ktl)'!!'!Ji 
\\C"~IC'I.m 1I,,<.kftl .. r~, Ilf ,. \ I (.IInI"u\r 1"1 \\1111. ,\, .• I~ J I,'t". , ,, .1,. J,k- 1 '.I.Ir. ~ I '1.1''''' 
C ~I V;J~r",.II/'fll ... fl,:.'.I\'rnlt'....s..n' .. ' ... "I \\,-1".1111 Hn,'.-J.,h 1" , \11 .. I IlfJ. '.tIl., 
IIH.:I\IlIIt}UJ 11IC~'1l1C. I" ,hClt Inl','t U\l: ' .... 1"-"1\ 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 

[,"\1\ 'ERSI1Y 

534-4291 

RlL - AOO9 • 10/31/90 

Wednesday, October 31, 1990 

COURSE 
Continued from page 1 
role of culture in sexuality. 

Thecourse will allow for student 
input as well as what he teaches, 
according to Miller. 

"I want to get a sense of the 
students and what they need for 
theirowndevelopmentandgrowth," 
Miller commented. "The first two 
weeks will probably be spent nego-
tiating the content of the class." 

Miller said cooperative teaching 
efforts have usually worked well in 
the past for his classes. 

"1beclass will focus on gay and 
lesbian cultures and the variety of 
ways in which it expresses itself in 
our culture," said Miller. 

"There will be equal emphasis 
on men and women," he added, 
stressing that ethnicity, class stand-
ing, and regional origins as well as 
youth and seniors will be covered. 

"Homosexuals are not just white 
gay males," Miller said, citing that 
description as a commonly-held 
stereotype. 

"I sense that our culture is at an 
opening point. There is lots of in-
terest in how to understand and get 
a grip on this important pan of life, " 
Miller said. 

"I am interested in the varied, 
multicultural character of life," 
Miller added. "With one another 
and within ourselves, we are tossed 
against conflicting cultures." 

Tim McDaniels, chair of the S0-
ciology Department, said that he 
heard about the course from the 
Council of Provosts. 

He said that the syllabus he re-
ceived outlined a course of high 
qUality. He also said Miller's cre-
dentials were excellent. 

According to McDaniel, the up-
per-division course will enroll only 
40 students, which will help facili-
tate discussion. 

A graduate of Stanford and Yale 
Universities, Miller has a back-
ground in history and humanities. 
His past experience consists of 
traveling and teaching at various 
schools including Stanford, Yale, 
University of Hawaii, and a school 
in Japan. 

-::.Gt'ifi,DIAN 
Monday, W6d'Nt8clay, Friday • 

You ask, 
"Why use 
Council 
~v~I?" 
........ ,..11 ...... ·1 
1. The bat In ttudCl'IIibud!Ct 

.rfIIra TO IoNYWHEII£I 
L AU. E".1pMK11ISUed ON 

THESPOn 
a. Int.anIIIIONI Student IdenCIty 

Caldlillued here. (We cwn 
1AIk.t the plcturel) 

4. ATMOSPHERE. 
S. Our a,ents are Ir..-d upeI1L 
.. WE ME RIGHT ON CAMPUS! 
7. The belt tr8'iCI gear end 

trM ,uIdcs tOIdhc,.. 
•• HoItel Cardllllucd ~. 
t . WOIkttNIdc ea.ocnlUrC lOIn. 

10. lArJ9uI9C end WOI1c AbIoed 
~--DOIS THAT ANSWD 

YOUR QUESTION? 
Council Travel 

ucso PIIeE (DOtI! 
(.t)O¥C the WOf1NItion bOOCll) 

451·0630 

Wednesday, October 30, 1990 

BY JENNIFER KOLSKY 

The UCSD Guardian 

• A photographer 
searches for the 
decisive image 

How was I expecting to 
photograph a community in 
mourning? 

I was searching the crowd for 
an image that would capture the 
pathos. 

I stayed close to the ground 
with m y camera ready, trying to 
avoid the-angry stares of t hose 
that I was violating. 

I lo oked for anger, tears, 
streng th, something unusual. 
Something to tell their story. 

I waited for the moment while 
I kept shooting frames. Back-up 
frames . 

And I finally discovered the 
image , t he moment. Someti mes 
it never happens. 

T he n all the image-makers 
f1 0ckcd to the image. 

At that moment, I didn't care 
ifI was invading another's space. 

At that moment, I didn ' t care 
if my camera was annoyingly 
IOlld . 

At t hat mome nt, I didn ' t eare 
ifthc ceremony was interrupted . 

But, when I had run o ut of 
fi lm, I was emotionally drained, 
shaking and do e to tears. T h se 
things do tend t bother mc. 

When an imagc starts to form 
in the developer, and it is whar 
YOll wanted and waited for, the 
end just ifies the means. 

PHOTO 9 



10 NEWS 

BOND 
Continued from page 1 
money is going. Last year a bond 
issue was approved for San Diego 
State University to keep their fees at 
the ame price, butthe money didn 't 
gototheirtuition.lnstead, it went to 
balancing the state budget." 

'The monies are very specifi-
cally targeted for the schools," 
Woods explained. 'They areonly to 
be used for construction to outfit 
building and equipment for tho e 

buildings once they have been 
completed. So far, we have gOllen 
completely fair treatment with the 
bonds passed for construction." 

Members of some groups his-
toricallyopposed to bond i sue find 
themselve upponing Proposition 
143. 

"The [Republican] party hasn 't 
taken a tand yet, but personally I 
like it," said Tim Budd, president of 
the UCSD College Republicans. 
"Money i usually being given to 
lower education. Last year 40 per-

LAW AND SOCIETY 

'TIte UCSD Guardian 

cent of the state budget was allotted 
for lower education. That leaves 
highereducation incompetition with 
welfareandotherinstitutions forthe 
remaining 60 percent. I will prob-
ably vote ye on 143 and no on the 
majorityoflhe [other) bond i sue ." 

Some campus projects that would 
be helped by the approval of 
Propo it ion 143 include the con-
structionofa new visual ans facility 
to relieve a severe space short.age; 
the purchase of equipment for 
chemistry and biology laboratories 

Interdisciplinary Minor. Program oj Concentration 

L AW AND SOCIETY is an interdisciplinary program that emphasizes the complexity and interrelation hip of legal , ocial and ethical issues in their 
historical contexts. The minor is available to all UCSD students considering 
law-related careers. The purpose of the program is to enhance students' critical 
analysis of social and ethical is ues related to law and of the legal implications 
and ramifications of policy and decision-making in their fields. To assure an 
interdisciplinary learning experience, students must include in their program at 
least one course from each of the following academic depanments: History, 
Philo ophy, Political Science and Sociology. 

Students who complete the program but do not use it for a minor, may elect to 
have a special notation on their transcript cenifying completion of their 
coursework. 

Winter Quarter Course Offerings 
Communication/SF 139A Law, Communication & Freedom of ExpreSSion 

Call 534-1 704 regarding enrollmenr in Com/SF 139A 
Economics USA 
History US 151 
Linguistics/General 105 
Philosophy 12 
Philosophy 120 
Political Science 40 
Political Science l04A 
Political Science l04B 
Political Science l04F 
Sociology 140 

Sociology 142 

Law and Economics 
American Legal Hi tory since 1865 
Law and Language 
Logic and Decision Making 
Political Philosophy 
Introduction Lo Law and Society 
The Supreme COlll\ and the Constitution 
Civil Liberties - Fundamental Rights 
Seminar in Constitutional Law 
Sociology of Law (nor lisled in Schedule of Classes) 
Prof, Joseph Gusfield, Tu-Th 8:30-9:50, HSS 2250 
Course Code 8616 
Social Deviance 

Information on specific requirements, declarations, petitions, 
and transcript notation requests may be obtained at 
3238 Literature Building (second floor) or phone: 534-1704 

in the Sciences Building that is 
currently under construction; 
working drawing for Classroom 
Building One on the Matthews 
Campus; preliminary plans for a 
ocial ciences building; and pre-

liminary plans for renovation to 
Mandeville Center. 

"The Undergraduate Sciences 
Building has already renovated 
some of its laboratories and im-
proved seismic safety," Woods said. 

"It is critical to these very tan-
gible projects thal this bond passes. 

Wednesday, O ctober 31, 1990 

The space is badly needed," Woods 
continued. 

UC Vice Pre ident for' Bttdget 
and University Relations William 
Baker pointed out that "since 1986, 
bond is ues like Propo ition 143 
have been the backbone of our 
building program ... [it] must con-
tinue on a steady pace if we ever 
hope to meet our present or fu ture 
needs. Otlterw ise, our campuses will 
end up like our highway system, 
clogged with traffic, unable to meet 
the needs of Californians." 

B! REGISTRATION FORM Name ____________________________________ __ PROJECT PLAIN TALK: 
SEXUALITY & FAITH 

NOVEMBER 9,10,11 
Fri.: 6-8 pm; Sat. 10 am-2 pm; Sun. 2-5 pm 
"If you know the biology and want to explore/expand 
your knowledge and build a value system about 
sex ... then this is the workshop for you." 

WORKSHOP 
LEADERS: 

Dr. Lynnea Lindsey, Educator/Counselor 
Mr. Scott Parker, Activities Coordinator, Warren College 
Rev. Bob Wagener, Chaplain, UCSD 

o 
'b 

FEE: $5.00 Pre-registration. $8.00 at the door 
SPONSOR: UNITED CAMPUS MINISTRY-UCSD** 
INFORMATION: CALL 534-2521 

--The ministry of the Presbyterian. United Methodist. United Church of Christ, 
Disciples 01 Chrlsl. Church of the Brethren Denominations. 

o 
o 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
, 

., 

!! 
i 
i 

Address __________________________________ __ 

_________________________ Zip ____________ _ 

Telephone No. _____________ Age ______ _ 

College at UCSD ____________________________ _ 

and year __________________________________ __ 

Please circle: Encloeed Is 
my $5 Reg Fee 

Make chedl payable to: United Cainpos Ministry 

I will be paying 
$8 at the door 

Your reg. fee wi' help top cover the cost of printed materials. and three meals-Friday 
(supper). Saturday (lunch). and Sunday (supper) 
For tur1her inlormation please call 534-2521 

The workshop win lake place at the Warren Commons-Warren Apartment Complex 

I understand that sexually explicit materials will be presented 
and discussed. 

Signature: 

Wortlahop will be limited to the first 30 students to sign up 

Return 10: United Campus Ministry •• 502 MMC. 0.()81 

Wednesday, October 31,1990 

·NOIIO exceed S I . 50 
an adve1llure I,. cards & gifts 

mo Regents Rd. 
La Jolla Colony PlnJ next 10 vons 

450-0709 

kmko~· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Garnet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

You Don't 
Have to be 

An 
Einstein 

To Understand 
the Benefits of 
an Internship 

An Internship Is the 
best way to put theory 

Into practice. The 
energy expended by 

students In Internships 
can be convened 

Into career experIence 
that looks very 

good on a resume. 

FOR DETAILS 
CONTACT: 

Academic Internship 
Program 
2nd floor ' 

Literature Building 
Room 3255 
534-4355 

M.SOCCER 
Continued from page 16 
Armstrong noted, the Coyotes got 
the engine staned just in time. 

''I've got good respect for them. 
They've gOllen their act together," 
he said. 

Ironically, the Tritons may have 
provided CSUSB with the incen-
tive it needed. 

It was the first half of the Octo-
bercontest, when the Tritons were 
running the Coyotes (14-5) off their 
own field. 

Annstrong used the opportunity 
to give some of the backups some 
sizable playing time, and appar-
ently CSUSB saw something of-
fensive in his lineup moves. 

"They played much tougher in 
the second half, and it's continued 
ever since. It looks like they found 
their lineup," Armstrong said. 

Almost a month later, the tables 
have turned. Now it's the Tritons 
( 15-2-1) who, despite playing well, 
are trying to find their lineup. 

According to Armstrong, jun-
ior forward Mike Albens, the ma-
jor part of the lineup which has 
been miSSing, is about to make his 
return. 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 11 

1990 NCAA DIVISION III MEN'S SOCCER BRACKET 

KENYON 1111-0.) 
WOOSTER (14·.-1) 

M!WIHOI..AHD 1----_ r-----i GR£AT ........ 
W CONNECTICUTST 11.5) 
SALEM ST. (' .. 3·1) 

KAlAMAZOO 11 5·2) 
OHIO WESlEYAN (1$-4) 

NOV 100lIl11 1--____ -, r------I NOV. l0o..lI 

.. "m, ••• OT 

IEllWIY (''''''2) 
IAARYWASHINGTON 112·. · 1) r------, 

VA.WESLEYAN(I .. 02) 

_ST" ... ) 

lOI'tlAl 
NO'i. l'0fIi17 

""'" NOY. 110f1 " 

........ u 
NOV.l.Oft,r 

'------I .. o.An.ume 

WHEATON 

ELlZA BEllHOWN (1 f.O.1) 

SWARTHI.IOREI'H) 

MUHLENBERG (13·3' 2) 

SCRANTON 111·3·2) 

WHEATON 118·2) 
..aYE 

WASHINGTON 11 2·5) 
MocMUAAAY (I .. :1-, ) 

HOY. I. 01111 1--____ -' 
'-------1 HOY. l'DAn 

KEAN('S-S) 
TRENTON 8T. II3-<· 2) 

MONTCLAIR 8T.I ' .. 3) 
OLAUlOllO IT. (' I-H) 

Alberts has missed almost four 
weeks with a head injury he suf-
fered against CSUSB in the same 
garne mentioned above. 

"He will start. ['m really, really 
pleased to see him back. He's a 
very valuable memberof the team," 
Annstrong said. 

..... CALESTEA , .. , 

ST. THOMAS ("·'-2) 

L-. ____ ~c;:;,RAU UCSAHOIEGO(1rr2.') 

"We're almost playing as well 
as we want to be. Maybe he 's the 
missing link." 

Other than the expected return 
of Albens, Armstrong feels his 
team is ready to go. 

"The first game's always a little 
awkward. We've got a few new 

CSUSS I '''5) 

Dana Chaiken/Guardian 
people ... but if we can get pastthe 
first game and get a little momen-
tum going, we should be all right," 
he said. 

Still, the Tritons, and Amt-
trong, are not lacking confidence. 

"It 's going to have to be a heck 
of a good team to beat us," he said. 

Come see our new ring styles this fall! 
See the many ways to personalize your ring! 

Place: Price Center Plaza 

Ask about our monthly payment plans! 

RIL • AIXl! · t CV29i90 

Date: October 29 - 31 from lOam - 3 pm 
Deposit Required: $30.00 
Special PaymcnI Ptans Available ••• 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza is still UCSD's finest origi-
nal pizzeria. Tearoutthe BJ's coupon 
and get your taste buds to BJ's. For 
UCSD's serious pizza eaters I (9124-
11/30) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. NearSt. Germains. 
452-9949. (9124-11/30) 

Wnting Help. I've discovered/created 
unique, Fun - yes, fun! approaches 
for serious projects . Begin 481 -1810. 
(10/3-11/30) 

Scholarships/grants for college are 
available. Millions go unclaimed yearly. 
Call 1-800-334-3881. (10/8-11 /14) 

BIG GREEN, documenlary to support 
Prop 128 to handle the environmental 
crisis. Video free every M&W at noon, 
MCC 221 3rd College Media Center. 
(1 0/15-11 /5) 

PROJECT PLAIN TALK : SEXUAL-
ITY AND FAITH ' If you know the bi-
ology and want to expand your knowl-
edge base and build a value system 
about sex ... This workshop is for you l" 
NOV. 9, 10, 11 - sponsored by the 
United Campus Ministry, fee: $5 pre. 
regi$8 at the door. Information: call 
534-2521. (10122-1112) 

Nothing to do over Thanksgiving? 
Come Kayaking in La Bufadora, 
Mexico with OutBack Adventures. 534-
0684. (1 0124-11/5) 

Ballroom Dance Club's MONSTER 
MASH, Halloween night, Oct. 31, 7-
9:30 p.m., PC Ballroom, costume 
optional , lessons at 7:15, FREE ad-
mission! Promoted by Universal Pic-
tures-free Child's Play IIdolls, mugs. 
(10/26-1 0/31 ) 

Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only handles 
these 2 autos and nobody does it 
better for UCSD. Bring your 10 and 
you get 20"10 oH most services! Call 
450-9494. (1 0126-11/30) 

D.estinations Unknown presents 
Rosarito Beach FALL FIESTA. N0-
vember 16-18, 2 nights/2 days, 
transportation, accommodations, free 
parties, optional lobster dinner, only 
$75. See table in Price Center or CALL 
793-0492. (10126-11/9) 

PARKING TlCKETSI Are you having 
problems with your alternative trans-
portation permit? Call Amy at 534-
0476 and leave a rnessage .(10/29-
1112) 

When seconds count, breathe a ~ttle 
easier with MfCRO-MED the micro-
film medicall.D. Card that could pos-
sibly save your life! MICRO-MED is an 
asset to everyone's life young/old, ilV 
well. Call Gabrielle (619) 546-8014. 
(1 0/29-1119) 

Cosmetic & Family 
DENTISTRY 
Take Ihe bile oul 

of your denial concerns 

274·8/T£ 
274-2483 

J{arriet '.f. Selain, 'D.M.'11. 
CHAMPUS & most 
Insurance accepted 
After work I Afler class 

and Saturday appomlmenls 

4453 C/ ..... , Mesa 'Ird. 
(corner of Genesee) 

~KRIPKE 
staDds lor wOlDen's 

riabts ad reproductive 
clloice, 

For 

The UC D Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in persall. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, 3 p.m. Mondayfor Wednesday's issue, and 3 p.m. Wednesdayfor Friday's issue. The 
Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to 
companionship ads. For more information call 534-5416. Mailing address:UCSD Guard-
ian, 0316. 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla , CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center 
A, top floor. 

Third College Peer Advisors needed 
for summer orientation. Apply at Third 
Academic Advising TCHB 120. (101 
29-11 /2) 

Are you COLOR BLIND? Earn $51 
hour participating in color vision ex-
periments , even if you have partici -
paled in these studies before. Call 
Ethan Montag 534-2999, Psych. Dept. 
for info. (10126-11/9) 

REVELLE COLLEGE COUNCIL has 
office hours, Monday from 4-5pm, in 
the ReveUe College Provost Office. 
Come and voice your concerns about 
student issues I (10/26-11/2) 

It's noJtoo late to sign-up for REVELLE 
COLLEGE COMMITIEES. Appoint-
ments needed to ELECTIONS , 
CURRICULUM , SUN GOD, HOUS-
ING, SUBSTANCE ABUSE, BOOK-
STORE, and CUL TURALcommittees, 
Pick-up an application now in the 
Revelle College Provost OHice. Get 
involved ! (1 0/29·11 /2) 

RISC All-Cal and Thanksgiving Ski 
trip tickets are on sale now at the box 
oHicel (1 0/29-1 1/2) 
FREE live concert !!1 See ACOUSTIC 
ALIBI on Friday, November 2 from 
4 :3O-6:00pm at the Warren Commons. 
Make the trek .out there to see one of 
UCSD's hottesl bands for FREE!! (101 
29-10/31 ) 

Dan Kripke is pro-choice. Incumbent 
Lowery is not. Vote for Dan Kripke . 
(10/31-11/5) 

SERIOUS about aerobics? Come to 
the UCSD Aerobics Team Info Ses-
sion 11/5, 5:30p.m ., Gym Lobby. (101 
31 -11/5) 

Ski Utah with RISC for Thanksgivingl 
$275, 4 days of skiing, funl INFO call 
534-4482. (1 0/31 ) 

PRE DENTAL CLUB MEETING:7p.m. 
Tue. 11 /13/90, Santa Cruz room in 
Price Cenler. Presentation by local 
dentist. Anyone Welcome! For info. 
caM Jeff 633-1931 or Michelle 453-
2925. (10/31-1112) 

The worst military air disaster in our 
history. The Gander air crash ,! An 
outrageous U.S. GOv1cover-up which, 
had investigation been honest, would 
have revealed the Iran-contra aHair 
one year earlier. Officials in high places 
would be in jail today. Video and 
speaker, 6 :00p.m., Che Cafe. Nov 1. 
(10131) 

QUESTIONS ABOUT CULTS, EXIT 
COUNSELING - contact the Cult 
Awareness Networ1<, 2421 W. Pratt 
Blvd., Ste. 1173, Chicago, IL 60645, 
or call (312) 267-7777. Message 
sponsored by the United Campus 
Ministry UCSD. (10/31-1119) 

Waterpolo Club Scrimmage Saturday 
4:00·6:oop.m. in the Natarorium. New 
players welcome - Info: Eric Karich 
292-8408. (10/31) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student discounts. 558-4644/226-
1962. (9/24-1/14) 

WRITING Help from UC-Grad Tutorl 
Writer/Researcher. All projects wel-
come. Productive, Inlensel Start Early. 
481-1810. (1013-11/30) 

Papers typedl Quick and affordable. 
From $21pg. Call LJ Colony Resumes 
& Professional Typing. 455-8357. 
Laser printingl60 typestyles to choose 
froml One day ser/ice available. (101 
5-11 /30) 

TYPING : TERM PAPERS, ETC., 
RUSH JOBS AT NO EXTRA 
CHARGE. 453-0656. (1013-11/30) 

Bartender school - DaylNight Course 
250.00 - Refresher Course Oct 20 and 
Nov 10, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. 45.00. 1-
800-227-0030 BADD-REACTS (101 
19-11 /1 6) 

WORD PROCESSING - Everything 
from term papers to resumes. 24-
HOUR SERVICE AVAILABLE, 7-
DAYS A WEEK 450-0812. (10/24-111 
2) 

DAttKRIPKE 
stands for wCMaen's 

rigbts and reproductive 
cboice. 

For Cona"''', 8437 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral students (64·91%) , after 
completing their course work. remain With 
a dissenation pending complelion indefi· 
nltely. ArTIOf19 these ABDs (AII·B:'I·the· 

Olsse~allon) are generally found the 
brl\jhlest and most Cleative candidates. 
Addressing lhose elements Involved In de· 
laYing completion, the workshop guides 
pa~lCtpants, from beginning to follOwing 
through and completIOn. partICUlarly after 
years of InacllVIty and regardless of where 
Ihey are In the process. 

Wor1<.shop information 
985-0426 

Posigraduate Group 

TRAVEL COSTS RISING - BUY 
NOW FOR CHRISTMAS & SPRING 
BREAK. FREE TICKET DELIVERY 
450-0812. (10/24-11 /2) 

A dazzling pearly white smile can be 
yours I Call Dr. Rad. at 490-8099. 
UCSD SPECIAL: Cleaning and exam 
only $20. (10126-1115) 

PINWHEELS - a full service salon 
near campus - Costa Verde Center. 
Facials, waxing, lash tints and more. 
Calt Parvaneh, 558-1858. (10126-111 
30) 

Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only handles 
these 2 autos and nobody does it 
better for UCSD. Bring your 10 and 
you get 20% off most services I Call 
450-9494. (10126-11/30) 

DIFFICULTIES IN FRENCH? I am a 
Sorbonne student with a degree in 
French literature. I can help students 
at any level. It's easyl Just call 457-
4612. (10/29-11/2) 

IMPROVE YOUR GRADES with a 
PROFESSIONALLY TYPED term 
paper or thesis. Foreign languages 
available. NEAR SCHOOL, REA-
SONABLE PRICES. Call Barbara at 
453-0592 or 291-9008. 

Word processing. Quality wor1< at 
reasonable prices. Resumes, reports, 
etc. Laser printer. Call Diane 755-
1724. (10129-11130) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Word 
Processing, Reports, Speeches, Dis-
sertatio.lS, Manuscripts, Presenta-
tions. Experienced. Laser Printer. 
Student RatesI753-5964. (10129-111 
30) 

RIDE-LINI< - save earttl, money, 
time, gas-long distance ride sharing 
HOTliNE - statewide/nationwide 
454-4066. (10131-1112) 

DESKTOP PUBLISHING - Special-
izing in newtetter design, books, bro-
chures, invitations, annual reports. 
Pagemaker Training. WRITEIDEA 
594-1080. (10131) 

2nd Ann",~ersary SpeCial 

Golden Hall 
Hair De8ign 

,or 
IItli 
oM 

If_II 

COMPLETE HAIRCUT 
Reg. $10.50, now only 

549.4514 $800 
71 (It) !\1.r .1111.1 r Rd 

I • ' "T ~, I' .. 

549-0382 

Wednesday, October 31, 1990 

WANTED 
Childcare needed in Del Mar 4:30· 
7:00 some days. Own car. 755-6172. 
(10/5-10131 ) 

Happy wilh your present salary? I 
need people who want to make more 
ASAP (619)758-4602. (10/10-11/30) 

Domino's Pizza at UCSD is now hiring 
for Customer Service Representa-
tives. Must be at least 16 years old, 
energetic and efficient with an outgo-
ing personality. Will be responsible for 
greeting customers, taking pizza or-
ders and other store operations. Eli-
gible applicants should apply at the 
UCSD store, located at 3211 Holiday 
Court after 3:30 p.m. (10/19-11 /30) 

Bicycle Mechanic wanted , FulVPart-
time, must have shop experience wi 
references . Expanding Cartsbadshop, 
434-5698. (10/22·1112) 

Neuro Care: LST poSition, retrain 
people with Traumatic Brain Injury. 
Work with a state -of-the -art 
Neurobehavioral Rehab. Team. Ex-
cellent experience to compliment 
education. Call (619) 789-4600. (101 
26-11/12) 

Students - Excellant Business 0p-
portunity with flexible hours. Fantastic 
growth and earning potential for the 
motivated individual. Call 1-800-468-
2758 24 hours. (10131-11 /2) 

Earn $500-$15OO1wk part-time stuff-
ing envelopes in your home. For free 
information, send a long, self-ad-
dressed, stamped envelope to: P.O. 
Box 4645, Dept. p127, Albuquerque 
NM 87196. (10/31 -11/9) 

Babysitter wanted for 11 month old. 
One (any) afternoonlwk. Walking dis-
tance from campus 455-6n 4. (10/31-
11 /12) 

Childcare available full-time weekdays 
in my North Clairemont home. li-
censed, CPR certified, intelligent, 
loving. 270-9006. (10/31-11 /5) 

JANES ADDICTION - trade, have 
Fri. Nov. 2, need Sat. Nov. 3. One 
ticket. Sean 793-0420. (10131) 

Motorcycle helmet needed. Please call 
Marina al 558-2689. (10131) 

THE SOSU FOUNDATION has paI1-
time technical postions lor contract 
wor1t at the Navy R&D Laboratories at 
Point Loma. Need Math, Computer 
Science, Engineering, Physics, Psy-
chology, and Chemistry majors. Must 
have attained at least Junior standing, 
be a luI-time student & U.S. Citizen. 
$8.121hr. Apply at Part-Time EmpIoy-
mentoffices at UCSD Career Services 
Center or phone SOSUF at 594-6253. 
(10/31-11/2) 

Posuon avai Iable at law firm - no 
experience necessary. Filing, 0<Jca-
sional bookkeeping, assistance at 
court, good grammar and puncuation 
skills. Tuesdays and Thursdays, 9:00 
to 7:00. 454-9101 . (10/31-11/5) 

Looking for fraternity, sorority or stu-
dent organization that would like to 
earn $500-$1 ,000 for a one week on-
campus mar/(eting project. Organized 
and hard working. Amy or Jeanine 
(800) 592-2121. (10/31) 

Excellent part time jobsl Looking for 
ambitious students to wor1< on an on-
campus mar1<eting project for major 
companies. Must be personable and 
outgoing. ExcellenteamingslJeanine 
or Amy (800) 592-2121 . (10/31) 

FOR SALE 
PLEASE BUY OUR COMPUTER, we 
need to eall IBM PC Junior. Color 
terminal, Okidata Microline 92 printer. 
MAKE AN OFFER, CALL 270-9220. 
(10/5-11/30) 

Del Mar- why rent?$112,900condo. 
2 BR , 2 SA, pool , spa , beach 1 mile. 
Chris, 931 ·6977. (10/12-11 /14) 

Wednesday, O ctober 31, 1990 

1988 Mazda B2200 Cab-plus, 5spd., 
Buckets, Kenwood ster., Equalizer, 
tint - $5,800. Call Joe - 558-7602. 
(10/24-11/5) 

DISCOUNT AIR FARES. RESERVE 
HOLIDAY TRAVEL NOW. USA, 
EOPE. FREE BONUS MILES. 481 -
1264 . (10/24-11/9) 

6' futon and 4-position frame. $100. 
Close to campus. 587-0709. (10/26-
11/30) 

Kenwood single-disc compact disc 
player, $130 obo. Call Jonathan, 453-
8852. (10126-1112) 

'73 Datsun wagon. All newlrebuilt. 
Worth a call. $1350 obo, 299-2561 . 
(10126-11/2) 

Round trip Thanksgiving airline ticliet 
- San Diego/San Jose. Only $92. 
Call Julie, 558-6768. (10/26-10/31) 

DataFrame 20M hard disk for Macin-
tosh, $300 obo. Rixon 1200-baud 
modem, $35 obo. 60s style hardwood 
stereo cabinet, free if you have 
transportation . Call Steve at 453-2635. 
(10126-10/31) 

'77 MUSTANG, V6, Auto, white, runs 
fine, new tiresibrakes, sunroof, AMI 
FM cassette, $1000 obo. Mar1<, 297-
1393. (10/26-10/31) 

Specialized StumpJjumper, grey, 
good condition with Avenir lock. Must 
sell. $300 - will negotiate. Carlos, 
277-4635. (10/29-1112) 

FOR SALE: Airplane ticket SD-SFO-
SD leaving Nov. 16, Return Nov. 18 
$100 o .b.o. Call Kate 453-7609 (Iv 
message) MUST SELLI (10/29-1112) 

1980 TOYOTA COROLLA, lOOk mi , 
Rebuilt Carb, AMI FM , AC, Runs like 
newl $1200/best 299-3693. (10/29-
11/2) 

JANE'S ADDICTION - 1 or 2 tickets . 
Sat. Nov.3. $85 o.b.o . Call Paul or 
Carlos - 755-9719 . (10/29-10/31) 

TWOJANE'S ADDICTION TICKETS. 
For Nov. 3 Show. $75 o .b .o. 272-
4835. Ask for Duff . (10/29-11 /2 ) 

2 JANE'S ADDICTION TICKETS for 
FRIDAY NOV. 2 - $50 EACH-Call 
792-9762. (10/29-10/31) 

2JANE'S ADDICTION TICKETS FOR 
SALE (Saturday Show) Call Mark. 450-
0159 (10/29-10/31) 

JANE'S ADDICTION ticket for Friday 
show for sale. Call Colin 457-41 66. 
(10-29-1112) 

Jane's Addiction Tickets for Saturday, 
four for $55 each, or $200 for all call 
792-7480. (10/31-11/2) 

KEEN DEAL on 2 JANE'S ADDIC-
TION TICKETS (FRtDAY) $40 EACH. 
Call PARN quick, 551 -0036. (10131-
11/2) 

ONE JANE'S ADDICTION TICKET 
For sat Nov. 3 Show. Call 457-5690. 
(10/31-1112) 

Plane ticket RT San Diego to San 
Jose 11120-11122 $100 Becky 456-
0864. (10/31-1117) 

~ Jane's Addiction ticketl! Friday 
Nov. 2 . Call Jack 458-1440. Leave 
message if necessary. (10/31-11/2) 

New Stereo Color TV and HQ VCR (wi 
remotes), $55O.000.b.o 688-9280 (H) 
or 558-4349 (W), Cyrus. (10/31-11/5) 

1974 Mercury Comet, New: Tires, 
MuHler, fuel pump, water pump. $650 
or best offer. 574-0446. (10/31-11 /5) 

1 ticket for Jane's Addiction Fri. Nov. 
2, $115 o.b.o. 270-5695 leave mes-
sage. (10/31) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Janes Addicio 'n. One ticket for Nov. 2 
show. $70 o.b.o. Call John 558-371 O. 
(10/31 ) 

Round trip ticket to Oakland 'T hanks-
giving weekend. Call LisaaI278·8441 . 
(10/31-11 /2) 

FULL SIZE BED. No headboard. $135. 
CHILD'S DESK and chair $35. Call 
581 -9156. (10/31-11 /16) 

IBM Compatible XT, AT or 386. 1 Y 
parts and labor, on site installation! 
training , 298-6708. (10/29-1112) 

Vet student's Microscope - Bausch 
and Lomb 4-lens microscope: 5X 1 OX 
40X, Oil Immersion, Movable Stage, 
Adjustable Diaphragm, Blue Filter. 
Purchased in 1988-used for a year. 
Like new, $800 .00 . Call : Paula 
Tschauner270·0861 (9·6),482-1654 
(Evenings). (10/31) 

HOUSING 
WANTED: ROOMMATE MALE OR 
FEMALE. $350 month plus 1/3 utili -
ties. Own room. 558-8365. (10122-101 
31 ) 
Male roommate share 4BRl2BA, own 
room. In University City, near UCSD. 
$334. Craig, 546-9459. (10/24-11/2) 
DEL MAR - Male roommate needed. 
Across the street from BEACH! Share 
room,$3oo/month. CalI755-9719. (101 
26-10/31 ) 
4 bd spacious University House for 
renllWalkto malls, 5 min from UCSD. 
Must seeI459-2935. (10126-11 /2) 

Female roommate needed to share 
bedroom in beautiful La Jolla Interna-
tional Gardens apartment. 3 min from 
campus. Gym, spa, pool, fireplace , 
partially furnished , refrigerator, micro-
wave, dishwasher, near buslines. 
Jennifer, 558-6053. (10/26-10/31) 

FEMALE NONSMOKER. $225/300 + 
1/4 utilities. Laundry , Park, 5 minutes 
to UCSD. 587-8910. Leave message. 
(1 0/29-10131 ) 

Female roommate needed urgenllyl 
Own room with balcony in University 
City . $3151month plus 1/4 ulilities. 
Available end of Fall Quarter so plan 
ahead ... 457-0131 . (10/31-11/9) 

UNIVERSITY CITY, shared room 
$250 plus 1/4 utilities, 3 BRI 2 BA 
furnished , mature roommates, Tom, 
587-8246. (10/26-11 /5) 

Own roomlbath. in Furnished 2 bed.! 
2 bath. P.B. condo ; bay view, pool, 
spa, cable, laundry, pool room, park-
ing option. $400 uti!. inc!. 272-3129 or 
459·8162. (10/31-1115) 

OCEAN VIEW furn.house/Encintas. 
3bdrml2bath. Heated pool, gorgeous 
patio. Avail. 12116-117. $1350, 944-
1762. (10/31) 

FANTASTIC OCEANIBAY VIEW 1 BR 
CONDO. QUIET, SECLUDED, 
CONVENIENT LOCATION. GREAT 
PRICE. AGENT 455-6565. (10/31) 

LOST & FOUND 
LOST WATCHI Gold and silver Citi -
zen WR1 00 fhght watch lost Wednes-
day, Oct. 24 around Pepper Canyon, 
Canyonview, Fifth dorms, Warren 
area. Great Sentimental Value, owner 
crying, cash reward. Dave 558-3705. 
(1 0/31-11/5) 

PERSONALS 
Destinations Unknown presents 
Rosarito Beach FALL FESTIVAL. 
November 16-18, 2 nights! 2 days, 
transportation , accornmodations, free 
parties, optional lobster dinner, only 
$75. See table in Price Center of CALL 
793-0492 . (10/26-11 /9) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Beautiful outdoor dining overlooking 
Torrey Pines golf course! Tasty , nutri-
tious cuisine, all you can eat salad 
bar ... Choices 554-FOOD. (20"10 dis-
count wi UCSD 10). (9/24·11/30) 
Find a ZBT to get a ticket to Friday's 
8th Annual Post-Halloween Bash. (101 
31 ) 
Hey folks, check out Paper Trends in 
Costa Verde for all your Halloween 
needs. They've got everything from 
Jason masks to Halloween boxers; all 
at the lowest prices available . (10126-
10/31 ) 
Congtratulations to the UCSD Surf 
Team for sweeping the contest in 
Hunnington this weekend. A special 
Congrals to Chrissy, Wendy. Evan, 
Brandon, and Chris. Way to shred il 
upl « 10/31) 
Carrie - I have turned into the do-
mestic wonder and you still didn't come 
by to visitl Shame on you!1 Hope today 
hasn't been too long. See ya! (10/31) 
RISC presents the AHltude Adlust· 
ment Party at the old PUBI Live band, 
refreshments! Nov. 2, 9p.m. (10/31) 

Heather - Shall we go shopping 
again? TV in hallway is good.(l 0/31) 

MUIR COLLEGE LEADERSHIP PO-
SITIONS AVAILABLE: Pick up appli-
cations at Muir Dean's Office (HSS 
2126) Due Friday Nov. 2nd at 4 p.m. 
Represent the Few, The Proud, The 
Muirines. (10131) 

Professional Kite Flier Available for 
Private Instruction. Hey Julie, BYO 
Kite! I'll bring mine . Love, Jim. (10/31) 

eru.a.ShIp .lob. 
HIRING M.., · Women, Sum .... ' 1 
Vea, Rou"". PHOTOGRAPHERS, 
TOUR GUIDES. RECREATION 
PERSONNEL. Excel""1 pey plus 
FREE Hev" CenbbNn, Hawaii , 
Bahamas, South Pacific, Mextc:o 
CALL NOWI Call ,etu""able. 
1-206-736·0775, ElIt. 100 N. 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
Armload Sale! 

HEALTH CARE-
SOCIAL ISSUES 

Date 
November 1 
November 2 

Hours 
9 am - 3 pm 
10 am - 1 pm 

There will be plenty of 
books with a variety to 
choose from. There is 
no time limit. Just pay 
the entrance fee and 
walk out with as many 
books as you can bal-
ance in your armsl 

Fee 
$6.00 
$4.00 

If you don't Find enough to make it worth your while, we will refund your 
admission charge or you may purchase individual books For one dollar each. 
Don't let this oppor1vnily to improve your library pass you by. 
Come in and load upl 

Localed outside !he UCSD Bookstore. Weather pennitting. 
Books are non-refundable and non-rehJmable. 
For more information, call 534'4557. 

Ril - A007 . 10/29/90 • 

Interdisciplinary Minor. Program of Concentration 

T HE HEALTH CARE-SOCIAL ISSUES PROGRAM offers students a variely of perspectives that enhance their ability to deal with complex social 
and ethical issues in modern health care. The program is available to alt 
UCSD students with a general interest in issues related to health care as welt 
as to students considering health care careers. By bringing together 
coursework from a number of academic departments, this interdi ciplinary 
curriculum compliments science majors and enriches students' preparation 
for professional and postgraduate education. 

Winter Quarter Course Offerinas 
Anthro 22 
Anthropology 191 
Economics IA 
Economics IB 
Economics 138 
Philosophy 122 
Psychology I 
Psychology 60 
Psychology 104 

introduction to Cultural Anthropology 
Seminar in Medical Anthropology 
Elements of Economics 
Elements of Economics 
Economics of Health 
Bio-Medical Ethics 
Psychology 
Introduction to Statistics 
Introduction to Social Psychology 

Psychology 181 Drugs and Behavior 
Science, J'echnology and Public Affairs 181 

Elements of International Medicine 
Sociology IB The Study of Society 
Sociology 136A Sociology of Mental Illness: Historical 
Sociology 143 Suicide 
Urban Studies & Planning 143 

Orientation to Health Care Organizations 

Information on specific requirements, declarations, petitions, 
and transcript notation requests may be obtained at 
3238 Literature Building (second floor) or phone: 534-1704 

... 



14 SPORTS 

f Karen Anderson KAPPA 
Jeanine Markoe 

Jennifer Bellman Romy Mason 

Kendra Burchfiel KAPPA Amy Mausshardt N ikki Cayanan R"hin McNall 
Nicole Chernow GAMMA Nicole Morita Jill Cohen crena Murillo 
Andrea Covington Congratulate Andrea Newton 
CambnaCox Lauren Reynolds our 
Ann Crady 

newest pledge Ellen Ritchie LIsa Craft Christie Rocha 
Julie Corricello class of 1990 Lisa Sanders 
Julie Cuillinane Tina Semingson 
DeSIree Darden Debbie Setton 
Agnes de Guzman Laurie Shepard 
Liz Dray f' Sonia Steiner 
Barbie Feldman 

Melinda Steinmetz 
Jen Frankot 

Roni Sukenik 

Mandy Van Zy[Veld 
I Heather Weber \ 

Mariam Haque \ 
Pamela West 

Holly Harvey 
Leslie Workmon 

Ginger Jones 

Valene Kelly 
Adrienne Wray 

Angie Koonce 
Lisa Willet 

Amy Kroll 
Nancy Trclheway 

The UCSD Guardian 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Regulations: 

.SOOlTHEENTItY~ AN 81/2" BY 11 " StIEETOF 
PAPER ALONO WrTH YOUR NAME, YEAR IN SCHOOL. 
HOMETOWN,COlLEGE YOU ATT'ENDATUCSD. MAJOR, 
AND PHONE NUMBER TO SPORTS EOITOR, UCSD 
GUARD"~. 9500 G'LM~ OR'VE 03 16. LA JOI.LA. 
CA 92093'()316. You C~ ALSO DROP IT OFF 'N THE 
SPORTS EDITOR'S BOX AT THE. GU.~IU)IAN OFFICE, 
LOCATED IN llUi S11.IDENT CENTER, ACROSS FROM TIlE 
GYM. 

·ALL UCSD STUDENTS, STAfF, AND FACULTY 
ARE EUOIILETO ENTER. EXCEPT FOR G UARDIAN STAFF 
MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF OJ 's CHICAOO PIz2:oJ.A. 

• THE P£RSON WHO COMES UP Win{ THE MOST 
CORkECT ANSWERS, AS DETEAMINED BY mE JVDOES, 
WILL BE DE.C1.AREDTH£ ORAND PRIZE WINNER AND WD..L 
8E RECOONIl.ED WHEN THE QUIZ IS PRIp.rr£[) TItE 
fIOlloWINO WEEK. IN -mE EVfl'lT OF A nE. A. OItAWINO 
WILL BE HELD TO DETERMINE niE WINNER. THoSE 

CORRECT ENTRlES NOT SELECTED AS THE ORAND PRIZE 
WINNER WILL IS CONSI.DER£O RUNNERS .. VP. 

-ONLY O~B ElmtY PER PERS~ PER QU'Z. No 
MASS-PROOUCEDfXT'RIES WILL. IE ACCEPTED. E!'rlT1ttES 
MUST as. ATmEOlJAIlDI .... N IY JroIOON TvEsDAV. 

·THE ORAND PRIZE WINNER WlLL RECEIVE A FREE. 
DINNER FOR TWO AT BJ's CHICAGO PIZZERIA . 
RUNNERS·UP WILL RECEIVE A FREE PITCHER OF 
MICHELOB DIAfT BEER , OR SODA. AT 8J ·s. LOCATED 
IN LA JOLl.A VIU.AGE SQuARE. A USTOI' AU. WOOIfJ\S 
WQ.l 8E POSTED AT 81's EACH WEEK AND WINNERS 
NEED TO SHOW 100000F1CATtON TO Q..AIM PRlZE.$. 

This week's questions: 
1. True or false: Pal Riley is Ihe 
coach of the L.A. Lakers. 
2. Name the mascot for the 
Universi ly of San Francisco. 
3. In what round did Evander 
Holyfield knock out Buster 
Douglas? 
4. Who is the starting quarterback 
for the New Orleans Saints? 
5. What are the Roman numerals 
of this year's Super Bowl? 
6. What was the nickname of the 
Pittsburgh Steelers' defense in the 
I 970s1 

FCEt ... OIer 55 CaibTla sU:IenIs ~ !her C7NIl Wsir I8SSeS last SlJ1'lI118I' 
FCEt ... Their 8YElI'aQ8 ecrrrgs tlr !he sunmer d 19!Xl were $10,700 
FCEt ... They oontinued t> ~ a decaieb1g r.d Il!CXlId in tuliness 
FCEt ... Th!se sILdents <II ~ \\II SUient Pcners em g<i'led vai.aie 

mcmgemente~ 
FCEt .. . '-'ost terribies 'hi be lied ~!he end d NMntler 
Management birlng DOW toting place for the IUIIUD8f oll991 

Wednesday, October 31, 1990 

7. Who was the first free agent in 
the NBA? 
8. True or false: Jennifer Capriati 
has never won a profe sional tennis 
tournament. 
9. Name the last MLB baseball 
pitcher to win 30 game. 
10. Who is the UCSD women's 
soccer team 's firsl opponent in the 
NCAA regionals? 
Last week's questions & answers: 
1. What is UCSD 's mascot? 
Triton 
2. What is Muhammad Ali's real 
name? Cassius Clay 
3. True or false : San Diego has a 
professional basketball team. False 
4. True or false: Los Angeles has 
one professional basketball team. 
False 
5. Who was named MVP in this 
year's World Series? Jose Rijo 
6. How many holes are there on a 
regulation golf course? 18 
7. How many points are 
considered a perfect game in 
bowling? 300 
8. How many people entered last 
week 's D1's quiz? None 
9. What is lhe most common color 
of tennis au ire? White 
10. True or false: UCSD has an 
intercollegiate field hockey team. 
False 
Last week's winner: 
Josef Kevin Holme, Warren 
Senior,Biochemistry- lrvine.CA 
Runners-up: 45 people.lislatBJ's 

So You're 
Planning To 

Get Married . 
Contact Marilyn 
Hansen of Wedding 
Associates for 
reliable resources 
and referrals 

. . . at no cost 
to you! 

528-2208 
3111 Camino del Rio N. 

Suite 400 
Mission Valley 

If You're In An Accident ... 
Call the Law Offices of Irwin/Dibos. 
When we handle your bodily injury claims and 
litigation, we will provide a lUXUry or sports car 

at no cost while your car is being repaired. 
~Nissan 300ZX ~Porsche 944 Convertible 

(619) 
236-8420 

Wednesday, October 31, 1990 

PEP BAND 
Continued from page 16 

Before tackling any of these 
questions. it might prove useful to 
delineate the unique nalure of this 
campus organization. 

For one thing. the Triton Pep 
Band, although not strictly limited 
to spons. coordinates its schedule 
with the UCSD Athlelic Depart-
ment. 

Explaining Ihe depanment 's 
flexibility toward the band 's con-
cerns. UCSD Sports Infonnation 
Director Bill Gannon stated, "[The 
pep band's] needs come first and 
foremost." 

Gannon , who aids in the 
scheduling of the band's appear-
ances. added, "Its presence just 
helps make [the game] a better 
event." 

Gannon noted that if a cenain 
week is stacked with several home 
games, he will attempt 10 steer the 
pep band's perfonnances toward 
the most competitive contests. 

Which brings us to the second 
unusual feature of UCSD's musi-
cal athletic support group: its 
membership is strictly voluntary. 

No compensation. No academic 
credit. 

The pep band attains all of its 
financial support through fund-
raising. 

And much of this is spent on 
road trips with the teams, such as 
its trip with the women's volleyball 
team to Occidental College. 

The band's mixture of current 
students and alumni meets once a 
week for an hour and a half of 
rehearsal, and then at the games. 

Now to meet the man behind 

the group: Larry Stossel. . 
Stossel , a first -year director 

learned about Ihe position from the 
band's previous director. Cindy 
Earnest, who left to altend gradu-
ate school. 

"She built the program from 
scratch," Stossel said. "She en-
couraged me to pursue the job." 

Stossel. who also directs the 
wind ensemble and belongs 10 the 
Music Department's faculty , spent 
the pasl two years conducting the 
UniveFSity of Colorado's concert 
band and assis ti ng with the 
marching band. 

He received his training as a 
teacher in the Sanla Monica High 
School District while completing 
undergraduate work at UCLA. 

The efforts of Stossel and 
company get rave reviews from 
the UCSD athletes and coaches. 

"I think it adds to the class of 
our volleyball program." women' s 
volleyball Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik declared. "I wouldn't 
have it any other way." 

According to Dannevik. the 
volleyball team's postgame pro-
cession past the pep band, which is 
set up diagonally from the team 
during matches. is based on a simi-
lar ritual practiced by the great 
UCLA men' s basketball teams 
under former Head Coach John 
Wooden. 

" I think it's important to let the 
pep band know we appreciate 
them." Dannevik said. 

Women's volleyball Team 
Captain Elizabeth Tan also ac-
knowledged the importance of the 
band's presence. "They 're fan-
tastic. They definitely make things 
more exciting." 

The UCSD Guardian 

Triton men 's basketball Head 
Coach Torn Marshall concurred. 
"When they' re not there, we don't 
playas well." 

Even the women 's basketball 
teamisjumpingonthebandwagon. 
so to speak, and has asked for Ihe 
band's support this season. 

Head Coach Judy Malone ex-
plained that having the band for a 
few of last year's games was the 
turning point. 

"[The team's] spirit rose. and 
we played harder and more vigor-
ously. The kids responded much 
better." 

While the UCSD men's and 
women's volleyball and basket-
ball programs have been the prin-
cipal beneficiaries of the pep band's 
appearances. it has also been known 
to show up at major soccer, water 
polo, and baseball contests. 

In addition to creating noise and 
instigating mayhem at the events, 
the pep band will often heckle op-
ponents and incite rowdiness from 
the fans by playing well-known 
music and performing the infa-
mous "Bacon" dance. 

Its antics have been known to 
cause the group some trouble as 
well. 

Earlier this year. the pep band 
was wamed to tone down its ac-
tivities at a volleyball match. 

SliII, several opponents have 
noted that the band makes playing 
at UCSD all the more enjoyable 
and exciting, creating a big-time 
atmosphere. 

"This [group] has the most 
unique relationship with the 
teams." Stossel said. 

"It 's a wonderful, satisfying 
feeling. " 

NORTHERN TELECOM. 
'THERE'S NO PlACE LIKE IT FOR 

ENTERPRISING TRITONS. 
When it come to preparing for your future, you didn't settle for on ordinary college . You selected 
UC Son Diego. And now, after all those years of hard work to earn your degree, you' re not 
about to se"le for on ordinory career. 

Congratulations. 

Now you're ready to join the Tritons who, upon groduating, answered our call for innovators, 
risk·takers and achievers. Engineers and Computer Scientists who are thriving on being change-
makers in on environment of oonstantly changing technology. Proven professionals and 
enterprising new graduates united in on open forum for the most innovotive minds in the telecom-
municolions industry. 

Please ~ by our bootI, at the Caleer Fair 
on n;~ November 1, in the 

Price Center Balboon, 
faOll1 1 0:30am - 2:00pm. 

We are proud of being port of Northern Telecom's worldwide switching leadership . As members 
of the Meridian Business Systems Technology Division, _'re designing and developing new 
applications for our Meridian-I integrated services networks. keeping the industry's mosl 
odvonc:ed business communicotions products technologically ohead of the competition. 
We are commited to encouroging ond rewording individual achievement, with excellent solories 
and comprehensive bene~ts, ond 0 challenging environment of a rapidly-growing world closs 
compony. Send your resume ond a copy of your tronscript$'o: Northern Telecom, Attnl 
CoII.g. Recruiting, 685A East Mlddl.fi.ld Road, Mountain Vi.w, CA 94039· 
7277. An equal opportunity employer. M/F/H/V. 

SPORTS 15 

WE HAVE 
EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

D'AGNESSA INSURANCE AGENCY 
7841 Balboa Avenue, Ste. 215 

San Diego, CA 92111 

-

[55[N([SALON 
INTRODUCES UCSD 

"CAMPUS CUTS & STYLES" 
by LORENE 

WOMEN 
MEN 
Hilites & Perms 
(including Haircut) 

$18 
$13 

3251 HOUDAY COURT, SUITE 201 LA JOUA 453.9477 
Above St. Gennain's Liquor & Deli • Call for appointment 

_ ' .... lOllIng yogurlOYotOIlln1l1e _lIongIe' 
-Met,opo~,on IT'OQOZ1Il8. June 1990 VogunTos,e lesl 

•••••••••••••••••••• : 2 f 11uy a <ingte 01 double _~I . . : 
· 0 r scoop ice cream and . • • 
: ~~r ~~t: ~~~ or : 
. ~ . 
• La Jolla Colony 7770 Regenls Rd .. # loa (In the Vans Shopping Cenler) 1\ ..,.,.\0 pm sUn 'Ihurs.; • 

One coupon per cuslomer Exp;res 11/41'10. 1\ am-II profn. " Sol . • ~ .................................. . 

YOURjWJG~SPECIALIST. 
ALSO SERVING YOUR PC NEEDS. 
kJ~~~E-:;\ 
While Some Stores A Uempt To 

Take The Shirt Orf Your Back-
We Will Give You A New One! 

Watch a Demonstration, Get a Cool Tee ShirLFREE 
Fantastic Graphics, Excellent Color Capabilities, 

Powerful Software, lncredible Video. 
Outrageous Animations . . . 

~ 
THE COMPUTER FUR THE mEA TIVE MIND. 

(619) BJ - 0902 
The Lively Computer 471 Broadway EK1J~n 

Open Monday Thru FrXtay 10 - 8, Sslurday 10 - 6, And Sunday I - 5 ~ 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I 3Ot~M NV$. I ~~~~ Call lor details' 2nd 30 Ian days $39.99 
Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap -Only $48 

Not a ta~rary water loss • Reduce calluMta and stral~h marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455-0909 Expo .. 1113(1'90 



.SPORTS 
16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

1990 MEN'S SOCCER NCAA DIVISION III PLAYOFFS 

Rima UzglrlslGuardian 

IT'S SHOWTIME 
• Preview: The UCSD men's soccer team hosts CSU San Bernardino in 
the opening round of the NCAA Division III National Championship 
By Peter Ko 
Associate Sports Editor 

wins, including decisive victories over highly-regarded 
Colorado College and Claremont. 

Roll up your shirt sleeves, spit on those cuts, and hide 
the children, folks - postseason action is about to begin. 

But foremost on the minds of the Coyotes is sure to 

For 32 men's soccer teams, the end of a long, bumpy 
road i in sight. All that stands in the way of being 
crowned the national champion is merely a mine field 
made up of the best Division m teams in the country. 

be a 2-1 loss they ,..---------..... 
suffered at home to - REGIONAL MATCHUP 
UCSD on Oct. 7. CSU San Bernardino at UCSD 

At the time, the 
loss seemed to spell 
doom for CSUSB. 

Thursday, 1 p.m. 
North Campus Recreation Area 
Ticke t Prices: S4 General. $2 Students 
w/ID. $1 Children under 12 For the UCSD men' soccer team, the firs t explosion 

could come tomorrow at I p.m. against CSU San Ber-
nardino. 

The team was '--___________ -' 

And make no mistake - the Coyote are a live stick 
of dynamite with the fuse burning. 

floundering badl y , and looked to be out of the running for 
a regional spot. 

San Bernardino has run off a string of five straight 
But, as UCSD men's soccer Head Coach Derek 

See M. SOCCER, Page 11 

THE HOME·COURT 
• The UCSD Pep Band wreaks havoc on 
opposing teams with its boisterous antics 
while avidly supporting Triton athletics 
By Ken Boulton 
Staff Writer 

H ome-court advantage: all the so-called experts claim its im-portance on the outcome of a conte 1. At UCSD, a large part of the home-court advantage is the 
Triton Pep Band. 

Whoah ... the Triton what? Pep band? Uh-huh, I thought so. Step 
forward and be educated, my friend. 

Believe it or not, UCSD has po sessed its very own pep band for 
seven years. 

And for the first time in its existence, the Triton Pep Band is 
acquiring orne much-deserved notoriety. 

Could thi coincide with the fact that increa ed attendance at th is 
year's women' volleyball matches has given the band more expo ure? 

Or could it correlate with the success of the UCSD port teams it 
avidly supports? 

Wednesday, October 31 , 1990 

Water Polo 
Gauging Its 
Progress 
• Preview: Tritons' hope to use UCR 
as an indicator for the WWPA Tourney 
By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

There' s already a thermometer at Canyonview Pool, but 
the UCSD men's water polo team is waiting until this 
afternoon ' s game with UC Riverside before getting a read 
on where they stand heading into the Western Water Polo 
Association (WWPA) Championships next weekend. 

The Highlanders will provide the Tritons with an indi-
cation of: "Are we on schedule? Are we starting to put it 
together? Or, are we struggling with execution?," according 
to UCSD Head Coach Denny Harper. 

On another scale, VCR i "representative of the fourth 
through eighth teams in the WWP A," Harper said, explaining 
that UCR beat Claremont twice and is virtually guaranteed 
a spot in the eight-team seeded field for the WWPAs. 

Harper said that it is possible that the Highlanders will be 
UCSD's first-round opponent in the WWPA tournament, if 
UCR works for the sixth seed and the Tritons sohdify the ir 
number three spot with a victory this afternoon. 

Though UCSD didn ' t play UCR last season, "[UCR] is 
vastly. improved from the last few years," Harper noted. "I 
expect a good match, but we' re prepared for it." 

After a grueling five-game schedule last weekend, the 
Tritons earned Monday off, and worked game situations 
yesterday in practice . 

"We're resting so we can give maximum effort," Harper 
explained. "For the most part we ' re in a maintenance phase 
right now." 

One thing Harper hopes won ' t be maintained from now 
on is the Tritons' lack of ext",cution in man-up situations. 

"All year we've created opportuni ties galore, but when it 
came right down to putting the ball in the goal, we didn ' t 
execute. 

"If we had converted 20 percent more of those situations, 
we would probably be better than .500. It 's that simple, it 
could have dramatically changed the season," Harper said. 

Though the Tritons (6-21) were ranked 12th before 
yesterday's poll, Harper feels none of the rankings matter 
because, ''The WWP A is going to be a wild tournament. I 
like our chances." 

In the meantime, though, look for the Tritons to "swim 
hard," and continue to be led, as they have all year, by Kevin 
Vance and goalie Andy Bruce. 

Or maybe it's th fact that it has a new director thi year. 08n Cripe/Guardian 
See PEP BAND, Page15 The Pep Band's woodwinds may not always be heard, but they contribute to the atmospnere. 


