
INSIDE ... 
UC News .............................. 2 
Opinion ................................. 4 
Arts & Entertainment. ........... 8 
Classifleds .......................... 12 
Sports ................................. 16 

University of California, 
San Diego 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 
Shuffling to 
The Night Shift 
Actor Jimmy Woodard/8 

The UCSD 

SPORTS 

Co-op Space Agreement Signing Delayed 
• 'Special nature' of Che Cafe leads to alteration of the agreement 
By Mary Betty Heard 
Associate News Editor 

A need for revisions in the space agree-
ment for the CM Caf6 has left the UCSD 
student cooperatives without a working 
solution with the University Center Board 
(UCB). The signing of space agreements 
for all co-ops has been postponed until next 
Monday's UCB meeting. 

At a meeting held yesterday the Cbe 
Cafe collective apparently agreed to sign 
the space agreement, pending one final 
detail that needs to be cleared with the 
UCB, according to Ch~ Caf~ member 
Martin Rascon. He would not comment on 
what that detail was. 

The space agreement is a legal docu-
ment that lays out rules for student orga-
nizations and the university regarding the 
occupation of university-owned buildings. 

''The C<H>pS have been worlcing on this 
together, all for one, one for all, and since 
the [space agreement] has to go through the 
Ole's general members •.. the co-ops are 
going to wait [to sign the space agreement 
until] next week," Steve Dubbs of the 
Groundworks Bookstore said at Monday 
evening's UCB meeting. 

According to University Center Direc-
tor Jim Canuthers, a meeting was held on 
Friday between himself, UCB Chair Nick 
Long, and both Rascon and Bob Bellerve 
of the Che Cafe in order to hammer out the 
Che Cafe's space agreement 

All parties apparently felt that changes 
in the agreement were necessary because 

Brien MftIrrl .. r nmltrlbln 
The location of the Che Cafe has led to a modification of its space agreement. 

the eM Caf6 is unique among co-ops. For 
example, unlike other student organizations, 
the Che Caf6 does not need to pay debt service 
on the building it is using. 

Carruthers explained that debt service is 
the mortgage paid by any student organiza-
tion that holds a space agreement with the 
UCB for space in the Student Center and the 

Price Center. 
The eM Cafe, however, is housed in a 

building on the far south side of campus 
that was originally built for the marine 
base located on land now occupied by 
UCSD. According to Carruthers, the 
building was originally where the Urey 

See AGREEMENT, page 3 

w. Soccer 
Keeps Rolling 
Downs Claremont, 2-0/16 

WEDNESDAY 
October 24, 1990 
Vol. 71, No. 13 

IFC Places 
Fraternity on 
Probation 
• Sigma Alpha Epsilon 
to apologize to other 
greek organizations 
By Sherry Lowrance 
Staff Writer 

The Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity was 
sentenced to a one-year probation Thursday 
night when a controversial rush flyer was 
found to have violated Interfraternity Council 
policy. 

According to Interfraternity Council (IFC) 
Judicial Board Chief Justice Clark Soderlund, 
a greek judicial commi ttee comprised of three 
fraternity members and three sorority mem-
bers ruled that a Sigma Alpha Epsilon rush 
flyer depicting a woman wrapping her legs 
around a keg of beer violated IFC anti-sexism 
guidelines. 

Soderlund said that the fraternity' proba-
tion requires that it send half of its members to 
a leadership conference, personally apolo-
gize to each fraternity and sorority on campus, 
and conduct a workshop for all members on 
the subject of sexism. 

The fraternity fulfilled part of its obliga-
tion by participating in a leadership confer-
ence this weekend at the Price Center, accord-
ing to Soderlund. 

"The conference this weekend included 
discussions of sexism, and so it was particu-

See PROBATION, page 3 

University Center Director Proposes Event Restrictions 
• Carruthers' proposal would require new ticketing rules, hand stamps, and restricted admission 
By David Ferris 
Guardian Reporter 

A draft proposal submitted to the Univer-
sity Center Board (UCB) that would place 
new rules and restrictions on University Cen-
ter events has caused concern among student 
organizations about future student events. 

The proposal, written by UCB Director 
Jim Carruthers, would require all student or-
ganization events to be ticketed, require hand 
stamping, restrict readmission, and put more 
of the responsibility and liability for events on 
the shoulders of the organization sponsoring 
the event. 

The "Dance and Events Policy" would 
encompass all university events taking place 
in the Price Center, the Student Center and the 
Che Cafe, representing 60 to 70 percent of all 
university events. 

Che Cafe member Martin Rascon ques-
tioned the policy. 

for the university, drafted in the wake of an 
injury to a 13-year-old attending a concert at 
the Triton Pub on Oct. 5. 

"I don't know if we want to be responsible 
for a 13-year-old not associated with the 
university," Carruthers said 

He added that "there were a couple of 
events last year where the Pub was trashed. 
Students should remember that it's student 
dollars that fix the Pub." 

Included in the proposal was the stipula-
tion that "all advertising shall clearly state that 
admission is for college students/university 
commWlity and their guests only." It added 
that the facility name and UCSD need to be 
printed on the advertisement, but in a typeface 
that would de-emphasize the role of the uni-
versity. 

Student organizations that sponsor events 
are wonied that the provisions of the policy 
would assign more responsibility to the orga-
nizations without increasing their decision-
making power. 

"How are you going to ticket an event 
that's free? Why would you do that? It sounds 
like they want to make [UCSD] a closed 
campus," Rascon said. 

The proposal would also require that a 
certain number of the members of the sponsor 
organization volunteer at the event depending 
upon which facility is used. The student orga-
nizations would also be required to hire a 
university-appointed night manager to assign 
task to the volunteers. 

University Center Director Jim Carruthers, who drafted the new events proposal. 
Student Affirmative · Action Committee 

Chairman Vanness Harris complained that 
the ceiling on non-university guests "will not 
allow an organization to make a profit." 

According to Jim Canuthers, the proposal 
is an effort to solve "a real liability problem" Carruthers saw it as a chance to "get tu-

dents into the loop .... It's a chance to show 
that college-aged people can deal with col-
lege-aged people." 

"We 'vedone all the groundwork, and sud-
denly the person we hire comes in and take 
charge of u ," Rascon complained. 

In addition to directing the volunteers, the 
new proposal stipulates that the event cannot 
begin until the night manager has arrived. 

"The dance will be delayed without his 
arrival," Harri said "The [facility] rental fee 

See TICKETS, page 3 



2 NEWS 

EWS 
FROM OTHER ',~M~PUStS 

Davis City Council Votes to Keep 
Streets Free for Student ParkIng 

DAVIS - The Davis City Council voted unani-
mously against a controversial measure to double the 
amount of restricled padting near UC Davis. 1lle mea-
sure would have converted all streets adjacent to the 
campus into two-hour parking zones. 

Davis students, who made their biggest showing at a 
council meeting in more than a year, maintained that the 
parking situation on campus was inconvenienl, crowded, 
and expensive. 

For students, a monthly daytime parking permit is 
$10; for faculty, who are eligible to park in more con-
venient zones, the fee is $16. 

ASUCDCity/County Lobby DirectorTimathieSmith, 
addressing the council, labeled the measure "anti-slu-
dent." Students should be the ones demanding more 
parking rather than the residents who backed the resolu-
tion, she said. , 

Many Davis residents also spoke at the meeting. 
About half who spoke favored the resolution, claiming 
the neighborhoods were not meant to be "University 
parldng lots." Many others denounced the resolution, 
saying the proposed restriction would not ease conges-
tion and the proposed new parking signs would detract 
from the "aesthetically pleasing" neighborhoods. 

200 UCLA Students Celebrate 
'Gay/Lesbian Coming Out Day' 

LOS ANGELES-Roughly 200 students celebrated 
Oct. 11th's National Coming Out Day in Meyerhoff 
Park. Seven gay/lesbian activislS spoke about their 
struggles and accomplishments. 

Many speakers stressed that people "in the closet" 
cannot feel inner peace and satisfaction until they admit 
to themselves and their loved ones that they are gay or 
lesbian. 

Phil Wilson, a speaker who is active in gay rights 
issues in the black community, stressed the necessity of 

Calvin and Hobbes 

\\\)\\ ~ l'4O, TI-II S IS 
>OR £'1£R~ !)"~ , 
'1O\l ~t()Yl I10W 
\lI:lBB£S N.W"~S 
Sl-IEA.K':, UP ~ 
8£.\\1\'\0 p.,1I\) 
~') ()I\ Mt? ~~ 

The UCSD Guardian 

admitting sexuality to families. "They an't love you, if they 
don't know you, .. Wilson said. 

Gay and Lesbian Association (GALA) member Sergio 
Sandoval stressed the need to have support groups that focus 
on ethnicity and sexual orientation. 

"Because at 00 time am I not gay, and at no time am 1 not 
a QUcano,," he said. 

Citingorganizations such asGALA,TenPercenl-thegay , 
lesbian,andbisexual magazine-andLambda DeItaLambda, 
the first sorority in the nation founded by lesbians, speakers 
touted the Ua..A gay andlesbiancanmuoity, whicbthey said 
was one of the strongest and most organized in America. 

'Stl eak' Broken at UCLA Football Game 
LOS ANGELES - The 

Ua..A football team has yet 10 
lose a game to San Diego State 
inlhe 14 years of the series. BUI 
that streak: is nothing compared 
to what UCLA fans witnessed at 
the stan of halftime in UCLA's 
45-31 victory over the Aztecs 
Oct. 13 althe Rose Bowl. 

An SDSU student clad in 
green f1uorescenl shorts walked 
down from the visitors section, 
slipped by employees, and 
walked onto the turf in the west end zone. He removed the 
shorts and sprinted naked around the field, hands raised over 
his head. He then weaved between the freoch born section of 
the Aztec band and ran to the UCLA end zone, where Rose 
Bowl security officers led him off the field to a standing 
ovation. 
UCSB Tests Telephone RegIstratIon 

SANTABARBARA-I,200studentswiUgetanadvance 
look at telephone registration this month as UC Santa BaJbara 
debuts its RlBIT (Registration By Telephone) system. 

Priorily students such as National Merit Scholars, Regents 
Scholars, and disabled students will regis1er for their wint« 
courses via RlBIT. The syslem will come into run use Wmter 
Quarter. 

Similar 10 UCSD's T-Reg system, RlBIT will enable 
students and faculty to select courses and know itnmediately 
which courses are ~ or closed and which classes will 
require a petition during the scheduling process. 

1lle school is advance-testing the system this quarter be-
cause "we want to make as many problems as we cansowe can 
solve them before we tum the system loose on a large groupof 
people," Senior Asst. Registrar Elaine Wheeler said. 

~£\'l. , IlE IX>£':, . Ii\IT IF 
'iOI) 'I\£AA. " ~"'5\( U\Il: 1111$ 
0t'I nlE SAc\:: Cit 'fOUR IIOJ), 
TlG9I.S CMIT ml. \'111\01 w,,~ 

~CAJ 'Rf. I'KI!'IG, ~o TI\~ 
eM'! st'\~1( up, 

by Bill Watterson 

I ~l.-OI"\T 
11.11'10 llilS so 
MIlC\\ IF 11£ 
o IDN 1 11!cI !' 
I'- \£:)C; . 

I 'l\\\N~ '\0lJR 
1AAIN Of 

Tl-loo<;I\ \ IS 
" RI)N "IN"~ . 

~'iZt. . O~O , r 
Mp.,DE. '1O\l '" 
t-AP.'5K liKE MIllE 
iC\J 'fI8>.R I I ON. 
'1\\£ BI(X OF 
YCYJR ~g.o TC 
PQ£'1£NT TIG£:R. 

TIG6G "l~~S 1R'I It> GIT 
iO\l R<IlIo\ &.\\11\0. M \>1 11\1 
1\\1'5 w..SI(~ . ~'\ CMlT 

~u.. W\\I(\{ WI\' ~'~ 
f~CING. 9;) \\it'l ~i ~, 
[ 1U:Io.\) II IN 1\ ~ . 

'!el. , 1 p.,l'I'REOA1't. 
~CIJR~, 
BIll 1 1II1~¥. l'u.. 

\r..\(l~~ 
I'-N\) l'I()\ \J)O\( 
l\\:.£. " l\JN~ TK 

"'IDCKS \ 

Wednesday, October 2., 1990 

Five media expeItS will address the tDpic"Media and 
Politics in the 1990s: What's Wrong? Who's to Blame?" 
at a fftJe UCSD Policy Fonun at 7:30 p.m. on Thursday 
in the Robinson Building Auditorium. 

The panelists will discuss how c:hanging stylea of 
coveraae affected political campaigns, questioning 
whether or not the press has kept up with campaians. if 
thepress bas heentoo preoccupied with the personal lives 
of political figures and ignored real political questions, 
and other questions. • 

Scheduled panelists areEJ. Dionne, national c0rre-
spondent for The WashingtonPosr; California State At-
torney 0eneraI John Van de Kamp; UCSD Communi-
cation Professor Dan Hallin; and Van Gordon Sauter, 
fonner president of CBS News. 

UCSD Political Science Professor Sam Popkin win 
serve as moderator. 

The fonun is free and open to the public. but seating 
will be limited to 270 people. The Robinson Building 
Auditorium is located in the Intemalional Relations and 
Pacific Studies Ccmplex in the northwest comer of 
campus. 

AlP to Sponsor friday Forum on 
internships In Washington D.C. 

A forum on Washington D.C. internships will beheld 
froIQ 1:30 to 3:30 p.m. Friday in the Career Services 
Center. 

CoonIinators from local congressional offices will 
advise prospective interns on how to navigate 
Washington's governmental maze,andfonner Washing-
ton iJttem$ will share tfJeir experiences. 

1lle forwn will also discuss requirements and dead-
lines for such popular internships as the Department of 
State, Dr:partmentofEducation,andCableNewsNetwodt. 
The forum is sponsored by the Academic Internship 
Program. 

GThe UCSD ~ ~ .... T DAKD.LI1L' 

B08 DeANDREA, Swine •• IIMIIipr 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AdIfert"/ng ~ 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advert"lng o..1g1IM 
E. LEIGH HENRY, C,...ffI«I ".",..",.tlve 

~ ,,-_: Komo _ . Jim Homo. Tom _ .Doug Shaddio 
~_: L ..... -VO, ~CoM. __ . PooIoVoIIodoIId 
CRuIIIion: Kao S. WMg, .... L .. 

, 

Wednesday, October 24,1990 

PROBATION: Flyer is ruled 
sexist by greek judicial board 
ConUnued from page 1 
larly appropriate," he said. 

Soderlund indicated thai the 
fraternity's punishment was de-
signed specifically with the anti-
sexism policy violation in mind. 

"We tried to make the punish-
ment fit the crime," Soderlund said. 
"I feel that [the probation] was a 
pretty right on-sentence. We asked 
SAB to cover areas related to sex-
ism, as opposed to doing something 
that had no relation to sexism." 

Probation, Soderlund explained, 
acts as a warning to the fraternity. If 
Sigma Alpha Epsilon violates any 
IFC regulations during that time, he 
said, their probationary status will 
be taken into account, and their 
punishment for that fonowing vio-
lation could be more severe. 

"The probation is all-encom-

passing," he said. "IfSAEcomes up 
to the Judicial Board with any charge 
in the next year, they would be 
looked at in a more slringent man-
ner." 

Sigma Alpha Epsilon President 
Lance Ingalls indicated thai he did 
not agree with the ruling. 

"We will appeal the decisioo," 
he said. 

According to Ingalls, who had 
been researching the lFC bylaws, 
the appeals process involves writ-
ing a letter to the Executive Board 
of the IFC asking il to seethe appeal. 
If the letter is approved, the appeal 
goes before the IFC President's 
Council. 

Ingalls explained that there is no 
time limit to the appeals process, 
adding, "we don't plan on dragging 
it out." 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

TICKETS: 'Dance and Events Policy' 
causes concern among organizations 
ConIInued from--1 
should be mJucedl'f tile night 
nw .... 1bows up __ .. 

IIbrls DOled IhllIbo OIBDber 
ofvc ...... srequitec:lby.tbe pro-
poul 0YerWbeIms tile member-
ship ~ some apnizatinm. He 
aIIoobjectedtolbo portioo of the 
popclll _ Ilks for bJabcr Ii-
abiJky ,.,. for cerIaiD eYellll. 

"Wbo iadeerlmi11iD8 wbedIer 
~.liabIorHanis 

AGREEMENT 
ContInued from ptge 1 
Hall parting lot iscurrentJy located. 

Carruthers added that the Che 
Cafe also "pays some utilities that 
the co-ops don't pay," and has dif-
ferent maintenance requirements 
than that of other CC>Ops. 

Rascon said lhateven though the 

asked. "Wouldn', itbe better DOl 
tobokl the event than to iocreaIIe 
tbecharges?" 

Dayan On!den, a volUDleer at 
tbe Women's Raource Center, 
objecrecl to the requimDent that 
theeveOl's spaasor'"will have to 
pay for the box office service." 

OrpniD'imlexpressedcon-
fusion over the fact tbat the pR)-

vision~bandstamp& 
at events, but would also DOl at-

agreement was worked oul on Fri-
day, the signing had to be post-
poned until everyone involved in 
the Cafe had agreed on the changes. 

"We're a conective, and a col-
lective process is different from a 
bureaucratic process ... you have 10 
bring [the changes] up with the col-
lective before you can sign the 
agreement," Rascon said. 

low those attending 10 leave and 
re-enler. 

"That may be a hole. That's 
wby this is a draft," Carruthers 
said. "We're not aiming to limit. 
but to raise these questions." 

UCB Chair Nick Long admit-
tedtbal many of the probJems will 
havetobe resolved on a "case-by-
case basis ... [the propo88l] will 
be ripped to shreds, then putback 
together again" 

And while members of the col-
lective decided to sign the agree-
ment in principle, Rascon admitted 
that they weren't complelely satis-
fied with it. 

'There's a lot of compromise," 
he said, adding thai even this space 
agreement was preferable 10 the in-
securityofnothaving one and feeling 
the threal of eviction. 

We stay on lop of the campus. 
Monday. Wednesday. Friday. 

THE MOST COMPLETE REVIEW COURSE FOR THE 

STUDENT REGENT APPUCATIONS 

[M[§\WJ MeAT 
Available now in the following offices: 

ASUCSD - Price Center 

College Deans' Office 

Chancellor's Office 

Groduate Student Association Office - Price Center 

Office of Graduate Studies and Research 

School of Medicine - Student Affairs Office 

Student Affirmative Action Office-
BUilding·S - Student Center 

Student Information lEONA) - Price Center 

University Events & Student Activities - Price Center 

Applications are due in the Chancellor's 0fRc. no 
later than 5:00 pm, Friday, November 2, 1990. 

THE MCAT REVIEW COURSE aft UCSD 
THE ONLY MCAT PREP COURSE RUN & TAUGHT BY MEDICAL STUDENTS IN SAN DIEGOI 

MORE THAN AN EXAM PREP COURSE--IT'S TRULY ONE OF A KIND; 

• TAUGHT BY MEDICAL STUDENTS FOR PRE·MEDICAL STUDENTS 

• THE MOST COMPLETE & POPULAR MCA T PREP COURSE IN SAN DIEGO-
5 YEARS OF PROVEN SUCCESS! 

• AN INTENSE, lOO·HOUR LECTURE AND WORKSHOp·BASED REVIEW 
PROORAM OF THE SCIENCES. READING & WRITING SKILLS AREAS TESTED 
ON THE NEW MCAT 

• NEW MCAT TEST STRATEGIES & STUDYSKlLLS 

• INTENSIVE SCIENCE PROBLEM SOLVING AND READING SKILLS WORKSHOPS; 
SMALL GROUP LEARNING; INTENSIVE ESSAY WRITING WORKSHOPS WITH A 
UCSDTHIRDCOLLEGE WRITING PROORAMS WRITING INSTRUCTOR 

• OVER 1,000 PAGES OF HIGH·VlEW MCA T PRACTICE TESTS, SCIENCE 
PROBLEM SOLVING EXAMS, CONDENSED FORMULA SHEETS &. REVIEW NOTES 
PROVIDED TO All STUDENTS 

• MEET &. HAVE DIRECT CONTACT WITH OJRRENT MEDICAL STUDENTS; 
DISCUSSION OF THE MEDICAL SCHOOL APPLICATION, ADMISSIONS &. 
INTERVIEW PROCESS, & LIFE ONCE IN MEDICAL SCHOOL DIRECTLY FROM 
THE MEDICAL STUDENT PERSPECTIVE! 

• FREE T AKE·HOME LIBRARY CHECKOUT OF THE BEST COMMERCIALLY 
AVAILABLE MCA T &. SCIENCE REVIEW MATERIALS 

• PERSONAL nrrORING & SCIENCE STUDY GROUPS INCLUDED IN PROGRAM 

• ABOlJT HALF THE COST OF OTHER REVIEW COURSES 

~ C)[J 
S~ED IN PART BY TIiE SPECIAL AOIoISSIONS SUPPORT PROGfWI. UCSO SCHOOl Of MEDICINE 

ClASSES BEGIN JANUARY 19TH IN PREPARATION FOR THE AflRIL 1991 MeAT 

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CALL: (619) 456-4848 



OPINION 
4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, October 24,1990 

Dreaming an Improbable Dream 
• If people could only learn to respect diversity, society would be a better place 
By Greg Dixon, Associate Opinion Editor 

I have always looked at things from a realist per-
spective and have very little in me which can be called 
idealistic. Thus. when I am asked to give my opinion 
on something.l do it with as much candor as possible. 

This is the case 
with almost any-
thing that I am 
familiar with. 

When I was 
asked a question 
this weekend 
about what I 
thought of the 
current efforts in 
this country to 
establish an offi-
cial American 
moral code. I 

gave an honest answer. I thought it was garbage. 
Anyone who has read my writings in this newspaper 
will know that [ am a conservative. but am opposed 
[vehemently] to any kind of official dogma or morality 
coming from the government. be it in the form of 
censorship or some other method of limiting the right 
of free expression. 

The gentleman with whom I was having this discus-
sion then asked me to apply this to the current debate 
over the Civil Rights Bill which recently passed in 
Congress. 

"What do you think of it?" he asked. " Is it an 
attempt to instill a morality of equality?" 

And that hit me. I am opposed to the current Civil 
Rights Bill. but had never considered it an attempt to 
legislate morality. I was forced to consider the moral 
underpinnings of the idea of civil rights . 

I am in an unusual position as far as race relations 

is concerned. in that I come from a very diverse area in 
which Caucasians are a distinct minority. I have expe-
rienced racial tension in a manner few whites in this 
country can understand. I have friends who spent 
several years in jail after race-related violence. and 
know several others who have at one point or another 
suffered injury in race related violence. I. myself. have 
been in racially motivated fights. 

The lesson that I was taught by this environment is 
that racism works in all directions. Being discriminated 
against because I was white was not a pleasant experi-
ence. It ranged from not being able to date certain 
people for fear of their family members criticizing me 
for it, to not being able to enter certain restaurants or 
shops unless I was in a large group without running the 
risk of being assaulted as I left. 

Racism is not fun. It has no place in this country. I 
am ashamed of all racists. whether they are Caucasian. 
African. Asian. or any other ethnic affiliation. Despite 
this. I recognize that this is a nation of freedom. This 
freedom must include the right to be racist. even if it 
goes against everything that I think this country stands 
for. 

It is a sad fact that racism is a part of our lives. 
although it is diminishing slowly but surely. This 
presented me with a dilemma. I am a realist. If racism 
is part of human existence - and it appears that it is-
and has been since ancient times. how can it be dealt 
with? This was about aJ far as the agreement between 
myself and the gentleman with whom I was discussing 
this issue was to go. 

At this point I took a position, that the best way of 
dealing with it was the way in which the Constitution 
deals with the issue. In brief. the Constitution of the 
United States grants the equality of its citizens and it 
guarantees them certain rights under the law. These 
rights have been upheld by the Supreme Court over the 

years. and have adapted with the changing of the 
nation 's mentality. As the nation progressed and 
national ideas evolved. the country gradually became 
more pluralistic and open. 

In modern times. the government has acted to 
defend the rights of minorities against discrimination 
and the denial of their Constitutional rights. This is 
how the progress can be measured. We are seeing a 
step away from racism and towards tolerance. 

Or are we? 
There has been a recent resurgence of racist move-

ments of all types in this country. The Aryan 
supremists. The Black Power movement. the Asian 
supremists, and others are all asserting old and out-
dated views of race relations. This scares me to the 
bone. I have had enough violence in my life as the 
result of ethnic conflict. I have seen enough blood 
spilled over the shading of human skin. I have had 
enough of violence and death. 

I have a younger brother who is currently struggling 
to get through high school intact and unscarred. a feat 
which I accomplished. but which is getting harder by 
the day. I sincerely wish to see this type of conflict 
ended. The way to do this is not some stupid concept 
of racial spearateness. This is the idea that the prob-
lem to begin with. Separation breeds fear and mistrust. 
The answer is in education and exposure. 

Students should be taught world history when they 
are young. Not the idea of the Greeks and Romans 
alone. but also the works of African and Chinese 
scholars and philosophers. I had the benefit of this 
program and I have. what I consider to be a very 
tolerant view of the world. Many others that I know 
also share this benefit of a quality education. In high 
school I learned about the Maya. the Han. and the 
kingdom of Mali , as well as Rome. Athens. and Paris. 

See DREAM. Page 9 

America Should Let Go of the Rogue 
• When it comes to 
American foreign policy, 
Israel is bad for business 
By Greg Olx.on, Associate Opinion Editor 

American policy in the Middle East needs to be reevalu-
ated. It is time to seeifourpolicy of the past 45 years has been 
the correct path, or if we should take a new approach to the 
region Therecentcrisis in the Gulfbas forced many problems 
in American foreign policy into the light The foremost 
among these is our unswerving support ofIsmcl This policy 
has cost the United States a great deal with the majority of 

COMMENTARY 
nalioos in the region. while gaining us virtually nothing. 

Taking a practical view, Israel is a bad investment for the 
United States. While the U.S. supplies it with the latest 
weaporuy and tectnoIogy to tum on her neighbors. Israel 
gives the U.S. nothing of value. It is an wue1iable ally. 
igooring American policy ~er it chooses and actively 
pursuing policy contrar:y to long-term stability in the region. 

The problem with Israel is that it enjoys the pri vilege of 
bureaucralicinenia We havesupponed the nation forso long 
!bat wecamot stop now. even though it is in our best interest 
to do so. lnanationfacing'-'gedeJicils,amulti-billioo dollar 
progr1IIJl of aid to Israel will not help in the ensuing years. 

IfIsrael wmto bd:!ave like ooaByofthe UnitedStatesand 
support our actions, it might merit some support. Despite 
dependence 011 the Unitrd States for its vtry survival, Israel 
treaI5 the U .5. like a lackey. It williisten to what America says 
if it suits it, but they will not hesiwe to ignore the U.S. 
whenever it feels the need. 

In addition, if Israel had the type of government that the 
U.S. wished to promote, there would be some merit to our 
continued aid. But a natioo that fires live amrmmition into a 
crowd inorderto kill a few stone throwing youths is hardly the 

type of government that the u.s. should be supponing. South 
Africa ~ even backed away from this type of crowd comoL 
PcrlIaps if o:onomic sancIioos ~ ifT1lOIIed on Israel, as they 
were when South Africatoolc simiJarmcaswes. the goYemmcot 
ofIsraeJ might come around. 

The West Bank is onlypartofthe problem, but it is a part that 
Israel couldhavesolvedeasllythroughcomptomise. By refusing 
to do so, lsmeI strmgthened the position of the radical e1ements 
of the Palestinians. ISrael is now in a no-win situation. It must 

wiIhdraw. sooner or 1aIcr. ovc:r protests at home or bodies in 
die SCrceIS. 

What l1lIIIy people forpt is !bat I$rael is an occupying 
army and the PaIesIinin ft figlting the only war they can. 
lust as Russia was foroed out of Afghanistan and America 
was fon:edoutofVIdnam, Israel will have to leave the West 
Bd and theOam scrip-only the govenunent that is left in 
place will be far more dangerous and vengeful than it would 

See ROGUE, Page 6 

Wednesday, October 24, 1990 

Media Must Guard 
Against Insensitivity 
Editor: 

1be media is. without doubt. one 
of the strongest and most influential 
institutions in our society. Through 
it. political campaigns are won or 
lost. today' s folk heroes are quickly 
thrown out as "yesterday's news." 
alleged criminals are found innocent 
or guilty. All this. through the weekly 
byline. the nightly commentary. or 
some breaking newsflash. 

1be final outcome is that the 
media crafts and molds a substantial 
portion of today' s societal reality. 
In some instances. that is OK. 
However. by the same token. in 
others it is not! 

Please don't misunderstand; this 
letter is not meant as an indictment 
against the media I wish merely to 
highlightthesignificant role it wields 
tn setting the parameters in which 
we live and to reflect upon its impact 
with regard to one very important 
societal issue. 

In the Sept. 24 issue of the 
Guardian. the following comments 
were made by Deputy Police Chief 
Cal Krosch in reference to the al-
leged five-time "Oairemont Killer" 
and the supposed racial or ethnic 
i lentity of the suspect: "Krosch said 
that the pol.ice are looking for a 
'dark-skinned or black-skinned in-
dividual ... . That can mean a num-
ber of things.' he emphaSized. 'We 
could be looking for a Cuban or [an] 
African-American ... • 

Quite simply. such language-
when correlatively used. as in this 
case - is problematic. Linking a 
person's skin complexion with an 
ethnic. cultural. or racial label in 
such definitive phrasing connotes 
that all dark-skinned or black-
skinned people are either Cuban or 
Mrican-American, or conversely. 
that all Cubans or African-Ameri-
cans are dark-skinned or black-
skinned. Furthermore. the result of 
one's doing so postulates that the 
alleged killer is. therefore in fact, 
Cuban or African-American. 
Needless to say. at this point. neither 
the race nor the ethnicity of the 
person being sought is known. 

Though these bottom-line mes-
sages may not have been the intent 
of Deputy Chief Krosch. they are. 
nonetheless. clearly conununicated. 
The use of such language merely 
serves to perpetuate negative racial 

and cultural stereotypes that vic-
timize entire segments of our com-
munity. 

Unfortunately. it is from such 
stereotypes that serious and long-
term damage is often done. Such 
damage erodes the very fiber of the 
emotional and cognitive awareness 
of both the beauty and the richness 
that our similarities and our differ-
ences manifest in this pluralistic 
society.1bese stereotypes only serve 
to often promote a divisiveness that 
debilitates positive interactions 
among people from differing cul-
tural backgrounds. 

I realize that such comments are 
often made without intent to cause 
harm. However. intent does not 
lessen the impact ultimately caused 
by such inappropriate language. 

I realize the Guardian was re-
porting the news. However. were I 
not to share my thoughts with the 
UCSD community ,I would be fail-
ing to avail myself of a prime op-
portunity to reiterate the damage 
caused by such comments. I have 
shared these sentiments earlier with 
San Diego Chief of Police Robert 
Burgreen. asking him to alert his 
Slaff to the dangers inherent in 
making such broad statements. 

Should anyone in our conunu-
nity wish to discuss this issue with 
me further. please contact me at 
534-6708 or stop by the Student 
Affumative Action Programs of-
fice. located in Student Center 
Building B. 

Anthony J. Jemison, Director 
Student Affirmative Action 

Programs 

'Morals' Was Hlgh-
Minded Nonsense 
Editor: 

Mr. Stephen Bach: Your com-
mentary on "male morals" ("Male 
Morals Must ~hange," Oct. 17) was 
amazingly obvious. I get the im-
pression that you wrote it to impress 
your girlfriend. or to gain one for 
that maner. Sure. rape and sexual 
assault are brutal crimes that should 
be dealt with harshly. However. 
don't let a few wackos ruin my 
chances of turning on a TV or 
opening a magazine to a beautiful. 
healthy, near-naked woman offer-

The UCSD Guardian 

ing me an ice-cold beer. 
Do you think the Budweiser girls 

do what they do because Spuds 
MacKenzie is holding a gun to their 
heads? Do you think the dancers at 
Pacers are just bored? Do you think 
the women that frequent bars wear-
ing mini-skirts and crotchless un-
derwear are looking for potential 
husbands? Get real. Mr. Bach! 

Sex sells. it always has and it 
always will. [t is not our attitudes 
about sex that are unhealthy (In my 
opinion, any attitude about sex is 
healthy). It is the way our attitudes 
are acted upon that can be danger-
ous. In conclusion, Mr. Bach. the 
next time that you're between your 
girlfriend's thighs. can I rest assured 
that you won't be looking at her as a 
sex object? I thought so. 

L. James Roberts 

Hotel Project Proves 
'MissIon' Is Greed 
Editor: 

Once again the media played 
into the hands of the beaurocracy. 
It's not at all surprising that the Ritz-
Carlton Hotel project broke the front 
page only after it was well under 
way. rather than in the planning 
stages. At the very least. the story 
proved how UCSD follows through 
its academic mission. Let us not be 
blinded by this hotel's audacious 
future and forget the construction of 
science parks to the north. another 
aquarium to the west, and yetanother 
hospital on the east side of campus. 
All the development seems ironic in 
light of "mini-dorms" and the lack 
of adequate housing. 

Let us also not forget the UC's 
slick move last year in Escondido. 
Land donated by an elderly couple 
for educational purposes became a 
quick profit for developers. The dy-
ing lady said it was her biggest 
mistake "gifting" the UC. It's in-
creasingly clear students and all their 
money can't compete with the 
wretched greed in UCSD's power 
brokers. 

After all. are we here for them, or 
are they here for us? 

Greg Coleman 

If You're In An Accident 
Drive One Of These Cars 

No\v l\t No Cost. 
Porsche 944 Convertible 
BMW 325i Conv. 
Mercedes 190 E 
Nissan 300ZX 

Free luxury/sports car insurance replacement while your car is being repaired. 
INSURANCE CLAIMS, AUTOMOBILE DAMAGE 

AND BODILY INJURY CLAIMS/LITIGATION. 

Law Offices (619) 
IRWIN/DIBOS 236-8420 

OPINION 5 

YEARS 
A HEAD 

IlAIRCUTS 
by .... 
W •••• $1'7 (rt!g. $25) 
.... hot (rt!g. $19) 
UC8D ....... 
I'mrt " HairCIII $10 
or HI,lJii,1tl .I: HaircUl 

For appoilllmeni. please e.u 457·2930. 
8950 Villa La lollll Dr., Su.2120 

_ ._Ioe\g yogurt ........ In the ~ lIonaIe· 
-Melropoiton rrogazIne . .June 1m yogurtTast."lest 

: ·2·· ·'·fo r 1""==="": • Ie. cream and get one • 
• 04 equal Of I ...... value • 
• FREE. •• 

-• La JaIa Colon, 7770 Regents Rd .• , 108 (In 1M Von. Shopping Center) 1l·10:30SYn.·1huI$ .. . 
• One coupon per CUStorn9f. ExpII9$ 10128/90 11-11 ffI. at SOt. • 

~ .............................•..... 

DERMATOLOGY 
t Your skin 

Feel Good Ab&~eases and Surgery of the Skin 
Skin Cancer, Laser Surgery 
Facial Peels, Leg Veins 
Mole and Scar Removal 
Collagen, Cosmetic Surgery 

ALEX PETERSON, M.D. 
BOARD CERTIFIED DERMATOLOGIST 

ell~ Voila La Jolla Or •• Suite 1121 
(1 _ west of 1-5. behind the Elephant Bar) 

552-8842 

WE HAVE 

EXCELLENT 
AUTO INSURANCE RATES 

FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

D'AGNESSA INSURANCE AGENCY 
7841 Balboa Avenue. See . 215 

San Diego, CA 92111 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
PROFESSORS NOTES 

Book Binding 
Copies while you wait 

FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

-

-

3211 HolUltIy a (neXI 10 Do,,"I10'$ Piz%a) • 452-9949 
M -F S' 30-6 I' Of •• ... Sat 1·4 p Of 



6 OPINION 

Are We Emblems of the 
Decline of Civilization? 
What Do You Think? 

The UCSD Guardian welcomes your letters and commentaries. 
Drop your letter at the Guardian offices Ion the second Aoor of the Old 
student Cenler, above the General Store) or mail it 10: 

Opinion Editor 
Guardian 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

letters should be typed, double-spaced, and should include a 
signature and a phone number., Unsi,9ned letters will not be printed. 
We reserve the right 10 edit for length and clarity. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Now PLAYING IN SELECT AREAS, COMING 
OCTOBER 26 To THEATRES EVERYWHERE. 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Pregntmcy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

ePregnancy Termination 
eGeneral or Local Anesthesia 
e Low Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conception ) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
-Student Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

Q;r;t 
~achoice 

... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

Wednesday, October 24, 1990 

ROGUE: Israel Is Bad 
Continued from page 4 
have been if the Israelis had only 
allowed the Palestinians the gradual 
autonomy they asked for four years 
ago. 

·American relations with the Arab 
states in the region are damaged by 
our continued support of Israel. The 
largest stumbling block in Arab-
American relations is the fact that the 
U.S. maintains a dual standard in the 
region. Aggression across interna-
tional borders brings only token 
criticism, if that. Yet, when an Arab 
state acts against a neighbor (as in the 
Iran-Iraq war) the U.S. does its best to 
prolong the conflict and weaken both 
sides. 

The curm1t Israeli intransigence 
when faced with the United Nations 
resolutions requesting an investiga-
tion of the killing of 19 Palestinian 
worshippers is a typicallsnleli tactic. 
IsracI argues that it acted to defend its 
citizens, and not without merit. 
However, the answer is not blind fire 
into a crowd of worshippers, people 
who had come to worship, not to 
promote violence. 

By its inational actions, Israel aI-

lows a few radicals to mobilize wide 
support. This is not the type of govern-
ment the U.S. should identify itself 
with in this region. While the U.S. is 
arguablychoosingthelesserofexisting 
evils, at this juncture the American 
interests in the region could best be 
served by shifting our support to 
moderate Arab states, such as Egypt 
and Saudi Arabia, rather than the state 
of Israel. 

It is time that Americans abandon 
emotional attachment to Israel and 
look. at what will best serve aurinIer-
esIS in the region. 

Israel is not the solution, it is a 
problem. Worst of all, it is a problem 
that has a very strong and wealthy 
groupotlobbyistspm:hasingthevotes 
of our congressmen. . 

According to a CNN poll, for the 
first time since the founding of Israel, 
theAmericanpcoplearewillingtocut 
back support for Israe1 in on:Ier to 
improve re\ations with the ather Arab 
states in the region. 

Now is the time for America to ro-
evalLl8le and change its flawed policy 
in the Middle East, while the circum-
sIanccs are fortuitous. 

MeAT 
(455-1000), the medical students (456-4848), and Kaplan (277-6744) 

have prep programs. Before you plunk down hundred. of dollars 
for a course, call around ADd let the fad •• 

learning complex skills, it is our position that you need extensive 
I DeltsOn.al contact with real expert_, in addition to all the "bells and 

Included in our program: 
170 hours of in-cIass problem solving and review. 

best in_trudore you'll ner meet,. all with advanced degrea in 
their specialty, and years of full-time teaching experience, 
I ISJ:BIUIIlIllC.JIy~l.UJ.Ullm&lLin.a.u:~1U means personal attention. 
I N ..... rlv 1,000 pagn of fGalled review materia1e. 

Il:!llolU~LL!!Sl;&(Mon &: Wed evenings and Sat &: Sun mornings), 
over fifteen weeks (with Finals break). 

classes start Janual)' 5th. Call for additional information. 

It's Your Choice. (619) 455-1000 
.L1U •• ___ ' ____ 06_ .... 

/711 JJ-IIIIII .,,,~, ., '" '!:/ 

INTRODUCES UCSD 
"CAMPUS CUTS & STYLES· 

by LORENE 
WOMEN 
MEN 
Hilites & Penns 
(including Haircut) 

$18 
$13 

3251 HOUDAY COURT, SURE 201 LA JOLlA 453.9477 
Above 51. Germain's Liquor & Deli • Call for appointmenl 

. 

Still haven't found it? 

UCSD Guard ian C .... ifieda. Call 534·5416 for information. 

Wednesday, October 24, 1990 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
- Rules and Regulations: 

' SEND'I'HE EI<\'1lY ON AN 8 1/2" BY II"SHEETOP 
PAPER ALONG WITH YOUR NAME, YEAR. IN SCHOOL. 
HOMETOWN.COLl...ECiI! YOU AT'T'flrID AT UCSD, MAJOR. 
AND PHONE NlJMBEIt TO SPORTS EorroR. UCSD 
G~ARDIAN. 9500 GIl.MAN DRIVE 0316. LA j ()J.l.A, 
CA 92093-03 16. You CAN A1.SO DRoP rrOFF IN THJ! 

Sf'OItTS EDf'TOa'S lOX AT THi GUAJlDIAN OF'FICZ. 
LOCA11!D IN ntESTVDEHTCENTEA. ACIOU fltOM ntE 
OYM. 

-Au. UCSD m.rDENTS, STAt""P. AND FACULTY 
.uB ELIOIBLE TO ENTER, EXCEn' FOR GUARDIAN STAFF 
MEMOEJlS AND EMPLOYEES Of' BJ '. CHICMlO PtlzERIA. 

• THE PEltSON WHO COMES 1JP WrT'H THE fot()ST 
CORR.ECT ANSWERS, AS DETEAMlNED IY nm. JUDGES, 
WD..L ae OECLUW> THE GRAND PRIZE WINNER AND 
Wu.L BE RECOONIZED WHEN THE QUIZ 15 PRlNTW nfE 
fOU.OWIJ'o'O WEEK. lNnfE EVENTOP A TIE. A DftAWrNO 
WI..L BE HElD TO DETERMINE 1HE WINNER . THOSB 
CORllCT E.'IlTRIES NOT SfLECT'EO AS TilE GRAND PRIZE! 

WINNER WILL BE CONSIDERED RUNNERS-UP. 
.oNLY ONE am. Y I'EIl PERSON PEA OUIZ. &molES 

WUST 8E AT mE G UARDIAN BY NOON TUESDAY. 
-THE ORAND PRIZE WINNER WILL RECEl VB A FREE 

OINNER FOR TWO AT 81's CHICAOO PIZZERIA. 
RUNNERS- UP WILL RECEIVE A FREE PITCHER OF 
MlCHI!l.OB DRAFT BE!!R. OR 5OOA. AT BJ' •• LOCA11!D 
IN LAJClU.A VIllAGE SouAAl!. A USTOF AU. WlNI<EP.S 
flU aE POSTED AT 8J's EACH WEEK AND WINNERS 
NEED ro SHOW IOfNTIACATlON TO CLAIM PRIZES'", 

This week's questions: 

The UCSD Guardian 

1. What is UCSD's mascot? 
2. What is Muhammad Ali's real 
name? 
3. True or false: San Diego has a 
profess ional basketbal l team. 
4. True or false: Los Angeles has 
one professional basketball team. 
5. Who was named MVP in this 
year's World Series? 
6. How ma ny holes are there on a 
regulation golf course? 
7. H ow many points are 
considered a perfect game in 
bowling? 
8. How many people entered last 
week 's BI's quiz? 
9. What is the most common color 
of tennis attire? 

PACIAC BEACH: 
1447 Gamet Ave. 

,.. COLLEGE: 273-CUTS 
• 'f...,t' 6686 EI Cajon Blvd. 

t-lcNI \.oV"'- 463-5052 OCEAN BEACH: 
4882 Newport Ave. 

HILLCREST: 222-3777 
409 Unlvelsity Ave. 
291-CU1S 

10, True or fal se : UCSD has an 
intercollegiate field hockey team? 

Last week's questions & answers: 
1, Who i the student assislant for 
the UCSD women's volleyball 
team? Greg Huffstutler 
2. Which two UCSD teams won 
national titles last season? 
Women's soccer and women's 
water polo 
3. Who is the backup goalie for 
theUCSDmen' s soccerteam? Jed 
Brintzenhoff 
4. Who is UCSD' s head athletic 
trainer? Marcia Klaiber 
5. Which three UCSD sports are 
under new head coaches this year? 

SPORTS 7 

Fencing, softball, swimming 
6. Who wears jersey number 20 
for the UCSD women 's soccer 
team ? Diana Klintworth 
7. How many home meets does 
UCSD cross country have this 
year? O ne 
8. How many UCSD athletes 
were All-Americans last year? 44 
9. Where are the WWPA men's 
water polo championships being 
held thi s year? Claremon t 
College 
10. What is the phone number at 
the Canyonview [ntercollegiate 
Office? 534-4211 

Last week 's winner: No entries 

CUTTING EDGE 
Take a Closer Look 

'T1l be the first to 
admit that there 
are major 
environmental 
concerns, but rm 
not ready to 
throw in the towel 
just yet. 

I believe nature holds 
one key to cleaning up 
toxic wastes. When I 
became interested in 
bioremediation, Wcx:xiward-

Development Program 
encouraged my 

research and 
advanced my 

education. EPA 
now endorses the 
process I've been 

working on. It's no 
mystery to me why 

Woodward-Clyde 
stays on the 

cutting edge: 
Michael Piotrowski. Ph.D: 

Sr. Project Scientist 

Clyde's Professional Wooclward-Clyde is People! 

WoodwarcJ.Clycie " 
COl1su~ing Engineers · Geologists · EnwOI1",.nta' Sc18ntists 

We will be on campus '1'uesay, October 30 • 
PIeHe see your career servlces office to arrange an Interview. 

SUNGLASS SPECTACULAR 
SAVE 50%-70% 

NOW T H R U SUNDAY 
• 70% OFF BODY GLOVE 
100% UV sunglasses 
Hot styles and colors. 
Reg. price from $24 
SALE PRICE from $7,20 
• 60% OFF SUNCLOUD 
Special selection of Rose and 
Amber lenses. Optical quality 
glass lens great for sports. 
Reg. price from $60 
SALE PRICE from $24 

.55% OFF RAYBAN WAYFAR£F1S 
Optical quality gloss lenses 
Great all-purpose sungloss. 
Suggested retail $83 
SALE PRICE just $37.35 
• 50% OFF VAURNET 
Special selection of SKI LYNX , 
NAUTILUX and PX2CXXllenses 
Optical quality glass lenses 
Reg. price from $75 
SALE PRICE from $37.50 

Hurry, sale ends 10/28/90 

w'Pa,ifi, ~y~o " T'o 
The California Attitude 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE. 8855 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. #401 .535-0365 



Arts & Entertainment 
8 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 

A Tuned-Up Classic 
• LJ Playhouse revives 'Twelfth Night' 
By Michael Schwartz 
Senior Staff Writer 

Music floods the theater. A 
glass-encasedelectric guitar glides 
on stage. It is quickly followed by 
a white grand piano. The first line 
is spoken. "If music be the food of 
love. play onl" Wait. is this 
Shakespeare? 

This question constantly fills 
the mind in La Jolla Playhouse's 
current production of "Twelfth 
Night. "Directed by Des McAnuff. 
it is a fantastic visual interpreta-
tion of the text. placed in a dreamy. 
semi-modem time. The deSign. by 
UCSD graduate student Neil Patel. 
provides clear. yet dreamy images 
of everything from a Roman bath 
house to a La Jolla tennis coun. 

As one of Shakespeare's most 
jovial works. this is a play that 
invites a production on the wild 
side. McAnuff clearly enjoys the 
challenge. and he may as well have 
signed his name across the stage 
floor. A plethora of witty. imagi-
nary locals and choices fiU up the 
three-hour comedy. The many vi-
sual gags popping up throughout 
the production range from the ar-
rival of a pizza delivery man to a 
character vomiting into a pot. 

The strength of these comic 
devices is in their unity with the 
text; one never gets the feeling that 
the play is being mocked or mod-
ernized too much. This is a produc-
tion that has a great deal of fun. 
placing emphasis on the Bard's 
bawdiness which many modem 
productions choose to slide over. 

The music. performed live on 
synthesizer. guitar. and piano 
(composed by Michael Roth and 
McAnuff). is an especially crafted 
touch to this production. A strong 
Southern heritage is evident in the 
show-stopping pot-banging 
rhythm sequence. 

Unfortunately. by concentration 
on achieving an outrageously bi-
zane design. somebody may have 
forgotten the actors. Granted all 
have a charm that makes them fas-
cinating to watch. but no matter 
how modern a production. the 
words are stiLI dated for the mod-
em ear. The language often be-
comes difficult to follow as actors 
attempt to speak in too modem a 
LOne. and not "trippingly on the 
tongue" as Shakespeare advocated. 
This may prove a problem to people 
unfamiliar with the story. 

While some Shakespearean 
troupes are determined to stay as 
close to the original productions as 
modem conventions allow. this 
version is determined to break them 
all in a powerful. deconstruction ist 
fashion. 

This is a show for everyone 
who thinks Shakespeare is an an-
cient. boring writer. He' s actually 
quite alive and well. and with a 
little modem imagination. he goes 
a long. long way. 

Where: Mandell Weiss Theatre 
When:Tues.·Sun.8p.m.; matinees 
Sat. & Sun. 2 p.m .. thru Nov. 18. 
Tickets: $20·26. Student half-price 
tickets available one hour before 
show. For info , call 534-3960. 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

EJcpr_ 1112~ 

I 30 TAN DAY$ __ ,J 
Call for details· 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap -Only $48 

Not a le~ral)' water loss ' Reduce cellulite and stretch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct.I204 • 455-0909 

The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, October 24, 1990 

Shuffling Onto the Night Shift 
• 'Hollywood Shuffle' alumnus Jimmy Woodard speaks on 
the road to stardom and Stephen King's latest horror flick 
By Julie Sherman longer to start. 
Senior Staff Writsr "I was performing at the Improv in Holl ywood late 

Casey Kasem. Dick Clark. Jimmy Woodard. one night -the second-to-last comedian to go on a 
After completing his three-year Navy stint. Tuesday." Woodard remembered. "I was up there 

Woodard came home knowing what he wanted to be. acting crazy as usual. Robert Townsend happened to 
Without hesitation. he began to pursue his goal of be in the back. He came up to me afterward and said. 
becoming a disc jockey. As a student at the Omega 'Hey kid. you're funny. man!'" 
Institute for Announcing and Radio Production. how- And. in typical Hollywood fashion, Jimmy 
ever. Woodard stumbled onto his current profession Woodard suddenly got his big break. Townsend told 
quite unexpectedly. ,-__________________ ......, him he was doing a 

Woodard recalls. 3D-minute short at the 
"I always cracked beach the following 
jokes in class. and Sunday. Woodard 
the teacher said. showed up. and 
'You know. you're picked up more and 
really funny! You more dialogue from 
should think about Townsend as the day 
being an actor or a wore on. The title of 
comedian.' I just the short? The infa-
laughed." But after mous "Hollywood 
graduating from Shuffle." 
Omega. Woodard JimmyWoodard's 
was less excited portrayal of "Tyrone 
about being a disc the Movie Critic" 
jockey. He realized gave him widespread 
that maybe his publicity in this sur-
teacher was right: prise smash hit. No-
maybe he should body. Woodard in-
give acting a shot. c1uded,daredtodream 
So. with ambition as that "Hollywood 
hi.s guide. he began Shuffle" would gamer 
to take acting the success it did. But 
classes. After spend- Woodard isn't com-
ing about 20 weeks plaining. 
at the Barbizon "Without 'Holly-
School of Modeling. wood Shuffle'" he 
a friend told him stated simply. "I 
about the renowned would probably still 
Second City Players be struggling." 
Workshop in Chi- But now. armed 
cago. After over a with a role in Stephen 
year and six months King's latest movie 
with the Floating "Graveyard Shift." 
Umbrella Studio. Jimmy Woodard is 
Woodard felt that he was ready. 

"I wanted to be astar.so I wentstraight to L.A .... he 
said with flair. "Actually. I was deciding between 
L.A. and New York. But it was November 1979 at the 
time and I knew New York was/reezing! So I went to 
where the sun was." 

Keep in mind that Jimmy Woodard was in Los 
Angeles to act. Comedy wasn't in the picture until one 
night when he decided to perform on an open mike at 
the Comedy Store. 

"It was my first time ever doing stand-up."Woodard 
smiled. "I didn't have any material. I just went up 
there and started talking about the smog in L.A., and 
people were laughing! 

"One time. I was playing at a club in North Holly-
wood called the Deli Smoker. There was one guy in 
the audience. and he was sitting way in the back eating 
a ham on rye and not laughing. So I did my set and 
got off." 

Ironically. had it not been for his stand-up act. 
Woodard's acting career might have taken much 

ready to hit the big time. 
The film. which starts its run in San Diego theaters 

on Friday. is a modem horror-thriller based on a short 
story from King's 1978 anthology Night Shift. 

It centers on a group of workers in Maine who are 
cleaning out the basement of a textile mill. Of course. 
this cleaning takes place during the graveyard shift. a 
perennial time frame in a horror-flick scenario. 
Woodard plays Charlie Carmichael. one of the work-
ers who discover the terror of the creature living 
underneath the cemetery next to the mill. 

Although he was hired to be funny. Woodard 
found that as they got into filming. "everything got 
really weird and scary. We were all a little more 
serious with our roles. I got scared even making it ... 
the special effects were greatl" 

"I hope a lot of people will want to go see this 
movie." Woodard said. "It'£ a fun movie-it'll scare 
you." 

And who knows? Maybe he'll even scare the guy 
with the ham on rye. 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

WO/,o_ SI 5() 
an advelllure In cards oS glfls 

n70 RegenlS Rd. 
La Jolla Colony Plaza next (0 Vons 

450-0709 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation. 
Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
If interested. call 534·4955 (leave name and number) 

or call534-6847. 

Wednesday, October 24, 1990 

DREAM 
Continued from page 4 

What is needed is an understand-
ing of eli versity. Americans can learn 
to understand that there is more to 
life than Mom. Dad. and apple pie. 
We can accept ideas and peoples 
from beyond our borders. What stops 
us is our own sense of superiority. It 
is unfortunate that we live in a soci-
ety where our children are 
uneducated compared to those of 
other nations. Children in Kenya 
can name the fifty states of America, 
but most Americans would be hard 
pressed to locate Kenya on a map. 

I do not seek this step as a method 
of instilling a mindset in America's 
youth. I merely seek to expose them 
to the broadest possible range of 
ideas. What the children choose to 
do with that education is entirely up 
to them. If they choose to be racist. 
so be it. That is their right, but at 
least they wiu have the opportunity 
to make the decision based on the 
widest possible amount of informa-
tion available. Their decision will 
be an educated one rather that one 
make in ignorance. 

Once again. I am a realist. I know 
that Americans feel they should not 
be concerned with the rest of the 
world, or with anyone outside of the 
individual. We are the "me first" 
society. This is not necessarily a bad 
thing in and of itself. What is bad is 
when we blind ourselves and reject 
diversity because of it 

If we could learn to respect di-
versity. we would live in a better 
society. Can we? 

Maybe not. But there are not 
impossible things. only improbable 
ones. 

You Don't 
Have to be 

An 
Einstein 

To Understand 
the Benefits of 
an Internship 

Relatively speakIng, 
InternshIps have 

dIscovered just about 
the best career 
equatIon ever, 

Experlence=Success 

FOR DETAILS 
CONTACT: 

Academic Internship 
Program 
2nd floor 

Literature Building 
Room 3255 
534·4355 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 9 

COMMENTARY 

On the Passing and Rising of Legends 
• A colleague reflects on the inspiration of the late Charles Thomas 
8y8ob .... 

The first SO years of my life 
allowed me to be strongly in-
Oueaced by two distinct and 
legendary personalities. Thanks 
to the beroic and piooeering 
spirits of Emmett Ashford. the 
ftrstb1ack major league umPire, 
andCbarles Thomas, the F8lber 
ofBlact Psychology ,I become 
a better and bigger legend ev-
eryday! While Emmett passed 
away a decade ago, Cbarlesonly 
recently rushed off to the land 
invisible. 

The Ashford and Thomas 
legends have taught me bow 
powerful, yet so delicate life is. 
No one lived as fully and joy-
ously as they did, and when 
their eanhly existence ended. 
they still bad lengthy "life 

agendas"to attend to. But. such is 
life; and its ending, too. Charles 
and his wife Shirley an: together in 
etemallest. 

J know no one who was so 
positive a role model for so many 
people tban Charles Thomas. 
While continually promoting tbe 
powers of ethnicity and African-
American actions. Thomas was 
transcendenl8l in spirit - a being 
for all seasons. 

He deplored racism and rou-
tinely harassed those ignorant to 
the relevant impact of African-
American perspectives. He bad the 
unique and gentle ability to un-
derstand and :elate to tbe needs of 
peQple, regardless of race, gender, 
age, social choice, and political 
and spiritual preferences. 

My personal memories of 

Thomas an: many. In 1972. he 
enCouraged me toeam two degrees 
in counselor education, one in the 
traditional sense, and another from 
an African-American perspective, 
even though 1 would only receive 
official credit for the first one. 
While I argued with advice he of-
fered me in 1974, his very words 
are the cues I've used for achiev-
ing more than 15 years of ex.citing 
career success at UCSD. 

Most imporuntly. Charles 
Thomas. like Emmett Ashford. 
provided me with an animated 
model of dynamic, flamboyant, 
creative, and confident living. Be 
it the twinkle inhis eyes. the robust 
n8ture of his laughter. his suave 
and debonair actions, or his 
amazing ability to capture respect 
from those around him, OlarIes 

will always live in the joy and 
works of my life. 

While I refused to mourn 
Ashford's death years ago, nei-
Iher shall I mourn Thomas' 
absence today. 

Instead of basking in sorrow 
and despair. J choose to cel-
ebrate and rejoice over the 
positive influences left for me 
by a beloved colleague. men-
tor, role model, and friend. I 
hereby propose a toast to the 
fond memories and influences 
of Charles Thomas: 

Charles. you taght me to 
become a legend in my own 
mind and time. and I will forever 
thrive on motivating others to 
become legends. too. 
8Gb Mou Is. P .E. SuperviIlOl' 
and TennIs Instructor 

A Brighter Image For You 
Want a more fulfilling social life with a dazzling, 
eye-catching smile that mesmerizes people? 
Why not you? 
Why not a nice, pearly white smile? Cleaner, whiter 
teeth are possible! 

OPEN ON SATURDAYI' EVEN ... 
ONLY 10 Mil. AWAY FROM CAIItUS 

CALL DR. lAD • 490-8081 

BACK TO SCHOOL SPECIAL 
$20 CLEANING & EXAM 

or 30'· OFF any dental procedure * 

-IIIIcngIA-11 
• or.nl .. 

~,T"""'A"'" 
49N099 *" JOU have Insur.nce 

3737A Moraga Avenue #A-107 
San Diego, CA 92117 

Are you ready for some fun? Sure you arel 
Here Is your chance. 

The University Bookstore Is sponsoring a 

~alloweeQ ,o&UIT\e ,OQtest 
October 31 at 12:30 

in front of the store on the first floor. 
Prizes will be awarded for 

The Funniest 
The Scariest 

The Most Original 
Grab your favorite S\!t of bat wings and fly down for a chance to 
win a mountain bike, a 13 Inch color television, or a clock radio. 

B I v d • 



10 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, October 24, 1990 

LETTERS TO THE SPORTS EDITOR w. SOCCER w. V-BALL 
A's Not the Better 
Team for Readers 
Editor: 

I am tired of reading and 
hearing all you pathetic, whin-
ing A's fan tell me that the 
betterteam 10 tthe World Serie . 
If the A's were really a better 
team, they would prove it on the 
field and not on paper. 

When the World Series is 
decided on paper, then come 
back and talk to me. 

In case you A's fan have 
forgotten, baseball is what 
people call a leam port. When 
each player on the team performs 
his duty, the team wins. 

Obviously the Reds players 
performed their duties better 
than the A's did. 

So, who really is the better 
leam? The A's may be a better 
group of individuals, but the 
Reds are a better team. 

The Reds do not have a Cy 
Young candidate (i.e. Bob 
Welch) or an MVP candidate 
(ie. Rickey Henderson). 

What the Reds have isa group 
of players that play well under 
pressure together as a team. 

For all of you A's fans who 
turned off the television before 
Jo e Rijo received his World 
Series MVP a ward. let me explain 
what he said. 

Hi point was not that he was 
the best. Instead, Rijo wished 
that they could have 25 MVP 
awards - one for each member 
of his team. 

Congratulations to the Reds, 
the best team in baseball. (P.S. r 
personally hate the Reds. J bleed 
Dodger blue.) 

Matthew Rasband 

Editor: 
Subject: A whining, shame-

less A's fan named Peter Ko, 
Associate Spons Editor, UCSD 
Guardian. 

Your mother was right, you 
are an idiot. 

Statistics don ' t win champi-
onships. Choking, heartless, 
spineless (and I might add, now 
dead and buried as a result of 
these afflictions) teams don ' t win 
championships - except in the 
junior circuit. 

That 's the American League, 
for those of you keeping score at 
home. 

The only team the destiny-

FREE FRIES 
Brlng :~.lS ad :~. yOl.~ :".eXl ·:lS.~ :r:d rece.v~ :)ne :)~Ge~ :: 

AmellCO:l Fnes FREE when you ::de: a:; O:.g.na; or a ~ 12 

DELMAR 
The authentic Hamburger /Malt Shop 

• Hamburgers • American Fries • Chill 
• Sandwiches • Pies • Malts • Shakes • Floats 

Now Near Your Campus 
Del Mar Plaza - Street Level 1555 Camino Del Mar I 755-1954 

Sun.-Thurs. 11-10 • Fri. Be Sat. ll-Midnight 

Uncle Sam 
Wants You ... 

to serve an 

INTERNSHIP 
in 

Washington, 
D.C. 

Learn the Senifits at the 
Second Annual 

D.C. 
INTERNSHIP 

FORUM 
Friday, October 26 

1 :30 to 3:30 pm 
Career Services 
Center Rm 103 

Sponsored by the Academic Internship Program 
Complimentary Refreshments 

doomed A's managed to defeat 
in their past three appearances 
in the World Series was the 
pitcherles Giants (and even this 
required an act of God). 

You might get away with 
using the old badly timed slump 
excuse once (i.e. against the 
Dodgers), but twice? 

Face the fac ts - Jose 
Canseco and the rest of the A's 
are nothing but a bunch of gut-
Ie s pansies. 

Talk all you want about what 
could have been. Let that regret 
and frustration pour out allover 
the back page of the Guardian. 

I enjoy nothing better than 
the moaning and sniveling of an 
all too proud Oakland A's team 
and their equally cocky fans . 

Humiliation must be a hard 
pill to swallow. So go ahead, 
don't take it with dignity -
choke on it, let it spew fonh. 

Wallow in your self pity as 
long as you like, and remember 
how the Cincinnati Reds scraped 
the Oakland A's off the bottom 
of their shoes. 

The Oakland Athletics, just 
another loser, swept into the 
dust pan of history. 

James Burke 

Continued from page 16 
McManus wasn't even too dis-

turbed about the missed scoring 
opportunities. 

"As long as we create the 
chances, more balls are going to go 
in," he said. 

Overall, the Tritons out-shot the 
the Athenas 17-4 en route to their 
12th shutout of the season. 

McManus' good mood, how-
ever, might be short-lived. 

Just as the Tritons are beginning 
their stretch run - including a 
crucial game this weekend against 
CSU San Bernardino - they are 
suddenly starting 10 feel the wear 
and tear of the long season. 

According to McManus,junior 
midfielder Ioanne daLuz will be 
out for the rest of the season after 
suffering a knee injury in 
Saturday's game against Occiden-
tal College. 

She is scheduled to undergo 
surgery today for torn knee liga-
ments. 

In addition, junior forward 
Cheryl Parker might also be out for 
the season with a knee injury. She 
was injured after being slide-
tackled against Claremont. Ac-
cording to McManus, her status 
for the remainder of the season is 
yet to be determined. 

Continued from page 16 
all-time unbeaten streak against 
the Toros to 12 matches where 
UCSD has prevailed in 30 out of 
37 total games. 

UCSD is now 6-3 on the season 
against Division n opponents and 
4-4 on the road. 

Once again, juniors Elizabeth 
Tan and Vikki Van Duyne pow-
ered the Triton offense with eight 
and six kills, respeclively. 

Van Duyne and Tan are also 
one-two for the Tritons in lotal 
kills this season. 

The match at Dominguez en-
abled UCSD to let out a little bit of 
its pent-up anger from its hard-
fought four-game loss to top-
ranked Washington University of 
SI. Louis at last weekend's Na-
tional Invitational Tournament at 
Washington University. 

The Tritons will travel to north 
this weekend to compete in the 
Occidental College Invitational 
Tournament on Friday and Satur-
day. 

Possible tournament opponents, 
or victims, as the case may be, for 
the Tritons will be, of course, Di-
vision m competitors Occidental, 
Colorado College, Cal State Uni-
versity San Bernardino and MenJo 
College. 

OFFICE WITH A VIEW 
The Peace Corps is an exhilarating two year ex-

perience that will last a lifetime. 
Working at a professional level that ordinarily might 

take years of apprenticeship back home, volunteers find 
the career growth they're looking for and enjoy a unique 
experience in the developing world . 

International firms and government agencies value 
the skills and knowledge mastered during Peace Corps 
service. 

ON CAMPUS NEXT WEEK 
INFO BOOTH: Tuesday thru Thursday. Oct. 30. 31 & Nov. 1 

The Hump & The Price Center. 9 om - 1:30 pm 
MEET WITH RETURNED PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEERS 

Tuesday. Oct. 30 - Career Services Center. Conference Room. 2 pm · 4 pm 
OVERSEAS OPPORTUNITIES IN MATH AND SCIENCE 

Wednesday . Oct. 31 - Career Services Center. Conference Room. 2 pm - 4 pm 
QUALIFYING FOR PEACE CORPS WITH A LIBERAL ARTS DEGREE 

Thursday. Nov. 1 • Career Services Center. Conference Room. 2 pm - 4 pm 
INTERVIEWS: Wednesday and Thursday. Nov. 14 & 15. Career Services Center 

APPLICATION MUST BE COMPLETED PRIOR TO INTERVIEW 
SENIORS · APPLY NOWI 

For applications or more Information visit your Career Planning Center or contact Peace 
Corps collect at (213) 575-7444. ext. 110. 

Peace Corps 
The Toughest Job You'lI Ever Love. 

Wednesday, October 24, 1990 

REDSHIRTS 
Continued from page 14 

they are just being used as practice 
fodder by the coaches. 

The UCSD Guardian 

on skills and learning how the team 
is run," men 's basketball Head 
Coach Tom Marshall commented. 

"It's very important to our 
program. This year all but three of 
our players were redshirts." 

SPORTS 11 

may choose to use some of their 
college time to concentrate on 
studies. 

Such is the case for Jason 
"Turtle" Brown, who was one of 
the stars oflast year's record-set-
ting men's water polo team. 

Another situation is the players 
who get cut from the team, and, to 
save face, claim that they are 
redshining this year. You can 
usually spot them, though, because 
they are the ones who end up 
"redshirting" for three years. 

Men's volleyball Head Coach 
Oscar "Digger" Graybill adheres 
to the same system. LO N D 0 N "",vlf,i.i"9/M...,. .. ingJPA · TheAr" Compef.'i'tlt L~.I Sv.t.m •. Europe." Economv Ind Politic, • M.".~ntl EconomlctlFin.nu . Journ.li.mlBro.dce.tJ Film • PoUIic:. Ind Intern.tion.1 f1.letion. 

He has two years of school left, 
but only one year of eligibility. He 
has chosen to work on his educa-
tion this year, but will most likely 
return to team play next season. 

''There should be no doubt that 
the coaches choose who the 
redshirts are," men's soccer Head 
Coach Derek Armstrong noted. 

"If a player chooses not to 
redshirt, that's their decision. But 
often the only chance a player will 
get to play at this level of compe-
tition is by redshirting," women's 
soccer Head Coach Brian Mc-
Manus added. 

"There's the example of John 
Childers, who was not a starter for 
his high school team and redshined 
our team. He came back the next 
year at setter and played a key role 
in getting us the Pacific Coast 
Volleyball Conference Champi-
onship," Graybill said. 

P,vchotogV and Socl,l Policy 

PARIS 
WASHINGTON 

Med., • Public Rel'lion • • 8u.irlH' . Adver tl.ing 
Tourl.m • F •• hton • The Art •• Government 

The final way players might 
redshirt makes things a little 
complicated. Practicing without 
playing is the most common way 
in which a player redshirts, and, 
depending on the sponor the coach, 
can play an integra! part of the 
team. 

After tryouts, a coach will often 
offera chance to redshirt to a player 
who shows talent, and might help 
the team in the future, but who 
would have a tough time cracking 
the roster. 

In some instances, redshirting 
is vital to a program. In today's 
colleges, there are many different 
ways to complete an education. 
The option of redshirting gives the 
players much more leeway in how 
they choose to mix sports and edu-
cation. 

The way the system is set up, it 
is possible for players to spend 
severa! years at a Division II or ill 
school, and stiJl have a full slate of 
eligibility. At every college level, 
players have four years of eligibil-
ity. In Division I schools , 
redshirting refers primarily to those 
athletes who sit out a season to 
ensure that they do not lose one of 
their four years of eligibility. 

• For progrem det.ils complete 
Ihe coupon below and mail it 10: 

Bolton Univerlity 
Internllionol Program. 
232 BIY State Raid 
BOlton. MA 02215 
6171353· 9888 

Politic • • BUllneulEconomiet • L-all SV"lm. 
InllrrMtion.1 R"adon •• JourNII.rnJCommunl . 
calton •. Hellih Filld • • The Art. 

Each internship program includes: up 
to 16 Boston University semester-hour 
credits, full ·time internships, course 
work taught by local faculty, centrally 
located housing, and individualized 
placements for virtually every academic 
interest. 

BOSTON UNIVERSITY 
A n ~qual opportunity. 
aff,rmat'Yf! action Institution 

------------------------------------------------------'---'---'--i These players continue to 
practice with the team in order to 
improve their skills, but do not 
receive uniforms or travel with the 
team. 

Beyond giving people with a 
varied educational background a 
chance to play, redshirting is often 
integral to getting freshmen ready 
for intercollegiate play. 

Because of the cost of keeping 
athletes on athletic scholarships, 
the athlete is usually only allowed 
five years at the school. 

Name __________________ __ 

It sounds like a fairly just sys-
tem, but the system can be abused. 

Some redshirts complain that 

"Probably 98 percent of the 
playersonourteamwereredshirted 
their first year in orderto give them 
a fighting chance to get their aca-
demics straight while improving 

At Division II and ill schools, 
athletic scholarships are not 
awarded. As a result, there is usu-
ally no limit on the number of 
years a player can practice with the 
team without competing. 

Address ______________ _ 
City ______ State ___ Zip _ 
College/University _____ __ 

__ Summer __ Fall _ Spring 19 __ 

When It 
Comes to 
~-----T Bright 

Futures, 
Baxter 
Really 
Shines 

Baxter Healthcare Corporation 
is the nation's largest supplier of 

quality medical products and devices 
for hospital and surgical use. 

We are interested in talking with Graduating Engineering Students 
in the areas of Mechanical and BioMedical Engineering. 

Come and meet the Representatives at our Information Session. Students are strongly encouraged 
to attend our Information Session prior to on-campus interviews. We' ll be on campus: 

Wednesday, October 24, 1990 
5:00PM-6:00PM 

Price Ce~ter, Davis Riverside Room 
Refreshments Will Be Served 

On-campus interviews will be held : 
Thursday, October 25 and Friday, October 26 8:30am-4:30pm 

Find your place in the sun! Consider a bright future for yourself at Baxter Healthcare Corporation . 
We look forward to meeling with you soon. 

If you are unable to attend, please send your resume to : Ellen Wattiez, Professional Staffing , 
Baxter Healthcare Corporation, Medical Specialty Devices Group, P.O. Box 11150, 

Santa Ana, California 92711. We are an equal opportunity employer m/f/h. 
Medical Spec'ialty Devices Group 

Baxter 

ImIkC)lS· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Gamet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

Join The Faculty aub! 

Membership in the 
Faculty Club is 

open to all faculty, 
staff and 

graduate students. 
You can 

start your membership 
in the Club for 

as little as $62.00. 
Members pay a 1 time 

initiation fee and 
monthly dues of $12. 

Mem~ enjoy 
• Club charge privileges 

• Weekday breakfut 
end lunch service 

• Friday Happy Hour 
• Special member events 

Call Kelli McCoy 
at 534-1931 

for more information 
or to start 

your membel'lhipl 



I 

" 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
D.C. Pop Quiz 12: Is George Bush 
stuck between Iraq and a hard place? 
Only those in Washington know. D.C. 
INTERNSHIP FORUM. Friday. Oct. 
26. Career Services Center. 1 :30· 
3:30. (1 0/24) 

BJ's Pizza is still UCSD's finest 
original pizzeria. Tear out the BJ's 
coupon and get your taste buds to 
BJ·s. For UCSD's serious pizza eat-
ersl (9124-11130) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more . Near SI. 
Germains. 452-9949. (9/24-11130) 
Writing Help. I'vediscoveredlcreated 
unique. Fun - yes. funl approaches 
for serious projects. Begin 481-181 O. 
(1 0/3·11/30) 

Scholarships/grants for college are 
available. Millions go unclaimed 
yearly. Call 1-800-334-3881 . (10/8-
11114) 

BIG GREEN. documentary to support 
Prop 128 to handle the environmen-
tal crisis. Video free every M&W at 
noon. MCC 221 3rd College Media 
Center. (10/15-11 /5) 

Recovering Alcoholics: Males 40-60 
yrs. Hospital-based research in re-
covery from brain effects of alcohol 
abuse. Incenlives offered. Call Sean 
Rourke or June Allen 552-8585 
ext.3731 (Mon- Fri) (1 0/19-10/29) 

PRAYER & PRAISE EVENI NG 
WORSHIP SERVICE - Join with 
other Christian students on campus 
for one hour from 6 to 7 p.m. Sunday 
Evenings in Ihe Police Station Train-
ing Room. Sponsored by the United 
Campus Ministry UCSD. Information 
call : 534·2521 (10/19·1 0126) 

PROJECT PLAIN TALK: SEXUAL-
ITY AND FAITH "If you know the 
biology and want to expand your 
knowledge base and build a value 
system about sex ... this workshop is 
foryou !" NOV. 9, 10, ll-sponsored 
by the United Campus Ministry, lee: 
$5 pre. regl$8 at the door. Informa-
tion: call 534-2521 . (1 0/22-11/2) 

Get AAAAA's I New study techniques 
and short cuts. Tested methods. 
Astonishing results. Send $4.00 now 
for "The Exam Secret"to B&B Global 
Connections, 7159 Navajo Rd., Ste 
328Jw6, San Diego, CA. 92119 (101 
24) 

Commodity Futures Trade intern 
needed ASAP! Economics. Market-
ing. Finance majors call ASIO, 534-
4689 for info II (1 0/24) 

Molecular Biology interns needed fo r 
c utting edge research with 
MacConnell Research Inc. Call ASIO, 
534-4689. (10/24) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (jor personal use onLy), $3 for faCUlty alld staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, 3 p.m. Mondayfor Wednesday's issue, and 3 p.m. Wednesdayfor Friday's issue. The 
Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to 
companionship ads. For more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD 
Guardian 0316, 9500 Gilman Drive, La f olia, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student 
Center A, top floor. 

Media Matrix needs interns to do 
video film pre-production. ASAP I 
Contact ASIO, 534-4689. (10124) 

ATIENTION H20 SKI CLUB MEM-
BERS MEETING Wed. 10/24 Price 
Center Gallery A. AT 6:30. NEW 
MEMBERS Welcome. Get Wet! (101 
24) 

Learn about sell·realization th rough 
meditation. Irvine Room, Price Cen-
ter, Wednesdays. 7 p.m. FREE. CALL 
271·4983. (10/24) 

Nothing to do over Thanksgiving? 
Come Kayaking in La Bufadora, 
Mexico with OutBack Adventures. 
534-0684. (10/24-11/5) 

D,C. Pop Quiz ~: " Pete Wilson is 
elected governor, can an intern from 
UCSD serve out his term of office in 
the U.S. Senate? Learn the answer: 
D.C. INTERNSHIP FORUM. Friday, 
Oct. 26. Career Services Center, 
1 :30-3:30. (1 0/24) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 
1500 hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday 
Court. Student discounts. 558-46441 
226-1962. (9/24-1/1 4) 

WRITING Help from UC-Grad Tutorl 
WriterlResearcher. All projects wel-
come. Productive. Intense! Start 
Early. 481 -1810. (1013-11/30) 

Papers typed I Quick and affordable. 
From $21pg. Call LJ Colony Resumes 
& Professional Typing. 455-8357. 
Laser printing ! 60 typesty les to 
choose from ! One day service avail-
able. (1 0/5-11130) 

WORD PROCESSING, 4.0 English 
Skills, term papers, experienced 
dissertations, 7-day week. rush jobs, 
references 755-2683. (1 0/10-1 0/29) 

IMPROVE YOUR GRADES with a 
PROFESSIONALLY TYPED term 
paper or thesis. Foreign languages 
available . NEAR SCHOOL. REA-
SONABLE PRICES. Call Barbara at 
453-0592 or 291-9008. (10/24) 

Bartender school - DaylNightCourse 
250.00- Refresher Course Oct. 20 
andNov. l0. 10a.m. t02p.m.45.00. 
1-800-227-0030 BADD-REACTS 
(1 0/1 9·1111 6) 

FAIRMAIR'S 

USED 501 /5 
C05TUM~S 
FUN, FUNKY 
FUNTI0 NAL 
RESALECLOTHES 

4879 NEWPORT AVE, OC£AN BEACH 
M-SAT. 11 10 6::.1 

222.0220 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Word 
Processing, Reports , Speeches, 
Dissertations, Manuscripts, Presen-
tations. Experienced. Laser printer. 
Student Rates! 753-5964. (10/24) 

WORD PROCESSING - Everyth ing 
from term papers to resumes. 24-
HOUR SERVICE AVAILABLE. 7-
DAYS A WEEK 450-0812. (10/24-
1112) 

TypinglWord Processing. Term pa-
pers - Theses - Manuscripts etc. -
Laser printing - Student Rate - 259-
7581. (1 0124-10/26) 

TYPING: TERM PAPERS. ETC .• 
RUSH JOBS AT NO EXTRA 
CHARGE. 453-0656. (1 013-11130) 

TRAVEL COSTS RISING - BUY 
NOW FOR CHRISTMAS & SPRING 
BREAK. FREE TICKET DELLIVERY 
450-0812. (1 0/24-1 1/2) 

DESKTOP PUBLISHING - Special-
izing in newsletter design. books, 
brochures. invitations, annual reports. 
Pagemaker Training. WRITEIDEA 
594-1080. (10/24) 

WANTED 
Childcare needed in Del Mar 4 :30-
7:00 some days. Own car. 755-6172. 
(10/5-1 0131) 

Happy with your present salary? I 
need people who want to make more 
ASAP (619) 758-4602. (10/10-11130) 

Recycle and make extra money. I will 
buy all your used or unwanted clothes, 
especially jeans and shirts. Call Rod 
at 534-2944 or 450-1273 (evenings). 
(1 0/24) 

WANTED: Used Molecular Model 
sets. Tell a friend. I will buy these. 
Paul. evenings: 552-1038. (10/17-
10/26) 

Domino's Pizza at UCSD is now hir-
ing for Customer Service Represen-
latives. Must be at least 16 years old. 
energetic and efficient with an outgo-
ing personality. Will be responsible 
for greeting customers, taking piua 
orders and other store operations. 
Eligible applicants should apply at 
the UCSD store, located at 3211 
Holiday Court after 3 :30 p.m. (10/1 9-
11 /30) 

Business For Sale 
X-swdwt offering in-home OPP!)'. 
Need a break or ready to make $$ ? 

5300,000+ gross sales so rar litis year. 
Ideal oppty for full or r{f student. 

Pays yourtution. house. auto & morel 

Are you ready to take ove r a 
established business that offers N O 
overhead. inventory or employees? I 
have exculsive to sell big $S home 
recreation item in SD county. I sell 
direct from my house willt no retail 
overhead and have over 300+ 
cus tomers with 011 going referals 
generalmg income. Will sacrifice thi s 
one time apply at $36K which wiJI 
pay for itself in 3-4 months of full 
·time wk . My 4 yr. effort in 
establishing Ihis bu si ness is your 
financa l gain. Will Irain: selling. 
closmg & product knowledg~ . Inc & 
sales figures verified [f you ready for 
your own business and have that 
entrepreneurial dnve, Call 979·1934 

Looking for fraternity, sorority or stu-
dent organization that would like to 
earn $500-$1 .ooofor a one week on-
campus marketing project. Organized 
and hard working. Amy or Jeanine 
(800)592-2121 . (10/24) 

TRADE - 2 tickets for Jane's Addic-
tion. Have Saturday - Need Friday. 
Can 't go Saturday. Lara 582-1234, 
alter 5. (10/19-10/24) 

Babysitter needed. Beautiful fun girls 
ages 4 and 7. Occasional weekend 
evenings Del Mar. 793-0570 (10/19-
10/26) 

Wanted - Mother'S helper, must be 
reliable. considerate, sensible. en-
ergetic. and organized. A valid driv-
ers license and transportation is 
necessary. $6.00 to $8.00 per hour. 
Send qualifications to: Carol Shaffer. 
P.O .Box 3208. Rancho Santa Fe. 
CA. 92067. (10/19-10/29) 

TEACHER IN JAPAN for Nippon 
English Center of Nagoya, Japan. 
Native English speaker w/English. 
Speech degree. $1800-20001 mo. 
Annual raise. paid vacations. Free 
housing and air transportation. Con-
tract : max. 3 Yrs" beginning 1/15/91 . 
Renewable each calendar year. (714) 
776-5759. Lv. message. (10122-10/ 
24) 

Bicycle Mechanic wanted. Full/Part-
time, must have shop experience wI 
references . Expanding Carlsbad 
shop. 434-5698. (10/22-1112) 

In school an.:! need money? Start 
your own business for $150. Fun 
work. Distribute REAL designer fra-
grances. 272-9038. (10/22-10126) 

ASIO Interns in Washington D.C.: 
CNN - Videotape editing, re -
searching, camera; Federal Reserve ' 
Board - research . international fi-
nancial work; Enserch Engineering 
- NASA, Defense Dept placemert; 
Foreign Policy Magazine-magazine 
publication. analysis. Stipends II 534-
4689. (10/24) 

MAKE CASH almost instanUyl The 
"Ultimate" Home Business Plan 
shows you howl WORK at home in 
your spare time I NO GIMMICKI For 
FREE info. send S.A.S.E to : UCSD, 
Andres Garcia. 9450 Gilman Dr. 
#921643, La Jolla. CA 92092-1643. 
(10/24) 

FREE 
COMPACT 

DISCS! 

lo~c..,t PrlCl."'" In 
San Dat'gu' 

~ 
--_.- -
-- ---~ 

MUSIC 
TRADER 

693-1469 

MORl CASH PAlO TOR lO~ A"<IJ TAf'lS 

Wednesday, October 24, 1990 

Graduate into a $30,000+ per year 
part time incomel Act now! Call for 
information. 491 -2247. (10/17-10/26) 
FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITY - your 
own hours - your own boss - un-
limited $$ 619-492-8433 24 hour re-
corded message. (10/24) 
Psych 179 Mid-term & FinaVMid-term 
only Fall 89. I'll pay $3.00. Contact 
Gina 280·4054. (10/24-10/26) 
JOB OPENING: 2 dayslwk Watching 
2 lovely children at home in La Jolla. 
456-1322. (10/24) 

ATIENDANT WANTED by young, 
professional, disabled woman. Be-
ginning November (1 stl2nd wk.). TTH 
6a.m.-noon; Sat. 7 :30a.m.·3:30p.m. 
Reliable , efficient , own car. Personal 
care (no exp OK). shopping. house-
work. driving. $7/hr. PAM 298· 1745. 
(10/24-10/29) 

Excellent part time jobs! Looking for 
ambitious students to work on an on-
campus marketing project for major 
companies. Must be personable and 
outgoing. Excellent earnings! Jeanine 
or Amy (800)592-2121 , (10/24) 

FOR SALE 
FOR SALE: IBM PC Junior. Color 
terminal. Okidata Microline 92 printer. 
MAKE AN OFFER. CALL 270-9220. 
(10/5-11/30) 

DeIMar- whyrenl?$112,900condo. 
2 BR. 2 BA. pool . spa. beach 1 mile. 
Chris. 931 -6977. (10/12-11 /14) 

Stereo. Sony CD, Pioneer Receiver. 
JVC Dual Cassette, Excellent con-
dition. Must sell $200, call 458-0934. 
(1011 7-10/26) 

IBM Compatible, 386SX. 16 MHz, 1 
Mb RAM. 3.5" HD Floppy. 40 Mb 
Hard Drive , 2400 baud internal mo-
dem. 14" VGA Monitor. Purchased 
June, works perfectly. $1 .290 o.b.o. 
Matt, 450-6811 . 

MAC FLOPPY DRIVE: Cutting Edge. 
Like new. $10010BO. Call Dave at 
693-3072. (10119-10/24) 

PIANO-Spinet, practice. Good tone 
& quality. $350.00 OBO - I can 
deliver. Tanya 274-3323. (10/19-101 
24) 

19" Bianchi 12 speed SUNTOUR 
GEARS, pump $200 obo. RA'UP 453-
5514. (10/22-10129) 

AIRLINE TICKET: Roundtrip San 
Fran. Bay Area. Leave Nov. 2. return 
early Nov. 5 . $55.00 Call 558-0055. 
(10122- i 0/29) 

IBM COMPATIBLE XT-TURBO. 
33MB Hard Disk. 2x360k Floppy 
Drives . Graphics Card , Colour 
Monitor SEA/PAR Interface C8!O. 
$450 o.b .o . Rich 457-2361 . (Ring 8-
9am or 5-7pm) (10122-10/26) 

BRAND NEW SKIS. Olin TOS SR 
190's with Soloman 557 bindings both 
never used. Skis alone retaillor $400. 
Already mounted and waxed selling 
for $230. Call 558-1303. (10/22-101 
24) 

DEMOGRAPHICS CLERK 
SAN DIEGO CITY SCHOOLS 
HALF-TIME: $793.50to $964 
PER MONTH. Know basic 
personal computer operation 
and software; word process-
ing; able to learn Landtrak 
Geo. Syst. software ; read 
planning maps/drawings. etc. 
Prefer post-highschool com-
putertraining, demographics 
and statistics. 

Submit our form by 5 p.m . 
Wednesday , Nov. 7, 1990. 
room 1241 , 41 00 Normal 

Street , San Diego ; 293·8150 
EEO/AA 

Wednesday, October 24,1990 

'83 Toyota Tercel. Immaculate look-
ing. 5 speed, great mileage, new 
clutch/brakes. $2,500/besl. 298-
8768. (10/22-10/24) 

2 JANE'S ADDICTION TICKETS for 
Saturday, November 3rd show. $100 
EACH o.b.o Call 483·8910. (10/22-
10/24) 

CYMBAL: Zildian 20" Pang. Excellent 
Condition. $80. Call Alex eves. 558-
7107. (10124-10/26) 

HP28S CALCULATOR - $100 in-
cludes several extras; INFRARED 
PRINTER - extra rolls. ac adapter 
- $70. 692-1873. (10/24-10/29) 

SUBARU Hatchback 1983 4 spd. red. 
AMIFM cassette, air conditioning 
$1 ooOOBOcall Kelly 536-9758. (101 
24·10/26) 

OINGO BOINGO tickets for sale (10/ 
27 on the grass at Irvine) best offerll 
Dawn 486-4083. (10124-10/26) 

ONE JANE'S ADDICTION TICKET 
for Sat. Nov. 3 show. Asking $100 
o.b.o. Call Barbara 457-5690. (101 
24-10129) 

OINGO BOINGO tickets for 10-26 
(on the lawn at Irvine) . Best 
Offer .. .. Dawn. 486-4083. (10/24) 

Jane's Addiction Tickets - For Sat-
urday show. First-bom Child O.B.O 
Call HallSam 558-1611 . (10124-10/ 
26) 

BMW 1982 528E. Automatic, Power 
Everything. Cheap Mechanic too, 
Great Deal, $7000. DAN 759-1565. 
(10124-10/29) 

6" Queen size Futon with .. position 
frame. Excellentcondition. Will deliver 
- $l40/o.b.o. Call 558-7504. (101 
24-10/29) 

Jane's Addiction - 3 tickets for Nov. 
3 - $125 O.B.O. call Ryan or Steve 
450-6879 , 597-0744. (10124· 10/26) 

1988 MAZDA 323 -HB, 24 ,000 
MILES, 4-SPD, AC , PULLOUT 
STEREO, RELIABLE, G REAT 
SHAPE $5,200 - O .B.O. 481 -3166. 
(10/24-10/26) 

t988 Mazda B2200 Cab-plus, 5 spd., 
Buckets. Kenwood ster .. Equalizer, 
tint - $5,800. Call Joe - 558-7602. 
(1 0/24-11 /5) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks. 4whellers, 
TV's, stereos furniture , computers by 
DEA. FBI, IRS and US customs. 
Available your area now. Cali 1-805-
682-7555 Ext. C-1199. (10/24) 

"DISCOUNT AIR FARES. RESERVE 
HOLIDAY TRAVEL NOW. USA, 
EOPE. FREE BONUS MILES. 481 -
1264" (10/24-1119) 

HOUSING 
$2321 own room in Clairemont house. 
4 bedroomsl2 bathrooms wI washer 
& dryer. fireplace. 541 ·2073 Keiko. 
Steve, Rebekah. (10/19-10124) 

3 ROOMMATES WANTED for 4bd 
University City House. Near all . 
Fireplace, garden, carpeting. spa-
cious. 459-2935. (10/19-10129) 

WANTED: ROOMMATE MALE OR 
FEMALE. $350 month plus 1/3 utili-
ties. Own room. 558-8365. (10/22-
10/31) 

DEL MAR CONDO: FURNISHED 
ROOMIBATH. OCEAN ALL AMENI-
TIES. NOSMOKINGIPETS. $47511 
2 UTIl. PETER 792-7659. (10/22-
10/24) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Penasquito $1050 4 bedrooms, 2.5 
baths house. 2-cargarage . Available 
in Nov. Leave message: 695·8253. 
(10/22-10/29) 

MALEIFEMALE roommate wanled 
for 4 bedroom University City condo. 
Own room. Laundry. pool, microwave, 
dishwasher. $300/month . Mike . 
Danny. Greg at 457-0486 or 587-
6079. (10/22-10/24) 

4 bd spacious University House fo r 
rent I Walk to malls, 5mn from UCSD. 
Must see! 459-2935. (10/22-10124) 

Male roomate share 4BRl2BA. own 
room. In University City, near UCSD. 
$334. Craig, 546-9459. (10/24·11 /2) 

Female Roomate needed. La Jolta 
Colony - UCSD,ownbedroomand 
bath WID, on busline. many extras! 
$450 + 1/2 utilities a month. Call 558-
6623. (10/24-10/26) 

"Room. private Bath with Kitchen 
privileges in exchange for light 
housekeeping. Desire Male Spanish 
speaking foreign student. (Graduate 
student preferred.) Must like cats I 
Mesa College area. PH- 279-0336" 
(10/24) 
ROOMMATE WANTED 3BR. 3 
BATH IN LA JOLLA COLONY, POOL, 
PARKING. $400.00+ 112 UTILITIES, 
PAUL 59]'()350. (10124-10/26) 

OCEAN VIEW furn.house/Encinitas . 
3bdrml2bath. Heated pool. gorgeous 
patio. Avail. 12116·117. $1350 944-
1762. (10124-10126) 

PERSONALS 
Ski Utah for Thanksgiving with 
R.I.S.C.I TIx on sale at Box Office. 
More info. 534-4482. (10/22-10126) 

Beautiful outdoor dining overlooking 
Torrey Pines goll course! Tasty. nu-
tri tious cuisine, all you can eat sa lad 
bar ... Choices 554-FOOD, (20% d is-
count wI UCSD 10). (9/24-11130) 

ERIKA TORAYA - Keep looking 
both ways before crOSSing the street. 
LOVE, YOUR BIG SISTER #3. (1 01 
24) 

Carrie - Don't forget to check for 
scary monsters under the bed before 
you sleep . (1 0/24) 

Hedder- I oweyouone l! Nexttime. 
I promise notto whine. (1 0/24) 

Pi Kaps - Thanks for the scuffle 
Friday. Gangsters never mixed it up 
so well. Love. SigmaK. (10124) 

UC CYCLERY is now offering an 
awesome tune up special. With the 
coupon inFriday'spaperyouget$5.00 
off our $25.00 price. We'lI fix your 
bike up right. (10/24-10/29) 

Sig Eps - Thanks for a great time 
Friday nitel We had a blast! Love PI 
PHIS. (10124) 

FREE FOOD 
AI J'IIV .... ID do i .. n ........ 

Us/G. •• Sports Trivia Quiz.. 
It'.!hat simple' - so IGIisfy your 

hu .... -Inlar 1Dday. 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

FeEt ... CNer 55 CaibTla sLidens nmaged their CM'n IlJsi1esses last s.mmer 
Fact ... Their wage eMirgs b'1hesunmer <i 1900 were $10.700 
Fact ... They amnued kl ~ a deca:iIHr1g 1Ja:k reoord in bJsiness 
Fact ... These SUienIs aI nlal aged YtUh SUlert Paim em gcined valJcii! 
rra IaQ9Il18rII experEe 
Fact., .Ms tmibies M be fled ~ the end <i NoYerrter 

In evry trip, there ani spaces for 
self impnMment. Jenny Craig 

Weight Loss CenInt, Maxi's Boutique, 
Bookstar; you can 4MII do a &tIIe fiIIet.of.soIe 
searching at La JoIa Seas Restaurant, Need a 

gift 10m the Far East? Sprouts for your vegetarian 
dinner? Become one with !he Costa verde Center. 
0Iher stores: McDanaId's • Hat Wok. Cafe 
• Ales • Sushi lei' Kazumi • La Salsa 
• DiMaItia's· Subway. Soup Exchange 



14SPOR.TS The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, October 24, 1990 

A LOOK AT REDSHIRTS 

Gu8ld'" FIle Photo 
Jason "Turtle" Brown (top photo) is 
redshirting in 1990 after playing three 
years, while men's basketball Head 
Coach Tom Marshall believes in players 
sitting out their first season at school. 

By Robb Earnest 
Staff Writer 

, 

They sit on the sidelines, watching every 
game. Instead of starring on the field, they 
spend countless hours in rehabilitation ses-
sions. 

In another scenario, they diligently attend 
every practice. But when it comes to game 
time, they. don't even get a unifonn. It's a 
tough life, but in college athletics, someone 
has to live it. 

That someone is the redshirt athlete. 
The tenn "redshirt" originated 00 the 

football field. In a practice, there would be 
two teams. One squad was led by the starting 
quarterback, the other by the backup. The 
quarterbacks wore red jerseys to set them 
apart from the other players. 

So, for the backup, the redshirt came to 
symbolize a person who is important enough 
to be a part of the team and practice with the 

• Immediate tat results 
• AnaIysM of Test Questions 

• Learn valuable Test· TakioB Techniques 
• Fee of only $25.00 

team, but is not quite ready to be a player in 
a real game situation. 

The use of the word grew to encompass 
any player io a college sport who for some 
reason is unable to play for the team, yet 
remains a member throughout the seasoo. 

There are generally three cases in which 
players might redshirt. The first occasion 
would be if players get injured at the begin-
ningofthe season, before they have a chance 
to compete in any games. In this case, they 
will be unable to play or practice with the 
rest of the team. 

Although these athletes compete, and 
aren't able to play, an injured player who 
redshirts is still a part of the teIIm and still 
does whatever it will take to remain on the 
team. Iunior Katy Dulock has been placed in 
this role. 

Two years ago, Dulock set a record for 
most goals in a season for the women's 

soccer team. This year she was again ex-
pected to be one of the team 's leaders, but 
due to a stress fracture, she is sitting it out. 

"I still go to all the games and travel with 
the team, but my practice consists of reba-
bilitating my foot by biking and swimming 
exercises," Dulock said. 

Another case in which players might 
redshirt is for academic reasons. Athletes 
may either be academically ineligible - in 
which case they are forced to redshirt - or 
they simply choose to sit the season out. 

'The instances in which players choose to 
redshirtare unique to non-Division I schools, 
because a player who is receiving an athletic 
scholarship better have a really good reason 
for not playing. 

In other words, if you're healthy and 
eligible, you had better be out on the field. 

In Division II and ill, however, players 
See REDSHIRTS, Page 11 

.... inglrrilable, "on edge," unable to relax? 
Difficulty concenhalill" and ltudying? 

Always waili.-. for .... other shoe to drop? 
Expet iencing muscle e-nlion or physicallymptoml 

that ...... to have no real cau .. ? 

·D.=!=!.~·.D.· 
Dr. Murray Rosenthal and his associates at Behavioral Medicine 
Research are looking for subjects betwe.. 18 and 65 years of age 
(females must be unable 10 bear children) 10 participate in clinical 
hials with the DeWe$I, nonaddictive, anti-anxiety medications. 
We do not pay voIunte«s. What sets our program apart is the 
free aftercare we provide. This assures thai regardless of how you 
respand during the trial, you will recieve same kind of free follow-
up core for up 10 four months 
All studies include a free diagnostic evaluation of your physical 
and emotional condition, as well as free medication . All ASSESS-
MENTS ARE CONFIDENTIAl. Please call: 571-1188. 

. 8BIIA VIOaAL MEDICINE RESEARCH 
7'798 Starllna Drive, Sfe. 210 

Saa Dleao, CA 92123 

15 The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, October 24, 1990 

PRE-MED srUI>ENTS: 
ARE YOU READY FOR mE 

KAPI~AN IS!!! 
Join the experts from 

Stanley H. Kaplan for a 
FREE MeAT SEMINAR 

on the NEW MCAT!! 

p 

12:00 p.m. Friday, October 26, 1990 
COVE ROOM, PRICE CENTER 
Sponsored by the Pre-Med Club and 

Stanley H'I Kaplan 

Sign up at the seminar for the Kaplan 
April '91 MCAT Prep and save $$$ 

Call 277-6744 for details 
Ii STANLEY H.KAPLAN £ Take Kaplan Or Take Your Chances 



SPORTS 
16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, October 24,1990 

Women's Soccer 
Starting to Finish 
• Tritons dominate Claremont from beginning to end in 
2-0 victory, and aside from a rash of sudden injuries, 
McManus likes what he sees heading into the playoffs 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD womens' soccer team came a 
step closer to earning an NCAA Regional 
playoffberth with a 2-0 victory at Claremont 
College on Monday. 

The game was much more lopsided than 
the score would indicate. For the second 
consecutive game, the Tritons (13-2-1) 
thoroughly dominated the field from start to 
finish. 

UCSD came out erratically, but quickly 
ettled down after the opening 15 minutes to 

make short work of the Athenas, using a ball 
control and quick passing attack. 

The Tritons broke out on top a little over 
20 minutes into the game when Eva 
Kingsbury was pulled down inside the 
penalty box. Kalyn Shea quickly converted 
the penalty kick for her third goal of the 
season. 

Shea's goal was only part of her contri-
bution for the afternoon as she completely 
dominated the midfield and kept the pressure 
on the Athenas throughout the game. 

lofted a rainbow over the head of the help-
less Claremont goalie. 

From there the defensive unit of Jennifer 
Kingsbury, Amy Wayte, Diana Klintworth, 
and Danielle Placek took over and shut 
down the speedy Claremont offense. 

Sally Weigand also did her part to help 
the defensive cause by heading away a 
Claremont comer kick to save a sure goal 
early in the first half. 

After that it was smooth sailing for the 
Tritons. Real smooth sailing. In fact, they 
didn't allow a shot after the first 20 minutes 
of the game. 

On the down side, as has been the case 
throughout the season, the Tritons failed to 
convert on numerous scoring opportunites, 
including two shots that bounced off each 
goal posts before being knocked away by 
the Athena defense. 

Nevertheless, Head Coach Brian 
McManus was extremely pleased with his 
tearn's effort, and the fact that it finally came 
together and is beginning to play as a unit. 

Greg BeneslGuaIdian 
Freshman Katie Larkin is looking ahead to her first NCAA regional playoff berth. 

UCSD's next goal came 16 minutes later 
as Jodie Robertson fed Cindy Eddy a pass 
almost 20 yards from the goal. Eddy then 

"Everybody played for everybody," he 
said. "The key to winning is playing as a 
team and doing what you're good at." 

See W. SOCCER, Page 10 

Tritons Climb 
Over the Hills 
• Women's volleyball makes quick work of 
CSU Dominguez Hills 15-9, 15-7, 15-5 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

Maybe Cal State Dominguez 
Hills should just stop scheduling 
matches against the UCSD 
women's volleyball team. 

1 mean, what's the point? 
If you don't have any chance of 

winning, why schedule the match? 
It 's not as if CSUDH gets a lot 

of revenue from playing the Tri-
tons, like they would if their foot-
ball team went toe-to-toe with 
Notre Dame. 

But the result is the same both 
ways - Toros beaten to a pulp. 
Dominguez Hills should give up 
while behind. 

And, it's like a bad dream it just 
keeps getting worse and worse for 
the Toros as the second-ranked 
UCSD's women's volleyball team 
improved its overall record to 28-
7 by eviscerating Division II 
CSUDH 15-9,15-7,15-5Tuesclay 
night at Carson. 

The win stretched the Tritons' 
See W. V-BALL, Page 10 

Rimes UzglrIliGuardian 
Karen Grometer and the Tritons have now beaten CSU Dominguez Hills in 12 consecutive matches. 

Men's Soccer Runs Win Streak to Seven 
• Blue and gold machine keeps right on rolling in 1-0 victory over 
Pomona-Pitzer Sagehens; Tritons have one more tune-up game 
By Peter Ko 
Associate Sports Editor 

It's like the Eveready bunny. 
They just keep going and going 
and going ... 

The UCSD men's soccer team 
racked up its seventh consecutive 
win, and II th shutout in 17 games, 
with a 1-0 victory at Pomona-Pitzer 
on Monday. 

The lone Triton goal came when 
Marc Melnik hammered a shot 
into the net from the left side of the 
goal area. 

The goal was set up by a break 
down the left side of the field, and 

a cross into the mouth of the goal. 
The ball was cleared out of the 

immediate goal area, but Melnik 
was there to slam the ball through 
a crowd of defenders and into the 
back of the net. 

The goal was all UCSD (14-2-
I, ranked fifth in the nation, and 
first in the Far West Region) needed 
to wrap up its eighth win in nine 
games. 

"We seemed to be a little smug 
at first, but once we scored, it was 
over," Head Coach Derek Arm-
trong said. 

The rest of the game proved to 

be a defensive battle for the Tri-
tons, as the Sagehens retreated into 
a shell, trying to minimize the po-
tential damage. 

A defensive battle couldn't have 
worked out any better for UCSD. 
An aggressive offense might have 
caused trouble, as the defense, 
though playing well, has had to 
adjust to the loss of forward Mike 
Alberts. 

Mike Lodoen has filled in ca-
pably for Alberts, but Annstrong 
noted that Lodoen is probably not 
the right player for the po ition. 

"Mike ' natural instinct is to go 

forward, and we've been asking 
him to stay back and link the of-
fense and the defense," he said. 

"I'm going to have to make a 
change." 

Armstrong added that he isn't 
sure yet who he'll put in Lodoen's 
place. 

The offense has also struggled 
to achieve consistency throughout 
the season. 

"[Chris] Hanssen hit a bit of a 
funny patch. We need to get him 
back [on track]," Armstrong said. 

As a re ult of Monday' win, 
the playoff picture has cleared up 
considerably. 

According to Arm trong, the 
win over Pomona (ranked fourth 

in the Far West) probably shut the 
door on Qaremont' s chance . 

Claremont (ranked third in the 
Far West) had been hoping that 
the Tritons would slip and open up 
the competition for what is ex-
pected to be two playoff bids for 
the Far West. 

UCSD and Colorado College 
(ranked second in the Far West) 
are more than likely guaranteed 
the two openings. 

Still, Armstrong isn't resting 
on his laurels. 

"Nothing's ever guaranteed. If 
we 10 e to U.S. International 
[Sunday], it' po ible that some-
one could make a ca e with three 
10 se ... . " 


