
INSIDE ... OPINION 
UC News .............................. 2 
Calvin & Hobbes .................. 2 
Opinion ......... .... ....... .. .. .. ....... 4 

Kudos to the 
Chancellor 

Classifieds ............................ 8 
Sports ... .............................. 12 The right RIMAe decision/4 

University of California, 
San Diego 

The UCSD 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 

'Spy vs. Spy' - Muir sophomore Roger Kuo enjoys his newspaper next to a Visual Arts project. 

CEP Approves Change to PINP Deadline 
By Tammy Crawford 
Staff Writer 

AssociatedStudentsPresidentJorul 
Edson's proposal for an extension of 
the pass/no pass grading option de.!d-
line has been approved by the Com-
mittee on Educational Policy (CEP). 

In October, Edson proposed that 
the deadline, currently set at the end of 
the second week, be moved to the 
fourth week in order to give students 
more time to assess their ability in their 
classes. 

Even though the proposal has been 
approved, it must still be put up for 
public comment by the faculty and 
taffofUCSD, who will besentletters 

explaining the proposal and given a 

certain amount of time to corrunent If 
there are any strong objections, the 
proposal may be reconsidered 

1ben, at the beginning of Winter 
Quarter, the proposal will go to the 
Academic Senate's Representative 

Assemblywhere~jectionsmayagain 
be voiced. 

"I need to be there to debate any 
objections," Edson said. 

However, Edson explained that he 
is very optimistic about the approval 
of the proposal because the CEP had 
no objections. 

''They all supported it," Edson said. 
"Having CEP endorse it i half the 
battle." 

Edson also explained that there 

was an outpouring of student support 
for the proposal. 

"We received 2,044 signatures in 
seven days on a petition of the ex-
tended deadline," he said. 

Edson explained that the main 
concern about the pass/no pass grad-
ing option is not the deadline but rather 
the concept of pass/no pass. 

"Two years ago, [college] provosts 
and deans were against the idea of a 
pass/no pass grade." he said 'They 
were worried that tudents wouldn't 
work as hard if they weren't working 
for a grade. 1ben the grading option 
wasaccepted,butthepoli y tatedthat 
students must decide their grading 

See P/NP POLICY, Page 3 

SPORTS 
M. Hoop Heads 
To Redlands 
L..-~~~:......-....J Tournament preview/1 2 

WEDNESDAY 
November 28, 1990 
Vol. 71 . No. 26 

Committee Votes to 
Permanently Ban 
Alcohol at Beaches 
By Jennifer Meadows 
Staff Writer 

After reviewing the effects of the 
temporary alcohol ban imposed on La 
Jolla Shores and North Park Commu-
nity Park last June, the San Diego City 
Council's Committee on Public Fa-
cilities and Recreation (PF&R) has 
voted not only to make the ban perma-
nent, but also to extend it to include all 
San Diego beaches and horelineparks. 

The committee, which consists of 
five of the nine San Diego City Coun-
cil members, voted unanimously to 
recommend the approval of the alco-
hol ban. The matter will be considered 
by the full council in mid-January. 

'The committee voted to make 
those bans pennanent, and also to ex-
tend the bans to include all the beaches 
and shoreline parks from the Mission 
Beach Jetty oorth to the Del Mar city 
limits," said PF&R Committee Con-
sultant Gwen Davis. 

Davis also said that the issue of 
even further expansion of the bans to 
include Mission Bay Park and some 
streets thatareconsidered public rights-
of-way in Mi ion Beach and Pacific 
Beach, mainly along Mission Boule-
vard, will be sent back to committee for 
additional discussion in mid-January. 

Lisa Gonzalez of Councilwoman 
Abbe Wolfsheimer's office said that 
Wolf heimer would continue to surr 
port the ban, and would also push for 
further expan:.ion to the areas under 
consideration. Wolf: heirnerrepresents 
di trict one of San Diego, which in-
clud La Jolla and University City. 

Gonzalez also said that police re-
ports and citizen feedback howed 
thatthe trial ban at La Jolla Shores and 
North Park had been "very effective." 

"We received lotsofletters saying 
that now families can go back to the 
beach," Gonzalez explained. 

According to Francisco Estrada, 
theexecutiveas i tanttoCouncilman 
and PF&R Committee Chair Bob 
Filner, "Most of the mail and phone 
calls that we received were in upport 
of the ban, contrary to the ituation 
when the ban was initially propo ed 
last year, and most of the correspon-
dence and testimony we got was 
against the alcohol ban." 

Estrada said that a report prepared 
on the trial ban indicated that calls for 
police service, instances of vandal-
i m, and the transient population have 
all dropped at the North Park Com-
munity Park, and the number of chil-
dren using the park has increased. 

Estrada added that the number of 
complaints to po]jceat LaJoila Shore 
and the amount of trash on the beach 
have also decreased. 

Paul Downey, press ecretary for 
San Diego MayorMaureenO' Connor, 
said that O'Connor continues to op-
pose the ban. 

"Her feeling i that there are al-
ready laws on the books that make it 
illegal to do the thing people are 
complaining about. What we need to 
do i work out a way to better enforce 
tho e existing law ," Downey said. 

ccording to Downey, the mayor 
See BEACH, Page 3 

Tougher Parking Ticket Regulations Will Not Be Enforced at UCSD 
• San Diego Police can now ticket cars three times a day, 
but UCSD parking officials say they're 'not out for blood' 
By Eric Schmidt 
Staff Writer 

Parking illegally in San Diego can 
now cost up to $96 per day, according 
to revised San Diegotraffic laws which 
took effect Nov. 26, but a campus 
parking official said that the change 
will not affect parking at UCSD which 
took effect Nov. 26. 

1be new regulations allow park-
ing officers to ticket illegally parked 
cars up to three times per day for the 
same offense. 

Previously,acar ittinginaone-or 
two-hour time limit zone could only 
be ticketed once for a $14 fine. Now, 
traffic officers can ticket that car three 
times, increasing the fme to $42. 

More expensive violation, uch 
as parking in a metered zone without 
payingor t ppinginaredzone,could 

lbackth violat rupto$96perday, 
trebled m th usual $32 per ticket. 

According to Howard Finnecy, 
assistantmanagerofUCSD's Depart-
ment of Parking and Transportation 
Services, the new city regulations are 
not being enforced on campus at this 
time. 

Finnecy cited the harshness of the 
regulations as the reason they will not 
be used on the UCSD campu . 

"The only way to get an additional 
ticket j if someone comes along and 
takes the citation from [the] car," 
Finnecy said "We don't repeatedly 
cite a car in one pace." 

Finnecy also said he does not forsee 
any po ibility of additional ticketing 
in the future. "We have no plan to 
change anything here along that line," 
he aid 

A cording to Finnecy, U Dtr'.ll-
fic patrols are not intended to take 
m ney from tudents' wallet. 

"We're not utfi rblood," Finnecy 

said 
According to Janet Reyman of the 

San Diego Police Department, there is 
a minimum one hour delay between 
tickets in a limited time or metered 
zone. 

Traffic police are supposed to wait 
two hours for expensive violations, 
such as parking in a red zone. 

Reyman added that traffic police 
have been warning offenders since 
October about the new harsher policy. 
1be regulations, he said, were not 
designed to hurt motorists. 

''TIle whole purpose was to tum 
over traffic. [Previou ly] if someone 
got a ticket in the moming, they could 
stay there all day and not be cited 
again," he said. 

' 'The intent was that vehi Ie need 
to leave 'pac . We need the maxi-
mum number of pa for as many 
people as PO ' ittl ," Reyman added. Parking violations will still cost at UCSD, but they won 't be tripled. 



2 NEWS 

N uc EWS 
FROM OTHER CAMPUSES 

Berkeley Activists Protest Tien's 
Acceptance of Arizona Bowl Bid 

BERKELEY - Demonstrators at UC Berkeley on 
ov. 20 condemned Chancellor Chang-Lin Tien 's deci-

sion to support the UC Berkeley football team' accep-
tance ora tentative bid to Arizona's Copper Bowl. 

Marching from Tien' s office to Sproul Plaza, the 1,'fOUp 
of pro1estors grew from 15 to 50, and included UC 
Berkeley rudentS, representatives from the NAACP, and 
members of the Black Men United for Change (BMUC). 

The protestors focused on Tien' support of the deci-
sion to accept the Copper Bowl bid and what they charge 
is the use of African-American team members to justify 
the decision. 

The protest was sparked by a recent vote in Arizona on 
whether the state should celebrate Martin Luther King 
Day. The holiday referendum was defeated. 

Despite student protests and condemnations by the 
NAACP and members ofthe faculty, a university spokes-
person said on Nov. 20 that the chancellor stands fiml on 
his decision to accept the bowl bid. 

'''The concerns that people have raised are important 
concerns that need to be addressed, but the decision has 
been made and that will not change," said campus spokes-
man Ray Colvig. 

He added that the university iscollsideringsuggestions 
to commemorate King on the day of the bowl. 

Shyaam Shabaka, secretary for BMUC, claims that 
Tien's decision presents a moral and political issue not 
only about Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., but also about aU 
African-American struggles. 

'The decision was insensitive to the needs of the black 
community .It was wrong for the chancellorlo put football 
above moral issues," Shabaka said. 

Thordie Ashley, a regional West Coast director for the 
AACP, said that the organization would attempt to 

influence the chancellor's final decision on Nov. 24, in 
hopes that he would reject the bowl bid. She said the 
chancellor indicated he was confident in his decision. 

Calvin and Hobbes 
\.\t'i OM), I'LL 

G~S AA'i 
tl.IlIo\BER ~O\)~t. 

1\\ltI.~\~ Of! 
~ ~I\~\) , PI(~ 
A tl.UI'ISER ! l _ 

A LOT OF 1'E000lE. ~T 
\\I>.'<t PR\tK \I'\..E'S. Sill I 00 .' 
nit A I1lGl-Ili ~I\oI( \!'LEI) 
P£RSDN.! 

\ 

1 LNE. t\(CClROIN.G 1Q ~E 
PRIIKIPlE.. N-\\) 
1 ~£.'JE.R 

~"IPo,TE 
~Cl\l\ II 

The UCSD Guardian 

" I fhe does not reject the bid on Friday, theNAACP will ask 
for his resignation," A hley said. 
Gardner Outlines UC System Future, 
Laments Loss of Prop. 143 Funding 

BERKELEY -UC President David Gardneroutlined the 
univel ity ' goals for the coming yearduringthe first system-
wide Academic Senate meeting of the semester. 

Speaking Nov. 20 to about 40 representati ves from the nine 
campuses gathered in UC Berkeley's Faculty Club, Gardner 
aid that the University of Califomia's operating budget will 

increase eight or nine percent, even though the tate' overall 
budget is projected to increa e by 12 percent. 

Gardner al 0 stated that overaU enrollment at the nine 
campuses will increase to a total of about 65,000 by the year 
2005. 

UCBerkeley, the only campus without enrollment growth 
plans, is expected to drop it total number of students by 1,500 
over the next 15 years. 

In order to accommodate the influx of students, Gardner 
said the university will either have to build a new campus or 
expand its available facilities. 

Gardnerexpresseddismay over the rejection of Propos tit ion 
143. which would have provided $ 132million for the UC,and 
over the legislature 's inability to meet the financial needs of 
theUC. 

This, he said, has placed in jeopardy the University 'S 
ability to pay for long-tenn projects. One of these is a new 
campus to be located in the Central Valley. 

"Eighty-five percent of this state's budget is protected 
either by constitution or statute and we're not in that 85 
percent. Mo t of the members of the state legislature know 
that's untenable," Gardner said. 

Gardner also expressed concern over the quality of under-
graduate education, pointing a critical finger at lower -division 
courses. 

Rising Costs Threaten Grad Student 
Health Insurance Program at UCR 

RIVERSIDE - UC Riverside's first-ever mandatory 
graduate student health insurance program may soon be 
canceled if administrative problems force a referendum to 
increase the fee for the program. • 

High costs for the implementation of tlte program could 
lead campus officials to propose a $20-$30 increase, which, 
when coupled with an expected jump in the premium, could 
require student approval through a referendum. 

Under a referendum passed last year to approve the insur-
ance program, a student vote is required on any increase of 

by Bill Watterson 

~IT ,., ""INUit! 
~o\)'RE J.J5\ 
TR'II~G \0 G8" 
PJD 91' \l\t. , 
,.,Rrn, 'iOJ!,' 

tIQM, '(C)J KNoW 
Tilt SN-\\)'IIIC!4 

~().) PK~£\) AA 
1oI£. \~ 'I? WI:ll. . 
6~ l WeI< 11 1'1.£ , 
1\\£ J£U,i ""D 

~ 1~lo1\\~ 
~\)" -nI~\ 
G~ M£. 0\)1. 

9;) 'OMClIl.\I!)'M , 1'1) lIKE -ruE 
J£I.L'i NT IN Po, st:P~AA\E 
CoN.Tt>.I~£R. "'11\\ ,., KNI~ , 
9:) I CN\ S~'d>.'il M JUl..~ 
,.,1 \"~ LA'5'\ \'Q',<;1&\l ~~T 
BH~ 1 m \1.\£ ~\)'fIIC\t 

~ / 
~ .. ,~ 

Wednesday, November 28, 1990 

over 20 percent in the cost of the insurance. 
Some graduate student leaders say a referendum on the 

issue is likely to end in rejection of the insurance program, 
making UCR the only campus in the UC system wi thout 
such a plan. 
UCSB Professionals, Students Talk 
About Benefits of Legalizing Drugs 

SANTA BARBARA - Students gathered in Storke 
Plaza at UC Santa Barbara Nov. 7 to listen to arguments 
in favor ofthe legalization of marijuana. 

Five speakers, including a doctor, a lawyer, and two 
UCSB students tried to convince the laughing, cheering, 
and sometimes pot-smoking crowd of more than 300 that 
there are sound medical, political, 3Tld economic reasons 
why drugs should be legal in the United States. 

A main theme was that the U.S. government's cam-
paign to eradicate drugs is fraudulent, and that marijuana 
plants could make a good alternative energy source if"big 
business" was not standing in the way. 

David Bearman, founder of the Isla Vista Open Door 
Clinic and the first professor to teach a course on drugs at 
UCSB, opened the rally with a medical argument fort he 
legalization of marijuana. 

"Marl juana has some side effects. It's not hannless ... 
but I would have to say it is less hannfulthan many legal 
recreational drugs.. . . It is much safer than alcohol or 
barbiturates," Bearman said. 

Gerald Horne, Black Studies chair, urged students to 
research more about the U.S. government's "War on 
Drugs" anti-drugcampaign. According to Home, the U.s. 
government is actually involved in the sale of drugs, thus 
making its war unfounded. 

"One would think that if this administration in Wash-
ington, D.C. was honestly concerned about a drug war, 
they would begin by prosecuting themselves," Home 
said. 

Deviating from the theme of drug legalization, UCSB 
students Shari Menard and Chris Peterson discussed the 
use of hemp plant as an environmentally sound altemati ve 
fuel source. Citing the fact that the U.S. Constitution was 
printed on paper made from hemp, Menard and Peterson 
imagined a hemp-based economy, using hemp in the 
petroleum, textile, paper, and food industries. The ob-
stacle, according to Menard and Peterson, is big business. 

"Because this country's elite [doesn't] want to sacri-
fice profits for a healthier planet," they don't pursue the 
development of alternative, safer forms of fuel, Menard 
said. 

GUAKI>IAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, u.n.glng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, AssocIste Sports Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Sports Editor 
JAMESCOLLlER,DNVnEdltor 
GREG DIXON, AMIoclllts Opinion Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMILTON, Associate News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, Associate News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, AnocIate Arts Editor 
CHRISllNA HUIZAR, Associate Arts Editor 
PETER KO, Auoc/ate Sports Editor 
JENNFER KOLSKY, PIloto Editor 
KENT KORZON, Associate Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, At1sIEntertalnment Editor 
MEL MARCELO, Assoc/ats Graphics Editor 
SANGEET A MEHTA, AssocIate Features Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, Associate Photo Editor 
JULIE PUZON, Features Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Gnlphlcs Editor 
JASON SNELL, News Editor 
RIMAS UZGlRIS, Photo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, Associate Features Editor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, AttslEntertslnment Editor 

BOB DeANDREA, BUSiness Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
-........-Sho<Iy F"udo!i>Itgof. Tem _ . Doug ~ 
AdwortoInG _ llama SoIongIo. Danool c." . Paolo v_ 

~ IlalIIi CaM. Joo Lao. WCI Lr> 

Wednesday, November 28, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

UCSA Searches for Students to Sit on 
California Higher Education Committee 
By Rachel Blackburn 
Staff Writer 

Earlier this year, the California 
Legislature passed a bill which es-
tablished two new student positions 
on the California Postsecondary 
Education Commission (CPEC). 

1be CPEC is the main advisory 
body to the state legislature and the 
governor on higher education is-
sues, and consists of representatives 
from all segments of California 
higher education, the State Board of 
Education, and the general public. 

According to Jeremy Pasternak, 
UCSD's representative to the Uni-
ve_rsity of California Student Ass0-
ciation (UCSA), the appoinb1lentof 
students to the commission is com-
parable to the appointment of a stu-
dent to the UC Board of Regents, 
and will provide an "incredible op-
portunity" to students. 

"nlis is a huge step forward, 
particularly because these individu-
als are going to have a voice- they 
are not going to be drowned out," he 
said. 

''1be bill gives students much 
more of an influence over decisions 
that affect them. Before, it was not 
always easy for [the CPEe] to know 
what's in a student's best interest In 
the future it will be easy to tum to the 
students on the board and ask them 
what the students think," he said. 

Previously, the CPEC has had to 
rely on surveys to try to find out 
what students at each of the nine UC 
campuses want. Now, students will 
have a "unified voice" through their 
representatives on the commission, 
Pasternak said. 

Elaine Yamaguchi, the UCSA 
university affairs advocate, agreed 
with Pasternak that the students will 
be influential on the commission. 

"We will have a direct voice and 
vote with two voting vocal students 
on a commission of fifteen," she 
said. 

The nominations for the two p0-
sitions will come from each of the 
five segments of higher education 
in California: the UC, California 
State Universities, community col-
leges, private universities, and tech-
nical and trade schools. 

Students from these segments 
will have the opportunity to nomi-
nate up to five students for the posi-
tions. By February, two of those 
five will be appointed by Governor 
Pete Wilson to serve staggered two-
yeartenns. 

According to Pastemak, students 
from the public sector - the ues, 
theCalifomiaState Universities, and 
thecommunitycolJeges-arethose 
"most affected" by CPEC decisions. 

"Given the more serious interest 
and the fact that UCSA sponsored 

the bill I hope we can get one of our 
people onto CPEC," he said. 

Applications will be accepted 
until Dec. 14 for any UC student 
who wishes to apply for a position 
on the commission. Application 
forms, which require candidates to 
respond to three essay questions 
and provide three references, are 
available from the Associated Stu-
dents office on the third floor ofthe 
Price Center. 

"1be Executive Committee of 
the UCSA will serve as a prelimi-
nary screening committee for the 
applications at its December meet-
ing," UCSA President Susan Polan 
said. "[The committee] will nomi-
nate five students to the full board, 
from which the board will nominate 
two students for the governor's con-
sideration. " 

However, it is not definite that 
exactly two students will be nomi-
nated by the UCSA. 

"It is already detennined that the 
nwnber will be [between two and 
four]," Pasternak said. "It will cer-
tainly be less than five." 

"We don't want to inundate [the 
Governor). We want to keep the 
choice narrow," he said. 

The UCSA's nominations will 
be detennined at its January board 
meeting, which takes placeat UCSD 
from Ian. 4.6,1991. 

public spoce for UCSD students. BEACH Fremont contends that the ban 
Continued from page 1" was extended to the rest of San 
does rot believe that the majority Diego without a public discussion 
of law-abiding citizens should be ofissuc:sinvolvingareasotherthan 
penalized because a minority can- La Jolla and North Parlt. 

P/NP POLICY 

not use alcohol responsibly. AcooIding to Fremont, a simi-
''There's a question, from her Jar proposal last year met with 

perspective, of whether you want enough heatedopposition to cause 
thepolicedepwtmentfocusingon the issue to be set aside. 
otherwise law-abiding citizens "I don't believe for a minute 
who might be having a glass of that public sentimenthas changed 
wine" Downey said. in a year, but infonnationjust has 

HeaJsoagreed withO'Comor not been disseminated to the pu~ 
that police should direct their ef- lie,» Fremont said. 
forts toward the groups that are He added that while hebelieves 
creating the problems. . the La Jolla Shores ban may be 

Daved Fremont, preo;ident of inevitable, a large turnout at the 
UCSD's Graduate Student Asso- mid-JanWll)' cowx:il meetings by 
ciation. spoke in opposition to the citizens opposed to a blanket city-
ban before the connnittee at a wide ban ofak:ohol on the beaches 
recent meeting to express his could sway some members to vote 
con:erns about a possible loss of against it 

Continued from page 1 
option before they signed up for the class." 

Edsonexplainedthatsincethen, UCSD's 
Registration Office has changed the policy 
without smding it through the CEP. 

According to Edson, the office thought 
that because classes could be added and 
dropped through the second week of the 
quarter, the grading option would have the 
same deadline as addIdrop. 

Other UC campuses already have a later 
deadline for their grading option, he ex-
plained. 

"We are being more than reasonable 
with our request of a founh week deadline 
compared to other campuses whose dead-
lines are either sixth or seventh week," 
&&:lnsaid. 

H acx:eped by the Itplesentative assem-
bIy, the ptt.JpOOil. should go into effect by 
WU1ler or Spring Quarter, 1991. 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Pregnanq Tesan, 
(Immeditzte Results) 

ePregnancy Termination 
eGeneral or Local Anesthesia 
eLow Cost Early ~ncy 
Test (lODaysAjterConception) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
eStudent Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

Q;r.t 
~Qchoicl' 

... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

NEWS 3 

GET SMART! 
The LSAT is Changing 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 
We Score More! 

Test scores may count as much as 50% 
in the admissions decision 

Are You Prepared? 
Prepare for the LSAT before it gets harder! 

( 619)695-9952 
Classes start Jan. 5 for GRE Be LSAT 

Feb. 9 for GMAT 

SOMETHING FUN IS BREWING IN LA JOlLA! 

~ 
-(\ 
.. 

o~ 
.,.. 

.,. 
y .... 

~II b •• t 
WEDNESDAY NIGHTS ARE NOW 

UCSD-NIGHT 
.\.&nh 
• Dii.er 
• 0ysIIr Bar 
• Happy Hour 3-6 
• 21/w student I) ~...... U..--::;; ....... 
Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-12 pm. Fri.-Sat. 11 am-2 am 

p. COMPUTERS······. =~,""'t. L A J 0 L L A ~= 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• INCLUDES; ===-= = • 
• ·2 DRIVE! = == =-_-; • 
• • 640 MEMORY .u_=~= $645 • PRINTER COMPAllBLE 
• ·1-YA. WARRTY ConfJIeteS"-" • 
• • SOFTWARE 7-" • 

• AllytJailll • 
• yo" need CALL 454-5544 • 
= Senru:e " Repair CMnIiIIet u_ = 
• 1110 Torrey Pines Road, Suite A • lIE m • 
• La Jolla, CA 92037 RnIllCin9 , lIaing "Vlilabll • 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN. Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN. Managing Ed,tor 
JASON SNELL, News Editor 
BE BOYCHUK, Opinion Editor 
T~ UCSD Gl4OrtllO" IS published Ihltt bme~ I w«k at the Umvtrslty of C;s,h(omI3, San Du~go. 
ContCllt!> el990. Views expressed ~In rept'eStnl the majority vottoftheeduorul board, and are nO( 

"'Ql1ly those o( the UC Bo.lrd of RegentS. the ASUCSD. IlOt'" me. enllre Guordian $tafT. 

THE RIMAC DECISION 

Kudos For Atkinson 
For what seems to be the first time in recent memory, 

Chancellor Atkinson actually supported a major student con-
cern. Last Monday, Atkinson rejected proposed changes to the 
planned Recreational Intramural and Athletic Cenler(RIMAC) 
submitted by the Academic Senate, and approved the facility 
plan as is. All that's left now is a thumbs-up from the regents , 
and the heavy equipment could be rolling in within a year. 

With Atkinson's endorsement of RIMAC comes a collec-
tive sigh of relief from administrators and students. Atkinson 
was clearly aware that altering the RIMAC plan could have 
compromised the student referendum approved last Winter 
Quarter. Such a compromise could have led to the nullification 
of the referendum and required a re-vote. Rather than gamble 
with the fate of RlMAC by pUlling it in the hands of the fickle 
student body for a second time, Atkinson did the right thing. 

Additionally, Atkinson's stamp of approval will help allay 
many of the doubts and fears of RIMAC critics. Atkinson 
gracefully chastised the faculty . calling the Academic Senate's 
concerns "overly pe simistic." 

With this decision, Atkinson has fonnally acknowledged 
many students' feelings, while pointing out that current athletic 
and recreational facilities at UCSD are dreadfully inadequate. 

In his memo, Atkinson said, '"Our present facilities are 
totally inadequate even for present needs, let alone those of a 
future student population projected to be 26,000 by the year 
2005." 

The chancellor's approval was es ential\y the final, major 
obstacle to be overcome on the road to RIMAe. His foresight 
and good judgement are well worth applause. 

ISIS 

Fee Process Made Easier 
Students will be happy to know that the snake-like payment 

lines traditionally seen at the beginning of each quarter will 
soon be a thing of the pasl. The Integrated Student Information 
System, or ISIS as it is better known, will be the snake-killer 
as it were. ISIS is a new campus-wide computer system which, 
once it is fuJly operational, will bring all student financial and 
academic information into one system. UCSD Bursar Howard 
Fisher is telling the truth when he says there is no other 
university with beller service. ISIS will not only end the fee-
payment nightmare, but will eventually make registration for 
classes even easier. 

Quite simply, ISIS is yet another convenient way to make 
students' lives easiel. According to the bursar, all billings will 
be centralized. Hou ing payments will be able to be made at 
the Central Cashiers Office along with registration fees. Fi-
nancial aid recipient will no longer be burdened with going 
from office-to-office and line-to-line, trying to pick up their 
check. With the new system, registration fees will be auto-
matically offset against financial aid. 

ISIS will eventually be integrated with the T-REG system. 
The centralized informal ion system, in addition to a proposed 
increase in telephones, could make the registration process 
much faster and reduce the possibility - however remote-
ofa student'S records being "lost in the huffle." 

ISIS basically amounts to what Fisher calls a "one-stop 
shop." Of course, because payment will be completely com-
puterized, students will have to be extra-careful to pay their 
fees on time. 

As repugnant the thought of paying fees may be, at least the 
administration has made things a bit easier. While other UC 
campuses are still toying with the idea of telephone registra-
tion and computer-assisted tudent infonnation systems, UCSD 
seems to be well ahead of the pack. 

With a projected student population of26,050 by the year 
2005, these new systems are an absolute must for effective 
op!ralion. 

After all, if you have a bureaucracy, you might as well make 
it the finest. 

The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, November 28, 1990 

BENSON 

Founding Fathers Know Best 
• America was built on the right to keep and bear arms 

" ... The right of the people to keep and bear 
arms, shall not be infringed," 

Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution 
"I do not believe in people owning guns, only 

police and military. I am going to do everything I 
can to disarm this state." 

Michael Dukakis, June 16, 1986 

When citing theimpor-
tanceoffreedomofspeech, 
religion and the press, 
people often point to the 
fact that these ri ghts were 
placed first among the 
other rights. If placement 
of rights in the Constitution 
is a signal of their impor-
tance, then the right guar-
anteed by the Second 
Amendment must be of 
great worth. The founders 
were ingenious men who 
carefully thought out the 
numerical placement in 
relationship to importance, 
of our freedoms. It is thus not surprising that the right 
to keep and bear arms was placed second among all our 
rights. To gain a better understanding of the right to 
bear.arms. let us look at the events and thoughts of the 
founders which lead to the Second Amendment. 

Shortly before the outbreak of the WarofIndepen-
dence, Ihe Brirish General Gage attempted to register 
and confiscate a\1 of the colonial firearms. This was 
one of the pri mary grievances stated by Samuel Adams 
and unfortunately has been overlooked by many histo-
rians as one of the primary causes of the War of 
lndependence. . 

During the framing oftheConstitution ,the founders 
recalled the many attempts by the British to confiscate 
American tireanns and encroach on the freedom of the 
people. At the Constitutional convention James Madi-
son remarked that "one of the main diffesences be-
tween a free American republic and the despotic 
monarchies of Europe was armed citizemy." The 
founding fathers knew the only way tho people could 
have true power over their goverrunent and thus be 
able to prevent totalitarian exploitation by it. was 
through armed revolt. 1bomasIefferson even went as 
far as to say "a little revolution every now and then is 
a good thing. I' The founders knew they were about to 
set in motion a fonn of government that had never 
existed before. To have power in the hands of the 
people instead of a monarch was a unique, fragile. and 
easily changed scenario. 

The founders knew if power was to be taken away 
from the people it would occur in small steps so as to 

prevent the sudden backlash of the populace. The first 
stage would be the removal of arms from the citiuns. 
At the drafting Patrick Heory wrote. "Guard with 
jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone 
who approaches that jewel Unfortuoately nothing 
will preserve it but dowo right force. Whenever you 
give up tbal force you are inevitably ruined." 

One could Only imagine the outrage . of PaItIck 
Henry upon reading the quote at the beginning of this 
article by presidential candidate Michael Dukakis. 

To be fuUy coovinced that the right to bear anns 
was intended for all people (with the exception of 
convicted criminals), not just some collective state 
army, a deeper look into the Constitution may be in 
order. 

The phrase "The peop\e" is used not only in the 
Second Amendment, but also in the first, fourth,ninth 
and tenth. To say that the rights listed in these amend-
ments are assigned to someone other than individual 
citizens, such as the right of the "people"to bear anns 
referring to a state military makes absolutely no 
sense. 

To believe that the tenn "militia" implies a state-
run military organization is to ignore all historical 
facts. The whole idea of a militia is that free men of a 
community. anned with their personal firearms, be 
able to defend that cl.>mmunity. Time and time again, 
whether it be in their documents or speeches, the 
founders referred to a citizen-run militia. and not that 
of the government. 

I find it ironic that people speak of a vague, 
unwritten, and implied right to privacy that is guar-
anteed by the Constitution, as supreme to a\1 other 
govemment interests. Yet a right so explicitly stated 
as the right to bear arms can be diluted anddisregarded. 
The Second Amendment should be treated like all 
other amendments. Could one imagine if the situation 
were reversed and all the other amendments were 
treated like the Second Amendment. We would have 
to get a permit to run a newspaper and only certain 
kindsof newspapers could be circulated. If we wanted 
to open a chwch we would have to get government 
approval and an operating permit. As one can see. it 
is setting a dangerous precedent to go beYQnd the 
original meaniog of the Constitution. 

In I1'U1h 1 do realize why there is such a strong 
movement to outlaw the private ownership of guns. 
America has an alanningly high homicide rate and it 
is believed thai removal of guns from me private 
sector will lower it. Ironically, nothing could be 
further from the truth. 

To fully understand gun related deaths we must 
look at the nature of these deaths, why they continue, 
and the effectiveness of gun control in preventing 
homicides. 

See GUNS, PaRe 6 

Wednesday, November 28, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Homophobia Is the Real Problem 
Editor: 

I was angered and saddened at 
the Guardian's printing of Zachary 
Berman 's article ("People Infected 
With AI.D.S. Need to be Identi-
fied," Nov. 16). Ten years into an 
epidemic, we don ' I need to hear yet 
another grossly misinformed 
"opinion" about a condition Ihat 
seriously jeopardizes all of us. 

Homophobia, which Mr. Bennan 
declares is something we're afraid 
of developing - as if it isn't deeply 
rooted in all of us - is the main 
reason for the government's inac-
tion from day one of this epidemic 
to today with one AI.D.S. death 
every 12 minutes and still no Na-
tional AI.D.S. Education program. 
In one day the Pentagon spends 
more money than the total spent for 
A.I.D.S. research and education 
since 1982. 

By 1991 , more Americans will 
die from A.I.D.S. each year than 
were killed in the entire Vietnam 
War. Mr. Bennan is unable to get up 
the nerve to use the word gay in the 
first paragraph, chOOSing instead to 
politely call us a "unique group." 
When he finally mentions IV drug 
users and prostitutes, he tells us how 
they "kill innocent victims." 

This idea resurrects a medieval 
belief in some sort of divine punish-
ment, and begs the question of h0w 
Mr. Bennan is able to tell the gUilty 
from the innocent. Nowhere is the 
African-American and Latino com-
munity mentioned. Fifty-five per-
cent of AI.D.S. cases are African-
American and Latino. 

What is passed off for as facts in 
the article are twisted misconcep-
tions and lies: 

1) "AI.D.S. is a disease." 
A.I.D.S. is a syndrome. Acq Hired 

Immune Deficiency Syndrome. 
Diseases can be communicable, 
syndromes cannot. What constitutes 
A.I.D.S. IS an immune deficiency 
produced by the Human Immunod-
eficiency Virus (HIV). It is the HIV 
virus which is communicable. One 

Las Vel_ $ 5. 
San Frandsco $ 5. 
H.-York $31. 
London $449 
Frankfurt $469 
Tokyo $559 

Fares lire roundtrip. Restrictions do 
apply. 

···'ul.,IJNlJI .. ••• 
"11M,.e.1ot 9. 
larI.i~~. C.II Io,IIClfIJll.S.1 

ea.liCI 
UCSD Price Center 

(by the Post OffICe) 
451-0630 

is infected with the illV virus and it is nOI telling you the truth," said 1972. There is a six-month wailing 
can take many years to develop Professor William Haseltine. list for people who want help, as 
AI.D.S. A.I.D.S. is not contracted by sa- well as a desperate lack of educa-

2) "A unique group in our soci- Iiva. There have been extensive tests. tion, housing, and hospital beds. 
ety is blindly adamant aboul pre- You cannot get AI.D.S. Ihrough The lillie money there is should be 'Freshperson ' 
serving a positive view of their way casual contact. AI.D.S. is transmit- spent on programs proven to work Should Be Used of life, or 'lifestyle' as it is called. ted through blood, semen, and vagi- like clean needle exchanges in 
Due to exten ive lobbying and wa- nal ecretions. This means we have communities with drug problems. Editor: 
tering down of infonnation Ameri- to be careful about open wounds, 7) "Those who are found to be With regards to the piece..in the 
can Society is paying the cost." sores in our mouths, and bleeding carriers should receive a talloo on November 14, 1990 issue of the 

This unique group referred to gums. their bUllOCks," quoted from Wil- Guardialland the listingofstati licsof 
should be Jesse Helm and the radi- 4) "AI.D.S. is transmitted to the Iiam Buckley. the newcomers to UCSD, frankly we 
cal right. In 1988 a Helms amend- fetus from the mother, and if one Obviously Zachary Bennan and are di appointed in the Guardian 
ment was passed on a bill allocating partner has it the other is sure to get William Buckley are only concerned editors' use of the term "freshman" in 
money for AI.D.S. research and it. n with stopping gay men from having describing first-year students. 
education. The purpose of the Only one out offour babies born sex. We should SlOp skirting around The Guardian, which has a large 
amendment was to prohibit the use to mothers HIV positive continues the issues and educate one another audience and plays an imJX>rtanllead-
of any funds from being used to to test positive after birth. to feel good about the diversity of ership role, does not parlicipale in 
provide AI.D.S. education, infor- 5) "A second preventative mea- sexual pleasures that are available making the term "freshperson" an ev-
mation, or prevenlion material, and sure would be to require all health and safe. eryday, accepted word. 
activities that promote, encourage, insurance applications and renew- Here is some basic information: We are frustrated because as Muir 
or condone homosexual activities als to include and Ar.D.S. test." Use a latex condom with lots of student leaders, we use non-sexist lan-
or the intravenous u e of illegal Every major insurance company water-based lube. Use lubes con- guage in order to "encourage humane 
drugs. routinel y denies benefits to people taining a spenn killing chemical interaction and respect for others. re-

With "extensive lobbying" the at risk for AI.D.S. This leaves only called Nonoxynol 9 to kill HlV in gardless of gender. .. " (John Muir 
gay community has been pushing taxpayer funded Medicaid, which case the condom breaks. Never use College's Affinnation of Diversity). 
for A.I.D.S. education programs and will not pay for experimental the lube instead of a condom. Although "freshperson" is a new 
faster release of life-saving treat- the.rapy. As it already stands, the Natural membrane condoms, I ike and difficult word to become accus-
ment drugs. Not only have we been rich can afford treatment, the poor Forex, won't protect you. They have tomed to, especially in everyday 1311-
desperately trying to bring attention die faster. The U.S. is the only tiny microscopic holes in them that guage, it is a word that does not dis-
to the crisis and working on re- modem country without a national- HIV can pass through. Crisco, hand criminate and is being promoted by 
vamping a health care system that ized health care system. lotions, baby oil, or Vaseline can UCSD. 
has all but collapsed, but we have 6) Contact tracing "is already cause latex condoms to break in We realize that it will take time for 
been forced to become our own safe done with syphilis (in addition to minutes. Stick to water-based lubes individuals to commit to saying 
sex experts successfully slowing other highly contagious diseases) like KY and For Play. Don't make "freshperson" rather than "freshman" 
rates of transmission inourcommu- and has proven effective." out just after eating, brushing, or (as it did for calling a "policeman" a 
nity. Syphilis is not a highly conta- flossing - your gums may be "police officer"), but the more it is 

In 1982, 21 percent of the unex- gious disease. It is a sexually trans- bleeding a little. Always use a latex encouraged the more it will be used. 
posed gay men population in San mitted disease. Contact tracing is barrier during oral sex whether it is It is out of respect for UCSD stu-
Francisco had developed antibod- extremely expensive and has been with a male or a female. dents that we would like to encourage 
ies to HIV, indicating exposure in proven ineffective. In 1987 the larg- Your biggest sex organ is be- the use of the term "freshperson", 
the previous three months. But in est single year increase in cases of tween your ears, not your legs. Use especially in a major school publica-
1983,aftersafesexprogramsdevel- primary and secondary syphilis in your imagination. tion. 
oped in the community, the figure more than a quarter of a century was The misinfonnation printed in Muir College Council 
plummeted to two percent. In 1986, reported with increases dominating Bennan's article is not merely about 
it was.8percenl. We have also been among heterosexual men and having an opinion. The facts are Editor's Note : The Guardian 

doing extensive outreach in com- women. The cost of contact tracing wrong. adopted a flon·sexist language 
munities who are being hit the hard- for one person is estimated to be With a willingness for a bit of policy ill the fall of 1988 which 
est by doing things like trar, lating between $5,000 and $7,000. With analysis, Zachary Berman might included tire use o/tlte term "fresh-
information into Spanish and hand- about 400,000 people infected in havecaught his mistakes and learned person," but a primarily new edi-
ing pamphlets and condoms out to N.Y.C. alone, it would cost $2.8 something, but hatred does not in- torial staff reversed the policy in tlte 
teenagers. billion. spire one to analyze or educate. As fall of 1989, citing loopholes and a 

3) "Anyone who tells you The city hasn't even opened one a result, we are all put in d:lllger. gelleral obliteratioll of the English 
AI.D.S. is not contrdcted by saliva new drug treatment program since Bonita Makuch language. 

~--- --------- - - - - "'------I r--------------------, 
+'+: Save $1 00 on ~ Cat Copy 

, " 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

M -F R 30 6 P n1 h. p 12 2(' 90 
Sat 1·4 p .rn ,\"th UCSD 10 

YEARS 
A HEAD 

HAIRCUTS 
by--
Wo_. $17 (reg . $25) 
IIhIII ~(reg.$J9) 
UCSD SPRIALS 
,- cl Halmu $10 
or Hi,"'i,,,, & Hllirau 

For appoinrmenl, please c.Jl4.57.1JJO. 
8950 Villa LII Jou. Dr., St.. 2120 

western Bcxal Chec93bJJge® Canbo 
Present this coupon and save $1.00 when you pwchase 
a Western Bacon Cheeseburge ,regular 
french fries, and a regular drink. 
01181 valkI through December 24. 1990 at the loUowing 
Call's Jr.· Restaurants: 4199 Governor Dr. , 
2903 Bwgener Blvd ., &: 6788 Miramar Rd. 

Only one coupon per custom ... One cIioc;ount per C ~'J: 
coupon. Not vaIk1 with any ather oUer or c:I.iIcoI.lnt. Tax ~r, B ... 
not tnctllded. Cl CQrt lC=hor Enterpr!Mo. tnc. 1990. ... 

L ____________________ ~ 

Voted • .. sf tasting yogyrt ov_1n the Golden lIangIe" 
-Metropolitan rrogOllne. June 1990 Yogurt Taste lest 

•••••••••••••••••••• ;.6 
l2 for 1 E~~ G j 
· """'" . • Lo JoIo Colony 7770 Regents RO . #t08 (In thO Vons ShoPping Center) II om-IOpmSm.lhIn: • 
• One couPOn PG< ClAtomer, Expires 12/2/90 IIom-11 pm fri.' Sol. • 
•••• • ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 



6 OPINION T he UCSD Guardian 

• NOW OPEN. DO YOU SUFFER FROM 
R. Beizaie, D.D.S. 

Member: ADA. CDA. 
SDCDS ASTHMA? 

Professional Dentistry 
9 am-6 pm Mon,-Fri. VOLUNTEERS NEEDED FOR CLINICAL DRUG STUDIES. 

• MEDI-CAL and most insurance accepted ALL TESTING AND MEDICATIONS ARE FREE . 

r 

NEW PATIENT 
I NTRODUCTORY FEES 

Full m~uth examination $ 2 5 00 
Four Bite Wing X-rays 
& cleaning 

QUALIFIED PARTICIPANTS WILL BE 
PAID FOR PARTICIPATION, 

ASTHMA UP TO $600 
CALL 436-3988 

(ASK FOR KEllY OR JANET) Porcelain Crown $ 3 5 0 00 
, ~ 

1349 Camino Del Mar • 792-8880 • Del Mar 
WARRE W, PlBkow. M.D. ASTHMA AAd AllERGY TREATMENT ANd RESEARCH AssociATioN 

This Is our mother. Prayfcrus. 

MERMAIDS 
. NIOTA/LLOYD/PALMER •. _,.~ . RICHARD BENJAMIN,. 

CHER BOB HOSKINS WINONA RYDER "MERMAIDS" MICHAEL SCHOEFFLING 
CHRISTINA RICCI .;:JACQUELINE CAMBAS -~JACK NITZSCHE ~~~STUART WURTZEL 

..!'~::::HOWARD ATHERTON, B.S.C. ""'!:.'!';'~~ PATTY DANN ~"·-.:.JUNE ROBERTS 
~-::LAUREN llOYD WALLIS NICITA PATRICK PALMER ~ "~: RICHARD BENJAMIN 

FREE SCREEIIII 
Brought to you coune y ofl~ 

LiS! claiborne 
COS MET C S 

THURSDAY I NOVEMBER 29 
8:00 PM 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
Sponsored by 

Unlve rslly Events Office 
UC San Diego/La Jolla 

Seating Is on a first come basis & not guaranteed. 
Please arrive early to ensure a seat. 

Wednesday, November 28, 1990 

Guns 
Continued from page 4 

According to Allen R. llodgkins 
IH, a foremost expert on gun fatali -
ties, 55 percent of all firemTIl dealhs 
are from suicide, 4 percent flOm 
a cidents and I percent are "unde-
teITIlined." TIle remaining 40 per-
cent fall into the category of homi-
cides. Of this 40 percent, 25 percent 
are considered self-defense Gustifi-
able homicide). Out of the remain-
ing homicides, 55 percent are com-
mitted by people with prior violelll 
criminal records. Herein lies the crux 
of the problem. 

Our criminal justice system can 
best be characterized as "revolving 
door." Criminals spend too much 
time on the outside and too little 
time on the inside. This is why 55 
percent of all homicides were com-
mitted by people with past criminal 
records. The amount of actual time 
these men spend in prison i fright-
eningly low. 

For every 500 serious crimes, 20 
adults and 5 juveniles go to prison. 
Those unfortunate enough to go to 
jail can expectto pend 7.5 years for 
murder, 4.5 years for rape, 3 years 
for robbery, and 2.5 years for as-
sault. 

The solution to the problem is 
not the banning of private gun 
ownership; it is the hiring of more 
prosecutors and judges. it is the 
building of more jails. We must put 
and keep violent criminals away 
from society and behind bars where 
they belong. 

To believe that these people le-
gally acquire guns is extremely na-
ive. The U.S. Attorney General states 
thatfiveoutofsixofallgunsu edin 
acrimewereillegallyobtained. The 
U.S. Custom Agency notes that since 
198680,OOOSovietAKMrifleshave 
illegally entered the country and 
this is just the tip of the iceberg. 

Two facls are blalantly obvious. 
People with prior criminal records 
are theonescommittingthe murders 
and they are the people who obtain 
handguns illegally. Is outlawing 
handguns going to stop people who 
already obtain and use illegal fire-
arms? 

Oddly enough, some state legis-
lators believe banning gun will keep 
them out of the hands of criminals. 
Washington D.C. and New York 
City fall into this category. In 1976, 
our nation's capitol enacted a total 
handgun ban and impo ed a strict 
long-gun registration law. Since thm 
time, there has been a 168 percent 
increase in homicides. Additionally, 
the homicide rate attributed to fire-
anns kyrocketed 250 percent. 

Hopefully, these figures will 
prove the point that criminals who 
want to acquire and use handguns 
will do so, regardless of any local , 
state, or federal laws. 

We afeonly hurting ourselves by 
banning firealTIls. The man whose 
house is robbed, children beaten, 
and wife raped will be the loser. He 
will no longer be able to defend his 
life, fami ly, and propeny from the 
criminals we so expediently release 
from jail. The right to own fireanns 
is one of the most important aspects 
of a free society. It is the ultimate 
vestige of power in the people. Are 
we ready to forever lay down our 
ann and pennit the government to 
have the ultimate authority owr us? 

Fortunately, there is one faction 
of our sociely that will al way re-
main amled,even in the face of total 
gun restriction. Criminals. nd per-
hap if the time comes that we may 
need to defend ourselves, they will 
protect u . 

Wednesday, November 28, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 7 

GET WITH THE PROGRAM 

IMPORTANT DATES 
Check Disbursement: December 26 

If you pay by mail, 
your payment should be postmarked by: December 15 

If you pay by drop box, 
your payment should be received by: 

Last day to pay fees 
without a late charge: 

December 19 

January 3 

UC§[)) BOOK§10RlE~, 
A~~UAl I 

t \.PREaCH~~§lMAS SALE J 
~ DECEMBER a S . ..,t.J w 
~~~~I-.wIfMt4 ........ ,' ........ \(I.\.""III~W\I'~~+IIII~III .... ", .. ~I/IoWI .. , 

, 
... 

\. 

ENJOY A 30%· 60% 
DISCOUNT ON 

• BOXED CHRISTMAS CARDS 
STUFFED ANIMALS 
SELECTED CLOTHING 
CHIlDREN'S TOYS 
CERAMICS AND NOVELTIES 
LUGGAGE 
GLASSWARE 
HOUSEWARES 
COLLECTORS PORCELAIN 

WHILE aUANTlTlES LAST 

SAVE 2()0.4 ON OUR 
GREAT SELECOON 
OF GENERAL BOOKS 

Including 
- Gilt books 
· Fiction II1d non·neUon 
• Children's books 
• Sail books 
• Calendars 

TAKE 20% OFF ALL TECHNICAL BOOKS 
Including 
• Computer science 
, Mathematics 
• Engtneerlng 
, Physics 
• Chemtstry 
• Personal computing 

UCSO Book"Oft Hours: 
lIoMiy ,Friday 1:3hll" (l1li 
SoIUrd.y 1:30 •• ·5 (III 
a ..... Sundey' I HoIkIoy. 

$9 HAIRCUTS 
HAIR COLORING 
PERMS FROM 
$40 PACIRC BEACH: 

1447 Gomet Ave. 
,.. COLLEGE: 273-CUTS 

il'..oot" 6686 EI Cajon Blvd. 
t-lcNI loV'"" 463-5052 OCEAN BEACH: 

4882 Newport Ave. 
HILLCREST: 222.3777 
409 University Ave. 
2Q1-CUTS 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free consultation and i~lllial rrearmelll 15 min . $20 value. First-lime cUe,lIs Dilly)' 

Eyeblows 

Upper Up 

Chin 

Underarms 

Breast 

Stomach 

SilOn; Une 

Fingers 

Legs 

Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American M<!di~a\ Association 
appro"ed methods for probtem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female staff. state lic. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
LaJoUa ViUage ProfeSSiOnal Center Bebind Elepballt Bar 
8950 Villa Lajolla Dr. Ste. 2121 'E.'Pire:; 12I21J19() 

TEACH FOR AMERICA 
application deadline for 

spring interviews 

January 4, 1991 
Teach For America 

is a national teacher corps of 
talented, dedicated individuals 

from all ethnic backgrounds 
and academic majors who 
commit two years to teach 

in urban and rural areas 
that have persistent 
teacher shortages. 

Applications are available at the Career Services Center 

For more information contact Elaine Kimura at 534-1 414 



• 

8 CLASSIFIED The UC D Guardian Wednesday, November 28,1990 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza is stili UCSD's finest original 
pizzeria. Tear out the BJ's coupon and 
get your taste buds to BJ 's, For UCSD's 
serious pizza eaters I (9124·11130) 
PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wai t. 
Xeroxes and more. Near SI. Germains. 
452·9949. (9124·11130) 
Writinc Help. I've discovered/created 
unique, Fun - yes. fun ! approaches for 
serious projects. Begin 481·181 O. (1013· 
( 1130) 
Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only handles 
these 2 autos and nobody does it better 
forUCSD. Bring your IDand youget20% 
off most services ! Call 450·9494. (10126· 
(1130) 
Cheap date?1 Check out Ricci'S great 
11alian food al awesome prices. Two din· 
ners for the price of one (only $7.95) with 
ad in Guardian. (1 1112·11130) 

INSURANCE · lOW INSURANCE 
RATES FOR UCSD STUDENTS FOR 
AUTO AND MOTORCYCLE. CALL 
Jessica, 800·457·1234, 9·5 (1112·1/9) 
Math/Physics Tutor. Any level 459·2669. 
leave message. (11 /1 4·11130) 
Do you want SI.55? Johnny Rockets in 
Del Mar is giving you a free order 01 fries 
when you order an Original or #12 burgeri 
Find thead in Monday's G andyou'reset 
(1 111 6·11130) 
AGAPE BOOKSTORE - Christian 
books, Bibles, gilts, cards, music, church 
supplies. Ask about student discounts 
with Guardian ad. 6904 Miramar Rd., 
#210. 586·7818. (11126·1111) 
WORK IN EUROPE THIS SUMMER! 
Find out how Thursday, November 29, 4 
p.m .. International Center Conlerence 
Room. Sponsored by the Opportunities 
Abroad Office. (11126·1 1128) 
Revelle Battle of the Bands - Feb. 1, 
1991 . Turn demo lapes into Revelle Pro· 
vost Office belore Jan. 18. (11128· I 1130) 
Big Party - Hot!!' - Friday Nov. 30th, 
8:30 p.m .. Faculty Club - UCSD. 587· 
8563, Don't miss itl!! (1 1128·11130) 
Yoga. Join us for an evening 01 medita· 
t ion . Irv ine Room , Price Center, 
Wednesdays, 7 p.m. (271 ·4983) (11128) 

SERVICES 
Papers typedlQuickand affordable. From 
$21pg. Call LJ Colony Resumes & Pro· 
fessional Typing. 455·8357. Laser print· 
ingl 60 typestyles to choose Iroml One 
day service available. (1 0/5·11130) 

EAR~ 
& LEAR~ 

Work With an mternatlonal 
computer company, Zenith 
Data Systems, on your cam-
pus as part of a student sales 
and marketing team. Guaran-
teed consulting fee plus com-
mission, flexible hours, build 
resume, gain expenence. 
Fax resume to: 212-675-1732 
ormail to en,5 West 19th St., 
10th FI" Mew York, MY 10011 
or call 1-800-827-8440. 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in is-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $i for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardiall) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, 3 p.m. Monday for Wednesday's issue, and 3 p.m. Wednesday for Friday's issue . 
The Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to 
companionship ads . For more information call 534-5416. Mailing address:UCSD 
Guardian , 0316 , 9500 Gilman Drive, La f olia, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: 
Student Center A , lOp fioor . 

Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Stu· 
dent discounts. 558·46441226·1962. (9/ 
24-1114) 
WRITING Help from UC·Grad Tutorl 
Writerl Researcher. All projects we lcome. 
Productive, Intense! Start Early. 481· 
1810. (I 013·1 1(30) 
TYPING: TERM PAPERS, ETC. RUSH 
JOBS AT NO EXTRA CHARGE. 453· 
06!l6. (1 013· 11 (30) 
PINWHEELS - a full service salon near 
campus - Costa Verde Center. Facials, 
wax ing, lash tints and more. Call 
Parvaneh, 558·1858. (10126·1 1130) 

Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only handles 
these 2 autos and nobody does it better 
forUCSD. Bring your 10 and you get 20% 
off most services! Call 450-9494. (I 0126· 
11130) 

Word Processing. Quality work at rea· 
sonable prices. Resumes, reports, etc. 
Laser printer. Call Diane 755·1724. (10/ 
29-1 1(30) 
Airline prices up again - buy now lor 
best holiday travel fare. Free ticket deliv· 
ery, 450-0812. (1117·11128) 
Word Processing -everything from term 
papers to resumes. 24·hour service 
available 7 days a week, 450·0812. (I I I 
7·11130) 
Cheap date?! Check out Ricci's great 
Italian food at awesome prices ! Two din· 
ners for the price of one (only $7.95) with 
ad in Guardian. (11 /12·11 /30) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Experi-
enced. Word Processing. Research us-
ing MEDLINE or BRS Colleague; 1 hour 
minimum. Student Rales. Modem. Laser 
printer. 9·7 Mon.' Fri. Weekend appoint· 
ments. 753·5964. 1521 Summit Ave., 
CardlH. (11114·1 1/30) 

How's your smile? How's your breath? 
Maybe you need a dental check·upl Pro-
fessional Dental Care can help you with 
reasonable rates. Located at 1349 
Camino Del Mar. Call tOday, 792·8880, 
to improve your appearance. (11 /16·1 11 
30) 
Resumes, word processing, editing , 
proofreading, desktop publishing. Done 
by professional marketing consultants. 
Will beat any quoted price I Guaranteed! 
Free pick·up and delivery, 7 days, rush 
jobs, laser printer. 549·0817. (1 I I I 6-1 1/ 
28) 
WORD PROCESSING, 4.0 English Skills, 
term papers, experienced dissertations, 
7-day week, rush jobs references 755-
2683. (11 119·1 /11) 
Tired 01 the long lines at the ' other" copy 
places? Printmasters (in the Von's shop-
ping center) has fast and friendly service. 
Try us once and you'll never go back to 
the other place. (1 I I I 9-11 (30) 

GREAT CHRISTMAS GIFTS! For your 
entire family. Have your family's old 8mm 
film transferred to VHS. One low price 
supplies a present lor everybodyl Call 
today! 619·272-0868. (11/26·11130) 
WORD PROCESSING, EDI11NG. $21 
page, Iree pickup and delivery. 7 days! 
week. Irma, 453·6282. (11 /26-11 130) 
PAPERS TYPED, LASER PRINTER. 
Term papers, theses, dissertations; fast, 
accurate, reasonable. 270·9416. (11128-
1122) 
WORD PROFESSIONALS: Word Pro-
cessing, Reports, Speeches, Disserta-
tions, Manuscripts, Presentations. Ex-
perienced. Laser printer. Student Rates! 
753·5964. (11114-11 /30) 
Word processing services, prolessional 
quality, reasonable rates. Call 566·9096. 
(11128·11130) 

TYPINGIWORD PROCESSING. Term 
papers, theses, resumes. Foreign Ian· 
guages. Near school. Reasonable rates. 
453·0591 , 291-9008. «(1128) 
STUDENT COMES CLEAN and saves a 
bundle! Large load washers and huge 
dryers cost less! SPEEDY Coin Wash-
Corner 01 Grand and lamont in P.B. 
Open 24 hours. Try us! (I 1128) 

Idnko~· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 

Math/Physics Tutor. Any level, 459·2669. 
Leave message. (11 114·11130) 

WANTED 
Happy with your present salary? I need 
people who want to make more ASAP 
(619) 758·4602. (10/10·11130) 
Domino's Pizza at UCSD is now hiring 
Pizza Makers and Customer Service 
Representatives. Must be at least 16 
years old, energetic and efficient with an 
outgoing personality. Will be responsible 
lor greeting customers, taking pizza or· 
ders and other store operations. Eligible 
applicanls should apply at the UCSD 
store,located at 3211 Holiday Court alter 
3:30 p.m. (10119·11130) 

Addressers wanted Immediately I No 
experience necessary. Excellent payl 
Work at home. Call toll·free: 1·800-395-
3283. (11/2·1/1 1) 
WANTED 100 PEOPLE. We will pay you 
to lose 10-29 Ibs in 30 days. All natural, 
nationally televised. (1 -800·347-7584) 
(1 1126·11 (30) 
Warm, dependable adult wanted to care 
for two preschoolers Monday and 
Wednesday mornings. Call 689·1549. 
(11/19-11128) 
SECRETARYILAWClEAK-Heavylil· 
ing, copying and phones. Good typing 
skills required. $5.35 per hour. la Jolla 
Shores. Call 459·4118 ask for Noelle or 
Joanne. (11 /26·1 111) 
The language Program needs tutors for 
Spanish and French. 3.0 GPA required. 
Apply by December 7 in Room 21 4, Stu· 
dent Center Building A or call 534·2284. 
(11126·11130) 

WANTED 100 PEOPLE. Lose 10-291bs 
in 30 days all natural. Xmas special 1· 
800·347-7584. (11 /28) 
Serious Entrepreneurial opportunity with 
financial Ireedom available. Ambitious 
individuals call 271 -4940 or 496·3325 for 
information. (11 128·214) 
Wanted: Toys-New/Used (unwrapped) 
lor Tecate orphanages; Drop off location: 
MOM. More inlo: 755·4127. (11/28-11 / 
30) 
Students needed to move lurniture -
half.day UTC area, extra moneyl 457-
1538. (11128·11130) 
Excellent part time jobsl Looking for am-
bitious students to work on an on·cam· 
pus marketing project for major compa· 
nies. Must be personable and outgoing. 
Excelient earningslJeanineor Amy. (800) 
592·2121 . (11128) 

Cosmetic & Family 
DEIITISTRY 
Take the bite oul 

of your dental concerns 

274·BlTE 
274-2483 

Fed ... CNer 55 Califomia students managed their own businesses ~ summer 

HOURS 
457-3775 

:Harriel J . 5e1ditl , 'f).M .ID. Fed ... Their average eamirYJS for the summer of 1990 were $10,700 
Fed ... They oontinued to J)'ove a dec<¥je.1ong track rerord in bJsiness 
Fed ... These students all managed with Student Painters and ganed valuable 
managerrent expertise 
Fed ... /vtlst territories will be fillOO by the end of Noverrber 
Management hiring now taking place for the summer of 1991 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Gamet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

CHAMPUS & most 
Insurance accepted 
Alter work / Alter class 

and Saturday appointments 

US! Ct.I,."",,,, Mn. IIrli. 
(corner of Genesee) 

GUITAR PLAYER seeks band. Rock! 
heavy blues, Inf. Zeppelin , Stevie Ray 
Vaughan, Satriani, Boston. Lee 562-
5982. (1 1128·11130) 
Will pay lor instruction on new "Mac Clas-
sic" computer. 5 min. 'rom UCSD. Ruth 
453·2560. (11 /28·11130) 

FOR SALE 
DISCOUNT AIR FARES. RESERVE 
HOLIDAY TRAVEL NOW. USA, EU· 
ROPE. FREE BONUS MILES. 481 · I 264. 
(10126·11130) 
6' futon and 4·position frame. $1 00. Close 
to campus. 587·0709. (10/26·1 t130) 
IBM COMPATIBLE ST, AT or 386. I yr 
warranty. On site installationltraining. 
298·6708. (11/12·11130) 
IBM COMPATIBLE 30MB HARD DRIVE, 
COLOR MONITOR, PRINTER (includes 
Wordperlect 5.0) $999 obo. Song 792-
8493. (1 111 6·11126) 
1985 Bertone (Fiat) xl/9 hardtop con-
vertible sports car. 5·speed. 25k miles. 
Like new. 792-6039. (11119·11128) 
'82 DODGE VAN. 6 cyl, 4spd, great SURF 
vehicle. Must sell I $2900 obo, 632·1483. 
(11119-11128) 
5 ACIDC tickets; Dec. 15 Long Beach, 
only SoGal show. $100 each, 793·0273. 
(11 126-11128) 
19" colorVCRfTV $500, single futon $60, 
bed $30, fun heater $20, dinner set $1 0, 
carton drawers $5, chair $5. 597·0657. 
(11126·11130) 
'80 Volvo Wagon, New clu tch , needs 
Heatercore, otherwise very reliable, $300 
O.B.O. 546-8171. (11128·11130) 
PJane ticket - RT Sand DiegolStockton, 
CA. Leaves 12120/90, returns 111/91 . 
$150 or best offer. Call 459·7709. (111 
26.11(30) 

Roundtrip ticket - San Diego to San 
Francisco. Leave 1219, return 113. Best 
offer. 452·5966. (11126·11130) 
'86 Nissan Sentra 4-door, 42,000 miles, 
AlC, 5·speed, excellent shape. 574-1503. 
(11126-11128) 
VESPA for sale. Rallye 200. Low miles. 
Runs well , $600. Call Jeremy at 454-
8189. (11128·11130) 
Seattle I One·way ticket, nonstop, Alaska 
Airlines, December 1 0 (alter finals). $1 25 
O.B.O. Brett, 558·6602. (11 128·11130) 
For Sale. Honda Elite E Scooter, brand 
new '90, black, $850.00. Julie 483·4567 
or 452-5706. (1 1128,11130) 
RT PLANE TICKET San Diego to San 
Jose. Depart 1218/90 Return 1/2191 . $92 
Call 452·6264. (11128·11130) 
Sony Car Stereo, AMlFM Cil:selle, 25w 
+ 25w; Pullout, Junking car, 6 months 
old, speakers, $225, 546·8171. (11 /28-
11 /30) 
Electric ajustable bed, like new; cream· 
colored couch, good condition; rocking 
chair, pink pad, like new. 271 -0053. (Il l 
28) 
VW '85 Golf, blue, 4dr, 5spd, excellent 
condition, $2800 or best offer, must sell 
270-4243. (11128,11130) 
Excellent Concert Tickets, Great Seats, 
Bad Company in San Diego Dec. 14, 
alter finalsl Alex 458·9845.( 11 /28·11130) 

PAID INTERNSHIPS! 
(Positions Limited) 

Applications/Interviews be-
Ing taken now for the best 
summer business Internship 
you can find. Earn $6-
$12,000+ while managing 
your branch of UNIVERSITY 
PAINTING PROFESSIONALS 
during summer 1991. 

Call1-8O().KALL.uPP today. 

Wednesday, November 28,1990 

1982 Mazda 626, 5 speed, AMIFM ste· 
reo, good condition, $1700Ibest biter. 
Call 792·8352. (1 1128· I 1130) 
Desk, 60" x 30", $100 O.B.O., 2 tan 
sofas, $50 each; All in great condo 792· 
9846. (11128) 

Snowboards, Sims 1700 ultimate, G & S 
165 Hal'pipe Waterskis, Lapoint O'Brien 
65" Impulse, 67" Competitor. 459·3061. 
(11/28·11130) 
Roundtrip X'mas ticket to Oakland, 
leaving Dec. 8, Relurn Jan. 3. Only 
$60.00. Call 558·5906. (11 /28) 
Nishiki International , 12·speed 
handcrafted racing bicycle, $350. Dot· 
matrix printer w/ tractor feeder $90. 298· 
8768. (11128·11 (30) 

RT Airline Ticket. San Diego-San Fran· 
cisco. Lv . 11 130 p.m., return 1212 p.m. 
Female. $68 cash. 452·8656. Nancy. 
(1 1/28) 

Mac+ w130 MB, 3 1/2" Extemal Drive, 2.5 
MG Memory, Laser Printer 300 DPI. 259-
0299 . (lY28-1113O) 

San Diego Chapter BUNWC Used Book 
Sale, La Jolla Village Square near May 
Company. Daily 11 ·6, through Novem· 
ber and December. In'ormation: 454-
5075. (11/28-11130) 

HOUSING 
MALE ROOMMATE WANTED: own 
master bedroom, tennis cts, jacuzzi, pool, 
wt. room, ample parking, 3 minutes to 
UCSD, $418.50 + 1/2 uti I, only $75 de· 
posit. From 12115 to 6130, 452·2664. (I 1/ 
7-11(30) 
One bedroom apartment in la Jolla, 5 
min. from UCSD. Take over 3 mo. lease, 
then mo. to mo. Pool, jacuzzi, weight 
room, sauna. $660/month, $300 deposit 
Call 597·0702. (11/16·11/30) 

Female roommate wanted to share 2BRI 
2BA apt in La Jolla Colony. WID In apt., 
pools, jacuzzi, fitness center, plus extras. 
$450 plus 112 utilities/month. Call 558-
6623. (11118-11128) 

Room lor rent. House University City. 
Washer/dryer. 362.50/month + util. Call 
Lauri 452·9409. (11119·11130) 
Penasquitos $1050, 4 bedrooms, 2.5 
baths, house 2·car garage. Available In 
Nov. leave message: 695-8253. (11119· 
(1130) 
Single room for rent In Hillcrest. Only 
$233lmonth. 4 blocks Irom shuttle. Park· 
ing. Washerldryer. 688-1301 . (I 1119·1 I I 
28) 

Single room lor rent in Genessee High· 
lands. Available now. $310 plus 113 utili· 
ties. 5 min. from UCSD. Close to pool, 
park, and stores. Call 587·8910. (11126· 
11(30) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED 'or LaJoliacondo 
5 minutes from campus. 1 ferT]8le non· 
smoker shares master bedroom off bal· 
cony with own bathroom, near pool and 
bus stop. $275. Call 457-2552 ASAPI 
(11126·11130) 

Roommates wanted for University City 
condo. 2 rooms available Dec. 10 or 
alter. $3031298 plus 1/3 util. Pool and 
tennis courts (females only) . 552·9135. 
(11126·11130) 
Roommate needed, own room with bath. 
Spacious, sunny, new apartment. $3901 
mo. plus 112 utilities. 270·41 87. (I 1126·1{ 
9) 

UTC area. $340Imo. Malure female non· 
smoker. No pets. Ouiet 2 bedll bath 
(apartment).455·6129 or 554·41 84. (I I I 
26·11/30) 

Male roommate wanted to share master 
bedroom near UTC. Pool, sauna, jacuzzi, 
raquetball, washer and dryer. S287.50 
plus 113 utilities. Joe, Barry, or Peter, 
558·1 060. (11 126·11 /28) 
Two rooms available in mid December in 
a nice four bedroom University City house 
with large yard. Rent is only $360 or $.:345 
per month (utili ties and laundry included I). 
Great location only 8 minutes lrom UCSD. 
Contact John, 453·7159. Sorry no smok· 
ers, drugs, or pets. (11/26·1113O} 
1 bedroom available In 3 bedroom, 2 112 
bath condo. Excellent location nearVons 
in UTC area. M or F. $31S1Month. Ouiet. 
Call Rob or Chris. 452·2807. (11128·111 
30) 
Own room in furnished 2 BedI2 Bath PB 
Condo; Bay View, Private Bath, Parking, 
Pool, Spa. Pool Room. Nonsmoker. $400 
Incl. util. Available 12114. 459·8162 or 
272·3129. (11128-11130) 

Female Non-Smoking Roommate, 
wanted in condo near UCSD, $300/mo. 
call ASAP 552·3433. (11128-11130) 
Male nonsmoker wanted to share master 
bedroom 01 large. 2·story Mira Mesa 
house. Washer/dryer, cable, fireplace. 
$2OSlmo. plus 1/5 utilities. Available Dec. 
10, call 693-4161. (11128·11130) 
Roommate (grad student or older 
undergrad) sought lor Mesa apartment. 
ASAP through January. $247.50. 546· 
0758. (11128·11130) 

La Jolla Colony - Female wanted. Own 
room, partially fumished. Available De· 
cember. $38O/mo. plus 1/3 utilities. Con· 
tact Diana 558·2081 . (11/28·117) 

Roomate Wanted l Own room & bthrm, 
hot tub, pool, sauna, S min from school. 
From 1/1 to 6130. $45O/mo + 113 utilities. 
457-8093. (11128·11/30) 

Female roommate wanted, own room 
and bath, 5 min from campus, teniscourts, 
pool, jacuzzi , weight room, $432/month 
and small deposit. 453·4948. (11128-11/ 
30) 
Roomate wanted: Solana Beach apt. 
1 block from beach, $3301mon. plus utili-
ties, $250 deposit Call Patrick Week-
nightsfrom6-9. 755-0919. (11/28·1 1/30) 
2 roommates, male, to share master 
bedroom. Close to campus, $260 each. 
452·2664.12·5106·30, (11126-11130) 
Room Available January 1st. 3 BR 
townhouse in Crown Pt. Own room and 
bath. $434.00 per month. $400 deposit 
Julie 483·4567. (11128·11/30) 

The UCSD Guardian 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: One pair 01 gloves in Price 
Center on Friday, November 16. Call 
Charlotte at 534·0818 and Identify. (11 1 
26·11128) 
LOST: Gold Men's necklace wlinscrip· 
tion (BRAD), at Charger field. Mon. Nov. 
19. Call481 -9255.-Reward!-(11128· 
117) 

PERSONALS 
Beautiful outdoor dining overlooking 
Torrey Pines golf course! Tasty, nutri· 
tious cuisine, all you can eat salad 
bar ... Choices 554·FOOD. (20%discount 
wfUCSD 10). (9/24·11130) 
Are you paying more than 5 cents per 
gallon on your drinking water? Call (619) 
259-9086 lor drinking water at only 3 
cents per gallon. (11/9·119) 
CtIeIIp date?1 Check out Ricci's great 
Italian food at awesome prices I Two din-
ners for the price 01 one (only $7.95) with 
ad in Guarclan. (11/12-11130) 

00 you want $1.55? Johnny Rockets in 
Del Mar is giving you a free order of fries 
when you order an Original or' 12 burgeri 
Find the ad in Monday's G and you're set. 
(11116·11130) 
How's your smile? How's your breath? 
Maybe you need a dental check·upl Pro·. 
fessional Dental Care can help you with 
reasonable rates. Located at 1349 
Camino Del Mar. Call today, 792·8880 to 
improve your appearance. (11 /18-11 /30) 
Tired of the long lines at the ' other" copy 
places? Prilltmaster (in the Von's shop· 
ping center) has fast and friendly service. 
Try us once and you'll never go back to 
the other place. (11/19·11 (30) 
Something new is brewing in La Jolla. 
The la Jol\a.Brewing Co. has lour great 
beers, all brewed on site. And to sweeten 
the deal, Wednesday is UCSD night; 
$1.00 Pilsners alter 9 p.m. (11 119·11130) 
The La:1guage Program needs tutors for 
Spanish and French. 3.0 GPA required. 
Apply by December 7 in Room 214, Stu· 
dent Center Building A or call 534-2284. 
(11126·1113O) 
Chi Omega Sorority coming Winter 
Quarterl Pre· Registration Nov. 28·Dec. 
7, at University Events Student Activities 
CWfice. (11128·11130) 
Here for Chrtstmas? Work as 
lelemarketing fundraiser for UCSDI On· 
campus, Flex·hrs., $7 + Bonuses. 587· 
1585 by 11/28. (11128) 

Research Subjects-STRESSED OUT? 
FREE research studies are available 10 
people suffering from anxiety. Symptoms 
include feeling nervous, tense, irritable, 
stomach problems, insomnia. muscle 
aches, and difficulty concentrating. Suit-
able volunteers receive free medications, 
lab tests, physicals, and psychiatric 
evaluation. 18 or older, please call Mon 
thru Fri, 10a.m. ·4p.m. FREE STUDIES 
ALSO AVAILABLE FOR DEPRESSION. 
FEIGHNER RESEARCH INSTITUTE 
554-0100. (11128) 

f You're In An Accident ... 
Call the Law Offices of Irwin "ibos. 
When we handle your bodily injury claims and 
litigation, we will provide a lUXUry or sports car 

at no cost while your car is being repaired. 
~Nissan 300ZX ~Porsche 944 Convertible 

~BMW 325i Convertible ~ercedes ·190E 
Law Offices (619) 

IRWIN DIBOS 236-8420 

CLASSIFIEDS 9 

WE HAVE 
EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

D'AGNESSA INSURANCE AGENCY 
7841 BaIbooAvenue , See. 215 

San Diego, CA 92111 

[55~N(~SALON 
INTRODUCES UCSD 

"CAMPUS CUTS & STYLES" 
by LORENE 

WOMEN $18 

HiLites & Perms 
(including Haircut) 

$13 

3251 HOUDAY COURT, SUITE 201 LA JOllA 453.9477 
Abowt St. Germain's LicpIor & Deli. Call for appointment 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv WCap -Only $48 

Not a t~ W8IIr 1018 ; fIecu)8 ceIuite and stretch marI<s 

Trlm'& Tan· UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. 1204 
455-0909 E.<pir0l 12/14090 

COMEBACK 
TO THE 

ALL, AMERICAN 
MEAL I $199 , : 

BIG MAC, SMALL FRIES, SMALL DRINK : 

rI1 mtJ6 ff ~nlv at 7t40 M,mm.r Rd. : .c~O rv' Pre~nt lhis coupon when ordering. I . . . r (JV limit ont: coupon per customer per vis;" Off., expires t 2/J0/90. I L ____________________ ~ 
SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE 

BACK PACKS 
WA 65 REG, $119,99 NOW 71Ug 
WA 63 REG. 129.99 NOWag." 
WA 68 REG. 139.99 NOW It." 

INTERNAL AlUMINUM FRAMES 
DUPONT COROURA. LIFETIME WARRANTY 

"FAMOUS TRAILS" - "MEl" - -EAGLE CREEK" 
"EASTPAK" ALL AT LOW DISCOUNT PRICES 

(c;.;,-_b';;~;i m;.,s.-~: ", 
• gill. pad&s, carts, money bets, PMS- \ 
: por1 _ So noct poIIows. .... " 

~_~2f!: ~ ~_h~~tI .. ~!_ .. r· .... 

1539 Garnet, Pacific Beach 483·1421 
Mon-Fri 10 •• m • .a Sat & Sun 10 a.m.-6 



10 The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, November 28, 1990 

It took Freud 38 years to understand it. 
You have one night. 

The psych exam ~ in 12 hours. And your id wants to party. Your ego 
wants to conk out But your superego knows you need to stay awake 
tonight to cram. 
Fortunately, you've got Vivarin. It helps keep you awake and mentally 

alert for hours. Safely and conveniently. So all your brninpower can focus 
on understanding the brain. 
H Freud had used Vtvarin, maybe he could have understood the brnin 

faster, too. Revile with VIVARIN: 
c I990SijDllund F~U4J cuprnFlI rt:presmlw b» The" R,*" RIChman "~ncy, Bt,vt"rty Hd15. CA 

Cl I99O __ 

lJR as dbulird. Cona6nl afrrtnr rquiYlllmr ollWO cupI 01 cclftt. 

Moy your pe be merry 
cnI bri;1t, cnI may all your 
punhasas be riFt. 

Costa Verde Centw. You'll 
1M us lib the dklatns. 
Gifts 
Bookstor 
IMyBody 
[hi La .kJI1a Flowers & Gifts 
Dow SIarao 
Gra!*ics Gallery 
La .Jolla JIweIry CanIar 
Paper TI'IIIIIs 
Pier 1 Imports 
WasIhcMn Gifts 
Apparel 
HoISpoIs 
Maxi's Boutique 

Men~ Wearflouse 
Services 
Costa Verde Cor \\bsh 
fG Photo 
GiIgiss FormaIwaar 
IbnIFed BanIc 
Jenny Craig Weight Loss 

La.kJIIa~ 
Ma~",Ek. 
Pinwheels 
V'MIeo Gallery 
Food 
Allies 
Big Bear 
Chang Chinese Cuisine 
DiMattia's 
Heidi's Frogen Yozurt 
Hot'- Cafe 
La .kJI1a Seas Restaurant 
LaSalso 
Mdlona!d's 
ScqJ ExdIonge 
Subway 
Sushi Bar Kazumi 

Wednesday, November 28, 1990 

, , 

, ' 

~ ,. .' , , ,', 
J 

Fri., Nov. lO through Fri., Dec. 7 
12am to lam 

Located In the Undergraduate Library 
South Study Room In Galbraith Hall. 

Sponsored by the Undergraduate Library. 
CSO Program and ASUCSD 

DELMAR 
The authentic Hamburger /Malt Shop 

• Hamburgers • Amer1can Fries • ChW 
• Sandwiches • Pies • Malts • Shakes • Floats 

Now Near Your Campus 
Del Mar Plaza - Street Level 1555 Camino Del Mar. 755-1954 

Sun.-Thurs. 11-10 • Fri. Be Sat. ll-Midn1ght 

Commerporating 50 years of 

TUt: BATMAN .• 
The Comic Gallery 

4224 Balboa Ave. 
Son Diego. CA 9211 7 

comer 01 BoIOOO a. Cia.amonl 0. 
- Next to Food Bosket -

(619) 483-4853 

675-B N, Broadway 
Escondido. CA 92025 

Counlry Comer Shopping Center 
at Broadway 8< Washington 

(619) 145-5660 

The UCSD Guardian 

M. HOOP 
Con:lnued from page 12 
point victories in the Triton Tip-
Off Tournament. 

"No one was satisfied with how 
the Tip-Off went, we weren't sat-
isfied with our level of play ," 
Marshall said. 

"The close scores are not in-
dicative of our play, rather that 
others are playing on emoiion and 
gunning for us because of our high 
[third] ranking." 

Defensively, the Tritons worked 
on foot positioning and being 
quicker on clo e-outs on cross-
court passes. 

On the other end, UCSD will be 
working on opening lanes and cre-
ating other options, such as getting 
the ball inside to Gordon McNeill 
and especially to Rick Batt, more 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Regulations: 

·SENDTliEENn<YOH AN 8 1/2" 8Y II " SHEEfOF 
PAPER A1.OHG WITH YOUR NAME, YEAR I,... SCHOOL, 
HQMElUW/'II. COt.J..BJE YOU ATTEND AT UCSD. MAJOR, 
AND PHONE NUMBER TO SPORTS EDITOR, UCSD 
GUARDIAN. 9500 GILMAN DRIVE 0316. LA JDUA. 
CA 92093-0316. You CAN ALSO DROP ITDFF INTHE 
SPORTS EDITOR'S BOX AT THE G UARDLAN OFACE. 

SOUTH 
AN OVERVIEW 

What is 
really 
going on 
in South 
Africa? 

Find out tomo"ow 
November 29, 1990 
12 Noon 
International Center Lounge 

often. 
"Rick ha been getting four to 

eight shots per game. We want him 
in double digit in shot attempts," 
Marshall said. "Going inside will 
make things doubly difficult for de-
fenses to key on Tim [Rapp) . 

"Rapp has been carrying us, and 
he's a great player, but we need to be 
more flexible and versatile." 

Marshall fet!ls that his team needs 
to establish its inside game, and that 
the Norton game will provide a 
chance for UCSD to experiment. 

"Rapp and Tom [S hawcroft] will 
get their points, and Erik Johnson 
and John Spence will help carry us 
off the bench, but Rick (Batt], Chris 
Moore, Andy Swindall , and Gordon 
[McNeill] need to have solid perfor-
mances in the paint," Marshall said. 

"We can win the tournament, but 
it's not going to be a cakewalk." 

LOCATED IN THE STUDENT Ce.rrER. ACROSS FROM THE 
GY M. 

-Au. UCSD STUDENTS. STAFF, AND FACULTY 
AAEELIGIBLETO ENTER, EXCEn FOR GUARDIAN STAFF 
M .... BEIIS AND EMPLOYEES OF BJ ' S CHICAGO PIZWUA. 

• THE PERSON WHO COMES UP WITH ntE MOST 
CORRECT A. ... SWEJtS. A!: DETERMINED BY 1liE JUDGES, 
WlLL BE DECLARED TIfE GRAND PRIZE WINNER AND 
Will 8E RECOONIZ£O WHEN TIlE QUIZ IS PRINTED TliE 
FOl.l.OWINO WE£k.lN THE EVENT OF It. TIE. /It. DRAWING 
WD..L 8£ HELD TO DETERMlNE THE. WlNI'IER. THOSE 
COR.RE.CT &rrRfES NOT SELECTED AS THE ORAND PRIZE 
WL'I/'rIER Wn.L 8& CONSIDERED RUNNERS-UP. 

-ONLY ONE ENTRY PER. PEIlSON PEA QUIZ.. No 
MASS·PROOliC£D ENTRIES WIU Be ACCEPTED. ENTRIES 
MUST BE AT mE G UARDIAN BY NOON T UESDAV (J 1/ 
27) 

- THE GRAND PRIZE WiNNER WILL R£CEJVE A FREE 

DINNER FOR TWO AT 81's CHICAGO PIZZERIA . 
R UNNERS-UP Will RECEIVE A FREE PITCHER OF 
MICHEJ..OB DRAfT BEER, OR SODA. AT 81's. LOCATED 
IN LAJOl..l.A V D.J.AGE$QuAJlE. A USTOFALL WIN~ERS 
WnL BE POSTED AT 81's EACH WEEK AND WINNERS 
NEED TO SHOW lDE.''TIFICATION TO CLAIM PRIZES. 

Last week's questions and answers: 

MeAT 
The new MCAT is coming this April. What's Your Plan? 

Su 1_ Wed s •• .....s.y 
Deoerri>er:JO - II,,""" 5 OIJUSThtAS.UAJ( (l'tESTUDY TIME, Biolow I 
...... ry.12 Oem/oa..m I V.rbaUWri!\ll& Practkllm I Ph\'tlcs I Blolow 2 
... u.."I.l-19 Oem/oa..m2 V.rballWrilinaPractkllm 2 Ph\'t1cs2 Blolow3 

",ul!Y~26 O.m/oa..m3 Vorbal/Writill,KPncticum 3 Ph\'t1cs3 Biolow 4 
IILUIJl' 21 - FobnoI'jl2 O.m/oa..m 4 Vorbal/Writina Pract1<um 4 Phyolcs 4 BIoIoolY 5 
_!l'.l-9 Oem/O-CMm5 Vorbal/W_ Pncticum 5 'hy0ic05 Bloioo<Y 6. 
_IVIG-16 o.em/O-CMm6 VorbaUW_Proctlcum6 _, Bloio&Y7 
_IV 17-23 o.em/0-CMm1 Vorbal Writina Pract1<um 1 mlet 7 Bloioo<Ya 
_IV:II - M1od12 o.em/OO' .... a Vorbal Writlna Pract1<um am. 8 Bloioo<Y 9 
M1od1.l-9 o.Oln/O-CMm' VorbalIWritinaPract1<um9 mlet9 Bloio&Y 10 
M1 ..... IG-t6 o.em/O-CMmIO VOII>L\IWrIIlnaPracticuml0 PhnletlO FINALS 
loll ..... 17-23 FINALS IIREAJ( I'INALS BREAK I'INALS I 810 low II 
M1 ..... 24-JO 0._11 .. 12 V_IIWriII .. Pnctkllm 11 Phnlct II 81oioav 12 
Mara. 31 - April 6 EAS'lEIt V ..... IIWrtII\& Practicum 12 Phyalcs 12 810ioav t3 
Aprj) 1·\3 CNm/OOoem 13 V ..... I/WrtII\& Practicum 13 PhnIct 13 ' lIIoioav 14 
April 16-20 ~OOoem14 V ..... I/WrlU .. Pncticum 14 Phnlct 14 810.,." 15 
Aprj) 21 -27 ~00Wm IS V ..... UWrillll,K Practkllm 15 PhnIct 15 n. MCATlI 

9 - 12:30 pm 3 - 6.0) .... 3 - 5:.lO_ 9-It:.lOam _n 
I - UD_ 6-5-.30_ 12 -2-.30 .... 

IiocIi _ '. Hn 3.5 3 2.5 2.5 
~bioa HGun JU U 37.S 37.S 
jO MotrirI ..... IS'-, 1725 TaW It..... New. _ ,,,",, 24 i. Ilw a... 

Our classes start January 5th_ 
For additional information: (619) 455-1000 

~U •• ___ I ____ ._~ 
/711 YJJ~I ·/~t:31 ., III 1&./ 

SPORTS 11 

NOTES 
Continued from page 12 
someone from the Denver Nug-
gets led the NBA in scoring. 

• The Nuggets ' transi tion 
game is nothing compared to that 
of the UCSD softball team, which 
has had 10 coache in the last four 
years (including assistants). 

• Jerry Tarkanian de erves to 
be punished. But the real losers in 
the NCAA 's anctions again t 
UNL V will be the fans, who will 
miss the chance to watch ooe of 
the best collegiate basketball 
teams in history. 

• Does anyone truly believe 
George Forema n can beat 
Evander Holyfield? 

• Don King 's head looks like 
a hair implant gone bad. 

Foreman needs a hair implant. 

1. Who is the head coach of the 
Seattle Sea hawks? Chuck Knox 
2. True or false: Gabriela Sabatini 
has never beaten Steffi Graf. False 
3_ In what stadium do the New 
Orleans Saints play their home 
games? Louisiana Superdome 
4_ What was the score of the USC-
UCLA football game this past 
Saturday? USC 45, UCLA 42 
5. What is Bo Jackson's real first 
name? Vincent 
6_ True or false : The Lakers are 
currently in first place in the Pacific 
Division. False 
7_ What team did Darryl Straw-
berry just sign with? Dodgers 
8. What is the name oflhe trophy 
forthe Super Bowl championship? 
Vince Lombardi Trophy 
9_ What are the team colors of the 
PittSburgh Pirates? Yellow a nd 
black 
10. How many times has the UCSD 
women 's volleyball team won the 
national title? Six 

Last week's winner: 
Dave Ketcham,Warren, Junior 
QEDS - Vista, CA 
Runners-up: 
21 people, list at BI's 

• NOTES: This is the last 8J 's of 
the quarter. B1's will resume again 
at the beginning of next quarter. 

SEIZED CARS. trucks, 4-wheelers, 
TVs, stereos, furniture. and computers 
by DEA, FBt. IRS, and US customs. 

Available your area now. 
CALL 1-805-682-7555 EXT. C-1199 

• 



SPORTS 
The UC D Guardian Wedne day, November 28,1990 

Men's Basketball 'Refining and Defining' 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
John Spence and the Tritons hope to rise above the competition this weekend at the Redlands Tournament. 

• Preview: UCSD travels to the 
Redlands Tournament, beginning 
tomorrow with a first-round matchup 
against Norton Air Force Base 
By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD men's ba ketball team enter the University 
of Redland Tournament tomorrow afternoon with a 4-0 
record. Win or 10 e, the Tritons will sti ll be 4-0. 

No, that is not a typo. 
UCSD i paired with Norton Air Force Base in the opener 

of the eight-team tourney, a game which will not count 
toward the Tritons' ea on record or tatistics because 
Norton is not an NCAA team. 

In fact, according to Triton Head Coach Tom Marshall, 
"as a military team, they have a lot of guys in and out. 
They're a team in flux , and that make them hard to scout 
because you never know who you'l\ see from one night to 
the next." 

Marshall said, though, that he expects to face a running 
team, and knows that Norton has a 6'7" center. 

Though the game is es entially meaningles outside the 
context of the tournament, Marshall doesn't feel his squad 
doesn't views the matchup as just another crimmage. 

"The way to look at the situation is that Norton i 011 the 
road to winning the tournament. We have to get by them to 
get to the next hurdle." 

That hurdle may come either in the form of UCSD's 
nemesis from la t season - Menlo College - or Menlo' 
first round opponent, Cal Baptist. 

Last year in this tournament, in what Marshall called 
UCSD's best game of the eason, Menlo edged the Tritons 
on a last-second shot in double overtime in the semifinal . 

Marshall predicts that Menlo will emerge victoriou in 
an extremely physical battle with the Lancers. But ifhe had 
his druthers, the Tritons would face Cal Bapti t, a team 
UCSD will not see again this season. 

"We have two other games against Menlo this year, and 
three games against any team is too many," Marshall said. 

"If we have a relatively easy time again t Norton, get a 
lot of different players in the game and keep our starters 
re ted, we'll have an advantage against either Menlo or Cal 
Baptist, because they will have fought a war the day before." 

On the other half of the tournament bracket - which 
Marshall said is highly rated in term of strength of teams -
The Master's opens with Cal State San Bernardino, and ho t 
Redlands takes on Christ College of Irvine. 

Marshall expects The Master's to advance to Saturday 
night's final with a semifinal win over Redlands, expressing 
that The Master's i "rumored to be the be t small college 
team in California." The Mu tangs are comparable with the 
Tritons in the middle, po ting uptwo players at 6'S" or6'9". 

UCSD has spent the past week "refining and defining," 
according to Marshall , as the Tritons come off two two-

See M. HOOP, Page 11 

NCAA Polls, Elvis, Disneyland, and Paulina 
By Peter Ko 
Associate Sports Editor 

Just a few note : 
• The NCAA poll system for ranking 

team epitomizes stupidity. 
Miami was college football' consensus 

number one pick at the beginning of the 
eason, but the Hurricanes were upset by 

COMMENTARY 
BYU in their season opener. 

What followed was a total los of com-
mon sen e. The coaches and media (who 
vote on the ranking ) pent the next 12 
weeks or so shuttl ing team in and out of the 
top pot faster than George Steinbrenner 
changed manager . 

Why in the world do the expert ' insist on 
b ting a team off the top of the poll imply 
becau e of one 10 's? 

Nobody'~ perfect. Brando flubs lines. 
Carson bombs. The 4ger lo:.e. Jordan mis e 

hots. Little Al crashes. And Paulina wakes 
up in the morning. 

Everyone has a bad day. One mistake is 
not indicative of a sudden loss of ability. 

Case in point: Colorado is currently the 
number one team in the country. The real 
news, however, is that Miami ha atoned for 
its two early-sea on losses and, in at least 
two polls, has climbed all the way back to 
the second slot. 

If Colorado loses to Notre Dame in the 
Orange Bowl, and Miami beats Texas in the 
Cotton Bowl, take one gues who the na-
tional champion will be. 

Miami wa th be t at the beginning of 
the year, and Miami could be the best at the 
end of the year. 

Where exactly does that put them during 
the rest of the year? 

• While we're on the topic of bowl 
games ... the Blockbuster Bowl? sin, 
B/ockbustC'r I-de-o ... WOW! What a dlf-

ference! Sure it's a quick buck, but have 
NCAA officials gone mad? 

• La t weekend, Michigan quarterback 
Elvis Grbac tried to get an Ohio State crowd 
to cooperate and quiet down by waving his 
arms up and down the way quarterba ks do. 

The fans might have listened to Presley. 
But, Grbac ... I don ' t think so. 

• There are only two players in football 
who make you think they are going to do 
something special every time they touch the 
ball - Bo Jackson and Raghib Ismail. 

• John Czarnecki of The National says 
that the Los Angele Rams should hire former 
4gers Head Coach Bill Walsh for the Ram ' 
front office. Among hi argument is that 
Walsh 's root ar in Southern alifornia. 

Walsh attended high school in Northern 
alifornia, graduated from an J eState, 

coa hed at Stanford, and pent 10 year with 
the 49 r. urrently, he reside~ and runs hi 
bu me in Palo Alto. 

What, did he visit Di neyland once? 
• Speaking of The National, check out 

thedaily's ad fora spiffy var ity jacket, with 
a big 'N' on the front, and The National's 
masthead on the back. 

According to the ad, it 's "just like the 
ones worn by such Nationa/luminaries a 
Mike Lupica, Scott Ostler, Dave Kindred, 
and Frank Deford." 

And only $195 . 
Editor in chief Deford must think every-

one is a dumb a the Oklahoma football 
team. 

• Joe Montana has 14 interception this 
year. That 's his career high. 

• The Lakers have already 10 t three home 
games this year. They lost only four all of 
la 'r season. 

• Picture 76er harles Barkley and 
Manute Bol standing next to each other . 

• It would be ab~olutely meaningles ' if 
See NOTES, Page 11 


