
WE~KfND 
EDllI : 
• OPINION 

Despite opposition from every 
UC faculty organization and a vast 
majority of students, the UC Regents 
voted to continue managing the 
Lawrence Livennore and Lo 
Alamo nuclear research labs. 
Although disregarding the wishes of 
the majority of the university 
community was not a sound political 
move, the regents made the right 
choice. The real issue lies with what 
is best for the universityJPAGE 4 

• FEATURES 
Mirroring statistics from San 

Diego County and the state of 
California, automobile and bicycle 
theft at UCSD is on the rise. In 
contrast, thefts from on-campus 
residence halls and apartments, 
although still existent, remain 
relatively low. The UCSD Police 
Department and the In urance 
Infonnation Institute offer tip and 
advice on how to avoid becoming a 
victim of theft on campusJP AGE 10 

• SPORTS 
Despite an abundance of young 

players, including three freshman 
starters, UCSD's women's VOlleyball 
team has been rolling through its 
competition. The team also has an 
18-4 record and is currently ranked # I 
in Division m. Tonight's Blue and 
Gold Incredible Friday (BGlF) 
contest against the Cal State Los 
Angeles Golden Eagles is the home 
opener for the TritonsJPAGE 16 

~ HiATUS 
Johnny Clegg and Savuka, who 

will be perfonning in the Price 
Center Ballroom on Oct. 1, are a 
unique hybrid brand of South 
African Zulu rhythms and western 
jazz tradition.ln an exclusive 
interview with Hiatus. Clegg 
expounds upon his personal history 
growing up in South Africa and the 
difficulties he faced on hi path to 
success./PAGE HI 

INDEX ... 
UC News .............................. 2 
Opinion .............. .................. 4 
Features ............................. 10 
Hiatus ................................ H1 
Sports ................................ 16 

A.S. Questions RIMAe's Validity 
By Anton Bittner 
Senior Staff Writer 

Lingering grievan es from last spring' 
RIMAC facility referendum have rekindled 
the Associated Student ' debate over the rec-
reational facility. 

The Recreational/Intramural! Athletic and 
Event Center (RIMAC) facility referendum 
was the ubject of a special A.S . meeting held 
on Monday. With an 8-2 vote, the council 
passed a re olution authored by Vice-Presi-
dent External Molly McKay which expressed 
concern over everal9iscrepancies regarding 
the administration 's tole in RIMAe. 

Students were told prior to Monday's 

meeting that it would be closed to the public. 
depriving the members of student con ulta-
tion, AS. President John Edson said. Edson 
later vetoed the resolution at Wednesday's 
meeting, citing a lack of student input. 

Shannon Quigley, AS. repre entative to 
the RIMAC committee, said he was told that 
the meeting was closed. Half an hour before 
the meeting started, Quigley was infonned 
that she would be allowed to attend, but 
declined due to a lack of proper notice. 

According to Edson, the meeting on Mon-
day was called to establrsh an official A.S. 
position on RIMAC prior [0 the Academic 
Senate meeting on Tue day. 

Rlmas Uzglrls/Guardian 

As classes started Monday, students stood in lines, lines, and more lines to 
pay registration fees, buy parking permits, and buy school materials, such as 
these students waiting in line at Soft ReseNes. 

Because Edson did nOI . ign the resolulion, 
hecould not present an official council position 
at the senate meeting. When asked by the 
senate, he commented that the AS. wa. op-
posed to removing the "events aspect" of the 
facility. 

The "event a pect" centers on the inclu-
sion of an arena with the rec. facility, which 
will be home to basketball and volle) ball on 
both an intercollegiate and intramural level, 
in addition to other events such as concerts 
and lectures. 

Edson aid in a later interview that the 
content of the resolution was not tt.e reason 

See A.S., page 6 

Site Selected 
For RIMAe 
By Mary Betty Heard 
Associate News Editor 

The RecreationalllntramurallAthletic and 
Event Center (RIMAC) Building dVlsory 
Committee voted on Augu t 23 to name Mile 
High Field as the site for the new recreation 
facility, expected to be opened in the 1993-94 
academic year. 

Mile High Field, which i located next to the 

RIMAe: Officials also select 
architect for new facility/3 

supercomputer on the north campus, was one 
of six site originally evaluated in June of last 
year, according to Shannon Quigley, student 
co-chair of the RIMAC Building Advisory 
Committee. 

Of the ix ite, four were located on the 
north campus pa t Third College. one 'Was 
Mile High Field with a shgnr expanSion of the 
area [site DJ, and one was on the ea t campu 
near Scripp Ho pita!. 

According to Quigley, ite D wa cho en 
because the other five ites potentially inter-
fered with future building and expansion plans. 
The committee did not want to encroach upon 
academic space. 

After the Building Advi ory Committee 
decided on a building site, the recommenda-
tion was passed on to the Campu Community 
Planning Committee [CCPC]. 

"At their last meeting [on Augu t 18], the 
CCPC voted in favor of ite D. Now we are 
awaiting the chancellor's approval," Quigley 

See SITE, page 14 

To fill the needs of a rapidly growing cam-
pus community which i projected to have 
25,850 students and 42,950 total members by 
the year 2005, The UCSD Guardian will begin 
publishing three times a week on Monday. The 
hift from publishing twice a week will make 

the Guardian the only thrice-weekly college 
publication in the tate of California. 

To accompany the increased publication 
schedule, the Guardian has modified its overall 
design and will produ e a special "Weekend 
Edition" each Friday. 

The new design features a hift from a erif 
font to a san -serif font in the headlines, a bla k 
and white bold theme, and modular layout. 

The Weekend Edition will take on a some-
what different "look" than the Monday and 
Wednesday edition , featuring a quick-read 
fonnat on the front page, a county weather map, 
arnagazine- tyleHiatus, "Qub Scene" (a weekly 
feature on UCSD organizations) and preview 
of weekend port event. 



2 NEWS 

FROM OTHER CAMPUSES 
Man Kills UCB Student, Sexually 
Assaults Hostages in Berkeley Bar 

BERKELEY - An Iranian man in his mid-30s shot 
and killed one UC Berkeley student whUe holding ap-
proxImately 30 hostages in a Berkeley r~taurant early 
yesterday mommg. 

According to a Berkeley Police Depanment repre-
sentative. the man entered Henry's. a restaumm and barm 
the foot of Berkeley '5 Durant Hotel, around midmght. At 
12:05 a.m .. the man opened his briefcase. pulled out three 
weapons. and opened fire al random. 

Seven people were wounded by the shots fired at that 
time, and were allowed to leave. John Sheenen, ::!2, a UCB 
student from Lafayette. was killed in Ihe shooting. 

Berkeley radio station KALX reported that the man 
shot "randomly at varying intervals for the next even 
hours. He forced a number of women to pull down their 
pants. and sexually a saulted two of them." 

Police attempted to communicate with the man by 
phone, but the man aid that he would release his hostage 
if the San Francisco chief of police appeared on a local 
television station with his pants down. KALX reported. 

According to the police. a police hostage team at-
tempted comact during the night. and then took action at 
7: 15 Thun,day mommg. In the team's attaCk, the suspect 
was mortall y wounded. The hostages inside Henry' were 
unharmed. 

While rumors that the hostage-taker was an angl)' 
UCB student abounded, they ,",ere un founded, according 
toKALX. 

- Mary BeHy Heard 

UCLA Co-op Ownership Debated 
LOS ANGELES - More than 100 supporters of the 

Westwood Baya - a former Jewish ~tudent cooperative 
transferred to another orgamzation and convened into a 
homeless shelter - prote~ted the cOrltroversiaJ transac-
lion only hours before the new o,",ner' s televisedfundraiser. 

The Sept. 10 protest was the latest development in the 

Calvin and Hobbes 
PuLLED B~ SPK,Y\I>.N 

Sl'\~, I'L l>. 1':."\" IS 
1\8ClIJ 1 \0 COLLIDE 

~'''' """"'" 

The UCSD Guardian 

ongoing dispute between supporters of the cooperative and 
Chabad. a non-profit Orthodox Jewish group. 

At the center ofthecontroversy is Mendel Itkin, one of the 
two Bayit board members who signed over the Westwood 
property in Decemberto Chabad. Bayit supporters claim Itkin 
had a conflict of inlere t because he is a staff rabbi at Chabad. 

Although a restraining ord~r issued by a Jewish court of 
law. called a Beit Din. is suppo edly still in effect - forbid-
ding Chabad from making any changes at the conunwlal 
house or moving in more temporarily homeless persons 
before the dispute is settled - no students w ill be Iiv ing in the 
20-person capacity building when school begins, 

"AJI the students have been kicked out," said Mitch Keeter, 
co-chainnan of the Bayit Alumni Association. "One of the 
residents tried to get in at the end of the summer and the lock 
were changed. He couldn't find his stuff when he got back. 
Chabad moved it into storage." 

In what has become a complex legaJ banle, the religious 
court has ordered both parties to sign a binding Jewish 
document by Oct. 2 committing themselves to resolving the 
conflict in the Beit Din. 

- UCLA Dally Bruin 

UCR Houses New Students in Hotel 
RIVERSIDE - Approximately 80 incoming UCR first-

year students will be moving into the Howard Johnson hotel 
thi fall. The hotel, located near the school, has set aside two 
separate wings of 50 rooms for the students, and is prepared 
to accommodate up to 100 students if Llecessary. 

The students will share each room for approximately olle 
quarter, until a dormitory addition is completed. That addition, 
originally scheduled to be fmishedthis fall, has been delayed 
because several changes in con truction were made. It is now 
slated ro be completed in mid-November. 

The students will pay regular dorm fees. be under the 
supervision of a resident assistant, and receive a meal card. 

To ensure the students' safety. the hotel will be patrolled 
by the campus police, and the students will live in locked 
wings. 

- UCR Highlander 

CalPIRG Negative Check-Off Nixed 
LOS ANGELES - The California Public Interest Re-

search Group (CaIPlRG) will no longer be allowed to use a 
negative check-offpolicy to coHect fees from University of 
California students. a UC Regents committee decided last 
week. 

CaIPlRG, an environmental and consumer research and 
adv~acy organization, has been using the negati ve check-off 
on four UC campuses - Berkeley, Los Angeles, Santa 

by Bill Watterson 

: .;ow CAl'>! ()')R 'IME 61':. \)p '.'1 
1 JUST ~ID 1H[ FIRS, 
?RClB',EM ON 1\115 0 \)'1. ' 

GIJt.S5.' GUE'S') ! PIC\(. RANlXlll. ~ IN, CAl~ IN 
NJMB R"::,' 1o\~'BE po., fEI'< I :"O~'R 1'1 1'1.1':. 'S uP COI'\T FORGET WE \1~~E. I>. BEl 

a N '+1\10 GElS 
nil: \11<0\-\1:1< 

'T1\t: BErs 
Off' I 

DoNI 
Gl>.loISlE! 
t1() BETS! 

I W>\£.R£ '."D T><[ T.M£' G' "'> WIll.. e,[ RIGI-II 8'\ '3\iE£ "u< "" oS' 104 ' 3 ' 27 ' 

lIS SlolOGKAl ' 
GIRl') Ml>.nJRE 

F~SltR W,N ~5 
'iW j\l:lT GOT A 

&m.~ GRI\\lE 
BW.\)5£ 1()IJ '~ '" 
GIRL' 1\5 ~1 tA\~ 

RAOC 
I 

!'liMBE lIS OPPO'5I\t 
OA~ , t-I"'iBE ~\l. -m& 
x s Mbl-t( M't ANS'1l£R') 
~Qf comer' 1-\,&0.1&£ 
'<0\) II. .~: 15 Rtlll. i AN 
-F '.' 1111>.1 "'\lSI BE 

I Will -rnt. St., ' 

Friday, September 28,1990 

Barbara, and Santa Cruz - to collect a quarterly fee ($2 
a quarter at UCLA. $4 a semester at UCB, and $3 a qUal1er 
at UCSB and UCSC) since 1984. 

The Regents Committee voted to allow CalPlRG to 
collect fees through a posilivecheck-offmechanism - a 
method CalPIRG , aid it would refuse to employ. 

The negative check-off aulomatically assesses the fee 
to students on theirregistration fee card unless the student 
takes action to Jequest that the university waive the fee. A 
positive check-off system allows the students to check a 
box on their registration fee fonn and add the fee to their 
total. 

The CalPIRG fee began wlder Ihe negative check-off 
method in 1977. It has been the only registered student 
organization authorized to use the registration process for 
fee collection through the negative check-off method. 

- UCSB Dally Nexus 

Regents OK Faculty Pay Increase . 
LOS ANGELES - The UC Regents has approved a 

4.8 percent average pay increase for faculty. effectiveJ an. 
1,1991. The 1990-91 budget also includes fu'nding for 
merit and promotion increases forthe full academic year. 

In order to address the UC salaries which are lagging 
behind those at comparable institutions, higher percent-
ages will be applied at the assistant and associate profes-
sorranks(6and6.8percent,re pectively),andanaverage 
4 percent increa e will be applied to full profe sors. 

As of Jan. 1, among faculty with regular nine-month 
appointments, assistant professors will be paid from 
$35,9OOto$45,600onasix-step scale; the previous range 
was $33,900 to $42,700. 

For associate professors, the new range will be from 
$43,100 to $55,300 across five steps, compared to the 
present range of $40,400 to $53, 100. Full professors will 
earn from $51,400 to $91,300 across eight steps. com-
pared to the present $48,500 to $87,700. 

University staff employees will receive an average 5 
percent increase as of Jan. L This cOllfonns to salary 
adjustments provided for all state employees in the 1990-
91 Budget Act. A half-year of merit increa e fundin g was 
also provided. 

For administrators and senior staff, the regents ap-
proved an average 7 perceLlt increase. and for the presi-
dent and the chancellors of the university. a 5.8 percent 
increase, effecti ve Jan. I. 

UCSD Chancellor Richard Atkinson ranks fourth on 
the list of chanceilors' salaries, with a new annual salary 
of$162,000. 

GUASk.nIAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, Managing Editor 

BEN BOYCHUK, Opinion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, Associate Sports Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Sports Editor 
JAMES COLUER, Design Editor 
REBEKAH DENN, Associate News Editor 
GREG DIXON, Associate Opinion Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMILTON, Associate News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, Associate News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, ASSOCiate Arts Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, Associate Arts Editor 
PETER KO, Associate Spotts Editor 
JENNIFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Associate Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, Arts/Entertainment Editor 
MEL MARCELO, ASSOCiate Graphics Editor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, Associate Features Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, Associate Photo Editor 
JULIE PUZON, Features Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Editor 
JASON SNELL. News Editor 
RIMAS UZGtRIS, Photo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, ASSOCiate Features Editor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, Arts/Entertainment Editor 
Senior SI.M Wrilers: A""", B;ttner ary", Des. Bnan IWw Pa:nca .!em. MallO Paster .. • 
_S<nwartz .. ...... 
SIaM Will ... : JoIv1 A:iuroon WIiI" B,ns. p,,,,, Con ... olI~" Darlow. Jason iluIde. Amy 
Kr<>i< •• TonyLo.Shoflylooronce Jtnro1erM"""",s, ~O'Keele. Oobboe Rosen .... . Derek 
SchabIe. Ooog 5_, Gr&yory W..",. Neola WI>te/1ead 
Photagr'l'l*"' Gtog Benes. Coty \.Jdsch~. Ed iJm. F,,, Zuf'0g3 
IIIUWllOr1; Mike ea.na. Clm Laws. L8\jI1 lime McComaugiley Kal)' Roo. He en Toe 
Typists: AmOOr Cole. Melissa Faw!. An Krav-tt. Sean O'Comeo! 
C4!>! A--'; Gteg HlAlsiull«. Jeso>e Si>'rger 
Ed'arlo! Asslstlfll :.loiSltenrlao 
PrOdlJCUon: Donna BIgley. Andre. Cool<. Suzy W." ... Ca,. Wyner 
Training O.ICIOr: Sell> S~1llf 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTtNEZ, Advertising Designer 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
Ad.tr11t1ng Re",._II.I: Doug S_ 
Advtnltlng Asillt.nts: Llann. Belong,", Oan.1 Calvi, Bonita M.1I<uch. Paokl VaDodo;od 
Circulilion: Kai S Wang. Jot Lee 

11>1 UCSO~ cpoAlilhed Monda,. Wednosd", and F"d.ysdurorg 1110 acade"", )e,,1iI' end 
1or1/ll)~loderis"UCSD.AIp<ocI.<tonaillil_~tl'Ylorm • ..tlelIIo!~"""."."",.wrthout 
pM~.,""Iy",aI1_ 0 '990. 01 'glU,.,.1V8d 11>IUCSOG'-'.""_."."'11IO 

ralII"1aUl'llOiClJJd~Of.tl TheVI8'MSexp'...sedlt1or~'1'ICI!'9fl8<IIet\cfIorc:onvnenw ... 
do '" """"""Y ,"""".,. !lie ""'...,.. ~ The UCSD Gi....." I/lI) ........ ~ ~ C,"om .. Of I/lI) 
"""'"'Old SII ..... n." .. hill • me Pl'-Of 

Ediioriol: 534~80, 8usi""", OfIke: 534-3466, Fax; 534·7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-03 16 

Friday, September 28, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

GUARDIAN WEEKEND WEATHER WATCH RIMAC Architect Chosen 
• The temperature forecast for 

Friday through Sunday 
in San Diego County: 

, 

Source: 
Whl"" Shlgahara. Na'ionaJ Woather Sorvi".. 

500 

The Weekend 
Forecast: 

By Mary BeHy Heard 
Associate News Editor 

The RlMAC BUIlding Advisory Commit-
tee has chosen Parkin Architects as its candi-
date for the architect for the RIMAC facility 
after an inlerviewing process that narrowed 
the choice from over35 down to three fmalists. 

the summer, two-hour interviews each. We delib-
erated and chose three [to interview j:' 

The committee arranged to meet the three 
firms at a facility they designed that most closely 
resembled the RTMAC project. There they would 
interview the architects again, and also speak with 
the managers of the facilities to determine the ease 
ofworking with the architect and the quality of the 
facility's construction. 

Cloudy through 
Sunday with a 
possibility of 

sprinkles, 
According to Shannon Quigley, student 

co-chair of the RIMAC Building Advisory 
Committee, Parkin Architec ts was chosen by 
the committee because of their impressive 
background. 

In the group Ihat uaveled to interview the 
architects, there was a majority of voting student 
members to ensure the students' voice, according 
to Quigley. SURF FORECAST "Parkin has done many recreation facilities; 

they didUC lrvine's Bren Centerand UCLA's 
Wooden Center. .. [Parkin) is well known for 
his buildings," Quigley said. 

Surf Period Swell 
!.E1J. (Sees,) Direction 

To start the interv iewing process. which 
began in June, the committee issued an open 
invitation toarchitectural firms forpreliminary 
resumes. Over 35 resumes were received and 
shown to Boone Hellman. assistant vice 
chancellor of Facilities, Design, and Con-
struction, who guided the committee through 
architectural selection. 

The committee met a week after the last in-
terview and gave its impressions of each firm. 
Parkin was chosen as the best. 

"David Body is our contact [at Parkin]. He has 
worked with so many building advisory commit-
tees like ours; we felt he could give us a bui!Jing 
that worked very well," Quigley said. 

4 10-12 W/NW 
Heavy surf with low 

visibility for diving. 

Average temperatures 
for sea/air is 69 degrees. 

While the RIMAC Building Advisory Com-
mittee has come to a decision on the architect. the 
process is not yet complete. 

Surfing conditions: 
GOOD 

According to Quigley. a subcommittee 
was formed to narrow the selection down to 
six firms. 

"The committee makes a formal recommen-
dation to the chancellor, who then asks the regents 
for a formal appointment of an architect. That 
won ' ttake place until the project is included in the 
Capital Improvements Program," Hellman said. Source: The Diving Locker "We interviewed them one week during 

UCSD SPECIAL 
NEW CLIENTS ONLY 

Replace acrylic nails with a 'New 
Product" CilIIed Lume Gel Bond 

Nails. $35. reg. $45. Give your nails 
that CLEAR NATURAL LOOK. 

,Acrylics ......................... $16.95 
, Fills ............................... $10.95 
'Silk Wrap ...................... $25.00 
• linen Wrap ................... $25.00 
, Fiberglass ..................... $25.00 . 
' Pedicure ....................... $10.95 
• Manicure ....................... $5.95 
Fret fills on broken n&1s. Lsm.t two naris. 

t476 GARNET AVE.. Pacific Beach 
(Comer of Haines & Gamet) 

Next to Kentucky Fried Chicken 
Parting lot available 

Call 483-6168 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Mosl doctoral sludents (64,91%). after 
completing their oourse woril . remain with 
a dissertation .,ending complellon indefi-
nitely. Among lhese ABDs (AII·But·the-
Dissertation) are generally lound the 
brightesl and most creative caooidales. 
Addressing those elements involved in de· 
laying completion. the workshop guides 
participants. from beginning to IoI10wing 
through and compietKln. partICUlarly after 
years of inactivity aoo regardless of where 
they are in the process. 

Workshop informalion 
985-0426 

Postgraduate Group 

UCSD FITNESS 
SPECIAL 

./ 

ONLY $20 PI. MONTH 
on a monthly basis 

AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS-HOIST 
FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 

STAIRMASTER 
LIFE CYCLES 
CHILD CARE 

3 MILES FROM O.MPUS 

8.'NG-"r® 
3968 Cloiremont Meso Blvd. 

Cfalremont Square Shopping Center neor lee Words·Behind Famous Footwear 

483-9.29 4 
Also in SDSU area 698-1702. Present this ad and I.D. 

$25.00 InitiaHon Fee 

AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

TOM'S Master Mechanics 
• ••••••••••• exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
---------------------

'Must present coupon and valid UCSD 10 at Hme of estimate. Ji No"O"d~;o-r e;A9In~~4"·;'·POO, ~~ 
' I,IIOIIIOIIyt'..-"'( 

If You have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered Us 

Yet, Ask Us For References, 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

~ 

EDITORIALS I 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUE • Ed!! r in ChIef 
ROBI MAC LEA • Managing Editor 
JASON SNELL. News Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK. OpInion Editor 

TheJ.JCSD G","dIUII t~ pubhshrd three rimes a ""cellI tht lnl\ersl[) of Cahfomll. San Diego 
ComcnlsCI990 Vlewscltp~s2d ~in represenllhe m.'ljOl"ll} \occoflhceduonaJ board. and IJe not 
neccssanly those: ollhc: UC Board of Reeenls, the ASUCSD, nor 1M enure Guardian $lIfT 

NUCLEAR LABS MANAGEMENT 

Good Choice, Bad Method 
Last week, despite tremendous opposition from UC faculty 

and a majority of students, the UC Board of Regents voted to 
renew a contract with the U.S. Department of Energy to manage 
three national laboratories, including two nuclear research facili-
ties. 

While blatantly disregarding the recommendations of the 
UC-wide Academic Senate and the majority of student was not 
an exceptionally sound political move, the regents were correct 
in theirdecision (1t is interesting to note, thaI of all nine campuses, 
only UCSD students voted in favor of continued management of 
the labs in a referendum pas ed last April, 787-772). Wherea 
student and faculty argued from some sort of moral or ethical 
basis ("nuclear research breeds nuclear weapons - weapons are 
bad"), the regents took a more practical and long-term outlook 
('"research isgood,research is lucrative-even nuclear research"). 

Perhaps the only negative factor of the regents' decision was 
the way it was made. Virtually nobody wanted the UC to continue 
to manage the lab. Yet despite the massive lack of support, the 
regents decided to go ahead and renew the contracts anyway. 

What ' the use of having committees, ballot ,polls, or faculty 
advisories if they are going to be disregarded? The regents were 
rightthis.rime. Next time, the regents should just decide, and not 
try to humor the rest of the university. 

But the issue here is really 
what i be t for the uni-
versity as a whole. The 
University of Cali-
fornia is primarily 
a research institu-
tion. The primary 
goal of a re-
search insti tu-
tion is to make 
great dbcoveries 
and add to its 
pre tige. Access to 
large. government 
owned research facilities 
most certainly provides 
ample opportunity for the UC to 
increase its preMige. 

The two labs in question - ~s Alamos and Livermore-
provide an excellent opportunity for UC faculty and students to 
participate in nuclear research, in facilities licensed exclusively 
forthat purpose. While the actual number of faculty and students 
actually participating in research is relatively small,however, the 
potential for positive findings are great. 

Furthermore, nuclear research is not limited exclusivel y to the 
development of weapons of mass destruction. Times are chang-
ing. With the upheavals in Eastern Europe and the gradual refonn 
in the Soviet Union, the demand for nuclear weapons should 
decline in the next ten years. 

UC President David Gardner made an excellent point in his 
argument for continuing management of the labs. With the end 
of the Cold War, the focus of the labs will most likely change. It 
would be a shame, Gardner said, to back out of the labs now,just 
as new programs and research possibilities are emerging. A 
woIkable fusion reactor, for example, would provide unlimited 
energy to the world, and have incalculable benefits for the peace 
process. 

Additionally, the UC is a public organization. Therefore, its 
actions are at least somewhat more accountable to the public. 
Imagine, then, if the labs were managed by a pri vate corporation, 
such as McDonnell Douglas, or Northrop, or Lockheed, or 
General Electric, or any number of corporations relying on 
military contracts. 

If there was any doubt as to the competence of UC manage-
ment, it could be worse. As we have seen in the last few years, 
private companies have a tendency to defraud the govemment. 
Certainly, a nuclear research facili ty run by a research-oriented, 
public education organization is much more comforting than labs 
run by private corporations tolally unaccountable to the public. 

---------------------------------

The UCSD Guardian Friday, September 28; 1990 

COMMENTARY 

Putting It on Our Tab 
• In Matters of the Deficit and Budget Cutting, 
The U.S. Congress Becomes 'Jello-Like.' 
By Greg Dixon, Associate Opinion Editor 

To most people who pay attention to federa1 
politics, Monday, Oct. 1 is a velY important diy. 
This is the day that the Gramm-Rudman bu(Ipt cuts 
wiU go into effect. The only way to avoid these 
buge cuts in federal programs is for the Congress to 
reacb a compromise budget agreement for the next 
year. . 

After months of arguing and finger-pointing, the 
Congress is still not satisfied with the current budget 
proposals. But perhaps this is the best outcome we 
could hope for. 

America spends far too much. This nation has 
been living beyond its means for so long that huge 
deficits seem nonnaI to most of us. This must stop 
and stop soon, if America has any hope of retaining 
a leading economic position (some would say we 
already lost it) and to maintain respect in the world 
community. With this, most Americans would 
agree. 

What no one can agree on is where (0 cut the 
costs. Everyone wants someone else's programs to 
be cut. and this is where the problem gets really bad. 

The American goverrunent is an elected one. The 
problem is that in recent times this had led to an 
election mindset in most officials which ClIUIeS 
them to see only W1til the next election. 

The bottom line for congressmen is DOl what is 
best for the country, or even their own districts. The 
bottom line for them is re-election and in thls nation, 
re-election means that they need money. Most of 
this money comes from various interest groups and 
political action coouninees. 

Money has Ii very insidious effect on even the 
best men. In the case of the latest crisis over the 
budget, Congress is being caught in a web of money 
and special interest groups. A great deal of money 
must be cut from the budget, even with the Dem0-
crats proposed tax increases and no capital gains tax 
cut. Knowing this, every interest group from the 
Jsraellobby to the Idaho powo fanners are rushing 
to be sure that they are left W1toucbed. 

In the face of this onsJaught, Congress has 00 
way to cut spending without losing support from 
someone and thus is now paralyzed and unable to 
make the difficult decisions that they w~ eleckd to 
make. 

The lesson that the current crisis teaches us 
above all else is that the budget process must be 
refonned. We can no longer allow the prosperity of 
this nation to be held hostage to small groups 

covering their assets. 
Any new budget reform should include the 

t(lllowing steps to prevent future onlit1S of similar 
crisis. 

1\)e tilSl and most important is a balanced 
budget amendment to the Constitution. Congress 
has demonstrated for the last twenty years that it 
cannot discipline itself, and must be di5Ciplined by 
other means. 

The second is the outlawing of political action 

"America spends far too much. 
This nation has been living be-
yond its means for so long that 
huge deficits seem normal to most 
of us. This must stop and stop 
soon, if America has any hgpe of 
retaining a leading economic. 
position and to maintain respect 
in the world community." 

committee conttiburions to all national office 
elections. 

Lastly, the Congress should enact stiff penalties 
for any member who accepts money, directly or 
indirectly, from any organization which does 
busi~s with the U.S. government Or has a vital 
interest in programs to be administered by the U.S. 
government. 

While there is much more that needs 10 be 
done, and a complete revamping of the Congres-
sional budget system is needed, these would be 
excellent first steps. In fact, they have already been 
discussed by both Congress and scholars for many 
years and could be implemented if Congress were 
to show the political will to take responsibility for 
its own regulation. 

COngR$S has demonsttated ilS jeUo-like 
backbone in this year's budget discussion. At this 
point the best short term solution is for the 
mandatory cuts to be put into effect and for 
Americans to feel the full force of what happens 
when a spending policy is out of control. Maybe 
shock treatment will work when twenty years of 
sidestepping the question has failed. The only sad 
thing is that the people hurt most by the cut wiU 
be the ones with the least ability to adjust to them. 

Friday, September 28, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Commentary Is Full 
Of 'Nixon-Worship' 
Editor: 

I read with interest Opinion 
Editor Ben Boychuk 's massive 
piece of Nixon-worship in the 
August GuardialJ. 

Previousl y, I had aI ways thought 
an objective of GuardialJ opinion 
writers was to discuss either na-
tional is ues with a novel per-
spective or campus issues with any 
son of perspective. In my six years 
of writing for the Guardian, 1 had 
always understood that parroting 
Time, Mother JOlles, or political 
propaganda was frowned upon. 

Of course, a lack of perspecli ve 
has often cursed the Guardian, due 
to it s being a student-written 
newspaper. It shows in Boychuk' s 
simple quotation of the "Watergate 
was worse than a crime - it was a 
blunder" statement. The sentiment 
is not original with Richard Nixon. 

As near as I can determine, the 
remaIk was originally stated by 
Charles Maurice Talleyrand-
Perigord, sometime Bishop of 
Autun and often France's senior 
statesman. He was referring to the 
kidnapping and execution of Louis-
Antoine de Boubon Conde, Duc d ' 
Enghien, by troops under orders 
from Napoleon Bonaparte. 

The action included one inva-
sion of the independent Gennan 
state of Baden, one rapid transpon 
to Vincennes in France, one equally 
rapid court martial proceeding, and 
a firing squad one fine morning in 
1804. 

Historians debate the actual guil t 
of the Duc d' Enghien and the 
propricty of the charges an trial, 
but they seem to be united on two 
points: the invasion of Baden was 
flat out wrong and the action cre-
ated a media and political image of 
Napoleon as a regicidal maniac 
and state-supported terrorist. 

In a Europe politically domi-
nated by hereditary monarchies, 
this was the wrong image to have, 
especially if you wanted to make 
deals with monarchs. 

TaIley~d, like Nixon, isn't a 
model of moral rectitude and good 
ethical practice. In an encyclope-
dia of French history I found a flat 
statement that Talleyrand had 
"served six regimes and betrayed 
four," and had a reputation for 
bribery and corruption. He may 
have been a brilliant statesman, 
but that doesn' t mean you'd trust 
him to do the' right thing. Perhaps 
the same should hold for Nixon. 

Observing that other people 
have done bad things is hardly a 

REGENTS' BEACH 

~!>e~~ j:M CAA'5<\1N'o< 1J.II!. 
COI.I~," . ~ j: 
6ef~~ 
fV,NCOCK c»< M( 
MJP /9WP cm?? 

defense against criminal activities 
and the disruption of government 
processes for political ends. I'm 
referring here to Boychuk's cata-
log of wi retapppings committed 
by democrats (where 's the evi-
dence?). Just because Nixon was 
the only one to get caught doesn' t 
mean that he hould be let off. If 
that were legally valid, no one 
would ever go to jail. 

I'm not saying historical revi-
sionism is a bad thing, and good-
ness knows Nixon was one of the 
three best statesmen we've had in 
the White House since FDR (I 
believetheothertwowereKennedy 
and Carter). Boychuk de erves 
some credit for pointing out the 
man's abilities in that direction. 

In fact, historical revision is 
necessary if the truth is to be known. 
TheSovietUnionha been making 
startling revelations since 
Gorbachev took power, including 
acknowledging that Soviet forces 
were the true agents of the Katyn 
Forest massacres. 

However, there is a diffcrence 
between historical rev isionism and 
partisan whitewashing. I believe 
Boychuk bulldozed over that line 
and in the process wasted a chunk 
of news hole that could have been 
used for discussing campus issues. 

Rcb:~ L;craS 

South Africa 
Perspectives 
Editor: 

The recent wave of violence 
sweeping through the townships 
and homelands of South Africa 
reveals just bow complex any n~­
gotiated settlement to South 
Africa's democratic transition will 
be. Despite repeated calls by the 
de Klerk government, Chief 
Buthelezi, and others to end the 
senseless violence, over 350 
people have been killed in the last 
week alone. Evidently, power 
politics remains the name of the 
game among South Africa's black 
majority. 

The root of the problem lies 
mainly in the African National 
Congress ' insistence that it alone 
represents black South Africans. 
Nelson Mandela's inability, or 
unwillingness, to accept the le-
gitimacy of other black organiza-
tions - most notably the Inkatha 
Zulus - has split the black com-
munity apan , creating a political 
intolerance that has manifested 

We Want a Piece of Your Mind! 
The UCSD G-rdill" welcomes your letters and commentaries. Drop your letter at the 
C;-rdill" offices (on the second floor of the Old Student Center, above the General Store) 
or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor, GuIIrdilln, B-016, UCSD, La ]oUa, CA 92093 
~~ ~~nld !x tj~ dG~!c-!!~{~ "'1!.! ~h~~.!C! 1..'!~!W;!! a ~!~~t'.!!"!: !!"l1d a phone number. 
Unsigned letta's will not be printed. We reserve the right to edit for length and darity. 

itself in violence unparalleled 
since Beirut. 

Until Mr. Mandela realizes that 
politically motivated violence will 
not result in the coercion of other 
political groups to submit to the 
ANC's dominance, but instead 
will tear South Africa apart, there 
is lime hope of realizing the dream 
of a unified, democratic South Af-
rica. 

Scott II. Johnson 

E*r. 
The fact that some liberal mem-

bers of Congress are proposing that 
Nelson MandelabeawanledtheNobei 
Peace prize shows just how distoned 
the MandeJa myth has become. 

Among those claiming that Mr. 
Mandela "follows in the tradition of 
MahatmaGhandi,MaltinLutherKing, 
Jr., arxl other recipients of the Nobel 
Peace Prize," are Richard Gephardt, 
Speaker of the House Thomas Foley, 
William Grey, Ben Gilman. and Ro-
nald DeUurns. 

While no one can refute Mr. 
Marxlela's commitment to ending 
apanheid in South Africa, it is also 

clear that he is ooGhandi or King. Mr. 
MandeJa wa<I jailed for violent crimes. 
Even Amnesty liuema.riona! refused 
to recognize him as apolitical prisoner. 

MandeJa has admitted that his or-
ganization, the African National 
Congress, toI1UIed its own members 
when they did noc toe the ANC line. 
Even his own wife, Winnie, has been 
implicarcd in the beating and murder 
of 14-year-old Mokhctsi "Stompie" 
Seipei. 

Nelson MandeIa continually ad-
vocates the use of violence as an ap-
propriate means of political persua-
sion, refuses to talk with odler black 
leaders who do noc accept him as.Jhe 
only representative of black South 
Africans, and praises Fidel Castro for 
his "love ofhwnan rights and liberty." 

Surely those are not the values and 
traits that characterize a man worthy 
of the Nobel Peace Prize! Our legisla-
tors do an injustice to those who have 
received the prize by even suggesting 
that Mr. Mandela deserves such an 
honor. Nelson Mandela may be a 
crusader against apartheid, but he is 
not a beacon for peace. 

fHl6, WI"1H " L.l1'II£ 
~,eoTH 
~~~ 

~(Hj(£" 
~U<r 

uo<e 't#£1WD. 
~ Qurn;" 

Lf~! ... 
\ 

Lance E. Peters 

ByCAVNA 

~? 
tV 1'0 ... 

:r'M'IIE 
.o\MI1tlR . 

'IHE: ffl:f'!,> IN 
1J.£' ::IOIIN. 

( 

Just How 
Opinior.aled 
Are You 
Anyway? 

Do you have 
fantasies of bring the 
nat Art Buchwald? 
Geot:JC WiID William 
P. Buckley~ Jesse 
Jacbon~ Ben 

B.radlee~ 
Do you have an 

opinion? ,A", opin-
ion? 

Do you lilte to see 
your name in print? 

Of course you have 
an opinion! BUT 
HOW OPINION-
ATED ARE YOU? 
We want to know! 

The Gullrtlilln 
needs commentators, 
columninsts, and 
news analysts. 

No matter who 
you are, or what your 
political affiliation 
may be .•• if you can 
write, and you have 
an opinion, then . 
we're for you. 

And the best part 
is, you can GET 
PAID for your 
opinions. 

Sound interesting2 
Then come to the 
FIRST OPINION 
WRITERS MEET-
ING on MONDAY, 
OCT.l at: 5:30 aDd 
get more informa-
tion, or call BE at 
534-6582. 



• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

6 NEWS 

The IIOthe"'· Copy Center 

II" Self-Serve Macs II" Word processing 
"" Desktop Publishing 
"" Typewriters 

Expert Rssistonce R"oilobl. 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

25% Off : 
• 4 1 50 Aegvr.ts A:lrl< P,ow 

All Macintosh Servicul • La blkl 
: (By Ben & JellY'';') 

457· 1007 

Let Us Earn Our Stripes ! 

The UCSD Guardian 

The UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO, offers an inlen-
sive ABA Approved post graduate 14 week 
LAWYER'S ASSISTANT PROGRAM. This Program 
will enable you to pul your education to work as a 
skilled member of the team. 

Thursday, November 15,1990 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. 
Career Services Conference Room 

For more information 
contact your career center al: (619) 534-4939 
---t--~~D-----~;~;~~;~~~---

lJP lltll\t'rNly Room 31 8. Serra Hall San DIego, CA92110 Col ,\),jn DK:~p (619)260.4579 
Name _______________ _ 
Current Address _______________ _ 

City _______ _ State __ Zip __ _ 

Current Phone" ____________ _ 
Permanent Phone 1/ 

!his semes~r, 1flke some elecfues 
In communications. 

IntroducingAl&T 
Srudent Saver Plus. 

nus year itll be ~ ier 
to get through college. 
Because AJ(ff has put 
together a program of 
products and services 

that can save 
}UU money. 
Whether 

you live 
on or off 

campus 

I 60 minutes of 
1 •• • 

lOng d.Eiafiee. 
fur free. 
Movies. Videos. 
And more. 
furless. 

Just by choosing any Stu· 
dem Saver Plus program, }UU1l 
get up 10 60 minUtes of free 
long distanee calls. 'IDu'll also 
get a free roupon booklet 
~-_i>.. good for savings 

all around 
tOWCL 

Gabnelle Krelslt:r , SkKimore CoI lt!ge · C~ of 1991 

Keep your 
roommates 
in line. 

We'll separaLe 
)!OUr Jong distance 
caIl~ from your 
roommates' caJIs 
With A15r Call 
Mallager: And we1J 
do It for free. 

You don't need 
to wait till spring 

to get a break. 
With the AT{;T Reach 

Out' America P1an', )QU'lI 
get savings 24 hours a day, 

7 days a week. lncIudlI1g 
?j% off our already low 

evening PfKX!S':' 

, ....,-----'~ 
--,--.... - ---.~ 
_.... -

- - ---w. _ - .... ..... - . 

=~ = :E.. .. :=: 
-_. 

.. , 
_. 

-_. 
_ .. _ - !" 

...... _ .. -~. 

-

, .... ,.. . 
~: • .: ! 

.~­

.......... 

Gtllfrom 
anywhere to 
'J~ j('''- • anywhere. ~,. .... t ,1.t ~1J give }UU a 
,.... .. " \ it free A1&r Calling 
, Card, even if}UU don't have 

! 

a phone. So }UU'lI be able to 
make a call from almost any 
phone and have it billed 10 
}UU, \Vherever}UU live. 

To enroll in the A18(f Stu· 
dem Saver Plus programs mat 
are right for you, or to get the 
best value in long distance ser-
vice, call us. They just might 
be the most profitable electives 
youU ever take. 

I 800654-0471 Ex LI230 
AI~[ Helping make 
college Life a lillie easier. 

AM 
The right choice, 

Friday, September 28, 1990 

A.S.: Edson 
VetosRIMAC 
Resolution 
Continued from page 1 
for his veto. 

During the summer, Edson said 
he was asked by administrators to 
give the A.S. representative to the 
Campus and CommunilY Planning 
Committee (CCPe) a council posi-
tion on RIMAC. 

McKay said that an official posi-
tion needed 10 be established after 
she saw a definile plit among the 
council members during an A.S. 
council retreat. To remedy the situ-
ation, she authored the resolution. 

McKay added that she agreed 
wilh Edson 's decision to veto her 
resolution. 

Edson said that he considers the 
resolution a documenl of principle 
only. 

"The L wording of the resolution) 
is convoluted - it doesn't say any-
thing," Edson said, explaining that 
the original resolution was "drasti-
cal ly altered" through the five and a 
half hours it was debated by the 
council. 

The resolution cal led for the ad-
ministmtion to give aU outstanding 
grievances conceming the RIMAC 
election a " prompt, fai r, and im-
partial hearing." According to 
Edson, this had already been done. 

The grievances mentioned, the 
majority of which are complaints of 
alleged elections violations, were 
determined last spring 10 be invalid 

A Ithnl10h th". 1\ co T··,I; .... i~1 J:I;" .... ...,..1 
. __ ._~& .... ao ••• ·...,. JUUlV.U . ..... vwv 

has been petitioned to reevaluate 
the complaint, however, such re-
queslS have been denied. 

The other provisions of the 
resolution are meant as a afeguard 
against future tampering by the ad-
ministration on student referenda, 
Edson said. 

McKay said she feels differently. 
" RlMAC is not adonedeal in my 

opinion," McKay said . ''I've talked 
to the people who filed the 
grievances ... it has seemed fishy to 
me from the beginning." 

She said that while the A.S. 
Council agrees that the facilities are 
needed, the A.S. is taking wrong 
approach to obtain them. 

"I think there are still relevant 
issues that need to be addressed," 
McKay said She added that1fom 
the beginning of the planning pro-
cess lhe administration had "influ-
ence beyond an advisory role" with 
Ihe student funded facilities. 

"There is intense pressure from 
the faculty to nol addre s our con-
cerns - which J feel is absolutely 
disgu ting . .. student autonomy and 
control is not present," McKay stated 
in her report during Wednesday's 
meeting. 

"There are some members of the 
counciJ, who for Iheirown personal 
reasons, wantlotorpedo [RIMAC)," 
Edson said. 

"To say that studen were ma-
nipulated by faculty [during the 
planning process) is not a question 
of student empowennenl - it 's a 
question of student competence," 
Edson continued. 

The resolution will be rewrinen 
at the next regularly scheduled A.S. 
council meeting, at which time 
public input wi ll be in luded. 

hlon added lhat the public is 
invited 10 Ihe next A.S. meeting on 
WedneMiay at 6:30 p.m. on the third 
floor of the Price Center in the A.S. 
Meeling Room. 

Friday, September 28,1990 

PROJECT 

Electrical Distribution 
Network 

Shiley Eye Center 

USB Renovation and 
Seismic Correction 

Mandell Weiss Forum 
Theater 

Clinical Sciences Building 

Urey Hall Addition 

Aquarium Road 

Revelle Loop Road 

Thornton Hospital/Perlman 
Ambulatory Care Cenler 

UCSD Medical Center 
Tower Completion and 
Modernization 

Biology Field 
Station/Campus Services 
Complex 

Cenlral Library Addition 

Stephen J . Birch Aquarium 
Museum 

Sciences Building 

START 
DATE 

Started 

Started 

Started 

Started 

Started 

Started 

Started 

Started 

Started 

Started 

Started 

Started 

10/90 

Started 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

PROJECTED 
COMPLEnON 

1/91 

1/91 

4/91 

5/91 

7/91 

12190 

11 /91 

2192 

12/92 

6192 

9/92 

12192 

11 /91 

2/93 

STATUS, LOCAnON, PURPOSE, AND OTHER INFORMATION 

This undertaking, which is the reason for traffic control in five different 
locations on campus, will bring supply cables for 69 kilovolt service to 
UCSD's perimeter in addilion to contructing substation transformers, a 12 
kv swilching slation, and a modified distribution feeder system. 

This three-story ophthamology treatment center on UCSD 's East Campus 
is now 70% complete . The Center w ill inctude an outpatient clinic and 
exam facil ity in addition to labs and offices on 23,000 square feet of 
space. The roads connecting Campus Point Drive to the Center and 
around the future site of Thornton Hospital are now complete. 

Because it was declared earthquake-unsafe in the spring, work continues 
on the Undergraduate Science Building on 1he Revelle campus. The 
project includes seismic enhancement and strengthening, as well as 
laboratory remodeling . 

This project continues on the south side of campus, d irectly across from 
Mandell Weiss Theater. It will contain a 400-seat theater , practice rooms , 
and an instructional siudio. The theater will replace the Warren Theater, 
and will feature a wall of reflective glass 10 mirror the surrounding 
landscape. 

Research laboratories will comprise this building adjacent to the School 
of Medicine, two-thirds of which will be for the School of Medicine and the 
other third to be operated by the VA Hospital. 

When completed, this building south of Urey Hall will contain faculty 
offices for the Chemistry and Physics Departments. The shell is 
scheduled to be completed in December. 

The road which will stretch froQ'! North Torrey P ines Road to the future sit. 
of the Stephen J . Birch Aquarium-Museum has already met w ith a great 
deal of opposition from local residents who complained about the noise 
level of construction and the cutting down of trees. The road w ill eventuall 
connect with the Revelle Loop Road into campus and there will be a traffi. 
light at Aquarium Road and North Torrey Pines Road. 

Upon completion. the road will connect with Osler Lane to the east, and 
Scholars Road to the West. The construction - which is comprised of 
various components - includes widening the overall road, closing the 
entrance into UCSD via Torrey Pines permanently, and slicing out a 
portion of the Revelle Fields. 

These two projects will be located east of 1-5, near the Shiley Eye Center. 
Thornton Hospital will be a full-service community hospital operated by th, 
Medical Center, and the Perlman Ambulatory Care Center will be an 
outpatient and exam treatment clinic. The major building construction w ill 
go to bid in December. 

This $30-million-dollar project at UCSD's downtown medical center 
includes a seismic upgrade of the existing 11 -story tower, and sheer wall 
reinforcement at the stairwell and east and west faces of the tower. There 
will also be construction of a four-level ancillary and support services 
facility, in addition to a new elevator tower which will link the new building 
with the existing structure. 

Five phase project on the east side of campus by the 1-5 overpass, 
currently in Its fourth phase, covering over 150,000 total assignable 
square feet of space. The Biology Field Station will contain greenhouses, 
laboratories, administrative offices, storage space, and agricultural fields . 
The Campus Services Complex will supply space for service yards and 
parking spaces. 

Construction continues on this massive project in the heart of campus. 
The two-floor addition will house the collection from the Science and 
Engineering Library. in addition to a number of volumes from the 
overcrowded upper floor of the current structure. Construction forced the 
closure of the front doors on Aug. 6 . as well as the removal of a number 0 
eucalyptus trees. A temporary entrance is now open on the north side of 
the library. 

The proposed aquarium will be located on a hill north of Its current side at 
the S~ipps Institute of Oceanography, and will feature an 18,000 gallon 
kelp exhibition tank with ocean life from this area. The aquarium will also 
contain a museum with exhibits concurrent with research being 
conducted by the Scripps Institute of Oceanography, educalion space, a 
bookstore, and a large tide pool. 

This project, which goes to bid in December, will be constructed for the 
Biology and Chemistry Departments. The Sciences Building will primarily 
oontain research laboratories, wilh office space for faculty . 

Compiled by Phil Gruen. Graphic by Je" Quan. 



8 NEWS 

10 a~es pue d!l::> - a~es pue d!l::> - a~es pue dll ::> ;1 ,r 
1-6' ~ I 
I [GThe UCSD ~ 1 
1 ~ UARDIAN;I 
: b Internship Program ~ : 

I~ ro w ~ 
I~ The Guardian Internship Program is ~ c n) 
I~ for everyone who wants to write for .£ 13 I I the GuardIan but doesn't have I 
I~ Q) journalistic experience. Sessions are > 

'" I~ ~ run by a professional Journalist. ~ I~ c 
'" w Price Center Q. I~ 13 

I I Davis-Riverside Room I () Ol I=- Wednesday, October 3 > I~ n) 
I[ ~ 7 p.m. ~ c I(J) ro 

e! Q. L Clip and Save - Clip and Save - Clip and Save ~ "-
--------------

• 

The UCSD Guarclian 

" 

News Writers! 
Come to the Guardian 
offices Wednesday night 
at 5 p. m. for information 
about new stories, 
beats ... and money! Or 
call Jason, Rebekah, 
Mary Betty, or Melinda at 
534-5226. 

./ 

Grand Opening 

Sep~ber28,1990 

Is Something 
Happening That We 

Should Know About? 
Got a tip on a story? The Guardian isn't 
all-knowing. If there's something you 
think is newsworthy, deserves a feature 
story, or anything else that students 
might be interested in, let us know. Call 
the Guardian at 534-6580. 

• 

RENTING OFF-CAMPUS CAN 
GET YOU A FAILING GRADE. 

• 

If you're paying $467/mo. ren~ you could be owning at Pacific Beach. 
, ure, Mom and Dad don'( mind iXlppmg ror the renL But now }U U can show them a 

much beuer way to put that money to U'ie. One that <.':.111 abo get ,DU an e-arly jLU11P on 
.'iucc~ in a WJY you never thought p:)S.~ihle (i') a college srudem. By owning your fir.;[ 
home for leiS than ~ou're probably paying in rem. 

11lt~ Plaza at P'Jcific Beach no\\ ha.') beautiful one· bedroom condominiwll'i with 
monthly pa}menl" !>tanmg from ill,)(~'" ~<.lios and t\m·\)e(jrooms ~ abo av..lilable. 

And how\ thi::; for mughmg It' 111e Ix-arh b block') :tv,-ay. '(here's a 24·hour ~-'Curity 
gu:ml. K)ur ~'\\immlng puul:.. ~),b .Uld ~Wla.,. Five nighdigh(ed tel1Jll'i courtS. And the 
averJge price or a home in Ihl,) neighoorll(xxI is over 3OO,!XXl, ,K'(,'Ordlng (() a recent LA 
Times survey. 

1he Plaza at Patifit Beach. 111e new way or college living ror the '5X>s. 

From $79,900 
1801 Diamolld Street, Scm Diego · (6 19) 272-4]81 • Open daily 10 10 6 

CoastCo E1:dwil e Silk, Al,J(!1lI "¥OU CM 
An INVE57EC Detoopmelll [:]=-DIOM A ( /' a C I ri c H t' {/ ( II 

I \Jill,.' h l~'\I I '" .1 ~ .. \) '}I ~J holllll .11 ... 'l~. Inll'rl'" 101' Ilk: liN { mnlllh ... JnJ I! liN \t:Jr In..rut~\ IU'1''',"I',l'" 1)1 ~ H,'" ~h .. h 101 kilk ..... Pl1f'l. lPJI JoU Ulk'fl.~ '''JIlW' h ill \\'JI Jl.1,ll"Jhk· rJ'" I ~ hH \11 
\ .. ~ 'Jk:, H'l'll'''' 01.1'1', I,,.. , k1.Jll,., iifl IDlfllhh \ '\'11 " IJI.~ 1.."\ I't.l .mt.lIII\J'Jo.!llI( ,'rtl"\ Inl" dJrt" 14 puhtlt .1I1e ~l ...uhtt, I 14. P'l''' \.III.' ,~ 1M" JhtT lk.'JJl1f~: ,~ du\ l'thll()n 

• 

Friday, September 28, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

IS GIVING' AWAY MONEY 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with 
that special creative project! U.S. GRANTS 
funds projects for all majors. If you have 
any questions, call us at 534-3917 or stop 
by our office (second floor of the Price 
Center, behind Macls Place). 

We are now accepting proposals for 
Fall 190 grants. The deadline is 

Friday, October 5, 3 p.m.! 

UNDERGRADUATE 
ScHOLASTIC 
GRANTS 

CELEBRATING 10 YEARS OF SERVICE 
U C S D 
Back to School SPECIALS 
~ 

_oor- pe?l I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
H~ Mitsubishi Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 

Excellent references 'rom our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $35 *(reg. s55) 
1. Spark plugs Our tune up mcludes a /01 more Ihan olhers II JllCiuaes 
2. DIStributor points 6 Clean & replenish alillUld & all levels to. ::;hw< undercarnage lor damages 
3. Condensers 7 Check brakes 11. Cheo< ooohng system & hoses 
4 AdJusltlmmg 8.Checkclulch t2 Roadtest 
5. Adlust d .... ell angle 9. Check hghts 

, 2!~oint ~~Jp.!!e!~s~~eCial !?,~ ' 
2. Va"'e adjustment 11. Adjust brrong 2t . Check & replenish an 28 Check and recharge 

Replace: 12. Adjust dwell angle lIuld and Olilevel, bartery. Ii necessary 
3. Valve cover gaskel t3. Ad;ust carburetor 22. Check elelncal syslem 29 ROlate bres Iii needed) 
4. Spark plugs 14 Adjust steenng box 23 Check lor loose O"OSI 30. Check I"e pressure 
5. DlSlnbutor points 15. Adjus OJr & luel rallO ml' bolts 31. lube door h'nges 
6. Coodensers. t 6. Adlust clulch 24 Check brakes 32 C/leck all holders 
7 AIr IIlter. t 7. Adjust brakes 25. Check Clulch 33. C/leck ccoo.ng syslem & 
8.0I1Iiher, t8. Adjust emergency brakes 26. C/leck lights hoses 
9. Gas IIlter. and 19 Check & adtust e'posed 27. C/leck undercamage for 34 C/leck exhaust system 
10 Eng,ne oi be lts damages 35 Road lest 

20 lUbe Iront end 

Nm'F~6~I~C;~~pi~t; OCI2~t~8h~j;b5 $169 · 
We replace 

1. Transm,sSlOn mput shah seal (except 4 Throwout bearing NOle: Hydrauic pans are not covered. 
Hondas 5. Pilot beanngs Not lor 4WD. Frant wheel dnve exira 

2 PresslJre plate 6. New IransmsSlOll 011 
3 Clutch dISC 7. Road test 

Brake Job Special $39 "(reg. $80) 
Front Of rear. Brake fOb lfICiudes 

1. Install speaal new pads or Install rear brake shoes 5 Bleed enure brake system 
2. Dram old brake flUid 6 Adjust Irani (Ii drums) and rear shoes 
3. Inspeel complete hydraulic system 7. Replace fronl rotor seals (If rOlor tum I 
4 Rel~1 hydlaulic flUid 8 Road test 
Note HydraulIC ~ts are not lI'ICluded 

Brand new parts. Ask about our special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2·year or 20,OO().mile limited warranty. 

All prices include parts and labor. 

overse~~s ('mostcars) 
- ;U 8008 Miramar Rd. 695-1990 

AulDmOtive Repairs Olfer good tlvough Oct. 24 , 1990 W1th thIS ad. Call for appoinlment. 
•• d • • d.+ 

Towing and rental car available. Monday-Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm. Open Saturday 

Third College Public Service Option 
TEP 181A, B, and C 
Fall, '90 
This three-course seminar will consist of volunteering in local San Diego Public 
Schools, Students will be trained and supervised by TEP faculty_ The Public Service 
Option will satisfy one of the upper divisio~ , non-contiguous requirements for Third 
College students. Interested students should contact the Third College Academic 
Advising Office at (619) 534-4110 for more prerequisite information. The class meets 
on Tuesdays from 4:00-5:00pm in Galbraith Hall, room 1438. The course code is 
4957. This is an excellent opportunity to give something back to your community! 



10 FEAT URE 

thE cluB scenE 

LAGO Changes 
Name, Focus 
By Jeffrey Yamaguchi 
Associate Features Editor 

The scene. T w o men 
holding hand" onlookers 
snickering or maybe ju~t ~tar· 
ing. 

Tension is in the aIr. felt 
not only b} the two men 
holdmg hands, but by tht' on-
lookers as well . 

The members of the Les-
bian Gay Bisexual Associatlon 
(LGBA) "ould like to reduct' 
this kind of tension for both 
the gay and heteor~e.\ual 
communities at UCSD. 

LGBA has ,taned off the 
year\\lth a new name. 3> well 
a,> a re~tructuring of the 
orgalliz3tlOn s objectives. 
LGBA. formerl) called LAGO 
tLesblan and Gay Organiza-
tIOn). decided to make the 
name change in order to make 
the group more incl usive. 

Hln the past, tbe name 
LAGO turned away a lot of 
people from our organization 
because it seemed to be for 
people who identified eAclu-
sively lesbian or gay. We hope, 
by including the name 'Bi-
sexual: those who identify as 
b isexual or are not sure how 
they identify will be more in-
clined to come and c heck us 
o ut," said Tony Valenzuela. 
an LGBA member. 

LGBA. along w ith the 
IlaIne change. has redefined 
one of its m ain goals . 

" Before the goals were to 
provide lesbians. gays. and bi-
!>exuals with things lO do on 
campus in a safe environment. 
We are redef Uling those goals 
so that they include education 
and outreach." said Valenzu-
ela. 'That's our main change. 
We ' re focusmg more on edu-
cation and vi sibility." 

LGBA intends to educate 
both the gay community as 
well as the heterosexual com-
munity.Inotherwords,LGBA 
members want people to know 
what the group stands for. 

"We' re going beyond the 
gay, lesbian, and bisexual 
community and reaching into 
the campus community .... " 
added Steve Simmons. another 
member of LGBA. 

One of the reasons LGBA 
plans to educate the public is 
because of the social climate 
on campus. 

"Most [gay] people feel 
very intimidated here at 
UCSD. Two men can' t hold 
hands and walk across Revelle 
Plaza, two women can't kiss 
at the Price Center and feel 
comfonable. People s tare. 
people snicker, people make 
comments." said Simmon . 

According to Valenzuela, 
Simmons. andLGBA member 
C hell Mohamed, with the cur-
rentsocial cl imate. gay pe<>ple 
are more likely not to "come 
out." 

However. "the mo t effec-
See LGBA, Page 12 

E~ U RES 
The UCSD Guardiall Friday, September 28, 1990 

• • •• ...... , , 
•• • ••• • ••••••••• 

••••••••••• 
•••••••••••• ••• 
••••••••••••••••• 

••••••••••••••••••••• 
•• •• • •••• " .. ,'. - ...... . 

The Crook, 
The Thief, 

." . . . . . ... . .-. , . . . . 
••••••••• 
• .t ••••• 
•• I· • • • • , · , .... .. . 
•• • • • • • 
• • 

• Theft in the parking lot called the biggest 
problem on campus by police department 
By Julie PUlan 
Features Editor 

It can take a car thief only a few 
seconds to break into a car and drive away. 

It can also take j ust a few seconds to 
check the locks in the car. roll up the 
windows, install a club to the steering 
wheel . and turn on the car alarm. 

"Our biggest problem in theft is in the 
parking lot." said ofticer Alan Jenkins, 
crime prevention officer with dle UCSD 
Police Department. 

Last year alone. acwrdmg to Jenkins. 
135 mo to r vehicles (which Includes both 
cars and motQrcycles) were stolen. Auto 
burglary rate levd ed off at 163, In 
addition. 16 bicyc les were pilfered. 

The number of car and bicycle thefts at 
UCSD i on Ihe rise. 

"There are a number of rea ons for 
that. ... There are a Jot more bikes on 

campus every year. There are more cars 
every year .. .. If you look atlhe crime stats 
from the city of San Diego. the county of 
San Diego. or the state of California, just 
about everywhere bike theft is up. Just about 
everywhere car theft is up. It's a ... miniature 
city here. so it mirrors preuy much every-
thing else going on in the state and the 
country." Jenkins said. 

Although incidences of bike and car thefts 
are increasing, they can often be prevented. 

" What we're finding is that [students are] 
only using a cheap, $2 p;ldlock.,. to protect 
the bike. which is easily defeated .... If 
you 've got a nice. expensive bike, you've got 
to spend the money to adequately protect it." 
he said. 

"If you ' ve got a car. particu larl y a OIce 
car .... you ' re going to have to - like itor 
not - spend some extra money to either put 
an alarm system in. buy a club and put it on 

See CAR, Page 12 

You, 
and 
Your 

elongings 
• Students urged 
to insure their 
possessions 
By Julie Puzon 
Features Editor 

When Michelle' walked into her Pacific 
Beach apanment over the summer after a long 
day at work. a theft was what she least ex-
pected. 

"At first I thought my roommate was 
cleaning," she said. Then she realized the 
stereo was missing, along with other items like 
the TV and her phone. She called her room-
mate and then the police. 

"I was calm until I walked into my bedroom 
and found .that he had gone through my clothes 
and taken them .... Then I lost it." she said. 

Although this theft took place off-campus. 
UCSD is not immune to thievery and other 
crimes. According to officer Alan Jenkins. 
crime prevention officer with the UCSD Police 
Depanment. theft from the residence halls and 
on-campus apartments. as infrequent as they 
are. do happen. 

"We always have a few. but. s urpri~ly. 
the theft from the dorms and residentiaf'areas 
are generally pretty low. I. .. contribute a lot of 
that to the fact that there are security guards on 
at night every night in the residential areas." he 
said. 

" ... The little theft that we do have out at 
the dorms is generally contributed to people 
leaving their doors unlocked .... Every once in 
a while we'll have a burglary in the residential 
area. but, unlike a lot of college and universi -
ties where residential areas have real problems, 
we don't seem to have much of a problem [in 
this area]." Jenkins said. 

Yet. those items which are stolen or 
damaged are not covered by the university. 
According to the UCSD housing contracts. 
neither the university. nor its employees or 
agents are responsible for the loss or damage of 
personal property kept on campus. 

Therefore. students living both on- and off-
campus are urged by authors of lhe Fifth 
College residence life handbook to check their 
parents' homeowner ' s insurance policies to see 
whether or not they are covcred . 

Pally Lombard. executive director of the 
Los Angeles branch of the [nsUJance [nforrna-
tion Institute (1.1.1.). says that most 
homeowners policies basically cover any 
propeny the re idents take with them around 

See INSURE, Page 11 
• Not her real name 

Friday, September 28, 1990 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 11 

Q & A : Do You Feel Safe on Campus? 

Rupert Cervantes John Wang 
Fifth College, Junior Muir College, Sophomore 
Political Science Biochemistry 

"UCSD offers a safe "Have they caught the 
and productive envi- Claire mont killer? I 
ronment. I don't feel don't feel safe at all. At 
there are any threats least we have 534-
to me." WALK." 
Photographs fIld Intel ..... by BrIM Monts 

INSURE 
ContInued from page 10 
the world. However. there are re-
strictions. 

Homeowners' policies will 
typically cover property not in the 
home up to 10 percent of the con-
tents coverage of the home. This 
may mean about $5000 if the par-
ents' home is insured for $1 00.000. 
Cash. jewelry. computers. and 
other high-priced items should be 

covered in a personal article insur-
ance policy. which can be attached 
to the parents' homeowner' s in-
surance. 

Students may opt for a renter' s 
policy. An article appearing in In 
View magazine states that each 
roommate has to be insured sepa-
rately in the renter ' s policy. These 
policies can run from $1 00 to $150 
a year, with a $250 deductible (the 
money which the policy holder 
agrees to absorb on a claim.) 

Financing 
Your Education 
Can Be A 
Balancing Act. .. 
Talk To Us 
About A 
Student Loan! 

• Fast • Local 
We dare olher lenders ro beat us! 
If you need special help, we 
aren't. a vague voke in ew York 
or SacrJl11ento. \'Vc'fL' here and 
wt: Iidp. 
FREE CREDIT UNION 
MEMBERSHIP! 

We: waive your I11cmhershir fee 
and you enjoy oUl<;tanding Finan 
cia I sen ices from any of 22 
countywide branch icx':.llions. 

all us for mort: info <lIXlul 

Stafford, SLS, or PLUS 
546-2063 

or ask your Financial' Aid DqxlJlm 'nt 

L' Mission Federal Credit Union 
SfIMllG THE lDUCAllllllAl. CO .... UIIIT. 

"The Student Loan Store" 

Lisa Schwarz 
Muir College, Freshman 
Undeclared 

"I don't feel safe at 
night. The dorms are 
okay, but when I go 
out, I go with 
someone." 

Students should also check to 
see if the policy they have or are 
planning to get covers replacement 
or the depreciated value. Although 
most policies will replace items. it 
should be made clear so that there 
will not be any misunderstandings. 

"People should make sure that 
they ' re getting the [replacement 
coverage] .... [They) might think 
they're getting it. but they ' renot.. . . 
It is not substantially more money 
to buy [replacement coverage]," 

Greg Rosen 
Warren College, Senior 
History 

"Yes, without question. 
There aren't very many 
incidents on campus. 
The CSOs do a great 
job." 

Lombard said. 
Aside from insurance, there are 

other ways to protect belongings. 
Some tips include: 

• Don ' t go anywhere without 
locking your door. 

• Engrave identification num-
bers on TVs, stereos. and com-
puters to aid the identification of 
recovered propeny. 

• Store jewelry. cash and blank 
checks in a saft' place. Don't leave 
them out in the open where ev-

Linda Fong 
Warren College, Freshman 
Bio Engineering 

"Sure. I go around with 
friends. I feel safe." 

eryone can see them. 
• Make a list of all your valu-

ables andlteep their receipts. It can 
aid in filing a claim. 

• Never leave valuables unat-
tended when at the library. When 
at the bookstore. secure backpacks 
in the lockers. Many back backs 
and other personal belongings are 
reponed stolen at the library and 
bookstore. 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free consullalion and i71iliallrealmetll 15 mill . 120 vaille. Firs/-lime clients DIlly.) ' 

Eyebrows 
Upper Up 

CIin 

Underarms 
Breasl 

SJomach 
Bikl", Line 

Fingers 
legs 
Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American M.:di<.:al Association 
approwd Il1dhods for problem 
cases and S<!nsitive skin 

• Medical and cosmelic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female stafT, Slale lic. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
LajoUa vtUage Professtollal Cetlter Bebi lld Elepha ll t Bar 
8950 Villa Lafol/a Dr. Sic . 2121 

THE CATHOLIC 
COMMUNITY AT UCSD 
Will celebrate the beginning of another year 

MASS OF THE HOLY SPIRIT 
Sunday, September 30 at 5 p.m. 

at the Revelle Sculpture Garden (Stonehenge We t) 

Our regular Mass Schedule resume 
the follOWing weekend: 

Salllrdavat p.m. 
Sunday at 8:30 a.lll .. 5 and 9 p.m. 

\h .... ".n l " k· ... l l .. ,I '\, -0 IIltU"Wl If,,hl 1111" "1 \\11",11 II." 'oC.-H\'\llltl \· I' ... . II.un.11 \ '011 1111111111\ , .. ' III IM'~II ( ' MII\I \ 
lUi 111, ,, ,",11. 111 .l l,,,.U'\.1 "lIMun Itil, .... '\'nll ~ ""l\ltlto"'" ukl ..... ·l"\tH ..... "Io]"I I •• d .. III)., ... 

91/1 E allhc 
Universily Lutheran Church 
comer of orlh Torrey Pines Road 
and La lolla Shore Drive 

\11 N\.Ul' " II.,.." Ifl t 1",1" .11'1114''0\.11 



12 FEATURE 

We'll slvc 
1. The best In sUJOen~~let 

51rtarcs TO ANYWHEREI 
I. AU Eurailp-'S5Cs iSsued ON 

THESPOn 
1. IntcmotioMl Student Identity 

cards iSsued here. (We even 
take the picture I) 

4. ATMOSPHERE. 
S. Otx agents Me travel experts. 
6. WE ME RIGHT ON CAMPUSI 
7. The best trllVel scar end 

travcl guides sold here. 
L Hostel Cards Issued here. 
9. WorldHide adventure tours. 

10. l«lguage end Worlc Abreed 
programs. 

DOES THAT ANSWER 
YOUR QUESTION? 

Council Trawl 
UCSD PRICE CENTER 

(MlO¥'c the Informatlon booth) 
451·0630 

• 

• 

• 

• 0 

• 0 

0/ 
0 f • 

0 

• 
o 

• 
• 

• 

• 
• 
• 

The UCSD Guardian 

$60,000 SCHOLARSHIPS 
AVAll4ABLE 

Smart college freshman apply for the Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps 
(NROTC) Four-Year College Program to launch their careers. It could lead to an 
NROTC scholarship. 

Upon graduation you'll be comissioned a Navy officer-a professional career you can 
be proud of. 

TIle NROTC program is highly competitive, and applications must be submitted 
early . Your transcripts and SAT/ACT scores must be submitted when applying. 

NAVY ROTC 
You are Tomorrow. 
You are the Navy. 

Contact Lt. Navarro, USD 260·4811 

o 

• 

Com.e He!p Us Celebrate Our Grand Opening 
. ~ 

Stop by and get to know us at the UCSD Student Credit Union . 
We offer accounts and services tailored to meet the everyday finan-
cial needs of UCSD student . And we are conveniently located on 
campu in the old Student Center. 

... 

We can help you with every a pect of your finances: 

• Low-Cost Checking • 

\ • • No-Fee Savings • FREE ATM Card and Access • 15 .9% VISA 
• Personal Lines of Credit 
• Auto Loans 
• Account Access by Phone 24-Hour a Day 

We want to be your financial resource. We're the only financial 
institution where you'll find students helping students. 

And we've got the welcome mat out for you during our grand 
opening celebration September 17 through October 5. 

<1 
0 

• 

', . 

• 
• 

o 

• 

o 

• 

• 

Localed ill the Swdellt Center (619) 5J4·H220 • I NCUA J L-'--- --

Friday, Septemher 28, 1990 

LGBA 
Continued from page 10 
live way to ... change the social 
climate is for gay people to come 
out," said Valenzuela. "Coming 
out," he said, means to accept one's 
bisexual, gay, or l e~bi"n sexual 
orientation on one of many differ-
ent levels of acceptance. 

Accordingto Mohamed, LGBA 
hopes that through education , the 
heterosexual community will see 
that gay people "are not aliens from 
another planet." 

As for the people in the gay, 
lesbian, and bisexual community, 
according to Valenzuela, LGBA 
hopes to "make it easier for [them) 
to come out." 

On Oct. 2, LGBA will hold its 
firs t event, a social. From 4 p.m. 
until 5 p.m. members as well as 
non-members can get together at 
the Revelle FOimal Lounge to so-
cialize. 

Aside from the socials, which 
are nonnally held every other week, 
LBGA plans to have one big event 
every quarter. 

Fall quarter 's big event will be 
on National Coming Out Day , Oct. 
II , in honor of the Oct. 11 ,1987 
march on Washington D.C. for gay, 
lesbian, and bisexual rights. Al-
though activities for the Oct. II 
event have not yet been decided, 
on Oct .12, the film " Victor, 
Victoria" will be shown at 8 p.m. 
in SLH 107, and on Oct. 13, a non-
sexist danee is going to be held at 
the Che' Cafe from 9 p.m. until I 
a.m. According to Mohamed, a 
non-sexist dance is where "you're 
welcome to dance with whoever 
you want." Simmons added, 
"sexual orientation is not an issue." 

"We would like to give every-
one an opportunity to know us," 
said Mohamed. 

CAR 
Continued trom page 10 
the steering wheel, [ or] get some 
kind of ignition cut-off system .... 

"And you don't have to have a 
fancy, expensive, brand-new car 
for it to be a target. You'd be 
surprised at the cars that are sto-
len .... When it comes down to it, 
just about any car could be a tar-
get. .. of auto theft," Jenkins said. 

Foreign cars seem to be the 
target more often th. domestic 
car~. Toyotas were the most fre-
quently stolen car last year. 

"Like any car, they're worth 
more in parts .... Whether a foreign 
car is easier to steal than an 
American car, I don ' t know ... . I 
think a lot of [the reasoning behind 
its higher theft rate is] because of 
demand. And there are a lot of 
foreign cars." 

The Insurance Information 
lnstitue has more tips to deter auto 
theft: 

• Invest in a steel bar lock to 
connect the steering wheel and 
brake pedal. 

• Consider buying a burglar 
alann. 

• Always lock the car doors, 
close the windows and take the 
keys with you. 

• Keep valuable items in the 
car, such as stereos, out of sight. 

r·· --_. _. -_. --" 
_ Stories about_ 
: Fish Heads, kill er: 
_ baskets that uck blood , or _ 
_ anything creative that reads _ 
- as a story now being accepted -
: atlhe Guardian for a new ad- : 
.. dition to the features ection. 6 
, .. ---_. _. _ ... " 

• 

Friday, September 28, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

L ig hts & Si ren S From the UCSD Police logbook. 
September 19: 
• A staff member reported the theft of a computer and a laser printer from the Basic 
Sciences Building. The equipment is valued at $5,285. 
September 20: 
• A staff member reported the theft of a computer and a laser printer from Scripps. 
The equipment is valued at $7,100. 
An officer reported a vehicular assault against a parking representative. 
• A 22-year-old student was arrested for obstructing a police officer at the Triton 
Pub. 

September 21 : 
• A CSO suffered minor injuries from a bicycle accident on Meyers Drive. No 
treatment was required. 

September 23: 
• A student reported the theft of a work of art from the Price Center Ballroom 
hallway. The stolen art is valued at $6,100. 
• A staff member reported the theft of a blue 1986 Porsche 911 from Lot 101 
between 4 p.m. and 10:30 p.m. 

September 24: 
• A student reported the theft of a teal green 1988 Nissan Stanza from lot 102 
between 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. The car is valued at $18,000. 

- Compiled by Kent Korzon 

Ie 4 S7UBY 
D-'VE STEW-'RT 

AND THE DAVE STEWART 
SPIRlnJ.u COWBOYS 

• Party Town _ 
• Love Shines _ 

- . 

AND THE SPIRITUAL COWBOYS 
The solo debut album from the Eurythmics' 
Dave Stewart features "Party Town" from 
the new Columbia Pictures film Flatliners, 
and much more. 
11.99 CD 7.99 CASS 

EVERY MOTHER'S NIGHTMARE 
A nightmare that'll wake, shake and stir you 

with their unabashed mixture of thrash metal 
and southern boogie. So turn the lights down-

and the volume up. The nightmare has just 
begun. 11.99 CD 7.99 CASS 

-

EVERY MOTHER'S 
NIGHTMARE 

D,., TIle River 
"",lilt,,, 

- Big Black Bag • 

MICHELLE MALONE 
AND DRAG THE RIVER 

- Long Love Century -
- Inlo The • Fans, critics and radio agree that the time 

is ripe for Relentless. Backed by her gutsy 
band, Michelle Malone meshes subtlety with 
intenSity and the result is rock & roll realism. 
11.99 CD 7.99 CASS 

URBAN DANCE SQUAD 
Do not be fooled by their name. Urban Dance 

Squad rock to the core with a unique, hybrid 
style that connects elements of alternative, hard 
rock and metal with raw rap and R&B overtones. 

11.99 CD 7.99 CASS 

URBAN DANCE SQUAD 
-NoKid . 

- Deeper Shade Of Soul. 
• Fastlane-

OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT· 365 DAYS A YEAR SALEE_ OCToeEII 2, 1110 
~~~~ ~~~ 

ELCAJON 
796 Fletcher Parkway 

across from PartMay Plaza 
OP.N to AM TO to PM 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 

VIDEO 
3393 Kemper 51. 

MUSIC VIDEOS 
VIDEO SAlES & RENTALS! 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Cajon Blvd. 

next to Art 51. Post Off. 

NEWS 13 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

C ALL TODAY FOR MORE INFORMATION 

695-2255 

Asthma 
or 

Allergies/Hay Fever? 

Asthma 

MEDICAL EVALUATION AND CARE 
BY BOARD CERTIFIED ALLERGIST 

AT NO COST TO YOU 

• 21·week study of investigational asthma medication 
• Symptoms of wheezing, chest tightenss, coughing or 

shortness of breath 
• Must be 12 or over 
• PAYMENT OF UP TO $700 TO QUALIFIED PARTICIPANTS 
Allergies/ Hay Fever 
• One week.study of investigational nasal spray 
• Hay fever sYmptoms (runny, stuffy, itchy nose or 

sneezing) 
• Must be · bet'!'le~n . ages of 18 and 60 
• PAYMENT OF UP TO $80 TO QUALIFIED PARTICIPANTS 

CaU 271-1690 
CUmcal Research Institute, Inc. 

NEW FOR FALL QUARTER 

ANTHROPOLOGY COURSES 
AN 157 Dreams and Culture 
prof. Bilu Hh 8:30·9:50 MAC 4 13·1 
The dream a~ psychocultural phenomenon. 
AN 186 E"'nopsychiofry 
Prof. Bilu Tu·Th 1 :00·2:20 WMH (P&L) 11 I 
Cultural sysfems and abnormal behavior. 
AN 189. AnIItropoJogy aI DeviGnce 
prof. Farley MWF 9:00·9:50 WLH 2204 
Problems of explaining deviant behaviors across cultures. 
NOTE: Anlhoopology 165 Approaching the 50crwd has been cancelled • 

BIOLOGICAL 
ANTHROPOLOGY COURSES 
ANTH/B 138 8iocv1tuta1 Perspedives on Health ana Diseose 
Prof. Norconk MWF 1 :00· 1:50 TCHB 148 
Biological and cultural views on heallh and disease in developed and 
developing counfries . 
ANTH/B 171 History 01 Evolutionary Theory 
(Intensive reading course of Bio-Anlhro Majors) 
Prof. Norconk Tu·Th 1:00·2:20 H&SS 2089 
A diredlld studies CXlU~ See DEPARTMENT for special prerequisiles. 

DEPARTMENT OF ANTHROPOLOGY H&SS 8009 (534'4145) 



14 NEWS 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

Twehe week study Involves dally 
application of lotion m skin and 

monthly vi its for evaluation. 

Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
If interested, call 534·4955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534·6847. 

SU?E~SiI\i1 
AUDIO RECORDING STUDIO 

Professionally record any song from our 
selection of more than 200 songs in our 
soundproof studios. For groups of 4 or 
more, each person gets their own copy of 
the recording for just S4.95 NChI 

SUi'E~ S'\'UDlOS 

3146 Mission 81. Ste, 'C' 
Belmont Parl<.in front of the Roller Coaster 
488·9480 

MAGAZINE PORTRAIT STUDIO 
With oyer 20 different magazine oovers to 
choose from, you can be a high fashion 
model, a professional spons s1ar, a 
financial tycoon, or just about anyone you 
want to bel All covers are axl0 glossies 
and take less than 10 minutes. 10% OFF 
with your student ID, 00 it today I 

D Guardian 

an w surv Ive death? 

Who really was Jes us? 
Does science disprove 
religion? 

O · '( oes It ma tter .... 
We think ~o , Ikginning September 2.1, cach Sunday from 5·7 p,m .. 

)Ou can gettogetlicr with other\ 10 loo\.. in to the~e and related 

que ~li on~ , Thc~e sc,sion~ will be .iu~ t a ~ honest as your questions, 

~nd you need not be a "church person" 10 come. In fac l , you may 

t!njo them more if YOll're nol. 

Interested? .. 
Call 23~ -2 697 for direc t ions, transporta tion or i nform ation on 

lIon es l Question s, 
Ho sted by: San DieFo Japanese C hri stian Church 

1920 ' E Street 
San Diego, C A 92102 

Move 10 years ahead of the class. 

p v 

MIN ••• ' •• ·IM.I,"11'4 

The new HP 48SX and 
a free 'library card' can 
get you there. 
With over 2JOO built·in functions, our 
new HI' 18SX Scientific Expandable 
cah.:ulator takes a quantum leap into 
t hI' 21st n'nt ury Buy an lIP 4RSX 
bpt w('{'n August 15 and Oetobcr 15, 
HI!lO, and HI' wlll send you a ffloe 
III' Sol\p I':quallon Library card (a 
$H!l!J.i l'l'taiJ valul'). 
Thl' plug' lIl application card alon(' 
('011 tams mort' than !J()() s<'i('n< '(' and 

('n~i:1e('rillg ('quations, as well as 
th(' p<'Tlodic tab le, a constants' library, 
and a multi equation solver. It's lik(' 
having a stack of re ferencE' books righ t 
at you r fUlgerti ps. 
Th(' I( P 48SX calculator i so advanced, 
it will change the way you solve prob 
lems fOl1'ver, It mtegrates graphics 
with calculus, lets you enIPrpquations 
the way you wri te them, and dues 
a utomatic unit management. 

h ck your 'ampus bookstore or liP 
re taile r for II P':; range of calculators 
and special hack-to-school offers. 
Then check out thE:' calculators that 
ar y 'ars ah ad of their class. 

Th re is a b tter way. 

rhO- HEWLETT 
a!~ PACKARD 

Friday, September 28,1990 

SITE: Mile 
High Field 
Chosen for 
RIMAC 
Continued from page 1 
said. 

The sport facility, which will 
require six acres ofland, was origi-
nally planned to cover only four 
acre . "With the expansion [from 
2500 seats to 5000] we needed six 
acres," Quigley said. 

According to Quigley, the space 
was increased because of student 's 
request for concert space. 'The re-
sulting expansion had not only 2500 
more seats but also improved sound 
and lighting capabilities. 

The site at Mile High Field may 
be expanded in an "L " shape to 
encompass a portion of the parking 
lot adjacent to the supercomputer in 
order to accommodale the building' s 
size, according to Boone Hellman, 
assistant vice chancellor of Facili-
ties, Design, and Construction. 

Quigley added that "the geogra-
phy of site D will allow us to push 
things into the hill,"allowing for 
flexibility in the building's design, 
so that the architects can maximize 
space. 

As for the facility's parlcing ca-
pabilities, Hellman admitted that 
"parking for RIMAC itself has nol 
yet been decided. Some feel that 
parking may be a reasonable addi-
tion 10 RlMAC, but no t funded by 
RlMAC." 

Quigley felt that parking will nOI 
be a great concem in the fulu.re 
because "many of [RIMAC's] us-
ers are already on campus. And in 
the fulure there are going to be park-
ing garages." 

Anotherconcem about thechoice 
of sites was its proximity to the 
center of campus. This was of greal 
importance to the CCPC, who were 
afraid that the facility would disrupt 
campus life in all five colleges. 

However, Quigley contends that 
"thi s was the site that we felt took 
into consideration all problems 
brought up." 

oise from events "will have 10 
be handled by the Events staff .. . 
[but it] is something that our archi-
tect is aware of. [parkin] has done 
studies on boundaries and buffer 
space [for RlMACJ," ~igley said. 

What's the 
best place 
to find all 
you need 
to know 
about 

UCSD? 

Read the 
GIIomian. 

• 

Friday, September 28, 1990 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Tne first week of instruction brought a throng of students to the 
Price Center Plaza. 

, 

, 

LOOK FOR 

JRSUSJIES 
ON TOUR NOW! 

S~lE ENDS OCTOBER 2, 1990 
O,.N._ TO MIDNIGHT · 365 DAYS A llAl 

lOWiR "(CORnS \ ~\niO 
ELCAJON 

796 Flelcher Parkway 
across from Parkway Plaza 

OP1EN to a M T O 10 ~ 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 

VIDEO 
3393 Kemper 51 

MUSIC VIDEOS rlcx~ ... ..,.... VIDEO SAlES & RENTAlS! 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Calon Blvd. 

ne.t to Art 51. Poat Off, 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 15 

RES E R V E OFFICERS ' TRAINING COR P S 

OPPO TU I Y 
KNOCKS ON 0 000 

FI ST. 
Why? Because Army ROTC teaches you the lead-
ership and management skills you need lor succe3S 
- in college and in bfe. . 

Find out more. Call Major Stan Metzger at 
(619) 594-4943. 

ARMY ROTC 
m SMAllTESTCOIJ.EGE COOISE YOU WfTlIE. 

Parking & Transportation 
Services welcomes you to UCSD 

ONLY 

-

We would like to remind you that there is no free parking on campus. All vehicles 
(including motorcycles and mopeds) need to have a permit or be parked in a paid meter. 
Purchase your annual or quarterly student pennit at the Cashiers Office, 401 MAAC, 
8:30 a.m, to 3:00 p.m. , Moqday through Friday. 

Mail-in permit orders may be picked up at Parking, 400 MAAC, 8:00 a.m. to 4 :00 p.m., 
Monday through Friday. 

STUDENT PERMIT PRICES: Annual Student "S" $198.00 per year 
Quarterly Student "SQ" $66.00 per quarter 

PlfASE BEAR WITH US! 
Some campus roads may be subject 10 temporary closure 

or traffic interruption due to construction. 

If you have Parking questions, give us a call at 534-4223. 

The TRANSPORTATION AlTERNAnYES OFFICE has been busy 
over the summer developing new programs and services for your 
transportation need . 

Ride our new Campus dual-loop shuttle 
Pick up a FREE local area bus pass at 406 MAAC 
Ask about a Transportation Alternative parking permit 
Find out about our new carpool program 

Look for our display booths on ReveJle Plaza and at the Price Center, lO:OO a.m. to 2:00 
p.m., September 24-28. Make ure to mark October 3rd on your calendar for the "All 
Campus Commuter Fair" at the Price Center. 

Please top by our new office at 406 MAAC, :OO-am. to 4:30 p.m., or call us at 534-RIOE. 



-1 

SPORTS 
------------- ---------

16 SPORTS 

• BGIF: Incredibly Only 
Women's Volleyball 

Although BGIF (Blue and Gold In-
credible Friday) u ually feature a day 
filled with highly -ranked UCSD 
intercollegiate teams pitied agamst arch-
rivals or other national contenders, this 
year's lone event is the women' vol-
leyball match. 

After this afternoon's TGIF concen 
by The Dead Milkmen on the gym step. 
the Triton will take on Cal State Los 
Angele at 7 p.m. in the main gym. 

BGIF, a even-year-old tradition in 
the making, is the only event besides 
'Spirit ight' during the basketball 
season that specifically highhghts 
Intercollegiate athletic events at UCSD. 

La~t vear'howcaseevents featured 
three then-defending champions, men' s 
so cer, men'~ water polo, and women'!. 
volleyball. 

Although all three teams lost that 
da). crowds for the events were the 
largest of theeason. Women's volley-
ball drew over 1500 spectators, water 
polo filled the tands with an eAce s of 
900 people, and more than 500 rooted 
for men's soccer. 

According to UCSD Spons Infor-
mation Director Bill Gannon, this year's 
BGTF was also to feature a women's 
soccer game, but the cheduled opponent 
cancelled the match. 

Additionally, this year marks a return 
to playing the women's volleyball match 
after the concen on the steps, a direct 
result from the chaos of The Untouch-
ables concert after the BGlF match in 
1988. 

SCORES AND STATS 
Scores and statistics for UCSD athletic 
events for the period of 9-24 to 9-27 
MEN'S SOCCER 
(So2-1, ranke<l.hcth nationally) 

'-,eso 2 UC I""oe 0 
Goals NUllIng (Legg) 68;56. Gerllartll (Powell) 89;02 

WOMEN'S SOCCER 
(.'-1, r .... ked MCOnd nationally) 

UCSO 0 CSU OofTlngUU H,lIs 0 (On 
UCSOl USIUO 
Goall: "'111118)1 (lindsay) 79:58 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 
(1~, ,_ 1m natlo .... ly) 

UC A/Wltslde d. UCSD lH. t6-t4. t 1-15. 15-8 
UCSO kills: Van Ouyne 16 

UPCOMING EVENTS 
HOME EVENTS IN BOLD 
Games from 9·28 to '0-5 

WOMBI'S SOCCER 
Monday. 7 p.m .. at Chapman 

WOMEN'S VOLlEYBAU. 
tonight, 7 p.m., ... cat ~ I.oe ~ 
satlJrday. 7.30 p.m. at Chapman 
~,7p.m., ••. _ 

FrkIIIy, 7 p.m., VI. cat POly PorMM 
MEN'S WATER POLO 

to .. ghl. 7 p.m .. at San Francisco Olympic CiJb 
Sat.. Sun .. a~ day. NarC.1 roum.amem at Slanfon:I 
FrtcIIy, 7 p.m., v •. loyOla ~ .. 
CenyonvIew 

EXTRAMURAl. FIRST TEAM IIIEET1NGS 
.... I..-lngo I" tIM ~ eon_1\oom 

COEO SAJI.!NG: Monday. Octob4or r. 8 p,m. 
COED SUIIf\NG: ThurscIay. October 4.7 p.m. 
MEN'S RUOSY, W_y. October 3. 7 p.m. 
COEO CYCUNG: Wednesday. October 3,8 p.m. 
MEN'S VoCROSSE: _ay. Odobet 1.6 p.m. 
WOIIEIfS LACRoesE: MondaY. Octob4or 1.7 p.m. 
COED'-!MII RACING: W04nHday. ~ 3. 
6 p.m. 
WATEIISI<I T£AM: MondaY. Octob4or 8, 8 p.m 
ICE HOCKEY TEAM: Monday, October 8. , p.rn. 
tA. TIIoIATE DISC TEAM: Wednes<lay, October 10. 
Sp.rn. 

The UCSD Guardian Friday, September 28, 1990 

Tritons Not. _Fit to be Tied 
• After Monday's scoreless tie with CSU 
Dominguez Hills, the women's soccer team 
avoided a second-straight OT match with a 
late rally for a 1- 0 win Wednesday at USIU 
By Chris Zaharias 
Staff Wflter 

For those of you who have never witnessed binh, head out to a UCSD 
women's soccer game. 

Now that seven seniors from last year's national championship squad 
have moved on to post-college pastures, a whole new team is emerging 
under the wing of Triton Head Coach Brian McManus. 

Against CSU Dominguez Hills on Monday, and United States 
International University on Wednesday, the slow but steady creation of 
another national Champion-quality team could be seen a the McManus-
led Tritons learned the value of down·to-earth play .. 

Greg Benes/Guardian 
Karin Lindsay scored the winning goal against the Gulls. 

Against the only team to mar la t year's 19-1-1 season, Division IT 
national runner-up CSUDH (3-4-1). the Tritons (6- 1-1) had trouble 
controlling of the ball, often looking skyward on headers and sailing 
kicks, when ball trapping and hort kicks were more in order, according 

See W. SOCCER, Page 19 

Volleyball 
Downed 

I in Four 
• UC Riverside, ranked third 
nationally in Division II , 
breaks UCSD's five-match 
win streak 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

Ah youth! 
It can be a boon or a boondoggle, a plus or 

a minus, a high or a low. 
Tuesday night at UC Riverside, UCSD's 

youthful women' volleyball team experienced 
the negative end of this scale, as it los! a close 
match 10 the Highlanders 15-6, 16- 14, 11- 15 
and 15-8. 

Although the scores may indicate other-
wise, the Tritons (7-3) had several chances to 
take control of the match eut were unable to 
conven. 

"They 'Neren ' t unbeatable," Triton Head 
Coach Doug Dannevik said. " If a couple of 
crucial points had gone our way, we could 
have won the match." 

Things didn ' t seem so rosy for the Tritons 
early in the evening, as UCSD got pounded 
15-6 in the first game. 

"We were very quiet at first," Dannevik 
said. " We weren't communicating with each 
other ... we weren't calling each other off of 
shots." 

See W. V-BALL, Page 22 

By Peter Ko Rlmas UzglrlsiGuardian 

Associate Sports Editor 
Between 1986 and 1989, the UCSD women 's volleyball team was a runaway 

train in the world of Division III volleyball. Only the foolhardy were insane enough 
to get in the way of the Blue and Gold Express as it racked up three consecutive 

See IMPROVED, page 17 

Men's Soccer' Ahead' of UCI, 2-0 
• Freshman Ryan Nutting, in his fi rst start, heads in 
winning goal in 2-0 victory over the Division I Anteaters 
By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

People have started coming to UCSD soc-
cer games at halftime. 

Or, if they haven 't yet, they wil1 soon. 
For the second consecutive home game, 

the Triton men 's soccer team battled its op-
ponent to a coreless halftime break. 

Wednesday it was Division I visitor UC 
Irvine (4-6- 1) which staved off numerous 
Triton offensive rallies in the opening stanza. 

But, unlike Claremont on Sunday, the Ant-
eater defense cracked down the s tre tch, as 
UCSD (8-2- 1) pulled off a 2-0 victory. 

The first half was a bit lively, though, 
as Triton defender Alex Savala and an 
Anteater were both awarded yellow cards 
just before halftime - this on the heels of 
UCSD getting called for three yellow and 
one red in Sunday 's scoreless battle. 

Triton Mike Albens also earned a 
yellow card for a verbal comment that the 
referee apparently did not find amusing. 

Displeased with the tie in that game, 
Triton Head Coach Derek Armstrong 
shifted a few players around, and "we got 
a good r(lsuh today," he said. 

" We c hanged IWO po it ion . I'm 

pleased with Mike A lberts, and the subs. 
Glen [Powell] played alright," Armstrong 
said. "I think we're on to something." 

Something .. . well, that something in the 
second half was Tritons' heads on the ball. 

With 21 minutes remaining, freshman 
Kevin Legg worked his way free from an 
Anteater defender in the right corner and 
crossed the ball at the precise height where 
no one could reach it. 

That is, no one under 6'6". 
Luckily for UCSD, freshman forward 

Ryan Nutting happens to be, oh, about 6'6", 
just tall enough to intersect Legg'scross and 
redirect it into comer of the goal to give the 
Tritons a 1-0 edge. 

See M. SOCCER, Page 17 

Friday, September 28, 1990 

M. SOCCER 
Continued from page 16 

Nutting, in hb first ~tart as part of 
Anmtrong '~ shake-up, was following 
coach's o rders, as Armstrong had told him 
10 get into the box, becau~e with hiS height, 
he could win the headcr~. 

o kidding. 
"Legg got open, and I knew he would 

cross it, so I crashed the box in the penalty 
shot area," Nutting said. "r saw the goalie in 
the middle, so I tried for the side." 

And he got it, for the second goal of his 
college career. 

That one goal almost wasn't enough, as 
UCI picked up the pace at the end of the 
game, challenging Triton goalie Brian 
Siljander, who accumulated six saves on the 
day, with d barrage of comer kicks and 
indirect penalty shots. 

The biggest scares came within a minute 
of each other at the eight-minute mark, as 
one Anteater shot sailed just wide, and an-
other rolled just outside the post of the open 
goal after a UCI forward beat Siljander. 

Although UCI couldn't manage to find 
the back of the net, even though they had 
eight shots on goal, the Tritons produced a 
carbon-copy goal with 55 seconds left .. 

Substitute fres hman forward Powell 
crossed the ball, and Mike Gerhardt u ed his 
head to punch it across for the score on 
UCSD's last of nine shots on goal. 

The Tritons now have a week to prepare 
for what Armstrong termed a "four-game 
crunch." 

"We have four games in one week that 
can determine the whole season." 

The first of those imponant games is next 
Sunday at western region rival Cal State San 
Bernardino, followed by home contests with 
Cal State Stanislaus, Cal Poly Pomona, and 
Westminster (Utah). 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 17 

IMPROVED 
Continued from page 16 
national c hampionships and compiled an 
overall record of 107 18. 

Then la~t year, the Expn:\'o derailed -
and CI'cryllllllg ~piI1ed out. 

First of all, the team lost in the RegIonal 
Semifinals. Yes, 1I wa, a successful year for 
most reams, but when you're the three-time 
defendll1g champs, anythtng less and ... 

A., if that heartbreak wasn't enough for 
Head Coach Doug Dannevik, five players 
who would have been retumtng juniors or 
senior., decided not to play thIS season, in-
cludtng outs ide hitter Rachel Vetter who 
rcdshlned last season and wa~ being counted 
on to replace two-time All-American Diana 
Klintworth as the big hammer in the Triton 
lineup. 

He r departure came so late that Dannevik 
was unable to recruit to fjllthe position and 
entered the season without the big hiller who 
could take over and dominate a game or a 
match. 

In addition, he faced the prospect of 
starting an unheard of five players who did 
not have starting experience at the college 
level. 

Even the assistant coach, former USIU 
Head Coach Kun Donaldson, was new. 

The Dallas Cowboys looked like a be tter 
bet to have a good year. 

Surprise, volleyball expen . Here they 
are, 22 games into the season, the Tmons are 
18-4, ranked number one in the natIon, and 
Dannevik is walking around on cloud nine, 
grinning lile the kid who spent the night 
locked in a candy store. 

Here are the face who hold the key to that 
candy store, and won't let him ou t. 

Amy Banachowski and Julie Fabian: 
Brian MorrlsiGuardian 

Junior forward Chris Hanssen is eleventh on the Tritons ' career scoring list. 
Both are true freshmen and both are act-

See IMPROVED, page 18 

. ". 

XEROX COPIES 

• Self service copiers . Volume discounts . Professors notes 

• Copies while you wait . Book binding 

HOURS: r\.1 F F; 10 i1 1)1 6 P 111 • Si1! 1.:+ rl 11 ' 

3211 Holiday Court, La Jolla 452.9949 
Next to Domino's Pizza 

FAX SERVICE AVAILAIW, FAX l(el')4IO-tMl EApires 10/28/ 90 

Fact ... CNer 55 CaibTla students managed their ()Yl1 rusinesses ~ SUf11fTer 
Fact ... Their averageearirgs for the sumner of 1990 were $10,700 
FcK:t ... They oontinued D Jl"ove a decaje.1ong IreD record in bJSness 
Fact ... These students all managed with srudent Painters ard ganed valualil 
rmnagerrenl expertise 
Fact ... M:lSI terrik>ries "";1 t:e filled by !he end of NoverTber 
Management hlrtng now taking place lor the swmner of 1991 

Call Student Painters at 1·800-' ! 1 



-' 

The UCSD Guardian 

The Comic Gallery 
676-B N. BroadWay 

Escondido, CA 92026 
country Comer ShoppIng Center 

Broadway a Washington 
(619)745-5660 
"2A Balboa Ave. 

San DIego, CA 92117 
comer oIlaIboa a CIaftmonI Dr. 

-Next to Luc:ky Market-
(619)483-4853 

Who Already Has A 
48-Hour Student Loan From 

Great Western And Who Hasn't? 
Classes, lectures and exams ... these days you have more to worry about 
than tuition costs. A Student Loan from Great Western can make your 
life a little easier. We'll help with your finances so you can concentrate 
on your education . 

It can take as little as 48 hours to fund a Great Western Stafford Loan. 
First , confirm your eligibility with the Financial Aid Office at your 
college or u niversi ty. Then, complete the loan application. With our 
computerized loan process , your application may be approved in just 
24 hours and a check can be sent to your school the next day! 

Great Western offers a variety 
of federally guaranteed loans: 

Staffo rd Loans 
Supplemental Loans for Students (S LS) 

Parent Loans for Unde rgraduate Students (PLUS) 
Concentrate on higher education instead of higher finances with a 
Great Western Student Loan. For more information about Great 
Western Student Loans call, ton-free, 1-800-GW-ASK-US. 

til 
~ 
I t_Of:1II rr~~:;:::~~:;:~~~:;:;-;~;:;;;:::;':;;~~-:;-;~-;-:;:-:;~-;-.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii"l GREATWESTERN BANK 1m; ®~..:.I 

A Federal Savings Bank 

Friday, September 2 8 , 1990 

IMPROVED 
Continued from page 17 
ing like fifth-year ~enior... 

"They're the two best freshman 
setters I 've ever had," Dannevik 
said. 

They 're also the fi rst freshman 
setters he has ever slarted. One 
year ago, they were each leading 
their respective high schools to stale 
championships. Now lhey split 
time running the Triton o ffense, 
sett ing the tone for each match, 
and bringing much-needed savvy 
to the team. 

In recent matches. Banachowskl 
has slowly moved in as the regular 
staner. The daughte r of UCLA 
women 's volleyball Head Coach 
Andy Banachowski , and a key 
member of the Mira Costa High 
School state champions, she was 
heavily recruited by several Divi-
sion I schools, but chose scenic La 
Jolla to work her magic. 

Elizabeth Tan: 
The team media guide calls her 

"young Elizabeth Tan," but not 
any more. As the only returning 
starter, she 's now the old lady of 
the team. Just a junior, she earned 
All-American status in 1989, and, 
according to Dannevik, is being 
counted on as the team leader in 
1990. 

Not counted on too heavily 
though. Tan sprained her ankle 
before the Claremont/Pomona-
Pitzer Invitational and had to sit 
out. 

No problem. The kids just 
shrugged their shoulders and won 
the tournament anyway. 

So much for experience. 
Vikki Van Duyne: 
Van Duyne spent the past two 

years toiling in relative obscurity, 
but has moved in as the right out-
side hitler and made herself a fix-
ture. 

According to Dannevik, she is 
the most improved player on the 
team and the squad's best blocker. 

"She's the hub of our offense. 
Everything revolves around her," 
he said. 

Dana Simone: 
Like Van Duyne, Simone spent 

the previous two years coming off 
the bench. Now she stans at left 
side hitter. 

Dannevik considers her the 
team's steadiest player, its best 
passer and best defensive player. 

"She's very intense," he said. 
Jennifer Cross: " 
The third freshman star, Cross, 

a middle blocker, was also heavily 
recruited by Division [schools but, 
chose the friendly confines of the 
Triton Gym over potentially more 
lucrative pastures. 

See IMPROVED, page 23 

SNAP 
TO IT! 

There will be a meeting 
for all new, old and 
would-be photographers 
interested in shooting for 
the Guardian. 
6 p.m., Tues., Oct. 2 
Call 534-6582 for more 
info 

Friday, September 28,1990 

ar.g BeneslGuardian 
Sophomore defender Michelle Carbone in action earlier VS. SDSU. 

w. SOCCER 
Continued from page 16 
to McManus. 

Despite these problems, the 
teanl showed signs of brilliance, 
threatening to score throughout the 
game, with several shots by Karin 
Lindsay, Cheryl Parker, and Jen-
nifer Kingsbury, all of which just 
missed the upper left corner of the 
To~s' goal, beyond the goalie 's · 

,..,. ~ ,.. ., 
• w u. .... ... 

The game ended in a scoreless 
tie after 120 minutes, but the proof 
that this year ' s team is growing 
into the shoes worn by last year's 
national champions came in the 
Tritons' answer to their mentor's 
calI to keep the ball low and in 
control. 

In Wednesday ' s match-up 
against cross-town Division I usru 
(against which the Tritons are his-
torically 5-0), the blue and gold 
exhibited the ball control that 
McManus requested after 
Monday's haphazard display. 

After a first half marked by nu-
merous fruitless scoring attempts 
by Lindsay, Katie Ashley, and 
Parker, which were spurred by 
sensational lead passes from the 
defense, it was just a matter of time 
until UCSD found a way into the 
Gulls' goal. 

Just after forward Jackie Melnik 
left the game with a sprained back 
midway through the second half, 

tl:~ Tritons orchestrated three at-
tacks that resembled a team that 
has played together for years, not 
just weeks. 

After a controlled lead pass from 
a UCSD defender, Ashley worked 
the ball into the right corner, where 
she set up a perfectly placed pass 
that Lindsay merely redirected with 
her head into the corner, past the 
unpositioned goalie. 

Soon after the Tritons broke the 
deadlock open, defender Amy 
Wayte helped secure the victory, 
when she slide-tackled a Gull 
foward not twenty feet from the 
UCSD goal, and a would-be tie 
game with five minules remain-
ing. 

The Tri lons now taJ...e a few 
day torecuperatebeforere umirig 
their sIring of five games agamst 
Division land II teams at hapman 
on Monday. 

The UCSD GlUcdian SPORTS 19 

UCSD Students, Faculty and Staff 
are cordially invited to 

-+- UN,VEkt [V LUTIiEk4N tHUA.t" m ANb EGUMENllAl tENTE~ 
~-

Across the street from Revelle College 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive, near North Torrey Pines Road 

Sunday Worship at 10 a .m .... "Word and Wodd~ Forum on Curren t Issues 
after church at 11 :15 a .m .. .. Student Suppers on Wednesdays 

al 6 p .m .... Blble Study at 7 p.m .... Our Lounge, Chapel. and Ubrary 
are open dally, except Monday . 

For further Information or pastoral care, contact 
campus pastor John G. Huber, D. Min., 453-0561 or 459-8855 

TimM ..... 
Compuhw Science 
Vanderbilt Uni-.ity 

" ~1aontll1>h practically ehnl1nale~ ihi' ilttU tG ~.eeji 
m:muals next 10 m~ mmpuH:r, btx:au'it'-regardles.~ 

of which pmgraml'm using- I canopen,cbie,S3w,:md 
print files in exacdv the \arne \\"a\: And \nu C"Jn't sa\ 

thai aboul any other·rumputer. ·· . 
"Totiay lots of Ulher computer., are attemping 10 look and 

\\urk like 3 .\f:!ci ntll1>h, bul lt"S lust not pa.siblt:. Thdre 
t(X) fundamentally di ff~ren t 10 bt:gin \\ith. This ' 

mar sound a little Strange, but comparing a 
~1:tont(lsh 10 other rumputers .... likecom 

paring :tpp/t" to oranges. )bu can 
sq uash lhe orange into shape and 

pJint ,1 10 look like an apple. bUl 
untlerneath the makeup, il\ 
sliD an orange. 
" 11\ fu nny· ' work at the 
\:mderb;k rum pUler SlOre and 
' 'Ie seen klt.~ of people ~",itch 
from other rumputers 10 
Madntosh, bl!t I've ne\er 
seen anyhody \\ith a 

Ma(lnt(~h s\\lICh 10 
:tIlOITh:r mmpuler' 

For all your computer 
needs visit or contact the 

Unive rs ity Bookstore 

534-4291 

•• \"(11), do people low ~ltdnta;h'? 
Ask them. 



", ; 

CLASSIFIEDS 
.!O CLASSIFIEDS 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-
word increments. The rate per 15 
words Is$l forstudents,$3 for faculty 
and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance Is requiredj therefore, 
ads must be mailed with a check 
(made payable to The UCSD 
Guardian) or presentee. in person. 
Please have exact change. Deadlines 
are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, 3 p.m. Monday for 
Wednesday's Issue, and 3 p.m. 
Wednesday for Friday's Issue. The 
Guardianreserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not 
limited to companionship ads. For 
more information cdIl534-5416. The 
Guardian, UCSD, B·016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza is still UCSD's finest original 
pizzeria. Tear out the BJ's coupon and 
get your taste buds to BJ·s. For UCS[l's 
serious pizza eaters! (9/24-11 /30) 

We're back! Sell the contents of your 
garage! Find a genius who can read 
your handwriting and can type! Buy it , 
sell ii, read it, tell it, find it. lose it. in the 
Guardian classifieds! (9/24-10/5) 

50%-90"10 orf current fashions only at 
Apparel Designer Zone! See our ad in 
tOOay's paper or call the holline at 450-
3323. (9/24-1 0/19) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Caf 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wail. 
Xeroxes and more. Naai St Germains. 

~5::-~949. (9/24-11130) 
UCSD Sailing Team Meetiiig. MOi.day 
Oct. 1, 8 p.m. Recreation Conf. Room. 
Questions: John 452-7205. (9/28-10/1) 

ALER T : The U .S. Intelligence 
Committee just passed a bill (S2834) 
legalizing Iran-Contra-styl e coverl 
operations, including the use of private 
companies and foreign governments to 
finance and conduct covert actions. If 
this bill becomes law, covert opera lions 
will for the first time be anchored in 
statutory law as a permanent instrument 
of U.S. foreign policy. Call and write Ihe 
US. Congress before OctoJer 5! 800-
852·3446/202-224-3121 to stop the 
expansion of the presider t's power. 
Tell the House how you fel ;! (924-10. 
3) 

"ALPHA KAPPA PSI" 1st meeting . 
Sunday , Sept. 30th, Bpm @ San 
Francisco room, Price Center. (9/28) 

YOU CAN BE AN EFFECTtVE: 
COMMUNICATOR! Visit University 
Toastmasters , Tuesdays 5:30-7 :00 
p.m .• MAAC Conf. Rm. l"·A (south of 
P.C . Ballroom) . Starts 10/2 . Guest 
Speakers! Call 534·00B2 for more info. 
(9/28-1011 ) 

UCSD Madrigal Singers audition sign-
ups posted in Mandeville Center. Call 
Dan 452-3931 for more info. (9/28·101 
1) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
JeWish Campus Centers provides 
warmth , education, prayer, sociafizing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Students I 
502 Mathews. east of the Price Center. 
Cafl Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521. (9/28) 

SERVICES 
Oln~ B:.ri - ~lor.· .. -I,", .... iC" . · 1?nn tl\ 1 '\on 
• ~ __ _ • • _ , ... _ UV~IO~' • • _ ... ", , .... . _ _ _ 

hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student discounts. (9/24-1/1 4) 

• 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 

!r.6 8505 Costa Verde Blvd, • 587-4844 
COSTA ~ 
VERDE W ·r-UCSD 
CAR WASH WE RECYCLE 

OUR WATER 

ill 

I 
• 

LI Jolll VilI IO. Or. UTC 
I II I :DtI Dr . 

~ ~ 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

-----------------------

• Full Service 3 99 ~W~ f~.!! Y!~§!! .. = 
C o\R WASil Not valid wi1h any oiller offer. SAVE $4.01 

Expires Oct. 31 , 1990. 
I I 
------------------------

Halloween Item Pens 

Da,y- Runner W all & Desk 
Organizer Calendar 

Greeting Card Post - It-Note 
PhnLOAlbum Wrapping 

Stationary Balloon 

Note Pad Gift & 
M etallic Paint Many More 
r----,----
I S395 15100 I ~ 
I I OFF I 
IBALLOON BOUOUET I ANY PURCHASE Ten I(Balloon~ I OF $5 I 
IWlth Ribbon Or More I . A 

l------L---~..r4 
Unlvpr"ty CIty PaCifiC Bach 
Costa Verde Pan lle Plaza II 

4 ~O 9291 483 - 9953 
_____ Iu."., _ 

Jft(Jf1! • 

Th UCSD Guardian 

CHESS CLUBI Thursdays 7 p.m. at the 
Price Center (Ask "Edna" what room). 
PLAY WITH US! (9128) 

WANTED 
Earn $200. Fundraising opportunity for 
your group or quick cash for yourself. 
Distribute popular student magazine 
on campus in 1-2 days. Call Mr. 
Wilkinson. (800) 342-5118. (9/24-10/1) 

United Campus Ministry If seeking 
gUitanSVsong leader for worsh'p and 
social programs. Will pay $7 pE'r hour, 
minimum $45 per month. Call "lev. 
Wagener. 534-2521 . (9/24·10/1 ) 

PART-TIME - earn easy extra money. 
Positive feelings for LESBIANS GAYS 
and THEIR FRIENDSIFAMILIES is a 
must. Write Reebekka POB 76087. 
Atlanta . GA, 30358. (9/24-10/1) 

Part-time childcare needed tor two 
delightful children in No. City West. 
Flexible hours. 792·2301 . (9/24-10/3) 

Intern positions available at local 
computer safes and consulting firm. 
Positions available in rnar1Ieting , product 
research. CADD drafting. and computer 
programming . Great hands-on 
experience. Call Dave 295-9646. (91 
24-1013) 

An opportunity 01 a lifetime - financiaf 
freedom in a few years I t need 5 
persistent people who will commit to 
"making it happen: 496-3377 (24 hr. 
recorded message.) (9124-10/3) 

~~~~~!t!e~ !~ ~t :JC ~~;o~ ~.~!:'!l"'~;~ 
Wednesdays 9-5 for one child. $31hr 
452-8314. (9/24-10/1) 

Are you wanted? Make it happen in the 
Wanteds. (9124-1 0/5) 
Secretary. Part-time. 10 hours/week. 
Phone skills and computer experience. 
I -person office. 558-7400. (9124-9128) 
Cferk/Cashier needed for restauranV 
fish market in Pacific Beach. Call 581 -
1151 . 4535 Mission Blvd. (9128) 

Elegant Retirement home need tulVpart 
time waitpersons. Flexible hours I 450-
5277. close to campus. (9128-1011) 

Child Care Wanted: Solana Beach 
home. two year ofd boy. two mornings 
per week, 481 -7349. (9/28-10/5) 

Earn $500-$1500 part-time stuffing 
envelopes in your home. For free info. 
send a self addressed, stamped 
envelope to: P.O. Box 81953. Dept. 
P127, Albuquerque. NM 87198. (9/28-
10/8) 

Childcare opening, PIT. Two small 
children. Some days. nights. weekends 
needed. Experience and enthusiasm 
required. References. P. Chien, 456-
6281 . (9128-10/3) 

kinko'S· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Garnet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

PIT , Hiring precinct workers for 
Republican "Vote by Mail" effort. 
Evenings and weekends. no experience 
necessary. Call John or Bob 298·7075. 
(9128) 

Research: Healthy women ages 18-30. 
Long . irregular menstrual 
cycles. Involves sleeping with light 5 
nights, daily blood drawing one cycle. 
Payment: $10 .00/draw ($350 .00+). 
Message: 552-8585 ext 3219 
"menstrual study" (9/28-10/19) 

Visual psychophysical experiments at 
Salk Institute. Pay $51hour (OR credit in 
psychology courses) . Subjects 
participate as frequently as desired. 
Karen 453-4100 x488. (9/28) 

JOBS ·JOBS JOBS. Fundraisers lor 
UCSD Annual Fund, on campus $7 
piUS bonuses, flexible hours. 587 -1 585. 
(9/28-10/5) 

Child care for 8 month old in cute 
Encinitas home. T-Th 8:30-11 :00, $51 
hr, ref. Betsy 944-3996. (9128-10/1) 

OPPORTUNITY - Marketing and retail 
represen tatives for expanding 
corporation . Earn $100-$5000 per 
month, FulVpart. 558-0931 . (9/28-10/3) 

Computerized international investment 
analysis . High intelligence . 
mathematical ability . and computer 
experience required. Opportunity for 
programming on Macintosh and Unix. 
networking. in addition to data base 
management and entry. Macintosh, 
programming and spreadsheet 
experience desirable. 15-20 flex. hrs. 
per week. In Del Mar overlooking Torrey 
Pines Park. Must be able to Work FT 
summer '91 . $8.501hr. Karen. 755-3940. 
(9/28·10/5) 

FOR SALE 
SURFBOARDS. Four used Rusty's, 
$100 each. Must sell. RARE Balinese 
waflets . $10 each. John 457-2465. (91 
24-10/5) 

Laptop colr4JUler. Sharp PC 4502. dual 
3 1/2" drives, 640K RAM, backlit 
supertwist LCD screen. intemal 1200 
baud modem. serial, printer. software. 
$1100. Matt 558-8022, (9/24-9/28) 

REFRIGERATOR - large dorm-sized 
(5 cubic feet). used only 2 months. 
$150. Dave 534-71461453-2616. (9/24-
9/28) 
TELEVISION - 15- RCA blw - good 
picture, great reception $50. Dave 534-
7146/453-2616. (9124-9/28) 
Great location! La Jolla Colony town 
house 3 BR - 2 BA .. 07% VA 
Assumable loan 240K 429-5653. (91 
24-10/3) 
Futon and 4-position frame. $100. Can 
deliver. 587-0709. (9/24-10112) 

Friday, September 28, 1990 

FOR SALE : 1983 Mazda RX-7. 
Excellent condition, low mileage. air 
conditioning, new clutch , new tires . 
$4200 or best offer. Cecilia at 543-5256 
(day). 273-0402 (night). (9/24-9/28) 

1974 Dodge Charger SE , 318 cubic 
inch V8. runs good. $1000. Dave 534-
7146/453·2616. (9/24-9128) 

Microscopes: American Optical $850, 
Nikon $1,800; Stirring hot plate $100, 
Sartorius Balance $1 ,500. 297·8678. 
(9/24-1 011 ) 

Dorm-size fridge , good cond, $65 ; 
Keylek CTS-400 keyboard. almost new 
$100! 558-7946. (9/24-10/1) 

Smith-Corona Electric Typewriter. 
Excellent condition, black/correcllon 
ribbons included. $75. Call Chris 294-
7279. message. (9/24-10/1) 

CONDO FOR SALE. Del Mar. 2 
bedroom. 2 bath. Security. PooVspa. 
Covered parking. West of 1-5, off Del 
Mar Heights exit. CLOSE TO UCSD 
AND B EACH I Owner, 755-4736 . 
$119,500. (9/24-10/1) 

SEIZED CARS. trucks , 4 wheelers. 
TV's. stereos furniture , computers by 
DEA, FBI, IRS and US customs. 
Available your area now. Cafl 1-805-
682-7555 Ext. C-1199 (9/24-9128) 

H.P. 28S calculator for sale. Extra 
manuals $100, 434-4829. Leave your 
number on the machine. (9128) 

88 Elite 250. Perfect condition. low miles, 
9 months used, save gas, $2200 obe, 
587-4606. Subi. (9/28) 

BRAND NEW SKISI Olin TOS SR 190's 
with Soloman 557 bindings. both never 
used. Skis alone retail for $400. selling 
for $255. Cafl 559-1303. (9128-10/1) 

1974 VW Thing. Good condition. Runs 
great. $2950 or best offer, 457-7658. 
(9/28-1011 0) 

Beige low 6' couch and matching chair 
- used only 1 yew - great deal I $75. 
453-3718. (9128-1011) 

DISCOUNT AIR FARES. Reserve 
holiday travel now. USA, EUROPE. Free 
bonus miles. 481-1264. (9128-1011) 

SURFBOARDS!! 6'4- Spectrum, great 
shape $200; 6'2" Spydel' board. $100; 
5'10" Channel Island, $100; 6'2" Blue 
Hawaii- Potzmodel. $120; 6'1" McElroy-
team board. $120. Make offer 436-8930. 
leave message. (9/28-1011) 

Drums, Ludwig 6-plece with Zildjian 
crash. ride. and hi-hat cy~ $550, 
call Dennis, 558-0976. (9/28-"f0/1) 

STUDENT AIR FARES. Reserve 
holiday travel early. USA. Europe. Free 
bonus miles. 481-1264. (9/28) 

MISSING ARTWORK 
\ If found, 

to the Price 
Center. No 
questions 

asked. 

If you have 
Information leading 

to recovery call 

270-2977 

Monday, September 24,1990 

HOUSING 

I never know who's housing and 
who isn't unless I read it in the 
Guardian Classifieds. (9/24-10/5) 

In Mira Mesa. 3 BR. 2 BA, large 
living, shared kitchen, wash/dryer. 
canyon view. near bus. 1-5 , 1-805.15 
minutes to UCSD, $280-330; Raut 
271-7260/534-2858. (9/24-1 011) 

Room for rent in Mira Mesa apt. 
complex with pool, spa. laundry, 
cable, dishwasher, microwave and 
more. 1 or 2 males needed. $3251 
month plus util ities. Call Chris. 536-
1168. (9/28-10/1) 

Solana Beach - 2 females share 
master bedroom in oceanfront condo. 
$365 each. 792-9846. (9/28-10/1) 

Great apartment in P.B. 1 bedroom, 
$310/month plus 1/3 utilities. 10 min 
to UCSD. Call 273-7147. (9/28-10/3) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Room for rent, $375/month . Close to 
UCSD. Utilities paid. 453-6935. 453-
6164 or 534-2410. (9/28-10/ 1) 

LOST AND FOUND 

M ISSING ARTWORK . If found 
please return to Price Center. No 
questions asked. For any information 
leading fo recover call : 270-2977. (91 
28) 

FOUND: Gold anklet. Call to identify, 
x42487. (9/28-10/22) 

PERSONALS 
Russia Explorer stranded wlwings in 
NY due to TWA's London flight 715. 
Call Eric (714) 963-8097, (9124-10/8) 

Darrell - Thanks for your help. we 
couldn't have done it without you. Look 
lorward to those Monday night dinners ! 
(9/28) 

21 

Beautiful outdoor dining overlooking 
Torrey Pines golf course l Tasty , 
nutritious cuisine, all you can eat salad 
bar .. . ChOices 554-FOOD. (20% 
discount wi UCSD I D). (9/24-11 /30) 
Corinna and Susan : I miss you muchly. 
Call me .. . 535-9277. Jen J. (9/28) 
SUSAN - HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
SUNDAY! BY NOW YOU KNOW WHAT 
YOUR PRESENT lSI HOPE YOU 
ENJOY ITI MAYBE SOME BABY 
BIRDS WILLBE BORN AS WELL, YOU 
CAN ONLY HOPE. WE'LL HAVE EVEN 
MORE FUN SUNDAYI (9/28) 

Roommale ; female, nonsmoker.r-_______________________ -., 

Available NOWI Four houses from 
beach. $400 per month. deposit 
negotiable. and 1/2 util. South 
Mission, parking, own room. no pets. 
488-50391 (9 /28 -1 0 /3) 

Z~ lbrQI 
Copy 

: Unlimited : 
: 3~ : 
I I I (oplesl- I 
: Expand.cJ Hounl: 
I eall2XlI 2ab whit. I 
I with this coupon I 
I oIrwrgood ~ 1131191 I 

4150 rk9cn ts rmk RoUJ 
LCl JOII (1 , en ?2037 

457-1007 

La Jolla s 
BEST KEPT SECRET! 

Come by for breakfast, lunch, or dinner! 

• Overlooking Torrey Pines Golf Course 
and the Pacific Ocean 

• Beautiful outdoor dining 
• A wide variety of nutritious yet tasty cuisine 
• AII-you-can-eat salad bar 

HOURS OF OPERATION 
Mon.· Thurs, 7 lMoB pm 

Friday cloYd It 3 
Fridays thru Sundays our r"taurant 

Is open to cater your parties. 

• Deli sandwiches, fresh fish 
and chicken entrees, and more ... 

r-------------_·--
Enjoy your 20% student discounl 

with a UCSD 1.0 , 

Choices In the ., - - - - - - - - - - • - - - - - -
Shiley Sports and Health Center of 554 FOOD 
Scripps Clinic ·10820 North Torrey Pines Road Call -

Roberl'sAuto 

VISA' 

German, Swedish 
Japanese Service 

• All Wort< Fully Guaranteed 
• Factory-Trained Specialists 

(619)275·1132 
MoD_-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 

• 
4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

---------------------

10% OFF 
on all repairs * with this coupon 

·Except motor and tra1l8mission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

~~ORD ~~~ 
c, 

COFFEE 

• Quiche 
• Seafood Salad 
• Chicken Curry 
• Garden Salads 
• Homemade Soups 

• Danishes 
• Scones 
• Cappuccino 
_~~, • Gourmet Coffee 

-'--______ --L. , .J 

• Fresh Breads 

Need a Nice, Quiet Place To Study? 
How About Coming Over to Our House_ 
OPEN 7 AM - 5 PM • 7 Days a Week • 481-8590 

1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

-Spenn 6475 Alvarado Road, Suite 109 ~ 
I B~ J~--------------------------I~ next to SDSU ~ Inc. 

-Friday, October 5 
lOam - 2pm • UCSD Price Center 

This is the place and time to ffnd: 
• Student organization Information 
• Food & tUn 
• Demonstrations presented by various clubs 
• Free balloons and buttons 

Sponsored by UCSD Recreation and University Events & Student Activities 

~tea2 

DO YOU NEED EXTRA CASH? 
Are you in good physical condition? 

Could you use an additional $300.00/month? 
($35 per usuable sample) 

SPERM DONORS NEEDED 
all ethnic groups 

(619) 265-2407 



• 

-, 

.' 

•• /' 

' . 
. 

22 PORTS The CSD Guardian 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL WEEKEND MATCH PREVIEW 

First Glimpse of New Triton Lineup 
By Les Bruvold 
ASSOCIate Sports Editor 

1f you've been following the women's \olley-
ball team recently. you might have come to the 
conclu ion that UC Dba DiviSion II school. 

Wrong. Try again. 
Just because the team schedules nothm£ bUI 

top-ranked Dl\1 ion Il schools doesn'l nece anly 
mean that it's among the Division II rank. It ould 
mean that the squad i actually in Division In and 
has a somewhat masochi tic need toplay opponent 
with big, mean scholarship athlete. 

This is true. 
BUI then again, if they're the best in Division III, 

where they are currently ranked number one, who 
el e do they have to play that will provide a chal-
lenge? 

The trend will continue th is weekend for the 
Tritons, as they will face Division II' s Cal State Los 
Angeles at tonight' BGIF home opener at the 
Main Gym, and Chapman tomorrow night on the 
road. 

The Tritons have already faced Cal State LA 
twice thi ea on, and prevailed both times over the 
Golden Eagles, but UCSD Head Coach Doug Dan-
nevik is not taking them lightly. 

said. 
"We've only lost to them on e in ten years, but 

that isn't representative of how good they really 
are:' he said. 

Things will only get tougher for the Triton on 

WEEKEND HOME MATCH: 
WHEN: Tonight, 7 p.m. 
WHO: Cal State Los Angeles 
WHERE: UCSD MaIn Gym 

Saturday, as they will face the Chapman College 
Panther • who defeated UCSD three times last year 
and are currently ranked 14th in Division n. 

"Last year their team was primarily made up of 
seniors and they really beat up on us," Dannevik 
stated. 

"But this season they have a mixture of young 
and old player, not completely unlike u , and I 
don ' t think they'll be able to walk allover us like 
they did before." 

Dannevik is also enthusiastic about the return of 
Elizabeth Tan to active duty after a shon absence of 
10 days due to a sprained ankle suffered in practice. 

Friday, September 28, 1990 

" Both matches again t Cal State LA were really 
clo e and could have gone either way," Dannevik 

"Elizabeth will be a welcome addition this week-
end becau e she has a lot more playing experince 
than the re t of the girls," Dannevik noted. "She' 
the team captain and we really missed her leadership 
in (Tuesday's) UC Riverside game." Rimes UzglrlslGuardian 

Amy Banachowski earned the starting setter job as a freshman. 

Wtd.) Oct. 3) 
11:00 am • 1:30pm 

af~ 
w.ceCrnter 

Pla'Z8 
INFORMATION 

RAFFLE ft FOOD 
-Is ¥) ~\l- RmIN 

L-______________________________________________________ ~ 

w. V-BALL 
Continued from page 16 

The second game held much 
more promise for UCSD, as the 
Tritons were serving with a 12-11 
lead. Then youth and inexperience 
reared their ugly heads. 

UCSD frittered away the game, 
making consecutive service errors 
and compounding its problems 
when four Tritons let a retumable 
ball fall to the floor in what 
Dannevik called a "classic example 
of matador defense." 

The unforced errors proved too 
much to overcome as UCSD lost 
the second game 16-14. 

"That sequence was the turning 
point in the match for us," Dannevik 
aid. 

"If we had won that game, I 
think we would have cruised 
through the rest of the match." 

Despite dropping the first two 
games, the young Tritons sprinted 
to a 14-2 lead in the third game and 
held off a furious 9-0 rUIl by UCR 
to prevail 15- I I. 

The fourth game was also 
closely fought, as the Tritons fell 
behind 7-1, but staged a s. ing 
rally to close the gap to 11-8. But 
o'nceagain, UCSDcommitted four 
con sec uti ve serv ice errors, gave 
up four straight points, and lost the 
game, and the match, 15-8. 

"This match was really indica-
tive of the kinds of mistake you 
expect from a young team like 
ours," Dannevik noted. 

"We had two problems: tirst we 
weren ' t communicating with each 
other, and seco nd, we made 
unforced errors at exactl y the wrong 
time." 

However, Dannevik was quick 
to point out that these erratic epi-
sodes have been the exception, and 
not the rule , for his team. 

"r know that three of our start-
ers are freshmen , but once the 
match starts, I have a hard time 
believing that they ' re only first-
year players," he said. 

Dannevik al 0 expects the 
sloppy spells to soon be a thing of 
the past and "by this time next 
month , thi team will be really 
good." 

Out ide hiller Vikki Van Duyne 
led the UCSD attack with 16 kills, 
while Dana Simone added nine. 

Friday, September 28,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Hey V.C.S.D.! 
All Hyperleaming classes start this Sunday, Monday, 

and Tuesday. Some of those listed below are close to full. 
Call soon (455-1000) if you'd like to reserve a space, or drop in 
on the first class to audit and see what you think of the pro-
gram. (P.S.: Many people interested in both CI40A and PIA 
noted the Sunday time conflict. We'll fix it this Sunday. Also, 
note the new Math 2F addition. See you there! 

Our Fall Quarter Tutorial Schedule 
Biology 131 
Chem6A 
Chem68 
Chem6C 
Chem 140A 
Econ l00A 
MathIA 
Math2C 
Math2D 
Math 2F· (new) 
Physics lA 
Physics 2A 

Mon 2-4pm and Wed 2-4pm 
Sun 4-6pm and Wed 4-6pm 
Tues 4-6pm and Thurs 4-6pm 
Sun 6-Bpm and Wed 6-Bpm 
Sun 8-10pm and Wed 8-10pm 
Mon 4-6pm and Tues 8-lOpm 
Tues 6-8pm and Thurs 6-8pm 
Mon 6-8pm and Thurs B-IOpm 
Sun 4-6pm and Thurs 4-6pm 
Sun 6-Bpm and Mon 4-6pm 
Sun 8-10pm and Tues8-10pm 
Mon 8-10pm and Wed 8-lOpm 

All instruction begins on or after Sunday, September 30th. 
• Location 
We're in Suites 1131 and 1132A at the La Jolla VilJage Professional 
Center, (Right behind the Elephant Bar and EI Torito restaurants, just 
across from campus. Go up Stairway B one level then tum right.) 
• Registration 
Registra tion can be done by phone or in person on your first day of class. 
Only 24 spaces are available in each session. Any UCSD student may 
attend their first session free, to evaluate our program, Don't get locked 
out. Many of our classes have wait-listed in the past. Enroll soon! 
• Fees 
Course fees are $150 per class ($275 for two, $375 for three or more). 
Qualified financial aid students may enroll for $125 per class. (Bring a copy 
of your SAAC letter or F.A. award letter for F.A. registration. Has ta! ) 
The Hyperleaming Guarantee: 

Students are guaranteed to get their money's worth when making use of our 
tutorial programs. This means being able to refund the majority of your tuition in 
instances where grades and/or understanding don't substantially increase as a 
result of our efforts. See us for details. 

My FAVORITE 
MODEL? 
CABRIOLET. 
Fashion Oesign senior Gerardo CantU's 
1988 Volkswagen Cabriolet fits him 
perfectly, 

"As the creator of a line of women's 
clothing called 'Fashion Panic', I'm always 
drIving my lovely six-foot fashion models to 
shows and photo shoots. 

"In my Cabriolet, all of us fit comfortably. 
There's room for cameras and tripods. And 
we look fabulous," 

If you 're ever at the University of Texas 
in Austin. look for Gerardo driving hiS 
CabrIolet He'lI be the guy With the well · 
dressed ladles - riding In style, 

Experience all the FahrvergnOgen and 
convertible fun of Cabriolet at your 
Volkswagen dealer ... 1;: ~ 

~~~ 

SPORTS 23 

Rimas Uzgirls/Guardian 
A sub. last year, Dana Simone has moved into a starting role. 

IMPROVED 
Continued from page 18 

Stacie Sasaki and Liz 
Ve anovic: 

Sasaki, ajunior, and Vesanovic, 
a sophomore, are trying to fill the 
biggest hole in the team 's lineup at 
left outside hitter. the spot vacated 
by Khntworth. 

Sasaki is a former member of 
both the softball and basketball 
teams and might be the best all-
around athlete on the team. 

In recent matches, however, 
Vesanovic has moved ahead of her 
as the regular staner. 

Karen Grometer: 
Dannevik cal1ed her "our John 

HaVlicek." She comes off the bench 
and gives the team solid, steady 
play at ei ther outside position. 

According to Dannevlk, this 
year's group is "better now than at 
anytime last year." 

Perhap the nearly complete 
turnover has been for the best. 

"The new fresh faces have in-
jected a new attitude. Thechallenge 
is to mesh the freshmen into the 
system around Elizabeth and Dana. 

"We have no real stars. We're 
strong in serving and have great 
depth and balance," Dannevik said. 

o stars and numberOf!e in the 
nation. 

ot a bad rebuilding year. 
So far. 

FAHRVERGNOGEN .IT ' S WHAT MAKES A CAR A VOLKSWAGEN . 
If yOu drIve. VolksweQfll'\. you might be selec1ed to 
appear ,n an ad M.e the one abo\le Send your story and 
photO to Vol ,wagen Tes!lmoolals. 181 S Woodward. 
SUit' 200. BirmIngham, MIchigan 4~ 



.\ 

. ' 

., 
I 

• 

24 The UCSD GU:lrdian Friday, Septcmb r 28,1990 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER 
We've Got A Great Attitudel 

~~ 
~w~ 
It's ... y, just come in (no appointment) 
and take the next available stylist 

only $11 
Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haircut. Blow dry and 
styling $4 extra. Full service 
prices reg. $21-$26_ 
Standby fares are subject to 
availability of stylists. To 
insure faster service, It's 
best to come on weekdays_ 

Call receptionist for best times • M-F-S 9-6 pm; T-W-T 9-8 p.m. 

"'lAi~ 
G~?""iCS 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Drive 
near Ralph's & Sav-On 

MEN -WOMEN 

/t's Time for tile Best TM 
Rolph's Convenience Center at 

La Jolla Village Drive 

r----------------I 
I 
I 

~ for 
I A l.CSD e.clum·e Come 19 TacoTime before 
I -"'ovember 2, 1990 and get a free food item when you 
I buy one food Item of an equal or greater value. 

One per customer. I 
JUST 3 MINUTES FREE DRINK REFILLS 

FROM CAMPUS! at time of purchase 

say it best. 
• \VIJe selectton of fre~h cut floral arrangemems 

• Corsages, boutonnieres, baloon bouquets 

• Fnendly ~erVlce, UCSD Student Discoum~ 

LA JOLLA 
FLOWER BASKET 

5555 Villa La Jolla Drive 
in the Ralph's Center 

CALL TODAY: 455.5545 
Toll Free NationWIde: J -800·882-3323 

Majors 
Aaron Brothers Art Mart 
Ralphs 
Sav-on 

455-5908 
455-0840 
457-4390 

Apparel & Accessories 
Clolhestome 453-7650 
PaCific Eyes & T's 535-0365 

Financial 
Beverly Hills SaVings 
Home Federal 
Secunly PacirlC 

452-5660 
455-0440 
455-0318 

Foods & Restaurants 
Aesop's Tables 455-1535 
8.J 's ChICago Plzzena 455-0662 
SamSon's Restaurant 455-1461 

l_ 

Visit These Fine 
RETAILERS 

Taco Time 453-8818 
TGIFnday's 455-0880 

Gift & Specialty 
Card Party 452-1605 
Crown Books 450-0577 
La Jolla Flower Basket 455-5545 
RadiO Shack 457-4095 

Health & Beauty 
Great Earth Vilarnlns 452-9775 
Young Aliliudes Hair Graphics 457-3334 
Home Furni,hing' .. Accessorie, 
HomePlace 450-1811 
Siroud's Unen Warehouse 457-0525 

Services 
Century 21 Village Realty 
Cornerstone Managemenl 
Dean's SO-Minute Folo 
Ktnko's Coptes 
7 Days Rent A Car 
Sunny Fresh Cleaners 
Travel Travel 
Video Gallery 

Th_ters 
PaCific Tilealres 

For 
• serIous 

• pIzza 
eaters 
only 

Hours: M-Th 110m-Mid . Fri-Sot 11 am-1 am • Sun 11 :30-Mid_ • 455-0662 

CHROMIUM PICOLINATE 
An altemative to anabolic steroids 
being used by NFL teams. Call or $1~~ come in far mare information. 

8843 VllIa La Jolla Dr. La Jolla Village Center 452-9775 

la Jolla VIllage Square 
, ,\ Den'a' Group OII.r. You: 

.... tJ . COSMETIC BONDING • visA OR MASTERCARD t,..&. EVENING APPTS. • INSTANT INSURANCE 
,/ • STEREO HEADPHONES EVALUATION 

• NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
, • 24-HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• • ORAL SURGERY FOR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRACTION 

---------------------------'",.ODUcro • ., 0", •• NIW PAnlNn ON'." 
EXAM & X-RAYS $ !leg. $49 

ONLY 10 
Ind"d." X-R~., Orol Conee, E.om ond P,ivole Co",vllo~on. EJcpi ••• 11/2/90. 

Offered 10: Students, Faculty and Slott ot UCSI) 

---------------------------DAVID S. ESHOM D.D.S. 
Member: ADA, CDA, SDCDS 

8861 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 501 
(behind Radio Shock) 455·9151 

455-6770 
453-7711 
453-3443 
457·3775 
455-1 664 
455-0071 
450-1113 
450-1554 

453-7622 

At the northeast corner of 
Villa La Jolla and 
Nobel Drives 

Open from lOam 
Monday through Saturday 
from noon on Sunday 

" .... 

Dead Milkmen 

fRIDAY 
Dead Milkmen 
To Pl.ay at BG,IF 
~ If you've never seen the 
~ Dead Milkmen live, 
here's your chance. This 
tongue-in-cheek alternative 
band from Philadelphia will be 
perfolTDing at the BOIF this 
afternoon at 4:30. Be there and 
witness them for yourself. 

Starting 
FRIDAY 
Animation Fest 
At Ken Cinema 
fd Premiering Friday is 
~ the 22nd International 
Toumee of Animation at the 
Ken Cinema and the Cove 
Theatre. This feature includes 
examples from 12 different 
countries, and represents a 
wide spectrum of styles. It 
will run for two weeks, and 
will be shown nightly at 5, 
7:30, and 9:45 with matinees 
Saturday and Sunday at noon 
and 2:30: 

'Glass Menagerie' 
At Kingston 

~ Sunday, Sept. 30 madcs 
~ the last perfonnance of 
Tennesse Williams' classic 
'memory' play at the Kingston 
Playhouse.Perfonnances at 8 
p:m. Ticket info: 232-4088. 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 

By Julie Sherman, Senior Staff Writer 

By Bryan Dias, Senio'r Staff Writer 
South African musician Johnny Clegg never 

intended to be a political figure, but in his 
troubled country Clegg is both a social figure as 
well as a successful artist. 

Clegg has been around the South African music 
scene for 20 years, but it has been only in the past 
decade that he has struck large-scale commercial 
success with his unique musical style and 
pertinent social commentary in Page HIO 

••• 

The time was 10:30 a.m. in Austin, Texas 
when the telephone rang and woke up Ellen 
DeGeneres. Oops. Alas, this was not the most 
auspicious beginning to our interview. 

It was a good thing she was as nice as she 
seems on stage. Becoming more awake with 
every passing second, she bravely agreed to go 
on with the interview with the Page Hl2 

Friday. September 28. 1990 H1 



2 HIATl.1S The UCSD Guardian Friday, Scptembcl' 28, 1990 
======~--------------------------------

Narrow Margin Funny About Love 
Death Warrant Pacific Heights 
Good Fellas Postcards From The Edge 

University Towne Centre 452-n66 

Postcards From The Edge 
Texasville Funny About Love 
Good Fellas Presumed Innocent 

La Jolla Village 453-7831 

Postcards From The Edge 
Texasville Funny About Love 
Good Fellas Presumed Innocent 

283-5909 
91X Presents The XXII International 

Tournee of Animation. 
Nightly: 5:00, 7:30, 9:45; Sat. & Sun. 

Matinees: 12:00, 2:30. 
Every Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

Rocky Horror Picture sho'Ylf 

In The News 
If you 're convinced that the only art at UCSD consists 
of blue fences and huge colored bird things, or psuedo 
Stonehenge structures, then you need to visit 
Mandeville's Gallery. "Echoes of Surrealism," the new 
exhibit at Mandeville Gallery, will be running from 
September 29 through October 28. This exhibit will 
feature works by Mark Bryan, Carolyn Cardenas, Ethel 
Greene, and Karla Holland-Scholer among many 
others. Gallery.hours are Tuesday through Sunday, 12 
to 5 p.m., and IS closed Mondays. 

Excited that the Dead Milkmen are coming? Did you 
catch Soundgarden on Sept. 1, or plan to see Johnny 
Clegg? The Matt Schnurer/Larry Weintraub duo is one 
that should be appreciated and applauded. Each of 
them has been producing some of the best 
programming around, and our school is lucky to have 
them. Keep your eyes open for upcoming AS/UEO 
events. Rumored special guests on our campus include: 
Jane's Addiction, Psychefunkapus, and Bad Manners. 

Is there life after "Orange Crush"? REM will be 
releasing an 84-minute cinematic documentary called 
"Tourfilm" late this month. The film was shot during the 
1989 Green tour, and was produced and directed by 
Michael Stipe and Jim Mckay. While not exactly a 
concert film , the documenary will combine stage 
performaces with cinematic visuals. 

Great For Lunch! 
A CUP-FUL A DAY 

KEEPS THE INCHES AWAY 
Hung", lor somethng other lheln solod I", 
Iunch1 Somettvng tho! s heolthy ond lOw In 
COOlies? Try Potar', Froren Yogurt 
Noturollf"lgl'ed.anll moon Poor's 10ste$ 
bet1er and" 5 os bnle 05 15 cokxte.$ on 
ounce 
II cornes tn any nove)( you con Imogcne-
SIX sclecllons every day 

Voted 'I<Isf ta'lIng yogUl1ovtloll 
In the Gofden liang\e" 

-MoiropoMon rrogoz,ne 
June 1990 Yogurt Taste Te.t 

••••••••••••••••••• 

· 0 r frozen yogurt and gel one of . . • 

ON THE LOCAL SCENE 
, 

By Paul Skibitzke chance to be heard." 
Hiatus intern Have they ever thoughl of playing the L.A. 

Chris Staples, guitarist for the local band Sub scene? " Bands get 10 t in it," Suarez commented. 
Society, leans back against the handrail of the eleva- "You can be a renlly good band in L.A., but that's 
tor, playing with one of his many two-i nch long not enough to get noticed. It 's just too crowded up 
dreads. "Ours i basically a crowd that tarted out there." 
mostly punk, if you wanna use that word ... but it The band describes live shows as "Sub Society 
matured from it both musically and emotionally." at its best." Garcia joked thal " the problem is that 

"Yeah," agrees scarf-headed lead singer Stimy. when you listen to a recording of us there's no 
"Forthe most pan, the fans we have now are the type chance you'll get hit by a drumstick. There' s just no 
thal. .. " risk involved!" 

"Shower!" blurts bassist Joe Garcia. Theirlaughs On the subject of recordings, the band has re-
reverberate somewhere in the el- cently released their four latest 
evatorshaftaswe.goupanddown. ~ $i III J - ~ songs under the title Iceman on 

What Sub Society has matured _ _ _ -_ seven-inch vinyl. It can be found 
into isone of the most infamous of SOC I ETY on campus at Assorted Vinyl, or 
local punk bands. In an hour-long off campus at Lou's Records, Ofr 
interview held in one of the AP&M the Record, Slash and Crash, or 
elevators, the band explained important thing (like Blue Meanies. But, Suarez warned, "Goody don ' t 
why they never had any ax player ). while provok- got il." 
ing several strange looks from people wanting to use Other underground demo tapes fonhe hardcore 
the elevator for tran~portational purposes. Sub Society fan include Vitami/l A Generation and 

While pushing ,,11 the buttons Garcia ponder- No Legs to Sland On. 
ously de cribes their sound as being "l-inda heavy, Sub Society will be playing Saturday, Sept. 29 at 
but then it's kind of punk, but it's also kind of... Soma, OCI. 5 at the Triton Pub with Daddy Long 
pop!" He attributes their similarity with the De- Legs, and Oct. 13 at Iguann 's with The Henry 
scendents' sound to the fact that both bands have the Rollins Band and TIle Fluid. 
same influence. 

"Except for Chris, we were all really into early-
eighties punk rock, whereas Chris was pretty much 
into the Iron Maiden-Megadeath thing," Stimy ex-
plained. 

"1 still am," Staples responded, "except these 
days 1 get into the new bands as well, like Prong or 
Primus." 

Started by drummer Didier Suarez as a local high 
school band, Sub Society soon recruited Stimy and 
Staples. Over the last three years and a myriad of 
member changes (which the band claims is tOO long 
to bother mentioning) they now perform with a four-
man lineup. Overthis period of time, their sound has 
developed from hardcore punk to a more accessible 
underground sound. They stress, though, that this 
wasn' t a POPUl31ity ploy. 

''I'm really sick of how a lot of local bands are 
going for the 'Funk-o-metal' sound," Staples said, 
"just because that type of hybrid rock is what's 
selling these days. As long as you've got some slap-
bass in your music, you're cool. " 

Other than that, what do they think of the local 
scene these days? 

"On the bad side," Stimy responded, "most of the 
great local bands have broken up in the last year. 
Because of the loss of groups like Pitchfork and 
NightSoil Man, the scene is huning." 

"On tbe good side, the bands that are still around 
are getting more support now," Stimy continued. 
"For instance, Assorted Vinyl has been great since 
Larry Weintraub took over, and Marco's loud-
speaker show on 91X also gives the local bands a 

As far as closing comments go ... 
Joe says: "Support local bands." 
Stimy says: "Sweat a lot, playa lot, sleep a lot ." 
Chris ays: "If you see a band you hate. don't say 

they suck, start your own band and do it the way you 
want." 

Didier says: "Bye." 

If you havea local band you'd like featured in 
this column, contact Jennifer c/o Hiatus at the 
Guardian, B-016, La lolla, 92093 or 534-6583. 

Caring About Your Decisions .•. 

eFree Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

.Pregnancy Termination 
e General or Local Anesthesia 
eLow Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conception) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
eStudent Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

Q;r;t 
~a('hoice 

• f 18UY any small. medilOm or large lI~r: . . : 
• equal or lesser value FREE. • 
• Void w,th ony other one< toppong. not Included . • t-----------------l 
: laJollaCotonY7170RegC:'c~I:~:::;o;:~oit,:~~·nter) "iIOl~~~' : ... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 
•• ••• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ~--~-----------____________________ ~_J 

Friday, September 28,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

In Quest of the King ... 
• HiATUS Visits A Musical Mecca 
By Michael Schwartz 
Senior Sta ff Writer 

It could have been a tacky gift shop 
anywhere in the world. It had the standard 
collection of overpricedjunk. However, this 
was no ordinary spot, and the cheap goods 
were not commemoratingjust anybody. This 
was the King. and this was Graceland. 

I purchased the coolest thing I could find , 
a Graceland pen with Elvis gliding across 
the front of His mansion and back as the pen 
is rotated. The lady wor\cing there assured 
me that "every pen we sell has been per-
sonally u~ed by Elvis." I laughed, certain 
that the afternoon would be s uitably silly 
and amusing. Surrounded by mugs and, 
appropriately, shot glasses, it was hard to 
think anything less. 

Yet as if the King Himself wanted to 
check my growing contempt, a lady stumbled 
into the store, tears welling up in her eyes. 
She blurted out to the thousands of Elvis 
effigies that stared back at her, "Like it says 
on His tombstone, He needed the rest. He 
was too much for this world." As she bought 
a place mat to ease her sorrows, I set out in 
quest of the King. 

The Graceland complex lies just outside 
Memphis in an area that does not seem to be 
the greatest neighborhood in town. Located 
on Elvis Presley Boulevard, it is found just 
after "Grace land Dodge" and just before a 
plaza of assorted Elvis goods dealers. On 
one side of the street lies the museum area 
and two-dollar parking, and on the other is 
Graceland proper, the mansion. 

Once you enter the main building, His 
presence is unavoidable. The man may be 
dead, but His voice lives on. The King 
classics are pumped into anywhere that can 

hold a speaker. From the bathrooms to the 
Slores to the exhibits, His spirit is there. 

Another presence often felt at Graceland 
is capitalism. Each year 750,000 people 
shell out $15.95 each to tour the place. [was 
even handed an application for an Elvis 
credit card. " It' s the first credit card that 
makes a statement about you every time you 
present it. Consider the reactions you will 
get when you take out this First Edition 
EI vis MasterCard," proclaimed the brochure. 
Oh, I can imagine them. 

First, I entered the "Up Close" museum. 
As the man in line in front of me belted out 
"Jailhouse Rock" along with Elvis, I was 
comforted by one of the many good natured 
employees. "We get a lot of crazies here." 

The museum was merely a corridor with 
plate glass windows offering a variety of 
information. Did you know "Tiger" was 
Elvis' nickname in Karate, orthat Elvis was 
an avid reader? After looking at a pair of 
slippers, I escaped to the automobile mu-
seum. 

In this large warehouse, you can find a 
collection of cars Elvis owned in His life-
time . There are golf carts, mopeds, motor-
cycles, go-cars, and, of course, Cadillacs. 
After leaving and walking past the " Elvis 
Recording Studio," [ came to the King 's 
tour bus, followed by His tout.plane, "The 
Lisa Marie." These two vehicles showed the 
sharp contrast between the young man and 
His older self. While the bus, from His early 
movie days, was simple yet comfortable, the 
plane of His Vegas days was the height of 
self-indulgence. The sinks were plated with 
24 carat gold. A video monitor, spewing out 
the virtues of the aircraft, announced that the 
bar was always well stocked because Elvis 

al ways liked a drink. Really? It should also 
be mentioned that 10 get to the planes, a 
person is lowered to walking through an 
airport detector device labeled "Elvis Fan 
Detector." And, yes, it goes off for every-
one. 

Finally, the time had come to board the 
shunles for the house. While signing the 
register as I waited for the shuttle, I was 
surprised to see the log of the day 's visitors. 
There were people from England, France, 
Belgium, Australia, Japan, etc. While I had 
expected to see only the redneck with a 
cowboy hat and dog in his truck, Graceland 
actually attracts anintemational community. 
It is the true musical Mecca. 

Arriving at the front door, [ almost ex-
pected the King Himself to come out and 
greet us. lnstead, we were led through the 
grounds by a series of personable guides. 
Straight off the bat. we were told we would 
not be taken upstairs . It seems that not even 
the employees are ever allowed up there 
because the family " wants to keep part of 
Elvis' life private." I couldn't help wondering 
if this was because He still lives there. The 
kitchens are also sealed from the tour, I 
might add . 

On the main floor are the family and 
dining rooms, both standard examples of 
'70s decor, not as opulent or horrific as [had 
expected. However. my dreams of decorating 
disgust were soon realized as we were led 
down a mirrored hall and a mirrored stair-
way to the television room. 

It seems that Elvis was an avid TV watcher 
as well, with 14 televisions in His house. 
This room had three, side by side. With a 
mirrored ceiling and sequined white pillows 
everywhere, it was easy to imagine Elvis 
hanging out here ina velvet jump suit After 
passing through the billiard room, we were 
told to "maintain our spirit of adventure" as 
we walked up the stairs to the Jungle Room. 

With water dripping down the far wall , 
See KING, page 4 

HIATUS 3 

Mel Marcelo/Guardian 



4 HlATU 

$19,89 
'91 SPIDER 

ALFA ROMEO·FERRARI-ROLL -ROYCE· BE 
9010 Miramar Road·( 619) 57 -8600 

The UCSD Guardian 

Co-sponsored by O ,..Rv1 

Friday, September 28, 1990 

KING 
Continued from page 3 
and green everywhere, it was easy 
to see why the media nicknamed 
it such. We were told in a heavy 
Southern drawl that the carpeted 
walls and ceiling were a "Cali-
fornia trend." Thanks a lot. 

After leaving the house and 
going through the office where 
all of the big deals were struck, 
we were taken to the trophy room. 
In here l ies an impressive 
monument to the largest music 
seller ever, Elvis. The endless 
collection of gold and platinum 
records and tributes is followed 
by a collection of costumes from 
His later days. 

Sadly, when Elvi s reached 
thirty , lie began a sorry piral to 
the depths of tackiness. His hip 
younger self diminished to se-
quined capes and jumpsuil ac-
cented with chain and rings, that 
were embarrassing ju I to look 
al . Wanting to remember the 
earlier King, I quid.ly hustled 
out as the guide pointed to a pair 
of Elvis' size 12D boots. 

The last building on the tour is 
the racquetball court and lounge. 
II was here that Elvis spent His 
last night, playing ball until six in 
the morning, before going up-
stairs and passing away. The older 
lady working there finished her 

~peech with the usual, "Are there 
any questions?" Standing there, 
taking nOles with my Graceland 
pen, smirking at my friend, I must 
have seemed an easy target. 
"Come on. I've heard them all! " 
she ,aid directly to me. While 
such questions as " Why is Elvis' 
middle name pelled incorrectly 
on His grave?" and "Ilow much 
did He drink the night He died?" 
filled up my head, I opled to just 
smile sweetl y at her and not ruin 
the pilgrimage of my fellow tour 
participants. 

We finally arrived at the 
Meditation Gardens, a collection 
of trees, bushes, and a fountain. I 
suddenly found myself looking 
down on the final resting POts of 
Elvis, Ilis stillborn twin brother, 
parents, and grandmother. Seeing 
the grave, flanked by an eternal 
flame and a teddy bear clutching 
an envelope addressed to EI vis, 1 

~ und my elf actually feeling sad. 
It suddenly didn ' t matter that 

He dranl.. 100 much, did drugs, 
was 100 fat, and dressed I ike 
Liberace. This was the most 
popular and loved mUSician ever. 
Judging from Ihe overwhelming 
amount of graffiti on the walls, 
and even tmffie light posts, sur-
rounding thecstatc, it appears lie 
still is . 

I turned to the fountai n behind 
the grave and tossed in a penny 
for the King. I'll never look at a 
report of an Elvis ghosl mani -

fe~tation or sighting in Ih e 
"Enquirer" in Ihe ame way again. 

Friday, September 28, 1990 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 5 

1 U ill ~ R R ~ \: \l R n S' 

Neil Young and Crazy Horse Reunite: 
Ragged Glory Disc One of Their Best 

B Y B ret t 

Nell Young has reunited with CrilZY I lorse and reledsed one of the best nxords he'h ever 
made. Granted , not eve ry 

Young fan will go wild over Ragged 
Glory (Reprise) . If your favorite a l-
bum was Harvest or Comes a Time, 
it might send you running for ea r-
plugs. But if you loved " innamon 
Girl," side two of Rust Never Sleeps 
and all of Re' ac'tor, then thi s is the 
album you've been waiting about ten 
years for . 

Young parted company with 
Crazy Horse in 1986. They had split 
before, but this time, apparently, for 
good . Young announced that his new 
band , the Bluenotcs would be the 
keeper. Crazy H o rse responded w ith 
an a lbum called Left for Dead. 

So what brough t them together? "It 
was too much fu n 10 !"iss," Young 

IVIll a no 

explains. I Ie caught the bug while 
combing through old tape~ for a mas-
s ive retrospective boxed ~et, origi-
nally called Decade II and st ilt ~c t for 
release next year. " I had seen every-
thing we did together, and that made 
me want to play Olgilin . Al l these 
records (wi th Cra7Y Horse) ilre mile-
s tones, they' re all related . The records 
in between go off in on direction or 
another, but it always comes back to 
this. So it was time to come back to 
this." 

Ragged Glory sounds like one of 
You n g's m ost posit&ae s ta te ments. 
There's a couple of reassuring love 
songs and the tongue-in-cheek humor 
of "P··in' Up", which he swears is 
being considered for a single. " It will 
certainly be a video. Maybe we' ll do 
something digitally wi th the VClC<~1 so 
they can play it." 

Youngconsider~thb"lbum Iheemo-
tional flipside to Tonight's the ight-
the harrowing 1975 LP in~p"ed by the 
00 of original razy Horse ~ulti1rist 
Danny Whitten. " I still laLl~h when I 
hear that ~'Cord . That'~ how I alwi1y~ 
react to records Ih;) t blow pt"ople~' 
minds-if I can laugh when t'm listen-
ing, I love it. When I'm in the right 
headspace, that one ~till sou nd, gO<..xI . 

" I think Ragged G lory may stand 

;tknlt .. ' In nly wt,rk thL" ",lnl(" WoolY 
Tonight's the Nigh t d(,,-~ . It ' , ,,~ry po,· 
iti"e bul it h"" the "" m' L'<.1",'. Both 
~id~s elrt: rL'prt....""Sentl'i...i In thi.., onl.', .1 nd 
thL'Y kind of vibr;llt.~ . Then .. ' !', .. n' t \ 'IlL' 
R'Cord l'vL' m,Kle tl1<11 thi-. 1m,' can' t 
,t.lnJ up bL' ... ide I' m "~PL'Ctll1g ~""'l.pk-
til brinA It bile .. t(l till' ... t(lre, Ix' .... n .... " 
th 'y' li fL'L'1 guilty .1ix 'ut gl'lling ... " 
mu h <l l1 () IlC n. .. 'Con.L" 

"I" li t 

• • 
\1\11 N ! 

$50 , 000 
WORTH OF FREE COMPACT DISCS 

IN THE PULSE! MUSIC LOVER 'S 
SWEEPSTAKES. 

Get till Ihe promotl0nil l CD 1,,1 01 Ihe 
TnilJor I.lb(+ .. for d Vl'.U. l ' W rL'lL'a't·~ . 

t rei ... o;ue ... , the \\'ork ... Fnl.lu~h rL'Cnrdlll~'" 
ttl .,tart you r own r,lci ln ... tatinn! 

ju,1 c,l li J·&J{J-52'i-57 1 1 lor detild" or 101' 
us ,1 t (910) 173-2480 wi lh vour .,ddr,"" 
and we'll send you iln e l1t~v form . 

SLAUGHTER JEFF HEALEY NEIL YOUNG & CRAZY HORSE DAN FOGELBERG 
ILAUGH ... 
'lit''' IT ro , .\ 

",-.. Iunlll: : I p \11 '11111 

SINEAD O'CONNOR 

COMPACT DISCS CASSETTES 

11.99 7.99 
REG. 13.99 & 14.99 REG 8.44, 9.44, 10.44 

HEALEY. 
HELL TO PAY 

• I 'Tlw* I ~ 'tbu be Mucn • 
• HOw long c.n A ""*" a. Strong • 
• 'ft't'Iie My GuUr G.ncIy YtIwp& • 

BLUE TEARS TWIN PEAKS SDTK. 
SOUNDTRACK FROM 
TWIN PEAKS 

I1A;\i FOGELBERG 
Tilt IIIL/) PLA( 1·\ 

TOMMY CONWELL 

SALE ENOS OCTOBER 10. 1990 
OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT· 365 DAYS A YEAR 

~~~. ELCAJON 
796 Fletcher Parkway 

across from Parkway Plaza 
OP.N to AM TO to PM 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 

VIDEO 
3393 Kemper St. 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Cajon Blvd. 

next to Art St. Post Off. 



HIATU ' 6 The UCSD Guardian Friday, eptember 28, 1990 

"' \\ W . i \\ "' \\ \ \\ U ~ i. 

ALL 

IIIJ\'~ I' l'().' 
COMPACT DISCS & 
CASSETTES ARE 
ON SALE NOW! 

"New Orleans ' Black Top Records has been one 
01 the most valuable blues imprints 01 the '80's, 
consistently serving up hot and tasty albums by 
a wide range 01 both old and new blues acts" 

-Tower Records Pulse .... ~~~'!i-~~~~~ .. 

IKE & TINA TURNER 
GREATEST HITS 

THE BEST OF 
THE GREATEST 
FROM CURB 
RECORDS! 

EVERLY BROSTHERS 
GREATEST HITS 

All TIME GREATE ST HITS 
OF ROCK N ROll 

.. _._-

--.... -
---.. -:::: --
----.. _-

--

_._-

--~:::=.:..-:.. --
8.99 CO 4.99 CASS 8.99 CO 4.99 CASS 

Plus man more to choose froml 

SALE ENDS OCTOBER 10, 1990 

B L U ES 

Houston Blues Vets Supercharge Gulf Coast Blues 
Gulf Coasl Blues, Vol. 1 (Black Top) features veteran Houston blues tatents that include saxophonist 

rady aines, Joe "Cuitar" Hughes, pi-
anist /songwnterTeddy Reynolds, An-
son Funderb..1ugh and Crescent City 
bass great Ct,(lrge Porter, Jr. But the big 
find is the husband/wife team of 
Clarence Hollimon and Carol Fran. 
Hollimon is an excellent guitar stylist, 
VVILlIA \.1 CLARk 

but Fran is a virtuosic, supercharged 
singer with impressive cn..>dentials. 

West oast harmonica hero William 
larke's sixth recording, Blowin' Like 

H ell (Alligatur), should turn his un-
derground buzz into wide a claim. 
He's a fine songwriter and vocalist but 
his hurnca ne-force harmonica carries 
the show. 

Way Down South (Antone's) is leg-
endary blues guit..1rist Matt Murphy's 
first ' ulo album; a basic sampler of his 
wide range of styles, from razor-sharp 
slide work to sizzling shuffles. 

Koerner, Ray and G lover in troduced 
countless fans to acoustic folk blues in 
the ea rly '60s ow, Dave "Snaker" 
Ray and Tony Glover have returned 
with Ashes in my Whiskey (Rough 
Trade), their fir~t studiu n..'Cording in 25 
years. The do/en tunes feature Ray's 
bedrock blues voice, deceptively sim-
ple guitar and Clover's thoughtful 
harp, recalling an e ra of front porch 
storytelling blues popularized by 
Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee. _ 

- Miclmel Point 

R E ISSU ES 

Rarest Elvis and Vintage C&W for Collectors 
In 1953 Elvis Presley plunked down four bucks and cut two songs as a gift to his mother. Long thought lost, 
tho~e acetates turned up with a child-
hood fnend two years ago. "My Hap-
piness" leads off The Great Perfor-
mances (RCA) and offers a glimpse at 
ElVIS' emerging talent. R A has saved 
the ~econd !>ide for another disc. 

Rhino Records is amassing a com-
mendable vtntage coun try music cat-
alog It~ recen t Billboard Top 10 
Country Hits series features classics 
like George Jones' "White Lightning" 
(1959), Marty Robbins' "EI Paso" 
(1<}60), Faron Young's " Hello Walls" 
(1%1), Hank Snow's "I've Been Every-
where" (1962) " nd Skeeter Davis's "The 
End of th' World" (963). You also get 
the first taste of Buck Owens' grea t Cap-
itol hIts on CD. 

Other stuff: Super K's Bubblegum 
Expli>sion (5<.'quel) is a 24 tra k collec· 
tion of hits by the 1910 Fruitgum Com-
pany and Ohio Express. EM],!> "Legend-
'ry Masters" o.eril:S now include!-> My 
Blue Heaven- The Best of Fats Dom-

C ... ORr,£ Jo""rs 

ino, the first decent U.s. Fat Man CD 
anthology. 

Need a great Halloween collection? 
Try DCC Compact Chssics' Monster 
Rock ' n Roll Show, featuring "The 
Monster Mash," Bo Diddley's " Bo 
Met't the Monster," &:reamin' Jay 
Hawkins' "Fea!>t of the Milu Mau"and 
more, mc1uding bits from classic hor-
ror movies. 

-JI'!! Tnmarkill 

OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT · 365 DAYS A YEAR 

• 

Friday, September 28, 1990 The U SD Guardian HJATUS 7 

1 \\ W i \\ 1 \\ \ \\ \\ ~ i 

N E \N AG E 

The Ambience and Melodic Grace of the Sufis 
J VC's immaculate digital exposi-tion, Mystic Flutes o f the Sufis, has the ambience, melodic g race, 
transcendental beauty a nd supreme 
sense of reflection that have become 
tenants of the new age 
genre. The breathy rumi-
nations of th ney w hisper 
seductively of long-forgot-
ten secrets and esoteric 
knowledge. It's like listen-
ing to a mirage. 

Cellist Bob Kindler has l-
ong been fascinated by 
Indian, South Pacific, jazz 
and clas~ical music. He 
merges a II these tyles on 
his captivating new release 
TIger's Paw (Clobal Pacific). The musi-
cianship and composi tional vitality dis-
played on this album are impressive. 

Western artists John Mclaughlin and 
Carlos Santana have embraced Sri 
Chimnoy's musical approach to spiritu-
ality. Swiss multi-instrumenta list Alap 
jetzer has a lso been insplCed by Chin-
moy's artistic vision . Using electronics 

\NOR L O 

as a contras ting background for gui-
tars, flute, tabla, harmonium, shruti 
and dro ne instruments, jet7er deftly 
interprets hinmoy com positions The 
Source of the M l!sic and Eternity's 

Sun rise (Heart Music, cassette only). 
The music flows with serene mt'lodies 
that combine a joyful sense of spiri tual 
awakening with pri tine and inventive 
instrumental technique. Heart MUSIC 
also features Chimnoy him~elf on the 
introspective Flute M us ic lfeditations 
and Th e Dance of th e Light. _ 

-Lilldn Kohnnol1 

IVIUSI C 

Invigorating Sounds from the Comers of the Globe 
Willie Colon revolutionized Latin music in the '60s. His new a lbum, Color Americano (CBS 
Discos), with its real life tales of love 
and sorrow, looks at the ironic racism 
American Latinos face in their home 
cou ntry, and at the problem of home-
less and abused children that roam big 
ci ty streets. 

Kotoja's self-produced debut, Free-
dom is w hat Everybody Wants (Inner 
Spirit), is a wild hybrid of Afro/Carib-
bean styles like highlife, juju, soca and 
reggae. 

Also recommended : Pop Rai and 
Rachid Style - Rai Rebels, Vol 2 
(Earthworks), featuring tracks by Al-
gerian stars C heb Khaled and Cheb 
Sahrauoi; Mama Mosanbiki (Real-
world) by Mozambique's Eyuphuro, a 
beautiful collection of songs ranging 
from gentle acoustic chants to Congo-
lese rhumba; Yan, a disc of soothing 

hincse folk by The Cuo Brothers & 
Shung TIan and Ya Habib, a collection 
of Qawwalis from Tht' Sabri Brothers, 
Pakastani practioncr of trance ind\lc-

ing devotional music. 
Three discs which will appea l to 

folk, new age and world music fans are 
Desert Dance by atlve American 
flautist R. arlos akal, Recurring 
Dream by Sylvan Crey, a woman who 
plays the kantele, a tradillonal Finnish 
zither and Fire Dance, " fus ion of 
Turki h, Middle Eastern and jazz 
styles by Brian Keane and Omar Faruk 
Tekbilek. _ 

-j. poet 
L.r"" BAK[R 01 EV1.lfIlUMO 

.. 

-
PnI·IICMlIlC 

W(jRLD BEfiT 

11.99 CD 7,99 CASS 

GILBE 

PAUL SIMON 
Continuing hIS successful e.pIoration of world music 
featuring Brazilian and African players plus 
Steve Gad<!, Michae' & Randy Brecker, Adrian Belew. 
J .J. Cala, Nana Vasconcelos, Hugh Masakela & 
ladysmith Black Mambazo ... a Brazilian foundation 
with Alrican 

GIL 
One of Brazil'S most important modern composer/sing-
ers and political activists leaves the listener swaying 
on thair feat or humming a sweet blues melody aHal 
listening to his new release -0 ETERNO DEUS MU 
DANCA". 1990 marks the return 01 Gilberto Gill 

Poised to show America what the rast of the world has 
known for years, that ha truly IS the voice of Africa and 
the lirst bona fide slar to .""'ge I,om the Third World 
since the lat. Bob Marley. "SEr captures a -jive" fresh 
leel from his band while showing on his haunting 
multi-colored voice. 

SALE ENDS OCTOBER 10, 1990 

OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT· 365 DAYS A YEAR 



HIATU 8 The U D Guardian Friday, September 28, 1990 

10WiR 1"\\\\1\\\£ 

LOW COST HIGH BIAS 
UX·90 FIVE BRICK 

B.88 
LESS THAN 1.78 PER TAPE. 

. ~.. 

SONY \~!1!. II 

MHAl-SR 
90 . 

LOW COST METAL 
METAL SR·90 THREE PACK 
WITH SONY HEADPHONES 

9.99 
YOU GET THREE GREAT SOUNDING TAPES PlUS 

A PAIR OF QUALITY SONY HEADPHONES. 

NORMAL BIAS 
CIRE I 50/100 THREE BRICK 

2.49/2.88 
JUST .83196 PER TAPE. 

LPW COST HIGH BIAS 
CIRE 11901110 THREE BRICK 

4.09/4.49 
JUsn .37/1 .SO PER TAPE . 

SALE ENDS OCTOBER 10. 1990 

._._._L 
NORMAL BIAS 
UR-90 TEN PACK W/FREE XL 11-90 

8.88 
LESS THAN A 1.00 PER TAPE. PLUS A FREE XL 11 -90. 

FREE NEON WATCH I 
CAPSULE UDX-II 100/METAL CAPSULE 100 
SIX PACKS W/FREE NEON WATCH 

8.48/12.88 
LESS THAN 1.60/2 .17 PER TAPE. PLUS A NEON WATCH 
ABSOLUTELY FREE! 

HIGH BIAS 
XL 11-90 FOUR BRICK W/FREE XLlI-90 

8.88 
LESS THAN 2.50 PER TAPE. PLUS A FIFTH TAPE FREE ! 

FREE WAIST POUCH! 
XL II-S 90 SIX PACK W/FREE WAIST POUCH 

11.88 
LESS THAN 2.84 PER TAPE. PLUS A WAIST POUCH 
ABSOLUTELY FREE! 

METAL 
MX-90 THREE BRICK 

8.88 
JUST 3.33 PER TAPE, 

OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT· 365 DAYS A YEAR 

77C.Uf'~~~. EL CAJON 
796 Fletcher Parkway 

across from Parkway Plaza 
OPEN to AM TO to PM 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 

VIDEO 
3393 Kemper St. 

PAID ADVERTISEMENT 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Cajon Blvd. 

next to Art St. Post Off. 

.' . (.!N'VERSjTY iVENTS& .·sTUpENtACflVints PRESENTS 
~ . . ... ' .. ' . .... : . .' ." :. . .: . .... . . ..',." 

.: -: .. 

. . 
. " . 

· . . . . 
. . . . . 

. . 

. . 

. . 

. ". 

., .' 

.' . ' .' .' .,.., .'.. . . ' . . .' .. 

. .. ....• · L ·t;.~q : . SOUTHAFRICANOANcE CONCMT .. 
· ' .: , 

. tJ1' 7 ' ... ' . .' ~ .' ., 
: " .. ::'. '. .' ',,' . "9' O. ~~.' :' '. :' ..... '.': . '. .:. : . .... . 'I f' . . ~ . ": : . 

. .' .' . . 

· . . 

'. . 

. . . . 

'" '1 .'. . . ". 
: ..... : '-" .:. : ' . :. , ': ........ : .. . . : . . ~ : ;'.' . . ' ..... '.: ;:. QCT .. 1 ·~ MQ"';'DAY , 8PM' P.e:. BAtLRO'OM 

.. ... .. .:.... :. .... . '. U(SD s"t.: $1·6ADV., *$17.00 DAY. Of. SHO-W 
.' .:'. ;. . .. . ' .' . '. .' .. . . '. .*( T(CKETPRJCE 1/11 MONO,6,Y·S .AD WAS IN Eimom . 

.:. . . ... ". '. . . '. .'. ·.G.A.: $18 ~DV, • $.19 PA~ OF SHOW ·. . , 
. " . 

. . 

. . '. . . 

. . . . 

. . . 
. . 

. :POST-MOD'ERN ACRO 'DANCE 
·.M~ETS .NC)-WAVE·A CAPE-LLA 

. ., . ., . 

.' . 
. . . . '. 

" ", . 

. , ' .. ; 

, , ,' . 

'. . 

. . . . . 

. ' . 

" " 

. . 

:.' : .' '. AMERICA'S PREMIERE ' . 
.' . · NATIY~AMERI'AN FLUTIST .' .' .. ' .. ' 

. . . . 

'. ' .. . 1~. . " .' .•.• • : • 
. ' .' '. . 

" :'. . :. :. 
. " . . . 

. . " 
. ', :. '. : : 

.. ' ..... . 
" " .. 

. . . 
. . . 

. . . . . . , .. 

'. ' .. ' .: ' .. .: . 

'. . . '. 

. ' 

".' :' .. ' ... .. BRI'Lt'IANr- $'r.4'ND':'UP,COMEPY . 
.' . '. .... .. .' . . 

, '.. .': .: " . 

:- .. ". : .': . OCT. 13.' TUU.PAY ' ·SPM ··MAND. AUD: 
'. . ST. $S ' G.A. $7 .. FA<::!STAFF/ SR.CiT $7 '. 

• • '. • • • " 1 , 

'. . . 

.: '·RAVi~UPMUiicAL .i:oMEDY. R~VUE. :·:·: ',: : ". : ' . 
.... OF.THE.FIFI.{ES CULTVRE'& MUSIC · .. ' , ", 

. . . ' ". 

;- . .; 

UCSD CHAMBER 
:- MUSIC SERIES 

'. :OCT. l7 ·: · SATU·~DAY, 8PM. :P.~~ ·THEATER .. :' ". ':. 
, . '. ST .. $-8 • G.,,,!, .~13' '. f.A.~/s:rA~F/~R,(IT: ~11' . .... ' .. :.'.:: . . ' 

. . . . ,', .' .. '. ,.' . . " ". 

· :: . , , .'. " .' 

.: .NoV: 1 >niuRSPAY" ~PM" MAi',U).··~OD.: .. ' .... '.: : .. : ...... '." .. ' . .' 
. ST. $-B ·· ,c;. .A .. $1-~ • FAC/STAFF/SR.cIT. $1P .' .' '.. '.' ~~~;--~~~ 

" " ' , . , " , . ' , ." ' ,,' .. : : ..' .' ", ' ,' . 
. . . . , . . . . . : . h~i~\ZJJ~· 

... : 

: . .' .. :: ... ' .. ' .. ' .' : .' .'THE COMPL,'EiE 'W()RKS OF tHE . 
" '.: .... . .. .' . ' . BARD H,LAIUOUSLY CONDENSEP 

" .. .. , 
. . . 

'. . 

". : . TI(·K~TS.'O.N:.SA.l~.· NOW.:: ,'::' .::: '.:. '.' , 
.. 'AT U(SD BOX' O.FFt(E . .-: .: .' .... ,' ... . . 
, '. r-34' 45' S"9 ::. . . ',::' :. .' . . .' . '. . . 

." - . . ~ .. ' . . ' '. '. '. . .... ". . . .... . .... 
. " . : .... . . " .. ~~:. ": '. " . " . .'Nov:Jo·sATURDAY··8PM·MAND.AUD: .. '. 

.. . '. .. .,' .' . ".~;"~x~· .... ; . .'. .... ST. ~8· ·. ~.A. $~.l ;'.FAClSTAff!SR.qT. $10 . ". ' '" 
. .::'. ' . '. " ,' " '.' ". :. .' ". . ,'.,' :. . . . '. .' '. , 

-



10 HIATUS 

Clegg 
continued from H1 
South Africa and Europe. With the 
release of his new album Crue/, 
Cra::)', Beautiful WorLd recorded 
with hi band Savuka (Zulu for "We 
Have Arisen"), Clegg could well be 
on hi way to ucce s in the United 
State. 

The appeal of Johnny Clegg and 
avuka's music lies in its b lending 

of African rhythms with 
contemporary sounds and the power 
of the lyric . The forces that came 
together on Cruel, Cra:y, Beal/lijlll 
World, Clegg' 13th album, are a 
reflection of Clegg' turbulent life 
growing up in apartheid-ridden 
South Africa. He was introduced, 
fir I-hand, ro th~ trouble of 
apartheid while very young. These 
impression remain with Clegg 
today and reflect greatly in his work. 

Born to a cabaret singer and an 
Engl ish father who lefl when he was 
6 months old, Clegg was rai ed by 
hi mother and stepfather. Clegg 
explained in a recent interview that 
it was hi mother who allowed and 

supported legg 's music as well as 
providing "a moral ba is for my 
perceptions. She i a very fei ty. 
tough, and clever woman." 

"When I was nine weemmigrated 
to Zambia, a raciall -integrated 
country where I attended school for 
two years. The school was racially 
integrated and I had black teachers," 
Clegg aid. 

Upon hi return to South Africa, 
Clegg fo und tha t he did not 
understand the political and social 
tumult surrounding black and white 
race relations. He s imply viewed 
people as people. This is how he 
came 10 meet the man who put him 
on the road to becoming a Zu lu and 
a mu ician. 

" I had been play ing Celtic 
music." Clegg explained, "primarily 
because it was the only relationship 
I could have with th is mythical 
person who is my real father." 

But one evening when Clegg 
was twelve years old, there was a 
change. He passed a man who was 
playing guitar in the street; the tune 
stopped Clegg and enthralled him. 
Since that day Clegg and Charlie 

The UCSD Guardian 

Mzila have been friend . 
"Every day I took my guitar up to 

his fiat after school, he had a cheap 
steel-string guitar that made an 
inc redi bl e sound ," C legg 
remembered. 

This was not as easy as it eems, 
however. The apartment manager, a 
white man, did not approve of this 
illicit ac tivi ty of a white boy and a 
black man playing music together. 

"I used to have to sneak in," 
Oeggsaid, "because ifheknew that 
r was there, he'd chase me out." 

After several months of thi s, the 
whole conflict fi nally came to a 
head in Mzila's apartment. The 
manager came in, apparently after a 
few drinks, and tried to throw Clegg 
out by his shirt. Mzila rose to de fend 
Clegg. 

"They had a fight, I was really 
stunned," Clegg explained. " I had 
never had anyone fight for me like 
that I realized T vegota real buddy. ' 
Charlie risked much for me by doing 
this, his job and maybe even a 
whole lot more, ju t so we could 
play music. This was my first major 
cros ing point into the Zulu world." 

During the time C legg was 
playing with Mzila, Charlie would 
take him to a local black worker 's 
hostel, where he leamed traditional 
Zulu dance and song. This wa 
con idered illegal in South Africa, 
so Clegg and Mzila had to make a 
deal with the guards to leI him in. 

Although Clegg was actually 
arrested several times, he always 
seemed to manage. "I was usually 
able to pay a fine or talk my way out 
by saying ' Look. 1 ju t don ' t 
understand what' going on here," 
Clegg mused. 

Clegg continued to return to the 
ho tel and he joined the local 
compound's dance team. which 
would compete against other groups. 
Although he was white, Clegg wa 
quite welcome , he assumed : 
"Everyone was so friendly . I was 
accepted and made to feel 
wonderful. " 

After a time Mzila was forced to 
leave his flat and Clegg was left 
without a musical collaborator. But 
Mzila 's cousin introduced Clegg to 
a young native South African guitar 
player named Sipho Mchunu. Now 

A Checking And VISa Package 
Even An Econ Professor Could Love. 
Well Fargo offers checking 
at $3.50 per month, 
6 month free Visa member hip, 
plus free shirt and shades. 

Opcn a \\'!ells Fargo tudem 
ATM Checking " 
Account anJ pay only 
$3.50 a month, 
with no monthly 
fees during the 
three summer 
months. We're ready 
to give you credit, too-with 
free Student Visa mem-
ber hip for 6 months, and 
a growing credit line. We're even giving away 100% cotton 
Wells Fargo t-shirts and hot neon shade. 

You'll get a ll the checking you need with the 
Well Fargo Student ATM Checking A ccount. And 
you'll save money by doing all yo ur banking through 
any of our more than 1300 Wells Fargo Express~ ATMs 
statewide. ATM Checking also gives you 
unlimited check-writing with no per-
ch ck charge, no charge at our 
Expre s ATMs, and 24-hour 
person-to-person phone 
ervice. 

A. 
a college 

student, 
you're qualified 

to apply for our 
pecial Student 
Visa card. 

And start 
building 
your own 
credit 

history. A ll Junior College students who open a Wells 
Fargo checking account a re also eligible to apply for 
the tudent Visa. Look for Wells Fargo on campus or 
drop by any Wells Fargo o ffice to open a checking 
account and apply for our Student Visa card. 

O pen one account and you get a free pair of sun-
glas es, in your choice of six howling neon 

colors. Open both and we'll toss in 
a free neon Wells Fargo t-'hirt, 

Wells Fargo ATM Check-
ing and tudent Visa. pen 
your accounts today. 

WELLS FARGO BANK 
MembcrFOt 
O t99O, W FBN.A, Promotional Civcawa Whil ' upplie La I 

Friday, September 28, 1990 

at about 16 years of age, Clegg was 
becoming quite eriou about his 
mu ic. Hewas extremely impressed 
with Sipho's abilities. 

"Guitar playing there exists on 
two levels," Clegg explained. "The 
firs t is s imply adapting the 
traditional melodies and lyrics into 
your own style. The other is 
compo ing your own ong and 
making ocial comme ntary 
pertinent to that tone. Sipho could 
do this - he was at that level." 

The two formedaguitarduothat 
would keep Clegg and Sipho 
together as musicians until 1985. 
They started to compete with other 
guitar duos, as was the tradition. 

"The street guitar career is very 
competitive to make a name for 
yourself," joked Clegg. "But we 
probably had an unfair advantage. 
Being that 1 was white [sic], we 
were like a freak." 

Eventually, however, the two 
did make a name for themsel ves as 
a quality guitar duo. They formed a 
band called Juluku (the Zulu word 
for"Sweat"). They released several 
records, and achieved limited 
success in Europe and Africa. 

Yet despite the group 's 
international success, the South 
African police continued to break 
up and hassle Juluku's concerts. 

"I had a hard time understanding 
and dealing with the fact that what 
1 was doing by playing with black 
people was criminal ," Clegg 
declared. "1 just wanted to play 
music, not be a political activist." 

Eventually Clegg dec ided to 
attend a university. His first teacher 
at the University of Witwaterand 
was a man named Dr. David 
Webster. Because of C legg's 
interest in African culture, the two 
became friends. 

Webster "was a devout political 
anti-apartheid activist," Clegg said. 
"We had debates and discussion 
that were major forces in shaping 
my opinions." 

Clegg and Sipho continued to 
put out records. However, Webster 
convinced Clegg to become an 
anth ropology lecturer in 1977 . 

"It was a natural extension of 
my love for African culture," Clegg 
explained. 

Juluku disbanded in 1985 when 
Sipho decided to retu rn to his 
fam ily 's livestock business. Clegg 
then formed Savukua with two 
fo rmer Juluku members, 
percussio!1ist Du du Zulu a nd 
drummer Derek DeBeer, as well as 
keyboardist/saxophonist Keith 
Hu tchinson, keyboardist Steve 
Mauuso, bassistSolly Letwaba, and 
Clegg on guitar and lead vocal. 
Clegg and percussionist Zulu also 
do traditional Zulu dancing in their 
live performances. 

The band recorded their first 
album called Third World Child, 
which went gold and platinum all 
over Europe and Africa. Their 
follow-up album Shadow Man was 
equally successful. Things began 
to happen for Clegg and Savuka. 
They were invited to play the 
Amnesty International show in 
Ivory Coast and the performed at 
the S .O .S. Racisme concert in 
France in front of half a million 
people. 

Clegg then came to Los Angele 
to begin work on Savuka's third 
album, one which he hoped would 
bring commercial success in the 
United States. While Clegg was in 
Los Angeles, his mentor Dr. 
Webster was shot and killed 

"David had been doing research 
in Mozambique: he apparentl y had 
uncovered information that linked 

See CLEGG, page 12 

Friday, September 28, 1990 The UCSD Guardian HIATPs 11 
-======--~- -

.-- degradauon of women may have The trIck is to cxprc.,~ It In 
without actuall) :'(lving It Prl''! _ 
I., known as one of the IIlC il.· 
bitious musicians to delivaroc '~ 
sexual anthem- with a do e ,I' 
spiritual redemption and gqod ,. 
evil. Released as the ound c. 
Prince's upcoming movie of rh 
same name, Graff . Bndg J; 

Jane's Addiction 
Ritual de 10 Habitual 
Warner Bros. 

"We have more influence over 
yOU! children than you do, but we 
Jove your children," wri tes lead 
singer Perry Farrell in the sleeve of 
Jane's Addiction'S latest release, 
Ritual de 10 Habitual. 

On Jane's Addiction's first 
major release (1988's Nothing's 
Shocking), this highly outspoken 
and controversial foursome (lead 
vocalist Perry Farrell, guitarist 
David Navarro, bassist Eric Avery, 
andpercussioni t Stephen Perkins), 
le t the ir mu ic sustain their self-
proclaimed stature as L.A.'s pre-
mier underground band. 

Following along the same lines 
as the critically acclaimed Shock-
ing, Rirual mixes stream-of-con-
sciousness lyrics with pulsating, 
candy-coated punk melodies. The 
result is nothing less than shock-
ing. 

Two songs particularly shine 
on Ritual. The album's opening 

cut, " Stop!" is by far its finest. 
"Stop!" interweaves hard-d ri ving 
guitar that thrashes and ~creeches 
its way across all musical bound-
aries, intelligent lyrics that plead 
for ecological change, and a post-
punk psychedelia. 

In addition, " Been Caught 
Stealing" shines with the strength Too $hort 
of its danceable rhythm and funk $hort Dog's In The House 
guitar, making it likely to become Sire Records 
a song with true Top 40 potential. Too Short 's last album, Life 

Whilethemajorityofthealbum Is ... , went platinum. $hort Dog's 
catapuItsalongatbreakneck speed, in the House went gold three days 
with heavy bass ri ffs, psycho-metal after it was released a couple of 
guitar jams, and e nthralling vocals weeks ago. And with hard-hitting 
(evident on "No One's Leav ing" c uts like the title c ut, " $hort But 
and "Ain ' r No Right"), Ritual al- Funky," " In the Oaktown," " Dead 
mo t self-destruc tsati tsmidpoint. or Al ive," and " Pimpo logy," it 's 

On tracks like ''Three Days" easy to see why. In Too Short's 
and "Then She D id .... " those same third album to be relea ed on the 
bass riffs become drawn out, the Jive label, he provides us with 
g u i tars repet i t i ve, and Perry plenty of beats and enough bas~ to 
Farrell's vocals downright annoy· bringthehousedown.Buttoomuch 
ing. Teo $hort gets too long. 

Yet, it regains its balance on the In" hort But Funky," one of 
last two songs C Of Course" and the best and certainly o ne of the 
"CIa ic Girl"), due to their en- funkiest cuts on the album, Too 
chanLing melodies. $ho rt alludes to his 1987 single 

AILhough Ritual de 10 Habitual " Freaky Tales," an X-rated hi t 
may not surpass N OThing's Shock- which real ly put him on the map: 
ing as a display for Ja ne's ..... cuz now I'm out makin' my 
Addiction ' mu ical prowess, it mail/lt all started out with a freaky 
does match its predecessor for l tale/lf that 's what sells then I'm a 
sheer, raw enrapturing songs. stick with it/$hort dog ain ' t 

In tum, Ritual may one-up changin ' 0 forget it." 
Shocking by catapulting Jane's It ' s still selling. but ifhedoesn' t 
Addiction into the realm of change soon, his stuff may not sell 
s·Jperstardom. forever. Too $hort's trademark 

-James E. Ingman dirty rhymes and his consistent 

Welcome to 
Inter VarsityCllrNian Fellowship 

What is Inter Varsity Christian Fellowship? 
Inter Varsity Christian Fellowship is an interdenominational 
fellowship with the vision of building fellowships al UCSD which 
engage the campus in all its ethnic diversity with the gospel of Jesus 
Christ and develop disciples who emrody bibJjcal values . 
How Can I Get Involved? 
We invite everyone to come and join us on Thursday nights at 7 p.m. 
(in the small ballroom of the Pric~ Center) for a time of fellowship, 
worship, prayer, and study of God's Word. 

Upcoialaa neats: Small ,roup bible stlldies Q/ each college 
91JO......Free breaJfos/ and ridef to duuch 

F_ lBGft IDlonutIGa coaI8d: 
Tom Brown (SS8-7801)) or Lila Toumajian (457-0295) 

The fundraiser lhal's working 
on 10 college campusesl 

Your campus group can earn up to 
$1 ()()() in just one week. No investment 

needed. Be first on your campus. A FREE 
gilt just for calling. 1:111 ... 

1_785-8m Ext.1I 

been funny once, bUllll this album 
mo. t of hi X rated ,tuff is dry, 

in~ulting (of ourse), and over 
u ed. In " Punk Bitch," "Hard on 
the Boulevard," and " Paula and 
Janet," he i either cutt ing in old 
lines from his previous albums or 
trying to let the drone o f the bassline 
carry him through. 

But don't get confused here-
despite the vulgarity, most of th is 
album is quite good. Too $hort 
won' t get into a whole lotoftrouble 
with this album, because he bal-
ances his X-rated, prurient interest-
type stuff with strong anti-drug 
and anti-crime messages in raps 
like " It 's Your Life" and " The 
Ghetto," the latter fea turing a 
catchy musical background. But 
as long as Too $hort incorporates 
his class ic braggadocio into hb 
raps, he will thrive. Too $hort can 
rap like no other, and he'll point it 
out time and time again in case you 
forget. 

Prince 
Graffiti Bridge 
Warner Bros. 

- Phil G ruen 

When you get down to it , po p 
music is for and about fucking. 

Prince's most re var rT and 
siste nt LP in years, a meaty me"u 
of original uptempo fu nkers and 
irresistible grooves. 

Prince delivers playful yet pro-
fOllnd mus ic. In " ew PO\/er 
Generation," Prince mixes Slick 
funk wi th ca lls for liberation from~ 
"old-fashioned mu ic" and "old 
ideas." In the upbeat "Elephant & 
Flowers," Prince proclaims "there 
will be peace 4 those who love God 
a lot." The spirituality gU ldmg th~ 
LP is a t once sensual, starrJing. and 
redemptive - a feast of profound 
words 10 light of today' chee5Y 
Top 40 banter. 

From the soaring guitar at the 
end of "Can't Stop This Feeling I 
Got," to the rising keyboard lay-
ered within " Love Machme." 
Prince 's studio escapades a re con-
sistently surprising and in~ightful. 

In a brilliant move. Pnr.ce fea-
tures various arn t such as the 
Time, George Clinton, G spel 
veteran Mavi s Staples, and teen 
newcomer Tevin Campbell. But 
it's Prince 's mastery of rock and 
funk m usic' tools,mystici m,and 
hi sexual outlook that keep the 
album dazzling. In Graffiti Bridge, 
Prince proclaims that "everybody 
is looking fo rlove." Isn ' t that what 
rock & roll is all about? 

-Melito Marcelo 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

30 TAN DAYS $29 
Call for details · 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Nol a temporary water loss ·Ileduce celluli1e and stretch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455-0909 EIIpi. 1013119O 

... , a store for everyone 

FUMING SPECIAL 
let us frame your choice of any poster in 
a black aluminum frame mounted on 

foam board with glass for only 
No! to exceed 24'x36' Whole si zes only. Price does not include poster. O ffer expires 10/31/ 90. 

UN,v ••• ,wrOWN.CIN" •• (Across from The Broadway) 452·7755 

U.OI •• ,.nlON 
of prints, posters, jewelry, 
T-shirts and unusual gifts 



'. 

.. 

12HIAT 

eneres 
continued from H1 
,Uowingdisclaimer; "Just take into 

c r h eration that it may n t make 
,se a ld my answers to your 

,uestions may und like om 
':J 1ITI." <n .' that, readers? 

You may remember seeing 
DeGenereson "1be Tonight how" 
n.unerous times ince her debut in 
19 I. Or maybe you've seen her 

howtim pecial. Or her HBO 
pe ial. The Comedy Channel 

ther 

n'l ring a 
bell, lOp tudying that organic 
chemi try and wat h me good old 
American late night televi ion! OK, 
la t chance. Do y u recall h r role in 
the now-defunct it om "Open 
Hou e" on the 0 network? 
DeGenere brought the "airhead 
secretary 'rolelonew height - -h-
played a girl 0 naive and innocent 
you couldn't help but take her side. 
But the show ,like man others, was 

can elled. But Ellen DeG ncre is 
tough. She'd paid her du , and 
little thing like a cancelled itcom 
couldn't top her from making us 
laugh. 

Originally from New Orleans, 
D G neres moved to perennial 
comedy town an Fran i co to 
perfect her craft. Within three years, 
she felt he was ready to move to 
Lo Angeles "to be seen." 

"The first time I did Carson, 
Johnny called me over, and he 

VER called women over. So I 
thought my life would be changed 

Her life did change, but it took 
hard work, many trong Carson 
appearances, and the will to tick it 
out for DeGencre to arrive at the 
top of her field. 

Although you will never hear 
th UC Regents agreeing with thi , 
DeGencres' decision to quit coUege 
didn ' t de troy her life as we are 
u ually led to believe. 

"} went to the University of 
New Orleans for about half a 

me ter. I hated it. I really hated 
it," DeGeneres said. "It was ju t that 

\6u cIont to be a 
~·or to look like one. 

With erurity Pacific's Student Banking 
Package you can be a finance major in 
no time. 

Here's lesson number one: Apply for a 
Visa or Mastercard along with a checking 
account and the rate on the card will 
drop a whole percentage point. We'll 
rebate the first year's membership fee 
and make applying relatively painless. 

Lesson two: You'll have unlimited 
ATM usage with no service charge on 
the checlcing account when you main-

tUn at least a $100.00 balance.* This balance require-
ment drops down to $1.00 during the summer. 
So you can keep stocked up on suntan oil without 
having to close your account and re-open it when 
it's time for school. 

And if you feel like getting a little extra credit 
in communications, use the free phone we're 
throwing in to spice lip that drab donn room. 
You'll also be getting a surprise free gift that'll 
help you organize your finances. 

So corne open your checking account today. After 
all, at Security Pacific all majors get A+ treatment 
~ 

• SECUAlI Y PACIFIC BANK 
~ want to be)OOf banldOc Iifi 

4305 La Jolla Village Dr. 453-2131 . 8813 Villa La Jolla Dr. 455-7294 
M("JlIber 11>IG t.''J'JO -,.. ... lInry ".uli< .uONI Ibnk ~,,,unty l'klfi< COrpo,..Oll" ( rl..tll or'! lW by ~'l1lr1'Y .... "Ii, Bmk N A 

·M;uamum of 1m dl.x .nd ""0 lIo-bDnch In/1Sa(DOIt.> p<'f ",0.011> h·k-phon< av.,t:obk at p;ifUuJUufl)! .... "OInty I';IoIk llank oIIiccs whll<- 'I'plOt: Usl 

Friday, September 28, 1990 
all my friends from high chool 
went to college 01 did too." 

Of course, the burning question 
remain , "Why did he hate it so 
much?" 

"Well, first of all," she aid, "I 
was very lazy. J like learning, but I 
didn't like having to how people 
what J learned. It just wasn't for 
me." 

Before starting omedy, h 
worked a number of job, uch as 
waitres ing (the standard job choice 
of starving comics, arti ts, actors, 
etc.), bartending, and working in a 
law office. It may have been her 
brother, one of the creators of the 
"Saturday NightLive"hit"Mr. Bill" 
that pu hed her into the direction of 
comedy. Nonetheles , her comic 
tyle - though inspired by Steve 

Martin and Woody Allen - i one all 
her own. 

"I like to think of my elf as the 
tand-up version of Gary Larson 

[TheFarSideJ,"DeGen re stated. 
"The greater the audience member' 
imagination, the more they are going 
to get out of my act." 

Maybe that's why he also 
mentioned that she would love to be 
on the televi ion show where 
imagination i a character in itself 
- "Twin Peaks." DeGeneres 
thought that "David Lynch would 
really like [her] humor." Maybe she 
could play Special Agent Cooper' 
my tery confidant Diane. 

Unlikesomeothercomic who 
use their act as a release for their 
deep-seated depres ion (i.e. 
Richard Lewi ). DeGeneres prefers 
to make people leave her show 
feeling good. Hopefully, thi noble 
concept will expand throughout the 
comedy world. 

DeGeneres ' acti refre hing in 
that it doe n ' t preach, and it really 
does t offend. 

As he said herself, " I do the 
kind of stuff that makes ME laugh. 
I just want to entertain people." 

Clegg 
continued from H10 
the South African government with 
illegal raci t activities there that the 
South Africans had said they were 
no longer a partof," Clegg explained. 
"They assassinated him." 

The shock of Webster's death 
rendered Clegg totally unable to 
work. His manager arranged a short 
tour of Europe to aid in this shock. 
Soon afterwards, Clegg delivered a 
peech on South African music as 

the keynote address at the New 
Music Seminar last year in New 
York. It was during this time that 
Clegg began to realize the absurdities 
of what was going on in South Africa 
and what happened to him there. 
These passions created Savuka's 
third album, Cruel, Crazy ,Beautiful 
World. 

1be album contains some very 
stirring portraits of the world. 
Although some negativity is 
highlighted in this record, it contains 
hope and a vi ion for the future. 
Inspired by his son Jes e, his wife 
Jenny, David Webster, and Zulu 
tradition, the songs on Cruel,Crazy, 
Beautiful World are a mixture of 
beautiful, energetic music with 
stirring images of our world. 

Jotumy Oegg and Savuka pack 
their live shows with African and 
contemporary music as well as 
traditional Zulu dancing. They are 
famous for their live shows and 
hould not be missed. They wilJ 

appear at the Price CenterBal I room 
on Monday, Oct. I, at 8:00 p.m. 

TIck ... : Students$1S, $17 
day of show. Info 534-6467 


