
UCSD Clips ................. .. .... ... 2 
Opinion .................. .......... ..... 4 
Features ............ ............ .. ..... 7 
Arts & Entertainment ......... . 1 0 

Examining the 
Hollywood Evils 

Men's Hoop 
Takes Tip-Off 

Sports ........... ...................... 20 .... Bowery's 'Speed the Plow'/10 Tritons win two and tourney/20 

University of California, 
San Diego 

The UCSD 
MONDAY 
November 26, 1990 
Vol. 71 , No. 25 

Atkinson Supports RIMAC 
Facility in Us Current Form 
• In a memo, Chancellor rejects the 
Academic Senate's proposed changes 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

Chancellor Richard Atkin on 
re jeeted proposed tructural changes 
in the pJaIlIied Recreation Intramu-
ral and Athletic Center (RIMAC) 
submjtted by the Repre entative 
Assembly of the Academic Senate. 
calling their concern "overly pe~-
imistic.'· 

lnamemola: tMonday.Atkin on 
re ponded to an Oct. 23 cademic 

nate re olution that uggested he 
consider variou desigll elements 

mtend~d to reduce the negative 
Impa:;t of RIMAC on the surround-
109 campus. mcluding a reduction 
of ize. 

the plan approved by the tudent 
referendum," Atkin on 's memo 
stated. 

Atkinson cited specific compo-
nents in the current RIMAC plans 
which minimize ound, interference 
with the surrounding community. 
and structural size as p rceived by 
nearby facilitle and r~creatlOnal 
land. 

In addition, Atkin on argued that 
the structural hanges proposed by 
the AcademiC Senate would \; iolate 
the term of the reftr~ndum ap-
proved by students la'>t pnng ilIld 
Igned by tkinson 10 Septemher. 

Such a \Iolatlon would nulllt} thl.! 
referendum. 

Dan McDoweJVGuardian 
Look Out! - The Shiley Eye Center, which will include an outpatient clinic and exam facility 
in addition to labs and offices, nears completion. The building is located across Interstate 5. 

"After considering the Senate 
resolution in the light of planning 
exigencies and long-range campus 
needs, I have decided that the van-
ous mitigating fac tors proposed by 
the a:rchltect are sufficient to meet 
Senate concerns wi thin the term of 

." decision to nullit) the refer-
endum and re-open negotiations 
with the student body would entail 
everal years of delay and conten-

tion, probably re ulting in a failure 
to build adeq uate recreational 

See RIMAe, page 12 

New Student Information Service 
Will Affect Fee Payment System 
• Bursar says ISIS will require timely payments 
By Eric Schmidt 
Staff Writer 

UCSD students can usually look forward 
to numerou payment lines niling around 
campus at the beginning of each quarter. 

Beginnjng ne t quarter, however, lines 
will begin to di appear as ISIS, the Integrated 
Student Information System, come on-line. 

ISIS, a ca:rnpus-wide computer sy tern 
which bega:n to come on-line July 1, will bring 
all tudent fi nancial information into one sys-
tem. In addition, by Spring Quarter, tudents 
will be able to register for courses through 
ISIS. 

According to U SD Bur ar Howard 
Fisher, the new sy tem will bring many ben-
efits to the tud nt population. 

"It will centralize all billings for student ," 
he aid. This means that, ~ rexa:rnple, housing 
payments will now be made at the Cashier's 
Office along with registration fee . 

ISIS, which Fisher calls a "long-term so-
lution" to the long lines on campu , will also 
keep tudents with financial aid out of too 
many line . 

For those tudents, "Regi tration fees will 
be automatically off et again t financial rud," 
Fisher aid. Financial aid tudents will no 
longer need to wait in line to pick up checks 
for fee . 

What the new ervice amount to, accord-
ing to Fi her, i "a one-stop hop - you can 
pay for everything at one place." 

Ho\\ ever, ISIS will neces itatemore timely 
payments. 

"The whole procedure require more ex-
ten ive planning," Fi her aid. "We're all 0 
interdependent on each other." 

To acq uaint students with the ISIS y tern, 
Fisher and other financial taffer are con-
ducting acampajgn which will include adver-
tising and communication through the student 
orientation program. 

Financial service staffers are al 0 cam-
paigning to reduce lines through mail and 
drop box payment. . Pu rung the slogan "Get 
with the Program," Fisher hopes students will 
mail fee payments by Dec. 15 or drop fee in 
the box at the Ca hier's Office by Dec. 19. 

According to Fi her, "Hi torically, the 
longest line are dUling the January registra-
tion. Student a:recaughtup in holiday a tivitie 
and tend to let it slip." 

Financial rod tudents may further avoid 
lines through early check di bur ement. Stu-
dents may pick up their financial aid check 
for Winter Quarter early. between Dec. 26 
and 28. 

For further promptness, the behind-the-
scene taff at the Ca hier's Office will be 
increased at the beginnjng of next quarter. 

"We cannot proces mail and drop box 
payment much more efficiently" with ut 
more taff members, Fisher aid. 

According to Fisher, all the improvements 
in the UCSD financial system mean better 
ervice. 

"We are unique in tudent ervi e, based 
on my experience with otheruruversitie acro 
the U.S.," he aid. 

With 18,000 tudent now attending 
UCSD, taffers are trying to proce pay-
ments as efficiently as po ible, accordjng to 
Fi her. 

"There i no other university with better 
service," he aid. 

McKay Suggests that UCSD 
Campus Security is 'Lax' 
• Vice President External takes 'Safety Walk' 
By Rachel Blackburn 
Staff Writer 

After leading a walk through campus to 
point out dangerou areas, A ociated 
Students Vice President External Molly 
McKay aid last week that he i looking 
into developing a long-range plan for Im-
portant afety progra:rn . 

Accorrung to McKay, campus ' ecurity 
is "lax" a:nd ne ds improvement. To un-
derscore the problem, he led a .. afety 
walk" through ca:mpu . 

UC D Police Chief John Anderson. 
Campus ecurity Advi or ancy Wallig, 
and repre entati ves from Physical Plant 

ervice and Parking ervice al 0 par-
ticipated in the walk. 

During th walk, McKay pointed out 
that more ljghting is needed at huttle 
top , on major inner-campu walkway , 

and in the parking lot . The group al 0 
noticed that a number of outdoor lights on 
campus have burned out. 

" afety on campu i lacking in a lot of 
re pects- both in preventative and trauma 
matter," McKay aid. 

She explained that UCSD doe not 
have a 24-hour rape hotline a:nd i the only 
UC campu not to have a paid taff mem-
ber at it Women's Re ource Center a:s 
e amples. 

"The ca:rnpus i kimping on tudents' 
rights to have a afe environment and to 
get proper treatment if an incident doe 
occur," McKay aid. "I think we will ee 
more and more incidents as both thecampu 
and San Diego get bigger and bigger." 

According to McKay, many of the 
unlit areas are on it where construction 
i taking pIa e or i to take place in the 
future. Before acon truction firm i hired, 
she rod. its contract should have a clause 
guaranteeing that it will keep the area 
well-lit. 

McKay also aid there should be more 
call boxe where tudent can c ntact the 
Community ervice Offi er (CSQ) E -
cort Servi in well-lit area:s on campus. 
At pre ent, tudent can all CSO from 
Emergency Call Boxe which are gener-
ally placed in badly lit areas, she ajd. 

In contra t, Anderson "aid that the 
UCSD campus is extremely afe. 

"The stati ti s refle'ct that we have a 
very afe campus and that people in general 
feci afe," he rod. "We continuall try to 
maintain a high level of ecure lighted 
walkway ." 

While Anderson admit more lighted 
walkway could be added, he aid that " it 
i incumbent upon peopl tou ethelighted 
area rather than bla ting the whole 
campu with light." 

The .S. hope ' to in tall Eric on 
phonesinbooth in places uchaslibrarie • 
o that tudent do not need to walk to 

unlit area:s to call a CSO. McKay aid that 
the in tallation will hopefully be com-
pleted by the end of January. 

The end of January will al 0 feature a 
"Safety Awarene Week," McKay aid. 
During the week there will al 0 be "Cri i 

elf-Defen e" c1asse • and the A. . will 
See SAFETY, page 12 



Sioux Special Chief to Speak at 
UCSD About Stolen Indian Land 

Phil tevens, Special 
Chief of the Great Sioux 
Nation. will dl CUS his at 
tempts to gam rep.lrations 
forlandtakenfromthe. ioux 
by the U.S. government 
Thursday from 6 to 8 p .m. in 
mee Center Gallery A. 

When Stevens was ap-
pointed as special chief. he 
elected to sell hi s profitable 
engineering company sothat Chief Phil Stevens 
he could devote bis fuJI attention to helping the Sioux 
people receive reparations for the illegal confiscalion of 
land in the Blaclc HilI of South Dakota. 

The confi cation took place in 1877 after the govern-
men! attempted to ~tarve the Sioux into submission while 
trymg to force the nation to cede its sacred land. After the 
attempt failed, was pa~sed to take the land away. 

On June 30. 19 0, after the longest court case in rhe 
history ofth.: United States, (US. I ' . Sio/L\ Nation a/lruJi-
ans) the Supreme court referred to the confiscation as a 
"ripe and rank case of dishonorable dealing. ,. 

To date, the Sioux have not had any land returned to 
them, and no reparations have been made. 

Calvin and Hobbes 

w.,11 MY DIO C tI.~ 'at. 
F tl.t.\OIlS I nG\JR'e. I 'f,/ 
\.loRE nit. LEGENDARY 

PI:: , 

nb Potter's Ceramic Artwork 
To Be Displayed in Grove Gallery 

C r \\ are U1:'\l~(1 111 a , cntuncs-old Britb h iUslic 
tr,IJ.tion b. Bl lti,h poller"ctll 
C.II\k ,. will be shown at til,' 

'£O\'< (jailer) beginning 
Thu r~ll.l) and continuing 
Ihrough Jan . 1~, 1991. TIle 
\: xhibition. ti tled "Seth 
Cardew: Three General1on~ 
of English Potters," will also 
fwmre the workofCardew' s 
farh r. Michael. and son Ara. 

TIlere will be a reception for Seth Cardew from 6 to 8 p.m. 
on Saturday, Dec. 1 at the gallery. 

Award-Winning Play Performed by 
Students Set to Begin Wednesday 

"The Conduct of Life," an award-winning play by Maria 
Irene Fornes, will be staged at 
the Warren Theater from 
Wednesday through Sunday. 

Curtain time is 8 p.m. from 
Wednesday through Friday, 
Saturday at 2 p.m. and 8 p.m., 
and Sunday at 7 p.m. Ticke~ 
are $12 for general adrnis ion, 
$10 for seniors, and $6 for stu-

dent~, and may be purchased at 
the UCSD Box Office or at the 
door. 

··The Conduct ofUfe" is the 
Slory of a dysfunctional mili- 'Conduct of Life' actors 
tary offieer whose cruel treat- Torres & Miranda 
ment of his family is said to be 
a metaphor for dysfunctional Latin-American politics. 

by Bill Watterson 

BUI I10W C~N WE 
"m:~SE 11-l .. MIG~I'( 
Sr-lOW OCMoN'S. If 
WE ~\ SKRlt\CE 
""" ~HN£S~' 

'!'InL ~'IE '" 
W~R\Ii ""\t{I'C.~! 

I I 
- I 

ON \\I.E OWER \-\~l\\) , \j£j>.IJU{ 
'flOJ...Dt\'t BE ~ ~ N\CE 
NlflIOUr TIGEQS EI\tIER . 
I WOJUl \ & \\APP'\ If 

WE~ W8l£ \ ~ n £RS 
10 110\'::6 \\1.£.\1\ 

.\tond.t\ 

.. Inc Conduct III I.Ift''' " a pf{l(iL. I 1 
gmdual<: ~1ll(lcl1t s III the 1 CSD 1·11'1 II' ITI III 
ater Progmm. \\hll'il is kll hy .IOf 'l IlucIt,! 

'l1k prodUl [\on h (i1rct:teu b\ RobcIlP ( UIit'1T III 
~Iagc managcrls Deborah Vandell,'lIti T ire last lilt! Hi<=.' 
Michael Torres, Wanda Arriaga. \nllalillo Olll'g,l. Sui 
Miranda, and C:.rnncn Sosu. 

Gospel Choir Set to Sing ' omorrow 
Nearly 500 voices strong. the UCSD Gospel ChOirwill 

perforn1 contemporary and traditional gospel sung~ at 8 
p.m. tomorrow in Mandeville Auditorium . 

Under the direction of Ken Ander~on, the choir will 
sing such songs as "Oh Lord We Pra ise You,'·"Worth} IS 
the Lamb," "Oh Happy Day," "We Come to Praise Him," 
··Don't Wait lil the BattIe is Over," and " Hold On to Hh 
Hand ." 

Seating is limited. Due to the popularity of the event, it 
is recommended thatseatingbealT'angedatlhe UCSD Box 
Ortice prior to the concert. Admission i~ free. 
Muir Senior is One of Six california 
Students to be Awa rded Scholarship 

Muir College senior Kimberly Day has been awarded 
one o f six. $1 ,000 
scholarship offered to 
California students by 
the California Asso-
ciation of Student Fi-
nancial Aid Adminis-
trators. 

Day, a sociology 
major, was the only 
student from the entire 
UC system selected for 
the scholarship by the 
association. 

Roger HayashI/Guardian 
Muir Senior Kimberly Day 

GUAKnIAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, Managing Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, Opinion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, Associate Sports Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Sports Editor 
JAMES COWER, Design Editor 
GREG DIXON, Associate Opinion Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMILTON, Associate News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, Associate News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, AssocIate Arts Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, Associate Arts Editor 
PETER KO, Associste Sports Editor 
JENNIFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Associate Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, ArtsiEntertBinment Editor 
MEL MARCELO, AssociBte Graphics Editor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, Associate Features Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, Associate Photo Editor 
JULIE PUZON, Features Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Editor 
JASON SNELL, News Editor 
RIMAS UZGIRIS, Photo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, Associate Features Editor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, Arts/Entertainment Editor 

Senior Staff Writers: Antor. Bittner. Bryan Dlas, Brian Itow, Marre Paslernak, 
Michael Schwartz 
Staff Writers: John Asuncion, Steven Bach, Zachary Berman, Paul Bishop, 
Waller Bitts, Rachel Blackburn, Ken Boulton, Gavin Christy, Paula Correa, 
Tammy Crawford, James Darlow, Robb Earnest, David Ferris, Andrew 
Gayton, Kerry Hall, Amy Knoke, Cory Lidschin, Sherry Lowrance, Jennifer 
Meadows, Ken Perlman, Traci Powell, Debbie Rosenthal, Emily Rubin,John 
Ruud, Eric Schmidt. Doug Shaddle. Julie Sherman. Gregory Waypa. Caitlin 
Woodthorpe, Sheryl Wolcott, Chris Zaharias 
Photographers: Greg Benes, Dan Cripe, Steve Gavino. Robert Hayashi, 
Dan McDowell, Jenny Vann 
Illustrators: Mike Cavna, Carin Lew, Leigh Anne McConnaughey, Katy 
Roe, Helen Tse, Marc Uptergrove 
EdHoriat Assistants : Tricia Henry, James Ingman, David Lowell 
Typists: Melissa Fawf. Ari KrawllZ, Sean O'Connell. Dave Wyner 
Copy Readers: Rachel Blackburn. Hilary Blankenhorn. Aaron Cheesman. 
Greg HuffsWner, Ari Krawitz, cami Little, Brenda O'Sullivan, Julia Palolay, 
Martha PaJolay, Jessie Springer, Karla Slange 
Production: Donna BlQley. Grace Chui. Kathie Gossett, Laura Proctor, 
Suzy Weaver, Dave Wyner 
Training Director : Selh Sialer 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
Advertising RepresenUllives: Sherry Freudenberger. Tern Scharler, Doug 
Shaddle 
Advertising Assistants: Leanne Belongie , Daniel CalVI, Paolo Valladolld 
Circulation: Dan,el Calvi, Joe Lee. Ming Lin 

TI'o uo:so GwltfWlop.illshod ...... 1I< w.......,.". .... 110.,,<1.<'11 ... _,.. by and .. 
NWdfWUotl.CSO. ~oIhlntW$pIptI',.tfftlOm\wh,,*fI'lltdeQj'inpwl, W'fwlp8IrllS6G'l 
'A'ICIv~Clht:*c1CI990 .. ~rtWI'Id. ThtUCSO~"r1Oif~IorIt'ltrtM'n~"""*"«I 
1I'oIfkISa(ltS Of lit Tht YItWS IXp'tsWd WI ~ WCI tqltd IeIn Of COflYIWitlllS ci> flQ( ~ 
ftp'tSn .... op"IOnS 01 Tht ucso ~ 'If l)'weIiIy d Calibl\l (t I'll ~ad St..ci!nts The 
_ •• Jncr.lloI .... by."."ong llw .. """"11'" '" ....... 01 puo1l>In p •• 

EOIorioI: 534-0580, llusineo. Office: 534-3466, Fax: 534·7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Monday, November 26, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

CEP Considers 
Pass-No Pass 
For Music 95s 
• Orchestra, ensembles, 
choirs would be affected 
By Melinda Hamilton 
Associate News Editor 

Amid concerns that some students. enroll 
in performance classes solely 10 boost their 
GP As, a new policy under consideration by 
the Committee on Educational Policy (CEP) 
would limit the number of times a student can 
take a class in the Music Department's 95 
series for a letter grade. 

The series consists of several performance 

MUSIC POLICY: Related Editorial/4 
classes including orchestra, wind and jazz 
ensembles. and concert and gospel choirs. All 
music majors are required to enroll in a per-
formance course each quarter while pursuing 
a degree. 

The courses may be taken for two units, 
with the exception of Gospel Choir, which 
may be taken for two or three units, the. latter 
requiring attendance at extra coneen s. 

Roger Revelle, Scripps Institution of Oceanography professor emeritus and Revelle College 's namesake, was 
presented the United States' highest award for scientific achievement on Nov. 13. The National Medal of Science was 
presented to Revelle by President George Bush and First Lady Barbara Bush. According to the citation that went along 
with the medal, Revelle won the award for his pioneering work in a var/etyof fields, including oceanographic exploration, 
the biological effects of radiation in marine environments, studies of human population growth and global food supplies, 
and the relation of carbon dioxide to the Earth 's climate. Revelle, 81, was deeply involved with the creation of UCSD 
in 1964. 

The new proposal wou Id allow students to 
take the classes fora maximum of six units for 
a letter grade, and then an unlimited number 
of times on a pass/no pass basis, according to 
Carol Plantamura, the acting chair of the 
Music Department. 

Currently, students can take performance 
classes an unlimited number of times for a 
letter grade. 

"The CEP originally wanted 10 have it so 
a stlldent could onl y take the course for a letter 

See CEP, page 12 

CELEBRATING 10 YEARS OF SERVICE 

UC'SD SPECIALS V.', I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
~ Mltsubish. Isuzu Acura Dalhatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up'Special $35 *(;eg.·$55) 
1. Spark plugs Our rune up includes a /01 more than others. II includes: 
2. Distributor points 6. Clean & replenish all fluid & oil levels 10. Check undercarriage tor damages 
3 Condensers 7. Check brakes 11 . Check rooting system & hoses 
4. Adjust tmng 8. Check clulch 12 Road tesl 
5. Adjust dwell angle 9. Check lights .. 

35-p~lnt Major Service Special $69* 
I . Compress.oo tesl Extra 'orfueHnJ8d~. Our major I~ up ,nciudes. . (reg. $150) 
?. Vai'Je adjustmen: 11 Adjust timing 21. Check & replenish all 28. Check and recharge 

Replace' 12. AdjlJst dwell angle lIuld and oilleYels banery. if necessary 
3. Valve CO\'er gaskel 13 Adjust carburetor 22. Check efetncaJ system 29. Rotate lires (If needed) 
4 Spark plugs 14. Adjust steering box 23. Check for loose or lost 30. Check bre pressure 
5. Distributor points 15. Adjus arr & fuel ralio mix bolts 31 . Lube dooI hinges 
6. Condensers, 16. Adjust clutch 24. Check brakes 32. Check all holders 
7. Air hHer. 17. Adjust brakes 25. Check clulch 33 Check ccooling system & 
8. Oil filler. 16. Adjust emergency brakes 2ti Check hghts hoses 
9. Gas filler. and 19 Check & adjust exposed 27 Check undercarriage lor ' 34 Check exhaust sys(em 
10. Englneo~ belts damages 35. Road lest 

20. Lube from end 
Noto. FOf 6-<yIonder cars add S20 r oyota 5<l>'as. add $30 Datsun 200SX wo1h 8 oparl< plugs. add $35 

Complete Clutch Job $169 * 
We replactJ: . 

1. Transmission ,npu1 shaft seallexcept 4. ThrowOllt bearing Note: Hydtaufic perls are nol covered. 
Hondas 5. PliOl bearings Not tor 4WD. From wheel drIVe extra 

2. Pressure plate 6. New tranSlTllssion oil . . 
3. CMch disc 7 Road lest . 

Brake Job Special $39 *(~~g . ~O) 
Fronl or rear. Brake JOb IfICiudes:. . 

1. !nstaU special new pads or install rear brake shoes 5. Bleed emue brake sysllim 
2 Dram old brake Huid 6. Adjust front (II <turns) and rear~oes 
3. Inspect complele hydraulic system 7. Replace Iront rOlor seals Ot rOlor lUrn) 
4. Relill hydrauhc fluid 8. Road test ' . 
Not • • Hydtaulc jlIII1$ .... not _ 

Brand new ..-ta. Ask ~ our special rat •• for -netne oveitwula. 
All our work ..... 2-y .. or 2O,0000mI1e unilted w..,....y. 

All prtces In:'~"~. end leboi' • . 

ovetSSUS ( ·:~:::riHnar · Rd .• HJ.990 Au ...... " Rlpllrs Offer good thlough Dec. 26: 1~ Wl1h 1his ad. 
. . - ... ~II lor aPP9tntmenl. 

d • 1 . ·. ·1 •• 
Towing and rental car available. Monday-Friday, 7:30 am·6 pm. Open Saturday 

. . , 

#\~~~~~(b 
[Q)~~~<@lNJ [§[R{ 
~©lM~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

0-90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

• Iweeas • B.U.M. Equipment 
I • Big Dog • Limited Express 

r-----------------------, 
: 1 0°'0 0 F F ~~~~~~~~aSeSOnIY ,: lIe Exp. 12/3/90. I L _______________________ ~ 

Wed.-Sat. l1am-6pm 
Su~day 12 noon-5pm 1\' [ H 0 IA JOlll . 

lilLIe! r, um 

• APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE • 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 

Miramar, Califomia 
(619)-450-3323 . 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN, Managing Editor 
JASON SNELL, News Editor 
BE BOYCHUK, OpiOlon Ed,tor 

TIte UCSD Guarditut is published three rimes ..... eel.. It the Uft1\'ersit)' of Cabforml. San Diego. 
ContentS ClI990. Viewscxpresscd hf.rem ~ptesenl the maJOrIty '<Io,e of theedi tonal botrd, and arc not 
necessarily those of the UC Board of RegenlS.lh¢ ASUCSO, nor the enure G/IQ.f'Jt.an staff 

EDUCATIONAL POLICY 

Leave the Letter A one 
The Committee on Educational Policy (CEP) is worried 

that students are enrolling m musi classes imply forthe sake 
of boosting their GPAs. The CEP hope:. to put a stop to these 
perceived abuses by placlOg a limit on the number ot quarters 
a student rna take a music ensemble cour e for a letter grade. 
Suchamove would be unfonunate . Music performance classes 
provide a pleasant alternative from the day-to-day humdrum 
of a lecture hall, while maintaining an educational atmosphere. 
Music performance may not be as difficult as AMES 121 or 0-
Chern, but a perceived lack of difficulty should not necessarily 
dictate whether or not a student should be given the letter-
grade option. 

The courses in question are all from the Music Department's 
95 series, which includes orchestra, wind and jazz ensembles, 
and concen and gospel choirs. All of the courses may be taken 
for two units , except for gospel choir, which may be taken for 
two or three units. 

Currently, students may take any number of the,e courses 
for a letter grade. However, under the CEP ' new proposal , 
students would be allowed to take a ma»imum of six units of 
perfonnance classes for a letter grade. Any additIOnal clas es 
could only be taken on a pass/no pass basis. 

According to CEP Chairman Richard Madsen, some people 
are concerned that tudents may be using the current policy to 
get an easy "A." That may be true. But when oneconsider~ the 
relative weight of an "A" in a two-unit ensemble class against 
a " B " or a "C" in a four-unlt Economics class, the "A" won ' t 
help much. Even if the series of cour es is taken over a four-
year period, the accumulated grade~ may only amount to 
around 24 units . 

While 24 units of "A"s could be helpful, they only amount 
to a fraction ofa student's cumulative GPA. In most cases, the 
only students that really take performance classes over a 
period of four years are music majors, not because they want 
to raise their GPAs, but because they are required to do so. 

Music is not the only department facing this sort of preju-
dice. The Physical Educanon Depanment has long been the 
target of educational policy discrimination. Current policy 
dictates that students may only apply a maximum of three units 
ofPE classes toward graduation. Futhennore, PE classes may 
only be taken on a pass/no pass basis. 

The problems with the PE policy are the adverse conse-
quences it has on intercollegiate athletics. Currently, 
intercollegiate athletics are treated the same as PE courses, 
which means student athletes may only receive half-a-unit per 
quarter. This also means that students who participate in 
intercollegiate athletics for four years will only receive three 
units toward graduation. Yetthese students are required to put 
much more time into their chosen sport than they would for any 
four-unit course, often at the cost of taking fewer overall units. 
This is certainly no fault of eitherthe P .E. orthe Intercollegiate 
Athletic Depanments, but rather, student athletes probably 
have the CEP to blame. 

Most intercollegiate athletes at UCSD rarely take a 
courseload in excess of 12 units, with 12 units as the minimum 
a player must take in order to be eligible to participate. 
Intercollegiate sports, no matter what diVIsion, require a great 
deal of time and dedication. And becauseofUCSD's Division 
III status, athletes receive little compensation fortheir partici-
pation - participation which often comes at some expense to 
greater academic achievement. A fair deal for intercollegiate 
athletes would be to give four units, rather than a mere half 
unit, per quarter of participation. It would more than compen-
sate for their time and effort. 

Letter grades, at the very least, are incenti yes for students 
to participate in ways they might not have before. Would 
students sing for a "P" on their transcript? Pro!Jably not. A 
pass/no pass is not taken seriously. After all, a "C" is a pas ing 
grade. if students know they have to put out minimal effon for 
even less return, what is ~he use of taking the course? The 
Music Depanment encourages students now, as it should. The 
new music p licy would, like the PE policy before it, be a 
terrible, temble mistake. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 26, 1990 

BENSON 

It's Ninth Week and I've Got 
Serious Withdrawal Symptoms 
• After four long years at UCSD, what real 
difference will another 'W' make, anyway? 
By Bill Dowler, Copy Edit"r 

The "W" option is about the neatest thing to 
come along since sliced bread. I tell ya' , to be able 
to drop a class this late in the quarter without getting 
an "F' is pure heaven. 

For those of you not quite versed in the univer-
sity system, a "W" grade means that you dropped a 
course somewhere between the beginning of the 

flfthweek, 
and the end of 

~ninth 
week. In other 
words, you put 
everything off 
for so long 
that you're 
scrambling at 
the last minute 
to save your 
GPAandyour 
pride. If you 
wait too long, 

you have to pay a three dollar fine, but I think 
anyone with a "W" or two will tell you it's defi -
nitely wonh it. 

I have to admit, Fall Quarter 1990 will not be a 
high point in my academic career. I don't really 
know why. but just about everyone I know is saying 
the same thing. r don't get it - Fall Quarter is 
supposed to be when we're at our peak, not our 
worst. 

We're supposed to save Spring Quarter for 
daydreaming and all-around lack of motivation (So 
that's why everyone else only takes three classes .in 
the spring. I get it). So what went wrong? 

I'll tell you what went wrong -18, count them 
e-i-g-h-t-e-e-n units! And two, that's right, t-w-o 
upper-division Economics classes! One I can 
handle, but two .. . 

It's just a minor. And I only have two classes left 
before iI'S finished. All quaner I kept saying. 
"Please let me pass these classes. I don't care ifI get 
the lowest possible C-, just please let me pass these 
classes!"J even swore that I would never take 
another Economics class as long as r live. Appar-
ently, that wasn't enough. 

Now I'm not going to make a long list of 
excuses, or try to put tbe blame on someone else, 
'The blahs" just bit me real hard this quarter. 
Seriou Iy, I haven't had an ounce of motivation 

since September. Don't get me wrong, I like my 
classes -I just don't want to read for any of them. 
So, to make a long story shon, I haven't. 

If I only had three classes this quaner I'd be 
fine. It's that second Economics class that's got me 
bummed, I didn't pass the first midtenn, but then 
again I didn' t study for it very well, so it wasn't 
much of a surprise. I thought surely I would do 
much better on the other midtenn and the final. 
Heck, I was even going to study for them. Well, the 
second midtenn came up (much too quickly by the 
way) and although I did try to prepare for it, I still 
bombed. Ihoped and prayed that I might get even a 
Co, but it just wasn't meant to be. I knew it, I 
should never have tried to finish my minor this 
quaner_ 

So it's off to the cashier's office to pay my fme, 
and drop the class, I really thought I could pull this 
one off somehow, but lean't put off the inevitable 
much longer. It won't be my first "W," but 
hopefully it will be my last. Oh, I'll still finish the 
minor. " next quaner. 

I still remember my first "W," There I was, a 
naive freshman ... in Chemistry 6A. I had held my 
own in high school science classes, but 1 sure 
wasn't prepared for Chemistry 6A. No, math and 
science burnout zapped me relatively early in my 
college years. So that's when I Was introduced to 
the wonderful world of the "W." Unfonunately, 
we've become quite close friends. 

My second and third "W"s came in my sopho-
more year. As a result of a misunderstanding on 
behalf of a counselor (you knew I'd find someone 
somewhere to blame), I was enrolled in two 
courses where I had no business being, Ironically, 
they were supposed to be the last two classes I 
needed to finish my history minor. Unfonunately, 
the counselor's crea1ive interpretation of the history 
minor requirements meant that I had virtually 
wasted fi ve weeks out of my life, .. cbalk up those 
"W"s! 

So, this latest little ftasco has taught me a 
lesson: don't put things off thinking you can deal 
with them later. I did, and nOW the only way I can 
even attempt to justify this failure in my own mind 
is to say "So what's another 'W'?" Just because 
I've racked up another one doesn't mean I'm a bad 
person, just a lazy guy who thought he could pass 
on a minimal amount of effort - and found out he 
waswrong ... 

.' 

¥oi"tday, November 26,1990 The UCSD Guardian 
. ' . 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
... 

A.I.D.S. Myths Must Be Dispelled · .. 
I;d!tor: 
. 10 response to Zachary 

Berman 's anicle ("People Infected 
With AI.D.S. Need to be Identi -
ffed/' Nov. 16), I must say that he 
i " an extremely misguided and 
misinformed writer. First, to say 
thal pressure from the gay, lesbian, 
and bisexual community has "re-
sulted in the gloss ing over of some 
imponant facts about A.I.D.S.," is 
flat out wrong. 

] believe in giving credit where 
credit is due, and my hat goes off to 

th~ gay, lesbian, and bisex ual com-
mimity for being the first group to 
organize a massive nationwide re-
sponse to this epidemic. 

In New York City, the gay com-
munity was the first to found an 
Al.D.S. organization to educate 
the general public about this dis-
ease. It was the gays, lesbians, and 
bisexuals who were calling on the 
government for the unrestricted 
flow of information aboUl HIY (the 
virus that causes AI.D.S.), not the 
suppression of information. 

, Even to this day, gay direct ac-
tion groups like the A.l.D.S . Coa-
lition to Unleash Power are pres-
suring the government for the re-
lease of drugs like AZT, ddl , and 
'Compound Q, so that those people 
who do not meet clinical trial 
specifications can have access to 
these potential life-saving drugs . 
Therefore, Mr. Berman's statement 
that the gay community is "so de-

termined to prevent bad public re-
lations that they trample upon the 
health and safety of American so-
ciety," is in error. The truth is that 
the gay, lesbian, and bisexual 
community is fighting hard for the 
preservation of a ll society's health 
and safety. 

With respect to Mr. Berman 's 
proposed methods of keeping 
Al.D.S. in check, ] do not believe 
he has given any of his ideas in-
depth consideration. 

The requirement of an HIY an- . 
tibody test as a condition of mar-
riage will do nothing substantial 
enough to prevent the spread of 
this disease. He i basing the ma-
jority of his argument on the as-
sumption that couples are virgins 
when they are getting married, but . 
the reality of the mailer is that a 
majority of married couples en-
gage in sexual activity prior to 
marriage. Also, he ignores the fact 
that a person's my antibody sta-
tus can change. 

Getting a negative test result 
does not ensure that a person will 
be IllY negative for the rest of his/ . 
her life. 

As for requiring people seeking . 
health insurance to take the my . 
antibody test, this too will not halt 
the spread of the virus. This will 
only drive people living with 
AI.D.S. into financial ruin and . 
place an even greater train on the 
Medicare and Medicaid programs .. 

In an attempt to cut the cost of 
. benefits, insurance cor:npanies will 
. notcover"preexisting conditions," 

leaving the policy holders to pay 
for medical expenses out of their 
own pocket~ . 

For people with A.I.D.S. medi-
cal bills can often exceed$ 100,000. 
Unable to pay for the enonnous 
costs of medical treatment them-
selves, people living with A.I.D.S. 
will tum to government-run insur-
ance programs for assistance, pro-
grams that are funded by our tax 
dollars. This can only result in in-
creasing taxes to cover the costs of 
running these programs. 

Mr. Berman 's suggestion of 
tattooing the buttocks of people 
infected with HlY is the most pre-
posterous and offensive sugges-
tion I have ever heard, People who 
have AI.D.S. already bear an 
overwhelming stigma, and many 
face ostracism from their own 
friends and family members. They 
do not need the scorn of society 
physically placed upon· them. 

Unlike the Star of David that 
Jews were forced to wear on their 
clothes during World War n, a 
tattoo cannot be easily taken off. It 
can only serve to remind people 
with AI.D.S. thatthey are gOing to 
die a long, painful death. 

If we are to say that we are truly 
a humanitarian society, and want 
to help our fellow human beings, 
we cannotconsiderthis as a method 

of halripg the spread 'of HIV: 
Righ,t now; educ.ll.tion is il]e besi· 

tool w~ have .to tlght'tpig disease. 
. Steve Simmons · 

'. '. 

Trolley rv,adness 
Editor: 

lam appalled by the UCSD and 
Metropblitan Transit Development 
Board decision ' to have the new 
trolley line bypass the campus and 
instead' run on the "wrong side" of 
1-5., 

The 'Only plausible explanation 
for thi s deCision (all official ex-
planations stated ring hollow to 
me) is the all-American phobia of 
mass transit; they are afraid to make 
it too easy forthe riff-raffto invade 
the enclaves of the privileged few. 
Anotherexpression of class ism and 
racism. 

Think of it, horrors:"wetbacks" 
will be·able to board a train at the 
Tijuana border crossing and ride 
right 'into the center of our sanctu-
ary, leer at our all-American prin-
cesses and pickpocket our college 
boys of their beer money! Worse 
yet, "Niggers" from the inner city 
ghettos'will invade the isolation of 
our temple of academia, rape and 
pillage and spoil the view. 

The proletarian boys and girls 
serving at the different military 
installations in this area will be 
distracted from their killing/dying 
duties by easy access to our com-

OPINION 5 

fortable life on campus . All they 
would'have to do.is buy a ticket to 
ride the trolley. Disgust ing thought! 

The trolley trains to be used in 
the system wi If be German made. 
With the machinery, let' s also im-
port the philosophy of public 
transportation from Europe. There 
it is,for all the people, regardless of 
age, economic level, social posi-
tion, disability, etc. No exceptions. 
No discussion. 

Please do not let old prejudices 
get in the way and let us have our 
trolley, right through campus, 
where it belongs. After all they've 
had one at Disneyworld running 
right through the hotel lobby for20 
years already. No complaints so 
far. 

Jerom.e Hacker, Ph.D. 

The UCSD Guardian wet comes 
yourlenersandcommentaries. Drop 
your letter at the Gllardian offices 
(on the second. floor of the Student 
Center, above the General Store) or 
mait it to: 

Opinion Editor 
GuardiDn 

9500 Gilman Or. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 9209J-OJ16 
Letters should be typed, double-

spaced, and should include a signa-
ture and a phone number. Unsigned 
tetters will not be printed, We re-
serve the right to edll for length and 
clarity. 

May your gale be merry 
and bright, and may all your 
purchases be right. 

Costa Verde Center. You 'll 
love us like the dickens. 
Gifts 
Bookstor 
BusyBody 
Diva La Jolla Flowers & Gifts 
Dow Stereo 
Graphics Gallery 
La Jolla Jewel ry Center 
Paper Trends 
Pier 1 Imports 
Westhaven Gifts 
Apparel 
HotSpots 
Maxi's Bou~que 
Men's Weorhouse 
Services 
Costa Verde Co r Ytbsh 
Fox Photo 
Gingiss Formalweor 
HomeFed Bonk 
Jenny Craig Weight loss 
La Jolla Cleaners 
Mail Boxes, Etc. 
Pinwheels 
Video Gallery 
Food 
Allies 
Big Bear 
Chong Chinese Cuisine 
OiMattia's 
Heidi's Frogen Yozurt 
Hot W>k Cafe 
Lo Jolla Seas Restaurant 
LoSalso 
I&Donald's 
Soup Exmange 
Subway 
Sushi Bar Kazumi 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 26; 1990 

Limping Toward the White House in '92 
• The aftermath of the November e·lections does not bode well for potential presidential candidates . 

NEW YORK - I see by the 
papers that two prominent presi-
dential possibilitie have griev-

ously harmed their White House 
chances - because they kept their 
present jobs by unacceptably small 

margins on Nov. 6. 
New Jersey Sen Bill Bradley 

barely urvived the challenge from 
an unknown, underfinanced foe, 
and New York Gov. Mario Cuomo 
won only 53 percent of the .vote 
against three insignificant oppo-
nents. (Cuomo actually finished 
32 points ahead of his nearest rival, 
but hi total was far below ' 
expectations.)The e howings, we 
are told, demonstrate the respective 
"vulnerability" of these politici'ans. 
Suddenly they have shrunk from 
fearsome giants to more human-
sized combatants. 

Well, maybe. But do the people 
who handicap presidential races 
ever look back at past results? If so, 
they might be· surprised by what 
history teaches about the idea that 
a presidential contender must never 
brush up against the possibility of 
defeat. 

I'm not talking about 19th-cen-
tury history, when Abe Lincoln 

won the White House two years 
after losing a Senate race against 
Stephen Douglas. I'm talking about 
recent history. Very recent hi -
tory - like the 1960s, the 1970s 
and the 1980s. 

Richard Nixon lost a photo-fin-
ish WhiteHouse battle againstJohn 
Kennedy in 1960. Two years later, 
he was demolished in a race for 
governor of California and gave 
his infamous " last press confer-
ence." He even tried an aborted 
back-room plunge for the 1964 
presidential nomination. 

Four years later, he won it all. 
Ronald Reagan tried to stop Ri -

chard Nixon that year and lost. In 
1976, Reagan lost a closely con-
tested struggle for the GOP nomi-
nation against President Ford. 
Many Republicans blamed him for 
splitting the party, and helping to 
defeat Ford that year. Others said 
that by 1980, at age 69, Reagan 
would simply be too old. 

DOUBLE FEATURE FUN: 
~ 

• 
• 
• , ' , , 
• 

•••• jlr-!G R /'~;WAtOfFE II • • 
• 

: iTARRING DOMINO'S PIZZA ® • 
• 

IT'S TIME FOR DOMINO'S PIZZA~ 
CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Ct. 

HOURS: 
11 am-I am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 

r 

r---------------,----------------I 
: PEPPERONI : DOMINO'S : 
I I I 

: PIZZA FEAST : DELUXE FEAST : 
l One Medium OR Two Medium l One Medium OR Two Medium I 
I ORIGINAL ORIGINALS I PIZZA PIZZAS I 

: $7.99 r~s $11.99 r~' : $9.99 r~' $13.99 r~' I 
l One Medium Domino's ORIGINAL l one Medium Domino's ORIGINAL 
I Pepperoni Pizza Feast, loaded with I Deluxe Pizza, topped with d elicious 
I extra Pepperoni and extra Cheese for I Pepperoni, Fresh Mushrooms, Onions, 
I ONLY $7.99 plus taX or get two for just I Sausage and Green Peppers for ONLY 
I $4.00 more, ONLY $11.99, plus tax. I $9.99, plus tax, or get two for just $4.00 
I Offer good on Delivery or Carryout. I more, ONLY $13.99, plus tax . Offer 
: JUST ASK! II : f~~~ ~~~elivery or carryoutl· I:. I No, valid ";,h any other off.... : I No, valid wi,h any oth" 0"'" I Expi .... 1lI31J9O. • • ® I upit"lVJIJ9O. 
._------------------------------_. Umited dehvery.,.. to eNure Nfe drivll\g. Ourdriwr. carry less than S20 

Four years later, he won it all. 
George Bush lost races for the 

U.S. Senate in 1964 and again in 
1970. His political career was saved 
by a succession of appointed jobs. 
And when he ran for president in 
1980, Bush was overwhelmed by 
the charisma and the constituency 
of Ronald Reagan. 

In 1988, he won it all. 
We live in a political culture 

that seems to treat losing as a kind 
of communicable disease. In any 
campaign for the pre idency, the 
worst question a reporter can ask a 
candidate is whether he has "lost 
momentum." 

And yet, voters seem to forgive , 
even embrace, candidates who have 
faced political mortality. Maybe it 
humanizes them; maybe it makes 
them a little less distant from the 
travails of ordinary life. 

Even within a campaign, losses 
often prove no more than momen-
tary distractions. 

When Ronald Reagan lost t.he 
Iowa caucuses in 1980, he was 
pronounced "politically" dead." 
When Walter Mondale lost the New 
Hampshire primary in 1984,· he 
wa pronounced mortally 
wounded. When George Bush fin-
ished third in the Iowa caucuses if1 
1988, he was placed on life-sup-
port systems. . 

So are we really ready to c:on-
clude that a U.S. senator who sur-
vives a scare, or a big-state gover-
norwho wins a third term by "only" 
a million or so votes, _has been 
mortally wounded should he de-
cide to seek the White House? 

Only if we believe that presi-
dential politics is like the NCAA 
basketball tournament: a single-
elimination battle. Fortunately for 
the contestants, it's much more 
like a rOllnd-robin tournament -
where a candidate can get up off 
the floor and start swinging all 
over again. 

Congratulations! 
IBM "Project Breakthrough" 

Summer Interns 

Louis Campos 
Archie Dawson 
Eduardo Garcia 
Charlie Glover 
Elyse Gordon 

Malinda Jackson 
Kenny Villegas 

James Wiley 

From the Minority Engineering Program 

F EATURES 
Monday, November 26,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

It's a 

DIFFERENTLY·.ABLED 
ORlO 

• Disabled students seek equality on 
campus through public awareness 
By Jenny Ko 
Staff Writer 

There is a rendency for people to view disabled 
individuals as remarkable heroes , or worse, as 
somewhat inferior human beings. In either case, 
disabled students may seem difficult to approach, or 
to talk to. However, they just want to be recognized 
as equals. 

Third College senior Joe Lindley, president of the 
Disabled Student Union (DSU), stresses that aware-
ness is the key to equality. 

"Awareness is one of our biggest goals. We strive 
to make people regard us as equals," Lindley said. 

of Allen 's. He believes that 
these students are often shamed 
into hiding their disabilities , 
fearing stereotypes will be 
placed on them. 

Lindley said that one of the 
bigge t problems faced by 
disabled students is that people 
picture them as less functional 
students. He disagrees with 
this, saying that often the 
opposite is true. 

FEATURES 7 

Third college junior Russ Allen agrees. 
"Awareness will bring disabled students out of the 

closet, so to speak," he said. 

Fred Chambers is a junior 
who was involved in an 
accident three years ago. He 
received a blow to the back of 

Artwork by disabled artists, such as this piece by E. Hove, is 
currently on display in Price Center Gallery A. 

Allen lost sensation in his left hand due to an 
automobile accident one-and-a-tialf years ago. He 
explained that it is important to understand that 
disabled students are not stereotypical people in 
wheelchairs, or with canes. Oftentimes, they possess 
handicaps which are not easily noticeable, such as 
mental disabilities, and physical disabilities like that 

his head which caused damage to his cerebellum. 
It has affected the way he talks and walks. He was 
also declared legally blind. Yet all of th is has not 
impaired his learning capabilities, as exemplified 
by his academic performance. 

It is true, however, that disabled students are 
special people with special needs. Lindley would 

like to see more "cooperation by the professors 
[of] disabled students, so as not to alienate [these 
students]. " 

Due to his speech impediment, Chambers said 
he never asks questions in class. 

Disabled Student Services (DSS) serves as a 
lifeline between disabled students and problems 

they might encounter at UCSD. Among the 
services they provide are reading and note 
taking. They also proctor for tests. Proctors 
dictate and write for disabled students. 

It may be hard for most able-bodied 
individuals to imagine how these students 
cope with the difficulties they encounter in 
their lives. They must learn to make greater 
use of their capabilities. 

Another employs different strategies. 
Chambers said he pays more attention when 
he walks around, but he still falls down 
stairs on occasion. 

Many times there is just no way of 
overcoming physical obstacles. Many 
students must find alternate, and longer, 
routes around the many hills on campus. 

Lindley said he would like to see this 
school "more accessible for all students 
with disabilities." 

See DISABLED, Page 9 

Photos 
Members o{ the Disabled Studenr Union discuss campus life and upcommg events at a meeting. 

H • Ie he Mas e e y u or 
SOD-member Gospel Choir to perform concert tomorrow 

By Debra Bronstein 
Staff Writer 

"In everybody there is the desire to make 
music. Eveybody admires the singer. [And 
the singer] wants the applause. It is such a 
positive feeling," explained Ken Anderson, 
leader of the UCSD Gospel Choir. 

Gospel Choir gives everyone the chance 
to be a star. 

"Probably 90 ·percent of the choir has 
never sung in choirs before. They are not 
ingers per e. Some have pitch problems, 

but they come here and their voices begin to 
develop. They have fun being wi th a bunch 
of people. They clap their hand and feel the 
exci tement ," Anderson aid. 

According to Anderson, the purpose of 
the class is for stuaents to experience sing-
ing music from the African-American cul-
ture. 

Gospel music originated as "code songs," 
through which the slaves communicated 
with each other without the knowledge of 
their masters. 

Gospel music - or folk music such as 
Negro Spirituals - songs that corne from 
deep with in the oul - di ffer from traditional 
hymns and anthems in that they do not 
directly expre the "glory and power of 
God:' but are intensely personal songs. 

"Gospel songs became the mother to the 
motherless, the fa ther to the fatherle s. The 

music was intended to lift. It was the only 
thing the lav~s had. There wa nothing else 
in their lives. ~o, they ang of better times. 
It was a mental and emotional escape which 
kept them from going crazy," Anderson 
said. 

In order to xpose students to Gospel 
music, Cecil Lyt le, Third College provost, 
turned the original student Gospel Choir 
into a class. 

Under Lytle 's leadership in the early 
' 80s, there was an enrollment of about 30 to 
40 tudents. But through the years the class 
has grown tremendously as enrollment a 
een in this quarter of approximately 00 

students. 

According to Anderson. the main attrac-
tion of the class is the music, the beat, and 
the crowd. 

"It is a release from the pressure and 
tension of their academic classes. For many 
it is a way of making friends. You are 
automatically part of the group. It is a great 
pia e for hy people to come out, and con-
versely it is great for outgoing people to 
really get into something, to expose their 
talent. And for some people, the class pro-
vides an outlet to their faith, for others, just 
a chance to sing and have fun ," he said. 

For enior Matt Lamphere, a six-quarter 
veteran of the Go pel Choir, the class is one 
of the best he has taken. 

"I wanted to experience a class that was 
based upon love and trust. It is such a warm 
anno 'phere and everybody wants to be a 
part of it. For example, everybody shows up 

See GOSPEL CHOIR, Page 8 



8 FEATURES 

GOSPEL 
CHOIR 
Continued from page 7 
to concerts because they want to go. You 
really look forward to attending each class," 
he said. 

The Gos~1 Choir class is divided into 
four sections: alto, soprano, tenor, and bass. 
Classes begin with warm-up excercises to 
improve breathing patterns alid voice 
strength. Then they jump right into the mu-
sic. 

The students learn thc music by rote. 
Ander.;on and his assistant, George Callahan, 
listen to recorded Gospel music, sing the 
songs 10 theclass, and then have the students 
sing back to them. 

"During class, I try to mix levity with 
seriousness. I try to keep the pace moving. 
The pressure of the students' academic pro-
gram tires them out, but I try to keep them 
pumping. IfI see that things are dragging, I 
begin with the peppier numbers so they can 
stand up, clap their hands, and experience 
theexcitementand laughter," Ander.;on said. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 26,1990 

Finally, after much practice, come the 
concerts, the next being tomorrow night at 8 
p.m. in the Mandeville Recital Hall. 

Members of the UCSD Gospel Choir stand up and clap as they sing a song during rehearsal: 

According to Andrea Frazer, Muir Col-
lege junior, concerts are where everything 
comes together. 

"It is during the concerts that you really 
get a feel for the soul of the music. You can 
feel the unity . There are so many different 
people, and different races , but we all come 

together. We sound like one when we are 
singing," Frazer said. 

For Anderson, the greatest reward in 
leading the Gospel Choir is "[everything 
that) comes back from the students; the . 
expressions of their faces, the excitement, 
and the entusiasm. They love it, and I love 
it! " 

Collegiate Crossword 

Gospel Choir member Edward Felix plays his saxophone. 

YOUR~SPECIALIST, 
ALSO SERVING YOUR PC NEIDS. 

WINDOWS ? • 
Big deal. 
~is the only true multitaskin& personal 

computer at an affordable price. .. .and it 
has always had windows. 

See 8Il~a1 
The Uvdy CoIIputer 471 Broadway 8 Capn 

(619) ~ - ((1M2 
Open MolXIay Thru Frl1ay 10 - a. Salurday 10 ' 6, And Sunday I 5 

Walk·lns or call I 
for appointment I 

OPEN: Mon.·Sat. 9-7 , 

• Full Set ................. $16.95 I 
• Fills. .. .. .......... $10.95 
• Pedicu re ............... $10.95 

ACROSS 
I FishIng need 
5 Code word for the 

letter 'A" (pl.) 
10 81 ue of baseball 
14 Sigh word. 
IS Stir up 
16 Ever and -
17 Lariat 
IB Filming site 

(2 ods.) 
10 Alone (2 ods.) 
11 Part of TNT 
23 Pe . -plck1ng 

mach1nes 
14 Dog show Initials 
25 Mrs . Peel IS partner 
27 Writer Hickey. and 

family 
3Z Sound possibly made 

by Garfield 
33 Seaport ne. r 

Tijuana 
34 Miss MacGr •• 
3S Part 6f Bogart 

film tItle (Z wds .) 
38 ' _ the suson ... 11 
39 Disheartened 
41 Content of some 

humor books 
42 Las t I ng • short 

t1"", 

44 FormatIon 11 "Wllat's - for 
45 Mornings, for short Inel" 
46 Hiss Loren 12 --die 
48 Rive r to the Se1ne 13 Part of A.D. 
51 Srook 19 Leg ornament 
54 Ae~taurant offer- 21 Football posttion 

1"9 (2 ·ods. ) 24 And 
56 Taj Mihal sIte 2S Bogart role. Sam 
57 Saturday .night 

specials 
58 Deserve 
S9 Do detect 1 ve work 
60 Pro -
61 Colonist William. 

and family 
62 AnglQ-Saxon shve 

DOWN 
1 Poi nted I"emlrk 
2 Nautical cry. 
3 DepriYe of 

necessities 
• More minuscule 
S Got up 
6 Recluses 
7 Unu sual Ship· 

cOnITIInd (J ods .) 
8 Up until (2 od~.) 
9 TrIgonometry 

abbrell11t ion 
1Q European tpur1st 

mee" 

26 Dutch bloom 
28 Tavern 
29 House warmer 

(1 wds . ) 
30 Minneapolis suburb 
31 Impertinent 
3S Detective MIke -
36 Votes for 
37 To s.e : Sp. 
411 As - junky.rd 

dog 
41 Man or ape 
43 Ohio city on Lake 

Erl. 
. 44 Shout of dtseo~ery 

47 R.1ns hard 
4l\ Courie r (abbr . ) 
49 Prefix for lU"9 
SO Litter_r 
51 "Peter Pan" pirate 
52 - go bragh 
S3 Sto ry 
55 Napoleon. for one 

(abbr . ) 

Answers on page 9 

<~IOY!X 
AGAPE 

BOOKSTORE 
ChristJan Books, Bibles. Gifts. 

Cards. Music , Church Supplies 

150/ STUDENT /0 DISCOUNT 
with this ad 

6904 Miramar Rd. #210 
San Diego, CA 92121 
(619)586-7818 

" ~ '*' ~ .,. ,I ... [QQ 1.- £ , < 
Monday, November 26, 199Q TIll' l ' ('<)1) ,uardian 

<f ' 

-... 

Jenny VanniGuard,an 
This a'!Wo,rk, done by pa~aplegicpt~st Rick Hahn, was deSign~w1H1{J< the use of his hands. 

DISABLED ,· ",.,wme, becoming a part oflhe V < 
'. H ve-ycm Plan wil l nOI Illy mean ~Awafeness is one 

Continued from page 7 a more active role in recruiting . ' 
Members of the 0 U believe di abled students, but will al~o of ODr biggest goals. 

that many obstacles are put there make the OS a legi timately rec- We strive to..... make 
because of (he lac~ of awareness. ognizcu organlz~tlion in the AAC. people re~.ct~as 
They hope thallhrough awareness, DespIte slIong efforts by the I " . 
barriers ih both attitude and archi- DSU to become part of the Five- equa S. 
tecture can be eliminated. ' year Plan. it has been hampered -Joe lindley, presldellt 

Other need~ expressed by dis- because disabled students are not 
the Disabled Student Union abled students include automatic considered by UCSD as histori-

doors, bigger bathrooms , and cally discriminated against. 
wheelchair-acces ible shuttl e As part of reaching out into the 
busses. . UCSD community. the OS and 

Eric Rochhaar, a Revellecollege DSS will be holding an annual 
first-year student with limited vi - Disability Awareness Week start-
sion, expressed a need for better- ing April 11 . 1991 . It will be kicked 
marked buildings. He said that most off with a I>a~ketball game to which 
buildings are not clearly mark.ed , if all the athletes are disabled. In ad-
at all. dition. there will be musidans. art-

Although UCSD is equipped iSIS, and speakers throughout the 
with some facilities and services week . 
for disabled students, they are not The works of several disabled 
enough. arti sts are currently on display in 

Robbie Gimblett, advisor of the the Price Center Gallery A, on the 
DSU, said, "We need more space second floor of the Price Center. 
and equipment." These worts of 1Irt include- ODe : 

Lindley said that at the top of donebyaparaplegicwhodesigned 
the list of concerns for the DSU is bis art with his forehead. 
to be a pan of the Five-year Plan of Students who are interested in 
the Student Affinnative Action getting involved with the DSU are 
Committee (SAAC). 1be Fi¥eo~ welcome to visit their offICe on the 
Plan includes an outreacb program. IeCOI1d floor of the Price Center, in 
funding, and retention of special room 2.414. They can also be 
target groups. reached al 534-4726. 1beir meel-

~~~U.~, .lUe;~cly. scbeduledlfor 

Frid~ys. 
After talking to these studellt ~ , 

one cannot look at them but as 
individuals who have overcome 
muny barriers in their lives - and 
whose accomplishments at UCSD 
should be viewed with pride. 

Answers to this week's 
puzzle from page 8 

The Answering ·Machine B1 Cbristina Huizar and Jeffrey Yamqucbi 
Hi. 11o1s is K .. y. I ... lly .... an 
-Joy'" n. .. ktII .... The 
.1)' b..t 1IIl ... .., every Ii .... I 
took. bfte"'IM blrl<ey, I relt 
like I ... atiIIa tile PnIideIIL 

.... ----.... Kelly ... tllis;' your ...... 10«. 
WHAT HA VE YOU DONE? 
They were .bout you on 

· • · __ ...... _ ........... t. 
......... crIaIs. 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Prqniutq Tt!!Dnt 
(Immediate Results) 

ePregnancy Tmnination 
eGeneral or Local AnestheSia 
eLow Cost Early Pregnancy 
Ten (10 Dtzp AIM' c~qtitJft) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
eStudent Discount 

(tl18) 535-1379 
. ,. 

Q;r.t . 
~Qchoicr 

... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

L 

! t I r, n 'a'l A 
FF T(!RF~ Q 

R. Beizaie, D.D.s, 
Member: ADA. CDA. 

SDCDS 

Pr.Ofessional ~~~.:;: , 
. 9 am -6 pm Mon. -Fri. . , 

. , -r 

• MEDI-CAL and most insurance tite~" 

NEW PATIENT- ,; 
INTRODUCTORY PEES 

• I 
Full mouth examination 
Pour Bitt Wmg X·rays 
& cleining . 

$2&00 
$350°0 

./ 
1349 Caml'lo Del Mar • 792 8d6l • Del ~.'ar 

---------

"lnveat' yours~lrl 
1NcmLU8-

ConceD.tration 
Memory· Study Habits • Learning 

REDUCE STRESS • LOSE WEIGHT 
SUBUMINAl MOTIVATION· "NEW AGE~ MUSIC 

La jolla vm.ac Sqa8rdUpper .... 
8657 Villa La Jolla Drive, Suite _ • (619),,*,-TAIII 

a J 0 I ,. a , s 
BEST KEPT SECRET! 

Come by for brealifllSt fW Iacbl . 
· \ 

• Overlooking Torrey Pines Golf Cou,.. 
Ind the Pacfftc ec.n 

• a.utlful outdoor dining 
• A wide YIf1ety of nutrftloUl ,. tally cullint 
• AJl-you-carHIlulld bit 

HOURS Of OPEMllON 
1Ion.·Thura, 7:30 ... 7 pm 

FrtdIy cIoIId II 3 
s.v...o.,. ... 

• Dell ... ...,· .... fIIh 
and chicken •• trlll, Ind more ... 

r-···---·····-----
• 
• 
• 

EtIIIJ,.. ......... ....",. 
... UClDLD. 

•••••••••••••••••• 

C11554-FOOD 



Karen tries to persuade Gould to decide in her favor. 

TS & ENTERTAINMENT 
The U SD Guardian Monday, November 26, 1990 

'Speed the Plow' Both Thoughtful and Funny 
• New play at Bowery Theatre examines evils of Hollywood in a satirical fashion 
By Rod Dossey 
Staff Writer 

Did you ever wonder what It 
would be like to hav Ihe power to 
choose what movies \\ ere going to 
be made? imagine h:1\ ing the au-
thorization to say, "1 \\ ant you to 
make this film abollt Vietnam:' 
and having the millions of dollars 
10 ba k up your dccision. 

"Spced the Plow," which is 
currently. ,hol>\ ing at the Bowery 
Theatre, is a pla) \\hich examinc . 
i, a play which satlricall} ...... am-
me, that exact ~I\uation. slich a 
,ituation. Bob Gould (Ralph Elias) 
i a recently appointed producer at 
a major film tudio. Gould I faced 
wnh the critical decision of what 
movie .hould be made. From there 
the pla)- cvolve, into a fast-movmg 
,atire. 

"Speed the Plm\" es~entiall) 
telI:, the stor} of hm\ Gould must 
deCide \\hich of two films to 
"gro!enlight:' or fund for produc-
tion. An action film guarantee, a 

big take at tho: box uffice,o to 
green light it would advance his 
career and bring re,pect in all the 
circles of Hollywood. The other 
alternative i to greenli ght a movie 
based on the writll1gs of an obsc~re 
ea tern philo opher. The decision 
seems simple enough. His old pal 
Charlie Fox (Paul L. Nolan) shows 
up with news that a big star i, 
willing (0 defect to their studio to 
make a guarnnteed successful 
muvle. TIlingsbecomealittlemorc 
complicated whenabeautiful tem -
poral") secretary ,erve, them cof 
fee and catche Gould', eye. 

The conflict centers around 
makll1g a movie for money or pro 
ducing a movie to deliver a mes-
sage. 

The play explode around the 
onfhct as Fox and the st:cretary 

artempt to persuade Gould to dc-
'i de in their favor. Fox rcmlllds 

Gould that the bottom linc is tu 
make money, while Kart:n (Laura 
Reamin). the attractive ,ecretary, 

trie~ to ~cduce Gould Into 
greenlighting the les> lucrmive, but 
more mt:ul1Ingfulmovie. 

olan" energetic performancc 
b the high point of the show. lie 
convinces both Gould and the au-
dience that thi., I~ Gould' ~ big break 
that hecan fll1ally make an impact 
in Iiollywood'\ film circles. 

Even if therc wa, nothing ehc 
of value in the pIa,. Nolan', I'cr-
fOlmance make ... it wOl1h \ccing. 
I uckil), therc arc many othcr rca-
sons to see thi~ will) and thuught-
pruvoklllg plilY. 

Abo\c all thi, phI) i., abollt 
people and their mOlive:.. It dcah 
with I~,ues like lo,alty, JevotiOn. 
and inspiration. Paformcd In the 
small BOlVl!ryTheatn:. the intimacy 
of the audience and the ~[[\gemakes 
it easier to believe in \\ hat IS hap 
pc::ning onstage. The ,t:t was ~imple, 
but adequale. 

Dunng the ~t:cond actlhere IS a 
location changc. Becausc 01 the 
numba of sct changc~ nccdcd it 

take~ too long, and distracts from 
the play. 

Sometimes, what seems to be a 
simple plot on the ,urface. is aclU 
ally full of intricaCies and subtle-
ties . 

David Mamet's "Speed the 
Plow" can causc a pcrson to rcthink 
thclr values. It takes what should 
be a slInple tory and looks humor-
ously at the deeper motivation of 
the u:ntral character . 

The simplicity of the plot pre 
sent, potemially heavy ideas in a 
lightheal1ed fashIOn that pokes fun 
at the world of movie making. For 
an evening of fun and thought, 
"Speed the Plow" is a must see. 

Speed The Plow will be run-
ning through Dec. 9. at the 
Bowery Theatre. For info. 
call 232-4088. Tickets run 
from $14·$16 with discouts 
for students, 

The UCSD Guardian 

-

....... _-- , 
_"'!!" .......... * It 

rl 

~ 
; I 
-~ 

-
., 

-

1·1- :. 

... 

II .... 111 ." 
-

- --
.-. 

1 I -.-\I ....,. 
, * .. 

•• 
'I 
.1 
l ~ , 

Distant Desires, Beyond the Garden by Maurizio Pellegrin at the MaCA in La Jolla. 

MoCA: A Look at Numerical Abstraction 
By Simon Hobbs 
Staff Writer 

This "arrangement" often includes a photograph, in 
pan or entirely, which is meant to act as a "sort of 
mysterious guide" to the grouping pre ented to the viewer. 
The photograph is also expected to transmit the idea of 
time "that is not present," showing perhaps the timeless-
ness of the universe itself. 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 11 

1----------1 
••••••• 1 

Wire : 
Train 's I 

1 

Coming! 1 
Wire 
Train's 
Coming! 
And we are so 
excited about it. 
They'll be playing 
with the Darling 
Buds tomorrow 
night, Nov. 27th at 
the Sports Arena. 

'C'est La Vie' Examines the Trials and Tribulations of Grow·ng Up 

Approaching Maunzio Pellegrin 's al1 is compa-
rable to viewing almost any fOlm of abstraction. At 
tirst it seems completely incompreh<:nsible. as one 
faces a collage of objects with no centrality of 
theme binding them together. Meaning is therefore 
very difficult to ascenain , and can really only be 
found through an understanding of the Italian 's 
inspirations, and fundamentally, his beliefs con-
cerning "the relationship" between man and the 
universe. 

The San Diego Mu eum of Contemporary An i 
presenting the premiere display of Pellegrin '5 work 
through February 10. 

Maurizio Pellegrin claims that he has been influenced 
by photography, mainly in its cinematic form. His other 
in piration include poetry andcenain cities in his native 
land. Venice and Rome are remembered most warmly-
Venice for its "neverending communication between the 
sky and the mirror-like surface of the [waterl," and Rome 
for the "strong Renaissance scenery and the rhetorical 
lines of the monuments." Light and history are vital 
ingredients in his " timeless" pieces. 

1 Enter to win a Wire 
Trai n or Darling 
Buds CD. All you 
have to do is fill in 
the bottom of this 
page and drop it off 
in the envelope at 
the Guardian 
offices, second 
floor, Student 
Center. It's that 
easy. 

By Cory Lidschin 
Stall Wflter 

>\ parents' ,eparauon I, a Irau-
malic event 111 an) child's life. It is 
e,peclall} hard for childlen ""ho 
are just beginning to find out what 
life IS all about. 

Acclaimed French director 
Diane Kurys ' new film, "C'e~t La 
Vie," tackle!. this subject and suc-
ceeds by injecting light humor into 
a very sad situation without 
trivializing the matter of a family 
falling apart. 

"C'est La Vie" focuses on a 
young girl Frederique and the 
events that occur during the sum-
mer that her parent eparate. The 
film takes place in the late 1950s 
when divorce was less common. 

Fredenque (Julie Bataiile) IS 
not alone with her pains of grow-
ing up as she spends the summer 
wilh her extended famil) on the 
coa,t of France in La Baule et Les 
Pins. 

The location of the film in-
clude, beautiful scenery of the 

bca hand thc surrounding com-
munit) - scenery which uplifts 
Frederique's life. 

Knowing \~hat ~he I> gOlllg 
through. Fredenque 's family tries 
to heir b) gi\ing her love and 
watching OUI for her. 

hC'est La Vie" focu es on the 
relationships among adult , chil-
dren , and between the two groups. 
Frederique'; mother Lena (Natalie 
Baye) spends much of her time 
away from her two ,mall daugh-
ters to be wuh her 25-year-old 
lover. 

Each family member is going 
through transitions and each is 
unsure of what they want and how 
to get it. 

Odette (Valeria Bruni-
Tedeschi) is the children', maid 
who watche over them as their 
parents try to figure out their lives. 
Odenc is the intermediary fjgure 
between the children and the adults . 

The most poignant and memo-
rable scenes are those which foeu, 

FREE FRIES - $1.55 VALUE! 
Bring this ad on your next VIsit and receIve one order 01 

AmerIcan Fnes FREE when you order an Ongmal or a II 12. 

DELMAR 
The authentic Hamburger/ Malt Shop 

• Hamburgers • American Fries • Chill 
• Sandwiches • Pies • Malts • Shakes • Floats 

Now Near Your Campus 
Del Mar Plaza - Street Level 1555 Camino Del Mar • 755-1954 

Sun.-Thurs. 11-10 • Fri. & Sat. ll-Midnight 

on the children and their lives. 
There is a relatively large age di~­
ference between the children, with 
each child representinf a stage of 
growing up. 

The way they relate is most 
intere,ting as they all help each 
other to grow and mature. 

The children go through many 
phases, from learning how to tie 
,hoelaces to playing doctor. Humor 
is what makes "C' est La Vie" come 
to life. 

The film is semi-autobio-
graphical for Kurys. Thi is the 
third film about children that Kurys 
has done, the other two being 
"Peppermint Soda" and the 
succe full "Entre Nous." 

The fact thaI the characters are 
based on real people lends au-
thenticity to the film. 

Although "C'est La Vie" is 
dubbed, it hopefully will not dis-
suade moviegoers from viewing 
this masterpiece story of children 
growing up in a harsh world. 

Idnko'S· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa L"1 Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Gamet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

He alTanges his thoughts by displaying a selec-
tion of canvas bags, tools, and pieces of wood put 
together in a specific way on the walls of the 
exhibition rooms. Each work is, in fact, a series of 
pieces placed inside a rectangular "space." The 
objects are often painted with horizontal or vertical 
lines and are numbered. According to the anist, 
these numbers are central to what he is tl")'ing to 
convey: "For me numbers possess magical quali-
ties. They vibrate and transmit messages. 1 believe 
that all the most important laws of nature are 
quantitative expressions," he explained. 

Pellegrin also beli eves that the thousands of 
elements in the universe can be quantified numeri-
cally, so he stencils numbers on his collated pieces 
to give a sense of order to his thought and expres-
sion. 

Frederique, Lena, and Sophie spend time together at the beach in Diane Kury's C'est La Vie. 

The numbers also serve as, a means of stimulat-
ing memory and hence a love of the past and a need 
for preservation. By combining the elements of his 
memory with the elements of the univer e, he 
p."Oduces a selection of numbers on his work as an 
example of an "expression of single spirit." His 
work is intended to be an arrangement of thought 
and understanding. 

SHARPEN YOUR 
COMPEnnVE 

EDGE WITH 
AIR FORCE ROTC. 

No matter what area 
you've chosen for your coil ge 

major, you can enhance your com-
petitive strengths now. Join Air Force 

ROTC, and you'll begin the first steps toward 
becoming an Air Force pilot, navigator, engineer, 

manager - a range of different disciplines. Most impor-
tant: your skilis and managerial expertise will b built on 
the solid foundations of leadership that are critical to 
career 5 uc ess. 

Call 
DEPT OF AEROSPACE STUDIES 

619-594-1098 

Leadership Excellen e Starts t fere 

cspp 
Careers to create change 
·' ..• S;1IC(' ellrul/;n!: i" CS/' /",. Orgall iw'iOlwl P,,}'cIIOIOIlJ' I'rogram. my ('oll"sl!work and 
fmlmlliltK t'xperitm:ej Iw rt gi.'tll me "e ~' /~"M!l lhro"gh M'''irh lu ... e~· m'ganiz,ulit}llll/ life. 
Th r dlllllf!,,~e.\ 0/ the /Irogrant lra~'e bili/tOll nry expen't t,rea"d opened tl t lt'doors .. . Suf( .\\ 
COm t\ W rhose ttJllO ris k "",W pollt nU alUl ure upen '0 the meU/rillg of 'h I! f'J:periI!IlCl! ... 
Amy Webh rt:!'oo4:.mc he~ cxccutivl: development nnd innovation in her i ntl.!rn~hlp 
al the CCllIcr for Creative Leadcl'"hip in Circcn!<ohoro. North Carolinil. pro\'idf:~ 
<lelllal org.lIlI ll.lllon\ wi th a pi(.' IlIn; or how \~c ll t h~y are fUllctioning and 
ret'Om lllcno , coun .. c ... ofdction in hl'rOrganl/:tllOnal Oiagno"'l!-. and [)cve IQpmen! 
CO ll"C"I ; analY/c", CmpIOYl"(.· pcrforlllancc problelll' and de"e lop'" t!x~cll l ive lca ln-
building ~ ... ,iul1!'\ in hcrclln~lIhing pr.u..'lil"c: <1 nd c).amIllC~ ··PredirlOn. ot'Orgun-
IIH110na i (·rt ", ..... In her dl,~cn::lli()n , 

She" """'kill in Ihe Org.II1I1Jllonal PhD progl'JI11 J llhc California Sch""t of 
Prnf~~, i ona l P')L'hulog) . Lu, AIl~clc,. a prugldlll that develop' pmtc"loll.a1\ 
who ran hl..' lp orgHlH/l1liolh kao thl..' \\ a) In j changing \\ odd 

"fi r IIlure infunmtliHIl abu ut otlr Inrt .. \trill l a nd ()r~anll~liltllnl IJ"chlllvA~ Phil 
pruj,trum\ ul IIlIf CIHHpU\t. .... ln Uer"' t.' Ii.'·~ fl\ la ll1t!du. ,,'re..,"u. LO') \ ng~lc,. itnd San Ili('),;o 
caUu, .. 1 HtKW4!1i7·Sl6 1 ('a lifurll ia) IIr HIH.J.aS7· 127J l ' ltliumt H. 

One of the piece displayed in the museum. titled 
Distant Desires, Beyond the Garden (1988), is dl!mon-
strative of the artist's style, and indicative of the lack of 
correlation between the ti tle and the reality of the visual 
work. It con ists of 35 "elements" including a .• tuffed 
[paintedllinen canvas" and a photograph. 

The piece is meant to how order in a quantitative 
universe. But can one, even with knowledge of the artist's 
intentions and inspirations, get thi s impression from a 
clutter of unrelated visual objects? The photograph and 
the numbers are intended to be a guide, but only prove to 
be confusing, leading one to question the artist ' kill -
and to be brutally honest, his sani ty. 

Maurizio Pellegrin's work is isually "i nteresting" as 
one wonders how and why his combinations signi fy 
meaning to him. Inspiration for the viewer is lacking, 
however, as the works fail to stimulate intellectual activ-
ity on the relationship of man and the universe. Because 
his art does not explain itself o r even promote individual 
thought, it seems a bit pointless. 

What: Maurizio Pellegrin exhibition 
Where: SD Museum of Contemporary Art 
When: Tues. through Sun. until Feb. 10. 
Admission: $2 students 

Name 
--------

1 Phone 
-------------

1 Why do we feel the need 
: to have a question on 
1 these giveaways? __ 
1-----------
1 Which CD do you 
1 prefer? ______ _ 
L ___________ -.J 

Jambay will perform 
this Thesday night, Nov. 
27, at the Belly-Up at 9 
p.m., and will be followed 
by Roughneck Posse. 

PIZZA AND PASTA CAFE 
COSTA VERDE CENTER . 8650 Genessee .:J12 • 455-5211 

"Best Pizza overall in the Golden Triangle" 
~ M8gu1ne, AprIl. 

Pizza by the Slice 
Pasta 
Lasagna 
Salads 
Desserts 

t/ Free Delivery 
t/ No Preservatives 
t/ Student Discounts 

PRESENT STUDENT 1.0. FOR 10% DISCOUNT 
NoC VIIid IIiII ~,'Oi ... ditcoutt. LirMd ~ _1Ild limes. t.IirW!un ordor ...... 

--------------------LARGE Oi Mattia's Pizza wIttI PIppIronI, $999 I I lilulllrooma, OIlY". Gf'IIfI PIppent, • OnIons I 
L T ... ouc CO" dIIiwwy. tobt pr- CDI.tpan. ln1Md lint • . No! vlid will." aIIIr cIIcNI. .J 
--------------------

,-



J 

985·0426 

Diet(. 
Center' 
Free Consultation. 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 

Daily Diet Tips from 
Diet Center 

459·5979 
1'16"'; C[VIER (off Pearl) 

1-(900 )-990-T~ 

'1 ~C88 eo""oy St 
Kearny Mi:Sa 

576-8~42 
113 

:'::nd & MalO 
S"" 0 11190 
281-9083 

12 
1800 B R, lCrans 

Pt" ,:a 
225-0279 

'4 
3443 u""erSlty 

Nortl1 Pat!< 
280-9883 

, Wf! bag every comic 
• We offer Free Discounts 
• In-store subscription ser~lce 
• Specla holds & searche~ 
• We're open unt:1 7 p.m. ~. ,ry day 

tJtl'd b\ thl']Oh)., .mgt' plans of th 
lIladcqllaf,' e\ en r. >r pr .. 'c nt needs, uni v r .t), 

J 

Monday, November 26,1990 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 13 

M. HOOP: Two victories by a total of four points at Tip-Off Tournament 
Continued from page 19 
deadlock the game at 92 with 17 
seconds left. 

Luckily for UCSD. Gordon 
McNeill had just aboul enough of 
Kombrink's anlics, and ended Ihe 
game with a soft, nothing-bul-net 
jumper with essentially no time 
left. 

Rapp led the Trilons in scoring 
for the third straight game - can-
ning 30 points -and he was well-
supported by Rick Batt's 15, and 
All -Tournament guard Tom 
Shawcroft's 14. McNeill also 
chipped in wilh 12 points and eight 
rebounds. 

Saturday night's championship 
game against Chrislian Heritage 
College was equally dramatic, as 
Ihe Tritons outlasted the Hawks 
74-72 in a game that probably 
shouldn 't have been thai close. 

The first half went fairly easily 
for UCSD, as the Tritons coasted 
10 a 41-31 advanlage, fueled by 17 
first-half points by Rapp. 

Things appeared to get even 
better for the Tritons in the open-

GA. 

ing minutes of the second half, as 
they ran off six straight fast-break 
points on baskets by Rapp, Jack-
son, and McNeill, to build a seem-
ingly insurmountable 47-31 lead 
with 17:40 remaining' en route to 
the tournament championship. 

But, as baseball great Yogi 
Berra so eloquently stated many 
years ago, "II ain't over until it's 
over." 

Indeed, Ihe game was far from 
over, as the Hawks went on a lorrid 
17-6 run over the next six minutes 
to cut the UCSD lead 1053-48 with 
II :52 left. 

Christian Heritage was sparked 
by junior All-Tournament guard 
VemaldoButler, who finished with 
35 points in pUlling together a se-
riesof eye-popping, length-of-the-
court dri ves 10 the basket to get his 
team back in the game. 

The teams traded baskets for 
the next few minutes, and UCSD 
still held a 68-64 advantage at the 
five-minute ' mark. But , as 
Occidental's Ryan Kombrink did 
the night before, Butler just 

wouldn't go away quietly. 
He scored the next three points 

on a layup and a freelhrow to cut 
UCSD's lead to 68-67 wilh 3:45 
left. 

Shawcroft answered with five 
straight points of his own, on a 
clutch three-pointer and a driving 
layup, to push UCSD ahead by six, 
73-67, at the 2:30 mark. 

Well, maybe now the Tritons 
could breathe easily and start con-
templating the idea of a nice, warm 
shower afterthe game. Not on your 
life. 

The Hawks, who are coached 
by former Los Angeles Laker and 
San Diego Clipper center Swen 
Nater, scored five of the next six 
points - including a banked-in 
three pointer by sophomore guard 
Lance Roark - to shave the lead 
to 74-72 with a little over a minute 
left. 

Christian Heritage frustrated the 
Triton offense on the ensuing 
possession, causing Rapp to force 
up a wi ld three-point attempt with 
time running out on the 45-second 

MEEfTHE FuTuRE 
OF CREATIVE THINKING. 
Amiga doesn't just improve your work, 
It improves your thinking, Just working 
hard isn't enough anymore. Creative thinking 
is what sets winners apart. 

The Amiga computer was d~· 
signed precisely with that thoughl 
in mind. It handles routine 
tasks, then lets you 
go aU the way to 
innovation and 
invention. 
Whatever you can 
imagine, Amiga has the 
power to produce. Easily. 
115 buill in technology is a major 
advancement in a computer of 
this ize and price range. 

V\ Ith a moule and simple 
icons, Amiga combine, a full color 
display, full stereo sound. graphics, 
3-D animation, video capability 
and text as no other compuler can. 

II ha the power to run oft 
warc lophlsticdtCtl enough to 
mantpulate vall amount> 01 dala, 
JI weU al I he crc"hw gCllIus to 
(reatc the compktl' \lOrt' tor all 
orl hest ral compmtl ion, 
We deUver today, what 
others promhe tomorrow, 
Amlga WJI dCII)(ncd to keep up 
with \'Uu Imllt Ithoolwork dr· 
mantis Ihwul\h carter Ilrl'ds, 

You'U find other 
people make optional. As w~U as 
sophistica ted technolob'Y that 
doesn't exi t on compara bly 
powered and priced com pUlers. 
Creative educational 
di counts make Amiga 
an easy decision. 
The AIl1Ig<! Education Purchase 
rrogram for college and uni\'Crsity 
' Illdent!>, faculty .1Ot! administrd' 
to I), oHers a wide range of full) 
lo.ldetl, pecially bundled hardware 
\Vl tCIl1~, with .t wmplete Yllell1 
It"rling under 700' AlIll1cllllle 
J one yea r limited w.manl y and 
. \ll1lgd VIIIOII:' 
The best way to make up your 
own mind is to try Amjga. 
\top by your (ainpul \uthoflll'd 
\ll1lga [kaler .1Ilt! gu \ (lur lundl 

on the future of cornputing, 
Sure, some people buy what's 

siandard. But we think you can 
make up your own mind, and 
choose your own best course for 
the future . Aft r aU, isn'l that whal 
coUege is aU about? 

AMIGA 
1 HE CO\lI'UHR fOR I HE CREATIVU1IND~ 

,,-ComMOdor." 

The Lively Computers 
471 Broadway 

EI Cajon, CA 92021 
(619) 588-0902 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

shot clock. 
The tough defense set up a 

chance for the Hawks to shoot to 
tie, or win with a three-pointer or 
three-point play, with 20 seconds 
left. 

The Hawks got the ball in the 
hands of the man it wanted to shoot 
the ball, Butler, but his three-point 
shot bounced off the rim with no 
time left. 

UCSD had dodged yet another 
last-second bullet, as this was its 
third game of the young season 
that ended with a margin of four 
points or less. 

Rapp led the way once again 
for UCSD with 28 points and nine 
rebounds. His 58 points in the tw o 
games places him second on the 
record list for points in the tour-
nament. 

Rapp's scoring average through 
four games is 29.2, ahead of his 
23.9 ppg pace last season. 

Shawcroft added 15 points, and 
McNeill dropped in 12 points and 
grabbed nine boards against 
Christian Heritage. 

After the game, Marshall said 
he expected Ihis weekend's oppo-
nents to give his highly rated -
ranked third in the nation in Divi-
sion III by Sports Illustrated going 
inlo the seasqn - Tritons a real 
run for their money. 

"The teams are pumped up to 
play us because of our high rank-
ing and they have played us with a 
lot of em'olional intensity," 
Marshall said. 

"These teams really want to beat 
us because it would be areal feather 
in Iheir cap 10 take out a team as 
highly thought of as ours," 

But, despite the super'lalive ef-
forts put up against the Tritons by 
Occidental and Christian Heritage, 
Marshall Ihinks Ihat his squad 
should have had an easier time this 
weekend. 

"We're existing on . the edge 
right now, we need to take our 
game up another level ," Marshall . 
said "We don'l want to be thought 
of as a team that plays down to Ihe 
level of its competition every nighl 
out." 

The ··Othe"'· Copy Center 

"" Self-Serve Maf;s 
u" Word processing 
u .. Desktop Publishing 
n .. Typewriters 

Expert Rssistance Rvailab/e 
• ••••••••••••••••••••• 

25% Off • .. 
• 41 50 Regv..r,ts Park P.ow . 

RII Macintosh Servicesl • La .:011(. : (By 800 & Jec~i~) 
wIth this 00 • 457·1007 

:fIres 1~1/90 • 
•• ••••• 

-

~--=----= Let Us Earn Our Stripes! 

IUCSD STUDENT \ 

BIG MEAtDEAl 
-... - \ ., 

--

... -- \ . . 
... -

-- \ ~- . \ 
AnY regular . I \ 

tld'U)lcl , \ 
foa tlol1g sa . " L ft drln~ , ~ \ 32-0'1. SO large \ 

. s :l:d~b:~;~Of~C;h~IP::::::::::::::::::~~ ,.. Volid only 01 co.1o Verde & Miromol Iocotlons Pleo:.e preSlVlI UCSO I 0 
6780 MiP'amar Rd. Bebirul Carl' Jr. 549-69(,9 

8650 Genessee i,1 tbe Costa Verde Food Court 558-6811 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 26, 1990 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------~ 

FUll SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Cosmo-Wolff Tanning System 

THE LARGEST BED ON THE MARKET 
-------------------1 Month Tanning for 

Exp 11128/90 

lst time customers only Coli for detoils 

--------------------

Costa Verde Center 
8650 Genesee Ave. Ste.214 
Son Diego. CA. 92122 
(619)558-1858 

SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE 
BACKPACKS 

WA 65 REG. $119.99 NOW 79.99 
WA 63 REG. 129.99 NOW 89.99 
WA 68 REG. 139.99 NOW 99.99 

INTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 
DUPONT CORDURA • LIFETIME WARRANTY 

"FAMOUS TRAilS' - "MEl" - "EAGLE CREEK" 
"EASTPAK" ALL AT LOW DISCOUNT PRICES 

I· ·~ --·"· - --- _ .. _._ .. -.. ---. 
I ~tr 2000 tra'Jel bOC:*.S & maps, lug· " 
, g.1ge packs ""n, money Dens. pass· , if ~ 
: port holders. ned; !)tHaws. voltage .. I-:'""~. 

~ .. ~!~n!M'~: ~~ ~~ ~;h_,!,!!I_~.,..~ ~, 

1539 Garnet, Pacific Beach 483-1421 
Mon-Fri 10 a.m.-S Sat & Sun 10 a.m.oS p.m. 

ill SPECTRUM V PHOTO 
* 1 HR. PORTRAITS 

WI OVER 300 
BACKGROUNDS TO 
CHOOSE FROM ! 

.. BRING YOUR 
FRIENDS! 

• 1 HR. FILM DEV. 
* PASSPORT PHOTOS 
* CUSTOM COLOR, 

AND B&W LAB 
7050 MIRAMAR RD. 
S.D. 549 • 2941 

Fact ()Je' 55 Califomla studens managed their own OOsinesses last summer 
Fact ... Ther average earnmgs lonne summer 01 1990 were $1 0.700 
Fcc:L.They CXlnunued 10 prove a oecaae-long 11'ock record in busmess 
Fact . "lese stuaenlS all 'T1aIlageO W1tn Stuoent Pamters and gained valuable 
r-ar:" me'll experuse 
F \1ost temtor.es 'MI be f. led by e eno or NoverrtJer 

PRIME 
PICKS 

BY PHlLGRUEN 

PHIL'S RECORD IS 4-6 

MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL 
FAVORITE 
HOU TON 

LINE 
*2 

UNDERDOG 
Buffalo 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS .. . Okay, this is getting out of hand. Everything was fine before 
the World Series, but since then my record ha plummeted two win below .500 forthe 
first time since 1988, when I began this column. And the funny thing is , I always 
managed to bulk up my record in the fall with a flurry of Monday Night Football 
victories. Surprised at the sudden losing streak? Well, you should be. But tonight, this 
miniature tide mu t - and will -- come to an end, e pecially because the one-
dimensional 5-5 Hou ton Oilers are about to run into the multi-dimensional 9-1 
Buffalo Bills. In fact, a Bills victory puts them in a tie with the 4ger and the Giants 
for the be t record in the NFL, now that both of those two teams have notched a mark 
in the los column. (Not that it matters, of cour e, because the Niners will obliterate the 
Giants in next Monday's matchup.) In any event, Houston's one dimension foc uses on 
its passing attack,led by launching pad Warren Moon, but Buffalo 's offense has scored 
more points (286) than any other team this eason, and they've played one less game 
than everyone else thus far. But, if for no other reason, go with the Bills because my 
record simply cannot, and will not, fan three wins below .500. PHIL says ... 

TAKE THE BILLS 

What makes you 
angry? 

Who's In trouble? 

WEEKEND WilMER WATCH 

• Off"tciaJ line from I We the LA. LAmbs, Wyndham, CA 

IN THE BLEACHERS 
By Steve Moore 

"You idiots!! " 

Auto and Motorcycle 
In uranc 

Monthly pay available 

Local 
800-457 -1234 

Paul Sirkin Insurance 

Monday, November 26, 1990 

" . 

'ACADEMIC S' ~RVICES 

MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY 

8 ·a.m.-4:30 p.m. - The Language Pro-
gram provides assistance to students whose 
native language is not English and tot those 
doing work in Japanese, Italian, Spanish 
and French. A diagnostic test on written 
English as a second language is available 
on request. Call 534-2284 for more infor-
mation. Student Center, Bldg. A #214. Free. 

MONDAY,NOVEMBER 26 

6p.m.-7p.m.-The A.S. Intemshipoffice 
is holding a Nat'l Info Night on November 
26th, from 6-7 p.m. in the Santa Cruz/San 
Francisco room of the Price Center. Come 
find out about opportunities to work in New 
York, Washington D.C. and elsewhere! 
Free. 

TUESDAYS 

The UCSD Guardian 

Winter Break bring new levels of romance 
into your life? Going back home to see your 
loved one? We'll talk about several over 
the counter methods as well as orne pre-
scription forms. Student Health Service, 
2nd floor. Free. 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27 

1 p.m. - "Oh where, oh where has my little 
girl gone. Oh where, oh where can she be. 
She's in bed with her new boyfriend, in 3,...J~.QtJW!Ua;'f.z:(:onlpclSel·s.· JIi1laruleV'ilIe 
dorm room at UCSD." With new 'TP<.rV II· < 
come new responsibilities. 9 out of ev~r't;)t J 
10 women having unprotected sex willlg~':FRIDA Y, NCIV1~MBE:R,l-m 
pregnant, not to mention STDs. come to ' / 
birth control info session led by fellow 8 
students. Student Health Service, 2nd floor. 
Free. 

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28 

1 p.m. - Baby baby suck your thumb, 
don't got no baby (used a condom). When 
I get married, I'll have 13, but right no~fiW~':-WEDNE:SD'A 
also use jelly and cream. at a birth CQ.~~rrc~'-lI~.~IVJtJ.t..,.;~ 
info session you'lI learn about all <tVI~;r;. 
methods. Student Health Service, 2nd 1(", .... ,_ .... -,,-.. 

CALENDAR 15 

.-

,)' 

Rd. and 

-JDIl>c;"ual and GayMen ",,,,,,,, 
grpup proyidt;.S,..social 
Ul","~: ~u...'.(l1A in a warm, invito 

• ".' "." ,.<)1 
::0'''-''''- .~Qrula~;p~aj environment. grpup 
~iJPJ.ci'{a.ti)ltati~d,lbY peer counselors, Tony 

.call 534-3755. Mountain 
tennis courts iJLThird 

". ..... 
I .... • 1·~.\ 

1'" • 

8:30 a.m.-9:3O a.m. - Spanish Language 
Workshop for students tiling Spanish lit-
erature 2A, 2B, or 2C. Student Center, 
Bldg. A #214. Free. Free. uc,Stf~c!ll~f~~its ,~~~~f{·~··!S~:th 
WEDNESDA YS 3 p.m.:-:$J.m. - One of a series for Re-

sl\arcl~SerQinar on Mexico and US-Mexi-
. 3 p.m.-4 p.m. - Japanese Language ''': art Relatl~ns, "Roundtable Analysis of 
Workshop. All undergraduate and grad· Elections in he S tate of Mexico." Juan 
ate students welcome. Student Center Bldg.' Mp}inlfi\.~d Denise Dresser. political sci-
A, #214. Free. .Y:::,~ 'j ' en:tist~ Visitlhg Fellow. Commentator: 

"\" \. Arend Lijphart, poh tical scientist, UCSD. 
THURSDAYS ' 'Second floor conference rm, Insl . of the 

",1" A ricas. Free. 

ORGANIZA"'IONA~ l\fEETINGS 

TUESDA Y, NOVEMBER 27 

6 p.m. - The Volunteer Connection seeks 
fresh new faces to serve as student contacts 
and staff trainees. Join us for a staff potluck 
- our treat! Call 534-1414 for details. 

8:30 p.m. - Union of Jewish Students 
meeting. Gallery B, Free. 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29 

7 p.m. - Student Environmental Action 
Coalition meeting. At Student Office #1, 
directly above the Food Co-op in the Old 
Student Center. Find out what 's happening 
next quarter. For more information call 
Steve Ringer, 457-8325. 

LECTURES, EMINAR , AND DI -
CUSSIONS 

MONDA Y. NOVEMBER 26 

2 p.m, - This week is your la t chance to 
come to a birth control info session. Does 

THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 29 

1 ' 
:2 p.m.-South Africa: An Overview and 

'Panel Discussion. What is really going on 
'in 'South Africa? Come and receive first 
hand information from UCSD's own South 

frican students and scholars. Everyone 
,felcome! Don't miss out. International 
~enter Lounge. Free. 

::.'. 
1 p.m. - If you ' re concerned about taking 
care of your body, come to a well woman 
session and hear a discussion about women's 
sexual health matters. lt'n be vacation soon, 
and you'll have time to take care of your-
self. Student Health Service, 2nd floor.' 
Free. 

7:30 p.m. - GRADUATE STUDENT 
DISCUSSIONS. This quarter we're dis-
cussing Rabbi Harold Kushner's "When 
Bad Things Happen to Good People." Join 
us . for this lively . di~ussion. University 
Lutheran Church, Catholic Lounge, Cor-
ner of N. Torrey Pines Rd. and La Jolla 
Shores Drive. Free. 

ENTERTAINMENT 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27 

8 p.m. - UCSD Gospel Choir Fall Con-
cert. Mandeville. Free. 

WEDNE DAY NOVEMBER 28 
THROUGH 
SlThlJ)A Y DECEMBER 2 

UCSD Theatre pre ent THE CONDUcr 
OF LIFE by Maria Irene Fornes. An in-
tensely powerful examination of a military 
officer' s brutal behavior towards his fam-

young man is forced to confront the painful 
family realities that he has avoided for 
years. Performances are WED-SAT at 8 
p.m. and SAT at 11 p.m. 409s Studio 
Theatre. Admission is $5 at the door only. 

SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2 

3 p.m. - Cecil Lytle will perfonn in the 
second concert of the 1990-91 Martin Luther 
King. Jr. Concert Series in the Mandeville 
Center Recital Hall. The event celebrates 
the Third College 20th Anniversary and 
will benefit the Martin Luther King, Jr. 
scholarship fund. Tickets can be purchased 
at the UCSD Box Office of at the door for 
$10. For more information call the De-
partment of Music at 534-5404. 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 

TUESDAY THROUGH SATURDAY 

5 p.m.-CATHOLIC MASS. Sponsored 
by the Catholic Student Community at 
UCSD. University Lutheran Church, cor-
ner of N. Torrey Pines Rd. and La Jolla 
Shores Drive. Free. 

WEDNESDAY , NOVEMBER28 

9:30 p.m. - CANDLEIGHT MASS. A 
quiet, meditative time for sharing with oth-
ers. Sponsored by the Catholic Student 
Community at UCSD. University Lutheran 
Church, cornerofN. Torrey Pines Rd. and 
La Jolla Shores Drive. Free. 

THURSDAY, NOYEMBER29 

5:45 p.m. - THURSDAY DINNER. 
Homemade food and great company. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student Com-
munity at UCSD. University ' Lutheran 
Church, cornerofN. Torrey Pines Rd. and 
La Jolla Shore Drive. Free. 

SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2 

8:30 a.m., 5 p.m., 9 p.m. - CA THOLlC 
MASS. Spon ored by the Catholic Student 
Community at UCSD. University Lutheran 

English stOI'/eW:are"1Jy 
shown will be several pieces by Seth's 
father, renown potter, Michael Carden and 
by Seth's son, Ara Carden. Tues-Fri 10 
a.m.-5 p.m., Sat. 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Free. 

TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY, 
NOVEMBER 28 AND 29 

11 a.m.·2 p.m. - The UCSD Triton 
Yearbook will be taking orders to reserve 
copies of the 1990-91 yearbook. Limited 
copies of the 1989-90 yearbook are also 
available at the Bookstore. Price Center. 

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 1 

6:30 p.m.-8 p.m. - Meet British cerami-
cist Seth Carden and celebrate the opening 
of his show. The exhibition features the 
traditional English stoneware produced by 
Carden and his family at the Wenford Bridge 
Pottery in Cornwall, England. Grove Gal-
lery. Free. 

.. ' 

GrllPh~ by Helen TM/Guardian 

". 



.' 

16 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 
.. 

-ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza is s till UCSD's fine st original 
pizzeria. Tear out the BJ's coupon and 
get your taste buds to BJ's. For UCSD's 
serious pizza eaters! (9/24-1 1/3(j) • '. :CLASSIFIEDS 
PASSPORT PICTURES! New 'at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95 .. Wh ile ' you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near St. Germains. 
452-9949. (9/24-1 1/30) 

Writing Help. I've discover1!d/created 
unique. Fun - yes, fun! approaches ' 
for serious projects. Begin 4&1:1 810. 
(1013-11/30) 

Volkswagen? Or is your car an fi,udi? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only handles 
these 2 autos and nobody dOllS it better 
for UCSD. Bring your ID and -you -get 
20% off most services! Call ·450-9494 . • 
(1 0126-11/30) 

Cldssified advertising is sold in 15-word increments . The rale per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for p~rsof1al use only), $3 forfaculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance. is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian ) or presented in persoll . Deadlines are 3 p .m . Thursday for Monday's 
issue; 3 p.m. M ondayf or Wednesday' s issue, and 3 p.m . Wednesday f or Friday's issue . 
The Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to 
companionship ads. For more information call 534-5416. Mailing address:UCSD 
Guardian , 03 16, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla , CA 92093-0316. Actual address: 

Cheap date?! Cheek out Ricci's great 
Italian food at awesome prices. Two 
dinners forthe price of one (only $7.95) 
with ad in Guardian. (11/12-1 1/30) 

INSURANCE - LOW INSURANCE 
RATES FOR UCSD STUDENTS FOR 
AUTO AND MOTORCYCLE. CALL 
Jessica, 800-457-1234, 9-5 (.11/2-1/9) 

Math/Physics TUlor. Any Level 459-
2669. Leave message. (1 1/14-1 1/30) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSD! 
Jewish Campus' Centers provides 
warmth, education, prayer , sociaJizing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Students! 
502 Matthews , east of t he Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521 . (1 1/26) 

Do you want $1 .55? Johnny Rockets 
in Del Mar IS giving you a free order of 
fries when you order an OriglOal or #12 
burgeri Find the ad in Monday's G and 
you're set. (11/16:11/30) 

GOING TO WAR? FOR WHAT? Net-
work polls show that 50% of Americans 
are against this war. Bush is acting 
unilaterally, and Independently of our 
Congress. Something is not right. If this 
war makes sense to you then sit there. 
Otherwise, call White House comment 
line 2021456-1111 to Insist that the War 
Powers act be respected . (11/26) 
Question #1: How do you get careers 
after college? An Internship In Wash-
Ington or New York!! Question #2 : How 
do you get a National internship? ASIO 
Nat'l Into Night November 26th!! 
Question #3: Where , when? ASIO-
Nov 26th, Santa Barbara/SF Room, 
Price Center, 6-7 p.m. Question #4 : 
What? Public Policy, Eng ineering, 
Public Re lations, Journal ism, Fi· 
nance, Law, Museum (curatorial), 
more. 534-4689 !! (11/26) 
AGAPE BOOKSTORE - Christian 
books. Bibles, giftS, cards, music,chl1rch 
supplies. Ask about student discounts 
with Guardian ad. 6904 Miramar Rd., 
#210. 586-7818.0126-1/11 ) 
WORK IN EUROPE THIS SUMMER! 
Find out how Thursday , November 29, 
4 p.m., Internotional Center Confer-
ence Room. Sprlnsored by the Oppor-
tunit ies Abroad Office. (11/26-11 /28) 

Student Center A , top floor. 

SAIL!!! Work on TAN ! Look sharp on 
deck! Help sail 37' pleasure boat. No 
experience (or pay) , just desire to sail 
regularly . Day trips, coastal cruising . 
Mike, 277-9135. (11126) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist 1200 to 1500 

. hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student discounts. 558-46441226-1962. 
(9124-1 114) 

WRITING Help from ' UC-Grad Tutorl 
Writerl Researcher. All projects wel -
come. Productive, Intense! Start Early. 
481-1810. (10/3-11/30) 

Math/Physics Tulor. Any leVel , 459-
2669. Leave message. (11 /14-11/30) 

Papers typed ! Quick and affordable. 
From $21pg . Call LJ Colony Resumes & 
Professional Typing. 455-8357. Laser 
printing ! 60 typestyles to choose from! 
One day service available. (10/5-111 
30) 

TYPING: TERM PAPERS, ETC. RUSH 
JOBS AT NO EXTRA CHARGE . 453-
0656. (1 0/3-11130) 

PINWHEELS - a full service salon near 
campus - Costa Verde Center. FaCials, 
waxing, lash tints and more . Ca ll 
Parvaneh, 558-1858. (10/26-11 /30) 

Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only handles 
these 2 autos and nobody does it better 
for UCSD. Bring your ID and you get 
20% off most services I Call 450-9494. 
(10/26-1 I '30) 

Word Processing. Quality work at rea-
sonable prices. Resumes, reports, etc. 
Laser printer. Call Diane 755 1724. (1 01 
29-11 /30) 

Just in time tor the holidays! Custom 
color and B& W portraits, photo calen-
darslcards , and much more. Also 1 hr. 
film dev., passport photos, and slide 
dev. All your photo finishing needs In 
one convenient location. Spectru m 
Photo. 549-2941 (1117-11/26) 

Airline prices up again - buy now for 
best holiday travel fare . Free ticket 
delivery, 450-0812. (1117-11 /28) 

Word Processing - everything from 
term papers to resumes. 24-hour ser-
vice available 7 days a week, 450-
0812. (1117-1 1/30) 

Cheap dale?! Check out Ricci 's great 
Italian food at awesome prices! Two 
dinners for the price of one (only $7.95) 
with ad in Guardian. (11 /12-11 /30) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Experi-
enced. Word Processing. Research 
using MEDLINE or BRS Colleague; 1 
hour minimum. Student Rates. Modem. 
Laser printer. 9-7 Mon. - Fri. Weekend 
appointments. 753-5964. 1521 Summit 
Ave., Cardiff. (11 /14-11 /30) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Word Pro-
cessing, Reports, Speeches, Disserta-
tions, Manuscripts, Presentations. Ex-
perienced. Laserprinler. Student Rates! 
753-5964. (11 11 4-11 /30) 

How's your smile? How's your breath? 
Maybe you need a dental check-up! 
Professional Dental Care can help you 
with reasonable rates. Located at 1349 
Camino Del Mar. Call today, 792-8880, 
to improve your appearance. (11 /16-
11130) 

Resumes, word processing, editing, 
proofreading, desktop publishing. Done 
by professional marketing consultants . 
Will beat any quoted price ! Guaranteed ! 
Free pick-up and delivery, 7 days, rush 
jobs, laser printer. 549-081 7. (11 /16-
11128) 

IBM WORD PROCESSING - EDIT-
ING. Quick Clean. Reasonab le. 
Technical writer, former White House 
secretary 755-81881753-6673. (11/16-
11 126) 

WORD PROCESSING, 4.0 English 
Skills , term papers, experienced dis-
sertations, 7-day week, rush jobs re fer-
ences 755-2683. (11/19-1/11) 

Tired of the long lines at the "other" 
copy places? Printmasters (in the Von's 
shopping center) has fast and friendly 
service. Try us once and you 'll never go 
back to the other place. (11 /19-11 /30) 

Are you fil? Get into shape for the 
holidays at Being-FIt. No initiation fee. 
Only 4 miles from campus. Don 't delay 
- call today! 483-9294. (11/26) 
~--------------------------------------------------, 

-

Sperm 6475 Alvarado Road, Suite 109 '" 
( B~ J~----------------------~~ next to SDSU r Inc. 

-

DO YOU NEED EXTRA CASH ? 
Are you in good physical condition? 

Could you use an additional $300.00/month? 
($35 per usuable sample) 

SPE~ D ONORS NEEDED 
all ethnic groups 

(619) 265-2407 
, 

TYPING - PROOFREADING - ED-
ITING Term papers , M.A.s, Ph.D.s, 
Legal, and Medical. RUSH JOBS. Call 
MARIE, 931-9596. (11 /26) 

GREAT CHRISTMAS GIFTS! For your 
entire family . Have your family's old 
8mm film transferred to VHS. One low 
price supplies a present for everybody! 
Call today I 619-272-0868. (11 /26-11 1 
30) 

WORD PROCESSING, EDITING. $21 
page, free pickup and delivery. 7 daysl 
week. Irma, 453-6282. (11 /26-11/30) 

GUTENBERG DESIGNS - O::SK-
TOP PUBLISHERS. Resumes , 
menus, flyers, newsletters, businness 
cards, and more! CALL 551-9204. 
(11 /26) 

WANTED 
Happy with your present salary? I need 
people who want to make more ASAP . 
(619) 758-4602. (10/10-11 /30) 

Domino's Pizza at UCSD is now hiring 
Pizza Makers and Customer Service 
Representatives. Must be at least 16 

. years old, energetic and efficient with 
an outgoing personality. Will be re-
sponsible for greeting customers , tak-
ing pizza orders and othp.r store op-
erations . Eligible applicants should 
apply at the UCSD store, located at 
3211 Holiday Court after 3:30 p.m. (101 
19-11/30) 

Addressers wanted immediately! No 
experience necessary. Excellent pay! 
Work at home. Call toll -free: 1-800-395-
3283. (11 12-1111) 

Guaranteed $7/h r. Sorren to Valley 
telemarketing agency seeks respon-
sible, professional telemarketers for fulll 
part- time day shifts. Computer and 
telephone experience a plus bul will 
train right individual. Call 450-9463. (1 11 
16-1 1/26 ) 

WANTED - Dependable salesperson 
for Tlnley's tnathlon performancewear 
shop in Del Mar. Available morningsl 
weekends . 755-8015. (11 /16-11 /26) 

WANTED 100 PEOPLE. We will pay 
you to lose 10-29 Ibs in 30 days. All 
natural, nationally televised. (1-800-
347-7584) (11/26-11 /30) 

Warm, dependable adull wanted to care 
for two preschoolers Monday and 
Wednesday mornings. Call 689-1 549. 
(11 /1 9-1 1128) 

STRESSED OUT? 
fREE research stud ies evaluating 
medications are available to people 
suffering from anxiety. SymplOms 
include feeling nervous, tense, irri -
table, stomach problems, insomnia, 
muscle aches. and difficulty concen-
Irating. Suilable vol unleefli receive 
free medications, lab tests, physicals 
and psychiatric evaluations. I g or 
older, please call Monday Ulfough 
Friday, to am.-4 p.m. 

FREE STUDIES ALSO 
AVAILABLE FOR 

DEPRESSION 

554-0100 
0°000 F EIGII NE R o 0 R I:S EAR CII 

- I NSTITUT E 

Monday, November 26;'1990 . 
. • . ! 

SECRETARYILAW CLERK - H6a.vy 
filing, copying and phones: Good ·t)!p.-
ing skills required. $5.35 per /lour. L!J 
Jolla Shores. Call 4!jg'-411 e' ask . for · . 
Noelle or Joanne. (11 /26-111 'I) - .. -

Earn money In your spare ··time and 
have fUn, too! It's easy to sell . .Avon 
products to your t dends and rieighWr"s .. 
For more information , call fi6()-7741 . 
(11 /26) . '. 
COULD SOMEONE YOU KNQW BE;: A 
MODEL? Successful print, ielevisi.on ; .. 
and runway model working iii New York . 
City and Los Angeles since.'1979 will ' 
get you started in whichever area you're 
interested in, from fit to industrial mod-
eling. Personal consultations on ?i1 . 
hourly basis. NO LARGE FEES! Call' 
538-0204 for more information. (1 '1/26) .. 

The Language Program needs tutors 
for Spanish and French. 3.0 GPA 're-
quired. Apply by December 7. in Room 
214, Student Center Building A-dr call 
534-2284 . (11 /26-11130) . 

FOR SALE 
DISCOUNT AIR FARES. RESERVE 
HOLIDAY TRAVEL NOW. USA, EOPE. 
FREE BONUS MILES. 481 -1264. (101 
26-11 /30) 

6' futon and 4-position fra~e. $100. 
Close to campus. 587-0709. (10/26-111 
30) ., 

IBM COMPATIBLE ST, AT or 386. 1 yr 
warranty. On site installationltraining. 
298-6708. (11 /12-11 /30) 
Zenith Supersport laptop computer 
(8088) , 20MB HD, 2400 baud modem, 
MS-DOS, Works, Word, Epson LQ-85O, 
24 pin printer, $1250/ 453-8124 . (11 1 
16-11 /26) 
IBM COMPATIBLE 30MB HARD 
DRIVE, COLOR MONITOR, PRINTER 
(includes Wordperfect 5.0) $999 obo. 
Song 792-8493. (11 /16-11 /26) 
1985 Bertone (Fiat) x1 /9 hardtop con-
vertible sports car. ~ -speed. 25k miles. 
Like new. 792-6039. (11/19-11128 ) 
'82 DODGE VAN. 6 cyl, 4spd, great 
SURF vehicle. Must sell! $2900 obo, 
632-1483. (11 /19-11 /28) 
5 AC/DC tickets; Dec. 15 Long Beach, 
only SoCal show. $1 00 each, 793-0273. 
(11 /26-1 1128) 

19" color VCR/TV $500. Single futon 
$60, bed $30, fun heater $20, dinner 
set $10, carton drawers $5, chair $5. 
597-0657. (11/26-11 /30) 
Plane ticket - RT Sand Diego/Stock-
ton, CA. Leaves 12120190, returns 1/11 
91 . $150 or best offer. Call 459-7709. 
(11126-1 1/30) 
Roundtrip ticket - Sand Diego to San 
Francisco. Leave 1219, return 1/3. Best 
offer. 452-5966 . (11/26-11 130) 

'86 Nissan Sentra4-door, 42,000 miles, 
N C, 5-speed , excellent shape. 574-
1503. (11 /26-11128) 

BOSE AM-5 Speakers. Perfect condi-
tion. Call Kenneth aI546-0735 . (11 /26 ) 
'86 TOYOTA Celica. White , hatchback, 
35M, phone, air, automatic, new tires. 
MINT. $7,500. 454-4158 . (11 /26) 
'81 MERCEDES. Ivory, low miles. new 
ti res, same owner. $8,500. 454-4158. 
(11 /26) 

PAID INTERNSHIPS! 
(Positions Limited) 

Applications/ Interviews ~ 
Ing taken now for the best 
summer business Internship 
you can find. ' Earn $6-
$12,000+ while ~anaglng 
your branch of UNIVERSITY 
PAINTING PROFESSIONALS 
durtng summer 1991. 

Call 1~LL-UPP today. 

Monday, November 26,1990 

HOUSING 
Male roommate, own room, near UCSD, 
tennis, pool, $334. Free rent Dec. 10-
31. Craig 546-9459. (11 /14-11 /26) 

MALE ROOMMATE WANTED : own 
master bedroom, tenniscts.jacuzzl. pool, 
wI. room. ample parking, 3 minutes to 
UCSD,$418.50 + 1I2util, only$75deposit. 
From 12115 to 6/30, 452-2664. (1117-1 11 
30) 

Own room available Dec. 1, University 
City home, $320 plus utilities. Female, 
nonsmoker, clean . 455-9580. (11 /16-111 
26) 

One bedroom apartment in La Jolla, 5 
min. from UCSD. Take over 3 mo. lease, 
then mo. to mo. Pool, jacuzzi , weight 
room, SfO 'ma. $660/month, $300 deposit. 
Call 597-0702. (11/16-11130) 

La Jolla Colony - Female wanted. Own 
room, partially furnished. Available De-
cember. $380/m o. plus 113 util ities. Con-
tact Diana 558-2081. (1 1/1 6-11/26) 

Female roommate wanted to share 2BRI 
2BA apt in La Jolla Colony. WID in apt .. 
pools, jacuzzi, fitness center, plus extras. 
$450 plus 1/2 utilities/month. Call 558-
6623. (11/16-1 1/28) 
Male graduate student wanted as room-
mate. Own bedroom in Mesa apartments. 
$240/month plus utilities. 587-8507, call 
Tony. (11 ' 16-1 1126) 
Room for rent. House University City. 
Washer/dryer. 362.50/month + uti!. Call 
Lauri 452-9409. (11119-1 1130) 

Penasquitos $1050, 4 bedrooms, 2.5 
baths, house 2-car garage. Available in 
Nov. Leave message: 695-8253. (1 1/19-
11130) 

Single room for rent in Hillcrest. Only 
$233/month. 4 blocks from shuttle. Park-
ing. Washer/dryer. 688-1301 . (1 1/19-111 
28) 
University City 2 rooms available Dec 10 
or after $303/298 plus 1/3 uti!. Pool and 
tennis courts looking for responsible fe-
male non-smoker. 552-9t 35. (11 /19-1 I I 
26) 

2 roommates, male, to share master 
bedroom. Close to campus. $260 each. 
452-2664. 12-5 to 6-30. (11 /26-11130) 

Single room for ren t in Genessee High-
lands. Available now. $310 plus 1/3 utili -
ties. 5 min. from UCSD. Close to pool, 
park, and stores. Call 587-8910. (1 1/26-
11130) 
ROOMMATE NEEDED for La Jolla condo 
5 minutes from campus. 1 female non-
smoker shares master bedroom off bal-
cony with own bathroom, near pool and 
bus stop. $275. Call 457-2552 ASAPI 
(11126-11/30) 

Rooms for rent. Spacious University City 
house'! Near all! Garden, fireplace l $3901 
mo. 459-2935 or 551-9203. (11126) 

Roommates wanted for University City 
condo. 2 rooms available Dec. 10 or after. 
$3031298 plus 1/3 util. Pool and tennis 
courts (females only). 552-9135. (11 /26-
11130) 
Roommate needed, own room with bath. 
Spacious, sunny, new apartment. $3901 
mo. plus 1/2 utilities. 270-4187. (11 /26-11 
9) 

UTC area $340/mo. Mature female non-
smoker. No pets. Quiet 2 bedll bath 
(apartment). 455-6129 or 554-4 184. (I 11 
26-11/30) 

Male roommate wanled to share master 
bedroom near UTC. Pool, sauna, jacuzzi, 
raquetball , washer and dryer. $287.50 
plus 113 utilities. Joe. Barry, or Peter, 558-
1060, (11126-lt /28) 

Two rooms available in mid December in 
a nice ,Jur bedroom University City house 
With large yard . Rent is only $360 or $345 
per month (utilities and laundry ircluded!) . 
Great location only 8 minutes from UCSD. 
Contact John, 453-7159. Sorry no 
smokers, drugs. or pets. (11 /26-11/30) 
I 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: Bracelet-on campus. Call 484-
8571 . (11116-11 /26) 
LOST: Pagenet beeperl $40 cash reward . 
no questions asked. Call John: 536-8699. 
(1 1116-11 /26) 
FOUND - Casio watch. Call 454-2963 
evenings. (11 126) 
FOUND:One pairofgloves in Price Center 
on Friday, November 16. Call Charlotte at 
534-0818 and identify. (11 /26-11 /28) 

PERSONALS 
Beautiful outdoordiningovenooking Torrey 
Pines golfcourse!Tasty, nutritious cuisine, 
all you can eat salad bar ... Choices 554-
FOOD. (20% discount w/UCSD ID). (91 
24-11 130) 
Are you fit? Get into shape for the holi-
days at Belng·FIt. No initiation fee. Only 4 
miles from campus. Don't delay - call 
today! 483-9294. (11126) 

Are you paying more than 5 cents per 
gallon on your drinking water? Call (619) 
259-9086 for drinking water at only 3 cents 
per gal lon. (11 /9-119) 
Cheap date?! Check out Ricci 's great 
Italian food at awesome prices I Two din-
ners for the price of one (only $7.95) with 
ad in Guardian. (11/12-11130) 

Do you want $1 .55? Johnny Rockets in 
Del Mar is giving you a free order of fries 
when you order an Original or #12 burger! 
Find the ad in Monday's G and you're set. 
(11 /16-11130) 
Rumor has it that the last bus for the 
baseball game is leaving sometime soon 
- does anybody know? Where is the bus 
stop anyway?j(11 /26) 

Price Center Gameroom presents: 

Final 

Nine Ball 
Tournatnent 

CASH PRIZES FOR THE WINNERS! 
Date: Thursday - November 29, 1990 

Time: 7:00 pm 

The UCSD Guardian 

How's your smile? How's your breath? 
Maybe you need a dental check-up I Pro-
fessional Dental Care can help you with 
reasonable rates. Located at 1349 Camino 
Del Mar. Call today, 792·8880 10 improve 
your appearance. (11/16-11/30) 
Tired of the long lines at the "other" copy 
places? Printmaster (in the Von's shop-
ping center) has fast and friendly service. 
Tryusonceand you'II nevefgo back to the 
other place. (11/19-11 /30) 
Something new is brewing in La Jolla. The 
LaJolia Brewing Co. has four great beers, 
all brewed on site . And to sweeten the 
deal, Wednesday is UCSD night; $1.00 
Pilsners after 9 p.m. (11 /19-11130) 
Muir Semiformal -Under the Sea" Satur-
day, January 26. Dinner and dancing. It 
will be a splash I (I 1126) 
5i9 Eps - We had a great time at our 
Roadwarriors exchange with Singing and 
Smores by the bonfire. You guys are 
awesome. Thanks, the sisters of Delta 
Gamma. (11/26) 

The Language Program needs tutors for 
Spanish and FrenCh. 3.0 GPA required. 
Apply by December 7 in Room 214, Stu-
dent Center Build;ng A or call 534-2284. 
(11 /26-11 /30) 

REPOSSESSED VA .. HUD HOMES 
avallible from government from $1 

without credit check . 
You repair. 

Also tax delinquent foreclosures. 
CALL 1-805-682-7555 

EXT. H-1443 for repo list your area. 

You 
SiN 

VISA OR MASTERCARD! 
Even if bankrup t or bad c redit! 
We guarantee you a card or 

double your m oney back. 
Call 1-805-682-7555 

EXT. M-1052 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vons) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Next to Pizza Hut) 566-6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT. NOT NECESSARY 

MANICURIST AVAfLABLE 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

Robert'sAuro 
German, Swedish ' 

~o:': • 

7 VISA' • 

Japan~e service* 
• All Work Fully 'Guaranteed 

;' • Factory-Trained S~ali~ts 

(619)275-1132 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 p m 
Saturdays 8 am-6 pm 

'O OIU'C~" 

4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

---------------------

• 
• • 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

10% OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

°E=pt motor and transmission overhaul. Not oolid with any other coupon. 

••• 

1% 
or 

SA , 
We'll give you soup or salad 

As usual 
.... CAM"'" 

""VlaY' 

and a beverage 
(wine & beer included) 

10 Y'OUII D09Jl FREE I (saveupto~3.30) H_"' M-Th lIam-11 pm 
f-Sof 110m-Mid 

Sun 11: 300m'" pm 
Dine-in only for (his ~pcci31 o ffer 
Plea"" pre""n! coupon when ordering. Ezptre. 12/Z6/YO 

bo::====:r-' 8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. LaJ:)Il:i Vii/age Center 
455-0662 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• UCSD's original Pizzeria is stili the best.! • 

• •••••••••••••••••••• 

SOMETHING FUN IS BREWING IN IA JOLLA! 

;. 
.... 

~ ~ o~ ~ 
~ , 

$ Is- 0(:-
5 , --......;;:::::.:::!::~:::-..- 6. e 

y...... ~o 
'" It bee t 

WEDNESDAY NIGHTS ARE NOW 

UCSD NIGHT 
o lunch 
o Di';' 
o Oyster Bar 
o Happy Hour 3-6 
o 21/w sludent 10 ,...... U:~~--~--
Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-12 pm. Fri.-Sat. 11 am-2 am 



HOT STUFF 
DON'T MISS THISI ITS TOO HOT TO HANDLE I 
TIPSY TAXI for a safe n'de home call 234-6161. 
FREE AIRPORT & AMTRAK SHUTTLE for Christmas 
IlOlidnys. Call 534-R1DE for more information. Reserva-
tions accepted between 11126 & 1214. 

ents ••• 
OVEMBER 2 .1990,6:30 pm 

Price Center Cove 

FREE MOVIE: "Roger and Me" 
ovembel 30. 1990 at 7pm 

3rd College. SLH, Room 107 
Committee for World Democracy Film eries - everyone is welcome! 

A Public Relations/ Marketing Meeting 
ovember '27 1990 at 6pm 

3rd Roor at Price Center 
ee infomUltion below. Everyone is welcome! 

MacWave - Macinto h Student User Group Meeting 
I\ovember 28. 1990 at '2pm 
'ew location: Mac's Place 

COllie and be a part of this new organization. 

MOVIE: THE FRESHMAN 
t'<o\ember 29, 1990 at 63Opm, 9pm, 1:30pm 
Prrce Center TheaterTickets available in advance at the Box Office or 

before sho~ at the door. O~L Y $1.00! 

BATTLE OF THE BAND 
February I , 1991 - Re velie 
Get your band ready to baule for $500 in cash prizes . 
Demos will be due second week of Winter Quarter 

"WILD ABOUT CHOCOLATE" CHOCOLATE FESTIVAL 
Alpha Omicron Pi Sorority 

ovember 28. II :OOam 4:00 pm 
Price Center, Ballroom A 
All proceeds gomg to Anhritis Research. Call Jennifer Oh 484-2784 or Renee 

Herstoff 457-2940. 
Vendors and members will be selling various sweet chocolate goodies. 

Treat yourself or someone special/a CHOCOLATE! and help others find cures for 

VIETNAMESE STUDENT ASSOCIATION 
End of the Quaner Dance 
December . 9:00pm - 12 midnight 
The Pub (Old Student Cemer) 
For more InfOmlallon. call Phuong. 5 -4-7763. 

E GLISH COUNTRY DANCE PARTY 
Lively folk dance~ from England, both ancient & modem. All are welcome, no 

experrence or partner necessary. Spomored by Folk Dance Club & Rec Dept. 
Saturday, December I. 8:00 pm 
Rec Conferel14..e Room, Recreational Gym. 
For infornlatlon/questions, 452-2735. 

SOUTH AFRICA - AN OVERVIEW & A PANEL DISCUSSION 
Come IlIld receive firsthand information from South Afncan students and 

scholars. 
Thursday, ovember29, 1990, 12 noun 
International Center Lounge 

A.S, Public Relations / MARKETING 
We are looking for enthusiastic, hard working, creative and talented individuals. 

Artistic ability is NOT a requirement. We will train anyone in whatever area you 
decide. Mot of all. we are looking for YOU! 

The experience our staff gain set them "a step ahead of the rest" when entering 
the Business World. 

For more information. contact George Maurer, Commissioner of PR/Marketing 
at 534-4450. See the ABOVE advcr iment. 

SOCIETY OF WOMEN ENGINEERS 
inth Arumal Evening with Industry is January 23, 1991. This is a great opponu-

nity to make comact, learn about industry, & see if your favority professor will win the 
Faculry Award. Detail coming early Wimer Quarter. 
RADICALLY INCLINED SNOW SKI CLUB 

Mandatory All-Cal meeting Wednesday, Nov. 28,8:00 pm, PH 110. 
*Bus & Condo Info 
* Extra tickets may till 'be on sale at the meeting. 

INTER-COLLEGE RESIDENCE HALL ASSOCIATION 
Meeting Wednesday, 5:00 pm, Berkeley Room. For more information. call Shana 

at 450-0759. 
All-Campus Study Break, Price Center Plaza 
December 2, 8:00 pm - 10:00 pm. 
Soda and Roundtable Pizza for only $1.00. 

FRIENDS FOR LIFE 
Meeting tonight 6:00 -7:30 pm in USB 3050 B. Don't miss out on helping to plan 

next quarter's activities. 

LESBIAN, GAY & BISEXUAL ASSOCIATION 
General meeting Tuesday, November 27, 4:00 pm in LGBA's office. 
Movie: "Desen Hearts" in Price Center Theatre, Wednesday, Nov. 28, 8:00 pm 
Social hours: Thursday, November 29, 4:30 - 6:30 pm, Revelle Formal Lounge. 

VOLUNTEER CONNECTION 
Join us for a stuff potluck Tuesday, November 27, 6:00 pm 
We need 10-20 volunteers to delivery holiday gift baskets December 17-2 1 for 

Homestart, an organization that serves families of abused children. 

W ATERPOLO CLUB 
Last meeting of the quarter, Saturday, December 1, 4:00 - 6:00 pm 

atatorium. Everyone welcome! 

NATIVE AMERICAN STUDENT ALLIANCE 
Open membership meeting. Thursday. November 29, 8:00 am, Warren 

Adm i,istratio Building, Conference Room. 
Guest speaker: Chief Phil Stevens of SIOUX Nation, Red Cloud Society, 

ov r ber 29,6:00 - 8:00 pm, Price Cemer, Gallery A. 

ASSOCIATED STUDENTS INTERNSHIP OFFICE 
Nationallnfo ight, tonight from 6:00 - 7:00 pm in the Santa Cruz/San Francisco 

Room. 2nd floor, Price Center. 

UCSD TRITON YEARBOOK 
If you would like to reserve a copy of the 1990-1991 Yearbook, please come to the 

table in the Price Cemer, November 28 - 30. 
Limited copies of the 1989-1990 Yearbook in the Bookstore at the Class Ring 

counter. First come, firs! serve! 

EXTENDED LIBRARY HOURS 
Friday, November 30 - Friday, December 7 until 3:00 am 

ACADEMIC SENATE COMMITTEE 
Positions open, students needed: 

Academic Freedom: I undergraduate, I graduate 
Admissions: I undergraduate 
Affinnative Action: 1 undergraduate, I graduate 
Campus & Community Environment: I undergraduate, I graduate 
Computing: 1 undergraduate, 1 graduate 
Education Abroad Program & International Education: 

I undergraduate, I graduate 
Graduate Council : 2 graduates 
Library: I undergraduate, I graduate 
Planning & Budget: 1 undergraduate, 1 graduate 
Undergraduate Preparatory & Remedial Education (CUPRE): 

1 undergraduate, I graduate 

AS NEWSFLASHES is produced by the Associated Students orUCSD. To havean advertisement 
placed in AS NEWS FLASHES, there is a drop !)ox to the left of the Public Relations olTice, 3rd 
noor. Advertisement is subject to availability or space. Deadline is e~ery Wednesday al noon 
for the following Monday paper. 
All adverti ements subject to approval by PR ommittee. For more information contact 

Maurer AS Commissioner of Public R at 534-4450. 

Mo nday , November 26, 1990 ,uardian 
----------------- ------------

M. HOOP: Tritons Capture Own 
Conllnued from page 20 
three-point shooterextraordillaire, 
now with the NBA 's Orlando 
Magic), U SD Head oach Tom 
Marshall said "11 think I he WclS 
Dennis ScOII. " 

All night long. the so18l1er Ti-
gers outhustled the Tri tons on de-
fense and offense, out -rebounded 
UCSD 39-29, and shot a tonid 
55.2 percent from 100 field, in-
cluding IOfor 15 (67%) from three-
point land. 

Occidental also forced the Tri-
tons into a frenetic up-tempo sty Ie 
that led to several wide-open fast-
break layups by Tiger freshman 
point-guard Hung Duong ( 17 
points) and Kombrink. 

On the opposite end of the floor, 
UCSD bad trouble converting its 
fast-break opportunities, as the 
Tigers consistently got back well 
on defense, resulting in low-per-
centagescoring in one-on-three and 
two-on-four situations for the Tri-
tons. 

Marshall wasn ' t fazed by 
Occidental speeding up the game's 
tempo, he just wished that the Tri-
tons could have been a little more 
effective when they ran with the 
ball_ 

"We can defmitely IUD the ball 
a loc thia year," Marshall said. "We 
have enough depth on our bench so 
dw we should be Ible to run a lot 
of teams into the ground. 

"But if we are ,oin. to run. we 
have to run with a purpose, not 
beIIa--skeller like we did [against 
Occidental). " 

But, delpite KombriDk', infal-
libility from 20 feet and funber in 
the last 10 minutes, UCSD always 

bId~ ... ""~""'" keep the rest of the 
balance, 

1be kay streICh of the contest 
bepn with tourmjnytes remaining, 
u Kombrink drained a trey, aivin8 
Oocidenw-.J 84-82ldvantaaeand 
only the Tiaen' second leadofthc 
contest 

Rapp, who wu auaed the 
toumameaI'. JOOIt valuable player, 
WII DOt eo be outdoae u be hit a 

Sophomore Andy Swindal( Stretched for a defensive rebound In 
Saturday night's 74-72 victory over Christian Heritage for the titIe_ 
~pointerofhis own with 3:50 UCSD then seemed to put the 
left, giving the Tritons an 8S-804 game out of reach when junior 
advantage that they buih to 87-804 poiDrguardDarvinJacksonc.nned 
with 2:30 remaining. two shots from the charity stripe to 

But Kombrink couldn't I~ve build the lead to 92-89 with only 
__ I' ' ...... ' flIIIPfl.JII d I .. • .. 

pmut87witbllllOtbcrtlne.PCJIty At this point. if you were to. 
seconds 1aIer, a layup by the Tigers' Angeles Laker radio IlnnOuncer 
Blair Slatterly gave Occidental an Chick Hearn you might say this 
89-87 edge with just under two game was "in the refrigerator ... 
minutes left. and the butter' s getting cold," 

The TritoDi =wwered. riJ*? WIQII&. 
u Rapp bIMted!be Occk"~ .~"~~~ to be UD-
dental defense for a layup, WI& conidoua from betmd the mr-: 
fouled. IIDd converted his fiee... point line, u he nailed his fourth 
1hrow,giving{,JCSDtheleadagain three pointer in four minutes to 

1l~89. See II. HOOP, Page 13 

COPPER: Controversy Over Arizona Bowls 
Conttnued from piIge 20 
Bowl," "Don ' t Compromise Our 
Freedom," and "Keep the Dteam 
Alive - Say No." 

Studeata au.:tecl UCB 0Ian-
ceDor OIIq-Lin Tim's dec:ision 
to accC!pl the bowl bid, and accused 
him of using the fact tIw there are 
African-American studenb 011 the 
..... 10 justify his decision. 

Tien let the team decide if it 
wanted to go to the Copper Bowl 
or DOt. The teen, iDcludinJ me 
African-American playen, voted 
unanimously to anend the bowl. 

Wby the controversy in the tim 
place? 

It'. lAd that Arizona voters 
cboIe not to vote for a King holi-
day - but chanca are that the 
King holiday initiative probably 
wu more a victim of an anti-
spendi", backlash than Arizona 
l'IICillD. Voters in Arizona just 
didn't want to spend money on 
another paid holiday for state 
workers . The King holiday 
proposition suffered as a rault. 

In addition, why is it a/ootball 
boycott? 

Has football suddenly become 
the bastion of Ci vil Rights? 
Doubtful. Though Tagliabue had 
livised that the Super Bowl be 
pulled out of Arizona, his league 's 

record when it comes to minority 
birings is disgusting. Nfl. hirinas 
far trail the minority hiring records 
of the NBA and Major League 
BaaebaI.I. I'm sure Raiders head 
coach An SheD, u the NfL', only 
black head coach, is applauding 
the dccilion. But the fact ttiat Shell 
is the only black bead coach makes 
mesick. 

The Cal football team chose to 
SO to the Copper Bowl. )t is not the 
fault of the Copper'Bowl's orga-
nizers that Arizona failed to vote 
for the holiday - in fact. Copper 
Bowl and Fiesta Bowl officials 
pushed hard for the holiday. 

Why should the players and fans 
of the Cal Bears be punished? Why 
should the Copper Bowl (and Fiesta 
Bowl) be punished? Because 
there'. 00 state holiday for Kin, in 
Arizona? 

The problem demonstrators 
should be worried about is not the 
presence or absence of a holiday. 
The Arizona referendum wu not a 
vote on racism at all - in all Iike-
lihood, it was a vote on govern-
ment spending. The true problem 
we all need 10 be concerned about 
is racism. 

It 's our business as human be-
ings to fight racism in every way 
possible_ By foc using on some-

thing u stupid as Arizona' refer-
endum, both conege and profes-
sional football are oblcllliD& the 
larJer point Bo)'COttillc Arizona 
sporting events is a rash decision 
that would do little or nothing to 
stop racism. 

Those who protested Cal ' s 
Copper Bowl bid should spend their 
time focuaina 00 IDIIters dIat ac-
tually have something to do with 
racism. Their energy is welcome, 
but paid state holidays are not g~ 
ing to stop prejudice. 

Individuals like Tagliabue, who 
try to use a boycott of Arizona as 
an easy way to show suppon for 
Civil Rights, are just trying to fool 
all of us. 

PuUing the Super Bowl out of 
Arizona and boycotting the Fiesta 
Bowl and Copper Bowl won ' i Slop 
l'IICism - but it provides the imIJge 
that something's being done to stop 
racism. 

Image isn' t everything . We 
shouldn't let ourselves be fooled 
mto Ihinking that by boycotting 
Arizona, we 've done our duty in 
the fight against racism. That 's a 
delusion, and one that shouldn 't be 
encouraged. 

Oh , and one last thing - good 
luck, Cal Bears players and fans. 

II looks like you ' ll need it. 

SPORTS 1° 

..,.".---.,.- --- - - -- - --- - - -.;-----..~ 

, . 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME otSCCMIfrI 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
MJSINESSCARDI 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVA. ~ ... 

Mf8JO{'1'111 " .' 
Sat 1 -4~m 'I. , th ur"OIO 

----.,... .............. ---
MoIIcpoIIo'\ "....,. ..... ""~ ...... 1eot 

: luya .... or...... 
. ............. JiJ.~:~~. · 

:2 for 1c~ : 
: La_c:--,mO~AcI..#101(JnIlle't\:llle. ~li~ ..... : 0._".,_..... '_ .... . 
~ ........••••....... ~.... . ... . 

\ 
\ 

., 

RiIdII: !Ia ........ ..., .... 
Ibt «*-t-.,q ..... . 
fij IrilI pritw ... 1218. 
~lnIn"lIIl J", 
ds&!jlilll. br.n.flarari:e, t'. 
best III corne an I'. 



SPORTS 
The D Guardian Monday, November 26, 1990 

Tritons Thankful in Tip-Off Tourney 
• Men's basketball 
squeaks by both 
Occidental and 
Christian Heritage 
in last-second wins 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports EdItor 

The UCSD men ' basketball team won 
thi weekend' annual Trit n Tip-Off Tour-
nament, but it Friday and aturda night 
win overthe Occidental College Tigers and 
Christian Heritage College Hawks, re pee-
livel} , were hardly turkeY-II'I for the host 
Tritons. 

In tead, UCSD escaped with the first-
place trophy by the skin of It teeth . as last-
second herOICS made the difference 111 both 
Its 94-92 \ictory over the Tli!e r~ and il'" '14 
72 dging of the Hawks. 

The Triton remamed unbeaten, I unning 
their , eason record to 4· 0, includi ng j 102-

2 ddeat of highly regarded AlA Point 
Lorna azerene College la<;t TUl;sJ.l), night. 

enio r guard Tim Rapp led the hit n, with 
35 po lOt in a game that was tkd at 30 api el.: . 
at hal ftime. 

Friday nIght 's eonte~t set the tone lor the 
weekend, a UCSD wa barel) .tb le to 
squeeze pa. t a much . horter, but tenacious 
Occidental quad. If it wa n' t for ~enior 
forward Gordon Mc elll 's tie-breaking 
baseline J 5-foot jump shot with only one 
econd remaining, there ' s no tell i ng what 

might have happened. 
Occidental, on the houlder of an in-

credible 83 percent (five of ix) three-point 
shooting performanc.:e by freshman ll-
Tournament guard Ryan Kombrink, had 
overcome a 10-point econd-half d ficit. 

The Tigers had the Tritons on the ropes, 
ready fora knockout , before McNeill' wifl 
uppercut knocked them down for the count. 
For his heroics and otherendeavor~ , M Nt!ill 
was voted to the All-Tournament team. 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Gordon McNeill (5) and the Tritons rose above the competiton this weekend - but just barely. McNeill's baseline jumper with 
one second remaining lifted UCSD over Occidental 94-92 in the opener Friday night. Saturday he added 12 points and nine 
rebounds to go with 12 points and eight boards the night before, earning the senior forward a spot on the A 11-Tournament team. 

When asked if Kombrink's remarkable 
26 point shooting performance looked more 
like Denni Scott (former Georgia Tech 

See M. HOOP, Page 19 

Cal' 
Be 

Co per 5 ould 
hed byVot 

't 
• ar I 

By Jason Snell 
Senior Staff Woter 

Tht! UnIversity of Caltforma, 
Berkeley football team IS gOing to 
a bowl game for the first time in ... 
well, it seems like forever. 

The Cal Bears are a bad-Iuck -
some might say just plam bad -

COMMENTARY 
team, and have been for a long 
time. They haven't been to the 
Rose Bowl since Lassie and her 
pal Timmy were stars on that wacky 
new invention, television. 

Their opponent was North-
western. That'llgiveyou omeidea 
about how long it's been. 

In fact, the last time they went 
to any bowl game, it was the Gar-
den State Bowl. If the Ro e Bowl 
i the granddaddy of wI. the 

Garden State Bowl was sort of the 
old lecherou~ uncle. The Garden 
State Bowl went belly-up about 
fou r years later. 

Now Cal s back m bowl com-
petition, and it ' s another new bowl 
- the Copper Bow\, And the op-
per Bowl i played in Tucson, 
Arizona. 

You know - Arizona. Land of 
Savings and Loan c.:andal , im-
peached governor, and bli tering 
heat. The tate with no official 
Martin Luther King, Ir. holiday. 

In the state 's general election 
earlier this month, Arizona voters 
turned down a propo ition that 
would have created a state holiday 
for Dr. King. It 's one of just a few 
state that doe n't have a Martin 
Luther King, Jr. h liday . 

A oon a the vote were 

rs 
counted, an uproar began. NFL 

ommi sioner Paul Tagliabue an-
nounced that the FL will move 
the 1993 Super Bowl out of the 
state. The primary Arizona bowl 
game, the Fiesta Bowl , found that 
the major colleges it was courting 
suddenly acceptedotherbow1 bids. 

And then there ' the opper 
Bowl. You 've got to figure thal 
Cal, having a surpri ingly good 
eason (it fini hed 6-4-1), didn ' t 

want to blow a rare chance at 
po tsea on play. So it took the 
Copper Bowl bid, in the midst of 
all thi controver y. 

A i often the case in Berkeley, 
protest erupted. La t Wedne day, 
demonstrators picketed outside 

CB's Univer ity Hall with signs 
reading "Say No to the opper 

See COPPER, Page 14 

of Don yes 
Team Captain Leigh Hsu tallied a goal VS. UCLA last Sunday. 

Ice Hockey Shuts Out UCLA 
The UCSD extmmural i hockey team defeated the L 

Bruins 6-0 last unday in fr nt of a cr wd f 400 P ople at the an 
Diego Spom Arena. In additi 11 t Hsu, f ur other Tritons tallied, 
as Dan Meade, Jim Mc Ie cI , and D 11 Hayes en h had n goal, and 
Tom ould nailed two. oalkecper Jim Mal~iewic.l recorded the 
shutout for D. 


