
INSIDE ... HIATUS SPORTS . 
UCSD Clips .......................... 2 
Opinion ................................. 4 
Features ............................. 13 
Sports ................................. 24 
Classifieds .......................... 32 

Diamonds 
Are Forever 
Artists, Writers on Baseball/H1 

Men's Soccer 
Ties Claremont 
Game Ends at 0-0/24 

University of California, 
San Diego 

The UCSD 
MONDAY 
September 24, 1990 
Vol. 71, No. 1 

Police Continue Search for Killer 
• Four college-age women in area have been murdered since January 
By Sherry Lowrance 
Staff Writer 

TIle murder of a Mesa College 
student and her mother 11 days ago 
in University City has caused police 
to step up their hunt for a man be-
lieved to have also killed three col-
lege-age women in Oairemont ear-
lier this year. 

Eighteen-year-oJd Amber Oark 
and her 42 year old mother, Pamela 
Oark, were found stabbed to death 
at their University City home on 
Honors Drive on Sept. 13. 

Police believe the killer may not 
have expected Pamela Oark to be 
home at the time of the murder. 

The similarities in the five mur-
ders lead police investigators to 
believe that all were committed by 
the 'same individual. All of the vic-
tims were young women with brown 
hair between the ages of 18 and 21 . 
Each was found with multiple stab 
wounds. 

Amber Clark strongly resembled 
an earlier victim, Janene Marie 
Weinhold, a 21-year-old UCSD 

student who was killed last Febru- the murderer canvassed areas by 
ary. distributing flyers . 

Earlier victims were Tiffany "We have, to date, in excess of 
PaigeSchultz,20,aSanDiegoSU\.te . 600leads .. . andsomeleadsarehotter 
student found dead in herOairemoot than others," Deputy Police Chief 
apartment on Jan. 12, and Holly Cal Krosch said. 
Suzanne Tarr, an 18-year-old high Homicide Captain Dick Toneck 
school student from Michigan said that the police do not have the 
stabbed to death on April 4 while name of the. suspect, but explained 
visiting her brother in Oairemont. that "it is possible that in the stack of 

Police are considering the possi- . 600 leads that the person's name 
bilitythatthemurdersareconnecied ' ~ay be in there." 
by San Diego Transit bus route five, .: Krosch said that the police are 
and are also investigating a-tip tha( '. See MURQERS, Page 9 

San Diego Police 
A police composite of the killer 

FINDING A WAY INTO CENTRAL LIBRARY EthnicStudi~s Department 
Approved by· UCRegents II) .~ o 

en 
c:: 
:i! 

! 
~ 
.., 

c:: 
" -a , .., 

.c' iii, g. , 
0 , 
.f , 

• Classes will be offered beginning Winter Quarter 
By Melinda Hamilton " [The d~~t) willnqt be 
Associate News Editor focused on a specific group," Gu-

The University of California . '"tierrez said . 
Board of Regents approved the for- . . Gutierrez said he hopes to even-
mation of an Ethnic Studies De- tually have. eight full-time faculty 
partment for the San Diego campus members in the department, which 
Friday morning in Los Angeles, currently has three. 
making San Diego the only other "We would like to hire two or 
UC campus besides Berkeley to have three more faculty members in the 
such a department. . next year," Gutierrez said, adding 

Ram6n Gutierrez, the Ethnic that one will probably be a specialist 
Studies Department chair, said that in Native American history and 
the department was approved too culture. 
late to offer classes this quarter, but "We are hoping in the next three 
some courses will be offered be- years after we develop a faculty [to 
ginning Winter Quarter. initiate a graduate department]," 

Gutierrez pointed out that a more Gutierrez said. He estimated that 
complete curriculum will be avail- the graduate program would start in 
able next fall, including the required 1993. 
three quarter lower-division se- TIle major requires a three quarter 
quence Ethnic Studies iA-B-C. lower-division sequence, Ethnic 

In addition to the increase in Stu~es lA-B-C, that will cover areas 
educational, registration, and out- such as population histories, immi-
of-state fees, the board voted to cre- gration, assimilation into American 
ate a $376 annual fee for all law and life, and race and ethnic relations. 
medical students. Students will also be required to 

The departtnent's aim, accord- take 12 upper-division classes: a 
ing to Gutierrez, will be to study and req uired course "The Theory and 
compare different ethnic groups, Method of Ethnic Studies," four 
encompassing all different cultures history and social studies classes, 
and cross-cultural ideas. Cultural three courses emphasizing language 
pluralism, the study of multiple eth- and ethnicity, three literature and 
nic group interaction, will also be cultural expressions courses, and 
emphasized for some of the one field methods course. 
departtnent's new classes. The field study course will send 

students out into the local commu-
nity to work ata health clinic orwith 
the border patrol, for example, then 
write a research paper on theproject. 

"[The field study is) something 
to take them out to local issues," 
Gutierrez said. 

In addition to the Ethnic Studies 
major, students may minor in Eth-
nic Studies. The minor requires six 
upper-division classes from the de-
partment, including the required 
course and the field methods course. 

The offices for the new depart-
ment are located on the fourth floor 
of the new Literature building on 
the Warren campus. next to the new 
Warren Lecture Hall. 

Regents Approve 100/0 Tuition Hike For Students 
By Juon Snell 
News Editor 

In its meeting on Friday at Ua..A, 
the University of California Board 
of Regents voted to inc!'f'..ase both 
student fees and out-of-state tuition 
by ten percent, and approved a new 
fce for all law and medical students 
in the UC system. 

The 10 percent rise in under-
graduate and graduate fees will in-
crease the 1990-91 base f~ by $148 

per year, from $1,476 to $1,624. UCSDstudentsinareferendumlast 
Students who are not residents of year. 
Califomia will see an increase of In addition to the increase in 
10.6 percent in their out-of-state educational, registration, and out-
tuition, and will have to pay $6,416 of-state fees, the board voted to cre-

. per year, up from $5,799, in addition atea$376annualfeeforalllawand 
to educational and registration fees. medical students. 

On top of these system-wide fees, The fce increases are a result of 
eachcampuschargesmisceUaneous this summer's budget crisis, ac-
fees, such as UCSD's University cording to Michael Alva, a repre-
Center fee and the upcoming sentative from the office of UC 
RIMAC facility fee approved by President David Gardner. 

According to Alva, the fee in-
creases will produce an additional 
$18 million for the university. 

Pam Derby, arepresentative from 
the University ofCalifomia Student 
Association (UCSA), said that the 
student lobbying group was pleased 
after hearing about the registration 
and educational fee increase. 

"Ten percent is a relief to us," she 
said. "It was possible that the re-
gents could have raised the fees 

even more than that." 
Derby said that while the state 

legislature and the governor had 
recommended only a ten percent 
increase, the regents do not have to 
follow that recommendation . 

"The long-term student fee policy 
that used to regulate fee increases 
has [expired], but the regents chose 
to follow that policy anyway," she 
said. 

See FEES, Page 21 



2 NEWS 

UCSD 
ClJPS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 

Campus Mail System Changes 
Address and Zip Code Formats 

The new school year at UCSD has brought changes to 
the on-campus mail system and to every on-campus 
mailing address. 

BegiMing this year, all on-<:ampus addresses will 
contain a street address, 9500 Gilman Drive for campus 
offices and 9450 Gilman Drive for students living on-
campus. In addition, student addresses use the new zip 
code 92092, created JUSt for students. 

"Theold zip code [92037] caused mail to get mixed up 
with mail for La Jolla residents. The new zip code will 
expedite the speed of the mail," Mail Services Manager 
Pat Procopio said. 

In addition to the new zip code and sfreetaddresses, all 
UCSD zip codes will be in the ZIP+4 format. According 
to Richard D. Scharff, UCSD Materiel Manager. the new 
fonnat will increase the speed at which mail is delivered. 
The four additional digits correspond to either the campus 
mail code or post office box number of the addressee. 

"Because we had to fit the four-digit fonnat, we had to 
change some on-campus box numbers. Any address that 
used to be a bin number, or was three or five digits long, 
has been changed," Procopio said. 

He added that students can continue using previous 
methods for addressing packages from carriers otber than 
the U.S. Mail, such as Federal Express and United Parcel 
Service. 

"Hopefully those carriers will be trained to read the box 
number on the mail and take it to the corresponding mail 
site," Procopio said. 

UCSD Professor's Work Will Be 
Featured in Grove Gallery exhibit 

UCSD Professor Faith Ringgold's artwork will be 
exhibited in the Grove Gallery from now through Nov. 10. 

'The exhibition, titled "Celebrating Cultural Diversity 
in the American Theater," is being held at UCSD concur-
rently with Third College's 25th Anniversary ar1d a con-
ference on Cultural Diven;ity in the Arts Nov. 9-11. 

Calvin and Hobbes 
!:lOKT 1~ TO 
CoN t-\¥ 
M5WE S 

1>\15 TIME 
CAL IN OR 
I'lL 'IT.LL 

MI\N ml') IS GOIKG \0 BE 
GREAT.' t-lCl1 ol'\\..'<. A.M. I: 
GOING 10 />'c£ M') QUI1. , 
&Jr 1'111 GOING 1\) WIN '" 
OUMl.1't.1/. fRRM ~'IJS\E "'\-lEt{ 
r GEl '" ~~. SCORE 

TW-N '5\{£ 00105 ' 

I/~ 

iLL B£1 ,<OU 
ZS cEN15 1 
GET />. \'\IG\\£R 

GRA . 

I'\QS, I'Rolhl.M 
15 «, + 5 ()\.\ , EP-S,(! ""E 

I\t'I'SWER I'; .. UM .. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Ringgold draw moments of Black American history 
and mythology, music, literature, and her own personal 
narrative, capturing them in painted fabric quilts and soft 
sculpture. A perfonnance artist, she often aUgJuents her 
exhibitions with tongue-in-cheek deliveries about the sub-
ject matter of her art. 

TIle e).hibition will include Tar Beach 2, described by 
Ringgold 's agent as a collection of "women of the night, 
outrageously dressed, with purple hair." 

Also included will be fiberwork dolls, including the 
"Caner Family." Amy. Jimmy, and Rosalynn. 

The Grove Gallery i~ open Tuesday wough Friday 
from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., and from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on 
Saturday. 

Hispanic-American Theater Head 
Given 'Golden Eagle' Award 

Jorge Huerta, head of UCSD's Hispanic-American 
Theater Program, has been awarded a special tribute award 
by the Nosotros organization in Los Angeles. 

The presentation of the award was made during the 20th 
annual Golden Eagle A wards, held in Beverly Hills. The 
two-hourceremony will be televised Wednesday onKITY, 
channel 69. 

Huerta recently wound up a seven-<:ity European sum-
mer tour with members of his UCSD program. 

Other celebrities winning N050troS "Golden Eagle" 
A wards include Cesar Chavez, Gloria Estefan, Raul Julia, 
Jose Luis Valenzuela, and Carmen Zapata. 

Two Graduate Students Awarded 
Fellowships for Global Research 

UCSD graduate students William E. Bruvold and 
StephenSaideman have been awarded international fellow-
ships for the 1990-91 academicyearfrom the UC's Institute 
on Global Conflict and Cooperation (IGCC). IGCC isa UC 
multi-campus research unit whose purpose is to study the 
causes of international conflict and the modes of its attenu-
ation. 

Bruvold, a political science graduatesrudent, will use his 
fellowship to research in England on the topic "Domestic 
Roots ofIntemational Cooperation: Anglo-Soviet Relations 
in 1924." 

Saideman. also a political science graduate student, used 
his fellowship this summer to examine data on arms trans-
actions at the Stoclcbolm International Peace Research 
Institute in Stockholm, Sweden. 

The lace program provides a stipend for up to three 
months of study abroad, plus travel expenses, and is sup-
ported by the UC Regents, the State of California, and the 
John D. and ~atherine T. MacArthur Foundation. 

by Bill Watterson 

A SMI'IlL RED 
SPp-c.E.CAAFT" 

BREAKS 1\\R.OOG1\ 
1\1£ CLOOP «(W(R 
cr ""~<;n:.RIO 
mruol P\..,i\NE" ! 

AI 1\lE COtHi<Ol.S , ITS PILOf\KG O'iER 1\1£ QU rz . 
~t. 01).\ER 1\\p..N. R. l\>[ L£'5"> 'NoRLD. "E 1. G' 5'_ 
Ft"'RLESS "£RO, REfL£CI'S QI'lI-lIS 
SPP-CE.M"~ splfL' \Jf'tUS\J /l.L 11,1'5')100 .. 

, .. \I) SCM£"CYN CRl6tl 
I'l.'NETS co A~D 5 

TOG£nlER! 

September 24, 1990 

UCSD and Supercomputer Center 
Gain Speedy Parallel Computer 

One of a new generation of parallel computers, ca-
pable of approaching the perfonnance of the most pow-
erful supercomputer, has been acquired by UCSD and the 
San Diego Supercomputer Center (SDSC) from Intel 
Scientific Computers. 

The parallel machine, capable of performing a single 
computing task by dividing the problem among many 
processors, can calculate about 2 billion operations per 
second. 

By comparison, the most powerful supercomputer 
available today - the Cray Y-MP8/864 - has a peak 
:.peed of 2.6 billion operations per second. The new Intel 
computer is the result of a project that is anempting to 
build a machine with speeds of t 50 billion operations per 
second by 1992. 

According to supercomputer officials, the only prob-
lem with using parallel computers is that they are difficult 
to program and use. 

''TI1e challenge is how to make [the parallel comput-
en;] usable," said Wayne Pfeiffer, deputy director for 
research as SDSC. "It is a software challenge." 

Scripps Aquarium Seeks Student 
Volunteers to Work With Children 

VolunteerS are needed at Scripps Aquarium-Museum 
to assist with education programs and tours for school-
aged children. Special training classes will be held on 
Mondays from 9 a.m. to noon, Oct. 1 to Dec. 3. 

Scripps Aquarium-Museum assistants help aquarium 
staff with school groups visiting the facility and the new 
Discovery Lab. The training class includes an introduc-
tion to oceanography. fish, invertebrates, marine habitats. 
and UCSD's Scripps Institution of Oceanography's re-
search projects. Training includes classroom lectures, 
laboratory work. and field trips. 

Volunteers with a strong interest in the oceans, sci-
ence,orteachingareespeciallyencouragedtopllrticipate. 
For more infonnation, contact 534-4087 or 534-6295. 

GuKkllIAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, IIanIIgIng Editor 

BEN BOYCHUK, OpInion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, 411OC18te Sports Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Sports Editor 
JAMES COLUER, DesIgn EdItor 
REBEKAH DENN, Aaocillte News Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MEUNDA HAMILTON, AaocIBte News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, Assoctsle News Editor 
LARA HEISlER, 4ssodate Arts Editor 
atRISllNA HUIZAR, .u.oc.... Arts Editor 
PETER KO, A-*"t Sports Editor 
JEJtNFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, A • .".,. Copy Editor 
LENO LOti, Aml£nlillnlllnmlnt Editor 
MEL MARCElO, AIIOdaIt Gr/JpIIb Editor 
SAHGEETA IEHTA, AaocIat.,...... Editor 
BAlAN MORAIS, 4uoc:Ut1e Photo EdItor 
JULIE PUZON, FMIurN Editor 
JEFF QUAN, ~ EdItor 
JASON SNELL, ,.".. Editor 
AMAS UZGIIS, PhD«I EdIIor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCfI, A., .... FMuw EdItor 
JEN'IFER YAHCEY, ~,EdItar 

BOB DeANDREA, IJu8IneN "-Mg« 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AdwrtIUIg lIMa»., 
MIKE MARTINEZ, A~lng DNlgMr 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CIaaIfIed R.,....n,.,,,,-
................... : OougShDlt 

~ ...... : lIWoe -.gIt. DIniOI CoM, _ MoIoudI. Poo4o VIIIdoId 
CftuIIItIn: KIll S. Wq, Jot Leo 

7IIIUCSD_II"'*'"" .......... -""""''''''cIIIIlg''_,...by''' tor"_alUC$O.~aI .. _n,"""""_n_ .. n",,,,_ 
~1I"'~C,.a,"""_7IIIUC$O~IIOI __ Ior" 
_al ____ .. 1Il Tho ___ nQtllll1iOlInill9*l_"_ 
Cb IlOl ~ ....-...... aI 7IIIUCSD ~ tolinllMlr aI CIIIomIo. 0< to 
__ alUC$O. _.1I1o,,-,KMW? 

EcIIariaI: 53W5IO, ....... 0IIicic 534-3466, fax: 534-769t 
UCSD Guarclion, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

September 24,1990 

Regents Vote to Continue 
Managing Nuclear Labs 
By Rebekah Denn 
Associate News Editor 

De~pite system-wide opposition 
from all UC faculty and mo t UC 
students, the University of Califor-
nia Board of Regents voted last Fri-
day to negotiate a renewal of the 
University of California's contract 
to manage three national laborato-
ries, including two nuclear weapons 
research labs. 

The UC has managed the labora-
tories for over forty years under 
contract from the U.S. Department 
of Energy (DOE) and is obligated to 
renegotiate the contracts every five 
years. 

UC President David P. Gardner 
recommended that the regents re-
new the contract. He suggested that 
with the Cold War at an end, the 
focus of the laboratories research 
could change. 

"It would be particularly ironic 
to relinquish the university 's man-
agement responsibilities at the very 
time we are able to bring the full 
benefit of the university's ability to 
bear on the range of new programs 
and research initiatives that will be 
developing," he said. 

Gardner said his recommenda-
tion was based on arguments con-
tained in a recent report by the Sci-
entific and Academic Advisory 
Committee (SAAC), established by 
the UC in 1971 to advise the regents 
and the UC president on the labora-
tories. 

Earlier this year, the Academic 
Senate's Jendresen Committee, a 

the regents 

specifically to que tion their in-
vol vement in the laboratories, voted 
6-2 to phase out the UC's manage-
ment position. Eligible faculty 
members then voted on the 
committee'sdecision; 43 percent of 
the faculty voted, with 64 percent 
approval. The University of Cali-
fornia Student Association, the of-
ficial statewide association of the 
18 UC student govemments, vigor-
ously supported the committee's 
decision. 

The Jendresen Committee had 
several reasons for the recommen-
dation, according to committee 
member Karl Hufbauer, a history 
professor at UC Irvine. 

Since the Los Alamos and 
Livermore laboratories conduct re-
earch and development of nuclear 

weapons, 25 percent of which is 
classified and 55-75 percent of 
which is conducted in secure facili-
ties, the committee agreed that the 
labs could not operate }Vith the 
freedom of expression appropriate 
for the UC, explained Hufbauer. 

Hufbauer said that the labs cause 
difficulties for the university be-
cause nuclear development is acon-
troversial issue, and "the kind of 
work a university doesn't tradition-
ally get involved in." 

The university operates the labs 
as a public service, Hufbauer ex-
plained. but "people must ask 
themselves - does improving 
America's nuclear weapons con-
tribute to the nation's well-
being? ... 'There iscontroven;y about 

See LABS, Page 20 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Man Found Guilty in Rape 
of UCSD, SDSU Students 
By Kent Korzon 
Senior Sla" Writer 

Almost one year after two 
UCSD and SDSU freshmen were 
sexually assaulted, a jury has 
found an El Cajon man guilty of 
the crimes. 

David Miller, 23, was found 
guiltyoftwocountsofkidnapping, 
two counts of forced oral copu-
lation, two counts of rape with a 
foreign object, and one count of 
sexual battery. He will be sen-
tenced on October 11. 

The jury deliberated for only 
four hours before returning the 
verdict. 

David Lattuca, a San Diego 
County assistant district attorney, 
said that Miller is facing up to 44 
years in prison. Lanuca feels that 
while Miller may not receive the 
fuIlsentence. "he's going to spend 
a lot of time in jail." 

This case began at 2 a.m. on 
Oct. 15, 1989, when Millercalled 
a UCSD residence baI1 room and 
over the course of two bours, c0-
erced a UCSD student into driv. 
ing downtowntomeethim.Miller 
first asked her: about ber room-
mate, then about berself. 

When she tried to hang up. 
Miller threatened to send friends 
of his to rape berroommate, then 
threatened to find and hun mem-
bers ofher family unless she met 
him in dOwntown San Diego. 

SDSU Dally Aztec File 
David Miller with his attorney, Terry Zimmerman. 

Miller met her at a parking lot 
and forced her to perform sexual 
acts until he let her go at 7 a.m., 
when she drove back to her resi-
dencehallandreportedtheassault 
to police. 

On Nov. I 5,aSDSU freshman 
was called by Miller. He said he 
"was looking for people con-
nected with drugs" and told her 
that her roommate might be such 
a person. she testified. 

Miller told her he bad a pic-
ture of the girl he was looking for 
and threatened to send men over 
to gang-rape her roorrunate and 
"cut her into 50 pieces" unless 
she cooperated with him. After 
talking with him for 15 minutes, 

she drove to meet him on Orange 
Avenue, in San Diego. 

She said she sat in her car with 
the engine on and the windows 
c\osed and doors locked. planning 
to give Miller an envelope with a 
picture of her roommate in it, so 
he could compare it with the 
picture he had. 

Instead, he convinced her to 
let him into the car. He had her 
drive to an automated teller, a 
market, then to an isolated area, 
where he told her to "make him 
feel good." 

"I felt very threatened ... I was 
scared for my life, and I just felt 
the only thing to do was to co-

See RAPIST, Page 19 

• ••••••••••••••••••• 
: UCSD SPECIAL! 
I 

As usual 

!i ,...gNU' RfUVI'T 
f fO y9IMD9Otl H_'" 
· M.Th Ilom·Mid. 
~ . ,.Sat. lIom·l-

". .. a warm, party 
atmosphere ... for -- _ . 

serious pizza eaters .. , " /'3Pcs~ 
Jack Whlte, Channel 10 ~ f '~. I 

restaurant critic ~'II('~IJ _ -.J 
~rla 

Tired of the same 0/' cardboard pizza? ) Sun. 11 :3OaIII-Mid 
L " - Call BJ's for gourmet quality. 
• r-----------r----------" 

! : 'I!!wc:! : '2!!.~!! : 
• I I'k«<e prr:selll COI/[Xm. u</xm ordcrltlg. I P/eose present coupon wharf ordemrg. I 
• L __ !U'S Pizzeria, LaJoUa ___ L __ BJ'S Pizzeria, LaJO~ _ .J 

• • 8873 Villa LaJolla Dr. Lfl jolla Village Center 455· 0 6 6 2 
• UC D's Origma! Pizzeria is stililbe besti . • 

EYpires l(J/15190 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN, Editor in ChIef 
ROBIN MAC LEA • Managing Editor 
JASON SNELL, News Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Editor 

The UCSD Guardian IS pubhihcd three umes I ",'edt al the Univcnit)' of California. San Diego. 
Con1entS C I990. Vle,,"SeJ(~ he~1n ~presenllhe majority ~eoflhe edhXll1 board. and are no( 
nooessarily those of the UC Board or Regents. the ASUCSD, not the enure GIMJI'diOll staff. 

SAN DIEGO POLICE SHOOtiNGS 

Excessive Use of Force? 
It seems that it just is not safe anymore to en ounter the San 

Diego Police Department. The recent rash of fatal shootings has 
mosl certainly raised doubt and a1ann in the minds of even the 
most law-abiding citizens. What constitutes justified use of 
deadly force? What other options do police have in dealing with 
a hostile suspect? 

If the subject wasn' t so serious the circumstances behind 
some of the more notorious shootings would almost be laugh-
able. Police shot and killed one man wielding a cement trowel, 
another who charged officers with a garden stake, and another 
who disarmed an officer of his nunchukus. 

More frightening, though, was the shooting of a man by San 
Diego sheriffs when he backed his truck into their patrol car. The 
sheriff's deputies suspected the man of driving a stolen vehicle, 
and followed him for several blocks. He struck the patrol car 
when he backed his car up to a house where a friend lived. The 
man got out of his truck to see what he struck, only to be struck 
hirnselfby at least two bullets in his head. The deputies thought 
the man had a gun, but he was unarmed. His truck was not stolen. 
He was innocent. He lay handcuffed in the street - dead - for 
five hours. 

The San Diego police are unholstering their pistols far too 
often. Granted, police work is neither easy nor safe. San Diego 
is not crime-free-but it is nothing like the mean streets of Los 
Angeles. You don't hear about too many shootings of citizens 
with trowels or the like in that city, probably because the LAPD 
places heavy emphasis on the concept of escalation of force. That 
simply means that deadly force may only be used after all other 
options have been exhausted. 

Did San Diego police exhaust all of their options? Consider 
this: the lunatic with the cement trowel was outnumbered by 
police at least four-to-one. The man had injured one officer with 
the trowel, but a trowel is not an exceptionally deadly weapon. 
Four officers, armed with nightsticks, should have been able to 
subdue Lie man. Instead, some officer decided to subdue him 
permanently. 

It is clear from the num beroffatal shootings- nine so far this 
year - that the police department must explore alternative 
methods of suspect neutralization, no matter what the expense. 
The taser has proven to be effective with other law enforcernem 
agencies, and rubber bullets should also be kept in consideration. 

Police work is dangerous, and there are certainly some 
cicumstances where deadly force is the only option. But if the 
current trend continues, we may soon read about the police 
shooting someone for pointing a finger in a threatening manner. 

Sound ridiculous? So does shooting a man with a garden 
stake. 

The police are too hair-trigger. Police policy must be revised 
and other means of pacification must be implemented. 

CAMPUS SAFETY 

Gainesville Is Everywhere 
Earlier this month, Gainesville, Florida was wracked with 

panic. Five University of Florida students were brutally 
murdered in quick succession. Two weeks ago, the so-called 
"Clai remont Killer" struck again,this time in University City, 
stabbing a mother and her daughterto death in their home. The 
killings bring the death toll to five. 

The interesting thing about the Clairemont case is that the 
killer seems attack college-age women. One of the victims, 
Janene Marie Weinhold, was a UCSD student. 

Even the tranquility of UCSD and the relatively low rate of 
violent crime on campus is no reason to feel secure. The 
Clairemont Killer struck his victims at home during the day, 
entering through unlocked doors. What' 5 to SLOp anyone from 
entering anyplace - even a donn or on-campus apartment -
if a person really wanted to. 

Students aren't safe anywhere. Lock your doors, call a 
CSO, watch your back, and don 't walk alone at night. In other 
words, use common ense. 

The UCSD Guardian 

• American i_tV 
Arab-Israeli vOiru 
8y Jorge RollI .... 

Monday, September 24, 1990 

COMMENTARY 

...... ~ach: 
NA\II1tS Coverage" of the < 

CUlD'''.U Tell the Whole Story 
;~ >~;f'\Jt;' 

rcalb;e is that they are only getting part Qf 

trip to the ~East, I did.a rt' 
IIJl(KJIlt of research on the contlP ... 

territories. Whall found made me " 
. Jlunc::riC11D ~ I found that a ' 

footage seen on CNN is often •. 
iJOUlge. somatmaes up to two y~ 

IBVayS shows US a Palestinian being 
and we think to ourselves, 

........... ,." Yes, a poor innocent man 
to outrun Israeli soldiers after 

cocktail 
YQu often see women and 

.1iI~Itj"jiRJam:d is because after the men 
~.~~~ ... ICOV cocktails, or sometimes 

iXCII_ent, they force a group of 
~I~ run across the street to act as 

cover the flight of the assail-
..us advantage of the fact that 

rdiI"':illftl under orders not to harm 

soldier I interviewed explained, 
1=~=:~stnc:' ~t orders not to engage in any 
81 with demonstrators ... unless 

in immediate danger. When [the 
have women and children running 

between their rocks, cocktails, 
IiJpne ... someone is going to get hun. 

it's usually kids and women." 
-.rtiC8l1 news correspondent who now 

_ ........ Israeli media said that on several 
_,.:-1- be' d be covering a demonstration, 
Mit .... uaI to "see Israeli soldiers standing 
enNJlld amidst rocks and shoving by the 

See BEACH, Page 8 

Monday, September 24, 1990 T he UCSD Guardian 

Parents: Understanding an 'Enigma 
By Phil Gruen, Editor·in·Chief 

I used to resent my parents 
when I was in high school. I mean 
I really, really resented them. 
Everything they did annoyed me 
- and it seemed as if everything 
they did was set up intentionally 
to annoy me. 

I hated the way my mom 
would constantly make use of 
sweeping generalizations to sum 
up my entire existence: "You 
never do anything to help around 
here," "You cause me nothing but 
trouble," "All you ever do is sit 
around and watch TV." 

I hated the way my dad had to 
eat his fruit salad and yogU! t 
lunches in those loud tin bowls. 

I despised the sound of my 
mom's heels as she walked on the 
wood floor upstairs anytime she 
was preparing to go out for the 

CLOSE·UP 

on the vacations anyway - why 
waste time dealing with them 
when I was enjoying time without 
them looking over my shoulder? 
But of course, there was the 
occasional phone call. 

Hello? 
Oh,hi mom. 
Everything's fine. 
Yeah - I'm having lots offun. 
Yeah, I've been eating fme. 

The food is great (I was lying.) 
Hi, dad. (My dad picks up the 

, , Even though parental contact while I was at 
school in my first couple of years was virtually 
limited to the occasional phone call and the 
infrequent letter, I still felt that the presence of 
my parents was always surrounding me, func-
tioning primarily to make my life a living Hell." 

evening. The purple San Fnm-
cisco Opera apron my dad would 
wear when he was cooking d.imer 
really aggravated me. The sound 
of my mom's voice in the 
morning when she would try and 
wake me up drove me crazy. I 
really hated the way they would 
always ask me where I was going, 
who I was going out with, and 
when I would be back anytime I 
decided to set foot out the front 
door. 

And I rea1ly resented the fact 
that they didn't let me get my 
driver's license until I was 17 
years old. 

I was in high school then, 
when I thought I was much too 
impottant I had things to do, 
places to go, people to impress -
my parents only got in the way. 

1be first couple of years of 
college, my outlook on my parents 
didn't change all that much - but 
being 500 miles away I didn't 
have to deal with them all that 
frequently. Besides, I was too 
busy trying to make myself 
socially important in the dorms -
too busy with friends and too busy 
drinking. I would see my parents 

SPring Ouarter Special 

Self Serve 
Macintosh 

Computers· 
$5.00 per hour 

25¢ laser Prints 
·wlth your student I.D. 
Offer good through 10/9190 

4150 Regents Park Row 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

457-1007 

other line). 
My classes are going well. (I 

hated them). 
I'm doing pretty well in all of 

them, in fact. (yeah, sure). 
aut the call wouldn't rea1ly 

amount to much more than that 
Besides, I had sane important 
partying to do. 

Even though parental contact 
while I was at school in my first 
couple of years was vinuaUy 
limited to the occasional phone 
call and the infrequent letter (from 
them, of course), I still felt that the 
presence of my parents was 
always surrounding me, function-
ing primarily to make my life a 
living Hell .. When I returned 
home for the vacations, it was 
back to the same; Do the dishes. 
Take out the garbage. Turn off 
thai noise - you call that music? 

Last December, my parents 
went to Italy. They were there for 
six months. Contacting them was 
difficult - if not downright 
impossible. The mail was weeks 
late, and with the nine hour time 
difference, neither of us seemed to 
be around when phone calls were 
put through. They left 10 England 

DRAGO 

in May, ahd stayed there until 
mid-August. They flew me out to 
visit them for two weeks when 
school ended in June. 

My two short weeks with my 
parents in London made up a great 
vacation - we managed to hit 
just about everything. While I was 
there, they gave me a blown up 
photograph of themselves when 
they were in Venice. They 
suggested I get it framed and hang 
it up. I thought about it, then put it 
in the comer of my apartment 
when I returned. It sat around all 
summer, unframed, untouched. 

But while the two weeks went 
by quickly, a certain part of me 
was still looking forward to 
returning to San Diego for the 
summer - I had a job lined up, 
most of my friends were going to 
be around, and I was planning to 
spend plenty of time on the beach. 

But the job fell through, and I 
found myself with far more time 
on my hands than I was accus-
tomed to handling. Even though I 
occupied much of my time with 
friends, I realized that two of my 
best friends - my parents -
weren't around I began to think 
about all they had done for me, 
and bow much I enjoyed spending 
time with them. 

My parents returned from 
England in mid-August They 
flew me home for one week in the 
beginning of September. It was 
just as I expected. They hadn't 
changed a bit But I had. 

There was dad, cooking with 
his San Francisco Opera apron on 
and eating his fruit salad and 
yogurt in that loud, tin cannister. 

There was my mom, still 
making sweeping generalizations 
without thinking and the sound of 
her voice waking me up in the 
morning. 

And there they both were, 
asking me where I was going, and 
when I was getting back. 

But none of these things 
bothered me anymore. I had a 
great week at home, and I 
appreciated every minute of it. 

I don't get to see my parents as 
much these days - school keeps 
me busy, and there are some 
vacations when I can't even find 
the time to visit. Yet, I feel much 
'closer to them now than I did in 
the past 'That one week at home 
earlier this month was probably 
the highlight of the sununer. 

And now I think I'm going to 
go and get that picture framed. 

HOUSE 

YE S 
A. H~,AD 

IlAiRCUTS 
by Mark 
Women $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg. $J9) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Perm &: Haircut $50 
or Highlight &: Haircut 

OPINION 5 

For appointment, please call 457-2930. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Ste. 2120 

Great For Lunchl 
A CUP-FUL A DAY 

KEEPS THE INCHES AWAY 
Huroy lor aomelt*lg other 1hon salad fOf 
lUnch? SomeIt*lg thoI's ~ and law In 
calortet? Try l'OIai', '-'IbgurI. 
Nalufollngredlents meon PoI6r's tastes 
better. and Ifs os IttIe os 15 coIoIte! 00 
ounce. 
" comes In o"'l lIovof you coo 1mogIne-
six selectionl werv dov. 

-.;::==~ 
~~~~ 

••••• • •••••••••••••••••• : 2 1 Buy any smaI, medium Of large D'" .' : : for =:r:er~=. of . : 
• I.bid wtth artV other cAler. ToppingI noIlnduded. .....;: 
• La.lola Colony 7770 Regentl Rd .. #108 (In the IJoN SIlOppIng Center) 11.10:30SU\.·1!u1" • 
• one COI.IpOn per 0JII0rTW. ElcpNIl0/l~ l1-1 1Fri . • sat. • ~ .................................. . 

UCSD FITNESS 

20 P •• MONrH 
on a monthly basis 

AEROBICS 
NAunlUS·HOtST 
FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 

STAJRMASTER 
UFE CYCLES 
CHILD CARE 

3 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

•• 'NG-"r® 
3968 Clairemant Mesa Blvd. 

Clairemont Squortl shopping CenIw near Lee Words·Behind Famous Footwear 
483-9294 

AI.o in spsu area 698-1702. ~t Ihis ad and I.D. 
$25.00 Initiation F. 

tlfaLe t(o(q- OOf 
Taste the DRAGON BUFFET 
LUNCH BUFFET $3.99 DINNER BUFFET $4.99 
serPe. "iJ,11:30 4.m.-3 p.m. serPe. " iJ, 3:15-9 p.m. 
You.are invited to try the "Original" Chinese Buffet, All You 
Can Eat, featuring a unique sc:1ection of popular and authentic 
Cantonese and Szechwan dishes. Our daily rotating buffet 
courses, always freshly prepared, inclu'de pepper steak, mixed 
seafood, kung pao chicken, sweet & sour pork, almond chicken, 
egg roll, chow mein, broccoli beef and more. 

Pacific Beach 
2262 GtJrnet, 
om block Illest of I-5 
272-8788 

San Diego 
422940th St. 
281 -8248 

r-~-----------------I WE'COM£ BACK UCSD ft A iIa 
I Entire Lunch or Dinner Buffet on! 7JII' 7JII' • 

On. , •• ,. .. p<r 'out .... " F.<p"es 10/ 15:90. 



6 OPINION 

La Jolla s 
BEST KEPT SECRET! 

Come by for brealifast, luncb, or dinner! 

• Overlooking Torrey Pines Golf Course 
and the Pacific Ocean 

• Beautiful outdoor dining 
• A wide variety of nutritious yet tasty cuisine 
• AII-you<an-Nt salad bar 

HOURS OF 0PERAJl0H 
1Ioft.·11IIn. l .... r 

FfIdIIr .... • FriIIayI ........ - .-.. ...... _,....,.,..., 

Choices In the 

• Dell sandwiches, fresh fish 
and chicken entrees, and more ... 

r····-----····_·_· 
I 

Enjoy yoII' 2OIJI.1WInI cIIIcowt 
•• UCSOI.D. a. __________ • ____ _ 

==-S::~:North~orr: Pines RoId Call554-FOOD 

XEROX COPIES 

• Self service copiers . Volume discounts . Professors notes 

• Copies while you wait . Book binding 

HOURS: M F 830 a III G p 111 • Sdt 1.0) IJ 1'1 

3211 Holiday Court, La Joll a 
Next to Domino's P izza 452·9949 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, September 24, 1990 

COMMENTARY 

Destruction for Dollars ... 
• Current Logging Practices Are Ecologically Unsound 
By AUm Levy, Contributing Opinion WrifW 

Few associate Michael MiIken, the junk bond 
king who epitomized the ped of the '80s, with the 
great California redwoods. Their relationship, 
unfortunately, is an intimlte one beause Milken 
eruiched himself substantially by using the red· 
woods IS a "ordinary OOUDllOdity." 

In 1986, Milken helped set up a deal which 
enabled Maxxam, Inc. to aqcuire Pacific Lumber 
and nearly half of all priV1fe1y owned old-growth 
redwoods with $750 millim in junk bonds. Since 
1986, the Pacific Lwnber CoqIany hu SlJOCeded in 
cutting down the mlwoods ~ as fat as ~ in 
order, many suggest, to pay bKk the money CXl 
borTOwedjwk bonds. TmgicalIy, as a result oll3O 
years of lumbering. 9S percent of all giant 00MIal 
redwoods, some • much IS 1000 yea'S old, ba~ 
been dcc:iJMIed And tbe process continues. 

The Spotted Owl is another casualty of un-
abashed ecollomic intaat IDd remains poW'Clllela 
against the razor-sbarp blades !bat obliIa'IIe iIs 
homeland in the Pacific NOI1hwest. The owl bu 
become tbe symbol. of scores of anUnals that ~ 
endangered as long as the present ecological 
plwnmage of clear-QItting and other environmen-
tally unsound practices in our forests 8Ie allowed to 
continue. 

"In George Bush, you will have Ii president who 
is committed to conservation," said Bush during his 
1988 presidential campaign. He even took time off 
during his busy schedule to use the Scripps Institute 
of Oceanography and the Pacific Ocean as a 
backdrop to emphasize his point. 

His actions fall far short from his rhetoric when 
one looks at his decision this swnmer to delay the 
enforcement of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 
which requires that govemment action be taken to 

protect wildlife when a species is classified IS 
endangered.The Spotted Owl, which has been 
declarM endangered. must be protected and given 
sanctuary under federal law. 

Most ~tly, according to the Los Angeles Times, 
Bush has poposed to limit the timber harvest to 3.S 1 
bi1lim feet per year, down from the more thah 4 
bi1lim in the SO's. This, however, falls far short fnm 
the 2.6 billion feet limit that scientific expeI1S say is 
tbe minimum necess8f')' to protect the owl. In 
addition, be is liking Conpss to give tbe lumber 
industry waivers 01', as Bush tenDed it. "insulatioo" 
IbM would procect the timber industry from • pocenri.1 
lepI"Iogjam" IS a result of violalina ocher enViron-
meaW proIeClion laws. 

This decision is • compromiac: that offers lillie 
fortbsiJM in solviq the problem of our dwindlina 
foresta. The time is now to come up with. COIJIIX&' 
beasive ItndeJY 10 that future 8eneallions can 
<n1rinue 10 enjoy tbe existing redwoods, praerve old 
growth bats II1d the wildlife that goes aloni wilb 
Ibem. 

A ballot initiative in upcoming November election, 
popularly known 8J "Big Green. " will take steps to 
protect, IIIllOIlg other things, the old growth redwoods. 

The crux of the problem is economic. Protectim of 
our wilderness does not add to GNP, which is the 
measure of American success and will win Bush's bid 
for re~lcction. This fonnula for success is fundamen-
tally flawed, however, because it places no inherelll 
value in wilderness that is left undisturbed as an 
equally important component of national wealth. 

This country has been founded on the exploitation 
ofland. The big question for the '90s is to what 
degree we can continue this coun;e and how many 
species of animals we ' re willing to see extinct before 
we change our attitudes. 

675-8 N. Broadway 
Escondido, CA 9202S 

country Comer ShoppIng Cent ... 
Broadway I Washington 

(619)745-5660 
442A Balboa Ave. 

San D., CA 92117 
comer fit IaIboa • CIanmont Dr. 

-tMxt to Luelcy Market· (619)483-4853 

Auto and Motorcycle 
Insurance 

Monthly' pay available 

L cal 
800-457 -1234 

Paul Sirkin Insurance 

Monday, September 24, 1990 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Experience Is a Liability' 
Editor: 

Jt is nice tp believe the University of California will serve the best 
interests of its students and the people of the state of California. 
Unfortunately, this is not alway true, as I have recently learned. These 
j nterests are subservient to bureaucratic rules conceming student support 
and the choice of instructors, where experience and loyalty do not count. 

I have been involved with the university for many years, first as an 
undergraduate student and reader (grader) at the Santa Cruz campus, as 
a' graduate student and T A at Santa Cruz, and most recently as a graduate 
student, T A, and instructor at Davis. 

I received an award from the Economics Department at Davis for 
"Distinguished Perfonnance as Teaching Assistant, 1988," and have 
lIerved on advisory committees including the Teaching Assistant Grant 
Proposa1 Committee, and the OlanceDor' s Teaching Fellowship Advisory 
Committee. 

I have been a group leader at the Davis campus Teaching Resources 
Center Teaching Assistant Train ing Program several times. I am pleased 
and proud to have been involved in the education of over 2000 students 
at two campuses. I was sad to learn that ] will longer be eligible to serve 
in any academic capacity at any UC campus until the completion of my 
doctorate. 

The UC is a large, bureaucratic institution. University policy tates 
thatan individual cannot receive more than 12 quarters (or fQuryears-
excluding summer sessions) of support. Ex.emptions may be granted for 
an additional three quarters (or one year), although exemptions may not 
be granted exclusively for reasons of support, that is, to provide income. 
Ba ed on this policy, the administration at UC Davis recently overruled 
my department's offer of enployment. 

Until August 16, I had been scheduled to be the instructor for 
Principles oj Accounting, the introductory accounting class, for the 
1990·91 academic year at Davis. When my number of quarters of 
support was computed, my experiences counted against me. 

My work at summer school was computed, although I had previously 
been infonned it would not be used. M y one quarter as an undergraduate 
reader was counted. The two quarters I received unit credit wi thout pay 
in Santa Cruz were counted. In this way, I learned that experience is a 
negative - not positive - item. 

I cannot go back and erase my experience; the administration will not 
go back and reconsider their decision. I will have to seek employment 
outside the university to pay my mortgage and provide for my wife and 
myself. I will strive to finish my degree, although I have been told by 
many people how difficult that will be while working outside of the 
university. 

Am I bitter? I am afraid so. Over the years,] have watched outstanding 
instructors be denied tenure and graduate students wait until June - and 
later - to find out if there will be employment for them in September. 
My own experience, being denied my appointment several months after 
having begun preparations for teaching and barely a month before 
beginning to teach, will last for the rest of my life. 

] will recover, but like any wound, there will be s cars. I hope by 
sharing my story others will be spared the same experience. Addition· 
ally, I hope to wam prospective UC students and their parents. The 
individual with whom you will have the most contact, your T A, has been 
awarded that position based not on experience, but rather the lack of it. 
Insist and demand to receive the best education you can from these 
individuals. The Univen;ity of California owes you no Jess. 

Mlchaellrent 
Economics Department 

UC Davis 

Rape 
101.' 

If yuu think rdpe can't happen to yOll. you're in ti)r a real education. 
Because ~tati st ics show that rape happens more to women in your a!,~ 
group than any other. In fact.thi~ year. one out of ~ ix cnlle!,'C women 
will be the victim of rdpc or attempted rape. Very nften by MlIllCllIlC 
she knows. A fellow student . Even a date. 
And that's a crime. Because ~tny time a woman i, tilrccd tll havc:.ex 
against her will it\ a !CIon)! 
Rape. It's a ~ubjcct nil nne , hllUld ta~c lightl)! 

Student Safety Awareness Program 
Student Center, Bldg. B 

534·5793 

The UCSD Guardian 

Hey U.C.S.D.! . 
We hope Summer was fun and you're relaxed and ready to hit the 

boo '(s. Before you start into your sciences classes, let's talk about s trategy. 
We believe that the best and fastest way to JeMl\ a new subject is face-to-
facf~ with an expert, in an environment where lots and lots of IlfOblems 
call be solved quickly and interactively. 

Hyperleaming is a private tutoring collective. Instead of sporadic 
he' p, we offer sessions that parallel your classes every week of the 
quarter. They last 100 minutes and meet twi~e each wee~ (that's up to 4 
times more than you'll get from the u sual on-<:ampus section). Cl~ses are 
falit paced and fun. Everyone's there because they want to learn the 
material faster, with more depth and less hassle than they can anywhe re 
ehe. At each meeting the class briefly reviews theory then concentrates on 
solving a large number of test-oriented problems, presented in a way that 
a:lows both clear, thorough notetaking and organized review of the key 
concepts. We pride ourselves on being able t~ offer you thoroughly 
expert and caring instructors, providing an unequalled .supplement to 
lecture 'and section. . 

Are we a good deal? Instead of spending $15 an hour or more for a 
:lecent private tutor (plus the problem of finding one), our fee of $150 for 
almost 40 hours of top-qua lity instruq jon over the quarter works out to 
Jess than $4 per hour b y' com pa rison . Some of our s tudents' comments ... 
Steven Leduc M ath 2C, 20A/2EA and Physics l A , 2A 
"Steve is 1M Math God; I've never had any TA who can even compare to Steve. His handouts 

are a work of art." Math 2EA . 
"Witholtt Hyperlearning, I probably would have dropped by the first midterm. Now I feci 

that I have learned more than in any other class." Math 2C 
"Steve is a tremendous teacher! His mastery of math is unbelievable. The most incredible 

thlng Is how easily he can share his knowledge with us." Math 20A 
"Steve has a relaxed yet productive format. He has a gifl. This is a seriously a terrific 

program well worth the money. Steve is truly amazing." Physics lA 
"It was great! Steve has the material so well mastered that he can explain the problem in 

all kinds of ways, in detail." Physic.2A 

Todd Bennett Chem 6A, 6C,140A 
,odd is the best chem teacher on the planet." Gene.ral Chem 
"He knew the subject inside and out, and was able to answer questions from any angIe." 
"His assistance has helped me tremendously, both in gaining a better understanding, as wen 

as a better appreciation of O-Chem." Organic Chern 
, odd is the most en thusiastic person I know. He enjoys teaching O-Chem, and it shows." 
Karen Stoller Chem 6B 
"Karen Is 1()()~ bette!' than any TA I've had for this subject. She's my model for what every 

T A should be Like." Chem 68 
"Karen 's greatl She Is very caring about her students and very patient." Chem 68 
"Karen 's handouts shorten and simplify everything." Chern 68 

Scott Lundgren Biology 131 (Genetics) 
"Scott definitely knows what he's doing and communicates il well; and very helpful 

handouts." 8io 131 
"Excellent TA! Competent and cool ." 8io 131 
"Scott _ very understanding of his student's needs." Bio 131 

Amy Rabb Math 1A 
"Super TA! She understands math and teaches It so that it seems easy. She has great reviews 

for tests!" Math 18 
"Outstanding. I wish all my TA's W1!re like he!'. She displayed complete command of the 

material and was very easy to understand." Math IB 
"Extremely friendly and nice. She Is able to explain oomplicated problems in a clear, precise, 

logical, doWIHo-earth sort of way." Math 1B 

Randy Silvers Econ lOOA 
"Randy was an exceptioMI and well-v~;:l TA." Econ 100 (CAPE '90) 

W~;mdy helped students immen..qe[y, thus earning an excellent ratin~." Econ 13S (CAPE '90) 

Our Fall Quarter Tutorial Schedule 
Biology 131 
Chem6A 
Chem6B 
Chem6C 
Chem140A 
Econl00A 
MathIA 
Math2C 
Math 20 
Math2E 
Physics1A 
Physics2A 

Mon 8-1Opm and Thurs 8-1Opm 
Sun 4-6pm and Wed 4-6pm 
Tues 4-6pm and Thurs 4-6pm 
Sun 6-8pm and Wed 6-8pm 
Sun 8-1Opm and Wed 8-1Opm 
Mon 4-6pm and Tues 8-1Opm 
Tues 6-8pm and Thurs 6-8pm 
Mon 6-8pm and Thurs 8-1Opm 
Sun 4-6pm and Thurs 4-6pm 
Sun 6-8pm and Tues 4·6pm 
Sun 8-1Opm and Tues 8-1Opm 
Mon 8-1Opm and Wed 8-1Opm 

All instruction begins on or after Sunday, September 30th. 
• Location 
We're in Suites 1131 olnd 1132A at the La Jolla Village Professional 
Center. (Right behi!ld the Elephant Bar and EI Torito restaurants, just 
I\cr.,.. hom campua. Go up Stairway B one level then tum right.) 
• Registration 
Registration can be done by phone or in person on your first day of class. 
Only 14 spaces are available in each session. Any UCSO student may 
attend their fint SUlton free, to evaluate our program. Don't get locked 
out. Many of our cla,;ses have wait-listed in the past. Enroll soon! 
• Fees 
Course fees are $150 per class ($275 for two, $375 for three or more). 
Qualified financial aid students may enroll for $125 per class. (Bring a copy 
of your SAAC leHer or F.A. award letter for F.A. registration. Hasta!) 
Th .. Hyperleunlng Guarantee: 

Students are guaranteed to get their money's worth when making use of our 
t'.li :>ii .. 1 programs. This means being able to refund the majority of your tuition in 

; ,\:I~C!nces where ~des and/or understanding don't substantially increase a s a 
r<'~"..I!t "r our efforts. See us for details. 

OPINION 7 



8 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• 
• 
• 
• 

The IIOtherll Copy Center 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

II 

• •• II" : Delicious. Ma rinated. Hot from the Rotisserie... • 
• 

: Gourmet Sauces. Your choice: Barbecue, Salsa, • "" 
• Honey Mustard ... Great Side Dishes: Salads Brown : 
: Rice, Vegetarian Beal'ls, Baked Potato and mor~.. . • 

Self- erve cs 
Word processing 
Desktop 'Publishlng 
Typewriters 

Expert Rssistance Rvailob/e 
: The Best Prices. Eat in or take out. : 

• •••••• 2· ·5· 0'/0· • O· • ·f·f· • • • • : 
: Daily afternoon Specia l (2-5pm) Only $2.50... :. 7 C • 
: Saturday$ only: Buy 1 Quar1er or Half Chicken : : : 4150 ~:~I~riI Row 
: Combo a nd get the second one FREE with this ad. .: All Macintosh Servicesl : (By 8M & .Ie-o-y's) 
• : • • 457·1 007 

Monday, September 24, 1990 

Beach 
Continued from page 4 

demonstrators. At this tllne the 
cameras would 110! be rolling. But 
the ~econd an hraeli LsoldierJ 
would lose his cool and shove bad" 
or arrest a Palestinian. then the 
cameras would Stal1to roll."' 

I Hili not ask.lllg the mcdla to 
sld(' with 1 r. el, because tll<lI woulJ 
IInpl) b~ luaseJ dlVclOgC frum 

thcotherc,\tn:me. which is cxacth 
what I 'm "galllst. When you g;t 
theentite storv. the whole situation 
changes dramallcally. 

I do not Wish to praise one Side, 
nor beli ttle or make light of the loss 
of Ii fe on the other. 

But if the media insist ~ on reo 
porting the Is raeli -Palest inian 
conflict, then they should con ider 
at least showing what sparks the 
clashes, regardless of who is at 
fa ult. 

In other words, show the whole 
story, not just what they want 
people to see. 

4150 Regents Pork Row, La Jolla • 450 -9094 
-Let Us Earn Our Stripes! ~=======================.=.==.=.=.==~~~~~~~~ 

ii Isn't that a reporter's Job? 
So how does all of this rclute to 

Mamie's tragic death'? When I 
returned to the United Statt!s, I 
found out - much to my disgust 
- few people. If an}, k.new what 
had happened, 

• (Offer good until 10/31/901 . • 

Next to Ben & Jeri y', , 

MinomStoll 
B A History, Dartmouth College 
MB A, Stanford Graduate School 01 Buslnes. 

,, ] i1l'can1l':1 MacintOsh conven in bllSine~ school. 
''AI: our computer lab rd alv.ays find lines of people 

waiting to use the ~1aci ntosh computers, while Other com-
puter ' jll'>t sat ulere, So I had a choice: wait for a Macintosh 

or come back at 61\.,\t to grab one before uley'd all be taken', 
'!\tier husiness school, I took a job at a large bank and 

ll'ied my ~tacintosh for producing evef)thing from spreadsheets 
to a company newsletter, 

"Toda~ [ u. e Macintosh to help me run my own 
management con ulting firm.When I give a pres· 

entation, I can ee in people' face mat 
they're really impressed, And that make. 
me feel great. 

"Sometimes [ take Friday off, put 
my Macintosh and skis in the car, and 
head for the mountains, I ski days 
and work nights. It's perfect. 

"'Iou know, I can't ay where I'll 
be in five, ten, or fifteen years, but I 
can ay that my Macintosh ~;ll be 
there ~vim me:' 

Come s_ the Apple Rep during 
Computer Awareness W_k I 
Wed., Sept. 26th, lOam·3pm 

at the Computer Center, 534·4291 

•• \~11)' do people love Macintosh'? 
A'ik them, 

c '9110 AWe COolpulo<, InC.AWe, .... _-. 
and_ .. __ "_~.Inc. 

How could this be'? 
A 17 year-old /.;/(I \"a~ mur· 

dered. and no one st!cmed to k.now 
or care. Yet everyone knew about 
the Israel! lunatic who k.illed six 
Arab. 

When I went to the library to 
look through recent paper for the 
story, all I found was a release 
flom the Associated Pre 5 which 
was buried in the middle o f the Los 
Angeles Times and devoted aboul 
eight sentences to Mamie's death. 
I t was generic, callou and imper-
sonal, but I suppose that's the way 
news is upposed to be. What 
sickened me, though, was the way 
the art icle was concluded. 

"Separately." the allicle stated, 
"six Palestinians - incl uding a 13 
year o ld - were wounded in 
clashes ... in the occupied territo-
ries." It was a statement totally 
irrelevant to the incident and the 
rest of the story . 

I think Mamie deserved at least 
some respect. It makes one won· 
der how many other stories have 
been twisted by the unprofessional, 
one-sidedness which the media has 
exhibited time and time again. And, 
incidentally , CNI~ refused to an· 
swer any of my letters o r phone 
calls. 

I met Mamie shortly before she 
was killed. Though 1 only knew 
her briefly, I know I' ll miss her 
terri bly. 

Her senseless death sent a biller 
chill running through my body . . . a 
chill which I will never quite lose, 
nor soon forget. She was just a kid 
at the wrong place at the wrong 
time. 

He r family and fri ends will 
never be the same, and, after my 
experience there, I can ' t say I will 
be either. In her diary, she closed 
her fi nal entry by writing that she 
was "having the best time." 

Twenty· four hours later, she 
was dead, but the media was too 
engul fed in thei r biased covemge 
to repon it. 

And somewhere, out there, is a 
terrorist boasting of his successes, 
plotting to kill again. 

My God, is nothing sacred 
anymore? 

Jorge Ro ..... talla • junior In 
Communications at Muir 

September 24, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

MURDERS: Police Search Area For Killer 
Continued from page 1 
looking for a "dark-skinned or 
black- kinned individual." 

THE CLAIREMONT /U.C. KILLINGS 

"That can mean a number of 
things," he emphasized. "We could 
be looking fo r a Cuban or [an) ... 
A frican-American, " 

The ~ 1I ~pt"c t has been described 
by police as being 18 to 23 years 
old, 5' 7" to 5' 10" with medium 
build and close-cropped hair. A man 
fining that description was seen 
fleeing Tarr's apartment shortly 
before her body was found. The 
man was also seen wearing a red T-
shirt. 

Schultz, the fi rst victim, worked 
as a dancer while attending classes 
atSDSU, 

Her fiancee, Christopher Jon 
Bums, was held by police on sus-
picion of m~ after Schultz' s 
death, but was released within five 
days. 

The second victim. Weinhold, 
was found dead in her bedroom by 
her roommate and two others. Her 
apartment was only twoblocks from 
Schultz's apartment 

1 Tiffany Schultz 
SDSU Student. 
Killed January 12 in her 
Cowley Way apartment. 

2 Janene Weinhold 
UCSD Student. 
Killed February 16 in her 
Cla ire mont Drive apartment. 

3 Holly Tarr 
High School Senior. 
Killed April 4 in her brother's 
Cowley apartment. 

4 Amber Clark 
Mesa College Student. 
Killed September 13 in her 
Honors Drive home . 

S Pamela Gail Clark 
Mother of Amber Clark. 
Killed Se ptember 13 in her 
Honors Drive home . 

Source: San Diego Police 

Tarr, the third victim, was visit-
ing her brother in C\airemont for 
spring break at the timcofherdeath. 
Herbody was found in her brother's 
apartment, in the same complex 
where Weinhold was killed. 

An apparent break. in the case 
occurred on May 30, when Luis 
Lebron, a truck driver, was arrested 
in connection with the murders. 
Lebron resembled the police com-
posite of the killer, but was later 
released afternoevidence was found 
linking him to the killings. 

Students Are Warned to 
Lock Doors, Be Careful 

Police are urging everyone to 
report any infonnation they may 
have, no matter how in ignificanl it 
may seem. 

"Everybody is frustrated in many 
respects, because we haven 't cap-
tured him yet," Krosch said. 

"Some peopie obviously are try-
ing to be very helpful," Toneck 
said. "I say to them, keep being 
helpful .. . by all means, give us the 
infonnation. W e will take it. We 
want to work on it. 

"We follow upon every [lead)," 
he said. 

Anybody with any infonnation 
is encouraged to call the police de-
parunent at 531·2500 or Crime 
Stoppers at 235-TIPS. 

By Rachel Blackburn 
Guardian Reporter 

Following the series of kill· 
ings in the Oairemont and Uni· 
vers ity City areas, the UCSD 
police department is urging all 
students to take extra precautions 
regarding security measures. 

UCSD Crime Prevention Of-
fieer Alan Jenkins said that since 
there have been no signs offorced 
entry in connection with the 
murde rs, the k iller is either 
walking into residences through 
unlocked doors or is gaining en· 
try in the guise of a repainnan. 

Jenkins advised students to 
keep doors and windows locked 
both during the day and at night, 
even when they are home. 

"More burglaries probably 
occur during the day rather than 
at night, though most people seem 
unaware of this," Jenkins said. 

Jenkins urged students to 
"make surcyou know whoyou're 
letting in. If you ' re not expecting 
anyone, keep him outside while 
you call the company to check 
on him." 

In addition to the police, offi-
cials at all five of UCSD's resi-
dential colleges are emphasizing 
the importance of security. 

Sean Bank. , assistant dean of 
Third College, stressed the im· 
portance of keeping doors and 
windows locked at all times and 
of never walking around .::ampus 
alone. 

" Students should use the 
buddy system," Banks said. 

Banks added that students 
should get to know their neigh-
bors, so any unfamiliar faces can 
be spotted immediately. 

All five colleges are giving 
See POLICE, Page 32 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

e Pregnancy Termination 
e General or L ocal Anesthesia 
e Low Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conception) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
eStudent Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

r.r;r;t 
~ocho;ce 

... Family Planni I T Associates Medical Group 

NEWS 9 

General Store Co-Op 
New and Used 
Textbooks! 
10% Less than bookstore prices. 
Finally an alte rnative for the price-conscious 
UCSD student, from your General Store Co-op 
(in conjunction with Hyperlearning). We heard 
your d emands, and here they are. 
Why shop anywhere else? 

Biology 1, 2, & 3 
Campbell, "Biology" (2nd Ed) 

UCSD Price, W I Tax: $56.84 
Our Price, w I Tax: $51.45 

Chemistry 6A, B, " C 
Gillespie, "Chemistry" (2nd Ed) 

UCSD Price, w/Tax: $61.13 
Our Price, w I Tax: $55.02 

o. Chern 140A, B, CJ 141A, H, C 
Morr. & Boyd, "0 Chern" (5th) 

UCSD Price, W ITax: $64.35 
Our Price, W ITax: $57.92 

Biology 131 
Suzuki, "Genetic Anlys" (4th) 

UCSD Price, W ITax: $50.41 
Our Price, W I Tax: $44.50 

Math lA 
Gold stein, "Calc. & App's" (5th) 

UCSD Price, W /Tax: $56.84 
Our Price, W ITax: $48.94 

Physics lA 
Stemheim and Kane "Physics" 

UCSD Price, W I Tax: $57_92 
Our Price, W ITax: $52.22 

Physics 2A, H, C, BS, & CS 
Hall. & Res.,"Fund. Phys." (3rd) 

UCSD Price, W / Tax: $58.98 
Our Price, W ITax: $53.14 

Plus books for Bio 10, Bio 160, Bio 167 Bio 174 , , 
Chern 11, Econ l A, Econ. lS, Econ 2A, Econ 2B, 
Econ 4, Frontiers of Science 35, Math 2EA, Phys-
ics 10, Psych I , Psych 2, Psych 60, Soc. Science 
60, and T.C.W.P. Drop on by! 
Hours: 
Mon-Thur 
Friday 

Location : 

8:45 am to 6:00 pm . 
8:45 to 5:00 pm. 

The Student Center, just east o f the Hump. 
Book Bu yBack: 
Remember to sell back your books to us (not 
"that other place"). We offer ou more! 
"Run For Students, By Students" 



10 NEWS 

SOUND DI:CISIONS 

t~~~~~~~=i;;'MS;;:; 1 Discman® With A Sony® Portab e k' , Raffle! And Win On-Campus Roc m 
Speakers In our 

ZENfTH AlTA SYSTElfS INNOVATES AGAJII'M 

Be sure to take part in. the most exciting event o!). 
campus. Just drop in for some fun and a chance-to 
win a Sony Discman with Speakers in Zenith-Data 
Systems' Rockin' Raffle! 

1MD A Prize To The Thne Of $10,000 In 0... 
SOUND DECISIONS MUSIC TRIVIA CONTEST! 

When you stop by, you 11 also find out how you 
can participate in the major musical event of the school 
year- Zenith Data Systems' SOUND DECISIONS 
MUSIC TRIVIA COl'ITEST! 'tbu could win a $10,000 
Sony Surround Sound/ Projection 1V Home 
Entertainment Center; a Sony Discman with Speakers, 
a Sony Sports Walkman~ or any of thousands of other 
great prizes! 

More Prizes Worth Singing About Just For 
Stopping By! 

In addition to a chance at winning a Sony Discman 
in our oo-{;atnpus raffle, you could take home a FREE 
CD....:. featuring a variety of popular recording artists-
just for being one of the first 25 visitors to show up. 
So get in line early! 

M ••• the Z ••• " rep _ 
Thursday, Sept. 271 

~~ 

. .'. ) I )~:.... I:' \' ' 
.. • ~._. j J 

eo ...... C ....... r 
83.-4291 

For more information on our SOUND 
DECISIONS MUSIC TRIVIA CONTESf, 
call 1-800-553'{)559 
Hurry! Contest Ends NoYember 15, 19901 

ZEN/'ll .. 
data systems W 

Groupe Bull 

No pur<:hase neceuary ~ wile .. prohib,led by law. See coolest rules on entry Ionn fur oomplo!R details. Eslimaled mail value: Discman willi Spealoen. $350.00:_-' 
$75.00. Compoct Disc. $15.00. RalIIo d"'wing will be held .. aJnciusim ol eo.enl RaIIIe panidpants need not be _II> win. Son~ Diocman and _ ... ....-
tndemarb ciSony Corporotion ol Amenca.Crophics timula .. _ Wi_'" ........ 10. a product olMlmloolt Corpono_. C 1990 Zati1l1 0.. .. s,.ms ~ 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free consu/IQI/on anli InltfallJWltmem 15 min. $20 VtUue. First-lime cllenls only)" 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 

8qA ..... u 14, 1990 

Budget Freeze 
Stays In Effect 
By ..., Betty Heard 
Associate News Edtor 

AD ucm departmem oontime to sInIin under a 
speming freeze instiMed in June by OlanceUor Rich-
ard Alkinsoo, despite the drafting of the 1 ~91 UC 
bI.JdFt on Scpalb::a 20 during the uc RegenIs' 
IJJIlCIing • UUA 

Aa:ording to AssociaIe Vice 0lIn:eIl0r of Rb-
soun:eManagemcrtJohn Woods, the spending fia::ze, 
whicbaffi:lcts ~fnxn regisIrationfees,cdolC8tion 
fees,atSlMesouroes, WIL'IinitiMcdonJune 15bccausc 
"we WIDaI the vicecfwnoJlors toreali2e IheJX*'Uial 
fir serious budgIcI shonfaDs in the upcoming (fiscal] 
yaw." 

He also uidthe freeze WIL'I ilqxxtall inOldcrto get 
the vice ctwaJkYS I(xnstomrd to fmrtiming willi a 
drJm:IIIrd budget. 

111:: SJIOmng freeze affi:Icts aD depaltllDIIS at 
UCID at applies to aD expmdinlR:S: !qlpIies, equip. 
IDCIII,ow:rtirne,pcnonalsavices,a.Dac:Is,atlnlvd. 

It bas also a&.aod the ability of IIIIm)' dcpublltds 
to mae new positioIli nI fill open posiIiom. at bas 
camrd Iay~ffs in some depaanldllS. 

"We IB"C not refilling 00D-CSSCIIIial posibom. (Iu] 
esserDaI wmers wiD be rqjaord [for Fan Qater]," 
said Ruby WdIiCI", diR:cmr of budget DI finIn:e fir 
Physical Plant Services. 

PbysicalPiadbasnotsuffen:daoy Jay~ accmi-
ing to Witter, but Brian Powell, IJB1It8ICIIdIl ~ 
officer for Graphics and Rqxoduction SeMces says 
that his depmtmcnt bas been harder hiL 

"We had some Iay-<Jffs after the freeze wctt into 
etkt, around the begiming of the fiscal year [July 1]. 
We ha\te IrougIII back some people now that school is 
begimiug. "Powdl said. 

11I::etmctofdle freeze on oIherdqa nldU 9CICIDS 
less dnL'itic. 

"We write a)o( of requests forcxceplioo inOldcrto 
[gd fin1ing] fir R:SeaR::b <XlIIIS," said Nm:y Fowb Hatley...... 1000aema:ofticeroftheDepaillJleu I 
of~W'C)!I'" s f 
t ~1oIIg.amc:lJu1l~_wlJbe~ 

-: -.~..{~ the bJe] ........ we ,. haw leSs 
lDIlbC)' kJ [won: willi].". iIddrd. 

Aotw"W Q PowdI, "Ibc .....,dina freeze bE a 
dimtt aq.:c on our cktalnit:iL People ..: Oicbq 
fcMr qnPrjes (of 81 ....... at ~J :.! 
1bey..:aw..:oflbedwpatllkqallS~ 1 
Ibey an Il_ an eftect Oil ow YOIume. .. 

WGcI" agrcrd willi Powdl's 8S8C&iiotU of Ibe 
sinJlllion 

"Sn:e cktalDtills have less discn:Iiooay finI.: 
ing, we have fewer~ bdiaadiaay ~ .. 
WIIIicr said. 

The ]990-91 UClJudaet,axudqtoalqA ....... 
tivefulm lbeofficeofUCPlaideuDavidP. GanbI: 
is set • $2.185 biDioo, $163 rOOlion 10wer Ibm ...; 
bud&ct mpaed by Ibe iqJI:IIIS. 

As aJaUl&,Gaidnert.sonkmtbudgawassucb as 
afivepr:roedmto"1iooinlbepublic~h.at 
a five pr:roed cD in UC .... 1 ........ across all 
<:IWJ1I'wes at pugi'" and in Ibe Office of Ibe 
PIaidtu, axudiog toGaidner's lqA~ 

Woods (eds IbiII wbiJc Ibe budget bas been set for 
tis fiacal)'S. it will bea few wecb bc:in it n:acbes 
UCSD. 

"Il1Itt:s us a &de bit Iooger IIdilIbe buc¥t is JXO-
i1IIrd ~ from Gaidner to us •.. 1be freeze wiD be Iiftrd 
IClIIICWbcre between two at tbn:Ic wcc:b, .. be said. 

prerequisites· Kenan 1A, 18, & 1C (or equivalent) 
·~nM~k~~~ 

approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female staff, state lie. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
LaJo/Ia vUldge Profess1OtUU c-t_ Behind Elephant Bar 
8950 Villa LaJoIla Dr. Sle. 2121 ·1f.Xp'm t~ 

Sect jon 
DIll 
Tutorial Section 
Lecture Section 

CouraLMI' 

r&wa 
ra 
1882 
1883 

3-3:50 
3-3:50 

TuW 
UN 

This is an undergraduate level course. II is open Q both gr .... and undergraduate 
students, an(. must be taken for credit. 

For further information, please contact: UndaJones 
IAlPS Language Program Assistant 
534-7496 

6 SS E , C p sa • r ""3 - .. , 
September 14, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 11 

SAVE 20%-70% 
ON VAURNET & SUNCLOUD 
5 U N G LA SSE 5 

I VAURNIT front $36 I 
• Made In France 
• AI pu!pOSe sunglasses 
• PX 2CXX), NAUTILUX, 

SKIL YNX optical gloss 
lenses 

• Reg. price from 
$7(}$lro 

ISUNCLOUD from $22.50J 
• Optical quaHty gloss 

Rose and Amber 
lenses 

• AH puIpOS9 sunglasses 
• Reg. price from 

$ffi-$98 

SAVE 
20-500/0 
Hot New UCSD 
• T-SHIRTS 
• SWEATS 
• SHORTS 
• TANKS 

Hurry, all sales end 9/30/90 

*tj)a,~i, ~& " Ti w T The~~ Attitude 
LA JOlLA VJUAGE SQUARE • 8855 VJLLA LA JOLLA DR. #401 • 636-G3M 

The 
LITERATURE DEPARTMENT 
Has Moved! 
We are on the first floor of the new Uterature Building on 

Voight Drive across the street from Canyonvlew Recreation. 
I 

The building houses all the Literature faculty and student' 

services. 

Changes 
in uterature D~rtment Classes 
N.wCIasses 
lit/En 120E Women In the 18th Century T-Th 2:30-3:50 147TCHB 
cc:ll20 Instructor: K. Shevelow 

_ LIt/Sp 2C Cultural Readings MWF9-9:5O GH11l6 
cc: 1118 Instructor: B. Pita 

: Ut/Sp 140 Spanish-American Novel T-Th 2:30-3:50 EXT 142 
cc: 1041 Instructor: J. Concha 

" ; Ut/Sp 173 Spanish American 
literary History MWF9-9:50 CSBOO4 
~ cc: 1046 Instructor: R. Sanchez 
N.wnme , J • 

Llt/Gen 100 Classical Tradition MWF 1-1:50 PH 102 
cc: 2700 Instructor: P. duBois 

. 

N ..... LocaHon 
Lit/Gen 171 Children'S Uterature W 6-8:50 WLH 2001 
cc: 2722 Instructor: J. Griswold 

CELEBRATING 10 YEARS OF SERVICE 
U C S 0 
Back to School SPECIALS 
~~ • I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundal 

~ Mlbublsh. Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $ 35 ~reg. $55) 
1. SpirIt plugs Our wne up includes a 101 more /IIan others. h IIIc1udes: 
2. Distributor points 6, Clean & replenish an fluid & oil levels 10. CIleck undercarriage for damages 
3. Condensers 7. Chack brakes 11. Chack cooling sySiam & hoses 
4. Adfusl tmng 8. Check clutdl 12. Road test 
5. MJUsl dwell angie 9, Check lighlS 

35-point Major Service Special $ 79 * 
1. Compression tesl tX/fa for fuef.in,ectfld. Our major rune up indudes. (reg. $150) 
2. Vai';e a~uslment 11. Adjust timing 21. CI1eck & replenish all 28. CI1eck and recharge 

Replace: 12. Adjust dwell angle- IIUld and Otlleveis battery. 'f necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket 13. Adjust carburetor 22. Check eletricaJ sYSIem 29. ROlale ores (if needed) 
4 Spark plugs 14. A~st steering box 23. Check for loose Oliosl 30, CI1eck lire pressure 
5. Dislribuior poinlS 15. A~ iir & fuel ratio mix bolts 31 . Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers, 16. A~ust dutch 24. Check bra)(es 32. CI1eck atl holders 
7. Air rlla. 17. A~uSl brakes 25. Check clulch 33. CI1eck ccooling syslem & 
8. Oil filla. 18. Adjust emergency brakes 26. CI1eck tighlS hoses 
9. Gas tiller. and 19. CIled< & adjust exposed 27, CI1eck undercarriage for 34. Check exhausl sysIem 
10. Engine oil behs damages 35. Road lest 

20. Lube front end 

Nma: FM~C;;pi;t;'CI~t~ehj;b $169 * 
We rsplacs: 

1. Transmission input shalt seal (except • • throwN bearing Nola: Hydrauic pMS <va no! COYeIed. 
HondaI S. PiIoI beIrings HoI for 4WD. Front wheel drive exira. 

2. Pressure plaia 6. New ~ansmission oif 
3. c.m:h disc 7. Hoad lISt 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
FfOIf Of fPW. EhIrf job indudfIs: 

1. InIIIII spIC8t MW lid or iIWIII lUI brake __ 5. Bleed entire brake sysIIm 
2. DIain old trw fIIid 6. Aqust front r~ ciI.ms) om ,. shoes 
3. 1n1p1ct campIIII hjaUic IY*n 7. ~ front raIar ... Cd raIar bin) 
• • Ad I¥huIc fIIid 8. Road 1IISI 
. : t-.ec,.. ftllDll1cUlld 

.............. AIk .... _~.al ....... ,..1 I ...... II 
AII_ ....... a..,... or 20,000 l1li ........... IAiIty. 

AI ...... I.I .... .-w ......... . 

O'liaseas (':a~ramar Rd .••• 1990 
lakIlLDllUlRlp.' I allrglOd=::~::-"1Il 

.,.. •••••• 
Tawing .lJ18I1tal car available. Monday-Friday, i :30 ~ pm. Op •• Sabs.., 

WOMEN'S S1UDIES 
FaIl~ 1990 Couneoae. .... 

cr 2A lnIroduclion to Women's Studies: 
Gender and l!thnicity in literature 
Prof. L lDrw TTh 1:00 - 2:20 pm 

COMM I Images of Womnl 
CUL 108 Prof. J(. HtIrtdttncm TTh 11:30 - 12:50 pm 

IDSC 103 Gcnc1er and Sclence in Histodc:aJ perspective 
Prof. R. M. Pri«J",." TTh 1 :~2:20 pm 

'HfI'O History ol Psychoanalysis 
112 Prof.J.M. Hllgba 1Th8:~9:5O~ 

urIEN Wom.:n.in the EialllCenlh CentIiry:_ 
1201! Female GOIhic -

J"ofJ(, Sbtw/oul . _ ." TIh 2 :~3:5Q pm 
.. . ... ' -~ 

~ 

'ur~ American Literature and Visual Arts: 
155 Vamps, Virgins and Material Girls 

Prof. A . DfJltst"., 1Th 1 :~2:20 pm .• ' 

'ur/GEN NOYei and HIstory of the Third World: . 
130 Pan African Women Writers 

Prof. S. A. IFU/iams Trh 10:00.11 ;2Oam 

"These coune. Iii: relaled 10 women's 
studies, and maybe pctIlIonable towan! 
the minor In women'S studies. 



.. " 
"". lew • 
.."...., . 

"'tii li_totbepo .... popu-
.J.rity of iIIIICIl ,- willi __ -
peaoiea in on-eempos pukina 
..... lheuniYa'lilyftUli*dover 

thesumrnerby~lhedimc 
skll5oo.uoflhe 8OOClq'USmrtcrs. 

"'The university was losing close 
to $40.000 to $50.000 a year due to 
shaved pennies," Parking Officer 
Manager Bob Umstead said 

A single shaved penny allowed • 
theusertogetthemaximummete«.d 
time for once cent rather tban fifty 
cents an hour. 

According to Umstead. tbe 
parldng meters were "originally put 
uptoaccomodalevisitors. but we've 
beengeUingcomplaints left and right 
because 1here is no place for visitors 
to part. " 

The decision to modify the 
parting meters was IllIde by tbe 
Parking Advisory Committee, 
ooropised of nine ...... ~ 
sealllives., four fIcuIty members, 
tbree IIaff members, IDd one ~ 
n:acaIImve c:ach from the Campus 
PlanniDg Office, tbe Medical Cal-

HA I R DES I GNS 

eLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vans) 274-2600 

MIRA MESA 
(NelIlID PilZa Hut) 56&6100 

UNMISIYY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

0PBI7DAYS 
~. NOT -au.RY 
~_···F 

. ItrIIn IIonteiGiIlWdl"" 
Campus pa!IcJng meters no longer contain dime slots. 
a, UodtipadualeAffEs,Disab&ed 
Sb ........ IIOd !he CUef of Police. 
~aIIo,itsm !hewmmittce 
as In .t-boc, DOO-votiDg member. 

'I'beaIot...".tm -at'-CIIIS waedooe 
by !he nwdIine shop at Scripps In-
IIiIUIIe of ~. Ums1Iead 

~, 

• 

stIIIIcd that it cost tbe wUvenity IaI 
than $2,000 to modify !he meI;fA 

Appm:ndy, UCSD is DOt alone • 
in ill bGe ...- penny sbavep. 

"1XI.A his MIl ~ 
meu:rs for yem, IUd it4lel J1ftYecy 
expensive," UIDIIMd ~ud. 

. ,. ~ . ., , 

'I1te UCSD N .... Com-
millie', reoo+iMi+rtetioe .. 
apriD& to ftIIImIC Third CoDeae 
as M.tin LuIbcr King Jr. Col-
• was originally sIatrd to be 
inIroduced at last week's meet-
ing of the UC Regents. but 
tectmicaJities with the King fam-
ily have caused postponement at 
least until the November regents 
meeting, according to Third 
College Provost Cecil Lytle. 

In addition to dealing with the 
King family. Lytle indicated thai 
"we couldn ' t get a bola of 
people ... and we wllltOho wait 
until ewryb09YS- back from 
va::alioo_{befpre aoioIlbrou&b 
~.~]." 

...,.., poiIIkd out duit be 
. ...... to wait for III.ICIIDs to 
nIIUID 10 Ibey CIIl ba\Ie IOIIIe 
iaput OIl die ..,-nina 

However, Lytle did indic* 

• w e 4J 
E I ., .... 

duit ....... _ ...... tobe-
iuINdaed Itlbe ..... 1IIIICIt-
iDa in. couple of 1DDl1Ihs. 

'"It's our intention [to pr0-
pose the new name] in the ~ 
vanber meecing. " 

But before a renaming is offi-
cially approved at UCSD- even 
after it is approved by the nam-
ing committee - it must cross 
the cbaoc:ellor' s desk before it 
can be brought before the re-
gents. 

Chancellor Richard Atkin-
son, bowever, explained that 
while be bas not "disapproved" 
!he reooriMitiwWinn. no such 
iIem _ beat forwIRIDd to bim. 

"My own priWie view is IbII 
I would ..... ove it," A*DwJn 
aid. "But ... deciIiaD .. bot 
came tome." 

Muir~1 """""', 
S. ....... ,P .. 22 

This semester, take some electhes 
in communications. 

IntrodudngA1M' 
Student Saver Plus. 

nus year it'll be easier 
to get: through college. 
Because ATIff has put 
together a program of 
productS and services 

that can save 
you money. 
Whether 

you live 
on or off 

campus. 

Keep your 
roommates 
in line. 

We1J separate 
your Ioog distance 
calls from your 
roommates' calls 
with A1&r Call 

~:Andwe'll 
do it lor free. 

You don't need 
to wait till spring 

to get a break. ' 
wuh the A1&r...m 

(W' America Plan', }UU'II 
get savings 24 00urs a cI3)I 

7 days a week. Including 
?JX, off our aJready low 

~~ 

_ ..... .( " ... 
..... ,. C ) - .. 

_-'II ...... ... ___ ~. ::-,:'i ~ ; ~ 
~::; .... ... -_ .. ~......,.-- .. .-

-

60 minutes of 
long distance. 
For free. 
Movies. Vtdeos. 
And more. 
For less. 

]us! by choosing any Stu-
dent Saver ~ program, }UU'II 
get up 10 60 minutes eX free 
long dis/alU! cills. 'tOO'll also 
get a free roupon Inoldet 

good fa saYiJVi 
all around 

~from 
. anywhere to 
anywhere. 

'«e1I give }UU a 
free A1&r eat.rrw 

CanI, even if you ~ bM: 
a phooe. So you'D be able to 
make a aill from almost any 
phone and haYe it biJIed to 
}UU, where\Ier you live 

1b enroll in the A1&T Stu· 
dent Saver Plus programs that 
are right for you, or to get the 
best value in long distance ser· 
vire, call us. They just might 
be the most pro6tab1e electives 
youU ever take. 

1800 654-0471 Exl.1230 
; A'OO: Helping make 
college lite a little easier. 

_=htChaca 



14 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, September 24, 1990 

BrIan Morris/Guardian 
Moving in. Students moved into residence halls and on-campus apartments last week with the help of their families, and carts provided by the colleges. 

LETTER 
Co!ttinued from page 13 
right: "you have to be aggressive. 
You can't just stand there, you 
have to walk up to people and say, 
'Hi, I'm-tl' 

I did meet Greg Schwartz and 
Luis Corran at an Ice Cream Social, 
one of Third College's events. I 
asked Luis what he thought of the 
people he met and he qu ickly 
replied, "Everyone [here] looks 
really smart." Even though Greg 
and Luis are first-year students, 
they get to live in the Upper Third 
apartments whicb have new 
furnitiJre. 

The other colleges had many 
activities of their own. I heard all 
about Warren College's SWlset 
Beach Bonfire and their Ice Skat-
ing and Pizza Night. They even 
had a Ralph 's Run so that people 
without cars could easil y get to the 

" ... We might as well 
be in jail." 

-Kyra Andrassy 
grocery store. 

My friends at MuirCol\ege told 
me about the noon concert they 
had Friday which featured D.l. 
Black. They also told me how 
much fun they had "monkey-ing" 
around at the San Diego Zoo yes-
terday during Muir College Day 
at the Zoo. 

Revelle College had a Hawai-
ian luau and beach party at La 
Jolla shores. I saw a poster telling 
Revelle students to dress Hawai-
ian, and they sure did; I saw many 
people wear leis. 

Fifth, on the other hand, had a 
movie in the Fifth College quad 
called "Say Anything." Fifth also 
had a dance called " Under the 
Sea" and an Ice Cream Sociailike 
some other colleges. 

UCSD offered informative 
tours and meetings, too. I went on 
a tour of the undergraduate library, 
and even though 1 made it through 
the whole thing, Greg didn' t. I also 
attended a meeting called "Sex-
planations. " 

I don ' t know if I can handle 
being a biology major since the 
meeting for new and prospective 
biology majors was complicated 

See LETTER, Page 15 

Revelle Sundry Siore 

' . " 

Come in for 
NEW! tropic slush 

snacks 
candy 
sodas 
juices 
coffee 
tea 
sandwiches 
salads 
popcorn 
ice cream 
fresh pastries 
and more! 

See our expanded selection of supplies! 
-school and office supplies 
-computer supplies 
-clothing 
-gifts and greeting cards 

Services 
Film processing 
Check cashing-$25 or less 
University recharge 
Visa/MasterCard! American Express 

Revelle 
Sundry/ 
Store 

Blake 
...,....Hall 

Revelle 
Plaza 

:- 1 
Galbraith 
Hall # 

Located. in Blake Hall, Reve.1e campul 

Hours: Monday-Thursday 7:30 a.m.-8 p.m., Friday 7:30 a.m.-5 p.m. 

-----------------------------------------

COUPON 
$1 

One dollar off purchase of school 
supplies in the Revelle Sundry Store. 

Minimum purchase of $5.00 

Coupon expires October 15, 1990 

COUPON 
$1 

Coupon must be redeemed at time 
of purchase. Not valid with other 

coupon or discount. 

Coupon expires October 15, 1990 

Monday, September 24,1990 

LETTER 
ContInued from page 14 
enough. I wonder how the meet-
ings for other majors went? 

I had a great time at some of the 
odIer campus-wide activities, like 
the hypnotist show and the a11-
campus dance. The dance was held 
in the ballroom of the Price Center. 
I can't believe we have a ballroom I 

The best campus-wide activity 
wasdefinitelytheUnolympics. All 
of the colleges met at Muir Field 
and competed for cootroI of the 
shoe. 

Each coUese showed spirit in 
its own way; for example, Fifth 
carried flags and chanted their own 
version of "Row. Row, Row Your 
Boat." Third carried red, white. 
and black ballooos. Shamu and a 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle even 
showedupl 

Quite a few people participaled 
in the Uoolympics. but not every-

"Everyone [here] 
looks really smart." 

--LuIs COrran 
one. Magda Mulak: just watched it 
because she was too tired from 
walking around all day. "My 
muscles are sbot, " she said. "I've 
been sitting aU summer." By the 
way. this year Muir College put its 
best foot forward and captured the 
prize. 

But this week hasn't been all 
fun and games. 

I've had to stand in line to pay 
my fees, pick up my ID card, get 
my account at the bank, and add 
psychology. I met a student named 
Aimee Martin, and hoy did she get 
a raw deal. She told me, "I waited 
in a two hour line, fioally got to the 
front door. and they said, 'your ID 
card isn't here .. . it's over at the 
Revelle Campus.'" 

Speaking of fees - remember 
that extra cash you gave me? Well. 
I made one trip to the UCSD Book-
store, and wham! - it was gone. 
All of it. Books are so expensive. 
Robert Glenn. this guy I met, was 
just as upset about book prices as I 
was. 

"Book prices are outrageous," 
he said. "It's unfortunate that the 
bookstore basically has amooopoly 
on the books." 

However, Robert mentioned 
two other bookstores on campus, 

See LETTER, Page 16 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 15 

A Checking And VISa Package 
Even An Econ Professor Could Love. 
\\ells Fargo offers checking 
at $3.50 per month, 
6 months free VISa membership, 
plus free shirts and shades. 

Open a Wells Fargo Student 
ATM Checking-
Account and pay only 
$3.50 a month, 
with no monthly 
fees during the 
three summer 
months. We're ready 
to give you credit, top-with 
free Student Visa mem-
bership for 6 months, and 
a growing credit line. We're even giving away l()()O/o cotton 
Wells Fargo t-shirts and hot neon shades. 

You'll get all the checking you need with the 
Wells Fargo Student ATM Checking Account. And 
you'll Sclve money by doing all your banking through 
any of our more than 1300 Wells Fargo Express" ATMs 
statewide. ATM Checking also gives you 
unlimited check-writing with no per-
check charge, no charge at our 
Express ATMs, and 24-hour 
person-to-person phone 
servJ.ce. 

As 
a college 

student , 
you're qualified 

to apply for our 
special Student 

Visa card. 
And start 
building 
your own 
credit 

history. All Junior College students who open a Wells 
Fargo checking account are also eligible to apply for 
the Srudent Visa. Look for Wells Fargo on campus or 
drop by any Wells Fargo office to open a checking 
account and apply for our Student Visa card. 

Open one account and you get a free pair of sun-
glasses, in your choice of six howling neon 

colors. Open both and we'll toss in 
a free neon Wells Fargo t-shirt. 

Wells Fargo ATM Check-
ing and Srudent Visa. Open 
your account" today. 

WETJS FARGO BANK 
MrmbttFDIC 
C 1990, WFB N.A. 

... a store for everyone 

let us frame your choice of any poster in 
a black aluminum frame mounted on 

foamboard with glass for only 

Promotional Giveaways While Supplies La· 

Not III ~ 2""x36". Whole ai_ only. Price does no! include posIII<. otr.r expires 10/31/90. 

UII'.,.UlJTroWII.C.N.d (Across from The Broodway) 452·7755 

IJUI •••• '.C"IION 
of prints, posters, jewelry, 
T-shirts and unusual gifts 



16 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

Art anel Drafting Supplies 

25% 
off 

50% 
off 

33% 
off 

40% 
off 

KOH-I-NOOR 
Drafting Instruments 

MORILlA 
Brushes 

STRATHMORE 
Paper pads 

TALENS 
Paints 

We pass along significant savings on 
art and drafting supplies all year. 

Discover our large selection and low 
prices. 

Special orders welcome! 

C\I\IRSITY 

BOOKSTORE 
534-3786 

Monday, September 24, 1990 

LETTER 
Continued from page 15 
Groundwork Books and Revelle 
Bargain Books, and told me that 
even though they don't have the 
huge selection that the UCSD 
bookstore has, thei r prices are more 
reasonable. I'll be sure to check 
them out. 

The parking situation was fine 
for a while. But as I look out my 
window at the parking lot, now I 
see cars starting to pack the lot. 
I'm definitely not looking forward 
to the scene. It will probably bring 
that L.A. freeway feeling - the 
one I couldn ' t wait to forget -
right here to UCSD. I don 't know 
ifit's even worth the$198 I shelled 
out. 

But the worst thing of all is the 
r---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------, food. Now I know that I used w 

There must be some way 
to avoid doin~ the same thing 
for the next forty years. 

life's been pretty gOOd SO far. You've 
kept moving- taken all the right 
steps along the way (for the most 
part). And now you're ready for the 
biggest step, 

You'll be getting your degree from 
a top school, You 're about to find a 
great JOb. 

The questIOn IS: which Job? And 
Will It have the potential to Interest 
you for a whole career? 

You've probably heard the story of 
the JOb applicant who said he was a 
shoe salesman with fifteen years expe· 
rlence, "No;' corrected the recruiter 
Interviewing him, " you 've had SIX 
months experience thirty times," 

Isn't there some way to keep 
challenging yourself In new and 

c 1990 AAOefsen ConSUlting. ~A & Co. sc 

different areas? 
Andersen Consulting offers you 

the opportunity to work on a variety 
of prOJects- with clients In a Wide 
range of Industries. 

We are the leader In helping 
organizations apply mformatlon 
technology to their bUSiness advan -
tage ' Every hour Of every bUSiness 
day, we Implement a SOlution to help 
one of our more than 5,000 clients 
worldWide, 

What makes that pOSSible IS the 
quality of our people, And the quality 
of our training. We're known for both, 

Because bUSiness and tech· 
nology are ever·changlng, we see 
training as a continuing process, And 
our $123-mlllion Center for Protes-

Welcome Back! 

slonal Education In 5t. Charles. 
illinOIS, IS Just one measure Of our 
commi tment. We train you for a 
career - not Just a JOb. 

Does the Idea offorty years of 
knOWing exactly what you'll be dOing 
each week scare you? Then don't 
settle for that. Demand Challenge 
and vanety, Come talk to us. And 
find out more about a career with 
Andersen Consulting, 

ANDERSEN 
CONSULTING 

AN n l l'R Moill R~I "4< (0 . ~ l 

Where we go from here~ 

Watch for details on our upcoming information session 
in next week's Guardian. 

complain about the dinners you 
guys cooked. I know. But this dorm 
food makes your worst meal seem 
like Paris ' finest. Anyway, I may 
just lose those ten poundsI've been 
wanting to do away with. 

But then again, maybe I won't. 
After all, I hear that most first-year 
students get what 's called the 
"Freshman 15." And I'll probably 
gain those 15 pounds with all the 
pizza my suitemates and I have 
been wolfing down this past week. 
Domino's can get here in no time 

I'm looking forward to the up-
coming year. I plan to see the mov-
ies in the Price Center which are 
sponsored by ASUCSD Program-
ming and the BGIF and TGs which 
have live bands. I read a flyer that 
said the Dead Milkmen will be 
playing this Friday; I definitely 
want to see that. 

I know I have to study , too. I'll 
try very hard to get straight 
A's ... well on second thought, 
hopefully ['11 just pass all of my 
classes. 

I better be going now. Sublimi-
nal Message: SEND MONEY. 
SEND MONEY. SENDMONEY. 
Take care and write soon. 

LPH, 
f/gq F;,..rt-f/UU" rftu.del(t 
Story written by 
Sangeeta Meht., 
Associate Features Editor 
Julie Puzon, 
FeaturtlS Editor 
.nd Jeffrey YMlllguchl 
Associate FMtutw E6tor 

September 24, 1990 

D 

For all UCSD Students 
We offer a variety of services and programs designed to 
enhance your college experience and help you cope most 
effectively with University Life. 

Through individual or group counseling, 
psychotherapy, or support groups, you can learn to ... 

... Reduce test anxiety 

... Study more efficiently and effectively 

... Enhance your creativity 

... Manage your weight 

... Make more effective personal and career decisions 

... Improve your interpersonal relationships 

... Cope more effectively with loneliness, sexual 
difficulties, alcohol and drug abuse, anxiety, stress, 
and depression 

Th. courucling rdationship b priVate and confid.ntial. 

There's a Place for You 
on the Legal Team 

legal 
Assistant 
Program 

The legal assistant who works as part of the legal 
team plays an important role in the delivery of 
legal services. The job responsibilities are as 
varied as a law firm's practice. UCSD Extension 
offers both a daytime and evening Legal Assistant 
Program that prepares you to enter the field. 
• ABA approved 
• Courses are taught by members of the Bar 

and practicing legal assistants 
• Instruction in computerized legal systems 
• Geared to those who have already earned a 

degree 
• Tuition can be paid on an installment basis (daytime program) 
Information meetings and free aptitude tests are 
scheduled for November 3,9 a.m.-noon and No-
vember 7,5:30-8 p.m. Phone 534-6353, X426 to 
reserve a space and for more information. 

Phone 534-6353, X426 for more information. 

The UCSD Guardian 17 

UCSD 

534-2521 

Barbeq ues, parties, dances, brunches, 
Israeli folkdancing, films, speakers 

Judaic library, current periodicals, 
visiting scholars, guidance to funher 
your academic or personal 
exploration of Judaism 

Shabbat celebrations, High Holy Day 
services, Passover and other holiday 
observances 

A link to the UCSD Union of Jewish 
Students, Israel Action Committee, 
Federation/UJA, L'Chayim, 
National Student Movements 

Counseling, political activism, study 
programs in the U,S. and Israel and a 
multitude of other services 

Office of Religious Affairs 
502 Matthews 
(East of the Price Center) 
La Jolla, CA 92093 

Bnai Brith HILLEL Foundations and United Jewish Federation 

GREAT 
DEALS ON 

FILM DEVELOPING 
Get double prints of every color roll-every day! 

Standard Extra 
size large 

12 expo 24 prints 

r99 r47 15 expo 30 prints 3.79 4.39 24 expo 48 prints 4.99 5 .95 36 expo 72 prints 6.99 8.43 
Back-To-School Special 

September 24-28 
Double prints only $2.99! 

Any size roll. 
(Offer good from color negative only. No slides. No limit.) 

THE SUNSHINE STORE 
Houn: 

Monday-Friciay 7 a.m.-l 0 p.m. 
Satu~ 9:30 a.m.-l 0 p.m. 

SundaY 9:30 a.m.-6 p.m. 

l \ i\ ::;h., I'Y I , ,1 \ , d I 
-~---

LJLSLI 



18 FEATURE ' The UCSD Guardian 

- -

-

-

• • 
.'" , 

• 
" 

" 

• ,. 
, • • 
7, , ,. 

" 
• 

The Only 
Furnit . Source 
More Affordable 
Than 

Okay, so you can barely afford a place of your own. Let 
alone the furniture you need. That doesn't mean decorating 
in early "hand-me-down:' 

GranTree Furniture Rental offers everything you need-
living room, bedroom and dining room sets-in styles you'll 
love. At prices even a struggling student can live with. So stop 
by one of our showrooms today. It may not be quite as 
inexpensive as shopping in the attic. But then again, you'll like 
the selection a whole lot more. 

6ranTree® 
FURNITURE RENTAL 

San Diego 1210 West Morena 276-6741 
San Diego 8220 Miramar Road 693-0281 
Oceanside 1906 Oceanside Blvd. 433-5551 

Chula VISta 1177 Broadway 427-3232 

I Willi rninun<.m agrmnent. No ocher offer w... J 
... _--------------------

Monday, September 24, 1990 

FEATURES WRITERS, NON-
FEATURES WRITERS, PAPER CUP 

USERS, MACINTOSH KNOW 
HOWS, WORD PROCESSOR 

HATERS, SPANISH SPEAKERS, 
FOOTBALL PLAYERS, MADONNA 

LOVERS, TELEPHONE TALKERS, 
HAND IN HAND WALKERS, RADIO 

LISTENERS, BICYCLE RIDERS, 
BOOK READERS, BOOK WRITERS, 

TRAFFIC VIOLATERS, COFFEE 
DRINKERS, RENAISSANCE 

THINKERS, PEOPLE WHO KNOW 
THE WALRUS WAS PAUL 

COME ONE, COME ALL 
TO THE FIRST FEATURES MEETING 
AT THE G UARDIAN OFFICE THURSDAY 5:00 P.M. FOR MORE 
INFORMATION CALL 534-6580 ASK FOR JULIE SANGEETA OR 
JEFF ZABA CIIASA 

Halloween Item Pens 
Da,y- Runner Wall & Desk 
Organizer Calendar 
Greeting Card Post-It-Note 
Photo Album 
Stationary Balloon 
Note Pad Gift & 
Metallic Paint Many More 
r-----,----
I $395 . :$100 OFF I 
I,BALLooN BouaUETI ANY PURCHASE I 
Ten 11"Balloons I OF $5 I 

IWith Ribbon Or More I~ L-___ -1 ___ ~ 
UniverSity City Pacific Beach 
Costa Verde Pacific Plaza II 
450 - 9291 4B3 - 9953 

La Jolla Villago ~Garnel 
_Genesee LamonI 

Can we survive death? 

Who really was Jesus? 

Does science disprove 
religion? 

O · 7 oes It matter .... 

-

.. 

We think so. Beginning September 23, each Sunday from 5-7 p.m., 

YOll can gct together with others to look into these and related 

queMion s. Thcse sessions will be just as honest as your questions, 

<lnd YOll need not be <I ''\;hurch person" to come. In fact , you may 

e njoy them more if your not. 

Interested? .. 
all 13"-2697 for direc tion s, transportation or information on 

lIonest Question .. 
Hos ted by : San Dicpo Japanese Christian Church 

1920 IE Strcct 
San Diego, CA 92102 

September 24, 1990 

RAPIST 
Continued from page 3 
operate and get out alive," she said 
incoun. 

Miller was arrested the next day 
by San Diego Police, after having 
called another SDSU student. She 
had agreed to meet him, and then 
called the police, who went in her 
place and arrested him. 

Miller pleaded not guilty to the 
charges brought against him, though 
there were "lots of effons to senIe," 
Lanuca said. 

His defense attorney tried to es-
tablish that the women had volun-
tarily met Miller, and had not ob-
jected to his actions. 

The defense noted thatthe UCSD 
victim had testified that she had 
agreed to take part in some son of 
sexual activity with the caller dur-
ing the initial phone converstaion. 

According to Detective Sgt. Bob 
Jones of the UCSD Campus Police, 
UCSD Police receive 50 or 60 re-
ports of this type of call a year. 

'These types of threatening calls 
are very common .. . the thrust of 
what's going on are sexual threats, 
such as 'if you hang upI'm going to 
rape you' and 'I've raped 12 people 
oul there at UCSD, and you' ll be 
next if you hang up,' " Jones said. 

"We've never had a case where 
the caller actually followed up on 
the threats as to what they would do 
if the victim hung up," Jones said, 
adding that this case was "unique." 

Miller has been imprisoned be-
fore, according to Cecil Parish, unit 
supervisorofthe California Depart-
ment of Corrections Parole Divi-
sion in EI Cajon. 

Miller was imprisoned for re-
ceiving stolen propeny. then pa-
roled. He twice violated his parole, 
by allegedly making threatening 
phone calls and allegedly raping a 
17-year-old female. 

Althoughthe 17-year-olddidnot 
press charges, the alleged rape was 
still a parole violation, Parish said. 
Miller was jailed after each viola-
tion, according to Parish. 

At the time of the assaults, Miller 
was in violation of parole for hav-
ing failed to report to his parole 
officer, and a warrant had been is-
sued for his arrest, Parish said. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Who Already Has A 
48-Hour Student Loan From 

Great Western And Who Hasn't? 
Classes, lectures and exams ... these days you have more to worry about 
than tuition costs . A Student Loan from Great Western can make your 
life a little easier. We'll help with your finances so you can concentrate 
on your education . 

It can take as little as 48 hours to fund a Great Western Stafford Loan. 
First, confirm your eligibility with the Financial Aid Office at your 
college or university Then, complete the loan application. With our 
computerized loan process, your application may be approved in just 
24 hours and a check can be sent to your school the next day! 

Great Western offers a variety 
of federally guaranteed loans: 

Stafford Loans 
Supplemental Loans for Students (SLS) 

Parent Loans for Undergraduate Students (PLUS) 
'Concentrate on higher education instead of higher finances with a 
Great Western Student Loan. For more information about Great 
Western Student Loans call, toll-free, 1-800-GW-ASK-US. 

Gl 
-....' ... " 
.......... ~;::;-;:;~~~~-;-:~;:;;:;::;~~;:;-~:;-~~~:-:;;-;;:-jjjiiiiiiiiiiiiiii .. jal ~ GREAT WESTERN BANK 19!!!i 

- ® /iiiiiiiii~ 
A Federal Savings Bank 

WELCOME 
TO 

If you have any questions concerning financial aid, please contact your 
college Student Financial Services Office list<!d below: 

FIFTH 
GRADUATE 
MUIR 
REVELLI 

Bldg. 214, MAAC 534-2550 
Bldg. 204, MAAC 534-3807 
Bldg. 210, MAAC 534-3808 
Bldg. 204, MAAC 534-3806 

UCSD! 
Financial aid recipients who have returned their award letters can claim 
checks at the Bursar's Office (Building 211, MAAC) during the follOWing 
dates: 

FAU 
WINTER 
SPRING 

Friday, September 14 through Friday, October 5 
Wednesday, January 2 through Friday, January 18 
Tuesday, March 29 through Friday, April 12 

To claim your checks, you must present a valid UCSD student photo ID card 
with the current quarter's validation sticker. if you are receiving a bank loan 
check, you will be notified of its availability. 

SCHOLARSHIPS Bldg. 213, MAAC 534-3263 
THIRD Bldg. 213, MAAC 534-3805 
WARREN Bldg_ 214, MAAC 534-4686 
Our office hours are Monday-Friday, 9:00-12:00 and 1:00-4:00 p.m. 
In addition, the reception area of Building 210, MAAC is open 
from 12:00-1:00 p.m. 

Student Financial Service. 

wish •• you a 
very successful 

1990/91 
Academic Year. 

NEWS 19 



20 NEWS 

UY·8AN 
810\'lourl The t(ftIMate-Sung/ass Shoppe 

• I UCS!! COUPON I Exp. 10t11190 • 

• • 
• • : ?5.~~~ : 
: J:S~~ · : 
• itfth 'III.,. • 
· ~ . 
• • 
• • 
• Eyes on Del Mar Mon.-Sat. 10-9 1555 Camino Del Mar. 
• Del Mar Plaza Sun. 11-6 Street Level • 792·9211 • 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

The UCSD Guardian 

The best office supplies 
around. 

Whether you need 
staplers, glue guns or 

any office supply, 
check out the quality 

Stanley Bostitch® 
items available at the 

University Bookstore. 
Our prices can't be 

beat! 

Pocket Stapler 
$2.00 

Premium desk stapler 
with remover $7.98 

Special anniversary edition, 
with gold plate $9.98 

Hot melt glue ,guns--for carton sealing, model 
making, ouildmg displays, and hundreds of 
other uses! 

Micro electronic 
mini glue gun 
Black! Assorted Colors 
$8.79 

Trigger feed mini 
glue gun 
$10.80 

Cordless glue gun 
$20.25 

Electric glue gun -
heavy duty design 
$16.89 

STANLEY BomTCII 
Office Supplies 534-3786 
Hours: Mon. - Fri. 7:30 a.m. - 6 p .m. Sat 9:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. 

September 24,1990 

LABS 
Continued from page 3 
this, but I feel the very fact that we 
can 'tdecide indicates the university 
ought not do it." 

Professor Herbert York, chair of 
SAAC and a physics profe or at 
UCSD, said, "UC management 
produces better laboratories than any 
ofthe reasonably likely alternatives 
would ... the labs are better techni-
cally and more open to general dis-
cussion." 

The operation is not a nonnal 
activity fora university, he said, but 
not inappropriate. "We got into it 
for a very good reason [during World 
War ll], and need a large reason to 
change it," he said. 

Gardner said negotiations with 
the DOE would seek only minimal 
changes to the current contracts. He 
said he would evaluate means of 
improving the University 's man-
agement in light of the opportunity 
for a broadened UC role and in 
response to faculty concerns and 
SAAC recommendations. 

Ironically, the only UC group to 
favor the renewal of ties with the 
labs were the students of UCSD, 
who voted 787-772 last April in 
favor of a ballot measure on the 
subject. 

POLICE 
Continued from page 9 
free key chains which display the 
Community Service Officer (CSO) 
escort service, Police, and Tijuana 
Help phone numbers to residents. 

Officials at Muir College stressed 
that the recommendations they are 
making to students this year are the 
same ones they always give, and are 
not associated with the serial kill-
ings. They have advised students to 
make use of the escort service, while 
security guards and resident deans 
are patrolling the residences to give 
advice to students. 

Jenkins advised students who 
must walk across campus at night to 
usetheescon service which is avail-
able every day from 5 p.m until 1 
a.m The service can be reached at 
the phone number 534-WALK. 
After a student ca11s the number and 
states their name and location, a 
CSO is dispatched to meet them. 
'The police can also be reached by 
dialing 534-HELP. 

September 24, 1990 

FEES: Regents 
Raise Fees 10% 
Continued from page 1 

According to Derby, the expired policy al-
lowed for 10 percent annual increases in fees in 
case of a budget crisis. 

While the UC's 1990-91 budget is $2.185 
billion, a two percent increase over last year's 
budget, it is still $163 million less than the 
regents had originally requested. 

According to Derby, while the UCSA was 
pleased with the 10 percent fee increase, the 
other increases were not as popular. 

"We're not happy about the new law and 
medical fee and the increase in non-resident 
tuition," she said 

The UCSD Guardian 

Alva indicated that financial aid will be pro-
vided to needy students to offset the fee in-
creases. 

c:J1989-90 c:J1990-91 
Mel Marcelo/Guardian 

Parking & Transportation 
Services welcomes you to UCSD 

ONLY 

-

We would like to remind you that there is no free parking on campus. All vehicles 
(including motorcycles and mopeds) need to have a pennit or be parked in a paid meter. 
Purchase your annual or quarterly student pennit at the Cashiers Office, 401 MAAC 
8:30 a.m. to 3:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. . , 

Mail-in pennit orders may be picked up at Parking, 400 MAAC, 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., 
Monday through Friday. 

STUDENT PERMIT PRICES: Annual Student "S" $198.00 per year 
Quarterly Student "SQ" $66.00 per quarter 

PlEASE BEAR WITH USI 
Some campus roads may be subiect to temporary closure 

or traffic interruption due to construction. . 
If you have Parking questions, give us a call at ~223. 

The TRANSPORTATION ALTERNATIVES OFFICE has been busy 
over the summer developing new programs and services for your 
transportation needs. 

Ride our new Campus dual-loop shuttle 
Pick up a FREE local area bus pall at 406 MAAC 
Ask about a Transpotlulian AIIarnatM partang permit 
Find out about our new carpool program 

Look for our display booths on Revelle Plaza and at the Price Center, 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 
p.m., September 24-28. Make sure to mark October 3rd on your calendar for the "All 
Campus Commuter Fair" at the Price Center. 

Please SlOp by our new office at 406 MMC, 8:00-am. to 4:30 p.m, or call us 81534-R1lE. 

NEWS 21 

SENIORS AND 1ST YEAR GRADUATE STUDENTS: 

NSF GRADUATE FELLOWSHIPS 

HOW TO APPLY FOR AWARDS 

QUESTION AND ANSWER SESSION WITH 
DR. TERRY PORTER 

FROM THE NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION 

Friday, September 28,1990 
1:30 P.M TO 3:00 P.M. 

COVE ROOM, PRICE CENTER 

Indudes: Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service prices reg. $21-$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To insure faster service, ~'s 
best to come on weekdays. 

CALL RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 Days: M-F-S ; T-W-T a_I'll ... ,...,.., 

.~ 
.. ... ~. _. 4!11 ~~ = "IA·~ ii i Gi\AF-FliCS ------ ----\ .......... -- ~ ......... ----... 

.... _------ -

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 

Now Near Your Cmnpus 

The authentic 
Hamburger /Malt Shop 
•. Hamburgers • American Fries 

• ChW • Sandwiches • PIes 
• Malts • Shakes • Floats 

FREE L: '., : ,')" xl ','.' .. 1 m" 
FRIES ' '. ' """ '\"1' : ,('l: £'11", ,R[[ ,', " . ~ : 1 1.' Or ,,1.11U, '!.1 l: 

DEL MAR PLAZA - STREET LEVEL 
1555 Camino del Mar. 755-1954 
$un.-Tbun. 11-10 • Fri. " Sat. ll-Yldnight 



22 NEWS The UCSD Guardian September 24, 1990 

REGENTS: Third Col'lege Renaming Nears, New Campus Delayed 
Continued from page 12 
the head of the naming commit-
tee, was surprised that Atkinson 
had not seen the recommenda-
tion. 

" We did send it forward;' 
Ledden said. "He just may not 
have seen it" 

-Phil Gruen 

11le selection of two or three 

No purrhase nec~S'-lry 
SW,-ep~ldkel end, Oclober I. 
1990 FOf (amplell' d<>Ia,I, 
and rules V'"I your (ampus 
bookllOft' Sw t'f'plldkes open 
10 anyone 16 years Of older 
Votd where prohlblled by law 

potential sites for the 10th Univer-
sity of Califomia campus has been 
delayed by UC president David 
Gardner. 

According to Ron Kolb, a rep-
resentative from the office of the 
president, an extra three to four 
months of additional time will be 
required to fully analyze the eight 
sites in central California that were 
recommended in July for study as 

possible locations for the new 
school. 

not alter the timetable that calls for 
selection of the final site in late 
1991 and the opening of the new 
campus in 1998. 

11le eight sites currently being 
considered are Mape' s Ranch, east 
of Modesto; Don Pedro, in 
Tuolumne County ncar the town 
of Sonora; Lake Yosemite, near 
Merced; Table Mountain, in 
Madera County; Academy, Wam 
Valley, and Trimmer Springs in 
Fresno County; and Frazier Val-
ley in Tulare County. 

Gardner told the regents last 
Thursday that more time is needed 
", complete consultations with the 
many interested parties in the area, 
including govenunental agencies, 
community groups, and the owners 
of each of the parcels under re-

11le selection of the next region 
of the state in which a site (either 
north or south) search might be 
conducted for the 11 th campus, 
originally scheduled for Novem-
ber, will also be postponed until 
early next year. 

view." 
He added that this delay would 

- Juon Snell 

Make 
The Grade 
With Pilot 

Win a FREE all-terra'n bike 
in Pilot's Free WheeI'n' Drawing. 

Head to your college bookstore novv and look fix Pilot's Free 
Wheelin' bike display That's where you'll find entry forms for a 
chance to win a hot new Columbia Metro la-speed all-terrain 
bike - a S 160 value. All entries for this campus cruiser must be 
postmarked by October 1. 1990, so hurry! 

And while you're there, don't forget to stock up on Pilot's 
quality writing products like the Better Ball Point Pen, Spotliter, 

[PILOI] 
• Qualoty Office Products Since 1918 

Pllor Corporal IOn of Amenca 

Pencilier and our long-lasting 
printer. typevvriter and calculator 
ribbons. 

From course grades to steep 
grades, Pilot makes it easy. 

September 24, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 23 

NEEDA}OB? 
Disabled Student Services seeks responsible individuals as 
notetakers and/or readers for students with disabilities. To be 
eligible, you must be a registered UCSD student with a G,P,A. 
of 3,0 or above. 
Payrates: Notetakers $4.60/hour; Readers: $4.90/hour 

NOTETAKERS needed for the foUowing Fall '90 Courses: 
Anthro 10 CSE62A Phys lC SOC 162 
Bio 1 Hist 2A Phys 2AL Theater 11 
Bio 15 Hist/LO .. A Poli Sci 110A UrbStud 1 
Bio U5 Ling 63 Psych 2 VAll 
Bio 141 Math2B Psych 102 VA 60 
Bio 156 Math 2BP Psych 105 Bio 101 
Bio 157 Math2C Psych 137 Bio llO 
Chem4 Math 2F Psych 171 
Chem6A Math4C Psych 179 
Chem6C Music lA SOCC 1 

READERS needed for the following Fall '90 Courses: 
Chem6A Math 2C Psych 102 SOCCI 
Chem6C Phys Ie 
For NOTETAKING, preference will be given to students 
who are enrolled in the course(s). 

Please contact as soon as possible: 
Disabled Student Services 
204 MAAC (Southeast Comer) 
University of California, San Diego 

FOR INFO 534--4382 

BACK TO SCHOOL 
IN STYLE. 

Give your favorite student a life-
time of flawless writing: the 
10 karat gold filled ballwint pen 
from Cross. Also avaiJable in other 
distinctive finishes including 14 
and 18 karat gold filled. 

BINce '.48 

lifetime mechanical prantee. 

omce Supplies and Fine Writin& Instruments 

l '\"\'r") r"')' I ,., \ "l ' i • i . \ J. l. 
- -- --

--

1)()()l\~J);\L 

. 534-3786 

Houn: Mon.-Pri. 7:30 LID. - 6 p.lD./ SIL 9:30 IJIl. - 5 p.m. 

GREAT 
DEALS ON 

FILM DEYELOPING 
Get double prints of every color roll-every day! 

1 2 expo ~4 prints 15 expo 30 prints 
24 expo 48 prints 
36 expo 2 prints 

Standard 
size' 

1
2.99 
3.79 
4.99 
6.99 

Extra 
large 

1
3.47 
4.39 
5.95 
8.43 

Back-To-School Special 
September 24-28 

Double prints only $2.99! 
. Any size roll. 

(Offer good from color negativ.e only. No slides. No limit.) 

THE SUNSHINE STORE 
'. . 

: :: . Hours: 
Mond~ri~ '7 a.m.-l0 p.m. 

SaturiJay 9:3"'0 a.m.-l 0 p.m. 
Sunday9i30 a.m.-6 p.m. 

'. . 

l'\[\'ERS[TI' 

.. " . 

TUESDAy,"NiGHT:: SEPT. 25th 

-'ToRREY'S 
.' :~iN··:TH·E· . M .Ainuo.TT 

AT 

BACk,loSCHOOL 
U · :;·· -:~c·<···· :.: < .... : .. ~ " ·s · ·· D 

···s ... . ' :.' . . ' 
. . 

. . 
, . 

. . ',' 

FREE 
BUFFET 
FROM 5·8 p.m. 

$2:00 COVER AND HA.l.FI1ME AUcnON 
.PROCEEDS Will BENEFIT A DIFFERENT 

CHARIlY EACH WEEK! 

At the La Jolla Marriott 

4240 La Jolla Village Drive 

La Jolla, CA 92037 

(619)587-1414 



, . 

24 SPORTS 

Cross 
Country 
Both Ninth 
At Invite 
• Tritons hold their 
own against Div. I 
competition at SDSU. 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

Ninth Place? It sounds like a 
title reserved for the Atlanta 
Brave . 

Ninth place is where UCSD's 
men' and women' s cross country 
teams f"mished in the SDSU Cro s 
Country Invitational this Saturday 
at Morley Field in Balboa Park. 

But in thi case, ninth place 
isn't nearly as bad as it might sound 
Both squads were up against a field 
of Division I scholarship athletes. 

"We competed really well in a 
very tough division, "UCSD Coach 
Mark Stanforth said. "This meet 
gave us the kind of (tough) com-
petition we would face in the (Di-
vision ill) national meet." 

The Triton men, who finished 
9th out of 12 teams, were led by 
redshirt freshman Sam Gwynn who 
came in 46th overall at 26:45. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, September 24,1990 

Tritons in 
Scoreless 
Rumble 
• Men's soccer battled arch-
rival Claremont to a 0-0 
deadlock in double overtime. 
By Phil Gruen 
Senior Staff Writer ]r a brutal men's soccer game featuring five 
yellow cards and one red card, UCSD and 
Claremont College fought to a 0-0 tie after IwO 
overtimes yesterday afternoon - with nothing 
10 show for it but a great deal of black and blue. 

Claremont, who lost 2-1 in overtime to UCSD 
last year in the NCAA Division m Western 
Regionals, had revenge on its mind inmore ways 
than one, playing a physical game to counter-
anack any talent they may have lacked in skills. 

And for the most part, it worked. 
The crucial part of the game occurred a minute 

before the half, when UCSD sophomore Chris 
Romey retaliated after getting thrown to the 
ground by Claremont forward Greg Treger. 
Problem was, the referee didn't see Treger's 
take-down. But they had little problem observ-
ing Romey's resulting punch to Treger's upper 
body, a punch that may have had Treger seeing 
stars - but cenainly had Romey seeing red. The 
red card given to Romey forced UCSD to play 
the remainder ot" the game a man down. 

Gwynn was followed to the fiD-
ish line by Stefan Wynn (53rd, 
26:58), Eric Kinney (7Oth, 27:29), 
Man Ringer (74th, 27:40), Mark 
YueD (75th, 27:45), Steve Fenster 
(79th, 28:03) and Steve Stewart 
(93rd, 28:49). 

RI .... UzgIrlalGuan1ian 
Mike Gerhardt and the Tritons tangled with the Claremont Stags in a knockdown, drag-
out match that featured 51 penalties, five yellow cards, and one ejection for fighting. 

The Tritons' (7-2-1) best chance to score 
came 13 minutes into the game, but three con-
secutive shots were deflected, two by Claremont's 
goalie, and one by a defender. But the Stags, 
even with the man-up advantage for the majority 

See M. SOCCER, Page 34 

On the women's side, junior 
MicbeUe Conlay led the TritOD 
ct.ge. 6 . , . ,24Ib in a time of 
18:29. _ .. womeu placed 9th 
ownIIia • field of 13 teams. 

Water Polo Stumbles to 2-12 Start 
The Triton finishers were 

rounded out by Denise McFayden 
(30th, 18:42), Dawn Africano 
(79th, 20:04), Katie Jamieson 
(82nd. 20;06), Karen Longyear 
(83rd, 20:07), Yolanda Torres 
(89th, 20: 19), and Jamie 
Zucberman (94th. 20:54). 

To open the season, both teams 
placed rust in the college division 
of the CSU Fullerton Invitational. 

• Young Tritons drop three straight at USC 
tournament as losing streak reaches 10. 
By Lea BruvoId 
Assoc:iafll Spotts EdItor 

The UCSD men's water polo 
team should think of adopting a 
new team motto: 1 Hate L.A. 

The Tritons' weekend trip to 
the City of Angels more closely 
resembled a fiery descent into 
Dante' s Inferno. 

UCSD wasbeaten fivetimcsin 

three days, dropping their overall 
record to 2-12, though they main-
tained their number 15 ranking in 
the NCAA Open Division. 

In the process, they ran their 
losing streak to 10 straight matcbes, 
all on the road, starting with a 15-
4 loss to Stanford on September 14 
in the opening round of the UC 
Irvine Tournament. 

Defending Champs Blast 
Redlands 8-0; Now 5-1 
By Peter Ko 
Associate Sports Editor 

For the defending national champion 
UCSD women's soccer team, the beat goes 
on, and on, and on .. . 

Oh yeah, they were supposed to be hurting 
this year. Seven seniors graduated from last 
year's championship squad, leaving behind 
a roster full of inexperience and potential 
costly mistakes just waiting to happen. 

So, what does Head Coach Brian 
McManus do? Panic? Worry? Sweat? Reach 
for the deodorant? 

The latest victim was the University of 
Redlands in an 8-0 mugging Saturday at the 
North Campus Stadium. The Slats said that 
daLuz scored three goals, Ashley had one 
goal and two assists, and Iackie Melnik, 
Lindsay, Katie Larkin, and Amy Wayte 
each had a goal apiece. 

But those numbers are irrelevant. The 
important numbers are five, one, and two. 
The tcaJn's record is now 5-1, and through 
six garnes, the defense has only given uptwo 
goals. 

Of course, if you want to be picky, you 
could point out that last season, the Tritons 
didn't allow a goal for the first II games of 
the year. 

The trip began on a dismal note 
last Thursday as the Tritons wen 
on the short eodof a 14-5 drubbin& 
at UC Santa Barbara, and followed 
that up with. IS-II defeat Friday 
• the baods fI Peppentioe Uni-
versity. 

"We justdidn 'tplay weD api.nst 
them (UCSB and PepperdiDc)," 
UCSD Head Coach Denny Harper 
reflected. 

"We were too uodetmaoned to 
compete with Division 1 teams of 

their caliber ... 
Things started to get really ugly 

for the Tritons on Saturday at the 
USC TOUJDI!DC!I!l UCSDlostdRe 
times in ODe day, falling to Long 
Beacb State, Fresno Stare, and host 
USC. 

Tho Lon, Beach contest was 
tile most frustraIing for Harper, U 
his relatively inexperienced and 
young team missed numerous 
scoring opportunities, losing 8-3 

See WATER POLO, Page 25 

Arc you kidding? Cooler than a New 
Orleans jazz maestro, he plugs the holes 
with the likes of Katie Ashley, Ioanne daLuz, 
Karin Lindsay, Diana Klintworth and goalie 
Karin Carper, and the second-ranked Big 
Blue Machine keeps right on hummin' 
without missing a step. 

But last year, the Tritons had AlI-
American defender Toni Krumme manning 
the beck line. With Ksumme gone, McManus 

See W. SOCCER, Page 30 

..,...~ 

Junior Daniells PIac8k and the deffHJSII have yielded just two goals in six games. 

- , • Tritons extend record versus DIvision III Cotnpelltlon to 
8-0 "in winning .Icoa ad tournament of the 18.,r1. 
Iy .... ClII ••• n 
___ EitIItDr 

Evei)' player on Ibe UCSD women', 
volleyball team got to play in this weekend', 
Claremont/Pomonl-Pitzer Invitational 
Tournament, but the question is, 'When did 
they have timeto get them all in?' 

In sweeping five matches in the mini-
mum two games each, and never allowing 
more than nine points in anyone game, 
substitutions had to be made before the 
games. 

Triton Head Coach Doug Dannevik ex-
plained that "even though we used entirely 
different lineups in games versus the same 
team. we're just as good." 

It misht bave been easier to get everyone 
00 this youag. aImoIt totally DeW squad 
some playing time, as lbetwo IIaI'tiDi middle 
blocbra WCK bodt down wida injurica. 

AIl-Americ:M fJiubedt Till spaiDecI her 
IDIde in practice, aod freIhman len ere. is 
bocbered by • bM t.ct. Bocb lie eapected 
beet for this weetead's IJUItchea. 

In dJeir ,.,..mo, matda OIl Friday, tho 
~a1IiIed bytwcHime bmerlllllioaal 
daImpioo EImbunt!rem Dlinois, 1~, IS-
3. 

'Ibinp were even cuier in UCSD', next 

WATER POLO 
Continued from pea- 24 
to the 4gers. 

"We just didn't execute very well against 
Long Beach," Harper said. 

"Every time we had a chance to put 
pressure on them, we would miss, and they 
would come right down to our end and 
scort." 

In their second game of the day, the 
Tritons turned in one of their best effons of 
the young season, but still came up on the 
shon end, losing 12-11 to Fresno State. 
r, The tournament ended on a particularly 
sour note as UCSD was swamped 14-6 by 
USC. " 

In dcscribin, the Tritons' performance 
against the Trojans, Harper summed it up, 
saying "we got tooled pretty good. " 

Despite the Tritons' forgettable jalDlt 
through la-Ia land, Harper still feels that the 
trip bad some bright spoIS worth remem-
bering. 

He was especially happy with the play of 
two of tile younger Tritons, redsbirt sopbo-

IUIdl, • Otcides .... WII IniMed almost 
befOre It started. 1be TrillOnl hardly worbc1 
up. sweat in tbe 1S-2, 15-6 vietoly. 

UCSDfinisbedpoolplayundefeatedwilh 
a 15-6, 15-9 sweep on Cal State San Bernar-
dino. 

Through the first day of competition, 
Villi Van Duyne hammered 14 kills, and 
Jennifer Codling nailed 12. 

The victory over the Coyotes propelled 
the streaking Tritons to Saturday's semifi-
nal game against Menlo College. 

UCSD had a bit of a bone to pick with 
Menlo, as the Oaks knocked the Tritons out 
oflast year's western rcgionals. That marked 
tile first time in nine years that UCSD, a five-
time Division m natiooal champion, did not 
make an appearance in the natiooal final 
four. 

In their 15-6, 15-3 victory, the Tritons 
cIidn'tJust pick a bone wiIb the o.b,lbey 
picbd one and spIiDIaecl their 0PPOUIIU 
willl it. 

The cbIIIJpiOIlsbip mafICb WII al'ClllllCb 
willl La Verne, wbic:b UCSD downed in 
three, 15-11, IS-13, "-8, in the tint round 
of !be I..eopaJdI' home aoum.meat a week 
..,. 

1be Tritons did not have much more 

more Kevin V anceand freshman goalkeeper 
Andy Bruce. 

"Kevin is far and away the team leader in 
goals (Vance had 38 through nine games) 
and is filling in well for (redshin Jason) 
'Turtle' Brown in the hole (2 meter) posi-
tion," Harper said. 

Harper has also been impressed by Bruce 
who is "doing an incredible job in goal for a 
freshman." 

Even though the Tritons have gonen off 
to a slow stan - they have been outscored 
142- 103 so far - Harper is optimistic about 
his team 's chances ofrctuming to the NCAA 
tournament for a second straight year. (Last 
year was the first time UCSD, or any Divi-
sion m school, earned a bid in the national 
championship). 

"I think we have a great chance of win-
ning tile WWPA [Western WaIN Polo As-
sociation] again, butwc'U have to work bard 
to beat Cal State Los AnFles, Air Force, 
UC Davis and Clamnoot. .. Harper said. 

1be Tritons get no reprieve in their aJdu-
OIlS roajJJ schedule, traveling to Stanford 
before returning home Oct. 5. 

41114.., wtlb1blir well ID .......... 1111 
Ilia time arouad, as .. clinched die title of 

... I~ ___ willi. tU, 1S-7 
wiD. 

Van Duyne, and freemen Amy 
Baoacbowski and lleatber Holm:law all 
were chosen to the six-persoo AD-Tourna-
ment squad. 

With the five victories, all over Division 
ill opponents, UCSD remained unbeaten 
against Division m competition in eight 
matches, and raised its record to 18-3 over-
all, in what Dannevik call the "preseason." 

''The preliminaries are over, now we're 
going to see some Division IT teams that are 
as good or bener than we are," he said 

"We used these games [tournaments] to 
gain experience, confidence, get the young 
players some playing time, break in a new 
assistant coach, and see the areas where we 
need wode, " Dannevik explained. 

Judging from the 20 games in the four 
tournaments the TritoDS have played in, 
they doa'tbave that many areas left to wodc 
on. 

In reachi." the finals of aD four touma-
mems they have played in, wiIIaiDg two, 
they have IeIt a grmd tobil of 1 I individual 
games, nine of those in their three louea. 

In Jut week's La Verne Tournament, 
they whipped tbe basta in tbe opener, lOll 
then got a little inIer-tegion competition 
with formernalional cooteoders Juniata and 

5 Z 
iiOK1 •• 

Bliz t ".0 .... baIb tram Peaoaylvaia. 
fWIiaIa pIOWId !be more difficult tbe, capw'" die tint paa ...,.. UCSlh. 

c:owred fur a 12-15, 1S-9, IS-7, 15-6 pool 
play win. 

Elizahd!smwo feU in straiaht sets. IS-3. 
IS-IO, 15-5, and UCSD moved info tbe 
semifinals. 

In the semifinals, the Tritons squeezed 
by Grand Canyon College 16-14,17-15, 15-
9 in a hard-won battle. 

Once again the final match pined UCSD 
against an opponent it had already seen in 
1990, and one again, the results were the 
same. 

Though the Tritons moved out to a 1-0 
lead with a 15-6 victory, NAIA Westmont 
College swept the next three games 15-4, 
15-6, 15-13 for the championship. 

Westmont, traditionally an easy win for 
UCSD, also downed the Tritons in UCSD's 
only non-tournament match so far, 15-4, 8-
IS, 15-8, 16-1400 Sept. 7. 

lballoss came OIl the heels of UCSD's 
first lou of the --. a dne-game dJUb-
bini by Division I SDSU in the finIk oltbe 
San Diqo Counry Cbampionsbips, 15-6. 
15-9. IS-11. 1be TrilODl JOC by USIU in 
four to reach the finals of that tounIey. 

. UCSD wonlbe first its first eigbt pmea 
oflbe -. apinsc Division n andNAIA 
opponents, aod subleqlJeDdy captured the 
tide at the Christ College TounwnenL 

THIS IS YOUR NAME. 
This is your byline. 
This is your chance ... to be a part of the UCSD 
Guardian sports department. 

This is what you do. 
Come to the first meeting of the year Wednesday, 
September 26, 7 p. m. at the Guardian offices on 
the second floor of the Student Center 
All writers, new and old, are welcome. 

For more information call 534-6582. 

This is your opportunity. Don't miss it. 

$60,000 SCHOLARSHIPS 
AVADJABLE 

Smart college freshman apply for the Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps 
(NROTC) Four-Year College Program to launch their careers. It could lead to an 
1\lROTC scholarship. 

Upon gradualion youll be canissioned a Navy officer--tl vrofessional career you can 
be proud of. 

~ NRarc program is highly competitive, and applications must be sutmitted 
early . Your transcripts and SAT/ACf scores must be sutmitted when applying. 

NAVY ROTC 
You are Tomorrow. 
You are the Navy. 

Contact Lt. Navarro, USD 260-4811 

CALL TODAY FOR MOUE I .'ORMATION 

695-2255 



t 

Taking Care 
of 

Business 

with 

ILOFAX. 
Persona' organizers now available at 

Supplies Dept. 
534-3786 BOOI\STORE 

LJCSD 

If you're serious about your 
grades, try Schaum's.· 

Available in hundreds of subject categories, the Outline 
Series helps you simplify the most complex areas of study. 

New Titles 

Introductory Geology (Available 9!9IJ) 
Genetics, 3/ed (Available 1/91) 
Fluid Dynamics, 2/00 (Available 1/91) 
Organic Chemistry, 2/ed (Available 9191) 
Beginning Calculus I ''Math Helper" (Available 1/91) 
Beginning Calculus II "Math Helper" (Available 9/91) 
Precalculus "Math Helper" (Available 1/91) 
Linear Algebra, 21ed (Available 2191) 
Englisb Grammar, 2/ed '(Available 2191) 
Chemistry Foundations (Previously announced) 
Structufal Steel Design' (Previously announced) 
Calculus for Business, Economics and the Social Sciences 

C\[\IRSITY 
Special orders and Information: 

534-3149 

Thinking about going to law school? 

You are invited to the 
LOYOLA LAW SCH<X>L 
OPEN HOUSE and 
SPECIAL LAW CLASSES 
Saturday, October 27,1990 
9:15 a.m. to 11 :30 a.m. 

MEET LOYOLA'S DISTINGUISHED FACULTY 
Classes will be taught by full-time faculty members and you 

may select one of the fol/owing: 
• Civil Procedure 
• Contracts 

• Criminal Law 
.lnJemational Low 
• Legal Process 
• Torn 

• Constitutional Law 
• CO/porations 
• EntertainmenJ Low 
• Labor Low 
• Property 

Meet and talk with faculty members, students and staff. 
Continental breakfast will be served. 

CALL NOW TO RESERVE YOUR CHOICE OF CLASSES 
SEATING IS UMrrED 

R.S. V .P.-I..oyoIa Law School Ad .. ! • 01. 0fIIce (113)~1ll4 
Upco RICCipl of your CIll, we wiD mail your class rudimdion, along with brief 
course maIaiaIs fur yoo to rail before .-oding the clas, as you would for any 
Jaw scbooI class. This wiD allow yoo to perticipde IJlIR fully in the Clq)eIicncc. 

LoyCJIa Law School, Los Angela 
Loyola MarymounI University 

UNITED CAMPUS MINISTRY 
MUpljfting the Light 
of Knowledge , 
Unfolding the Gift 
of Grace" 

Welcomes you to Fall Quarter 
Look far these programs in the coming year: 

Career Conversations 
• Humanities/Writing 
.l3usiness· 
• Co.mputer Science/Engin~ering 
Workshops 
• Project Plain Talk: Sexuality and Faith 
• Cult Awareness and Exit Counseling 
• What Does It Mean To Be Re-Formed? 

~ 

• National Christian Student Conference , 
"Many Gifts, One Spirit," Dec. 28 to Jan. 1 

Worship 
• Sunday Evening~ (Begins Sept. 30) Singing, 
Bible Study, Sharing 

SocIM 
• Outings to Julian, Balboa Park, BBQ's, Movie Nite 

" 

• UNITED CAMPUS MINISTRY is dle presence of the Presbyterian 
Church, U.S.A., the United Methodist Church, The United 
Church of Christ, the Christian Churches (Disciples of Christ) , 
and the Church the Brethren on the UCSD Campus. 

For INFORMATION about these and other activities, call 534-2521 
or drop by the office of Religious Affairs, MAAC 502, for a 
monthly newsletter. 

Monday, September U, 1990 

O.§CORES 
4.X.. STATS 
CROSS COUNTRY 

(_1l1li; W_l., 
.. c:.I .... FuIIIftDn In._.", (III': 
_ : Alii.".,. college chtIion. I"'" poInII : 
UCSD 'S1 , Pamona.f'llzer 38. CSU s.. 
_ 107, BIola 131i. 1A V_ 161. 
UCSD'-"-: 2. Eric IOnney 28:43, 5. 
s.m Ow)onn 27:30. I . SIeve F_ 27:51 . 
10. s.w s..n 27:52. 11 . _ Ringor 28:lM 
_ : AlII.".,. college ........... 1Mm: 
UCSD31 . __ 58. _83. CSU 
s.n"""'no 117, IA Vomel36. 
UCSO ir1chicUI: 2. DeMe McFayden 18:511, 

3. _~11:33. 5. __ 

20:30, 10.~ ~2I:07. 11 ._ 
ZucMmwI 21 :01 
.. _ .......... ,.,.' ... (11221: 
-= NInIII 0112_ 
UCSO 1ncIoIcUII: 41. s.m Ow)onn 2e:45. 53. 
_ Wynn 2e:lil. 70. Eric ICInMr 27:21. 
74. _ R1ngIr 27:40. 7Ii. ..... V_ 27:45 
...... : NInIII 0113_ 
UCSD ir1chicUI: 2 .. _ ConIoy 18:21. 
30. DeniM McF8\'dIII 18:42. 78. o-n 
A-.o 20:04. 82. _--. 
20:01. 83. ~ ~ 20:07 

MEN S SOCCER 
(74-1. __ .-.... 

~ 01 s.. Diogo 1 UCSD 0 (8/29' 
UCSD 2 Grwo!I c.nyon CoIoge 0 (9/3) 
UCSD 3 Pain! Loma Naz-.- 0 (9/5' 
UCSD 3 l.oyoIII MorymounI Univ. 0 (9171 UCSD 2 __ 0 (918' 
UCSD 2 _U~0(1II1,' 
UCSD 8 WhII1Ier 0 (11112, 
__ CoIoge 2 UCSDO(1II1 5, 
UCSD 5 SouIhem cal CoIoge 0 (811 7) 
UCSD 0 c-...- CoIoge 0 (OT) (11123) 

WOMEN S SOCCER 
(5-1. __ _..,.' 

UCSD 1 U~oIs.n FrandocoO(1I4, 
UCSD I s.n F_IIIIM 0 (M) 
s.n Diogo SID 1 UCSD 0 (9114) UCS02 __ 0(1117) 
UCSD 3 CSU s.. IIenwdno I (il21' 
ocso 8 ~ 0 (tf.!2I 

WOMEN S V-BALL 
(1~ ............ 1"IIIedIIrI 

• ChIllI CoIoge 01_ Tourney (8131..,,: 

i~"""15-1 . '5-1 CSU I..oeAngMo 1&-14. 15-7 ~ Q"hcIe CII._ 15-11 . 15-12 CIIIIJIIIIIIt 15-6. 15-f2 
CWIIIIm .... 1iIIIIao ,.,a.,." .. t - _'5-8, 14-11. 1&-14 
_ : d. CSUlA 1.14. 15-12 
..... : d. CIiI,.,., "-- 1&-14. 15-11 
.-..... c:.uo.er a., ........... (114': 
"USIU lS-15. 16-7. 16-10. 16-11 
l1li10 SOSU 1104. IH. 15-11 
"'10_,5-4 • • ,5. ,104.1&-14(11/71 
.1A_T.....,(M ... 11): 
d.1A _,5-".'5-13. '104 
d.""- 12-15, 15-8. 15-7, 15-41 
cI. _. 15-3. 15-10, 15-5 
...... :d.a..ndc.n,on 1&-14. 17·15. 15-1 
_ : loll. _ &-15.15-4, 15-41, 16-13 
• CIIr_ .......... T...., (W21-21 
d. ElmIUII1H. 15-3 
cI. Clcc:ideIUII5-2. 1 H 
cI. CSU s.. a.m..tno 15-41. 15-9 
...... :cI._I5-41, '5-3 
_ :d.IAVomelH,I5-7 

ME~~ S IN ATE R POLO 
~'I;_l"'-"'lno,en ......... , 

• UC8D _ tcu. f .... (M4I: 
...., II UC80 8 lOT) 
UC80 II UC DelIla 5 
,. "-. UCSD 7 

UCS017~3 
.. UC_T_(M ... 11): 
..-15 UCS04 
UCLA 14 UCIIl3 

Lang~_8 UCSDI 
PI" .... UCS08 
CSU I..oe AngMo II UCSD 7 
UC88 14 UCSO 5 (1120' 
"'" ... 15 UCSD 11 
.uecT_ .(IIat: 
Lang ~ 8l • UCSO S 
_8l12UCSD11 
uac 14UCSOI 

r.lISCELLANt=OUS 
...."., .. 1W1'NT1UII_._ 
.-_'LL· T_ .............. c-eo... 

ClaDlfIII V---
...-ruu.tllt:11In. .......... en. 

.... ea.llTaIn ............ , 
...-ruu.(WI:11ua..,..... ........... 

O"- ...... c..II." ...... ...... 
~_1IIIIdJTIIuII. 7 ....... CIH 11. 

ClaD ......... ... 
~(WI: 11ua. 7:ID ...... ",.,. 

ClaD ..... "......'. 
........ WI:,.., ....... ~ 

.....,. ea.Ii Allan .... 184-4211 fIOU'". WI: 0lIl.2. 7 ...... ......... 
a.. ....... ea.Ii ... wwon 114-4211 

IOI'1UU..: T_ ........ ......... WIll. 
ea.II ............ ....... 
~(IIIt: OaLl0. 1 ....... ~ 

~ eo.:tI.Ioft ..... '&mIII ........ 
~(WI:- 0lIl. 10. 4 p.m. • ........., 

DelIla ....... ea.Ii Uz L.eI'Ine II34-tII3 
TMCIt 8 ...., (118 WI: Tlua. 7 p.1II., C8I 

002. ea.II ..... SIMIonh. 534-0321 
VOUIftAUIIII: Friday 5 p.m .• ~ 

Roam. ~ 0Igger0nlybll_ 
WATlllPOLO(WI:0aI.17, 2p.m .• ~ 

Pool. ~ o.nn, ..... 534-4037 
___ . 7p.m. _1210, 

..-CIndr E_ t82-<1417 

I 

The UCSD Guardian 

Every Monday Night 

FOOTBALL 
Price Center Gameroom 

Time: 6:00 pm 
Place: T. V. Lounge 

Showing on a 46" SONY I 

SPORTS 27 

-----, s Auto 

~ 
(619)275·1132 • 

.. -...-.. 

Guess the score and win a Compact Disc 
Free SMARTFOOD Popcorn 

Sponsored by 

4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

--------------------

10% OFF 

• 

" 
., ~ .. 
'"A~''''' 

• 

"Keep 

on all repairs* with this coupon 
.Es«pt motor 4IId trommiuion owrhIJul. Nol volid with 011)' otJ&q coupon. 

, 

.-

mm-. 
• 

in-line. 1 
1 .0 654-0471. 

It's never much fun figuring out who 
made what call on your phone bill. But we 
can help with A1&TCaIlManoger It's just one 
pan of a wtrle prqpam of (XOducts am ser-
vices calIedn&I'Sludenl ~ Ilus. 

A1&TCaIl~ automatically 
separate your long distance calls from the 
ones your roommates make. And well do it 
for free. All you ha\e to do is dial a sirnl* code. 

To enroll in A1&FCalJManogeror to learn 

about the·Sludent~Ifus~ that are 
right tOr you, caD US at 1800 654-Ooi71 Ext. 
1229. And put your roommates in their place. 

.wg: Helping maIcr~ Ii~ a little easier. 

This service may flO{ be available in residence halls on your Clmpus. 
C 1990 AT&T 



28 The UCSD Guardian September 24, 1990 

RE-REGISTRATION FOR 
ORGANIZATIONS 

It's time to re-register your organization. Please call Linda Sargent 
for more information at 534-0501. 

AS ADVANCES CALENDAR 
Watch out for the new AS calendar. It will be free to all students. It 

will be out in early October. 

STUDENT DISCOUNT CARDS 
Make sure to ask your RA for a Student Discount card or look for 

them at the Price Center. These cards will give you discounts in various 
locations throughout La Jolla. 

PRICE CENTER CINEMA COMMITTEE 
Thinking of a career in the Movie Industry? We are now accepting 

new members. If you are interested in developing an exciting cinema 
program please call Matt Xavier at 534-1959 

UCSD STUDENT CREDIT UNION 
Now there is a special full-service financial institution just for 

UCSD students. Call (619) 463-5895 for more information. 

AS LECTURE NOTES 
We are now open! Come and sign up for Fall notes. 
Monday - Friday· lOam-4pm. 
For more information call 534-6258 grove c"'f~f~ ( 

GROVECAFFE 

STUDENT REPRESENTATIVES NEEDED 
Get involved in the planning of the future ofUCSD! Undergraduate 

student representatives are needed to serve on the following committees. 
For an application and/or more information, contact the Associated 
Students at xt. 44450, Price Center, Third Floor 

Pptitlopt tb,t are APM; 
Alcohol & Substance Abuse Committee 
Bookstore Advisory Commillee 
Campus/Community Planning Committee 
Campus Energy Committee - 2 year appolnbnent 
Canyonview Advisory Committee 
Capital Outlay & Space Advisory Committee 
Chancellors Advisory Committee on Instructional Improvement Program 

2 appolnbnents requested 
Chancellor's Affinnative Action Advisory Committee - 1 appolnbnent & 

1 alternative appolnbnent 
Committee on the Status of Women - 1 appolnbnent & 1 alternative appoint-
ment 
Day Care Center Advisory Committee - 2 appOintments requested 
Enrollment Projections Review 
Intercollegiate & Recreational Advisory COmmittee 
leadership Development Committee 
Media Policy Committee 
New Housing Program Committee 
On Campus ResldentJal Food Service Advisory Committee - appolnbnent must 
be current resident of the facilities 
Parking & Transportation Advisory Committee 
Program Review Committee - s late of 2 to 3 to be submitted to committee ,r 

their selection 
Registration Fee Advisory Commlttee 
Residential Apartments Advisory Committee - 2 appOintments. both must be 

current residents of the facilities . one married and one family 
Science Research Park Planning Committee 
Security Advisory Committee - 2 appOintments one commuter student and one 

resident student 
Student Study & Library Space Needs 
Student Subcommittee Chancellor's Affirmative Acllon AdviSOry Commillee 

- 1 appointment & 1 alternate appoinbnent 
Summer Session Advisory Commlttee 
T.A. Development Advisory Committee 
UCSD Student Regulations Review Committee 
Undergraduate Affairs Master Plan Commlttee 
Undergraduate Affairs National Issues Forum 
University Community Planning Group 
Vehicle ACCident Review Board 
Warren Residence Hall B . ling Advisory Committee 

other potltloDl th.t are OpeD; 
Welcome back to school Special! 
Use this coupon and get a great deal ! WELCOME BACK SPECIAL One (1) at-large represent:lUve to the Cultural Programming Board 

c::':i~~o.":(~ll8'':''''''''''==. Two (2) at-Large representatives to the Student Organization Finance Board 
...... "':":;'==:';;';;;;'::;;'====...J A.S .. Judicial Board Chair UCSD YEARBOOK 

We are looking for new people to join our staff. Our fITst meeting is 
October 2, 1990 at 5:30pm. Price Center, Gallery B. Everyone is wel-
come. 

PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE 
MEETING 

This Tuesday at 5pm in the Price Cente. Confrence Room 8. Come 
meet Matt. 

PUBLIC RELATIONS COMMITTEE 
MEETING 

September 26, 1990 at 3pm in the Price Center. Third Floor, in the 
PR Office. Everyone is welcome! More informtion call 534-4450. 

REGISTER AND VOTE 
Deadline is October 9, 1990. Student empowerment begins 'vith 

you. 

ASSORTED VINYL 
We are now open Monday thru Friday. Our hour ' are II am to 6pm 

At-Large representative to A.S. Judicial Board 
Culture guest Festival Chair 
Sun God Festival Chalr 

Tbe (oUqw1p, are PAID potitlOPl; 
A.S. Parliamentarian 
A.S. Elections Manager 

AS RECRUITMENT 
ARE YOU INTERE.5TED IN THE POLITICAL ISSUES 

FACING US TODAY? 00 YOU HAVE A FEW HOURS TO 
WORK ON STUDENT EMPOWERMENT? THE AS EXTER-
NAL AFFAIRS OFFICE NEEDS A FEW GOOD STUDENTS 
WHO WANT TO SEE A CHANGE FOR THEJ)'7fTER ON THE 
CAMPUS! 

If you are interested in finding out more come to the 
CAMPUS WATCH bot..h at the gym steps M-F from 10-4. 

AS EXTERNAL AFFAIRS: Where ever it takes u .. .. 
What ever it takes 

Questions? Concerns? Comments? 
call Molly at 534-4450 

~onday,Sepbanbcr24,1990 

AS MEETING 
September 26 at 6:30pm 
Price Center • Third Floor 

JUI studellts are invited to attend 

CHANCELLOR'S FORUM 
Chatting \.\ ith the Chancellor 
October ,', 1990 
Price Center· The Cove · Room 10 
Cntne al/d lIlet tlllg Richard Alkillson our 

Chu/lcello/,. We Il'Ill be discussing upcoming 
evellts and issucs. 

FFOG 
Fall Festival On the Green 
October 5. 1990 
lOam to 2pm 
Price Center Plaza 
COllie alld lIleet all the different clilbs and 

organizations on campus. 

SORORITY RUSH 
Orientation: October 2nd - 6pm or 
October 3 - 6pm 
Price Center Ballroom 
RUSH: October 4-8 
Catch the wave! 

FRATERNITY RUSH 
Information night: October 3rd - 7:30pm 
Price Center Ballroom 
R USH: October 4-10 
Catch the wave! 

BGIF 
The Dead Milkmen will be playing. 
September 28, 1990 
Gym Step • 4:30pm 
FREE! Join us in the jirst TG o/the year. 

The UCSD Guardian 

••• 

~------~------------------I 
I AS NEWSFLASHES is produced by the Associated I 
I Students of UCSD, To have an advertisement placed in AS I 
I NEWS FLASHES contract George Maurer (Public Relations I 
I Commissioner) at 534-4450. Deadline is every Wedl.dlday at noon. i L _________________________ ~ 

Born on the 
Fourth of July 

Gues< S""aurs: Jolin I'do ..... n, a member of Vietman Veterans Against 
~ War will speak about peaceful ahemative. for crisis 
resolution. Or. SaIu .. Yo"';' . a native of Iraq and 
member of !he U.s. Committee for !he DefeMe of Human 
ri$hts in Iraq. will speak on !he implications of U.S. 
mJlilary involvement in !he Middle East. 

Faustina Solis Hall 107 
(Fonnerly TLH 107) 

Friday 7:00 p.m. September 28 
FREE 
Sponso~ by Ihc Commit1Ce for World Democracy and Thin! World Studie 

Funded by AS distn1lllled Student Activity fccs 

29 



30 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

w. SOCCER Eva King bury, Danielle PIa ek, Jaymie Bradford, Amy Wayte, 
Michelle Carbone, and Carper have 
combined to post four shutout . 

Parker. 
The trip up north to the City by 

the Bay continued two days later 
with an identical 1-0 victory over 
San Francisco State. KaJyn Shea 
punched in the lone goal off an 
assist from Larkin. 

But no one could have expected 
Saturday 's offensive explosion, as 
the Tritons bombarded the over-
whelmed and outclassed Bulldogs 
with 26 shots on goal. 

Continued from page 24 
was left to find a suitable replace-
ment. The team 's only blemish came 

in a 1-0 loss to Divi ion I SDSU 
with 20 minutes remaining in the 
team's home opener on Sept. 14. 

He did so in the form of 
Klintworth, a fifth-year senior and 
volleyball All-American who used 
up her eligibility in volleyball and 
apparently couldn 't get used to the 
idea of a sports-free fall. 

The Tritons opened the season 
on the road, Sept. 4, at the Uni-
versity of San Francisco with a 1-
o win. Junior midfielder Sally 
Weigand scored the only goal of 
the game off an assist from Cheryl 

After scoring only two goals in 
the first three games of the season, 
the Triton offense finally showed 
signs of breaking loose with 2-0 
and 3-1 wins over Azusa Pacific 
and CSU San Bernardino, respec-
tively. 

The defense, however, took a 
short breather. More than likely, 
the Tritons' next game will revt"rt 
back to the defensive as UCSD 
faces 1989 Division D runner-up 
CSU Dominguez Hills today at 3 
p.m .. The Toros handed the Tritons 
their only loss in last year's cham-
pionship season. 

Why not give soccer a try? 
The results have been out-

standing. Klintworth, Jennifer and 

::::\\ 
.. -:.: :J 
-,. ,. 

.. 

\bu dotit to be a 
--~'orto look like one. 

With Security Pacific's Student Banking 
Pac~ge you can be a finance major in 
no orne. 

lain atleasta $100.00 balance.* This balance require-
ment drops down to $1.00 during the summer. 
So you can keep stocked up on suntan oil without 
having to close your account and re-open it when 
it's time for school. 

Here's lesson number one: Apply for a 
Visa or Mastercard along with a checking 

....... account and the rate on the card will And if you feel like getting a little extra credit 
in communications, use the free phone we're 
throwing in to spice up that drab dorm room. 
You'll also be getting a surprise free gift that'll 
help you organize your finances. 

drop a whole percentage point We'll 
rebate the first year's membership fee 
and make applying relatively painless. 

Lesson two: You'll have unlimited 
ATM usage with no service charge on 
the checking account when you main-

So come open your checking account today. After 
all, at Security Pacific all majors get A+ treatment 

.SECUN I Y PACIFIC BANK 
~ want to bqoor bank for life:' 

4305 La ]olJa Village Dr. 453-2131 -8813 Villa La Jolla Dr. 455-7294 
Member FDIC. CI9'XJ SOOlOly !'>alie N.oonal Ibnk 8Scxunly !'>a6e eopoooon Cmlu ard OIfCl l-d by Scxun'l' P.IOIi II>nk N.h 

''''''''mum of em dice ond two Ir>branch ....-..cuan. per munch 1 elcphona "r.ubbl< at p'mop'ong Scxunly "00& IJonk offices whIle "'pphes bst. 

Monday, September 24, 1990 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulations: 

-Send the entry on an 8 1/2" by 
J 1" sheet of paper along with your 
name, year in school, hometown, 
col/ege you anend at UCSD, major, 
and phone number to Sports Editor, 
UCS() Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive 0316, La Jolla , LA 92093-
0316. You can also drop itoffinthe 
Sports Editor's box at the Guardian 
office , located in the Studellt 
Cellfer, across from Ihe gym. 

-All UCSD sflldenls . staff, and 
faculty are eligible 10 enter. except 
for Guardiall staff members and 
employees of Bps Chicago 
Pizzeria. 

-rhe persollwho comes up wilh 
Ihe mosl correCl answers, as 
determined by lite judges. wiff be 
declared tlte grand pri=e winner 
and will be recognized whell the 
quiz is printed the following week. 
In the event of a tie . a drawing will 
be held to determine Ihe winner. 
Those correct entries not selected 
as the grand prize winner will be 
considered runners-up. 

-Only one entry per person per 
quiz . Entries must be at the 
Guardian by 5 p .m. Saturday. 

-The grand prize winner will 
receive a free dinner for two at 
BJ's Chicago Pizzeri4. Runners-
up will receive a free pitcher of 
Michelob Draft beer or soda at 
BJ's. located in La Jolla Village 
Square. A list of all winners will be 
posted at BJ's each week and 
winners need to show identification 
to claim prizes. 

This week's questions: 
1. Who ~on golfs 1990 U.S. 
Open? 
2. How many bases did Lou 
Brock steal in his career? 
3. What will be the Padres ' 
uniform colors beginning in 1991? 
4. Which television network 
does Brent Musberger work for? 
S. True or false: lack McKeon is 
the Padres' general manager. 
6_ Who was the highest-rated 
passer in the NFL in 1989-90? 
7_ True or false: Andre Agassi 
has never won a tennis Grand Slam 
tournament. 
8. What is the mascot for San 
Diego's new ice hockey team? 
,. Who was the first MLB player 
to steal 50 bases and hit 30 home 
runs in a single season? 
10. Which UCSD men's soccer 
player received a red card in 
yesterday's game vs. Claremont? 

The MDaiIer ..... WUlldng 
on 1110 college ca .... ' 

Your campus group can earn up to 
$Hxx) in just one week. No investment 

needed. Be first on yourcampus. A FREE 
gift just for caIing. CIII ... 

1_71W472 Ext •• 

Septanber 14, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 31 

TH E CATHOLIC 
COMMUNITY AT 

UCSD 
Will celebrate 
the beginning 
of another year 

MASS OF THE HOLY SPIRIT 
Sunday, September 30 at 5 p.m • . 

at the Revelle Sculpture Garden (Stonehenge West) 

Our regular Mass Schedule resumes the following weekend: 
Saturday at 5 p.m.; Sunday at 8:30 a.m., 5' and 9 p.m. 

at the University L':Itheran Church 
comer of North Torrey Pines Road 

and La Jolla Shores Drive 

NNIFER HAS AN 
JEGLY SECRET. · · 

Do you crave popcorn? 
Join our Popcorn Clubl Buy re-usable containers and get 
a discount each time you reA1i1 

Tumbler: $1.45 

Bucket: $2.«» 
The Arst popcorn is free 
with purchasel 

ReliL: Tumbler - .25 
Bucket -.60 

,..-., ';J , . , .. -, , . ... 
-{ / " '" ( " -",' "'-
., .' f:-~--~ •• 1 " ~ f'" "l ~ ,'''' \ "'/" i 

.. r " " r ~ r~\ "--'" - "'-- .-1;" 'i 
'-1:' ;:.( r····· N -"..-:: .. / \ i t ( •. ' .,- . 1---" 
, '.' I ': '-. ./ \;.. -· .... 1 .,' ".~ 
.. ""'--.. ". \: 
-. '._~. ' ... II 

Sunshine Store 

Mon-Fri 
Sat . 
Sun 

Hours: 
7 o.m. - 10 p.m. 
9:30 o.m. - 10 p.m. 
9:30 a.m. - 6 p.m. 

The University Bookstore and Sunshine Store support the campus Precycling 
Program by prOt'iding re-usoble containers for coffee and popcorn. 



,. CLASSIFIEDS 
32 CLASSIFIEDS 

ClassifIed advertising Is sold In 15· 
word Increments. The rate per '5 
words Is$1 forstudents,$3forfaculty 
and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
In advance Is required; theretore, 
ads must be mailed with a check 
(made payable to The UCSD 
Guardian) or presented In person. 
Please have exact change. Deadlines 
are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
Issue, 3 p.m. Monday for 
Wednesday's Issue, and 3 p.m. 
Wednesday for Friday's Issue. The 
Guarcllan reserves the right to refu .. 
any advertising Including but not 
limited to companionship ads. For 
more Information call 534-5416. The 
Guardian, UCSD, B~'6,La JoIllI, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
College scholarships, $4 billion 
in aid ! For free information and 
application; scholastics plus, 
P.O. Box 2134, Danbury, CT 
06813. (9/24) 

BJ's Pizza is still UCSD's finest 
original pizzeria. Tear out the 
BJ's coupon and get your taste 
buds to BJ 's. For UCSD's 
serious pizza eaters! (11/30) 

We're back! Sell the contents of 
your garage! Find a genius who 
can read your handwriting and 
can type! Buy it, sell it, read it, 
tell it, find it, lose it, in the 
Guardian classifieds! (10/5) 

50%-90% off current fashions 
only at Apparel Designer Zone! 
See our ad in today's paper or 
call the hotline at 450-3323. (1 01 
19) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New 
at Cal Copy. Only $5.95. While 
you wait. Xeroxes and more. 
Near St. Germains. 452-9949. 
(11/30) 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT 
UCSD! Jewish Campus Centers 
provides warmth, education, 
prayer, socializing. Connect 
with Union of Jewish Students! 
502 Matthews; east ofthe Price 
Center. Call Rabbi Slotnick, 
534-2521. (9/24) 
ALERT: The U.S. Senate just 
passed a bill (S2834) legalizing 
Iran-Contra-style covert 
operations, including the use of 
private companies and foreign 
governments to finance and 
conduct covert actions. If this 
bill becomes law, covert 
operations will for the first time 
be anchored in statutory law as 
a permanent instrument of U.S. 
foreign policy. Call and write 
the U.S . Congress before 
October 5! 800-852-3446/202-
224-3121 to stop the expansion 
of the president's power. Tell 
the House how you feel! (10/3) 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 

8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 
COSTA 
VERDE e (ARWASH WE RECYCLE 
____ OUR WATER 

·r-UCSD 

i 
L. Joli. VIII.ge Dr. 

I II I I ~bll Dr. ~ ~ 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

UTC 

SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
-----------------------

~W6~ f~J! Y.{~§tl '"~OO 

The UCSD Guardian 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 
to 1500 hairs per hour. 3256 
Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. (1/14) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: 
Word Processing , reports , 
speeches, dissertations, 
manuscripts, presentations . 
Experienced. Laser printer. 
Student rates! 753-5964. (9/24) 

WANTED 
Earn $200. Fundraising 
opportunity for your group orquick 
cash for yourself. Distribute 
popular student magazine on 
campus in 1-2 days. Call Mr. 
Wilkinson, (BOO) 342-5118. (101 
1) 

United Campus Ministry is 
seeking guitarist/song leader for 
worship and social programs. Will 
pay $7 per hour, minimum $45 
per month. Call: Rev. Wagener, 
534-2521. (10/1) 

Part-time childeare heeded for 
two delightful children in No. City 
West. Flexible hours. 792-2301. 
(10/3) 

PART-TIME - earn easy extra 
money. Positive feelings for 
LESBIANSIGAYS and THEIR 
FRIENDS/FAMILIES is a must. 
Write Reebekka POB 76087, 
Atlanta, GA, 30358. (10/1) 

Intern positions available at local 
computer sales and consulting 
firm . Positions available in 
marketing, product research, 
CADD drafting, and computer 
programming. Great hands-on 
experience. Call Dave 295-9646. 
(10/3) 

An opportunity of a lifetime -
financial freedom in a few years! 
I need 5 persistent people who 

I will commit to "making it happen.' 
I 496-3377 (24 hr. recorded 
I message.) (10/3) 
I 
I Babysitter in my UC home 

I 

Afternoon childcare in my 
University City home. Two girls, 9 
and 6 , 20 hours/week. Call Peggy 
534-1920 (days) or 535-1860 
(eves.). (9/24) 

Excellent part time jobs! Looking 
for ambitious students to work on 
an on-campus marketing project 
for major companies. Must be 
personable and outgoing. 
Excellent earnings! Jeanine or 
Amy (BOO) 592-2121 . (9/24) 

Looking for fraternity, sorority or 
student organization that would 
like to earn $500-$1,000 for a 
one week on-campus marketing 
project. Organized and hard 
working. Amy or Jeanine (BOO) 
592-2121 . (9/24) 

Window cleaning residential, part 
time, experience not necessary. 
Up to $9 an hour possible. Good 
attitude, good work habits, and 
conservative appearancea must. 
Need transportation. 275-4333, 
leave message. (9124) 

Secretary. Part-time. 10 hours! 
week. P~ne skills and compU!sr 
experience. 1-person office. 558-
7400. (9128) 

Child Comp8.nion. Pick up two 
chUdren (ages 5 and 7) from Del 
Mar School and stay with them at 
their beach-front home. Must 
have car. Hours 3:30-6 p.m. 
weekdays. $6/hour. 481-7498 
(evenings) 594-6058 (daytime). 
(9/24) 

Fast-paced executive search firm 
seeking asst. to pres. Must have 
strong skills in telemarketing, and 
WP ability. Top flight opportunity 
to right person. Dependable, high 
energy people only, please. 8 
a.m.-5 p.m. Marissa 586-1111. 
(9/24) 

FOR SALE 

Monday, September 24, 1990 

Laptop computer. Sharp PC 
4502, dual 3 1/2" drives, 640K 
RAM, backlit supertwist LCD 
screen, internal 1200 baud 
modem, serial, printer, software. 
Matt 558-8022. (9/28) 

REFRIGERATOR - large dorm-
sized (5 cubic feet), used only 2 
months, $150. Dave 534-7146/ 
453-2616. (9/28) 

TELEVISION - 15" RCA b/w -
good picture, great reception $50. 
Dave534-71461453-2616. (9128) 
Great location! La Jolla Colony 
town house 3 BR - 2 BA. .07% 
V.A. Assumable loan 240K 429-
5653. (10/3) 
FOR SALE: 1983 Mazda RX-7. 
Excellent condition, low mileage, 
air conditioning, new clutch, new 
tires. $4200 or best offer. Cecilia 
at 543-5256 (day), 273-0402 
(night). (9128) 

1974 Dodge Charger SE, 318 
cubic inch V8, runs good, $1000. 
Dave 534-71461453-2616.19128) 
AMES 10 text - Programming 
Byte by Byte $20 ($33 at the 
bookstore) 455-9678, Dennis. (91 
24) 

Refrigerator, full size, works fine, 
green. Good deal. $50. 277-4624. 
(9/28) 

Microscopes: American Optical 
$850, Nikon $1,800; Stirring hot 
plate $100, Sartorius Balance 
$1,500.297-8678. (10/1) 

Dorm-size fridge, good cond, $65; 
Keytek CTS-400 keyboard, 
almost new $100! 558-7946. (101 
1) 

Futon and 4-position frame. $100. 
Can deliver. 587-0709. (10112) 
Smith-Corona Electric Typewriter. 
Excellent condition, black/ 
correction ribbons included. $75. 
Call Chris 294-7279, message. 
(10/1 ) 

• Full Service 3 99 
I C ~R WASil No! valid with any olher otter. SAVE $4.01 I MondayslWednesdays 9-5 for 
I Expires Oct 3t . 1990. I one child. $3lhr452-8314. (10/1) 

SURFBOARDS . Four used 
Rusty's, $100 each. Must sell. 
RARE Balinese wallets , $10 
each. John 457-2465. (10/5) 

CONDO FOR SALE. Del Mar. 2 
bedroom, 2 bath. Security. PooV 
spa. Covered parking. West of 15, 
off Del Mar Heights exit. CLOSE 
TO UCSD AND BEACH! Owner, 
755-4736. $119,500. (10/1) 

------------------------

Computer Furniture 
for Home and Office {O ' 
Available at the University Bookstore 

Electronics Department 
534·4320 

.-----_. __ . __ ._-----------. 

! 5af'f1IONS ! 
• • .• THAI GRILLED CHICKEN RESTAURANT • 
• • 
• • ! $200 OFF ! 
• • : D N ANY TWO CHICKEN COMBINATIONS ] : 
• Ooes not include daily specials One coupon per customer.Expires 10N.lO. • 

• • 
• • • LA JOLLA 7728 Regents Rd. #501 • 
• in the Vons Center, La Jolla Colony Call 455-THAI • 
.. __ . __ . __ . __ . __ ._-------_. 

Monday, September 24, 1990 

ContinUed from page 32 

HOUSING 

TIERRASANTA. Male/female, 
nonsmoker, no pets . 
Professional/student to share 
new 3 bedroom 2 1/2 bath home. 
Quiet neighborhood, 10 minutes 
from UCSD. All amenities. $325/ 
month. 467-0517. (9/24) 

REPOSSESSED VA & HUD 
HOMES available from 
government from $1 without credit 
check. You repair. Also tax 
delinquent foreclosures CALL 1-
805-682-7555 EXT H-1443 for 
repo list your area. (9/24) 

In Mira Mesa, 3 BR, 2 BA, large 
living, shared kitchen, washl 
dryer, canyon view, near bus, 1-5, 
I-B05, 15 minutes to UCSD, $2BO-
330; Raut 271-7260/534-2858. 
(10/1 ) 

.- DERMATOLOGY 
I ~ skin 

tl About Your Feel GoO . 
Diseases and Surgery of the Skin 

Skin Cancer, Laser Surgery 
---r-- Facial Peels, L:eg Veins ·· l 

I Mole and Scar Removal 
. ' 

Collagen, Cosmetic Surgery 

~T'-" 
~.:-~J-8ml e1h .. 

ALEX PETERSON, M.D. 
IiJOARD CERTIFIED DERMATOLOGiSt a-,,*---

8950 V~la La Jolla Dr., Suite 1121 
(1 block west of 1-5, behind the Elephant Bar) 

552-8842 

The UCSD Guardian 

Master bedroom with bathroom in VISAOR MASTERCARD! Even 
DelMar. Even good for two people. if bankrupt or bad credit! We 
Fully furnished aptmt. Tennis , guarantee you a card ordouble 
pool , jaccuzzi, beautiful lake your money back. Call 1-805-
surroundings.1/2milefrombeach. 682-7555 EXT. M-1052. (9/24) 
$475. Call 259-9121. 

PERSONALS Beautiful outdoor dining overlooking Torrey Pines golf 
course! Tasty, nutritious cuisine, 

Russia Explorer stranded w/wings all you can eat salad bar ... 
in NY due to TWA's London flight Choices 554-FOOD. (20% 
715. Call Eric (714) 963·8097. (10/ discount wi UCSD 10). (11/30) 
8) 

Asthma 
or 

Allergies/Hay Fever? 

Asthma 

MEDICAL EVALUATION AND CARE 
BY BOARD CERTIFIED ALLERGIST 

AT NO COST TO YOU 

• 21-week study of investigational asthma medication 
• Symptoms of wheezing, chest tightenss , coughing or 

shortness of breath 
• Must be 12 or over 
• PAYMENT OF UP TO $700 TO QUALIFIED PARTICIPANTS 

ANergies/ Hay Fever 
• One week study of investigational nasal spray 
• Hay fever symptoms (runny, stuffy, itchy nose or 

sneezing) 
• Must be between ages of 18 and 60 
• PAYMENT OF UP TO $80 TO QUALIFIED PARTICIPANTS 

CaU271-1690 
CUntcal Research Institute, Inc. 

CLASSIFIEDS 33 

UCSD SPECIAL 
NEW CLIENTS ONLY 

Replace acrylic nails with a 'New 
Product' called Lume Gel Bond 

Nails. $35, reg. $45. Give your nails 
that CLEAR NATURAL LOOK. 

• Acrylics .....•................... $16.95 
• Fills ............................... $10.95 
• Silk Wrap ...................... $25.00 
• Unen Wrap ....•.............. $25.00 
• Fiberglass ..........•.......... $25.00 
• Pedicure ....................... $1 0.95 
• Manicure ....................... $5.95 
F'N l1li$ on Illoi<ln nds. Lm,1 two naiII. 

1476 GAijNET AVE., Padlic Beach 
(Comer of Haines & Gamet) 

Next to KenlUd<y Fried ChicI<en 
Parring lot available 

Call 483-6168 

Idnko~e 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Garnet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

BIGBE.JJ.R 
GIVES YOU MORE WAYS 

TO SAVE! 
• Full Service Deli • Gourmet to Go 

• Oven-Ready Entrees • Fresh Salad & 
Juice Bar • Fresh Florist Shoppe 

• Hot Prepared Foods 

Tailgate Party Special! 

Coke Classic, 
Diet Coke 59 
Caffeine-Free Diet Coke, ~ 
Sprite, Dr Pepper ,.. 
2 Ii ter pia c.II. Redomjlbon v .... 

Convenience, Service, Selection and 
Best Buy Low Prices Everyday at 

BZG 
BBJlR Genesee Ave. at Nobel Dr. 
HOMEIUWN PEOPLE WHO CARE 

Monday.Saturday 7 a.m.- Midnight 
Sunday 8 a.m.-10 p.m. 

Phone 458-1662 



. " 

34 SPORTS 

PHlllS 
PRIME 
PICKS 

BY PHIL GR 

PHIL'S RECORD IS 0-0 

MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL 
FAVORITE 
BILLS 

LINE 
*Even 

DERDOG 
JETS 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS . .. Who put thIS game on Monday 
night? Two teams, both 1-1, in a division that ha n't 
made much of a difference since (he Patnot reached the 
SuperBowlandgotcru hedbytheBear year ago. But 
if a team has to make it to the playoff, it certainly i not 
going to be the Jets. But give the Jets one victory-and 
some people are talking playoffs. With the playoff 
chedule now allowing three wildcard , the Jets figure 

they finally have a chance to make it for the first time 
since 1912. Nobody's worried. Especially not the Buffalo 
Bills. The Bills are coming off a. humiliating loss to 
Miami, and are not likely to take thi game lightly, even 
if they're not playing at home. Besides, any team that's 
gonna roll UC Davis superstar Ken 0 'Brien out there to 
run the troops has got to be hurting. For obvious 
reasons, PHIL say ... 

TAKE THE BILLS 

The UCSD Guardian 

M.SOCCER 
Continued from page 24 
of the contest. could not manage to 
successfully penetrate the Tritons' 
tingy defense. 

In fact, UCSD controlled the 
game offensively throughout 
regulation, and didn't really get a 
legitimale scare until four minutes 
remained in the second overtime, 
when Sean West was forced to trip 
up a Stag forward just outside the 
penalty box on a breakaway. 

West was assessed a yellow 

card, and his play et up a direc t 
kick, which resulted in Triton 
goalie Brian Siljander's fully -ex-
tended leaping save. 

It was not a ituation Siljander 
is accustomed to - at least so far 
this year. The Tritons, who fin-
ished tied for third nationally last 
year in Division m, and are cur-
remly ranked sixth, have recorded 
eight shutouts. In 10 total games, 
UCSD has yielded just three goals 
while scoring 25. 

The Tritons opened the season 
by losing 1-0 to Division I USD, 

Monday, September 24, 1990 

butthenranoff ix straight hutouts 
over Grand Canyon, Point Lorna, 
Loyola Marymount, Azusa Pacific, 
Biola, and Whittier. Another shut-
out, a 5-0 over Southern Cal Col-
lege, followed a 2-0 defeat at the 
hands ofWeSlmont College. 

Forward Mike Alberts has five 
goals and four assists, and Mike 
Gerhardt , a transfer from Biola, 
aloha five goals and four assists. 
Other offensive achievements in-
clude West's four goals and two 
assists,andJarret Stevenson'S three 
goals and three assists. 

• Offinalline from Wt" re SaaatJDQlJ(JQcl:!. Norther" Califorma, USA. RI",.. UzglrlsiGuardian 
Defender Sean West (2) received a yellow card in overtime for tripping an opponent on a break-away. 

:\~ORD ~~~ 
e:, 

COFFEE 110 
1I~ ~ 

• Quiche · Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads ~~~~~~~~ \ • Gourmet Coffee ( .J 

• Fresh Breads • Homemade Soups 
Need a Nice, Quiet Place To Study? 

How About Coming Over to Our House. 
OPEN 7 AM - 5 PM· 7 Days a Week · 481-8590 

1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 
. (Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

UCSD Students, 
. . F acuity and Staff 

are cordially invited to 

-+- UNtVf~t ify LUTIfEkAN tHu~tH m ANb EtuMENltAl tENTE~ 
~ 

ACROSS THE STREET FROM REVELLE COLLEGE 
9595 LA JOLLA SHORES DRIVE, NEAR NORTH TORREY PINES ROAD 

Sunday Worship at 10:00 am . . . " Word and World" Forum on 
Current Issues after church at 11: 15 am ... Student Suppers on 

Wednesdays at 6:00 pm ... Bible Study at 7:00 pm ... Our Lounge, 
Chapel, and Library are open daily, except Monday. 

For further information or pastoral care, contact Campus 
Pastor John G. Huber, D . Min., 453.0561 or 459-8855 

Financing 
Your Education 
CanBeA 
Balancing Act ... 
Talk To Us 
About A 
Student Loan! 

• Fast • Local 
\X/e dare other lenders to beal u-.! 
If you need ~pecia l help, we 
arcn't a vague \ oice in New York 
or Sacramento. \'<'c're here and 
'Ae help . 

FREE CREDIT UNlON 
MEMBERSHIP! 
\X 'e \\ .Ih l' } our I11cmher,hip fee 
and \ (J1I enjoy ()ut!>t.lT1ding finan-
cial "l'n ilL'S hom an} of 22 
c()unl~ \\ ide imlT1ch io( ;lt i()n'> 
Call u.., for il1()IL' info ahout 

Stafford, SIS, or PLUS 
546-2063 

L"\. 
Mission Federal Credit Union 

51 RVING THE lOUt.< IiONAl COMMIJIj ITY 

"The Student Loan Store" 
1\ I III 111l1h .,t ilrgl lilt I ~ 111111. 

In 1 M 10.1 .. 111*"\, In~ 

September 24, 1990 

~ 
~ 
-mea 
c:. 
a.:: 
=c 

I;; 
~ 
e 
!E 
!2 
..... 

Fitness Stroke/Pre-Masters 
Fitness Stroke/ Pre-Masters 
Swim Conditioning 
Adult Swim Lessons 

AM. 
Noon Aerobics 
Noon Aerobics 
T r:mnastics 
Aerobics 
Dance Aerobics 
Bodyshaping 
Aerobics 
Aerobics 
T rimnastics 
T rimnastics 
Scripbs Aerobics 
Aero ics 
Stretch and Stress Reduction 

Massage 
Noon Yoga 
Hatha Yoga, Beg. 
Hatha Yoga, Beg. 
Hatha Yoga, Int. 
Aoinagi Karale-Do 
Son Soo Kung Foo 
Tang Soo Do Karole, Beg 
Tang Soo Do Karole, Int 
rai Chi Ch'uon, Beg. 
rai Ch Ch'uon, ~ 
rai Chi Ch'uon, Beg. 
AM. Tai Chi, ~ 
AM. Tai Chi, Int Adv 
Noon Tai Chi 
Shorinji Kempa 
Shoo lin Kung Fu 
Shiatsu Massage 
Aikido 

The UCSD Guardian 

MWF 
M'NF 
TIh 
MW 
ITh 

9:30-1 0:30am 
10-11om 
6-7pm 
8-9am 

6:30-7: 
12-12:50pm 
12-1 pm 
4-5"'- , ,.., ... 
A-5pm 

MWF A-5pm 
1Th 5-6pm 
1Th 5-6pm 

~AW 5-6pm 
MW 5-6pm 
Fri 12-1 pm 
MW 5: 15-6: 15pm 
MW 6-7pm 
1Th 4-

Man 7-9pm 
MW 12-12:4Opm 
MW 4-5pm 
MW 5-6pm 
MW 6-7pm 
nh 6-7pm 
Sot 1 :30-3/Su 5pm 
Sot 8-10am 
TTh 5:30-7pm/Sot 
Tues 4:30-S:3Opm 
Tues 6-7pm 
Tues A:30-6pm 
MW 7-7:5Oam 
WF 7-7:500m 
TIh 12-1 pm 
WF 3:30-Spm 
MW 6-7pm 
Mon 7-9prr. 
MW S-opm 

CY Pool 
CY Pool 
CV Pool 
Notatorium 

Rec f. Rm. 
Rec Conf. Rm. 
North Balcony 
Rec. Conf. Rm. 
Rec. Conf. Rm. 
Rec. Conf. Rm. 
North Balcony 
North Balcony 
Rec. Cont. Rm. 
Rec. Conf. Rm. 
T-29 
North Balcony 
Fitness Rm 

Fitness Rm 
Fitness Rm 
Fitness Rm 
Fitness Rm 
Fitness Rm 
Fitness Rm 
RE:'C. ConF.Rm. 
North Bakony 
North Bakony 
HUlLawn 
Rec. ConF Rm. 
HULLawn 
Rae. ConF. Rm. 
Rae. ConF. Rm. 
llr::/l'lWn 
Spanos 
Rec. ConF. Rm. 
Rec. Conf. Km. 
Spanos 

$30/A5 
$45/55 
$30/45 

24/39 

38 
$27/38 
$21/35 
$21/35 
$21/35 
$27/38 
$21/35 
$21/35 
$21/35 
$LI/'J~ 
$10/17 
$21/35 
$21/35 
$21/35 

$19/33 
$22/37 
$22/37 
$22/37 
$20/35 
$22/37 
$17/32 
$35/50 
$14/29 
$14/29 
$20/35 
$28/43 
$28/43 
$28/43 
$28/45 
$23/37 
$22/37 
$35/50 

35 



, 
J 

36 

FLAG FOOTBALL 
Team Captain's Meetings' 

Coed Football Man-Oct 1 
4pm Price Center Theater 
Women's Football Man-Oct 1 
4pm Price Center Theater 
Men's Football Man-Oct 1 
Spm Price Center Theater 

Joe Montana, Neil Anderson and Bruce 
Smith have nothing on 1M lootball players 
at UCSD. With well over 150 teams par-
Ucipating in our pigskin program, the ac-
tion is as fast and furious as !he NFl. 
With one small difference ... no tacktiog is 
allowed. We like to keep our quarterbacks 

hea~hy around here. 

There are three exciting divisions of 
play .... men only, women only, and coed 
(combined men'sfwomen's teams). Within 
each division, we hope to create fair levels 
of competition for all. 'AM' is for the hale 
and hardy, 'M ' for !he semi-serious, and 
'A' for the recreational player. At any 
level, flag football at UCSD stresses every 
skill in the game except you-know-what. 
And that alone keeps everyone coming 
back week after week. 

omen's Volleyball ThlJ-Sep 27 
m Price Genter Theater 

Men's Volleyball Thu-Sep 27 
Spm Price Center Theater 

Volleyball.. .. a California tradition that has 
swept its popularity all around the U.S .. .is 
still a major staple of life at UCSD. 270 
teams light up the hardcourts Sunday-
thru-Thursday nights in a fast-paced game 
that rarely resembles !he picnic-style vari-
ety that you see depicted so often in the 
movies. 

This campus has an extremely large num-
ber of high and intermediate skilled play-
ers which creates excellent competition at 
the AM and M levels. But, recreaUonal 
(or A) players still co~rise a majority of 
the teams and leagues ... and to the surprise 
of no one, they have just as much fun 
trying to control the bouncing white ball as 
anyone. 

FLOOR HOCKEY 
Team Captain's Meeling ' 

Coed Floor Hockey Wed·Sep 26 
Spm Pnce Center Theater 

ThiS sport is more commonly played back 
East, but lor some reason UCSD has 
become !he floor hockey capital of the 
West Coast. Our 120 plus teams annually 
make us the largest program in the west 
by far. 

Floor Hockey, UCSD-style, is the best 
workout going in our large and expansive 
intramural program. Play one game and 
you'U see' what we mean. The rules are 
simple and this lall, women and men play 
toe to toe with no discernible difference in 
ability. Let's face it...who played floor 
hockey before they came to college? 
Right...no onel You're all in the same 
boat I 

INNERTUBE WATERPOLO 
Team Captajn's Meeting: 
Coed Waterpoio Wed-Sep 26 
4pm Price Cenrer Theater 

Waterpolo is a great sport, but way too 
much work. Well, throw in inner1ubes and 
it quickly becomes the second most excit-
ing thing to do in the water. Tube polo is 
one of the few ~ed sports that allows (and 
encourages) contact, so H's a natural for 
meeting new lriends. 

Few if any have played before, but once 
you try it, it's fer sure .. you 'li be back for 
more. -

TEAM TENNIS 
Team Captain's Meeting' 

Coed Team Tennis Tu 
4pm Price Center 

An evening and weekend favori earn 
Tennis has made a significant resurgence 
over the past three seasons and continues 
to be one of the fastest-growing sports in 
our program. 

Four person coed teams (two men/two 
women) slug it out weekly in unique as-
sembly of five set matches in Men's Singles, 
Women's Singles, Men's Doubles, 
Women's Doubles, and Mixed Doubles. 

Sponsored by Domino's Piua this fall, all 
participants receive free Team Tennis T-
Shirts just for showing up. 

3-ON-3 BASKETBA 
Team Captain's Meeting' 

3-0N-3 Hoops Tue-Oct 
Spm Pri~ Center Thea"! 
If you want another great workout every 
week, this is the ticket. This off-season 
sport gives you all of !he action you can 
possibfy handle every Sunday night. Each 
week, teams will meet two different 0ppo-
nents for a one-hour workout that would 
cost big bucks at the local health club. It's 
a great tune-up for the full-court season 
that comes winter quarter. 

OVER-THE-LINE SOFTBALL 
Team Captain's Meeting' 

Men's, Women's on Fri·Sep 28 
4pm Price Center Theater 

Over-The-Une is a San Diegospedaity .... a 
sport born and bred on Ioca! beaches 
nearly forty years ago that has attracted 
quite a following. "'s a simple, three-
person game that challenges everyone 
beyond their imagination. It's so si~le, 
that it becomes hard, then frustrating, and 
then really a lot of fun. 

This sport is a Saturday afternoon kick-
backer, that takes finle equipment (a bat 
and a ball) and lots of skill. We brough!!his 
game back to ca~ last year with plenty 
of positive results. Its destined to attract 
even more players this time around. 

The UCSD Guardian September 24, 1990 

Intramural Sports Strooks into the '9Os 
You're all back! And we're glad you are! Tan, 

and more than ready to go. And we are too! 
The rest is easy. We schedule your team into a 

time slot you can handle, schedule a full season 
worth of games (at least 5, sometimes 7), and away 
you go. You'll be playing each and every week for the 
duration of the quarter. Same time, same place. It's 
as simple as that. 

It should be p fun nine months in UCSD 
lntramuralland. And after all, why not? That's why 
we came to this place by the sea, didn't we? To have 
a lotoffun, while we pretend to do all of those other 
responsible things. You bet. If you dOh't know anyone yet, don't fret. Come to 

the meeting and we' ll fix that mess up quickly 
enough. There are usually plenty of team captain's 
thatareloolcingforextraplayers. We'llhelpintroduce 
you, and presto ... you're playing and you've got some 
new friends. Afterali, that's what Intramural Sports 
are all about. 

The UCSD 1M Staff is all lined up ready to roar 
through another exciting, action-packed year. As 
always we have it alL Almost every sport you can 
think oLand conveniently packaged to make your 
participation as hassle-free as possible. 

For those of you that are new to this place, here's 
the skinny. You pick your favorite sport (or better 
yet ... a sport you've never played but always wanted 
to) and find some friends to form a team. Come to 
the appropriate team captain's meeting for that 
sport and we do the rest. 

Checkout our Fall Quarter Team Sports Pro~ram 
elsewhere on this page! 

Dan Mulville 

Diana Klintworth 

Dana Simone 

Tim Rapp 

The 1990 UCSD . 
Intramural Student 'Staff 
WhO are these Inte~collegi~te-loOking type~, ~ 
anyway? Yes, Mildted: ... they re~lIy do look 
athletic and believe it or not they are! 

That's why they're worki'ng for us this y-ear at 
UCSD Intramural Sports. ' Because they know 
what they're doing, and they know their sports. 
Just like Bo does. 

The UCSD 1M Staff is a genuinely, hard-work-
ing group of students that always seem not to be 
working hard. But believe us, they are_ 

And that's their talent. 
Working hard, having fun, and 
looking cool while doing it. 
Nobody does it better than these 
six. 

They came up the old-
fashioned way. Officiating 
millions of games in zillions of 
sports over the last four years. 
Their whistle-blowing experience 
alone would fiff up the Goodyear 
Blimp. 

And they'll be there alongside 
of you every step of the way this 
year. Everytime you strike out 
with the bases loaded, brick a Stacie Sasaki 
free throw, whiff a punt, or trip all 
over your hockey stick trying to 
find which end is up ..... they'll be 
there I Making sure you're stiff 
having fun! 

We're taking this opportunity 
to re-introduce you . Many of you 
know them well, and the rest of 
you probably will . But only if you 
get involved. They'ff be 
everywhere trying to help you do 
just thalf 

The 1M Staff: Dan Mulvil/e, 
Diana K/intworth, Dana Simone, 
Tim Rapp, Stacie Sasaki, and 
Rich Tom%nis. Rich Tomolonls 

ITake Me Out to 
the Museum ••• ' 
• 'Diamonds Are Forever' 
Exhibit Hits Home at the 
San Diego MoCA 

By Phil Gruen 
Senior Staff Writer 

Upon first glance, Jim Markowich 's work in the 
exhibit "Diamonds Are Forever: Artists and Writers on 
Baseball" looks like a simple church. The traditional A-
frame is there, with stained glass windows adorning this 
piece constructed out of wood, brass, plastic, and film. 
The church, encased in glass, appears perfectly normal. 

But wait-a closer look reveals somewhat unorthodox 
scenes on the windows, scenes you would be hard 
pressed to find a description of in the Bible. The windows 
are decorated with recognizable baseball players of the 
near and far past (with halos, no less), and a look inside 
the church reveals a painted tiled floor in the shape of a 
baseball diamond. With images of Babe Ruth on some of 
the windows, the work is perhaps appropriately titled 
The NondenomilUltiolUll Church of St. Babe (1985-87). 
Strange? 

Perhaps. But to many Americans, baseball is far more 
than just a sport; it is a religion - sacred, holy, and 
central to American society. Who can p'ossibly tell, with 
any sort of accurate, precise definition, what it is about 
the sport of baseball that means so much to American 
society? Who knows why some people can' tlive tbrough 
a summer without spending countless days at the ballpark? 
Who can figure out why others can't even manage to get 
their day started effectively without getting a long look 
at the box scores, scrutinizing the previous evening's 
perfonnance of each and every member of their favorite 
team? What is it about baseball? 

Curator Peter Gordon asked this open-ended question 
by creatingthe "Diamonds Are Forever" exhibit, currently 
showing at the San Diego (fonnerly La JoUa) Museum of 
Contemporary Art at 700 Prospect Street. 

There is something about the "feel" of baseball- the 
smell of freshly-cut grass, the sound of the bat hitting the 

ball, the cheers and lulls of the crowd on a hot summer night, 
the pop of the ball in the glove ... There is something about 
baseball that is mysterious, magical, and wonderful. " Dia-
monds Are Forever" has captured this feeling_ 

As in many baseball events, there are plenty of big-time 
names to be found at the exhibit: Babe Ruth is there , as are 

"This is not baseball art. It's artists and 
writers on baseball, There's a differ-
ence." 

-Peter Gordon, Curator 

Tom Seaver, Joe DiMaggio, Willie Mays, and Rickey 
Henderson. But this time, the big-time baseball artists are 
not the only ones capturing the feel of baseball, The other 
artists are from somewhat of a different trade: artists like 
Andy Warhol, Robert Rauschenberg, Claus Oldenburg, 
Roger Kahn, Elaine de Kooning, Lewis Hine, John Updike, 
Thomas Wolfe, and Roger AngeU - artists who paint, 
sculpt, shoot, or write, 

But perhaps what is special about this exhibit is that it is 
not merely the "big-time" artists and writers who help bring 
the spirit of baseball alive. In this context, there are those of 
smaller stature who are equally prominent - artists and 
writers like Ralph FausaneUa, Sidney .Goodman, Richard 
Markin, and Lesley Hazelton, who have each captured a part 
of the game - and for many, a part of our lives. 

One quote which hangs in the exhibit, from Jacques 
Barzun's God's Country and Miru, perhaps puts the im-
portance of baseball to Americans into proper perspective: 
"Whoever would know the heart and mind of America had 
better learn baseball," 

But just in case they don't learn it properly, Gerald 
Garston's painting Pastime, displayed at the exhibit's en-
trance, will put the pasnime into perspective for the visitor, 
Garston painting features a traditionally-clad ballplayer in 
pinstriped uniform, standing in the forefront of a typically 
lush American pastoral landscape. clutching a baseball bat 
in one band and an American flag in the other_ 

Lewis Hine's photograph, PlaygroUi1d in a Ttrul1UlIl 
AII~, Boston (1909). also reflects the essence of the sport 
and its importance. In this shot, a group of children sunound 
a pitcher and baner engaged in a game of stickball, all 
crowded below rows upon rows of hanging clothes strung 
between tenement buildings in what appears to be a poverty-
stricken neigbborood_ 1be action, concentration, and over-
a11 abllOSphere of the scene was beautifully captured by 
Hine. 

Gordon has divided the exhibit into five subcategories: 
• the place, the action. the players, the equipment, and 

"something else." But it is hardly necessary to keep these 
subcategories in mind wbileprogressina around the museum 
- the worts IRd the wrltin8s themselves will keep the 

viewer intrigued enough to take away from any knowl-
edge of the grand old game's categorization. This exhibit 
flows smoothly from gallery to gallery without knowl-
edge of the categories - a knowledge which could put 
it in the realms of art history, something Gordon was 
expressly trying to avoid. 

"This is not baseball art," Gordon said in an interview 
a few days before the exhibit's official opening in San 
Diego. "It's artists and writers on basebalJ. There 's a 
difference. " 

Gordon has ensured this difference by placing classic 
baseball passages on panels in appropriate locations, 
intertwined among the artworks. After absorbing the 
action and the power in the excerpt taken from Bernard 
Malumud 's book The Natural, one need not look far to 
find Jacob Lawrence's 1949 work Strike, which illus-
trates the speed and action of the passage, even if the two 
were not directly related And afterreading John Updike's 
passage on the fans ' adoration of fonner superstar Ted 
Williams from Hub Fans Bid K id Adieu, it is easy to 
understand why works depicting Joe DiMaggio and 
Ernie Banks-other superstars who were adored by the 
fans - decorate the walls nearby. 

The exhibit also features works from UCSD studio 
art professors and intemationally-reknowned artists Kim 
MacConneU and halo Scanga. Both artists spoke about 
the role of baseball in their work and their lives in a 
lecture at the museum on Sept. 8. 

But not all the artwork. in the exhibit is conventional, 
custornary"gallery" art-there is a TV monitor in a side 
room which has running shows of some classic baseball 
comedy routines, including Abbott and Costello 's 
"Who's on First?" As a sidebar to the show, there is a 
glass case featuring a variety of baseball memorabilia, 
including a number of treasures from Babe Ruth 's 
playing days_ 

1be work which has become a trademark for the 
exhibit- it is depicted on the exhibit's main t-shirt and 
poster - is Michael Langenstein' s 1982 postcard col-
lage of the hands from the Creation of Adam scene from 
Michaelangelo's famed Sistine OIapel. But there is one 
minor a1teratioO - God is handing Adam a baseball_ 
1be positioning of the hands - the way Michaelangelo 
painted it - makes it seem perfectly natural for God to 
be handing Adam a baseball. And, well, if baseball had 
been around in early 16th century Italy, Michaelangelo 
might have painted it differently_ 

0. ... : present through October 21 
Hours: Tuesday through Sunday, 10 a .m. to 5 
p.m.; Wednesday, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. 
AdmInkKt: adults, $4; students and seniors, $2; 
children ages 5-12, 50 cents; children under 5, 
free. Admission is free on Wednesday evenings 
from 5 to 9 p.m, 



2 H IATU 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISISl 

WE'VE 60J 
THE CUREI 

novelty items' gi ft wrapping ' balloons' greeting cards 
~~Large selection of gift ruN. shipping boxes 

O .. 4305 La Jolla Village Drive, UTe Mall (next to Carlos Murphy's ) 
TO. 453-9993 

W • I I( , OPEN DAILY 

AIR FORCE ROTC MAY 
BE IN YOUR fUI1JRE 
EVEN IF IT'S NOT ON 

YOUR CAMPUS. 

There are some colleges 
and universities where Air Force 

ROTC is not offered ... 
Which doesn't mean it's not available. 
Call or visit the Ai r Force ROTC detach-

ment listed and ask about the "crosstown" pro-
gram. All the benef its could still be yours: eligi bility for 

two- through fo ur-year scholarship programs . . the lead-
ership development opportunities . . . the officer's com-
miSSion when you graduate ... and more. Call 

DEPT OF AEROSPACE TUDIES 
(619) 594-5545 
~;::::=-. =--=-~=- -
---- ----- -- -~======:: .. ::-:-=~-~.=:= : > ~ -.-. ... ~ ______ .J _ 

~ ~~ ~ ""=" -

Leadership Excellence Starts Here 

Educaid™ 
THE S TUDE NT ,-O At ... SPf CI A l S f S 

Student 
Loans by 

Phone 
1 ;800;347,7667 

LenJcr C,,Jc 30005 

O 'l\' "f .. ~ __ CIlIll~" "'I\.·' 
I to"'t' MI)II ~ttJ.:l·' • (.l 1J111n~ rll , 11 Lll.l'" • "" ruJCIH L\l.m ", 

T he U SD Guardian Monday, September 24, 1990 

Soul Asylum is (from I to r) : Dan Murphy, Dave Pimer, Karl Mueller, and Grant Young. 

Soul Asylum Rides American Style 
By Walter BiHs 
Staff Writer 

"There's no shortcuts to Easy Street - no 
comers you can cut," sings Dave Pi mer on Soul 
Asylum 's new A&M release, " ... And the Horse 
They Rode In On." He should know: Soul Asylum 
has been working constantly since its formation in 
Minneapolis in 1983. 

This is the first time in the band's sev.en year 
career that they are breaking away from the alter-
native circuit and into the mainstream. TIus move 
al 0 mean that it's time to take that commercial 
plunge into the world of mu ic videos. 

In Iheir latest video, "Easy Street," Soul Asy-
lum presents thei r version of the ideal slice of 
Americana. In a recent interview vocali st/guitarist 
Dave Pimer explained, "We shot it at the world 's 
largest roadside attraction - a five mile strip with 
reptile gardens, a million mini-golf courses, go-
cans .... Hopefully it will be a fun video to watch, 
but it doesn' t have any hot chicks in it." 

"We were thinking of doing the ultimate Winger 
thing," guitarist/vocal ist Dan Murphy added. " A 
blatant video with nothing but saucy babes in it-
we didn't even have to be in it. But saucy babes 
don't come cheap, so it would have been an 
expensive shoot." 

Despite Soul Asylum's increasing success and 
popularity, the band remains very down to earth, 
much removed from rock-god narcissism. Murphy 
exclaimed, "We're not very good at blatant self-
promotionizing [sic]. Buy the record 'cause you 
feel sorry for us," he laughed. 

"I feellilce an encyclopedia salesman," Pimer 
commented, "going to radio stations with acoustic 
guitars saying, 'We're nOlgoing to stop unless you 
play our records. '" 

"We were at a radio station in Salt Lake City," 
quipped Murphy, "and the guy goes, ' You guys 
are really catching on here because there are a lot 
of Mormons who listen to the station. They like to 
rebel-but just a little bit. '" 

Even though Soul Asylum is on a major label 
and gaining in popularity, they still perform like a 
band that really means what they say and do -
which is a breath mint in a stale MTV world of 
images and overdubs churned out en masse. 

RESERVE OFF.CERS' 

Perhaps pan of the band's ability to keep their 
feet on the ground and their heads out of the clouds 
has to do with their very un- rock star like and less 
than gJamourous touring experiences. 

"We were in England," explained Murphy, 
"driving from Leeds to London, which is not very 
far, but we get into this three hour traffic jam and 
arrive in London ridiculously late. Next thing we 
know our tourguide is pumping the brakes as hard 
as he can, then he pulls the emergency brake, and 
nothing happens! So he turns and says, ' Now we' re 
fucked.' 

" We're coming up on two cars," he continued, 
"but insteadof hitting them, he plows inlo a railing, 
goes up over the curb and hits a pole, totalling the 
front end. He asks us, 'Are you guys OK?' - to 
which we said ' yeah ' and asked where to fi nd some 
good fish and chips as we pile out of the van, with 
people rubber necking the whole situation." 

But touring the United States offered up its own 
strange brew of exciting times, especially on their 
first tour through Auscash/Oshkosh (Wisconsin on 
Lake Winnebago?). Murphy recalled, "There's this 
one guy, I know him by Valium Vic, and he's this 
fifty-year-old school teacher as well as the local 
punk rock promoter. So, we play this bowling alley 
with a punker bar over it, and afterwards this guy 
takes us to a pany. We're supposed to stay at his 
house. At the party I hear someone ask him, 'Hey 
Vic, you leaving?' and Vic says, 'Yeah, I'm gonna 
take these boys home and fuck 'em, I'll be back 
later. ' I thought, that's weird, maybe some local 
custom I've never 'heard of, or some Oshkosh 
slang. 

"We get back to this guy's house," Murphy 
continued, "and he's so drunk he lost all the gig 
money, as wen as barely remembering where his 
house was. I'm sleeping downstairs and our bassist 
Karl comes up and says, 'That guy crawled on the 
couch and tried to kiss me.' This guy tried to pull 
this stunt on all of us, so by the end of the night the 
band was all huddled together with each one taking 
turns to be on guard." 

Murphy laughingly concluded, "I've never met 
a more disgusting person in my life - welcome to 
the Midwest!" 

TRl.I.I' COl P 5 

START AN IMPRESSIVE RESUME 
WITH A COLLEGE ELECmE. 

Take an introductory course from Army ROTC. With no obli-
gation. You'U begin to acquire the confidence, decialveneu, 
self-mscipline. and leadenhip alti11a IIOUghl by employen of 
coUeqe graduates. And you'U learn how you can place 
"Army Officer" on your resume when you graduate. 

For _n lDformaUoD, coDtact Majo .. ltaa M.ta .... 
at (61') SM-4M3. 

1U IIIII'III1' aII.1II' 
CGIlIII J8U CD TID. 

Monday, September 24,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

"My Children! My Africa!" at La Jolla Playhouse ... 

An Artistic Plea For Freedom 
By Marie Pasternak 
Senior Staff Writer 

Artistic concern for the racial problems 
in South Africahas become a familiar theme 
fo und in such musi a1 works as the (Ain' t 
Gonna PIa ) Sun City compilation, Paul 
Simon 's Grace/and, and Special A.K.A.'s 
"Free Nelson Mandela." Perhaps the most 
poignant and educational artistic prote t to 
emerge from apartheid is Athol Fugard's 
play "My Children! My Africa!" now run-
ning at the La JoUa Playhouse through Sep-
tember 30. 

and ees hope for t he future through Thami' s 
intell i ence and spiri t. By joining the two 
students as a team in an inter-school English 
competition, Mr. M hopes to set an example 
of how the racial problems of his country 
could be resolved by blacks and whi tes 
working together on an intellectual level. 

Unfo rtunate ly, as the young Thami 
teaches us what it i like to be black in South 
Africa, we learn that 90 years of racial 
oppression may take more than mere words 
and "working together" to overcome. 

Inspired by a 1984 South African news-
paper article about the mob killing of a black 
teacher by his students, the play is ironically 
timely as it parallels Winnie Mandela's 
present implication in a similar crime, in-
volving the murder of an African youth. 

Fugard to being both banned and place" 
under house arrest. However, his plays have 
also won him the honor of being called "the 
greatest living English playwright" by Time 
magazine. 

"My Children! My Africa!" makes sense 
o ut of seemingly senseless events in South 
Africa by showing where different ideas can 
conflic t. The play makes it easier to under-
stand how a well-meaning teacher and Stu-
dent could get caught up in the fervor of a 
desperate movement and be hurt by the very 
cause which is suppo ed to help them. 

n important point to mention is that 
Fugard does not take sides on the issue of 
factional violence in South Africa. Although 
his play is definitely sympathetic to the 
black cause, emphasizing peaceful means of 
resolving racial tensions, he does not make 
villains out of those who choose violence as 
the answer. Through Thami, Fugard shows 
the explosive anger and hatred felt by many 
for an unjust system. 

HIATUS 3 

Photo courtesy 

"My Children! My Africa!" takes place 
in a classroom of a black school and is 
presented through three characters: Isabel 
(Nancy Travis), a middle-class white 
schoolgirl visiting the school; Thami (Ster-
ling Macer, Jr.), an intelligent black eigh-
teen-year-old student; and "Mr. M" (Brock 
Peters), his black teacher who believes in 
peaceful words rather than violent protests 

"My Children! My Africa!" is one of 
many plays Fugard has written about his 
troubled country. Far from endearing him to 
his own government, the works have led 

The production of the show itself is 
somewhat bland with costumes and settings 

See AFRICA, page 4 Brock Peters as Anela Mya/ata 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthl visits for evaluation. 
Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
If interested, call 534-495S {leave name and numbed 

or call 534-6847. 

My FAVORITE 
. MODEL? 
CABRIOLET. 
Fashion Design senior Gerardo CantU's 
1988 Volkswagen Cabriolet fits him 
perfectly. 

''As the creator of a line of women's 
clothing called 'Fashion Panic', I'm always 
driving my lovely six-foot fashion models to 

• shows and photo shoots. 
"In my Cabriolet, all of us fit comfortably. 

There 's room for cameras and tripods. And 
we look fabulous." 

If you're ever at the University of Texas 
in Austin, look for Gerardo driving his 
Cabriolet: He'II be the guy with the well-
dressed ladies - riding in style. 

Experience all the FahrvergnOgen and 
convertible fun of Cabriolet at your 

Volkswagen dealer. -;,~ ~ 

Saint Louis Uoivenity's 
Academic Year In Madrid 

COMPLETE CURRICULUM: Engkh. 
Spanish . liberal Arts. Busln .... & 
Admin istration. TESOL. Sciences. 

Hispanic Studies 

SLU In .Madrto Is " member 01 AAlEOE 

Graduate Courses oller9d durlng 
Summar Session 

Apply NOW for Spring, Swnmer nod Fal1 
More than 1,000 students In the Program. 

Saint Louis University In Madrid 
Bravo Murttto. 38 
Edlltclo Gonzaga, Planta Baja 
Madrid 28015 Spain 
Tel: 593-3783 

Contact: 
Saint Louis University 
Study Abroad Coordinator 
Admtsslons Office 
221 North Grand Blvd. 
S!. Louis, MO 631 03 
Toll-free tel: 1-800-325-6666 

FAHRVERGNOGEN . IT'.S WHAT MAKES A CAR A VOLKSWAGEN . 
If you drive. Volkswogen. you might be .elected to 
appear .n lin lid like the one above Send )'OUr story .00 
photo to VoIksw8g\.on :rest.momals. 187. S W oodward, 
SUite 200. Birmingham. MlChtgin 48009 

WE ASKED 100 UCSD STUDENTS 
-Would You Ramer Go To 

A SPEEDY Coin Wash 
or a Non-Speedy Coin Wash?" 

100°/. AGREED 

Belch 



4 HIATUS 

NEW FOR F AL L QUARTER 

ANTHROPOLOGY COURSES 
AN 1 57 Dreams and Culture 
Prof.Bilu Hh 8:30-9:50 MAC 413-1 
The dream as psychocultural phenomenon. 
AN 186 Ethnopsychiatry 
Prof. Bilu Tu-Th 1 :00-2:20 WMH (P&L) 111 
Cultural systems and abnormal behavior. 
AN 189. Anthropology of Devionce 
Prof. Forley MWF 9:00-9:50 WLH 2204 
Problems of explaining deviant behaviors across cultures. 
NOTE: Anthropology 165 Approaching the Socred has been cancelled. 

BIOLOGICAL 
ANTHROPOLOGY COURSES 
ANTH/B 138 Biocultural Perspectives on Health and Disease 
Prof. Norconk MWF 1 :00·1 :50 TCHB 148 
Biological and cultural views on health and disease in developed and 
developing countries. 
ANTH/B 171 History of Evolutionary Theory 
(Intensive reading course of Bio·Anthro Majors) 
Prof. Norconk Tu-Th 1:00·2:20 H&SS 2089 
A direded studies (XlUrse. See DEPARTMENT for special prerequisites. 

DEPARTMENT Of ANTHROPOLOGY H&SS 8009 (534-4745) 

The UCSD Guardian 

p. COMPUTERS •• 
I ~~ L A J 0 L L A CQ,SI I~ ~~I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I _ I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
• • I INCLUDES: ==.=:. =: I 
I . 2 DRIVES = == ::--~ I 
• ':N~~~ORY c~~~~~ $645 • 
I . HR. WARRTY Complete Sy.'Stem I I 'SOFnNARE I 

: ;:~~::5 CALL 454-5544 : 
I Service & Repair Quantities Umitod I 
I I 
II L1 a11JOOITIaorCreAY 9P2inOe3s7Road, Suite A • E m I 

, Financing & Leasing Available I 
"'--------------------•....................• 

• 

• 

• 

• o 

• o 

o 
• 

o 

• 0 

• 
• 

• 

• 
• 

• 

• 0 
'. 
• 

• 

l ~ 
Come Help Us Celebrate Our Grand Opening 

Stop by and get to know u ' at the UCSD Student Credit Union. 
We offer account and services tailored to meet the everyday finan-
cial needs of UCSD students. And we are conveniently located on 
campus in the old Student Center. 

We can help you with every aspect of your finances: 

• Low-Cost Checking 
• No-Fee Savings 
• FREE ATM Card and Access • 
• 15.9% VISA 
• Personal Lines of Credit 
• Auto Loan 
• Account Access by Phone 24-Hours a Day 

We want to be your financial resource. We're the only financial 
in titution where you'll fihd students helping students. 

And we've got the welcome mat out for you during our grand 
opening celebration September 17 through October 5. 

Located in the SlUt/ent Center (619) 534-8220 • 
• 

• 

• 

. ~ 

• 
• 

o 

o 

r NaJi .J ~---

Monday, September 24,1990 

,_ ....... , 

:-.• ,.-: 
: Are you a closet : 
I iournalist? Do you I 
I dream about I 
I seeing your name I 
: in print? Do you : 
I want to meet the I 
I New Kids? Do you I 
I think the I 
I G rd' 'be I I ua .an IS tter I 
I for birdcage lining I 
I than reading, and I 
: dream .a~~t : 
I revolutiOniZing our I 
I student paper? I 
: Take the first step : 
I to accomplishing I 
I your dreams by I 
I attending the I 
: years first : 
I HIATUS I 
: WRITERS' : 
:MEEnNG. : 
I ~ I 
I ~ I 
: When: Thursday, Sept. I 
I 27, at 6 p.m. : 
I Where: At the Guardian, I 
I 2nd Floor of the Student I 
I Center across from the I 
I Main Gym I 
\' •••••••• .1 
AFRICA 
Continued from page 3 

that are at best functional; but the 
bleakness of the set only empha-
sizes the richly powerful words 

. which draw you deeply into the 
lives of the characters. The play 
involves the audience on a closely 
personal level with a black South 
African township that is in a state 
of complete anarchy. The fact that 
just three people can carry an en-
tire show and create such a 'strong 
impact is a remarkable accom-
plishment for both the writer and 
the actors. 

If the play weretohavea weak-
ness it would perhaps be the pan 
of Isabel played by Travis. Al-
though her role serves as a neces-
sary catalyst bringing together 
ThamiandMr. M, her relationship 
with the two characters seemed 
underdeveloped and somewhat 
strained. For the most part, how-
ever, the acting was very believ-
able, especially Peters as Mr. M. 
His portrayal was wann, loveable 
andlargelyre ponsibleforthetears 
that ran down the faces of much of 
the audience toward the end of the 
show. Macer likewise presented 
Thami's character convincingly 
and with boundle s energy. 

Ultimately, what we come to 
under tand is thaI solving the 
problems of the apanheid govern-
ment in South Africa i far more 
complex that freeing Nelson 
Mandela . In a country where 
blacks outnumber whites nearly 
four toone, the process of reversing 
racial inequality stands to be a 
very painful une . 

At the University Bookstore, 
we make shopping easy. 

• 

Extended Hours 
Fall 1990 

September 
24&25 

. 

26&27 
28 
29 

October 
1 &2 

Mon-Tue 7:30 c.m . - 9 p.m. 
Wed-Thu 7:30 c.m. - 7 p.m. 
Fri 7:30 a.m. - 6 p.m. 
Sat 9:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. 

Mon-Tue 7:30 a.m. - 8 p.m. 

Buyback Hours -
Cash for your used books! 

October 
1-3 Mon-Wed '9 a.m. - .4 p.m . 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE l\I\IRSITY -- -. 
534-READ 

LleSD 
......... ~ .... ----~ ............ : .......................... ~ ...... ~ •......•.•...•...................•.•••••...•.•..... 

• ••••••••••••••••••••• J 



8aclclo school in style! 

'-'. . :'/,1, ' •. ~ 

. ' . :'. :: ':':' :"~~::';':.: . 
.~ .... ", .. : . ~~s. '" flIo.... 

:1":. '. ~~ . ~~I,V~ 
'('::. ". ~ : . :v~9 :~uo . 

.: -: :--: .. c..,.. ... : -ri\" -:'. 
• • . ' . I ! r ~. : ' . • 1iI~ V ". .' . 

. . . . . , ' . ' ~ "'" \ . . ' ... :~ . 
..,-.r-- .. . . .. : . 

",: . . t.· .· .... 
.. . . ' .. :. -:; .: 

~ . " ••• " .~., ' ' '''' 'c' , :,,,,,". { ·t'h.:' " 

Mock neck . 
long sleeve t-shirt 
Regular $15.95 
SALE $11.95 
Available in four colors 

Ash Grey 
Black 
NaY>' 
Red 

Try a futon - a bed and 
sofa, all in one! 

PLANT 
SALE 

4 way frame & mattress 1-1-1-1-
Twin f4So50 ~~ ~~ 
Full 169.95 I-~ 1-1-Queen 192.95 1-1-1-1-

~~ 
1-1-

-H- '\ Sofa bed 1-1--I--~ 
-~ 
-~ 
-~ 
-~ 
-I-

-~ 
-~ 
-I-
-I--
-I--

. ~ Full 

;r If ~"[~ - ~ Queen (( ~ R ~~~ Mattress only ([ J J 
r( y ~r- - Twin ~ Full r-- I - r -~ Queen 

Frome only 
Twin 
Full Queen 

One year guarantee for EncJ fable 
mattress and frame. CoHee table 

i274.25 
295.75 

r2095 i04.25 
118.50 

164.25 71.50 
78.50 

f41 .5O 49.95 

1-1-
1-1-
1-1-
1-1-
1-1-

I-~ 
1-1-
1-1-
"'1-

I-~ 
1-1-
1-1-

~~ 
~~ 
1-1-
1-1-
1-1-

~~ 
1-1-
1-1-
1-1-

~~ 
~~ 
1-1-
1-1-
1-1-

I-~ 
1-1-
I-~ 
~~ 
1-1-

September 24-29 
Plants, baskets, and posters 

. on soleI 
All 4" plants $1.75 
All 6" plants $4.75 

10 a.m. - 5 p.m. 
In front of the Bookstore 

Cordura MI. St. Hel ns 
Backpacks on Sal I 
Regular $28.95 
SALE $18.95 
Assorted colors available. 

Leather Bottom Regular $32.95 
SALE $22.95 

While quantities last during the month of September. 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

WAIT 
TILL THE 
MIDNIGHT 
HOUR 
Well, almost. 
The Sunshine Store is now open Monday 
through Saturday until 10 p.m. 
Shop seven days a week for snacks, candy, sodas, 
juices, coffee, tea, groceries, freshly baked cookies, 
popcorn I ana more I 

THE SUNSHINE STORE 
Located at ·the Price Center. 
fv\onday - Friday 
Saturday 
Sunday 

7:00 a.m. - 10 p.m. 
9:30 a.m. - 10 p.m. 
9:30 a.m. - 6 p.m. 

ARE YOU PREPARED? 

EMERGENCY 
SURVIVAL KIT 

• S~ially designed for one person 
• Includes a 3-day supply of food, water, 

medical and other emergency supplies 

The Best Survival is a 
Prepared Survival 

OUT ON 
A LINl8? )( 

R ~ 
p. each for the II 
rob/em 50/1 I 

Math Sc· "er Boo"-Slu~: .ence a d 'leS. 
VT Guide ' n En9inee. 
NOW'~ 

s nn9 

through ~ OFF, 
her 31, 1990 

Save hour. f 
Find so/ur S 0 time With th 
guides Aon~l fast With th e Problem Sol 

. \la~ able in 35 d~~ easy step-b \ler series. 
Ilrerent sub' y-step 

leet areas. 



Start the year off right ••• 
••• with a University Datebook! 

CONVENIENT 
WEEKLY 

FORMAT 

Inc/ucles 
• University Events calendar 
• Academic calendar 
• Important campus phone numbers 
• Campus hours 
• Theatre schedule 
• Price Center schedule 
• Campus map 

crate-a-file® II 
The portable, stackable, 

go anywhere filing cratel 

Briefcasesl 
Portfoliosl Brief Bagsl Crates stack and interlock 3 waysl 

We have a n extensive selection in stock. 
Choose from leather, vinyl, aluminum, and tapestry. 

Recycled Products are Available'! 
Two-subiect wirebouncls 

Perforated pads ., ,,' 
Filler paper 

Typ.ing paper 

SUPPLIES DEPARTMENT 534-3786 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
-

534-READ 
-
-b ; 

BOOKSTORE 
LIes£:::] 

- I 

• 

Monday, September 24,1990 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 5 

'Narrow Margin' Low on Steam 
By Gregory Waypa 
Contributing Writer 

Trains always make ideal loca-
tions for suspen e films. With a 
train, you get a moving prison from 
which there is no escape for the 
murderer or murder victim. Passen· 
gers mill about in small cabins, en-
closed and confined like rats in a 
cage as the train crosses mile afler 
mile of moonlit darkness. The len-
sion builds; the mu ic grows louder; 
someone is going to die. Your 
heartbeatquickens with the c1 ickety-
clack of the railroad tie a the train 
picks up more speed. 

The train continues on as the 
window curtains part, allowing the 
moon to cast light across lost souls 
standing helplessly as their de ti-
nies become controlled by miles of 
steel track. Suddenly the train 
plunges into the darkness of yet 
another tunnel; the room goes dark, 
but not before a glint oflight catches 
the razor sharpness of a knife. A 
woman screams, the whistle sounds, 
and someone spills their Coke in 
your lap. 

In the past, movies such as 
"Murder on the Orient Express," 
"Runaway Train," and " Silver 
Streak" have successfully used the 
train locale to deliver highly-sus-
pensef ul films that keptthe viewers 
on the edges of their seats. The new 
fJlrnfromTriStarPiclUres, "Narrow 
Margin," makes an attempt to fol-
low these cinema greats. Unfortu-
nately, "Narrow Margin" runs out 
of Sleam even with attempts by 
Gene Hackman and fume Archer 
to keep it moving. 

Thepicture'splotisnothingnew. 
In fact, it 's been seen many times 
before - perhaps once too many. 
A woman, played by Archer, wit-
nesses a murdGr; a man, Hackman, 
tries to protect her and keep her 
ali ve so that shecan testify. Together 
they must spend the next eighteen 
telTor-filledhourson a train with no 
contact with the outs ide world while 
two hired killers attempt 10 locate 
and eliminate the witness. 

Appearing in films is nothing 
new to Gene Hackman, who holds 
the record for movies made by a 

INJURED? 
Cycle Accident Law 

Protect Your Rights! 
• Free consultant 
• Fast. aggressive representation 
• Experience.results 
• No fee until we win your case 
• Judge ProTem 

S IM ON & S I MON 
At t ()1'Ill'~'S AI La\\' 

Call AI torn!',\' MACE S. SIMON 
1-800-52-SIMON :!-! I tll l il" '1',,11 Fit ", 

A1TENTION: MINORITY GRADUATES 
AND UNDERGRADUATES 

THE NATIONAL BLACK MBA 
ASSOCIATION 

PRESENTS ITS 

1990 
STUDENT CONFERENCE & 

CAREER FAIR 
"PLANNING YOUR GLOBAL ASSAm:T FOR m E 90'S" 

FRIDAY & SA11JRDAY, OCTOBER 5-6 
THE CENTURY PLAZA HOTEL 

LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA 

FOR INFORMATION CALL: 

(213) 964-3053 

Archer and Hackman try to survive the train ride. 

Hollywood actor (according to En-
tertainment Tonight) . As this 
picture's lead actor, Hackman gives 
a convincing performance as Rob-
ert Caulfield, a Los Angeles deputy 
district attorney whose unorthodox 
style oflaw and order has kept him 
from becoming the district attorney. 
Hackman's persona makes him ideal 
for the part: he is not Arnold 
Schwarzenegger, he isn't Bruce 
Willis, and he definitely isn't Su-
perman. What he i , though, is the 
embodiment of an average adult 
male American, placed in a perilous 
situation. He's intelligent, but not 
street smart. He has to rely on his 
common sense when confronting 
dangers, which sometimes results 
in the problem getting worse. He's a 
lot like what you would expect your 
father to be like ifhe were placed in 
the same situation. Thus, Hackman's 
character comes across as more be-
lievable than most <::haracters in so-
called "cop" movies. 

But where Hackman's character 
excels, Archer's character, Carol 
Hunnicut, lacks. The story doesn't 

lend much to Archer's character 
development except in a couple of 
monologue performances by Archer 
telling Caulfield why she isn't go-
ing to testi fy . That, unfortunately, is 
the extent of Archer's character:-

she isn 't seen much due 10 
Caulfield' s attempts to keep her 
hidden away. Hunnicut can' t even 
be considered playing second fiddle; 
she's more like a piece of baggage 

See MARGIN, page 8 

WELCOME BACK UCSD ... 
Now hit the books and call ino's Pizza! 

IT'S TIME FOR DOMINO'S PIZZA: 
CALL US! Hours: 
452-UCSD 11 am-1 am Sun.-Thurs. 
FAX 452-2230 11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 

r~~~~~,; -~;~~~;~;";;~I~~;--r: I?.ELUXE DEAL r _ .. SPECIAL r. I?~UBLE DEAL 
I One~edium OR Two~edium, $12 00 I Two~edium OR Tw<?Large Pizza PIZZaS PIzzas PIZZaS 
: $9.99 ~~. $13.99 ~~ : . !!US : $10.88 $13.88 
I One Medium Domino's ORIGINAL I I Deluxe PIzza, topped with dellclou. One Large Domino', ORIGINAL pizza Two medium ORIGINAL or PAN I Pepperoni, Fresh Mushrooms, Onions, I with cheese plu.1WO topping. oryour I cheese pizzas for ONLY Sto.aa OR Two 

Sausage and GR!eft Peppen (or ONLY choice AND 2 CokeslB> (Dii!t or Cilissicl Large c ........ pIZZaS for only $13.88 p lus I $9''',plus tax. or get two for just $4.00 I rOt only $12.00 plus tax . Cour.n I tax. Toppings 93c .. ch per mtdlum 
more, ONLY S13.99. !,Ius tax. No ""lui""'. Please mention coupon w en pizza, $1.17 each per large pizza. plus I substitutions. Offer good on Delivery I ordering. Offer good on Delivery or I tax. Offer good on DeUvery or Carryout. I or Canyout. JUST AsKJ I Canyout. 0 I JUST ASK! 

I .' • I Exp ..... 12/31 /90. Expires 12/31 /90. Expireo 12/3 t /90. N04 good witluny othorolfer: I Not good with any other oIfer I Not loodwilhanyoth.,oIf.,. "I Pricesmoyvll')'. • ----------------------------------limited delivery area 10 ensure sale driving. Our drivers caIry less Ihan $20. 



, . 
. , 

... : .. ' . " , . ' , 

, . 

, , 

" . " . 
. ' ~ : . 

.' . 

, , 

, , 
, . 

' , ' " . " .. 

'. .... . 
. ' , 

.' . ~ . . ' ,' 

. . ',. :,: .' " .. 

'. .' .... ,' . 

, , , 

... 

" 

" 

. · Orl >: .. . . .. .. .. .. . ......... : ... . 

. ..... .... .. ~p.s .. ... SOUT'1 AFRI<AN DA,.,CECONCE(ft 
199~.tJ~~ : ·.: .. · . ...... .. ..> • •. . ... •.... . .•... . • . ....• .•.•.• / 

'. . " ' .' . . " :- .. OCT. '1. !.MO.NDAY ··.8PM·"; P : C. . iAJ;LRO()i.~ ·: , · ,' .' ....... 
. :. : .".' . :,.".. '. .', ,'. UCSJ>'sT.: $16 A DV.· .. $14:00'· PAY OF SHOW .. · '. " 

:. , . .' :- ' : . ..... : " ...... '. ' . . . . ,'G.A.: $.18 APV .• $19 DAY OF·SHOW· . .. .. ,'. 
':", . .... . . : ' .: ... : . . .. . . '. ' , ' . . . : ' , . ,' , ', :: ' , .. .. . . 

::P()ST~IJ.Oi>ER~ 'A·t:R,oi».N~E · .:·;:.:· · · ,':.:.-:: ' .. :.::: <. 
'. 'MEETS NU-.WAVt·A cAP-EttA· ,' .... : .. .... . ' ' .. "'.' 

. . . '. ' . , .. .. . .., .. ' . '. ' . .' 

. ' . . . ..' . 

. '. " : 
, . 

. . 

, ··OCT. 5 ·· ··FRlpAY.·· 8PM:· ... ;'\AND .. AUD: " . . ' .' , . ' 
.. ST$H " G.;~:$1 8 ' '' ~ACr.ST~n/SR.:.C[:r.~1~ " ,'. :- ." .', 

. : :. . , '. 

. . . ' 

.. ' 

.' . 

. ~ : . . " ~ . ' .. 
. ," .. ' 

.. 

. . . . . . . 
. .. . , .... 

, , 

.. 

. . ' 

. ". . 

. . ' .. 

" -' 

... . " . ' . 

· .' 

" .. . 

' . ' 

. .. . 

· , ', '. 

. ' .... '. ~." .. AMER./CA,S :,;nEM'iERi ,'.: ' ... . :: ....... : .. .':. " " 
, '. : .. '. '. ':' . NATty£. AMERICAN, 'F~UTIST :' .:. ' .: , . 

. , . . 

. OCT. 14 . SUNDAY' 8PM • MAND, AlJ't>: .' ' 
. ST~ $13 . G.A'; $1'8 . fAC/STAFF/SR.C.IT. $15 

. . . . ' 

. ". . 
. . ' :: " . " , 

, " ,'" 
. " . , 

,. '" , ', ...... ' .. ,. '. , ' ' .. 

. '. 

. , 

. :' : " ,' .: ' , ' , ' ,., 

'. . 
, :', . t', ", ' . '. 

.' 

,'.' .... ':'," .: "' .. . ' ·'iiILLt4NTSTANO,:,UP:t::OMEPY.·,' 
. " , ' , ,'.. ' , ' ,' , . ' , . 

. ' . 

.,.. '" 

. . . ~ . '. ' 

.'; . :: . '.:. ::: ·O.crj3 ::·TljE'SPAY ;·8PM :.MAN.1,.AU.';.' .. .. , ..... : .. : 
. . .' ' . . ' .ST, .$S,· G.A, $,? •. fACISTAFF.(SR,(fT; $7. " .. ".: ',. '. 

, , ' " . .: , '., ' ,. ' ,' . ... ' 
.. 

. . . ' . 
, '., , ' , .. , ' . ' :, , 

, ' . ' 

• ", ., . ' ': ,, '. • " " , , .I '" 
. . , ' .' . . . . '. ' . ,. , ~ . 

: .. :." .. ",': ..... '.: .. :.:, ..... : .:. ' THf :'OM'~iiTE ,wolfK;" (;~ THE:'. '.:, .-
" '. .' .,' ".... ..,.. .. ·B.AR'(),H'I.A:/UCJ.v.~~r 'ONOEN.S.~P·. 

, ;';. . . ' . . . . . ' ' , . , . : .. ' 
. , ., 

. . ', ~: " : ' " 

,'. : :TIC'KEYS 'O'N': SA'LE:' N·OW·:·· ,'.' :'.' .:':: >: :.: :.. ... 
',' . ·AT U(S.D·Is'O)(·OF·FI·CE : . ' -<.:'.' . " ':'. 
' .. :: .. S34~4s.s.~ ,:. ,.y~Z!~~ .. : . ',::' .' ..... ; ........ : ·:Nov.·J·· .. sAT·u·RDA~· ; ·8PM· . iMND_A~'~;: .... '. ':: :. 

'';'._~ __ ';'';'"'' . " . ... . ... ' ST~ $8" (i.A, $U ;. FACISTAFF/SR.CIT. $10 .' '< '" . 
• t".Il1l'~.TlJte . " . ' . . . . . ' . ' . . . . . . . . 

" . " ' ., 

· ' . 

. . 

Monday, September 24, 1990 

Streep and MacLaine share a Mmother-daughter" embrace. 

WE HAVE 

EXCELLENT 
AUTO INSURANCE RATES 

FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

D'AGNESSA INSURANCE AGENCY 
7841 Balboa Avenue, See . 215 

San Diego, CA 92111 

WATCH FOR THE 
MULTIPLE 

2). SCLEROSIS 
UGLY BARTENDER 
cONtm WINNERS 

) 

v 

Miller Brewing CO.,Milwaukee,WI 

The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 7 

Desp-ite AII-StarCast, 

'Postcards) Less Than Endearing 
By Julie Helmler 
Contributing Writer 

Have you ever bitten into a 
chocolate chip cookie and won-
dered why it was not left in the 
oven just a little bit longer? " Post-
cards From the Edge," based on 
Carrie Fisher's loosely-based au-
tobiography of life with her fa-
mous mother Debbie Reynolds, 
evokes the same feeling as the 
" half-bake d " c hoco late c hip 
cookies. 

The film focuses on the rela-
tionship between Doris Mann 
(Shirley MacLaine), a self.deny-
ing , flamboyant mother, and 
Suzanne Vale (Meryl Streep), her 
insecure, drug-addicted daughter, 
during a short periodoftheir lives. 
The movie stans OUl with Suzanne, 

who, in the m idst o f making a 
movie, reaches her lowest possible 
point and is rushed to the hospital 
after being found unconscious from 
an overdose. 

When she is released from 
rehab, Vale discovers that the only 
agent in Hollywood willing to hire 
her does so on the condition that 
she live with her mother. Agreeing 
to this condition, Vale realizes that 
life is full of stressful obstacles to 
overcome, the grealest of which is 
the love-hate relationship she has 
with her mother. 

As usual , Streep ' s and 
MacLaine 's performances are 
brilliant; the film works primarily 
as a vehicle for them to show off 
their acting capabilities. In a sing-
ing debut that should put Loretta 

Lynn to shame, Streep proves that 
if she ever decides to give up 
making movies, she can always 
pursue a career as a country/west-
ern singe r. 

The dialogue is witty and fast 
paced, and probably the most well-
written script s ince "".Whe n 
Harry Met Sally." Because the 
charac ters are set against a Holly· -
wood background, the movie pro-
vi des a chance to receive a n 
insider' view on how the indus-
try works. Unfortunately, "Post-
cards "falls short withan extremely 
shallow plot that leaves the audi-
ence wondering whether they had 
been short-changed or had simply 
missed something in the plot. 

r really wanted to like this film, 
See POSTCARDS, page 8 

2 TANS $1 

./ 

One for You, One for a Friend 

30 TAN DAYS $29 
Call for details ' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap - Only $48 

Not a temporary water loss • Reduce cellulite and stretch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455-0909 

Jj} f'. A0... I 
'i: ",'-1 
-USTEN TO " 

EJpros 10/31190 

, MAGIC 101.1 -
,~ 

.. F~ DETAILS 
., 

FoW'ktNG RUSS T. Mw 
'It .r~ORAN \., 

ASAKIS 

•••••••••••• 
• .... CIO ... Draft • 

: m.g.: 
CLIP 
AND 
SAVE 

• Join Mil .... Genuine Draft, c.labia.. • 
the 1990 Cold Frant Countdown 

• coming to San Diego and Oceanside • 
this September 

• DeIoih 01 ooch Celebration as " fol low>: • 
• Oceanside Harbor - Sot., Sept. 22nd • 
• 

10om- lOpm Featuring "The Dynotones" • 
and FilWWorks at Night 

• 
Uarlner'e Point - friday, Sept. 28ih 3-7pm • 
Featuring "The Palaclins" & " Shiloh" 

• Introduction of Millet- Genuine Draft Cold • Patrol 
• Winners ollhe MuIfiM Sclerosis UaW • 
• 

.........,. Con .... win be Announc«l' • 

... FIHf Enlef10inmenl proYided by 
Miler Genuine Droit 

• ... food, alcoholic beverages,and soda ovoilable • 
• ... Plenty of SHOW on /he b«x:h • 
• For More Party Details, UdIn To • 

~ .~. ~;::;-;:;~~----'---'.--.'---'-----' •..........• 
.. ~---- ... -.. -_ .. _ ... ---_.. - ----.-------~-- --~ .. ------ ... - - ----.... "'----... ..... -... ---•• __ ... __ . J 



8 HIATUS 

Ask about recycled paper for all your copy needs. 

Recycling 
can make 

a world of 
difference. 

Kin la/ s is more than copies ... 
• Desk Top Publishing 
• Full Color Copies 
• Fax Service 
• Recycled Paper 
• Binding 
• Macintosh® Rental 
• Passport Photos 

8849 Villa La Jolla Drive 

457-3775 

OPEN 24 HOURS 

The UCSD Guardian 

POSTCARDS 
Continued from page 7 
and kept waiting for something 
pivotal to occur, but this was im-
po sible because the film work 
basically as a mother-daughter 
character study. Although Mann 
and Vale are successful at resolv-
ing their differences by the end of 
the movie, the audience is not so 
fortunate. 

While many themes are lightly 
touched upon, the movie leaves 
the audience wishing the filmmak-
er had delved into them in greater 
depth and detail. The problems of 
miscommunication, childhood in-
securities, and successful over-
protective mothers were somewhat 
adequately addressed-but they 
were solved a little too neatly for 
Vale and Mann, only temporarily 
rectifying the problems for the 
viewer. 

The conversations between 
Vale and Mann seem very stilted 
and unemotional during the scenes 

in which they are supposed to be 
breaking down barriers in their re-
lationship. Instead of emotionally 
climactic moments like those 
MacLaine provided in "Terms of 
Endearment" and Streep in 
"Kramer vs. Kramer," there is in-
cessant bickering between Vale and 
her mother. As a result, the viewer 
becomes starved for some good 
oid-fashioned heart-to-heart talks 
in lieu of the unrealistic, ultra-quick 
repartee Mann and Vale exchange. 
The audience feels little emotion 
for the self-pitying Vale, particu-
larly after being forced to listen to 
the unrelenting sarcasm she uses 
to cover up her insecurities. 

As the credits begin to roll you 
may ask yourself "Is that all there 
is?" The movie should have been 
left in the oven a few minutes longer 
to let the story line and themes 
develop a bit more; but if you're 
really hungry and are not too con-
cerned with substance or a deep 
plot, nibble on "Postcards From 
the Edge." 

Monday, September 24, 1990 

MARGIN 
Continued from page 5 
that Caulfield carrie around and 
talks back to him on occasion. 

Yet where this movie really falls 
apart is in it attempts to build sus-
pense until the culmination of a 
shocking scene. What happens in-
stead is that the movie's creators 
telegraph the scene almost to the 
point where it becomes predictable. 
That's surprising coming from di-
rector Peter Hyams, whose past films 
include the tension filled "Capri-
corn One," "Outland," and ''The 
Presidio. " 

It might be hard to believe that a 
movie which guarantees to "take 
you to the edge of suspense," could 
be as lacking as it is, but "Narrow 
Margin" still falls short. As far as 
suspense goes, the only ones who'lJ 
be shocked at the end of this one is 
the audience; when the train exits 
the tunnel, and the moon floods the 
cabin with light, and everyone finds 
themselves six dollars poorer. 

U. S. A:t!~-1-- - Washinlton D.C. 
'90.11.10(SAT) II (SUN) 
TOKYOi! ~ -1--o '90.12.27(THU) 

.-t!. T-Pli' . U SAt! < T- l"J30U, TOKYO t! < T- I'lSOU 
C1>1li"Mi, 1Jll!'.iti!J • I UllIl: Ij~.vrCT>f 'iIIIt, ~.I:{ffl!llili 

.fj.LiOh~B. USAt!tT-/ 101!8B(I!) TOKVOt!< 
- 111!12B(I!) .1;.1...y,.~'tffitfl, Mill'. ~fi'''.,,: 

') A "(~(I1'~CIJJl'iDHlL 1 T • "('(lJililn U T 
.m.~.f.I:':~~I992.61!.f. "(I: Bachelor l:U.(/J~ 
1.iLlI!1II)-t~~it 
• U. '~ilt"( . (:USAt!tT- 500~ 
lL-;!"(' . 'n;"'f)t, TOKYOt! < T- 121!15BuJ,f(:B'*'I:Hc 11. 

~n"(¥4/)'I99I.uJ,f(/Jnl:500 ~1L-1"( 121!1 48!;J.foJI:Hcn.~ 
n.:U~n': tl.."(2nFl1"( .m-t~,(tm(/J 

".I:gl} .f.T '7,,-. fL/lj;...1UJ,:ttlkl:'.IJi1tA.) 

. fj.L.y,." fj/llll"t'h1t . 

."~"1t. 1"(1:, t! t T-Q)(MiIIl!'j"(", .l:*t! ~ "t-t. 
aIlL"(l'tT h'Ml_h/llll'~h1tTi!'l' • 

i '11>1<. I.Ds Ar1Ietes III! o/iJ'f~ 
l§1iI ,j ... . t'lIil . ~. (~ 
New York 9122(±)23(B). Boston 9125(*)26(*) 
ChICago 9128( *). San FranCISco 9129( ±)30( B) 
1!IVU . f'JIIl •• t!J'II . .JXUI . .. (~ 

~~·t!lL.*- ~ (lQ(*w ~_. 
TEL 1-800-537 ZI86 11:1: 03-Z3~-5071 

1!JL-* - ~ USA. New York Office 
TEL 1-80o-3~.-7W 11:1: 212- 986-5520 
('I'B9:00 .. 5:00 .. NV Time) ('I'B9 .oo .. 6.00 .. 8~) 

1!l!V U . tIfIl . ,1!!1Ul • tXIlJ . .. 

• 

/ 

Ill1il/ iIJll 

HIGH 
HOLY 

DAYS 
5751-1990 

ATUSCD 
THE JEWISH CAMPUS CENTERS, UCSO 

THE UNION OF JEWISH STUDENTS OF UCSD 

Join IogeIher wi'" sluJenls in a Itigh ItoIy clay ohSfllWlnt:e lor ".. campus community 
• AI Rosh ~h ___ wiI be held in .... 
Price c.n..r 

• AI yom ~ ...... wiI be held In .... 
Price CenIIr oom • 

• ROSH HASHANAH 
Wed1escIay, Seplember 79 

Evening Service 
Thursday, Seplember 20 

Morning Service 
EYening Service 

Friday, September 27 

8 p.m. 

9:30a.m. 
8:00p.m. 

• YOM KIPPUR 
Friday, SepMmber 28 

KoI Nich s.mc. 

Services available at local synagogues 

Saturday, s.,wmber 29 
Morning SeMc:e 
MemariaI Service 
Aflemaan and 
Cancluding Service 

ncKETPOUCY 

7 p.m. 

9:30a.m. 
.t:45p.m. 

Sp.m. 

To ensure adequate seating, tickets must be pick.d up in advanc •• Full-time university students can obIain ticll.ts fr.. of 
charge at the Office of Religious Affairs, 502 Matthews or at the table on campus. 
A limited number of seats are available for non-students by reseMJIion. For information plea .. call 583-6080. 
Y04Jr participation in services is welcomed. Plea .. call the office 10 off.r your help in reading Torah, blowing the .hofor, 
or oIher aspects of the service. 

For further information call: The Jewish Campus Centers 534-2521 or 583-6080 


