
INSIDE ... 
UCSD Clips .......................... 2 
Opinion ................................ 4 
Features ............................... 9 
Arts & Entertainment .......... 12 
Sports ................................ 24 

University of California, 
San Diego 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 
Listening up 
to Weissbrod 
Director of Jones' new movie/12 

The UCSD 

SPORTS 
And the Beat 
Goes On 
W. Soccer wins again/24 

MONDAY 
October 29, 1990 
Vol. 71 , No. 15 

Former Director of NIMH Returns to UCSD 
• Judd will resume his post as director of Psychiatry after three-year absence 
By Kerry Hall 
Guardian Reporter 

Psychiatrist Lewis Judd has re-
turned home to the UCSD School of 
Medicine after serving for three 
years as the director of the National 
Institute of Mental Health (NIMH). 

Judd returned to his post as 
chainnan of the Medical School's 
Department of Psychiatry on Oct. 
16. 

"The experience of leading 
NIMH and working with colleagues 
there has been one of the most ex-
hilarating, gratifying, and satisfying 
experiences of my entire profes-
sionallife," Judd said to his NIMH 
colleagues when he announced his 
departure. 

"NIMH has been firmly and un-

equivocally established as a scien-
tific institute and has assumed its 
rightful place as one of the leading 
biomedical and behavioral research 
institutes in the federal government," 
he added. 

The United States is one of the 
few countries to devote an entire 
federal scientific institute to the study 
of mental illness, and NIMH is by 
far the largest scientific institution 
focused on mental illness in the 
world, Judd said. 

NIMH funds approximately 85 
percent of all research focused on 
mental research in the country, giv-
ing grants to various universities 
and research institutes. 

Much of NIMH's success is at-
tributed to Judd's leadership. 

"For almost three years, Dr. Judd 
has led NIMH with great energy, 
clarity of vision, and superb judge-
ment," said Frederick Goodwin. 
administrator of the Alcohol, Drug 
Abuse and Mental Health Admin-
istration. 

"He has been a champion of 
research to serve the needs of the 
mentally ill, and has strengthened 
the research enterprise in many 
ways," Goodwin said. 

During his tenure at NIMH, na-
tional research initiatives were 
implemented in three areas: schizo-
phrenia,neuroscience,andchildand 
adolescent mental disorders. In the 
fmal stages of development is a 
fourth project: a research plan to 
improve the care of individuals with 

San Diego Trolley Running North 
• UCSD prefers that the trains not go through campus 
By Eric Schmidt 
Guardian Reporter 

The San Diego Light Rail Trol-
ley system, which now runs between 
downtown San Diego and the 
Mexican border, may haul passen-
gers through thecenterofthe UCSD 
campus as early as 1996, according 
to the San Diego Metropolitan 
Transit Development Board 
(MTDB). 

Construction along the proposed 
route through campus may take as 
long as four to five months, MTDB 
Project Manager Dennis Wahl said. 

The route, one of three align-
ments through the UCSD area un-
derconsideration by MTDB, would 
run up Gilman Drive to the Veteran's 
Hospital, then out to the east side of 
campus along Interstate 5. It would 
then connect to an already-chosen 
route to Del Mar Heights Road. 

UCSD is discouraging the 
Gilman Drive alignment, though it 
would "provide good service to the 
campus," said Milton Phegley, 
UCSD campus/community plarmer. 

Phegley explained that the 
alignment through the west campus ' 
does not serve the best interests of 
the campus and University City 
communities. 

"It creates a great deal of dis-
ruption to the campus," he said. 

In addition, the Gilman Drive 
route will hurt ridership from Uni-
versity City because it is too far 
from the cornmunity, according to 
Phegley. 

UCSD plarmers prefer a more · 
central alignment which runs 
through the east campus 'along 1-5. 
Not only is that route more central to 
thecornmunity, but it also lies across 
the future center of campus as it 
expands, Phegley said. 

Phegley added that the existing 
university shuttle sy tern could be 

expanded to the trolley station across 
1-5 and thus would not cause a major 
inconvenience to students. 

A third possible alignment under 
consideration by the MTDB would 
follow Regents Road to Genesee 
Avenue. 

It could be a while until the fmal 
alignment of the trolley system along 
campus is decided. Wahl said that 
studies on the three routes may not 
be completed until April of 1991. 

Studies on possible routes from 
San Diego to Del Mar have been 
ongoing since the late '70s. 

Studies involve models which 
compare ridership along different 
routes to cost, federal and state en-
vironmental impact assessments, 
and engineering involved in the 
different routes. 

'There are two crucial factors 
involved: ridership -and cost. We 
still have to complete some engi-
neering work to define the design 
and establish the cost. Results will 
be forthcoming in the next few 
months," Wahl said. 

He added that MTDB is also 
See TROLLEY, page 3 

THE UCSD TROLLEY CONNECTION 

I 
i 

,'f 

• Three possible alignments exist for the 
San Diego Trolley's extension to the 
UCSD area, one of which would run 
through campus. 

-
-

___ Preferred Alignment 

• • • • Alternate Alignments 
• Station Sites Under Study 

-
HAl 

persistent and severe mental disor-
ders. 

"We've concentrated on the 
growth of this field ... it is moving 
extremely fast right now. We' re 
entering what could be seen as a 
'golden age' for the studies of men-
tal disorders, a more scientific in-
formation is emerging from the sci-
entific enterprise," Judd said. 

'The programmatic initiatives, 
as well as broad-based strategies to 
improve both our understanding and 
the care of patients with serious 
mental disorders, have been truly a 
monumental achievement," said 
David Kupfer, professor and chair-
man of the Department of Psychia-
try at the University of Pittsburgh 
and member of the institute's Na-

Ex-NIMH Director Lewis Judd 
tional Mental Health Advisory 
Council. 

Judd'saccompli hmentsinclude 
See JUDD, page 7 

Student Dies in Fire 
Early Saturday Morning 
By Jason Snell 
News Editor 

UCSD student Christine Ann 
Ekroos died in an apartment fire 
early Saturday morning, authori-
ties said. 

Ekroos, 2;3, was pronounced 
dead on the scene at 7:15 a.m. 
Saturday, according to Deputy 
Coroner George Dickason. 

The coroner's office has listed 
the causes of death as smoke in-
halation and thermal bums. 

According to officer Chuck 
Peck from the San Diego Police 
Department's Office of the Duty 
Lieutenant, Ekroo was found 

dead in her apartment on 6775 
Alvarado Street near San Diego 
State University. 

Peck said that Ekroos and her 
three roommates discovered that 
their apartment was on fire at 
approximately 7 a.m. Ekroos' 
two roommates escaped, aided 
by neighbors, but Ekroos was 
found dead by firefighters. 

According to Peck, there was 
no smoke detector in the apart-
ment. 

He suggested that the fire 
might not have been as tragic 
had there been a smoke alarm in 
the apartment. 

Proposition C Debated by Foes of 
Animal Seizure, UCSD Scientists 
By Debbie Rosenthal 
Staff Writer 

The San Diego County ballot 
that voters face in November in-
cludes one issue in particular that 
hits close to UCSD. Proposition C 
advocates the continued use of 
pound animals for medical research, 

EDITORIAL: Prop C'/4 
a practice widespread in university 
research. 

Current county regulations state 
that pound animals can be sold for 
the purpose of medical research if 
they have already been scheduled 
for termination. This occurs after a 
designated waiting period has passed 
and the animals remain unidentified 
and unclaimed. Research involving 
the use of these animals includes the 
search for cures to conditions uch 
as heart and lung disease, and diabe-
tes. 

According to the San Diego 

County Animal Control Depart-
ment, UCSD purchased 324 ani-
mals during the la t fi cal year (J uly 
1, 1989 to July 1, 1990) and 533 
animals the previou fiscal year for 
the purposes of medical research. 

The County of San Diego re-
ceives a fee from UCSD for each 
animal it provides for medical re-
search. This transaction falls under 
the terms of a long-standing contract 
between the university and the 
county, which designates payment 
at $55 for each dog and $30 for each 
Ca1(althoughnocats were purchased 
during the pasttwo years),plus sales 
tax, and an additional three dollars 
each for rabies vaccinations. 

According to a report drafted in 
part by Jim Bates, U.S. congressman 
for the 44th District of California, 
and in part by Fred Lee, executive 
director of the San Diego Humane 
Society, UCSD is the only institu-

See ANIMAL, page 3 



2 NEWS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 
Assistant Secretary of State Will 
Speak Tuesday Night at UCSD 

Richard Solomon, President Bush' sassistant secretary 
of state for East Asian and Pacific Affairs, will speak on 
the subject "An East Asia/Pacific Future: Integration in 
Economics and Diversity in Defense," on Tuesday at 6:30 
p.m. in the Robinson Building Complex Auditorium at 
UCSD's Graduate School ofIntemational Relations and 
Pacific Studies. 

Solomon will deliver a pOlicy speech on the future of 
America's security and economic interests in Asia. Prior 
to his appointment as assistant secretary of state in Jan. 
1989, Solomon served as director of the U.S. State 
Department's Policy Planning staff. Previously, he headed 
up the Rand CoJllOration's Political Science Department 
andalsodirected Rand's research program on international 
security. 

A former senior staff member for Asian Affairs on the 
National Security Council, Solomon has taught political 
science and Chinese politics at the Johns Hopkins School 
of Advanced International Studies and at the University of 
Michigan. He also has wrinen five book on Chinese 
politics and Asian security issues, and his work has been 
published in a number of professional joumals, including 
Foreign Affa irs and the China Quarterly. 

The lecture will be free and open to the public. 

Ex-President of Colombia Given 
Award by Institute of the Americas 

Fonner Colombian President Virgilio Barco Vargas 
has been awarded the 1990 Institute of the Americas 
Award for Democracy and Peace, the institute announced 
last week. 

Barco will receive the award in San Diego on Thursday 
before taking his new post in London as Colombian 
Amba sador to the Court of St. James. 

Two previous recipients of the prize, presidents Oscar 
Arias Sanchez of Co ta Rica and Raul Alfon in of Argen-
tina, helped in the board's selection of this year's prize 

Calvin and Hobbes 
¥\Ell., If 1\ \~t Ol' 

ROC~ -8m.' [QJES5 
10\) ~T 11£ ~ttC\1(; ON 
Itt£ Nf( ~! S££ , l'~ 

~\~ ~ w.s~ O\'l -mE 
~ 01" ""~ \IBD! 

In ThE ~iddLE aGE.S , 
Lords ctNd Vq'i$QlS 
Ii'l£<l iN q ruffLE 

systEM. 

1~ " bE~IVS . 
! ~T ,*1Ie.~ 

~ SM"Q.T 
t ~. 

I'CfI ~ CAAT IDl.. ~~I(I\ 
.... '( 1'\0\ F~C\~ , 9:> ~()J 
CHt'T ~E~ uP ~ \£~I\l~ 

1~ FIIW..I..~ "'~ ~CIJR 
~~S~nO!ol! 

The UCSD Guardian 

winner. A1fonsfn praised Barco for "his laudable honesty, 
firmness, and courage in confronting our hemisphere's grav-
est problems." 

Far-reaching refonns were accomplished during Barco's 
four-yearterm (1986-1990) as president of Colombia. These 
included a drive against corruption in the police force and 
security forces; opening the political system to full, multi-
party competition; and overseeing Colombia's [ust direct 
election of mayors and governors. 

In addition. he galvanized popular support fora campaign 
against Colombian drug canels. 

The Institute of the Americas is an independent organiza-
tion located at UCSD, and is dedicated to improving commu-
nication and understanding in the Western Hemisphere. 
Literature Department Symposium to 
Feature International Writers, CrItIcs 

Twelve renowned writers and critics, some of whom have 
faced artistic repression and censorship in their countries, will 
discuss emerging world literatures and multiculturalism in 
today's society in a symposiwn, "World Writing and Politics 
at the End of the Twentieth Century." 

The event will be held from Friday through Sunday in the 
auditorium of the Graduate School of Internatiooal Relations 
and Pacific Studies (IRIPS) Robinson Building Complex, 
celebrating the 25th anniversary of UCSD's Department of 
Literature. 

The authors anendingthe event are: TouLi, from Otina;N. 
Scorr Momaday, from America; BuchlEmecheta, from Nigeria; 
MarleneNourbese Philip, from Canada; Angela Krauss,from 
Germany; and SergioRamirez, fromNicaragua. Critics include 
Arnold Krupa!, from America; Wlad Godzich, from Canada; 
Ramon Saldivar, from America; Natalia lvanova, from the 
Soviet Union; CarJos Monsivais. from Mexico; and Barbara 
Harlow, from America. 

The symposium will be moderated by literature professors 
Michael Davidson. Rosaura Sanchez, Lisa Lowe, William 
Tay, Carlos Blanco, and Roddey Reid. Opening ceremonies 
will take place at 8 p.m. Friday in the IRIPS Auditorium. 
Stanley Chodorow, UCSD's dean of Am and Humanities, 
will providea brief statement. Momaday, Ramirez, and Philip 
will read from their works. 

A panel discussion of "Literature of the Americas" will be 
held Saturday from 9:30 a.m. until noon. From 2 p.rn. t05 p.m. 
Saturday, a panel on "Literatures of the World" will be held. 
There will be readings by Emecheta, Krauss, and Li at 8 p.m. 
Saturday. 

At noon on Sunday there will be a round-table discussion 
featuring all the event's panicipants. 

W-'\I!( 1\-\\S ~\ll 1t:K\I. ~ 
~T !IIJ1l£ APf. Sw.~ 

~\ol AIlI4AIS.' 'OJ ~'1 
OOT'Wl'r A \\\J~ .' 

by Bill Watterson 

JUS, ~I\EN I 1\lOIGIr 
M'5 JJ~\( W~5 tru;\\o\N\~6 

11> M;..'f(£ SEilS!: . 

Monday, October 29,1990 

Third College Symposium Will 
Discuss 'Why AmerIcans Don't Vote' 

As part of the celebration of Third College's twentieth 
anniversary, the college will sponsor the symposium 
"Why Americans Don't Vote" this Thursday and Friday. 

The symposium will bring together scholars and activists 
closely associated with the question of declining voter 
participation in the United States. 

According to Third College Provost CeciJ Lytle, the 
event bas a national importance, and may be covered by 
the C-Span cable television channel. 

A panel discussion will be held from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. 
Friday, featuringFrances Fox Piven and Richard Ooward, 
co-autbors of the book Why Americans Don', Vote . 

Friday from I p.m. to 3 p.m., a panel of three expens 
will discuss the topic "California Reapportionment and 
Redistricting: What's At Stake." 

All components of this event are free and open to the 
public. 

Pathologist Set to Lecture Tuesday 
Irving Weissman, professor of Pathology and Biologi-

cal Science at Stanford University and a prominent immu-
nologist, will talk about "Hematopoietic Stem Cells and 
Early HematolymphoidDevelopment" 314:30 p.m. Tues-
day in Garren Auditorium in the Basic Science Buildingat 
the UCSD School of Medicine. 

Weissman's most noted works focus on the immune 
systems of invertebrates, the development of T and B 
lymphocytes from hemopoietic stem cells, and the char-
acterization of homing receptors that guide circulating 
lymphocytes to their proper destinations as they migrate 
around the body. 

Mandeville Auditorium Will Play 
Host to Mexican, Hispanic Music 

Music in the Mexican and Hispanic Southwestern 
tradition will be heard at 8 p.m. Thursday in UCSD's 
MandeviUeAuditorium duringthe performanceof"Raices 
Musicales - Musical Roots of Mexico." 

"Raices Musicales" brings together performers of four 
regional music and dance traditions: the marimba of 
southern Mexico, the accordion conjumonativetotheTexan 
borderareas, the mariachi ofJalisco, OInd the jarocho harp 
from Veracruz. 

Tickets forthe event are available from the UCSD Box 
Office and TicketMaster outlets for $12, $10 for seniors, 
and $8 for students. 

GUXKI)IAN 
PHIL GRUEN, EdIIor In ChItIt 
ROUI MACLEAN, MatwgInIJ EdItor 
BEN BOYCHUK, ~ Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, AaocI8tII Sports Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Spans EdItor 
JAMES COWER, DNIgn Editor 
REBEKAH DENN, AuocIMe HeM Edttor 
GREG DIXON, ANac*te OpInion Editor 
BU DOWlER, Copy Editor 
MElH)A HAMIlTON, AaocIaIe News Edflor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, Aaoc:IeIt News EdItor 
LARA HEISLER, "'IOC"" Atfs Editor ~ HUIZAR, AsIocMIt Atfs Editor 
PETER KO, Aaodalw Sports EdIIor 
JENNIFER KOlSKY, Pho", EdItor 
KENT KORZON, .. ,-=-Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, Atfa£"lwn __ It EdItor 
MEL MARCELO, AaocIaIt GtaphIcs Ed/lOr 
SANGEET A MEHTA, AuocMrfe FeIIIuIaII Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, 4,.00." Photo EdIfOI 
JULIE PUZON, FMtIn8 EdIIor 
JEFF QUAN, Gi'tIpIIa Editor 
JASON SNEll, News EdItor 
RIIAS UZQlRlS, Pho", EdItor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, Aaoc:IeIt FetlturH Editor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, Atfa!E~t Edflor 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Manll(Jer 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertl.lng IbMger 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertl.lng OHlgner 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified RepreHnta,lve 
~ 1Iop_ ..... " KorII-. _ , ShIny FfO\lOOfi>ttgl<. Tit. sa-, Iloug _ 
__ _ , to ....... 8oIongot DMI!I toM.1!ondit WI""'. Poalo VaIIadoId 
~I<aIS Wq. Joelot 
rheUCSD_. ~ """"",. W_', -.I ''''"cI.onnOIho _,..,by .... ,., 
....... gil UCSO AepOOucIiM oj hi newspiplf IrI any Itm. ~ WI ""'*« .., PIJ1. ~ 
"""'1IOtI1 ~ ptOI'IbMd 0 1990," ngtIl ttWVtd ."" fJCSD ~,,~ ~ tor hi 
,...", oflll*'*' "'~. Of an Thl YItW • • • pttUedWl IrlChcland~ 1tG •• OtCOMltnl ..... 
40 no! *"w'" ,...-. ... CJPof'ICI1' of r,.,. UC$D G~Q.In, .. lJmtrMy elf CUIcma. t:. h 

~""**, TN GI.I.1rcNn - W.-vtQO!iOlI\Inyll'lOClol, ",donlln:NwhlllDdo_tittwn Yo 
EdiIurioI: 534~580, luoina. Office: 534·3466, Fax: 534·7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Monday, October 29, 1990 

ANIMAL 
Continued from page 1 
lion that"invadesourcounty pounds 
for animals." 

Needless to say, representatives 
from UCSD are actively supporting 
Proposition C. Most noted among 
the advocates are Jonas Salk and 
Roger Revelle, both of whom helped 
to develop an argument in favor of 
the bill that will appear in the No-
vember ballot. The main drive of 
the argument, crafted in collabora-
tion with Dan Evans, former vice 
president of the San Diego Humane 
Society, is that "no animal lives 
would be saved if the release of 
pound animals was prohibited." 

Furthermore, proponents argue, 
if the use of pound animals is dis-
continued,commerciallypurchased 
animals would be used instead, 
doubling both the cost to taxpayers 
and the number of animals used. 

The main argument against the 
bill is that such procedures are in-
humane. A statement signed by 
leading figures from the San Diego 
Humane Society and an organization 
called "Stop Taking Our Pets" re-
pons that the use of pound animals 
in laboratory re.>earch is unneces-

sarily cruel. County shelters are es-
tablished for the purpose of caring 
for lost and stray animals and, when 
necessary, providing a "humane 
death." Selling animals for pound 
research violates the very nature of 
the shelter. 

The report also states thai "using 
specially bred animals is more hu-
mane since these animals are con-
ditioned to laboratory life from 
birth." 

There is some controversy sur-
rounding the subject of only using 
specially bred laboratory animals. 
Revelle explained that "animal re-
search is necessary for medical 
progress," and that researchers in 
this field "need Ii variety of animals 
because they offe! different kinds of 
genes from the gene pool" to con-
duct effective research. 

According to the World Health 
Organization, however, "pound 
animals are unsuitable for research 
due to their unknown genetic 
backgrounds." 

Claims such as this have not 
deterred the university's ad vocation 
of the proposition. When asked what 
measures he was taking in support 
of the bill, Revelle said, ' 'The first 
thing we do is give five thousand 

The UCSD Guardian 

dollars to the campaign." [t was 
unclear if Revelle was referring to a 
personal contribution or speaking 
on behalf of the university. 

UCSD Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson has also shown his support 
for the proposition. His signature 
appears on another argument fa · 
voring the proposition, one that in-
cludes a report that "pound ani-
mals .. . have diverse backgrounds 
that are essential in medical re-
search." 

Other sponsors of the same ar-
gument include the national vice 
chair of the American Diabetes 
Association and the president of the 
San Diego County Medical Soci-
ety. 

Officials from the San Diego 
County Animal Shelter said they 
had no opinion on the issue. 

Even if the majority of voters 
cast a "no" decision on the issue, 
revealing that popular opinion does 
notsuppontheuseofpoundanimals 
in this manner, the regulations will 
not necessarily change. The propo-
sition appears in the ballot solely as 
"an advisory measure," which 
means that San Diego is under no 
legal obligalion to conform its policy 
to the vote 's outcome. 

At the Soup Exchange 
you can get soup, salad, 
fruit, muffins, cookies, 

frozen yogurt. 
,.. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
L. 

-------------------

In Soup 
and Salad 
We Trust 

Oller gaud onl~ ., 
parllnpallnl! locatlon\ The all-you-should-cat·restaurant. 

Coupon nOI 
lalid ",ilh 
an) other 

" Ilt' r. 

... 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I I 
I I 
~~~~~~~~~I 

... 

-------------------

And this little slice of 
bread. 

(soup EXf,hanSlt) 
The al l-you- hould-eat-restaurant.." 

LaJoUa 
7777 Fay Avenue 

Golden Triangle 
4282 Esplanade Court 
Costa Verde Shopping Center 

Pacific Beach 
1840 Garnet Avenue 

NEWS 3 

Woman Says Guardian 
Did Not Interview Her 

In the Oct. 26 news article, "Nurses picket Medical Center to Protest 
Low Wages," statements and infonnation were incorrectly attributed to 
Barbara Preece of the Nursing Recruitment Office. 

Preece said that she did not ever speak to the Guardian , and said that 
anything credited to her was not said by her; nor do the statements attributed 
to her reflect her thoughts. 

The Guardiall has been unable to verify the identity of the source of 
these statements, as the interview attributed to Preece was conducted over 
the phone, and the interviewee may have falsely identifiedherselfasPreece. 

The Guardiall regrets any inconvenience or error that the attJibution 
may have caused. 

TROLLEY: 3 Plans Possible 
Continued from page 1 
performing engineering studies 
for possible tunneling along 
Gilman Drive. 

In addition, ridership models 
have not been completed for all 
three routes, 

Although UCSD planners in-
sist that ridership will be reduced 
if the line is installed through the 
west campus, Wahl said no de-
finitive study has yet been com-
pleted. He said that ridership es-

timates are only projections ofI-
5 route data gathered by MTDB 
thus far. 

Finally, environmental im-
pact must be assessed to qualify 
for federal funds . These funds 
will help defray the current con-
struction cost estimate of $365 
million. 

Then, steps toward construc-
tion, projected to last as long as 
two years for the entire line, can 
begin. 

Robert's Auto 
German, Swedish 
Japanese Service 

• All Work Fully Guaranteed 
• Factory-Trained Specialists 

rI T 
.. 

(619)275-1132 
Mon.·Fri.7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am·5 pm 

4630 Mission Bay Drive (1·5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

---------------------

10% OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

'E:r.cept motor and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

La Joll a , s 
BEST KEPT SECRET! 

Come by for breakfast, lutlch, or dinner! 

-.. -c~'.''''_ 
• Overlooking Torrey Pines Golf Course 
and the Pacific Ocean 

• Beautiful outdoor dining 
• A wide variety of nutritious yet tasty cuisine 
• AII-you-can-eat salad bar 

HOURS OF OPERATION 
lIon.·Thurs.7 am-8 pm 

Friday closed al3 
Fridays tI1ru Sundays our reslauranl 

is open 10 cater your parties. 

Choices in the 

• Deli sandwiches, fresh fish 
and chicken entrees, and more ... 

r-----------------Enjoy your 20% student discount 
with a UCSO 1.0. 

.. _--_ .... _-------

Shiley Sports and Health Center of 554 FOOD 
Scripps Clinic' 10820 North Torrey Pines Road Call -



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN. Edilor in Chief 
ROBf MAC LEA • Managing Edi lor 
JASO S ELL. News Edilor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Edilor 
T~ UCSD Guard'Qn is published thrre: nrnes II wed. II the UmvtT'Slty of CaJ,fonlil. San Diego 
Contents e199O. Vle~se'(pl't sed herein rep~scnl the majonlY VOle oflhc: ed,lOliiJ board, and 1m nol 
necessarily those of the UC Board 0( Regents. ~hc ASUCSD. nor the: entire GuardUllt mIT. 

YES ON C 

The debate over animal research at UCSD will reach a 
crossroads on ovember 6. Voters will be given the opponu-
nity express their opinions in favor of or against the use of 
pound animal in lab experiments, provided by San Diego 
County. While PropoSition C i only an advisory mea ure, the 
outcome of the vote could influence a future decis ion by the 
County Board of Supervisors about the use of pound animals 
for research. 

The measure affects this campus directly, because the use 
of animal research, according to the oppo ition, is conducted 
only at UCSD among the many biomedical faci lites in San 
Diego. 

Animal research, despite the horrible visions the subj ect 
tend to conjure, has many positive ramifications. Grl!at 
lrides have been made toward cancer, heart di ease, and 

diabetes research through this type of r~earch. Animal rese~ch 
is an excellent means to a very good end. Proposition C needs 
to pas. 

The que tion Proposition C po es is simple: should animals 
- which would otherw ise be destroyed - be used for 
research? The wording. though biased toward a yes vote, is 
concise and ea y to understand. The proposition asks: "Should 
the county . . . continue to provide pound animals for medical 
re earch to see!. cures for disease such as heart disease, lung 
disease, and diabetes?" 

Bia ed? Yes. Accurate? Yes again. 
The argument in favor of the use of pound animals states 

that over 25,000 unclaimed animals were destroyed by the San 
Diego County pound last year, without benefit LO anyone. 
Additonally, only a fraction -about 324, or 1.2 percent - of 
unclaimed pound animals were released for research. There-
fore, thousand of pets are still dying at the hands of the 
anesthesiologi t in the pound. Whileanimals u ed for research 
still end up dead, at leastthey served some purpo e. No animal 
lives would be saved if the use of pound animals for experi-
mentation was prohibited. 

The argument in favor of Proposition C also points out lhat 
more than 70 critically ill infants in San Diego have been saved 
with a new technOlogy developed in animal studies. If not for 
animal re earch, most of these babies would have died. 

The opponents of Proposition C emphasize that it is about 
pound seizure , not animal research . Opponents claim that 
pound seizure violates the "humane concept" of the shelter 
system, which is toprovidea haven for lost and homeless pets, 
not to be "a warehouse" for laboratories. They claim that 
animal shelters are being invaded by researchers who are 
taking away "our pets." 

The argument claims that us ing pound animals is inhumane 
because they are "cheap and available." Instead, the argument 
goes , research u ing "specially-bred animal is more humane 
since these animals are conditioned to laboratory life from 
binh. " 

This argument assumes, then, that there is a difference 
between a dog which has lived in a cage all of its life and a dog 
which lived with a family of four, had a nice dog hou e and a 
large backyard. 

The argument asks, "Did you know that if your dog or cat 
were lost or stolen it could end up in painful laboratory 
experiments?" The que tion i a ploy which attempts to play 
on the emotions of voters with pets. 

Under the current regulations, animals wearing any form 
identi fication, such as tags or collars, are not released for 
research purposes. Animals are only released with the per-
mission of the people who bring them into the pound, and such 
animals are released for research only if they have remained 
unclaimed and unidentified for an additional five day after 
they would have otherwise been destroyed by the pound. 

Opponents of Prop. C hould ask themselves thi s question: 
if the question is only pound eizure, then what is the conse-
quence of pound seizure? Animal researc h. If pound animals 
are not used, what are the viable alternatives? 

Vote yes on Proposition C. 

The U CSD Guardian Monday, October 29,1990 

RUN F~ x:xJR LIVES! 
THEY'RE FINALLY fl[REt 
THEY'RE fMD! THtYRE 
ATTACt<Jt«i 114 ~I 
AND THEY'RE ~LY! ' 

I Have Seen the Enemy 
• Day by day the oppressed become the oppressors. 
If it's cool to be politically correct, you can count me out 
By Ben Boychuk, Opinion Edilor 

"We're all oppressed. We're all/he oppressors 
and we're all oppressed. We all hav!' these fears of 
each OTher and ourselves and ... unless you see that, 
there's no hope for any of US; Life is more compli-
cated than you want /0 admit." 

- Kathleen Tolan, A Weelcelul Near Madison 
It has been often said that the university is like an 

ivory tower, where students are somewhat detached 
from the "outside world" to facilitate the learning 

The UC5D Guardian 
Close-Up 

process, 
whalever thal 
may be. It has 
also been said 
thai the 
uni versi ty is 
not the real 
world-that 
everything 
learned in the 
classroom is 
essentially 
worthless, 

theoretical nonsense with little applicability on "the 
outside." I don 't think so. In fact, I am beginning to 
see that university experience - especially at 
UCSD - is a frighteningly accurate reflection of 
the real world. 

[ was born and raised in a suburb community 
about 15 miles nonh of Los Angeles. Up until I 
carne to UCSD. I had always attended small, private 
schools. Despite the obvious disproponionalily in 
size (600 students as opposed to 15,000), two 
characteristics have remained consistently aI the 
forefront of student life: oppression and frustration. 
The powers-thai-be "oppress" the students, the 
students get frustrated, and on and on and 00. 

I've noticed this phenomena manifest most while 
at UCSD. Unlike myoid schools where we had to 
produce "underground" newspapers to voice our 
gripes. UCSD actually has several papers that are 
funded to complain. Virtually every political 
orientation is represented. Virtually every complaint 
(real or imagined) is voiced. Oftentimes, t~ 
papers explain in detail how students are being 
neglected, exploited. or generally oppressed by "the 
power". 

Everybody has a correct opinion - unless of 
course you choose to disagree with everybody else 
- and will promptly accuse you of being a fascist-
pig or a commie-scum, depending on what you said. 
People will support your right to say anything, so 
long a~ you LOte their politicallioe. I remember 

when J told my parents I was chosen to be Opinion 
Editor this year, my mother, after telling me how 
happy she was. told me to be careful not to get 
people too upset 

"They might try to get you," she said. 
She wasn't referring LO "the power," either. She 

was talking about the reading masses. The sluderus. 
I laughed off ber warning, but I never forgot it. r 
still think it's ridiculous, but I can't help thinking 
about it. 

In the months since my mother's waming, I 
have drawn this conclusion which 1 hope some 
readers will agree with: the administration isn't the 
only "oppressor" in the world. The real oppressors 
are those who deny others the right to express 
themselves freely, and I as ure you, Richard 
Atkinson and the boys are not the only ones gUilty 
of this, if they are gUilty at all. 

Members of the administration listen to students 
all the time. Just because they don't actually do 
what students want, that doesn't make them evil. 
TItey are administrators - they administrate. 

But far too often do we see the do-gooder 
crusader for justice reap nothing but injustice. Jesse 
Helms may think he is championing decency, but 
he is really legislating morality. Activists may think 
they are striking a blow against fascist imperialism 
by throwing red paint on the Marine recruiter in 
Revelle Plaza. but all they are doing is suppressing 
that individual's right to distribute information 
about his org-cmization. 

These extremists forget thai the right to free 
speech extends to everyone. They exercise their 
rights to suppress the rigbts of others. The 0p-
pressed become the oppressors. What goes around 
comes around. 

The land of the free has become the land of the 
gee-I -hope-I-don 't-piss-someone-off -enough-to-
make-them-ftrebomb-my-car. We are living in a 
time when the public paranoia is reaching a fever 
pitch. and it ali Starll; in the university. Free speech 
ends here, and its void extends into the "real 
world." This is the age of the "sensitivity officer," 
LO ensure that we all think happy thoughts: Don't 
eat Domino' pizza. Don ' t drink Coors beer. Don' t 
forget that Elvis was a bigot. Be politically correct 
or die. 

There i a sick punch line to all thi s: oppression 
is omnipotent. There will never be perfect justice. 
We can "fight the power" aU we want, but victory 
wiIJ only install a more insidious establishment 
than the previous one. I have seen the enemy, and it 
i truly u,. 

Monday, October 29, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Readers Lash Out Against Commentary 
Editor: 

Greg Dixon' s views on U.S. 
policy in the Middle East 
("America Should Let Go of the 
Rogue," Oct. 24) display a basic 
lack of understanding of the dy-
namics in that region. 

Mr. Dixon claims that the clo e 
relations with Israel are a liability 
to successful U.S. influence in the 
region and, in addition, that " (s rael 
gives the U.S. nothing of value." 
Being upset with the killing of 19 
Palestinians at the Temple Mount , 
Mr. Di xon concludes that 
America's interests could be bet-
ter served by shifting our suppons 
to moderate Arab states suc h as 
Egypt and Saudi Arabia. 

These arguments show that Mr. 
Dixon does not understand the dif-
ference between Israel- which is 
the only democracy in the region 
- and it 's surrounding neighbors , 
which are all dictatorships. The 
arguments ignore the fact that 
Israel's abuses are the result of 
failed riot-control measures, while 
in surrounding Arab states (in-
cluding the so-called "moderates ") 
governments routinely commit acts 
of torture and human rights abuses 
much graver than any of those 
committed by Israel. 

Mr. Dixon lambastes Israel for 
the recent deaths of 19 Palestinians 
at the Temple Mount, and Israel's 
reluctance to allow a UN mission 
to investigate that incident. He 
states that the crowd of Arabs had 
come to worship, and that they 
were suddenly faced with live fire. 
In reality , the Arab "worshippers" 
at the Temple Mount were anned 
with stones which they lobbed at 
thelewish worshippers below them 
at the Wailing Wall. 

The fact that the Israeli pollce 
used Ii ve fi re to suppress tllis 
breakout of violence is indeed a 
sad fact, but one must not separate 

Are We 
Politically 
(In)COtI ed? 
What Do 
You ""ink? 

The UCSD Guardian 
welcomes )'OOfletersood 
oommentaries. Dropyour 
letter at the Guardian 0F-
fices Ion the second floor 
oftheold StudentCenler, 
abcwetheGeneraIStore) 
or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
Guardian 

9500 Gilman Dr. 
0316 

La Jolla, CA 92093· 
0316 

l.ettersshould be typed, 
double-spaced, and 
should include a signa-
ture and a phone num-
ber. Unsigned letters will 
not be printed. We re-
serve the right to edit for 
length and clarity. 

HEKlHTS 

this from the fact that it was the 
Palestinians who began the inci -
dent by throwing the rocks. 

Last week Sunday, a Palestin-
ian killed three Israeli civilians 
and se riously wounded a thirteen 
year-old boy . What was interes t-
ing about this event was that one of 
those killed was an off-duty po-
liceman, and that thi s policeman 
sacri ficed his own life in an attempt 
to avoid killing the Palestinian. 

When thi s policeman saw what 
was going on he ran out of his 
house with a gun, first shooting in 
the air and then shooting at the 
assailant's legs, but it was to no 
avail, for in a few moments the 
Palestinian had stabbed the po-
liceman to death. The standing 
orders that the pol iceman followed 
are part of Israel policy, and they 
reflect a policy that is humane and 
democratic. 

Mr. Dixon states that Israel 
s imply ignored the United Nations 
resolutions recently passed against 
Israel, and he wonders why. The 
UN resol ution against Israel did 
not acknowledge the Palestinian 
role in starting the incident , and so 

REGENTS' B EACH 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Mosl doctorat sludenrs (64·91 %). after 
completing their COIJrse work, remain with 
a dissertation pending complelion IIldefi· 
nitety. Among Ihesa ABDs (AII·B: 'Hhe· 
Dlsserlatlon) are generally found the 
bnghlesl and moSI creallva candldales 
AddreSSing those efemenls Inwlved In de· 
laying complellon, 1M workshop guides 
partiCipants. Irom beginning 10 lollowlng 
through and compielooil. particularly aller 
years OllflaCllvlly and regardless of where 
Ihey are In Ihe process. 

Workshop InformallOn 
985-0426 

Postgraduate Group 

it is not surpri sing that the Israeli 
government has rejected the reso-
lution . 

I will be the last to state that 
Israel has had a perfect record in 
it 's dealings with the Palestinians 
- it doesn't! But I do not see any 
way in which the mishap at the 
Temple Mount could justify cut-
ting off the special relationship 
that the United States has with 
I rae!. 

I srael' s occasional s lipups 
amount to nothing compared to the 
torture and ki \ling that is taking 
place in the rest of the Arab world . 
What kind of government should 
we support - a stable democracy 
that provides security and stability 
in the Middle East or dictatorships 
that routinely infringe upon the 
basic rights o f their citize ns? 

Aaron Dishon 

Editor: 
Greg Dixon 's commentary on 

Israel ("America Should Let Go of 
the Rogue ," Oct. 24) was so 
outragously one-sided I have been 
prompted to write my first letler 
after five years as a student here. 

First, he says that the U.S. sup-
port of Israel has gained us "virtu-
ally nothing" and "has cost the U.S. 
a great deal with the majority of 
nations in the region." Which na-
tions? Libya? Iran? Iraq? Syria? It is 
wrong to blame Israel for these ter-
rorist-supporting countries having a 
problem with the U.S. We western-
ers are infidels, and our deaths as-
sure in tant passage to heaven for 
Moslem terrorists. 

As to the comments on Israel 
"ignoring American policy when-
ever it chooses," that is because 
Israel is a separate nation and can do 
what it feels is necessary for its 
survival. It is not the 51st state. 

The West Bank is not a problem 
"[srael could have solved easily 

M6? UH,tIi'? ... r 'M NOr INTO 
CNII ... OISOe€OlENCE . My 
I'OP ~o AT e£Kr<ae( 
IN 11£ 'f:05, IWO ::'<\YS 
~ DIP ~ 0<-1I€ ~T 
~,~1HIN::6 

(J" I-VS LIft ... 

through compromise." The PLO 
c harter still calls for the destruction 
of all I rae!. 

The Israelis do not trust the Pal-
estinians because tOO many 
schoolbuses and marketplaces have 
been bombed. Does anybody re-
member Leon Klinghoffer being 
pushed off the Achille Lauro in his 
wheelchair? Or the murderer for the 
Palestianian cause, Abu Nidal? Or 
the murdered Israeli team at the 
Munich Olympics? How about 250 
dead American Marines in leba-
non? 

Dixon says that "This is not the 
type of government the U.S. sho uld 
identify itself with in the region." [s 
he saying that we should identify 
with dictator hips and monarchies 
that don't believe in freedom of 
religion, instead of the sole democ-
racy in the Middle East? Religions 
other than Islam are so repressed 
that our Marines, who may die for 
the rela ti vely moderate Saudi 
Arabia, cannot even bring a Bible 
with them into the country. 

And as for his point that a CNN 
poll showed lessening support for 
[srael-that may be because some-
times the national media can be as 
biased and totally irrational and ir-
responsible as an editorial page. 

Jack Nadler 

Guardian Fails To 
Be Informative 
E ditor: 

The word "newspaper" implie 
a publication that has some infor-
mative content. This being the case, 
the Guardian cannot be called a 
newspaper. 

For all too long I've been con-
fronted with the weekly ache of 
watching student money being used 
to deface paper that was better left in 
the form of a tree. 

'1 4088 Convoy 51. 
Kearny Mesa 
576-8542 

13 
32nd & Main 
San Diego 

281-9083 

12 
1800 B Roseaans 

PI. lOI!l3 
225-()279 

.4 
3443 Unlversily 

North Pas!< 
280-9883 

· We bag every comic 
• We offer Free Discounts 
• In-store subscription service 
• Special holds & searches 
• We're open until 7 p.m. every day 

OPINION 5 

Where else can you find uch 
newsworthy anicles as, "Credit 
Cards Provide Purchasing Power 
Without Money." orthepenetrating 
insight o f the Guardian cornmen-
tatorwhowrote, " Nothing ... 1Xt0uld 
give me more pleasurethan watching 
Dianne Feinstein swinging a 20-
pound club studded with six-inch 
iron spi kes directl y at Pete Wi lson' s 
head?" Thanks to Friday's edition, 
the students of UCSD now know 
that a credit card "[encapsulates 1 a 
seeming ly unlimited spending 
power." 

Nothing would please me more 
than watching the editor of the 
Guardian being hit repeatedly in 
the head with an English grammar 
manual. 

In the fu ture, please make an 
attempt to produce an actual news-
paper. All the Guardian has hown 
us thus far is a game played by 
children who do not know how or 
what to write. 

Timothy Haeg 
Editor's NOle : The Guardian is 
supported entirely hyadvertising 
revenues, and receives no funding 
from (he UC Regents, UCSD, nor 
{he ASUCSD. 

Phil Sucks 
Editor: 

K indly refrain f rom 
jinxing my favorite teams 
(Oakland Athletics , San 
Francisco Giants. San Fran-
ci co Forty iners, Golden 
State Warriors). Eliminate 
"Phil's Prime Plch" from 
the Guardian immediately. 

Aaron B. Levinson 

ByCAVNA 

·,\'>110 ('XCftYi_ S' 0Ij;Q 
all atitoelliUI'I! I,; carcls & gifls 

T"O Regent., Rd 
l.J JollJ Colony pIn.! ne.\110 Vons 

450-0709 



6 OPINION 

PIZZA AND PASTA CAFE 
COSTA VERDE CENTER . 8650 Genessee #312 . 455-5211 

"Best Pizza overall in the Golden Triangle" 
llelropolilan Magazine, ApIfl1990 

Pizza by the Slice 
Pasta 
Lasagna 
Salads 
Desserts 

V Free Delivery 
V No Preservatives 
V Student Discounts 

PRESENT STUDENT 1.0. FOR 10% DISCOUNT 
HoI valid ...u. ...., other disoou .... Lmted delivery area and lm!s MinmJm order roquired. 

_ ... _-------_ ... _-------

I LARGE Di Mattia's Pizza with Pepperoni, $999 I I Mushrooms. Olives, Green Peppers, ,. Onions I 
L Take out 0/ cIoIMry Must p'esenl """""" l.mted lime oller No! vaid will> ant other discoII1I. .J 
--------------------

The U SD Guardian 

...

.. Allied H ealth ~ Profe ionals & Adm inislralors 
.. Discover a chall e nging ~ fut llre with oppurtu llit ies to 

advance, Serve yuur coun try 
while you serve your career with: 
• great pay and benefits 
• normal working hours 
• ol11plete medical and dental 

care 

• 30 clays vacation with pay p r 
year 

Find Oll t how to qualify as an Air 
Fore professional. Call 

U AF HEALTH PRQIo' E SIONS 
COLLECT (619) 292-8862 

Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Math & Physics Majors 
On-campus interviews November 8th 

Whatever works for you, 
works for us. 

QUALCOMM . Inc. is one of Californi a's most progressive and fastest-growing 
communications ystel1l~ companie~ because we know how to attract and keep the 
hottest, mo t creative engineers in the indul>try. Our company - located less than 
one mile from the Pacific Ocean - allow~ new college graduates like you to apply 
your education and fre!>h ideas to today'~ most advanced communication system . 
You ' ll work on projects like: ~pread -spectrum COMA digital cellular telephone 
~ystems, mobile satellite communication networks, HDTV image compression, 
and full custom ASIC and MMIC design. We respect your need to be an indepen-
dent thinker, to decide your own hours and work at a pace ompatible with your 
own style. 

If you' re working toward~ a degree in elec trical engi neering or computer cience 
or a related field - and want to work in an environment that promotes creativity 
and indi viduality, sign up at t he Career Ser vkes Center to see us on Thursday, 
November 8th or send your resume with transcripts to : Diane Kourafas. 
QUALCOMM , Inc., 10555 Sorrento Valley Road , San Diego, CA 92121, or fax to 
(619) 452-9096, or by internet : dkourafas@drzeus.qualcomm .com, or call (619) 
587-11 21 ext. 197 for more information . Equal Opportunity Employer. 

Monday, October 29, 1990 

LETTERS 

In Defense of the 
New Indicator; 
Questions Raised 
Editor: 

We feel the purpose of a leller to 
the editor is to voice a concern by 
the reader of a publication. If thi~ 
publication is to take (\ tance on the 
issue presented by thi letterit hould 
do so in any of its other sections. 

First of all. we do not question 
the right of R. Toscano to e>.press 
his views on the Nell' Indicator ru. he 
did in the Oct. 22 Guardian; we 
completely support this right. What 
we do question is the way in which 
the Guardian appearcd to SUpp0I1 
Toscano 's opinion of the Nell' I n-
dicaror. 

The methods of the Guardiall 
are sublle. Rarely is an editorial not 
written by a sraff member of Ihe 
Guardian boxed, let alone shaded. 
One may think these are unimpor-
tant tactics but con ider the initial 
reaction of a person paging through 
a newspaper when seeing an article 
boxed and screened; the rationale is 
that to be given this treatment, the 
letter must be worth reading. 

The headline given to the letter 
reveals the attitude of the Guardian 
towards the New indicaTor. The 
headline "New IlldicaTor is Worth-
less Trash" would be ju tified if it 
was a quote from the letter. Even at 
his most critical, Toscano does not 
say that the New Indicator is 
worthless trash. Is this a conclusion 
reached by the Guardiall? Rather, he 
outlines different uses for the news-
paper. 

What we emphasize is that read-
ers of the Guardiall , or any paper, be 
critical of what they read, to try to 
see beyond the story in front of 
them. 

We feel that when doing so the 
reader will get a better understand-
ing of whatever subjects they are 
reading about. 

Editor : 

Adolfo Lopez 
Gene Chavira, 

Editors, Voz Fronteriul 

Regarding R. Toscano's letters 
to the editor in Monday's edition of 
the Guardian, perhaps "the vast 
majority of students" at UCSD do 
not appreciate his fascist remarks 
relating to the contents of the alter-
native political viewpoints offered 
in the New indicaTor. 

Such empty and inflammatory 
arguments de ervenothingbutcon-
tempt. At an institute that promotes 
higher learning it is shocking tl1at 
such a political neandelthal even 
exists. 

It seems to us that Toscano is 
implying that fund should be al lo-
cated on the basis of popularity 
alone. What of other less-popular 
A.S. funded groups and publica-
tionssuch asabdabbs. L.G.B.A ., and 
MEChA? Are these to be abolished 
also? Such mentality is a throwback 
to the era of Joseph McCarthy. Is 
book-buming next? 

The university experience is 
supposed to be one of expanding 
one's horizons: investigating new 
cultures, rei igions, philosophies, and 
political thought. 

It 's a shame a few narrow mind 
want to deny the re t of us a chance 
at a few of these experiences. Joe 
Watson and Senator Helms would 
be proud. 

J oe Tucker 
Jay Lindow 

Monday, October 29, 1990 

JlJDD 
Cor t1nued from page 1 

Judd had been on a leave of ab-
sence from CSD since his appoint-
mentby former Department of Hcal th 
and Human Services Secretary Otis 
Bowen to the position of NIMH direc-
tor in 1987. Judd had been offered the 
position previously but had refused. 
Hewasapproachedagain and asked to 
be considered a candidate because of 
his reputation in the field of psychiatry 
and his achievements at 
UCSD. 

The UCSD Guardian 

psychiatry anywhere in the world; it is 
considered onc of the top two or three 
departments in the counlly. [ThatJ it 
had occurred in such a sholt period of 
time, the growth of the department 
and the scientific and clinical exper-
tise has been such a linear ascendency 
itseernstohavebeenaratherphenom-
enal growth for a department, and[I 
played] a role in this growth process," 

ment. We received one of the highest 
increa-;es in any fedentl agency for 
fiscal 1991, which indicates that ithad 
moved from low priority to very high 
priority," he said. 

"We were able to reverse that, r 
think, basically because we were able 
to articulate a clear message to the 
Congress that mental disorders are 
among the most prevalent and serious 

disorders that human be-

NEWS 7 

"Schud.it and Gmnt were mO')t 
effccti ve in funhering the Psychiatry 
DepaI1ment 's clinical and research 
activitiesduringthistime,"saidGerald 
Burrow, vice chancellor for Health 
Sciences at UCSD and dean of the 
UCSD School of Medicine. "Under 
their leadership, many new studies 
were initiated, including one under 
Grant's direct ion 00 how the A.I.D.S. 
virus affects the brain, which has 
promise as a landmark study." 

init, It ing a program fort he mentally 
ill homeless, which gives them a bener 
chance of benefitting from research-
based improvements. He is also re-
sponsible for establishing a ocial 
work research task force to stimulate 
an examination of the fundamental 
roleof research and to suggest curricu-
lum changes in the education and 
training of social workers. In addition, 
he launchedamajorinitiativeairnedat 
improving detection and treatment of 
panic disorder, a mental illness affect-
ing 1.5 million Americans. 

"He has helped to improve the 
standard of psychiatric treatment in 
this country, especially because of his 
commitment to scholarship and re-
search," said Melvin Sabshin,medical 
director of the American Psychiatric 
Association. 

Judd joined the faculty 
as associate professor of 
Psychially and vice chair-
man of the department in 
1970. It was one of the 
newest departments of 
psychially in the country at 
the time. He becarnechair-
man and chief of psychia-

" We were able to articu late ... to 
Congress that mental disorders are 
among the most prevalent and se-
rious disorders that human beings 
experience_It 

ings experience. We also 
streSsed the case that the 
science and the brain sci-
ence that underpinned the 
study of mental illness 
made available phenom-
enal scientific opportuni-
ties," Judd said. 

As to Judd's future plans for the 
department, he said he first wishes to 
become better acquainted with the 
status of the medical school and the 
department and to refamiliarire him-
self in detail with the existing depart-
ment and itS standing. 

- Lawrence Judd, UCSD Scientist Judd said he is confi-
dent in the abilities of 

Hesaid he retumedto UCSDpartly 
because it is home to him and his wife 
and panly because of his personal 
strong commitment to UCSD and to 
the Psychiatry Department. 

Judd said that NIMH is Ilying very 
carefully to take its state-of-the-art in-
formation from research programs and 
make it available to the public. 

"We are Ilying to get it out to the 
public systems that are responsible for 
the mentally ill and cut to the practitio-
ners in the field to make sure that they 
areusingthe most up-to-date infonna-
tion in treating their patients," he said. 

try services at UCSD 
Medical Center in 1977, and held the 
position until Dec. 1987. 

Judd is an expert in the field of 
biological psychiatry and clinical psy-
chophannacology. His researchexpe-
rience includes studiesofpsychotropic 
drug effects on brain mechanisms, 
manic-depressi ve, illness and schizo.. 
phrenia 

"In essentially a 2O-year period of 
time, we've established one of the 
strongest scientific deparUl1ents of 

Judd said 
Traditionally, research in mental 

illness has received a lower priority in 
the federal scheme of allocations. 
During his three years as director of 
NlMH, Judd was able to change that 
significantly, raising the priority of 
mental research and brain research. In 
those three years, the institute received 
the three largest budgets in its history. 

"We were able to reverse what has 
been a tradition in the federal govem-

p 
OUR WN 

IND. 
GA. 

MEET THE FuTuRE 
OF CREATIVE THINKING. 
Amiga doesn't just improve your work, 
It improves your thinking. Just working 
hard isn't enough anymore. Creative thinking 
is what sets winners apart. 

The J\ miga computer was de· 
igned preei ely with tha t thought 

in mind. It handJe~ rou tine 
ta ~ks, then lets you 
go all the way to 
innovation and 
invcmion. 
Whatever you (an 
imagine, Amiga has the 
power to produ(e. Easily. 
Its built-in technology is a ma jor 
adva ncement in a comput~r of 
this size and pric~ range. 

With a m use and simple 
i om, Amiga combinesa full color 
displdY, full stereo sound, graphics, 
3·D animation , Video ca pability 
and tex t ll\ no other computer can. 

It ha the power to run ~oft 
ware sophisticated enough to 

manipulat~ va~t amount~ of data. 
as well 35 the crealive gel1lus 10 
[rcatc til(' completc \("orc for ,III 
orchest ral compo~i t lon. 
We deliver today, what 
others promise tomorrow. 
Amiga wa~ deligm'(j 10 keep lip 
with Oll , fro lll schoolwork de· 
mand th rough arret nec(b. 

You'll find stan ar what other 
people make optional. As ""ell as 
sophisticated technolO),'Y that 
doe n't exist on comparabl 
powered and priced computers. 
Creative edurational 
dist:ounts make AIIiga 
an easy derision, 
The Amiga Education Purchase 
Prol,rram for college and univerSity 
tudents, faculty and administra-
tor~ , offe rs a wide range of fully 
Io.lded, peei,llly bundk'd IMrd\wc 
,)'Stl'ms, with a complete s)'~tem 
starting lll1dt'r S700: All include 
a one year limit d warranty and 
Am ig.] Vilion." 
The best way to make up your 
own mind is to try Amiga. 
Stop hy YOlir ampuI I\uthoriwl 

Amig~ Ilealer and Rei your hal1l11 

on the future of computing. 
ure. some people buy what's 

standard. But we think you can 
make up your own mind, and 
choo e ~ollr own best course for 
the tut u're. After all , isn't that what 
college is dll dbtJUt? 

AMIGA 
fHE CO\lPLITlR fOR I HE CRlA m 1 \II~ LJ. 

( '·COft'Imodor." 

The Lively o mputers 
471 Broadway 

EI Cajon, CA 92021 
(619) 588-0902 

t 111\1111( "mff" ... " ... til' .nt ,~\I,M'"'''''' '11\ , "m"II ... ~,,\ "l<1 Uk l , III 10,,110-, ... ')\l' It~ It ,..,,11,,"\1 II """"\,1' ...... \ 'I'''" ~Io,,, t It It, III .. \ I to "'11(,1 ~,l ' u(,'" ."ill.loIk m.nt. 
,It t "r!1lno ...... h \1111~ 1,,\ I I'k I ""With I ,,'" 11\\ ( 1\01"\0 \t,,~II~J ' ....... '".ul. ,II t "UlII".~'" \1111,,: ., It" 
',',,, ... ,, ",,,1. I 1/1. 1,116< ..11""1 '"Uh lu", "'II)/J,lrn .1\ M 1\ 'HI 1"110. I" ,ukl, -Ihlf I.,n" I .1 til" 11I."a,un ,It. '"I",. tU" h.lI1..:. " •• , -.",.1 ,M I"" 

NIMH to continue suc-
cessfully in his absence. 

"[The plan we developed] is very 
stable and should carry the institute 
well into this decade," Judd said. 

Acting as chairman of UCSD's 
Department of Psychiatry in Judd's 
absence were Marc Schuckit, profes-
sor of Psychiatry and head of the 
Alcohol Research Center at San 
Diego's Veteran's Affairs Medical 
Center (V AMC) in La Jolla, and Igor 
Grant, professor of Psychially and 
assi stant chief of Psychiatry 
forambulatory care at the V AMC. 
Schuckit served from Jan. 1988 to 
July 1988,andGmntfromAug. 1988 
until Judd's rerum this month. 

'" wanted to come back and make 
mycontributiontothemedicalschool, 
the campus, and the department," he 
said. 

"B y nature, I've always been a 
man of grand ambitions," Judd said. 
"Our goal is going to be to make the 
UCSD DepartmentofPsychially un-
questionably the best in the world, and 
I believe it is quite feasible. We' re 
close." 

The Department of Psychiatry is a 
part of the medical school and oper-
ates the psychiatry service at the 
VAMC. 

FREE FRIES 
Brmg :h:s :::d or. you: r.ext VISI: and receIve one order of 

AmerIcan Fnes FREE when you order an Ongmal or a ;12. 

DELMAR 
The authentic HamburgerjMalt Shop 

• Hamburgers • American Fries • Chlli 
• Sandwiches • Pies • Malts • Shakes • Floats 

Now Near Your Campus 
Del Men Plaza - Street Level 1555 Camino Del Men • 755-19S4 

Sun.-Thurs. 11-10 • Ft:I. 8< Sat. ll-Midnight 



8 The U SD Guardian Monday, October 29, 1990 

OFFICE WITH A VIEW 
The Peace Corps is an exhilarating two year ex-

perience that will last a lifetime , 
Working at a professional level that ordinarily might 

take years of apprenticeship back home, volunteers find 
the career growth they're looking for and enjoy a unique 
experi ence in the deve loping world , 

Internationa l firms and government agencies value 
the skills a nd knowledge mastered during Peace Corps 

, 

serVice , 
ON CAMPUS THIS WEEK 

INFO BO OTH : Tuesday thru Thursday, Oct. 30, 31 & Nov. 1 
The Hump & The Price Center, 9 am - 1 :30 pm 

MEET WITH RETU RNED PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEERS 
Tuesday, Oct. 30 - Career Services Center, Conference Room, 2 pm - 4 pm 

OVERSEAS OPPORTUNITIES IN MATH AND SCIENCE 
Wednesday , Oct. 31 - C areer Services Center. Conference Room, 2 pm - 4 pm 

QUA LIFYING FOR PEACE CORPS WITH A LIBERAL ARTS DEGREE 
Thursday, Nov. 1 - Career Services Center, Conference Room, 2 pm - 4 pm 

INTERVIEWS: Wednesday and Thursday, Nov. 14 & 15, Career Services Center 
A PPLICATION MUST BE COMPLETED PRIOR TO INTERVIEW 

SENIORS - APPLY NOW! 
For applications or more informatio n visit your Career Planning Center or c ontac t Peace 

Corps collect at (21 3) 575-7444, ext. 110. 

Peace Corps 
The Toug hest Job You'll Ever Love . 

FEATURES 
Monday, O ctober 29, 1990 

WORDS 
ETCHED 
INSILVER ~ 

• 
• Literature Department 
celebrates 25th anniversary 
By Kent Korzon 
Senior Staff Writsr 

Gathered from Me,uco, 0Una. Nigeria, USSR, 
Gennany, Nicaragua, USA, and Canada, a goulash of 
world-renowned writers and critics will join together at 
UCSD to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the Department 
of Literature. 

The three-day symposium, "World Writing aOO 
Politics III the End of the 20th Century," will be held III 
the IRJPS Auditorium on Nov. 2, 3, and 4. All sessions 
are free and open to the public, but registration is neces-
sary to allow for adequate sealing ~IS. 

According to Jon Snyder, associate professor of lIa1ian 
Litenlb.U'e, the symposium is a product of two years of 
plaming. 

The theme was chosen to reflect the Department of 
Literature's "wJique, multi-disciplinaly" focus, Snyder 
said. "This seems the ideal way to celebraIe what the 
department is, what the trer:ds are." 

A quarter of a centwy ago, Roy Harvey Pean:c, Raben 
C. Elliot, and Andrew Wright founded an .innovative 
Dcpmtment ofLiteranue. 

Unlike thaieofmost Wliversities, UCSO's Department 
of Literature houses all the various.language§ under one 
roof. Engl;sh, French, or Latin American literaJures are not 
distinguished as separate studies, but are all UDder one 
umbrella. 

In addition, a first-<lf-its-kind degree in "Literature" 
will be available at the doctoral level this fall. Other 
doctoral programs distinguish between various languages, 
and while candidates will focus on specific 1itenItures, 
UCSO's degree will serve for all doctonIl students of 
litenlture. 

The speakers, many of whom are expatriates, were 
chosen to represent the diverse themes of the department, 
Snyder said. 

The participams will discuss world writing and its 
relation to politics, Snyder said. The topics will ilXlude, 
cemorship, minority discourse, respect for orher cultw'eS, 
and multiculturalism. 

Buchi &nccheta, a Nigerian author living in London, 
writes children's books, 1V scripIs, short srories, personal 
narratives, and novels. Her writings often center on 
women's issues in West Africa, and on African women in 
England. 

Emecheta, called "a displaced writer" because she felt 
compelled to leave her horOeland of N'8eria, is coming to 
the United States for the first time, Snyder said. She will 
read from her wmks. 

Born in 1942, Sergio Ramirez is a "poet and politician" 
from Nicaragua. Snyder said. Ramirez, just allowed into 
the U.S., was a minister of culture in the Sandinista 
government. 

Ramirez began to write short stories and novels in the 
60s and early 70s. His worl<s have been translated into 
several languages. He will read from his novels and 
poetry. 

From China, Tou Li is considered one of Ol.ina's 
leading avantc-garde writers, and is a well-respected critic 
and editor, Snytler said. Li left 01ina the morning before 
the massacre at Tianarunen Square, and ha<; not returned 
since. This will be his fll'St appearance in Southern 

See ANNIVERSARY, Page 15 

The UCSD Guardian 

Mel ~loIGuardian 

FEA TURES 9 

Straitjacket 
Happiness 

"So what," he thought, "things like it have hap-
pened before, and they'd most assuredly happen 
again, so there really was nothing special about his 
case. It wasjust the luck of the draw. Yep, tbeluck of 
the draw, that was it." 

Besides, he felt peaceful now, and there was a 
relaxing ease to his days. 
He rather enjoyed medi-
tating like this, in his com-
fortable position, with his 
eyes reflectively shut. 
Wen, he could be a bit 
more comfortable, he de-
cided, as he tried some-
what unsuccessfully to shift his position . 

1he images of that night came flowing in again, 
with a lazy persistence ... 

It was sodelicious/y warm then. but with the cool 
breeze that was such an integralJU1ure of those early 
summer evenings. Everyone wasfeeting it too, those 
same feelings of excited expectation, and almost 
impossible to restrain impulses of jubilant careless-
ness. It must have been the music that encouraged 
that feeling. He listened again 10 the pounding 
resonance that reverberated through the ha=y room 
and into those sweating, gyrating bodies. Hefelt the 
insistent beats of Erotic City echoing through their 
insides. compelling him and the rest to move with that 
nihilisticfervor that was so liberating. so free. Yeah, 
he was enjoying himself that niglll.His senses seemed 
so much more pronoulICed. his life seemed so much 
more e.xciting. people seemed so milch more ilUer-
esting and fill! to be around ... 

And he remembered hisfrierul suggesting they go 
into the bathroom, and he had eagerly gorrenup and 
followed. It was Ihe danger and secretiveness thai 
made it that much more appealing. And gathering 
together in the bathroom stall, they passed around 
the life-giving elixir once nwre. He waited with 
greedy QlUicipation for his turn to swallow the 
warming. bitter. and oh-so-powerfulliquid. And as 
he fought to show off to them. gulping as deep a 
swallow as he could musler, he felt its syrupy texture 
flame down his throatand light IIphisstomach. God. 
how great it was to be young and dangerous ... 

He tried to adjust his shoulderto relieve the kink. 
fonning in itbut to no avail; he was tempted to open 
his eyes and look over at it but did not want to fall out 
of his reverie. 

.. . and powerful! They took many nwre turns 
before they left, their giddinessand giggliness spiral-
ing up in volwne and almost threatening their con-
cealmelu. After they walked 01lI together, their spirit 
of conspiratorial camaraderie solidified. The bass-
filled, primal rhythms alICe more pervaded viscer-
ally to his core as he returned to the smoky heat. He 
walUed to dallCe again, to feel his mighty strength 
again, to show theforcefulness, the irresistibiliry of 
his being as the encouraging wails of The ClIre 
singing "Let's Go To Bed," egged him on. And he 
took holdofhisdate,pulling her oilton the stage. His 
eyes had scanned The crowd. soaking up their pure 
physical being, their sel/Sual neediness all aching TO 
be appreciated. And he did appreciate them, wulfelt 
their need as his own. And he looked at her, and 
reveled in all that was her that was opposite to him. 
And he laughed. An unstoppable gut laugh that filled 
him wilh angry ecstasy as he saw her in her naked-
ness. She smiled as he listened to Ihe lyrics being 
sung. This time Joy Division - "She's lost connol 
again, she's lost control." And he was bolstered in 
h is desire to forget about the difference between right 
and wrong. toforget aboutrespolISibilityandobliga-
tion, to forget about tomorrow. to forget abow 
evelyrhing but this minute. To live just ill this glori-
ous. eterMI millwe! Andshe shared it too.just like the 
rest of them, and thf!Y rejoiced ill their well-kept 
covellalU. 

'That was a long lime ago and he was much 
younger then ... at least it seemed faraway. But things 
were better now and he was ITKlre sensible, more 
mature. And he had forgiven himself for that one 
night. Things happen and they're just not our fault 
People make mistakes and you goon again. And that 

See JACKET, Page 11 



10 The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 29, 1990 

What's shakin at Costa Verde Come 10 Costa Verde Cenler - Where rock, and roll, and 
Center? For a double dip, there's most every other convenience is here to stay. Other 

Heidi 's Frogen YOIurt and Steve's Ice Cream. stores: BusyBody, Costa Verde Car Wash • Homefed 
For the dips~ck, there's a gas slation and car wash, Bank • La Jolla Cleaners. Mail Boxes, Etc •• Diva La 
as well as a Fox Photo when you're really on a roll. Jolla Florist • Gingiss FannaIwear • Video 
Pick up a flick? A CD player for your golden oldies? Gallery 

Trying to stretch dollars when 
you're computer shopping doesn't mean 
you 're willing to make sacrifi es. 

That'S why you should consider the new, affordable Macintosh* Classic* computer. 
It has everything you need-iJ1c1uding a monitor, keyboard, mouse, 2 megabytes of 

RAM, and a 40-m~1e hard disk. J ust plug everything in and the Macintosh Classic is ready 
to run, because the sy tem software is already ~talIed: And, thanks to the Macint h 
computer'~ legendary ea.'le of use, you'll be up and running in no time. 

like (."Very Macintosh, the CI3S.)i can run thousands of available application that all 
work in the ~e, consistent way-so once you've learned one program, you're well on your 
\VdY to learmng them aU. And this is one cheap r(X)mmate that d~n't have lfOuble sharing. 
The Apple'" uperDrive ~standard equipment with every Ma inta.h- reads from and 

writ~ 10 Macinta.h, MOO , 0 /2, and Apple II floppy dhks, whi h m~ you can share 
information with ~meone who use:, a different type of com pUler. 

See the Macinto~h Clas,~ic for YOUl~lf. lt 'U change your mind alxlUt Che-dP roommates 

For further information visit 
UCSD Bookstore 

534-4291 

Ii. lhe power to be your be l~ 
• Mac.nloart Cia w: eompuhtt. J)4Jl chased before January 1ii1 Include • ."Iem wttwaf, on tloppy d,p, sottwal' IS no! INla!led 

199o AppI. Computet' Inc Apple Ihe Apple lOgO and MaCtf'lIOth II' reglSl.,ed trademarkl 01 ~ Comwl.r Inc: SYper[)tIY' and MTht 
pow., 10 be 'fOUl t)eSl arl IIloem.rk. 01 Apple Computer Inc OnK II I regllterld Ifldemano. I~ 10 AwIe Computlr Inc MS DOS 
III IlgISleflKllla'3ematk ot MlCI'osotl CotporalJon 0512 II • reg •• lfIlM II'~II!; 011nternabonal Bu5lne5t Machtntl. CQrPOI.IIOfI 

Monday, October 29, 1990 

JACKET 
Continued from page 9 
is what he had resolved to do. But he 
was getting tired once more and the 
restful padding made him start dri fling 
out of consciousness. But the enjoy-
ment of returning to that tepid, hard 
night led him back. 

Reluctantly, when lhe hours had 
grownoldand the bottledivesteditself 
of its last drops, they meanderingly 
rambled out into the breezy black. The 
talk was all garbled c}l(mer, but no 
one seemed to mind that they weren't 
comprehending it. And he gathered 
them in his car, his well·tended baby, 
and set off in search of differeru, less 
transieru sources of pleasure. The 
wheel felt good in his hands, as a bat 
does to a baseball player: well bro-
ken-in and comp/etely faithful to his 
wishes. ThepedaJunderhisfOOlsethis 
blood surging, as he made it work its 
magic, his devoted genie. And they 
laughed, andye/Jed,andnooneneeded 
to see because they a/l knew. And as 
the streets were eaten upbythe Jwngry 
machine, the intensity rose to afever· 
ish pitch. And even as it happened it 
iust seemed like paN of the game,part 
of the dance.Andqs they watched with 

urunoving eyes, as the translucentyel-
low and reflectant chrome came iruo 
COnJlJCt, and as they felt the crunching 
metal and shattering glass and heard 
the screeching and scraping andyell-
ing and moaning - they must have 
noticed (well, at least he did) that it all 
seemed so melodic, so poetic. It was 
just one more rhythmic dirge to dance 
to. And even afterward, with all the 
flowing red and sizzling black, and all 
lhe cacophonous dissonance, it still 
felt so aesthetically pure, so without 
contradiction. 

But that was only inunediately 
afteIWards, he remembered, as he felt 
thegrowlinhisstonu:handwondered 
where his food was. 

Too quickly the music and the pa-
etry came to a grinding halt. And 
although the next days were onJy a 
blur of unfamiliar faces pushing at 
him, and strange machines poking 
into him, he knew all too well the 
shame,theanger,thepain,thehatred, 
thefear,andtheloathing.Hewasglad 
llHI1 had come to an end. Then there 
were endless days ofcouns; of judges, 
of lawyers, ojjuries of Slinging words 
like "manslaughter" and "vehicular 
homicide" beingflung aboullike holy 
water to cleanse souls. And then there 

The UCSD Guardian 

were pleas, and testimonies, and ap-
peals. But the uncertainty was over 
when it came time to make a decision. 
Because he knew what was best for 
himself. And he and Ihe judge - an 
old man whose wrinkled eyes knew 
how to express surprise in a way he 
felt sure no one else could surpass-
had put their heads together (as well 
as the rest of their Ixxiies)and came to 
afitting solution that suited both him· 
self and the rest. Their faces all reo 
vealed thallhey knew it to be righl. 

People could never forgive you 
until you forgave yourself first. He 
had learned that lesson well. Anyway, 
that was over and past. He had put that 
behind him and was happy about 
starting over again. And he was 
comfortable. Well. not quite. he ad-
mitted, as he tried once more to shift 
his position. This time he opened his 
eyes as he did it and took in com-
pletelythestarlc, blindingly white four 
walls of the room. "If only I could get 
this kink out of my shoulder." But the 
tight, comfortably secure restraints of 
the straitjacket again prevented his 
movement - "but only until the nurse 
comes with my food," he reassured 
himself smilingly. 
- Todd Braver Isa ReveiIeJun/or. 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

-Free Pregrumcy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

ePregnancy Termination 
eGeneral or Local Anesthesia 
eLow Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After ConCtprion) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
eStudent Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

Q;r;t 
~ochoi(e 

... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

PRE·MED? 
CHOOSING THE "RIGHT" MEDICAL SCHOOL? 
Prepare to become an osteopathic physician as a family 
practitioner, pediatrician, obstetrician, surgeon, internist, 

or any of the medical specialists at the 
College of Osteopathic Medicine of the Pacific 

LEARN ABOUT OUR MEDICAL PROGRAM AT AN 

OSTEOPATHIC MEDICINE AWARENESS 
CONFERENCE 

Saturday, October 27,1990 
8:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m. 

San Diego State University 

For regi tration forms or information contact, on your 
campus, Dr. Dee Puntenney at 221.2349, or Teri Lopez 
at the College of Osteopathic Medicine of the Pacific, 
1-800-447.2667, ext. 206, no later than Oct. 26, 1990. 

FEATURES 11 

A neighborhood hamburger, fries & malt shop in the old style tradition. 

L A J 
7863 GIRARD AVE. 
comer of Wall & Girard 

-o L L A 

456-4001 
•••••••••••••••••••• 

: FREE "ORIGINAL" HAMBURGER = 
: with ANY purchase = 
• ~n • 
• • Special inlroductory cIIer ..alid 0110 .lola _ on 
• bctobor 30 ~ 6 p.m. one! 10 p.m. One • 
• coupon per cu_. 0fIw subject 10 <Mlilobi1ily. • 
• MY" poeoenl coupon 01 lime 01 purcho.... • 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

PHOTOFINISHING QUESTIONS? 
WANT FUJI? 

General Store CCH)P VB. The Bookstore 
$1.80 .......... 3x5 12 expo ... ... ........ .. doesn't have 
$3.32 .......... 3x5 24 expo .......... ...... doesn't have 
$4.55 .......... 3x5 36 expo ................ doesn't have 
$2.75 .......... 3x512 exp.(2x) ... ..... .. $2.99 
$4.97 .......... 3x5 24 exp.(2x) .......... $4.99 
$6.97 .......... 3x5 36 expo (2x) ......... $6.99 
$2.75 .......... 4x612 expo ........... ... .. doesn·t have 
$4.74 .......... 4x6 24 expo ................ doesn 't have 
$6.64 .......... 4x6 36 expo ................ doesn·t have 
$3.45 .......... 4x6 12 exp.(2x) .......... $3.47 
$5.95 .......... 4x6 24 exp.(2x) .......... $5.95 
$8.40 .......... 4x6 36 exp.(2x) ... ....... $8.43 

WANT KODAK? 
General Store CCH)P VS. The Bookstore 

YES! NO! 

GET THE PICTURE? 
The General Store Coop is locateCi in the Student Center and is 

open Mon.·Thurs. 8:45 am ·6 pm and Fri . 8 :45 am ·5 p.m. 

f\lMdeve\Op\ng 
ga.veSl 

Gel $1 Oft the regular low price of 
onv roU of 135. 110. or OtiC color 
print tum (C .... i Ploces.s onlV) left lot 
d ..... loplnQ and prlnnng In'o 
Sfondord SIze, Double Ptlnts. Of 
Super PIli color prInts. 

ott-I" good 
Oct. 29 thr\l Noy. 2. PHD . 



TS & EN11'ERTAINMENT 
Monday, October 29,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

pletely the writers' ? 
Wendy Robie: She was definitely scripted. 

It's not my invention. It's the writers' and 
director's. 1 can't take credit for what they gave 
me. I wish I could. I can say that invention 
sometimes came out of what we were doing, and 
sometimes things changed from what I read on 
the page and what we put on film. 

G: Let's talk about drape runners. 
WR: Oh no! Forget drape runners. Drape 

runners have kind of run their course. I think 
we've gotten enough mileage out of drape run-
ners, don't you? 

G: Did you see "Saturday Night Live" and tire 
impersonation oj Nadine? 

body had any idea what we were doing, we were 
having the best time. All those "Damn good 
coffee" jokes were ours. It was our little club. 

G: And now the whole world's in the club. 
WR: Yes! It is the weirdest sensation. I'mjust 

this little Shake peare actress from the Pacific 
Northwest. I've spent my life in rehearsals in 
character shoes clomping around and being Lady 
Percy or something. 

G: Have you been recogllized all the street 
yet? 

'Listen Up!' Captures the Hit Man 
By Melito Marcelo 
Senior Staff Writer 

America is in the sticker business: we 
love to label everything. Music magazines 
and radio stations are notorious in their 
labeling of music: white soul, heavy metal , 
alternative rock, black music. Predictably, 
misinformed movie viewers will label the 
film "Listen Up: The Lives of Quincy 
10nes" as a " black music documentary." 

During one segment of the movie, 
Quincy Jones attempts to rap. Weissbrod 
notes that "he looks like a jerk. It 's a 
little embarrassing, but he's not scared 
to do anything. What else could you 
live for. If our parents could tell us 
anything, they should tell us, 'Don't be 
what I want you to be - be what you 
have a passion to be. '" 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 13 

WR: Yes, I was flattered and you could al-
most, in a way, say I've 

WR: Yes. You're in people's living rooms and 
they feel that they have a kind of intimate knowl-
edge of you. They 've sat on Iheir couches in their 
bathrobes and watched you. It's a straage thing, 
television. It's a weird thing to be recognized. It's 

nice. Usually, people are 
very shy. They'll halt-

This film doesn't fall into a simple 
categorization. Interviewed in her 
Coronado hotel room, director Ellen 
Weissbrod revealed that the movie tran-
scends Ihe labels people stick to it. It car-
ries a message for all artists and individu-
als; it's more than just a passive "docu-
mentary" on music. 

For people of color, this is not the 
easiest credo to follow. An underlying 
theme in the movie is music's ability to 
fight the anger generated by racism. 
Asked about the issue of racism, 
Weissbrod ac-

Quincy Jones, director Ellen Weissbrod, and producer Courtney Sale Ross. 
been on "Saturday Night 
Live," couldn't you? I 
thought it was very en-
tertaining, and I really 
liked her coat. 

G : Is DavidLynch as 
bizarre as everyone says 
he is? 

WR: No, I don't 
think he's bizarre. He's 
so kindand he'ssonice. 
I'd say his vision is very 
personal. It's unique. I 
think he's a great artist 

"You're in people's living 
rooms and they feel that they 
have a kind of intimate knowl-
edge of you_ They've sat on 
their couches in their bath-
robes and watched you _" 

- Wendy Roble, 
"Nadine" on "Twin Peaks" 

ingly say, "Are you on 
"Twin Peaks"? Are you 
that lady?" or, "Are you 
that crazy lady?" 
They're always nice. 
They're not going to 
come up to you and say, 
"I hate your show." At 
least that hasn't hap-
pened to me yet. And 
it 's not so much a re-
flection of me as it is of 
the show. 

and it 's just my good fortune to be able to work 
with him. The thing that strikes me the most about 
working with David is his joy of what he's doing. 
When he's directing, he's a completely fulfilled 
person. He has absolute confidence in you, and 
you give him your best work. You do anything. 
Whatever he told you to do, you knew it was 
going to be just fine. Everyone becomes very 
inventive and your heart beats faster. It' s good 
stuff. Bizarre, no. 

People have very strong feelings about Nadine. 

G: What is tire mood on tire set? 

A passive viewer would have a very 
hard time with the movie_ It is an active 
"kaleidoscope" of music, photographs, film 
and television clips, and interviews. From 
Public Enemy's Flavor Hav, to director 
Steven Spielberg, more than 60 individu-
als were interviewed for their personal 
anecdotes on Quincy Jones. 

"I think the most exciting thing about 
Quincy and the whole group of people is 
that they loved geuing up in the morning," 
Weissbrod said. "I mean, to have a passion 
about what you do - I would hope that 
people would figure out a way to make 
what they do their passion. For somebody 
like Quincy, it is. That's very inspiring to 
me, that someone is not s~ared of saying' I 
don't know how to do this, show me how 
to do this. '" 

" If our parents could tell 
us anything, they should tell 
us, 'Don't be what I want you 
to be - be what you have a 
passion to be.'" 

knowledged 
that "for the 
producer of the 
film [Courtney 
Sale Ross), that 
was one of the 
most important 
issues. I would 
ha ve felt that 
people knew 
those stories 

- Ellen WeI •• brod, 
Director of "LIsten Upl" 

trovers ial is-
sues. A native 
New Yorker, 
she graduated 
from U.C. Ber-
keley after 
s.&udying politi-
cal theory and 
anthropology. 
"I was painting 
houses for a 

[about racism] and didn't need to hear 
them again. But that's not true .. .. To 
me, I think the thing, as in the whole 
film itself, was the connection between 
past and present-that continuity. To 
be a black man in this culture is a very 
tough thing. To be a woman is one 
thing, to be a black man has a lot of 
connotations to a lot of people. I think it 
was a very important issue." 

Weissbrod is very familiar with con-

living, mean-
while," Weissbrod related, "and I was 
painting this woman's kitchen, 
Courtney Ross, who's the producer of 
'Listen Up' and she just got a grantto do 
a series offilms on abstract expressionist 
painters. , ended up answering the 
phones, deferred graduate school, and 
never went." 

seeing documentaries where it could be a radio 
show. When I get excited by a movie, it's be-
cause the image and the sound come together to 
create something that couldn 't be in any other 
medium. It couldn ' t be a painting. It couldn't be 
a slide show. The movie never says to you, 'Here 
we are at Quincy 's house, it's 1989 ... ' You have 
to figure it out." She paused. "I hope you have to 
figure it out." 

One thing the audience might have trouble 
figuring out is a memorable segment featuring 
Michael Jackson amid a flurry of lights. "It 's 
unfortunate that it is a showstopper," Weissbrod 
commented, "because if Michael had just par-
ticipated like everybody else, he would be like 
everybody else. But, Michael even made himself 
more different. 

'" didn ' t have an image for Michael. Michael 
agreed only todo an audio interview. He actually 
said what you hear him say: 'Can we shut off all 
the lights?' We sat in the dark. And then, I had to 
come up with an image. We tried a lot of things 
wedidn ' tend up us ing in the movie because they 
were too s illy . We just ended up flashing 
Tinkerbell, whatever - we didn' t know what to 
do, we just had lights," 

Putting On a One-Eyed Act 
WR.: I'd say people are having a great time. I 

think everyone invol ved in this process - the old 
hands and the rookies I ike myself - we all know 
how very fortunate we are. This doesn't happen 
all the time. You don' t get the good stuff. We suck 
the marrow out of this one because you don't 
know how long it 's going to last. 

There are lots of people that just cannot stand her. 
She makes people very uncomfortable. The people 
that she makes the most uncomfortable are women 
who are uncomfortable with someone who is that 
needy. Nadine is, obviously, disturbed. She's in 
terrible pain because she is so desperate. She's so 
needy and dependent on her husband, and he is 
her whole life. To be that needy is a very scary 
thing. I think that frightens women who might 
suspect that they have that element in themselves. 
I think those are the people that just can'rstand to 
even see her. She's very upsetting. Other people, 
that doesn't bother them and they can see her 
sweetness, that she really does come from a place 
of pure love. Unfortunately, she's so fragile that 
this other stuff comes out. I have to say that it hurts 
to play Nadine. It hurts a lot, because she's in such 
pain. She's funny, too, but she really is sad. 

Teamed up with Ross, Weissbrod 
served as a production manager and 
associate producer of "Strokes of Ge-

nius," the PBS series of abstract 
expressionist painters. She has 
also worked on ABC's "The 
Wonder Years," WETA's "Su-
preme Court" and "America's 
Women," and the feature films 
"Me and Him" and "Last Exit to 
Brooklyn." 

"What 's funny about this project is that things 
that I've written before are much more [visual). 
And there's so much talking in this movie. In 
Europe they 're having a shit-fit about it -once 
you subtitle it. There's a lot of reading in it - all 
the songs are part of the dialogue. By Michael Schwartz and Julie Sherman 

Senior Staff Writers 
Remember when conversations about Satur-

day night televison consisted of reciting lines 
from the best sketches on "Saturday Night Live"? 
Those days are over. Today , when you hear any 
talk about television, Saturday night or not, it is 
bound to be centered around David Lynch'sdefi-
nitely bizarre, and arguably brilliant, "Twin 
Peaks," 

BOO OPl'! any 
ICBOR·AM 
'J.'II.AT 
UeG.. '. hdE IIGw . ."...., 
ella"II'. z'o 
.BoDI.a ............ ) 

The Guardian spoke with Wendy Robie, who 
plays one of the most intriguing characters on 
"Twin Peaks" - Nadine Hurley, the eye-patched 
woman whose main goal in life once was to make 
her husband love her by inventing silent drape 
runners (usi ng greased cotlon balls, of course). 
Here are some highlights of our chat about "Twin 
Peaks" and of what she refers to as "her favorite 
role": 

Guardum: Is Nadine your creation or com-

G: Do you think it's been built up so high that 
it will just disappear like other trends? 

WR: I won't say, " Yeah, that' s going to hap-
pen." But there is a little fear of that. I think people 
think that "Twin Peaks" put itself on some big 
publicity machine and that this was our doing, but 
it really isn't. It's a weird thing. We had no idea 
that people would like this. We knew we liked it. 
When we were shooting this [last year] and no-

Feeling irritable, "on edge," unable 10 relax? 
Difficulty concentrating and stuclyi.,.? 

Always waiting for the other shoe 10 drop? 
Experiencing mUKIe .. naion or physical symptoms 

that ....... 10 have no real cau .. ? 

Dr. Murray Rosenthal and his associates at Behavioral Medicine 
Research are looking for subjem between 18 and 65 years of age 
(females must be unable to bear children) 10 participate in clinical 
trials with the newest, nonaddictive, anti-anxiety medications. 
We do not pay volunteers. What sets our programs apart is the 
free aftercare we provide. This assures that regardless of how you 
respand during the trial, you will recieve $OII1e kind of free follow· 
up core for up to four months. 

All studies include a free diagnostic evaluation of your physical 
ond emotional condition, as well as free medication. AU ASSESS· 
MENTS ARE CONFIDENTIAL. Please call: 571-1188 . 

- - - - - - - --

BEHAVIORAL MEDICINE RESEARCH 
7798 Starling Drive, Ste, 210 

San Diego, CA 92123 

- - -- - - - -

G: Do you see yourself in her? 
WR:Oh,yes. Sure. You always haveto. lhave 

to find it in myself. I have to be that person. Not 
in any kind of crazy way. But I have to find that 
needy person in me. I've always tried very hard to 
be independent and take care of myself and be 
strong. But, I know there is always that danger of 
falling in that well. Poor Nadine. 

kmkO'S· 
HAIR DESIGNS 

HAI",",UIS $900 
mc ludf~'" ... hCtmpoo 

lon~~ hair ell.tra 

PER M S 

$2350 
tnchJ(h~.-,. ... hampoo 

lon~ .and tinted half extra 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vons) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Next to P,ua Hut) 566-6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURIST AVAILABLE 

the copy center 
La Jolla 

8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Garnet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

TIlAT'S 
ENTERTAINMENT 

and it's in the Hiatus section in 
Friday's Guardian. 

"Listen Up: The Lives of 
Quincy Jones" is Weissbrod's 
debut as a feature film director. 

"I wanted it to be like a con-
versation," Weissbrod com-
mented. "It ' s as if you could 
have put them all in the same 
room. And, I think you can cre-
ate a mov ie - you can create an 
environment. I get so depressed 

"'Listen Up ' is about growing up," Weissbrod 
concluded. "It's about how hard it i to grow up. 
It takes 57 years, at least. It 's not like you hit 20, 
or 30, or graduate from college and then you're 
a grown-up. It' s a very blflve movie for Quincy 
to make. Everybody makes mistakes and the 
thing is to go on - and that'S what Quincy did. 
As [rap artist] Melle Mel said: ' You've got to 
write your own ticket.' It's true." 

Wmatrix· Price Center Gameroom presents: 

~~I 
fDAM 

STUDENT SPECIAL 
Women 's Precision Cuts"".,." , S 18,00 
Men's Precision Cut, ................ S 14,00 
r------------------, 
I 10% OFF PERM OR COLOR I 
I For 0 limited tme with 5ludent 10 . Not void wI1t'I any 01ner ~. .JI L _________________ _ 

'~~r~~5 
La Jolla Village Square 
MON.-FRio 10-9; SAT, 11-5,455-1700 

Coed 
Eight Ball 

Tournantent 

CASH PRIZES FOR THE WINNERS! 

Date: Thursday - November 1, 1990 

Time: 7:00 pm 



14 The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 29,1990 

PARTY, PLAY 
AND WIN TODAY! 

E 
VIDEO GAMES 

COLLEGE TOURNAMENT 
~ PRESENTED BY: UeepOEAGI E .-.. 
.-;uoh ... ow/ 
. .-" ..... \,. 

IT'S A 2 DAY PARTY! FREE VIDEO GAME PLAY! 

A 1991 
JEEP WRANGLER 

RENEGADE! 

A 1991 
EAGLE TALON TSi 

ALL WHEEL 
DRIVE! 

• A TRIP TO HAWAII! 
• SEGA GENESIS SYSTEMS! 
• CASH PRIZES! 
• T-SHIRTS AND MORE! 

SPONSORED BY: DAY 1 > MONDAY - OCTOBER 29 6:00PM -12:00 MIDNIGHT 
UNIV. OF CAISAN DIEGO 

DAY 2 > 
LOCATION: COVE PRICE CENTER 

TUESDAY - OCTOBER 30 
4:00PM -10:ooPM 

OFFICIAL RULES A VAILABLE AT ABOVE LOCA TlON. PROGRAM OPEN TO REGISTERED STUDENTS ONL Y. 

2 GAMES 
FREE 

WHEN YOU 
BUY A SEGA 

GENESIS 
SYSTEM 

BETWEEN 
SEPT. 15 & 

DEC. 1, 
1990. 

................................ ~ ............. . 
Now when college stucknts purch_ II Genesis Systfln ha-n ~pUIIIWr ISth and l>Katabn 1st, 

will senti two FRfE (;ennis 
Get one of these EXCLUSIVE new games FREE ... ond one of these great games fREE! • 

IIj"u"'ri""~1 i ~~4:~~;!~~~~ I 
·0 loe Montuno 0 Super 0 Put Riley 0 Columns '" 0 lames "Buster" Douglus (&e:ttlESIS) • 
~~r~_:t~bu~II:' " ______ !M~o:n:uc~o~G~P:' "~-!Bu:.~k~et~bu~II':" __________________ 2K~n:OC~k~ou~t!:~t: _____ ~.~~~~~~~~~~~.~ ... 

Follow Thes., Easy Steps: MaJl-ln Certlftcate • 
1, Purchase a Genesis system between above (.,., check Orst ( hoice, circle S{'(ond), • 

September 15thru Decem ber I. 1990 and and 
anach the angina l dated purchaS<' receipt 7. Mall all these hcm~, postmarked no later • 
(receipt rnu,tUe doted from September 15 than December 6 to : Name • 
thru December I ) for your Gene", Sy, tem , SEGA GENESIS COLLEGE OFFER 
and • 

2. Cut o ut proof of purchoS<' symbol from the P.O, BOX 3120 Street ApI. # __ • 
Sega GenesIs System box, ond SO. SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94083 

3, Fill In the IIlformalion req uested on the pur- • 
chose registration In luded in your GeneSIS SegQ will mail you a fREE game anridge 8-16 City State __ _ 

~ys tem , and weeks from receipt from all completed redemp- • 
4 . Ind ude a photocopy 01 yo ur orlginol co llege tlon moteriols orfer good SeptembN 15 through • 

Identifica tion ca rd, and December I, 1990. Sega reserves th right 10 sub- Phone ( IIp __ _ 
5 (omplete requested information on thi slilule anolher game li sted based upon produci • 

(e rt lflroto, and availability. Offer not valid In combination with 
6 ~eled your FR[E Gene,,, cartridges from a ny a the r Sega GenesIS offer. Valid 111 U.S only. Name of ollege • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• •. ~ ond < ... ·" nl\· 011 lI,j'lt-m~u~'ur \I(~" or A~1I RI( A, IN< (hundt'. fortt' 11II 0 lf~fTKir~ of , ,, hno~ft Int "II otherqolm .. tit le! ~lr. (rodtomurks I)fSrgo of Amenctl. In", 

Monday, October 29, 1990 

ANNIVERSARY 
Continued from page 9 
California 

Li was born in Hohhot, Inner 
Mongolia. and began publi hing fic-
tion in the rnid-60's. He will read a 
passage from one one of his shott 
tories, with a translation. 

A Pulitzer Prize winner, N. Scon 
Momaday is a Native American au-
thor from Arizona. He is one of the 
leading living Native American au-
thors, Snyder said. 

Culture oIU/eracy, He will speak on 
emerging literature. 

Ramon Salvidar, a professor of 
English at the University of Texas at 
Austin, special iz.es in Chicano narra-
tives. He will deliver a presentation, 
"The Borderlands of Culture," which, 
according to Snyder, will feature 
Chicano writers. 

Natalia Ivanova, a literary critic 
from the USSR, will come to the U,S. 
jusl for the symposium, Snyder said. 

She will talk on the concepts of 
time and space in the novelsofGabriel 

The UCSD Guardian 

Garcia Marquez and Fazil Iskander. 
The presentation will compare re-

lations between Russian and Latin 
American authors, Snyder said 

works. 
Krauss' father was an army officer 

in the East German border guard de-
tachment until his suicide in 1968, 

" Many of the participants are expatriates of 
their own countries." 

(vanova i an editor, and laureate 
of the Lilera/urnaia gazela. 

Angela Krauss, from whal was 
East Germany, will read from her 

-Jon Snyder 

follOwing the invasion of Czechoslo-
vakia He is the subject of her award-
winning short story, "Der Dienst:' 

Also from the University of Texas 
His most recent novel is The An-

cient Child, and he will also read from 
his works_ The Answering Machine By Christina Huizar and Jeffrey Yamaguchi 

Arnold Krupal, a critic and pro-
fessor at Sarnh Lawrence College, 
specializes in "ethno-<:riticism," espe-
cially NativeAmericanwriting. Krupa! 
will speak on multiculturalism. 

An impottant theorist ofliterature, 
German bom W1ad Godzich pecial-
izes in emerging literatures of the 
world He is known for his diverse 
writings. 

"A real polyglot writer, [Godzich] 
has wrinen in many languages," 
Snyder said 

Godzich currently resides in 
Canada, and recently published The 

Hi. This is Kelly. I jusl wallced from the 
couch to this answering machine on two legs. 
I wish I had lwe lvelegs like cale!pillars do. 

Come see our new ring styles this fall! 
See the many ways to personalize your ring! 

Ask about our monthly payment plans! 

RIL - "'00$ - I tV29/9O 

BEEEEEEPI 

KeUy. this is AI from Jim's Used Car .... I 
don't have any twelve wheel buses or lrucks 
on the Icc righl now. I do have a six wheel 
truck. however. Your main concern was the 
number of wheels, righl? Please give me a 
caU, 

Place: Price Center Plaza 
Date: October 29 - 31 from lOam - 3 pm 
Deposit Required: $30.00 
Special Payment Plans Available ••• [d 

FEATURES 15 

al Austin, Barbara Harlow i an expett 
on human rights and Palestinian prob-
lems in the Middle-East. 

Harlow works with " resistance lit-
erature," Snyder said_ She has writ-
tenon women's writing and political 
detention. 

Her presentation will be "Writing 
Human Rights_" 

Carlos Monsivais, an acclaimed 
writer and cultural cri tic from Mexico, 
has written on Ihe history of Mexican 
literature, the history of Mexican jour-
nalism, and the history of Mexican 
film. He will speak on new Latin 
American literature. 

Marlene Nourbese Philip, now a 
lawyer and teacher from Toronto, 
Canada, originates from the Carib-
bean. 

"Philip explores what it means to 
be a member of a colonized people," 
Snyder said 

Philip also has a very strong inter-
est in feminist Opposilionallanguage, 
and will read selectiOrt'l from herwod<s. 

Sunday will feature a round-table 
discussion including all participants 
as well as members of the audience. 

More information on registration 
is available at the Literature Building, 
on theWarren campus. 

The Lt'eigbl-/flSJ profession,"s: 
Free Consultation. 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 

Daily Diet Tips from 
Diet Center 

1-(900)-990-TInN 
95< per minJSI.50 flJ>l min. 

7467 CUYlER (off Pearl) 
459-5979 

FAIRMAIR'S 

USED SOPS 
COSTUMES 
FUN, FUNKY 
FUNTIONAL 
RESALECLOTHES 

4879 NEWPORT AVE. OCEAN BEACH 
M-SAT. 11 to 6::1> 

222-0220 



TRI DELTA BENEFIT AUCTION 
All proceed go to Children's Hospital 
• Tue day, ovember 6 (Election Day) 
• 12:00 - 1 :30 pm - Price Center Plaza (or small Ballroom in event 
of rain) 

• Featuring 91 X Drs Berger & Prescott & Russ T. Nailz 
as auctioneers. 

·Come bid on items and services such as dinner, movie passes, 
gift certificates, and much more! Have fun while supporting 
Children's Hospital. 

STUDENT REGENT APPLICATIONS 
A vailable now in the following offices: 
ASUCSD - Price Center 
College Deans' Office 
Chancellor' Office 
Graduate Student Association Office - Price Center 
Office of Graduate Studies and Research 
School of Medicine - Student Affairs Office 
Student Affirmative Action Office - Bldg B - Student Center 
Student Information (EDNA) - Price Center 
University Events & Student Activities - Price Center 

Applications are due in the Chancellor's Office no later than 
5:00 pm, Friday, November 2,1990. 

S.W.E. 
General meeting is October 30,6:00 - 8:00 pm, Price Center, 

Berkley Room. 
SWE's co-sponsoring the 12th Annual Technical Job Fair on 

November 1, 10:30am - 2:00 pm, Price Center Ballroom. 

REVELLE COLLEGE COMMITTEE 
APPOINTMENTS 

There are still some committees open for dedicated and interested 
students. Pick up an application in the Revelle College Provost Office. 
See the Guardian classifieds for the list of available committees. 

HABITAT FOR HUMANITY 
Volunteer only one Saturday and experience the rewards from 

helping those in need. NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY! Call Katrina 
at 552-3465 to sign up, or to find out more information. 

Both students andfaculty welcome! 

STUDENT/ALUMNI CONNECTION 
Meet UCSD students of the present and past who have the same 

career goals as you. Tuesday, October 30, 4:30 pm in the Alumni Asso-
ciation Office (Room 2.303), 2nd floor, Price Center. 

Call Andre at 534-3900 for more information. 

FUND RAISING 
"A Professional Approach." November 7, 7:30 pm, Price Center, 

Gallery A. Sponsored by University Events & Student Activities. 

BUDGET HEARINGS 
FOR ALL STUDENT ORGANIZATION 
HA VE BEEN RESCHEDULED FOR NOVEMBER 7, 8, &9 
TO RECEIVE PROGRAMMING OR OPERATING FORMS 
OR TO SCHEDULE A NEW HEARING TIME, PLEASE SEE 
THE A.S. RECEPTIONIST. 

ATTENTION!!! 
ALL STUDENTS HOLDING KEYS FOR LOCKABLE 
OFFICE SPACE IN THE PRICE CENTR AND STUDENT 
CENTER. 
The time bas come for tbis year's student organizations to 
move into their offices, and they MUST HAVE KEYS TO DO 
IT! If you still hold keys from last year and are no longer 
occupying the same place, PLEASE RETURN THEM TO 
CYNTWA BARRETT-PORTER, Price Center Administration 
Offices, 2nd floor, Price Center. 
BE CONSIDERATE OF YOUR FELLOW STUDENTS 
AND RETURN YOUR KEYS TODAY! 

WORK THE CANDIDATES -
ROCK THE VOTE 

November 2, 
10:00 - 4:00 - Price Center Plaza: Candidates will be speaking 

before election day. 
4:00 - 6:00 - Gym steps: Music and Fun 

INTERESTED IN POLITICS? 
Want the student's voice heard in the local community? 
Positions available for representatives of UCSD on the local city 
councils. 
• approximately 2-3 hours per week 
• meeting times: 

Monday 2:00 pm, or Tuesday 9:00 am or 2:00 pm 
First, second, and third Mondays of the month, 6:00 pm 
Other times TBA. 

• a great way to earn community service/extracurricu lar hours 
• sound interesting? Call Karen Makkreel at Associated Students, 

534-4450. 

E ants ... 
AS MEETING 

Every Wednesday at 6:30 pm 
Price Center · Third Floor · Conf. Rm. 8 

All students are invited to attend 

SPECIAL NOTE: November 21, day before Thanksgiving, 
AS Council meeting has been cancelled. 

ROBOCOP 2 
November 1,6:30,9:00, 11:30 pm 
Price Center Theatre 
Only $1.00, Students, Faculty, and Staff. 

BALLROOM DANCE CLUB 
Monster Mash! 
Halloween night, October 31, 7:00 - 9:30 pm 
Price Center Ballroom . 
Promoted by Universal Pictures - door prizes, tapes, mugs, 

and more! 
Costume Optional. No partner or experience needed - lessons 

at 7:15 pm. FREE! 

CULTURAL DIVERSITY IN THE 
AMERICAN THEATRE 

"Moving Toward the Twenty-First Century" 
November 8 - 11, 1990 
University Center 
For more information, call Bonnie Ward (619) 534-0670/3104; 
or write University of California, San Diego 

SEDS 

Contemporary Black Arts, D-009 
La Jolla, CA 92093 

Students for the Exploration and Development of Space 
Thursday, November 8, 7:00 - 8:00 pm 
Price Center, Davis Room - 2nd floor 
Topic: Field trips to NASA-related sites, 

Open officer positions. 

MACWAVE 
Macintosh Student User Group 
November 6, 3:00 pm 
Mac's Place 
Free gifts! Come and learn how you can get the mostfrom 

your Macintosh. Apple rep will be at meeting . 

FRIENDS FOR LIFE 
UCSD's Pro-Life club 
Monday, October 29,6:00 - 7:00 pm 
Price Center, Berkley Room 

MEChA 
October 29,5: 10 pm 
Price Center, Santa Barbara Room 
Topic: Discuss the words Chicano, Latino, Hispanic 

DANCE PARTY! 
English Country Dance Party! 
Friday, November 2,8:00 pm 
Rec. Gym Conference Room 
FREE! For more information, call 452-2735 . 

WARREN TG 
Acoustic Alibi 
Friday, November 2, 4:00 pm 
Warren Commons 
FREE ROOTBEER!!! 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL 
General Meeting 
Tuesday, October 30, 5:30 pm 
Price Center, Santa Cruz Room, 2nd floor 

FLYING FINGERS SIGN LANGUAGE 
SOCIETY 

Thursday, November 1,5:00 pm 
International Center Courtyard 
For more information, Edward Needham, 225-1846 
Come learn about the society and our plans for the coming year. 

V.S.A. 
BONFIRE! at La 10lla Shore by Lifeguard Station 
Friday, November 2, 7:00 - lO:OO pm 
Take a break from tudying with music, entertainment, and dancing. 
For more information, stop by the VSA office. 

R.I.S.C. 
Radically Inclined Ski Club 
SKI UTAH with R.I.S.C.for Thanksgiving 
$275 - 4 person room 
$315 - 2 person room 
Tickets on sale at Box Office. 
For more infonnation, call the R.I.S.C. office at 534-4482. 

GET INVOLVED - JOIN A STUDENT 
ORGANIZATION 

AS NEWSFLASHES i produced by the As ociated 
Students of UCSD. To have an advertisement placed in AS 
NEWSFLASHE ,there is a drop box to the left of the Public 
Relations office, 3rd floor. Advertisement is subject to availability of 
space. Deadline is every Wednesday at noon for the following 
Monday paper. 
All advertisements subject to approval by PR Committee. 



M.SOCCER 
ContInued from page 24 
and maintained offensive pressure 
throughout the game, taking 17 
shots. 

The Gull took only three shots, 
all towards theendofthe game, but 
only one wa close. 

The Triton . ' offensiveeffot1 fi-
nally paid off 2 minute~ into the 
game. 

Chris Han sen controlled the 

ball just outside the top left comer 
of the goal box and lofted it to the 
far post. M i1-.e Gerhardt redirected 
the ball into the left comer of the 
goal past the Gulls' keeper who 
had drifted wtth Han~sen 's pass. 

The second half wasn't four 
minute~ old before UC'SD drilled 
its second goal into USJU's net. 

ophomore forward hris Romey 
drew the defensive player off 
Randy Cairns, who picked up the 
ball and drove left for a clear shot. 

The U SD G uardian 

The Gulb put some air under 
their wings after that , and for a 
while stunned the Triton defense 
with a furious offensive altack . 
US JU came clo e to cu ttin g 
UCSD's lead with two corner 
kid.s , but the Tritons ' defense 
cleared the ball with headers. 

Senior goalie Brian Siljander 
saved the second attempt by using 
all six feet five inches of his body, 
plus a good two-foot reach. 
Siljander dove at ground level , 

gettingj ustenough of the ball wilh 
his fingenips to guide it around Ihe 
outside of Ihe post. 

Mike Lodoen,who was held 
back on defense while filling in for 
Alberts, moved into a more active 
rolcon offense and responded with 
four shots on goal. 

Although leading 2-0, Arm-
strong did not take any chance . 

He sparingly doled OU I his sub-
stitutions, sticking with his stan ers 
fOrlhe whole first half, and most of 

Monday, October 29, 1990 

the second. 
[n contrast to the Gulls' mob 

scene of an offense, the Tritons 
meshed smoothly - crossi ng and 
headi ng with uncanny precision. 

Besides the Lodoen change, 
Head Coach Derek Armstrong did 
not have an unusual strategy head-
ing into the game. 

" It'sa little late in the season to 
sran making changes," Annstrong 
said. " We' ll build on what we've 
got, keep polishing the old plays." 

UPDATE ffi\ [¥) [¥) ffi\ [R< ~ [1 [Q)~~~(@[N] [g ~ 
~©[N]~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

STUDENT ORGANIZATION 
Budget Hearings 

0-90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

• Tweeds • B.U.M. Equipment 
• Big Dog • Limited Express 
~ r----------, r----------, 

110% OFF 1 1 T-SHIRTS I 
I 1 with this od. I 1 $400 1 1 Cosh purchoses only 1 1 eo Chi I 
I L Exp. 11/5/90 .J L . .J 

---------- ----------

Wed.-Sat. l1am-6pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5pm 

• APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE, 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 

Miramar, California 
(619)-450-3323 

\s PROJECT PLAIN TALK: 
SEXUALITY & FAITH 

NOVEMBER 9,10,11 
Fri.: 6-8 pm ; Sat. 10 am-2 pm; Sun. 2-5 pm 
"If you know the biology and want to explore/expand 
your knowledge and build a value system about 
sex ... then this is the workshop for you." 

WORKSHOP 
LEADERS: 

Dr. Lynnea Lindsey, Educator/Counselor 
Mr. Scott Parker, Activities Coordinator, Warren College 
Rev. Bob Wagener, Chaplain, UCSD 

r 
FEE: $5.00 Pre-registration . $8.00 at the door 
SPONSOR: UNITED CAMPUS MIN!STRY-UCSD** 

I 

INFORMATION: CALL 534-2521 
L ~ 

o 
'b 

"The ministry 01 the Presbyterian. UMed Method,st, Un"ed Church 01 Christ, 
DiSCiples 01 Christ. Church 01 the Brethren Denoollnations. 

Have been changed to 
November 7, 8, & 9 

To schedule a new time, see 
the A.S. Receptionist 

For more information, see your 
advisor. 

o 
o 

REGISTR.ATION FORM 
Name __________________________________ __ 

Address ____________________ _ 

________________________ Zip ____________ _ 

Telephone No. _________________ ·Age ______ _ 

College at UCSD ______________________ _ 

and year ___________________________ __ 

'1 Please circle : Enclosed is 
my $5 Reg Fee 

I will be paying 
$8 at the door .. Xl 

g 
• .. 

Make check payable to: United Campus Ministry 

Your reg. fee will help top cover the cost 01 printed matenals. and three meals-Friday 
(supper), Saturday (lunch), and Sunday (suppell 
For further informauon please call 534·252t 

The workshop Will take place at the Warren Commons· Warren Apartment Complex 

r I understan~hat sexually explicit materials will be presented 
I and d iscussed. 

I Signature : ________________________ __ 

Workshop will be limited to the first 30 students to sign up 

Return to ' United Campus Ministry, '502 MMC. 0·081 

Monday, O ctober 29, 1990 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

Tritons, Host Turn Invitational Into a Joke 
• Occidental College turns its own invitational into a disorganized 
mess, but UCSD women's volleyball still comes out on top 
By Robb Earnest 
Staff Writer 

Somebody forgot to tell Occi -
dental College that it was hosting a 
women's volleyball invitational 
this weekend. Thi was supposed 
to be a preview oflhe Division III 
Western Regionals . 

It looked morc like an old epi-
sode of the Three Stooges. 

First of all, the COUTtS weren't 
even set up when the teams arrived. 
The teams had to et up their own 
courts. 

Second, Occidental couldn't get 
the lights to tum on. And third , 
there were no programs . 

And,thehcadcoach fort he host, 
Occidental, wasn ' t even there . 

twelve years. We'll never go back." 
Even though the tournament 

stunk, the Tritons (32-7) carne out 
smelling like roses, winning all 
four of lheir matchel> and the invi -
tational. 

But, as you would expect, there 
wasnorecogllltion forthewinning 
team. At leaslthe Tritons can take 
comfort in the fact thai they 
dominated Ihecompetilion, orlack 
of it. 

Freshman setter Amy Bana-
chowski was at full sirength forthe 
first time since ~praining herankle 
in earl y October, and, according 10 
Dannevik looked strong in her re-
turn matches. 

Although the Tritons are look-
ing forward to the Western Re-
gional Championships. they still 
have regular season home matches 
against a tough USIU squad on 
Friday night and CSUSB Salur-
day. Once they get to the regionab, 
the Tritons' stiffest local competi-
tion will probably come from La 
Veme and CSUSB. 

"We're going to keep things the 
same and look to really get our 
execution solid, with no unforced 
error ," Dannevik noted. " There was absolute ly no 

organization,"UCSD Head Coach 
Doug Dannevik said . "This is the 
worst tournament I've been to in 

UCSD breezed through the 
round-robin tournament with vic-
tories over Occidental (15-9, 15-8, 
15-7), Menlo College (15-7, 15-
12, 15-6), Colorado College (15-2, 
15-4,16-14)andCSUSanBernar-
dino(15-4, 7- 15,15-0, 15-1 I ). The 
Tritons' frontlineofDanaSimone, 
Elizabeth Tan. and Vikki 
VanDuyne accounted for 28,27, 
and 26 kill . respeclively. 

"Aside from that, we're just 
looking to stay healthy so we ' ll be 
ready for nationals." 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
The Tritons were agape at Occidental's excuse for a tournament. 

In thc eX~ tat ion'· computer, ,"'e'vc 
managed to squeeze the most possible com-
puter into the least po sible space:lo say 
nothing of the least possible price. 

A low pricc that includes not only a 

~::::;~::~:::~:o~; mGHT NOW, YOU 
~y~~~~::~:::;~,~!8;:~-CAN GET TWO 
:~:;:::[~:RREAI( I HROUGHS FOR 

eXTstationcoll1es THE PRICE OF ONE 
with a lOS-megabyte • 
hard disk, onto which we ha\'c in-
sta lled a rather formidable soft\lare 
package that includes WriteNo\\; 
.1!allmna/;m.® eXTmail '· and 
Digital Webster.'" 0 all you hme to 
do is plug it in and you're ready w 
go to work. You e\'en get a free trial 
subscription to eXTWORLD'· 
magazine, to keep you up to uate. 

Best of all. we 
will send a free copy of the extraordinary 
spread heet program, Lotus I mpro\" " (a '!t69S 
value) to everyone who purchases and 
registers a e:\Istation , eXTclibe or 040 
upgrade board before December3l, 1990." 

We couldn't even guess wherc you could 
make a comparable purchase. But we can 
tdl you exactly where to make 
this one. Check the space 
below to find the location 
of your campus rcseller. 

..... ,-. ... 

'I UlU§ 111l1)r,,, "'" III bl" lklt\l"frd .. h""o1\.uIJbk " IlNt) ..... c\ I (.1011"'1.11,'1 111< \ 1111~ttl' 1"'~I\t:\1 
I III ~c \ I "I"UI' .I 1t'~,\,cl(,'II!oIJt'nIJ'k , t\\' \~ 1 ~YI "01lll1fl """\ I \uht" ' l \ I nlJll "rl,l[ )1~ltJI 
\\('II, ltl "'l IIdlknw""f "'(\ I C .UllIl'utn III, \\lIIr' I'~ 1\.01 't'J:I\U'!tJ 1, .. ,klll .. r, .. 1 I l\1 .. ,c. 
(~) "'J,JU",I"I~"" rl'Il,I\ IClcJ "oiJ.:fII.oIlk ni \\nUr.ol111 Kt.:'o('.lr,h I", \lI llth," I,,,.knl.oll~\ 

nl(mll>l~d 1~: lo.l"K III lhi"lr rtl,lC' 'I'C' 1I\1111(' 1\ 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
L\1\IRS1TY 

NeXT SHOW DATE: 
10/30/90 10 - 3 pm 
with representative 

from NeXT Computers 
R1L • A008 • 10/29/90 

Unlimited 
3~ 

Coplesl· 
Expandad Hoursl 

-8112Xll 20Ib whIte 
with this coupon 

off.r 900d ttwoucjll131191 
4150 Rege nts Park Row 

La Jolla, eA 92037 

457-1007 

NEW CLIENTS 
ONLY 

Walk·lns or call 
lor appointment 

OPEN: Mon.-Sat. 9-7 
I We do Fiber Gil ... Linin WrlP II>d Silil WIIp I 
• Full Set .... ........ ...... $16.95 
• Fills .................. ...... $10.95 
• Pedicure ............ .... $10.95 
• Manicure ...... ..... .... .. $5.95 

WElSKED lDO UCSDSTUIIlNTS 
'Would You Ru, ... Go To 

A SPEEDY Co," Wash 
or a Non-Speedy Coon Wash?" 

100%AGREEO 



20 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza is still UCSD's finest original 
pizzena. Tear out the BJ's coupon and get 
your taste buds to BJ's. For UCSD's se· 
rious pizza eaters! (9124·11130) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you w3lt. Xeroxes 
and more. Near St. Germains. 452·9949. 
(9124·11130) 

Writing Help. I've discoveredl created 
unique, Fuo - yes, fun ! approaches for 
serious projects. Begin 481-1810. (10/3· 
11130) 
Scholarships/grants for college are avail· 
able. Millions go unclaimed yearly. Call 1-
800·334-3881. (10/8-I 1114) 
BIG GREEN, documentary to support Prop 
128 to handle the environmental crisis. 
Video free every M& W at noon, MCC 22 I 
3rd College Media Center. (10/15-11 /5) 

Recovering Alcoholics: Males 40-60 yrs. 
Hospital-based research in recovery from 
brain effects of alcohol abuse. Incentives 
oltered. Call Sean Rourke or June Allen 
552·8585 ext.3731 (Mon- Fri) (10/19-10/ 
29) 

PROJECT PLAIN TALK: SEXUALITY 
AND FAITH ' It you know the biology and 
want to expand your knowledge base and 
build a value systerTI about sex ... ThiS 
workshop IS for you!" NOV. 9, 10. 11 -
sponsored by lhe Unoted Campus Minis-
try, fee: $5 pre_ reg/$8 at the door. Infor-
mation: call 534-2521. (10/22-1112) 

Nothing to do over Thanksgiving? Come 
Kayaklng in La Bufadora, MeXICO with 
OutBack Adventures. 534·0684. (10124-
11 /5) 
Ballroom Dance Club's MONSTER MASH 
Halloween night, Oct. 31, 7-9:30 p.m., PC 
Ballroom, costume optional, lessons at 
7:15, FREE admission ! Promoted by 
Universal Pictures - Iree Childs Play II 
dolls, mugs. (1 0/26-1 0131 ) 
UCSD Sailing Team North-Scuth or9a-
nozong meeting Monday, Oct 29. at 5 p.m. 
In WLH 2115. (10/26·1 0/29) 

Volkswagen? Or IS your car an Aud,? 
Tom's Master Mechanocs only handles 
these 2 autos and nDbody does It bet1erfor 
UCSD. Bring your ID and you get 20% olt 
most servoces ! Call 450-9494. (10/26-1 I 
30) 

The SD Guardim 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in is-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed witli a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, 3 p.m. Mondayfor Wednesday's issue , and 3 p .m. Wednesdayfor Friday's issue . The 
Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advertising including but !lOt limited to 
companionship ads. For more information call 534-54i6. Mailing address:UCSD Guard-
ian , 0316, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA 92093 -0316. Actual address: Student Center 
A, top floor. 

Destinations Unknown presents Rosarito 
Beach FALL FIESTA. November 16·18, 
2 nights/2 days, transportation, accom· 
modations, free parties, optional lobster 
dinner, only $75. See table in Price Center 
or CALL 793-0492. (10126·11 /9) 
A.S.K. Tutors - BOO' Don't be scared to 
help at Bay Park's Halloween Carnival, 
Oct. 31 , 5-8 p.m. More Information at the 
Volunteer Connection. (10/26-10/29) 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSD! 
Jewish Campus Centers provide warmth, 
education. prayer, and SOCializing. Con-
nect With Union 01 JeWish Students! 502 
Matthews: east of the Proce Center. Call 
Rabbi Siotnock, 534-2521 . (10/29) 
PARKING TICKETS! Are you haVing 
problems with your alternative transporta-
tion permit? Call Amy at 534-0476 and 
leave a message.( I 0129-I 112) 
Thlfd College Peer Advisors needed for 
summer onentation Apply at Third Aca-
demiC Advising TCHB 120. (1 0129-11 /2) 
Are you COLOR BLIND? Earn $5/hour 
participating In color viSion experiments, 
even If you have participated in these 
:;tudles belore. Call Ethan Montag 534-
2999, Psych. Dept. foronlo. (10/26-1119) 
An expose of the Gander, Newfoundland 
air crash which Implicates George Bush, 
Oliver Nonh and others Involved on the 
Iran-Contra affair. Video at the Che Cafe, 
Novemberl, 7:30pm. (10/29) 
REVELLE COLLEGE COUNCIL has of 
llee hours, Monday from 4-5pm, In the 
Revelle College Provost O111ce. Come and 
vOice your concerns about student issues! 
(1 0126-1112) 

It's not too late to sign·up for REVELLE 
COLLEGE COMMITIEES. Appointments 
needed to ELECTIONS, CURRICULUM, 
SUN GOD, HOUSING, SUBSTANCE 
ABUSE, BOOKSTORE, and CULTURAL 
commlUges, Pick-up an application now in 
the Revelle College Provost OHice. Get 
involved l (10/29-11 /2) 
RISC All-Cal and ThanksgiVing Ski trip 
tickets are on sale now at the box oHice I 
(10/29-11 12) 
T-SHIRT BLOW-OUT SALEI Everything 
$2 and $3. Revelle Plaza on Wed., Oct. 3 I 
and Fro .. Nov. 2 from 11 :45 to 1 :1 5pmSEE 
YOU THERE' (1 0129) 
When seconds count, breathe alinleeasier 
With MICRO-MED the microfilm medical 
I. D. Card thai could possibly save your 
life! MICRO-MED IS an asset 10 everyone's 
life young/old, Illiweli. Call Gabrielle (619) 
546-8014. (10/29-11/9) 
FREE live concen!l! See ACOUSTIC ALIBI 
on Friday, November 2 from 4:30-6:00pm 
at the Warren Commons. Make the trek 
out there to see one of UCSD's hottest 
bands for FREE II (10129-10/31) 
MEMORY RETRIEVAL READING AND 
STUDY SKILLS WORKSHOP Tuesday. 
October 30. USB 4010 5:00-6:00 p.m. 
(10/29) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist. 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Stu-
dent discounts. 558-4644/226-1962. (9/ 
24-1 114) 
WRITING Help from UC-Grad Tutor/ 
Writer/Researcher. All projects welcome. 
Produclive, Intense

' 
Start Early. 481 -181 O. 

(10/3-11130) 
Papers typed! QUlckand aHordable. From 
$21pg. Call LJ Colony Resumes & Proles-
slona! Typing. 455-8357. Laser printing ! 
60 typestyles to choose from! One day 
service available. (10/5-11/30) 
WORD PROCESSING, 4.0, EnghshSkills, 
term papers, experienced dissertations, 
7 -day week, rush jobs, references 755· 
2683. (10/10-10129) 
TYPING: TERM PAPERS, ETC., RUSH 
JOBS AT NO EXTRA CHARGE. 
453-0656. (10/3-11 /30) 

VISA OR MASTERCARD! 
Even if bankrupt or bad credit! 
We guarantee you a card or 

double your money back. 
Call 1-805-682-7555 

EXT. M-l052 

Bartender school - Day/Night Course 
250.00 - Refresher Course Oct 20 and 
Nov 10, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. 45.00. 1-800-
227-0030 BADD-REACTS (10119-11 /1 6) 
WORD PROCESSING-Everything from 
term papers to resumes. 24-HOUR SER-
VICE AVAILABLE, 7-DAYSA WEEK45D-
0812. (10/24-11/2) 
TRAVEL COSTS RISING - BUY NOW 
FOR CHRISTMAS & SPRING BREAK. 
FREE TICKET DELIVERY 450-0812. (101 
24-11 /2) 
Adazzling pearly white smile can beyoursl 
Call Dr. Rad. at 490-8099. UCSD SPE-
CIAL: Cleaning and exam only $20. (10/ 
26-11 /5) 
PINWHEELS - a full service salon near 
campus - Costa Verde Center. Facials, 
waxing, lash tints and more. Call Parvaneh, 
558-1658. (10126·11 /30) 
Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audl? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only handles 
these 2 autos and nobody doe~ it bener 
for UCSD. Bring your ID and you get 20% 
oH most services! Call 450-9494. (10/26-
11/30) 
TYPING - PROOFREADING - EDIT-
ING: Term papers, MAs, Ph.D.s, Legal, 
and Medical. RUSH JOBS. Call MARIE, 
931-9596. (10126- I 0129) 
Gay & Bisexual Men's group Mondays 
6:30-8:00 Mountain View Lounge, Third 
College (by tennis courts) (10/29) 
Lesbian & Bisexlial Women 's Group 
Wednesdays, 6:30-8:00 Women's Re-
source Center, Proce Center, 2nd Floor. 
(10/29) 
DIFFICULTIES IN FRENCH? I am a 
Sorbonne student with a degree in French 
literature. I can help students at any level. 
It's easy! Just call 457-4612. (10/29-11 /2) 

IMPROVE YOUR GRADES with a PRO-
FESSIONALL Y TYPED term paper or 
thesis. Foreign languages available. 
NEAR SCHOOL, REASONABLE 
PRICES. Call Barbara at 453·0592 or 
291 -9008. 

Word processing. Quality work at reason· 
able prices. Resumes, reports, etc. Laser 
printer. Call Diane 755-1724. (10/29-11/ 
30) 
IBM COMPATIBLE XT, AT or 386. lyr 
parts and labor. on site installationltraining. 
298-6708. (10/29-11 /2) 
WORD PROFESSIONALS: Word Pro-
cessing, Reports, Speeches. Disserta-
tions, Manuscripts, Presentations. Expe-
rienced. Laser Printer. Student Ratesl 
753-5964. 

Monday, October' 29, 1990 

I WANTED 
Childcare needed in Del Mar 4 :30·7:00 
some days. Own car. 755·6172. (10/5· I 0/ 
31) 
Happy with your present salary? I need 
people who want to make more ASAP 
(619) 758-4602. (10/1 0-11130) 
Domino's Pizza at UCSD is now hiring for 
Customer Service Representatives. Must 
be al least 16 years old, energetic and 
eHicient with an outgoing personality. Will 
be responsible for greeting customers, 
taking pizza orders and other store opera-
tions. Eligible applicants should apply at 
the UCSD store, located at 3211 Holiday 
Court after 3:30 p.m. (10/19-11130) 
Wanted - Mother's helper, must be reli-
able, considerate, sensible, energetic, and 
organized. A valid drivers license and 
transportation is necessary_ $6.00 to$8.00 
per hour. Send qualilications to: Carol 
Shaffer, P.O. Box 3208, Rancho Santa Fe, 
Cal. 92067. (10/19·10129) 
Bicycle Mechanic wanted, FUll/Part-time, 
must have shop experience w/reterences. 
Expanding Carlsbad shop, 434·5698. (1 0/ 
22-11 /2) 
ATIENDANT WANTED by young, pro-
fessional, disabled woman. Beginning 
November (1 stl2nd wk.). TTH 6a.m.·noon ; 
Sat. 7:30a.m.-3:30 p.m. Reliable, eHicient, 
own car. Personal care (no exp OK), 
shopping, housework, drovlng. $7/hr. PAM 
298-1745. (10/24-10/29) 
Neuro Care: LST poSition, retrain people 
with Traumatic Brain Injury. Work with a 
state-of-the·art Neurobehavioral Rehab. 
Team. Excellent experience to compliment 
education. Call (619) 789-4600. (10/26-
11/12) 

FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITY · vour own 
hours - your own BOSS -unlimited $$ 61 9-
492-8433. 24 hour recorded message. 
(10/29) 

FOR SALE 
PLEASE BUY OUR COMPUTER, we need 
to eat! IBM PC Junior. Color terminal, 
Okidata MiNoline 92 printer. MAKE AN 
OFFER. CALL 270-9220. (10/5-1 1130) 
Del Mar - why rent? $1 12,900 condo. 2 
BR, 2 BA, pool, spa, beach 1 mile. Chris, 
931 -6977. (10/12-11 /14) 

19" Bianchi 12 speed SUNTOUR GEARS, 
pump $200 obo. RA'UP 453-5514. (10/ 
22 -10/29) 
AIRLINE TICKET: Roundtrip San Fran. 
Bay Area. Leave Nov. 2, return early Nov. 
5. $55.00 Call 558-0055. (10122-10/29) 
HP28S CALCULATOR - $100 includes 
several extras; INFRARED PRINTER -
extra rolls, ac adapter - $70, 692-1873. 
(1 0/24- I 0/29) 
ONE JANE's ADDICTION TICKET for Sat. 
Nov. 3 show. Asking $100 o.b.o. Call 
Barbara 457-5690. (10/24-10129) 
BMW 1982 528E, Automatic, Power Ev-
erything, Cheap Mechanictoo, Great Deal, 
$7000. DAN 759-1565. (10124-10129) 
6' Queen size Futon with 4'position frame. 
Excellent condition . Will deliver - $140/ 
o.b.o. Call 558-7504. (1 0124-10129) 
1988 Mazda B2200 Cab-plus, 5 spd ., 
Buckets, Kenwood ster., Equalizer, tint-
$5,800. Call Joe - 558-7602. (10124·1 1/ 
5) 

La Jolla Village Center 
near Ralphs 

• Resume Package 
• Self Serve Rental 
• 24 Hour Access 
• Close to Campus 

10% Off Self Serve Macintosh~ Rental with 
this coupon. Expires 11-15-90 

NGlES PItONE NETWORk 
E~citing new concept to meet 
other singles. FREE 'Voice 
Mailbox", a unique way to 
record and safely receive 
mllssages in response to 
your personal ad in the North 
County "Entertainer". (First 30 
words FRE 

NEW WINTER ANTHROPOLOGY COURSE 
AN 185: SOCIAL CHANGE IN THE WESTERN 

PACIFIC 
Professor Peter Black 

The course examines society and politics in Micronesia and Eastern 
Indonesia focusing on the nation-state penetration of previously 
autonomous communities. Self-definition, inter-ethnic relations, and 
conniet resolution in Micronesia and Eastern Indon sia will be 
analyzed from a cultural perspective. 

Prerequisite: pper division standing 

The course meet ~ T TH 10.00 to J J :20 in Ext. 150. Contaci the 
department offIce for the course code. H&SS 8009, extension 4-4146. 

Monday, October 29, 1990 

DISCOUNT AIR FARES. RESERVE 
HOLIDA YTRAVEL NOW. USA, EOPE. 
FREE BONUS MfLES. 481-1264" (10/ 
24-11/9) 

6' futon and 4-position frame. $100. 
Close locampus. 587-0709. (10/26-111 
30) 

JANE'S ADDICTION. 1 ticket Fri. Nov. 
2. $60 obo. Call Scott at 457-4982. (101 
26·10/29) 

'77 Ford Maverik. Runs wonderfully, 
automatic, NC , 70K, very reliable. 
$1,150. Call Matias, 481-5658. (10/26-
10/29) 

1, MAYBE 2 JANE'S ADDICITON 
TICKETS, FRI. NOV. 2. I'M BROKEI 
MAKE OFFER; 558-9431, HEATHER. 
(1 0/26-1 0/29) 

2 Jane's Addiction tickets for Friday, 
November 2 show. $60 each obo. Call 
Chris, 558-2427. (1 0.126-1 0/29) 

Airline companion ticket. San Diego-
Florida round trip. $250. Also, 25% dis-
count East Coast, $25. 298-8768. (101 
26-10/29) 

Queen size waterbed with heater, no 
leaks, $60. Call John, 793-1160. (101 
26-10129) 

'83 Toyota Tercel.lmmaculale looking, 
5 speed, great mileage. new clutch! 
brakes. $2,500lbest. 296-8768. (10/26-
10/29) 

Kenwood single-disc compact disc 
player, $130 obo. Call Jonathan, 453-
8852. (10/26-1112) 

Rims: Centerlines for Mazda RX7. 79-
85 front rims 15 x 8", back 15 x g" new 
tires. Vince, 271 -0497. (10/26·10/29) 

'73 Datsun wagon. All newlrebuilt. Worth 
a call. $1350 obo, 299-2561 . (10/26-
1112) 

Round trip Thanksgiving airline ticket 
- San Diego/San Jose. Only $92. Call 
Julie, 558-6768. (10/26-10/31) 

DataFrame 20M hard disk for Macin-
tosh, $300 obo. Rixon 1200-baud mo-
dem, $35 obo. 60s style hardwood ste-
reo cabinet, free if you have transporta-
tion. Call Steve at 453-2635. (10126-101 
31) 

One-way airline licket, San Diego to 
New Y.ork City. $175 obo. 543·0321 . 
(10/26-10/29) 

'77 MUSTANG, V6, Auto , white, runs 
fine, new lireslbrakes, sunroof, AM/FM 
cassette, $1000 obo. Mark, 297-1393. 
(10/26-10/31) 

Specialized slump jumper, grey, good 
condition with Avenir lock. Must sell. 
$300 - will negotiate. Carlos, 277 -4635. 
(10/29-10/30) 

JANE'S ADDICTION - 1 or 2 tickets. 
Sat. Nov .3. $85 o.b.o. Call Paul orCartos 
- 755-9719. (10/29-10131) 

1960 TOYOTA COROLLA, lOOk mi, 
Rebuilt Carb, AMlFM, AC, Runs like 
newl $1200/best 299·3693. (10129-11/ 
2) 

TWO JANE'S ADDICTION TICKETS. 
For Nov. 3 Show. $75 o.b.o. 272-4635. 
Ask for Duff. (10/29-11/2) 

FOR SALE: Airplane ticket SD-SFO-
SO leaving Nov. 16, Return Nov. 18 
$100 o.b.o. Call Kate 453-7609 (Iv 
message) MUST SELLI (10/29-1112) 

2 JANE'S ADDICTION TICKETS for 
FRIDAY NOV. 2 - $50 EACH - Call 729· 
9762. (10129-10131) 

GT All Terra MOUNTAIN BIKE, 21 
speed, Shimano Components, $330 w/ 
lock. Call Jeff at 457·8342. (10129) 

2 JANE'S ADDICTION TICKETS FOR 
SALE (Saturday Show) Call Mark. 450-
0159 (10129-10/31) 

SKIS - Kastle RX12 SGM, 203 em wi 
Tyrolia bindings, Kerma Poles. Great 
skis, Greatcond. only$200.AlsoO'Neill 
wetsuit. 2-piece, L, almost new, $85 
o.b.o .. Peter 581 -9116. (10/29) 

an. size mattress, box spring & frame 
only $25. Call Diane 792-9553. (10/29) 

1 JANE'S ADDICTION ticket for Friday 
show for sale. Call Colln457-4166. (10-
29-11/2) 

HOUSING 
3 ROOMMATES WANTED for 4bd 
University City House. Near all. Fire-
place, garden, carpeting, spacious. 459-
2935. (10/19-10129) 

WANTED: ROOMMATE MALE OR 
FEMALE. $350 month plus 1/3 utilities. 
Own room. 558-8365. (10/22-10/31) 

Penasquitos $1050, 4 bedrooms, 2.5 
balhs, house. 2-car garage. Available 
in Nov. Leave message: 695-8253. (101 
22-10/29) 

Male roommate share 4BRl2BA. own 
room. In University City, near UCSD. 
$334. Craig, 546-9459. (10/24-1112) 

DEL MAR - Male roommate needed. 
Across the street from BEACH I Share 
room , $300/month . Call 755-9719. (101 
26-10131 ) 

Female roommate. UTC townhome. 
Own room. $283. Near all. Available 
11 /1. Berkley or Jeryl , 455-5633. (101 
26-10/29) 

4 bd spacious University House for 
renti Walk to malls , 5 min from UCSD. 
Must see! 459-2935. (10126-1112) 

UNIVERSITY CITY - room - $295. Pro· 
rated utilities. Share home. Preferable 
male student. Available Oct. 31. Tel 
453-6371 /452-6840. (10/26·10/29) 

UNIVERSITY CITY, shared room $250 
plus 1/4 utilities, 3 BRl2 BA furnished, 
malure roommates, Tom, 587-8246. 
(10/26-11/5) 

Female roommate needed to share 
bedroom in beautiful La Jolla Interna-
tional Gardens apartment. 3 min from 
campus. Gym, spa, pool, fireplace, 
partially furnished, refrigerator, micro· 
wave, dishwasher, near buslines. Jen-
nifer, 558-6053. (10/26-10131) 

Pacific Beach North. Responsible , oul· 
going, fun roommate, preferably male, 
to share 3 bedroom house. Large yard, 
garage, laundry, hardwood floors. $400. 
Available now. 272-1969. Leave meso 
sage. (10126-10/29) 

ARE FRANK ZAPPA OR MICK JAGGER 
REALLY COMING TO THE THEATRE 
DEPARTMENT? 
THE ONLY WAY TO FIND OUT IS TO SIGN UP! 

THEATRE 114 - ROCK PERFORMANCE 
Monday/Wednesday, 5:00 to 6:20 p.m., WLH 2001. 
Study of American and European Rock Perfonnance a a 
theatrical activity, (4 units) Winter '91. 
Zappa, Jagger and many others have beell invited as 
guest speakers alld mayor may not accept invitatiolls. 
Videos of their work will be discussed regardless . 

The UCSD Guardian 

FEMALE NONSMOKER. $2251300 + 
1/4utilities. Laundry, Park,5 minutes to 
lJCSD. 587-691 O. Leave message. (1 01 
29-10131) 

LOST & FOUND 
HELP! Lost. Red UCSD Black·Leathered 
bottom backpack with books and all 
homework Inside. Worthless checkbook 
and calculalor, also $50 reward , no 
questions asked. Contact Nghia (NEA). 
558-6168. PLEASE I (10/29) 

PERSONALS 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

Fact ... CNer 55 Caiforrla sIudenIs managed Iheir(1M1 b.Jsinesses iastsummer 
Fact .. . Their average ecmi~ b'!he stJITV11E!( of 1990 were $10,700 
Fact, .. They oontinued to p<DVe a ~ trCK;k reoord in bJsiness 
Fact ... These SlLXJen5 all managed Wth S1udent Panters em gcinQj v~ 
management expertise 
Fact ... Most lerriklries"";l be filled tft !he end of f'.Ioo.ietrber 
Management hiring now taking place 101' the summer of 1991 

Cat Copy Beautiful outdoor dining overlooking Torrey Pines golf course! Tasty, nutri-tiouscuisine, all you can eatsaladbar ... 
Choices 554-FOOD. (20% discount wi 
UCSD 10). (9/24-11 /30) I 
UC CYClERY is now offering an awe- I 
some tune up special. With the coupon I 
in Friday's paper you get $5.00 off our I 
$25.00 price. We'll fix your bike up right. I 
(10/24-10/29) I 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BIND!NG 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE Destinations Unknown presents 

Rosarito Beach FAll FESTIVAl. 
November 16-18, 2 nighlsl 2 days, 
transportation, accommodations, free 
parties, optional lobster dinner, only 
$75. See tabfe in Price Center of CALL 
793-0492. (10/26-11/9) 

Hey folks, check out Paper Trends in 
Costa Verde for all your Halloween 
needs. They've got everything from 
Jason masks 10 Halloween boxers; all 
at the lowest prices available. (10126-
10/31) 

STUDYIWORK IN EASTERN EU-
ROPE, USSR! Applicallons, Group 
Advising TUESDAY, 1 0/30 1:30-3p.m .. 
International Center OAO. (10/29) 

DARRELL-and you thought you were 
safe. You do realize thai you are going 
to have to tell us the story at some point. 
Caren even promises not 10 suffer from 
a narcolepsy attack during the story! 
(10/29) 

Those who use Ihe Studenl Cenlerbike 
racks as their private bike storage areas 
- stop or else I (10/29) 

II's the last week of the Guardian In-
ternship meetings! Monday and 
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in GH 1116. (101 
29) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks. 4·wheelers, 
TVs, stereos, furniture, and computers 

by DEA, FBI, IRS, and US customs. 
Available your area now. 

CALL 1-805-682-7555 EXT. C-1199 

REPOSSESSED VA & HUD HOMES 
availible from government from $1 

without credit check. 
. You repair. 

Also tax delinquent foreclosures. 
CALL 1-805-682-7555 

EXT. H-I443 for repo list your area. 

I 
I 3211 Holiday Cl. (next to Domino's Pi=a) • 452-9949 

M-F 8:30-6 p .m . b 11 26 ' 90 
Sat . 1-4 pm With UCSD ID 

Voted -s-st tasting yogutl overall In 1M GoIderll'tonoM-
-Melropoloton trOgCIZlI'le . June 1990 VogurtTasle lesl 

· 2 for 1··~·:::':":::'::'·.·· • or large frozen yogurt or . . • 
• ice cream and get one • 
• of equal or lesser value • 
• FREE. • 
· ~~ . 
• La Jalla Colony 7770 Regenl, Rd .. # 108 (In the Von, SIlapp/no Center) 11·10:30 Sun.-Thoo.: • 
• OntICouponpercuslom8l. EKpi'es 11/4/90 11-11Frl &501 • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Are You Considering 
Professional School? 

HARVARD UNIVERSITY'S 
~JOHN F. KENNEDY 

SCHOOL OF GOVEHNMENT 

is looking for future leaders in PubliC 
Affairs. We offer a 2-year Master's program 
in Public Policy, with concentrations 
offered in: 

• Criminal Justice 
• Energy & Environmental Policy 
• Govemment & Business 
• Health Policy 
• Housing & Community Development 
• Human Services. Labor & Education 
. Intemational Affairs & Security 
• International Development 
.Intemational Trade & Finance 
• Press & Politics 
• Science & Technology 
• Transportation 
• Urban Economic Development 

Interested? Then come meet with the Kennedy 
School Representative who will be on your campus 
on: 

DATE: 
TIME: 
LOCATION: 

November 1 
1:00 
Please Contact the 
Career Services Center 
For This Information 

ALL STUDENTS, AlL YEARS, All MAJORS WELCOMEI 

... 



22 SPORTS T h e UCSD Guardjan 

SPORTSLINE 

Ice Hockey Has Successful Debut 
The UCSD ice hocke team 

uccessfully opened its 1990-9 I 
eason on the road. ripping off a 

5-2 victory Saturday again t USC. 
and slipping by Cal Te h 5-4 on 
Sunday. 

Leigh Hsu led the Tritons with 
four goals against the Trojans, in-
cluding one goal just 28 seconds 
into the game. 

H u fini hed the first period with 
three goals. He al 0 added an assist 
in the game. 

Tom Gould tallied the remain-
ing Triton goal. 

At Pasadena on Sunday, the 
TrilOns slid by the Beaver on the 
strength of two goals from Hsu, 
and a goal and two as ists from 
GOUld . 

W.SOCCER 
Continued from page 24 
point. 

UCSD finally struck gold mid-
way through the first half on a 
comer kick by Kalyn Shea which 
was headed in by Jaymie Bradford 
at 28:16. 

The Triton attack ebbed for the 
remainder of the half, prompting 
McManus' di gruntled pep talk 10 
jar their memories of how they had 
attained their previous success. 

The Coyotes - although 
outshot on goal seven to two in the 
half, and 13 to five forthe game-
showed more determination, 
compiling 11 fouls to UCSD's one 
by halftime. 

"It was a scramble in that [first 
halfj,"McManu noted. "Wemade 
sure that we got bodie in between 
the ball and the goal." 

The second half proved to be 
more characteristic ofUCSD's play 
this season, displaying a defense 
that kept CSUSB pinned at midfield 
or in its end of the field. 

Chri John on and John Stein 
each added a goal. while Brent 
Frazier chipped in with two a -
si t . 

The Tritons next game is their 
home opener tomorrow aga inst San 
Diego Stateat the San Diego Sports 
Arena. 

The game is scheduled to start 
at 10:30 p.m., following the San 
Diego Gulls' match. 

WATER SKIING: The UCSD 
water ski team finished fourth 
overall out of 10 teams at the An-
nual Halloween Tournament 
ho ted by San Diego State thi 
weekend. 

The men finished third overall, 
while the women came in fifth. 

Sacramento State took home the 
day's top overall honors. 

San Diego State fini hed sec-
ond, while UCLA wa close be-
hind in third. 

The toumament consisted of 
three events - the slalom, trick, 
and jump - from which the total 
overall score was calculated. 

Greg Foerster led the UCSD 
men with a sixth place finish in the 
men's slalom. 

Duane Gee and Ru ell John-
son tied for eighth. 

The men finished third overall 
in the slalom and fourth in the trick 
division. 

Cindy Be tIed the women with 
a third place finish in the women's 
jump. 

Regional Pairings Announced 
Pairings for the NCAA Division III women's soccer Western 

Regionals were announced yesterday, and if the UCSD women's 
soccer team plans to repeat it national championship run of la t 
eas<?n, it will have to do 0 starting in the freezing cold of Winona, 

Minnesota. 
UCSD will be the lone entrant from the West Coast, with the 

remaining three teams all hailing from Minnesota. 
The Tritons are set to play MacalesterCollege in the first game 

of the Regional , while host St. Mary 's will face off against College 
of St. Benedict in the second. 

The winners will then meet in the Regional final on Sunday. 

The Tritons also added a little 
insurance, when Shea and Bradford 
duplicated their earlier score - a 
comer kick headed in for a goal-
with 30 minutes remaining. 

Kingsbury, who received an-
other brutal shot from a Coyote 
player earlier in the period, retali-
ated with a goal of her own on a 
breakaway nine minutes later to 
end the scoring at 3-0. 

Defensively, UCSD did have 

its share ofluck. Nine players were 
within the Triton goal box simul-
taneously, and two shots were taken 
by CSUSB - yet the Coyotes did 
not capitaJ ize on the numerous op-
portunities. 

UCSD goalie Karin Carper, who 
notched her fourth consecutive 
shutout and 13th of the season, 
covered her face with her hands 
and smiled at her good fortune 
once the ball was cleared. 

Includes Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra 
Full sef'VIce pnces reg $21-$26 
Standby fares are sublect to availability 
of stylists To Insure faster sef'VIce. It's 
best to come on weekda)'S 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 
MEN -WOMEN 

DEMOGRAPHICS CLERK 
SAN DIEGO CITY SCHOOLS 
HALF-TIME: $793.5010 $964 
PER MONTH. Know basic 
personal computer operation 
and software ; word process-
ing; able to learn Landtrak 
Geo. Syst. software; read 
planning maps/drawings, etc. 
Prefer post-highschool com-
puter training, demographics 
and statistics . 

Submit our form by 5 p.m. 
Wednesday , Nov. 7,1990, 
room 1241, 4100 Normal 

Street, San Diego; 293-8150 
EEO/AA 

Monday, October 29,1990 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Eric Kinney finished sixth overall. 30 seconds behind the leader. 

X-COUNTRY 
ContInued from page 24 
were the onl y ones to break the 19 
minute mark, whichConlaymissed 
by half a second. 

Karen Longyear, whom 
Stanforth claims is " running really 
well" cracked the top-10 with an 
eighth place finish in 19:42, giving 
UCSD a "solid top three." 

VivianaRezain 13th,andKatie 
Jamieson in 18th, in 19:54 and 
20:29, respectively, completed the 
scoring for the Tritons. 

While PLNC couldn ' t find 
enough runners to score in the 
women's competition, the NAIA 
Crusaders more than made up for 
that by capturing the men 's title 
with just 23 points. 

UCSD's 39 points seem a mere 
margin of defeat compared with 
CSUSB 's 82 and USIU's 96. 

The top three PLNC runners 
must have felt like businessmen on 

a lunch-break jog, finishing to-
get her in 26:54.5, 10 seconds ahead 
of Triton Mike Fox. 

Fox , UCSD's only senior, 
breezed in 27:05.3, and averted the 
Crusaders' attempt at sweeping the 
top four spots. 

Eric Kinney finished just two 
spots behind Fox, in sixth, but was 
almost 20 seconds back of the 
leader in 27:24.6. 

Stefan Wynn kept UCSD on its 
every-other-runner pace, six sec-
onds back of Kinney in eighth. 

Steve Fenster aJsostayed within 
the 27-minute range, finishing 12th 
in 27:50.9, followed by Mark Yuen 
14 seconds back in 13th. 

'The men ran average, not good, 
not bad," Stanforth assessed, ex-
plaining that the Tritons raced just 
about as expected. 

"I know this group of guys can 
be a really good cross country team, 
and I'm hoping that it happens this 
year." 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISISf 

WE'VE GOT 
THE CURE! 

novelty ile-;;:;;' gin wrapping' balloons' greeting cardSJ 
"'btiLarge selection of gift aw1 shipping boxes 
% 

~ . 

O 4305 La Jolla Vi llage Drive, UTe Mall (next to Carlos Murphy's) 
fM 453.9993 

W. I I: , OPEN DAILY 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly vi its for evaluation. 

Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
If interested, ca ll 534-4955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534-6 47. 

Monday, October 29, 1990 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 23 

W.POLO 
ContInued from page 24 
contests. 

In their initial tournament 
match, the Tritons dropped an 8-4 
decision to host Long Beach State 
on Saturday morning. 

"The key against [Long Beach) 
was our failure to convert on man-
up [6-on-5) opportunities," Harper 
observed. "We only scored on two 
out of eight of those." 

The day was far from a total 
loss as the Tritons proceeded to 
swamp Loyola Marymount on 
Saturday afternoon, 15-7. Kevin 
Vance and Gary Seelhorst each 
had stellar games against the Lions 
as they scored four goals apiece to 
power the Triton attack. 

TheTritons faced nemesis CSU 
Los Angeles next, and were edged 
7-6 by the Golden Eagles in an 
exciting Sunday morning game. 

"Even though we 've lost two 
out of three games to CSULA this 
year, I think this [Sunday's] game 
gave us a definite psychological 
advantage over them going into 
the WWPA tournament," Harper 
said. 

Harper felt that Sunday 's con-
test was an "embarrassing" win for 
the Golden Eagles, as they were 
barely able to hold on in what was 
"[essentially) a home game for 
them." 

The Tritons assaulted the 
Golden Eagles' goalie with 30 shots 
on goal, but were able to convert 
only six goals and missed several 
high-percentage shots. 

"This was the fiOrst time this 

Brian MorrlliGuardian 
Jay Hagan shoots and scores Friday against Stanford University. 
season we ~ost to a team ranked 
below us," Harper said. "But we 
could have very easily beaten 
them." 

UCSD was ranked 12th, while 
CSULA was ranked 13th. 
Seelhorst paced UCSD's offense 
against the Eagles with four goaJs. 

In theirfifthgarne in three days, 
the Tritons upended a pesky 
Claremont squad, 11-9 . Vance, 
UCSD's leading scorer on the sea-
son, added three more goals against 

the Stags on Sunday aftemoon. 
UCSD will host UC Riverside 

Halloween afternoon, and Harper 
feels that the Highlanders may gi ve 
his young Triton squad a scare. 

"rUCR's coach) Gary Anderson 
has really made some improvement 
in theirteam," Harper said. "I think 
that this is going to be a really 
tough, close game for us." 

Assoc. Sports Editor Les Bruvold 
contributed to this report. 

[f)[M]ml {J~ 
PRIME 
PICKS 

BY PHIL GRUEN 

PHIL'S RECORD IS 3-3 

MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL 
FAVORITE 
L.A. Rams 

LllSE 
*3 

UNDERDOG 
PITTSBURGH 

PHlL'S ANAL YSIS . .. Let's see here - Pittsburgh is 
3-4, in second-to-Iast place in the AFC Central, and the 
Rams are 2-4, vying for a last -place tie in the NFC West. 
This game should have been interesting. It should have 
had some bearing on the divisional races . It would have 
-last year. Both of these teams made the playoffs last 
year, and this year these teams are working hard to keep 
themselves outofthe playoffs. [This game could provide 
excitement if the Rams have the ball, because their 
offense is second best in the NFC, and the Steelers have 
the AFC's second-best defense. But when the Steelers ' 
AFC-worst offense goes against one of the NFC's worst 
defenses, you'll get a better sense of what these two 
teams are all about - they both suck.] But the Steelers 
may suck a bit more than the Rams, and I'm beginning 
to feel sorry for the pitiful demise of sports in Los 
Angeles. (Just kidding). Still, PHIL says ... 

TAKE THE RAMS 
• Official line from Rams But, Alwtys Have. AlwlYs Will, CA 

•••••••••••••••••••• 
-

: UCSD SPECIAL! 
I 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS ~I~-
(Free consultallon and inilialtreatment 15 min. S20 vallie. First-time clients only.)' 

Eyebrows 

Upper lip 

Chin 

Undelatms 
Breast 

Stomach 
Bikini Une 

AnglfS 
legs 

Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American Medical Association 
approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female staff, state lie. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
LaJoUa Village ProfesslOIUIl Cfttter Beblnd Elephant Bar 
8950 Villa Lajolla Dr. Ste. 2121 

'bplres 11129190 

Auto and Motorcycle 
Insurance 

Monthly pay available 

local 
800-457 ·1234 

Paul Sirkin Insurance 
•• -L .......... __ ••••••••••••••• 

. ...................•........• 

As "sual 
.... qMI'U' 

ftUD-Y 
19 YftI pool 

". .. a warm, party ~~-.J). 
• I atmosphere ... for /3 /.'_ . 

serious pizza eaters ... " ~$----' 
...... ' restaurant crltlc ~~ ii{:o M-JI, II_-Mid. rrl/ 

Jack White. Channel 10 ~('hi,. .. 

L f·Sat. IIam-'om To' d ,F h ............ 
" s..n. Il:3Oam-Atid 1. tre OJ t e same 0/' cardboard pizza? 
............. _ ~ __ ,_ Call Bf's for gourmet quality. 

! i '1-00 0"-;-$200 oHi 
• I AllY ..... PIZZA I AllY LUG. PIZZA I 
• I I'IL'rlSe [In!Sent coopon when orrJerlng I Please present coupon uobcn orrJeri''8. I 
• L _ ~J'S Pizzeria, U)oUa ___ 1 ___ BlS PJzzeria, La)O~ _-.J 
• 
• 

8873 ViUaLaJoUa Dr. !..ajolla Vl/lageCelller 455.0662 

I 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • UCSD's Original Pizzeria is stilt the best! • 

Expires IIJ2909O 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

~~ORD 
~~ 
• Quiche 
• Seafood Salad 
• Chicken Curry 
• Garden Salads 
• Homemade Soups 

• Danishes 
• Scones 
• Cappuccino 

, • Gourmet Coffee 
~ .) 

• Fresh Breads 

Need a Nice, Quiet Place To Study? 
How About Coming Over to Our House. 
OPEN 7 AM • 5 PM • 7 Days a Week • 481·8590 

1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 
(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

... 

~ , 



SPORTS 
24 SPORTS 

Rlmas UzglrlslGuardian 
The Tritons are concentrating on a regional playoff trip to Minnesota. 

Second in 
The Woods 
• In its only home meet of 
the year, cross country 
places second in both the 
men's and women's races 
By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

Both UCSD cross country teams spent a 
good deal of time running in the woods 
below the North Campus Recreation Area 
on Saturday morning. 

No, they weren't practicing their survival 
skills, or playing paint-pellet war - they 
were dodging branches and avoidingjutting 
rocks on their way to each team finishing 
second in the annual UCSD Invitational. 

Though the women's 5000 meter course 
and the men 's 8000m route through the most 
rugged terrain on campus - with the ex-
ception of the pit near Central library -
seems to define the term "cross country", it 
is actually not a typical course, according to 
Triton Head Coach Mark Stanforth. 

Most schools direct the runners through 
rolling, open fairways of golf courses, and 
the Tritons train mostly on the grass, 0 
UCSD had little home-cour e advantage. 

On the women's side, Tritons Denise 
McFayden and Michelle Conlay nailed down 
the first and third spots, respectively, but 
UCSD was edged in the overall scoring by 
the UCLA 'B ' team, 28-35 . 

CSU San Bernardino (76) and U.S. In-
ternational (96) rounded out the coring 
field. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 29, 1990 

Grace Under Pressure 
• Women's soccer responds in a must-win 
situation against CSUSB with a 3-0 victory 

gishly against the Coyotes, having 
trouble getting the ball past 
midfield in the opening 10 minutes 
of the match. By Ken Boulton 

Guardian Reporter 
"This team shouldn't even be 

able to play with us," UCSD 
women's soccer Head Coach Brian 
McManus yelled at his players 
during halftime of yesterday 's 
contest with Division ill rival CSU 
San Bernardino. 

UCSD had a 1-0 lead at the 
time. 

McManus ' squad responded, 
however, putting forth amuch more 
aggressive attack en route to a 3-0 
victory over the Coyotes. 

The victory wrapped up a spot 
in the upcoming Division ITI 
Western Regionals next weekend 

(see story page 22), as the Triton 
finished their 1990 campaign with 
a 14-2-1 overall record. 

The regular season was cut short 
because a scheduled contest with 
Cal Lutheran this Wednesday was 
cancelled. 

"They're coming together good 
and playing quite well," a seem-
ingly content McManus said of his 
players. "They're beginning to un-
derstand their jobs." 

The Tritons couldn ' t have 
picked a better time for newfound 
interpretation of McManu ' sys-
tem, with the playoffs just around 
the corner. 

However, UCSD started slug-

The Tritons didn't take their 
first shot on goal until 13 :30 into 
the first half, when Karin Lindsay's 
shot attempt glanced harmlessly 
off the post ofCSUSB's goal. 

To make matters worse, the in-
jury-ridden Tritons -already suf-
fering from the absences of start-
ers Cheryl Parker and Joanne daLuz 
- were nearly inflicted with an-
other casualty when Jennifer 
Kingsbury went down after a hard 
hit to her knee. 

Kingsbury remained in the 
game, however, only to suffer a 
mildly sprained ankle at a later 

See W. SOCCER, Page 22 

Tritons Hit 
Playoffs in 
Full Stride 
• Men's soccer downs 
USIU 2-0 to record its 
10th shutout of the year 
By Andrew Gayton 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD's men ' s soccer season 
might be likened to a steeplechase race 
- one full of hurdles, but with smooth 
stretches in between. 

The Tritons have cleared the barriers 
of youth and injuries - putting together 
a 15-2-1 record, including eight con-
secutive wins - in outracing all others 
for the top ranking in the Far West Re-
gion. 

Though virtually assured of a playoff 
berth, the Tritons still viewed their last 
regular-season game against U.S. Inter-
national yesterday as a final hurdle -
and ttley didn 't get tripped up in shutting 
out the Gulls, 2-0. 

While some might consider the Gulls 
just another team added to the nameless 
heap of other UCSD victims, at a second 
glance, the game takes on added impor-
tance. 

The Tritons came into the game with 
two losses, and another loss may have 
cost UCSD its spot in the NCAA 
Regionals. 

McFayden clocked in at 18:48, seven 
seconds ahead of a UCLA runner, as the two 

See X-COUNTRY, Page 22 

Uzglrlsl Guardian 
After receiving a cross from Chris Hanssen, Mike Gerhardt headed in this goal. 

It looks like the worry was for naught, 
though, as UCSD took initial possession 

See M. SOCCER, Page 18 

Water Polo Finds Hope in Loss to Stanford 
By John Ruud 
Guardian Reporter 

At Canyonview Pool Friday 
afternoon, the UCSD men's water 
polo team experienced the joy of 
defeat, losing to the number two 
team in the nation, Stanford, 11 -7. 

Despite his team coming up on 
the short end of the score for the 
19th time thi ea on, Head Coach 
Denny Harper wa enthu ia tic 
about his team's performance. 

"The last time [tne two team 

met at the UC Irvine Tournament 
in September] they worked us 14-
3. The worst this game got was 9-
4." 

The Tritons (6-21) were able to 
put even goals pa tthree di fferent 
Cardinal goaltenders, but, for the 
most part, UCSD could not keep 
up with the bigger, stronger, and 
faster Stanford quad. 

The swift Stanford counter-at-
tack, along with deadly cross-cage 
pas e , left UCSD fre hman goalie 

Andy Bruce helpless to stop the Friday's game, clearing the bench 
scoring, although his outstanding with 2:36 remaining in the third 
play kept the game close. quarter. The Tritons ' second team 

In addition, 11 turnovers pre- looked sharp, outscoring Stanford 
vented UCSD from doing much 3-2 in the final period. 
damage to the stingy Cardinal de- UCSD' trong effort against 
fen e. The Tritons' inability to hold the highly-regarded Cardinal left 
onto the ball on offense, along with Harper very optimistic about hi 
a three-way hat-tri ck from team ' po tsea on chance. 
Stanford' Colin Keeley, Rick "We ' re not too tired from this 
McNair, and Greg Morri , made game," Harper aid. "We're look-
the difference in the match. ing strong and [we are] in a good 

Ha~r.usedp,is~l,l,t~resquadin . po ition tQ wip the WWPA 

[Western Water Polo Association] 
Championship and go to the NCAA 
[Tournament] ." 

"I feel good ... I didn ' t expect 
this game to give u much mo-
mentum, but we looked good," 
Harper said. 

This measurable improvement 
left the team very excited and 
motivated forthe4ger Invitational 
at Long Beach State on Saturday 
and Sunday, where they split four 

Sett 'l(I. POLO, Page 23 


