
INSIDE ... ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS 
UC News .............................. 2 
Opinion ................................ 4 
Arts & Entertainment ..... ..... 10 

Climbing to 
Success 

v = Ball Headed 
For Playoffs 

Classifieds ......................... 12 
Sports ................................ 16 'Jacob's Ladder' thrills/10 Regionals begin Friday/16 

The UCSD 
University of California, 

San Diego 

WEDNESDAY 
November 7, 1990 
Vol. 71, No. 19 

Prop C Passes, Professor Trailing in Election 
• State: TV'Networks declare Wilson • San Diego: Vote on pound seizure 
winner. $450 million bond for higher receives overwhelming support. UCSD 
education too close to call. 'Big Green' professor Dan Kripke's third try comes 
initiative is resoundingly defeated. closer to defeating incumbent Lowery. 
By Ben Boychuk 
Senior Staff Writer 

Voters in yesterday's general 
election showed a disdain for both 
spending and politicians, as most 
bond measures on the ballot were 
defeated while a proposition im-
posing strict term limits was ap-
proved. 

One bond issue that was still in 

ELECTION RESUL TS/3 
doubt as of press time would have a 
definite impact at UCSD. 

Proposition 143, the HIgher 
Education Facilities Bond Act of 
1990, had a narrow majority with 26 
percent of voting precincts reporting. 
The measure, endorsed by the UC 
Regents and the University of Cali-
fomiaStudents' Association, would 
authorize the state to issue $450 
million in bonds as a part of a two-
year plan to provide new classrourns, 
laboratories, libraries, and earth-
quake safety upgrades for the UC, 
California State University, and 
California's community colleges. 

The money would supplement 
the $450 million raised by Proposi-
tion 121, approved by voters last 
June. 

In a statement released by the 
office of UC President David 
Gardner, "Proposition 143 is im-
portant to maintaining the Uni-
versity'S momentum in planning, 
building, renovating, and strength-
ening facilities at the nine UC cam-

uses. 

The new money helped offset 
the recent $160 million shortfall in 
the UCbudget. According to UCSD 
Associate Vice Chancellor for 
Management Resources John 
Woods, 'The state budget does not 
have the cash to pay for these 
projects." 

'The only way is through the 
bond issue, " Woods said. 

Proponents called the initiative 
the "backbone of [the UC's] build-
ing program." Without the bond 
money, they said, the university will 
be unable to meet the needs of Cali-
fornians. 

Opponents of the issue claimed 
that there was no guarantee that the 
money would be used the way the 
proponents of the initiative said. 

Wesley Adams, San Diego chair 
of Young Americans for Freedom, 
said that "Proposition 143 doesn't 
seem to be the answer." 

"I'd like to see where the money 
is going," Adams said. 

Some UCSDprojects that would 
be helped by Proposition 143 are the 
new visual arts building and the 
purchase of new equipment for the 
chemistry and biology labs in the 
new Sciences Building currently 
under construction. 

The money would have also 
supplemented preliminary plans for 
a new Social Sciences Building and 
possible renovations to Mandeville 
Center. 

Police Release Name of UCSD 
Student Arrested in Stabbing 
By Jason Snell 
News Editor 

UCSD Police have released 
the name of the student arrested 
in connection with the stabbing 
of a Santa Barbara man at War-
ren College last week. 

According to UCSD Police 
DetectiveDouglasO'DeU, War-
ren College Freshman Timothy 
Gonzales was arre ted Friday at 
his on-campus residence on the 
charge of a ault with a deadly 
weapon. 

O'Dell said that Gonzales was 
released from jail last Friday on 
$10,000 bail. He will be formally 
charged at an arraignment sched-
uled for Friday, O.'Dell aid. 

Gonzales has been accused of 
tabbing Steven Mas , 21, of 

Santa Barbara. 
Mas was stabbed on Pryalel 

Field near Warren College early 

Thursday morning. He was re-
leased from Scripps Memorial 
Hospital on Friday after being 
treated for his wounds, accord-
ing to a representative from 
Scripps. 

The Friday night incident ap-
parently began with a dispute 
over a jacket. Mass allegedly 
walked off with a UCSD 
student's jacket in Lot 504 be-
hind the Warren Apartments, 
police said. 

The student allegedly pursued 
Mass, enlisting the help of vari-
ous Warren Apartment residents, 
O'Dell aid. 

The chase led to Pryatel Field, 
where Gonzale i reported to 
have tabbed Ma s. 

Police reported earlier that 
Gonzale said he w acting in 
self -defen e, while Mass said he 
wa being chased. 

Guardian File Photo 
Wilson - Networks declare 
him winner over Feinstein. 

Governor's Race T ight 
Though Republican Pete Wil-

son of San Diego began last night 
with a large lead over Democrat 
Dianne Feinstein, that lead shrunk 
throughout the night until the two 
candidates pulled nearly even early 
in the morning hours. 

Still, all three television networks 
projected Wilson as the winner a 
little after 1 a.m. this morning. 

Wilson addressed his supporters 
at his election headquarters at 
Golden Hall in downtown San Di-
ego late last night, and seemed op-
timistic. 

"It feels great to be home," 
Wilson said. "I'm more proud of 
this campaign than any I've run 
before ... I'm confident of a vic-
tory." 

Big Green Loses 
Proposition 128, the controver-

sial environmental initiativeknown 
as "Big Green," was also defeated 
by Califomia voters. Big Green 's 

See STATE, Page 3 

By Ben Boychuk 
Senior Staff Writer 

In yesterday's San Diego County 
general election, a UCSDprofessor 
trailed by a surprisingly narrow 
margin in while a measure support-
ing UCSD's purchase of pound ani-
mals for research gained widespread 
voter support. 

UCSD Professor and Democratic 
candidateforthe41stCongressional 
Di trictseat Dan Kripke was appar-
ently defeated by Republican in-
cumbent Bill Lowery. Last night's 
defeat would mark. Kripke's third 
failed attempt at unseating the 10-
year congressman. Kripke ran and 
lost against Lowery in 1986 and 
again in 1988. 

At press time, Lowery held ap-
proximately 49 percent of the vote, 
while Kripke had gained 44 per-
cent. 

Riding a wave of anti-incumbent 
sentiment and questionable practices 
by Lowery, Kripke came far closer 
to defeating Lowery than in his past 
two campaigns. Lowery's 49 per-
cent of the vote is about 20 percent 
less than in his previou two battles 
with Kripke. 

"We've done better than people 
ever imagined," Kripke said last 
night. "I am grateful to all my friends 
at UCSD." 

Kripke hoped the third time 
would have been the charm, believ-
ing that voters were looking for a 

change. 'There is a wave of anger 
against the [Republican Party 's] 
failure to give us an honest budget," 
Kripke said. 

Kripke ran on a pro-choice plat-
form, saying that "many Republi-
cans, especially student ,will switch 
sides to vote for a pro-choice 
Democrat rather than an anti-abor-
tion Republican." 

Kripke has persistently accused 
Lowery of engaging in savings and 
loan fraud, accusations which 

Guardian File Photo 
Krlpke - Good performance 
Lowery's campaign has denied. 
According to Kripke, Lowery has 
kept over $60,000 in illegal cam-
paign contributions from various 
savings andloans, including everal 
thousand dollars from Don Dixon, 
former owner of Vernon Savings 

See COUNTY, Page 8 

UCSD CO-OPS Sign Space Agreement 
By Mary Betty Heard 
Associate News Editor 

The fruits of two years oflaborwere reaped Monday 
evening when the UCSD Student Cooperatives finally 
signed their space agreements with the University 
Center Board (UCB). 

The agreements were signed by representatives 
from the co-op ,UCB Chair Nick Long, and UCB Vice 
Chair Paul Eykamp at the beginning of the meeting 
during Long's report time. 

The r,pace agreement is a legal document which has 
guidelines for student organizations occupying pace 
in the tudent centers. 

It includes pecifications of how much the student 
organization i charged for square footage of space for 
debt service and the fact that by leasing the pace, the 
tudent organization are subject to university policy 

and procedures. 
Representing the co-ops at the meeting were Lauren 

Padilla of the Food Co-op, Randy orpu of the Gen-
eral Store Co-op, Bob Bellerue of the CM Cafe, and 
Steven Dubb of Groundwork Books. 

One fmal point of the space agreement that was 
decided Monday evening was the term of the lease. The 
UCB had considered the pos ibility of the pace 
agreement ending in March of 1991 rather than on Oct. 
31, 1991, as originally decided. 

The co-op ,however, opposed u h a change to the 

agreement. 
"[We are] looking forward to signing, but would like 

the end of the lease moved back to next fall, tt Bellerue 
said. 

Dubbadded, "As you know, we have always preferred 
a three year lease ... [but barring that] I'd rather have it 
end next fall, instead of ending in the pring and not 
having [a space agreement] during the ummer." 

The matter was finally settled by a vote taken prior to 
the signing of the agreements. Because of comments on 
the drawbacks of shortening the term of the lea e, the 
document was changed back to the Oct. 31 ending date. 

The final version of the space agreement i irnilarto 
one proposed in October. Neces ary revi ion. to the 
CM Cafe's lease, however, cau ed the igning to be 
po tponed from Oct. 22 to Oct. 29, and then again to 
Nov. 5. 

The igniog dates were pu hed back becau e each 
revi ion to the CM Cafe's agreement had to be approved 
by the Che Cafe collective, whose meeting times con-
flict with the UCB meeting time . 

While the other co-op could have igned the pace 
agreements without the Che Cafe, they agreed not to 
sign until the CM Cafe and the UCB had worked out the 
problem with the draft. 

According to UCB Director Jim C:uruthers, debt 
ervice i the mortgage paid by tudent organizations 

See CO-OPS, Page 8 



2 NEWS 

EWS 
FROM OTHER CAMPUSES 

Nurses Protest for Increase In 
Mad Center Wages, Benefits 

LOS ANGELES - Nurses from the UCLA Medical 
Center took to the streets of Westwood on Thursday in 
hopes of winning wage and benefit increases. They say 
these increases are necessary if the hospital is to keep its 
nurses from going to other local hospitals which already 
offer better contracts. 

About 200 nurses carrying picket signs and balloons 
'gathered at Westwood Boulevard and Le Conte A venue, 
anda smaller group later marched 10 the office ofRaymond 
Schultze, director of the UCLA Medical Center, to per-
sonally present demands. Schultze, however, was not 
available for comment. 

The nurses are primarily angry about the $28 million 
spent annually for hiring temporary nurses, a sum they say 
causes nurses who work on a permanent basis to eam less 
than temporary nurses. They also claim temporary em-
ployees are allowed to have more flexible schedules than 
regular nurses. 

"You 're better off being a temporary employee than a 
permanent one. which doesn't make sense," said Janice 
Boron. who has been working as a nurse in the emergency 
room at the UCLA Medical Center for 12 years. 

Protestors were also upset by the low and infrequent 
pay increases they receive duringtheircareers. They hope 
to ee more than the five raises they are promised in the 
Dew nurses' contract due in November. 
College Republicans Bolster Image 
With Trash Clean-Up campaign 

SANTA BARBARA-College Republicans at UCSB 
picked up trash alongside the shoulder of a highway near 
the campu last month in an effon to improve the environ-
ment and their own campus image. 

Partially in response to allegations that group members 
are "enemies of the environment" because of their oppo-
sition to Proposition 128 - the so-called "Big Green" 
initiative - the campus organization adopted a two-mile 

Calvin and Hobbes 

DO~1 sIr K£X \" 
TO ME. c:. ... l'llt{ 
I \)00\ WA~T 
TO ~EAA A~~ 

DI5GOST\~~ 
Ct>"'IA.EN~ "'Q:)IJr 

L\)tKH . 

The UCSD Guardian 

stretch of highway to clean once every other week, said 
CollegeRepublicans Special ProjectSDireclOr Eri.kGunderson. 

The group's concern for the environment has led the 
Republicans to be the fIrSt UCSB group to participate in the 
"adopt a highway" program, Gunderson said. The College 
Republicans were "surprised other environmental groups 
hadn't done anything like this yet," be added. 

Cal TraQS, which picks up the filled tnlsh bags, was enthu-
siastic about the cleanup effort. "Anytime a community can 
get involved with a project that beautifies the highway system, 
[itl is great." Cal Trans Spokesinan Mike Mortensen said. 
UC Davis' Student Health Center May 
Start Charging Students for Services 

DAVIS - The UC Davis Student Health Centermay soon 
shut its doors on all administrative holidays and increase fees 
on several items, from X-rays to condoms. 

With the recent budget cuts, the health center will have to 
make up approximately $186,000 a year, Director Bill Waid 
said. 

The savings proposal, recently submitted to the adminis-
tration, calls for closing the health center on all 12 administra-
tive holidays throughout tbe year, as well as increasing exist-
ing fees and creating new ones. 

According to the proposal, clOSing the facility on the 
remaining eight holidays will sa\'e the center $6,000 per year. 
Records show tbat on average two or three patients use the 
health center on holidays. 

The savings plan also proposes to establish a$IO-per-visit 
charge for all specialty clinics and a $15 charge for each 
surgical or dressing paclc. 

The proposal submined to the administration contains 
recommendations that surfaced out of several. possible sav-
ings plans. The committee rejected the options of closing the 
health center on weekends, clOsing all specialty clinics, and 
reducing weekday evening hours. 

Faced with such drastic cutbacks, ASUCD COWlCil mem-
ber Nico Marcolongo said moderate fee increases were the 
best alternative. 

UCLA Students Fly Cross-Country 
In Single Day for 'Cheers' Photo 

LOS ANGELE.<" - Five UCLA students were serious 
about winning a homecoming photo hunt contest last week 
when they traveled to Boston to snap a picture. _ 

One of the items on this year's photo scavenger hunt list 
asked for a picture of the Boston bar made famous by the 
television series "Cheers." No one was supposed to take it 
seriously. 

~\\I>.\ ~D iO\l \)() If 
iOJ COOLO STA~ ~OIo\E 

nil'S ~~IIo\G? 

'lilIA,s 1\\£ \)1Ft£R.£IK.E 
BE1'!Iffio.l '" GAAOEN Sl\lG 
AN\) I>. T't\()· I ~c.lHnNG . 

LWI!-\<j 9cxlG£R? 

by Bill Watterson 

Wednesday, November 7,1990 

But members from Alpha Sigma Phi f(atemity and 
Alpha Chi Omega sorority cashed in their American 
Express flying vouchers and boarded a non-stop flight to 
Boston. 

After crossing 3.000 miles and three time zones, the 
students paused for a briefluncb and a few beers at the bar. 
Theircross-country excursion started at2:30 am. nnd they 
were back in Los Angeles that aftemoon. 

Immediately after touching down at LAX., the group 
of photo hunters headed out on the road to get a. picture of 
a record store in Las Vegas. Their adrenaline-packed 
itinerary kept them awake for 50 hours. 

Organized by the Student Alumni Association, the 
photo hunt took participants on journeys to gel shots of 
more than 50 esoteric locations within a 56-hour period. 
Soviets Plan to Model Annenlan 
University After UC Berkeley 

BERKELEY - A group of Annenian graduate stu-
dents have corne to UCBerke1ey toleam how an American 
university works. 

The seven students, sponsored by the Armenian Gen-
eral Benevolent Union, an Armenian philanthropic orga-
nization, have come to the campus for the next five years 
to train as part of the future faculty of the soon-to-be-built 
American University of Armenia. 

Armen Der'Kiureghian, a UC Berl<el~y professor of 
civil engineering who is heading the cross-cultural effort, 
believes that when it comes to graduate schools,American 
universities are far ahead of those in the Soviet Union 
because of the tremendous flexibility in the school system. 

He said that he believes the best way to provide long-
term help for the reconstruction of Armenia is to update 
technology. 

Many UC Berkeley students take for granted the cam-
pus' easy access to information found in books, comput-
ers, and other sources. But for the seven newly-arrived 
Armenian students, such freedom is one of many novelties 
they hope to bring to their own country. 

Der Kiureghian and UC Berkeley alumnus Mihran 
Agbabian, who was also involved in the investigation and 
study of last year's Annenian earthquake. ubmitted a 
proposal announcing the construction of an American-
style university in Armenia to several major organizations 
in the United States. 

The Armenian government is looking for a suitable 
location for the American University of Armenia Der 
Kuireghian said be believes the UC administration will 
help oversee the operation of the university in Armenia. 

GuXSkl)IAN 
PtIL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, u.n.gIng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, ~ s"on. Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Sporla Editor 
JAMES COLUER, DaIgn EdItor 
GREG DIXON, AsIoc:Int 0ptJ1on Editor 
BILL DOWLER, CtJpy Editor 
MEUNDA HAIIl TON, ~ '*-Editor 
MARY BETIY HEARD, Aaoclale '*-Editor 
LARA HEISLER, MeocMte An. Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, AaodIrte An. Editor 
PETER KO, ~ Spotts Editor 
JENNFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, AaocIale CtJpy Editor 
LENG LOH, AtfaIEntwtaInnr«rt Editor 
MEl MARCELO, AaociIJIe GraphIcs Editor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, AaocIale FeefurBs Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AasocNIfe Phcto Editor 
JUUE PUZON, FeefurBs Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Gnlphlcs Editor 
JASON SNELl ___ Editor 
RlMAS UZGIRI Photo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, AstIoclste Features Editor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, Arls£n/et1JJlnment Editor 

BOB DeANDREA, Bus/ne .. AM"""er 
MtCHAEL FOULKS, Ad"ertlslng AMnager 
MtKE MARTINEZ, Ad"ertls/ng DH/gner 
E. LEIGH HENRY, C~""/ed Repre .. nlet/"e 
AOIoI1IIIng ... _ ... _ KIMa BowIor. SIw!y FNUdonboIgIr. TtfriSdlnr. Doug_ 
-._: Lt ..... -.gio,Or.ioICoivi. _-.,...., v_ 

~:KaiS wq.Joolot 

ThoUCSD_~",*",,*_ ... _""F"""cimo"_"""''''''' ",_~ucso._~ .. _."",,",,_._ ... ~""""~_ 
• __ c ,ggo .• ~_ThoUCSO_Io .... r __ """"'''rI_ 
_,,, on. Tho ............ "go"""" .... _ -. .. _ do .... """"'"' 
' .... - ... "'*"""oIThoUCSO_ . ... ~oI_"IIIt ......... -...11Io 
Gud., ......... lriIIrbi_ c.m. ..... TIIr·...,.""' .. _ 

EdiIoriaI: 534-6580. lusineIl 0IIice: 534-3<166, Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Wednesday, November 7, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

1990 PARTIAL GENERAL ELECTION RESULTS 

SAN DIEGO COUNTY PropoIIlIon 130 (' Forests Forever') PropoeItIon 141 (Toxic DIIcharge) 
3t% of precincts reporting 38% of precincts reporting 

Proposition C (Animal "'-rch) Yes 1,348,622 50% Yes 1,259,21351% 
sn. of pnICIncts reporting No 1,353,521 50% No 1,189,100 49% 
Yes nla69% 
No nla 31% PropoIItIon 131 (Term limits/Ethics) ProposItIOn 142 (V ...... ns Bond) 

71% of pncIncts reporting 38% of PMllIets reporting 
41st CongressIonal DlItrk:t Yes 1,799,155 38% Yes 1,523,001 61% 
74% of precincts r.portlng No 2,889,733 62% No 981 ,754 390/. 
Lowery(R) nla49% 
Kripke(O) nla 44% ProposItIon 132 (GID NIt Prohibition) PropoaItIon 143 (College Bond) 

3ft, of preclnctI nIpOI1Ing 28% of precincts reporting 
44th CongressIonal DlItrict Yes 1,492,054 58% Yes 908,61252% 
Cunningham (R) 46,171 51% No 1,On,438 42% No 836,751 48% 
Bates (0) 45,18949% 

ProposItIon 133 (Antt-Orug Taxes) PropoIIIIon 144 (PrtIon Bond) 

8 
38'!fa of precincts nIpOI1Ing 26% 01 precincts reporting 
Yes sn,105 35% Yes 764,368 43% 

STATEOFCAUFORNIA No 1,662,200 65% No 1,003,333 57% 

GowImor Propotillon 134 (Alcohol Surtax) ProposItIon 145 (HousIng Bond) 
m. of precincts ntpOrtIng 69% of precincts reportIt 19 26% ofprtCillets reporting 
Pete Wilson (R) 2,735,231 48% Yes 1,476,733 31% Yes 878,695 50% 
Dianne Feinstein (D) 2.680,024 47% No 3,212,188 69% No 861 ,584 50% 

• PropoIItIon 124 (HoIpItII DIstrIct.) PropaIItkIn 135(PeItIcIde AIgt"'tlon) PropoaItIon 146 (SchooIBoncI) 
65% 01 precIncII reporting 38'!fa 01 preclncta reporting 26% 01 preclncta reporting 
Yes 1,876,111 46% Yes 758,46930% Yes 959,034 55% 
No 2,196,852 54% No 1,789,203 70% No 800,534 45% 

PropoaIIIon 125(RalITrandfunding) PropoaItIon 136 (213 To V.) PropoaItIon 147 (Correctlonll Bond) 
65% 01 precincts reporting 38'!fa 01 prlC!nctI reporting 26% of precincts reporting 
Yes 1.901,999 46% Yes 1,188.590 46% Yes 696,450 41% 
No 2,192,833 54% No 1,368,527 54% No 995,266 59% 

PropoIItIon 126 (Alcohol To) PIOpOIIIIon 137 (Inltl8tlve AItIndIon) PropoaIIIon 148 IW-IIeIoun:ea) 
65% of precincts reporting 38'!fa 01 precincts reporting 26% of precIncta reportIIl9 
Yes 1.744,005 41% Yes 1,115,208 45% Yes 839,71949% 
No 2,498,485 59% No 1,381,846 55% No 866,799 51% 

ProposItIon 1 TI (Earthqualre Safely) PropoeItIon 138(Forealry Programs) ProposItion 149 (Perk, WIldlife Bond) 
M of preclnc:ts reporting 38% of pnICInc:ts reporting 26% of prICIncta reporting 
Yes . 1,656,832 65% Yes 750,601 29% Yes 916,646 52% 
No 966,810 370/0 No 1,845,598 71% No 833.601 48% 

PropoaIIIon 128 ('Big Green') PiOPatltlon 139 (inmale Labor) ProposItIon 150 (Courlhoule Bond) 
71% 01 precIncII reporting 38"Yo 01 pndilets reportIIl9 26%01 prICIncts raportIng 
Yes 1,766,61937% Yes 1,326,94:i 52% Yes 553,529 32% 
No 3,059,376 63% No 1,227,945 48% No 1,153,391 68% 

PropoIItJon 129 (Drug Enforcement) PrapoaIIion 140 (Term LJmIII) PropoeIIIon 151 (ChIld ear. Bond) 
39"Yo 01 pnICInctI reporting 7O"Yo 01 preclnc:ts repoI1Ing 26% 01 prICIncta NpOi'tIII9 
Yes 783,494 30% Yes 2,419.470 52% Yes 926,17553% 
No 1,842,992 70"10 No 2,213,010 48% No 820,258 47% 

STATE: Voters down 'Big Green', politicians 
Continued from page 1 
sister initiative. Proposition I30,a1so . 
known as "Forests Forever," was 
locked in a tight battle at press time. 

Proposition 128, authored by 
State Assemblyman Tom Hayden 
and fonner Attomey General John 
Van de Kamp, proposed sweeping 
refonns in existing state environ-
mental laws. 

The initiative called for the ban 
of several carcinogenic pesticides, 
the gradual phase-out of 
chloroflourocarbons and carbon 
dioxide reduction, and would have 
banned future off-shore oil explo-
ration. Per-barrel oil fees would be 
used to establish an "oil clean-up 
superfund. " 

The initiative would have set 
standards for air and water qUality, 
would have issued $300 million in 
bonds for the acquisition of 
California's forests, and would have 
established the office of the Env i-
ronmental Advocate. 

The person elected to the position 
would have been responsible for 
enforcing California 's environ-
mental laws. 

OpponentsarguedthatBigGreen 
would have cost taxpayers too much. 
Local government would incur 
cost of up to $10 million annUally. 
Administrative costs to the state 
would have been approx imately $90 
million. 

Prop. 128 was endorsed by the 

Sierra Oub and the National Wild-
life Association. The Greens at 
UCSD also supported the proposi-
tion. 

Proposition 130, "Forests For-
ever," would authorize the state to 
issue $742 million in bonds to ac-
quire forests, including the old-
growth redwoods, and places a 
limited moratorium on logging. The 
initiative also limits timber cutting 
practices, and the burning offorest 
residues on California timberlands. 

Proponents argued that 
California's forests - especially 
theredwoods- are being decimated 
and that nothing has been done to 
replace the lost trees. 

Opponents argued that the 
moratorium would put thousands of 
Californians out of work and would 
cost taxpayers billions to pay the 
interest incurred by the bonds. 

Propositions 135 and 138, two 
industry responses to Propositions 
128 and 130, were also soundly 
defeated by voters. 

One environmental-related 
proposition to win suppon wa 
Proposition 132, an initiative that 
will prohibit gill and trammel nets 
in Southern California coastal wa-
ters , as well as imposing temporary 
fi shing fee . 

Term Limits Enacted 
Propo ition \40, an initiative that 

restrict those holding the offices of 

governor, lieutenant governor, at-
torney general, controller, secretary 
of state, treasurer, superintendent of 
public instruction, board of equal-
ization members. and state senators 
to two tenns of office, was one of 
the few bond measures passed by 
voters. 

The proposition will also require 
legislators to panicipat.e in the fed-
eral Social Security program, and 
limits legislative expenditures. 

A less harsh initiative on tenn 
limits and ethics, Proposition 131, 
was defeated by the state's voters. 

Guardian News Editor Jason 
Snell contributed to the writing of 
the election coverage in this issue. 

2nd Annniversary Special 

Golden Hall 
Hair Design 

for 
Men 
and 

Women 

COMPLETE HAIRCUT 
Reg. $10.50. now only 

549.4514 $8°0 
7 190 M" ."n.lt R<I 

t" 111,"" Ill'HIo.,', It \ ""'" I 

549-0382 

NEWS 3 

SOMETHING FUN IS BREWING IN lA JOLlA 

WEDNESDAY NIGHTS ARE NOW 

UCSD NIGH 
• Lunch ~s~ ~'> 
• Dimer 
• Oyster Bor 
• 21iw student 10 ~.,. ... 

.... 

Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-12 pm • Fri.-Sat. 11 am-2 am 

r--------------------, I TUNE-UP SPECIAL I 
: Regularly $2500 Now $1995 with coupon : 
I inctudes: true wheels, adjust brakes, &e8,., hubs headset and bottom I 

bracket, check" Inflate tires, and lubrication. 
Exp. 12/1/90 

--------------------

University City Cyclery 
3246 Governor Dr. San Diego 

452·8842 
Authorized Sales and Service 
Diamond Back-GT-Miyata-Trek 

IUCSDI N • 

~-----+52 

1·5 1-805 

CULTURAL DIVERSITY IN THE AMERICAN THEATRE: 
MOVING TOWARD THE TWENTY -FIRST CENTURY 

CONFERENCE 

BANQUET 
NOVEMBER 10,1990 8 P.M .. 

THE IDA & CECIL GREEN FACUllY CLUB 
UNIVERSllY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Sponsored by 
The Contemporary Black Arts Program 

In Celebration of ihe Twenlieih Anniversary of Third College 

DONATION: $25 
For Reservations Call: 534-0670 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN, Edi lor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEA • Managing Editor 
JASON SNELL. News Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Editor 

TM UCSD GlltJrdtan is published three nme5 • IAcd: aI the UmvCfSuy or Cahfornla, Sa.n Diego. 
ConlenlS 0 1990. Vle ..... $C)(prc sed herein rcp~sc:m the maJOrlly vOIcot'lhecditonal board. and are nOi 
I"IC'CC'WUlly lhose: of the UC Board of ReGents, lhe ASUCSD. nor the enure GuardkJ" Staff, 

A.S. WATCH: 1990-91 

Edson's Work Laudable 
Every year, when UCSD Associated Student elections are 

approaching, the student body is assailed with campaign 
material andA.S. presidential candidates promising everything 
from parking solutions to student empowerment. Hi tory tells 
u that the e e lected presidents take office. spend weeks 
attempting to get somebody in the administration to so much 
a look at their sweeping campus initiatives, and wait until 
sometime in the spring before realizing that nothing is getting 
accomplished. Then, when all else fails, they re on to pet 
projects. 

A.S. President John Edson promised nothing of the son 
when he ran for office in April. Edson examined the issues, 
presented well-thought out plans of attack, and, for the most 
pan, has followed through. 

Last year, we described Edson as a man with a staggering 
command of detail and the ability to forge compromise. And 
so far, he has been far from disappointing. But it is only 

ovember. 
In the summer, Edson realized the need to salvage UCSD's 

trademark eucalyptus trees, which are dying due to recent 
drought conditions. The proposal called for a plan to sys-
tematically improve the health of the trees, involving the use 
of students as volunteer to help dig irrigation ditches and the 
like. The proposal was given whole-heaned support by the 
Academic Senate, and was approved by the Campus Com-
munity Planning Board on OCI. 19. 

Edson has proven to be more than an amateur political 
hack looking to pad his resume with a job many cynics have 
called a puppet-post of the administration. Edson has the 
dedication and perseverance to set a goal and achieve it. In 
fact, preceding an A.S. meeting last month, Edson's dedica-
tion may have caused a stress-attack and a consequent landing 
in Scripp; Hospital. 

While many claim to ;tand for student rights and student 
interests without taking action, Edson is the opposite. He i not 
intimidated by anyone in the administration, and probably 
understands its inner workings better than many admini tra-
tors. 

More Importantly, Edson is realistic - when he makes a 
proposal, he under tands what is feasible and what can be 
accompli hed. He does not shoot for the moon and come away 
empty-handed, which this campus has seen with A.S. presi-
dents time and time again. 

While Edson cenainly deserves a pat on the back for 
helping preserve UCSD's tree~, some of his pending projects 
also deserve special mention. 

For year, there have been promises made toward gelling 
KSDT an FCC license and a more powerful broadcast trans-
miller - without any action. Currently, KSDT is vastly 
underpowered, heard only in a few donnitories on campus by 
cable. 

A proposal authored by Edson and the KSDT staff la~t 
week seeks toobtain theever-elu!>iveFCC license and an 800-
wall di rect ional broadcast transmitter to be placed on Mt. 
Soledad. If the chancellor and the UC Regents approve the 
plan. KSDT could have its license by late 1991. 

Edson has also been working feverishly on the Mini-Dorm 
issue. which may prohibit some UCSD students from living in 
University City in the future . To help emphasize the students' 
plight to the community, Edson managed to get a UCSD 
polIce officer to accompany him at a University City Planning 
Group (UCPG) meeting a few months back. 

Ofcour;c, this says nothing of Edson 's conliuuing prcssure 
on the TG situation, and his appeal for an extension on the 
PassINo Pass grading option. 

But it is early yet. With 23 and a half weeh left in the 1990 
school year, the questIon linger ' has Edson bitten off more 
than he can chew? 

He certainly has plenty to say, and he'll talk your earoffif 
you give him half an inch. 

Edson may not be the greateM communicator, but he may 
be the be t leader this student body has seen in years. 

The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, November 7, 1990 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

Communities Have Right to Set 
Their Own Standards on Obscenity 
• ~ne speech is not protected by the Constitution 

Before the issues involved 
in the 2 Live Crew incident 
are forever laid to rest, to be 
explored only during one of 
the informative Friday night 
films from the Comminee for 
World Democracy, I have 
some points I would like to 
make. 

When the founders first 
wrote theU.S. Constitution, they were adamant 
about freedom of speech. After all, they placed this 
right first among all the rights. But what did the 
founders really mean when they used the phrase 
"free speech?" 

At the time of the writing of the constitution, 
obscene speech and actions were forbidden by 
cornmon law. This was accepted and not considered 
an infringement of personal freedom. These laws 
were viewed as a way of preserving basic social 
order and morality. 

It is interesting to note some of the writers of the 
First Amendment were also the same men who 
believed in God so strongly that they named Him as 
the creator of man in the Declaration of Indepen-
dence. I find it hard to believe that these same men 
intended the constitution to guarantee an individual 
the unrestricted right to obscenity. 

The founders were not fearful that the right to 
listen to 2 Live Crew brag about their sexual 
endeavors would be curtailed They worried d13t the 
right to criticize the government and petition it for 
grievances would be abridged. 

They had lived under a repressive English 
government which would not tolerate any political 
dissent . To them, free speech was necessary for the 
democratic process to work. People had to know 
who was doing what so they could make an 
informed judgement about how they should cast 
their votes. In fact, for the political system to work, 
one must know all sides of the issues; good and bad 
I don't believe non-political, obscene peech fits in 
to this right. 

The United States Supreme Coun has consis-
tently upheld that obscene speech is not protected 
under the First Amendment. It is incorrect to call 
this censorship. To cia sify an action as censorship, 
prior restraiDl must be imposed. BasicalJy this is the 
curbing of ideas before they are expressed. It is 

obvious that this was not the case in the instance of 
2 Live Crew; they were arrested after a show. This 
distinction must be kept in mind when one says the 
goverrunent is censoring an individual or a group 
of individuals. 

TIle purpose of these Supreme Court decisions 
was to make an individual accountable for 
expressions after the act was commined and this 
has been broadened to include such crimes as libel. 
slander, incitement to crime, contempt of court, 
and seditious utterance. 

A problem lies in the definition of obscene 
speech. There is no doubt in my mind that the 2 
Live Crew perfonnance is an example of obscene 
speech. TIley were lucky enough to convince 10 
out of the 12 jurors otherwise. The majority of the 
people of Broward County are elderly and very 
conservative people. These people were the ones 
who elected the officials thal passed the tough, 
anti-obscenily laws to which 2 Live Crew feU 
prey. and if these people were sitting on the jury. 
we would have seen a different verdict. 

I don't believe most people would consider it 
too outrageous foT a community to decide they 
don't want the Pussy Cat Theater to be between 
the kindergarten and their Post Office. One has to 
admit, places such as these are eyesores to a 
peaceful community. It can hardly be considered a 
breach of the First Amendment for a town to try to 
preserve some sense of morality within its district. 

We must remember that the constitution is 
more than the BiU of Rights or even the First 
Amendment. It is a document that guarantees a 
democracy. II gives the people the right to decide 
how and where they want to live. 

The First Amendment cannot, and was not, 
intended to allow any person who wants to pander 
obscene material to come into lown and open 
shop. This is a gross abuse of the constitution. 
People have children and lives which revolve 
around the community. One person or even a 
group of people cannot come into this almost 
sacred environment and demoralize the commu-
nity, all under the protection of the First Amend-
ment. rn the end, one mUSt remember that for the 
community of Broward, 2 Live Crew is just one 
step away from the nightly act performed at the 
Pussy Cat Theater. 
- Zachary BermIn', column will appear etch Wednetdey. 

Wednesday, November 7, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

COMMENTARY 

Flag Burning Is Tolerable 
By Greg Dixon 
Associate Opinion Editor 

A buming flag brings with it 
the images of everything that is 
anti-American. It encapsules all 
the hatred of America felt by our 
enemies across the globe with one 
act. 

Should we allow this act to 
take place within our own 
borders? Can we let our own 
citizens strike out against all that 
this nation stands for? Against our 
national symbol? 

The answer is yes. As much as 
I find the burning of the American 
flag repugnant and criminal, it is 
an act which is legal under our 
Constitution. The First Amend-
ment grants freedom of expres-
sion, and burning the flag is 
political expression. 

While I personally feel that 
anyone who burns the American 
flag has no business being in this 
country, I wiIJ acknowledge that 

to deny them the right to do so is 
against the principles the flag 
represents. I would rather put up 
with what I feel is a sad commen-
tary on the state of American 
society, than to abandon what I 
feel is the key to the greatness to 
our nation: the tolerance of 
diversity. 

This country was founded on 
the principle that all men may 
speak, act, and express themselves 
as they see fit as long as it causes 
no hann to others. Burning the 
flag may piss me off, but it does 
not hann me. 

To deny someone the right to 
bum the flag is a greater evil than 
to alJow it. 

When one person, or group of 
persons says to another, "You 
may not do that, as it offends me," 
there is no room for toleration. 

If every group in this nation 
were allowed to limit or prohibit 
the expression of political and 

IFC Disappointment 
Editor: 

As members of the student body 
of UCSD, we are extremely disap-
pointed with the actions of the Inter-
Fraternity Council regarding the 
proposed affiliation of the Beta Theta 
Pi Colony with the IFe. 

According to the proposed ex-
pansion policy for Winter Quarter, 
1991, "three prospective fratemities 
would be able to make presentations 
to the President's Council no later 
than the immediate Fall Quarter. 
The president's council shall slate 
the fraternities as numbers Ol,e, two, 
and three. 

"At that time, the number-one 
slated fraternity will be invited for 
expansion for the next winter quar-
terofthe same academic year."Beta 
Theta Pi was theonly fraternity given. 
a slot for presentation, therefore, it 
should have been ranked number 
one, and thus invited for expansion 
in Winter Quarter, 1991. 

However, according to the 
Guardian article on Oct. 26, 1990, 
"[The) decision means that this 
particular colony will never be ad-
mitted because of the new expan-
sionpolicy adopted at [the) meeting." 

We were just wondering if the 
IFC adopted this "new and im-
proved" expansion policy before or 
after deciding not to admit Beta 
Theta Pi. 

Next, the IFC claimed that it was 
not the fraternity itself, but the way 
they went about getting on campus. 

Yet, the Guardian article on Oct. 
15,1990 states, "Although the IFC 
has no official jurisdiction over Beta 
Theta Pi, the fratemity has complied 
with all the IFC requests." 

So why it it that Beta Theta Pi 
was not allowed into the IFC at 
UCSD? 

IFC President Craig Peters of-
fered us several iII-supponed, pos-
sible explanations. 

First, Peters claimed that the 
Betas at UCSD went about obtain-
ing IFC affiliation in. the wrong or-
der. Isn't it true, though,thatthe IFC 
only decided on the "order" that 
evening? 

This is extremely unfair in that 
the Betas have been a nationally-

backed student organization for 
nearly two years. IFC could have 
saved these members two years of 
struggling had they given even a 
hint that Beta did not come on 
campus in the order that IFC would 
have liked. Instead, IFC simply ig-
nore the Beta's de~ires and repeat-
edly put them off. 

Next, Peters asserts that IFC's 
refusal of Beta's admittance was 
not a "personal vengeance." But 
then, goes on to imply that if the 
Beta Nationals came to UCSD and 
hand-picked a new founding father 
class, IFC would be willing to ne-
gotiate, provided that they do not 
pick anyone from theexistinggroup. 

Again, he contradicts himself in 
saying, "these guys are a stable 
group." If they are a stable group, 
why then should Beta Nationals 
hand-pick a possibly less stable 
group? 

Peters feels that the idea that 
some fratemities feel threatened by 
the acceptance of Beta was "ludi-
crous." However, Peters goes on to 
say that anotherreason forthe refusal 
into IFe was that the "fraternities 
[already existing on campus) need 
to establish a firm ground first, be-
fore it takes on other groups," thus 
implying that some fratemi ties could 
quite possibly fee l threatened by 
Beta. 

Peters complicates his own ar-
gument further in stating in one 
sentence thatlFC rush numbers are 
"okay," and then quickly added that 
they are "booming." Peters' long 
list of contradictions leaves us still 
wondering the real reason that Beta 
Theta Pi was tumed down. 

As members of the Greek Sys-
tem at UCSD, it is embarrassing to 
call ourselves part of a system that 
has treated such a strong national 
fraternity so rudely, unfairly, and 
discriminatingly. 

We hope that the Beta Theta Pi 
National Fraternity understands that 
Craig Peters ' opinion is not repre-
entative of the UCSD Greek Sys-

tem. 
E.A. Donio 
J.L. Hatton 

moral views contrary to its own, 
this country would cease to be 
worth living in. 

While I do not foUow the 
slippery slope of equating 
banning flag burning with 
totalitarian oppression, I do feel 
that it sets a dangerous precedent 
in matters of political expression. 

A key in any truly democratic 
society is the ability of its 
members to express their political 
views, no matter what those 
views may be. In this nation we 
allow the Klu Klux Klan to have a 
public-access cable television 
show, and the Communist Party 
to promote its views as it chooses 
(barring only violent revolution). 
In a nation of such diverse 
political views, to limit one means 
of expression because a small (but 
vocal) minority object to it, is an 
ulter betrayal of the system and 
the philosophy that the flag 
represents. 

'Answering 
Machine' is a 
Waste of Space 
Editor: 

I realize this letter may sound 
inferior to those complaints waged 
against foreign policy, censorship, 
orcivii rights. but I have something 
to say and I know of many others 
who agree with me. Am 1 the onJy 
individual at UCSD who does not 
understand "The Answering Ma-
chine?" And what is Mr. Yama-
guchi 's infatuation with caterpil-
lars? I have seen some half-wilted 
space-fillers in my day, but this 
senseless attempt at humor takes 
the cake. 

Don Yackey 

Are We 
Maggot 
Pig-DogS? 
What Do 
You Think? 

The UCSD Guardian 
wekomes your leiters and 
commentaries. Drop your 
IetIer at the Guardian offices 
(on the second floor of the 
old Student Cenler, above 
the General Store) or moil it 
to: 

Opinion Editor 
Guardian 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-

0316 
leiters should be typed, 

double-spaced, and should 
include a signature and a 
phone number. Unsigned 
leiters will not be printed. 
We reserve the right 10 edit 
for length and clarity. 

OPINION 5 

_ ..... tatltng yogurl_1n1he GoIdInIlanC1le' 
- MeI,opolton rrogazile. J\Jne 19'10 Yogurt!",te ,est 

•••••••••••••••••••• 

12 for 1 E&;ii-~ IIJ 1 
· - . • La Jolla Colony 7770 Regents Rd .. #108 (In the Vons Shopping Cenler) II om-IO pm Sun..1huts.: • 
• One coupon pe< cyslomer. Expires 11/12/90 11 on>l1 pm fri. a Sal . • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Call lor details· 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap -Only $48 

Not a terrporary water loss • Reduce oeMts and stretch marks 

WE HAVE 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455-0909 

EXCELLENT 

El<pores 11/3OllO 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

D'AGNESSA INSURANCE AGENCY 
7841 Balboa Avenue , See . 215 

San Diego , CA 92111 

YEARS 
AHEAD 

IiAIRCUTS 
by" 
Wa ••• $17 (reg. $25) 
.... $14 (reg. $19) 
UCU...cw.s I'~"" & HtIircNl $SO 
eN Hitillitlu & HtJirClll 

THANKSGIVING AND CHRISTMAS 
SPACE AVAILABLE 

MAZATLAN: FROM $26822-
3 nights including airfare & lax 

PuERTO VALLARTA: FROM $32122-
from Dec. 15. 3 nights including airfare & tax 

·Faces subjctc IOchanle , Cenam n:suictUts apply, 

LOCATED SOUTH OF lriE LA JOLLA MARRIOTT IN lriE 
'~~~,.~~LA JOLLA COLONY VONS CENTER, BEHtND THE ~ SAN DIEGO TRUST & SAVINGS BUILDING 

453-2506 



6 OPINION 

Our Opinion. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Make yourself into a 
sheep, and you'll meet a 
wolf nearby. 

Russian Proverb 

Reality is a delusion 
created by an alcohol 
deficiency. 

Quotables 
For one man who thanks 
God that he is notas other 
men there are a few 
thousand to offer thanks 
that they are as other men 
sufficiently as others to 
escape attention. 

John Dewey 
Three Times A Week. Anonymous 

n 
I ! I 
1 ! I 

<I 

Positive ideals are 
becoming a curse, for 
they can seldom be 
achieved without some-
one being killed or 
maimed or interned. 

E.M. Forster 

The object of art is to 
give life shape. 

Jean Attouilh 

Who dares, wins. 
Motto of the S.A.S. 

There is no sweeter sound 
than the crumbling of 
one's fellow man. 

Groucho Marx 

~everforgetthatthemost 
powerful force on earth is 
love. 

Nelson Rockefeller 

When you start 
your career, there's 

nothing like initial success. 

- - - - -
- - -
-
- - -
- ---
- - - - - -

- - - - - -
- -

- -- ® 

Exciting opportunities exist at mM! 
IBM is recruiting 1990/1991 graduates and co-op 
candidates for openings in Programming, 
Engineering, Technical Writing and Technical 
Sales (BS/MS). 

Meet with ffiM Managers 
at Our Career Information Day 

Monday, November 12 
Price Center 
Ballroom-A 
lOam-5pm 

There is no formal presentation, so feel free to stop 
by anytime during the event. Please bring 4 copies of 
your data sheet/resume and transcript, if available. 
Dress is casual. 

All c4ual .. pportunny eonployer 

Wednesday, November 7,1990 

Trying to talk to the 
govemmentislike trying 
to hold a coversation 
with the Talking Clock. 

Alan Fisher 

Caged birds accept each 
other, but flight is what 
they long for. 

Tennessee Williams 

Compromise is never 
anything but an ignoble 
truce between the duty 
of a man and the terror 
of the crowd. 

Reginald Kau.ffman 

Lawyers, I suppose, 
were children once. 

E. Y. Harburg 

STUDENT & YOUTH 
AIRFARES 
THE STUDENT 

TICKET 
IIOUMITNP 

LONDON FROM $430 
PARIS FROM $660 
COSTA RICA FROM $370 
CARACAS FROM $370 
MEXICO CITY FROM $250 
BANGKOK FROM $989 
TOKYO FROM 5575 
NYClBOSlD.C. FROM S298 
CHICAGOIDAllAS FROM $238 

MULTI·STOP 
lAX-TA/tITl-COOIIISlAIIIS-
AUCKLANO-SYDNEY-SURFAtE-
CAlAHS-HDIIOlUW-lAX IIwn $1325 
lAX-BAli-HONG KDNG- TOIYO-lAX 

""" $1099 
• LOW COST ONE WAYS 
• FLY INTO ONE CITY & RETURN 

FROM ANOTHER 
• EURAIL PASSES 11.0 . CARDS 
• CALL OR WRITE FOR FREE 

INFORMATION 

1'619,286'1322 
1447 El WOIIIOUI.£VANl 

SAIl DIEGO. CA 12115 

~~,I.fl, ST/j 
tJ STA TRAVEL 

Wednesday, November 7, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Hubble No Trouble for UCSD Scientists 
• Team uses spectrograph on Space Telescope to explore 
composition of distant quasars, bolster NASA's image 
By Jason Snell 
News Editor 

A team of UCSD scientists is 
using NASA's orbiting Hubble 
Space Telescope to make discover-
ies about distant stellar objects, pro-
viding some much-needed good 
news forthe troubled space agency. 

Three scientists from UCSD's 
Center for Astrophysics and Space 
Sciences used the Hubble's Faint 
Object Spectrograph, designed at 
UCSD, to view the chemical 
composilion of a quasar bil-

we were dancing around and slap-
ping each other on the back, we got 
our first data set. It was really ex-
citing." 

In addition to Burbidge, the team 
consisted of Project Manager and 
UCSD ASlrophysicist William 
Baity, UCSD Physicist Vesa 
Junkkarinen, and scienti ts from the 
Space Telescope Science Institute, 
Goddard Space Right Center, and 
Johns Hopkins University. 

The experiment is the first scien-
tific observation made with a spec-
trograph on Ihe telescope. 

''The purpose of this particular 
observation was to find a quasar 
[moving rapidly away from Earth] 
so we could... fmd information 
about the abundance of helium in 
quasars," Burbidge said. 

lions of light-years away 
from Eanh. Quasars are 
enigmatic objects that pro-
duce enormous amounts of 
energy, seemingly too bright 
to be produced from such 
small objects. This specific 
quasar, UM675, was targeted 
in order to gain information 

Studies of nearby galaxies indi-
cate that helium is the second most 
abundant element in the universe, 

but that abundance cannot 
be explained by the thermo-
nuclear process in stars that 

" It felt absolutely wonderful ... 
while we were dancing around 
and slapping each other on the 
back, we got our first data set. It 
was really exciting." 

produced helium. 
Some scientists theorize 

that the universe 's helium 
was created during the big 
bang, Burbidge said. If that 
were true, distant objects like 
quasars would indicate an 
abundance of helium. 

about the chemical compo-
sition ofthe early universe. 

The team used the Space Tele-
scopefrom2a.m. to 10 a.m. Sunday 
from the Goddard Space Flight 
Center in Maryland in order to make 
their observations. 

"It felt absolutely wonderfuL . . 
just to [discover that the telescope 
was aligned on the quasarl," as-
tronomer and team member E. Mar-
garet Burbidge said. ''The high-
resolution spectrograph on the tele-
scope hadeight short tests, and seven 
of those had failed [to align]. While 

- E. Margaret Burbidge, 
UCSD astronomer The Space Telescope was 

The team will be working franti-
cally over the next weeks, compil-
ing data from their observations and 
writing a short paper that will be 
published in the Astrophysical 
Journal. 

"We need to be published very 
fast, so NASA gets credit for doing 
somethingpositive,"Burbidgesaid. 
"In addition, there are people who 
are waiting to work with the Space 
Telescope who will get some idea 
how it performs from our work." 

o 

necessary forthe experiment 
because the Earth 's ozone layer 
would absorb the electromagnetic 
wavelengths that would indicate the 
existence of hydrogen to ground-
based spectrographs. 

The problems that have plagued 
the Hubble 's main mirrors have af-
fected UCSD's efforts in space as 
well. According 10 Burbidge, the 
fault in the telescope's mirrors that 
has caused pictures from the Hubble 
tocomebackblurry will also reduce 

See QUASAR, Page 8 

o 

NEWS 7 

Parents of Slain UCSD 
Student Give Donation 
By DavId Ferris 
Guardian Reporter 

The parents of Janene 
Weinhold,a UCSD student mur-
dered earlier this year, have do-
nated $1 ,000 to a children's park 
close to the apartment where she 
was slain. 

Raymond and Jean Weinhold 
flew from their home in Scott-
sdale. Arizona, to San Diego last 
week to present the donation at 
the South Clairemont Parks and 
Recreation Center. 

"She loved children and it is 
in herneighborhood," Raymond 
Weinhold said. "It 's very appro-
priate. That park is about three 
blocks from where Janene lived. 
It's an integral part of the com-
munity." 

Janene,a21 year-old Warren 
College senior, was killed in her 
apartment on Feb. 16. She was 
stabbed more than 30 times, 
making her the second victim in 
a eries of five killings in the 
Clairemont and University City 
areas. 

The donation will be used to 
purchase an airplane on a pring 
and an animal on a spring forrhe 
children's play box , according to 
Pete Jungers, district manager 
for the San Diego Parks and 
Recreation Department. 

A plaque 10 be placed near 
the playground equipment will 
read "Dedicated to the children 
of Clairemont in the memory of 
Janene Marie Weinhold, Octo-
ber 1990." 

San Diego County Coroner 
Misidentifies Fire Victim 
By Jason Snell 
News Editor 

Officials from the San Diego 
County Coroner's Office misiden-
tified a woman killed in an Ocr. 27 
fire, UCSD officials reponed. 

The woman, 23-year-old Chris-
tine Ann Ekroos, was identified as a 
UCSD student by Deputy Coroner 
George Dickason in the Ocr. 29 

issue of the Guardian. 
According to a memo written by 

UCSD Special Services Coordina-
tor Nicholas S. Aguilar, Ekroos was 
not an enrolled student al UCSD. 

Aguilar said that UCSD Police 
Detective Douglas O'Dell had 
identified Ekroos as a former stu-
dent at San Diego State University, 
notatUCSD. 

• bindery • FAX service 

HOT 
NEW 
UCSD 
• T-SHIRTS 

• SWEATS 

• TANKS 

~ITY' OF 'CALIFOINIA 

Hurry, all sales end 11/11/90 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE . 88&5 VILLA LA JO LLA DR. # 401 . 535-0365 

• resumes 
• announcements 

• reports 
• desktop publishing 
• 1 -4 color printing 
• photo copies 

Hours: 

1tJ'!6 /}1:rCOfJ.l(t 
(Students/Faculty) 

Mon - Fri 8:30 - 6:00 
Sat 11:00 - 3:00 

7170 Regents Rood Suite 111 (619) 546 - 7885 FAX (619) S46 - 7892 



8 NEWS 

COUNTY 
Continued from page 1 
and Loan. Dixon is currently on trial 
in Dallas for fmud. 

Lowery's Press Secretary Tina 
Kreisher denied the allegations, 
claiming that Kripkehas no proof to 
substantiate the charges. 

Kripke suggested thai Lowery's 
failure to attract a large percentage 
of the vote howed how voters were 
disenchanted with Lowery and the 
Republican Party. 

"If you combine my vote with 
the Peace & Freedom vote, whichis 
clearly a protest vote, you see a vote 
for environment, a vote for pro-
choice," Kripke said last night as 
election results were being tallied. 
"People clearly want a change. 
Hopefully, they ' ll still get it." 

When asked ifhe would consider 
running against Lowery for a fourth 
time if this election does end in 
defeat, Lowery found it inappropri-
ale to comment. 

"That's not something to be de-
cided tonight," Lowery said. 

Prop. C Passes 
Proposition C, the San Diego 

County ballot measure asking vot-
ers if they approve of the use of 

Cosmetic & Family 
DENTISTRY 
T a e he bite out 

of your dental concerns 

274-BITE 
274-2483 

:Ham-rl ~r. Sdtiin, 'D.:"I.(.'f). 
CHAMPUS & most 
Insurance accepted 
Alter work / Alter class 

and Saturday appointments 

4453 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
(corner of Genesee) 

FREE 

GRE PREP 
WORKSHOPS 

Nov. 17, 1990 
Dec. 1 , 1990 
*Diagnostic test 

* Indi vidual profiles 
*Test-taking strategies 

OASIS Rudin, and Study 
SkUls Center X47344 

Call for Information, You 
must reCl_tar In advance. 

The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, November 7, 1990 

poundanimal for medical research, 1l10seagainstPropo itionCtried Incumbent Bates Ousted CO-OPS was approved by a sound majority. to fmd bright pots in defeat. The trend again t incumbent in 
The measure was of particular "Clearly, one-third of the voters office across the country took its toll Continued from page 1 

interest to UCSD because of the came out in upport of our cause," in the 44th Congre ional District occupying space in either of the 
largevolumeofpoundaninlal used aid Jane Cartmill of San Diego race in San Diego County. student centers. 
for medical re earch here. In fact, Animal Advocate . "The question DemocraticincumbentTml Bates TheCheCafe'sspaceagreement 
UCSD is the only institution in San was never about animal research. was defeated by Republican chal- required revisions because they are 
Diego County that buys pound The question was the source of lenger Randy "Duke" Cunningham, considered to be a special case. 
animals for medical research. animals used for research." who kicked off his candidacy at The restaurant is not housed 

Proponents of the measure ar- Because the proposition was oniy UCSD earlier this year. within either of the student centers 
gued that "no animalli ves wou Id be an advisory measure, the outcome Bates' candidacy was al 0 hurt and therefore does not have to pay 
saved if the release of pound animals will only serve as an indicator of by allegations that he sexually debt service. Instead, the Che Cafe 
was prohibited." public opinion when the San Diego propositioned workers in his is required to pay some of its utility 

Rather, supponers argued, if the County Board of Supervisors for- Washington office. The combina- costs. The Che Cafe also has differ-
use of pound aninlals is discontin- mally decides whether or not to tion of those allegations and anti- entmaintainance requirements than 
ued, commercially produced ani- continue the sale of pound animals incumbent sentiment was enough to the other co-ops, and those needed 
mals would have to be sought and to medical research facilities. put Cunningham in office. to be specified. 
used, doubling the coslto taxpayers While the space agreement itself 
and po sibly limiting the progress QUASAR built the telescope. has been deliberaled for over two of vital research. "'They never tested the pri- years, three recent drafts stand out: 

Supporters of the measure in- Continued from page 7 mary and secondary mirrors," one proposed on Feb. 12, another 
c1uded Jonas Salk, Roger ReveUe, the spectrograph's reception she said. 'That's one of the very proposed on June 4, and the final 
and ChanceUor Richard Atkinson. qUality. first things you do when building draft. 

Opponents claimed that the is- "We wanted to explore some aground-based telescope ... II's There were many revisions made 
sue was nOI about research, but unidentified x-ray sources in quile simple, but they didn't do to the agreements during the last 
pound seizure. According to the San globular clusters near the milky those simple things." eight months, including the change 
Diego Humane Society and the way galaxy," she said. "But that UCSD has been responsible offocus from an agreement between 
group "SlOp Taking Our Pets," the requires quality inlaging in a forthe Faint Object Spectrograph the university and the co-ops to one 
use of pound animals for research is dense star field. We're going to since it was selected to build the between the UCB and the co-ops, 
inhumane. They say research labs have areal difficulty doing that device in 1977, Burbidge said. the removal of a clause that 3ll0wed 
have more scientifically viable a1- now." The group's next use of the the co-ops to own their own locks, 
temative than pound animals, and Burbidge was di satisfied spectrograph will come some- the reduction of the length of the 
that lab conditions at UCSD are with the job done by those who time in December. lease,andchanges in the CheCafe's 
horrible for the aninlals. fees. 

Send a messal~e 
to someone you ove 
stationed in the Gulf 

For free. 
Desert FaxSM service can help you reach 
U.S. Military Personnel in the Gulf.* 

A quick note. A illy doodle. A clipping from the local newspaper. 
They may not eem like much, but to omeone far away from homp., they 
can mean a lot. And now theres a fast, easy way to send these heartfelt 
messages to a loved one stationed in the Gulf. For free, 

Its called Desert Fax. It tores messages electronically and transmits 
them at high speed using Enhanced FAX service, which is available 
internationally. So you can fax a mes age to any U. . military personnel 
overseas" involved in Operation De err hield. 

Just go to your nearest AT&T Phone Center to pick up an official 
Desert Fax form, Put your personal message in the space providedt Fill in 
the necessary information including social ecurity number and 
APO/ FPO. An employee will fax it for you. And the person in the Gulf 
should receive your message within a few days. 

Desert Fax messages can only be sent from the u.s. to the Gulf using 
the official forms available at all AT&T phone Centers. To find out where 
the one nearest to you is located, and its hours, consult your white pages. 
Or callI 800 555-8111, Ext. 36, Mon-Fri 8am-6pm, Sat 8am-4pm. 

Because staying connected is something thats important to all of us. 
Desert Fax is a public service brought to you by ATilT. 
This pace is donated by this publication. 

'Thi§scrvl~ will remain ,n dr~ I unlil modified orwilhdrawn by AT&T 
. 'Al,ive DUlyand Re.crvislS t Blu or black balipoiOl pen recommended 

W edn esd ay, November 7, 1990 

In ",.,., trip, Ihere are spaces for 
self hnprcMment: Jenny Craig 

- Weight loss Centre, Maxi's Boutique, 
Bookstar; you ((II awn do a &tile filJet.ohole 
searching at La Jolla Seas Restaurant, Need a 

The UCSD Guardian 

gift fom the Far East? Sprouls for your vegetarian 
dim.? Become one with \he Costa Verde Center_ 
0Iher stores: McDonald's. Hot wr1. Cole 
• Ales • Sushi Bar Kazuni • La Salsa 
• DiMaHia's· Subway • Soup Whange 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free cOr/sllltalion and illitlallreatme1ll15 min. S20 value. First-lime c/lems ollly)" 

Eyebrows 

\Jppef Up 
Clin 

Underarms 
B<east 

SIOmaCIl 

Bikini u~ 
Fingers 

legs 
Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American Medical Association 
approved mt:thods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysiS 
for men and women 

• Female staff, state lie. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
LaJoIl4 VUlage Pro;{esstortal Center Bebind Elepbant Bar 
8950 V{{1a !a Jolla Dr. Sle.2121 'Expires t 2/7/90 

9 

If You're In An Accident ... 
Call the Law Offices of Irwin/Dibos. 
When we handle your bodily injury claims and 
litigation, we will provide a luxury or sports car 

at no cost while your car is being repaired. 
~Nissan 300ZX ~Porsche 944 Convertible 

~BMW 325i Convertible *Mercedes 190E 
(619) 

236-8420 



Arts & Entertainment 
10 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, November 7, 1990 

'Jacob's Ladder' Reaches New Heights 
By Julie Sherman 
Staff Writer 

There i a trend in film these 
day (surpri e, surprise). Our fa-
vorite directors, like David Lynch, 
CliveBarker,andnow Adrian Lyne 
are taking mental field trips. gang. 
and you're invited. Today we will 
explore the burning question 
haunting us all : "What is reali ty?" 

To us. reality is a midterm on 
the day after Halloween, or having 
to write a ten -page paper about the 
moral pros and cons of canned 
fruit. Adrian Lyne, however, shows 

us his version ofthc tcrrifying line 
between reality and illusion in his 
newe t film "Jacob's Ladder" 
(wriuen by Bruce Joel Rubin of 
"Ghost" fame). 

"It' about a man who wakes up 
one morning and think that he 's 
going mad," Lyne says. 

Tim Robbins ("Bull Durham," 
"Cadillac Man," and " Mis Fire-
cracker") plays Vietnam veteran 
Jacob Singer, who seems to be 
losing his grasp on what is truth. 
His routine late-night subway ride 
becomes a hallucinatory circus. 

Singer, who appears 
to have Post-Trau-
matic Stress Disor-
der after being in 
Vietnam, suddenly 
becomes a prisoner 
of his own mind. 

"This movie is 
aboutJacob 'sescape 
from his personal 
heart of darkness and 
the effort to tran-
scend this terrifying 
experience , " 
Robbins says. 

Immediately af-
ter his subway ride, 
Singer goes to visit 
the psychiatri t who 
had been treating 
him for years. Jacob's girlfriend cools his life-threatening fever down with an ice bath. 

Jacob tries to explain his terrible visions to a friend. 

'Reckless' Playing on 
Campus This Weekend 
• UCSD's Theater Department opens the 
season by exploring the randomness of life 
By Michael Schwartz 
Senior Staff Writer 

"Reckless," a play by Craig 
Lucas, opens the UCSD Theater 
Depanment 's season, running to-
night through Sunday, in the War-
ren Theater. 

It is Chrisunas, and Rachel is 
having another one of her "eupho-
ria attacks." Her husband is com-

fortably tucked into bed. All is 
well, at least until her husband 
starts crying and bluns out, "I took 
out a contract on your life! " Rachel 
is forced to flee outthe window, in 
her slippers, and begins the jour-
ney that comprises the action of 
the play. 

She is taken in by a man and his 
crippled , deaf girlfriend. Looking 

Strange... the hos-
pital has no record of Singer or his 
doctor. 

He then turns to his friend and 
chi ropractor Louis, played by 
Danny Aiello ("Do the R ight 
Thing" and "Moonstruck"). Louis 
is somewhat of an angelic figure 
who tries to comfon Singer's rest-
less spirit caused by the looming 
delusions. 

Elizabeth Pena ("Down and Out 
In Beverly Hills" and "La Bamba") 
plays Gezebel ("Jezzie" for shon), 
Singer's self-serving girlfriendl 
lover. 

Gezebel takes Singer to a party 
in order to get his mind off his 
troubles. At the party, Singer gets 
his palm read. No life line. Uh-oh. 
Now we're really confused. 

While it is impossible to go any 
funher into the plot without giving 

at an atlas, she wishes she could 
start her life over right there in 
Springfield, the "field of spring." 
Rachel does adopt the spirit of 
spring, begins a personal rebirth, 
and blooms into a completely dif-
ferent person than she was before. 

" Rachel is an unbalanced 
chemical, constantly permeating 
to reach homeostasis ," said 
Karenjune Sanchez, the actress 
playing Rachel. "At the beginning, 
she 's a little kid who wants to be 
taken care of. At the end, she's a 
grown woman who knows there 's 
nobody there to do it. The play's 
about realizing that things just 
happen. In this world, if you're 

Karenjune Sanchez and Josh Seebers star in the UCSD Theater's production of "Reckless .• 

it away ,nagging questions remain. 
Are these people real? Is Jacob 
Singer real? Why is this happening 
to him? 

True to Lyne's exceptional cin-
ematic skills ("9 1/2 Weeks" and 
"Fatal Attraction"), the visuals in 
most of the film are incredible. 
Lyne 's graphic depictions of 
Singer's hallucinations -like the 
faceless man whose head whirs 
and vibrates chaotically - left the 
audience thoroughly horrified. Are 
these images figments of hi s 
imagination, or menacing realities 
created by some greater evil? 

Perhaps the most intense scene 
was of Singer being wheeled into 
what appears to be an operating 
room. But this was no ordinary 
hospital. Filmed from Singer's 
point of view, we see chillingly-

good today, it doesn' t mean that 
you ' ll be rewarded tomorrow. 
There's no rhyme or reason in the 
world. You have to make it as 
comfonable and as happy as you 

, ,The play is about 
realizing that things 
just happen. In this 
world, if you are good 
today, itdoes not mean 
that you will be re-
warded tomorrow." 

- KlirenJun. sanchez, 
actr ••• 

can along the way." 
The set is a field of blue sky 

complete with white, puffy clouds. 
Against this surreal backing, the 
show uses a minimum of furniture, 
but a number of Plexiglass panels 
establi sh the environments. "The 
set moves across space and cuts 
things apart," graduate director 
Lisa Pones said . 

Complete with a game show 
hoston roller skates, "Reckless" is 
often amusing. However, within 
all of the comedy is a en e of 
tragedy and pathos. The work poses 
difficult questions about identity. 
As Rachel change her narne and 
begins:l different \tfe, she encoun-
ters many other peopJe living false 
lives for a variety of rea ons. 

Nobody is who he or she claims 
to be. Doe a person have Lo lie to 

deformed humans, needles longer 
than an arm, heads with screws 
twisted into them ... you name it. 

"Jacob' s Ladder" is one of those 
movies that people argue about 
when it 's over. The ending of the 
film is so unexpected, you find 
yourself wanting to analyze it, dis-
cuss it, and possibly see it again. 

Lyne himself says, "It works on 
one level as a very frightening psy-
chological thriller. But then it has 
a kind of sting in the tail - an 
ending that really tums the movie 
upside down . All of a sudden 
you' ve got to rethink everything 
that you've seen." 

We go on a trip (both mentally 
and physically) that merges hell , 
sanity, reality, and nightmare into 
one thrilling film. This film is one 
ride that won ' t let you offso easily. 

achieve what he wants in life? 
Lucas tackles this question and 
many others through Rachel' s 
journey in a world that knows that 
"Santa" can be rearranged to spell 
"Satan." 

" It 's about, on one hand, the 
absolute instability of identity in 
American culture and the twenti-
eth century ," Portes said. 
"Everyone's running away from 
.;omething they were before. The 
play talks a lot about the impossi-
bility of a core identity of self. 

"I think that Lucas talks about 
the constant bombardment of me-
dia into this world," Pones con-
tinued. "I also think it 's about the 
tenuous yet tenacious determina-
tion of the human to make honest 
contact with other beings in a world 
that doesn 't allow them to do so. 

"In the end," Pones concluded, 
" what gets us through is our con-
tact with other people in a world 
that actively opposes our human-
ity. It 's our persistent and naive 
belief in that humanity." 

For the same price as a movie, 
UCSD Theater offers live enter-
tai nment that can ' t be beat. 

Life can be reckless to people, 
but don ' t allow it to force you to 
mi s this production. 

Where: Warren Theater 
When: Wed-Fri 8 p.m., Sat 2 
p.m. and 8 p.m., and Sun 7 p.m. 
Tickets: $6 students, $12 gen-
eral admission ; available at the 
UCSD Box Office and at the 
door. Call 534·4559 for tickets 
and information. 

Wednesday, November 7,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

!h~G",indigo girls 

Amy Ray, although feeling ·speechless,· 
brimmed over with her passion for life. 

Autographed 
• Poster. 
Giveaway 

If you'd like to own an 
autographed poster of 
the Indigo Girls, come 
up to the Guardian 
offices (upstairs, Old 
Student Center). 
Submit your name 
and phone number on 
a piece of paper In the 
envelope labeled 
"Indigo Girls" In the 
front office. The Indigo Girls carried the audience through a spectrum of cathartic emotions on Sunday night at Symphony Hall. 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 11 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holiday Ct. (_xt to DomiJtO's Pizza) • 452-9949 
M·F 8 :30·6 pm· 1 • "" 
Sat 1 ·4 p m W,th UCSO 10 

INTRODUCES UCSD 
"CAMPUS CUTS & STYLES" 

by LORENE 
WOMEN 
MEN 
Hilites & Perms 
(including Haircut) 

$18 
$13 

3251 HOUDAY COURT, SUITE 201 LA JOLLA 453.9477 
Above St. Germain's Uquor & Deli . Call for appointment 

I_I YOllRfoM1%SPECIAlJSf, 
ALSO SERVING YOUR PC NEEDS. k.!2:4~~eJ\ 

While Some Stores Attempt To 
Take The Shirt orr Your Back __ 

We Will Give You A New One! 
Watch a Demonstration, Get a Cool Tee ShirLFREE 

Fantastic Graptucs, Excellent Color CapabiOties, 
Powerful Software, Incredible Video, 

Outra&eous Animations . . • 
~ 

THE COMPlJTER FOR THE CREATIVE MIND. ~ (619) DI - 0902 The Lively Computer 471 Broadway E1Cnjon Open Monday Thru Friday 10 -' 8, Saturday 10 - 6, And Sunday 1 - 5 
ACHIEVE YOUR BEST 

IN 
ACTU ARIAL SCIENCE 

JOIN US FOR OUR VIDEO 
PRESENTA nON AND REFRESHMENTS 

Tuesday, November 13,1990 
4:00~:OO p.m. 
Price Center 

San Francisco/ Santa Crw Room 
Get off to a great start in a rapidly growing profession with one of the leaders in the 
financial services industry - Traruamerica life Dxnpanies. 
We offer our actuaries numerous opportunities to move throughout the company. 
Our intensive training includes [wo programs that wiU leach you to develop, price, 
market and report the financial results ofa variHy of produCts in a profit-motivated 
environment: 

F uti· Time - Requires a strong math background and the successful completion of 
a minimum of [Wo or more actuarial examinations. 
Summer - Designed to give students, usually coUege sophomores or juniors, an 
overview of the insurance industry through hands-on work aperience. Requires 
the successful completion of a minimum of one actuarial examination. 
At Transamerica Life Companies, you'll find all the growth, opportUnities and 
challenges you n~ to achieve your professional Ixst. In return for your expertise, 
we provide a competitive salary and an individually-custornized benefits package. 

TRANSAMERICA 
Life Companies 

WORKING TOOETHER IS THE BEST I'OU Y 
W. 'i!I!f I.<ly support equal Opportwuty and affirmative aroon. 

Women anJ man""" .. "" <rongly encounged t"apply. 
''11. has . moke-frtt .. " ,krlac . ... 



12 CLASSIFJEDS The UCSD Guardian 

'ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza Is still UCSD's finest original 
pizzeria. Tear out the BJ's coupon and 
get your taste buds to BJ's. For UCSD's 
serious pizza eaters I (9/24-11/30) CLASSIFIEDS 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy . Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near St. Germains. 
452-9949. (9/24-11130) 
Writing Help. I've discovered/created 
unique, Fun - yes, fun ! approaches for 
serious projects. Begin 481 -1 81 O. (10/3-
11/30) 

Scholarships/grants for college are 
available. Millions go unclaimed yearly. 
Call 1-800-334-3881 . (1 0/8-1 1/1 4) 

Classified advt;,-tising is sold in i5-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore , ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, 3 p .m. Monday for Wednesday's issue , and 3 p .m. Wednesday for Friday's issue. 
The Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to 
companionship ads. For more information call 534-5416. Mailing address:UCSD 
Guardian , 0316, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: 

Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only handles 
these 2 aulos and nobody does it better 
for UCSD. Bring your ID and you get 
20% 011 most servicesl Call 450-9494. 
(1 0/26-11 /30) 

Studem Center A, top floor . 

Destinations Unknown presents 
Rosarito Beach FALL FIESTA. No-
vember 16-1 8, 2 nightsl2 days, trans-
portation , accommodations, free parties, 
optional lobster dinner, only $75. See 
table in Price Center of CALL 793-0492. 
(1 0/26-11/9) 

When seconds count, breathe a little 
easier with MICRO-MED, the microfilm 
medical I.D. Card that could possible 
save your lifel MICRO-MED is an asset 
to everyone's life young/old, ilVwell. Call 
Gabrielle (619) 546-8014. (10/29-11 /9) 

QUESTIONS ABOUT CULTS, EXIT 
COUNSELING - contact the CuI! 
Awareness Network, 2421 W. Pratt Blvd., 
Ste. 1173, Chicago, IL 60645, or call 
(312)267-7777 Message sponsored by 
the Umted Campus Ministry UCSD. (101 
31-11/9) 

UJS SHABBAT Dinner, service, and 
program. November9, 7 p.m. Mandeville 
Suite. More Info? Call 534-6244. (11/2-
1119) 

RISC presents the ATIITUDE AD-
JUSTMENTPARTY at the Old Pub! live 
band, refreshments I Nov. 17,9 p.m. (111 
2-1117) 

Breweries in La Jolla? Get real! Hard to 
believe, bul Wednesdays are now UCSD 
night. $1 Pilsners all night long II! Check 
out what's breWing in La Jolla. 7536 Fay 
Ave. (11/2-11/1 4) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSD! 
Jewish, Campus Centers provides 
warmth, education, prayer, socializing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Students! 
502 Matthews; east of the Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521 . (11/2-111 
7) 

Warren College Safety Awareness 
Week, November 5-8 at the commons. 
Free door prizes! (11/5-11 17) 

Dena Gamma is having a warm clothes 
drive for the homeless. Please bring any 
unwanted clothing or blankets to M.O.M., 
Mt. View Lounge, Revelle Lounge, orthe 
Price Center Lounge th is Monday (11/5) 
through Friday (1119) . Your contribu -
tions are greatly needed and appreci-
ated. Thank you I (1 1/2-11 (l) 

Are you COLOR BLIND? Earn $5lhour 
participating in color vision experiments, 
even if you have participated in these 
studies before. Call Ethan Montag 534-
2999, Psych. Dept. for Info. (1 0/26-11/9) 

FUN RUNIWALKSAT. NOV. 10th.Raise 
funds for Diana Chadwell in her struggle 
against cancer. Register in person day 
of event ($12 studentslseniors;$15 gen-
eral) beginning 6:30 a.m. Start of race : 
stop sign just beyond bridge at Gilman 
entrance to campus. Times: walk : 7:30 
a.m., run: 8:00 a.m. More info: P .E. Dept. 
534-7847. (11/5-11/9) 

Water Ski Club meeting Wed., 11{l, 
6:30, U.C. Berkeley room. Additude Ad-
justment party: 11117. (11{l) 

ACE YOUR FINALS! Cognitive Neuro-
science reveals techniques to improve 
your memory. Send $5 to 
"vanHamersveld et-al" 3950 MahailaAve 
T24 San Diego, CA 92122 for thesis 
transcript and study course. (1117) 

JOIN US TO SING THOSE FAVORITE 
CAMPFIRE SONGS! Sponsored by 
United Campus Ministry every Sunday 
evening from 6 to 7 p.m. Meets in the 
Campus Police Station Training Room. 
Information call 534-2521. (1117-11 /16) 

Hey! Show your stuff at RISC Broomball l 
Nov. 10th, 10:15 - 11 :45 p.m. at UTC Ice 
Rink. Members only. (1117-11/9) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Stu-
dent discounts. 558-4644/226-1962. (91 
24-1 /14) 

MODEL 
AUDITIONS 
Nouveau Model Talent Management 
will be on campus on Wednesday, ovember 7th 11 am-2 pm 
in the Multi-Purpose Room in the Career lnfonnation Center. 

NEW FACES NEEDED FOR THE SEASON FOR 
• Print Advertising • Fashion Shows 
• Commercial Work · Promotional Work 

1'o()I-'HAl' Women must be 5'4" to 5'U" 
Men must be 5'11" to 6'3" 

--~ • Bring a recent pbotograpb 
• No experience necessary . NO FEE 

CALL 453-2127 FOR FURTHER INFO 

WRITING Help from UC-Grad Tutor/ 
Writer/Researcher. All projects welcome. 
Productive, Intensel Start Early. 481 -
1810. (10/3-11/30) 

Papers typed! Quick and allordable. 
From $2!pg. Call W Colony Resumes & 
Professional Typing. 455-8357. Laser 
printing ! 60 typestyles to choose froml 
One day service available. (10/5-11/30) 

TYPING-PROOFREADING-EDIT-
ING Term Papers, MAs, Ph.D.s, Legal, 
and Medical. RUSH JOBS. Call MARIE 
- 931 -9596. (1 0/5-11130) 

Bartender school - Day/Night Course 
250.00-Refresher Course Oct. 20 and 
Nov 10, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. 45.00 1-800-
227-0030BADD-REACTS(10/19-11 /16) 

TYPING: TERM PAPERS, ETC. RUSH 
JOBS AT NO EXTRA CHARGE. 453-
0656. (10/3-11/30) 

PINWHEELS - a full service salon near 
campus - Costa Verde Center. Facials, 
waxing , lash tints and more. Call 
Parvaneh, 558-1858. (1 0/26-11/30) 

Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only handles 
these 2 autos and nobody does it better 
for UCSD. Bring your ID and you get 
20% 011 most services! Call 450-9494. 
(1 0/26-11130) 

Word Processing. Quality work at rea-
sonable prices. Resumes, reports, etc. 
Laser printer. Call Diane 755-1724. (10/ 
29-11/30) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Word Pro-
cessing, Reports, Speeches, Disserta-
tions, Manuscripts, Presentations. Ex-
perienced . Laser Printer. Student Rates! 
753-5964 . (10/29-11/30) 

Just in time tor the holidays! Custom 
color and B&W protrails, photo calen-
darslcards, and much more. Also 1 hr. 
film dev., passport photos, and slide 
dev. All your photo finishing needs In 
one convenient location. Spectrum 
Photo. 549-2941 (1117-11/26) 

I 

INSURANCE - LOW INSURANCE 
RATES FOR UCSD STUDENTS FOR 
AUTO AND MOTORCYCLE. CALL Jes-
sica, 800-457-1234, 9-5 (1112-11{l) 

Airline prices up again - buy now for 
best holiday travel fare. Free ticket deliv-
ery, 450-0812. (1117-11/28) 

Word Processing- everything from tenn 
papers to resumes . 24-hour service 
available 7 days a week, 450-0812. (111 
7-11/30) 

Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Association 
Social , Thursday, 4:30-5:30 Revelle 
Formal Lounge. (1117) 

STUDENT COMES CLEAN and saves 
a bundle! Large load washers and huge 
dryers cost less! SPEEDY Coin Wash-
Corner of Grand and Lamont in P .B. 
Open 24 hours. Try usl (11 (l) 

IMPROVE YOUR GRADES with a 
PROFESSIONALLY TYPED term pa-
per or thesis. Foreign languages avail-
able . NEAR SCHOOL, REASONABLE 
PRICES. Call Barbara at 453-0592 or 
291-9008. (1117) 

WANTED 
Happy with your present salary? I need 
people who want to make more ASAP 
(61 9) 758-4602. (10110-11130) 

Domino's Pizza al UCSD is now hir ing 
for Customer Service Representatives. 
Must be at least 16 years old, energetic 
and efficient with an outgoing personality. 
Will be responsible for greeting custom-
ers, taking pizza orders and other store 
operations. Eligible applicants should 
apply atthe UCSD store, located at 3211 
Holiday Court after 3:30 p.m. (10/19-11 / 
30) 

ATIENTION. EARN EXTRA$$$II! Ex-
tra cash for the holidays. Host a home 
party introducing the Secret of Youth 
product line. CALL (619) 431-6569, 24 
hour recorded message. (1117-11/9) 

Wednesday, Nov mber 7, 1990 

ATIENDANT WANTED by young, pro-
fessional, disabled woman. Beginning 
November (1 sV2nd wk.). TTH 6 a.m. -
noon ; Sat. 7:30 a.m. - 3:30 p.m. Reli -
able, eHicient, own car. Personal care 
(no exp OK), shopping, housework, driv-
ing $7/hr PAM 298-1745.(1117-1119) 

Neuro Care; LST poSition, retrain people 
wnh Traumatic Brain Injury. Work with a 
state-of-the-art Neurobehavioral Rehab. 
Team. Excellent experience to compli-
ment education . Call (619) 789-4600. 
(10/26-11 /12) 

Earn $500-$15oo/wk part-time stuHing 
envelopes in your home. For free infor-
mation, send a long, sell-addressed, 
stamped envelope to : P.O. Box 4645, 
Dept. p127, Albuquerque NM 87196. 
(1 0/31 -11/9) 

Babysitter wanted for 11 month old. One 
(any) aftemoonlwk. Walking distance 
from campus 455-6774. (10131 -11/12) 

DRUMMER NEEDED - by guitarist, 
bassist. Have practice place. Call John 
F. 273-21450rJohn T. 452-6403. (11/2-
1119) 

MALE MODELS. Totally legitimate part-
time or full-time work. Print, ramp, televi -
sion, magazines. No experience neces-
sary. Not portfolio nor modeling school 
schemel Top fees and fun! Send contact 
information and photos(s) (amateur OK) 
for free interview without obligation : 
InterPhoto, Box 2893, La Jolla, CA 
92038. (11 /2-11 /12) 

Addressers wanted Immediately I No 
experience necessary. Excellent pay I 
Work at home. Call toll-free: 1-800-395-
3283 . (11 /2-1/11) 

RECEPTIONIST/SECRETARY. Real 
Estate Development Company has an 
opening for a bright, enthusiastic, self-
starter to work as a receptionisVsecre-
tary in a congenial, friendly, nonsmoking 
office. Must be able to type 50 wpm. 
Send current resume including salary 
requirements to : The Midtown Niki 
Group, Attn . S. Donovan, 5080 
Shoreham Place, #100, San Diego, CA 
92122. Or call: (619) 546-0033. (11 /2-
1117) 

PAID INTERNSHIPS! (Positions lim-
ited) Applicationsllnterviews being taken 
now for the best summer business In -
ternsh ip and training you can find. Earn 
$6-12,000+ while managing your own 
branch of University Painting Profes-
sionals during summer 1991 . Call 1-
800-KALL-UPP today. (11/5-11/9) 

Excellent part time Jobsl Looking for am-
bitious students to work on an on-cam-
pus marketing project for major compa-
nies. Must be personable and outgoing. 
Excellent earnings I Jean ine or Amy (800) 
592-2121 . (11{l) 

Communication Students: Summer In-
terns needed at International Radio/ 
Television. Housing, roundtrip airfare, 
stipend provided I! I 534-4689. (11{l) 

So You're 
Planning To 

Get Married . 
Contact Marilyn 
Hansen of Wedding 
Associates for 
reliable resources 
and referrals 

. , . at no cost 
to you! 

528-2208 
3111 Camino del Rio N . 

Suite 400 
Mission Valley 

Wednesday, November 7,1990 

Wanted 100 People. Lose 10-29 Ibs in 
30 days all natural . Nationally Televised 
1-800-347-7584. (1117-11112) 

Research Subjecls. STRESSED OUT? 
Free research studies are available to 
people sullering from anxiety . Symp-
toms include feeling nervous, tense, irri-
table, stomach problems, insomnia, 
muscle aches, and dilliculty concentrat-
ing. Suitable volunteers receive free 
medications, lab tests, physicals and 
psychiatric evaluations. 18 or older, 
please call Mon thru Fri, 10 a.m. - 4 p.m. 
FREE STUDIES ALSO AVAILABLE 
FOR DEPRESSION. FEIGHNER RE-
SEARCH INSTITUTE 554-0100. (11{l) 

FOR SALE 
Del Mar - why rent? $112,900 condo. 
2BRl2 BA, pool, spa, beach 1 mile. Chris, 
931 -6977. (10/12-11/14) 

6' futon and 4-posltion frame. $1 00. Close 
to campus. 587-0709. (1 0/26-11/30) 

FULL SIZE BED. No headboard. $135. 
Child's DESK and chair $35. Call 581 -
9156. (10131-11/16) 

Drums, Ludwig, 6-piece with 3 ZiidJian 
cymbals $500 or lIest oller. Call Dennis 
at 574-0728. (11/2-1 1/12) 

Plane ticket RT San Diego to San Jose 
11/20-1122 $100 Becky 456-0864. (10/ 
31 -11{l) 

1988 Kawasaki Ninja Ex 500. Only 3,000 
miles, perfect condition. Mustsell$2,400. 
271-0668, David. (11/2-11/12) 

'77 Toyota Celica - runs well. $800 obo. 
Call 558-8614. (11/2-11 /12) 

IBM XT (true) with inboard 286, 640k, 
2FD, CGA with amber monitor, Word 
Perfect 5.1, AutoCad 10.0, MS Fortran, 
Norton Util. , FrameWork III, more on 33 
MB HD. $750/obo. Marc 587-2176. (11 / 
2-1117) 

ONE ONE-WAYTICKEYTO NEWARK, 
NEW JERSEY (NEW YORK). Departing 
on Nov. 22 from L.A. at 8:30 a.m. and 
arriving at 4 :25 p.m. Only $350 (Regular: 
$650+) . Contact SanJeev at (619) 259-
9086. (11/2-11/12) 

GUITAR FOR SAlE: 1987 Fender Squire 
Stratocaster, Fender Revertb 25 Ampli -
fier, case, leads, tuner, DOD di~tortion 
box, strap, and stand, all for $450. Great 
for beginner. (11/2-11/12) 

85 VW GTI 5 spd AlC 96K Sunroof, 
Silver with Recarointerior, tinted, Zender 
wing . Immaculate, no rust. Very strong 
pocket rocket. Completely tuned and 
ready $3500. JUNGLE MOTORS 481-
2519 or 755-6217. (11{l-11 /9) 

HALFPRICESPEAKERSIUnboxedwith 
warranty. 125 watt pro quality LINEAR 
PHASE 881 0 digital ready. Retail $1 000 
up, take $500/0.b.o. 792-0586. (11 /2-
1117) 

DISCOUNT AIR FARES RESERVE 
HOLIDAY TRAVEL NOW. USA, EOPE. 
FREE BONUS MILES. 481 -1264. (10/ 
26-11 /30) 
1985Jeep CJ-7 - Red , black soft top , 6 
cyl , 49,000 mi., only $7,700, Annabelle 
270-7040. (11/5-11/16) 
81 Datsun 280ZX, black, tan velour inte-
rior, auto, AlC, PIS, PIW, cruise, 114K 
freeway miles, well maintained, superb 
mechanical condition, new performance 
tires, very sharp, $2350, 481 -2519, 755-
6217, Jungle Motors. (1117-11/9) 
AIRLINE TICKET: one way to Seattle, 5 
p.m., Nov. 19, male. $150 o.b.o. 459-
2887. (11{l) 
Aleda full wet suit $65.00, ONeill booties 
(size 9) $15.00, men 's black ski pants 
(32 REG) $40.00, and IBM Compatible 
286 Computer with 40 MB hard drive 
$625.00. ED 792-9135. (1117-11 /12) 
WHY PAY RENT WHEN YOU CAN 
OWNI Huge 4BR 2BA town home close 
to UCSD. Cathedral ceilings, 300 sq.ft. 
loft, fireplace , pool. ONLY $147,500. 
OPEN HOUSE Sunday 11 /11 1 :30 - 5 
p.m. 530-0466. (1117-11 /16) 

HOUSING 
Del Mar Cottage (furnished w/utilities.) 
Exchange for child care . Flexible hours. 
Day and evenings. 259-8741. (11/2-111 
7) 

ROOMMATE WANTED FOR WINTER 
QUARTER I Jan. 4- March 231991 ,own 
room in beautiful Del Mar house. Fe-
male, smoker preferred. Rent $3751 
month. Call Sydney for more info. at 
259-0148. (1117) 

Penasqu itos $1050, 4 bedrooms, 2.5 
baths, house 2-car garage. Available in 
Nov. Leave message: 695-8253. (11/5-
11112) 

Own room available Dec. 1 or Jan 1. 
University City condo, $350. Female, 
nonsmoker please. 546-1868. (1117-11 1 
12) 
MALE ROOMMATE WANTED: own 
room, tennis cts, jacuzzi, pool, w1. room, 
ample parking, 3 minutes to UCSD, 
$418.50 + 1/2 util, only $75 deposit. 
From 12115-6130. 452-2664 (1In-ll/30) 

Female Roommate Wanted. La Jolla 
Colony, near UCSD. Share 2 BA12 BA 
apt. $450/month + 1/2 utilities. Call at 
558-6623. Available Now. (1117) 

La Jolla Colony male or female wanted 
to sharetwnhouse, two miles from UCSD, 
non-smoker, no pets, washer, dryer, 
$340 or $420. Call 546-7685 or 454-
5544 or 546-0460. (1117) 

LOST & FOUND 
LOST - key case with much sentimen-
tal value. Brown border on tapestry, two 
keys . Call 587-1676. (1117) 

IN CELEBRATION OF THE TWENTIETH 
ANNIVERSARY OF THIRD COLLEGE 

presents 

PERFORMANCES FOUR 
four Solo Performances by 

... MARGA GOMEZ, Actress, San Francisco, CA 
•• .JAMES A. LUNA, Actor & Visual Artist, Son Marcos,CA 

•.• ANNA DEAVERE SMITH, Acrtess, los Angeles, CA 
••• LANE NISHIKAWA, Actor, San Francisco, CA 

NOVEMBER 9 ,1990 8 p.m. 
MANDEVlUE CENTER AUDITORIUM 

Admission: 
General Admission $10 • Students $6 

'OCKETS A'VJ"J.J.AU AT UCSD lOX OFftCf,_ CALL 534·6<167 

Presented in conneclion with the 
Cultural Dil>enity In The American Theatre Conference 

November 8· 11 ,1990 
FOR INFOIMATION, CAll S34-0670 

The UCSD Guardian 

Lost: Diamond pendant with gold and 
diamond jacket enhancer. Lost on Mon-
day, Nov. 5, between the hours of 12-1 
p.m. Sentimental value. Reward. Call 
792-9521. (1117-11/9) 

I lost my keys between HL Library park-
ing lot and GH Undergroundl Attached 
leather strap and red pocket knife. Please 
help poor student and return to UCSD 
Police ASAPII (1117-11/9) 

$100 REWARD I Lost, red UCSD 
backback with all homework inside. 
Please contact Nghia. 558-6168. (11 17-
11/9) 

LOSTl l 1/2 weeks ago, Revelle Plaza, 
mood ring, (changes color) . Silver set-
ting, sentimental value, 551 -8751, Anna. 
(11{l-11/9) 

PERSONALS 
Beautiful outdoor dining overlooking 
Torrey Pines golf course ! Tasty, nutri-
tious cuisine, all you can eat salad 
bar ... Choices554-FOOD. (20%discount 
w/UCSO 10). (9/24-11/30) 

DRUMMER NEEDED - by guitarist, 
bassist. Have practice place. Call John 
F, 273-2145 or John T, 452-6403. 

Are you fit? Get into shape for the holi-
days at Being-Fit. No initiation fee. Only 
4 miles from campus. Don't delay - call 
today! 483-9294. (11{l-11/19) 

THE BEST CHICKEN 

Fast rOClKl 
You Can 

Feel Good About 
4150 Regenl> POI k Row La Jolla 

4509094 
Nexl 10 Ben & Jerry' 

Destinations Unknown presents 
Rosarito Beach FALL FESTIVAL. 
November 16-18, 2 nights/2days, trans-
portation, accommodations, free parties, 
optional lobster dinner, only $75. See 
table in Price Center or CALL 793-0492. 
(1 0/26-11/9) 

Don't be a TURKEYI Spend Thanks-
giving in UTAH with RISC! Call 534-
4482 10 am-2 pm for infol (11 /5-11{l) 

The SUN GOD is going on the Ali-Cal, 
are you? Get your ticket NOWI 534-
4482. (11 /5-1 117) 

Help Sigma Kappa lick Alzheimers by 
buying lollipops in the Price Center on 
Nov. 7111 (1 1{l) 

PI PHIS - Tues. nite movie was a blast. 
Love, The Sisters of SigmaK. (11 (l) 

DARKROOM TECHNICIAN, CRAFTS 
CENTER. Position open. Ron Carlson 
looking for someone. Call asap. (11{l-
11 /12) 

Katrina, I met you althe Jane's Addiction 
show. Call me 270-9135. Gary. (11{l-
1119) 

Idnko'S· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Garnet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

You Don't 
Have to be 

An 
Einstein 

To Understand 
the Benefits of 
an Internship 

The network of contacts 
the typical Internship 

student makes before 
graduation may not stretch 
across the universe, but 
It does reach far enough 
to help many students 

get a good first job. 

FOR DETAILS 
CONTACT: 

Academic Internship 
Program 
2nd floor 

Literature Building 
Room 3255 
534-4355 

April 13 Could Be The Most 
Important Day of Your Career 

Why April 13? Because that's when you can take the 
Fundamentals of Engineering exam and become 
quali fied as an engi~eer-i n- training . . . the first step in 

becoming a Professional Engineer. 

If you're an enginee ring student consider th is. P .E . 
registration allows more career flex ibility and 
choice . Professional Engineers aren't locked out 

of a career path ; jobs are theirs for the choosing 
in government, industry , constnuct ion and pri-

vate practice . Many employers require 
registrati on for advancement to senior 
engineering positions. 

I! w ill never be easier 10 lake Ihe exam than 
now. while courses are still fresh in your 
mind. The test Wi ll be administered on 

Apri l 13 al sites selected by the Board 
of Registration for Professional Engi -

neers and Land Surveyors. The cut-
olf date for exam applications IS 
January It . For more information, 
call the stale board at (916) 
920-7466. 

Clip and return the coupon below for 
a free brochure on how to become a 
P.E.: 

~-------------------I I Please send me the Iree brochure. -WIlY Become aPE? I 
The NCFES Guode 10 Reglstratlon -

I I 
I Name 
I Couege 
I I Address 
I City Stale Z,p COde 
I Relurn 10. The NallOnal Council 01 Examiners 
I lor Engmecflng and SurveYing 
I Execullve Director I 

L!.9!~ ~~-~I~~n~ ~ ~~~~6 _____ ..J 



14 SPORTS 

w. V-BALL 
Continued from page 16 
tilles this year. 

They made appearances in the 
finals of three other tournaments, 
including the Washington Univer-
sity National Invitational , where 
they fell to the defending national 
champions and nationally top-
ranked ho ts. 

"Making the finals of all the 
tournaments was one of our goals, 
and we accomplished it," Dannevik 
said. 

That streak probably will not 
end this weekend - and the Tritons 
won't be content with just taking 
the floor in Saturday's finale. 

UCSD will be going after its 
sixth national title, although this 
was not a goal the Tritons set at the 
beginning of the year. 

"This is the first year we have 
not set [winning nationals) as our 
tearn goal," Dannevik explained. 
"We didn't know how realistic that 
would be. 

"The veterans warned me that 
setting that goal might nO! be a 
good idea, because with so many 
new players, the pressure about the 
history of the program might be 
too much.'· 

The UCSD Guardian 

1990 NCAA DIVISION III WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL BRACKET 

WASHINGTON (3-21 

...0'1. ' 
CALVINC2 ... , 

AlLEGHENY (29·1', 

NOY to 
OHto NORTl-IERN (36-4 

MIT (22-1' ) 

NOV. ' 

KAlAMAZOO (2H) 

JUNIATA C3Q.I) 

...... 

CORTlAND ST. C32·8, 

MARV WASHINGTON (29-6) 

RIT C38-1, 

BROCKPORT C33-') 
NO ... 

STONYBROOK C36·1) 

Thus far, this team, which fea-
tures five freshmen among its first 
10 players - including both set-
ters and a starting middle blocker 
- has followed almost exactly in 
its predecessors' foots teps. 

Even the veterans have joined 
in, as juniors Vikki Van Duyne, 
Elizabeth Tan, and Dana Simone 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Regulations: 

'SENDT><E EHTRYOI<AN81/2·· B.Il"·SHEETOF 
PAPEIt A1.ONG WrTH YOUR NAME, YEAR IN SCHOOL. 
HOMETOWN, CllU.E(jE YOU ATTEND AT UCSD. MAJOR, 
AND PHONE NUMB .. TO SPORTS EDITOR, UCSD 
GUARDIAN. 9500 Gu..w< DRIVE 0316. l.A JOLlA. 
CA 92093'()316. You CAN ALSO DROP rrOFl'INTHE 

_ ..... 

NDV. 11 

fIHAI. 
NOV.'" 

--
HOY. 1' 

were voted to theAll-Region team, 
and are eligible for All-American 
honors. 

But how will the freshmen react 
in their first postseason appear-
ance? 

"I don't think we'll freak out," 
freshman middle blocker Heather 
Holtzclaw said. 

SPOOTS EDITOR'S OOX AT THE GUAJU>IAI< OfFICE, 
LOCATED "'THE STllOENfCENn:R. ACROSS FROMnQ! 
OYM. 

-ALL UCSD snJOENTS, STMFt AA'D FArutTY 
ARE EUCiIBLE TO ENTER, EXCfPTFOR. GUARDlAN STAfF 
MEMllEII.S AND EMP\.OYEES OF BJ ' S Clu<:Aoo 1'IzmuA. 

·ThE PERSON WHO co ...... UP WITH THE MOST 
CORRECT .4.NSWERS, AS DETERMINED BY ntE JUOOES, 
WQ.L BE DfCLARED 11i£ GRAND PRIZE WINNER AND 
Wn.J.. BE RE£'OONtzED WHEN ntE QUIZ IS pJUNTEO THE 
POUOWlNO WEEX.lN nm £VEHr OF A TIE., A DRAWIN(} 
.... '1lL 8E HELD TO DETEJtMINE mE W(NN£R. THliSE 
C-,ORRECT Efl,TRJE$ NOT SELECTED AS 1ltB OJlAND PIUZB 
WlNNElt WD.l. 8E OONSIDEJtED RUNNEllS-UP. 

-ONLY ONE EImIY PER PERSON PER QUIZ. No 
MASS .. PROOUCID Erorn.JES WILL BE ACCEPTED. ENnIE.s 
MUST BE ATn-1E GUAIWIAN' IY l'K)()N TuEsDAY. 

• THE GRAND PR.I1E WINNER WIU. RECEIVE Ii FJtE.E 
DINNER FOR. TWO AT Bl 's CHICAGO PIZZERIA. 
R UNNERS-IJP WILL RECEIVE A l-ltEE PITCHER OF 
MJow..oB DRAFT BEER. OIl SODA, AT BJ's, LOCATED 
IN LA JOlLA V/LLAo.SQu ...... A USTOf' AU. WINNERS 

Fed ... 00er 55 Cafifomia students managed their own businesses last summer 
Fed ... Their average earnings for the summer of 1990 were $10,700 
Fed .. . They continued to prove a decaje.bng trock rerord in business 
Fed ... These students all managed with Student Painters and ganed v~ 
management expertise 
Fed ... Most territories 'hi. 00 filled by the end of NoverrtJer 
Management b1rlng now taking place for the summer of 1991 

ST. BENEDICT c .... , 

NO ... 
SIMPSON C17·9, 

ILL. BENEDICTINE (28-1, 
NO't. 1I 

WISCONSIN.QSHI(OSH (4' .4, 
CARrnAGE 134--10) 

-.. 

ST. THOMAS C21.5) 

UC SAN DIEGO (33-1) 

NOY.' 
GREENSBORO C3HI, 

COlORAOO(12·" ) 

NOV. " 
LA VERNE ('foil) 

CSUS8 (" -23, 

NOY.' 

Dana Chaiken/Guardian 
"We've been in enough situa-

tions that we'll stay calm." 
Dannevik predicted almost the 

opposite of passivity. 
"We'll be so amped that we 

should beat Colorado in three 
games." 

That is assuming that Colorado 
(12- 11) ousts Greensboro (31-9) 

WILL BE POSTED AT 81 's EACH Wf£K AND WINNERS 
NEED TO SHOw foamFlCATION TO CLAIM PIUZES. 

This week's questions: 
1. What college did Jerry Rice 
attend? 
2. Who is the head coach of the 
Denver Nuggets? 
3. What is the nickname for 
Oklahoma State? 
4. True or false: Washington is 
the number one team in the nation 
in college football. 
S. Who is the new head coach of 
the Cleveland Browns? 
6. Who was the youngest male to 
win a tennis Grand Slam event? 
7. Who won two consecutive 
PGA tournaments in 1990? 
8. What soccer great plans to run 
for president of Brazil in 1992? 
9. True or false: Dartny Ainge 
plays for: the Sacramento Kings. 
10. What is the UCSD women's 
volleyball tearn's record? 
Last week's questions and answers: 
1. True or false: Pat Riley is the 
coach of the L.A. Lakers. False 
2. Name the mascot for the 

Wednesday, November 7, 1990 

in Thur day's first -round action. 
UCSD downed Colorado in three 
games two weeks ago in the Oc-
cidental Inv itational. 

Host Pomona-Pitzer (23-3) 
plays the winner of the La Veme-
CSU San Bernardino match, which 
Dannevik thinks La Verne should 
win. 

DannevikexpectsLa Veme(19-
11) to upset the hosts , even though 
the Leopards have already fallen 
to Pomona three times this year. 

UCSD has not lost to any of the 
teams in the regional this season, 
as its only Division HI loss thus far 
was to Washington, which the 
Tritons would not meet again until 
the championship game. 

UCSD is suffering from a few 
minor injuries heading into 
regionals with the usual slew of 
sore joints and sprained ankles. 

Dannevik said, however, that 
adrenaline will take over, and 
UCSD will still be able to unleash 
some new plays the Tritons didn't 
display in the regular season. 

" If we don ' t perform well, we 
can get beat. We're not that much 
stronger," Dannevik said. 

"If we serve tough, we intimi-
date teams. If we bonehead serve, 
we're in trouble." 

University of San Francisco. Dons 
3. In what round did Evander 
Holyfield knock out Buster 
Douglas? Thjrd 
4. Who is the starting quarterback 
for the New Orleans Saints? Steve 
Walsh 
S. What are the roman numerals 
of this year's Super Bowl? XXV 
6. What was the nickname of the 
Pittsburgh Steelers ' defense the 
1970's? Steel Curtain 
7. Who is the first free agent in 
the NBA? Tom Chambers 
8. True or false: Jennifer Capriati 
has never won a professional tennis 
tournament. False 
9. Name the last baseball pitcher 
to win 30 games. Denny McLain 
10. Who was the UCSD women's 
soccer team's first opponent in the 
NCAA regionals? Macalester 
Last week's winner: 
Paul Bemn, Fifth, junior 
IGBO Studies - Los Angeles, CA 
Runners-up: 
Henry Shin, Josef Kevin Holme 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

8000171 any 
ICJlCBBAM 
'1'BB"" 
ueo ps, "'l'uk Pow 
NT ...... 
( ..... ,' n , '. 
a-oa. loa JaIIa" rdaI*) 

~ Doo.Dbor 18. 1 DCIO ",lob IohlO ooupon 

eFree Pregrwncy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

ePregnancy Tennination 
eGeneral or Local Anesthesia 
eLow Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conaption) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
eStudent Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

Qffl1 f.iliIIiJ 0 choice 

... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

Wednesday, November 7, 1990 

EXTRAS 
ContInued from page 16 

As small consolation, the extra-
mural teams do have their own 
athletic trainer,as well as access to 
the athletic training facilities and 
staff. 

There are currently 10 extra-
mural sports at UCSD, including 
men 's and women's lacrosse, 
men's rugby, cycling, uItimatedisc, 
sailing, snow skiing, and surfing. 

Men's ice hockey, and men' s 
and women's water skiing are the 
newest additions to the program 
- and are dealing with even worse 
financial problems than the other 
teams. 

No money was allocated to them 
by the program because their sta-
tus was in limbo at the beginning 
of the year. 

This lack of funds hasn' t sup-
pressed the students ' enthusiasm, 
and the programs remain strong. 

Things couldn't have worked 
outbenerforLeighHsu, thedriving 
force behind the ice hockey pro-
gram. 

This year, the team joined the 
Pacific Collegiate Hockey Asso-
ciation, and is playing its games in 
the San Diego Sports Arena. 

The Tritons help pay for their 
$200-an-hour ice time by selling 
tickets for the San Diego Gulls' 
games. 

Equipment can run anywhere 
from $400 to $1 ,000, and club dues 
in the amount of $300 are also 
required, though mainly as insur· 
ance against injury . . 

Despite all this, Hsu optimisti-
cally claims that there is nowhere 
to go but up. The team even man-
aged to acquire a full- time coach, 
Gary Andereassi, who put together 
a playbook and helps run prac-
tices. 

For Hsu, the greatest satisfac-
tion comes from seeing all of his 
hard work payoff. 

"The feeling right now is in-
credible," he said. "I was skeptical 
[at first)." 

While the hockey program is 
still in its early stages, other ex-
tramural programs at UCSD are 
flourishing. 

The UCSD surfing team, 
coached by Bob Edwards, was last 
year's National Scholastic Surfing 
Association (NSSA) champion. 

This season, the team is ranked 
first in the state. 

As for finances, the surfing team 
doesn't have the funding problems 
found in to sports such as hockey 
and snow skiing, Edwards said. 

Most of the team's budget 
comes from dues paid by team 
members, as well as money raised 
through booster leuers. 

As with hockey, Edwards as-
serts that there is no problem with 
enthusiasm amon g the team 
members. 

They surf whenever possible 
and are, according to Edwards, 
"surf fanatics. " 

UCSD is the only NSSA team 
to have a coach. 

Although this adds to the overall 
cost, members of the surf team 
claim it does payoff in the long 
run. 

Edwards contributes by video-
taping the team, and by doling out 
advice based on these tapes. 

"We're so much more together 
than other teams," Edwards said. 

Lacrosse is also a fairly new 
extramural sport at UCSD, as the 
men's program is only in its third 
year under Head Coach Bruce 
Seitz. 

Seitz's program has seen no lack 
of support from students, as the 
roster currently lists 41 players. 
The athletes pay dues to the team, 
and must pay for a large portion of 
their equipment. 

One way the team earns money 
is by hosting youth lacrosse clinics 
in the San Diego area. 

The clinics are free, and the 
team earns most of its funds from 
T-shirt and concession sales. 

During the season, the team 
works out four days a week for an 
average of two and a half hours. 
These sessions include condition-
ing, as well as team and individual 
skills. 

Ultimate disc isoneofUCSD's 
more unique extramural sports. 
While the sport itself has been 
around since the 1960's,theUCSD 
ultimate disc team has only been in 
existence for two years. 

One interesting aspect of ulti-
mate disc lies in the structure of the 
rules and the attitudes of the play-
ers. 

Ultimate disc has a "Spirit of 
the Game" clause in its rules. 

According to team advisor and 

University of California, San Diego 
REGENTS LECTURER 

LLOYD RICHARDS 
Artistic Director 

Yale School Of Drama 
Keynote Address: 

CULTURAL DIVERSITY 
IN THE AMERICAN THEATRE 

NOVEMBER 10, 1990 7 P.M. 
UNIVERSITY CENTER THEATRE 

FREE ADMISSION 
Pr ... nled in connechon with the 

Cultural Diversity In Th" American Theetr" Conference 
November 8· 11,1990 

Sponsored by Cantempo<ary Block Arts Proorom 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

Guardian File Photos 
Ultimate disc, rugby, and cycling are just three of the 10 sports in the UCSD Extramural Program. 
former coach Dave Adelson, this 
clause essentially states that play-
ers should always compete at the 
highest level possible, but to never 
let that interfere with the spirit of 
the game or respect for opponents. 

The ultimate disc team is cur-
rently comprised of about 25 
players, 20 of whom are new to the 
team. 

Adelson asserts that disc ski).ls 
take a couple years to learn. 

"Playing the game is the best 
way to train," he said. 

Funding is not a problem for 
ultimate disc, as very little equip-
ment is necessary. 

Each team member pays ap-
proximately $25 per year in dues. 
Funds are supplemented through 
tournament entry fees. 

UCSD hosts one of the biggest 
ultimate disc tournaments in 
Southern California each February. 

The UCSD cycling tearn has 

Las Vegas $ 51 
San Frandsco $ 51 
Ne. York $311 
London $"' 
Frankfurt $4" 
Tokyo $55' 

F"res Me roundtrip. Restrictions do 
apply. 

···Ig,.IIlNIsscs··· 
"11M •• "" 'I' 

larif!1IH... C." 10' cre1r1111ir.1 
ca.. lei 

UCSD Price Center 
(by the Post Office) 

451·0630 

also begun to make a name for 
itself in recent years. 

Last season, the UCSD cyclists 
qualified eighth in the Western 
Collegiate Cycling Conference, 
and competed in the Regional 
Championships in April. 

Although the team mi ssed 
qualifying for the National Cham-
pionships, Mark Clevenger, the 
team's administrator, coach, and 
president, feels that this year's 
team will be a definite contender 
for a national championship spot. 

"We've expanded and grown 
much quicker than anyone else [in 
the conference)," Clevenger said. 

For training during the season, 
which begins in January and runs 
through the spring, the team rides 
an average of three hours each day. 

During the offseason, the team 
workouts include weightlifting and 
running, as well as bike time. 

As for funding, the sport of cy-

cling can become fairly expensi ve. 
The team budget may run in 

excess of $10,000 a year, most of 
which is paid through team mem-
ber dues and sponsor contributions. 

Still, those who participate in 
extramural sports at UCSD have a 
common complaint in that they 
receive only minimal recognition 
from the school and the media. 

" Ittakesa lotoftime to be on an 
extramural sports team," Clevenger 
said. " We don't get the credit that 
otherteams get." 

Dean agrees. "[The athletes) feel 
they don ' t get much attention from 
the university ," she said. 

For whatever reason they do it, 
the students who participate in 
extramurals at UCSD enjoy their 
sports and put a lot of time and 
effort into them. 

But for now, they ' ll have to be 
content with being " the poor and 
unknown." 

UCSD FITNESS 
SPICIAIJ 

AND ONLY $20 P •• MONTH 
on a monthly bas;s 

STAiRMASTERS AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS·HOIST 

FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 

liFE CYCLES 
REEBOK STEPS 

4 MiLES FROM CAMFUS 

BEING-FIT ® 
3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd . 

Clairemont Square Shopping Center neor lee Ward,· Behind Paf, Sport 

483-9294 
Also in SDSU area 698·1702. Pr.senJ thi. ad and 1.0. 



16 SPORTS 

A 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, November 7,1990 

A LOOK AT EXTRAMURAL SPORTS 

OF 
THE 

• The extramural teams at 
UCSD complain of no 
money and no support 
from the school, yet, the 
program continues to 
grow. Why do they do it? 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Writer 

DUNKNOWN 
Robin Leach wouldn't come close to 

these people. In fact, they're about as 
rich and famous as an Alaskan fish 
cleaner. But that doesn't stop the UCSD 
extramural program from continuing to 
thrive despite complaints of no money 
and no support. 

Brian Morris/Guardian 

The term "extramural" was coined by 
Laurel Dean, thedirectorofthe program. 
According to Dean, some UCSD athletes 
were unhappy with the use of the word to 
classify their sports. 

"[The extramural team ] felt that hav-
ing the name 'club' didn't how what 
they were all about," Dean said. 

After all, they did represent UCSD in 
competitive sports. Their only distinc-
tion from intercollegiate sports was that 
they didn't adhere to NCAA regulations 
- including years of eligibility and 
maintaining a minimum grade point av-
erage - and they received less funding. 

So, last year, Dean changed the name 
to the Extramural Team Sports Program. 

An extramural sport usually starts as 
a recreational club, which then evolves 
and becomes more popular. Dean noted 
that how fast a club grows depends upon 
the enthusiasm of those who participate 
in it. 

One reason the extramural program 
seems to be so popular is that almost 
anyone is free to participate. 

Extramural sports, however, must 
contend with a problem that is uncommon 
to most intercollegiate teams. 

Each team must fund itself, with 
limited help from the university. The 
average team has annual expenses of 
$6,000 - $8,000 and some teams, such as 
the snow ski team, have expenses that 
can run in excess of $20,000. 

Such expenses often require partici-
pants to pay for their own equipment. 
Furthermore, full-time coaches are paid 
little or nothing. 

Thus, fundraisers, which are used to 
supplement a team's budget, can become 
as time consuming as the time actually 
spent participating in the sport. 

Guardian File Photo See EXTRAS, Page 15 

Volleyball Hopes to 
Be Second to None 
• Preview: The UCSD women's volleyball team, ranked 
second in the nation, begins regionals Friday at Pomona 
By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

"It eem like the season just started," 
UCSD women's volleyball Head Coach 
Doug Dannevik said. 

What? Is he kidding? Doe he have am-
nesia? 

Maybe he just forgot to add the prefix 
"post-" to that "season" busines . 

Or maybe he 's just looking ahead to the 
real season - the one that tarts with thi 
weekend' regionals at Pomona-Pitzer' new 
facility. 

Starting the sea on with a tournament i 
nothing new to the Triton , who opened at 
the Christ College Tournament in August, 
and claimed the first of three tournament 

Liz Vesanovic (/) and Jennifer Cross will start for UCSD this weekend at Pomona. 

Otherwi e, it eem he's forgetting ev-
erything the Triton have accompli hed 0 
far - a 33-8 record, a number two national 
ranking, and the top seed in the regional . • See W. V·BALL, Page 14 


