
Inside ••. 
OPINION ........... .4 
FFATURES ......... 8 One Germany-0".,. AIle.? 4 

'Peri.h or Publi.h' 
Syndrome 8 Men~ Hoop Get. Tournament lid 20 SPORTS ........... 20 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 69, #16 MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1990 

Judicial Board Refuses To 
Hear RIMAC Complaints 
By ANTON BITTNER 
News Editor 

Charges filed by UCSD student Andy 
Howard against the RIMAC Committee 
were denied a hearing by the A.S. Judicial 
Board on Wednesday. The Board decided it 
was not within its jurisdiction to review the 
complaints. 

Through a statement issued by A.S. 
Judicial Chair Evan Kirvin, the Board re-
ported that "by unanimous opinion, the A.S. 
Judicial Board finds that it cannot exercise 
any judicial authority over this dispute." 

The complaint filed by Howard asked 
the Judicial Board to assume jurisdiction 
from the A.S. Elections Manager on elec-
tion violations that he filed. 

However, according to Randy Woo-
dard, elections manager for the RlMAC 
voting, the referendum was conducted using 
Student Fee Funded Facilities and Student 
Fee Referenda guidelines, and was not under 
A.S. Election Bylaws. 

Woodard aid the elections are not under 
A.S. jurisdiction because the A.S. Election 
Bylaws do not carry provisions forcreating 
or raising student fees. 

Woodard added that the Student Fee 
Funded Facilities and Student Fee Refer-
enda guidelines are established by UC sys-
tem-wide guidelines for this type of elec-
tion. 

Rlmas UzcirislGuardian 
UCSD baseball pitcher Dann Eaton threw a no-hitter in Friday's 4-0 win 
over Western New Mexico in the Southern California College Invitational. 
See related story Sports page 18. 

Howard's complaint systematically 
charges every person who served on the 
RIMAC Committee with violating several 
section of the A.S. Election Bylaws. 

Howard reque ted thattheJ udicial Board 
nullify the RIMAC pecial referendum 
vote due to the alleged election violations. 

Kirvin said "there are no provisions in 
the A.S. Election Bylaws for the establish-
ment of fees ... [but A.S. bylaws] state that, 
'all tudent fee referenda shall meet the re-
quirements as set forth in the guidelines for 
Student Fee Referenda. " 

Because these guidelines were created 
by a joint venture of student government 
and the administration, the Judicial Board 
doe not con ider them to be A.S. Bylaws, 
Kirvin said. 

UC-Managed Lab Ceases Plutonium Use According to Kirvin, the Judicial Board cannot ruleon the complaint because it i 
not a dispute within A.S. constitutional 
boundaries. By ALLEN LUE 

Daily Californian 

Plans to test a process of producing weapons-grade plutonium 
at the UC-managed Lawrence Livennore National Laboratory 
were snuffed last month amidst protest by area environmentalists 
and peace activists. 

U.S. Secretary of Energy James Watkins tenninated the 
research project Monday. In light of budget restrictions, it was 
decided that the country's plutonium reserves are adequate for 
its nuclear weapons, Watkins said. 

"We're very excited," said Marylia Kelly, member of Tri-
Valley Citizens Against a Radioactive Environment. "But we're 
going to keep an eye on it." 

Kelly said local protest efforts "had a substantial impact" on 
the U.S. Department of Energy 's [D.O.E.] decision to shutdown 
the Livennore project. 

Lab spokesman Jeff Garberson disagreed, saying, "I have no 
reason to think [the protest] had anything to do with it. The 
D.O.E. announced that it was for budgetary reasons." 

More than 20 years of research have gone into the development 
of Laser Isotope Separation, a technique said to "enrich" fuel-
grade plutonium to weapons grade. 

Using the process, the metal is vaporized, and lasers art 
projected through the vapor to achieve the purity necessary for 
nuclear warheads. 

The lab built a facility last year to test the new technology and 
pave the way for a large scale operation in Idaho Falls,ldaho. But 
just before the first test of the process last spring, the Tri-Valley 
group and the Western States Legal Foundation caught wind of 
the plans and threatened to sue the D.O.E. for failing to release 
an environmental impact study. 

"It's kind of hard for [the lab] to portray itself as environ-
mentally aware when they're vaporizing plutonium near an 
earthquake fault," Kelly said. 

The lab spokesman maintained that there would not have 
been acredible threat to health orenvironment from the proposed 
plutonium work. 

"[The activists] are not especially well infonned," Garberson 
said. "The amount of plutonium to be used is measured in 
billionths of a gram. It's not reasonable to try to frighten people." 

The laser-based equipment will now be used to process non-
radioactive metals in order to learn more about how the equipment's 
mechanism works, and the Idaho Falls facility will not ~ built. 

Election violation jurisdiction is there-
fore returned to Woodard a elections 
manager, as provisioned in the Student Fee 
Funded Facilities guidelines. Under these 
guidelines, the election manager is to use 
personal discretion in ruling on the course 
of action regarding a campaign violation, 
according to the bylaws. 

"Watkins wants the technology developed in case there is a future 
need," Garberson said. 

Activists say they are still vigilant, however, since Watkins has left 
the door open for future plutonium proces ing at the lab site. 

The te ting, Kelly said, stands as a possible impediment to peace 
talks between the United States and the Soviet Union, and increases 
prospects for nuclear proliferation. Woodard, however, has already dis-

missed a similar complaint filed with him 
See RIMAe, page 7 

She added, "Our first choice is to cancel it altogether. Then we'll 
have a party." 

Escondido Benefactor Dies At 88 
By CATHERINE DILLE 
News Editor 

Local historian and UC benefactor Frances 
Ryan died last week at her Escondido home. She 
was 88. 

Ryan, who had been suffering from complica-
tions of the flu, was found Tuesday in her house 
located on the 15 acres Ryan deeded to the Uni-
versity of California in 1973. 

In the months preceding her death, Ryan was 
outspoken about her disappointment with the 
UC's use of the gifted land. 

In an interview with The Guardian several 
months prior to her death, Ryan said the 15 acres 
of unaltered Escondido foothills which she and 
her husband gave to the University, her alma 
mater (UCLA class of 1925), was to be used as a 
natural preserve. 

Under the stipulations of the bequest the UC 
was not to sell the land until the deaths of both 
Ryan and her husband, Ryan did. However, in 
September of 1988, the University sold the 

acreage to a local couple for $80,000. 
Ryan told The Guardian last month that the sale 

"was like a death." 
"I don't think the University, with the manage-

ment they put it under, gave [the preserve] half a try," 
Ryan said. 

The University accepted the Ryans' donation of 
the Ryan Oak Glen Reserve as part of its University's 
Natural Reserve System, commemorating the rtona-
tion with a-plaque and a ceremony. 

Ryan recalled the ceremony as "the first inkling I 
had that [UC administrators] were land and money 
hungry." 

According to Natural Reserve Director J. Roger 
Samuelsen, the sale was deemed necessary by the 
University because of the reserve's distance from UC 
campuses, the drying up of local streams, the en-
croachment of developers in the area. and the lack of 
"support facilities" such as donns and research labo-
ratories. 

Ryan said she signed the release that allowed the 
'sale to proceed because she felt she had little choice. 

See ESCONDIDO, page 7 

" 



({I UCNEWS 
Traveling Preacher Tells UCLA 
Students To 'Thrn Or Burn' 

Referring to the nearly 500 protesting students gath-
ered to listen to him as "children of the devil," a traveling 
preacher espoused his views on today 's society in UCLA's 
Westwood Plaza earlier this month. 

"There is no fear of God on this campus," said elf-
described educator Jed Smock. "How can you claim to be 
pious when you have a brute bear as your symbol?" 

Smock, in describing what he claims to be "the right 
way for all to live," ruled out all forms of religion except 
for Christianity. 

"We Christians rule the world. If the Jews believe [in 
Christ as the Messiah], they can rule too," he said. "Tum 
or bum." 

Smock, a professor-turned-evangelist, verbally at-
tacked groups he described as not obeying this com-
mand. Included were all non-Christians, gays, lesbians, 
and people whom he believes do not adhere to the 
traditional roles of marriage. 

"Gays are damned to hell," he said, tearing apart a 
condom thrown at him by a protester. "Do you know 
what gay men get for being homosexual? They get AIDS. 
. . these little rubber things break." 

Condoning the traditional roles of men and women in 
society , Smock encouraged women to become servants 
to their husbands and give up their immoral attempts to 
reach to the top of the busines world. 

"My wife scrubs floors and does my laundry- she 
stays in the house. How do you think women who leave 
the home and get corporate jobs get there? They sleep 
their way to the top!" 

In addition to women, Smock said civil rights propo-
nents also contradict the Bible. "Malcolm X was a low 
life, and I don't plan on condemning South Africa for 
apartheid." 

Students described Smock ' s comments as "racist, 
sexist, and anti-semitic," and one female student 
screamed, "You're a racist, Jed." 

"And you have rectal obsession with me," Smock 
responded. 

Cory Menotti, an undergraduate majoring in political 
science, became so angered with Smock that he climbed 
onto the plaza stage and began to mimic the preacher 's 
actions and words. 

Calvin and Hobbes 

iI)'i , nI\5 PlJOOIN6 ~,I 
W,.,S GRO.T.' em nll~~ 
I i ~"'£ to. 8:l'fll '!CI.J'~ w.o 
IJPsrAlRS 'It) E~. 

\tOSSES? 

'tl£lL. I S\)Wc'SE TlI~T ¥IOI.ILD 
Bf. PROI/Ql(ING. so iE'S, 11 
foJOIJU) & '" LI m.r. ~O. 

News Clips 
When Smock noticed Menolli 's actions, he pointed at 

the student's earring and yelled to the crowd, "Don't 
worry. Just because he has an earring doesn't mean he is 
homosexual ." 

Menotti believes that the traveling preacher has some 
use for the campus. "Racist Jed is a refreshing way for 
students to vent anger. It's comedy and racism in their 
purest forms," he said sarcastically. 

Greg Miller 
UCLA Daily Bruin 

UCLA Students Visit Sororities To 
Warn Members Of Rape Danger 

Three UCLA students visited several sororities last 
week, urging them to leam more about acquaintance rape 
after a woman said in a letter to the Daily Bruin that she 
was raped in a fraternity house. 

The students said they want to raise awareness of rape 
and spark debate about the issue. Their visits to the nine 
sororities came less than two weeks after the Bruin 
printed an anonymous letter by a woman who said two 
fraternity members raped her last April. 

The letter has generated a flurry ofletters to the Bruin, 
making sex ual harassment the most popular issue in the 
paper's Viewpoint section this school year. 

"The time is ripe for a change," said senior political 
science major Nathan Friedkin, who initiated the soror-
ity visi ts. 

Friedkin advocated that the sororities boycott the 
fraternities for one week and urged rape education semi-
nars for fratemity members. He also said fraternities 
should publicly condemn sexist acts. 

The sorority member who traveled with Friedkin said 
she is not sure if a boycott would be effective, but said she 
went along to encourage rape education. 

Rape is a problem of society, not just of the fraterni-
ties, she said, adding that she does not want to pit sorori-
ties against fraternities, because they should work to-
gether on the issue. 

Tom Mooers, the third member of the advocating 
group and a fraterni ty member, said a person can be both 
"pro-Greek and anti-sexism at the same time." 

Stacey Friedman, president of Gamma Phi Beta, 
echoed the sorority member's comments and said after 
Friedkin's visit that " his heart is in the right place." 

She suggested that maybe the sororities, the fraterni-
ties, and non-Greeks should hold a vigil together to 
denounce sexual harassment. 

~, ~T Til AT g,.,o, SIJI'!'()S£ 
SVT ~t m\N ~()\J .l\JST 
If' 1)\l l1"ON.l' fiRAZU 

If ft., m . 1\\E 
\()'fI ~ 

WOJLD 
SE? 

LIfE. \S full Of' 
\o\"SITRIES. IS~1 
Ii? S£( ~ClIJ 

T\\IS ,.,tm~ . 

W. Kevin Leung 
UCLA Daily Bruin 

by Bill Watterson 

SA'! !MillE 1()\J 
KNOCKED OI'F 
HIS HJ,'" ~o 
HIS Gl"S~ES 
~~8l\ING . 

(~UCSD NEWS J 
International Affairs Group To 
Sponsor Educational Fair 

The International Affairs Group, a student group 
devoted to promoting discussions on issues of interna-
tional concern, is sponsoring a volunteer and educational 
fair in the Price Center on Thursday. The fair will feature 
various organizations devoted to education, develop-
ment of Third World nations, and environmental con-
cerns. 

This large and ambitious event comes as a culmina-
tion of the "Eye on the Third World" program, a series of 
films and lectures on Third World issues. There will be 
Latin American crafts on sale to benefit various humani-
tarian projects, as well as "Caliche," a Latin American 
music group specializing in folk music. All are invited to 
attend. 

A.S. Book Exchange Program Set 
For Spring Quarter Trial Run 

The A.S . Book Exchange, a new service, will give 
students a new option to sell their books. Students will 
list the books they wish to sell and tum the list in to the 
A.S. office starting the eighth week of classes through 
the end of the quarter. A list for each book will be 
compiled showing the tudents who are interested in 
selling it. These lists will be available starting the first 
day of school through the third week. 

Students can then pick up list of the books they need 
and make contact with a person who is selling the book 
on their own. The price negotiation is entirely up to both 
parties. Once the book is sold, it is the student's respon-
sibility to call the A.S. office and take his name off the 
list. 

Spring Quarter is a pilot quarter for the program and, 
depending on student response, the service may be 
available for students during Fall Quarter, 1990. 
UCSD Students Sought For San 
Diego Volunteer Opportunities 

The Volunteer Connection, a service of the A.S. that 
serves as a clearinghouse for UCSD students, staff, and 
faculty interested in volunteering in San Diego, has 
announced the following volunteer opportunities: 

• The Interfaith Shelter Network needs a video camera 
operator/editor to produce a video highlighting volun-
teers from both existing footage and the volunteer's own 
work. For more information, contact Mary Niez at 531-
0833. 

• San Diegocity schools need classroom assistants for 
group or one-on-one tutoring. For more information, 
contact Kathy Murphy at 293-8303. 

• The San Diego Aerospace Museum needs a volun-
teer as a tour guide. For more information, contact Tim 
Cunningham at 234-9291. 

The Volunteer Connection is located on the third floor 
of the Price Center, above Espresso Rorna. For more 
information on the above opportunities or any others, 
please call 534-1414. 

UCSD Chapter Of International 
Group Will Hold Hunger Banquet 

Results, an international lobby for Third World and 
U.S. development and health programs, will kick off its 
new UCSD chapter with a hunger banquet at 5:30 p.m. 
this Wednesday in the Pepper Canyon Lodge. Results 
members, by initiating editorials and writing to members 
of Congress, have successfully lobbied the govemment 
to create the Microenterprise Loans for the Poor Pro-
gram, to increase funding for UNICEF, and to forgive 
$900 million of African debt, according to Results. 

Everyone is welcome to attend the hunger banquet 
($1 admission), which will simulate the world situation, 
followed by the first meeting, during which letters to 
President George Bush will be written to encourage his 
attendance at the World Summit for Children in Septem-
ber. For more information, call Nora at 558-8141. 

Former Nixon Aide To Speak On 
Conflict In The Middle East 

The Israeli Action Committee is sponsoring the visit 
offormerNixonaidelohn Rothmann, who will be speak.-
ing Tuesday at 7 p.m. in USB 2722. The subject of the 
lecture is "Levels Of Conflict in the Middle Easl." 

Rothmann will discuss the relationship between Is-
rael and the Arab nations, the Palestinian/Arab question, 
and how to deal with those conflicts. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason Snell, Associate News Editor 

Monday, February 26, 1990 

Women And Labor Expert 
Addresses U CSD Audience 
By ANDREA ADLEMAN 
Senior StaffWriler 

Rita Mae Kelly, the director of 
the department of justice studies at 
Arizona State University , ad-
dressed the subject of "Women, 

Few women work in the primary 
labor market of the public sector, 
the category which includes elected 
officials, high-level administrators, 
tOP staff, and appointed judges. 

The majority of women hold 
jobs in the secondary labor market 

The UCSD Guardian 

women work as mid-range civil 
servants, teachers, librarians, and 
nurses-occupations which com-
prise the intermediate labor mar-
ket of the public sector, she said. 

"One of the ways you get 
women to feel like they ' re moving 
up is you rename their clerical job 
and call it administrative assistant," 
said Kelly, who is the editor of the 
journal Women and Politics. 

"Ten years ago, they were sec-
retaries; now the U .S. Economy, 

and Labor Force 
Participation" at the 
Price Center re-
cently. 

Throughout her 
lecture, sponsored 
by the International 
Politics and Eco-

'One of the ways you get women to 
feel like they're moving up Is you 
rename their clerical job and call it 
administrative assistant.' 

they 're ad-
ministrative 
assistants, so 
now they're 
inadifferent 
category, 
right? But 
reality may 
not have ac-

-Rita Mae Kelly 
nornics Forum , 

rually changed." 

NEWS 3 

Roth', WAREHOUSE· In K_my Mesa. _ Con_y St.· 

FUTONS OR FRAMIS 
5% DISCOUNT 4·WAY LOUNO.R & 6" .UTON 
when you buy cotton solid futon & Twin $OC 90 Queen $126.35 
Iounger herein. simunaneousfy Full 5114.95 King $190.00 

IVrONS 'UTONI 
§: II: §: a: 

Twin $eo $80 Twin $69 $89 
FuU $70 $90 Full $89 $109 
QJeen $80 $100 Oueen $99 $129 
Kirg $110$130 (CotwoIuItd /own. 
icoffonj 2_,,_) 
I'U1'OII .......... 
conu 

----
Sofid Prill Ful $169 

T S29 S50 Oueen $189 W_ .... 
F S34 $55 Ful $249 
Q $311 SIiO Queen $279 

NIW no .. MOUU 
Thu .... 12-7 pm; Fri, 12-6 pm 
Sat. 10-5 pm; Sun. 11-4 pm 
Mon.-Wed, appointments 
292-4673 or 569-7081 
VISA-MASTERCARD-YE51 

fUTONS PUTONI 
§: a: ............. 

Twin $65 $85 §: a: 
Ful $75 $95 Twin $89 $109 
Queen $85 $105 Ful $99 $119 
OpiocoolUn Oueen $109 $129 
;,an) King $139 $159 

PItAMII 4·WAY 
ftlLLIlU LOU ..... 
Pine SI09 ..... 1 
Oak $179 Twin $12 
Alder $279 FuR $51 
Chelsea $159 Oueen $53 
QUEENS, TOOl King $90 

LAIlOlINYINTORY. TOI' 
Prices subject to change. 

Delivery available. 
·4.07 Mercury St., Warehouse"'" 

Take f·805 or 1·16310 Clairemonl Mesa Blvd. 
Go 2 blocks soulh on Mercury 51.. on 
NE comer of Mercury and Ronson Rd. 

Kelly stressed that while women 
are entering the work force in in-
creaSing numbers, there are cru-
cial di fferences between men's and 
women's positions in labor. 

of the public sector. These are jobs 
such as clerical staff, and mainte-
nance and part-time workers, Kelly 
said. 

As Kelly explained, there are 

many social influences on the !!~~!!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~!~~~~~~ 
position of women in the work ' 

In addition, a sizable number of See LABOR, page 7 
"Even though they have the 

same occupational titles, and in the 
census data you find that there 's an 
increase in women who hold those 
occupation, women still obviously 
do not have the same amount of 
power . . .. They 're not eaming the 
same amount of money and they 're 
not moving up the careerladders in 
the same way, and so the question 
then gets a little bit more com-
plex," she said. 

Kelly's analysis of types of 
gender-segregated labor markets 
include tWO main variables: occu-
pation and industry. Industry 
breaks down into core economy 
firms, peJiphery economy firms, 
and the public sector, including its 
branch, the voluntary sector. 

The occupations, or labor mar-
kets, are either primary, intermedi-
ate, or secondary, in descending 
order of prestige and desirability. 

According to Kelly , most 
women work in the public sector, 
which is defined as the govern-
ment and nonprofit organizations. 

Rhnas UzglrlslGllordiall 

Construction commences on this area near Stonehenge, 
being cleared for a new parking lot. 

PIZZA a: PASTA CAFE 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 

~FREE 
• 

SLICE OF PIZZA 
BUY ONE and get a second FREEl 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• • • Not valid wtth any other coupon offer. One coupon per customer per mit. Exp. 3/31190. • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

: GARLIC BREAD 
: & SALAD 
: with purchase of any pasta or entree 
• 
• 

• 

FREEl 
• 
• 
• 

• 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• 
Not valid wtth any other coupon olTer. One coupon per customer per mit. Exp. 3/31190. 

DiMattia'. Plua a: Puta cafe 
in Costa Verde Center, 2nd Level 
Directly across from University Towne Center 

CAlL 
455-5211 

UCSD FITNESS 
S'PECIAL 

AND ONLY $20 Pia MONTH 
on 0 monthly basis 

STAIRMASTER 
UFE CYCLES 
CHILD CARE 

AEROBICS 
NAUTllUS·HOIST 

FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 3 MilES FROM CAMPUS 

BEING-FIT ® 
3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

Clairemonl Square Shopping Center near La. Wards·Behind Fam,,,,. Footwear 

483-9294 
Al", in SOSU orea 698·1702. Pr....,1 !hi. ad ond 1.0. 

GUARDIAN 
Bob DeANDREA Michael FOULKS Mike MARTINEZ Eileen HENRY 

BUJi ... .u Manal" 
Joe BROWN ,',ccoMnl E.ucMrivt 
Ctll'lS KOVACS ,',dvtr/ising ,',ssis/anl 
Leanae 8ELONGIE Loyou/ ,,"$lis/ani 

Ath'trt;s;,.s MtJIUIltT Advt"i.ung Art OireclOr 

UCIO QiiiRiiWi I LI"'~_ 
ClilSsi/leJ R.pmtnlalive 

Cimalatioll: 
Fosler Otive Joe Lee 
John Dondo Elysia Pl ladino 

BUSINESS OFFICE 534-3466 ·EDITORIAL534 - 6580· FAX534 -769 1 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 26, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

DAVID WYNER, Managing Editor 
ANTON BITI'NER, News Editor 
CATHERJNE DILLE, News Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

TI!.UCSD G"",dimt is published ,wice ~Y" ,he UniYCt>ioyofClli(omia. San [lie&<>- eon ...... 01990. 
View,upn:ued hertin repruenl the majoriry voce 01 thc cdJ\Orial baud. and &R: 110( ncceswiJy thoicolthc 
UC 80Ird of RelenlS, the ASUCSO. nor the entire GtIOTdIcut staff. 

Reunification 

Deutschland Uber Alles? 
The reunification of Germany is definitely in our future, The 

U.S . government supports it, the Soviets have at last acquiesced 
to it, and the German people, both East and West, want it passion-
ately. The only obstacles left are the diplomatic formalities of 
how and when. 

Yet there seems to be a prevailing sense of unease throughout 
many nations of Europe and the world at large, and not without 
cause. The last two collaborations of a united Germany weren't 
exactly the most beneficial to Europe, or the world. Two world 
wars, millions oflost lives, and immeasurable destruction are not 
easily forgotten. The cold war which emerged from World War 
II is only now beginning to thaw to a more peaceful relation hip 
between the two superpowers, some 40 years later. 

The world Jewish community, most notably Israel , has ex-
pressed some concern as well. The systematic extermination of 
over6million Jews by the Nazis has not been forgotten, and never 
will be, and the rise of neo-Nazism in Germany in recent years has 
many Jews worried that history will repeat itself. 

The Soviet Union, not surprisingly, is also concerned. Nearly 
10 million Russians died in World War II, and virtually every 
Russian lost a family member or friend during that war. Few 
Soviets can forget the horrors of the Stalingrad siege. Avoiding 
such an invasion has been a priority of Soviet foreign policy ever 
since. But Gorbachev cannot easily deny the German Democratic 
Republic the freedoms that other satellites - and even Soviet 
republics - are attaining. For East Germans, freedom means 
reunification. Soviet uneasiness cannot stand up to that passion. 

However, it is highly unlikely that the ghost of Adolf Hitler 
will rise again in a unified Germany. Instead of an insidious 
military threat, the world, including the United States, will have 
to contend with a massive economic power. 

Although a unified Germany will be economically sluggish at 
first, having to repair the eastern halrs horrible economic state, 
the western half is strong enough that Germany will rapidly 
become an economic giant second only to Japan and the United 
States - and in some ways bener. 

For example, according to Newsweek, if Germany were united 
today, their exports would exceed those of the United States by 
more than $40 million, and they would have a trade surplus of$73 
billion, compared to the $138 billion trade deficit of the United 
States. 

A unified Germany would quickly become the economic 
center of Europe. The already strong Deutchemark would domi-
nate the European Monetary Union. German industry will likely 
playa major role in the rejuvenation of ailing Eastern European 
economies as well . 

An economically powerful Germany is not necessarily bad for 
the United States. If Germany can stimulate economic growth 
and development in Europe, then virtually everyone stands to 
gain something. The continued existence of NATO, and closer 
relations between European countries, will ensure that any inap-
propriate Gennan passions would be checked. 

Like it or not, anew, unified Gennany is in our future -very 
possibly before the end of the year. Despite any reservations, the 
process is effectively out of both U.S. and Soviet hands. The 
United States can only hope that Gennan reunification will come 
gradually and systematically, without creating any tensions for 
Europe, the Soviets, or us . 

Make no mistake, the future of Germany is almost entirely up 
to the Germans. And the world can only watch, wait, and, to 
paraphrase Thomas Mann, hope that this unified Germany will 
keep to their pledge of establishing European Germany, not a 
German Europe. 

Affirlnative Action is a Good Program 
Editor: 

This letter is in response to the 
letter on Affirmative Action 
("Affirmative Action Unfair", 
Feb. 20). (It is3:50a.m. andlmust 
write this letter and express what 
is on my mind or I will not be able 
to sleep.) 

When I first read about Lupe 
Vasquez, the freshperson at Stan-
ford University, the newspaper 
headline read, "From homeless 
shelter to Stanford dorm room." 
Immediately it caught my atten-
tion and I was so excited when I 
found itwas a woman and aLatina. 
I thought, "That's incredible!" 

I am a Latina myself, a sopho-
more at Third College, and I ap-
plauded her accomplishment be-
cause her struggle was similar to 
mine. [ just recently got my 
"Greencard ," but for 13 years I 
lived in fear of deportation, in 
poverty, and with the knowledge 
that I would probably end up preg-
nant and on welfare like a lot of 
my friends in high school who lost 
faith in themselves. But in spite of 
all that, I got good grades, and I 
was accepted to New York Uni-
versity and was awarded a schol-
arship based on academic achieve-
ment and talent. I transferred here 
and was accepted on the same 
merits. 

I say it's incredible because 
she defied the odds and that says a 
lot about her character and deter-
mination, certainly much more 
than a GPA could. However, I 
would like to add that she got in on 
her academic achievement! 

I transferred to this school 
because I was recruited for the 
Theatre Department, but it's been 
a real shock coming to UCSD and 
reading articles in this newspaper 
on Affirmative Action, especially 
this one. It only makes me wonder 
what percentage of the student 
body feels the same way. That 
article is an insulttoLupe Vasquez, 
to me, and to many Latinos be-
cause it undermines our accom-
pliShments, it dismisses our 
struggle, it minimizes the pain we 
have gone through in the fight for 
our right to be here, and it ques-
tions our specialness. Because we 

BENSON 

are special, not because we have a 
"Hispanic last name," and because 
each Latino student that did "make 
it" represents hundreds, even thou-
sands of Latino students who 
didn't. We are tired of proving 
ourselves. 

And as I write this letter, re-
gretfully, [realize that whatl have 
done is justified and proved, once 
more, my right to be here. This 
right would never be questiollt:d 
for a person bearing a last name 
such as "Smith" or "Jones." We 
have as much right to get a univer-
sity education as anybody. 

I wrote this letter out of anger, 
but now more importantly out of 
the desire to educate that person 
who based their letter on assump-
tion and ignorance. I would like to 
suggest to anyone who feels the 
same way to read the Mexican-
American history (both perspec-
tives), to befriend a Latino/a stu-
dent and learn about them and 
their situation, and then to exam-
ine where those feelings, which I 
consider negative, come from . Do 
they come out of jealou y, or out 
of fear contorted into hatred? 

Josefina Lopez 

Suicide Story Mishandled 
Editor: 

I am writing in response to the 
article conceming the suicide of 
David Simennan ("Revelle Sen-
iorCornmits Suicide Off Bridge," 
Feb. 15). Specifically, I would like 
to address the loss of a valuable 
human life, a concept which the 
article carefully avoided. 

The environment we live in 
thri ves on being mechanical. 
People respond automatically, 
often avoiding their true feelings. 
Whenever a tragedy occurs, the 
search begins for someone or 
something to blame. The focus 
should be on a consideration of 
why the tragedy occured. In the 
case of suicide, this is especially 
sad, since a dead person cannot 
respond or ask questions. 

I understand that David's sui-
cide had to be reported. My dis-
agreement is with the way it was 
handled. Dave was an employee 
at my place of work. He was a 
nice, responsible guy. Apparently, 
he had some personal problems, 
but who doesn't? The article also 
mentioned personal infonnation 
about Dave, regarding anti-depres-
santdrugs and psychological serv-
ices. He was painted as a loner 
with mental problems, a depressed 
guy who was ready to check out. I 
doubt that the author of this article 
Icnew Dave. 

Interviews could have been 
conducted with roommates, his 

friends, and possibly co-workers . 
Many people have overwhelming 
problems that they have to deal 
with on a daily basis. The idea in 
really questioning the people who 
knew Dave is to help people under-
stand when things have gone too 
far. They say that somebody who 
really wants to commit suicide 
will still do it regardless of outside 
pressures. I disagree. If people 
learn what it is that makes people 
so desperate and sad that they are 
ready to take their own life, that is 
the first step in preventing fUl1her 
suicides. 

Students can relate to the fact 
that we Ii ve in a world filled with 
stress and pressure. The key is to 
not let these get the best of us. We 
all feel upset and helpless when 
we leam of a suicide. The person 
couldn't cope and gave up. Sui-
cide needs to be talked about and 
dealt with, not treated as a taboo 
topic that is only relevant to lives 
which are already disturbed be-
yond hope. 

For Dave, it is too late. The loss 
of life, especially al the owner's 
hands, is tragic and depressing. 
Facing up to what happened and 
what can be done to prevent fur-
thersuicides and help reduce stress 
levels is the best thing we can do 
in memory of Dave and others 
who made the tragic choice which 
he did. 

Laura Hough 

Monday, February 26, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Forming A Silent Friendship: A Bridge Between Worlds 
By DANA CHAIKEN, Associate Sports Editor have to learn her language and enter her world. getting phone calls from strangers calling for deaffriends, 

Thirty-six days ago [ experienced the first of several A friend of mine asked me why I'm even bothering to but Ididn 't fully fathom the idea until I became one of t hose 
visits I've made into another world. learn sign. I found it difficult to explain that I couldn't just strangers phoning a friend's parents. 

No, I was not visited by aliens and taken away on their chalk up that first day around Jenny to personal experience One night Jenny and I rented movies. ,J3ut, because I 
spaceship, but close-[entered into a world in which I was, and move on. [didn't know why then, and I sometimes will don't have a close-captioned VCR, it wasn't the usual 
and still am, the alienated one. wonder now, but for some unknown reason it's just impor- simple, everyday activity. Itried to translate, but it was hard 

On that day, I met a young woman about my age whose tant to me. for me not only because I sign at a second-grade level, but 
life is extremely similar to mine. We more or less live and Maybe it's solving the two-part mystery: that first you [ found that I wanted to be watching and listening to the 
function in the same world; more because we have so much movie when I had to translate. 
In cQmmon, but less because my world is one of sound and GiiIk DIAN" C l~up It was a pain, but I can't begin to imagine how irritating 
verbal speech and hers is one of silence and sign language. it must be to watch a movie you can't understand. Then I 

Since the day we were introduced, when I barely knew thought about how difficult it must be to constantly be in 
the American Sign Language (ASL) alphabet , I've learned have to figure out what a deaf person is sayi ng , and then you si tuations where you can ' t understand, or people can' t 
enough through her patient teaching and a few library get to listen to what they have to say. understand you. 
books to carry on a conversation with my new friend. What [ do know, however, is that I am fascinated not [found myself in just that predicament a few days ago; 

She says she can't believe how fast I'm picking upASL, onJy by Jenny, but by all the new experiences I've come standing in a silent room where everybody was talking. [ 
but I can't believe how much I feel like a little kid - one across in the last few weeks. It 's amazing how spending felt so alienated, not to mention dizzy, that I just gave up 
who is just learning to talk, and is experiencing life for the time with her has opened my eyes, closed my ears, and trying to decipher their flying hands. 
first time. forced me to reconsider my view of the world, and the way [suppose that waiting for Jenny to stop and translate her 

The whole way of functioning in the deaf world seems I function in it. conversation to me, as I try to do for her around by hearing 
so new to me, but somehow it -------------------------------------...,;.-....:. friends , is j ust one of the 
shouldn't be. In traveling to coun- I factors that time will make 
tries on six continents, I've been met a young woman about my age whose life Is extremely similar to mine. me more comfortable with. 
in countless situations where I We more or less live and function In the same world; more because we have In fact, there are quite a 
couldn't talk to people. [always SO much In common, but less because my world Is one of sound and verbal few other things I have to get 
just got by with some pointing, a speech and hers Is one of silence and sign language. accustomed to such as not 
few apologetic smiles .. . or an sneaking up on Jenny, not 
interpreter. knocking on doors, not yell-

I never gave a second thought to not being able to Some of the simplestthings in her world are so different ing across a room or a parking lot, not taUdng while driving 
communicate with non-English speaking people. At times, and, from my point of view, difficult. For example, she or in the dark, and not assuming that everyone I meet is 
when abroad, I felt stupid, but not nearly as often as I do can't just pick up any phone and call someone. We talk hearing. 
now. I could always just go back to the United States and through the California Relay Service, but only when she ' s [ think the biggest obstacle, though, is not resorting to 
talk to anybody, no problem. somewhere with a TDD machine. verbal speech or writing on paper or a computer just 

Now, here at home, communication is a problem. I've This process in itself can be interesting because I have to because I'm tired of signing. Jenny can't just quit, so why 
found someone who knows my language, but doesn't speak remember that I'm really talking to lenny when I'm Iisten- should I? 
it. Yes, hand gestures and pointing suffice, but only for ing to a male operator. On my end, Ijusl shrug at those who My limited ability to communicate in ASL more often 
about two minutes. Sarcasm and humor help, but those, too, give me quizzical looks when I'm speaking at half-speed than not frustrates both of us, but somehow we lolerate each 
onJy go so far. in broken sentences so the operator can type everything] other and the situation because we Icnow that one day 

I discovered after the first few nights out in a group that say. communication will cease to be a barrier. 
I can ' t always rely on another friend who knows sign. I There have been times when I've served as an "opera- MTHf UCSDGuARDfANClOSE-UP" APl'EAAS EACH McNDAY, AND 
realized that if I wanted to communicate with JeMY I'd tor." I'd heard stories from other hearing people about IS WRtT'IEN BY A DIFFERENT SfAFF MfMBfR EACH WEEK. 

FORMER MISS MISSION BEACH DEENA LAVANlY has returned to 
San Diego to rejoin the V-AVANTI team. She's both an educator and 
a hair designer. Deena believes you are her walking and talking ad-
vertisement. You will get the best 01 quality and service at an limes. 
Come join us. 

V-Avanti 926 Turquoise Street, Son Diego 
CAll FOR AN APPOINTMENT 

272·2202 

ITOYOTA1.~""'I~ ~~ 
Minor Tune-Up SpeCial $35 (reg. $55) 

Our tuM-up lnc:WIIalOt _ 11M oIIIfs. It InCIIIIIII: 

5. AdIuIt......... t. CIIIdI_ 
a. CIIedI' .......... , 01-" 10. CllldllIIo. __ -nIagI- Iter .. 
1. CIIIdI tnIIII 11. CIIIdI CIIIIIIII ~ , '-
• . CIIIdI cM:II 12. RaM .. 

35-point Major Service Special $79 
ElIIII for ~ OUr ...... up lIIdudII: (reg. $150) 

Complete Clutch Job $179lbrft MW __ ) 
---.. 'TlInIwaII", 

50 l'ii0i= l ....ta I all 
\1 . ...... 

Braka Job Special $44 (rig .• ) 
FI1III or ....... jllllIICII*I: 

1 . ....... _ .......... .... 
2. I11III alii ... II1II 

t· Ir~..r-.,.. 
.. ~-... --

.... ...... 111111 ...... ,..tw ... 1 ......... 
AlI_ Wk _. z.,.. 21 ....... 11 ...... wllmltr. 

AU prlc.lncl ............. 1IIIIr. 
r--10%OFFLABOR --l 
L with UCSD 1.0. J 
----------

ovet .. 
AuIDmotIwe RIp. s 

de ', ••• •• 8 years in business 

Offer good thru March 31 
wiIIIlhIs ad 

Towing and relDl car availlble. 
Hours Monday-Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm 
..... ..... ' ... 1= ~ Miramar Rd. __ 1 

Gall for appointment now 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

Abortion Rights at Risk nancy through a court order can hardly deserve the rubric of 
"family." Such persecution is far 
from fair and serves to oppress 
young women in already difficult 
circumstances. 

By LUKE RICHBOURG 

This past Fall the nation was 
treated to a chilling display of 
ventriloquism. lbough the words 
of President Bush were seemingly 
caring and concerned, careful 
reading of the President's lips 
revealed an entirely different 
content. The words Bush mouthed 
conveyed the truly cruel inequity 
of his intent. The word. now ring-
ing loud and clear in the ears of 
Americans, was VETO. 

As Majority Speaker Thomas 
Foley said, Mr. Bush "holds it in 
his power to deny the right of 
choice to the poorest, most vul-

- nerable American women." Bravo 
to "Kinder, Gentler" George for 
his veto of a bill intended to aid 
impoverished victims of rape. 

That victims of rape or incest 
will be denied government aid for 
an abortion seriously calls into 
question the goals of the pro-life 
movement. Tn its drive to stop 
abortion, the Pro-Life movement 
doesn't eem to be concerned with 
social justice or responsibility. So 
all consuming has the crusade 
become that the "pro-life" have 
forsaken the lives of the living in 
the fight for the unborn; the result 
is more pain and hardship for all . 

Of course, not many victims of 
rape or incest depend on federal 
aid to help them. Those who do, 
the very poor, will now have the 
incredible bad luck of being bru-
talized by a rapist only to face the 
incestuous abuse of their Uncle 
Sam. The self-anointed arbiters 
of right and wrong who make up 
the Pro-Life contingent have de-
cided that such maltreatment of 
the poor is perfectly moral. And 
Mr. Bush boughttheirdecision. A 

I 

I 

"0" in Decency ought to be ap-
pended to Bush's Yale transcript. 

Yes, perhaps the world would 
be a better place without abortion. 
But do we have the right to force 
that judgement on other elements 
of society simply because they are 
poor and politically weak? "Vic-
tories" such as the recent veto are 
hollow at best, if not downright 
sadistic. Stay tuned for more of 
the same. It appears that only when 
inhumanity. inequity and injus-
tice have been foisted upon our 
nation will those opposing the right 
to choose be satisfied. 

How right was Lincoln Stef-
fens when he said, hbeing moral, 
the righteous do not know that 
they are sinners, nor how and 
wherein they sin." Good inten-
tions do not excuse the harms they 
bring about. Let's look at some of 
the other proposals self-described 
"humanitarians" and "moral 
people" have offered up for the 
"betterment" of society; the harms 
they will have to answer for are 
many. 

Pending on the court docket is 
a review of a law which requires 
minors to notify their parents prior 
to an abortion. It sounds pretty 
reasonable, on the face of it. But 
the real aim is thinly veiled har-
assment of the politically defense-
less. Jfafamilyi not close enough 
and supportive enough to allow 
parent/daughter discussion. is it 
the legislature'S place to mandate 
it? Should we demand that young 
women notify divorced parents, 
hostile parents, or parents who 
have run away from child sup-
port? 

This is done in the name of 
"family life," though any family 
that learns of an unplanned preg-

The Supreme Court will also 
look at a law requiring abortion 
clinics to have the same equip-
ment and staff as hospi Is. This 
specious demand is made in the 
name of safety, despite the fact 
that abortion is one of the safest 
procedures there is, and certainly 
safer than giving birth. (Misinfor-
mation mongers take nOle: giving 
birth is seven times more likely to 
result in the death of the mother 
than is an abortion.) Once again 
this measure is nothing more than 
an unashamed attack on the poor. 
Higher standards, though unnec-
essary, will increase the cost of 
abortion and limit availability. As 
a result of this ploy any poor 
woman unable to afford the cost 
(now even if her pregnancy is the 
result of rape) will be, in essence, 
forced to bear her unwanted child. 

To institutionalize such gross 
inequity can scarcely be called the 
American Way. Whether you 
believe abortion is right or wrong 
you would do well to wonder at 
the current methods of the Pro-
Life movement and their conse-
quences. Is the "problem" being 
solved by these actions? Or are 
the patricians of Congress deny-
ing the poor what they wouldn't 
think of taking from their own 
daughters? 

Though I do not favor a law 
requiring the pledge of allegiance 
in chools (another of Bush , s frivo-
lous attacks on the Founding Fa-
thers), I do respect the words of 
the pledge: "liberty and justice for 
all." If these concepts are more 
than mere words, we are obliged 

Only $10.49 
(plus tax) 

Monday, February 26,1990 

to act on them to find a socially 
just solution to the abortion di-
lemma. 

effective if it did the truly moral 
thing and offered nurturing help 
tothoseflOdingtheburdenofchild 
rearing too great to face. By eas-
ing the financial and social pres-
sures to end a pregnancy, Pro-Life 
could responsibly diminish the 
"need" for abortion. A lillIe 
compassion would further the pro-
life goals far better than protests 
and "holier-than-thou" admoni-
tions. Until such time as it focuses 
its energies in a productive, so-
cially responsi ble direction, "pro-
life" will remain a misnomer. 

Most of us see abortion as a 
"necessary evil." Few see it as 
trivial, and for most the prospect 
of making a decision about an 
unwanted pregnancy is a grim one. 
But it needn't be so. If pro-life 
means what it says, it will stop 
hlllJling on the "evil" and begin 
working on the "necessary" of this 
equation. Little is accomplished 
through legal attacks on the disad-
vantaged. Pro-life would be more 

Study 

Abroad 
• In 

Australia 

England 

Scotland 

Carolyn Watson, representing the 
Butler University Institute for Study 
Abroad, will meet with students 
interested in 1990-91 programs for 
undergraduate studies in Australis 
and Great Britsin on Monday, 
February 26, at 11 :30 p.m. and 
4 p.m. in the Undergraduate Affairs 
Conference Room at the 
International Center. 
For further information, please 
contact the International Center, 
telephone 534-1123. 

Opportunities 
Austral .. at eight universities; 
Greet Britain at 22 universities 
and polytechnics; INSTEP in 
Cambridge and London; 
InternshIps. 

Open 7 days a week. I , Breakfast Club cards available from any cashier. 

I 
Regular beer or soda with a large cheese' pizza (thin crust). 
Extra charge for additional toppings. 10 required for beer. 
Not valid on take-out orders. Expires 3/1 9/90. 

I 
I 

Monday, February 26, 1990 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
Frances Ryan 

ESCONDIDO: Previous 
Owner OfUC Reserve Dies 
Continued from page 1 

"The only alternative I had ... 
was to take it 10 coun, and I . . . 
think that a widow in my position 
standing up against the University 
of California wouldn 't have a 
chance," Ryan said. 

"This was our life, our hopes 
our dreams, our future, what we're 
going to leave behind. our shrine, 
our church .... This was our all," 
she said. 

The future of Ryan 's shrine is 
in the hands of Bill Norman and his 

wife Ethel, who plan to retire on 
the acreage and build a bam-like 
structure to house Norman ' s an-
tique automobile collection. 

Norman said he plans to nuture 
the rare oak trees that dot the prop-
erty and generally "keep the place 
natural." 

Guardian Senior Sta!fWriter 
Seth Slater contributed to this 
story. 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

RIMAe: Violations Review Denied 
Continued from page 1 
by New Indicator collective mem-
ber James Field. 

Howard, who often works with 
the New Indicator but does not 
consider himself a collective 
member, said that he was not sur-
prised by the Judicial Board's deci-
sion, and plans to take further ac-

tion in the near future. 
Howard said that he and " oth-

ers who are dissatisfied" with the 
election "have no intention of 
dropping this at all ... [what's to 
be done) is still to be decided." 

Howard said that their com-
plaint is not about the RIMAC 
facilities. He claims that the ad-

ministration decided it wanted 
these facilities before theRJMAC 
Committee was formed and sub-
verted the students in attaining 
them. 

RIMAC "was completely, cyni-
cally derailed by the administra-
tion from the word go," Howard 
said. 

LABOR: Noted Spea~er Discusses 
Women's Role In Today's Job Market 
Condnued from page 3 the most money," she said. 
force, notably sex role ideology, "Historically,menbavedefined 
economic and Constitutional being competitive and the 'best 
stnIctln, and other legal factors. job' as getting the most money and 

In Kelly's conceptual ~ maybeseeltingacareertracltwhere 
WOJt.. gender inequality is great- they can get more power. Women, 
est in the primary labor martet of because of cbildren andprivatc-
theC(Reconomy. This category, life seA roles, have not always 
containing occupations such as bought intotbose rypes of values." 
cbemists, engineers, top manag- Kelly noced that in order to 
ers, bankers, and corporale Jaw- improve women's role intheJabor 
yel'S. is heavily maIe-dominated, force, broad-baaed changes must 
according to Kelly_ take place. She feels that collcc-

OnereasonsbeofferedfortIU tivetatbcrtbanindividual action is 
is that, untilm:endy, women were the key to change. 
virtually JRVented from acquir- "I'm not sure quoting statistics 
ing the educational credentials about bow many women are in the 
needed for top jobs. labor force will really make much 

Another factor is tbal "you of a change. You have to recon-
have to want to compete for the ceptuaJize the power base ..•. It's 
'best job.' How is 'bcstjob' de- pretty clear that the conservative 
fined? Women still today will momentum of institutions and of 
often choose to have a freer time history is not on the side of 
schedule, a more flexible scbed- women," she said. 
ule, and bave maybe more inter.. Warren junior Heather How-
eating work than tbty will go for land felt that Kelly gave a valuable 

and informative presentation. 
"Things like this should hope-

fully help some people become 
more aware of women's role in 
society and the actual statistics," 
she said. 

Natalie Wong, a Third Col-
lege senior who plans to go to 
law school, said that Kelly's 
lecture "really reaffirmed my 
desire to go out there and not be 
intimidated by the good old 
guys" in corporations. 

According to Kelly, the 
"good old guys" to which Wong 
referred will not dominate the 
labor force in the near future. 

By the year 2000, when cur-
rem students will have begun 
their careers, Kelly said that "88 
percent of the new entrants into 
the labor force will be women, 
minorities, orforeigners:We do 
not have enough white males to 
take care of the jobs . ., 

BE A LEADER AT UCSD 
RUN FOR OFFICE IN THE 

1990 ASUCSD ELECTIONS!!! 

FILING DATES: March 5th thru 9th, 8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
March 12th thru 14th, 8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

lA ST DAY TO FilE: April 2nd, 8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

WHERE: In the A.S. Office, Price Center, 3rd Floor (see Patty) 
POSITION S A VA IlA BlE: 

EXECUTIVE: 
President 

Vice President Administrative 
Vice President External Affairs 

Vice President Finance 

COM MIS S 10 N E R S : 
Academic Affairs 
Communications 

Programming 
Public Relations 

Operations, Services & Enterprises 
University Center Board 

(UCB position re<Jires one year experience on board or 
as elected ASUCSD offlCiaQ 

SENATORS: 
Sophomore, Junior, Senior Senators for Muir, Revelle, Third, Warren 

Sophomore and Junior for Fifth College 
.' 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

Features 
On the "Publish or Perish Syndrome:" 

'There is no doubt about it. I felt enormous pressure to complete 
and publish a book while I was being considered for tenure.' 

-tJCSO Professor 

(( 

(I 

\~~1~~ 
~\l 

" 

All Booked U 
Illustration by Culn Lew 

UCSD Professors Expected 'To Publish' 
• By Renee Lewis 
Sw//WriJer 

The "publish or perish syndrome," said 
to be prevalent among universities across 
the country, refers to the pressure many pro-
fessors and hopeful professors-lo-be face to 
publish books or other literary works in 
order to excel in their field. 

Many professors may even feel the fear 
of losing their jobs or not being promoted 
because they have not published a book. 

"There is no doubt about it. Ifeltenonnous 
pressure to complete and publish a book 
while I was being considered for tenure," 
said a UCSD professor who asked to remai n 
anonymous. 

Political Science Professor Peter Irons 
maintained that "UCSD is supposedly one 
of the leading research universities in the 
country, so our faculty is expected, and we 
expect ourselves, to publish." 

However, he did not feel any of the 
··publish or perish" pressures, becau e when 
he came to UCSD his first book was already 
published. 

Irons claimed that while there is no quota 
for publishing books, an implicit rule gener-
ally means that an individual usually re-
cei ves tenure for his first book and is then 
promoted to full professor for the second. 

However, this is not an issue that Irons 
must face; he has wri tten four books already 
and is currently completing a fifth called 
The Case/or Judicial Activism. 

Iron's firs t book started out as a third-
year paper when he was attending Harvard 
Law School. Because the 1,500-page paper 
was tOO long for an an icle and too shon fo r 
a book, l rons decided to expand it and create 
a book. 

This is the strategy that many academics 
use to publish their first books- merely 
lengthening their research for their disserta-
tion and expanding it into a book fonnat. 

Iron 's fi rst book sold approxi mately 1,000 
copies, which he claims is about average for 
a scholarly book. 

The major market for these types of 
academic books includes libraries and schol-
ars in the fie ld. After the completion of his 
first book, lrons hired a literary agent to rep-
resent him and negotiate contracts on his 
behalf. 

Literary agents receive a share of the 
money an authoreams from a book (usually 
10- 15 percent), and they are usually able to 
infl uence publishers and negotiate con-
tract much beller than the individual au-
thor, who may not possess the technical skill 
required. 

Irons stressed that "hardly anybody makes 
any money from writing books, particularly 
academic books, except individuals who 
write widely-used textbooks, such as basic 
economics or math books." 

While Irons' approach represents the most 
popular way in which to fonnulate , to cre-
ate, and publish a first book, it is by no 
means the only way. 

Paul Sallman, professorofbiology, wrote 
his firs t book, The Biochemistry and Physi-
ology 0/ Iron. while he was vice-chancellor 
at UCSD in 1982. Five years later he pub-
lished his second and th ird books, The Cali-
/ornia NutriTion Book and Th e New NUlI·i-
tioll Book, respectively. 

The fonner is a "stand-alone" book that 
Saltman professes one can read and use to 
obtain the knowledge needed to practice 
good nutrition, while the latter book in-
cludes what Saltman believes to be "the 
most significant papers in the field of nut ri-
tion," as well as cassette tapes which contain 
interviews with leading nutri tionists. 

Using the tapes in conjunction with both 
nutrition books substitutes for a course 
through UCSD's Extension. 

According to Saltman, the goal of the 
nutrition books was "to bring reasonable 

See BOOKS, page 9 

Monday, February 26, 1990 

Center 
Celebrates 
Facelift 
Drawings, Concerts 
Mark Week-Long Event 

By JOHN SWEENY 
Guardian Reporter 

The Student Center will be com-
memorating its reopening with a 
week-long celebration staning to-
day. 

The reopening, sponsored by the 
Student Center co-ops and enter-
prises as well as the University 
Center Board, will culminate on 
March 2. 

The idea of a reopening celebra-
tion to draw attention to the facility 
was introduced last fall by Jason 
Carbone, University Center Board 
member. Planning for the reopening 
began early this quarter. 

"This was the first place students 
could come to and call home, and 
that shouldn ' t be forgonen ," 
Carbone said. "There was a lot of 
fear that this place would get lost in 
the shuffle [of the Price Center 
opening and office relocations), but 
we're committed to this place as a 
facility ; it ' s still under the Univer-
sity Board umbrella-

"A University should be about 
choices, and the Price Center offers 
one choice for on-campus life. I 
think it ' s imponant that students be 
aware that they have variety. With 
choices, you get a son of commu-
nity on campus. Students, faculty, 
and staff can work and study and 
also have facilities for their errands 
at UCSD," Carbone said. 

According to Student Center 
Reopening Committee Chairman 
Mordecai Potash,"In the Student 
Center, students have the chance to 
run, manage, and plan for the future 
of businesses, co-ops, and enter-
prises. It' s important for the Univer-
sity Center Board to suppon those 
opponunities and to create new 
ones." 

A drawing for prizes will be held 
on Friday, and free tickets will be 
available at the General Store, the 
Food Co-op, and at the Che Cafe. 
Prizes have been donated by the 

See CENTER, page 9 

Gall Johnson/Guardian 
Jason Carbone . .. 
University Center Board 
Member 

Monday, February 26, 1990 

Center: Remodeled 
Continued rrom page 8 
General Store, the Food Co-op, the 
Bike Shop, the Grove Caffe, and 
the Che Cafe. 

Special bargains, giveaways, 
and T -shins will also be available 
at the Food Co-op and the General 
Store. 

The celebration will also in-
clude five concerts beginning with 
Lazy Porch Dogs, today at noon at 
the Grove. 

The Pep Band will be perfonn-
ing at noon on the Gym steps on 
Tuesday, Steve Schaaf will per-
fonn at the Grove at noon Wednes-
day, and Jerry Giddens will per-
fonn at the Grove on TIlursday at 
noon as well. 

On Friday, the Bonedaddys and 
Jambay will perfonn at the TGIF 
on the Gym steps at 4:30 p.m. 
One of the purposes of the celebra-

tion is to focus attention on some 
of the $500,000 improvements that 
have been made in the Student 
Center. 

The General Store, Soft Re-
serves, and Lecture Notes have all 
expanded, and the Grove Caffe is 
adding a facility which will serve 
soup, salad, sandwiches, and yo-
gurt. 

The Food Co-op has tripled its 
space, and the Computer Co-op 
and Groundworks books have 
doubled their size. 

The Bike Shop has also in-
creased its space and, according to 
Potash, "It's gone from an operat-
ing entity which was losing money 
and being s!Jbsidized by the stu-
dent board [before the renovations 
began) to an enterprise which is 
now in the black." 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dennatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation. 
VolunteeTs paid $50.00 for participation. 
If interested. call 53+4955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534-6847. . 

The UCSD Guardian 

Books 
Continued rrom page 8 
scientific knowledge about nutri-
tion to an otherwise terribly misin-
fonned populace," and to teach 
nutrition to those with "non-scien-
tific minds." As a result, Saltman 
worked with two co-authors who 
attempted to take his ideas and 
translate them into concise, fluid, 
and easily understood scientific 
tenns. 

When asked about the "publish 
or perish" issue, Saltrnan main-
tained that the motivation behind 
writing his book was not a result of 
pressure orpressure or monetary 
compensation, but rather as a re-
sult of his desire to infonn Ameri-
cans of the many nutrition falla-
cies thatexistloday. He argues that 
"[Professors) have to teach, pub-
lish, and do good research to be 

See BOOKS, page 13 

tiP 
UI1l~fSlly of &n Dic<'P 

SAT l SAT 
GMAT GRE 

Te.t Preperetlon Course. 
Experienced Faculty 
lecture Course 
I".CI ... Practice Exams 
Score in top 25'1b or take next 
couraefr .. 

,.., ............... tt .,W2e0-4.7. 
"_-""01 __ 

T_.......-C:O'_· __ 3t. 
___ DIo4o.CAHIIO 

FEATURES 9 

Features Writers 
Does this apply to you? 

• Do you want to find out how to get 
paid? 

• Curious about how to get story 
assignments? 

• Interested in free pizza? 
Then come to the Features writers' 
meeting, Monday, February 26, at 
5:30 p.m. in the Guardian office on 
the second floor of the Student 
Center. 

6 Minute Prints! 
See Fuji's new AP5000 Color copter 

('Ibe only macbine in San Dtego County) 

7523 Fay Av •• 
Vans Shopping Center 
459-G696 
Open 6 dIIyIa WMk - gone fishing 011 
Sundaysl 
WellCalpl UCSO JUtt- ordeIa 

• Proof sheets from slides 
• Overhead vue-graph slides 
• Enlarge or reduce 

-AnENTIONI 
SIOCK aRoKIR 

lRAINllS 

Express Yoursell! 

Energetic, growing funl seeking dedicated, 
ambitious professionals. Client-corne-first 

strategies and investment carefully chosen, 

w. furnish: 
1. Assistant and client leads 
2. Ongoing training 
3. Management opportunities 
4. Profit sharing 

5. Six-figure income potential 

Maria Bulger 
1-800-688-8989 

M San Marin o Securities, Inc. Carlsbad, Calif. Member N ASD • SIPC 

Third College Town Meeting 
Monday, February 26th 

7:00 p.m. 
Oceanview Lounge 

TOPIC OF SPECIAL INTEREST: 
The renaming of Third College 

Come and express your opinions and ideas. 
Faculty, staff, students, and alumn i are invited to 
discuss the merits of the various name change 

proposals . 

Refreshments will be served. 

~ 
THIRD 



10 The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 26, 1990 

U C 5 
--Paid Adl'errisemenr-

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS AS PROGRAMMING 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • SCA COLLEGE OF ST. ARTEMUS; St. Artemus Day Torney & Revel. fighting, melees'. 
-TO FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS' dancing. bardic circle. Sal, March 10th, 10:00am at SlOnehenge (behind Gailbraith HaU). 
• • ISRAEL ACTION COMMJITEE presents a speech about the levels of Conflict in the 
• CALL THE A.S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-8433! • Middle East by Fonner Nixon aid. John Rothman-Tues.,Feb.27that7:00pmin USB2 722 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• A.S. PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE MTG. COLLEGEDEMOCRATSalUCSDarehavingageneralmtg.Wed .• Feb.28thal7pmin 

PC Davis-Riverside Rm. Byron Georgiou. candidare for the 78th Calif., Stale Assemble 
TUES., FEB. 27th AT 5:00 PM 
PRICE CENTER CONF. RM. 8 

ATTENTION LOCAL BANDS!!! 
SEND US YOU DEMOS NOW! 

ASUCSD PROGRAMMING AND UE & SA POP EVENTS 
ARE LOOKING FOR A FEW GOOD BANDS! 

PLEASE MAIL (OR DROP OFF) TO MATI/A.S. OFC 0-077 
A.S. FILM SERIES PRESENTS 

"WHEN HARRY MET SALLY" 
Thurs. M3rch 1st - P . C. THEATRE - 6:30 & 9: 0Opn 

TIX ARE ONLY $1.00 
& AVAILABLE @ THE BOX OFC. 

& MAY BE PURCHASED IN ADVANCE OR 
@ THE DOOR 

MARCH 9th GYM STEPS 
I 4:30pm I 

REGGAE 
REGGAE REGGAE REGGAE 

lJ-r.·;'?lf]~~~:::!f~~t~'0.·:'.::;~ii::ii·::;C·t:;~{·:R·E6GA'Ett;'fw:ltlill~i;~ll~i~fI1~;;':;<{~~~i~;~':@];ffifl 

~LAUGHTER~ 

the mighty lemon drops 

the ocean blue john wesley harding 
FRIDAY • MARCH 2 • 8PM 
PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 
ucso ST. Sl1 • G.A. SiS • (516 DAY OF SHOW) 
UCSO BOX OFFICE' 534-tS59 • ~;:-... 
PRESENTED BY UQSA • AND 'f / X 

distriCl will be our special guest AU new and current members are invited 10 attend. Come 
learn how 10 get involved in a campaign and discuss the issues with us. See you Wednesday! 
BIS1:.-Ski sun Valley, Idaho. Mar. 24·31 w(l of9 UC schools! $349 includes Greyhound 
transportation. refreshments, condo in S un Valley, 5 day lift pass. free happy hour. broomball 
& more! For more info, call RISC al534-4482. M-Th, 10-1 pm. Hurry to gel your tix at the 
box ofc; - 10 Ox are left!!!. 

REVEUES B:A'ITl:E OF TIlE BANDS 
FRIDAY. MARCIl 2nd @ 9:00pm 

COME ROCK wrrn : 
o ACOUSI'lC AlJBI • THE EXCEN1RICS o FICTION 

• ME AND BABY GIN 0 VICIOUS BUITER FLY FANfASY. 
AS TIlEY BATILE FOR $450.00 IN CASH PRIZES 

@ REVELLE CAFETERIA 
ADMISSION IS ONLY $1.00111 

INfERNATIONALAFFAIRS GROUP PRESENTS 
1990 FRIENDSHIP & DEVEWPMENT FAIR 

THURS., MARCH 1st 
11 :00 am to 1 :30 pm - PRICE CENfER PLAZA 
® Broaden you education concerning the development 

of economic & human resources, & their 
environmental consequences 

® Opportunities to become involved with organizations 
that improve the lives of both ourselves & our 
neighbors to the South 

® Latin American Craft sale to benefit various 
humanitarian projects 

® "Caliche" - a Latin American music group- will 
perfonn . 

SfUDENf CENfEP 
PE -OPENING!!!! 

rEBPUAPY 26fH 1'0 MAPCH 2ND 

A Celebration oftbe CO-OPs and En(irprlses 
of the Student Center ~\:~.~ 

Gigs at the Grove: t -·D 
(All Gigs are at Noon] I ... 

Lazy Porch Dogs Monday, February 26th 
Steve Schaaf Wednesday, February 28th 
Jerry Giddens Thursday, March 1 st 

Pep Band at Gym Steps ~ 
Tuesday, February 27th at Noon •. ~ 

d 'T , Ii . -t:J 
T.G. at Gym Steps 

Friday, March 2nd at 4:30 

The BONEDADDYS 
and J,:!:"BA Y .t 

;:- ~oiF.1P 0 ~. 
~-' Iii ~14 aM fM't'r"."" lit fCH" 

e~ aM ~i1'. tIudMf tie weJJll 

Monday, February 26, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 11 

L LET I 
-Paid Advertisemenr-

...................•....................... r-------------------------, 
:. ALL CAM PUS BAT T LEO F THE : I ASAP INTERNSHIPS AVAILABLE THROUGH ASIO! I 
• BAN D S • I Are you looking for an internship in San Diego for Spring Qtr . & you I 
• • lmissed our applicaUon deadUnes? Don't worry! The AS. Internship OfIlce I 
• BEG I NS APR I L 6th I N THE TR I TON : otTers a variety of ASAP INTERNSHIPS in CommunicaUons. 
: • I wrtHng.mktng.advert1slng&public relaUons.Gov·t,flnance.economics. I 
• PUB III : I cmptr. programming & Englneerlng.Students do not participate In the I 
: . . . • I ASIO lntervlewlng process. but contact the companies directly. Some of I 
• MORE TO COME! • I the companies are: BOOKINGAGENCT-mktng. BRITISH AlRWAYS-sales & I 
: GET YOUR BATTLE OF THE BANDS APPLICATION : I mktng. CI1T 0,. SD FIRE DEPT.-vldeo.Asst. Producer. DOMINOS PIZZA-mktng I 
• • I & P.R. ,INDECTEC CORP.- mgmnt consulting corp •• MIND-LlNKS-cmputr. pro- I 
• • THE A.S. OFnCES OR DDT RADIO • gramrntng. NO. COUN'IT ENTERTAINER NEWBPAPER·asst. edltor.PHILLIPS-
• LAST DAY TO TURN THEM IN IS MARCH 5, 1990 • IRAMSEY-public relations dept., SD CREDIT UNION -mktngdept •• VAIlEDICALI 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ 
ASUCSD/UCB PRESENTS 

1990 C~tpy fJj!4.££ 
THEME: MARDI GRAS/MASQUERADE 

SATURDAY, MARCH 3,1990 
PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 

TICKET PRICES 
PRIOR TO FEB. 23rd - $25/15 STUDENTS 

- $40/20 NON-STUDENTS 
AFTER FEB. 23rd - $30/20 STUDENTS 

- $45/25 NON-STUDENTS 
BLACK TIE OR APPROPRIATE COSTUME 
.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ 

ASSISTANT 
STUDENT ADVOCATE 

Positions Available 
• • • • • • • • 

Assistant Advocates aid the A.S. Stu-
dent Advocate by helping individual 
students solve administrative problems 
and researching and reviewing cases 
and Univerisity policies. Experience 
is not required, nor is a huge time com-
mittment - only a willingness to work 
for student rights. 

Interested students should contact Joe 
Floren through the A.S. office on the 3rd 
floor of the Price Center, 534-4450. 

r-------------------------, 
A.S. BOOK EXCHANGE ~ 

* ANEW OPTION ... 
FILL IN THE BOTfOM OF THIS SHEET 

& TURN IT IN TO THE A.S. OFFICE. 
NAME: 

-------------------------------

PHONE: 

BOOK (TITLE, EDITION ... ) 
1. __________________________________ _ 

2. __________________________________ _ 

3. ________________________________ ___ 

4. ________________________________ ___ 

5. 

L _________________________ ~ 

I CTR.- Surgery Dlv. Orthopedics. And much more... I 
L ___ ~~p~~O~M~~~~~~~~~-4~~ ___ ~ 

CHECK OUT 
THE VINYL BLOWOUT 

50 % OFF ALL IMPORT LP'S 
50 % OFF 100's of 

DOMESTIC LP'S 
20 % OFF USED LP'S 

ASSORTED VINYL WANTS YOUR USED CD'S 
BRING THEM IN AND WE'LL BUY THEM FROM YOU 

Assorted Vinyl 
TOPTEN!!! 

1. DEPECHE MODE "PERSONAL JESUS" 
2. PETER MURPHY "DEEP" * "" 
3. B-52'S "COSMIC THING" 
4. MORRISSEY "OUUA BOARD, OUUA BOARD" 
5. DAVID BOWIE "SPACE ODDITY""" * 
6. DAVID BOWIE "THE MAN WHO SOLD ... ,,** 
7. DAVID BOWIE "HUNKY DORY""""" 
8. PHIL COLLINS "BUT SERIOUSLY" 
9. UB40 "LABOUR OF LOVE II" 
10.STONE ROSES "STONE ROSES"** 

Located in Price Center ~ 
Hours: (O~O) 

Monday - Friday 11-6 00 00 

**On Sale Now-- 12.99** 

KSDT & THE CHE CAFE PRESENT 
THE LAZY CO'lIGIRL5 
WITH PITCHFORK & 

HOl V LOVE SNAKES 
AT. M~R., 3rd, 8:00pm @ the TRITON PUB 

TIX ARE $5.00 @ THE DOOR OR 
@ THE BOX OFe. 

ANY QUESTIONS??? 
CALL 534-2311 OR 534-3673 



, 

12 

SERVICES AND WORKSHOPS 

MONDA Y. FEBRUARY 26 
.:JOa.m •• IO:OOI.m.-BlpoI:u- Group. This ,roup IS for shldents who 
have beendiagnostd as hDvinS. Bipolardisorderand arc bein& trt:lled for 
same. Issues Iddreued ~ill be copin, with lAc p:a$t. preKnl. and futu~. 
and livln, 'NilI'! or ..",hhoul medication. led by 04n Munoz Ind Undsay 
Cakieron. Call lhn at ,B4·l.579 for inform;uton and sien·up. Revelle 
CoIlcge Provost's OffICe. 

IO:3Oa.m •• 1 Z:OO ..... -LA TINO/CHICANOTHERAPY GROUP. Thi. 
croup deals with issues of se.1'~bt. and inteptin. "arioos aspects of 
bvan,: parenti., fllmi ly. social rel:lIion$hip~ We will wOJttoward the Coal 
olm:untllinin&sIOOenlproducrivily Led by Dan Munoz.. SJ4..1579. Call 
Dan for Informauon and $,lIn-liP. ReveUe Provosc', Buildi",. 

J: OO".m.-4:JOp .... -ASIANIPACIFIC ISLANDER STUDENTS' 
SUPPORT GROUP. Thi) citop--in &roUP is desi,ned 10 Iddreu the 
concc:rm of the A~.n/PIr;irK' blander 51ucknu II UCSD in I PfVbkm-
501'111", and supponive IUmM.pht-re. I sue) such as IQdemic and calftl' 
concerns. family .ywerns in cuhutallrans-itton.liClr KJenlily, and livin, in 
two cultures .s students Itt possibk disc:uuton toptcs. I..(d by Jnnne 
M:aneK. CaJI kanneat5J.4-J035 forinfornution . MounLlin Vicw LounCe. 

J:OOp. ... -4:JOp.m.-RED II. This ,roup i, dc!iCned foc 51uden .. who 
ttlUlartyen&agt in binJC"'PU!P patterns bul want 10 stop the cycle. With 
lou of suppon. uudenu will "<II-or1:. bach In and out or ,roup to u~nd 
themselves lind \0 ehante their be h:lVKMl.. illS ,enerally I"«OIt'II'nCnded 
that srudents finl ant.nd. REO I poop a,rrore com&nS 10 thil one.. Led by 
Klllhy Kuhima lind Karen Bissen. CIII Klthy 3t 'J4.3~8' ror informa· 
tton 3nd a brief prelimirwy Interview bcfott. conine 10 lhe &roup. Muir 
Apartment LounSC. 

4:00" .... ·5:JOp.m.-CHICANA. HISPANIC. LA TINA SUPPORT 
GROUP. Topa will iftC.ludc: lCademic rnoDvation, stress nunaaement, 
relationship enhancement, and the. chAnsin, role: of Hispanic women in 
ocodemlc. Led by Unds:oy Calderon. Call Und5lY • • 5J4.J755 foc 
IMrormalion and si,n·Yp. Revelle FonnaIl..oonlc. 

TUESDA Y. FEBRUARY 27 

1I:000.m.· I2:JOp.no.-COPING WITH CHRONIC ILLNESS AND 
PAIN. This IfOUP is COt' Audenu dullnl wilh chronic i1Jneu Ot plin In 
thcirown hves Of in the livC$ofsilnifant otherl. Topics lObe Iddruted 
include PliQ/strt.u m:lnI&r-mtnl IcchntqLICS. MndlinC depres$.k)n and 
klu. dealin, whh medical l~unenL ud developin& support systems. 
Copina skill ckvdopment and" supportive environment will be e •• • 
sluG. Led by J ..... M ..... and CaroIL<Boeuf. For. "",limlnary .... 
pointmcnt bcrorecomln, 10 lhe croup plcuccaJl Carol II ,,~ 1003 
GH. 

II :000 ..... I:eo,. .. --GAY AND LESBIAN PEER COUNSELING. 
Have a Ques&ion? Want somconc: to talk 101' Need I supportive en ... irotl· 
mtftr? Drop by rhe Women's ResourecCeftlu (Pricc Center) OfcIU5l4--
2Q23 few an individual :appointmenl with :a Inined peer wuRselor. 

l:OOp.m.-4:IIIp. ... -TEST ANXIETY WORKSHOP. Thi, woobhop 
will focUJ on lc.arnin, skills 10 n:duct IC:SI u.lict)' (c .... rtlualion. 
COInirive skills. time rNllIJmlCfIl). II i recommended tNl)"OW panici· 
pile in the workshop scvenJ. days prior to In cum. Lcd by Kalh)' 
Kashima.CIIII Kalhy .. ,)4.33-1.5 before comi", tothc croup. HSS 2141. 

Z:JOp.m.-4:IIIp.Wl.--GRADUAll' MEN'S AND WOMEN'S lllER· 
APY GROUP. It. weekly poup (or J1'Iduarc sudull inltrtlled in 
exp&oona: rtblkwu,hip'- acadmIK:lprof'e:llionaJ i!Sues. and pertOO&I ~ 
ttm1. Led by Miriam iosupovici . SJ4.()2j5. For information and a pre. 
liminary inl~iew bcJorc cOr'l'lin,lO t.he J1O'Ip, call Miriam at me above: 
phon< number. 1003 GH. 

4:JIf, ... -4:tOp ... - THERAPY GROUP FOR GAY MEN. A conli· 
cl<ntial ...... py """" ro. underpaduaoe and ..... _ lOY and bi, .. ua1 
men de:sl,ned 10 address concaru rdared 10 .JI.-.l orienation (e.c., 
"comin, OUI," relllJOn.tihip i ue:s. ntlworlcin, in (he P), communil),. 
h •• hh· .. I"cdooncan.). Led by David Blasband. Call David •• 5J4.J987 
for. brief .ppoin.""no brforc: cormn, 10 ,he ,"",p. J02 WC. Room 8. 
WEDNESDA Y. FEBRUARY 28 

IZ:JOp. ... 2:OGp.m.-RED '" (RECOVERING FROM EATING DIS· 
ORDERS ) GROUP. Thi, ,"",p i, for 5Iudcnu who.,., bryond "cular 
pauerns of binaein" dielin,. or purpnJ but .... ho wlnt to continue lheir 
Idf-drvrlopmrn. duou,h Increasrd Iev<IsoC sharin,and UUII. The poop 
will)earn tocxpe:~ feelinasof pulCf inlimacy and IClf~lfCCpcancc. 
Led by Berty Hlrju wilh Uz Dittrich. Call Bcverty 1.1 334-6493 for 
infonnalion W 10 lipt up belen comins to the IIOUp. 1003 GH. 

4:00p.m.-4:ClOp.m.-GA Y ANDLESBIAN PEERCOUNSELlNG, Haw: 
a quc:stion? Wlnt someone: 10 talk to? Nmla iUpponive- e:nvLronmenl? 
Drop by.he Women', Resoun:e Cen .... (Pric. Cenler) or caU334·2023 
for 111 indivKJual appotntmcnl with I trained peer coun5C&or. 

5:JOp.m.-7:OGp.m.- RED I (RECOVERING FROM EATING orSOR· 
DERS )G ROUP. This is. psycho-cducatlonal workshop (or SludenlS who 
wanl 10 become more IW~ of their eatin, habilS and how they mit)' be 
tnuercd and mainll.incd. Hllbit-brcakinlltChniqoes. buddin, sc.lf-cs· 
t«m. .s~lon minin,. and other copin, methods will be tIIu,ht and 
pncuced.. Led by Diane Bamel1loc1a p"r CQun~lor. Call Oi .. -,;:: Sl4-
3035 if you are interested in ,JOinin& the IJ'OUP bcforecoming 10 lhe croup. 

6:30p.m..lI:OO" .... -LESBIAN AND BISEXUAL WOMEN'S SUP· 
PORT GROUP. We'TT; a weekly. tonfidennal drop.in croup for women 
tntcrested In discusSln, personal tonCCms and SOCial ISSues in • comfon· 
.bIe, supportlVi: cnvironmc.nl Drop by 1he Women's Rc:5OUR% Cenler 
(Pnce Cenle:r), or call 534-2023 or S34-315S for more Information. Led 
by Cheli .nd Sue. 

7:00p.rn.-Slhajl Yop MediWlOn. Learn tcchmques of mednllion 10 
balance and heal, improve toncentnluon, .nd UlCrelUC)O'I and ICJf·es~ 
ICCm. Pncc Center, Santi Barbara Rm 

THURSDA Y. MARCH 1 

IO:oo..rn..LZ:OOa.nL--GAY AND LESBIAN PEER COUNSELING. 
Hive a qucsttOn? Want someone 10 IIlk 10? Need ISUpponlV¢ e:nviron~ 
men,' Drop by lhe Women's Resource Center (Price CcnICf) O"CaU 534-
2023 for lift individual appomllT'lem with. trained peer counselor, 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 26, 1990 

TheWeekly Calendar 
J: ........ -4:OGp.m.-GROUPFORUNMOTIVATEDANDPROCRAS· 
TINATING SllJDENTS. It. group fOt' SludenlS who find il difflCull to 
studyOf aec 51aJ1cd on the wri lin, of papers and who feel that school is not 
the place forlt\(:m It this time led by by Hugh Pllest 5l4--.14S6. Revelle 
Prov05l ', orr_ 

J :3Op.m.·5:00",m.-COPING SKlU.S GROUP. The ,oolof.hb group 
IS 10 undersllnd some or lhe ways in whteh emotions, biolo&kll mood , 
OOCniuve IIltlludes.nd SU'lleCies. IS wt.1I1$ bct\avioral pallms interact 
10 either cr(::l.Ie Of [0 solve: problems. 11us will be an active croup usin& 
IntI&U)' .nd rehearsal lechniques in &roup and I sclf-tw:lp book and 
homework bcl'WCeft scuionL. Lcd by Beverl)' Harju and Yvene Mhnni. 
Call BtverJYllt '34-6493 or Yvcue 11534-1725 for tnfonnalion and 1 
preltminary inlerviewbefortcomlnc 10thecroop. Confettnce Room. 202 
WC. 

6:00p.m.·7:JOp.m.-GAY AND BISEXUAL MEN'S SUPPORT 
GROUP. Have. question? Want somt~ 10 talk to? Need. supponive 
environmenc? Comejoin us! Led by Mark and Too)'. Call David'l 3,}4· 
3987 for information. W~n's Re.soun:e CenlCt'. 

FRIDA Y, MARCH 2 

Z:OOp. .... ·J:JOp.m.- ALCOHOLANDSUBSTANCEABUSEGROUP. 
If you hal.'e ever Isked " 00 I have. ptObkm?" chances ~ you do havc 
few Ihin,s 10 talk lbout Lcd by Dan Munol and Crystal Shannon. Call 
Dan It 534·1579 for inrormatlon. Revelle Provost's Office. 

. :OOp. ... -':oop. .. -CAMPUS BLACK FORUM. An infonnaldiscUJ· 
sionIsuppon ,roup which focu5C-5 on iUIIe," QOOCCms. and uperienca 
that affect the quality 01 life 0( the African·American communilY at 
VCSC. A prob&cm-solvina and skill·buildin, .ppn-=h is used 10 usisl 
students in copin. wi th acadtmic. social, rclahonlhip, and family matlt:rs. 
Led by Phil Raph .. 1 .nd Crysoal Shannon. For additional i.formation. 
call Ptnl or CrystalIl5J.4..3755. Moun&ain View Lounae. 

ACADEMIC SERVlCES 

MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY 

._ .... -4: ..... m.-S1G1 PLUS. SyllemloC In",""tivc Guidwr ItId 
Infonn.don I •• compu ..... _ procram 01 CII<tt Infonnadon dai ..... 
10 htlp you clarify )lOUr ski ll s, v&lues. and occupetionaJ intmStl. For 
more infMnlluOft. come 10 Career Services eenlet'. $10. 

a.-. .. -4:.lIp. .... -OASIS Wririn, Cen'" oIIen f_ ...... k:a for all 
UCSD students who need Jft·writinl help. conferences on drafts and 
editin, advice.. We enpac any kind of writin, and any kind 01 writin, 
probiem.. Conferences are by appointmenl only. Evenin, appoinancnts 
aR: also .vailable. (For full ranae: of services. _the Net ohhc cumnl 
<luslChcdule). Call 5J4.2284 or come by S.uden. ee-. lluildin, A, 
room 214, to make: an appoincmenl. This service: is ,vlillble dmluahoul 
.... q..-r. SpanJOrcd by.he OASIS Wri .... ConICr. F .... 

. : ...... -4:JOp.m.-SCHOLARS WRITING WORKSHOP. IIonon 
.....t<Jloops.nd individualwiJunce for f .. sItmrn and sopIoomora. The 
workshop will focus on lheshott papcr.lhe:csSlYcxam., and t.hcpro(aIOI' 
UI panter. SIudc.nlJ ... iII have theopportUl'lity to learn a wotd proc:c:uin. 
Iy, ..... SAA Sludenu .... _ially ............ 10 apply. Call F .... II 
Fortman at 5~ 1344 ror funbc:r inrormation Of an appointmetlt. Free. 

. :OOo. .... :.lOp.m.-OASIS Readin, and S.udy Sldll. C"' ... 011 ... 
one·ro-one Personal Assi5laRCe for Leaminl (PAL) conferenocs 10 Un-

prove: )'OUrwllsonlhefol)Owin'1Opic:s : timc::~nt.loaJ-Kttin .. 
project plannin, and orzaniurion for research. lecture noteHaklnJ,. lelr· 
book readin" )ftparin, for e:J;am5. and tesl-tak.in, sU'ltea,iel. PAL 
c:onrercnces are free and Ivailab&e by Ippointment For more inronnadon, 
calI5J4.7344 or SlOp by USB 4010. F .... 

8:000.m.-4:JOp.m.-leo OASIS Readin,and S,udy Skills help)'OII ohlS 
qUII1er with lime manaae:lllent. notc&atin" midltlTn preparation, and 
Icsl·lILina ltnte,ies. Su;,p by USB 4010 or call 334-7344 10 sel up I 
pc:nonal .ppomU1Xnt Abo-sUlY on the:: kM:*oul ror lhose valuable 
OASIS IIudy ""lis worksho!». Free . 

I:OOa.m...4:JOp.m.. Tue and Thu' 4:JOp..m..-I:00p.m.-The Lan,IUI.e 
Procram provtdei lS$i~aoce: to students ~hosc: native 1an,uap IS not 
En,lish and to lhose dotnl wort in J.panese. Spanish. French, German, 
Hebn:w. and Olhtt lan,UI&es. A dllcl105ti(; leI1 on written &slilh.., a 
second lan,Ul.Jc is .vailable on request. CtJI: 534·2284 for IT'IOft ,"for· 
mation. Student Center. BuUdllll A,1214. Free. 

Mon .·Thu.: IO:OO • • m •• I:OOp.m. FrL IO :OOI.m.·l:00p.m. Sun.: 
5:O&p.m.,I:00p.m.- ""'R£E IndividuaJ lulOrinl in IU lower dIVision 
maoh. biok>cY. chemi,,,>,, ECFJCSE. economics, phy.lcs, and selecocd 
upper dIvision ci.:J.S5CL. The OASIS Underaround is located II 12$4 
Oalbn.hh Hall. All SludenlS welcome! We want to help you. 12Sol 
G.lbrai.h H.II. Frtt. 

MONDAY, fEBRUARY 26 
1:30p.mA:OOp.rn.-DROP· IN ADVISING HOURS: For help findinC 
desirable patt'UI11e employment. dctermlRtnl C~ ,oaII, Kan,;hml ror 
jobs or expionnc professional 01 padulte school opportUnities. No 
appointmenl necessary. juJt walk· in. Caree:r ServtCCs Ccnler, free. 
J:oo".m.-THE MARKETABLE RESUME WORKSHOP I.cll11how 
10 COfI~' ~;ue-of·thc·att resume th;U WIll make you scand 001 from 
1he crololi'd C.utet Servi~ C'entt:r free 

TUESDA Y. fEBRUARY 27 

IO:OOa.m. -INTl:.RVIEWI~G <KILLS WORKSHOP Do)'Oll ..... 
help In prtpo.rinl fex job InleNiews"Calur ~J Cc.nlU "<11111 pnl"WK: 
Up' on the bell w.yi 10 prt\oCflt )U,r ~HahrM. .. t.on . .. OO "'hat llnd of 

ant~I'\IIC"" ql.l(\lKM'lS to c.t~I . Career SCI'\<~I Ctntct Free 

12:JOp.m.-ONCAMERA : PRAmCJNG I"I'TERVI£YtI"'G SKIU.S 
• Sh!ll"pen your InlCO'lcwme i~il\)' by secinl .nd hunn, ywuelr ()fl 
vklcoupe Rec:elYC fcedblck from other )Obseekel'1 In this JI'OUp work· 
shop. Prerequisite: Inluvie~,", Skills worbhop. Cartel' ServICe' Cen· 
ler. Fret. 
I : .lOp.m.-4:00".m.-DROP· IN ADVISING HOURS: For help rondln, 
desirable pan.lime employment. dc:lcnninin. c.arcc:r ,oajs, searchin, for 
joI>o or "plonn, prof.55iona1 or ..- ",hooI _.nloin, No 
appoin"", •• neorcory. jU51 walt ;.. ear- _ Centor. Floc. 

J:tIp. ... - lliE ACADEMIC UFE: FACULTY JOBS IN HIGHER 
EDUCA noN · 0.0 lite inside soory from .disoin,wt.locd flCUl.y purl ... 
what ii's like 10 work in • variety of cnvironmc:nu within Itademia. 
c-r Smilces Con ..... Free. 

. : ....... ·5:0Ip. .. -CSE 70 poop lUIorin, byGary Giliespi ••• OASIS 
ANNEX (Old _ ) every Tuesday and Thursday. Frw. 

WEDNESDAY. fEBRUARY 28 

l :tIp.m.- EARLYBIRD ON ·CAMPUS IN1EtVIEW ORIENTA-
TIONS . Ge •• j"""' ........ quaner·,........,..i....ww. byanondiooJ 
a mandatOf)' orienlalioft now. Carur Services CaMer. 

I:JIp._,..,. .. -OROf>.lN ADVISING HOURS: For r..lp rondlna 
cIesinbIe .... ·oimeeonploynoen._nina .......... teaIC .... for 
jobo or "pIorin, proIcaional oc pod .... "'hooI_n; .... No .... 
poinbnc:nt neceuary,jull walle-ln. Career ServkeI Center. Free. 

J :tIp. .. -GRADlJA11!SCHOOL INFORMAnON SESSION · How 
10"""" and """lyro.PII.D. and Ao:adanic:_', propwns. c.rc.r 
Scoviru Cenocr. 

4:tIp. .. -5,..,...- A .. yell _mcd1 Are yell an enrinecrio, majot7 
Nt your ICicncc:.COUI"IH Jivin, you I hint ... ? If any oflhe.IftIMn 10 
...... q_ U ya. ....... OASIS ' HowooSWdy lite N ...... S<1co<a 
Worbhop. YOI/'II be """ dill you dldl OASIS An..,., 

THURSDAY, MARCH 1 

1--.·l:Olp.-......Jc_ ~Cen_lnf ...... 
.... Tallie in Revelle Plaza. a.me and.-. Rabbi 0..., 
S_oa.coorOC .... Jew; .. ~Cen ..... IIUCSD. 
This is • "Y (() Je' inronMDon about Jewish life on 
carnpIII. 

1:3Op.oD. .. :_ .. -DROP·IN ADVISINO HOURS: 
For help liodin, drs i"bIe .... ·01"", empJoymron, ....... 
mWna CUft( lOlls, scarebin, fOl jobI or expktrinl ~ 
fasional or ......... I<hooI ~ No appoinI. 
menl neoeuary. j"sa waIk·in.. c.eer Servica Ccnllc:r. 
Foa. 

J:ta,.a.-IIOW TO INl1:RVIEW !'OR MEDICAL 
OR DENTAL SCHOOL· Whlloo _ in an iooIervIe>o 
and how 10.....,- for iL C--s..ioa C-, ...... 
....- ...... 

4:01p.-.-5:01p. .. -CSE 70 _ "*"" by Gary 
Oillapio •• OASIS ANNEX (Old _) .. .., 
Tuesday and Thursday. me. 

FRIDAY. MARCH 2 

9:30 La-EFFEC11VE JOB SEAROi S'I1tA11!GY. 
~oIalljob_IOW __ 'llUI-aIoop 
wll1_ )'OIIlIterllOll effecavr way .. '''''' _ c-r 
Servioa Con .... Foa. 

I :JOp.a.-4:OIp. ... -DROP-IN ADVISING HOURS: 
For help findUo, desirable pan·ti .... _mpIoymeooc. -...w.. CIMr 
pis, ...",hin, for jobs or .. plorin, proIessIooaI or p1Oduaoe _ 
oppomaaides. No appoinanenl ~,jusl walk· in. Caner Servk:n 

Cc:_r. F~ 

SATURDA Y. MARCH 3 

9:"I.I • . -J:00p.m.- IDENnFYING YOUR CAREER. An .U .... y 
worUhop 10 Identify vIab .. caroerOptionl duouJlt ex..""",, .. If· ...... • 
menl Career Services Center. SID.OO. 

LECfURES AND DISCUSSIONS 

MONDAY. FEBRUARY 26 

l;OOp.m.-Condoms. mmc:s, clitoris. cervi", cervical cap. Come hear 
many ocher frank "c" 'WOI"ds all binh conuol info ItUIon. Fellow saudtnl 
Hca11h Advoclacs wiJl diJtuss the advlrtlllCS. diudvanta,cs and proper 
uSile fOf .Jllhc laleSt methods. "C'" yl there. Student Heallh SeMces, 
2nd Ooor. 

7:00p.m.- lftlem;lDona.I Scc:umy in the Informadon Aie. Lc:c:um by 
Prof. Bill Drake. IllIemauonal Center. FI'tt. 

TUESDAY. fEBRUARY 27 
l :OOp.m.-Thcreonct WASI,UY n.med Larry, whom.ade it whh. lin 
named Tcrry,lhc: lhouJht it was a safe tlltle, and lcan'llhlnk ofa rhyme. 
but W JOIprcpantand now they're nwrlodl Come to. bir1hconltOl info 
session - be.fen h's toO laIC. Scudenl Heahh ScrvK:cs. 2nd. floor. 

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28 

I : OOp.nL-~ once 'Was I ,itt It Mudi Qru., wno lot really dNnk 
ILpp,n been tnl'ouah. 5tntw, lhou,h she wasn'l a prude. flO mIn 801 her 
nude:. because ir. nine months she didn't WlnltO ~w. maccrnity bra. If 
you wanlto pan)' corne to biMcornrol info session first. Siudent Health 

Servic.~ 2nd floor. 

THURSDA Y, MARCH 1 

I :09p.m.-CotIOft crotc~.loosc:rpanIS, not ckMK:hinl. and w{pln, rnPRl 
fronT to back lR way' 10 preVenllmlalina Infections You Cln le.tm OIhtr 
,,1tai.hI fOC"*ard mformatlon .bool Lnfecuon pre __ enuon. pap unean,.nd 
rcmaJc nuUluon a, il Well Woman Sctnon Scudtnt Health Sc.t"Vllcs, 2nd 
floor 

PHYSICAL FITNESS 

TUESDAY. fEBRUARY 27 

12:00p.m..2:00p.m.-Go onl Take .he FrTSTOP dlall.n,.' Se_ lou .. 
.oup yOU .. ally .,.,1 c.rl SJ4.IU4 oc $lop by S''''''n. Hc:ohh 10 m.ol.. 
your appointment for this FREE filllCss evaluation! 

WEDNESDA Y. FEBRUAR Y 28 
Jl:OOp.m.·l:IOp .... - H .... do)'OO 111<11 Hcahhyl F· I· T·S·T ·Q.P! Take 
advan",e of this FREE nine" evaJUlltkHl by "","n, 10 Student Health 
orca1Jin. 5)4...112410 mike an appoInunctrM. 

THURSDAY. MARCH 1 

I :OIp. .. ·J:OIp. ... - Jumpon lite bondw • .,., and .. ", up focyourFREE 
Ii_ev.loaaion. Tu_ advan .... OCFITSTOPanddo your body. f._I 
Make an appoinunent II StudeAt Heallh or CIII 534--1824. 

ORGANIZATIONAL MEETINGS 
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 28 

1--.-4: ..... - The Incl AcdYiries ~ has .. Inf ..... • 
.... Table up In R...,11e PJua. a.me 1IId .. & wi'" jewish _ .. _ 
Jewish life on campus and opponunides for vis.,lne!. 

7:01p.a.-The Col .... Demacroos are haYi .... meedn,. c..... and 
di", ... lite Issues Md ..... how 10 _ ;.voI .... In • poIiII<aI 
campai,nt Meet eandidala fOt StIle otfu lad dilCuu the issues wida 
fellow o.mD<IlI .. 1 Riverside Room • Pri<e C_. 

FRIDAY, MARCH 2 

J : ...... -4 ....... - Who: YOUI WII." DSU .-;",. W ..... : Gallery 
A. WIly: Boca ... _ lib yoo! Not 10 _ Dilabilily A_ 
W.k I'I-In .. Pri<c Ceo • • 2nd floor. 

!: ...... - Mualim S",d .. " ASIOCioDon General Mocdn, wiU be held;' 
!be Pri<:e 0et0ICr. Beotodcy Room. Everyone i. welcome. 

RECREATION 
THURSDAY. MARCH 1 
! :.s,.la.-1lIE llfURSDAY DINNER. Homemade food ......... 
_y, ~ by .... Calbollc SIUden. CommoNly II UCSD. 
Uruvc:nloy I.lIrIII:nn Church, CadtoJIc Loon ... CornrroCN. T .... y Pi .... 
ItId La Jolla S-, Drive. $2.00. 

RELIGIOUS FUNCflONS 

TUESDAY THROUGH SA TUJU>AY 

!: ...... -<:AllfOUC MASS. ~ by .... Caohollc SIIIdrM 
c:o.-u.y M UCSD. Uruvemoy Lo""""" Chun:h. Cornrr oCN. Tomy 
Pines and LA JoIII Shora Drive. 

TUESDA Y. FEBRUARY 27 

Il: ...... ·I: ... _W .. kly Torah llUdy ..... wioh Rabbi o.u, 
SIocnIck, _ oC lite Jewish Coonopaa c.-. II UCSO. All .. 
__ DIhls _. cIus.- .... weekly Bible portion IIUdiod by "'" 
Jewl .. .....ury. ~ Ma .... .... 

" ....... ·7:01p. .. - TRIED THE OTHERS? TIRED OF DOGMA? 
ntEN. JOIN US !'OR AN INFORMAL BIBLE RAP, ON ruESDA Y5 
FROM ~7 p.m. Uni"'" Campos Minil1ry __ 0p<II dilCllNioo 
_ • Biblical subje<L 11Us q_ ~ lOW IIudyioo,lIte Gosprl oC 
Mart. E...,....,i, .......... BId,. 102 MAAC,CampusMiniI1ryOll1cc. 

WEDNESDA Y, FEBRUARY 28 

5:01p. .. and 9:JOp.IIL-CaIholIc Mau wi'" di5lribulion oC ...... , 
Un.ivtnity l..uchre:ntn OIurth. 

':elp.on.-CaUin, all hunpy5l""'nlS. Dinnerl, ICrved by.r.. Lotheron 
COfIWIWnit), II UCSO. Brin, a friend ancVor meet a friend. UniVCRit)' 
Lv""""" 0I0uch. ICIOl.1Ite ...... from R.v.11c CoIieae. 

7:00p.m.--"2 Corinthians 12" j, the Bible StudYl0pic led by Clmpul 
Pastor John HUber. This is open 10 I lL University Lutheran Chureh.acFOSs 
the street rrom RCVi:lle CoUca:e:. 

7:JOp.m.-ASH WFDNESDAY Service will be III ecumenical Mus 
with Roman Catholic. Epi~, United Campus Ministry, and Lulheran 
particiPldOCl. Ashes will be disaib4.ued. buc mere will be no eucharist. 
Span""'" by.he Off",_ oC ReliaiW Affairs, UCSD. Info: 334-2321. 
Universit), Lutheran Church. QlhoIie Loon&e. 

' :JOrp.na.-CANOLEUGHT MASS. A quiet, meditldve lime. for sher· 
In, whhothcB. Sponsored by theCalttolic Student Communil)' II UCSD. 
University Lutheran Church.. comer or N. TorTeY Pmes and La JoU. 
Shore. Dr. 

THURSDA Y. MARCH 1 

7:JOp ..... - Biblc Study-Epi!K:OptJ(;ollcpSlude:nls, WeckJy Biblestud), 
and monthly events. Inro: Fr. Bill Mahedy. 565·6661. St. Elizabeth's 
Church. 2825 Menon Avc .• S.D. 

7: JOp.oa.-SlBlESnJDY:Joinwiohmrm ..... ofIlteCa.hoIIcCommoo· 
nhy for reflecl"," ancJ tharin& .boul the upcomin, Sunday Scripcura. 
Univmhy Lutheran Church., comer of N. TOfT'Cy Pines and La Jolla 
Shore, Dr. 

FRIDAY. MARCH 2 

7: 00p.m.-SHABBAT SERVICE and din .. r wioh One .. S ......... oc· 
pnize .. arm and intimate Shlbbal ceJ~blalions Manckvllle Suhc, lop 
floor. Free. 

SUNDAY. MARCH 4 

8:00a.m.. .nd IO:8Oa.m.-EpIKopa! Chlolrt:h Wonhlp Sc ..... i« . Sundly 
EuchariSt and pari,h kllow hlp Good S.man •• n Episcopal Church. 
4321 ea..p .. Mall. 
8;JOa ,m.--{;ATHOLIC MASS Spon50red by .he C •• holo< S.udc:n. 
Communtly It LeSO. Unl ... cr~t)' I..uWrJn Chu~h.L'OI"nerof N TOITeY 
Pines and La JolI.l Shora Dr. 

IO:OOo.m.- LUTHERAN WORSHIP Uni.mily l,uoh ... n Church. 
OCrosJ the street from Revelle: Coikac. 

5:00p.m.-CATHOI. IC MASS. SponlOR<l by .he Caoholoc S.udc:n, 
Community at UCSO. UnIVersity Lutheran Church\ corner of N. Torrey 
Pi ..... nd La JoII. Shores Dr, 

': ..... ~THOI.lC MASS. Sponsorod by lite Caohollc S • .-
Common;,y II UCSD. U,.; ...... y Lollte". Ch.",h. comer 01 N. Tomy 
PIMI .... La Jolla _ Dr. 

Monday, February 26, 1990 

Books 
Continued from page 8 
granted the mark of a true ac-
ademian at a first class university." 

The onl y thing that disappointed 
Saltman about the nutrition books 
was his lack of authority over many 
choices involved with the produc-
tion of the books. 

For example, Saltman stated he 
would have preferred a better title 
for The California Nurririon Book, 
and he would have liked it to be put 
out in paperback so that it would be 
cheaper and more accessible to 
people, 

Communications Professor 
Michael Schudson has written three 
books since 1976, and has three 
more that he is presently working 
on. one of which will be published 
later this year. 

He claimed he authors news-
media books because he likes to 
write. 

Schudson also teaches classes 
and writes his books simultane-
ously. 

He explained that he works on 
books all the time. yet he makes 
the most progress on them when he 
is not teaching. 

The primary audience for his 
books are students, fellow histori-
ans, and journalists, although he is 
aware that "none of them [his 
books) are going to make the New 
York Times best seller list." 

Schudson claims that writing 
books is not profitable enough to 
live off of, but " it will pay for a 
family vacation." 

He also believes that while most 
professors in the country never 
publish a book, the ones that do 
(with the exception of textbook 
writers) hardly ever see most of the 
money they have earned. 

Although most writers have 
little control over their book's 
design, Schudson has veto power 
over the title and design cover of 
his book as a result of the experi-
ence he has gained from the past. 

The UCSD Guardian 

The Uhimate Cut! 
~ ~~ rd a fuOe F' wodd' ftend 
fo Q4f, ~ l.aa cut. ~ 
puo&y ku;. ".tajI~ rd ~". ~~. 

.......... lVIIen's Cuts .......... $4 OFF 

. . ~ 
..~.. 1 

With This Ad Reg. $21.00 

Women's Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $26.00 

with selecled stylisls 

*PRICES INCLUDE 
graphic cut, shampoo,conditioning 

and professional styling 

457-3334 
8B43 Viii, La JolI, Drive 

ORGAN I ZE 
f'f" V.'-'M./ (J,.. ,,,,tI ,,;.. 
".,. ilt,.e 

,-.ttM? 
,f-., A".,. SJU6JO OICAN/lil 

ASH 

WEDNESDAY 

SERVICES 

FEATURES 13 

Computers 
LA JOLLA 

UCSD SPECIAL DISCOUNT 
I .. CLUDES: 

----
----
- ----
---
- - ---
- - ----
-------_.-

. 2 DRIVES 

.640 MEMORY 
PRINTER 

• 1·YR. WARRTY COMPATIBLE $795 
• SOFTWARE Complete System 

Anything 
you need CALL 454-5544 

Ouantll,es limited 

1110 Torrey Pines Road, Suite A 
La Jolla, CA 92037 _:Em Financing & Leasing ~Y1i1able 

Your Decision. }Our Choice. 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immediate 

Test Results 
• Pregnancy 

Termination 
• General or Local 

Anesthesia 
• Affordable 

Birth Control 
• Student Discount 

11te College Line 
535-1379 

Q;r;t It ' ~aCOICf 
Family Plannritg 

Associates 
Medical GroliP 

Join the Catholic 

Community at UCSD 

and the Catholic 

Student Community 

as we mark the 

beginning of Lent. 

Get the REAL facts on travelling independently 
through Europe--including Eastern Block coun-
tries--from experts, Staff from Council Travel 
who have travelled extensively themselves will 
discuss tips on student/youth discounts, airfares, 
rail travel, accommodations, hostels, travel gear, 
guidebooks, visas, currency and give their own 
money saving advice. 
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7, 1990 

6-lpm 
Masses with distribution of ashes: 

at THE UCSD PRICE CENTER 
COVE ROOM 

lot' ",.,. IlIIotmlltloll, all 

CDuncil Ttau8I 
Alncrla',,,,. .. MIl,.".., """ 1nJHI."..IIIloII' 

451·0630 

1 2 NOON in the Ballroom of the Price Center 
5 and 9:30 p.m. at the University Lutheran Church, 
corner of North Torrey Pines Road and La Jolla Shores Drive 

Ecumenical Service with distribution of ashes: 
7:30 p.m, at the University Lutheran Church 



14 SPORTS 

Rult!s and Regulations: 
o Send the entry 011 a1l8112" by 

1 /" sheet of paper along with your 
name, year in school. hometown, 
col/ege YOIl attend at UCSD, ma-
jor, address, and phone number to 
Sports Editor, UCSD Guardian, 
8 -016, La Jolla , CA 92093. You 
can also drop it off ill the sports 

editor's box at the Guardian of 
/ice. located on the secondf/oor of 
the Old StudentC enter, acrossfrom 
the gym. 

• All UCSD students, staff, and 
faculty are eligible to enter, except 
for Guardian staff members and 
employees of B}'s Chicago Pizze-
ria. 

o The person who comes up with 
the most correct entries, as deter-
mined by the judges, will be de-
clared the grand prize willner and 
will be recognized when the quiz is 
printed the following week. In the 
event of a tie , a drawing will be 
held to determine the grand prize 
winner. Those correct entries not 
selected as the grand prize winner 

The UCSD Guardian 

will be considered runners-up. 
• Only one entry per person, 

per week. Entries must be at the 
Guardian by 5 p.m. on Saturday. 

• The grand prize winner will 
receive rwo$5 giftcertijicatesfrom 
Bl's. Runners-up can obtain afree 
pitcher of either M icl,elob Draft or 
soda when dining at B}'s Chicago 
Pizzeria, located in La lolla Vi/-
lage Square. 

This week's questions: 
1. What were skiing's Giant Sla-

lom Mahre twins frrst names? 
2. L.A. Rams player Ron Brown 

competed in the 1984 Olympics in 
what spon? 

3. True or false: Jesse Owens is 
trying to make a comeback. 

4. How many gold medals did Carl 
Lewis earn in the 1984 Olympics, and 
what events did he win them in? 

S. Who coached the West team in 
the recent NBA All-Star game? 

6. Who holds the world record in 
the long jump? 

7. Steffi GrafwasA)3 B)8 C) 13 
D) 17 when she made her professional 
debut in women's tennis. 

8. The triathlon consists of three 
physical activities. What are they? 

9. True or false: Mark Spitz is 
trying to make a comeback. 

10. Which three Tritons quaJified 
this past weekend for the National 
track meet? 

Last week's answers: 
1. Crunch 
2. The Mirage 

Monday, February 26,1990 

3. Cassius Clay 
4. Muhammad Ali 
S. Dan Forsman 
6. D) Sweden 
7. D) Golden Gate Fields 
8. A) Muhammad Ali and 

Joe Frazier 
9. False: He won it five times 
10. Greg Kamansky and 

Tom Wight 

Last week's winner: 
Matthew Coates 
Senior, Warren 
Communications 
San Bruno, CA 

Runners-up: 
John Davey, Ezra Felker, 
Kelly Fuchino, Heath Horton, 
Randy Silver 

Only for student American Express® Cardmembers. 
Apply for the American Express~ Card. 
Then get ready to take off. In search of 
adventure, action-or just simply to escape. 

American Express and Northwest 
Airlines have arranged these extraordinary 
travel privileges on Northwest-exclusively 
for student Cardmembers: 
• CERTIFICATES VALlO FOR THE PURCHASE 
OF TWO $))8 ROUNDTRlPTICKETS- to many 
of the more than 180 cities in the 48 contig-
uous United States served by Northwest. 
Each certificate is good for a six· month 
period, and they will arrive within six 
-weeks after you receive the Card. Current 
Cardmembers will automatically receive 
their $118 certificates by March 15, 1990 
provided they are still full time srudents~ 

.10% OFF ANY NORTHWESf FLIGHT- with 
your own personalized discount card, valid 
throughJanuary 1991 on all Northwest and 
Northwest Airlink flights. (Thjs discount 
is not applicable to the $118 student 
certificates and other certificates, 
promotional or special status airfares.) 
• 2,500 BONUS MILES TOWARDS FREE TRAVEL-
when you enroll in Northwest's WorldPerks~ 
Free Travel Program. 

AND NOW BECOMING A CARDMEMBER 
IS AS EASY AS A TELEPHONE CALL. 

Just pick up the phone, call 1-800-942-
AMEX, and talk to us. We'll take your 
application and begin to process it 
immediately. (If you have your banking 
information handy, like your account 
number and bank address, it will help 

APPLY TODAY 

1-800-942 ~AMEX 

speed the process.) 
Keep in ntind that our Automatic 

Acceptance Program makes it easier for 
you to become a Cardmember now, as a 
student, than it will ever be again. 

And remember that as a Cardmem-
ber you'll enjoy all the exceptional benefits 
and personal service you would expect from 
American Express. 

So don't ntiss out on a world of great 
experiences. Pick up the phone. Apply for 
the Card. And start packing! 

~ 
NORTIIWEST 

AI RUNES 
Olf you an: already. student American Eapcess Cardmrmber.nd ha"". question about this JII'OIInm, pIcuc send your wrinrn question, I copy d JOUr studtnt lD.nd class schalulr 10: Amcdcan Eapms, p.o. Ball 35029. 
AIm: SIudeot Marlcctill3, GrttnSboro. NC 27425 .. ~ is for roundtrip ~~ on Northwest Airlines. TlCktts DWSI lit purchucd within 24 houn ,(11:, maltill3 ~ions. Fua an: IIOnIIefundIbIc and no itiftCl'II)' chanaes 
lIllY be made af1I:r purchase. Seats at thl$ rue are limited and may (II)( lit .YliIabIc when you caU. Travd must ori&illllC by cenifKMt expiration da!r .nd be complell:d within 60 clays d dill daIle. Tmd may IlOl be ~ 
bctwtcn cities to which North~ does not line pubIisbed routinAS. City fuel surcharscs not incllllkd in fan: from 800UJn ('BO). Chic..., (55.00). ne.-r ($2.00) and florida citieI ($2.00). Urtaln blackout dun and 
other ~ctions may apply. Forcompletr ~deuiJs. caU 1-800-942·AMEX. et990 American Express1'rnetlklalrd xmcn Compeny, Inc. 

THE AMERICAN EXPRESS· CARD. FOR STUDENTS MORE THAN EVER . 

Monday, February 26, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Men's Lacrosse Edged 10·8 In First Loss 
By MA 17 RASBAND 
Guardian Rtporter 

A nine goal outburst in the sec-
ond half propelled the University 
of Arizona's men's lacrosse team 
to a 1 ()"8 victory over UCSD on 
Saturday. In the process, U of A 
ended the Tritons' bid for an unde-
feated season. 

The Tritons got off to a quick 
start, scoring three unanswered 
goals in the first quarter. Midfielder 
Chris Hodge started off the scor-
ing when he crossed in front of the 
goal and threw the ball past the 
Wildcat goalie. 

Junior midfielder Juan Millan, 
who wound up with four goals and 
an assist, ~n scored two of those 
goals in just over three minutes. 

By the end of the first half, 
UCSO held a 4-1 lead and ap-
peared headed for its seventh vic-
tory in as many gal nes. 

But the second h \If was a dif-
ferent story. Arizcna was able to 
penetrate the Trit(ln defense with 
nine goals, including five in the 
final quarter, while UCSO could 
manage only four. 

"We just ran out of gas," Co-
Head Coach liruce Seitz said. 
"I\rizonadidn'tgive up when they 
w{ redown. I guess they just wanted 
it more than us." 

One of the turning points in the 
game occurred when midfielder 
Brad Bunten was penalized for 
illegal bodychecking. The referee 
said that Bunten hit the Arizona 

player from behind. Triton coaches 
were obviously upset with the call . 

"The calls were bad for both 
sides, but a few key calls dido't go 
our way," Seitz said. 

The loss dropped UCSO's rec-
ord to 6-1. Seitz, however, was not 
too concerned with the loss. 

"We can work hard in practice this 
week and rebound against Whit-
tier. If we win against them, this 
loss will be forgonen." 

Last year, Whittier knocked the 
Tritons out of the postseason tour-
nament in the second round. On 
Saturday, UCSO will host Whit-
tier in a 1:00 

Arizona stuck it to the Tritons and Sven Haynie Saturday, 10-8, 
ending UCSO's bid for consecutive undefeated seasons. 

SPORTS 15 

UCSD Xtramural Club Sports ... 
MIll MIl 
C,cUna Criteriwn at UCSB 
Lacroue (M) WIIITI1ER 
Lacrosse (W) at ASU & U. of Arizona 
Rugby at Cal State Fullerton 

lax 
Sat./Sun. 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Saturday 

lime 
TBA 
1:00 p.m. 
All Day 
TBA 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

FOR GOD'S SAKE .•• 

;~~ SACRIFICE! 
lb flO tOI'th end pruch ••. 
And preach we do; through word, 
television, radio, The Paulist Press 
and the performing arts ... in the cit-
ies, on the campuses, at downtown 
centers. 

Jb flO tOI'th entI ",.". "..,. ••. 
Seek out the lost, the alienated, 
thoee cut off from the Church. Oftef 
them a time of Grace, a community, 
a sense of peacefulness amidst the 
turmoil . 

Jb flO Io#fIt entI ... ~ •• 
Reach out to other Christian tradi· 
tions, find the touchstones of faith 
and work toward a common vision 
of One Church; to foster our unique 
spiritual kinship with the Jewish 
people and a greater understanding 
and sensitivity of other world 
religions. 

The 
PrJulirt 
Fathers 

\I )IOU think this sacrifice is WOIth it, then call! The Paulists at 
1-100-235-3411. Or write Fr. John F. Duffy. C.S.P. . Paulial Fathers 
\Oc:atIon Office 415 W. 59th 51. New 'rbft<, NY 10019 

s UDENT CENTER 

• 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

Clus/fled Idvertlalng la sold In 15-
word Inerementa. The rete per 15 
worda Is 51 for students, $3 for f8c:u1ty 
and ataff, and $4 for o'hers. Paymen, 
In edvanea la required; 'herefora, 
ada must ba mailed whh a cheek 
(made payable to The UCSD 
Guardian) or preHnted In person. 
PIeaH have exact change. Deadlines 
are 3 p.m. Thursday lor Monday's 
paper and 3 p.m. Monday for 
Thursday's paper. The GuardIan 
reserves the rIght '0 refuse any 
advertising Including but not limited 
to companionship ads. For more 
Information call 534-5416. The 
Guardian, UCSD, B-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth, education, prayer, socializing. 
Connect with Union 01 Jewish Students! 
502 Matthews; east of the Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534·2521 . (114·31 
12) 

WORD PROCESSING, term papers, 
experienced dissenation, 7 days a 
week, 4.0 English Skills, references. 
755-2683. (215-3112) 

Third College Town Meeting. Mon., Feb. 
26th at 7 p.m. in Ocean View Lounge. 
Facuhy, staff, students and alumni are 
inllited to discuss the merits 01 the 
lIarious name change proposals . 
Refreshments will be served. (2120-21 
26) 

ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT -
FISHERIES. Earn $600+/week in 
cannery, $8000 - $12,000 + for two 
months on fishing vessel. Over 8,000 
openings. No experience necessary. 
Male or female . For 68·page 
employment booklet, send $6.95 to M&L 
Research, Box 84008, Seattle , WA 
98124 - 30 day, unconditional, 100% 
money back guarantee. (2120-315) 

WANT TO STUDY IN AUSTRALIA OR 
TH E U. K. ? Maet with a representatille 
of BUTLER Unillersity's Study Abroad 
Program. When? Monday, Feb. 26, 
1 I :30 , 4:00. Where ? International 
Center Opportunities Abroad Office. (21 
22·2126) 

SKI Sun Valley with R ISCI Spring Break 
$349, tix at Box Office, almost sold oull 
(2122-3/1 ) 

United Way of S.D. needs interns 
Interested in special ellents, media 
relations, and writing ASAPI Contact 
ACIO at 534-4689. (2126) 
The North County Entertainer 
Newspaper needs an assl. editor intern 
ASAP! Contact ASIO at 534-4689. (21 
26) 
Hewlett Packard and NCR are accepting 
electrical engineering Interns for 
summer intership. Competitive, so apply 
immediatelyll Final materials due by 
March 9 . Contact AS 10 at 534-4689. (21 
26-311 ) 
AUSTRALIA WORK PERMITSI Only 
100 available nationwide I Applications 
available at International Center's 
Opportunities Abroad Office. (2126) 

Full Set .................. $17.95 reg. $25 
Ails ........................ $11.95 reg. $15 
Aberglass ............. $28,95 r\l9. $35 
ManlcurtolPtdleura $14,95 reg. S18 
Aberglass fin ........ $14.95 reg. $20 
Silk Wrap ............... $24.95 reg. $30 

~2.00 oft any new repai!J 
Firsl-bma clients only • Expres 3112190 

1231 Gamet, PacHio Beech 
274-8205 

(between Fanuel & Everts) 
Walk-ins wvIcomt· Mon.-$at. 9 a.m-7 p.rn. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Rell8!le's BA TILE of the BANDS. Friday 
March 2, 9 p.m. in Rellelle Caf. $1 
admission. (2126-311 ) 

Calbio Chem. needs laboratory 
technician interns ASAPI Chemistry, 
Biochemistry majors preferred. Contact 
ASIO at 534-4689. (2126) 

UCSD Saili ng Team Meeting 
Wednesday Feb. 28, 6 p.m. in Ree. 
Conf. Room. REMEMBER CLEANING 
SATURDAY. (2126) 

VIDEO RENTALS now available at 
University Bookstore. Low Prices , large 
selection, and NO membership fees l 
(2126) 

Sahaj a Yoga meditation . Learn 
techniques to heal the body, harness 
the mind, gille joy to the spirit. Price 
Center , Santa Barbara Room . 
Wednesdays 7 p.m. Details: 271 -4983 
(evenings). (2126) 

REVELLE BARGAIN BOOKS, now has 
a book list for Spring quarter. BUY LOW 
SELL HIGH. (2I26-3/1) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari Electrologist, I 200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-
1962. (114·3112) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wail. 
Xeroxes and more. Near SI. Germains. 
452·9949. (10/9-3112) 

TYPINGlWORD PROCESSING. One 
Day Service. Free Editing. $1 .75 per 
page. Call Ann 229-9119. (1122-3112) 
Professional theatrical and commercial 
headshots in studio. 72 shots for $60. 
Guaranteed l Also , portfolios, 
composites and on location sports and 
modeling photography. UCSD students 
call 587-4874. "Hot Shots" studio on 
Gilman Dr. (1129·2130) 
EXAMINE YOUR LIFE in brief 
psychotherapy. Affordable Betty 
Ughtstone JlLCS8727. Call 232· 1251 . 
(211-2126) 
Wanted: 30 people to lose up to 251bs. 
in 30 days while earningl Anne 279-
4265. (215-2126) 
TYPINGl!ll'litypeyourtermpapersetc. 
quickly and inexpensively. Laser printer. 
Call Jennifer: 558-6090. (2112-3112) 
WORD PROCESSING - NEXT TO 
UCSDI Resumes, term papers, 
manuscripts, letters, laser printed. Call 
Marsha 535-8260. (2112-311) 
WORD PROCESSING, TERM 
PAPERS, EXPERIENCED 
DISSERTATIONS, seven days a week, 
4.0 English skills, references. 755-2683. 
(2115-415) 
Polish yourprosel Editing, proofreading, 
expert word processing. Merilee 's 
Editorial Services. 277-9229 after 3 p.m. 
(2120-311 ) 
Typinglword processing. Term papers, 
theses, resumes. Good work, good 
ratea. Near UCSD. Barbara, 453·0592. 
(2126-3112) 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr, 

Typing/Word Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, papers, theses, letters, 
resumes. Fast serveie. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (2126-3/12) 

Typing/Word ProceSSing. Fast turn 
around. Any size. Pick up and deliVery. 
Call Sandy. 755-4316. (2126-311) 

WANTED 
Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the effects of alcohol. If you 
are a UCSD student or non-academic 
staff , American born male of entirely 
Japanese, Chinese, or Korean descent, 
call Scripps Clinic and Research 
Foundation for more information, 554-
2192. (1/4-3112) 

MALE MODELS - wanted for part. or 
full ·time employment. No experience 
necessary. Not a scheme. no fees 
charged - ever! Top fees paid. Fun, 
well-paid opportunities. flexible hours. 
For details without obligation, send 
sample photo(s) (amateur OK): Inter 
Pboto, box 2893, La Jolla CA, 92038. 
(2112·2126) 

Wanted: Practice Bass Guitar Amp. 
Must be in good condition. Call Shltla 
at 558-3768. (2115·2126) 

Wanted: part-time cashierldell helper. 
$5.OOIhr., Flexible hours. Call Jerry 455-
1414. (2115·2126) 

WANTED: 75 people seriously 
interested in losing weight. Get paid for 
il. Call Lynn 569-5298. (2120-311) 
Wanted: 80 over weight people -
seriously Interested In losing 25 be. in 
30 days. Earn $$$ while losing 
guaranteed I Anne 279-4265. (2122·31 
15) 
Drummer wanted: Energetic originals 
band playing a musical mixture of ska, 
funk, reggae, rock? all swirted together 
seeks versatile and tireless drummer. 
Call Jon Cohen 270-2915. (2122-311) 
Make $12 an hour, assemble prod. in 
your homel Call (619)221-7805. (2122-
3/1 ) 
Summer management internship 
interviews now taking place. Gain 
valuable experience managing a tearn 
01 employees, customers, and suppliers. 
Successful applicants undergo 
extensive training. Average earnings 
$6-10,000. Call ·Student Painters" 1-
800-426-6441. (2122-315) 
Part-time offICe help. Need responsible 
person lor data entry, appointment 
scheduling, misc. otIicework. Computer 
experience helpful. Flexible hours, easy-
going atmoaphere. Frve minutes from 
campus. $7.50-9.00lhr. Jim, 558-6263. 
(2126) 
DRUMMER AVAILABLE. Grad student 
seeks experienced band or bass player. 
Jon 552·8572. (2126) 
Like to party andIor have fun? We need 
a ROOMMATE I Own room in Del Mar. 
$33O/mo. + 113 util. Ask for Alicia. 259-
2017 (males or females). (2126) 
Experienced umpires needed for Spring 
Uttle League. Excellent pay. Call Bryan 
450-9578. (2126) 

.Copler. 
.La ser -Prin ter. 

Cartridge ReCharging 

TONERS: S5~tlc 
(Black/Color Toners ,n Bulk) 

-Video C\Sse1le&: 5?9 - 599 
( lIow to Rechl"", Seal, Etc.) 

COPIERS 
·Cano nPc. SharpZSO/1O. XeroxI012 ..... 
LASt:lR PRINTERS 
'liP, Apple, Canon, Rlcoh, 18M. Etc. 

TURK Toner Products 
(619) 144-5664 

English majors • need work until the 
New Yorker takes your story? We have 
a job for you in the publishing and 
printing field. Located in nearby North 
County. Call 744-0910 and ask for 
Kevin. Mention this ad. (2126-3/1) 

ARE YOU ALLERGIC TO POLLENS, 
ANIMALS OR DUST? NEEDED NOW: 
Males with allergies or hay-fever, aged 
18-35 for a FREE brief study of a new, 
very long-lasting , safe allergy 
medication. (619)277-2740. (2126-3/8) 

FOR SALE 
Futon: beautiful color, special frame, 
unused. $95, can deliver. Also queen 
bed never used. 284-6222. (1125·2126) 

Get ready for the summerl f-'orsche 
914. red, SOW stereo, new tires, new 
dutch, $2300 o.b.o.; Yamaha vision, 
55Occ, looks new, runs great, low 
mileage, $1000 o.b.o. 272-3416Ieall8 
message. (2115-311) 
1988 Mltsubishi Precis • xlnt. cond, 
non-smoker, 5 spd. AC, AM·FM 
cassette, 30-35 MPG, $4200 o.b.o., 
487-2639 eves. (2120·2126) 

X-Cel wetsuit. M-L $50, call 558-7406. 
(2122·311) 

Reliable System: Zenith Z-159 XT-
Comp; 64()..K; 2-disk drives; monitors: 
RGB color and high-res amber; Fast 
Epson LX·800 printer; 1200 baud 
modem; watch, softwares (with 
manuals): Fortran • 4.0, QuickBaslc -
4.0, WordPerfect. $8SO.00 o.b.o. caJt 
587·8854. (2126-311) 
Nissen Sentra '83. Excellent condition, 
AlC, AMlFM cassette, hatchback, 
sunroof, 98K, $2600, 450-1712 
evenings. (2126-311) 
Guitar: Kramer Focus 6000. Seymour 
Duncan picups, Floyd Rose, $250. 
Fender Amp, $45. Brennan, 558-6374. 
(2126) 
North Face Extreme Gear Jacket, Gore-
tex, medium, RyVNvy, $85.00. John 
558-7406. (2126-311) 
Kenwood KDG-80, CD Player for car, 
pull-out chassis, new sleeve, ask for 
Antony, 587-1932, $300. (2126-315) 
A 1 Futon and Frame $95. Nearcampus. 
Can deliver. 268-0814. (2128-419) 
Kenwood KRC-757, pull~ AMIFM 
cassette player, good condo Original 
sleeve, ask for Antony,587·1932,$250. 
(2126-311) 
1985 Honda Elite Deluxe l5Occ. Red. 
Runsgreeat,depend8ble,SI000o.b.o. 
578-2158. MuatHiIi (2128-311) 

HOUSING 
La Jolla house for rent, Spring quarter 
April 1 - June 30. 3 bedroom, 1 314 
baths. Completely furnished, wId, 
microwave, dishwasher. 5 minute walk 
from UCSD, 15 minutes from Blacks 
beach. Fenced yard. $l500/month, 
$1500 security deposit. Call Ann or 
David, 534-6104(w), 546-7602(h). (21 
12-311) 

Lillick & McHose 
Law Finn 

If you are interested in 
subletting your furnished 
apartment or have a room 

to rent from May to August, 
please cal1 Tammy at 

544-3132 or 234-5000. 

Monday, February 26, 1990 

Summer sublet wanted. UCLA Law couple. 
Bobbie - day (213)206·1953. Joe ·eves. 
(213)391·2558. (2115-3112) 
MAKE YOUR MOVE I Female wanted to 
rent own room in 3 bedroom house. 
Beautiful Tierrasanta location , tennis 
courts and pool! $325/mo + 113 utilities. 
Available now; 560·5602. Sandra or 
Wendy. (2120·2126) 
Roommate wanted : malelfemale. non-
smokong to have own furnished room in a 
large 4 bedroom, two· story townhouse 15 
minutes from UCSD. In·house washerl 
dryer, cable TV, pool and jacuzzi. Very 
clean with all amenities. A must seell 
$310/mo. no utili ties. Call Steve at 271-
6811 . (2120-2126) 
Own room & bathroom, new house, 10 
minutes to UCSD, fire place, laundry, 
garage, $35OImo. Lealie message. 549-
0931 . (2120-2126) 
Roommates wanted. Near beach, UCSD, 
bus. Great view. No smoking, drugs. $3501 
mo. includes utilities. 454·4379. (2122·21 
26) 

Room for RENTI SOO yards from campus 
In large CcHd, AlI·student house. Prillste 
pool, fireplace, washer/dryer. Available 
March 1 sl. $3SO/mon + 1/6 utilities. CaN 
Sandra 4S7-m7. (2126-313) 
Female roommate wanted. Share master 
bed. La Jolla Condo across from UTC. 
$200/mo + 1/4 utils. 457·3854. (2126) 
Large Bedroom for 2 males, completely 
furnished for two, share kitchen, bath, 
$295.00 ea util. Incl. Quiet, no smoker5. 
422-0439. (2126) 
Wanted: clean, non-smoklng female for 
own room In Mission Beach. Available 
Spring Quarter. Call 488-2744. (2126-311) 
Male roommalll wanted. Own bedroom. 
$255+ l/3utilltiea. 7 minutes from UCSD. 
535-9729. Anne/Mllce. (2126) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Lost: Brown leather jacket on 2115 in HSS 
t33O. $REWARDS Call535-Q840. (2122-
2126) 

PERSONALS 
Att.ntIon: Triton Yearbook Staff Is looking 
forenthUlias1lcpeople forour photography 
and darkroom staffs. If Interested, come 
to meetings on Wednesdays 8:00 p.m. or 
caJl534-7491 and lealle a message.(211-
2126) 
CABO SAN LUCAS SPRING BREAK -
AprIt 10-14, $346.00 double occupancy, 
Includes hotel, air, etc. PROFESSIONAL 
TRAVEL 481-12&4. (211·2126) 
Single Magazine· what·wIlen-where - in 
San DIego, $1 aample issue. Box 5682, 
San DIego. (2122-311) 
VtDEO RENTALS now allailable !It the 
University Bookstore. Low PrIces, large 
selection, and NO membership feesl (21 
26) 
Jostens Rep at Bookstore next -I<. 
Monday-Wednesday from 10:00 to 3:00 
p.m. Your UCSD ring on sale. (2126) 
AOPi • the best bunch of girts I know I 
You're all the GREATESTI Monique. (21 
26) 
Hey Battar Up - thanks Phi Kappa Thets 
for a major league time. Love, &g Kaps. 
(2126) 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

« \ I I I " I II{" I 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 

Monday, February 26,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Women's Basketball Downed Twice, Finishes 13-12 

Tritons Shut Out in Season Finales 
By SRlNATH SANDA 
Guardia" Reporter 

Last week, the UCSD women's basketball team 
secured a winning season when it escaped with a 64-
63 victory over Redlands. 

The Tritons needed the win because this past 
weekend they lost their final two games, 81 -64 to Cal 
State San Bernardino and 84-74 to Cal Lutheran, to 
wind up with an overall record of 13-12. 

On Friday night, the Tritons played host to 23-3 
San Bernardino, a Division III powerhouse. CSUSB, 
which is currently fielding one of its best teams ever 
and is canying a 22-game win streak, ventured into 
the UCSD Main Gym as probably the best Division ill 
team in California. 

The Tritons employed various dcfenses, but the 
Coyotes always seemed able to counter anything 
UCSD could throw at them. 

"We would try using a zone, but then they would 
just go outside. When we went man-looman, they 
would beat us inside,"Triton Head Coach Judy Malone 
remarked. 

The Tritons, however, managed to stay close and 
trailed only 43-34 at halftime. 

In fact, at the start of the second half, the Tritons 
noticeably increased the pace of the game and man-
aged to shave the Coyotes ' lead to just two points at 
53-51. 

SPORTS 17 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISIS~ 

WFVE GOJ 
TIl CUIfI 

novelty Items. gift wrapplag • baIJooas • gRdiag card5 

4.305 La Jolla Village Drive 
(next to Carlos Murphy's) 

45.3-9993 
OreN DAILY 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! \ 

1: 
\ ...... 

.< 

HOURS: 11-10:30 &In.-Thurs. 
11-1 1 Fri. & Sat. 

LA JOLlA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd., Ste. 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) "\ . '1' .'. "" ":"'0 1II .... ol 

.~ 

; 

1-

--------------------

" We picked up the tempo in the second half be-
cause that is our style of play," Malone said. "We were 
playing a slower tempo in the first half to slow down 
San Bernardino because they are a fast break team." 

The Coyotes, however, answered the Tritons ' 
challenge with a 19-3 run and subsequently recorded 
their 22nd victory in a row. 

I Buy any small, medium, or large frozen yogurt and get I 

~..o...-~ -----': $1 OFF ! 
Senior Nancy Caparaz CIO:~asO~~~~~~;~~ I Exp. 3/4/9O the second yogurt ...I 
career as the Tritons' all-time assist leader. L - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - --

Second-leading scorer Kathleen Alvarez led UCSD 
in scoring with 14 points to finish the season averag-
ing 10 points per game. Sophomore Carl Young, the 
Tritons' leading scorer and rebounder, pulled down 
six boards. She averaged 15 points and 8.5 rebounds 
for the season. 

Saturday's matchup with Cal Lutheran was similar 
to the San Bernardino game, as the Regals handled the 
Tritons' defensi ve schemes by shooting well over 50 
percent from the field. 

At halftime, the Tritons already trailed by 12 points, 
43-31. 

Cal Lutheran exploded in the second half and, at 
one point, extended its lead to a commanding 27 
points. 

Where in the world 
can you study 

Art History at the Louvre? 
Economics at the OECD? 

French at the Comedie 
Fran~aise? 

Located in the center of Paris, The American University 
of Paris offers American undergraduate programs to over 
1,000 students from 65 countries. AUP combines a solid 
American liberal arts curriculum with the unlimited 
cultural resources of Paris and Europe. Students ~eceive 
unique training in foreign language skills and solid 
preparation for international careers. 

Undergraduate B.A. and B.S. degree programs: 
• Art History • French Studies 
• Comparative Literature • International Affairs 

"At that point I just put in all of our first-year 
players so they could get some experience. They were 
able to pul1 us to within 15," Malone said . 

Time ran out on the Tritons' rally and their season 
as they lost, 84- 74. 

The 13-12 record in what has been considered a re-
building year, however, left Malone optimistic. HI am 
satisfied with this season. We were young, with only 
six returning players and only two of those starters. 

AMERICAN 
UNIVERSITY 

~IFPARII 

• Computer Science • International Business 
• European Cultural Studies Administration 

• International Economics 

Special Programs: 
Institute for French Studies in Paris (Fall 1990) 
Summer Session Gune 18· July 27,1990) 
All classes taught in English. 
Four,year, transfer, and semester options. 
For more information, call or write: 

"We only have three seniors graduating this year. 
The only problem I see is replacing point guard Nancy 
Caparaz," Malone said of the three-year starter and 
UCSD's career assist leader. 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free cO'lSultalion and tnlllaJ treatnumt 15 min. S20 value. FIrs/-lime clients only)' 

Eyebrows 
Upper Lip 

Chin 

lkIderarms 
ar. 
SIomKh 
IIIIQni l.iII 

Angels 

legs 
TOIl 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Pel m,lI1ell! HJ II Removal 

• American Me;:dical Association 
approved medlods for problem 
cases and sensilive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female stafT, stale lie. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
/AJoIIa YllI4ge Professw-l CftIIw Behind Elepbant Bar 
8950 Villa !Alalia Dr. Sle. 2121 • Expires 3/12/90 

The American University of Paris, U.S- Office, Box 6009 
80 East lIth Street, Suite 434, New YQrk. NY 10003 
Tel. (2ll) 677-4870 Fax. (212) 475-5205 

~VI~IT~ ()t= ~T. f7~~,"AI~ 
Just minute, from camPu, in Holidcu Court 

SAN DIEGO'S MOST UNIQUE UQUOIl STOllE 
• OU1STANDIN~ SELECOON Of FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC WINES, 

lEERS. UQUORS • INTERNATIONAl.. OUT-Of-STATE NEWSPAJoERS 
GOUIlMET FOODS FROM HOMEMADE TO DECADENT 

·LOno ·LOmRY .IUD·S SAN FRANCISCO ICE CREAM PAlLOR 

WE HAVE THE lEST SELECnON IN SAN DIEGO 
·MOVIE RENTALS .POPCORN .IMPORTED CHOCOLATES 

We pack.e and ship anywhere! 
FREE DELIVERY in La JollCb Golden TriMMIe 

area on all order' 0/$35 and over 
OPEN: SUN.-THURS, 6 am-MId., FRI.-SAT. 6 am-2 am 3251 HolIday court en Vila La JoIkI455-t4t4 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 26, 1990 

Eaton Hurls No-Hitter For First Win 
FULL TIME STUDENTS 

WE HAVE EXCELLENT 
AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279·5955 
0 ' AGNESSA Insurance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 
San Diego, CA 92111 

ALSO: MEDICAL and DENTAL COVERAGE 

VENTURA COUNTY COMMUNITY 
COLLEGE DISTRICT 
71 Day Road, Ventura, CA 93003 

(805) 654-6424 
Barbara A. Derryberry 

Chancellor 
Roland L. Glover 

Director, Affirmative Action 
Instructors Current Openings Closing Date 
Anthropology 
Commercial Art 
Music: 

Instrumentalffheory 
P .E.IHealth Science 
Speech 
Learning Disabilities 

Specialist 
H istory 
ChemistrylPhysics 
Office Automation! 

Word Processing 

Moorpark College Mar. 21, 1990 
Moorpark College Mar. 23, 1990 
Moorpark College Mar. 15, 1990 

Moorpark College Mar. 21, 1990 
Moorpark College April 6, 1990 
Moorpark College TBA 

Oxnard College TBA 
Oxnard College TBA 
Oxnard College TBA 

Senior Dann Eaton tossed a no-
hitter against Western New Mex-
ico on Friday, butthe UCSDmen's 
baseball team still lost two of three 
games at the Southern California 
College Invitational in CosraMesa. 

Thursday afternoon, the Tritons 
commilled five errors, while three 
UCSD pitchers combined to give 
up 14 hits as the Tritons fe119-3 to 
NAJA College of Idaho. 

Rick Rupkey (2-2) took the loss 
and the College of Idaho's Ter-
rence Woods (1-0) pitched five in-
nings of relief to pick up the vic-
tory. 

Friday, Eaton allowed only three 
baserunners and struck out the fmal 
five batters in blanking WNM 4-0. 

Eaton (I-D) totaled 12 strike-
outs and gave up just two walks, 
but still needed a four-run ninth-
inning outburst to notch the win. 
The rally was keyed by sophomore 
outfielder Ernie Isola's first home 
run of the season. 

Saturday, UCSD (3-5) dropped 
its second game of the tou rney to 
the College of Idaho, 5-3, as J.J . 
Fisher (0-3) remained winless for 
the 1990 campaign and surpassed 
his loss total for the entire 1989 
season when he went 7-2. 

TRACK AND FIELD 
The Tritons qualified three to 

the nationals and set three new 
school records in Saturday 'S Long 

Beach Relays at Cerritos College. 
For the women, distance runner 

Michelle Conlay qualified in the 
3,000 meters with a 10:08.47 time, 
and Shannon Quigley surpassed 
the standard in the discus with a 
146'2" rnark. Quigley's throw was 
also tops at the meet. 

SCOII Sargeant was the lone 
men's qualifier on Saturday,as his 
heave of 178 '2" in the hammer 

IntercoDegiate 
Update 

throw - a first place finish - pro-
pelled him into the nationals in that 
event for the second year in a row. 

School records were set :ndi-
vidually by Diane Fritz in the 100 
hurdles with a 16.24 time (second 
place) and by Susan Christy in the 
high jump (5'2", third place). The 
women ' s 4)(800 meter relay team 
also set a school standard with a 
9:40.96 time. 

Though good enough for first 
place at the meet, the men's sprint 
medley team (3:30.42) and Malt 
Pizza 's 55.67 in the 400 hurdles 
were not not national qualifying 
mark . 

MEN'S BASKETBALL 
If the usru men's basketball 

team is known for any thing, it is its 

potent offense. But on Saturday 
night, it was the Gulls ' defense that 
forced a turnover with time run-
ning out that enabled USIU to es-
cape with a 93-91 victory over the 
Tritons. 

Barely. 
In fact, the Tritons had USIU on 

the ropes with II :23 remaining in 
the game, as they held a 12-point 
advantage at 70-58. But USIU put 
together a 17-4 streak and took a 
one-point lead with 7:55 remain-
ing. 

The lead changed hands several 
times and when Triton Rick Ball 
hit two free throws with under one 
minute left, the score was dead-
locked at 91-91. 

On the ensuing possession , 
high-scoring USIU guard Kevin 
Bradshaw (31 points) was called 
for a five second violation and the 
Tritons gotthe ball back. But Mitch 
Brown forced a turnover by 
UCSD's Tim Rapp and, as the ball 
bounced away, USIU's Demetrius 
Laffitte picked it up and scored the 
game-winner wi th two seconds 
remaining. 

NOle .... Dcspite the loss. UCSO (20-6) fin· 
ished with its best record ever. and will see its 

fi~I-eYer ac l ion in [he Division 111 NationalTour-
nament thi s Saturday (see p.~. 20) ... Rapp. who 
led UCSO """reI'S with 3 lvs. USIU. was voted to 
the All· West Region finn team by the National 
Association or Basketball Coaches. 

- compiled by Phil Gruen and 
Peter Ko 

Speech/Forensics Coach 
Nursing 

Ventura College 
Ventura College 

April 3, 1990 
April 20, 1990 Mid-Week Intercollegiate Sports Attractions ... 

Photography Ventura College 
P .E.lHead Women's Ventura College 

Basketball Coach 
Administration of Justice! Ventura College 

Business Law 

April 18, 1990 
April 11, 1990 

TBA 

!£hat 
Baseball 

Softball 
Volleyball (M) 

" The Ventura County Community ColI~ Dislricl is an affirmanue och'on, t f/Ull loptJommily 
t mfJ/qyer and od"",/y steks IN candidocy of mirroritUls, women, disabled and Vietnam ueltmns. " 

wofor e 
tceofnone. 

ow, you and a fr iend can 
each enj y Cali fo rnia· most con· 
venient checking free of momhl y 
~e rvice charges' for a year. 

J u~t come in and open any 
new per.-,onal checking accoum, 
then refe r a friend who's new 
to BotA. When your friend 
opem an accoum. you'll each 
ge t your che king free. 

If you already have a BofA 
checking account, you can till 

check free . JU S( send us a new 
CUl>to mer, and we' ll give you 
each free peL onal checking for 
a yea r. Plus all the convenience 
of Ca lifornia" largest branch anu 
full· service ATM network. 

Add it all up and you'll see 
why now. more than ever. BofA 
checking is checking wo rth 
telling your friend ' about. For 
more information,stop by any 
Bank of America branch. 

m 
Bank of America 

Doing the job for more Californians. 

Lt 1" lIa l'laz;t lIr.tn,h 43HO Lt Inll;, Vi l';'!.!l· DI. I .. t ju li;t .CA '12 122 (IJ I ')) 552 4 110 

mw 
UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO 
at Point Lorna Nazarene 
at Azusa Pacific (DH) 
UC IRVINE 

Du I.im£ 
Tuesday 2:30 p.m. 
Wednesday 2:00 p.m. 
Wednesday 1:00 p.m 
Wednesday 7:00 p.m. 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

l1rr. u l~ ~ ... Anl\'I~.I' I ~'" \Iu llh. , tl lR 

Monday, February 26, 1990 The UCS~ Guardian SPORTS 19 

Tritons Drop Two to Cal Poly SLO for Fourth Year In a Row 

Same Old Story in Softball Opener 
By KEVIN TWER 
Sla/fWriler 

For the UCSD softball team, 
this is beginning to be an old and 
tiresome story. 

For the founh consecutive year, 
the Tritons dropped both ends of 
theirseason-opening doubleheader 
against Cal Poly San Luis Obispo. 

In doing so, they lost their ninth 
game in a row to the Mustangs. 

Cal Poly used several pitchers 
in each game of the doubleheader 
to silence the Tritons' bats. 

UCSD could manage onl y eight 
total hits in the two games com-
bined as Cal Poly swept the twin-
bi1l4-3 and 3-0. 

"We faced a tough challenge 
today .It was tough for us to look at 
a new pitcher every six batters," 
UCSD Head Coach Sal Coats said. 

In the opening game, Cal Poly 
got on the board first when three 
second inning singles and a UCSD 
error enabled the Mustangs to take 
a 2-0 lead. 

Cal Poly added another run in 
the top of the founh inning on an 
RBI single by Kimberly Farnum. 

The Tri tons came back to tie the 
score at three apiece in the bottom 
half of the founh. 

Molina eventually carne around 
to score on a Single by Pam Har-
nack. A sacrifice fly by Tracey 
Kehr scored Fogg and brought the 
Tritons to within one, 3-2. Melissa 
Mazanet then followed with a shot 
up the middle that brought home 
Hamack and tied the score. 

The Mustangs scored again in 
the top of the fifth on an RBI single 
by Kathy Jones that proved to be 
the eventual game-winner. 

The Tritons managed to rally in 
the bottom of the inning when they 
loaded up the bases, but a pop fly 
ended the rally. 

In the second game, the Mus-

tangs got one run in the third and 
two in the fourth to account for all 
the scoring: 

The one bright spot for the Tri-
tons in the second game came in 
the top of the seventh inning when 
a great diving catch by UCSD 
shortstop Dana Chai1ceneven drew 
cheers from the Mustang faithful. 

"Our pitchers need a bit more 
help on defense and our hitting 
needs to be fine-tuned . Once those 
two things work out. we should do 
really well," Coats explained. 

UCSD will travel to Azuza 
Pacific University for a Wednes-
day doubleheader at 1:00 p.m. 

c-__ .... Ieft! Mol< 

s..-Ka'_~1 
s-...., CIrio Y_ N.,. LuIo 511 ... 

~ _. -b7 _ UqlriI 

ETERNAL BONERS· Men's A Basketball 
They're tough, they're consistent, and they're up for every game. 

They're BUrrill' &nun, and with their 54-46 victory last We.dnes-
day against Urine Trouble, the Boner; clinched a playoff spot In the 
all-new Proctologist league. 

Boners elevated themselves to 4-2 with the help of Luis Silva's 
triple double, and some clutch free throw shooting down the stretch. 

The all-sophomore team is led by head Boner Marc Schworm, who 
recounts the early days of the ream then playground buddies on the 
streets of Los Angeles. 

"Back then, "Schworm says, "we were the 'wanna-be boners' , but 
about 5th grade or sO,6th grade for Jeremy, we became what we are 
today." 

Wednesday'S victory brings Boners one step closer [0 the men 's A 
Basketball dream match· up come playoff time: EternRt Boners vs . 
ERrty AM Stiffier. A game like this could see some serious injuries, 
especially if it 's exciting. 

But for now, EternRI Bonenr-this ... pasrrami-on-rye 's for you. 

Stephanie Molina led off with a 
walk and moved over to second on 
a slow roller by Kathy Fogg that 
went for an infield single. 

BrlaD MorrlslG uardion 
Kathy Fogg eluded the tag ofthe Mustang catcherto score this run, 
but the Tritons could not get around their nemesis Cal Poly SLO. 

PERSONAL, 
Help Wanted, and many other kinda of me&88gl!ll can be Bent through TM 
Guordi4n. Fill out a clauilled ad form at oW' office, upetain in the old Student 
Center ... or, mail to 13-016, La Jolla, CA 92093. Any questiona? Call 63t-5416. 

• CDPY • • Ca~ • • • • • • • • • SELF SERVICE COPIERS • • • VOLUME DISCOUNTS • • • 
• • PROFESSORS NOTES • 
• • 

• 

The home of the 
49¢ hall1burger. 

1 ('f) U~tJo"l1ldJm ~ &!l0II. 
iIA~ 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
~ IL_ ... ~-------------------~ ---ALL AMERicAN-MEAL--

__ 'f!06 Quarter Pounder@ with Cheese, Medium Fry, 
• Free Parking 

• • Book Binding • • 
Cash value: Medium-Size Soft Drink 1/ 20 011 c«II II II 

• 
• 
• lIGen: Mon .. 'IIIII. 1:304:10; fri. 8:304; SM. 12-4 

.... \ ... J."a V"':-=,. ... are 
• COSMETIC BONDING 
• EVENING APPTS. 
• STEREO HEADPHONES 

• VISA OR MASTERCARD 
·INST~INSU~CE 

EVALUATION 
• NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
• 24-HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• ORAl SURGERY FOR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRACTION 

• 
• 
• 
• 

--------------------------
''''''Of)UCftMF 0 .... 

EXAM & X-RAYS $19 Rag.«9 
ONLY 

Includes: X'Rays, Oral Cone.- Exam and Private Con.uhalion. Expire> 3/31/90. 
0R.n.d 10: Students, Faculty and Sluff of UCSD 

--------------------------DAVID S ••• NOM D.D.S. 
Member: ADA, CDA, SDCDS, Delta Dental 

8861 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suita 501 
(behind Kinko'sl 455·9151 

II II Limit one coupon per 
I I customer. per visit. Please present coupon when Just $1 99 11 (plus tax) II 'I ordering. Not valid with II any other offer. 
tn.l-=~'''' ___ • ,iii iiii iiii i 

Only at. 
7~e Miramar Rd. 

Ian DIego 

ROBERT'S 
• ~ SAAB 

• MAJOR SERVICES 
-TUNE-uPS 
- BRAKES 
- TRANSMISSION 

- RJEL EJECTlON 
• ElECTRICAL 
• EXTENOEo WARRANTIES 
• ENGINE REBUIlDING 

Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm • Saturdoys 8 amoS pm 
(619)275-1132 
~. 4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego • 

-------------------------10% OFF on all repairs* with this coupon 
-Ezcept motor and tratlllP&iaaion ourrh4ul. Not valid with any other coupon. 



20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 26, 1990 

Sports 
Men's Basketball Earns 
First-Ever Regional Bid 

Men Victorious, Qualify Two at Pacific Championships 

For the first time since it be-
gan competing on the Division 
III level, the UCSD men's bas-
ketball team will be playing 
NCAA basketball in March. 

7) will play at Iowa Conference 
champion Dubuque (18-8). The 
winner will travel to play nation-
ally 12th-ranked St. Thomas (23-
4). 

Another Five Women Swimmers 
Qualify for Nationals in Last Meet 

Yesterday, it was announced 
that the 15th-ranked Tritons were 
selected a one of the 40 team in 
the NCAA Division III National 
Tournament. UCSD (20-6) trav-
els to Nebra ka Wesleyan (21-5) 
for a West Regional matchup this 
Saturday night. 

On Thur day night, in the first 
game of West Regional play, 
SCIAC champion Claremont (19-

The seedings in the West 
Regional Tournament are as fol-
lows: I) St. Thomas 2) Nebraska 
Wesleyan 3) UCSD 4) Dubuque 
5) Claremont. 

Second round pairings will be 
detennined pending the outcome 
of the first round games. It is 
possible that the Tritons could 
ho t second round action. 

- compiled by Phil Gruen 

By LES BRUVOLD 
Staff Writer 

Qualify. 
That one word was on the mind 

of UCSD's men's and women's 
swim team a they went into last 
weekend's Pacific Collegiate 
Swim Conference Championship 
at Cerrito . 

The Tritons did just that as five 
more women and two more men 
qualified for the upcoming NCAA 
Division III National Swimming 
meets. 

pressive list of qualifiers to 18 men 
and 17 women, including four di-
vers. 

On the women's side, two Tri-
tons each qualified in two events. 
Nicole Ressler made the grade in 
the 500 freestyle (5: 16.44) and 200 
butterfly (2: 11.85), andJulie Rank-
ine passed the test in the 200 
(1:58.18) and 500(5:14.82) frees-
tyles. 

Rugby Cools the Sun Devils; 
Scratched by Wildcats, 25-4 

UCSD expanded its already im-

Three other Triton women 
qualified for the Nationals in single 
events. Tamaki Myers qualified in 
the 200 breaststroke (2:33.01), 
Jamee Couch in the 50 freestyle 

By TOM RIZZUTI 
Staff Writer 

The script was the arne in 
UCSD's rugby matche thi week-
end, but the Tritons played two 
different role as they split to run 
their conference record to 3-4. 

In Saturday' 27-9 victory over 
Arizona State, the Triton charged 
back from a halftime deficit and 
shutout the Sun Devils in the sec-
ond half. 

Against the University of Ari-
zona Sunday afternoon, the Tri-
tons were on the other side of a sec-
ond-half comeback shutout, los-
ing 25-4. 

UCSD recei ved a boo t from an 
unlikely ource on Saturday. With 
Amona State leading 9-4 just 
before halftime, the Sun Devil 
coach made some comments about 
the Tritons and whether they be-
longed in the university division. 

This helped fuel a second half 
onslaught which led the Tritons to 
a 27-9 victory at Warren West. 

The Sun Devils jumped out to 
an early start, taking advantage of 
errant Triton passes, eventually 
converting two penalty kicks for a 
6-0 lead. 

UCSD answered midway 
through the half with a breakaway 
try after an interception. 

ASU then countered with an-
other penalty kick, making the 
score 9-4. It was around this time 
that the Sun Devil coach made his 
remarks. 

Triton Head Coach Tom Butler 
felt thatthe comments, made loudly 
enough for his players to hear, re-
ally fired his team up. 

"I didn't need to ay anything to 
them at halftime. They knew what 
they had to do," Butler said. 

UCSD played like a team pos-
essed in the second half, scoring 

early and often. The Tritons' first 
two tries came quickly and put 
them in the lead to stay. 

UCSDkept relentles offen ive 
presllure on ASU with a hard-hit-
ting defense, thwarting any poten-
tial Sun Devil drives and preserv-
ing the second-half shutout. 

UCSD tallied first on Sunday, 
as Adam Lefkoff set up a try by 

Arne Pike. 
A Wildcat penalty kick late in 

the half clo ed the Tritons' lead to 
4-3. 

The econd-half was marred by 
numerous injuries to key players 
and penalty kicks, a U of A 
outscored UCSD 22-0. 

"Their kicker kept them in the 
game all day, our penalties really 
hurt us," team captain Lefkoff said. 

Heading into their last league 
game next week at Cal State Fuller-
ton, Butler said he is happy with 
his team's progress in the new 
division. "We're doing better than 
I expected." 

- Doug Shaddle contributed to this article 

Rimas Uzgirls/Guardian 
ASU couldn't get a grip on the Tritons or Pete Christiansen (m). 

Tritons Extend Win Streak to Six 
Women's Tennis Sweeps San Bernardino and Whittier 

By DOUG SHADDLE 
Staff Writer 

Ho-hum. 
It was just another uneventful 

weekend on the courts for the 
UCSD women's tennis team, as it 
obliterated both Cal State San 
Bernardino and Whittier College 
9-0. 

Boring or not, the two victories 
were just what the Tritons wanted 
and expected. 

"Neither team was much of a 
threat. We were not challenged at 
all," UCSD Head Coach Liz LaP-
lante said. 

The predictably easy matches 
gave LaPlante an opportunity to 
play several players who had not 
seen much action this year. 

Carla Nicolas, Catherine Yim, 
and Janet Whalen, who teamed 
with Robyn Inaba in number one 
doubles, all responded with victo-
ries. 

Inaba occupied the number one 
singles slot this weekend as top-
seeded Christine Behrens was 
given the matches off, also swept 
her matches to go 6-1 on the year. 

The victories extend UCSD's 
record to 6-1, as the Tritons have 
destroyed their last six opponents 
to maintain their number one na-
tional ranking. 

This Saturday rival Occidental 
will provide tougher competition 
in a 11:00 a.m. match on the road. 

Brlln MorrillGuardian 
Robyn Inaba extended her singles winning streak to six with victories over a Coyote and a Poet. 

(25.09), and Pilar Reza in the 200 
butterfly (2: 13.03). 

The Triton men kept pace with 
the women as they qualified two 
more men for the March 15-17 
NCAAs. 

Don Robertson reached the 
Nationals with a I :56.62 time in 
the 200 butterfly while fellow Tri-
ton Brian Link assured himself a 
spot with a I :59.18 in the 200 
backstroke. 

Along with these individual 
Triton successes, both teams also 
perfonned well at the Cerritos meet. 
The Triton men wamped the 
competition with 1181 total points 
while their nearest competitor, UC 
Santa Cruz, managed a mea ly 65 
points. 

The Triton women finsished 
econd behind Northern Arizona 

University, which totaled 829, 
ringing up 752 points on the week-
end. 

UCSD Head Coach Bill Mor-
gan emphasized that this second 
place finish was deceiving because 
most of the Triton women did not 
participate the first day of the three-
day event. 

"Since so many of our women 
had already qualified for Nation-
als, they didn't come the first day 
so they could avoid missing 
classes," Morgan said of his top 
swimmers. 

Morgan was pleased with the 
perfonnances of several Tritons 
who fell just short of qualifying for 
the NCAAs. 

Morgan was also impressed 
with the swimming of Hal Olden, 
Jeff Lewis, and Don Lauer on the 
men's side, and Debbie Siegfried, 
Dawn Switzer, and Melinda Han-
dley on the women's side. 

Morgan emphasized that, even 
though these Tritons did not qual-
ify, the meet served as a good place 
for the younger swimmers to ga.in 
valuable experience. 

"Come this time next year, a lot 
of the people that just missed quali-
fying this time around will be at 
Nationals for us," Morgan said. 

Morgan added that both the 
men's and women's squads are as 
strong as they have been in years 
past, and should provide strong 
competition for top-ranked, de-
fending national champion Kenyon 
College of Ohio at the National 
meet. 

The UCSD men's next action 
will be this Friday at 5:00 versus 
Claremont at the Natatorium. 

INTERCOLLEGIATE 
RECORDS & RANKINGS 

Baseball 
Basketball (M) 
Basketball (W) 
Golf 
Softball 
Track & Field 
Tennls(M) 
Tennis (W) 
Volleyball (M) 

l! L 1:;: 
350 
20 6 0 15th 
13 12 0 
320 
020 
o 0 0 
2405th 
6 1 0 1st 
o 10 0 20th 


