
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Gall Johnson/Guardian 
Students gathered on and near the Gym Steps in support 
of pro-choice on Monday. 

VOLUME 69, #7 THURSDAY, JANUARY 25,1990 

Pro-Choice Rally Commemorates 
Roe v. Wade 17th Anniversary 
By NICOLA WHITEHEAD 
Sta/fWriter 

A pro-choice rally which at-
tracted a large crowd of students 
was held Monday on the gym steps 
to commemorate Roe v. Wade , the 
1973 Supreme Court decision 
which legalized women's right to 
abortions. 

Scheduled speakers, as well as 
pro-choice supporter from the 
audience, spoke in upport of pro-
choice and against the pro-life 
movement during the hour-long 
rally. 

"In 1973, I was ajunior in high 
school. When I was growing up, 
abortion was illegal," Sue Van-
Hatum of the Women's Resource 
Center recalled. 

" People were going to New 
York for expensive abortions. If 
you had money, you could get an 
abortion. What happens when you 
make abortion illegal is you mess 
up poor people 's lives and kill 
women,"she said. 

According to VanHatum, the 
illegalization of abortion in Mex-
ico has resulted in the deaths of 
1,000 women from complications 
stemming from poorly executed il-
legal abortion . 

"In the United States, six 
women died from complications 
from abortion. What you do by 
making abortion illegal is kill 
people - not stop abortion ," 
VanHatum said. 

women .. . . No one can be free 
when one group is repressed. 
Women in this country are being 
repressed," he said. 

Andrea Adleman, of the 
Women 's Resource Center, ad-
dressed what she percieves as the 
threat to the pro-choice movement. 

" I think it is time we stand uni-
fied and demand that the rest of the 
country wake up and keep abor-
tion safe and legal. .. We must take 
control of our own body, minds, 
and live . We must do this through 
activism. As Martin Luther King 
Jr. said, 'Freedom is never volun-
tarily given by the oppressor. It 
must be demanded by the op-
pressed,' " she said. 

Grad Students Take Pointers From 
Former Student Union Members 

Edward Needham came out of 
the audience to addre s the issue of 
oppo ition to the pro-choice move-
ment. 

"In spite of [the fact that) anti-
choice activists say they are pro-
tecting the rights of unborn chil-
dren, it is important to look at what 
effect their actions will have on 

Senior officer Christine Chad-
wick of the California Abortion 
Rights Action League spoke of 
taking political action to insure 
women's legal right to abortions, 
saying, "This is an election year. 
Get out there and vote. Make sure 
you are voting pro-choice. Make 

By CATHERINE DILLE 
News Editor 

Members of UCSD's newly 
formed Association of Student 
Employees interacted with several 
founding members of the 1975 
UCSD Graduate Student Union 
during a panel discussion yester-
day afternoon. 

The Association of Student 
Employees (ASE) represents 
graduate student employees from 
over one half of all academic de-
partments and programs at UCSD, 
according to ASE organizer John 
Sullivan. 

Sullivan explained that ASE 
was formed to meet graduate stu-
dent employee needs that could 
not be addressed through the 
Graduate Student Association such 
as wages, tuition and fee wai'/ers, 
and work conditions. 

"GSA is a student organization. 
They have been very helpful, but 
they are not an employee organi-
zation," Sullivan said. 

ASE asked members of the 1975 
Graduate Student Union (GSU) to 
join the ASE in an informal panel 
discussion so that ASE members 
could learn from their prior suc-
cesses and failures, said ASE or-
ganizer Cathy Carey. 

"I would like to give you a most 
friendly warning against what we 
did wrong," founding GSU mem-
ber Cecilia Ubilla-Arenas said. 

Sullivan recalled several inci-
dences where GSU members 
worked to organize graduate stu-

the 1970's. 
The GSU, with the support of 

undergraduates and faculty, organ-
ized a strike in 1975 which lasted 
two days. Six hundred graduate 
students marched to protest pro-
posed cutbacks in the graduate 
student employee programs, Sulli-
van said. 

Remembering the strike, 
Ubilla-Arenas said the GSU 
members "never saw ourselves as 
being alone. We received a lot of 
support from graduate students 
across the country." 

Ubilla-Arenas said that at the 
See ASE, page 3 

See RALLY, page 7 

A.S. Funds Spike Lee Presentation 
By MARY BETTY HEARD 
Senior StajfWriter 

The Associated Students allo-
cated funds last evening for sev-
eral upcoming events, including a 
presentaion by filmmaker Spike 
Lee, a performance by the band 
"fiREHOSE," and a Health and 
Fitness Fair. 

A.S. and University Events will 

be co-sponsoring an event involv-
ing Spike Lee. At the A. S. meet-
ing council members voted to real-
locate $2,000 from the Speaker's 
Sub-Budget in Programming in 
order to subsidize student tickets 
for the event. 

Lee will come to UCSDon April 
13 and speak to students; also, Lee's 
movie "Do the Right Thing" will 

be shown at the Price Center that 
week. The A.S. and University 
Events are also trying to get Lee' s 
other two movies, "She's Gotta 
Have It," and "School Daze." 

The sum of $900 was reallo-
cated from the Pub Programming 
sub-budget for the University 
Event' s presentation of the band 
"fiREHOSE," which will take 
place in the old Pub. The money 
will subsidize tickets for students. 

The Health and Fitness Fair. 
which is to take place on Feb. 14th, 
was allowed $1,859.50 from Gen-
eral Un'lllocated Funds, an am-
mount amended from $2,342. 
According to Christie Hicks, rep-
resenting the Student Health Serv-
ice, the fair will take place between 
the Price Center and the Student 
Health Center. The program will 
include health information and free 
cholesterol testing. 

During the meeting, A. S. Vice 
President Administrative Alex 
Wong mentioned that he i trying 
to bring more programming space 
to certain campuse at UCSD. Ac-
cording to Wong, college like 
Revelle and Muir have large 
amounts of programming pace; 
Third college has a minimal amount 
of programming pace. and War-
ren and Fifth have none. 

dent strikes and work stoppages in Graduate Student Association members John Sullivan and Kathy Carey. 

"I want to make ure everyone 
has a fair amount of space," Wong 
aid. 

OPINION Inside ... 
• OPINION ......... .4 
• FEATURES .... .... 8 
• HIATUS ......... Hl 

SPORTS ........... 12 

I. There Any Room 
forRIMAC? 8 

HIATUS 
Syd Straw To Play. 

Tomor",w~ TG H 2 
SPORTS 
Men~Hoop 
Craclcs Top 20 12 



UCNEWS 
UCLA Theta Chi To Apologize 
To Lesbian Sorority Members 

A UCLA fraternity will publicly condemn the behav-
ior of its member who harassed several lesbian students 
during a football game last November, according to a 
sanction the University placed on the organization. 

Theta Chi will write an open letter to the University 
community acknowledging the Nov. 11 incident at the 
Rose Bowl, UCLA's Fraternity and Sorority Relations 
Director Chris Fishburn said Friday. 

Several Theta Chi members and their fathers, wearing 
the fraternity'S Dad 's Day T-shirts, allegedly yelled 
sexual slurs, threw paper cups and napkins and splashed 
beer on five Lambda Delta Lambda sorority members 
and their friends . 

The sorority charged in a formal complaint that the 
men violated the University 's non-discrimination policy 
when they harassed its members because of their gender 
and sexual orientation. Lambda Delta Lambda, which 
accepts members of any sexual orientation, was founded 
by lesbians. 

The sanction read, "A public leiter to the University 
community and Lambda Delta Lambda will be published 
in the Daily Bruill acknowledging the incident, the 
inappropriateness of such behavior and the fraternity's 
condemnation of such behavior." 

Theta Chi President Jeff Taylor would not elaborate 
on what the leiter will say. It will speak for itself when 
published, he said. 

W. Kevin Leung 
Daily Bruin 

UCSB Radio Programmer Denied 
Airtime For Controversial Show 

Sean Hannity, a former programmer at VCSB radio 
station KCSB, lost his bid to resume his controversial 
conservative talk show this quarter as station manage-
ment said last week the show will not be included on the 
radio station's winter schedule. 

The decision came as no surprise to Hannity. The 

Calvin and Hobbes 
Q)'fS? IT'S ~ TO 
()J\! Irs M£ , t-IIJl'lBiR 

r", ~IIIE' . 

I'M \\OT 
CA\..'.Jlt-I . I'M 
DUPlICPo.TE 

t\\lIo\8ER T ~. 

CAl~I~ . ~'iOO P\..9S£ 
~N~ru~ ~ I\<:lME.W~ 
~ '1\)J 'titRE. to.'SS\G.I-IE.O 

~~o~~ ~~~~ 

.. "'. 1 liP: S£~T 
10 M. l'It\~<:'lms 
OFFlC£ , JVST 

LI~ 1\1J1'I9E~ 
1'¥() ~Q fI~ 

010. 

News Clips 
Santa Barbara resident said he is "not going to let them 
get away with it." 

Hannity 's show, "In Pursuit of Happiness," received 
no votes at a quarterly scheduling meeting of the KCSB 
Program Mediation and Review Committee last week 
when it competed against three other shows for a Tues-
day morning time slot. 

Hannity 's efforts to reclaim his talk show came on the 
heels of his recent reinstatement as a KCSB staff mem-
ber. Hannity was dismissed from the radio station last 
June for alleged! y making "multiple discriminatory state-
ments" on two shows discussing the role of the gay 
community in the AIDS epidemic, but he was reinstated 
in November by the KCSB Radio Council. The council 
ruled that Hannity 's dismissal was unjust and renewed 
hi standing as a staff member, although it did not 
guarantee that he would reclaim his place on the air. 

Program Director Marc Brown, who has the final 
word on scheduling, said a shortage of airtime played a 
primary role in his decision to leave Hannity off the 
schedule. "I don't have anything against Sean. There 
weren't any other time slots available," Brown said. "I 
basically went strictly by the [station] bylaws. I also did 
just about everything the PMRC suggested." 

Alex Salkever 
Daily Nexus 

(~UCSD NEWS J 
UCSD, Cultural Connection 
Presents Tijuana Day On Campus 

The UCSDrrijuana Cultural Connection will be pre-
senting Tijuana Day at the Price Center Plaza Wednes-
day, Jan. 31 from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m .. The event is free, 
featuring over 25 booths from UCSD, Tijuana, and San 
Diego organizations affiliated with programs relating to 
Tijuana. In addition to this ongoing thre- hour event, 
theree are two panel discussions planned. There will be 
a program entitled "Maximizing your Tijuana Experi-
ence," with student speakers, Student Legal Services, 
and the U.S. Consulate at noon in Gallery A. Also, at 1:00 
p.m. in the Santa Cruz room there wi II be a session called 
"Mexico: Educational and Experiential Opportunities." 

Entertainment in the Price Center Plaza will feature 

by Bill Watterson 

~U,'iOO 
GIJ'<s! EVEN I 
~T~Tsarr 
TO~PR\MC\~ 

~1Ar.' 
'iOO~ ~IItG 
10£ U)OK~O.' 

o.l~I~ . 100 
~ S>W£\R\) 
1'lo\ MOT t.~ 

00111'010 
Tf.U:. TO '100. 

\.at., CAI.~'W, 
If ~(),) \laI\~ 

l\~~ 

... 

I'VI I'tCl\ CJIl.~ltoI . rill 
I>JPlICr..re. tilMBER FI'I£ . 
P\JPLK~'\'£ 7110 'NfoIS ~ 
'(t~'i, MOl Ate . ~~ 
I>U. 'T~'tI"G 1\){CN5 . ~ 

100 'till\.. BE. BK~ Nm~, t>.~t> 100 CA~ Po.':l~ \II'" 10 00 I 1\1£ \'RCl8lall THEN. 
I \~ I 
! v? 

'" 

~, LEl"s 
ItOr .'MIllO 
COMC\.\)~! 

l'~ j\)St' 
~11~Us 

~ fOR.. 
IIi\~T. 

1 'fIISl-l I 

I£'f ~,~ 
'COlI ~ TO 
sWIPE """1 
0I .. l.K ! 

1I\j£1)~. m~\~'s Cl.l$ . 
MCt-. 'ft1lERE. ~\.l. 'j(),) lIaP 
r ,"f.~t 10 "'E At-IO "IS 

~ ~~ LOC~R? 
iNS STClI'. 

the Ballet Folklorico de la Casa de la Cultura, Marco 
Antonio Labastida (opera), Linda Bahia (music mod-
erna), and Ballet de la Frontera Norte. 
Bookstore Holds Poetry Reading 

Jerome Rothenberg, visual arts professor and author 
of over 60 books, will read from his works friday, Jan. 
26 at 4 p.m. in the University Bookstore. 

Rothenberg, an internationally renowned poet, per-
formance artist, critic, and scholar has been a leading 
voice in the approach to creative works known as "eth-
nopoetics." He is a member of both the visual arts and 
literature faculties. 

This is part of a regular poetry reading series held at 
the bookstore. Future readings will include Pasquale 
Verdicchio (Feb. I), Farrell Foreman (Feb. 8), and Rae 
Annantrout (Feb. 22). 

Admission to the event is free. For more information, 
contact the book information department at 534-3149. 

Earth Day Planning 'Kick-OtT' 
The UCSD Earth Day planning coalition is having its 

official "kick-off' on Jan. 29. The Earth Day coalition 
will be preparing for the annual Earth Day to be held later 
this year. For more information, contact Wende at 259-
7351. 

Local Causes Seeking Volunteers 
The Alzheimers Association needs someone who can 

play guitar or piano and read sheet music. If interested, 
contact Patricia Erikson at 549-9379. 

If you are experienced in data entry, or want to leam, 
the United Way Volunteer Center needs you. Scheduling 
is flexible and training is provided. Contact Cathy Booth 
or Barbara Galvan at 492-2090 for more information. 

Volunteers are needed by the South Bay Community 
Services to tutor teens in basic reading skills and improv-
ing self-esteem. For more information, call Charlotte 
Tenney at 420-3620. 

( SPOTLIGHTJ 
Fee Increases Are National Trend 

While funding for higher education have barely risen 
in past years, student fees have seen a national increase, 
according to recent studies. 

With the burden of education funding falling increas-
ingly on students' shoulders, many are finding it more 
and more difficult to finance college, and many others 
are being priced out of an education entirely, according 
to student leaders. 

Nationally, the average tuition at public colleges and 
universities has increased 23.2 percent above the infla-
tion rate over the last II years, according to a report from 
a Washington, D.C. research firm. The same report 
shows that state spending for education has risen only 1.3 
percent above inflation over the same period. 

"The bottom line is that many states are backing off 
from theircommitmenttomakingeducation freely avail-
able," says Jonathan Damell of the Student Empower-
ment Training Project (SET), a national resource group 
for student government associations. 

Many public colleges and universities that once pro-
vided quality education for little or nothing are now 
pricing low-income and non-traditional students out of 
the higher education market. 

"It's impossible to quantify how many people are 
being shut out of higher education," said United States 
Student Association President Julianne Marley. 

"To tell people that their state school is going to cost 
them $3000 a year is so intimidating that many don't 
even apply. We know it's keeping people out." 

School administrators have justified the tuition hikes 
as necessary to maintain faculty salaries. In their booklet 
Nine Myths and Truths about Tuition, the Association of 
Governing Boards of Colleges and Universities states 
that, "Many colleges and universities are trying to com-
pensate for the loss of income suffered by faculty during 
inflationary periods." 

But SET's Darnell counters, "The fact is, students 
have already paid for the galloping inflation of the J 970s 
by paying three times as much tuition as they did 20 years 
ago. There is certainly no justification for further in-
creases above the consumer price index. In fact, now is 
the time to start reducing the tuition burden to actually 
make some progres in broadening access." 

National Studelll News Service 

Thursday, January 25, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Number of Sexual Assaults 
On Campus Increases In 1989 
• UCSD Remains Below UC System-Wide Average 
ByPATFUCIAJET11E 
Senior StajfWriter 

The recent arrest of David 
Miller in connection with the 
October assault of a UCSD 
female student has called atten-
tion to the rise in the number of 
sexual assaults at UCSD last 
year. 

Graduate Student Associa-
tion Representati ve Paul 
Eykamp said in a November 
A.S. meeting that, "it appears as 
if it's going to be an unusually 
bad year for" sexual assault. 

VCSD Police Detective Sgt. 
Bob Jones, however, disagrees. 
Jones said that, although the 
number of sexual assaults has 
risen at UCSD in the past year, 
"We are not experiencing the 
number of incidents reported on 
the other UC campuses." 

According to Jones, sexual 
assault is loosely defined as 
either rape, attempted rape or 
sexual battery. Rape is defined 
as intercourse occuring against 
the victim's will. Actions con-
strued as an intention to rape, 
but where intercourse not actu-
ally occur is called attemped 
rape. Sexual battery is class i-

fied as battery with sexual over-
tones, usually not intended to 
physically injure the person. 

In the past two years, the num-
ber of reported sexual assaults at 
VCSD has gone from zero in 1988 
to two in 1989. Compared to a UC 
average of 2.8 covering the same 
time frame, UCSD falls just below 
the system's mean. 

According to Lt. William C0o-
per of the UC Berkeley police 
department, these statistics may 
seem low, especially those involv-
ing the larger campuses. Cooper 
said that one possible reason for 
the seemingly low statistics is the 
line drawn between the city and 
the campus police departments as 
to jurisdiction boundaries. 

"A lot of students live in the 
apartments or co-op [housing], 
which do not fall under the cam-
pus' police jurisdiction, but often 
do involve members of the student 
population," Cooper explained. 

"This limits our statistics and 
makes [the number of assaults] 
with students seem lower," he said. 

Assistant Chief of Police for 
UC Riverside Steve Staggs said 
"When you drive onto a college 

. campus, the atmosphere is differ-
ent than that of the surrounding 

city areas," 
"The people who live and 

work on campus are more aware 
of their community, I think. So 
[colleges] tend not 10 be an at-
tractive place for such crimes," 
he said. 

Several campus police de-
partments said it was difficult to 
make a statistical assumption as 
to the progressive trend of such 
cases because the number re-
ported is so small. 

"We like to think that the 
education programs are work-
ing and the number of assaults is 
decreased, but it's more likely 
that most [sex ual assaults] aren't 
reported," cooper said. 

All UC police departments 
agreed that acquaintence rape, 
sexual assault where the attacker 
is previously known to the vic-
tim, was clearly the most unre-
ported sexual offense among 
college-age women. 

"In a university setting, there 
is a stigma attached" to aquain-
tence rape, Jones said. 

"The fear of the criminal 
justice system as well [as fear 
of] the publicity" also inhibits 
victims from reporting sexual 
assaults, Jones said. 

NEWS 3 

PANEL: Past GSU Gives 
Advice To ASE Members 
Continued from page 1 
time of the strike, many under-
graduates, faculty members and 
some administrator joined the 
striking graduate student employ-
ees. She recommended that the new 
ASE enlist the support of their 
faculty just as the GSU did in the 
mid 70's. 

GSU member Susan Orlowski 
agreed, adding 
that the ASE 

GSU. 
Sullivan pointed out that if the 

graduate concern ofha vi ng to work 
over 20 hours per week were met 

,then they would have the time 
necessary to commit to ASE. 

Several of the former GSU 
members agreed that the ASE 
should focus on several graduate 
student employee concern, and -

work to ad-
dress them. 

should "seek 
help from other 
unions on cam-
pus." 

FormerGSU 
member Greg 
Robin so n 
pointed out that 
"UCSD was 
smaller back 

"We were torn 
between being good 
TAs and good grad 
students." 

"When a 
movement is 
going well, is-
sues are raised 
in attractive ar-
eas. [The 
GSU] enter-
tained strange 
minority is--Ub ill a-Arenas 

then, but [the 
GSU] was able 
to accomplish a great deal ... we 
organized work stopages and cre-
ated a union. 

"The University is semi-feudal 
institution," Robinson said, refer-
ring to the relationship between 
students and faculty advisors. 

When Ubilla-Arenas suggested 
that the ASE "recruit a large group 
of people who are very commit-
ted," several ASE members ex-
pressed concern over the amount 
of time they would need to commit 
to have a graduate student em-
ployee organization as effective as 

sue. You need 
to stay with 
one issue," 

Ubilla-Arenas said. 
Issues that ASE members said 

they would like to address in the 
organization included child care, 
contracts, hours, lab safety, and 
teaching assistant and research 
assistant selection and retention. 

Many of the ASE members 
agreed that some things don ' t 
change when Ubilla-Arenas said 
that GSU members felt "tom be-
tween being good T As and being 
good grad studenrs and trying to be 
both." 

Spirits of St. Germain LIVE! At tBE UCSD tRitON PUB 
SIDEWALK SALE 

Friday & Saturday, January 26-27 
Christmas cards, paper, gifts, gift wrap, 

mugs, party goods and many items from 
our regular stock now 50% to 70Ofo Off 

Inside San Diego's Most Unique Store 
save 20% to 30% Off our featured 

wines, liquors and beers. 

r-~~~------------------' I ~ .\:-, . C 0 U P 0 N " '. . I 
: ',' I FREE ICE CREAM CONE : 
I Buy one single scoop 

icecreamconefrom FREE I I Bud's Ice Cream Parlor I 
I and get a 2nd cone I 
I Expires 2/15/90 I L ______________________ ~ 

3251 HolIday Court ott VIla La JoIa 
La JoIa, CA 455-1.1. 

OPEN: SUN.-THURS, 6 am-Mid., FRI.-SAT. 6 am-2 am 
We pockage anc:t ItIIp CWlywheM. 

F,.. DelIvery In La Jolla aid QoIdwI JI1angIe a.a 
on any Older 01 $l5 and 0.,., 

, 

IUUUY 27 • IATURDAY • 8 PII • ftlTON PUB 
UCSD Ilf 81.00 • GaERAL $8.00 

• DCSD BOX OmCE • 134-t11l 

- COMING SOON! 

; 9 
nBRD_BY 10 • .. ",.DAY • 8 PM • HI".. PUB 

UCID Ilf 81.00 • OIllEIIAL ..... 
• UCID BOX OffICI • 134-4_ 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 22,1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN E ditorial Board 

SETH SLATER, Editor in Chief 
DA VID WY NER, Managing Editor 
ANTON BITI ER, ews Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
DA VID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 
Th~ UCSD GlUJrdian IS PU~IShed t\o\'ice w«kly II the University of California. San Diego. Contc:nts 

CI990. Views cxpre sod herein represtJU the majority voce of (he editorial board, and art not 
nccccnarily dKKe of the UC Board of RCGenrs. me ASUCSD AC>i the entire Guordi(J1t surf. 

RIMAC Election 

No Room For Apathy 
It ' s huge. 
Thirty-two million dollars . 2 10,000 square feel - take the 

Price Center, put a roof over the entire perimete r, and you have 
an idea of the size . Four to six courts for basketball and volleybalL 
Two weight training rooms. Racquetball courts. A five thousand 
seat event center. 

And more. 
It 's called RIMAC, which stands for Recreation/Intramural/ 

Athletic and Eve nt Center. It solves two pressing problems which 
face our rapidly growing Uni versity: the lack of recreational 
facilities , and the lack of a good venue for concerts and speakers. 

But the price is very steep: $70 a quarter. This fee would began 
when the doors open, which is projected to be in 1993 or 1994. 
The $70 would supplement other funds , including a projected six 
million dollars from fundraising, i.e. begging for contributions. 

Supporters of RIMAC try to bring the fee into perspective by 
arguing that it is two centers in one, and that since the fee doesn ' t 
begin for several years, inflation must be taken into account. 

But a disturbing question remains: for $210 a year, couldn' t 
students who wished to do so buy memberships at excellent 
health clubs? This is the issue voters must decide on Feb. 6 , 7, and 
8. If the convenience of having an excellent recreation center on 
campus - and a good event center - is worth $70 a quarter, it 
should pass. 

H owever, th is brings up another disturbing question: only a 20 

percent voter turnout is required, and for the referendum to pass, 
more than half of these must vote afftrmatively. It is entirely 
poSSIble in a special election that there will be such a low turnout. 

So a very small minority of students could impose a fee on the 
rest of the student body. And since the fee doesn't begin for three 
or four years , it is probable that the vast majority of those voting 
will never pay the fee , and will never use the facility. 

That's why it is essential that students overcome their apathy 
and vote. A large turnout would put the issue to rest, one way or 
another. There wouldn ' t be as much second guessing as in the 
case of the Price Center. 

There are infonnational flyers available around campus. Stu-
dents should obtain one as soon as possible, and begin to decide 
whether such a center is worth the cost. 

The flyers, which are ostensibly unbiased, present the basic 
facts of RIMAC. But they do leave out some of the disturbing 
issues . For example, the $70 fee is presented as a maximum, 
subject to reduction if more funds can be raised. It ' s essential that 
if the referendum passes, students stay vigilant to see that there 
is no waste, and fees are kept as low as possible. 

Another problem is that the fee will increase to keep up with 
inflation. But this is likely to be minor compared to other fee 
increases: about ftve dollars every five years. 

There is a great deal of campaigning going on for this center, 
much of it under the guise of "dispens ing information." There are 
al so serious spec ial interest groups here: people involved in inte r-
collegiate athletics, many of whom dream of UCSD becoming 
Division 1, people involved in campus programming, the large 
number of intramural participants - these are just of few ex-
amples. 

In fact, the political genius of RIMAe is the combination of 
constituencies; whe n there was insufficient support for just the 
recreatio n cente r , an event cente r was tacked on. It still only 
requires a small number of voters, but the base of supporte rs is 
grea tl y increased . 

The essential issue is th is: students must take time to become 
infonned on the issue and make a decision. M ost importantly , 
they must vote. Itdoesn't take very long , it wil l have a real impact 
on the fu ture of UCSD, and apathy would risk RIMAC becoming 
far more content ious than the Price Center ever was. 

Commentary 

Price Center Inconsiderate of Disabled 
By TRAC[ POWELL, Contributing Writer 

Wouldn 't you be frustrated if 
you had to wait for someone to 
open the door every time you went 
in or out of the bookstore? 

If no one happens to be going 
through when you need to then 
you must interrupt someone (who 
you probably don't know), who is 
perhaps in a hurry to get to class or 
involved in a deep conversation, 
to open the door for you. 

openers in the price Center. I ask 
myself, "Why not?" I say to my-
self, "UCSD is supposed to be a 
modem university with a diver-
sity of students. Shouldn' t UCSD 
be able to make its major lUXUry 
center comfortably accessible for 
all students, even the disabled 
ones?" 

I realize that this issue doesn' t 
affect most of the students on 
campus, and few of the professors 
or the people in the higher eche-

Ions of UCSD staff, but if the 
Price Center (which, by the way, 
is one of the most recently built 
structures on campus) is ridicu-
lously uncomfortable for only one 
student, then that 's enough to 
justify a need for change. 

The Price Cen~er looks mar-
velous, but disabled students cer-
tainly weren't in the plan when it 
was constructed. In the future, all 
students' needs should be consid-
ered when a building is designed. 

Sound irritating? Well , some 
students have to deal with this 
every time they go to the book-
store. 

Wouldn' t you be perturbed if 
you were on the second level of 
the Price Center, and the quickest 
way to the bottom level was a 
ramp that reminded you of lom-
bard Street? I hear many people 
talk about how inconvenient the 
ramp (if you can call it one) is, but 
some students have no other choice 
but to tackle the winding road. 

Males Are Pro-Choice, Too 

There are no electric door 

Editor 
I attended the pro-choice rally 

Monday morning (Jan.22) at the 
gym steps, and was left wonder-
ing whether other males there felt 
that some of the speakers' com-
ments were either intimidating or 
insulting. There is already enough 
in this political controversy that is 
intimidating or insulting without 

Parking Situation Unsafe 
Editor: 

1 am writing to you regarding 
the deplorable parking situation. 
It is unacceptable that I am paying 
$150 a year for a parking space, 
when there are not enough spaces 
to accommodate neither residents 
nor commuting students. 

As an on-campus resident 
paying $150 a year, I would think 
parking would be provided within 
a safe proximity to my residence 
(pepper Canyon). I do not con-
sider a 20 minute walk a safe 
proximity. 

On several occasions, I have 
come home and have been unable 
to find a space at the Pepper Can-
yon lots. 

As a female, I am not about to 

CAVNA 

park and walk from the Wacren 
parking lots, even ifI come home 
before the Escort Service is closed. 
I am not about to wait in the park-
ing lot for an escort to arrive. 

Many rapes and other crimes 
have occurred in the lots ofUCSD, 
and I am not going to put myselfin 
a dangerous situation. 

Due to this problem, I and many 
other residents have had to reson 
to parking at meters and 20 minute 
loading zones, resulting in park-
ing citations. 

Why should I pay LO park my 
car at a meter when I pay to live 
and park already at UCSD? 

This current parking situation 
is dangerously unsafe! 

April WeinsofY 

leaders attacking their own fol-
lowers and potential followers. 

For example, the thought that 
because I am sexually active, I 
might be forced to become a par-
ent, although I always use contra-
ceptives (condoms are only about 
80 percent effective when com-
bined with a spermicide and even 
the pill has a 1 percent failure rate. 
Every other method except sterili-
zation is less reliable) is very in-
timidating. Being told that half of 
the human race should be denied 
therighttocontrol their own bodies 
is insulting to my intelligence and 
humanity. 

That is plenty to contend with 
and should provide clear reasons 
for men to support the pro-choice 
movement. However, at Monday's 
rally I was disappointed to find 
speakers posing intimidating 
questions to all of the males in the 
audience and insulting our entire 
gender as the source of the anti-
choice movement. I would be the 
first to deny that males are the 
majority of the anti-choice lead-
ers and that most of the elected 
officials who would pass anti-
choice legislations are male. I 
would even argue that anti -choice 
is, in many cases, an effort in 

See CHOICE, page 6 

Cau~ht between a rock. and a hard. place , .. 

Monday, January 22, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Said Is Not an 'Expert' Ori Palestine 
Editor: should be two states. one Palestinian and one ls-

I attended the forum at which Professor Edward raeli." Yet, in 1947, when partition of the same 
Said spoke about the current situation in Israel and region was offered by the United Nations, the Is-
the occupied territories. raelis accepted, and the Palestinians, along with 

In the article "Expert on Palestine Speaks on seven Arab nations. refused with a declaration of war 
Campus" [The Guardian, Jan. 22], it was conveyed on Israel. 
that Edward Said's expertise deserved to go unchal- Mostoflsrael's land within her present borders is 
lenged. I offer a challenge not only backed by emo- a direct result of Arab aggression. It is also clear that 
tion, but by fact. Palestinians, as well as the PLO, do not wish to stop 

Said believed that Palestinian goals had been simply at partition. The state of Palestine's symbol 
solidified. I am unclear as to which Palestinian goals on contemporary T-shirts, jewelry, and the PLO sta-
he referred to. Perhaps it is the goal of Article 9 of the tionery letterhead illustrates not a partition of land 
Pa,lestinian National Char- ---------------- (occupied territories), but the 
ter (unchanged even today) , Said failed to cite that con- entire map of Israel. This 
which calls for the total an- dltlons In the West Bank letterhead was submitted as 
nihilation of Israel, as the recent Chairman Yass ir 
step in establishing a slale provided by Israel are Arafat ' s speech at the UN 
of Palestine. luxurious compared to the Geneva conference. There 

Or is it the goal of peace cenainly are underlying 
offereil by the PLO, an or- standards of treatment political lones, which Said 
ganizationlhal has been his- towards Palestinians of- vehemently denied in his 
torically notorious for the 6 -~ b th l t I speech. 
murder of innocents. Most ,e,f7U y e r paS OCCUp - As a Jew and Zionist, I 
recently,abranchofthePLO ers and Arab brothers... certainly hope that peace will 
was found to be responsible one day be cooperatively 
for the bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Locker- reached. Yet, I also must never forget history's treat-
bie, Scotland that claimed the lives of hundreds. ment of Jews, and the Arab response. Every histori-
Among them were students of Syracuse University cal era is credited with infamous anti-Semitic perse-
returning home for Christmas. cutions from the Crusades. the Inquisition, and, most 

Said stated further that the Palestinians are "a horrifying, the Nazi Holocaust. I thank Said for 
nation of prisoners .. . living without rights in the offering a complete separation of the Holocaust as a 
state of apartheid ruled by military authority." Said comparable issue to the Intifada. Arab sympathy 
failed to cite that conditions in the West Bank pro- during the ruthless persecutions has aligned them 
vided by Israel are luxurious compared to the stan- with the persecutor and not the victim. 
dards of treatment towards Palestinians offered by In 1945, the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem called for 
their past occupiers and Arab brothers; Egypt and a candlelight vigil and celebration to commemorate 
Jordan. Israel installed plumbing, sewers, homes, Hitler's destruction of six million Jews. If the world 
and established an education system for the West believes war criminals do not deserve forgiveness, 
Bank. Although conditions in the West Bank could why notthe PLO? Afterall,they didn'tonJy kill Jews 
be better, Israeli treatment outshines that of Jordan but hundreds of Americans as well. I hope we do not 
and Egypt. Finally, how is Israel to treat "an aggres- abandon and forget history, or it will most certainly 
sor" nation within their border? The Palestinians, repeat 
throughout occupation and the Intifada, have fought I agree with Said on one issue: that peace must be 
with Israel and therefore, must be policed. reached. Yet, contrary to Mr. Said's opinion, Israel 

Most shocking to me, however, was when Said does await the chance for peace. She will continue to 
stated that "the international consensus today is wait until a worthy messenger is presented. 
formed around the notion of partition . . . that there David Feuerstein 

SETH SLATER, Edilor In C/U~f 
DAVID WYNER, Managing Edilor 
ANTON BIlTNER, News Edilor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opimon Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Associare Sports Edilor 
JAMES COLLIER, Fealures Editor 
BRYAN DlAS, Music Edilor 
RANDY OOTINGA, Copy Edilor 
DOREEN ERENEA, Associal~ F ealures Edilor 
PHIL GRUEN, Sports Edilor 
PATRICIA JE1TIE, Hialus Editor 
GAIL JOHNSON, Associale PholO Editor 
LENG LOH, Associate HialUS Edilor 
JEFF QUAN, Grap/Ucs Edilor 
JASON SNELL, Associare News Ediror 
RIMAS UZGtRIS, Photo Edilor 
BOB DeANDREA, Business MalfiJger 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Adverlislng Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Adverrising Designer 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Manager 

__ WriI ... : ..-. ___ CIwI_ Hul ... _'tow. -'_._ y Lyn W"*"" 
_____ Uuoo _«. Mile 8<".. Ben 8oydIuk. Eric _ . Los BNY"'" CyIIIhiI 

~I~ Scot. c ....... Eric~. CIwtalno Huhar. Melinda HamillOn. MIl)' lIetIy _ . 
__ . Lan _ . AdIoa LevY. "'" '--. J_ MIIUInc<. JooO 0diIu. IloYid_ T"_.Doua_. __ ._IerY_ 
.............. " __ 0101_ JaR ~Y. Cory UdIchin. _ Lua. Brion ManIs. 
-Zonp 
-.: MIlo C_. Tony _ CIItn Lew. Mel _ Kay ..... Ty.- Tripoli 
T"..., l.any _)(ad B_,._ Fa .... JIoo Mol_ 
e.". -.: HoUy C_, 0,.. H_,. J. P\ozon. _ Sprirlt<r 
_ : Soc: a.e.. Orxe 0I0d. __ C11ri. KoYICI, RobIn _Lean, Jerr y .. quchl 
_ A_ Ben 80,.-. Lan ... ioler. Jcmif.,yflUY 

""UCSDG __ b ,......_ys .. ~ ........ __ .,. ....... _ .lUCSD. 
~01'" _ .......... MY rOftll , wlilttller . wtDIe or ill .............. dIioI il suic:dy ~ 
CIII!lO."""_ 

1lIrUCSDG"""'il""~Jorw.rew.o(...,.itiecd.....mpuGl'''''' 'Rcviewsca.p.etICd_ ~ 
... Jipcd ..... rK~.1OI MItUariJy ...... _ ..... oITIw UCSDC ..... , dtc V.venity 
olCIlWonaieOf_~~oIUCSO. Viewse.PftiIIOd ....... odiIoriIIt ..... ..;oI'ilyop.... 

_of*~CIdiiorW'*d~ol _cdilPr .. dlld' ......... ediIot, ... ' CII*In.., opin_ edikW. 
E4IIoriaI: 534-6580 ......, 534-~ r .. : 534-101 UCSD B .. I6, La JoIII. CA 92093 

GUAKnIAN 
T"'--_Pte-=gistered Students and Post Doc's 

"Cover your Dod" with 

OPINION 5 

Important Career 
Information for All 
Liberal Arts Majors! 
The harsh reality of college is that your degree isn't going 
to open every door for you. You need practical 
experience and demonstrated skills in order to get 
that great Job. More and more, the talents employers are 
looking for are good writing and communication skills. 

And there's no better place to learn and demonstrate 
those skills than at your college newspaper. 

If your interested in a career in the media, than college 
reporting experience is a must. And even if you 're not. 
you'd be surprised at how valuable reporting skills are in 
almost any career. 

Now's the perfect time to get involved with your 
newspaper because the Guardian is looking for new 
writers. 

To be one, you need to participate in the Winter Quarter 
Internship Program beginning next Monday at 7:00 
pm In HSS 2150. 

The four-week program, taught by fellow students. is a 
great way to learn the basics of interviewing, writing, and 
journalism in general. It's also a good way to get invovled 
and have a great time at UCSD. "you have any 
questions. gIve Seth or Dave a call at 534-6580. 
See you Monday! 

CONGRATUIATIONS 
TO THE NEW INITIATES OF THE 

SIGMA KAPPA SIGMA CLASS 
Andrea Cast 
Cathy Chol 
Alisa C1um 
Dawn Cuny 
Renee Delue 
Colita Ellis 
Linda Feinberg 
Dana Forst 
Jennifer Goodwin 
Rachel Gwyn 
Lesley Klein 
Karen Koehler 
Jeanne Lamer 
Andrea Loiselle 
Suzanne Marks 

Alice Martin 
Alison Matsumoto 
Anette Monagas 
Dina Okamoto 
Barbara Onishi 
Tracy Powell 
Laura Ramos 
Nancy Rubin 
Cart Schindler 
Kristin Trace 
Kim Tong 
Katherine Warner 
Karrt Willemsen 
ArnyWilson 
Cyndi Yee 

The Best Shows in Town are at 

FE81lci~y 2 Sickness and 
..iiiii. IDEO GAl I FRY 

Accident Insurance 
Student Premium - $109.50 
Spouse - $179.50 
Children - $121.50 

L...--------per quarter 

ENROLLING NOW 
Information and applications are avoiloble at 

Student Health Center • Q-039 • 534-3300 

because: 
We cater to studentsl • We have the But Selection of movies (Including the 

finest foreign film collection in the county) • M_ Copies of the New 
Releases • No Membership .... - A Friendly and KnowleclCabie Staff that 

knows movies • &arpin Days every Monday and Thursday 
NEW RElEASES: UNCLE BUCK - TURNER & HOOCH 

- NEW YORK STORIES 
COMING SOON: PINK CADILLAC 

INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE 

Bring This Ad to Rent One Movie 
and get a Second Rental FREE! 
------Mond~ thruT~daY~pire~1/~------

Costa Verde Center - 8750 Gene'Bee • 450-1766 
La Jolla Village Center near Ralph's • 460-1564 

Hours: Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-8 pm/Fri .-Sal 11 am-10 pm 
2 LOCA 



6 OPINION 

Important Career 
Information for All 
Science and 
Engineering Majors! 
You may have your sights set on finding a cure for cancer, 
or designing a new generation of computers, but just 
because you're not a liberal Arts major doesn't mean 
you shouldn't learn to write well. 
Engineering and science research firms know this. If you 
can't express your ideas or tell the world what you've 
discovered, what good is all your research? And what 
good are you to the firm? 
That's why learning to write well now Is just as 
Important as all your O-Chem and Computer Science 
classes. 
And the best way to learn clear, concise writing Is 
through your college newspaper, 
Now's the perfect time to get involved with your 
newspaper because the Guardian is looking for new 
writers. 
To be one, you need to participate in the Winter Quarter 
Internship Program beginning next Monday at 7:00 
pm In HSS 2150. 
The four·week program, taught by fellow students, is a 
great way to learn concise, organized writing. Not to 
mention that it's probably a lot more fun than your O· 
Cheml If you have any questions, give Seth or Dave a 
call at 534-6580. 
See you Monday! 

COMING NEXT MONTH: 
The Guardian's Valentine Classifieds. 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 

hot chocolate! 
to O'''\I.,~. 

LA JOLlA COLONY 
7770 Regents I~d , . Ste. 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

lr, 
' \ N"tor 0, 

.. "\ 10 LO" 
'o',ho'i!" c. 'l 

Woo I '.0 •.. 0 

U', 
. 

~-~ 

--------------------------

2 for 1 ~===: IeIIer va"'- FREE. Void \ liltl any othe, offer. Toppings not included. 
000 coupon per Cl..~omer . Expires 1/28/90. 

-

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~--------------------------~ 
loth'. WAllHOUSE·ln KMrny MeIG, _ Convoy"." 

FUTONS OR FRAMIS 
5% DISCOUNT .... WAY LOUNOIa & 6" fUTON 
when you buy cotton said Moo & Twin S96.90 Queen $126.35 
Iounger herein. simuhaneour==sIy~=__~FU~1I S~1:14:.95=~~~Ki~ng~$1~90~.OO~~~~ 
fUTONl IIUTONI I'UTOIII PUTON. 

6.: a: §: a: 
TWfl $60$80 Twil $69 $89 
Ful $70 $90 Ful $89 $109 
<Men sao $100 (Men $99 5129 
King $110 $130 (~"""', 
(cotton) 2 pi«M tI COlO) 

r=-I fUTON 
............... COViU 

6.: a: Solid Print TWfl $t09 $t29 T $31 $50 Ful $119 $139 
Queen $ 129 $149 F $36 $65 
(PrinIId bcIIlJM) Q $38 S80 

.. IW l1'OIII IIOUa 
Thurs. 12·7 pm; Fri. 12-6 pm 
Sat. 10.5 pm; Sun. 11-4 pm 
Mon.-WecL appal."" ..... 
292-4673,. 569-7011 
YIIA-MASlRCAltD-YISI 

6.: a: ... , ... , ....... 
Twin $65 $85 6.: a: 
Fun $75 $95 Twin $89 $109 
Queen $85 5105 FuU $99 $119 
(I",... 0/ 10iMJI Queen $109 $129 
incoro) IPrinI«f_SJde} 

l'IlAMIi 4-WAY 
PULLIIZI LOU ..... 
Pine $109 'ItAMII 
Oak $199 Twin $42 
Swing $169 Ful $51 
Steel $266 Queen $53 
Chelsea $159 King $90 

LAII .. INYlII1'OItY TAICI • 
Prices subject to change. 

DeMry available, 
"4107 M.Rury It., W.--.. -,-

T1k8 ~ or ill·l631o CIainNnontMe&a BI\<d. 
Go 2 bIodII ..... on Me!tuty 51., on 
NE aI!IIII' 01 MIIaIy IIld Anon Rd. 

The UCSD Guardian 

BENSON 

Choice 
Continued from page 4 
legally-approved male dominance 
of female political rights. I will 
not, though, accept blanket insults 
to my gender, and I think that 
politically active females should 
be very conscious of the differ-

MONEY 
is available for 
your education 

FREE 
scholarship info. 

EVERYONE 
is eligible regardless of 

grades or income 

Results 
GUARANTEED 
For a Free Brochure 

Call (619) 490-0045 or 
write P.O. Box 2443 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

VISIT 
ETmOPIA 
RESTAURANT 
for authentic cuisine 

2710 Garnet Ave. 1108 
Pacific Beach 
for info and 
reservations 

call (619) 270-6453 

Open 6 days a week 

.~Tacolime 

FREE 
DRINK RERLLS 

Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

La Jolla Village CenMr 

ence between an intimidating and 
a thought provoking question. 

All sexually acti ve people have 
much to lose if abortion becomes 
illegal, and all American citizens 
have far too much to lose if any 
political faction succeeds in bul-
lying the federal government into 
limiting citizens' rights to control 
theirown bodies' biological func-
tions. 

For these reasons I feel that the 

Monday, January 22,1990 

supporters, regardless of gender. 
I sincerely hope that I was the 

only male (aside from the anti-
choice protestors) who felt slightly 
unwelcome during some parts of 
the rally, but I fear that is not the 
case. 

Workers for freedom ofchoice, 
I support your fight because it is 
my fight also. I just ask that you be 
careful not to intimidate and in-
sult half of your potential support-

pro-choice movement is essential ers. 
and should encourage all of its Adam Zuckerman 

The UCSD GURrdian welcomes letters from 
students, faculty and staff. Drop your 
letter at the GUllrdian offices (in the old 
Student Center, where the A.S. offices, 
used to be) or mail it to Opinion Editor, 
GlUlrdilln, UCSD, B-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. Letters should be typed, double-
spaced and should include a signature and 
phone number. We reserve the right to 
edit letters for length and clarity. 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
("'-CQtI$U/l4t1on and Initial troalmenl 15 min. 120 ..,w.. F1rs1~ cJ_ only)' 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Pl'1 rnJI~ellt helll RelllQVdl 

• American Medical Association 
approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

" Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female staff, stale Uc. technicians 

Alexander's Electrolysis 
lAJoIM v",.. Prqf_uIoIuIl ~ 
Bebtnd Elephant Bar 
558.08a8JoIJa Dr. Ste. 2121 ~ 

°Expires 2/8/90 

CONGRATULATIONS 
to the New Initiates of 
Phi Beta Phi! 

Thursday, January'25, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

RALLY: Students Show Support for 1973 Supreme Court Decision 
Continued from page 1 
sure the vociferous pro-life minor-
ity don ' t take control. ·' 

"Why is it that Roe y , Wade 
means so much to us as women? 
Why should we have to defend this 
legislation to remain in control of 
our own bodies?" DevraPolack of 
the Women's Resource Center 
asked. 

Referring to pro-life activists 
who claim humanitarian motives, 
Polack added, "I don ' t see what is 
so humanitarian about restricting 

one gender's autonomy over thei r the audience to speak, saying that 
own body." civil rights is about freedom of 

Molly McKay, a vi sual arts choice. 
major, marked the seventeenth "Pro·choice is not about say-
anniversary of Roe y . Wade with a ; ing abortion is a great thing. It is 
perfonnance of "Freedom," a song about say ing choice is a great 
written by Joan Biaz. thing," she said. 

"Every woman has the right to Karen Kogel of Students for 
do whatever she wants with her Pro-Choice called for volunteers 
body - that shouldn ' t even be in for the organization's project Sat-. 
question," McKay declared. urday , escorting patients into an 

UCSD student Mitsi Herrera abortion clinic that Operation Life, 
also climbed the gym steps from a pro-life group, will be protesting. 

Photos by Gall Johnson/Guardian 

Top: Students gathered in support of the 1973 Roe v. Wade 
abortion ruling by the Hump last Monday. Right: Ralliers [H] 
Catherine Panofsky, Molly McKay, and Racine Barton sit on 
the Gym steps. 

TODAY! 

The Lterature Il:partment invites you to a 

Troupe is author ofseveral volumes of 
poetry, includini: Snlflee-Blfck Solos. the 
winner of the 1980 American Book 
Award for poetry, He has just pubIished 
the definitive life stoD' of Miles Davis. 
Miles; The AutobiqptWa. Miles DRyis 
with Quina TroUJ'e. The rcadin~ will take 
place today. Tanual)' 25. 1990 at 2 :30 
p.m . in Room 142. Third Co!lc&;e 
Humanities Buildin&;. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~~""-;ng .............. ., .... .-00 .... 
:._." •• "cINng OYefIooWne" lAt ..... eo. 

:soo-."., ~ ... Restaurant ~ ... IItlon Aw ard." 
~Ient food and servlow" 

Ramola Mahajani 
Corporate MINger, Taj Group of Hotels, Iwa .... Indio 

, Specialfllng In Tandoori f, vegetllliln clines, 
mild to hoIJpk:y curries f, delicioUi Blryanies . . 

Open 7 Days 
l unch: 11 :30- 2:30 
Dinner: 5:00 - 9:30 

71shoba Reservations 454·6263 • 
CUISINE OF INOV\. 

Moderate Price · All major crd 
cards are accepted, ; , 

8008 Girard Avenue, LaJola 
(2nd tIDor c:cmer of lower Girard and PnIIpecl St.) 

. I ' 

20% OFF 
for all UCSD Students, 

Faculty and Staff* 
"Excludill(t Fri., Sol., Sun. & Holidc.ya 

I Pk<ue prellt!nt coupon when orrkrill(t . Di6counl doe. not apply to Bufftl. 

BUFFET LUNCH 
All You Can Eat 
Every day $6.95 L _________________________ ...... 

\Vould \ ' ()l ' Like a Job (), erseas'? 
Allen & Associates is a New York-based consultant finn servicing clients in business 

and industry as well as government and non·profit organizations. We have a standing 
requirement to locate and recruit professionals in various technical fields to fill jobs 
abroad. 

Currently, we are looking for candidates from among foreign nationals to work full 
or part-time as representatives or consultants for U.S. companies in their branch offices 
overseas. 

We believe it is in your best interest to utilize our cost·free service (the hiring 
company pays our fees). If you are language·qualified and interested in working for a 
U.S. finn abroad. send resume with cover letter indicating interest to Allen and 
Associates. Once we receive your resume, you will be contacted by one of our 
representatives for an interview at your convenience. All applications are confidential. 

Some part-time positions are available which can be 
filled while finishing studies in U.s. 

WRIITEN INQUIRIES ONLY 

Send your information to: ALLEN 
& ASSOCIATES 
P.Q. &o:a 126~4.SanQiqo,Caliromia 9211~.)61. 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

Features 

Jaime Muldoon/Guardian 
Paolo Davanzo, left, and Vickie Teshin head UCSD's chapter of Teach for America, a group that recruits college seniors to work 
as instructors in urban and rural areas. 

Teachin for America 
Student Group Helping in a Drive to Recruit Teachers 
By SANGEETA MEHTA 
StajfWriter 

What started out as a Princeton 
student's senior thesis has bloomed 
into a nation-wide program aimed 
at helping America 's educational 
system. 

The recently-organized Teach 
for America, a national teacher 
corps, plans to recruit university 
graduates from across the country 
to teach in parts of the U.S. that 
have severe teacher shonages. 

Sophomores Paolo Davanzo 
and Vickie Teshin represented 
UCSD last December at a Prince-
ton University conference that 
organized this group. 

They were among representa-
tives from 100 universities who 
met and listened to inner-city chil-
dren, teachers, and prominent fig-
ures in education talk about stu-
dents ' educational needs that aren 't 
being met. 

"We want to make people aware 
that there is a problem with our 
educational system. Cities includ-

ing Lo Angeles, New York City. 
and Washington D.C are called 
emergency crisis areas because of 
their alleged drastic collapses in 
education. 

"Sometimes 50 kids are in one 
classroom," Davanzo said. "The 
lack of moti vated, enthusiastic, and 
qual ified teachers is enormous," 
Teshin added. 

And so came the idea of Teach 
for America. Its leaders are seek-
ing university graduates to respond 
to this need for competent teachers 
in both the elementary and secon-
dary level. The program is aiming 
to recruit 500 people to teach for 
the coming school year. Recruits 
will receive regular teacher sala-
ries. 

Teshin explained, "You don ' t 
have to want to be a teacher for 
your career to do this," Teshin 
explained. " It's just a two-year 
commitment. We' re looking for 
people with a bachelor's degree in 
any major who will be able to 
inspire the kids, although we're 
not discouraging anyone." 

While there won ' t be any dis-
crimination in the application proc-
ess, Teach for America hopes to 
help improe what they view as the 
shonage of math, science, and for-
eign language instructors, in par-
ticular, according to the organiza-
tion. 

From February through April, a 
panel composed of teachers and 
Teach for America leaders will 
travel across the nation to begin 
the recruiting process. The appli-
cation consists of a written appli-
cation, an interview, and call-
backs. The panel is tentatively 
scheduled to be at the UCSD 
Career Center during the first 
week of March. 

The chosen candidates will 
participate in an eight-week long 
training program in teaching. 

This training will not yield 
teaching credentials; it will how-
ever, present the members with 
emergency licenses that will qual-
ify them to teach in public schools 
in the aforementioned areas along 
with Chicago, the Rio Grande 

'Sometimes, 50 kids are 
in one classroom. The lack 
of motivated, enthusiastic, 
and qualified teachers is 
enormous.' 

- Paolo Davanzo 

Valley in Texas, and rural areas in 
Nonh Carolina and Louisiana. 

Davanzo said candidates will 
"have their own classes" and "will 
really be used." 

Feb. 10 has been proclaimed 
Teach for America day, during 
which all 100 universities that 
helped organize the corps will host 
a day of educational events for 
area school children. 

UCSD will host fifth-graders 
from Jackson Elementary School, 
a San Diego school with a signifi-
cant number of Indo-Chinese and 
Hispanic students. The itinerary 
includes an orientation, three short 

See TEACH, page 9 

Turtle Island Quartet to Perform at Mandeville 
The Turtle Island String Quar-

tet, which records for Windham 
Hill Productions' stable of jazz and 
new age performers, will perform 
at 8 p.m. Jan. 27, in the Mandeville 
Center Auditorium. 

This jazz-oriented quartet was 
formed in the mid-eighties, after 
founders David Balakrishnan and 
Darol Anger. both violinists, met 
and played together for several 
projects. The group now includes 
Katrina Wreede, violist, and Mark 
Summer, cellist. 

Balakrishnan is a composer who 

received his M.A. in music com-
position and education from Anti-
och University West. Afterreceiv-
ing his B.A. in music from UCLA, 
he moved to the San Francisco Bay 
area, where he has been teaChing, 
recording, and performing for the 
past 10 years. He has appeared in 
concert With Stephane Grappelli , 
David Grisman, and other string 
jazz organizations throughout the 
United States and Canada. 

Anger, from the Pacific North-
we t, has appeared on the Gri sman 
Group 's albums The David Gris-

man Quintet, Hot Dawg, Quintet 
'80, MoTUioMando, and others. He 
has played violin, mandolin, and 
cello on recordings for Suzanne 
Vega, Holly Near, Henry Kaiser, 
and Windham Hill anists Will 
Ackerman and Alex DeGrassi. 

Anger's own album, Fiddle-
sticks, was released to critical ac-
claim in the late '70s. Anger also 
has appeared as a featured soloist 
with George Winston on the sound-
track of the 1984 motion picture 
"Country," starring Sam Shepard 
and Jessica Lange, and on the 1985 

release "Sweet Dreams," also with 
Lange and Ed Harris. 

Wrecde has studied with Louis 
Kievman (NBC Symphony), Vir-
gina Majewski (MGMSymphony), 
and Mehli Mehta (American Youth 
Symphony). She has led the ac-
claimed Almaden String Quartet 
and the Skyline Trio, and is a found-
ing member of the Bay Area Jazz 
Composers' Orchestra. She teaches 
at Santa Clara University and 
coaches the viola section of the 
California Youth Symphony. She 

See QUARTET, page 9 

Thursday, January 25,1990 

UCSD 
Theatre 
Hosts 
Forum 

The UCSD Theatre De-
partment will be hosting a 
symposium. The Classics ill 
Contemporary Theatre, in co-
operation with the La Jolla 
Playhouse on Feb. 23 through 
25 at the Price Center. 

The Symposium will fea-
ture acclaimed theatre artists 
and scholars who will inves-
tigate issues concerning the 
staging of classical plays and 
will include discussions about 
the methodsofinteipretation, 
direction, and design cur-
rently used in the production 
of classics. 

The keynote speaker for 
the event is Jonathan Miller, 
artistic director of the Old 
Vic Theatre in London , 
whose keynote address is 
entitled "Survival of the Fit-
test?" The public may attend 
either the tree-day sympo-
sium or Miller's keynote 
address, which will be co-
hosted by UCSD Extension 
on Feb. 23. 

The Symposium partici-
pants are some of the Ameri-
can theatre's most distin-
guished directors, designers, 
artists, writers, and scholars 
who will meet in panels de-
vised to explore the relation-
ship between theatre and con-
temporary society and the 
manner in which this rela-
tionship is reflected in the 
production of classic plays 
for the contemporary stage. 

The panelists will dis-
cuss which plays and authors 
could be considered to be part 
of the American classical 
tradition and the techniques 
used by theatre anists to 
approach the production of 
classical versus non-classi-
cal plays. 

They will also consider 
the current methods being 
used to translate or adapt 
classical plays, questioning 
the ways in which our con-
temporary visualization of 
history and past cultures in-
fluences our treatment ofclas-
sic texts. 

In addition, the panels will 
address the difficulty of des-
ignating any playa classic in 
a multicultural society such 
as the one that ex ists in the 
United States. 

The Symposium director 
is Jim Carmody, a UCSD 
theatre department facully 
member who studied at the 
University of Paris, Trinity 
College in Dublin and Stan-
ford University. 

In describing his thinking 
about the Symposium, Car-
mody commented, "It has 

See FORUM, page 9 

Int'l Gallery Brings Out 
Ethnic Art 

By Mark Bubien 
Staff Writer 

"Out of Africa: The Exhibit," a 
collection of ethnic art from Af-
rica and New Guinea, is currently 
on display at the International Gal-
lery in downtown San Diego 
through March 4. 

Upon entering the exhibit, 
one's gaze is immediately drawn 
toward a clock on a black wall. 
American technology at its finest, 
the tIme-piece performs its func-

tion without beauty or majesty. It 
is gleaming white, an endless op-
position to the tapestries and figu-
rines with which it shares the room. 

But one simply glances upon 
the face, calculates the hand posi-
tioning. Mindlessly, the instant is 
registered, and, as thoughts turn 
from technological to tribal, the 
clock is forgotten. 

Stephen Ross, the gallety's di-

A classical Luba seat, possibly representative of the chief's 
wives. 

rector, greets observers and leads 
them through the figurative sculp-
ture and textiles from native Afri-
can cultures. He passes canoe prows 
and head-hunter shields from the 
Sepic River region of Papau, New 
Guinea. 

Finally, he pauses to raise the 
question of the clock. For most, the 
significance is lost- it simply tells 
time. 

"But, it's a joke ," he explains. 
The clock is the American 

equivalent to the displayed works. 
It is viewed, not for its artistic sig-
nificance, but for the function it 
performs. Few would contemplate 
the clock as an isolated incident of 
beauty without considering it as a 
time-keeper. 

So it is for the cultures which 
crea ted the objects in the exhibit. 
Primarily, the collection includes 
objects of ritual and implements 
used in daily living. But, each 
piece-be it a ccmb, talisman , or 
stool-serves a purpose and is cre-
ated not as an artistic representa-
tion, but as an utilitarian instru-
ment. 

"In our culture, much of art has 
no utili ty. But, contemporary art is 
no more legitimate than this," Ross 
says, as he tums to consider the 
exhibit as a whole. "These objects 
should be viewed simply for their 
aesthetic quality." 

As Ross pauses, the clock can be 
heard ticking, and one realizes that 
time permeates many aspects of 
the exhibit. 

In the ten years Rossspentgath-
ering the collection, he developed 
an appreciat ion for the sculptures 

If 
You 

Thought 
You 

Couldn't 
Start 

At The 
Top Now You 

Other companies talk about being a 
leader . .. May Department Stores Com- MAY 
pany is the benchmark for that compari- . 
son. Sales exceed $12 billion annually and 
May has achieved 14 consecutive years of record sales and earn-
ings. Our talented, innovative team achieved this record. 
Others talk about promotion from within ... May does it. We are 
looking for achievers to join May and to continue our record-setting 
style. 

and weavings, a love which is evi-
dent as he describes speci fic pieces. 

He holds an ancestra l talisman. 
It serves as a charm to bring aid 
from relat ives in the spiritual realm. 
From the front, the body is thin, 
the arms spidery, the legs squat. 
Ross points out intricacies and 
imperfections in the wood as he 
discusses the impressions received 
from the piece. "There is a serene, 
real feeling." 

This piece, like most of the 
statuettes from Africa , models hu-
manistic qualities. 

Similarity of style is evident. 
Many of the carvings have a 
stretched, emaciated look when 
viewed from the front. On the 
other hand, from the side, some 
take on a bloated, herniated char-
acteristic. 

But, as one closely inspects 
See ART, page 6 

EFF 
NFIELD Other retailers are recruiting Asst. Managers ... We're looking for 

vice-presidents. We'll provide the coaching, counseling and train-
ing to help you reach your potential. Our compensation levels are 
aggressive. 

MEDIA CRITIC & POLn'rCAL ANALYST SPEAKING ON 
POLITICS & THE MEDIA 

Stop by & see several UCSD Alumni 
In front of the Price Center 

10 a.m. - 4 p.m. 
Thursday, January 25, 1990 

Bring your resume 

MAY The May Department tores Company, St. Louis, Missouri 

A syndicated colwnnist and poIiticalj 
media analyst at ABC News, Green· 
field brings a unique wit and pc:npc:c-

ti~ to oue political scene. As an 
'aging baby-boomer ' who was 'part 
of the fint generation that liked rock 
Be roll,' his usc of cultural artifacts to 
make a political point is legendary. 

His incisi~ comments combined with 
his dry humor have made him a cult 
hero to millions oflate·night news 
jwlkies who catch his regular appear-
ances on ABC·1V's NitJ"tJiJU and 
read his colum 05. He is, as the V'""",_ 
VoiG, has said, ' the most literate wit ' 
of anyone in 1V news. 

FEBR.UARY 2 • FRIDAY • 8 PM • MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
G.A. $9,00 • STUDENTS $5.00 • SR.CrT. $8.00 ?~~=;;;-
UCSD BOX OFFICE. 534.4559 77CK_~..cIS7W""'. 

"'~,.MCC""'~ .t., . ., .. n •• 
Presented by UCSD University Events Be Student Activities 

( ~~I/\ r " :~\i'.1 I:~~ v "- [ ',I, 



___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
... -_._----_ .. __ ._-----,-----------

• Must present coupon and valid UCSO 10 at time of estimate 
Not valid with major eng ine or transmission repairs. 

.iiir. ) CALL IIFORN'A 

l2 ! 1450-94941 :J~ 
I l/ rQlllOI'" U.""I 

W ' _ • 
If You Have Friends with 'VW's, Ask Them 

About Us; It They Haven't Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 

5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I , 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

-----
----------

}Our Decision. }Our Choice. 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immediate 

Test Results 
• Pregnancy 

Termi n ation 
• General or Local 

Anesth esia 
• Affordable 

Birth Control 
• Student Discount 

Tlte Col/ege Line 
535-1379 

r.r;r;'t .L ' Iil.iJljJ n CnOICe 
Fnmify PlaHning 

Associn!!!s 
Medical CrollP 

~When I call Mom, 
she either wants 
to talk art or tbotball. 
Usually football?, 

Go ahead, call her up and let 
her know the score. 

A 10-minute roast·to-coa~t caU, 
dialed direct anytime, any day with 
AI&1; cost Ie -s than $3.00.' And 
with fast connections and immedi-
ate credit for wrong numbers, how 
can you miss? 

fOr more information on 
Iff&T Lcmg Distallce Seroice, and 
products like the A7&TCard, call 
I 800 525-7955, Ext. 100. 

tAdd apphcable lues and sumurges. 

• ~htchoice. 

Art 
Continued from page 5 

works from different regions, vari-
at ion in facia l proportion and 
expression becomes evident. In 
pieces from Fante, the head is 
angular, the brow e longated. From 
G hana, t he face is p lanar an d 
rounded. From Sierra Leone, the 
nose is flattened, the mouth is 
lengthened. But fro m each, the 
same quality is being modeled-
human beauty. The art exagger-
a tes the aspects whic h each cul-
ture considers most a ttrac tive. 

The N ew G uinean pieces, in -
stead of mode ling human ist ic 
qualities, focuses on animalist ic 
tra its. Canoe prows rese mble 
crocodile heads-eyes of she ll , 
sharpened teeth, etch ed scales. In 
the exhibit one is transported 
through t ime, reminded of th e 
intr icate carvings of sea creatures 
and mermaids upon the bows of 
long-gone galleons. Though ages 
and miles separate the shapers, the 
purposes are the same: to ward and 
protect . 

Returning, once again, to Af-
rica, Ross stands within range of 
th e clock and declares, "I'm a tex-
tile freak." 

The time involved in creation 
of the body wraps is staggering. 
The textiles are constructed by 
weaving strips of separate panels 
individually. These must then be 
measured and fi t in to the wrap 
through a painstaking process. I t is 
the art of qu il ting returned to its 
roots. 

T he variety between tapestries 
abound. In one weaving, color 
commands attention . Blues and 
yellows are interwoven with black 
and red. Though these colors seem 
a strange mix, upon the textile 
they create a synergistic warmth. 

In another, the color is bland, 
but the weaving and painting is 
striking. Some panels contain geo-
metric figures drawn with sticks 
and dye, while others contain cross 
shapes impressed with stamps. 

Leaving the exhibit , one may 
n otice a stool-a concave sea t 
supported by several carved col-
umns. Between the columns a heart 
is sh aped, clasped between two 
hands. The significance of the 
symbol is emphas ized by Ross: "The 
semantics [of express ion] are dif-
fe rent , but the ideas they portray 
are the same." 

The ''Out of Africa" exhibit 
presents utilitarian objects as ob-
jets d 'art expressing the cultural 
beliefs of societ ies that o ften seem 
light years distant from ours. 

Bakkhai 
Continued from page 4 
telling the story of the play the 
only way we can tell it in 1990. 
There are no masks. We're trying 
to access the story through things 
that we know." 

"I've been wanting to do this 
play forever," Mileaf explained. "I 
hope this production will break 
the myth that Greek theatre is old 
and boring." 

"The Bakkhai" plays a t the 
Mandell Weiss Theatre January 
31 through February 4 at 8 p.m .. 
Tickets are $10 general admis-
sion , $8 for UCSD faculty, staff, 
and sen ior citizens, and $6 for 
students. For further info rmation 
call 534-4574. 

Thursday, January 25,1990 

Quartet 
Continued from page 8 
has performed with such mus icians 
as Zubin Mehta, Isaac Stem, Itzak. 
Perlman, Dave Brubeck, Gunther 
Schuller, and Monon Gould. 

Summer began formal study 
of the cello at the age of nine. He 
attended the Cleveland Insti tute of 
Music and studied with the princi-
pal cellist of the Cleveland Or-
chestra, Stephen Geber. 

Summer performed for three 
seasons with the Winnipeg Sym-
phony in Manitoba, Canada, but in 
the mid '80s turned his focus to 
jazz when he joined the TunIe Is-
land String Quartet. 

In addition to his perfonnances 
of improvised music, Summer has 
perfonned many concens of mod-
em chamber music, Baroque, and 
symphonic works with groups 
including the Oakland Symphony, 
the Oakland Ballet, the Chamber 
Symphony of San Francisco, the 
Almaden String Quartet, the Quar-
tet at the University of California, 
Davis, and the modem music group 
Iskra. 

The Turtle Island String Quar-
tet has a recording released under 
the group's name, and a second 
titled "Metropolis," both with 
Windham Hill Productions. 

Tickets for the Tunle Island 
String Quanet are $ 12 for general 
admission, $ 10 for seniors, and $8 
for students and can be purchased 
at the Price Center. 

Wi 

Teach 
Continued from page 8 
periods of classes, a sporting event, 
lunch, and finally a banner-mak-
ing session to help attract seniors 
to participate in Teach for Amer-
ica. 

Davanzo and Teshin are seek-
ing volunteers for this day-long 
event, as at least 50 children will 
take part. 

"Our goal is to show the kids 
that college has a fun learning 
environment and to get people 
aware of Teach for America," 
Davanzo explained. 

"Many times, seniors are unde-
cisive about their lives, and Teach 
for America is a great opportunity 
for them as well as for those who 
do want to go into teaching," 
Teshin said. "They can get these 

The 
I 

The UCSD Guardian 

'Many times seniors are 
undecisive about their 
lives, and Teach for 
America is a great op-
portunity for them as well 
as for those who do want 
to go into teaching., 

-V!dcie Tethin 
kids off the streets and into the 
classrooms, and inspire them to 
think, ' Wow, I can actually make a 
difference. ' " 

Forum 
Continued from pace 8 
been twenty-five years since Jan 
Kou published Shalcespeare our 
Contemporary, a book whic h 
vastly influenced the way we think 
about the production of classical 
plays. 

In that time, the classics have' 
played a significant pan in the 
development of an American the-
atrical tradition. We feel that it is 
now time to begin a careful and 
sustained examination of the role 
that the classics play in our con-
temporary theatre." 

"We are very pleased by the 
initial response to the Symposium, 
both in te.nns of the numbers of 
people wbo have already regis-
tered to attend and in tenns of the 
quality of the artists and scholars 
wbo have agreed to panicipate as 

FEATURES 9 

panelists," said Theatre Depart-
ment Chainnan Adele Shank. 

"They are among some of the 
most respected members of their 
fields, and promise to provide some 
lively discussion and heated de-
bate which we feel will result in a 
significant contribution 10 our 
current thinking about theatrical 
traditions," Shank said. 

Heading the list of panicipants 
is keynote speaker Jonathan Miller. 
Miller is a respected actor, direc-
tor, and physician who coauthored. 
and perfonned in the enormously 
successful satirical review Beyond 
rhe Fringe, which was presented in 
London in 1959. 

For further information about 
the Symposium, call the UCSD 
Depanmenl of Theatre at 534-
3791 . For further information about 
tickets to the keynote address, call 
UCSD Extension at 534-3400. 

The eighties were the best of times and the worst of times, but 
now it's time to look towards the future. What do you predict 
for the new decade? A cure for AIDS? World Peace? Freedom 
in China? 

Send your predictions (150 words or less) by February 1 to: 
"The '90s" 

c/o Features 
UCSO Guardian 

8·016 
La Jolla, 92093 

Or drop them off at our offices on the second floor of the 
old Student Center. 

File 

New 
Open •.. 
Close 

you even 0 • ........ ..,... 
Macintosh-computers have alWays been easy to use. But they\e never 

been this easy to own. Presenting The Macintosh Sale. 
Through]anuary 31, you can save hundreds of dollars on a variety 

of Apple-Macinta;h computers and peripherals. 
So now there's no reason to settle for an ordinary PC. With The 

Macintosh Sale, you can wind up with much more of a computer. 
Without spending a lot more money. 

Saue Hs ... 
Print ... 88P 
Quit 88Q 

-. The Macintosh Sale. 
. 

NoN through january 31 
I \ ..... • 

\ .:" \ '" . 



I , 

10 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Classified adverlising is sold in IS-word 
increment The mte per 15 words is $1 for 
studen.s. S3 for faculty and staff. and $4 for 
others. Payment in advance is required: therefore. 
ads must be mailed with a check (made Jl3yable 
'0 Th. UCSD Guardian) or presented in pe'"oo, 
Please have exact change. Deadlines are 3 p.m, 
Thursday for Mooday's paperand 3 p.m, Monday 
forThulSday's paper, TIle Guardian ... serves!he 
right '0 ... fuse any adveni in, including bu. not 
limited to companionship ads. For more 
infoml3.ioncaIlS34-5416. The Guardian , UCSD, 
B'{)16. La Jolla, CA 92093. 

NNOUNCEMENTS 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSD! 
jewish Campus Centers provides wannth, 
education, prayer. socializing. Connect with 
Union of Jewish Students! 502 Matthews; 
eastorthe Price Center. Call Rabbi SIOInick, 
534-2521. ( 1/4-3/12) 

Start and operate your own profitable 
business at home! No experience, little 
capital required. For free details write to: 
Key Publishing. 2831 Cazadero Drive Suite 
B, Carlsbad. CA 92009. (1/8-1/29) 

Applications are now available for Revelle 
College's 1990 Orientation Leaders at the 
Revelle Dean·soffice. (1/ 11 -1/25) 

Attention UCSD Bands I Revelle's Annual 
BATTLEOFTHEBANDSiscomingsoon. 
Pick upapplica.ion now at Revelle Provosts 
office!! Applications must be received by 
Friday Feb. 2. i99O. (1/16-1/25) 

Pre-Dental Club Meeting. Thur. Jan 25th, 
6:00 p.m. at3AB Price Center, Come meet 
others interested in Dentistry, Help plan 
future events. For more info call 755-4852, 
(1/22- 1/25) 

JOYCEHITIE BERGER SURVIVES 
43 YEARS IN THE U.C. SYSTEM!! 
Congratulalions to the Last Emperor of 
OSGR!! (1 /25) 

Guardilm Writers Wanted: Noexperience 
necessary! Great way lostartamedia related 
career or just to have fun! Come to our first 
Internship meeting on Monday Jan. 29 at 
7:00 p.m. in HSS 2150 to start the ball 
rolling! Any questions? Call Selh or Dave 
at 534-6580 or come by tile Guardian office 
on lhe second Ooor of the Old Student 
Center. (1/25) 

ALL MAJORS - GET PUBLISHED!! The 
UCSD Journal of Undergraduate Research 
is now accepting your essays. Please submit: 
research papers, critical essays, expanded 
tenn papers, or condensed senior or honors 
theses. The deadline is February 15th, For 
more information call 534-391 7 or visit the 
U.S. Grants office in the Price Center. 

~1/25) 

ASIO is accepting applicants for the U,S. 
and Foreign commercial service summer 
internship in LA. Gain practical business 
expenence in the field ofinternational trade. 
Musl be a U.S. citizen. Deadline to apply is 
Feb. 9. Contact ASIO at 534-4689. (1/25) 

S.D. New Business Guide need~ paste-up, 
layout. and circulation interns ASAP. 
Contact ASIO at 534-4689. (1/25) 

Brice and Associates needs interns ASAP 
intere ted in P.R .. advertising. marketing. 
Contact ASIO al 534-4689. (1/25) 

Will problems of nationality in the Soviet 
Union lead to Gorbachev's downfall? Find 
out at International Cafe at International 
Center. Friday 1/26 12·1 :30. Lunch only 
SI.50! (1/25) 

ASIO is accepting applicants for Jet 
Propulsion Lab internship in Pasadena. 
Contact ASIO at 534-4689. (1/25) 

A.S. Intemship office application deadlines 
for San Diego program is Feb. 2 and 
California and National program is Feb. 9. 
Don't miss OUI on an intemshipl Contact 
ASIO at 534-4689. (1/25·2/1) 

Are you ready for life after UCSD? Let the 
A.S.lntemshipoffice help you design your 
own internship. Call Jon at 534-4689. 
( 1/25) 

SERVICES 
, 

RESUMEs, TERM PAPERS. REPORTS 
You ARE a professional. Let us present 
your work to reOect your professional 
image. Any report can be produced. 
Reasonable rales. Call Komputer Art 
Technology, 695-8597. (1 1/30-2/1) 

Olga Bari ElectrologisL 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Studenl 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (6 19) 226-1962. 
( 1/4-3/12) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal 
Copy. Only S5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near St. Germains. 
452-9949. (1019-3/12) 

TYPING!! I' ll type your tenn papers etc. 
quickly and inexpensively. Laser printer. 
Call Jennifer: 558-6090. (1/8-2/8) 

Typing/Word Processing: Academic 
manuscri pts,theses. books,leUers, resumes, 
Fast service. Mary Ann 452-9439. (1/ 16-
2/15) 
Vicki 's Word Processing Service. Resumes, 
theses, manuscri pts, mailing. Accuracy and 
Professionalism guaranteed. Vicki RUShing 
575-1022. (1/16-2/15) 

Lowest Prices in San Diego 

I a 
Discount aeauty Supplies 

• NO SALES TAX! on 
• PAUL MITCHELL products only 
• 15% OFF on all top major brands 

(excluding Paul Mitchell products) 

TO ALL UCSD STUDENTS 
with valid I.D. and coupon through 1991. 

TIRED OF BAD HAIRCUTS AND PA YING $30 & UP? 
For the best preCISion oalanced haircut 

of your life· We do It your way' 

$15 
M-Thutl. 1N 
FrI . .s.t. 1" 

00 CUT, SHAMPOO, BLOWDRYI 
-- 7512 La Jolla Blvd. 

(corner of Pearl in La Jolla) 
Perms $35 & up 

All EvenIftCI by .ppoIntrnent 

551-0611 

Tutoring: writing sId lis, research methods; 
also, word processing. Call Judith: 551 -
2632. (1/16-2/1 ) 

TYPINGIWORD PROCESSING . One 
Day Service. Free Editing.Sl.75 per page. 
Call Ann 229-9119. (1/22-3/12) 

Math tutoring. On campus. All college 
levels. GRE. SAT. Guaranteed. I st meeting 
free. Leave message. 492-8071. ( 1/25-
2/8) 

Typing-Word Processing. Resumes, term 
papers. manuscripts, newsletters. Jackie. 
530-2317. (1/25) 

WORD PROCESSING-Student papers. 
resumes. Laserprinting,spellcheck. 52,201 
OS page. Ex perienced. Reliable. Input! 
Output. 535-3010. (1/25-2/15) 

California cenified, non-sexual. deeply 
wonderful MASSAGE! Dissolve your 
stress. get healthier and reach your peak! 
Men, women, student rates, La Jolla 
location. Jot down this number: Andrew 
Moore, 551-0235. (1/25-2/5) 

WANTED 

Earn 575.00. SUbjects wanted for a study 
on the effects of alcohol. If you are a 
UCSD student or non-academic staff. 
American born male of entirely Japanese, 
Chinese, or Korean descent, call Scripps 
Clinic and Research Foundation for more 
information, 554-2192. (1/4-3112) 

Housecleaners: S8 per hr. part·time. very 
flexible hours. pleasan t working 
environment. Must be reliable, 
professional. have reliable car. Call 
between8-5pm M-F. 259-8731. (1/8-2/1) 

ROOM FOR RENT: Walking distance to 
UCSD and Blacks Beach. Maid service 
twice permonth, gardener. own bathroom. 
S394.00 per mOlllh + utilities. 558-0152, 
(1/ 11 -1/25) 

WANTED: 80 people to LOSE up to 25 
Ibs. in 30 days while earning! Anne 279-
4265. (1/1I-1/28j 

S200 week possiblel No experience 
necessary. Flexible hours! Becky 695-
9676. (1/11-1/25) 

Artist's model. female bodybuilder, S30 
per hour, Bob 527-4373. (1/16-1/25) 

Research: Healthy women 18-30. with 
Long, Irregular menstrual cycles. No 
medical illness, anemia. Daily blood 
drawing x I cycle. sleeping wilh night 
light 5x. Payment S5.00/blood. Message 
552-8585 ext. 3219. (1/16-2/8) 

Looking fora fraternity. sorority or student 
organization that would like to make 5500 
- SIOOO for a one week on-cam pus 
marketing project. Must be organized and 
hardworking. Call Becky or Myra at (800) 
592-2121. (1/18-1/29) 

WENDY'S PRICE CENTER: Looking 
forajob with Oexiblehoursaroundclasses? 
Call 450-9425 - ask for Kymberleigh or 
Warren. 55.00/hrstarting, free meals, work 
10-40 hours per week. YOUR CHOICE! 
(1/22-1/29) 

•••••••••• 
I fIUcw the Juiciest I 
I Bursters in Town I 

: 2 1; ; for ; 
I Buy any hamburger, I 
I sandwich or gyros and I get a second one 
; FREEl ; 
: JEFf'S BURGERS : I 2512 Avenida De La Playa I 

Lo Jollo Shores 454-8031 I. MuI1 hove IIudenII,O. Expires 2/8/90 .1 
•••••••• 

Tile ultimate campus job, UCSD Annual 
Fund. S7/hr, flexible evening hours, great 
experience. Call 587-1585. (1/22-2/1) 

1lte Men's Wearhousein LaJolla is looking 
for a pantime cashier to work between 15-
25 houl'S a week/Oexible. Call or stop by. 
457-8498. (1/22-1/25) 

GUlJrdidft Writers Wanted: No 
experience nea:ssary! Great way to stan a 
media related career or just \0 have fun! 
Come to our first Intemship meeting on 
Monday, Jan. 29 at 7:00 p.m. in HSS 2150 
to stan the ball rolling! Any questions? 
Call Seth or Dave at 534-6S11O or come by 
tile GUIlrdian office on the second Ooor of 
tile Old Student Center. (1/25) 

Make SI2 per hour. Part-full time, 
Assembly work in your home! Call 221 -
7805. 24 hr. (1/25-1/29) 

Drummer available - grad student seeks 
talented musicians,lband. All sl)'les. Great 
equipment. Jon 552-8572. (1/25-1/29) 

nrrOR for 3rd14th grade after school, 
light housework. 2:30-5:00. S6.00/hr. Call 
481-9612/evening. (1/25-1/29) 

Computer tutor wanted to bring local 
business man up to speed. Knowledgeable 
in Word Perfect & Lotus. Part time, Oex ible 
hour'S, $10 per hour. Contact Don Cole at 
452-8300. (1/25-1/29) 

Revelle Resident Advisor Applications 
available starting 1/26190. Pick up referral 
at Studen!Employment. Info??? 534-3025. 
(1/25-2/1) 

MEN - Playgirl is looking for new talent 
Win 55000 plus modeling contracts. Send 
phOIO with personal data to Box 25120, 
Los Angeles, CA 90025, (1/25-1/29) 

TutOl' for Math 1 B neeeded. S 12!hr, one 
hour a week. Experience required. Soo 
453-6926. (1/25-2/8) 

Being-fit is hiring experienced aerob.c 
instructors for new fitness center 3 miles 
from campus. All hours available. Call for 
interview. 483-9294. (1/25-2/1) 

FOR SALE 

Macintosh 512 upgraded 10 Plus. 5890.00 
in excellent condition with some software. 
Call 535-0930. (1/8-1/25) 

25" Racing Bilee. ln great condition. biking 
computer included. For more details, call 
455-8236 Jerry. (1/16-1/25) 

1977 VW RABBIT. Green. 2-OOor, 4-
speed, gas, sunroof, greal interior/exterior, 
engine,soUd, all records, 455-5829. (1/18-
1/25) 

Karman Ghia convertible '70. 7000m on 
new eng. 15,000 left on warranty. New 
transmission, Needs some body touch up. 
Good Slereo, bra, cover incl, Leaving 
California. S3000. 488-7832. Byeggi. (1/ 
22-1/29) 

Women's 26 inch ten-speed bicycle. S400r 
best offer. Please call Amy 457-4144. (1/ 
22-1/25) 

Fun Time 
On Time 
Day Time 

Night Time 
Good Time 
Your Time 
Fast Time 
Any Time 

~"sPffD't COIN WASH 
WE'VE GOT TIME FOR YOU! 

IS ~ e. f,~" 
CIOMd s.,ooays ..". .........,.r 

L..rg. Siu Wishers l Comput.r Dry.rs 
Cerner 0' Gr.nd Ina umona 

Plc,nc B .. eII 

Thursday, January 25, 1990 

1987 Toyota Celica sl. with white 
exterior, Excellent condition. Moving, 
must sell. 454-3434. (1/22-1/29) 

Jumpstan your hean! 3 Motley Crue 
concert tickets at L.A.'s Great Western 
Forum. Feb 13.8:00 p,m. good view of 
stage, second terrace. S22 a piece. For 
info call Heide 558-8783. (1/22-1/25) 

Mazda RX-7, 1981 , replaced engine, 5 
speed. good tires, runs greal. Below 
wholesale. $1750_00. (619) 225-0847. 
( 1/22-1/25) 

Tandy IOOOSX computer 356K RAM, 
Dual Disk, Dot Matrix printer, Color 
monitor. and software-700 01' best. Call 
Erik 535-9554. ( 1/22-1/25) 

1977 VW Rabbit - 2 dr, 4 spd, FI, Runs 
and looks xlnt. new white paint. recent 
clutch, battery, muffler, micllelins. Just 
passed smog check, Blaupunkt stereo, 
51490 o.b.o. 753-7626. (1/25) 

Futon, beautiful color, special frame, 
unused. S95. can deliver. Also queen bed 
never used. 284-6222. (1/25-2/26) 

Mac-SE. In excellent condition. Need 
quick sale. For more information call 
458-5977. (1/25-1/29) 

Futon and frame . $ 105. Can deliver. Call 
268-0814. (1/25) 

Brand New in Box w/ warranty Pioneer 
pull-out radio w/200 watt four way and 
110 wall under dash speaker. All unused. 
Must sell S6OO,OO valued at SIIOO.OO. 
587-8740. (1/25) 

FREE dwarf rabbit with food. Call or 
leave a message at 558-1323. (1/25-1/ 
29) 

HOUSING 
Room for rent in East Bluff 
Condominiums. Own room, pool. 
fireplace, furnished, 5 min, from campus. 
washer/dryer, close to Trader Joe's and 
Ral phs, close to busline, rent S3501momh 
(neg), 1/3 uti I .. available immediately, 
558-8102. Ask for Eugene. (1/8-1/25) 

Studio, new home. Bay Park. Fridge. no 
kitchen, security. laundry. Available 
imrnedi8lely. S395 + uti I. 483-5422. (1/ 
16-1/29) 

Own room in a beautiful new house. 
Washer & Dryer. garage, fireplace. 10 
minutes to UCSD. S350/month. 549-
0931. (1/22-1/25) 

Three bedroom house for rent. 900 + 1/3 
utilities. Nearcampus. Leave message at 
272-7382. (1/22-2/5) 

Female non-smOker, to share hOUse, own 
room, Mira Mesa, S350/mo. includes 
utilities. Call 566-5876,'(1/22-1/25) 

Easy-goi ng female, non-smoker wanted 
to share apartment. Own master bedroom 
with adjoining bath. 5 minutes from 
campus, Available now. Call Kristie at 
552-8630. (1/25-1/29) 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kinkolJ' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

1855 Ville La JoII8 Dr. 

Thursday, January 25, 1990 

Grad roommate wanled for beautiful 
Pacific Beach house. 4 bedrooms, 2 balh, 
garden, all amenities. S360/month, 1/4 
utilities, I mOnth deposit. Kim, Jim, or 
Kevin. 488-9905. (1/25- 1/29) 

Fum. room for rent 5250.00/mo. for neat 
female student. Near UCSD 457-5128, 
(1/25) 

Room for RENT in Del Mar. Two blocks 
from beach,one block from Dini 's. Yard, 
garage. fireplace, spacious, on bus line. 
Non-smoker, M/F. Available 2-1. S35O/ 
mo + 1/4 utilities. 792-9913. (1/25-1/29) 

LOST AND FOUND 

REWARD! For lost womensSeiko walch. 
Call Michelle 458-.5924, (1/25-1/29) 

FOUND: Women's watch near tile Price 
Center on 1/18. Call and describe. 458-
9781. (1/25) 

FOUND Envelope addressed to Paul, 
Blake Hall. Call Lorna 534-3025, to 
describe and claim content. (1/25-1/29) 

PERSONALS 

Stan your day with Warren's Commuter 
Breakfastsl Every Tuesdays, 7:30am-
lOam, Provost's Conf. Room only 50 
cents! (1/11-1/25) 

DEADLINEFOR WARREN COLLEGE 
R.A.APPLICATIONSISTOMORROW. 
FRIDAY. 1/26. Go for It! !!!!. (1/25) 

Pizza Express Deal. Slice of pizza & a 
medium drink $1 .89 (plus tax). Served to 
you in 5 minutes or less or it's FREE. 
Round Table Pizza Bull's Eye Tavern_ 
(1/25) 

Super Bowl Special. Bull 's Eye Tavern. 
Wide Screen T.V. Bud & Bud Lite 
Specials. (1/25) 

Della Gamma Perfect Assets .. . the dinner 
and "dessert" was great! We love youl 
your sisters.(1/25) 

GOLDEN KEY general meeting 
TONIGHT, 7p.m.at Price Center's Santa 
Barbara room (MB. Second Floor). (II 
25) 

CASUAL CLOTHING FACTORY 
OUTLET SALE! 50% to 90% off retail 
1000's of items under515. Larxeselection 
from ESPRIT. Sweaters, pants. shorts, 
dreses, jackets. Men, women and 
childrens. Thursday ( 10-6), Friday (10-
6), Saturday (10-6). 8250 Camino Santa 
Fe, Suite I. Four stoplights east of 805 off 
Miramar Road. Hotline 450-3323. (1/25) 

1 am a student without a car. Anyone 
interested in teaching me to drive at your. 
convenience please call 727-4176 after 7 
p.m. (1/25-1/29) 

Jostens Rep 81 Bookstore 10:00 - 3:00, 
r~bruary 5,6,7. Your college ring on sale. 
(1/25-2/1 ) 

PiKaps - can't wait until Friday night. 
We'll dance all night! Sigt1ll K's. (1/25) 

"When JOhn Met Lisa._."they found that 
\hey could "Say Anything" to each other. 
As their friendship grew. , ,so did the 
irony of tlleir circumstances, Thank you 
for caring and sharing, John. It's nice to 
know that someone undersWlds. May 
March come quickly and our friendship 
never end! Good I uck on your Econ. 
midtenn!!! "Always" Lisa. (1/25) 

Steve Jobs Fan Cub: If you are interested 
in joining fellow studeniS in Writing a 
business plan for a high-tech business. 
call Dale, 452-2222. It could be fun. 
(1/25-1/29) 

GlldrdilJn Writers Wlnted : No 
experience necessary! Great way to sIan 
a media related career or just 10 have fun ! 
Come to our first InternShip meeting on 
Monday. Jan. 29 at 7:00 p.m. in HSS 2150 
to slart tile ball rollingl Any questions? 
CallSelh or Dave at 534--6S80orcome by 
the CI/ardiall office on the~econd l1oorof 
the Old Student Center. ( 1/25) 

The UCSD Guardian 

3 DAYS ONLY! 

"'-II 
Fashion Clothing Factory Outlet Sale 

80% of all items under $15 
50% to 90% Off Retail 
Tops, Pants, Shorts, Sweats 
SWeaters, Jackets, Dresses 

Shoes, Accessories 
Men'S' Women's· Children's 

r'.1any More Famous ExclUSives 

Also including exclusive apparel from 
lord & Taylor Department Stores 

Baxter Healthcare Corporation, Medical Specialty Devices Group, 
is a vital part of the nation's largest supplier of quality medical products 

and devices for hospital and surgical use_ 
We are interested in talking with Graduating Engineering Students 

in the areas of Mechanical and BioMedical Engineering. 

CLASSIFIEDS II 

Come and meet the Representatives at our Information Session_ Students are strongly 
encouraged to attend our Information Session prior to on-campus interviews. 

We'll be on campus: 

Tuesday, January 30, 1990 
5:00PM-6:00PM 

Gallery B at the Price Center 
Refreshments will be served 

On-campus interviews .will be held: 
Wednesday, January 31 and Thursday, February 1 8:30am-4:30pm 

Highlight a great future for yourself at Baxter Healthcare Corporation, 
Medical Specialty Devices Group. 

If you are unable to attend, please send your resume to: 
Ellen Wattiez, Professional Staffing, 

Baxter Healthcare Corporation, Medical Specialty Devices Group, 
17221 Red Hill Avenue, Irvine, CA 92714. 

We are an equal opportunity employer mlflh. 
Medical Specialty Devices Group 

Baxter 



- ) 

12 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Sports 
Men's Volleyball Looks to Repeat 

Defending Pacific Coast Champions Still Trying to Make NCAA's 
By BRJAN ITOW 
Senior Staff Writer 

While other Triton teams con-
tinue to dominate their respective 
NCAA Champion hip tourna-
ments, the men's volleyball team 
continues to struggle to gain 
mention among the nation's eli te. 

Despite consistently being 
ranked in the top 20, the team has 
been unable to earn a berth in the 
eight-team NCAA Championship 
tournament and has had to settle 
for games in its own Pacific Coast 
Volleyball Conference Champi-
onships as its only post-season 
consolation. 1990 should be no 
more different from any other year. 

This is because, unlike most 
other Triton squads. the men's 
volleyball team must compete 
alongside scholarship-offering 
Division I powers for national 
recognition. 

Their conference champion 
does not earn an automatic post-
se.lson invitation . Thus, the Tri-

"The deck is stacked against 
us ," UCSD coach Digger Graybill 
said. "We have a shot, but it is very 
ambitious for us to point to the 
NCAA toumarnent underthe pres-
ent structure." 

With the NCAA tourney a dis-
tant dream, the Tritons will tum 
their attention to a more attainable 

PIU. \ I F\\ 

task: back-to-back Pacific Con-
ference championships. 

The Tritons are favored to re-
peat as conference champions. 
They retum four staners, includ-
ing conference MVP Nate Brown, 
from a team that walked through 
the conference en route to a per-
fect 8-0conference record last year. 

According to Graybill, Brown 
is one of the best hitters ever to 
grace the floor of the Main Gym. 
With the players surrounding him, 
the 1990 Tritons could possibly be 
the most talented team ever to play 
at UCSD. 

tons would have to earn an at- Senior standout John Lim and 
large bid. Since teams from the junior captain lohn Davey form a 
powerful Western Intercollegiate potent middle blocking combina-
Vol\eyballAssociation-UCLA. tion. Along with outside hitters 
Pepperdine, Stanford, and the like Nick Rothman and Bryan Palmer. 
- have a virtual monopoly on the they will give the Tritons an out-
at-large berths, Triton participa- standing blocking squad. With 
tion in the NCAA tournament is moreblocks,UCSDwillhavemore 
almost unthinkable. See M. V -BALL, page 13 Nate Brown was selected as the conference MVP last year. 

PHIL'S SUPER SELECTIONS 
By PlllL GRUEN 

Sports Editor 

XXIV (Phil is currently 13-11) "THIS TIME IT'S WAR" 

THE SUPER BOWL 
Favorite 
4gers 

Spread 
12* 

Underdog 
Broncos 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS ... We've finally arrived. Finally. 
And guess who made it from the NFC? Gee, what a 
surprise. What a shocker. I made the stupid, stupid 
mistake of thinking the Niners wouldn't cover the spread 
against the Rams in the NFC Championship. I thought I 
had learned my lesson. Never, never, never bet against 
the Niners. Never. Not with a seven point, 13 point, or 
even a 64 point spread. The San Francisco 4gers are prov-
ing why they 're the best, most powerful football team of 
all-time. Period. And I don't care what you 1970's 
Steelers fans think. While Denver focuses its attention on 
Montana, Rice, and Taylor, look for Roger Craig and the 
4ger defense to go nuts again. Elway? With nobody open, 
he'll probably have a rough day. You 'II do better to focus 
your attention on Bud Bowl II - that game will probably 
be a little closer. PHIL wisely advises you to-.. 

TAKE THE 4gers 
·Offtu al llllc rrom Soooooupcuc. Thank. you. Marks. CA 

BUD BOWL II® 
Favorite 
Bud® 

Spread 
3 1/2* 

Underdog 
Bud Light® 

PHIL'S ANAL YSIS ... Last year, with time running out, 
Budski kicked a field goal to lift Budweiser to victory in 
Bud Bowl I. Budweiser, the favorite, is more than scary 
with "The Freezer," its offensive and defensive special-
ist. This year,however, with quarterback Budway Joe en-
joying an exceptional season, Bud Light is primed to tum 
the tables. "I've waited all year to get another shot at 
Budweiser," Joe said in the official scorecard and pro-
gram to Bud Bowl ll_ "Our whole team is ready and we're 
going to kick some glass, rip some labels, and spill some 
Bud." Bud Light has a better defense this year, too, with 
the addition of Pop-Top Patterson, Crushed-Can Carson 
and Twist-Off Thompson. Besides, Bud Light's star run-
ning back, Loose Label Lenny, is back from his bottle cap 
injury. Actually, I'm just kidding about those last couple 
of sentences. Still, PHIL recommends that you ... 

TAKE BUD LIGHT® 
·Unofr.ci.1 Une 
O''fO~w..c...'''''''''''''''.'''''''''1..rP .... 51 ...... ,MO. U .. A 

Thursday, January 24,1990 

Men's Hoop Dumps 
Oxy On Road 77-62; 
Cracks Div. m Top 
20 For First Time 
By JOHN ASUNCION 
SlajfWriler 

Maybe last year's 9-17 record 
forthemen's basketball teamdidn ' t 
really happen. Maybe last year was 
just a bad dream for Head Coach 
Tom Marshall and the Tritons. 

It must have been a bad dream. 
It had to be. 

Because this year, the Tritons 
are 144.144. Currently, their best 
record stands at 19-8 .. . all the way 
back in the 1968-69 season. All 
they have to do is win fi ve of their 
remaining eight games to set a new 
record. 

Tuesday night, they moved one 
step closer to one of their primary 
goals - a berth in the regionals-
after chalking up a 77-62 over 
Occidental College on the road. 

To accompany this record, 
UCSD finally received a national 
ranking - 19th - to go with its 
second place ranking in the Divi-
sion III West Region. Claremont 
College moved into the region's 
top spot, even though the Tritons 
pounded Claremont 86-73 at home 
on Nov. 28. 

This marks the first time ever 
that the Tritons have been nation-
ally ranked in a NCAA Division 
III men's basketball poll. 

Againsllhe Tigers, Tim Rapp ' s 
17 points paced the Tritons. Sig-
nificant contributions also came 
from center Rick Batt, who scored 
16 points and grabbed 14 rebounds, 
guard Tom Shawcroft, who tallied 
16 points, and forward Gordon 
McNeill, who added 15 points in 
the victory. 

Triton Head Coach Tom 
Marshall was pleased with the play 
of Shawcroft and Batt, and cred-
ited Shawcroft with playing one of 
his finest games, especially on the 
defensive end. 

The Tri,tons came into the game 
against Occidental following a big 
win over Menlo College on Satur-
day. Marshall feared a letdown, 

See M. HOOP, page 13 

Men's Hoop Tuesday 
UCSD 77, Occldentat 62 
UCSD 

IIIln FG·A IT·A R A 
JactlOl1 31 2·5 ).4 2 5 
!lapp 34 6-14 S-6 I 2 
Sh.wcrofl 36 S-7 4-5 7 4 
Selleck 9 1· 1 2·2 4 I 
u.dsay 10 3·3 (H) 2 0 

~Ncill 31 7· 11 1·3 3 2 
MooIe 17 ().I ().I 4 I 
Baa 32 6-9 4.8 14 I 
TOTALS 200 28·49 2().)() 35 16 

Otddon ... 
Min fG. A IT.A R A 
CaId~1I 36 1·7 2·2 4 7 
Cabo 4 (H) (H) I I 
Ben. 21 6-9 ().O 2 I 
Thompton 24 2-6 ().O 3 I 
Dctinis 22 1·6 ().O 3 3 
En&elbrtllOll 19 3·7 ().O 2 2 
Hill 21 '·7 ().O 4 I 
Berglund 6 ()'I ().O I 0 
Andtnon 34 8· 17 2·2 7 0 
Crawley 14 3·4 (H) 4 0 
TOTALS 200 28·64 ,-4 32 

" 
U(""'lD 32 45 
0a:Wnd.1 20 41 

T ..... poI"", - UCSD 2 (Sh'~cro/\ 2); 
Oc<iden .. 12 (8eru. Enllellnl""'J 

PF T 
2 3 
I 17 
4 16 
0 4 
0 6 
3 15 
0 0 
I 16 
II n 

PF T 
5 4 
3 0 
I 13 
I 4 
3 2 
4 7 
I 8 
0 0 
3 18 
I 6 
22 62 

- 77 
- 61 

'_ed SIIaI. - UCSD 3 (UndiOY. McI'le,II. 
S ... ~crofIJ; Occidenw 9 (14_ 6. Crawley 2) 
s-M- UCSD 12 (latklOn 4. Sha"",ro/\ 4~ 
Oc<idenoal II (Andtl>OlO 2. 1l<n< 2. Encellnlsooo 21 

Thursday, January 24,1990 

M.HOOP 
Continued from page 12 
and his fears were realized on 
Tuesday. 

"It was an ugly victory. We 
didn't play up to our potential, and 
we didn't execute to our level of 
play that we're accustomed to," 
Marshall said. "Our tempo of play 
was never fully in sync against 
Occidental. We won on talent rather 
than on execution." 

Marshall pointed out that six 
wins in its next eight games should 
give UCSD a berth in the Division 
m regionals for the first time. 

The schedule for the rest of the 
way includes a rematch with Menlo 
College on the road, a tough home 
and away series against Cal State 
San Bernardino, and a season-
ending game at Division I U.S. 
International. On Saturday, the 
Tritons will travel to play the first 
of their games against Cal State 
San Bernardino at 8 p.m. 

In the Bleachers 

M. V-BALL 
Continued from page 12 
of an opportunity to run its offense. 

The key to the Triton offense 
will be redshirt freshman setter 
Eric Stanger. Stanger, who was 
recruited by Division I Stanford 
University, has impressed Gray-
bill in workouts with his consistent 
setting ability and his strong dis-
play of leadership skills. He will be 
pushed this year by two first team 
All-CIF high school performers: 
Matt Brega and Geoff Given. 

If the Tritons come together as 
a team, they will probably capture 
the Pacific Coast Conference 
crown again. But they have loftier 
goals. 

"We want to beat the top teams 
and be one of the top teams in the 
country this year," Graybill said. 

The Tritons will travel to Santa 
Barbara this weekend to compete 
in the UCSB tournament begin-
ning Friday. 

by Steve Moore 

IF YaJ BUILD IT, 
B::S LEc.K£.R 

WILL C!t'1E. ... 

FIeld of Bad Dreams 

UCSD Xtramural Club Sports ... 
~ 
Lacrosse (M) 
LacrOS!le (W) 
RUlby 
Ski Racing 

MI2 
at UCSB 
at UCSB 
UCSB (Warren) 
GS '3, SL'3 (Mammoth) 

On 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Sat./Sun. 

~ 
2:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
TBA 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 13 

Men's Tennis Planning a 
Return to the Nationals 
By DOUG SHADDLE 
SlajfWriler 

In several sports - women's 
volleyball, men 's and women's 
swimming, and women's tennis, 
to name a few - the Tritons are 
perennial favori tes to finish at or 
near the top in the nation. 

It's not quite there yet, but the 
UCSD men's tennis program is 
eaming more respect every year. 
This year, after finishing in the 
top 10 nationally the past two 
years, the Intercollegiate Tennis 
Coaches Association (ITCA) has 
rewarded the Tritons with a pre-
season number five ranking. 

But it's not going to be easy 
for the Tritons to live up to - or 
beyond - their preseason bill-
ing: three of their top players have 
been lost to either graduation or 
academic trouble. 

But the team, which placed 
sixth in the nationals last season, 
still has many of its horses and 
should be able to overcome the 
major losses. 

Among this year's returning 
players are two 1989 All-Ameri-
cans: seniorSigHuberandsopho-
more Chris Belloli. Huber re-
ceived the recognition in both 
singles and doubles play, while 
BelloH got the nod for doubles. 

Presently, Huber is ranked 
eighth nationally in singles and 
the HuberlBelloli duo is rlnked 

fourth. 
The success of the 1990 ver- , 

sion of the Tritons will also hinge 
on the play of returning seniors 

PI<I.\II\\ 
Francois MOMar and Tim Ditzler. 
Monnar is currently ranked 18th 
on the ITCA singles poll. 

"This is the first time we've 
had this much depth. "Head Coach 
Ion Hammermeister said. "We 
are fully capable of beating the 
teams ranked above us." 

Hammermeister also has sev-
eral new players he anticipates 
will do well this year: junior Mike 
Rintales, a transfer student from 
conference champion Foothill 
College in Northern California, 
and first-year player Stephen -
Stukovsky among them. 

"We want to make it to the 
NCAA Tournament, and we want 
to be a big factor in that tourna-
ment," Hammermeister said. 

UCSD opens its season tomor-
row in a I p.m. match at USlU. 

Guardian File ~ 
Senior Francois Monnar is ranked 18th nationally in singles. 

lYeekendlntercollegillte SpOrts Attractions ••. 
lDaa Du. I.ba& 
at Cal State San Bernardino Saturday 8:00 p.m. 
at Azusa Pacific Friday 6:00 p.m. 
UCSB and CAL POLY POMONA Saturday 12:00 p.m. 
8.0. FENCING CLUB Saturday 12:00 p.m. 
al USC Saturday 1:00 p.m. 
al Peppecdipe . Saturday 11:00 a.m. 
al U,S. lntemationa1 Friday 1:30 p.m. 
at UCSB Tournament Fri./Sa&. 9:00 a.m. 

The home of the 
49¢ halllburger. 

1 ('IJ /.I~'DoNlId~m 

ueSD 
SPECIAL 

' &{pI. 
7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

~ .L .... ~-----------------------ALLAMEWCAN]iEAC--Quarter Pounder® with Cheese. Medium Fry, 
Medium-Size Soft Drink 

Limit one coupon per 
customer. per visit . Please 
present coupon when 
Ofdering. Not valid with 
any other offer. 

"Just $1 99 
(plus tax) 

Goodltvu 
febNary 21, 1990 

Only at. 
71..0 Miramar Rd. 

SanDtego 
1237 f'roepect 

La Jolla 

.. __ .-. 

$2! 
OF.! 

ANY • 
• lARGE 
• PIZZA • -.J. ' ........ , &cI JeIIa • 

Pleas, pres,n' COfIpOII • 
wile. orderln& 

.. __ ._-

!$1 [7.3~Sl • OFF • 
• 

.... CAMPUS DIUVIRY • ANY TO YOUR DOOIl 
• HU: M-Th II_-MlD; 
• 

MEDIUM 
.ri.-Sat. "am-lam; 
Sun. 1 1:30am MID • PIZZA 8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. • LJ. '. "'-M, &cI JoID La Jolla Villuge Cent~r 

• 
PINU prtSm, cOllpOtl 

455·0662 w/tell DNkrlng 



14 

SOCCER thruJan21 
!£AM 
MEN'SAA 
1. Most Ugly Dudes 
2. Strombo& 
3. Urine Trouble 
4. Whimsical Yams 
5. 3rd Arrrrt 
6. T oking To Victory 
7. Pull Out & Dribble 
8. Teeeks Dream Team 
9. Sevil Natas 
10. Orthopedic Shuffle 

MEN'S A 
1. Flailing Moth Vomit 
2. Jack Icth & Fun Gus 
3. Bush 
4. Kaya, Poon & Tofu 
5. Dignity Bahalion 
6. Ficken Sie 
7. Disco FC2 
8. Andy's Men An A Ball 
9. SupercolUders 
10. AI Bundy's Disciples 

1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
toO 

1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 

COED AA 
1. Not The Ballet 1-0 
2. You Shoot, We Score 1-0 
3. Our Guys Have No Balls 1-0 
4. Musty Sea Monkeys 1-0 
5. Med Heads 1-0 
6. Penetrate And Score 1-0 
7. Local Max 1-0 
8. Wunder Dawgs 1-0 

COED A 
1. Slug Muffins 1-0 
2. Tuna Thunder 1-0 
3. Socce Psychics 1-0 
4. Buddies On The Field 1-0 
5. Kick in' The Balls 1-0 
6. Mike Etc. 1-0 
7. Obnoxious Few 1-0 
8. GSSL 1-0 
9. Nature's Best 1-0 
10. Guys Ale Worthless 1-0 

BASKETBALL thruJan. 23 
!£AM ~ 
Men'sAAA 
I .Potpourri 2-0 
2. Rex 'n Eflect 2-0 
3. Dinner is Served 2-0 
4.Light It Up 2-0 
5.Public Enemy 1-1 

Men's AA 
1.T eam Concept 2-0 
2.Smell My Fist 3-0 
3.Homy & Hillbillies 2-0 I.EAM BE Men's 5'10" & Under 
4.King John & His Court 2-0 I .Teriyaki Up the Yingyang 2-0 
5.Skunks Maggots, No Cow 3-0 2.Dunkin Docs 2-0 
6.Smoove Move 3-0 3.Mighty Munchkins 2-0 
?Legion of Doom 2-0 4.Come, Shoot & Dribble 1-0 
8.Super Whales 2-0 5. Highlanders 1-1 
9.T eam Gut 2-0 
10.Jah 2-0 Coed 

I .Chunkey Monkey 2-0 
Men's A 2.Matemity Ward 1-0 
1. Synthetic Tools 3-0 3.On A Roll 2-0 
2.Faithlul Wonders 2-0 4.worst Nightmare 1-0 
3. Vanilla Thunder 2-0 5.Something U Cannot Buy 2-0 
4.Team Bob 2-0 
5. Rupester's Hoopsters 2-0 Women' 
6.Katy's Kids 3-0 I .Pumphouse Gang 2-0 
7.Ear!y AM Stiflies 2-0 
8. Vital Capacity 2-0 
9.Tough Guys 2-0 

2.VB is Just A Hobby III 0-0 
3.Kappa Key Krashers 2-0 
4.7 Point Guards 1-1 

to.Turbo Phallus 2-0 5,Take it to the Hole 1-1 

Simone, Selby do it in VB Doubles 
For six grueling hours last Saturday, 

the Main Gymnasium reverberated with 
the sounds of furiously spiked volleyballs. 
And aher a seemingly endless smn 
rallies, games, and matches, U 
women's volleyball teammates 0 
mone and Beth Selby walked olf t 
topprizeattheUCSDWomen'sVolley all 
Doubles Championships. 

Simone from Third College and Selly 
from Muir took the Open Division title with 
a sold 15-10 win over the No. I-seeded 
team of Ei zabeth Tan and Dade Bigelow. 

Tan-Bigelow had dollinated the round-
robin portion of the tournament, defeating 
Simone-Selby 15-9 along the way, but 

, one-Selby roared back when it 
in the championship match with 

xcellent court coverage and hustle. 
Intermediate Division featured a 

rrn r two-stage format with eventual 
. ners Cindy Gonzales and Michele 

Dearing mopping up in both segments. 
Gonzales-Dearing defeated TIffany 

McGee and Jill Kawazoye in the finals 
winning a two-straighter, I t·4 and 1 t -9. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 25, 1990 

Superstars • IS Back! 
It's all the fun of The Battle 

ofthe Network Stars that you 
grew up with except for three 

things: 
1) Howard Cosell doesn't do 

the play-by-play; 
2) Gabe Kaplan doesn' t sit in a dunkir.g 

booth at any time during the competition; 
and 

3) YOU are the star! 
It's the UCSD Superstars All-

Sports Competition, and in its 
15th consecutive year, it can right-
fully be called the Winter Classic. 

UCSD's answer to the decath-
lon will kick-off next Thursday 
afternoon, February 1s t with the 
60-yard dash and will end Sunday after-
noon with the gruelling mile run. Both 
events will be contested for the first time 
on UCSD's newall-weather track. 

In between, Superstars competitors will 
try their hand at weightlifting, field goal 
kicking, softball throw for distance and ac-
curacy, bowling, swimming, basketball 
shooting, softball hitting for distance, and 
the high jump. Team competition will also 
feature doubles events in tennis and vol-

leyball. 
We are sorry to announce, 

however, that the equestrian 
events had to be cancelled. 
Something about the horses 
testing positive for cocaine last 
year. Oh well, there are plenty 

of events to worry about as it is. 
The format of the competition works in 

Similarity to the OlympiC decathlon. Each 
event is scored on a 1000-point scale with 
competitor's selecting his or her eight best 
events for scoring purposes. 8000 is 
roughly a perfect score ..... roughly because 
it is possible to score more than 1000 in any 
given event. In the team competition, five 
person teams compete in 12 events with 
each team member competing in his/her 

best four events. 
The 1000 point scales are ad-

justed accordingly for men and 
women to even out strength, 
power, and speed deviations, 
and to hopefully, give everyone an equal 
chance at a maximum performance. Last 
year, five women cracked the all-time top 

20 list, with runnerup Linda Ross 
missing the Superstars title by a 
mere 14 points. She scored a whop-
ping 6487, by far the all-time best 
for women competitors. 

This year's competition prom-
ises to be no less than a grueling 
test of will and skill. WithJJ(Oidn't 
You Graduate or Something?) 

Fisher back to defend his title, dozens of 
wanna-be-champions are waiting anx-
iously to knock him off, Tim Andre, Rich 
Simpson, Kevin Gelbard, and Dan Mulville 
come to mind quickly. But you can be sure, 
there will be plenty of others. 

The women's competition looks to be 
especially wide open this year after Linda 
Ross decided to take her many athletic 
gifts and talents into retirement. Look for 
sixth place finisher, Carolyn Hoffman, to 
try and fill tho s e 
s hoes, and may b e 
even get heir name in the 
Bud Page for a change. 

For more in- formation 
about this u n i que 
UCSO-o nl y event, hop on 
down to the Can yon view 
Recreation Offices and pick up your very 
own Superstars Info Packet and Record 
Book. Entry forms are included. We'll 
even throw in a commemorative Super-
s tars 15th Anniversary coffee-stirrer, beau-
tifully hand crafted in 14 carat gold with an 
engraved silhouette feature of Scott 
Berndes. What more incentive do you 
need? 

Lou cleans up Racquetball 
:'l 

Damon Lou was crowned "Mr. Ektelon" last Saturday aftern when he outlasted Jeff 
Ambrose 15-U In the charnplonslp "nal of the All-Campus Racquetball Tournament, 

Lou and Ambrose traded victories In the earlier rounds of the champlonshlpa with Lou wi,.. 
nlng their Open Division semi-finals match 15-13 and Ambrose winning the winner's bracket 
final from Lou 15-1, 

Lou, a structural engineering major, halls from from Warren College (where better to leam 
the delicate art of architecture?) and Is now In the running for Warren's annual 'Cinder Block' 
award with his victory. 

In the Intermediate Division, Randall Mark (The Moleman) scored a ripping 15-13 Victory over 
Shirley Hili to annex the championship, 

Randall Mark, who gets hell every time he fills out last name-first paperwork, started playlnc 
the game because he thought he looked 'klnda coolin those goggles' the first time he tried them 
on. 

It's been a longtime since that day In his Illter's closet, but who would have thought he would 
parlay that Into such racquetball greatnell? 

Conpatulatlons again to Lou Damon and Mark Randall, our 1990 Racquetball Champs, and 
to all of those other racquetball 
regular namers who PUlhed them 
to the limit. 

The Bud Page is a paid advertising 1ea/ul6 
for Cos$/ Dislrilllling Company. 

t AT l)~ 
arts entertainment 

JANUARY 25,1990 

The 
International 
Gallery 
displays 
African 
and NeVI 
Guinean 

• art; Its 
utilitarian 
purpose 
serves to 
remind us 
of the 

• passing 
of the 
ages. 

Story By Mark Bubien-page s. 

Concerts: 
San Diego Opera performs "La 
Boheme." 

Theater: 
Euripedes' tragedy to be performed 
by UCSD Theater Dept. 



Over-21 ... 
JJiab.:21 

~ Party 
Games 

Pookie: Boot Factor 2 
One of the world's underrated spectator spons is Pookie. To play, a 

beer gamer stands aooulsix inches from a wall. tOMeS either a golfball or 
a Ping-Pong ball intO the air dose to the wall, and tries to pin it 10 the 
wall with his forehead. 

An uprumed prep nose is well-suited for the most demanding maneu-
ver in Pookie-rhe Nose Ball. This fea t requires the player to throw the 
ball up and, instead of pinning it, flip or knock it up again with his nose. 
He then pins it in the usual manner. 

A player successfully pinning the ball decides who must drink and 
then ~ again. A successful Nose Ball forces everyone to chug. 

Players may risk a "double"-if they do not pin their first throw, they 
can toss again. If they miss a second time, they must drink, and the next 
player throws. 

A few words on Stl1ltegy: do not play with glasses on, do not play with 
a concussion, do not play against brick walls, and do not pIaY50ber. Golf 
balls hurt and leave red welts on the forehead and face. Ping-Pong balls 
are preferable but can collapse during a pin, resulting in a penalty drink 
for destroying equipment. And only wimps play with Netf balls. 

Party Safe •• Don It Dlink and Drive 
.",. GUMdMn ~ not condone the OOIIIUITIpIion of IIoohoI by mlnofa. 
Reprinted with permission from The Complete Book oflker DrinkingG_ by 

Ben Rand, Andy Griscom and SrorrJohns(oo. Copyright 1989. Available at local 
booksrores or from Mustang PubUshlng, PO Box 9327, New Haven, CT 06533 
($5.95 plus $1.50 postage) . 

Mira M.sa Idwartls Theaters 
566·'917 

Christmas Vacation/Ski Patrol 
Always Born on the Fourth of July 

Tango & Cash 

Ullly .... lty lowlle C •• 1re 
452·7766 

Glory Driving Miss Daisy 
Always Born on the Fourth oOuly 

Back To The Future II Tango & Cash 

La Jolla Village Theaters 
453·7831 

War of the Roses Everybody Wins 
Inte rnal Affairs Music Box 

Ken Cin .... o-283-5909 
1/25-1/27 Weapons of the Spirit 

1/28 W izard o( Oz/5000 Fingers of Dr. T 
Every Fri. & Sat. at MlcI.l.ht: 

Rocky Horror Picture Show 

r-------------------, 
2 TANS $1 
One for You, One For A Friend 

30 TAN DAYS $29 
Lose 6" in 2 Hrs. Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap - Only $48 

Not a temporary water loss. No exercise or diets. 

TRIM & TAN • UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct. • 454-0909 
Pacific Beach · MissionValley • State College · Sports Arena 

Call fo< delais • 2nd 30 Ian days $3i.99 • First·1ime diefn 
Expires 218190 • 

L ___________________ ~ 

l~j con c e r t s 
Syd Straw Performs at Tomorrow's TG 

Perhaps you remember the fu-
turistic techno-pop petformance 
by Red Flag at the last TG. This 
Friday's TG will provide a dis-
tinctly different sound with vocal-
istSyd Straw's highly-praised brew 
of co un try/rock/avan t garde sound. 

While techno-pop may be the 
"wave of the future," female musi-
cians have shown that a return to 
the roots of rock and roll can be 
just as "progressive" as any com-
puter generated recording. 

Talents like Indigo Girls, 
Cowboy Junkies, Melissa Eth-
eridge, Sinead O'Connor, and 
Michelle Shocked sprouted up in 
the late eighties to establish 
women as a viable force in the 
music industry. 

Throaty, soulful, harmonious, 
acoustic, sultry, intense, emo-
tional-these are the trademarks 
of the female sound. 

Straw, discussing the cathartic 
quality of her art, says, "Music is 
really what has kept me on this 
planet. I mean, I recognize the life-
saving properties that music can 
impart." 

Straw, who made a name for 
herself as a member of the Golden 
Palominos, will belt out selections 

By Lara Heisler 
Editorial A ssistant 

from her debut solo album, Surprise, 
tomorrow. 

T h e album, released by Vi rgin 
Records, features a seasoned cast 
of musicians. Straw is joined by Ry 
Cooder,JoeEly, Dave Alvin of the 
Blasters, X drummer D.). Bone-

brake, and R.E.M.·s Michael Stipe. 
Straw has been praised by sev-

eral critics for her unique persona 
and performance. The New York 
Times Union asserts, "Straw is a 
unique character - long and lean 
and as goofy as she is sexy. But th at 
very mix of innocence and world-
liness is one of the charms of her 
music." 

Metroland claims, "It's difficul t 

to pin down a unique and im-
mense talent like Syd Straw. So, 
hey, why try?" 

Straw has a colorful past, of 
trave lling from coast to coast to 
pursue her in terest in the enter-
tain ment industry. A Ho llywood 
native, she knew after high school 
that entertainment was her call· 
ing. 

She wentstraighttoNew York, 
studied acting, appeared on "Sat· 
urday Night Live" with several 
walk-on appearances and eventu-
ally discovered t h at her principal 
interest was in singing. 

Singing in local clubs, Straw 
was able to gain local notoriety in 
Manhattan in the early eighties. 
When Virgin signed her in the 
summer of 1987, she pooled all 
her resources (old demo tapes, 
ideas from friends, and lyrics she 
had scrawled on everything from 
match-books to cocktail napkins) 
to make Surprise the rich cor •• pi-
lation that it is . 

Regardless of your musical pref-
erences, come experience what this 
woman has to offer. Straw's per-
formance should prove to be fasci-
nating at the least and fantastic at 
the most. 

Hiatus Staff Box 
Hiatus Editor Senior Staff Writers Contributing Writers 
Patricia Jettie Christina Huizar CaroHne Altman 

Nancy Muntner Ramine Bahrambegi 
Associate Hiatus Editor Audrey Lyn Winterer Wende Bischoff 

Helena Leng Loh Staff W.riters James Oarlow 
Laura Baker Mike Berta Pierre de Gaillande 

Music Editor Walter R. Sitts Scott Casmer Joceliza Gonzaga 
Bryan Dias Eric Gustafsen Melinda Hamilton Kevin Hultquist 

Josh Odintz Marie Pasternak James E. Ingman 
Editorial Assistants Michael Schwartz Jean Suzuki Michael Newton 

Lara Heisler Jennifer Yancey 
Hiatus is a weekly supplement to the UCSD Guardian. Free-lance material is accepted with prior 

editorial approval. 

An all-••• I ... , Dow •• t to" tl • • I •• 
1I1.le of Pink Flo, .. 

............. 1IIIIrI 
"DIrk ...... .. 
-.- .... . 

_ I ml 11,l1li 

.. 

--...... 
.... ,.. 

.Copler. 
.Laser-Printer. 
cartridge Recharging 

TONERS: $S/b<:>lIle 
(Olack/Color Toners ,n Bulk) 

-VideO Cassettes: $19 · 599 
( I low 10 Recharge , Seal. Elc.) 

COPIERS 
'Canon Pc. Sharp750/70, XeroKIOI2 ..... 
I.ASER PRlm'ERS 
' IIP, Apple. C.anon, Ricoh, IBM. Elc. 

TURK Toner Products 
(619) 744-5664 

If you join our list of 
advertisers, your 
business will be 
our business. 

T he UCSD Guardian 
Call 534·3466 

• 

'La Boheme' 
Celebrates Tragic Love 

By Caro line Altman 
Staff Writer 

Opening night of Puccini's "La 
Boh~me," performed by the San 
Diego Opera, proved to be spec-
tacu lar--with its playful energy, and 
some of the most beautiful music 
of the nineteenth century. 

"La Boheme" first premiered in 
Italy in 1896 and became one of 
the world's best loved operas. Based 
on a rather thin plot line drawn 
from Henri Murger's novel, 
"Scenes de la Vie de Boheme," its 
music is lilting, dramatic, unfor-
gettably emotional and thematic . 

La Boheme is a tragic love story 
that tells ofRodolfo, a bohemian 
writer and his love, Mimi, a lonely 
seamstress who is dying of tuber-
culosis. 

Their serious and fervent love 
is paralleled by the carefree, adul-
terated, hot and cold relationship 
of Musetta and Marcello. This 
comic subplot helps balance out 
the seriousness of the opera. 

This duality is echoed in the 
qualiry of last weekend's perform-
ance where strong and weak 
moments were balanced and 
juggled in all aspects of the pro-
duction. 

Unfortunately, t he weakest 
moments were executed by Mimi 
herself, played by H ungarian so-
prano Ilona Tokody. The energy 
and fire of her love for Rodolfo was 

not present in her performance. 
Tokody did not command any 

sympath y in her supposedly pa-
thetic, tragic death, nor the events 
leading up to it. Instead she seemed 
rather bored, monotone, and 
frank ly, weak. 

Her voice was strangely thin 
and rather uncontrolled with a 
wide trill-like vibrato which led 
her to sing sharp on several occa-
sions. She seemed to improve in 
Act V in her last loving embraces 
with Rodolfo but then proceeded 
to die with a whimper. 

In contrast, Welsh tenor Denis 
O'Neill (Rodolfo) gave a sparkling 
and energetic performance. His 
voice was rich, full, and passion-
ate--complimented by a convinc-
ing and entertaining stage pres-
ence. 

Another glow emanated from 
the flirtatious and eccentric 
Musetta, the chorus girl with a 
kind heart. Irena We lhasch 
handled her vocal work and staged 
comedy very well, particularly 
commanding the stage in he r 
famous aria, "Quando Me'n Vo'." 

Her m ate, Marce llo (Theodoro 
Baerg) was less impressive but 
managed to sh ine at comic mo-
ments. 

On the whole, the comedy of 
the production and excellent stag-

ing by director John Copley car-
ried the how. Act V opened with 
a wonderful dancing/duel scene of 
Rodolfo, Marcello and their two 
friends. This energetic camarade-
rie was electric and quite fun . 

Act 11 in the Cafe Momus pre-
sented Musetta in a lively flirta-
tious way with a marvelous fluffy 
dog. 

The direction weakened to-
wards the end with Mimi's death 
as it became campy with Rodolfo 
striking melodramatic poses and 
Marcello moving to the beat in 
slow motion. 

A very bright feature of the conductor, did fantastic things 
show was the sets designed by John with the score. 
Conklin. Thegarret'sdramatically Although the o rchestra 
skewed lines, although slightly emerged from time to time to 
resembling a grey, nineteenthcen- change the mood or underline 
tury Horton Plaza, served to create emotion, for the most part the 
a cold dark mood. music was kept under perfect con-

Likewise, Act III created an trol, blending and supporting the 
equally effective ambiance of Paris stage action. The players main-
at dawn. Act II brought spectacle tained a subtle and tense energy 
with its cafe scene colorfully that was quite refreshing. 
painted in Folies Bergeres style - Ultimately the production was 
beautifully combined with the col· fast-paced and energetic. If Mimi 
orful crowd of choristers, children, had become more energetic before 
and vendors. her death, it might have proved to 

Edoardo Muller, the Italian be quite exciting. 

Julia Our. nt/Guardian 
(I-r) Theodore Baerg (Marcel/o), Harlan Foss (Schaunard), and Kevin Langan (Colline) perform 
in 'La BoMme.' 

1'-' ." ......... '. v • " ' • 

JESUS AND 
MARY CHAIN 
W1lH SProAL GUEST NINE INCH NAILS 

THE 
SMITHEREENS 

FEA TURING 

BLACK UHURU 
SHINEHEAD AND n". IIIE 
WITH !HI A·TlAM lAND 



I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

YEARS 
A HEAD 

H AIRCUT 
by Christina and Mark 

Women 51 7 (reg. 25) 
Men 514 (reg. $19) 

UCSD Specials 
Perm & Haircut or 
Highlight & Haircut 550 

For appointment. please call 4.57-1930. 89.50 Villa La Jolla Dr., 
It. 1110, fA Jolla (hehind £I Torito directly acro s ramp.) 

WANTED 
Muir College 

Freshmen and Transfer 
ORIENTATION 

LEADERS 
Obtain a job referral form at Part-time Employment 
and bring it to the Muir Provost Office 2126 H&SS. 

Deadline for Applications: Friday, February 2 

This is your opportunity to enjoy a fun and rewarding job! 

VCSD Presents Greek T heater: 

Ancient, But Far Frolll Dated 
By Mike Schwartz 

Staff W riter 

What's 2,395 year old, Greek, and on campus next 
week? 

It's "The Bakkhai," Euripides' classic Greek mas-
terpiece. The play tells the tale of the god Dionysus' 
attempts to prove his divinity to the people of Thebes. 
It is not only considered to 
be one of the playwright's 
finest works, but also, one of 
the most powerful and mov-
ing plays ever written. 

"It's mind boggling to me 
how influenced we are by 
thing like Freud, the nu-
clear bomb, and 
Shakespeare," director Ma-
ria Mileaf said in a recent 
interview. "[And yet] You 
take a play written before 
any of these things and there 
are the same problems, ques-
tions, and struggles. It's a 
challenge to confront that 
reality. 

"It's a great play. It's about 
very topical, alive issues that 
we're still facing today." The 
production will serve as 
Mileafs master's thesis. 

Indeed, the events of this play take place far ahead 
of Hiroshima or Romeo and Juliet. This story, based 
on Greek legend, is about Dionysus, co~ceived as the 
result of a union between the god Zeus and the mortal 
woman Semele who died before he was born. 

Zeus took Dionysus and sewed him into his thigh, 
creating a false womb for him until he was ready for 

birth. As the play begins, Dionysus returns to his 
home in Thebes and, when his family refuses to 
accept his divinity, hecau esthemtobeposse edby 
madness and retreat to the hills where they indulge 
in frenzied re elries. 

Tackling the role of the 
god Dionysus is Danny 
Burstein. "What is divinity? 
It's optimistic, but there's a 
heavy pessimism," Burstein 
said. 

Chad Sylvain, drama-
turge for the production, 
said, "The most important 
theme in the play is the 
theme you ee. The reason 
that the i sues are vital is 
because we imagine them to 
be dead." 

Mileaf added, "The play 
asks very big questions about 
divinity, politic, power, 
sexuality, murder, and faith. 
It's a production that gives 
the questions and not the 
answers to what these things 
are. It's not a museum piece. 

It's surprisingly immediate." 
While almost everybody has read this or other 

Greek works, very few people have ever seen one on 
the stage. This production will not follow all of the 
assumptions people have about Greek plays. The 
play is presented on a proscenium stage, as opposed 
to an amphitheater. In addition, Mileaf said, "we are 

See BAKKHAI, page 6 

----------------., : .......................................... . 
UCSD :: 

• Student I: 
Carl's Jr. Special ! ~ 

1147 I : BUY ONE WESTERN 
Bacon Cheeseburger I : I : I • • 

I • • I • I : r~FRII 

Are you currently majoring in: 

Computer Engineering 
Electrical Engineering 
Computer Science 
or Technical Writing 

Then: 
I Valid at: 6788 Miramar Rd. I Coupon expires Feb. 28, 1990. One offer per coupon . . 

I : 
I • ~ I : l One coupon per customer per visit . Not valid with any ® I other otter or discount Price does not include tax. Car.'It.. J:.. I : 

L.
©carl Karcher Enterprises. Inc 1989 A"a ..... 

-----------------------_. 
• 

Attention High Achievers ......• 
-}mn -

gorden X!-y 
:J{fttionaI :J{onor Society 

Benefits include: 
• Scholarships 
• Career Assistance 
• Leadership Opportunities 
• Recognition 

You may pick up an application at GH1540 or USB 1240 
or call Golden Key at 534-3172 for more information. 

Golden Key will sponsor an information table at the Price Center 
Wednesdays from 10:00 am to 1:00 pm 

Semiconductor Test Division 
Invites you to a: 

Information/Pizza Exchange 
Date: Monday, January 29 
Time: 5 to 7 p.m. 
Place: The Cove (UCSD Price Center) 

Sponsored by 
Society of 

Women Engineers 

• 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • ••••••• 

4 HIATUS JANUARY 25, 1990 


