
Coming Out of 
The Closet 
Homosexuals cope with reality 

Features, page 10 

A Long, 
Strange Trip 
Correspondence From Abroad 

Photo, page 14 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 70, NUMBER 5 

Softball Captures 
Triton Tournament 
UCSD Defeats CSUSB for Title 

Sports, page 20 

MONDAY, APRIL 16, 1990 

VP Admin., Finance in Runoff; McKay Wins VP External 

Harris, Edson in Presidential Runoff 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
John Edson, left, and Vanness Harris will run against each othe .. 
in the A.S. presidential runoff elections on Wednesday. 

By ANTON BITTNER 
News Editor 

Only one of the top four 
ASUCSD Council offices was de-
cided by last week's elections; the 
offices of AS. president, vice 
president administrative, and vice 
president finance will an be de-
cided by a runoff election which 
will take place on Wednesday. 

The runoff election for presi-
dent will be between John Edson, 
who received 41.5 percent of the 
votes, and Vanness Harris, who 
received 23.3 percent. 

The office of vice pre ident 
external- the only vice. presiden-
tial office decided last week -
was won by Molly McKay. 

The two remaining candidates 
for vice president administrative 
are Ruben Duran (37.4 percent) 
and Mike Holmes (31.8 percent). 
The runoff race for vice president 

Migacz Resigns as VP External Affairs 
Malloy, Commissioner of Academic Affairs, Also Steps Down 

By RANDY DOTINGA 
Senior Staff Writer 

ASUCSD VP External Mishka 
Migacz re igned from her office 
on Thursday, after four AS. mem-
bers signed a letter contesting her 
position. 

Smith said the letter was writ-
ten because Migacz had not per-
formed the duties of her job. in 
recent months. 

"Something had to be said in an 
official way that [Migacz's] be-
havior was bad for external, the 
A.S., and the student body," Smith 
explained. 

Last quarter, Migacz took a four-
week leave of office because of her 
mother's death. In her absence, 

members of her staff perfonned 
her duties, Smith said. 

At last Wednesday's AS. Coun-
cil meeting, DeLaTorre claimed 
that Migacz' s problems had 'been 
going on since before her mother's 
death. 

"P ople will [attest] to that," 
DeLaTorre said. 

In her letter of re ignation, 
Migacz charged that DeLaTorre 

See RESIGNATIONS, page 3 

of finance will be between Sergio 
Langarcia (44.8 percent) and Karen 
Makkreel (29.0 percent). 

The runoff elections are re-
quired because A.S. bylaws state 
that a candidate must have 50 
percent plus one of the votes to 
win an office. When no candidate 
running for an office tallies the 
necessary amount of votes, a run-
off is held between the candidates 
who received the two highe t vote 
totals. 

Candidates in the runoff elec-

• Complete Results 
Page 9 

tions will scramble to campaign 
for the necessary votes until Wed-
nesday to gain victories. 

"I plan to work as hard as I 
worked this time, and hopefully I 
can win the presidency," Harris 
said. 

"I feel like I have something to 
say to all the voters," Edson said. 
"There's some [campus clubs] I 
couldn' t go to [before the first 
elections] because of time con-
traints. I want to talk to these 

groups." 
All of the commissioner offices 

were decided last week, and will 
require no runoff elections. 

George Maurer won the com-
mi sioner of public relation of-
fice over David Horen, and liber-
tine Trajano won the commissioner 
of operations office over Craig 

Sneidennan. 
Annette Mosley, Gloria Cor-

ral, and Nick Long won uncon-
tested races for commissioner of 
academic affairs, commissioner of 
communications, and commis-
sioner of the University Center 
Board, respectively. 

Matt Schnurer won a race sur-
rounded by controversy over 
Dorothy Knapp for commissioner 
of programming. The results of 
this race were not announced on 
Thursday due to an elections vio-
lation complaint against Schnurer. 

The complaint, filed by Jen-
nifer Martin, charged Schnurer 
with po ting his campaign flyers 
over another candidate ' s. Accord-
ing to A.S. Elections Manager 
Kathy Jennings, Martin formally 
withdrew her complaint directly 
after the results of the election 
were announced. 

Knapp denied any knowledge 
of the complaint at the time it was 
announced and affirmed that 
Martin was in no way connected to 
her campaign. A source close to 
the Elections Committee later re-
ported that the flyers Schnurer was 
accu ed of posting over were those 
of presidential candidate Harris. 

"I had some other people post-
ing for me. Hopefully, [what was 
charged] is not the case," Sch-
nurer said. 

No runoff elections will be 
required for enatorial races, but 
voting for the office of Fifth so-

See RUNOFF, page 7 

Migacz's resignation came on 
the heels of the unrelated resigna-
tion last Wednesday by Commi~­
sioner of Academic Affairs Darin 
Malloy, who left his post due to 
family problems. 

A.S. President John Ramirez 
said Saturday he will recommend 
at Wednesday's A.S . Council 
meeting that VP External-elect 
Molly McKay and Commissioner 
of Academic Affairs-elect Annette 
Mosley take their positions as soon 
aspos ible,in teadofwaitinguntil 
fifth week, when the other mem-
bers of next year's A.S. Council 
will take their po ts. 

Spike Lee Speaks to Packed House in Main Gym 

Migacz 's resignation came a 
day after a complaint letter was 
filed with the A.S. Judicial Board 
requesting that the board place a 
temporary restraining order on 
Migacz's paychecks, office, and 
title. 

The complaint letter was igned 
by Lobby Annex Director Stepha-
nie DeLa r rre, Employee Rela-
tions Coordinator Marisa Smith, 
Muir JUDlor Senator Kathy Oh, 
and A.S . Representative to the 
University Center Board Morde-
cai Pota h, the latter of whom held 
Migacz's office last year. 

By SHERRY LOWRANCE 
Guardian Reporter 

Noted filmmaker Spike Lee 
spoke Friday night to a full capac-
ity crowd in the Main Gym re-
garding the current state of racial 
relation in America, and his past 
and upcoming movies. 

An open-floor discussion pe-
riod after his speech sparked ac-
cusations and a heated exchange 
of words between a black woman 
and a white woman, cau ing mild 
tension in parts of the rowdy audi-
ence. 

Lee, who graduated from More-
house College and went to film 
chool at New York Univer ity, 

has written and directed three 
films : "She' Gotta Have It," a 
low budget but neverthele s suc-
ce ful movie about a black 
woman and her three lover ; 
"School Daze," which dealt with 

conflicts between black college 
students; and "Do the Right 
Thing," which was about racial 
intolerance in the ghetto. 

"To be honest," Lee said, 
"black life here in America is very 
cheap." To illustrate his point, he 
cited many instance of police 
brutality and murder of blacks. 

One incident involved the death 
of a graffiti artist during his arrest 
and the ubsequent cover-up by a 
city coroner. Another involved the 
murder of three black men in a 
white neighborhood. 

"They were killed for no other 
reason than they were black," he 
said. 

Lee also addres ed the prob-
lem of ociety promulgating the 
tandard of the white woman a 

the epitome of beauty. If black 
women accept that tandard, Lee 
explained, then they begi n to think 

See LEE, page 7 
John Ourant/Guardian 

Filmmaker Spike Lee spoke about his work on Friday night. 



C_ft_. _V_C _NE_W_S_J 
VCB Chancellor Responds to 
Protesters' Demands, Talks Ensue 

BERKELEY - After two days of intense student 
demonstrations and 101 arrests, UC Berkeley Chancellor 
I . Michael Heyman recently offered sweeping conces-
sions to protesters' demands concerning campus admis-
sions policies and affirmative action programs. 

Student leaders from a coalition offivecampus organi-
zations met with Heyman in two separate meetings 10 
discuss their concern for greater campus diversity for the 
student body and faculty . 

The meeting was scheduled after 56 protesters were 
arrested during a sit-in last month at California HaIl while 
calling on the chancellor to address the group's six de-
mands. 

The "summit" produced an agreement that will allow 
student representatives to monitorthe admissions process 
and participale in interviews of potential affirmative ac- . 
tion students. Heyman has also agreed to work with 
students in developing a program to help prepare affinna-
tive action and disadvantaged students at community 
coIleges for admission to UC Berkeley. 

More than 50 protesters marched and occupied a 
Sproul HaIl office after being turned away by campus 
police from entering California Hall. Forty-five of them 
were arrested for trespassing and all but one were released 
at the scene. said campus police chief Darry Bowles. 

The building remained shut down for most of the day. 
Protesters oUlside broke nine large window panes of the 
main entrance. police said. 

Pay Docked for VCSB A.S. Members 
Who Allegedly Neglected Duties 

SANTA BARBARA - In lighl of what some UC 
Santa Barbara Associated Student executive officers see 
as a failure to meet requirements of the Legislative 
Council posilions, nine of the 23 A.S. representatives 
were not granted their full honoraria for Winter Quarter. 

Traditionally. UCSB A.S. councilmembers receive 
$250 quarterly, provided they fulfill their duties as out-
lined in the AS. Legal Code. However, not all members 

Calvin and Hobbes 
~. "Ill. ~ E~PL~It-( M 
T\I~ ~ RE L~ Wilt'( 1ll11f. '? 
1 OOOT U~ER~\) 'fi\\~ 
nt.l£ GOI::S 
S'J)'f£R ,-, 
GReAT Sf'E£\) . 

rTS &.G.1lSE 'iC\J ~ 
~~GI~ TIM.£ l.0t4ES . 
sa. IF 'iOO 11.'( n> C,",U-
F~~II>.. ~ G"'I~ nl~ 

~~ ()oI '"' 
F\I/E-~ 
fllG\.\\' , RIG\\T~ 

sa, I.'u, P\JT ~ 1'.1 
~ S~TS ANt> TIE 

,,~~ THE CAR 
~~ 10 Io\~ ~Is\. ~ 
~ 1 GI'4t. '1))1\\£ \\IG\\ 
FI~, '/c).) ""T,\\ OJ( ~~Il£ 
r RIot BEHINO ", 5S ~~ .' 

I 

\~-i,~ 
'fIO't(: NO!lI;:j)~ 
1'500 l1I£. 
S't{1~GS! t 
(#(1 S£U£~ IT! 

~~'l ~"T 
IffrER GET "-

SWI~ "'T 
RECtSS ! 

\ 

- -

• 
received the full $250 for last quarter because various 
requirements were left unfulfilled, according to UCSB's 
A.S. Internal Vice President James Siojo. He explained 
Ihal enthusiasm and activity among the c;ouncilmembers 
decreased between Fall and Winter Quarters. 

"( saw a lot more enthusiasm in the fall; they were 
harder working," he said. nOling that all of the represen-
tatives had received their full honoraria in Fall Quarter. 

UCSB A.S. Executive Director Tamara Scott said she 
could not remember the la I time members received a cur 
in their quarterly honoraria. and added Ihat in her opinion. 
"[Leg Council Members) worked hard last quarter." 

Several of the councilmembers who failed to receive 
their full honoraria were surprised by the action and are 
considering appealing the decision. 

On-Campus Representative Melanie Ogren, who re-
ceived $225, didn't believe the committee's decision was 
justified. 

"I was never given a chance to defend myself," she 
said. "I feel I gave 100 percent to my job." 

However, Off-Campus Representative Greg Bass, who 
resigned for reasons unrelated to the decision to decrease 
his honoraria. echoed some of the other members' senti-
ments that the allocation they received accurately re-
flected their lack of activity on the council. 

"It doesn't matter to me, it's not actually an insult. .. it 
was actually a fair election," Bass said. 

t*UCSD NEWS J 
Political Film Series Continues 

The Committee for World Democracy's film series 
continues with the presentation of the films "I Claim 
Myself: The Sagon Penn Incident" and "Malcolm X." 

OnthenightofMarch31, 1985, when SagonPenn was 
routinely stopped by San Diego police, he shot and killed 
a policeman and wounded two others. "I Claim Myself' 
chronicles Penn's struggle for justice - from the night of 
his arrest through community vigils and two different 
trials in which he was acquitted. 

The film " Malcolm X" is based on the autobiography 
of Malcolm X, written by Alex Haley. The film traces 
Malcolm X's life from a pimp to his conversion to Elijah 
Muhammad's Nation ofIslam, his dramatic rise to lead-
~rship in.the African-American community, and his as-

SC If 'iOO GO AT 11\£ '5I'E£D 
Cf UG\-\T. 'bJ ~N MORE 
T\~£ . B£G.\JSE. IT lnSIIt 

T).~ A";, ~G TO GU 1\ERE.. 
OF~. ~E \\I£~ crr 

~wm'/ ~l1 ~ IF 
~·Rt ~ItG 'i4E$T . 

I 

by Bill Watterson 

G{E.. W,TS 
~~AA, 
~~IO 
I>.r AU.! S\l. 
~\l~ B£ 
TO'~l\..'i ~ 
\Q.n~. 

~,~~ 
AA£ I!E11tll ",T 

~8ST~ 
~I~. 

GO llli.. \\£R 
1W-.T. 

. £ Inlt)! ml<;, 1<;, ~~ l\lCK~ 
0,..1. OR I ~I':>SED nI£. 

~"'\) · ()f · REa:5S &u.. ~"IN . 

sassination. 
The films wiIl be shown April 20 at 7p.m. inTLH 107. 

There is no charge for admission. 
. 

Friends of the VCSD International 
Center to Host Ethnic Dinner 

The Friends of the UCSD International Center organi-
zation will host its third ethnic dinner of the school yearat 
the International Center on April 21. 

This dinner - a Spanish one - wi\l be preceded by a 
cocktail hour at 6:30 p.m .. FoIlowing dinner, entertain-
ment (Sevillanas dancing) will be presented by classical 
dancer Victoria Aguayo and her student Angelica SuIli-
van. They will be accompanied by composer Rafael Linan 
playing Spanish music. 

The cost is $ 15 for "Friends" members, $20 for non-
members, and $5 for UCSD students. Send reservations 
with checks enclosed to Friends of the International 
Center, Q-018, UCSD. La Jolla, CA 92093. 

( SPOTLIGHT J 
Volunteer Opportunities Available 

The Childr~n's Museum of San Diego is seeking stu-
dent volunteers to work with children of all ages in a 
hands-on museum envi ronment, or to work with the 
public at the reception desk or in the gift shop. Help is 
especially needed on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday 
afternoons. For more information, caIl Carol Sigel man at 
450-0768. 

African-American students are needed as tutors in an 
after-school program from 2:15 p.m. to 3 p.m., Monday 
through Thursday. Reading. math, and speOing are tar-
geted subject areas. The school is located near 63rd and 
EI Cajon Blvd. For more infonnation, conlactEd McFadd, 
principal, at Oa.y Elementary School at 583-0690. 

The Special Olympics Track and Field Day is Satur-
day. April 28. Judges, timers , and other volunteers are 
needed. A mandatory orientation will be held Wednes-
day, April 25 at 7 p.m. atthe Cove in the Price Centerfor 
those interested in volunteering. For more infonnation, 
call 534-1414. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Edilor 
and Jason Snell, Associate News Ediulr 

GUARDIAN 
fItIL GRUEN, SdIIDr ", CI*I 
..,..IIAC LEAN,....,., EdII« 
ANrON II11NER, ,... EdItor 
IlEltIOYQtUIC, AUG e II. OpInIon EdItrN 
1M. IIUIIOCART, qaIrJIoft EtIIIor 
DANA atMCEII, "..,. EdItor 
.w.8CO' .-.,..... &IIIor 
CAlHERIE DIU.E,_1Wtor 
RANDY D011NGA, c.r IWtor 
DOREBI EAENEA, ....... ~ Edilor 
PATNCIA .E1TE, ,.... EdIlor 
GAIL .101'.011, .... blJ ""* EdIIDr 
PETER KO, A •• lleblt .... EtIIfor 
HELENA LENG LOtI,.... ' It""" EdItot 
.IfiI'F ~ _Ittg,UIItIt ' 
.tAlON II&.L, A_ : ' , ,...... EtIIttJr 
__ -. ",,*EdIlor 

.......... MllaItdllaa.IIIIIy...,1IIIId, ClltlllnaHulw. Ill'-' 

.......................... DMlw,. 

.......... "....., ............. EllDIIIoIIo ..... \IMoIII, ... 
c.n. ...... dtGlllndt, ..... HIdIIII. Me ....... AdIm LIWr. OM 

~ ...... _C»III. ...... P---. .... AiIIIIIIII. ram 
..... ~AIIII*II.MII ...... IJar ............... ...... SdMtw,.,.. ..... 1BII .... a. ....... SuUl.KMlT_. 
IIIIIII ............. ~ 
" ................ AI*. GIIo ............. CaIy lIdIcIin, Ftft 
\.UIII, ............. MuIdDan. ...... OInnI, o.,tv ....... lIRgI 
............. c..lllteaa,.. ron,"'**"c.tn~.""--.lAIgII 
AlNltlaCann''''.I<!erFlot. T~T" 
'IWI* LaIy IIIriIIIMIII, KIII ................. ~ ..... 
CGff ---_ eaa,.. GIIo HuIIdIr. MlI'IIIIOII. JIIIIISpmgIr 
PI,. '11' T .. a--. 0.. au, .............. ylIIIgUI:III 
T .................. DMI.".. 
en ...... I.a ............... y..., 

IIIIUC8DGr.wIIIN.,....,..,."O~ ....... __ je. .. 1IId 
..... _IIUCBD. ...-11 .......... '""" ...... _iII_« 
111,. ............... ....-.01110 ... l1;1li-. 
IlWUCSDa... ... --. ..... ,..,.,oI ......... --..or.t ThI 
_",-111 WopliClond .... _or_ ..... I1III.--,,... 
............ oII111UCSD~ ... ~ .. ~« ... AIIociIIIdar 
"'oIUCSO. 

Editorial: S34~680 BllIiocss: 534-3466 Fas: 534·7691 
UCSD Guardian, B-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Monday, April 16, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

RESIGNATIONS: Two A.S. Officials Leave Posts Early 
Continued from page 1 
"UC Student Association rep-
resentative Denise Whisenhunt 
were "placing their personal dis-
like toward me into the arena of 
politics. Their chi ldish, selfish, 
unproductive. and destruc tive 
behavior does not belong in the 
AS. It belongs in sixth grade. Their 
attitude severely disappoints me at 
a time when my family and I are 
reconstructing our lives. 

"To be plain and blunt. 1 do not 
have the time or the energy to deal 
with their petty games," Migacz 
stated. 

DeLaTorre and Whisenhunt 
both worked in conjunction with 
Migacz in the A.S. External Af-
fairs office, which lobbies state 
and local governments on behalf 
of students. 

A source in the A.S., who did 
not wish to be identified, com-
mented that DeLaTorre. Whis-
enhunt, and Migacz "have been 
feuding throughout the year .... 
They have different political views 
about almost anything under the 
sun." 

DeLaTorre denied that her ac-
cusations against Migacz were of a 
personal nature. 

"I felt that it was unjust that she 
had been picking up paychecks. 
and she hadn't been doing her 
job .... It wasn' t a personal issue 
for me. It was something that 
needed to be done," DeLaTorre 
said. 

The problem with Migacz "was 

acce sibility," DeLaTorre added. 
"She wasn't around, she wasn't 
accessible to us .... It was a ques-
tion of accessibility and commit-
ment and a lack of organization." 

According to Whisenhunt , who 
did not sign the complaint letter 
but supported its accusations, 
Migacz's charge that Whisenhunt 
and DeLaTorre had a personal 
vendetta against her was "com-
pletely inaccurate." 

"I think the accusations that she 
put in her letter were absolutely 
false . and don't mention the pro-
fessionalism of the efforts that the 
A.S. external staff has put in this 
year," Whisenhunt said. 

"Personally, I don 't feel I have 
any vindictive sixth grade altitude," 
she added. 

Whisenhunt agreed with DeLa-
Torre in that Migacz's problems 
included her lack of accessibility 
to students and her staff and -her 
inability to "make sure that the 
needs of students are met." 

"If you make a commitment to 
the students, you should follow 
through. That's been the problem 
with external all year," Whisenhunt 
said. "I feel if the accusations 
against her were not correct, she 
would not have resigned." 

In an interview, Migacz said 
she had been accessible to her staff 
throughout the year, and had done 
"a good job considering what 1 had 
to deal with." 

She added that she felt DeLa-
Torre and Whisenhunt were "in-

Financing 
Your Education 
Can Be A 
Balancing Act. .. 
Talk To Us 
About A 
Student Loan! 

• Fast • Local 
We dare other lenders to beat us! 
If you need spedal help. we 
aren't a vague voice in New York 
or Sacramento. We're here and 
we help . 

FREE CREDIT UNION 
MEMBERsIDPI 

We waive your membership fee 
and you enjoy outstanding fman-
dal services from any of 22 
countywide branch locations. 

Call us for more info about 

Stafford, SIS, or PLUS 
546-2063 

or ask your Financial Aid Department 

"The Student Loan Store" 

(I 

sensi live" in regard to her motner' s 
death. 

"There are people out there who 
don't care if my mother died or 
not; they just care about them-
selves," Migacz said. 

Migacz laid part of the blame 
for the complaint letter on "com-
petitiveness" between her and 
DeLaTorre, who ran against her 
for the VP external position last 
year. 

"Stephanie and I have histori-
cally competed. We have had per-
sonal disagreements throughout the 
year." Migacz said. 

A.S. President Ramirez said he 
felt Migacz had done a "decent 
job, considering all the things she 
had to deal with." He pointed out 
that Migacz faced difficulties as 
early as last spring. when she went 
through a protracted court battle 
within the A.S. to fight elections 
violations charges filed by her 
opponent, Craig Peters. Migacz had 
won the election for VP external 
over Peters by a four vote margin. 
809 to 805. 

"It 's sad that some people want 
to file [a complaint] when there 's 
only three weeks left" for current 
AS. members to remain in office. 
Ramirez added. 

VP External-elect McKay said 
that while she felt sorry for Mi-
gacz, she looked forward to filling 
her position. 

"I'm excited .... I see this as a 
great opportunity to get things 
accomplished. External has been 

at a standstill for a long time," 
McKay said. 

Ex-Commissionerof Academic 
Affairs Malloy said he resigned 
his post "because of family prob-
lems that required me to spend 
four days a week in Los Angeles 
with my family. " 

"In retrospect, I probably should 
have resigned earlier, " Malloy said. 

Commissioner of Academic 
Affairs-elect Annette Mosley said: 
"I'll be happy to take the position 
as soon as possible, but] think it's 
unfortunate about both [resigna-
tions)." 

RENT - A - CAR CHEEP, Inc •• 3 

FROM 
$18.00 
A DAY 

ALL CARS 
FREE UNUMITED MILES 

NO CREDIT CARDS NEEDED 
18 YRS. OLD 

FREE PICK UP .. DEW/tRY 

17 4 7 Pacific Highway 
San Diego. CA 92101 

1819) 23&-1012 

~~~~~~~~ '" 
<,oup ANO SALAD BAR RF<;TAlJRANT<; 

NOW WE DELIVER! 
UCSD PARTIES, 
LUNCHEONS, MEETINGS, 
CALL US! 
551-0100/ FAX 551 ·0180 

WELCOME BACKI 
UCSD'S Original Soup Exchange 

Downtown La Jolla, 7777 Fay Ave. wants you back! 
H .... • ......... 1. y ___ ., fI_ ............ . 

Come to downtown La Jolla, show 150/- OFF 
your student I.D. and we'll give you 70 

Not valid on deliveries. Expires 5/5/90. 

COLLEGE LIFE CALLS 
Fa DOMINO'S PIZZA. 

0......,_ ...... ,,_ ........... (:1,,"0...-1""-_ 

IT'S TIME FOR DOMINO'S PIZZK 
You've filled your mind with facts CALL USI 
and figures, NOW fill your body 
with a Domino's Pizza, topped with 452-UCSD 
real cheese and fresh toppings. 3211 Holiday Ct.. 

r-----------T-----------, I LATE NIGHT SPECIAL I DOMINO'S DELUXE DEAL I 
I $ 7:w9 I One Medium Two Medium I ORIGINAL ORIGINALS 
:1 Get a medium ORI:::::XCheese Pizza :1 ~!1~~:na!n~r~~~~r~· :1 

with 1 topping of your choice for only $7.29 Pepperoni, Fresh Mushrooms. Onions, I plus tax. Offer good after 8:00 p.m. ONt Y. I Sausage. and Green Peppers. JUST ASK! I 

- - 10 0 S400 mlIIIcn a .... union MOdI ... ...-I ohc «IucMIcnoJ """"'"""'Y 01 San Dqo Cour<y 
lot """" ohan. quantI.......,. _ . "'""'. oonciiono. ond __ oubjar:t ., ~ II Expires: 6/'JAJ/9IJ II II Explrn: 6/'JAJ/9IJ I Not good with any other offer. Coupon required. No substitutions. No coupon required. I 

• Customer must mention coupon when ordortng. Q I Not v.tid with any other offer. Q • All \ot.ro oubjar:t .. acdi. Of'P'O""l. ~----------- ... -----------.. Limited delivery area to ensure safe driving. Our drivers carry less than $20. 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 16, 1990 

Opinion 
-

UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 
PHIL GRUEN. Editor in Chief 
ROB I MACLEA • Managing Editor 
ANTON BIlTNER. New Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
DA VID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

TM UCSDGum-dian is published Iwi~ wc:d.: lyal dte UnivershyotClHromia, Sin Die&o. Contenn 0 1990. 
V~WS cllpttiSCd I'Ierein I'tpresenl the majoriey v«eoflhe cd ilorial board. and ate no( ncccuarity tho5e oflhe 
UC Boilrd of RClen~ ,he ASUCSD. nor 1M entire GuardiQ,. sHIfT. 

1990 A.S. Elections 

A Few Observations 
The ASUCSD elections did miss some of last year's spice; 

there were no strippers in Peterson Hall to hurt a candidate, no 
large election violations, and no major ethical lapses. There were 
som interesting twists, however, and some lessons to be learned. 

The clearest lesson from this election was, once again, that the 
carnpaign is too s hort. Most voters h ad little contact with candi-
dates during the campaign, and less than 15 percent cared enough 
to vote. Many of the referenda had " no opinion" receiving the 
largest percentage, and had the other races had that option, we 
suspect "no opinion" would have won there, too. 

The short campaign forces voters to make ill-informed deci-
sions. Elections should take place in the third week, not the 
second. This requires a change in the A.S. Constitution, so 
modifying the election is a job for the Constitutional Convention. 

The election also seemed cleaner than last year' s, but there 
may yet be some accusations of violations and political dirty 
tricks . That 's to be expected, however, and most candidates 
followed the rules as well as they were able. 

That may not have been too well, but that's not their fault. 
Following the rules requires learning the complex and overlap-
ping regulations of the A .S ., the various colleges, and the univer-
sity. These rules need to be standardized. 

It was also interesting to observe the performance of slates . 
Last year, slates did extremely well, and it was true again this 
year. All three of the candidates on the R.I.G.H. T. slate who were 
running opposed are in runoffs. The candidates running under the 
"Substance Not Slogans" slogan also did well , with two candi-
dates in runoffs and the other - Molly McKay - winning 
outright. The only other major slate, B.E.S.T., which was a big 
winner last year, bucked the trend with only two out of seven 
candidates victorious. 

Three of the races - president, VP administrative, and VP 
fmance - are in runoffs. Runoffs occur when no candidate 
receives more than 50 percent of the vote. These three races 
promise to be interesting. In the presidential race, John Edson has 
an edge over Vanness Harris, however, garnering 41.5 percent of 
the vote in the primary, compared to Harris' 23.3 percent. It's still 
going to be a tough race, since Harris has a strong core of loyal 
supporters. 

Another runoff race will be for VP fmance. Sergio Langarica, 
of Edson's "Substance Not Slogans" slate, will be facing off 
agll;inst Karen Makkreel, of Harris' R.I.G.H.T. slate. Langarica 
also took a commanding lead in the primary election, receiving 
44.8 percent of the vote. Makkreel placed a distant second, with 
29 percent. The last runoff, for VP administrative, promises to be 
the most interesting. The votes for this race split almost evenly 
three ways, with less than six percent of the votes separating the 
largest and smallest vote-getters. Both Mike Holmes and Ruben 
Duran are qualified, and it will be interesting to see which way 
those who supported James Reiner will vote . 

The results of the referenda were, for the most part, expected . 
The vole on the nuclear weapons labs was extremely close, but 
considering the way it was worded, it was s urprising - and 
gratify ing - that students saw through the smoke and voted to 
continue UC management of the labs. The votes on the parking 
fee and RIMAC sponsorship referenda, while symbolic, will give 
the next A.S. president - very possibly their sponsor, John 
Edson - some bargaining power with the ~dministration . 

Looked at as a whole, the e lections went smoothly, largely due 
to the elections manager, Kathy Jennings. It's hard to say for sure 
before the runoffs, but it appears that next year's A .S. will be 
composed of capable people. We hope they can do better than the 
councils of previous years. 

UC Should Not Manage Nuclear Labs 
Editor: 

There are several aspects of the 
UC management of the nuclear 
weapons labs at Los Alamos and 
Livermore which were ignored in 
the G uardiall' s recent endorse-
ment, resulting in shallow cover-
age of the issue. 

First, the value of the small 
portion of the management fee 
that is available for UC use is 
possibly outweighed by the costs 
the UC experiences due to its 
management. 

Extremely high costs to the 
university include opportunity 
costs in the areas of teaching and 
research. The time top adminis-

trators spend dealing with lab 
matters is time not spent on edu-
cation and research program for 
the UC. Over 20 universi ty of-
fices must pay attention to the 
labs to one degree or another. 

Another cost involves the ef-
fect the internal controversy over 
the UC management of the labs 
has on internal cohesion and teach-
ing and research within the Uc. 
This controversy has been raging 
since the Vietnam War and has 
been an extremely divisj.,'e factor 
between important sectors of the 
university , on both academic 
questions and those of fundamen-
tal values. 

Protesters Were Disrespectful 
Editor: 

On Tuesday night, I paid $5 to 
attend the National Issues Forum 
on the effects of social reform in 
the Soviet Union. I was looking 
forward to this as an ideal oppor-
tunity to learn more about Soviet 
foreign and domestic policy di-
rectly from Soviet Spokesperson 
Gennady Gerasimov. 

It was a time to address a 
number of issues, including the 
recent events in Eastern Europe, 
the S.T.A.R.T. talks, Soviet for-
eign relations, and of course, the 
internal strife involving the Baltic 
states, panicularly of Lithuania. 

Unfortunately, a minority of 
the audience (supporters for lithu-
anian independence) was to mo-
nopolize the entire evening. What 
was meant to be an informati ve 
educational experience turned into 
an arena of petty dispute. 

The time that was set aside for 
brief questions became, instead, 
the ground forredundantcriticisms 
and accusations concerning lithu-
ania. 

I am not condoning the way 
that the Soviet government has 
handled the situation in Lithuania. 
I want to stress, however, that Mr. 
Gerasimov is merely the spokes-
person for the Soviet government; 
he cannot be held personally re-
sponsible for the actions of the 

BENSON 

Kremlin. 1 also want to point out 
that the issue of Lithuanian inde-
pendence is only one of the many 
important political issues that 
concern us as United States citi-
zens. 

The majority of these questions 
and concerns went unanswered 
due to lack of time. This could 
have been prevented had certain 
members of the audience relegated 
the microphone when ordered to 
do so. The most absurd was the 
person shrieking for their "right to 
free speech" and letting Mr. Gera-
simov know that "this is the USA." 
Why is it that every time one speaks 
of independence or freedom in 
other pans of the world, they ' re 
simultaneously waving the Arneri-
can flag? 

And if we're really going to 
talk of "rights," what about the 
right of a distinguished individual 
to be treated with common cour-
tesy and respect? What about the 
rights of students, faculty, and 
other individuals that paid to hear 
this man ,peak? 

One could almost overlook the 
blatant disrespect toward the rest 
of the audience, but the frequent 
outbursts and personal attacks on 
Mr. Gerasimov were not only rude 
but embarrassing to all of us as 
American citizens. 

Jennifer Danek 

"'f :" . \, t '; ...... , , \.- , . 
1..-

, 

., _ -'-

Contrary to the Guardiall's 
assertion that the university gains 
prestige through its involvement 
with the labs, the UC continues to 
recei ve bad publicity and criti-
cism for the labs ' problems. These 
problems include poor manage-
ment of toxic waste, high inci-
dence of melanoma among lab 
employees, as well as other health, 
safety, and environmental prob-
lems at the labs. These problems 
have been focussed on by the 
public, the press, scientific com-
munities, and members of the state 
Legislature and Congress. 

The university is also held 
accountable when the labs attempt 
to censure opinions that challenge 
national nuclear policy or ques-
tion the workings of the labs, which 
has occurred quite frequently. The 
involvement of the UC with the 
labs has been questioned as lab 
officials give misinformation to 
members of Congress on the prog-
ress of their programs, specifi-
cally SOl, and actively lobby 
against nuclear test bans and arms 
control treaties in Congress. The 
UC's involvement with the labs 
has put the university in the awk-
ward position of defending the 
labs' internal policies, which the 
UC does not determine. 

Neither does the UC decide on 
the programs or budgeting of the 
labs, nor the primary mission, 
which is the research and devel-
opment of nuclear weapons. 1lle 
controversy surrounding the labs, 
and thus including the university, 
will increase as the Cold War is 
ending and the purpose of nuclear 
development is severely ques-
tioned. 

Important non-military re-
search also goes on in the labs, 
comprising about 23 percent of 
the labs ' programs. However, the 
UC does not have to manage the 
labs at great cost to itself to have 
access to this research. The De-
partment of Energy (D.O.E.) has 
stated that the teaChing and re-
search collabora!ive relationship 

See LABS, page 6 

Monday, April 16, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

CSOs: Agents of the Thought Police? 
Editor: 

I am writing to alert the campus community of the latest attack on our civil liberties-
the UCSD secret police. 

Not since the placement of riot police/shock trooper tunnels from Revelle to Muir, nor 
the installation of video cameras to identify student activists at the Price Center have we 
had such a threat to our rights. Walking among us right now are student spies masquerading 
as our "friends" who in truth draw their paychecks directly from our own fascist UCSD 
police force. 

During the day and night, these students, linked by radio to the police station, are 
looking, searching, hunting for any conversations, any glimpses of activity, against the 
administration-defined norm. How can you protect yourself, you ask? Simple. 

Yellow. Look for yellow. 
Yes friends, the once noble job of CSO has been perverted by the introduction of new 

"powers." Once an organization to prevent rapes and car thefts, the new and improved CSO 
is now charged with searching for undesirables, ticketing our cars, and informing on those 
of us who dare mention drugs or alcohol at UC San Diego. 

Making no attempt to conceal themselves, only their true function, campus CSOs are 
easily picked out and avoided. If you don' t want to be informed on, staying away from these 
Nazi youth is your best course of action. Unfortunately, due to the inability of our brutal 
UC police to make this campus safe for anything butthe Regents' property, the importance 
of night escorts cannot be denied. However, precautions should be taken by the people: 

1) If a CSO asks to come in under any pretense, deny him ar her entry. Their only aim 
is to search for beer bottles, drug paraphernalia, or signs of student activism. 

2) If a CSO asks you where any upcoming parties or meetings are being held, be wary 
-- she/he is only digging for tips she/he can pass on to their superiors. 

3) If a CSO is in the vicinity, halt all conversation immediately -overheard conversa-
tions lead to more harassment from the police. ' 

Call me an alarmist, but look to our campus past. First our campus police becomes 
militantly anti-student, next, the parking police is extended to hunt down petty violations, 
and today, your "community service" officer is informing on you instead of protecting you. 
What next UCSD? TAs examining papers for drug/alcohol references? Librarians report-
ing students who check out "radical" books from Central or HUL? Rise now before it's too 
late! CSOs, refuse to issue citations, refuse to inform on your fellow students, return to the 
role you were intended to fulfill: serving the community, NOT the administration. 

John F. Smith 

Com",."tary 

Lithuania: " ••• Justice For All?" 
By RIMAS UZGIRIS, Photo E4IkIr 
. 1lle year was 1945; America'i vicro-, 
riousyouthsretumedsmuglytotheirun-
dama~ boQJes and the open arms of 
family and ftiends. The peoples of the 
world were freed from abe sbacJcJes of 
oppression. As sighs of relief echoed 
around the world. tbree tiny nations lost 
their indepcodence, tide pools caught by 
an advanciDl tide. 

The yearis 1990; litbuania bas tom 
a gap in the blanlcet of oppression and 
with eyes affJXed towards liberty's tlame 
it cries: "Help us! Help us!" And Amer-
ica looks down and whispers "no." 

The American people console lithu-

... ~ ........ 
arua: .,...........-"peIieaCc .... 'V ... )!OU . 
have indepeodence DQwr Ifpw soon 
Americ:ans forpl their pest: tbeiffOUDd-
ing t'atheJs' insatiable ~ ~ free, 
their own hurried break ' fJom Mocbor 
England. Yet Russia is ItO'" to 
Lithuania. Indeed, abo is a jIilor, or • 
Custer who came and conquered oo1y to 
find himself aurrounct.d by hostile 
peoples. CUIleI' fouaht IQ ... death. and 
now Gocbacbev dnaIeIII to <:OIltioue 
that war. 

.. ~..,tbMOOrbIcIwvcaNlClt 
aftbrdlOlII4kbt .... !·~ kwouldlDCllD 
1he endCllfl* political carew. Tbeendof 
the Union. But from where does the 
Soviet Unioa derive the lelitimacy of its 
occupation? The annexation of the Bal-
tic Stalella. crime. Try .. they might to 
bury the past and the truth it holds, the 
past will rise up and demand atonement. 

Will the United States extend a hand? 

It must, for the Jack of integritY in 
America's leaders bas betrayed its sbar-
ing ideals, sbootiog die eagle from the 
sky, If the eagle is to fly onc:o 'more, 
Ameri<:a must stand for the beliefs by 
which it was for&ed. "Politics" is 
AmerIca's MSwor fa,1he question of its 
inaction. A pox on politics, it has forever 
been a sore on humaaity'l heart. 

The bypc;cdiy Of' ~ RiiiJit-
ship must cease and it must support-
albeit prudently - its cn:ed of "liberty 

"and justice for aU," a creed !hal must 
apply to aU people. of the world. not 

, simply thole few lucky enough to be 

COIIIIdee'~ 
On aaJobtl ~,Ibe OUICOIIIeofthe 

Utbuanian crisis c:ould determine the 
inJmcdiate fUtwe oIbuman affairs. k is 
Groundbos Day ininlematiooal polilic:s. 
Will Uthuania emeqe in a springtime 
for humanity or will the shadow of 0p-
pression yet remain over abe land? 

Ultimately. tbefiDII outcomedependa 
00 Oorbecbev. will he be remembered 
IS a IteM Russian leader or as • Breat 
~ .... 1 HoQQDOl be both. To 
deIit. • ,... •• ri8II:of self detenni ... 
doe lid fadi~ floodocn is to deny 
tbem a ponion of Ibeir humanit;y; to 
allow Utbulnla's Independence is the 
beainniIIJ of the end for the Soviet Un-
Ion. The bigb tide of oppression bas 
drowned enoup generations of Litbu-
anilOS; it is time for that tide to recede. 

How many years can some people 
exist before they're al10wed to be free? 

Roe 

QkeJWHObAlD 
ThJJ1 WAS DO\PH~ 5Aff?t 

" 

- _. ----_. 

'--

Letting Go of Long-Distance Love 
By JASON SNELL, AssociaU News Editor 

The first time I saw my girlfriend was 18 months after I met her. It was my first 
relationship. So what if it was a little bit weird? 

Okay, a lor weird. She lived in Michigan; I lived in Northern California. Two people, 
thousands of miles apart, in love with each other. And we had never seen each other. 

They tell people who come to college while they have a boyfriend or girlfriend back 
home that long-distance relationships just don't work. I was in one long before I came to 
college, and I was convinced that it would work. 

I saw her for a week, a wonderful, humid August week in Grand Rapids, Michigan . And 
the girl that I had never seen in person before, the woman I had fallen in love with just by 
hearing her voice, was just as wonderful in person. Love is love whether or not you're near 
him or her. 

That's what I tell people who are in long-distance relationships. 
And "then I pause for a second, and tell them that not even love can save those 

relationships. It doesn't matter. . 
It was the distance that mattered, whether we liked it or not. Both of us leamed that 

distance could kill a relationship. "Waiting for each other" to finish college is an option that 
just won ' t fly . Being lonely, away from the person you love, away from your family, 
watching all the couples around you, is not a way to spend four (or more) years of your life. 

For me, it was even weirder, because 
what I felt - and still ~tpo_ -.T.& .... T Cl~-u'n feel - for her was 
not based on anything UUAA1J~, ~ r physical. It was 
purely emotional. The " brief time we had 
together, that week in the summer of 1988, was wonderful. But our physical presences 
weren ' t what our relationship was based on. 

The fact that love was what it was based on didn't matter, either. We are no longer in 
any sort of relationship. A long, painful period passed when we didn't even talk to each 
other, mostly because we realized that if we did talk to each other, we'd end up feeling those 
feelings again , wanting to stay together, and filling our lives with the pain of loneliness all 
over again. 

Then, a month or so ago, I got a phone call. Somehow, when the phone rang, I knew that 
it was her. And she told me that she was coming to San Diego for Spring Break. 

I saw Diana again two weeks ago, and, strangely, a lot of the things between us were the 
same. But there was a painful difference: she had fallen in love with somebody else. 

And so, two weeks ago, I realized how much I love her - and worst of all, I realized 
that sometimes love doesn' t matter. She told me that if the man she's been seeing asked her 
if she was still in love with me, she'd have a hard time answering him. We both realized, 
I think, how special what we had was. 

But no matter how much we loved each other, we were tom apart by the distance. Fall ing 
in love with someone that far away was not logical. In fact, it was unbelievably illogical. 
But I did it anyway. 

Eventually, though, no matter how much you love someone, you have to submit to 
reality. Even if it hurts you. 

Maybe, someday, fate will place us in the same city , and maybe we'll both end up 
unattached at that time. [t's not very likely, but you never can tell. 

If that happens, it happens. And it would be wonderful, because I know that she and I 
have something special, something I may never find anywhere else. 

People with long-distance relationships tend to defend their relationships by saying that 
if they're in love, the distance won't matter. Maybe some relationships are like that. 

But it doesn't hun to keep in mind that sometimes love isn't enough. And sometimes, 
if you really love that penon far away, you've got to do something unbelievably painful. 

You've got to let them go - not because you don', love them, but because you do. 

n, VCSD G".rrlU.M wdcoma your tetten and commentaries. Drop your tetter at the G .. nli.,. 
otIIca (00 the accond floor of the Sludent Ceola', where the A.S. offices UICd to be) or mail 
it to: 

OpInion Editor, 71111 G".nli.", 
B·016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Lctttn should be typed, doubte·spaced, and should include a sipnarc and phone nwnbcr. 
We racrw the right to edit Inters for tcnJth and clarity. Deadline for letters for Monday's 
isauc is noon on Friday. Deadline for Thursday's issu~ is noon Monday. 



6 OPINION 

Labs 
Continued from page 4 
between the labs and the univer-
ity would go unchanged if the 

univer ity di continued manage-
ment of the labs. 

men!. 
The goal of the labs is the de-

velopment of nuclear weapons for 
the 2 1st century. The purpose of 
the referenda question on the 
nuclear weapons labs is to deter-
mine whether we, as members of 
the UC, can support this goal. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Weapons development of any 
kind involve a commitment to 
death, rather than providing people 
with a better life. 

The two weapons labs fuel the 
arms race and actively work 
against arms control treaties. In-
deed, their entire existence de-

being. Can we agree with the UC's 
involvement with nuclear weap-
ons? 

The Guardian's coverage of 
this important i sue involves only 
a small piece on the most recent 
faculty report and a short review 
of the graduate council's decision. 

Monday, April 16, 1990 

those in San Diego, Santa Bar-
bara, and Los Angeles, have also 
voted against UC management of 
the labs. 

A referenda question on UC 
management of the nuclear weap-
ons labs will appear on the spring 
election ballots at almost every 
UC campus. 

The most substantial argument 
for continued UC management of 
the lab i that the UC as operator 
will be able to influence the labs 
so they move away from weapons 
research and toward more pro-
ductive activity. However, UC 
attempts to influence the policies 
of the labs have been actively re-
buffed by the D.O.E. It is highly 
unlikely that the UC will gain 
influence over lab policies in the 
future either. as the D.O.E has 
continuously asserted its sover-
eignty in policy matters. 

The goal of the labs is the development of nuclear weapons 
for the 21 st century. The purpose of the referenda question 
on the nuclear weapons labs is to determine whether we, as 
members of the UC, can support this goal. 

The issue of UC management, 
which has long been a source of 
controversy both inside and out-
side the UC. is finally being sub-
jected to the direct vote of the UC 
faculty and students. It is regret-
table that the Guardian has not 
played a more informative and 
active role in the entire process. 

The D.O.E. has also stated that 
it will get a new manager if the UC 
does not respect the labs ' absolute 
autonomy and cannot support the 
labs' primary goals as they are 
determined by the U.S. govern-

The Guardian's coverage of 
the referenda question begins by 
stating the "visceral reaction" of 
the students probably is a vote 
against UC management of nu-
clear weapons laboratories. We 
automatically react against nuclear 
weapons despite all rationaliza-
tions like the Guardian's because 
we, as students, have an instinct 
for life. 

The Art and Science of Pure Flower and Plant 
Es ence to Care for Your Hair, Skin and Body 

.,....... Cuts • Student SpecIal 
Men's Cuts $12.00 
Women's Cut $16.00 
BlOw drying not included 

1 10% OFF ANY PERM;COLOR, l 
or NAIL SERVICE ~,~..!p.;..!!QUJ!!.d . .Q!!er.!!2! v.!!!E ~ ~u:?!!..dI~~ 

EnVironmentally 
Re,pon'lble 

t\o Anlmal.Te'[lng. 
Plea;,e Recvcle 

Designer Cuts - La Jolla Village Square 
Open 7 days a week, evenings too • 455-1700 

Computers 
LA JOLLA 

UCSD SPECIAL DISCOUNT 
INCLUDES: 

----
----
- ----
---
- - ---
- - - -----_.-
--_.-

. 2 DRIVES 

. 640 MEMORY 
PRINTER 

• 1.YR WARRTY COMPATIBLE 
• SOFTWARE Complete System 

$795 
Anything 
you need CALL 454-5544 

1110 Torrey Pines Road. SUite A 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

uanhhes limited 

_E m 
flr.ancino & l uslno "Vlliable 

pends on the perpetuation of the 
paranoid Cold WarmentaJity. The 
two labs have developed the 24 
different warheads on the bombs 
and missiles for the nation ' s nu-
clear arsenal. Over 50 percent of 
the labs ' budget goes to nuclear 
weapons. 

Continued UC management 
presumes the labs' role in the arms 
race contributes to human welJ-

Cl'J-£fJYY :s 9{5ULS 
IF YOU WANT BEAUTIFUL 
hands, come to Cindy's. Our 
experts will take care of youl 
Satisfaction upon ~tion, 

or your money backl 

Full Set ........... ......... $17.95 reg. $25 
RHa .............. .-......... $11.95 reg. $15 
Rbergless ............... $29.95 reg. $35 
Silk W...., ................. $24.95 reg. $30 
MlnlClft/Pedlan . $14.15 reg. $18 
RblrglullIIl. ......... $1U5 reg. $20 
First·time clients only • Expires 4130190 

1231 GImet, PIcIIc IIIIch 
274-8205 
(~ FaooeI & Everts) 

Walt.Jns MIk:ome • Mon.,SIt. 9 a.m-7 p.m. 

25% STUDENT DI5COU""T 

Joe Auerback 
Attorney - Del Mar 

Landlord-Tenant 

Divorce 

Accidents 

Drunk Driving 

792-6864 

SWEDISI 
MASIAIE 
... for women only 

' 39 11/2 hour . seSSf,on 
Barb Robe~ RN 

144-.480 

The Guardian has not covered the 
rather extensive action on the is-
sue that has occurred on this 
campus and throughout the Uc. 

The A.S. Council at UCSD 
voted for UC discontinuation of 
management, as did the councils 
at Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, 
Davis, and San Francisco. 

The Academic Senate chapters 
which have voted on the question, 

• 

Laura M urray 
Editor's Note: The ballot refer-

endum asking if the UC should 
continue managing nuclear reo 
search labs passed wih 40.9 per· 
cent of the ballots cast voting 
"yes," closely followed by 40.2 
percent of the sllldents voting 
" /w ." The remaining 18.8 per· 
cent of the voters had 110 opillion. 

SAAB 

ROBERT'S 
® German, Swedish 

Japanese Service 

MOIL-Fri. 7 am-6:30 pm 

Saturdays 8 am-6 pm 

(619)275-1132 
4630 Mission Bay Drive 

(1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

--------------------10% OFFonalirepairs* 
with t his coupon 

OEx«pt mowr and tronami&sion overhaul. Not valid with any otMr coupon. 

Your Decision. YOur Choice. 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immediate 

Test Results 
• Pregnancy 

Termination 
• General or Local 

Anesthesia 
• Affordable 

Birth Control 
• Student Discount 

The College Line 
535-1379 

c;r;1 .L ' ~nCriotce 
FnHlily PlpHltiftg 

Associptes 
Medicnl CrollP 

Monda~ April I6, 1990 

RUNOFF 
Continued from page 1 
phomore senator will be repeated 
due to an elections violation com-
plaint filed by Jose Jimenez. 

Fifth College will hold a sepa-
rate election Wednesday and 
Thursday to elect its sophomore 
senator, and to elect its college 
council as well. 

Jennings said that Jimenez, one 
of the candidates for the office, 
filed the complaint with the A.S. 
on Wednesday and with Fifth 
College on Thursday. 

Jennings said that a Fifth Col-
lege commuter bulletin encourag-
ing comm uters to voteleft 
Jimenez's name off the list of 
candidates. 

LEE 
Continued from page 1 
that they are not beautiful. 

"Then [they] start to alter the 
way (they] are naturally to try to 
compete," he explained. 

"That's where a lot of self-
hatred comes from as far as black 
people are concerned," he added. 
"We are taught to hate ourselves." 

Lee's first film, "She's Gotta 
Have It," was filmed in only 12 
days during July of 1985. Accord-
ing to Lee, it only cost $175,000 to 
make, butthe film brought inclose 
to $8 million. 

The fi lm premiered at the San 
Francisco Film Festival on the 
night of a blackout. 

"The whole city of San Fran-
cisco was in darkness for 45 min-
utes," he said, "but we knew we 
had a hit when nobody in the 

Thc; UCSD Guardian 

audience left." 
"School Daze," Lee' ~ second 

film, was shot almost entirely at 
his alma mater, Morehouse Col-
lege. 

"What I try to do [in 'School 
Daze '] is to try to address what I 
feel are some of the petty and 
superficial differences that keep 
Afro-Americans from being a 
more unified people," he said. 

These differences include skin 
complexion, social background, 
and, particularly emphasized in 
"School Daze," whether or not 
one belongs to a fraternity. 

The inspiration for "Do the 
Right Thing," Lee said, came from 
the Howard Beach incident. Ac-
cording to Lee, this incident in-
volved three black men whose car 
broke down in the Howard Beach 
area of Queens. As they searched 
for a telephone, they were chased 

NEWS 7 

out of a pizzeria by a gang of white two women occuned when a black 
youths wielding bats. As a result, woman, who had stepped up to a 
one of the black men was chased microphone to ask Lee a ques-
into a freeway and killed. tion, accused officials of not al-

"But I did not want to do a · lowing her to bring her camera 
dramatization of the Howard into the lecture because she was 
Beach story," Lee said, explain- black. 
ing that disputes can arise about "I see many white people with 
the accuracy of an occurrence that cameras in the audience," she said. 
people know so little about. "So 1 She then pointed out a white 
had a whole lot more artistic free- woman as an example. This 
dom," he said. woman then walke-d up to the 

Lee is presently working on a black woman and an exchange of 
new film which leaves the subject words ensued. Officials quickly 
of racism behind. It is about a ushered them from the floor. 
modem-day trumpet playerwhose Lee expressed hope that the 
first priority is his music. different races and ethnic groups 

"It follows the decline of his could eventually live together in 
character," Lee said, as he tries to harmony. 
"balance the differing priorities of "I think there is hope," he said, 
his music and his love life." "but I think at the same time you 

A question-and-answer period also have to be truthful as pos-
followed Lee's speech. sible and not try to bullshit 

A heated discussion between people." 

"The impression was that Fifth 
College Council was using council 
money to endorse candidates ... and 
this was not" legal, Uri Feldman, 
chair of the Fifth College Judicial 
Board, explained. The board nulli-
fied the results of the election on 
Friday. 

According to Feldman, the bal-
lots to determine the Fifth College 
council will be recast due to an un-
specified "administrative error." 

REDUCE YOUR 
STUDENT 

The Third College referendum 
asking for preferences in renam-
ing the college indicated that the 
most popular choice among stu-
dents was "Martin Luther King 
College" (39.4 percent), followed 
by "Sequoyah College" (32.4 per-
cent) and "Rosa Parks College" 
(13.1 percent). Fifteen percent of 
those voting had no preference on 
the name change. 

BODIES ~~ .. -
• ~42~~} 

Duran va. Holmes: Uno Mall - Ruben Duran (I) and Mike 
Holmes will square off for VP administrative in the runoffs. 

- ~." .... ~, 
~~.:.~ .. ~ . I 

. -~;" I 

VOTE VOTE VOTE 
1990 ASUCSD IN TH E 

RUNOFF ELECTION 
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18,1990 

A M TO 4:00 PM 
CENTER PLAZA 

10:00 
PRICE 

&. 
President 

GYM STEPS 

Vanness Harris RIGHT 
John Edson Substance Not Slogans 

Vice President Administrative 
Mike Holmes 
Ruben Duran 

Vice President Finance 

CORE 
RIGHT 

Karen Makkreel RIGHT 
Sergio Langarica Substance Not Slogans 

MUST HAVE UCSD ID CARD TO VOTE!!! 



8 Thc UCSD Guardian Monday, April 16, 1990 

A. S. UCSD BULLETIN 
-Paid Advertisement-AS PROGRAMMING STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
·ro FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS· 
: CALL THE A.S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-8433! : 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

A.S. PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE MTG. 
TUES., APRIL 17th at 5:00 PM 
PRICE CENTER CONF. RM. 8 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
• AS FILM SERIES PRESENTS • • • 
• • 
: -2nd FILM FOR SPRING QUARTER- : 
• 
• 
• 

: ~~~ ::~v~C~ sex, lies, and 
videotape 
~ .. 

• ONLY $l.00!ll BIG 
: PICTUREIIt 35MM 
• 6:30/9:00/&11:30111 
• 
• 
• • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

ror fEN: 
TOR 

I Do NOT WANT WHAT I HAVEN'T 

MC.IDF-"ENJOY THE SILENCE" MAXI-SINGLE 
DNIGHr OIL-BLUE SKY MINING 
6~ ':CoWsOY JUNKIES-THE CAUTION HORSES 
7. THE CHURCH-GoLD AFTERNOON FIX 
8. OINGO BOINGO-THE DARK AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL 
9. THE MISSION U.K.-CARVED IN SAND 

10.THE B-52 I s-COSMIC THING 

Scott~.h Folk Dancing: Come Join us for a Jig ... or a reel or a Strathspey. We will meet 
allhe West aaleony In the Main Gym at 7:30pm on Wed .• Apr. 18th. We especially 
welcome beginners. No partners necessary. For more Info. call 452-2735. 
International Club- Come Join us on a trip to Disneyland I $25 Includes admission 
and transportation. Sign up 0 the Int'l Ctr. Main Ofe. Spaces are llmlted so hurry! 
Call 453-5044 for more info. 
American. JapaneK CrOll CultW Soc::letx- Learn how to make Sushi. All you 
can eat Sprlng Sushi Festll - Wed .. Apr. 18th 5:30-7:300 the Int'l Ctr. $2.00. 

CathoUc Film Serles Presents 
RAUL JULIA 

1\Q!Il~~ 
A ft1m about the Ufe of Archbishop Oscar Romero of El Salvador 

7:00pm • Wednesday, April 18th 0 The PC Theatre • FREEl!! 

. 

!N"If'nRn8"1f'aD IN P~AYING • 1tnva~~a 'f~AZA' 
wa WI~~ PROVlDa 'lEMa 80tJND 
(30NYACY: F08A~IND 514-2519 < 

OR ~aAva A YAPa AY Favn~~n 'fROV08Y OPe. 
(Fnvn~~n tlOON 'fROGRAMMING ~OARD) 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• Revelle Commencement Speaker Wanted!!! • 
• Revelle College is now seeking the student Commencement speaker for • 

the 1990 graduation ceremony. Pick up an application @ the 
Revelle Dean's ofc. Deadline to apply is Fri., Apr. 27th 4:00pm 

Revelle College Town Meeting!!! 
Find out what is happening to Revelle. Voice your opinion regarding 

parking. housing. & the construction around Revelle which is affecting 
all you Revelle Students. Wed .. Apr. 18th @ 7pm In the Revelle 

Commuter Lounge. Be there & be heard. It·s your College. 
Revelle College Involvement Opportunities 

Committees such as: Programming Board,GraduaUon,Judicial,Cur- • 
• rtculum Review, Semi-Formal. & other Campus-wide A.S. Committees • 

need Revelle Students to be Involved. Applications & addltionallnfo are· 
• • 
• available at the Revelle Dean's Ofc. Deadline is April 20. 1990. • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

p •••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• ASUCSD PROGRAMMING PRESENTS • 
• THE ALL CAMPUS • 
• BATTLE OF THE BANDS PART m • 
• Loose Barbaric Love Fish Rhythm Factory AS'S • 
• Azure :Moons ~ WAN K Y 11 0 D DS Bunji Thump • 
• Friday, April 20th • 
• 0 The Triton Pub • 
• FREE 8:00PM FREE • 
• (In conjunction with: Fifth College COUDCU, Warren College • 
• CouncU, Muir College COUDCU, Third College COUDCU, Spiral • 
• Productions, Tia Molly's, and 91X) • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Sponsored by the UCSD Earth Day Planning Coalition, AS, 
UE & SA, Muir College Provost, a Revelle College Dean 

UCSD Earth Day Festival 
Fri., April 20th - 11 am-5pm 

Revelle Plaza 
Featuring music, speakers, food, 

info booths, alternative energy displays, 
artwork, crafts & more 

Monday, April 16, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

A.S. Election Results 
(RWIOft CandidIIII in IIalfat 

PrnIcIIi. lIMIt SenIor SInItDr 
John Edson 795 .1.5"1. Ainee DIInas 204 69.9"4 
V".,., H8nIs 445 23.3% JoseNiIMI 88 30.1% 
Usa Flaig 288 15.1"1. 
Chris Haddock 200 10.5"1. ............... 8InIIor 
Larry Beckar 108 05.8"10 Nocanddale 
Walter IIiIIB 77 04.0% 

................... 
VP AchInI ...... Jayl.evln 135 . 50.5& 
RubsnDcnn 636 37.4"1. Rafael Dominguez 132 48.5"10 
MikII HoImt6 540 31.8% 
James Rainer 525 30.9"4 TIIIrd SenIor SenIIDr 

VIcDIa WIIama 151 51A 
VP EXIImII NIIIr'I Darin MIlloy 1-43 48.7% 
Molly McKay 949 54.7% 
Agustin Orozco 784 45,3% TIIIrd JunIor IIIIIDr 

-

AIdoau.r& 2S2 100.0% 
VPfInIncI 
Sergio l.sngstics 794 ..... 8% ThIrd SopboInoIe SIIIIIDr 
Kan1n MaII/uIJ(JI 515 29.0% . Andre Shelly 146 52.3% 
AraDeukmedjian 466 26.2"1. • Robart GIInn 133 47.7% 

Commlllloner of Acadnic AllIin ........ of TbkdCollege 
Annette Mosely 1411 100.0% MrilIJdher King 141 38.4% 

Sequoyah 118 3UYo 
Commllllol.oI~ No PtefenInce 54 15.1"1. 
Gloria CoITal 1352 100.0% RoaaParks 47 13.1% 

, 

ComIIt.~ ........ a..r 
IJ)er1ine T rajalo 779 54.9% Amy VancIerIiIlden 343 68.7% 
Craig Sneiderman 639 45.1% Jim EdWaIda 156 31.3% 

CommI.1I1II*' of PnIgIIIMIIng .IIuIr JunIor 8IIIIIDr 
Malt Sctuuer 949 58.7% BarbaraT .... 273 59.3% 
Dorothy Knapp . 670 

.'.3"/0 .JocsM GRIlls 188 «1.7% 
ConnI •• CI. 01 PubIc Rliliao. ... S.pUftM ........ 
George Maller 782 57.5% Susan l.edwIIh 314 74.8% 
David FIonIn 579 42.5% Jerry Janoff 106 25.2"10 

CoInm. lInIv. CIr. 80InI .......... 8InIIDr 
. Nick long 1299 100.0% Tom Ludwig 278 100,0% 

E 

........ JuNors.n.or 
JelfWeeks 262 100.0"10 

..,..SO .... OII~...., 
PlRkDwyer 259 100.0"10 

fill JunIor ..... 
PUWIIcox '192 100.0"10 

fill SopbDIIIcn ........ 
SuzyLane 1..0 81.2% 
Joel Jimenez 89 38.8"10 
• ReeuIII nuIIIied: IHOIa ICfIICUed 

A.S. Referenda Results 
PII1dng Fee for RaId ImproVIIIIIIIII 
Yes 373 19.1% 
No 1404 71.9% 
No Opinion 178 09.~o 

Commercial SponIor tor RIMAe 
Yes 1699 87.1% 
No 190 09.7% 
No Opinion 63 03.2% 

UC Mgmt.JNuc_ WIIPOIII lAbs 
Yes 787 40.9% 
No 772 40.2% 
No Opinion 361 18.8% 

AIIIcIo VBI • A.S. ConItItuIIon 
Yes 744 41.2% 
No 244 13.5% 
No Opinion 817 45.3% 

AItIc:Ie In • AS. ConIIIIutIon 
Yes 582 33.6% 
No 163 09.4% 
No Opinion 990 57.1"4 

Ar1IcIa H • A.5. ConItItuIIan 
Yes 577 
No 143 
No Opinion 676 

~ $5 •• 
h,.. $61. 
.....1Ifwt $01 VII... $67. 
.... rid .... 

FIIIIS are IOlIdrip. ~ do applyl 
AlII ........... 

...................... fro. 
$41.1 

6M ..... " ... ~rcEcENTER 
(by tile "ost OftIce» 

Nou' featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 10 QUOV"'~ 

HOURS: 11-10:30 Sun.·Thurs. 
11- 11 Fri. & Sot. 

LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd., Ste. 108 
(In Von's Shopping Center) 

, Now'~ 
.. . \ ... ~ V,l::r lo JoI'" , ..... 

.... Q I'l::o 
"',obe 0. 

uJ( 
. 

J-

--------------------I I 

: 25% OFF:=~:nyogurt : 
I VoId wttn arry o1t1er offer. Toppings not Included. expires 4/'22/90 I L ____________________ ~ 

VOTE VOTE 
1990 ASUCSD 

ELECTION 
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18,1990 

PM 10 :00 A M TO 4:00 
PRICE CENTER PLAZA 

& GYM STEPS 
President 

Vanness Harris RIGHT 
John Edson Substance Not Slogans 

Vice President Administrative 
Mike Holmes 
Ruben Duran 

Vice President Finance 

CORE 
RIGHT 

Karen Makkreel RIGHT 
Sergio Langarica Substance Not Slogans 

MUST HAVE UCSD 10 CARD TO VOTE!!! 



10 FEATURES 

Week Will 
Focus on 
Gay Issues 
• By James Collier 
Features EdiUJr 
a nd Seth later 

enior Staff Writer 
Today's 12p.m.di cus ionof 

gay hi tory in the Price Center's 
Berkeley Room marks the begin-
ning of a week-long serie of 
speakers and events for UCSD's 
Lesbian and Gay Awareness 
Week. 

The event. which cost between 
$1.OOOand$I.200, is beingspvn-
ored jointly by the Lesbian and 

Gay Organization (LAGO), the 
A.I.D.S. Ta k Force, Student 
Health Service ' , Psychological 
and Counseling Services. the 
Women's Resource Center. and 
the A.S. 

The week's events, according 
to event organizer Tony 
Valenzuela. are geared not only 
toward gay men and lesbians, but 
also toward heterosexuals to in-
crease awareness of homosexu-
ality in general and 10 "help them 
if they 're ever faced with the is-
sue" in a personal way. 

Bob Rizza . a member of 
LAGO. said that part of the rea-
son for the week's events is to 
"introduce non-gay students to 
gay culture." He said previous 
gay events at UCSD weregeared 
to "appeal to non-gays." This 
year. however, he feels it is also 
important for gays to be more 
visible on campus. 

"You can't be more visible 
than having a booth at the Price 
Center," Rizza commented. 
"We're trying to break through 
stereotypes. " 

Some of the events included 
during the week include: videos, 
a comedian. panels. and a dance. 
Friday is "Gay Jeans Day," when 
students can "wear jeans in sup-
port of lesbian and gay rights." 
according to Rizza. 

Rizzo said wearing jeans b a 
"more discreet way [of showing 
support] than wearing a giant pink 
triangle." 

The UCSD Guardian 

Features 
LIVING WITH HOMOSEXUALITY 

Out of the 

CLOSET 
CONVERSATIONS 
For Some Gays, Telling Friends, Parents About 
Sexual Preference Is a Difficult Undertaking 
• By Seth Slater 
Senior Staff Writer 

Steve was a first-year college student 
when he stood next to the nightstand in 
his parents' room on the day his father 
pulled a loaded handgun from a drawer. 
cocked it. and asked him to take the lives 
of his parents. Steve had just told his 

mother and father that he was gay. 
Steve. a UCSD sophomore who asked 

that his last name not be used in this 
article. didn ' t pull the trigger. But. he 
recalled. "That night I slept in terror. I 
mean. I pulled the bookcase in front of 
my door." 

The prospect of coming out, or 
making their sexual preferences known. 

UCSD's Buildings and Philanthropy 
Last Year, School Received More Than $42 Million in Donations 
By SANGEETA MEHTA 
Guardian Reporter 

The Mandell Weiss Center for the Performing Arts. the 
Robinson Building. and Ihe Price Center are some of the 
building complexes at UCSD that exist predomi nantly be-
cause of philanthropists. 

As it plays a role in many universities, philanthropy has 
its place at UCSD. Each year alumni. facul ty. and even 
students donate money to the univer ity, enhancing many of 
its facilitie and programs. 

the school. Faculty and ~taff can see the needs the university 
has; they give because they believe in the place and because 
they can directly see the benefits. and that'S enjoyable." 

Bever mentioned that students sometimes are donors. 
For a senior clas project. some students donate to the uni-
versity when they graduate. 

Philanthropists also tend to be area citizens who have an 
interest in the university or who want to invest in higher 
education; some simply have personal reasons for their 
action . 

Monday, April 16, 1990 

, . .. it was such a tre-
mendous feeling not of 
relief, but of happiness, 
to know that there are 
other people who have 
these feelings. It was just 
incredible. , 

- Bob Rizza (pictured left), member, 
Lesbian and Gay Organization 

can be frightening for homosexuals. who 
often risk the loss of friends and family 
support as they come to tenms with their 
own identities. 

But not all coming out experiences are 
as extreme as Steve·s. According to 
UCSD Clinical Psychologist David 
Blasband, who coordinates gay men and 
lesbian peer counseling, it is not uncom-
mon for families to ostracize a homosexual 
son or daughter_ But. he is quick to add, 
"just as often, the family is accepting." 

Acceptance may come more easily. said 
junior Alexia Shamrock, a lesbian. when 
the homosexuals reveal their sexual 
identities in an upbeat way, 

"I think the more comfortable you are 
with it, the easier it ' l\ be and the easier 
[others] will perceive it," Shamrock said of 
coming-out to friends or family members. 

But fi rst. most homosexuals agree, 
before sharing homosexuality with others 
they must deal with it personally. Accord-
ing to Blasband, "Ihe coming Out process is 
a constant one" in which gay men and 
lesbians go through many stages. Steve 
recalled that the first stage of his coming 
out was particularly difficult. 

A pivotal point in his coming out 
process took place in the company of a 
high school girlfriend. 

"We were silting on the couch and we 
were kissing ana that led to other things. 
and J remember it wasn' t quite right," he 
said. "I felt like I wasn't completely there. 
[ felt like I was out of my body watching 
what was going on. and it just didn 't quite 
gel. I remember wishing she was a man," 

After that, Steve's acceptance of his 
homosexuality, he recalled, was an evolu-
tionary process. 

"In high school, I would look in the mirror 
and I couldn ' t even say the word 'gay ... • he 
said. "Then I remember looking into the 
mirror and saying. ' I'm gay' and cry ing." 

Steve was eventually able to face himself 
See CLOSET , page 11 

The rationale behind philanthropy varies wi th each per-
~on who practices it. Mike Bever. assistant vice-chancelor 
of development at UCSD, said, "After they've been out for 
a whi Ie and have had a chance to refiecl. alumni often decide 
that they had a good experience at UCSD and want to help 

As an example of personal reasons affecting a donation, 
Bever cited John and Sally Thornton 's donation last year of 
$5 million for the Thornton Hospital. which will open as 
part of UCSD in 1992. 

"Sally i a native of San Diego, and her father wa a phy 
ee DONORS, page IS 

With the aid of philanthropists like the Price family, the 
qualityofthe Price Center was enhanced, according to 
Mike Bever. 

Monday, April 16, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

CLOSET Rizza added that before he came And gay I i fe, Rizza added. doesn't OUI. he often found himself in Ihe always live up to media imagp-s. 
Continued from page 10 position of avoiding non-gay Sharock agreed. 
and admit his homosexuality friends when they went out for an "The main thing that I got from 
openly. but only after going through evening on the town for fear that going to [support groups] is that it 
a series of stages in his coming-out his lackofinterest in women might got rid of the stereotype of the gay 
process. First, he said, he thought be exposed. He also avoided tell- manorthe lesbians, the really butch 
that he was "straight," and attrib- ing certain fam ily members about lesbian who wants to be a guy or 
uted his interest in men to an abil- his fi rst gay lover. But that, he the really effeminate man that 
ity to "appreciate the male body." says, is not a mistake he is likely to wants to be a woman," she said. 
As he gradually accepted his sexu- repeat in his next serious relation- "You really come to tenms with the 
ali ty. Steve said. he began to iden- ship. reality of it. that you don't look one 
tify himself as a bisexual and then " I know I do have to come out way, that there isn' t a prescribed 
as gay. and tell them," he said, pointing way to look if you' re a lesbian ora 

For many homosexuals. telling out that keeping his romance se- way to look if you're a gay malt. 
other of thei r sex ual orientation is cret put "a big strain on the rela- There isn' t a pre cribed set of roles 
oneofthe mo Ifrighteningaspects tionship." But of even more im- or th ings to play ... It takes all 
of the com ing-out process. It can portance for Rizza is ensuring his kinds. basically." 
also be one of the most rewarding. own happiness down the road. "In Armed with such knowledge, 

'The feeli ng I had when I fi rst the future. I don't want to be pass- gay men and lesbians in the proc-
went to the [support] group and ing this person I love off as a ess of coming out are often able to 
told people T was gay, it was like I friend." muster enough courage to tal k 
was high." said campus Lesbian For most homosex uals inter- about their exual ity openly. Fre-
and Gay Organization (LAGO) viewed for this article. coming out quently, the reactions from others 
member Bob Rizza, 27. a se lf- has coupled the expansion of per- are unexpectedly mild,oreven en-
described " late bloomer," sonal options with a general broad- couraging. 

"In my own experience." Rizza ening of their perceptions of them- "None of my friends I've come 
continued, "it was such a tremen- selves lIJld others. out to have rejected me," Steve 
dous feeling not of relief. but of It has also helped bridge the gap said of the 10 friend he has come 
happiness, to know that there are of understanding between the gay out to so far. 
other people who have these feel - and "straight" communities and at Steve typically comes out in a 
ings, It wasjust incredible. There' s times has gone a long way towards straightforward. nonchalant way. 
a lot of support [in groups like promotlngtheacceptanceofhomo- Once, while discussing the works 
LAG01, andit's really nice to have sexuals by non-gays. of Michelangelo with a friend , 
that support." "[ had a lot of stereotypes in my Steve mentioned the artist' s homo-

According to Shamrock. admit- own mind about the gay commu- sexuality. When his friend asked 
ting homosexuality to friends and nity and whatnot," Rizza said. re- how he knew Michelangelo was 
family i worthwhile because it flectingon his dawning awareness gay, Steve aid. "Well. I'm g;ty." 
often allows a gay man or lesbian of gay life. "I didn ' t think [ was The typical reaction? 
to shed the burden of leading two part of the gay community because "Huh? Oh. how long have you 
sets of lives. One of the conse- what [ knew of the gay community known?" is the way most friends 
quences of not coming out. she came from the media and what respond to Steve's news. 
said. is having to repress one ' s they show is either .. . men in drag Campus peer counselor Tony 
sexuality and a major part of one's or men in leather and I just would Valenzuela once came out to a 
personal identity. never consider myself part of that." group of 40 people in a UC Santa 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• &.~§ ~ 111E C1IlIJJEJE N c())1rJE § • • • • • 
• • 
• • 
• Located in the Old Student • 
• • 
• Center adjacent to • 
• • 
• Soft Reserves • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• Open Mon-Fri 10-4 • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• CURRENT CLASSES FOR SPRING 1990; • 
• • 
• BIOLOGY 1 CSE70 • 
• • 
• BIOLOGY 2 ECONIA • 
• • 
• BIOLOGY 3 ECON2C • 
• BIOLOGY 10 ECON100B • • • 
• BIOLOGY 13 ECON174 • 
• • 
• BIOLOGY 106 PHILOSOPHY 10 • 
• • 
• BIOLOGY 111 PHILOSOPHY 27 • 
• • 
• BIOLOGY 115 PHYSICSIC • 
• CHEMISTRY 6A-N PHYSICS2B • 
• • 
• CHEMISTRY 6B-C POll SCI 10 • 
• • 
• CHEMISTRY 6B-W POll SCI 12 • 
• • 
• CHEMISTRY 6C-F PSYCHOLOGY 105 • 
• CHEMISTRY 6C-T PSYCHOLOGY 129 • • • 
• CHEMISTRY 13 PSYCHOLOGY 139 • 
• • 
• CHEMISTRY 140B SOCIOLOGY 10 • 
• • 
• CHEMISTRY 140C • 
• • 
• • 
• Lecture Notes are $13.00 for the quarter. • • • 
• • 
• • 
• We also have and extensive list of archives from • 
• • 
• past quarters. Many are from courses which are • 
• • 
• being taught currently by the same professor. • 
• Old notes are only $9.00. . • • • 
• • 
• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Barbara dormi tory before he trans-
ferred to UCSD. Rumors of his 
homosexuality had.been circulat-
ing after a roommate distributed 
excerpts of his diary. Valenzuela 
had a hall meeting called because 
he wanted to set the record straight. 

"I remember being so nervous." 
he said. " I had never done anything 
before like this. 

"I said, ' I know there are ru-
mors going around that I'm gay 
and I want to tell everyone that T 
am.' I talked andIsaid ... I wanted 
to get everything out... I ju t 
wanted them to know that I'm gay, 
and that I didn 't care, and it was 
great. 

"It was such a rewarding expe-
rience because afterwards a lot of 
people asked me questions. I got a 
lot of support from the guys who 
I'd shied away from all year. Then, 
after the meeting. 1 got a lot of 
handshakes and hugs and that felt 
really good. Three guys came up 
and said . ' You know, now that we 
know, we thought it was a big 
secret of yours and it was reall y 
hard to get to know you because 
you didn ' t hang out here a lot and 
we'd really like you to stay.' That's 
something I remember more than 
anything. 

"After that," Valenzuela con-
tinued, "I knew [homosexuality] 
waseverybody ·sissue. There'sone 
in every hall. one in every family. 
There' s a lot of work to be done." 

And others can help, according 
to Valenzuela and those who feel 
that the path of social progress is 
paved by heightened awareness and 
an increased tolerance of diver-
sity. 

FEATURES 11 

Gay Awareness Week 
Today marks the beginning of Gay 

Awareness Week. The following is a 
list of some of this week's events. 

April 16 
Noon - Lecture on Gay History, 

Frank Nobiletti - Berkeley Room 
April 17 
Noon - Panels of Love: An Artis-

tic E~pression of Spirituality, Tim 
Grummon - Gal/ery B 

April 18 
Noon - A Comedian Looks at 

A.I.D.S. MichaeICollyer - PriceCen-
ler Plaza 

April 19 
Noon - Gay & Lesbian Legal 

Rights, Barbara Co~ - Berkeley Room 
April 20 
All Day - Gay Jeans Day (wear 

jeans in support of lesbian & gay men 
rights) - Campus-wide 

April 21 
9 - Dance: LAGO non-se~ist 

dance - CM Cafe 
For more information, call LAGO 

at 534-GAYS. Events are sponsored 
by LAGO, A.I.D.S. Task Force, Stu-
dent Health Services, Psychological 
& Counseling Services, and the 
Women's Resource Center. 

-



12 

FITNESSjRECRBATION 
Md'fi:ImIN. AJlRI l 16 

10 &.m.·ll a..m.~ 11 a.m.·12 p.m.-Summer is just ~round the 
comer! TImr 10 gCt (hal body in IIh:lP<'. and the best way to start ii to 
COOl(' for a FREE firnas cvaJuanon at FITSTOP! Mak.e an appoint 
men' bj' eoming In'o Studen' He,hh oc 011 53H8H. 
TUESDAY.AJlRllI7 

10 a..m.-ll a.m.-Do yourKlf a fiWor and ~ a FllEE firness 
~'aJuarion at fITSTOr! Come infO Student Hcl.lth for an appoint -
mene or all 534· 1824 )('s fun and i,', cuy! 
WEONESDA\·. APRIL 18 

12 p.m. ·2 p.m- You"c put if offlon& cnough! Spring infO Krion 
and nuk.c <In appointment for FITSTOr! h's fl'tt and good for you! 
Call 534-1824 or come into SlUdent Hc"lth rO<by! 

1 :30 p.m.-'8c:gJnningScooishcounrrywnCt dus suning now. No 
~rtncr or clpmcnC( nctttUry a~ fill up {ut so join now! Wear 
flexible- \hoa. Rdrcmnxnfs sen'cd. W &Ic .• Main Grm. 

THURSDAY. AJlRlL 19 

11 a.m. -3:30 p.m.-Chcclc our TRITON FEST u)(hy in Revelle 
Pin." . SlJ Hu MIR5trcls pby :al noon on (he SICpt! Support UCSD 
uhlaies t 

1 p.m.~2 p.m.-Get your blood pumpins at" FREE filness C"'aJu· 
ation todtr! FITSTOl' is JUR fur )"00' M~lte In appointment by 
eoming in IV Studenl HClhh (H" Q.II 53.· 1824. 

6 p.m.-lf.ARN MOTORCYCLING CHF.AJI! The Mororcydl",' 
Oub is swinS discounu on tC550n ;It the Ac.ldemy of Mota.:crclc 
Tnining MolOrcydes ~nd hcll'11CtJ prO\idcd for hcgjnncrs. tome 
sign up Jnd mccllhc Imlructor. Price unlcr Con( Room. 

FRIDAY. ArRll20 

All da)o........Gay JC1ns Day - wear your JC'ans for the beauty of dlversiry 
and in ~uppon of IPY & lesbian ci,;1 rights. 

11 Lm.·S p.m.- Eo1nh Day ft'Stivai (eaturing music, speakers, 
cnvtronmtntal OC"lPni7.:uions. food, cnfn. altemum: energy displays, 
artWOrk., ud mort _ In celebration of the: 20th anniversary of Earth 
D,y 1970. 

SATURDAY. AJlRlL 21 

9 p.m.- I a.m.- LAGO non-seli!1 d;ancr at fhe eM Cafe:. 

SATURDAY/ SUNDA\,. AI'RlL 21 & 22 

All cby- UCSD \Valcr SiJ team pracnts "Ski for the Border" 
colkgiJtc w)fer-ski louma.mcnt. Three a't'nH • slalom.. jump, rrick. 

W~tch rh(' best ('oIlcgi.lfe lkie" in the "'''CSt compete. Indudes BBQ. 
r.1ffie, put)' following Saturday's evcnts, show ski demos, and just 

pl~n fun in thc sun. flcna Isbnd, MI~on 1lJ) 

LECTURES 

MONDAY. AJlRlL 16 

Noon· 1 p.m.--G.y h;"OI'Y (1940·1980), by UCSD l!'.d ... ,e stu· 
dent, Fnnk Nobilc:rti. l'ricc Qmer. 8c:rk.c.lcy Room. 

" p.m.. -S:JO p.m.-LcWian htstory, .1 slide prc:sc:nlatlon by Dr. 
Bonnie Zimmctn'Wl, Pri« Qnter, Betide')' Room. 

TUESDAY. AJlRlL 17 

Noon· I p.m.- P.nel. of Love: An Arti"" Elpms;on ofSpirilUality 
by Tim Grummon. flic(' Cenra, Gallery B. 

7 p.m.-8 p.m.-Earth Day video pracn[a.tion/lccturt: "'A Glot».! 
Energy Grid: ~Uklng ,he World Work {o< I OO%ofHumanity.· Given 
by Peter Mwcn ofGIobaJ Enagy Network lncunational. Copitivc 
Sc:icncc Bldg. 002. 

WEDN~DAY. AJlRlL 

I p.m.·3 p.m.-P.n:nu .nd Fricndsoflabi .... nd G.)'I (PFLAG ), 
p#C"Ci and friends uJk about their experience: with a. py loved one. 

~ricc Center. SJnta Barbara Room. 

THURSDAY. AJlRlL 19 

Noon-I p.m.-Gay and Labian Icpl "shu by auociated profcuor 
B..a.rbaro1 Cox, CWSL. rric~ Center, Berkeley Room. 

2 p_m.-3:30 p.m.-Religion and SpinNaliry Panel: Dignity, Metro· 
poli[an Communiry Church, Yachad, Pugan: gay supportive. Price 
Cen,er. Bc:rkd<y R.oom. 

7 p.m. -9 p.m.-unh D~y Lcctun:o: OlEcoiogially Intcsr.ucd Plan-
ning: PUnning (Of Ecological SuJtain.lbiliry in the 21M Century." 
Given by Jim Bc:n of I'.ooIOSJcol Ufe S~e"" In,tilU,e. Cogn;tIve 
Science Bldg. 00 I 

FRIDAY, AJlRll20 

Noon· 1 p.m..-Homo-SpiriruaJity: Toward, N("W Gay Identity by 
Alben Bell. Price Cen,O' 1'1 .... 

SBRVlCES/WORKSHOPS 
MONDAY. AJlRlL 16 

8:30 Lrn.· IOa.m.-BII'OUJl.GROUP · Thuaroup;' {",,,udenll 
who have bttn diagnosc:d as having a 8ipobr ciliordtr and arc brinl 
tr(,\[cd for the Nmc. l"u~ addttAcd will be coptnl with the past, 
prClCm a.nd future, and livin, whh Of without mcd.iurion . Led by 
Dan Muno~ and LindAy Calderon. Call Dan al 53 .... 1519 for 
infornution and sia.n-up. 

I p.m.· 2:30 p ..... - ADULT CHILDREN OF ALCOHOLICS 
ADVANCEDTHEIVU'Y • Grooptherapy fOrKuden"who&rew up 
in ~ alcuhollc f.lmily cnvif'onmtnr who wish to work. on pcnonal 
woes in a wppomvc and intt:raai,·c cnvitonmt:nt . Lcd by JUMC 
MAncsc .nd CI)'I,al Shannon. Call Je.nne " 53+·3035 befocc 
comins ro the group. Restricted to adult children ofalcoholia: who 
have previously bce.n in individu" or group therapy. 

2 p.m.·3:30 p.m.- BEGINNING ASSERTIVENESS TRAIN· 
ING- A srructurcd six lC5Sion workshop where ~nidpanlS.arc uUght 
JpCofic wlls that arc dcsisned to irnprovt: their abiliry to communi-
calC with ochen. Sc:udeno will be abK to distinauish between 
agmsi\'C, asscrrivt:, and non ·asscn-i\'C bchavior,It:arJ1 to uy no, and 
dC'Vt:.k>p producti\'(: ways 10 communicare though" and ffflings. Led 
by Equma Luke. 53+·0249. C,1l Equill. fo< infomurion. 

a:OO·4:30 p.m. - RED III (R<crw<ring From E."lnl Dlwnters) 
GROUP. This &rOUP is (or Ifcdcn(s who arc beyond rt&ular patterns 
ofbinSlns, dK'tinl, or purling but who Wilnt to continue their sel(· 
deYt:lopmcnt through incteUrl!d.lC\'ClJofshanngl1nd IruR . Tht: IfUUP 
will le.lrn to experience kclina.s of lfCater intimacy and sc.lf'A(ttp--
"nee. IA'd ~ IIcvcrty H.rju ~;'h U. o.urkh. Call IIcvcrly" 534· 
6493 fh .. inf(lt"'rNrM>n 30nd {O si1Plup bcft)fC coming ro rhe JVOUp. 

4:00· 5:30 p.m. - ADVANCED ASSF.RTIVENF.5S TRAINING. 
All dght session poup (or lIudcnu: Vt.'ho tuve a &ood un<ktNandin& 

ofthc~1I of aucrt1,·(, -':Hfnnlun~lion hut h;lV'C not bc:cn ilblc to IV" 
ccssfullr prxrice.he skJlts ~c.1u5C In Ktf.dcfc.arins rhuusJ1n and Idf· 
ubocaiPng bth~\ion. Students "ill he 30Nc W c-:cp'0f't' lhe thou(Jhts 
and (cchl't., thai Inhibit thtlf ~"1K(, uf ulCni\'(nCII wmrnunKI ' 
lion LoJ by .. :quula Luke, 5U--014CJ . Call I-'..qullla for information. 

The UCSD Guardian 

TheWeekly Calendar 
4:00·5:30 p.m. - CHICANA, HISPANIC, LATINA SUPPORT 
GROUT'_ Tapia will include-; academic motivnion. nrw,rm.n.llc ' 
menl, r.:l.uionship enhancement, and {he changing role of Hlspanic 
""omen in aackmic. Lcd by Linduy Calderon. Call unds.ay at 534-
3755 for information Jnd sign-up. 

5:00·6:30 p.m. - BIRACiAl ISSUES WORXSHOP. Thu eigh' 
1CSSi0n Yt'Omhop is (or srucknn of racially mixed backgrounds who 
would like 10 lC.lrn effective wa)" of dealing -.v;(h socift:aI ~rtl (0 
conform to one:: ract onl~ . Issues of identity f.1mily and pcc.r relation· 
ships will be addressed. Srudenu will partidpart: in drawing exercises 
and diKWSions in this; *up;:-onivc environment. Lcd by C~taJ 
Slwlnon. 534·0245. 

TUESDAY. APRIL 17 

2:00 3:30 p.m. - ADULTS MOLESTED AS CHILDREN. A 
group flK women who lurv1vt:d moIcsradon in childhood. or adoJes· 
cence by strangers, 3ocquaintances. and/or (.amily mcmbas. Lcd by 
y,'t'tlC Mmni, 534·171S,and Diant: Rarneft,S34-3035. Call Y'venc 
or Di.lne for, prc.hmilW)' appointment before comins to the poop_ 

2:3Q.4:oo p.m. - ASIAN/I'AdFIC ISu.NDER STUDENTS' 
sur PORT GROur. This drop-in groop;' designed '0 addras 'he 
conc:crns of .hc Asian/ Pacific Idandu srud(':nts at UCSD in a 
problcm·sol\ing and supportivc armotphcrc:. Issues such as academic 
and career concerns, family sysrems in culrural rransirioo,sdfidcntiry, 
and. li\ing in rwo cultures a.s studenrs arc pouible discuSlion topia. 
Led by Jt:lnnc Mancsc . Call Jt:annc at 514 .. 3035 for information. 

3:30·5:00 p.m. - ENHANCING SELF· ESTEEM WORXSHOP. 
Thil ¥t'Orbhop has b«n dcsign~ to hcJp individuals generare and 
nuinuin.l mort: tublc and harmonious scn5C of sclf-ac-ec:m in their 
!i\·cs. If you fcd thar nothing accomplished is ~r800d enOulb,lhat 
ronl validation .and appl'OYaJ &om othm a~ cs.senrial (or your cDl-
t('nec, and when )'our nCC'dJ and wants for sunival get losl in the 
jungle ofshoulds, (hen this workshop is for you. t..ro by Reina Juarez. 
.Ind Cryst.aJ Shannon. CaJI Reina .. t 534-.U75 before coming fO rhe 
groop. 

3:30·5:00 p.rn. - COPING SKILLS GROUP. The JOaI ohlUs 
group iJ to undCfSl.lnd some oCt he ways in ~'hich emorions, biologi · 
cal moods, cognitivc nUNda and stntcgia. as weU as behaYion.l 
poIttctnS i"r(rlO to eilhcrcrc:atc, or to soIye probiCIllI. This will be an 
amv," group using imagery and rehcarsal tc:d\niques in group and l 
self.help book .nd homcwock be,,..,,,. sessio ... Lcd by Bevcrty 
HarjuJnd YvcncMitrani. Call k\'Crlyar 534-6493 orYvC{tc at 534-
1125 for mort inforrna.Don and a prcliminary inrtl'Yic ... bc(ore 
coming to the group. 

4:00·5:30 p ..... -SOCIALSKILLSWORXSHOP. Thuaroup wiU 
ileus on dcvclopins sijlb {oe mc:cting with 0100 pcopIe, convusa' 
nons., assertiveness, and ge:ncral comfon in poups. Ud by Undsay 
Calderon and Event: l..udnu.n. Call Lindsay at 534-3755, or Evetre 
" 53+3585 for ;nformation. 

S:OO-<S:30p.m. - AFItlCAN·AMERlCANWOMEN·SSUPPORT 
GROUr. An Informal aroup whkh mccu wcdIy '0 disow 'opia of 
interest to Moan·American women. F.mpbms is on slwina and 
social elpcricna: at UCSO. Lcd by EqulUa Luke. 53+0249 and 
Cry.tal Slwlnon. 534· 0254 . Call Equilb oc CrysuI foc Informadon. 

WEDNESDAY. AI'RlL 18 

2:30"':OOp.m. -GENEIlAL THERAPY GROUP FOR UNDER· 
GRADUATES. A Wttkly JVOUP f", undc:r&ndua,e srudc:nlS who 
would lite couruc:1ingin a poup format on how rocopc: with ItJ"CM)Q 
or concerns in the arcu of'scif-cstttm. rdationsbipa, acackmia and 
social ~1U.tioOJ. Led by Uysul Shannon .nd David 1IIasbucd. Call 
534-3987 fOf information and lisn·UP. A brief, preliminary appoint· 
mrm is necessary before coming to the IfOUP. 

3:00·":30 p.rn. - UNDERGv.DUATE WOMEN'S GROUr. 
This &rOUP will focus on concc:nu common amona undcraradWice 
'tII'Ol'nr.n, including ~lariONhip iuuCl, family oforisin, work and self· 
CSlttm, ",as .nd devclopinS facr.ily ldendty. Lcd by Miriam 10-
JUpovici and Yvette Mitrani. CaU Miriam at 534-0255 or Yvette at 
534-1725 fora prcliminaryappointment bdorc coming rothc group. 

3:00'4:30 p.rn. - ADULT CHILDREN OF AlCOHOLICS 
ADVANCED THERAPY GROUP. Group ,bcnpy fOrsru<icnIJwho 
grew up in an alcoholic CmiIy environment who wish to work on 
penon" iuueJ in a supportive and inttractive e.nvitonmcnc , Led by 
Jcanne M>ncsc and Dl.ane Buncn. Call Jean .. at 534 ·3035 befocc 
co"';ng '0 'he aroup. Ratricted '0 .dul, chiklrm of alcoholla who 
have pn:viqwIy been In Individual oe aroup 'herapy. 

4:00·5:30 p .rn. - GENEIlAL THERAPY GROUP. A groop foe 
undc:cvadua" srudc:nIJ who "'I>I1ld Iikc '0 explore ,hclrthouah" and 
fccJings in a poup scron&- Conee"" common ro srudcnu whidI wiD 
be ClIpIor<d;n this arwp include dc:v<lopina adul, n:Iatioruhip< wi,h 
pan:nn, exploring .... rioruhlp< wi,h peen..nd (!ivlnS.nd n:ccivinS 
{ccdb.dc. 10 groop members. Lcd by Equilb Luke. 534·0249. Call 
Equal. foe • brief prdirmwy appoin,ment before: co"';ng IU ,be 
&roup. 

THURSDAY. APRIL 19 

2:00·3:30 p .... - OVERCOMING COMPULSIVE EATING 
GROUr. This arwplsfocwomc:n who habituallydict and bin". We 
will work on undcnrandlng d.c rectinp and nccdl which pcrpcnutc 
this habit and how to bcc:ome mort flexibk in Idf·undcntandinl and 
eoping wll •. ThI.1s a thc1'apy aroup foc pmonal shari ... of eon«rnJ. 
Lcd by Evctte Ludman, 53-4-3585. Call Evenc bcfOft: cominl to the: 
&roup. 

3 :30· 5:00 p.rn. -SURVIVORS. A aroup fo< men.nd wom<. who 
arc: ltnIy,Jjng with the death of.l tlsru6ant other in thcir liYtt. l.ed 
by Yvette Mlmnl. 534· 1725. and D.vld BI .. band. 534 3917. Call 
Yvette or David (or information and a preliminary appointment 
bd'orc comina to the a,roup, 

4:00·5:30 p .m. - ADULTS MOLESTED AS CHILDREN. A 
lP'oup for women who survivtd rnoltst.don in chiSdhood Of' .doIa· 
(cnce by "ranlen, acquainunccs and/or fWly memben. Lcd by 
Mlri.m 100upovici and Evene LudlNn. Con Mlri.1mat 534·0255 fOr 
informalion :and -wgn·up. 

FRIDAY. AJlRll20 

10:00· 11 :30 Lm. - RED I (kcov<rIni From Eatln, Dlsorden) 
GROUr. This I. psyeho·eduu';onal worbhop fOr ""den .. who 
w.lor {O bccOfTK' more aWlfc ufthdr c~in. habtfl and how they may 
be trilJlCfCd lnd rminuincd. H.bit·b«.d.in, t«hniq~ bui&dinl 
Jcff·C$lccm, assertion ulinia&. and ocher copina maftods will be 
"ugh, .nd pnakcd. Lcd by p«r <ounsclOCJ Kan:. 1I ... ,ri .nd Erin 
NdJOn. For 'nfUrmarion abou, the arouP .... Bc:vcrty Harju a. 534· 
22a7. 

1:00·2:30 p.m. - ADUlTCHILDRF.N OF AlCOHOLICS rSY· 
CHOEDUCA TION GROUP. This 1 .. "rucrurcdeducatlon.lgroop 
(or students who ~'ant to leun how beina an aduh child of an 
alcoholic: has pattemed their lives. Wc wiD export famity dynamio 
and rolC1, ACA chancteriitics, intimacy and relationships, co·dc-
pcndt:ncy .nd how your adultliva arc aKected. Lcd by Diane INrncn 
and ¥venc Mitrani. Call Diane I[ 534-3035 or Y~nc at 534· 1725 
before: coming to the group. 

2:00·3:30 p.m. - ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE 
GROUr. lfyou havc:cveruked"Oo 1 hJVC a probIcrru-, ch.lnccs arc 
you do havea fcwlhingstotalkabout , Lcd by Dan MunOland Cryst.al 
Shannon. Call Om at 534-1579 for information . 

4 :00-6:OOp ..... - CAMrUs BU.CK FORUM. An Informal discus· 
sion/support IJ'OUp which fOC'\l.JC$ on iuueJ. conccrnJ and experi-
ences that effect the: quality oflne ofrht Afrian-Amerk.n commu-
nity at UCSD. A problcm·soIvin.and lkiU · buildinla~eh is ulC'd 
10 u.A.5t studen" in copnl wirh academic, 1Oda1, ITlarion,hip, and 
family mat"". Lcd by Phil Rap/la<l and CrysuI Sh.nnon . Fo< 
addirionallnfOtmotion.oII Phil oc Crystal " 534-3755. 

ACADBMIC SBRVlCES 
MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY 

1:00-4:30 p.m. - Whethcryou want someone [0 edit your papc:ror 
hdp you brainnorm, Schol.ltl' Writing Workshop can be ofSCtViee. 
Mcr finilhing your paper, ~e usc 0( computers is av.libble (Word 
rcrfcQ , Wonhtar). Computer iIIircra(a arc welcome, miSUIOCC is 
p<ovIded . USB 4070. To mal"n 'ppo;n,mc:n, call 534·73+t. free:. 

8:00-4:30 p.m. - SIGl I'LUS. SyKt:ms oflnreracrive Guidance and 
InforrmtioR is .I computcr·buc:d program of carc:cr infomution 
dcsisncd to hdp you darity your *ilk values and occupafionaJ 
IntCfCS(S. rOC' Il'1OI"( information, corne to Career Services CentCf. 

8:OO~4:30 p.m. - The L.angu~le Prognm provides miKana: ro 
students whose nati~ lanpsc is not En"" and (0 those doinS 
'N'IXk. in Irali.n, Spanish, Fn:nch, ,apanc:sc, Gcmun, Hebrew and 
ocher la.ngua;BCI . A diagnomc [CIt on IMinen English U 15«Ond 
111nguagt: iJ av.1.ilabk: on request. Call 534·2284 for more information. 
(Also Tucsdoy and Thunday Evcolnp . :30·8:00 p.m.) 

8:o()'.:30 p.m. - OASIS Wridng Center offen ott I<tvi<. fOr >II 
UCSOK\ldcnu who need pre-writin, help, confucnccs on drafrs and. 
(dinns advise:. We cngaSt any kind ofwritinl and any kindof..nring 
problem. Confttc:nccs I~ by appointment only. Evening appoint" 
mc.nu are also .Ivail .. blc. (For filD ranac of scrviccs.. seethe back o(the 
cum:n'd .... <hedule). Call 53 .. 22114occomc by Snodcn, Ctr. BId" 
A .• Rrn 21 .. to make an appointment. ThiJ service is available 
,hroughour ,he quartCe'o Sponsoo:d by ,be OASIS Wri,lng Cen,er. 

8:oo"':30·p.m. - OASIS R.cadlnl.nd Sncdy Skills Center offi:11 
onc·to-one Personal Assisra.ncc for Learnin, (PAL) conferences (0 
improve you skills on the. foUowinB topia: time: m.a~mcnt, 1JOoII-
ICttin .. project plannina and orpniu(ion for raearch,l«run: nore-
taking, textbook reading. prcpari.nl bcu". and [CI(·takinllirarc· 
siCs. PAL confcrt:nccs arc free and available. by appoinrmc:nt. For 
more informarion. 011 534·73+t 0< KOP by USB 4010. 

8:O().4:30 p ..... - TOO LITTLE TIME TOO MUCH STUDY· 
INGTO OO! Muimiuyourstudy rime without havinsyour RUdics 
,ake eontrol of your life. The OASIS II<adInl and Study Skills 
Program offers one-la-one persona) assishncc to improYC your Kills 
in umc:Ma ........ n' . Stop by USB 4010 or 011 534·7344 'OICf' up 
and appointment. 

MONDAY. APRIL 16 

11:30 LIII. - THE MAltKETABLE RESUME. lcam how ro 
eonstruct aStlte-ot"·rhe-an resume that wiU make you standout &om 
,be aowd. Career Scrvi<cs Cenrcr. 

1:30-":00 p.rn. - DROr· IN ADVISING HOURS. For belp 
finding desirable pMt ·timc. cmployment, dttermininl ulttr 10m, 
..""lUn, roc jobs oc ""plorins pro(csoIonal or ...- school 
oppmtunitics_ No appointmenr ncccaary, just walk.·in . Carur $crv-
iccs Center. 

2:00 p.0l. -ON·CAMPUS INTERVIEWING ORIENTATION. 
((you .art interested in panidpatin& in the ~ Services CentCf'S 
on·ampus lntcrvicwin, propam (his quarter, i( is nwwtarory that 
you attend one of tbale: orientations befOre you inrcrvicw. Career 
Services Centcr. 

3:00 p.m. - INTERVIEWING SKiLLSWORXSHOr. Do you 
ncal hcJp in ~puinl for job in(ervic.ws~ Ca.rec:r ScMccs Cauer";l1 
provide: rip< on 'he best ways '0 p<CJC0I your qualifications.nd wha, 
kind of intcrvitw questions to expect . Carur Services Cenra'_ 

TUESDAY, APRIL 17 

ll:OOLm.-ON·CAMPUSINTERVlEWINGORIENTATION. 
If you arc intcrac:c.d in participarin. in the Career Scrviccs on·campt 
inlavicwinaprosnm this quan~, ifis nundau)ty dw: you .nend OM 
ofthac oric.nrarioru before you interview. 

1:00 p .... - EFFECTIVE JOB SEAIlCH STRATEGIES. 10 
paa:n,ofall jobvlUndcsm unadv<ttllcd . Thi. -...or will teach 
you the mOlt dfeClive way to find them. Can:c:r Scrvi<es Center. 

1:30-4:00 p.m. - DlOr· IN ADVISING HOURS. Fo< help wI,h 
t>t«r •• job hun ..... mumc _!loft oe CApIorin. profa. 
sionaJ or paduue school oppomaniries. No appoinnne.nr nc.ccswy, 
just walk·ln. Career 5cMces Center. 
3:00 p ..... - OEIoITAl SCHOOL: WHAT APPUCANTS FOR 
1991 ADMISSION NEED TO KNOW. AdmIsoion. po<xcdun: •• 
applicarion Jttateaia, and scl«rion o( JChoob will be: diKustcd. 
Career Services Center. 

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18 

1:30·.:00 p.m. - DlOJ'.IN ADVISING HOURS. For help wI,h 
arccr p>m, job huntinJ. raumr ~pararion or ellpiotfns ptofcs-
sienaJ or aradUl-(e lChooJ opporruruties. No appoinrmcnt n«essary, 
jUit walk in. 
THURSDAY, APRIL 19 

1:3Q.4:OO p.m. - DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS. For help 
finding dcsinb&c: pan·rime cmpioymrnc, dermnininl Clrt.er loals, 
job hunnn" raun"IC preparation, de. Noappointmc.:nt nc:ccsury, just 
walk·in. Catur ServiCes Center. 

3:00 p.m. - MEDICAl SCHOOL: WHAT APPLICAIoITS FOR 
1991 ADMISSION NEED TO KNOW. Admlsoions poIlclcs •• ppll· 
alion Kl'alqics, and selection of Khooh wiU be diJcu.ucd. Qvccr 
Services Ct.nctt 

FRIDAY. AJlRlL 20 

10:30a.m.- ON·CAMPUS I IoITEkVl EWING ORiEIoITATION. 
If you ilrC inrc:rnrcd in the: CaR:Cf Servka Center's onaaOlpUs inter' 
viewina ptop.lm d. qUlncr, lr Is I1\lndarory thaI you aDend one of 
lhcac orientations bcfocc you interview. Carter Sc:rviCCI Center 

11:30 a.m. - Il'>TJ'ERVlF.WING SKILLS WOJUtSHOP. Do you 
need help In "",parinl iorjob in.ervi.,.,/ Can:cr Scrvi<es Center will 
provMk rips on the best WJ)'S 10 pracnI your qualifiadons and whar 
kind ofln,crvicw quatIono '0 upea . c..... 5<rvi<a Cen'et. 

Monday, April 16, 1990 

1:30 p.m. -THE MAIlKETABlB RESUMEWORXSHOP. Le.rn 
how to con.ltruct a nau:·of·lhe ·an resume that will ma.k.c you Jtand 
out from rhe crowd. Carttr Services Center. 

1:30·4:00 p.m. - DROr·IN ADVISING HOURS. For help wI,h 
career 10m, job huming, ~umc preparatiOn, etc. No appointment 
nccc:ssary. just "..,III: · in . Cafttr Services: Cenrer 
SATURDAY. AJlRlL 21 

9:00·3:00 p.m. - IDENTIFYING YOUR CAREER. An .11 day 
wocbhop 10 identify viable. Cut'Cf' options Ihroup eJttcnsivc self-
aJJCSImen,. SIB" up by Thursday, April 19. c,ree:r Services Cen,CI'. 

ENTERTAINMENT 

MONDAY. AJlRlL 16 

7:00 p.m. - Earth Day aninuted films : IOThc Loru'" by Dr. $cuss 
and the Academy Award winning ""'t: Man Who PbntM Tf't'CS,." 
Price Ccntt:r Theater. Fr«_ 

1:00-9 :30 p.rn. - Gay reb.ted video; War Window. Women's 
~urce Center, Frtt. 

TUESDAY. AJlRlL 17 

S:()()"ll:OO p.m. - Gay rcbted videos; "MJ.rch on Wuhington", 
"BcfurcS[unc: Wall", "Silem Pioncc"", "Phil Donahucwhh umbda 
Dc:lra l...a.rnb<b". Women', Rctourcc Center. FrC(. 

WEON~DAY. AJlRlI. 18 

11:00- 1:00 p.m. - A comedian looks at AIDS, Michael Col lyer. 
rricc: Ccnler Mau. Fret. 

4:o()'S:30 p.m. - LAGO social .nd pI.y ",.dlng by Guillermo 
Rtya . Nonh Conference R.oom, Old Student Center. free. 

7:00 p.rn. - Earth Day films: "Peacock'. War," about a ViCln.lm 
vu's fipr CO save the grizzly .lnd tht: wilderness it inh.lbits • .1nd 
"Blowpipes and Bulldozen," abour an andenr ~in forcst people 
bcingloggcd OUt ofexinen,c . Third l..c\.,ure H~II, 107. Free. 

8:3C)..IO:OO p_m. - Movie: · "U~na<ot Galbraith Hall Theater. Free. 

THURSDAY,AJlRlL 19 

7:00 p.m. - Bonfire in cdc.bnrion of 1...nbian 30M Gay Awareneu 
Week. BrinS Soodics and suitt,.,! La. Jolla ShOl"CS. Free. 

FRIDAY. AJlRll20 

11:00-5:00 p.m. - Lc:sbian and Gay Organil..1tion booth at F.mh 
Day Festival . 

RELIGIOUS FUNCTIONS 

TUESDAY. AJlRlll7 

12:0().. 1:00 p.m. - Bible Srud~ . W~:rt. Christi,ns swdyins God's 
word. Wc arc in thc Book.of'John. h'utvtatlimc, c\'cT)'oncinvitcd! 
Pricc Center, RIft S. 

TUESDAY THROUGH SATURDAY 

5:00 p ..... - CATHOLIC MASS. SponJO<Cd by ,he C"hoIIc 
Student Communiry ar UCSD. Univeniry Lurhel'2ln Church, corner 
oCN. Torr<y Pine> and La Jol .. Shom Drive . 

WEDN~DAY. APRIL 18 

10:00·4:00 p.m. - The Isrxl Acriviria Committ« has an I nforma · 
non Tabk set up in rricc Center 1'laz..I. ConK: and talk with Jcwilh 
stucknts about Jewish lifc on campul and opponunitics for viJitinl 
I_I. 

6:00 p ..... - StudentS {cast on home coolcIng "",pa~d by ,he 
'ownspeople of Uruvenity Lutheran Church. EvCl)'onc Welcome:. 
UnIva1Ity I.u,hcn.n Church (acroa,he Sh'Wfrom I\tvclk CoIlcac:). 
7:00 p.m. - Bible Study sponsored by Lu,hcnn c,mpu. MlniaTy. 
Open to all . Univt:.niry Luthc:nn Church. (acf'OQ the strut from 
R.cvcIle CoIIca<). 
9::30 p_m. -CANDLEUGHT MASS. A quiet , meditativc time ro.. 
sharlnl wi,h ",hen. Sponsoml by ,he C"hoIl< Studen, Community 
at UCSD. Untveniry Lurivnn Church, corner of N. Torrey Pines 
.nd La Jolla Shoru Drive. 

THURSDAY, APRIL 19 

10:-1:00 p .m. - Jewish Campus ~n(c:n (nformation Ta~e in 
R.cvdlc 1'tJ ... Come ,nd mc:cr a.bbI Doug SI",nkk, DI~<lO< of,he 
Jewish Campus Cc.nrcn at UCSD, This il a way to 8et infOrmation 
abou, Jewish IIfc on """"". 
5 :45 p.m . - THE THURSDAY DINNER. Hnmemade {ood.nd 
IfUt company. SponJO<td by 'he C"hoo< Student Community at 
UCSO. 

6:o()'7:OO p.m. - C.S . LEWIS WAS A GREAT C HRISTIAN 
THINKER OF OUR OWN TIMES. Dlsc:over who he was in • 
diKUllion IVOUP on Mqc CMvjani'! wOnen during {he sm:ssfU1 
,ima ofWWlI. Disasssion aroup mcrn Wttkly from 6 10 7 p.m. In 
BIds . • 502 MMC. Sponsored by UnlI<d c,mpu. MlIIIJIIY. 
7:00 p.m. - INTERFAITH PASSOVER SEDER. Thu annual 
.seder as a chance (0 c:omr mstthtr and explain our PUIOVer obJcr· 
vance to tM whok Univcniry community. Com;: and join your 
Jewish .nd non·Jewi.h ncl",bors in sharing ,he joy of ,be rUlOY« 
IQIOII. InlCfNtiorw. Ce.rna'. 

7:30 p ..... - B;bIe Study • EpiIcopal coIkac: xrudc:nlS. Wcdc.Iy Bible 
Sncdy.nd mon,hlycvcnt . l nfo. Fr. B;U Mabcdy. 565·6661. 

FRIDAY. APRIL 20 

7:00 p.m. -SHABBAT SERVICE and D;nncr wi,h One,. Studenll 
orpnbec warm and ioomMe ShabNI cckbration,. Ic""'. Campus 
Ccnras Info: 5&&-6010. Locarion: San DiCBO Snr,c Unlv., 5741 
Montezuml Road. 

SATURDAY. AJlRlL 21 

1:00 p .... - LehrhaUJ dass wi,h Rabbi 000. SlotnICk. O;rcaor of 
the JcwUh Campus Centers al UCSD. All an;: welcome [0 tNI reat 
<Ius .bou, ,he wa:kIy Bible porrion srudicd by 'he Jewish <ocnmu· 
nisy. 

SUNDAY, APRIL II 

,:00 on<! 10:00 Lm. - Episcopal Church WonhlpServlcc: Sunday 
EuchariJ( and P.rish fdlo ... hip. Good 5o .... ri .. n Episcopal Chutdl, 
4321 Easrple Mall. 

1:30 a. ... - CATHOLIC MASS. Sponsored by 'he C"hoIlc 
Scudent Community al VCSD. University Lulht:ran Church, corner 
ofN. Torr<y Pines and .... Jolla Shores Drive. 

10:00 Lm.-Commuruon Scrvicc, Wewdcomcv;siron. Univcniry 
Lu,bcnn Church. (moos 'he J(n:CI from l\.a·dk CoIlc:ac:). 
5:00 p .m. - CATHOLIC MASS. Sponson:d by 'he C"hoIIc 
Scudcnt Communiry 30,1 UCSO. Univt:rsiry I.AJtht'~n ChUl'('h, ~ONK'r 
ofN. Torrey r;nes .nd La Jolla Shor<J Drive . 

9:00 p.m. - CATHOLIC MASS. SponJOrcd Iw 'he a"hoIlr eo..... 
muniry al UCSD. . 

Graphics by 
Leigh Anne McConnanghey 

Monday, April '16, 1990 

DONORS 
Continued from page 10 
sician who was a hero to her in 
many ways. Contributing to a 
hospital is a tribute to her dad. So 
a ide from the usual reasons of 
philanthropy, she had a very per-
sonal reason for this gift," Bever 
explained. 

UCSD benefactor Darlene 
Shiley explained why she and her 
husband Donald (an engineer and 
inventor who developed the origi-
nal tilting heart valve disc) do-
nated $1 million in 1987 for the 
soon-to-open Shiley Eye Center: 
"The people have not only the abil-
ity but the drive to make such a tre-
mendous difference. They deserve 
attention and suppon." 

Otherprominent philanthropists 
include Mandell Weiss (Fed-Mart 
co-founder) who donated $1.2 

million to UCSD in 1981. 
In that same year, Larry Law· 

renee (owner of the Hotel del 
Coronado) gave $1 million. Sol 
Price (founder of the Price Club) 
contributed $2 million in 1987, 
and Alex G. Spanos (Chargers 
owner) donated $1 million to the 
university in 1988. 

Last year, William and Edith 
Perlman (fonner owners of New 
York specialty shops) gave $1 mil· 
lion, and Lawrence (a commercial 
real estate agent) and Ewa Robin-
son gave $2 million. Their dona· 
tions have gone to various health 
care, recreational, religious, and 
general student facilities. 

"Typicall y, people think of phi· 
lanthropists as being very wealthy. 
This isn't always the case. Philan· 
thropy deals with a real cross sec-
tion of people," Bever said. 

"Very poor people have donated 

Revelle College 
'r~V~L~ 
Ll'Ll3lillL '~ (~ 

The UCSD Guardian 

their money. In fact, there is a large 
number of people who give to 
UCSD who aren't wealthy,"Bever 
said. 

Bever pointed out a UCSD jani-
tor had an inheritance and some 
savings. A few years ago, when he 
retired, he made a sizeable anony-
mous gift to the university to be 
used for a scholarship fund. Bever 
said, "He wasn't by any means 
rich." 

Bever emphasized that, as in 
the case of the janitor, philanthro-
pists' intentions are usually not of 
sel f· memorialization orself.glori. 
fication. "Many of these people 
are embarrassed of or shy about 
their donations; they prefer not to 
have their names on the buildings. 
Often, it's the university that wants 
their nal11es up because it's impor-
tant for us to show that community 
leaders have made contributions to 

. ft 

UCSD." 
According to Bever, although 

donations result in tax deductions, 
this is not usually why people give. 

"It's rare that a tax deduction 
coming from a donation is as good 
a deal as making an investment." 

" But typically, people have an 
idea of what they are willing and 
able to give; we decide how much 
we need from them," explained 
Bever. A negotiation process then 
takes place. 

UCSD often makes the first 
move 10 receive a donation."Ifthe 
university is doing a big project in 
the arts and we know someone 
who is interested in an, we ask if 
[they] will support the project," 
Bever said. "But we don't just go 
to someone because they are rich." 

"State funding [which only pro-
vides for 25 percent of UCSD 
funding] could not completely 

FEATURES 13 

provide for the project. The Price 
Center wouldn't have turned out 
so well without Price's donation," 
he said. 

One facility at UCSDthat would 
not have existed at all without phi-
lanthropists is the Faculty Club, 
because neither the state nor the 
university system could provide 
funding for it. But Cecil Green, a 
businessman and scientist, donated 
money to UCSD. 

Last year, UCSD received $42 
million in private donations alone. 
This sum is about five percent of 
the university 's bt;dget.UCLA, 
however, received $100 million. 
and Stanford and Harvard around 
$200 million each. 

"People donate money both 
passionately and passi vely; either 
way they are still giving money 
that could have been used for 
something else," said Bever. 

New! 
The HP-48SX Scientific Expandable 
Calculator--HP's quantum leap into 
the 21st century. 

The HP-48SX can interface 
with any pc, o 

"Future of Revelle" r~ .. HEWLETT a!aI PACKARD 

....; Parking 

....; Housing 

....; Construction 

....; American Cultures· Requirement 

....; Revelle 25th Anniversary 

Wed., April 18, 1990 
7 p.m. - Why Not Here? 

HP-48SX 
ONLY $267.75 

Check out our selection of peripherals 

HP Infrared Printer RAM Cards 

~~ " .. , HP Solv. ~ Equation Library 
Application Card 

M·.'.···.·.· .. ·.'.· ',. ' ." ..... ' , I " ; , .... • 
I II ..". I Electronics Deportment 534·4320 



14 PHOTO The UCSD Guardian 

cftdfC'? al('!~dtd,f b? ~a;1 JP~I(,fdl( 
~~a,o~;M b? clell6(aal( 

They've been dormant for m me time now. 
While my musdes have softened, their leather has grown 
stiff and unwieldy. I pull my boots out occasionally, and 
caress their worn soles, in an effort to ease my own. 

The travel bug is an inexplicable phenomena. It 
is an unceasing itch. For some it is torture, for others a 
source of inspiration. In my two years of wandering 
around the globe, it was both . 

A collect telephone call from Christchurch, New 
Zealand to Riverside, California. September, 1986. 

Hi Mom? Can you hear me? Yeah, I know 
you're looking forward to me coming home next week ... 
Yeah ... Well, I think I changed my mind. Mom, are you 
still there? I know you didn't expect this, but I figure as 
long as I'm this far away, I might as well go on travelling. 
Where? Well I guess I meant Australia and Asia. No, I 
won't be alone, I met this Swedish guy. Don't worry 
about school. I've made arrangements .. . 

A postcard sent from Franz Josef Glacier, New 
Zealand. September, 1986. 
Dear Warren Provost, 

I do not plan to attend classes this year. I regret 
that I am unable to sign the proper forms as I am writing 
this while on a glacier. I plan to return next fall after the 
spring thaw. 

A WeddingParty. Sukhothai, Thailand, March, 1987. 
I haven't a clue what's going on. All I know is 

that we're having a great time. I wave to him over at the 
groom's table. That bloody Swede doesn't belong there 
any more than this Yank at the bride's table. Music 
blares, drinks pour, and a feast begins. I fend off the 
grandmother's urgings to eat the fried grasshoppers. 
The bride's unde throws his arm around my shoulder. 
"You two are lucky. You have adventure. You have each 
other. Your lives are full." 

Somewhere over the Pacific. May, 1987. 
"Happy birthday to me ." A36-hour 21st birth-

day. A birthday begun in Bali and conduded in Califor-
nia. A year on the road and I'm returning to settle down. 
Alone. But first, down another beer and toast my Fresno-

bound seatmate. They told him Fresno's lovely. Dare I 
disillusion him 50 soon? But I suppose a place is what you 
make it. I'm sure things will return to normal now. 

A few hours later at LAX ... Is that them? I heave 
my pack on to my other shoulder. It is, oh they look so 
good. Over here! I wave wildly through the crowd. Hey 
it's me over here! But they look past me. Don' t they 
recognize me? And then Dad points my way. Why didn't 
they see me before? They shake their heads. I run towards 
them. Why do their faces drop? 

At the doctor's office. Riverside, California. May, 
1987. 

"I can't truly be sure what you picked up over 
there. We don't see this around here very often . But 
Hepatitis requires an extensive period of rest. 1 strongly 
suggest you follow my instructions ... " 

A telephone conversation between San Diego and 
Sweden. May 1988. 

"Hi, it 's me. Yeah, I know it's been a while. I'm 
just calling to see if your feet are itchy too ... Yeah ... Do 
you still feellike dim'bing to the top of the world? I don't 
know what's wrong with me, but I just have to move 
on ... Want to :ome ·along?" 

Namche Bazaar, The Himilaya, Nepal. September, 
1988. 

Three weeks and no bath. And this bucket of 
blissfully hot water is all mine! As the winds howl 
through the cracks in the attic walls, I savor my two 
gallons and ten minutes of privacy. Wait a minute, 
there's another woman in here. Another trekker bathing. 
How dare she stare at me like this . She looks like all the 
others, hard face , needs a bath more than me ... Wait a 
minute .. It's a mirror! 

The General Post Office, Bangkok, Thailand. De-
cember, 1988. 
Mail came today, including fam ily pictures from Dad. 
The baby can crawl and I haven't even seen him yet. I 

Monday, April 16, 1990 

settle in the shade of the imposing building, oblivious to 
the cacophony emanating from the busy boulevard. The 
snapshots are straight out of Norm an Rockwell. It looks 
so much like ... home. 1 raise my eyes to find that my 
shade has been invaded by a host of melancholy general 
delivery faces. U.S.A., Japan, Switzerland, Germany. 
Our postmarks are different, but the travel-torn loneli-
ness is something we all temporarily share. 

At the doctor's office. Riverside, California. January, 
1989. 

"Well, you've given your body a beating this 
time ... Back, knees, ankle. You'll be in physical therapy 
for quite some time . It'll take six months to a year to 
recover. Where were you, anyway?" 

At the doctor's office. Riverside, California. March, 
1990. 

"That was quite a crash you took. You'll simply 
have to allow time to recover. don't expect to go 
backpacking soon. You weren't planning any new trips 
were you? 

Excerpts from a telephone call between San Diego 
and Stockholm. April, 1990. 

"Hi ... it's me .... can you hear me-I I know, it's 
been a long time, I JUSt wanted to know if you were still 
there .... What? Speak up, the static is pretty loud. I'm 
finally going to graduate, can you believe it? No, I'm still 

in the U.S. But I'm ready to take offagain. Are you still 
there? Where? Well, Africa's still a possibility, r could 
teach. But South America ... Remember our plans for the 
Amazon? Oh no, I didn't think you'd be free . A girl-
friend, huh? And you're going for a real job? Well, good 
for you. Of course I have grad school plans. Someday. 
Nah, I think this is something I'm gonna do by myself. 
1 won' t be alone , I'll have my camera ... Well , I'm really 
glad for you. Maybe we'll run into each othe again 
someday .. " 

Monday, April 16, 1990 

TRACK 
Continued from page 20 
finish for a time of 47.2 seconds. 

Two-time Olympic medal win-
ner Cruz, who attends Point Lorna 
Nazarene but competes for Brazil, 
did not disappoint in his featured 
800 meter race, as he won with a 
time of 1:49.14. 

Pole vaulter Phillipe Collet, who 
is ranked fifth in the world, com-
peted at the Invitational with his 
teammates from France. Collet 
won with the height at 17' 8 3/4~'. 

He said that he and his team-
mates came to compete just "for 
fun," as they had recently worked 
out at UCSD's track. 

Local competitors, like the 
UCSD track and field team, came 
out to work on qualifying times 
and race against the wide array of 
track and field competition. 

Although UCSDdid not post an 
impressive numberofvictories, the 
Tritons benefitted from racing 
against quality opponents, perhaps 
them a better idea of what next 
month's nationals may be like. 

I , 
I 

~ 
/ 

I . ~ .;. 
" .. ;; 

SCOIt Sargeant set a UCSD 
school record in the hammer throw 
with a toss of 185 ' 9". 

Triton high jumper Susan 
Christy equaled the winning height 
of 5' 3" by Vanessa Lollar of Aus-
tralia, but because of more missed 
jumps in earlier rounds, Christy 
placed second_ 

Standout field athletes Shan-
non Quigley, last year's Division 
ill shotput and discus champion, 
and Rachel Beerman placed third 
and fifth in the shot, and 1-2 in the 
discus, respectively. 

Notably, the Tritons lost in the 
shot to fonner UCSD All-Ameri-
can volleyball player Elaine 
Bergman, who was competing 
unattached. 

In the track events, UCSD nar-
rowly missed national qualifying 
times. The women's 4 x 100 relay 
team raced toa50.12 time,justoff 
the 49.54 necessary for nationals. 

David Myers ran a 1:52.71 in 
the Cruz-featured 800, fast enough 
for fifth place, and only a tenth of 
a second off the national qualify-
ing time. 

The UCSD Guardian 

W.POLO 
Continued from page 18 

In the game, it quickly became 
apparent that the Aggies would 
have trouble scoring against the 
Triton defense, again. 

At the Santa Barbara tourna-
ment two weeks ago, UCSD shut 
down the Davis offense, 7- 1. 

The Tritons jumped out to a 
commanding 9-1 lead after three 
periods. 

In the fourth quarter, the Tri-
tons seemed to relax a bit. Mixing 
in reserves with their starters, they 
allowed UCD to make the game a 
little more respectable. 

The Aggies climbed back into it 
by scoring four straight goals, but 
still fell 10-5. 

Jamie Dailey, Tonya Ellis, and 
Kristen Larsen each scored three 
goals to lead the Tritons in the 
game. 

With theirplacings in the quali-
fication tournament. both UCSD 

eeded UCSB three times this year, 
the Tritons will be the clear front-
runner in the race for number one. 

"If anyone else is going to win 
the tournament , they are going to 
have to take it 

SPORTS 15 

Harper said. "Our main concern is 
that it is not always easy to defeat 
the same team three or four times 
in the same year. That is what we 
are going to have to do against 
UCSB and UCD." 

and UCD received automatic berths Brian Morris/Guardian 
in the National Tournament. Hav- Esme Gregson looks for a shooting lane, as UCSD shot past five 
ing beaten both UCD and third- opponents to capture the title of the W. Qualification Tourney. 

INTERNATIONAL 
HOUSE 
1990/91 

Pick UP Applications 

·r .... 1 ...... '. 
• .. t'l .... 
............... 

• tI/,. ... 
Due April 27 

~~ittt .1W/4 
/' UCSD SPECIAL ...... 

NEW CliENTS ONLY 
Replace aaytic nails ~ a 'New 

Product' caIed Lume Gel Bond Nails. 
S35 Reg. $045. Give your nUs that 

CLEAR NATURAL LOOK! 
• Acryics .............. ................ $16.95 
• Fills .................................... $10.95 
• Silk Wrap ............................ $25.00 
• Unen WIafl ........................ $25.oo 
• Fiberglass .......................... $25.00 
• PediClxe ............................ $10.95 

\.. Manicure ........................... $5.9~ 

1746 GAfWET AVE. PIIdIc 8NcIt 
(eon. 01 HIirIe$ & a.net) 

__ \g KenUlky Frild CIIcMI. 
Pro .. ' "'" II'4IIIIbIt. 

'168 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFfORDABLEI 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

( \ I I I " I II{" I 
584-6400 

Wonderful 
Weddings 
Happen At 

The 
Faculty 
Club! 

For more Information about catering and 
space availability please call 

Carol Giuliano, Catering Manager_ 

534-0876 
Ida and Cecil Green Faculty Club 

UCSD 
C-021 

La Jolla, CA 92093 

Requirements to PIf1IcIpIte are: 

SPEND 1991 
IN 

COSTA 
RICA!! 

Earn UC Credit ttvough the 
Education Abroad Program 

Application Deadline: 
MAY 4,1990 

• A 3.0 GPA • Junior standing by the end 01 Fall Quarter 
• Two years of university-level Spanish 
Your year abroad willinctude: 

Regul&r pnoe $1 .88 WEST LAN D . A six·week intensive language program and orientation 
This coupon valid only at: ,'nsurance Brokers • Emphasis on Central American Studies (most majors available) 

, La Jolla Ben ~ Jerry's. 4180 Regents Park Row • Participation in community service projects 
I (near Anthony's) • 667-3660 I 3838 Camino Del Rio • A three-week field trip to another Central American country 
I One coupon per customer. ~O' '" North .315 Flnlnciaillid and scholarships Ivallable 
I Exp 30 1 990 ~ For Inlolllllllor~ stop by or phone tile Opportunities AIIroMl 0fIIct: 534-1123 L _______ ~~ A~ri:' _' __ ...:. _ _ _ _ _ ..... -.;;.. ....... ..;.;.::.;..:..;..........;.;;.;. ....... ;.;...;;:J ... _______________ .... 

... 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

CIaslIfItd IIdvertlalng Is sold In 15-
word I_nta. The I'8te per 15 
wordsls$1 for students, $3 for faculty 
and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
In advance Is required; therefore, 
ads must be mailed with a check 
(made payable to The UCSD 
Guardian) or presented In person. 
Please have exact change. Deadlines 
are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
paper and 3 p.m. Monday for 
Thursday's paper. The Gusrdlan 
reserves the right to refuse any 
advertising Including but not limited 
to companionship ads. For more 
InformaUon call 534-5416. The 
Guardian, UCSD, e-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
ONE MONTH IN POlAND - HUNGARY -
CZECHOSLOVAKIA - EAST GERMANY 
$1 .495, includes air. These rates available 
lor nonstudents also. nbor, 444-8234: Ann. 
459-0883. (412-4/30) 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides warmth, 
education. prayer, socializing. Connect with 
Union of Jewish Students! 502 Matthews: 
east of the Price Center. Call Rabbi Slotnick, 
534-2521 . (412-&7) 

Third College Semi-formal tickets now on 
sale in Third Dean's olfice and Office of 
Residential Life_ Don't miss -That Magic 
Moment. . . - April 28. Tickets just $10 eacn. 
but space is limited, so don1 delayl (419-
4126) 

Be the Revelle Student Graduation Speaker. 
Applications at Dean 's office. Deadline: April 
27 @ 4 p.m. (4/9-4/26) 

Get involved with Revelle Government. 
Applications at Dean's office. Deadline: April 
20th. (4/9-4/19) 

REVELLE STUDENTS: Get involved with 
your college. CommIttee appOintment 
applications are now available at the DearT's 
office. DeadUne is April 20 @ 4 p.m. Get 
involved, it's fun I (4/9-4/1 6) 

EARTH DAY WEEKEND. The largest human 
event to ever occur. 1 00 million people will 
join together worldwide to take action to 
SAVE OUR EARTH I Saturday, April 21 , 
Grape Day Park. Escondido. 10-3, and 
Sunday, April 22, Balboa Pari<, San Diego, 9-
5. (4/9-4119) 

SELF DEFENSE WORKSHOP for wornen 
who have survived molestation and/or rape. 
Wednesday, April 18, 6-9 p.m" Revelle 
Fomnal Lounge. Sponsored by Psychological 
& Counseling Services. (534-0255) and 
Student Safety Awareness Program (534-
5793). (4/12-4116) 

.. __ . __ .-. 

1100/0 DISCOUnTl 
1 To students on all 1 
1 automotive repairs 1 
1 JAPAnESE 1 
1 CilRMfimRS 1 
1 5828 Autoport Mall 1 
1 off Miramar Rd. 1 
1 Wemvtce 1 
1 Toyota Honda 1 
1 Datsun Mazdo 1 
1 Subaru Nissan 1 

; CaJ~u~~~~2 ; 
1 Visa and Mast.rcord occepled. 1 
.. __ . __ ._. 

SeIZIId CIrs, trucks, 4-wheelers, TV's, 
ster8Ol,lumiture, computers by DEA, 
FBI, IRS and U.S, customs. Available 
your area now. Call 1-805-682-7555, 
ext. C-l l99. 

Cruiseshipi Now Hiring for 
spring, Christmas and next sum-
mer breaks, Many Positions, Call 
,-805-682-7555, ext. S·'023, 

The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Scholarships/Grants for college area 
available. Millions go unclaimed yearly. Call 
1-800-334·3881. (4112·617) 

Discuss parking & construction and other 
Issues at Revelle's Town Mtg. Wed 7 
Commuter Lounge. (4/12-4/16) 
Writing helpl Professional. private, meet your 
deadline. your convenience, money back 
guarantee. Jim 481 -1810. (4112-617) 

Need practJcal experience for your career 
job - and don't know how to get it? Corne to 
the AS Internship office Info Night on 
Tuesday, April 24 ,6-7 p.m. room 3AB (Davis-
Riverside) Price Center (above theatre). Get 
an internship for summer or fall quaner and 
get an edge over other students I Call ASIO 
at 534-4689 for more info. (4116-4/23) 
ASAP Intemship available with Lambert Smith 
Hampton real estate consultants. Econ 
majors needed formar1<et researcn, surveys, 
cash flow analysis and presentations for real 
estate marketing. Call ASIO at 534-4689. 
(4/16) 

UCSD Waterski Team's first toumamentl 
April 21 and 22, all day, on Fiesta Island. 
(41'6) 
FREE FREE FREE computer use. 
WordPerlect. WordSIar. USB 4070, Monday 
-Friday 8-4 :30 p.m. For Information call 534-
7344. (4/16) 
A TIENTION WRITERS: Here's yourchance 
to entrance. Let your pen dance. The 
Scholars' Writing Workshop (SWW) joumal 
needs prose, and poetry. SubmIt by Friday. 
April 20 at USB 4010 or USB 4070. Call 534-
7344 for more Information. (4116) 
CAREER CONVERSATION will be held with 
Dr. Doris Howetl M.D. Do you have questions 
or concerns about a pending career In 
medicine? E verwonder which medical school 
to apply to, and how on earlh to get admined ? 
Then join us In an informal setting on Sunday. 
May 6th at6 p.m. to discuss these and other 
topic with someone who knows. Sponsored 
by Un"ed Campus Ministry UCSD. Free with 
RSVP - 534-2521. (4116-4119) 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL WritealeHer, 
save a Iffe. Meetings Tuesdays 5:30 GH 
1205. ~ maners. (4/16-4119) 

Graduating ChicanostHlspanicslLatinos, If 
you would like to panicipate in Chicano 
Graduation, meetings are Tuesdays at 4 
p.m. at the Mecha Office, Price Center, 534-
4994 f()r more info. (4116) 

-------

inler8S1ed in Amny ROTC? Come to an 
Informal rneeting 01 the Officer's Club to 
leam more about " . Wednesday, April 18th 
at 7:30 p.m. GH 1436. (4116) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-1 SOO hairs per 
hour.3251 Holiday Court. Studentdiscounts_ 
(619) 556-4644. (619) 226-1962. (412-513) 
PAPERS TYPEDI Quick & aI10rdablel $21 
typed double-spaced page. Call W Colony 
Resumes & Professional Typing Services, 
455-8357_ One-day service available 12 er 
Prlntingl Choice of 35 typestylesl (412- ; ) 

K you have RECENTLY tal 
any Infeclious (X Sexuat,t 
T rcmmiIed Diseases, you 
may quaify k> EARN CASH 

and ~ US ~ oth6rs, 
FOR FREE TESlN1 & MORE 

INFOfIIATION CALl 

TYPINGIlIl I'll type your term papers 4111:. 
Quickly and Inexpensively. Laser printer. 
Call Jennifer: 556-6090. (419-4/30) 

Polish your prose! Editing. proofreading, 
expert word processing_ Marilee's Editorial 
Services. 277-9229 aher 3 p.m. (4/9-4123) 

Typing/Word Processing : Academic 
manuscripts, papers , theses, leners, 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452-9439. 
(4/9-513) 

Rent-a-brain 24-hr. wlitlng IUtor; outstanding 
A-student UC grad save this number I Make 
deadlines Jim 481 -1810.(4/12-&'7) 

TYPING -theses, temn, Ph.Ds, Legal. All 
formats. RUSH JOBS. MARIE 931-9596 
(4112-617) 

Physics hard? Cannot relate ilto math? I can 
help you_ (grad student) 556-05047. (4112-
4/16) 

Surling - finally do it. fun, sale, 20 years 
experienced IHeguard, water safety instructor 
Jim 46' -1 81 0_ (4/12-&7) 

Computers - MacTemps, a temporary 
employment agency with offices nationwide, 
now open In S.D. Interviewing temps with 
Mac skills in word processing. graphics 
design, desktop publishing, etc. Call 299-
3500. (4116-04119) 

Hostels in Australia for $101n"e. Up and 
down the coast Fare Deals Travel Il00-878-
2929. (411 6-513) 

WANTED 
Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted tor a study on 
the effects of aicohol. If you are a UCSD 
student or non-academic staff. American 
bom male of entirely Japanese. Chinese, or 
Korean descent, caN Scripps Clinic and 
Research Foundation for more Information, 
554-2192_ (412-617) 

Need Infant Gare In my Del Mar home_ 
Experienced. Own Car. 1-3 days/week. 755-
6172. (3/5-4/1 6) 

Asthma Research. Mild to moderate 
asthmatics are needed to help evaluate new 
rnedicaIions, Eam up to $250 and receive a 
free physical and medications. Clinical Trials 
Center. Phone 294-3787. (3/5-4130) 
HELP WANTED_ $9.85 to start Nationat 
retail chain filling 15 openings. No experience 
required. Scholarships available. No door to 
door or phone sales. Call 565-15339-3 p_m. 
(3/12-4/30) 

Specialized staff needed for sumrner gifII 
camp in Maine. Areas of expertise In one of 
the following : Tennis, Swimming (WSI), 
Gymnastics, Landsports. Dates: 6119-8119. 
Room, board, linen, laundry. clothing and 
travel allowance. Top salary. Interviews 
during the week of April 16. Call collect for 
information ~5 EST ask for Marie. (617) 
934-6536. (4/2-4116) 

Research subjects: Healthy menstruating 
women ages 18-30withlong, Irregular cycles, 
Dally blood drawing. Sleeping with night light 
x 5 nights. $10.00/bI00d_ ($300.00 + total). 
Message : 552-8585 ext, 32f 9. Say 
'Menstrual Study: (4/9 - 4126) 
COORS LIGHT POSTER GIRL 
INTERVIEWfNG : ATTRACTIVE GIRLS, 
POSITIVE ATTITUDES I Coors DIll: 12 p.rn. 
-5 p.m. 4124190. 75045CarrotI Rd. S.D.92121. 
CaIn. Studio ProductIons (~ 0\ 676-4422-
(4/9-4123) 
Retail S 
Kids cl 

0; " tlm<>'. 
., R ' 

JKends. 
'1 <1\ 

!lJutdaJJlOttOb 
Mandarin It Szechwan Cuisine 

UCSD 
SPECIALS 

o ALL YOU CAN EAT ' 3 •• 
Lunch Buffet 
(Mon.-Sat.) 

o DINNER SPECIAL *100 
(any dinner Mon.-Thurs.) ... 

o MOTHER'S DAY-,pecili I notice 
We'll ~opnr SM~, MIIy 13 

for a .preiaf -fotiJ buffrt 

3310 Gov~m.or 4 57-3133 
(comu of Govtmor " R~8~n .. ) 

CAMP COUNSELORS wanted for an 
adventUroul .urnmet' day camp In West Los 
Angeles. Must be responsible. energetic, 
caring, and have experience working with 
children. (213) 472-7474. (4/9-4/19) 

LlFEGUARDSlSWIMMING INSTRUCTORS 
wanted for an outdoor pool at a summer day 
camp In West Los Angeles. Experlenced 
with current WSI. ALS & CRP cenHIcateI. 
(213) 472-7474. (4/9-4119) 

RECREATIONAL VOLLEYBALL REFEREE 
Needed to work Tuesday and Thursday 
nights, from 7:30 p.m. - 9:30 p.m .. May 22 
through July 5th. Apply at Shiley Sports & 
Health Center of Scripps CHnic, 10820 N. 
Torrey Pines Rd., La Jolla, 554-3488. EOEI 
MIF/H (419-4/1 9) 
Want to earn money and have fun too? Part 
time babytllter needed tor two delightful 
children in Del Mar highlands. Aexlbfe hours. 
792-2301. (4/12-4116) 

Earn $500-$1500 part time, stuffing 
envelopes In your home. For free Info. send 
a seII-tlddrwted, stamped envelope to: P. O. 
Box 81953 Albuquerque NM 87198. (4/12-
4126) 

Video Company seeking attractive. very 
lIIhIetic looking females w"h exceptional legs 
for exercise lind physique modeling. Local 
work, good pay. Description/phone to 
LadySport Productions, 2564 Navarra Dr. 
1213 Carlsbad 92008. (4112-4116) 

EARTH DAY VOLUNTEERS" Needed now. 
Last chance. Creative, soulful, and fun.CalI 
48,.,810 or 485-3241 . (4/12-4119) 

THE SDSU FOUNDATION has part time 
technical positions for contract work at the 
Navy R&D LaboIatories at Point Lorna Need 
Math, Computer Science, Engineering, 
Physics, Psychology and Chemistry majors. 
Must have attained at least Junior standing. 
be a full-time student & U_S. Citizen_ $7.73/ 
hr. Apply at ParI-time Employment Program 
III the UCSD Career Services Center, or ph. 
SDSUF 594~53. (4112-4116) 

Vacationing family preters fennale to live in 
La Jolla home to care for two girls, ages 9 & 
13. during the month of August. Must be non-
smoker, english speaking, and 19 or oIder_ 
Call Julie 00I1ect at 214-922-0242 to apply. 
(4I12-41t 6) 
INTERNSHIP AVAILABLE - assist Financial 
and Investment Planner at Private Ledger. 
Interesting and diverse assignments. 458-
0156_ (4118) 

ATTENTION - HIRINGI Government jobs • 
your area. $17.840 - $69,465. Call 1-602-
838-8885. Ext R-1 8113. (4116-4130) 

Major Del Mar firm Is seeking a professional 
person for customer servic:eltelemaeting. 
No weekends or evenings. flexible part time 
hours. Good hourly wage plus commissions. 
Call 679-1490 for immediate consideration. 
(4/16) 
ACTORS: Want to be in student films, get 
acting experience behind the camera? Join 
the Hardcore Student film club', acting 
communl1y. Call Maureen 222-0959. (4/16-
4/19) 

Spring into the UCSD Annu.l Fund on 
campus, flexible evening hours_ $7thr. Call 
587-1585. (4/16-4126) 

ATIENTION: EARN MONEY TYPING AT 
HOMEI $32,OOQIyr. lnoornepolentlal. DeIaIIe 
(1)602-838-8885 Ext T-18113. (4116-4/30) 

Come check out TRITON fEST. Thursday 
from II a.m.- 3:30 p.m_ in Rev~11e Plaza! 

Make every day 
Earth Day 

Summer Campaigns 
for the Environment 

Earn $2500-$3500. Help pass the 

Clean Air Act, tighten pesticide 

controls, and promote compre-

hensive recycling_ Available in 

18 states & D.C. 

cau Kate al: 1-800-7S-£ARTIL 

Monday, April 16, 1990 

FOR SALE 
ATIENTION - GOVERNMENT SEIZED 
VEHICLES from $100. Fords. Mercedes, 
Corvettes, Chevys_ Surplus Buyers Guide. 
1-602-838-asaS.Ext. A-1 8113. (419-4116) 

Desk, book hutch, printer table. Good quality, 
hardly used. $100 for all . Call Wendy 546-
9112. (4lt2-4126) 

Smith-Corona Typewliter 1989 only used 
tor 4 months plus 3 cartridges. $135.00 sse-
8181. (4/12-41t 6) 

HP-285 Advanced Scientific Calculator. 
Features Include 32K RAM, Graphics, 
Symbolic Algebra and Calcufus. New 
condition. Afso two application guides 
(Vectors & Matrices, mathematical 
apptications) leather case, $'40 for all. 457-
5512. (4/12-4/16) 
JlIletJackson concert tickets tor sate. $70.00 
o.b.o. Concert on April 23, 1990. Call Myra 
565-8311 (9:30 p_m. - 11 :30 p.m_) or Manuel 
47~738 (leave message). (4112-4119) 
Alpine 7905 Compact Disc Playerttuner. 
Fullyprogrammaille, pult-out.$275.ooCraig 
792-8479. (4112-4116) 
1984 Toyota Ceflca GT,. whitew~h blue int 
sunroof, AlC, power steering, and brakes, 
FWAM casso stereo, excellent condition, 
$5450 o_b.o., call 467-1075, Iv. messg. (41 
12-4123) 

Futon oaksofMledwith 6-futon. Ful $174.00 
queen $184.00 , covers $19.00 with 
preceeding. 4807 Mercury, Warehouse "F._ 
Open Thursdays through Sundays_ 
AppoIntments other times. 292-4673, 569-
7081. (4/16-4/23) 

Sur1boards: 5'10' and 6'3- thrusters. Uke 
new, no dings. Must sell. cheap_ John 546-
9304. (4lt6) 

Macintosh two-page display and video card 
-like new. $1550. BiN 755-7418. (4116-4119) 

For sale: car cover. cable, and lock for 
Chevy Camaro. $30_ Call Jason 558-0013. 
(4/16) 
'79 Fiesta , runs well, has had all 
maintenance, 97,000 miles. $85Oo.b.o. 299-
4951. (41t~19) 

'85 Honda Elite: runs great, iust tuned_ Has 
perking sticker. $550 o_b.o. Call Paul 792-
0235. (4116-4119) 

Smith Corona electrIc typewriter. 40 
characterdisplay. t6,ooocharactermemory, 
Computer inlllrtaces. $280. Cathie 558-
2082. (4/16) 

Surfboard: 6'4-Local Motion thruster, squash 
tail. In good condition. $t30. Ask for Jessie. 
422-2602. (4116-4119) 

Guitar Sunburst Fender Strat amp. 65 watt 
fender sidekick $450 together o.b.o. 
separate. Mike 4504-5901 . (4/16-4130) 

VCR Toshiba - remote con1rol, on screen 
programming, like new. Paid $350 8811 for 
$250, Portable Radio Casselle Hitachi -
double CUMtte like new, Paid $125 seN for 
$90. 558-0547. (4116-4119) 

BIke - 24· Romeo, shimano Index shiftJng. 
MA40 wheels, Aero2 ball. odometer, Xtras, 
458-9119. John 5395. (4Il6-41fll) 
VW RabbIt. 'n Champagne cofor. New 
tlr., palot, interior, superb condition, very 
rellable, $1,950_ 944-9008. (4/16-4/26) 

r RoIb' h • ware ouse near Co oy nv -

f UTONS or FRAMES 
4-WAY LOUNGa " 0 • MOM 
Twil S92 Queen $119.60 
FIll $106.40 1Qng$177 

0AIl18I/ COVIll $19 
COUCH w/Futon 
1_lw/V_ or 
FIll $174 ~pwcn-
IMIn $184 

aou ..... 
:lit Thurs. 12-7 ; Fri . 12-6 =0 

Sa .. )()"5; Sun. 11-4 
............. ,11 ..... 

292-467~ ..... -7011 
LAIleI _ 1lI0II1'1 ,AD, 

Prices subt«'iIO chanae. OchvC1')a'o'aJlabie. 
4807......." St., W...to.u. M,M 

T,ke 1-80S '" 1-16310 CI, lre"""" Mesa Ilivd 
Go l blocks IOUlh on Mcr\.'Ury St I on NE 

comer oI_cury ,nd RoNoo Kd. 

Monday,AprilI6,1990 

For sale: airline ticket roundtrip S,D. to Oak 
for $58. 4126-511 . Call Stacy @ 452-7648. 
(4/16) 

HOUSING 
Want to make money while you are out of 
town this summer? Rent your house, 
apartment or part thereof to responsille 
law students who will be clerking at Seltzer 
Caplan Wilkins & McMahon In San Diego, 
Please call Maria Macias at 294-2801 
Extension 135 for further information. (412-
4/30) 
In Mira Mesa all upstairs, 2 BR., 1 BA, large 
living, kitchen, wash/dryer. canyon view, 
near bus. 1-5. 15 minutes to UCSD. $250 
each room. Raut 271-7260/534-2858. 
(4120) 

Wcondotosharewlfemaie. 2BR, security, 
all arnenlties, garage, tennis, pool, etc., 
walk to UCSD/ shopping, non-smoking, 
prefer grad. student, $437.50. Available 
June. 458-9168. (4/2-4/30) 
Subletting your apartment this summer? 
Locaflaw firm seeking summer housing for 
law clerks. Call Karen at 699-3542 with 
details . (412-5110) 

Master bedroom for 2. Own bath. Across 
street from UCSDI Summer only. John, Paul 
546-9304. (4118) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Loat: btue & white baseball cap with Federal 
Bureau of Investigations Insignia_ Negotiable 
reward. 587-0223. (4It6-41f9) 

Anthropology 118 final paper missing" l 
Whoever picked up my paper Inadvertantly 
please return" to the Anthro office (8th floor 
HSS) or call Sascna at 558-8092. (4/16) 

PERSONALS 
ONE MONTH TOURING POLAND -
HUNGARY - CZECHOSLOVAKIA - EAST 
GERMANY · $1,495, Includes air fare. This 
rate good for nonstudents atso. Tibor, 444-
8234: Ann, 459-0883. (412-4130) 
Fifth College Semi-Fomnal. _. April 21, 1990 
at the Sheraton Harbor Island. Tickets on sate 
now at Provost Office. $20.00 until April 13 
then $22.00 BUY NOWI (419-41'6) 

The UCSD Guardian 

BLOCK PARTY APRIL 27 FFJOM 4-8 P.M. 
fN THE FIRE LANE OF THE WARREN 
APARTMENT COUPLEX. (419-41'9) 

International House Applications available 
at Resident Dean's Offices, International 
Center and fRlPS. Due 4127/90. (4/9-4126) 

FLOWERS. Just the word creates 
excitement. Stop by Carrie's Flower Shop 
and see why our fresh assortments can 
really excite a friend I 7777 Girard Ave. 454-
3535. (4112-4123) 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Tiffany Booth" You're 
the best. have a great dayiliove youl Jeff. 
(4116) 

CONGRATULATIONS TO THE NEW 
INITIATES OF PI BETA PHil T.T.F_II (4/16) 

Phi DellS - Pi Phi's had a blast Thursdayl 
Being handculfed has never been so fun I 
(4116) 

Jostens rep at Bookslore, April 30 - May 2, 
10:00 -3:00 Sate on your ooIlege ring. (4116-
4/19) 

Come join us at an outdoor colfeehouse. 
Wed, 4/18, 9-11 p.m. Behind Warren 
Commons. (4/16) 
Checkout TRITON FEST Thursclay in Revelle 
Plaza. 11 a.m.- 3:30 p.m. (4/19) 

Get excited for Twister. Pi Beta Phi and Delta 
Sigs. (4116) 

Congratulations to Ihenewly Ini1iated Sigma 
Sisters. We love you. The sisters of Sigma 
Kappa. (4/16) 

Muchas gracias Delts for a muy bien time 
south of the border. Love: Sig,lIa Kappa. 
(4/16) 

Tri Delts • thanks tor coming out to our 
Waterski and Sports Dayl Deha Sigma Phi. 
(4/16) 

To the sisters of PI eeta Phi Tri Delts and 
Sigma Kappa Thanks for coming out to our 
Spring Rush events, lets do it again in the falll 
The Bros of Delta Sigma Phi. (4/16) 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

W,ll .J H"\~,JII.J1l V " C.ltlllri 
or IJlg -,crl, ' 1l TV 
plu ~ r,,, ,, " u p 10 S I ,100 

In IlI",t 10 d,l,-" 

Object"": F ........ ' 
~MInIIMI 

~y: R .... $1,400 
Coet: Zero In_tn.1t 

C8mpul orpnlutloM, ciulla, 
frata, aotOrItIM c.a OCMC lit 

1-800-932-0128 and 
1-80().950-8472 ext. 10. 

WORDS & MUSIC 
A BOOK GALLERY 

International House applications available 
at Resident Deans offices, International 
Center and fRlPS. Due 4127/90. (4/9-4126) 
Room, board, smail saiary ;care for boy, 9, 
evenings, weekends. Femaie nonsmoker. 
Del Mar. 481 -6115. (4/16-4123) 

6 Minute Prints! Between Us - a musical theater piece· 
When: Tuesday & Thursday, April 24 & 26 

Wednesday & Thursday, May 2 & 3 
8:oop.m_ o Prints from color prints o Proof sheets from slides Seeking female roommate to share 

bedroom in La Jolla $241/month available 
May 1st. Roxane 457-4785. (4116-4123) 

o Prints from B&W prints 
• Enlargements from slides 

o Overhead vue-graph slides 
• Enlarge or reduce Where: Words &. Music Book Gallery 3806 Foun:h Avenue, Hillcrest 

Join the Guardian starn 
The ftrSt meeting for the Spring 
Quarter Internship Program 

iii thili Thursday, Apri119! 
Meetings arc in the DaviS/Riverside 

Room in the Price Center at 7 p.m. 
Any questions? Leave a message for 

Seth or Oae at 534-6580_ 

7523 Fay Ave. 
Vans Shopping Center 
459-0696 
Open 6 days a week - gone fishing on 
Sundaysl . 
We accept UCSD purchase orders 

.a 
~ the computeryou 
need to succeed in the 
real world and a chance 

to use it there. 
llyaMacini<ID* and enter Aooles Real ~rld ~ 
You could win a week at one of these leading organiZations 

and a Macintooh computer. 
Enter April 2 - April 20 

Computer Center, 5~4-4291 
See your Campus Computer Reseller for Sweepstakes Rules and Ilegulations. 

o l99O.'fI* ~ Or<. .'fI*. or..'fI* ""'" and Mao""'" ... ~ _ d"", (anplIfr. Or<. 

--~"= .... ~...... ~~...=-
IlOO "'-'-"r.-~ .. c:.,..... 

.......... ~-... 

--
. ............ .w-

What: BETWEEN US explores the relationships that fill 
our lives and how our experience of these relationships 
colors our sense of hope and purpose. 

Now is the time to make 
your choice. Because 
every ArtCarved college 
ring - from handsome 
traditional to contempo-
rary styles - is on sale 
now! You 'Il he impressed 
with the fine ArtCarved 
craftsmanship that's 
backed by a full Ufetime 
Warranty. And you'll 
appreciate the savings. 
Don', miss OUl! . 

The Quality 
The Craftsmanship. 
The Reward }t)u Deseroe. 

April 16-1 9 
Dale 

• 11lI7 AnC.rvH CI ... Ii •••. 

For Reservations: (619) 298-4011 
Admission $6.00 

3806 FOURTH AVENUE 0 HILLCREST 
o SAN DIEGO, CA 0 92103 0 (619) 298-4011 

10 a.m. - 3 p.m. Price Center Plaza 
Time Place 

Deposit ReQUIted 



18 SPORTS 

w. TENNIS Lynch uffered theday's only loss at number three doubles, losing to 
Tsai and Pierce 7-6, 6-3. Continued from page 20 

another clo e match, Pam Haas, 
playing number five ingles, de-
feated Brenda Pierce 6-2, 4-6,6-4, 

"Everyone looks great. We 
needed some tough matches to hel p 
prepare for nationals," LaPlante 
said. Behren , teaming with Susan 

Carney, pulled out the fourth of the 
three-setters, coming back to down 
Keeler and Cranston 6-7,6-1, 6-3. 

" It was the conditioning and 
mental toughness of the women 
that helped to pull out tho e three-
setters;' she said. Kristin Diels and Amanda 

The Uhimate Cut! 
~ I-"ft-d at a fur" y«- uoou/r/ ~nd 
r a.,. ~JI' hm:. Old. ~.u;e 

Y~7 k-,ra~ at Jfx.." S~~d«l. 
n's Cuts .......... $4 OFF 

With This Ad Reg. $21.00 

Women's Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $26.00 

with selected stylists 

"'PRICES INCLUDE 
grapilic cut, silampoo,conditioning 

and professional styling 

"'lAi~ 
G~?FliCS 

457-3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Drive 

located 
In tire Le Jolla ViI/age Shopping Center 

Fox Photo, The Photofinisher of 
1989 Pulitzer Prize-winning Photo 

AT mESE 5 I-HR LAB LOCATIONS 
For more infonnation call 272-1332 . 

1/2 

PACIFIC BEACH 
• 1088 Gamet Avenue 
• 1772-A Gamet Avenue 
SAN DIEGO 
• 6175 Balboa Avenue 
• 8650 Genesee Avenue 
DELMAR 
• Del Mar Heights Village 

2652 Del Mar Heights 

We Accept Competitors ~ 
r---------, COUPONS-L __________ ~ 

OFF DEVELOPING & PRINTING 
fUm developing and fim set of prinl$ !rom 35mm, 110, 126 or Disc 
color pri lll roU film (fuU frame. c-41 process). Coupon rtprOduc\Ions 
Itt no! occepu!d. Coupon 001 VlIIid wIIh other often or reprinl orders 
One roll per coupon Good through 4-21·90 at any Fox Photo S10~ 
COUPON MUST ACCOMPANY ORDER. 535 

• e 
FOX PlroTd,.,,,., LA" 
"For the Best Pictures of }bur Life" 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 16, 1990 

SPORTSLINE 
Fisher's Seventh-Inning Single Gives Slugglsh.Trltons Win Over CCI, 3-2 

In a lackluster perfonnance against NAJA Christ College orlrvine, the UCSD baseball team received 
eight strikeoul~ in five innings from staner Dann Eaton, but stiIJ needed a seventh inning single from J.J. 
Fisher to pull out the 3·2 victory. 

The Tritons got one run in the first inning and a run in the second 10 open up a 2-0 lead. but the Eagles 
came back to tie the score 2-2 in the sixth. 

Triton Louie Diazled off the seventh with a single and laletcame around to score on Fisher's game-
winner. 

Mike Morgan (6-1) pitched three innings of relief to get the win. UCSD (16-10-2) is ranked 11th 
nationally in Division m, and has wOh nine of its last II games. ca. which fell to the Tritons for the 
second time this season, dropped to 15.16. 

Men's Lacrosse Dropped by UCLA, 11-8; StIli Gains Playoff Berth 
Before the season began, UCSD men's lacrosse 

Coach Bruce Seitz said that one of the things he 
would like to see his team improve on is the offense. 

It is a good thing the Tritons did. 
By virtue of thei~ total goals scored for the 

season, UCSD overcame a three-way tie for the 
third and fourth playoffs lots, and slid into the West-
ern Collegiate Lacrosse League Playoffs despite an 
11 -8 loss to UCLA on Saturday at Warren Field. 

The Bruins overcamefl6-2 deficit at the half and 
three Juan Millan goals for the victory. 

Sven Haynie contributed two goals for the Tri-
tons, who were tied with UCLA with about four 
minutes left in the game before the Bruins blew the 

~ontest open. 
The win also earned UCLA a spot in the play-

offs. 

RI_ VlIIriIIG/lQrdiGn 
Juan Millan and the Tritons have their eyes on 
the Westem Collegiate LAX League Playoffs. 

According to UCSD Coach Bob McCleod, tIie 
Tritons wiJrhost an opening-round match on Fri-
day. 

The opponent will be named today. 

Men's Tennis Looks Past St. Mary's, Trampled by Galloping Gaels 5-1 
In its first match in two weeks, the UCSD men's tennis team stumbled 5-1 to Division I St. Mary's 

College on Friday afternoon. 
Head CoacbJohn Hammermeister attributed the unexpected loss to injuries, illness, and the possibility 

that the Tritons were looking ahead to this Friday's match against Division ill rival, eighth-ranked 
Claremont. 

Jeff Beathard, at number five, pulled off the only Trilon victory -a 6-2, 6-7, 6-2 win. The only other 
tftree-set match was a 6-4, 6-7, 6-2 loss by Brian Beattie at the number six slot. Beattie is usually the 
number eight man on the ladder and was playing his first match of the year. • 

The upcoming match with the Stags is a toss-up, as Claremont defeated Emory (which UCSD lost to 
earlier tbis season) but fell to previously top-rankedUC Santa Cruz, which UCSD defeated 5-4. 

W.POLO 
Continued from page 20 
Water Polo's top ranking. 

In pool play, the Tritons dumped 
an ovennatched Stanford Cardinal 
squad 23-1 , then went on to out-
olay Cal Poly San Luis Obispo 17-
3, and UC Berkeley 10-6 for the 
top seed in the semifinals. 

In the semifinals, UCS D 
avenged last year's 9-8 National 
Championship loss. 

The Tritons defeated third-
ranked and defending national 
champion UC Santa Barbara for 
the third time this season, 12-8. 

In the game, the Tritons found 
themselves tied at seven with 3:21 
remaining in the third period. 

They then proceeded to rattle 
off four goals in a minute and a half 
to take a commanding lead. 

Brenda Reiton scored six goals 
in Ihe game to lead the Trilon at-
tack. 

"We didn 't play particularly 
well against UCSB," Harper said. 
"But we have so many weapons 
that we can still win even if we are 
not at our best." 

That was not the case in the 
championship game against sec-
ond-ranked UC Davis. 

By the time they played for the 
championship yesterday afternoon, 
the Tritons seemed to have every-
thing together. 

See W. POLO, page 15 

UCSD GUARDIAN 
CLASSIFIED AD 

RATES 
. ;~ ... Joll. v,,, ••• ."u.re 

&
!;f) D.nfa' Group 011 .... You: (per 15 wordl): 

Indlvldull 

<lot perlon.1 UI 
'-$1; 
Flcull, Ind ltall . 

$3; 
Allolh,rl . $4. 

Studenl 
Oralnll.tlonl PI, 
tllll $3 rile - not 
tllll stud,nl ralll 

PI ..... nclo .. tllll 
carrectlm.unll. 
Inlun publlc.llon 

of ,Iur Id. 
Think you. 

_ • COSMETIC BONDING • VISA OR MASTERCARD 
• EVENING APPTS. • INSTANT INSURANCE 

__ -:::..:;:/ • STEREO HEADPHONES EVALUATION 
• !'lITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
• 24·HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• ORAl. SURGERY FOR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRACTION 

--------------------------
III'IROIHIC'rO.Y 0,... 

IXAM & X-RAYS 
ONLY 

Indudo.: X·Rays, Oro! Cone ... exom and Privole Consultation. Expi .... 5/15/90. 
0R.red 10: SIudents, Facully and SIaff of UCSD 

--------------------------DAVID S. UNOM D.D.S. 
Member: ADA, CDA, SOCDS, Delta Dental 

8861 Villa !AI .lola Dr., s..- 501 
lbehind Radio Shock) 455·9151 

Monday, Apri116, 1990 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulations: 
• Send your entry onan 8112" by 

II" sheet of paper along with your 
name.-year in school, hometown. 
col/ege you attend at UCSD, ma-
jor. address. and phone number 
to: Sports Editor, UCSD Guard-
ian. B-016, La Jol/a, CA 92093. 
You may also drop it in the sports 
editor's box at the Guardian of-
fice, located upstairs in the Stu-
dent Center. across from the gym. 

• All UCSD students, staff, and 
faculty are eligible to enter. except 
for Guardian staff members and 
employees of BI's . 

• Limit one entry per person per 
week. Entries must be at the Guard-
ian by Saturday at 5 p.m. 

• The person who comes up with 
the most correct entries. as deter-
mined by the judges. will be de-
clared the grand prize winner and 
will be recognized when the quiz is 
printed the following week. In the 
event of a tie. a drawing will be 
held to determine the grand prize 
winner. Those correct entries not 
selected as the grand prize winner 
will be considered runners-up. 

• The grand prize winner will 
receive a $10 gift certificate from 
BI's. Runners-up can obtain afree 
pitcher of either Michelob Draft or 
soda when dining at BI's Chicago 
Pizzeria, located in La Jolla Vil-
lage Square. A list of aI/ winners 
will be posted at BI's each week. 
and winners must show identifica-
tion to claim prizes. 

This week's questions: 
1. Who was awarded the 1989 

Sullivan Award as the nation's top 
amateur athlete? 

2. What is the nickname of 
Buffalo's NHL team? 

3. Name the four Grand Slam 
tennis events. 

4. Who holds the record for the 
men's swimming 50m freestyle? 

5. What country did ski jumper 
Eddie "The Eagle" Edwards represent 
in the 1988 Winter Olympics? 

6. WhichNBAteamplaysitshome 
games in the Capital Centre? 

7. Who was the MVPof the 1989 
NBA Finals? 

8. Who wore the now-retired jer-
sey number 33 for the L.A. Lakelll 
before Kareem Abdul-Jabbar? 

9. Who holds the NBA record for 
the most consecutive games (1045) 
without fouling out? 

10. How many three-set matches 
did the UCSD women's tennis team 
play against Pomona-Pitzer? 

Last week's answers: 
1. Vince Coleman 
2. Mike Davis 
3. Robert Shannon 
4. Howard Schncllcnberger, Jimmy 

Johnson. Dennis Erikson 
5. Wade Boggs, Tony Gwynn, 

George Brett, Dave Parker 
6. True 
7. Michael Chang and Aranxta 

Sanchez 
8. Jose Canseco and Mark McGwire 
9. John Wooden (43) 
10. J.J . Fisher 
Last week's winner: 
Jim Gekas 
Sophomore, Warren 
Economics 
Los I\ngelc . CA 

SOFTBALL 
Continued rrom page 20 
of the seventh on a sun-aided triple, 
but never really threatened, as the 
Tritons prevailed 3-1. 

The Coyotes' fielding had not 
improved from when they met the 
Tritons Thursday, when they 
committed three errors on Ihe way 
to a 2-0 setback. 

Triton pitching was strong once 
again, as Dianna Moreno and Fogg 
combined on a five-hit shutout, 
with Fogg picking up the victory. 

The Triton rallies for single runs 
in the second and third were both 
started by miscues from Coyote 
infielders, Ihe most embarassing 
of which was a grounder that went 
right through All-American short-
stop Lisa Hilborn's legs. 

CSUSB Head Coach Sue Strain 
was visibly unhappy with her 
team's poor defensive showings. 

"We gave both games away. 
They didn't beat us, we beat our-
selves," she said after the finale . • 

Coats saw CSUSB's problems 
in a different light. 

"We were able to execute de-
fensively, and they didn't. Execu-
tion is just a clear key to winning 
ballgames." 

UCSD's other Iwo victories in 
the tournament came at the ex-
pense of Menlo College and BYU. 

The Tritons walloped an over-
matched Menlo squad 9-2 Thurs-
day morning, pounding out I fs !:its 
in six innings against the Oaks. 

UCSD was paced by a four for 
four performance from Cindi 
Murphy, three hits and three RBI 
from Kim Stutzman, and three hits 
and an RBI from Tracey Kehr. 

On Friday, UCSD prevailed 2-
o over BYU. Fogg relieved 
Stutzman (7-1) for 3 1/3 innings, 
earning the win. 

In a tough defensive contest in 
which the Cougars loaded the bases 
numerous times, UCSD escaped 
with its fifth shutout of the season. 

The UCSD Guardian 

ItJlfl1COl11 GIATI SCORf S 

.. •• ALL ('.'11-2, NIIIIed 111t-...y) 
UCSO 3 Ctvlol College of INino 2 

8OfTBAU. (17-12, _ 10111_y) 
at UCSO Triton Tournament: lSI pIac:. 
Pool Play: 
UCSO 9 Menlo CoIIeg. 2 (8 Innings) 
UCSO 2 Cai SlItt san Bematdlno 0 
SemI·.naII: 
UCSO 211ftgham Young 0 
Championship: 
UCSO 3 Cal &.Ie San Bemortlno 1 

IIEN'S ~(1~"- _Mtlonelly) 
St. MIIry'. ~ cI. UCSD. 5-1 

WOMEN'S ~ (1,.. ......... I .. _lIy) 
UCSD d. Colorado College. 9-0 
UCSO d. Pomona-Pitz.,. lI-l 

TRACK 61'1ELD ( ___ q .... lw.) 
01 UCSO In'lUlional: ScoIt Sltgeant. new 
school ,ecoid In hammer lhrow 

WOMEN'S WATER POLO (11+1) 
01 USA W •• r Polo W._n OualiflcaUon 
Tou ........ nt. Canyonvlew: ll1piace. 
UCSO now quaIitIed lot' nationals 
Pool Play: 
UCSO 23. SIan10rd 1 
UCSO 17. Cai Poly SLO 3 
UCSO 10. UC Be_y 8 
SenHnaIo: 
UCSO 12. UC Santa Barbara 8 
Championship: 
UCS010. UC Davis 5 

XTRArJlURAI SCORfS 

MEN'S lACtIOI8E (11-5) 
UCLA d . UCSO. I HI 

ICA THI~, W[[K :, [VeNTS 
HOllE EVENTS .. IIOLD 
BASEBALL 

... The _. (OH), _..." Noon 
CREW 

GOLF 

Sen DIego Ctly CIwnpIotIlhlpe. SUndey. 
7a.m.,_aey 

.. CSU San Be_no. VI. CSUSB. 
_ . and Pomona·Pltzer, Today. 1 
p.m. 
.. Point Lorna Nazarene InYillllonal. 
Wedneoday. All Dey 
n. u Vwne. WhItIIer, end PUC, FrIdey, 
1 p.1IL, Toney 1'1_ SauII 

SOI'TBAU 
III UC 111 .. .- (OH), T.-y. 2 p.m. 
... LaV_(DIt). fftdey.l p.m. 
MEN'I~ 

va.loJC* IIorymounI, nwr..y, 3 p.m. 
va. ca.nn-t. FI1dey. 2 p.m. 
W_S~ 

at Poinl Lorna Nazare". . Tuesday. 2 p.m. 
...~. SMunIey. 11 un. 

TRACK AND FELD 
al Pomona·Pltzer In"'*'<>llal. Friday. 11 
a.m. 
at tA. SAC Relays. SaIlJrday·Sunday. All 
Dey 

IlEN'S VOlL£YBAU 
at i.JI V.me. Wednesday . 7 p.m. 
va. s.nc. cwa. FI1dey. 7 p.m. 
va. _ College, -..y, 7 p.m. 

XTRA THIS '.'IEEK S f'/ENTS 

HOllE EVENTS .. IIOLD 
CYCIMCI 

01 Cal Poly St.O. Salurday-5lll1day. TBA 
MEN'I~ 

-.. CoIIegIMo a..--"-
~ F .... 4 p.m.. ()pponaM_ 

----
WOMEN'S~ 

at UCSO Open TOW1WMIII. Saturdey-
Sunday, All Dey 

r--------------------, 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • TRIM. TAN· UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct.· 455-0909 
L Pacific Beach' MissionValley' State College' Sports Arena --------~-----------

Lose 6" Guaranteed! • 
• 
• Nota ~~~~~~~.9andnly ~~marks •• 
• 

_ ...... _, .. _ ...... .......... ......... aU"";II . • 
~ lor deIaIa • 2nd 30 tan ...... S39.9II· RnIt-time cIierU 

-,. EJtpirf$-
L ____________________ ~ 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279·5955 
D' AGNESSA Insurance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 
San Diego, A 92111 

ALSO: MEDICAUDENTALITRAVEL INSURANCE 

SPORTS 19 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

PORK'S GOT THE 1;4'S 
It was the classic confrontation of youth vs. experience. 

Youmwon. 
Po,.lt·s Got flu 1/4's, hailing from the halls of Argo, had their way with 

BoOB Knows Beer in meir home opener 10-4. Each Pork member reached 
base safely in the contest, but it was the young' uns. froshmen Jim Eddow 
and ' Berto " Nied, who swung the big bats. Eddow's two-run triple got 
Porlt on the board in the first inning, while Nied waited until the third to 
start his six·RBI display . 

Pitcher ' Doc ' MaC2bee stymied the opposition all game. going the 
distance and scattering 14 hits over five innings. This to the delight of 
manager Dave CaU, who was worried aboutthe rotatorcuffinjury Macabee 
suffered last season . 

' It's not bothering me too much,' Macabee said. "I'm surprised how 
much movement I was getting on my forkball today.' 

Chris Ceppi and Eric Arnold added throe hits apiece for me Pork cause 
while first baseman JetfDuncan correctly guessed the game's attendanc~ 
between innings. 

To a team that never for a moment doubts that me Atlanta Braves are 
America's team, Porlt ·s Got the 1/ 4'r-this .. . ham on tye's fo r you. 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFfERING 
FROM A DEliVERY CRISIS~ 

WFVE 601 
111 CUREI 

novelty Items . gift wrapping' balloons' greeting cards 
Large setectlon of gift mul. shopping boxes 

!~ 4305 La Jolla VlIIage Drive. t.rrC Mall 
(next to Carlos Murphy's) 

r .. 43.3-999.3 
W. I Il I OpeN DAILY 

~T~HE~!!!!!!!!~!!!!!!!!!!~!III-II!Th~e-:p~rin~ce~to~n Review is the most 
PRINCETON : effective LSAT prep course offered 
REVIEW _ today. Can now for the facts . 

695 - 9952 
"ra,." /0' IWCUI 

"-u .. --, .... ~ T ..... s-. ___ .rr.I ........... n. "'-- R.. ..... 

111 .... 1 rllc/or 's ( '011 ,-.... e Uelllier .... 

Ca~ Copy 
• SELF SERVICE COPIERS 

• VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

• Free Parking 
• Book Binding 

• Copies while you wait 
• Houra: Mon.,TIIu. 8:3M:30; fri. 8:3M; Sat. 12-4 £lIII. 4/ 30/90 

;.!IIIIIIII~'cI' (I "/4 \1 j" /k,I1t1l{f" ,', 1/) 452-9949 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

10· 

-

.: 



20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 16, 1990 

Sports 
UCSD Blasts No.2 UCD 10-5 
Top-ranked Women's Water Polo Coasts Through Western 
Qualification Tournament; Heads for Nationals 

By BRIAN ITOW 
Senior Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's water polo team may be the best, 
least well-known intercollegiate squad in all of San Diego. 

This weekend, the Tritons captured the USA Water Polo 
Western Qualification Tournament championship at Can-
yonview, with a re ounding 10-5 victory over second-
ranked UC Davis. In doing so, UCSD showed its complete 
domination of the collegiate women's water polo world. 

University in Providence, Rhode Island. 
Yet, even at UCSD, they remain relatively unheard of 

and unknown. 
Even if they capture the national title, it is doubtful that 

few people outside of the UCSD water polo community will 
notice. 

But that does not faze Triton Head Coach Denny Harper. 
At least he will have the consolation of knowing that he 

has the best women's water polo team in the nation. 

The No.1 Tritons now set their sights on Nationals. 
In a couple of weeks, they will be the odds-on favorite to 

capture the USA Collegiate National women's title at Brown 

At the end of yesterday 's tournament championship, 
UCSD had compiled a 18-0-1 record and grabbed USA 

See W. POLO, page 18 

Easy Week 
for WOlDen's 
Tennis, Takes 
Two 9-0, 8-1 
B DA VID POTICHA 
Staff Writer 

Night and day. Black and white. 
Yes, oppo ite . 
Opposite teams are what the Triton 

women' tennis team faced this week. The 
results, however, were exactly the same -
vlctorie - in each match. 

On Thursday, UCSD (13-4) demolished 
an inferior Colorado College team, 9-0. 

There were no c10 e matches. 
UCSD Head Coach Liz LaPlante felt that 

the Tigers were "pretty poor, not much com-
petition. " 

Still, the Tritons felt that they needed a 
good, stiff test before next months nationals 
- and they got that test on Saturday. 

The Tritons paid a visit to Pomona-Pitzer, 
another highly ranked Division ill team. 

Both UCSD and Pomona-Pitzer should 
receive bids for the nationals, so the Sage-
hen match loomed as an important te t for 
the top-ranked Tritons. 

UCSD defeated Pomona-Pitzer on Feb. 
17 in a ram-shortened 5-1 VictOry. 

The final result this time wa also vic-
tory, a hard-fought 8-1 win. 

This victory, however, was not as easy as 
the Colorado College match. 

The Tritons had to pull out four tough, 
thlee-set matche to e~capc with the deceiV-
ingly-lopsided Win. 

Christine Behrens, playing at number 
one smgles, tarted a bit shaky, but finished 
strong in defeating Shelly Keeler4-6, 6-1. 6-
2. The victory, coupled wi th her win against 
Colorado College. rabed Behrens' season 
record to 11-4. 

At number two singles, Robyn Inaba got 
by Erin Hendricks 6-3, 4-6, 6-3. And, in 

See W. TEN IS, page 18 
Second baseman Stephanie Molina, on a throw from left fielder Kiwi Reinhart, foils 
a BYU player's attempt to stretch a single into a double in Friday's 2-0 victory. 

International Flair at First UCSD Track Invitational 
By MATTHEW Rocmos 
Staff Writer 

Competitors from around the world came to UCSD's new 
Spano track facility on Saturday to compete in the fir t UCSD Open 
Invitational Track Meet. 

The classy facility brought amateur athletes from all levels of 
excellence. 

World-class athletes, like 1984 Olympic gold medalist Joaquim 
Cruz and indoor 200 meters record-holder Robson DaSilva, proved 
why they are the best in the world, winning their respective races. 

A large crowd showed up to cheer on the international partici-
pants, who represented countries from as far away as France, 
Portugal, Spain, Canada, a .... ld even Australia. 

Several of the foreign contestants were training here in San 
Diego, and even on the newly completed track at UCSD. 

In addition, some of the world-cia s runners, like DaSilva, chose 
Saturday to run in events in which they do not normally compete. 

DaSilva, a Brazilian who trains in San Diego decided to run in 
the 400 meters in tead of his usual 200. 

DaSilva beat everyone in his heat easily, but he slowed at the 
See TRACK, page 15 

Softball Gains 
Revenge and 
Title in Triton 
Tournament 
By LES BRUVOLD 
Staff Writer 

UCSD's softball team waltzed through 
this weekend's Triton Tournament at the 
North Campus softball field. allowing only 
three rUllS in four contests en route to the 
tournament championship. 

So, what's the big deal? 
Shouldn ' t you expect the host team to 

schedule a bunch of patsies for its own 
tournament and knock them down like a set 
of helpless bowling pins? 

The big deal was that the tournament 
included the fifth-ranked Cal State San Ber-
nardino Coyotes - a far cry from a group of 
Vol ilting lillies - whom the Tri tons defeated 
twice, including a 3-1 victory in Saturday 
afternoon's championship game. 

The two victories meant revenge of a 
sort, as CSUSB managed identical 3-1, 2-0 
victories over the Tritons earlier this season. 

UCSD Head Coach Sal Coats described 
her team's overall performance as "a real 
team effort. We're playing really well to-
gether right now ... sort of like a family." 

This cohesivenes displayed itself Satur-
day, as the Tritons (17-12, ranked 10th na-
tionally) played an excellent defensive game 
against CSUSB, always coming up with the 
right play to quell Coyote scoring threats. 

Triton starter Kathy Fogg (7-7) made her 
fielders ' job even easier, mystifying Coy-
ote batters by allowing only two hits and 
triking out five, for a complete-game win. 

UCSD opened the coring in the second 
inning after the Coyote pitcher walked Lynn 
Moreno and hit Lisa Mora with a pitch. Pam 
Harnack then laid down a well-placed bunt 
which loaded the ba es with nobody out. 

Designated player Melissa Mazanet fol-
lowed with a squeeze bunt that CSUSB's 
third baseman couldn't handle, as Moreno 
scored and the bases remained occupied. 

With one out, Triton shortstop Dana 
Chaiken drove a sacrifice fly to center, 
scoring Mora with the eventual winning run 
to give UCSD a 2-0 advantage. 

UCSD added on to it lead in the sixth, 
aided by Coyote fielding miscues. 

With one out and a Triton on first, Mora 
lined one off the third baseman 's glove, 
setting the table for Harnack ' run-scoring 
ingle to right, giving UCSD a 3-0 lead. 

CSUSB added a single run in the bottom 
See SOFfBALL, page 19 


