
INSIDE ... SPORTS 
UCSD Clips .......................... 2 
Opinion ................................. 4 
Features ............................... 9 
Arts & Entertainment.. ........ 12 

Bad Manners, 
Worse Venue 

Lopsided 1-0 
Win Over Oxy 

Sports ................................. 2.1 Review of Friday night show/13 W. soccer now 12-2-1/24 

University of California, 
San Diego 

The UCSD 

P/NP Option May Be 
Extended to 4th Week 
• Proposal allows students more time to 
determine course standing before dropping 
By Tammy Crawford 
Guardian Repoter 

Associated Students President John Edson 
proposed moving the course grading option 
deadline two weeks further into the quarter in 
a recent letter to the chairman of the UCSD 
Academic Senate. 

In his letter to Academic Senate Chair 
Doug Smith, Edson suggested that the dead-
line for students to decide whether to take 
their classes for a letter grade or for a pass/no 
pass evaluation should be pushed back from 
the second week of the quarter to the fourth 
week. 

"This will give students more time to as-
ess how they are doing,'.' Edson said. "Two 

weeks is just not enough time." 
According to the Office of the Registrar, 

24 percent of the students who drop classes do 
so between the second and fourth week of the 
quarter. 

"If they could change their grading option, 
they wouldn 'tdrop classes," Edson said. "The 
fourth week deadline allows students, in most 
cases, the chance to determine their course 
standing afterreceiving grades from their first 

midterm examinations which usual1y occur 
between the second and fourth week of 
classes." 

Before the proposal can be approved, it 
must be accepted by the Academic Senate's 
Committee on Educational Policy (CEP). 

"At this point, nothing is being done with 
[the proposal]," said Academic Senate Man-
ager Lynn Harris. She explained that CEP has 
not yet received a copy of the proposal. 

Smith said that he will write a letter to the 
CEP asking them to take the proposal into 
con ideration. 

"The proposal makes sense to me. I ee 
nothing wrong with it," Smith said. "On the 
surface it looks pretty good, [but the CEP] 
may ee something wrong with it that I'm not 
aware of. They know the ins and outs." 

If approved, it is not certain when the 
proposal would take effect. 

Edson said he would like it to happen "the 
sooner the better, but probably not Winter 
Quarter. That might be too soon." 

"I don't think it has to go to the Academic 
Senate and ifitdoesn't, itmay take effect very 
quickly, like next quarter," Smith said. 

CCPC Approves Plan to 
Save Eucalyptus Groves 
• Edson's Proposal to Help Aid Ailing Trees 
Plagued by Four-Year Drought, Borer Beetles 
By Rachel Blackburn 
Guardian Reporter 

A proposal to improve the health of euca-
lyptus trees on campus was endorsed Friday 
by the Academic Senate's Campus Commu-
nity Planning Committee (CCPC). 

The CCPC is a subcommittee of the Park 
Committee, established last year to direct 
development on campus and to ensure the 
preservation of park resources. 

The proposal, authored by Associated 
Students President John Edson, involves 
identifying a plan for trees on campus aimed 
at improving their health. According to Ed-
on, a number of eucalyptus trees are pres-

ently dying due to a number of factors, includ-
ing lack of rainfall. 

Eucalyptus trees require 30 inches of 
rainfall each year, but only receive six inches 
a year in San Diego, Edson said. 

Pam jenkinson, a enior planner at UCSD 
Physical Plant Servi e ,disputed the amount 
of rain needed for tree to stay healthy. 

She said that the trees do not need a 30-inch 
rainfall and added that they must be "pretty 
drought tolerant." 

"Drought occur cyclically, so the tree 
have gone through thi before," he said. 

Both Ed on and Jenkinson agree, however, 
that lack of precipitati n, cau ed by the on-
going four-year drought in alifomia, is 
pia ing "biological stress" on the trees, cau -

ing them to become more susceptible to a 
further debilitating factor: the borer beetle. 
This natural pest has become a nuisance during 
the past two years, attacking trees already put 
in a precarious situation due to drought condi-
tions. 

In addition to the beetle, other factors 
affect the trees, including stress caused by 
construction and development. While it is a 
policy not to develop within campus areas 
designated as park zones, trees near areas 
where development is taking place still come 
under stress. 

The grove of eucalyptu trees near Central 
Library, for example, i pre ently bein!; ad-
versely affected by con truction of the Cen-
tral Library addition, Ed on aid. Inadvertent 
damage caused by excessive foot traffic, 
peopk nailing notices to trees, and people 
bumping into them with campu vehicles is 
al 0 harming th tree. 

" [Student are] doing a lot to create prob-
lems ourselves," Edson aid. "Construction 
has forced people onto narrower path . There 
are still walkways, but people don' t always 
u e them." 

In addition to improving the health of the 
trees, Edson ' proposal plans to rai e the 
money needed to do thi . At pre ent, the Park 
Committee has no pecific funding for mea-
ure , u h a' irrigation, and on equentJy 

See TREES, page 15 

MONDAY 
October 22, 1990 
Vol. 71, No. 12 

Dan McDowel l/Guardian 
Nearly 1000 people participated in Phi Delta Theta's second annual Fun Run, 
which raised approximately $41,500 for the UCSD Cancer Research Center. 

Four-Month Spending Freeze 
Ends; New Budget Formalized 
• Atkinson urges use of restraint in spending; 
possible indications of worse budget next year 
By Jason Snell 
News Editor 

UCSD Chancellor Richard Atkinson re-
cinded hi four-month-long freeze on spend-

ing by campus departments la t week after a 
new budget for the campu wa fonnalized. 

"The UCSD Budget Committee ha com-
pleted its deliberations and the vice chancel-
lors and directors have been informed of their 

NEXT YEAR'S BUDGET: 
Regents 'seek only essentials'/7 

budget allocation ," tkinson aid in an Oct. 
IS notice to key administrators and support 
staff. 

" As a re ult of the e actions I am re cind-
ing the expenditure freeze effective immedi-
ately," Atkin on tated in the noti e. 

Atkin on ordered the freeze on June 15, 
iting c n em about th tate budget and the 

po sibilityof evere reduction in university 

funding. The freeze applied to all expendi-
ture , from supplie and equipment to travel 
and the filling of vacant positions in all cam-
pus departments. 

The 1990-91 UC budget wa approved by 
the UC Board of Regent in their meeting in 
Lo Angele on Sept. 20. The UC' budget 
was et by the tate legi lature at $2.185 
billion, $163 million lower than the regents 
had reque ted. 

tkin on warned taff and administrators 
that next year' budget may be relatively 
mall, and ugge ted that they ave money for 

the future. 
"Given the budgetary ituation, I urge you 

to exerci ere traint in expenditure and com-
mitment . There are everal indications to 
ugge t that our budget ituation could be 

even wor e next year. You hould plan with 
that likelih od in mind, and when po ible, 
generate aving that can be carried forward 
into next year:' tkin n wrote. 



2 NEWS 

UCSD QJPS 
NEWS IN BRIEF 

Semester at Sea Program Provides 
Foreign Experience for Students 

The Fall 1990 Seme ter at Sea program began when 
theS.S. Universe set sail from Vancouver, British Colum-
bia on September 14, 1990. The ports of caLI on the 100-
day voyage will include Kobe, Japan; Taiwan; Hong 
Kong; Penang, Malaysia; Madras, India; Odessa, Soviet 
Union; Istanbul, Turkey; Split, Yugo lavia; Casablanca, 
Morocco; returning to Pon Everglades, Florida on De-
cember 23rd. 

Semester At Sea, a program administered by the lnsti-
tute for Shipboard Education and academically sponsored 
by the University of 
Pittsburgh. isa program 
that takes approxi-
mately 500 students 
from colleges and uni-
versities across the 
United States and 
abroad around the 
world. Students can 
choo efrom fifty lower 
and upper division 
courses that are uffered 
by the University of 
Pittsburgh and are fully 
transferable to other in-
stitutions. Classes with 
visiung faculty from 
institutions acro s the 
U.S. and abroad meet 
daily while the ship is 
at sea 

UCSD students on Sem-
ester at Sea (front) Cheryl 
Kaino, (middle, I to r) 
Colleen Fluharty, Laura 
Ramos, Nicole Baloh, 
(back, I to r) Jennifer 
Morrow, David Epstein, 
Brian Black, Tiffany Lee. 

When in port, students can choose to travel with the 
Institute or independantly. Each class has a field compo-
nent requirement that the student must complete during 
the voyage. Activities in port can include home stays with 
families in the countries, VIsits to universities. travel to 
places of historic, cultural and religious significance, or 

Calvin and Hobbes 
\\OWES, DC 10\1 N"''I:. OJR 
~l\ T'i IS D£I'\I'IED 8'i 
ouR ~Ci\Dt{S . OR. 8'( 'fl~"TS 
\1-1 OJIt IIE/o.\l.TS? .., ____ :111 

i 
f 

~ 
) 
. 

.. 

, 

~'0 
/~ 

The UCSD Guardian 

Semester at Sea's 5 .S. Universe 
simply free travel to experience Life in the cities and rural areas. 
Stays in port range from 3 to 7 days. 

Semester At Sea use the S.S. Universe. an 18,000 ton 
converted cargo ship, which has been equipped to include 
classrooms, a library, theatre, student union, and cafeteria. It 
also has a swimming pool, basketball and volley coun, and a 
weight room, providing a campus atmosphere for participat-
ing students. A student life staff provide activities program-
ming for the periods of time at sea. 

The Spring 1991 voyage will leave from Nassau, Bahamas 
on January 27,1990 and will travel to LaGuaira, Venezuela; 
Salvador. Brazil; Tamatave, Madagascar; Mombasa, Kenya; 
Madras, India; Penang, Malaysia; Hong Kong; Keelung, 
Tai wan; Kobe, Japan; and returning to Seattle, Washington on 
May 7th. 

Additional information may be obtained by writing to: 
Semester At Sea, University of Pittsburgh, 811 William Pitt 
Union, Pittsburgh PA 15260, or by calling 800-854-0195. 

Course Aimed at Senior Liberal Arts 
Students for Post-Grad Guidance 

The Senior Liberal Arts Training fo r Employment 
(S.L.A.T.E.) program will be offered only Fall Quarter. TIle 
course is billed as the course for senior liberal arts students who 
are undecided about what to do after graduation. In just five 
one-hour sessions, S.L.A.T.E. can help students focus on 
career options and provide skills to search for a job. The 
program is scbeduled for Oct. 31 and Nov. 2, 7, 9, and 14 from 
9 a.m. until 10 a.m. Class size is limited, so sign up now at the 
Career Services Center. The fee for the program is $10.00. 

Arturo Madrid, Original Third Faculty 
Member, to Speak at lecture Series 

Arturo Madrid, a nationally-known and respected aca-
demic. educator and columnist on Hispanic issues, will speak 
at the University of California, San Diego's Oceanview 
Tetrace on October 24 at 7 pm. 

Madrid's is the first in a series of lectures on cultural 
literacy sponsored by Third College in honor of its 20th 

>J~ 
:l>JJ:' -<.J 

't , ~\ ~ ""J/ -": 

by Bill Watterson 

I RESENT 
lHAT! 

.. -

- ~ 

l\\ .. 'i '5fo.i 'fl\~!oI \~G­
IS~~ ~1l.~-m\toIG. 
~\) r~ DEClI>£D 
10 Tt.'l\;; -mEl R 

~\l~I\. 

'[ ()CAo.\T IllEl TO COlo\PRoIo\\S£ 
",,'I I'RI\-IC\l'lES, BECAIlS£ 'Tl1E'1 
~~ 1\~'1E. nit: Sl\GI\ItST &1\R\l'\G 

O~ "'1-11>0\ w..~t-\'" 1b It£ ~t-\~'tJ~~ . 
, 

1+ I- f- l-
. 

1- I-f- I-~ a ·..!LA 0 J-..l ~ 
_= I" 

" ? ':"I ? '>.(&..r , -:::: ."V'<~ " L(~ , t, t- . 
.-

Monday, October 22, 1990 

anniversary year. Additional lectures are planned fo r the 
winter and spring quarters. All lectures are free and open 
to the pu blic. 

Madrid, a founding faculty member of Third College, 
is the president of the Tomas Rivera Center. the nation's 
first inSliture for policy studies on Hispanic issues. The 
center, which is affiliated with the Claremont Graduate 
School and Trinity University, has established a national 
reputation for the quality of ils projects and has become a 
resource for policymakers seeking to address Hi 'panic 
concerns. 

As part of the original faculty at UCSD in rhe ·60s. 
Madrid was instrumental in setting the tone for the devel-
opment of Third College. A strong voice for educational 
policy reform, Madrid now serves on more than 30 na-
tional, regional and local boards and commissions con-
cerned with educational and economic issues. He is also 
the founder of the National Chicano Council for Higher 
Education and is a columnist in "Hispanic Link." 
Grad Student Wins Congressional 
Fellowship In Washington, D.C. 

Christina Accomando, a graduate student at UC San 
Diego, has been named a recipient of a Congressional 
Fellowship on Women and Public Policy for 1990-91. 
Accomando began an 8-month congressional assignment 
on Capitol HiU in September with the House Judiciary 
Subcommittee on Civil and Constitutional Rights. 

Accomando will be responsible for legislative research 
on issues of privacy and First Amendment rights. As 
legislative assistantlo the subcommittee, she will work on 
the Freedom of Choice Act and the Religious Freedom 
Res toration Act. 

Accomando is in UCSD's doctoral program in En-
glish/ American literature and teaches in the Muir College 
Writing Program. 

In addition, she bas been active in politiCS in San Diego 
during the last ten years, and she is currently the Legislative 
Coordinator for the San Diego County Chapter of the 
National Organization for Women. 

The fellowship program is sponsored by the Women's 
Research and Education lnstitute in Washington, D.C. 
Graduate students are selected on a nationwide basis for 
the program and are placed in Congressional offices to 
gain experience in national-policymaking. The program 
begins with an intensive three-week orielltation on the 
public policy process. 

Selection for the award is based on academic perfor-
mance, experience with community groups, and interest in 
the analysis of gender issues in policymaking. 

GUIS&I)IAN 
PHtL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBtN MACLEAN, Msnsglng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, Opinion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, Associate Sports Editor 
DANA CHAtKEN, Sports Editor 
JAMES COlLIER, DesIgn Editor 
REBEKAH DENN, Associate News Editor 
GREG DIXON, Assoc/ate Opinion Editor 
BtLL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMILTON, Associate News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, Associate News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, Assoc/ate Arts Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, Associate At1s Editor 
PETER KO, Associste Sports Editor 
JENNIFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Associate Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, ArtsIEntertslnment Editor 
MEL MARCELO, Associate Graphics Editor 
SANGEET A MEHTA, Associate Ffllltures Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, Assoc/ate Photo Editor 
JULtE PUZON, Features Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Editor 
JASON SNELL, News Editor 
RlMAS UZGIRIS, Photo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, Associate Features Editor 
JENNtFER YANCEY, At15/EntertBlnnwnt Editor 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Msnager 
MtCHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising DeSigner 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 

A~vtl1 l'lng Repr.Mf1tatIY.: Doug Shadd:, 
A~vtrt lslng Assl,t.nts: Leanne Belong I . Daniel Cahl!. eonola Makuch. Paolo VailadoI.d 
C~culttlon: KaJ 5 Wq Jot Lit 
"." UCSD GUMd;MIIS_1hId Wordi,s. WtdntiO.ly. ,,. Fnd1fl CUIng'" 1CiCllln1C,.. Dy II'iCIIDt' 
h snmrn of UCSD R.pradUtllGfl 01111' I'IIWIPIfIIf 11'1111)' Iotm, 'MWN 1I'I.noIt 0- ., pari, IInIhOlA 
ptmI.$5IOII" Ilrdf ptOt'l()c1td Cl I99O," .S r,set\td '. UCSDGu.r(Utt1$ nol rnJ)OllS'blllOf I'll 
1,,,,,",01 1Ift$GIICI!lGtIW\i~PII or .. Tht YlfWS ._pre.ted II'I'I'P"IC' an<IlIOned~' Ofcornmtnlal .. 
00 nell ntOHSof11fy' ItpotM'" I'll opnot1I Of rhI OCSD Wl/tNn. 1M U",v""ty 01 ClNklfN or '" 
AlJOClJIed StudentS J,II "Im~" til t\.R lung 04'" Ionvtl'M 

Ediloriol: 534-6580. Business 0IIKe: 534-3466, fa", 534·769t 
UCSD G uardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Monday, October 22, 1990 T he UCSD GuaJ.·dian NEWS 3 

Staffer Wins Award 'for Features 
Page Design, Headline Writing 

New Program Encourages 
Early Retirement Plan for 
Faculty, Staff Members 

• Guardian is the first college paper to win award 
By Jason Snell 
News Editor 

Guardian Design Editor James 
Collier received two awards from 
the San Diego Press Club last week, 
marking the first time in the hi tory 
of the club that a college newspaper 
has won an award. 

Collier, a Muir College jun ior 
majoring in Visual Arts, won the 
award for best headl ine writing in a 
newspaper with a circulation under 
100,000 for "Raging Bills," in the 

.-. .. ----

E:::-.::--·-=:.::: ----------~. 
-----_ ... -:,-_ ... _ ............... -

.... _ ... ----_ .. 
---_. __ .... -
._ .. _--

~l~::.~~t 
--_ .. _-_. __ .. -

.._-_ .. -_._ .... -
---_ ... _. __ .-

-----_ ... -
.. -... .. '.-.. -........ _---.-... --_ ... _ ... __ .. 

---
-_ ...... 
.... -.. 

-- -
..... _ ..... 

-.~ 
_e_ 

---: - .... 
" "" ' " 
-..... _ ... _ .... ,'._-----.~--

April 5, 1990 edition of the 
Guardial/. 

He also won an award for best 
page design for a newspaper with a 
circulation under 100,000 for 
"Pennies from Hell ," in the Apri l 
30, 1990 edition 0 the Gllardian . 

"I think it's a great honor, not 
only for myself. but for the staff of 
the UCSD Guardian," Collier said. 
"I hope that in the future we'll take 
more awards." 

Collier said that after graduating 

... __ ... _..--

--- .. --.. ~ 
~ ... -- .... -. ~--.- ... --

....... --
... __ .-.- .. 

-.-- ~-
-.. -----

.,oc. _____ "'_ 

. __ .. -

-,-----._._--- ,-
...- -~.-----­-_ ......... . -
.. ---.. --~ _ .... _._ .. _ ... . __ .A __ _ 
'-... _. __ ....... .. 
.... ,-_._-_ ... .. 
--_ ....... -
_ ..... _----

-~-..... -... --
-.-----_ .. -,--
--_ .... -.- ... -
-_ ... _.-

-.-----.- ~-- .. -." 
_ ....... - --.. 

.... _ .... -
.... __ ....... -

-- _ .. - .-
._.--..-

from UCSD, he hopes to be an art 
director for either a magazine or an 
advertising agency. 

The San Diego Press Club ban-
quet was held last Tuesday night, 
and was hosted by local media per-
sonalities Cathy Clark and John 
Beatry. Other award-winners in-
cl uded TV weatherman Larry 
Mendte, TV sportscaster Jim 
Laslav ic, and writers for the Los 
Angeles Times. Sail Diego Unioll, 
and the La Jo//a Light. 

By Jason Snell 
News Editor 

In the face of a reduced 1990-
91 University of Califo rnia 
budget and the possibi lity of 
smaller budgets in the future, the 
UC Board of Regents approved 
a progr3nl that would encourage 
aging faculty and staff members 
to retire from theirpositionsearly 
in their meeting Thursday in San 
Francisco. 

The program, known as Plus 
5, was one of several alterations 
the regents made in university 
benefit programs during their 
meeting. 

According to the office ofUC 
President David P. Gardner. eli-
gible members of the University 
of California Retirement Plan 
(UCRP) who voluntarily choose 
Plus 5 will receive a bonus of 
five years of service credit in the 
calculations used to determine 
their retirement benefits. 

Gardner said that the new 
progrdIII could anow the UC to 
reallocate salary dollars to ad-
dress shonfalls in areas of the 
UC budget not related to salary. 

Plus 5 participants agree to 
retire on a specified date, and 
they agree not to return to any 
UCRP-eligible position for at 
least fi ve years after their retire-
mentdate. 

credit, volunteering employees 
who retire under the program on 
July I. 199 1, wi ll recieve a one-
time payment of approximately 
three months salary with an ex-
tra bonus fo r staff members if 
they choo e to retire as early as 
Apri l I, 1991. 

The new plan will apply to 
faculty and staff on aLL nine UC 
campuses, the Office of UC 
President David Gardner, and 
the Lawrence Berkeley Labora-
tory. 

Faculty and staff at the 
Lawrence Livermore National 
Laboratory and the Los Alamos 
National Laboratory,labs oper-
ated by the UC for the U.S. De-
partment of Energy. will be eli-
gibletoretireonJanuary I, 1991. 

Theearly retirement program 
was proposed 10 effect budget-
ary relief that would offset re-
strictions placed on the Univer-
sity for the past several years 
through inflation, stringent bud-
gets, and the demands ofa grow-
ing student population, accord-
ing to officials from the 
Gardner's office. 

"The Plus 5 program repre-
sents a cost-effective method for 
achieving budgetary savings in 
light budget years while avoid-
ing layoffs," said Ronald Brady, 
senior UC vice president for ad-

A copy of the winning page Design Editor James Collier In addition to the service ministration. 

~[F)(P ~~~ lL 
[Q)~~O(@lNJ~~ 
~©[NJ~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 
50-90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

• Tweeds • Bill Blass 
• Big Dog • Limited Express 

fl-0%-O-Fi=1 fmlswEEK-:"s-sPECIALl 
I with this ad II NEON ACTIVE SHORTS I 
I Cash purchases only II Reg. $28.00 NOW $2.50 I 
L Exp, 10/29/90 .J L While supplies lost. .J 
----------- -----------

Wednesday 
thru Friday: 10am-7pm 
Saturday: 10am-6pm 
Sunday: 12pm-5pm 

• APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE. 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 

Miramar, California 
(619)-450-3323 

OPEN SATURDAY 
MIRAMAR ROAD 

John's FOREIGN CAR SERVICE 

695-0700 
8040 MIRAMAR RD. 

Since 1962 

YOUR COMPLETE 
AUTOMOTIVE SHOP 

For Japanese and 
European Cars 

We can take you 
back to Campus 

MAJOR SERVICES 
30,000 
60,000 
90,000 

Starting at $160.00 
Call for your quote 

(Replace spark plugs, air filter, 
fuel filter , oil&: filter etc .) 

1
1
-305 

I 

SMOG 
INSPECTIONS 

$29.95 + Cert. $6.00 

We are yow 
DEALER 

AL TERNATIVE 
For your 

vehicles servicing 

@ 0 0 
'" a. 
'" 8040 1" 0 

'--.-J ~ 

M'j ram a r Rd . 

r----------------, 
10% DISCOUNT 

ON LABOR TO 
ALL STUDENTS & FACULTY 

1-15 

'----_ ... _--------------_ .. _--_ ....... 



OPINION 
-------------------------------------------

4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Edirorial Board 

PHIL GRUE I. Edi lor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN. Managing EdilOr 
JASON SELL. ews Edllor 
BE I BOYCH UK, Opinion Edilor 
Tlt~ UCSD GlUm/Ian 15 ptlbho;.ned Ih r~ tI mes a .... eeL. at Ike Lni\'crsl1} of Cali fornia, S3n DI(~go 
Comems e l990. V,e .... s exprrssed herein rtpresenllhe majonlY \tOle orlhe edllonal board. 3nd 3rt nOI 

neces~ly those of Ihe UC Board of Relents, Ihe ASUCSD, nor the enllre G U':JI'dUJI1 SI:trr. 

A.S. WATCH: 1990 

Ever-Present Conflicts 
It seems the A.S. Council i going to learn the old lesson 

of easy come-easy go even earlier than usual this year. 
Accordin g to VP Finance erglo Langarica. the A.S. council 
has already depleted more than 20 percent of its general 
unallocated fund only three weeks into the quarter. At its 
current pace. the council will exhaust the fund halfway 
through the Winter quarter. The problem is, they have to 
make it last through the fifth week of the spring quarter. 

Traditionally, the A.S. Council is faced with mone y woe 
by Spring quarter when it realizes it has allocated most of its 
general fund to one project or another. In the past. the council 
has been sen ible enough to leave a 10,000 buffer for its 
successor. Unfortunately. last year' s council decided to dis-
regard trad ition and left this year' s group with a general fund 
- amounting to about half of what it was the year before-
greatly depleted long before this year's spending ~pree evt'n 
began. 

A.S. pending is out of control. The council doesn ' t seem 
to know when or how to say " no," Rather. it eems it will 
allocate money to virtually anyone with a semi-decent rea-
son . Be it dance , "fun-runs ," or forums. the A.S. is ready and 
willing to help ouI. 

When Langarica. the voice of reason , warned the council 
of tro uble on the horizon, one would have thought the 
mes age wo uld have been clear. But what did the council do? 
After debating one particular allocation at length, it awarded 
the Committee for World Democracy $1,725 dollars -
amendedJi'om $1.150 . 

One member of the A.S. Finance committee summed up 
the attitude within the A.S . perfectly: "Everything that comes 
before us is a good idea - theoretically ." Oftentimes, though, 
" good ideas" have manifested themselves into reality. 

Take. for example. some recent allocations: $299 for 
Campus W atch/External Affairs T-shirts, 103 fo r a head-
light for the A.S. can, $288 for a representative from the 
Womens' Resource Center to attend an all-UC women con-
ference at UCSF, and $856 for the KSDT mu ic director to 
attend a mu~ic convention in ew York City. 

Cenainly conferences can be quite informative and driv-
ing a cart a round at night without a headlight could be rather 
dangerous. Nevertheless, tho e are the allocation which 
should be CUI back first. 

The Committee for World Derr.ocracy hould have been 
g i ven the $1, 150 the finance committee recommended. and 
not the full $1 .750. SImilarly. the council should have ques-
tioned the necessi ty of other allocation~ . 

"Campus Watch" T -shim are nice , but are they really 
worth $299? Did a ro:: presentative from lhe Womens' Resource 
Center really need to go to San Franci co? Did KSDT's 
mu~ic director really need to go to New York ? 

The situation seem c rucial enough to justify some fairly 
radical measures. The finance committee hould seriou Iy 
consider s lashing most , if not all funding requests by at least 
75 percent. This would force organizations to seek alterna-
tive ways of raising funds . rather than u ing the A.S . as a 
crutch. 

The A.S. should actively encourage fund rai sing evenlS 
further by subsidizing advertising, rather than the evenlS 
themselves . Student organizations need to be given the mes-
sage that the A.S . pocketbook - this year, an) way - is not 
nearly as deep as they would like. 

While the A.S . Finance Committee ~eem~ to have a more 
realistic perspective on the nece~sity of various funding 
requests , the council as a whole need ~ to get its collectivt' 
head out of the clouds . 

Everybody has their own personal agenda~. Everybody 
believes their projecI is important and deserves special atten-
tion , which is why every idea is "good in theory." 

Bul in the context of the big picture, the A.S. Council 
needs to realize that mont:y really doesl/ 't grow on trees . and 
it cannot plea~e all of the people - it ~elf included - all of 
the time. 

The UCSD G uard ian Monday, October 22,1990 

COMMENTARY 

The Trouble With Complacency 
• The danger of small, but vocal, minorities seeking to 
curtail liberty and freedom must not be ignored 
By Greg Dixon, Associate Opinion Editor 

Conflict is good in any democratic society. The 
clashing of two or more opposing ideals is the vital 
ingredient in the mix that is a pluralist democracy. 
But there are some things that should never be a 
matter of debate. 

One of these is liberty. There should be no 
question in this society that liberty is the foremost 
right of any individual or organization in this 
country. Yet, there have been a great deal of cases 
in recent months that have attempted to call into 
question the very issue of liberty on which this 
nation was founded. 

Between the 2 Live Crew, Judas Priest, and 
Robert Mapplethorpe, the principles of liberty and 
equality of ideas in this country have been chal-
lenged in a manner which is genuinely frightening. 

In nature. there are certain rights which all men 
possess. Among these are lhe rights (to borrow from 
Joho Locke) to life, liberty. and property. These are 
rights that cannot be legitimately taken from the 
individual bi' any power. 

At the risk of sounding like a nineteenth century 
political philosopher. mankind possesses certain 
rights which are inviolable and which are beyond 
any temporal institution. These rights can be 
suppressed. but not erased. As people across the 
globe are discovering. there is a naturdl order which 
does nOL allow these rights to be eliminated. 

Within the frdlTlework of these rights is the 
fundamental right to liberty. This right. as ex.pressed 
in civil society, is the right to think and act as one 
chooses to so long as it does not infringe upon the 
rights of others. This is a right that governments 
have long tried to suppress in order to SlOp people 
from questioning the existing order. 

In modem America, there is a resurgence of this 
type of oppressive effort. Unfortunately, this is an 
effort based on popular demand. In this case it is a 
people willingly asking the government to take away 
a right which is theirs by birth. 

When this nation was founded, some groups 
feared a tyranny of the majority and took steps to 
eliminate the possibility. Some also feared that 
democracy would lead to a disinterested public who 
would allow a despot to take control, and step were 
taken to prevent this also. 

Unfortunately, the fears of our founders ap~to 
he comi ng true despite the founders' best efforts. A 
minority is now imposing not only its vision of 
government. but also its morality. rt has been said 

that it is impossible to legislate morality, but that 
has not stopped people from trying. Jesse Helms is 
the most frequent target of such criticism, but we 
cannot ignore his allies in both political parties. 
which attempt to curry favor with the voters by 
promoting legislation rhat limits our freedom. 

These groups want to control what is seen and 
heard by Americans. These groups m ust be 
stopped. They must be allowed to express their 
views and to lobby for them, but we must take 
action to insure that they fail. We must stop them. 
The answer is for those who love their freedom to 

" In modern America, there is a 
resurgence of this type of op-
pressive effort. Unfortunately, this 
is an effort based on popular de-
mand. In this case it is a people 
willingly asking the government 
to take away a right which is 
theirs by birth ." 

band together in opposition to the legislation of 
morality. 

The Rock the Vote movement and other pro 
liberty movements are an excellent start. B ut we 
must be forever vigilant. There will always be 
small, vocal groups who will try to take away our 
rights for their own evil purposes. 

We must start with ourselves and our communi-
ties. Free expression must be promoted vigorously. 
MrV could start by following words with deeds 
and revoking its ban on Andrew Dice Clay. We at 
UCSD can start by allowing the free expression of 
views without attempts at suppression (even of 
fratemity fliers). We must be especially sure to 
keep close tabs on our state and local governments 
to ensure that they al low us our freedom to live 
where we wish to and as we wish to. 

There will always be those who wish to curtail 
freedom and liberty. It is the duty of every 
American to see that these groups are defeated at 
the polls. If we keep vigilant and active, our 
freedom can be assured. The silent majority wi ll 
inevitably defeat the vocal minority if it can Stay 
awake and informed. 

MO'nday, O ctober 22, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Commentary Unfair to Palestinians' Plight 
Editor: 

I read the commentary by 
Zachary Bennan in the Monday, 
Oct. IS, Guardian. This was my 
impression: 

The headline says: "19 Israelis 
Killed, Stoned By Radical Palestin-
ians." Zachary Berman would say, 
" No, that 's not good. It is wrong to 
kill innocent people." Absolutely. 
But looking at his argument in jus· 
tifying the killing of 19 Palestin· 
ians. one could say. "While it is 
wrong to ki1llsrael is, it is right to kill 
the Palestinians." 

Okay, so he doesn't want the 
headline to say "19 Israelis Killed." 
but he does want the headline to say 
" 19 Palestinians Killed. "Better than 
having Israelis killed, right? Yeah, 
who cares about those radical Pal-
estinians. They're barbarians. 

Alright, he has spent more time 
in Israel than I have (I have never 

resistance, and take over. The gov-
ernment does not represent the 
people who were kicked out. What 
would you do? Wouldn ' t some of 
you fight until your death to get your 
property back? 

And what about the U.S. double 
standard? 1948, Israel takes over 
Palestine - "ho hum." 1990, IJaq 
invades Kuwait, U.S. troops de-
ployed - " We're fighting for the 
freedom of the Kuwaiti people." 
Okay, in 1948 Israel didn' t have a 
homeland. Kuwait has lots of oil, 
and the invasion threatens Saudi 
Arabia. 

In all honesty, 1'd rather not see 
19 Israelis killed. But I do not want 
to see 19 Palestinians killed, either. 
I am sick and tired of hearing the 
Israeli government justifying their 
actions against the Palestinians. 

I am also sick and tired of terror-
ist attacks against Israel and the 

" Imagine that for a thousand years 
yourfamily has been living on a particular 
land. One day, a bunch of soldiers come 
by with guns and tell you to get the hell 
out because God promised them the 
land thousands of years ago. They kill 
some people, because naturally there 
would be resistance, and take over. The 
government does not represent the 
people who were kicked out. What would 
you do? Wouldn't some of you fight until 
your death to get your property back?" 

visited). therefore he has first hand 
experience in the Israeli-Palestinian 
conflict. 

But if he can understand the I -
raeti point of view, as it is clear in his 
article, what about the point of view 
of the Palestinian who is, in effect. 
like the blacks in South Africa in a 
government who systematically 
discriminates (while not saying so 
in Isr.!.el's case) against the people 
who have been living there for the 
longest time? 

Think in another way: Imagine 
that for a thousand years your fam· 
ily has been living on a particular 
land. One day. a bunch of soldiers 
come by with guns and tell you to 
get the hell out because Gnd prom· 
ised them the land thousands of 
years ago. They kill some people, 
because naturally Ihere would be 

Business For Sa le 
X·student offering on-home oppty. 
Need a break or ready 10 make $$ ? 

$300.000+ gross sales so far this year. 
[deat oppty for fult or prr .tudent. 

Pay your lution, house, auto & morel 

Are you ready to tak e over a 
cSlabli hed business that offers NO 
overhead, inventory or employee!? I 
haye CXcul ' lve to sell big $$ home 
recreation item in SD COUnty. j sclt 
dl!'Cct from my huuse wilh no !'Ctatl 
overh ead and have over 300+ 
,'US IOln crs Wllh on gomg refcral , 
gencral111S income. Wi1l sa nfi. c th is 

nc lime opply 81 S36K which will 
pay fo r ilSelf in 3 4 munlh, of full 
· l lmc wk . My 4 . yrs effon In 
c\ lablT shill & IhlS bu slnc s is YOll r 
flllancal gain . Will Ir'''l: selling, 
closIJ1g & produet kno" ledge. Inc & 

Ilcs fig ures ycnlietl If you ready for 
your own buslIle , and have Ihat 
clllrcprencun al dn'c, Call 979· 1934 

-Robert W. Kim 

United States. I am sickofthedouble 
standardsourgovemrnent takes. But 
what is the solution? No one knows, 
and with the cemented mentaliry of 
the respective parties, the solution is 
nowhere in sight. 

My argument could be shot down 
by the so-called Middle East experts. 
They know a lot more than I do, and 
have more experience. But com· 
mon sense dictales that Zachary 
Berman's argument could be also 
shot down by a guy who doesn ' t 
know anything about Middle East 
situations. 

HEADLINE: " Prime Minster 
Apologizes for Killing 19 Palestin· 
ians, Promises Swift Prosecution." 

HEADLINE: "PLO Denounces 
Terrorism, Puts Down Arms." 

Who are we kidding? 
Robert W. Kim 

Editor: 
Regarding Zachary Berman ' s 

commentary , "Israel is Not to 
Blame," (Guardian. Oct. 15) I was 
amused by such nonsense. He 
claims the Palestinians premedi-
tated the attack so as to embarrass 
the Israelis in front of the rest of 
the world. Well ,s ir. I hate to break 
it to you, but the Israelis are doing 
a fine job of it by themselves . 

What Mr. Berman may fail to 
realize is the significance of hav-
ing holy shrines to three major 
religions all in a very small area in 
and around Jerusalem. 

Certain groups are openly able 
to galher, commemorate. and cel-
ebrate their own religious holi-
days , while others are not and a re 
given further insult by enduring 
added hardships. 

Is that fair? 
Is that democracy? 
Democracy has been the Is-

raeli excuse for taking control of 
the Occupied Territories and rav-
aging the countryside and it in-
habitants. 

What most Westerners do not 
understand is that from 1967 until 
the Intifada began in 1987, the 
Palest inian cause was ignored 
because the Israeli government 
was able to distort the American 
view by claiming it was in the 
Americans ' best interests. It 
claimed that it was democracy's 
only bastion in an increa ingly 
hostile Middle East prone to com-
munism. But the events in the past 
year in the Iron Curtain have 
shown that not to be the case. 

Most American do not under-
stand why the Palestinians are us-
ing rocks and stones for protest-
ing. According to Israeli govern-
ment reports, Palestinians have 
access to more deadly weapons 
such as guns and bombs , and, ac-
cording to Mr. Berman, have a 
"Martyr Syndrome" and are 
"blood-thirsty barbarians." 

True, Palestinians could use 
these weapons and could have 
killed hundreds , perhaps thou-
sands, of innocent Israeli civil-
ians, but are using rocks as sym-
bolic allusions from the Bible in 
the Holy Land. 

But, their enemy is none other 
than the Israeli army and govern-
ment. who have treated the Pales-
tinians as second-class citizens by 
arbitrarily arresting suspected 
"terrorists", by holding them for 
indefinite periods of imprisonment 
before a trial takes place, by bull-
dozing suspected crimi nals' and 
their families' homes, and by nu-

NEW CLIENTS 
ONLY 

Walk·lns or call 
for appoinlment 

OPEN: lion.·Sal 9-7 II 
I w. do Fit»< e ..... l/non Wrop.oo SIlk WI", I 
• Full Set .. ........ .. .. .... $1 6.95 I 
• Fills .. .... ..... .... .. .. .. ... $1 0.95 
• Pedicure .. ...... .. ... ... $10.95 
, Manicure .. .... ..... ...... $5.95 

merous other type s of 
undescribable and inhumane types 
of torture and deportations . 

Mr. Berman. if the Israeli posi -
tion taken was so right. why did 
evely civilized nation condemn the 
action , incl ud ing the VI/ired 
Stares? Israel cannot expect the 
United States to repeatedly defend 
Israel for such "uncivilized" be-
havior. If the Israe lis really want 
peace and an end to the "head-
aches" it has now, why doesn ' t it 
meet with the true leaders of the 
Palestin ian people, and not the 
leader it wants to meet with . 

These are the same Palestinian 
leaders who have accepted every 
Israeli condition for talks for 
peace. The Israelis claim that they 
are not trustworthy. and we all 
know about the integrity of the 
Israel i government (the covert as· 
sassination attempts, the massa-
cres in the Occupied Territories, 
the Invasion of Lebanon in 1982, 
and the Ii t goes on and on). 

Let the in ternational commu-
nity send a commission to ee 
what is really going on in the oc-
cupied territories and allow them 
to have self-determination. free -
dom. and dignity through free 
elections. 

The present Israeli government 
(the most conservative in its hi -
tory) has rejected and rebuffed 
every resolution and plea by the 
international community for peace 
in the Middle East. If the Israeli 
are determined to make peace 
there. why are they allowing for -
eigners and Jewish zealots to do 
what they wish unchecked by the 
government in the occupied terri -
tories? 

This does not help the pre ent 
situation. but rather heightens 
tensions. 

If the Palestinians don't try to 
check the excesses of Israel. we 
know from recent history no one 
will, and this includes the United 
States and the United Nations. The 
U.S. has been known to tum the 
other way when its "weak" little 
ally (which has won just about 
every war it has fought) tries to 
create a peaceful Middle East (i .e. 
the invasion of Lebanon. the mas-
sacre of Palestinians, its harsh 
treatment of Palestinians. etc.) 

Mr. Berman, in the coming 
weeks and months after this mas-
sacre,let us see how dedicated the 
Israeli government is towards a 
comprehensive peace settlement. 
Let us really see who is to blame 
in the Middle East. 

Bassel Hadaya 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most docloral srudenls (64·91%). aner 
complellng their course worM . rema n wllh 
a dissertatIOn pending complellOn inde[I' 
ntlely, Among Ihese ABOs (AR-B: Hhe· 
Dissertallon) are generally round he 
brtghtest and most creaiTve candldales 
AddreSSIng lhose elemenls Involved In de· 
laYing complehon. the .. ~rkshop gUIdes 
partlCipanis. from begInnIng to fo llOWIng 
through and completIOn. partICUlarly anel 
years 01 lnaellvII)' and regardless 01 where 
they are In Ihe process. 

Workshop m[ormaboo 
985-0426 

Posigraduale Group 

OPINION 5 

Editor: 
When reading Zachary 

Berman 's article. " ' srael is not to 
blame", I wa struck by several 
sentences defend ing IsraeH police's 
use of deadly force, rather than a 
more restrained approach, to quell 
the Palestinian crowd ... there 
comes a point where any more 
restraint will result in death. You 
don ' t trade restraint for lives", and, 
"Israel has decided human lives 
are worth more than headlines." 
However, it appears to me that we 
should remember that the Palestin-
ians are humans, and that their 
li v es are worth a s much as 
anyones ' . 

Mr. Berman states that the Pal-
estinian protests are aimed at pro-
voking the Israelis to kill the Pales-
tinians, thereby swaying public 
opinion. This tatement rather than 
providing a pretext for killing Pal-
estinians, can be viewed as evi-
dence that the Pale tinians feel so 
strongly for their cause that they 
are willing to die to achieve their 
goals. Perhaps if we were to view 
the Pale tinians as humans. with as 
much of a will to live as any of us , 
we would be compelled to ob erve 
that what they are triving for -
equality and an independent 
homeland - is worth our consid-
eration. 

And perhaps if we viewed all 
people as having the same ba ic 
dignity - we, as citizens of the 
world, could be a partofasolution; 
one that will result in a homeland 
fo r the Palestinians and an Israel 
that is morally and politically se· 
cure. 

Edward T. Kip reos 

Are We 
Mindless 
Lackeys? 

The UCSD G*arllia .. wel · 
comes your letters and commen· 
taries. Drop your lena a t the 
GURrtljan offices (on the second 
floor of the: Old Student Center, 
abo"" th GCllcral SIOrc) Or mail 
it to: 

Opinion Editor 
Guardian 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Le tters sh ould be typed, 

double-spaced, and should in-
clude a sjgnature and a phone 
number. U nsignro letters will not 
be printed. We reserve the right 
to edit for kogth and darity. 

FREE 
COMPACT 

DISCS! 

Lowe!>t Price!> In 
San Diego! 

~ MUSIC 
__ TRADER 
-.~ -~- ---~ 693-1469 

MORE CASH PAID FOR COS AND TAPES 



6 OPINION T hc UCSD Guardian Monday, October 22, 1990 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

' r~ale Morals' Commentary Refreshing New· Indicator is 
Worthless Trash Editor: 

Atla t!Therei avoiceofreason 
resounding from this world full of 
too much sex and not enough love! 
I found tephen Bach 's commen-
tary (Oct. 17) on male morals quile 
refreshing and a great encourage-
ment to people like my elf who 
recogniz.e the fact that women are 
entitled to just as much dignity and 
respect as men and who do not see 
women primaril y as sex objects (and 
certainly not as a form of sexual 
amusement). 

Unfortunately, it seem that most 
men have aratherabsurd perception 
of women. II shows inoursociery al 
every level , particularly in the mc-
dia and the way in which it portrays 
male/female relationships. 

We all remember high school 
and the concept of dating as a form 
of social control- if a man did not 
"have his woman"orifa woman did 
nOl"put oUl" for her man, osrraci m 
and alienation quickly followed. 
Such a concept is exceedingly pu-
erile and has no place in ociety at 
any level, let alone the enlightened 
atmosphere of a prestigious univer-
ily campus. And yet il exisl . 

Theextemal trappings may have 
changed, but the central role of sex 
and having sex in our lives remains 
unchanged and is perhap strength-
ened. 

I wonder ju I how many men 
have bought into the myth that we 
must establish sexual dominance in 
order to gain self-respect and soci-

etal ac eptance? [ also wonder how 
many women have bought into the 
myth and feel that they can only 
gain respecl from others and for 
themselves by submirting to such 
men? And how many women have 
been forced to put up a stronger 
guard than they would like just to 
Gefend themselves against the ad-
vance of men whose brains are 
permanently stuck beneath their 
belts? 

1 wonder about this every time 1 
try to exercise the "sense of chivalry 
and respect for the female gender" 
which Bach peaks of. 

I was rai ed 10 use and respecl 
theoldmanners - thingslikeopen-
ing a door for a lady and being as 
courteous as I can at all times. I also 
getplentyofdirty looks from people 
for whom I do this. 

Speaking for myself and prob-
ably most like-minded people, this 
is not some veiled form of sexism. It 
is an expression of honor. Chivalry 
is not a sexist concept, and if placing 
women on pedestals is believed to 
be "' rong then we must consider this 
question: which is worse- to place 
a woman on a pedestal or to place 
her in a position which denies her 
the dignity and re pect which v-
eryone is entitled to? 

How many women have turned 
down offers of a date from perfectly 
nice guys because they were con· 
cemed about ulterior motives? Be· 
lieve it or not, there are actually men 
out there who want to go out with a 

woman to gain social and intellec-
tual stimulation, a diver ion from 
the drudgery of books and calcula-
tions, and (hopefully) a beautiful 
friendship. For these men, sex (if it 
is a goal at all) is not the primary 
attraction behind a relationship. 

Unfortunately there are also 
hormone-driven Franken teins out 
there who are only looking for a 
temporary solution to a problem 
which goes much deeper than their 
glands. It goes to attitudes and so-
cial conditioning. 

Tfwewant to havea world where 
men and women can regard each 
other as full and equal partners, a 
world where little girls don't get 
raped on the way to school and 
wherefemalecollegestudent don't 
have to worry about being butchered 
in their own homes (or anywhere 
else) , then we must act now. 

We must act by turning away 
from the diseased crap which the 
media is feeding us concerning 
sexual and social morals. 

We must act by re-establishing 
the old values and defining some 
new values which dictate that all 
human beings - regardless of race 
or gender - are entitled to a certain 
level of dignity and respect and that 
to intentionally violate another hu· 
man being in any way is a crime of 
the highest social and moral order. 
Only then would we have any hope 
or right to expect society as a whole 
to improve. 

Steve Condrey 

Editor: 
When one needs material with which to wrap dead fish at 

UCSD, the New Indicator is probably one's best bet. As far as 
actually reading the N 1., though, most people are a lot less enthu-
siastic. 

After ponc'~ring this phenomena for hours, I thought of one 
possible caus : the New Indicator sucks. The paper's goal seems 
to be to fiU up as much space as possible without supplying a single 
fact, logical reasoning, or viable alternatives. 

The following story illustrates just how devastatingly clueless 
the N 1. staff members must be. 

A few wee\cs ago, I was walking peacefully to the Price Center 
when Booked up and beheld an apparently unwashed guy handing 
out copies of the Newlndicalor as if they wereCiub 'Oh!' flyers . 
It was quite obvious to any observer with a brain more developed 
than that of a retarded barnacle that the unlucky recipients of the 
N.I. copies didn't want them and, as soon as they got the chance, 
were going to throw them away in the closest receptacle. It was the 
most efficient paper-wasting exercise I'd ever Seen. 

Now, aren't these the so-called "environmentalists"? Aren't 
these the ones who whine so much because the "fascist oppressor" 
regeotscutdown trees to build buildings? Why don 'ttbeytry doing 
their part to save a few trees, instead of just censuring everyone 
else? Most of us do our part. 

As a matter of fact, I've devised a plan of my own to facilitate 
re-forestation. The Nl. office, properly processed through the 
repeated use of .a wood-chipper. would probably make great 
fertilizer and encourage rapid tree growth. 

The very '/Orst feature of the N.I. is that the students pay for it. 
The N.I.·s funding comes out of student fees. Those fees abOut 
which theN.!. suffers are constantly bitching wouldn't be quite so 
high if a chunk l idn' t go directly totbeN.l. office. I think [speak 
for the vast majo.ityofstudents when I say that we do not wish to 
give up our money just to allow a bunch of anti-establishment 
whiners continue their incessant. irrational complaining on 
newsprint 

R . Toscano 
,. 

CELEBRATING 10 YEARS OF SERVICE 

NNIFER HAS AN JECLY SECRET. · · 

U C S D 
Back to School SPECIALS 

I¢efl I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
~ Mltsublshl Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune U~ Special $35 ~reg.$55) 
1. Spark plugs OJr tune up inc!v es a /0/ more than others. ft includes: 
2. Dislnbutor points 6. Clea . replenish all nuid & oil levels 10. Check undercarriage tor damages 
3. Condensers 7. Chedr br· "es I' . Check cooling syslem & hoses 
4. Adjusttiming B. Check dutch 12. Road lesl 
5. Adj1Jst dwell angle 9. Check lights 

,c..~~~oint M,!!ip!,!e!:1~~~ecial !?~ · 
2. Valve adjustmenl 11 . AdjuSlIir.'ling 21. Check & rpplenish all 28. Check and recharge 

Replace: 12 AdiuSi dwefl angle flUid and Otl levels ballery. n necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket 13. AdjuSi carburetor 22. Check eletrical sySiem 29. Rotale tires (if needed) 
4 Spark plugs 14. AdjuSi steering box 23. Check lor loose 01 lost 30. Check lire pressure 
5. D,stnbuiOl points 15 Adjus alf & luel " IX bolts 3 t. Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. t6. AdJuSi dulch 24. Check brakes 32. Check all holders 
7. Arr fiher. 17. AdlUSI brakes 25. Check clutch 33. Check ctOoling syslem & 
8. Orl Irhar. 18. AdjuSl emergency b'akes 26. Check lights hoses 
9 Gas loiter. and 19 Check & adfust exposed 27. Check undercarnage tor 34. Check exhaust system 
10. Engine 011 belts damages 35. Road lest 

20. Lube Iront end 

Nm. For6~~M~c~;pi;t~O DCI~t~8hrkj;bs $169 * 
We rep/ace: 

1 TransmiSSIOn II1put shalt seal (e,cept 
Hondas 

4. Throwoul beanng Note: Hydraulic parts are nol covered. 
5. Plio' 'learings Not for 4WD. Front wheel dnve extra 

2. Pressure plate 6. New transmission Otl 
3. Clutch diSC 7. Road test 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg$80l 
Front or rear. Brake fOb Incfudes: 

1. !nslaH spooal rew pads or install rear brake shoes 5. Bleed enore brake system 
2. Or<lln old brake HUld 6. AdjUst Iront (II drums) and rear shoes 
3. Ins,>ecl complete hydrauliC system 7. Replace Iront rotor seals (if rotOl turn) 
4 Relill hydrauliC lIuld 8. Road lest 
Note Hydraulic parts are no!lnClude(l 

Brand new parts. Ask about our ,pecial rate, for enCine overhauls. 
All our work hII. a 2-year or 20,OGO-mUe limited warranty. 

All price. include parts and labor. 

overseas 
Automotive Repairs 
•••••••• 

('most cars) 
8008 Miramar Rd. 695-1990 

Offer good ti1rough Nov . 22. 1990 With ti1IS ad. 
Call for appoinlment. 

Towing and renta l cai available. Monday·Friday, 7:30 am·6 pm. Open Saturday 

Monday, October 22, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Regents Will Consider 1991-92 
Proposed Operating Budget 
• Request 'seeks only essentials,' according to Gardner 
By Jason Snell 
News Editor 

University of Cali fomi a officials 
presented a 1991-92 budget that will 
essentially maintain existing pro-
grams wi thout requesting any addi-
tional funding to the UC Regents 
during their meeting Thursday in 
San Francisco. 

UCPresident David Gardnersaid 
that the proposed budget"seeks only 
the e sentials" which "will allow us 
simply to hold our own, and -
under a best-case scenario - pos-
sibly to recoup some of our recent 
losses such as research and public 
service funds." 

UC Vice President for Budget 
and University Relations William 
B. Baker outlined the university 's 
request for$2.4 billion in state funds, 
9.8 percent more than the UC re-
cei ved this year. 

The 9.8 percent increase includes 
a five percent adjustment for infla-
tion and cost-of-living factors, and 
funding to compensate for an esti-
mated 1,600 new full-time under-
graduates and 1,225 new graduate 

students at UC schools. 
The budget proposes an average 

increase of three percent forresident 
student fees, and two percent for 
non-resident tuition. Out-of-state 
student tuition has increased 50 
percent since 1988. 

The 1990-91 budget approved 
by the regents la>l month increased 
both resident student fees and non-
resident tuition by approximately 
10 percent. 

The regents will separately 
consider student fee increases at the 
November regents meeting. If ap-
proved, students will pay $49 more 
in fees next year, an increase from 
$l,624 per year to $1,673 per year. 
Non-residenttuition will goup$128, 
to $6,544 per year. 

The budget request also includes 
a five percent salary increase for 
both faculty and staff. 

According to officials from 
Gardner's office, staff raises will be 
consistent with those offered to other 
state employees, and faculty in-
creases will be based on comparisons 
with eight similar educational in-

stitutions in the country. 
According to Gardner, the bud-

get proposal includes $235.5 mil-
lion for capital improvement, mosl 
of which will go towards the fund-
ing of projects previously approved 
by the state. 

Funds needed to support the 
capital budget will be drawn from a 
general bond issue for higher edu-
cation, Proposition 143 on the ro-
vembcr ballot, and from revenue 
bonds. 

Projects at UCSD that will be 
funded by the new budget include 
the construction of a new Visual 
Arts facility located near the Fifth 
College campus, a campus service 
complex, a building to replace 
Vaughan Hall at the Scripps Insti-
tution of Oceanography, and a new 
classroom building. 

The UC budget for total opera-
tions in 1991-92 is about $7.2 bil-
lion, including federally funded op-
erations. The federal govemment 
will also appropriate $2.4 billion to 
fund the Department of Energy 
laboratorie operated by the Uc. 

We stay on top of the campus. 

TheUCSD A UARDI N 

MONDAY. WEDNESDAY. FRIDAY. THERE'S NO BETTER PlACE TO 
GET INFORMATION ABOUT UCSD. THREE TIMES A WEEK. 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
applicati n of lotion to kin and 

m nthly visits for eva luation. 

Volunteers paid $50,00 for participation. 
If interested, call 534-4955 (leave name and number) 

or cat! 534·6847. 

2nd Annniversary Special 

Golden Hall 
Hair Design 

for 
Men 
and 

Women 

COMPLETE HAIRCUT 
Reg. $10.50. now only 

549.4514 $800 
7190 Miramar Rd 

thf'hlnd H,l'ntuck" Fru'll ChI( k+'Il) 

549·0382 

• I 
I 
• 
• I 
• 
• I 
I 
• 
• 

NEWS 7 

A neighborhood hamburger, fries & malt shop 
in the old style tradi~on. 

L A J 0 L L A 
7863 Girard Ave. 

comer of Wall & Girard 456-4001 
_ .. _ ............... . 

FREE 
"ORIGINAL" 

HAMBURGER 
with ANY purchase 

TUESDAY NIGHT UCSD EXCLUSIVE 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Special introductory offer valid at Lo Jolla II 
store on October 23 belwen 6 p.m.·! 0 
p.m. One coupon per customer. Offer I 
subject to availobility. Must present cou· I 

: pen 01 time of purchase. • 

•... _ .. _._ .......... _. 

the copy center 
457-3775 
La Jolla Village Center 

near Ralphs 

• Resume Package 
• Self Serve Rental 
• 24 Hour Access 
• Close to Campus 

10% Off Self Serve Macintosh~ Rental with 
this coupon. Expires I1-1S-90 



The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 22, 1990 

-ME SrUl)ENT • • 
ARE YOU READY FOR mE 

Join the experts from 
Stanley H. Kaplan for a 
FREE MCAT SEMINAR 

on the NEW MCAT!! 
12:00 p.m. Friday, October 26, 1990 

COVE ROOM, PRICE CENTER 
Sponsored by the Pre-Med Club and 

Stanley H. Kaplan 

Sign up at the seminar for the Kaplan 
April '91 MeAT Prep and save $$$ 

Call 277-6744 for details 
~ STANLEY H. KAPLAN I Take Kaplan Or Take Your Chances 

. , 

FEATURES 
Monday, October 22, 1990 T h e UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

Men On Their Missions 
• First Roger Revelle Medal awarded to 
Pulitzer Prize-winning author and scientist 
By Kent Korzon 
Senior Staff Writer 

Ants. Are there any arnong us 
who did not spend at least a few 
childhood hours of fascina tion 
watching these minute creatures 
go about their daily affairs? 

Edward O. Wilson's fascina-
tion with ants didn't end in his 
youth - he made a career of their 
study. Today, he is known as one 
of the world's leading authorities 
on ants, and as a Pulitzer Prize-
winning author. 

Friday night, Oct. 19, Wilson 
was the recipient of the San Diego 
Natural History Museum's new 
Roger R. Revelle Medal. Wilson 
was presented the medal in 
recognition of his lifelong 
achievements in biology and 
ecology. 

The medal was named after the 
"most distinguished scientist" in 
San Diego, said Greg Pregi1l, 
curator of reptiles and amphibians 
for the museum. 

Guardian File Photo 
Roger Revelle: new San Diego Natural History 
Museum a ward named a fter "m ost 
distinguished scientist .• 

Wilson was chosen to receive the Roger 
R. Revelle Medal by 25 scientists who 
"sifted through" nominations from around 
the country, Pregill said. 

Revelle, whose vision and energies led 
to the establishment of UCSD, is a promi-
nent oceanographer and a world leader in 
the application of science and technology to 
help solve problems in developing coun-
tries. 

Since the I"Mly 19305, Revelle has 
made major contributions to the develop-
ment of marine sciences, ocean explora-
tion, and international scientific coopera-
tion. 

Revelle has also been described as the 
"grandfather of the greenhouse effect." 
During the 1950s, Revelle's concern 
about the potential for a greenhouse 
effect, resulting from the use of fossil 
fuels, led him to establish an ongoing 
research program at Scripps Instit ution, 
where he served as director from 1951 to 
1964, to monitor carbon dioxide levels in 
the atmosphere. 

In 1965, the fITSt of UCSD's colleges 
was named Revelle College in his honor. 
Currently, Revelle is director emeri tus, 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography ,and a 
professor of science and public policy at 
UCSD. This November, Revelle will re-
ceive the National Medal of Science from 

See WILSON, Page 11 

Edward O. Wilson (left), a leading 
authori ty on ants (below), was 
awarded the first Roger Revelle 
Medal. Photos by Dan Cripe. 

• Cecil Lytle's music plays a big role in hi-s 
life and in his job as Third College Provost 
By Debra Bronstein 
Guardian Reporter 
and Traci Powell 
Staff Writer 

ius( as my fingers 
on these keys make 
music , so the self-
same sounds 011 my 
spirit make a music, 
roo . 

- Wallace Stevens 

He spends his days in 
front of the computer 
keyboard, his evenings at 
the piano. Fingers aching 
from mechanical typing 
and strenuous practice, he 
balances his time between 
two careers. 

Most know Cecil Lytle 
as the Third College 
Provost. Acting as the 
chief administrative 
officer, he monitors Third 
College Students' 
academic progress and 
offers advice in non-
academic areas as well. 
Yet, few know Lytle as a 

Jenny Vann/Guardian 
Cecil Lytle: Third College Provost and Musician. 

musician. 
Lytle wanted to be a musician since 

his early childhood. When he was five, 
he discovered the powers of music by 
watching hi father play the organ for 
their Blptist church, and then imitated 
him by banging on the piano with flat 
hands. Gradually, he learned to play choir 
songs by ear, picking up the chords as he 
practiced. His father later sent him to 
study with David Saperton, a reputable 
musician in ew York. 

"This was my first scary experience. 
The other students came from a different 
background; they could all read classical 
music, and I couldn't. I had learned to 
play intuitively, mainly jazz and Gospel," 
commented Lytle. 

Perceiving his talent and technical 
achievements, Lytle 's parents sent him to 
the Juliard School at the age of 13. He 
mastered the classical repertoire in 
classes and at night he practiced playing 
jazz with his older brothers in Harlem 
night clubs. 

In 1974, Lytle joined the UCSD 
Music Department. Specializing in 
African-American music, he started the 
gospel choir and jazz band. In 1988, he 
was appointed Third College Provo t and 
devoted much of his time to his new 
position. 

"I was 0 pa ionate about being a 
provost that 1 only perfomled \0 concert 
instead of my usual 50 to 60 "l year. I 
suffered as a person because I ignored a 
very large part of my elf," said Lytle. 

Yet today, he meticulously juggle hi 
time between both his passions. 

Lytle' most recent performance was 
on the UCSD campus. A~ plrt of the La 
Jolla Symphony Orchestra, Lytle played 
"Rhapsody in Blue'· in the Price Center 
Plaza last Thursday. 

For Lytle. mu ic is the panacea of the 
oul. ··Mu ic alway · c me out of deep 

emotional inspimtion. It peak in 
tongues that transport us from the pre em 
tate into another state of gra e," he 

explained. 

"Music is a communicating device;" it 
transcends language barrier through its 
" redemptive powers," he said. 

The musical fervor, according to Lytle, 
is not limited to one specific type of music, 
because a hierarchical standard of rating 
music is non-existant. Lytle's eclecticism 
reverbrates throughout his concert pro-
grams. He believes that the particular style 
of the piece is not as important as the 
emotions that the composition conveys. By 
combining Gershwin with Beethoven. and 
Mozart with Scriabin into one performance, 
Lytle explores a wide range of entiments 
revealed in the music. 

Whether Lytle is listening, practicing, or 
pelforming. he always feels a mystical 
power sweep over him. During live 
performance , he can ··fee I [the power 1 in 
the air - feel that the audience is with me: 
feel the audience breathe when I breathe." 

Every time Lytle plays a piece it is a 
different experience. "Although the song 
has been played a million times, there are 
always new things to discover; sonatas are 
not carved in slOne," he said. 

This sense of adventure pervades not 
only hi concen ,but his teaching as well. 

o matter if he is playing avant-garde jazz 
or classical art music, he wants to inspire 
others to feel the passion of the music. To 
have just one tudent appreciate the music, 
to say to him, " You have the power to 
perceive. the gift of al1,'· is exhi larating, ac-
cording to Lytle. 

What does it take to become a musician? 
For Lytle the most imponant aspect i that the 
a piring artist must have "a sense of mission, 
a sense of purpo e about his art." 

Lytle added that musician~ mu t realize 
that they have omething pecial to offer. 
They need to be accustomed to disappoint-
ment. as it become!> an impetus to di cover 
new technique and tyles, he aid. Vinuosos 
mu t becomfonable with them elve inorder 
to sit alone at a piano for 300 hours of practice 
before they can publicly perform a 20 minute 
piece. 

See LYTLE, Page 11 



10 FEATURES 

Voted ' ''''tostlng yogurt ov.,oIlln 1M GoIc:Mn tiong~' 
-Metropo~lan nlOQOZlI\e. June 1990 Yogurt Toste Tell 

• •• •••••••••••••••••• 

· 2 fo r 1 Buy a ny small, medium, IJ}"o' .' · I or large frozen yogurt or . . • 
• tce cream and gel one • 
• of equal or lesser value I 
• FREE. I 
• Hou~: • 
I La Jolla Colony 7770 Regent. Rd . • 108 (in the Von. Shoppln" Center) 11·1030 Sun .!hur. • 
I One coupon per customer Exp"8S 10/28/90 l1-llFrt. &. Sol • 
•• •• ••••• • •••• •• • • ••• ••••• • •• ••••••• 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISISI 

WE'VE GOT 
THE CURE! 

hper1 Packing Shipping Worldwide 
-------- ---, 

novelty items· gift wrapping ' balloons' greeting cards 
Large selection of gifl illll1. shipping boxes 

E~~ 4305::-Jolla Vi llage Drive, UTC M~ 
I ) (next to Carlos Murphy's) 

", 453-9993 
W. Ill' OPEN DAILY 

PSYCHOLOGY MAJ ORS 
INFORMATION MEETING 

FIND OUT ABOUT 

new major requirements 
new courses and changes in courses 

honors seminar & program 
graduate programs in psychology 

career OppOUftUnIlies 

WHEN: THURSDAY, OCTOBER 25TH AT 4:00 P.M. 
. 

WHERE. 1 I 10 MCGIU HAU (FORMERLY P&L) 

Includes Shampoo and quality hall'cut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra 
Full service pnces reg $21-$25 
Standby iares are subject to availability 
of srylis:s Tonsure faster service It s 
bes: to come or weekdays 

8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla , CA 
La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 
MEN -WOMEN 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 22, 1990 

The Nameless Pet 
It was an old Victorian, com-

plete with ancient plumbing, a 
lightly leaky roof, and an ugly, 

grey-shingled exterior - just what 
hi parents wanted. They loved 
Victorians, regardle s of their con-
dition. If it had a roof, four walls, 
and was in a plea ant enough area, 
they would take it. This piece of 
architecture met the first twO crite-
ria barely, but it pa ed the last one 
easily. It was in such an expensive 
neighborhood that it often caused 
passers-by to tum their heads in 
wondemlent at uch an anomaly. 

Some things - whether they be 
objects or people - have that cer-
tain innate quality to survive while 
things around them come crashing 
down. It was perhaps this trait that 
kept the old dwelling standing when 
its neighbors had long since met 
violent deaths. It was perhaps this 
quality that caused a certain tremor 
in its bowels when the Crenshaws 

invaded its sovereignty. 
On the first opportuni ty that arose, 

II -year-old Kevin Crenshaw 
searched the house top to bottom. 
He was met only by dust and the odd 
contrasti ng smell of some strong 
cleaning detergent; the result of some 
strategic cleaning on the part of the 
real-estate agency . It was an entirely 
unnecessary move. The parents of 

Kevin would purge this hou e of 
filth in their own methodical man· 
nero 

It was in the proce s of moving 
that their visitor came. The grey 
dog had come wandering up the 
path on the second day of the 
Crenshaw's crusade. Its dull grey 
coat and a certain languorous qual-
ity had allowed it to walk right up to 
the large front porch unnoticed. It 
was not until Kevin had practically 
stepped on it in an effort to see the 
expansive yard from yet another 
angle, thaI he first saw it. 

"Hi boyl Where'd you come 
from?" The infectious, enthusiastic 
toneofhis voice apparently did little 
to timulate the animal. It merely 
raised its head slightly and gave an 
almost imperceptible wag ofits tail. 
It was either quite sick or quite old. 

"What's wrong boy? You all 
right?" Kevin was unswerving in 

See PET, page 14 

The Answering Machine By C hristina H uizar a nd Jeffrey Yamaguchi 
Hi. This is Kelly. In the 
begmning there were 
two peopte. BUI before 
the beginning there were 

Uh ... Yeah ... Kelly,lhat 
grtenish colored sleeping ~~_VI"I 
bag wilh Ihe Ihi neen kinks 
you special ordered is in. 
Come pick it up. cau:rpillars. 

Collegiate Crossword 

~ Edward JulirJS Colleg i ate CW8702 

ACROSS 37 Type of oosic 
38 Doesn' teat 

1 Movie mogul 39 The Sunflower State 
Marcus ---- 40 Part of AP8. to 

5 Heroic tale police 
9 Song syll ab le 41 All-too common 

12 The state of being excuse (2 wds.) 
undamaged 43 Short opera so lo 

. 15 Pal 47 Grotto 
16 Its capital is 48 Part of the hand 

Dacca 50 Made do 
17 Nobe 1 chem; s t 51 Prevent s 
18 The art of pu tt ing 52 - Alte 

on plays 53 U.S. cari caturis t 
19 Pearson and Maddox 54 Farm s tor age place 
21 - Vegas 
22 Drink to excess 
23 Horatio - DOWN 

10 Regret fu lone 
11 Irving and 

Vanderbil t 
13 Acquit 
14 "The Lo~d is My 

15 Veal -
20 Extends acros s 
22 Turki c tribesmen 
23 Hr . Guinness 
24 Spa nish for wolf 
25 Retrace (3 wd S.) 
26 Disproof 
28 Ends, as a 

broadcast (2 wds.) 
7.9 Like Fel hUnger 
30 Corn quantity 
32 Hurt or cheated 

26 "SISti ne Madonna" 1 Conservat ives' 35 Glided 
painter 

27 Screenwriter Anita 
28 Chain style 
31 Decline 
32 Devices for re-
, fining flour 
33 Teachers organi-

zation 
34 Shore protectors 

(2 wds.) 
36 Machine part 

foes, for shOr t 36 l.ead mi nera 1 s 
2 Go - length 38 Coquette 

(ramble) 40 Take - (pause) 
3 Famous vol cano 41 Finished a cake 
4 Moves jerkily 42 football trick 
5 Holl ywood populace 43 "Rock of -" 
6 Go 1 f~r North or Bean 44 Ank 1 ebones 
7 "Golly" 45 Wor~ with soil 
8 - as an eel 46 Too 
9 Size of some 49 New Oeal - or gun 

want-ads (2 wds . ) organization 
Answers on page 18 

Monday, October 22, 1990 T he UCSD Guard ian 

Jenny VannlGuardian 
Cecil Lytle plays the piano during a concert at the Price Center Plaza last week. 

LYTLE 
Continued from page 9 

Then, if they have talent. the 
only advice Lytle otTers is practice 
and listening. 

,,[During a perfor-
mance, I] feel [a mys-
tical power] in the air 
- feel that the audi-
ence is with me : feel 
the audience breath 
when I breathe ." 

- Cecil Lytle, 
Third College Provost 

The abi lity to listen is crucial for 
mUSicians. To listen. Lytle ex-
plained. is ro perceive "the vision." 

"The mission, for everybody, is 
a contriburor to the power of crc-
ativity," Lytle said. 

Yet, listening I ~ nOl only essen-
tial to Lytle the artist. but to Lytle 
the provost and teacher. also. "Music 
has helped a lot. It taught me to stick 
my antennae out, to take in all of the 
experiences, and not to see rhirtgs 
only in the way everybody else 
does," 

If we really listen, we can feel the 

FEATURES 11 

power of music. according to Lytle. 
Music tran ports him to anOlher 
world. From the Bea tles to Chuck 
Barry. from Miles Davis to 
Bern5tein. music abounds in ardor 
- tear~. anger. tranquility . fire. A~ 
Irving Berlin wrote. "Say lt With 
Music," And that i~ exactly what 
Lyt le i~ doing. 

Jenny Vanni Guardian 
Cecil Lytle stands as audience 
applauds his performance. 

WILSON: Research on Ants Earns Recognition for Scientist 
ContInued from page 9 
President Bush at the White House, 
in Washington, D.C. 

behavior in animals has a strong 
genetic basis, and propo ed that 
some human behavior, including 
success in life, and gender division 
oflabor, might be 

struction of his environment. 
In contrast to those scientists who 

advocate sett ing aside tracts of na-
lUre for preservation, Wilson be-

Winning the Roger R. Revelle 
Medal was a "tremendous honor." 
Wilson said. "I knew Revelle at 
Harvard, and worked with him ... . 

He and I received 

University of Michigan. and Ber-
kely" in this respect. 

Wilson's work with ants led him 
to an understanding of the 
interconnectedness of all forms of 
life, "If ants were to disappear, then 
you would probably have an eco-
logical disaster on your hands," 
Wilson said. 

By weight, the ants represent 
about 15 percent of all animal life on 
earth. According to Wilson, they 
perform many essential functions, 
from nourishing plants, to c.:lntrol-
ling the populations of other insects, 
and turning the soil. 

related to genetic 
factors. 

In 1977, Wil-
son won the Na-
tional Medal of 
Science, and in 
1979, he won the 
Pulitzer Prize for 
his book, On Hu-

"The medal recognizes that part of my 
own effort in the urgent, current issue of 
declining biodiversity.... It's nice to have 
attention paid to the kind of reseach done in 
the [San Diego Natural History] museum." 

the Pylar Prize in 
Ecology in 1984." 

"The [Revelle 1 
medal recognizes 
that part of my 
own effort in the 
urgent, current is-
sue of declining 
biodiver sity ," 
Wilson said . 
" [The medal] al-

Wilson stre sed that "the career 
opportunities in the environment. 
particularly biodiversity studies, are 
considerable for those who wish to 
dedicate themselves to it." 

In spite of his diverse tudie , 
ants remain Wilson's focus. This 
summer, a book entitled. The AllfS, 
which he co-wrote wi th Bert Holl-
dobler, was released to rave scien-
tific reviews. 

man Nature. 
Additional! y, 

Wilson "has been 

- Edward O. Wilson, 
Authority on ants and Pulitzer Prize Winner 

Wilson likens ants, creatures 
whom he believes are the evolution-
ary culmination of insects, to the 
evolutionary culminat ion of verte-
brates - humans . Years of study led Wilson to 

identify the chemical nature of the 
substances that govern ant behavior, 
and this in tum gave him the basis 
for his theories on social behavior. 

In 1975, Wilson published So-
ciobiology: The New Synthesis, a 
highly acclaimed and stiLI-debated 
book, in which he argued that social 

at the forefront of the decline of 
biodiversity," Pregill said. 

Wilson has been a staunch con-
servationist since viewing firs t-hand 
the destruction of tropical forests in 
South America. He has become an 
expert on thedecline ofhiodi versity, 
a mass destruction of species di-
rectly attributable to mankind's de-

lieves hwnans should seek to to find 
ways for people to earn a living 
from the ecosystem. 

While he is optimistic that the 
world's forests will indeed be saved, 
Wilson fears that half the forested 
lands and a quarter of the world's 
species will vanish before this hap-
pens. 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

e Pregnancy Termination 
e General or Local A nesthesia 
e Low Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conceprion) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
e Student Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

Q';r;t . 
tiI.iJI.jJ a choicf' 

... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

ludes to something 
contemporary that needs anention .... 
It 'sniceto have attention paid to the 
kind of research done in the mu-
seum. 

"Students at UCSD are fortunate 
to have a major museum [the San 
Diego Natural History Museum) 
nearby ," Wilson said, ranking 
UCSD with "Yale, Harvard, the 

So, the next time you put off 
those dirty dishes one day too long, 
only to find the kitchen counter aI ive 
with hordes of ants, take some time 
before you reach for the Raid to 
stare a while -the pesky creatures 
may be c1oserto us than we'd like to 
think. 

..--.--.. -.. --~-.-. 
: When You rAJ ~ ~, \' ~ 
• Buy Any 11\ 
• • i PIZZA ~~~. , i 
: PASTA or ~rJiI - : 
• • : SANDWICH, : 
: We 'll give you oup or salad : 
• and a beverage • 

(wine & beer included) : As usual 
,_ .. CAMPtlS 

DlUvr.Y 
JO YOU. DO('-

• 

• 

H_ ... : 
M-Th Ilom·Mic 
F.SoI. 110m· I"" 
Sun. 11 :30am·Mid 

F RE E ! (save up to 3.30) 
I)ml.'·1 11 (l1ll\ tor rill ... "'1X.·~I~III)nl..' r 
1'11..'.1"'" pn.:'cnt ' '-(JUrl'llll \\ h""11 utd~flng F_,plr ... -s 11 2J 9U 

8873 Villa LaJoUa Dr. L{I./ J/':I I il/a,lW Celller 
455·0662 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• 
.. -

I 'e D,~ or /g il/a/ P/::::I'J'/{/ is '1,/11/;1' bl'sl' • 
.. _ .. __ . __ ._-_._. 



TS & ENTERTAINMENT 
12 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT Monday, October 22, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Nice Guys Don't Always Finish Last 
.Comedian Jake Johannsen Combines a Sense of Humor With a Sense of Decorum 

By Lara Heisler 
Associate A & E Editor 

Comedian Bobby Sla) ton often ~ay\ in hi~ stand up 
routine, "If you can't laugh at yourself, make fun of other 
people." Slayton' s words ring true for the bulk of what many 
comics joke about. and what many audien es laugh at. 1(, 
ea y and almost always a sure crowd pleaser to make fun of 
other people. But there's more than one way to get a laugh. 
If you're in the mood for some comedy that is di tinctly 
original, frequently thought-provoking, and always funny, 
Jake Johannsen is the comic for you. 

In a recent phone interview, Johann ' en spoke with Hia-

tu in a laid-back, friendly, and witty manner. His attitude 
is consistent with his stage persona. During his act, 
Johannsen' appeal largely comes from his ability to focus 
in on life's little idiosyncrasies, and his gift as an engaging 
storyteller. Throughout the interview, Johann en talked a 
little about himself and a lot about the state of comedy 
today. 

Originally from Iowa, Johannsen deliberated about 
becoming a comic. "I was gonna be a chemical engineer 
when 1 wa in college. I ended up kinda changing to 
advenising, and eventually to comedy," he revealed. 

Johannsen spent three years at Iowa State University, 

and had mixed feelings about the experience. "Parts of [college] 
I really liked, but I couldn't all the way get a handle on what was 
going on. It seemed fru trating that there were a lot of required 
classes that weren ' t really any good because they were required, 
so everybody 's gotta take them so nobody gave a shit about them, 
including the people who were teaching them." 

Johannsen acknowledged, "The times when I was taking a 
cia s and I was interested in it and all the people in the class were 
really interested in it, and that's why we' re taking it, those were 
great!" Johann en's decision to become a comic make sen e in 
light of his feelings about doing what he's interested in. Clearly, 
during his perfonnances he doesn't just give his audience a good 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~, tim~bmhe~~~emsrobee~o~nghlmsclt 

After leaving Iowa, Johannsen travelled to San 

Mere Uptergrove' Guardian 

Francisco, where in 1986 he won the II th Annu~ 
SF Stand up Comedy Competition. Johannsen wryly 
described what drew him to San Francisco. 

"I had this crazy friend who went there to do 
stand up, and he knew about the Holy City Zoo. The 
plan was for him to go out first, and I was going to 
come out three months later, but he tlaked out," 
Johannsen explained. 

"I had already put the wheels in motion," he 
continued, "so I had to go by myself, and that's 
kinda what drew me there." Johannsen was able to 
manage pretty well on his own. 

He related, "San Francisco, in 1982, was a re~ly 
great place to get a start in standup. It wasn't like 
everybody was trying to get into [comedy) so the 
people who really wanted to do it could get stage 
time and there were a lot of open mikes." 

"It seemed like - in the city, anyway - there 
were a lot of people like Jeremy Kramer, Stephen 
Pearl, Paula Poundstone, who were up there doing 
unique stuff, which sorta had an influence on people 
that were starting out." 

Although Johannsen picked the right town to get 
started in, during his travels as a comic, he encoun-
tered some towns that were challenging. Johannsen 
recounted his touring horror story. 

" For our 1st show in Canada we arrived late so 
we had to go on after the band had ~ready played 
their first set, and it was some kind of heavy metal 
acid kinda band in this barn place way in the middle 
of nowhere. 

" It was a nightmare. There were people in the 
audience who had been in a logging camp for nine 
or ten days and everybody had a moustache. All 
these logging guys were drinking these drinks that 
you light on fire- without blowing them out. it was 
kinda cary, cuz of their mustaches and all. But they 
just opened their mouths re~ wide and poured them 
in. And the whole time during the show, there were 
people yelling at you, but you know, you just go 
ahead," he concluded. 

Johannsen is now living in L.A., battling traffic, 
smog, and " Hollywood types". He spoke of the 
differences between the L.A. and the Bay Area. 
"There's more workup in the Bay Area. Down here, 
most of the clubs are showcases, [partially because] 
a lot of comics need to be seen where there is a T.V. 

or movie person in the audience who is casting." 
Johannsen continued, "[This et-up] put a lot of pressure on the 

whole thing for everybody to try to impress whoever's in the crowd 
instead of trying to write new material or do something different or 
weird-theemphas i used to beon that when I was in San Francisco 
-but, thelehas always been this attitude of'getthe laugh and who 
cares' out on the road," he concluded. 

Johannsen himself has had a ta te of Hollywood. [n 1987, 
Johansen madehis acting debut in the movie "Casual Sex?". 

"r was in it. But I got edited out. Yeah." He paused for a moment 
and continued, "I never even saw it, kind of a grudge thing. But I'm 
"<~II interested in getting into acting a little bit,"Johannsen sheepishly 
admitted 

Another grudge Johannsen holds is one against the current 
problems with censorship in the media. In a discussion about 
. lean" comedy versus "vulgar" (i.e. Andrew Dice Clay, Eddie 

urphy) comedy, Johannsen expressed his disi llusionment. "You 
know," he sighed, "I'm a little disappointed in a couple of things. 
First of all, that the whole issue of freedom of speech even gets 
dragged into [comedy ]-that's ridiculous. [think that all these guys 
have a right - and should have a right - to get up on stage and do 
their act and what they want to do. 

"Second of all, I'm a little disappointed sometimes thatthe media 
runs around trying to get everyone else' s opinion about it when, hey, 
the critics should be talking about it." 

Johannsen became more adamant as he spoke, " I mean, I don ' t 
want to name names, but in some cases, I think [critics] can say, 
' Hey, what this guy said is racist, ~xist and homophobic.' And 
that's not opinion. That is fact. It's just a true thing to say some of 

the~ things." . 
He continued, his voice expressing sorrow, "It's my opinion that 

those are not ideas that I agree with. I think those are ugly, ugly ideas, 
and that it's sad sometimes the way that an audience responds to 
them in a way that is not laughing at the parody of a person who 
would say those things, but in fact kind of being rooted on by a leader 
as, 'Oh, his is the way we all should think. ' And that to me is the 
scariest thing. And I'm really surprised that no critic has stood up 
and said, ' Oh hey, this is what's happening, and I'm not trying to 
censor it, but this is scary!'" 

Clearly, Johannsen is a comic with a conscience. A perfonner 
who i first and foremost a nice guy, he inspires both admiration and 
respect in his audience. Seeing him perform live is an entirely 
pleasant experience. 

Unlike some comedians, with Johannsen you don't need to 
tremble if you are seated in the first row. Odds are, he isn't going to 
hwniliate you in sucha way that you will never be able to show your 
face again in public. Johannsen is tasteful - he doesn't rely on 
"making fun of other people" to get a response. While laughing at 
Johannsen's clever materi~ and engaging delivery, you get the 
sense that he would be really fun to have had as a classmate-even 
in a required class. 

Who: Jake Johannsen and Jeff Marder 
When: Oct. 23 at 8 p.m. 
Where: Mandevil1e Auditorium 
Admission: $7.00. Tickets available at 

the UCSD Box Office 

............ Trophy's Restaurant A Hit Above The Rest ............. . 
By Amy Knoke and Leigh-Ann Collins 
Staff Wmers 

If you're torn between watching the seasonal porting 
event and being social, Trophy'~, San Diego's new ath-
letically-oriented re~taurant, is a good comprombe. Once 
there, you'll be a~~ured a great view of the game from any 

~eat in the house. 
Trophy's is a definite hit above your average ~port~ bar. 

Each table IS positioned toenwre that you are in viewofone 
of the 24 teh:vision ~et~. The owner~ have created a comfort-
able atmosphere for both pons and food enthusiaMs alike. 
Conveniently, on mo~t night~ , the volume is turned down. 
However, the Superbowl , the World Serie~ , ti tl e fight~, and 
other crucial sporting event ~ are televi~ed with the volume 
cranked up to produce an exciting arena atmo phere. 

Trophy's is designed to make the panicipants feel like 

they are 111 their own living rooms. The booths are wide and 
cozy, and the light fixtures are set at just the right intensity : 
bnght enough to read the menus, yet dim enough to accen-
tuate the bright T.V. images. 

Throughout the restaurant stand glass cases containing 
sporting memorabilia, equipment, autographed items, and 
newspaper clippings. True to its name, trophies from the 
pri vate collections of many athletes and trophies on loan 
from the sport s mu eum in Balboa Park are on prominent 
dbplay. 

The concept of Trophy's is unique, but to combine a 
~ pel:tal:le for the eye with a fea t for the palate is an 
adventure. Like a pitcher stretching his arms before the 
game, we warmed our appetites with empanada~ ( 4.25), 
pizza dough turnovers filled with tender blackened chicken, 
chee~e, and mild chilb. The two pockets were tasty, but 

small - barely enough to satisfy three people. After the "hot" 
appetizers, we coo led down with Trophy 's Caesar Salad. The 
portion served was huge and the taste, excellent. 

The dinner selections are diverse, and even the pickiest eater is 
bound to find something to their liking. We ordered Carne Asada 
($7.95), the California wood-fired pizza ($7.50), the Calamari 
sandwi h ($5.95), a nd an enormous Avocado Burger ($6.25). 

The came;: asada was not your typical EI Tori to type meal. It wa 
genuine south-of-the-bordercuisine. The tender steak was mesquite-
grilled , and served with ~aba. wann tortillas , ril:e, and black beans. 
The crust of the a lifomia pizza wa~ another winner. Th in, flaky, 
and crispy, the crust was excellel1l . Topped with jack cheese, 
mushrooms, olives , tomatoes and avocado, it is Ihe triple play f 

pizza~. Of cour~e, if you're look ing for a big, juil:y burger to sink 
your teeth into, then you've found the right place. 

If a huge meal is not in your COl1lmct , you c uld alway opt for 

onc of their desserts or a drink at the bar. The Key Lime Pie is just 
the perfec t combination of weet and sour to bring a great meal to a 
refreshi ng end. 

Although the bar area is in itself a whole new experience, the 
prices are a bit out of the league for the average college student. 
In Lead of doling out $3.75 for a I O-ounce draft beer, pick up a six-
pack ot Heineken to have with the game at home. 

General Manager David McGee told us that "Trophy 's goal is to 
prOvide a variety of specialty items at a moderate price." With over 
60 l1lenu items to choo e from , there i no way you can trike OLl!. 
With su rpri singly efficient service.on a Friday night , delivered by a 
~talf appropr;ately dressed in athl etic unifonns, it is diffic ult to 
imagim: having a boring evening. 

Rube your gla ~e , San Diego, Trophy's provides an exci ting 
dini ng cxperien c, and YOll don ' t have to sacrifice seeing a great 
game while you're out eating a great meal. 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 13 

Jennifer Kotsky I Guardian 
Bad Manners ' lead singer Buster Bloodvessel strutted his stuff onstage last Friday at the Price Center. 

Bad Manners - Worse Atmosphere 
By Phil Ireland 
Staff Writer 

"Hey, do you know where the ballroom is?", I was asked by a band of roving seekers. "Yes," I replied, "It' s ju t 
upthestreet,youcan'tmiss it."Lookingback now I wished I had missed it. The Skatalites and Bad Manners appeared 
at the UCSD's Price Center B~lroom Friday night. Music wasn ' t the problem. It was the Ballroom itself (hereafter 
referred to as the BIG BM). 

I'll give you a hint: What do the Grand Canyon, Ice T's reverb box and the BIG BM have in common? Each is 
an echo chamber! Swiss yodelers are the only entities that could be happy with this venue. At the end of the show 
I went out into the lobby and listened to the last twenty minutes again. AMES ought to be called in to study the effects 
of the echo on structu~ building materials. Who knows, maybe the regents designed it that way to discourage "that 
unwholesome rock music". Or maybe it was Sol Price's design. One utterance in this cave continues on for a 
millennium. PRICE ... PRiCe .... PRice ...... PRice ...... Price ..... ... price ......... . 

The Skat~ites opened up with a big fistful of Ska, the rnusic~ precursor to Reggae. Ska has a much faster tempo 
than Reggae and shares the second and forth beat emphasis that defines these mu ical forms. This empha i gives 
the music a rolling circular sense that is pleasing to the ear and imminently danceable. And dance they did. One coulJ 
feel the floor rise and f~1 with the beat. A core of bobbing heads thirty feet across was ringed by a slam-dancing 
fringe. The dance itself looked like a post-Armageddon Jane Fonda workout sans stretch nylon or like an 
advertisement for Schwarzenegger 's Running Man. What a workout! 

Security was as much an event Friday night as the music itself. Admittance into the BIG BM wa administered 
by running a gauntlet of three teams of security. The first team swept each entrant with a GARRETT metal detector 
that looked like a new age paddle and, like its precursors, was designed to keep the naughty at bay. Next came the 
bag and pocket checkers - very courteous and perceptive - followed by the ticket taker. Whew! Inside, teams of 
security were highly visible in addition to an auspicious older man looking a lot like undercover. When asked if 
trouble was anticipated one guard-who wished to remain anonymous - replied, "We want to be prepared." Those 
security types are ~ways so cryptic. 

Fashion was dark and very mod. The garish fifties paisley prints and patterned fifth grade dresses were the vogue 
Friday night. Replete with black or lime nylons these girls were primped. The theme color for the evening was a dark 
shade of black that contrasted nicely with pasty white skin and deep purple eye shadow. Elvira ought to be shot for 
her part in that fashion trend. Fruit analogies and imagination are required to convey a picture of the hair colors 
available for viewing: raspberry, lime, overripe orange. Footwear ran the gamut from Vans to Doc Martins and 
anything pointy, patent leather or what else? Black. They say you put a bigger foundation under a church than you 
do an outhouse. Doc Martins sure prove at least some axioms of that law. 

Bad Manners made the stage at about 10 p.m. Leading off with tune called "Just a Feeling", the debilities of the 
BIG BM became painfully apparent. I don 't know ifit is to the credit ofaxophonist or the fault of the BIG BM but 
I heard some bass notes my dog couldn't hear. Bodies were passed around the top of the crowd to the 
indistinguishable drum noise pulsing through !he BIG BM to the tune ''I'll Always be a Fatty Fatty". The lead inger, 
Buster Bloodvessel, sporting his thirteen inch tongue, had the appearance of an escaped ax murderer posing as a 
sumo wrestler/musician. "Fatty Fatty" (the song) led into "Sally Brown" and from there to "Rock Steady", the name 
of the tune and ~so the tag for the transitional musical form from Ska to Reggae. "Rock Steady" egued into 
"Everything is Gonna Be Alright" and that into "Phoenix City", a tune with a sort of running rumba beat that had 
the floor beating a cadence. A short little number called " It 's Been a Ball", played with a sense of urgency, opened 
with a notable blues horn forward. Other notables were "Wet Dreams", a raucous number that had the thrashers doing 
their thing and "S uicide", a thumping song that seemed to shake people through the crowd like and through an 
hourglass . In the mid t of this flinging frenzy I was driven to the lobby by the reverb. 

In all the night was a bust primarily due to the echo fa tor. It i regrettable lhat the BIG BM could not have been 
designed wilh more acoustical care. It would be an asset to UCSD to have a venue capable of att racting and 
supporting class acts. Unfortunately it ain't and we don'r. 

Jennifer I\olsky I Guardiar 
"1'1/ Always Be a Fatty Fatty" Buster Bloodvesse/ crooned aptly to his motley audience. 



14 FEATURES T he UC D Guardian Monday, O ctober 22, 1990 

PET: Strange Things Occur When an Unexpected Visitor ~rrives 
Continued from page 10 Kcvlll had promised more work and come-to-thc-neighborhood party. runs. The parent-free anarchy that mct a v ~o lent death. . 
his desire to make the dog somehow less talk. Mr. Crenshaw agreed to The Cren~haws were. of cour~e, t he reigned in the o ld h use allowed KevlIl tood lip and stretched. 
happy and welcome. put the dog lip - temporanly of gue,t, of honor. Kevin . after onl a Ke\ in unlimited television. frozen For no particular reason he t u~ed 

"Ke\ in. com on. \\c ~till have course. Thb humane a ,t did little to little PCI ua~ion. \\ a, on hi own. pizza, and ice cream. Now, hour, down the so~nd on the teleV ISion. 
some things to move." Mr. ren- excite the cur. For three dil) s it had "It 's nothing 1 can't handle," later, their ratherunmtrac tive quali- Silen e. Kevll1 h~d hal .rexl~cte~ to 
shaw had failed to notice the visitor remained IIllh somcwhat lethargIC Kevin renshawfelt. " lsn'tthat right ties began to emerge. Kevll1's hear hiS mother S vUlce scoldlllg 
111 his eagemes~ to tran~foml hb state, oblivlou. of its surrounding or boy?" Kevin glanced over to his tomach wa now the proud propri- him for sti ll being up. He wo uld 
new home. its ho ts. Kevlll continued to try to new dog for con fi rmat ion. It merely etar of a dull ache. I lis eyes were have welcomed It. It w4s then that 

··Dad. we got a losl dog here. or enliven it while the elderCrenshaws stared back with du ll grey eyes. gradually beginning to protest be- Kevin reail7rd he hadn't scen hiS 
I:'~ sick or ,omething . 1 ju,t can 't ~ecretly hoped II would either wan- Early evenlllg fe-runs soon gave ing subje ted to yet another painful namele s pet all evening. 
Ignore it." der away or die. way to top-rated Neil on hit ~, t'o l- program. The nine-thirty bedtime • Doggy?" Kevin said it much 

Afteronly a bnel argument. when On Friday night there was a wel- lowed, of course, by lateevenillg re- posted by Ius parents had long since too softly forit to possibly hear. Yet 

Want to Know Where 
Your Liberal Arts Degree 

Can Lead? 
Your bachelor 's degree , combined with a Master's from the Annenberg Sc~ool 
for ommunication , can take you into a management career in mass medIa , 

telecommunications , public policy, corporate communication, and more. 

Here's what some recent graduates of Annenberg's M.A. program are doing : 

Paramount Pictures Goldman, Sachs & Co. 
Vice-President, TV Programming Senior Telecommunications Analyst 

Walt Disney Co. 
Analyst , International TV Marketing 

MGM /UA 
Director, European Sales & Marketing 
International Home Video 

]. Walter Thompson 
Sr. Account Executive 

Price Waterhouse 
Senior Telecommunications Consultant 

Abbeville Press 
New Projects Editor 
Warner Bros. Records 
Coordinator, International Publicity 

Black Entertainment Television 
Director of Operations and 

Business Development 

The Learning Channel 
Vice President, 

Affiliate Sales & Marketing 
National Cable TV Association 
Director, State & Local 

Regulatory Issues 

Tribune Broadcasting 
Strategic Planning Analyst 

Pacific Telesis 
Director, Strategic Analysis 

Federal Corrununications Commission 
Analyst, Legal Affairs 

Capital Citiesl ABC 
Research Manager 

American Diabetes Association 
Public Affairs Director 

Your graduate education at the Annenberg School, USC, incJupes a choice among 30 seminars in 
conununications management . Here are some offerings that serve different career interests : 

Law and Public Policy; International Communications; Communications 
Technologies; Diffusion of Innovations; Communication in Organizations; 
Business Strategies of Communication Industries; Media in ~ocial Services~ . 
Arts and the New Media; Communication Research; Economics of CommuOlcation. 

Scores of other courses throughout the University can also be used in completing your seven-course 
program. 

Los Angeles is a world capital of communications; Annenberg's Career Deve.lopm~nt Offic~ helps 
you get internships for on-the-job learning. Supervised internships are also avaIlable m Washmgton, 
D.C . Extensive alumni network works in behalf of graduates . 
••••• ••• •••••. ................ ~ ••••••••••..••....•..•••••.•.••........•...........•...............••••••••••.............•••.. 

Please send me more information . 

Nrume __________________________________________________________ _ 

Ad~ess ________________________________________________________ __ 

City/State/Zip _______________________________________ . ________ _ 

Currently Attending 

MAlL TO: The Anne nherg School for ommunication 
3502 outh Hoover Street , niversity of Southern Cahforrua, Los Angeles, Cali fornia 90089-0281 

hed id not want to break o ut in a call 
quite yet; it didn't seelll proper. 
Kevin wiped his mouth with 
cornchip-encrusted fingers and 
swallowed. Where could his par-
ents be? He was tempted to call 
them at the number they left; 
however, he didn 't want to appear 
to be surrenderi ng his f reedom too 

"Kevin waited for 
confirmation of what he 
knew must be on the 
other side. There was 
no reply to his call. Only 
a deeper, more delib-
erate rake near the 
bottom of the door." 

easily. 
He approached the door to the 

room. He always kept it closed to 
gi ve his full concentration to the 
television and stifle the sound of it 
from his parents. The door itself 
was large and thick with an ugly 
black doork..lob. For a moment he 
hesitated. It was then that he heard 
the scratch. It had heard him. 
"Doggy?" Kevin waited for confir-
mation of what he knew must be on 
the other side. There was no reply 
to his call. Only a deeper, more 
deliberate rake near the bottom of 
the door. 

"Doggy? That you? Don ' t 
scratch the door like that! Dad will 
throw you out for sure!" What was 
intended to be a verbal rebuke in-
stead resembled a plea. It was then 
that Kevin noticed the door actu-
ally tremble beneath the next scrape. 
A long, slow, deliberate assault 
upon old wood. 

" Doggy ?" Kevin' s voice 
cracked as he attempted to raise its 
volume. The sound outside came to 
a halt. 

A minute passed. Two minutes. 
The television continued its sound-
less antics despite its lack of an 
audience. Kevin raised his hand 
and let it rest on the doorknob. 
Trembling fingers enclosed with 
considerable difficulty the large 
handle. A twist opened the ponal 
- to emptiness. "Doggy, where 
are you?" Kevin looked into an 
empty hallway and then g lanced to 
the bottom of the door. A wide gash 
was present that dug an inch and a 
half deep into the thick door. II 
resembled something that was vic-
timized by a slllull explosion. A 
short expletive escaped Kevin' s 
lip , he involun tarily began to 
breathe faster. 

He never imagined the dog had 
the power, much less the energy, to 
a compli ,hsuch a feat. It had never 
5hown the inclination to come into 
the room anyway, even with Kevin 
prac tically pushing it. Kevin wanted 
a phone now, badly. However in 
his fri ghtened state he had trouble 
r memberinl' where it was. 

See PET, page 18 

Ii 

Monday, October 22,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

TREES: Academic Senate Endorses 
Plan to Preserve Eucalyptus Groves 
Continued from page 1 
must rely on fundraising and dona-
tions. 

Edson said he is currently look-
ing into a number of sources for 
s uch donations and hopes to 
implement a scheme where, with 
the he1pand supervision of Physical 
Plant Services, student vol unteers 
will become physically involved in 
the project by participat ing in ac-
tivities such as digging irrigation 
trenches. He also hopes that campus 
groups such as greeks will belp out. 

"If all goes well , the plan should 
leave an existing legacy andachance 
for us all to become physically in-
volved and do something," he said. 

During the first year of Ed on's 
plan, the target is to preserve exist-
ing trees. After this is accompl ished, 
there will bedifferenr projects every 
year. 

The Park Committee is now 
hiring technical consultants to de-
termine what type of watering sys-
tem should be implemented. Edson 
personally feels that some kind of 
underground watering system may 
be necessary rather than the present 
prinkler system. 

"The trees may need new types 
of watering systems - surface wa-
tering may not be the best," he said. 

Edson said that " the biggest 
challenge will be to raise money for 
this equipment." 

If all goes as planned, however, 
the committee hopes to have a new 
system in operation by Earth Day, 
April 22, 1991. 

Guardtan File Photo 
The talking trees in the Stuart col/ection have not been affected by 
the drought, or by borer bugs. 

Edson described himself as "very 
excited" about the project and added 
that " the administration and faculty 
are also excited and will he lp with 

the planning." 
Jenkinson emphasized that the 

committee fully baeks Edson's pro-
posal and that they find it very en-
couraging. 

Stretch Your ~ind. 
The UCSD 

Meanwhile, the message being 
sent to students by Edson and the 
Park Committee is to stay on the 
designated footpaths and get in-
volved once the project begins. 

Read The Guardian. 
First there was ... . 

INTERNSHIP 
Now here comes ... 

SON OF INTERNSHIPI 
STARRING 

Local Professional Journalist And His Pal 

SETH SLATER • DAVE WYNER 
THE GlIARDIAN INTERNSHIP CONTINlIES. 

TONIGHT AT 7 P.M. 
GALBRAITH HALL, ROOM 1116 

Be There. 

Fact .. .(},ter 55 Califotnia students managed their own Qjsinesses last summer 
Fact ... Their average earnings lor the summer of 1990 were $1 0,700 
Fact ... They continued to prove a cfecade.1ong !rock record in Qjsiness 
Fact ... These students all managed with Student Painters am gained valuable 
management expertise 
Fact ... M)sI territories wiU be filled by the end of NovcrrtJer 
Management Nr1ng now taking place lor the summer oj 1991 

HAIR DESIGNS 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Ned to Vons) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Next to Plua Hut) 566-6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURIST AVAILABLE 

NEWS 15 

UCSD ICE HOCKEY 
YOU'VE HEARD THE RUMORS ••• 

AND NOW IT'S TRUE ••• 
The UCSD Ice Hockey team opens up its hard-hitting, 

fast paced season against cross town rival SDSU] 
Who says UCSD needs a football team? 

Come check us out] 

UCSD vs. SDSU 
Date: Tuesday, October 30, 1990 

Time: 10:30 p.m. 
Location: San Diego Sports Arena 

Admission: FREEl (gates open at 10: 15 p.m.) 

Get behind the Tritons for 1990-1991 ] Full contact ice 
hockey has finally come to UCSD! Make it an evening of 
ice hockey. Come see the San Diego Gulls ploy at 7:35 
p.m. and UCSD at 10:30 p.m. 
Get group rates on Gulls tickets. Order tickets by Thursday 10/25 at 
Campus Recreation or at our table in the Price Center. The Sports 
Arena redquires valid ID for alcohol consumption . 

I 

Every Monday Night 

FOOTBALL 
Price Center Gameroom 

Time: 6:00 pm 
Place: T. V. Lounge 

Showing on a 46" SONY 
Guess the score and win a Compact Disc 

Free SMARTFOOD Popcorn 
Sponsored by 

• '.' ~ .. ' ..... "T'OO O 



AS MEETING 
Every Wednesday at 6:30 pm 
Price Center • Third Floor · Conf. Rm . 

All students are invited to attend 

TGIF 
Jellyfish 
October 26. 4:30 pm 
FREE! 

PUB SHOWCASE 
Vladimir Kusmin 
October 26, 8:00 pm 
Triton Pub 

CONCERT 
Scatterbrain 
October 27 ,8:00 pm 
Triton Pub 

THE COOK, THE THIEF, HIS WIFE, 
& HER LOVER 

October 25,6:30,9:00, 11:30 pm 
Price Center Theatre 
Only $1.00 , Students, Faculty. and Staff. 

UCSD INTERNATIONAL CLUB 
Halloween Party 
October 27,8:30 - Midnight 
International Center 
$3.00 at the door. 

BALLROOM DANCE CLUB 
Patti Wells and the Jitterbug host a Masquerade Ball. 
Sunday, October 28, 7:00 - 9:30 pm 
Price Center Ballroom 
Tickets $5 / $2.50 faculty, slaff, students of UCSD. Tickets 

sold 6:30 - 8:30 pm night of event at UCSD Box Office. 
Special Engagement!!! Costume Optional. 

AMERICAN JAPANESE CROSS· 
CULTURAL SOCIETY 

Ku/'osawa Week, a week long series of films directed by the 
world reknown Akira Kurosawa. 

Monday, October 22 - Throne of Blood 
Tuesday, October 23 - Yojimbo 
Wednesday, October 24 - Seven Samurai :I< 
Thursday, October 25 - Kagemusha :I< 
Friday, October 26 - Rashamon 
All held in the Price enter Theatre except the (*), which 

will be in Peterson Hall 110. All howings will begin at 7:00 pm 
and admi ' 'ion is FREE. 

WOMEN' RESOURCE CENTER 
Open House - "Celebration of Diver ity" 
Wednesday, October 24, 12:00 - 3:00 pm 
Price Center Plaza 

PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE 
MEETING 

Every Tuesday at 4:30 pm in the Price Center Conference Room 8. 
Come get involved in programming. 

A.S.I.O. 
Intership deadlines are October 26 for LA Times, NASA, IBM, 

Calif. Dept of Food and Agriculture, Genentech, plus more! For more 
information, call 534-4689 or visit 3rd floor Price Center. 

A.S.C.E. 
American Society of Civil Engineers. October 25, 6:00 - 7:00 pm, 

Berkley Room. Speaker: John Goodman of Hensel-Phelps Construction. 
FREE PIZZA! 

R.I.S.C. 
Come skiing with R.I.S.c. (Radically Inclined Ski Club) for 

Thanksgiving! Call 534-4482 for more information. 

TRI DELTA BENEFIT AUCTION 
All proceeds go to Children's Hospital 
• Tuesday, November 6 
• ] 2:00 - 1 :30 pm - Price Center Plaza (or small Ballroom in event 
of rain) 

• Featuring 91X DJs Michael Berger, Jeff Prescott & Russ T. Nailz 
as auctioneers 

.Come bid on items and services such as dinners, movie passes 
tickets, and gift certificates. 

STUDENT REGENT APPLICATIONS 
Available now in the following offices: 
ASUCSD - Price Center 
College Deans' Office 
Chancellor's Office 
Graduate Student Association Office - Price Center 
Office of Graduate Studies and Research 
School of Medicine - Student Affairs Office 
Student Affirmative Action Office - Bldg B - Student Center 
Student Information (EDNA) - Price Center 
University Events & Student Activities - Price Center 

Applications are due in the Chancellor's Office no later than 
5:00 pm, Friday, November 2, 1990. 

L.G.B.A. 
Lesbian & Bisexual Women support group meets Wednesday, 

October 25 at Women's Resource Center. Gay & Bisexual Men support 
group meets Monday, October 22 at Third's Mountain View Lounge. 

S.W.E. 
Interviewing kills panel - Thursday, October 25, 7:00 - 8:30 pm at 

Price Center, Santa Cruz room. 
Watch Out! SWE i having a hot dog sale on Friday, October 26 

from 11 :00 am - 1 :00 pm at the Revelle Plaza. Come join us! 

1. - ---- --------------------, lAS NEWSFLASHES is produced by the A ociated I 
Student of UCSD. To have an advertisement placed in AS I 
NEWSFLASHES contact George Maurer (Public Relations I 
Commissioner) at 534-4450. Deadline is every Wednesday at noon. ! L ________________ _ ________ ~ 

Monday, October 22, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 17 

THE ONLY WAY FOR YOU TO GET READY FOR YOUR WEEKEND . 

• FEATURES • SPORTS • HiATUS 
• Close-up looks at UCSD. plus 'The Club • The FridaySports Wire con tains information 
Scene,' spotlighting a different UCSD about the weekend's UCSD sports action. ~~:.::~=~~ 
organization each week. .. 

• OPINION 
• An in-depth look at one subject each week, 
with dlffeflng points of view in addl/lon to 

~~~: 
__ ell. student views 

-... Allied Heallh 

~.. ~:~~:~~~~~:~ 
4¥:s:over a challenging ~ future with opportunities to 

advance. Serve your country 
while you serve your career with: 
• great pay and benefits 
• normal working hours 
• complete medical and dental 

care 
• 30 days vacation with pay per 

year 
Find out how to qualify as an Air 
Force professional. Call 

USAF HEALTH PROFESSIONS 
COLLECT (619) 292-8862 

Congratulations to the 
1990 Campus Fest 

Prize Winners! 
Trek 820 Mountain Bike 
Obsession Male Gift Basket 
Obsession Female Gift Basket 
Clorox: 1 case of product 

and $150.00 
Clorox: 1 case of product 

and $100.00 
Sunshine Biscuits Gift Basket 
Advent Speakers 
lynx System 
Extreme Headphone System 
Perry Ellis Jacket 
MClaim to Fame" Game 

Pioneer CD Samplers 

Details Fanny Pak 
Details Baseball Cap 

Jacob Waltz 
Mike Kaplen 
Tracie Okada 
Aaron lion 

Joseph Alabaeb 

Scott McNinch 
Gus A. Hsm 
John Truong 
Andrew Singson 
Tram Nguyen 
Peter N. Udovch 
Aaron Watanabe 
Joseph Alabach 
Jennifer lovie 
Karen Houston 
Ian Gini 
Anne Green 
Eric Vandydegraph 

To claim your prize call 534-READ 

• Quiche 

PIZZA AND PASTA CAFE 
COSTA VERDE CENTER. 8650 Genessee #312.455-5211 

"Best Pizza overall in the Golden Triangle" 
Metropolitan Magazine, Aplti11190 

Pizza by the Slice 
Pasta 
Lasagna 
Salads 
Desserts 

ttl Free Delivery 
ttl No Preservatives 
ttl Student Discounts 

PRESENT STUDENT I.D. FOR 10% DISCOUNT 
HoI valet wi1II-.y olher cbc:ount LiriIed deivery ;rea m lirres. MinmJm order required. 

--------------------I LARGE Oi Mattia's Pizza with Pepperoni, $999 I I Mushrooms, Olives, Green Peppers, & Onions I 
L Taka 0U1 Of cIaii¥rt. Must pr858nl a>upOn. Limsd Ilme offer. Not vaid WIth any _ cis<:oIf1l --~-----------------~ 

COFFEE Ii OU~ 
~ 

·Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads -'~D~~~~~~ \ . Gourmet Coffee 

:: , .J 

• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 
Need a Nice, Quiet Place To Study? 

How About Coming Over to Our House. 
OPEN 7 AM - 5 PM • 7 Days a Week • 481-8590 

1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

r·sar:·;;iiC;·.·-l 
• • • THAI GRILLED CHICKEN RESTAURANT • 
• • 
• • i $200 OFF i 
• • 
: ON ANY TWO CHICKEN COMBINATIONS : 
• Does not include dajy speaals. One CO\4lOfl per customer. Expres 11/S19O. • 

• • 
• • • LA JOLLA 7728 Regents Rd . ~501 • 
• in the Vons Center, La Jolla Colony Call 465·THAl • 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• 



18 FEATURES 

FREE SHOWING 
USTENUP 

THE LIVES OF 

QUINCY JONES 
-.-,,:..~,;~:~.~ .~' ~ • 

Come to "Assorted Vinyl" to pick up your 
FREE PASSES with any purchase, 

Wednesday, October 24th 
at 8:00 PM 

Mann 9 at the Grove Theatre 
3450 College Avenue 

TICKETS WILL BE LIMITED TO FIRST COME, FIRST SERVE. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 22, 1990 

PET: 'Sickly' Animal Rips Door Apart 
Continued from page 14 

"The kitchen'" His parents had 
only had one phone in tailed forthe 
time being. To Kevin, forty feet 
seemed like a long way ofr. Dcspite 
Kevin's previous hesitation open-
ing the door and the resulting horror 
at seeing what had occurred, he still 
felt the need to call 

could call. 
At thi moment the dog that had 

been unseen in the shadows 
moothly took a step forward into 

the circle of light. It looked up at 
Kevin with an almost imperceptive 
movement of its massive neck. 

"Hi boy." The words tumbled 

The woman who answered was ap-
parently very dlUnk and thought 
Kevin was someone eI e. 

"No Mrs. Hannibal! It 's Kevin 
Crenshaw. Are my fo lks thereT 
Kevin sputtered the words ou t. The 
dog made no indication that it was 
even aware of a conver at ion. 

" Kevin? Oh , 
his parents. He did 
not want to board 
himself up and wait. 
His instinctive need 
to talk and feel them 
overcame the fear of 
anything else. Leav-
ing the door open 
behind, him he 
slowly began his trek 
down the hall. In the 

" Leaving the door open behind him, 
he slowly began his trek down the 
hall. In the resulting darkness his own 
body was invisible to him. He felt 
almost as if he was floating, drowning 
in blackness. The drip of the kitchen 
sink was the only sound. " 

Kevin! "Mrs. Hannibal 
suddenly began to sob 
in loud bursts. "I knew 
I shouldn't let your 
Daddy drive. It 's ju t 
that he seemed all 
right." 

In a comple tely 
panicked state Kevin 
shouted out, " Where 
are they?" 

result ing darkness h is 
own body was invisible to him. He 
felt almost as if he was noating, 
drowning in blackness. The drip of 
the kitchen sink was the only sound. 
A small beam of light soon ap-
peared marking his destination - a 
beam of welcome. Five feet re-
mained to the phone. He knew the 
number, knew it by heart. Now he 

out with difficulty through a dry 
mouth. 

The animal made no response. It 
merely stared with large eye . Kevin 
slowly picked up the phone so as not 
to startle the animal and quickly 
dialed. It merely watched. 

"Hello! That you Billy? You 
knowyoushouldn'tbecallingheret" 

Mrs. Hannibal dI1-
wered slowly: "They left hours 

ago." Kevin looked down at the 
dog. 

The words fell from his lips 
slowly. "Mrs. Harmibal, my folks 
didn ' t drive." The phone dropped. 
Outside a light snow began to fall. It 
was as white as teeth. 

- N. Forrester Leary 

The preceding s /ory is parr 
of a series of short stories 
which will be run in thefeatures 
sec/ion's fiction corner. If YO lt 
would like to submit a short 
s/ory for pubLishing call sider-
arioll, bring it to The Guardian 
office all the second floor of 
the old studellt center above 
rhe General Store co -op or call 
534-6580 for more delails. All 
stories must be three to five 
pages in length, original, and 
never-before published. We 
reserve the right to edit stories 
for clarity and Length . 

Answers to this week's 
puzzle: 

We can 
make you 
a PJblished 
author! 
What are you 
waiting for? 

... Send in your 
short story to 
The Guardian 
today ... 

... before it's 
too late! 

Monday, October 22,1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 19 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Water Saving Solutions Are We 
Agents of 
the Thought 
Police? 
What Do 
You Think? 

Editor: 
I am curious about the water 

shortage problem in California. To 
the best of my knowledge I under-
stand we are under some type of 
demand to reduce our usage of wa-
ter. I understand that our contract 
for the use of Colorado Ri ver water 
is to be turned over to our beloved 
neighbors in Ariwna, so we should 
reduce water usage. 

Is that the situation? 
So why is there such blatant waste 

of water going on at UCSD? 
It doesn't seem logical that such 

pilferingofwatershouldbeoccuring 
at such an arsenal of intellectuals. 
For example, I live in Pepper Can-
yon apartments, which every six 
hours becomes Pepper Canyon 
quagmire. Physical plant services 
(as opposed to mentaJ plant services) 
plants little, cute, fluffy ice plants 
on the slope beside my apartment, 
but due to the water bombardment 
program we sponsor here half of 
them have floated down the hill, the 
other half have adapted to aquarium 
life. Our slope gets so thick in mud 
wecouldhaveaceramicsclas there 
ora Lamaze class for swamp things. 

twice, three times a lady ... " and five 
nushes if you had any kind of meal 
the night before. When my room-
mates and I first arrived, there was a 
small leak in the plumbing. When it 
was fixed , one of UCSD's finest 
workmen proceeded to point out the 
"water saving mechanism", as he 
broke down into a cackle and scur-
ried off. Water saving device, eh? 
Well that's a crock! 

The idea off the toilet is to siphon 
out the waste with amoving current 
of water, so less water means less 
suction and more visits from your 
floating anal in-laws, who will 
seemingly never go away. Call me 
crazy, but if maybe we took the 
water planned for the sprinklers and 
used it for the toi lets and put the 
water for the toilets to use in the 
sprinklers, we would conserve 
enough water to have an aquarium 
the size of RIMAC. 

In the defense of the administra-
tion, Imustadmitthat painting water 
in the fountain instead of using real 
water does cut back on tbe old 
housing fees, as does the numerous 
disfunctional fountains of the gym, 
but it is about time that we reconsider 
our water usage. 

M. C. Jackson 

The UCSD Guardian welcomes your letters and com-
mentaries. Drc?p' your letter at the Guardian offices (on the 
second Roor of the old Student Center, above the General 
Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
Guardian 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Letters should be typed, double-spaced, and should 
include a signature and a phone number. Unsigned letters 
will not be printed. We reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. 

Or better yet, how about the in-
famous plumbing at Pepper Can-
yon? John Crapper, creator of the 

toiJet,wouidli terallyshitinhispants. r-""T""---------,..-;-~====:=::=======~=~::;==================~_, I am lead to believe that the water 
plumbing was done under the inspi-
ration of Kenny Rogers' song "Once, 

'Iraqi Invaders'~ 
A Board Game? 
Editor: 

In a world filled with Trivial 
Pursuit, Scruples, Monopoly, and 
Life, as well as other fantastic board 
games, it is a shame that the United 
States and Iraq ha ve fo und the need 
to create their own board game. 
Unfortunately, the playing field 
isn't cardboard , and the game 
pieces aren't plastic. Already 3 I 
military servicepersons have been 
sacrificed, and that figure is not 
even wartime slaughter, but every-
day accidents and military mis-
haps. Thirty-one human lives have 
been lost before a purpose has even 
been agreed upon. 

Most servicepeople in the Per-
s ian Gulf are suffering from bore-
dom, and only wish to ei ther "go 
fight or go home." Perhaps a game 
of "Iraqi Invaders" would help pass 
their time more quickly. The 
highest ro ll goes first ... 

Kendra S. Jones 

Ritz-Carlton a Waste 
Editor: 

At last we have it, folks: Proof 
of the solicitude for the needs of 
ordinary student so much a hall-
mark of this administration. And 
you thought the university wasn't 
doing its utmost (0 provide good, 
convenient housing for its students! 
Why, it provides the best housing 
money can buy! Nothing less than 
the Rit z, literally and figuratively. 
With the construction of a lUXUry 
hotel on university land right near 
campus, the administra tion once 
again shows the degree of insight 
and concern it possesse for you 
and me. To paraphrase a famous 
line from hi tory : "leI them con-
SUlne luxury hotel a commoda-
lions!" 

Guy Berliner 

When It 
Comes to 

Bright 
Futures, 

Baxter 
Really 
Shines 

Baxter Healthcare Corporation 
is the nation's largest supplier of 

quality medical products and devices 
for hospital and surgical use. 

We are interested in talking with Graduating Engineering Students 
in the a reas of Mechanical and BioMedical Engineering. 

Come and meet the Representatives at our Information Session. tudents are strongly encouraged 
to attend our Information Session prior to on-campus interviews. We' ll be on campu : 

Wednesday, October 24, 1990 
5:00PM-6:00PM 

Price Center, Davis Riverside Room 
Refreshments Will Be Served 

On-campus interviews will be held : 
Thursday, October 25 and Friday, October 26 8:30am-4:30pm 

Find YOllr place in the sun! Cons ider a bright future for yourself at Baxter Heal thcare Corporation. 
We look forward to meeting with ou soon. 

If you are unable to attend. please send your resu me to : Ellen Wattiez , Professional Staffing. 
Baxter Healthcare Corporation , Medical Specialty Devices Group, P.O, Box 11150, 

Santa Ana , California 92711 . 'We are an equal opportunity employer mlUh. 
Medical Specialty Devices Group 

Baxter 



The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza is still UCSD's finest 
original pizzeria. Tear out the BJ's 
coupon and get your taste buds to 
BJ's. For UCSD's serious pizza 
eaters I (9/24-1 1/30) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at 
Cal Copy. Only $5.95. While you 
wait. Xeroxes and more. Near St. 
Germains. 452-9949. (9/24-11 /30) 

Writing Help. I've discovered/cre-
ated unique, Fun - yes, fun l ap-
proaches for serious projects. Be-
gin 481-1810. (10/3-11 /30) 

Classified advertising is sold ill IS-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
srudenrs (jor personal use only) , $3 for fa culty and staff, and $4 for others. Paymem in 
advance is required; therefore , ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p .m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, 3 p.m. Monday for Wednesday's issue, and 3 p.m. Wednesday for Friday's issue. The 
Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advertising including bur not limited to 
companionship ads. For more information call 534-5416. Mailing address:UCSD Guard-
ian, 0316, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla , CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center 
A, top floor . 

Scholarships/grants for college are 
available. Millions go unclaimed 
yearly. Call 1-800-334-3881. (10/ 
8-1111 4) 

BIG GREEN, documentary to sup-
port Prop 128 to handle the envi-
ronmental crisis. Video free every 
M&W at noon, MCC 221 3rd Col-
lege Media Center. (1 0/15-11 /5) 

Recovering Alcohol ics: Males 40-
60 yrs. Hospital-based research in 
recovery from brain effects of alco-
hol abuse. Incentives offered. Call 
Sean Rourke or June Allen 552-
8585 ext.3731 (Mon- Fri) (10/19-
10/29) 

AS IO California Internship dead-
lines Oct. 26th: L.A. Times, NASA, 
I BM, Academy T. V. Arts/Sciences. 
534-4689 (1 0/19-1 0/22) 

PRAYER & PRAISE EVENING 
WORSHIP SERVICE - Join with 
other Ch ri stian students on cam-
pus for one hour from 6 to 7 p.m. 
Sunday Evenings in the Pol ice 
Station Training Room. Sponsored 
by the United Campus Ministry 
UCSD. Information call : 534-2521 
(10/19-10/26) 

PROJECT PLAIN TALK: SEXU-
ALITY AND FAITH "If you know the 
biology and want to expand your 
knowledge base and build a valuo 
system about sex ... this workshop 
is for youl" NOV. 9, 10, 11 - spon-
sored by the United Campus Min-
istry, fee: $5 pre. regl$8 at the 
door. Information: call 534-2521 . 
(1 0/22-11 /2) 

Didyouseethe Costa Verde FREE 
LUNCH DEAL? Wr.en you spend 
$50 - anywhere in the mall, (yes 
even groceries at Big Bear) through 
the month of November, you get a 
$5 lunch FREEl (1 0/22) 

ORGANIZE MATER IAL FOR 
SPEEDY RECALL. READING and 
STUDY SKILLS WORKSHOP 
Tuesday, October 23, OASIS AN-
NEX 5:00-6:00p.m. {I 0/22) 

Get AAAAA's! New study tech-
niques and short cuts. Tested 
methods. Astonishing results. Send 
$4.00 now for "The Exam Secret" 
to B&B Global Connections, 7159 
Navajo Rd., Ste. 328Jm6, San Di-
ego , CA. 92119 (10/22) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT 
UCSD! Jewish Campus Centers 
provides warmth , education, 
prayer, socializing. Connect with 
Union of Jewish Students ! 502 
Matthews; east olthe Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521 . (1 01 
22) 

D.C_ Pop Quiz #1 : W hich is 
greater, the federal deficit or your 
outstanding student loan? The an-
swer awaits you at the D.C. IN-
TERNSHIP FORUM. Friday, Oct. 
26, Career Services Center, 1 :30-
3:30. 

FREE HAMBURGER? HOLD EV-
ERYTHING. CHECK OUT 
JOHNNY ROCKETS OF LA JOLLA 
(corner of Girard & Wall Street) I 
know, the AD on page 7 says 
TUESDAY night. BUT, if you 're 
reading this, they'll honor your 
coupon tonight between 6-10pm. 
Juicy gourmet burgers served with 
a 1950s flair. (10/22) 

SERVICES 
Olga Sari - Electrologist: 1200 to 
1500 hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday 
Court. Student discounts. 558-4644/ 
226-1962. (9/24-1 /14) 

SHARPEN YOUR 
COMPETITIVE 

EDGE WITH 
AIR FORCE ROTC. 

o matter what area you've 
chosen for your college major, you 

can enhance your competitive strengths 
now. Join Air Force ROTC, and you'll begin the 

first steps toward becoming an Air Force pilot, 
navigator, engineer, manager-a range of different 
disciplines. Most important: your skills and manage· 
rial expertise will be built on th solid foundations of 
leadership that are critical to career success. 

Call 
DEPT OF AEROSPACE ST DIES 

619-594-5545 

Leadership Excellence Starts Here 

Piano lessons - my North County 
studio or in your home. Ear training, 
theory, Improvisation, beginners-
intermediates, most styles. Steve, 
942-8179. (10/1-10/22) 

WRITING Help from UC-Grad Tu-
torlWriter/Researcher. All projects 
welcome. Productive, lntenselStart 
Early. 481 -1 810. (10/3-11/30) 

Papers typed l Quick and afford-
able. From $21pg. Call LJ Colony 
Resumes & Professional Typing. 
455-8357. Laser printing! 60 
typestyles to choose from l One day 
service available. (1 0/5-11130) 

WORD PROCESSING, 4.0 English 
Skills, term papers, experienced 
dissertations, 7-dayweek, rushjobs, 
references 755-2683. (10/1 0-10/29) 

TYPING: TERM PAPERS, ETC., 
RUSH JOBS AT NO EXTRA 
CHARGE. 453-0656. (1013-11130) 

TYPING/WORD PROCESSING. 
PICK-UP AND DELIVERY AVAIL-
ABLE . FAST SERVICE. LOW 
RATES. CALL 931-7857,8 a.m.-5 
p.m. (10/12-10/22) 

Difficulties in French? I can help. It's 
easy, just call Laurent Jesover at 
457-4612. (10/17-10/22) 

Russian Lessons by native speaker 
wlexperience in Moscow University. 
450-1874 (1 0/19-1 0/22) 

Bartender school - Dayl Night 
Course 250.00 - Refresher Course 
Oct 20 and Nov 1 0, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. 
45.00. 1-800-227-0030 BADD-
REACTS (10/19-11/16) 

TYPING - PROOFREADING - ED-
ITING. Term Papers, MAs, PH.D.s, 
Legal, and Medical. RUSH JOBS. 
Call MARIE -931-9596 (1 0/19-10/ 
22) 

Idnko'S· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
J834 Gamet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

Piano Lessons. Adults & children. 
MM Russian Conservatory. 20 years 
experience. All levels. 1 1/2 miles 
from UCSD. 452-8084. (10/22) 

LESBIAN & BISEXUAL support 
group meets every Wednesday 
6:30pm-8:00pm at the Women's 
Resource Center. (10/22) 

GAY & BISEXUAL Men's Support 
Group meets every Monday 6 :30-
8:00pm at Mountain View Lounge 
(Third College). (10/22) 

STUDENT COMES CLEAN and 
saves a bundle! Large load wash-
ers and huge dryers cost lessl 
SPEEDY Coin Wash - Corner of 
Grand and Lamont in P_B. Open 24 
hours. Try usl (10/22) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Word 
Processing , Reports, Speeches, 
Dissertations, Manuscripts, Pre-
sentations. Experienced. Laser 
printer. Student Rates l 753-5964. 
(10/22) 

WANTED 
Childcare needed in Del Mar 4:30-
7:00 some day~ . Own car. 755-
6172. (10/5-1 0/31) 

Delivery driver for pizza restaurant. 
Must be 18 and have good driving 
record and dependable car. 4 or 5 
eves per week 5:45-1 0 p.m. Hourly 
pay plus lips. Apply in person 3-6 
p.m. DiMattia's Pizza & Pasta, 8650 
Genesee #312, San Diego. (10/5-
10/22) 

Happy with your present salary? I 
need people who want to make more 
ASAP (619) 758-4602. (10/10-111 
30) 

Graduate into a $30,000+ per year 
part time Income! Act nowl Call for 
Information. 491-2247. (10/17-101 
26) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, 4-wheelers, 
TVs, stereos, furniture, and computers 
by OEA, FBI, IRS, and US customs. 

Available your area now. 
CALL 1-805-682·7555 EXT. C-1199 

'1 4C88 Convoy SI 
Kearny Mesa 
576-8542 

'3 
:;'00 & Main 
San Diego 
281·9083 

'2 
1800 B Rosecrans 

PI Lorna 
225-()279 

'4 3443 Umversny 
NO!1I1 Pari< 
280-9883 

• We bag every comic 
• We offer Free Discounts 
• In-store subscription service 
• Special holds & searches 
• We're open until 7 p.m. every day 

Monday, October 22, 1990 

Journalism majors soughtl Is your 
portfolio empty? Ready to learn the 
magazine business first -hand? 
Consumer magazine is seeking 
editorial intern (unpaid). Call Metro-
politan Magazines, 535-9526, ask 
for Linda. (10/17-10/22) 
WANTED: Used Molecular Model 
sets. Tell a friend. I will buy these. 
Paul, evenings: 552-1038. (10/17-
10126) 
Domino's Pizza at UCSD is now 
hiring for Customer Service Repre-
sentatives. Must be at least 16 years 
old, energetic and efficient with an 
outgoing personality. Will be re-
sponsible for greeting customers, 
taking pizza orders and other store 
operations. Eligible applicants 
should apply at the UCSD store, 
located at 3211 Holiday Court after 
3:30 p.m. (10/19-11 /30) 
TRADE- 2 tickets for Jane's Ad-
diction. Have Saturday- Need 
Friday. Can't go Saturday. Lara582-
1234, after 5. (10/19-10/24) 
Babysitter needed. Beautiful fun girts 
ages 4 and 7. Occasional weekend 
evenings Del Mar. 793-0570 (10/ 
19-10/26) 
Wanted - Mother's helper, must 
be reliable, considerate, sensible, 
energetic, and organized. A valid 
drivers license and transportation is 
necessary. $6.00 to $8.00 per hour. 
Send qualifications to: Carol Shaffer, 
P.O. Box 3208, Rancho Santa Fe, 
Cal. 92067. (10/19-10/29) 
TEACHER IN JAPAN for Nippon 
English Center of Nagoya, Japan. 
Native English speaker wlEnglish, 
Speech degree. $1800-2000/ mo. 
Annual raise, paid vacations. Free 
housing and air transportation. 
Contract: max. 3 yrs., beginning 1/ 
15/91. Renewable each calendar 
year. (714) 776-5759. Lv. message. 
(10/22-10124) 
Bicycle Mechanlcwanted, Fuli/Part-
time, must have shop experience wi 
references. Expanding Carlsbad 
shop, 434-5698. (10/22-111/2) 
FAST FUNDRAISING PROGRAM, 
$1000 in just one week. Earn up to 
$1000 for your campus organiza-
tion . Plus a chance at $5000 morel 
This program worksl No investment 
needed. Call 1-800-932-0528 Ext. 
50. (10/22) 
In school and need money? Start 
your own business for $150. FUll 
work. Distribute REAL designer fra-
grances. 272-9038. (10/22-10/26) 

FOR SALE 
FOR SALE: IBM PC Junior. Color 
terminal, Okidata Microline 92 
printer. MAKE AN OFFER, CALL 
270-9220. (10/5-11/30) 

VISA OR MASTERCARDI 
Even if bankrupt or bad credit! 
We guarantee you a card or 

double your money back. 
Call 1-805-682-7555 

EXT. M-l052 

Diet 
Center~ 
n .. "'V . .obl-Ios< professioll"ls.' 
Free Consultation. 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 

Daily Diet Tips from 
Diet Center 

H9(0).990-'OlIN 
95< ptr minJS 1.;0 filSlllllll. 

7 67 CUYlER (off Pearl) 
459-5979 

Monday, October 22,1990 

Del Mar - why rent? $112,900 
condo. 2 BR, 2 BA, pool, spa, beach 
1 mile. Chris, 931 -6977. (10/12-111 
14) 
Saab 900S, 5 spd., sunroof-AM/FM 
cassette. 1984 with spotless inte-
rior. $4,000 o.b.o. Call 587-8872. 
(10/17-10/22) 
Stereo, Sony CD, Pioneer Receiver, 
JVC Dual Cassette, Excellent con-
dition. Must sell $200, call 458-0934. 
(10/17-10/26) 
IBM Compatible, 386SX, 16 MHz, 1 
Mb RAM, 3.5" HD Floppy, 40 Mb 
Hard Drive, 2400 baud internal 
modem, 14" VGA Monitor. Pur-
chased June, works perfectly. 
$1 ,290 o.b.o. Matt, 450-6811 . 
MAC FLOPPY DRIVE: Cutting 
Edge. Like new. $10010BO. Call 
Dave at 693-3072. (10/19-10/24) 
Beds - double mattress set 50.00. 
Futon wlframe- twin- 75.00 . 
Tanya 274-3323 - I can deliver. 
(10/19·10/22) 
Washer- May tag, white, not very 
old. 75-100$. I can deliver. Tanya 
274-3323 leave message. (10/19-
10/22) 
Mountain Bike-yellow, needs front 
brakes. $50.00 OBO: Has Suntour 
accessories. Tanya 27 4-3323 leave 
message. (10/19-10/22) 
PIANO- Spinet, practice. Good 
tone & quality. $350.00 OBO - I 
can deliver. Tanya 274-3323. (10/ 
19-10/24) 
Channel Island surfboard, 6'1", 
white, tri-fin, squash tail with chan-
nels, shaped by AI Merric, good 
condition, call David 558-6161 (10/ 
19-10/22) 

JANE'S ADDICTION 1 ticket Fri-
day, Nov.2-$60.oo. call 558-9359 
or ask for Matt (Argo 433) (10/19-
10/22) 
Billy Idol tickets $45 ea. OBO, Sports 
Arena, Fri. Oct. 26. Call Rob at 452-
2876. (10/19-10/22) 
19" Bianchi 12 speed SUNTOUR 
GEARS, pump $200 obo. RA'UP 
453-5514. (10/22-10/29) 
AIRLINE TICKET: Roundtrip San 
Fran. Bay Area. Leave Nov. 2, re-
turn early Nov. 5. $55.00 Call 558-
0055. (1 0/22-10/29) 
MAC FLOPPY DRIVE: Cutting 
Edge. Like new. $100/0BO. Call 
Dave at 693-3072. (10/19-10/24) 

REPOSSESSED VA & HUD HOMES 
availible from government from $1 

without credit check. 
You repair. 

Also tax delinquent foreclosures. 
CALL 1-805-682-7555 

EXT. H-I443 for repa list your area. 

IBM COMPATIBLE 'XT-TURBO, 
33MB Hard Disk, 2x360k Floppy 
Drives , Graphics Card , Colour 
Monitor SERIPAR Interface Card. 
$450 o.b.o. Rich 457-2361. (Ring 8-
9am or 5-7pm) (10/22-10/26) 
BRAND NEW SKIS. Olin TOS SR 
190's with Soloman 557 bindings 
both never used skis. Alone retail 
for $400. Already mounted and 
waxed selling for $230. Call 558-
1303. (10 /22-10/24) 
Jane's Addiction , Saturday - Two 
tickets$75.00 each o.b.o. Scott 488-
0932. (10 /22) 
'83 Toyota Tercel. Immaculate 
looking, 5 speed, great mileage, 
new clutch/brakes . $2,500/best. 
298-8768. (10/22-10/24) 

-----

2 JANE'S ADDICTION TICKETS 
for Saturday, November 3rd show. 
$100 EACH o.b.o Call 483-8910. 
(1 0/22-1 0/24) 

HOUSING 
Roommate wanted - share 2 bed-
room house in Pacific Beach. Own 
room, off street parking, one block 
to Bay. $375 plus 1/2 utilities. Call 
Chris, 273-5742. (10/12-10/22) 
Pacific Beach: Share 2 bedroom w/ 
all amenities. Near beach and bay. 
$249/mo. Joe/Greg 272-2410. (101 
17-10/19) 

$2321 own room in Clairemont 
house. 4 bedrooms/2 bathrooms wI 
washer & dryer, fireplace. 541-2073 
Keiko, Steve, Rebekah. (10/19-101 
24) 
3 ROOMMATES WANTED for 4bd 
University City House. Near all. 
Fireplace, garden, carpeting, spa-
cious. 459-2935. (10/19-10/29) 

WANTED: ROOMMATE MALE OR 
FEMALE. $350 month plus 1/3 
utilities. Own room. 558-8365. (101 
22-1 0/31) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Pacific Beach: 3 story, 3 bdrm condo, 
3 blks beach, 2 blks bay, large mas-
ter bedroom with balcony, fireplace, 
slJa. Fun roommates. Avail. Nov. 1. 
$475/mo $475 deposit. 272-0966. 
(10/22) 
La Jolla luxury condominium, 2 br. -
2 ba, vaulted ceilings, fireplace, 
washer/dryer, microwave, all appli-
ances, jacuzzi bath, secured build-
Ing, 2 parking spaces, large balcony. 
$I ,200/mo. Kristin 458-0909. (101 
22) 
DEL MAR CONDO: FURNISHED 
ROOM/BATH . OCEAN ALL 
AMENITIES. NO SMOKING/PETS. 
$475 1/2 UTIL. PETER 792-7659. 
(10/22-10/24) 
Penasquito $10504 bedrooms, 2.5 
baths house. 2-car garage. Avail -
able in Nov. Leave message: 695-
8253. (10/22-10/29) 
MALE/FEMALE roommate wanted 
for 4 bedroom University City condo. 
Own room. Laundry, pool , micro-
wave, dishwasher, $300/month. 
Mike, Danny, Greg at 457-0486 or 
587-6079. (10/22-10/24) 
4 bd spacious University House for 
rentl Walk to malls, 5mn from UCSD. 
Must see! 459-2935. (10/22-10/24) 

LOST/FOUND 
FOUND: Gold anklet. Call to iden-
tify, x42487. (9/28-1 0/22) 

PERSONALS 
Beautiful outdoor dining overlook-
ing Torrey Pines golf course! Tasty, 
nutritious cuisine, all you can eat 
salad bar ... Choices 554-FOOD. 
(20% discount wI UCSD 10). (91 
24-11/30) 

Last Chance to Make a Difference 
- TUTOR I Starting Winter Quarter, 
sign-up at the Revelle Provost 
Office by Wed., Oct. 24. (10/22) 

FAIRMAIR ' S 

U5~D 501 /5 
C05TUM~5 
FUN, FUNKY 
FUNTIONAL 

~~~CLOTHES 
4879 NEWPORT AVE. OCEAN BEACH 

M-SAT. 11 10 6:Xl 
222-0220 

Auto and Motorcycle 
Insurance 

Monthly pay available 

Local 
800-457 -1234 

Paul Sirkin Insurance 

Ski Utah for Thanksgiving with 
R.I.S.C.! Tix on sale at Box Office. 
More info. 534-4482. (10/22-101 
26) 

FREE HAMBURGER? HOLD EV-
ERYTHING . CHECK OUT 
JOHNNY ROCKETS OF LA 
JOLLA (corner of Girard & Wall 
Street) I know, the AD on page 7 
says TUESDAY night. BUT, if 
you 're reading this, they'll honor 
your coupon tonight between 6-
10pm. Juicy gourmet burgers 
served with a 1950's flair. (1 0/22) 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

Did you seethe Costa Verde FREE 
LUNCH DEAL? When you spend 
$50 - anywhere in the mall, (yes, 
even groceries at Big Bear) through 
the month of November, you gel a 
$5 lunch FREEl (10/22) 

CAREN - Hope you don't have a 
narcolepsy fit on your birthday. 
Gobble, Gobble . Let'sgosurfing!l!! 
Have a great BDAY (1 0/22) 

Karl, nexl time you are over for 
dinner bring your own dishes to 
break ! (1 0/22) 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
PROFESSORS NOTES 

Book Binding 
Copies while you wait 

FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 HolidDy 0. (next to Domino's Pizza) ·452-9949 
M-F 8 :30-6 p .m. [. l1 '" 9U Sat. 1 -4 p.m. 

HALLOWEEN COSTUMES 

F~: f~ AreYou 
Suffering from 

Student Syndrome? 
\

--;-"\\ - \7" (till!) 
I·te,," \111 , I " 

~ /NI\\"\ ~""""\I.',, CALL NOW FOR OUR 

---r .~ -STUDENT 452 2273 
' '. SPECIAL • 

--------------------

I $25 Exa m Includes: consult, complete I 
I pinal examination, X-Rays I 
I (if necessary), & report of finding. I L ____________________ ~ 



22 SPORTS 

UCSD NOTEBOOK 

A preview of this weekend's UCSD sporting events: 
• MEN'S SOCCER: 
UCSD at Pomona-Pitzer, Monday, 3:30 p.m. 

The Tritons continue their drive toward the NCAA Western 
Regionals and an eighth consecutive playoff appearance in today ' 
3:30 p.m. conte t at Pomona-Pitzer. 

UCSD, whose record now stands at 13-2- 1, will try to extend an 
eight-game winning streak again t the Sagehens. 

If previous contests are any indication, the Triton should have 
a relatively easy time of it against Pomona-Pitzer, a team they 
slaughtered 10-0 in ) 988. 

The game will be the Tritons' la t road contest of the regular 
season. 

• WOMEN'S SOCCER: 
UCSD at Claremont, Monday, 3 p.m. 

The po tseason is also on the mind of the defending national 
champion women's soccer team as it tries to make it to the west 
regionals for the fifth con ecutive sea on. 

The Tritons' drive toward a second consecutive Division HI 
title continues as UCSD travels to Claremont College for today' s 
3 p.m. showdown. 

UCSD has been panicularly stingy on defense lately, a the 
Tritons have allowed only one goal in their last three contests, 
while tallying 10 of their own. 

Overall , the Triton have shut out II opponents this season, 
including the latest, a 1-0 win over Occidental on Saturday. 

• WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL: 
UCSD at CSU Dominguez Hills, Tuesday, 7:30 p.m. 

After a decidedly mixed weekend in SI. Louis , the UCSD 
women' s volleyball team (27-7) returns to the west coast to face 
Cal State Dominguez Hills in Carson on Tuesday night. 

Despite 10 ing in four games to top-ranked Washington Univer-
sity of SI. Louis, UCSD hopes to bounce back again t the Toros. 

As with most other Division ill opponents , the Tritons have 
dominated CSUDH in past matches, winning all ) I previous 
meeting and 27 of 34 games. 

Juniors '.'i:"'ki Van Duyneand Elizabeth Tan led the way for the 
Tritons, tutahng 29 and 26 kills, respectively, in UCSD's two 
Sunday matches in SI. Louis. 

- LES BRUVOLD 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 22, 1990 

SCORES & STATS 
WOM E N S SOCCER 

(12·2.1. ,onked third In the notion) 
UCSD 1 Qcx:identalO 
UCSD Goal : Undsay (Shea) 1334 

SCHEDULE (Home events In bold): 
Today . 3 p m . 1I Claremont CoUooe 
Sunday. noon, VI. CSU San Bemlrdlno 
October 31 , 3 pm., at Cal Lutheran University 

WOMEN S VOLLEYBALL 
(27-7, nonked HCond In tit. nation) 

UCSO d. Wheaton (MA) 1 ~6. 15·9. 1 ~ 1 3 
UCSD d Nebraska·Wesleyan 15·3. t5·6 . 15·7 
UCSO d. College of 51. Beneda (!.tN) 15· 12. 

12"5. '5-,3. ,5-'3 
waShington Unlve .. lty (MO) d. UCSO 15-12. 
12, 15. 15-6.15,13 

SCHEDULE: 
Tuesday, 7 :30 p.m., al Cal Stale Dominguez 
Hills 
Friday· Saturday. all day. at Qcx:idental College 
InVItational 
November 2,7 p.m. 'IS. USiU 
November 3. 1 p.m. 'IS. esu San Bernardino 

MEN S SOCCER 
(1 3-2-1, ranked fifth In the nation) 

SCHEDULE: 
Monday, 3 :30 p.m., at Pomona'Pltzar 
Sunday, 2 :30 p.m., .1. UStU 

MEN ·S WATER POLO 
(4-18) 

SCHEDULE: 
Friday. 7 p.m .. at UC 1"'10" 

-

Friday, 3 :30 p.m., VI. Stanford 
Saturday-Sunday, all day, at 4ger InVItatIonal 
(Long Beach) 
Oclober 31 , 3:30 p.m., .S. UC RI .... lde 

CROSS COUNTRY 
SCHEDULE: 

Saturday, all day, UCSD Invitational 

IN THE BLEACHERS 
By Steve Moore 

LOCATOR MAP 
YouR CAR.,..A • 

I!; IEIIE 

I Monday, Wednesday, Friday. Three times a week. Read it. 

THE MOST COMPLETE REVIEW COURSE FOR THE 

~~\YMMCAT 
THE MeAT REVIEW COURSE al~ ijJCSID 

THE ONL Y MCAT PREP COURSE RUN & TAUGHT BY MEDICAL STUDENTS IN SAN DIEGOI 

MORE THAN AN EXAM PREP COURSIbIT'S TRULY ONE OF A KIND; 

• TAUGHT BY MEDtCAL snJDENTS FOR PRE-MEDICAL STUDENTS 

• THE MOST COMPLETE & POPULAR MCA T PREP COURSE IN SAN OtEGO-
5 YEARS OF PROVEN SUCCESS! 

• AN INTENSE, tOO·HOUR LECTURE AND WORKSHOP·BASED REVIEW 
PROGRAM OF THE SCtENCES, READtNG & WRITING SKILLS AREAS TESTED 
ON THENEW MeAT 

• NEW MeAT TEST STRATEGIES & STUDY SKtLLS 

• INTENSIVE SCIENCE PROBLEM SOLVING AND READtNG SKtLLS WORKSHOPS; 
SMALL GROUP LEARNING; INTENSIVE ESSAY WRITING WORKSHOPS W tTH A 
UCSD THtRD COLLEGE WRITING PROGRAMS WRITING INSTRUCTOR 

• OVER 1,000 PAGES OF HIGH .YIELD MCAT PRACTICE TESTS, SCIENCE 
PROBLEM SOLVtNG EXAMS. CONDENSED FORMULA SHEETS REVIEW NOTES 
PROVIDED TO ALL STUDENTS 

Order your college ring NOW. 
• MEET & HA VE DtRECT CONTACT WITH CURRENT MEDICAL STUDENTS; 

DISCUSSION OF THE MEDI AL SCHOOL APPLICATION, ADMISSIONS & 
tNTERVIEW PROCESS, & LIFE ONCE tN MEDICAL SCHOOL DIRECTLY FROM 
THE MEDICAL STUDENT PERSPECTIVE! JOSTE TS 
AM~RICA S COL L EGE R N G'''' 

C\ I\'ERSITY 
---2:-
_ d 

• FREE TAKE·HOME LIBRARY CIIECKOUT OF THE BEST COMMERCtALLY 
AVA ILABLE MCA T & SCIENCE REVtEW MATERIALS 

• PERSONAL TUTORtNG &. CIENCE STUDY GROUPS INCLUDED IN PROGRAM 

• ABOUT HALF Tt IE COST OF OTt IER REVtEW COURSES 

SPONSOREO IN PART BY THE SPECIAl ADMISSIONS SUPPORT PROGRAM. UCSD SCHOOL Of MEDICINE 

CLASSES BEGIN JANUARY 19TH IN PREPARATION FOR THE APRIL 1991 MCAT 

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CALL: (619) 456·4848 
- -

......... , ...... , lVOM ~'CIUJ I~PresentaltvP lor ful l detruls our complete nng selt!Cllon on disptdy tn yuur col lege bookstore, 
.. , ... ,,'" 

Monday, October 22,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

[P[fi]~[l a~ PHIL 'S RECORD IS 3-2 
MONDAY 

NIGHT FOOTBALL PRIME 
PICKS 

BY PHa.. GRUEN 

FAVORITE: CLEVELAND 
LINE: *1 1/2 
UNDERDOG: Cincinnati 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS" , Let's get something straight here: Cleveland, with a 
2-4 record, has little to play for - considering the Browns are in last place 
in the NFC Central and a victory wi1l catapult them into ... a last-place tie. 
Cincinnati has everything to play for - a loss and the Bengals will be forced 
into a second-place tie with Houston, which beat New Orleans yesterday, So, 
it makes penect sense, then, that the Bengals will win this thing. Wrong. For 
one, nobody beats Cleveland in an important divisional contest in the Dawg 
Pound, Secondly, Cleveland is poised and ready for an upset. And finally, the 
city of Cincinnati is hardly the city of champions, and the Bengals will begin 
their losing streak now so as to affirm this. Besides, I've got plenty of reasons 
to hate the city of Cincinnati now, for obvious reason , Okay, it 's sour grapes. 
So what. I'm writing this, and you're reading it. PHIL says ... 

TAKE THE BROWNS 
• Officu.l hne from SquamsqUlU and Chuse St~aks. Exeler, CA 

W. V-BALL 
Continued from page 24 

Elizabeth Tan led the Tritons 
with eight kills in the Wheaton 
match while outside hitter Villi 
Van Duyne pounded down IOkills 
versus Nebraska-Wesleyan. 

Saturday 'S semifinal match 
versus fourth-ranked SI. Benedict 
(MN) University was a different 
story, as the Tritons had to scratch 
and claw to come away with a 15-
12, 12-15, 15-13, 15-13 triumph. 

St. Benedict played extremely 
stingy defense the entire contest, 
hardly letting any balls touch the 
floor throughout the course of the 
match. 

Tan and Van Duyne led the 
offense in Saturday's matches, as 
they totalled 26 and 29 kills, re-
spectively. 

In recognition of their efforts, 
the two juniors were named to the 
All-Tournament team. 

BETTER 
ContInued from page 24 
run. 

Fact: The A 's were in the top 
three in team defense all season, as 
well as stolen bases. 

Big deal you say. The Reds beat 
them. In four games. Surely that 
makes them the better team, you 
say. 

You ' remissingthepoinl. These 
accomplishments are not handed 
out like social security. You don't 
buy them , you earn them. 

Yes, illthis particular four-game 
stretch Cincinnati played the best. 
Call it overconfidence, a slump, 

w. SOCCER 
Continued from page 24 
job by keeping both the ball and 
the play on the Occidenta l side of 
the field . The Tigers generated only 
a few weak charges at Carper, and 
were easily cut off. . 

Ove ral l, Occident a l could 
manage only three weak shot on 
goa l fortheentire game. The Tigers 
became the II til opponent to be 
shutout by the Tri lOllS tillS year. 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Vikki Van Duyne was named to the A 11-Tournament team 

choking . .. call it whatever you 
want, but the A 's got beat. 

But the Reds are not the better 
team. TheA's team that showed up 
in Cincinnati and Oakland is not 
the team I spent all summer watch-
ing and listening to on the radio. 

Reds fans will claim the A ' s 
pitchers were not good enough to 
stop the Reds' batters, and the Reds' 
pitchers were superior to A's hit-
ters . 

['m not talking about the obvi-
ous things . Oakland beat itself by 
making mistakes in the funda-
mental aspects of the game. 

Little things , like throwing to 
the right base, hitting the cutoff 
man, making sure you get the sure 

"[The small field] makes iteasy 
for teruns to defend," McManus 
said . 

In the end, the score proved to 
be much closer than the Tritons 
expec ted, as the Tritons had been 
lIsed to rather meek efforts from 
the Tigers . 

"That 's thebes tO identalteam 
there has ever been," Mc Manus 
c I ai med, w ho~e tem 11 had recorded 
l.>aek -to-back 7 0 wins against the 
Tigers in two previou meetings . 

The TlltOIl ~ now nl'cd to win 

out, turning the double play, and 
oh .. . catching the ball . 

Even with their title, no one is 
even thinking of calling the Reds a 
potential dynasty. No one is even 
thinking of comparing 'Cincinnati 
to the '27 Yankees. 

But they did with the A ' s. And 
they still do. 

When Dave Stewart guarantees 
that the A ' will be in the World 
Series again next season, I believe 
him. 

And no mailer how much you 
dislike the A 's, you believe him 
too. Because you know the A's are 
too good. 

And you know the A's are the 
better team. 

just three more Division III games 
in order to make it to the NCAA 
Regionals in November forthe fifth 
con ecutive sea on. 

On~ big obstacle will be next 
Sunday 's noon game against CSU 
San Bernadino at Nonh Campus 
Field. McManus sees the game 
against the oyOlC, who are ranked 
10th in the wes t. as perhaps the 
biggeM step toward sl:curing a re-
g ional berth. 

"Thai' . a game we must WIl1 ," 
he said. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

SPORTS 23 

INJURED? 
Cycle Accident Law 

Protect Your Rights! 
• Free consuliant 
• Fast. aggressive representation 
• Experience.results 
• No fee until we win your case 
• Judge ProTem 

SIMO:\f & SIMON 
. \1 1111'1)('."" . \1 I.a\\ 

, 'all .\llnntt ·., MACE S. SIl\lO:\ 
I-HOO-.il-S I MON ~ I 11"11 t, "('"II 1',,, 

.... , I"I 'lIu I "I" / ',,,plloll ll i ll 

Roberl'sAuto 

VISA' 

German, Swedish 
Japanese 3ervice 

• All Work Fully Guaranteed 
• Factory-Trained Specialists 

(619)275·1132 
Mon,-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 

.. 

to our cu.,~,.. 

4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

---------------------

10% OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

*E%£f!pt motor and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

The -IOthe"- Copy Center 

"" Self-Serve Macs II" Word processing 
"" Desktop Publishing II" Typewriters 

Expert Rssistance Rvailab/e 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

25% Off 
All Macintosh Servic~1 

with this ad 
.flres 11/31/90 

- ----- -

• 
• 
• 4150 RegQ ... 15 Perk P.ow 
• La ~II"-1 
: (By Ben & .Jelr, . ..,) 
• 457·1007 
• 

-- Let Us Earn Our Stripes! 



SPORTS 
24 SPORTS The U SD Guardian 

Greg Benes/Guardian 
Sophomore midfielder Jodie Robertson goes head-to-head with an Occidental defender Saturday afternoon at Warren Field. 

Reds Are Not the Better Team 
By Peter Ko 
Associate Sports Editor 

Let 's get one thing straight right now. 
The Cincinnati Reds played the best in 
the World Series and deserve to be world 
champions. Congratulations. I'm sure 
Schottzie will wear the crown well . 

The fact of the matter, however, is the 

COMMENTARY 
betterteam did not win the World Series. 
I will pause while you pick your jaw up 
off the ground. 

Disbelieving fanatics everywhere (i.e. 
Reds fans) are right now ge turing and 
screaming at an II" x 17" piece of 
newsprint. If I had been Phil Gruen, 
they 'd probably be eating it. Pardon them. 

In mo tother situations, they'd probably be 
correct. But not this time. No sir. 

If you think this is going to be a rambling, 
disjointed, way off-base tribute to the Oak-
land Athletics by a frustrated, angered, and 
disappointed fan ... well, you're right. If you 
think I'm going to let this national travesty 
pass without spouting off and defending the 
pride of the East Bay ... well, you 're wrong. 

I can hear it before you read it. 
"Four games," you scream. "They won 

in four game!>. What are you? An idiot?" 
Only if you think so. I've been called 

worse by my mother. 
If you will allow me to get a word in 

edgewise, I'll explain. 
Fact: The OakJand A's won 103 games 

thi year, more than any other team in 

baseball. 
Fact: The Oakland A's won the AL 

pennant in a sweep over Boston. 
Fact: The Oakland A's had two 20-

game winners, a 17 -game winner, a re-
liever who converted 96 percent of his 
saves, and led the league in ERA by 
almost half a run. 

Fact: The Oakland A's have two 
players who hit 37 or more home runs, 
two players who drove in over 100 runs, 
a lead-off hitter with 28 home runs, and 
two more players with more than 15 
homer . Their fourth outfielder won the 
National League batting title. Yet their 
offense is so diversified that they won the 
AL pennant without benefit of a home 

See BETTER, Page 23 

Monday, October 22, 1990 

Not Ideal, 
But They'll 
TakeR 
• Shorter field doesn't stop 
women's soccer from 
picking up 11 th shutout of 
the season Saturday in 1-0 
win over Occidental 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Writer 

Sometimes things don ' t quite work out 
as you would like. 

It ' not as ifthe UCSD women 's occer 
team could complain about its 1-0 victory 
over the Occidental ColJege Tiger on Sat-
urday afternoon, but the circumstances could 
have been a little better. 

Although the Tritons' offen e wa n' t as 
potent as it could have been, muchofUCSO's 
lack of offensive output could be directly 
attributed to some wor e-than usual field 
conditions. 

UCSD Head Coach Brian McManus 
wasn't pleased with the accommodations of 
Warren Field, which is 12 yards shorter and 
eight yards narrower than the u ual 112 
yards by 72 yards field on the North Campus 
Recreation Area. 

"Everything is crowded, everything is 
tight," McManus said. 

Indeed, the smaller field did force UCSD 
to noticeably change its game plan, a the 
Tritons were forced into working the middle 
of the field instead of bringing the ball 
outside. 

Of course, if the field conditions had 
been ideal, the score might have been ri-
diculous. This was one of the most lopsided 
1-0 soccer games you could possibly attend. 
Raise the crossbar a few inches, and the 
score could easily have been 5-0 or 6-0. 

On at least fouroccassions, shots glanced 
off the eight-foot high bar. 

Perhaps the closest came midway through 
the second-half when Cheryl Parker came 
slicing through the middle of the goal area, 
picked up a crossing pass, and headed a laser 
beam square into the crossbar. 

The Tritons (12-2-1) did manage a single 
offensive breakthrough as Karin Lindsay, 
positioned at the far post, headed a Kalyn 
Shea comer kick pa t the immobile Tiger 
goalie, just 13:34 into the game. The goal 
was Lindsay 's 11 th in 10 games, and all that 
the defense would need. 

The defense, led by senior Jennifer 
Kingsbury and goalie Karin Carper, did its 

See W. SOCCER, Page 23 

Showdown: Round 1 Goes to Washington 
• At the Washington University National Invitation in St. Louis, 
number two women's volleyball collided with top-ranked Washington, 
and for the time being at least, Washington came out on top 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

In a scene that took a page out of 
an old Hollywood western, the 
UCSD women 's volleyball team 
faced off against top-ranked rival 
Washington UniversltyofSt. Loui 
Saturday night in the finals of the 
Washington niver ity National 
Invitational Tournament. 

UCSD filled the role of the 

young gunslinger, the "fastest gun 
in the we tH , who had come into 
town to hoot it out with the e -
tablished "king of th hill". Wa!>h-
ington University. 

Unfonunately for the Triton, 
when it came tim for the big 
. howdown in the middle of main 
treet, the young up tart got beaten 

to the draw by the old master as 
Wa hington downed U SD, 15-

12, 12- 15, 15-6, and 15-13. The 
Triton became ju t another notch 
on the handle of Wa hington' s 
proverbial ott .45. 

The conte!>t went right down to 
the wire, a the two squads bauled 
to a 13-13 tie in the final game 
before Washington won the last 
two point to prevail over SD. 

The defeat wa th Tritons ' first 
Division III loss of the ea on, 

dropping their overall record to 
27-7 while Wa hington improved 
to an impressive 22-2. 

But, this might not be the last 
time the e two will face each other 
thi sea on. 

In fact, Saturday night 's match 
may have just been a preview of 
thing to come becau e it's not 
unlikely that U SD and Washing-
ton will cro s path again. 

But thi time, it might be for the 
whole ball of wax - the N AA 
Oivi ion III national champion-
ship. 

U SD didn ' t fly all the way to 

St. Louisju t to play Washington. 
In fact, the Triton held up very 
well in a tournament that was al-
mo t completely composed of top-
20 caliber Division III volleyball 
teams and, ex ept for the Wa h-
ington match, UCSD essentially 
dominated the competi tIOn. 

riday 's matches went e pe-
ially well for the Triton • a they 

easily advan ed out of pool play 
with a 15-6, 15-9, 15- 13 victory 
over Wheaton (MA) ollegeand a 
15-3, 15-6, 15-7 stomping f Ne-
bra ka-We leyan. 

See W. V-BALL, Page 23 


