
In ide ... 

4 
Men~ Hoop Keeps 
On Rolling 201 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 69, #8 MONDAY, JANUARY 29,1 990 
--------------------------------------~.----------------------------------~~~---------~---

The RIMAe Referendum 

ote cheduled On 
Multipurpose Center 
By ANTON BITTNER 
News £e/itol 

- --

A !>pec ial A.S. referendum 
consisting solely of a propo al for 
a new Recreations, Intramural , 
Athletics, and Event Center will 
be held Feb. 6-8. 

The referendum is the final 
propo ul of a committee that was 
fomled a year and a half ago to 
discuss the need for an event cen-
ter at UCSD. The event center, 
known as RIMAC, is the product 
of the evaluation of 4,000 solicited 

This story is the finst in a two-
part series Q!'I the RIMAe 
referendum. 

tudent questionnaire collected in 
the fall quarter of 1988, according 
to RIMAC Co-chair Paul Lanning. 

According to infonnation pro-
vided by the committee, the pro-
po ed facility is a 2 10,000 'quare- . 
foot multipurpo e structure that in-
clude basketball/volleyball court , 
reservable and open access weight 
training rooms, handball/racquet-
ball/squash courts. a ports pro 
'hop, a sauna, a jacuzzi, locker 
room ', and a 5,000 seat events 
arena, among other athletic/rec-
reational feature . 

Registration Fee Committee 
representative Mike Amiri said the 
approximate cost for RIMAC i 
$30 million . 

The chancellor ha committed 
$2 million to the building of RI-
MAC if the referendum passes, 

and will be responsible for the 
fundraising of another $6 mi ll ion. 
The re t of the cost must be payed 
by students through student regis-
tration fees, Ami ri said. 

The referendum advocates rais-
ing the student recreation fee from 
$12 to $82 per quarter, an increa e 
of 70 that would go into effect 
when the building is completed in 
the 1993-4 academic year. After 
theopeningofthe facilities, the fee 
would increase $5 every five years 
for 25 years, bringing the fee to 
$95 by 20 J 8, according to the terms 
of the referendum. 

Con idenng the predicted en-
rollment for UCSD over these 25 
years, student will be generating 
over $170 million from recreational 
fees to pay RIMAC' s maintenance 
and operation costs, according to 
RIMAC Advi or Randall Giles. 

Amiri pointed out, however, that 
if more than $6 mill ion is raised, 
fees would decrease. 

"If somebody wants to donate 
[more than $6 million], the money 
would go to decrease the fee ," 
Amiri said. 

How the money will be raised 
has not yet been determined, but 
according to Asi stant Vice-Chan-
cellorandRlMAC' Co-ChalrTom 
Tucker, it is a priority of the Uni-
versity to raise thi money. He al 0 
said it is a particularly large com-
mitment. Tucker pointed out that 
only $2.8 million had been rai ed 
for the construction of the Price 

See RIMA ,page 3 

Frank Lum/GI/(/I', ' :UJI 
LAWN GONE- The Urey Lawn will be replaced by an addition 
to Urey Hall, scheduled for completion in Jan. 1991 

Cente B To Vot 
On Co-Op Resolution 
By ANDREA ADLEMAN 
Senior Staff Writer 

The Universi ty Center Board 
will vote tonight on a co-op resolu-
tion presented at last week' s Board 
meeting that is intended to clarify 
the Board 's po ition in mediating 
an on-going di pute between the 
CO- (.:? and the administration re-

garding lea e . 
The re olut ion wa!> presentl!d 

by UCSD tudent Andy Howar at 
last Monday ' University Cen.er 
Board (UCB) meeting. 

---- -------------------- ----- --------------~ 

"The difficulty we have i that 
these people seem to have forgot-
ten the idea that they' re uppo. ed 
to be repre enting us, and we b.l i- . 
cally want to know where [rhe 
Board] stands," Howard said. 

Round Table Temporarily Halts 
Alcohol Sales After Minor's Arrest 

By RANDY OOTlNGA 
Senior SlajfWriler 

Round Table Pizza, located 
in the Price Center, temporarily 
halted salc::s of beer and wine 
Friday night after a minor was 
arrested, apparently for u ing a 
fake ID to obtain alcohol. 

Donna Capuozzo. co-owner 
of Round Table, said under-
cover repre entat ive. from 
Alcoho lic Beverage Control 
(ABC) were at the restaurant 
around 7:30 Friday IIl ght. 

Act:ording to UCSD Police 
gt. Jeff Hutchison, BC ar-

rested, ci ted. and released a 
mlllOt who had a fake I D and 
was III posse'>sion of an alco-
holic bevcr..tgc. 

Hutchison ~ald hI,: \\ as lin 
certa in of the exact Lharges 
again. tthcminor,andABCv.a. 
unava ilable for comment as of 
, unda) evening. 

apuozzo said that . lIltCI tilt: 
IrtCst. " 11 "a [I Be' ) fcelin ' 

that there were many more minors 
inside drinking. They strongly sug-
gested that we topserving alcohol 
at that point. 

"We wanted to cooperate as we 
could with them, so we did as they 
uggested," she added. 

According to Capuozzo, the 
restaurant then stopped serving 
beer and wine for the rest of !he 
evening, and clo ed early because 
of the lack of busine . 

However. Capuozzo reported 
that Round Table was serving al-
cohol as usual on Saturday. 

"At this point we' re waiting for 
a report [from the BC), and they 'll 
end it to u!> and we' ll be culled to 

the AB for a hearing," ~hc <,md. 
CapuoLZo ,Idmitted th ,\l the 

H.'staurant ha .. had tro uble wi th 
minors drinkllH! alcohol befOle, 
tnc1udin ' tho. c who drink bever-
<t iles ordered b\ frie nd~ of legal 
dn nl-.ing age. 

To pI vent underage. drinkln" . 
Round 1 abk i ues \·ri :-.tbafl!1s to 
tho .. eoVt'r ~1 lIlfridayni ht • mtl 

employees patrol the tables to 
make sure those without wrist-
bands do not drink, according to 
Capuozzo. 

During the re t of the week. 
those of legal drinking age re-
ceive hand stamp to show they 
can drink. 

Capuozzo said that about six 
customers are asked to leave the 
restaurant each Friday night be-
cau e they drink their compan-
ion • alcoholic beverages. 

"At first, what wa happen-
ing wa that we wouldjust warn 
them, but that wasn ' t working. 
We were forced into saying they 
'hould leave for the evening," 
she saId. 

s a result of Fr iday ' ~ inci 
dcnt, Capuollo said that Round 
Table ' '> sec uri ty procedure 
agatnst underage drinking are 
"t>bviou. ly not worl-.ing." 

,\wners, we'll have to si t 
,hl\VIl. nil scc what we c an do to 

~'r \ ellt thi:- from happening." 
he ,lid 

The Board, consi ting of a I 1-
voting tudent chair and nine v t-
ing tudents repre enting several 
on-campus con tituencies, adv i ~e ' 
the UC D admini tration on ~ u-
dent Center deci ion . 

Mo t UCB member feel their 
role in the contract di pute lie b .-
tween repre enting the tudent und 
mediating between tudents and 
the administration. 

The ongoing di pute tha t 
prompted Monday' s resolution 
stem from section 5.07 of the 
Student Center pace agreement, 
titled "Key I suance and Usag.e," 
The clau e state that co-ops must 
be on the Un ivers ity' rna ter key 
ystem, and that the admini tra-

tion wi ll i 'sue key,> to members of 
the co-op '. 

Although the dispute over key 
i ' uance and u~age IS the root t f 
the cont rO\ ersy, IIO\\ ard .lIld \) h-
er-, pre~ r to placc the is. ue 111 th 
conte.\ t 01 sllIdcnt ~ )wer. 

\ Cl. I dl l ~ t ) II \ ani. there 1ft:: 
WI P) Itinn that th ~' l '13 n 

1,lkt'. 

• p.I~~ J 

acuity 
Disc s 
Lab Tie 
By CHRIS STEINS 
SlUff Writer 

The UCS D Academic Senate 
met last week to discuss an advi-
sory report that ugge ted that the 
UC hould phase out its responsI-
bility for operating the Lawrence 
Livermore and Los Alamo Na-
tional Laboratories. 

A faculty committee- fonned by 
the Academic Senate two year 
ago to examine the relationship 
between, the UC and the Los 
Alamos and Lawrence Livennore 

ational Laboratorie concluded, 
in a report relea ed in ovember. 
that the C shou ld "phase out its 
responsibility for operatll1g the 
laboratories. " 

A panel of fo ur experts dIS-
cussed the report before opening 
the meeting 10 a general di cu sion 
and vote. The report was intended 
to infonn the Academic Senate, 
comprised of UCSD facu lt y 
members, should the> choose to 
play an adviso\) role 111 the Re-
gents' deci ion on thi que tion. 

The Department of Energy 
contracted th lJC to manage the 
Los Alamos L.lb in the early 1940s 
during the re earch and production 
of the atomic bombs that were u ed 
in World War n. Some year later 
the Univer ity wa contracted to 
manage tht: Lawrence Livermore 
Laborator> as well. The Regents 
mu t vote every five years on 
whether or not to renew the con-

I 
tracts. 

Karl Hufbaucr, professor of 
hi tory at UC Irvine and a member 
of the facul ty advisory committee, 
began the di cUSiion by sugge t-
ing that UC operation of the lab i 
not con istent with what he sees a 
its role of public er'v ice. 

Becau e t~e ~rimary aim of the 
labs i to maintain the United 
State • technological lead in the 
area of nuclear weapons, accord-
ing to a recent Academic Senate 
report , 25 percent of the re earch i 
classified, and between 55 and 75 
percent i corducted in facilit ie ' to 
which ecuri ty clearance i re-
quired. 

According to Hufbauer, these 
percentage are "not compatible 
with the University's commitment 
to freedom of expre ion." 

Herbert York, profes 'oremeri-
tu . of phy IC ' at U SD, 'aid that 
Ilthough It is nece. sary th~tome 
work be conducted in ecure fa-
cili tte., " the quality of the pro-
gJ<lIllS are better .. . and re ults in 
a much greater freedom with re-
spect to Ideas and partiCIpation in 
the poltcy pr ce'>s" due to UC 
man.lgement. 

According to panel member 
John Ruggle. rrotes~or f II1terna-

~ , e L B , page 3 



uc EW 
Ten UCL Student, One Prof 
Arrested In Sen. Wilson's Office 

"Stop the death squads, stop the war. l.S. out of El 
Suh adol," hunted I 0 UCLA student, a~ fellow prote,t-
ers, including l CLA Profe"or De\lIa Cody, were e~­
cot1ed out of Senator Pl!te Wibon', office in handcuff 

\\'t.'C1n(',da~ . 
AlthouF-h Jume~ Lee, pre" ,ecretaf) for Wihon (R-

Cal.l. rep,-aredl:v told the DJil\' Bruin that "the protest-
er a~c k .. vll1g theofiicc peacefully." 14 people were ar-
re:.tcd after they reiu,cd to leave Wtbon', West Lo, 
Angeles offi ,'. 

"This :s u good example of dtsmfonnatton," said 
Pledge of Re-..lstance member Robyn Do) ne. "Lee told 
the pres there would be no arrests, out as soon as you 
went back upstair.. you tound :mes(s taking place. [Lee] 
\\ ill probably gl\'e , good smile and a handshake, but 
.. he'll put) our ta:\ Jollar, mto bombs and death ,quads 
i'l E~ Sah ~dor. ' 

Be~ausc Wihon, \\ ho \\ a, in \Vashington Wednes-
da;, h3, hlstortcally supported mlht<lf) aId to El alva-
dar, prote. ter, dId not carry high hopes of swaymg hiS 
Opll1lon. 

.. !t ' s not a mailer of success It'S a matter of educa-
Ilon. ' said UCLA ,tudent Am) Sau .. ,er, member of 

~tudent: m olidarit) wlIh the Central Amencan People 
SISCAP1. the campus group that rallied UCLA student 

,uppon for the protest. 
She expressed hope that if people were made awarc of 

. theMan) deaths caused by weapons paid for by the U.S. 
gO\ernment," the} would be more careful in choosing 
their elected offiCIals. 

Christine Hagstrom 
Daily Bruill 

Labwatch Looks At Weapon 
Production Involvement At UCS 

As the renewal date for the management contract 
between the tJntverstty of CalifornIa and two national 
nuclear laboratone~ draws c1o~er, ,everal student or-
g.lIl!zallon~ are gearing up to raIse awareness of the 

Calvin and Hobbes 

, 

I 
,I~ 

,;. 
,. 
J, 

~ ~ :..v 

S\.\~i:, COlt\I~ , 
OJ\CI:.. GET 

UN.I)£~ \).\E. 
OVPlIC.r..~ 

F/:)\( , 

-rr-

Ulllvcrsit) 's involvemcllI with weapons production. 
The !i\c-yearcontract, disputed by the campus groups 

Lab\\ atch. UCSB ASSOCiated Student~ undBeyond War, 
comes up for renewal in Scptember of 1990, The nuclear 
laboratorics in Livem10re and Los Alamm, Callf. are the 
onl) tllO lar"ratones 111 the U.S. developmg new nuclear 
weapons. 

The goal of Lab\\ atch. a student group \\hiclll1loni-
tor, Ihe labs' activitie!i, is " ... to educate students, 
faculty, and the surrounding communit), about the 
management of the national laboratories. " according to 
Labw;Jtch member DaVId Braun. 

Braun believe~ much of the controversy surrounding 
the labs is a resull of the unwillingness of lab manage-
ment to reveal facts about the laboratories, 'The labs 
cenainl) enjoy hiding behind the cloaks of the Uc. and 
the effect is that they don't let the fact~ out," he said. 

Braun hopes to create a UC-wide student organiza 
tion that will ultimately put pressure on UC President 
Da\'id Gardnerand the Regent- to halt UC's lIlvolvement 
with the weapons laboratories. A key ingredient for 
sUCCess of the petition drive and the movement tn general 
i, "commul1Jcations with other campuse ," Braun Be· 
Iicves. 

In addition to moral questions over UC's im olvement 
with the labs, Braun argues that such management re-
quires a disproponionate amount of time and effort from 
the UC Regent, and preSIdent-time and effon he feels 
could be bener ~pent on other mailers. 

Alex Salkever 
Daily Nl'.llIs 

New Students Lean To The Left 
College students across the country have rektndled 

the wal1Jng activ ists' flame and tend to lean to the liberal 
side of almo t all issues except crime and drug use, 
according to a UCLA survey released last week. 

Six out of every seven college first-year students 
believe that "the federal government is not doing enough 
to control environmental pollution," ays the nationwide 
first-year student survey compiled jointly by UCLA's 
Higher Education Research Institute and the American 
Council on Education. 

The 24th annual survey says that 26.1 percent (up 
from 1 5.9 percent in 1986) of thosc qucstioned feel that 
it is 3 "very important life goal to become involved in 

by Bill Watterson 

\1 ,l.wa.RS 11ft:. 't\CRST' 
~C\J~ ~\l'ST ?~\ IS 
\'£lI.P'CiRAIf.D nI~T' I !JOI.\r 
t«ol'o\£R. CRIM£. mJl. I\~vt 

. ...... . ... ' ... 

" 'i£J>,\\ f NO. '" 
\ m~£s B~~I 

r~ Ck OOt~ 
nllO SlWF 
11>'1 Gffi1WG 
BUt-lk.O f<lIl. 

1 
1 

______ .-.J 

programs that clean up the envIronment." 
"These trends show not on" thut most students wunt 

more governmental action in the environmental field. 
but that an increasing number of them arc \\ illing to 
become personally involve.:l in the effort ." said UCLA 
Graduate School of High~r EdUColllon Professor and 
survey director Alexanc.lel W. Astin 

t~UCSD 
Steve Macauley 

(,'CL\ Dui/v Bruin 

EWS 
International Affair Film Focuses 
On Foreign Financing Fiasco 

The IntcrnallOnal Affalls C roup. as part of theIr "Eye 
on the Third World" progr.11l1 IS spomonng "Don't Eat 
Today, or Tomorrow" on the subject of foreign debt. 
ThIS film show. how external debts arise, and ponrays 
the dilemma of a country \\ here a new coup threatens, if 
the democratic government cannot pay the huge debts 
owed to the banks. It also looks al the role of the 
multlllalional banks and corporation>. and of the Intemu 
11011<11 Monetary Fund. The lilm will be ~h()wn in Pepper 
Canyon Lodge at 7 p.m. on Wednesda), Jan. 31. Com-
mentator for the discussion period following the film will 
be Peter Smith, a professor ofpolttical ciencc at UCSD. 
SmIth is a specialist in comparative politics, methodol-
ogy. and Latin American politics. 

Verse Virtuosos Vie For Victory 
Poetry prizes worth $44,000 will be awarded to 608 

poets by the American Poetry Association in 1990. The 
association will sponsor four separate contests this year, 
doubling its effons to discover new talent. 

Each contest awards a $1 ,000 grand prize, a $500 first 
prize, and a total of $11 ,000 in prizes to 152 winners. 

For the current contest, poets may send up to ix 
poems, each no more than 20 lines, name, and address on 
each page, to American Poetry As ociarion, Dept. CO-
30, 250-A Potrero St., P. O. Box 1803, Santa Cruz, 
95061. Poems must be postmarked by March 31 to meet 
the deadline. 

reI Show 

-( 1I111Jlilui b\ ( Olthl rill 
and • on n II, As 0 ral, ,-"w EtlitOl 

Monday, January 29, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

LABS: Academic Senate Plans Vote 
Continued from page I 
tional relations and Pacific studies 
at UCSD, the staff at the laborato-
ries have much greater expression 
of academic freedom than they 
might otherwise have if the labs 
were managed by a private organi-
zation. 

The advisory report suggested 
that one of the criteria for deter-
mining the UC'sfunctionofpublic 
service is that all activities "con-
tribute to human well-being." 

Hufbauer advised that, due to 
the nature of work the labs per-
fonn, each member of the Senate 
must decide this issue individu-
ally, but in his own opinion, "I 
would ay no, as a species we do 
not need [nuclear weapons), and 
these are not a contribution to 
human well-being." 

were also raised about the type of 
image that is being suggested by 
UC management, especially amid 
recent allegations by envi ron-
mental groups that large amounts 
of plutonium, the dangerous ra-
dioactive substance needed in the 
con truction of nuclear weapons, 
were left unattended in the Law-
rence Livermore Laboratory. 

York responded to these allega-
tions by suggesting that many of 
them have been blown out of pro-
ponion, while others are "simply 
false." He reminded the Senate that 
the University has managed the 
labs for 40 years, and the govern-
ment has consistently supported 
the relationship. 

He acknowledged that mistakes 
have been made, but that it would 
be impossible to "imagine an or-
ganization of this size engaging in 
this many years of work and not 
commit a lot of boo-boos." 

According to Lynn Harris, 
manager of the Academic Senate, 
the mail ballots will be returned 
and tallied by the end of February, 
and at that time the San Diego 
Division of the Academic Senate 
will present their recommendation 
to the Regents. The Regents are 
expected to vote in September on 
whether to negotiate with the 
Department of Energy to continue 
the existing contract. 

RIMAe 
Continued from page 1 
Center. 

In order for the referendum 
results to be valid, at least 20 per-
cent (the average voter turnout in 
the last three elections) of the stu-
dent population at UCSD, both 
undergraduate and graduate, must 
vote on the referendum. Fifty per-
cent plus one of those voting must 
vote yes fort he referendum to pass. 

Lanning said there is some con-

NEWS 3 

Roth'. WAitEHOUSE·tn K_my Mesa, _r Convoy St, ' 
FUTONS OR FRAMES 

5% DISCOUNT 4-WAY LOUNGI. & 6" .UTON 
when you buy cotton solid luton & Twin $96.90 Queen $126.35 
Iounger herein, simuHaneously Full $114.95 King $190.00 

PUTO .. I NYONS 
&: II.: lI.: [ 

Twin $60 $80 Twin $69$89 
Ful $70 590 Ful sag S!09 
Queen $80 $100 <Men $99 $129 
King $1105130 (~1oItn. 
(COIIOf/) 2 pi«Is in COIf) 

I ::Pwtoot PUI'ON CO .... 
&: II.: Sold Prin! Twin S109 $129 T $31 S50 Ful S11 9 $139 

Quaen $129 $149 F $3& S55 
1-1>011-/ Q $311 SIll 

NIW no .. HOUU 
Thun. 12-7 pm; Fri. 12-6 pm 
Sat. ID-S pm; Sun. 11-4 pm 
Mon,·Wed. appointment. 
292-4673 or 569-7081 
VISA-MASTERCARD-YESl 

N1'OIII NTOIIS 
&: II.: ............. 

Twin $65 S85 &: [ 
FuH $75 $95 Twin SS9 $109 
CkJeen S85 $105 Ful $99 $119 
1/ pi«lQ/- Queen S109 $129 
in cor.} IPMI«I.,.lSidt} 

PltAJUI 4.WAY 
"'LLIID LOU ..... 
Pine $109 ...... 
Oak $199 Twin S42 
Swing $169 Ful $51 
Steel $266 Queen S53 
Chelsea $159 King $90 

LAltGi INnNTO.Y TAilll 
Prices subject to change. 

Oeivery available. 
·4807 Mercury St" Warehou .. uFH 

Take t·B05 or to 1·163 to Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Go 2 blocks south on Mercury St., on 

NE comer 01 Merc~ and Ronson Rd. 

Ruggie suggested, however, 
that it is not an accident that "we 
are living through the longest pe-
riod of the absence of major power 
war in the history of the modem 
state system ... this probably has 
something to do with the deterrent 
role of nuclear weapons." 

After a half hour of general 
discussion and questions, a resolu-
tion supporting the advisory 
committee's conclusion to "phase 
out its responsibility for operating 
the labs while maintaining its 
cooperative relationship with [the 
labs) in teaching and research" was 
passed by a 26-23 vote. 

fusion among students on this point • ________________________ • 
because of the Athletic Upgrade 
Referendum two years ago in which 
66.6 percent plus one affirmative 
votes were needed. This referen-
dum, establishing a new $ 15 fee 
that would establish a football pro-
gram among other things, fa iled 
despite approximately 60 percent 
approval. 

Another of the criteria named 
by the advisory report toward de-
fining the public ervice role of the 
University is the belief that the ac-
tivities'in question have no erious 
adverse effects on the University. 

Hufbauer suggested. however. 
that the role the UC plays in oper-
ating the labs has adverse effects 
o n the University because of the 
burden he aid it places on the ad-
ministration. 

During the discussion follow-
ing the panel's report, questions 

A few minutes later a econd 
resolution was passed, calling for a 
ballot to be mailed to all the 
members of the Academic Senate 
to vote on both the initial resolu-
tion and a second resolution rec-
ommending tltat the Regents rene-
gotiate their contract with the 
Department of Energy to continue 
managing the labs. 

UCB: CO-Op Vote Tonight 
Continued from page I 

"If they ' re going to maintain Nick Long, "On the one hand, [co-
that they don ' t have the power, ops) have requests that they'd like 
then what the hell are they doing to see happen and for the most pan 
on that Board? Why don 't they get they're reasonable. 1 can under-
out of the way if they have any stand why they want their au-
integrityandquitputtingtheirface, tonomy, so to speak," Long said. 
a student face, on the Waleed Moubarak, the Board's 
administration's iron-fisted at - Fifth College representative, ex.-
tempts to mash our organiza- plained the other side of the de-
tions?" Howard asked. bate. 

Jason Carbone, the Board' s The co-ops "are not just out 
chair, said that not all UCB mem- there by themselves. They have to 
bers should feel obligated to vote confonn somewhat," he said. 
in favor of the co-ops. Groundwork member S.R. 

"Just because that's the way the Jones explained the co-ops' point 
co-ops are feeling doesn't mean of view, 
that is the way everybody on this "You can ' t fault the admini-
Board has to feel," Carbone said. stration for trying to get more 

According to Carbone, "admin- power, but you can fault the UCB 
istrative sources" have indicated for sitting back and letting student 
that the administration will not power rode to this state and being 
change its decision regarding the afraid to take a stand. 

There are three different sites 
proposed for the RIMAC structure 
pending its passage. Two are lo-
cated near the recreation fields in 
Third College and the other is 
located east of Interstate 5. Ac-
cording tobothLanningandAmiri , 
the committee's preference is for 
either of the two ites located in 
Third College. 

The site east of Interstate 5 has 
been designated as an area for a 
sports arena in the Long Ran ge 
Development Plan for UCSD. It 
was Ii ted as an option by the 
RIMAC committee because of the 
competition for space on the main 
campus. 

If the referendum passes, the 
comm ittee would immediately 
solicit architects for acontract. The 
architect would be selected by June 
of this year, and ground breaking 
would take place by June of 1991 , 
according to Lanning. 

Referring to the proposed size 
ofRlMAC, Lanning said: "Put a 
roof overtheperimeter of the Price 
Center, including the plaza and the 
actual structure, [and) that's about 
the size of [the RIMAC structure). 

"If you take the Wooden Center 
at UCLA ... the Berkeley Center at 
UC Berkeley, which are both ath-
letic complexes, put the tWO to-
gether, and that would be slightly 

LEAVE A VOID 
IN THE NOID 

Call us! 
452-UCSD 

3211 Holiday Court 
OPEN EVERYDAY FOR LUNCH at 11 a.m. 

OPEN LATE EVERYNIGHT TtL 1 a.m. 

Get your choice: TwoDomino'sORIGINAL 
Pizzas or Two Domino's PAN Pizzas for . 
ONLY $10.88. Plus tax. Additional topping : 
just 93¢ per pizza. Just Ask! • 

CALL US! : II 4S2-UCSD • • 3211 Holiday Court • 
- . ® ExpIres 6/30/90 • 
Um~od delivery 01 .. ~ """,e sale doMng, <M drive" carry less tt... $20. 
No! good ",111 any olho< oller. Pllees may vary. • • 

• 
---... ----~-.... -.~. NOtO ChIf-=-r .,. htgI-.r.c:I !, Idem., ... ~ •• Pula. Inc NOtO' ~ 

WtI VirIIon Proc:tuc;tM)f'ls, Inc; e1tl9 Oommo', Plut., Inc. 

key issuance clause of the lease. "They'retheoneswhocanstand 
He feels that the Board 's power is up and say, ' Werefuse. Weare not 
limitr.:l because it does not set going to let you walk all over the 
policy but rather makes recom- co-ops. We are not goingtoletyou 
mendations to the administration. walk all over student organiza-

According to UCB member tions,' " Jones said. 
smaller than the [RIMAC] struc- .. ------...... ----------..... ---.. 
ture," Lanning aid. 

The home of the 
49¢ halll.burger. 

1 m U{'l)OIIalti~ M ~ J{lou, I , 
7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

~ n.~1!fIII1!!-----------------------ALLAMEruCAN-MEAL---Quarter Pounder® with Cheese, Medium Fry, II Medium-Size Soft Drink ~ /i::= II 
II limit one coupon per J t $199 II II customer. per visit , Please US II 

present coupon when (plUI tax) II II ordering. Not valid with 
II ff Only at. II any other 0 er. 71.0 Miramar Id 

~_=-.. ,... ___ 5;:a .~ 
_____ 1 ••••• 1_1_1_1 ________ _ 

• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Illstrllct()r's COllrse Readers 

Ca~ C[]py • • • • 
• 

• SELF SERVICE COPIERS • 
• VOLUME DISCOUNTS • 

• • PROFESSORS NOTES 
• 

• Free Parking • 
• Book Binding • 

• • Copies while you wait • 
• 

HoIIrs: li0ii.·'l11li. 8:304:30; FrI. 1: ... ; SIIt,12-4 • 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 29, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER, Editor in Chief 
DA VlD WYNER, Managing Editor 
A TO BIIT ER, ews Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, ews Editor 
DA VlD BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

Tht! UCSD GlwrdiQIIlspubll'lohcd I~ Ice w~ld)' :Illhe' Unl\'c:rsllyofC.hfornil. San DI~J:o . Conlenu CI990 
Vie ..... s c:,,~~ kerrln rtpt'rsenllhc: m1IJCWlly vote: oftheec:htonal board, and arc not necessarily Ihm.c oflke 
UC Boo.rd of Rcgcnu.. the ASUCSD nor (he cnti~ Guardian gaff. 

Urey Lawn 

The Concrete Jungle 
They told us they were going to do it. They told us last year. 

But we didn't really believe it was going to happen. 
Urey Lawn, the wonderful stretch of greenery between Urey 

Hall and the Gym, is being tom up for an expansion to Urey Hall. 
It was one of the last gra sy areas in the center of campus, and now 
it's going to be concrete too. 

For students who have been at UCSD for several years, Urey 
Lawn i full of memories. Open House used to take place in that 
area. The Fall Festival on the Green was held there, and the 
"Green" referred to the gras that is soon to be tom up. 

This editorial has a somewhat melancholy tone, a far cry from 
the anger expressed in the letter on the subject on the opposite 
page. But that's because there really is very little that can be done. 
It's too late. 

There is a place for anger, however. and action. As the campus 
develops. tudents must keep an eye on plans for the future. and 
must guard zealously the few remaining patches of greenery left. 

In 1984. UCSD was still a lush, wooded campus. Eucalyptus 
groves sprung up around campus, Warren campus was full of 
greenery, and small animals were a common sight here. But even 
then, The Guardian ran an editorial headlined "Planners and the 
Paved Paradise." The more things change ... 

But student do have options. They can stay informed and 
work with their student leaders - and protest - to stop further 
encroachment on greenery . The Long Range Development Plan 
promi es acres of undeveloped land on campus, but a look at the 
map in the report shows that most of this land is on the fringes of 
campus. and a large portion of it is unusable canyons. 

The pro~e I Wednesday mentioned in the letter may not - in 
fact. almost certainly will not - stop the destruction of Urey 
Lawn. But it will hopefully send a message to the administration: 
students care about the beauty, not just the utility. of the campus. 
More importantly. students will not sit idly by as more trees fall . 
and more lawns are ripped up and paved over. We won't accept 
a " Fall Festival on the Concrete." 

Euphoria 

Eastern Europe 
Can there be democracy in Eastern Europe? This is an impor-

tant question. but one that has been lost in the images of Germans 
dancing on the WaH and Nocolae Ceausescu's body slumped 
against a wall. 

Eastern Europe. the London Economist points out. has been 
running on euphoria. But once the dust settles. the fragile 
democracies will have to take quick action to begin to solve 
problems. Already. we 've seen Romanians demanding that they 
instantly be given all of the consumer goods they were denied for 
decades. and Bulgarians interpreting democracy to mean that the 
Bulgarian majority could suppress the Muslim minority. 

Democracies are fragile things. young ones especially so. 
Promises of aid will help, but over everything looms an ugly 
unknown: Can Gorbachev survive? Will ethnic Russian Com-
munists accept the dissolution of the Soviet Union? If not. will 
the dissidents in the Soviet Union accept armed force to keep the 
Union together? 

And most frightening: If Gorbachev falls, are the reforms in 
Eastern Europe reversible? Can the genie be put back in the 
bottle? 

The truth is, there is more danger from within the Eastern 
European countries than from the Soviet Union. The people of 
these countries will probably begin to demand goods and serv-
ices. and will howl loudly when the transition to the free market 
results in higher rents and unemployment. 

There is much to be excited about as democracy and freedom 
come to the Eastern bloc and the Iron Curtain crumbles, but there 
is also danger. The wealthy countries of the West must provide 
aid to these countries. as Senator Bob Dole points out. but the aid 
must be connected to continued progress on human rights. 

When the euphoria subsides. there will be hard work for the 
new democracies. The West must help where it can, and hope. 

I ')..EttERs l 
What Feminism Really Means 
Editor: 

I'm writing in reference to the 
commentary by Julie Puzon, 
"Feminists Go Too Far" (Guard-
ial/, Jan. 22). I wa startled by Ms. 
PUlon's ignorance about feminists 
and the misleading way in which 
she presented the issue. Her com-
mentary served onl y to distort the 
essence of feminism. Contrary to 
what she seems to believe. it has 
nothing to do with women "im-
plementing a 'double- tandard' " 
again t men. 

Feminism,assupported by both 
men and women, aims at elimi-
nating social. political. and eco-
nomic roles assigned on the sole 
basis of gender. Period. It has 
nothing to do with"pro-women" 
groups that think they are better 
than men, or feel they deserve 
special privileges that men do not 
enjoy. 

Puzon' s commentary strayed 
even further from feminist views 

when she insinuated that they 
condone "commercials depicting 
men as stupid imbeciles who can't 
do anything without women to 
guide them." 

What makes Ms. PUlon even 
associate femini m with images 
like this? Feminists oppose these 
kinds of gender stereotypes as well 
(yes, they even reject nasty por-
trayals of male gender roles. Ones 
like this. which imply that women 
should remain in their traditional 
role a the caretakers of incapable 
men. are especially decried by 
feminists). Any kind of role as-
signment on the basi of ex, 
whether good or bad, for male or 
female, is not supported by femi-
nists. 

While I'll admit that there are 
fanatics who can get carried away 
with i sues (whether it's a cry of 
racism, sexism. or any other kind 
of prejudice), an entire movement 
should not be tainted by a minor-

ity of radicals who try to associate 
themselves with a re Lt-ectal '. 
legitimate group. 

Ms. Puzon should not have 11 ed 
the term "feminist" so loosely. It 
was misleading and perpetuated a 
false stereotype of feminists as 
pro-women, anti-men discrimina-
tors . 

Rather than demonstrating her 
ignorance on the subject (or per-
haps her careless misuse of terms), 
it 's too bad that she didn't realize 
that feminists support the same 
thing she calls for in her commen-
tary: "We should all consider the 
discrimination that both sexes 
foster and allow." Bravo! It' that 
very desire to eliminate discrimi-
nation by either gender that de-
fines a feminist. 

Perhaps if Ms. Puzon would 
have gotten her definitions 
straight, she would have realized 
that her poorly-aimed attacks were 
against the very group that sup-
ports the same non-discrimination 
views as she does. 

Michele Macosky 

Said Presented Inaccurate View of Israel 
Editor: 

In your Jan. 22 issue you published a story regard-
ing the lecture by Dr. Edward Said on the Israeli-
Palestinian conflict. In the article, you quoted Dr. 
Said as saying the Palestinian people in the occupied 
territories live in "a state of apartheid." 

Having lived in Israel last year while on the 
University of California's Education Abroad Pro-
gram, I take exception to the statement by Dr. Said. 
and the manner in which you quoted him, which 
portrayed his statement as a basic fact of the complex 
situation. 

While I concede that prejudice and human rights 
violations against Palestinians do exist in the occu-
pied territories, calling the military administration of 
the territories "a state of apartheid" is a gross exag-
geration and a specious analogy. 

First. Palestinians living in the occupied territo-
ries have access to Israel's Supreme Court. They can 
appeal any such human rights violations to the high-
est court in the Israeli system of justice. Many 
Palestinians have taken advantage of this opportu-
nity. Further, many have won rulings in their favor, 
resulting in the punishment of Israeli military per-
sonnel. 

More importantly. the confl ict in the occupied 
territories results not from prejudice, as Dr. Said's 
South African analogy suggests. Rather, the situ-
ation stems from the Palestinian people and Arab 
nations surrounding Israel constantly attacking the 

BENSON 

Jewish state. Since its conception in 1948, Israel has 
been in five wars , all of them in self-defense. The 
West Bank and Gaza Strip. acquired from the War of 
1967, are not democracies under any pretense. They 
are ruled according to the standards of international 
law for military occupation set forth in the Fourth 
Geneva Convention. 

In addition, the Palestinians who live in Israel 
proper. whom Dr. Said does not mention, are citizens 
of the state. have all the right to vote. and are 
represented in the Knesset, the Israeli parliament. by 
an Arab political party. 

The crux of the matter is that prejudice and human 
rights abu es are not legislated in Israel as in South 
Africa. Instead, they are the tragic result of the State 
orIsrael existing in a state of war readiness and liv ing 
under perpetual terrorist attacks. 

I abhor prejudice and human rights abuses of any 
people. I hope to live in an age where Israelis and 
Palestinians can neighbor each other in peace and 
harmony . We cannot solve complex situations. 
though, by using negligent and false analogies. Only 
through deeper understanding of the pain of both the 
Palestinian and Israeli people will we bring peace to 
this ravaged part of the world. 1 hope in the future The 
Guardian will take a more responsible approach to 
the reporting of such sensitive and complex topics. 

David L. Green 
Editor in Chief 

The L'Chayim Quartuly 

Monday, January 29, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

The Administration is Stealing Our Lawn 
Editor: 

Today the administration of thi university has 
taken another step in the battle against the desires of 
the student population. 

The fence surrounding beautiful and relaxing 
U rey Lawn is an omen foreshadowing the truth about 
the administration's intentions to build a new con-
crete structure. The barbed wire and surreptitious 
manner in which the fence was set up is indicative of 
the type of people who are planning and have planned 
both student policies and future construction on this 
campus. 

Yet , this time the planners have made a tremen-
dous mistake. They have shown their hand in a time 
of rising student concerns against an emotionless 
administration. 

I have been here for too many years and already 
consider myself an expert in reading their designs. 
Usually they wait for students to go on either winter 
or summer break before they start up the tractors and 
bulldozers. 

Who could forget coming back from winter break 
of '86 only to find that the field next to the Sun God 
was being ripped apart in order to provide for a 
faculty club? 

Hey, how about comi ng back from the summer of 
'87 only to find out that bikes and skateboards were 
banned from every part of campus except for Third 
College? 

The years are replete with examples of the game. 
and I'm sure that I have not mentioned them all. In 
fact, what about coming back this last summer and 

Commentary 

discovering night time parking enforcement. 
It does not stop and will not stop until there is a 

massive student reaction. Is anyone reading this? 
Wake up ami hear tile buzz saw! 

If you are a student interested in your future here 
at UCSD, then you will attend the rally in front of the 
Urey fence at noon on Wednesday of January 31st. 

It is in your interest to show up. We have plans for 
the future development of the UCSD campus for at 
leastthe next ten years. As a freshman, I thought that 
the wooded grove was a nature preserve, but then 
they built the Price Center and the faculty club. 

As a sophomore. I believed that they would never 
develop the area near the par course or near the upper 
Third College apartments. However. that was before 
they built the new Third College dorms orthe Spanos 
Center. 

For all those who believe that the Urey Lawn is 
being sacrificed in order not to build on new virgin 
land, please don 't be so gullible. The administration. 
as I have indicated in this letter, has a sordid history 
of building on pristine territory whether you approve 
of it or not. 

My final comment is both a plea and a prediction. 
Please stand up for your future on Wednesday. And 
for all those people living in the Third College 
dorms, at the end of this school year, construction is 
planned to begin on a huge concrete structure on the 
sites of the extension annex and your playing field 
next to K building. 

Sean A, Ravin 
Ted Weiss 

Our Responsibility as Homosexuals 
By TONY VALENZUELA My mother tells me that I seta good example for 

My mother tells me that ifI march, no one's going gay people because I have my dignity and self-re-
to listen to me. I'd march for gay rights if I had to. It spect. I do because I believe it's natural to be gay. It 
has its purpose. I think civil rights groups have done is my true nature. Although I did not always believe 
enough to put it in the minds of people that prejudice this, I always felt it. I did not choose to be gay. This 
and discrimination are not OK. and that they stem is an arguable point. but why argue whether homo-
from misunderstanding. sexuality is biological or sociological or pathologi-

Where homosexuality is concerned. a lot of people cal, when in the end we will always have gay people. 
have taken the attitude that I 'mlucky to have been 
gays should not be perse- ----------------- borngay.I'vebeenforced 
cuted for their sexual "pref- We need to be stronger than to think about why there's 
e rence" and should be al- others-morecomnassion- so much prejudice out 
lowed to live as they ,., there. It is not anyone's 
"choose." Words like "pref- ate and understanding, fault.Thosewhodiscrimi-
erence" and "choice" im- more sensitive to different nate simply have some-
ply acceptance, but very d If. thing to learn. 
little understanding. Gay peoplearoun US, morese - Here I am speaking 
people are still discrimi - confident and dignified. directly to those of you 
nated against by law. in the ______________ -:-~-_ who feel you might be 
church, by employers, in housing, and are targets for gay but are afraid to explore your sexuality. or who 
violence by some people who believe homosexuals are known to the gay community but not to the 
are the minority that is still "OK" to beat up. people that mean themostto you, or, finally. to those 

As gay people, it is our responsibility, individu- of you who put up with ubtle discrimination be-
ally, to try to change misconceptions about us. We cause you are afraid to expose and defend yourself 
need to be stronger than others - more compassion- when someone says something that you know is 
ate and understanding, more sensitive to different wrong. In any of these situations, we have the 
people around us. more self-confident and dignified. See HOMOSEXUAL, page 6 

Drop your IttItr .t the au.rdiMt oIIIcH (In the 
Studlnt Center, ..... lie A.S. ollk:el UIId 10 
btl ~11111it It 10 OpInIon EdItor. Gutllllln, UCSO, 
8-016, LlJoIII, CAID3. LIDIrIIhoutd bttypICI, 
ClcllJl*.ipICId Ind IhIMd lncIudi • IignIIure 
Ind phonI number. We .. _ the right 10 ICIIt 
IItIIn lor IIngth IIId cIIrIIy. 

Roundtrip San Diego 
Phoenix $ JI 
LasVqu $ JI 
Sal Francisco $ 51 
Honolulu $191 
MIIII'II $331 

Restncl10ns do appIyl 
AIrt~nc.' • .,.".IHI ,."aI 
.",.., "MId 0I"P ..... 1 
Council TraVII 

UCSD PRICE CENTER 
(by the Post Office) 

Computers 
LA JOLLA 

UCSD SPECIAL DISCOUNT 
INCLUDES: 
. 2 DRIVES 
. 640 MEMORY 

PRINTER 
• l-YR WARRTY 
• SOFTWARE 

----
----
- - ---

---
- - ---
- - ----
-------_ .-

COMPATIBLE 
Complete System 

$795 
Anything 
you need CALL 454-5544 

11 10 Torrey Pines Road, Suite A 
La Jolla. CA 92037 

Quantities limited 

.:!E rTl 
Financing & lUlInO Available 

OPINION 5 

UCSD FITNESS 
SPECIAL 

AND ONLY $20 PI. MONTH 
on a monthly /xu;s 

AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS-HOIST 

FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 

STAIRMASIER 
UFE CYCLES 
CHILD CARE 

3 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

BEING.'IT® 
3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

Cloiramont Square Shopping Center near lee Wards-Behind Famous Faalwear 

483·9294 
Also in SOSU area 698-1 702. Present this ad and 1.0. 

4150 Regents Park Row, Suite 130 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

457-1007 
• Cofor Copies 
• Binding 

• Loser Printing 
• Fax 

• Self Serve Mocs • Typewriters 

let Us Earn Our Stripes! 



6 OPINION 

Homosexual 
ontinued from page 5 

chance to enlighten ourselves or someone 
else by telling them our perspective. 

I know absolutely that I've affected the 
opinions of my friends and family about 
homo exuality. At the very least, I can ay 
that around me, they never make deroga-
tory statements about gay people. At most, 
I know that some friends who used to say 
"fag" will now confront people for putting 
down homo exuals. And in regard to my 
family, my brothers and sisters will go to 
gay night clubs with me, and my parents. 
e pecially my mother, who used 10 believe 
A.I.D.S. was a curse against homo exual , 
will now tell anyone she ha a gay son. 

Both of my parents have compassion for 
ga) people and suppo! t them in their own 
ways. All of this wasaccompli~hed through 
love, communication, and trust. 1 always 
feel support around me because I am living 
as I'm supposed to be living. 

Before telling my parents, I was pre-
pared for rejection and some people told me 
I'd be thrown out of my house. If that had 
happened, I had arranged to move in with 
my best friend's family, which was pre-
pared to take me. And if I hadn't had them, 
I know I would have had the love and 
support of the gay community. 

It's 'mportant that people love me, or at 
least respect me, for who I am. I don't com-
promise myself for fear of rejection. What 
another per on can't handle is their own 

Cosmetic & Family 
DENTISTRY 
Take the bite out 

of your denial concerns 

274-BITE 
274-2483 

:}{arriet 'F Seftfin , '.D.M.'D. 
CHAMPUS & most 
insu rance accepted 
After work / Atter class 

and Saturday appointments 

4453 Clailemont Mesa Blvd. 
(corner of Genesee) 

kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

(' \1.1. l .., I ms r 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North #315 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 29, 1990 

concern. I' d sooner lose my family than my 
elf-respect. 

Three years ago, when I was l8.lcouldn't 
walk to a support group without fearing that 
someone might ask where I was going. 
There is a time when a person is ready to 
takecertam steps. But if we, as gay people. 
truly want support and understanding from 
the people who mean the mo~t to u , we 
have to let them get to know us as gay 
people first. In time, they'll see through the 
issue of sexuality and finally love us as 
individuals who happen to be gay. 

We have the responsibility first to edu-
cate ourselves until we've gained self-con-
fidence and self-respect for who, and what, 
we are. If we don't understand our own 
feelings then we can't expect others to. We 
then have the responsibility to educate the 
group of people around us whose love and 
support we need. Nobody will give us this 
unless we a k for it and, in many cases, 
demand it. Changing people 's views of 
homo exuality i an individual process. 

Those of you who feel alone and afraid 
because you are confused about your sexu-
ality deserve at least to explore your feel-
ings. Any form of coun eling i a chance to 
talk to and listen to people who are or have 
been where you are. These feelings do not 
go away, and I think the saddest part of it all 
is that many gay people will go on denying 
their true nature until they 've reached an 
age where they can no longer deny their 
feelings . 

See GAY, page 7 

Advertising and Our Culture 
By JENNIFER YANCEY, Hiatus Editorial Assistant 

Adverti~ing and television arc good people ~illing mound that table. Shots of a 
insights into our cul ture. They are refIec- table, ceiling, belt buckle, mouth, car head-
tions of what appeal to our society, what lights, in that order, aren't telling me any-
we want to be entertained by, and what sort thing. The Nissan ad was only the begin-
of ideals are going to make us buy a certain ning. 
product. I could Ii t every ad that has used this 

I've notked that in the past few year~ the transparent marketing ploy, but you proba-
prime-time advert is- bly know them as well 

~ng has been strongly GUAkDIAN Cl -Up as I do. I will add one 
IIlfluenced by the of the latest advertise-
baby-boomerrthirty- ments: the Jif ad. 
something" generation. It makes sense that It begins with several young, beautiful 
commercials are geared toward this sector, mothers discussing various mother things 
since they are the largest consumer group in a conversation reminiscent of that of 
right now, Hope, Nancy, and Melissa of "Thirty-

Advertising has been using a technique omething." Finally, about two minutes 
that tries to appeal to the "human" side of all into the ad, the mention of peanut butter is 
of us. It's a "we're all people," "I'm con- made. Until that time, it could have been a 
cemed about you," "let's be honest," type Levi's Docker ad, or a hand lotion 
of approach that I hate. People aren't really commercial. 
like that. A bunch of attracti ve men and So what is the significance of these ads, 
women itting around a room, relating. Or and this tirade? If advertising is a pointer to 
perhaps just a reassuring matemaVpatemal our society, and the Hope and Michael 
figure telling me to increase my oat bran peopleareourideals,thenweareintrouble, 
intake. because they are just as confused as every-

It began earlier with the Nissan ads, and one else. 
the herky-jerky camera angles. People sit- They are hardly the strong TV ideals of 
ting around a board room (in a warehouse), yesteryear, like Donna Reed and the Cleav-
reflecting on what people really want, blah ers. The fact that "Thirtysomething" is in-
blah blah. vading our lives in the form of advertising 

Funny, there weren't any Japanese is not a threat,just an annoyance. 

FOUR OF A KIND 

W e're holding an unbeatable hand. Teradyne, a half 
billion dollar leader in the 
high tech field, stands apart 
from all the other players in 
the world market. We're big 
enough to stay in the game 
as the stakes are raised, yet 
we're still informal enough 
to allow you flexibility and 
freedom. 

And what a hand we hold. 
In our Automatic Test Equipment 
businesses, we're a leading player in 
virtually every market, from board test to 
component test. When you need to test the 
latest product, you talk to Teradyne first. 

'. 

Our Electronic Design Automation business is bringing our technology to 
market in this fast growing software arena, producing state-of-the-art products 
used in engineering design analysis and test of complex electronic systems. 
We're also the world's largest merchant producer of backplane connection 
systems. These systems are vital in the development of tomorrow's military 
and commercial electronics products. 

And Teradyne is the world's leading independent manufacturer of telephone 
network test systems. As voice and data merge, we'll be there to provide test 
solutions for the telecommunications industry. 

Teradyne has facilities in some of the country's most desirable areas, and dose 
to most of the nation's major learning centers. 
To keep our unbeatable hand as the world game gets tougher, we need talented 
people ·,-vith new ideas. For more information, visit your Placement Office. 

Corporate hudquutua: BCNton, MA 
Divbion hudquartua: 

Nashua .NH • Deerfield, IL • Agoura Hills, CA • Santa Oara, CA. Walnut Creek, CA • Tokyo . United Kingdom 

Monday, January 29, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Commentary Misunderstood Feminism 
Editor: 

We are writing in response to 
the sad and disturbing commen-
tary "Feminists Go Too Far" by 
Julie Puzon (Guardian, Jan. 22). 

As feminis ts, our goal in writ-
ing a respon e to Ms. PUlon's 
opinion, is not to viciously attack 
scream, complain, rant, rave, or 
whine, but merely try to explain 
orne issues which we believe she 

has confused. 
First, PUlon writes about the 

issue of sex ist language, and asks 
the question , "What's the big 
deal?" The problem with sexist 
language is that, as females in this 
society, one is constantly bom-
barded with words and images 
that leave out women and give the 
impression that the world is domi-
nated and control1ed by men. 

It is not just the words "he" or 
"she" in the middle of a sentence; 
it goes much further. Forexample, 
when we speak of peace in the the 
world amongst all people, we say 
" brotherhood." Brotherhood is not 

Gay 
Continued from page 6 

Suddenly, they find themselves 
thinking they've wasted years 
because of the fears with which 
they allowed others to rule their 
lives. First of all, it is never too 
late to come out. At any age, a 
person will feel they are finally 
living the way they were meant to. 

But the sooner a person begins 
to understand his orherfeelings of 
homo exuality or bisexualiry, in 
many cases, the sooner they can 
begin to live as they have always 
wanted to: to explore, honestly , 
love and relation hips and all the 
other aspects of life that we de-
serve to experience. 

To begin to understand our-
selves as gay people we need the 
support of our peers. At UCSD, 
we have a lesbian and bisexual 
women 's support group Wednes-
day evenings at the Women's 
Resource Center, and a gay and 
bi-sexual men 's support group 
Thursday evenings, also at the 
Center. We have individual gay 
and lesbian peer counseling as well 
as professional counselors and 
other programs through Psycho-
logical and Counseling Services. 

One last comment: it is thought 
thatatleastlOpercentofall people 
are gay. If tomorrow all these 
people begin to share their lives 
and their feelings with those they 
loved the most, in a year there 
would ilardly be the need for a gay 
support group or a gay newspaper 
or a gay night club. That would be 
a much more beautiful world. 

a generic word; it distinctly refers 
to arelationship between two men. 

Moreover, words like "man-
kind," "statesman," "chairman," 
"policeman," etc., originated out 
of the reality that white men were, 
and in most cases still are, in posi-
tions of power. 

Therefore, by making a con-
spicuous effort to use words that 
truly encompass both genders, we 
attempt to change the collective 
consciousness of ou r society . We 
do not think that "being careful to 
reconstruct sentences" is an in-
convenience, but rather a matter 
of pride, and a willingness to 
change the inequalities in society. 

Second,Puzon states that being 
"pro-woman" means that you are 
a feminist, and if you are "pro-
man" you are a chauvinist. In 
paralleling these two terms, Puzon 
is wrong. The word "chauvinism" 
means: "a prejudiced, zealous, 
belligerent devotion to any atti-
tude or cause," while feminism is: 
"the doctrine advocating social and 
political rights for women equal 
to those of men." 

Puzon implies that feminism is 
actually reversed sexism. This is a 
tragic fallacy. [n looking at the 
meaning of these two words, 
feminism does not imply sexism, 

but if you are a male chauvinist, 
you are most definitely a sexist. 
Therefore, Puzon rhetorically tries 
to compare two words that have 
no common ground. 

Third, PUlon questions "dis-
crimination which has occurred 
against men in the quest for 
woman's equality." PUlon de-
scribes si tuations, such as televi-
sion commercials, which display 
men as "all brawn with no brain." 
This image is not a product of the 
woman's movement, but a mani-
festation of stereotyping. 

The whole problem with stere-
otypes is that they do not account 
for individuality , and we, as 
women, know this all too well. 
Feminism in no way advocates 
gaining equality atlhe expense or 
degradation of men. 

Finally, we hope that we have 
illuminated some of the discrep-
ancies in Ms. PUlon 's commen-
tary. We would like to suggest, 
however, if Ms. PUlon plans on 
writing any more commentaries 
about the woman' s movement, that 
she uses words in their proper 
context and is careful not to mis-
construe issues. 

Denise Godfrey 
Jennifer Levin 

Melanie Stallings 

TEACHING ASSISTANT POSITIONS 

AVAilABLE 
BIOLOGY DEPARTMENT 
SPRIN,G QUARTER 1990 

See Jo Rudolph 
'H &'8S2322 

Attention High Achievers ...... . 
-join -

qo{den~y 
g..{g,tionai 9ionor Society 

Benellts include: 
• Scholarships 
• Career Assistance 
• Leadership Opportunities 
• Recognition 

You may pick up an application at GH1540 or USB 1240 
or call Golden Key at 534-3172 for more information. 

Golden Key will sponsor an information table at the Price Center 
Wednesdays from lO:oo am to 1:00 pm 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

OPINION 7 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFfERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISIS~ 

WfYE GOJ 
THE CURE! 

novelty Items. gift wrapping. balloons. greeting cards 

4.305 La Jolla Village Drive 
(next to Carlos Murphy's) 

45.3-9993 
OPEN DAILY 

Now featuring fresh 
bret.Ved cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 

hot chocol,ate! 
, 

" A!. 

HOURS: 11-10:30 Sun.-Thurs. 
11-11 Fri. & Sat. 
LA JOLLA COLONY 
7770 Regents t~d .. Ste. 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

~ , . 
' ¥ ,. \ • 

". 
" t·. 

; 
\ -

" 

--------------------------

2 for 1 ~=~":;=~m and get one 01 equal or I .... r value FREE. Void \lith any other offer. Toppings not Included. 
Ono coupon per customer. Expires 2/4/90. 

-

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~--------------------------~ 

CONGRATULATIONS 
to the New Initiates of 

Pi Beta Phi! 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279 .. 5955 
D' Agnessa Insurance Agenc, 

784 I Balboa A \Ie. Ste. 2 15 
San Diego, CA 92 I I I 

ALSO: HOME /CONDO OWNER INSURANCE 



8 

SERVICES AND WORKSHOPS 
MONDA Y. JANUARY 29 

1S:3Oa.nl.- IO:O()a.m.- Blpolilf Group 11m ,roup I~ for sllKkm~ who 
haYe: tan dLal!no~..L~ hOi\ mi a Bipolar dlsordcrand 0In" ~in, treated for 
~ITIC', 1~ .. uC's addrc~llCd '" III be ,-opinG'" uh Inc pasl. pre~nt. :md fUtURo 
and IIvln; '" uh or ""ithout tnmlCDUOO Ltd by D:tn Munoz and LU\lJs.:Iy 
Calderon. Call Dan al .B4 IS79 for IRfonn:mon Ilnd Sl&n·up Rt'vellc 

Co!~,r ProVOSI'~ Offu:c. 

IO:OOa ..... II :.lIl ...... -GENERAl.llIF.RAPVfORUNDERORADU· 
A TES. A .. ~kly :roup foe uaderanKiL!:lle studen~ whn would lile 
counsehng in a IrouP rOl'm:n on ho .. 10 cope wich.scrt:s1DlS or CQIICeI1II 

inftaJ't&sofl;clf-eSlCCl1\rcbuon~.acadcmics..""iOciIllilua()Mi. 
LedbyCr)~IlIIShonnon""o.Yid 81_nd a.IICl)'uaIatS~1lI' 
[)a\'NI. II 53-l·398'J (01' Lnform:nion ~nd ~n·up. A bnet, preliminary 
IlfIpomtrnetU i r\C\."'t~!.!lI)' btforc conllnltO the uoop J(XH Gtlbrailh 
H311 

l2:oop.m .• 2:oop.m.-GA Y AND LESBI~N PEER COUNSELl iG 
Ha\r 31.j1X;tI(\If" Wanl :ioOrneone 10 lolk 10" "eed:. ~upponhc environ· 
menl"t Drop b) the Wonlt'n·~ Re"-"UrceCcnter(rnceCCnter)or~t1 534 .. 
:!023 for an 1001\ IdU:l1 appolOllnt'm 'Al1h:l lr:lIned pctr cotmstloc'. 

3:oop.m.·. :)Op.m.-ASIANiPACIFIC ISLA\'DER STUDENTS ' 
SUPPORT GROl,;P Thl~ drop'ln ~roup I~ dcMilntd 10 aJIo1n:~1I Ihf 
(OfK.'Cmll of the AllI:an/PJCllk I lander ~Iudcnl al UCSD In a probkm· 
wh'lnB;meI WpponlVt' :ltmo~phc:re. Is llUC~ llu\.·h as a('ackmu.:: and \.-.tl«:r 
CCQ.'Crn (amily ")'~len1' In l,:uhur:l1 tr.U1smon.. sclfkknlU). and hvlOS m 
• "'0 cullurt"') a~ .tudenu are ~Iblc dl~USllton IOpl' Lcd b)' Je,,"O( 

~ 1anc)( COIIlk-.u'lf1C ll(534-JOJS fQ(infoon3tlOn . Mouot:un VteW l...o\Lnge, 

J :OOp.m.·'& :JOp.m.- RED II nus p-roup I~ dClll,1lt'd for M!.Idenu. ",ho 
re~ulilfl) enJ;.t~e In bJllic·puq;e poItlcrn.ll bul \\0 JnlloltCop Ihe- cyck. With 
lot) of IIUppon ... tudent\ '" .11 ",on. both In :md OUt of crouP 10 Unckn.land 
them!tC'h·e ... and to chan~c their bchavlon.. 11111 grnerJlly rr\.'ommc:ndcd 
th:1I MudC'nt~ fil')l :UICnd J RED I group bc'rOft cOilIm, 101hl~ ooe. Lcd by 
I\alhy Ka~hmlJ ;mJ KOltcn BLlIl>Cn. CJII I\.tthy al !i~·J.sK.s for IIIforma· 
tion and a bocf prtlnl1ln;1ry !nlerYl('" bcffon !;Onlmil 10 Itlc: ,roup MUir 
Apartment Lounge 

. :OOp.m.·S:3Op.m.-CHICANA. HISPA~IC. LATINA SUPPORT 
GROUP Topu:~ "'llilOdude: ;K:*ml\: mouv,won, !Mt"ll~ rtl;IlI.t);Cmtn1. 
rclJIIOIl\hlp t"nh;&n.;C'mcnl. and tht" c.:h;anJ:lOi role of HLllp;am" ",omen iO 
JI.:adnllln u\.l b~' LIflJ!oa~ Cakkron. DII Lmds:ay ~t 534·3755 for 
miOO1l;1lLOO and !IIl='n·up. Rc\ t"lIe formal Loun~c . 

TUESDAY. JA UARY 30 

10:oo,.m.·I2:oop.m.-GAY A~D LESBIA~ PEER COUNSELING 
IIJ"c.J I.\UI:\II00 '· Want )('tfllrof1e 10 I .. I~ 10" ,'J«'d tliUpponl"'C: cn' Iron-
ment" Drop b) lhe WonlC'n '~ Rc'-OUrcc Cenler (Prtcc Center) orC3UoS}4-· 
1U13 for:tn lIl(h ... uJuJi ..LppolnlnlC'llI '" Ilh.1 IrJlned pur ,"OUn'lClor. 

1I :003.m.·I2 : .lOp.m.-COPI~G WITH CHRONIC ILLNESS AND 
PAIN Thl!o. .:roup 1,. for lllOOcm" dcalini: ",nh chronll: IlInen or p.lIn in 
thclro~n hvc" or In the ""cll of~l,mficantQ(hen. Topl~ 10 be addre~llrCd 
Include P:Un/sllb\ nmna,emem technlquci'. ~ndlin, dep~ssion and 

I~s. de:lhnJ: ""lIh medlc:sllrealR't'nt, .:Ind dc:vcklplnl support syslcm't 
Coplnll jikill developmcnl :tnd a supponi\o'e Cftyironmenl"lll be. tmpha-
siud Led by Jeanne M:tncsc 1l1'1d Carol LeBoeuf For a prelimln:uy 
3ppoinlmcnl before conlln~ 10 lhe llrouP ple:lSC: c:sJl Cvol :tl j34-0256 
1003GH 

I :OOp.nL.!:3Op.m.-SLACK WOMEN'S SU PPORT GROUP, Ao 
Infonn:" group ",·hlCh n'ICelS ~'cckly to enhanct lhe lX:adc:mic, pcrson:J.l , 
and soci31 t'ltpcncncc of8bck ~on'l(.ft suKieRls. l..cd by EquiUa Luke.:wi 
CrySial Shannon Call Crystal orf4uilla al534 ·37S5 forlnformalion and 
SIgn-up Rcvelle. Formal Loun~ 

I :OOp.m.-2:JOp.n.- UNDERGRADUATE WOMEN'S GROUP. Thl 
£roup will focu) on conccm~ common amonil ui1dera;roaduale women, 
mcludlnJ: ~Ialionshlp l)llUC~ . family of origin, woo and seIC-e)leem. 
Slrel;.!i. and devt'loplng famil), IdenUlY Led by Milum losupDVlci and 
Y"ene Mitrani Call Min3l11al S14-Ol55 or Yveut' at 3)4,·1725 for a 
prellnunary appoinmltnl befc:n cormng 10 lhe ,roup. 1003 GH 

l:OOp.m.-4:00p.nL- TEST ANXIETY WORKSHOP. Thi~ work$hop 
Will fCX,'us on learning !okills 10 ~dUl-c ICSI :mxicty (c.C .. relaxalion. 
\.-ognlllve !'lulill.. IImc manaJ:emem). h 110 recommended Ihal you panici -
p:att In the Worlllhop !\.Cver.LI day~ poor to an cum. Led by K .. lhy 

K.ll~h lma C;JII KLllhy at S3~-35KS bc:fo~ coming 10 1heltTOUp. HSS 2148. 

.. : OOp.m.~5:JOp.nL-SOCIAl SKILLS WORKSHOP. nll~ i:roup "' III 
focu~ on dc\t'loplRg sLiII!\ for nl«.inil ..... uh ocher people. con\tr5auon~, 
a.sseMivene!j;s, and general comCon In I:roups led by lilldsay Dldcron 
and Evtlle looRl:ln C:all Lmds.l'l al,SJ,a·37j5. or Evt'ltc al S34-J5SoS for 
IRr0rtn3don. Revelle: Inform:t.l Lounge 

4:3Op.m.-6:8Op.m. - THERAPY GROUP FOR GA Y MEN A <"",fi· 
dc:nlt:llthcr.apy ,roup for undt'r~ualC and VJdU:l1C g3)' :tnd bl:..cxual 
men deslCncd to addre:.s (:ooccm) relaled 10 lteltual oritnt.1hOO (e.;,.. 
"COOlin;: out," relo.lllon:r.hlp i~we:rr., netwoO.ln, in the ~)' communny, 
health·",I"'" conccmsll.<d by D.Yld BI""OOnd. C.II O,y\d.1 S34·)~g7 
for a bocf appoimmc:m before comlnC lO tht' group. 302 WC. Room 8. 

S:OIp.III.-6:JOp.m.- ",SSERTIVENESS TRAINING WORKSHOP 
Thill workshop III cScl!.ig;ned 10 Improve one' II cfrccllvcnc~s In communi· 
cadn, f«li"e~, ~ ants. and needs Learn 10 s,,"ly "no. ~ m:lkt' rtqUC'SI), St3nd 
up for your ri~hts. Lcd by ~uilla Lu~t' . Call ~ULIIJ :11 S34'()249 for 
inf~lion. 1003 GH 

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 31 

2:lIp ••. ·.l:4Sp.nl .- OVERCOMING COMPULS IVE EATING 
GROUP. Thill croup I!\ for\l,Of'n(n ",hoh:abhuallydlet and binge: . We ""'111 
. -ori(CQ undemanding the f«lings and needs which perpC'lu:ne ...... t 
:too how 10 bccomt more Ot'~tbk in sdf·undersl3nding 3nd copbIfltill" 
Tho; IS aiMrip)' Croup for pencw\ $han", of conc.rn. Led by Ewae 1..tIcImaa" Liz Dtuncn. c..u EvC'Ue at S34-3S3S for mfOl"lll3uo. _ a 
bnef prn-y ~ btforc comma to the ,roup. 
J:IIp.a·S,.......-GA Y ANDLESBIAN PEER COU SEL/IIIO. Ho .. 
a ~? W. ~ 10 talk w1 Need a supponM c .. rc..m1 

~ by __ '. ReIoura: C<nlor(PnL .. C<naj .... 'J04.1023 
for .. _va.a .ppoinlfnatl v,nh a tr.lIned peer coua.Ior. 
........ S,.,...-LEARNINGl'OLIVEWI11ILOSS.,.--. 
deai ....... __ .. holul' ••• ...,-.. _of • .....-
lodI_ ._1Ms. ",. .............. Iodf-... __ 
__ ...................... ww_.ptanc<.nd.,... 
"'·Lod.,V_ ....... _..-.CalI VYellc"SJ04.lm 
for I..,.,..... .... I pmianiaory I ......... lid .... comi"IIO Iii< _ 

i~3~HoII. 
7: ......... MlJ.&-LESBIAN AND BISEXUAl. WOMEN'S suP· 
PORTOIlOUP. w.' .... weekly. confidcali>1 drop· •• s""'p for_ 
inm"eued in~ penonaa ,onceI'M MId ltOCiaJ ~ In acoftorl. 
able. ~"_I. Drop by lhe W ....... ·, R • ...,. Ootow 
(!'nce C<_) . ... "'" '~·2023 or S~·"SS focman: iof .............. 
b) CheU .1Id Sue:. 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1 

J:IIp.a ........ -GROlJPRlItUNMOTIVA,.~ 
TINATING nvDENTS A"""" __ ............ . 
...-Iyor ... _ooll>< .. nlln'o(_ ............. _ ... 
lilt pIaI'c for_ at "' .. I" .... Lcd by by HoP _ ')I."'" ___ 
Pro¥oIc'. aru. 

l:tIiiI ......... -GAY A"DLES8IANPEERCOUNlEUNG._ 
• .,...., W_1CJIDeOnC to 1;aD. .1 Ncccla ~ ...... 't 

~" .. w-o'. _ C-1"-OotowI«cal534-lIIZ' 
ror.. .nmwnI "" :I trIfMd 

T he UCSD Guardian 

TheWeekly Calendar 
J :3Op.m.·S:oop. m.-COPI~G SKILL.SGROUP Th< ,,,,Ioflhl> ,roup 
i 10 under'l;md >OOl(: of Ihe ",aY$ in ",hlch emoltOn .... biological moodll, 
\."Ognlll"'(" :ullludC' and Slr;&tettlell. as "'ell as beha\olor.ll patternll 101(faC1 
10 enhcrcl'(;lte. or to sol ... c problems. Thl~ III be: :tn aCllVC croup u~nl 
inugery and rehearsal lechnlqUCli m group .too a ~lf-hC'lp book .too 
homc'AorL b<'1"'ccn se $100 . Lcd by Beverly HarjU and Y\"CUC MLIr;)RI. 
Call Bc\erl) at ;Ci:l4-&a9.' or Yvcuc 011 s.\4-1725 for mfoml3IIOfl and a 
rreilmlnal') Inle/'Vle'" bcforeCOtmn& 10lhcCroup. Coofercfl("e Room. 202 
WC. 

6:oop .m.·7:3Op.m. GAY AND BISEXLAL MEN'S SUPPORT 
GROUP. H;!H~ a qUe5uon? Want somcont' 10 talk to? Nffil a ~upponlve 
em lTunment'? Come JOin us! Ud by MIlI'k and Tony Call David at 534-
3987 for InfonnabOft. Womc:n'~ Rt',wuroeCCfllcr 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2 

lO:OOO.m.· Il:tep. .... -Ft£LING GOOD. n. J10UP IS ........... fw 
tudenb "' 00 ~ouk1 hke \0 ~am ~·08ntthle )k,U, \0 bcUcrropc: with their 

fechnp of depruslOn. We ""III be w>tn, thV1d Bumll' book FteliliG 
Good 11m WOC'h~ l) not IUlcnded for studenlll who IU'C $Ulctdal or 

~nou!lol)' depr(!Io~ Led by K.tthy K:nhmu. Doll K:uhy at .B4 .. 338S (or 
infoml.tIlOfl and;J pre.lnnUW)' inler.ic:w bcfo« colmnltO 1M croup. HSS 
2148. 

!:OOp.m.·):.lOp.m.- ALCOHOLANO SU8ST ANCE A8USEGROUP 
If you h:lYe t'\er asl.cd "00 I ha"e a proIlIOT'i'IM. chllt'll.'es are)ou do ha ... t' 
a fe ..... lhlnt;~ 10 1311.. I ~.u Lcd b) Dan Munoz and C,., ·tal Stlannon Call 
Dan III 534-1~79 for IOfonn:uion . Revelle Provos,'s OfOce 

.. :OOp.m.-6:00p.m.-CAMPUS BLACK FORUM An InfOOllJldl.scus, 
Stonl$Uppon group ""hlt'h focuses on 1)0 on.. concem):tnd expcnt'occs 
thai affCCI the qualny of life of thC' Afncan-Amencan communlly at 
UCSD. A problem-.,ctlvinJ: and skill-bUIlding :appro.xh is U50Cd 10 a~~ISI 

Sluden~ Incoplng .. llh 3C3drmte.liOCl3l. ~1.1110ruihlp,.:Ind family mal1~. 
Led by Phil Raphael and CrysUlI Shannon Fclr 3dcillionallnformalion. 
call Aul or Cry'!ota! 81 53-l-37.5S , \iounl3in VIC ..... Louni:e. 

FITNESS AND EXERCISE 
MO DAY. JANUARY 29 

IO:OO~ .m,. ll :OOp.m.-Arc you up 10 lhe ctullcnge of FITSTOP? Do 
YOI.IMlf J f ,,,orand n\,i~t' an ilppolnlmcnt loday. Come: by Sludcnlllcahh 
or call 53.1·11124. It"~ ;t.!),o!utcly FREE!! Student Health, 1st Ooor. Fret'. 

TUESDAY,JA UARY 30 

12:00p.m.-1:00p.m.-Gc1 )our blocd pumping b)' cornIng IRIO SmdeRl 
Heallh for FITSTOP' It ·s a FREE fill'lCss t'\ 3IuaIlOO' So caU for an 
appointment:tt 534-1 Jl24 or stop by loc:by! 

WED ESDAY. JANUARY 31 

12:00p.m •• 2:00p.m.-Comc 10 Studenl Health for a deal of a.lifeumc!! 
Gel :l FREE fitnc~ evaluallon :It FITSTOP! Come by [0 male In 
appolnlmenl ort.111 534·1824. Student Health. 1st nOOl'. Fr«. 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1 

I :OOp.m.·J :OOp.m.-FITSTOP is 'Where to ,0 for )'our filness e\lllu-
luion. II ', good for your body and ii's absolutely FREE! AI .... ·ays w3S, 
:tJways "III be! Come by Student Health or call 534-1824 10 make an 
appot nlmcnt. 

ENTERT AlNMENT AND RECREA nON 
MONDA Y. JANUARY 29 
7:00p.m.- lmemallOOal OubStudy Break: Food. muSIC,CIC. Evt'ryone's 
we.lcornc. Intcmauoo:tl Ceme.r Lounle. Free, 

TUESDA Y. JANUARY 30 

7:JOp.m.- ALM: "Operation Thunderbolt .. An exciting account of the 
Enlebbe rtSC'uc of 1976. Come and t'njoy! Sponsored by Isnacl Action 
Commillee. Cognitive $cierK:e Bide fIIOO2, Third Collece. Free. 

THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 1 

5:4.!ip.m.-THE THURSDAY DINNER . Homemade food and gn:::lI 
company SponiOrc:d by Iht' Ouholac Studenl Community al UCSD. 
Unlver:.uy Lutncran Chul't'h. CalhollC Loun1:c. Comerof N. Torrey Pines 
and La Jolla SOOrcs Drivc:. $2 .00. 

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 2 

6:3Op.m .• nd 7:3Op.m.-EI'CORE SCREENING · "s""I. 0I0r"".· 
A H:trdcore Prod .... ,lon. Fno.y Feb. 2. 6: 3() '001'30. PH 110.'-" 
rcquclllt'd. 

7:30p.m.-Enahsh Dance P:trtyl An e"erun& of ERJIbII ........ . 
Evcl)'OIlt' "'elcome - no cxpcnence nccesury. All __ ...... No 
panner necc!illM)' . Refrtshmcnls provided. Que .... ., ... zns. I. 
Gym, Rt'c eonft'rt'flCe Room. Free. 

SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 3 

9:1lOp.m.-UJS PARTY I\NDDANCI!11Ib_~.""'" 
Iht high poinl~ of Ihe year! ,.. ".. 

SUNDA Y, FEBRUARY .. 

'''p.m. CODE 7 - ACItriIIiM.cfr.poup will perform In concert 11 
SL Mark '~ United Me ..... c:::a.-llt.1SU2 Qa:imnom Dr. Thhcvcnll-S 
...... , raise the. rooft ...... ·.UMC is a s.ponlOrin, concrcpion of 
.... lIIoIIoIClmpoa-,..UCSO. 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

Get F..IaII """ UCSD,.... tlu.IIIpI. --. It ....... 
_iO'dJ;' aII ......... l9III;..oJ. CoII •• _Jt\, .. 
man: ",,0 0< Yi.;, ........ 101 .... Not Ootow. 

MONDA Y THROUGH ..aDA Y 

..... ',. .-SIGIIWS . .,..",~a.-.. 

.......... __ ,....._... .. I' dr ' 
• ...,,..-,.,................. ,1 ' ...... ,. 
_Wee • _.c.wloMcac-.SIO. 
.......... OASISW ...... c.-r ........... .. ucso_ .... _ ............... __ .. .. 
-.._. W._.., ... .., ...... .,. .... ., .... 
....... c 7 ... by Ii ..... ....... ", ..... . 
.. - ......... (l'wl'lll_tl __ .. w/iii .. ... 
_ ........ CWJM.22IoI._ ....... c..r. ....... ~ 
_zw.. __ ... I ,.. ............. -... 
.. .................. ~ ..... CIIoIor, ... 

8:DOa,m.4:30p,m.-OASlS Rc.adlll(; and Slud) Skill:.. Ccmer ulTc~ 
ont'IOoOne Ptn.onal A Sl lItl1lrKe (or LeMmn. (PAL) conferencc' 10 ml-
provr )ourslullson Ihc followlI1& IOpICS. tune mana,elll(nl. ,OOI-iClIlll&t 
proJ«1 planlUni and organization for rtstarch.lo;IUrt" note-Iakm.:.le.u· 
boo'- rudi n,. prepanng for exams, and Ie l - I a~ing Mr.ueglcs PAL 
confertn\.'Cs art free and available by appolntmcnl. l=ct-more IOfonnatioa. 
<.11334·7344 oc 5IOP by USB 4010, Fr«. 

8:00a.m.-I:3Op.m.- LeI OASIS R.adlngand SIWY S~III' help)ou Ihi , 
qu.anrr 'A Lth lime rmnacemem. notew.mg. midlem' prep:nlion. :lIld 
tnt·w..InC SIf3lecies. Stop by USB 4010 or caill S3J.-7J44 10 )(t up a 
pcrronal mppolOlmcnl AI ' ~lly on Ihc lookout for those valuable: 
OAS IS siudy skills workshop$. Fn:e. 

~;O' ... n.-4:JOp.m.. Tuc and Thu: 4:lOp.m. ... :00p.m.- The: LanaU;!cc: 
Pro&nm proo. ... ~ *"IKanCc 10 ~nlJ whose nali\'( lanauaae is nol 
£oiIIoIt ...... _ ....... ilJapl-.S ..... Ish.f .. nch.Gc.rm .. , 
_ .... _ ..... ,. ...... _ .. .-liqIlsbu. 
_~ ..................... CIII: 534-2lI4M-_inr.,... 
1fIIIion.-.'COOW.-..,A.JnI4. .... 

Mon,·Thu.: 11: ....... 1: ....... Fri.: 1._ ..... %: ........ S ••. : 
5:0Ip.m. .... 4Op..-.-FREE indiYiduaJ IUIOrin, in aU Iov.er diviiion 
Mo .... 8 iolotly. Chemi"'l' E'CE.ClE, 6conomic:s, PIIyiilcs, and sel«...w 
upper di,ision <I ...... The OASIS UndI:'JI"UfId iJ localCd 01 12~ 
G:llbrallb Hnll . All slUdt'ntS ",elcotnrl We WOOl .0 help you. 1214 
G.lbnllh 11.11. F .... 

MONDAY. JANUARY 29 

JI :OOa.m. INTERVIEWING SKIlL> WORKSHOP. 0.. you nc:cd 
help in prt'pannC for job inlcl"IlCwS? O&rccr StrVlcCII Ct'nlrr ",ill provtdc 
tipi on Ihe bc-s. W1Iyi to present yourqu:thncalion and ""hal Lind of Intcr-
view q~ions 10 expect. Career Scrvicc~ Centcr. Free. 

I :JOp.m.·4:00p.m.- DROP-IN ADVISING HOURS, Fer help rlnding 
desirable pan·tmlt: employment, dclenninina: coarccr &001 . ~archlll¥ for 
jobs or explorinl professJon:l1 or graduate school opponllRllleilo. No 
appoinlmt'nt neceuary, juu \Valk-in. Career Services Center. Free. 

2:3Op.nL- THE MARKETABLE RESUME WORKSHOP. Learn how 
to ConStruel a sllut'~of-the-:m resumc thai willlTlllkc 'IOU ~land out from 
lhe lTQ-..d Career St'rviccs Centcr. F~ 

TUESDA Y, JANUARY 30 

I :OOp.nL--ON·CI\MPUS INTERVIEWING ORIENTATION. If you 
arc Inlcrewed In pani"lp'llini 10 the C:arecr Serv"'es Center'son-cumpus 
IRte:rvleINmg pro,ram IhlS quarter, il is maodillory Ihal you attend one of 
lhese onent:Ulons before your inlerview. Queer Servict's Ccnler. Free. 

1:3Op.m.·.:oop.nL- DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS' Fer help finoln, 
dcllU'ablc pan-lime employment, dc:lenninln~carccr goals. )ClU'thtng fOf 
JObs or explonna: profellsional or ,rndUOIte school opponulllue • No 
appointment net..'Cssary. juS! walk-in. Carttr Service) Center. Fr~ 

" :OOp.m .• ! :OOp.m.-CSE 70 group lutanng by Gal)' Gillespie al OASIS 
ANNEX (~d Booksaore) every Tucsdny :U\d Thursday. Free. 

4:00p.nL..5:00p. ... - MIDTERM PREPARATION WORKSHOP: rop, 
iI's .bex-lIth!t time folks. MID1CRMS!!I 'The Oasis Rc:adin& and Siudy 
Skllls CcnlCf will conehtCl • mkhenn prtparation workshop which will 
focus on time management and other essential It'st·taking; skills. Oasis 
Annex (old booi<sI<x<). Free. 

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 31 

I :OOp.m.--ORIENTATION TO TEACHER EDUCATION PRO· 
GRAMS: K-12 - lntcrcstcd In tcachin~? Find out about educauon ~ 
pmI!i and the: credential process. Career Scrvioa Cenlct. Free. 

I :JOp.m .... :OOp. ... - DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS. Fer help findln, 
dcsll~b1c: pan-time cmpJoymc:nl. delcrmininl"ArC:er aoaJ" searchina for 
jobs or e~plorinl profeuionaJ or Jraduale school opportunities. No 
appolmment ncoeuary. jUil walk-in, Career ServICes Center. Free. 

J :OOp.m.-CAREER OPTIONS FOR HISTOR Y MAJORS · I.<am how 
your study of the past can lead to a briahl fUlure. ldenlify viable job 
options and how 10 market your S:pe<:ial skills 10 employers. Career Serv. 
iL'CS Ccnler, Multi-Purpose: Room. Free:. 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1 

IO:00a.m •• 2:00p. ... - Jewish Campus Ccnlers Inrormalton Table in 
Revelle Plau. Come :u~ meet Rabbi Doua Slotnick. direclor of the 
JeWish campus Cc:nlers ac UCSD. This is a way 10 '~l infomlluion about 
Jewish life on "ampu$. 

10:JOp.nL- EFFECfIVEJOB SEARCH STRATEGY. 80 percen:of .lI 
JOb vacancic are unadvenisc.d. Thi workshop 'WIll teach you lhe most 
t'frccllvc 'Way to find lhem. Career ServiceS Cenler. Free. 

I :JOp.nL"':OOp.m.- DROP· IN AOVISING HOURS. Ferhdp fi,"'in, 
dc:~ir.lble pa.n-tilllC employment, detcnnininc carccr Cooals,ltC:l.rchln& for 
jobs or cxplorini: pro(emonal or aradu;ue schoof opponumlic~ . No 
3ppointmenl oc(.'Usaty, juS! wa.lk-in. Career SCNICCS Ctmer. Free. 

2:00p.m.--ON·CI\MPUS INTERVI EWING ORIENTATION. Ir you 
:u-e inlt' reSied in participaling in lhe C:r.rttr ServiccII Center's OIl-c.llnpus 
Inlerviewing program this quancr. it is mandatory thai you alleoo one of 
Ihesc oOcnuuions bcf~ you interview. Career Service:rr. Center. Free. 

J :OOp.m.- lliE MARKETABLE RESUME WORKSHOP. Learn how 
10 constnK." a st llte-of-lhc-an rc.l;ume th31 will make you stand OUI from 
Ihe crowd. Can:er St'rviccs Cenu:r. Fttt. 

4:00p.m.-5:00p.m.-CSE 70 irouP IUloring byGOIry Gillespie at OASIS 
ANNEX (Okl Bookstore) C\lcry Tucsd3Y and Thursday . Frcc. 

FRIDA Y, FEBRUARY 2 

IO,JOa.m.- II'mORVIEWING SKILLS WORKSHOP. Do yw need 
help in prcpannc for job inlervlews? Career Sef'olicesCelHcr Will proyide 
lipS on lhe beSI 'Ways to pre.senl your qunliflciluon a.nd ... hJI kHld of 
intervlc ..... quesllons 10 expect Career Scrvices Cenlcr Free. 

I :3Op.m.-ONCAMERA: PRAcnCI G II'mORVI EWI NG SKIu.5 -
Sharpen your InteNit'wlng skills by seeing and hellflng yuur~lf on 
vldeoc.3PC. Receive recdb3ck from other JOb seekers In Ihl$ £wup work· 
shop. PrCfC\julslie. Inlervle~ln. Skills workshop. Career Srrvll..'C) Cen -
ler Free 

I :JOp,m.-I:oop.m.- OROP·IN ADVISING 110URS: For help finding 
deSIrable. pan-lime cmployment, delt'm,inlna car~ Coals. sc n:hma for 
JObs or elploring profcssional or Jradu31e jChool opportunities. No 
AppolnlmcRi ncCCSsaJ)'. JU)I w<ilk-in. Career Sc,..,."es Cenler. Fret. 

l :OOp.m.-Today is the dc:adlwc 10 .pply ror a pnnl l nlern.~hip In S.n 
Dle,o. Ihrou~h ASIO Conla'i ASIO al n4.46t(~ If you arc Intt'reliled . 
ASIOoffice.3td rloor. Pncc eeRIer. 

ORGANIZATIONAL MEETINGS 
TUESDA Y. JANUARY 30 

6:00p.m.-SOCIAL COMMIITEE M~LTING. u",oo of J.wISh SIU' 
denl$. Re\ldle Commuter Loun"e . 

WEDNESDA Y, JANUARY 31 

IO:OOa.m.-4;OOp.m. The I ~"cl A(;tlvJlle~C_ofTImIUCC hoi) an Inform,) · 
lion Table up In Revc:lle Piau. Come and 131 ... v.uh Jt' ..... L.Ioh Sludenllt aboul 
JeWish lI(c 00 umP'll and opportunities for \lllIlIIn, Isruel 

Monday, January 29,1990 

RELIGIOUS FUNCfIONS 
MONDAY, JANUARY 29 

7:0lIp. ..... :IIp.m.- CHI ALPHA CHRISTIAN I-ELLOWSIIiP InYU.' 
you to !ihl1f'e in an evening of n:frc&hln. ",oo;hlp and 'hallenalfli lcachln~ 
fmm the Bible Every Mond:J.yC\·eninc at th~ Revelle J;om.al Louncc. For 
more inform:Hlon c:l1I5H6-12.B . a~k for Jim. 

TUESDA Y THROUGH SATURDAY 

5:00p.m -CATIIOLIC MASS. Sponsoml b) Ihe Calhollc Student 
CommuRlly.t1 UCSD. Ulm Cl'$lIy Luth( ... ,tn Chur'\:h, ComcrC>f N. TOITey 
PHlh!lAd L.a Jolin Shorell Dnve 

TUESDA Y. JANUARY 30 

IJ:tIIt.a.-I .......... 1IilIIo Soody • Chn-. ..... tIIJO) read" .. ..... 
....". .. Oad·. __ w. _ .......... 01_. E_ IS in ..... ! 
...... _I_c.-r, .... ,. 

ll_.m..I: ..... _W .. Uy T ..... _y d_ willi _ Data, 
SJolftick.. dWcIOt 0{ the Je..'i~ c.mpu, Cmten II UCSD. All Ire 
welcome 10 Ihh tnt l-bSS about the weekly Bible ponioo ~ by lhe 
)t'''' I''' community. 302 Mallhews. 

6:00p.m.-7:00p.m~-Whal doc~ the Gospo:l ur Murt hn''C 50 SII)' about 
Omslilln li\'ln; on " .. lInlPUlo:r Come and nnd OUl.:l.t lhe ~u~ly Bible ftttp. 
ipOIlsored by lhc Unilcd Campull MinlSU)'. I( 'Iou need some 'f)lrit in 'lour 
life ... hy ROC put lhe "spiritual" priority bac~ into your life Ihls quarter . 
Meets in Ihe Canlpull MiRl~lf)' offil'C. Buikhn, S02. MAAC ~Z 

WEDNESDA Y. JANUARY 31 

6:00p.m.- E\oeryonc interclllc:d 10 aood food IS "" ckomc til thf ""ttkly 
Wcdncsdtly dlAlICD> ItrCrved by the Luther.tn Community :11 UCSD Unl' 

\'e~ly I..ulhcran Oum:h. UCnbS the "reel from Rt'~clle College 

7:00p.m.- BlbIc ~ tud>' led by Lutheran Campus Pa ... tor Joon Huber 2. 
Corinthian.) ~ <>Jx:n 10aJl. Unl .. cfllHY Lutheran Chur\:h.lK·~1 ,he trcct 
rrom RC:Ioclh: Collea:.e. 

1:3Op.m.- WEDNESDA Y NIGIIT DISCUSSIONS Fr. Pi."" R,che •. 
vi lUna proft'bOr' of religious ludic! :u UCSD. ""ill givr II bncf prc'OC-n-
\lillon on lhe Sacrumenls foUowed by Quc lion and dlscus>lOO. Univer· 
ny LUlheran OUI'(.'h, Catholic Lounge. 

9:JOp.m.-cANDLELlGItT MASS. A quiel. medilative limt for ,hur-In, wilhothcr). Spoosored by IhcCalhohc StU<kntCornmunllYII UCSD. 
Um\'cl1olty LUlheran Churt'h. comer 0( N. Tom:y Pill(:~ and La JoII3 
Soo... Dr. 

THURSDA Y, FEBRUARY 1 

7:30p.m.- Olblc Shady. Epi)(;opOlrI roI1es:elltudents. Wctkly Bible lliudy 
Oind mOfHhly cvents. Info: Fr. Bill Mahedy. 565-6661. 51. Ehzabeth ', 
Church. 2820S Menon Ave" 5.0 , 

7:JOp.m.- BIBlESTUDY: JOin .... llh l1lembc:Oiof the CalholicCommu-
nilY for ~nccllon and ~haring aboul lhe upcoming Sunday Scripturell. 

Univer~ty LUlheran Church, corner of N. Torrey PIIlCS 1100 I...:t Jo&la 
Soo... Dr. 

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 4 

1.00KING FOR A RIDE TO CHURCII~ DON 'T WANT TO GO 
ALONE? 1ll(n join with other Christian slucient from Unilcd Campus 
MiRlsrry on the first Sund:.y of each monlh as we visit lhe San Dtc&O 
Pft:sbylerlan . MClhod i~I, uee. Disciples Churthc P1easec:lllj34-2.521 
(or delalls. A frrcc brunch is includt'd. C.ampus MiRl slry ocrI('(: S02 
MAAC. 

8: .... m. Ind IO:OOa.m.-Episcopal Cilurch Wonhip Service: Sund:ly 
Euchuilll and p:uish fdlow$hip. Good Samaritan Episcop:tl Church. 
4321 Easlg;lte Mall. 

8:.lOa.m.-CA TIIOLIC MASS . SpooSOl<d by lhe C"holic Slu<I<nl 
Community at UCSD. University Lulhcr"n Church, comer or N, Torrey 
Pines .00 La JolllI Shores Dr. 

to:OOa.m.-A sermon series on 2 Corinlhians cominuc:s durin, the 
Luthctiln worship hour. AlI llre wel,.'ol'l'It:. Univershy LUlherun Ourch, 
acros the stlttl from Reyelle Col1e~t' 

5:00p.m.-cA TIIOUC MASS. Sponsored by the Catholic SUJdeOl 
Community Ilt UCSD. University LUlheran Church, c..-ornerof N. Torrey 
Pines and La JOlill Shores Dr. 

9:oop.m.-CA TI.JOLiC MASS. SpooSO<td by lhe a.lholic Slu<I< .. 
CommunilY al UCSD. UniversilY Luthcran Oturt'h, cornerofN. Torrey 
PUleS and L:s Joll4 Shores Dr. 

LECfURES AND DlSCUSSIONS 
MONDAY. JANUARY 29 

l:OOp.m.-'·Jack. llndJl1i wcnl up the hill 10 Jta.rc a while wine sprit"r. 
Thcy both laid down and fooled around and now none of her dres)(s filS 
hfr." -Johnny Carson II I 8. ConlC to blrlh control infoscuion to kam how 
10 date: responSibly. Studenl lie:allh Service. 2nd floor. 

TUESDAY. JANUARY 30 

I :OOp.m,-"JocK ;snd Jill went up the hill 10 do some body bou~lng . 
Irresponsibly Jill forlot that day's pill, and now they're in ror piCinaocy 
counselina;,." 'Il SIu«nl Health Advocatt' , 1989 Learn how I() usc: a 
variety of nlClhods from I fello ..... Siudeni Health Advocate. Studen t 
Hcalth SCf"VKe, 2nd floor. 

7:00p.m.-1bc Spcdal Ad\lltOf 10 lhe goyernmenl of ~h~'(Ic..'O on Oru, 
Policy. Dr. Guido Oelll:lsso, Will ~peak on " Dru,,~ and the MeXican-U.S. 
Relationship." Sallla Cruz. Room. 2nd floor, Pncc Centcr. Free. 

WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 31 

No lime giHn- SahaJ' YOI;:l Mcdllallon - InuooU4,:tory das . Eltperi-
enee the JOy of your splnt throu,h Kund:thni a""a~~l1in&. Safc. genlle, 
cffef,; ll ye ta:hmqucs ror true medlallOO. Price Center. SamOl 8.trbar.t 
Room. Frt'e.. 

I:OOp.m.- ls 1he pililoochcntical for )'ou'! A "'ondonltoudc:scnYl izin,? 
Learn lOOul lhe od\l/lnt:l.ges and disadvOlllla&CS of 011 wrlll ofbmh control 
melhods You e'en gel I free condom! Even !fyou doo'l Ilkc them,they 
pre\'cnt STO'~ SIlKlcnlllealth ServK.'C. 2nd noor, 

THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 1 

I :OOp.m.- Art you frce III I 00" P~h~ oft lhe hour IU un InformJtl"c Well 
WOffi';l!l Scbion Learn aU aboul .. hJt ~oc:rr. on dunn' .. pel'Wl\: eumlnd 
pap l!.mcar NUlrltlon,,1 hlnt~ lind the lalc\1 mfo about nonse..u:lJly 
Ir.tn,mlllcd dl3(alltll SuJdenl Health SCrvllC, 2JK1 floor 

ASShCiOIf1 flltllil EUllllr GUlf Jo/mJ,fJn. {1 Wurr("l1 Jtlllor, B ""lrUnN 1m" 
diJC.wntnlury IItltd. · Onl)' Wlw" They SkP on Your Rose Gorden," 
lh(.lIl"N 14111111~ impu('In/lhEbordr:r tm)owtJ: prop/to both Mt"ucununll 
American SI:",(ul of Mr pl"mu Imm lllil proJtLl hu'!;t filII In turUer 
ntmoru (lIThe Gu.trdlan She ~elcom("l un) CillnmtnlJ (1r .u'IlStlt;mu. 
OmJucllK!f Uj 'ht Guanlulft offi(!ts upswirl In '/~ Smcklll Ct'lIIer Tilt 
pJ .. JIO /jl1 In..ta)'"S il1!tnJar i.t ll ,h'd, " TOllfUU uQwnR Ti)uUlu 1m " 
StUurJtJJ NI,/II .. 

I 
,J;t 

I· 

Monday, January 29, 1990 The U SD Guardian OPINIO 

Sr.TH ~ 1.1l t: R. ' (1,"1 
0'" IIJ \\\'''' ... w. '.1," 
11'ITO\ III n 'I H I .... :., 

C ITHlRI'f. 1J1l 1 1 '" "'a, 
UA VID Rl:R" H ,In , ," .. , .• 1.10,,,· 

rJA~A C flA It\K.~ , hSIIt",lt.'I '·" f(illt" 
J .\\IESCOI.LlER ' ..... " ttl,:., 
•• l A'DlAS.M.4'1t" ( !UOT 
KANOYIJOTI'( iA.t '/'\ r, .. :.,' 
flOREr.' ERE'" \ , \ .al( " .,:(U'I L J.: t 
PI·IIL (au E' . \411'11' r ,',i"r 
PATKI(lJ\ J .. ~rnl:. . H" ,' II FI,t'" 
(,AIL JOH' 0'. '"' , l it 11m PIli "" Ldu'" 
L£7\'(; I..() H.A.fSf'C.lwh 1/ I, I(,'f [.11ft., 

So many chOICes to make So many 
thinQs to COIlsidM. Is " wonh the efton? 
Will I be happy? Will I be /uffilled? 

Fultillment comes with doing whal 
you lOve and doing II well USIng your lal· 
ent. in In almosphere whe" person. I 
growttr;s encouraged. 

TIle Paullsls can ofter you a lit • . A 
life 01 commitll'HHlI 10 {*)pie. Helping lhe 
10M and ,/ifNla/ed f,nd . spm/ual home Us 
/t'f1 radio. 1""$""'. fIlm and olher conrem· 
porary means 10 spread Ihe Gospel 
l'otIrlcing wnh olher ChrlSllanS for unrty and 
~ a dHpef unde,standlng WIth othe, 
world re/igiotls. 

ff you '" looI<mg 10' lit • . nOI IUSI a 
cetWw. choose me P.uliats. 
For maN Jr,,,,",,..-ool call '~23s.3456. 

II I Ill, \ ",11"11, ,.1/.'. 
I, .. " '\11 1.\ \, , /:.tlUI" 
~'\I ,/1 .l1(1"'.l'i, •. ' '.i,' I 
III I ' ·II NI- \ It •• ,dl r\lllll<ll,,' t" 
\111 '\ '1,1 I l/l l .... ~ . \./ , I(/IIW.I,' . \l IIIl4', r 
\ Uh.1 \I t\K J 1 ........ 1.. 'I" : • . m: [)c. I; Ill" 
I t I '\, H HI \1(' ( ':11\ 1.)11., \f 11/( /;., 

" ,i'". ...... ....... . 

,... .. . ..... ~ ... ~ 
, . 

.. ~ .... , .... :~ ..... .. . 
"' .. . "'!I' •• \ •• '? • 
.~ ." ... -,. .. . ,..-:~ ..... - ... - ,-. 

.. '000"'1 O"t .. ~ c ','(10' " . -v.~ ...... ... 

Choose 
a 
life ... 
not 
justa 
career. 

Orwr"e. Father John F Dully, C .S P, Paulls! Falhels Ik>catlon OHlce 
415W.SI591h Street. N ..... YOlk NY 10019 

GIT A SUMMER MANAGEMENT 
INTERNSHIP! 

1.-1 
I Llrn t t.hd,\ .' l·,! 
, __ l_C_ Rl\ l·rt.;h._I,_· __ 

,-----

1.111111 1 I' ~;t:.. r 
e l l l p . . 
~tt" I Ui .. l)b,"l h\ 

.. _----

'iP"I\<·,·r r 'T" 
L: ,( 1\1\ ,"'Id,' 

, 
, 

l'll1l1 \l'. l1l r ... \ III 
I ~ I 

Inl1l1 1'1,1\ . 111 
l l ..... 111 D I .. ·~\) 

ASK THESE CALIFORNIA STUDENTS 
WHAT THEY DID LAST SUMMER 

Wh~n you do, they will tell you of Long Hours and Hard Work; 
of the most Stressful Experience of thei r lives; of earning $8,000 
to $30,000 in one summer: and of the Greatest Training and 
learning Experience of their lives! 

Call our Head Office at 1-800-426-
6441 for an application or to put you 
in touch with other California Students 
who didn't get a summer job, but got a 
Summer Management Internship! 

To smdy alone for Ihe MCAT IS nearly Impossible To smdy wllhoUI 
Stanley H. Kaplan 15 Simply a bad career move 

Maybe iI's our SO years of experience Our sma ll classes and advanced 
[eachmg methods Or a research department [hal reacts [0 [est changes before 
most companies even know Ihey eX15[ 

Wha[ever It 15. if medicme 15 m your fumre . Stanley H Kaplan can hel p 
you stan practicing right now 

• STANLEY H. KAPlAN £ Take Kaplan Or Take Your Chances 
Classes on Campus starting February 15, 1990 

Call 277-6744 to register! 

For other loca[lon5 al\ 800-KAP-TEST. 

9 



.. 

10 FEAT1.. RES 

s'sorted 
. 

CDs'? 
Compact Dfscs' Emergence 
is PUShlng I:..P ~ 'Out of 

'-' 

Pictur at A.. ort d Vinyl 
• R~' Lior ROi:enmen 
C olltribuhllg Writer 

The comp.l I 'he t CD) revo]ullon ha~ changed the 
wa. we listen t and bu~ our mu . ie. The \1nyl record. 
~.n"e thJ ,taple of the mu,1 Indust!). IS no\\ bemg 
pha: <:d out 01 e\IM~rh.e b) the smaller. IIghtel. and 
more dumble compad pl"C. 

re 

Lam \\ etntraub. a~ .. l. tant manager ot UCSD'~ 
. ,aid the mu"c tl,re I' "pha~IIlg out 

fd\ r f CD The recolds ~lIll re-

"t, tl~bn onl) n \\ 

I k e,lIm:lt",,, that records n w c mpme no m re 
han fl\<.' r rcel1l of '\~~oned \'111)1':-. :-ales. 

A ,u [Omer can stlll,bu\' an LP from Assooed 
n) . but J n't expect to .iu" walk III and find It . 

Plildng pe':lal order for LP, take, SC\ eral dn) s to be 
flied. 

"The onl ..... a.\ fur p ople to bu~ cum:nt [rc.:ordj 
.lIbl.n .. It. ordel th~m in athan:.:," V. euur'dub 

tcd 
J ust b\!~' u,.,e record .. are being pha ... ed out. don't 

expecl Assoned Vin)l to change it~ name - CDs are 
.. I 0 '11,IJ~ e' \ my!. 

\ factor that has contrihuted to the ri .. e 01 CD, 
over LP, .. I III pie: cum en It:nce. 

" ...,.,.'dl , YOU kl1O\\ te"ords ... th t!) • re a hassle," 
aldCD c0r>nOlS. eur Gt:off Rudl. 

CD unlike rc 'ord" Jon'r ,clatch. and as the namt: 
Hnplles. art: "compaet." 

Certain lechnologlcal advances have abo hecil 
aJjed to CD players 10 fUr1ht:r enhance their com en 
Icncc. 

Mostllnponant. Rud i said, "CDs arc easier to 
\lorl.. v.;ith a remote If you have the CD HI the player. 
~ nu don'l evt!n have to g.:t up:' 

Unlike rc.:onh. aillhe mu,ic I' on one "de of the 
CD • .,0 there" no need to turn the dbc ovel. In 
addition. CDs have longer playing times- "up to 88 
minutes." according to Weintraub. Several CD., also 
mclude one or two e),tra songs that could not fit on 
the ~horter·playing LP. 

The decltne tn record sales and fiSC in CD sales has 

T h LTC ' 1) yuardian Monday, January 29, 1990 

eatu s 

James C ollier/Guardian 
Larry Weintraub, assistant manager of Assorted Vinyl, said the store is ·phasing out records." 

been reflected 1I1 small musIc 0utkts and large record · 
ing compame~ alIke. Assol1ed Vinyl u~ed to be a 
"re~ord .,tore," \\ nh record:. accounting tor ~5 pc "en 
of all sales. Records made up 50 pt!rcent of the stock 
in 1987. Cun-ently, Well1traub ~aid that less than five 
percent of Ihe music store' s sales are in records. 

Vicki Lo, in-house marketing dIrector at Warner 
Elektra Atlantic ('NEA), l>aid that records comprise 
less than five percent of sales at WEA, whtle CDs 
make up approximately 40 per(;em of ales. 

"There is a defimte decrease in LP saks counterbal-
anced by an increase in CD sale"," Lo said Against 
the clear rise in CD sales. Lo estimated that the 

Steve Foth, manager of Off The Record in Encinitas, said, 
"Some people call CDs the eight·tracks of the '90's .• 

percentage of record sales has decreased a steady five 
percent annually in recent years. 

Thi .. effect is not just a local phenomenon, eIther, 
Lo said. 

"I've spokt:n with independent record stores in 
eight separate states since the New Year," Lo 
conllnued, "and most [record] accounts are decreas-
ing." 

Stores thaI sell only records suffer from the natIon-
wide decrease in L P demand. 

The CD revolution has also affected the way com-
panies market thei r art ists. According to Lo, several 
new artists are be ing released solely on compact di c 
for a slight ly lowered price. The lowered price is 
meant to lure record buyers to purchase CDs, Lo ~ald . 

She ident ified John Wesley Harding and the HOlt'>e-
martins a~ two s uch groups. She also said that other 
forms of music s uch as classical and country are now 
released almost solely on C D. 

"W e want to wean the public onto CDs, especially 
new music buyers," Lo explained. 

A significant g ripe with the compact disc comes 
from the artists themselves. Both Lo and We intraub 
have come in contact wi th bands disgruntled over the 
limited space for artwork on the seven-inch C D 
jackets. 

"Musicians are aoists. The ir music is their art , and 
See DISCS, page 9 

Group Hopes to Increase UCSD's 'Awareness' About Tijuana 
By JULIE HEIMLER 
Staff Wri rer 

The typical image ofTiJuana i!o 
a Mexican border city 20 mi l e~ 
away from UCS D w h e re firs t-year 

sludcnt~ go to pa rty a nd tourists go 
to hunt for bargains . H owever, the 
UCSDffij uana Cultural Connec-
1i9n, a new program on campus, 
hopes to c hange thiS image. 

The' organization was e tab-
l ishcd over the ~ummer of 1989 , 
and it~ mission is to"fo~terdlverse 
programs. events, ac t i vi ties, and 
experiences, to faci li ta te increa e d 
knowledge and awareness among 
the UCSD community about the 
people and c ulture o f T ijuana." 

The organization wru.originally 

fonnula ted by Joseph Watson, vice 
chancellor of undergraduate af-
fairs, and Tom Tucker, a~~ i stant 
vice c hancell or, in an effort to 
increase the UCSD community's 
knowledge about Tijuana. 

To ac hieve thi s goal, programs 
have been imple mented within 
categories such as academic ex -
changes, volunteering and com-
munity service , educational pro-
grams, and trips geared toward 
cultural and social activities. 

Blue Robbin~, assistant resi -
dent dean of Mu ir College, acts as 
the chairman of the UCSDffijuana 
Cultural Conneclion . He became 
involved with the program as a 
result o f his lIlterest and experi-
ence with academic exchanges in 

I 

the past between UCSD and vari-
ous nau onal and intemational uni· 
vers ities. 

The UCSDffiJuana C ult ural 
Connection acts as an umbrella 
organization to tie together t:xbt-
ing projects and programs all eady 
in exis tence at UCSD, as well a~ 
those thai exist in San Diego and 
Tijuana. The group also hopes to 
improve the communication be-
tween these dl fferent program~ and 
form new programm ing. 

The group ha s org an ized 
"Tijuana Day," which is sched-
uled for Wednesday , Jan. 31 at the 
Price Center Plaza, and is expec ted 
to be a permanent quarterly eve nt. 
Over 20 booths wi ll be ~e t up be-
tween I I a.m. and 2 p.m. repre 

sent ing the diffe rent o rganizations 
involved with the UCSD{fijuana 
Cultural Connectio n. 

Booths will conlain exhibits, 
brochures concerning their affili · 
ation with Tijuana awareness, and 
sign-ups for exchanges and c ul -
tural trips to Tijuana . Some of the 
organizations that will be repre-
sented include the Tijuana Cul-
tural Center, the Volunteer on-
nection, the International Cente r, 
and the Center for U.S.-Mex ican 
Studies. 

Also during this lime, there will 
be a Mexican opera singer, two 
ballet companie~, and a popular 
Mexican band performing. At noon 
in Gallery A of the Price Cente r, 
Kathy Pe terson of the U.S. Consu-

late in Tijuana, Jose Tabuena from 
Student Legal Services, and stu-
dent speakers such as Soni a Nunez 
are scheduled to speak . 

At I p.m. in the Santa C ruz 
room by the International Center, 
the re will be pane l d iscuss ions 
abo ut variou~ educational and ex 
opportuniti es in Mexico. Robbins 
said it is a perfect opportunity for 
the UCSD communi lY to become 
involved. 

Robbins said his hope is that 
Tijuana Day will " raise the con-
sciousness at UCSD about pro-
grams, projects, and events avail-
able in which students and faculty 
may panicipate." 

Tijuana Day will enable people 
See TIJUANA, page 9 

Monday, ) .\I1U .11)' 29, ) 990 

Tijuana 
Continued from page 8 
to ·;jgn up for programs, exh lbi 
tions, or trips cente red arou nd 
Tijuana. All c\ ents, such as art 
c"hiblt ions . thea ter, academIC 
exchanges, and trips to cul tural 
ce nter. will bcfree forUCS D stu-
dents and racult). 

The next TIj uana Day is sched-
ukd for April 25. Robbin saId he 
would Ilke to see continued sup 
port from the UCS D community, 
and create new exchange pro 
grams, as well as a Mexican fil m 
series 

The UCSD Guardian 

James Collie r/Gu,u'dian 

Discs 
Continued from page 8 
they care about e\er) aspec:! of It," 
Wein traub saId 

A complaint that crops up trom 
o therwl e satisfied lI steners is the 
price of CDs. 

"Will the prices ever godown?" 
CD buyer Karenrae ebon asked. 
Lo saId the price won't be coming 
dOVon anytIme soon 

The adverse effect of CD, on 
LP sales may be reminiscent of 
the effect that cassette tapes had 
on eIght-track format (whl(;h are 
no longer popular). 

As records fade away, people 
may wonder whether CDs will go 

FEATU RES 11 

the same way a, records and eIght 
track tapes when omethmg else 
comes a long. 

Steve Foth, manager of Off The 
Re(;ord in Encinitas, ~ald "Some 
people call CDs the eighl-tracks of 
the '90's." 

Digital Audio Tapes (OATs) 
may be considered by some as a 
threat to CD, ' rule . 

Wemt rauh. howevt:r , ~till sees 
C D,as the 'taple for ycars to come, 
and ~Jld that DAT pIa) co, ) are too 

expen~ive for the gennal public. 
LO,on theoth~r hand ,;lId "CDs 

are the blggestthing fight now, but 
who kno.... ' The) could go the 
way of the LP.·· 

(Jc~ . ....-.:.18 roundtrip airfares on 
Northwest Airlines. , • • 

____ s, not Just a grear prICe. 
ts a great experIence. 

Only for rudent Am rican Express® Cardmembers. 
Apply for the American Express ill Card. 
Then get ready to take off. In search of 
adventure, action- or JUSt imply to escape. 

American Expre and Northwest 
Airlines have arranged these extraordinary 
travel privileges on Northwe t- exclusively 
for srudent Card members: 
• CERTIFICATES VALl)) FOR THE PURCHASE 
OF TWO $118 ROUNDTRIP TICKET to many 
of the more than 180 citie in the 48 contig· 
uous United States served by Northwest. 
Each certificate is good for a six·month 
period, and they will arrive within six 
·weeks after you receive the Card. Current 
Cardmembers will automatically receive 
their $118 certificates by March 15, 1990 
provided they are still full time srudents~ 

• 10". OFF ANY NORTHW~l FLIGHT - with 
your own personalized di count card, valid 
throughJanuary 1991 on all Northwest and 
Northwe t Airlink flights. (Thl di coum 
is not applicable [0 the $11 tudent 
certificates and other certificate , 
promotional or special status airfares.) 
• 2,500 BONUS MILES roWARD FREE TRAVEL-
when you enroll in Northwest's World Perksill 
Free Travel Program. 

AND NOW BECOMING A CARDMEMBER 
IS AS EASY AS A TELEPHONE CALL. 

Just pick up the phone, call 1800-942· 
AMEX, and talk to us. We'll take your 
application and begin to proces it 
immediately. (If you have your banking 
information handy, like your account . 
number and bank address, it will help 

APPLY TODAY 

TRAVEL 
RElATED 
SERVICES 

1-800-942 -AMEX 
-,.~, .. ~ """" 

speed the proce s.) 
Keep in mind that our Automatic 

Acceptance Program makes it easier for 
you to become a Card member now, as a 
rude nt, than it will ever be again. 

And lemember that as a Cardmem 
ber you'U enjoy all the exceptional benefits 
and p rsonal service you would expect from 
American Express. 

o don't miss out on a world of great 
experiences. Pick up the phone. Apply for 
the Card. And start packing! 

@ 
NORTHWEST 

AIRLINES 
·If you arc at read a Mudem Amenean Expre<> Cardmcrnber and have a question aboullh,s pro!(ram. pi a", 'l<'nd our wntten 4ue'"on .• WPy ufl'our "udent III .nd .1.-, M hcdulc 10 ' American Expre s. PO. Box 350 29. 

Ann Srudent Markellng. Greensboro. NC 274 2S hrc I, for ro undtrip travel on Northwest A"lInes TI(ke~ mU>l be purcha>ed wllh,n 24 hou'" . ller m'~JOI! r~ ",.lIon, FHe,. r< nonrefundable and no itinera ry Changes 
may be made aftcr purchase em allhl> fue orr hmlled and may noc be avaltable when you caU Tr2vel must ong""" b « rt.fieot,· cxp".II<1n dJic JnJ be compleled wnhln 60 d.y, 01 (hat date Tr.ovcl may nOi be av .. lable 
between cities 10 whICh Nonhwesl d()(Os nOI h.,. pubhs~d rou ll ng' City fuel surcharges nOllncluded In hre (rom 80SIon ($2 SO) , ChlCdgo ( S 00). Ocnl'er ($2 OO) . nd Flo nd. tli le ( 2 00 ) Ce mln bla ko u! date , nd 
other restrl tian may apply for complete offer de," i!;. catl I 800 912 AM EX II> 1990 Amencan bpres Travel Rebled &rvlce Compan y. Inc 

THE AMERICA I-.XPRI:.S ' A RD FOR T DE T ' MOR E THA EVER 



r 

Your Decision. }Our Choice. 
• Free PregnanC) 

Testmg 
• lOll Ct)st Earl\ 

Pregn,m(\ T(.>..;t 
• Immeth tt 

'Ie" Rl'-ulh 
• I'rl'gn,lYll \ 

Tt r'llI 'lUll 

• ~tt abk 
rtt ltmt~l 

• <., ..1.1(1"11 D l 

fi, Jllt~r(' L lilt' 
535-13i9 

1ft It" ur, U 

Calf'.e, geft, • 
I I 
ent 

TONIGHT! 
PRICE CENTER THEAfKt 

TNO SHOWS. 7 and ~ rr 
f KETS' $2 AT BOX OFFICe 

I 

The VCSD Gu.u-di<ln 

,,-~po,.ts Tril'ia Quiz 
Rules and Rr 'Illation,,: 
• ,)l'lId tl" till" ull "II c I 2 'b\ 

I I ',h,'cr 0/ /'</pc;' ,dollg 11uh \,u/;' 
/I,/IIl( , rem 111.1'1 h!lul, h'"!I, IUIII/ 

olle~( 1'011 <I/tcnd (/( l'( '\D lila 
or ,1l/drc.I.I, .lIId phollc nlllll", r 
'() Sporn Ed/lor, L .\D Glltlrd· 
'dl!. B-Ola, La jolla, Crt 9~093, 
lOll ,all (//.1'0 "rol' If off' (11 1/1< 
IP, rJI cd/wI' ~ />0.1 ,If rill' GilaI'd 
/(/1/ oj}I('(', /octl/e,I, '1/ rllt' .1('COI/i! 
1]001' of rile Old SOillellI Celllci. 
al 1'0.1.\ frolll Ihc gym 

• \/ICC'SD lIudcllI.I, ,{aft' ,lIId 
{("'lIit\' {/f< I ~ihlc ro el/fll C.I-
(;CP{ for GllardlUlI Slaff IIIcmbers 
al/d elllp/O\Ce,\ of B1's C'hicago 
Pi::.::.eria, 

• The perSO}1 \1110 comes lip wirll 
Ihe 1/I0S! correct £'IIlries, as deler-
milled by Ihe Judges. II ill be de-
dared Ihe grunJ pri:e winnerull(/ 
lI'ill be recoglll:ed whell rhe qui: 

/.\ [1I11IICd Ihl' Jilll(Jwlllg wcd:, III 
I Ill' t \ elr! of tilt" ,/, "',1It '//Iii 11'/11 bt 
hel,1 It ,I, {emu II, It, ~ralld pi I t 
,1m. I TIIO,\"( ( I C( r ('lilli' I II, I 

(/"t((/a5llu!~lal/"plI.c' /I 
I .II be CUJl.I;dl'I." I /IIml IS Itl' 

• Onl) • iii ,nil \'perIJ. I', P I 
I I'd FIlIII< 11111 '1>( altheG 1"ld 
1(/1/ b\ <; I) /II {/I ~(/llI'dG\ 

• lin "und I'll l' \\111111'1' 11.11 
I't (cil'( Iwo ~ 111ft t rrljll'llfS timll 
R./· I, RWl/lerj-lIp l all oil/mil tlf/'! • 
PI" ireI' '1 ellh('r Hiclleloh Druft 01 
sod'l II Irell dillillg (f( BJ\ Chicago 
Pi=uia, loculcd /II L.I ""0 \ II 
lage Square 

Thi~ 'H'l'k'~ IIUl,.,tilln.,: 
l. What major league team did 

Je)hn Ehl,l) sign "ith after hi~ gr,ltlu-
.lIlOn flOm tanfonP 

2. The Dc'nl cr Bronco, play thclor 
'wmc games In what stadium? 

], S.F -1-9cr nose guard Jim Burt 
played on " hat team last ) car') 

of, What wa~ the la~t 'FL Ic'JIll 10 
finish Ihecntlre sea,on without a loss" 

5, Who made the famous "Catch" 
in the 1982 "IFC champion, hip game 
between the 4gers anti the COl' boys? 

6. Which of these currem "ger~ 
wa, nOI on their 19 5 Super Bowl 
team A) Jerry Rice B) Ronnie LOll C) 
Roger Craig D) Keena Turner? 

7, Oilers 'quarlerbacl.. Warren 

Mond,lY, J.l.l1uary 29, 1990 

"tul ... a 

J ast \ntk·., all"\'('r~: 
I. T,uc 
2. onJ~llUs 
,\, B) :\DII~ Dame 
of. B) 0,111 Dierdorf 
5. ;-.Je\1 Jersey (Jcnerals, DallJ, 

C\l\lhoys. anti MlIlncsuta 
ViI-lOgs 

6, San Jose (' ~th largc,t city in 
the nation) 

7, Enc Dlcl-erson 
8, Green Buy 
9, Tru~ 
10. Oal..s or Hustlin' Oal-s 

Last" cek 's winner: 
Olga Meza 
Junior. Mutr 
Political Science 
Healdsburg, CA 
Runners.up: 21 people 
(List will be posted at BJ',) 

THE PYRAMID OF PARIS Concemp,"rary." and archnecturc, including I. \i. PCI S glass pyrilmld ac (he louvre. are two of the foul points of our 1990 Summf:r Program. 
If you eat It, 

drink It, wear It. 

buy it, sell it. 

provid it. or 

gotta "ave t, 

t 5 n fhe 

Guardl 01 

.. \iore ,han 40 
regutar o((ertng, 
(rom the 

Uni"er~iIY'S 
hlJ.,ral am 
curriculum 

... . \ ,hree-week 
French tangua~c 
immer.ion 
rror;ram, 
featunng 
,ultur.J1 walk. 19 
h.1.:r 

.. A horl course o n the French 
on the history o( Riviera 
'he Berlin Wall, 
cul m inating in a .. Weekend 
fi,e .. day.study excursions: 
(rip ~ormandy, 

Champagne • 
.. St.mmar (ou~: LOire ralley 

m('dieval and chateaux, ilnd 
Rcnalssancc art Givcrny 
en Burgund\,; 
nJ moJ~rn ar. 

/f,/ l"olll"n~1 "/,, 1'1"(1 I~(II I(.(((tl liUIf'I/(~ 
l/t (,/'rlal(l"'1 /",/,1" ('11/ (~1".n(/iO ,/Nutlil 
/""" Intj';", , ,,/ . 11, ""'1 //IiIt,,1t I 

Men's Cuts 
WJ1h Thi \d 

Women's Cuts 
\\ ith -1 hi'; Ac. 
Wltn' Yvonne Kore~, N (ole 

'PRICES INCLlJDE 
graphIC cut, h mpoo 
condltlunmg a"d 
profeSSIonal styltng 

54 OFF 
21 00 

$5 OFF 
Reg $2600 

Intersession: 
May 28 • June 15 
Summer Session: 
June 18· July 27 
Send for our 1990 
Summer Program 

Brochure 

THE 
AMERICAN 

UNIVER ITY 
o P 81 

G AM 18 

Monday, January 29, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 13 

THIS MAY BE 
THE PROGRAM 

FOR YOU ... 
UCLA Masters/Credential Program 

The Teacher Education Laboratory of the UCLA Graduate School of Education 
is pleased to announce a program to be offered during 1990- 91 in which stu· 
dents may simultaneously earn a Masters Degree and a Teaching Credential 
in four quarters of study. 
For those students who wish to earn a teaching credential only, the application 
period for the 1990- 91 Teacher Credential Program is also now open. 
Interested senior and graduate students are invited to submit applications 
lor either the Masters/Credential Program or the Teacher Credential Program 
before the Apri/15, 1990 deadline, 

For more information and to receive an apolicat ion form please contact 

The Office of Student Services • 201 Moore Hall • (213) 825-8326 

Need Extra Cash? 
M_Ice up to $250 per Montll 

Are you healthy and 
between the ages of 

18 and 30? 

All Ethnic Groups Needed 
.". ..... D ... o,. N •• "'" C_II '6 r 91265-2407 

... J.". VI" ••• ."uare 
Dellfa' Group Ollen You: 

• COSMETIC BONDING • VISA OR MASTERCARD 
• EVENING APPTS, • INSTANT INSURANCE 
• STEREO HEADPHONES EVALUATION 
• NITROUS OXIDE • SlUDENT DISCOUNTS 
• 24·HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• ORAL SURGERY FOR WlSOM TOOTH EXTRACTION 

-------------------------
'IITRODIICIO • ., 0'''. 

EXAM & CLEANING $29 -.590 
ONLY 

Includes: Cleoning and P~ishi"!l ' X·Rays. Oral CanGer ........ vnd PrivoIe Consullalion. Expire> 2/15/90 
0Ifered 10: Students, Facuhy Q.ld Staff of UCSD 

-------------------------DAVID S •• INOIt D.D.S. 
Member: ADA, COA, SOCOS, Delta Dental 

8961 Villa La JoIa Dr_, Sui .. SOl 
lbehind Kinko's) 455·9151 

ALL STUDENTS WELCOME TO ATTEND!!! 

E~ 
s-

FTHE 
DRE 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1990 
PRICE CENTER PLAZA 

STUDENT BODY PRESIDENT 
JOHN RAMIREZ 

COLLEGE COUNCIL CHAIRS 
CHANCELLOR ATKINSON 

VICE CHANCELLOR WATSON 

Adressing Concerns and Issues presently affecting 
the Students at UCSD. 

12:00 - 1:00 Addressing the student body in 
the Price Center Plaza 

1:00 - 2:30 Informal Discussion Period with 
Refreshments 

Price Center, 3rd Floor 
Conference Room #8 

Just minutes from camPus in Holiday Court 
SAN DIEGO'S MOST UNIQUE UQUOR STaRE. OUTSTANDING SELECnON 
Of FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC WINES. BEERS a UQUORS • INTERNAnONAL 
AND OUT·Of·STATE NEWSPAPERS .LOTTO .LOmRY .GOURMET FOODS 
fROM HOMEMADE TO DECADENT .BUO'S SAN fRANCISCO ICE CREAM 

PARLOR. WE HAVE THE BEST BEST SELECnON IN SAN DIEGO ·MOVIE 
RENTALS .POPCORN • IMPORTED CHOCOLATES 

FREE DELIVERY in La Jolla, Golden Triangle 
area on all orders of $35 and over 

OPEN: SUN.-THURS, 6 am-MId .. FRI.·SAT, 6 om-2 am 3251 Holiday court off V1Ua La Jolla 455- 1~14 
,-; ---.......'" 

l' We package and .hip anywhere. 
~. )8~Uy"-on"'-e s .... ,ng-...,e-....sc-..oop-----F...-..-..-R.-...-JE~--E-----.I 
ice cream cone from I 
Bud's Ice Cream Parlor I 
and get a 2nd cone Expira2 / 15/ 9Q I 

~--------------------------~ 
FREE ELECTROLYSIS 

(Free cOllsultalion a'ld Irlflfal/realmelll15 mill. 120 valllf!. Firs/-lime clients oll /y)' 

Eyebrows 
Upper Up 

Chin 
Underarms 

Breast 
Stomach 

Brkinl Ure 
Fingers 
legs 
Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American Mt'dkal Association 
approwd mt!lhods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and, cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female stafT. state lic, technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
LaJo/la VtlUJge ProfessiotuU Center Bebilld Elepbol/l Bar 
8950 Vii/a La jolla Dr. Ie. 2 J 21 

'upires 2/12190 



14 The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 29, 1990 

ssociated tudents 
AS PROGRAMMING 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• & ••••• 

·ro FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS· 
• • 
• CAll THE A.S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-8433! • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

A.S. PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE MTG. 
TUES., JAN 30th AT 5:00 PM 
PRICE CENTER CONF. RM. 8 

ATTENTION LOCAL BANDS!!! 
SEND US YOU DEMOS NOW! 

ASUCSD PROGRAMMING AND UE & SA POP EVENTS 
ARE LOOKING FOR A FEW GOOD BANDS ! 

PLEASE MAIL (OR DROP OFF) TO MATI/AS. OFC Q·077 

AS FILM SERIES PRESENTS 

Thurs., Feb. 1st - 6:30 
& 9:30 Big Picture & Big 
Sound W/35mm!!! lix are 
$1 & available @ the Box 
Ofc.& may be purchased 
in advance or @ the door 

r-------------------------, 
TCiIF 

~q"E Up~ 
FEI3. 9th - cym ~TEP~ ,.. <:~s 

co-~pon~O~ED 8Y 

PRESIDENTAL TASK FORCE ON HARASSMEN1 
THIS TASK FORCE SEEKS T O WORK TOWARD 

DISCOURAGING RACIAL AND SEXUAL INSENSITMTY 
AND MAKING RACIAL AND SEXUAL HARASSMENT 
COMPLAINT RESOLUTION MORE ACCESSIBLE FOR 
THE UCSD COMMUNITY; AND TO PROVIDE INFO ON 

THOSE OFFICES AND ORGANIZATIONS AT UCSD 
WInCH SERVE THESE INTERESTS. WE SEEK 

STUDENTS TO WORK WITH THE TASK FORCE. 
CURRENT WORK IS BEGINNING ON SEXUAL 

HARASSMENT ISSUES. 
FOR MORE INFO, CONTACT AUGGIE OROZCO OR RUBEN 

DURAN IN THE A.S. OFFICE - 534-4450 

r-----------------------, 
I ORIENTATION LEADERS FOR REVELLE I 
I Revelle Orientation Leader Applications are due this I 
I Wednesday,at 4:00pm In the Revelle Dean's Office. There I 
I 1s still time to pick up a packet and turn it In by this I 
I date, so if you want to Join our team this year, stop by I 
I the Revelle Dean's Office NOW and pick up your I 
I application packets. I 

~-----------------------~ 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 
SKI CLUB; RISC AlI-CaI slide show is Wednesday, Feb. 7th. TLH 107 @ 8:00pm. Come 
play Broomball. Sat., Feb. 10th. @ UTC from 12:30-2:30 at night! I! 
SOCIETY OF WOMEN ENGINEERS: Join us at the Teradyne Open House, Mon., Jan. 
29th from 5:00 . 7:00 pm in the Price Cenler Cove Room (next to Chung-King Loh). Meet 
company reps & enjoy free food. Everyone welcome! 
WILDERNESS CLUB : Meeting TONIGHT & every Monday - 6pm at the Che Cafe. 
Questions: Victoria 481 -7608, Bonnie 558-8524. 
INTERNATIONAL CLUB On Mon., Jan 29th 6:30 pm - ??, there will be an InternationaJ 
Club Study Break in the InCI CU". Lounge. Food, Music, etc! Everyone's welcome!!! 
LESBIAN AND GAY ORGANIZATION 'vill be holding a social on Tues. Jan. 30,4:00 
- 5:30 in the Revellefonnal Lounge. Also, on that night, we'll be showing the movie "Querelle" 
directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder at 8:00 pm in the PC Theatre. 
INTERNATIONAL POLITICS & ECONOMICS FORUM presents: Dr. Guido Belasso 
on Tues., Jan. 30th at 7:00pm in the PC Santa Cruz Room. He is the Special Advisor to the 
Gov't of Mexico on Drug POlicy and will be speaking on "Drugs and the U.S. - Mexican 
Relationship. " 
FOLK DANCE CLUB Offers an evening ofENGLlSH FOLK DANCING, Fri., Feb. 2nd 
at 7:30 pm in the Rec. Conf. Rm. of the Ree. Gym (next to Main Gym). No experience 
necessary, aJl dances will be taught. No partner necessary. Refreshments will be provided. 
Questions? CaJl Tina or John at 452-2735. 
COLLEGE REPUBLICANS Join us for some light·hearted entertainment, when we show 
BlLL& 1ED'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE on Mon.,Jan. 29th in the PC Theatre at 7:00pm 
& 9:00pm. Tix available at the box ofc. for only $2.00. See you there!! ! 

.--- -- - - - ---- --.. 

-- -/'--HARDCORE FILM PRODUC110NS--" 
// PRESE N1S "\ 
t, BUGS I N OUR HAIR ) 
"'- FR /'J FEB. 2nd /''/ 

- - _ 6:30 & 7:30 PH / / 0 _ ---
---------•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• REVELLE'S BRuLE 011 "(HE BRNlla IS MARCH 2 , 1990!!! • 
: ALL INTERESTED UCSD BANDS MUST PICK UPAN APPUCA110N IN : 
• mE REVELLE PROVOSTS OFC. BY FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2. • 
• • 
• YOU WILL BE COMPETING FOR CASH PRIZES!!! 

• 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

ATTENTION STUDENT ORGS! 
UNIVERSITY CENTER SPACE APPLICATIONS 

ARE AVAILABLE. 
LOOK FOR THEM IN YOUR MAILBOXES 

OR@EDNA 
APPLICATIONS ARE DUE FEB. 9th 

INITIAL DECISIONS POSTED MARCH 2nd 

Monday, January 29, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 15 

BULLETIN 

I' 

CHECI(Our 
THEVINYLBLOWOUT 

- - - --

50 % OFF ALL IMPORT LP'S 
50 O{; OFF 100's of 

DOMESTIC LP'S 
20 % OFF USED LP 'S 

ASSORHD lI lNYL WANTS YOUR USED CD ' S 
BRING rHF"1 1'1 AND llll Il OUY HH"1 FROM YOU 

Assorted Vinyl 
TOPTEN!!! 

1. DEPECHE MODE "PERSONAL JESUS" 
2. B·52'S "COSMIC THING" 
3. KATE BUSH . "SENSUAL WORLD" 
4. MORRISSEY "OUUA BOARD, OUIJA BOARD" 
5. DURAN DURAN "DECADE" 
6. PETER MURPHY "DEEP" 
1. PHIL COLLINS "BUT SERIOUSLY ... " 
8. RUSH "PRESTO" 
9. UB40 "IABOUR OF LOVE /I" 

10.INDIGO GIRLS "STRANGE FIR.~E'_' ___ ' . 
LOC.Hcd ill Price Cc 11 te r 

Hours: 
l\tOIl(l.!y · Friday 11 ·6 

S.ltUrd3Y ll ·ot 

, 

I [ 
, 

r--------------------------, ASUCSDPRQG~GSVRVEY 

I 

MUSIC 
What type of music do you listen to? (Please circle) 

rock reggae jazz dance Top 40 metal 
blues funk gospel folk R&B Punk 
rap ska pop country hip-hop latin 
modem rock rock-a-billy world beat 

OTHER ________________________ ~-----
What type of music would you like to see?(Please circle) 

rock reggae jazz dance top 40 metal 
blues funk gospel folk R&B punk 
rap ska pop country hip-hop latin 
hardcore modem rock rock-a-billy world beat 
OTHER ____________________________ ___ 

Which penonners would you like to see? 1. 
2. 3. ____ -= ____ ~----

Have you attended any ASUCSD Programming Events? (TGIF's. 
pub shows. music festivals. other special events) YES NO 
If so which event(s)? 

COMMEN1S? 

FILMS 
Have you attended any films sponsored by the A.S. FUm Sertes? 

YES NO If so. which one(s)? 

What type of fibn(s) would you like to see? (Please clrcle) 
adventure drama comedy ' horror 
suspense foreign cult fihns shorts 
classiCs mUSicals documentary 

SPECIAL EVENTS 
Would you like to see more lectures? YES NO 

I If so, who? 1. 2. _________ -,-_ 
I Would you like to see other fonns of entertainment? YES NO 
I If so, which type: Comedy Dance Perf. Art 
I OTHER -----------------

I 

I PLEASE RE11JRN COMPLETED SURVEYS TO JO ANN or PATIY IN TIiE 
L AS. OFC. PC 3rd fir. or MAIL IT TO A.S. OFC. g-077 .J 
--------------------------

LIVE! A7 TBE DeSD TRI'ON 

r.cK"~ • OCSD 

INTERESTED IN YOUR STUDENT GOV'T? 
HELP RUN THE A.S. ELECTIONS 

WANTED: 
2STUDENTS-AT-LARGE 

APPLY IN TIlE A.S. OFC .• PC 3n1 F1.OOR W /PATIY 

2 STUDENTS FROM EACH COLLEGE 
APPLY 1HRU YOUR COUECE COUNCn. e1lfE DEANS OFC 

ON BEHALF OF THE ASUCSD 
WE'D LIKE TO THANK 

STEPHANIE DE LA TORRE 
~ DENISE WHISENHUNT 

& SOPHIA KWONG 
FOR THEIR HARD WORK & DEDICATION 

FOR THE SUCCESSFUL UCSA/UCSD 
STUDENT OF COLOR CONFERENCE 

SPRING AND SUMMER INTERNSHIP DEADLINES 
ARE APPROACHING!! 

Be prepared after graduatJonf Get a ....... internship in 
SaD Dleeo to gain practJcal work. ex~ to further en-
hance your career opportuottlts The AaocIatecl Students 
Intem.hlp OfBce (ASIO) offers internships for undergrad-
uates 111 every major. ASIO also offers 11IIDIDer internships 
in Callfomia and on the EMt Cout. Apply today at AS10, 
3rd floor in the Price Center, near the AS offices. or call 534-
4689. DeacUlDe to apply for apriDC lntemshlpa Is PrL. Feb. 
2nd. and IDlDlDer IDte ..... hlpa Is 1'rI.. Feb. 9-

APPLY Now!lI 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

Clru. ified adverti ing i sold in 15-
word Increments. The rate per IS 
words is $1 for students, $3 for faculty 
and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads 
must be mailed with a check (made 
payable to The UCSD Guardian) or 
presented in person. Please have exact 
change. Deadlines are 3 p.m. 
Thursday for Monday's paper and 3 
p.m. Monday for Thursday's paper. 
The Guardian reserves the right to 
refuse any advertising including but 
not limited locompanionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. The 
Guardian, UCSD, B-O 16, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

YOURJEWISHADDRESSATUCSD! 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth, education, prayer, socializing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Students! 
502 Matthews; east of the Price Center. 
CaU Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521. (1/4-31 
12) 
MUIR HA APPS available thru 2/21. 
Referral #11051. Mandatory meeting: 
2/1 or 2/21. Call 534-4200. (1/29-2/15) 

Stan and operate your own profitable 
business at home! No experience, little 
capital required. For free details write 
to: Key Publishing. 2831 Cazadero Drive 
Suite B. Carlsbad. CA 92009. (1/8-11 
29) 
A.S Internship office application 
deadhnes for San Diego program is Feb 
:! and Califomia and Nalional program 
IS Feb. 9. Don 't miss out on an internship! 
Contact ASIO al 534-4689. (1/25-2/1) 
RISC SPRING TRIP: Sun Valiey. on 
ale Feb. 5, S350 box office. ALL-CAL 

Slide Show!! Wed. Feb 7, 8:00p.m., PH 
108. Also. BROOMBALL. Sat. Feb. 
10, 12:30-2:30 at night. Pre-pany? 534· 
4482. (1/29-2/8) 
UCSD SAILING TEAM MEETING 
Wednesday Jan . 3 I , 6 p.m. Rec 
Conference Room. Bring dues. jackets 
ready. (1/29) 

MUIR HA APS: Available with referral 
#11051. Mandatory meeting: 2/1 or 21 
21. Info: Call 534-4200. 0/29-2/15) 

Full Set .................. $17.95 reg. $25 
Fills ........................ $11.95 reg. $'5 
Fiberglass ............. $29.95 reg. $35 
ManlcureJPedlcure$14.95 reg. $18 
Fiberglass fill ........ $14.95 reg. $20 
Silk Wrap ............... $24.95 reg. $30 

~2.00 off any new repai!J 
FirsHime clients only' Expires 214190 

1231 Garnet, Pacific Beach 
274-a205 

(be1ween Fanuel & Everts) 
WaJI\'lns welCome' Mon.·Sat 9 a.m·7 p.m 

.~opler. 
.Laser-Printer. 
cartridge Recharging 

TONERS: SS/bOllie 
(IlI.ck/'.olor loner:; In Bulk) 
-Video ('~SSClles 579 - S'}9 

II" .. 10 Ruharge. Seal. Hc.) 
('0 1'11 RS 
' CanonPC ~>~lrp".50/7Q. XcrC)xIU12 .. _ 

IA~I R PRl"'ll'RS 
'IIP Apple. (anon, Rlcoh. Ill\.! [·te. 

TURK Toner Products 
(619) 744-5664 

The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Sahaja Yoga Medilation. On campus. 
comejoin us for the uniqueexperienceof 
Kundalini awakening. which is your 
binhrighl. Always free. See weekly 
calendar for details or call eves. 271-
4983. (1129) 

Don't miss CoffeeHouse 5 and Talent 
Nite on Sat .. Feb 3 from 5-8 p.m. in the 
Int 'l Center. Free coffee and dessens, 
plus lots of entertainment and laughs!( II 
29-2/1) 

PERSIAN CLUB is having a meeting 
on Tuesday. Jan. 30th at 6:00 p.m. at 
Price Center, Irvine Room. All Iranians 
on campus are welcomed and encouraged 
to attend. (1/29) 

SEI{\,I('ES 
RESUMES. TERM PAPERS. 
REPORTS You ARE a professional. Let 
us present your work to reflect your 
professional image. Any repon can be 
produced. Reasonable rates. Call 
Komputer An Technology. 695-8597. 
(11/30-2/1) 

Olga Bari Elecrrologis(' 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-
1962. (1/4-3/12) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near St. Gerrnains. 
452·9949. (10/9-3/12) 
TYPING!! I'll type your term papers 
etc. quickly and inexpensively. Laser 
pnnter. Can Jennifer: 558-6090. (1/8-2/ 
8) 
Typing/Word Processing: Academic 
manuscripts. theses, books. lellers, 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (1/16-2/15) 
Vicki 's Word Processing Service. 
Resumes, theses, manuscripts, maIling. 
Accuracy and Professionalism 
guaranteed. Vicki Rushmg 575-1022. 
( 1/16-2/15) 

Tutoring: writing skiiis, research 
methods; also. word processing. Call 
Judith: 551-2632. (1/16-2/1) 

TYPING/WORD PROCESSING. One 
Day Service. Free Editing. $1.75 per 
page. Call Ann 229-9119. (1/22-3/12) 

Malh tutoring. On campus. All college 
levels. GRE, SAT. Guarameed. 1st 
meeting free. Lea ve message. 492-8071 . 
(1/25-2/8) 

WORD PROCESSING - Student 
papers , resumes . Laser printing. 
spellcheck. $2.20/OS page. Experienced. 
Reliable. Input/Output. 535-3010. (II 
25-2/15) 

California cenified, non·sexual, deeply 
wonderful MASSAGE I Dissolve your 

Professionallhrealrical and commercial 
headshots in studio. 72 shots for $60. 
Guaranteed! Also. ponfolios. composites 
and on location sports and modeling 
photography. UCSD students only, call 
587 -4874. "Hot Shots" studio on Gilman 
Dr. (1/29-2/27) 

" \\TED 
Eam 575.00. Subjects wanted fora study 
on the effecls of alcohol. If you are a 
UCSD student or non-academic staff. 
American born male of entirel y Japanese. 
Chinese. or Korean descent. call Scripps 
Clinic and Research Foundation for more 
information. 554-2192. (1/4-3/12) 
Housecleaners: 58 perhr. part-time, very 
flexible hours. pleasant working 
environment. Must be reliable, 
professional, have reliable car. Call be-
tween 8-5pm M-F. 259-8731. (1/8-2/1) 

WANTED: 80 people to LOSE up to 25 
Ibs. in 30 days while earning! Anne 279-
4265. (1/11-1/28) 

Research: Healthy women 18-30, with 
Long, Irre&ular menSirual cycles. No 
medical illness, anemia. Daily blood 
drawing x I cycle. sleeping with night 
light 5x. Payment 55.00lblood. Message 
552-8585 ext. 3219. (l/l6-2/8) 

Looking for a fraternity, sorority or 
student organizallon that would like to 
make $500 - 51000 for a one week on-
campus marketing project. Must be 
organized and hardworking. CaU Becky 
or Myra at (800) 592-2121. (1/18- 1/29) 

WENDY'S PRICE CENTER: Looking 
for a job with flexible hours around 
classes? Call 450-9425 - ask for 
Kymberleigh or Warren . 55.00/hr 
staning. free meals, work 10-40 hours 
per week. YOUR CHOICE! (1/22-1/29) 

The ulumale campus job, UCSD Annual 
Fund, $7 Ihr,flexibleevening hours. great 
experience. Call 587-1585. (1/22-2/1) 

Make $12 per hour. Part-full time. 
Assembly work in your hamel Call221-
7805,24 hr. (1/25-1/29) 

Drummer available - grad student seeks 
talented musicianslband. All styles. Great 
equipment. Jon 552-8572. (1/25-1/29) 

TUTOR for 3rd/4th grade after school. 
light housework, 2:30-5:00, $6.00/hr. 
CaU 481-96I2/evening. (1/25-1/29) 

Computer tutor wanted to bring local 
business man up to speed. 
Knowledgeable in Word Perfect & Lotus. 
Part time, fexible hours, $10 per hour. 
Contact Don Cole at 452-8300. (1/25-11 
29) 

ReveUe Resident Advisor Applications 
available starting 1/26/90. Pick up 
referral at Student Employment. Info??? 
534-3025. tl/25-2/1) 

stress, get healthier and reach your peak! MEN - Playgirlis looking for new lalent. 
Men, women. sludent rates, La Jolla Win S5000plusmodelingconrraclS. Send 

Tutor for Math IB neeeded. $ 12/hr. one 
hour a week. Experience required. Soo 
453-6926. (1/25-2/8) 

Being-fi t is hiring experienced aerobic 
instructors for new fitness center 3 miles 
from campus. All hours available. CaU 
for interview. 483-9294. (1/25-2/1) 

Eam $6.25 per hour. United Campus 
Ministry is taking applications for a 
Student Intem position. Responsibility -
program planning. Interested: call 534-
2521 or stop in the Campus Ministry 
Office, 502 MAAC. (1/29-2/1) 

Funk band w/gigs seeks drummer and 
lead guitarist. Influences: JB, Chillis. 
Stones. Jon 273-2145. (1/29-2/1) 

Roommate wanted. Own room in 4-
bedroom house. 5270/month + 1/4 
utilities. University City. Female 
preferred. 450-0806. (1/29) 

Frenchman for tutoring and translation. 
Anyone out there who's been in the 
French University system? Translation 
of psychology, philosophy, political 
analyses (both English to French and vice 
versa) Sue Toledo. 270-9624.(1/29-2/1) 

Male actor (16-20) and male actor (25-
40) for 16mm film. Call Audra 270-
5660. (I/29-2f1) 

FOR SALE 
Karman Ghiaconvenible '70. 7000m on 
new eng. 15,000 left on warranty. New 
transmission. Needs some body louch 
up. Good stereo, bra, cover incl. Leaving 
California. $3000. 488-7832. Byeggi. 
(1/22-1/29) 

1987 Toyota Celica st. with white 
exterior. Excellent condition. Moving, 
must sell. 454-3434. (1/22-1/29) 

Futon, beautiful color. special frame, 
unused. $95, can deliver. Also queen 
bed never used. 284-6222. (1/25-2/26) 

Mac-SE. In excellent condition. Need 
quick sale. For more information call 
458-5977. (1/25-1/29) 

FREE dwarf rabbit Wilh food. Call or 
leave a message at 558-1323. (1125-11 
29) 

IBM compatible Turbo XT, 640K RAM, 
2 360K drives. Color Monitor. $395. 
Call Rob: 697-9192. (1/29-2/8) 

1980 Honda Accord, 2dr. 5 sp .• stereo. 
slight body damage, 140K, service 
records, $900. Victor 534-3129. (1/29) 

Toshiba microwave 550.00. sam II 
refrigerator 550.00, Telephone 510.00. 
G&S skateboard $30.00. 268-4061. (II 
29-2f1) 

Speakers: JBL4312A Studio Monitors. 
3-way. walnut cabinets. excellent sound, 
originally $1150/pr. sacrifice $685/pr., 
o.b.o. 455-7342. (1/29-2/1) 

location. Jot down this number: Andrew photo with personal data to Box 25120. Surfboards! Brand new tri-fins. 6'8, 6'10. 
Moore, 551-0235. (1/25-2/5) Loas Angeles, CA 90025. (1/25-1/29) 7'. $250.00. Don 431-1776. (1/29) ~================~~== 

I 

Monday, January 29, 1990 

Mac SE 2 floppies and fastest 40 meg 
HD w/software. [magewriter II also 
available. $2400. Seth 558·0641, or Josh 
(213) 539-7668. (1/29-2/1) 

Floppy Disks! Quality 5.25" DSDD with 
sleeves. On-campus. 20 for 55. Call 
Steve: 546-8042. (1/29-2/1) 

Futon and Frame $1 05. Can deliver268-
0814. (1/29-2/1) 

Kickstan your heart! 3 Motley Crue 
concert tickets at LA's Great Westem 
Forum. Feb. 13,8:00 p.m. Good view of 
stage, second terrace. $22 a piece. For 
info call Heide 558-8783. (1/29-2/1) 
Amiga 1000, 512K, 2 drives, RGB 
monitor. Citizen Printer. some software. 
$895. Mark 587-8946. (1/29-2/8) 
Bike for sale. Peugeot Cruiser. Excellent 
condilion, hardly ever used. 5140 o.b.o. 
450-0806. (1/29) 
1961 Falcon Wagon. Reliable 
transponation. new ballery and muffier. 
good mileage; soul real! 5500. Doug 
223-9444. (1/29) 
Surfboard 7'0". Topper Big Wave Gun. 
Great wave catcher; 185 ft . 458-0966. 
Matt. (1/29) 

Ford Maverick ' 73. Good condition. 
Makean offer! Call Agnes 457-7969. (II 
29-2/8) 

HOliSIN(; 
Studio, new home, Bay Park. Fridge. no 
kitchen, security, laundry. Available 
immedialely. $395 + util. 483-5422. (If 
16-1/29) 
Three bedroom house for rent. 900 + II 
3 utilities. Near campus. Leave message 
at 272-7382. (1/22-2/5) 
Easy-going female, non-smoker wanted 
to share apanmenl. Own maslerbedroom 
with adjoining bath. 5 minutes from 
campus. Available now. Call Kristie at 
552-8630. (1/25-1/29) 

Grad roommate wanted for beautiful 
Pacific Beach house. 4 bedrooms, 2 bath, 
garden, all amenities. 5360/month, 1/4 
utilities, I month deposit. Kim, Jim, or 
Kevin. 488-9905. (1/25-1/29) 

Room for RENT in Del Mar. Two blocks 
from beach, one block from Dini 's. Yard. 
garage. fireplace, spacious, on bus line. 
Non-smoker, M/F. Available 2-1 . 53501 
mo+ 1/4 utilities. 792-9913. (1/25-1/29) 

I bedroom, $325. 1/3 utilities, in 
Playmour (UTC), unfurnished. 5 min. 
from UCSD, pool, leave message (452-
2728) Kathy o. Gail. Move in 
immediately. (1/29) 

Own room and bath,fully furnished town 
house, garage. pool, jacuzzi. washer, 
dryer, close to UCSD, 5350/month 452-
0753. (1/29-2/1) 

Room inDeI mar for rent. 2 minutes from 
beach. Own room, fireplace, kitchen, 
private pool. and jacuzzi. microwave. 
VCR, laundry. Available 2/25. 53651 
mo. 755-6492. (1/29-2/8) 

6 Minute Prints! 
MUIR COLLEGE 
HOUSE ADVISOR POSITIONS 
1990·91 
.... Applications available at the Muir Res. Life Office 

through Wed., Feb. 21 with Job referral #11 051 
from Student Employment. 
Mandatory Candidates Meeting February 1 or February 21. 
Application deadline is 4 p.m., Thurs., February 22. 
Call 534-4200 for additional information. 

See FUJI's new AP5000 Color Copier 
(!be only machine In Sail Diego COUNty) 

• Prints from color prints 
• Prints from B&W prints 
• Enlargements from slides 

7523 Fay Ave. 
Vons Shopping Center 
459-0696 
Open 6 dayS' a week - gone fIShing on 
Sundaysl 
We aocept UCSD purchase orders 

Monday, January 29,1990 

Ilramural Xtras ... 
Men's Lacrosse 

The Tritons (3-0) traveled north 
and beat UC Santa Barbara, the 
second ranked team in the West, 
12-8 . UCSD shut down the 
Gauchos ' high power offense, 
while its own was led by Juan Mil-
Ian and Chris Hodge, who tallied 
three goals each. 

Classifieds 
Del Mar Apanment, 2 bedroom, I bath. 
S825/month. Once block to beach. Lease 
umil July 15. Call 697-8660. (1/29-2/1) 

LOST ,\\1) FOr\') 
REWARD! For lost womens Sciko 
watch. Call Michelle 458-5924. (1/25-1/ 
29) 

FOUND Envelope addressed to Paul. 
Blake Hall. Call Loma 534-3025, 10 
describe and claim content. (1/25-1/29) 

PERS():\ AI.S 
I am a student without a car. Anyone 
interested in teaching me to drive at your 
convenience please call 727-4176 after 
7 p.m . (1/25-1/29) 

Jostens Rep at Bookstore 10:00 - 3:00. 
February 5.6.7. Your college ring on 
sale. (1/25-2/1) 

SleveJobs Fan Club: If you are interested 
in joining fellow students in writing a 
business plan for a high-tech business. 
call Dale. 452-2222. It could be fun . ( II 
25·1/29) 

MuirCommuterBreakfastsare Mondays 
8-10 a.m. in Cloud's Rest. JUSl 50 cents! 
( 1/29-2/15) 

Participate in the Muir Commuter 
Council! Meetings: Mondays 3:30-
4:30p.m. Provost's Conference Room 
H&SS 2148. (1/29-2/15) 

Congrats to newly installed officers. We 
know you'll do a great job. Love. Sigma 
Kappa. ( I (29) 

JASON KECK - Happy 20th binhday! 
For all the nights I treaked, New Year's 
Eve, run in the rain, burnt cookies. AOPi 
Semiformal. elevator w/K.K .. A.Woo 
categories. 151 prf. nights, TJ .• and 
eunuch of the week, Thank you! Love 
M.T.S.S. (1/29) 

Sammies, the pre-game exchange was a 
blast. Thanks for the greallime! PiPhi's. 
( 1/29) 

Congrats to PiPhi New Exec! And thanks 
10 the old! Great JOO!(1/29) 

Sigma Chi - thanks for a "rockin" time 
Friday night! Can't wait for Derby Days! 
- KKG. (1/29) 

To Ihe "TGC" - I feel like a Blue Nun! 
Love you guys! - J. (1/29) 

CABO SAN LUCAS SPRING BREAK-
April 10·14. 5364 double occupancy. 
includes hotel, air. etc. PROFESSIONAL 
TRAVEL 481 -1264 (1/29-2/26) 

Sue & Liz - I really think it's about lime 
to escape the dark and the drip! (1/29) 

HAPPY 2151 BIRTHDAY TRACY!!! 
Hope you have fun celebrating! (1/29) 

WRITE FOR THE 
GUARDIAN! 

Meet people and learn valuable 
skills. All you have to do i drop 
by HSS 2150 to join in the fun. 

TONIGHT AT 7 p.m. 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 17 

UCSD Xtramural Club Sports ... Low.st Prices In San Diego 
Wlal W!Q ~ ~ 
Lacrosse (M) U. of San Diego (Muir) Wed, 7:00 p.m. 
Lacrosse (W) Whittier (Prya l.el) Saturday 1:00 p.m. 
Rugby U. orSan Diego (Warren) aturday l:OO p.m. 

IIOME EVENTS IN BOLD 

Discount Beauty Supplies 
Women's Lacrosse 

gotbrokenin2l-5byUCSB. Carla 
Rodilosso led the Tritons with three 
goals, and goalie Kari Katzman 
recorded 25 saves. 

In the first game ever for most 
members of the team. UCSD (0-1) 

• NO SALES TAXI on 
• PAUL MITCHELL products only 

M IR SENIORS 
The Muir College Graduation Committee 

invites graduating Seniors to audition to be 
Senior Commencement Speaker. Auditions 

will be Friday afternoon, February 9th . 

For further information, or to sign up for your 
five-minute audition, contact Kim in the Dean's 

Office (H&SS 2126; phone 534-3587). 

• 15% OFF on all top major brands 
(excluding Paul Mitchell products) 

TO ALL UCSD STUDENTS 
with valid 1.0. and coupon through 1991. 

TIRED OF BAD HAIRCUTS AND PAVING S30 & UP? 
For the besl precIsIon balanced halrcul 

of your hIe· We do It your way' 

$15 00 CUT, SHAMPOO, BLOWDRYI -- 7512 La Jolla Blvd. 
(corner of Pearl in La Jolla) 

M-Thur.. 1N 
F~ . .s.t. 10-5 
A1t Ev.lII .... by ""polntment 

Perms $35 & up 

551·0611 

Baxter Healthcare Corporation, Medical Specialty Devices Group, 
is a vital part of the nation's largest supplier of quality medical products 

and devices for hospital and surgical use. 
We are interested in talking with Graduating Engineering Students 

in the areas of Mechanical and BioMedical Engineering. 
Come and meet the Representatives at our Information Session. Students are strongly 

encouraged to attend our Information Session prior to on-campus interviews. 
We'll be on campus: 

Tuesday, January 30, 1990 
5:00PM-6:00PM 

Gallery B at the Price Center 
Refreshments will be served 

On-campus interviews will be held : 
Wednesday, January 31 and Thursday, February 1 8:30am-4:30pm 

Highlight a great future for yourself at Baxter Healthcare Corporation, 
Medical Specialty Devices Group. 

If you are unable to attend, please send your resume to: 
Ellen Wattiez, Professional Staffing, 

Baxter Healthcare Corporation, Medical Specialty Devices Group, 
17121 Red Hill Avenue, Irvine, CA 92714. 

We are an equal opportunity employer mlflh. 

Medical Specialty Devices Group 

Baxter 



... 

18 SPORTS 

Congratulations to Delta Gamma's New Initiates 
• Michaela Baker • Felicia Caiazzo • Brynn Fraser 

• Cheryl Haw· Julie Karsh • Kerry Kostman 
• Regina Lake • Heidi Lund • Brittney Martin 

• Ann Mendez • Maggie Murphy • Maria Prado 
• Joyce Smith • Bethany Stokes • Krista Wilhelm 

• Cindy Wilson • Angie Yoon • Beth Creager 
• Gretchen Bruggeman • Lisa Huntsburger 

• Arax Harurunian • Katherine Klumb • Tracy Liu 
• Susie Loyd • Lia Markakis • Tara Marvin 
• Autumn Mosteller • Catherine Moutford 

• Candice Scott • Lani Sterman • Jo Jo Suggs 
• Ashlee Tanimoto • Jennifer Wechsler • Tiffani Zack 

Friendships that last Forever! 

WANTED 
Muir College 

Freshmen and Transfer 
ORIENTATION 

LEADERS 
Obtain a job referral form at Part-time Employment 
and bring it to the Muir Provost Office 2126 H&SS. 

Deadline for Applications: Friday, February 2 

This is your opportunity to enjoy a fun and rewarding job! 

The UCSD Guardian 

W.HOOP 
Continued from page 20 

The game's key match-up was 
inside between the two centers. 
Although Triton center Cari 
Young 's 19 points was well above 
her team leading average, she had 
trollble containing her more expe-
rienced counterpart , Amy Walter, 
who set up camp inside and poured 
in 22 points in the contest. 

Without an advantage inside the 
key, the Tritons applied a full court 
press in the hopes of creating some 
easy breakaway haskets. But in-
stead of finding the lead, UCSD 
found two of its starters, Nancy 
Caparaz and Bernadette Diepen-
brock, each with two quick fouls. 
All ofthis culminated into a41-30 
Cougar lead at the half. 

Relying on substitutions at the 
wing positions for much of the 
game, UCSD still managed to 
mount numerous threats to Azusa's 
lead. But , it seemed that every time 
the Tritons got within five, a trav-
eling or three-second violation 
halted the rally. 

The Cougars appeared to have 
control , but they suddenly went 

Monday, January 29, 1990 

cold at the free-throw line, con-
verting only four of 10 attempts in 
the second half. 

three with a few seconds left on the 
c lock, the Tritons had one last 
chance to tie the game with a three-
pointer. But, with their only three-
point shooter out wi th a broken 
arm, UCSD could not convert. 

In the last 30 econds, UCSD 
(9-7) had four shots but failed to 
sink any of them. Still trailing by 

Women's Hoop Friday 
Azusa Pacinc 7S UCSD 72 

Men's Hoop Saturday 
UCSD 104 CSU San Bernard ino 92 
A1.~ a Patific 

I'<rdomo 
Aroo"", 
Waller 
Ingcr<OlI 
Pollard 
Stej;m llter 
Pint 
Rienstra 
Crouch 
Youn, 
TOTALS 

UC D 

Caparu 
Ely 
Diepcnbro.::k 
Murillo 
Soon 
Cartwrighl 
Young 
McNeill 
Beaver 
DiGullio 
TOTALS 

CS San Bernardino 
Min fG· A fT· A R A Pf T Min f(;·A IT. R A PF T 

A 1· 1 0-0 0 0 3 2 RoO'e 
NA 1()..18 (),O 4 I 2 20 Webb 22 S- 12 1·2 4 4 U :\0 9-14 ().O I .I 23 
NA g· ,S 6-1 16 0 ] 21 lku1Ca 

Ligon 
IlIck.ey 
Falvey 
Mehon 
Winick 
TOTALS 

30 S·II ().O 4 4 I II 
NA 1·9 4 . .\ S .\ 2 6 30 5· 16 ()..II 10 2 4 10 
NA 5·8 ().O 4 0 2 10 22 5·9 1· 1 9 I I II 
N/\ 2·' H • 1 2 8 28 1·8 1·2 3 2 3 3 
NA 2·6 ().O I I 3 4 29 6-IS .. 6 7 J .I 16 
NA I-I 1·2 2 I 2 3 9 1·3 1-1 2 0 0 3 

49' 17 23 92 NA 0·1 0-0 0 0 0 0 
NA(),()()'o1210 200 37·88 8·12 
200 30-66 1.1-22 31 11 20 1.1 UC D 

Min FG-A IT-A It A t'F T 

Min FG·A .,.." R 
J.<kson 36 0·2 9·9 4 .I I 9 

A I'FTFcnncr IO-O()..OOO 0 
3 .I 4 R.pp 3.1 9-20 11 · 11 4 3 30 
I 2 14 Shawc:rofa 27 1.3 1· 1 .I I 3 
I 5 9 Selleck 10 3-4 2-2 0 0 9 
002Lind~y ~O.O()'OO()I U 
o 6 McNeill 3.1 7. 1.1 8.9 4 , 2 22 
o .I Moore 253.60-04 2 46 
o 4 19 Ball 32 12- 17 1-3 12 I 3 23 

NA 2·2 ()'2 I 
NA 6-16 2·2 .I 
NA 2·7 5·6 6 

A 1·3 ().O 0 
NA 2·6 2·2 5 
NA 2· 5 1·2 II 
NA 8· 10 3·4 9 

o 0 0 TOTALS ZOO 3S-67 3Z·3S 4Z' 11 14 104 I 
II 2 6 ___ --------:-:-::--:-::-:-
4 4 7 UCSD <U 60 _ IIW 
9 24 72 C SanBtmardino 40 52 - 91 

NA (),O ().O 0 
NA 3·6 0.0 3 
NA 2·6 3-4 3 
l~ 28·61 16-22 32 

---------------------UCSD 
Alusa Padrtc 

30 42 n 
. , ].I - 7S 

Tum f(; ~ - Azusa 45.'%. UCSD 4'.9 % 
8tocktd Shols - A1U;\3 I (Waller); UCSD 0 
Sleals- Az.usa 1 (Walter 3, Crouch 2); UCSD 
8 (CaP""" 3. Dicpcnbrock 2) 

TeOim "~G '9i! - CSUSB 42%: UCSO 52% 
Th ..... poIn' .... -CSUSB 1()'24 (Webb 5. Rowe • • 
Iklli, •. ). UCSD 2·g (Rupp. SeUeck) 
B'ock ... Shoo - CSUSB 4 (Mel"", 2); UCSD U 
'Ieals - CSUSB 6 (Mehon 2. Ligon 2): UeSD 13 

CShawl:rofi 3. Rapp 3, Sc.:lleck 3. 811113. Jxk.$On 21 
• - tndudc5 K:lInI n:bounW; 

Mid-Week Intercollegiate Sports Attractions ... 
lY.I1il1 ~ .Ilu Iim.t 
Basketball (M) at Point Loma Nazarene Thursday 7:45 p.m. 
Tennis (W) at U. of San Diego Tuesday 2:00 p.m. 
Volleybal l (M) at Loyola Marymount Tuesday 7:30 p.m. 

ROBERT'S 
• ~ SAAB Be a Dealer •. .••.•••••••• for Casino Night 1990 German • Swedish. Japanese Service 

All Work Fully Guaranteed· FO£tory-Trained Specialists 

SpecI .. Iz ...... : 
• MAJOR SERVICES • FUEL EJECTION 
• TUNE-UPS • ELECTRICAL 
• BRAKES • EXTENDED WARRANTIES 
• TRANSMISSION • ENGINE REBUILDING 

e 
KMldaII 
MOaOl. 

Wf' "_and ref!OlI'IIMM 
JUndoUe lubrico.nl. 

Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm • Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 
(619)275-1132 v~~ 4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego lID 

-------------------------10% OFF on all repairs* with this coupon 
"E:rcept motor and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

Registered Students and Post Doc's 
\"'--DE-A-DL ...... 'NE: "Cover your Bod" with 

FE8RCJ~Il~ 2 Sickness and 
Accident Insurance 

Student Premium - $109.50 
Spouse - $179.50 
Children - $121 .50 
~-------------perquo~.r 

ENROLLING NOW 
Information and applicarions are available ar 

5tudent Health Center. Q.039 • 534·3300 

Black Jack .:. Poker .:. Roulette 
Baccarat .:. Wheel of Fortune 

Chuck--O--Luck .:. Craps 
Casino Night '90 is coming to UCSD Saturday, February 
24. Anyone interested in being a dealer at the biggest 
campus event of the year is invited to attend one of the 
following training meetings: 

January Meetings 
, Tuesday, January 30 
Wednesday, January 31 

February Meetings 

poker, Craps 
Block Jack, Chuck-o-l.uck 

Tuesday, February 6 Poker, BlackJack 
Wednesday February 7 Roulette, Wheel of Fortune 
Wednesday, February 14 Poker, Chuck-0-l.uck 
Thursday ,FebNOry 15 Block Jock, 80ccarat 
Wednesday, February 21 Block Jock, Craps 
Thursday, FebNOry 22 Block .Jack, Poker 

4-Spm 
4-Spm 

4-Spm 
4-Spm 
4-Spm 
4-Spm 
4-Spm 
4-Spm 

All meetings will be held in !he North Conference Room at !he old sluc:la,t 
center. Sig'l up for the meeting you can attand at Canyonview, Campus 
Recreation Administrative offices, next 10 Canyonviaw pool, 534-4037. 
Call EDNA 10 verify location of meeting room. 

For more information call: 
Dana Simone at UCSD Campus Recreation, 534~4037 

" g:'pu1 AIctIItIon 

Monday, January 29,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Tritons Competitive in New "University Division" 

Rugby Edged by UCSB, 15-12 
By TOM RIZZUTI 
Swj/ Writer 

It's a new decade and a new 
stan for the UCSD men' s rugby 
team. 

This year the team made the 
jump from the college diviSion to 
the ufllversity division, meaning 
bigger and tougher competition. 

aturday at Warren West , the 
Tntons proved that, 'Iey're not 
going to be walkovers in the "big 
leagues", dropping a close match 
to UC Santa Barbara, 15-12. 

UCS D is now 0-2 in the new 
league, but Truon Head Coach Tom 
Butler cited two reasons why his 
team took the plunge into the new 
diviSion. 

"I felt the rugby program here 
was operallng at only a 60 70 per-
cent capaCi ty, and we do not find 
the college division challenging 
anymore." Butler sa id. 

The Tritons will certainly be 
challenged now. They must face 
the ltkes ofUCLA, San Diego State, 
and University of San Diego on 
this year's schedule. 

"It's a much fiercer game at this 
level," Butlersaid. "God-gi ven tal -
ent is not enough now. You need 
the mentality to go with it." 

UCSD showed that it would not 
be intimidated by largeropponents, 

staying with the Gauchos through tons tallicdon another penalty kick 
out the game. UCSB got off to a and a dropkick. 
quick start, taking a 9-0 lead on a UCSD also missed a couple of 
six-pOint try , and a three-point opportufllties late in the game, al-
penalty kick. lowing the Gauchos to escape With 

The Triton ... then put some pres- the three-point margin they held at 
sure on, convening two penalty halftime. 
kicks of their own to close the gap Butler was happy with the 
to 9-6 at halftime. team's performance, espectally in 

UCSD ~eemed to dominate the the second half. "Unfonunatel)," 
second half, even though both he said, "Ihis is an eighty-minute 
teams scored SIX points. The Tn- game." 

~----~~~~~------

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Jason Morrison (I) and the rest of the Tritons couldn't quite elude 
UC Santa Barbara Saturday, as UCSD suffered its second loss. 

UCSD Tijuana Cultural Connection 
Conexi6n Cultural TijuanajUCSD 

, ' 

presents 

Tijuana Day 
Wednesday, January 31 

11 a.m. to 2 p.m. 
Price Center Plaza 

(FREE for everyone!) 

Featuring over 25 tables and booths from 
.UCSD, San Diego and Tijuana organizations 

• Ballet Folklorico de la Casa de la C .Jltura 

SPORTS 19 

SaO: Carlo~ Portero. Mtorgle Pin., Jo n Cohen. ~II Herr.a,. Keith Schnennger F(()tIt GfortO Fi5k 
Karin Horrold Cathy Tonling. Erica I-iorrold. DaVid lindstrom Not shown ./ ke "lien. ......,.,.Id 
GoI" W,idhorne. ICo'''' E • ...,slot Pou .ockey Remy Mort'n. Diego of 11<. Fly"'9 Abioto &rcs 
NOT THE BALLET - Women's Soccer 

They're Not tile Ballet, but they did a Mexican Hat Dance all 
over their opponent~ last Sunday, beating Leflot'ers '5-0 in the 
Kingsbury League season opener. 

Erica Harrold, Ballet forward, broke open a scorele,> game 
when she walked in on a breakaway with just under a minute 
left 111 the first half. It wa~ abo Harrold who put the game out 
of reach late in thl'second half by alertly followmg up on a 
rebound. In between the two Harrold goals, Eric Schneringer 
netted to give Ballet a cushy 3-0 lead. 

Trying to accumulate the largest roster in UCSD hi,tory, the 
fifteen tedm member- present were quite pleased with the 
victorv Asked about their feelings on the game, Billlet re-
sponded "Well, don't we get T-shirts or something?" 

To Leftovers, who did not win Zip's Game of lire Week, you'll 
be receiving the home version of UCSD Intramural Soccer, as 
all our runner-ups do. Better luck next week. 

In the mean time" ot t!,e Ballet - this . . , club's for you. 

E 
Help Wanted, and many other kinds of messages can be sent through The 
Guardian. Fill out a classified ad fonn at our office, upstairs in the old Student 
Center ... or, mail to B-016, La Jolla , CA 92093. Any questions? Ca11534-5416. 

• Marco Antonio Labastida (opera) A 4·DAY INDIVIDUAL & TEAM COMP 

, 

• Linda Bahia (Musica Moderna) 
• Ballet de la Frontera Norte 
• "Maximizing your Tijuana E perlence" 

Noon in Gallery A 
• "Me ico: Education I and E penmental 

Opportunities" 1 p.m. Santa Cruz Room 

, -' -- -- - -

I 
I 

t 
, 

, 

, 

• 

60 Yard Dash. Welghtlift 09 • Field Goal Kic ing 
Softball Throw. Bowling 50 Yard Freestylt 

Volleybafl Doubles. Softball Hitting 
Tennis Doubles. High Jump. MJle Run 

Sign-ups and more information at Canyonview 44037 

R creation 



20 PORT 

Tritons Capture Fifth Straight Win 

en' Ho 
Pa t an 

OLD 

Ma) be the fourth time is th 
I.hann. 

l C D 1 'II' • . kcthalltt'.nn 
\\ellt into ').Iturdu~ night' ~ game at 

un Bern.lrlilnO hoping to break .1 
"tnng ofthre-e . tmight 10 se~ at the 
Coyotes ' home arena. The Tritons 
cured then three-)ear Itch v.lIh a 
I Q.+-92 \ IctOry. 

The Tritons (15-4) used an up-
tempo game and balanced conng 
in the victory. Tim Rapp led the 
Triton hargewith30p inr5t, while 
Rick Batt and Gordon Mc eill 
chipped in with 25 and 22 point ' . 
re pectively . 

UCSD Head Coach Tom 
Mar hall and the Triton knew it 
would be no ea~)' task to defeat 
CSUSB at home. even though the 
Coyote::.' 7-1 I record may have 
sugge ted othen'Vlse. 

.. It wa. homecommg for them, 
[CSUSBj and the place wa 
pa ked. The. were really up to 
play u::.," \tar hall said. 

11 the early gOlllg. the Coyote 
pruved hard to shake .1" the first 
halfsav" the lead see-saw ba k and 
forth between he two team. 

The stanza ended with UC D 
holding a ~Iight 4+40 advantage 
on the strength of backup pomt 
guard Pete dleck's buzzer-beat-
ing three-pOint shot. 

The Tritons began to as ert 
themselve in the second period. 
They slowly etended their lead 
over San Bernardino stretching 
their ad\ Jntagt: to double-dlgll~ 
with 10 minute" remaining. 

• p rUls 
ern rdino 

t \;ne point. SL SB \;ut thl.: 
friton kad to si . but \\ a~ un~lhle 

11) cil',er. a LC D ore-
. 12. 

hall thoul!ht t\\ 0 of the ke\. 
to tht Tri h n .• \ 1~lOr) were e:\cep-
Ilonal fre~thro\\'hooting and ~ood 
bench plm 

U 0 \a~ nearly perfect from 
the charit) strip . convel1ing 91 C?f 
(32 of 35) of their freethrow at-
tempt::.. Rapp canned all eleven of 
hiS freethrow , and point guard 
Darvin Jack on nailed 9-9 fo ul 
·hots. 

"We really hot well from the 
hne. and we needed that on the 
road." Mar hall said. "We were a ll 
really focused when we went to the 
line." 

Mar hall was al 0 extremely 
plea ed with the play of non- ' tart-
er clle k and Chris Moore. 

"Both of them really gave u a 
boost off the bench when we needed 
it. Moore picked up the lack when 
Tim [Rappj needed a rest." 
Mar hall added. 

The Tritons were al 0 hot from 
the tloor. scor hmg the net· by 
makll1g 52£( of thClt' field goal at-

tempt~. 
The Coyotes weren't so lucky. 

as they could only manage 42% of 
their field goal attempts. and hot a 
lukewarm 67CJc from the line. 

Marshall ::.tressed that UCSD's 
fine shooting thiS year has of en 
beenaresultoftheoppo ingteam's 
defensive set. 

"Our zone offen e i good, bUl 
if the other team play u. man-to-
man, we' re virtually unstoppable 
[on otfen ... el." Marshall said. 

rhe D u3t'dian 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Starting point guard Darvin Jackson, shown in action earlier this 
season, shot a perfect 9-9 from the charity stripe vs. CSUSB. 

Monday, January 29, 1990 

Women' Hoop 
omeback ffort 

Falls hort in 75-
72 Lo sat 

.\rajj nnra 
As IfFriday\ 75-72 loss to the 

Azusa Pacific ougar::. isn't 
enough. the UC D women's bas-
ketball team must ent!Ule the loss 
of It's number two scort:r for the 
rest of the sea on 

On the Mond ay before the 
Azu::.a game, sophomore guard 
Kathleen Alvarez s uffered a bro-
ken arm which will most likely 
keep her idelined for the rest of 
the season. 

Alvarez wa averaging 11 . 1 
points per game, and represented 
the Tritons ' only real threat from 
three-point territory. A it turned 
out, the Tritons could have really 
used Alvarez's distance shooting 
on their trip to Azusa. 

From the opening tip-off, the 
Cougars obliged UCSD's u ual 
desire for an inten ely physical 
game. Despite this, however, the 
Tritons repeatedly found them-
elves on the wrong end of a 12 

point deficit. 
ee W. HOOP, page 18 

Marshall was enthu iastic about 
the team' progres, and feel its 
recent uccess hould catapult the 
Tnton even higher than their cur-
rent number 19 ranking in the-
Division III national poll. 

Women's Fencing Sweeps UCSB 
and Pomona; Men's Team Splits 

Marshall aid that "we could 
move up a high as number 13 thi 
week. Our goal is to be in the top 10 
by the end of the year." 

The next challenge for the Tri-
ton is another road game at nearby 
Point Lorna Nazarene on Thur -
day night. Tip-off i at 7:45 p.m. 

By DAVE LINDSTROM 
SraffWrirer 

The Price Center Ballroom can 
be used for numerous events. uch 
asdancing ordining, but the UCSD 
fencing teams put it to quite a dif-
ferent use, hosting UCSB and Cal 
Poly Pomona in duel matche last 
Saturday. 

"When one of the teams lose a 
fencer, the balance that they had a 
a team i upset, and it can be hard 
to get back," Triton Head Coach 
Lynne Antonelli explained. 

The men' teams combined to 
beat Pomona 23 bouts to four, but 
lost to UCSB 14-1 3 in overall 
competion. Antonell i cited the 
closelo a anexampleofsomeof 
lost balance on the men' teams. 

Women's Tennis Begins ational Title Defense The meet was the secont! one in the second round ofleague play for 
both the men's and w01Jlen' s teams. 
The men, who compete in three 
different blades - foil, epee, and 
sabre - tUlted the day second 
overall in league at 8-2. 

Individually, Darrin We el, the 
league's number two sabre fencer, 
won all six of his bouts. 

By BRIA ITOW 
Senior 5r£Jjf Wrirer 

When mo::.t championship 
teams lo::.e an integral part of their 
roster, they don't expect to re-
peat. The UCSD women'~ tenOlS 
team. however, i::. not most teams. 

De. pite losing two of their top 
three Sll1gles players, and mem-
bers of their number one and two 
doubles teams, the Tritons plan 
to contll1ue theil domination 111 
DiVision 11I play on the west coast. 

PREVIEW 
and make a ~trong bid to retain 
their champion::.hip crown. 

Once again, the bid wi)) be led 
by hnstine Behrens. the num-
ber t\\O Dlvl',ion 1Il player in the 
country . She leu hel double~ team 
to a championship and gained a 
berth in the natlonal semi finah in 
II1di Vidual play la I sca~on. 

To hdp temperthe los ... es from 
la ... t year's "4uad. the Tritons have 
found a gem in Robyn Inaba. 
lnaba \HIS a high ~chool tcam-
mall.: of Behrc!ns. and JOlll her 
again .11 SD. 

Altll ugh she has yettu play u 
match incolkg . Jllabal alr~ady 

ral1~ e ~ L lh III DiviSion /If 0) th" 
II1lc!1 011 giaLl: ./ ennl ( ~I hc~ 

A,>~()ciJtlOn. h' i late I to pia) 
nUll1 )'1 tv.( 'iingk -hin(1 
Bchr ... n ... 

The effect of the losse will al 0 
be lessened by the depth of the Tri-
ton squad. according to UCSD 
Head Coach Liz La Plante. 

"We have about eight girls who 
will contend for posi tions on the 
team. Thiscorewillmakeu · trong 
contenders to repeat," she said. 

The core includes a number of 
National Championship veterans. 
Susan Carney, who wiJl learn with 
Behrens on the number one doubles 

(;uardiall fil !'hOIl) 
ChristIne Behrens and th rest 
of thewomen's tennis team hope 
to get a return shot atthe national 
championship. 

team, is al a slated for singles 
play. 

Senior Janet Whaylen and 
Kristen Diels, and sophmores 
Amanda Lynch and Pam Haas 
will also challenge for singles 
and doubles positions. 

Whaylen, a member of the 
1987 championship squad who 
is returning after a year abroad. 
is an exceptionally strong doubles 
player. 

Diels was one of the top six 
singles players a year ago and 
will challenge for a s ingles spot 
again thi ' year. 

UCSD will uetheregularsea-
son to determine its chances to 
repeaalt the National Champion-
shipToumamentinTrenton, ew 
Jersey in mid-May. 

In addition to a mutch against 
traditIOnal nval Pomona-Pilzer. 
the Trilons will face a number 01 
perreniaJ D iVision III powers. 
They will face such teams as 
Gustavus-Adolphu'i, the top-
ranked team entering la ... t year's 
tournament. £:rnof) • and the Un i-
verslIy of the South. 

" '1 hi., is the best schedule 
. ··vcfaccu." LaPlante "aid. "A 

lot of Iht.: lOp Divbion III -.quaus 
ill be visiting us thi:. year. I 

think v. e Ita e a rl.'al 'ood chance 
tu rCIX:at, and till'se I llatl." he:. will 
gl\e liS an III licutiol 01 Ollr 
chance w h 11 \VI: get t the tour-
nament. .. 

The women ' s !eam, which 
consists of only foil competitors, 
headed into the matche fifth in 
league with a 5-5 record. 

On Saturday, the men split their 
matches, beating Cal Poly and 
losing to UCSB, while the women 
captured both of their contests. 

Each of the three-member men 's 
teams ha lost a member for vari-

In the epee, Todd Dubnicoff, 
ranked third in league, took five of 
six bouts on the day. 

The women's team. on the other 
hand, has not lost any of their fenc-
ers. Although it has several first-
time competitors, the team i stUlt-
ing to improve. 

TheTritons won their bouts I 1-
5 over UCSB, and 13-3 against Cal 
Poly Pomona. 

Team captain Amy Leung, the 
eighth ranked woman in the league. 
won seven bouts and lost one in the 
two matches. 

Hi.n<l' l/;!irh,l,uJ.d, <In 
Women's captain Amy Leung (I) captured seven of eight bouts. 


