
INSIDE ... ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 
UC News .............................. 2 The Magic of 

'Fantasia' Again 
Opinion ................................. 4 
Arts & Entertainment ............ 8 
Classifieds .......................... 12 
Sports .. ............................... 16 ~ ____ ~ Disney re-releases classic/9 

University of California, 
San Diego 

The UCSD 

Fraternity Rush Week Flyer 
Generates Controversy 
• Sigma Alpha Epsilon ad may be against IFe rules 
By Sherry Lowrance 
Staff Writer 

Amidst the traditional hoopla 
of Fall Rush, a flyer from the 
Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity 
advertising its rush activities has 
generated allegations of sexism. 

The flyer depicts a woman 
wrapping her legs around a beer 
keg, sporting the fraternity's 
motto: "In a world of compro-
mise ... some men don't." 

According to Greek Advisor 
Paul DeWine, the flyer is "cur-
rently under review." 

Tanya Moskalenko, a mem-
ber of Kappa Kappa Gamma 
sorority, thought the flyer was 
"sleazy." 

"It doesn't represent their 
fraternity as I know them. It was 
unnecessary, pretty blatant," she 
said. 

Sigma Alpha Epsilon Rush 
Chairman Shervin Mirhashemi 
disagreed. 

"You can take it how you 

want to. Some might be offended," 
~ashemisaid. 

"If someone is going to spend 
time looking for [obscenity] in the 
flyer, they'll find it," he added. 

According to DeWine, the flyer 
could be in violation of two Interfra-
ternity Council (IFC) policies: the 
dry rush policy and the non-sexist 
activities policy. 

While the dry rush pollcy does 
not stipulate alcohol advertising 
guidelines, he said, the flyer "vio-
lates the spirit of the law, but tech-
nically is not a violation of the letter 
of the law." 

The policy outlawing sexist ac-
. tivities "definitely includes adver-

tising, specifically rush advertising," 
DeWinesaid. 

"l1teappropriateness of the flyer 
is being reviewed by the vice 
president of communications and 
myself according to this policy," 
De Wine said, with a decision to be 
reached this week. 

Some of those opposed to the 

flyer consider it to be more serious 
than simply "sleazy." 

"I think it promotes violence 
against women," said Women's 
Resource Center Staff Member 
Maggie Sale, referring to the implied 
combination of alcohol and sex on 
the flyer. 

Sigma Alpha Epsilon president 
Lance Ingals admitted using "sexual 
appeal to attract attention," but de-
niedthat the flyer promoted violence 
against women. 

Mirhashemi, who was respon-
sible for creating the rush flyer, also 
defended it against accusations. 

"I think it's a cool picture," he 
said. '''The last thing it does is pro-
motes violence. 

"If showing beer and women 
together promotes violence, then ue 
Coors Light and all the other beer 
companies that use sex appeal to 
sell beer." 

Sigma Alpha Epsilon member 
Steve Ager agreed that the flyer is 
no worse than "any other advertise-

SPORTS 
Four Home 
Matches Today 
Game previews/16 

WEDNESDAY 
October 10, 1990 
Vol. 71, No.7 

A portion of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity's Rush Week 
flyer, currently under review by the Interfraternity Council. 
ment in the media which uses sex 
appeal," adding that fratemities are 
an "easy target for disgruntled 
feJllinists. " 

'We've had no problem with 
violence against women," he said. 
"We've never had any accusations 
against us about harassment or 
misconduct. And the flyer is not 
representative of violence in any 

way." 
The flyer will be allowed to 

remain posted until the review is 
completed 0 that the grievance 
can go through "the proper 
channels," according to 
DeWine. 

''The process takes longer 
but usually has a better impact," 
he added. 

CAR THEFT ON THE RISE 
• Auto thefts at UCSD are up 23 percent this year. Between 
Jan.1 and Oct. 1, 71 vehicles have been stolen on campus. 
Of these, 49 were eventually recovered. In addition, 
numerous vehicles stolen in other parts of San Diego 
County were recovered from lots. Police say car thieves will 
sometimes abandon vehicles here at UCSD that were 
stolen elsewhere, only to leave with a car stolen from one of 

Fourth Year of Drought Heightens 
UCSD Water Conservation Worries 

the lots on campus. 

, 

ciiiiiiii"' __ ~ = 15 stolen automobiles 
Source: Sgt. Bob Jones. UCSD Police 

Mel Marcelo/Guardian 

• On-campus housing uses 40% of all campus supplies 
By Debbie Rosenthal 
Staff Writer 

As Southern California faces its 
fourth consecutive year of drought, 
UCSD's consumption of water is 

becomingagrowingconce~. Sights 
such as "rivers" pouring along ce-
ment pathways, grass and field ar-
eas super-saturated by overused 
sprinkler systems, and broken 
sprinkler heads drowning their sur-
roundings has driven many students 
wonder what role UCSD is playing 
in the struggle to conserve water. 

Last May, Governor George 
Deukrnejian ordered all state agen-
cies and departments to reduce wa-
ter consumption by at least IO per-
cent. This order was i Ued in re-
sponse to what the San Diego Tri-
bune has called "the worst water 
shortage in county history." 

In reaction to the drought, UCSD 
Physical Plant Service (PPS) de-
veloped a water management pro-
gram, the goal of which i to reduce 
overall campu water consumption 
by the mandated 10 percent. 

The plan divides the uruversity ' 
water usage into four categorie : 
housing and food service ; campu 
instruction, research and ervice fa-
cilitie ; grounds maintenance; and 
phy ical activitie , includingathlet-

and re reation. The university 

plans to enforce cutbacks in all four 
areas as deemed appropriate. 

Beginning last May, the campus 
irrigation system was evaluated by 
a division of the San Diego County 
Water Authority. The report, sub-
mitted by the Mis ion Resource 
Conservation District Mobile Irri-
gation Laboratory. was received by 
PPS this summer. 

"We've made all the adjustment 
[to watering schedule] that offi-
cials have recommended," said Eva 
Myking. as istant director of facili-
tie maintenance. 

She added that UCSD is in the 
proces of converting to energy-
saving y_tems campu -wide. 

"HopefuUy a lot of that run-off 
you aw last year you won't ee this 
year," he added. 

Adjustment made by PPS deal 
with the watering ystem u ed to 

preserve the aesthetic state of the 
landscape. Time-clocks set the 
sprinkler system to waterthe grounds 
regularly. 

''Typically we might be water-
ing two to three times a week, for 10 
minutes at a time," Myking said, 
adding that this irrigation takes place 
only between 7 a.m. and 6 p.m. 

She added that "when you see 
the sprinklers running during the 
day [it is because it is] necessary to 
test the systems on a routine basis to 
check for broken heads and good, 
efficient coverage," which can only 
be adequately checked in the day-
light. 

Further steps being taken toward 
the conservation of water u ed for 
grounds maintenance, include di -
continuing u e of ornamental 
fountain, which do not operate with 
recycled water, and the replacement 
of orne plant that require great 
amounts of water with others that 
are "drought tolerant." Such plants 
alreadyexi t on the outh and we t 
ide of the Price Center. 

Mea ure are al 0 being taken to 
minimize water consumption by on-
campu ervice . The wa hing of 
campu vehicle has been drasti-
cally redue d. Parkingenfor ement 
vehicle arebeingwa hedonly nee 

See WATER, page 6 

( 



2 NEWS 

FROM OTHER CAtv'lPUSES 

Irvine Faces Over-Enrollment 
Problems With Freshman Class 

IRVINE- Over-enroUment problems at UC Irvine are 
at an all-time high after UCI increased the freslunan class 
enrollment from 2,400 students to 2,800 last May. 

One biology class is showing a videotape instead of a 
"live" lecture in order to accommodate three classes instead 
of two, and some classes are over-enrolled by several hundred 
students. 

Olancellor Jack Peltasoo said he does not believe the 
larger-than-usual class was a mistake OIl ucrs pan. "The 
altemativewas to tell them they couldn't come at all. We're 
doing our best to find space for everyone," he said 

Berkeley Improves Fire Safety in 
Dorms After Fraternity Tragedy 

BERKELEY - UC Bericeley officials are improving 
residence hall fire safety in the wake of a September fire at 
Berlceley's Phi Kappa Sigma house. 

Campus Spokesperson TomIkbley said that although all 
of the halls are equ.ipped with fire alarms wired directly to the 
UCBerlceley Police Department, ejght donns lack sprinkler 
systems. As the dorms undergo renovation, Debley said, 
sprinkler systems will be installed. 

"We feel 99 percent certain that the type offire we saw [at 
tbefratemityhouse] would llOlhappenin aresidm;e facility," 
he said. 

A.S. Lobby Sponsors Rally to 
Protest Crisis in Persian Gulf 

SANTA BARBARA - Approximately 200 people at-
tended a UCSB reilly last Wednesday condemning U.S. 
military presence in the Middle Easl. There were three 
peakers at the anti-war event. 

Political Science Graduate student Wayne Cohen likened 
the Persian Gulf crisis to the Vietnam era. 

'Twenty years ago I attended a similar rally bere against 

Calvin and Hobbes 

TIle UCSD Guardian 

a different war- only the geography isdifferentloday," Cohen 
said. 

Cohen urged students to formulate their own opinions, but 
warned of a media which paints a distorted ponrait of reality 
because the government has "a strong influence and interest in 
what the press say and what you think." 

Campus Radio Advisor Elizabeth Robinson, a Lebanese 
national, compared the situation to past crusades on Arab nations. 

'1be current adventure is wrapped up in the same sort of 
bomhastic rhetoric," she said. 

The rally was sponsored by the Associated Students Lobby 
and is the Mt of a series of similar events planned for the year. 

UCSB 'CAPE' Gets Mixed Reviews 
SANTA BARBARA - UCSB reported mixed sales am 

reviews for its Faculty and Course Evaluation Survey book 
(F.A.C.E.S.). The book, similar to UCSD's C.A.P.E. report, 
includes brief course descriptions and student evalualions am 
oomments. 

"I heard it wasn't vel)' helpful," saidjunior Dave Teakle. The 
book also received criticism for bcing inattentive to issues of 
ethnicity, gender and sexual sensitivity. 

• 'We don't writetheevaluations. All we can do is wen fran the 
students conunents," said a F AC.E.S. employee. 

Though many faculty have yet to examine the publicatioo, 
some who have were generally positive. 

"lam a big believer in it Students should have access to other 
students' opinions," Film Studies Professor Edward Branigan 
said 

The lsla Vista bookstore has sold 50 copies of their 200 copy 
stock of the $1 book. However, the UCSB Campus Bookstore is 
nearly sold out, with only 15 of its original324cq»es left. 

UCLA Asian Students Unhappy With 
Appeal of Discrimination Study 

LOSANGEI...ES- Asiancooununity \eadersaredissatisfied 
withUQ.A'sdecisiontoappeaIafederaIagency'sfudingthatthe 
university violated the civil rightsoffive Asian-American gradu-
ate math students. 

"UQ.A is spending so much time and money to dispute the 
findings instead of exploring diversity," said Glem Omatsu, 
associate editor of Amerasia Journal. 

Ua...Aha<lahistOl)'ofdiscriminationagainstAsian-Awerican 
students, he said. 

V~-ChancelJor of Graduate Adrniss.ion Claudia Mitchell-
Kernansaid that the wli versity completed aprelirninary review of 
the Office of Civil Rights ' probe, and found that only racially 
neutral criteria were used in detennining graduate admissions to 
!he math department. 

by Bill Watterson 

'fl4r.l 1\1IS G"III£ 
t-lEI.DS AAE 
N\;.GOTI~TED 
SETTl£~E.NTS 

'Il£Ll, ~()IJR I<\()M USED 10 ~o\JR l'<\otl,S joB Hr.D A \'oT t(), S~t: O GCTID\ \JSE\) 'It> II, 
GO TO WOR\:. . BIlT ()~(t.. or S\R\:'SS "-NO ~1lA~p\nON 9:) lit ~ IG\JR£D S\\£ SHO\lLD 
~O\J Cf..IfI~ "-LONG-, SoIfl£ON£ SB:. BE '\\it 0\'\( 10 ... 
HI'. \) TO S,M 1-101>\£ 

Gel- oH ih~ ~EA.~ FROI<\ 1II0W. 'tl~~N n" 
5 '1'1 1"'3 oc I'll SUC(IOs:.FUl I\~O 14MP'1 , 
punch ~our ~ . AND ~k.·S ' 1"1 PRlS014 .. II <;1h IS 0 1.1 . I ~OP£ l.' rv'I NOT TOO / MA1IJR~ , 0 GlO"-T . 

, ~ 0;: ~ t Mwr" \ , d~ ~ I • ; \.:J ~i '; j( £ 1 ~ • 
-

Wednesday, O..:tober 10, 1990 

'Big Green' Advocates Denied 
Permission to Speak at Concert 

LOS ANGELES- UCLA officials banned supportersof 
a state environmental proposition from speaking and passing 
outliterature at a "Rock the Vote"llOOI1 concert in thecampus' 
Ackerman Grand Ballroom Monday. 

StudentAffairsadministratorstoldconcenorganizersthat 
advocates of Proposition 128 - the Big Green Initiative -
couJd not participate in the voter-registration event because 
poli1iall issuescannotbe advocatedatcampus-fundedevents. 

The prohibitionconcemed student organizers, wbo said it 
hinders students' awareness of social and pol itical issues. 

Students Explore Gay, Lesbian 
Issues Through Science Fiction 

BERKELEY - UC BetteIey is offering a class that 
explores gay and lesbian issues through scicrx:e fiction texts, 
believed to be the first course of its kind offeRld in the nation. 

Kevin Goebel, the course instructor and a seniorrl1etoric 
major,seesfantasyamsciencefictiooasgoodwaystoexplore 
gay and lesbian issues, such as singJe-.sex societies, separat-
ism and the origins of sex.ual identity. 

There are both gay and straight students in the class, 
Goebel said. Studenl Laura Bass said. "We have a definite 
mix. It's good to have a diverse class, so that you get different 
points of view, not just the hankore feminist view." 

Course maJerials include Anne Rice's Interview With a 
Vampire and Joan S1onczewski's Door illllJ Ocean. Ten 
students are enrolled in the class, which is offered through the 
Democ13tic EdJcation at Cal (DECAL) Program. DECAL 
COt.Jnies are sponsored by faculty members, ootare created by 
students. 

Chancellor Will Seek Faculty 
Advice on Chicano Studies Dept. 

LOS ANGELfS - Ua.A Cbancellor C1larles YOWlg 
armouncedthat hewillseek advicefrom theFlK:Ulty Senate on 
whether or not to create a Olicano Studies Depamnent. 

HisstatementcamedespiteOlicano/l.atinostudentgroup 
MEOlA's demands that Young n:commend a department to 
the UC Board of Regents without advice from the Faculty 
Senate. 

"lfIranaroundcreatingdepartmentswitbouttaIkingtothe 
(Academic) Senate, we'd mve a mess rnour Iunds;:hesaid 

The O1ancellor said he would make a decision on a 
Olicano Studies de(Mment only after a formal proposal is 
submitted and faculty comminees review it and make recom-
mendations. 

GUASft nIAN 
PHL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, MIIntIgIng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, 0p/nADn EtMor 
LES BRUVOLO, AIIIocIa Sports Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, SpoIU EdItor 
JAMES COWER, DNlgn Edttor 
REBEKAH DENN, .4s8ocMIe News Editor 
GREG DIXON, AuocJ.te OpInion Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMtLTON, AAocMt. News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, AssocIBfe News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, AuocJ.. Ms Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, AssociIt. Arts Edffor 
PETER KO, Auoc*te Sports fdHor 
JENNIFER KOlSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Anoclllle Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, AmlfntertBlnment Editor 
MEL MARCELO. Anocillte GnJphlcs Editor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, AssocIIIIe Features Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, Anoca. Photo Editor 
JULIE P\JZON, FMIntI EdItor 
JEFF QUAN, ~ Editor 
JASON SNEll • News Editor 
R'-AS UZGtRIS, Photo Editor 
JEFfREY YAMAGuatt, ~te Feetures Editor 
JENlFER YAHCE.Y. ~ EdItor 

BOB DeANDREA, Sue/n ... IIetN/tIM 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AdvertlelnQ 1lMJ~ 
MtKE MARTINEZ, Adv.n/elng bulgner 
E. LEIGH HENRY. C,. .. Hled R.",...,.,t.tlve 
--'1IIpr--. Doug~ 
-.... _ : l_lIttongit. ~CaM. __ . Paolo VaJiIdoId 

~: KIo 5 Wong ..... l. 
71IoUCSD_.~1Iondoys. ~,nFl1IoyIduIing"'"_YNrll¥and 
..... _,,UCSO.~oIlt101_''''''IDmI. _''_OI''P''t_ 
_ iolRtlrprollbilocl.O 1190.11 rvtu- no UCSD GoaIio! ... tOOpOI\illlet>t ... 
_0I __ 0I1rt. The ...... JII)OOSI8d "lI'apha l11li "'1*1 IeIOII Of oommen 
_", .. -,,_ ... _01 ThtUCSDa.idwI .. ~oIc.1/om .. OI ... 
__ lhMkISMd.IIor...."..,,,,,,,,-

EdiIoriaI: S34-6S80, ........ 0IIi<a: 5:M.:w66, fax: 534-7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Wednesday, October 10,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Noted Poet Quincy Troupe Set to 
Join UCSD Literature Department 
By Hilary Stockton 
Guardian Intern 

The UCSD Literature Depart-
ment announced that internationally 
acclaimed poel Quincy Troupe will 
join that department's faculty be-
ginning in January 1991. 

Based in New Yorlc for the pasl 
20 years, Troupe has taught at the 
College of Staten Island and at Co-
lumbia University, and has traveled 
extensively in Europeandthe United 
States, conducting worlcshops such 
as the Wans Wriler's Workshop in 
California. 

Troupe's books range from pa-
etry to biogmphy, with Snakeback 

$24,000 Taken 
From UCSD 
Parking Office 
By Kent Korzon 
Senior Staff Writer 

Over $24,000 was reported 
missing from the Parking Office 
afe on Saturday, Sept. 22. The 

money consisted of $3,000 in cash 
and in excess of $21,000 in checks, 
UCSD Campus Police Detective 
Sgt. Bob Jones said. 

"The money was discovered 
missing Friday aftemoon and re-
ported [to police] on Saturday," 
Jones said. 

The money apparently was taken 
between Friday morning and after-· 
noon. 

According to Jones, the Parking 
Office wailed until an exhaustive 
sean:h confinnedthe missing money 
was not on the premises before re-
porting the theft. 

"An internal investigation in-
volving parldng employees is on-
going," Jones said. 

Further details will not be avail-
able until the investigation is com-
pleted. 

Read the 
Guardian. 
H you don't, you 
just ~n't know 
what's going on 

atUCSD. 

Solos: Selected Poems and Miles 
Davis: the Autobiography winning 
the 1980 and 1990 American Book 
Awards. respectively. Published by 
£/le, Vanity Fair, Spin, Newsday, 
and the Vii/age Voice, Troupe has 
started six magazines himselfand is 
currently the senior edilor of the 
rnulti-culturdl River Styx. 

Troupe was praised by UCSD 
Literature Department Chair Susan 
Kirlcpatrick as having "a marvelous 
reputation for making things hap-
pen." 

Troupe has organized the bian-
nual New York Blackroots Festival 
since 1974, bringing aspiring writ-

ersand literature enthusiasts together 
with acclaimed African-American 
poetry and prose writers. 

As a professor in Columbia 
University 's writing program, 
Troupe said he found that many 
students were well-versed only in 
American and English writers. 
Troupe said he found that fact "apc 
palling at this late date in history." 

"Many Americans are provin-
cial, narrow- not intentionally-
but because they act out of igno-
rance," Troupe said. 

Troupe said he aims to draw IDS 
students to non-western literary 

See TROUPE, page 1 0 

RImas UzglrlslGuardian 
Campus Fest '90, sponsored by the University Bookstore, 
was held in the Price Center Monday and Tuesday. 

FACTS ABOUT YOUR PEERS 
FcC ... CNer 55 C<Alnla sWeoIs managed !heir C1Ml1lJsi1esses last summer 
FcC .. . Their average ecvnillJS for !he surTlTl8l'of 1990 were $10,700 
FcC ... They rontilU!d illJQYe a deca:le-klng tra::k reoord in IlJSiness 
FcC .. . These sldenIs <II managed with SLdent PcinIeIs en! gcined valJaje 
mmgement expense 
Fed. .. M>st terribies wiI be fBj I7t !he end ct NoYeniler 
MaDagament bUtng DOW taking place for the summer oi 1991 

Call Student Pamters at 1-800-426-6441 

You Can Become A 

DOCTOR OF CHIROPRACTIC 

PALMER 
COLLEGE OF CHIROPRACTIC 

WEST 
Santa Clara, CA 

Find Out How ••. 

Omni Hotel 
Wed., October 24 • 7:30 PM 

910 Broadway Circle, Coronado Rm. • San Diego 
A Palmer College of Chiropractic Wes't 
Admi •• Jqpa Representatiye will diICYI'; 

Careers in Chiropractic 
Palmer West's Program and Facilities 

Admissions Procedures & FinancW Aid Opportunities 

For IlIrltH'r IlIfllr111,1111I11 1111 thIS P"lItlt'r We,t 
Prll'>III'1 IIVI' Sllitil'1I1 MI'I'IIII!! l.llt Iliit frl'!' 

1(800) 442 .. 4476 

NEWS 3 

,. 
o~ 

f; Ca~ Copy 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 

VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
PROFESSORS NOTES 

Book Binding 

Copies while you wait 

3211 Holiday O. (next to Domino's Pizza) • 452-9949 
M-F 8:30-6 p.m. ['p"" 11) 11 ~o Sat. 1-4 p.m. 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

_8$29 
Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap - Only $48 

Not a te~ry water toss • 1=Ieduce cellulite and stretch mar1<s 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Cll204 
455-0909 

YEARS 
A, HEAD 

IlAiRCUTS 
byMn 
Women $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Perm & HaircUI 850 
or Highlighl 4< Haircul 

For appointment, please call 457-2930. 
8950 Villa fA Jolla Dr., Stet 2120 

DERMATOLOGY 
c;ood AbOU' Fee~ UT skin Diseases and Surgery of the Skin 
° Skin Cancer, Laser Surgery 

Facial Peels, Leg Veins 
Mole and Scar Removal 
Collagen, Cosmetic Surgery 

ALEX PETERSON, M.D. 
BOARD CERTIFtED DERMATOLOGIST 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr .• Suire 11 21 
(1 block west of 1·5. behind the Elephant Bar) 

552-8842 

Sinia Costumes 
Available at 

• Pacific Belc:h-Paper Trends 
1826 Garnet Ave. 

• EI ~ Ann's Hallmark 
1059 Broadway 

• Oownlown-Big Save 
416 Broadway 
• Aztec Shops 
San Diego State University 

• ElCOndkIo--Deborah's 
1624 E. Valley Parkway 
• Chull V1s...standees 
279 3rd Avenue i---FREE ---/~ 

I Tube 01 Sinia makeup with I 
I each costume purchase. I Valid October 15·26. 1990. L _N~aJidW1~yolher~upons~i~n~ ..J 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN. Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEA • Managing Editor 
JASO SNELL. ews Edi tor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Editor 

TM UCSD GiliUduJIl is published three bmel I ... ·ee .. It the University of caJifomil , San D~lo. 
Contents e l990. ViewseJ[pressed herein represent tnt majarity \IOCt of1he editonal board. t OO are not 
neccSiiUily those of !he UC 8oan1 of Rea:cnlS. lhe ASUCSD. oor Lhe enure GUiUdian staff. 

TG CONTROVERSY 

Will the Kegs Run Dry? 
Every year at UCSD, studem can expect two or three 

familiar controversies to arise. Parting is a perpetual gripe. A.S. 
politics is usually another. And last, but far from least, is the 
trouble with TGs. 

The TO is a unique entity at UCSD, not seen on any other UC 
campus. What makes the TGs so special is the free beer. Some 
administrators say that UCSD should be ashamed to promote 
free beer at ocial events. They argue thaI TGs are safety risks, 
that even the most thorough security measures can be circum-
vented, and that minors are drinking in violation of state law and 
university policy. 

Opponents of alcohol at TGs justify their position by waving 
around the infamous university alcohol policy. UCSD is a "dry" 
campus. The only place on campus where alcohol may be served 
to tudents and con umed legally is the Bullseye Tavern. Up 
until now, TGs have been allowed to continue serving alcohol 
out of the kindness of the administration's heart. 

The problem is this: UCSD Police Chief .Tohn Anderson 
doesn 'I like alcohol served at TGs or other campus events. As a 
policeman, he has to consider the safety of the universi ty 
community and the potential problems that can arise out cf social 
events where alcohol is served. From Anderson's standpoint, 
then, TGs are a afelY threat and the university should discon-
tinue serving alcohol. 

Anderson and the administration may be right. Alcohol tends 
to cause problems when mixed with the wrong personalities, and 
everybody knows that alcohol-related auto accidents are the 
leading cause of death among college-age peop e It is for the 
latter reason that Anderson and the administration should re-
consider their stance. 

TGs are, in essence, the only campus-wide social gathering 
that anyone actually wants to attend. TGs are UCSD's football 
games. They are an excuse for students to get together at a 
campus acti vity and have a good time Few campus activities, if 
any, can match the draw and the appeal of a TO. 

Part of the appeal of a TG, however, is the promise of free 
beer. Beer gives the event a much more festive atmosphere. Beer 
is an incentive to attend an event many students might not 
nonnally attend. Ask most students, and chance are they'll tell 
you they don't attend TOs for the bands. At this year's ftrst TO, 
which was non-alcoholic, the crowd was there because the Dead 
Milkmen - generally a large draw anyw!¥.:re - was the 
headlining band. But bands of their caliber do not frequent the 
gym steps often. AI an average TG, take away the beer, and you 
lose half the crowd. At least. 

But where will the crowd go? A.S. Presidem John Edson 
believes he has the answer, and it's not encouraging. Edson 
contends that by eliminating beer at TGs, more and more 
students will exercise the option of partying off-campus, thereby 
drastically increasing the possibility of more drunk driving-
related accidents and deaths. 

Edson believes there is a distinct connection between the 
crackdown on alcohol and the rise of the so-called "mini-donn" 
problem. It makes sense. After all, why should students waste 
their time sneaking a couple of 12-packs into their donn or on-
campus apartmem when they can do it wilh relative comfon, 
ease, and little fear of disciplinary action in an off-campus house, 
apartment, or condo. 

The campus alcohol policy needs to be re-eval uated. Admin-
istrators need to realize that students will drink. If students lose 
one way, you can be sure they will ftnd another. 

Administrators need to ask themselves which is the lesser of 
two evils: a more open alcohol policy on-campus or drunken 
students off -campus making their neighbors' lives a Ii ving HeH. 
It's seems that this may already be happening in University City, 
and it will only get worse. 

Banning beer at the TOs would be a terrible mistake. Not only 
would more students be alienated from campus by the lack of 
appealing social activities, but the growing party problem on and 
around campus would cascade. 

The administration should leam a lesson from history. Pro-
hibition didn't work in the 19305, and it certainly won' l work 
now. 

The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, October 10, 1990 

BENSON 

It'S ntt my fault we 
couldn't ta~ cif q,l.IicJ<er. 

It was ~ {alkS who 
decorated. the car-

COMMENTARY 

Why We Must Strike Now 
• While the military sits in the sand and diplomats hope 
sanctions will work, Saddam looks for ways to win 
By Zactwy Berman, Contributing Opinion wnter 

While the world is immersed in the Persian Gulf 
crisis it is interesting to postulate whether history 
would have turned out differently if Czechoslova-
kia had been a country abundant with oil. Perhaps 
the Allied powers would have prevented further 
expansion and put. in check what turned out to be the 
beginning of the Second World War. 

I think this is a very imponant point to keep in 
mind when one says the only reason we are in the 
gulf is for oil. If this were so and I don't believe it 
is the case - should it matter? In the end the 
sovereignty of Kuwait can be restored. 

Would the situation be more acceptable if we 
were over there just to restore 1M legitimate gov-
ernment of Kuwait, instead of it being an indirect 
result of this soca1led "oil war?" We must not allow 
the law of tile jungle to tab precedence overtbe law 
of lhe land. 

Unfortunately, the timeneccslW')' forecooomic 
sanctions to take effect will cause tile problem to be 
pushed past the point of reconciliation, and war is 
the only solution. I • 

We need to go to war for severatrea8OQl. Tbe 
first istbeincffectiveness ofeconomieaanctioDaOil 
Saddam Hussein. If anydJing, it would appear the 
sauctions selVe only to make him JDOI'C bellipreaL 

Also, Iraq is a country .... c.a lMIrVivo up 10 • 
year (current reports indicate lonl«) before IIIJIC. . 
lions will cripple it. This is much Jooacr than the 
U.S. or even world opposition can last. We are not 
a patient nation and quickly grow weary of a 
stalemate. 

It must be kept in mind. mat Saddam is the IIWI 
who vowed to "fight over it [Kuwait) for a dloulllld 
years."It wiD take ~ tban sanctions to fon:e tbiI 
man to release his grip on Kuwait. 

Another reason war is neccuary is to dismaDde 
Saddam's massive military IlUlCbine. Here i.amlll 
who obviously will not ait around and twiddle his 
thumbs waiting for old aac. He is power bllJlll'Y and 
if wedidn't react as quicldy as we did, he would also 
have Saudi Arabia under his belt. 

To make matters worse, as soon as this is over we 
can expect France, as well as Iraq's Olb« anna 
suppliers, to rush in and resume sales with its old 
customer. 

Out of all of this, the most frightening aspect is 

Iraq's proximity to attaining nuclear weapons. 
Most sources estimate that it will take only three 
to five years. I find it bard to believe thal once Iraq 
has "the bomb"lraquis will be content to continue 
to spend tbcir days fanning figs. 

The last and most important reason we must 
strike now is Saddam's current "Iraqization" of 
Kuwait. 

He bas transported over 240,000 Iraqis, Pales-
tinians. and Jordanians into Kuwait. This number 

"fhe most frightening as-
pect is Iraq's proximity to 
attaining nuclear weapons. 
Most sources estimate that 
it will. take three to five 
years. · I find it hard to be-
lieye that once Iraq has 'the 
bomb'· it will be content to 
continue to spend its days 
farming figs." 
exceeds tbcIamount of acIUI Kuwaiti. left in 
kuWait. At the same time. there i$ a massive effort 
to Cltpel the remainina Kuwaitis and to destroy 
their pwportalDd ideotitypapors (obvioualy &0 
CIII~ that they wiD not 1etUm). 

Willa over 240,000 Iraqi and pro-lraq people 
already planted in Kuwait, we can DO longer wait 
for sanctions to solve the PfOblem. 

ODe can only imaline the difficulties Involved 
in gelling thls many people out, let alone the 
IJIlOUIIt of people that wilt be there if we continue 
to waiL 

Saddam's plan i. clear. Once the sanctions 
begin to strangle Iraq, he will agree to withdraw, 
at the same time calling for free elections. Of 
course everybody is in favor of democracy and 
will be hard pressed to say no. In the end Kuwait 
will once again become pan of Iraq and Saddam 
Hussein wiD claim he is the man who brought 
democracy to the Middle East. 

Wednesday, October 10, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

The Borg Killed Laura Palmer tion, butit 'sa lot less work. You can sit there and discuss the metaphysi-
cal ramifications of Dale Cooper's 
vis ion of the Giant or the aftennath 
of Jean-Luc Picard's torture at the 
hands of the evil Borg. But you're 
still talking aboul television, not real 
life. 

• Why is an anti-social pastime so social? Why don't we all 'get a life? ' 
By Jason Snell, News Editor 

Laura Palmer is dead, wrapped 
in plastic. Why do I care? Why does 
anyone care aboUl this girl? J mean, 
she was a sexually promiscuous drug 

addict-homecoming queen-girl-
friend of the captain of the football 
team who was having an affair with 
a biker. 

Yet lots of people, including me, 
spend lots of time watching televi-
sion, and even treat it as a social 
event. People have come over to my 
house just to watch ABC's bizarre 
"Twin Peaks" series. There's a guy 

REGENTS' BEACH 

WEISID101UCUm&N1'S 
"Would You Ramer Go To 

A SPEEDY Coin Wuh 
or a Non· Speedy Coin Wash?" 

100% AGREED 

at Warren who wants to borrow a 
tape I have of the first six episodes, 
just so he can watch them again. 

Why do I even have them on 
videotape in the first place? Well , it 
does make for one hell of a conver-
sation piece. At work, I've had con-
versations with people (even some 
peopleI barely know) all about what 
happened last week on this televi-
sion show. 

It' sjust a television showis what 
William Shatneryelled at agroupof 
trekkies during a "Saturday Night 
Live" sketch a few years ago. 
TI1ey ' re all just television shows, 
alternatives to getting a life. 

Television is ridiculously anti-
social. AH you do is stare at a screen 
for a while, and then tum it off. You 
don ' t usual ly talk to the people 
watching il with you (if you're not 
watching it alone, that is), and you 
usually don' t even talk about the 
show later in general conversation. 

But in the last two weeks, I've 
had so many different conversa-

'NOll()e:tICft!dJI .50 
an advetltu7T! in cards & gifts 

mo Regents Rd. 
La Jolla Colony Plaza next to Vons 

450-0709 

MISSING ARTWORK 
\. If found, 

Center. No 
questions 

asked. 

If you have 
Information leadln, 

to recovery call 
270-2977 

tions about television that iI's stan-
ing to drive me crazy. Me, the guy 
who did a high school literature 
project on "Gilligan' Island." 

r m the guy who remembers that 
Nipsey Russell, Fanny Flagg, 
Charles Nelson Reilly, and Bret 
Sommers were always guests on 
"Match Game '79." 

I still remember the secret de-
vice that Space Patrolman Aiata 
used to tum inlo U1lraman. (The 
Beta Capsule. of course. Come on, 
you knew that, didn't you?) I used 
to watch television, enjoy it, and 
not try to force it on others. I 
walched it by myself. 1 had a good 
time, and it gave me lots of mate-
rial to use at parties. (1 just filled 
the last paragraph up with TV ref-
erences, and there are more where 
that came from.) 

The social effect of singing Ihe 
"Spider-Man" theme at some kind 
of gathering is incredible. Every-
body knows it. Not everybody will 
be able 10 identify with you politi-

cally or socially, but we all know 
that Spider-Man, Spider-Man, does 
whatever a spider can. 

In the last two weeks, I've 
watched and disc ussed "Twin 
Peaks" with lots of different people. 
I watched "Star Trek: The Next 
Generation" wilh some friends. too. 

And we'd sit there during these 
shows and aclually make comments. 
It was sortoflike bei.ng antisocially 
social. You can mumble something 
like "Whal the hell does David 
Lynch think he's doing?" or "Ah, 
Picard, you' re in trouble now," and 
people wiH understand you. They ' ll 
make comments about how Killer 
Bob is actually the manifestation of 
the evil in the Twin Peaks wood , 
and I'll give it serious thought. Then, 
the next day, I'll pick up the Los 
Angeles Times and read what 
Howard Rosenberg has to say about 
the show. 

It 's television as a social 1001, 
kiddies. Watch some TV. It'll give 
you the illusion of social interac-

ByCAVNA 
'liON. WA~ 1l1AT 
A ~u~NT WHO 
L.1N6ER'S AT 1I1e: 

GROIE MP HA1I05 
f O FAce: GOIN6 

1V CLASS"? .. 

WE HAVE 

Then again, maybe iI's easier 
that way. As I said before,television 
is often the only thing that we all 
share. It 's a common link between 
us, something that we all under-
stand. We may understand "Doogie 
Howser, M.D." more than we un-
derstand the friends silting next to ~ 
us watching TV with us. 

That's a shame. because people 
are far more interesting than televi-
sion programs. 

But if the only way that we find 
common ground is by talking aboul 
television and watching it, well, at 
least it's common ground. At leastil 
causes some kind of interaction. I 
suppo e that's better than si lting in 
a room by yourself watching a 
glowing screen. 

Hmm? What's Ihat? Saturday 
night? Sony, I'm busy. Gotta watch 
some TV. 

Wanna come? Bring popcorn. 

The UCSD G1IlJrilil'" 
welcomes your letters and 
commentaries. Drop your 
letter at the G_rIIilJnoffices 
(on the second floor of the 
old Student Center, above 
the General Store) or mail ir 
to: 

Opinion Editor 
GlUlrdilJ1f 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Letters should be typed, 
double-spaced, and should 
include a signature and a 
phone number. Unsigned 
letten will not be printed. 
We reserve the right to edit 
for length and clarity. 

EXCELLENT 
AUTO INSURANCE RATES 

FOR QUALIFIED ST UDENT S 

D'AGNESSA INSURANCE AGE cr 
7841 Balboa Avenue , See . 21 5 

San Diego , CA 92111 
.. 

If Yon 're In An Accident 
Dr.ive One Of These Cars 

No\v At No Cost. 
Porsche 944 Convertible 
BMW 325i Conv. ~ . ~. M~rcedes 190 E __ ;\-"' ~ 1_ 
N,ssan 300ZX 

Free luxury/sports car insurance replacement while your car is being repaired. 
INSURANCE CLAIMS, AUTOMOBILE DAMAGE 

AND BODILY INJU RY CLAIMS/LITIGATION. 

Law Offices (619) 
IRWINIDIBOS 236-8420 



6 NEWS 

-=Yo! 
You saw it. You were there. And we might have missed it. So let us 
know. Call the Guardian news hotline. 534-6580. 

If we don 't know about it, it didn 't happen. 

Council af Provosts 

GTheUCSD UARD!AN 

Associaled 
SIuderh 

Present 

SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA 
.. .... 

FeatUring .\ ; 
, 

il!!~ft4~ !i:L 
tit- 'C~ \ 

w / Cecil Lytle \ 

lor their suppott 

I October 18th 
From 5pm • 7pm at 

Price Center Lawn • 
Selections from '\ Free Admission 
&~ \ ~~ 

Duke. Ellington \\ Se' F AI 
Tr1 but e \ II11 OrIniU 'Mo',U"I~'<; 

d h , \,. Or come 
... an muc ,more .... ');, vou are 

Need more tnfo? '4 I 
Call 534-EDNA 

The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, October 10, 1990 

WATER: Drought brings conservation 
measures to UCSD housing, food service 
Continued from page 1 
every two weeks and vanpool ve-
hicles are washed only when it be-
comes "a necessity." 

Additional refonns include the 
replacement of valves and water 
tanks in restrooms with systems that 
use three to four gallons per flush 
rather than the usual seven. 

Though UCSD is making an ef-
fort to curb its water use, contrac-
tors worlcing on campus do not nec-
essarily abide by conservation poli-
cies. Myking explained that the 
various contractors engaged in 
projects around the campus use 
water as they see fit, even using it to 
hose down sidewalks. 

Although the contractors attach 
their hoses to the unjversity 's fire 
hydrants, they have their own water 
meters and reimburse the school for 
the water they use. The issue of 
hiring only contractors who would 
agree to conserve water was not 
mentioned. 

Despite appearances, outdoor 
watering consumes only 25 percent 
ofUCSD's total water use. Accord-
ing to PPS, 40 percent is used by 
housing and dining services, con-
trary to the infonnation passed on to 
residents this year by the housing 
office. A notice to students from the 
UCSD housing office says that 
"housing and dining facilities con-
sume 10 percent of the water used 
on campus." 

According to an analysis of 
UCSD's water use made in 1986, 
the campus uses 905 gallons of water 
per rninute (gpm). Campus resi-
dences use 350 gpm. The 905 gpm 
is equivalent to 1,460 acre-feet per 
year, or approximately 0.6 percent 
of San Diego' s water consumption. 

The Metropolitan Water District 

(MWO) estimates that the common 
household uses an average of three 
gallons per day brushing teeth, 40 
gallons per 100minute shower and 
20 gallons per day per person 
flushing toilets. Based on these 
figures, the most measurable differ-
ence could be expected to come 
from housing facilities. Accord-
ingly, a "water alert hotline" has 
been established for reporting leaks 
in water systems at 534-2600. 

One way to conserve water is by 
placing flow restrictors in on-cam-
pus showers. The San Diego Ass0-
ciation ofGovenunents (SANDAG) 
estimates in their proposal for water 
conservation that the "total energy 
savings from shower flow restrictors 

i~ equal to the equivalent of 18.5 
barrels of oil per acre foot of water 
conserved" per year. 

The campus structures erected 
after 1980 were originally designed 
with energy and water-saving 
shower heads. As for the older de-
velopments, the San Diego County 
Water Authority has offered to do-
nate water-saving shower heads to 
the university free of charge, mak-
ing the university responsible only 
for the cost of installation. Accord-
ing to Myking, PPS intends to take 
advantage of the offer as soon as 
possible. 

The San Diego region imports 
almost all of its water supply, which 
is then distributed by the Metropoli-
tan Water District of Southern Cali-
fornia among 130 cities from Ox-
nard to the Mexican border. While 
the population in these regions con-
tinues to increase, the water sources 
are diminishing, and no new sources 
have been found. 

The MWD gets 35 percent of its 
water from Northern California and 

55 percent from the Colorado River, 
a source shared with Arizona. In 
1981, SANDAG issued a water 
conservation plan for the San Diego 
Region based on the financial 
problem of importing water. 

The main objective of the 
SANDAG plan was to reduce water 
use by 15 percent overall. 1lte plan 
outlines methods of achieving this 
goal, many of which are now being 
used by various establishments in 
San Diego County. These include 
flow-control devices for faucets, 
shower head flow restricton, re-
duced toilet-flush devices and hot 
water pipe insulation. A bill passed 
by the California state legislature in 
1980 permits tax credits for people 
who install residential water con-
servation systems such as these. 

The SANDAG plan was de-
signed "to eliminate wasteful and 
inefficient uses of our limited water 
resources" primarily in urban areas 
where more water is wasted, claims 
the report. 

The City of San Diego is consid-
ered to be in a stage one water alert, 
which simply calls for voluntary 
conservation. John Harley, a repre-
sentative for the San Diego County 
Water Authority, said that although 
conservation is still voluntary, 
"we're asking people to conserve 
more because other cities will be 
using our water." 

Despite measures being taken by 
university housing officials to con-
serve water in university-owned 
residential areas, students must take 
responsibility for the ultimate steps. 
Since the student population con-
sumes a large percentage of all on-
campus water, the success of the 10 
percent reduction plan is ultimately 
up to them. 

Wednesday, October 10, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 7 

On Oct. 9, 10, and 1 J a lHIhr wUl be looking for those who an not followers. Talk to 
a Mllrille from 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM til Rel'elk PIazlI. 

srUDENrs 

A THE s 
AS. Internship Office 

IS HAVING 

Information Night 
on Thursday, October 11 th 

6:00-7 :00 p.m. in the Price Center 
Cove Room (next to Chung King Loh) 

Be prepared after graduation and let the A.S. Internship 
Office help you choose an internship which will give you 

on-tha-job training, practical work experience and enhance 
your chances of post-graduate employment. 

Discover your potential in: 

Communications Visual Alis Computers 
Banking & Economics Real Estate Engineering 

Law & Government Biology Technological Work 
Urban Studies EnvironmentalStudies Drama 

and m.uch, m.uch m.ore 
DON'T MISS OUT! 

I 
For more information contact ASlO, 3rd floor, 

Price Center, or call 534-4689, 
Monday through Friday, 9 a.m.-4 p.m. 

SAVE 40%-550/0 
ON ALL RAYBANS® 

FIRST TIME EVER-THRU SUNDAY ONLYI 
• World's finest sunglasses. Best Prices 

• BEST SELECTION • BEST SERVICE 
• ONE-YEAR WARRANTY 

Sale ends 10/14/90 

wjla,ifi, ~ye5 & T:S 
D, S.I,"'" L,.tl" 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE . 8855 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. # 401 .535-0365 



TS & ENTERTAINMENT 
8 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 

Tribes Converge for Peace 
• Cult guitarist Ian Astbury gathers together prominent 
members of today's music scene for a festival of ideas 

By Jennifer Yancey 
Arts & Entertainment Editor 

What do the Cramps, Sound garden, and 
the Charlatans U.K. have to do with envi-
ronmental and ocial awareness? Not a lot, 
but they are all great band to see on the 
same bill . These three bands and 10 others 
all performed last Sunday at the "Gathering 
of the Tribes" con ert at the Pacific Amphi-
theater in Costa Mesa. According to Ian 
Astbury of the Cult , the organizer of this 
event, the concert was designed to "find and 
celebrate a common ground .. . to spark a 
catalyst for a greater awarene s and univer-
sal 'gathering of the tribes. '" 

It was a bitler irony that Public Enemy 
was not allowed to perform at this particular 
concert, one designed to increase aware-
ness about issues such as racism and cen-

or hip. It was announced to the crowd that 
Public Enemy would not be performing due 
to orders from the Orange County Police 
Department. When asked to comment on 
this accu ation, a Costa Mesa police officer 
said the allegation was false, and the reason 
that the band wasn't performing was be-
cause they "didn't feel like it." As of press 
time, Public Enemy 's management was re-
fUSing to comment on the event. 

In addition to the aforementioned bands, 
the prestigious list of performers included: 
Crash Vegas, Michelle Shocked with Tower 
of Power, the London Quireboys, Queen 
Latifah, the Indigo Girls, The Mission UK, 
The CrdlTlps, Ice-T, Steve Jones, Ian Astbury 
and Billy Duffy, and Iggy Pop. 

Crash Vegas, although not advertised, was 
a welcome addition to the bill. Their Cow-

"That 's what it 's all 
about." 

The Indigo Girl s 
were another folk music 
contingent on thediverse 
bill. They appeared 
on tage with only 
acoustic guitars and their 
powerful vocals, enter-
taining the audience with 
songs from their latest 
album nomads' indians 
• saints, and last year's 
self-titled hit album. On 
their final song, a cover 
of "Get Together" by the 
Youngbloods,theentire 
audience joined in on the 
chorus. Unfortunately, 

Wednesday, October 10,1990 

boy Junkies-like 
ound was a re-

laxing way to start 
the show. They 
were followed by 
newcomers Char-
1atans U.K., who 
gave a fantastic 
performance. The 
lead singer 
danced around 
stage hunching 
down like a little 
kid, grinning and 
enjoying himself. 

Ice-T chose to take a Queen Latifah brought Sinead rI"'"'A'~ft_.r 
stroll through the audi-
ence during the Indigo Girls' performance, 
causing everyone to stand up and gawk, and 
di sru pti ng the folk duo's set. 

Queen Latifa's performance could eas-
ily be called the highJight of the day. Priono 
her appearance, the Pacific Amphitheater 
seemed half -empty and mellow, but as soon 
as she came out everyone was on their feet, 
dancing and singing along with her. After 
her first song Queen Latifah brought out 
Sine&! O 'Connor for a quick hello, later 
commenting, "She's cool people." 

Mike Halloran of9 IX and Queen Latifah 
followed TIle Cramps' ~rformance to an-
nounce why Public Enemy was not there. 
"We were supposed to have another in-
credible performance," Latifah explained. 
'These brothers want to cause radical change 
in society today by bringing their lyrics 
straight to your face. But, Public Enemy 
was not allowed to come here today because 
the Orange County racist fuck-face police 
wouldn ' t let them. I want to get everyone to 
say ' fuck da police! ," The audience com-
plied with Latifah' s command. 

PMRC, and they say that we should not be 
able to make records, they said I shouldn't 
be on this stage, but from me to them, they 
can suck my fuckin' dick. Check it OUL They 
take my record and put a sticker on it that 
says 'Parental Guidance Suggested.' As far 
as I'm concerned, parental guidance is al-
ways suggested. "That's what you get -
you're a motherfucking parent! If you need 

The UCSD Guardian 

a sticker to tell you that, you're a dumb 
motherfucker. 

"Tonight," he continued, "you got a lot 
of different groups - rock groups, rap 
groups , all kinds of groups. People who 
never heard rap, you 're taking a pill. People 
who never heard rock, you're taking a pill . 
Main thing is, we're all getting along to-
gether. As soon as we find out that we' re all 
from Earth - and that's the bottom line, 
we're all earthlings, although I don ' t know 
about some of you all - then we'll get the 
shit together." 

Ian Astbury and Billy Duffy pleasantly 
surprised the crowd when they joined ex-
Sex Pistol Steve Jones onstage. They per-
formed songs by Steve Jones, and one Cult 
song, "Wildflower." 

The concert ended with an amazing per-
fo rmance by veteran rocker Iggy Pop, per-
forming classics such as "Raw Power," in 
addition to a few songs off of his latest 
album. Pop proved that he still has what it 
takes to be a great rock performer, as he 
danced around the stage clad in jeans that he 
teasingly pulled down throughout his per-
fo rmance. 

The "environmental and social" pretense 
of the festival seemed a bit contrived -
although there were booths set up around the 
Amphitheater, few perfonners spoke about 
the issues. But it was worth the price of 
admission to see so many different bands 
performing on the same bill. At the end of 
the 10 hour long concert, Astbury alluded to 
the possibility of making this an annual 
event. 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 9 

'Fantasia' Still a Classic 
which Disney artists used their talents to inter- Now, with all those pieces being performed, 
pret the music in ways that entertain and also this film can be a little overwhelming and long-
surprise the viewer. The surprise comes from winded. In fact it's not surprising to see people 
the different interpretations ofthe artist, which yawning during the picture. My advice is to stick 
did not always coincide with the accepted view it out, even though the beginning segment~ 

By Gregory Waypa of the classical music. "Toccata and Fugue in D Minor," is an abstract 
Staff Writer In the "Nutcracker SUite," none ofthe char- vision of the mu ic and comes off being as bit 

I remember the first time I saw Walt aclers that have come to be associated with the dull. 
Disney's "Fantasia." I was fifteen years old piece are seen, not even the Nutcracker him- The movie gets better as it goes along, par-
and two friends and I sat in the 10th row of the self. Instead, the Disney artists jumped tnto the ticularly the magic of "The Sorcerer's Appren-
theater, psyched and ready for what we thought world of nature bringing forth new and unusual tice," the humor of "Dance of the Hours," and 
was going to be a classic cartoon. Unfortu- characters that dance and pe rform to ends with the best two pieces comparing the 
nately, until that time, my definition of a car- Tchaikovsky 's music. darkness of evil and powerful triumph of good in 
toon hegan with, "a cartoon is something As for "The Pastoral Symphony," which "Night on Bald Mountain" and "Ave Maria." 
starring Bugs Bwmy." Needless to say. I wasn 't Beethoven wrote recalling a visit to the coun- One thing to note though, "Fantasia" is not 
prepared for the "cartoon" that I was about to try, the artist moved the country picnic to the for every age group - in particular, those under 
see. An hour into the picture, the three of us site ofMountOlympus and introduced magical the age often. In fact, when I saw it at a preview 
were uncomfortably asleep. r--------------------:-----;"I screening, at the end of the picture, 

Since then, I have held season 75% of the families with kids had 
tickets to the Hollywood Bowl, left. "Fantasia"hasoneoftwoeffects 
bought the Fantasia Soundtrack on on kids: either they fall dead asleep, 
CD, and developed an appreciation or they get fidgety and bored and 
for classical music. So when the wonder why they aren't at home 
opportunity presented itself for me watching the Teenage Mutant Ninja 
to see "Fantasia" again, I was pre- Turtles. 
pared. J was ready. Yawn. Well, it To celebrate the film's fiftieth 
was a good thing I brought tooth anniversary, Disney restored the 
picks to keep my eyes open. original negatives for its re-release. 

"Fantasia" is a cinematic classic, This has a dramatic effect on the 
and as such, there isn't anything I appearance of the film. When com-
can say that could put it down. Nor pared to the print used during 
do I have any intentions of putting it "Fantasia's" last release in February 
down. "Fantasia" was made to be a 1984, tbenew version looks brighter, 
classic. When Walt Disney started subtle color changes are more no-
work on the mov ie, he began a project ticeabIe, and the film has an appear-
that would combine magnificent 1l1IIoiiiI_ ... IIIiiIII ..... .a.....;;~~:-wff~~~~;;;~;ff.;;;:;;;:;;:;~;t ance of texture. The soundtracks 
animation and stirring classical were also restored, bringing the 
music. Of his work, Walt Disney said, '''Fan- characters from the page quality of the music up to today 's standards. 
tasia' is timeless. It may run 10,20, or 30 years. to the piece. Though "Fantasia" might not appeal to some 
It may run afterI am gone. 'Fantasia' is an idea Each segment of "Fantasia" can stand on its people, it's still a treat to see. Do not wait to see 
in itself. I can never build another 'Fantasia.' own. Originally, Walt Disney wanted to do this one on video, because 1) it will most likely 
I can improve. I can elaborate. That' s all." Paul Dukas' "The Sorcerer's Apprentice" as a never happen, and 2) a small screen will rob the 

The title for "Fantasia" was selected from movie-short substitute to his famous "Silly animation of its magic. And now, with the resto-
2000 entries of a contest held at the Disney Symphonies." When it was discovered that ration of the print and the music, "Fantasia" is a 
Studios. It's a musical term that holds two costs to produce the short had increased to new film for both those seeing it for the first 
meanings: a composition in which the com- threeorfourtimesthenorm,Disneydecided to time, and those who have seen it before . 
poser strayed from the accepted form, and a develop the short into a full length feature. "Fantasia"doesendon a strange note though. 
potpourri of familiar airs. "Fantasia" as a title Thus, with the conducting and creative help After the movie was over and after I yawned and 
best describes what Disney sought to do with Leopold Stokowski, Disney sought to produce wiped the sleep from my eyes, I was surprised to 
animation and music. the marriage of music and animation in a style notice that there wasn ' t any music playing dur-

The movie itself is broken down into seven that surpassed anything that had been seen ing the end credits. How odd. 
cartoon and classical music collaborations in before. 

/ggy POp proves he still has what it takes. 

Michelle 
Shocked per-
formed next , 
joined by Tower 
of Power. 
" They've done 
their best to make 
sure that by the 
time all the tribes 
arrive today 
you're all going to 
look like a bowl 
of mixed nuts," 
Shocked drawled 
in her appealing 
southern accent. 

Appropriately enough, lce-T followed 
Latifah's speech. After the first song Ice-T 
said, "We are one of those groups that are 
being targeted by those motherfuckers th~ Lead singer Chris Comell of Soundgarden flings his hair. 

PUT YOUR 
Ad 

RIGHT HERE. 
UCSD Guardian Advtttising 534·3466 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

ePregnancy Termination 
eGeneral or Local Anesthesia 
eLow Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conception) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
eStudent Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

Q;r;t 
liiliJI.jJ a choice 

. .. Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

NATURAL CREAM", 
4180 Regents Park Row • La Jolla 

587-3680 
.. pu .. "ovember 1880 



10 NEWS 

3 Injured in 
Parking Lot 
Altercation 
8y Kent Korzon 
Senior Sta ff Writer 

A fight in a Third College park-
inglotsenttwomaleUCSDstudents 
to Scripps Memorial Hospital with 
minor injuries Friday night. A group 
of six male non-students from the 
Lo Angeles area were involved, 
UCSD Campus Police Detective 
Sgt. Bob Jones said. 

The incident took place in Lot 
406, at II :30 p.m. Friday, Sept. 28, 
and involved no weapons, Jones 
said. The injured students were taken 
to the hospital by police. 

One student was treated for fa-
cial injuries, and the other for inju-
ries to his face and a cut on his right 
leg. 

According to Jone ,accounts of 
what took place differed. and no 
charges have yet been filed. 

TROUPE 
Continued from page 3 
forms "not because there is any-
thing bad [about western literature) 
but because it has always been the 
model. buttressed by technology, 
economics, and military might. r 
want my students to have every-
thing, to be complete people." 

Troupe said his plans at UCSD 
include sparking "as much interest 
in literature as I can." 

After giving a talk in San Diego 
lastfalJ, Troupe was greeted by Third 
College Provost Cecil Lytle, who 
invited him to consider a position at 
UCSD. Hired through the efforts of 
the Literature Department's Target 
of Opportunity for Diversity Com-
mittee, Troupe's acceptance carne 
late last month. His wife Margaret 
and son Porter will accompany him 
to San Diego. 

"r look forward to the change 
and tocontributingtothe program," 
Troupe said. 

Troupe will supervise a poetry 
workshop (Lit/Writing 102) and a 
personal narrative seminar (Litl 
Writing 120) in Winter Quarter. 

X-COUNTRY 
Continued from page 16 
10 in a field of 150 runners, 
chalking up a sixth place finish in 
18: 17. 

Not too far behind, McFayden 
took 10th in 18 :26 - but both she 
and Conlay were over a minute 
back from unattached winner 
Nancy Ditz's 17:10. 

The remaining Tritons placed 
69th, 79th, and 82nd on the 5000 
meter course, as Karen Longyear 
posted a 19:50, followed by Janice 
Zuckerman, a freshman , in 20:03, 
and Dawn Africano in 20:08, re-
spectively. 

If all goes as planned with 
Conlay and McFayden in the Open 
Division this weekend, Stanforth 
said he will take nine runners, en-
tering the remaining seven a a 
complete team. 

He also explained that he would 
take 14 from the men 'steam,as the 
runners are all too close to separate, 
and he wants to let them compete 
for the seven spots allowed for the 
regional meet a month from now. 

"Nothing we do now matters. 
We' re just gearing for the regional 
meet," Stanforth aid. 

The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, October 10, 1990 

LSAT and GMAT Are You 

• Immediate test results 
! '"'I 

~'H'\'\"' 

Suffering from 
Student Syndrome? 

'ot (\H Ili 
I'IWII\I!I.\,,,,., 

""JI.' ''''', I CALL NOW FOR OUR 
• Analysis of Test Questions ~~~g~~T 452.2273 • Learn Valuable Test-Taking Techniques • Fee of only $25.00 

d , 

) -. . 
....... , 

1'.': 
l , 

--.. 
. . . ~ 

--------------------$25 Exam Includes: consult, complete I 
spinal examination, X-Rays I 

I (if necessary), & report of findings. I L ____________________ ~ 

There must be some way 
to avoid doi~ the same thing 
for the next forty years. 

lIfe's been pretty good so far. You've 
kept movIng- taken all the nght 
steps along the way (for the most 
part). And now you 're ready for the 
bIggest step. 

You'lI be gettIng your degree from 
a top school. You're about to fInd a 
great job. 

The QuestIon IS: whIch JOb? And 
WIll It have the potenltal to Interest 
you for a whole career? 

You've probably heard the story Of 
the Job applIcant who saId he was a 
shOe salesman WIth fIfteen years expe 
nence. "'No:' corrected the recrUIter 
InterviewIng hIm. "'you've r,ad SIX 
months expenence thirty tImes " 

Isn't there some way to keep 
Challenging yourself In new <lnd 

-0: 1990 AnOl!rse" c ooo;.un,rg AA &. Co SC 

different areas? 
Andersen Consul tIng offers you 

the opportunIty to work on a variety 
of prOjects- wIth ClIents In a WIde 
range of Industries. 

We are the leader In helpIng 
organIzations apply mformatlon 
technology to their bUSIness advan 
tage. Every hour of every bUSiness 
day. we Implement a solution to help 
one of our more than 5.000 chent s 
wOllowlde. 

What makes that pOSSible IS the 
Quality of our peopl . And the Quah ty 
of our tralmng We're known for both. 

Because buslnes~ and tech 
nOlogy are ever· changIng. we see 
tralmnp, as a contInuIng process. And 
our $123 mIllIon Center for Profes 

Information Session: 

slonal Educa tIon In 51. Charles. 
illinOIS. ISjustone measure of our 
commitment. We tram you for a 
career no\Just a Job. 

Does the Idea of forty years of 
knOWIng exactly what you'lI be dOIng 
each week scare you? Then don't 
set tle tortM\' Demand challenge 
and vanety. Come talk to us. And 
fInd ou t more about a career "",th 
Andersen ConSulting 

ANDERSEN 
CONSULTING 

Where we KO from here ~M 

Wednesday, October 10, 7:00 p.m. 
Galbraith Hall 

- - - -- -----------~ 

Wednesday, October 10, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 11 

STUDENT REGENT APPLICATIONS 

Available now in the following oHices: 

ASUCSD - Price Center 

College Deans' Office 

Chancellor's Office 

Graduate Student Association Office - Price Center 

Office of Graduate Studies and Research 

School of Medicine - Student Affa irs Office 

Student Affirmative Action Office -
Building 'B - Student Center 

Student Information (EDNA) - Price Center 

University Events & Student Activities - Price Center 

Applications are due in the Chancellor'S Office no 
later than 5:00 pm, Friday, November 2, 1990. 

PERSONAL, 
Help Wanted, and many other ldDcia of IIleIII8PI can be MDt throuIh TIle 
GIUJrdia". Fill out. claMif\ed ad form.tour olllce, upRalnln the old Student 
Center ... or, mail 10 B-Ol8, La Jolla, CA 92098. Any qulllRio ... ? Ca1I5M-6418. 

LA JOLLA PLAYflOUS£ 
Mandell Weiss Center 

Six weeks only! 
October 9 through November 18! 

HALF·PRICE STUDENT RUSH! 

~ 
N • G H T 

by William Shakespeare 
Directed by Des McAnuff 

Malvolio loves Olivia. Orsino 
loves Olivia, too. But Olivia 
loves Cesario. And Viola loves 
Orsino, but she can't do 
anything about it because she's 
disguised as a boy - named, of 
course, Cesario! 

Shakespeare 's delicious comedy 
comes to effervescent new life 
under the direction of Des 
McAnuff. Unrequited love has 
never been so engaging! 

Half·Price Student Rush at All Performances 
Student rush tickets are available at all performances to full·time 

students presenting a valid student ID. Rush tickets go on sale one hour 
prior to curtain. and must be purchased in person at the Box Office. 

limit: 2 rush tickets per valid student ID. 

FOR MORE INFORMATION: (619) 534-3960 
The La Jolla Playhouse Mandell Weiss Theatre is located on the 
UCSD ClUTlpUS at the corner of La Jolla Vitlage Drive and Torrey 
Pines Road. 3 minute$ west of '·5 and 15 minutes north 
of downtown San Diego. 

... Verde'sOfte..o( ..... ~.- BecaUBeIlOW 
sboptJ and ~ ~-' . need 

Costa Center 
and lunch 

is onus! 

you can get everytbinS=_ :; get in one SUJiD:Y ..... , • 
\uDCh in the lUll· 

50 more in centel ~~ise and get a ~ 
$5 00 LunCh Money ce ~ 

• tAl, Stood towatd your ca~ at anyone of 
P thete costa Verde Center 
eateries: 
Ames . ' Pi: and pasta DiMattia s u.a 
Heidi's Frogen Yoz.urt 
u tWokCafe 
nO c....ac Itestaulant Lalona~ 
MclJc)nalds' 
Soup Exchange 
subway . 
sushi Bar Kazuntl 

La Salsa 

COSTA VERDE 
Avenue and La Jolla 

The corner of Gon~ <-'-dtion call 458-9270, Drive. For m ... ,. .. -



,. 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza is still UCSD's finest original 
pizzeria. Tear out the BJ's coupon and 
get your taste buds to BJ's, ForUCSD's 
serious pizza eaters I (9/24-11130) 
50%-90% oH current fashions only at 
Apparel Designer Zone! See our ad in 
today's paper or call the holline at 450-
3323. (9/24-1 0/19) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal 
Copy, Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near St. Germains, 
452-9949. (9/24-11 /30) 
Are you COLOR BLIND? Earn $5lhour 
participating In experiments on human 
color vision. If you are color deficient 
contact Ethan Montag, Psych. Dept. 
534-2999. (1011-10112) 

Writing Help, I've discovered/created 
unique, Fun - yes, Fun! approaches 
for serious projects. Begin 481 -1810. 
(1013-11/30) 

The A,S, Intemship OHice finds intern· 
ships that lead to real careers after 
college! Biology, Environment, Engi-
neering, Economics, Politics, Educa-
tion, Communications, VA, more!! 534· 
4689/ M-F 9 a.m.- 4 p.m., 3rd floor of 
Price Center. (10/5-10112) 

Third College leadership positions now 
available. Apply in the Third Dean's 
Office, Deadline is Oct. 11 . (10/5-10/ 
10) 

ASIO deadlines for winter internships 
are October 19th. They are easy to get 
and look great on your resume! We're 
open M-F, 9 a.m.' 4 p.m., 3rd floor of 
Price Center, 534-4689. (10/5-10112) 

Need Muir College Semiformal sug-
gestions. Express them on Oct. 11 at 
7:00 p.m. in the Sequoia Room. (10/8-
10/11) 
Interested in the mindlbrain? Join the 
Student Cognitive and Neuroscience 
Society 10/10 at CSB 180 at 4:00 p.m. 
(1 0/8-10/10) 

RISC car rally/Kami Fri. , Oct 12 at 6:30 
p.m. in the Rec. Conf, Room, (1 0/8-10/ 
12) 

Scholarships/grants for college are 
available. Millions go unclaimed yearly. 
Call 1-800-334-3881. (1 0/8-11 /14) 
Take a chance ... Be at the Revelle 
Cafeteria Friday, 10112, 8:30 p.m. to 
midnight for Revelle 's Casino Night. 
Only $1 donation. Win great prizes! 
Come on, be a gambler. (10/8-1 0112) 
Mexico, BeaCh, Sun, Volleyball ,Lobster, 
PARTY. Rosarito Beach Fall Fiesta, 
November 16-18. CALL 793-0492. (101 
10-10/17) 

W ....... fOII ..... us 
" The best In ltIJCX~t 

airfares TO IINYWHEllEt 
I. AU. Eural\pnlcs IwJed ON 

THE SPOn 
I. Intcmetlonel Student identity 

<Ardlillued ~, (We even 
take the pictlR I) 

4. ATMOSPHERE. 
S. ~ 89Cnts are tr_1 experts. 
.. WE ME RIGHT ON CM\PUSl 
7. The bat tr_I!je_.nd 

tnMtl suIdcs 1OId~. 
L Hostel CerdlIMued hue. 
t. WOIIOMde IMnlift lOIn. 

,0. lAn9uese end '«IOIk Abroed 
~ ...... 

DOES THAT ANSWD 
YOUR QUlSnON? 

Council Travel 
UCSO P'IIICE CEHTU 

< __ the lnI'orIIIIUon booth) 

451·0630 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertisillg is sold in I5-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, 3 p,m. Monday for Wednesday's issue, and 3 p .m. Wednesday for Friday' s issue. The 
Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to 
companionship ads. For more information call 534-541 6. Mailing address:UCSD Guard-
ian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center 
A, top floor. 

Democrats/Students for Feinstein or-
ganizational meeting Thursday 10111 , 
4 p.m. Price Center Berkeley Room. 
(10/10) 
The Drug War: Fact or Fiction? A re-
vealing evenin9 with Daniel Sheehan, 
chief council , Christic Institute (who won 
Karen Silkwood's court case) . On video, 
Che Cafe, October II , 7 p.m. 
534-2311 . (10/10) 
Application deadline for summer State 
Department internships is Nov. 1. Ap-
plication materials available @ A.J.P. 
x44355 (Amy). 
(1 0/10-10/12) 
Surf Club meeting Thursday 10/11 , 8-9 
p.m., CSB-002. Discuss fall events, 
questions. Call Don 551 -1259. (10/1 0) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student discounts. 558-4644/226-1962. 
(9/24-1 /14 ) 
Senior medical student available to tutor 
you in the sciences. Also available for 
personal advice and help with applying 
to medical school: mock interviews, 
etc ... Call Nick at 453-8850 for more 
info. (1011-10/12) 
Piano lessons - my North County 
studio or in your home. Ear training, 
theory, improvisation, beginners-inter-
mediates, most styles. Steve, 942-8179. 
(10/1-1 0/22) 
WRITING Help from UC-Grad Tutorl 
Writer/Researcher. All projects wel-
come. Productive, Intense! Start Early. 
481-1810. (10/3-11130) 
Papers typed I Quick and aHordable. 
From $21pg. CallLJ Colony Resumes & 
Professional Typin9. 455-8357. Laser 
printing I 60 typestyles to choose from ! 
One day service available. (1015-111 
30) 
Word Processing Services. Excellent 
quality - Reasonable. Call 566-9096. 
(10/8·10/10) 
STUDY ABROAD IN AUSTRALIA. In-
formation on semester, summer, Janu-
ary term, and Internship programs. All 
run for under $6 ,000. Call Curtin Uni-

NEED TUTORING in math , physics, 
or biology? Call Will iam at 534-0797 
or 457-7872. (10/10) 

WORD PROCESSING, 4.0 English 
Skills, term papers, experienced 
dissertations, 7 -day week, rush jobs, 
references 755-2683. 
(10/10-10/29) 

DESKTOP PUBLISHING - Special-
izing in newsletter design, books, 
brochures, invitations, annual reports. 
Pagemaker Training. WRITE IDEA 
594-1080. (1 0/10) 

WORD PROCESSING. Term papers, 
theses. Printed on laser printer. Top 
quality, reasonable rates. Howard, 
(61 9) 274-0957. (1 0110-10/19) 

TYPING: TERM PAPERS, ETC ., 
RUSH JOBS AT NO EXTRA 
CHARGE. 
453-0656. (1 0/3-11 /30) 

-~ 

WANTED 
Research: Healthy women ages 18-
30 . Long , irregular menstrual 
cycles.lnvolves sleeping with light 5 
nights, daily blood drawing one cycle. 
Payment: $10/draw ($350+). Mes-
sage: 552-8585 ex13219 "menstrual 
study: (9/28-10/19) 

Make $! Sell T-shirts to frats. sorori-
ties, clubs, businesses etc ... Flexible 
hours. 566-4861 , (1 013-1 0/10) 

Help Wanted part time weekends 
BLACKJACK, CRAPS dealers for 
Casino parties-will train. 632-0101 . 
(10/5-1 0110) 

Childcare needed in Del Mar 4 :30-
7:00 some days. Own car. 755-6172. 
(1 0/5-10/31 ) 

PIZZA AND PASTA CAFE 
COSTA VERDE CENTER. 8650 Genessee 1312.455-5211 

"Best Pizza overall in the Golden Triangle" 
Metropolitan Mlgazine, Aprtl111110 

Pizza by the Slice 
Pasta 
Lasagna 
Salads 
Desserts 

II' Free Delivery 
II' No Preservatives 
II' Student Discounts 

Teacher: after-school childcare pro-
gram in University City. Afternoons 
$5.75/hr. Contact Sandy, 565-4148 
(1 0/8-1 0/15) 
Non-smoking female. Share room 
$225 plus 1/4 utilities. Call 587-8910, 
leave message. (10/10) 
Attention prospective bands: Are you 
good? Wanlto jam on Fridays in front 
of live audiences? Want to be part of 
UCSD's newest tradition? II so, call 
Pavan at 546-8701 . (1 0/8-1 0/19) 
Wanted: Socially active students in-
terested in becoming Destinations 
Unkown Representatives for the 
Rosarito Beach Fall Fiesta, Novem-
ber 16-18. EnjoyFREEtrips, T-shirts, 
lobster dinners, bonuses and good 
times. Steve 793-0492. (1 0/1 0-101 
15) 
TRADE 2 or 4 tickets for Jane's Ad-
diction. Want Friday night's show, 
have Saturday night's show. Dan 450-
3039 . (10110-1011 5) 
TUTOR WANTED. Math & Chem. 
552-3451. (10/10-10/1 2) 
Small Restaurant, La Jolla Shores by 
the beach , near UCSD. Hiring full or 
part time, kitchen help, cashier, 
friendly place$5-$7/hr, no experience 
necessary, wetrain. Kevin 454-8038. 
(10/ 10) 
Bellowing Madman of a Vocalist 
wanted for thumpin' rock trio. Call 
Gordon 558-2680 ; Alex 558-7107. 
(1 0/10-10/12) 
I need 4 Janes Addict. Tix's. WILL 
PAY $$. Mariana 457-4796. (10/10-
10/12) 
WANTED: 17-30 years old, right-
handed, and a native speaker of En-
glish? YOU can be a subject in our 
brain-wave experiments. $5/hr., 
message for Twyla: 552-9164. (101 
10) 
FAST FUNDRAISING PROGRAM, 
$1 ,000 in just one week. Earn up to 
$1 ,000 for your campus organiza-
tion. Plus a chance at $5000 morel 
This program works! No investment 
needed. Call 1-800-932-0528 Ext. 
SO. (10/10) 

kilkOIJ· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
PRESENT STUDENT 1.0. FOR 10% DISCOUNT 1834 Garnet Avenue 

Not yalid willl fIlY o1her diSCOUM. Limited deUvery area and 1Imas. Minimum order required. 
near Soup Exchange --------------------~ I LARGE Di Mattia's Pizza with Pepperoni, $999 I OPEN 7 DAYS 

I Mushrooml, OIlv", Grit" PepperI, • Oniolll I 483-1852 
L T. out or d81rYery. Must pr8Ml1t coupon. I..iniIId lime 0"11. No!.aid WIth any 0Ihar disc:w1t. • L __________ ..... 
--------------------_ ... 

Wednesday, O ctober 10 , 1990 

Looking forfraternity, sorority or stu-
dent organiztion that would like to 
earn $500-$1 , 000 for a one-week on-
campus marketing project. Organized 
and hard working. Amy or Jeanine 
(800) 592-2121 . (10110) 

Excellent part time jobs! Looking for 
ambitious students to work on an on-
campus marketing project for major 
companies. Must be personable and 
outgoing. Excellent earnings I Jeanine 
or Amy, (800) 592-2121 . (10/10) 

Happy with your present salary? I 
need people who want to make more 
ASAP (61 9) 758-4602. (1 0/1 0·1 1130) 

Telemarketers wanted. Flexible hrs. 
7 a,m ,-11 a,m, or 11 a.m.-3 p.m., 
hourly wage plus commission weekly, 
close to school. Fun environment! If 
you are a motivated person who wants 
the chance to make up to $450 per 
week call now. 566-4569. (10/8-1 01 
19) 

FOR SALE 
Futon and 4-position frame. $100. 
Can deliver. 587-0709. (9/24-101 
12) 

1974 VW Thing. Good condition. 
Runs great. $2950 or best offer, 
457 -7658. (9/28-1 0/10) 

G&S 6'2" surfboard, tri-fin , leash, 
$250. RipCurl full wetsuit, remov-
able sleeves , medium. $75. 552-
1012. (10/1-10/10) 

SURFBOARDS, CUSTOM: $225, 
O 'SHEN SURF. Need a new stick 
for the winter? Work directly with 
the shaperforyourpersonal board. 
All boards professionally glassed 
at Moonlight Glassing. 753-1084. 
(10/1-10110) 

Scooters, Honda Elite '50 and 
Honda Spree with low mileage. Call 
452-2843, (10/5-10/12) 

IBM PC, hard drive, graphics card, 
monitor, mouse , $200. IBM 
Proprinter II, $1 00. Kris, 792-5208. 
(I 0/5-1 0/17) 

Laptop computer, Sharp PC 4502, 
dual drives, internal modem, serial, 
printer, software. $11 OO/obo. Matt, 
558-8022. (10/S-10/12) 

Full size futon, 8 ", with 3-position 
frame. Excellent condition , unused. 
Will deliver - $150/obo. Please 
call 558-0148, eves. after 5:30p.m. 
(1 0/5-1 0117) 

Round oak dining table, 42" diam-
eter with extension leaf. Four oak 
chairs included, well maintained, 
beautiful condition. Light complex-
ion easily included in any decor. 
Asking $35O/obo. Please call 558-
0148, will deliver! (1015-10/17) 

FOR SALE: IBM PC Junior. Color 
terminal , Okidata Microline 92 
printer. MAKE AN OFFER, CALL 
270-9220. (10/5-11/30) 

Sofa/Hide-a-bed (wlfull size mat-
tress) Grey and black, seats 2. 
$70/0bo. Matt 558-6641 (I 0/8-10/ 
12) 

Peugeot racing bike. Avocet cy-
clometer. Good condition. New 
$480, asking $250. Miguel 457-
0976. (10/8-10/19) 

Scooter, 1984 Honda Spree, Hel-
met, Krypton lock Included. 600 
miles, paid registration . $400. Matt 
558-6641. (10/8-10112) 

Full-size bed. Peach blossom 8' 
Futon and solid pine frame. Perfect 
condition. Call 259-9868. (1 0/8-1 01 
10) 

Wednesday, O ctober 10,1990 

Foam Core Futon. Double Size. 
Can help deliver. $65/Besl. 
Karen 259-0860 Msg. (1 0/10) 

1982 Red Toyota Tercel, $900. Au-
tomatic, HatchbaCk. New: Trans-
mission, Brakes, Alternator. AMI 
FM. 457-3202 message. (10/10) 

Full-size Bed. Brand New condition. 
$150.00 ($300 new). Call William at 
534-0797 or 457-7872. (10/10) 

STEREO FOR SALE, rack system, 
lOa-watt amplifier, IUner, 20-band 
graphic equalizer, dual tape deck, 2 
speakers with 15 inch woofers. Ex-
cellent system. $5SO or best offer. 
587-8898. (10/10-10/15) 

H.P. 28S calculator. Like new. Why 
pay $175? Yours for only $1 00. 558-
7338. Leave message. (10/10-10/15) 

R.T. San Die90to Newark. Lv. la/Il l 
90, a.m. Return 10115, p.m. $250. 
Female. 546-1663. (10110-1 0/12) 

TOYOTA 1987 Camry, auto. air, 
AMlFM Cassette, priced at $6,999. 
TOYOTA 1990 Celica, auto. air, 
special sale $11 ,499. More selec-
tions available. 100% financing. 
OAC. Call 693-3705 DLR. (10/10-
10115) 

RICE: Jasamine longgrain, 25 Ib 
for $20, free delivery on campus. 
458-9887. (10/10-10112) 

Guitar, Flying-V with Seymour 
Duncan and case, $100. Amp, 
Crate G -20, $120. Jeff, 558-5745. 
(10110-10/19) 

COMPUTER - IBM XT Turbo 
compatible, 8 MHz, 768K RAM, 21 
MB HD, Two 360K FD, CGA cOlor 
monitor, mouse, clOCk/calendar. 
Software: (word processor, 
spreadsheet, utilities, more) 
manuals, $900, 535-Q5n. (10/10) 

HOUSING 
Room for rent in Mira Mesa apt. 
complex with pool, spa, laundry, 
cable, dishwasher, microwave and 
more. 1 or 2 males needed. $3251 
month plus utilities. Call Chris, 536-
1168. (10/3-10110) 

ROOMATES WANTEDI Fun, 
friendly University City House, 2 
rooms/spacious, fireplace, garden. 
Near UCSDI $370 mo. 459-2935. 
(1013-10/10) 

Own room in spacious University 
home. Share kitchen,laundry, etc. 
Clean , safe, big yard. $320 + ",til. 
Call ASAP. Leslie 455-9580. (101 
3-10/10) 

Female roommate needed to share 
beautifully fumished 2BR, 2 .S BA 
condo near UCSD. All amenities. 
$425 plus 1/2 utilities. Proflgrad 
student preferred. Sharon, eves or 
leave message, 587-6093. (10/5-
10/17) 

Roommate; female non-smoker. 
Available nowl $400 per month, 
deposit negotiable, 1/2 utiUties. 10 
min. to UCSD. Own room wlba, 
great apartment! Call 270-4187. 
(10/8-10119) 

Cardiff duplex, 3BRl2BA, large 
balcony with ocean view, spacious, 
$10501mo. 633-1701. (I 018-1 011 0) 

Non-smoking female. Share room 
$225 + 1/4 utilities. Call 587-8910, 
leave message, (10/10) 

Apartment close to campus. Fe-
male, non-smoker roommate{s) 
wanted. $350 own room, $2501 
share, Call 450-0695. (10/10-101 
15) 

I ' 

Need Christian Graduate roommate. 
$240/month. Own room. Mesa Apts . 
Leave message at 554-0752 or 3951-
A Miramar St. or IRiPS oHice (for 
Abel Galindo) with secretary. (10/10-
10115) 
ROOM - Laundry, Utilities, Kitchen 
privileges - $315 a month. 755-
7230. (10/10) 
For Rent: 3 BR Encinitas Beach 
House, surf close, $1200/mo. Call 
585-9212. (10110-10/15) 
DEL MAR Apartment, Great Loca-
tion , Furnished, One Block from 
Beach, share room, male, $300, 755-
9719. (10/10-10/12) 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: Gold anklet. Call to identify, 
x42487. (9/28-10122) 

The UCSD Guardian 

I!IREWARD III Lost Camera - Lost 
outside GH Thurs. Night 10/4. No 
Questions Asked - Call 452-7001 
Nancy. (10/1 0-1 0115) 

PERSONALS 
Beautiful outdoor dining overlooking 
Torrey Pines golf course ! Tasty, nu· 
tritious cuisine, all you can eat salad 
bar ... Choices 554-FOOD. (20% 
discount w/ UCSD 10). (9/24-11 /30) 
Did you see the Costa Verde FREE 
LUNCH DEAL? When you spend $50 
- anywhere in the mall, (yes even 
groceries at Big Bear) in the month of 
October, you get a $5 lunch FREE! 
(10/5-1 0/19) 
Frankie: Your Mailing Address Said 
95O0 Gilman Drive. I can 't find 9500 
Gilmanl Annette. (10/10) 

G™UCSD UAllDIAN 
"";:00 I ,1/111.1/1 III /I qll 
I 1 , ,011.1 ( \ Ij~n"~ II \It) 

'< 
o 
c: 
c... 
o 
:E 
::J 
' 'V 

Want to Know Where 
Your Liberal Arts Degree 

Can Lead? 
Your bachelors degree, combined with a Master's from the Annenberg School 
for Communication, can take you into a management career in mass media, 

telecommunications, public policy, corporate communication, and more. 
Heres what some recent graduates of Annenberg's M.A. program are doing: 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Paramount Pictures Goldman, Sachs & Co. 
Vice-President, TV Programming Senior Telecommunications Analyst 
Walt Disney Co. The Learning Channel 
Analyst, International TV Marketing Vice President, 
MGM/UA Affiliate Sales & Marketing 
Director, European Sales & Marketing National Cable TV Association 
International Home Video Director, State & Local 
J. Walter Thompson 
Sr. Account Executive 
Price Waterhouse 
Senior Telecommunications Consultant 
Abbeville Press 
New Projects Editor 
Warner Bros. Records 
Coordinator, International Publicity 
Black Entertairunent Television 
Director of Operations and 

Business Development 

Regulatory Issues 
Tribune Broadcasting 
Strategic Planning Analyst 
Pacific Telesis 
Director, Strategic Analysis 
Federal Communications Commission 
Analyst, Legal Affairs 
Capital Cities/ABC 
Research Manager 

American Diabetes Association 
Public Affairs Director 

Your graduate education at the Annenberg School, USC, includes a choice among 30 seminars in 
communications management. Here are some offerings that serve different career interests: 

Law and Public Policy; International Communications; Communications 
Technologies; Diffusion of Innovations; Communication in Organizations· 
Business Strategies of Communication Industries; Media in Social Servic~s; 
Arts and the New Media; Communication Research; Economics of Communication. 

Scores of other courses throughout the University can also be used in completing your seven-course 
program. 

Lo~ Angele~ is a world capital of communications; Annenberg's Career Development Office helps 
you get mter,nships fo~ on-the-job learning. ~upervised internships are also available in Washington , 
D.C. ExtenSive alumru network works in behalf of graduates. 
.....•...••••.••..............................•...•..............................•........................................••.. 

Please send me more information . 

~-" " ' . , .' 
:;;;;, 

N&ne ____________________________________ __ 

Admess ____________________________ __ 

City/State /Zip ___________________________ _ 
-

Currently Attending ___________________________ __ 

MAlL TO: The Annenberg School for Communication 
3502 South Hoover Street, University of Southern California, Lo Angeles, California 90089-0281 



,. 

14 SPORTS 

INTRODUCES UCSD 
uCAMPUS CUTS & STYlESH 

by LORENE 
WOMEN 
MEN 
Hilites & Perms 

$18 
$13 

lincluding Haircut) $45 

3251 HOUDAYCOURT, SUITE 201LAJOUA 4539477 
Above St . Germoines Liquor & Deli • Call for oppoinhnent • 

Queen 4-Way 
Lounger & $14900 
6" Futon- (w~had) 
Come see our variety of frames at the best prices at our showroom 

in Ocean Beach. Coffee and End Tables also al/ailable. 
Visa and Mastercard accepled. 

Tropical Nites rufons 223·3129 
OPEN Monday·Saturday lpm-6pm 4879 Voltaire St. in Oc.n Beach 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
Sc hool of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves da ily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation . 
Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
If interested, call 534-4955 (I ea"e name and numbt>rl 

or ca ll 534-6847. 

Still haven't found it? 

UCSD G uard ian Classifieds. Call 534-5416 for information. 

UCSD FITNESS 
SPECIAL 

./ 

AND ONLY $.20 PI. MONrH 
on 0 monthly basis 

STAIRMASTERS AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS-HOIST 

FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 

UFE CYClES 
REEBOK STEPS 

4 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

BEING-FIT ® 
3968 Clairemont Me$O Blvd. 

Clairemont Squore Shopping Center near lee Ward.-Behind Pot'. Spo<1 

483-9294 
AI", in SOSU area 698· I 702. Presenl lh i. ad and 1.0. 

The UCSD Guardian 

SCORES AND ST A TS 
MEN'S CROSS COUNTRY 

II Sl8nlorcllnv""UorIIII (l1000 mot ... ) 
T...., : 6tnol20teams(187 poInts;win".r 51 pI .. ) 
Individual: ,4S runners. WInner 2. :50 
UCSD: 35. Sam Gwynn 26:33, 38. Man Ringor 
26:35, 42. Stove Fens"r 26:37. 44. Slevo Stuat! 
26:38. 51 Erick Goldman 26:46. 

WOMEN'S CROSS COUNTRV 
01 51onlord Inv",,_ (5000 met .... ) 
T...,: 7th 0120 Itoms (216 points ; winner57 pts.) 

Indlvl~lIII : 150 runners: winner 17. to 
UCSD: 6. MIChelle Conlay 18:17. t o. Denise 
McFayden 18.26, 69. Karen Longyoar 19:50, 79. 
Janice Zucke""an, 82. Dewn Atricano 20:08. 

MEN'S SOCCE" (10-2-1. renQd 61tt nelloneUy) 
UCSD 5 CSU Stanislaus 2 
UCSD goals: Nunlng. West (Hanssen), l egg 
(West). West (ponany kick), Gagnon (limes 
unavai lable) 

WOMEH'SSOCCER( .. '-I ,renQd2nd-.y) 
WOMEN'S VOlLEVBALL (21-1, ' ... _,11) 
WATER POLO (3-17) 

UPCOMING EVENTS 
INTERCOlLEGIATE- HOlE EVENTS IN BOLD 
MEN'S SOCCER 

Todey, 4 p.m., . a. cet Poly Pomona 
FrIcIoy, 1 p.rn. •• . _not. 

WOMEN'S SOCCER 
Todey, 2 p.m, va. cet Poly Pomona 
FrIdey, 3 p.m. VI. W..-t 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 
Tonlgh~ 7 p.m.. VI. PoInt Lo ... _ ..... 
Seturdey, 7 p.m., VI. occ_ 

MEN'S WATER POLO 
Tonlgh~ 7 p.m., VI. CSU Loe Angeles 
Friday. 7 p.m. at UC Irvine 

INTERCOlLEGIATE NOTICES 
SOFTBALL: Open Fail practJco, Monday. Oct. 15 

Ihrough Sal. Nov. 17. Conlacl Head Coach MaUssa 
JarreU, 534-5298, or leave a m_ at 534-42t I 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Regulations: 

'SENI>THE EHTllv OHAN 81 /2"ov I I " SHE£fOf 
PAPEJ; A1.ONO WnH YOUR NAME, YEAR IN SCHOOL.. 
HOMETOWN, COI.J.KiE YOU AT'T»m AT UCSD. N.AJOR. 
AND PHONE NIJ"'U TO SPoRTS EDITOk, UCSD 
GU.....,IAN. 9500 GILMAN DRlVl! 0316, LA JOll.A. 
CA 92093·{)316. You CAN AL<O DIlOf rr OFF IN '!liE 
S PORTS E DrTOk'S .ax AT THE G UAIlDIAN OfFICE, 
LOCATED IN THE SnJOENT CEHTEJl, ACROSS .. ON THE 
GYM. 

·Au. UCSD sruo ...... , ST.w. AND FAC\Jl.TY 
ARE ElJOI8LETO ENTU:, EXCEf't' FOIt GUARI>lA.N STAFF 
r.<&IBERS AND ENPLOYHS OF BJ ' S CtucAoo 1'IzzDJt.. 

-THE PERSON WHO COMES UP wmt: T1a!: MOST 
CORRECT ANSWEIlS. AS DETEkMINED I Y THE 1UDOf.S. 
WlU. BE DECUJtED nm GaAND PRIZE WINNER. AND 
wa..t I E IUiCOONIZED WHEN' THE QUIZ IS PRJNI"ED 1lfE 
ft)U.()WlNO WEEK . IN nm EVENTOF' A TIE, A DRAWINO 
wa..t BE HE1J) 1'0 DETERMINE ntE WINNER. THOSe 
CORRE£T ENTRIES NOT SfL.E(.TED AS 1lfE OItANo PRIZE 
WINNER. WILL BE CONSIDERED IlUNNER$·UP. 

-aNt. Y ONE EN'T1l Y PER PERSON PER QUIZ. ENTRIES 
MtlST BE AT mE G l AROlAN BY 5 P.M. 'fl1ESoAY. 

-THE GRAND PRtZE WINNER. Wll.1. RECEIVE A FREE 
DINN ER FOil TWO AT 8J's CHICAOO P IZZERIA. 
R UNNERS- UP WILL ItECE.lVE A fllEE PrTCHEIl. OF 
MI0fEL08 DRAFr 8EEJl. OIl SODA, AT 81's, LOCATED 
IN LA JOIJ.A V Ill.AClE SQuAJIE. A USTOF ALI. WOOIERS 
Wn.L BE I'O:Sn.D AT 8J' s EACH WEEK AND WINNERS 
NEED TO SHOW loerJ1F1CATJON TO CLAIM PIUZES. 

Join The Faculty Oub! 

Membership in the 
Faculty Club is 

open to all faculty, 
staff and 

graduate students. 
You can 

start your membership 
in the Club for 

as little as $62.00. 
Members pay a 1 time 

initiation fee and 
monthly dues of $12. 

Members enjoy 
• Club charge privileges 

• Weekday breakfast 
and lunch service 

• Friday Happy Hour 
• Special member events 

Call Kelli McCoy 
at 534-1931 

for more informatioA 
or to start 

your membershipl 

Wednesday, October 10, 1990 

M. SOCCER: Satisfaction 
Continued from page 16 
he said he "didn ' t expect to happen 
[in the game)." 

Neither the reserves nor West, 
who had two goals and an assist on 
the day , missed a beat, as the big 
defender continued his offensive 
show, scoring a ~nalty kick with 
three minutes left in the first half. 

In the second half, the Warriors 
managed to find a few holes in the 
Triton defense - which still con-
s is ted mainly of reserves -
sneaking two goals past an un-

usually lenient Brian Siljander. 
Siljander, the Tritons' senior 

goalie, was " nutmegged" on the 
second of the Warriors' goals, as 
the Stanislaus attacker put the ball 
through his legs, and the posts, for 
the score. 

That goal provided sufficient 
motivation for Siljander and the 
Tritons to put the game away for 
good, which they did when Jeff 
Gagnon scored with 12 minutes 
remaining, bringing the score to 
the final margin of 5-2. 

ADVENTURE: Australia 
ContInued from page 15 
the play of Rapp, and Gordon 
McNeill, even though they don ' t 
hail from Division I programs. 

For their pan, the UCSD play-
ers were impressed with the post-
game friendliness of the opposition. 

"The guys on the teams were 
real nice. Once the games were 
over we all had a good time to-

This week's questions: 
1. True or false: The San Diego 
Gulls lost their season opener. 
2. Which track will host this 
year' s Breeders' Cup? 
3, Which team holds the NFL 
record for consecutive road wins? 
4, What jersey number did hockey 
star Bobby Orr wear? 
5, Which college football team 
recently scored on a fifth-down? 
6. How many games are there for 
each team in the MLB regular 
season? 
7. Who was the winning pitcher 
in game three of the NLCS? 
8. Who won the 1990 U.S. Open 
in women's tennis? 
9, What horse won the Triple 
Crown in 1973? 
10. True or false: AU the UCSD 
fall spons teams are currently 
ranked nationally. 

Last week's questions & answers: 
1, Which MLB team does Ken 
Griffey Sr. play for? Mariners 
2. True or false: A Canadian flag 
hangs in the Seanle Kingdome. 
True 
3. Name the Dodger pitcher who 
won 20 games this season. Ramon 
Martinez 

0 

gether, going out to have a few 
beers before going back to our 
hotel," forward Mark Rogers said. 

The summer trip was the first 
that the team has taken since the 
summerof 1987, when players and 
coaches toured Denmark. 

Under NCAA rules, they are 
only allowed one trip every three 
years. 

4. How many minutes are there 
in a half in an NCAA women's 
soccer game? 45 
S, Name the female journalist 
who was recently harrassed in the 
New England Patriots ' locker 
room. Lisa Olson 
6. Who is the Cincinnati Reds' 
staning pitcher for game one of the 
NLCS? Jose Rijo 
7, Which NFL team has nOl 
scored an offensive touchdown in 
the first four weeks this season? 
Pittsburgh 
8. Name the Charger player who 
was recently beaten up off the field. 
Joe Phillips 
9. What was the last year in which 
the Pirates and Reds met in the 
NLCS? 1979 
10. Who leads the UCSD men ' s 
water polo team in goals scored? 
Kevin Vance 

Last week's winner: 
Sloan Ostbye 
Fifth-year, Third Col\ege 
History and Sociology double 
Malibu, CA 
Runners·up: 
David Fond 
Richard Richieri 
Aron Miller 

MAN 
CHAMPIONSHIPS 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

SATURDAY, OCT. 13· 9AM : 
Open & Novice divisions • 

Sign-up deadline-Friday noon • 
Sign up at Canyonview • 

Free T-shirts· first 30 teams : 

MVOI.lIYW_lO : 

Wednesday, October 10, 1990 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

SPORTS FEATURE 

• The UCSD men's basketball team headed to Australia for a 
little international competition, but the Tritons ended up with 
slightly more than they were bargaining for 
By Chris Zaharlas 
Staff Writer 

On a recent six-game tour of Australia and New Zealand, the UCSD men' s basketball team 
soared to new heights - and jumped. 

But the jumping didn ' t just take place on the coun . The Triton entourage, which included . 
players, coaches, and friends, went bunjee jumping from a steel platform suspended 100 feeLm 
the air over the waters of a Sydney harbor. 

Except for three players (two point guards and a leading scorer) who declined to trust their 
lives to an oversize rubberband, the entire team tried the lofty leap, including steadfast military 
man and Head Coach Tom Marshall. 

" It was a great feeling . r did some parachuting in the military, but bunjee jumping is defi-
nit.ely more exciting. The harness of a parachute has a more secure feel to it, but with bunjec 
cords, you ' re going headfirst with just shons, a shin, and the cord around your ankles," 
Marshall said. 

Not all of the spons that the team tried turned out to be so dangerous. The T ritons won five 
of six games, playing five squads fmm the Australian National Basketball League as well as the 
New Zealand national team. 

The NBL teams, the Australian equivalent ofNBA franchises, were each made up of native 
Australian players and the allotted two Americans, who were usually former NCAA Division I 
players not big enough to play their positions in the NBA. 

Most of the games were close, but the real hair rai ser was UCSD 's first game against the 
New Zealand national team, known as the Auckland Basketball Club. 

The final score was 87-86 UCSD, with junior Tim Rapp's 40 points offsett ing what Marshall 
called New Zealand's " American ringers." 

"One of the Americans," he said, "was Joe Turner, a 6 '9" center who played for the Univer-
s ity of Arizona the year they went to the Final Four. And they had a player from Washington 
State and Bowling Green University." 

You might be thinking "Aren' t Arizona, Washington State, and Bowling Green all Div ision I 
schools?" 

Remember, the Tritons ' travelling group included eight returning players from a team that 
last year won 20 games for the fi rst time since, well , s ince concrete replaced eucalyptus on 
c ampus. 

The Tritons' strong showing, aSide from winning games, also may help UCSD players 
wanting to make a career out of basketball. 

According to Marshall , recruiters from A ustral ian and New Zealand leams were impressed with 
See ADVENTURE, Page 14 

Photo Court •• y of the UCSD Men's Basketball Team 

Commerporating 50 years of 

TUt: BATMAN. 
The ~mlc Gallery 

4224 Balboa Ave. 
Son Diego. CA 9211 7 

comer of BalbOa & ClOlramont Dr. 
- Next to Food Basket -
(619) 483-4853 

675-8 N. Broadwav 
Escondido, CA 92025 

Country Ccrner ShoppIng Center 
ot 8roadway '" Washington 

(619) 745-5660 

Cosmetic & Family 
DENTISTRY 
Take Ihe bite oul 

of your denial concerns 

274-BITE 
274~2483 

:Harriet 1. SeMitl , 'D.:M.~. 
CHAMPUS & most 
insurance accepted 
After work I After class 

and Saturday appointmenls 

oU53 Clail'lflOot MIISa "rd, 
(comer of Genesee) 

" t / l/ 

.'YOU'VE 

.ENTHIS P"'~M"'.NG 

1/1 
c1 

ARTWORK 
retumto 
the PrIce 
eNter. 
once. 
Noqu .. tlons 
....... 

Includes' Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service prices reg. $21-$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of StyliSts To Insure faster sel'Vlce, It's 
best to come on weekdays . 

... .,....r' ..... u::oy FOR BEST TIMES 
"-I-rinm ; T-W-T 9-8 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 
MEN -WOMEN 



.. 

I 

" 

SPORTS 
16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, October 10, 1990 

Tritons Finish in Top Third at Stanford 
• Men sixth , women seventh in 20-team field at last 
weekend's Cross Country Invitational 

Steve Fenster came acro s just another 
two seconds behind Ringer in 42nd. 

Junior Steve Stuart posted a 26:38 in 
44th, in what Stanforth called the be trace 
of his career, especially after a bad race the 
previous meet at San Diego State. 

The women have the same type of prob-
lem - but only for their third through fifth 
place runners, as they finished seventh with 
216 points, behind winner Nevada-Reno's 
57, in the 20-team competition. 

By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

For the first time outside of regional and 
national competition, the UCSD men' and 
women's cros country team gained valu-
able experience by taking an extended road 
trip - to the tanford Invitational Ia t 
weekend. 

He wa n't kidding about that lack of 
di parity - at least on the men's side - a 
there wa a grand total of 13 seconds be-
tween the fir t Triton runner to cro s the 
line, and the fifth, and even the non-scoring 
Tritons were bunched. 

Yet another first-year runner rounded 
out the UCSD scoring, as Erick Goldman 
clocked in at 26:46 in 51 st. 

The top two,junior Michelle Conlay and 
senior Denise McFayden, made their break-
throughs quite orne time ago. 

In fact, Stanforth wants to enter them in 
the Open Division of this weekend's meet at 
Cal Poly San Luis Obispo - where they 
finished first and second in theCoUege Di-
vision a year ago - to let them have a shot 
at the big guns. 

Experience \Va nOt all they gained, a the 
teams "ran con i tently for the first time all 
eason," UCSD Head Coach Mark Stanforth 
aid. "There was no major disparity , as ev-

eryone ran well." 

The men were sixth in a field of20 team , 
compri ed of 145 individuals, with 187 
point, compared to winner Sonoma's 51. 

Two fre hmen led the way for UCSD, as 
Sam Gwynn placed 35th in 26:33, and Matt 
Ringer nipped at his heels a mere two sec-
onds back in 38th. 

The group of Tritons, though close to 
each other, were not exactly close to winner 
Mike Stone from Sonoma State, who fin-
ished the 8000 meter course in 24:50. 

"We need one or two of these guys to 
make a breakthrough," Stanforth said. "I'm 
hoping that will happen soon." 

At Stanford, Conlay broke into the top-
See X-COUNTRY, Page 10 

Jarret Stevenson (top) and Marc Melnik 
(bottom) in action Monday vs. Stanislaus. 

Photos by Rlmas UzglrlslGuardian 

Seeing Double: 
Cal Poly Pomona 
• Previews: Men's and women's soccer 
face off with the Broncos this afternoon 
By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

In the first of two soccer doubleheaders this week, the UCSD women 
challenge the Di vision II Broncos at 2 p.m., followed by the men's game 
at 4 p.m. today. 

The women shut out Cal Poly in the last four meetings between the 
teams in the past two seasons, with three wins and a scoreless tie. UCSD 
enters the game 8-1- 1 and on a six-game winning streak, including three 
consecutive 1-0 victories over non-Division ill teams. 

The men also blanked the Broncos, 1-0 and 2-0, in the meetings 
between the teams in the last two years. UCSD (10-2-1) comes fresh off 
Monday's 5-2 win, which was its third in its last four, including a tie. 

Crusader Invasion 
• Preview: W. volleyball VS , PLNC 
By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

In a cros town rivalry in which the Triton lead the series 
14-1, this year's addition to history might be the mo t 
exciting match so far. 

NAIA Point Lorna Nazarene (21-5) comes in as the 
hottest team the top-ranked Triton have faced, having won 
s veral important matches recently, including knocking off 
the number one team in its region. 

Men's Soccer 
Satisfied with 
Warriors' Fall 
• UCSD rolled over former Division III 
rival Cal State Stanislaus 5-2 Monday 
as four different Tritons scored goals 
By John Ruud 
Guardian Reporter 

The music of The Rolling Stones filled the air at the North 
Campus Recreation Area Monday afternoon, as the UCSD 
men's soccer team loosened up before its contest against Cal 
State Stanislaus (CSUS). 

Once Mick Jagger and company were silenced, the Tritons 
proceeded to get some "satisfaction" of their own, defeating the 
Divison II Warriors 5-2 before a small but rambunctious crowd. 

UCSD Head Coach Derek Armstrong expected a tough 
game from the Warriors, who are consistently strong against 
UCSD, though the Tritons defeated them the last time they met 
- 4-2 in the 1988 west regionals, when CSUS was still 
Division III. 

Additionally, the Tritons were without versatile midfielder 
Mike Alberts, who sustained a concussion in Sunday's game at 
Cal State San Bernardino. 

UCSD appeared to be looking at an extremely long afternoon, 
Instead, the starters found themselves working on their tans 

with 15 minutes remaining in the first half, as most of them were 
substituted out once they gained a comfortable 3-0 lead . 

UCSD took control early on, pushing through a timid 
Stanislaus defense. The Tritons virtually camped o.ut in the 
Warrior penalty box, and the constant pressure soon paid 
dividends for the home team. 

Thirteen minutes into the game, freshman Ryan Nutting 
hammered a hard volley into the right side of the net past a 
diving CSUS goalkeeper to give UCSD a 1-0 lead. 

Barely 10 minutes later, Chris Hanssen lofted a cross to 
teammate Sean West, who deposited a header into the right side 
of the goal from five feet out. 

The barrage continued when Triton freshman Kevin Legg 
knocked in a header of his own, with the assist going to West. 
At this point, Armstrong cleared the UCSD bench, something 

See M. SOCCER, Page 14 

Goin' Eagle Huntin' 
• Preview: Polo confronts CSULA 
By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

In what Triton Head Coach Denny Harper terms a "huge 
game for u ," UCSD hosts Cal State Lo Angele in a 7 p.m. 
match at Canyonview tonight. 

The Golden Eagles are one of the Tritons' foe in the 
Western Water Polo As ociation, and thi game could be a 
preview of upcoming champion hip action. 

Earlier this eason, CSULA edged the Triton 9-7 at the 
UC Irvine Tournament. UCSD enters tonight's 7 p.m. home contest at 21-6, with 

the possibility of starting etter Amy Banachowski return-
ing to action after mi ing three mat he with an injury. 

Brien Morrla/Guardian 
Andy Bruce and the Tritons look for win No. 4 today. 

UCSD, after plitting last weekend's games, goe for it 
fourth win of the ea on again t 16 10 ses. 


