
WEEKEND 
EDtll : 
• OPINION 

Mapplethorpe, the NEA, 2 Live 
Crew ... art and music in America 
are on trial these days. Two writers 
examine the pros and cons of the 
NEA funding debate. Another takes 
an in-depth look at the possible 
ramifications of the 2 Live Crew 
trial. Should the government have 
the right to deem art obscene? Do 
Americans need to be protected from 
filth, or are we being blinded by the 
right?IPAGE4 

. -FEATURES 
Students use a myriad of tactics to 

attract each other, including flirting 
and ''lines.'' A student survey 
explores these tactics and concludes 
that their use differs between men and 
women. 

One student, however, sees love 
more as a battlefield, and'keeps 
"S.A.D." as her priority/P AGE 7 

.SPORTS 
The nationally second-ranked 

women's soccer team "upset" 
Division I UC Irvine for the second 
time this season, pulling out a 1-0 win 
in overtime Wednesday at horne. It 
marked the first time in seven games 
that Karin Lindsay, who scOR:d the 
only goal in UCSD's fbst viclOr)' over 
the Anteaters, did not score for the 
Tritons - but she set up 0Iery1 
Parter for the game winner in the 
opening minutes of the first overtime 
period/PAGE 12 

~ HiATUS 
The long-awaited Prencb film 

"Monsieur HUe," directed by Patrice 
Leeonte, starrin, Michel BIIne with 
a musical score by Peter Nyman 
(1M Cook, 1M Thiq. his Wlft. and 
Her Lover), proves there is more to 
cinema than sex and violence. Fans 
of foreign films and/or thriller 
movies will love the film. A detailed 
review appean in HiatNSIP AGE HI 

INDEX ... 
Science News ...................... 2 
Opinion ............. , .................. 4 
Features ............................... 7 
Hiatus ................................ H1 
Sports ................................ 12 

Co-ops Ready 
To Sign Lease 
By Mary Betty Heard 
Associate News Editor 

After over two years of deliberation and countless failed 
leases, the UCSD co-ops may sign a lease with the University 
Center Board (UCB) 00 Monday . 

The UCB meeting, which is open to the public, will be held 
Monday night at 5:30 p.m. in the Student Leadership Chambers 
on the third floor of the Price Center. 

The basic framework of the new lease, according to UCB 
Chair Nick Long, is the same as old proposed leases, with certain 
changes. For example, the lease proposed on Feb. 12 stated that 
the co-ops would provide their own keys for their doors. 

'''The difference [between previous leases and the new one] 
was that the February 12 specified a 'key clause' which left the 
lock in the co-ops' hands, with strict rules," said Steven Dubbs, 
co-op representative to the UCB. 

'''The June 4 lease took that clause out and said that the 'key 
clause' should go to arbitration. The administration said "no," 
Dubbs said. 

Instead of dealing with the key debate, the clause has been 
omittedfrom the new lease. 

'''The reason forthat is it's now covered in the section on policy 
procedures," Long said 

According to both Long and Dubbs, the lease tales that the 
co-ops mu t follow university procedure, which refers to the use 
of university locks on the doors among other policies. 

Focxi Co-op member Greg Coleman said that the key clause 
"has become a non-issue, like a land-mine, and we never know 
when we're going to step on it." 

Both Coleman and Dubbs cited an incident which occurred 
over this summer, in which the administration changed the lock 
on co-op doors. 

' 'Groundwork. Books ... changed the locks back. The ad-
ministration re-changedthem again. Someco-opsfelttheydidn't 
have the numbers or the ability to oppose this change ... it would 
have involved court time [and] processes sometimes go on for 
over a year," Dubb said 

Dubb said that unless there is a breach of security due to the 
university locks, the co-ops probably will not change them back. 

'''The two reasons we're concerned about the key issue is 
security and autonomy," Dubb said 

The duration of the lease was also changed. 
"00 both prior leases [Februaty 12 andJtme 4], it was a three-

year lease with two-year renewals. The new lease has one-year 
renewals. The official reason was that since all other student 
organizations' space allocation leases came up yearly , [so would 
ours]. They think they're just being consistent," Dubbs said 

By setting the key precedent and by also stating that the co-
ops could only have a one-year lease, the university could be 
content with the tenns of the lease and leave it completely in the 
UCB's hands, Long said. 

"Another decision made over the swnmer was that the 
administration no longer wanted to be a part of the lease process. 
Nowthatthekeyis uehasbeensettledforthem,[theagreement] 
should be between the UCB and the co-ops. The administration 
no longer has a signature on the lease," Dubbs said. 

' ''Theleaseisnolongertobe ignedbythe[UniversityCenter 
Director] Jim Carruthers. It will be signed by me and by the UCB 
Vice Chair Paul Eykamp, and of course by the co-ops," Long 

See CO~OPS, page 9 

Rlmas Uzglrls/Guardian 
Pipe Dreams - The site of a new lUXUry Ritz-Carlton hotel to be 
built across North Torrey Pines Rd. (see story below), seen 
through a large water pipe. 

A.S. General Fund Being 
Depleted, VP Finance Says 
By Anton Bittner 
Senior Staff Writer 

A reduced general allocated fund 
paired with excessive spending have 
depleted the fund to less than 80 percent 
three weeks into Fall Quarter, according 
to A.S. Vice President-Finance Sergio 
Langarica. 

Langarica said that the original 
amountofgeneral unallocated was about 
half of what was available last year, 
while spending (eQuests continue at a 
nearly constant rate. 

' 'Last year we could afford to spend 
this money," Langaricasaid, " [but] we 
can't be as loose as we were last year." 

To illustratethealanningrateatwhich 
money is being spent, Langarica pointed 
out that the 80 percent existing in gen-
eral unallocated is the only money that 
A.S. has to spend until the fifth week of 
Spring Quarter. 

A major theme introduced by 
Langarica during council debates re-

garding the allocation of money has been 
whether or not the money i pent on 
items that are nece ary. 

"We need to cut a comer here and 
there," Langarica said, explaining some 
council actions, such as eliminating 
funding for one of the two Women's 
Resource Center delegates to a UC 
women's conference. 

The council also approved subsidiz-
ing half the cost of student tickets for 
performances to the upcoming "Cultural 
Diversity in America Theater," instead 
of fully subsidizing the tickets. 

These cuts don't seem to be enough, 
however, said Aimee Dumas, Revelle 
College senior senator and a member of 
the finance committee. 

"Everything that comes before us i a 
gocxi idea, theoretically," Dumas said, 
but there are too many requests. 

Paul Wilcox, Fifth College junior 
senator and a member of the finance 

See FUND, page 9 

UC-Owned Land Will House New Luxury Hotel 
By Phil Gruen 
Senior Staff Writer 

Ritz-Carlton, a hotel chain with an intema-
tionally-reknownedreputation, will buildaresort 
on UCSD property in the near future. 

Construction is underway on the $60 million, 
210-room Ritz-Carlton La Jolla luxwy hotel, 
west of UCSD on North Torrey Pines Road. 

The hotel, whose pecific ite was initially 
earmarked in the 1985 Blackhorse Farms and 
Centre plan, will be built on 9.65 acres of uni-
versity-owned land adjacent to the Blackh rse 
Fann townhousedevelopmentandju tsouthof 
the Salk In titute. 

The project i currently lated for completion 
inearly 1992,acc rdingtoJohnO'Brien,oneof 
the partners of the developers, Holmes O'Brien. 

See HOTEL, page 3 

Jeff QuanlGuardian 
An artist's rendering of what the Ritz-Carlton La Jolla Conference Resort will look 
like when completed. UCSD will receive $450, 000 per year in lease payments. 



2 NEWS 

N SCIENCE ==-L EWs=wr 
SCIENTIFIC & MEDICAL UPDATES 

Scripps Geophysics Professor 
Awarded Italian "Nobel Prize" 

J. Freeman Gilbert, a professor of Geopbysics at Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography, has been awarded the 1990 
Balzan Prize from the International Balzan Foundation of 
Milano, Italy. The Balzan 
Prize is widely considered 
the Nobel Prize for fields 
notrepresented in the Nobel 
awards. 

The prize con ists of a 
$230,000 award and a 
commendation, which will 
be presented by the presi-
dent of1taly at the Nov. 16 
award ceremony in Rome. 

Gilbert, 59, was 
awarded the prize for his 
contributions to solid earth geophysics, which have provided 
insight into the structure of the Earth's interior, and for his 
leadership role in establishing international networks of 
seismic instruments. 

Gilbert joined the Scripps faculty in 1961, and is cur-
rentlychairman of the institution's Graduate Studies Depan-
memo He served for many years as associate director of 
UCSO' branch of the University of Califomia's statewide 
Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics. His own 
research focuses on the oscillation of the Earth following 
earthquakes and how these signals can be utilized to deter-
mine the density and elastic constants in the Earth's interior. 

"Professor Gilbert' scontributions to geophysics and seis-
mic data analysis have led 10 the most accurate present 
knowledge of the earth's interior," said Dr. Edward A. 
Frieman, Scripps Institutiondirector. "This recognition from 
the Balzan Foundation serves as funher evidence of the 
important role his mathematical theories have played in 
allowing earth scientists worldwide 10 interpret a very broad 
class of geophysical phenomena." 

The Balzan Foimdation was established in 1956 for the 
purpose of recognizing the most deserving humanitarian and 
cultural work throughout the world. Past winners of the 
Balzan Prize include Pope 10hn XXIll, composer. Paul 

The UCSD Guardian 

Hindemith, author Jose Luis Borges, and MotherTeresa 
di Calcutta. Gilbert is the second UCSD professor to be 
given Ihe prize; Dr. Roger Revelle received it in 1986. 
Next Week's Science Seminars 

The Departments of Chemistry and Physics are 
sponsoring several seminars next week: 

Mondayat2:00p.m., Or. Jeffrey Mandula will speak 
on "'The GIuon's Share of the Proton's Spin" at 4322 
Mayer HaU. 

Monday at4:00 p.m., ProfessorPrzemyslaw Maslak 
will speak on "Mesolytic Cleavage of Carbon-Carbon 
Bonds" at CSB 002. 

Also Monday at 4:00 p.m., Dr. Torkillensen will 
speak 00 "Basics of Tearing Modes" at 4322 Mayer .. 

Tuesday at 4:00 p.m., Dr. S. Michael Fall will speak 
on "Origin of Globular Clusters: Recent Theoretical 
Developments" at 4322 Mayer. 

Also Tuesday at 4:00 p.m., Dr. Dan Auerback will 
speak on "Molecular Beam Studies at Dissociative 
Chemisorption" at 2102 Urey Hall. 

Wednesday at 2:00 p.m., Dr. David Montano will 
give a lecrure on "New Methods in 2-D Quantum 
Gravity" at 4322Mayer.1ben, at4:00p.m., Dr. Shufeng 
Zhang will speak on "Giant MagnetoresislanceofFe-Cr 
Superlattices . 

Thursday at 12:00 p.m., Dr. Gary K. Ackers will 
speak on 'The Molecular Code for Cooperativity 
Switching in Human Hemoglobin" at the CMG Lecture 
Room in the Molecular Genetics Center. 

Thursday at 4:00 p.m., Dr. Cherry Ann Murray will 
speak on "Video Microscopy of Collodial Ctystals" at 
USB 2622. 

Friday at 4:00 p.m., Professor Gregory Robinson 
will speak on "New Concepts of Structure and Bonding 
in Organoaluminum Chemistry" at 103 Peterson Hall . 

Church Will Sponsor Symposium 
On Environmental Ballot Issues 

The Environmental Stewardship Group of the La 
101la Presbyterian Church is sponsoring an environ-
mental symposium at 7:00p.m. Thursday. October 25, 
in the Kirk House at the comer of Kline and Draper in 
La Jolla. 

Representatives forandagainst several envirorunental 
ballot issues will speak at the symposium, Including 
Proposition 128, "Big Green," and two alternative pro-
Posals: Proposition 135, dealing with food safety, and 
Proposition 138, whicb would limit timber harvesting. 

"All of the forces will be gatbered in one room. We 
expect that voters wboattend will find help in c1arifying 
their positions for the November election." 

.The temperatures for Friday, 
Saturday, and Sunday 
in San Diego County: 

PAC I F 
o C e A 

Source: Wilbur Shigehara, 
National Weather Services 
Mel Marcelo/Guardian 

------_ .. --,---
Saturday and 
Sunday 

Average temperature for 
sea/air is 67 degrees. 
Surf is fair in form with great 
visibility (10-25 feet) for diving. 
Surf Period Swell 
(Feet) (Secs.) Direction 
1-2 5-7 w 

Surfing conditions: 
FAIR TO GOOD 

Friday, October 19,1990 

Complied by Kent Korzon, Senior Staff Writer 
October 11: 
4:44p.m.: Asrudent reported thc theftofkeys andsunglasscs 
from an unattended backpack at the Food Co-op. Loss: 
$105. 
5:51 p .m. : A 1990 Honda Accord collided with a 1969 
Peugeot in Lot 104. 

October 12: 
12:00 p .m .: A naked male jogger was rCJXlrted on La 10lla 
Shores Beach. 
6:15 p .m.: A 1986 Toyota pickup was stolen from Gilman 
Drive. Loss: $4,000. 

October 13: 
12:40 a .m.: Officers impounded a pellet rine from a Third 
College Apartment. 
1 0:30 a m .: A siaff memberreJXlrted the theft of a purse from 
Peterson Hall. Loss: $89. 
October 14: 
9:45 a.m.: A female residenl at the La ]olla Del Sol 
Apartments reported being banered in a domestic dispute. 
The victim was provided with emergency housing. No 
charges have yet been filed against the suspect, but policc 
say they will file acase with the San Diego District A ttomey. 
4:oo p.m.: A female student reported receiving obscene 
phone calls at Argo Hall. 
6:25 p.m.: SDPD recovered the 1986 Toyota pickup stolen 
from Gilman Drive on Oct. 12. 

October IS: 
2:20 p.m. : A pedestrian and a bicyclist collided on Old 
Miramar Road. The pedestrian was takett toScripps Memorial 
Hospital with a cut and bump on the back of his head, and 
scrapes to his left knee and clbow. The bicyclist was taken 
to Student Health with scrapes to his right knee and elbow. 
6:30 p.m.: A 1989 Toyota pickup was stolen from Lot 104. 

October 17: 
4:30 a .m .: A female student reported having severe 
abdominal pains at the Warren Apanments. She was 
transJXlrted to Scripps Memorial Hospital by a roommate. 
10:oo a .m.: A female UCSD employee reported being 
harassed by an uttidentified male. She reJXlrted topolice that 
the suspect has come to the School of Medicine, where she 
works, to stare at her almost daily for a month. He was gone 
when JXllice arrived. 
4:00p.m .: An unknown suspect pushed a staff member at 
the Manhews Campus tennis courts. During a dispute over 
tennis court reservations, thc victim allegedly sat on the 
court and refused to move. The suspect allegedly then tried 
to drag the victim off the court. 

GUASK.)IAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, Managing Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, Auoclate Sports Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, SpoI1s Editor 
JAMES COWER, Design Editor 
REBEKAH DENN, Auoclate News Editor 
GREG DIXON, Auoclate Opinion Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MEUNDA HAMil. TON, Associate NawtI Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, AssocIate NawtI Editor 
LARA HEISLER, A.socJete Arts Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, Associate Arts Editor 
PETER KO, AssocIate SpoI1s Editor 
JENNIFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Aaoc .. Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, ArtsIEntertainment Editor 
MEL MARCELO, ~te GnIpIIIcs Editor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, Associate ~ Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AssocIate Photo Editor 
JUUE PUZON, FeeIJJtes Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Editor 
JASON SNELL, NawtI Edttor 
RIMAS UZGlRIS, Photo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, Maocl8te Fellturefl Editor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, ArfsIEntertalnment Editor 

BOB DeANDREA, Bual,.,.ss Menager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Adv",'s'ng Manager 
MtKE MARnNEZ, Advert'.'ng o.sl(Jner 
E. LEIGH HENRY, ClassffltKJ Repr ... ntBtlve 
_1Ilng RoprowUtlvo: Do<lg ShaddIt 
_1Ilng ___ : L06'V1t Bt~II. O.."eI caM.lloMa MllkUCl1. Paolo Val_ 
e_Ion: Kai s Wang. Jot LM 
IIIoUCSO ~'''-Mondor. Wednosdays . .... Fndoyo dI.mg 1hI_ )Utili .... 1ot"'_111 ~ ucso 1\opIoc1IaC)/\~ 1hI_~ rnrfctm. _ ~ _ .. i1 pot._ pofm""', "<llrpollliied .• '990.01 ngIU __ IIIoUCSD_ II not_lie b ... 
"""n"_"""'*"l1bOlIWl Tho ..... JP'.....t~II''''"'''.ndl'llflOd_ .. _ 
_do .... '**""'I_IhI_" Tho VCSD"""""' ... ~~c.Norrna. .. lit 
_ SUIorIo. '" Poon. QOf1Q pIKa 

EciIoriaI: 534-6S11O, ......... 0fIice: 53.&·:w66, FClJC 53.&·7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Friday, October 19, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Run to Raise$40K for Cancer Center 
By Chris Haddock 
Guardian Reporter 

Mandeville Auditorium, and the Sun 
God. 

affected by the disease;' said fraternity 
member Greg Solomon, who orga-
nized the event last year after a family 
member died of the disease. 

AfWl run through the UCS Dcam· 
pusearly tomonuw morning will raise 
an estimated $4{),OOO for the UCSO 
Cancer Research Center. 

The econd annual San DiegoSun 
Run, sponsored by UCSO'sPhi Delta 
Thetafratemity,includesa5-\cilometer 
walk, a 5-kilometer run, and a 20-
kilometer four-person relay. 1,200 
people are registered to participate. 

"Student participation last year 
made the event and we are hoping that 
we will have an even beller tum out 
this year," said Craig Sneiderman,Phi 
Delta Theta vice president. 

The bulk of the funds raised will 
comefromthe$15 entry fees charged 
forindividual participantsandthe$l50 
relay team entry fee.Studentandmili-
tary teams pay a $75 entry fee. 

Phi Delta TIleta President Mark 
Suster said he thinks the run will be 
one of the biggest events on campus. Entry forms can be filled out at the 

La Jollabranch ofFirstlnterstateBank 
until 5 p.m. tonight. Others interested 
in enteringmaycall Breaking 40 Race 
Consultants at 272-8316. 

TIle run and relay begins at 7:30 
a.m. in campus parking lot 351 ,across 
from theThirdCoI lege residence halls. 
The walk begins at 7:45 a.m. in the 
same 101. 

In addition to the money which is 
donatedtotheCancerRcsearchCenter, 
the race benefits UCSD by increasing 
campus recognition, according to 
Sustel'. "[Lasl year's event was the] 
nation's second largest Greek charity 
event," he said. 

Partici pants may also register from 
6 a.m. to 7: IS a.m. on the day of the 
race. Entry fees are increased to $18 
for individual participants, $162 for 
relay teams, and $87 for student and 
military teams. 

The race course will wind around 
the campus, passing Central Library, 
Warren CoUege, the Price Center, 

The fraternity chose to benefit the 
UC cancer center because "so many 
of the people we know have been 

HOTEL: Resort Will Be on UC Property 
Continued from page 1 
The hotel officially broke ground in April 1990. 

A giant hole currently exists at the site, covering the 
former location of the La 1011a Farms riding stables which 
wasc10sed by the university in 1981. UCS D leased the plot 
of land to Holmes O'Brien and another developer, the 
Rag hipGroup,at$450,<XX>peryearfor55years.O'Brien 
confinned that the university wi 11 also receive a percentage 
of the hotel's gross annual income. After that point, what 
the wuversiry decides to do with the land is "up to the 
lllliversity," according to O'Brien. 

Nancy Kossan, UCSO's director of Real Estate Devel-
opment, said that the money the lllliversity receives will be 
"put back to support the mission of the university," and:hat 
she "was told that by [Vice Chancellor of Administration 
V. Wayne Kennedy]." Kossan could not elaborate on the 
statement. 

Neither Kennedy nor Chancellor Richard Atkinson, 
who were both anending yesterday 's UC Regents meeting 
at UC San Francisco, were avrulable for corrunent. 

The construction of the Ritz-Carlton makes it the fifth 
full-service hotel in the area surrounding the UCSD cam-
pus to the west, east, and south. Though both the Embassy 
Suites and Marrion Hotel have been in operation for some 
time now, the 400-room Sheraton Grande Torrey Pines, 
adjacenttotheTorreyPinesGolfCourse,andthe400-room 
Hyatt Regency at Aventine are recent additions to a city 
already dropping below the national average in hotel 
occupancy rate, according toa report intheSanDiego Union 
on Oct. 11. 

Though he did not mention any pressing need for the 
hotel, O'Brien did point out that, overalI, "the conference 
market in this area is. vety strong." 

San Diego City Senior Planner Bob Korch, who is 
connected to the planning aspect of the project, expressed 
some concern about the dwindling hotel occupancy rate 
and suggested that perhaps the city was expecting large 
events such as the Republican National Convention, 
baseball's All-Star Game, or another Super Bowl in the 
near future. Korch explained that events such as these 
generally attract a number of people to the area, creating a 
need for additional hotel and conference room space. 

Thecompletedprojectisalsoexpectedtocre<lteincreased 
amoWlts of traffic, according to La lolla Community 
Planner Brian Gater. 

"We're very concerned about [the possible traffic in-
crease],"Gatersaid. 'There's a traffic study going on right 
now, and we're in the process of updating our La Jolla 
Community Plan." 

A trJffic light, whicl. IS not yet in opet"Jri n. has been 
installedat the comer of North Torrey Pines Road and Sal\.. 
rnstitute Road, west of the outer reaches of the Third 
College parking lots. 

The land, which include the Blackhorse townhouses 
IUldsome of the surrounding La JoUaFanns area inc1uding 
the chancellor's residence, was originally purchased by the 
UC Regents in 1967. ln 198 1, UCSO proposed the hotel 
ite and adjacent land and earned city approval after some 

revisions. The Blackhorse Farms development - which 
includes 121 units-wa~leasedbytheRagshipCompany 
in 1986, with construction finishing in 1988. Nearly all of 
the townhouses, which r.mge in price from $450,000 to 
$600,000 each, have been sold. 

DavidFremont,presidcntofUCSO'sGraduateStudem 
Association and a student representalive on the Campus 
Community Planning Committee, cited the university's 
negligence in leasing the 1.U\d toprivatecompanie . rJther 
than reserving it for ~t udcnt or faculty housing. 

'There isnoreason [tll<!si tel couldn' t have beenust.-d for 
student or faculty h uSlJ1g," Fremont said. "It is a poor!) 
managed profit-making venture [being carried out by the 
university] ." 

Rlmas UzglrlsJGuardian 
The future site of the Ritz-Carlton La Jolla 
Conference Resort, on North Torrey Pines Rd. 

Campus Commllllity Planner Milton Phegley said that 
even though the Blackhorse townhouses are on university 
land, "very few people in connection with the university 
actually live there." 

Fremont said that the only way students could benefit 
from the building of a hoteVconference center on lllliver-
sity property is that the existing conference roorns in the 
University Center would become more readily available. 

The Ritz-Carlton's design will be similar in style to the 
existing Blackhorse townhouses, which were completed 
in 1988.1be hotel, whose principal architect is CYP of 
Irvine, will sport a "refined Mediterranean" style, which 
will not be like "the cheaper Mediterraneanstuff you might 
see," according to O'Brien. The finished hotel will feature 
hand-finished stucco buildings, wood-casement windows, 
and red·tiled roofs in a small-scale setting. The design 
architect for .the project is Wimberly Allison Tong & Goo 
of Newport Beach. 

1be hotel, whose rooms will cost approximately $180 
per night, will also include 10 suites, a 7,500 square-foot 
ballroom, a state-of-the-art fitness center, a swimming 
pool, three tennis courts, a variety of restaurants, and over 
10,000 square feet of conference pace. Fonnally known 
3.' tht: Ritz-Carlton La JolJa Confelcnce R~on. the hotel 
Will inc1ude4. squan:feetofmectinglUldsupportspace 
in addition to three meeting "casita! " - residential scale 

building~ - which will provide gue IS with mdividual 
hot.el rooms and private meeting rooms. 'The hotel will also 
featuretwoboarclrooms with mahogany conference tabl~ 
and leather chairs. 

Each oversized guest room and suite will offer marble 
bathrooms, a fully-stocked mini bar with refrigerator, 
remote-controlledcolortelevision, personal safety-deposit 
boxes, plush terry bathrobes,anda thirdmulti-linetelephone. 
Other trddemarlc Ritz-Carlton services win include 24-
hour room service and valet, twice-daily housekeeping, 
and for guests desiring more privacy. The Ritz-Carhon 
Club - conlplete with private liv ing room and compli-
mentary food and drink. 

The Ritz-Carlton development is ownedby Conference 
Resort Investment Partnership with Chiemori La Jolla as 
managing partner wilh a majori ty interest. FWlding for 
onstru ti n will be provided by a J.lpanesc bank. 

The Ritz-C.'lflton Hotel Company operate vcr IS 
hotels nationwide, including one recently opened in Ma-
rina del Rey. 

CB~ C[]py 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 

VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
PROFESSORS NOTES 

Book Binding 
Copies while you wait 

FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

NEWS 3 

3211 Holiday Ct. (next to Domino's Pizza) • 452-9949 
M-F 8:30·6 p.m. [, 11 '" 90 Sat. 1·4 p.m. 

452· 
UCSD 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Any armchair quarlerback 

PEPPERONI PIZZA FEAST ~ni:';;~a~~~~~S~~}llan 
T Meet our number. You'll have a One Medium OR wo ium hot and fresh pizza from 

ORIGINAL ORlGl ALS Domino's Pizza® in 30 

$ minutes or less. Without $7.99 r~;: 11.99 r1;:' leavin/l the comfort of your hving room. 
One Medium D.Jmino·s ORIGIML Pepperoni Pizza CALL US! 
Fmt,loaded with extra Peppcrmu and extl"d Cheese for 452-UCSO 

.ONLY 57.99 plus tax or gelt\\ o for just S4.00 more, FAX 452-2230 
ONLY 511.99, plus lax. Offl!r gl xl on Delivery 3211 Holiday CI. 
or Carryou!. JUST ASK! II 

1\ot v,.lki .... Ilh 1\1'" ot"~r 1Jf(~'1 • 
Unul\.'d d(:)iVtrv ,Utol io enJur~ MIt \lr' '"U\3 • 
Our dm cf' ci' ' I INnS:xJ • . 
c')'p'rn 11/181 : 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - -.:.. IT'STlMERlROOMINO'SPlZlA~ 



40PINIO 

• Should speech, art, 
or music be restricted 
in any way? 

Michelle Con lay 
Third Senior 
Bio-Chemistry 
No, they shouldn't be restricted 
because of the constitution, but 
people should have a little bit of 
class and common decency 
when in the public eye. 

Susan Slaughter 
Warren Senior 
Bio-Chemistry 
No, I think some forms of 
expression cannot be 
suppressed. Any forms which 
are repressed are usually 
vented out in a negative way. 

Orlando Guiterrez 
Revelle Senior 
History 
No, it's a right fundamental to 
our constitution to be able to 
speak freely. A right that makes 
this wonderful country what it is. 

Damlon Coleman 
Revelle Freshman 
Mech. Engineering 
Nobody has the right to tell us 
what we can or cannot listen to, 
or what we can say, or whal 
kind or art we can create. When 
restrictions are put on these 
things, our cons~tutional rights 
are being infringed upon. 

Steve Gevino/Guardian 

OPINION 
The UCSD Guardian Friday, October 19, 1990 

NEA CENSORSHIP: PRO & CON 

BLINDED BY THE 

• PRO: Jesse Helms has the right 
idea about censorship of the arts 
By Zachary B.erman 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

One of the main purposes of the Con-
gre s i the appropriation of funds. It's 
Wlinen in their blood, not to mention the 
ConstilUtion. Unfonunately, there has al-
way been a problem with elected officials 
deciding how funds hould bespent ... offi-
cials are elected. A fine example of this is 
Jesse Helms. 

Let us assume for the moment that Pete 
Wilson, with all hi power on the Hill, was 
able to pass a law that forever guaranteed a 
woman the right to an abonion. 

Because California is such a pro-choice 
state, he would be a hero. Everyone would say 
what a good job he is doing repre enting the 
v iews of the state. No longer would he have to 
con tantly prove he is more pro-choice than 
Diane Fein tein. All he would have to do is 

• CON: The art community needs 
freedom, not government control 
By Christina Huizar 
Staff Writer 

The Hou!>e of Representatives has de-
Cided to renew the National Endowment for 
the Ans (NEA) contract. It halo been decided 
by riminal ourt Judge David Albanese in 
Ci ncmnatl. that Roben Mappelthorpe's pho-
tographs are not obscene; they are indeed an. 
Yet :.ti11, a "cool breeze" runs through the 
nation. 

Je se Helms wiU continue to scream allhe 
Senate when the NEA re-authorization ini-
tiative comes to him in Congress, before it 
becomes final . Until Helms wins his state's 
re-election, he will not quiet down. 

Helms has a very clear record of sprouting 
up every :.ix years (the senatorial tcrm), 
latching onto a controversial topic and not 
lening go until hiS conservative-dominated 
:.tate, North Carolina, elects him ill for an-

point to his record and the i ue would be 
settled. 

But in the South, where everyone is pro-
life, Wilson would be a villain. He would be 
hated by most. Pictures of him would be 
circulated around as the man who legalized 
the killing of innocent life. The mere men-
tion of his name would bring shivers down 
the spine of Southern voters, an example of 
a tyrant who has legislated his morals on all 
of America. 

I chose abortion as an example because it 
is not only an emotional issue, but one which 

See PRO, Page 5 

Photo IliustraUon by James Collier/Guardian 

other term. 
Helms will continue to make an incred-

ibly big deal out of nothing. He will persist 
in putting forth fear in the mi nds of the mild 
conservative of a nation awash with homo-
sexuality, immorality, and atheism. 

"Your tax dollars are paying for this 
blasphemous trash," Helms ay . It · more 
like taxpayer's cents. Each tax-paying ci ti-
zen contributes a grand lotal of 64 cents 
annually. 

That's quitea sum tn get all ri led up 
about. I realize Ihat, nonctheless, some be-

See CON, Page 5 

Friday, October 19,1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

2 Live Crew Bas 
• Case involving rappers 
could go all the way to the 

ng is Too Extreme 
Supreme Court 
By Phil Gruen 
Slaff Writer 

This is getting out of hand. 
Before I delve into a sea of attempted reasonings and 

explanations, I will state my stance outright: As Nasty as 
They Wanna Be, the controversial 1989 album from the 
rap group 2 Live Crew, should not be censored. 

Theongoingcontroversy surrounding this album could 
very well reach the Supreme Court in the near future, and 
when and ifitdoes, the Court would be wise to reverse the 
various censorship decisions that have been handed down 
since the album's release. 

Mel MIlrcelo/Guardian 

a patently offensive way, sexual conduct specifically de-
fined by the applicable state law. And finally, does the 
work, taken as a whole, lack any serious literary, anistic, 
political, or scientific value? 

In effect, the Miller case only served to establish that the 
Supreme Court could not come to any solid conclusions 
governing United States obscenity laws. 

lbis essentially set the proverbial table for stubborn, 
Bible-thumping Southern conservatives to throw their ~ 
flags and penalize the 2 Live Crew for creating an unpleas-
ant nuisance in their SO<alled pristine communities. Be-
cause of Miller, the 2 Live Crew may not have a whole lot 
of ground to stand on - and this is where the great tragedy 
lies. 

2 Live Crew will probably not be able to fight two of the 
parts of the majority 's decision in Miller - by Florida 
standards (andjust about any state's) the work does describe 
sexual conduct in a patently offensive manner and, in 
addition, judges will be hard-pressed to determine that the 
work, when taken as a whole, contains any serious literary, 
anistic, political, or scientific value. 

An upholding of its censorship would require the 
Court to establish an all-inclusive law banning nearly 
every questionable work (album, photograph, book, etc.) 
as obscene. If not all-inclusive, the Court will fmd itself 
with a mess of obscenity cases in the near future, and 
consistent anempts at writing and rewriting of the law. 

History tells us that vague guidelines of obscenity laws 
merely allow for possible offenders to find loopholes, in 
addition to plaguing courts with cases they can't really 

of 2 Live Crew's album to an undercover police officer. 
Was it a justified arrest? Perhaps - and it is this which is 
very unfortunate. 

Because the Supreme Court has left part of obscenity's 
definition up to "contemporary corrununity standards," the 
2 Live Crew is a dead crew, especially in the South. A solid 
definition of obscenity, therefore, doesn't really exist. 

determine. 
Considering the legality of pornography and the recent 

overturning of photographer Robert Mapplethorpe 's case, 
an all-inclusive Supreme Court decision is nOl a viable 
alternative. What must be made clear is this: all charges 
against the 2 Live Crew should be dropped, and the 
current obscenity laws should be made c1earer-perhaps 
dropping the "community standard" clause would be a 

TIle Supreme Court has seen scores of obscenity cases 
cross its desk in the past 25 years, but perhaps none with 
a decision as important - and currently relevant - as 
Miller V. California (1973). 

Without getting into details of the actual case, Miller 
determined that the laws defining obscenity were three-
fold. Writing for the majority, Chief Justice Warren E. 
Burger explained, at the time, that in order for material to 
be considered obscene, "the average person, applying 
contemporary community standards," must first find that 
the work, taken as a whole, appeals to the prurient interest 
(that interest which appeals to an "unwholesome" sexual 
drive). Second, whether the work depicts or describes, in 

In Miller, the Court's majority expanded upon its rea-
soning for allowing various communities to determine 
what is and what is not obscene by claiming that to 
.... . require a state to structure obscenity proceedings 
around evidence of aTUltioTUll' corrununity standard' would 
be an exe'rcise in futility." Fair enough. 

A "national community standard" would be ridiculous. 
But the mere existence of any community standard is also 
an exercise in futility, if not in severe inconsistency. 

first step. To recount: 
A couple of weeks ago, Pt Lauderdale record store 

owner Charles Freeman was arrested when he sold a copy 

PRO: NEA Funding is Not Vital 
For the Arts in America 
ContInued from page 4 
isconstandy in the spodight Ironically, 
the inverse of this situation exists with 
respect to the National Endowment for 
the Arts (NEA.) Jesse Helms is the hero 
to the South and villain to everyone else. 
In fact, as far as representing the wishes 
of his constituents, he is doing a great 
job. 

In the South the moral system is a 
little different than other parts of the 
United States. Religion is ingrained in 
their society. 

Along with this comes a lot of the 
traditional religious beliefs. Abortion, 
homosexuality, and pornography are 
evil. The last thing the:se people want to 
do is to see their hard-eamed tax dollars 
go towards the defacing of their God and 
the promotion of "evil." 

Keeping their point of view, as well 
as our electoral system of government in 
mind, I hope to show how keeping the 
NEA alive will remain a source of con-
troversy as well as unnecessary. A good 
place to begin would be some of the 
actual receivers of NEA grants. 

An interesting yet controversial re-
cipient of an NEA endowment is a work 
called "Piss Quist." 

In the work, a cross is submerged in 
a jar full of the artist's urine, all courtesy 
of the taxpayers' money. When looking 
at this, the first question that comes to 
mind is, why should the taxpayers give 
money toward submerging the crucifix 
in urine? 

Another culture-preserving and Fi.rst 
Amendment promoting grant from the 
NEA went to New Yode City's Kitchen 
Theater. They had an on-stage act by an 
aging porn star named Annie Sprinkle. 
In her show, she perfonned various 
sexual acts and fOl' those rich enough, 
five dollars bought a chance to explore 
one of her body cavities. 

Fortunately for those with the money 
but not the libido, audience members 

could get a photograpb of her breasts on 
top of their heads, instead of the fonner. 
Not being an ungracious perfonner, she 
took time out of her act to thank her 
sponsors. "Tonight my act is govenunent 
funded," thus giving credit where credit is 
due. 

The list does not stop here. Last year 
the NEA gave money to fund scenes of 
men performing oral and anal sex on each 
otheras well as on animals. In fact, the 
artist who received these grants stated in 
his exhibition that he wants to throw one of 
our Congressmen from California 
(Dannemyer) off the Empire State Build-
ing. 

Some people argue for the NEA based 
on the First Amendment. They feel that 
restricting the NEA is restricting their 
freedom of speech. 

Karen Finly, an artist who get a grant 
last year but not this one cries, "A year ago 
I was in the country of expression: now I 
am nol." 

Bullshit! Last year she was $5,000 into 
the taxpayers' pocket. She has just as 
much freedom of speech this year as last 
year. 

Perhaps to bring the situation more 
down to earth another example is appro-
priate. What if there was a radical skinhead 
artist who took pictures of Nelson Mandela 
or Manin Luther King and spray-painted 
"Nigger" all over them? 

What ifhe took pictures of Einstein and 
wrote "Dirty lew Bastard" on them? I 
believe once the people found out he was 
receiving NEA grants, the wisdom of the 
endowments would be questioned. 

I suppose the next question is how 
important is the NEA? 

The answer is minimal. Last year the 
Arts received $6.4 billion in private dona-
tions. Compare this to the $170 million it 
gets from the NEA and it makes you 
wonder, is it all worth it? 

The reason I used the various examples 
See Control, Page 6 

Historically, over 50 percent of the obscenity cases that 
have arisen in the United States have occured in the South 

See 2 LIVE Page 6 

CON: Freedom of Expression 
Needs to be Supported 

Continued from .,. 4 
lieve it is enough to get riled up about, but 
this is tiddlywinks if you think about how 
many of your tax DOLLARS are being 
used to fuel Helm's crusade for the past 16 
months. 

Opponents of the NEA claim they are 
notcondoningcensorship, they are merely 
removing the federal funding of art they 
deem questionable. However, by disal-
lowing funds for artists to produce their 
work:, their ideas are being kept from the 
American public. By not giving them a 
vehicle to express their ideas, opponents 
of the endowment are silencing them. 

Congress established the NEA 26 years 
ago 10 enhance the public 's awareness of 

~e arts. This means supporting the art 
community as a whole and not choosing 
particular favorites or dislikes. We are 
supporting freedom of expression for all. 

We cannot support one painting be-
cause we think it's beautiful, and not 
another because it disturbs us. We take the 
beautiful with the bold, all under the name 
of freedom. You cannot allocate your 
income taxes to social services, but not to 
the defense because you don't like what 
they are doing. You pay one swn to aU. 

Some believe that it is a no-win situa-
tion and thus itwould be best just to abolish 
the NEA completely. Art could subsist on 
private donations, couldn't it? 

What they fail to realize is that by 
removing the NEA, they would cease to 
recognize artists. 1be govenunent ac-
knowledges .. artist" as a legitimate pro-
fession. It is like any other job in that you 
do it because you want to, but also because 
you have to. ToeliminatetheNEA would 
be to remove the government "Stamp of 
Approval" of artists as a profession, and 
leave the nation with a large void. TIle 
government recognizcaU other profes-
ions, so why not the artists' . 

If the Senate decides to renew the 

NEA's contract, there is still an agenda of 
agreements that need to be made. 

One such would be the questionable 
selection procedure of grant recipients. As 
it is now, the panel is made up of a "peer 
review panel," which consists of artists, 
historians, museum curators, and profes-
sionals in the art community. 

A proposal would include non-artists 
on the panel. To give an example of this 
non-artist membership on the panel, lohn 
Frohnamayer, director of the NEA sug-
gests, "I'm going to get a truck driver who 
likes country music and put him on the 
folk-art panel." 

Art critics are skilled at understanding 
art, just as doctors are trained at giving 
medical diagnoses. It makes sense to have 
someone who knows what he is talking 
about make such decisions. If we put the 
art into the hands of the public it will 
quickly die of neglect. Look at all the 
public art out on the streets that people j ust 
sit on, piss on, or deface with graffiti. 

We need intelligent people with artistic 
insight to help shape what's available for 
the common good. New ideas are good 
and encourage people to re-think their 
values and beliefs. 

Censorship is bad, in any fonn or me-
dium. Helms is censorship. We cannot 
allow him or his kind push us around and 
threaten to change the course of history. 

Art is good. We need it. True art only 
comes in one fonn, res/rictionJess. Helms 
has managed to tum this nation upside 
down and backwards over 8 photographs 
(7 of Mappelthorpe's 175 and Joseph 
Serrano's O. Whatever the Senate's deci-
sion, this issue will never lie at resl. 

Thcrewill always be artists whose work 
offends people, and people who are of-
fended. We live in a free nation, where 
ideas can be voiced regardless of whether 
they are supported or not. We mustsupport 
the voice and its power to be heard. 



6 OPINION 

___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ 

~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \lIN and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
... -_____ ,._ .. ___ -_ .. _---------

I 

-Must be ~ted at lime 01 estimate. 
Not IIOIid with major engine 01 ITonsmIssion repan 

11450:;-4941 Ii 
_.-

If You Haw Friends with VWs. Ask Them 
About Us; • They.HaYen, DiscO'Nl8d 

Us Vet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAIID. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT lIRE 

San Diego's 
Most Unique 
Liquor Store 

Spirits of St. Germain 
3251 Holiday Court, Suite 101 • La Jolla • 455-1414 

A lot of campus rapes start here. 
Wbalever !beJe's drinkin& or dnip, lbings CIIl get out of hand. So it's no surprise that 
many campus rapes involve alcohol. 
But you shoukI know thai under my cin:UD.sIances, sex without the other person's 
cooseoI is coosidettd rape. A felony, punishable by prison. And drinking is /10 excuse. 
ThI!'s why, wheI1 you pany, it's good 10 know what your limits are. You see, a little 
sobering tboqIt now can save you from a big probItm Wtr. 

STUDENT SAFETY AWARENESS 534·5793 

The UCSD Guardian Friday, October 19, 1990 

2 LIVE: case Too Extreme CONTROL 
Continued from pege 5 
- a region of the country not ex-
actly known for ilS liberalism, and 
one certainly noIlrnown forilS racial 
tolerance. 

Tosaythiscontroversyisaracial 
one is touchy, butcoosideringjuries 
made up of predominantly older, 
white men, it is not too far-fetched 

Should this 2 Live flap reach the 
Supreme Court, it is somewhat 
amusing to imagine Will iam 
Rehnquist, Sandra Day O'Connor, 
and the rest of the Court sitting 
around, analyzing lyrics from songs 
like "Put Her in the Buck,""Bad A-
- B-h," and "Get the F-k Out My 
House," for any serious artistic or 
political value. 

It is also amusing to think that a 
court case entitled something like 
BrothuMarquisv.BrowardCoU/lly 
will be the one that sets a precedent 
- once and for all - for the ob-
sceoity laws of the land. 

But it is DOl amusing to think tbal 
the court may decide that Ibis coo-
troversy is the one to lay down the 
law for obscenity, once and for all 

FAIRMAIR'S 

US~D 501 /5 
COSTUM~S 
FUN, FUNKY 
FUNTIONAL 
RESALEclOTHES 

4879 NEWPOIT IN£. OCEAN lEAot 
M-SAJ. 11 10 6:3) 

m.o220 

- in favor of censorship. 
1be attempted censorship of art-

ist and photographer Robert 
Mapp1ethorpe's questionably ob-
scene work a few weeks ago at a 
Cincirmati Art Gallery was nearly a 
striking blow to artistic freedom in 
this country. But in this case the 
decision handed down by a local 
court was reversed - as should the 
censorship of As Nasty as They 
WannaBe . 

1be 2 Live Crew should be al-
lowed to say what they want, and if 
not, what could possibly be next? 
The censorship of lectures? Con-

_n":~_.? v~.-..va",. 
Where does one draw the lineon 

censorship? 
Should the 2 Live Crew be cen-

sored, the lower courlS will be 
bogged down with more obscenity 
cases than they can possibly handle 
- for there are a ",anber of other 
qllestiollllbly obscene a1bmns that 
have hem on the sbeIf for years. 
Some of tbe albums are probably 
sinina OIl the sbelves of ClJarIes 
Freeman's~ 

Continued from .,.. 5 
and analogies was to show that gov-
ernment has no place in funding art. 
Granted, it's a nice humanitarian 
gesture and it looks good to have our 
govenunent fund the arIS, but it's 
too sticky a problem. 

Tempers run high when art starts 
to blend with religion, explicit sex, 
or race. 

No artislS are going to magically 
become silenced once the govern-
ment stops funding them. 

1bere is more than enough pri-
vate funding for the arIS and the last 
thing we need right now is more 
govenunent involvement in the pri-
vate sector (and thus more contro-
versy). 

I highly doubt an undiscovered 
Rembrandt will vanish without a 
trace because he never received a 
government grant In the end, I can 
assure you that if the NEA was 
ever abolished, private donations 
would go way up. 

EdIIot". "*: 1'-~ 
CpInIGn s.ctIon win ,.",.,ny 
rocu. on,.,.,.,.., .... Mdt 
rr-. ..... Nat w..tr: A.LD.B. 

i;ublespaces, and should iDd'Qdc a signature 
letlal will not be pdp~ We J.'CSCf'ft 
clarity. 

Advert,singlMerkehnGlPA . TM Arts LO N D 0 N Com",,"lIv" LOjIIISVI •• ml • Eu'opoon Economv and PoIitk:, • Mln..-nt' EconomtcIlFln.ne •• JourNliamJ8roldelill 
Film • ~lljC' and In'lrnl. ionel " ... tion. 
P-Iychologv and Soci.1 ~i,"v 

PARIS 
WASHINGTON 

Medl •• Public Relations · Bu"""' • Advertising 
Tourism • F •• hion • The Artl • Gov.,nment 

• 

Polit ics • 8ulinelaJEconomics • l.gl' Sv"aml 
Internltionll "",Iiona . JournllilmlCommum· 
cltionl • H.alth Filld, • Th. Art. 

For progrlm dotlils complele 
the coupon below and mail it to : 

Each internship program includes: up 
to 16 Boston University semester-hour 
credits, full -time internships, course 
work taught by local faculty. centrally 
located housing, and individualized 
placements for virtually every academic 
interest. BOlton University Intarn.'iona l Programa 

232 Bay Sllle'Road 
Boston. MA 02215 
6171363·9888 

BO STON UNIVERSITY 
An equlIl opportunity. 
affirmative .ction institution 

A representative from Boston University w~1 be on campus: 

Study Abroad Fair 
Friday, October 19, 1990 

10:00·3:00 
Intarnatlonal Canter Patio 

_ LondOn Internship Programme 
Name _ TheArts 

_ Comparative Legal System. 
Address _ European Economy rod Potitict 

S Z - M~c:onomic:.t'inance City ____ tale __ Ip _ _ PsychoIogvrodSocl.lPoticy 
College/University ==ing""ione 

-~ 
_ Parialnternthip P!ogrwn 

_ Summe' _ Fill _ Sprong 19 __ WeIhinglonInlemlhipProgr." 

FEATURES 
Friday, October 19,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

COMMENTARY 

Casualties of Love ... 
• Solace can be the victor in the war of love 
By Jenny Ko, Guardian Reporter 

Susan was spending long days in bed, paralyzed, 
because of her hopeless love for Bob. And Shannon 
was shedding bucketfuls of tears over her never-
around, out~f-town mate. 

Though these soap-opera fantasies do not e)(llCtl y 
miIrorreal-life stories, I cenainly did not need a broken 
back or two puffy eyes to tell me to stay single forever. 

l' ve heardoftoomanYlrueaM terrifying talesof un-
requited love to enter into the blissful mystique of 
coupledom. I think I would rather suffer through 
endless Friday nights alone at home in front of the TV 
with my Ben and Jeny' s (the icecream of course), than 
traverse through the battlefields of love. 

To my fortune, I discovered and joined a newly 
fonned club on campus called SAD.(Singles Against 
Dating). The name explains it all As the self-appointed 
recruiter for the club, I chose it as my duty to seek and 
help out the wounded soldiers of the War of Love. 

Heather Taylor, ajuniorat Muir college. related to 
me a sorrowful experience. 'lt was a three-year anni-
versary with a cheap S.O.B. He called me up and said, 
'Pick any place you want to go.' J decided on theOlart 
House , a nice restaurant 

'1 got all dressed upand he showed up in tom shorts, 
termis shoes without socks, and a really wrinkled tank 
top." In the restaurant after a nice meal, the boyfriend 
chimed in, "Honey, I forgot my wallet," and left poor 
Heather stuck with the bill. 

She broke up with him at dinner and took a cab 
home. As Heatherdescribedit, "I got over him between 
my salad and my steak." That must be nue, since she 
hooked up with her cunent boyfriend the very next 
morning. . 

It was obvious, then that Heather was one girl who 
knew how to take care of herself aM did not need any 
of my help. 

[ met another potential recruit into SAD. in my 
biology class. Kristen Reza, a freshman at Muir, told 
me about her ups-and-<lowns in a cwrent relationship. 
"We were going out for two months when he went 
away for two weeks on a business trip. He didn't leave 
a phone number or a hotel room number. But he came 
back with an engagement ring." But two weeks later, 

when herex-boyfriend showed up foraswprise visit while 
her fiance was there, "He took the ring back," Kristen 
explained 

It was unbelievable to me- the atrocities of the War 
of Love. However, Kristen proudly and happily reported 
that the ring is being sized again. 

Shauna Walker, a Muir college junior,likewise spoke 
ofabrokenengagement ''I was engaged to a guy fora year. 
We were to be manied in fourmonths, and then I broke up 
with him. I realized he was really possessive. He made me 
feel guilty about watching TV with my mom and wanted 
me to quit school" 

As it turns out, Shauna was another unacceptable 
member because she has found ''magic'' in her current 
relationship. 

Love does not only tug 00 thehe<utstrings, but also the 
pursestrings as junior Diane Mislead of Warren college 
has discovered. Diane was prepared to go on a big date 
duringChristrnas. '1 spent over $ I 00 on a dress and three 
hours getting ready." 

But he never showed up,leaving Diane all dressed up 
with nowhere to go. He apparently didn' t even call to 
cancel. A month or so later, Diane heard the explanation. 
"I just didn't want 10 go." 

I had only heard fnxn one side of the casualty list, so 
I searched for male recruits for my club. What Michael 
Albano, a Revellecollegejunior, hadtosaywaspelhaps 
the most heartbreaking stol)' of them all. 

"I was with my first girlfriend for a year. She left me 
foranotherguy. I was withmy second girlfriend fora year. 
She left me foranother guy." However, Michael got back 
with girlfriend #2 for another year, before she walked out 
on him for a guy again. Michael explained to me that he 
was casually daring the same girl again last year. It seemed 
for the third and firtal(?) time she gave him the old heave-
ho. Michael, just say no. 

T failed on my mission to gain any new members for 
SAD. ItseemedeachofthepeopleI spoke with possessed 
an optimistic attitude towards dating and relationships 
through all the trials and tribulations. They've obviously 
taken into heart the saying, "Don't be SAD., be glad" 

So as it stands, it's me, myself, and I, aM likely to 
remain that way for a long time." ",./{ 

/1 'y"\ 
~--\ 

",·/t 
V-·\ 

FEATURES 7 

• Men and women have 
different ways of 
expessing their attraction 
Story by Gavin Christy, Staff Writer 

There exislS among all the wonders ofUCSD an indomitable force 
that fills people with a sense of wonder and excitement. Lurl<.ing 
behind evel)' comer, this force we call attraction keeps different kinds 
of people asking themseJves just what it is they find so alluring about 
each other. 

Attractionhasbeenthecatalysttheseinitialweeksofclassformany 
people who wish to acquire a friendship, a contact, a phone nwnber, 
or a dale. But what is atttaction? Some assen that attraction occurs 
between opposites. Are certain people truly opposite, or do they both 
want the same things and just pursue them differently? 

A Guardian questionnaire, sampling a small, rdndom population 
ofUCSD students who wish to remain anonymous, has anempted to 
answer this and other questions about the elusive idea of attraction. 

Commenting on the difference of genders, one female respondent 
said, "Menare taughtto be ' strong' but sometimes if they act too strOng 
or macho, it may seem like they are unemotional," obsetved one 
femaiestudent about males. And one male student said, "Women are 
a lot more gentle and loving - but they are awfully moo:Iy." 

Dr. Richard Whit.ehill, directorofPsychologicaJ and Counseling 
Services, exlained, ''Men and women express their needs differently 
because of their physiololgy and socialization." 

"Men don't [seem to) get bogged down by emotions," said one 
woman when complimenting men on their good qualities. 

Once it is obvious that they are attracted to one another, people 
have different ways of reacting, according to the questionnaire. Most 
female respondents replied that they would wait for the men to make 
the move. 

As one respondent put it, "I'm a little shy. [I'd) probably just wait 
until he asks meoutormak:es effon to taJJc to me." Other.; c \aimed they 
would use subtle tactics like paying a lot of anention to a guy, smiling 
and laughing a lot, and acting demure and shy to win a guy over. 

While men snuggle through initiation by way of prepared intro-
ductions or "lines," women keep a conversation going by the subtle 
art of tliIting, according to most respondents. 

"I think women can be more subtle flirts, and guys come up with 
more original pick-up Jines," one female obsetved. "If it's not overly 
suave and overly rehearsed sounding, it can be flattering, and some-
times vel)' humorous. Some shyness is kind of cute." 

Most men said that they think of flirting as too anlbiguous and 
don 't know how to approach it 'They reveaJ that since women areable 

See LOVE, Page 8 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardjan Friday, October 19, 1990 

Film Club Makes 'Hard Core' Movies I LOVE: Men Aren't Too 
thaJ" ~!:~~~ger than any of its Subtle in Their Approach By John Steckert Guardian Reporter CLUB SCENE 

' 'There' nothinge\se-justus-
the cameras - and those wonderful 
people out there in the darlc" 

These words spoken by Gloria 
Swanson in the final scene of Billy 
Wilder' "Sunset Boulevaro" perhaps 
best exempli fy theessenceofHardcore 
Productions, UCSO's resident film-
making organization. 

In Winter Quaner of 1989, gradu-
ate student Rico Martinez along with 
undergraduates Milton ReICher and 
Michael AlbertS, creared this film pro-
duction facility. Adopting the name 
Hardcore for its connotation of work-
ing long, sleepless hours, what was 
once a concept t<XJI.. onaconcretefoml. 

"When this club was fonned, there 
were two goals in mind," said Peter 
Rollins, director of Harocore's current 
project "One was to make films and 
the other was to teach people the pro-
cess by which to do so." 

To accentuate these goals, an ex-
ecutive council, comprised of elected 
club officers, was created to work in 
conjW1Ction with the producer and di-
rector of each film. Additionally, a 
series of workshops was developed to 
promote the instruction of film-mak-
ing and gi ve members practical hands-
on experience. 

"l!gaven1Ctheopponunitytoleam 
thing earlier than in the visual an 
classes without the pressure of grades," 
said Michelle Kasik, Hardcore's cur-
rent president. "And you don't have to 
worry about taking care of evetything 
yourse\fbecause you are working with 
a large group. It's just like a movie 
studio." 

OnJanuary 12,1990,justoneyear 

A look at student organizations 
after the club began, all oP-Iardcore' s 
work came to fruition: its first movie, 
a 16mm black-and-white film about 
the evolvement of primitive man en-
titlcd"BugsInOurHair,"premiered at 
the Price Center. 

This movie was followed by the 
release of the club's second film on 
June8th,asurferthrillercalled"Nuclear 
Wasted.'· 

Based on a sto1)' by T.e. Boyle, 
"Bloodfall" is Hardcore's third film. 
but the first to be shot entirely in color. 
it is tentati vel scheduled for release 
during the third week of March. 

"Forthe first two years we have had 
to concentrate on getting thing going 
and proving that we can make films," 
Rollins said "We have done that and 
are now hoping to expand the scope of 
what we do while still maintaining our 
focus on making films." 

The script chosen for Hardcore's 
fourth production, "Sara," is an ex-
ample of Hardcore's expansion. Ac-
cording to "B100dfall 's" post produc-
tion producer Dave Blaettler, the film, 
"represents a departure from past m0-
tifs." 

"All of Hardcore's previous films 
have featured predominantly young, 
white males," Rollins said "I thought 
that it was time for something differ-
ent.." 

Written by Josefina Lopez, "Sara" 
portrays an El Salvadorian refugee who 
comes to work as a live-in maid for an 
older woman in the United States and 
focuses on the confliClS that arise from 

NOW OPEN 

predecessors, nmning a full 30 min- Continued from page 7 
utes in length. Filming is scheduled to to be more selective about their poten-
begin aJ the end of seventh week. rial friends and dates, they use flirting 

As well as making and distributing as a means of weeding out those men 
its own films, Hardcore Productions who aren' t "gifted in the art." 
al.iO produces tl1C "Oassic Film Se- Women agree. One femalerespon-
ries:' a program of older films hown dent complained that "guys are too 
free every Tuesday night in Warren lustfulathowtl1Cyloolcatyou.They're 
Lecture Hall. Such movies as "The not subtle, tactful enough.l don' t think 
Seventh Seal," "Paths ofGlo!),," and they realize how obvious it is." 
Stanley Kubric's "Viridiana" have Commenting on how men could 
been shown. show that they are interested, another 

"I see it as a good upplementtoour respondent said that men should ap-
film program," Rollins said, "by ex- proach women with tact, consider-
posing students to quality films with- ation, and "romanticism," and that all 
out them having to take notes and be advances should be given with incer-
worried about being tested upon what ity and thoughtfulness. Quiries like, 
they are seeing." 'Tmagynecologi t,everneedacheck 

The organization has also partici- up - call me," as one female respon-
paled in several events with the film dent reponed getting, aren't received 
community outside of campus. 1beS'! very well. 
eventshaveincludedThePa\mSprings In general, women said that they 
lntemational Film Festival, and a lec- display their interests i.n men much 
lure given by contemporary director more efficiently than men do in them. 
Spike Lee. "It 's the funniest thing to watch 

Currently the focus has shifted in- guys. Their tongues are always wag-
waro as preparations are made for the ging, their eyes are bulging out of thei r 
re-releaseofHardcore's first two films sockets, and their heads spin around 
together in one retrospective, which like they're on loose hinges," one fe-
will be shown aJ the Price Center. male respondent jokingly observed 

"Hardcore Film Productions is "Women are much more sly. We may 
something anyone [everyone] can do give a well placed smile, dan our eyes 
because there are so many facets," around - not our heads. And a good 
Kasik said "Engineers can build sets set of sunglasses can even hide your 
and cosmetologists can do make up. eyes." 
Thereisnoexperiencenecessruy. What About thesesmiles- whaJ do they 
it's really all about is teaching." 1l1Can. We've all received them at one 

Perhaps B1aettler summed up time or another walki.ng to class or in 
Hardcorebestwiththree implewords. the library. 
"Experience, interesting, fun!" "I look forwaro to them. For Il1C it 

Meetings are held at 9 p.m. every says that a woman is happy with her-
Wednesday in HSS 1330. I self and wishes to show that with 

....... IDEO GALLERY 
\~OSTA VERDE CENTER 

-

• BIGGEST selection in the area 
• Plenty of FREE parking 

PRETTY WOMAN FOR SALE OR RENT! 

Bring This Ad to Rent One Movie 
and get a Second Rental FREE! 

Monday thru Thursday. Expires 11/2/90. 

8750 Genessee in the Costa Verde Center 
near the Soup Exchange- 450-1766 

Hours: Sun.·Thurs. 11 am·9 pm /Fri.-Sat. 11 am·lO pm 

Sperm \ 6475 Alvarado Road, Suite 109 
Bank } 

next to SDSU Inc. 
-

DO YOU NEED EXTRA CASH? 
Are you in good physical condition? 

Could you use an additional $300.00Imonth? 
($35 per usuable sample) 

SPERM DONORS NEEDED 
all ethnic groups 

(619) 265-2407 

others. It also indicted that she has a 
willingness (0 converse and is recep-
tive to others," observed one male 
respondent. 

Some women said that an inviting 
smile given or received is a playful 
kind of innocent fiirting,andthose that 
are gi ven really intensely are to con-
vey a very purposeful interest. 

But these flirtatious games people 
engage in, though playful and fun, can 
aisocausemisunderstandi.ngand break 
down the lines of communication in 
any blossoming relation hip. 

Dr Whitehill warned that "close-
ness and intimacy needs aren't neces-
sarily linked to sexuality and wanting 
to be sexual." 

He added that most relationships 
are staned for the purpose of "being 
understood and valued by another, in 
which there is a reciprocity of needs. 
The partners (in a relationship) view 
each other as an ally." 

ERRATA 
In the Alcohol 
Awareness Week 
article in Oct. 15 
Guardian, the time for 
tonight's dance was 
incorrectly reported. 
The correct time will be 
from 9 p.m. to 12 a.m., 
not from 7 p.m. to 9 
p.m. The Guardian 
regrets this error. 

FRIDAY 
Bad Manners 

~Checkout 
OCJ Bad Manners 
with special guests 
Skatellites and 
Gangbusters tonight 
at 7:30 p.m. in the 
Price Center Ball-
room. The show is 
sponsored by Pop 
Events and Bill Silva 
Presents. Tickets 
available through 
Ticketmaster. For 
more information, call 
570-1222 . 

Jambay 
~ Eclectic local 
OCJ band Jambay 
will be playing tonight 
ilt the Texas Tea 
House on Voltaire 
Street in Ocean Beach. 
Tickets are $3 and the 
show starts at 9 p.m. 
21 and over only. 

Political Films . 
171 The Committee 

~ for World De-
mocracy presents two 
films showcasing the 
political turmoil in 
modern Africa, "Cry 
ofRclson" and the 
ABC Ted Koppel 
special "A Town 
Meeting With on 
Mande1a." The films 
start at 7 p.m. in 
Faustina Solis Hall 
(formerly TLH). 
Admission is free. 

BEYOND HOLLYWOOD 
• French film 'Monsieur Hire' proves there is more to 
the art of filmmaking than sex and violence 
By Caitlin Woodthorpe and Simon Hobbs, Staff Writers 

"Monsieur Hire" has won huge international acclaim on 
the movie circuit and was a massive hit at the 1989 Cannes, 
Toronto, and New York Film Festivals. It's a prime example of 
the very best of French filmmaking, a timely reminder that 
there's far more to the movies than just the "sex and violence" 
epics that Hollywood has .been churning out recently. 

The basic plot is fairly straightforward. A girl has been 
murdered and the chief suspect is Monsieur Hire, a rather 
strange recluse who is disliked by all those around him. His 
only pleasure is to spy on the beautiful young woman, Alice, 
who lives in the opposite apartment - particularly when she 
and her boyfriend are Page H 4 

F nday. October 19. 1990 H 1 



2 HIATUS 

Quigley Down Under Avalon 
Ghost Pacific Heights 
Memphis Belle Marked For Death 

Wercome Home Roxy Carmichael 
Fantasia 

University Town Center 452-7766 

Avalon Henry & June 
Memphis Belle Gc;udfeiias 

Marked For Death 
Postcards From the Edge 

La Jolla Village 453-7831 
Fantasia 

Pacific Heights 
Welcome Home Roxy Carmichael 

Ghost 

283-5909 
Oct. 18-20: Berkeley in the Sixties 
Oct. 21-Nov. 3: Metropolitan 

I!v.'!!rv Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 
Horror Picture Show 

IN THE NEWS 
The following is parI of a fax from Pubhc Enemy's managemenl: 
"Here's sum'n from the Oct. GQ and their resident musical 

authority Stephen Fried. He calls our brothers Living Colour 
'perhaps America's most musically and politically correct rock 
band. Somehow, their songs consistently balance new music 
and fresh approaches to issues on a level that everyone from Gil 
Scott-Heron to Public Enemy has tried but failed to maintain ... 
The band's songs avoid overstating cases or screaming for 
unrealistic solutions, and they're more likely to implore their 
listenters to understand ' the power' rather than to just fight it, 
because social changes don't come overnight,' 

"Sly digs I'll say! One of the oldest techniques of a white 
suprernist is to sow dissention between his victims by throwing 
out trinkets,like ' praise' for being 'responsible,' ' moderate,' or 
'level headed.' Paraphrasing our ~ood friend Dr. Frances Cress-
Welsing, Living Colour is fightmg white supremacy in their 
way, and we are fighting white supremacy in ours. Or, to quote 
Living Colour, Time's Up!" 

... .... ERRATA • • • • • • 
In Monday's A&E edition, we 

told you that Los Lobos would 
play Thursday night at the Star-
light Bowl. Actually, they are 

playing Saturday night. Oops. 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

3OTAN.DAYS-' 
Call for details' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap - Only $48 

Not a temporary water loss • Reduce ceftuhte and stretch mar1ls 

Trim & Tan • UCSO 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455-0909 Expores 11119190 

T he UCSD Guardian 

Native Nakai 
• Flutist to play at 
Mandeville tonight 
By Michael Schwartz 
Senior Staff Writer 

New age music is growing in popular-
ity as more and more artists manipulate 
sounds and music with synthesizers. 
Ironically, in the front lines ofthis revo-
lution is a Native American flutist , R. 
Carlo Nakai, who blends ynthesizers 
and modem capabilities with ancient and 
traditional melodies of the continent. 

A member of the Navajo-Ute tribe 
and the son of a former Navajo tribal 
chairman, akai has lived and studied 
with many North American tribes. Fol-
lowing ervice in the U.S. Navy, Nakai 
earned a degree in education from North-
ern Arizona University. 

With a background on the classical 
trumpet, Nakai switched to the Native 
American flute in 1973. After leaming 
the traditional flute melodies of the Plains 
and Woodlands tribes , he began composing and 
creating a style of his own using both the bone and 
wood flute. 

The flute is an instrument of the Plains people 
and Woodlands Indian around the Great Lakes. 
Nakai conducted extensive research into the tra-
dition of these tribes as the flute is not used in 
Navajo music today. The tradition of the flute 
was most likely lost intheNavajo migration i'rom 
Canada. 

"I draw from my experience here in the world 
right now," Nakai said· in an interview by phone 
from his current home in Tucson, Arizona. "It 's 
contemporary, original music. It's demonstrative 
of an ongoing world view andphilosophy." Asked 
to expand on this van tage point, his response was 
simply, "We're here now." 

Hailed as the premiere Native American flu t-
ist, Nakai deplores the tenn "Native American." 
"We are not a part of the melting pot theory. We 
are definitely not Native Americans. We were 
here, the people I belong to, and aU other native 
peoples, before America was invented in 1783. I 
find the name patronizing," said Nakai. 

Having recorded five solo albums, Nakai is 
gaining popularity as a recording artist. Although 
he has been working for the past year on an 
Original dance score for a dance company in 
Tucson that will open this month, Nakai has a 
new album, Winter Dreams, that comes out this 
month. 

Friday, October 19, 1990 

"It 's a collection of traditional winter solstice 
music from many traditions in Europe. It 's com-
monly referred to in this country as Christmas 
music. There is no common understanding of 
Christmas in Europe," Nakai said. 

Plagued by misunderstandings and stereotype 
as a self-proclaimed "cultural educator," Nakai has 
been able to find peace with being part of the Native 
culture. "It's a matterof perspectives," Nakai stated. 
"When you're looking from outside the culture and 
outside the tradi tional philosophy, you're looking 
in a manner that places categories and priorities on 
certain rules. When you're looking from the inside 
out, everything that you are , everything you intend 
to be, everything that you need for your survival is 
here already." 

Nakai asserts in his personal goals that he will 
"compose, arrange, and perform new music for the 
Native American flute by utilizing western method-
ology and performance techniques to integrate the 
flute into contemporary music." 

Nakai will be performing original compositions 
as well as arrangements of traditional melodies 
tonight at the Mandeville Auaitorium. 

WIIIIl: R. CarlOs Nakai 
wt.e: MandevIlle AudItorium 
WhM: 8 p.m.,fri. October 19. 
~ Gener.aJ admission $tO; students $6, 
aWl.: •• TlCketct an. available at TlckelMaster 
and tht UCSD So)( OJfk;e, 534-4559. .. 

. 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

e Pregnancy Termination 
e General or Local Anesthesia 
e Low Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conception) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
e Student Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

Q;r;t 
~ochoice 

... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

Friday, October 19, 1990 

Brazilian Traditions 
Brought to the Stage 
By Paula Correa 
Staff Writer 

In the 1500s, thousand of Af-
ricans were brought to the shore 
of Bahia, Brazil , as slaves. Forced 
to work long days on the planta-
tions under the watchful eyes of 
their masters , they managed to 
secretly practice and pa s on their 
ancestors' traditions- through 
dance. 

This art of storytelling - de-
picting ceremonies, battles, ritu-
als, and seductions - was per-
formed last Sunday at Mandeville 
Auditorium by the New York-
based company Dance Brazil. 

The performance featured a 
variety of Afro-Brazilian dances 
such as Maculele, Samba, and 
Capoeira (a martial arts dance). 
These were complemented with 
beating drums, chimes, chanting, 
and vivid costumes. 

Though Dance Brazil was de-
picted as an Afro-Brazilian folk 
dance show, the perfonnances 
themselves proved to be greatly 
influenced by European styles of 
dance such as ballet, jazz, and 
modem dance. 

Such a combination of dance 
styles gave the production a broad 
feel, and incorporated its diversity 
with fluidity and grace. 

Unfortunately, Dance Brazil 
came short of tru ly being a "folk" 
dance show. Accordi ng to Dennis 
Newsome, a San Diego African 
martial arts dance perfonner and 

teacher, the cultural fibers oftradi-
tional African-influenced dance 
were not c lea rl y depicted in 
Sunday's performance. 

He believes that to call it a folk 
c:mcc "you have to present a folk 
dance," that is, "taking it like it is 
naturally [in its natural context) 
and re-creating it on the stage ... 
that is African theatre." 

Newsome called it a watered-
down version that was more con-
cerned with symmetry than spon-
taneity . 

The mood was set by the beat-
ing of the drums which was the 
integral part of the performance, 
and even though Dance Brazil did 
not do justice to its African roots in 
its eclectic combination of dance 
styles, it did in its closing number 
"Capoeira." 

This fast, graceful, and acro-
batic martial arts dance created by 
African slaves brought to Brazil 
from Angola as a means of self-
protection and as a way to fight for 
their freedom was "great" accord-
ing to Newsome, and "true to its 
roots." 

Even though Dance Brazil was 
not a true Afro-Brazi lian folk dance 
performance, the quality of its Af-
rican influences were evident. 

The combination of different 
styles along with live drums and 
other unique elements such as 
chanting and costumes make it an 
impressive and enchanting pro-
duction. 

THE FORDS 
HAVE ALWAYS 
DRIVEN 
VOLKSWAGENS . 
Ask Kimo Ford why he bought a 
Volkswagen and get ready for some 
family history. 

'Everyone in my family has driven a 
Volkswagen at one time or another. 
My dad had a Microbus. My mom and 
sister both drove Beetles. And my 
brother, who's also a student. drives 
an '83 Volkswagen Rabbit 

'So when I saved enough money to 
buy a car thl3re was only one logical 
choice. A Volkswagen. If you ask me, 
it 's the perfect student's car. Good on 
gas. Brg enough to carry four friends . 
And fun to drive." 

Fun to drive? Sounds like 
Fahrvergnugen. To experience it for 
yourself. just follow the Fords to your 
Volkswagen dealer. 

F A H R V ERG N 0 GEN. 
• If you dove a VOlkswagen yOu m ghl be selected 10 

appeal In an ad Mo.€' tne one abo .... St"I!1l 'rout stOf'1l .JnJ • 
photo to VO''''SWdQt![1 ieSlllnoo·a $ 1815 WOOdward 
!)u.te 200 Slrmlf'1gt"oJn1 M .ehlgdf1 4BOO9 

T h e UCSD Guardian 

~1I:IIJ~lh~EVIEWS I 

Allen Ginsberg 
The Lion For Real 
Island Records 

Haven' t we all been exposed to 
an imitation version of the '60s? 
Haven' t we all been told before 
that the '90s are a replica of the 
'60s, and doe n' t the Iraqi crisis' 
pa 'allel to Vietnam make this 
stateme:nt that much more valid? 
Maybe we should touch base with 
the '60s before we make assump-
tions. Listen to The Lion/or Real 
and do just that. 

No cheeze love lyrics, no head-
banging beats, not even any songs 
- so what's to it? Poetry. A reci-
tation by Allen Ginsberg, the father 
of the "beatnick" generation, who 
imposed non-traditional, freestyle 
poetry. It's an unrestained expres-
sion of the events and opinions of 
his generation. 

Ginsberg selected seventeen 
poems and set the music to each. 
His background music ranges from 
jazzy tunes to relaxing wooden 
pipes, emphasizing key words and 
phrases, aiding in the development 
of the theme. As does the music, 
topics vary. GinsbergcarefuUy ab-
stracted poems which would not 

only work well with the music, but 
also give the listener a better un-
derstanding of what he feels is an 
important issue . 

INXS 
X 

- Alejandra Navarro 

Atlantic Records 
There once was a time when 

INXS had the pop music world at 
its command. It seemed like every 
time you turned on the radio "Need 
You Tonight" or "New Sensation" 
would come blasting through the 
peakers. 

Repetition of their songs or 
videos was the name of their game; 
and, with it, they won fans all over 
the world. OnX, their follow-up to 
the multi-platinum Kick, lNXS 
further attempts to cash in on their 
uccessful use of redundancy. 

Unfortunately, lead vocalist! 
lyricist Michael Hutchence's ap-
proach soon becomes distracting. 
Most of the songs on X begin by 
expressing a desire to escape to a 
better life but eventually become 
monotonous. In fact, Hutchen.;e 
appears to be at a loss for wo!ds 
after the first few minutes of eac!) 

HIATUS 3 

song, so he simply repeats the 
song' s chorus. Nowhere is this 
practice more evident than on 
tracks like "Disappear" and "Hear 
That Sound." 

Xlacksoriginality. ftseemsthat 
INXS has found a "sound" that 
they like and now hope to gain 
further success with it. In fact, 
"Suicide Blonde" (X's first single) 
sounds as if it could be "New Sen-
sation" just with different lyrics 
and an annoying harmonica. 

Combine both redundant lyrics, 
and music in excess, and you have 
X. It seems that by now, the band 
would want to experiment with 
their music and display the range 
of their capabilities; yet, with thi 
album, the only thing they show is 
their desire to maintain commer-
cial success. 

The only two decent songs on 
this album are ''The Stairs," a rock 
anthem that pleads for ocial coop-
eration; and "Suicide Blonde." 
However, judging from INXS 's 
track record, both of these cuts will 
be released as singles, eliminating 
the need to buy this record. 

- James E. Ingman 

Osmond Boys 
Curb Records 

"Bein' boys ... bein' on the 
street.. . We 're the real thing ... 

See ALBUMS, Page H5 

I T' S W HAT M A K E SAC A R A VO L K S WAG E N. 



4 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian Friday, O ctober 19, 1990 
---------------------------------------

HIRE 
Conlinued from page HI 
alone together. Director Patrice 
Leconte ' s film is apparently a 
murder-mystery, but this soon be-
comes a subplot to the complex 
relation hip developing between 
Hire and Alice. 

Possibly the bigge t distinction 
between French and mainstream 
American films is that the former 
are usual1y far more int imate, a 
style of filmmaking easily forgot-
ten by the devotee of blockbuster 
Hollywood films which empha ize 
"large- cale" in everything. 

The action of "Monsieur Hire" 
seems to happen only a few feet 
away from your face rather than on 
a screen somewhere in the di rance. 
The overall effect is therefore de-
lightfully claustrophobic. as the 
camera trail the actors in ex-
tremely close proximity. This is a 
movie with only four character in 
it, and twO of those are confined to 
the periphery . Hire himself, there-
fore. becomes the total focus of 
audience attention in a way far 
more involved than is u~ual for 
recent films. 

Undoubtedly. the cinematogra-
phy IS the prime vehicle for con-
veying this sense of intimacy. 
Clllematographer Denis Lenoir's 
images pay close allention to the 
smallest but the mo t ymboJic 
detail of Hire's life. He perfectly 
convey the truly French atmo-
phere and manages to give it a 

timeles quality. 
The film is quinte sential1y 

French. but n 's not rooted in the 
199050r in Pari s. Ju t a slll!;.le shot 

can take on the greatest signifi-
cance. The most mundane acts can 
take on a whole new meaning in 
this sexually charged atmo phere. 

Hire him elf is a hugely com-
plex and intriguing figure. Color, 
or the lack of it, i an integral part 
of his life. A pale, black-haired 
man, Hi re wears exac tly the same 
sombre outfi t every day of his life. 
He's a enous and deliberate man 

movements of his neighbor Alice. 
She becomes his voyeuristic ob-
ject of obsession, not just for exual 
grati ficatio n but also a a breath of 
'fresh air into his sterile life. She's 
a rather mys terious woman who e 
motives are ambiguous and who 's 
very unsureof herfeelings towards 
either her boy friend or Hire. She 
live for the moment, for whatever 
pleasure she can get. The bur-

tonn suitthe nerve t ingling atmo- ALB U M S 
phere perfectly.One of the 1110 t Continued from page H3 .. 

important as ets in maintaining th is ~~.e ~y ha~d , I ~t mef be the man. 
aura of mystery and suspense is the d I liS a se eC II~n t l some of the 
hypnotic soundtrack wri tten by Oeep y ;;amng t ynes on the 
Peter Nyman. yman is respon- smon oy re ease of the same 
'bl f h . . P name. The concept behind this Sl e o r t e mus Ic III eter· , 

G ' til ' I d' h group IS an ad-man s dream - get reenaway S ims, Inc u lllg t e 
remarkably haunting melodies of together the four sons of Alan 

"Possibly the biggest distinction between 
French and mainstream American films is that 
the former are usually far more intimate, a style 
of fi lmmaking easily forgotten by the devotees 
of blockbuster Hollywood films which empha-
size 'large-scale ' in everyth ing." 

"The Cook, The Thief, His Wife Osmond (broth~r to the hallowed 
and Her Lover." He makes clever Donny ~d.Mane, and ex-member 
use of a Brahms quartet for strings of the onglllal Osmond group it-
and piano by repeating it when- self), and try to pass them off as 
ever Hire is ~ pying on Ailee. The talen~. Revolting thoug~t, isn' t it? 
cene and the music together come And It com~s!\~ no surpnse that the 

tobereplayedlikea happymemory end result IS htde~us. . 
for th is sad, strange man. .Osmond Boys IS a very thlllly-

"Monsieur Hire" is worth a vis it vet led attempt to cash in on the 
but be prepared not to immed iately success of~ew Kids on the Block, 
understand allthat ' s going on. This complete With re~ord sleeve ~ho­
film is far more of a brain teaser tos of them posmg macho-like. 
than the usual HoJlywood offer- Some how, ~he abun~a.nce of 
ing, due partly to the effort re- sl~shed demm and ndtcu.l ~us 
quired to keepreading the subtitles. hairstyles seems very famlhar. 
But there's more to is than th is ' Unfortunately for the Osmond 
Leconte is a disciple of the schooi Boys, theirefforts don' t even match 
of classic French psychologically up to the admittedly very low 
dramatic filmmaki ng, centered on . standard.s of the New Kids. 

who leaves nothi ng to chance. 
Anyone who wonders how a movie 
about a Peeping Tom, with En-
glish subtitles. can be even re-
motely interesting. will have their 
fear allayed by Michel Blanc ' 
ponrayal of Hire. 

This is a man who, on the one 
hand, is repulsive - but on the 
other,deserves sympathy; he's one 
of life' misfit. All his neighbors 
dislike him, and even the children 
torment him daily . He' 
undeserving of such har h treat-
ment, for he ' s just one of those 
people who want a quiet life but 
wiJ) never get it. Those around him 
sense he' s somewhat out of the 
ordinary. 

Hire is a man 0 removed from 
the mainstream of ociety that the 
only way for him to make any kind 
of human contact is to spy on the 

geoning relat ionship between Alice 
and Hire develops from voyeuri m 
and harsh words into genuine at-
traction in a deeply touching way. 
She help him to break through the 
impregnabil ity of his li fe and to 
feel genuine emotions aga in. From 
its very unlikely beginnings, their 
friend hip grows into something 
quite remarkable, and Sandrine 
Bonnaire is stunning in her por-
trayal ofthe temptress Alice. 

"Monsieur Hire" is adapted 
from the novel Les Fiancailles de 
Monsieur Hire, by one of the great 
French authors of all time, George 
Simenon, the creator of Inspector 
Maignet. Patrice Leconte has uti-
lized stock thrillermotifs to convey 
an overriding sense of int rigue. 
Settings such as train stations, atop 
a church tower, dim staircases, and 
windows lit only by a thunder-

the complexities of human rela- . The ti tles of the tracks are pure 
tion hips. chche, for example, "Reverse 

The old adage says thatthe more P~~C,?Olog:,''''~ 'm still go~na n~ed 
you put into something the more y , and Walt on Love (whIch 
you get out of it, and l ikewise you Uncle Donny co-wrote). It ' s a 
may have to work at this film to st~ng~ ~~~tthat e~ery s?ng tells of 
truly appreciate it. Ultimately, belllg m Illiurve ormlssmg your 
though the rewards are worth it girl, yet these kids don 't look as if 

, . they'\le even hit puberty yet. 
WhIt: "Monsieur Hire," di- This album tries to cover too 
reeled by Patrice Leconte many styles and succeeds in 
Where: Cove Theatre, 7730 h" f Girard Ave., La Jolla ac levlllg none 0 them. Douglas 

Osmond attempts to rap in "Tru t 
When: Nightly, 7:00 & 9:00 My Love" and "The Minute r Saw 
p.m.; Matinees Sat., Sun., y 
Wed. 1 :00, 3:00, 5:00 oU," there's the obligatory fi st-
Tickets: $6 general, $3.50 waving rock number, called "All 
children See ALBUMS, page H5 

What are you waiting for? 

Buy your fall quarter textbooks nowl 

All fa ll 1990 textbooks 
will be returned to their 

publishers on October 23, 

Hours: Monday-Friday 7:30 am - 6 pm 
Saturday 9:30 am - 5 pm 

C losed Sundays & Holidays. 534-4557 

L\]rERS1W 

BOOKSTORE 

Friday, October 19, 1990 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 5 

ALBUMS 'Eastern Standard' Not For Western Tastes 
Continued from page H4 
Tied Up," and then come the 
overl y sentimenta l and slushy 
number in "Next To You." 

+North Coast Repertory Theater Production fails to impress a San Diego audience 

It 's hard to tell at times when 
one track ends and another sta rts. 
To be honest, th is is wallpaper 
music, the stu ff which arouses no 
real emotion except nausea. It j ust 
makes you wonder how the music 
indu try coped before drum ma-
chines were invented. Not only do 
the Osmo nd Boys succeed in 
massacring their own songs, they 
also assassinate the Four Tops' 
song "Can ' t Help Myself' and 
Carole King's "Hey Girl." 

1n all faimes .the production is 
technically very good and there 
are a couple of superb guitar and 
axophone solos. But , let's face it , 

thank to good producers and ses-
sion mu icians, all it takes to get 
this kind of sound is money, not 
any level of personal anistic abil-
ity. The Osmonds were a part of 
the I 970s, but someone should tell 
them that that 's where they ought 
to be content to stay. 

- Caitlin Woodthorpe 

By Michael Schwartz 
Senior Staff Writer 

The distance between San Di-
ego and New York can be mea-
sured not only in mi les, but in 
cultural differences. This is evi-
dent in the current production of 
"Eastern Standard, " the Broadway 
show of last year that is making its 
San Diego debut at the North 
County Repertory Theatre. 

Jokes about taxi cabs 3nd city 
architecture wentoverthe heads of 
the vast majority of the audience. 
Much of the humor of the play, 
written for the " thirtysomething" 
yuppies lost in the chaos of a me-
tropolis, was lost on the group of 
senior-ci tizens watching in San 
Diego. Billed as "a screwball com-
edy abut happiness and heart-
break," it seems the director might 
also have missed a great deal. 

Like Nei l Simon, playwright 
Richard Greenberg has mastered 
the crafts of writing wi ttydia!ogue, 

mixing liberal humor with deep 
traumas, and creating plays that 
put problems into pro per perspec-
tive in two and a half hours. 

The play' fi rst act puts us in a 
restaurant in midtown Manhattan, 
where a montage of table conver-
sation introduces us to the gang. 
Stephen is a self-proclaimed ar-
chetype of urban blight, a man in 
his thirties de tined to die wi thout 
following through on anything. 
He's been eyeing the woman illing 
at the next table, as he has for 
weeks. Then the re is Drew, 
Stephen's friend who belts out, 
"Oh , actress!" at the passing 
waitress. He's eyeing the man at 
the next lable with the woman. 

In a lucky twist of fate, Phoebe, 
the woman at the next table, has 
been watching Stephen and is in-
terested in him. Her brother, Peter, 
is gay and has been watching Drew. 
However, he's not going to make a 
move as he is silently suffering 

NlUSIC 
SALE 

EVERY COMPACT DISC 
CASSETIE AND MUSIC VIDEO 

IS ON SALE NOW 
FROM MCA GRP, JVC MOTOWN~NARADA,CHESS 

AND VAR~SE SARABANDE! 

A FABULOUS 7 DAY NORWEGIAN 
CRUISE L INE CARIBBEAN CRUISE 
AIRFARE COURTESY O F USAIR I 

OVER 2500 TITLES 
ARE ON SALE! 

Z~ USAir 
1111'P£Tl"Un!ShJ(lS .. Ittftiat't \ ftJS1 fifttww J1j 1" " 

NO PURCHASt: NECESSARY MUST IE " Oft Ot.0£" 
THREE CItUf$EI TO 8( AWAAOEO, DETIJLS AT TOWER. 

BEST OF THE BLUES 
VOL. 5 

IIlJOOI' ..... TERS 
HClM.H WOJ 
JOHN L££>()()I(l]l 
PERCY_rfiO 
WIUJE MII80N 
S/JIHr ear WI.""\o!S()'< 
lIllLE I'4'UUi 
l.OWELl FUlSON 
£DOOE 8Ul'0 
1IIN' ROO£RS 
MEMPHIS MINNIE 
1IIN' N£lSON 

8.99 CD 3.44 CASS 

PRESUMED INNOCENT 
(SOUNDTRACK) 

ELCAJON 
796 Fletcher Parkway 

across from Partwnly Plaza 
OP.N 10 AM TO 10 PM 

CHESS 
CHOOSE FROM OVER 

200 TITLES 
COMPACT DISCS 

8.99 
REG. 9.99 

CASSETTES 

3.44 
REG. 3.99 

VARESE SARABANDE 
CHOOSE FROM OVER 

100 TITLES 
COMPACT DISCS 

11.99 
REG. 13.99 & 14.99 
CASSETTES 

7.99 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 

VIDEO 
3393 Kemper s t. 

MUSIC VIDEOS 
VIDEO SALES & 

BO DIDDLEY 

23.99 2 CD 14.99 2 CASS 

GHOST 
(SOUNDTRACK) 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Cajon Blvd. 

next to Art St. Post Off, 

from AIDS. 
May, an obscene and verbose 

bag lady, throws a bollleof Perrier 
across the restaurant and the ex-
cuse for everyone to meet is cast. 

The 45-minute firs t act set the 
stage for the lengthy and tiresome 
second act, where everyone is 
brought together at Stephen's 
beach house for the summer. Based 
on confrontation and re olution, 
the action teeters on the trite and 
predictable, but Greenberg always 
manages to keep an edge and makes 
us care about these people. 

The actors are all capable of 
carrying their respective roles. The 
weakne s is in the casting of two 
US International University e-
niors in the roles of Stephen and 
Drew. They appear so much 
younger than theirconstantly stated 
thirty years that the audience be-
comes very conscious of actors on 
a ~ tage, and not real people. The 
technical aspects of the show are 

also fine, keeping the focus al-
ways on the actors and not the 
design. An exception to th is is the 
occas ionall y obtru sive wave 
crashing in during the second act. 

While the production i not 
stellar, the quality of material 
merits a tri p to the NCRT to see 
this production. 

This i not a play that ~as a 
great statement to make. It advo-
cates no positions on relationships, 
homosexuality, or anything else. 
At times sad and dis turbing, oth-
ers uplifting and touching, it is 
simplyasliceoflifethat how the 
audience how all problems can be 
overcome. 

What: "Eastern Standard" 
Where : North Coast Repertory 
Theatre,Lomas Santa Fe Plaza, 
SolanaBeach 
When: Thurs.- Sun. till Oct. 27 
TIckets: $12 -$14. Call 481-
1055 for reservations 

UY·8AN 
81010U1! The tf It/Mate-Sung/ass Shoppe 
Over 50 name brands & 3,000 frames in stock from $5 to $800 

• Special orders ' Replacement parts ' Binoculars ' Goggles 
••• • ••••••••••••••• 

• I ucsP COUPON I Exp. 11/19190 • 

• • 
• • : i~1212 : 
: J:sZ-£:'" : 
• ~ '1~r • 
· ~~. . 
• • 
• • 
• Eyes on Del Mar Mon.-Sat. 10-9 1555 Camino Del Mar • 
• Del Mar Plaza Sun. 11-6 Street Level· 792·9211 • 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

TOM SAWYER PlAYS 
WITH 3400 WATTS 

AND GETS BlASTED. 
"Tom auyer" is just one of tlle rock cla ics by Rush 
that's parr of our awesome Laserium experience. 
Argon and Krypton la er image will surround you 
as Ru h hits are played over 12 huge peakers. '0 
(all 238 -1168 for showtime . Then drop by Balboa 
Park tOnight. You'll La R h IlI 
have a bla t. ser llS 

K:)7HC1. FM 



6 HIATUS T he U(.SD Guardian 

STUDENT REGENT APPLICATIONS 

Available now in the following offices: 

ASUCSD - Price Center 

College Deans' Office 

Chancellor's Office 

Graduate Student Association Office - Price Cemer 

Office of Graduate Studies and Research 

School of Medicine - Student Affairs Office 

Student Affirmative Action Office -
BU ilding 'B - Student Center 

Student Information (EDNA) - Price Center 

University Events & Student Activities - Price Center 

Applications are due in the Chancellor's Office no 
later than 5:00 pm, Friday, November 2, 1990. 

Frid ay, O ctober 19, 1990 

Registration begins at 8 a.m. 
First ..... on at.ts at 9 8.m .• Laat ..... on ...... at 4:30 p.m. 

Admission Is $10.00 at the door. 
Everyone Is welcome! 

WITH SPECIAL GUESTS 

SKATALITES & 
GANGBUSTERS 

FRIDAY 
OCT. 19 • 7:30 PM 

UCSD PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 

WITH UCS D MUSIC DEPT. 

FUND 
ContInued from page 1 
ronmittee,saidthat~isaniDtWonamong 
the COWlCil members that they have enough 
to give away. 

There is S42,<XX> presendy left in genemI 
unal.Iocared, he reponed 

"It seems like so much money," Wilcox 
explained. 

Wiloox predicted that the council will not 
start cutting back Wltil after fall quarter when 
the fum is half depleted. 

Although some members of the finance 
conunittee have frequently wamcdthe ooun-
cil about the IXUb1em, they feel that their 
advice is not being heeded, especially by 
other members of the committee. 

During the IDlSl recM couocil meeting, 
theOxuniaceilrWorIdDeIlDCW:Y(CWD) 
"'" IeSIIed $1,725 for bee speakc2s. The 
financecunmitteereoolliWtldcdamendillg 
the aIlocaDan to $1, ISO, funding two of the 
three speakers. 

'Ibc UCSD Guardian 

Thecouncil, afteralengthy deb8fe, finally 
awarded the CWO with the origina1 ~ 
of $1,725, 00 another amcndmat by Third 
College Sophomore Senator Andre Shelly, 
who also sits on the finarx:e committee. 

Wilcox and I:>urn. said that funding any 
of1hespeakm wouJdbeirresponsibiebecause 
it would set a pm:ederu that AS. funded 
speakers. so any other speaker up for funding 
would then have to be funded. 

"We would be queslioning the validity [of 
thespeakerJ in not funding [future speakers]," 
Wilcox said. 

He pointed out that the CWO had already 
been allocated $ 16,<XXl for their film series, 
and that a speaker series should have been 
included in that mtucst, which is the standard 
policy, so that the AS. can fund a series am 
then let theorganizJltion choose the speakers. 

AS. PIt.sidr:nt John Edson had told the 
CWO bef(e submitting their budget in the 
springtocane wirhlbeirmquestbspeakers 
in the fall after a definite progaan had been 
WOIbdout. 

CO-OPS 
ContInued from page 1 
added 

Under the lams of the new lease, the IXHlpS 
will still be charged 47 cenIs per square foot as 
rem. wirh the excqXion of the ~ Cafe, which 
pays ooe third of its gas service charge I!:lating 
to kitchen space imtcad of the ra11, IICCOIding to 
Long. Headdcd that "the R!nt is negotiable every 
time [the 1easecomes up] . .. the UCB could raise 
it or lower it" 

CoIcman expressed concc:m about the fact 
that the lease l6s only one year. 

''The Food Co-op had to I!:gi.sIer as a student 
organization, and then the administtalion said 
that since we are a student organization, if we 
sign a lease, it can only be a onc-year tea.:. 
There's really no security forus," Coleman said. 

Dubb felt thai "hisrorically, [the lease) bad 
been a 6-mon1h renewal and it was automatic. 
The new lease wiD probably be lIlfOmaIic ~ 
newaI." 

AccoIding to Loog. once the lease is signed 
on Monday, lJ{]J policy will allow the lease to 
be IIIfmWjaaJ)y n:newed. 

"As long as Ibc space is being dzal to iIs 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Dicision. of Dennatology 
School of Medicine 

Busines.4i For Sale 
X-l1Udealoffering in-bome apply. 
Neal • boat 01' lady 10 mab ss ? 

$300,000+ pot. saJea 10 far dU.a year. 
IdeU oppty for full 01' Ptr 1IUdeal. 

PaY' your lillian, house. auto A morel 

NEWS 9 

u.rn. isn't being damaged. lIld the SIUdenIs 
using the space are in studentorgaUzabons, [the 
lease] can beex.ended - forever,"Lona Slid. 

Dubb maOJoed the biD being wodcedon by 
the uc SIucIttt Associalion that would tum 
owncrshipof studmI buildings over to studenIs, 
a bill questioned by Long. 

Theadrninistration put money im> [thePricc 
Cctter] and the Srudent Center . .. If [the UCSA 
bill] pa'ISCS, that's all weD and good. but can 
students milly operare a building like the Price 
Center? I'm not saying it can't happen, but it 
would be difficult [with classes]." Long said. 

While the co-ops are expected to sign the 
\ease, not all are completely happy with it 

"A lot was colilplOlII.ised and a lot wi\S not 
ItSOIved," Co1eman said. 

"Things got a little nasty at times, and I think 
that's a shame . .. It wou1d be nice to gel it over 
with, to let the co-ops get back to businrssand let 
the UCB get on to other businc:ss," Long said. 

kmkHe 
the C()py center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation. 

Are you ready 10 lake over a 
ealablilhed bu.iDeu IhaI offen NO 
ovethead, in_tory 01' emp&oy-? I 
have exculJive 10 leU big SS bome 
recreation ilem in SO COUIIIy. I sell 
di=t from my bouse wi .... DO retail 
overhead and have over 300+ 
CUllom en wilh on !!oing referals 
generating income. Will sacrifice IbiJ 
ooe-time oppty at $36K .. hicb will 
pay for iuelf in 3-4 monlh. of full 
-lime wk. My 4 yn efton in 
establishing this businell i. your 
financal gain. Will train : selling. 
closing & product Jcnowledge. Inc A 
sates f,&u",s verified If you ready for 
your own business and have that 
entrepreneurial drive. CaD 979· 1934 

WElSlEll.ICIII.WUI 

HOURS 
457-3775 

Voluntens paid $50.00 for participation. 
If Interested, call 53~55 (leave DIme and number) 

'or call 53+6&+7. 

UCSD'S UE,"SA -
SPECIAL EVENTS PRESENTS 

THE COMIC GENIUS OF 

Jf ' iA lW Ef .......... . ) <~~1',' 
J~. 0/····· . H:: .i ,AN' ' N' ' S··· E' N" i ) . J t \ *,,1 ,~ ,. 
SPECIAL GUEST JEFF MARDER 

OCTOBER 2), TUESDAY, 8:00 PM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

UCSD BOX OFFICE: S14-4S59 77CK"~~"' • 
• ,~. MCIC"I. r-. 
.'., . .,. .. TUI:. 

..... Vou ..... GoTo 
A SPEEDYCaiII w.tI 

or 8 ... 5p8edr eo.. w.hr 
100%AGAEED 

r~~ 
-

Pacific Beach 
1834 Gamet Avenue 

_ Soup Exdump 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

• 



10 CLASSIFffiDS The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza is still UCSD's finest origi-
nal pizzeria. Tear out the BJ's coupon 
and get your taste buds to BJ·s. For 
UCSD's serious pizza eaters I (9/24-
11/30) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
50%-90% off current fashions only at 
Apparel Designer Zone I See our ad in 
today's paper or call the hotline at 450-
3323. (9/24-10/19) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wail. 
Xeroxes and more. Near St . Germains. 
452-9949. (9/24-11/30) 

Writing Help. I've discovered/created 
unique. Fun - yes. fun! approaches 
for serious projects. Begin 481-1810. 
(1 0/3-11130) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore , ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 10 The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, 3 p.m. Monday for Wednesday's issu(!, and 3 p.m. Wednesday for Friday's issue. The 
Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advertiSing including but not limited to 
companionship ads. For more information call 534-5416. Mailing address:UCSD Guard-
ian, 0316, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla , CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center 
A, top floor. 

Scholarships/grants for college are 
available. Millionsgo unclaimed yearly . 
Call 1 -800-334-3881 . (10/8-1111 4) 

ADVERTISING REPRESENTATIVES 
needed althe Guardian. Flexible hours. 
good pay and the absolute BEST ex-
penence for any career after UCSD. 
Call Michael. 534-3467. (10112-10131) 

A.S. Internship Office winter quarter 
deadlines are October 19th. 534-4689, 
3rd floor, Price Center. (10115-10119) 

BIG GREEN. documentary to support 
Prop 128 to handle the environmental 
crisis. Video free every M&W at noon. 
MCC 221 3rd College Media Center. 
(10115-1115) 

Come to the 8th Annual Martial Arts 
Festival this Saturday. Oct. 20 at 6:00 
p.m. in the Main Gym. Demonstra-
tions, food, music and more. (10117-
10119) 

PRAYER & PRAISE EVENING WOR· 
SHIP SERVICE - Join with other 
Christian students on campus for one 
hourfrom 6 to 7 p .m. Sunday Evenings 
in the Police Station Training Room. 
Sponsored by the United Campus 
Ministry UCSD. Information call : 534-
2521 (1 0119-10126) 

Recovering Alcoholics: Males 40-60 
yrs. Hospital·based research in re-
covery from brain effects of alcohol 
abuse. Incentives offered. Call Sean 
Rourke or June Allen 552-8585 
ext.3731 (Mon- Fri) (10119-10/29) 

ASIO California Internship deadlines 
Oct. 26th: l.A. Times, NASA. IBM, 
Academy T.V. Arts/Sciences. 534-
4689 (10119-10122) 

YOURJEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth. education. prayer. socializing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Stu-
dentsl 502 Matthews; east of the Price 
Center. Call Rabbi Slotnick. 534-2521 
(1 0119) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari· Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student discounts . 558-46441226-
1962. (9/24-111 4) 

Piano lessons - my North County 
studio or in your home. Ear training. 
theory . improvisation. beginnerS-in-
termediates, most styles. Steve, 942-
8179. (1 011 -I 0122) 

TYPING: TERM PAPERS, ETC., 
RUSH JOBS AT NO EXTRA 
CHARGE. 453-0656. (1013-1 1130) 

Sinia Costumes 
A vaila b le at 

• Pacific Baach-Paper TmIds 
1826 Gamet Ave. 

• EI CIjon-Ruth Ann', HIIlmlrk 
1059 Broadway 

• Downtown-Big Save 
416 Broadway 
• Aztec Shops 
San Diego State University 

• Esco~rah's 
1624 E. Yalley Parkway 
• Chula Yista-Standees 
279 3rd Avenue 

,----------m 
1 FREE #3 1 
1 Tube of Sinia makeup with I 
l

each costume purchase. 1 
Valid October 1!'r26. 1990. L _NOC valid with any o1her cot/poIlS or discounts. ..J 

There's a whole 
new world out there. 

We' re on the threshold of the 21st century and change around thc 
world is apparent . You can hare the excitement uf creallon ... of 
technology shaping the way we live. For dctails on nur on·campus 
inu:rview , check your Placement Center for: 

On-Campus Interviews 
October 29 

DiSCiplines: • EE • Pbysics 

WatkinS-Johnson Company, Attn : M . Avina , 3333 Hillview Avenue. 
Palo Alto, CA 94304 . An equal opportunity employer m l f / h /v. 

. ,,'" ".' pi'. ,1)",-

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Experi-
enced. Word Processing. Research us-
ing MEDLINE or BRS Colleague; 1 hour 
minimum. Student Rates. Modem. Laser 
printer. 9-7 Mon.-Fri. Weekend ap-
pointments. 753-5964. 1521 Summit 
Ave., Cardiff. (10119) 
WRITING Help from UC-Grad Tutorl 
WrnerlResearcher. All projects welcome. 
Productive, Intense I Start Early. 481-
1810. (10/3-11130) 
Papers typed I Ouick and affordable. 
From $21pg. Call W Colony Resumes & 
Professional Typing. 455-8357. Laser 
printing! 60 typestyles to choose froml 
One day service available. (1 0/5-11130) 
WORD PROCESSING, 4.0 English 
Skills, term papers, experienced disser-
tations, 7 -day week, rush jobs, refer-
ences 755-2683. (10110-10129) 
WORD PROCESSING. Term papers, 
theses. Prlnted on laser printer. Top 
quality, reasonable rates. Howard, (61 9) 
274-0957. (1 0110-10119) 
TYPINGlWORD PROCESSING. PICK-
UPANDDELtVERYAVAILABLE.FAST 
SERVICE. LOW RATES. CALL 931 -
7857, 8 a.m.-5 p.m. (10112-10122) 
Difficutties in French? I can help. It·s 
easy, just cal Laurent Jesover at 457-
4612. (10117-10/22) 
Russian Lessons by native speaker wI 
experience In Moscow University. 450-
1874 (10119-10122) 
Bartender school - DaylNlght Course 
250.00 - Refresher Course Oct 20 and 
Nov 10, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. 45.00. 1.aoo-
227-()()3() BADD-REACTS (1 0/19-11 /16) 
TYPING - PROOFREADING - EDIT-
ING. Term Papers, MAs, PH.D.s, Le-
gal, and Medical. RUSH JOBS. Call 
MARIE -931 -9596 (10/19-10/22) 

WANTED 
Research: Healthy women ages 18-
30. Long, irregular menstrual cycles. 
Involves sleeping with light 5 nights, 
daily blood drawing one cycle. Pay-
ment: $10/draw ($350+). Message : 
552-8585 ext 3219 "menstrual study." 
(9128-10119) 

Delivery driver for pizza restaurant. 
Must be 18 and have good driving 
record and dependable car. 4 or 5 
eves per week 5:45-10 p.m. Hourly 
pay plus tips. Apply in person 3-6 p.m. 
DiMattia 's Pizza & Pasta , 8650 
Genesee #312, San Diego. (10/5-10/ 
22) 

'HollO .,_.U/.j(} 
an adventure in cards (; gfjls 

roo Regents Rd. 
La Jolla Colony Plaza next to Yons 

450-0709 

Childcare needed in Del Mar 4 :30-
7:00 some days . Own car. 755-6172. 
(1015-1 0131 ) 

Babysitter needed. Beautiful fun girls 
ages 4 and 7. Occasional weekend 
evenings Del Mar. 793-0570 (10119-
10/26) 

Happy with your present salary? I need 
people who want to make more ASAP 
(619) 758-4602. (10110- 11130) 

Telemarketers wanted. Flexible hrs. 7 
a.m.-l1 a.m. or 1 1 a.m.-3 p.m., hourly 
wage plus commission weekly, close 
to school. Fun environmentllf you are 
a motivated person who wants the 
chance to make up to $450 per week 
call now. 566-4569. (1018-10119) 

ADVERTISING REPRESENTATIVES 
needed attha Guardian. Flexible hours. 
good pay and the absolute BEST ex-
perience for any career after UCSD. 
Call Michael, 534-3467. (10112 -1 0131 ) 

FREE TREATMENT FOR ATHLETE'S 
FOOT. Volunteers needed for clinical 
trial of new athlete's foot spray medi-
cation . Pleasecall UCSD Healthline at 
543-5820 for more information. (101 
15-10119) 

Graduate into a $30,000+ per year 
part time incomel Ad. nowl Call for 
information. 491-2247. (10117-10126) 

Actors wanted for casting of student 
film. Roles available: Hispanic female 
age 18-22, Caucasian female age 50-
50, Hispanic male age late 2O's-early 
40's, Caucasian male approx. 35 yrs 
Blue Eyes (contacts are acceptable), 
various Hspanlc roles, Auditions will 
be held Sun., Oct. 21 . Contact Erin 
455-7342 or Peter 535-1274 for 1oca-
tion and times. (10117-10/19) 

Journalism majors soughtl Is your 
portfolio empty? Ready to learn the 
magazine business first-hand? Con-
sumer magazine is seeking editorial 
intern (unpaid). Call Metropolitan 
Magazines, 535-9526, ask for Linda. 
(10117-1 0122) 

Domino's Pizza at UCSD is now hiring 
for Customer Service Representatives. 
Must be at least 16 years old . ener-
getic and efficient with an outgoing 
personality. Will be responsible for 
greeting customers, taking piua or-
ders and other store operations. Eli-
gible applicants should apply at the 
UCSD store, located at 3211 Holiday 
Court after 3:30 p.m. (10119-11130) 

Frid ay, October 19, 1990 

WANTED: Used Molecular Model sets. 
Tell a friend. I will buy these. Paul, 
evenings: 552-1038. (10117·10126) 

TRADE- 2 tickets for Jane's Addic-
tion . Have Saturday- Need Friday. 
Can 't go Saturday. Lara 582-1234, 
after 5. (10/19-10124) 

Attention prospective bands: Are you 
good? Want to jam on Fridays in front 
of live audiences? Want to be part of 
UCSD's n_est tradition? II so, call 
Pavao at 546-8701 . (10/8-10119) 

Wanted - Mother's helper, must be 
reUable, considerate, sensible, ener-
getic, and organized. A valid drivers 
license and transportation is neces-
sary. $6.00 to sa.OO per hour. Send 
qualifications to : Carol Shaffer. 
P .0 .Box 3208, Rancho Santa Fe, Cal. 
92067. (10/19-10/29) 

FOR SALE 
FOR SALE: IBM PC Junior. Color ter-
minal, Okidata Microline 92 printer. 
MAKE AN OFFER, CALL 270-9220. 
(1015-11130) 

Peugeot racing bike. Avocet cyctom-
eter. Good condition . New $480, ask-
ing $250. Miguel 457-0976. (1 0/8-10/ 
19) 

Guitar, Flying-V with Seymour Duncan 
and case, $100. Amp, Crate G-20, 
$120. Jeff, 558-5745. (10110-10119) 

'73 Datsun wagon - sounds old -
insides all NEW. This is the car for 
YOU - 299-2561. (10112-10119) 

Del Mar- whyrenl?$112.900condo. 
2 BR, 2 BA, pool. spa, beach 1 mile. 
Chris, 931 -6977. (10112-11114) 

Two Jane's Addiction Tickets for Sat. 
Nov. 3. Call Barbara, 457-5690 or 587-
2087, leave message. (10117-10119) 

Saab 9OOS, 5 spd. , sunroof-AWFM 
cassette. 1984 with spotless interior. 
$4.000 o.b.o. Call 587-8872. (10117-
10/22) 

Are-engine red Niahiki Century 10 
speed, Good condition, $150 o.b.o. 
Call 558-8114. (10117-10119) 

For Sale- 3 Jane's Addiction TICkets 
for Saturday Showl $175 o.b.o. Call 
Dave 483-7077 or Bryan 488-1723. 
(10117-10119) 

Stereo, Sony CD, Pioneer Receiver. 
JVC Dual Cassette, Excellent condi-
tion. Must sell $200, call 458-0934. 
(10/17-10126) 

IBM Compatible, 386SX, 16 MHz. 1 
Mb RAM, 3.5" HD Floppy, 40 Mb Hard 
Drive. 2400 baud intemal modem, 14" 
VGA Monitor. Purchased June, works 
perfectly. $1 ,290 o.b.o. Man, 450-681 1. 

KEYBOARD, Yamaha YPR-9, touch-
sensitive keys, w/pedal, 1 month new, 
was $600, sacrifice $450. 578-4429. 
(10/17-10/19) 

ROLLARBLADE SKATES. Barely 
Used. Size 8, but fits men/women size 
8-9112. $65. 587-8612. (10/17-10/19) 

MAC FLOPPY DRIVE: Cuning Edge. 
Like new. $100/080. Call Dave at 
693-3072. (10/19-10124) 

NEW CliENTS 
ONLY 

W ....... arClil 
lor IIIIIOinImInt 

OPEN:'Ikn,-S1L .7 
j .... ,..,Q.;iiu.. .. _ ... , 
• Full Set .............. .... $16.95 
• FiIIs ...... .................. $10.95 
• Pedicure ................ $10.95 
• Manicure ................. $5.115 

Friday, October 19, 1990 

STUDENT AIR FARES. RESERVE 
HOLIDAY TRAVEL EARLY. USA, 
EUROPE. FREE BONUS MILES. 481 -
1264 (10/19) 

Beds - double mattress set 50.00. 
Futon w/frame-Iwin- 75.00. Tanya 
274-3323 -I can deliver. (10119-101 
22) 

Washer- May tag , white . not very old. 
75-100$. I can deliver. Tanya 274-
3323 leave message. (10/19-10122) 

Mountain Bike- yellow. needs front 
brakes. $50.00 OBO: Has Suntour ac-
cessories. Tanya 274-3323 leave 
message. (10119-10122) 

PIANO- Spinet, practice. Good tone 
s.. quality. $350.00 OBO - I can de-
liver. Tanya 274-3323. (10/19-10/24) 

Channel Island surfboard, 6'1", white , 
tri -fin , squash tail with channels , 
shaped by AI Merrie, good condition, 
call David 558-6161 (10119-10/22) 

Refrigerator 1.7cf $50.00 or best. Mi-
crowave with turntable .59 cf $50.00 
or best. Can Deliver259-2027. (10/19) 

JANE'S ADDICTION 1 ticket Friday, 
Nov.2 - $60.00. call 558-9359 or ask 
for Matt (Argo 433) (10/19-10122) 

the Best Chicken 

Fast Food 
You Can 

Feel Good 
Aboutl 

4150 R<' 9<' nt, Park Row La Jolla 
450 -9094 

N ext to Ben & Jerry ', 

Join The Faculty Oub! 

Membership in the 
Faculty Club is 

open to all faculty, 
staff and 

graduate students. 
You can 

start your membership 
in the Club for 

as little as 562.00. 
Members pay a 1 time 

initiation fee and 
monthly dues of $12. 

Members enjoy 
• Club charge privileges 

• Weekday breakfast 
and lunch service 

• Friday Happy Hour 
• Special member events 

Billy Idol tickets $45 ea. OBO, Sports 
Arena. Fri. Ocl. 26. Call Rob at 452-
2876. (10119-10122) 

Last Chance . Cannondale 1990 
SR800, 3.0 Series, all Shimano 600, 
59 cm. woth $1 ,000 sell $500.00. 558-
8635 (10/19) 

Scooter. 1989 Yamaha Jog, 50cc (40 
mph) Excellent condition , 74cents fills 
the tank. 50/85 mpg. $750 OBO. Mov-
ing. Nicola. evenings 453·9584 or leave 
message. (10119) 

Surfboards, Almost New- 6'10" 
Longboard $170 w/cover. Used 6'3" 
Squashtail. 259-2055 evenings. (101 
19) 

Racing Bike, Campinc.la Everything, 
Look Pedals, Great Deal Must Sell 
$100. 259-2055. (10/19) 

HOUSING 
Roommate ; female non-smoker. 
Available nowl $400 per month. de· 
JX)sit negotiable, 1 12 utilities. 10 min. to 
UCSD. Own room wlba, great apart-
mentl Call 270-4187. (10/8-10119) 

Pacific Beach: Share 2 bedroom wlall 
amenities. Near beach and bay. $2491 
mo. JoelGreg 272-2410. (10117-101 
19) 

T he UCSD Guardian 

Roommate wanted - share 2 bed-
room house in Pacific Beach. Own 
room. off street parking, one block to 
Bay. $375 plus 1/2 utilities. Call Chris, 
273-5742. (10/12-10122) 

La Jolla: Furnished room, private entry 
and bath. Walk to beach, 2 miles to 
UCSD. on busline. Microwave, fridge, 
laundry facilities. Female preferred. 
$41 5lmonth. 459-5361 . (1 0112-1 0/19) 

Female roommate needed for beauti -
ful La Jolla International Gardens 
apartment. Complex 3-5 minutes from 
campus with pool , spa, gym, micro-
wave, dishwasher and more. $3411 
mo. Jennifer at 558-6053. (10115-101 
19) 

Female to share master bedroom in 
condo, P.B .• near bay. beach, bars, 
Nov. 1 $237. 277-0966. (10117-10119) 

$2321 own room in Clairemont house. 
4 bedrooms/ 2 bathrooms wI washer & 
dryer, fireplace. 541-2073 Keiko. 
Steve, Rebekah. (10119-10124) 

NEED ROOM AND BOARD? Will of-
fer "living in" situation in La Costa in 
exchange for childcare some morn-
ings and evenings. Will be flexible. 
Call Cathy@436-5051 . (10119) 

AmIMA OR AIlERGIF5? 
MEDICAL EVALUATION AND CARE 

BY BOARD CERTIFIED ALLERGIST AT NO COST TO YOU 

ALLERGIES/ HAY FEVER 
• One week study of investigational nasal spray 

• Must be between ages of 18 and 60 

• Hay fever symptoms (runny, stuffy, itchy nose or 
sneezing) 

• PAYMENT OF UP TO $80 TO QUALIFIED PARTICIPANTS 
ASTIIMA 
• 21-week study of investigational asthma medication 

• Symptoms of wheezing, chest tightenss , coughing or 
shortness of breath 

• Must be age 12 or over 

• PAYMENT OF UP TO $700 TO QUALIFIED PARTICIPANTS 

IU "I \IH II (i1- (11'\1(\1 ( tl/l 1'\"111l n .1,,( .271-1690 

Room for rent in a Home. Non-smok-
ing Female, near Campus. $3501 
month. 546-7123 0 or 459-7313 N. 
(1 011 9) 

2 ROOMS FOR RENT, UTC, SECU-
RITY COMPLEX . POOL, SPA, 
SAUNA. RAOUETBALL , 360l mo 
(master) 450-1874. (1011 9) 

3 ROOMMATES WANTED for 4bd 
University City House. Near all. Fire· 
place. garden, carpeting, spacious. 
459-2935. (10119-10/29) 

REPOSSESSED VA AND HUD 
HOMES available from government 
from $1 without credit check. You reo 
pair. Also tax delinquent foreclosures 
CALL 1-805-682-7555 EXT H-1443 
for repo list your area. (1 0119) 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: Gold anklet. Call to identify, 
x42487. (9/28-10122) 

PERSONALS 
Beautiful outdoor dining overlooking 
Torrey Pines golf course I Tasty. nutri· 
tious cuisine , all you can eat salad 
bar ... Choices 554-FOOD. (20% dis· 
count w/ UCSD 10). (9/24-11 130) 

CLASSIFIEDS 11 

Did you see the Costa Verde FREE 
LUNCH DEAL? When you spend $50 
- anywhere in the mall , (yes even 
groceries at Big Bear) in the month of 
October, you get a $5 lunch FREE! 
(10/5- 10119) 

ADVE RTISING REP RESENT ATIVES 
needed at the Guardian. Flexible hours, 
good pay and the absolute BEST ex· 
perience for any career after UCSD. 
Call Michael , 534-3467. (10112-10131) 

Joya- Lost you Friday, 10112. Where 
did you go? Call me 467-9053. J.V. 
(10117-10119) 

Carrie · I survived, am still living after 
that hellish week. Really . truly, this 
time I will be there. (I Hope). Say hi to 
Ebee for me. This is one of those 
obvious hints. (1 0119) 
Hey SAEI Looking forward to some 
BL T action tonight. Don your Boxers. 
Leather, or Toga and get psyched! 
KKG (1 0/ 19) 
Howdy UCSD and USD Delts, Ready 
to Rage tomorrow? Our sisters from 
Northridge and Long Beach can·t wait 
to meet the Delta men of San Diegol 
Love ya , AOPi's. 

Caren - how is the narcalepsy? That 
can be a real problem when studying 
for midterms. Especially if you have 
cataplexy too. (10119) 



SPORTS 
------------------------------------------

12 SPORTS 

• Armstrong Says Alberts 
To Miss Rest of Regular 
Season with Head Injury 

Junior forward Mike Al berts will more 
than likely beout forthe remainderofthe 
UCSO men'~ occer team's regular 
season, according to Triton Head Coach 
Derek Armstrong. 

Alberts was originally injured on Oct. 
7 at CSU San Bernardino, when he col-
lided in mid-air with the Coyotes' center 
fullback. 

Initial reports said that Alberts suf-
fered a concussion, and would be hos-
pitalized overnight for observation. 

But, ources said, irregularities were 
discovered in his x-ray, and doctors, 
unsure of whether the injury is from a 
previou injury, have recommended that 
he be kept out of action for 4-6 weeks. 

Alberts has since been scheduled for 
a reexamination by a neurosurgeon, ac-
cording to Armsrrong. 

Armstrong added that it is conceiv-
able that AlbertS could return to action 
by the playoffs. 

ON THE AIR 
Women' s Volleyball vs. The Master's 
College 
(tape delay) KSDT 95.7 (cable) FM. 
540 AM; Tonight, 8 p.m. 

SCORES AND STATS 
Scores and statistics for UCSD atW("tic 
events for the period of 10-12 to 10-18 

MEN'S SOCCER 
(13-2.1, ranked fifth nallonolly) 

UCSD 2 Wostmlnster 1 
UCSD Goal. : West (2. penany kicks) 
UCSD 2 Loyola Maiymount 0 
UCSD Goals: 8nntzonhoff, Nu"mg 

WOMEN'S SOCCER 
('1·2·1. ranked third natlonally) 

UCSD 3 Westmont I 
UCSD Goal.: Undsay. Parker. Bradford 
UCSD 6 Pomona·Pitt", 0 
UCSD Go.'s: Undsay (2). Pa!l<er, Bradlord (2). Shea 
UCSO I UC Irvine 0 (OT) 
UCSD Goal : Pa!l<er 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 
(24-6, ranked aecond n&tlonally) 

UCSOd OccIdental IS ·S, 15-S. 15·3 
UCSDd Tho Master's 15-8. 1S-9. 14.16, 2·15, 15·7 

MEN'S WATER POLO 
(4-'8) 

UC Irvone 13 UCSO 4 

I 

UPCOMING EVENTS 
HOME EVENTS IN BOLD 
Games lrom 10-1 910 1'" 

MEN'S AHO WOMEN'S CROSS COOHTIIY 
October 27. all day, UCSO Invl1atlonel 

MEN'S SOCCER 
Monday, 3:30 p.m • • , Pomon.·P .. er 
Octo"" ai, 2:30 p.m., \IS. USlU 

WOMEN'S SOCCER 
SII",day,3 p.m., \IS . OcCId«IIll COllege 
Monday. 3 p.m., at Claremont Colleg. 
October ai, noon, va. CSU San _dlno 
OcI_r 31 . 3 p.m . a1 Cat Luthoran Uriv.rsity 

WOMEN'S VOUEYBAU 
Fnday·SIIurday, aU day . at WashIngton Univelsoty 
Na1 .... llnYl1abonal (St, Loul •• Mls .... n) 
Tuoadey. 7:30 p.m . at Cal Stat. Oomngue. Hills 
0cI. 26·27, .11 day. at OcodantaJ College Inv~atJonal 

MEN S WATER POI.O 
Friday. 7 p.rn • a1 UC INine 
Oct_ 21, 3:30 p.m., va. SUlnIOfd 
Oct 27 ·28. all day, .. 4ger In.., .. ional (Long Boacf1) 
0..- 31, 3:30 p.m~ \IS. uc_ 

The UCSD Guardian Friday, October 19, 1990 

I Extra Effort in Extra Period 
• Women's soccer goes to overtime to 
get its 10th shutout of the season, a 1-0 
decision over UC Irvine Wednesday ; 
Cheryl Parker scores the winning goal 
By Robb Earnest 
Staff Writer 

At halftime of Wednesday ' women's soccer game between 
UCSD and UC Irvine, it appeared that the Tritons had everything 
under control. 

The score after 45 minutes of play was 0-0, but the Tritons didn't 
eem to be overly concerned. 

TIley were smiling and talkative, as though they had something 
up their sleeves. Like they new that they would core the winning 
goal eventually. Even if it took an extra period . 

Although the Tritons dominated most of the game, neither team 
had many scoring opponunitie in regulation play. 

Going into ovenime, the Tritons looked fresher and stronger than 
the Antealers. A minu te and 15 econds into the extra period, fresh 
and trong took over. 

Karin Lindsay nailed a cro s that wa vo lleyed in by Cheryl 
Parker past the diving Anteater goalkeeper. 

The assist will have to do for Lindsay. who failed to record a goal 
for the firs t time in seven games. 

"We created more chances than they did. We outplayed them at 
least 70 percent of the game," Head Coach Brian McManus said. 

One of the major reasons the Tritons outplayed Irvine could be 
found in the defense. Make that four reasons. 

Defenders Danielle Placek, Jaymie Bradford, Jennifer Kingsbury, 
and goalie Karin Carper enjoyed solid games. Carper recorded her 
ten th shutout of the season. 

According to McManus, the win -the Tritons' second overthe 
Division [ Anteaters this year - was a big one for UCSD. 

"This was as well as we've played all year," he said. 
" We're still a young team , and we are trying to find that right 

blend. We' re getting close. 

Greg Benes/Guardian 
Jennifer Kingsbury has been part of 10 shutouts this season. 

"One thing that we have to work on is trying not to panic. Even 
if you dominate 90 percent of the game, you have to leam to deal 
with that other 10 percent when your opponent puts the pressure on." 

Volleyball Avoids Big Upset 
By Andrew Gayton 
Guardian Reporter 

The UCSO women's volleyball team 
learned a les~on in humility Wednesday 
night from The Master' s College, 

The Master's came into the game rela-
tively unknown to UCSD. Although the 
Tritons' record is 2-0 against the Mustangs, 
UCSD Head Coach Doug Dannevik said 
beforeha.nrl that he didn't know what to 
expect. And he nearly paid for it. 

But, after two hours of a grueling volley-
ball tug-o-war, the Tritons (24-6) squeaked 
by the Mustangs in five games, 15-8, 15-9, 
14-16,2-15,15-7. 

The victory boosted UCSO's record to 
24-6, but really had no bearing on its number 
two NCAA Division ill ranking. 

For the first two games, at least, the 
Tritons held to form, holding the Mustangs 
to single digits. Like a well-oiled machine, 
UCSD used all its parts efficiently. 

Middle blocker Elizabeth Tan had the 
ball nearly dancing on the net, with several 
dips and fakes. Tan also showed some power 
by pounding 11 kills. 

Outside hitter Dana Simone kept the 
Mustang defense busy diving to dig up her 
powerful kills, What The Master's managed 
to return left its hands numb from the impact. 

Freshman setter Julie Fabian showed her 
patented consistency with 4 1 assists in four 
games. 

Amy Banachowski, st ill recovering from 
a sprained ankle, came through with 13 
assi t in game three. 

" We're tryi ng to slowly get Amy back in 
the game," Dannevik said. "She will play in 
the upcoming tournament, but probably not 
stan. " 

After winning the first two games hand-

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Julie Fabian (I) is currently starting; Jennifer Cross (r) has yielded her starting job. 
ily, the Tritons stumbled in games three and 
fo ur, nearly burying themselves under six 
feet of vo lleyballs and bunhuggers in the 
proverbial hole. 

Dannevik rleared the bench for game 
three , and the Tri tons promptly fell behind 
7-2. They fought a grueling game in falling 
14- 16, but the in itial deficit was just too big. 

' 'The was the firstli me [the second string) 
played on the ir own." Dannevik said. "They 
didn ' t play with spi rit. It was j ust an ugly 
match." 

The Triton~ ~witched gears for game 
four, sli pping in the staners from games one 
and two. This proved their undoing, as the 

Mustangs took a quick 7-0 lead. 
You could have safely taken a restroom 

trip at that point, and saved yourse lf the 
pain. 

"Tht starters were cold from the one 
game lag," Dannevik aid, "They were out 
of rhythm, and frustrated from the previous 
game [loss)." 

Warming to their task, Ihe staners came 
out for game five and dominated the Mus-
tangs, with thehelpoftwoaces from Simone 
and outside hitter Liz Vesanovic. 

Aside from a yellow card on Dannev ik , 
the Tritons dispatched the Mustang wi th-
out any hint of their earlier tumble . 

Friday, October 19, 1990 

UCSD NOTEBOOK 

A preview of this weekend's UCSD sporting events: 
• WOMEN'S SOCCER: 
Occidental at UCSD, Saturday, 3 p .m. 

Pomona-Pitzer, where are you? The Tritons' on-again, off-
again schedule lakes another swerve into the world of the off-
again, as UCSD will face off against Occidental Saturday. 

After trouncing Pomona-Pitzer 6-0 last Monday, the Tritons 
went into overtime Wednesday, squeaking by UC Irvine 1-0 . 
Now, here come the Occidental Tigers. 

Our crack research staff thought it couldn ' t get much worse 
than Pomona-Pitzer, which the Tritons had outscored 23-0 before 
the most recent slaughter-fest. 

But, wouldn't you know it , here comes a team agai nst which the 
Tritons have recorded back-to-back 7-0 victories. The numbers, 
however, are misleading. 

In fact, Occidental should provide significantly more compe-
tition than the Sagehens, as it has only been outscored 17-0 in its 
last three games. 

If the Pomona-Pitzer game is any indication, the Occidental 
contest will more than likely be hotly contested- when UCSD 
Head Coach Brian McManus puts in the second string. 

• WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL: 
U~SD at Washington University (MO) National Invitation, 
Fnday-SaturdIlY, all day 

Mr. Dannevik goes to Washington ... University in St. Louis, 
that is. 

The nationally second-ranked Tritons head to the great Mid-
west this weekend for some major-league volleyball action. 

The winnerofthe invitational will more than likely be favored 
at the national championship tournament in mid-November. 

The top-notch competition will include the number one team in 
the nation, defending champion Washington University, the fourth-
ranked team in the nation College of St. Benedict, and theeleventh 
and twelfth-ranked teams, La Verne and Illinois-Benedictine. 

The Tritons are heading to Missouri at nearly full strength. 
Setter Amy Banachowski has almost fully recovered from a 
sprained ankle and will see playing time, but Julie Fabian will s till 
start in her place, according to Head Coach Doug Dannevik. 

- PETER KO 

The UCSD Guardian 

Goro 
MfDICA~ ~QlOOL 

lUll.0Mt 
l 'A\O ,:. 
-

Find out how you can have your medical school tuition , required books and 

SPORTS 13 

fees. paid in full - plus earn more than $700 a month while you attend school. 
Clip and mall the coupon below, and we'll sen d you full deta ils on the Armed 

Forces Health ProfeSSions Scholarship Program. 
We' ll tell you how you coul d qua li fy for a Physician's Scholarship from the 

Army, Navy Dr Air Force 
If selected, you 'll not only beat the high cost of medical school , you ' ll also galll 

valuable medical experience serving on active duty 45 days each school year as 
a commiSSione d officer In the Reserves . 

After graduation, you 'll serve three years or more- dependlllg on the Service 
you select and the level of scholarship assistance you receive- as a respected 
Armed Forces physiCian . You'll also get good pay, regular hours. great benefits 
and the chance to work With a vanety of patients and the latest medical 
technology. 

If you meet the age requirements noted below for the Service of your cholce -
and want to cut the expense of medical school - send for more IIlfOrmatlon today. 

--------., • YES' Send me lull dela,ls on how Ihe Armed Forces Health ProlesSlons ScholarshIp Program 
• can help cui my medical school expenses I meet the age reqUirements nOled below 

I I understand I am under no obligation Ma,1 thIS coupon 10 Armed Forces Scholarshops. PO Boa 2865 I Huntongton Statoon. NY 111461t02 9017 Check up to three Army NaVV Ai r Force 
(21 -34 ye". 01 "le) (206 y .. " ohge) (1 1·34 ye." 01 "l.1 

I Ptea ~e punt ali mtormatlon (,uri.,. and complete!.,. I Name Male Female f.rlt M ,"~le I",t, . l.st 
Address Apt N 

I CIty Stateb -~p I;:::;I~I:::;:I :::;:1 ~I I Phone I I I I I I I I I I Soc Sec No I I I I CD I I I I I 
AlII Celli N· , .... tle. 

I College Birth DaieCD IT] CD ~~ ~~. I F,eld 01 Stud V Gradu.toon Dale L..LJ CD M o 1f, 
The Inlo,mllion you voluntartly prOVide Will De used lo r lecrul11ng oUlposes only The mO't! complete IllS the 
bener we Cln respond 10 .,our request (Authorlt)' 10 USC 5031 

~-------~ 

I. 
Paper CMf'S rock, rock smashes 

scissors, scissors cut paper. Or 
. more precisely: Paper Trends has the hipper 

coverups for wrapping that precious rock from La 
.lola Jewelry Center. Which would be a smashing 

HeYr a you want 10 win the convenience game, 
Cosio vente Center beats all, hands down! 
Other stores: Big Bear • Dow Stereo 
• Pier 1 • W"thCMn Gifts 

finale to a new cut and penn from Pinwheels. 
• Graphics Gallery • HotSpots 
• Men's Wearf!ouse • Changts Cuisine 



14 The U SD Guardian Friday, October 19,1990 

v o L L E y B A L L 

2·MAN 
Nate Brown Shines Again at Championships 

We all know that UCSD junior Nate Brown is the very best It's too early to predict a new dynasty in this event. 
volleyball player on campus. And now we know again. In but Nasty Nate has a leg up. And it won't surprise 
absolutely dominating fashion, Brown dug, set, and spiked anyone in this neck of the brewery, if does happen. 
his way past four Men's Open challenge teams to win his In the 24-team Men's Intermediate Division, the 
first UCSD 2-Man Volleyball Championship last Saturday. team of Scott Eastridge-Bill Eidenmuller came 

FOOTBALL MEN'S A In the finals, Brown blew past the team of Ii'l Matt Adams- through the loser's bracket and took out winner's 1. ANAL BIRTH 2-0 Chad Hinkle 15-6 to complete a four match blitzkrieg that bracket champs Ken Franco-Brad K,\ufmann twice 
2. TURBO PHALLUS 2-0 As of Oct. 17 allowed opponents a total of only 15 points combined to win the championship. The scores were short and 3. ANGRY AFTERBIRTH 2-0 during the entire tournament. Brown, himself, was a one- close 11 -9, 7-5. 
4. NOTHING BEATS BUD 2-0 man gang pounding ball-after-ball into the Main Gym hard- Kaufmann-Franco had won 5 consecutive matches REC_ 5. HALF-TIME BAND 2-0 wood for winners. On defense, he came up with plenty of in the winner's bracket before bumping into the Big MEN'S AM 6 SADDAM'S FLYERS 2-0 

spectacular digs as well. E's. Eastridge-Eidenmuller lost a tough 15-13 semi-1. SHOOKIES 2-0 7. 7 ROLLED WIGUAC 2-0 
2. YORK HUNT CLUB 2-0 8. THE CUTIERS 2-0 Oh yahl He did have a partner in the tournament. Kind final match to Chris Classe-Brian Lichitblau earlier 
3. CHOCOLATE CITY 2-0 9. THE NAVIGATORS 2-0 of. But his partner didn't do that much. In fact, very little. To in the day, one which put them into the loser's 
4 BIG AL'S SOLDIERS 1-1 10. SAEII 2-0 be honest, it was the Nate Brown show, pretty much all bracket. 
5. SIG EPS 1-1 morning and afternoon. 

COED 
MEN'SAA 1 BALL GANG 1-0 

THE BUD POUNDERS POLL 1. GETAGRIP 2-0 2. CHUTZPAH 2-0 MEN'S A 
2. SCRUBS 2-0 3. CAPRICIOUS DILDOS 2-0 1M Volleyball 1 Maggie's Diaper Sweat (9-0) 3. TAKE IT DEEP 2-0 4 WARM PUPPIES 2-0 2 Team Jaeger (8-1) 
4. ROLLING LARS 2-0 5. COPULATING KIDS 2-0 

Rankings through Oct 16 3 Whiteman's Afflictions (6-0) 5. BILLY JOE'S DREAM 2-0 6. HEf 'HEY IN THE HOOCH 2-0 4 Mother Goose (8-1) 6. COL ECTIVE ACTION 2-0 7 R ASS ON THE LINE 2-0 5 Bio-Engnerds (8-1) 7. HO BASHERS 2-0 8 JOCKS & BROADS 2-0 MEN'S AM 
8. SLAMING SIGS 1-0 9. WENT FOR TWO 2-0 1 Superwhales Uve (3-0) Game 01 The Week: 
9. BOBCATS 1-0 10. CORLEONE'S 2-0 2 Young Guns VI (2-1 ) sat/Oct ':O/l08m1Maln Gym 
10 BEAVER HUNT 1-1 3 Johnny's Rockets (2-1 ) Particle Man vs. Ball Me 

WOMEN 4 Chicks-A-Plenty (2-1) 
1 CAROLYN WHO? 1-0 5 Warry's Wascals (4-2) WOMEN'SAA 
2. LOST IN A FOGG 1-0 Game 01 The Week: 1 Set, Spike, Dig (6-0) 

Wed/Oct 24J9:30pmlMain Gym 2 Dig This (4-2) 
Chlcks·A-Plenty vs. Boys From The Hood 3 KART (4-2) 

FLOOR 4 WHOOHI (7-2) 4 RISC PUCK US ALL 1-0-1 5. INSERTIONAL ACTIVATION 1-1 MEN'S AA 5 Amazon Women (4-2) 
HOCKEY 6. BROO(EN STICKS 0-0-1 1 Cramps (9-0) Game 01 the Week: " . HAPPY HOUR 1-2 2 Neuromuscular Disease (6-0) Mon/Oct 22J9:15pmlMaln Gym 
As of Oct. 20 3 Box Mowers (6-0) Whoohl VS. The Big Red 0 COED A 4 Dig Your Grave (8-1) 

1. THOR'S CUP 2-0 5 Worthless Wonders (7-2) WOM EN'S A 
COEDAAA 2. THE HORDE 2-0 6 Hemp For Victory (7-2) 1 Sleestaks (9-0) 
1 CANNIBALS 1-0 3. NO CONTROL 1-0 7Twin Less (5-1) 2 We Dig Balls (7-2) 
2. MONGRUEL GRUEL 1-0 4. FK 1-0 8 Spankin' The Leather (6-3) 3 Inspikering (5-1) 
3. BUrnlD STIKES AGAIN 2-t 5. SLAP MY STICK SILLY 1-0 9 We Dig (7-2) 4 Making More Cleavage (4-2) 
4. SCRAP 0-1 6. HARD FLOORS-HARD BODIES 1-0 10 Jenny, Don't Tell (7-2) 5 I Dig 2 (4-2) 

7. GLAZED NUTS 1-0 
Game of The Week: Game 01 the Week: COEDAA 8. SPIDERS 1.0 

1. STICK ITiN 2-0 9. I-HOUSE RETINAS 1-0 Tue/Oct 23/11:15pm1Maln Gym ThuJOct 25/8:15pmlRec Gym 
2. HOLE-IN·A·HEART 2-0 10. WINDED BUT WILD 1-0 Rnlle State Warriors VS. Rodents of Unusual SIze Weflness WhIzzes vs, Jack Bunny & 2 Chicks 
3. PUCKING DRABOS 1-0 

Amy's ALL-WET Tube-Polo Update 
AA: With two weeks of the season down the drain the 
cream is rising to the top of the Natatorium. Fortu-
nately, the sophisticated filtration system at the 
'nat' can handle the residue better than the Budman '5 
XR-4000 Supercomputer. 

Goals are being tallied at a record pace and it Is 
difficult to tell just how legit some of the final scores 
are. The highest scoring team, KOKOPEW, is 
averaging 25 goals per game. But, then they have 
been playing against stiffs who make lifeguards very 
nervous. The story in AA is most likely the same as 
it has been for years. 

The SWIM FAGS are playing with a renewed arro-
gance. Captain Rich DanielS claims, "We are not 
only the most talented team, but also the best 
looking. We look to good to lose. I've seen all the 
other teams, and there just isn't anyone that can 
touch us - though I wish someone WOUld." Several 
other squads may respond to the SWIM FAGS self 
proclaimed supremacy. 

Arst on the agenda is DEJA VU. On Monday night 
they will clash with the 'FAGS' in a rematch of last 
years championship game_ Paul Castle berg's DEJA 
VU squad Is led in scoring by Kiwi Reinhart, but 
Daniels will counter on defense with Randy Franke 
who Is still on parole for what he did to a poor gal in 
a game last spring (she is recovering quite well) _ 
Castleberg Is hoping that all the attention on Reinhart 
will let Matt Corey and Tracy Kehr get open and take 
advantage of the weak goalies that guard the SWIM 
FAGS net_ 

The other squads that have shown the most spark 
so far are GETTING TUBED, POKING EUPHORIA and 

the veteran squad of Don TUBE STEAK. 
EUPHORIA will be tested on Sunday nl .... t by RUB-
BERS FOR EVERYONE. Both teams are undefeated 
thus far. TUBE STEAK may be the best of this bunch, 
but will have to waft for the playoffs to see the top 
two squads of Monday night's 'Little Fat Kid' league. 
A: This is traditionally a sand bag deluxe division and 
it Is comforting to know that this season Is no 
exception. Fortunately, the 1M Dept.'s XR-4000 will 
be able to tell who really belongs, and who should get 
bumped up Into the AA division come playoff time. 

ATLANTIS and the ARRGONAUTS are ripping up 
the 'Franchize' league. They will meetin whatahould 
be a battle for the title of King of all Revelle, on 
Tuesday Oct. 30. Two undefeated teams from the 
'Skluto' league, BUGS ON DRUGS and KOOKS ON 
PARADE should provide the Psychology Department 
years of interesting data when they hook up on 
Monday night. Another league championship will be 
on the line Oct. 24, when GUNS AND HOSES square 
off with SIDNEY'S ALBACORE. 

If any oftllese teams falter, 1001< for DON'T BREAK 
OUT RUBBER, WE GOT JACKED, IT'S LUKES FAULT, 
CEO'S FOR HIRE or BOGGY CORNFlAKES to be there 
on Championship Thursday. Not only Is this division 
famous for sand bagging, but also for upsets. In 
(ither wordS, anyone could get hot at the end of the 
season and grab the title. But there is one thing that 
you can always count on, great action. So, If you are 
looking for a study break some night get down to the 
Natatorium_ 

The Bud Pace II a paid advertlslnc fefture of Coalt Dlltrlblltlnc Co. ~ 

UCSD AlioCampus 
Tennis Singles Champlonshl 
Saturday·Sunday/October 27-28/Muir Courts 

Here we go againl It's Wimbledon West in late October for the 15th corlse(;U1III1'U 
year. And there's no strawberries and cream for sale at this tennis 
Maybe a pumpkin pie or two, but no red-eyes 
at this baby! No sireel This is a REAL tennis toumament. Not the foofy affair 
we see in London every summer. 

This baby that were talking about is the UCSD All-Campus Tennis Singles 
Championships that will be making its annual run on Salurday-Sunday, October 27-
28. 

AII-campus tennis players are inVited. The divisions are four-fold: Men's Open, 
Men's Intermediate, Women's Open, Women's Intermediate. The format is simple. 
It's a double-participation tournament that guarantees all players a minimum of two 
matches. Obviously, the more you win, the more you get to play, the more you begin 
to look like Stefan Edberg or Michael Chang or Pete Sampras or Steffi or Gaby or 
Monica. Its that Simple. 

Even the entry fee is a no-brainer. Bring one can of new tennis balls to the 
tournament site (the Muir Courts) and you are in. 

But there is one tricky step. You have to sign-up way down at the Canyonview 
Recreation Office in order to play. No big deal, just take the Shuttle. It goes right by 
Canyonview. Entry deadline is Thursday, Oct 25 al Spm. 

When you sign, indicate a morning or allernoon start time preference on Saturday 
and we'll do our best to make it happen. 


