
Inside ... 
OPINION ........... .4 
FEATURES ..... ... 8 
SPORTS ... .... . ... 20 

OPINION 0 
The Certainty 01 
Death & Taxes 4 

The UCSD 

FEATURES 
UCSD: The 'Little City' 
01 The Future 8 

SPORTS 
W. Tennis Beats 
Pomona-Pitzer 20 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 69, #14 TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1990 

Second Stabbing In Neighborhood 
UCSD Woman Found Murdered 
In Her Clairemont Apartment 
By RANDY DOTINGA 
Senior Staff Writer 

Janene Weinhold was the kind 
of person who "would do abso-
lutely anything in the whole world 
for you," a woman who enjoyed 
dancing and baking cookies for 
her friends. She studied hard and 
worked hard, hoping to attend law 
school after graduating in June. 

But Weinhold's hopes were cut 
short last Friday, when an unknown 
assailant stabbed the Warren Col-
lege senior to death at her Claire-
mont apartment, only a few blocks 
from the site of a similar murder of 
a San Diego State University stu-
dent last month. 

Weinhold, 21, was found slain 
in her bedroom by her roommate 
and two others at 8:30 p.m. Friday 
in her Buena Vista Garden Apart-
ment residence on Clairemont 
Drive, San Diego Police said. 

homicides together to see if there 
is any relation." 

Warren College senior Penny 
Spiekennan, Weinhold's room-
mate, said she last saw Weinhold 
at 9 a.m. Friday. Spiekerman first 
became worried when Weinhold 
did not pick her up from her work 
at 2 p.m. 

"I called [home] and left mes-
sages, and finally ended up calling 
someone else to have them come 
get me .... I thought she had been 
in a car accident or had car trouble 
or something," she said. 

Spiekerman arrived at her apart-
ment at 8:30 p.m. She and her 
sister Jill, also a Warren College 
student, went to the building super-
visor to get a key to the locked 
apartment because Spiekerman did 
not have hers with her. 

The three then entered the apart-
ment and found Weinhold's dead 
body, Spiekerman said. 

to Liz Conte, manager of Jazz' d, a 
T-shirt shop on Prospect Avenue 
in La Jolla where Weinhold had 
worked about 20 hours a week 
since her first year of college. 

"She was excited about going 
to law school, but she didn't want 
to be a criminal lawyer because 
she would have to defend people 
who are guilty . ... She also said her 
voice wasn't loud enough to carry 
in the courtroom," Conte said. 

Weinhold's friends described 
her as a caring, fun-loving person, 
who was studious but valued her 
friends and family above all else. 

"She was the type of person that 
was very caring. She would do 
almost anything for anybody," said 
a co-worker. 

"She was just very caring," 
another co-worker said. 

"When something bad would 
happen to her, she would say she 

See MURDER, page 3 Janene Weinhold 
According to the Coroner's 

office, Weinhold died of stab 
wounds to the chest. Her body will 
be flown to her home in Scottsdale, 
Arizona for her funeral. 

According to Police Sgt. Peter 
Cruz, there was "evidence of some 
light ransacking" in the apartment. 
Detectives told the San Diego Un-
ion that Weinhold had apparently 
been killed between 11 :30 a.m. 
and 2 p.m. Friday. 

Complaints Against RIMAC Filed 
Police are investigating a pos-

sible link to the recent fatal stab-
bing of SDSU student Tiffany 
Schultz. A 20-year-old English 
major who worked as a nude dancer 
at the Les Girls nightclub in Point 
Loma, Schultz was found dead Jan. 
12 at 9 p.m. in her apartment on 
Cowley Way in Clairemont. 

Schultz's boyfriend, John 
Burns, was arrested in connection 
with that murder, but was later re-
leased due to insufficient evidence. 

San Diego Police Sgt. Jim Clear 
said police do not know if the two 
cases are connected but noted that 
investigators "are looking at both 

Further information on the in': 
vestigation was unavailable over 
the holiday weekend. 

Spiekerman said Weinhold, her 
best friend, was double majoring 
in history and political science, 
and planned to go to law school 
after her June graduation. 

Weinhold had applied to sev-
eral California and Arizona law 
schools, but she wanted most to go 
to Hastings Law School at UC 
Berkeley, Spiekennan said. 

However, Weinhold did not 
want to be a trial lawyer, according 

• Allegations Could Result In An Invalid Election 
By ANTON BITTNER 
News Editor 

In an attempt to invalidate the 
recentl y passed Recreational/lntra-
mural Athletic and Events Center 
referendum, members of the New 
Indicator collective have filed 
election violation charges with 
both the AS. elections committee 
and the AS. Judicial Board. 

The first set of charges were 
filed Feb. 12 with the elections 
committee by New Indicator col-
lective member James Field. 

The complaint charged every 
member who served on the RI-

MAC committee with violating 
AS. spending limits in a campaign, 
campaigning "for the passage of 
their ballot referendum ... before 
the campaign period," and not fil-
ing "campaign financial reports." 
It also alleged that the brochures 
produced by the RIMAC commit-
tee were "systematically placed on 
tables at polling places ... violat-
ing the prohibition against cam-
paigning within 50 feet of the 
polls." 

According to Field, money 
spent on brochures produced by 
the RIMAC committee exceeded 
the AS. spending limit of $250. 

ant he informed the board on rules 
governing how a special election 
is conducted. According to Woo-
dard, Tom Tucker, as vice-chan-
cellor of Undergraduate Affairs, 
assigns the position of elections 
manager. 

"SinceI've been respolisible for 
the AS. elections for the last 
number of years, it was logical [for 
him to select] me." Woodard said. 

On allegations that election 
spending limits were broken, 
Woodard said these limits did not 
apply to a " neutral body," which 
the RIMAC committee is, accord-
ing to A.S. regulations. 

UC Files Suit Against Lilly Co. 
The second complaint was filed 

Thursday with the Judicial Board 
by New Indicator collective mem-
ber Andy Howard. This complaint 
made the same allegations as 
Field's, and asked the Judicial 
Board to take jurisdiction over the 
matter. 

New Indicator legal affairs 
coordinator Monty Kroopkin had 
complained during the elections 
that RIMAC brochures were on 
tables at polling places. According 
to Woodard, these brochures had 
been left at the polling places by 
unidentified outside sources, and 
were systematically removed from 
the polling places once brought to 
his attention. 

By DM MULLINER 
StqfJWrller 

The University of Califor-
nia filed _ suit apinat the pbar-
l1lICeudcalcomplllyofBliUDy 
and Co. on Feb.7. allesina that 
Lilly has used paaented genetic 
enJineerin8 technology in its 
commercial production of in-
sulin. 

Issued to UC in 1984. the 
basic patent coven a senetic 
code used to make proinsulin. a 
precursor of insulin developed 
by four UC San Francisco sci-
entists. . 

Accordin& to UC _Homey 
Allen Waper, the suit charges 

the COIDpUly with pa&ent infringe-
ment and asks for '"fair compensa-
tion from Lilly fer its use of UC 
paIent tecbaoIoaY." 

W .... said the suit became 
DeCelSII')' wbeD UUy "walked out" 
ofnea<Jdltions. Which stretch back 
to 1984. ia April oflast year. 

A rqnsentativc from Ully's 
headquarters in IndiInapolis said 
neaodaJions were tenDinated be-
cause illllllOmeya detennined the 
.,..em to be InvaHd. 

"uny carefully evaluated this 
pallial uaina our own staft' as weD 
u outside attorneys, and deter-
mined Iba& it was not valid." the 
represenlativr. said. 

"We have discussed the results 

of this evalUllion with the Uni-
versity and. while LiDy believes 
that the opinions of its own 
lepl counael is correct. the UC 
obviously concluded not to 
accept those opinions." 

The suit is the fint case of 
aUepd pIIent infrin&emeDt of 
biotecbnology owned by UC. 

Accordin& to Waper. it is 
sipificant because UC holds 
over 100 paIeDtS in this facld. 
and me suit·s outcome could 
effect future patent intqrity. 

The complaint was filed in 
U.S. DistriclCoun in San Fran-
cisco and will be addressed later 
this year. 

Howard said that t~is request 
was made because a complaint 
heard by the elections committee 
would be decided by Elections 
Manager Randy Woodard, who is 
also charged with violations in 
Field's complaint. 

According to Howard, Woo-
dard is being charged along with 
members of the RIMAC commit-
tee because he was a consultant to 
the RIMAC committee and, as 
uch, he should not have assumed 

the position of election manager 
for the referendum. 

Woodard said that as a consult-

Both complaints filed ask for 
nullification of the elections be-
cause "the small measure with 
which it was passed makes it most 
likely that illegal campaign prac-
tices . . . were the cause of its 
alleged passage." 

The RIMAC special referen-
dum passed by a margin of- 109 
votes, with 1,820 student voting 
for the proposal and 1,711 voting 
against it. 



(~UCSD NEWS J 
UCSB Limits Animal Surgery In 
University Psychology Classes 

The UCSB administration announced last week that 
students in an upper division psychology COl.lrse cannot 
perfonn surgery in which anesthetized laboratory ani-
mals are allowed to regain consciousness. 

Coming midway through the quarter, the decision has 
drawn protest from the course's instructor and students, 
who claim the move has disrupted the class and will keep 
students from gaining needed experience in animal 
handling and experimentation. 

Campus officials, however, say the decision was 
necessary, because animals were being operated on by 
unqualified students. 

The debate stems from the curriculum of Psychology 
III L, a course designed to familiarize undergraduate 
students with laboratory aspects of biopsychology. Tra-
ditionally, students enrolled in the course have, after 
some instruction, performed surgery on laboratory rats 
and mice to observe changes in their behavior. 

Procedures done in the past include removal of ani-
mals' ovaries, testicles and adrenal glands, and the 
implanting of cannulas, or small tubes into the brain to 
administer drugs. Rather than being killed after the 
surgery, the animals have been allowed to recover so that 
students could ob erve the effect specific procedures 
have on them. 

Although the course or its equivalent has been taught 
at UCSB for more than 30 years, this is the first time the 
propriety of undergraduates performing such surgery 
has been officially questioned. 

The issue arose this year after oversight of the cam-
pus' Animal Care Council was switched in December 
from the office of the provost to the associate vice 
chancellor of research, research development & admini-
stration, James Case. 

The Animal Care Council is responsible for approv-
ing course protocols which describe the extent to which 
animals will be used in the teaching process. While the 
ACC approved renewal of Psychology IllL's protocol 
with a 4-3 vote in November, a dissenting vote and 

Calvin and Hobbes 

News 
subsequent minority report submitted in January by 
Campus Veterinarian Regina Housley prompted Case to 
pursue the matter and seek changes in the course. His 
decision has raised the ire of some faculty and students. 

"This is a psychology <'ourse, this is not a course in 
cell physiology," said Robert Reynolds, a psychology 
professor teaching the course this quarter. "Part of the 
goal ofthe projects is to detennine how the physiology 
of the animal leads to behavior, an so it's an essential 
component that they observe the [postsurgical] behavior. 

Ben Sullivan 
UCSB Daily Nexus 

C- UCNEWS J 
Artist Tonk's Video Texts Featured 
At Mandeville Gallery This Week 

Internationally known artist Tonks will exhibit con-
temporary art work at UCSD's Mandeville Gallery Annex 
from Today through Friday. 

Tonks' works are v ideo texts that deal with controver-
sial topics. He has exhibited his art in both Europe and 
North America and lives in Canada. 

The artist will be present at the closing reception on 
Friday at 4:30 p.m. which is open to the public. 

The Gallery is open daily from 12 p.m. to 5 p.m., and 
is located on Level B I of Mandeville Center. 

VA Announces Health Scholarships 
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is an-

nouncing the availability of scholarships to nursing and 
physical or occupational therapy students for the 1990-
91 school year. 

Awards are for students in the final year of an associ-
ate degree in nursing program, as well as third- and 
fourth-year students in baccalaureate and master's de-
gree programs in nursing and physical or occupational 
therapy. 

Recipients receive tuition, educational expenses, and 
a monthly stipend of $621. In exchange, participants 
agree to serve as a fuJI-time registered nurse, or physical 
or occupational therapist in a V A medical center for a 
period of one year for each year of scholarship support. 
The maximum length of a scholarship award is two 

by Bill Watterson 

5a:.? SE£.~ 
Sla.It QOI,RD 
IS ItJ'NT.' 
fORT IS 

LEFT.' 

t IIA1E ~ FlYZ2.'i 
MlmN~: If ~ tot\ 
\1M) Gone!. K ~D 
QOI£.S It':i~ ~ M5k 
I«)«P.>. ,.~ . IlOmN 

,flAp.' 
0 0 '0 . ° .~ fUll'i "'I~~! J 
o~. 
w 
u 

l) M .. P! 

(., :~~ " ~---"·~.:Ul u~~J--.--'_ 
o . Q 

. ~/. '. 
. 

2 '7 

~ 
2 ,; 

t 
1 
i , 
! 

't:." r., ! 
.... 

years. 
Requests for applications may be made in March to 

the Chief of Nursing Service or the Chief of Rehabilita-
tion Medicine at any V A medical center. Applications 
also may be requested from the Dean of Nursing, Direc-
torofPhysical or Occupational Therapy, or the Financial 
Aid Administrator at school with accredited programs. 
Applications must be postmarked n'o later than May 29. 

Einstein Fellow To Discuss Martin 
Luther King, Jr. In Colloquium 

A UCSD Colloquium, sponsored by The Department 
of Sociology and the Office of the Associate Chan'cellor 
for Affirmative Action with Gerald M. Plan, the chair of 
the department of SOCiology at the University of Massa-
chusetts, Amherst, and a fellow of the Alben Einstein 
Institute in Cambridge, Massachusetts, will take place 
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Price Center Cover Room. 

Platt will be speaking on the subject "Martin Luther 
King, Jr. : Text, Context, and Images." 

'Eye On The Third World' Series 
Will Show Film On Development 

The subjects of Wednesday 's International Affairs 
Group "Eye on the Third World" series are Foreign Aid, 
Self-help Development, and Empowennent. The 
evening's film wiU be "Dialogue on International De-
velopment," which tackles three questions: Can devel-
opment succeed in the absence of social justice, who is 
accountable to whom in effective development, and are 
development, education, and fundraising compatible? 
Martin de la Rosa, Professor at Baja California Univer-
sity will be the commentator for the event. de la Rosa is 
theauthorof NorthAmerican Groups inthe U.S.·Mexico 
Border and Politics and Religion in Mexico. 

Scripps Presents Symposium On 
Ocean Science and Medicine 

A look at the contributions of ocean science to the 
medical field is being sPonsored by UCSD's Scripps 
Aquarium-Museum. A special symposium, "Rx - H20" 
will take place from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Saturday, and is 
open to the public. It will be held at Sumner Auditorium 
on the Scripps Institution of Oceanography campus, 
8602 La Jolla Shores Drive, in La Jolla. 

Scientists, educators, and informed citizens can learn 
about the impact of ocean science on medical research 
from a panel of experts in the field. Scientists from 
Scripps and the UCSD Medical School will look at the 
many and varied contributions to modern medicine from 
ocean science resources. Presentations will be followed 
by question-and-answer periods with the experts. 

Cost for "Rx - 1\0" is $20, and advance registration 
is suggested by Scripps. A follow-up workshop on 
Sunday, sponsored by the Southwest Marine Educators 
Association, will focus on developing curriculum activi-
ties based on Saturday's symposium. Fee for the com-
bined symposium and workshop is $30, and teachers 
may earn in-service credit for attending. For more infor-
mation, call Scrips Aquarium-Museum at 534-4087. 

UCSD Poet-Lecturer Will Read 
Works At Bookstore Thursday 

Rae Annantrout, poet and lecturer in the Literature 
Department, will read from her works on Thursday at 4 
p.m. in the University Bookstore. For more information, 
call the book information department at 534-3149. 

SPOTLIGHT) 
San Diego Philanthropy Groups 
Seek UCSD Student Volunteers 

Active Students for Kids tutoring applications are 
available for Spring Quarter on the door of the Volunteer 
Connection office. Deadline is Feb. 27. 

Campfire Youth Organization needs one volunteer to 
help run an outreach club one day a week at Torrey Pines 
Elementary. For more infonnation call Jean at 279-8192. 

The Volunteer Connection is currently seeking vol-
unteers to fill student contact positions in their office. For 
more information call 534-1414. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason SneU, AslOcUJU New. Editor 

Tuesday, February 20, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Co-Ops Enlist Support In Dispute MURDER 
Continued from page 1 

Spiekerman said Weinhold, 
who had lived with her since 
their first year of school, liked to 
bake cookies for friends, and was 
apparently doing so when she 
was killed. 

By ANDREA ADLEMAN 
Senior Sla/lWriler 

UCSD co-operatives are solic-
iting student and faculty support 
for a newly-revised version of the 
contract between the co-ops and 
the University administration.1be 
contract defines the terms and 
conditions of co-op use of space in 
the Student Center. 

Negotiations over the contract, 
which began one and a half years 
ago, have been mediated by the 
University Center Board (UCB), a 
group of nine students represent-
ing various on-campus constituten-
cies. 

The main reason for the lengthy 
negotiations has been section 5.07 
of the Space Agreement, which 
outlines key issuance and usage 
policies. 

1be previous version of the 
contract stated that buildings oc-
cupied by the co-ops would be pan 
of the University's master key sys-
tem and that the administration 
would issue keys to members of 
theca-ops. 

1be co-ops objected to this ar-
rangement, citing co-op autonomy 
and past security problems while 
on the University's master key 
system as principal reasons. 

Earlier this month, about JO 

members of both the co-ops and 
the UCB held a meeting during 
which the co-ops further explained 
their reluctance to being on the 
master key system. 

The result of that meeting was a 
new version of the contract that did 
not require that co-ops use the 
university 's master key system. 
Rather, it stated that the co-ops 
were to give copies of their keys to 
the UCSD Police and two other 
individuals for the purpose of 
emergency access. 

According to UCB member 
Paul Eykamp, the board under-
went a "change in its general phi-
losophy." 

The UCB plays an advisory role 
in the negotiations, making recom-
mendations to Vice Chancellor of 
Undergraduate Affairs Joe Wat-
son, who casts the final decision. 

The co-ops are seeking wide-
spread support for the new con-
tract. 1bcy are collecting student 
signatures on petitions and asking 
faculty to write letters in hope of 
influencing Watson's decision, 
expected within a few weeks. 

A.S. President John Ramirez 
fully supports the co-ops' posi-
tion, and encourages fellow stu-
dents to do so as well. 

But, according to University 
Center Director J im Carruthers, the 

key issuance and usage clause is 
non-negotiable. 

"The message is that the co-ops 
are given that space to provide 
serv ices," he said. "The students 
[on the UCB] allocate the space 
... and that's where I think it 's 
critical that we have that kind of 
student input. 

"The other issues are really 
fundamental facilities management 
issues," he continued. "This is the 
way that undergraduate affairs 
looks at this situation. The univer-
sity has been very clear on [keys] 
since day one - University build-
ings, University doors . . . there-
fore, University locks." 

To students in the co-ops, as 
well as some members of the UCB 
and other students who have fol-
lowed the debate, the bottom line 
is student power. 

"The question now is just 
whether Joe Watson will go against 
our recommendation," said UCB 
member Jim Patterson. "As far as I 
know, he has never gone against 
any UCB recommendations, but 
he just might in this case. 

"Either way, we will find out 
once and for all how much control 
students really have over student 
fee-funded facilities, such as the 
University Center, the Student 
Center, and RlMAC." 

was glad it happened to her and 
not to someone else." 

Spiekerman said Weinhold 
was easygoing, and would al-
ways try to cheer her up if she 
was unhappy. 

"If you're upset she'd try to 
sing off-key or imitate you or 
just write a stupid poem to make 
you happy," she said. 

"She was probably baking 
cookies to take to her guy friends 
during midterms," Spiekerman 
said. 

"It's so easy to say 'she 's so 
nice' after she's gone, but she re-
ally was perfect," Conte said. 

..... '. WAIlIHOUSI· In "-my Mua, _ Convoy St.· 

FUTONS OR FRAMIS 
5% DIICOUNT 4-WAY LOU ....... 6- fUTOII 
when you buy cotton solid futon & Twin $96.90 Quaen $126.35 
Iounger herein, simultaneouslyr=~:::::_~~F~Un~$~11~4.~95~~~~Ki~ng~S~1~90~.OO~~~ 
PUIOII. IVIOIIt IIUftNIS ...... 

6: r 6: r 
Twin $60 $a) Twil $69 $89 
Ful $70 S90 Ful $89 Sl09 
<Aleen $a) Sl00 Queen $99 $129 
I(ong $110 $130 (CotrwJUId _ . 
(ootIDn) 2pi«ai1ccw) 

NIOII 
... t ... •• 

CO"... 
---
FuI $189 ~ Queen $189 W .. I ......... F • FuI $249 Q S3I ., Queen $279 

___ IIOU .. 

Thun. 12·7 pm; 'ri. 12-6 pm 
Sat. 10-5 pml Sun. ,,-4 pm 
~.·w .... oppoInIn.ds 
292-4673 or 569-7011 
V1SA·MASTllCAltD-YUI 

r r ............. 
Twin $65 S85 r r 
FuI $75 $95 Twin sag Sl09 
<Men S85 $105 Ful $99 $119 
(J,..tJlloIm Queen $109 $129 
in_I King $139 $159 

...... _·WAY 
NU.IID &.GUN ... 
PIne $109 I'IUUU' 0lIl $179 Twin $42 
Alder $279 Ful 551 
Chelsea $159 Queen $53 
QUEENS, TOOl King S90 

...... IIIftNfOIlYI IAIlII 
Prices subject to change. 

Deiwry Mi!able. 
·4107 Mercury St .. w. ... a_·.· 

Taka ~805 or '·163 to CIaiIemon1 Mesa Blvd. 
Go 2 IlIodIs south on Mercury St.. on 
NE comer of MIIICtIY and Ronson Ad. 

THE NEW ARRIVAL ... 

TWINS. 

NOW OPEN! TOGETHER! 
-------In the New------
Costa Verde Shopping Center. 

-------------------T-------------------6 NON FATS DAILY 
111111-' 

FROGEN YOZURT~ 
FREE YOGURT 

Steve's!! 
FREE ICE CREAM 

TOPPINGS 

When you're hungry for a midnight snack, 
call Domino's Pizza®. We'U deliver a hot, 
fresh, made-to-order pizza to your door in 
30 minutes or l~s. GUARANTEED!!! 

3211 Holiday Court 

II. 

Buy one cup or cone 
and receive 2nd of 

equal or lesser 
Value FREE! 

TOPPINGS NOT INCLUDED. 

Buy a regular or large 
scoop and receive 

Free toppings. 
GOOD FOR TWO PEOPLE . 

Good Only at Costa Verde Good Only at Costa Verde No matter what time it is, day or night, 
IT'S TIME FOR DOMlNC),S PIZZA.TM 

rrs TIME FOR DOMINO's PIZZA.'" 
0980. Domino. P1m. Inc. 

Expires 3/1/90 Expires 3/1/90 
-------------------~-------------------8650 Genessee Ave. • San Diego • 450-3044 

Directly Across From University Town Center 

GUARDIAN Bob DeANDREA Bus;nt JS MtII'"N'" JH BROWN Aceo"", £.u clI/i\·t Cbris KOVACS Ad\·"lISi".~ A...,i.,IUIII tonae BELONGtE LoyolI/ As .• islu", Michael FOULKS Mike MARTINEZ Eileen HENRY AJ~e.rtisi"g Manoga Ad~,tn;sillg A" Director UCSD GUAiiDiAH I . 1-01. La ...... CA_ CltusiJitd R"..tstJIIDlivt ClmUtioII: Fosler Oli"" Joe Lee John DIIldo EIYlia Paladino 
BUSINESS OFFICE S34-3466 ·EDITORIAL534 - 6580. FAX534 - 7691 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 20, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER, Editor in Chief 
DA VID WYNER. Managing Editor 
A TON BITTNER, News Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE. ews Editor 
DA VID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 
T~ UCSD GlIIJldioll is published twice wcckl)' ll lhe UniverailY of Cali rom i •. San CiCIO. Conlcnll CI990. 
Views expreued herein rcpreKnllhe maJOrity voce ofthc cdiloriaJ board,and arc. not ncccliSarilyd~ofthe 
UC Board of Relents, the ASUCSD. nor the cnlltt Guardian staff. 

Inequities 

Social Security Taxes 
"Our Constitution is in actual operation; everything appears to 
promise that it will last; but in this world nothing is certain but 
death and taxes." 

- Benjamin Franklin, 1789 
Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan's suggestion to lower Social 

Security payroll taxes had the potential to drop a bombshell on 
the budget process. The smoke and mirrors which obscured the 
size of the true deficit would be cleared aside. and Congressional 
leaders would finally have to make some tough decisions. 

But it was not to be. There are too many vested insterests. 
When President Bush spoke in his State of the Union address 
about not messing with Social Security. he was gi ven resounding 
applause. But it wouldn ' t be messing with Social Security to 
modify one of the most regressive taxes imaginable; it wouldn't 
be messing with it to take the Social Security surplus off budget. 
and admit that the deficit is far larger than official figures show. 

It would seem that in a time when the Soviet Union is revealing 
its true economic data. the United States would be shamed into 

'\ 

doing likewise. However. the vested interests are powerful. 
Congressmen don't want to give up their pork - the special 
projects in their district which insure their re-election. And 
President Bush has seized on this issue for political gain. thrilled 
with a chance to accuse Democrats of u mpering with Social 
Security for a change. and frightened that this proposal will be a 
lever to force new taxes. 

This is an unfortunate position. The Social Security system is 
long overdue for reevaluation. The money is collected with an 
amazingly regressive tax. An investment banker who makes 
millions a year pays the same amount as SO/1leone who makes far 
less, since there is a ceiling on how much is payed in. 

Even more damaging, a poor person is cheated at both ends of 
the system. By the time a wealthier person enters the work force 
(after college and, perhaps, graduate schoo!), a poorer person has 
been working for five to 10 years. When retirement rolls around, 
the lower income people have been paying in much longer. Then 
the next inequity enters in. Wealthier people can often retire 
earlier. and begin to collect benefits. Even if thi s were not the 
case. the rich have longer life expectancies. so they collect 
benefits longer. 

On top of all this is the insufficient taxation of benefits. The 
age group with the greatest increase in standard of living in the 
last decade had been those over 65 years-old. While some old 
people have Social Security as their sole source of income. other 
have it as a small supplement. The wealthy recipients of Social 
Security should have those benefits taxed. 

The basic idea of Social Security is undeniably a good one. 
Providing for the aged should be a primary goal of any society. 
The system is badly designed. however, and it contains many 
inequities. It will take real political courage to address these 
iSl>ues, and it is highly unlikely that many people will have 
Moynihan 's courage. It is highly unlikely thauhe Baby Boomers 
will collect benefits. and the cost of maintaining the sy stem could 
destroy the budget, and thus eriou Iy damage the economy. But 
in the face of politicians' cowardice. we can expect the old 
machine to keep clanking along. until it finally explodes. 

TAs Should Not Be Verbally Incompetent 
Editor: 

Have you ever stepped into a 
section thirsting for clarification 
of the week's lectures only to ex-
perience the frustration of strug-
gling to understand the section 
leader who is simultaneously 
straining to get his ideas across? 

Sitting in my chemistry discus-
sion section on the first meeting of 
the new quarter, I turned to focus 
my attention on the utterances of 
the teacher's aid. 

dition of the English language. To 
grasp a complex theory that has 
been provided in the proper sen-
tence structure is difficult enough. 
but when the trial is augmented by 
the stumbling block of bad com-
munication, it becomes virtually 
impossible. 

As UCSO students, we pay top 
dollar to receive quality instruc-
tion. Is it too much to ask that we 
are instructed by those who are 
competent at the art of conversa-
tion as well as the designated area 
of study?' 

This is not to say that their 
knowledge should not be shared. 
Other students who share the same 
native language could benefit from 
their instruction. The general 
"discussion" leader should be 
subjected to guidelines of verbal 
competency 'to insure their effec-
tiveness as instructors. 

I have a dream, a dream that 
one day little UCSD boys and 
girls will be able to join together 
with theirTAs to carry on acoher-
ent discussion. 

Ashley Berkowitz 
"Oxient oh, ahhhh, molcool 

roenachtant. Whan moul atome, 
ahhh ... ahhh ..... 

" Huh? What was that? What 
class is this?" Looking to the be-
fuddled eyes at my side I asked, 
"Did you get that?" An I received 
in response was a negati ve motion 
of the head. 

Affirmative Action Unfair 

Who is responsible for this 
insulting appointment of my sec-
tion leader? Whoever is to blame 
is doing UCSD students a great 
disservice. More than once. I have 
found myself in a frozen state of 
perplexity, straining to interpret 
my section leader's bungling ren-

Editor: 
I hate watching the news on 

TV because it's most! y bad news. 
So when I turned on the television 
one day and heard about a woman 
who got into Stanford University, 
I was happy to hear the news. 1be 
woman lived in a shelter home. 
andshemostlystudiedonherown. 
She didn't have any money or 
possessions, but they said she did 
well enough to get herself into a 

Expansion is Good for UCSD 
Editor: 

A number of UCSD students have recently expressed outrage at the 
many changes of this campus. The destruction of the Urey Lawn in 
particular has prompted some students to say enough is enough; UCSD 
is progressively becoming a concrete campus. While this may be true. 
I feel these changes are beneficial. Expansion is necessary to accommo-
date UCSO's growth and to keep up with the increasing needs of the 
student body as a whole. 

I sympathize with the uppe.rclassmcn and graduate students. I'm sure 
that places on this campus like Urey Lawn hold memories of good times 
for these people. But memories alone are not reason enough to stop 
progress. Though many people were opposed to the building of the Price 
Center, look at what it has given the students - places for more social and 
educational functions (the ballroom and theater), a larger. more organ-
ized bookstore. and an area wbere the students can go to eat "normal," 
non-mealcard food and hang out with friends. 

Change is inevitable. If we didn't keep building. UCSD would be 
impacted. The creation of new colleges not only alleviates the popula-
tion problem. but it also allows for more diversity among the academic 
programs available at UCSD. Perhaps. someday, Tenth College will 
boast the best curriculum for business majors in the state. To me. 
sacrificing a lawn for progress of this sort is worth it. 

It is true that the extreme could occur and UCSD could become one 
giant conglomeration of concrete buildings. But it is worth it if it makes 
this school even betterthan it is now. We'll always have the beach to go 
to if it' s peaceful scenery we want. 

But the extreme hasn ' t been reached and it will rake a long time until 
it is reached. Until then, we should welcome these changes as signs of 
progress. With expansion, UCSD may one day be the biggest. most 
modem, and most diverse in programs of all the UCs. 

Karen J. Spiegel 

BENSON 

prestigious college. The news 
proceeded on, and when I heard 
her last name was Vasquez, my 
smile turned into a frown. That 
made a lot of sense. 

There is no doubt in my mind 
that part of the reason (probably 
most of it) she got in Stanford 
University was because she is 
Hispanic. 

I've always hated the fact that 
Hispanics with lower GPAs have 
a better chance of getting accepted 
to a college than the others (mean-
ing Whites and Asians) with an 
average or a better GPA. 

1'd like to emphasize that I 
know not all the Hispanics get 
accepted because of this reason. I 
know that some people have the 
high standards to be qualified for 
entrance, but I'm talking about 
the majority of Hispanics who get 
accepted on the basis of their ori-
gin. 

For example, I had two His-
panic friends going to UCLA, one 
with a GPA of 3.75 and the other 
a GPA of2.8. Both were involved 
in band. 

This tells me that the colleges 
are not lOOking for the most quali-
fied. but are just trying to fill in the 
quota that says a certain amount of 
Hispanics need to be in that cer-
tain school. 

I know it's unfair, you know 
it·s unfair, and thecol\eges proba-
bly know it's unfair, but I seri-
ously don't think there is anything 
we can do about it unless the col-
lege admissions are willing to rake 
drastic measure~ and change the 
system. 

Kyung Kim 

Tuesday, February 20, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Helicopters and Homesickness scendantsofAmericanarmyjeeps. A.S. Should Not Fund 'Forum' Those are just as deadly if you 
By LENG LOH, Associate Huuus Editor don ' t know how to properly jay- By ANTON BInNER, News Editor 

walk. 
I heard a helicopter fly over- roughTagalogequivalentof"c'est The "coup" I remember most 

head the other day. la vie." clearly was not a coup at all. but 
I heard Tagalog being spoken In some cases we barely even rumors of a coup. It was the three-

this morning. knew there was a coup going on. year anniversary of Ninoy 
I had the same reaction to both. One day, there were a buru.:h of Aquino's death, and I had just re-

Homesickness. Filipino Marines clumping around turned from summer vacation in 
Homesick for a hot, polluted our school with their big black the States. I st.:pped offa plane at 

city plagued with hellish traffic guns. I was a bit taken aback. but Ninoy Aquino International Air-
and coup attempts. Homesick for assumed that they were doing port three years to the day after he 
a country I denied was my home some sort of presentation for the was assassinated on the tarmac. 
for the entire six years I lived there little kiddies in elementary school. And my brother and I were alone 
as an expatriate American teen- That night my American inthehouse,bothmy parentsbeing 
ager. ~ ... ufs~ _. out of the country still. 

Homesick for the place that I UUA&JJIAN C I -Up I played out various disaster 
moved to over hanksgiving scenarios in my head over and 
weekend in 1982. With all due friends all got frantic calls from over, like someone who keeps 
respect and apolog ies to Peter Gab- their relatives who had heard on touching a wound to see if it still 
riel and Laurie Anderson, I'd like the evening news that there was a hurts. I could see the headlines 
to rewrite their song "Flying coup attempt centered around al ready. "Americans Evacuated 
Birds": "Flying turkeys ... inno- IntemationalSchool.I still haven ' t From Manila." "Rebels Hold 57 
centturkeys. There they go .. . hear figured out if those damned Ma- Ame ricans Hostage ." " Tai-
them s igh." rines were protecting u or trying wanese-American Student Injured 

Ah. such innocence at the age to take us over. in Bomb Blast; Sister Unable to 
of II. I didn't know anything. I Our school had an allowance Contact Family." Suddenly Ken 
respected President Marcos sim- of three or so days that could be meant everything to me. All past 
ply because I'd been taught to taken off the school calendar for fights were momentarily put aside 
respect authority figures-I did typhoons and various political and I clung to him like a BandAid 
wonder. though, how anyone was unrests. I used to wish-half seri- that pulls off the scab when you 
supposed to take him seriously ously-that we would have an- remove it. 
when we could see his undershirt other "Coup Day," as they were The next day, my father came 
through his barong... called, so that we wouldn't have home. All couprurnors had passed. 

Politics? Yeah. People Power. to go to school. Everything was "normal" again. I 
Two weeks off from school. Coup Days were no different started school two days later. 

My friends and I used to laugh from normal days because I was Whenever people find out I 
at all the people in the States who used to hearing gunfire all the lived in the Philippines for the 
worried so much about the situ- time anyway. Not that we were past six years, they immediately 
ation in the Philippines. I've for- living in a Southeast Asian Beirut, exclaim, "Oh, so you were there 
gotten by now how many coup at- but .. . well, maybe it wasn't gun- during all.hat ..... 
tempts there were. We shrugged fire. Maybe it was the backfire of And they never finish the sen-
them off with a "bahala na!"-a the jeepneys, those mutated de- tence. During all that what? 

Our elected representatives on the A.S. council are out of control. It 
seems that they are now raking it upon themselves to make decisions 
that send out political messages without soliciting our opinions. They 're 
speaking for us on issues that they were not elected to deal with, and they 
are not acting on behalf of their constituents. More importantly, they are 
not following their own rules. 

In the last A.S. council meeting. our representatives made the 
decision that the UCSD students. as a whole, now support the Pro-
Choice movement. This is a decision which is unacceptable for them to 
be making for someone else, panicularly on so grave an issue. 

The A.S. council allocated $739 to stage a "Pro-Choice Forum." It 
had originally been a "Pro-Choice Rally," but the A.S . members 
thought that a ··rally" sounded too political. So they fixed it. They 
decided to just call it a "forum" so that no one would notice. 

The line of thought is that "Pro-Choice Forum" doesn 't have any 
political connotations. This is an insult to our intelligence. The name 
"Pro-Choice" is full of political conotations- as are " Pro-Life.""Anti-
Choice." and " Murder Advocate." 

Is the A.S. version of a forum an event whose name denies an 
opposing point of view and whose only mentioned speakers are in 
agreement with each other? 

When the A.S. sponsors a lecture from a person with a certain 
political view it is understandably an educational lecture, and does not 
link the A.S. with a political view the speaker may have. However. when 
the A.S. sponsors an event with multiple speakers, al\ of which endorse 
the same idea, it is a rally, and therefore associates the A.S. with those 
ideas. Since the A.S. council is our elected representation, we all 
become associated. 

IftheA.S. were really committed to spending $739 on an educational 
and beneficial forum. and were truly committed to removing political 
affiliation, it would do more than tone down the name of the event. Here 
is what we should demand from our representatives before this misno-
mer is staged: 

I ) Have the organizers of the event get speakers on the panel from 
both sides of the issue. If this makes it impossible to have the forum by 
the scheduled date, reschedule it - let's see our money wisely spent on 
well planned events. 

2) Rename the event "Forum on Abortion" or "Pro-Choice/pro-Life 
Forum." These titles do not discriminate against either viewpoint. 

The A.S. has rules against the funding of political events. The spon-
sorship of this "forum" is the worst sort of hypocrisy. It show that some 
A.S. members do not respect their own rules , nor their constiruents. 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
Need Exira Cash' (Free consultation and /7l/tfal treatmellt 15 min. 120 value. Elm-time clients onlyJ' 
Malee up to $250 per Montlt 

Are you healthy and 
between the ages of 

18 and 30? 
All Ethnic Groups N •• cI.d 
.". .... "' .. n Ne •• " 

~()Il?IT~ ()t= ~T. f3~l?,"41~ 
Ju«( minute. from canwu. in Holidqy Court 

SAN DIEGO'S MOST UNIQUE LIQUOR STOllE 
• OUmANDIN~ SELECTION Of FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC WINES, 

lEERS. UQUORS - INTERNATIONAL a OUT-Of-STATE NEWSPAPERS 
GOUflMET FOODS FROM HOMEMADE TO DECADENT 

.LOTTO -LOTTERY -IUD·S SAN FRANCISCO ICE CREAM PARLOR 

WE HA VE THE BEST SELECnON IN SAN DIEGO 
-MOVIE RENTALS -POPCORN -IMPORTED CHOCOLATES 

We pack06e and 'hiR anywhere! 
FREE DELIVERY in La Jolla. Golden Trian,le 

area on all orders 0[$35 and over 

OPEN: SUN.-THURS, 6 om-Mid .. FRI.-SAT. 6 om-2 am 3251 Holiday Court 011 Villa La JoIIo~-1"'14 

Ey.brows 
IJppIr Up 

CIIn 

UndIraIms 

Breast 
SIomIcII 
8iIdni Line 
FingIIa 

lIgI 
TOIl 

112 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

- American Medical Association 
approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

- Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

- Female stafT, Slate lie. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's ElectrolYSiS 
l.i:IJoDQ VUlG&e ProfessiOlllll c-tw Beblnd Elephant Bar 
8950 Villa /.aJalla Dr. Ste. 2121 "Expires 3/5/90 

PACIFIC BEACH: 
1447 Gamet Ave. 
~ COUEGE: 273-CUTS 

. • 'LIIt" 6686 EI Cajon Blvd. 
~(,I// lpV" 463-5052 OCEAN BEACH: 

4882 Newport Ave. 
HIUCREST: 2'1:2-3777 
409 Unlllersity Ave. 
291-CUTS 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

UC Should Continue Management of Labs 
Editor: was once head of the Material can only be perfonned at Los 

Regarding your article "Report Science Division. "Director" is the Alamos and other similar places. 
Advises UC Phase-Out of Liver- only management position the UC If the readers feel that the lab's 
more, Los Alamos Labs" [The chooses or approves. The typical nuclear budget is too excessive, 
Guardian. Jan.IIl, we feel we staff member never sees any in- pea>.. to your congressmen, be-
neoo to clear up misrepresenta- fIuence from the UC at all . cause Congress det.ennines which 
tions in that anicle. Secondly, while 75 percent of of the lab's programs receive 

As long-time residents of Los the lab's budget i weapons, that funding. Scientists at Los Alamos 
Alamos, and children of parents amount is not all nuclear weap- wantto be free to perfonntheirex-
who work for the Los Alamos Na- ons, as the anicle implied. Only periments; that's why the UC was 
tional Laboratory, we know from about 52 percent of the lab's total asked to manage it in the first 
experience facts that most readers budget is nuclear weapons. place. 
are unaware of and ought to know That amount adds up to many More practically speaking, the 
if they are to make valid opinions millions of dollars that go to other DOE has informed the UC that 
about the future of the Laboratory. defense projects. These projects should the UC yank its sponsor-
(We have no direct experience includearmor/anti-armorsystems, ship away, all three laboratories 
with Lawrence Livermore Labo- material research, complex space go, not just Livermore and Los 
ratory, but what we say applies and air technology, LASERs and Alamos. Berkeley Laboratory, as 
equally there). SOl, the recent cold-fu ion ex- you may imagine, brings money 

Firstofall , theUC systemman- citement, etc., all of which are and important scientists to UC 
ages Los Alamos, Livermore, and funded by DOE or the Depart- Berkeley and is a common place 
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory for ment of Defense. for graduate students in science to 
the U.S. Department of Energy The lab does indeed research, find summer employment. 
(DOE). The UC manages those design, produce, and test nuclear Not only that, but neither Los 
three labs for a hefty compensa- weapons (e pecially after the clo- Alamos nor Livermore will retain 
tion, about $12 their new, very 
million each, for ----------------------- cooperativerela-
DOE. • •• the [Department of Energy] has in- tionship with the 

The taxpayers Id h UC k UC, should the 
of California pay formed the UC that shou t e yan uc no longer 
nothing to their its sponsorship away, all three labora- rnanagethelabs. 
state for the sup- tories go, not J'ust Livermore and Los The UC will not 
port ofthe labs; in have special 
fact, theUC eams Alamos. Berkeley Laboratory, as you consideration 
quite a profit. may imagine, brings money and impor- any longer, and 
Only in theory will be treated as 
doestheUCman- tant scientists to UC Berkeley and is a anyotheruniver-
age the lab in any common place for graduate students in sity, resulting, 
case; there is only I t we're sure, in a 
one UC represen- science to find summer emp oymen . decrease of the 
tativein all of Los ----------------------- UC's present po-
Alamos. sure of the Rocky Rats produc- sition as a highly respected scien-

The management structure of 
the lahoratory is entirely in-house. 
Our current director, for example, 

SETH LATER. Cditor I. Chit! 
DAVID WYNER, Muqi., c_ 
ANTON BITTNER, N.", £4Uor 
BEN BOYCHUK, Ass"""1< 0,.,,; ... E4ilor 
DAVID BURKHART. O,w •• Cditor 
DANA CHAIKEN,A.....a.u. Sp<>rU&liiDr 
JAMES COLLIER. F ...... Ed"", 
CATHERINE DILLE. N .... EdlIN 
BRYAN D1AS,MIUi<Ediu>r 
RANDY DOTINGA, C." £4IuJr 
DOREEN ERENEA. ASloe;"1< F •• lOn, EdiUJr 
PHIL GRUEN, Sl"'rU &fOOr 
PATRtCtA JErrI H.., •• Edlt.r 
GAIL JOHNSON, "'.0<;"1< Ph"", EIIikK 
PETER KO, ""'D<ial< Sporu EdII<>r 
LENG LOH,ASI«"I< H;"t .. &fOO, 

tion facility in Denver), butthe lab tific institution. 
also performs nuclear safety and The lab does important, sig-
radiation effects experiments that nificant worldnallscientificfields, 
__ Wrioon: ___ Ieo, Hen. 

ar..1iIIia'. an. how. AIIttfty L,..,W ... 
Sgft' wriIttI: Joill AIIInCicM. ....... Iata. MIa lena. Ene 
....... t.-.C,.... ~s..uC-. Enc 
c.a.r-. CIIri..a ........ MdtMa HatMa. J. Jici.-k::r. 
....... I..c¥,. C\IrIc LIIdIuae. J_ MdiIor • .kMOd:iMz. 
o..'rid PmidIa. Tc:. Rw.uli. Lior ~. Douc SIIIddIt·, 
o.r. k-. Jc. HuIId. NICOlI W'alldad.JelfV...,YdU 
....... ~ MIC'" AmId.atq~JeMiKoMk,.. 
c:a, UdIdoIa. F .... t.n.1IriIn ........ '-' ......... 
JotIII 0wMl. Dlnyl Yer. Felli. Z&IaAp 

I~ M&IoCoopc:t, T_,. FIImIICI. ana Lew, Met 
MM:do, "*1 Roe. T)'raIIe T,.,.I 
Tf~ I....Iny BadIIrIdl. lean 8tdIal, l4cb&Ia Fawl. 
J.Mt.W11MII' 

C"'~ ti)IJy Coopcr. Ore. HIIIr~. JIlI Ie. Pumn. 
--

including human genotyping, 
A.I.D.S. and cancer research, the0-
retical physics, and bioengineer-
ing. Remember that, as well as the 
spin-off applications from weap-
ons research, the next time you 
read sornething about the National 
Laboratories managed by the 
University of California. 

Elizabeth Johnson 
Grace Lin 

Tuesday, February 20,1990 

Taxing Gr.-ad Students 
EdIter: 

11ae Tax Reform Act of 1986 was supposed to simplify tax re-
tuJnB and lower rue. for low income tax payers. One ofme most 
01lll'qeOUS anddifticult to understand changes was the levying of 
income taX 00 the sdpeDds paid by graduate studeors. 

1bis new taX leIUlted in In 11 percent pay cut for a group of 
people who typically work 6O-hour weeks wlule bamly making 
0'VU $10,000 befote taxes, a rate whicb is weD below the mini-
mum wage. 

To make mauers worse, the average tuition at public colleges 
and uaiversities bas increased 23 percent above the inflation rate 
0'VU the last 11 years, while state spending for public eckK:ation 
has risen only 1.3 pen:ent above int1alion over the same period. 

Graduate students are highly motivated and skilled individuals 
who often go on to become leaders in our society . While in school 
they work long hours for very liule pay and few rewards, living 
virtually as indentured servlnts to their advisor and major depart-
ment. 

1bechoice to enter graduate school is one that fewer and fewer 
college graduates are making every year. By accepting a position 
in busines& or industry, a graduate in science or engineering can 
make two to three times the salary of a graduate student. 111e 
discrepancy in mariceting and management for non-technical 
majors can sometimes be even greater. For many highly qualified 
individuals, the prospect of anotberfive years ofliving in poverty 
is not worth the reward of using the title "Dr." befOOl their names. 

Furtbennore, many graduate students find themselves with 
filUlDCial obligations that cannot be met by their stipend. Attrition 
rates in graduate programs at some of out country's finest univer-
sities are becominS a1anningly high. 

With this situation in mind, the consequences of the Tax 
Refonn Act of 1986 are clearly devastating for graduate students. 
For II1II1Y, the extra $1,000 a year lost to taxeS since 1986 can be 
the difference between surviving to pay the bills each month and 
being forced to take out a loan every year or even quitting graduate 
school. Ala time whenour~is in desperate need of future 
university professors and industrial researcb leaders, an II per-
ceotpay cut for graduate students in-the name of tax reform simply 
does not maIcc any sense. 

1be tax doUars gained from this change in tax status are neg-
ligible when compared to the loss the entire country win suffer 
from a shrinking pool of qualified post-graduates. 

Iadustry. in general. has recognized the importance of educat-
iogmore graduate students in acienceaod engineering and had re-
sponded by sponsoring valuable research ceruers at universities 
acrou the COUDtry. With industry doing its share to assist in fi-
nancing graduate education, it is time for the federal government 
to do its part by mIOring the tax ~tive for auendina graduate 
school wbicl;l existed prior to 1987. 

Such action is the minimum our pemmenl can do. In the 
cUJftIlt buttactcrisis it may notbe possibleio do more, sucb IS ful- . 
tilliDaPresidcnt Bush's campaign promise to double the N~ 
Sdeoce Foundation bud&et, but surely we can afford to recrore the 
payofourcouar.ry's ~ 1IUdeots. In the 1on,1\ID, it may be 
a aerious mistake not to do so. 

JEFF QUAN, GrtlJMic. CdillJr 
JASON SNELL. ASSD<U./< N ... , EdIu>, 
RIMAS UZGIRIS, Ph0f4 EdII.r 
BOB OoANDREA, Bui .... M""I'r 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Ad .. rtisi., Mo.I" 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Adwnw., 0..., ... , 
Eo LEIGH HENRY, Cllusif'" M • .., .. 

~: Sue Cka. a..ce Chui. Mdllldl tt...lIon, 
0w\J Kowa. Robtn MlcLcan, Jd( Y M'\IiPChI 
EdiIwW ~ Lan. He.ideJ • .k:Mier YMIU)/ 
1JwtcSOa....IiM· ................... ThurtdIrt~ .. ~ 
,..~MllIar ........ CIIl£SD. ~., .. ......,1I'I1If( 
Inl. ...... """.11-' 1IIIIWI...-......... ClliIO. 
.... ,..,... 

The UCSD G_rdilln welcomes your letters and commentaries. Drop your letter at the 
G_rdilln offices (on the second floor of the Student Center, where the: A.S. offices 
used to be) or mail it to: 

,,.L.CSOc..iM .... ....,...tarh .... ~~.....,.... 
••. n. .................... .,. ..... _. 
MllIIIICMIIIr ........... oI "'-lCSlI~ .. u...iIr of 

GTbeUCSD UARDIAN 
c..r. ................. u::so ........ illNIpII 
..... f_ . ..,.ey_ .... ~.;--. 
....... "'dwt. .......... """ ..... IfII..., ... 

&fIkNt..,... ...... S3'-" F ... J3&.7W1 
I.CSO &011, lII ..... CAtltI8l 

• Copy • Ca~ • • 
• 
• • SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
• • VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
• 
• 

• PROFESSORS NOTES 

• • Free Parking 
• • Book Binding 
• 
• 
• 
• Hours: MoL-Thu. 1:3008:30; Fri. 8:304; Sat. 12-4 

Opinion Editor, The GUlJrdi"n, B-016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 
Letters should be typed, double-spaced, and should include a signature and phone number . 
We reserve the right to edit letters for length and clarity. Deadline for letters for Monday's 
issue is noon on Friday. Deadline for Thursday's issue is noon Monday. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• • 
• 
• 

The home of the 
49¢ halllburger. 

"'
I J N\ M~lJoIfIJltiJm 
... ' ~ I '-' A!lou. 

~ . • 
7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego . 
1L.~!III~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!e •• !!! 

ALL AMERICAN MEAL ~ Quarter Pounder \!!) with Cheese. Medium Fry. 
II Medium-Size Soft Drink 

COltl value: 
1/20 011 cent II 

II limit one coupon per 
I I customer. per visit. Please present coupon when II ordering. Not valid with II any other offer 

~_ ='Z,~ ,,,, 
_____ iiiliiilii 

II 
Just $1 99 :1 

(plUI 'CD) II 
~at: II 71~=1d'~ 

____ .:3(a~ ~ 
---------

Tuesday, February 20, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Civil Rights Attorney Discusses 
Supreme Court Of Last 50 Years 
By CHRIS STEINS 
SIJJIlWri'~r 

Joseph Rauh, Jr., a civil rights 
lawyer famous for his appearances 
before the Supreme Court, spoke 
about the high court in a two-part 
Regents' Lecture last week. 

The lectures, entitled "Personal 
Reflections on the Supreme Court 
of the United States," were co-
sponsored by the UCSD history 
and political science departments. 

Rauh has argued more than 16 
cases before the Supreme Court, 
something very few lawyers can 
claim to have accomplished, ac-
conling to Michael Parrish, pro-
fessor of history at UCSD. 

For half a century, Raub has 
been at the center of "legal and 
political efforts to end racial dis-
crimination, to keep the Demo-
craticPartyonaprogressivecourse, 
and to insure that those appointed 
to the Supreme Court believed in 
the Bill of Rights," Par-
rish said. 

A few years ago, on 
the occasion of his 74th 
birthday, 8 friend said 
ofRauh: "Twenty years 
ago, Rauh was quarrel-
some . . . his friends 
called him tough, and 
his enemies called him 
a tough S.O.B. Now he 
is 74 and a gentle 
pussycat. His friends say 
he is lovable, and his 
enemies say he is a lov-
able S.O.B." 

While his manner 
may have been that of a 
pussycat, there was 
nothing gentle about 
Raub's critique of the 
Supreme Court from 
President Roosevelt to 
the present. 

Raub began by dis-
cussing the Supreme 
Court under President 
Rooseyelt, and the battle 
between the predomi-

the Court. and not having the prece-
dent of acourt-packing biJI," Rauh 
said. 

Rauh also recounted a story 
about a conflict between two jus-
tices, Hugo Black and Robert 
Jackson. Rauh attempted to show 
how personal relations between 
Justices can influence the course 
of judicial action. 

William Remington was ac-
cused of spying for the Soviet 
Union during World War II. 
However, there was not enough 
evidence to prosecute him on 
charges of espionage, so he was 
called before the Grand Jury and 
accused of being a Communist. 
When he denied the charge, he was 
indicted for perjury. 

Four Justices must agree to 
review a case before it can be pre-
sented before the Court, but when 
the Remington case was appealed 
to the Supreme Court, only three 
Justices voted for review. 

nantly conservative Joseph Rauh, Jr. 
Court and Roosevelt, who was at-
tempting to implement the New 
Deal, a socio-economic program 
aimed at countering the effects of 
the Great Depression of 1929. 

During the mid-1930s, the con-
servative members of the Court 
outnumbered the liberal members 
by six to three. As a result, the 
Court ruled against the cases con-
cerning the New Deal. and threat-
ened the effectiveness of its pro-
grams, which were using federal 
funds to strengthen the economy 
and relieve unemployment. 

In an attempt to limit the ~u­
preme Court's power, President 
Roosevelt introduced a "court-
packing plan," in which he would 
be able to appoint another judge to 
the Supreme Court for each justice 
that was over 70 years of age. This 
plan would have had the effect of 
reversing the Court's conservative 
majority. 

Although the court-packing 
plan failed, it was enough of a 
threat to change the Coon, and 
allow the New Dealto become an 
effective policy program. 

"For such a shabby start, this 
was one of the greatest events of 
Supreme Court History ... Roosev-
elt wanting to change the Court, 
Roosevelt geuing the change in 

Because of an argument be-
tween Justices Black and Jackson 
immediately preceding the vote, 
Jackson refused to vote with Black 
for review. Thus, the Supreme 
Court did not review the case, and 
Remington was subsequently sent 
to prison, where he was killed in a 
fight a few months later, Raub said 

Supreme Court justices do not 
publicly record the vote when they 
review a case. According to Raub, 
Justice Jackson would not have 
voted against the review ifhe knew 
the vote were to be recorded pub-
licly. 

"I think there's too much se-
crecy about the Supreme Court. 
Wbyshouldhow [the Justicesj vote 
on review be kept under lock and 
key? ... I don't believe Bill 
Remington would be dead today if 
those votes were recorded for the 
public," Rauh argued. 

Raub called the Supreme Court 
period under Chief Justice Earl 
Warren, from the mid 19SOs to the 
late 19605, some "of the happiest 
days of a Civil Libertarian's life." 

Raub recounted a monumental 
case he argued in front of the 
Supreme Court, pertaining to the 
McCarthy period and the intense 
anti-Communist "red scare" senti-

ments of the early 19505. 
When John Watkins, a United 

Auto Worker's organizer, was 
called before the House Un-Ameri-
can Activities Committee, he 
agreed to discuss his own previous 
activities in the Communist party, 
but refused to indict his colleagues 
on the grounds that such informa-
tion was irrelevant. 

Watkins was found in contempt 
of court, but Rauh tDOk the case to 
the Supreme Court where thedeci-
sion was overturned in 1957 on the 
basis that a congressional commit-
tee does not have the power "to in-
vestigate for the power of expos-
ing someone," Raub said. 

By the time Reagan was in of-
fice, in 1981, Rauh characterized 
the Supreme Court as a "mixed 
bag; it was neither liberal nor con-
servative. " 

"We were afraid to open our 
mouths" when Sandra Day 
O'Connor was appointed to the 

court, Rauhsaid "If you 
think you could stop ... 
the first woman from 
being appointed to the 
Supreme Court, why it 
was like a tornado. She 
was, is, and always will 
be, a very conservative 
lady." 

Chief Justice 
Rehnquist'snomination 
and confirmation, ac-
cording to Rauh, was an 
auempt by conserva-
tives, such as President 
Reagan, to "change five 
areas of decision" within 
the govemment. 

The five areas that 
remain on the conserva-
tive agenda are school 
prayer, abortion, af-
firmative action, busing, 
and defendants' rights, 
Raub said. 

Raub indicated that 
the conservative posi-
tion against abortion is 
cUJTently proving costly 
for the Republican 

Party, and is generating significant 
political turbulence. 

Raub argued that it is difficult 
for him to understand the conser-
vative "hot-shots" who feel a 
woman should not have the right 
of choice because they are mwder-
ing the fetus, but feel that it is 
acceptable for the government to 
sanction the death penalty, the 
murder of an adult. 

"To me, that's an unforgivable 
inconsistency," Raub said. 

Raub concluded his lecture by 
ac1cnowledging that, although the 
liberal forces won the battle in 
refusing to confirm Bork, they lost 
the war when Antonin Scalia, An-
thony Kennedy, and William 
Rehnquist were confmned to the 
Supreme Court in 1986. "Now the 
cycle is complete," Rauh said, 
"we've gone from the New Deal 
all the way to the beautiful days of 
the Warren Court and then down 
now where the coon is an anti-Bill 
of Rights Court. 

"Looting back on more than 50 
years in and about ... our highest 
court ... the period during which 
great steps toward rights and lib-
erty were made. Just how far back 
the existing conservative reaction-
ary majority of the Court will take 
our nation remaJns to be seen." 

NEWS 7 

Communicate In Color 
Now At Kinko's 

Canon Color Laser Copies! 
• Presentations • Transparencies 
• Displays • Sales Flyers 
• Charts/Graphs • Even Copy From Slides! 

kinko·s~ 
the copy center 
457-3775 

La jolla Village Center 

~-------------------~ 99 C Color Copies I I 
I Brin8thi. coupon into a partic'pating Kinko', Copy Center and receive up to five I 
I 8'''' x II" color copies for only 99, each. Not valid with any other offer. One coupon I per customer. Good through 3/1190. L ___________________ ~ 

p 
BAR • GRtLL • PtZZA • PASTA 

v 
ITALIAN CUISINE 

COME ON DOWN! 
UCSD'S beautiful "Bar by the Beach" 

also features fine dining and live music 

1025 Prospect Ave., Ste. 250 • 454-9711 • Validated Parking 

LA JOLLA 

AEROBICS 
NAUTlUS-HOIST 
FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 

•• ING-PIT® 
3968 Clairamont Mesa Blvd. 

dairemonl Squcn Shopping UnIor..- L. ...... do w.td ~ ~ 
.83-9294 

Aho in SOSU _ 691-1702. p,.." Ihia ad and 1.0. 



8 FEATURES 

New Look 
Will Affect 
Environment 
Changes Outlined 
in Long-Range Plan 
• Story By Ben Boychuk 
Senior StIlffWriUr 

U CSO will be a vastly different place in 2005 if everything goes as 
planned. With significant 
alterations such as those pro-
posed in the University's Long 
Range Development Plan, it is 
impossible to avoid cenain 
changes in the environment. 

The University published a 
two volume Environmental 
Impact Report in November 
1989, which details possible 
impacts followed by proposed 
mitigation to counter negative en-
vironmental effects. 

By 2005, the University will 
have more than doubled its 
amount of campus building 
space. According 10 University 
figures, the amount of "campus 
building pace in assignable 
square feel by use" in 1989 was 
listed at 4,399,974. By 2005, that 
figure is expected to be 9,940,000 
square feeL 

According to the Long Range 
Development Plan (LRDP), the 
total population is estimated to 
consist of 26,050 students, and 
16,900 faculty and staff by the 
2005 academic year. One of the 
primary goals of the LRDP is to 
accommodate 50 percent of the 
student population, roughly 
J 3,000 students, to on-campus 
housing. 

With such a large increase in 
population, coupled with an array 
of structural developments, the 
University has anticipated several 
environmental impacts and has 
developed many mitigation meas-
ures, according to the LRDP. 

With traffic expected to 
double in volume along such 
streets as North Torrey Pines 
Road and La Jolla Village Drive, 
and more than triple along Re-
gents Road and Genesee Avenue, 
the University has sought to 
widen several major roads and 
develop a1ternalive modes of 
transponation, according to the 
LRDP. 

One of the options cited in the 
LORP's Environmental Impact 
Repon (EIR) is the development 
of a light rail system. 

However, according to tile re-
vised LRDP, the amount of 
parking appears to decrease, 
despite the massive increase in 
traffic volume. According to the 
report, there are 89 existing acres 
devoted to parking. By 2005, that 
figure will be cut down to 63 
acres. 

Most of the current parking 
See ENVIROMENT, page 13 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 20, 1990 

Features 
Proposed Changes For The Universi'r Center 

UCSD plans to redevelop the University Center by adding shops, cafes, student service offices, .~estaurants , ~~ 
well as other structures. Through the redevelopment of the University Center, UCSD hopes ~o provt e an area WI 
a "downtown flavor." The map below is a guide used by the school for future development In the area. 

T HE ~LITTLE C,TY' 
In UCSD's Long-Term Redevelopment 
University Center Will Be 'Like Downtown' 
• Story By Jeffrey Yamaguchi 
StaffWriUr 

I f students thought of UCSD as "a little city," Campus Planner Pat Collum recently commented, the 
University Center would be the down-
town area. 

The University Center, which will 
cover 28 acres of land where the Mat-
thews Academic Complex currently 
stands, "is to be the hub of activilY on 
campus," according to the UCSD 
Master Plan. 

Collum expecls the University 
Center to have a wide range of 
attractions. 

"We'd like to have a real mix of 
activities ... maybe an art gallery, a 
performing arts center, academic 
offices, a tudent services facility, 
classrooms, student shops, a bike store, 
coffee shops .. . perhaps some student 
housing. " 

Collum hopes that it will be a "live, 

active area with people there night and 
day, with activities always going on- just 
like downtown should be." 

However, a specific list of attractions 
has not been completed. "We don't yet 
have what we call a program, which is a 
definite list of functions," Collum said. 

According to Mordeci Potash, a 
member of the University Center Board, 
because of a projected student increase, 
UC Regents want student service facilites 
at UCSD to be increased. 

Potash ex plained that there is a direct 
relationship between the student popula-
tion and plans for the redevelopment of 
the entire University Center. 

"As far as how big a facility we are 
going to need, we' re a 'wait and see' 
university," Potash said. "We learn from 
other UCs. We did even before the Price 
Center was built." 

According to Collum, in order to 
develop a program, the needs and wants 
of the future have to be figured out. 

Jennifer KoIIIIy/Guardian 
Clmpus PlBnlJlf Patricia Collum ... 
University Center will be "hub of activity .• 
"That's what we're in the process of 
doing right now," she said. 

However, the Price Center is already 
a part of the University Cenler, and two 

See CENTER, page' 

Tuesday, February 20, 1990 

Center 
Continued from page 8 
other University Center projects 
are currently in the early stages 
of planning. 

''The Student Services Facility 
and the classroom building are both 
real projects. They are not just a 
gleam in somebody's eye," Col-
lum said. 

The Student Services Facility is 
estimated to be completed by Janu-
ary 1994. It will contain UCSO's 
first multi-level underground park-
ing structure and components of 
the Housing, Parking, Registrar, 
Admission, Bursar, Student Finan-
cial Services, Student Outreach, 
and Recruitment and Undergradu-
ate Affairs offices, according to 
Angela Dory, non-state coordina-
tor of capital planning. 

The Student Services Facility 
will be built where the old book-
store now stands. 

The classroom building is ten-
tatively planned 10 have a 2,200-
seat capacity, but the actual num-
ber of seats per room and number 
of rooms are not known at this 
time, according to Dory. 

Although no site has been se-
lected for the classroom building, 
Collum said that "the chances are 
90 percent that it will go in the 
University Center." 

"I can't say it's 100 percent 
because we don't have formal 
approval of the site for that build-
ing, butt he classroom building will 
begin construction in July 1993," 
Collum explained. 

According to Potash, approval 
for the building site goes through 
the UC Regents. 

"The UCSD administration has 
free choice of where they want to 
build it. lbe UC Regents are not 
concerned by where [the classroom 
building] is going to be but how 
much," Potash said. 

According to Collum, the idea 
to have a "University Center" was 
developed during the creation of 
the UCSD Master Plan. 

"The reason we need the Mas-
ter Plan is because we have a finite 
amount of land here ... some of it 
already developed, some we don't 
want to develop," Collum said. 

"We needed to know how 
densely the campus should be 
developed, making sure that there 
is going to be sufficient land to 
fWlch our academic goals and pre-
serve our canyons and eu.::a1yptus 
groves," she continued. "We 
wanted to make sure that we could 
accommodate all our growth." 

According to Collum, the Mas-
ter Plan proposes "a series of con-
cepts for organizing future devel-
opments ofbuiJdings, open spaces, 
and infrastructure." 

The Master Plan was created by 
UCSO's Campus Planning Office, 
a consulting firm, Campus/Com-
munity Planning Committee, as 
weIJ as other contributors. 

According to the Master Plan, 
UCSD is estimated to have a total 
land area of J ,060 acres, 680 of 
which is considered to be "sensi-
tive to development," leaving 380 
acre of "preferred developable 
land." 

"The concept of neighborhoods 
is the building block of campus 
development," according to the 
Plan. A neighborhood, as defined 

See CENTER, page 13 

The UCSD Guardian 

Q&A 
With the changes being planned by the UCSD's Long·Range Devel· 

opment Plan and its Master Plan, the Guardia? asked ~lIege p~ovosts : 
"what changes academically, structurally, soetally, or philosophically do 
you see happening to your college by the year 20057" 

In terms of physical lacilities, by 
the year 2005, I would expect Fifth Col· 
lege to have ks own provost's office 
located in the area designated in the 
Master Plan as the Fifth College neigh· 
borhoOd. I would also expect the cur· 
rent freshmen residence halls to be 
replaced by newer facilities, as called 
for in the Master Plan. 

.. . AII these physical changes 
should give our students a stronger 
sense of belonging to a college and a 
stronger identity with the college. I also 
expect that some academic and ad· 
ministrative buildings would be located 
in the cotlege by then, among them the 
new VtSUalArts Building and aprovost's 
office. 

I foresee a gradual but significant 
shift in the type of student activities 
sponsored by the college and in the 
nature of our students 1hemseIves, as 
more of them retum from living abroad. 
I expect that k will be such a strongly 
established tradition for Filth College 
students to go abroad during their 
undergraduate years and that well over 
half of any given graduating class will 
have had this experience. hispossi>le 
that Fifth College may even have a 
slightly older student population as a 
resuh of students who take time out to 
go abroad for study or personal. rea· 
sons. I think, too, that the InternatIOnal 
experience 01 our returnees from 
abroad will cause an increase in the 
already·high level of volunteering in 
Fifth Collage. 

Finally, I think that the course 
'Making 01 the Modern World' may 
become recognized as a model lor 
courses of its kind that attempt to deal 
with topics across cultures and disci· 
plines. 

.limes It Lyon 
Provost, fifth College 

Warren College was foooded in 
1974, but ~ did not have a permanent 
college site until 1986. Currently, 
Warren College includes the Engineer· 
ing BUilding, Magnetic Recording Bu!ld-
ing, S1ructure Lab, the new Instruction 
and ReseM:hConllfex, WarrenApar!' 
ments, and Canyonview Recreational 
Facility. There are plans to add a 500-
unit residential hall in 1992, a second 
engineering building around 1995, and 
at least one or two additional academic 
buildings by the year 2005. When com· 
pIeted, the calege wi. be doninated 
by a long rectangular mall (the Warren 
Mall) surroIIlded by prominent aca· 
demic buildings and a residential area 
10 the northwest. 

Academically, the college wII c0n-
tinue to emphasize ~ 
tralning and inclvidualized general 
education propns. Warren College 
is not expected 10 grow beyond its 
current size, of 3,500 students. 

As for undergraduate education at 
UCSD as a whole, there are possmiW-
ties for innovative new colleges and 
new programs that need noIlo1low the 
same pattem as the existing ones. 
There is room lor exciting develop-
ment before the year 2005. 

DevldWong 
Provost, WI""" College 

... Socially, we will become amuch 
more diverse college giving us a 
wonderful opportunity to prepare all 
students for the changing world we 
know is ahead. 

F. ThomaI Bond 
Provost, Revelle College 

.... Certainly the ethnic and cultural 
mix of teday's toddlers. who wiU be 
applying to Muir in 2005, is different 
from the current coIlege·age popula· 
tion. I do have a short 'wish lisr for the 
college and UCSD: 

• That Muir have a more culturally 
diverse population; 

,That Muir have more student 
housing, preferably apartments; . 

• That Muir offer a strong minor In 
environmental studies; 

-That UCSD have more under-
graduate scholarships; and 

• That UCSD adopt a three-course 
per quarter student wo.rkIoad by r.e-
structuring courses to Yield five un~s 
per term. 

P.J. Ledden 
Provost, Muir College 

I have short and long-term goals 
for Third College. In the short run, I 
expect the College to derive a more 
appropriate and meaningful n~. 
While this seems to be a cosmetic 
issue it does indeed have strong rami~tions for our Mure. In particu, 
lar, I am impressed by the fact that, 

havingbeenaround,fornearly20ye~s 
now, Third College IS second to last In 
terms oftha number of first-preference 
students it attracts. Looking at the high 
school applications for Fall quarter ad· 
mission, only Fifth College is below ~s. 
Our studies have found that Third 
Colege is a highly desirable environ-
ment, once students come to the cam· 
pus, and most inter.coflege transfers 
are into Third, not out of k. 

In terms of Iong·range goals, Third 
CoIege is also revising its general 
education curriculum. The proposal 
will go forward to the Committee on 
Educational Policy very soon and rec· 
ommends: 1) the establishment of a 

thr~ freshman core COIn8 
entitled, 'Diversity, JusOOe and Imagi-
nation:' 2) a pIbIic service course 
option thai wiH place Third College stu-
dents into selected ptiI\ic schools (K-
12) as tutors 10 children for under· 
represented populations. This oppor-
l\Ility could be used to defray some 
portion of the general education re-
quirement; 3) the establi~. of a 
Convocation Series that will Invrte 
speakers discussing topics central to 
the Third College philosophy. 

... The focus will be 10 reclaim the 
leadership on issues of cuftural diver-
sity and education as we enter our 
third decade. 

Cecil Lytle 
Provost, ThIrd CoIege 

Res,"",," complJed by SI." Wrller Jeffrey V.mqucbl 
PhoIocr.phs by Jal_ Muldoon 

FEATURES 9 

~urD~~wn. ~urChmce 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immediate 

Test Results 
• Pregnancy 

Termination 
• General or Local 

Anesthesia 
• Affordable 

Birth Control 
• Student Discount 

11te College Line 
535-1379 

Q;r;t .L · ~IICnOICe 
MlIIlly Pllllllllitg 

ASSOc1I1!es 
Met/iclll CrollP 

The Uhimate Cutl 
~~alajutUF~~ 
r(U!,~k#cuL~ 

~~~rd~~~..:k. 
enls Cuts .......... $4 OFF 

With This Ad Reg. $21.00 

Womenls Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $26.00 

with selected stylists 

*PRICES INCLUDE' 
graphic cut shampoo,conditioning 

and professional styling 

457-3334 
8843 Ville La Jolla Drive 

locltwi 
in /lIB II JoN, ViU'9t1 Shoppmg Center 



Monday, February 20, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 10 

A.S. UCSD BULLETIN 
-Paid Advertisement-

. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ 
ASUCSD/UCB PRESENTS 

1990 C~py tJJ!JLLL 
THEME: MARDI GRAS/MASQUERADE 

SATURDAY, MARCH 3,1990 
PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 

TICKET PRICES 
PRIOR TO FEB. 23rd - $25/15 STUDENTS 

- $40/20 NON-STUDENTS 
AFTER FEB. 23rd - $30/20 STUDENTS 

- $45/25 NON-STUDENTS 
BLACK TIE OR APPROPRIATE COSTUME 
.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~+~.~+~.~ 

CHECK OUT 
THE VINYL BLOWOUT 

50 % OFF ALL IMPORT LP'S 
50 % OFF 100's of 

DOMESTIC LP'S 
20 % OFF USED LP'S 

ASSORTED VINYL WANTS YOUR USED CD'S 
BRING THEM IN AND WE'LL BUY THEM FROM YOU 

Assorted Vinyl 
TOPTEN!!! 

1. DEPECHE MODE "PERSONAL JESUS" 
2. PETER MURPHY "DEEP"** 
3. B-52'S "COSMIC THING" 
4. MORRISSEY "OUUA BOARD, OUUA BOARD" 
5. DAVID BOWIE "SPACE ODDITY" * * 
6. DAVID BOWIE "THE MAN WHO SOLD ... "** 
7. DAVID BOWIE "HUNKY DORY"** 
8. PHIL COLLINS "BUT SERIOUSLY" 
9. UB40 "LABOUR OF LOVE 1/" 
lO.STONE ROSES "STONE ROSES" * * 

Located in Price Center ~ 
Hours: (O~O) 

Monday - Friday 11 -6 00 00 

**On Sale Now - - 12.99* * 

PRESIDENTAL TASK FORCE ON IlARASSMEN1 
TlDS TASK FORCE SEEKS TO WORK TOWARD 

DISCOURAGING RACIAL AND SEXUAL INSENSITIVITY 
AND MAKING RACIAL AND SEXUAL HARASSMENT 
COMPLAINT RESOLUTION MORE ACCEssmLE FOR 
THE UCSD COMMUNITY; AND TO PROVIDE INFO ON 

THOSE OFFICES AND ORGANIZATIONS AT UCSD 
WlDCH SERVE THESE INTERESTS. WE SEEK 

STUDENTS TO WORK WITH THE TASK FORCE. 
CURRENT WORK IS BEGINNING ON SEXUAL 

HARASSMENT ISSUES. 
FOR MORE INFO, CONTACT AUGGIE OROZCO OR RUBEN 

DURAN IN TIlE A.S. OFFICE - 534-4450 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

:. ALL CAMPUS BATTLE OF THE: 
• 
• BANDS : 

• 
: BEGINS APRIL 6th IN THE TRITON: . 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

PUB!!! : 
• MORE TO COME! : 

• GET YOUR BATn.E OF THE BANDS APPLICATION : 
: • THE A.S. OFFICES OR DDT RADIO • 
• LAST DAY TO TURN THEM IN 18 MARCH 5, 1990 .. 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

~LAUGHTER~ 
... 

• 

~. 

the mighty lemon drops 
~ t'" ~~_ 

John wesley harding 

FRIDAY • MARCH 2 • 8PM 
PRICE CENTER BALLRPOM 
UCSD ST. $11 • G.A. $15. ($18 DAY OF SHOW) 
UCSD SOX OFFICE • 534-4559 • .var~ 
... ........ -11-11/\ 

Monday, February 20, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 11 

AS PROGRAMMING 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
:TO FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS: 
• CALL THE A.S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-84331 • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

A.S. PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE MTG • 
TUES., FEB.19th AT 5:00 PM 
PRICE CENTER CONF. RM. 8 

ATTENTION LOCAL BANDS!!! 
SEND US YOU DEMOS NOWI 

ASUCSD PROGRAMMING AND UE & SA POP EVENTS 
ARE LOOKING FOR A FEW GOOD BANDSI 

PLEASE MAIL (OR DROP OFF) TO MATT/A.S. OFC Q-on 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 
INTERNATIONAL CLlJB is sponsoring a Talent Show on Sun., Feb. 25th and is currently 
searching for new talents. If you (and your friends) can sing, dance, teU (good) jokes, juggle 
or do anything at all, then this is your chance! Winners will receive 1st, 2nd, and 3rd place 
prizes and a chance to perform at the Int1 Ctr. Friday Cafe. For more info., leave a message 
for Armin or Linda at x43730. Deadline to enter is Wed., Feb. 21. 
IUK.is skiing Sun Valley for one week over Spring break. $349.00 includes 5 day lift JIlSS .. 
deluxe lodging at the mountain, Greyhound transportation and more! For more info., come 
to our club meeting, Wed, Feb. 21, 8:00 pm in Rec. Conf. Rm. by the Main Gym. Tix are 
almost sold ouL 
SCA CQUdEGE OF ST. ARTEMUS; St. Artemus Day Torney & Revel. fighting, melees', 
dancing, bardic circle. SaL, March 10th, 10:00am at Stonehenge (behind Gailbraith Hall). 
INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS GROIIP; Part V of "EYE ON THE. THIRD WORLD." 
Film: "Dialogue on Int1 Development." Final part of series examining 3 vitally imponant 
questions. Can development succeed in the abscenceof lustice? Who is accountable to whom 
in effective development? Are development, education, and fundraising compatible? 
Commentaror: Martin de Ia Rosa, Prof. at Baja Calif. Univ. Co-sponsored by: Mecha, CWD, 
and Fifth CoUege. Wed., Feb. 21st - 7:00pm @ Pepper Canyon Lodge . 
ISRAEL ACTION COMMl1TEE presents a speech about the Levels of Conflict in the 

rr;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;" Middle East by Former Nixon aid.lohn Rothman - Tues., Feb. 27th at 7:00pm in USB2722 
A.S. FILM SERIES PRESENTS 

"COMING TO AMERICA" 
Thurs. Feb. 22m - P. C. THEATRE - 6: 30 & 9: OOpn 

TIX ARE ONLY $1.00 
& AVAILABLE @ THE BOX OFC. 

& MAY BE PURCHASED IN ADVANCE OR 
@ THE DOOR 

A.S. ELECTIONS ARE APPROACHING FASTI YOU CAN 
MAKE A DIFFERENCE BECOME AN A.S. OFFICER, 
RUN FOR OFFICE IN THE SPRING ELECTIONS! 

1990 (Tentative) ASUCSD Election Calendar 
Filing Dates: March 5th thru 9th, 8:00 am-4:00 pm 

March 12th thru 14th, 8:00 am-4:00pm 
April 2nd, 8:00 am-4:00 pm 
A.S. Office. Price Center, 3rd Floor 

Last Day to Fila: April 2nd. 8:00am - 4:00pm 
Candldata's Meeting: April 2nd, 5:00pm 

Price Center Cove, Mandatory 
No Filing during Finals or Bresk WHIrl 

campaigning Baglns: April 2nd. 8:00 pm 
Primary Voting Days: ApriI1Oth,,10:00am-4:00pm 

April 11th, 10:00am-4:00pm 
April 12th, 10:00am-4:00pm 

Primary Poll Locations: April 10th, Tues., AI. yourcollega 
Revelle Plaza 
Muir-MOM 
Third - Peterson Hall 
Warren - Apt. Commons 
Afth - Asst. Res. Dean's Office 

April 11 th, Wednesday 
Price CenterPlaza 
April 12th, Thursday 
Price Center Plaza 

Runoff Election: April 18th, Wednesday 
10:00am-4:00pm 

Runoff Poll Location: Price Center Plaza 

RE\'ELl,FB B~iITLE OF TIlE Bth\TD6 
FRIDAY. MARCH 2nd @ 9:00pm 

COME ROCK wrm : 
o ACOUSTIC ALIBI • mE EXCENTRICS 0 FICTION 

• ME AND BABY GIN 0 VICIOUS BUITER FLY FANTASY. 
AS TIiEY BATrLE FOR $450.00 IN CASH PRIZES 

@ REVElLE CAFE'IERlA 
ADMISSION IS ONLY $1 .00!!! 

INTERESTED IN YOUR STUDENT GOV'T? 
HELP RUN THE A.S. ELECTIONS 

WANTED: 
2STUDENTS-AT-LARGE 

APPLY IN TIlE A.S. OFC., PC 3rd FLOOR W /PATIY 

2 STUDENTS FROM EACH COLLEGE 
APPLY TIiRU YOUR COLLEGE COUNCIL 0 mE DEANS OFC 

II1'llilSSI~)II~Nrl' 
Itl'(~Il'l .. SI~NSIrl'IVIrl'Y 

'I'DIJllSI)llY 
)lllI1f~H I, II)f)f) 

12:(") - 2:(") )')1 
1)11I(~I~ (~I~N'I'I~ll 

111'1~1.4llf)(»)1 A 
SPONSORED BY: ASUCSD 



12 

SERVICES & WORKSHOPS 
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20 

1I :000.m.·IZ:3Op.m.-COPING WITH CHRONIC ILLNESS M ,;' 
PAIN. This poop is for lIudent5 ckaiinl With ctuomc: illness or pain in 
t.hcirown livcsorin (he HvcsofsipificantOlhcrs. Topics 10 be addressed 
include pain/$tres, manqemenl lechniqun., handlin, depreu.lon and 
lois. dealin, with medical rrelunenl. Ind developing suppon sYRems.. 
Coping skill dcveloprncntand a supponive environment will be c~­
!iud, led by Jeanne Mlnese and Carol LeBoeuf. For I prthminary 
appointment befon: c:oounl 10 the &roUP please call Carol a' 534-02l6. 
1003GH. 

1I:000.m..t :OOp.m.-GAV AND LESBIAN PEER COUNSELING. 
Have a quegion? Want 5OmeOM: 110 talk (O? Need a supportive environ-
menc? Drop by the Women', Rc5OUJ'CC Ccnl<S(P'Iicc Center) orc;alI.534-
2023 for M individualappoinunc:nl whh I tIIined pcercouruekw. 

1:00p.m..2:30p ..... -BLACK WOMEN 'S SUPPORT OROUP. A. 
informal JroUP which mecu weekl)' to enhance (he academic. personal 
and socill upericncc of Black women Sludents.lcd by Equillll..ukeand 
Cryml Shannon. Call Crystal or Equillo II ~34-37" ror Inronn:uion and 
siln-up. Rcvelle: Formal Lounle. 

2:00p.m. ... :00p.m.-S11!ESS MANAOEMENr WORKSHOP. Thi, 
wortshop will focus on increasin, yourawa.reness of the effoeu of stress 
on your lifc and kamin, allis 10 maniac saess (C,I .. time: mIna,emcnl, 
relaurion. COCnilivc skills), It is recommended thlt you participate in this 
wortshop bel"", you r ... lovcrwhclmcd by ....... Led by Kolhy Koshi ..... 
Call Kathy a, ~34-3.S85 ror inrorrnation 

Z:3Op.m. .. :OOp. ... -GRADUAlC MEN'S AND WOMEN'S lliER-
APY GROUP. A _Iy aroup rot paduolO .!UdcnlS inlCrelled in 
Cltplorin& ~llrionsbiP'o ~cKtonal issues. Ind penona1 

concem~ Led by Miriam Iosupovici, .534-0255. For infonnalion and I 
prelimirwy interview be(ore com!n, to the ,roup. call Miriam at me 
100.-. phone numl><r. 1003 GH. 

3:00p.m.":JOp.m.-AOULT CHD..DREN OF ALCOHOUCS psy. 
CHOEDUCA TIO GROUP. Thi' i •• ltnJ<IUJ«I ecluc:otionol aroup ror 
s1UCIenlS who .... 110 .... how bein, on lIIult cltild 0( lII'Ic:ohoIf' his 
patterned their lives, We will expkn famil)' dynamics .ftd roleS, ACA 
dwttc1erisrics,l.rimory .... reilrionshlps. co-dcpendeft<y. and how )'OIIf 
odull U ... ore oIfe<tCd. Lcd by Dione B_1 and CotoI LcBoeuJ'. Call 
Diant It 534-3033 or CaroIal S)4..02S6 for a prelimi.wy appoinrmenl 
bercnQOlllin, 10"" aroup. 10030H. 
4:00p.m.·!:JIp .... -SOClAL SKILLS WORKSHOP. 'IlIis aroup wlU 
focus on devek>pin, sk..il1s (or medin, with ocher people, (OI'Iveru.1ions. 
uscniV<nCSs, ond JCII<I>I c:omfOl'l in aroups. Led by LIndsoy Calderon 
and Eve"" Ludmon. Cau UndllY" S34-37~~.orEvell< 1\ ~34-3Sl1~ ror 
inrormotion. R ... llelnformol ......... 

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21 
\1:3Ip.m.·Z:00p.m.- RED III (RECOVERING F1\OM EATING DIS-
ORDERS) GROUP. This aroup I. lor ,1UdcnI, who ... beyond .. ,ullt 
pancnu or bir.,rinl. dietinJ. Of purain, bul who wanllO continue their 
.. lr ...... lopmcnllhrou"'incrcucdl<vd.o(shotin'and ..... Tho_ 
'A ill learn to cl!;pcricnc:e f«lin,s of pater intimat)' and id(-ec:ceptanc:c. 
Led by IIerl/lWju wilh Liz Dlllri<h. Call Beveriy 1\ ~34-6493 ror 
infCll'1'nlrion and 10 si,n up be{Cftcomin, to the poup. 1003 GH. 

_:OOp.m.-6:t1p. ... -GA V ANDLESBIAN PEER COUNSELING. Ho"" 
• quesdon1 Wan[ someone 10 talk IO? Need • supponiw environmcnl? 
Drop by .... Women'. Rew.tn:C Con .... (Price Cenler) or<oJi534-2023 
(or an individual appoinancru .....;m a trtined peer counselor. 

S:.l8p. .... 1:00p.m.-RED I (RECOVERING FROM EATINO DlSOR· 
DERS)GROUP. Th;' is. psy<ll<>cdUCllionol 'Io'IlIbhop ror"udenlS who 
WlntlO bccome.l1lOR 'WaR ollhcir catin& babilS and how Ihe)' may be 
trigered .nd mainl&l_ H.bil-brelld., 1tCMiques. buildi" .. If .... 
Iccm..- aoinin" and _ oopiol ......... will bo ... "" ond 
pncIieed. Led by Dione _I and. p«r ....... lor. Call Dione II S34-
3033 if you are inlerested in joinin, lhe JlUUP bc(cnoominllOtM poup. 
6:JOp."" ... :top ..... - LESBIAN AND BISEXUAL WOMEN'S SUP-
PORTOROUP. We·,. . weelUY. c:onftdcntioldrop-I. _ ror_ 
intaeSled in ditcussint F!rsonai concems and IOcial issues in. c:a:don-
Ible. supportive cnvlronmenl. Drop by tbe Women·s RCIOW'Ce CenkT 
(Price Ctll .... '. or <II! 534-2023 or ~34-37" for more Inrormorion. Led 
by Otcli ond Sue. 

THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 22 

10:000.m.·ll:000.~AY AND LESBIAN PEER COUNSELING. 
Have J question? Want someone 10 war: I?? Need. Jupponive environ-
menl' Drop by .... Women', Rcsowoe Cent:r(Price CenICr) or<oJi534-
2023 for an individuallppointmcnl with I trained peer counxtor. 

3:00p.m. ... :00p.m.-GROUPFORUNManVAlIDANDPROCRAS· 
TINATINO S'ruDEm'S. A aroup ror """'IS who rtnd II elirr .. uh .. 
study or let suned<>'" "'lit .. ritin, ofpIpCI' Md who reel thallChool is no! 
lherlocc lorlhem Illhi, J nco Led by by Hull> PaICS. ~34-:14S6. Revelle 
Prtrvmt 'S OffICe. 

3:3Op.m, S:OOp. ...... ~NGSKILLSGROJP. ",.plorthl."""p 
is to undeBt.and 10m'"' It the WI)'S in which emc"'ionl., bioqicaJ moods, 
eo&nirive Mthudes and Slf'IItPH, u well as bel ... vknI pauems lmenct 

MJeilhcr~Of \0 ~vc problems. This ',vi:1 be,.n attivearoup usin, 
imaaery and :wanal w.e~u'.tqucs in ,"",p and I 1t'1(_help book and 
-.cwork beI ..... n sessions. Led by _y Hlliu on( Vv ... Milnlli. 
CaD ~)' 11 3)4.649) or Yveuc at 534--1725 fOl'" information and I 
prtJitrJnuy inlr Mew before comin& 10 me poop.. Conrerence Room. 202 
We. 

6:00p.m.·1:3Op.m.-GAY AN J BISEXUAL MF.N·S SUPPORT 
GROUP. H.Jive a qucstiod~·.:!rnt so.l'IeOnC 10 talk IO? Need a supportive 
cnvironment? C'.oreejoin w,1l...at by Muk.nd '!'on)'. Call D .... id 11 ~l4-
3987 for infonnati?r.. Wcrnen ·s ReIOUt\'e Ce,'Iier. 

The UCSD Guardian 

TheWeekly Calendar 
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 23 

Z:OOp.rr.·3:3Op .... - ALCOHOLANDSUBSTANCEABI"EGROUP. 
If J ...... hive evtr asked "00 (have a probkm1".chinces are you., have 
[ew thinl' 10 I&Ik aboul. Lcd by Dan Munoz and Cryaal Shannon. Call 
I:. ,!jJ4.1~19 for information. Revel~ Prov~', Offace. 

4: ..... m.-6: ........ -CAMPUS BLACK FORUM. A. i.rormal di",.,. 
sion/suppon puup which (ocuses on luucs. conccms and expcriencn 
thl' atrecc the quality of life of the African-American communiI)' .. 
ucsn. A probkm-solvin, and ikiH-buildinSlpprOlCh is used 10 aula 
Sludenu incopi", with academic, lOCiaL, rellbOnship, and family mallen. 
Led by Phil Rapha.ellnd Oystll Shannon. For additional information, 
cln Phil or Oy5UIJ at .534-3755. Mountain View Lounac. 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
Altenlion Students! UCSO's US Grants will fund yourspeciaJ project in 
any ftek!. Up IOS~ pcrprojctt. lnlCresecd7 Call B4-3917 c..vilil our 
office in the Price Cenler. 

MONDA Y THROUGH FRIDA Y 

S:oo..nL':":OOp.m.-S1G1 PLUS. Systems of lntmctive Guidance and 
I nfonnalion is. compulCt-blscd propam of career infOl"O\ldon desi ,ned 
10 help you clarify your skills, values. and occuPltionil interests. For 
IT'IOR inrOl111llion. COOlC' to Career Servus Cenler. S 10. 

8:0Da. ....... :3Gp.m.-OASIS Writin, Center offCft free service (or all 
UCSO Audents " '00 need prcowriri", help. conferences on drafts and ed-
itinlidYice, We tIllI,e II'IY tind olwridn,lnd 1ft)' k.lndorwririn& pr0b-
lem. Confcn::nces ate. by appoincment only. Evca.in, appoinunmu are 
alsoavail.ble. (Forfult ruaeoiteMces see Ihc bedc 01 theQll'TtnI e1ass 
",hodule). Call ~34-22B4 ... amo by Snxlenl Con .... Buildin, A. IUIIIII 
214,10 make In appointmmL This ICrvlcc is Ivlilabk throu,lQu (he 
quoner. SponSOl<d by the OASIS Wriri •• Cen ..... ..... 

.:OOo. ...... :3Op. ... -SCHOLARS WRITIN() WORKSHOP. Honors 
~ Ind individuol ossistont:e r ... _ and oopIIoonon:s. Tho 
wortuhop will focus on the short.-per, the e.suy uam.'" the prolalOt 
IS' _ . SIUdenIS will hove .... oppor1IIIIky 10 loom • word pnx:eu. 
inl'Y*fn. SM _ .... II< Clpccio;ly cn<:outIJOd 10 oppIy. Coli FomU 
Fc:ftrNft .. 5l4-7:w. for fdl1hc:r infonnadon ar an appoinanenL Free. 

.: ........ :.lJp.IL-OASIS Reodi., on.! SIUdy SIIIU. Censer otr.,. 
one-to-one Penonal Auiitalloc for Laminl (pAL) eoarercaoc:s 10 1m-
proveyourslrill' ....... rollowin'IOpi<s: Iime_.~.,..·_" 
projecl plannin, and <qan.iuIioa fOf ~tcan::h, kw;uft note-'*'"&o .llt-
_ reodi." pttpOrin, rOf ....... 11'<1 ..... 1IItin& -.;es. PAL 
eonf_ II< r-1I'<I'Yliioble byoppolnantnL For ....... i.rlll1llllion. 
<011 534-7344 Of_ by USB 4010 ....... 

.:OOo. ...... :3Op.m.-LeI OASIS Reodinl ond Sludy SIIIllJ help )'OIl Ihi, 
q_ wldl ti ..... ......,.."..,~ _n •• m.IdImn ~ and 
.... ·\II;in, ....... ,ie$. SlOp by USB 4010 ... <II15l4-7344 \0 .. 1 up. 
penonaJ appoinanenL Al.Jo..-stay on the Ic:ac*out (ex those valuab&e 
OASIS study skills wortshops. ..... 

"'000. ..... :3Op. ... T ... ond Thu: 4:3Ip. ...... :OOp._ The Lon,_ 
Propam provides Ulistanc'C to studtnu whole native \Mpace is not 
Eo,Ush ond 10 \hose doin, work i. J_. Sponish. ITcnch. Oamon. 
Hebrew. and ocher lanpaces. A diq,nosoc test 011 ","nen En,lish U I 
second lanP. Is lvailable on request. Call: 334-22.&4 (or more infor-
mation. StlMknt Center. Buildin, A, 1'214. Free. 

Mon.-Thu.: 1.:Oh. ... ·.: ........ Fri.: 1.: ...... ·Z:OOp .... Su • • : 
S: .................. -FREE individuol Morin, in 011 10_ division 
Moth, BicJIocy. Chcmisuy ECElCSE. Eooaomic:s. Physi<s.II'<I ......... 
upper elivbion rIosses. The OASIS Undcqround is IocoIed It 1114 
Goltnidt HIli. All SludcnlS ... Icoonel W. WIftI 10 help you. 1254 
Goltnidt Holi. F .... 

MONDA Y, FEBRUARY 19 

I :JOp. ...... :tOp.a-DROP-1N ADV!SINO HOURS: For Ioclp ftndin. 
dcsIroble pon·ti ..... employment. delctminin •• .-aoaI •• SOIIChin, ror 
jobs or nplorinl prof."ionol or pod .... school_unities. No .... 
POlfttment necasat)I,jUJt walk·in. Career Servica o-r_ Free. 

TUESDA Y. FEBRUARY 20 
1: ..... nt,-EfF'ECTIVE JOB SEARCH Sl'RA lCOY. W. or ... job 
vaunciet: are. un.dvertiscd. Thil 'Io'IlIbhop will LClCh you the: molt 
dT«Ii .. w.y., fUld \hom. Cot= Services Con"" . ..... 

l:.lOp.m.-4:00p.a.- DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS: For help rUldin, 
desirable: part-time cmploymem, dea::rminin, career pis. scan:hinc ror 
job< ..... plorinl professionoJ or pod .... school oppottunlties. No.1" 
pointment necessary, just walk-in. Carec:.' Services Cerua. Free. 

3:0I'--_on.-PORTFOUO PREPARATION· Lcom how ... lfeaivdy 
eliljlloy .. ...,1<. or your II1wor1t. wririn, or r.~""idco prodU<lions I ... 
johs ia lflC UU or COIlWIWnicaNw. -Jet a !\rJlds.'"In dc:monJtratioo from 
the. ;,,:;pens. (Requiremenl (or WECAN proparrt). ("'ft'Cf Servm C-n-
Ia". :-tulli -purpose room. 

• :tMIJ: ... !:OOp .... -CSE70arouplUUin,byOoryGillcspi.IIOASIS 
ANSEX \');,; 8ooI<sIorc) every Tucldoy ' Jd Thundoy. F .... 

W"a)/Io'€SDAY, FEBRUARY 21 
1I:000.m.-HOW TO ImERVIEW FOR MEDICAL OR DENTAL 
SOiOOL - What to expect in an i~' and how 10 prepue for iL 
c...c.. Services Center. Mulli·..-- room. 

1 :IOp._llIEMARKETABLERESUMEWORKSHOP. ~how 
10 oonsuuct a state-of·tJte,-an resume thai: will mate you 1ta'Mt out from 
.... crowd. Cot= Services ConICt . ...... 

1:JIp. ..... :eep. ... - DROP-IN ADVISING HOURS: For help r...tinJ 
desirable parHime employment. dcwnninin, career pls.aearchin, (or 
jobs or expklrin, proi'eulonal or .,.sUllie IChool opportunities. No a.,.. 
pointmenl ncc:wary, juS! walk-in. Career Servk:es Callcr. Free, 

Z:JOp.a-IN'reRVIEWlNOSKlLLS WOIlKSHOP. Do you nocd help 
in prt-parin, for job iMtrViews? Career ScMcH Center will provide lips 
on the bat WI)'S 10 present yuurqualifications and whal: kind oflntcrvlew 
quesltons 10 expect. Career Savices Center. Free. 

6:1Op. .... ·7:OOp,m.-Late to class apin? Or\ you did not finiJII your 
homework? Come 10 the OASIS Time Manqemcnl Worbltop.nd tum 
how to manaae your rime efleaively. OASIS Annex. 

THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 22 

IO:OOO .... -ON CAMERA: PRAcnclNO INlERVIEWING SKILLS 
- Sharpen )'OIIf i ..... iewI.' skills by ""'1 and IIeorinl yourxlr on 
video<opc. Rec.ive Iccdbock rrom ocher job -.. in Ihi, aroup-' 
shop. Prttoqul~I. : 1.lervlewin, SkUl. _shop. c.- Services Cen-
IU. Free. 

lO;oo..m.-Z:IOp.a-Jewish Campus Cc"~ Information Table in 
Revelle Plaza. Come and meet Rabbi Doul Slotnick. Director 01 the 
Jewish Campus CcnlCn It VCSD, This iSI wly 10 lei infonnltion lbout 
Jcwish life on campus. 

1:JOp. ..... :tIp ..... -DROP-lN ADVISING HOURS: Forl><lp rtndin, 
desirable pan-time empIO)menc.detennininIClft!efaaus,ltIIt'hin, (or 
job< Of c<plexinJ prof ........ 1 or pad",1C school_unities. No "I" 
potntmcnt necessary. jusl wllk-in. Career Sen-ices Cellic •. Free. 
3:00p.m.-COMMUNICATION FJaDS: WILL ORAD SCHOOL. 
HELP? • Explon: .... options i. ;a....l1sm. __ " and 
more! A panel orprofelllonols r_ divene ......... ic:IIion disdpII_ 
will discuss why they .... etn lO pwlu.e school and ..,. it conrributed 10 
their success. 

.:eep. ... 5:t1p. .. -CSE 70 _lulOrin. by OoryOO"spic .. OASIS 
ANNEX (Old 8ooIcsIorc)......" T\lcodly ond Thundoy. F .... 

FRIDA Y, FEBRUARY 23 
1:.lJp. .... :tIp.a-DR()P.IN ADVISING HOURS: For help IIndin, 
dainblc pon·_empIoymen.daatuininl_ ................. 
job< or npIorina profmionoI or pad.- school ~. No 
--. ..... 1 nocas.y. just WIIk·in. c...er SenIces c.-....... 

RECREATION & ENTERTAINMENT 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22 
!:~p.a.-TlIE llIURSDAY DINNER. _ rood and .... 
_yo Sponscnd by .... Calholic SuMieItl COlllmunily II UCSD. 
UniY<nlI)' ........ Otun:h, Catholic l.ooInF-ear-orN. Ton-cy PIIIes 
ond Lo JoIIo Shom Drive. $2.00. 

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 23 

':tIp._FRlDAV NrIl! SOCIAL..,....,.... by the Unh.d Campus 
Minlsay willjoin wldt .... "Juono CIIIanI eo.-:tion in. visk IDCaso 
de IoCIII_deTuuono. This is .. oppontIIIity 10_ .... ncill\bOnond 
1cont ......... musIc: .... _o(Mexlco. RSVPb........,. byThun.. 
Feb. 2Znd. A 1i",1....un, supper will bo.v ..... prior 00 -.u. ..... 
bus. ....... <111534-2521. 

SUNDA Y. FEBRUARY 25 

1:t1p.a.--SIBUNO REVELRY ondNEWHOPEwillpme.ll_ 
at <011.........,. praise IOIIp II .... La JolIll'labylaioo Oturclt. Oilld 
an: will be psovidcd. Join .. IS we _ .... Otrisdon r.idt in lOll" 
LI JoIIo PmbylCtlon Oturch Is I..,.."""" _pilon at .... U.iood 
Compos MiniIIly. UCSD. Conoat i. Fnoc. 

DISCUSSIONS 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20 
1: .... _Did )'OIl __ VolenliMs Ooy ond _ Condom 
Week? II the condoms wen: not 'ftN' 11)1&0 or you ~ inIeruaed in jldt 
1eomIn, obouI _ ronns or binII COII\I'OI come by ......... IIcoIdt 
AdVO<lle led info _ S1UCIcn1 HeaJIh Servioc, 2nd 1Ioor. 

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21 
I:OOp._Thm _I Ualcold IIdy who _ who< 10 do, .... lived in 
• condom and ilualled II the rem ...... I ..... _ . Come ., • Binh 
c::..a..J Inronnolion _ion .... lei .. wIdo • Itw condom at >"'" OWl!. 
Sluclcnl Hcoldl Service, 2nd 1Ioor. 

THURSDAY, FEBRUAR Y '22 

I :OOp.m.-EvcrhC. pelvic .... ' Or do you jtsR ..... 00 _ eucdy 
whit locsO!l durin,. pop-smeor? Co:ne 00. Wen W ..... _ ond 
you'lI oIso leom .boul infection F I.nlion and tome nutrition lifo . 
SlucIc.1 HcoIIh Servl<e. 2nd 1Ioor. 

ORGA~TIONAL~~ETINGS 
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY:l:l 
10:000. ..... :00p. __ The 1 .... <1 Activi ... Comminoe bu In Wonno· 
lion T.!lIc up i. Revelle PIal. Come ond .... wilh JewIsh s1UCIenlS obouI 
Jewllh tire on <II!IpUS and opponuniIies rOf visltlnll .. l. 

Tuesday, February 20,1990 

1:lOp.-.-Join lhe Dra.m Team - See videos. KVirW po.uen. desi", 
T11IIfriaIsforlt1c AIDS Tuk Fon:c. Come hear whll ii', tllabou, on Wed. 
niat ..... Fru Food .•• Free ... idto JMevtew. Call Chri. wilh your qutJlionl: 
534-04S8. Price Ccnlcr, Riversade Rm. 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23 
Muslim Siudent Auoclarion Gcnenal Mee,in, will be held in the Price 
Cenler, Irvine Room. Everyone is weleomc. 

3:eep. ..... :.lOp. ........ TAKE A FREE TRIP TO BERKELEYI Tho 
Bertc1ey Room. that is. for the next Oisabkld 51ud!:nt Union (05U) 
meerin .. Wc fteed your MIeas in piannin& lhe DiJibility Awlltness Wcck. 
Price Ce."". 2nd floor. 

COMMUTER NEWS 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20 

1:31o.a.·IO:000.m.- Thevery BEST CommuICfB ..... r ... in _n is .. 
Wanen CoUeaell Every Tuesday. for only lift)' <:tnts, in the WIIJ'etI 
PIoYost's Coafernee Room!1 Come for food and conversation! 

REUGIOUS FUNCTIONS 

TUESDAY THROUGH SATURDAY 

5: ..... m.-CA 11IOUC MASS. Sponsored by II>< Cotholic: SIUdcnt 
Oommunily II UCSD. Univel1i1y Lulhcrln Cbun:h. Comer or N. Ton-cy 
PIne. ond LI loll. ShorcJ Drive. 

TUESDA Y. FEBRUARY 20 

11,.,....1 :tIp .... - Bibi. SlUdy - Joi. Cbrislions i •• ,Ioriou. rime 
slUclyin,Ood·.wmI. WewiU bolnloltn 1~ . Alli.vi"". Pricec.-.Rm 
S. 

1l:-..·I:IIp.&-Weeltly Tonh study < .... whh _ 000, 
Slosoict, d_ .c .... Jewish Campus ConI ... II UCSD. AU .. 
..._ .. 1b1" .... 1us oboul .... _kly Biblo ponIon dudled by .... 
Jewioh ---"Y. 502 Mo .... .... 
',.,....1:t1p. .. - Ttred o(lhe ame old thinp? 'I1oen.joi. willi .. u 
... -. ploy. ond study. UnJled Campus Minisuy sponsors _y 
Bible SIUdY. Fridoy Nit. Soc:ill •• and Hob/III r ... lltll_ity. VIN <III 
loomoboul __ i ......... _klyBlbleRop .. Tueodoysfiom 
6 .. 7 p.m .• 1ft I.ronnol eIi_ ol .... Gospel 0( Mort<, Bide-~ 
MAAe. 

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21 

,: .... .......caIIIaI 011......,._ ... DI..,.,is ....... by dIC LudIInn 
oommuoil)'. E....,..... is...-. U.ivenil)' Lu_ 0tUIdt, ..... 

.... ---CoDoto-
7:te,.s..-"2 Corindlions 11- is .... Bible sIUdy 10pic loci by Compos 
..... lctIonHuber.'I1Ii.i._ooOU.UniveniI)'LulhauOMtn:ll."""" 
.......... hun _ ColIc ... 

7:JIp.sL-WEDNESDA Y NlGHTOISOJSSIONS. "IiowCan.CJoho. 
Ii<: Dot:ide WIllI ., IIcIiovcr - ond -!leo .... HelL ......,.. ond 
E_, Urc," vIoIdna "",_. FT ........ Ric:tIes, will. dIocos-
lions or _1OpicL Uni¥CRity Luthenn Oturdt. CaIhoIic ...... . 

.. ..lJp.ar-CANDIJ!LIGHT MASS. A quiet. modhldwlime far .... -
iDa widloohcrs. 5 .......... by .... CaIhoIic S,,_CommuniI)' II UCSD. 
U_I)' Lulhenn Cburclt. _ or N. T_y Pi ... ond LI JoIIo 
ShomDr. 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22 
7:JIp.sL-BIbie S1IIlIy. Episoopol t:oIIop __ Weekly Bible sIUdy 
.... -." .-. laro: FT. BUI M.oItedy. _I. St. _'. 
0turcIt, 2J25 Menon Ave. SD. 

1:.lJp.&-BIBLEsnIDV: loin wIdo membenor .... CathoIic:c.m.n.. 
nil)' ror _ .... sborinJ obout .... upoominl Son<Iay Seri_. 
Uoi¥CRity Lu""'" Ot_h. _ at N. T .... y PInes and LI JoIIo 
ShomDr. 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23 

1: ..... -.-sHABBAT SERVICE lad din ... with Otq. SIIIdenIS or-
pnizc worm and Intlmue Shobbot CCldnrionL MontIeville S .... , lOp 
1Ioor. FlOC. 

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25 
1:_ ond It:tILa-EpisoopoI Otun:h Wonhip _: S_y 
Eudlorist ond porisII rdlowshlp. Good Somori ... EpI_1 01_. 
021-.-MoII. 

1:--..cA11lOLIC MASS, Sponsored by .... Catholic: S ...... 
CommuniIY II UCSD. UniY<nlly "-"n Cbun:h.oomcrorN. Ton-cy 
Pines ond LI JoIIo Shone. Dr. 

1--'- UTI1IEIlAN WORSHIP. Unlvcnily Lu ....... Cburdt, 
_ .... _ fiom Revelle CoIIqc. 

II: J!ua,.-~ ror Ret:co>cUilllon in N"*-" will be .... 
... Ied by DonicI WoII. UnMniI)' Lulhcrln Cb .... (1OtOU .......... fiom _ CoIIqc). 

5:tIp.a.-CA11lOUC MASS. S.,....,..,.t by .... c-;c_ 
Cornmuall)''' UCSD. UniY<nlI)' ~ 0tUIdt, oomcr 0( N. Ton-cy 
PInes .... LI JoIIo ShorcJ Dr. 

~11lOLIC MASS. Sponscnd by .... Catholic: S ...... 
eon-ky .. UCSD. Uni--*Y ..... ". Cbun:h, ......... 0( N. Ton-cy 
PI_ .... LI JoIIo Shono Dr. 

II""'atio. by CarIIJ l. 

Tuesday, February 20, 1990 

Enviroment 
Continued from page 8 
will apparently be turned into aca-
demic facilities. Yet the report cites 

a~roposedadditionofll,900park­
ing spaces, bringing the total to 
25,230 spaces. 

According to the report, " in the 
long term. the majority of parking 
spaces will he in structures. begin-
ning with a garage on Gilman Drive 
in the heart of the development 
portion of the campus." 

The UCSD Guardian 

Center 
Continued from page 9 
by the Master Plan, is a "place with 
common academic or other cam-
pus functions ... made up of related 
buildings and open spaces within a 
defined area with clear bounda-
ries." 

Neighborhoods will surround 
the University Center, making it 
the center of campus or "hub of 
activity." 

FEATURES 13 

, We can't even begin to 
estimate how much [the Uni-
versity Center] will cost 
because we're still faced 
with the Price Center costs.' 

Monleci PoIosh, 
Uni1lersity Center Boord 

about the expansion because it is 
only in the background of people's 
minds. 

He also noted that the Univer-
sity Center is sti ll a proposal de-
signed to accomodate the increase 
in student popUlation. 

The EIR notes that the LRDP 
could have drastic effects on utili -
ties. especially water. Under the 
sec tion entitled "Unavoidable 
Significant Environmental Im-
pacts." the report cautions that 
regional growth may result in re-
gional water shortages. 

Part of UCSD's long-range plan is to eliminate all undeveloped 
land. 

Also, "Academic Corridors" 
will be established across neigh-
borhood boundaries to bring re-
lated academic departments and 
disciplines into proximity and 
provide a basis for locating key 
academic facilities. 

The Master Plan also identifies 
and treats the shoreline, canyons, 
mesas, and eucalyptus groves as a 
"great park." or t he Park. 

"We can't even begin to esti-
mate how much [the University 
Center] will cost because we're 
still faced with the Price Center 
costs," Potash said. 

Jason Carbone. chair of the 
University Center Board, said that 
in general, most students don't 
know much about the Master Plan, 
and that "it isn'tan issue of whether 
you are for it or against it because 
it is a truly needed facility if the 
student population increases." 

Also, development will require 
expansion of the water and waste-
water removal systems. 

Furthermore. the report cites 
that the increased campus popula-
tion would produce a much greater 
volume of waste water and solid 
wastes which would "contribute 
cumulatively to impacts on re-
gional waste-water treatment ca-
pacity ... [and] regional landfills. " 

According to the LRDP, the 
University has proposed to coop-
erate with City and County of San 
Diego Water Authorities to seek 
methods to reduce waterconsump-
tion on campus. The University 
will also promote more recycling 
programs throughout campus. 

One point of the plan is to elimi-

nate all undeveloped land. Accord-
ing to University statistics. there 
are 337 existing acres of undevel-
oped land 

By 2005, the plan proposes that 
there be no undeveloped land. 
However. most of that land will be 
devoted to whatthe University calls . 
" the Park." 

The Park is a stretch of natural 
reserve land ranging from Scripps 
Institute of Oceanography in the 
southern most pan of campus, up 
to and including the I 97-acre natu-
ral reserve to the north, beyond 
Central Library. 

The proposal dedicates 368 
acres to the Park. However. there 
currently exists a combined total 
of 534 acres of undeveloped and 

THE LITERATURE DEPARTMENT PRESENTS 

Recent Poems and Performance Works 

by 

Regents Lecturer 

Jackson Mac Low 

I 

TONIGHT 8 p.m. 
Center for Music Experiment Reception to follow 

reserve space. Some of the unde-
veloped land will be used for rec-
reational, academic, and housing 
purposes. 

Because the plan would reduce 
overall open space. the EIR cites 
the fact that the habitat for small 
animals and some plants would be 
reduced as well. 

The report also says that devel-
opment could disturb sensitive 
plants and birds considered rare or 
endangered. 

However, the report says that 
most of the plant and bird species 
in question, such as the coast white 
lilac. the short-leaved dudleya, or 
the red shouldered hawk, are all 
protected within the Park area. 

However. even though the can-
yon behind Central Library is pan 
of the Park, and new developments 
in this particular portion of the 
Park are strongly discouraged, the 
Master Plan proposes building a 
"small amphitheaterorGreek thea-
ter" to accommodate commence-
ments or other academic ceremo-
nies in this area. 

Also, the Master Plan intends to 
connect the different part~ of the 
campus so that it will "function as 
a single place" with roads and paths, 
public entries, landmarks, view 
corridors. and landscape features. 

Potash explained that it is too 
early for anyone to be "gung ho" 

Carbone said that ifthe popula-
tion does increase, the University 
Center will have to be built be-
cause, without it, the lines for eve-
rything would quadruple. 

According to Potash, if the 
University Center is built, someof 
the funding would have to come 
from increases in student fees. 
However, he said there would be 
pressure on the administration to 
1001;. to outside sources like pon-
sors and donations for funding. 

... Joll. VIII ••• S.uare 
!~~) De,,"" Group 011 .... You: 
-:.. • COSMETIC BONDING • VISA OR MASTERCARD 

• EVENING APPTS. • INSTANT INSURANCE 
• STEREO HEADPHONES EVALUATION 
• NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
• 24-HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• ORAL SURGERY FOR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRACTION 

--------------------------
IffIIIODCIC'RMr 0IfID 

DAM & X-RAYS $19 .... ~ 
ONLY 

Indudoo: X·Rays, Oral Cone .. Exam and PriYote Consuhalion. e.p;_ 3/31/90. 
Off.wd 10: s.udenIs, FacuIIy and SIaIf 01 UCSD 

--------------------------DAVID S. IIMOM D.D.I. 
Member: ADA, COA, SOCDS, Delta Dental 

8961 Villa La JoIa Dr" SuiItt SO 1 
(behind Kinkels) 455-9151 

ROBERT'S 
• ~ SAAB 

German • Swedish • Japanese Service 
All WO'* hUy GIUJI'G1Iteed • Faetory-Troined Special;'t. 

., 

D ackson Mac Low. who has been described by composer John Cage and others as being the nationls foreroost experimental poet and poetry performer is a writer of poems. performance pieces. essays. plays. etc; 
composer; visual artist; and multimedia performance artist. His work 
has been published, read publicly. exhibited. performed, and broadcast 

KIndall 
.. -
.... aa4'.CI. wd 
.....".,... , 
........ '.R. ,. 

Jlon.-Fri. 7 am-5:80 pm • SaturdGy. 8 ~5 pm 
I II f (619)275-1182 
. . "'~ I 4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego _ 

in Western Europe, North and South America, Japan. Australia, and 
New Zealand. -------------------------10% OFF on all repairs- with this coupon 

-/hJccpt motor GIld tnuumiuiola owrluaul. Nol ualid 1IIit11 a"y otJwr coupon... 

I 



14 SPORTS 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulations: 
• Sendlhe enlry on an 8 112" by 11" 

sheet of paper along with your name. 
year in school. hometown. college you 
attend at UCSD. major. address. and 
phone number to Sports Editor. UCSD 
Guardian . 8'()16.LAlolla.CA 92093. 

YOII con also drop it off in the sports 
editor's box ac the Guardian office, lo-
cated on che second floor of the Old 
Scudene Center, across from che gym. 

• All UCSD students, staff, andfac-
ulty are eligible co ('neer, except for 
Guardian staff members and employ-
ees of B1's Chicago Piuerill. 

• The person who comes up with che 
most correcc entries. as determined by 
the judges, will be declared the grand 
prize winner and will be recognized 
when the quiz is printed che f allowing 
week. In the event of a tie. a drawing 
will be held 10 determine the grand 
prize winner. Those correct entries not 
selected as the grand prize winner will 
be considered runners-up. 

• Only one entry per person. per 
week. Entries must be at the Guardian 
by 5 p.m. on Saturday. 

• The grand prize winner will re-

The UCSD Guardian 

ceive two $5 gift certificatesfromB1's. 
Rlmners-up can oblain a free pitcher 
of either Michelob Draft or soda when 
dining ac 81's CllicllllO Piuerill, lo-
cated in La 10110 Village Square. 

This week's questions: 
1. What is the nickname of 

Cleveland's MISL learn? 
2. Whal casino in Las Vegas held 

last year's fight between Robeno 
Duran and Sugar Ray Leonard? 

3. What was Muhammad Ali's 
previous name? 

4. Who said the immortal words: 
"Supennan don't need no.seat belt" to 
an airline attendant in 1980? 

S. Who won the Shearson Lehman 
Hutton Open Golf Tournament this 
past weekend at Torrey Pines Golf 

Course? 
6. Fonner tennis great Bjorn Borg 

was from A) Romania B) Panama C) 
Noriega D) Sweden 

7. The name of one of the San 
Francisco Bay Area racetracks is A) 
Golden Gale Park B) Golden Gate 
Parks C) Golden Gate Field D) Golden 
Gate Fields 

8. The "Thrilla in Manila" fea-
tured a boxing match between A) 
Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier B) 
Sugar Ray Leonard and Thomas 
Hearns C) Milte Tyson and James 
Douglas D) Sonny Liston and Sonny 
Bono 

9. True or false: A.J. Foyt won the 
Indy SOO eighl times. 

II. Which players previously held 
the two men 's buketbaJl records that 
Tim Rapp broke on Saturday night 
against Cal S tale San Bernardino? 

,not JUSt a 
agR4t 

Tuesday, February 20, 1990 

Last week's answers: 
1. Darryl Dawkins 
2. Dominique Wilkins 
3. False: Xavier McDaniel 

attended college 
4. Reggie Miller, 

Indiana Pacers 
S. Michigan State and 

Indiana Stale 
6. B) Basketball 
7. 1977 
8. University of San Francisco 
9. "Buster" 
10, Sharon Leibowitz 
Last week's winner: 

Aaron Danzer 
Sophomore. Muir 
Molecular Biology 
San Jose,CA 

Runners.up: 18 people 
(List will be POSled al BJ's) 

Only for student American Express~ Cardmembers. 
Apply for the American Express- Card. • 10% OFF ANY NORTHWEST FLIGHT -wich speed the process.) 
Then get ready to take off. In search of your own personalized discount card, valid Keep in mind that our Automatic 
adventure, action-or just simply to escape. throughJanuary 1991 on all Nonhwest and Acceptance Program makes it easier for 

American Express and Northwest Northwest Airlink flights. (This discount you to become a Cardrnember now, as a 
Airlines have arranged chese extraordinary is not applicable to che $118 student student, than it will ever be again. 
travel privileges on Nonhwest-exclusively certificates and ocher certificates, And remember that as a Cardmem-
for srudent Cardmembers: promotional or special starus airfares.) ber you'll enjoy all che exceptional benefits 
• CERTIFICATES VALID FOR THE PURCHASE • 2,500 BONUS MILES TOWARDS FREE TRAVEL- and personal service you \\QuId expect from 
OF 1WO $118 ROUNDTRIP TICKETS-to many when you enroll in Nonhwests WorldPerks- Ameriam Express. 
of the more than 180 cities in the 48 contig- Free Travel Program. So don't miss out on a world of great 
uous United States served by Nonhwest. experiences. Pick up the phone. Apply for 
Each certificate is good for a six-month AND NOW BECOMING A CARDMEMBER me Card. And stan packing! 

IS AS EASY AS A TELEPHONE CALL. period, andJ:hey will arrive within six 4 
.weeks after you receive che Card. Current Just pick up the phone, call 1-800-9 2· 
Cardme mbers will au.tomatically rec eive AMEX, and talk to us. We'll take your 
cheir $118 cenificates by March 15, 1990 application and begin to process it 
provided chey are still full time students~ immediately. (If you have your banking 

information handy, like your account 
number and bank address, it will help Membmhip IW Its Priw.-

APPLY TODAY 

1-800-942-AMEX @ 
NORTHWEST 

A1RUNES 
·If you an: already a student ~rican Express Cardmcm~r and ha~ . qucsllOn .bout this pro~ram , please send your written qucstion , a copy 0( your srudent lD.nd class 5C~uk 10: American Express, P.o. Box 3~29, 
Attn: Srudent Muk.eting. G~nsboro. NC 27425. Fare is for roundtrip tra~1 on Nonh...:st Airhnes. Ticktt.s must ~ purchased within 24 hours .(I<r making reservations. Fares are nonrefundabk .nd no itinenry chanles 
may ~ made after purchase. ~t.s at this fare are limited .nd may not ~ available when you call. Tra~1 must originm by c~nifiCile ~lpiraLion dol< and ~ complelrd with in 60 days 0( that dale . Tn~1 may not ~ available 

~lWCCn cities 10 which Nonhwest docs not have published rou ti ngs. City fuel surcharges Il()( included in fa n: from Boston (S2 . ~). ChicllO (S5.00), Denver (S2.00) and Florida cities ($2.00). Certain blackout datrs and 
other restrictions may apply. For complel< offer details, caU 1·8()().94 2 AM EX. C 1990 ~rican Express Tn~1 Rdated Semees Company, Inc. 

TH E AM E RI CAN EXPRE SS · CARD . FOR ST UDENTS MORE THAN EVER . 

Tuesday, February 20, 1990 

IDtercoDe .... te 
Update 

Goir 
Triton Devon ThOrrtaS shot a 68 

to finish atop the individual stand-
ings at the San Diego Golf Acad-
emy Tournament on Friday. 

Thomas' heroics, however, 
were not enough to carry the entire 
team, as the Tritons only managed 
a seventh place finish out of 20 
teams. The tournament took place 
at Whispering Palms Golf Club. 

Me a Junior College won the 
tournament with a five-man score 
of 361 . followed by the San Diego 
Golf Academy with 364. and Palo-
mar Junior College with 366. 
UCSD shot a 375. 

Bob Knee shot UCSD's second 
best score with a 71 . followed by 
Campbell Waldrop with a 75 and 
Bobby Meyerson at 78. 

The Tritons wi 1 be the host on 
March 2-3 when the .)outhem Cali-
fornia Intercollegiate Tournament 
takes place on Torrey Pines South. 

According to UCSD Head 
Coach Mike Wydra, this will be 
the West's biggest tournament of 
the year. 

IHen's Volleyball 
Long Beach State took care of 

the Tritons for the second time this 
season. downing them in straight 
sets 15-3. l5-8. 15-6inLongBeach 
on Friday nighl. 

The Trilons fell to 0-10 on the 
year and will play UC Irvine for 
the second time this season a week 
from Wednesday in the Main Gym. 

r Xtramural 
Records 

Lacrosse (M) 
Lacrosse (W) 
Rugby 

lILI 
S 0 0 
020 
170 , 

./ 

.Copler. 
.Laser-Printer. 
cartridge Recharging 

$20.95 -
TONERS: SS~t1C 

(Block/Color T~n .n Bulk) 
-Video ea-u .. : 519 • $99 
( lIow 10 Recharae. Seal, Etc.) 

COPIERS 
·Canonpc. SharpZ50,IiO. XelOxlOI2 .... . 
lASER PRINTERS 
·IIP. Apple. Canon. Ricoh, IBM. EIc. 

TURK T onll Productl 
(619) 744-5664 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLEI 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

( \ I I I " I 1I{" I 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North #315 

Xtramural 
Xtras ... 

Brian MorrlslGuardian 
Adam "Troll" Letkolf 

Rubgy 
The Tritons dropped four 

straight games in this weekend's 
OMBAC Tourney at Robb 
Field. 

UCSD was blanked in all its 
matches, falling to Emory 
Riddle 8-0, CSU FulJenon 8-0. 
CSU Long Beach 24-0, and 
Claremont 6-0. 

The Tritons' season record 
dropped to 1-7. 

The UCSD Guardian 

w. TENNIS 
Continued from page 20 
ponents. 

Carney. who had just recently 
been promoted to the number four 
spot, outlasted her opponent 4-6, 
6-3.6-1. 

Only Kristen Diels came up 
shon for the Tritons, losing in three 
sets at number six. 

Although the match was cut 
shon because of rain, UCSD Head 
Coach Liz LaPlante said that the 
foul weather did not prove to be a 
factor during the match. 

After playing ' in gusty winds 
and frigid temperatures Wednes-
day against Point Lorna Nazarene, 
LaPlante said the Tritons were 
ready for the less-than-ideal play-
ing conditions on SalUrday. 

LaPlante explained that the 
women had prepared especially 
hard for the Pomona match be-
cause the Sagehens defeated UCSD 
in both of their meetings last year, 
but were knocked out of the Na-
tional Tournament before the Tri-
tons could get another shot at them. 

"I knew it would be close. [and] 
that it would come down to the 
mental game, to LaPlante said. She 
was confident, though, since Po-
mona had not played as many 
matches as UCSD this season. 

Having disposed of their only 
supposed Division ill competition, 
the Tritons next face two weaker 
teams in Cal State San Bernardino 
and Whittier College. 

UCSD Xtramural Club Sports ... 
lYbi1 ~ lID ~ 
Cydlna Criterium at VCI Sal.!Sun. TBA 
Lacrosse (M) al San Diego State Wednesday 7:00 p.m. 

V. OF ARIZONA Saturday 1:00 p.m. 
Ruaby ARIZONA STATE Tbursday TBA 

U. OF ARIZONA Saturday 1:08 p.m. 
Saillna at PCIYRA Douglas Cup Sal.!Sun. TBA 
Ski Racing Reg. Champ. at Iune Mm. Fri.-Sun. TBA 

HOMEEV~~BOLDC~ 

An MBA degtre 
that giyes Y04 a degree 

of expenence. 
The Northeastern Co-op MBA program enables you to eam 

your degree injust 21 months anrl still earn money for your 
education- paid professional work experience is an integral 
part of the curriculum. 

Northeastern Univcn;ily, one of the country's leaden; in 
cooperative education. ha<; offered this outstanding ('duca-
tional option to MBA candidates for over 20 years. 

The Co-op MHA program begins in Juooand January. 
Application deadlines a.re Aprillfi and November I, respt'<'-
tively. For details, return the coupon below. 

~-----~-----~---~-----~--, \ i. .... . n l likt, lO rllul lllli IllOI'(' a ho u t a \.,; m1h(,"' ~h'rll (4) up MBA Ilt·)(n-..·, ~'n,t In: 
(ira liUUI(' S('huo l or I\u .... jm·s ... A4hllll1l'.tmlioll , :!O;} IhlYfh'n n .. lI , Nurtlwash ·m 

rl\h' '' · I'II ~r. 'JI;C ) 1It1l\till~tfl n Avt' . I\U"'III II , MA It! 11 ;, 
" ,I Ilk' 

SI,III ' 

\"nh,'a"I " m I 1\1\,'''''' \ .... IIl''IjIM!, .. tjll,nUIUI ' oI l ru-' tI;III\" ,II '~III "ml '" '\''' Tho· , •• n" joIt, ... Hu ... t lt ..... 
\ dmtUl,lr,ll thn ''' .1.1 .... "!t" "II,, II .. , \ n M' f lt , II! \ ""-! 'lIIhh .. r t ... h,jo(l.Ih" .... h ••• j.. loC IlIN ... ..... 

o Northeastern University 
(' () - () P :\1 B .\ 

SPORTS IS 

THUNDERBIRD 
AMERICAN GJ\o\DlIATE SCHOOL 

OF INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMFNf 
Glendale. Ariwna 85J06 USA 

A representative will be on campus 
WEDNESDA Y. FEBRUARY 28, 1990 

to discuss 
GRADUATE STUDY 

Interviews may be scheduled at 
CAREER SERVICES CENTER 

FOR GOD'S SAKE ••• 

;~~ SACRIFICE! 
lb flO foIffI .,.., ",..ch. •• 
And preIICh we do; through word. 
teIevtIIon. radio, The Paull8t Press 
and the performing arts ... in the cit-
ies, on the campuses, at downtown 
centers. 

1b flO foIffI .,.., ...... ,...ceo •• 
Seek out the lost. the alienated, 
thoee cut off from the Church. Offer 
them a lime 01 Grace. a community, 
a aenee 01 peecefuInesa amidst the 
turmoil. 

lb flO foIffIlIItfI ...,.. ........ 
Reach out 10 other Christian tredi-
tiona, find the touc~ of faith 
and work toward a common vision 
of One Church; to foster our unique 
spiritual kinship with th"8 Jewish 
peopte and a great ... understanding 
and sensitivity of other world 
religions. 

If you think IhIa sacrifice is wotth it, \hen cal! The PauIIIa .. 
1 _ .. , .... Or wrte Fr. JaIIn F. Duffy. C.S .P.. Paulilt FIIhefI 
\\:IcIIon 0fIIce 415 W. 58Ch St. New~. NY 10019 

University of Wisconsin 
Platteville 

- -- -- - ----

See Castles in tbe Air 
A~d learn your way around the world 
Hif you have builtcutles in the air, now put the 
foundatio .. underthem.." "-Y1laftI~ 

Study In London for M32S per eemeeter. Includes air fare, 
resident tuition, field tripe, 110_ ... y with -.Is. 

Study in ~viD!, SJ-ln. lor $362S per .. mester. Includes resident 
tuition, Reid tripe, home by witll·awaIs. No foreign language 
proficiency required. 

Summer program aIIIo available in London. 

For further lnfonnation, write or call: 
IIwtltate few Study Abro.d Propaaw 
308 W_er Hall 
Unlwnlly ofWiKoD.tD-Platte-rille 
1 Univenily Plaza 
Platteville, Wt.conain 53818-3099 
608-342-1726 

• 

r 



16 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Classined advertising is sold in IS-word 
increments. The rate per 15 words Is $1 
for students, $3 for faculty and starr, and 
$4 ror others. Payment in advance is 
required; therefore, ad must be mailed 
with a check (made payable to Th~ UCSD 
Guardian) or presented In person. Please 
have exact change. Deadlines are 3 p.m. 
Thursday for Monday's paper and 3 
p.m. Monday forThursday·spaper. The 
Guardian reserves the right to refuse any 
ad, erlising including but not limited 10 
companionship ads. For more 
information call 534-5416. The Guardian, 
UC 0,8-016, La Jolla, CA 92093. 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSO! 
Jew.sh Campus Centers provides warmth. 
education. prayer. socializins_ Connect wilh 
Union of Jewish StudenlS! 502 Munhews: 
east oft he PriceCemer_ Call Rabbi Sioinick. 
534-252 1. (1/4-3/12) 

WORD PROCESSING, lerm papers. 
experienced disseNlion. 7 day a week, 
4.0 English Skills, references_ 755-2683. 
(2/5-3/12) 

Third College Town Meeling. Wed . Feb_ 
26th al 7 p_m. in Ocean View Lounge. 
Faculty. staff. sludents and alumni are 
invited 10 discuss the merilS of the various 
name change proposals. Refreshments will 
be served_ (2/20-2/26) 

MarkelingMajors: get solid salesexpenence 
for your resume pnorlo grnduation orsecure 
management posilion by June 1990. 
Enhance your income between classes. Call 
for imerview. Mr. Dudrow 292-0522_ (2/ 
20-2/22) 

RISC: Ski Sun Valley o'er Spring break_ 
$349 includes 5 day lifl-pass . deluxe 
lodging,transponalion and more_ For more 
mfo. come to Club Meeling this Wed. 8:00 
p_m. Rec_ Conf room. (2n.0) 

World Famous Jazz/Blues anisl Jeanie 
Chealham. ThurSday 2/22. 9-11 p.m. 
COFFEEHOUSE in the Warren commons. 
(Sponsored by Warren Residence Life. 
Warren Dean's Office, Warren Siudent 
Acltvilies. 4C's. MEP and WCSC)_ (2120) 

Sah3ja Yoga mecling_ Leam lechniques of 
lrue meditalton_ Wednesday 7 p_m. Price 
Center Santa Barbara. FREE_ (2/20) 

Visa or Mastercardl 
Even if bankrupl or bad creditl We 
GUARANTEE you a card Of double 
your money back. Call 1-805-682-
7555, ext M·1052. 

RISC AmruoE ADJUSTMENT Pany 
CANCELLED! Sal, Feb_ 24_ Bu~ slay luned 
for more RISCY business!!(2/20-2/22) 

ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT -
FISHERIES_ Eam S6OO-t/week in cannery. 
58000 -S 12,000+ fOrlwo months on fishing 
vessel. Over 8.000 opening. No 
experienced neces ary. Male or female. 
For 68-page employmenl booklet. send 
6.95 to M&L Re earch, Box 84008, 

Seallle, WA9 124 - 30day.uncondilional. 
100% money back guarantee. (2/20-3/5) 

SER \' « 'ES 
Olga Bari Eleclrologi I, 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 325 I Hoi iday Court Studenl 
discounlS_(619)558-4644. (619)226-1962_ 
(1/4- 3/ 12) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal Copy_ 
Only S5_95_ While you wail_ Xeroxes and 
more_ ear St. Gennains_ 452-9949_ (101 
9-3/ 12) 

1l'Pt G/WORDPROCESSING.OneDay 
Service. Free Editing. $1_75 per page_ Call 
Ann 229-9119_ (1/22-3/ 12) 

ProfeSSIOnal Iheatrical and commercial 
headsholS in studio_ 72 shots for $60_ 
Guarnmeed! Also, portfOliOS. composites 
and on location sports and modeling 
photography_ UCSD slUdenlS call 587-
4874_ "Hot SholS" sludio on Gilman Dr. (II 
29-2/30) 
EXAMINE YOUR LIFE in brief 
psycholherapy_ Affordable. Belly 
Lightstone #LCS8727_ Call 232-1251. (2/ 
1-2(26) 
Wanted: 30 people to lose uplo25lbs_ in30 
days while eaming! Anne 2794265. (2/5-
2/26) 
Typing. word processing. Tenn papers. 
theses. resumes Good work. good rales, 
close to school. 453-0592_ (2/8-2/22) 
TYPI G!! ! I'lIlype your Iennpapers etc. 
quickly and inexpensively_ Laser primer. 
Call Jennifer: 558-6090_ (2/12-3/12) 
WORD PROCESSING - NEXTTO UCSD! 
Resumes, lenn papers, manuscripts, lellers, 
laser primed_ Call Marsha 535-8260. (2/12-
3/1 ) 
GUARANTEED WEIGHT LOSS. Tired 
of being overweighl! If so. try a proven 
weight loss program. J.II 278-5569_ (2/15-
2/20) 
WORD PROCESSING. TERM PAPERS. 
EXPERIENCED DISSERTATIONS, 
seven days a week. 4.0 English skills, 
references_ 755-2683_ (2/15-4/5) 

Computers 
LA JOLLA 

UCSD SPECIAL DISCOUNT 
INCLUDES: 
• 2 DRIVES 
. 640 MEMORY 

PRINTER 
• 1-YA. WARRTY 
• SOFTWARE 

----

-=--=-=-== 
---
- - ---
- -----
-------_ .-

COMPATIBLE 
Complete System 

Anything 
you need CALL 454-5544 

1110 Torrey Pines Road SUite A 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

Quant.tles L.m.ted 

m m 
Financing & LeuinU AVlllable 

Word Processing Services. Excellenl 
QualilY, reasonable rales. Call 566-9096-
Lisa_ (2{20-2{22) 

Polish your prose! Editing. proofreading. 
expen word processing_ Merilee 's Edi torial 
Services_ 277-9229 after 3 p.m. (2{20·3!l) 

\\ '. \:\TED 
Earn $75_00. Subjects wanted for a study 
on the effeclS of alcohol. If you are a UCSD 
student or non-academic siaff, American 
born male of enurely Japanese, Chinese. or 
Korean descent, call Scripps CI inic and 
Research Foundation for more infonnalion, 
554-2192. (1/4-3/12) 

Emhusiastic student callers wan led now_ 
S7/bOnus, on campus. flexible hours_ Call 
loday 587-1585. (2/12-2m) 

MALE MODELS - wanted for part- or full-
limeemploymenl. Noexperience necessary. 
NOI a scheme, no fees charged - ever! Top 
fees pa.d_ Fun, well-paid opponunities. 
flexible hours. For details without 
obligation, send sample photo(s) (amateur 
OK): Inter PhoIO. box 2893, La Jolla CA. 
92038_ (2/12-2/26) 

Wanted: Practice Bass Guila! Amp. Must 
be in good condilion. Call Sheila al 558-
3768. (2/15-2n.6) 

Wanted : part-lime cashier/deli helper. 
$5_001hr_ . Aexible hours. Call Jerry 455-
1414. (2/15-2/26) 
Adminislralive Assistant Perform all 
secretarial tasks (lighl typing, answering 
phones, market research) for High Energy 
Company_ Need dependable. enthusiastic, 
hard working individual. Lots of aClion_ 40 
hrs a week. 8-5M-F_ Aexible for one OrlWO 
classes. Scripps Ranch location. $7.00 per 
hour_ Ruth 586-1111. (2/15-2{20) 
Arlministralive Asst. wanled pan time. 
Eclucational organization lOOking for order 
p.JCessor and data processing. Maclnlosh 
b ckground required_ Call Julie at 755-
6070_ (2{20-2(22) 
WANTED: 75 people seriously interesled 
in losing weight. Get paid for it Call Lynn 
569-5298. (2/20-3/1) 
DRUMMER AVAILABLE: Grad student 
seeks experienced band or bass player. Jon 
552-8572. (2/20) 
About weight loss, lose I 0n.91bs monthly 
with appetile comrol product while earni ng! 
Mary 277-9236_ (2{20-2{22) 
Housekeeper wanted. part time. Am 
partially disabled. Cat necessary_ 283-051 0_ 
(2n0) 

Crulseshlps Now Hiring for 
spring, Christmas and next sum-
mer breaks. Many Positions. Call 
1·805-682· 7555, ext. S-1023. 

Lillick & McHose 
Law Finn 

NEEDS 
SUMMER 
SUBLETS! 
If you are interested in 

subletting your furnished 
apartment or have a room 

to rent from May to August, 
please call Tammy at 

544-3132 or 234-5000. 

Seized cars, trucks, 4-wheelers, TV's, 
slereos, lumilure, computers by DEA, 
FBI, IRS and U.S. customs. Available 
your area now. Call 1-805-682·7555, 
Ax!. C-1199. 

I 

AUlos 1970-1983 must be drivable_ Clear 
title we pay cash. Privale pany. (6 19)225-
0847. (2{20) 

FOR S \LE 
Futon. beautiful color. specia l frame . 
unused. S95, can deliver_ Also queen bed 
never used. 284-6222_ (1/25-2/26) 

Xcel welSuit. Men M-LExcelientcondition_ 
Great deal. S70_000.b.o. Call 558-7406_ (21 
8-2(20) 

Mactntosh 400K disk drive - asking $100 
or best offer. Call Palrick at 457-2072. (21 
12-2/22) 

Mattres es for sale_ Twin S5O.00 (o.b_o.), 
full SIOO.OO (o_b_o_) BOlh really 
comfortable. Call Kara aI259-7145. (2/12-
2(22) 

Peugeol SLX -Columbus tubing, Shimano 
105componenlS.54cm_ Likenew -SIOOO_ 
Call Juslin 558-6192. (2/15-2/20) 

' 81 Rabbitl.SI5000_b.o_ Very dependable ! 
Great condilion! Perfeci for studenlS_ Call 
Todd 457-5979. 12/15-2/20) 

Get ready for lhe summer! Porsche 914. 
red. SOW slereo. new tires. new Cl utch, 
S23000.b_o_: Yamaha vision. 55Occ.looks 
new, runs great, low mileage. SIOOO o.b.o. 
272-34 16 leave message_ (2/15-3/1) 

Car amp, Hella-beal, 150 wails of clean 
power. S751b_o_ Sean 452-0669_ (2/ 15-21 
22) 

Tennis raquclS. Head graphiledirector 5751 
b.o_ Finn graphite Genius w/vibralion 
dampening. SIOOIb_o. Sean 452-0669_ (2/ 
15-2(22) 
Portable CD Player_ Sony DCD-I60 for 
home or car_ 5100Ib_o. (S25O new) Sean 
452-0669_ (2/15-2/22) 
1978 Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme. 
Excellent condition, runs well_ 72,OOOmiles_ 
Call 587-2713. Leave message. (2/15-21 
20) 
1988 Mitsubishi Precis - xlnl. condo non-
smoker. 5 spd. AC,AM-FM cassene, 30-35 
MPG. $4200 o.b.o_, 487-2639 eves. (2/20-
2(26) 
1962 Volkswagen Bug. New paint, new 
inlerior, radio. rebuilt engine. runs greal. 
price: S1650 or best. Call David@492-
1055. (2/20) 
WtLLLlNG TO TRADE. HP 28SGraphics/ 
Program Calculalor, value price: S235 for 
2400 Baud Modem_ Call Jayne @ 492-
1055. (2{20) 
DESK FOR SALE aprox. 2' x 4' $75 or 
trade for coffee table. Pete 452-3219_ (21 
20) 
1986 Nissan 300ZX while. Ian inlerior. 
loaded. New tires, ballery, clutch, brnkes_ 
S8900.00_ 297-4625_ (2/20) 
Macintosh 800KextemaJ dri ve. S2000.b_o_ 
call Roben at 792-8823_ (2/20-2/22) 

Hot SI:\(; 
LaJoliahouse forren~ Spring quarter April 
I - June 30. 3 bedroom, I 3/4 balh _ 
Completely furnished, wId, mi,rowave. 
dishwasher_ 5 minule walk from UCSD, 15 
minules from Blacks beach_ Fenced yard_ 
S 1500/month. $1500 securilY deposit. Call 
Ann or David, 534-6 I 04(w), 546-76<l2(h). 
(2/12-3/1) 
Summersubletwanted_ UCLA Lawcouple. 
Bobbie - day (2 13)206- 1953. Joe -eves_ 
(2 13)39 1·2558. (2/15·3/12) 
Roommate wanted to share large two-
bedroom, one-bath apartment. Near UTe. 
Big Bear. Non-smoker. S3S7/month, 1/2 
utili<ies_ Available immedialely. Call Jeff. 
546-0650, evenings or leave messag • . (2/ 
15-2(20) 

RtpoIMUld VA & HUD ttomts 
available from government from $1 
without cred~ check. You repair. Also 
tax delinquent foreclosures CAll 1-
805-682-7555, ext. H-1443 lor repo 
list your area. 

, 

Tuesday, February 20, 1990 

MAKE YOUR MOVE! Female wanted 10 
rent own room in 3 bedroom house. 
Beauliful Tierrasanta localion.lenniscoom 
and pool! S325/mo+ 1/3 utilities. Available 
now: 560-5602_ Sandra or Wendy_ (2n.0-2/ 
26) 

Roommate wanled: mule/female. non-
smoking to have own furnished room in a 
large 4 bedroom, Iwo-slOry townhouse 15 
minutes from UCSD_ In-house washer/ 
dryer. cable TV. pool and jacuzzi. Very 
clean wilh all amenities_ A must sec!! 53101 
mo. no utiliJies. Call Sieve aI271-6811. (2/ 
20-2/26) 

Large bedroom for 2 males, share kitchen. 
balh. $295.00 ea_ Util incl. Qu iet. no 
smokers. 422-0439_ (2{20) 

Own room & bathroom, new house. 10 
minutes 10 UCSD. fire place. laundry. 
garage, S35O/mo. Leave message. 549-
0931. (2/20-2n.6) 

Roomavailable MirnMesaown room 5300 
+ 1/3 ulililies pefer clean & responsible 
female #578-6523. (2/20) 

PERSO\ .\LS 
Allenuon:Triton Yearbook Starfi looking 
forenthusiastic people for our photogrnphy 
and darkroom staffs_ If inleresled, come 10 
meetings on Wednesdays 6:00 p_m_ or call 
534-7491 and leave a message_(2/1-2{26) 

CA BO SAN LUCAS SPRING BREAK -
April 10-14, $346.00 double occupancy, 
includes holel, air, CIC_ PROFESSIONAL 
TRAVEL 481-1264_ (2/1-2/26) 

Revelle Semi-fonnai is COll)inll Feb. 24th. 
TickelSal box oflice,S21.5O_ After Feb. II 
$23_00. (2/1-2n.O) 

Orummerwanted: Energeticoriginais band 
playing a musical miMuJ'f~ of ska, funk, 
re~ae. rock? all swirled together seeks 
versati le and tireless drummer_ Call Jon 
Cohen 270-2915_ (2/15-2{20) 

Understated almosphere_ .. moving liv~ 
music. _ .delightful dessens and hOi drinks_ 
.. the original on-campus CoffeehOUse. 
Everyone is welcome! Thursday. 2{22, 9-
II pm in Ihe Warren Commons. (2/20) 

AOPi • can 'I wail for the exchange on 
Friday, it's going lobe greal! See you lhere-
the brothers of Sigma Alpha Mu_ (2n.0) 

Pi Phi - the superbowl wasn' t nearly as 
good as the exchange! We had a greallime! 
See you soon. The brolhers of Sigma Alpha 
Mu_ (2/20) 

UCSDGET READY! It 's new. it 's big. it's 
Sigma Alpha Mu's 1st Annual slam Pong 
tournament. Coming all day Sal. Feb 241h_ 
Evening feslivities to follow. Info 534-
7873. (2/20-2m) 

Tri Delta - Thanks for the grafilli. the 
exchange was a blasl! Hope 10 see you soon 
- the brothers of Sigma Alpha Mu_ (2/20) 

Toall the Greeks who visited us last Monday 
-you really sweelencdourmceting. Thanks 
a million! AOPi_ (2/20) 

CongralUlations AOPi new officers and 
thank you oUlgoing officers for your help 
this past year. (2n.0) 

RtSC AlTITUDE ADJUSTMENT party 
CANCELLED! Sal. Feb 24, But slay luned 
for more RISCY busine,s! (2/20-2n.2) 

RISC: Ski Sun Valley over Spring break. 
$349 includes 5 day lift-pass. deluxe 
lodging, transponation and more_ For more 
info. come to Club Meeting this Wed., 8:00 
p.m .. Rec conf. room. (2n.0) 

GUARDIAN 
INTERNS: 

dontt forget 
about our 
LAST 

upcoming meeting 
THURSDAY at 7 

p.m. 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 17 

M. HOOP Men's Hoop Friday PHILLER VCSD 99, CSVSB 74 
Continued from page 20 

CAL STATE SAN BEaNARDINO Continued from page 20 
pulled away from CSUSB en route _ 'GoA fT-A R A ..,. T getters_ In fact, people care far more S_ I I 2-8 0-2 2 0 0 i 
to their twenty-five point victory_ Rowe 21 6-11 H 3 3 3 19 about the slam-dunk contest which 

Juniors Gordon McNeill and Wd>I> 30 1-10 1-2 i 2 3 • precedes the NBA All-Star game Adams 6 0-1 1-2 2 3 I I 
Tom Shawcroft provided addi- Ileal .. 17 1-7 8-11 8 I 3 II than almost anything else that hap-Up 17 3-9 1-3 i 0 3 7 
tional scoring punc h in the win_ Hickey 20 2-4 3-3 6 I I 1 pens in February_ Just ask them_ 
McNeill netted 16 points and s .. wvt 2 1-3 1-2 2 I 0 3 Thank God for the baseball lock -FaJvey li 1-8 1-2 6 • 3 1 
grabbed seven rebounds, while Mel ... 32 3-8 1-2 7 0 3 7 out_ Without this threat, the paper WiMick • 0-1 2-2 0 0 2 2 Shawcrofi contributed 13 points . Gee .... s 2-2 I-I 2 0 3 5 might have been filled with over-

TOTALS 200 22-72 25-39 53 15 li 7. 
This output, combined with whelming amounts of in-depth 

Rapp's 42 points, allowed the trio UCSD features on the Sockers ' defense or MI. fi'G·A fT.A R A Pf' T 
to score 71 of the 99 points posted Jacloon 19 2-3 0-0 2 4 3 • why Danny Manning is complain-

Jame. I 0-0 0-0 0 0 0 0 
by the Tritons. Rapp 36 12-26 17-19 II 2 3 42 ing about an ingrown toenail. 

With a 20-5 mark, 20th - ranked Shaw<:ro/l 31 6-9 0-0 3 i 2 13 Not to knock indoor soccer or Selleck 9 0-1 0-0 2 4 0 0 
UCSD is seemingly a lock to ob- s"""", 2 I-I 0-0 I I 0 2 professional basketball , but Lllldsay 10 0-3 0-0 0 0 • 0 tain a berth in the 40- team NCAA McNeill 21 7-16 2-3 7 5 • 16 nobody's getting too excited about Fenner 9 3-4 3-5 2 0 3 9 

either of these s ports yet because Division m National Champion- Moen 21 1-3 4-4 3 0 4 6 
ship Tourney. SWlodaJl 2 I-I 2-2 0 0 I • it 's right in the middle of their Ban 23 1-4 1-2 6 0 • 3 

Although Marshall feels that TOTALS 200 34-11 19-3j 43' 21 28 99 seasons. 
the Tritons are good enough to So what happens? We ' re left 
represent the West region in the CSUSI 31 C 74 with a Southern California media UCSD 

C " " tourney, stranger things have hap-
T ... fi'G 'II> - UCSD 39_S~; CSUSB li .. blitz on theShearson-Lehman E.F. 

peoed. TlI_,-", - UCSD 2 (Rapp. Shaw<:roll); Hutton Dean Winer Prudential-
Marshall noted that two years CSUSB j (s ..... Rowe. Webb. IIealp) Bache John Hancock Merrill _ - UCSD 7 (1_ 4); CSUSB i (Be.dp 

ago, CSUSB had a 2 1-4 mark and 2) Lynch Securities Professional Golf 
• - includes team ~bounds 

a top 20 ranking. Despite this lofty Tournament at Torrey Pines, com-
status, the Coyotes did not receive Friday, the Tritons travel to plete with the Goodyear Blimp. 

R ... Vqlrlr,'GlIIII'CfuIn 
Chris Belloli follows through in one of his weekend victories, and 
UCSD hopes to follow through on Wednesday and beat Air Force. 

an NCAA bid. 
Marshall does not want the 

same thing happen to his team. 

Golden Hall to face high-scoring And I'm still bored_ 
Division I U .S .lU. Tip-off is at Sports fans, March is only a 
7:30 p.m. week and a half away_ 

M. TENNIS 
Continued from page 20 
emy that afternoon. 

UCSD had lofty hopes of shoot-
ing down the Falcons, a Divis ion I 
team that beat the Tritons badly 
last year. 

Their hopes were put on hold as 
rain caused the cancellation of 
every match before any could be 
completed. 

However, UCSD led in a ma-
jority of the matches, including 
Monnar's number one singles 
contest. 

The match is scheduled to res-
ume Wednesday afternoon, 
weather permitting. 

The next action for the Tritons 
is the Pacific Coast Doubles Cham-
pionship, March 2-3,at the LaJoUa 
Beach and Tennis Club. 

After that, UCSD begins a nine-
match homestand, all against out-
of-state competition. The Tritons 
play five consecutive matches 
beginning on March 11 against Di-
vision m Emory University (GA). 

Airlines Now Hiring. Travel 
agents, FIi!tItattendanls, Mechan· 
ics, etc. EntJy level and up. Sala-
ries to $1 05K. Call-805-682-7555 
ext A-1056. 

Rounclrip 
...... 
... ..,. 
....... dIco 
H ....... 

DIego 
fl • 
f. 
f .. 
.... 

IUIIII '11. 
RlltictianI do IJIIPIyI 

....... .,." .. :c: 

..... "."., ..,ntA 
eo.dTrIUll 

UCSO PRICE CENTER 
(by 1M Post OfIIcc) 

WHAT: C\IrERSITY 
- -

~ ~ 

WHEN: FEBRUARY 20TH-23RD 
TIME: 9:00 a.m. -4:00 p.m, 

.. ~ 
- -

BOOKSTORE 
urSD 

HOW: Zenith Reps will be available to take your orders 
WHERE: PRICE CENTER PLAZA!!! 

SUPERSPORT 286 
MO. 20/40 

FREE MS DOS 3.3+ 
FREE Carrying Case 
FREE Internal Modem 
FREE Prodigy Software 

MINISPORT LAPTOP 
5.9 Ib Briefcase Size 

EDUCATIONAL PRICE 
Mo_ 1 $1395.00 
Mo. 2 $1895.00 

FREE- Carrying Case 
FREE- 2" Diskette 10 pack 
FREE- DOS 3.3+' 
FREE- Data Transfer SIW & Cable 

ZENITH WEEK ONL Y 
Mo. 1 $1235.00 
Mo. 2 $1730.00 

SUPERSPORT MO. 20 LAPTOP 
20MB Hard Drive 

Immediate Delivery 

EDUCATIONAL PRICE 
$1775.00 

FREE MS DOS 3.3+ 
FREE Carrying Case 
FREE Internal Modem 
FREE Prodigy Software 

ZENITH WEEK ONL Y 
$1545.00 

EDUCATIONAL PRICE 
Mo. 20 $2600.00 
Mo _ 40 $2899.00 

ZENITH WEEK ONL Y 
Mo. 20 $2370.00 
Mo. 40 $2680.00 

Immediate Delivery 

Immediate Delivery 

Z286 LP/12 DESKTOP 
FTM VGA Color Monitor 
40 MB Hard Drive EDUCATIONALPRICE 

FREE MS Windows 
FREE MS Mouse 
FREE MS DOS 3_3+ 
FREE Internal Modem 
FREE Prodigy Software 

$2650.00 

ZENITH WEEK ONL Y 
$2,370.00 

Immediate Delivery 

Z386 SX DESKTOP W/2MB RAM 
FTM VGA Color Monitor 
40 MB Hard Dfive 

FREE MS Mouse 
FREE MS DOS 3.3+ 
FREE Internal Modem 
FREE Prodigy Software 

EDUCATIONAL PRICE 
$2999.00 

ZENITH WEEK ONL Y 
$2,785.00 

Immediate Delivery 

All Zenith Computers and Accessories are available to sell at the Unlversily l300k tore_ The special priCing Is ~vailable only . 
during Zenith Week. For more Informallon please call Hory Malheny at Zel1lth Da.ta ~ys(ems 2 13-695-0721 01 call U.C.S_D. 
Uookstore. Zenith products are available 10 U.C.S .D. Students. Faculty. and Siall . t hoto ID must be shown_ Purcbaae orders 
are accepted (rom Department •. 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Baseball Splits Rain-Shortened 
Doubleheader With La Verne 

Jimenez Goes 7-9 on the day; Tritons now 2-3 
By BRIANITOW 
Senior Slaj[Writer 

Had it not been for the rain, 
Henry Jimenez might have had an 
entire season's worth of run pro-
duction in just one day. As it was, 
the Triton left fielder was still able 
to manage seven hits in nine at 
bats, including a home run, two 
RBIs, and four runs scored. 

But the Tritons - as a team -
could not match Jimenez's pro-
duction. They were only able to 
gain a poubleheader split with the 
unranked LaVerne Leopards, drop-
ping the first game 8-7, andcaptur-
ing the rain-shortened night cap 
11-3 in five innings. 

"1 had a great day," Jimenez 
said. "It was the best day of my life. 
But it was too bad the whole team 
couldn't have done as well. We 
should have swept them." 

o 

Triton catcher Anthony Sanchez 
opened the scoring in the first game 
with a homerun, the first ever hit at 
the new UCSDbasebail fielcl After 
Sanchez's round-tripper, the Tri-
tons opened up a 4-1 lead, but the 
Leopards climbed back to tie the 
game with three runs in the sixth 
inning. 

1.1. Fisher (0-2), who replaced 
staner Dann Eaton to stop the 
Leopards ' sixth inning rally, was 
tagged for four runs in the last 
three innings to pick up his second 
loss. 

Heading into the bottom of the 
ninth, the Tritons trailed by two 
runs. UCSD threatened, loading 
the bases with nobody out. Then, 
La Verne pitcher Matt Solters re-
grouped, striking out Eric Judson 
and Dave Nowlan. 

With two outs, Dave Ligennan 
worked Solters fr>f a walk to pull 

SPONSORED BY 

theTritonswithinonerunandmove 
the tying run to third base. Chris 
Murphy worlced the count to 3-2 
against the tiring Leopard starter 
before flying out to center. 

"We' were never able to get 
untracked against [Solters)," 
Jimenez said. "He was ajunkballer, 
and coming off two games against 
pitchers who threw nothing but 
gas, we had a hard time adjusting. 
We should have scored a lot more 
against him." 

The Tritons took out their first 
game frustrations on the Leopards 
in the second game. UCSD scored 
in every one of the five innings, 
jumping outto an 11-3 lead before 
the game was called. 

Rain started to fan in the third 
inning, and came down steadily 
for the rest of the game. By the start 
of the sixth inning, the conditions 
were almost unplayable. 

UCSD CAMPUS RECREATION & 

Tuesday, February 20, 1990 

GnallenetlGuardian 
One Up, one down - Dann Eaton and the Tritons fell to LaVeme, 
8-7, in the first game of Saturday's doubleheader for their third 
consecutive loss, but rebounded in the night cap, 11-3. 

Tn the bottom of the sixth, the 
Tritons tallied twice more before 
La Verne centerfielder Jeff Fraser 
dropped an easy Sanchez flybaU. 
The miscue, which was the second 
of the game, gave the umpires just 
cause to call the game. 

Qforona 
Ex"-" 

The score reverted back to the 
end of the fifth inning, as the game 
went into the record books as just 
an 11-3, not a 13-3, Triton victory. 

UCSD staning pitcher Rick 
Rupkey was credited with a com-
plete game victory to raise his 
record to 1-1. 

Baseball Saturday 
First Game 
La Veme8, UCSD7 

LV 000 104 111-8 16 1 
UCSD 001 040 101-7 11 2 

Sollen and Cordova. BalOn, Fisher (6), and 
Sanchez. WP-Solters (3-0). LP-Fisher 
(0-2). HR-Sanchez (UCSD, solo, 3rd), 
Jimenez (UCSD, solo, Sth). Davenpon 
(LV, solo, 9th). 

Second Game 
UCSD 11, La Verne 3 
(called after 5 innings - rain) 

LV 100 llx xxx-3 8 2 
UCSD 211 34x xxx-1112 3 

Janssen, Cherney (3), Root (5), and Cor· 
dova. Rupkey and Sanchez. WP-Rupkey 
(2-1). LP-Janssen (2-1). HR-Judson 
(UCSD, one on, 5th). 

Interested in haviRg a 
say about ","tts iD 
GIIIII'dltut Sports? 

Then Ipply for the Sports 
Editor J).2!ition, now ... to 
all applicants. 

Resum6. ~ letter. and 
cUps IIRl due inM SJer' s 
.~tbeG~byT ..... 
d4Yt~ 'thIS p.m . 

-
. 

FuU SII . ................ $17.115 reg. $25 
Ani ..... _ ................ $11.15 reg. $15 
FIbetgIw ............. $21.95 reg. 535 
IIIIn1CUll/Pdcure $14,95 reg. $18 
A ..... nil ........ $1U5 reg. $20 
SIll! WIItp .............. $24,95 reg. $30 

[!2.00 off any new repel!] 
First·time cients only • Expires 3IMIO 

1231 GIrnet, P8CIIc IIIIch 
27+12115 
(~ Farul & Everts) 

Wilt ... WIIcomI·IoIan.·S.. i a.m-7 p.m. 

Tuesday, February 20, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

UCSO's 64-63 Win Over Redlands Secures Winning Season 

Women's Hoop Halts Losing Streak 
By LES BRUVOLD 
Staj[W,.iler 

Give them time, they're still young. 
This weekend the UCSD women's basketball 

team looked like a squad worlcing through a rebuild-
ing year, splitting two contests by losing to Cal Bap-
tist 79-69 Friday night at UCSD, and edging Red-
lands 64-63 Saturday on the road. 

Expectations haven't been overly high for the 
women's team this year, especially considering that 
its two leading scorers are both sophomores. 

Nevertheless, including this weekend's action, 
UCSD's record stands at arespectable 13-10, ensur-
ing back-to-back winning seasons as just two games 
remain. 

"We haven't got a whole lot of playing experi-

R ..... U~ 
Alison Cartwright is one of seven first-year 
Tritons in this rebuilding year, after a school-
record 19-6 season in 1988-89. 

ence, but we' ve been able to stay close (in games) and 
be competitive all year," UCSD Head Coach Judy 
Malone said. 

Closewasn 'tquiteenoughonFriday as the Tritons' 
inexperience showed in a 79-69 loss at home to NAJA 
Cal Baptist. UCSD seemed disoriented on offense, 
committing 31 turnovers and shooting only 37.5% 
from the floor. 

Both teams played sloppily early on, as the first 
few minutes of play were characterized by poor shoot-
ing and incessant turnovers. But the Lady Lancers 
staned to can their shots, finishing with 53.6% shoot-
ing for the first stanza in building a 37-29 halftime ad-
vantage. 

The second half was punctuated by several scoring 
runs by the Tritons, but every time UCSD made a 
move, Cal Baptist responded and extended its lead. 
UCSD managed to cut the Lancers' advantage to 
seven with two minutes left, but the Tritons could get 
no closer as Cal Baptist held on to win 79-69. 

Cal Baptist'S Sonja Akkerman was impressive in 
scoring 17 points, grabbing 13 rebounds, and block-
ing eight shots for the Lady Lancers. 

Nancy Caparaz, Nadirah Scott, and Cari Young 
scored 13 points apiece for the Tritons. Caparaz, 
UCSD's all-time career assist leader, also dished out 
nine and picked off six steals. 

Saturday night at Redlands, UCSD seemed to be on 
its way to another defeat as it trailed the Lady Bulldogs 
(7-17) by 10 at halftime. 

UCSD fought back to tie the game with four min-
utes left, and the teams traded baskets until the final 
minule. 

With 30 seconds left, Kathleen Alvarez hit a three-
poinljumperto give the Tritons a one-point advantage 
at 64-63. The Bulldogs heaved up three unsuccessful 
shot attempts in the last 20 seconds as UCSD held on 
for the one-point victory to break a three-game losing 
streak. 

Season leading scorer Young nailed a game-high 
21 points, and Caparaz chipped in with eight. 

Malone was extremely happy with the victory, 
"we've been ina 10tofc1ose games, and it's important 
that we were able to pull this one out (in the last 
minute)," she said. 

The Tritons last home game will be Friday night 
against rival Cal State San Bernardino at 7:00 p.m. in 
the Main Gym. 

This'Week's IntercoUegiate Sports Attractions ... 
mat 
Bueball 
Basketball (M) 
BuketbaII (W) 

Fencing 
Softball 
Swimming 
TennIs(W) 

Track & Field 

ma 
at Southern Cal College Tournament 
at U.S. International 
CAL STATE SAN BERNARDINO 
. at Cal Lutheran 
Cal State Lang Beach &: UCLA at CSULB 
CAL POLY SAN LUIS OBISPO (DB) 
at PacifIC Collegiate Conf. Cbampionships 
CALSTATESANBERN~ 
atWbiuier 
.at Cal Slate Long Beacll Relays 

ROME EVENTS INJOLD 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DElIVERY CRISISI 

~,. 
.,e. K I 

WE'VE 6(1 
TIl CUREI 

-.... ....... 

430~ La Jolla Village Drive 
(next to CIIrIoa Murphy's) 

"~3-999.5 
OPCN DAILY 

Du. 
nw.-Sat. 
Saturday 
Friday 
Saturday· 
Sunday 
Saturday 
Thu.-Sat. 
Friday 
Saturday 
Sunday 

llIu 
TBA 
7:30 p.m. 
7:00 p.an. 
5:15 p.m, 
10:00 a.m. 
12:00 p.nL 
AllDay 
2:00 p.an. 
10:00 a.m. 
11:00 a.m. 
. 

kInkolJ' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

1155 Villa ~ JoII8 Dr, 

SPORTS 19 

Iwfy 
Ecdot. "- by MichooI 
BOWLING BOMBED· 1M Bowling 
You mighr call rhem the Aerosmith of rhe UCSD Intramural Bowling 
Circuit. Yes, Bowling Bombed has cleaned up their act this time around. 
For the first time, they're stopping to smell the roses in Clairemont Bowl. 

Why the change in lifesryle? Why the return to keeping the puriry of the 
game? 

"Cuz we 're broke ," explained Cheera Young. 
BowlinB &",bed went against league· ieading Peace, LoPe &- Pogo last 

Tue.sday and took three our offour games to dethrone Pogo from the lead 
in the Tuesday night league. Joanne Eccles' ISO· pin performance in game 
1 sparked the Bombed win. 

Goalie Eric Williamson explained part of the ream's stTategy:"We' re 
learning [0 use the 'reser' button in crucial situations this season, and no one 
has caught on yer. " 

It's no accident that the team is doing well . Team captain Andy del Rosal 
has been around bowling alleys much of his life, although, as he explains, 
many of those years were not spent bowling. 

"I remember when I was smaller, my fuher would rake my four brothers 
and me down to me neighborhood alley every Sunday," he said, "because 
Sunday was the day they sprayed the shoes. Those were happy times." 

Congratulations, &",/i"8 &mbed-this .. . club 's for you. 

Now featuring fresh 
fwewed cappuccino 
coffee; espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

HOURS: 11-10:30 Sun.-Thurs. 
11-11 Fri. 8t Sot. 
LA JOUA COLONY 
7770 Regents Ret .. Ste. 108 
(1n Yen'! ShoppIng Center) 

lo '011011. 

~ ~~ 
... \ JoHo 10:1 Joila 

\/.Ii!r (oIoft, 
MQ "':." 

" , ooOt 

UK 

. 

J-

--------------------------

: 2 for 1 ===: : 
II --value FREE. I Void Ilith Ol'Iy other offer. Topplngl not Included. 
I - Oro coupon per customer. ExpIres 2/25/90 I 

~-------------------~------~ 
FULL TIME STUDENTS 

WE HAVE EXCELLENT 
AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 
CALL 279·5955 

D' AGNESSA Insurance Agency 
7841 Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 

San Diego, CA 92111 

ALSO: MEDICAL and DENTAL COVERAGE 

6 Minute Prints! 
See Fujt's new AP5000 Color Copter 

(The only machine tn San Diego County) 
• Prints from color prints 
• Prints from B& W prints 
• Enlargements from slides 



20 SPORTS 

1.4iM_1 
Bored? Take Heart, 
Sports Fans ... 
February is Ending. 

February. 
Ah, the middle of winter. The 

bleak ky, the cold, the midterm , 
the mi ery. 

Ah, but ala , the television, the 
new paper, the sport page. 

Aha! The So ker , the Aztecs, 
the Aztec , the Socker . 

Ah, boredom. 
Football ha reached it conclu-

sion. It' till too early for base-

PHIL GRUEN 
ball. Basketball is in mid-season. 

But ahhh. The Sports Illustrated 
swimsuit issue is out. But. .. oh no! 
It' really not all that good. In fact, 
it 's pretty boring. 

And I'm up et. 
Do I need to be? 
Of cour e I do. It's February. 

Nothing ever happen in February 
- at least in the world of sports. 

Okay, okay - maybe thi year 
is a little different. But everyone 
knows that thi year's circum-
stances - which have attempted 
to improve the month - have been 
fixed. 

I mean, really. Everyone knows 
that Ty on threw the fight. We all 
know about the pre-fight payoff 
that some of the big media corpo-
rations gave Tyson. 

We know about that extra clause 
in that huge contract he signed 
with HBO that would have Buster 
Douglas ruthlessly pummeling him 
against the ropes in theeighth round 
and onto the canvas in the tenth. 
He had to have signed it. He must 
have signed it. 

He did sign it. 
Besides, how else would HBO 

have been able to,generate such a 
wide television audience for 
Friday 's second showing? It was a 
brilliant business decision on 
HBO's part, if you think about it. 

After all, when was the last time 
you remember a re-showing of an 
event generating more interest than 
the original broadcast? 

Now, to attempt to understand 
the massive interest in the re-broad-
cast, we could say it was because 
the fight was for the heavyweight 
title, the fight included Mike Ty-
son (whom many thought invin-
cible), and the fight was controver-
sial. We could. If we wanted to. 
But we don't want to. We'd much 
rather attribute the wide appeal for 
the re-broadcast to something far 
more tangible. 

Like February. 
The American public is starv-

ing for ports in February. The 
public feels cheated after the abrupt 
conclusion of professional foot-
ball at January's end. It's as if 
there wa a Super Bowl.. . and then 
there was nothing. And the public 
was right. There is nOthing. 

The Pro Bowl? The NBA AU-
Star game? Give me a break. These 
events hardly qualify as attention-

See PHILLER, page 17 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 20, 1990 

Sports 
Three Marks and CSU San Bernardino Fallin 99-74 ~.-.-. 

It's a Rapp: Men's Hoop Bre ___ . 
By JOHN ASUNCION 
Staff Writer 

It was a night of records at the 
Main Gym Friday night. 

UCSD' 99-74 victory over Cal 
State San Bernardino, the second 
this year, lifted the Tritons (20-5) 
to their first 20 win season ever. 

Junior guard Tim Rapp's 42 
points and 11 rebounds led the 
Triton and e tablished a new 
UCSD single-game scoring rec-
ord. The previou record was held 
by Greg Kamansky, who netted 40 
points against Chri t College in 
1987. 

Rapp credited his teammates 
for helping him set the new record. 
"[CSUSBJdoubleddownon(Rick) 
Batt throughout the game becau e 
of his 35 points against them ear-
lier this sea on," Rapp said. "This 
gave us more freedom to score 
against them." 

Rapp al 0 broke the exi ting 
record for individual points in a 
sea on, be ting Tom Wight's 566 
in 1981-82, by 30 for 596 with one 
game remaining. 

Friday's game was sloppy from 

tart to finish. The fi rst half was 
plagued by 23 fouls and 17 turn-
over between the two teams. De-
pite the sloppiness, the Tritons 

led 43-31 at the half. 
"We went into the game ex-

pecting a challenge," Head Coach 
Tom Marshall said. "We tarted 
the game with good intensity but 
[CSUSB'] loppy play carried 
over to our play throughout the 
game." 

CSUSB setthe tone of the game, 
uncharacteristically throwing up 
long-range bombs. Normally an 
inside scoring team, the Coyotes 
attempted numerous outside shots, 
and their 25% field goal percent-
age reflected their misdirected 
efforts. 

The Tritons did not fare much 
better, shooting just 39.5% them-
selves. Despite a twelve point lead 
at the half, UCSD converted only 
15 for 38 from the floor. 

UCSD's sporadic play contin-
ued in the second half, b ut the 
Coyotes could not reduce the defi-
cit to less than ten point . 

Late in the second half, UCSD 
See M. HOOP, page 17 

James LUI'~,'UU'" 
Point guard Darvin Jackson and the Tritons took it to the San 
Bernardino Coyotes and broke the school record for victories. 

Tritons Breeze Past Pomona-Pitzer, 5-1 .... --0-1 ... --~ RECORDS & IlANKINGS Women 's Tennis Avenges Two Losses From Last Season 
llL 1= 
1 3 , By ANDREW ROBBINS 

SlaffWriter 
Who's next? 
That may be the question top-

ranked UCSD (4-1) can confidently 
pose to the rest of Division ill 
women's tennis after easily dis-
posing of third-ranked Pomona-
Pitzer Saturday morning in a 
weather-shortened 5-1 victory. 

After storming through five of 
six singles matches in the morn-
ing, the T ritons had al ready 
clinched the victory when after-
noon rains interrupted the doubles 
round. 

TIle Sagehens could have closed 
out the meeting with a 5-4 loss, had 
they come back to win all three 
doubles matches, but an 8-1 final 
seemed more likely when UCSD 
took the first set of each doubles 
match before the rains came. 

First-year sensation Robyn 10-
aba kept her collegiate record 
unscathed, easily putting away the 
Sagehens' Francesca Tunning 6-
1, 6-1 for a number two singles 
victory. 

UCSD's top-seeded Christine 
Behrens also came away with a 
straight sets victory, downing 
Pomona-Pitzer's Shelly Keeler 6-

Susan Carney was recently promoted to tt'le number four spot on 
the team, and responded by winning her match 4-6, 6-3, 6-1. 

4, 6-3. 
Amanda Lynch was pushed a 

little harder, but won her match in 
two sets 7-5, 6-4. 

Senior Susan Carney and Pam 
Haas each had to go the full three 
sets before knocking off their re-
spective number four and five op-

See W. TENNIS, page 15 

B ....... 
BMketbaD (M) 
BasketbaD (W) 
Golf 
ScIftINdI 
Track " FIeld 
TenaIa(M) 
Tennis (\V) 
VoIIefblll (M) 

28 5 8 _b 
13 18' 
3 2 0 
o •• 
.. , 
2 3 0 5th 
4 1 • 1st 
o 100 ... 

Men's Tennis Upsets Bakersfield; 
Destroys San Bernardino, 8-1 

Rain Postpones Match VS. Air Force Academy 

By DAVID LINDSTROM 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men's tennis team's 
long holiday weekend was ex-
tended after a downpour yesterday 
caused its match against the Air 
Force Academy to be postponed 
until later this week. 

Up to that point, UCSD had 
been on a short winning streak 
after dropping its first three matches 
to Division I and II competitors. 

After dominating the Triton/ 
A VIA Spring Tennis Classic last 
weekend, the Tritons defeated CSU 
Bakersfield (ranked 14th in Divi-
sion II) 6-3 Thursday afternoon. 

Although this might be consid-
ered an upset, UCSD also downed 
the Roadrunners last season. 

Sig Huber, Chris Belloli , Steve 
Stukovsky, and Jeff Beathard all 
won their matche in ingles play. 

In doubles play, the number one 
team of Huber and Belloli and the 
numbe r two team of Francois 
Monnar and Tim Ditzler both came 
up with wins to seal the victory. 

The victory was not without a 
price, howeve r, as Huber, the 

• 

Tritons ' s number two singles 
player, injured his back and was 
unable to compete on Sunday. 

Sunday 's competition was a 
doubleheader against CSU San 
Bernardino and Air Force that 
proved easier work than us ing 
squeeges to dry off the Muir courts 
first thing in the morning. 

Craig Swanson filled in for 
Huber and won his match against 
CSUSB 6-4, 6- 1 to lead UCSD's 
8-1 stomping of the Coyotes. 

The Tritons took all the other 
singles matches as well , with 
Monnar, BelloH, Stukovsky, and 
Beathard all picking up another 
round of victories. 

Ditzler, who guaranteed last 
week that the Tritons would down 
the Coyotes for UCSD' first Divi-
sion ill win, also won his match 6-
0, 6-1. 

The only loss for UCSD came 
as a result of a default in a doubles 
match, averting a Triton shutout. 

Coming off of their second 
victory of the season yesterday 
morning, the Tritons turned their 
attention to the Air Force Acad-

See M. TENNIS, page 17 


