
INSIDE ... ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS 
UCSD Clips .......................... 2 
Opinion ................................. 4 
Features ............................... 9 
Arts & Entertainment .......... 12 
Sports ................................. 24 

The Return 
of 'The Kid' 
Prince's 'Graffiti Bridge'/12 

Soccer Out, 
. Volleyball In 

----

Playoff Action/24 

The UCSD 
University of California, 

San Diego 

MONDAY 
November 12, 1990 
Vol. 71, No. 21 

Benefit Run for Chadwell 
Continues Despite Death 
• Event raises money to help pay medical bills 
By Julie Chung 
Guardian Reporter 

Following Physical Education Profe sor 
Diana Chadwell' death Thursday, a fund-
raising five-kilometer run and two-mile walk 
continued as planned Saturday morning. 

The run began at the Gilman Drive en-
trance to UCSD and wound its way through 
campus. 

Chadwell died of pneumonia, the result of 
complications from her cancer treatment . 

She was diagno ed with metastatic cancer 
in her liver which required bone marrow 
harvesting and transplant in conjunction with 
intensive chemotherapy. 

The event was planned in order to rai e 
money for Chadwell's medical bills, which 
exceed $100,000. Becau e her treatment was 
experimental, her univer ity insurance policy 
doe not cover the expen e . 

and variou UCSD organization including 
the Physical Education Department, Phy ical 
Plant Service , and the UCSD Police. 

Kristin Kuerbi ,a physical education pro-
fe or, described Chadwell as "a super lady 
who was always cheerful." 

Faculty member Susan Porter al 0 ex-
pressed how he had enjoyed working with 
Chadwell. 

"I was new here and she was really helpful 
and friendly," Porter said. 

In addition, an unnamed tudent who took 
Chadwell 's weight training class portrayed 
her as a per onable in tructor who worked out 
with the student and never pres ured them. 

There were also student who did not 
know Chadwell personally but came to up-
port the event. 

"Ijustreadaboutitinthepaperandd cided 
to come out becau e it' a good cau~e," . aid 
Ellen Farrow, a Muir College freshman. 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Knocked Out - Triton defender Mike Gerhardt heads off Phil Wolf of 
Wheaton (11/.) College in Saturday's men's soccer quarterfinal match at UCSD. 
Wheaton won, 1-0, on a goal by David Anthony With an assist from Wolf. 

Ra e Director Howard Hunt said he hoped 
that 250 tudents, faculty, and friends would 
participate to raise between $3,000 and $4,000. 
Hunt organized the event with Deborah 
Anderson, Jeff Schlicht, and Andy Skief, all 
friends of Chadwell. 

The event was supported by donation 
from the Pepsi Cola Company, Sea World, 

When Chadwell wasdiagno edwith breast 
cancer three years ago, he began work to 
promote cancer re earch while till main-
taining herself physically. 

A memorial service for Chadwell will be 
held at 4 p.m. Friday at EI Camino Memorial 
Park. 

MEDICINE UNDER A MICROSCOPE 
• The UCSD Medical Center in Hillcrest has found itself at the 
heart of three different controversies in the last four months 
By Mary Betty Heard 
Associate News Editor 

The UCSD Medical Center in Hillcrest has been dealt 
a damaging blow to its reputation and its finances over the 
past few months, due to three unconnected problems 
highlighted in local news reports. 

BegilUling in August, reports appeared in newspapers 
about the medical center being put on six-month probation 
by a national accreditation agency, the possible closing of 
San Diego's most comprehensive prenatal care unit for 
poor women, and alleged improper charges to healthcare 
programs for pediatric cardiology care for Mexican chil-
dren. 

The most recent blow to the medical center came in l~te 
October, when it was revealed that various California 
healthcare programs may have been charged over $1 
million for care given by the UCSD Medical Center to 
patients who were ineligible for such benefits. 

Members of the hospital's Pediatric Cardiology Divi-
sion are under investigation for allegedly aiding Mexican 
families to falsify documents and the establish temporary 
addresses in the United States so the families appear to be 
eligible for Medi-Cal or California Children's Services 
(CCS) assistance. 

As a result, state health officials are demanding that 
UCSD pay back approximately $500,000, and have in-
isted upon an internal audit of the medical center, accord-

ing to a report in the San Diego Union. 
The Union obtained one example of falsified documen-

tation, a letter submitted to the county for authorization of 
taxpayer-financed health are covemge for a girl from 
Ensenada, Mexico. 

The original letter state that the girl was first examined 
in a clinic at Tijuana Children' Hospital. In the letter 
ubmitted for authorization, references to Mexico and 

Tijuana had been removed or replaced by references to 
UCSD.A1so,accordingtothe Union, the girl's family u edthe 
Scripps Ranch address of a friend on the CCS application. 

According to Steven Escoboza, assistant director of the 
San Diego Department of Health Services, the CCS staff, in 
reviewing documentation for eligibility, found cases that 
appeared questionable, which sparked an investigation into 
the matter earlier this year that later revealed more than 30 
possible cases of improper charges to CCS and Medi-Cal. 

Robin Phelps, a county official who runs the CCS, was 
unavailable for comment. 

In a statement released by the medical center, Director 
Michael Stringer said that he was very concerned about the 
allegations that his staffhas been assisting ineligible individu-
als to apply to Medi-Cal and CCS, and that the UC will not 
tolerate illegal orfrauduJent activity on the part of its employees. 

He also said that the center is doing everything pos ible to 
assist the State Department of Health Services in their inves-
tigation. 

But reports in both the Union and the Los Angeles Times 
say that the hospital attempted to delay the efforts of investi-
gators, and that the people under suspicion continued to cover 
their tracks. 

1be Union reported that an anonymous informant wit-
nessed three people loading files into a pickup truck during the 
weekend of March 24-25 ofthis year. 

The witness alleged that the people were Lilliam Valdez-
Cruz, a pediatric professor, Azucena Murillo, a Mexican 
physician who is a staff research associate in pediatrics at 
UCSD, and Mercedes Alvarado, a secretary in pediatric 
cardiology. 

Escoboza attribute much of the in-depth investigation to 
UI/ion Reporter Rex Dalton, aying that it was Dalton who 
first di covered that orne of the Mexican familie being 
as isted by the Pediatric Cardiology Division were actually 

Steve G.vlnolGuardian 
The troubled UCSD Medical Center in Hillcrest 

well-off. 
One case presently under inve tigation is that of Eduardo 

Jabalem, for whom Medi-Cal paid over $100,000 for heart 
surgery performed at the medical center. The child died at 
nine months. 

Jabalera was the on of Nivardo Jabalera and Inna Diaz 
de Leon, who own a ranch encompassing over 60 square 
miles and who export thou ands of cattle to Texas annually, 
according to Dalton's report. 

AL ... -ding to Stringer, the medical center has not yet 
See MEOlClNE,Page 6 



2 NEWS 

UCSD 
CIJPS 
$50.6 Million in Private Support 
Gifts Received by UCSD Last Year 

Reflecting the Univen.ity of California, San Diego's 
growing national and local reputation, a total of $50.6 
million in privale support gifts was received by Ihe 
campus during the past year, up 21 percent over the 1988-
89 fiscal year. 

According 10 Michael S. Bever, UCSD assistant vice 
chancelJor of development, ··undoubtedly the most sig-
nificanl factor in the increased gift-giving to UCSD has 
been the growing reputation of the campu itself. The past 
10 years have seen an accelerated appreciation ofUCSD 
by the San Diego community, due both to the outreach 
effort of Chancellor Richard C. Atkinson and the grow-
ing awareness of UCSD' s emerging national reputation." 

Bever said the gifts provide UCSD with a source of 
income which ha been used for campu improvements, 
research, and tudent and faculty programs. The private 
support includes gifts of cash, securities,personal and real 
property, and other types of non-monetary contributions. 

Forinstance, among the widely divergent gifts received 
last year wa $5 million from John and Sally Thornton to 
underwrite the new Thornton Hospital on the east UCSD 
campus, and an anonymous gift of $500,000 from an Ea t 
Coast-based found:ltion to endow a chair in the Depart-
ment of Biology. 

The University of CalifornIa as a whole received 
nearly $435 million in private support gifts dunng the 
1989-90 fiscal year, a 19 percent increase from 1988-89, 
according to a recent report. 
'Body Tjak' Dance Program Will 
Perform in Mandeville This Week 

Twelve Americans and a many Indonesian perform-
ers will take pan in a rhythm-based dance program using 
body movement, voice, body music (making sounds with 
the body), life-sized puppets, shadow work with mobile 
light, and percussion instruments in "BodyTjak" at 8 p.m. 
Friday in Mandeville Auditorium. 

Calvin and Hobbes 

The UCSD Guardian 

The event i the creation of Keith Telry, a tap and percus-
sion dancer, and Indonesian dancer/choreogmpher I . Wayan 
Dibia. The "Body Tjak (pronounced "chalk") Project" brings 
together the rhythmic sounds made while clapping hands, 
rubbing palms, popping fingers, stomping feet - virtually 
any movement that creates sound with the body - and Kecak 
(Indonesian Monkey Chant), which was originally a part of 
Bali's spiritual trance dance. Its high-energy interlocking 
vocal pallerns have inspired some of Bali 's most innovative 
contemporary Choreography. 

Terry has performed with Bobby McFerrin, who is also 
known for making body music as an exten ion of his vocal 
orchestrations. Terry has also performed with Robin Wil-
liams, Geoff Hoyle, and Charles "Honi" Coles, the famous tap 
dancer. Dibia is one of Bali 's foremost clloreographers and 
dancers. He is currently pursuing a doctoral degree at UCLA. 

The project has been selected a an Official Affiliated 
Project of the Fe tival ofIndone ia, and will take part in the 
1990-91 year-long celebration of Indonesian arts in major 
cities across the United States. 

General admission is $16, seniors $14, and students $12; 
tickets may be purcha ed atthe UCSD Box Office (534-4559) 
and from TicketMaster outlets. 
Career Services Center Hosts Law 
School Admissions Representatives 

Pre-Law Day will be held today in the Career Services 
Center plaza from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. 

Students wiU have an opportunity to meet with Law School 
Admissions officers and ask specific questions about the 
program offered by different schools. Among others, repre-
sentatives from Tufts University, UCBerkeley, and Yale Law 
School will be available. 
Soul Asylum to Appear at Triton Pub 

The band Soul Asylum will appear in the Triton Pub at 8 
p.m. Wednesday. 

The group's new album, Soul Asyhun and tile Horse Tiley 
Rode in On, was produced by Steve Jordan, who also pro-
duced Rolling Stones member Keith Richards' solo album. 

The group was formed in Minneapolis, Minnesota in 1983. 
The following year they recorded their first album, Say What 
you Will. Their second album, Made To Be Broken, was re-
leased in 1985 with a personnel change: Grant Young replaced 
drummer Pat Morley. 

The other members of Soul Asylum are: Karl Mueller, 
electric and upright bass; Daniel Murphy, guitars and vocals; 
and Dave Pimer, vocals, guitars and keyboards. 

Tickets are $14 for general admission, and may be pur-
chased at the UCSD Box Office (534-4559). 

by Bill Watterson 

_., 

'---____ ...J L!:-= .'.!..' ___ J ' L ___ ..::..:r..J .. ____ -" 

$\JOOEtl l i. 'N \11\ '" G\l.()J~() · 
~~\tlG RIlII,Q\E , I1t l!lPI(S 
~'i "\GI-\ .' 11£"5" l\1/£. 

1J00CMO I 

Monday, November 12, 1990 

KGB-FM Sponsors Food-A-Thon to 
Gather Donations for Food Center 

The Dawn Patrol, 101 KGB FM's morning crew, will 
broadcast for 30 consecutive hours while they raise food 
for the hungry for Thanksgiving. 

Listeners are invited to drop off non-perishable food 
items at the KGB studios during the Dawn Patrol 's 30-
Hour Food-a-thon starting at 6 a.m. Thursday, Nov. 15. 

Dave Richards, Shelly Dunn, and Cookie "Chain saw" 
Randolph will share their on-air vigil with national and 
local celebrities, who will appear and call-in around the 
clock until noon Friday, November 16. 

The Joan Kroc SI. Vincent de Paul Center, headed by 
Father Joe Carroll, will distribute all the collected food. 

Non-perishable food donations, preferably cans, may 
be donated at the KGB studios, 7150 Engineer Rd., in 
Kearny Mesa from 6 a.m., Nov. 15 until 5 p.m., Nov. 16. 
The Dawn Patrol 's 30-Hour Food-a-thon will be broadcast 
live on KGB. 101.5 on the FM radio dial. 

Holiday Ornaments Raise Funds 
For Easter Seals Foundation 

Easter Seal 'sHoliday Ornaments for 1 990 are available 
now. The money raised from the sale benefits both chil-
dren and adults to improve their quality of living. 

The ornaments are 24-karat gold plated over brass and 
have cut-outs with detailed etchings of the featured Point 
Lorna Lighthouse and the San Diego Harbor Skyline. 
Ornaments may be purchased for $14each or $25 for both. 

People interested in purchasing an ornament may con-
tact the Easter Seal Office at 541-0991 to place an order or 
for more information about the holiday ornaments. 
Volunteers Needed to Help Staff in 
Courthouse Waiting Rooms 

Volunteers are needed to care for children in the 
waiting rooms of the downtown and Vista County court-
houses. 

A time commitment of three and one-halfhours a week 
is needed to keep these children from being left unattended 
in the hallways. Interested volunteers should call 694-
3211 or 940-4660 (North County). 

GuKRIJIAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, Mansgfng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInion Editor 
LES BRUVOlO, Associate Sports Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Sports Editor 
JAMES COWER, DesIgn Editor 
GREG DIXON, AaocJate OpInIon Editor 
BILL DOWlER, Copy Editor 
MEUNDA HAMIlTON, AaocIate News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, A5IOCIate News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, Aaociate Am Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, AssocIate AI1S Editor 
PETER KO, AacxIUI Sports Editor 
JENNIFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, AIIIJOCt.te Copy Editor 
LENGLOH,~~nm.ntEdltor 
MEL MARCELO, AIIIJOCI8te Graphics Editor 
SANGEETA MEKT A, 4S8OCi1te FetItuI'es Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, 4aoc1ate Photo Editor 
JUUE PUZON, FNfUtN Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphlctl Editor 
JASON SNELl, Nfws Editor 
RlMAS UZGlRIS, Photo EdItor 
JEFFREY Y AMAGUCH, AaocUIte FetIturefI Editor 
JENNFER YANCEY, Atta£nterr.lnment Editor 
_1MoII_: __ .IIrt .. llias,&\r1It>w,_-"". __ 
IMoII WrIIn: John _. Zactwy _. PaJI Biohop, _Bias, _ -.n. Ken 

_.GIW1~.PUConIa. t..-.nyO_JanooOol'ow, __ OIWIfonis, 
I<tny Hal. Mrt KnoIoI. ear, l.idIcIm. sr.ny ~ ... __ , Mop> aKooIo. Ken 

_."T";P-'Oobbio_-'EricSdmdl.DooQ~."'SI>onnIro.GoogooyW_ 
Clilln W-..po. SI-.r,1W_Q" .. ~ 
"'''*'IIi •• '' GIog _ . DMl~. _ HIIUhi. Don~. Jonny v .... 
__ lIN ea.... c.io Low. loI;I _ 1I<:Connaughov, ~ Roo, ..... TN, Moo1; 
l'I*9M 
__ : TraaHllvy. Janoo r.u-
TJIII*: MoIu.tf"',AtlKr_So",aCo<rol.DMWyner Capy_: __ . ,HiWy-.~CI1tostnIn.GIogHo.Msluaot.MKrawilz, 
Cam llIo, _~. MIl PoioIIy. _~" ...... Sjmgoo, lIMa SIIf1go 
-.clan: Coma BVt1. ClIa,lO CllI •• AndnI. Cook. Kafooo Goueu.la .... I'rodIlo, Surt We ..... 
Da",Wyrer 
T,**'O_ Stf1_ 
BOB DeANDRI::A, Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AdV.rtlsJ,~Man.g.r 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising slgnt" 
E. LEIGH HENRY, C/a •• lfled .present.tlve 
~"-":KtM._, SherryF_got. Tom ScNrior. Doog_ 
~ _ La ..... Belongot, DMlroIcaM. Booita MaOuch. Paolo v_ 
CIr_: Kai S WWlg. Jot Lot 

Monday, November 12, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Fifth College Plans to Find 
A Name by Spring of 1992 
• Committee is open to suggestions. A.S. President Edson 
pushes 'Pangea'. 'Roosevelt', 'Fulbright' also mentioned 
By Alyssa Enlow 
Guardian Reporter 

Fifth College administrators an-
nounced Friday that they are be-
ginnmg the process that will result 
in a name for Fifth College, in hopes 
that the college will be named by the 
time its first class graduates in June, 
1992. 

Although the Fifth College Ex-
ecutive and Policy Committee i 
currently encouraging suggestions 
for names, the actual decision pro-
cess will begin after the Jan. 15 
deadline for submitting proposals. 

Fifth College Provost James 
Lyon stressed that he wants the se-
lection of a name to involve the 
entire Fifth College community. 

The committee is looking for a 
name that will be "reflective of [the 
college's 1 character, a name that 
will serve well in a long and mean-
ingful future as an integral yet dis-
tinctive part of a great university," a 
letter to be mailed to all Fifth Col-
lege students states. 

Guardian File Photo 

The naming process will not be 
characterized by a large-scale vote, 
but instead will consist of a series of 
proposals going through several 
committees before final approval 
by the UC Regents, Lyon said. 

He added that the administration 
could conceivably hold an open fo-
rum, during which people could 
express their views. 

Fifth College Provost James Lyon 

In response to concerns that it 
could take some time to get used to 
a new name, an idea has been sug-
gested to create a "grandfather 
clause" in subsequent years which 
would give students a choice of 
which name they want on their di-
ploma. 

Students who entered when the 
college was named "Fifth" would 
have the opportUnity to have either 
"Fifth" or the new name displayed. 

The "grandfather clause" pro-
posal is still far from being definite, 
but it could be enacted. 

Several informal proposals for 
names have already been made. One 
of these is "Pangea", the Latin term 
for the prehistoric supercontinent 
made up of what are now the five 
major continents. 

Associated Students President 
and Fifth College junior John Edson 
believes the name fits Fifth 's inter-
national ideology and echoes themes 
taught in the "Making of the Mod-
em World" core course. 

A few additional ideas have been 
put submitted, including "Eleanor 
RooseveltCollege", named after the 
former first lady who was instru-

mental in the creation of the United 
Nations, and "Fulbright College", 
after the man who was also a leader 
in the international community. 
Fulbright's name is now synony-
mous with the international program 
of Fulbright Scholars. 

Preliminary reactions to these 
proposals vary. Many students agree 
that Fifth College should have a 
name connected to its international 
theme, but that the proposed names 
are not very practical in terms of 
everyday usage because they are 
not as simple and easy to say as 
Revelle, Muir or Warren. 

Many students also seem to like 
"Pangea" more than the other two 
names, with which they do not seem 
to associate with having much 
meaning. 

"Eleanor Roosevelt," they say, 
could potentially be shortened and 
would be mixed up with presidents 
1beodore and Franklin Roosevelt. 

In addition, many students com-
mented that they were angry about 
not being able to directly vote on the 
name themselves. 

One sophomore who preferred 
to remain unnamed said, "If they 
don't IGt us vote, I'll transfer to 
another college." 

It is doubtful that the process will 

GTheUCSD {JARllIAN 
-::. We stay on top of the campus. 

be changed, however, since the ad-
ministration seems very firm in its 
decision. The Fifth College Provost's 
Office is currently soliciting sug-
gestions from all Fifth College fac-
ulty, staff, and students. 

A packet of proposals will be 
mass-mailed to the entire Fifth 
College community and will also be 
available in the Fifth College 
Provost's Office. 

The packet will include proposed 
names, reasons for their appropri-
ateness, and the authors' relations to 
Fifth College. 

Student proposals will be con-
sidered by the Fifth College Ex-
ecutive and Policy Committee, 
which will ultimately make a pro-
posal to the Chancellor's Advisory 
Committee on Naming. 

The second comminee will then 
make a formal recommendation to 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson, who 
will seek final approval from the 
UC Regents. 

Idnko~· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24· 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Garnet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

UCSD SPECIAL 
MONDAY-THURSDAY 

LASAGNE, 
FETIUCIlNI ALFREDO, 

EGGPLANT PARMIGIANA, 
or SPAGHETII 

for 2 $7.95 
Dine In only wah chis ad. 

1203 Gam<t Ave .• Pacific Beach 
272-6632 

Extensive wine list, beer. 

NEWS 3 

Enjoy the Juiciest 
Burgers in Town 

Buy any hamburger. 
sandwich or gyros and 

get a second one 

FREE! 
JEFF'S BURGERS 
2152 Avenida De La Playa 

La Jolla Shores 454-8038 
Must present coupon. Expire> 11/26190. 

THE MOST COMPLETE REVIEW COURSE FOR THE 

~~wMCAT 
THE MCAT REVIEW COURSE at UCSD 
THE ONLY MeAT PREP COURSE RUN & TAUGHT BY MEDICAL STUDENTS IN SAN DIEGO! 

MORE THAN AN EXAM PREP COURSE:=ITS TRULY ONE OF A KIND: 

• TAUGI-IT BY MEDICAL SllJDENTS FOR PRE·MEDICAL SllJDENTS 

• THE MOST COMPLETE &. POPULAR MCA T PREP COURSE IN SAN DIEGO-
5 YEARS OF PROVEN SUCCESS! 

• AN INTENSE. lOO·HOUR LECTURE AND WORKSHOP-BASED REVtEW 
PROGRAM OF THE SCIENCES. READtNG &. WRITING SKILLS AREAS TESTED 
ON THE NEW MCAT 

• NEW MCAT TEST STRA TEGtES &. SllJDY SKILLS 

• tNTINStVE SCIENCE PROBLEM SOLVING AND READING SKILLS WORKSHOPS; 
SMALL GROUP LEARNING; INTENSIVE ESSAY WRITING WORKSHOPS WITH 
A UCSD WRITING PROGRAMS PROFESSOR 

• OVER 1.000 PAGES OF HIGH·YIELD MCAT PRACTICE TESTS. SCtENCE 
PROBLEM SOlVING EXAMS. CON DEN ED FORMULA SHEETS &. REVtEW 
NOTES PROVIDED TO ALL STUDENTS 

• MEET &. HAVE DIRECT CONTACT WtTH CURRENT MEDICAL STUDENTS. 
DISCUS ION OF THE MEDICAL SCHOOL APPLICATION, ADMtSStONS &. 
INTERVIEW PR ESS, &. LIFE ONCE tN MEDICAL SCHOOL DIRECTLY FROM 
TilE MEDtCAL STUDENT PERSPECTtVE! 

• FREE TAKE· HOME L1BRAR Y CHECKOUT OF THE BEST COMMERCIALLY 
AVAILABLE MCAT&. SCIENCEREVtEW MATERIALS 

• PERSONAL nJTORtNG &. SCIENCE STUDY GROUPS IN LUDED IN 
PROGRAM 

• ABOUT HALF THE I...'OST OF OTHER REVtEW COURSES 

SP~ED IN PART BY lllE SPECIAl ADMISSIONS ~ SUPPORT PROGRAM. UCSD SCHOOL Of MEDICINE t:i:lJ CLASSES BEGIN JANUARY 19m IN PREPARATION fOR THE APRIL 1991 MeAT 
FOR ADDtTIONAL INFORMATION CALL: (619) 456-4848 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

E nITORIALS 
Edirorw/ Board 

PHIL GR\.;EN. Ed,lOI In Chlt'f 
ROBIN MA LEAI'.. Managing Edilor 
JASO, S ELL. New, Ed,lor 
BE BOYCHUK. Oplmon Editor 
Th~ UCSD GUilI'dl"''' I~ puhhWlN lhrc.t' umes a wed. ill the UOI\.cr'lI) 01 Coallfoou.J. San 01(gO 
Coments "1990 Vie .... sC'lp~~soj M.~IO ~pn''>C:nl [he" tn:lJOnt) 'Vole of lilt edllorial boud.:tOO om not 
necc .... anly those: 0( the UC Board of Ree('ftl5., .he ASl'CSD, nor tnt- entire G,iJTdWn 'taft 

MUSIC COMPUTERS 

What About Privacy? 
orne mu ic students are play 109 the O\ierture to vhat could 

be a great baule III the basement of Mande\ ille Center. The 
conflict concerns the use of computer.. at the Center for Music 
Experiment by students for non-music related projects. 

The Mu lC Department stated III a recem memorandum that 
the computer y tern is being u ed for activitie' other than 
computer music studies, and therefore is being abused. In 
order to rectify the ~Itu:Jtion, the memo ~tated that the content~ 
of the y tern would be searched and any unauthonzed files 
would be deleted. Furthermore. tudents found to have unau-
thorized files would have their user prI\iileges revoked. 

The qucsllon of ~earching students' computer files hart...ens 
to the age-old question of the individual's right to pnvacy Can 
the MUSIC Department imply search students ' files? Fomler 
Student Advocate Bard-Alan Finlan doesn't think so. Accordll1g 
to Finlan, who ha been the drivtng force behind the outcry 
agarnst the new pohcy. the lusic Departmenl's probe of 
studenl data files is nodifferenl flOm illegal earches o floc kw. 
or dorm rooms. 

The univerSIty owns the dormrtone , but is sull legally 
required to produce a search warrant or probable cause before 
enlenng a student's room. The same hould be true with the 
computer system. The university owns the computer. It should 
follow that the department must produce a warrant before 
searching the files. as one would be reqUired tosearch anyplace 
else. 

Finlan makes a good poinl when he objects to the "aero -
the-board nature" of the searches. Rather, the department 
should concentrate its search on particular suspected abuse. 

Having a policy to keep non-music related files from filling 
valuable memory storage space i not a bad idea. Even Finlan 
concedes to that. Computer-sampled sound file s. which is 
what the ystem is primarily used for, take up vast amounts of 
memory. Certainly, it ,s prudent to keep the ystem 's memory 
free for legitimate uses. The problem with this policy is the 
way to which the Music Department is going abouL its 
implemenlation. Massive ~earches and expurgation of text 

file~, which take up relatively little pace when compared to 
the larger sound fiks, will not only create a great deal of 
resentment among users, but may well be Illegal. 

The Associated Students will consider a resol ution this 
week on whether or not to protest the policy. Practical purposes 
aside, the department's methods are abominable and deserve 
student condemnation. 

IN MEMORIUM 

Chadwell Was a Motivator 
It was said that even w, cancer was in the final stages ofslowly 

eating her life awa) , Duma Chadwell would not stop looking 
after the well-being of others ... even those who were loolung 
after her. Chadwell. a phYSical education professor. lost her battle 
with breast cam:er Thur..c!ay, but she did not surrender easily. 

Chadwell's students remember her a!> a person who tl1lly 
cared about her clw,ses. As one student wrote in a letter to the 
editor. Chadwell WU!> "a lady who gave her elf 200 percent tn 
everything she did and to everyone she c.ame III contact wnh," 

he tned to not only edu ate, but IIIvli\'Qte her students into re-
altzing their full potenual. 

It IS sadly ironic that a woman so dedicated to fitness and 
nutntJondledinSlicha way. Chadwell. who wasonly42, wlllaho 
be remembered for hel flequent nutrition semlJ1aJ>. She coordI-
nated a number of health plOgranls wllhmthe univer..lty . anu was 
always willtng tosuggest ways for people to ImprO\C thelrhcalth. 

Chadwell \\ as remembered by her friend, colkaguc,. und 
~tlJ(knt~ on SatUi day when several hundrCd p '(iPh: paJ1Icipat~J 
In a 'iK fun run .11le! tv.o-TlIlle wall.: 011 campu ,'lite eH'lll \\as 
olg;u1Jzd to ralse money to defcr th..: lila ,i~' 110 pltal C()\ts 
u<;cum ulawd over the la~t k\\ mOl1th~. 

eha \\ell (.tITII ,lt~)llt hl:1 studClIb, and the\ ~" 1I u uut her. 
I "" II b' (hllucult to fine! a r~. hlccment '" ho «mid 1.0> It her 
d I oilton .lIId [.ttl on em fo vt 

T h e UCSD G uardian Monday, November 12, 1990 

BENSON 

I'm Drawing the Line 
With 'Wambo Wabbit' 
• From the Brothers Grimm to 'Tom and Jerry,' 
America's youth finds violence in all it surveys 
By Mary Betty Heard, Associate News Editor 

I want to tell a story. 
When I was a kid, my favorite story was The 

Littlest Rabbit. It is the story of an itty-bitty rabbit 
who was picked o n by aU the other rabbits. I guess 
they called him names like Sweet Pea and Brussel 
Sprout. 

The little rabbit went crying home to tell IUs 
father, but his 
father told IUm 
that he would 
be big and 
st rc;mg one 
day, and not to 
worry- just 
quietly take 
the insults. 

So the itty-
bitty rabbit ate 
and slept and 
played, and 
ate and slept 

and played, and prayed every nighl to grow taller, 
until one day he noticed that he was getting bigger. 
In fact, he grew to be bigger than the bully rabbits 
that had made fun of him. And he was very happy. 

One day, tbe bully rabbits, who for some reason 
hadn't noticed that the "littlest rabbit" wasn't so 
little any mOre, came over and teased him like they 
always had. So what does he do? He beals the 
stuffin' out of them, and sends them home crying to 
for their mommie~ . He later frightens and chases 
away another group of bulhes who were teasing a 
Liny rabbit. 

What is he, Super-Rabbit the Avenger, defend-
ing all of the iny-biny fuzzy bunnies? What 
happened to all the pacifist ph ilosophy encom-
passed in "Eat, sleep, play, and pray, and you will 
grow to be bigger and stronger?"When I was 
younger, I thoughL Lhat il would be great to finally 
he able to cream the kicb that made fun of me, just 
like the 1 Jttle~1 RabbIt did But ('an you imagine 
what woultl have happened if 1 did? I can Sl'e the 
headhne now: "C'ta/,nl Fourth-Glader Reats T""e\ve . 
ID After S hooll3ruwl.·' or "High School 'upho-
more '1 a} es Out Thn:e With F~ ac to Kill : Poilce 
Su pc-et P,\f.S W,t Caus " 

It },Oll 111m!;. Ihm t II, till book I tI'[ the only on 
' . 1 e 1 e for ~ IUS." Wh.1t Ib"ut I,,' 

I' II [ hll h 1 n t 

the same as the Disney version] of "CinderelJa" 
makes my stomach chum. Not only do the nasty 
step-sisters oppress Cinderella, but they also 
employ self-mutilation to win the hand of the 
prioce: they chop of bits of their feet in order to 
fit iota Cinderella's shoe. They are later punished 
by the spirit of CindereIla' s dead mother by 
having their eyes plucked out by birds. 

Or what about "The Robber Bridegroom," a 
Brothers Grimm tale about a thief pretending to 
bP .l wealthy man'? His bride discovers his gang 
of thieves and watches in hiding as the gang 
rapes, chops up, boils, and eats a young maiden. 
The bride, terrified of being eaten, attempts to 
escape marriage with him by stealing the ring 
finger of the young maid. 

These are children's stories? 
It is startling how violent children's media can 

be, Bugs Bunny and Roger Rabbit are buth 
examples: so are Tom and Jerry, the Road-runner 
and the Coyote, and Woody Woodpecker. 

I am mentioning these cartoons because I 
know a lot of college and high school students 
enjoy watching them. And they should: Cartoons 
are full of humorous references to histo rical 
events and old political satire that most teenagers 
and adults understand. 

But six-year-oJd kiUs don 't understand the 
allusion~. the jibes. They may laugh so hard that 
they pee when they watch Yankee Bugs Bunny 
and Rebel Yosemite Sam battle it out in a "Gone 
With The Wind" seuing, but they don ' t know 
what the Mason-Dixon line is, know when or 
what the Civil War was, nor do they understand 
why Yosemite Sam holds the New York Yank~ 
prisoner in Ihetr dug-out at the end of the cartoon. 

What they are laughing at is how Yo~emi te 
Sam looks after he has been hit full- force in the 
face with a cannon baJJ, powder bums .!Od all. 

Since most college students grew up with 
these cartoons and books, they see nothing wrong 
With the violenc!' and adult themes, and even 
criticize the few people who speak out agall1st 
them They \ay the Violence ob\ lousl y hau no 
effect on u~. because here we are at a univer~lty 
h.:aming how t,) be "produ(;lJve member:; ot 

~ocl~ly.t~ 
So thl' e pl:um \~hy thl' fi 'hi' till thl' I" 

clunnt' :t h, h'y g,I111(, ar chel,'red" .ud I Ih,m Ll 
II' 

Monday, November 12, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

Free Speech Is an Inalienable Right 
By John Harrington 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

What is at once the flaw and the 
strength of the U .S. Constitution is 
its amibiguity . 

]n fact, from its ratification to 
the present day, the constitution 
has been as much of a controver-
ia l document as any in history. 

Yet, wi th regard to the freedom of 
speech question , the First Amend-
ment IS as clear as il can possibly 
be: "Congress shall make no law ... 
abridging the freedom of speech." 
No mention is made for the special 
cases of obscenity, sedition. or li -
bel. 

The constitution did provide a 
way forthe tates and the people to 
create new laws and refine those 
enumerated in the constitution, and 
the framer~ofour government quite 
rightly foresaw that Ihe details of 
the law were nvt meantto be written 
in stone but should remain flexible 
and debatable. That' ~ why we refer 
to them as "framers," and not 
" founders." 

I think the f ramers mllst have 
been very aware of being too ex-
plicit when they began drafting the 
highest law of their futur state. 
lIad they wanted the constitution 

to follow exactly their own imag-
ined model of a perfect govern-
ment , they would have been much 
more long-winded. 

None of Ihe firs t 10 amend-
ments, for example, is more than 
one entence long. No article of 
the main body of the constitution 
could begin to compare with the 
smallest texts in this last e lection. 
Every page of the constitution is 
an outl ine; there is rarely a contin-
gency or a special case. 

The attempt to imagine the " in-
tent" of the framers is a paradox, 
because LO do so is to ignore their 
obvious intention of leaving the 
controversies to the discretion of 
fULure generations. 

Had the const itution been a 
document of the framers' opinions 
on morality, obscenity, religion. 
and censorship, it would not only 
have been a good deal more 
schizophrenic than it is (I'm sure 
all of the delegates to the conven-
tion had his own opinions about 
these things), but it would have 
had to be 10,000 pages long, rather 
than 30 or 40. And today we would 
not be living in a democracy but an 
oligarchy set up by men who died 
150 years before mo t of us were 

born. To speculate about the intent 
of the framers is to posthumously 
ask them for those imaginary 
10,000 pages. 

Forthemost pan, we 've handled 
the awe orne responsibilities of 
freedom very well. We 've realized 
that, after all , though it was prob-
ably not the/ramers' illlent,slavery 
should be aboli hed, women and 
minorities s hould be full citizens 
with the right to vote, and di s-
crimination again t o ther groups 
(e.g. gays, and members of other 
relig ions) is equally wrong. 

We've also come to understand 
that "my right to extend my fi ~ 1 
ends at the tip of your nose ." So 
there are laws against libel. laws 

again~t inciti ng to violence (as was 
dem0nstrated recently to Tom 
Metzger), and against the prover-
bial "shouting fire in a crowded 
theatcr." etc. 

But the general prmciple up 
held in these qualifica tions of the 
First Amendment is that CItizens 
should have the right to say (or 
paint, sing, write, etc.) whatever 
they please as long as they are not 
hurting anyone, whether physically 
or In reputation. 

Note that this "anyone" does 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

not apply to groups of people but to 
pecific people and specific inci-

dences. 
Speech may not be abridged 

because it "offends" the majority, 
or even if it offends a mall group. 
For example, it is wrong to defame 
asingle person (as in "George Bush 
bea ts Mr .Bu h"), butracistgroup 
may cla im all they want abou t the 
Jew~ (as in "all Jews are greedy") 
and still be protected by the First 
Amendment rights . 

In fact, there is only one body of 
law that differs from this principle. 
and this i the case of obscen ity. It 
ha so far been impossible to show 
that pronouncing obscentites leads 
to the harm of anyone, Obscenities 
are. however. offen~lve to the rna, 
jonty but thatl~ not a valid reason 
to ban them 

The need for an amendment 
saying "Congre,~ shall make no 
law ... abridging the freedom of 
speech" i not designed to protect 

~omeone who stands on the street 
eomer shouting "the sky is blue!" 
There is no controversy in that 
statement. 

The FIr t Amendment protects 
people who stand on street comers 
and shout "redistribute the wealth! , 

Community Standards Too Limited 
Editor: 

The central problem with Mr. 
ZacharY Berman's commentary 
("Communities Have Right to Set 
Their Own Standards on Obscen-
ity," Nov.7), and the complaints 
from the conservative right is that 
their view of the reasons for free 
speech is too limited. 

The 2 Live Crew and controver-
sial art projects make easy targets if 
you think that free speech is pro-
tected only so we can "make in-
formed decisions" and "know all 
the sides of the issues". Such argu-
ments sound like the line from 
Dragnet: "Iu t the facts M a'am." 

Protecting and even encourag-
ing the expression of views that are 
not widely held promotes self-re-
flection and the development of the 
ideas that we believe in. 

Challenges to our beliefs pro-
mote the development of ourvalues 
as we try to accommodate parts of 
the challenge to our pre-existing 
dispositions. Such accommodations 
represent the development of our 
moral framework. 

Yet some will say that " As Nasty 
as They Want To Be" contains 
nothing that they can or should ac-
commodate. That is fine, for if we 
find absolutely nothing redeeming 
in the challenge. our beliefs arc 
strengthened in defending them, 
inuriug that they are not "dead 
uogmu" bur a living, vi brant set of 
values. Listening to 2 Live Clew 
and IindlJ1g them repugnant is a 
g<xld tillng occllu,e it make;, us re-
rnembel what we belie\e 111 "nJ 
why. 

What IS most uISCOnCCl1lng 1\ 
that Mr. BClll1an 's \le\\ ufthe frec 
dom of speech b n' t all that lllKlllll-
mon un our c<lmpu,. Studcnls seem 
all too n~ady In VIC\~ au uud..:rgradu 
atc educalJol1 as a proce" of .ICdl 
JIlulallJlg "facts" ftUm \~hich the) 

can make "infonned decisions." 
TraditionaJIy, this has never been 

the purpose of a BA degree. Rather, 
it is to provide you the opportunity 
to develop your beliefs through a 
process of challenge and defense. 

The victory by the conservative 
right on free speech issues would 
produce a citizenry that would dully 
recite back a set of values in accord 
with "basic social order and moral -
ity" without ever having to defend 
them. Such a condition would be a 
tragedy, for our beliefs would s lip 
into banality and dead dogma. 

Erik Bruvold 

Soft Reserves 
Responds to 
Guardian 
Editor: 

In response to the article that 
appeared in the November 5, 1990, 
issue of The UCSD Guardial/ , we 
would like to clarify several point 
that were in enur. 

oft Reserves has four register 
windows to serve the UCSD tu-
dent population of over 17,000. 
During the first two weeks of the 
qualter, we were able to full y .,taff 
all four windows to ensure that stu-
dents would not wai t longerthan 15 
or 20 minutes for service. 

Soft Reserves is staffed by stu · 
dents, and work shifts usuall y are of 
a two to three h ur dur. tion. Dllr-
lllg shi ft changes one register win-
dll\\ lS al\\ays closed to allow the 
ca\hler to complete the closing 
ProCl'SS. 

I'he vendor we currently use ttl 
Iq\mduu~ curse m:lIl'rials und I 
\\CI,t major lh,mgcs over the sum-
mer. and thl:refOle \\.1;, not alw,I};, 
.Ibk It' complete ordeJ'). ,\ceording 

to Soft Reserves ' time schedule. 
We adjusted our arrival board to 
reflect any orders affected by the 
revised arrival schedule. 

However, course readers for the 
most part were available on a timely 
basis for the students. It is clearly 
posted outside our cashier windows 
that we do not always order the full 
course enrollment. We order mate-
rials based on previous sales record 
for the same class. 

The reasons for this practice are 
obvious: I) Not every student in 
every class will buy a copy of the 
course material, 2) we have only a 
limited amount of space to store 
leftover materials at the end of the 
quarter. and 3) most course materi-
als are not re-usable and we recycle 
any excess copies as waste . 

During the last weeks of the 
summer of 1990, we sent ou t two 
representatives with fliers and in-
formation sheets that delineated the 
various a peet of our on-campus 
service. 

We concentrated on departments 
that would most likely use course 
readers in their c lasses since gaining 
permission to reprint copyrighted 
materials takes more time than just 
simply reproducing course materi-
als . Researching copyright has al 
ways been one of the major services 
we have offered to all camtJus de-
partments. 

Soft Reserves abides by the 
umver..ity ·s poltC) with respect to 
the reproduc tion of copynghted 
material , that is: ,my reproductlon 
of course matetial witholtt specific 
pemm\lOn of the COP} nght 0\\ ner 
is a violation of the la\\ Soft Re-
serve., \\ III not reproduce COpy 
ri ghtcu matenal II ithuut e, pliclt 
permbsion from the I:opyright 
hold r 

\ COl ding to "."\l'ral publtsltcl'\. 
our 'i) ~Iern of obtamrng pemli~'lon 

to reprint copyrighted materials i 
one of the most operable and effi-
cient they 've seen. 

Our permi sion fees are often 
substantially lower than non-aca-
demic concerns since we are an 
educational institution reproducing 
materials for educational u e. We 
currently have a staff of twenty 
students to ensure that every aspeet 
of Soft Reserves runs smoothly. 

We have experienced a 25 per-
cent growth over the Fall 1989 
quarter and ask that students please 
have patience during the peak de-
mand periods. 

Soft Re erves ' goal is to provide 
coun;e materials at the 10wesL pnce 
po Ible for UC D students. In 
keeping with this objective, we are 
In the process of many changes that 
will enhance our service over the 
next several quartcn;. 

oft Reserves Staff 

Is Gay Culture 
Really Different? 
Editor: 

I anl concerned about the stated 
obJt:Ctlves of Dr. Jaye Miller's new 
sociology class. titled "Lesbian and 
Ga ultures in Po twar America." 
Surely lC1>bians and gays, like celt-

bm(,saJldphihutdercr...pedophib~uld 
oVllepts. e'{pl1!s~ reMn:.!1 sexual pref-
elences by aclS carried out in pnvate. 
ll'i do the rt:!>t of u .... "TIle c!w" \\- ill 
foeu, on gay ,uld lesbian cultures and 
the v .mel} 01'\\ ays in \~ hich it e"pre'-~I!s 
it\clf in our culture." Miller states. 

But i\J'C they J\.'llly ~paratc cul-
tUI1!''.' 

Arc O~ar \\ Iide and BenJlUl1lO 
Entten not part of the 'ame cultun: a, 
G..\lrge BenKu\! h,m ,utd Bl'ethO\ l'll" 
Surelvcultute IS ItOtdefined . Ie" tw 
,I 'l'\ llal prclercrn.'c I 

Gianna <''>Curo 

or "ban animal experimentatio n !, 
or even "down wi th freedom of 
speech!" as Ironic as thc last may 
be. 

Frankly, the reason we are all so 
offended by ob cenities is becau e 

mo~t people in the United States 
a re Chri stian, and acco rding to 
Christian morality, sex out of mar-
riage is a sin, and, by- exten~ion, 
any word that refer ... tu fornication 
is sinful and offensive. 

I am tolerant ofChrbtians and [ 
beg Christian~ to be tolerant ofme. 
r say Ihese offen~ive worU., in my 
everyday conversation and (let's 
face It) so do mosl of you, and 
although \\e as a societ} may not 
like It. the,e words an: going to 
er p up in our popular mu,ic, In 
Irtcmture. and in all manner~ of 
expre ...... ion Theca,1! .igJilhl Z Li\ e 
Cre\" will not he the fi<.,t te,t of 
these idea Is . 

Whether the fralll<:fS oftheeoll-
,tJtutlon were Jthei,ts or funda-
mentaltst Chri~tians milke, no dif-
ference. 

We are not "children" ,prung 
from "foundJllg fathers; " we an: 
adult~ capable of mal'dng up our 
own mtnds and mat...ing our own 
laws. 

Are We The 
Voice Of An 
Oppressive 
Minority? 
What Do 
You Think? 

The UCSD Guard-
ian welcomes your 
letters and commen-
taries. Drop your let-
ter at the Guardian 
offices (on Ihe sec-
ond floor of the Stu-
dent Center, above 
the General Store) or 
mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
Guardian 

9500 Gilman Dr. 
0316 

La Jolla, CA 
92093-0316 
Leiters should be 

typed , double-
spaced , and should 
include a signature 
and a phone num-
ber Unsigned letters 
¥vdl not be printed 
We reserve the right , 
to edit far lenglh and 
clarity. 



6 NEWS T h e UCSD Guardian 

MEDICINE UNDER A MICROSCOPE 
Continued fro m page 1 
completed its own intemal investigation into the alleged illegal 
chargesdue tothestate'sreluctance to hareinfomlationgathered 
during its investigation. 

Recently the state has finally agreed toallow the medical center 
access to such infom1ation. Stringer said. He aI 0 stated that if 
there is clear evidence of miscondu t within the Pediatric Cardi-
ology Division, the clinic willtakc a tion against them. 

Escoboza said that since the investigation of the alleged 
improper charge is still in progres • the tate has not taken any 
teps against the medical c mcr. He speculated that if the allega-

tions are correct. the hospital could be fined . 
The sec nd blow also carne mla!e October, when the Times 

announ ed prematurely on Oct. 24 that the Department of Repro-
ductiveMedicinewasshullingdownitsComprehensivePerinatal 
Program (CPP). The departrnel1l had made no such announce-
ment of its own regarding the program. 

ll1e CPP I~ the only major comprehensive prenatal care 
program offered to the poor women of San Diego County. 

When the story first ran in the Times, it was based on a memo 
i ued by Dr. Robert Resnik. head of the DepartmemofReproduc-
tive Medicine. \\ hich announced the phasing out of the CPP. 

The program. which can receive up to I 30 mother.. permonth, 
offcr.. prenalal .Uld postpaJtum care, educational programs on 
health and nutntion. ,md child delivery. 

According to UC D fedical Center represcntati\c Leslie 
Franz. 'The CPP i, a.. -.elf-contained program under the um-
brella of the Department of Reproductive Medicine. 

" In (' i~ incepnon. it h~ been self-funded. self-~ustallllng. 
and had Ibown 5t.ltl" I'ranz!>aid. "It wa.., upponed o"~rthel~t 
few ye3/',b\ [statefundingl and Medi-Cal. But the DepaJtmentof 
ReproduclI\ e MedicUie did not get fundmg. 

··It \I:b J':'I)!I1<:J ~l that if a buth i., nonna!. [III' COl cred byl 
a nur-<!·nuJ" ife. But if it i, comphcatro. d<x:tOI~ from the 
Dcp;utJnt:nt of ReproJuctive ledicine would come III.. and 
d lllalt tlnlC." Fr.ulLcontmued. 

FrJ1lZexplJmed tllalOnce the state fundtng \\ as II IIhdrJ\\Il, the 
CPP l:x:camc \\holly dependent on Medi-Cal reimhu~ments. 
II hich ~he ~.!Jd are often not enough to cover the co t of patient 
care. 

"Ea h patient IS gomg to needdifferem levels of care:' Franz 
,>aid. She added that it W<Jl, the ho~pital ":'expericncethat Medi-Cal 
reimbursements were always under what was needed. 

The Times arock poimed out that Medi-Cal reimbursements 
have gone up by more than thiny percent over the past two years. 

The article Slated that according to Dr. Rugmmi ShaI1, chief of 

Whot's shakin at Costa Verde 
Center? For a double dip, there s 

Heidi's Frogen Yozurt and Sieve's Ice Cream. 
For the dipstick, there's 0 gas station and car wash, 
as well as a Fox Photo when you're eally on a roll. 
Pick up a flick? A CD player for your golden oldies? 

the Maternal <U1d hild Health br.U1Ch of the 
CalifomiaDepanmel1lofHealth Services, no 
other hospitals have complained of reim-
bursements being too low. 

According to Franz, the admimstmtive 
duties involved with the CPP have been 
executed by the Department ofReproducti ve 
Medicine. 

Since losing the Mate gran!. the hospital 
has considered moving the administrative 
re ponsibilitie downrothecommuniryclmic 
level. 

"It i more efficient and cost effective to 
ba<;e the administration in the community 
clinic arena," Franzsaid. The restructuring of 
the program will allow it to continue without 
taxing the medical center, she added. 

Franz said she hopes that ·'the progran1 
will continue without any change in health 
care ... the level of services wiu be the same." 

She in isted that the medical center wiu still be involved in the 
program and still deli ver the babies of CPP mothers. 

''It has been percei ved by a lot of people as a lack of commu-
nication:' Franz said. 

While she dId admit that information travels slowly in an 
organizationascomplexastheUCSDMedicalCenter,inthiscasc 
the problem arose because plan for the CPP had not been 
finalued. 

The Oct. 24 Times article was followed by two others which 
detailed how the hospital backtracked, imisting that the decision 
had nel er been fInalized, and that the memo released on Oct. 16 
was onl ~ a draft. 

"I thmk theconfusion wa, generated parlIally by theprematurc 
public .Ulnouncement that [theprogrdll1 wasC\osing) ,"Franz said. 

heac.ldedthaton the day the story mn in the Times, the key people 
111\ oiled m decision-making for the CPP were out of town. 

lil Augu t. themedicalcenterreceivedadamag1l1g blow when 
it was reviewed by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of 
Healthcare Organizations, a national agency that sets the stan-
~ for the treatment of Medicare patients. 

Because the ho pital failed to meet appropriate quality assur-
ance levels, it was put on a six-month probation. 

UCSD Medical Director Paul Jagger said that while the six-
month probation does nOl affect the hospital financially, it has 
affected its reputation negatively. 

He added that if the center were to lose its accreditation 

Come to Costa Verde Center - Where rock, and roll, and 
most every other convenience is here to stay. Other 
stores: 8usySody, Costa Verde Cor Wash • HomeFed 
Bon • La Jolla Cleaners t Mo il Boxes, Etc. t Diva La 
Jolla FlOrISt • Gingiss Formolwear • Video 
Gallery 

Monday, November 12, 1990 

Guardian File Photo 
al together, Medicare would not be obliged to reimburse the 
hospital . 

In Califomia, as in many other tates, hospitals must meet the 
commi ion 's standards in order to receive reimbursements for 
treatment of Medicare patients. 

Jagger explained that the probation "had to do with mainly 
documentation of our quality control assurance program -
documentation being a paper trail ." 

He went on to say that since UCSD is a teaching hospital, 
"you're seeing several doctors every day and everyone is looking 
over everyone el e's shoulder," unlike mo tho pitals. where a 
patient sees only one doctol . 

Because of this, the hospital felt that the quality of care given 
to patients spoke for i~lf, and therefolc did nOl put as much 
emphasis on keeping up WIth the papelwork. 

Jagger admitted that the Joint commission was nght to repn-
mand the hospital for not keeping up vith Its documentation. 

According to the Ullioll. within the last year the ho pital has 
hired IOpeopletoconductreview ofqualityassumnce.hasadded 
a new computerized system to centralized records, and has created 
a panel called the Patient Care Review Committee to ensure 
appropriate performance by the deparm1ents. 

Jaggersuggested that thecornrnission will retum to review the 
hospital in March. 

"We have invested a half a mi llion dollars into this," Jagger 
said. 'W e're going to have loIS of paperwork when the commis-
sion comes back." 

Monday, November 12,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Could the Pub Rise Again? 
• The Triton Pub was not closed because of any UCSD 
alchol policy, but because the UCB preferred Round Table 
By David Ferris 
Staff Writer 

When the Triton Pub closed its 
doors two years ago, many students 
believed that it was because the 
campus was limited to one liquor 
license. That belief is, in fact, com-
pletely incorrect. 

"Everybody thinks that there's a 
NEWS ANALYSIS 

policy that there's only one liquor 
license [allowed on campus) ," As-
sociated Students President John 
Edson said. In fact, he said there is 
nothing to that effect anywhere in 
UCSD's alcohol policy. 

Mordecai Potash, University 
Center Board (VCB) promotions 
commissioner, agreed that "a lot of 
students were confused" about that 
issue. 

The Triton Pub was a meeting place fOf students until the spring 
of 1989, when it was closed in favor of the Bullseye Tavern. 

Both the Faculty Club and the 
Bullseye Tavern currently hold al-
cohollicenses. The Bullseye Tavern 
has held one since the Triton Pub 
shut down in the spring of 1989. 

The decision to close the pub 
facility and transfer its business to 
the Bullseye Tavern was made by 
the UCB, according to University 
Center Director Jim Carruthers. 

"The decision was that we wanted 
to move beer and wine closest 10 the 
broadest menu," he said. 

According to Carruthers, the 
Price Center carries about 250 menu 
items, whereas the Triton Pub car-
ried only three or four kinds of hot 
food. 

The pub will be undergoing 
renovation this spring or summer to 
make it more of a multipmpose fa-
cility. The specific nature of the 
facility ,including whether it will be 
able to hold an alcohol license, is 
still under debate. 

If the pub is to get a license, it 
must first settle with Round Table 
Pizza, which operates the Bullseye 
Tavern. Round Table bid for the 
Bullseye Tavern on the under-
standing that they would be the ex-
clusive server of alcohol in the 
University Center, which includes 
the Price Center, the Student Cen-
ter, the Che Cafe, and the Triton 
Pub. 

Potash indicated that he will be 

pushing for a license for the pub. 
"We can renegotiate with Round 

Table,"he said. "If we were going to 
get a second liquor license, we would 
have to give Round Table a break." 

Paul Eykamp, representative to 
the UCB from the Graduate Students 
Association (GSA), which also 
wants a role in the new pub, said, "It 
is conceivable that some deal could 
be worked out with Round Table to 
cater [the pub]." 

However, plans to procure a li-
cense may be frustrated by bureau-
cratic problems. Sharon Kopp of 
the California Alcoholic Beverage 
ContJrol Department, whichcontJrols 

the issue of licenses, said that is 
harder to get [a license) now be-
cause there are so many in San Di-
ego already." 

Whatever form the new pub will 
take, it will not be the same facility 
that students campaigned to save 
two years ago. It may be divided 
into two or three sections to allow 
for the simultaneous occurrence of 
several events. 

"The pub was like the TGs -
one of the few traditions that were 
very visible," Carruthers said. "Bu! 
in a few years, you will have the 
same tradition with the Bullseye 
Tavern." 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

ePregnancy Termination 
eGeneral or Local Anesthesia 
e Low Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conception) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
eStudent Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

g;r;'t 
~a('hoiCt· 

... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

NEWS 7 

L a J 0 I I a , s 
BEST KEPT SECRET! 

Come by for breakfast, lunch, or dinner! 

..... 
cu ...... 

• Overlooking Torrey Pines Golf Course 
and the Pacific Ocean 

• Beautiful outdoor dining 
• A wide variety of nutritious yet tasty cuisine 
• AII-you-can·eat salad bar 

• Deli sandwiches, fresh fish 
HOURS OF OPERATION 
Mon.·Thurs. 7 am-8 pm 

Friday closed al3 
and chicken entrees, and more ... 

r-----------------Fridays thru Sundays our r.slauranl 
Is open 10 caler your parties. Enjoy your 20% student discount 

with a UCSD 1.0. 
Choices in the • - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Shiley Sports and Health Center of 554 FOOD 
Scripps Clinic ·10820 North Torrey Pines Road Call • 

SOMETHING FUN IS BREWING IN LA JOLLA! 

~II bee! 
WEDNESDAY NIGHTS ARE NOW 

UCSD NIGHT 
• Lunch .~~ ! 
t Oyster Bar L-"'--
• Happy Hour 3-6 
t21/wstuclentlD ~A' 

., .. 

Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-12 pm. Fri.-Sat. 11 am-2 am 

UCSD FITNESS 
SP_CIAIJ 

AND ONLY $20 PI. MONrH 
on a monthly basis 

STAIRMASTERS AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS·HOI ST 
f REE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 

LIFE CYCLES 
REEBOK STEPS 

.4 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

BEING-FIT ® 
3968 Clairemonl Mesa Blvd. 

Clooremonr Square Shopping Cenrer neor lee Word.·Sehind Par's Sport 

483-9294 
At", 'n SDSU area 698·1702 Pr._r this ad and I D. 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 12, 1990 

Ramifications of Proposition 143's Defeat Still Unclear 
By Tammy Crawford 
Staff Writer 

any thing with money," Wood said. 
Opponents of the proposition 

suggested that state voters are no 
longer receptive to bond measures. 

UCSO' Libertarians group, de-
scribed the election as " A 
Libertarian's dream." Propo ition 143, a bond is ue 

that would have provided $450 mil-
lion to the California higher educa-
tion y tem,lo t by a narrow mar-
gin in Tuesday's general election, 
leaving administrators in the dark 
about how they will fund con truc-
tion projects in 1991 and 1992. 

million in funding for 1990-91 will 
allow some projects to becompleted. 
As far as putting another general 
obligation bond on the June 1992 
ballot, however, hI' <aid it would be 
"impossible to tell ifit would pa s." 

"We won't know where to get 
the money for another six weeks to 
two months. I'm extremely pessi-
mistic about the funding," he said. 

Kennedy, UCSD vice chancellorof 
administration. "If I knew why it 
was such a close race it probably 
would have won." 

"Voters finally wised up," said 
Tim Budd, president of the College 
Republicans at UCSD. "We can't 
affordit. .. . Voters are sick of voting 
for the same thing over and over 
again. I'm happy that the majority 
of the bond issues did not pass, but 
it's unfortunalethat 143didn'l pass; 
I voted for it. " 

"I'm happy about the tumout," 
Chatenever said. "Since the days of 
FOR, people have been trying to fix 
problems by throwing money at 
them. People have fmally realized 
that it's real money we're playing 

"We're set for 1990 to 1991, but 
we need approximately $24 mill ion 
for '91- '92 and that is what's imme-
diately at risk," said Associate Vice 
Chancellor of Resource Manage-
ment John Woods. 

The measure lost 51 percent to 
49 percent statewide. UCSD cam-
pus voters voted in favor of the 
measure by a margin of 82 percent 
to 14 percent. 

Kennedy suggested that the 
failure of Prop. 143 was a "sign of 
the times." 

with." 
For now, all that administrators 

can do is wait for the governor to 
draft a budget to see how much they 
will be allotted. 

"[Prop. 143] was only 100,000 
votes short," said V. Wayne 

"1 think people don't want any 
more tax increases," Kennedy said. 
"It gotcaughl up with the rest of the 
bond issues." 

Still, Budd thought that the de-
feat of bond iss\ICS in general will 
"save California in the long run." 

"It's extraordinarlJy unllkely that 
we will get much money," Woods 
said Woods explained that about $60 'There was just a ' 00' vote for Scott OJatenever, a member of 

COFFEE I-l 
. °u 

\S'(t' 
• Quiche 
o Seafood Salad 
• Chicken Curry 
• Garden Salads 
• Homemade Soups 

·Danishes 
• Scones 
o Cappuccino 
• Gourmet Coffee 
o Fresh Breads 

Need a Nice, Quiet Place To Study? 
How About Coming Over to Our House. 
OPEN 7 AM· 5 PM· 7 Days a Week· 481·8590 

1307 Stratford Court 0 Del Mar 
(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

CELEBRATING 10 YEARS OF SERVICE 

UCSD SPECIALS 
~ gef' I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 

~ Mitsubishi Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $35 *(reg.$55) 
1. Spalk piU9s Our Iune up mc/udes a kJl more Ihoo others. II .,chJdes: 
2 Distributor points 6 C~an & replenish all lIuid & oil levels 10. Ched< undercarriage lor damages 
3 Condensers 7 CheCk brakes I I. Che<:k cooing syslem & hoses 
4 Adjustllf11lng 8 CheCk dutch 12 Road lesl 
5 AdiUSt dwell angle 9 Check IIghlS 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
1. Compression test Extra lor luel·'''Iected. Our malOf tune up mcludes. (reg. $150) 
2 Vai';e adjuSlmer.: 11. Adlust bmrng 21. Che<:k & replenISh al 28 Ched< and recharge 

Rep'ate: t2. Adlusl <lwei angle flUid and oilleveis battery. ~ necessary 
3. Vai';e cover gaSl\l!t 13 AOJust carburetor 22. Ched< eletflcal system 29. Rotate bres rrt needed} 
4 Spark plU9s 14 Adjust steering box 23. Ched< 101 loose or losl 30. Che<:k bre pressure 
5 DrstnbutOl pornlS 15 AdJus (IIr & luel ratIO nlll boilS 31. Lube door hinges 
6 Condensers. 16. AdjUst dUlCh 24 Chad< brakes 32. Check all holders 
7. Air liner. 17. Adjust brakes 25. CheCk clutch 33. Che<:k ccooling system & 
8 Oriliher. 18. Adjusl emergency brakes 26 Check hghlS hoses 
9 Gas hlter. and 19 Check & adjust exposed 27. Check undercarnage lor 34 Ched< e,haust system 
10 engine oil bellS damages 35. Road lest 

20. Lube Iroot end 

N~e ForkIW~Cc;;;pi;i~O CI~t~8hkj;b $169 * 
We rep/ace: 

1. TransrrnsslOn K1put shah seal (exeep! 4 Throwout bearrng Note Hydraulic parts are not covered. 
Hondas 5 P,io: beanngs NO! lor 4WD. Front wheel drive eXIra 

2 Pre&sure plate 6. New transmiSSion oil . 
3 Clutch disc 7. ROild test 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
Front Of rear Brake JOb IfICirxies: 

, Instal speoal new pads OI lnstaJJ rear bra.e s/loes 5 Bleed enbre brake system 
2 DraJO old brake flUid 6 Must frOnl (II drums) and rear s/loes 
3 Ins,JC<.1 compi~te hydraulic syste'll 7 Re~ace Ironl rotOl seals (II rotor !Urn) 
4 Refdl hydraulIC Iluid 8 Road test 
MJle H)tIfaJc pares are no(.rcI.JOed 

Brand new parts. Ask about our special rate. for engine overhauls. 
All our wot1l has a 2-year or 20,OOG-mile limited warranty. 

All prices include parts and labor. 

overseas 
Automotive Repairs 

(,mosl cars) 
8008 Miramar Rd. 695-1990 

Otter goOd tlv0U9h Dec 5. '990 With lhiS ad 
,,~II for appointment. 

•• 4 •• 66. 
Towmg and renlal car availab!e. Monday·Frlday, 7.30 am·6 pm. Open Saturday 

-Sperm 6415 AIvndo IIoId, SuIte 109 
t Bank I next to SDSU Inc. 

-

DO YOU NEED EXTRA CASH? 
Are you in good physical condition? 

Could you use an additional $300.00/month? 
($35 per usuable sample) 

SPERM DONORS NEEDED 
all ethnic groups 

(619) 265-2407 

Buy your AnCarvcd 14K nr IRK gn ld ring now lUI" receive lhe perrCCl holiday gi n . R rrcc 
pendanl won h $1 :'ill. lllc pendanl is cr:rrlcd nr 10K gnhJ wilh un I R inch chain . Atl 

now and receive Ihe rree pendanl or discount or up 1" S UKI on your college ring purcha,c. 
lI's your choice. Receive your pend"nl hcrurc Ihe holidays if you wish. 

Come see our new ring styles this fall! 
See the many ways to personalize your ring! 
Ask about our monthly payment plans! 

Date - November 12 - 14, 1990 
Time - 10 a.m. - 3 p.m. 
Place - Price Center Plaza 
Deposit Required - $30.00 

SfC';M Po),,,,,,' PI ... Available •• :!II: G 
MIL AOl1 lln~ 

UNIVERSITI' 

FEATURES 
Monday, November 12, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

IN 
THE 

Jeff QuanlGuardian 

FEATURES 9 

"Smokers need 
to be persistent 
[when quitting 
smoking] and at 
the same time 
keep in mind that 
non-smokers 
have the right to 
breathe clean air, 
free from harmful 
and irritating to-
bacco smoke." 

- Dalynn Proffitt, 
health education 

coordinator 

• 'Great American Smokeout' partiCipants extinguish Cigarettes locally and nationwide 
By R.mlne Bahrambegl 
Staff Writer 

Each year, 157,000 new cases of lung cancer, 
which primarily stem from smolting, are diagnosed 
in the U.S. A lung-cancer victim has an estimated 
five-year chance of survival, regardless of the stage 
the disease is first diagnosed. 

Although the survival rate is better when the 
cancer is detected early, only 21 percent oflung 
cancers are actually detected. And despite medical 
advancements in the treatment of many forms of 
cancer, lung cancer is still difficult to treat. 
Therefore, efforts to combat lung cancer lie in its 
prevention. 

The American Cancer Society acknowledges the 
importance of prevention; it sponsers the Great 
American Smokeout, a nation-wide event, held 
annually on the third Thursday of November. 

Falling on Nov. 15 this year, the smokeout 
encourages smokers to break from their cigarette 
for 24 hours to prove to themselves that they can 
quit their habit. 

Oue to the addictive nature of nicotine, 
withdrawal from it for 24 hours is a strenous ordeal 
for smokers. But this period is considered a cruciaJ 
step towards a complete withdrawal from smoking. 

Health Education Coordinator Dalynn T . 

Proffitt , who is coordinating smokeout events on 
campus, hopes to see fewer people smoking or 
using other tobacco products at UCSO. Resident 
deans, residents advisors (RAs), deans ' office 
staffers, EDNA, Alcohol & Substance Abuse peer 
counselors, and Student Health Services will all 
boost the Smokeout effort on campus. 

"We provide information and some materials to 
help [with the smokeout], but non-smokers supply 
the winning ingredient by showing their friends 
who smoke that they're concerned and willing to 
lend support," Proffitt said. 

The Anlerican Cancer Society encourages non-
smokers to "adopt" a smoker friend and offer 
support throughout the day . Friends may help by 
making the smoker's day as light-hearted and fun as 
possible. Preaching and colding, however, are 
cons ide red counter-productive. 

A brochure put out by the American Cancer 
Society suggested that the "adopted" friend "agree 
to give up something lhal you dearly love, such as 
chocolate, soap operas, alcohol, coffee, soda pop, or 
candy bars for the day while your friend gives up 
smoking. It will show great support on your part." 

Other suggestions from the American Cancer 
Society include providing the smoker with a 
survival kit of carrot and celery tick, sugarles 

o Hide all ashtrays, matches, 
etc. 
o Lay in a supply of sugarless 
gum, carrot sticks, etc. 
• Drink lots of liquids, but pass 
up coffee and alcohol. 
o Tell everyone you're quitting for the day. 
o When the urge to smoke hits, take a deep 
breath, hold it for 10 seconds, and release 
it slowly. 
o Excercise to relieve the tension. 
• Try the "buddy system" by asking a friend 
to quit, too. 

Source: UCSD Student Health Service 

gum, candy, pencils, and straws to chew on. 
Sending ballons or flowers may also encourage the 
smoker not to smok.e. 

The brochure also advi ed, "At the end of the 
day, say 'Congratulations!' Then tell your friend 
that in just six more days his or her body could be 
cleansed of nicotine, and he or she hould be on the 
way to complete freedom from tobacco." 

See SMOKE, Page 15 



-~-~---............. -. .-....... --"'---.. ---~ 

10 FEATURES 

Watchdogs 
Q!J~e Night 
Staff Writer 

UCSD changes after darlc. The campus, which often seems 
filled during the day, can be an eerie, isolated place at nighL The 
dwindling eucalyprus groves become endless forests where the 
rustle of the leaves can sound like footsteps, or anything else your 
imagination decides. 

After a long night at the library, the thought of walking across 
campus alone, back to one's donn or car, may be daunting to some 
people. II is also unnecessary. A CSO (Community Service 
Officer) escon is just a phone call away. 

The CSO program began in the mid-'70s as "Joe's Escort 
Service." A Revelle sruden!, who lived in what are commonly 
referred to as the "mudhuts," Oper'dted the service out of his dorm 
room with the help of other residents. 

Joe, whose surname is unknown, graduated, but his escon 
service Ilved on. The UCSD police saw the need for such a 
program and took over shortly after loe left. 

Every UC campus has an escort service, and UCSD's is 
heavily emphasized, according to eso Program Coordinator Beth 
Avilla Each of the seven to 12 esOs working on a given night 
typically escons 15 to 20 srudents to various on-<:ampus locations. 

But the work done by CSOs is not restricted to the escon 
service. During the day they patrol the campus, especially the 
parking lots, looking for suspicious activity. The imponanceof this 
facet of the CSO's job has recently increased because of the recent 
rash of computer and car thefts on campus. 

Avilla states that the main purpose of CSOs is as a visual 
deterrent to crime. Whereas there are only fWO to three police 
officers on duty at a time who must handle all of the crime repons 
on campus, CSOs patrol on their bicycles and can cover larger 
areas. 

esOs alen the police when they notice suspicious activity, such 
as a car theft. Mike Barraclough, a Third College junior in his first 
quarter as a CSO, Staled that "the main role of CSOs is to be an 
extension of the police, an extension of their eyes and ears." 

Other eso duties include responding to any on-campus 
emergencies, and serving as building security on weekends and 
holidays. Avilla says that because esOs are already out in the field 
and on bicycles, they are usually the flfSt one on the scene at any 
on-campus emergency. 

esOs are hired at the beginning of every quarter. Avilla usually 
receives about 1 applications for 10 to 25 open positions. 

The hiring process includes interviews and a background 
check. The background check, which includes calling fonner 
employers, occurs, Avilla said, because esos are entrusted with 
the keys to all campus buildings. She stated that "there is virtually 
no building on campu~ that they don 't have access to." 

Barraclough was prompted to become a eso after his c usin 
was attacked on the USC campus. 

"J figured it was a chance to make a difference," he said. 
Newly-hired CSOS are paid $5.70 an hour with a raise after two 

quarters. They undergo extensive training, which includes classe.-. 
on how to identify stolen cars, recognizing "suspicious" activity, 

.. ................ _--, 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 12, 1990 

Photogr8phs by Brian Morris/Guardian 

flfSt aid, escort procedures, police radio use, and building lock-up 
procedures. Also, CSOS usually take a cardiopobmmary resuscita-
tion course within their first few months on the job. 

Currently, there are 53 esOs, including six women. 
Avilla said that in the past, the CSO program had been criticized 

for not hiring more women. She attributes this shonage to the 
shortage of women applying to the program. Fewer than 10 percent 
of the applications received are from women. 

Avilla said that there has been very little resistence to women 
CSOS from students, and that what little resistence there was has 
dwindled as more women were hired 

"The phi.lo~phy of the CSO program i the buddy sy~1em," said 
Avilla "It is meant 10 be non-<:onfrontational with emphasis on 
avoiding problems." 

CSOs do not carry weapons. 1lleir most powerful tool, according 
to Avilla, is their radio. 

The CSO program is funded through the crime prevention unit of 
the police department and through the parking office. CSOs do have 
the authority to write parking tickets, but A villa says that this is at 
their own discretion; their emphasis on tiCket-writing is for cars 
parked in handicapped spaces without the proper permits. 

A eso can be contacted by dialing 534-W ALK ( 4-WALK from 
any on-campus Fricsson phone). 

, , 

Monday, October 8, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Collegiate Crossword 

@Edward Julius Collegiate CW8801 

ACROSS 
- Street 

7 Circumferences 
13 Regulated system 

of di et 
14 The Four -
16 Doting on 
17 11eantime 
18 London art gallery 
19 Car-window items 
21 "All About - " 
22 Mr . Whi tney 
23 Taboo 
24 Pitcher Hershiser 
25 Actress Hartman 
27 Lupino and Cantor 
28 Comi cal 
29 Fills to excess 
31 Does 1 awn ~ork . 
32 "Monopoly" square 
34 Valley 
35 Languid 
39 Brazilian seaport 
41 Openin9 
42 "Mid night - '. 
43 Goddess of dis-

cord 

44 Cube root of 729 
45 li My boy " 
46 College course 
47 Miss Mac Kenzie 
49 Other: Sp. 
50 Mad s cramb 1 e 
52 Periodic table 

item 
54 Candidate for a 

Kleenex 
55 Hadri d men 
56 Laundry appli-

ances 
57 - fiddle 

DOWN 

Jl Bull fighters 
12 Haye a runny nose 
13 Badger like ani mals 
15 Sn; ff 
20 Sho re 
24 Creator of Winston 

Sm; th 
26 Theatre parts 
27 2 ,000 1 bs . (2 wds.) 
28 Word 0 f war n; ng 
30 Attention-getter 
31 Thi n fog 
33 Du 11 
34 Brilliancy 
36 American airline 
37 Disda i ned 
38 French law bodi es 

Scot t Joplin's city 39 NFL team 
2 Conceited person 40 A fool's -
3 "Your majesty" 41 Sta irway parts 
4 Fr ench friend 44 More ki nd 
5 Repai r 47 Stare 
6 Produce 48 Robert -
7 Chinese, e .g. 49 Mely ill e book 
8 The Wi zud of - 51 " The Bridge of San 

Pa rk Lu is --" 
9 - in the belfry 53 Business letter 

10 British suffix abbreyiation 

Answers on page 15 

The Answering Machine By Christina Huizar and Jeffrey Yamaguchi 
Hi. This is Kelly. I wish J could "rYe my 
counuy ... Serv. each and eyery citizen toast 
and coffee for breakf."t eyery morning. 

.... -----. 

BEEEEEEP! 

Kelly. this is Gordon. Why haven 't you 
called me back? This is a serious crisis. 
THE PRESIDE T HAS LOST HIS 
BUGLE. Now giYe me a callas soon as 
you get in. 

OUR REPUTATION OPENS THE WORLD To ENGINEERS 
A s a matof \\otIJwIJt.' C'n";IIl('t' fI06 firm, tht· R •• lph \1 ParsonsCom~ 
pany ha .. ('<, lilbli"h ... oJ ,1 ~lI.,d fcput.llHm fnr bUilding some or the world 's 
m ust d \ n.lnll [, .lnd (hallcnKtn~ PrIIlt'\. b 

QUI' pwlt'~ .. b llff~r pmf(·~.!Iltm.,b.1 \0, 1\1(> r.'ng~ of c,-'l11plc)"ltV, dl\"COJl ty. ,lnd 
l<Xi'hon - from a milt'lr .urp"lf' In ""ilh,t. Arlltohl h) n~"lntctl' M'\ mandSf'-
Ill,'nt ft l, Lu .. An~d" ... ' S31·bd lhln \1t'lt" Relil Rapid Tr.ln <"l t "', .. tt'm 

i\ nJ nur o"'(I'rn, .10' lU .. t .1<, ~lnlM I - from proJt,.'Cts that ha mill' \' Ital 
l.'m Irnnlllt.' nt,ll 1U'\"lI"i hl.l' thl' (rl'.lIment llf haolarduus cllld nud e .. r wol"te 
rn'l..lmt,tu..,tudll"'llf) the Ad\ .u~l.'ll uUrK.hsyst ... m fort~ nel(IKener~h\~n 
"f I,l r';l.'-r-n I,lllt! '1",Kt· I,lunt.h \ l·h.cil":!t. 

Sll~ lQ+.l , tlUrpr,'tt."-h ."~llX'tlrll' h.",ead".mced ('Iurworld·~ca p"bilitics. 
In the proc{ .... ~ \H'\(' d"\l' lnp<'t~ .10 IInlimift't.! wnrld of OPPO"'lumt~ for 
Fngil'lC£ring prllfl .... ~IOfl.ll, In thl.' IlIlhl\\ 1Il~ 'h:-t.lrllnt-.... Ctwrnl .d . LI\ II. 
Electric:al. Mt.-'-'c hamc.11. '\Jutl",lr, ~trUl .. tu r.11. ,mll I rpl\'\l Contro ls 

Wec(fer a compcht.vt",lolr\ lint.! t>.,'nl'jll" f'1' ""'~'" 1I,,,l udlngan [mrloy~' 
St '" OWTwrshlp PI,II) ()ur lln-\,lI"pu" mh.'r\ll'\\' .Ire h«Iuled for 
Thursda),. ",'C'mber 1 C;, 144(1 .,nd ,m mhlrm,lhnn ..... "6104' will bt> held 1m 

Wedn('sd ilV, Nowm~'r 1-1 l"Ntl "'-.'l'\uur PI,"'.-l' I1\t.'IlI{lfh(l,fnrdctalb Ihl' 
Rillph M. Par-.c"n, C. Ilm p .lll\ II)() \\t' ''' ,,\ .1lnut "'trl.'\"t, Pa~rll'n., 

altfomla 91 124 

PARSDNS 
Pride In Performance 
I:.qual OpporluOily Employer 

FEATURES 11 

FREE FRIES 
Brmg thiS ad on '{o~r :lex! VIS.! ane ~ecelve one order o~ 

American Fries FREE when you order an Ongmal or a : 12 

DELMAR 
The authentic Hamburger /Malt Shop 

• Hamburgers • American Fries • Ch1l1 
• Sandwiches • Pies • Malts • Shakes • Floats 

Now Near Your Campus 
Del Mar Plaza - Street Level 1555 Comino Del Mar. 755-1954 

Sun.-Thurs. 11-10 • Fri. & Sat. II·Midnight 

Robert's Auto 
German, Swedish 
Japanese Service 

• All Work Fully Guaranteed 
• Factory-Trained Specialists 

(619)275-1132 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 

• 

4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

---------------------

10% OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

"Except molar and transmiuwn ouerhaul. Notualid with any other coupon. 

ACHIEVE YOUR BEST 
IN 

ACTU ARIAL SCIENCE 
JOIN US FOR OUR VIDEO 

PRESENT A nON AND REFRESHMENTS 
Tuesday, November 13, 1990 

4:00·6:00 p.m. 
Price Center 

San Francisco/ Santa Cruz Room 
Get off to a great start in a rapidly growing profession with one of the leaders in the 
financial services industry - T raruamerica Life Companies. 

We offer our acruaries numerous opporrunities to move throughout the company. 
Our intensive training includes two programs that will teach you to develop, price, 
market and report the financial results of a variety of produ ts in a proflt-motivated 
environment: 

Full· Time - Requires a strong math background and the successful completion of 
a minimum of two or more acruarial examinations. 

Summer - Designed to give students, usually college sophomores or juniors. an 
overvteW of the insurance industry through han~n work expcrience. Requires 
the successful completion of a minimum of one acruarial examination. 

At T ransamerica Life Companies, you'll find all the growth, opportunities and 
challenges you need 10 achieve your professional best. In rerum for your expcrnsc, 
we provide a competitive salary and an individually-cusromized benefits package. 

1. TRANSAMERlCA 
Life Companies 

WOKKINGTOGEl H£RI THEBESTPOU .Y 
w~ ~lfessiycly SUPf"Ort equal o r pvrtUnlty and affinnaClv~ action . 

Women anJ mlnontl~ re ",onel'" en..:our~ to apply . 
.. n. h .. o mok.·Freeworkpl ... e:· 



12 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian 

The Gear Daddies, from left to right: Nick Ciola, Billy Dankert, Martin Zellar, Randy Broughten. 

Cowpunks on the Rise 
• Minneapolis-based band to open for Soul Asylum 
By Gary Pierce 
Guardian Reporter 

The Gear Daddies are another 
in the tradition of great Minneapo-
lis rock bands. They playa broad 
range of rock with a strong country 
influence. Having just released 
Billy's Live Bait. their major label 
debutonPolydorRecords, the Gear 
Daddies - vocalist/guitarist 
Martin ZeJlar, guitarist Randy 
Broughten, bassist ick Ciola,and 
drummer Billy Dankert - will be 
opening for Soul Asylum on 
Wednesday night atthe Triton Pub. 

The Guardian spoke with lead 
vocali t and guitarist Zellar, the 
creative force in the Gear Daddies, 
last week in a telephone interview 
as he embarked on the band's tour. 

Guardian : How long have you 
guys been playing together? 

Martin Zellar: We started 
playing in Austin [Minnesota) 
during high school - covers at 
parties for the most part - but we 
got together up in Minneapolis 
about five years ago. That 's when 
Randy [guitarist) joined full time. 

G: Austin, from your songs, 
seems like a pretty depressing 
place. 

MZ: (laughs) Yeah, it is that. 
After the [Honnel meat packing 
plant) strike, it was pretty bitler, 
but even before there wasn't much 
to do, JUSt drink and fight. Pretty 
bad, huh? 

G: Watching the Hormel strike 
tear the town apart must've been 

sad. 
MZ: I left a year before it started 

but went back a lot. Yeah, it was 
sad. Some people left town but 
even when the jobs weren ' t there 
most people still didn 'tleave, they 
were so deeply rooted there. 

G: OK, let 's change the sub-
ject. There is a real country influ-
ence in your work - where did 
that come from? 

MZ: In Austin there were only 
two radio stations, a country one 
and an AOR [album oriented ra-
diol and you know what that 's 

" It took a while to 
realize that liking 
country doesn't make 
you a hick." 

- Martin Zellar, 
Gear Daddies guitarist 

like. (laughs) But it took a while to 
realize that liking country doesn't 
make you a hick. 

G: You guys have the reputa-
tion of being a real crowd-pleas ing 
band. Do you work at that? 

MZ: Well yeah I guess, but 
that's 'cause in Austin you have to 
play to the crowd. If you have that 
'fuck you ' attitude - 'This is our 
music, if you like it great, if you 
don't who cares' - you'll never 
play anywhere. So that's in the 
back of your mind, playing to the 
crowd. 

G: Have you ever been disap-

pointed in your performance? 
MZ: There's no way not to 

sometimes. I think we 're good 
enough musicians now so that we 
won ' t, you know, suck. But since 
our music is so emotion-heavy, 
sometimes when the emotion isn ' t 
there, well we're not at our best 

G: What are you most proud 
of? 

MZ: Wow, I don ' t know. I 
guess just that I get to play all the 
time, get paid for it , and some 
people really seem to like it. 

G: Is Ihe band a band, or is it 
Marlin ZeJlar and the Gear Dad-
dies? 

MZ: Definitely a band. We all 
bring something to the band. 

G: What is it like playing way 
out here in Southern California as 
opposed to your home turf? 

MZ: We're pretty well-known 
in the five-state area [the upper 
Mid West), and we usually get a 
good crowd there. Out away, it's a 
little scarier 'cause eight people 
might show up, so you take less 
chances, play what you know. 

G: So, are you going to be a 
star? 

MZ: (laughs) Yeah, right. 
What: The Gear Daddie& and 
Soul Asylum 
Where: Triton Pub 
When: Wed., Nov. 14, 8 p.m. 
Tickets: Students $11 , G.,... 
$13, $1 more day of show. 
UCSD Box Offie&(534-4559) or 
TicketMaster (278· TIXS). 

,-------------------------------1 

i SOU~ ASYLU.M EA~V CONJEST 
i • win • win • win • win • 
I What you have to do: ~ fD) ~ ~ 
I Submit this form to the lJ tfu l£ l£ 
I envelope in the front 
I room of the Guardian 
I offices, 2nd Floor 
I Student Center. 
I 
I 
I 
I 

NAME: ______ _ 
PHONE: _____ _ 
SIGN: _____ _ 

What's for grabs: 
• And the Horse They 
Rode In On CDs 
• "Easy Street" CD singles 
• "Easy Street"/"One Way 
Conversation" vinyl 12" 

I Favorite Brady: • posters Your chances 0' Winning her. are better than the LoHery. And your scnool WIns 1001 L _______________________________ ~ 

TS & ENTERTAINMENT 
Monday, November 12, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Prince Reigns Over 
Cinema ... Kind of 
• His latest musical attempts to 
bridge the gap between music 
video and full-length feature film 
By Mike Martinez 
Senior Staff Writer 

Long before Spike Lee and " In 
Living Color," Prince 's music 

it's weaker in plot and character 
than its predecessor, "Purple 
Rain." And as music, it's Prince 
at his most imaginative and dar-

made black culture accessible to ing. 
all the Kim ------.....;;----
Basingers of the 
world- that is, 
nOI as st rictly 
black culture but 
as mainstream 
popular culture. 

Prince's lat-
est musical, 
" Graffiti 
Bridge," could 
be viewed from 
a variety of 
angles - as pop 
culture, as cin-
ema, as sequel, 
or as music. 

, 'As pop culture, it's 
too soon to tell if 
'Graffiti Bridge' will 
endure. As a sequel, 
it is weaker in plot 
and character than 
'Purple Rain.' And as 
music, it's Prince at 
his most imaginative 
and daring." 

With the ad-
ventofMTVin 
the past decade, 
it was inevi-
table that the 
rock video 
would evolve 
into an art fonn 
in its own right. 

Certainly 
Michael Jack-
son 's "Thriller" 
and others ex-
panded the 
reaches of the 

As pop culture, it's too soon to 
tell if it will endure. As cinema, 
it's more rock video than an exer-
cise in film-making. As a sequel. 

music video -
from on-stage vamping to mini-
film, the video plays with themes, 
motivation. expressionist light-
ing, and other cinematic nuances. 

Nowadays, a video expanded 

numbers such as "Thieves in 
Ih e Temple" and " Still 
Would Stand All Time" 
which are deeper, almost a l-
legorical. 

The hammy Day chews 
up the mosl scenery, except 
for the scenes his sidekick 
Jerome Benton steals. Their 
sense of fun(k) livens up the 
proceedings, as do appear-
ances by veterans such as 
gospel diva Mavis Staples 
and funkmaster George 
Clinton. 

Young Tevin Campbell , 
a Quincy Jones protege, rep-
resents the future; his clear, 
soaring tenor is reminiscent 
of the young Michael Jack-
son. Rappers T.e. Ellis and 
Robin Power complete this 
smorgasbord of musical 
tastes. 

New actress In gri d 
Chavez, playing an angel 
named Aura who guides Kid, 
is the first Prince heroine 
whose beauty is more at 
home in Vogue than in the 
pages of Playboy, and in fact, 
her performance seems more 

Prince reprises his ·Purple Rain" role as "The Kid" in "Graffiti Bridge." suited for an Obsession ad. 

to feature-length can become a 
movie, a film. In that context, 
"Graffiti Bridge" is one of the 
great rock musicals of all time. 

"Graffiti Bridge" is set in a 
modem version of the Seven Cor-
ners district, where the hip set 
gathered in ] 950s Minneapolis. 
The story is a stripped-down 
variation of the Faustian Soul vs. 
Wallet. 

Prince, who reprises his "Purple 
Rain" role as "The Kid," operates 
a nightclub called the Glam Slam, 
where the house band rocks on the 
spiritual side. Kid's panner, Morris 
Day, runs the Pandemonium Club, 
where the themes are mostly van-
ity, greed, and sex. Naturally, 
Morris is making money, and 
Prince is not. We have Prince vs. 
Morris, art vs. commerce, good vs. 
evil. 

Upon this simple premise, 
Prince grafts a succession of musi-
cal vignettes that reflect this con-
flict. The music, solid throughout, 
is the best Prince has ever made. 

Morris and his band, The Time, 
are featured on hedonistic dance 
stuff such as "Shake" and "The 
Latest Fashion," while Prince plays 

As usual , Prince's emo-
tion consists of sly glances and 
contradictions. He originally in-
tended to ftlm "Bridge" strictly as 
a vehicle for The Time; his rather 
detached role seems written in as 
an afterthought. 

But this video ... er ftlm, isn't 
about plot or acting. It's a natural 
stylistic progression from the 
Busby Berkeley all-star musicals 
of the 1930s. Those plots, too, 
were threadbare, but featured lots 
of dancing, seams-showing musi-
cal transitions, and turns from the 
pop stars of the day. 

The scores were usually com-
posed by the likes of George 
Gershwin. Imagine Gershwin as 

. total auteur - writer, director, 
composer - and you get some 
idea of what Prince has undertaken 
here. 

"Graffiti Bridge" is in the ser-
vice of history . Like Woodstock, it 
will serve as a time capsule for the 
popular culture of the day from the 
moment it hits the video shelf. 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 13 

Mark Uptergrove/Guardian 

Judas Priest - Killer Show 
• There's nothing subliminal about banging your 
head at a concert, just don't blowout your brain 
By Derek Schaible 
Guardian Reporter 

Last Saturday ' s show at the SporlS 
arena could easily have been billed as 
"The San Diego Headbanger's Ball." 
With opening bands Testament and 
Megadeath, the conert rocked with the 
sights, sounds, and explosions of heavy 
metal legend Judas Priest. 

Despite recent inadvertent public-
ity in the press over subliminal mes-
sages which allegedly resulted in the 
suicide of two Nevada boys, Priest 
played the infamous song. "Better By 
You, Better Than Me," off their 1978 
album, Stained Class. Lead singer Rob 
Halford stated at theconcerl, "It'soaly 
a ballad, nothing more." 

The show provided a powerful dis-
play of headbanger fundamentals. 
Riding onto the stage straddling a 
Harley, Halford began screeching oul 
the lyrics to "The Hellion ... The band 
combined an elaborate chrome back-
ground with extensive pyrotechnics to 
accentuate their already amazing light 
show. The crowd ate it up. 

Ranging from young adolescents to 
groups of middle-aged bikers, the audi-
ence banged their heads right along 
with the bands. Overall, it was a more-
hair-for-your-dollar kind of crowd with 
lots of leather - the kind of crowd 
where you lived in constant fear of 
someone pointing in your direction and 
yelling, "Gel him!" 

Unlike the trendy Jane's Addiction 
concert, this event maintained order 
among the crowd. There were as many 
securily people, including several SDPD 
cars and officers in the parking 101, as 
there were audience members. Con-
trary 10 preconceived notions of metal 
crowds, there was apparently minimal 
drug usage in the audience. 

Despite the recent court trials re-
garding subliminal messages within the 
band's music, their concert proved to be 
awesome - backwards or forwards. 
The Priest continues to crank out the old 
slyle metal without breaking stride. 
However, a word of advice to the Priest 
fan-don't be left alone ina room with 
a loaded g un after the concert. 

Bob's Your Uncle played at the TG last Friday. The Canadian band's 
name is a British phrase meaning "everything's going to be OK. 



HOT STUFF 
DOII'T MISS THISI IT'S TOO HOT TO HAIIDLII 
TIPSY TAXI for a safe ride IlOme call 234-6161 
FREE AIRPORT & AMTRAK SHUTTLE for the TIIanks-
giving and Xmas holidays. Call 534-RlDE for more 
information and reservation (call ASAP) 

E ents ••• 
AS COUNCIL MEETING 

NOVEMBER 14, 1990 at 630pm 
NEW LOCATIO : The Cove, Price Center 

Everyone is welcome to attend. Nov 21 there will not be meeting. 

ARMENIA STUDENTS MEETING 
ovember 14, 1990 at 8pm 

Price Center. Santa Barbara! LA Room 
Come share your ArmeniDn Spirit and pride with Armenianfriends. 

FREE MOVIE: "A Rustling of Leaves" 
ovember 16, 1990 at 7pm 

3rd College, SLH, Room 107 
Committee for World Democracy Film Series - everyone is welcome! 

Pre-Dental Club Meeting 
November 13, 1990 at 7pm 
San Francisco/ San Cruz room, 3rd Floor Price Center 

Includes presentation by a local Dentist 

LGBA General Meeting 
November 13, 1990 at 4pm 
LGBA's office. Student Center 

Non-sexist dance at the Che Cafe on November 17 at 9pm 

Phi Class Jog-a-Thon 
ovember 17. 1990 - noon 

UCSDCAMPUS 
Money from the event will be given to tile March of Dimes 

AS Public Relations Meeting 
ovember 13. 1990 at I pm 

3rd Floor at Price Center 
Do you want to help with the PR on campus ... then come and get involved! 

Warren TG: Swanky Mofos 
!\ovember 16. 1990 at 4pm 
Warren Apt. Common~ 

FREE Refreshments! 

UCSD Croquet Club 
November 13. 1990 at 2pm 
San Francisco and San Cruz Rooms 

First meeting, so come and join us. 

Poetry reading 
November 13, 1990 at 4pm 
Grove Cafe. 

For more information call 755-3943. 

Chancellors Forum 
January 31, 1990 at 330pm 
Price Center, Gallery A 

Come and discuss with our Chancellor upcoming events. 

MacWave - Macintosh Student User Group Meeting 
ovember 28, 1990 at 2pm 
ew location: Mac's Place 

Come and be a part of this new organization. 

MOVIE: DICK TRACY 
November 15 & 17, 1990 at 63Opm, 9pm. 1130pm 
Price Center TheaterTickets available in advance at the Box Office or 

before show a the door. ONLY $1.00! 

Insi hts ••. 
Third College Commuter Activities Board 

Breakfast for 50 cents 
Thursday at 730am 
under "La casa" 
Contact Sandy, Jeff, or Becki at 534-4390 for more infomlation 

Warren Representatives are NEEDED! 
Elections, 1991 Leadership Conference, Cultural Connection, Registration Fee 

Committee representatives are needed. 
Call Warren Dean's Office for more information. 

WANTED Yearbook Revelle Staff persons 
Get invol ved at the meeting 
November 13, 1990 at 53Opm, Price Center, 2nd Floor room 413 
Call 534-7491 or 558-4576 for more information. 

Habitat for Humanity 
Interested in building house for the homeless in Mexico? 
November 10, and 17 1990 
Call 554-3465 

Airband Contest 
What to lip Sync and have fun in front of your friends? 
November 20, 1990 at 830pm 
Revelle Cafeteria 
Sign up at the Revelle Provost's office 

THANK YOU: Special Olympics Sports-a-Thon 
Thank you to the student organizations who contributed the most to the Special 

Olympics Spons-a-Thon. ASUCSD Council, 5th college, Volunteer Connection. Your 
generosity is appreciated. 

VSA Pool Tournament 
Open to all a students - November 16. 
General Meeting: November 21 at 6p'm; will be discuss ing ski trip. 

Amnesty International 
November 13, 1990 at 6pm 
Grove - all are welcome- call 792-8412 

Victims of Drinking and Driving 
November 15, 1990 at 1230pm in Mui r Quad 
Ev~ryone is welcome. 

A$U(SD flHOGft/\MMIN(. Pltl\[",",I, 

AS NEWSFLASHES is produced by the Associaled Stlldents ofUCSD. To have an advertisement 
placed in AS NEWSFLASHES,lhere is a drop box to the left of the Public Relations office, lrd 
noor. Ad vertise ment is subject to availability of space. Deadline is every Wednesday at noon 
for the following Monday paper. 
All advertisements subject to approval by PR Committee. For more information contact 

AS Commissioner of Public at 534-4450. 

Monday, November 12, 1990 

SMOKE 
Continued from page 9 

Ano ther pa rt o f the Great 
American Smokeout is the "B uddy 
Sy tem." Smokersareencouraged 
to ask a friend who smokes to quit 
with them. 

Proffitt pointed out the hann of 
sec ond-hand s m oke to non-
smokers. 

"Smokers need to be persistent, 
and at the same time keep in mind 
that non-smoke rs have the right to 
breathe clean air, free from hann-
ful and irritating tobacco smoke," 
she said. 

To emphasize that cigarette 
smoking should not be the only 
habit to control during the 
smokeout, Proffitt said, "Smoke-
less tobacco users should be very 
much a part of the smokeout as 
well . Many people wrongfully 
consider chewing tobacco as a safe 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral students (64-91%), alter 
completing their course WOI1\. remain wnh 
a dissertation pending completion indefi· 
nltely. Among these ABDs (AJI·B:1-Ihe· 
Dissertation) are generally found the 
brightest and most creative candidates. 
Addressing those elements Involved in de-
laying completion. the workshop guides 
panicipants, from beginning to following 
through and co~letion. panicularly alter 
years 01 inactivity and regardless of where 
they are in the process. 

WOfilshop information 
985-0426 

Poslgraduate Group 

alternative to smoking. [Yet] there 
is strong scientific evidence link-
ing chewing tobacco to oral cancer 
as well as many other oral dis-
eases." 

According to the U.S. Depart-
ment of Health and Human Ser-
vices, most people who smoke 

Christian Books, Bibles, Gifts, 
Cards, Music, Church Supplies 

1 ~1 STUDENT ~ lO DISCOUNT 
with thlssd 

6904 Miramar Rd. #210 
San Diego, CA 92121 
(619)586-7818 

....... ~ •• ,. .... !t •• __ .."........ .."' .... ,. .. __ •• 

The UCSD Guardian 

would like to quit. Those who suc-
ceed in quitting are rewarded; 10 
years after quitting, the death rate 
for fonner smokers is approxi-
mately the same for those who 
have never smoked at all. 

'The U.S. Surgeon General em-
phasizes the importance of quit-

NEW CLIENTS 
ONLY 

• Full Set .. ... .... .... ..... $16.95 
• Fills .................. ..... . $10.95 
• Pedicure .......... .... .. $10,95 
• Manicure ........... ..... . $5.95 

UlW GImoI A .... __ ("" ...... "'_) 

"[By adopti ng a 
smoker], non-smokers 
supply the winning in-
gredient by showing 
their friends who 
smoke that they're 
concerned and willing 
to lend support." 

- Dalynn Proffitt, health 
education coordinator 

ting smoking : It is estimated that 
between 1964 and 1985. approxi-
mately 750,000 smoking-related 
deaths were avoided or postpOned 
as a result of decisions to avoid 
smoking. 

As the American Cancer Soci-
ety said, "Leave the pack behind ... 
the third Thursday of November ... 

FEATURES 15 

Answers to this 
week's puzzle on 

page 11 

Guardian features 
writers! 

If you've written an article 
for the features section and 
have already been hired, 
please come into the Guardian 
office to s ign a time sheet. For 
more information , call 534-
6580. 

VOIed -_1aotIng yogull_ln .... _ ttanaIe" 
-Metropoiton magazine. June 1990 ~T"'te l est 

•••• • ••••••••••••••••••• ~2 for 1 ~:!!= ~ ~ 
• 1-value FR~EI 1!Ii!iJI.. 
· ~ . • La Jolla Colony 7770 Regents Rd .. # 108 (In me Vons Shopping Center) 11 om-l0pm SI.n.ThuB.: • 
• One coupon petcusrorr-. Expires 1I11 8/9C II am-II pmfrl.4 Sat. • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

~{f)[P ~[R{~ (L 
[Q)[§$~(@[N] rn~ 
~©[N]~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

0-90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

• Tweeds • B.U.M. Equipment 
• Big Dog • Limited Express 
rl0~--OFFl rWEEKiy-sptC"jA~ 
I w1~thlsad, I I SHORTS I 
I Cash purchases only. I I $500 eac h I I L Exp. 11 / 19/90. .J L • 
---------- - _________ .J 
Wed.-Sat. llam-6pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5pm 

• APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE • 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 

Miramar, California 
(619)-450-3323 



16 

) 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 12, 1990 

Just a reminder from all of us at Health Net. Because if youre ready 
to start taking better care of yourself, we're ready to help you get started. 

[!]~~!!Il!a~~!® 
AI'"i1ahle 10 group,( offifty or more For more i'l/ormalion.please ClIII your insurance hro/..er (II' I/eallh Nel 01619-183·7010. 

, 

Monday, November 12, 1990 

w. POLO 
Continued from page 24 

Late in the second overtime 
period. the Tri tons had a chance to 
clinch their ninth consec uti ve 
WWP A Championship game after 
gaining a man-up advantage. 

The Tritons' season-long in-
ability to takeadvanrageofsix-on-
five situations - UCSD was only 
two for nine in the game - came 
back. to haunt them again. 

They passed up a number of 
shot opportunities. and were un-
able to get a shot on goal before the 
period ended. 

Two and a half minutes into 
sudden death the Triton's WWP A 
reign came to an end. CSULA 
scored the game winner to send 
UCSD reeling into the consolation 
game. 

Tritons recovered to dominate UC 
Davis. They scored five of the firs t 
six goals, and held a 9-3 lead early 
in the fourth quarter. 

With the game in hand, Harper 
was able to put in his reserves. The 
Aggies scored five goals in "gar-
bage time" to make the game re-
spectable. 

Daniel Keller led the Tritons 
with three goals. Seelhorst and 
Vance both added two to the Tri-
ton attack. 

Although the tournament was 
something of a disappointment for 
the Tritons, they did place four 
players on the all-tournament team. 
Vance was named to the flTSt team. 
Seelhorst was named to the second 
team, and goalie Andy Bruce and 
Shatz were both selected as honor-
able mentions. 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 17 

"The game against CSULA was 
one of the most incredible I've 
ever seen. It's a shame someone 
had to lose," Harper said. 

In any adler year, a tbird-place 
finish would amount to something 
of an embarrassment for the Tri-
toDS. 

BrIM MorrIaIGuwcfan 
Head Coach Denny Harper and the Tritons were mystified by CSULA for the third time this year. 

Seelhorst and Kevin Vance led 
the Triton offense with three goals 
apiece, and Mike Shatz added two 
goals to keep the game close. 

This, however, is not any other 
year, and the Tritons almost have 
to be satisfied with their perfor-
mance. 

WWP A championship team, filled 
the pool with youth, struggling all 
year to gain some consistency. At 
one point early in the season, they 
lost 14 gamesinaIOw. On the year, 
UCSD only managed two wins on In the third-place match, the 

The Tritons (9-23), who re-
turned no slarters from last year's 

GA. 
MEEr THE FuTURE 

OF CRFATIVE THINKING. 
Amiga doesn't just improve your work. 
It improves your thinking, Just working 
hard isn't enough anymore. Creative thinking 
is what sets winners apart. 

TIle Amiga computer was de· 
signed precisely with that thought 
in mind. It handles routine 
task5, then let I you 
go all the way to 
innovation and 
invention. 
Whatever you can 
imagine, Arniga has the 
power to produce. Easily, 
Its built-in technology is a major 
advanceme[lt in a computer of 
this size and price range. 

With a mouse and simple 
icons, Amiga combines a full color 
display, full stereo sound, graphics, 
3-D animation, Video cap.lbiJity 
and text as no other computer can. 

It ha~ the power to run soft-
ware sophiSticatt't1 enough to 
manipulate vast amount of data, 
as well as the creative geniu!> to 
n ea tl' the lOmpldl'llOre for an 
orlhe\tral mmpmltion 
We deliver today, what 
others promise tomorrow. 
Amlga was Ul" I~ll l'd to keep up 
with vou. from \Choolworl. dl'· 
mand, through CJrlCr need>. 

You'U find other 
people make optional. As well as 
sophisticated technolO!,'Y that 
doesn't exist on comparably 
powered and priced computers. 
Creative educational 
discounts make Amiga 
an easy decision. 
The Amiga Education Purchall' 
Program for colle~'C and universit y 
tudents, facu lty and administra-

tor', offers a wide ran),'C of fully 
loaded, specially bumUed hardware 
sptems, with a complete 1)'Stem 
starting under S 7UO~ All include 
J one year limited warranty and 
,\llllgaVbion:" 
The best way tomw upyour 
own mind is to try Amiga, 
Stor by ,'our Campus ,\uthllrtll'd 

\mi~'l [)e"lcr and get vow hanth 

on the future of computing, 
Sure, some people buy what 's 

tandard. But we think you can 
make up your own mind, and 
(hoo e your own be t course for 
the future. After aU, isn't that what 
college is aU about? 

AMIGA 
THE Cmll'UTlR FOR [HE CREATIVE ~lL 0: (.'c ........ . . 

The Lively Computers 
471 Broadway 

El Cajon, CA 92021 
(619) 588-0902 

I'MIHlrnmu.lo.hHlI '~\ I.),llUh ... II\' ( .. nln.. IIIdlt \ '11I1I1I)\lIlr,11I ' .. "hl'lht.'III'I .... :.llurJ.\ I~ "11 ... ...,.·I' .. n\ ... ,,,,,ltl1\/1 ;;.a""n;c; ... 'n..JII .... n ...... 
,\f\I,mluuJllh \111,* .... 1. Ih\tltl1~pU"'rIlKltk(r\JtI\\\, 1'.Jtr.)<hllUlk " tC rollh'''''''''''' \n~ ll fI' 
O''IM'' 'If)<k t ,I .. r.I'M ~h.oft I\m h.l" I'r .. ,o .•• n ,II '" I' 'JI.I I !I .. ,~ .. nol II, t" r hllll\!'llh_I'" jU JOI 6h' \lIt-tO, II,,) .. n.m \'I,lt" .. ,I, ... I .. , 

the road. 
Still, Harper feels that the tour-

nament was a tremendous learning 
experience in the Tritons ' efforts 
to build the program into a national 
championship contender. 

"We handled this rebuilding 
experience real weU, and we have 
a great foundation. Next year I 
really think we can win the WWPA 
Championship and you will see us 
back in the NCAAs," he said. 

Price Center Gameroom presents: 

Eight Ball 
TournaJDent 

CASH PRIZES FOR THE WINNERS! 

Date: Thursday - November 15, 1990 
Time: 7:00 pm 

I] 



18 SPORTS 

w. V-BALL 
Continued from page 24 
antic , rooting on a hundred or so 
Triton supporters. 

And UCSD was right at home 
on the court, 100, smiling and 
having a generally good lime 
throughout the relaxed match. 

In Saturday night ' s champion-
ship, the Trilons picked up two 
games before the band was even 
tuned up. 

A few power kills here, a few 
aces there, and quile a few 
sprawling Sagehens everywhere 
pointed out the obvious. 

"We just physically outmatched 
them," Dannevik said. 

As protection. though, Danne-
vik still arranged his game plan to 
shut down Pomona's only real 
threat - senior outside hitter 
Joanne Nielsen. 

"We arranged our game plan so 
that our best blocker [Villi Van 
Duyne] was matched up with her 
[Nielsen]," he said. "If she gets 
hot, their whole team gets hot." 

The point was proven in the 
third game, as UCSD opened the 
door for the Sagehens to gain mo-
mentum. 

UNLOCK 
THE DOOR TO 
OPPORTUNITY 

Check out the ReadIng and 
Study Skills Center by 

appoIntment 
or drop In at USB 4010, 

84:30 dally 

FREE FREE FREE 

The UCSD Guardian 

1990 WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL NCAA DIVISION III WEST REGIONAL 

1990 NCAA DIVISION'" WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL BRACKET 
PSWESI REGIONAL CENTHAL REGtONAL 

W~HINGTON (.2) ST. BENEDICT (21-3) 

NOY • 
WASHINGTON {3} ST. BENEDICT 14, HOII.' • , It., .., • 

SIMPSON (H-il 

CAlVIN (. ) S."PSON (e) Ill. BENEDICTINE (28-8) 

NOV. 10 
WASHINGTON (3) Sf BENEDICT (oil) 

NOV. to 
OHIO NORTHERN 13&-4! 
cc.:..!::::...:..:"--__ ----.JI ~IO NORTHER,N (3) ~IT (22· 11 , . 

.." .. 
KAlAMAZOO (3) 

KALAMAZOO (2H) 

EAST REGIONAL 
JUNIATA (_ ) 

WISCONSIN·OSHKOSH (41-4) 
WlS OSHKOSH (5) 

CARTHAGE (34·10, 

-.. ST THOMAS(') 
....... l 

SEMW'INAL HOV.17 SBIIfIHAL 
NO'I . 1' A' HOY. ,. 

ArWAtHlHOTOfj WA.......aTON, ATW.......aTOlll 
S'. lOla, 

--

ST. THOMAS (27-5) 
WEST REGIONAL 

UC SAN D1E'lO (33<1) 

JUNIATA (3) UCSD(3) 
-.. .." . 

CORTI.ANO S1 (32·8) GREENSIIORO (3108) 

MARY WASHINGTON (2i·8) CORTLAND (3) COI.OfW)O (3) '--__ C_0I._ORAOO __ "_2._") 
NOV, " NOV. l' 

JUNIATA. (4) UCSD (3) LAVERNE (,a·, I ) 

esuss ('7·23) 

POM . ...rr2ER (5) STONYBROOI< (.) -.. 
I 

STONYBROOK (3H) 

With the score tied, after teeter-
ing back and forth for several 
sideout series, Nielsen pounded a 
few of her 14 kills down the line 
and sparked her team to the point 
that it actually appeared Pomona 
might win a game and prolong the 
inevitable. Consequently, she 

STRESSED OUT? 
FREE reM!afch sludie, eva lualing 
medications are avai lable 10 people 
suffering from anxiety. Symplom ~ 
incl ude feeli ng nenous. len e. im-
(able. slOInaeh problems. 1I1somnl' . 
mu,ele aches. anrl di fficulty coneen-
If. lIng. SUllable volumeers recei ve 
free mcd lCallom, l.b ICSI • physical; 
and psyclualrlcevaluJlIon\. Eighleen 
or older. plea!>ccaJi Monda} through 
Fnday. 10 a.mA p.m. 

FREE STUDIES ALSO 
AVAILABLE FOR 

DEPRESSION 

554-0100 
0°0°0 hIGII:'\I:R ° 0 RI~ SE'\R(,II 

L..-____ I :-.:~ IIH ' 11. 

sparked a furious verbal outburst 
from Dannevik, who pumped up 
his troops enough to swing things 
back UCSD's direclion after a 
timeout. 

The Tritons wasted little ti mein 
clOSing out the match, earning their 
eighth trip to the final four. 

POMOHA-P1TZER (23-3) 

Dannevik applied that sentiment 
across bolh ofUCSD' s matches-
the other a 15-12, 15-7, 15-13 vic-
tory over Colorado College. 

For the weekend, Liz Vesanovic 
and Van Duyne led the Trilons in 
kills with 26 apiece, fed mostly by 
setter Amy Banachowski . 

Diet 
f ix' 1/ £Il!.u,·/,m l,m!!!>';IJ/ltI!.,: 
Free Consultation. 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 

Daily Diet Tips from 
Diet Center 

459-5979 
7467 CCVIER Coff Pearl) 

1-(900)-990-TInN 
'iSc pcr nun \ 1 10 liN 0110 

Monday, November 12, 1990 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 
ON THE 

TOA 

NATIONAL 
TITLE 

PHOTOS AND GRAPHIC BY 
DANA CHAIKEN 
Freshman setter Amy Bana-
chowski (left) had 34 assists 
and nine digs in the regional 
final against Pomona-Pitzer. 
Junior middle blocker Elizabeth 
Tan (right) had eight kills and 
four digs as UCSD won 15-6, 
15-6, 15-12. 

Additionally, fres hman middle 
blocker Heather Holtzclaw, who 
started Saturday after a st rong 
performance Friday, tallied 12 kills 
without a hitting error. 

By winning just two more 
matches-and claiming UCSD's 
sixth national title - the Triton 
program will have captured more 
thanha1fofthe gold-plated trophies 
offered in the 10 years the NCAA 
has sponsored the championship. 

But first things first, or maybe, 
second things first. 

This weekend at Washington 
University in St. Louis , MO, the 
Tritons will be gunning for the tit!e 
as well as avenging their only Di-
vision III loss in 20 matches. 

That one was a 15-12, 12-15, 
15-6, 15-13 loss 10 the nationally 
top-ranked and defending cham-
pion Bears. 

That is assuming that UCSD 
motors past third-seeded St. 
Benedict's (MN) in the semifinal 
to its seemingly destined rematch 
with Washington. 

"This weekend [regionals] this 
team showed that it has character-
istics of a championship team," 
Dannevik said. "They know what 
il will take." 

Monday, November 12, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

X-COUNTRY 
Continued from page 24 
Occidental, andamereeight points 
ahead of thi rd -place finisher 
Whittier College. 

Before the race, Head Coach 
Mark Stanforth decided to have 
the men run the race as a group, in 
order to save energy for next 
Saturday ' national champion-
hips. 

Stanforth and the Trilons could 
afford to do this because, unlike 
past seasons, the lOp two reams 
from the West Region were guar-
an teed automalic berths in the na-
tional championships, instead of 
having the traditional single west-
ern represental ive. (This additional 
belth for Ihe region came a a re-
~u1t ofUC D finishi ng in the top-
12 in last year's NCAA champi-
onships. ) 

Going mto the meet, Stanforth 
felt Ihat none of the other western 
teams could compere with the 
Tritons for second place in the 
we t, but the Tritons almost came 
all Ihe way bad. to the rest of the 
field as their conservati ve lactics 
resulted in an unusually sluggish 
perfonnance . 

"OUI ~trategy almost lost it [the 
NCAA berth] for us," StanfOt1h 
said . 

From start to finish , the race 
belonged to the Tigers, a they 
dominated the field - their firs t 
five runners all finished in the top 
10 overall-and their number one 
runner, Marcial Beltran, eclipsed 
the course record by 45 seconds, 
finishing in a speedy 26:04. 

No UCSD run nerS placed in the 
top 10 overall. Stefan Wynn was 
the firsl Triton to finish, ending up 
II th in a time of27:36. The Triton 
fie ld was rounded out by Eric 
Kinney (13 th, 27:41),Sam Gwynn 
(19th, 28:06), Mike Fox (20th, 
28:07), and Steve Fenster (23rd, 
28:18). 

Despite the Tritons' narrow 
escape from regionals. Stanforth is 
confident that his team is saving its 
best perfonnance for last, and will 
perfonn admirably at the CAA. 

"If we put it aillogether I really 
believe that we could finish m the 
top 12," Stanforth said. "If we per-
fonn like we can as a group, which 
we havcn ' t quite done [ 0 far this 
eason], we should definitely fin-

ish in th l:: top 20. " 
The women's learn ran a bette r 

race than their male counterparts 
but, paradoxically , have very little 
to show for it. 

Unlikelhemen ' sdiv ision. there 
was only one women's NCAA 
berthavailable forthe West Region, 
forcing the Triton women to have 
to beal anolher highly-regarded 
Occidental squad 

The Tiger proved to be too 
much, taking first place with 39 
poinls, 12 pomts ahead of UCSD. 

Stanforth was proud of hi~ 
team's re~ponsc 10 the Tigers' for-
midable challenge. 

"[The 17Ih-rankedTiger,] were 
solid and very deep," Stanforth 
said. "This was the best race we've 
run all year but, unfortuna lely , we 
didn' t have quite enough 10 get it 

one." 

The Tntons took three of the 
top 10 spot.' a Delli e MacFayden, 
Michelle Con lay, and Karen 
Lungyear hnished lourth, fifth, and 
10lh in times of 18 :20, 18: '1, and 
19:29, re~pectivety .. CD s scor-
Illg was rounded out by Yol • .lIlda 
Torres ( 14th, 19.52) and Kalle 
Jamieson (1 8th, 20: t 2). 

Stanlonh was c"pecldll), happy 

Brian Morr is/Guardian 
Denise McFayden was the only qualifier from the women 's team. 

with the perfonnances of Long year, 
Torres, and lamieson as all Ihree 
rebounded well from a slow tart . 

"All three ofthem made up a lot 
of ground in the last half of the 
race," Stanforth observed. "If it 
[the five-ki lometer race] hadendcd 
afteramile, we wouldhavefinisheQ 
a lot further back [as a team]." 

Even though the women's team 
didn't qualify for the national 
championships, Stanforth believes 
(hat this season's team is stronger 
than the one he look to last year's 

CAAs. 
"There's no doubt in my mind 

Ihat we had a much belter 
[womell ' s] team this season. But, 
' ven 0, 1 don't Ihink there was any 

way we were going to beat Occi-
dental." 

The day wa n 't a total loss for 
the UCSD women as Denise 
MacFayden qualified individually 
for the national championships on 
Ihe strength of placing among the 
lOp three non-Occidental individual 
finishers . Con lay just mi sed 
making the trip to Iowa, finishing 
one place and 12 seconds behind 
MacFayden. 

"Denise has a really good shot 
at making All-American [finishing 
in the top 25 at the CAAsJ," 
Stanforth said. " She finished 29th 
two years ago and has improved 
consistently as the season has 
progres ed ." 

A nei9hborhood hamburger, fries & molt shop in the old style tradition. 

L A ] 
7863 GIRARD AVE. 
comer of Wall & Girard 

o L L A 

456-4001 
.................. _. 

: FREE "ORIGI AL" HAMBURGER: 
• with purcha e of arne I 
: hnn : 
•
1 Special oRer valid Olta Jolla ,lore on Novembe< 12 ~"'. II 

'" 13 be""""n 6 ? m and lOp m One coupon per ~ 
• couple . Oller ",bJocI 10 ,",,,,lob," Iy >.w,l pre..,,1 • 

coupon 01 hme of purchooe 01·0 In only 
• I 
... _.. . . .. 

SPORTS 19 

PIZZA AND PASTA CAFE 
COSTA VERDE CENTER. 8650 Genessee 1312 • 455-5211 

"Best Pizza overall in the Golden Triangle" 

Pizza by the Slice 
Pasta 
Lasagna 
Salads 
Desserts 

IIMropol/lln MIgIZIne, Api'111880 

ttl Free Delivery ~ 
ttl No Preservatives 
ttl Student Discounts 

PRESENT STUDENT 1.0. FOR 10% DISCOUNT 
No! valid WJ1IJ ant 011&' cisccurt LirIIod delivery area;nj limes. MiIW1un Older reqIQc1 

--------------------I LARGE Di Mattia's Pizza with Pepperoni, $999 I I Mushrooms, Olives, Green Peppers, & Onions I 
L TaM out ()( deIiYtty. Must p'esant CXlUpOI\ Urited ( ....... Not Yaid WJ1IJ arr( IIIhIr ciscoIrt. --~-----------------~ 
charlatans UK ! 

"they are, and this is, 

part of the future, 

your future ,"-sounds 

"some friendly" 

their debut album 

featur n 9 the 

internat i onal hit, 

"the only one i know:' 

P Ius "then" 

and "polar bear~J 

pro duc e d by ch ris n agle 

•• % c:. 

ON SALE 
$1 L99/ CD - $6.99/CS 

6.T 
ASSORTED VINYL 



, 

20 CLASSIFIED 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza IS still UCSD's finest ongl-
nal pizzena Tear out th B.J's cou-
pon and get you r taste buds to BJ·s. 
For UCSD's serious pizza eaters! (9/ 
24-11130) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95 While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more Near St , 
Germains. 452-9949 (9/24-11130) 
Writing Help. I've discovered/created 
unique, Fun - yes, fun ! approaches 
forsenousprojec ts Begin 481-1810. 
(10/3-t 1130) 
Scholarships/grants for college are 
available. Millions go unclaimed 
yearly. Call 1-800-334-3881. (10/8-
11114) 
Volkswagen? Or IS your car an Audl? 
Tom 's Master Mecha nics only 
handles these 2 autos and nobody 
does It better forUCSD Bringyour 10 
and you get 20°·. oft most services ! 
Ca1l450-9494 (10 '2611 30) 
Brewenes In La Jolla? Get rea ll Haro 
to believe, bu t Wednesdays are now 
UCSD night. $1 Pilsners all night 
longll! Check out whats brewing In 
La JoJla. 7536 Fay Ave. (11 2-11 14) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT 
UCSDI Jewish, Car1pus Centers 
provides warmth education prayer, 
socialiZing. Connect with Umon of 
Jewish Students' 502 Matthews, east 
of the Price Center Call Rabbi 
Slotnick, 534-2521 . (11 /12) 
JOIN US TO SING THOSE FAVOR-
ITE CAMPFIRE SONGS I Sponsored 
by Un:ted Campus Ministry every 
Sunday evening from 6 to 7 p.m. 
Meets in the Campus Police Statton 
Training Room. Informahon caJl534-
2521 . (1117-11 /16) 

PAID INTERNSHIPS! 
(Positions Limited) 

Applications/Interviews be-
Ing taken now for the best 
summer business internship 
you can find . Earn $6-
$12,000+ while managing 
your branch of UNIVERSITY 
PAINTING PROFESSIONALS 
during summer 1991. 

Call1-800-KAU.lJPP today. 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold lIZ IS-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal LIse ollly) . 3 forfaculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UC D Guardian ) or presellted in person. Deadlines are 3 p ,m . Thursday for Monday's 
issue , 3 p.m. M ollday for Wednesday's issue, alld 3 p.m. Wednesday for Friday's issue. 
The Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advertising including blllnot limited to 
companionship ads. For more information call 534-5416. Mailing address:UCSD 
Guardian, 0316, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jol/a , CA 92093-0316. Actual address: 
Studelll Center A , top floor . 

Airband contestl Want to hp sync? 
Sign-up now at the Revelle Provost's 
Office. Contest is Nov 20. 8'30 p.m. 
at the REVELLE CAFETERIA. (11 /9-
11 19) 
UCSD POLICE AUCTION - Satur· 
day November 17th. 10 a.m Pre-
aucllon viewing 9 a.m Bicycles elec-
trOniCS. watches. calculators. books. 
morel Corner of Old Miramar and 
Regents Rd For more Information call 
534-4358 .1 11·9-1 1 16) 
ACASense-of-SelfStudy : Learn more 
about yourself. have a chance at $1 00 
draWing, and get free feedback about 
family enlilronment, self-concept and 
present functiOning. Need to be fe-
male. Adult Chi ld of Alcohohc. age 18-
40 Contact Shane HIli. MA 260-0775. 
(11/9-11114) 
UNIVERS ITY OF EDINBURGH 
(SCOTLAND) INFO SESSION!!!! 
Tuesday, Nov, 13th (11-12 pm) Inter-
national Center Conference Room. 
(11 /1 2) 
FREE - GRE PREP WORKSHOPS 
DIAGNOSTIC TEST, Nov. 17. Call 
Reading/Study Skills Center (x47344) 
to register. (1 1/12) 

FINALS PREP WORKSHOP. DON'T 
MISS THIS ONE! Ojective/Essay 
types. Nov. 20. 5-6pm. USB4010. 
RSSCenter. (11 /12) 
INCREASE WORD POWERlStruc-
tu ral and Contextual Analysis RSSC 
USB 401 0, Nov, 13, 5-6pm. (11 /12) 

"THE MEN WHO KILLED KENNEDY: 
video Nov. 15, UC Lutheran Church, 
7:30, SW corner La Jolla Shores & N, 
Torrey Pines, British produced, inter-
views w/ uninterviewed Witnesses, in-
cludlflg man standing on gras!:y knoll 
who was knocked down by a man 
carrying a rille, & police chief of Dal-
las/received phone call of the plan the 
night before. (11 /12-1 111 4) 

~matrix 
S~clQlizing in 

HAIR EXTENSIONS 

CAREER CONVERSATION - Sun-
day, Nov. 18th - 6 to 8 p.m. Mt View 
Lounge Third College Professor Wil-
ham Murray of the lit Dept. Will dis-
cuss the role of wntng in today's ca 
reers. Sponsored by the United 
Campus Ministry. Event limited to the 
first 12 to respond Event is free, supper 
Included. Call 534-2521 to register 
(11 '1211/16) 
Cheap date?! Check out R,cci's great 
Italtan food at awesome pnces. Two 
dinners for the pnce of one (only $7,95) 
with ad In Guardian. (11 /12-11 /30) 
Interns needed at SOUTHWESTERN 
CABLE ASAPI In studiO, field, edit 
Ing. also production assistants! 534-
4689 nowl (1 1/12) 
Awesome drinks foronly$I .001 Check 
out Red Onion 's college night on 
TUESDAY. (11 /12-11 /14) 
A,S.K TUTORS - WE WANT YOUI 
New and returning participants MUST 
fill out applications at the Volunteer 
Connection. They are due Friday 11 / 
16. Need info? 534-1 414. Respond to 
the Challenge I (11/12-1 1/16) 
Rush l Communfcatlon Majors - In· 
ternships in TV/Radio. Advertising. 
Housing, Afrfare, Stipend, in New 
York! 534-4689. (11/12) 

Muir Commuter Cuncil BBQ during 
Muir noon concert Nov, 14, 11 :30-
1 :00 Muir Quad, CHEAP FooDI (11 1 
12-11 /14) 
Lorallnstrumentation needs interns 
ASAP for bookeep,ng and clerical 
work! STIPEND provided I 534-4689 
for infol (11 /12) 
INSURANCE - LOW INSURANCE 
RATES FOR UCSD STUDENTS FOR 
AUTO AND MOTORCYCLE. CALL 
Jessica, 800-457-1234, 9-5 (11 /2-11 
9) 

SERVICES 
Olga Ban - Electrologist: 1200 to 
1500 hairS per hour. 3256 Holiday 
Court Student discounts. 558-4644/ 
226- 1962, (9/24-1/14) 

WRITING Help from UC-Grad Tutor/ 
Writer/Researcher All projects wel-
come. Productive. lntensel StartEarty. 
481 -1810, (10/3-11/30) 

Papers typed! QUick and affordable 
From $21pg, Call LJ Colony Resumes 
& Professional Typing. 455-8357 
Laserprinting! 60 typestyles to choose 
froml One day service available. (101 
5-1 1/30) 
TYPING- PROOFREADING- ED 
ITING Term Papers , M A.s. Ph.D.s, 
Legal. and Medical. RUSH JOBS. Call 
MARIE - 931 -9596. (10/5-1 1/30) 
Bartenderschool-Day/NightCourse 
250.00 - Refresher Course Oct. 20 
and Nov 10. 10a.m. t02 p.m 45,001-
800-227-0030 BAOO-REACTS (101 
19-11 /16) 

TYPING : TERM PAPERS. ETC. 
RUSH JOBS AT NO EXTRA 
CHARGE. 453-0656. (1013-11/30) 

PINWHEELS - a full service salon 
near campus - Costa Verde Center. 
Facials. waxing, lash tints and more. 
Call Parvaneh, 558-1858. (1 0/26- 11 / 
30) 

Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only handles 
these 2 autos and nobody does it 
better for UCSD. Bring your 10 and 
you get 20% off most services I Call 
450-9494. (10/26-11130) 

Word Processing. Quality work at 
reasonable prices. Resumes, reports, 
etc, Laser printer. Call Diane 755-
1724. (10/29-1 1130) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Word 
Processing, Reports. Speeches, Dis· 
sertatlons , Manuscripts , Presenta-
tions, Experienced. Laser Printer. 
Student Rates I753-5964. (10/29-11 / 
30) 

Just in time tor the holidays I Custom 
color and B&W portraits. photo calel"-
dars/cards, and much more. Also 1 hr. 
film dev., passport photos, and slide 
dev. All your photo finishing needs in 
one convenient location. Spectrum 
Photo . 549-2941 (11 n -11/26) 

Monday, Oerobel' 12, 1990 

Alrhn prices up agatn buy now for 
best holiday travel fare . Free ticket 
delivery, 450-0812. (1 tn-l1 /28) 

Word Processing everything from 
term papers to resumes, 24 hour 
service available 7 days a week, 450-
0812. (11 /7 11130) 

TYPING - PROOFREADING -
EDITING: Term papers, MAs. Ph,D.s, 
Legal, and Medical. RUSH JOBS. Call 
MARIE. 931 -9596, (11 /9-11112) 

Awesome dnnks foronly $1.001 Check 
out Red Onion's college Night on 
TUESDAY. (11 /12-11 /14) 

Cheap date?! Check out Ricci 's great 
Italian food at awesome pncesl Two 
dinners for the price of one (only $7.95) 
With ad In Guardian. (11/12-11 130) 
WORD PROCESSING, 4,0 Enghsh 
Skills, term papers. experienced dis-
sertations, 7-day week, rush jobs, 
references 755-2683. (11 /12) 

WANTED 
Happy with your present salary? I 
need people who want to make more 
ASAP (619) 758-4602. (1011 0-11130) 

Domino's Pizza at UCSD is now hir-
tng for Customer Service Represen-
tatives, Must be at least 16 years old, 
energetic and efficient with an outgo-
ing personality. Will be responsible 
for greeting customers, taking pizza 
orders and other store operations. 
Eligible applicants should apply at 
the UCSD store, located at 3211 
Holiday Court after 3:30 p.m. (10/19-
11130) 
Neuro Care; LST position, retrain 
people with Traumatic Brain Injury. 
Work with a state-of-the -art 
Neurobehavioral Rehab. Team. Ex-
cellent experience to compliment 
education. Call (619) 789-4600. (101 
26-11 /12) 

Babysitter wanted for 11 month old. 
One (any) afternoon/wk. Walking 
distance from campus 455-6774. (101 
31 -1111 2) 

MALE MODELS. Totally legitimate 
part-time orfull-timework. Print , ramp, 
television, magazines, No experience 
necessary. Not portfolio nor model -
ing school schemelTop fees and fun! 
Send contact information and 
photos(s) (amateur OK) forl ree inter-
view without obligation : InterPhoto, 
Box 2893, La Jolla, CA 92038, (11 /2-
11 /12) 

Addressers wanted immedfately! No 
experience necessary. Excellentpayl 
Work at home. Call toll-free: 1-800-
395-3283. (11 /2-1111) 

Wanted 100 People, Lose 10-291bs 
in 30 days all natural. Nationally 
Televised 1-800-347-7584. (1 tn-II I 
12) 

STUDENT 
T SPECIAL 

Auto and Motorcycle 
Insurance 

Women l PrecLsionCuts ....... _ ..... .. $18.00 
Men's Precision Cut ............ .. ...... ... $ 14 ,00 
r------------------, 
I 10% OFF PERM OR COLOR I 
I For 0 1i1Tll1ed tirr.e -N m $tud&~j ID. Not vo,d "",It"> or'" cti'"r " If", ' I L_____________ _ __ ~ 

A full c I I u .) 

La Jolla Village Square 
~I I ·fR\' Iv-:) ; T 11 5, 455-1700 

Monthly pay available 

Local 
800457 -1234 

Paul Sirkin Insurance 

Monday, October 12,1990 

DRUMMER WANTED FOR HARD-
N-MOIST: Our drummer left for 
spiritual reasons. If you play drums, 
have a sense of humor, and can 
count to four, cali Jon or Anthony at 
270-2915. (11/9-11 /16) 
Matu re, reliable baby-sitter required 
for part-time relief. Some evenings 
and weekend brunch time. Very 
close to Torrey Pines entrance to 
UCSD. Must have experience with 
children and own transport. Refer-
ences required. Please call 457-
7835. (11/9-11 /12) 
Students needed 16 hours/week. 
UCSD location, 552-3451 . (11/9-
11112) 
New monthly entenainment street 
paper has pOSitions open for type-
seVart director, must know Mac 
Pagemaker program. Also. part 
time comm ad reps. Plus other 
creative people. Contact: 259-8039. 
(11 /9-11/1 4) 
COUNTER HELPI CASHIER. Part 
to fulf time, morning and week-
ends. Must be friendly and de-
pendable. Np.eded immediately -
Clairemont area. Calf Brian, 277-
7363. (11 /9-11/14) 
Needed! Occasional Child Care, 
Del Mar home; flexible hours; own 
transportation ; fees negotiable 259-
9882. (11 /12) 
$5-7/hour or commission. Part-
time. Dependable and enthusiastic 
only with good phone voice. 566-
6787. (11 /12-11 /16) 

Experienced soccer goalkeeper 
wanted lor women 's B d iv ision 
team. Games are Saturdays, 
January through June, at Robb 
Field in Ocean Beach. No fees 
required, Call Diana 755-3198, or 
543-2600. (11/12-11/16) 

FOR SALE 
Del Mar - why rent? $112,900 
condo. 2BRl2 BA, pool, spa, beach 
1 mile. Chris, 931 -6977. (1 0/12-11/ 
14) 

DISCO UNT AIR FARES. RE-
SERVE HOLIDA Y TRAVEL NOW. 
USA , EOPE . FREE BONUS 
'AILES. 481-1264. (10/26-11 /30) 

6' Iuton and 4-position frame. $1 00. 
Close to campus. 587-0709. (10/ 
26-11/30) 

FULL SIZE BED. No headboard, 
$135. Child's DESK and chair $35, 
Call 581 -9156. (1 0/31 -11 /16) 

Drums, Ludwig , 6-piece with 3 
Zildjian cymbals $500 or best offer. 
Calf Dennis at 574-0728. (11/2-111 
12) 

1988 Kawasaki Ninja Ex 500. Only 
3,OOOmiles, perfect condition. Must 
sell $2,400. 271 -0668, David. (11/ 
2-11112) 

'77 Toyota Celica - runs well. $800 
obo. Call 558-8614. (11/2-11/12) 

ONE ONE-WAY TIC KEY TO 
NEWARK, NEW JERSEY (NEW 
YORK) . Departing on Nov, 22 from 
L.A. at 8:30 a.m. and arriving at 
4 :25 p ,m . Only $350 (Regular: 
$650+). Contact Sanjeev at (619) 
259-9086. (1112-11 /12) 

GUITAR FOR SALE: 1987 Fender 
Squire Stratocaster, Fender Re-
verb 25 Ampl ifier, case, leads, 
tuner. DOD distortion box , strap, 
and stand , all for $450. Great for 
beginner. 722-1115 (11/2-1 1/12) 

1985 Jeep CJ-7 - Red, black soft 
top, 6 cyl , 49,000 mi., on ly $7,700, 
Annabelle 270-7040. (11/5-11/16) 

Aleda lull wet suit $65,00, O 'Neill 
booties (size 9) $15.00, men's black 
ski pants (32 REG) $40.00, and 
IBM Compatible 286 Computer with 
40 MB hard drive $625.00. ED 792-
9135. (1117-11112) 

WHY PAY RENTWHEN YOU CAN 
OWN! Huge 4BR 2BA townhome 
close to UCSD. Cathedral ceilings, 
300 sq.ft.loft , fireplace. pool. ONLY 
$147,500. OPEN HOUSE Sunday 
11 /11 1 :30 - 5 p.m. 530-0466, (11 / 
7-11 /16) 

PIANO - Upright practice. Good 
tone. Bench . Moving - must sell. 
$300Ibest. Tanya, 274-3323 leave 
message. (11/9-11/14) 

Scooter, excellent condition. 2 seat, 
freeway legal, 84 Yamaha 180.457-
5472, evenings, Brett. (11 /9-11 /1 9) 

Must sell one-way plane ticket to 
Boston November 20. Best offer. 
Call 454.567 2. (11 /9-11119) 

One-way Thanksgiving ticket to 
Oakland. Nov. 21. $100. Call Mark, 
558-3195. (1 1/9-11 /12) 

Queen size bed and boxspring lor 
$50. Excellent condition. Call 558-
7140. (11 /9-11 /12) 

'71 BMW BAVARIA. Runs great, 
looks ok. Have 10 sell fast. Calli 
make offer, 558-2343. (11/9-11 /19) 

Fact. ,.Over 55 California students managed their own l:xJsinesses ~ summer 
Fact" .Their average earnings for the summer of 1990 were $10,700 
Fact ... They continued to fXove a decOOe-long track record in business 
Fact .. ,These students all managed with Student Painters em gained vaiJ~ 
management expertise 
Fact. , .Most territories will be filled by the end of NoverTtJer 
Management hiring now taking place for the summer of 1991 

Ca~ Copy 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VElO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3:111 Ilo/ida)' Ct. ( Ilext to Do",i"0'5 Pizza) ... 52-9949 
M.F 8 :30-6 p.m. E. 1.2,1 ' 0 
Sat. 1 .... p.m. Wilh UCSD ID 

The UCSD Guardian 

R.T. ticket. San Diego-Newark. Lv. 
12110, return 121190n Continental. 
$300 obo. 546-1663, Robin. (11/9-
11119) 
1980 DATSUN HATCHBACK, 
stick, runs well. $800 or best oHer. 
286-9418 or 534-3849, Must sell. 
(1 1/9-11 /12) 
IBM COMPATIBLE ST, AT or386. 
1 yr warranty. On site installation! 
train ing. 298-6708, (11 /1 2-11 /30) 
1974 Dodge Dart - turquoise V-8. 
Runs well. Automatic, Needs some 
body work. $600 o.b.o. 274-5417. 
(11/12) 
1971 VW Beetle, 4k miles on en-
gine, clutch. white paint, interior, 
much more, $3249/obo 299-3693. 
(11 /12-11 /14) 
SALE - AQUARIUM.l0gal. Plexi 
Truvu. Perf. for dorms. Make ofter 
to JB 452-9510. (11/12-11 /14) 

Roundtr ip airline tickets for 
Thanksgiving Weekelld. SO toSan 
Jose. Departs 11 /21 , returns 111 
25. $98. 558-5920. (11 /12-11/14) 
1981 NISSAN 210 automatic ex-
cellent condition , new battery , 
brakes, tires, VERY rel iable. $1375 
obo 673-3936.(11 /12-11/14) 

HOUSING 
Penasquitos $1050, 4 bedrooms, 
2.5 baths, house 2-car garage. 
Available in Nov. Leave message: 
695-8253. (11/5-11 /12) 

Own room available Dec. 1 or Jan 
1. University City condo, $350. 
Female, nonsmoker please. 546-
1868. (1117-11112) 

MALE ROOMMATE WANTED: 
own room, tennis cts, jacuzzi , pool, 
wi. room, ample parking, 3 minutes 
to UCSD, $418.50 + 1/2 uti! , on ly 
$75 deposit. From 12115 to 6/30 , 
452-2664. (1117-11 /30) 

Malelfemale roommate needed, 
Own room/bath. $437/mo. 3 min-
utes Irom school , pool , gym , 
weights, jacuzzi , fireplace , refrig, 
microwave, dishwasher, partially 
furnished, near buslines. Jennifer 
at 558-6053, (11 /9-1111 4) 

REPOSSESSED VA. HUD HOMES 
availible from government from $1 

without credit check. 
You repair. 

Also tax delinquent foreclosures. 
CALL 1-805-682-7555 

EXT. H-1 ~ for repo list your area 

SEIZED CARS. trucks, 4 wheelers, 
TVs. stereos. furniture. and computers 

by OEA. FBI, IRS, and US cu~toms. 
Available your area now 

CALL 1-805-682-7555 EXT. C-lI99 

ROOM FOR RENT - FEMALE 
STUDENT. 2 miles from campus. 
$350.00/mo 546-7123 D; 459-7313 
NIWKND. (11 /12) 

Pacific Beach - shared room but I'm 
never home, $300 plus 1/6 utilities, 
Female only. 274-5417. (11/12) 
UNIVERSITY CITY, OWN SPA-
CIOUS room. $335 + 1/4 utilities. 
$87.50 deposit. Available ASAP, 546-
8171.(11 /12) 

PERSONALS 
Beauhful outdoor dining overlook-
ing Torrey Pines golf course! Tasty. 
nutritious cuisine, all you can eat 
salad bar ... Choices 554-FOOD. 
(20% discount wlUCSO 10). (9/24-
11/30) 

Are you fit? Get into shape for the 
holidays at Being-Fit. No initiat ion 
fee. Only 4 miles from campus. 
00n'tdelay -calltodayI483-9294. 
(1117-11 /19) 
DARKROOM TECH NIC IAN, 
CRAFTS CENTER. Position open. 
Ron Carlson looking for someone. 
Call asap. (1 117-11 /12) 

Are you paying more than 5 cents 
per gallon on your drinking water? 
Call (619) 259-9086 for drinking 
water at only 3 cents per gallon. 
(11 /9-1/9) 

To the person who found my blue 
wallet, Credit Union Tue. night, 
THANK YOU MUCH. (11/9-11 /12) 

Hey Pi Phis l Thanx for making our 
"MADNESS" so memorable - the 
Sigs. (11 / 12) 

VISA OR MASTERCARD! 
Even if bankrupt or bad credit! 
We guarantee you a card or 

doubte your money back. 
Call 1-805-682-7555 

EXT, M- l052 

m." SPECTRUM L;;.JJ PHOTO 
... 1 HR_ PORTRAITS 

WI OVER 300 
BACKGROUNDS TO 
CHOOSE FROM 

.. BRING YOUR 
FRIENDS! 

• 1 HR. FILM DEV. 
• PASSPORT PHOTOS 
• CUSTOM COLOR , 

AND B&W LAB 
7050 MIRAMAR RD. 
S.D. 549 • 2941 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

Awesome drinks for only $1 ,001 
Check out Red Onion's college night 
on TUESDAY. (11/12-11 /14) 
Cheap date?! Check out Ricci's great 
Italian food at awesome prices! Two 
dinners for the price of one (only 
$7.95) with ad in Guardian. (11112-
11 /30) 
SKI Steamboat for finals relief! 
RISC'S All-Cal on sale NOW at the 
BOX OFFICE. 534-4482, (11112-111 
14) 
Adjust your attitude at RISC's Atti-
tude Adjustmentparty ! Sat. Nov. 17th, 
9pm althe OLD PUB! (t 1/12-11/14) 
Powder! That's what has fallen in 
Utah recently, Ski Utah Nov. 21-26 
with RISC! 534-4482 (11 /12-11 /14) 

I 
: Expanded Hoursl 
I 
r 
I 

·,llIXll 2CIb white 
with this caupon 

.r.9QOd ~ 1I3IRI 
4150 RC9cnts r>CHk Row 

l", Jolla , CA 92037 

457-1007 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vons) 274-2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Next to P,ua Hut) 566-6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theaterl 

455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURIST AVAILABLE 



22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 12, 1990 

1990 MEN'S SOCCER NCAA DIVISION III QUARTERFINALS 

PHOTOS BY BRIAN MORRIS 

Wheaton 'S David Anthony (right) celebrates as he scores the winning goal. (Top) 
Triton bench looks on anxiously, while Sean West (bottom) works his way upfield. 

M. SOCCER: UCSD gets several chances, but Wheaton holds on for win 
Continued from page 24 
back," Bean said. The win gave Bean his 
290th victory since he took over as head 
coach of the Crusaders 22 years ago. 

"We were trying everything," he said. 
Something must have worked. UCSD 

kept up its offensive pressure until time 
expired, but Wheaton countered with an 
equally intense defense. 

Wolf, a midfielder who leads the Cru-
saders in both goals (14) and assists (18), 
even dropped back to help bolster the 
Wheaton stand. 

Still , Mike Lodoen, Mike Gerhardt, Chris 
Romey, Chris Hanssen, and Kevin Legg all 
created more tha.. one scoring opportunity 
for themselves and their fellow Tritons. 

But UCSD just could not find the back of 
the net. 

"We were looking for a forward to come 
through, and it never happened," Armstrong 

said, noting that the Tritons had scored only 
one goal in each of their regional victories. 

"We dried up [scoring-wise] in the 
playoffs," Armstrong said. 

The Crusaders, who hail from Wheaton, 
Illinois, advanced to the quarterfinals after a 
4-2 win over MacMurray in ice-cold, 40-
degree temperatures and heavy snow last 
weekend in the South-Central Regional. 

Needless to say, they found themselves a 
good deal drier than they were accustomed 
to upon arriving in San Diego on Thursday. 

Come game time, the temperature had 
reached 83 degrees, and Wheaton was forced 
to hit the field in its bright-orange, long-
sleeved, 7S-percent polyester, 2S-percent 
cotton jerseys. 

"It was the worst coaching mistake I ever 
made," Bean said, taking the responsibility 
for forgetting to bring the team's shon-
sleeved jerseys. 

REDUCE YOUR 
STUDENT 
BODIES. ' ~~~f~:.. r:-----------(,,~~. ,.! , 

II 
4088 Convoy SL 

Kearny Mesa 
576-8542 

13 
.2nd & Main 
Son Diego 
281·9083 2 fOR , Ii ~-.-':! : -':'1 

"I'm very proud of the stamina and fit-
ness of ourplayers, especially in this weather. 
I think we held up very well." 

UCSD finishes the year at 17-3-1. 
The Tritons lose three year-long starters 

-defenders Wally Whittier and Sean West, 
and goalie Brian Siljander -to graduation. 

Vincent Wong, a senior midfieLder who 
saw limited action this season, will also 
depart. 

Siljander finished the season with 13 
shutouts , and a 0.43 goals-against-per-game 
average. 

West tied junior defender Mike Gerhardt 
for the team lead in goals with nine. 

Gerhardt also picked up six assists on the 
year and led the Tritons in total points (24). 

Junior forward Chris Hanssen led the 
Tritons in assists with seven. 

Overall, UCSD outscored its opponents 
46-9. Mike Lodoen took this shot on the nose. 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISIS' 

t2 
1800 B Rosecrans 

PI. l.o'!1a 
225-0279 

... 

3443 University 
Nonh Park 
280-9883 

WrYE GOT 
THE CURE! 

I .. ;. I 
I Penguin's frozen yogurt lasl~~ Just hk~ . ~ .. I 

• We bag every comic 
novetty items' gift wrapping' battoons • greeting cards 
~_Large selection of gift ilillI.. shipping boxes 
.. ~ 

O 4:505 La Jolla Village Drive, UTe Mall (next to Cartos Murphy's) 
™ 453.999:5 W • I I( , OrEN DAILY 

IceO' am. BuIlt haslessthaJl Y~ thccalones . \f"'!~J.oilI..;:;;' I So v bit Penguin's soon And LlSC th,;, (IIUplln I 
for any small, medium or large cup of Y' lKlirt . ~~ I 

I VERY lOW CAlORIE fROZEN yocurr ~~, I 4130 La Jolla Village Dr. .. . ./ 2 FOR ,I 
• EXPIRES 11/26/90 Nor ",. lld WI,n ."Y o,n .. c:; OWPOtl lOPPIng. ;.". C P. "'OUl'" PI.c:. '1166 • 

.. _---------------_ .. 

• We offer Free Discounts 
• In-store subscription service 
• Special holds & searches 
• We're open until 7 p.m. every day 

Monday, November 12, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER 

We Have All-Your Holiday Needs! 
We...",.. __ III (_ 18 .... L •• t, 
... take tile _at ..... " •• .,.. 

only $11 
Inctudes: Shampoo and 
quatity haircut. Blow dry and 
styting $4 extra. Full service 
prices reg. $21·$26. 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Drive 
near Ralph's & Sav-On 

MEN - WOMEN 

It's Time for the Best ™ 
Ralph's Convenience Center at 

La Jolla Village Drive 

.----------------

I 
I 
I 
I 

A UCSD exclusive. Come to TacoTime before 
December 31, 1990 and get a free food item when 
you buy one food item of an equal or greater value. 

One per customer. 

JUST 3 MINUTES FREE DRINK REFILLS 
FROM CAMPUS' at tune of purchase 

~~~~~ 
Flowers say it best. 
• Wide selection of fresh cut floral arrangements 

• Corsages, boutonnieres, baloon bouquecs 

• Friendly service, UCSD Student Discounts 

LA JOLLA 
FLOWER BASKET 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dn"e 
in the Ralph's Center CALL TODAY. 455·5545 Tol! Free Nationwide: 1-800-882-3323 

Vi.,n.. .. ',,.. 

For 
• 

serlOUS 
• plzza 

eaters 
only 

Hours: M-Th 11 am-Mid . Fri·Sat 11 am-1 am • Sun II :30-Mid . • 455-0662 

CHROMIUM PICOLINATE 
An alternative to anabolic steroids 
being used by NFL teams. Call or 
come in for more information. $1~~ 

8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. La Jolla Village Center 452-9775 

&a lolla VII'age .,uare 
Denta' Group Offers You: 

• COSMETIC BONDING 
• EVENING APPTS. 

STEREO HEADPHONES 
• NITROUS OXIDE 

• VisA OR MASTERCARD 
• INSTANT INSURANCE 

EVALUATION 
• STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

• 24·HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• ORAl SURGERY FOR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRACTION 

--------------------------INnIODUCI'CNIr OR •• • ... "An.1IIS ONU' 
IXAM & X-RAYS 

ONLY 
$19 ~~9 

Indudos: X~~I Conee, Exam and Privalo Con ... Itotion. ~ 12/12/ 90. 
10: Sluclenb, Faculty and Sloft at ucso 

---------------------------DAVID I. IIHOM D.D.I. 
Member: ADA, CDA, SDCDS 

8861 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite SO 1 
(behind Radio Shack) 455·9151 

RETAIUR5 P,.I ... '.naI ~_""';;';;;;';';'===-__ ...J Dr. Colin Bemslein, 0 .0. 457·1200 Majon Aaron Brothers Art Mart 455-5908 
Ralphs 455.Q840 
Sav.()n 457-4390 

Appatwl & Acc ... orl .. 
Clolhestime 453·7650 
Pacific Eyes & rs 535-0365 

Finonciol 
Beverly Hills Savings 
Home Federal 
Security Pacific . 

452·5660 
455.Q440 
455·0318 

Food. & Re.taurants 
Aesop's Tables 455·1535 
B.J.'s Chicago Pizzeria 455·0662 
SamSon's Reslaurant 455·1461 

Taco Time 453-8818 
TGtFriday's 455-0880 

Gift & Specialty 
Card Party 452·1605 
Crown Books 450-0577 
La Jolla Flower Basket 455-5545 
Radio Shack 457-4095 H_"" & IJeauty 
Great Earth Vitamins 452-9775 
Young Attitudes Hair Graphics 457-3334 
Home 'uml.hi,.,. " Acc .. .orle. 
HomePlace 450-t 8 t 1 
Stroud's Unen Warehouse 457-0525 

La Jolla Village Dental Group 
Dr. David Eshom 455-9151 
Dr. Carolyn White 558-8590 

s.mc .. 
Century 21 Vilage Realty 
Comerstone Management 
Dean's 5O-Minute Foto 
Kinko's Copies 
7 Days Rent A Car 
Suooy Fresh Cleaners 
Travel Travel 
Video Gallery 

n..o.w. 
Pacilic Theatres 

455-6770 
453-7711 
453-3443 
457·3775 
455-1664 
455-0071 
450-tl13 
450- t554 

453-7622 

At the northeast corner of 
Villa La Jolla and 
Nobel Drives 

Open from lOam 
Monday through Saturday 
from noon on Sunday 

23 



SPORTS 
24 SPORTS The U SD Guardian Monday, November 12, 1990 

1990 MEN'S SOCCER NCAA DIVISION III QUARTERFINALS 

Wheaton Halts Tritons' Title March 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Brian Siljander appears to be contemplating what could have been, after the 
Tritons failed to advance past the quanerfinals for the first time in three years. 

UCSD Hits the Road to Iowa 
• Regionals: Both cross 
country teams place second, 
but only the men qualify for 
the NCAA Nationals 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD men's cross country team is 
going to next weekend's NCAA Division III 
National Championships in Grinell, Iowa 
while Denise MacFayden was the sole 
qualifier from the women's team. 

On the surface, the results of this 
Saturday's NCAA West Regionals at Bonelli 
Park in San Dimas would lead you to believe 
that the Triton men had a great day while the 

women didn't. 
Not by a long shot. 
What really happened wasthatthe UCSD 

women's team ran its best race of the year 
even though they were edged out by a deep 
and talented Occidental squad. The Triton 
men, on the other hand, didn't run particu-
larly well and almost threw away a virtually 
guaranteed spot in the NCAAs. 

It just goes to how that you can't get 
everything from reading the box score. 

On the men's side, a conservative team 
strategy almost cost the Tritons their second 
consecutive trip to the NCAAs, as UCSD 
finished second overall with a team core of 
86, a whopping 63 points behind first-place 

See X-COUNTRY, Page 19 

Tritons Drop a Heartbreaker 
• WWPA Tourney: Water 
polo falls to CSULA for the 
third time in four tries, 10-9 
(OT) , in the semifinals 
By Brian Itow 
Senior Staff Writer 

For the first time ever, the UCSD men's 
water polo team did not advance to the finals 
of the We tern Water Polo A sociation 
(WWPA) Championship. 

The Tritons finished third in the confer-
ence tournament after losing a 10-9 overtime 
heartbreaker to CSU Lo Angeles in the 
semifinals on Saturday. 

A in each of their three previou meet-

ing this season, UCSD found itself in a see-
saw battle with the Golden Eagles. 

Neither team could ecure more than a 
one-goal advantage throughout the game 
and, with less than 30 econds left in regula-
tion, CS ULA scored what appeared to be the 
winnmg goal. 

But the Tritons battled back again, and 
tied the score at nine with only six econds 
remaining. Gary Seelhorst ent the game 
into overtime with a lob just over the out-
stretched hand of Golden Eagle goalie 
Yannick Leffagy. 

"[Seelhorst's hot] was one of the mo t 
incredible clutch shots I have ever een," 
UCSD Head Coach Denny Harper said. 

See W. POLO, Page 17 

• Crusaders move into 
semifinals with 1-0 victory; 
UCSD fails to convert on 
several scoring opportunities 
By Phil Gruen 
Senior Staff Writer 

When Wheaton Collegemidfielder David 
Anthon scored on an a sist from Phil Wolf 
with 15:38 remaining in the first half of 
Saturday's NCAA DivisionIII Quarterfinal 
at the North Campu Recreation Area, it 
appeared as if the goal would be the first of 
many. 

Well, at least it seemed that way for the 
UCSD men's soccer team, which controlled 
the ball the majority of the time both before 
and after the first-half goal, and also for a 
good-sized chunk of the second half. 

UCSD even picked up the pace after 
Anthony's goal, playing a particularly ag-
gre sive style of occer and hammering the 
ball around the Wheaton side of the field. 

But the ball never found the net. 
The Cru aders (20-2-0) made that single 

goal tand up and now find themselves in the 
final four of the NCAA Division III National 
Championship tournament. 

It will be Wheaton' first appearance in 
the tournament since 1984, when it went all 
the way. The Tritons ' loss prevents them 
from rea hing the tournament for the first 
time in three years. 

UCSD Head Coach Derek Armstrong, 
who said the Triton were "capable of going 
on and winning the whole thing," rlamed 
part of the Triton los on "nerves" and saki 
he thought his team played "dumb." 

''I'm disappointed," Armstrong said 
upon as essing hi team' perfonnance. 

"I can't put my finger on [any Triton] 
who played a good game." 

Anthony, however, had nothing but 
prai e for the Tritons. 

"They're a heck of a team, in great 
hape ... they were super," he said. "They 

probably hould have come up with a 
couple of goal ." 

Anthony, while acknowledging that 
his first-half goal seemed somewhat out 
of context in a game dominated offen-
ively by UCSD, also admitted that he 

was as surprised as anybody about the 
tum of events which led to the goal. 

"It just landed on my chest, and I kept 
running with it [into the goal]," he aid. 
"It was nothing spectacular." 

Wheaton's offense, when it existed, 
was also short of pectacular. 

The Crusaders managed only three 
shots on goal, with three comer kicks. 

The Triton offense was not spectacular 
either, but it still had ix hots on goal, 
five corner kicks, and the majority ofthe 
time of posse sion. 

Wheaton Head Coach Joe Bean, after 
watching his team play defensively for 
the better part of the fir t half, planned to 
switch his strategy in the second. 

At halftime, he told his players to 
tighten up the middle where the play had 
been weak. 

But UCSD never gave him a chance to 
implement his new plan. 

"We didn't want them to get the num-
bers in the [penalty] box, 0 we dropped 

See M. SOCCER, Page 22 

Karen Grometer (left) and Elizabeth Tan are headed to St. Louis for nationals. 

Home Away From Home 
• Regionals: Women's volleyball advances to the final 
four after dumping Pomona-Pitzer in the regional final 
By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

POMONA-Earlierthi year,UCSD 
women's volleyball Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik revealed his opinion that UCSD 
would host the NCAA Division III We t 
Regionals, mo tly because other teams 
would not want to go to the trouble of 
hosting when they knew UCSD would 
win anyway. 

All other teams except Pomona-Pitzer. 

The Sagehens hosted, and they worked 
their way to the finals. But UCSD, a 
expected, still won 15-6, 15-6, 15- 12. 

For all the trouble Pomona went to in 
readying its new faeil i ty for the three-day 
tournament, it hardly seemed like the 
Triton left La Jolla. UCSD had all the 
comforts of home: the Triton Pep Blind, 
roses before the match, and the UCSD 
men' water polo team with its ar enalof 

See W. V-BALL, Page 18 


