
Death in the 
Sunshine 
The Risks of Skin Cancer 

Teasing the 
Concept of Art 

Women's Water Polo 
Heads For Nationals 
Top-Ranked Tritons Face Brown U. Sushi's Neofest 

Featu .... , page 10 Hiatus, page H3 Sports, page 14 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 70, NUMBER 10 THURSDAY, MAY 3, 1990 

MEChA Allocation Dispute 

Final A.S. Council Meeting 
Marked by Controversy 
By MARY BETTY HEARD 
Senior StajfWriter 

A.S. President John Ramirez's final hours 
as chief executive were marked by a contro-
versy regarding a funding request by Movim-
iento Estudiantil Chicano de Aztlan 
(MEChA) during last night's A.S. Council 
meeting. 

President-elect John Edson, Vice Presi-
dent Administrative-elect Ruben Duran, and 
Vice President of Finance-elect Sergio 
Langarica, along with the rest of the council 
selected by UCSD voters in April's elec-
tions, will take over beginning next week. 

funding, or if tlte group wanted $1,000 sim-
ply because the African-American Student 
Union (AASU) received $1 ,000 for its gradu-
ation ceremony. 

The Fin~ce Committee ruled that $350 
of the $1,000 was unnecessary, and amended 
the request to $875. 

During a council caucus, Vice President 
of Finance Anders Roede explained the 
reason for the amendment. 

"Of the $1,000, $350 is for facilities 
rental. But the Price Center Ballroom is free 
if you don't charge [for event tickets], so 
they don't need $350 of the budget,"Roede 
said. 

The question of whether MEChA 
See A.S., page 8 

Guard;',. File Pbotos 
Last night's A.S. meeting was the last for A.S. President John Ramirez (L). Fifth 
College sophomore John Edson (R) will lead the A.S. beginning next week. The disagreement during the meeting arose when MEChA requested an allocation 

of $1,000 from the General Unallocated 
fund to pay for its ChicanolLatino Gradu-
ation ceremony, to be held at the Price 
Center Ballroom. The ceremony is a special 
celebration to honor the achievements of 
Chicano/Latino graduates. 

Kenyan Peace Advocate Speaks on Campus 
Physician Discusses Effect of Nuclear Weapons on Developing Nations 

"This ceremony is a way for the families 
to celebrate graduation," exp.1ained Gina 
Floren, the bill's sponsor. 

The controversy centered on the amount 
requested by MEChA for its event. Council 
members were uncertain whether MEChA 
had made adequate attempts at alternate 

By SHERRY LOWRANCE 
Guardian Reporter 

Patrick Osewe, Kenyan physician and 
student liaison to the International Physi-
cians for the Prevention of Nuclear War, 
spoke about health care and nuclear testing 
in developing countries Tuesday night in the 

Bruce McKinzie plays the title role in Sledgehammer Theater's modernized 
interpretation of Shakespeare's tragedy "Hamlet." Story in Hiatus, page H1 . 

Price Center. 
In developing countries, Osewe said, 

death and disease are widespread.llliteracy 
and unemployment are common, and par-
ents often may not know how to take care of 
their children. 

"It may be a hundred miles to the nearest 
health care center," he added. 

According to Osewe, these problems can 
be found in all countries, but are especially 
severe in developing nations. This is be-
cause half of all developing countries are 
under military rule. 

"Military leaders in developing coun-
tries are only interested in seeing them-
selves in power," he said. 

"Eighty to 90 percent of the annual budget 
is spent on the military" in dictatorships, he 
continued. 

Osewe explained that as a result, no 
money is left for rural development, educa-
tion, or other social programs. 

"There is little development and growing 
poverty in rural areas of developing coun-
tries," he said. 

People move to the cities to find employ-
ment, but encounter poor living conditions 
and unemployment instead. The ghettos, he 
explained, become filled with unemployed, 
desperate people. 

"The ghettos become the center of crime," 
Osewe said, and in response, the govern-
ment spends more money to import weap-
ons for the police. 

"It becomes a positive feedback prob-
lem," he said. 

In more prosperous countries like the 
U.S., Osewe asserted, "money is spent on 
programs like the development of nuclear 
weapons and the B-2 bomber." He pointed 
out that it took 20 years and $40 million to 
eradicate smallpox, but a single nuclear 
missile can cost $200 million to manufac-
ture. 

"Our leaders are mis ing the right priori-

ties," he said. "If all the children are fed and 
get good health care, then all members of 
society can become contributors to that 
society." 

Osewe's lecture was sponsored by the 
San Diego chapter of Physicians for Social 
Responsibility, a subgroup organization of 
the International Physicians for the Preven-
tion of Nuclear War. 

The subgroup attempts to investigate the 
potential ill health effects of nuclear war and 
nuclear testing and to educate people and 
world leaders about those potential effects. 

The International Physicians for the 
Prevention of Nuclear War, 0 ewe pointed 
out, formed an international commission to 
study the effects nuclear weapons have on 
people and the environment from the pre-
liminary mining of uranium to the produc-
tion of a nuclear weapon. The comI!lission 
concluded that "the nuclear manufacturing 
countries have been hiding the facts about 
the effect they have on the environment," he 
said. 

Countries that manufacture nuclear arms 
want to dump toxic waste in developing 
countries, Osewe asserted, often at the risk 
of contaminating food and water supplies, 
or destroying the environment. 

"We need to preserve the environment," 
he said, "or else the next generation will 
have nothing to look at." 

According to Osewe, the United States 
and (he Soviet Union signed the Limited 
Test Ban Treaty in 1963, which banned 
nuclear weapon testing above ground. The 
treaty contains a clause which allows the 
treaty to be amended to include a "compre-
hensive test ban," or a complete ban on all 
nuclear te ting, if the U.S., USSR, and Great 
Britain agree to it. 

"The Soviet Union has said they are 
ready to stop testing nuclear weapon ," he 
said, "but the United States and Great Brit-

See OSEWE, page 3 



UCNEWS 
UC Plans for Washington, D.C. Park 
Halted by Local Area Residents 

The University of California has backed off from plans 
to develop a park in Washington, D.C. as the site for its 
proposed capital center, an official said last week. 

Providence Park, located two blocks from Capitol Hill, 
is one of four sites that university officials have been 
considering to house a multimillion-dollar, 140,000-
square-foot political science academic teaching and re-
search center with housing for both faculty and at least 
24D students. 

Formerly the site of a hospital. the 2.4-acre park wa 
purchased by Congre s from developers in 1972 for a 
school and dormitory for congressional pages. The school 
was never built because Congress never appropriated 
funds for it. 

The site was vacant for six years before Congress 
yielded to pleas from neighborhood residents to turn it 
into a park. 

In exchange for a long-term lease ofthecity-block long 
site, the university would have footed the cost of con-
structing a school and dormitory to house approximately 
100 congressional pages, according to Paul Sweet, direc-
tor of the UC system's government relations office in 
Washington,D.C. 

The plan to build on Providence Park has upset several 
hundred residents of the Washington, D.C. neighborhood 
near the park, who formed a group in an attempt to 
preserve it. 

"We want a formal statement from UC that the park is 
no longer under consideration. We don't j ust want them 
backing off, we want it eliminated from consideration 
completely," said Jean DeStefano, a representative for 
Friends of Providence Park. 

DeStefano said members of the group are planning to 
set up meetings with university officials to discuss their 
concerns. 

"It is a well-used park because it is open and safe. Kids 
in the neighborhood play softball and soccer there," 
DeStefano said. 

Dennis McGrann, who has lived in the neighborhood 
for eight years, said the center would bring unwanted 
congestion and traffic to the residential neighborhood. 

"We're not fools, " McGrann said. "It [wouldn't be] 
just a page school. It ' s a multimillion-dollar development 
under the ruse of a sham." 

Calvin and Hobbes 

~E~ 51\)1>10, ~~r..t '+I~R£ ('W)II\ (;\.1,":. G~""lS AAE 
If '{()J '~ QJINe, ~O\! \J()1i'\(j iN It '" .))C" t>.. Ot\L' ~UN Wl1tN 
TO Get OUR. 11\£ n,uD? GA1<If ' ~\"> ,OJ WIN \30l0I£ 
GJ'f., OJI . W"~ (X)N\"1().)"1JU\ \ <; S ~PI'Q";E 0 HI':!>.":> , i RE 
{)ON r ~(:JJ JOIN ~~11l 11:) Bt I'\JN I GCNNI>. MI>.~ 
T\\ O~~R PL~i ~I I.h LOSE' 

Report Discusses Asian Role in UC 
LOS ANGELES - Asians and Pacific Islanders are 

on the brink of a hi tori cal chance to redefine their role in 
the UC system, a former UCLA law student said. 

Alumnus Dan Mayeda joined two UC Berkeley offi-
cials at a public meeting last month to discuss issues 
facing Asian Americans at both UCLA and Berkeley. 

Ling-Chi Wang, the chairmanofUCBerkeley's Ethnic 
Studies Department, and Janice Koyama, Berkeley's act-
ing assistant provost, told more than 100 people at the 
meeting about the Bay Area campus' strides in addressing 
concerns of Asians. 

Wang and Koyama were patt ofa committee appointed 
by Berkeley' s chancellor to study issues affecting Asian 
Americans. Last year, the committee released a report 
based on interviews with students, faculty, staff, and 
community members. 

The repolt includes fir t-hand accounts by students of 
racism in the classroom and alleged discrimination in both 
the faculty tenure proce s and staff promotions. 

"Asians' presence is tolerated [at the university and 
society] as long as they are useful, subservient, or non-
competitive," Wang said. 

The Asian community at Berkeley battled that percep-
tion for years aDd finally succeeded in getting the admini-
stration to listen to its needs, he said. Now, he is a liaison 
to the chancellor about Asian issues. 

The one UCLA administrator who attended Thursday's 
meeting would not comment on the possibility of creating 
a committee like Berkeley's. That would be up to UCLA 
Chancellor Charles Young, said Provost Raymond Or-
bach. 

UCSDNEWSJ 
CWD to Present Film on Vietnam 
War and Its Impact on America 

The Committee for World Democracy will present the 
film "Hearts and Minds," the next in their series of 
political films. Friday at 7 p.m. in TLH 107. 

More than simply a study of the Vietnam War, the 
Academy Award-winning documentary is an exploration 
of the American psyche and a look at cherished ideals in 
conflict with reality, according to the committee. "Hearts 
and Minds" is a study of politics and ideals, of human 
nature, and the nature of war itself. 

Frank Gormley, a journalist, anti-war activist, and for-
mer city council candidate will introduce the film. 

~E a\J~f\T 
IT! IT'S N\ 

OJT.' 

i(JJ (I<J(, 1 '- BALL 
;:~ \" WRONG 1J.AI<\' 
iQ) (:/$ 00 Qv-J 
Gv 0) I V@ I,\ " 

~(lB' W\1 ~, UlRt ~ 
"'11M /oJ.\ I\)\OT ' 

'rille ~~(,\\I 
1()J He! ro 
PV.i *,1t1~V 

~()JR GRANO 
MOIl<ER' 1 

by Bill Watterson 

0ClI'S. 1 
ORoPI'tO 
M, Jell 
It \X)lSI'I, 
(()JI'I, till". 

RI('\\, ' 

Hispanic-American Grad Students 
Will Present New Play Next Week 

The Teatro Nuevo Siglo (Theater for a New Century), 
an ensemble of graduate students from the new Hispanic-
American Theater Program at UCSD, will present a new 
play, "The Trials of Don Edwardo," by Daniel Camacho. 

The play, Camacho's third-yearthesis project, will be 
staged May 9-13 at the UCSD Warren Theater. The play 
will begin at 8 p.m. from Wednesday through Saturday, 
and at 7 p.m. on Sunday. 

The theater program's director, Jorge Huerta, will di-
rect the new work. 

"The play marks a whole new direction of what has 
been called Chicano theater," he said. " The play presents 
a universal idea, not just aChicanoexperience, in as much 
as it deals with cultural and familial identity, and a 
relationship between a father and son." 

Carmen Sosa, Luis Tristani, and Wanda Arriaga 
appear in the play "The Trials of Don Edwardo." 
June Election Deadline Approaches 

Monday, May 7, is the last day to register to vote in the 
June 5 gubernatorial primary election. 

The Registrar of Voters office, located at 520 I-I Ruffin 
Road, will be open until midnight May 8 to accommodate 
voter registration. The San Diego city clerk will also 
accept registrations until midnight in the lobby of the city 
administration building in downtown San Diego. 

If you are a new United States citizen, will be 18 years 
old by June 5, 1990, have changed your residence, or want 
to change your political party, you must re-register. To 
obtain a voter registration card, call the Registrar of 
Voters office at 694-3400, Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. 
to 5 p.m. 

~ompiled by Catherine Dille, NeHlS Editor 
and Jason Snell, Associate NeHlS Editor 

GThe UCSD IAN DARD 
PHIl GRUEN, EdIItN In CIWI 
ROB .. UC LEAN, ~ EdItor 
ANTON BI'TTNEA. "... Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, ANoc:IaIt Opinion Editor 
DAVID BURKHART. OpInIon EdItor 
DANA CHAI<EH, Spona EdIItK 
JAIES COLLER. FNeunIe EdItor 
CATHERIE DIlLE, ,.",. EdIfrK 
RANDY DOTWKJA, CGpy Editor 
DOREEN ERENEA, AacIcIdt FHtutw Editor 
LARA HEI8LSI ••• 1011_ ~'" EdIIof 
PATRICIAJETTIE, ~Edllor 
GAIL JOHHSON, A'ter -II Phofo Uttor 
PETER KO. AUocItIt SpcIrr. EdItor 
HELENA LENG LOtt. AacIcIdt AIU/E,.".IntrItn, EtIIftN 
JEFF QUAM, ~EdIfw 
JABON 8NEU., A ..... ,.,. EdIW 
JENNFER YANCEY. A ..... ~1nmenI EdItor • 
RIllA, UZGIIIS. PIJOIO Editor 
1IIIIDr ... WIIIn: AndreI AdIImIn, 1liiy 1liiy HeInl, CIrtItinI ~. BtiM 
1IoIr. DMI w,.. . 
MWlllln:Jd1nAul:lon. ... BIIII, WIlllrBllll, Etk: BroIIo.l.ISBnNoId. ScalI 
0-. PIIn. do GIIIIndo, ....... HaIIan. ..... HIImIIr. Grace Lat. Adam 
lAoy.DMLhIIRm, ............. JalbOdlnU.IllritP ......... o..td"*" 
,..... RaIIInd. Tom RIzM, ~ AoIIIh. MallAac:IIIoe, o.tIbit RoIdIII, 
Uor RoaMwI. SriouII Sondo,III:hMI &chwIrtz. Doug SIwIdII. LnlaSpllnr. 
CINta SIIR. JNn SuNol. KtvIn T ... NIoaIa WIIiIIIINd. Jell YIIIIIQUIIII PhoIogi..-" IoIII:haaI AnIII, illig Ilene&, JenriIor KoIIty. Cory I.Idod*'. Ed lin, 

~ It.nI. &10 1IIpea. BrtIn MontI. Jaime Muldoon. John 0Inft. DIrT)1 V ... 
FtlilZIr/el 
........ : ... cavna,IIIoCoCll*. Tony FuenIII, cam !.lot. MtlIInIIo. LIigh 

~~.I\aIyRoe. T,.-T.-
T)pIIII: K..i IIIcMcI. ..... filii • .1m ...... r...,......, Holy CoCII*, GMQ~. JUlIa Puzon..-Ie Spmger 
PNMtIon: TI1Cy Brown. Grace ~ MtIndI.....,. CIwIII P •• Cindy Woo, 
JtII YnIgIdII 
T .... Dnctn: StIlt ..... OM! WynIr 

808 OMNDREA ...... "",."" 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AtMtfteIfIII "."",., 
IIIKI MARTINEZ, Ad>MfIeIIItI DHI(JtItr 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CleNllled ....-_ .. 
Ac:counI EaUIIa: DMI W)tW 
........ AIIIIIIM: t..-1IeIqiI 
CIrcutIIan: JoII1 ono. Jot La...".1IIndoI 

7ItIUCSD~Io .......... ......,.IIld~~fIt ..... ,.. .. 1Ild 
Iorflt ...... alUC80 ~aI .. _"..,'""".-"-CI in J*I. ..... PII"IIIIIon.'" tnI\IIIIId. 01110. II _.-

7ItIUCSD~Io .. ...._ .... -al-~ .. 1Il Tho 
... ..-" ~"""'_Cl __ .tonol'--'_ 
... fIt .... oI71t1UCSD~ .. ~aI~Cltht_s.". 
_oIUCSO.II!II .... my ..... IIII.IMItCGpr ...... 

Editorial: 534-6510 Buainaa: 534-3466 Fax: 534·7691 
UCSD Guardian, B-016, La JoUa, CA 92093 

Thursday, May 3, 1990 The UCSD Guardim NEWS 3 

Law Professor Discusses Problems With Racist Speech 
Charles Lawrence III, profes-

sor of Constitutional Law at Stan-
ford Law School, argued during 
last week's Earl Warren Sympo-
sium that racist speech can be 
regulated. His argument was based 
on the Supreme Court's decision 
in the 1954 Brown VS. Board of 
Education case, which abolished 
segregation. 

In his speech, Lawrence said 

that "there is a heated debate in the 
civil liberties community as to what 
should be the response of this 
community to racist speech on 
campus. 

"There are very strong reasons 
for protecting even racist speech," 
Lawrence added. 

But the Constitution, as inter-
preted by the Supreme Court in the 
Brown case, allows for the oudaw-

ing of racist speech , Lawrence 
said. 

"The equal protection clause 
[of the Constitution] requires the 
affirmative deestablishment of so-
cietal practices that treat people as 
members of inferior or dependent 
castes, or as unworthy of panici-
pating in the community," Law-
rence said. 

The Supreme COUll 'S decision 
in the Brown case showed that the 
equal protection clause recognized 
that segregated schools were un-
equal because they made blacks 
into an "untouchable cas Ie" and 
"stamp a badge of inferiority on 
blacks," Lawrence said. 

As a result, according to Law-
rence, the Brown decision may be 
viewed as "a content regulation of 
racist speech, and as such consti-
tutes an instructi ve exception to 
the usual rule that regulations of 
speech are presumptively uncon-
stitutional. " 

Lawrence went on to criticize 
the arguments of libertarians that 
"racist speech is unpopularspeech, 
like the unpopular speech of civil 
rights activists, pacifists, and reli-
gious and political contenders," 
and should therefore be protected. 

"For over 300 years, I would 
argue, speech of a racist drive has 
not been unpopular in this coun-
try . ... Racist speech remains a 
vital, horrible, popular part of 
American vemacular. ... 

possible infringement of the 
assailant'S liberties, while the 
constitutional rights to equal edu-
cational opportun i ty of the assai led 
often go unnoticed," Lawrence 
said. 

Later in the two-day sympo-
sium, UCSD students, faculty, 
administrators and EI Cajon Supe-
rior Court Judge James Malkus 
took part in a hypothetical "moot 
court," in which a student filed a 
"fighting words" violation against 
another student, charging that her 
civil rights were violated when a 
racist poster was put on herdormi-

OSEWE 

tory room door. 
A jury of high school students 

found the defendant in the mock 
case guilty, by a vote of 10-2. But 
Malkus found that the UC's Fight-
ing Words Pol icy was "overbroad," 
and thereby unconstitutional. 

"This policy is just too broad. It 
falls ... it does not comply with 
constitutional requirements. A 
more narrowly-drawn pol icy ,ifone 
were attempted, might be able to 
[be constitutional]," Malkus con-
cluded. 

Chris Haddock and Nicola 
Whiteheadcontribllled to this story. 

1949, threatening developing 
countries 18 times. The idea 
that nuclear weapons are not 

Continued from page 1 used as leverage is therefore 
ain say 'no,' even though 127 false, he concluded. 
countrieshavecalledfortherati- Changes in Eastern Europe 
fication of this amendment." and the Soviet Union do not 

Osewedismissed the irlea that diminish the threat of nuclear 
nuclear weapons have brought 
peace to the world since 1945. 

"Europe is not the entire 
world," Osewe said, adding that 
81 wars have been fought since 
1961, most of them in develop-
ing countries. 

Quoting former U.S. Presi-
dent Richard Nixon, Osewe said, 
"Nuclear weapons have been 
used as a diplomatic stick for a 
long time." 

war, Osewe said. Smaller coun-
tries involved in regional con-
flicts, like Israel, Iraq, Argen-
tina, and Brazil already have 
nuclear weapons or are trying 
to develop them. 

Ina regional conflict, he said, 
"one country will tend to be-
come theaggressor." In this type 
of a situation, the fact that a 
country owns a nuclear weapon 
increases the possibility of its 
use. 

Charles Lawrence III spoke about racist speech on Tuesday. 

"It seems to many a very sad 
irony that many civil libertarians 
[have expressed] concern for the 

AccordingtoOsewe,theU.S. 
has used the threat of using nu-
clear weapons 25 times since 

"I think the threat is greater 
now than before," he warned. 

PACIRC BEACH: 
1447 Gamet Ave. 

/P' COLLEGE: 273-CUTS 
. • t..fIr" 6686 EI Cajon Blvd, 
t.1~ \.oV"' 463-5052 OCEAN BEACH: 

4882 Newport Ave. 
HILLCREST: 'a2-3777 
409 Unlllelstty Ave. 
291-cvTS 

1 1 1 $19 95 Tune up Includes: align wheels, adjust brakes, 1 
adjust gears, adjust hubs, bottom bracket, and 

1 headset, lube, and check tire pressure. 1 
I I 
I I 
I 1 : $34 95 All of the above and a complete clean up. : 
1 Expires May 24, 1990 1 

: ~ • § Unlver IIty City : 
: ""~:I:::,~' ~.- eye Ie r y. : 
1 J J 1 1 3246 Governor Or. 1 
1 ~ ·1 ..... Acceuorl .. , Parh .. Service in Bill Bear Center 1 

. We "lItu,. Dlemond lack, GT end MIyN 452-8842 

1 __ --------------------------_
1 

.. _ .. __ .. _. __ ... _ .. _' 

: UelD SPECIAL! fA ~ 
• i~ •• a warm, party • ASw~ !~ flU ('..... atmosphere ... for ~ . • 

JIMYIII serious pizza eaters ... " , , ~J~ 7.-.......~ ............. '7 • 
fO J9III POOl Jack White, Channel 10 ~ ~ • 

....., rcsfauranl cridc 
M-Thll~ • 
F-SGt. "--,- Tired oifthe same 01' cardboardpizza? • $un. ,':3Oaon-Alid 
~~~==-' Call BJ'sjor gourmet quality. • 
- . • r-----------r- ..... --------" 

: : $I!!.~ : '2!!..-!!: : 
• I 1'U!asit preserlt COl/pon u,-ben orderl"il, I Please presmt coupon /J)ben orr/en"g. I • 
• L __ !U's Pizzeria, LaJoUa ___ L __ 8J's Pizzeria, LaJo~ _ ~ • 
: 8873 VillalaJolla Dr. La jolla Village Center 455·0662 : 
• 

UCSD's original Pizzeria is stili tbe best.' • 
Expires 5117190 .. __ . __ .. _ ... _ .. __ ._ ... _ ... 

----------------, UCSD : 
Student: 
Special: 

I I 
I BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I I I I Bacon Cheeseburger ~ 
i ~FREE i 
I Valid at: 6788 Miramar Rd. : I Coupon expires May 15, 1990. One elfer per coupon . I One coupon per customer per vialt. Not vaUd with any I 
I other oaer or c:Uacount. PrIce does not Include tax. "' __ 'It.. _..... I !DCCIr) Karcher Enterprises. Inc. 1990 VCLI."'.&'D U....-. I L _______________________ _ 

carl's Jr. 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, Ma 3, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN, Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN. Managing Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
ANTON BITTNER, ews Editor 
DA VID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

Tht UCSD GwudilJ/t IS pubill>hed I"' icc weekly lithe Unlv~rsh)'orc.hromia. San Diego. Conte,"s el990. 
VICWS expressed ~In l'e1ftSm1 lhe m-.iori~ '\'oce O(It\e wliMal hoard. Ind are not ntCtssarily 1 nose of the 
UC Board 0{ Re&cncs. the ASUCSD. nor lhe (nlirt Guorditm ruff 

Japan Bashing 

Trading Insults 
It has become fashionable to regard Japan as a greater threat to 

America than the Soviet Union is. Attacks on Japanese are 
common everywhere from the op-ed page of the New York Times 
to " Saturday Night Live." Caricatures of Japanese similar to 
those from World War II are becoming almost commonplace. 

What 's going on? In the 45 years since the end of World War 
II, Japan has been a firm ally of the United States, and the 
relationship has been fruitful for both nations. But now there is 
a growing wave of nationalistic fervor over the trade imbalance 
and Japanese investment in this counuy. 

It may m¥.e good political sense for a politician to whine 
about "unfair" trade. practices by Japan, and call for protection-
ist measures. But it doesn ' t make good economic sense. The cries 
for so-called retaliatory measures against Japan are a return to 
antiquated mercantilistic economics, and stem largely from in-
terest group politics and shameless jingoism. 

The basis of modem economics is the idea that any voluntary 
exchange benefits both parties. A simple example: if one person 
goes to the store and pays $200 for a VCR, both the store and the 
person benefit. The person gets a video cassette recorder that is 
worth more than $200 to him, and the store gets $200 for an item 
that it valued at less than $200. Both parties profit. 

So the Japanese sell us VCRs that are worth more to us than we 
pay for them. Or, as one humorist put it, the Japanese send us cars, 
VCRs and televisions and we send them little green pieces of 
paper. 

But, cry the Japan-bashers, the Japanese use those little pieces 
of paper to buy our counuy! That 's silly; even if Japanese 
investment was as significant as these critics suggest (European 
countries own much more of this counuy than Japan), it doesn't 
matter. On the contrary, the United States is getting an even better 
deal: we get those goods, and then the money we pay for them is 
used to create jobs in this counuy. The Japanese are heavily 
invested in the U .S . stock market. That means that Japanese 
investors are providing capital for American companies to grow 
- that' s something to take joy in, not cry about. 

The Japan-bashers continue: it isn't fair that their markets are 
closed while they can sell here. That's a empty argument too; 
even if U.S. firms were totally barred from the Japanese market, 
it would still benefit us to buy cheaper goods from the Japanese. 
The idea that imports are bad is ridiculous. Would it benefit Iowa 
to shut off trade with California? To put a barrier up to the import 
of California wines and instead grow their own grapes? Of course 
not. Or another example: does it hurt individuals to buy bread 
from a grocery store rather than make their own? 

The United States is excellent at many things. It is U.S. 
consultants the developing economies of Eastern Europe desire; 
this counuy still has - by far - the largest and most prosperous 
economy. It does us no good to waste our energies making goods 
the Japanese can make more cheaply, when we could be directing 
the energies elsewhere. Japanese trade barriers hurt their people, 
and benefi t a few of their corporations. Japanese pay exorbitant 
food prices because the farmers get their government to keep out 
U.S. rice and fruit. 

I s this the model we should emulate? Some special interests 
have gotten us to. Take the barriers to the import of computer 
chips. This certainly helped the U.S. companies that manufacture 
chips. But the higher chip prices had repercussions throughout 
the economy. Computer companies suffered because they had to 
pay more for chips; then the companies that use computers ( try 
to think of one that doe n't) faced higher prices for computers and 
delayed upgrade; the customers of these companies faced higher 
prices - and so on. The diffuse harm outweighed the benefit, but 
since the benefit was concentrated , the special interest was able 
to get Congress to give it what it wanted. 

This is a typical example. President Bush and the members of 
Congress should commit themselves to free trade . If the United 
States uses its power to ge t other economies to open their borders 
to trade, that would certainly be for the best; however, what is 
truly vital is that the Japan bashers are routed. No new protection-
ist measures should be put in place, those that are already there 
should be phased OLlt, and limits should not be placed on foreign 
investment. 

Our economy is at stake. Free trade made America the most 
powerful economy in the world , and free trade wi ll continue the 
prosperity. 

Co-op Harrassment of Tours is Childish 
Editor: 

1 am writing to you on behalf of 
a nu mber of the campus tour guides 
with regard to the harassment we 
have been experiencing recently 
from member of the co-ops and 
the New Indicaror. 

Beginning in mid-April, guides 
conducting weekend tours have 
been accosted by particular co-op 
members while the tour walked 
through the Student Center. As 
we talked about the various stu-
dent organizations, including the 
co-ops, located within the center, 
these people would try to take 
over the tour and impress on visi-
tors the current problem that now 
faces the co-ops, that of eviction. 

I would like to take this oppor-
tunity to address these students 
that visitors are simply visitors. 
They have no function as to 
whether or not the co-ops get 
evicted. Further, a walking tour is 
NOT the correct forum to address 

for that matter, has a right to pass 
out pamphlets, but when their 
activities di rupt and denigrate 
fellow students' work, they are 
violating our rights. 

I must also add that in im-
pressing on prospective students' 
minds the problems on campus, 
co-op members are discouraging 
students from attending UCSD. 
This may be their ultimate goal, 
but as I and other guides see it, it is 
a self-defeating goal. The people 
who decide not to come to the 
school may be the ones who could 
bring fPesh ideas to the dried well 
and possibly help to bring the 
administration and student co-op 
members closer to an understand-
ing. The tactic of scaring away 
prospective students, in the guise 
of informing them, is a childish 
ac't aimed at a patemalistic ad-
ministration. There can be no hope 
of change in the relationship be-
tween students and administration 

campus politics. I understand that if the students and their organiza-
members of the co-ops, or anyone tions do not grow up in the way 

Race Was Not the Issue 
Editor: 

The letter by Geoetta Marie Adams ("Don't Think Racism Doesn't 
Exist," April 26) in response to my letter is quite inaccurate. My letter 
wasn't written to explain racism or abolish it, in fact I realize that racism 
is real. The letter was written regarding a situation that I found disturbing 
and that should have been clear. 

Miss Adams, I think you missed the point of my letter. It was never 
implied that because the photographer was white she was allowed to 
take pictures. Her pictures were allowed because she worked for a 
peri odical. 

Noting your comment that if she were black she would be denied her 
pictures, I would seriously doubt she would be asked to leave and/or not 
take pictures due to her skin color. Miss Adams, a job is a job. Press 
rights for blacks are surely the same for whites. Maybe the sign you saw 
at the event should have a disclaimer for the press. 

One other thing, do you really think the barrage of camera fire, which 
everyone heard, was solely white in nature? Call me crazy but I think 
both blacks and whites have the ability to sneak cameras past event 
security to get a picture of a film star/director. 

Miss Adams, before you so ignorantly speak out again, looking for 
maggots in the woodwork reevaluate the situation and realize your own 
words, "racism takes many forms. " r ~!link I'll pull my head "out of the 
hole" as soon as you get yours out so you can help me. 

Bryan Partee 

BENSON 

they handle conflict. 
If my compl aints seem foreign 

to the majority of the co-op mem-
bers, I am sorry to tell you this, but 
you need to monitor the activities 
or actions of students who act on 
your b!=half but only serve to 
scratch away wide-based student 
support. 

I have been personally accused 
of not mentioning the co-ops. If 
only the person who attacked my 
tour listened instead of threaten-
ing me with discriminatory 
charges, he would have heard me 
mention the said groups. 

In closing, we, campus tour 
guides, respect and understand the 
position you, members of the co-
ops, are in. Please respect our 
position also. We cannot voice all 
opinions in a tour designed to point 
out buildings in one and one-half 
hours or less. 

Joceliza Gonzaga 
Campus Tour Guide 

Student Outreach and 
Recruitment 

The UCSD Guardian 
welcomes your letters 
and commentaries. 
Drop your letter at the 
Guardian offices (on 
the second floor of the 
Student Center, where 
the A.S. offices used to 
be) or mall it to: 

Opinion Editor, 
The Ouardian, 
B-016, UC5D, 

La Jolla, CA 9209.3 
Letters should be 
typed, double-spaced, 
and should Include a 
signature and phone 
number. We reserve 
the right to edit letters 
for length and clarity. 
Deadline for letters for 
Monday's Issue Is noon 
on friday. Deadline for 
Thursday's issue is 
noon Monday. 

Thursday, May 3,1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Spotlighting Animal Research 
Editor: 

Leaping lab coats! Who would have 
guessed that a paid advertisement about 
UCSD animal .researcher Dr. Zola-
Morgan would ranle so many cages 
(pardon the pun). 

In response to that one ad, the 
Guardian has primed a formal apology, 
an anti-animal rights editorial, a pro-
vivisection editorial letter, and. not one, 
but two pro-animal experimentation ad-
vertisementsl 

Could it be that the researchers pro-
test just a bit too much? There was 
pothing in San Diego Animal Advo-
cates' ad that cannot be documented. Dr. 
Zola-Morgan's eXperiments onprima&es 
are a matter of public record, and his 
work has been cited by the Medical 
Research Modernization Committee as 
an example of studies that do not benefit 
human patients. 

I challenge Dr. Zola-Morgan to prove 
that his experiments have helped even 

one patient. The Guardian editorial 
called the ad an "emotional attack"; in 
reality it was an honest account of one 
researcher's means of making a living. 
If animal researchers are proud of their 
work and the benefits they claim to 
achieve for the greater good ofrnankind. 
I should think they would not object to 
having their experiments discussed and 
challenged. 

The laboratory doors would be open 
if there was nothing to hid&. The days are 
gone when scientists were given carte 
blanche and had no accountabiliry for 
their actions. Today's public asks tough 
scientific and ethical questions and 
demands meaningful answers. UCSD 
researchers are engaged in a controver-
sial profession; and with that goes visi-
bility and publicity. It's a sad day for 
freedom of the press at UCSD. but the 
spotlight is on, nevertheless. 

Douglas Anderson 
San Diego Animal Advocates 

Research Defense is Based on Lies 
Editor: 

I would like to respond to the letter from Pablo Alvarez which appeared in the April 26 
issue of the Guardian, in which he ardently defends animal research and Dr. Zola-Morgan 
in particular. I find it quite amusing that Mr. Alvarez thinks the animal rights movement 
"tries to appeal to people's emotions by lying and distorting the truth." 

I suppose the researchers' ever-favorite "the baby or the dog" argument is not an 
emotional appeal to the fear of death and disease? I suppose the advertisement from the 
Foundation for Biomedical Research, claiming that animal research has extended life 
expectancy 20.8 years is a completely unbiased statement of gospel? I suppose the CFAAR 
name ("Coalition for Animals and Animal Research) is not a distortion? I suppose the 
CFAAR logo, picturing the doctor with his arm around a child holding an animal is not a 
distortion? 

Let's get real. The animal research industry is under siege and for good reason. Theirs 
are the lies and distortions. The claim that all medical progress would grind toa halt without 
animal studies is patently ridiculous, since animal studies comprise only one avenue of 
medical research. 

The claim of Dr. Zola-Morgan that virtually every modem medical achievements ha"S 
come from the use of animals is also ludicrous. PhysiCians will tell you that the real basis 
of improvements in human health have come from observation of human patients in clinical 
and epidemiological studies. 

Remember that most researchers are not medically trained and are not physicians. They 
are simply defending their Iivlihood. Proponents of animal experimentation play on the 
public's concerns about health, all the while diverting funds away from public health 
programs and into animal studies. This is the reason why the vivisection industry is losing 
ground. 

All you have to do is look around and see that the incidence of the major diseases such 
as cancer, heart disease and diabetes is constantly rising. This is showing people that animal 
research may not be all it is cracked up to be. If you want to examine lies and distortions, 
just listen to your local vivisector. 

Thomas Buser 

Editorial Bought Vivisector Line 
Editor: 

Your editorial about animal rights tac-
tics ("Unreasoning Emotion," April 26) 
reveals how little you understand what the 
issues are in regard to animal experimenta-
tion. You have obviously bought into the 
vivisectors' party line, by trying to reduce 
the mailer to a simple choice between man 
and animal, or as you put it, between the 
human dying and the monkey dying. If it 
were as simple as a choice between the life 
of a human and an animal , I assure you 
there would be no following for the animal 
rights point of view. 

If every animal experiment, or if even a 
large percentage of animal experiments, 
resulted in some life-saving benefit for 
human beings, the animal rights philoso-
phy could never have survived in this arena. 
Instead, there is a growing awareness and 
recognition that animal research is not a 
question of human life liS. animal life, but a 
far more complex set of ethical, scientific 
and social questions surrounding an estab-
lished practice. 

It is time for these questions to be exam-
ined in public forum, and that is what the 
animal researchers fear. Aside from the 
obvious moral questions about whether it is 
right for man to use animals for his own 
purposes, there are questions as to the effi-
cacy of animals as models for medical 
research,andquestions about how ourhealth 
care resources should be allocated. 

People are beginning to question the 
value of UCSD researchers studying preg-
nant sheep to the tune of $170,000 while 1 

in 3 pregnant women in San Diego are not 
able to obtain prenatal care. People ques-
tion the utility of add icting animals to drugs 
in laboratories at UCSD, while addicts on 
the street wait months to get into treatment 
programs. People question the continued 
federal funding of $10,000 per minute on 
animal experiments when doctors report 
that 80 percent of the major diseases are 
fully preventable by changes in diet and 
lifestyle. These are just a few of the many 
questions that need to be addressed. 

As for Dr. Zola-Morgan being "tar-
geted," I think he invited public examina-
tion of his work and his views by setting 
himself up as the spokesperson forUCSD's 
animal research and for vivisection in gen-
eral. Researchers have been granted license 
by society to do things to animals that a 
private ci tizen would be arre~ted fordoing. 
And as long as private citizens are paying 
the bill for that research though tax dollars, 
I think Dr. Zola-Morgan and every other 
researcher is 100 percent accountable for 
every aspect of what goes on behind the 
laboratory door. 

Science does not exist in a vacuum apart 
from the rest of life, and researchers cer-
tainly have no right to less public scrutiny 
than anyone else. Much as they would 
prefer to perform their experiments in se-
crecy and without having to answer to 
anyone but themsel ves, the animal research-
ers are now having to defend their practices 
to a more sophisticated, medically and 
environmentally informed public. 

Denise Nichols 

A Clarification 
This is to help clarify some of the misconceptions concerning the advertise · 

ment from San Diego Animal Advocates which ran in the April 23 issue of the 
Guardian. 

It is Guardian policy never to run an advertisement which includes a personal 
attack on an individual. The fuct that a certain individual's name appeared in the 
advertisement was an oversight on our part, and we regret the error. We printed 
a formal apology to the individual in question in the April 26 issue of the 
Guardian. 

We were neither pressured nor threatened by the individual or the admini-
stration into writing an apology, running letters, or writing an editorial about 
the advertisement. 

Earth Day More Than Fashion 
Editor: 

As members of the Earth Day Planning 
Coalition at UCSD. we felt it was necessary 
to clear up some misconceptions expressed 
in Steven Lockman's letter ("Fashionable 

Environmentalism," April 26). 

The Real Story of the Videotaped Penny-Shavers 

First of all we would like to say that 
making a fashion statement was the last 
thing on our minds when we organized the 
Earth Day Festival. Apparently the pres-
ence of vendors selling " 1960s inspired 
clothing and paraphernalia" at the fes tival 
disturbed Mr. Lockman, yet these same 
exact vendors were selling the same exact 
"paraphemalia" (tie-dyed t-shirts, incense, 
etc.) at last year's Sun God Festival, last 
year's Reggae Fest, and this year's Renais-
sance Faire; in addition, they can be found 
almost every week selling the same mer-
chandise on Revelle Plaza. 

Editor: 
Let's clear up a few things. 
The article ("Pennies From Kell," April 

30) states "Even when one person rubbed a 
penny on a sidewalk in full view of the 
police station, and was actually ftlmed on 
police videotape, the District Attorney's 
office decided not to prosecute." It wasn't 
one person, it was five. I was one of the 
criminals. Let me describe the situation: 
The U.C.Policehad staked out a parking lot 
with OffICer John Cresap hiding between 
cars and an unknown videocameraman hid-
den inside a parked surveillance van wait-
ing for penny shavers. How long they lay in 
wait I don' t know. 

We drove up and began shaving pen-
nies. Officer Cresap ran out from between 
two cars and told us to "Hold it right there!" 
He said "We've got you now! We've got 
you on videotape!" 

Officer Bau Luu, then a UCSD part-
time student enrolled in a class with me, 
dro~e up in the paddy wagon. They placed 
usunderarre t, pu hedusagain tthewagon 

and frisked us. Officer Luu asked if we had 
any guns or knives on us (we 

were all in shorts and T-
shirts). We didn 't have any. 
My friend asked "Don't you 

have to read us our rights?" 
to which Officer Luu replied 

"I'm not Maggareu. This isn't Hawaii 5-
0." Good one. 

We were driven to the police station in 
handcuffs. While filling out my paperwork, 
Officer Luu asked me what my nationality 
was. I told him I was half-Asian, and he 
said, "Yeah, you guys all kind of look 
alike." Another good one. 

Sergeant Robert Jones came in the room 
smiling and said, "So, we/inally got them." 
They were all very proud. He then told us, 
"I don't want to say we're making an ex-
ample out of you felIas, but... .. 

They took our pictures. They told us not 
to smile. They took our statement . And 
afterthey finally figured out how to talee off 
the plastic handcuffs they had put on us, we 
were released. This had taken about two 

hours . 
A few weeks later we went to court. We 

had been charged with "petty theft," a 
misdemeanor. We found out later what we 
had actually committed was an infraction. 
Oops. 

The District Attomey didn't just "de-
cide not to prosecute." The judge didn't 
even bother to hear our case. We were told 
this kind of thing is commonplace coming 
from the U.C. Police- to just go back and 
work something out ourselves. We came 
back to legal services on campus and the 
lawyer laughed. None of us ever had to do 
a thing. 

Later, the lawyer told me I might actu-
ally have a civil suit ifI wanted to bother. I 
didn't. I thought the whole thing was kind 
of funny. My dad got a big kick out of it -
"My son the criminal" he says. Two of the 
five of us are in law school at USD now. 

The U.c. Police are bored. We gave 
them omething big to do. Bau. John, and 
Robert - hope you're having big fun. 

Name Withheld by Request 

Furthermore, we would like to mention 
that we added the vendors to the festival 
only as an afterthought to add some variety 

. to the environmental information tables 
(which incidentally outnumbered the above 
mentioned vendors by about ten to one). 

We do, however, appreciate Mr. 
Lockman's concern for the integrity ofEanh 
Day and the environmental movement, and 
we welcome him to direct his energies into 
more productive channels by joining us in 
organizing futureenvironmental/Earth Day 
events. 

Alice Donge 
Steve Ringer 
Jeff Karlson 

Lisa Rosen 
Tina Kwong 



6 OPINION T he UCSD Guardian T hursday, M ay 3, 1990 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Safe Politics: A Time to Speak the Unspeakable Ideas? 
NEW YORK - That was quite a deal Donald and 
Ivana Trump almost pulled off a 
few day ago. The Fun Couple of 
the Year agreed to let each other 
"date" for a6().day period without 
those "dates" being used in a di-
vorce action. 

Apparently worried about the 
PR fallout from this "safe sex" 
treaty, I vana canceled the arrange-
ment. Too Bad. Apart from help-
ing the ale of newspapers -
always a worthy cau e- Donald 
and lvana may have provided the 
breakthrough needed to revolu-
tionize American politics. 

Why? One reason i that 
politicians live in mortal fear 
of simplistic attacks aimed at 
them for taking any intellec-
tually provocative stand. 

Suppose you think the 
Social Security system needs 
radical reformation, such as elimi-
nating benefits for the most afflu-
ent recipients. As sure as God made 
little green apples. you ' re going to 
be accused of trying to " under-
mine the furure of our helples 
senior citizens." 

Suppose you think the death 
penalty is a noisome distraction 
from the serious business offigur-
ing out what to do about crime. 
Within 24 hours of offering that 
opinion, you'll likely be faced with 
a TV commercial 

Jeff Greenfield 
Universal Press Syndicate 

higher minimum wage may hrink 
job opportunities for unskilled 
teenagers, if you think we may 
need higher taxes to rebuild 
America's roads and bridges and 
railroads, if you're not convinced 
that sanctions against South Af-
rica make sen e anymore, then get 
ready to duck: Chances are good 
that your ideas will be met not 
with analysis, but with shrieks of 
outrage. 

Here 's where Donald and 

[vana 's "safe sex" agreement 
could be so helpful. What I'm 
suggesting is a "safe politics" 
pact between political profes-
sionals - an agreement that 
would protect ideas from 
being trashed with simplistic 

assaults. 
Maybe our domestic entitle-

ment programs cost too much; 
maybe not. But that argument 
ought to be fought on the facts, not 
on blanket assertions that a cut in 
entitlements means oppressing the 
poor (in fact, most entitlements 
flow not to the poor, but to the 
middle classes and in some cases 
to the quite comfortable). 

Maybe our defense budget can 
be sla hed by tens of billion of 

dollars. Maybe 

rity interests for uggesting that in 
a world where a communist gov-
ernment in Vietnam is offering to 
let the United States return to Cam 
Ranh Bay, things are not as they 
were in 1970. 

Maybe welfare e ncourages 
dependencies; maybe it's a des-
perately needed e lement of the 
national safety net. But let' s have 
a debate about this question, not 
an inquisition to root out heretics. 

Maybe the environment needs 
tougher reg ulations. Maybe it 
needs more marlcet-based incen-
tives to take the profi t ou t of pol-
lution. But can't we argue about 
thi s without being labeled either 
an earth-mugger ora tree-hugger? 

There seems to be widespread 
agreemelJt that America is in a 
sorry political state these days. 
it's not just that there's no excite-
ment, no juice in the process. It's 
that even those in the center of the 
arena - media consultants, poll-
sters, elected officials -acknowl-
edge that gridlock has snared the 
system. 

featuring the mug 
shots of murder-
ers. a king why 
you're "soft on 
crime." 

What I'm suggesting is a "safe politics" pact 
between political professionals - an agree-
ment that would protect ideas from being 
trashed with simplistiC assaults. 

that's not such a 
good idea. But 
proponents ought 
not to be assai led 
as selling out 

In their public dispute about 
private matters, Donald and (vana 
have offered a pathetically imma-
ture spectacle of how grown-ups 
should behave. But they just may 
have given the world of politics a 
splendid device for making public 
discourse more mature. If you think a 

COMPACT DISCS 
IN 

LA JOLLA! 

:== /AUDIO;:ILe 
digital music 

Great Selection / Used / Special Orders 

FREE! -NEW RELEASES 
AVAILABLE FOR LISTENING 

r-----------------, I "TAKE A BREAK" COUPON I 
I SAVE UPTO $101 I 
: $2 OFF ANY CD : 
I Umittd 1<>5 CD·. perC1UlDmu. StocIt Oft h4ndonl,. &pm 519190. I L ________________ ~~ 

CD's ore regulorty priced at $6.99-$1 4.99. 

459-FILE 1030 Torrey Pines Rd., La Jolla next to 24-Hr. Market 

UCSD .FITNESS 
S-PECIAL~ 

on a monlhly basis 
STAIRMASTER 
UFE CYCLES 
CHILD CARE 

AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS-HOIST 

FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 3 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

BEING-FIT® 
3968 Clairemont Miew Blvd. 

CIoiremoni Square Shopping CenIer noor Lee Ward.-Behind Famous Footwear 

483·9294 
AIoo in SOSU onoo 691-1702. "'-!hi. ad and 1.0. 

Lo... $5t1 
,aris $611 
"'allMt $650 
Vlca.. $671 
MHrId $6U 

FII8S II1II rumrip. ResIridions do appIyl 
Ask ........ 

studal ao.s __ .... 
$41tl 

(awdTicni 
UCSI) PRICE C£HTER 

(by the Post omcc» 

Win il Hil\\ilililn VilCiltlon 
or Ilig "creen TV 

plus r.llSP up to Sl 400 
In JlI5! 10 [I,l\s' 

0bjectJwe: FIa.. I • 
Coi_lIb_1t: ........ 
Money: R-. $1,400 
eo.t: ZftO In_tment 

C.npus~, cIuba, 
frats , MI'OIttIN c:.II OCMe lit 

1~~" 
1~950&472 ext. 10. 

If you are interested in 
learning about the 

Financial Services Industry, 
SDCCU has an opportunity for you! 
We are currently seeking enthusias-

tic individuals to fill the following 
part-time Teller Trainee positions: 

Mira Mesa 
M-F 11 -3 p.m. 

Sorrento Valley 
M 8-5 p.m.; Th 11-3 p.m.; F 9-6 p.m. 

If you have cash handling and 
customer service experience, we 

want to talk to you! Call or come by 
our main office and apply. 

San T)ibnll Count ~) 'C';ldit UnuJ 
-9885 Pacific Heights Blvd. 

San Diego, CA 92121 
453-2112 

EOE 

America's secu-

presents 
General Biology 

Intro to Humanities 
Oceanography 

Intro to Psychology 
Real Estate Principles 

Registration Begins May 7, 1990 
Gasses Begin June 25, 1990 

Available on: Dimension Cable - Channel 28 
Daniels Cablevision - Channel 35 

CALL NOW!! 
(619) 744-1150 or 727-7529 
Ext. 2431 

Move into a new decade 
with 

R.E.M. 
THE 8-52's 
THE CURE 

AND MANY MORE! 

An all new laser 
show! 

Thursday, May 3,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Gail Johnson/Guardian 
A fair with information about security and crime prevention was held in the Price Center earlier this 
week, but there was only a sparse turnout. 

Lights & Sirens 
A record of police actions taken from the log book of the 
UCSD Police for the period April ~5-May 1: 
Wednesday, Apnl1S: 
11 :10 am.: A student reported the theft of a backpack, wallet, and other property from the Revelle 
Cafeteria last Thursday night. Loss: $107. 
3 :40 p .m.: A student reponed the theft of a blue 1987 Yamaha scooter from Lebon Drive. Loss: $200. 
6 :22 p.m. : A student reponed the theft of his calculator from Galbraith Hall. Loss: $150. 
Thursday. April 26: 
10:30a.m.: A police unit recovered a stoienUCSD golfcart from Torrey Pines GolfCowse. The ow ner 
was notified. 
11 :45 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a 1979 Toyota Corolla from a UCSD parking lot. Loss: 
$1,500. 
1.-30 p .m.: A staff member reported the thlett of cash from the Fifth College Residents Life office. Loss: 
$240. 
2:(}() p.m.: A staff men1ber reported the theft of cash from Grove Caf'fC receipts. Loss: $420. 
4 :(}() p.m.: A staff member reported the theft of music synthesizers from Mandeville Center. Loss: 
$1,710. 
7:08 p.m.: San Diego Police recovered the stolen Toyota Corolla. 
Friday, April rT: 
4:00 am.: A staff member reported the thcftof an oscillOSCOpe from the Engineering Building. Loss: 
$1,200. 
9:00 p.m: A woman reported battery to her person at the La Jblla Del Sol apartments. 
Saturday, April 28: 
1 :30a.m.: A 29-year-old was arrested fordriving under the iDftuence afterdrMngbis 1988 Toyota into 
a curb on Voigt Drive by Wanen Field. His 24-year-old passenger was arrested for public drunkenness. 
The driver was taken to County Jail, the passenger to a detoxificaUon cenllerJ 
Suaday, Aprill9: 
1:30 a.m.: An officet'reported vandalism to the external west wail of the Basic Science Building. 
12:05 p.m.: An 80-year-old man fainted in a campus parlting lot. The victim refused treatment. 
Moaday, April 30: 
10:30a.m.: A student reponed the theft ofa wallet and cellular phone from biscar in acamplL'S parking 
lot. Loss: $923. 
4:00p.m.: A U.S. PosIaJ Service truck struck an Open House Banner while moving across a road near 
the Registrar's office. ripping a wooden light post out of the ground. Tbe pole landed on three cars, 
breaking the windshield of one of the vehicles. No injuries were reported. 
Tuesday, May 1: . 
4 :39 p.m.: A student was transported from the Mesa Apartments to Scripps MemoriaIHospital and then 
to County Mental Health after a suicide attempt. 

RES E R V E 0 F Fie E R S' T R A I N I N G COR P S 

• 2-year scholarships available 

STUI' 1008 aJMB 
TOeABED 

':r TBIS SUMMER: 
Apply now for .... ", .. k. of Army IOTC 
_p.....,;.,g. You'll deftIop_ 
Ind ~ ... nIiaI for career IIUCC."ea. 
And you1l qIIIIIo/y 10 ... __ ~ .... 
.holo camploting ~. 

Contact Major Stan Metzger 
815944943 

NEWS 7 

PEPPERONI PIZZA ~AST 
. Two Medium 

One Me(ilum pIZZAS 
pIZZA OR pi ... 

$8.99r: $12.99 '" 
.. QlUGINALorPANPI.... II One rne<iilJm Oomlno S ndPt:ra~foI" • 

loaded wiln """. ~;.,.n.. <>nO for juSt 
ONLY 58.99 plus .... or " .. 
54.00"""'" • 

, 6/J1J/9IJ. Good 'lI'"J1Idp"bng IoatloN- • . • 
~~ with.nyother-· 

•• ITS TIME FOR DOMINO'S PIZZA. N Umited deiw<'( area to ensure 
CALL US! 
452-UCSD 
3211 HOIl.day Ct. 

loss than $20. 

UCSD and Ben & Jell,'. 
BREAK A WORLD RECORD 
the most people stud ing in one area at one time 

bring your books I . a c",i\~\ 
. \}~\~~ 

SATUDAY, lAY 5, 1990 
na _ • JIIII'IICI CI'·. 
.. aD ,.,..._ ... - .......... ! 

sponsored by Inter-College Residence Hall Association 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

The UCSD Guardian Photo Depal hllent Announces the . 

A Day In the Life Of UCSD 
Photograpb~ ami,. 

Friday, May 31- 24 Hours 

-..O,.e. to .... e.",. UCSD c ..... "" 
tIte conte., wi" .. 'ull ..... y • " .... .,' 
prole .. ' ... ' ... oto'ourn.II ... . 

Winning entries will be published in the Guardian 

Entry forms and information will be available 
at the Guardian offices beginning Monday. 

For more information, contact 
Rimas or Gall at 534-6582. 

University Bookstore Computer Center 
Apple Days Sale May 1-31, 1990 

A.S. 
Continued from page 1 
actual I y needed $1,000 for its event 
began during the portion of the 
meeting devoted to public input. 
Victor Nieblas of MEChA said 
that the A.S. had set a precedent by 
allocating $1,000 to AASU, and 
should therefore not amend its 
funding request. 

In an attempt to restore the 
request to $1.000 from $875, an 
amendment was submitted, add-
ing $125 to the allocation for invi-
tations and printing costs. 

"This sounds like a tit-for-a-tat 
attitude," Commissioner of Uni-
versity Center Board Jason Car-
bone said. 

Lobby Annex Director Stepha-
nie DeLaTorre explained why 
MEChA needed the entire $1,000. 

"Just because we have asked ... 
provosts for funding on specific 
items doesn't mean we are going 
to get the amount we are asking 
for. Provosts fund for college-spe-
cific events, and this is a campus-
wide event, so we're running into 
problems. We aren't going to get 
the funding we need [from other 
sources]," DeLaTorre said. 

MEChA members also cited the 
need for the extra funding. 

Mac Plus (comptete with keyboard) Mac SE with 28 Mb hard drive· Mac SFi30 with 40Mb hard drive· 

$917 

·~d ..... bc pwdouod.,....ly. 

Mac lIa with 40Mb hard drive·· Mac lIet with 40Mb bard drlve--

$3407 

A 2 % discount will be 
given for cash purchases. 

Monitors 
Monochrome $270 

Color $678 

Printers 
LaserWriter nsc$1835* 
LaserWriter JlNT $3055** 

&-9_.-=:. ___ ...... 
"..._ .... -....... 

JmageWrfler II $459 

$4427 

Two-Page $1121 Portrait $750 

Keyboards 
Appte extended keyboard $158 

For additional information call 534-4291. 
Pritel effective May 1·31 only. Please refcrloctigibililY n:quiranenll. 

Thursday, May 3, 1990 

"We only felt we could ask for 
a maximum of $1,000 [from the 
A.S.) . . . now we don't have to pay 
for facility rental," MEChA mem-
ber Luis Ramirez said. "That's 
great. It is less of a burden on us. 
But we still need the $1,000 to 
fund everything else. We have sent 
leners to the provosts, but they are 
running out offunds." 

The bill was amended, but not 
quietly. 

Ilona McGriff said that while 
she supported a MEChA gradu-
ation ceremony, she was person-
ally offended that MEChA mem-
bers would attempt to use the fact 
that the AASU received $1,000 to 
get what they wanted. She ex-
pressed hope that MEChA mem-
bers would apologize to the AASU. 

"What I said was a fact and not 
a ploy. As far as [McGriff] taking 
offense, I hadn't intended it that 
way," Nieblas responded. 

The bill was finally passed after 
two roll call votes, the first of which 
was invalidated because two 
members who had voted on the bill 
were also MEChA members. 

FACTS FOR VOTERS 
WHEN IS IT NECESSARY 
TO RE·REGISTER 
TO VOTE? 
1. If you move or change your 
name (due to marriage or court 
order). 
2. If you change your poIitic;aI party 
affiliation. 
HOW DO I REGISTER? 
WHERE: You may obtain a regis-
tration form by calling the Regis-
trar pf Voters .............. 6M-MOO 
OR by calling the Secretary of 
State "Vol8r Hot Line" 
Toll Free •.•.•..•. 1-8OC).346-VOTE 
TOO line .........•. 1-8CJ0.833.8683 
WHO MAY REGISTER 
TO VOTE? 
1. A citizen of the United Slates 
2. A resident of California 
3. Nol in prison or on parole for the 
conviction of a felony. 
4. AI least 18 years of age on the 
date of the next election. 
NOTE: II you have just moved to 
California, there is no waiting pe-
riod required to regisler. You will 
be eligible to vote in any election 
held 29 or more days after the 
date of your registration. 
WHERE WILL I VOTE? 
Approximately two weeks before 
an election, you wWI receive a 
sample ballot from the Registrar 
of Voters office. Your polling place 
will be listed on the back of the 
sample ballot pamphlet. 
HOW TO APPLY FOR 
A MAIL BALLOT 
An application for a mail ballot is 
on the back of your sample ballot 
pamphlet. You may complete this 
application and mail it 10 the Reg-
Islrar 01 Voters office. 
You may also wrl le to the RegiS-
trar of Voters and request a mail 
ballot. This written application 
must contain your printed name, 
reSidence address, the name anll 
date of the election for which you 
are requesting the ballot, the ad· 
dress where you want the ballot 
mailed, and your signature. You 
may apply for a mall ballot as 
early as 60 days prior to an elec-
tion. 
Themail ballot voting period 
begins on the 29th day before an 
election. Applications must be 
received by mall no later than 7 
days BEFORE an election. For 
mall ballot voting information, call 
6844415. 
CAN I WORK AT THE 
POLLSONELECT1ON DAY? 
If you are Interested in being a 
polls officer, andIor can suggest a 
polls location, call 694-3400. 

Thursday, May 3, 1990 

, .. -

--

_. 

-AJomoso' '79 
Albany, NY' '139 
AI .. -. LA" '119 
Allentown' '139 
AmoriMo' '79 
A_' '79 
Arionto '119 
AHonhc.:(lly· '139 
Austin '119 
Baltimore '139 
Iango<' '139 
Baton Rouge '119 
&eoumont/Port Arthur' '119 
B;Hing, '79 
IIinghomton' '139 po ..... ,. 

'119 
....... '139 
lie ........ '79 
1ridg6por" '139 
8ufIoIo '139 
"";"g-, VT '139 
ea.po<' '79 
a..y.... '79 

Chi<~' _ '119 
Chkogo,IO'Hote '119 
CIowIaod __ '139 
Cody' '79 
CQIIoge Soat;on. _ '119 
~ado Sprinp_ '79 
toIumI.., OIL _ '119 
C""""o.;Ji __ '119 
00II0t,ft. -..._ '119 _ ___ '79 
_ ____ '139 

Ilunoogo' '79 
E!mim' ____ '139 
frie' ____ '139 
__ NM' __ '79 
Ai"" '139 
Ft. louderdo&e __ '119 
Ft."..,.., '119 
Gil"""" _ _ '79 
Grvnd Junction '79 
G<ond ....... ' '139 
Gul/pcrIjB<Io,;' _ '119 
GunrMJon' .... _ "79 
Harlingen _ "1t9 

Hom.bu.~ 
""w~nd' '139 

Honfo<d/Spriftgf)old '139 
Hou$1on '119 
HYDnml 

'. '139 Indio~i' -:- '119 
hhoco' ' 139 
JocluonHo'" '79 
JodI sonotille '119 
l(oklfYKuoo,'lot"- C,.· '139 
ICaruos Cit 'I '119 
"*"-,. '119 
loIoyotto.LA_ _ '119 
LOke CIoorios· __ '119 
Uonoing' - '139 
LONdo' '119 
looAnploo ~ 
loui,viU. '119 
WbboU,0 179 
___ '139 

~. '1l9 
_\ V--'"_ '139 
_ '119 
_ '119 

-
'1l9 

.... IIFalil/St~ '119 

-
'119 

-
_ '79 

_10 '119 _. 
'79 

--r '139 
.......... 

'119 

--

'139 
_0.-. '119 
_~"_'139 
__ ".... __ ·139 

-. '139 -_. 
'119 

<lItIaho-. City __ '119 
0.-. '119 
a...... '119 
liM... '119 
........,..... '139 
"-'ia ~ 
_. '119 

......... _ _ '139 
_Ml '139 
_ '139 
_. '79 
..... Ooy. __ '119 
."'-ton. '" _ __ '139 
.... Springo' '79 
SagInaw' _ _ '139 
SolI IGIt. Ooy '79 
Son ...... • __ '119 
Son_ '119 

5ara~"' .... , '119 5<_ '119 
_ '139 
_. '79 
~. '119 
__ '1l9 

5poIt-. '79 
51. LouIo '119 
_Springo' __ '79 
s,.-' '139 

~--'_'119 
_ '79 

..... '139 

..... tM 
__ '119 

-....,O'C' __ ·139 _____ ·119 
Wichita t'" -. _ ___ '139 

The UCSD Guardian 

ISO, 

• 

I U 

• 

Continental announces outrageous 
stUdent fares. $139 or less each way. 

You've sludied hard all year (well, olmostl. Now Lts lime to toke off for the 
summer. And Continental wonts to give you a break. Wherever you're 
headed, there's a good chance you con hilch a ride with us. For only $139 or 
less per person each way. And you can bring oIong 0 friend of any age 
for the some price, whether they're in school or not. 

Bul don't procrastinate. You hove to p.Kchose tickels within 24 hours 01 

ress, 

, 

.s. 

making your reservation and no loter lhan May 25. Plus travel must be completed by June 20. So call your travel ogent or Continental at 
619·232·9155 or at 1·800·525-0280 for reservations. And as soon as you finish that lost exam, we'l get you oolta there. 

CONTINENTAL 
Working to' be your choice. 

9 



\ 

10 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 3,1990 

Features 
Health 

Fun in the Sun: Lesse~ed'­
Due to Risk of Skin Cancer 
• Story by Ramine 8ahrembagi 
S14//WriJer 

The woman was blond, blue eyed, fairskinned, 
and had a heavy tan. Now, 10 years later, her skin 
is wrinkled and leathery, and she was recently di-
agnosed as having a malignant melanoma, a seri-
ous form of skin cancer. 

As summer approaches, inevitably more and 
more people will be spending time under the sun, 
many ending up wilh tanned and golden bodies. 

But later in life these sunbathers could be 
surprised b)'- harmful and even deadly forms of 
ski n cancer. 

According to officials at the Student Health 
Center, skin cancer is one of the most common 
forms of cancer, with 530,000 cases diagnosed 
each year in the United States. 

Cases of the most serious type, malignant 
melanoma, seem to be on the rise, as most of the 
reported 82,000 deaths from skin cancer in 1989 
were due to melanoma. 

The risk of kin cancer and prematurely-aging 
kin is directly related to the extent and severity 

of exposure to the sun's harmful , ultra-violet rays. 
The effects of these rays may become visible 

later in life (wi thin 10- 15 years), and officials say 
it is therefore importantto take precautions now to 
avoid future harmful effects. 

There is no such thing as safe sunbathing, 
according to Kaleen Usenik, a student health 
educator. 

" We would like ... ' tan as healthy ' to be a thing 
of the past," she said. 

Usenik added that there are still students who 
" think of a tan as good looking and healthy." She 
mentioned that several physical education instruc-
tors, who contacted her at the beginning of this 
quarter, expressed concern over the number of 
students returning from Spring Break with severe 
cases of sunburn. 

Even so, Usenik said that people are getting the 
message that exposure to the sun is dangerous. 

Experts advise that if you are going to spend 
time in the sun - cycling, painting the house, or 
just relaxing under the sun while reading a book -
a sunscreen is necessary in order to protect your 
body. 

There are over 20 kinds of sunscreens, and 
some offer better protection from the sun than oth-
ers. According to the American Cancer Society, a 
sunscreen rated with a sun protection factor (SPF) 
of 15 is usually adequate. 

The SPF of a sunscreen refers to the relative 
length of time you can stay in the sun before you 
will bum. 

See SUN, page 11 

Koala's Humor 
Not So Cuddly 
For SOlDe Students 
Despite Accusations of Sexism, 
Newspaper's Humor Still Popular 
By RENEE ADAMS 
Staff Writer 

The purpose of the Koala is to 
publish comedy and "bring life to 
this rather apathetic campus," 
according to Greg Waypa, co-edi-
tor of the Koala. 

Even though the intent ofWaypa 
and the Koala staff seems rather 
hamlless, the paper has been the 
focus of great criticism from stu-
dents . According to staff mem-
bers, the; Koala has even received 
death threats from angry readers. 

Extremely popular and vehe-
mently maligned at the same time, 
the KoaLa is an example of the dif-
ficulties involved in writing com-
edy on oampus. 

According to Per Caroe, budg-
etary manager of the Koala, the 
paper first became controversial in 
1982, during its first year of publi-
cation, when it printed an article 
stating that UCSD was getting a 
football team. 

Immediately many un uspect-
ing men tried to sign up for the 
team, and the future course was set 
for the Koala. 

Today, the publication is the 
only paper of its kind in the UC 
system funded by the Associated 
Students. 

The present Koala staff con-
sists of "a bunch of psychotic 
neurotics, brilliant people, a lot of 
good writers," Caroe said. Because 
the staff is entirely made up of 
volunteers, "we attract bizarre and 
funny people," he added. 

Perhaps to illustrate Caroe's 
point, staff writer Katy Tyler com-
mented: "I joined the Koala be-
cause all my fish died except one." 

Many students find the Koala's 
brand of humor barely funny, and 
the paper has been attacked by 
several student organizations. 

The Committee for World 
Democracy, a leftist organization, 
has charged that the Koala per-
petuates stereotypes. The publica-
tion also regularly receives criti-
cism from people at the Women 's 
Resource Center. 

"A lot of women come to us to 
complain about the Koala ," said 
Devra Polack, a member of the 
Women 's Resource Center. 

"The Koala is degrading to-
wards women. Women are dis-
turbed that in their articles the Ko-
ala portrays rape and sex ual vio-
lence as something funny , thereby 
promoting the altitude that rape 
can be tolerated. 

"If you ever knew a woman 

who is in fear of rape or has been 
raped, it is a horrible experience 
for them. It is not something to be 
laughed at," she added. 

Polack admitted that the Koala 
helps to relieve stress, and she said 
the humor paper is actually funny 
at times. 

But she added that while "it is 
okay to poke fun at people who 
take themselves too seriously, such 
as fraternities and the A.S., it is not 
okay to make fun of oppressed 
groups who are nottaken seriously 
anyhow. The Koala justifies treat-
ing them as nonhumans." 

Polack encouraged female stu-
dents to become involved with the 
Koala because "the opinions in the 
Koala are male dominated. We 
don' t expect men to speak for us, 
only to be more supportive." 

Caroe admitted that the 
Women's Resource Center is of-
ten justified when it criticizes the 
Koala . 

"A large portion of the staff is 
male, so of course we write about 
women. Sometimes we don ' t real-
ize what the implications are of 
what we are saying," Caroe ex-
plained. 

According to members of the 
Koala staff, it is hard to recruit 
women to write for the newspaper. 
They said that women may be in-
timidated because they believe 
"nice girls don't think that." 

Caroe said that when a ques-
tionable article is submitted,Koala 
staffers are often divided about 
whether it should be published. 

"Sometimes we get into fighrs ... 
doors will be slamming [over which 
articles to publish]," Caroe said. 

According to Koala policy, 
three staffers must read submitted 
articles. If two enjoy it, it gets pub-
lished. If someone laughs out loud 
while reading an article, it is auto-
matically accepted. 

Sometimes possibly offensive 
articles must be accepted as space-
fillers or because people insist on 
having articles published, Caroe 
commented. 

According to co-editor Waypa, 
"you grow to hate the articles after 
working with them. You can' t tell 
whether they are funny any more." 

"It is hard to recognize that 
people will be reading the articles," 
Koala co-editor Greg Huffs tutter 
commented. "Sometimes you write 
for yourself ... it i hard to know 
what other people like." 

Said Caroe: "Sometimes we for-
get that we are just writing comedy 

See KOALA, page 11 

Thursday, May 3,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

KOALA: Staff Member Claims That 
Students 'Want Us to be Bad and Nasty' 
Continued from page 10 
and take ourselves too seriously." 

However, "We cannot go 
around offending people. We care 
and do not want to make people 
mad," Caroe said. 

Nonetheless, "there are so 
many groups on campus it is hard 
not to offend someone," Huffstut-
ter said. 

According to Caroe, "We have 
a very ethnic staff. Often people do 
not realize that we are maldngjokes 
about ourselves ... people get up-
set at the truth sometimes." 

Said Koala staffer Tyler: 
"People also want us to be bad and 
nasty. They like the controversy." 

According to Byron Morton, 
spokesman for the Committee for 
World Democracy, the Koala is 
not responsible to its readers be-
cause it refuses to print critical let-
ters. 

"It is my opinion that if You 
disagree with them they will ig-
nore you .... They should be able to 
stand the heat," he said. 

"It is not our policy to apolo-
gize," Huffstutter responded. 

However, according to Caroe, 
"we consider their complaints and 
try to apologize and explain . .. but 
sometimes [people] are extremely 

rude." 
Ironically, because the Koala is 

"totally anti-Greek, the fraterni-
ties are the Koala ' • .-ost dedicated 
faction," said DavN Hirto, presi-
dent ofthe-Delta T .. Delta frater-
nity. 

According to lIrko, • former 
writer for the Koaitl. the newspa-
per does not pfOlDOte malicious 
stereotypes. 

"People take Jhe«oaI4r too seri-
ously. TheKoalaia.-ouM,power-
ful. We would be Mtina ourselves 
too seriously if we were offended. 
Hopefully we allla!Dw better," he 
explained. 

Some people 011 cllIIIpUs won-
der whether the KotIla fulfills its 
purpose of being funny to all stu-
dents. 

"The Koala excludes from its 
audience those people who need it 
most -namely oppressed groups," 
said Polack, a Women's Resource 
Center member. 

"The Koala is arbitrarily tough 
on people ... I do not believe it's 
meant to be funny," said Litera-
ture/Writing Professor Bob Dom. 

Instead, he feels people read the 
KoaLa because "there is a bubbling 
current of nihilism these days. 
People can see in the Koala their 

,The Koala is 
more like a white 
rap group with a 
mimeomachine., 

- Bob Dom, Litarature/ 
writing Professor 

own doubts and fears about what's 
out there. 

"The Koala is definitely not a 
newspaper. It is not insightful 
enough," Dom continued. "The 

SUN 
Continued from page 10 

Among warning signals for skin 
cancer are changes in color or size 
of moles, darkly pigmented 
growths or spots, and unusual 
changes in the skin. According to 
experts, these should be checked 
immediately. 

Doctors give the following 
ad'lice to help prevent skin cancer: 

• Protect yourself from the sun 
between 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. , when 
the sun rays are the strongest. 

• Be careful on cloudy days. 
Seventy percent of the sun's harm-
ful rays penetrate the clouds. 

• Wear sunglasses and loose-

Koala is more like a white rap 
group with a mimeomachine." 

Despite " the crap we have to 
deal with," Caroe said, the Koala 
staff feels the newspaper achieves 
its purpose of entertaining people. 

"People will stop our carts. How 
many people stop the Guardian's 
carts?" Waypa pointed out. 

According to Huffstutter, many 
students ask for specific back is-
sues, while others send issues to 
friends. 

The staff knows that many 
people do find them funny. "I wish 
I could be as funny as they are," 
Hirko said. 

fitting, light-weight clothing to 
prevent sun damage. 

Frce brochures and sunscreen 
are currently available at the 
Revelle Sundry Store, the Price 
Center, M .O .M., Warren Resi-
dence Office, Peterson Hall, Fifth 
Residence Hall, Fifth Residence 
Hall Annex Building 701, Can-
yonview, and the Student Health 
Center. 

Also thjs week breast and tes-
ticular self-exams will be the sub-
ject of workshops taking place at 
all five colleges. 

According to Usenik, skin, tes-
ticular, and breast cancers often 

FEATURES 11 

Despite the controversy about 
its humor, the Koala has become 
somewhat famous. As Caroe said: 
"It is a symbol of UCSD." 

Hirko saves all the issues of the 
Koala: "I like going back and read-
ing them. They are a symbol of 
what college life was like at 
UCSD." 

In the newspaper's current is-
sue, the Koala staff promises "to 
clean up our act. Sorta get rid of the 
old ways that caused us all that 
trouble in the past. " 

Whether their apparent change 
in attitude is a joke or not remains 
to be seen. 

affect college students. Skin and 
testicular cancers can occur while 
people are in their 205, she said. 
Healthy behavior during this time 
can also help prevent breast, lung 
and uterine cancers, she said. 

As in all cancers, early detec-
tion is the key, according to ex-
perts. The American Cancer Soci-
ety estimates that 76millionAmeri-
can now liv ing will develop some 
form of cancer. 

It is estimated that over one 
million new cases of cancer will be 
reported this year. Of those people 
diagnosed, 4.9 out of 10 will be 
alive after five years. 

DAN MANKIN & MARK SACKETT ARE 
UCSD POLICY FORUM 
To provide the San Piego cpmmunity 
with opportunities to explore important 
public poliCY issyes drawing on the 
expertise of UCSD faculty and 
distingYished olf-caropCJs eXPerts 

Adjusting to the End of the Cold 
War: Economic Implications 
for the State and the Nation 
Division of Social Sciences and Department of Ecor.mnlcs 

With the recent political shifts throughout Europe, the United States is 
determined to reduce its overall military spending-on troops, on weapons, 
and on research and development. These expenditures in the past have 
played a major role in California's robust economy. The panelists will 
discuss the probable economic consequences of expected defense reduc-
tions for both California and the San Diego region and speculate on possible 
new directions. This session will be moderated by IIIchHI Roth«:hlld, 
Professor of Economics and Dean of Social Sciences at UCSD. 
Present .... : 
J.", .. HoNk, head of the Economics Department for the RAND Corpora-
tion, Santa Monica, is a specialist in defense manpower economics. Dr. 
Hosek's current research includes alternative policies for drawing down 
force strength among othet facets of military manpower supply and he has 
published widely on military manpower and budget topics. He is also editor 
of The Rand Journal of Economics, which publishes theoretical and applied 
articles concerning industrial organization, regulation, law, and economics. 
Larry Kimbrell, Professor of Business Economics and Director of the 
Business Forecasting Project at the Graduate School of Management, 
UCLA, directs a staff of ten who publish quarterly forecasts on the California 
economy covering hundreds of economic indicators. He has achieved the 
second highest average forecasting accuracy record over the last decade 
and is a widely recogniied researcher and consultant. 

Monday, May 7, 7:30 p.m. 
Price Center Theater 

Oueltlon.? For IddItIonIIlnformItIon, piIIM conIIct the Division 0/ SocII! ScIInc:n, 534-6073 

AUDBVILLB 

MAY 16 
WEDNESDAY 
8PM 
MANDEVILLE AUD. 
G.A. $10 
STUDENTS $6 
UCSD FAC./STAfF 
& SR. en $8 
~~~ 

OUVBAU 
"AN ENTIRELY HILARIOUS SHOW" 

The Son francisco Chronide 



12 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

High School Students Participate in 
College Bowl Competition at UCSD 
By CHERIE PIA TKIEWrCZ 
Guardian Reporter 

While the mu ic throbbed from 
the Cultural Celebration out ide 
Peterson HalI on Sunday. inside 
the atmosphere wa serious and 
hushed. About 100 student from 
16 San Diego County high . chools 
ball led for UC D scholarships in 
the ninth annual College Bowl. 

filled the lobby of Peterson Hall 
before simultaneous question-and 
answer-style competitions lOok 
place in both lecture halls. The 
fast-paced matches included ques-
tions about subjects ranging from 
global warming to past Academy 
Award winners. 

High School secured second place 
and a 1.000 scholarship, and third 
place (and a $7 50 scholarship) \Vt:nt 
to Lutheran High School of San 
Diego. 

The most exciting match of the 
day was between La Jolla and 
Lutheran High Schools, both of 
which remained undefeated until 
near the end of the tourname nt. 

The regular 14-minUle ques-
tion period ended in a tie after the 
lead had changed severa l times. 
The La Jolla team answered the 
tie-breaking question correctly in 
ovenime, and remained undefeated 
throughout the rest of the tourna-
ment. 

Beginning at 10 a.m .. an ious 
participant. coache . and parent 

La JolIa High School won the 
tournament and $1,750 in scholar-
ship money for the second con-
ecutive year, Rancho Buena Vista 

In addition to the scholarship 
money, funded by the UCSD 
Scholarship Office, the winning 
team is honored by having the name 
of it chool inscribed on a trophy 
that i displayed at the annual 
competition. 

Torrey Pines High School, 
which has won the tournament 
three times in the past, was disap-

AppleCare 
Half price sale! 

Buy the AppleCare extended warranty 
now for 12 months and only pay for 
6 months! 

Add AppleCare to existing warranty on your Macintosh computer 
or buy new coverage. This offer good for a limited time only! 
(Expires May 31, 1990.) Limited to 1 year purchase. 

For further information, call the Computer Center 
at 534-4291 

; C:6unC:ii ··"Rq~Ei ·ClrI6 . i·cj~·i·~·q '·PRE!:;en,,·'! 
.. ', ..................... , ........................ -.. , ....... -......................................... , ..... ' ...... ..... , ......... , .......... , .............................. , ...... . 

., 

::::.. .. 
. .;::::><: :::::::::::::::.:. :.;. <-:':'. "::.: :::: ... -::::::>:':-:':-:':::::-::>. 

Ead(~ol1~g:~::~.ame wi~J::M~ ~el~f()n .. 

.... ·· ••• ·"ij~9·.·.ri 
.. :-:.,, An all ~~~:~~~S u~~'i g~·~~::,:'¥il fb:~:: ~eld on ):;:-. 

' ~~y~~ " 
. ::-:::.. .l:Wthe :Qld Tt.ton J>.:~b at :ijptn ';:::. 

••• zli! :::/ ••• , •• I·::TO 111*0.,): 
}:\.MD lu •• iL: 'AI*Ii! 

Doo.L.; .. \::. ZI·. Y-, ,1Ia /:!If,::: .:::;":.: .. . ... :':,::-: IF.' ... . .. . ". :·t:· -:<> .. 
...• ::;::;:;::::::::::::::::::::::> :-. -:<. : .• 

.;.; 

>.~ 
'1 ~ 

=== i ~~ 
I 
i 

4 ~~ ~I 
i >.~ 

=I! ~ 
~ 

WED • MAY 9 • 7:30 PM 
UCSD MANDEVILLE 

AUDITORIUM 
77CJ1C"~..cIS7W"". 

_.C~.MaI .. '0.. et.,.7 •. " •• 

Thursday, May 3, 1990 

pointed by losses to University 
City High and Lutheran High and 
an early elimination. 

Lutheran High School , which 
did not make it past the prelimi -
nary competition last year, was 
the surprise teum of the day. 1I 
won consecutively throughout the 
day, but finally lost to the two top 
team. 

Lee Kell y-Gillen, coach ofRan-
cho Buena Vista High School, was 
pleased by her team' move for-
ward from. last year's third place 
pOSition to second place this year. 

See BOWL, page 13 

IN 
ASSOCIAlION 
WITH UCSD 

tDM 

-

Thursday, May 3, 1990 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 13 

BOWL 
Continued from page 12 

A veteran of the competition, 
Kelly-Gillen also coached the Vista 
High team in 1987 when itwon the 
tournament. 

scorekeepers, and judges. 
Student Outreach and Recruit-

ment (S.O.A.R.) hosted the com-
petition. S.O.A.R. member Liora 
Gutierrez and Revelle College 
Dean Ernie Mort, founder of the 
contest, coordinated the event. 

can divide the $1,750 in scholar-
ship money among all team mem-
bers who will attend UCSD in the 
fall, no student inLaJolla's High 's 
learn plans to attend UCSD. In-
stead, the money will be saved for 
the school's College Bowl team 
next year. 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

le. QI,j"V .;.)\ 

- HOURS: 11-10:30 Sun .-Thurs. 
11-11 Fri . & Sat. 

LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd" Ste. lOB 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

1_'0' 
' .. \ ,/tCil 10101'0 Mon (01<)" , 

~.o 
..... ,boO. 

"J( 

. {-

.: 

A committee of approximately 
20 UCSD students, most of whom 
participated in College Bowl as 
high school students, organized the 
event and also worked throughout 
the day as timers, moderators , 

Bill Stiles from S.O.A.R. stood 
in as substitute coordinatorforthe 
day and. worked with the student 
volunteers to make the matches 
run smoothly. 

Rancho Buena Vista High 
School team member Thien Dinh 
will study at UCSD next fall and 
will receive the full $1,000 for the 
team 's second-place win. 

--------------------

• • • 

Although the first place team 
I I 
I 250/0 OFF~~f::'~ I I 71 large frozen yogurt I 
I Void with ony other ott9<, Toppings not included, expires 5/6/90. I L ____________________ ~ 

~~ ........ 911 

Ilsome records are made to be broken ••• 
tJii rmJing StOiiiS 

sI!Yd!! ooIlection. 
the london years 

3 CD SET 
48.99 

4 CASSEnES 
34.99 

ALL ABKCO 
ROLLING STONES 

CDS & 
CASSETTES 

ARE ON 
SALE NOW! 

We I.ds May If 1990 

others are mode and become a way of life." 
• England's Newest Hit Makers· 12 X 5 • The Rolling Stones. Now! • Out Of Our Heads· December's Children (And Everybody's) • 

• IIg Hits (1IIgIt Tide And Green Grass) • Aftermath· Between The Buttons· Flowers · Beggar's Banquet. Their Satanic Majesties Request • 
• Through The Past, Darkly· let It 8IeecI • 'Get Yer Yo-Yo's Out • Hot Rocks • Got live If You Want It I • Mare Hot Rocks • 

~ .. ~ .... ~O~PEiiN 'AM TO MIDNIGHT· 365 DAYS A YEA~R ....... 

~~~~ ELCAJON 
796 Fletcher Parkway 

across from Parkway Plaza 
OP.N 10 AM TO 10 PM 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 

VIDEO 
3393 Kemper 51. 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Cajon Blvd. 

next to Art 5t. Post Off . 

'I4."u/ulured by 

iIIIIII:II RECORDS 
1100 Brod...,.,. It_ York. N.Y lOUI' 

• 

-



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Sports 
USA COLLEGIATE WOMEN'S WATER POLO NATIONALS 

Unbeaten and On a Mission 
By DOUG SHADDLE 
StajfWriter 

Teams have been known to 
take a loss and build on it as a 
learning experience. The loss be-
comes known as a character-
builder. 

The 1990 UCSD women 's 
water polo team has to go back 
quite a ways to find a loss. 

In fact, the team's last defeat 
was aboutthi time last year-in 
the National Championship game, 
when the Tri tons fell one goal 
shon to UC Santa Barbara. 

This weekend, the heavily-
favored Tritons (21-0-2, 24-0-2 
including exhibition games) look 
to advance, once again, to the 
championship game. 

This time, they expectto win it 
all. 

"It comes down to this,"UCSD 
Head Coach Denny Harper said. 
"We'll have to play really bad 
and some otherteams will have to BrIan Morris/Guardian 
play really well for us to lose." Toya Ellis and her scoring prowess will be one of the keys for UCSD in the national tourney. 

UCSD heads to Brown Uni-
versity in Providence, Rhode Is-
land as the top seed in the eight 
team National Tournament. 

Other top seeds are UCSB, 
UC Davis, and Slippery Rock 
State of Pennsylvania. Harvard, 
Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, Michi-
gan, and host Brown round out 
the field. 

The Tritons open the tourna-
ment against eighth-seeded 
Brown, and do not anticipate any 
problems until they meet UC 

Santa Barbara, most likely on 
Saturday morn ing. 

UCSD is 3-0 against UCSB in 
regular season play th is year, 
having defeated the Gauchos 9-
7, 6-5, and most recently, 12-8. 

"It's difficult to beat anyone 
fourtimes in one season," Harper 
said. "But if we handJe Santa 
Barbara, ] don't see anyone stop-
ping us." 

According to Harper, the key 
to victory is the Tritons' tena-

d ous defense, led by senior goalie 
Jefi Paulsen. 

"If Jefi plays well, she' s hard 
to beat," he said. 

Offensively, Harper expects 
his team's varied attack to be 
overwhelming. 

"Our offense is so varied, and 
comes at you from so many di-
rections, it 's a great scoring 
threat," Harper said. 

He said that he expects sen-
iors Toya Ellis and Amy Halley 

to have some impressive games. 
"The Tritons finished second last 

year and third the year before. 
The last time UCSD won the 

National Championship was in 
1986, and, according to Harper, 
this year's team is better and wants 
it more. 

"The team has been rather 
business-like all season, but now 
it' s gearing up for playoff time . .. I 
don't see anyone beating us," he 
said. 

Thursday, May 3,1990 

Men's Tennis 
Escapes With 
5-4 Victory 
OverPLNC 
By DANA CHAIKEN 
Sports Editor 

Although the UCSD men's ten-
nis team's match was just across 
town at Point Lorna Nazarene, a 
glance at the lineup might lead one 
to think that several ofthe Tritons' 
top players got lost en route. 

Either that or they arrived just in 
time to jump into their respective 
doubles matches. 

In UCSD's 5-4 victory on Tues-
day, only tw() of the Tritons' singles 
mainstays competed in singles, as 
Head Coach Jon Hammermeister 
"left the top guys out because it was 
the last match, and I wanted to give 
the lower guys a chance." 

In the top singles match, Triton 
Chris BelloH, ranked 34th nation-
ally, became the latest victim to 
Crusader Hans Hoegstedt . The lat-
ter, who downed BelloH 6-4, 6-4, is 
undefeated against UCSD (12-10, 
ranked third nationally). 

Alan Yap and Carter Hedrick, at 
number two and three singles, both 
made the most of their first matches 
before falling in three sets. 

Mike Rintala, Brian Beattie, and 
Jeff Beathard all cruised in two sets 
in the last three singles matches. 

Belloli and Sig Huber, ranked 
third nationally as a team, fell in the 
top doubles match, 3-6, 6-3, 6-2. 

Francois Monnar and Tim Ditzler 
won in three, and Beathard and 
Randy Char scored a match-clinch-
ing victory, 7-6, 6-2. 

Baseball Cranks Offense Back Into Gear; Routs Biola, PLNC 
Tritons Break: Out for 17 Runs on 30 Hits in Two Games; Improve ChaQces for Postseason Tournament Bid 

By SRINATH SANDA 
Staff Writer 

First the good news. The UCSD men's baseball team scored a total of 
17 runs in its two games against Biola University on Monday and Point 
Lorna Nazarene College on Tuesday. 

Now, for the bad news ... well, you're going to have to check with the 
Eagles and the Crusaders. 

Together, they scored a combined total of two runs on 11 hits, as 
UCSD (18-15-2) strengthened its position for a possible postseason bid 
with wins over Biola, 4-1, and Point Lorna, 13-I. 

Opening at Biola with J.1. Fisher on the mound, UCSD played some 
of its best defens ive ball of the season according to Head Coach Lyle 
Yates. Fisher (2-5), who went the distance for his second victory, held 
Biola to just two hits . 

The Tritons were also solid at the plate as both Henry J imenez and 
Emie Isola went 3 for 5. 

In addition to the motivation of improving their chances for a possible 
regional bid, the Tritons also had a small incentive of revenge as the 
Crusaders shut them out in February, 2-0. 

This time, however, PLNC (15-30-1), an NAIA schoo), came to 
UCSD with a losing streak and injuries to several key players. 

The host Tritons, who racked up 21 hits in just eight innings, wasted 
no time in taking apart the injury-ridden Crusaders. In the bottom of the 
first, Joe DeFranco cracked a triple off PLNC starting pitcher Tom 
Martin. DeFranco scored on Fisher's RBI single. Ted White also picked 
up an RBI in the inning. 

With Dann Eaton on the hill, the Tritons used solid pitching and 
fielding to hold off the Crusaders. 

The defense only faced one real challenge on the day, and that came 
in the top of the fifth. Crusaders John Fritz, Craig Gastineau, and Brad 
Hardan all managed to find a hole in the Triton infield between third and 

See BASEBALL, pace 18 

BrIu M~1IIUdian 

Although this Triton batter saw fit to lay one down, or up, UCSD hitters broke out of a recent slump 
with 30 hits and 17 runs In two games against BIola and Point Lorna Nazarene earlier this week. 

Thursday, May 3, 1990 

Women's 
Novice Eight 
Finishes 2nd 
at Miller Cup 

Saturday at the UCLA-spon-
sored Miller Cup Invitational in 
Bologna Creek at Marina Del Ray, 
the UCSD novice eight finished 
second to UCLA in the finals oCthe 
women's eight division. 

The women ' s novice four boat 
of coxswain Amy Rasner, Margie 
Wulptang, Megan O'Keefe, Jenny 
Andersen, and Dee Williams 
rowed to a personal best time, but 
still finished 10 seconds behind 
the winning boat from UCLA. 

In the qualifying heat featuring 
the Tritons, UCLA and Loyola 
Marymount B, the women' s eight 
of coxswain Heather Carlson, 
Wendy Conner, E mily Ford, Carol 
Wright, Lori Lovejoy, Erin Adams, 
Hilarey Findiesen, Erika Ostran-
der, and Kim Coles rowed to a sec-
ond place finish behind the Bruins 
and, along with UCLA, advanced 
to the fmals against the winner 
from the first heat, Long Beach 
State. 

The 4gers outsprinted the LMU 
A boat and San Diego State to 
reach the championship. 

-PElEKO 

mJ i'1r --<')r If f >i,IT 
T r1 1c' \.', FF ~ " Jr-r i .,. "11'-,( 

'c. un 

The UCSD Guardian 

FROM LEFf FIELD .•• 
., .... a.a.,,,.,..-r. """,.,., ,,,,1m .,..,. ~ 

Lang -ling ... ,Mt AccoIdin& 10 ~ Director 
Scott Bmn<Ia, ~ Field.· Jbe . field in fRd of Ibe WanaJ 
...... bl .... tbltila·, __ W ................. IIIOIberfield 
ODCIPIpUI DIIIDed W .... wiD JOOO be fOlD up. 

Tbat is. if you COIIIidec five yars toOIL 
Be:radeI taid rbe Ie1d will be die Sde of IOIDO more of &bole 

beeudful. biJbly8llnlctive buiktinp sprouting up afJ ovc:reampus. 
Tbe plaato build bas already been approved. 

The field was oamcd after Clades Pryatel. who died of a heart 
aaack qvcr tea yean aao wbile joggins on what Was tbeu just an 
empry 1ot. Bemdes said. 

A&:contiog to Bemdes, Pryatel was aa employee in die equip-
ment case al-dle time •• Ibe P.E. Depamnent decided to name tho 
new field in bis bonor. 

"There WIll a ceremony •.. His family was Ihere- it was a pretty 
.. mimm.a! moment, .. Bemdea said. . 

SoInICtmg'. milling: The new baseball field doesn't bave 
aname.1be softb.UfioId is also nameless. as is !he new track. The 
Main Gym bas bcencalledatvarious times TritOn Oymand Triton 
Pavilion. 

Is there a trend developing beIe? 
But. then. iflhey give it a name. they might have to tear it up and 

put up a building. . 
Oucb.. 
WhIle HouIevlbll:Oa • ..,.ROte. W8wou1d1iketopoint 

ouUbatN., Reaa.e~ysfiJrIbef.'faD~·s lacn:lsseteam. 
~ ... 

..... Jath!'l traaia~ 

SIMON MIKHAEL 
IMMIGRATION ATTORNEY 
• Business visas for professionals and investors 
• Labor certifications 
• Asylum & deportation defense 
Auent: Arabic and French 
Member: American Immigration Lawyers Association 

FREE INITIAl CONSULTATION 439-6895 
0ceMeicII2103 EI Ca!Ino Rea. SuiIa 1 03A ~ 

SIn DIego 101 West -C- 5ne\, SuiIe 905 233-4431 

It's Time/or the Bestn-

FREE 
DRINK R.FILLS 

PRINCETON : 
REVIEW _ 

Th~ Princeton Rrview is th~ most 
effective LSAT prep CDUne offered 
lod.y. con now for the loclS. 

Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

695 - 9952 

THE ~ 
,J"...,,/or IVUf-U ... ,..".... Cuter 

"-..--, ............. T_s..- _ _ _._. .... n."'-...... 

SPORTS 15 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 
~ By PHIL GRUEN a ~~ '" j (Phil is currently 21·16) " .~-... ~ ~ f • • 

• y- " , The Kentucky Derby ~ 
Favorite Morning Line Underdogs 
Mr. Frisky Who knows?* The Rest 

PHIL'S ANAL YSIS ... Okay, I'll admit it. I know about 
as much about horse racing as the rest of you - I'll go bet 
at the track maybe twice a year, pick up my Daily Hermit, 
lose about 30 bucks, and then go home muttering some-
thing about how it's much easier to win at the blackjack 
tables in Reno. Last year, however, I decided to take the 
Derby seriously. I conducted hours and hours of re-
search, spending days in the library, and contacting 
offices at Del Mar, Santa Anita. and the Meadow lands, to 
name a few . I was debating between Sunday Silence and 
Clevor Trevor. I picked Clevor Trevor. Sunday Silence 
pulled out the victory. Clevor Trevor fi nished 13th, with 
the rest of the mules. Now I could easily go with Mr. 
Frisky - the favorite - but the last time a favorite won 
the Derby, everybody was buying Pet Rocks. Saturday, 
there's really no doubt. Phil advises you to put your 
money down and . . . 

TAKE UNBRIDLED 
'OIIIciaI1ine fIomNewSporu EdUors. He Moved Up. Bay A ... Sooth County. CA 

ACUPUNCTURE.ACUPRESSURE.HERBOLOGY 

Prevent unnecessary surgeries 
Avoid taking drugs 

Restore Health & Vitality 

pain 
stress relief 
fatigue 
sports injury 

addictions 
asthma 
PMS 
migranes 

Most UCSD Insurance Acceptable 
(close proximity to UCSD) 
(619) 275-3851 

Dr. of Oriental Medicine, P. Margaret Wells 

YEARS 
A HEAD 

HAIRCUTS 
byM.-tl 

W ..... $17 (reg. $25) 
.... t14 (reg .. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

Perm .{ HairclU or $50 
Highlighl .{ Haircut 

Fur app ointment. please ("all 457·2930. 8950 Vii. L. Jolhi Dr., 
s,~. 2110, La Jol/a (behind £1 To,ito directly across ramp.) 

SUMMER ACTING 
WORKSHOP 
Beginning through aclvancecl 

The Emmy-nominated director of: 
• L.A. LAW • HOOPIRMAN 
• DYNASTY • LI.I GOII ON 

will be conducting a special summer 
session in Newport Beach 

Call (714) 252-7454 



16 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Classified advertising Is sold In 1So 
word Increments. The rate per 15 words 
Is $1 for students, $3 for faculty and 
staH, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance Is required ; therefore, ads 
must be mailed with a check (made 
payable to The UCSD GuardIan) or 
presented In person. Please have exact 
change. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday 
for Monday's paper and 3 p.m. Monday 
for Thursday's paper. The GuardIan 
reserves the right to refuse any 
advertising Including but not limited to 
companionship ads. For more 
Informetlon call 534-5416 . The 
GuardIan, UCSD, B.(J16, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides warmth, 
education, prayer, socializing. Connect 
with Union of Jewish Studentsl 502 
Matthews: east of the Price Center. Call 
Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521. (4/2-617) 
Scholarships/Grants for college area 
avallable. Millions go unclalmed yearly. 
Call 1 -800-334-3881 . (4/12-617) 
Apply Now to be the Financial Director on 
the Third College Student Counci l. 
Appl ications available at the TC Dean's 
office. Deadline to apply: 4127, 4:30 p.m. 
at the Dean's office. (4123-513) 
THIRD COLLEGE students I Don't forget 
to vote for your representatives to the 
Third College Student Council. Vote on 
May 2 and May 3 In front of Peterson Hall 
from 10-4. (4/23-513) 

Get an edge over other students applying 
lor the same job I Apply for a summer or 
fall Intemshlp in S.D. and gain practical 
experience. Deadline is Friday May 4. 
Call ASIO for more info at 534-4689, or 
stop by, 3rd lloor, Price Center. (4126-513) 

Are you ready forthe job market? Develop 
your own internship through ASIO and get 
practical experience. Contact Jon Ward 
at 534-4689 for more info. (4126-513) 

FIESTA DANCE PARTY - Saturday, may 
5, 8 p.m. - 1 a_m .. Jewish Singles, 21 and 
over, $10 edmission, Embassy Suites, La 
Jolla. Presented by ELITE SINGLES_ For 
funher information phone hotline 587-
8563. (4130-513) 

FEAR OF PUBLIC SPEAKING? Learn 
effective communication skills I Visit 
University Toastmasters -Tues. evenings 
5:30 - 7:00 MAAC l11-A Conference 
room (directly south of P.C. Ballroom) Call 
Dave 558-1564 for more info. (4130-5/3) 
DO NOT BE CONFUSEDI The timber 
industry initiative may not be the petition 
you want to sign I They title it "The Global 
Warming and Clearcutting Reduction , 
Wildlife Protection and Reforestation Act 
of 1990." Their definition of clearcutting 
would allow them to cut down every old-
growth tree in an acre except one. II you 
sign the CALIF FOREST AND WILDLIFE 
PROTECTION INITIATIVE sponsored by 
Forests Forever (appears on the petition), 
you will be saving the precious oIdllrowth 
forests from being destroyed & sold off to 
other countries_ Endorsed by: CAlPIRG, 
The Planning & Conservation League, 
Natural Resources Defense Council , 
Sierra Club. Call any group lor more 
information. (4/30-513) 

r-- --R;;'GiT~~T~Co~l I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

SPRING INTO SUMMER : 
f~ SPECIALI I 

With this coupon.. . I 
one FREE Month I 
with purchase of I 
regular I 

membership. I 
4 MONTHS FOR I 

THE PRICE OF 3 I 
, T olal cost. One po< person. Muslervon on first visit and an incantive may I 
be off8led 10< enroling on rlIgular merrileBhips. First lime mefT'be1S ooIy. I 

"Rhr-r"" No other discounlS can be used in conj\J1ction wilh this off81 and 
memberslip must be used at center 01 enrollment Must be at teast IB I y."'-loii"'~ years old. Personal ~aining and babysitting ayailable at nominal cost. 

1 ' 1 Lomas Santa Fe Plaza' 975-C Lomas Santa Fe ' Solana Beach 259-8515 .J L ___________________ ~ 

Tbel'e 
Al'eSo 
Many 
11av61'1 
toCl'ave 
at Ben,6' 

~1'171 
4180 Begents Park Bow. • Jdl "\ 

887-3680 ~ .. J .. P ..... »q •• , 1880 
----------,.----'-'- .~~""---<1£5~o@@ @uuQ I 

BEMEtaERRY'S_ : 
ICE CREAM CAKES I 

Birthdays. Graduation. Picnics. Anytime 
Plaue glve \U 48 hom'. notice on custom cake., 

I 
I L ___________________ ~ 

Writing helpl Professional, private, meet 
your deadline, your convAnience, money 
back guarantee. Jim 481 -1810. (4112-617) 
MEDICAL C,AREER iN QUESTION? Join 
with UCSD Med School Faculty member 
Dopris A. Howell M.D. to discuss your 
career goals. Sunday, May 6th, 6 p.m. 
Reservation is necessary - call 534-2521 . 
Sponsored by United Campus Ministry 
UCSD. (513) 

Loving family wants to adopt infant. Will 
help with expenses. Free counseling with 
Adoption Center of San Diego. Call collect 
714-861-1142. (513) 
ESPRIT AND TWEEDS FACTORY 
OUTLET LIQUIDATION CLOTHING 
SALE" Open 3 days only" Friday 5/4 and 
Saturday 515 (1 Oa.m.-6p.m.), Sunday 5/6 
(12-5). Famous maker brand name 
clothing on sale at drastically discounted 
prices. Everything priced at 50% - 90% 
below regular retail prices I 80% of ail 
merchandise is priced below $151 Pants, 
tops, shons, dresses, sweaters, sweats, 
jackets and much, much more ail priced to 
move out this weekend. Womens wear, 
menswear, clothes tor kids. Go 4 lights 
east of the 805, off Miramar Road to 8250 
Camino Santa Fe. HoUine 450-3323. 10"1. 
DISCOUNT FOR STUDENTS" (513) 

SERVICES 
Olga Barf Electrologist, 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Coun. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-
1962. (4130-617) 
PAPERS TYPEDI Quick & affordabIei $21 
typed double-spaced page. CaH WCoiony 
Resumes & Professional Typing Servioes, 
455-8357. One-day service available. 
Laser Printing I Choice of 35 typestylesl 
(4/2-617) 
TyplnglWord Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, papers, theses. leHers, 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (4/9-513) 
Rent-a-brain 24-hr. writing tutor; 
outstanding A-student UC grad save this 
number I MakedeadiinesJim481-1810.(41 
12-6n) 

TYPING -theses, term, Ph. Os, Legal. All 
formats. RUSH JOBS. MARIE 931 -9596 
(4/12-6n) 
Surfing - finally do it, fun , safe, 20 years 
experienced lifeguard, water safety 
instructor 481-1810. (4112-617) 

Hostels in Australia for $10/nite. Up and 
down the coast. Fare Deals Travel 800-
878-2929. (4/16-513) 
PASC!\L or C TUTOR. $71hr. Call Tim @ 
558-0243. (513) 

MIDTERMS? TUTORING: Math, Physics 
and beginning programming. Graduate 
with OASIS and TA qualifications. John 
453-3194. (4/19-513) 

PROFESSIONAL WORD PROCESSING 
- $1.501pg. Resumes, Papers, Theses -
Laser APA Fonmat, Next Day delivery. 
439-9317, 297-8291 . (4123-5/17) 

WORD PROCESSING, term papers. 
experienced dissertations, 7 days a week, 
4.0 English Skills, references 755-2683. 
(4126-617) 

Never miss a phone call , never lose a 
message. AMVOX Telephone Answering 
and Messaging Service answers your 
phone ... On or before the first ring, Even 
if you're using It, even If several calls come 
at same time. Receive Every Call with 
AMVOX Service. Amway distributor. Jim 
491-1216. (4/26-513) 
TRAIN YOUR BRAIN the easy way I 
RANDOLPH SUBLIMINAL TAPES will 
make you a super Ieamer. Proven success, 
over 150 tape titles offered, quick results, 
it's wonh a tryl Ask about our educational, 
health, relationships, sports, and success 
tapes series. I'm a UCSD student too, and 
I believe they really helpl Call 452-7489, 
evenings, and ask lor Deborah ( a private 
distributor). (4130-517) 
WORD PROCESSING - Student papers 
and resumes. Laser printing_ Fast and 
reasonabIe_ Call1npu1IOutput. 535-3010. 
(4130-617) 

Word Processing - any size, pick up & 
deliVery. Fast turnaround - Call Sandy 
755-4316. (4130-617) 
WORD PROCESSING, EDITING, $21 
page, free pickup & delivery. 7 dayslweek. 
Irma 453-6282. (513) 

Word Processing Services. Excellent 
quality - reasonable. Call 566-9096. (513-
517) 

Macintosh Repair - upgrades: Component 
level repair. FREE estimates. Weekend 
Service. (Mac 1281St2lPlus Power $89). 
Memory upgrades ALL Maca (Mac t 281 
512 10 Plus starts tiP $210). Pick-up! 
Delivery. 456-5916. Compufix. (513-617) 

TYPING II I'll type your tenm papers etc. 
quickly and inexpensively. Laser printer. 
Call Jennifer: 558-6090. (513-5131) 

Accuracyl Qualltyl Typing and Word 
Processing Genlllr. ~ printer, frwpick-
up and delivery: Patt 259-0906. (513-517) 

WANTED 

WANTED: Vacation rental June-July, 3 
bedroom, pool, patio, near beach. 459-
6034. (5I3-5n) 

___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ _ 

roM~ Master Mechanics 
exclusively \NIl and AUDI 

Service a Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
...... I ...... ~ .... ~ ................................. ~ .... ~ 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 

I 
I 
I If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them I 

About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References, I 

5870 ~R~:!D' NEXT [)()()R TO DISCOUN~ 

'Must presenf coupon and valid UCSD 10 at ti~ of estimate. 
Not valid with r:1aJor engine or transmission repairs. 

r ~' CALL SNIA ~ 1450-94941 '~..i~ 
-

Thursday, May 3,1990 

Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a study 
on the effects of alcohol. If you are a 
UCSD student or non-academic statl, 
American born male of entirely Japanese, 
Chinese, or Korean descent, call Scripps 
Clinic and Research Foundation for more 
information, 554-2192. (4/2-617) 

UNHAPPY? FREE research studies 
evaluating medications are available to 
people suffering from depression. 
Symptoms include sadness, fatigue, guilt, 
loss of interest in daily activities, and 
difficulties sleeping, eating , and 
concentrating . Suitable volunteers receive 
free medications, lab tests, physicals and 
psychiatric evaluation. 18 or older. Free 
studies also availabie for panic. Call The 
Feighner Research Institute at 464-4300 
Monday - Friday 10 a.m. - 4 p.m.(4126-
617) 
Spend at least 3 months in Pisa, Italy with 
Italian family to look after baby tor free 
noom and board. Work only 112 day. Must 
be female. Call Anne 454-5841 . (4126-
513) 

Housecleaners, windowwashers, $7-$141 
hr. 8-25 hour week, flex, punctual, 
professional, reliable car, must have some 
experience, must work through summer, 
good references. 259-87311 M-F 12p.m-
5p.m. leave message. (4/26-6n) 
WATER & JETSKI INSTRUCTORS for 
summercamp In Big Bear, summer '90. 
Salary + rm & board. Please contact Eric 
Qualde (714) 786-3000. (4130-5117) 
STUDENT !TEACHERS - Desire to make 
adifference? Share with parents & children 
unique learning experience producing kids 
with 2 of IHe's greatest gifts - roots to grow. 
Ax. hrs. voice mail 495-7260. (4130-513) 

Research assistant to best·selling autlhor. 
Skilled researcher, word processor 
(WordPerfact) organizer, writer. ~ hrsl 
wk. Endnitas.$6lhr_753-5OOO. Dr. Farrell. 
(4130-513) 

We are looking tor models int_ted in 
Iree haircuts and consultations. Please 
call 488-8700. (4130-5131) 
Telephone Operators needed for 24 hour 
national party line. All shifts available FT, 
PT in Mission Valley location EARN UP to 
$101hour while talking on lhe le1ephone. 
496-3361. (4/30-5114) 

Average $20 an houri Now hiring for 
summer or onlloing positions as Munch 
Patrols and Rose Sellers for popular U 
nightclubs. Pan-time. Must be 21 or more. 
297-4850. (4130-517) 

ATIENTlON: EARN MONEY READING 
BOOKSI $32,OOOlyear income potential. 
DetaIls (1) 602-838-8885 Ext. BK18113. 
(4130-513) 

WANTED: 85 people seriously interested 
in losing weight. Summer is coming" Act 
nowll Lynn 279-4265. (513) 

Looking for a fratemity, sorority or student 
organization that would like to make $500 
- $1000 for one week on-campus 
marketing project. Must be organized and 
hardworking. Elizabeth K. or Jeanine at 
(BOO) 592-2121 . (513) 
Broken Macintosh equipment wanted for 
CE student. Willing to negotiate a trade. 
Call 535-0930. (513-617) 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE I 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

( \ I I I" I II~" I 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North 1315 

Thursday, May 3, 1990 

FOR SALE 
Glasspar,tri -hull whaler style 75hp 
Evlnrude. Trailer and all extras included. 
$ 1300/o.b.o. Call Dan Lorch 454-SEXI. 
(4/t 9-513) 
VW Rabbit Diesel, 1980, vg. condition. A 
steal at $10001 Phone 450-4671, leave 
message. (411 9-517) 
1983 Audi 5000 Turbo diesel, excellent 
condition, black, all power, rebui" motor, 
$3,200 o.b.o. 454-3469. (4123-513) 

Honds Aero 50: 1985, goodconditlon, low 
mileage, red w/basket, great for beach 
trips and commuting to campus. $650.00 
or best offer. Call _knights 792-8251 
ask tor Lisa. (4130-5110) 
ATIENTION - GOVERNMENT SEIZED 
VEHICLES from $100. Fords, Mercedes, 
Corvettes, Chevys. Surplus BuyelS Guide. 
1-602-838-8885 Ext. A1a113. (4130-513) 
A futon & frame unused $95.00 Can 
deUver. 268-0814 (4/30-5131) 

'75 T oyola Celica 11ft brakes/dutch needs 
carbo work. $650 o.b.o. Anna 45So6180 
lale evenings. (4130-513) 
'65 Ford Mustang, very nice, runs 
exceltently, lots of extras, $4700 o.b.o. 
Aaron 558-6565. (4130-517) 
MOUNTAIN BIKEI Black Peugot. new 
tires $2OO/o.b.o. Compound bow: Silent 
quiver Iglove. $1 00I0.b.o.558-8218 (4130-
513) 
'81 Datsun 200SX: 5 speed halchback, 
very good condifion. Alpine AMlFM 
cassette, sunroof, power options, cover 
$2300. 942-9601: please leave message. 
(4130-513) 
Extra plane tlcketl Round trip from San 
DtegotoSan Francisco. Leaves5l181:00 
p.m. and returns 5120 2:35 p.m. $50 (o.b.o.) 
Can even give ride to airport. (513-517) 
SClfa (aIeeper) 18: RCA Color TV - good 
condition. Del Mar. Make ofIer. 755-5856 
any time. (513-5110) 
For sale: BEER NEON SIGNS. (MIcheklb 
Dry & MiIIIIr 0nIIt) 80.00 dol .. each. C8II 
457-3681_ (513) 

1974 Ponrche 9142.0Utarenglne, original 
owner, make offer. 753-8748. (513-517) 

MICROWAVE - TOSHIBA. big powerful, 
electralllc, like new. Asldng only $110. 
Gall 558-0547. (513) 

Toyota Corolla FX liftbacI< 1987. Auto, AI 
C, PIS, PI13. Newtires, tune-up. Exoellentll 
$5,300 558-0547. (513) 

'7<4 Super Beetle - 11ft yellow paint, tires, 
good condition, repair papers. very clean, 
$2,000. 535-0833. (513) 

Surfboard, 7'2", good condition, exoellent 
learning board, must sell, cheap, on 
campus, call 558-1294, (Gene). (513-
5117) 
1972 VW Superbeetle, outstanding 
concltion, 15K on ~ild. Immaculate 
interlor/exterior. $1800 O.B.O. 558-8127 
(513) 

HOUSING 

Subletting your apartment this summer? 
Local law firm seeking summer housing 
for law clerks. Call Karen at 699-3542 with 
dotails. (412-5110) 

-v Typing 
-V Word Processing 
-V Resumes 
-V Desktop Publishing 
-V Reports 
-V Newsletters 
FREE Pick Up a Delivery 

~8,..,ij 
380 SleVeN AVB .. S18. 315 
Sofono Beocl'l. CA 9207b 

259-0906 

Beautiful room, board, salary for part-time 
child care (Boy. 9) Female nonsmokar. 
Del Mar. 481 -6115. (4126-517) 

Trilevel condos, 2 bd. 2112 ba ($1800) or 
1 bd 1 112 ba ($1100), pool, spa, walk to 
UCSD 551 -9203. (4130-5110) 

Huge House; La Jolla Shores, 4 bd. 3 ba, 
yard, garages, 3 blocks from beach, close 
to all $2800 mo. 551 -9203. (4/30-5/10) 
2 story house wI sundeck, pool, tennis, 
spa, walk to UCSD, great location, 1750 
mo. 551-9203'-(4130-517) 
House wI yard! 4 bd. 2 112 ba: remodeled, 
close to UCSD and malls, 2 car garage, 
$1800 mo. 551-9203. (4130-5110) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED: Available May 
17 or as soon as May 1. Own room in 
Clairemont house. Big grass backyard. 
10 min. to campus. Lots of space. Close to 
everything. John Reming. 273-2145. 
(4130-517) 

Leucadia 1 bedroom mobilehome. 112 
block from beach. Steal at $21 ,000, $350 
space rent. 945-3325. (4/30-5110) 

La Jolla Colony Town house. 3 bd. 2 bth 
view of lush green belt. pool and spa. 
Many upgrades. Near all. VA .7% loan if 
eligible. $240,000 by owner 587-9335. 
(4130-513) 

Summer Sublef (available 6117-9/1) La 
Jolla Village Park 2 master BRI2.5 baths, 
furnished, all amenities, garage, fireplaat, 
WID, pooVspa, tennis/racquetball, cfoIe 
to UCSD, UTC .. $11001month + util. 455-
6356. (4130-5/10) 
4 bd. 2 112 bath house, yard pool, spadous, 

. close to all, garage, University City $21 001 
mo 551-9203. (4130-5/10) 

Subletting apt. for summer. June 18-Sept 
21,1990. 5 min. from campus. Call 452-
8261. (513-517) 
Quiet, clean, non-smoking 38 Yr. old 
female needs housing from 6-20-90 10 6-
91 while doing Internship in La Jolla. Vera 
916-894-7126. P.O. Box 1594, Chloo, CA 
95927. Message 916-343-3290. (513-
5I2t) 
I need a roommate tor the summer. 
PoasIbIy ongoing. 295 + 113 utilities. Very 
nice, 581-0451 Jim. (513-517) 

PERSONALS 
ATTENTION: ALL PROSPECTIVE ':lAP 
PARTICIPANTS for Summer t990 or 
1990-91. IMPORTANT GENERAL INFO 
SESSION I Monday, May 7 4-6 p.m. 
International Center Lounge. (513-517) 

mall services 
etal 

Mail box rentals, FAX, 
UPS, stamps, business 
cards, word processing, 
tnoney orders and more! 

Mon.-Fri. , 7094 Miramar Rd. 
M StB.121 

~rdaYs 689-8182 

r-------, I 50¢an?FF I 
I ups, FAX, or typing services I 
L Expires 513ll9O • 
------_ .. 

The UCSD Guardian 

I NEED A TRAVEL BUDDYI Backpacking 
through Europe this summer? I'm very 
ftexiblel Join mel We'll have a greaf timel 
Laura 459-9350, (4130-513) 
Ebeel You are the coolest round blue 
person (thing) on carrlpus. You're great! 
Don't ever change or flatten I (513) 
UCSD VICIOUS NOVICE CREW. 
Congratulations on your city championship 
and Miller Cup performances I You've 
given new meaning to R.Y.B.O. Good 
luck at Oxnard. Love, Coach. (5/3) 

MUIR leadership positions open : 
Freshperson Senator, All-campus 
leadership conference rep, semi-formal 
steering committee rep. Pick up application 
at Muir Dean's office, due Friday 5/4 nooni 
HSS 2126. (513) 
Marilyn Ferguson, author of "The Aquarlan 
Conspiracy' and publish4rof International 
newsletter 'BrainlMind BUlletin " will be 
delivering a lecture entitled "The New 
Common Sense" at the Silver forum in the 
civic concourse from 7:00 . 9:00 on May 
3rd. For tickets and parking information, 
contact Marie at 452-1664. (513) 
MICHAEL MARTINEZ - It's been 
PRECISELY 4 years, 4 months, and 4 
days since you and I overthrew the top 
level Gusrclan slime in that historic koo-
koo coup which formed the almighty 
ADBROS. Since we seized power, 
Grimmie the Reapster hath visited many 
of our fallen BOVINE convades. Micky 
the Deester and Chazzy Jr. boast the final 
hoof-print 01 countless pasteurized pipe 
victims. MOO-MOO no more my long 
lashed Daisy May. To tha most humble, 
happenin' bachelor this campus has ever 
seen, Feliz cinco-de Mayo and ... HAPPY 
BIRTHOAYTO YOU II Your brother of AD, 
the foulkster. (513) 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kiIko'S' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

1155 VIII. Le JoIIe Dr, 

UCSD SPEQAl "I 
NEW CliENTS ()IfLY 
~ca:ru:c:~N,:;.. 

S35 Re!I. $45. Give yw IlIiIs IhII 
CLEAR NATURAl. LOOKI 

, Aaylics .............................. $16.95 
, Fills .................................... $1 0.95 
, Silk Wrap ............................ $25.00 
,Unen wrap ........................ $25.00 
, Fiberglass .......... ............ .... $25.00 
,Pedicure ............................ $10.95 
, Manicure ........................... $5.95 
" ~ 

17046 GAllET AVE. Pdc BNch 
(Coaw of HIinIs I GImet) 

NexlID ~ Flild CIiduIn. 
PII1q lot IYIiIIbIe. 

C81483-6188 

PAd" 
NOW HIRING 

-Flexible Hours -Competitive Wages 

-Advancement opportunities -Hiring all shifts/positions 

Mc:DonaId's® Restaurant 
9440 Scronlon Rd. 

(805 & Miro Meso Blvd.) 
Son Diego, CA 92121 

Phone 452-3013 

McDonald's Restaurant 
4260 Nobel Dr. 

Co.ta Verde Moll 
Son Diego, CA 92122 

Phone 452-3014 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

SAVE 10 30% 
SHORTS • UCSD TANKS Be T'S 

• Save big on killer shorts in 
tropical colors 

• Women's boxer shorts just $12 
• Men's volleys and baggys just $14 
• Save 30% on hot new UCSD T-shirts 

and tanks in many new designs 

SALE ENDS SUNDAY, 5/6/90 

*tpa'ifi, tye& at T'& H The CalifomiO Attitude 
La Jolla Village Square 53~36S 

~urD«~wn. ~urChmce 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immediate 

Test Results 
• Pregnancy 

Termination 
• General or Local 

Anesthesia 
• Affordable 

Birth Control 
• Student Discount 

The College Line 
535-1379 

Q;r;t .L · ~ncnolce 
Fnmily Planning 

Associn/es 
Medical GrollP 

.. 



-r 

18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

UCI EXTENSION IN THE BLEACHERS 

If you're going to 
law school soon, 

don't rest your case now. 
Don't wait until you're in law school to start succeeding. You can 

get the edge over other students by preparing now. The University of 
California, Irvine Extension offers an intensive six-week summer 
course to help you on your \Vc!y. 

LAWPREP is a rigorous course that prepares you for your first 
year of law studies. The LawPrep program covers six basic topics: 
Civil Procedure, Criminal Law and Procedure, Contracts, Torts, Real 
Property, ConstitutIOnal Law and Legal Research. LawPrep begins 
June 26, so enroll now. 

For a free brochure on LawPrep, call UCI Extension at (714) 
856-5414 and ask for Dept. SO. Or send coupon to: UCI ExtenSion, 
Dept SO, PO Box AZ, INlne, CA 92716. 

~ 0 Please send me onlormalion on LawPrep. 

_ !:'!:;:::'!!O!=.:E-SS------------

by Steve Moore 

~CGRAMS\ 
GET YdJI\. 
FRCGRAMS 

HERE~! 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

em 

I STATE ZIP 
: ~ SU90-134SD 

" Give me a dollar, Henry. I want to know what 
the hell 's going on." 

L ___________________________________ _ ~ 

University Bookstore 
MAY SAIAE 

Sunshine Store 
specials 

Selected items -
50% offl 

Save 20% on 
Bronson vitaminsl 

Save 20% 
on g ifts, clothing, 
off ic e and art 
supplies, fi ne writi ng 
instruments, general 
b o oks, tec hnical 
books,and specia l 
sale items! 

May 1-5, 
1990 

Littmann 
stethoscopes 

Take 
200;0 oH 

this week onlyl 

Hurry for best selection! 
L~IVERSITY 

534-READ 
Graduallon a nnouncemenlll nol lncluded . (Sale does not Apply to 
New York 11mett ~lIllIClIl!!nJ. mAgR7.lneA. medleRI book" , h:~l books, 
Spr1n8l!!r Verlag IIIlk: Itemll. romputen. Sunshine Store merr.hand lllC. 
electmnlcll .nd medleN Inlltruments .) 

T hursday, May 3, 1990 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 14 

short with singles to load the 
bases. 

With the bags full, UCSD's 
defense prevented a run wi th a 
force play at home. Earon (4-2) 
also came through, striking out 
Mike Ippoli tto to stave off the 
Crusader challenge. 

The Tritons' offense which 
has been anemic of late, contin-
ued with its new-fo und life, 
blowing the game open in the 
bottom of the sixth with five 
runs. 

DeFranco. who went 4 for 5, 
and Fisher opened the inning 
with an RBI single apiece. In 
addition, Ernie Isola, who went 
3 fo r 4, slammed in two runs 
with a single off PLNC relief 
pitcher West Rekeda. 

Dave Ligerman also contrib-
uted an RBI single to conclude 
the Triton scoring. 

The top of the eighth saw the 
only defensive breakdown for 
the Tritons. With relief pitcher 
Ryan Flanagan on the mound, 
Point Lorna' s Hanlan scored the 
Crusaders' only run of the after-
noon on a triple and an error. 

Flanagan and the Triton de-
fense, however, maintained thei r 
composure and held Point Lorna 
hitless for the rest of the game. 

" We played a well-balanced 
ball game [against PLNC)," 
Yates said. " I think that we need 
to play this well going into our 
big doubleheader against The 
Master's College this Saturday." 

The doubleheader at The 
Master's will be the last two 
games UCSD plays before the 
Division ill playoff committee 
awards berths on Sunday. 

A strong performance would 
greatly increase the Tritons 
chances for a regional berth. 

"We are in the race as much 
as anyone else, but we need to 
finish strong," Yates said. 

INTfRCOLLEGiA I [ SCO HES 
BASUALL (''''~2) 

UCSD • Biola Unl .. rs~y 1 
UCSD 13 PoInl Loma Nazarene 1 

MEN'S TENNIS ( ... ked Ihtnt noIIoneIly) 
UCSD d. Pain! Lorna Nazarene 5-4 

WOMEN'S NOVICE CREW 
. t MlH.r ClJp Invilalional: 
Fours: UCLA 11. UCSO 
Eight.: UCLA d. UCSD 

ICA UPCOMING EVENTS 
HOllE EVENTS IN BOLD 
BASEBALL 

at The Mast.r. College (DH). Salurday. 
Noon 

WOMEN'S CREW 
at Oxnard All· American Regaua, Channel 
Island. Harbor, Saturday Sunday, AU Day 

SOFTBALL 
vs. Unlverslly 0' San Diego (DH). 
Saturday, Noon 

TRACK AND FIELD 
UCSD L.ast cnan<:. Ouallfler, Salunlay, 
10 •. m. 

WOMEN'S WATER POLO 
81 USA Collegiale Naiionals, ProvlOonc<> 
AI. Friday·Sunday 

XTRA UPCOMING FVENTS 
HOllE EVENTS IN BOLD 
CYCLINO 

at WCCC Championships al Cal, Saturday, 
AllDay 

SAlLlNO 
OInghy PCC's at Encinal Yacht Club. 
Sodurday-Sundoy, All Day 

r.1E'N ~; TF NNIS TOP 10 

1Il10 DMIION • IIIO-8eA8OH IIANKJNOS 
By"' _ Ieg_Tennle eo.c _ _ • 

1. UC Sant. Cruz 
2. Swannmore Colleg. 
3. UC IAN DIEGO 
• . Claremonl College 
5. Emory University 
6 . Kalamazoo Col. 
7. Washington College 
8. Pomona Prlz.r Col. 
9. GUlllvua Adolphus Uri .. rsity 
10. DePauw Unl .. rsity 

BE A PART OF HISTORY! 
The Guardian is planning to publish three times a week beginning next fall. But we can't do it without some extra 
help. To meet the demands of increased publication, we've added more positions in various departments. 

APPLICATIONS ARE BEING ACCEPTED FOR THE FOLLOWING 
POSITIONS FOR THE 1990-91 STAFF OF THE UCSD GUARDIAN: 

EDITOR IN CHIEF 
MANAGING EDITOR 
NEWS EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR (3) 
OPINION EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR (2) 
FEATURES EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE FEATURES EDITOR (2) 
SPORTS EDITOR 

ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR (2) 
ARTS/ENTERTAINMENT EDITOR 
ASSOC. ARTS ENTERTAINMENT EDITOR (3) 
PHOTO EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE PHOTO EDITOR 
COpy EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE COPY EDITOR 
GRAPHICS EDITOR 
TRAINING DIRECTOR (2) 

We encourage any and all to apply for these positions, but you must be an undergraduate at UCSD. You have no idea 
what you're capable of until you give it a shot. 

Applications for Editor In Chief will be due by 5 p.m. on Saturday, May 5, at the GUBfdian offices on the second floor of the Student Center. 
Applications for all the other editorial positions listed above will be due on Wednesday, May 9, at the Guardian offices. Applications should 
include a resume, cover letter, and clips (if you have them). Place the application in the Editor in Chief/Managing Editor's box or mail it to Phil 
Gruen, c/o the UCSD Guardian, B-016, La Jolla, CA 92093. For more information, call the Guardian at 534-6580. 

~ NO Down Payment 
~ NO Payment for 120 Days 
~ NO Interest for 90 Days . 

~limited time fi nancing progrnm. Employment commlt.ment requ ired on approved credit. 

4433 Mission Bay Drive 
(between Grand and Balboa) 

581 .. 3200 

FItEE E~GItAVI~GS 
MAY 5 - JUNE 8 

t CROSS® SI N CE 1S 4 S . Lifetime Mechanical Guarantee 
I 

1> PARKER 
• LI ~ ETI M E GU AR ANTEED SHEAFFER 

L I FETIME 

STORE HOURS: 
MONDAY - FRIDAY 7:30 AM - 6 PM 
SATURDAY 9:30 AM - 5 PM 
PHONE: 534-3786 

... 

-



The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 3, 1990 

Take unconventional and un-
inhibited, then add unabridged and 
you have the Sledgehammer 
Theater's current production of 
"Hamlet." Directed by Scott 
Feldsher, one of the theater's co-
founders, this unique production 
uses various period;> of the 20th 
century as a backdrop for political 
turmoil in Denmark. 

The play opens in what appears 
to be a World War II setting and 
evolves into a Denmark reminis-
cent of a dictatorial South Ameri-
can Country. A large mural of the 
newly instated King Claudius 
hangs above the preserved mili-
tary-clad corpse of the former king, 
Hamlet. Camera crews rush in for 
Claudius' state address and TV 
monitors on the sides of the stage 
show propaganda films of C lau-
dius at work "building a better 
Denmark." This is not orthodox 
Shakespeare, and although the play 
stays true to the text, some of the 
interpretations may have the writer 
turning in his grave. 

Perhaps meant as an ironic 
twist, the ghost of King Hamlet 
looks very much like a Harley-
riding Hell's Angel. Hamlet's 
mother, Queen Gertrude, isa plati-
num blonde June Cleaver with a 
sex drive. Hamlet's school friends 
Rosencrantz and Guildenstem are 
quintessential yuppies, complete 
with neckties, glasses, and a proper 
desire for cash and conformity. 

Then of course there's Hamlet, 
a likely candidate for therapy. He 
is, in a very modem sense, the 
troubled teenager. The future king 
of Denmark is spoiled, violent, and 
sexually confused and, unlike many 
interpretations of Hamlet's char-
acter, this is not a sympathetic 
one. 

Although he's obviously in 
turmoil, it is difficult to feel orry 
for this particular Hamlet. He looks 
like a surfer, has a very cocky sense 
of humor, and gives the impres-
sion of being the victimizer rather 
than the victim. This is not to say 
that this is a bad interpretation. In 

arts entertainment 

a 

• 

S{edgefiammer'11ieatre Presents an l1pdatec£ 
Modern o/ersion of Sliatespeare 's Cfassic '1{amfet. ' 

reviewed 6y :Marie Pasternat 
fact, actor Bruce McKenzie's por-
trayal of Hamlet is the high point 
of the show .. He's physical, very 
energetic, articulate, and most im-
portantly, believable. 

For years, critics have pondered 
Hamlet's mental decline, provid-
ing such reasons as "Hamlet the 
victim of melancholy," "Hamlet 
misled by the ghost," and even 
"Hamlet the victim of the Oedi-

pus complex." None of these ex-
planations quite fit 
Sledgehammer's Hamlet, but there 
is definitely a motif of sexual de-
viation. This tormented Hamlet is 
a bisexual, incestuous, preoccupied 
with the sexual, character. Of 

cour~e, he's not the only guilty 
party. Kinky Queen Gertrude and 
her new parmer Claudius give a 
very interesting and inSightful 

interpretation of their relationship. 
Laerres, with sister Ophelia, sug-
gestS a possible instance where 
brotherly love may have been 
somewhat overextended. 

The production is full of indeli-
cate sexual overtones which tell in 
a unique way that in fact, "Some-
thing is rotten in the state of 
Denmark." If you're easily offended 
- like the elderly couples in the 

Photo: Film: 

eare 
front row who left even before 
Hamlet's nude scene - this is per-
haps not a recommended produc-
tion. 

Because Sledgehammer calls 
itself, "A group with whom irrev-
erence seems to be a point of de-
parture and insanity a virtue," it is 
no surprise that "Hamlet" takes a 
break from convention. It is this 
break that makes Sledgehammer's 
production particularly wo rth-
while. Retaining the complete 
text, the play has been completely 
manipulated to fit into an eclectic 
contemporary genre which actu-
ally makes sense. A the same time. 
however. adherence to the text is 
what creates the biggest problem 
in the play. The show boasts of 
being performed Virtually uncut, 
and because of this, it is very long. 
Just watching it is taxing. This is 
largely due to the content and 
language, but taking away some of 
the action and non-verbal embel-
lishments might help to shorten 
the production. making it a much 
less draining experience. 

The characters were well cast. 
Actor Robert Larsen proVided a 
particularly notable rendition of 
the dishonest Polonius, giving him 
a repulsive and shifty sort 
of 'Chronic Liar' quality. A prob-
lem arose, however, in that many 
of his important lines were un-
clear. This occurred with other 
characters as well, particularly the 
Ghost of King Hamlet, whose 
speeches were often completely 
elusive. 

Sledgehammer Theater's pro-
duction of "Hamlet" is not for 
everyone. It's not light entertain-
ment, and it's not for people who 
hold highly conservative views. 
The acting is very good, and the 
interpretation is entertainingly 
creative. For Shakespeare fans, it 
once again proves the writer's un-
ceasing ability to transcend time. 

"Hamlet" will be appearing at 
the Sixth A venue Playhouse until 
May 13. For ticket information 
call 235-8025. 

A review of Bernard plossu 's 
P4 

'Trop Belle Pour Toi,' a new 
exhibit at MoPA. french film at the Guild P4 



ERRATA 
It's amazing how dancers can flex their 

muscles, defying gravity with a mere 
flick or twist. Sort of like their sched-
ules. These things just sort of happen 
and before you know it, those dancers 
have disappeared. O.k., it wa n't the 
publicity department' fault. It's not 
HIATUS' fault either. 

Becau eofunforseenschedulingprob-
lems, the dance company MOMIX will 
not be performing at the SD U Aztec 
Center tomorrow night. 

According to the troupe's publicist, 
the group will perform in San Diego but 
the specific date has not been 
established. 

HIATUS regrets this error. 

Mira Me .. 7: Edwa ..... W •• t n._ter. 
566-1917 

Hunt for Red October Spaced Invaders 
Miami Blues/Lisa Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 

PreHy Woman Short Time Q & A 

Unlv .... ity Town. Centre 6 
452-7766 

Crazy People I Love You to Death 
The Gods Must Be Crazy II The Guardian 

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Q&A 

La Jolla Village Theaten 
453·7831 

Tales From the Darkside Short Time 
The Hunt For Red October Pretty Woman 

K.n Cln.ma 
283·5909 

beginning 5/4: Santa Sangre 
Ive.., Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

.ocky Horror Picture Show 

r--------------------, I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

2 TANS 1 
I TRIM & TAN· UCSD 3251 Holiday C1. ·455-0909 

Pacific Beach' Mission Valley' State College' Sports Arena' Encinitas L ___________________ _ 
I 
I Lose 6" Guaranteed! I European Body Wrap -Only $48 
I Not a temporary water loss. Reduce cellulite and stretch mari<.s. Call for delais • 2nd 30 Ian days $3:.99 • F'IISHIM dieI1S 

Expl,.s 611190 .J 
L __ _ ________________ _ 

BY PAULA CORREA 
Contributing Writer 

orne time ago I happened to walk into a San 
Diego nightclub and catch the last few sangs of 
a four piece band, headed by the wildest, 
raunchiest chick I'd ever seen. 

I know now that this band is Night Soil Man, 
one of this town's most successful up-and-com-
ing bands. 

Singer/guitarist ro.ebud's wild stage presence 

-

~ ~ . 

telTIlce 
'i.T 

"And in a way, the audience is performing for 
me too," Anthony added. 

Night Soil Man shows are not for people with 
a heart condition. According to E. Raymond S., 
"We've been told that [our) music creates a lot of 
tension [within individuals] ... A lot of people will 
stand there and watch us, and get drained." 

Rosebud also pointed out that the feelings their 
music evokes in their shows is a form of release ~ r 
many people, even if they just stand there and 

a lmost makes you want to 
10 e control over a 11 con-
scious reflexes. That feeling 
i only heightened when 

Night Soil Man 
watch, and not necessarily 
move around. 

Night Soil Man basically 

guitari t E. Raymond S., bassist Mike Soil, and 
drummer Mark "Knods" Anthony explode on 
stage with their hard-drivingsaunds and rhythms. 

Night Soil Man is not just a frenzy of guitar. 
and drums. Their sounds range from the sinister 
punk-like style of "Heeyna" to the sweet mysti-
cal sound of "Time to Die," to the funky rhythm 
of "Rape the Mother" - all of which can be 
found on their newly released independent LP 
titled Garden of Delights. 

"Though the record has been doing pretty 
well," said guitarist E. Raymond S., "we are a live 
band .... [Our show] is very energetic, we all 
throw ourselves into it one hundred percent." 

The common denominator for Night Soil 
Man shows is "energy," and what that energy 
evokes in the audience. 

"In this band I get so fucking absorbed in the 
energy of what we are playing, and the people 
that we are sharing that energy With," rosebud 
said. "It's what you bring out in the crowd and 
what they bring out in you .. .. It's a very mutual 
relationship. " 

'I 

leaves it up ro the 
individual's imagination. Rosebud believes that 
"nothing is completely pure in its essence, and 
original." 

Anthony affirmed, "Every piece of music I've 
ever heard has influenced me." 

"All wedowhen weplayand write music, isjust 
do what feels good. That's about where it's at,"E. 
Raymond S. concluded. 

Those who need a definition of Night Soil 
Man's sound, or a comparison to some already 
established big-name band in order to decide 
whether this band is worth seeing, won't get one. 
All you get is asubjecti ve description of their 
"flavor," which, according to E. Raymond S., "is 
definitely grape." 

Night Soil Man will beperfonningFriday, May 
4, at the Casbah with L.A.'s Red Temple Spirits. 

On the Local Scene is a weeUy column featuring bands 
from the San Diego area. If you have a band who would Like 
to be covered, please send a demo tape, biography. phOto. 
and the-name/number cia band representative to: 

UCSDGuardian/HIATUS. B -016, La Jolla. CA 
92093 

Awl: On the Local Scene 

Wonderful 
Weddings 
Happen At 

The 
Faculty 
·Club! 

-~~~< ' ~l~fli~ ~~T~v 
VLTY c.. 

For more information about catering and 
space availability plea .. call 

Carol Giuliano, Catering Manager. 

DID YOU SEE THIS? 
SO did about 30,000 others in 

the UCSD community. 
UCSD Guardian AdvertiSing 

Call 534-3466 

2 HIATUS MAY] lqqn 

534-0876 
Ida and Cecil Green Faculty Club 

UCSD 
C-021 

La Jolla, CA 92093 

Terry Galloway put on various personalities last weekend. 
Sush i Presents NEOFEST 

Artists Tease Concepts 
By CHRlsnNA HUIZAR 
Senior staff Writer 

"LIGHTS," a deep thundering 
voice from offstage proclaimed. 
Suddenly all the lighting, which 
had been laboriously set for a spe-
cific mood, was extinguished. So 
began what dancer/performance 
artist Ishmael Houston-Jones re-
ferred to as the "conceptual tease 
of a black man, dressed in black, 
dancing in the dark." 

Houston-Jones' perfonnance of 
"The End of Everything and Other 
Dances" started out the Sushi Per-
formance Gallery's eighth annual 
NEOFEST Festival of the New 
Arts. NEOFESTwill featu re seven 
events including performance art, 

new dance, interdisciplinary works, 
and experimental theater. 
NEOFEST will run six consecu-
tive weekends through June 2. 

This past weekend, NEOFEST 
opened with performances by 
dancer Houston-Jones and come-
dienne Terry Galloway. Houston-
Jones' three separate, very innova-
tive pieces incorporated more than 
just dance; the dancer utilized 
video, clothing, a cinder block, 
and spoken text to portray his mes-
sage of tunnoil. 

Despite her hearing impair-
ment, Galloway presented an 
exciting monologue with several 
character sketches, sometimes 
autobiographical, always energetic. 

Galloway stated, "I'm not sure I'm 
qualified to be a perfonnance art-
ist; I always thought I'd. need a 
better haircut and more interest-
ing shoes." 

Not quite fitting in anywhere, 
Galloway discussed in herperfonn-
ance the feelings of exclusion from 
the deaf world she experienced be-
cause she does not speak sign lan-
guage, and from the hearing world 
because she is deaf. 

NEOFEST will continue this 
weekend with Richard Elovich's 
"If Men Could Talk, The Stories 
They Could Tell." Elovich's per-
formance presents Danny Glick, a 
controversial clod who is a comic 
book illustrator fighting for his life 
through the support of his doctor, 
Seuss. 

The following weekend, May 
11-12, NEOFEST will present 
Llory Wilson and Dancers at the 
Lyceum Theater in downtown San 
Diego. Wilson's group was inspired 
by the paintings of Mexican artist 
Frida Kahlo which show the artist 
lying in bed after suffering a hor-
rible accident. These portraits were 
translated into an emotional lay-
ering of movements where danc-
ers perch precariously on fixed, 
upright copper poles, testing the 
limits of gravity, the human body 
and spirit. 

Also ro be featured at 
NEOFEST is Dan Kwong's "Se-
crets of the Samurai Centerfielder" 
(May 17-19), a physical, vocal, 
photographic, and musical look at 
racism with baseball serving as an 
extended metaphor. Pat Oleszko 
will present a mixed media show of 

~M" 
\ \ 9 

\ 

., .\ r .... \.\...: ,I 

various classic and contemporary 
influences, "Bluebeard's Hassles: 
The Writhes of the Wives," on 
May 24-26. On the final weekend, 
June 1-2, Culture Clash's "Frida 
and (;he Meet Los Bookies de 
Norte," a mix of performance art 
and vaudeville/carpa with a little 
rap and improvisation thrown in, 

is scheduled to be performed at the 
La Jolla Museum. 

PERFORMANCE; Various anisu. 
NEOFEST, every weekend at me 
~ (except as indicated), 852 
Eighdt Ave., OOwn£()WIl San Diego, 
8 p.m. For further infonnarion, caU 
235-8-466. 

"May divorce be with you": Oleszko challenges convention. 

'lIl.' \L orOl1l1 
, ~ Ir , 

CORONA EXTRA PRESENTS 
AN EVENING WITH 

JIMMY 
UFFET 

MON 
JUN 18 

MIDNIGHT 
OIL 
WITH SPECIAL GUEST 
HUNTERS. 
COLLECTORS 

-



, 

A Beautifully Bizarre Affair 
BY A MY KNOKE 
Contributing Writer 

Bertrand Blier's new film,"T rop 
Belle Pour Toi" ( "T 0 Beautiful 
For You"), recently opened at the 
Guild Theater. The film is arather 
unu ual romantic comedy that 
focu es around an even more 
unusual adulterous affair. 

Bernard (Gerard Depardieu) i 
a succe sful bu ine sman who 
spend his day buying and elling 
sleek BMW at his dealership and 
pend nights with hi stunningly 

attractive wife, Florence (Carole 
Bouquet). Filling Bernard's need 
for a temporary secretary, Colette 
(J eane Balasko) arrives on the 
scene and emotion immediately 
begin to erupt from all three of the 
characters. 

Blier adds an unconventional 
twi t to a ometimes predictable 
relation hip when Bernard be-
come completely ob essed with 
Colette, who i plain dowdy and 
overweight, the phy ical oppo ite 
of his wife. Bernard is married to 
the woman who hould be his 
mistress and in love with the 
woman who should be his wife. 

The film move quickly from 
scene to cene and Blier throws 
the audience into the fantasies and 
thoughts of the characters without 
the lighte t hint that he 1 doing 
so. The truggle to figure out what 
1 reality and what i not turns out 
to be darkly humorou and un et-
ding at times. At a dinner party, 
Florence'sdre goe back and forth 
from her white weddmg gown to 
her black evening attire as she 
openly apologizes to her guests for 

FILM: "Trop Belle Pour Toi," star-
ring Gerard Depardiru and Carole 
Bouquet. Directed by Bertrand 
Blier. Playing at the Guild Theater. 

herphy ical b auty. Anotherscen 
show Florence confr nting 0-
lette while a painting of a cat and 

. a mou e deliberately hangs on th 
wall behind her. Blier u e all sorts 
of device , such as the hauntingly 
sad music of chubert, to con-
stantly k':!ep the eyes and the ear 
of the audience alert. 

Fortunately, the light confu-
sion that is created is positive and 
is not allowed co distract any at-

(Blier throws the 
audience into the 
fantasies and 
thoughts of the 
characters with-
out the slightest 
hint that he is 
doing so.' 

tention away from the theme. 
Bernard felt fortunate to have been 
able to marry a person of physical 
perfection, such as Florence, but 
he lowly became both intimidated 
and bored with her and opted for a 
relationship with Colette, one that 
he could easily be in control of. H . 
killfully use his affair as a dagger 

with which to wound his wifeovcr 
and over again, desperately trying 
to reduce her innerbeautytonot1l-
ing, the only beauty he knows Ie 
can alter. Bernard makes no 'It-
tempt to conceal his liasons an I is 
granted marital freedom when 
Florence a ks him ro take CoLtte 
on a trip so that he could accually 
live with his mi tress. 

The couple travel to the ,)uth 
of France where they stay a' the 
uninhibited house that one be-
longed to Colette's parents. After 
being rogether for only two day , 

Bernard come to the conc1u i n 
that b th the onversati nand 
the s x are be oming tediOUS, and 
he mak plans to escape back to 
his wife as soon as his lover fall 
a leep. Although one might hope 
for a conclusion filled with com-
pa sion and understanding, the 
audience once again gets a dose of 
how Bernard can lap both women 
in the face while he tries to salvage 
both of the relationship . 

This film is most successful in 
that Blierchoo es not to single out 
one of the characters and make 
himor her the villain. Thecharac-
ter are all quite aware of how they 
are treating one another and are 
even painfully aware of the con e-
quence that await them. Colette 
is .not a chool girl who unknow-
ingly becomes educed, and it is 
closer to the truth to ay that she 
initiated theaffair.ltiseven with-
out effort that one could withold 
pity towards Florence, for her shal-
low personality and mockery to-
ward Colette's physical appear-
ance creates an apathetic relation-
ship between her and the audi-
ence. 

Blier's approach to adultery is 
certainly unique and is worth 
exploring. The film is bound to 
leave the viewer both amused and 
uncomfortable from being jerked 
in and out of people's desires and 
fears concerning their mo t inti-
mate relationships. Though per-
hap what is most disturbing is 
when we see our own prejudices 
again t peoples' physical attributes 
displayed so truthfully on a screen 
before us. "Too Beautiful For You" 
emphasizes those prejudices and 
yet delivers that sour pill with a bit 
of off the wall humor' that com-
bines to produce an unforgettable 
film. 

4 HIATUS MAY 3, 199() 

Flat 'Vital Signs' 
By CORY MATTHEW LIDSCHIN 
Contributing Writer 

Judging from the previews, "Vital Signs" may appear to be an 
exciting movie. It combines the fast-paced world of medicine 
with the private lives of five students studying to become 
doctors. It is the storyofa competition to find out who will make 
it through the grueling third year of medical school and who will 
become the best doctor. 

Unfortunately, the film fails to live up to its expectations .. 
"Vital Signs" is supposed to be about the medical profession, but 
ends up focusing on the sexual relationships of seven young 
people. They could have been anything: firemen, drug dealers, 
o r garbage collectors. It is 
the story of FILM: ''Vitt.lSigns,'' starring their lives, 
while the L~ura San Giacomo 9nd med ical as-
pects just act Jimmy Smits. Directed bv as hindrances 
to the sto- Marisa Silver. ryline. The 
medical side acts as a com-
mon theme, but does not work well with the plot development. 

Director Marisa Silver ("Permanent Record") was given a 
good start with a very large troupe of young actors. But that's ex-
actly the trouble: there are just too many of them. 

Adrian Pasdar ("Cookie"), in his first starring role, talks like 
he is a three-year-old with a low, sweet voice that just doesn't cut 
it. He plays Michael who falls in love with Gina (Diane Lane) 
while trying to make honors to attain the coveted position of a 
surgical internship. A star must have some presence and he has 
none, aside from hi good looks. Lane {"Lonesome Dove"} needs 
to find a role that is something other than "the good looking 
babe who likes to have fun ." Laura San Giacomo ("sex, lies, and 
videotape") and Jimmy Smits ("LA Law") are two fine actor 
who are totally wasted in this film, because they are given char-
acters with no es ence. Tim Ranson and Jane Adams are given 
the only fun characters as roommates in a platonic relationship 
who have a very hard time keeping it that way. The story around 
them works very well, and leaves the audience wishing that the 
movie focused more of its attention on them. 

Director Silver trie to put heavy drama into the storyline, 
but it doesn't come across. These medical students sure do seem 
to have a lot of fun. 

"Vital Signs" might have worked if they had limited the focus 
of the students to say, three of them, which would have allowed 
for stronger development. But what is actually seen are the 
partial lives of five medical srudents and their vague association 
with the medical profession. 

-Oops! -
In our April 19 issue, HIATUS mistakenly printed that 

Jambay was performing at the Earth Day celebration. The band 
was actually Me & Baby Gin. HIATUS regrets this error 


