
No News 
Is Good News 

Madonna Live 
... Well, Sort of 

In Economics, Silence Is Golden 
Opinion, page 4 

The Blonde Ambition Tour 
Hiatus, page H4 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 70, NUMBER 14 

Rima UzgirlslGuardian 
Claude Mona of the National Organization for 'the Reform of Marijuana Laws was one speaker in 
a Monday rally on the Main Gym steps that asked for increased student support of the co-ops. 

Center Board Requests Co-op 'Inquiry 
Edson Proposal to Create Appeals Board Draws Fire 

By BEN BOYCHUK 
Senior StaffWrieer 

The University Center Board 
barely passed a resolution Monday 
night requesting an Academic 
Senate investigation of what the 
board called "the university 
administration's usurpation of the 
University Center Board's author-
ity to allocate space and negotiate 
leases in facilities funded by stu-
dents." 

The resolution, proposed by 
board member Steve Dubb, passed 
4-3 with one abstention. 

sure about the ultimatt: outcome of 
dealing with the Academic Senate. 

"There are two sides to con-
sider: the Academic Senate might 
sympathize with students and want 
to see the right thing done, or they 
just might not want to dirty their 
hands with the whole thing," Long 
speculated. 

A.S. President John Edson 
voiced his support for the resolu-
tion at the meeting, citing the need 
for the creation of a standing ap-
peals board. 

Judicial Board. He noted that the 
Academic Senate is separate from 
the administration and the judicial 
board is separate from the A.S .. 

UCB member Mordecai Potash 
agreed with Edson's proposal, and 
added, "If undergraduates are 
checked by the administration, it is 
only fair that men like Vice Chan-
cellor Watson have a check on 
their power." 

Edson's proposal sparked a 
debate over the wording and feasi-
bility of Dubb's proposal. 

Dave Aronson of the Student 
Democratic Front was concerned 
if the co-ops had been consulted 

See UCB, page 3 

Women's Tennis 
Shocked at Nationals 
Tritons Fall in Final to Gustavus Adolphus 

Sports, page 14 

THURSDAY, MAY 17,1990 

End of Suds at Shores? 
City Council Considers 
L.J. Beach Booze Ban 
By RANDY DOTINGA 
Senior Sta!fWrieer 

The days of booze and beach at 
La Jolla Shores may soon come to 
an abrupt end, if the San Diego 
City Council approves a propo al 
banning alcohol at the popular 
recreation area. 

A council committee will meet 
next Wednesday to debate an out-
line of a six-month pilot program 
that would outlaw alcohol at La 
Jolla Shores beach and the adjoin-
ing Kellogg Park, in addition to an 
as-yet unnamed inner-city park. 

Under the program, only large 
groups who obtain permits for 
alcohol at La Jolla Shores would 
be allowed to consume alcohol 
there. 

If it approves the proposal, the 
council's Public Facilities and Rec-
reation Committee, which consists 
of five of the nine council mem-
bers, will forward it to the full city 
council for discussion. 

According to committee con-
sultant Pete Hogan, if the proposal 
is approved by both the committee 
and the full council without de-
lays, the ban may become law as 
early as mid-July. 

The proposal is part of a larger 
plan to combat safety problems at 
local parks and beaches, Hogan 
said. Other elements of the plan 
include varying the hours of police 
patrols in park areas and address-
ing skateboard and bicycle haz-
ards at the Mission Beach board-
walk, Hogan said. 

"Last year [the committee] 
began to focus on alcohol as being 

one of the primary causes of mis-
behavior," Hogan explained. "[The 
proposal] kind of evolved into 
banning alcohol as a remedy." 

Hogan said problems arising 
from alcohol use at city beaches 
include "rowdiness, abusive be-
havior, fights , vandalism, and 
broken bottles in front yards." 

At its April 25 meeting the 
committee, by a vote of 4-1, di-
rected the city manager to form an 
outline of a proposal to ban alcohol 
at La Jolla Shores beach and in-
crease alcohol law enforcement at 
Mission Beach and Pacific Beach. 

According to Hogan, the pur-
pose of the alcohol ban proposal in 
its current incarnation is to weigh 
the benefits of an alcohol ban ver-
sus beefed-up enforcement. 

The impetus for the choice of 
La Jolla Shores came from First 
District Councilwoman Abbe 
Wolfsheimer, according to Hogan. 

Wolfsheimer, who represents 
La Jolla and University City, was 
responding to complaints from the 
La Jolla Shores Association about 
alcohol use at the beach, said Lisa 
Gonzalez, a representative of 
Wolfsheimer's office. 

"She's hoping that more fami-
lies can go to the beach, and won't 
have the problem ... of noise and 
parties," Gonzalez said. 

John Berol, chairman of the La 
Jolla Shores Association, said resi-
dents living near the beach began 
to see an increase in nighttime 
problems about a year ago. 

The problems involved "rowdy, 
large groups at night, rocks com-

See ALCOHOL, page 3 
According to Dubb, an Aca-

demic Senate investigation will 
send a message to the administra-
tion that the faculty is not happy 
with the administration's recent 
decision to not support the new 
University Center Board (UCB)-
co-op lease. 

"There are arguments on both 
sides," Edson said. "On one hand, 
there is the valid argument that 
students do pay for student facili-
ties, and should have a say in run-
ning those facilities. 

"The other side is that that the 
university must comply to state 
and municipal regulations on busi-
ness standards and practices ... and 
that the university has to look out 
for its best interests," he added. 

A.S. Funds Sun God Festival, U CB Budget 

The lease, approved by the UCB 
Feb. 12, was mutually acceptable 
by the UCB and the co-ops. On 
Feb. 27, Vice Chancellor of Un-
dergraduate Affairs Joseph Wat-
son issued a letter declaring that 
the UCB-co-op lease agreement is 
"not an option." 

"The idea is that the [Academic 
Senate] has prestige, and their 
support will make the students' 
position stronger," Dubb said. 

According to the UCB resolu-
tion, Watson's declaration bla-
tantly ignores Article VI, Section 
Six of the UCBcharter, which gives 
the board the authority to negotiate 
co-op leases. 

In an interview after the meet-
ing, Long said that he would write 
to Academic Senate Chair Ted 
Groves as soon as possible request-
ing the inquiry. Although confi-
dent of a response, Long was un-

The problem, according to 
Edson, concerns who makes the 
decisions as to what the university's 
best interests are. 

Edson said that he would pro-
pose that a special appeals board 
be created to handle future contro-
versies such as the co-op lease 
disagreement. 

"Just as the administration has a 
check on our power, this board 
would be a check on their power," 
Edson declared. "From the 
university's point of view, their 
actions have been justifiable. 
Therefore, they should have no 
problem justifying their actions to 
an appeals board." 

Under Edson's proposal, the 
appeals board would consist of an 
equal number of members from 
the Academic Senate and the A.S. 

By MARY BErry HEARD 
Senior Staff Writer 

The A.S. Council passed a $3 
million budget for the University 
Center Board for the 1990-91 fis-
cal year in its meeting last night. 

The budget, submitted by Uni-
versity Center Board (UCB) Chair 
Nick Long, would cover such 
expenses as housekeeping 
($430,418), games and recreation 
($39,854), and the UCB itself 
($56,521). 

Some members questioned the 
proposed allocation of $121,549 
in UCB funds to Mac's Place, not 
realizing that the UCB subsidizes 
the computer service. 

"The expectations are that we 
will eventually not have to put 
more money into it," Long said. 

Another large expenditure 
passed during the meeting was an 
allocation of $8,628 from Man-
dated Reserves to purchase a new 

Macintosh II computer system for 
the A.S. 

Public Relations Commissioner 
George Maurer said, "The machine 
we have right now is fine for some 
publicity, but it doesn't have the 
functions or quality we want. This 
machine will grow with our 
needs ... itwon'tgetout-dated. This 
is a long-term investment." 

According to Student Advocate 
Joe Floren, when former Public 
Relations Commissioner Benny 
Singer proposed to buy a computer 
system last year, he had intended 
to buy two. 

"The initial proposal was to buy 
two computers, one for the council 
and one for the commissioner of 
public relations. And one hasn't 
been enough for the P.R. commis-
sioner. And [Programming Com-
missioner Man Schnurer] needs 
one,too ... I see this as a rainy day 
purchase," Floren said. 

While some members showed 

concern for the safety of expensive 
equipment in the A.S. office, 
Maurer insisted that the computers 
would be kept under lock and key 
and would be locked down to desks 
to prevent theft. 

The council! also reallocated 
$400 in funds fot this Friday's Sun 
God Festival. 

According to Vice President 
External and Sun God Chair Molly 
McKay, the funds will be used to 
purchase 1,000 multicolored bal-
loons, balloon strings, butcher 
paper, tempera paints, and blank 
flags. The butcher paper and flags 
will be distributed to each booth to 
be decorated with the paints by the 
organ izations. 

"It will make it look so much 
more festive," McKay said. 

A sum of $600 from the Volun-
teer Connection 's budget was real-
located to the Volunteer 
Connection's Recognition Cere-

See A.S., page 6 



E*UCSDNEWSJ 
Seminar to Focus on Gender Issues 

A graduate semi nar on gender issues featuring Helene 
Keyssar of the Communications Depanment will take 
place Saturday from 9 a.m. to noon at the International 
Center. Group discussions will focus on teaching assistant 
and research assistant issues, sexual harassment, career 
futures, and race and gender issues. 

Students interested in attending should call 534-3436 
for information. 

Director of Scripps Elected to ASP 
Edward A. Frieman, director of the Scripps Institution 

of Oceanography, was elected to the American Philo-
sophical Society CAPS) during its recent meeting in Phila-
delphia. APS is the nation's olde I generalleamed soci-
ety , and its members are recognized leaders in their fields. 

Frieman, who has been director of Scripps since 1986, 
also serves as UCSD's vice chancellor of marine sciences. 
He is one of27 American members and six foreign mem-
bers added to APS this year, bringing the tOlal member-
ship to 572 American and 131 foreign members. 

Frieman serves as a science advisor to the U.S. govem-
ment in a variety of capacities, includi ng chairman of the 
Nalional Academy of Sciences/Nalional Research Coun-
cil Supercollider Site Evaluation Committee, chairman of 
the Secretary of Defense Task Force on Anti-Submarine 
Warfare, and vice chairman of the White House Science 
Council. 

APS was formed in response 10 a 1743 proposal by 
Benjamin Franklin calling for the establishment of a sci-
entific sociely. lls purpose is to "promote excellence and 
useful knowledge in the sciences and humanities through 
scholarly research, professional meetings, publications, 
library resources, and community service." 

Footrace to Raise Funds for Campus 
Seminars, Scholarships, Easter Seals 

The first annual Fiesta Bay Footrace, a 10K race and 
2.5-mile fun run, will be held Saturday, May 19 at Fiesta 
Island. 

The event is sponsored by the UCSD chapter of Alpha 
Kappa Psi, a national cooed professional business frater-
nity, and will raise funds for scholarships and business 
seminars at UCSD. A portion of fees will also benefit the 
San Diego Easter Seals Society. 

The 10K race begins at 7 a.m. and the 2.5-mile fun run 

Calvin and Hobbes 

--

will start immediately after. Fees are $14 per person in ad-
vance and $17 on the day of the race. Entrants will receive 
a race T-shirt and are eligible for a grand prize drawing. 
Awards will be given to top finishers in each division. 
Registration forms are available at the University Book-
store and other locations. 

A wheelchair division is included in the competition. 
Wheeeichair racers from the San Diego RoadruMers and 
Torrey P ines Kiwanis Club will compete in the race. 

c .......... _v_c _NE_w_s_J 
June Ballot Props. 111, 121 Topic of 
May 17-18 Board of Regents Report 

Two June ballot measures considered to be of critical 
importance to the UC-Propositions 111 and 121 - will 
be the topic of a report to the UC Board of Regents by 
William Baker, vice president for budget and university 
relations, at the board's May 17-18 meeting. 

Baker will also address the UC's 1990-91 operating 
and capital budget in a report to the Committee on Fi-
nance, which will meet on May 17. 

Proposition III would modify the state spending limit 
to allow the slate to spend more of the revenue it takes in. 
Proponents claim it would help the state meet the demands 
of a growing population in areas such as education, health 
care, transportation, and law enforcement. 

Proposition 121 would authorize a $450-million gen-
eral obligation bond for capital improvements and new 
construction at the community colleges, within the state 
university system, and at existing UC campuses. 

Another topic of the meeting will be a proposal to 
modify UC's first-year student admission requirement 
through the addition of a year of study in world history, 
cultures, and geography and the addition of a second year 
of laboratory science. 

Eleven UC Scientists, Researchers 
Elected to Join Academy of Sciences 

Eleven UC scientists and researchers have been elected 
to the prestigious ational Academy of Sciences, bring-
ing the UC's total membership to 252 plus four foreign as-
sociates. Total membership in the academy is 1,601 with 
272 foreign associates. 

In the recent election, UC Berkeley had four new 
members, and UC Davis had two. The Irvine, Riverside, 
San Diego, and San Francisco campuses and the UC-
managed Lawrence Livermore Laboratory each had one. 

by Bill Watterson 

Election to the academy is considered one of the 
highest honors in the U.S. scientific community. Mem-
bership is awarded annually in recognition of distin-
guished and continuing achievement in original research. 

UCLA Faculty, StatTHold Forum to 
Discuss Chicano Studies Major 

LOS ANGELES - More than 30 UCLA faculty and 
staff joined forces last week to discuss the different 
obstacles faced in lobbying the administration for the 
creation of a Chicano Studies department. 

Although the forum reached no organized resolution 
for action, the group agreed that more detailed discussion 
would be necessary in order to consolidate faculty and 
student efforts to preserve the Chicano Studies major and 
create a department in the discipline. 

"We have an institution right now in which students are 
not talking to faculty, faculty are not talking to students, 
some faculty are not talking to each other. I t is a frustrating 
experience to figure out how to mobilize this larger 
community without an infrastructure within the commu-
nity that promotes dialogue," UCLA History Professor 
George S:mchez said. 

Sanchez shared his struggle as a non-tenured faculty 
member to meet the high-pressure demands of teaching 
courses, silting on committees, and meeting research 
quotas. He said it was difficult to find time to assist with 
the Chicano Studies major, which operates on a volunteer 
teaching basis . 

Sanchez sits on the committee that administers the 
Chicano Studies major. Before an Academic Senate 
committee recommended suspending the major, the com-
mittee met only once - at Sanchez's request. 

Thecommitlee drew up a proposal recommending that 
the major be preserved and strengthened. The proposal 
included a three-year plan for upgraping the Chicano 
Studies program at UCLA which involved faculty and 
taff input and an examination of successful programs at 

other schools. 
Richard Chabran, research coordinator of the Chicano 

Studies Research Center, criticized the university for its 
repeated refusal to respond to its own task forces' conclu-
sions that cited inadequate funding as a major problem in 
the development of the discipline at UCLA. 

"The major reason this [department] is not happening 
is that we ha ve placed too much trust in the admi nistration. 
While we were out there trying to convince them to 
develop other intellectual traditions, w<! were too busy to 
see what they were funding," he said. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, NelliS Editor 
and Jason Snell, Associllle NelliS Editor 

GThe UCSD ;yo. £ ~T DABD.Ln..1' 

1lIf1.CSO~1I~"""'II'IITIUtdIrt~""""''''1Ir1l'll 
..... _ .. ucso . .....-. ............... .., ..... _ .. _ ... 
In pori, ...... ponnIooion itllricly prallilbd. 01910." ri;11a-
ThtVCSD _ . ... ,--.IOfIho_ .. UIIIOiIciIod ~ ...... The 
_ .... _ .................. I011 ...... """""" .... do ... '-"" ... . 
_"oponionI" ThtUCSD~ "lJIMI1iIy"~ ... Iho_~ 
_"VCSD.~_ 

Edhorlel: 534-8580 aull.,...: 534 3466 Fax: 534-7681 
UCSD GUllrd"n, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Thursday, May 17, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

ALCOHOL: Ban Plan Brews Controversy 
Continued from page 1 drinkers may be fined between $50 alcohol ban at La 10lla Shores has 
ing through windows, public defe- and $100 for a first offense, de- not been specified, it would likely 
cat ion and urination ... Shouts, pending on the city, according to not be stringent. 
screams, and fights," Serol said. Viren. "I don ' t see police walking up 

"The city just doe n' t have the "[t 's not a slap on the wrist at andgiv ing a person a ticket ," Hogan 
adequate resources to have super- all ," he said. said. Jnstead, police would proba-
vision there full time," Berol ar- Hogan said that while the pun- bly just give drinkers warnings, 
gued, "[sol it just isn't feasible to ishment for violating the proposed according to Hogan. 
have alcohol." 

Last December, the committee 
proposed a ban on alcohol con-
sumption at all city beaches. But 
the committee "backed off on that 
idea" after the proposal met oppo-
s ition from Mayor Maureen 
O'Connor and others, Hogan said. 

The La 10lla Shores alcohol 
ban has met opposition from 
O'Connor, members of the City 
Counci l, and the La Jolla Town 
Council, a local advisory group. 

O 'Connor opposes the ban 
because "she doesn' t think it's 
fair that the vast majority of indi-
viduals that are able to use alcohol 
responsibly are not able to do so 
because a small minority cannot 
restrain themselves," said Paul 
Downey, the mayor 's press secre-
tary. 

Downey added that O'Connor 
feels the solution to public nui-
sance problems at the beach is 
better enforcement of existing laws 
instead ofthecreation of new ones. 

La Jolla Town Council mem-
berGayleTejadaPateagreed with 
O'Connor that an alcohol ban is 
not necessary. 

"There are adequate regula-
tions on the books regarding pub-
lic behavior," Pate commented. 

In an interview, Councilman 
Bob Filner said that while he sup-
ported the aborted city-wide alco-
hol ban proposal, he voted against 
the La Jolla Shores plan because 
the council would be reversing its 
original decision to shelve the city" 
wide proposal. 

"We already changed our 
minds," Filner said. "Now we ' re 
changing it back again. It's just 
been crazy that we stand on one 
path, reversed oursel ves, and now 
are on the same path again." 

Noting that several other cities 
in Southern California outlaw al-
cohol at their beaches, Hogan said 
a ban here would not be unprece-
dented. 

The city of Coronado has 
banned alcohol from its city beach 
and parks for the past 33 years. 

Lifeguards in Coronado are 
strongly in favor of the alcohol 
ban there because " they think it 
keeps things under control," said 
Leslie Shinners, the acting direc-
tor of the Coronado Recreation 
Department. 

Beaches under Los Angeles 
County's jurisdiction have out-
lawed alcohol for more than 25 
years, said Captain Tom Viren of 
the Lifeguard Division of the Los 
Angeles County Department of 
Beaches and Harbors. 

Aggressive enforcement of the 
alcohol ban over the last several 
years in Los Angeles has worked 
to make "the people's conduct on 
the beach ... much more mellow, 
[with less) alcohol-related con-
frontations," Viren said. 

The stepped-up enforcement 
was the result of a high number of 
alcohol-related drownings, Viren 
said. 

Enforcement of the alcohol ban 
in Los Angeles County has been 
particularly stringent at Malibu's 
Zuma Beach, Viren said, result -
ing in a decrease in the number of 
automobile accidents involving 
intoxicated beachgoers returning 
home through treacherous canyon 
passes. 

In Los Angeles County, beach 

Mixing beach fun with alcohol may soon be a thing of the past. 

A~ MAKEGOOD 
~~ SUMMER MONEY!! 

Motivated Students 
"ncleel for 

"eighborhood Marketingl 
• Valuable Marketing Experience 
• Spend Your Time Outdoors 
• Flexible Hours 

~\' • Good Money 
• f ~ • Excellent Training 

Earn $10.00 per hour or more developing residential 
customers for Lloyd Pest Control. Call Dan or Greg at 
298-9865 between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. for an interview. 

inckJdes: 9tampoo and ~ haimJt:. 
Slow dry and styting $4 extra. 
Full seNice ~ces reg. $21-$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To insure faster service, ~'s 
best to come on weekdays. 

~I_L. RIECE:PTII0NIIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 Days: M-F-8 9-6pm; T-W-T 9-8pm 

dMIl~~1CII ) .. .......... .... ---_ ..... -.. , ............. _--. 
............... -.... 

457·3334 
8843 La Jolla Village Dr. • La Jolla, CA 
La Jolla Village Center , Savon) 

NEWS 3 

UCB: Students Debate 
Appeal Board Concept 
Continued from page 1 
about the matter. 

"Why should we trust the 
administration at all?" Aron-
son asked. "As far as I'm con-
cerned, it's the students against 
the administration ... you ei-
ther take one side orthe other." 

Andy Howard, coordinator 
of the Inter-Co-op Legal Af-
fairs Committee, did not sup-
pon Edson's proposal. He ar-
gued that tbe board would be 
much better off if it simply 
requested the intervention of 
the Academic Senate. 

"Adding some sort of ad-
hoc committee to the process 
only muddies the water," How-
ard said. 

Potash, however, com-
mented that the AS. Judicial 
Board's role in the proposed 
appeals board would be posi-
tive because "we want to in-

volve students as much as we 
can wbeneverand in whatever." 

Howard pointed out that the 
text of the resol ution only called 
for an Academic Senate inquiry, 
and thattheAS. Judicial Board 
may not have jurisdiction be-
cause of a constitutional amend-
ment passed in the A.S. election 
last month. 

"I might be mistaken, but 
wasn't a constitutional amend-
mentjusr passed saying that the 
j udicial board is not an investi-
gative body?" Howard asked. 

According to UCB Chair 
Nick Long, the amendment does 
not take effect for one year. 

Edson claimed ihat the im-
mediate UCB resolution did not 
involve his proposal, stating that 
it would be better for the Aca-
demic Senate and theAS. Judi-
cial Board to work separately 
now. 

lAUDIOi=ILii 
digital music 

Need a pair of Audio File 
quality loudspeakers? 

• Purchase a pair of JAMO $ A 9900 
(Yah-moh) CL 25's for At 

(International Audio Review called this 
speaker ... "the best sounding speaker 
under $SOO. 001 H) and ... 

• Receive any 5, that's right, 
FIVE CD's for FREEl! 

Valw up 10 $601 Hwry, offer.,.,ds 5/24/'10. 

'dr:!AUDIOrILe 
digital musIc .. !,~, 459-FILE 

1030 Torrey Pine. Rd., La Jolla next to 24-Hr. Market 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 17, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN. Edilor in Chief 
ROBI MAC LEAN. Managing EdilOr 
CATHER I E DILLE. News Edilor 
ANTON BITTNER. News Editor 
DA VID BURKHART. Opinion Edilor 

TJ" UCSD CUllJ'duJn Is published Iwk.-e .... «kly lithe Univtnity of California. San Dicj;o Conlents C 1990. 
Vlcwsupressed ~m rcpR:litnllhc majority vOle oft~tdhorill bo::trd •• nd 3ft M( n~wnl)' those O(the 
UC 8ow'd of Recenl I~e ASUCSD, nor the entire Guuruiofl )taff. 

The Economy 

No News is Good News 
The last 12 months have been full of good news. The collapse 

of communism, new democracies in Eastern Europe and Central 
America, the threat of nuclear war significantly reduced ... but 
worries about the economy continue. 

It 's inevitable. Cynics say that people vote their pocketbooks, 
but the truth is larger (and less sinister) than that: People care 
more about their own economic well being, and thus the whole 
economy, than they care about most issues. That doesn't mean 
everybody watches "Wall Street Week" or even knows who the 
Federal Reserve chairman is (he 's Alan Greenspan). But people 
do care about whether the economy is going to head south, and 
memories of the stagnant 1970s add to their skittishness. 

The media, as usual , feeds public fears . As Gregg Easterbrook, 
a contributing editor of Newsweek and the Atlantic, wrote in the 
New Republic last August 21, "There's an economic trend in 
progress. It's bad, real bad. What trend? Makes no difference." 

No matter what happens, the news media is ready to find the 
cloud under the silver lining: Unemployment goes up? That's 
easy: More people out of work is bad. Unemployment goes 
down? No problem - wages will go up (spurring inflation!), less 
jobs will be available, and the risk of an overheating economy 
means the Fed will raise interest rates - all bad things. Real, real 
bad. 

Unemployment is just one example. If the dollar is weakening, 
the media appeals to nationalist sentiment and tells us that the 
United States is declining. If the dollar is getting stronger, the 
media tells us that a strong dollar means Americans wi 11 buy more 
foreign products, which increases the trade deficit, which means 
that - bingo - the United States is declining. 

The huge budget deficit, pundits tell us, will plunge the nation 
- and perhaps the world - into a deep depression if it is not 
remedied. Well, maybe. But the federal government has had a 
deficit for decades, and the United States still hasn't had a 
depression in over 50 years. As a percentage of gross national 
product, the deficit has stayed constant for years. True, it is 
obscene that the elected officials in WaShington - supposedly 
our best and brightest - can't control themselves, and waste is 
rampant. It isn ' t Armageddon, though. 

We also suffer from a huge "current accounts deficit," and the 
United States is thus a "debtor nation." This is one of the most 
ridiculous abuses of economic statistics. Attempting to evaluate 
whether the United States is a debtor nation is similar to trying to 
evaluate whether or not you have good karma. 

Nobel Prize-winning economist Milton Friedman points out a 
multitude of flaws in the statistics. For example, investments are 
valued at purchase price. Thus, plant and equipment purchases 
made in foreign countries by U.S. investors in the 1960s are 
compared to investments made here in the 1980s. The foreign 
investments have increased in value tremendously, but are still 
valued at purchase price, in 1960s dollars. Moreover, U.S. gold 
reserves are valued at the "official" price - $42.22 an ounce. 
Gold is actually worth 10 times that. 

Even if the U.S. is a debtor nation, Friedman argues, it's 
essentially meaningless. So what if Americans decide to save a 
litlle less and enjoy a higher standard of living? The truth is that 
the United States is still the most powerful nation in the world, by 
virtually any measure, and the doomsayers are slightly comical. 
As the London Ecollomistpoi nted out recently, the Unitl'd States 
is now the superpower - no other contenders to the title can be 
taken eriously . 

Everything ir,n't perfect, and bad things will happen. How-
ever, cataclysm is not imminent, and, despite what the media tells 
as, there is a lot of good economic news. Relax. 

Credit Report Fun: Dealing With TRW 
Editor: 

If you have ever had the pleas-
ure of dealing with a credit report-
ing agency, please stay tuned. 
After receiving a copy of my credit 
profile, I reque ted TRW to dis-
close the source of negative infor-
mati on appearing on my report. I 
received a computer printout 
which read, "Tl-IIS INFORMATION WILL 
REMAIN ON TIlE CREDIT PROFILE FOR 
UP TO SEVEN YEARS." 

SO again, I requested the source 
of the negative information only 
to recei ve a second computerized 
reply reiterating the same mes-
sage. 

I wrote to TRW a third time 
stating I had no knowledge of the 
item and to please disclose the 
source of the information, the 
name of the collection agent, tele-
phone, etc. so that I might person-
ally contact them to inquire about 
the information on my report. 

TRW's third reply reiterated 
the same baloney they gave me 
the first two times. No real person, 
no signature,just a computer print-
out with the same haunting mes-
sage: "1li\S INFORMATION WILL RE-
MAIN ON YOUR CREDIT PROFILE FOR 
UP TO SEVEN YEARS." 

I was beginning to wonder if a 
computer were reading my letters, 
or a real person? So I decided, in 
the intereSt of truth, justice, and 
the American way, to pursue the 
matter further. 

Once again, I wrote TRW re-
questing the source of the nega-
tive infonnation on my credit 
report. Several days later, 10 and 
behold, a small white envelope ar-
rived in the mail with a tiny piece 
of white paper that had the name 
of the collection agency, and a 
phone number, handwritten in pen! 

Aha! So there is a real live 
person working at TRW after all! 
I promptly contacted the collec-
tion agent and learned that the 

BENSON 

matter was sent to TRW in error, 
and that steps would be taken to 
remove the information from my 
credit profile. So much for the 
tyranny of TRW! 

A few days later, another one 
of those large computer printouts 
from TRW appeared in my mail 
box, only this time the message 
read "WE HAVE REASON TO BELIEVE 
THAT YOUR DISPUTES ARE FRIVOLOUS 
OR IRRELEVANT ... YOUR DISPUTES 
TIlEREFORE WILL NOT BE REINVESTI-
GATED." Imagine that! My contin-
ual attempts to identify and clear 
up disputed infonnation on my 
credit profile were viewed by 
TRW as "FRIVOLOUS OR IRRELE-
VANT." 

What, pray tell, prompted the 
monstrous TRW computer to spew 
this sort of language out, particu-
larly after some "human" already 
sent me the information [ re-
quested? 

Was it some computer error or 
was it perhaps that my last letter 
was also copied to my congress-
man, the Better Business Bureau, 
the Attorney General's Office, and 
the Consumer Affairs Depart-

ment? 
Or was it my reminding TRW 

of my constitutional rights of dis-
closure of any information appear-
ing on my report and that I was 
prepared to take legal action 
against TRW if they continued to 
refuse to disclose the information 
I requested? 

When it comes down toacredi-
tor or lender granting me credit, 
nothing appearing on my credit 
profile is "FRIVOLOUS OR IRRELE-
VANT." 

Who the hell does TRW think 
it is, making those kinds of judge-
ments on private individual? Who 
gave it the powerto decide what is 
"irrelevant or frivolous?" Who 
gave it the power to control the 
fate of individual, to intention-
ally withhold requested informa-
tion, and ruin their credit pro-
files?!? 

What I learned from my not-
so-brief but enlightening encoun-
ter with TRW, was that perhaps 
my first three leiters were mailed 
to the wrong person, or rather, the 
wrong computer! 

Mary Szterpakiewlcz 

Coverage Was Adequate 
Editor: 

This letter is in regards to Brian Byrne's letter about the national 
championship women's water polo team ("Coverage of Victory Inade-
quate," May 10). First off, the Editor's Note seems to have missed the 
point. It said that the Sports section is always on the last page of the 
newspaper, thereby discounting that the story had received less attention 
than it was due. This misses the point Mr. Byrne seemed to be making, 
that is, that the story should have been on the front page. 

That said, I would like to add my own misgi v ings about Mr. B yme' S 
views. Yes, it is true that the team was a national champion in an open 
division, but is water polo really due that kind of emphasis as other real, 
spectator-drawing sports? Add to this the factthat it was only a women's 
team, hardly a competitive venue. 

Colleges across the nation have been de-emphasizing women's 
sports due to their lack of general fan support, so obviously this point, 
while controversial, is a valid one. Do not blame the Guardiall for 
having the same standards as newspapers from other respected institu-
tions across the country. 

Steve Kim 

Thur day, May 17, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

The S&L Crisis: Are Banks Next? 
Editor: 

[n 1987 a $5 billion recapitalization plan was 
proposed for the Federal Savings and Loan Insur-
ance Corporation (FSLIC); In 1989 the president 
signed a "bailout" bill providing for $50 billion; 
last month a congressional report estimated the 
final cost at $500 billion - 100 times the amount 
suggested three years ago. The new figure, al-
though spread over many years, equals nearly half 
of the entire federal budget for the current fiscal 
year. It exceeds this year's cost of Social Security, 
or .Defense, or interest on the national debt. $500 
billion is almost 10 percent of the Gross National 
Product. 

More sobering facts: The Resolution Trust 
Corporation (RTC), the agency created to "re-
solve" the problem has seized 369 S&Ls. Esti-
mated to be 60 percent of the total insolvent 
institutions to be taken over, about 250 more re-
main to be closed. In the entire state of Arizona 
there are only four S&Ls still in private hands. 

If Great American doesn't raise a third of a 
billion dollars or find a merger partner by Christ-
mas, two of the three biggest in San Diego, .t rela-
tively healthy real estate market, will be in govern-
ment hands. The current catalog of properties 
seized by the RTC is 3000 pages long and lists 
1,500 parcels of real estate not producing enough 
income to make payments on the money originally 
loaned against tbem by the bank. 

I did say bank. Bankers quickly point out how 
they differ from S&L to keep from being painted 
with the same brush. But how much do they differ? 

In 1984, when the frrst alann bells started to 
sound. the FSLIC was supervising 3,300 institu-
tions with 700 auditors, one for each 4.7 S&Ls. In 
1987, FSLIC reserves (the account drawn on to , 
make good on guarantees) dropped below $500 
million at a time when it was "guaranteeing" over 
$1 trillion in savings accounts (one-halfof 1/IOof 
a penny in reserves for each dollar insured). 

A year ago William Seidman, chainnan of the 
Feder.tl Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC 
- the sister agency which "guarantees" accounts 
in Banks), told Congress his agency was prepared 
to take over the supervision of the RTC and would 
divert 500 of his 2,029 bank examiners to the task. 
At that time he was responsible for supervising 
about 13,500 banks. Before the diversion he h:-d 
one examiner for seven banks and afterwards he 

had one for9 banks. He was spread thinner than the 
FSLIC before the diversion and even more so 
afterward. As of June 30, 1989 the reserves of the 
FDIC were just over $14.2 biIJion insuring ac-
counts totaling $1.797 trillion (8/10 of a penny in 
reserves for each dollar insured). Nothing has 
immunized the banks from a carbon copy crisis of 
their own which will make the S&L crisis seem 
like the financial equivalent of accidentally miss-
ing your car payment. 

The American Public has no one to blame but 
itself. We have indulged in the foolish notion that 
govemment-through a handful of auditors-can 
guarantee the prudence and wisdom of all the ac-
tions of a huge number of banking executives 
(with varying degrees of talent, insight and integ-
rity) employed in a huge industry. This notion was 
always a fiction. Its folly is compounded by an 
equally false belief that errors of the present gen-
eration can be paid for by future generations. 
Where do we get $500 billion? Of course it comes 
from the issuance of debt, inflating the money sup-
ply or taxation, all essentially identical methods if 
viewed from the vantage of their fmal effect. 

For most of this century, with each step away 
from indi vidual self sufficiency and self disci pline 
toward self gratification and self indulgence, we 
have crept farther from self government. The "let 
George do it" attitude which trusted government 
to insure integrity (an internal contradiction in 
itself) in the thrift industry is the same "quick fix", 
short tenn mentality that has preceded the collapse 
of most democratic societies throughout history. 
Under what name is not important. Call it shaving 
of coins by Nero and Marcus Aurelius in ancient 
Rome, the German inflation of the 1920s or the 
Savings and Loan Crisis of 1990, debasing tbe 
money supply under any pretext heralds the end of 
a free society. . 

We have not regulated our banks. We have not 
regulated ourselves. We are overdue for hard 
choices to pursue sound practices of thrift as 
individuals and as citizens of a self governed 
society. Until then we cannot expect our institu-
tions magically to reflect the lofty ideals and 
val ues that we as a people lack:. And we should not 
act surprised when we discover what we always 
should have known: The fault, dear taxpayer, lies 
not in our banks, but in ourselves. 

Roger J. Brown 

SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE 
BACKPACKS 

WA 65 REG. $119.99 NOW 79.99 
WA 63 REG. 129.99 NOW 89.99 
WA 68 REG. 139.99 NOW 99.99 

INTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 
DUPONT COROURA • LIFETIME WARRANTY 

'FAMOUS TRAILS' - ' MEl ' - ' EAGLE CREEK" 
'EASTPAK" ALL AT LOW DISCOUNT PRICES 

i·~;f·2000ira;'i~· i ~,·I~.· -' .. 
: gogo, poc:I<s, carts. money _ . ""$S- • 
, port holders. neck ptkMs, volt. .. 

~_~2'~ : ~ ~~:. ~:h. ~!I_ /.~ 

1539 Gamet, Pacific Beach 483·1421 
m. Sat a Sun 10 •. m.·S .m. 

SIMON MIKHAEL 
IMMIGRATION ATTORNEY 
• Business visas for professionals and investors 
• Labor certification s 
• Asylum & deportation defense 
Fluent: Arabic and French 
Member: American Immigration Lawyers Association 

FREE INITIAL CONSUlTATION 439-6895 
ac.n.IcIt 2103 8 c.tino ANI. SuiIt 103A 43HI85 
s.n DIego 110 WIll 'C" sr.... Sui11905 233-+431 

UDIA 
Offers 

Students 
15% off 

Cuts 
by Jennifer 

7535 Girard 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

619/454-9651 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFfORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

« \ I I I" I II{" I 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
InIUlWM:t Broken 
3838 C_1ao Del Rio 

Nortll'315 

OPINION 5 

Penny Shaving: A Bargain? 
Editor: 

I would like to clarify an assumption that Andrew McAdam made in 
the letter"Penny Shavers Cost Students" (May I 0). He states that people 
who use shaved pennies "cost UC students a lot of money to pay to fix 
the jammed meters." 

The exacl figure , taken from the feature article "Pennies from Hell." 
is about $5,000 a month. However, a little high school math shows that 
we are actually saving money by using shaved pennies. 

If a shaved penny "gives you 75 cents [worth of] time on meters" and 
8,000 or more shaved pennies are being collected each month, then 
students are getting $6,000 worth of time for $80 worth of pennies, we 
are still only paying $5,080 for $6.000 worth of time. 

Sounds Iik.eagooddeal tome! It is no wonder why "name withheld's" 
father laughed at the incident. Perhaps you should have thought this out 
a little further, Andrew ... Oops .... 

Another Name Withheld 

Water Polo Doesn't Matter 
Editor: 

A recent letter to the editor, "Coverage of Victory rnadequate" by 
Brian Byrne, was marred by a rather blatant disregard for the facts: I 
don't care forthe women's water polo team, nor does anyone else save 
the team and, perhaps, their immediate famil y. Did anyone tune into Ihe 
game? Did anyone go to any home games? Did anyone k.now we have 
a women's water polo learn? 

The fact remains, the general population does not care for our so-
called "champion" team, so why should the paper use up the front page 
space? 

Scott B. Martin 
Timothy F. Martens 

Do the Write Thing 
The UCSD Guardian welcomes your letters 
and commentaries. Drop your letter at the 
Guardian offices (on the second floor of the 
Student Center, above the General Store) 
or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor, The Guardian, 
B-016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Letters should be typed, double-spaced, and 
must include a signature and phone number. 
We reserve the right to edit letters for length 
and clarity. Deadline for letters for Monday's 
issue is noon on Friday. Deadline for Thursday's 
Issue Is noon Monday. 

, • Manne Officer.)OO could be on charge ola or lunior. ""k about ou r Platoon Leader> Oass 
Mach l + f l A-I ,avertical tike-<Jffllarner or prugr.un II you'"" st'fllOr. check out our ()f6c.,r 
one 01 our OIher j& or hebcopler> oInd)oo could Candidu" Oass programs Statung saimes are 
do II bytht Ume yoo·.., 13. But it l3kesaspeci2J lrom SI8,OOO 10 S!<.OOO 'Inchoo can ~ 
commitment on your p;u1. 'lie .------------, 
demanclleader>"'.illi<Yels Go ~-~ .. ,., ~ttach youtobeOClC' II ~U~r. •• 
yuu ..... IITShman. sophomore. faster. 

count 00 going 
farther b"ter 

THE MARINES WILL BE AT THIRD ON THE 17TH, 
MUIR ON THE 21ST AND FIFTH ON THE 22ND. 

FOR MORE INFORMATION CALL 294-2174 



1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 

6 N E WS 

A.S. 
Continued from page 1 
mony. Of the money allocated, 
$550 will pay for food and $50 will 
fund promotions for the event. The 
ceremony will take place this Sat-
urday at the Price Center. 

Thecouncil also allocated $643 
to the Summer Bridge Club for its 
Summer Games Event. The funds 
will be used to pay for field offi-
cials and the lining of the football 
fields for the games. 

"[There are usually] 300 stu-
dents panicipating . .. it ' s basically 
a large event on a Saturday, like a 
mini-Olympics. It is a time for 
[Summer Bridge students] to get 
together," Vice President of Fi-

nance Sergio Langarica said. 
Be ide allocating money to 

variou organization, the A.S. 
Council also appointed several 
members and one former council 
member to council committees. 

AJdo Guerra. Sue Park, and Tom 
Ludwig were appointed to the A.S . 
Personnel Committee. Paul Wilcox 
was appointed as at-large repre-
sentative to the Media Committee. 
Gonsalo Garay was appointed to 
the External Affairs Committee. 

Alidad Moaveni was appointed 
as Third College Representative to 
the Student Organization Finance 
Board. and Anders Roede, former 
vice president of finance, was 
appointed the financial controller 
through Spring Quarter. 

••••••••••••••••••••• 

: EAT CHEAP! 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~ 

UCSD Lunch Specials 
All Nile Long 
B}'s famous lunch specials now available all 
night to UCSD students, faculty and staff with I.D. 

The UCSD Guardian Thu" day, May 17, 1990 

L.-ghts & S-.rens Arecordofpollceactlvltyta enfromtheUCSD Police log book from May 11 through May 15: 
Friday, May 11: 
1 :25 a.m.: A suspect was reported peeking in a window in Drake Hall. 
12:40 p.m.: A student received head and facial injuries in a solo bike accident on campus. He was 
transported by paramedics to Scripps Memorial Hospital. 
Saturday, May 12: 
10:12 a.m.: A student reported being struck by her boyfriend. causing a minor cut on her mouth. The 
incident occurred on May 11 at the Price Center. 
11 :00 p.m.: A student was transported from the Warren Apartments to Scripps Memorial Hospital after 
ingesting excessive medication. 
1 J :30 p.m.: A 42-year-old man not affiliated with UCSD was transported from campus to a detoxifica-
tion center. 
Monday, May 14: 
6:12 p.m.: A student reported that a glass light frame from a ligbt pole fell and smashed the windshield 
of bis 1989 Nissan in a campus parking lot 
Tuesday, May IS: 
10:35 p.m.: The theft of a Zenith computer base unit and a hairbrush from a 1978 Chevrolet Caprice 
parked in a campus lot was reported. The suspects smashed a window and were interrupted by the victim. 
Loss: $2,00 1. 

I ~ 
iii 
I 
I 
• 
• 
• 

AppleCare 
Half price sale! 

Buy the AppleCare extended warranty 
now for 12 months and only pay for 
6 months! 

Add AppleCa7'e to existing warranty on your Macintosh computer 
or buy new coverage. This offer good for a limited time only! 
(Expires May 31 , 1990.) Limited to 1 year purchase. I 

I 
I 8873 Villa LaJoUa Dr. !.aJolla Village Celller 455·0662 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• I UCSD's orlglnal Pizzerla is stili/be bes/! Expiros Sl3JI9O • For further information, call the Computer Center 

at 534,4291 ••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Tune up Includes: align wheels, adjust brakes, 
adjust gears, adjust hubs, bottom bracket, and 
headset, lube, and check rire pressure. 

All of the above and a complete clean up. 

1 " I Univer lity City GRADUATE IN "SUITE" STYLE JUNE 17, 1990 I ~ , Ii 1 
1 UNIVc[yR~myC~ y G,,,,nor 
1 
I 1 1 - ~ .1 f- 3246 Governor Dr. 
1 ~ AccesSOries, Parts & Service in Big Bear Center 1 • We feature Diamond Back, GT and Mlyata 452-8842 
1 _____________________________ 1 

Cyclery 

----------------, UCSD : 
Student: 

Carl's Jr. Special : 
I I 
I BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I 
I I 
: Bacon Cheeseburger : 
! ~FREE ! 
II Valid at: 6788 Mircunar Rd. : 

Coupon expires June 15. 1990. One offer per coupon. I I One coupon per customer per visit. Not valid with any ® 
I other after or c:Uscount. Price does not Incl~ tax. II __ 'It.. -'"IIr. I ©Corl Karcher Enterpriles, Inc. 1990 \,IaA-...... U. • • L _______________________ _ 

EMBASSY 
--?,t--
SUITE SSM 

HOTEL 
SPECIAL UCSD GRADUATE RATE $89.00 41 ~ f:x~~~t:' su~e 
• Luxurious two-room suite with wet bar, 

refrigerator, and microwave oven 
• Full free cooked-to-order breakfast 

every ,morning 
• Free cocktails for two hours each evenlngtt 
• Swimming pool, whlrtpool, sauna, and sundeck 
• 2 miles from the UCSD campus 

• Price Is per suite. per night. and based on availability. 
ttSubject to sta te and /oca/ laws 

For Reservations Call 
(819) 453-0400 

Embassy Suites Hotel· La Jolla. 4550 La Jolla Village Dr .• 
San Diego, CA 92122, (619) 453-0400 

Thursday, May 17, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 7 

V NO Down Payment 
v NO Payment for 120 Days 
v ,NO Interest for 90 Days 

"L,m,ted time fi nancing program. Employment commitment required on approved cred it. 

4433 Mission Bay Drive 
(between Grand and Balboa) 

581 .. 3200 

THINKING ABOUT 
SUMMER SCHOOL? 

THINK ABOUT CHAPMAN! 
• Transferable Upper and Lower Division Cour es 
• Open Enrollment 
• Small Classes 
• General Education Courses 
• Major Courses In 

BUSINESS EDUCATION ENGLISH 
COMM UNICATIONS PSYCHOLOGY 

CHAPMAN COL~E 
• 9 2 Ii Ii 

----------

YES! Please send the Chapman College Summer School Schedule to me 
immediatel y! 
Name __________________________________________ __ 

Address 
City. State, Zip __________________ _ 

MAIL TO: Anthony Garcia, Director of Summer Sessions 
Chapman College • Orange, CA 92666 

Hyatt Regency La Jolla 
Celebrates the class of '90 
with a $125.00 
Graduation Package 0 
June 15-17 including 
a celebration boHle 
of champagne 0 

o 

o 0 

o 
o 

o 

o o 

Tum graduation 
into a weekend 
affair with our 
Sunday Brunch 

served In Barcino 
Sunday June 17 
11 am-2pm 

5 minutes from campus 
For reservations call 

(619) 552-U34 
1-800-233-1234 

HYATT REGENCYEilLAJOLLA 
3777 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 17, 1990 

Features 

Ed Lim/Guardian 
Richard Hector helped raise funds for a friend's operaiion. 

ISTIN' 

Delt Sigs, Pi Phi's 
Bring Back Familiar 
Game For Charity 
• Story by James Collier, FeoJures Editor 

A riddle. 
What has polka dots, a plastic sheet, and friends 

crawling allover with stinky socks? The answer: Twister. 
The game you thought was only good for birthday 

parties is back. 
The Pi Beta Phi sorority and the Delta Sigma Phi 

fraternity are teaming up to present the Twister Tourna-
ment for charity. 

The groups will hold the tournament on Saturday, May 
19, at I l a.m. at the Muir Soccer Field . The tournament, 
which is open to anyone who wishes to participate, is 
sponsored by Milton Bradley and will benefit the March 
of Dimes and the Arrowmont School of Arts & Crafts. 

The groups hope to raise between $15,000 and 
$20,000, and expect a group of 3,000 people to participate 
in the event. The minimum donation to play in the event 
will be $1. 

The March of Dimes, Delta Sigma Phi's national 
charity, was founded by President Franklin D. Roosevelt 
to help combat polio and currently works to fight birth 
defects. 

Pi Beta Phi 's national charity is Arrowmont School of 
Arts & Crafts, which helps underprivileged students 
explore and appreciate their potential in the field of arts 
and crafts. 

A Little Help From His Friends 
Student 'Gives Up Ego' to Help Sick Friend 
By JAMES COLLIER 
F ealllres Editor 

For Warren senior Richard 
Hector, charity was something he 
did not think existed at UCSD. A 
group of faculty, staff, and stu-
dents proved him wrong. 

A friend of Hector's, Vemice 
Jack, recently became ill with a 
"stomach growth ... painful but not 

cancerous, but still dangerous." He 
was asked ifhe could raise part of 
the money needed for an operation 
to remove the growth. Jack, a na-
tive of the Caribbean island Ta-
bago, needed $ 1,593 in Trinidad-
Tabago dollars. She raised $1,000 
on her own. 

All that was needed was ap-
proximately $130 U.S. dollars. 

See HELPING, page 10 

'It's really nice, 
when you hear sto-
ries about how cold 
and apathetic UCSD 
is, and then people 
are so giving. , 

-Richard Hector 

Guardilln Graphic By Mel Marcelo 

Thursday, May 3, 1990 T he UCSD Guardian 

Join the Consulting Leader ... 
for a summer internship! 

ANDERSEN 
CONSULTING 

ARTHUR ANDrRS£N" co. 

Who weare. 
As the leader in information systems consulting, 
Andersen Consul/ing provides professional services to 
help organizations effectively apply technology for 
competitive advantage. By combining general 
business knowledge with information systems skills, 
we develop solutions that help clients in many 
industries manage change. 

What we look for. 
We are seeking UCSD juniors with a demonstrated 
track record of outstanding performance (3.2 CPA 
required) in the followi ng areas: 

• Engineering 
• Computer Science 

Candidates must demonstrate true ability to focus on 
objectives and be successful working in a team 
environment. Strong self-confidence and communi-
cation skills are a must. We prefer students with 
some programming experience in COBOL or C. 
Students must be interested in working in Southern 
California after graduation. Students must be U.S. 
citizens or have permanent resident status. 

What we offer. 

Senior 
Class 
Gilt 
1880 

We offer the opportunity to work with enthusiastic, 
ambitious people in a team-oriented environment. 
As a summer intern, you will work in a systems 
consulting environment with Andersen personnel 
from all levels. We provide the opportunity fo r 
hands-on experience in a client environm.ent 
working with leading-edge technologies. 

VISIT OUR BOOTH 
Sound Interesting? AT THE On campus interviews will be held Friday, May 25, 
1990. Please go to Student Employment for sign-up 
information. All students must complete, sign and 
present the Andersen ·Consulting Personal Data 
Sheet to the interviewer. We look forward to seeing 
you there! 

SUN GOD FESTIVAL 
F R E E G I F 

It took Freud 38 years to understand it __ e "",,/ ~'/U' 
You have one night. 
The psych exam is in 12 hours. And your id wants to party. Your ego 

wants to conk out. But your superego knows you need to stay awake 
tonight to cram. 
Fortunately, you've got Vivarin. It helps keep you awake and mentally 

alert for hours. Safely and conveniently. So all your brainpower can focus 
on understanding the brain. 
If Freud had used Vivarin, maybe he could have understood the bIClin 

faster, too. Revive with VIVARIN: 
I'N(J ~""Ult(j "~rnl"Ufl>n.1 't,."Pru .. 'nlt."\I h)' 1 he Kut(cr RM.hrmn A~llCy. fttov .. rl 11111 .. , C.A 

T 

9 



10 FEATURES 

The UCSD Summer Session 
first live-week session begins 
July 2 and the second five-week 
session begins August 6. 
An exciting range of courses from 
virtuallv every campus department i~ 
offered . Catalogs are available no', For 
your free copy, drop by the Summe, 
Session Office . UCSD Extension 
Complex , Building A, Monday throu9h 
Friday, 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. or phone 
534-4364. 

L.J t:::: ~ CI 
U N I VIPS I TY OF CA ll FOVN I A S AN D I EGO 

LEO ZEPPELIN 

A CLASSIC LASER·LlGHT CONCERT FEATURING MUSIC FROM THE 
FIRST FOUR LED ZEPPELIN ALBUMS 

THEATER AND SCI ENCE CENTER 

Balboa Park 
Open even ings 1001 

For show info call 238-1168 

--
i17tat #-A-~.Jl I PfiJ- ,\m.l :?.:f i I --' l, 
CHINESE STUDIES 

180 

~A~!t7-!l1R~ ~ ~ 
fo t3fr t 1, [$l~ 

-ft.::=-lf 
-iL =- Zij. 
- tr.;'b.£r 
- fi l.tij: 

- 7't~.H.~ 
-- /I- 1& I\if 
- tL1.- i} 
-jl.!J. : , ~ 
-- ;II. :>,;. * 
- 71 i 1.4 
- /t /d: .. f 

k 

--/t"" 1 

The UCSD Guardian 

TV COLLEGE 
presents 

General Biology 
Intro to Humanities 

Oceanography 
Intro to Psychology 

Real Estate Principles 
Registration Begins May 7, 1990 

Classes Begin June 25, 1990 
Available on: Dimension Cable - Channel 28 

Daniels Cablevision - Channel 35 

CALL NOW!! 
(619) 744-1150 or 727-7529 
Ext. 2431 

U C I EXT ENS ION 

If you're going to 
law school soon, 

don't rest your case now. 
Don't wait until you 're in law sctlOOl to start succeeding. You can 

get the edge ol'er other students by preparing now. The Unil'ersity of 
Californ ia, Irvine Extension offers an Intensive six-week summer 
course to help you on your way. 

LAWPREP is a rigorous course that prepares you for your 6rst 
year of law studies. The LawPrep program cOl'ers six basic topics: 
CIVIl Procedure, Criminal Law and Procedure, Contracts, Torts, Real 
Property, Constitutional Law and Legal Research. LawPrep begins 
June 26, so enroll now. 

For a free brochure on LawPrep, call UCI Extension at (714) 
856-5414 and ask for Dept. SO. Or send coupon to: UCI Extension, 
Dept SO, PO Box AZ, Irvine, CA 92716. 

o Please send me informalion on LawPrep. I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

NAME 

ADDRESS 
CI1Y 

STATE ZIP 
.. 5U90·13450 I 
- - -- - - -------- ----- - ----------------~ 

UCSD Summer Session 
has added the following courses: 
• First Session (July 2- lwgust 3) 
Economics 100A: Microeconomics 
Economics 120A: Econometrics 
Psychology 102: Intra . to Sensation and 
Perception 
Psychology 183: Infancy 

• Second Session (August 6-September 7) 
AMES 10: FORTRAN for Engineers 
For further information , phone the Summer 
Session Office at 534-4364 or 534-4365 . 

I JI ... 1 J 
c~lvl~S"~ Of (A,IIOP~ A '.AN OliGO 

Thursday, May 17, 1990 

HELPING: 
UCSD Student 
Assists Friend 
Continued from page 8 
Hector, however, did not have the 
money, and was very re luctant to 
ask others for donations. 

"A classmate, Lynn Riley, told 
me: ' Ifyou wantto help your friend, 
you ' ll have to gi ve up your ego,'" 

,In times of crisis 
people really do 
pull together. 
People can rise up 
to help others. , 

-Richard Hector 

Hector said. "That 's when J de-
cided to ask my fellow students for 
help. " 

Hector was not sure if people 
would think his efforts were hon-
est. "Why would they trust me?" 
he asked. 

He felt that way, however, "just 
for a moment , until I saw how 
eager and willing the people were. " 

Hector received help from stu-
dents and workers in O.A.S.I.S. 

"The writing director made a 
donation," he said. He also received 
as istance from the Third College 
Residential Life Staff and the 
Honors Achievement workshop. 

See HELPING, page 11 

$41'· 
SlUDINI'/JOUIII 'lOUIS 

~-Week LtningRld & 
Wo;coN Ia-ld only. 

" OCher U.S.S.R . .rd ElIstml 
ElIO\X tOllS _ililbl~ 

Galnil ....... 
UCSD Prtca C ....... 

II1II ......... OIICII 

451·0630 

Thursday, May 17, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

HELPING 
Continued from page 10 

Hector said students in two 
classes, Cognitive Sc ience 1078 
and IOSC, were "very helpful" to 
his cause. 

"I made an announcement in 
class, and boom, they gave me 
money," he said. 

"It's really nice, when you hear 
stories about how cold and apa-
thetic UCSD is, and then people 
are so giving." Hector said. "The 
major lesson that I learned is that 
it' s OK to reach out. 

"In times of crisis people really 
do pull together," Hector added. 
" People can rise up to help others." 

Hector was able to raise $265 
for his friend, and "with the ex-
change rate she' ll have about 
$1 ,200 [in Triniadad-Tabago dol-
lar ]." 

FEATURES 11 

___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

7D4f'5 Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively W.J and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
~ ... -...... --, ... -,----

'Must present coupon and valid UCSD ID at time of estlmafe. 
Not valid with najor engine or transm lssio~ repairs. 

r;=' ~ALL aBC ~ 1450 94941 ; .. "~.,, 
~OIIOrtW 1l1'l'(:' 

_.-

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If Thev Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Richard Hector: MIt's OK to reach out. .. 

With the check he sent his friend 
on May IS , "she' ll have extra 
money afterwards to [recuperate] ," 
he said. "And anybody from UCSD 
will have a place to stay in Ta-
bago." = 

J 5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 
-- -

Now. More affordable than ever. 
University Bookstore Computer Center 
Apple Days Sale May 1-31,1990 

Mac: Uex with 40Mb bard drfYe--

$3407 
A 2% discount will be 

given for cash purchases. 

......... 

Monitors 
M--"-' $270 

Color $678 

~ 40Mb bard drive-

$2178 

Mac: Ud with 40Mb IuIrd drive" 

$4427 

Printers 
'-Wriler IISC $183S· 

~W"""IINT$30SS·· 

Keyboards 
Apple ateadtd keJbowd $158 
,~< .. ,. '. : .. ~ ' .. : ....... ,. .:'>: 

;~ i;~~' . ~:.' :' '~ .'~ , ~;~:J ... ,;.:~ 
. , " ... ' 

'-"-'8E._ ... _ ....... 
........... -...... 

For additional information call S34-4291. 
Pricea eft'ecUYe May 1-3\ only. PI_ refer 10 etipbility requiremenIa. 

mail services 
etal 

Mail box rentals, FAX, 
UPS, stamps, business 
cards, word processing, 
money orders and more! 

Mon.-Fri. 7094 Miramar Rd. 
~ Sm. 121 
Saturdays 689-8182 
10-2 r-------, I SO¢ OFF I 

any I UPS, FAX, or typing services I 
L Exp ..... 6I3119O • 
------_ .. 

kinkolJ' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Ville Le Jolla Dr. 

fuM lit ..................... $22 (rtg. $30) 
FIlII .......................... $12 (rtg. $15) 
Manlcure/plcllcure .. $18 (rtg. $22) 
French Manicure ..... $8 ( .... $10) 
,---------, 

I $1 I 
I any nail repair I 
L ~ 3 ~~ reg. $31* nIiI~ .J 

First·time clients only • EJIjIiw 7/1/90 
In Pacific: Plaza next to Vons 

1724 Gamel, Pacific Beach • 210-4872 



II' 

12 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Classified advertising Is sold In 15· 
word Increments. The rate per 1 5 words 
Is S1 lor students (personal use only), 
$3 lor faculty, stafl, and organizations, 
and $4 lor others. Payment In advance 
la required; therefore, ad. muat be 
mailed with a check (made payable to 
The UCSD Guardian) or presented In 
person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday 
lor Monday's paper and 3 p.rn. Monday 
lor Thursday's paper. The Guardian 
reservas the right to refuse any 
advertising Including but not limited to 
companionship ads . For more 
Information call 534·5416 . The 
Guardian, UCSD, e-016, La Joffa, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Cen ters provides warmth, 
education, prayer, SOCIalizing. Connect 
with Un ion of Jewish Students l 502 
Matthews; east of the Price Center. Call 
Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521. (412-617) 

Scholarships/Grants for college area 
available. Millions go unclaimed yearly_ 
Caill-SOO-334-3881. (4/12-617) 

Writing help! Professional. private, meet 
your deadline, your convenience, money 
back guarantee_ Jim 481·1810. (4/12·617) 

Hey all you fruits! Try out to be the 1990 
Watermelon Queen on May 23rd. $100 
prize to winner_ Get application (due May 
21 st) at Revelle Provost's office. (517-
5/17) 

UCSD POLICE AUCTION. Saturday May 
19th 10:00 a.m. Pre·auction viewing 9:00 
a.m. Storage facility 4051 Old Miramar 
Rd. 1 block west of Regents · Old Miramar. 
Bicycles, watches, books, and much morel 
$1 .00 Refundable bidder deposit required. 
Cash or check only. Info? Call 534-4358 
. (517·5/17) 

II's Time to Get Dirty! Third College 
Residence Hall Council presents the 4th 
Annual Mud Volleyball Tournament. May 
20th 6· 10 players per team. $10.00 pre 
team. Sign up forms at your Residential 
Life Office. T·shirts. prizes. KSDT music. 
Sponsored by Third College RHC, ICRHA, 
Momentum Sportswear and VolleyWorId. 
Don·t miss iii (5/10·5117) 

Graduate Seminar on Gender Issues. 
Saturday, May 19! International Center. 9 
a.m .• Noon . Refreshmentsll unch 
provided. RSVP x43436. (5110·5/17) 

SUNGOD FESTIVAL THIS FRIDAY! 
Come 'Express Yourself"1 Carnival during 
day on SunGod lawn, concert at night at 
Price Center Plaza I (5/14-5/17) 

Grad-Nite Party at Vic's 7825 Fay Ave. 
Champagne + Drink specials $3/grads, 
$5/0ther. 9-2a.m. Deejay. (5117) 

Models (females) wanted for model search 
'90 contest. Winner will receive a free 
professional modeling portfolio. Small 
registration fee. Call Lisa Studio 51 #484-
8863_ (5/17) 

U.N.S.A.F.E. P.R.E.S. entrepreneurs 
organizations - meeting Wed. 5/1 66 p.m_ 
Price Center Ballroom. MarceIl0279-9217. 
Randy 755·3845. (5117) 

UC Systemwide 

Legal Assistant 
. Training 

Through University Extension 
The role of the legal assistant has nsen to a 
new level of importance m recent years and is 
projected to be the fastest growing profeSSion 
of the 1990s. It has emerged as a field of un-
limited opportumlies and is ideal for two· to 
four·year college graduates Employment may 
be found not only m the traditional law firm. 
but in government, corporatIOns, banking, . 
and other organizations-the list continues to 
expand Many who have worked as legal as· 
slstants have even gone on to law school. 
UC students may not be aware that Umverslty 
ExtenSIOn offers both daytime and evening 
Legal Assistant Traming Programs on most of 
the UC campuses. 

• UC San Diego 
day and evenmg programs-
619/534 ·6353 

• UC RiverSide 
evenmg program-714nS7·4111 

• UC Irvine 

• UCLA 
evenmg program-714/856·7148 

day and evenmg programs-
213/825-0741 cre(M not translerable 

• UC Santa Barbara 
evening program- 805/961 ·4143 

• UC Santa Cruz 
evening program-408/429-2688 

• UC Davis 
evening program- 916/752· 7554 

These programs are avaIlable to you m your home town 
or the campus you attend The evenmg courses are 
transferable and may be applred 10 any of the UC 
EKtensl()(1 programs For more ,nformatron phone the 
campus number most convement 10 you 

AKPsl Presents Coins Across UCSD. 
Show support for San Diego's Homeless. 
May 23_ (5/ 17·5121) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-I 500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts_ (6 I 9) 558-4644. (61 9) 226· 
1 962_ (4130·6/7) 

PAPERS TYPEDI Quick & affordable! $21 
typed double-spaced page. Call LJ Colony 
Resumes & Professional Typing Services, 
455-8357. One-day service available. 
Laser Printing I Choice of 35 1ypestylesl 
(412-617) 

Rent·a·braln 24-hr. writing tutor; 
outstanding A -student UC grad save this 
numberl Make deadlines Jim 481-1810 
.(4/12-617) 

TYPING -theses, term, Ph_Os, Legal. All 
formats. RUSH JOBS. MARIE 931 ·9596 
(4/12·617) 

Surfing - finally do it, fun , safe, 20 years 
experienced lifeguard , water safety 
instructor 48,.,810. (4112·6/7) 

PROFESSIONAL WORD PROCESSING 
- $1 .501pg. Resumes, Papers, Theses· 
Laser APA Format, Next Day delivery_ 
439-9317, 297·8291. (4123-5117) 

WORD PROCESSING, term papers, 
experienced dissertations , 7 days a week, 
4.0 English Skills, references 755·2683. 
(4126-617) 

WORD PROCESSING - Student papers 
and resumes. Laser printing_ Fast and 
reasonable. Call1npuVOutput. 535·3010. 
(4130-6/7) 

Word Processing - any size. pick up & 
deliv9!Y. Fast tumaround . Call Sandy 
755-4316. (4130-617) 

Macfntosh Repair - upgrades: 
Component level repair. FREE estimates. 
Weekend Service. (Mac 128/5121Plus 
Power $89). Memory upgrades ALL Macs 
(Mac 1281512 to Plus starts @ $210) . 
Pick-uplDelivery. 456-5916. Compufix. 
(513-617) 

TYPINGII I'll type your term papers etc_ 
quickly and inexpensively_ Laser printer. 
Call Jennifer: 558-6090. (513-5131 ) 

Pregnant? Confused? Consider open 
adoption. All the choices are yours. Free 
confidential counseling available. 24 hour 
pregnancy hotline. Call to reach someone 
who cares about you. 279·38 I 1. (5/ 10· 
5121) 

ALLERGIES? Asthma, hay fever, 
atopicdermititis? Free physician's exam 
and medication for very long term relief . 
New, sale, FDA approved test. Small 
compensation . Short test. Phone 277· 
2740. (5110,5129) 

Want a job? We make your resume so 
great they can 't resist hiring you. Call 278· 
8416. (5114-513 I ) 

Word Processing Services. Papers, 
theses, resumes, Call 566-9096. (5114· 
5/17) 

Tennis Instruction : Precise, individually' 
tailored methods foreNicient, rapid results. 
20 years teaching pro. 223·3928. (5114· 
5/17) 

SUNGOD FESTIVAL THIS FRIDAYII 
Come "express yourse lf"1 Carnival during 
day on SunGod lawn, concert at night at 
Price Center Plaza I (5/14-5/ 17) 

Typing/Word Processing : Academic 
manuscripts, papers, theses, letters, 
resumes. Fast Service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (5/17-5131) 

TypingIWord Processing pick-up and 
delivery available. Fast S9fVice, low rates. 
Call Rita 931-7857. (5/17-5/21) 

TypinglWord Processing. Term papers, 
manuscripts. Reasonabll!. Call Carol. 294-
7172. Campus drop-off/pickup. (5117-
5121 ) 

WORD PROCESSING, EDITING. $2/ 
page, free pickup & delivery. 7dayS/week_ 
Irma 453-6282. (5/17) 

DYNAMIC BELL YDANCING DUOI 
available for special events: call Jaydeeha 
and Thea 558-0938_ (5/17-617) 

WANTED 

Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted 'or a study 
on the effects of alcohol. If you are a 
UCSD student or non-academic staff, 
American born male 0' entirely Japanese, 
Chinese, or Korean descent, call Scripps 
Clinic and Research Foundation for more 
information, 554·2192. (412-6/7) 

UNHAPPY? FREE research studies 
evaluating medications are available to 
people suffering from depression. 
Symptoms include sadness, fatigue, gUilt, 
loss of Interest in daily activities. and 
difficulties sleeping, eating, and 
concentrating . Suitable volunteers receive 
free medications, lab tests, physicals and 
psychiatric evaluation. 18 or older. Free 
studies also available for panic. Call The 
Feighner Research Institute at 464-4300 
Monday · Friday 1 0 a.m.- 4 p.m.(4126-617) 

Housecleaners, window washers, $7·$141 
hr. 8·25 hour week, flex , punctual , 
professional, reliable car, must have some 
experience, must work through summer, 
good references_ 259-8731/ M-F 12p_m· 
5p.m. leave message_ (4126-6/7) 

TENNIS INSTRUCTORS for 
summercamp in Big Bear, summer '90. 
Salary + rm & board. Please contact Eric 
Quaide (714) 786·3000. (4/30-5117) 

We are looking for models interested in 
'ree haircuts and consultations_ Please 
call 488·8700. (4130·5/31) 

SUMMER WORK $9.85 to start. National 
Retail chain filling 19 openlngs in San 
Diego county. No experience required_ 
Scholarships available. No door to door or 
phone sales involved_ Must apply now, 
may start after finals_ Call 9-5 p.m_ 
Clairemont483-4055, Encinhas436-8634. 
(5/7-617) 

Students interested in sharing local , 
SECURE storage unit and expenses for 
entire summer only (I.e_ June-September) 
Need 8·1 0 to do so_ Serious respondents 
only: Bobby: 452-1 479 for details. (5/7-
5121) 

Make $ andlor Lose Weight all at once. 
It's easy, it 's fun l GREAT job that can last 
for as long as you wish. Have any 
QUESTIONS? Call Marla 587·0422. 
(5/10-5117) 

ACUPUNCTURE.ACUPRESSURE.HERBOLOGY 
Prevent unnecessary surgeries 

Avoid taking drugs 
Restore Health & Vitality 

pain addictions 
asthma 
PMS 
mlgranes 

stress relier 
ratlgue 
sports injury 

Most UCSD Insurance Acceptable 
(clole proxbnity to UCSD) 
(619) 275-3851 

Dr. of Oriental Medicine. P. Margaret Wells 

Thursday, May 17, 1990 

Broken Macintosh equfpment wanted 
for CE student. Wi lling to negotiate a 
trade. Call 535-0930_ (513-617) 
85 people seriously in terested in losing 
weight. Summer is coming II Act nowl! 
Lynn 279·4265. (5/7·5121) 

-'---'----

Earn $500 . 52000 part-time, per monthl 
WOfkyourown hoursl Need energeticpeoplel 
phone 224-8529. (5114-617) 
Are you looking for a job that will pay for your 
room without leaving you bored?1 VOTER 
REVOlT. Callfomla's largest public interest 
organization . is now hiring campaign staff to 
wol1< on the most sweeping insurance reform 
since Prop_ 103. Salaried positions. No 
experience necessary . Training provided. Ad-
vancement opportunities. $225-4001wk_ on 
campus Interviews 5117, 5124, 5125 Call (61 9) 
299-0540. (5114-5124) 
NER TAMID, a conservative synagogue in 
Rancho Bernardo needs teachers for Its 
afternoon and Sunday religious school_ Send 
resume 16981 ViaTazon , Su~eG . SanOiego, 
92127. ATTN: Ina Levin. 
(5117-5121 ) 
BUSINESS/MARKETING STUDENT 
FLUENT IN JAPANESE LANGUAGEI 
CUSTOMS. Assistant for real estate projec1 
with potential careerfuture. Call lor interview. 
Ms. Sarko 456-5599. (5117·5121) 
SUMMER JOBS TO SAVE ENVIRONMENT 
- EARN $2500-$3500. National campaign 
poSitions to pass Clean Air Act. stop toxic 
pollution, tighten pesticide controls & promote 
comprehensive recycling. Available in 18 
states & D.C. Intvws on campus 5130& 513t . 
Call Kate toll-free at 1-800-75-EARTH. (SI 
17-617) 
Models (females) wanted for model search 
'90 contest. winner will receive a free 
professional modeHng portfolio. Small 
registration fee. Call Lisa Studio 51 11484-
8863. (5117) 
Child Care: 4 days per week. 7:20 -8:30 a.m. 
$25tvveek. Assist w/dressing. breakfast. drive 
to school. Must have car. 48t-5390after6:30 
p.m. (5It7) 
MAKE EVERY DAY EARTH DAY. Summer 
campaigns lor the environment. Eam $2500-
$3500. Help pass the Clean Air Act. tighten 
pesticide controls, promote comprehensive 
recycling. Wol1< available 18 states. Kate 
800-75-EARTH. (5117-617) 

FOR SALE 
A futon & frame unused $95.00 Can 
deliver. 268-0814 (4/30·5/31) 

Surfboard, 7'2", good condition , excellent 
learning board, must sell, cheap, on 
campus, call 558-1294, (Gene). (5/3-
5/17) 

1976 BMW 2002, incredible condition , 
drives beautifully. like new. Must see, best 
offer. 792-1698. (5/1 4·5/17) 

SUrlboards :6'3' Nev, 6'3" Griffin thrusters. 
Excellent condo $170 each . 6'1" Rusty 
$130. Call 454-5996. (5114-5121) 

Wetsult , andspringsuit + booties all O'Neill. 
$95, $65, and $10. All in great shape. 
452·9819. (5/ 14-5121 ) 

Surfboard, 6'4" Beenjammin. Like new, 
$170.00 Call Dave 452·9819. (5/14-5/17) 

For sale: Ski's and poles; Centurian 1 ().. 
speed (needs 2 new tires). Robin 558-
1725. (5114-5/17) 

HOUSE 
FOR SALE RENT 

La Jolls Wood, 
1 m'.1OUth of csmpul 

next to YllCAI 
Single-level home on a comer lot, 
beautiful private garden, 3· 
bedroom, 21!.?bath , with den. 
Great pride of ownership makes 
this home a pleasure to show_ 
Pool, tennis, lovely grounds, wail< 
to campus_ Rent $2,.00Im0nth, 
Sale for $559,000. Call Dr. Moss 
at .52·17~, evenings 457--4809, 

Thursday, May 17, 1990 

Aldus free hand V.2.0 for Macintosh. Never 
opened. Cost $375, sell $300/0 .b.o. 
Michelle 535-8230_ (5/1 4-5129) 

For sale: Beer neon sign. (Mlchelob Dry) 
$80.00 Call 457·3681 (5/ 14-5121) 

Blue Women's bicycle 12 speed new 26" 
$175.00 534-2410 Days, 453 -6164 
evenings. Ask for Ted. (5114-5117) 

Selling : Sharp CD player, $80 , 
Commodore-64 disk drive, Star NX-l0 
printer, software - make offer - Matthew 
792·9573. (5/14·5121) 

Futon and 4-position wooden frame, brand 
new $98 _00 Delivery available . ans. 
machine $35.00 298-8768. (5114-5/17) 

Scale · Ohaus Triple· Beam dial accurate 
to .01 gram. Mint condo $100.00 (619) 
295-3539. (5/14-5/17) 

2 beds (with Danish Oak frame) $50.00 
each. 1 coffee table $30.00 452·6782. 
(5/14·5/17) 

Toyota Corolla SR5 Liftback, 1978, 5 
speed, AlC , P/B, AM·FM stereo . In 
excellent condition. $l,SOO o.b.o. Betsy 
558-7032_ (5114-5117) 

Guitar custom ovation electric acoustic, 
perfactcondition, w/case. $600 o.b.o. Dina 
458-I 638_ (5/14-5117) 

Bridgestone Desert Dueler Tires (4) 33xl 2 
5R15LT: $100_00; White Canvas Top for 
Suzuki Samurai w/ frame (used 1 week) 
$75.00; Samurai Bra (Black/Red) $50.00 ; 
Samurai Visors & rearvlew mirror $25.00. 
543-3725 (5114-5129) 

Toyota Corolla FX, 1987. 3-door, auto, AI 
C, PIS, PIB, AM·FM. Excellent. Must sell. 
asking $5000. 558·0547_ (5117·5124) 

K2 TRC 195 Skis. Marker M46R binding. 
$3SO. Like new, used twice lighUy_ Oakley 
Razor blades, orange uridium and amber 
lens, $100_ Simon 558·7005. (5117-5124) 

ATTENTION : GOVERNMENT SEIZED 
VEHICLES from $100_ Fords, Mercedes, 
COIVettes, Chevys. Surplus Buyers Guide. 
1·602-838·8885 Ext. A·18113. (5121) 

Fender P·Bass $290_ lbamez Roadstar 
$190. Yamaha Acoustic90,Yamaha TX50 
Amp $ISO. All with cases. Must see, 
excellent condition. All played by Eddie 
Van Halenll Call Bobby 455-0704. (5/17· 
5121) 

AMC 1973, 64K miles, new transmission 
w/paperwork, new paint, very reliable. 
$1850 o.b.o. 558-2166. (5117) 

Wagner Paint sprayer, like new unique 
opportunity to make money $450 o.b.o. 
755-5128 Phil (5117-5122) 

Bowie - ONE ticket for sale 18th row, 
Dodger Stadium, May 26. Paid $ISO.00, 
asking for $100.00 o.b.o. Contact Marian 
at 452 -3055. (5/ 17-5121) 

Twin size mattress, box spring , and frame. 
$SO or negotiable. Very good conditions. 
Call William at 534-0797 or 457·7872. 
(5/17) 

Beautiful home for renVsale l Walking 
distance to UCSD campus. See display 
ad below for details or call Dr. Moss at 
452-1734, (eves. 457·4809). (5/17-5121) 

Waterbed frame, mirrored headboard, 
padding, 12 drawers, excellent condition, 
$1 00.00 Indyra TueslThurs 10-3 p.m. 534-
0829. (5117·617) 

HOUSING 
Quiet, clean, non-smoking 38 Yr. old 
female needs housing from 6-2()"90 to 6-
91 while doing internship In LaJotIL Vera 
916-894-7128. P.O. Box 1594, ChIco, CA 
95927. Message 916-343·3290. (513-5121) 

LJ Condo to share wlfemale 2BR, bI·level, 
security, garage, tennis, pool, all amenities, 
walk to UCSD/all shopping_ Non-smoking 
$437.50 + 112 utilities, available June 
458-9168_ (517-6/7) 

3 bdrm condo, 2 single, I Master Bdrm to 
share, 2 bath, pool, jacuzzi, security, 
washer/dryer, dishwasher, single 3501mo, 
1/4 utilities, 1 st last. Double 300Imo, 1/4 
utilities, 1/4 utilities, 1 st and Last. Call 
Mike 450·1910. (5/10·5129) 

Wanted · Two people male and/or female 
share master bedroom. Own bath , balcony 
furnished condo (except bedroom) near 
Vons. Move in after final s $250 eaCh. 1/4 
utilities. HeatherINatalie 558·2374. (5/ 14· 
5/24) 

Del Mar • non·smoker student! 
professional wanted to share beautiful 
townhouse. All conveniences. 10 min . 
UCSD. Matthew 755-6632. (5/7-5117) 

Room , Board , salary, for evening , 
weekend child care (Boy, 9) Female 
nonsmoker. Del Mar. 481-6115. (5/1 0· 
5121) 

Available 6/20. Own room. Non smoker, 
male, near UCSD, Vons, UTC. $300. 587· 
2154 Tom (5/14-5/17) 

Female roommate wanted forthesummer . 
New condo, furnished. $300 ·113 utilities. 
Call 558· nl 6. (5114-5117) 

Roommate/s needed: Available 6/14-9/1. 
Own room and bath at La Jolla Point Apts. 
near UTC. $415 single + 112 utilities or 
$267.50 double + 1/3 utilities each. 
Michelle 535-8230. (5/14-5121) 

Female to share room on Villa La Jolla 
Drive $212.50/month no smoking, busy 
atmosphere. 558·1725. (5114·5/17) 

Huge rooms for summerl No security 
deposit and 112 month rent freel 5 min. 
from campus . 2 previously installed 
roomies. Don't pass this one upl Call 
Stuart or Jeff 558-1928. (5/14-5117) 

Two rooms available June 1 $3~5Each + 
1/3 utilities. Between Vons and Big Bear_ 
Janet 546-1309. (5114-5124) 

Roommate wanted : nonsmoking, mature 
female . Mira Mesa condo own bedroom! 
bath S3OO. Share utilities. 689-8755. 
(5114-5/17) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Across street from UCSD. Master 
bedroom for 2, own bath_ Summer only, 
John, Paul 546-9304. (5/14-5/17) 

4 bdrm. 2 1/2 bath . Townhouse on 
Genesee 5 min . walk to UCSD. Pool , 
sauna, other amenities. Open June 18. 
Call Roy 558-6450. (5/17) 

Summerroom sublet, cwn bath, lurnlshed, 
poolfJacuzzi, garage. 1 or 2 females 
$490.00/mo. Evenings: 535-0352. (5/17-
5124) 

TO ARMS I TO ARMSI The giant chickens 
are coming I Own room, 462Ba Claire mont 
house. Backyard, garage, cat ok. $227.78 
+ 1/5 utils_ 571 ·0649. Live with us or we 'll 
eat a bug. (5/17·5121) 

Non -smoking student live-i n light 
housekeeping/some cooking _ Career 
mom wl2 kids (3 & 6) needs organized, 
reliable, good natured person who loves 
kids, car and references necessary. 454-
6634. (5117·5121) 

PAID ON CAMPUS HOUSING_ for '90· 
'91 school year in return for helping 
disabled studenf with personal care. 2·5 
hours/day. Some assisted lifting. Female, 
nonsmoker. Julie 458-9748_ Apply NOW. 
(5117-5124) 

Oceanfront condo I 2 bedroom 2 bath, 
Jacuzzi, sleeps 3·4, $1200.00 483-9516, 
Leave message, Malt. (5/17-617) 

S2OOImo_ summer sublet. Room in 2 br 
appl_ 5 mins. from campus. 452-3768_ 
(5117·6/4) 

Looking for fr iendly, responsible female 
roommate. Own room 325 + 1/3 utilities. 
Last month's rent plus $166.66 deposit. 
Easlgate/La Jolla. Available now. 453-
6926. (5/17-5124) 

Summer schoolers: $300 own room 
available for July, furnished, female 
nonsmoker, UTC area Call 458-9145. (51 
17-5121 ) 

Beautiful home for rent/sale! Walking 
distance to UCSD campus. See display 
ad below for details or call Or. Moss at 
452·1734, (eves. 457-4809). (5/17-5121) 

LOST AND FOUND 
PLEASE call Sascha (558-8092) if you 
find my Anthropology 1 18 final paper_ $20 
REWARD II No questions asked. (5/10-
5124) 

Lost: Dark Brown prescription RayBan 
sunglasses. Reward : another pair of 
RayBans, w/o prescription_ Call Cathi 558-
7442. I need to see_ (5/17) 

PERSONALS 
Summer is almost here, so don't miss out 
on the final big bash of spring. SPRING 
FLING '90 • the Warren College Semi-
formal, May 25th at the Faculty Club. 
(5/1 ()"5121) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

SUNGOD FESTIVAL THIS FRIDAYI 
Come "express yourself"1 Carnival during 
day on SunGod lawn, concert at night at 
Price Center Plaza I (Sit 4-5/17) 

UCSD VICIOUS NOVIES Congratulations 
on being the 5th ranked Novice Crew on 
the West Coastl More importantly , 
congratulations on a Novice season well 
done. Your spirit and dedication have 
added much to the program and I thank 
you for sharing It with me. Thank you for 
showing me crew beyond Davis; In my 
heart, I'll always know where that ' S" 
goes! Good luck at PCRC's; there's no 
doubt who I'll be rooting for - Vicious is 
where it's at ll RYBO, Love Coach. (Sit 7) 

Good luck at PCRCs Women's Crewl! 
Stroke it long and hard, Lis, Heidi, Melissa, 
Heather, Anne, Mel, MA, Megan, and 
GOOron. Row through it Deb, Vi/ginia, 
Corby, Heather. and lIana_ Get Vicious 
Heather, Wendy, Emily, Amy, Hilary, Erica, 
Kim, Erin, and Megan. Love ya Jack, 
Robin, and Duke! (5/17) 

The OASIS Language Program is now 
accepting applications for tutors of Spanish 
and French. GPA of 3.0+ required. For 
more information call : 534-2284. (5117) 

Delta Sigma Phi l Saturday'S ' Prom Night" 
was the best ever l Thanks for a great 
exchange - KKG. (5/17) 

MASOCHISTIC CREWlllet's go row 'em 
(lut of the H201 A little respect please. _ . 
AND .. _ a little privacy while you gamut. 
PCRC and Sacramento - WATCH OUTI· 
your newest Di. (5/17) 

you a grea pace 
come own r graduation. " 

Quilt • ReI,.lnt • Seclud.d 
lot only will your visitors 
anioy our incratl'lIla location 
they'll appradate our 
special UCSD discounts too. 
• Just minutes from U(SD 
• (ove Beach and Underwater Aquatic Park 
• Scripps Pork and Children 's Cove 
• Jacuzzi/Spa and Heated Pool 
• Bicycling & Jogging - Nearby Tennis & Golf 
• Ocean Front Balconies 

• Rooftop Sun Decks and Solarium 
• Executive Meeting Facilities 
• Kitchens in All Studios and Suites 
• A((ommodations for Children and Infonts 
• Free Parking and Car Rental 
• Airport Transportation 
• Adjacent to la Jolla 's "Restaurant Row: 

Shopping District and Museums 
• Discounts for long Stays 
• Only Minutes From Downtown San Diego ond 

Major Attractions 
TOLL-FREE RESERVATIONS (800) 248-COVE 
1155 Coast Boulevard, La Jolla, CA 92037 
(619) 459-2621 • FAX: (619) 454-3522 • TELEX: 3715619 • TOO: (800) TOO-2621 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Sports 
MEN'S AND WOMEN'S TENNIS NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS 

UPSET Top-ranked Women's Tennis Edged in Quest 
for First Back-to-Back 
Titles in Excruciating 

-

Fashion to Number Two 
Gustavus Adolphus 

Guardian File Photo 
Christine Behrens, who split her two matches, and the Tritons extended themselves, but couldn't quite stretch for the title. 

Women Push It 
To the Limit in 
National Final 
By DANA CHAIKEN 
Spores Editor 

It's an odd kind of thing. Literally. 
For the third time in an even-numbered 

year, the UCSD women's tennis team failed to 
defend the national title it won in the previous 
odd-numbered year. 

While the Tritons did not qualify as a team 
in 1986, and managed only a semi-final loss in 
1988, this year's group came about as close to 
a repeat as possible. 

The match, between top-seeded UCSD and 
number two Gustavus Adolphus (MN) at 
Trenton, NI, featured five three-set contests, 
and two that went 7-5, 7-5. 

See W, TENNIS, page IS 

TENNIS RESUL TS 
WOllEN'S TENNIS DM9ION II NATIONAl 

CHAMPKlNSItIPS ... T TRENTON, NEW JEllSEY 

o.t. Opponont Score 

Monday d, S,I Thomas (MN> 9-0 

T..-sday d. University or lI1e SouIh 8·1 

Wednesday d. by Gustavus Adolphus 5-4 

~1 •• IIATat-INDMDUAL"""18 

Ch~sline Bohr. d. Amy McCree 6-3, H , 6 ' 4 
Robyn lnaba Mary Sulhertand 6-4, 5-7, 6-1 
Susan Carney d. Nikki LaVoi 7-5.6-2 
Amanda Lyncl1 I. Sheryl Rosselh 7-5, 7·5 
Pam Haas I. Molly Mc:Cormid< 7·5. 7·5 
Kristen Oiels I. HeidiRoslberg 6-3, 6-4 
BehrenslCamey I. McCrear.:uthertand 4-6, e-1 , 6-0 
InabaiJ. Whelen d. LeVoVJuie Ring 2~. 6·2.6·3 
LynchlOiels I McCormlc:klRoSlberg 4-6. H , 7·6 

liEN'S TENNIS DIVISION .. NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS 
AT SWARTHIIIOIIE, PEHNSYlVANA 

0.1. Opponent Scor. 

Sunday d. by DePauw 5-1 

Monday d. 51. John's 5-4 

Tu.aoy d. by GUSlavus AdoIphu. 5-1 

Ninth-ranked Golf Selected for 
22-team National Tournament 
ByPETERKO 
Associate Sports Editor 

Don ' t look now, but Gustavus Adolphus is 
loose again. 

After watching both UCSD tennis teams 
wither at the hands of Gustavus Adolphus, the 
UCSD golf team will head off to the Indian 
Mound Golf Course on Jekyll Island , dA this 
weekend, where the fourth-ranked Golden 
Gusties will be among the leading contenders 
for the Division 111 national title. 

In addition to the Gusties, the ninth-ranked 
Tri tons will tee off against host Emory, top seed 
Methodist (NC), second seed Ohio Wesleyan, 

third seed Skidmore and local nemesis Cal 
State San Bernardino, seeded fifth. 

And, for the first time in nearly 15 years, 
there is no clear favori te. 

Cal State Stanislaus, national champion 12 
of the last 15 years, has moved up to Division 
II. 

Finally. 
The Triton will be paced by All-American 

candidate DevIII Thomas, who led the team 
with a 75.5 stroke average for the year. 

The five man scoring group will be rounded 
out by Bob Knee, Bobby Myerson, Mike Rein-
hardt, and Matt Stottern, who nosed out 
Campbell Waldrop for the fifth slol. 

Men Manage 
Just One Win 
In Tournament 
ByDANACHAlKEN 
Sports Editor 

While the UCSD women's tennis team 
can't seem to capture the national title in even 
years, the men ' s team can't even get itself 
into a position to win anything but the conso-
lation title. 

After dropping their first-round match on 
Sunday, 5-4 to DePauw at Swanhmore, PA, 
the eighth-seeded Tritons (13-12) landed in 
the consolation bracket for the third consecu-
tive season. 

UCSD bounced back on Monday with a 5-
4 edging of St. John's (MN). 

Tuesday UCSD had a chance to win its 
See M. TENNIS, page 15 

Rim .. UqlrlslGuord/an 
Devin Thomas has a 75.5 stroke average. 

Thursday, May 17, 1990 

Second 
Time Not 
Charm for 
Baseball 
No, 9 Tritons Out of 
Regionals When 
NCAA Takes CSUSB 
and No. 28 Claremont 
By PETER KO 
Associate Sports Editor 

It was just too much to expect 
two years in a row. 

One year ago, the NCAA Se-
lection Committee overturned the 
Regional Selection Committee's 
recommendations for the Division 
ill baseball West Regional Cham-
pionships and chose UCSD any-
way. 

This year, it did not. 
Late Sunday night, Head Coach 

Lyle Yates was officially informed 
that the Tritons would not be par-
ticipating in this year's baseball 
playoffs. 

Instead, Cal State San Bernar-
dino and Claremont will face off 
Friday at Claremont to determine 
the West Region's lone entrant in 
the Division ill World Series. 

Yates was at a loss to explain 
why his tearn was left out. 

"It's a nine-point plan that [the 
committee] is supposed to look 
at. .. what I think got overlooked is 
depth of pitching ... and strength of 
schedule," Yates said. 

Yates also noted that it is against 
"the committee structure" for the 
committee to explain its decisions. 

They are decisions that will fire 
up some very old arguments. For 
instance, just how much should 
strength of schedule be worth? 

"I think it should be right up 
there ... otherwise, teams like Clare-
mont could schedule its games 
against teams like Cal Tech ... Cal 
Tech can't beat some high school 
teams, and [Claremont] played 
three games against them," Yates 
said. 

The Tritons finished 4-3- 1 in 
eight Division I and II games. 
Neither CSUSB or Claremont 
played more than three Division I 
or II games. 

The problem is San Bernardino 
was 25- 12 overall, and Claremont 
was 21-16, 

UCSD barely nosed above the 
.500 mark at 19- 17-2. 

Furthermore, the Tritons split 
the season series with both Clare-
mont and CSUSB. 

Another question bound to be 
asked concerns exactly what those 
season-long rankings of the teams 
are supposed to represent. 

Based on the present selections, 
not a whole lot. 

The Tritons finished the season 
ranked ninth. CSUSB was No. 20, 
while Claremont finished out of 
the top 25 at No. 28, 

" If the goal of the committee is 
See BASEBALL, page IS 

Thursday, May 17, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

w. TENNIS by their respective opponents, as the nation's top doubles tearn, 6-4, Christine Behrens and Robyn In- but got hammered 6- I and blanked 
ContinUed from page 14 aba took the bookend sets in their in the final set to hand Gustavus 

The nail-biter got whittled all number one and two matches, and Adolphus a 4-3 edge. 
the way down to the last set of the Susan Carney waltzed in two sets. First-year player Robyn Inaba 
number three doubles match, and Then the Gusties began to blow scored what amounted to half the 
that swayed in the Golden Gusties the Tritons away, sweeping the 4- Tritons' victories. 
favor by just a 7-6 count. 5-6 singles matches. In notching a 2-6, 6-2, 6-3 

The Tritons' fate fell to Amanda UCSD(16-5), which played in- comeback with senior Janet 
Lynch and Kristen Diels, the latter doors for the first time this season Whalen at the second slot, Inaba 
who lost at number six singles in due to rain, headed into the doubles denied the Gusties a premature 
straight sets earlier in the day. competition locked in a 3-3 tie match win and shifted the spot-

The pair could not quite pull off with a tearn they dusted 8-1 at light onto Lynch and Diels 
the comeback after dropping the home on March 31. After a bye as the top-seed, 
first set 6-4 and returning the favor Seniors Behrens and Carney, UCSD blanked St. Thomas (MN), 
with 6-4 win in the second. ranked second nationally in and sailed by Univerity of the South 

The top three Tritons squeaked doubles, swiped the first set against (TN) 8-1 in the semifinals. 

DIEGO OPEN 

PACIFIC BEACH 
SATURDAY & SUNDAY 

MAV 19-20 

"A~~~= THE HI L TO N U11IIIl1Jl SANCTIONED BY THE PRODUCED BV 

PRESENTED BV 

WILD 
Ha,Slyle 
Contest 
Su1. 1:00 pm 
Wn~~~ard 
o ' to~ol 

••• ", ... ..... . , •••• ,,,. FOIMOIIfNIQ (11..,... 
In associatlon with the Pacific Beach Town Council & the City of San Diego Parks and RecreatIOn Dept. 

SPORTS 15 

M. TENNIS BASEBALL 
Continued from page 14 Continued from page 14 
second consolation title - the to select the top 24 teams, and 
Tritons claimed it in 1984 - but ranked teams are staying home ... .. 

duplicated Sunday's feats with a Yates said. 
5-1 loss, The last question is should more 

Gustavus Adolphus claimed its teams from the West be selected? 
second victory over UCSD on the Overall, 24 teams are selected 
day. for the baseball playoffs. Only two 

At nearby Trenton, NJ, the of the 24 are taken from the West. 
Golden Gusties forced the Triton Yates noted that teams must 
women to settle for runner-up in stay in their native regior . 
the winners' bracket, and did the "There are only 16 Division ill 
same to the men in the consolation. teams in the West, so I guess [the 

The r.len finished 10th among NCAA) figures two is all we need," 
the 12-team field. he said. 

REDUCE YOUR 
STUDENT 
BODIES. 

r--------------------, 

2 TANS 1 
One for You, One for a 

...,.."..---".,..,.,,....,,,,,......, 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I TRIM & TAN • UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct, • 455-0909 .. I 

Pacific Beach • Mission Valley· State College' Sports Arena' EnCinitas I L ___________________ _ 
: Lose 6" Guaranteed! : 
I European Body Wrap - Only $48 I 
I Not a temporary water loss. Reduce C811u~le and stretch marks. I Call for datals , 2nd 30 Ian days $39.99 • FoHn clients Expire. tl/tl9O L ____________________ ~ 

La Jolla 
(Q)m<.e 

_-. __ _ ~~~~~1?'/ 
Open 6 days a week - Gone fishing on Sundays! 

Daily Specials 
Monday - 10% off video lr:lnsfer 
Tuesday - :Z5~ reprints 
Wednesday - 2nd set of pri nts FREE 
Thursday - 99~ 5x7's 
7523 Fay Ave. (Vons Center) 
• 459-0696 

YEARS 
A HEAD 

IlAIRCUTS ' 
by" 

W ..... $17 (reg, $25) 
... $14 (reg .. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

Perm de HaircuJ or $10 
Highlight de Haircut 

For appOl1llmenl. please call 457·293 • . 6951 J'IIIII L. Jolla Dr., 
St~. 111., LA Jolla (beiri"d £1 Tor/lo direcrly across ramp.) 

.. 



16 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 17,1990 

UC Menlo Dunks Their 
Way to Sun God Tifle 

BadMan's 
k Crowned Slam Champ 

TUBE-POLO 
PLAYOFF PREDICTIONS 

Tum/ Bee. 
Coed AM 
1 Swim Fags 5·0 
2 Deja·Yu 4·0 
3 Just Say 'Not Now' 3·2 
4 No Way Nerd 2·3 
5 The Other Team 2·2 
6 Tube Steak 2·2 

CoedAA 
1 Dan's Last Chance 5·0 
2 Taco Worshippers 5·0 
3 Treacherous Waters 4·1 
4 Babies Taste Good 3·1 
5 Slippery When Wet 3·1 

Coed A 

QlIfi Com"""t 

1·2 Havn't lost in 2 years (29 in a row) 
5-1 Lost by only 1 in the fall & talking trash 
8·1 Lol's of talent in the field, no golie 
15-1 Can Gordo carry this squad? Not likely 
20·1 May not get out of first round 
SO·1 A shadow of what this crew once was 

2·1 Survived toughest AA league withoUl a loss 
3·1 Knows how to win the tight game 
7·2 Tough road, but would not bea surprise 
5-1 Is that straight·up, or on the rocks? 
10-1 Veteran team with many weapons 

1 Splish Splash 5·0 3-1 20 ppg Ave. is second best in IM's 
2 Innerpubes 5·0 3-1 
3 Team Forteited 4·0 4-1 
4 Goldilocks Has PMS 4·0 5-1 
5 Ball Up 4-0 7·1 
6 Wet Balls Revenge 4-0 ~ 1 
7 Floating Highones 5-0 10·1 
8 & We Taste Good Too 3-215-1 
9 Royal Ugly Dudes 4·1 20·1 

22 ppg, but defense is a little SUspecl 
Great D, only allowing 5 goals per game 
She could also get a title 
Up What???? 
Only gave up 19 goals all season 
h's a unique defense, but effective 
Better than Babies? 
They aren't kidding, yuckl 

Wait a minute! 
Slam dunking in a basketball game 

at UCSD? I've seen a few basketball 
games in my time and I know that the 
slam is seen about as often as Snow 
around here. I havn't seen above-the-
rim action in San Diego since the Clip-
pers left town. So what was looking at 
on a beautiful Saturday afternoon at the 
Muir courts? I couldn·t believe my eyes 
when I saw one rim·rattling dunk after 
another. Even the little guys were bring· 
ing down the backboards. The day even 
started with (dare I say) a Slam Dunk 
Contest. 

This Sungod Basketball Tournament 
has become quite a fixture on the 
hoopsterscalendar, and no wonder. It is 
the one day when everyone can dunk, 
because the crew at the 1M Dept. lowers 
the hoops and hangs out some daYiJlow 
nets. 

The first annual Slam Dunk Contest 
saw 12 entrants show off their best aerial 
moves. Inexperience reigned, as sev· 
eral contestants didn't know what to do 
when they got up to the rim. Dave Fulmer, 
James Loggins, Pete Selleck and Chad 
Psilpoulous made it to the finals. Chad 
and Dave missed on their final efforts, 
and James withdrew after he left a finger· 
nail on the hoop, which opened the door 
for Pete. Selleck saved the best for last, 

What was that NAME? 
lilt: INTRAMURAL SPORTS TEAM BOSTER ____________ TEAM NAME: ????????111? 

Men Women_Coed __ TEAM CAPTAIN ______ _ 

EYEL OF COMPETITION: HOME PHONE: _________ _ 
DAYSfTlMES OF PLAY PREFERRED: UNIY. PHONE EXTENSION ______ _ 

"lha 's alii could think 01..."; ·t didn't know what to put....; 'Listen, pal, I dido1 see you standing in line aI attemoon .. ." 
Scund familiar? If not, you 've probably never been to an intramural team captain's meeting. It's the age-old dile~at 

to name your intramural team. What four words or less truly captures the essence of our being? 
Any team can go undefeated, win a championship, etc. BUl when the soul actually rises is when you can make the other 

leams in your league really curious about playing your team. 
Therefore. we feel it's high time we saluted the dimented minds of UCSD Intramurals. We've judged the following "Winners' 

on many criteria, the ones weighing heaviest were Originality, appearance, and of course, lip-sync. Here they are. Enjoy. 
Anal Fixation Dlvl.1on Turbo Phallus Soltball FaJoplatl Swin Team 
Sphyncter Symphony Softball Penetraling Py1hons Softball Mois! & MulliaAWrai 
80tIwMs Softball Please Shave Mike Volleyball Drunken Se<rnen 
Anal Birth Softball Frolicking ForesJ<ins Volleyball T ace Worshippers 
Sp/1yncIef Breath Soltball Stroka My Peacock Bacmnton Dead Dogs Don' Float 
Ilurfl! From the Rear Voleybalt Tur1le Pancakes Watet' Polo Innerpubes 
Ctmning From Behind Volleybal Penile Sea Pigs Watet' Polo Mr. Rogers 8crnb 
Double Enemas Water Polo MI Couldn't Make the Game, I 
MOt! walt, I pt It ... " Division Had to Go to the Clinic" DI\'/sIon 
Phi O. Pian's Tubes Water Polo Crabs Spar1icus Voleybail ? 
Sco!t Me Up Beanie Waler Polo Unknown Auids Voleybail lJecI<8(s Love PWates SoftIlaI 
Tog Billies Volleyball HIInans WIlhoIA Spleens Vohyball MeeosaiIe SeIIints Softball 
E. Rec Gym's More Fun Volleyball Kookam.Jnga PhobIa BaOninton Boogers on a lamp Soltblll 
No Brail, No Pail Volleyball Free Pap Smears SoItbaII NrrrrPr liJrnberjad<a Softball 
Cunning Runrs Hockey h fUts Wlltn I Pee SoItbaII RaIin on the RubIIer Softball 
SI1uUJe<:odI Teasers BaIt!inton Fermented Boob Juice Softball PIaIsviIe CImns Softball GokiIocks Has Pt.IS Water Polo Sexual ChocoIaIJ Soltblll 

W8ter Polo Slck_ Caribou Nocdes VoIIybaII 
~ Sodomy Cops Team Broccoli VoIIybaII E¥OIutIon of Spec ... G_ Bed Elvis' PlVlaea5 VoIIybaIf 

DIvIsIon Luke's Latex Tubes Spitz in'92 WalJrPoio BabIes T asia Good 
M\UIlt Scurtey Dogs Softball Touch My Monkey Water Polo 
v8f!1Iie Mt. Goals Softball Juan Valdez flays Baanlnton 
Aardv .... Crad<ers Soltball 

Flying over 2 teammates, legs spread, 
ball held high in one hand, he nearty 
tore down the backboard as he brought 
home the tiUe. 

Tournament play was highlited by 
one monster jam after another as 18 
teams competed for the open title. The 
#1 seed and defending champs HUTCH 
& THE HONEYMOONERS were rudely 
awakened in the first round when ONE 
SUB OR BUST handed them an early 
ticket to the losers bracket. Althat point 
it became anyone's tourney. 

Others in the hunt were TALL AND 
SMALL, OFF TO THE RACES and 
KICK IT, but it became obvious early 
that two squads were likely to rise above 
the rest. PUBLIC ENEMY has been a 
basketball institution for several years. 
They were looking to cement them· 
selves in legend with a championship in 
the Sungod, having already won the 1M 
league title this year. 

UC MENLO was the new kids on 
the block, playing together in their first 
Sungod. These intercollegiate veter· 
ans were led by former Triton great Dan 
'Scooooop' Troy who has struggled 
through many a Sungod. 

ENEMY and MENLO hooked up in 
the semi's producing a resounding 15· 
9 win for MENLO. The double elimina· 
tion format gave ENEMY a second 

---. 

--.. -
-. . 

-. chance though and they met again in 
the Title contest. The first game wentto 
ENEMY, setting up a oneiJame Cham· 
pionship. With the score lied at 13 
MENLO held the ball and was just look· 
ing to get one bucket to stay on top, but 
the rookie had other ideas. ENEMY left 
Bernie James alone althe top of the key 
as if to taunt him into shooting. The 
rookie saw nothing but the bottom of the 
pink net and drained the 2·point shol for 
the win , 15·13. 

The 'B' division final pitted AL E. 
OOP against the undefeated ANAL 
BURP. Brian Goldstine and Kevin 
Rothrock led BURP in the Title game as 
they had aft day and they squeezed by 
for the Championship. 

The women's division featured 
plenty of high·flying slam-dunking ac· 
ticn as well (8 foot hoops!! I). The final 
saw Monique Vaillancourt's SLUSHES 
squad face offwith BEGINNERS LUCK. 
Kari Young provided the crowd with 
some highl~e reel caliber jamming for 
the SLUSHES, but h was 'Bernie' Dei· 
penbrock who led them in scoring and 
10 the thle. 

The Weekend in INDOOR SOCCER 
UCID..,!IIIt .. _1IIdoor _ ....... !lilt ........... It.., 

....... - .,.. .. .,.. __ ...... _fII ................. .. 

....... fllt .... ' .... ...,.. Tllelull." g ........... .... 

..., •• III",,, ...... _ 
................ ...,......,--. .. _ ......... 

........................ ~_ ....... lIJJtfll-.tIlJIl_ 

.............. 1.' .... ,... ...... _ ........ ... 

.. lIIIIJl ............................ ....... 
........ _ .............. tIlJIllINt......., ....... 

.... 1lIIIIIIJt .................. ,.. .... _ ............ .... 
a.. ........ (_II "' ........ UCSO_ .. _ 
......... 'II' I .,tIJIIr .. ,,0 II,WIIlIIr ...... III ..... 
224 ................. ......... 

AatlJa .... , •• ,.,,, 111 ............ ' •• " ...... _ ....... 
........ - .. .,tIJa___. I I If ... tI1I3I .... "'!;,11Ia'" 
... ,....... ........... _ ....... U4...,_n ..... 
TIIIII1".,.". 0.. ......... _ ............ III ••• , ....... 11 
• .., ............... --.............. pIa .... -
....... '-. • .,II11t 

w ........................ o,.. .......... __ 
.... -...... ., ..... 

.,.. ......................... _.tIIII a .. ln d .... .. 
-. ............ -. ..... -.-.............. .... 

fIIIa_ ....... 1 .......... __ ......... _., .. ...... 
7 I 31 ..... ......... • ........ ..., ........ .... 

_l1li1l1li.. JIW.., I ............... • •• ' .4'-"'_ 
....... ..,. ......... ., .. ........ 

........" .. D eln 1' ..... _ ..... fII .......... 
tIlJIl tIIIIIIJI .................. lie C •• _ .. lflii ..... 

............ -. .. 0 '1 1 ............. ., •• 113 
........... IF II .. I' ell • \ .. 44 fIIIIiIIIL 

C1IIta S IIIF _ .. 0IIIJIIaI., ....................... . 
....... 111 ............. ., .............. _' •• 
............... 1 ...... LaIIIIr .................. .. 
., I nil 

a 51 _ ............. "tIJIIr ........ 

t AT l)~ 
MAY 17,1990 

Never Let 'Em See You Sweat 
Elayne Boosler 
gives America 
an energetic 
stand-up workout 

What would compel someone 
to voluntarily stand alone on a 
stage in Omaha, Nebraska and tell 
jokes about gun control? Elayne 
Booslerdid, saying in a recent tele-
phone interview that the only 
thing compelling her was her fer-
vent belief that she needed "to tell 
them what they know is right." 

By JULIE SHERMAN 
\ /.)+, t 'Ili,J r\\; .\,'rlr~lr 

She's definitely got the attitude 
needed to make it big as a stand-up 
comedienne. And making it big is 
just what Boosler is doing. Hailed 
as the current queen of stand-up 
comedy, she has been seen all over 
television from Showtime to "Late 
Night with David Letterman," as 
well as many television series' and 
specials. 

But don't think that she just 
magically "appeared" onto the 
comedy scene. This "twentyseven-
teen year old," as she put it, spent 
12 years perfecting her craft -
workingwhenevershecould;doing 
whatever it took to make it. Even 
befort: she became popular, it was 
her assertion "not to takeshit from 
anyone" that helped propel her to 
the top. 

Boosler says that she "left the 
University of South Florida in 1973 
because I heard waitressing call-
ing." A lifelong singer, she began 
work in a restaurant where she and 
her fellow waiters and waitresses 
serenaded their customers in be-
tween the stand-up comic shows. 
At one point, however, Boosler 
came to the startling realization 
that when it came to the jokes the 
comics were telling, she "thought 
exactly the same way about things: 
so it [her beginning as a stand-up 
comedienne) just happened!" 

Keep in mind that in the 1970s, 
stand-up comedy wasn't exactly 
like it is today, where lonely house-
wives and stressed-out executives 
decide to become trendy and 

embark on exciting new careers 
with delusions of overnight suc-
cess. "It was a lot more interesting 
then,"Booslerrecalled. "You didn't 
have people doing the same 10 
McDonalds jokes to 500 people a 
night."When Elayne Booslercame 
onto the scene, the comedy boom 
we see now hadn't even happened 
yet. It was more like a comedy 
"thump." 

Being a female in stand-up 
comedy can be especially tortu-
ous. Many women don't have the 
confidence to try it. For most who 
attempt stand-up comedy, a five 
minute routine that extracts one 
or two boos from the audience can 
feel so humiliating that it sends 
dreams of stardom into shambles. 

Then there's Elayne Boosler. 
She is what separates the amateurs 
from the profeSSionals. For her, 
"being a woman has never been a 
problem." Guts. Here they are 
again. And Boosler needed all the 
guts she could get. Why? Try fol-
lowing Richard Pryor every night 
when no one else, male or female, 
dared. 

"Oh, yes, I bombed at first," 
Booslersaid. "I wanted toquitevery 
night." However, with solid com-
edy and good friends to give her 
moral support, she didn't give up. 
Finally, one night, she killed (in 
comedy, this is the equivalent of a 
home run). Maybe that's why we 
rarely hear about winners from 
shows like "Star Search." 

"Yes, some comics off that show 
asicie from, say, Sinbad, are rela-
tively weak," Boosler sarcastically 
agreed. It's difficult to remember 
anyone from that show besides 
Sinbad. Where did the rest go? 
Some of them must have thought 
comedy was always going to be as 
easy as doing three-minute rou-
tines every week like on the show. 

The experiences (such as fol-
lowing Pryor) that Boosler had 
when she first started out benefit 
her perfonnances now. She doesn't 
kid herself with false impressions 

Music: 

of being an instant success. She 
knew it would take hard work, and 
work she did. Even the thought of 
being heckled doesn't bother her. 

"They [the audience) know I'm 
right!" she said. "They can't argue 
with me! No, I enjoy a lively audi-
ence. It keeps the show interest-
ing. I like to get in there and talk 
to them. You only get booed if you 
back down." 

You can bet she finds a hilari-
ous observation about everyone 
she comes in contact with - and 
that she's the last person to back 
down from anything or anyone. 
Only once or twice has she been 
dumbfounded for a response to a 
heckler, wondering "how they 
could come up with something so 
good." One or [Wice in 17 years-
an incredible track record. 

IIlSICle tim wpek S Issue 

loose Barbaric lovefish - they 
won't be sinking soon. P2 

Success has come gradually for 
Boosler, who started gaining more 
recognition around 1985. She 
doesn't feel like fame has been an 
intrusion in her life, but actually 
enjoys being recognized. "Now," 
she said, "instead of three people a 
week recognizing me, it's like three 
a day . But I don't think I've 
changed because of it." 

But with all the talk about how 
hard it is to succeed in stand-up 
comedy, the fact remains that 
Elayne Boosler is hilarious. "I like 
to go out on tangents," she said, "I 
write while I'm on stage. When I 
do that on a special, the directors 
are offstage pulling their hair out. 
Sometimes, they tell me I can't do 
or say what I want on stage. I say, 
oh shut up!" 

Still, her award-winning hu-

Theater: 
lomb's Players 
Ideal Husband' 

mor appeals to many, and her 50-
city tour this summer is expected 
to pack houses across the country. 
Hopefully, she'll still want to do it 
- because before she left on her 
tour, she fulfilled her lifelong dream 
of singing the National Anthem 
at a "Comic Relief" -sponsored 
Mets game. As Boosler put it, 
"Forget comedy - all I ever cared 
about was the Mets and singing 
the 'Star Spangled Banner.' If! got 
hit by a car the next day, I would 
die with a smile." Bite your tongue, 
Elayne. We're going to need you 
alive and kicking if you're going to 
make us die laughing! 

COMEDY: Elayne Boosler at the: 
California Theatre, Pri. May 25, 8 
p.rn. Tickets available at all Tick-
etMasterouciets, orean eh!lrged by 
phone, 278-TIXS. 

presents 'An 
P8 



I 
I 
I 
I 

Vomit Euphemisms 
1. Yuke 
2. Earl 
3. Drive the porcelain bus 
4. Boot camp 
5. Chunder 
6. Talk to Ralph on the big white 

telephone 
7. Buick 
8. Pray to the porcelain gods 
9 . Toss your tacos 
10. Toss your cookies 
11. Blow foam 

Party Safe - Don't Drink and Drive 
The GU6rdl6n does not condone the consumption 01 alcohol by minors. 

Reprinted with permission from The Complete Book of Beer Drinkine 
Qanru by Rand, Griscom, and Johnston. <01989. Available at bookstores or 
from Mustang Publishing, PO Box 9327, New Haven. CT 06533 ($5.95 plus 
$1.50 postage). 

Mira Me .. 7: Eclwartl. We.t Theaten 
566·1917 

Bird On A Wire Spaced Invaders 
Short Time Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 

Spaced Invaders Pretty Woman Cadillac Man 

U.lv.nlty TOWile C •• 1re 6 
452-7766 

I Love You to Death Q & A Impulse 
Daddy's Dying Bird On A Wire 

The Cook, The ThieF, His Wife & Her Lover 

La Jolla Village Theaters 
453·7831 

Tales From The Darkside 
Cadillac Man Pretty Woman 

K.n CI •• ___ 283·5909 
May 18: Attock of the Fifty Foot Woman 

May 19: The Handmaid's Tole/Clockwork Orange 
May 20: f.Aountains of the Moon/The Man Who Would Be King 

Iv • .., Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 
Rocky Horror Plcturo Show 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

11-11 Fri. & Sot. \ , 
, .. . 11 

LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd., Ste. 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

",' \ " M" ,,; ,. 
. ,p. 

'"1,7j 
U' 

. 

;-

--------------------

O F F any small, medium or large frozen yogurt 25% 
Void with ony other offer. Toppings not InclUded. Expires 5/20/90. 

I 
I 
I 
I L ____________________ ~ 

l1e Local Se 
By LIOR ROZEN MAN 
Contributing Writer 

What is shaggy, highly combustible, amphibi-
ous, has eight legs, and wears a tutu? Hint: it also 
landed at UCSD, burned down the o ld Pub and 
the new Price 

started playing clarinet, and then, when I got to 
the States, took up the guitar." 

Eventually, he wound up at UCSD. "I was into 
ne)V rock at the time, and my favorite guitarists 
were Steve Morse of the Dixie Dregs and Mike 

Mills, whose 
Center Ball-
room, and 
won first 

Loose Barbaric Lovefish open-chord sty le with 
place at the Battle of the Bands. For the benefit 
of all you land dwellers, I'm talking about the 
Loose Barbaric Lovefish. 

"We are gonna reach out and grab you," co-
lead singer and keyboardist Adam Burke de-
clared. Sent to boarding school at a young age, 
his is a sad story. Forced to play violin for six 
months as a child, he eventua lly segued into an 
instrument he actually like to play, the key-
boards. He joined his only pre-Fish group in 
1982: "I learned to play the Casio-chord on a wa-
wa pedal," he said of the experience. 

With tastes ranging from Led Zeppelin to the 
Grateful Dead andsettlingon Prince and George 
Clinton, Burke knew he wanted to play music at 
an early age. What type he did not know. Until 
he met Tom Hall. 

"We will reach out and grab you," the demon-
strative co-singer and guitarist Tom Hall said. A 
traveler, he has lived Mexico City, Brazil, and 
C hicago. It was in Brazil that he met music: "I 

REM influ-
enced me." Then he went to a TG where the 
Uptones played a strange style of music called 
funk, "which turned me on." 

Jon Ward is the bass half of rhe mighty rhythm 
section that propels rhe Fish through all kinds of 
waters. After a tortuous battle with the piano in 
third grade, "The first instrument I voluntarily 
played was the drums for a year-and-a-half. Then 
I heard Queen's 'Another One Bites the Dust,' 
and I understood the Power of the Bass." 

Musically nUitured on the early punk scene 
led by the Clash and R & B in the order of James 
Brown, it all came together for him when heard 
the Red Hot Chili Peppers. "I heard Flea (the 
bassist), and I knew I wanted to pop like a crazed 
weaseL" 

Joseph Mathew Pierre Menefield is the veteran 
musician of the group - and also its most recent 
addition. Menefield has been playing drums for 
over twenty-five years. H is first set of drums was an 
upside down pair of garbage cans which he played 

,-__________________ --, with broomhandles. At eight years of 
age, Menefield played in Christ the King, 
a church band well-known as one of the 
pioneers of rock gospel. 

Since then, he has played in num~r­
OilS jazz fusion and rock groups, with 
notable fusionists like Mike Thomas. He 
then joined Barrachio Y Loco in their 
waning months, and fi-om there dove in 
with the Fish. 

His influences range from Bob 
Cobham (of the Mahavishnu Orches-
tra) to Troy Wilham (jazz drummer) to 
John Bonham ("some group called Led 
Zeppelin") . Twenty years after Christ 
the King, Pierre is still pioneering: "We'd 
like to start a new category of music 
called Powerfunk." 

The Loose Barbaric Lovefish will wash 
ashore next at the Belly-Up on May 17, 
and at the Sun God Festival in the Price 
Center on May 18. Epidemic cases of the 
uncontrollable booty-shakin', shoulder-
quakin' disease have been know to fol-
L:-:--:-~~~-----------------J low them wherever they go, so be pre-
(/-r) Burke, Menefield, Ward, and Hall. pared. 

Di Mattia'. Pizza &: Pasta Cafe 
in Costa Verde Center. 2nd Level 
Directly across from University Towne Center 

2 HIATUS MAY 17 1990 

CALL 
455-5211 

Nitzer Ebb 
Showtime 
Warner Brothers 

Some have said that industrial 
music is the dance beat of the 
future. In the case of Nitzer Ebb, 
let us hope that this forecast is as 
accurate as the T . V. weatherman's 
predictions. 

Nitzer Ebb's attempt to dupli-
cate Depeche Mode's simplistic 
synthesizer sound fails miserably. 
Instead of creating an interesting 
beat, this "band" uses the same 
track off its drum machine over 
and over until it is necessary to pop 
a few extra strength Tylenol. 

On "Showtime," Nitzer Ebb 
plays upon the concept of a world 
that is based upon information and 
high technology. Even in their brief 
and baffling press release, they 
create a "Max Headroom" aura. 
Although it is a faSCinating point, 
Nitzer Ebb lacks the talent and 
music to progress the idea to a 
plane that its audience can access. 

There are some good points to 
the album. The background sounds 
- such as police sirens - are 
mixed in excellently with the syn-
thesizers to create a beautiful in-
dustrial sound. Even a few of the 
songs are digestable, such as 
"Nobody Knows" and "One Man's 
Burden." 

Where Nitzer Ebb fails is in its 
vocals and beat. The vocalist, 
whose name does not appear in 
either the press release or the al-
bum sleeve (a smart choice), can-
not hit any of his notes. His rough 
and scratchy voice does not work 
well with the material and at times 
is so annoying that it is necessary 
to use ear plugs or unplug the ste-
reo. 

Most industrial bands, such as 
Ministry and Skinny Puppy, rely 
on drum machines and have mas-
tered them to their fullest, but 
Nitzer Ebb sticks with one mun-
dane beat as if they had lost the 
directions. 

Song after song fails to capture 
the audience's attention. "All 
Over" and "Fun To Be Had" are 
boring and simplistic, as is the 
majority of the album. 

To satisfy industrial urges, buy 
Ministry's "A Mind Is A Terrible 
ThingTo Taste"orSkinny Puppy's 
"Rabbies." But stay away from 
"Showtime" with a vengeance. 

- Joshua Odintz 

Henry Butler 
Orleans Inspirations 
MCA/lmpulse Records 

Coming from a strong jazz 
background, keyboardist Henry 
Butler followed his gold album 
The Village with his third release, 
Orleans Inspiration . Written to get 
back to his roots in New Orleans, 
Butler surveyed the bars on Bour-
bon Street and played this live 
album with bassists Chris Severin 
and Herman Jackson, guitarist Leo 
Nocenrelli, and synthesist Michael 
Goods. 

Orleans Inspiration is an excit-
ing musical entourage combining 
jazz, blues, and gospel. In the title 
track and "Tipitina's," Butler at-
tempts to test his ivories in mod-
em jazz. 

A mix of elaborate keyboard 
and speedy bass go to show that he 
conquered this new hobby with 
vigor. The fast music makes you 
sit up and pay attention. It could 
only be imagined the pace Butler's 
fingers were pursuing. 

A majority of Orleans Inspira-
tions is spent in traditional jazz, 
Butler's forte. Orleans Inspiration 

is a big change from The Village. 
Whereas T he Village seemed to be 
a showplace for Butler, Orleans In-
spiration a Ilows the rest of the band 
their equal share in the light. This 
is good for Buder's career because 
the mix is a strong testimony to his 
creativity where his talent doesn't 
need to be exalted. Orleans Inspira-
tions also surprises the listener by 
dipping deeply into Southern blues. 
Hearing butler and his mentor 
Professor Longhair belt out the 
notes of "Come Back Jack" with 
such power makes you think of the 
old Memorex commercials where 
Ella Fitzgerald breaks the glass with 
her voice. 

In general , Orleans Inspirations 
is an exciting mix of many styles of 
music and could be aptly titled 
"Inspiring." If Butler's future is 
along the lines of his latest work, I 
could only suggest that he sleep in 
the bars he fi-equents and keep 
pumping out the music. 

- Bryan Partee 

Screaming 
Sirens 

Voo Doo 

Screaming Sirens 
VooDoo 
Slash Records 

Intense vibrations fill the air as 
the chords rip. The clash of cym-

boIs sets off the racing beat of the 
drums. Your heart thumps along 
with the beat. It 's hard-edged rock 
- or so they would like to think. 

Just fro m listening to the mu-
sic, it would automatically be as-
sumed that this band of "Musical 
Cult Heroines" are hard-edged 
rock, bound for the top of the rock 
charts. Then the singin g begins ... 

They don 't lie when they call 
themse lves Screaming Sirens, 
because that's exactly what they 
sound like in their new album Voo 
Doo. The lyrics are either sung in a 
whiny voice or in a voice trying 
desperately to be seductive. 

When the voices combine, the 
rough voice of Pleasant Geham 
conflicts with the airy, light voice 
of Kathryn Grimm. They are defi-
nitely playing with voo doo when 
they sing. 

It 's a shame because this band 
has potential. Noronlyis the music 
good, but the lyrics actually have 
meaning. "Little White Lies" de-
scribes a woman trying to hide a 
lifestyle people already know she 
has. 

And "This My Home" demon-
strates pride in where you come 
fi-om . They aren't your average 
background band in cheap adoles-
cent movies. 

Don't get me wrong: the 
Screaming Sirens have tough 
melodies and lyrics people can 
relate to. But songs were meant to 
be played and sung, so they are 
only doing half their job well . 

- Alejandra Navarro 

LA JOLLA CIVIC/UNIVERSITY SYMPHONY ASSOCIATION FRIDAY, MAY 18th at NOON 
MUSIC TRADER #2 SYMPHONY 

CONCERT 
AT UCSD MANDEVILLE AUDITORRJM 

Pre-concert Beethoven lecture with Music Scholar Frank Plash 

Beethoven's 

EROICA 
Masterwork of the Viennese Classical Period 

MOZART 
Sinfonia Conceltante 

o loists: Janos egyesy, viola, Paivikki Nykter, violin 

WORLD PREMIER 
A new work by Steven Takasugi, winner of the Symphony 
Association's Young Composer Competition 

Saturday, 
May 19 

Sunday, 
May 20 

7:00 p.m. pre-concert Beethoven lecture 
8:00 p.m. Symphony Concert 

2:00 p .m . pre-concert Beethoven lecture 
3:00 p.m. Symphony Concert 

Tickets through Ticketlv\aster 278-TIXS 
$7.00 Students/Seniors. $9.00 Gen . Admission 

Also available al UCSD Box Office 
~~--... 

For Season informotion Call: Symphony Office 01 534·4637 

r-----------------, 
I $ /") 00 OFF! at the door I 
I ~ - with th is coupon I L _________________ ~ 

GRAND OPENING I 
at 7094 Miramar Rd. Grand Opening Deals Galorel 

---------r-----Ir--------I FREE I Thousands of 
Thousands of I PRIZES I used cassettes 
Used Compact I Oil I $3 99 

Discs I DISCOUNTS I 0 each 
$8 99 I FOIAUI I or 

• each I MlramDron/y I 3 $1 0 
rbrougb 5/27 for _________ L _____ J-_______ _ 

FREE 
COMPACT DISCS 

& TAPESI 
TRADE IN: 6 CASSETTES 
YOU GET: 1 FREE CD· 
TRADE IN: 2 CD'S 
YOU GET: 1 FREE CD· 
TRADE IN: 2 TAPES 
YOU GET: 1 TAPE FREE· 
• No limit, 00 opp.ovol, used CD', and lope' 

~ Mallie ,... .... - 2 locations 
1.W:i#' 7094 Miramar Rd., Miramar Plaza 

~ (comer of Distribution) 693·1469 
5728 EI Cajon Blvd. 265-2274 



don't need [0 bum anything, wedon't need 
to protest against the government. We in-
side our minds need to open up. We need to 
read, we need to think. 

SDSU Literature Professor to perform ... 

a teacher ofliterature and the humanities to 
no longer intellectualize these things, to 
take these images that have had such a pro-
found effect on me, and to come up with 
other images, or even those images, and to 
make them real and alive to other people. 

"I think we need to integrate other things 
into us, we need to sta rt understanding what 
we are. We're not these fl eshy bagsofinsipid 
thought patterns. There's a soul, there's 
imagination, there's a spirit to us. And it all 
needs to be put into some sort of instinctual 
graceful harmony. 

Heavy Mental Screams at the Spirit "What I want to do is make all my images omething that will talk to the [person] 
deeper within. I think the deeper within 
right now is really not able [0 come out, be-
cause it's so enwrapped in the without," he 
added. 

Bv HELENA LEN~ lOH 
Associate A&E Editor 

The writings of Shakespeare, Keats, 
Spencer, and Blake require some pretty 
heavy mental work. And, according to 
SDSU literature professor Ron Shane, they 
are al 0 suitable for some pretty awesome 
heavy metal work . 

Shane isn't your average English profes-
sor. I n an attempt to bring the wisdom of the 

ashetrie to preadwordoftheimagination's 
decline in twentieth century life. 

"Literature is a wild art fonn," he stressed. 
"It needs to be brought back to its roots -
back in the days of Orpheus, the days when 
Dionysus was born, when you have such 
things as Diana, where poe try was an exotic 
art, where the poet would drive you to a 
level of ecstat ic frenzy. That's what litera-
ture is about. It's not about the staid medi-

Shane, who holds a PhD in romantic 
poetry from UC Santa Barbara along with 
various other academic degrees in psychol-
ogy and anthropology, believes that people 
today live in an "artificial society." He even 
goes so far as to say that we're all living in a 
paranoid schizophrenic state . 

literary greats toa more r----------~:__----------------..., "We need to look at 
works of anthropology 
a nd psychology like 
Joseph Campbell and 
really begin to realize 
that we are out of con-
trol! We are menta lly 
sick! We are a sick SOCI-
ety, because people are 
out of touch with them-
selves," Shane empha-
sized . "People have lost 
touch with everything. 
We're schizophreniC. 
We need to get rid of 
our ideology, we need 
to go through an atomic 
bomb of our mind and 
clear out all the old stuff. 

'We need to go through 
an atomic bomb of our 
mind and clear out all 
the old stuff. We are 
mentally a more fascist 
country than Hitler 
could ever conceive of. ' 

tangible level, Shane 
set literary ideas to rock 
music - or, rather, ad 
libs lyrics based on a 
series of poetic images 
he works out before-
hand . Shane's hard 
rock/punk/rap band 
Savage Fire is sched-
uled to play on Satur-
day, May 19, at the I 
Spirit Club. 

The 33 -year-old 
professor certainly 
looked the part of a 
hard rocker during a 
recent visit to the Hia-

-Ron Shane 
"So what I'm doing as a performer in rock 

and roll is what every good shaman would 
do in a primitive society: scream out against 
the mediocrity and banality o f the popula-
tion and hopefully do something. I love art. 
Art to me is our only way of ever attaining 
a greater bliss. It's not violence, it's art. Art 
has been, in primitive cultures, a way of 
teaching." 

tus office, hiS wild long L ____ ...:~~~~~~~~=:::=~~~~::::=:=_J 
blond hair and bulging "We are mentally a 

Shane sees his job as a teacher extending 
beyond the classroom, especially when the 
students in the classroom don't seem to ab-
sorb his ideas. 

"In the classroom if I say, 'Take a knife 
and allow yourself like a pig led to slaughter 
to bleed to death in an ocean of blood and 
find what there is in you-you'll find noth-
ing but waters and waters of blood. What 
have you become! Mere flesh to be slaugh-
tered by the unamorou~ feelings of the 
twentieth-century consciousness.' Can't do 

muscles set off by his Professor Ron Shane, far right, with former band members and dancers. more fascist country-
on a mental, spiritual plane - than Hitler 
could ever conceive of on an exterior level. 
We have total freedom of buying power. 
Our doctors are great. Our science is great. 
But in terms of subconsciousness, we really 
need a revolution. We don't need any guns. 
We don't need to tear down anything, we 

black t-shirt, tattered jeans, and thongs. But 
in everyday life Shane is less of a hard rocker 
and more of a cross between a well-rounded 
intellectual, an artist perching on that line 
bordering genius and insanity, a tribal sha-
man, and a Dionysian reveler. Indeed, these 
seem to be the things he aspires to the most, 

ocrity of the external world. 
"As a teacher of literature," he said, "to 

merely talk about literature in a normal, 
intellectual manner seems to me like some-
one working in a glue factory who gets stuck 
by his own glue, so that nothing really hap-
pens. I feel it's really important for myself as 

To critics' horror and fans' hurrahs. Madonna 
hit Los Angeles this week to perform five sold-out 
shows at the Sports Arena. What could be heard 
over the wails of lace-clad females and their well -
coiffed dates was a surprisingly solid array of the 
singer's past hits and current singles off of her up· 
coming Sire release, I'm Breathless. Perhaps the 
most impressive aspect of the show was the 
strength and stability 01 the Blonde One's voice. 
Even after running the length of the 75·by· 70·foot 

See METAL, page 8 

Guardiaillile phOlO 

Madonna, pre-peroxide era. 

stage too many times to count, rolling around on 
a bed, and pelvic thrusting to the beat, her 
vocals stayed constant with her recordings. They 
were almost too perfect, if you know what I 
mean ... 

But hey, Madonna never claimed to be Barbra 
Strelsand. There was glamour and there was 
glitz. There were good-looking, half-naked male 
dancers sweating amidst flying blonde hair· 
pieces. What more could you ask for? 

In spite of his belief, much of their 
lyrics lack any sort of social com-
mentary. Michael admits to this 
when he said that many of their 
songs are "jUSt about everyday 
things." 

A sample of the lyrics from 
"Aunt Jenny," their first single, 
exemplifies Second SeWs unimagi-
native themes and simplistic rhym-
ing schemes: "See myself on a 
dreamside shore/Pickin' the crops 
that have grown so tall/Eatin' the 
dirt on the farmers floorINo news 
at the union hall." 

Even if Second Self's sound is 
not as imaginative as Michael and 
Andrew would like us to believe, it 
is evident that they believe in their 
music. Michael summed up the 
band's philosophy as "try not to be 
anything, just be yourself." Fol-
lowing this idea, Second Self is 
showing who they really are, and 
unfortunately, they are nothing 
new. 

Second Self wants [0 be origi-
nal, but they have fallen into the 
traditional rut of commercializing 
theif sound and image. The band 
will continue its course of sacrific-
ing ingenuity for commercial suc-
cess, even while Michael insists on 
his band's unselfish motives: 
"W e're not doing this to get 
chicks." 

HIATUS reviews Mood Ring 

The Brothers Nehra and company posing untraditional/y. 

EM", 'new' bInd Second Se": 

Second Self's self-proclaimed 
original sound stems from the 
band's Motown roots. Andrew and 
Michael Nehra formed the band 
in Detro it, recruiting long time 
friends Giampa and Fowkes. Be-
cause of the band members' close-
ness, Giampa believes it is this 
sense of family that "separates us 
from the majority of bands out 
there." Giampa explained that 
growing up and playing in Detroit 
is what differentiates Second Self 
from other bands, because in De-
troit "there is no 'scene' like ... in 
L.A. People just play because they 
like to play." 

Andrew Nehra describes Mood Ring, hi& band's fast album ven-
ture on EMI, as a "rock and soul album." Despite ttleir adamant 
stanUon their uniquely diverse sound, Mood Ring is simply anomer 
neatly paclc.aged commercial album trying to pass off as something 
new. 

The eleven songs on Mood Ring seem to have been created for 
maximum commercial value. From their shallow single ~Aunt 
Jenny," void of any interesting thoughts, (~Bless my soul life goes on/ 
Blea my soul"), to their token ballad "I Stand You Spin," Second 
Selfleaves the listener With the impression that they have heard this 
band befOre (ptObably on Club MTV). 

Whadda They Mean, 'Self'? 
IV STEVE CORNACCHIA 
Contributing Writer 

"As long as you believe in what 
you are doing, that's the most 
important thing you can do." 
These are the words lead singer 
Michael Nehra uses to explain the 
philosphy behind his band, Sec-
ond Self. Mood Ring, Second Self's 
debut album on EMI, is attempt-
ing to take Nehra's Detroit-based 
band from relative obscw:ity to 
national recognition. 

Second Self is comprised of 
Michael Nehra, his brother An-
drew (bass), Jeff Fowlkes (drums) 
and Greg Giampa (guitar). Mi-
chael and Andrew Nehra, at a 
recent press conference at EMI, 
explained the origins of Second 
Self, their uriique Sound and im-
age, and the message they are trying 
to convey. 

Michael's emphasis on the 
band's originality proved hard to 
swallow. Michael and his brother's 
non-conformist theories of rock 
and 011 contradicted the Iminy 
Second Self posters on the walls 
depicting the band in traditional 
rock and roll garb and glitz. 

To perpetuate this contradic-
tion, the press conference began 
with a screening of Second SeWs 
video, "Aunt Jenny." Filled with 
the usual MTV cliches such as a 
warehouse backdrop and pointless 
shots of the band members run-
ning across the screen, the video 
was far from original. 

The band's unoriginality in 
appearance carries over to their 
music. Giampa descr ibes their 
sound as "simple, raw, and hon-
est." Simple it is, and it honestly 
displays their lack of ingenuity. 
Their sound is one that has been 
heard many times before. They 
could be any number of other 
bands, yet Michael insists that they 
are "not trying to be anything but 
themselves." 

Andrew described Second 
Self's music as "high-energy 
soul .... it's not funk, but it's got 
soul to it." Andrew's ambiguity in 
classifying Second Self's sound 
seems to be another attempt to 
convince us of his band's cutting-
edge originality. 

Citing such influences as 
"Mozart, Led Zeppelin ... The 
Doobie Brothers, and the Sex Pis-
tols," Giampa believes that the 
diversity among the band's influ-
ences, as well as the fact that each 
member has a role in the writing 
process, is the key to Second Self's 
unique sound. "We influence each 
other," Giampa explained. 

Asked who writes the music, 

Michael replied that "there is no 
one writer, everyone contributes 
somehow." Perhaps it is this mul-
tiple writing technique that is re-
sponsible for Second Self's shal-
low and uninspiring lyrics on Mood 
Ring. Andrew described his 
thoughts on the band's lyrical tal-
ent when he said "we have lyrics 
that have brains to them, I think." 

Moocl Ring Is not a bad album. however. Its intense rythrnic qual-
ityandover-distomdguitarpiaymakethisanidealpartyalbum.But 
the liseener will not find any deep philosophical lyrics or original 
sound in Mood run,. 
. MooclBm, ill au album. Because iris meant to sell. Second Self 
does not want to risk breaking down any new barriers. It makes me 
ti.tener ~ if Second Self has ever heard of Spinal Tap. 

DON HENLEY ~~g13 WITH SPECIAL GUEST THE INNOCENCE MISSION 
ERASURE 
WITH SPECIAL GUEST 
WIRE 

OINGO 
BOINGO 

JUNE 

7~ 

7 8:001 SUN JUNE 

ON SALE NOW: 
TRACY CHAPMAN - MAY 28 - OPEN AIR THEATRE 
REGGAE SUNSPLASH - MAY 31 - OPEN AIR THEATRE 
HOUSE OF LOVE - JUNE 17 - THE BACCHANAL 
COWBOY JUNKIES JUNE 20 - CALIFORNIA THEATRE 
~M~IDNI.HT~O~IL~~~~~~~~~~O~P;~~N~A~m~~~~~~~ 

I 11:\ I . \ 1'1, , . ., • '" ' 



Anaylzing Abbey Road ... 

Music 11: A Magical 
Tour of the Beatles 

By PATRICIA JrnlE 
Arts & Entertainment Editor 

College students are accu tomed to a specific instruc-
tional format: the professor spews out volumes of informa-
tion while those listening hastily scribble out reams of 
notes. Imagine the reaction when teaching assistants re-
placed the lecturer, gathering on tage to conduct an 
impromptu jam session covering various Beatles hits . 

"This is totally what I wanted out of this class," one 
Beatles "scholar" enthused. "Wc can learn about the [the 
band members'] lives anywhere else. But today I learned 
about the music." 

This quarter, the UCSD Music Department is offering a 
course entitled Music II, which focuses specifically on the 
Fab Four and their impact on popular culture. According to 
the in tructor, Professor G.] . Balzano, the class is consistent 
with the dcpartment's past support of "today's music." 

"The Beatles are a mirror, reflecting all sorts of interest-
ing i ues back at us," Balzano explained. "Some of those are 
musical issues, ome are issues that belong to other disci-
plines, and some belong to life itself. The Beatles are such 
a rich source of information that they justify a course purely 
on their ability to moti ':lte a careful look on music." 

A cognitive psychology graduate from Stanford, Balzano 
joined the UCSD faculty in 1971 as a music scientist. 
Although he had thoughts about teaching a similar course 
ten years ago, he felt that the university would decline to 
embrace the idea at that time. 

According to Peter Farrell, chairman of the MUSic 
Department at UCSD, "We proposed [the Beatles class) to 
[Professor Balzano). We wanted to introduce courses that 

would be of a fascinating topic for students' general cduca-
tion. It wasn't so easy to get him to teach it." 

Balzano refuted Farrell's statements. "That's not true. I 
actually proposed the idea threc years ago. There are a 
number of proposals that I've made to the Music Depart-
ment that have been forgo[(cn about and I guess this is just 
one of them. In Peter's defense, he wasn't chairman of the 
department when I proposed it several years ago. So we're 
both right, but that was after several years of that other 
proposal being ignored." 

In recent years, popular culture has crept out of the 
shadows of credible academia, becomingajustifiable area of 
academic study within the American university system. 
The University of Southern California currently offers a 
course similar to Music II, while many schools on the East 
Coast have begun to offer minors in such areas as television 
analysis, cartoons, and rock/folk music. 

This burgeoning interest in the mainstream may have 
See BEA TLES, page 7 

-=--~ , 

..................................................... -... -... -.-... -. -· ... --·------·-·---·---·-·-----------..... ·--·---1 
; 
! 

I THE THIEF OF BAGDAD , 
WITH THE SAN DIEGO I 

CINE-PHONIC ORCHESTRA 

I I ! 
: 
: 
: 
: 

! 
i 
i 
i 
! 
I 
I 
i 
i 

~ 
i 
i 

: Rtloul Walsh's 1924 silent classic will be presented with i 
: live orchestral accompaniment by the 13-piece San Die~ i 
i Cine-Phonic Orchestra. Douglas Fairbanks stars in thtS i 
: Arabilm Nights adventure fantasy, with art direction and I 
::: s~ts by the gret.Zt Windllitlm C~m,eron Menzies. Pit orchenhest~a, I 

Instrumentation, a mUSICQ arrangement are aut hc i 

I Frid •• , M •• ,. .~: ::" Mo, 19, 7~ pm I 
1 $8 (gener/ll), $6 (Museum members) i 
1 ............................................... ~ ...................... ~...................... ... i 

presented by ! 
I:! THE LA JOLLA MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART I' 
: The Museum is located at 700 Prospect Street in La Jolla 
! i 
i. Tickets now a:~~a~~~~!:r~~~_~um (454-3541) II 
! TI::~~~~ KPBS 8~5 FM I : .11tI7a.TID 17, 
: 

1 .......... I ... . .. "I ....... 'I . I" ..... '1"'II ... I'1 .. I"'I'1 . I .. 'III"~I'1 .. "'"'''' .... '''"1'1""~"''' ... ''II'I ... 'U •• W~ .. w ... w .. ~,.''I"'~~"J 

----~~ 

6 fjlATUS MAY 17 1990 

Beatles 
Continued from page 6 

originated in England . "A couple 
of years ago I noticed that there 
were courses, particularly music 
courses, that were about popular 
music," Halzano said. "A lot of 
British academics were complain-
ing about this snobbery involved 
in rejecting popular culture as a 
legitimate object of study and a 
legitimate object for a cour e." 

One explanation of contempo-
rary academic open-mindedness is 
class enrollment. Departmental 
funds are allocated based on the 
number of students taking the of-
fered courses. Music departments 
often fail to attract the number of 
students that many general educa-
tion science courses can command. 
This, in tum, forces them to con-
sider course topics that would be of 
interest to a larger majority of the 
student body. 

"The university has a grossly 
unfair scheme of deciding how 
much money to give to depart-
ments," Balzano said wearily. 
"What's funny is that we have all 
these physicists and mathemati-

final and let my T As do all the 
work and just walk in and lecture 
and forget about it,"'Balzano ex-
plained. 

In order to compensate for the 
large enrollment, students' grades 
are primarily based on individual 
projects. Balzano and his T As com-
piled a lengthy list of topic ideas 
ranging from surveys about Beatles 
history to a top. ten list of favorite 
Beatlessongs, including a side note 
that anyone who brought a mem-
ber of the quartet to speak to the 
class would receive an A. 

"The idea that I'm opposing is 
that education is something that, 
when you have it, you can fill in 
the blank," he emphasized. "Edu-
cation (is nod something that you 
can standardize and crank out 
clones of people that all learn the 
same thing." 

This quarter's overwhelming 
response to the course has Farrell 
promising that the Music Depart-
ment will offer Music 11 twice in 
the following school year. Yet the 
question remains as to who would 
teach it. 

"The future [of the Beatles class) 
depends on the quality of the 
student's work and the response to 
this course," Balzano said. "I don 't 

Balzano's adaptation of 'Twist and Shout'. 

cians and scientists who, if you 
threw them a linear model of 
something else, would dismiss it as 
being hopelessly naive, but they're 
perfectly happy to accept that lin-
ear model when it comes to assign-
ingresources to thedeparcments ... 
The math department doesn't have 
to teach particularly well to get big 
enrollments; they just enjoy a dis· 
cipline such that other disciplines 
have to stand on their shoulders. 
It's just, if you will, dumb luck, a 
cool fluke." 

The reaction to Music 11 has 
been anything but lukewarm. With 
class size originally s~t at under 
200, publicity about the course 
generated prior to the spring term 
pushed that number to 269. AL-
though Balzano W3:> pleased with 
the positive public response, the 
student·to-instructor ratio di -
turbed him. 

"When you have a large class, 
the tendency is to say, 'Well, let's 
see. I'll just make a fill in the blanks 
midterm and a fill in the blanks 

regard my function to be a police-
man and I'm not going to allow 
anyone to reduce me to that . Un-
fortunately, some people will take 
that as a license to take advantage 
and, to some extent, jeopardize 
other people's experiences in the 
course." 

It is Balzano's hoPe that Music 
11 will help the class to develop a 
certain analytical perspective 
when approaching music. By meld-
ing the critical with the holistic, 
students may overcome theirresis-
tance to question pop music. 

"[I'm trying to banish) the idea 
that, 'Well, John and Paul didn't 
do any kind of this ana lysis when 
they wrote the tune,'" he said. "But 
to me, that reveals part of the 
marvel of the music. Even though 
they didn't go through this process 
that we're going through, it none-
theless stand up under that kind 
of analysis. Without doing some 
kind of serious musical analysis, 
you can't fully appreciate just how 
good the Beatles' music is." 

~ 
."... ~m.~ YOAR5ELP '::: 
/ FRIDAY MAY 18,1990 

CARNIVAL: SUNGOD LAWN 12:00 PM - 6:00 PM 
CONCERT: PRICE CENTER 7:30 PM - 1 :00 AM 

Info Table Around Campus May 14 - May 17 
Bring Student 10 for Admission, Maximum One Guest, No Alcohol AIIo':'led 

I 
Sponsored by: A$UCSD and • Apple Computer Inc. 

UDIA 
... , •• ' •• " 1 '0"1 

Offers 
Students 

15% off 
Cuts 

by Jennifer 

7535 Girard 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

619/454-9651 

tTacoTime 
It's Time/or the Besfno 

FREE 
DRINK R.FILLS 

Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

......... "......c:. .... 

UCSD SPECIAL 
NEW CLIENTS ONLY 

Replace acrvfic nails willi a 'New 
Product' caIed Lume Gel flQnd Nails. 

S35 Reg. $45. Give your nails !hal 
CLEAR NATURAL LOOK! 

• Acrylics ................ .. .. .......... $16.95 
• Fills ......... .... ....................... $1 0.95 
• Silk Wrap ............................ $25.00 
• Unen Wrap ........................ $25.00 
• Fiberglass ...•...................... $25.00 
• Pedicure ............................ $10.95 
• Manicure ............ ..... .......... $5.95 



~ theater 
A Wilde Romance 
By MELINDA HAMILTON 
staff Writer 
.. candal adds excitement, r at lea t 
Interest, to a man." 

-Os ar Wild 
candal definitely add excite-

ment to "An Ideal Hu band," a 
play by Oscar Wilde currently 
runnmgat Lamb's Player Theater 
in National City every Wedne -
da through Saturday until May 
27. 

et in 1 90, the play traces an 
attempt by a charming young 
woman to blackmail a few differ-
ent people into publicly support-
ing a peculation cherne so that 
she will not 10 e her money on it. 
In ider trading, romance and po-
litical candal all get mixed up 
with high morals and a misidenti-
fied person. 

The play did not have anyone 
particular highlight, but rather 

everallittle one as the plot t ok 
eachofitsmultitudeoftwi ts.Ju t 
when the plot eemcd to be get-
ting predictable, omething new 
happened to turn things com-
pletely around. 

Wilde's writing gave the actors 
a lot of room to develop character, 
but orne of the character eemed 
hallow and in a few ca e , lightly 

overacted. In the ca e of Rick 
Mead , who played the dandy Lord 
Goring, the overacting fit perfectly 
into his character and made him 
more believable. 

The first cene con ists entirely 
of absolute ly wonderful verbal 
parring matches that take jab at 

it participants as well as the social 
system ofYlctorian England. The 
participants attack every thing from 
the high moral standards of the 
time, to how things like genius 
have ceased to be important be-

cau e they are too common. The 
characters enjoy poking fun at 
themselves and each other through 
backhanded remarks and insinu-
ations. 

An especially notable perform-
ance was given by Deborah 

GilmoreSmytha LadyCheveley, 
the scandalous woman who causes 
all the trouble. A very seouctive 
woman, Lady Cheveley's true per-
sonality comes through as she tries 
to coquettishly blackmail one of 
the other characters. Smyth plays 

, ~ ~ 
ltEP THAT SHOWER ft\tS\\ fEELING All DAY WITH B~" 

8 HIATUS MAY 17, 1990 

the part to the hilt, casting all the 
appropriate glance and taking 
obvi us plea ure in cau ing uch 
trouble. 

Meads also delivers a fine per-
f, rmance as L rd G ring, the play-
boy who cannot tand ding any-
thing eriou and has devoted hi 
life to parties. Although he seems 
h peles Iy trivial at fir t , Meads' 
Goringpo esses more intelligence 
and d pth than he lets on. 

The Lamb's Players theater-in-
the-round stage do 11 t adapt 
quite as well to drama as it did to 
the mu ical "Joseph and the 
Amazing Technicolor Dream-
coat," which was produced last win-
ter. Although "An Ideal Husband" 
wa written for a regular stage, the 
actors adapted well to having to 
play to an audience eated 360 
degrees around them. 

Upholding a tradition of qual-
ity community theater, "An Ideal 
Husband" adds to Lamb's Players' 
list of well-presented plays. 

THEATER.: "An Ideal Husband," lIt 
the Lamb's PlayenTheater, 500 Piau 
Boulevard in NatiQnal City. Showtime& 
8 p.rn. Wed.-Sat. Ttdcel'$$13-$17. Fat 
cnore infOtmadon, ~l (619)474-4542. 

Metal 
continued from page 4 

that in the classroom. Can't be 
that bizarre. Students don't want 
to be pushed. They don't want 
their creative parameters out of 
control," Shane said. 

"I am so tired of going into a 
classroom and having students like 
cement bricks," he continued. 
"Hey, I could throw a great lecture 
at them and after 45 minutes of 
hammering at them I could be a 
sign painter and paint a sign on 
their little heads. I want to tell 
them, 'Shave your heads and I:ll 
write my lecture notes on your 
skulls - that's about as much en-
trance as they'll ever get into you. '" 

Metaphorical mind inscription 
and all, this modern day shaman 
takes the "instinctual fire" of his 
personal quest for meaning and 
tries to stoke the coals of the 
public's mind with his music. 

"When I'm creating these 
mental images where I'm scream-
ing them in a punk/rap style," 
Shane explained, "when I hit the 
image, I want [the audience] to 
feel the wildness of the rock music 
going into them, and I want the 
image to be shot into their heads, 
and for their mental eyes to see the 
image, and once they see it in their 
mental eye, allow the image to 
soak inside of them, and once the 
image soaks inside them, let it cause 
certain reverberations, and let that 
reverberation play upon deeper 
notes of their own feelings, where 
their feelings tell them what's going 
on. 

"Music is a way to get down to 
the roots of people. Even if I don't 
have $1.5 million to produce fea-
ture films that will reach millions 
of people, I can always stand up in 
a club and mayb get something 
across through mu ic and affect a 
few people," he said. "I'll probably 
do it all ummer long. It' fun . It's 
creative. It's healthy." 

CONCERTS: Ron Shane with 
Savage Fire, Sat., May 19, 10 
p.m. at the Spirit Club, 1130 
Buenos St., San Diego. For infor-
mation, call276-3993. 


