
Nicaragua Photos 
Frozen In Time 

Fox's New 
'In Living Color' 

Golf Jumps Six 
Spots to No. 6 
Reinhardt Seventh Overall UCSD Student Wins National Award 

Features, page 8 
Comedy Series Boosts Ratings 

Hiatus, page H1 Sports, page 14 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 70, NUMBER 16 THURSDAY, MAY 24,1990 

Atkinson, Regents Next Steps to Approval 

Academic Senate Approves 
Ethnic Studies Department 
By MELINDA HAMILTON 
Staff Writer 

The Academic Senate passed a 
resolution on Tuesday recommend-
ing the formation of an Ethnic 
Studies D~partment at UCSD. 

The proposal will now go to 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson for 
approval. If approved by Atkin-
son, the proposal will be sent to the 
UC Board of Regents for final ap-
proval. 

dents would also spend time study-
ing the background and countries 
of origin of these ethnic groups. 

Faculty who attended the Aca-
demic Senate meeting on Tuesday 
discussed the advantages and dis-
advantages of creating an Ethnic 
Studies Department before pass-
ing the resolution by a vote of 96-
14, with nine abstentions. 

In order to be presented to the 
Academic Senate, the proposal had 
to be approved by four commit-
tee : the Committee on Educational 
Policy, the Graduate Council, the 
Committee on Planning and 

Budget, and the Executive And 
Policy Committee. 

Three of the four committees 
advocate the creation of an Ethnic 
Studies department. The Graduate 
Council prefers that Ethnic Stud-
ies come into being as a program, 
not a department, according to 
Academic Senate records. 

Supporters of the program cited 
the growing population of ethni-
cally mixed people in the United 
States today and said that it is the 
university's obligation to provide 
a well-rounded curriculum. 

See STUDIES, page 3 

Ram6n Gutierrez, chair of the 
UCSD Academic Senate Ethnic 
Studies Advi ory Committee, aid 
that if the regents approve the 
propo al in their upcoming July 
19-20 meeting, the department 
could become official in August 
and start offering course in the 
fall. 

Beach Alcohol Ban 
Passes First Hurdle 

Rlmas UzglrislGuardian 
A group made up of Alpha Omicron Pi, Phi Delta Theta, and 
Sigma Alpha Mu members performed in the Greek Week 
Talent Show last night. Greek Week begins each year with the 
Sun God Festival, and ends tonight with an all-Greek party. 

According to the proposal, the 
new ethnic studies major would 
require students to take a three-
quarter lower-division sequence 
and a minimum of 12 upper-divi-
sion courses, which would include 
one course in field studies meth-
ods. 

Proposal Forwarded To City Council 
By RANDY DOTINGA 
Senior Staff Writer 

A.S. Council Debates 
Budget, Appointment 

Other courses would study his-
tory, languages, and cultures of 
ethnic minorities in the United 
States. 

A proposal to ban alcohol at La 
Jolla Shores beach passed its first 
legislati ve hurdle yesterday, when 
a committee of the San Diego City 
Council approved the ban and sent 
it to the full council for considera-
tion. By MARY BETTY HEARD 

Senior Staff Writer 
Last night's A.S. Council meet-

ing featured the appointment of a 
representative who had been serv-
ing in a position without official 
A.S. approval, a well as a lengthy 
debate about the 1990-91 A.S. 
budget. 

In the first action of the meet-
ing, the council appointed Steve 
Boxer as Fifth College representa-
tive to the A.S. Judicial Board. 
Boxer had already been on the 
board for several months. 

Apparently, Boxer was never 
submitted to the council for ap-
proval after he was appointed by 
the Fifth College Council last year. 
He has been serving as a voting 
membet since his appointment. 

According to council bylaws, if 
Boxer was not approved last night, 
then all deci ions he voted on which 
could have been overturned by one 
vote would be void. 

When asked how often he voted 
in clo e outcomes, Boxer replied, 
"If we generalize, my vote wa im-
portant, and if one vote wa re-
moved ... then all the work of th 
Judicial Board would be nullified." 

Fifth College Junior Senator 
Paul Wilcox que ' tioned whether 
Boxer should be approved. Ac-
cording to Wilcox, there have been 
objection to hi appointment by 
the Fifth College Council. 

Most members felt that since 
objections to Boxer had been over-
ridden, and since he had already 
sat on the Judicial Board for a year, 
the A.S. Council should follow the 
Fifth College Council's recom-
mendation. 

The main discussion of the 
evening centered on next year's 

See A.S., page 3 

Gutierrez said that the depart-
ment would take advantage of 
existing faculty strengths by incor-
porating the Asian-American Stud-
ies Program, the Chicano Studies 
Program, and the Contemporary 
Black Arts Program. Native Ameri-
can Studies and European immi-
grant Studies would be added. 

By a vote of3 to 0, the Commit-
tee on Public Facilities and Rec-
reation approved a report by the 
city manager' office laying down 
the details of the alcohol ban. The 
proposal is expected to be debated 
by the entire council in a few weeks. 

The ban is supported by several 
councilmembers, including Abbe According to Gutierrez, stu-

Heart Failure Victim Collap'ses in GH 
By STEPHEN BAK 
Guardian Reporter 
And RANDY DOTINGA 
Senior Sta/fWriter 

A UCSD student collapsed and apparently 
suffered bean failure in the Undergraduate li-
brary in Galbraith Hall Tuesday afternoon as 
shocked students looked on. 

Authorities, citing privacy concerns, refused to 
release the student's name or his ailment. A spokes-
man from Scripps Memorial Hospital in La 1011a 
did say, however, that the student was in serious 
condition yesterday. 

The student was studying in a cubicle near the 
periodical section of the library at about 4:30 p.m. 
Tuesday when he began to have difficulty breath-
ing and lost consciousness. 

"He sounded like he was in pain .... At first I 
thought he was drunk, because no one was doing 
anything. And then befell down," said Kim Conda, 
a San Diego Stale University student who was 
studying at the library. 

"1 noticed that the student was sitting upright in 

an awkward position and making an unusual snor-
ing sound," librarian Karl Lucas said ... I noticed 
immediately that something was wrong." 

Lucas said that she, with the help of two staff 
members and a studen~ immediately helped the 
ailing student to the floor. She added that a student 
familiar with CPR ran down from the second floor 
and proceeded to pump the student's chest. 

Within a few minutes, UCSD police officer 
Warren Zimmer arrived on the scene and, realiz-
ing that the student did not have a pulse, proceeded 
to perform mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, wit-
nesses said. 

Paramedics arrived and relieved Zimmer and 
the student administering CPR shortly thereafter. 
As this time, a police officer asked all students in 
the library to leave, and everyone complied. 

"I was wondering why the police officer dido't 
tell people to get out before the ambulance came," 
Conda said. 

Approximately IS minutes after the library was 
cleared, the student was transported to Scripps 
Memorial Hospital. Students Wen'J allowed back 
into the library at approximately 5:1S p.m. 

Wolfs heimer, who represents La 
Jolla and University City. But the 
proposal has met opposition from 
Mayor Maureen O'Connor and 
Councilmembers Bob Filner and 
Ron Roberts. 

Under the report approved by 
the committee, alcohol would be 
outlawed at La Jolla Shores beach, 
the adjoining Kellogg Park, and 
North Park Community Park for a 
six-month trial period starting July 
1. 

Organizations of more than 75 
people, however, would be able to 
obtain pennits to drink alcohol at 
La Jolla Shores. 

In December, the committee 
sugge ted that alcohol be banned 
at all city beaches. The city-wide 
ban proposal was withdrawn after 
O'Connor and city residents ex-
pressed oppo ition. 

At the committee meeting yes-
terday, several La Jolla residents 
poke in favor of the alcohol ban. 

John Berol, chainnan of the La 
Jolla Shores Association, claimed 
that "drunken crowds threaten 
public safety at the beach." 

Berol added that it i better to 
ban alcohol entirely than enforce 
the current 10 p.m. curfew on alco-
hol use. 

"It will take less police force to 
enforce [the ban] than break up 
c rowds at 10 p.m.," Berol aid. 

La Jolla re ident Dick Kylberg 
compared Kellogg Park to a "war 
zone." 

Several people voiced oppo i-
tion to the alcohol ban, claiming 
that enforcement of existing law 
about alcohol u e and inappropri-
ate behavior should be increa ed 
instead. 

Bill Schreiber, executive direc-
ee BAN, page 6 



v (0 UCNEWS J 
UCLA May Be Graduating Students 
In Program That 'Does Not Exist' 

LOS ANGELES - Hundreds of UCLA students have 
graduated from a degree program that ome admini tra-
tors and faculty members acknowledge may have never 
received proper academic accreditation . 

The EconomicsfBusiness Degree program, which 
graduates about 100 srudems a year, was fonnally ap-
proved by the Office of the UC President in 1983, college 
administrators said. 

But faculty members involved in recem inquiries into 
whether the degree program met academic regulations 
said administrative approval bypassed several faculty-
conducted reviews that all majors must fulfill under 
procedures mandated by the UC Board of Regents. 

College of Letters and Sciences Vice Provost Carol 
Hartzog defended the degree program, saying she found 
a document this week that indicates a faculty committee 
"appeared" to approve the major in 1981 . Because there 
are " inconsistencies" in the program's early documema-
tion. administrators are now seeking faculty approval. 

Documents provided by the Office of the Provost and 
interviews conducted with UCLA faculty members fa-
miliar with the program indicate that the college has 
graduated about SOO srudems from the program and more 
students expect bachelor's degrees next month, despite a 
1989 faculty committee conclusion that the major "does 
not exist" because it was never approved by the UCLA 
Academic Senate. 

The college, in a written statement released last week, 
maintained the degree program is "an authorized major" 
and garnered fonnal approval from the UC president's 
office after a review. 

ASUCSB Council Members Attempt 
To Remove Financial Board Chair 

SANTA BARBARA - Embattled ASUCSB Finance 
Board Chair Dave Lehr last week weathered an attempt by 
A.S. Legislative Council members to oust him for alleged 
violations of financial policies and procedures. 

The effort was spearheaded by board member Kurt 
Ebner, who authored a bill stating that Lehr violated an 
ASUCSBno-loan policy. According to the bill, Lehrused 
approximately $260 of Finance Board money in March to 
help fund the printing of I,SOO pamphlets for a pro-
student union organization. Ebner's bill required a two-

Calvin and Hobbes 

third council majority for approval, but failed with a IS-
7 vote. 

"I think it ' s grossly unjust." Ebner said of the decision. 
"[Lehr] violated the no-loan policy and I feel he should 
have been removed. It 's unfortunate that someone could 
be found gUilty of violating a policy." 

During the meeting. Lehr told members he wa un-
aware of the policy at the time of the March transaction. 
He admitted what he did was a violation, and that he forgot 
about the tmnsfer until recently. 

Several Lehr supporters at the meeting said the issue 
was being brought before council not because of the 
policy he violated. but because of who he violated it for. 

"I think this whole thing is very petty," Off-campus 
Representative Curtis Shaw said. " We are not the presi-
dent and this is not an Iran/Contra scandaL ... This is what 
brings ASUCSB down and attracts criticism from the 
outside .. .. We should be supporting each other instead of 
trying to bring everybody down." 

f ___ ' 
1~'li""UCSD NEWS 
"" Former Grad Student and Husband 
Donate $5 Million to Cancer Center 

Ben and Sheri Kelts have contributed a $S million gift 
to establish a charitable remaindertrust fund in support of 
the UCSD Cancer Center. 

"This generous gift comes at a pivotal time for the 
UCSD Cancer center and will contribute significantly to 
the the continuing development of the basic research and 
clinical re earch programs for which the UCSD Cancer 
Center has become nationally known," Chancellor Rich-
ard Atkinson said in a written statement. 

The UCSD Center is one of 40 federally designated 
and supported clinical and research cancer centers in the 
United States and the only one in San Diego, Orange and 
Imperial counties. The center provides conventional and 
experimental treatments for all fonns of malignancy with 
between SO and 75 experimental trials taking place at any 
given time. Approximately 150 physicians and scientists 
from the UCSD faculty are affiliated with the cancer 
center providing their latest approaches to diagnosing and 
treating cancer, as well as conducting basic research to 
advance the understanding of improved treatments. 

Ben Kelts, a member of the UCSD Cancer Foundation 
Board. is a venture capitalist specializing in the field of 
high technology. Sheri Kelts is agmduateofUCSD's An-
thropology Department, where she worked as a research 
assistant following graduation. 

by Bill Watterson 

S!'~~""M\ '5I'Wf I'> ~NC; 
\lao PRISlt-I~? ~1 
\\IDroJ~ ~I.I"~S ~ 'tI1\~T 
00 1\\"~ W~\ 'tI In! IUI-P 

SPI~f IS ~N To HNI> OJT.' ()JR 
\\00 IS C/>.LL£\) ~toRE M M.IEN 

I/~ I 
~ . ~ 

ST~ING DEAn! IN 
rnt Ft..C£, OIJR 
\\£\lP ~\K\(S I=I6T. 

Po~\P,1E ! 

tHU4I~ CLOSER 10 ~E 
SAcRIFICIAl. PIT, SPIFF 

~li P.KI> Slo\O(1)\L'I 
R£AC\\£S f<)R ill\:. Tltt'l 

~TW. SlAm? a~(C9W> 
IN ~\S BELT : 

SPIFf ES:~! -mE. ~loI\( 
00 stItE.~i (ORQ.I\'lOI!S OF 
nit. ,.UE.t-1 R:>~Ul.1:'S5 ~~ 
0ESER1tt>: Ml. Til>. ~\ffiS 
w,o G/>.m~o RlR 'M. SPKT~\.E 

TI\I; l'£1-.Il.1.ESS S?K£ 
~XI'I.ClI!£~ ~~ IT Th 1IlE 
I'lAAH ~F~. 81lT 111£ 

~I~H QIlti.K I') 11\ 

a: (),)It IIER<15 ~~I5E ~ 

SPiff jll~1".) I~TCl n!£ 
COCK!,IT, ~RIl'<.S 
1\1£ lAlJIlCI\ nlRlJ'Smts 

~\) ... 

C~~IN, GI~ M£ 1\\"T 
RlJ8QER BAND RIG"T 

-rnIS ~IN\H£ .' 

( SPOTLIGHT) 
UC Budgeter Warns Regents of 
Problems If State Propositions Fail 

Faced with a state financial picture that projects reve-
nue shortfalls and other fi scal problems, the UC's chief 
budget administratorsaid the passage of Proposi tions III 
and 121 i more importantthan everto the future ofthe UC 
and the fulfillment of its miss ions. 

William Baker, vice president for Budget and Univer-
ity Relations, told the regents last week that the best the 

UC can hope for in the \990-91 budget is Governor 
George Oeukmejian 's proposed $2.26 billion General 
Fund package. which Baker described as "inadequate." 

" It appears that the state may have a problem in excess 
of one billion dollars for 1990-9 1 in addition to the cuts 
already included in the governor's budget," Baker said. 

"If we must absorb further large cuts, the results would 
be very damaging. Students have already been admitted 
fornext year and program decisions have been made," he 
added . 

[n the past, under similar circumstances, the UC has 
taken temporary actions such as delaying hiring and 
equipment purchases and increasing fees, he noted. 

Proposition 121 is a geneml obligation bond issue that 
will provide $450 million in higher education capital 
projects. Forty major projects and hundreds ofminorproj-
ects will be funded by the Proposition, including $127 
million for projects on all nine University of California 
campuses. 

Prop 111 Forum to be Held Locally 
A forum on Proposition III will be held Monday at 

6:30 p.m. on the campus of the California State Univer-
sity. San Marcos, on 820 West Los Vallecitos Blvd in San 
Marcos. 

Proponents of Proposition III say the ballot measure 
is necessary if California is to maintain the existing level 
of essential public services such as public schools, higher 
education, law enforcement, prisons, and health services. 

Opponents say Proposition 111 would result in an 
"unacceptable" gas tax increase. They also object to 
amending the Gann spending limit saying such a change 
would lead to higher taxes. 

For further information regarding the forum, call UCSD 
Exlension aI534-3400. 

~ompiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason Snell Assocuue News Editor 

GUKKI)IAN 
PHL GRUEN, EdittN In CIIIeI 
ROBIN MAC LEAN, ....... ., Editor 
ANTON BITTNER, ,.,. EdIIDr 
BEN BOYCHUK, A--. OpInIon EdlfOr 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Spotfa EdItor 
JAMES COLLER, FNtu,.. Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, "..,. EdIIDr 
RANDY DOTlNOA, CGpy Editor 
DOREEN ERENEA, A_,.,. Feat_ Editor 
LARA HEISLER, "-IIIte ~nj .. ;Ulnmenl Editor 
PATRICIA JETTIE, ~""""nmenl Editor 
GAL JOHNSON, "-IIIte Piloto Edllor 
PETER KO, Auo/:,.,. Sporta Edllor 
HELENA LENG LOH, Anoc/al. Arla/Enlert.I_1 Editor 
JEFF QUAM, a,.."lc. Editor 
JASON SNELL, A_I.'. "..,. Editor 
RlMAS UZGIRIS', Piloto Editor 
JENNFEA YANCEY, Aaot;;.,. Art.tEnle".'ttrnent Editor 
SInIar 9l1li WrIIn: Andrea AIIomal. Mary Beay HoW. ChriAna Huizar. BrIan 
IIcw 
SIItIWItItrs: John Asuncion. Mille Berta. Wall8rBins. EtlcBroaIo. u.s Bruvold. Seen 
C-. Plerr. de GaiIarlde. Melinda Hamilon. Juie HeimIeI. Grace Lee. Adam 
Levy.Oa ... lSd3tom.Sheny~.JamesMu\liner.JoIhOdintz . MariePutemal< . 
Oavld Po*:ha. Ma_ Ruband. Tom Rluuti. Andrew RobbIns. Man RochIos. 
0eIlbI0 RoaenIhaI.lJor Rozenrnan. Srinalh Sanda. Michael Schwartz. Doug Shaddlt. 
I.iIda SphAr. Chri; SIIrinI. Jean Suzuld. Kevin Twer. NIc;oIa WhiIehNd. J«f 
V I/1IIIQUCN 

~: Mlchael AInIeI. Gr'll8ints.JemIIer~oIIky. Cory 1.idscIIin. Ed Urn. 
Frri lum. Sue Mapes. Brian MooIt. Jaime Muldoon. John Ourare. DtVfYi Vee. 
Felbcz.nga 
1IuenIan:Mi<t Cavna. Milo Cooper. Tony Fuentas. Cam lAw. MtI MarcoIO. Leigh 

Ame~. Kaly Roe. Tyrome T~ 
TypiIII: Karl BidIoa. MtIIsu Fawl. Jim Muliner 
Copy ....... : HaIr Cooper. 0I1g Hullsluller. Julie Puzon, Jessie Springe< 
1'IOducIIon: Tracy Brown. GraceChuI. Melinda ~ Chaf18s Pall<. Cindy Woo. 
./011 Yomagucli 
T_IIII DINcIoro: Set! SIaIaf. DIvId Wyner 

BOB DeANDREA, Bwi,... u.n.ger 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advert'.'ng u.n.g.r 
IME MARTINEZ, Adwrt"/ng DHlgner 
E. LEIGH HENRY, C/aNlfled "-P,..."t.tlv. 
Acc:ount ~ .. : David W)mr 
AIMIIIIIng ~t Ltamtlltlongio 
~: JolIn Dando. Joe Let. Michelle Randall 

11IIUCSOGowdilrl~ IlbI-MondIiys encIThJldays ~ Ihe academoc y."'byond 
Io! "._oIUCSO AtprodUClJOn04I111s_" any form. _,n_ or 
.. pol\. _ PI"n"""" II SInCty prohibto<l C 11190. all nghIS , ..... 0<1. 

11IIUCSDau._itnot'~kl<Ihe' ... nolunoollcittd_jlISorart The 
_ t"",_" grapl\oCS encIlIgntd lotte" or _menw" .. do not noc .... " iy repr .. 
III1IIhe_oI11ll UCSDGowdiIrI.1Ilf 1JroY000000oi CoIifomII or IheAosooalool s.,. 
_" UCSO. M Sell SIator wort God. _ Phi Gr .... bt the devil? 

EdHorI8I: 534-6580 Business: 534-3466 Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD Guardian, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Thursday, May 24, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

STUDIES: Faculty Approves New Dept. 
Continued from page 1 

"Itisn'la victory, really, as much 
as the campus living up to its re-
sponSibility," Third College Pro-
vost Cecil Lytle said . 

Political Science Professor San-
ford Lakoff, one of the opponents 
of the resolution, said that the crea-
tion of a new department focused 
entirely on Sludying limited ethnic 
group would promote segrega-
tion. 

"We are a nation of nations," he 
aid. "This is a step in the wrong 

direction. " 
Lakoff raised concerns about 

finding enough students to justify 
a department. Students are not in-
terested in studying subjects that 
will not help them find careers, ac-
cording 10 Lakoff. 

A representative of the Execu-
tive and Policy Committee said 
that the commillee sees Ethnic 
Studies as a budding major and 
deserves to have the power of a 
department to draw qualified fac-
ulty from the very beginning. 

The representative added that if 
Ethnic Studies was instituted as a 
program intented to grow into a 
department, then it would be better 
off as a department from the begin-

ning. 
Lytle agreed with the commit-

tee. 
"[The Ethnic Studies Depart-

ment] can now control its own 
stability," he sa id. "We can now 
count on quality faculty on a per-
manent basis. Programs rely on the 
good will of departments - if de-
partments have faculty to spare, 
they give them. But many depart-
ments here at UCSD are impacted, 
and can't spare the professors." 

Acting Chancellorof Academic 
Affairs Harold Ticho said he 
thought Chancellor Atkinson 
would support the proposal. 

"The Academic Senate major-
ity will certainly play a role [in 
convincing Atkinson] - it was a 
persuasive majority," he said. 

However, only a small number 
of the total membership of the 
Academic Senate attended 
Tuesday 's meeting. After the vote 
was recorded, a motion was made 
to put the is ue to a vote by mail. 

According to Guti~ rrez, the 
Academic Senate has between 800 
and 1,000 members. He added that 
Tuesday's attendance of 119 vot-
ing members was the largest allen-
dance in years. 

Professional business fraternity Alpha Kappa Psi held its 
annual "Coins Across UCSD" event yesterday. Money placed 

. along the strip of tape will be donated to the homeless. 

r-
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

--R~;'G~-F~~Co~l 
SPRING INTO SUMMER I 

f~SPECIAL! 
With this coupon ... 
one FREE Month 
with purchase of 
regular 

membership. 
4 MONTHS FOR 

THE PRICE OF 3 
• T,*" COIl One 1* pot1Of1. Must ",roa on .. YioiII/1d an InconIiw may 
~~-I bt _ad for en<oIirG on t'eguI. ~ Fir1I *'" ~ edt. 
~_...-T'" No ..... discounts CIf1 bt I.Md in conjlrlc1lon .... this oller I/1d 

I11If1'I>er3Ili roost bt _ II center 0/ .... oIImenI. Mus! bt al1oul1 a 
~"" ...... v years old. P.,sonaI UIwlg I/1d babylllling available &I nominal cost. 

L
I Lomas Santa Fe Plaza· 975·C Lomas Santa Fe· Solana Beach 259-8515 ---------------~----~ 

A majority of those present 
voted down a mail ballot. and the 
original results to recommend the 
department were declared final. 

The proposal, as wrillen, does 
not include a graduate student pro-
gram. Gutierrez hopes that the 
program will grow to include 
graduate students in three to five 
years. 

The proposal would have had to 
been approved by six committees 
if it had included graduate stu-
dents, as opposed to four for the 
undergraduate progmm, Guti~rrez 
said. 

"I wanted to make it less con-
troversial," he explained. 

Associate News Editor Jason 
Snell contributed to this story. 

A.S. 
Continued from page 1 
Associated Students Executive 
Budge\. Each recommendation for 
the budget was debated and voted 
on by the council. 

The programming budget, 
which includes TGs, added up to a 
subtotal of $127,224. 

One item, a $2,000 allocation 
for the Earth Day Peace Festival, 
was moved'from the programming 
budget to the miscellaneous events 
budget. According to A.S. Presi-
dent John Edson, the Earth Day 
Peace Festival is a combination of 
an Earth Day celebmtion and the 
Spring Festival for Peace. 

Vice President Extemal Molly 
McKay expressed her concern for 
the amount allocated to the festi-
val. 

"Two thousand dollars is pea-
nuts for this kind offestival. Either 
we should up [the amount] ornuke 
it," McKay said. 

Edson replied that he kept the 
amount for the festival low be-
cause "it is a small carry-over 
budget." He also said that the coun-
cil would have the option of in-
creasing the budget later. 

According to McKay, by chang-
ingthe festival to the miscellane-
ous events fund, where other large 
scale events like the Sun God 
Festi v al are Ii sted, the festi val could 
be planned and run by a commit-
tee. 

"In order to put on a festival to 
the magnitude that this needs, it 
needs to have a sepamte chair 
because it requires a lot of work. 
By creating a committee for the 
festival, we will be setting a prece-
dent," McKay said. 

Another point of debate over 
the programming budget was the 
fonnation of committees for event 

See A.S., page 6 

$41'· 
S'IUDIIII'/IOU'I'II 1Q.s 

'"One-Week Lmirl!Jlld & 
foIacoN land only. 

"oCher U.S.S.R. 5ld Eastern 
El.ICIpe tOllS lMIilabie. 

GuIdi ..... 
UCSD PrIG C ....... 

nat ........ 0IIca 

451·0630 

Tbel'e 
Al'eSo Many 
lla,,6 .. . 
toe ... ". 
at Ben,fJ 

~rT7. 

NEWS 3 

lYfth 
• thIs 

adl 4 
4 

4150RegentsParkRo ~ • 
587-3680 ~ .. ptne'-.",lOeo 
~~ ----------~----

---..:---< ~~o@@ @~LJQ I 
BEH&iJERRY·S. : 
ICE CREAM CAKES I 

• I 
Bkthdays • Graduation. Picnics. Anytime 

Please gtve us 48 hours notice on custom cakes. L ___________________ ~ 

& O I«J8FM PRESENT 

LED ZEPPELIN 

A CLASSIC LASER-LIGHT CONCERT FEA TURING MUSIC FROM rHE 
FIRST FOUR LED ZEPPELIN ALBUMS 

THEATER AND SCIENCE CENTER 

Balboa Park 
Open evenings too! 

For show info call 238-1168 

The UCSD Summer Session 
first five-week session begins 
July 2 and the second five-week 
session begins August 6. 
An exciting range of courses from 
virtually every campus department is 
offered . Catalogs are available now For 
your free copy, drop by the Summel' 
Session Office, UCSD Extension 
Complex , Building A, Monday throuph 
Friday, 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. or phone 
534-4364 . 

• II " - .1 I 
l~I.~Q\ " Jf :~,"=,,~ ~ \4~ DIEGO 



4 OPINION 
-------------------------------------

The DC D Guardian Thursday, May 24, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN , Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN, Managing Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE. News Editor 
ANTON BITTNER. News Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

TM UCSDGuarditlll is published twice " 'cellyallM: Univcrsit),ofCaliromia. San Diclo, COfuenlsCl990. 
Views c~prc5SCd herein ~nl the mlJority voce of the editorial board. and an: no!: nccc5Wily those OrlM 
UC Board of Rcae-nts. the ASUCSD. nor the enln GMlJrdiDll gaff, 

Women 's Sports 

Tough Competitors 
On Sunday, May 6, tJCSD 's women 's waterpo)o team capped 

off the most successful season in its history when it defeated UC 
Davis 9-3 in the championship game of the USA Collegiate 
Women 's Water Polo Nationals. The victory gave the Tritons 
their first ever undefeated eason at 26-0-1, their second national 
title, and allowed them to seize a crown which eluded them in the 
championship game of last year's tournament. 

The victory also allowed some UCSD students to seize the op-
portunity to downplay the achievements of the team with just a 
few short words concerning the importance of water polo and , 
more importantly, the competitiveness of women's athletics (see 
letters, Guardian, May 17). The letters stemmed from a com-

plaint about the placement and length of the article report-
ing on the national tournament in the Monday, May 

7 Guardian. 
Using the women's water polo team as a 

focal point , the letters voiced valid 
concerns relating to genera] cam-

pus apathy towards intercolle-
giate athletics, perhaps as a 
result of inadequate media 
coverage. Even though one 
of the letters, claiming that 

nobody cares about the 
team besides its mem-

bers and their imme-
diate family, may 
not have been au-
thored by those to 
whom it was attrib-
uted, the fact re-

mains that somebody wrote it. Unfortunately, with water polo 
still a focal point, the issue has turned to the valid ity of women's 
athletics. 

It is important to note the views of one letter writer who, after 
posing a question about whether water polo is deserving of the 
same amount of coverage as " real, spectator-drawing sports," 
stated: "Add to this the fact that it was only a women's team, 
hardly a competitive venue." 

Only a women's team? Hardly competitive? 
Hard to believe. 
It is difficult to judge the overall intensity level in women's 

sports, but in many cases the competition is equally fierce, the 
victories just as rewarding, and the defeats as hard to swallow as 
in men's competition. It would be impossible to convince female 
athletes that their competition is merely for pleasure and just a 
game. 

As for the UCSD women's water polo team, its undefeated 
season not only included victories over UC B erkeley, tight wins 
over perennial nemesis UC Santa Barbara, and a resounding 23-
1 drubbing of Stanford, but a couple of victories over male high 
school club teams as well . In an exhibition game, the women a]so 
tied the UCSD men's j unior varsity water polo team. 

The question of whether there is sufficient media coverage of 
women's water polo - which originally stirred this debate - is 
a valid one. While it would be nice to think that the apathy on this 
campus is only the opinion of a small handful of letter writers -
some perhaps with personal vendettas - the fact that UCSD 
sports compete mostly in Division III of NCAA athletics may 
contribute to the apathetic majority. 

Regardless, this is not the time to debate the possibilites of 
Triton athletics making the jump to DiVis ion I or IT, but rather to 
question whether it is fair to attack women's sports, and UCSD 
women's water polo in particular, after the team brings home a 
national championship. Granted, there are not nearly as many 
intercollegiate women's water polo teams around the country 
than, say, college basketball teams, but a national championship 
is a national championship - a great accomplishment any way 
you look at it. Students should not belittle the feats of women who 
worked hard, played hard, and won. 

While the questions centering around apathy towards intercol-
legiate athletics at this school and the media coverage which 
accompanies it perhaps should be topics of debate, the issue of 
whether women's sportS are competitive should not be. 

lt is particularly unfortunate that a ll of this had to e calate at 
the expense of the national c hampion women's wate r polo team. 

A Compromise Solution to the Co-op Issue 
Editor: 

With the deadline for a co-op 
lease agreement rapidly approach-
ing,I feel itlhe appropriate time to 
offer a compromise solution that 
might bring this two year contro-
versy to a close. 

From my perspective, while the 
ownership of the locks forms part 
of the co-op's reluctance to sign 
the current lease agreement , the 
primary concern lies in the advi-
ory status of the University Cen-

ter Board in relation to the univer-
sity. I realize, after extensive re-
search on univers ity policy, why 
it may be difficult for you to 
sympathize with these students 
when you are only asking that an 
existing policy be adhered to. 

You must, however, also real-
i ze that their concerns stem from a 
long history of adversarial con-
frontations with the university. 
While I'm sure you are confident 
that you would never abuse the 
power that an advisory board 
grants, for others who are not 
familiar with our intentions or 
those of other in this administra-
tion, anxieties are easily fostered 
of what might or could be done 
under the worst circumstances. 

From the administrative per-
specti ve, I can understand the need 
tomaintain a check on the Univer-
sity Center Board's power for 
hypothetical acts that might vio-
late university policy or place the 
university in a situation where it 
might be legally liable. Yet, under 
the same logic, many students 
might feel more appeased if they 
knew there existed some form of a 
check on the power of administra-
tors who might under these same 
hypothetical circumstances act 
against the students' best inter-
ests. Weight must be given to the 
fact that these facilities are paid 
for by student fees, in addition to 
the fact that it has always been 
University policy that students be 
given the leaming experience of 
running their own affairs. 

To resolve these concerns that 
have inhibited the resolution of 

BENSON 

other matters , I will be submitting 
amendments to the University 
Center Board Charter. In cases 
where the University Center Board 
is overridden in its decisions, yet 
still feels justified that its actions 
do not violate university policy 
nor jeopardize the university in 
any way, a grievance board will 
be created of five members of the 
A.S. Judicial Board, and six mem-
bers of the Academic Senate to 
offer a forum of arbitration . This 
brings students and faculty into 
the future conflicts that the Uni-
versity Center Board and the 
Administratic n may not be able to 
resolve on their own. 

This should in no way be seen 
as a threat to the uni versity ' s needs 
to protect its well being. Addi-
tionally. I am confident it will al 0 
clear the way for a resolution of 
the current matter over the owner-
ship of the co-op locks. My solu-
tion in this matter will include 
having the locks be university 
approved as co-ops have re-
quested, with three wax sealed 
keys provided to the university for 
entrance in times of emergency. 
The wax sealed keys will answer 
the concerns expressed by the co-
ops of unwarranted break -ins since 
fingerprints will be left of anyone 
who attempts to use them. Addi-
tionally , a committee will be 
formed of a majority of co-op 

members to deal with any further 
questions of key issuance. Only 
the signature of the Chair of this 
committee will authorize any 
additional keys to be made at the 
univers ity lock shop. 

I am aware of and respect past 
efforts to resolve this matter. 
However, the students do have 
legitimate concerns and I am sure 
the Administration will agree that 
a compromise on both sides is 
ultimately the best solution. As 
A.S. President, I must represent 
all student needs. 

Along these lines, I can not 
accept eviction as any type of 
good faith resolution to this mat-
ter. If such an unfo rtunate situ-
ation were to come about, I must 
inform the Administration that I 
will act on behalf of the co-ops 
and instruct my University Cen-
ter Board representative not to 
reallocate any oftheevicted space. 

In addition, regardless of my 
actions as A.S. President, outside 
pressure in the form of negative 
media attention can most likely 
be expected. This is not intended 
to be a threat and should not be 
viewed as such. Nevertheless, it is 
my sincerest hope that this matter 
can promptly be resolved without 
reaching such an undesired level. 

John Edson 
President 

UCSD Associated Students 

Parking Attendants at Risk 
Editor: 

On several occasions during the past few months, I have left campus 
late in the evening. I am always appalled when I see the students at the 
various entrances to the campus standing in the cold and dark to collect 
evening parking fees . Many of these entrances are in desolate areas. 
Surely the safety of our students is worth more than the few dollars this 
practice brings the university. Why must we wait until something 
dreadful happens at one of these. outposts before we consider the health 
and safety of these youngsters? 

Most campuses in this city have armed adults in enclosed facilities 
manning their campus entrances to collect evening parking fees , not 
defenseless, inexperienced students. It isn't worth the risk we are taking 
with their safety. Please reconsiderthis practice. Either build safe, well-
lighted facilities and staff them with experienced adults who are trained 
in protection, or discontinue with the night parking fees. 

Pat Stewart 

Thursday, May 24,1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Don't Blame Vietnam Veterans 
Editor: 

While I agree with Jennifer Danek's 
assertion that the horror and evil which is 
war has become an acceptable part of soci-
ety, I find myself wondering what, besides 
the First Amendment , gives her the right to 
make a generalization that all the people 
whose names are inscribed on the Vietnam 
Memorial " murdered at the will of the 
government?" 

Would a military doctor or nurse who 
probably saved as many North Vietnamese 
soldiers as American soldiers and who also 
worked in Vietnamese hospitals treating 
civilian casualties from both sides, only to 
be blown to pieces by a Viet Cong booby 
trap be considered a murderer? There are 
several such people on the memorial. How 
about the chaplains of every faith and de-
nomination who tried to help thousands of 
people our age or younger who probably 
had no opportunity to see what life really 
should be like, live with some of the things 
they had to do just to stay alive? Many of 
them also have their names on the Wall. 

How about the person who became a 
military mechanic or combat engineer so he 
could learn some skills to carry him (or her) 
through life, only to be caught in the wrong 
place at the wrong time? They probably 
didn' t have any other way to make a living! 
How about the man who, because he's 
always wanted to fly, became an aviator 
and was sent to Vietnam in a Huey or an F-
4 or a B-52 only to see himself and his 
dreams go down in flames over the last 
place he'd ~ver expected to go? 

How about all the people who didn ' t 
have enough money to go to college and 
protest against the war who ended up in a 
situation where they had to kill people or be 
killed themselves? How about those who 
were killed saving the lives of noncombat-
ants caught in the line of fire, or those killed 
because the policy of their government 
prohibited them from adequately defend-
ing themselves? They're all there on the 
memorial, and, by Ms. Danek's standards, 
they were all murdered because most of the 
North Vietnamese were murderers, too. 

But are these people really murderers? I 
think not. The vast majority of them were 
simply doing what they could to survive. 
And would ittruly have been good forthem 
to desert their posts or dodge the draft? 
Again, I think not, because if the govern-
ment were really intent on pursuing the war 
effort there would be a forced draft and 
people would be forcibly dragooned into 
service. The historical advent ofthe volun-
teer army has actually allowed by its very 
existence the freedom of choice and of 
expression which the peace movement 
cherishes and exploits so much. 

If it weren 't for people who sacrifice 
their rights and, often, their lives so that 
others would not be forced to gi ve them up, 

t~e peace movement as it exists today sim-
ply could not exist. Probably to the surprise 
and, quite possibly, the consternation of 
those who would portray the military as a 
fraternity of butchers, most soldiers (and I 
use the title as a generalization to cover all 
of the armed forces) do not actually approve 
of killing for the snake of foreign policy. A 
soldier kills to keep himself and those he is 
charged to defend from being killed, and he 
is sent into combat under the assumption 
that he must kill by the government. People 
who seem to enjoy this aspect of military 

life ar either I) the ones most frightened by 
it trying to put up a front , or 2) not destined 
to have a very long military career at the 
very best. The terrible atrocity of My Lai 
was simply an incident where the system 
designed to prevent such atrocities failed, 
yet another indication of just how botched 
the policies which got the United States 
involved were. 

And, to address the inevitable analogies: 
the Germans placed in charge of the Nazi 
death camps were chosen " politically reli-
able" men whom Hitler knew he could 
count on to do his evil bidding. The average 
Gennan soldier probably did not even know 
what was happening, and many of Hitler' s 
top staff officers (to include Irwin Rommel 
and no small portion of the old German 
aristocracy) expressed serious misgivings 
about this and other policies of Hitler and 
conspired to assassinate him. In addition 
there is evidence that many of the guards in 
the death camps actually aided escapes by 
prisoners. As for the events of Tiananmen 
Square last year, the Chinese soldiers in-
volved were nothing more than the chosen 
"politically correct" henchmen of the Pre-
mier himself. Recall also the numerous 
reports of muti ny and attempts at mutiny by 
various Chinese army units which included 
many top staff officers. 

I write this not to defend the act of war. 
War is the most evil of mankind's accom-
plishments and as long as human beings run 
things it is inevitable. The war in Vietnam 
in particular is an example of the stupidity 
and questionable policy making perpetrated 
by the same people who gave us McCarthy-
ism, loyalty oaths and lists of "known sub-
versives." The men and women of the 
Vietnam Memorial were not murderers. 
Soldiers do not stan wars - they do their 
damndest to try and end them quickly be-
cause they're the ones who are getting killed. 
Governments start wars, and it is to this 
extent that people are apathetic - by not 
participating in government they forfeit their 
greatest resource to control government 
policy. 

Look at it this way: if there weren't 
people willing to sacrifice their rights and 
their free will rcgardless of the validity of 
the cause, nobody would be able to com-
plain because they would have been forced 
to give up their freedoms. The names on 
that wall in Washington are those of heroes 
who were also victims who gave their lives 
to keep the rest of us from being forcibly 
stuffed into a meat grinder by a government 
whose motives may not have ~n entirely 
pure. 

Those who saw fit to serve their country , 
those who saw fit to protest the war, and the 
Vietnamese people as a whole were all 
victims. The only murderers were the old 
men on both sides, who sat in nice air-
conditioned buildings thousands of miles 
away I3S they sent their children off to kill 
each other over a matter of policy. In the 
end, this means that we as a people are 
responsible because the ones really doing 
the killing remained in office! 

Yes, there is a serious problem with 
apathy in this country. But to blame the 
victims of our mistakes would be like blam-
ing a construction worker for a mistake 
made by the architect. Before you condemn 
people as murderers, first look for your own 
culpability. 

Steve Condrey 

Thanks For the Helpful Tips 
Editor: 

After six months of eviction threats by the administration, it was nice to see you 
finally supporting UCSD's co-ops ("The Way to Autonomy," May 21). However. I 
am puzzled that you chose to offer advice on ways to fight for students' rights, since 
this is an area in which the Guardian has absolutely no experience. 

Andy Howard 

Interview Was Unfair, Inaccurate 
Editor: 

I am writing in response to Lara 
Heisler and Jennifer Yancey' s interview 
and discussion of Anthony Kiedis ("We 
Do It When We Feel Like It," May 21). 

As the event director of Alpha Kappa 
Psi's Fiesta Bay Footrace, I have person-
ally been in contact with Anthony for 
months, and feel that he was unfairly 
ponrayed in the article. Heisler and 
Yancey go so far as to suggest such 
labels for him as "aloof' and "idiot." 

On the contrary, 1 consider Anthony 
to be friendly, humorous, helpful and, 
above all, a knowledgeable professional, 
not an idiot. He generously gave his 
valuable time to the event and smoothly 
incorporated the Footrace into his 91X 
live iotaview the nigbt before the race. 
He was careful to stay infonned about 
the event and spoke with me several 
times from New York during his tour 
last month. It is his conscientiousness. 

awareness and overall professionalism 
that has made him a success. To consider 
otherwise would be ignorant. 

Heisler and Yancey seem to pride 
themselves on having the "classic 
EfltJuirer style" and their inaccurate 
portrayal of Anthony suggests that they 
may be giving themselves too much 
credit. Moreover, the article takes the 
liberty to bore us with trivial complaints 
about the interview taking place at the 
"obscenehourof7 am," in chilly weather 
and, God forbid, in a 9lX van. 

I also feel that the questions asked 
were silly and inappropriate: Will the 
Chili· Peppers ever perform with Elton 
John or Paula Abdul in a Coke commer-
cial? Perhaps with a little more research 
on their celebrities. Heisler and Yancey 
will be able to conduct a professional 
quality interview that accurately por-
trays the individual. 

Stephen Dunham 

The Dark Reality of UCSD Labs 
Editor: 

On April 23, a small ad ran on page 4 of 
the Guardian entitled "Monkey Business at 
UCSD." This one small ad has raised a 
storm of controversy. It very briefly de-
scribed the experiments of Dr. Stuart Zola-
Morgan, a UCSD animal researcher. It told 
that he and over 250 other UCSD animal 
researchers do conduct experiments on over 
40,000 animals a year that are paid for with 
our tax dollars. 

UCSD researchers wish to continue busi-
ness as usual- behind closed doors, unac-
countable to the public that pays their sala-
ries. The publ ic at present has absolutely no 
idea what goes on behind the laboratory 
doors and the researchers prefer to keep it 
that way. 

Much of the general public dismisses the 
issue of animal experimentation with assur-
ances that, " it 's all to benefit human health 
and save human lives." 111e general public 
often sees researchers as gallant men in 
white, selflessly searching for the cure for 
cancer. The truth is, animal research is big 
business. Under the Reagan and Bush ad-
ministrations, funding for animal research 
has shown a consistent increase, while 
funding for public health programs has 
declined drastically. 

While prenatal care programs and drug 
abuse prevention programs are begging for 
money, UCSD ~ plenty of money to ex-
periment on pregnant sheep and tum rats 
into drug addicts. 80 percent of the funds 
doled out for animal research, according to 
the federal General Accounting Office, pays 
researcher salaries. A further amount goes 
into expense-paid trips to conferences. Many 
UCSD grants have more money budgeted 
for travel expenses than for animal care. 
With this federal subsidy which amounts to 
billions of dollars yearly (over 40 million to 
UCSD), it is no wonder that as many re-
searchers as possible want a slice of the 
federal tax-dollar pie. 

The researchers do not want you to know 
this. They also do not want you to know spe-
cifically what is being done at UCSD, or 
how the research animals live and die. The 
information is available only to those who 
have the time and energy to peruse scien-
tific journals and deal with the Freedom of 
Information Act. The following brief sam-
pling of animal experiments at UCSD is not 
from the vivid imagination of an animals 
activist, but from the journals themselves. 
David Bailey found that nude mice dipped 
in PCP absorbed less PCP if they were 
drunk. (Journal of Analytical Toxicology, 
1986 10(4». Dr. Mark Geyer has been 
investigating the effects of hallucinogens 
(LSD, mescaline, PCP, etc) on rats for years. 

A recent investigation found that rats on 
hallucinogens did not explore their envi-
ronment as much as drug-free rats. [Psy-
chopharmacology Berlin, 1989,98(3)]. WA 
Hillex and MR Denny placed rats in a maze 
and electrically shocked them if they made 
a mistake negotiating the maze. They 
admitted that their findings were no differ-
ent than those in a long series of similar 
studies that had begun in 1933. [Bulletin of 
the Psychonomic Sociery 1986, 24)]. James 
Deutsch has found that starved or pregnant 
rats prefer protein foods. [Physiology and 
Behavior, 1989 Oct. 46(4)] . Dr. Alan 
Hargens, after being prohibited from ex-
perimenting on giraffes at the Wild Animal 
Park due to the danger to the animals, flew 
to South Africa to experiment on their gi-
raffes. He was investigating why blood and 
fluid do not pool in agiraffe's legs. [Nature, 
1987329)]. 

Not only is much of the experimentation 
done on animals at UCSD so obviously 
wotthless, the lab animals have little pro-
tection. Only one federal law, the Animal 
Welfare Act, concerns the treatment of lab 
animals. Fully 95 percent of all lab animals 
are not covered under the act and do not 
receive even its minimal protection. The 
remai n ing five percent do not receive much. 

The act only covers the housekeeping 
and care of animals before and after re-
search. It specifically states that it does not 
apply to any animal undergoing experi-
mentation. The act is weakly enforced by 
the Department of Agriculture which does 
not wish to enforce the act and repeatedly 
asks that al\ funding for the act be cut. If 
deficiencies are found, they are allowed to 
go uncorrected for months and years. 

At U CSD. inspections underthe act have 
found dogs smeared with their own feces 
sitting in filthy pens, rabbits crammed into 
much too small cages, dogs being operated 
on in unsterile conditions, and seals being 
kept in small pools of dirty water. Animal 
researchers are exempt from all local and 
state cruelty statutes, as well. The UCSD 
Animal Subjects Committee, which is sup-
posed to monitor research at UCSD, is 
headed by the aforementioned Dr. Zola-
Morgan. The committee refuses to open its 
meetings to the public. UCSD has also 
firmly shut its doors to doctors and veteri-
narians who wish to inspect the animals. 
The press has only been given highly-struc-
tured tours where they see exactly what 
UCSD wants them to see. 

The truth, apparently, is too damning to 
be revealed. 

Cris Waller 



6 NEWS 

"ID Tacolime 
It's Time for the Besfn' 

FREE 
DRINK REFILLS 

Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

LII ...... Y1 ..... C ... , 

A.S. 
Continued from page 3 
programming and for film eries. 
The committee would assist A.S. 
Programmer Matt Schnurer. 

Some members felt that the 
committee was unnecessary and a 
misu e- of funding. Others, how-
ever, felt Ihal such a committee 
would be helpful to Schnurer and 
worth the expense. 

According 10 Vice President of 
Finance Sergio Langarica, Sch-
nurer is "supposed to have a com-
mittee to delegate power to." 

The council also debated over 
Edson's propo ed media budget 
of $49,600, which many members 
felt was too low. 

Edson proposed an amendment 

The U CSD Guardian 

to the amount , raising the media 
unallocated budget by $1,000. 

"We have three new media 
coming on this year. .. One thou-
sand dollars , in my mind, i an 
adequale compromise," Ed on 
said. 

MuirSophomoreSenatorSu an 
Ledwi lll submilled a second 
amendment, raising the budgel by 
$2,000 inslead of $1,000. 

"The election funds were in-
creased [by $2,000] because ' they 
always come back for $2,000 
more'" Led with sa id , quoting 
Edson. "Well,Mediaalwayscomes 
back for $2,000 more. Why can't 
we take care of it right now?" 

Ledwith's amendment 10 add 
$2,000 was passed, as was the en-
tire budget. 

---------------~' 

Thursday, May 24, 1990 

BAN: Committee Sends 
Plan To S.D. City Council 
Continued from page 1 
tor of B eer Drinkers of Amer-
ica, an organization that has 
4,000 members in San Diego, 
said the ban would needlessly 
punish moderate drinkers . . 

"The fact is that the majority 
of the adults in this country are 
beer drinkers ... . This action 
would uofairly [punish the 
majority] because of the irre-
sponsible actions of a sman 
number," Schreiber said. 

San Diego should spend 
money 011 alcohol education and 

"crack down on current abusers" 
instead of banning alcohol con-
sumption, he continued. 

Linda 10 Hardison, the owner 
of the Neighbor-Saver Food Store 
a few blocks from the beach, said 
area merchants and theircustom-
ers oppose outlawing alcohol al 
La Iolla Shores. 

"We feel La lolla Shores is 
being punished for greater prob-
lems at other beaches," Hardison 
said. "Don't take away the rights 
of a majority . .. enforce the law, 
that ' s all we ask." 

UCSD : i()Il!IT~ ()r= ~T. f7~l!M~I~ 
Student I 

Carl's Jr. Special : 
I I #47 I 
: BUY ONE WESTERN I 
I Bacon Cheeseburger : 
! r~FREE ! I I Valid at: 6788 Miramar Rd. I 

Just minutes from canuzus in Holiday Cmu:l. 
SAN DIEGO'S MOST UNIQUE LIQUOR STOllE 
• OUTSTANDING SELECTION OF FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC WtNES, 

BEERS. LIQUORS • INTERNATIONAL. OUT -OF-STATE NEWSPAPERS 
GOURMET FOODS FROM HOMEMADE TO DECADENT 

.LOTIO .LOTTERY .BUD'S SAN FRANCtSCO ICE CREAM PARLOR 

WE HAVE THE BEST SELECnON IN SAN DIEGO 
.MOVIE RENTALS .POPCORN .tMPORTED CHOCOLATES 

We packCllle and ship anywhere! 
FREE DELIVERY in La Jolla. Golden Trian,le 

area on all orders 0($35 and over 
I Coupon expires June 15, 1990. One offer per coupon. I I one coupon per customer per visit. Not valid with any ® 
I other offer or discOUnt. PrIce does not include tax. ca rl'B Jr. I 

OPEN: SUN.·THURS, 6 am-Mid., fRI.-SAT. 6 am-2 am 3251 Holiday Court all Villa La Jatla 455- 1414 

©CarllCarcher Entezprises, inc. 1990 .. L _____________________ --

Hyatt Regency La Jolla 
Celebrates the class of '90 
with a $125.00 
Graduation Package 0 
June 15-17 including 
a celebration bottle 0 
of champagne 

o 

o o 
o 0 

o 
o 

o 

Tum graduation 
into a weekend 
affair with our 
Sundar Brunch 

served tn Barcino 
Sunday June 17 
llam-2pm 

5 minutes from campus 
For reservations call 

(619) 552·1234 
1·800-233-1234 

HYATT REGENCyEnLAJOLLA 
3777 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE 

arts entertainment 

MAY 24,1990 
you Can Do What you Wanna Do 

IN LIVING COLOR GETS 
'TWO SNAPS UP' 

Wouldn 't it be refreshing if there was a television program 
(not cable, mind you, but regular TV.) that featured a black 
director, a black executive producer, a majority of black 
actors, and a format that would bring to light (in a lighthearted 
way) a variety of disconcerting, scandalous, or racist Issues? 

Such a program does exist, and I'm not talking about the 
"Cosby Show," The Fox network's new series, "In Uving Color" 
(lLC) , breaks new ground in many areas: first, as a show which 
often seems to be riding the censorship line, and secondly, as 
a show which allows black actors a previously unheard of way 
to express themselves on television. 

STORY By LARA HE ISLER 

ASSOCIate Arts & Entertainment Editor 

Fox touts this show as .. an Irreverent half-hour sketch comedy 
series", combining topical parodies with biting satire, U For 
anyone who has seen the series, this description rings true, Di-
rected and written by executive producer Keenen Ivory 
Wayans ("Hollywood Shuffle" and "I'm Gonna GitYou Sucka") 
the show Is progressive, thought provoking and really, really 
funny, 

In a recent telephone InteNlew, actress Kim Wayans de-
scribed the show as a "sketch comedy show with an en-
semble cast, It's a show with a different perspective, If you had 
to compare itto something, I guess It would be 'Saturday Night 
Uve: but It really Is different, We have no guest host, and we 
have this certain punch",," 

And that punch hits hard. Recent skits have featured some 
eyebrow raising comedy, "Riding Miss Daisy" as Wayans her-
self puts it, "plays with language and gives 'riding' a whole 
new meaning." 

(I-r) Back: Jim Carrey, Tommy Davidson, Kelly Coffield, Damon Wayans, David Alan 
Grier; Front: Kim Coles, Keenen Ivory Wayans, T'Keyah Crystal Keymah, Kim Wayans. 

r---__ 

The cast of 'In Living Color, ' reclining gracefully in between takes. 

"Men on Art/Film," a bit which has appeared more than 
once, introduces two flamboyantly gay men who review art 
and movies, giving those which feature men "two snaps Up", 
As potentially offensive as this may sound, Wayans c la ims, 
"Homosexuals love it. They are part of our society, and (there 's 
nothing wrong with) two gay men doing their job, It's hilarious, 
hysterical, 'two snaps up,' Every gay man we've run into loves 
It - it's a celebration of their gayness. The Jokes are d irected 
towards homosexuals, N 

Another staple sketch that could conceivably be labeled 
raCist Is "The Homeboys Shoppln' Network, n which portrays 
two black men selling stolen goods out of the back of a 
moving truck. Wayans argues, "If people only want to see 
blacks In a shirt and a tie on a sitcom, this isn 't the show for 
them. We run the entire gamut (from good guy to bad guy) _" 

ILC has received criticism for helping to perpetuate stere-
otypes about the black community, largely because of this 
unwillingness to stick to what Is considered "safe" comedy. In 
response to the accusation that the show is indeed racist, 
Wayans turns the criticism around: "I think the show is really a 
wonderful thing. It gives black people an opportunity to break 
away from always playing 'best buddy' roles in white sitcoms. 
This show is a great step for us, as we have an opportunity to 
poke fun and make light of the world we live in, I mean, we live 
In a society where the biggest joke is the vice president ." 

It is inevitable that any time satire and parody come to-
gether, toes get stepped on. Sometimes it is hard to define 
what is 'tasteful ' and what is not. In one skit, Wayans imperson-
ated Oprah Winfrey in a take-off on her talk show, During this 
sequence, Wayans (as Oprah) began as a svelte, sympa-
thetic host, who balloons to an obese, emotional wreck who 
munches on drumsticks and sits on guests' laps and cries, How 
would Wayans react if Oprah called and said that the parody 
really hurt her feelings? 

"I would say, 'I'm sorry that you found it offensive, Oprah, but 
when you become a public figure, people would parody you. ' 
Comedy is not always nice - it has to have an edge. Feathers 

See COLOR, page 4 

, II)',I( j( t~11, 'vvf'ck" c) ,,)(' 

Music: . 
Jude Cole: Not just 
preHy-boyartiste. 

another 
P4 

Theater: 
La Jolla Playhouse lives up to 
Chekhov's expectations. P3 



• J , 
. 11, 

To tell you the tMh, beer etiquette is a contradiction in 
terms. Beer games are often rude, and players even ruder. In an 
attempt to curb such incivility, an altogether arbitrary sec of 
rules has evolved among veteran beer garners. Well, actually, 
the real point is that the more ru1es players have to obey, the 
more infractions they make, and the more bel!f they drink. And 
this, after all, is the whole idea in the first place. 

Rule #1: No Pointing: Since pointing is one of the most 
common things to do, especially when identifying players who 
bLunder, there naturally must he a rule against it. Anyone who 
points with his/her finger must take a swig from his/her beer. 
The only acceptable way to point is with a bent elbow. TIllS 
practice originated with the game Whales Tails. The idea is that 
whales don't have fingers, so they would have to point with a 
flipper. When a person pointS with their elbow, it resembles a 
whale pointing with their flipper. Sott of. 

NEXT WEEK - RU LE #2 
Party Safe - Don't Drink and Drive 
n.. GuMdlMI doN not condone the COIIIUIIIpIIon oIlIIcohoi by mIncJra. 
Reprinted with pennisoion from The Complete Book of Beer Drinkm, 
~ by Rand. Griscom, aDd Johnston. ~ \989. Available lIr ~ or 
from Mustang PubUshing. PO Box '9327, New Haven, cr 065)) ($5.95 plw 
$150 postage). 

Mira Mesa 7: Iclwarels We.t 1h .. ten 
566-1917 

Bird On A Wire Back to the Future III 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 
Pretty Woman Cadillac Man 

University Towne Centre 6 
452-7766 
Bird On A Wire 

Back To The Future III 
The Cook, The Thief, His Wife & Her Lover 

La .Iolla Village Theaten 
453·7831 

Longtime Companion Fire Birds 
Cadillac Man PreHy W oman 

K.n CI •• __ 283-5909 
May 25-26: Tales From The Gimli Hospital 

May 27·28: The Brave Little Tooster 
May 29·30: A Rustling of leaves 

Eve ry Fri. & Sat. at MI .... llht: 
Rocky Horror Picture .... w 

IS GRADUATE RESEARCH ABROAD 
IN YOUR FUTURE??? 
Fulbrj~ht International Research Program 

applications are now available for the 1991-92 
academic year! 

Find out what it takes to be a Fulbright Scholar! 

APPLICATION INFORMATION MEETING 
Wednesday, May 30, 3:~:30 p.m. 

Gallery "A", Price Center 
(above the theatre) 

Call x~ for more detail • . 
SponlOred by the Office of Gradult. Stud le. and Re .. arch 

~11e Local s~ 
By D ANIEUE H AYMAN 
Contributing Writer 

Punk i punk, right! It all sounds the same: 
100 mph-driven blasts ofloud, harsh, bombastic 
noise. Local punk group Milestone strives to 
abandon that characterization and develop an 
original sound all their own: "Loud, proud and 
nuclear." 

"Our concept is to really come 

to other artists. They hope that the various influ-
ences hit home on their own. With a guitarist 
interested in jazz and blues, a self-taught bassist, a 
Wyoming drummer who loves to "abuse" his kit, 
and a singer with sledgehammer vocal chords, 
punk fans can appreciate the diversity in 
Milestone's brand of music. 

"Every kind of music is an influence," Maggio 
said. "It could be positive ornegative. I could hear 
something and know I don't want to 

down hard and power-
ful. We don't want to 
sell out to the clich&l 

Milestone 
sound like that. I tend 
to listen to a lot of earl y 
'80s punk like Black 

punk sound," guitarist and founding member 
Chris Maggio said in a recent interview. 
Milestone originated two years ago, and was 
previously fronted by MiLo Aukerman (formerly 
with the Descendants) . Milestone regrouped 
four months ago when drummer Bill Reed and 
vocalist Matt Page joined Maggio and bassist 
Jovi Butts. 

Since the change in band members, the music 
has only improved. With the added influences of 
Reed and Page, combined with tighter music 
from the original members, Milestone's sound is 
constantly improving. Last year, Aukerman was 
the primary songwriter, but since his departure, 
Butts and Maggio have filled his pLace as the 
lyricists. 

"Of course, the sound has changed in that 
Mart's singing style is different than Milo's, but 
apart from that our music hasn't changed too 
much." Maggio explained. 

The band is reluctant to compare themselves 

Vocalist Matt Page in action. 

Flag." 
Harsh, rocking songs share the same stage as 

some powerful, but melodic numbers. Reed de-
scribes the differences in their songs: "Some are 
fast and hard, some weird and trippy, some are 
slow and scary. We cover a lot of ground and a lot 
of emotions." 

Playing live, the band "just goes for it," Maggio 
said. The idea is to be straigh t forward, communi-
cate the music, and above all, make performing 
fun. They're not a visual group. The explosive 
grooves speak for themselves. Some favorites in-
clude the harsh and dense sounding "Moon walk-
ing On the Cheese Grater," the psychotic and 
hard driving"ZO Leagues Under the Sea," and the 
slow, lurching punk of "Creeping Charlie." 

Summer will see the arrival of a 13-song tape 
from the quartet. They have played The Triton 
Pub, many "alternative scene" parties, the L.A. 
Anti Club, and are on their way up for a stint in 
Berkeley next week. 

Photo by Joanna Ip 

\ 
\ 

Dt Mattia'. PIzza 6: Puta Cafe 
in Costa Verde Cen ter, 2nd Level CAlL 455-5211 Directly across from University Towne Center 

Playing With Serious Comedy 

'Cherry Orchard' Proves Fruitful 
By M ICHAEL ScHWARTZ 
Staff Writer 

It seems impossible to believe. Anton 
Chekhov wrote "The Cherry Orchard" 86 
years ago, but it could have been yesterday. 
Beautiful trees are being cut down. Russia is 
on the verge of fantastic changes. 

Chekhov was not writing only about the 
declining gentry of turn-of-the-century 
Russians who must sell their orchard to pay 
off debts. In his masterful way, the play-
wright makes us see ourseLves in everyone of 

his characters. 
'" love Chekhov," actor Peter Frechette 

announced in a recent interview. "He's my 
very favorite writer in all ofliterature . This 
is his best play. This might be the best play 
in all of dramatic literature." 

Frechette, who is playing Trofimov in 
the current La Jolla Playhouse production 
of "The Cherry Orchard," recently became 
the first man to be shown in bed with 
another man on television's "thirtysom-
ething." His most noted achievement to 

date is a Tony nomination for last year's por-
trayal of Drew, a gay painter, in Broadway's 
"Easter Standard." 

"It's a brilliant play and I loved being in 
it," Frechette mused. "I didn't know it was 
erupting when it was erupting. I remember 
all the works I've done from the way it felt 
to be the character and nonhe hype of it all. 

"The cherry orchard is its own beautiful 
piece of land. The whole of Russia is ours 
and everybody else's and it's beautiful. So 
many people in the play spend the whole 
play not appreciating or even seeing the 
immediate world, or appreciating the people 
around them that they say they love," he 
said. 

Frechette continued, "I guess the audi-
ence will leave the play with a really solid 
appreciation of life [and) see it with a really 
clear sense of vision. 

"I get a little joy from problem solving, 
but great playwriting 
poses so many prob-
lems, you have to re-
lax yourself and not 
fill yourself with total 
frustration . That 
makes it totally re-
warding when you 
find the world of the 
play." 

Lanaer/La Jol/a Playhouse 
(/-r, foreground) Lynn Redgrave as Lyubov Ranevskaya and Peter Frechette as Pyotr TroFimov. 

The production at 
the Playhouse not 
only solves the prob-
lerns, but provides in-
tricately beautiful 
solutions . T om 
Moore, best known as 
director of the Broad-
way musical "Grease, " 
has brought together 
a fantastic ensemble 
of actors. 

OAltFlELD: 0 1971. Unioed ....... s,....-. ""'. 

GRADUATE IN "SUITE" STYLE 
JUNE 17, 1990 

EMBASSY 
--'1"--

SllJ~~S~ 
SPECIAL UCSD GRADUATE RATE $89 00• 1-4persons.persulte • I ~ tax applIes 
• Luxurious two-room suite with wet bar, 

refrigerator, and microwave oven 
• Full free cooked-to-order breakfast 

Lynn Redgrave provides a rich portrayal 
of Lyubov, bringing out the pathos of a 
woman who doesn't realize the beauty of 
what she has until it is gone. She is sup-
ported by a group of actors stunning in their 
ability to bring a character to a vivid reality. 

Standing out in a pack of professionals 
are Robert Comthwaite as Firs, the bab-
bling, yet touching remnant of the old life, 
and UCSDgraduatestudent Zaraawar Mistry 
as the humorous Yasha. Mark Harelik de-
serves specia l credit as well. delivering 
Lopakhin's climactic monologue with the 
stunning impact of a man drunk from both 
wine and power. 

Moore's direction is perfectly concise, 
assisted greatly by a simple, yet eloquent 
.modem translation by Elisaveta Lavrova. 
Chekhov was outraged by Stanislavsky's 
melancholy direction of the works, billed by 
the writer as a comedy. Moore stays true to 
the author's intention, bringing out the 
comedy of the tragic ironies of life. His pro-
duction confirms why Chekhov is consid-
ered by many to be the best modem drama-
tist. 

In addition to the successes of the d irec-
tor and actors, the design team has created 
a wonderously beautiful environment. De-
signed by Tony-award-winner Heidi Lan-
desman and based on Russian lace patterns, 
the effective set features a large view of the 
orchard throughout the performance. From 
costume design to lighting and sound, there 
are no weak links - only strongly-forged 
ones in the technical chain of the produc-
tion. 

In usual La Jolla Playhouse attention to 
detail, original music has been composed by 
John McKinney and Mel Marvin specifi-
cally for the production. 

In a time when many profesSional thea-
See ORCHARD, page 6 

E! 
5% OFF ALL RIC every .mornlng • Free cocktails for two hours each evenlnc tt 

• Swimming pool, whirlpool, sauna, and sundeck 
• 2 miles from the UCSD campus 
·Prlce /5 per suite. per nfll/lt. IJ()(J based on aVBllllbllity. 
t t Subject to state and IoeBIIBWS 

For R ... rvatlons Call 
(819) 413-0400 

Embassy Suites Hotel - La Jolla, 4550 La Jolla Village Dr., 
San Diego, CA 92122, (619) 453-0400 

: ~ j I} \ ~ i r ". \ 1 '\ \,. • .: ) • \ 

IMPORT$~::·· 
} .;. 



'Oh Mickey You're So Fine' ... Oops, We Mean, 

'Hey Jude ... ' 
Bv HElENA LENG lOH 
Associate A&E Editor 

Picture a younger, friendlier, well-inten-
tioned Mickey Rourke. That's Jude Cole. 

No, wait. don't picture that. Because 
Jude Cole doesn't want to be a big-shot pin-
up rock star. He just wants to make music. 

No spoiled rotten 
rock star demands 

bling ground: the no man's or woman's land 
between the sexes, the land of complex and 
confusing modem relationships. 

The twenty-nine-year-old singer writes 
intelligently of personal issues, touching on 
them with lyrical sensitivity and artistry. 
"Through the shadows, dark as shame/l can 

till hear your 

from this guy, despite 
the fact that "Baby 
It's Tonight" - the 
first single from his 
second Reprise/ 
Wamer Bros. album 

I don't care to be someone 
that people put up on their 
wall and go, 'Aaah ... ' 

voicefallingdown 
with the rain/ 
Washing memo-
ries from the trees/ 
'Til this road's 
covered over and 
lost in the leaves," 

A View From 3rd 
Street - is currently 
Number 5 on BilIboard's Album Rock Chart. 

When Hiatus showed up late for an 
interview with him at the Warner Bros. 
offices in Burbank, Cole just kicked back 
with some microwave popcorn and mineral 
water and waited, quite patiently, for us to 
get our bearings. It was his last interview of 
the day, on a Friday, and he waited for us. 
N ice guy. He even let us take pictures, after 
first protesting that he isn't photogenic. 
What, Mickey Rourke not photogenic? 
Oops, sorry, didn't mean to bring that up 

Color 
Continued from page 1 
get ruffled. Sometimes someone gets hurt. 
But that is part of the job. You just gotta take 
it on the chin and keep on going," Wayans 
explained. 

"With comedy you can't be so touchy. If 

-Jude Cole 

"Hallowed Ground." 

he sings in 3rd 
Street's opener, 

Cole wrote all the songs on the album 
while living in a second-floor apartment off 
of Third Street in Los Angeles - hence the 
album's name and the pervading personal 
theme. He explained, "Los Angeles to me 
represents a lot of things that I sing about, 
mainly coming from a relationship point of 
view. Relationships are very hard to come 
by here, [especia\1y] stable ones. They're 
usually 

~ID::lInY picture 
glee. 
.~~~~_lie:!1iOO,all team. I 

wltiMi"~lnd really get the 
show 
~~!!!!~"!!;!~!~,!, ..... ",~,,, a really 

it long enough 
to know that there's just no point to it. So I 
started to get rea\1y serious about my work." 

Although his name seems new to the 
music scene, Cole has actually been playing 
in bands for over a decade. As lead guitarist 
and co-lead singer0fMoon Martin and the 
Ravens. Co1e toured with The Police, Joe 

you say, '1 can't do this, that .. . because I am 
this, that, it gets very limiting. You just can't 
be overly sensitive. I would never do any-
thing mean spirited. It must be done in fun. 
I wouldn 't do anything where I felt, 'If this 
were me, I would die .. . .' True, a certain 
meanness is involved, but too mean - I 
wouldn't do it." she clarified. 

ILC is truly a unique and special show. It 

Jackson, and Blondie in the early '80s. His 
stint with the Ravens was followed by a 
period of playing guitar in backup bands for 
various Singers, in luding Dwight TWi\1ey 
and Del Shannon. 

That parr of his life is over, though. Cole 
maintains that he's left the wild road antics 
of rock bands far behind. Having traveled 
"the long road 'til I found/Each step took me 
further from where I was bound." Cole is 
ready to settle down. He's even engaged to 
be married. 

While he's still far from the white picket 
fence, station wagon, and 2.5 kids - and 
Mr. Rogers probably wouldn't approve of 
his earring, mussed hair. or stubble - Cole 
seems to be leaning towards a more mature 
stance in life. 

He acknowledged that while he appeals 
to women of all ages, his male audience is 
largely yuppies. "simply because of the ma-
ture lyric content of my songs. I don't think 
I'd appeal to guys who listen to Guns 'n' 
Roses. 

"And I'm not REM. I'm not an alterna-
tive type of artist. J think I can get that 
audience, [but) I just don't think they're 
going to get interested in me by my looks. or 
the way I present myself." 

At the very least, Cole deserves respect 
for his refusal to exploit his nacural "star" 
appeal. He could easily cap cure an audience 
with his casual magnetism. but he's chosen 
instead to let his music peak for itself. 

"I want people to remember my songs. 
Because, really, the songs are the most 
important thing," Cole explained. "If some-
body, fifty years from now, is humming one 
of my songs. I'd feel like I've contributed in 
my own way. I'm not out planting trees, but 
I contribute in my own way. 

"There's a million artists out there trying 
to fit through the same door right now," 
Cole said. "My approach is to sit back and 
coast through. I'm not fighting to make it 
into any door." 

Maybe someday people will be fighting 
to make it through Jude Cole's door . . 

Cory LldscblnlGuardiall 
Jude Cole: /I'm the guy in high school who had one page in the yearbook. ' 

is unlike anyting else their name is ridicu-
on the air. Perhaps one "Homosexuals love it. lous! It is a common 
element that vitalizes They are part of our phrase . it's public 
theshowisthefactthat society, and [there's domain. It is prepos-
five of the Wayans' are terous that they would 
involved in the show nothing wrong with] two think we stole from 
in one way or anomer. gay men doing their job. " them. I mean, it's like 
A family affair. the pro- -Kim Wayans saying'Heyman,that's 
gram has an intrinsic ______________ cool' belongs to one 
warmth and humor. person and no one else can use that expres-

"It is so fun to work with family. I really sian . I don't know what they will get, there 
love it. It is so natural to be together, and we are no grounds forth is accusation. You can't 
are really close. We always spend a lot of own a name." 
time together, and now it/s amazing- we're Since the show premiered in early April, 
gettingpaidforhavingsomuchfun,"Wayans it has been enjoying increasing popularity 
exclaimed. in its regular time slot on Saturday nights. 

"We're not at all cliquish," she contin- Perhaps the true mark of success for a show 
ued. "The entire cast gets along really well on Fox. ILC will move to Sunday (or 
and so does the crew. People feel comfort- "Simpsons") night, from 9:30 to 10 p.m., 
able. We're a loving family. There's a warm following "Married with Children." So this 
vibe at the set of ILC." Sunday night. tune in to Fox. 

"[But then againJ, we've only been to- Wayans invites, "If you are tired of the 

'In Living Color': The Wayans help make the show a family affair. 

gethertwomonths now."Wayanssheepishly same bland perspective and you want to 
admitted. tickle your side; if you want a show that will 

On a more serious note. ILC is facing a make you laugh out loud, that really pushes 
_ ......... u.· from the band Living Color. Way- the Iimils. that should be on cable, that is 

ans fumed, "Accusing us of having stolen really riotous - this is the show for you." 

4 HIA TlJ) MAY 2.1 10Q(i 

'Jacques BreI' Alive, But Not Well 
IV YVERfIE BotAv 
CONTRIIUTINQ WRITER 

"Jacques Brei is Alive and Well and 
Living in Paris," a '60s musical, is currently 
being performed at The Theatre in Old 
Town through June lO. Directed by Drew 
Tombrello and performed by students of the 
International Theatre Company of United 
States International University, this musi-
cal did little to convey the essence of the 
Vietnam era despite the potential shown by 
the extremely competent actors. 

The musical, 

and why they are desperate. 
The scenery also fails to capture its 

desired setting. In trying to portray an ac-
tive nightclub scene, the musical only had 
a black backdrop that gave no hint of any 
particular location. 

From time to time. slides were flashed 
upon the black backdrop, but these were 
not always clear and sometimes did not 
seem to relate to the song during which it 
was being shown. 

Despite the musical handicap, the ac-
tors performed very well. From the begin-

composed and writ-
ten by Parisian singer 
and social activist 
Jacques BreI. was first 
performed in 1968 in 
New York City. 

It was intended to 
reflect the politiCS 
and beliefs of the 

mEA~ "Jacqua BreI is AliVe and 
Well and Livmc In Paau."ne ~ 
in Old Town, Sen ~ State HistDrk 
Puk,4040TWWSSt., Wed.·s.t.8p .... 
Sun. 7 p.m., Sat. mel Sun. ~ 2 
p.m. Runnla& until June 10, Tk:keu 
$10,$12, and$IS. Toch8rge by phone, 
call 298-0081. 

ning, the actors' 
loudness and en-
thusiasm captured 
the audience. 

The actors 
were clear and au-
dible and ex-
pressed deep emo-
tions for the parts 
they played. 

time, but this version 
fails to do this. The musical consists of 
several songs with a diversity of themes 
ranging from love and loneliness to aggres-
sion and death - yet none of the songs lead 
to any clear cut direction. 

This lack of direction and purpose was 
further impacted by the fact that there was 
no dialogue between the songs to facilitate 
any connection between them or to unify 
the musical as a whole. 

As Melissa Anderson (playing Lolita 
Anderson) Sings "Timid Frieda," she por-
trays someone who has been exploited by 
sex and describes herself as "jaded and cyni-
cal." The song "The Desperate Ones." leaves 
one wondering who the desperate ones are 

However, de. 
spite the actors' talents and energies. it was 
hard to tell what the actors were express-
ing emotion for. 

This was not the fault of the acting, but 
ratherthe script, which fails to convey any 
messages. 

"Jacques Brei is Alive and Well and 
Living in Paris" also fails to recreate the 
politics and beliefs of 1968 as it intended, 
since it left out two very important move-
ments of the time - the civil right's 
movement and the women's movement. 
Perhaps in 1968 this musical was received 
differently, but today it leaves many ques-
tions unanswered concerning its purpose 
and meaning. 

•••••••••••••••••••• 

: UCSD SPECIAL! 
• " ... a warm, partj • 

AsJUUIIl [~ 
,... wput atmosphere ... for /?' • 
..... y serious pizza eaters ... " .... ~e?~) • 

· IP yee RIOJl JackWhlk, Channel 10 ~. • 
..... ' restaurant critic 

MoTh "am-Mic/. '--. • 
:i,':';;;:~ Tired o/the same 01' cardboard pizza? • 

l!:::=::.r:=I111111=- Call Bl's/or gourmet quality. • 
• r-----------r----------il • 
: 1'1°0 off I '2°0 off I : 
• I AllY MIDIUM IIIDA I AllY ...... fIUA I • 
• I I'letu.presenuoupoo when 0..."". I P/MM[1rfImI1 COU/J<>If .... orrim"ll. I. 
• L __ IU'IPizl.cria.UJo~ __ L __ IU'.~laJO~ _ _.J • 
: 8873ViUalaJoUaDr. laJo/la~il/agecellter 455·0662 : 
• UCSD's original Pizzeria Is still tbe bestl • 

f~>:plrcs 617M 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Green For Ireland 
IV PAULA CORREA 
CONTRlIUTI~ WRITER 

On April 29. Scott Ireland, singer/ 
guitarist of one of San Diego's up-and-
coming bands, the PullToys, broke his 
neck while filming a video for their song 
"Gasoline Mary." 

In order to help cover the high cost of' 
hospital fees, exhorbitant costs of sur-
gery, extensive tests, and treatment, a 
benefit show will be held Sunday, May 
27, at Iguana's by PullToys manager and 
FineHne Entertainment President Har-
lan Schiffman. 

The video was being shot on location 
at San Diego State University by gradu-
ate film students. For artistic effect, Ire-
land was reqUired to run through a win-
dow made of Hollywood stunt glass in a 
straightjacket. When the window failed 
to shatter, he bounced off ofit, crashed to 
the floor, and broke his neck. 

Ireland was immediately rushed to 
Mercy Hospital where he eventually 

underwent surgery on his neck. In addi-
tion to metal reinforcement, doctors took 
bone from his hip to replace the dam-
aged bone in his neck. He is expected to 
make a full recovery, although that will 
take quite some time. 

Presently at Sharps Rehabilitation 
Hospital, Ireland was transferred for 
physical therapy. Even though he is still 
weak, he is reportedly progressing 
quickly. 

The upcoming show will feature a 
mesh of well-known local artists: Daddy 
Longleggs. Night Soil Man, Burning 
Hands. This Reality. and Dark Globe. 
All of the groups have donated their 
time and energy to make a fellow artist's 
recovery more comfortable. 

CONCEIlTS: 0- For lreland at Iguona'., 
Sunday, May 1.7, 8:p.m.. Advance tic:1cm $6 
aYaIbbIe throuih Tick.etMalter, Lou's Rec-
oniI, _ Of the Record. Ticl<ea ar the d!xlr 
_$8. A1lproc:eedafrom the show will belppay 
hdmd'. mcdicaJ bill1. 

(I to r) PullToys Walter Bitts, Scott Ireland, and Tim Blankenship 

A.S. LECTURE NOTES 
IS HIRING!! 

A.S. Lecture Notes Service is now hiring notetakers 
for the Fall 1990 quarter. If you are motivated, 
like to set your own hours, and take clear, concise 
notes then a job as an ASLNS note taker might be 
for you. 

We are covering various classes in the 
following subjects: 

Anthropology Biology 
Chemistry Cognitive Science 
Communications CSE 
Economics 
Linguistics 
Physics 
Psychology 

History 
Philosophy 
Political Science 
Sociology 

If you are interested in a position as an 
ASLNS note taker , please stop by Career 

Services and pick up a job referral, and then 
stop by our office in the Old Student Center 

and pick up an application. 

i·\l l ' •• ~\/\\- .'11,,) 



~--------------------, • VALUABLE COUPON $395 $100 OFF 
BALLOON BOUQUET ANY PURCHASE 

Ten 11" Balloons OF 
or Ribbons $5 OR MORE 

Contemporary Greeting Cards and Gifts 

8650 Genessee Ave. 45 29 
Costa Verde Plaza, 2nd Level 0-9 1 L ____________________ ~ 

La Jolla 
(Q)llIl~ IBI®mJf ~1ln®1t® 

Open 6 days a week - Gone f"tShing on Sundays! 

6-minute 
Copy Prints 
7523 Fay Ave. (Vons Center) .£. 
.459-0696 

VIE S 
A HEAD 

HAIRCUTS 
by Mark 

W ........ $17 (reg. $25) 
M ... $14 (reg .. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

Perm ere Haircut or $50 
Highlight ere Haircut 

For appomtmtrlt. please taI/ 457-2930. 8950 JlU,. La JoIl. Dr., 
Ste. 2120, La Jolla (behind £1 Torito diretlly Otross ramp.) 

r~-------------------, I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

2 TANS 1 
One for You, One for a 

30 TAN DAYS · 
I TRIM & TAN· UCSD 3251 Holiday CI. • 455-0909 
1 __ -.:aCifiC Beach· Mission ValleY~lale College' Sports Arena ~ncinil~ __ 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 1 1 1 European Body Wrap - Only $48 
I Nol a lemporary water loss. Reduce celluile and slretch mar1ls. 

UCSD Celebrates Undergrad Arts 
Art at UCSD does not consist sole Iy of the Stewart 

Collection and vanous apple core/Coke bottle sculp-
tures popping up on lawns everywhere. 

The Undergraduate Arts Festival, runn ing through 
Friday, June 8, presents an opportunity to view the 
works of student artists. Presentations range from 
"environmental dances" to a stereoscopic art show. 

Also to be presented in the Undergraduate The-
atre Festival are a number of plays written, directed, 
acted, designed, and managed by undergraduate stu-
dents. 

"If something i needed to be done, the kids who 
are doing the festival must do it themselves," re-
marked Christi Subul, managing director for the 
Undergraduate Theatre Festival. 

Subul gave a brief synopsis of each play, all of 
which will be performed in the Warren Theatre: 

• "Real Women Ha ve Curves" : "It's a story about 
Chicanas working in the garment district of Los An-
geles and their problems. Issues to be explored are 
tho e offactory conditions, fat as a feminist issue, and 
the immigration amnesty law." 5/23, 8 p.m.; 5/25 , 8 
p.m.; 5/26, 2 p.m; 5/28, 8 p.m. 

• "Passages": "It's a one-act play about the lines 
that are drawn between those who have and those 

Visual Arts; 
• Photo Installation Exhibit II~ 

Mandeville East Room, 12-4 p.m., 
5/ 29-6/1, 6/4-7 

• Stereoscopic Art Show 
Mand. Annex Gallery, 3-6 p.m., 6/8 

• Video Image Arts Exhibition 
Price Center Gallery B. 12-5 p.m., 5/31-6/1 

• Outdoor Sculpture Installation 
Mand. Center, 9 a.m.-3 p.m., 6/6 

• v.A. Seniors Show 
Mand, Annex Gallery, 12-5 p.m., 5/29-6/1 

• V.A. All Student Show 
Mand. Annex Gallery, 12-5 p.m., 6/4-7 

• Receptions with artists 67'2'\ 
Mand. East Room, 8 p.m .• 5/29 ~ 
Price Center Gallery B, 6 p.m., 5/31 
Mand. East Room/Annex Gallery. 5 p.m., 
6/1 

Peterson Hall 108, 7 p.m .• 617 
Mandeville Annex Gallery, 8 p.m., 6/8 

performance; 
• An Evening of Dance ~ 

Mand. Adutorium. 8 p.m., 5/1 -2 ~ 

who have not. During the course of the production 
these lines are bent, and turned, and manipulated 
into different configurations." 5/24 , 8 p.m.; 5/26, 8 
p.m. 

• "Mexican Carpets" : "Another one-act play, a 
stimulating discourse in semiotics, fairy tales, my-
thology, and Elvis." Same dates and times as "Pas-
sages." 

• "Burying Alex": "Christmas, 1944. Pinewood, 
Ohio, at Our Lady of Perpetual Peace. The C un-
ningham family comes face to face with WW II as 
they gather to mourn the deathof their ventriloquist 
plumber fa ther, Cecil. A black comedy." Same dates 
and times as "Passages." 

"Producing a festival offour new plays was no easy 
task," Subul said. "It has meant long hours in the 
theater, leaving well past midnight. and returning 
early in the morning with little or no sleep. Some-
times it has seemed as ifit would be impossible to get 
the shows and ourselves where we n eeded to be by 
the opening day, but it always seems to work out in 
this fairy tale wo rld of theater. We were ready, and 
we did open. Maybe it means that we can sleep 
soon." 

o 
• Environmental Dance 

Price Center. 2 p.m .• 5/29 
Mand. Quad. 2 p.m., 5/31 

o • 

West Balcony/Main Gym, 11 :30 a.m. , 6/5 
Stonehenge, 2 p.m., 6/5 0 
Revelle Plaza, 2 p.m .• 617 

• New Music Forum • 
Recital Hall , 8 p.m., 5/30 

• Poetry Reading 
TCHB 142. 4 p.m., 5/31 

• Violin Concert 
Recital Hall, 8 p.m., 5/31 • 

• Thomas Knapp Guitar Recital 
Erickson Hall (B210), 8 p.m. , 6/2 

• Chamber Music 
Recital Hall. 8 p.m., 6/3 

• Gospel Choir 
Mand. Auditorium, 8 p.m., 6/5 

• Jazz Ensemble 
Mand. Auditorium, 8 p.m., 6/6 
$3/students. $5Igeneral 

• Wind Ensemble 
Mand. Auditorium, 8 p.m., 617, $1 

• Concert Choir 

o 

$6/students, $9/general • Recital Hall, 8 p.m., 6/8 

Orchard 
Continued from page 3 
ters shy away from classic works in 
order to deliver money-making 
musicals, the La Jolla Playhouse 
has crafted a work of unbelievable 
grace and grandeur. Artistic Di-
rector Des McAnuff has found a 
repeatedly successful strategy for 
producing great theater: bringing 
in the beSt in the business and 
letting them work together as an 
ensemble. La Jolla Playhouse is 

recognized as being among the best 
in the country. 

"The Cherry Orchard" contin-
ues at the Mandell W eiss until 
Sunday, J une 17. Performances are 
Tuesday-Sunday at 8 p .m., with 
matinees on Saturday and Sunday 
at 2 p.m. Tickets are $20-26 with 
student discounts available. Any 
remaining seats go on sale to stu-
dents for half-price one hour be-
fore curtain. 

The season continues over the 
summer with the world premiere 

of "life During Wartime," the 
musical itA Funny Thing Hap-
pened on the Way to the Forum," 
directed by McAnuff, the world 
premiere of "Don Quixote de La 
Jolla" with Geoff Hoyle, and the 
West Coast premiere of"MyChil-
dren! My Africa!" directed by 
playwright Athol Fugard. The 
season concludes in the Fall with 
Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night," 
also directed by McA~uff. 

For more information, call 534-
3960. L 

Call lor dewls • 2nd 30 Ian days $39.99 • First·tune clients EJpros 617190 ..I 
-------------------- -----------------------------------

REVELLE COLLEGE PRESENTS 

An 
Evening 
with 

Ray 
Bradbury: "Creativity Personified" 
8 p.m., TUESDAY, MAY 29, REVELLE CAFE 

LIDIA 
Offers 

Students 
15°k off 

Cuts 
by Jennifer 

7535 Girard 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

619/454-9651 

6 HIATlJS MAY2;t I(N() 

SIMON MIKHAEL 
IMMIGRATION ATTORNEY 
• Business visas for professionals and investors 
• Labor certifications 
• Asylum & deportation defense 
Fluent: Arabic and French 
Member: American Immigration Lawyers Association 

FREE INITIAL CONSULTATION 439-6895 
OceInside 2103 EJ Cmno Real. Suite 103A 439-6895 

SIn DIego , 10 Wts1 'C' Slreel. Suda 905 233~ 1 

Thursday, May 24, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 7 

GET INVOLVED IN VARIOUS 
STUDENT GOVERNMrnNT 

POSITIONS: 

Director of Development 
Lobby Annex Director 
Judicial Board Chair 
UCSA Representative 

Student Ad vocate 
Asst. Student Advocate 

Sports Relations Director 
Parliamentarian 

Municipal Director 
State Director 

AS Outreach Manager 

DON'T l\1ISS OUT! 
DEADLINE TO APPLY 

FRIDAY, MAY 25,1990 
4:00 pm in the A.S. Office, 

3rd Floor Price Center 

~ NO Down Payment 
~ NO Payment for 120 Days 
~ NO Interest for 90 Days 
~ NO Previous Credit Required 

"limited time financing program. Employment commitment required on approved credit. 

4433 Mission Bay Drive 
(between Grand and Balboa) 

581 .. 3200 

PHOTOS 
FOR GRADS. 

(AND OTHERS, TOO.) 
Get double prints of every color roll-every day! 

12 expo 
15 expo 
24 expo 
36 expo 

24 prints 
30 prints 
48 prints 
72 prints 

Standard Extra 
size large 

12.99 13.47 3.79 4.39 4.99 5 .95 6.99 8 .43 
Grad Pak Special 
May 24-June 17 

1 - 8x10 
2 - 5x7 

8 - wallet size 
Only $8.50 

(Offer good from color negative only. No slides. No limit.) 

THE SUNSHINE STORE 
Hours: 
Monday-Frid~ 7 a.m. - 10 p.m. 

Saturaay 9:~O a.m. - 10 p.m. 
Sunday 9:30 a.m. - 6 p.m. 

l '\j\TTlc;l'j" . "..1\1... I 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 24, 1990 

Features 
A 
WINNING 

RlENCE 
Nicaragua Photos Gain Time 
Magazine Award for Student 
• Story by Sangeeta Mehta 
Guardian Reporter 

Carlos Pinedo 

His efforts to capture a 
different view of Nicaragua 
have made one UCSD 
student a Time magazine 
award winner. 

Carlos Pinedo, 34, is one 
of 20 recipients nationwide 
of Time' s College Achieve-
ment Awards, which 
recognize college students' 
outstanding work in a par-

ticular area. Students competed in II different 
categories. Pinedo was the sole winner in the visual 
arts category. 

" For some categories, there were two to three win-
ners, for some there were none," Pinedo said. "But 
there were 20 winners in all ." 

Pinedo first heard about the contest during Fall 
Quarter. 

"In November of last year I noticed a poster here 
on campus that mentioned the contest. I thought I'd 
give it a shot. 

"I was hesitant; I didn't do anything for a few 
months," Pinedo admitted, "but in the back of my 
mind I thought it'd be great if I won. I realized that I 
had nothing to lose. 

"/1. few weeks later, they called me and said that I 
had won." 

Time presented Pinedo with a $3,000 award and 
an all-expense-paid trip to New York. "They really 
rolled out the red carpet," he said. 

Pinedo and the other winners went to the Hard 
Rock Cafe their first night in New York. They later 
took part in long photo sessions, met with Time 
editors, and attended a special ceremony and dinner 
in their honor. 

Since his return, Pinedo said that several articles 
have been written about him. 

The work Pinedo sent to Time consisted of a series 
of photographs of Nicaragua, where he spent the 
summer in 1986 and 1987. 

"I wanted to go to Nicaragua, for at that point, it 

PboIoaraph Courtesy of Carlos Pinedo 
Carlos Pinedo, a UCSD junior, photographed Nicaragua during the summers of 1986 and 1987. "I was 
free as to what I could do, where I could go - I tagged along with the soldiers, • he said. 
was the height pf the war. I wanted to see what was 
going on and also to photograph, and to capture a dif-
ferent view of Nicaragua," he said. 

" What we get here is a very one-sided view that 
makes [the Nicaraguan people] out to be the enemy; it 
[depicts] them to be terrible people when in reality I 
found them to be very friendly and open. 

"They are poor, humble people, struggling for 
survival, suffering because of the war. I wanted to 
ponray this, so I went all around to see what was 
happening and talked to people of all different levels ." 

Pinedo mentioned that he was able to wander 
through the war zone even though he did not have 
permission to do so. 

"I tried to get special permission," he said, "but it 
took so long. Finally I said, 'I'm going up there. '" 

"I was never stopped. I just told people what I was 
doing and they all welcomed it - they welcomed 
people from the U.S. to see what was happening. 

"I was free as to what I could do, where I could go 
- I tagged along with the soldiers," he said. 

Some of the pictures Pinedo took were of the 
soldiers he followed. 

"I rode in a boat with them on the Rio Coco," he 
explained, "and talked to them. There wasn't much 
difference between the soldiers and the other people. 
There was no feeling that they were authorities." 

Pinedo also took many pictures of children, for "50 
percent of the people in Nicaragua are under the age of 
15." 

The conditions in Nicaragua were a subject of 
much of Pinedo's photography as well . 

'Things haven ' t improved much today," he 
explained. "The supermarkets are either empty or 
stocked with the same things." 

Pinedo described a picture of Palacia Nacional , 
Nicaragua's White House, in Managua. 

'~All around you see the ruins which are a result of the 
earthquake in '72, when Somoza, a real cruel dictator, 
was in power. The Sandinistas took over in ' 79 but didn't 
have any money, so Managua looks like this today. 

See AWARD, page 9 

Education Important Factor in Avoiding Alcohol Abuse 
By RAMINE BAHRAMBEGI 
Guardian Reporter 

In most addictions, it is the excessive that 
leads to unpleasant consequences. In regard 
to alcohol abuse, nobody is immune, ac-
cording to experts. Anyone can be, either 
directly or indirectly, affected by alcohol-
i m. 

According to Dalynn Profitt, health edu-
cator at the Student Health Center, educa-
tion is still the most effective way to combat 
the effects of alcohol abuse, even if the same 

slogan~ are repeated over and over. 
People need to be exposed to the facts 

about alcoholi m a much as possible until 
the critical information is fully encoded in 
their brains, she said. 

Profitt said that attitudes about alcohol 
use are changing, although very slowly. 

Many incoming students drink during 
their first year in college. Although con-
sumption of alcohol by minors is prohibited 
in all areas of the on-campus housing facili-
ties, prohibition often does not prevent drink-
ing. 

Drinking i often regarded as a sign of 
independence and considered a chance to 
break out of a rigid environment. But prob-
lems can arise if people lose control over 
their drinking habits. 

According to the American Health Asso-
ciation (AliA), alcohol enters the blood-
stream 22 seconds after it is consumed. 

Alcohol acts as a depre sive and lows 
down body processes. It has no nutritional 

value or physiological benefit for the body. 
Alcohol has what is called " naked calories," 
which simply contribute to body weight, fat, 
and high blood pressure, according to the 
A.H.A. 

Alcohol also adversely affects the heart, 
liver, stomach, and nervous system. In addi-
tion, alcohol is re lated to some 60 diseases, 
including throat cancer and cancer of the 
mouth. 

Alcoholic beverages differ in their alco-
holic content. An ounce and half of distilled 
liquor (whiskey, gin, vodka, rum, etc.) is 
usually 86 to 100 proof or 43 percent to 50 
percent alcohol (the proof rating of a 
beverage is twice the alcohol percentage). 

There are many myths regardi ng alcohol 
u e. For example, some believe that alcohol 

increases sexual desire. In fact, according to 
the AHA, sexual arousal decreases in direct 
proportion to the amount of alcohol con-
sumed. Also, many feel that alcohol makes 
peoplemoresociable.According tothe AHA, 
however, alcoholics show low leve l of so-
cial skills. 

Despite the many efforts of health offi-
cials, drunk driving is still the leading cau e 
of death among people between the ages of 
18-24. 

Although stati ti cs show a slight decrease 
in the number of alcohol- related fatalities in 
the last couple of years, drunk driving fatali -
ties s till remain high.On Jan. I, the state of 
California lowered the blood alcohol level at 
which one can be arrested for drunk driving 
from .10 percent to .08 percent. 

Thursday, May 24, 1990 

AWARD 
Continued from page 8 

"1 take picture of people that 
[say] something about who they 
are in the world," Pinedo said. "And 
I think that we can learn from 
them." 

What Time magazine has 
learned from Pinedo's work is that 
he is a talented photographer. 

"I've gotten a lot of support 
from the people at Time. They were 
very excited with what I've done; 
I talked with many of the big shots 
there." 

But Pinedo does not intend to 
work for the publication. 

"Time is really a news maga-
zine looking for news events. I1ike 
to do feature type stories-not on-
the-moment news. National Geo-
graphic would be ideal," he said. 

"What I can do now after [re-
ceiving] this award is contact 
magazines. Having this award 
would get [me] more attention. 

"I could free lance for a while, 
and if! decide to go somewhere to 
coversomething, Icouldcall Time 
and ask if we could work some-
thing out. 

"One thing that's come out of 
this award is that I've gotten a lot 
of recognition," Pinedo said, 
"which has given me a lot more 
encouragement to do something 
with photography. 

"It just goes to show that even if 
there are heavy obstacles in your 
way, you can still go out and fulfill 
your dreams and be successful." 

Pinedo, who was born in Mex-
ico, and grew up in Chicago, said 
one of these "obstacles" was that 
"my parents don ' t speak English 
and are uneducated." 

Yet this obstacle indirectly 
sparked Pinedo's interest in pho-
tography. 

"When I was 12, I was in a 
department store with my parents; 
there was this guy demonstrating 
Polaroid. He stopped us and 
showed me how to use the camera 
because my parents don't speak 
English. 

"My job was to take pictures 
after that. I went to the library 
often and looked at books on how 
to take good photos. Then I bought 
my own camera and shot what-
ever. That's how it all staned." 

Pinedo explained that he also 
dropped out of high school at 16 
and "wandered around" for 10 
years. 

" I didn't have any money, and 
education; I didn't know what to 
do next. Then I felt that going back 
to school would be a smart move. 

" I had dropped out of school 14 
years previously. The thought of 
going back was scary. But when I 
found out that there was a photog-
raphy program at San Diego City 
College, it appealed to me - I 

See AWARD, page 12 
...-------" 

Full .. t ..................... $22 (/III. $30) 
Fills .......................... $12 (/III. $15) 
Manicure/pedicure .. $18 (/III. $22) 
FIM:h Manicure ..... $8 (l'1li. $10) 1--- ------, 
I $1 I 
I any nail repair I 
L ~~~. reg. $3 per nU~ .-J 

Forst·1ime clients only' Expires 7/1/90 
In Pacific Plaza next to Vons 

1724 Gamel, Pacific Beach ' 27G-4172 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD Summer Session 
has added the following courses: 
• First Session (July 2-August 3) 
Economics 100A: Microeconomics 
Economics 120A: Econometrics 
Psychology 102: Intra . to Sensation and 
Perception 
Psychology 183: Infancy 

• Second Session (August 6-September 7) 
AMES 10: FORTRAN fo r Eng ineers 
Chemistry 140B 
For further information . ohone the SUillmer 
Session Office at 534-4364 or 534-4365 

· .. ' .. ) 
.~ .E~'·· . :. , ; .. :, : .. : EGC 

FEATURES 9 

FREE 
COMPACT 

DISCS 
& TAPESI 

TRADE IN: 6 CASSETTES, GET 1 FREE COo 
2 CD'S, GET 1 FREE COo 
2 CASSETTES, GET 1 FREE COo 

• No hm,'. 011 opptovol, used CO's and lopes 

~ •• sIc .,.. .... -2 locations 

• 
7094 Miramar Rd., Miramar Plaza 
(comer of Distribution) 693-1469 
5728 El Cajon Blvd. 265-2274 

r----------------...... " •• _AUTOPORT MALL MI!!."~~!: 
AIIINTION 

WARREN 
STUDENTS 

W ANT TO MAKE NEW FRIENDS? MEET NEW 
PEOPlE? GET INVOLVED? WEU, IT'S NOT TOO 
lATEI PICK UP AN APPLICATION FOR WARREN 

COLLEGE STUDENT COUNCIL AND VARIOUS 
CAMPUS-WIDE COMMITTEES AT THE WARREN 
PROVOST OFFICE OR WARREN COMMONS. 

APPLICATION DIADLINlz 
WIDNISDAY, MAY 30 

"Kathy was very helpful and patient." 
"Stephanie Is great-you must keep her at all 
costs." 
"All the EECS tutors are very helpful." 
"Kassab has an Incredible knowledge of the 
material. " 
"Get m~re tutors. Expand. Grow. This is a 
great service. " 

Become an OASIS Tutor 
and They Could Be 
Talking about You. 

Become an OASIS tutor for math, bi4Xhem, economics, physics 
and ESE/eSE. Juniors and seniors with a 3 .0 GPA are eligible 
to become tutors . New tutors enroll In TEP 196 for four units . 
Upon completion of TEP 196, qualified tutors may be eligible to 
be hired as paid tutors ($8.33/Hr.) 
Apply now for Fall Quarter, '901 Pick up an application at Room 
1254, Galbraith Hall (formerly Humanities library). 

I~.rvlew with OASIS will be held Tueadlly, Sept. 25, 1990 
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at Galbraith Hal. 
For tIIrtMr Infonnatlon contKt: (611) 1534-2280 or ~ ext. 42280. 

10MS Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \lIN and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 

DISCOUNT-
with this ad • EXpires 6/7/90 

• Must pr9S8f'lt coupon and valid UCSO 10 at time ot estimate. 
Not valid with naJor engine or transmission repair$. 

rZI :ALL Ale tStJ 1450 94941 :!},ei'J. 
_.-

If Vou Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Vet, Ask Us For References. 
5&70 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

Math, Computer Science or 
Physics Graduates 

LlBRASCOPE has job openings for bright, energetiC 
people interested in working in the areas of 
Software System Design. Programming and 
Algorithm Deyelopment. 
Librascope is a leader in Anti-Submarine warfare 
algorithm development and offers a "small company" 
work environment with competitive salaries, benefits 
and flexible hours. Personal excellence is empha-
sized and employees are encouraged to work on a 
variety of projects from initial design to final testing 
and checkout. 

Come team with the best! 
Send resumes to: Librascope 

3065 Rosecrans Place, Suite 201 
San Diego, CA 92110 
ATTN: Lori Gadler 

Librascope 
An Equai Opportunity Employer 



10 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
CIaMIfIed eelvertlslng Is sold In 15-word 
Increments. The rate per 15 words Is $1 
for Itudents (parlonal UN only), $3 for 
faculty, IlIIff, and organizations, and 54 
for otharl. Payment In advance II 
required; therefore, ads must be mailed 
with a check (made payable to The UCSD 
GU8rdlan) or presented In person. 
Deadlines ara 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's paper and 3 p.m. Mondlly for 
Thuradlly's papar. Tha GuardlanreHrVIS 
the right to rafuse any advertising 
Including but not IImltad to 
companionship eel .. For more Information 
call 534-5416. The GU8rdlan, UCSD, B-
016, La Jolla, CA 92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI Jewish 
CampusConIersprovideswamrth,educ8lion,prayer. 
socIaNzing. Connect with Union of Jewish Studanlsl 
502 Matthews: USI Of lhe Price Ctnlor. Can Rabbi 
Siolnick. 534-252 1. (412-617) 

ScilolaraillpaiGranll lor college area available. 
Million, go unclaimed y.arty. Call 1-800-334-3881. 
(4112-617) 

Writing help1 Professional. private. meet your 
deadline, yourconveni.nce , money backguaran1.e. 
Jim 481-18,0. (4112-617) 

Grad-Nrte Party 81 Vic's 7825 Fay Ave. Champagna 
+ DrinkspocalsS31grads. $5Iolher. 9-2a.m. DeeJay-
(Y-!1 -5I24) 

Models (Iemalas) wanled lor modal S4arch '90 
ronte51 Winner \NiH receive a free professional 
modaing portfolio SmaR "'IIlstrailon lee. Call Usa 
Studio 51 '484-8663 (512'-5124) 

DISSERTATION COMPLETION WORKSHOPS. 
IndiviOJal end group S4,sIons. For Information caM 
!he PostgrrdJale Group 692-0966. (5121-617) 

Hero', the hook: Human~ies Workshops win he\> 
you. Brainstorming. orglnizatton. collaboration, 
Inllrpreting TA commenlS. Free coHaolOO, Como 10 
USB 402OA, Wednesdays. 6-8 p.m. 0< caJl 534-2284 
10< mora InlOrmation. (Y-!1-6I4) 

earn Mastercard regardless of your credit 
background. mako $500 a waek In your lrae lime 
helping olhers earn lheir Maslereams. 297-23'0. 
(Y-!1-5I24) 

Applications for Third Junior Senator are in the 
Dean', Office. Apply by June 71h. (Y-!.-6I7) 

AMES Undergr8duate Informational meeting 
Wednesday. May JOth, 4 p.m Engi.,.,ering Bldg. Rm 
2'03. (Y-!4) 

Appieations are now available for Third College 
Judicial board . Apply In Ihe Dean's Office by 
Thursday. May 31St (5124-5I31) 

ESPRIT AND TWEEDS FACTORY OUTlET 
LIOUIOA lION CLOTltING SALEII Open 3 days 
only II Friday, Y-!5 and SalUrday 5126 (,0 a.m. - 6 
p .m.), Sunday 5127 ('2-5 pm.). Famous maker 
brand nameciolhlngon sale 81draS1lcallydi500unled 
prices. E.-..ythlng priced at 50%- 90% balow "'IIular 
rOlail pricesl8O% of III merchandiS4ls prlcad balow 
$,51 Panls. lops. Sho~S , dresS4s, swea"rs, swaalS, 
jackels and much, much mora an pnced,o move OUI 
this weekend. Womenswar, Menswear, clothes for 
I<lds. Go 4 lights aast of lhe 805. on Miramar Road 10 
8250 Camino Santa Fo. Hotlno 450-3323. 10% 
DISCOUNT FOR STUDENTSI (Y-!4) 

SERVICES 
Olga Barl Electrologist. 1200-1500 hairs per hour. 
3251 Holiday Court. Studenl discounts. (619) 558-
4644. (619) 226-'962. (~-617) 

PAPERS TYPEDI OYick & affordablol $2IIyped 
double-spaced pego. CaU W Colony Resumes & 
Professional Typing Services. ~5~7. Ona-day 
service available. Leser Prinlingl Choice Of 35 
typestyle. I (412-617) 

Renl-I -braln 24-hr. wr1Ilng Mar. oUiSIanding A-
s1Udent UC grad save Ihls numbarl Make daadllnes 
Jim 481 -18'0. (4112-617) 
TYPING ·11 .... s, lerm. PII.Ds. Legal. All formals. 
RUSH J06S. MARIE 931 -9596 (4112-617) 

Surling - finaRydo ii, fun, saie. 20 yearsexpenanced 
6loguard. waler satoty InSiruclor 481-18'0, (4112. 
617) 

WORD PROCESSING, lerm papers . • ,pe~.nced 
disserlations, 7 days a week. 4.0 Engish SlUIIs, 
reterences 755-2683. (4126-617) 

WORD PROCESSING - Siudeni pape .. and 
resumes. Laser printing. Fast and reasonable. caJI 
InpuIiQuIpUI. 535-3010. (~-617) 

Word Processing - any size, pIek up & dofivery. Fast 
lumaround· Call Sandy 755-4316. (.V,)(Hjfl) 

_tosh Repelr • upg_: Componant leval 
repair. FREE estimatas. W ...... nd Service. (Mac 
'2815121P1u, Power $89). Memory upg.- ALl 
Macs (Mac '28151210 Plus "arts ~ $21 0)_ Pick-uP/ 
Delivery. 456-5916. Compub. (513-617) 

PEPPER~NI PI~3:~~!ST 
One MedlulJ'I PIZZAS 

PIZZA OR pi .. $8.99f~· $12.99 '0% 
, QRlGIN AL or PAN Plzu. 

One me<Hum {)orn1nosnJ nd otr. omeae for 
lcoded with ...... ~, .~ one lor IllS' 
ON\. Y SS.99 pillS ta., O< ... 
54.00 more· \ocIttlolU 

res 6/YJ/9IJ. Good ,. ~rtldpari", . ~t good with any othor off ... 

•• IT'S 11ME POR DOMINO'S PIZZA.'" 
CALLUS! 
452·UCSD 
3211 Holiday Ct. 

U_ doIvery _a 10 onlU'" oafo drMng. Our_ _1han$20_ 

TYPINGII .. n typo your lorm popers olc. qt.Ockly and 
inexpensiYety. Laser printer. Call Je nnlf .... : 558-6090. 
(513-5131) 

ALLERGIES? Aslhma, hay lover, alopicdormlmls? 
Frae physician's .xam and medicalion lOr very long 
lerm raUel. Now. sale . FDA approved lest. Small 
compensation. Sho~ la,1. Phone 277-27.0. (511()-
5129) 

Wanl a Jot>? WI mako your rasume SO grasl Iltey 
can1 rasiSi hiring you . Call 278-84 I 6 . (51'4-5I31) 

TypingIWord Proca,slng: Acedomic manusc:rlpll, 
papers, theses, len.ra, resumes. Fast SeMCI. Mary 
Ann 452-9439. (5117-5131) 

DYNAMIC BELL YDANCING DUOI available lor 
spacial evenls: call Jaydooha and Thea 558-0938. 
(5117-617) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New 81 Cal Copy. Only 
$5.95. WhIle you wait. Xeroxes and more. Near SI. 
GormaJns. .52-9949. (512,-617) 

WORD PROCESSING, EDInNG. S2Ipage. frat 
pickup & doUvery, 7 daystwaok. Irma 453-6282. 
(Y-!4) 

Earn Mas1ercard regardless 0' your credit history. 
Make $500 a week in your free time helping others 
aam Iheir Mastercards. 297-2310. (5124) 

WANTED 
Earn $75,00. Subjoc:Is wanlOd lor a lIudy on !he 
elfecls of alcohol. "you are a UCSD SIudont 0< non-
ocodomic IIln. American born ma.. 01 ontirely 
Japane .. , Chino ... or KOrNndOscanl, call Scripp' 
Cinlcand _ Foundation forlTlO<alniormalion, 
554-2192. (4/2-617) 

UNHAPPY? FREE research studies evaluating 
medications are available to peopte sutterlng from 
depression. Symploms Include sadness , Ialiguo, 
guih. loss olinieroSl in daily activilies, and dilficulios 
sleeping, .ating, and concentrating. Suitable 
\lolunt .... ' rteeN. free medications, '-b tests, 
physicals Ind psychiatric _luaIIon. 18 or older. 
F," studiO. Iiso avaJiMM for penlc. CaN The 
Feighner _ InSihUio 81 4M-4300 Monday -
Friday ,0 Lm. - . p.m.(4126-617) 
Housecloanors, window waahers, $7-$I4ihr. 8-25 
hour week, nox, punctual, prolessionaJ. reliable car. 
musl have some 'xperlonce. mull wall< Ihrough 
summer. good ",_ncos. 25&-37311 M-F 12p.m-
5p.m. leave message. (4I2H/7) 

We a", IooIUng lor models Int_ in free hairaAs 
and consulledons. PIoaso call 488-8700. (4130-
5131) 

Brollon MacIMOSil aqUf_t w&nlod lOr CE 
Sludant. WI~ng 10 nego .... a lrade. call 53S-093O. 
(513-617) 

~E" WORK $9.85 10 SIarl. National RalaJI 
chain ftling 19 opanings in San Diego county. No 
expariancoAlQUirad.Scholarllllpoa_.Nodoor 
10 door 0< phona ..... Involved_ MuS! apply now. 
may "art aftor finals. CaR 9·5 p.m. Clalromonl483-
4055, Enclnhos 436-8634. (517-617) 
SUMMER J08S TO SAVE ENVIRONMENT -EARN 
$2500-$3500. NaIIonaJ campaign position, 10 pass 
Clean IVr Ad, stop lo.ic poI~, lighlen peSliddo 
controls & promote comprehensive recycling . 
Available In ,8 slalos & D,C. lntvwsoncampus5i30 
& 5131 . Call Kalololl-free aI 1-800-75-EARTH. 
(5117-617) 

earn $500 - $2000 plrt·dme, per monlhl Wort< your 
own hoursl Noad I.,.,rgalle peoplel phone 224-
8529. (51'4-617) 

Are you IookJng lor a job Ihat will pay lor your room 
wilhoUi leoving you borod?1 VOTER REVOLT, 
Calilomla'. largoll public Il'IIoroll organlZalion, Is 
now hiring campaign sian 10 wort< on lhe mosI 
._plng Insurance ",form since Prop. 1 03_ Salariod 
positions. No expertence n.cessary. Training 
provided. Advancement opporIunlllo • . $225-4OOIwk. 
on eampus InlOrviows 5/17, 512.1, 51211 Call (6 I 9) 

299-0~. (5114-Y-!4) 
Modell (famalot) ,.."Iod for modal .. arch '90 
COntOIl, wi_r will racoIve I frat professional 
modalng pof1follo, Smoll ragillrllion foo. Call Lila 
Studio 51 '484-8883. (Y-!I-Y-!.) 

MAKE EVERY DAY EARTH DAY . Summer 
campaigns torthe environment. earn $2500-$3500. 
He\> pass lito Clean IVr AcI. tigh"'n pallicldo controls, 
promole compr8henslvo recycling_ Work avaiiMM 
1811a1e,. Kale 8OOI75-EARni. (5117-617) 

Pe.r counsekJr to work 1 112 plus years In on~ 
campus RIcovoring from Eallng Dlsordera program. 
Noad women who have hid provious oxpariance 
racovarlng from on oiling disorder, ComlCl : &overly 
HaIju 534-2237. (5121-5I29) 
E,citing upbeaI now company Is IooI<Ing lOr a f.w 
.. n moIivIIIing people 10 mako monay by helping 
peopIo .... money. Earn whal you Ihlnk you are 
woM and wall< when & wheAl you wish, For an appI. 
pIeMa caH 7511-7380. (5121-5I31) 

WANTED: inlanl caroln my Del Mar home. Wed & 
Sal .• own car. S1ar16I23. 755-6172. (5I21-712) 

Ouldoor summor jobs war!< wilh STUDENT 
PAINTERSgroalwtlg". calMiko587-0429. (512' -
512.) 

Summer sales position. ovailable allocal computtr 
.. les and conlUfling firm. Pooilions available In 
marf<eting. procU:I .... arch, CAOO drafting. and 
computerpqramming.Gr •• t.ndsonexparience. 
Call Da"" 295-9646. (Y-!1-5I24) 

Moving 10 Phoenix CP end Of _ l.ooI<Jng lor 
someona 10 shor1I COlI 01 AlntaJ IJIJCk. Call EIIIoI @ 
558-0315. (Y-!1-Y-!4) 
0uI_, on lhe beach. food _ posiIions. Pan 
timelfun time. Rasort Acliville. Co. Gail .54-7302. 
(Y-!1-5I3') 
Part time IIrvars _ lOr ~I rtIIJAlmeni 
home in La Jo8a. E,ceIIoni worf<Jng conditions wilh fIo __ Ing. F __ "'" providod .. _ 
.. bo_ ColI JooapIt W-Sun ,1:00-7:30 450-
52n. (5121-Y-!4) 

Now IIlr1ng Intarnalional Houll n_nar IdIor. 
Compenaallon - room In I houll. Job ",082. 
oa-.. 5124. (Y-!1·5I24) 

Now hiring Fifth ColI.g. ' Lodgo Program 
CoordlnalOr.· Compansation - room In Poppar 
canyon. Job" 108' . Dodna 5124 (Y-!1-5I24) 
Moving 10 Nor Call1lor gradualion? WonllO ."-
COli of ranIal von? Call David 452-1346, (5124) 

Marketing and Bulin." studtnts: Inv.atm.nt 
Banking/Slock Brokaring firm IooI<Ing lor positive, 
ambitious individuals for direct marketing, 
telemarketing, various other duti ••. Good job 
."p8rience . Morning and afternoon positions 
avaiiMM. Call: BarTy Clark 81546-4744. (5124) 

Includes: !hImpoo IWld quality haircut. 
Blow dry and ~ing $4 extra, 
Full service prices reg, $21-$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists, To insure faster service, it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

CALL RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
: M-F-S uJ.-; ........ iii ....-......----.... ~~ = t-lAoa 

=ii ~PFliCS .......... -~ 
\ ...... ~----... 

457·3334 
8843 La Jolla Village Dr. a La Jolla , CA 
La Jolla Village Center (Ralphs, Savon) 

Thursday, May 24, 1990 

FOR SALE 
A lulon & Iramo unusod $95.00 Can deUver. 268-
08'4 (4130-5131) 

Aldu,'roo hand V.2.0 lor Macinlosh. Noveropenld. 
Co,1 $375, sell $3OOJo.b .o, Michano 535-8230, 
(51'4-5129) 
Futon and .... posHion wooden trame , brand new 
$98.00 Do,very available, ans. machine $35.00 289-
8304. (5114-Y-!4) 

BridgOllono Do_ DuolerTire. (4) 33,,2 SRI5LT: 
$100.00: Whho Canvas Top for Suzuki SemuraJ wI 
frwno (usod 1 _) $75.00: Samurai Bra (8Iaci<I 
Rod) $50.00: Samurai VIaora & _rvIew mirror 
$25.00. 543-3725 (51'4· 5129) 

Toyo'" Corolla FJ( , 1987. :kIoor. aUla, A/C , PIS, PI 
B. AM-FM. Excoltnt MIS! soli. asking $5000. 558-
0547. (5117-5124) 

K2TRC 1965kJs, Mar1<erM48Rbindlng,$350. Uke 
n_, usod Iwico lightly. Oal<Ioy Razorbladas. orange 
uridum and ambar lens, $ I 00. Simon 558-7005. 
(5117-5124) 

BowIe· ONE Iid<ot Ioraole 18111 row. DodgorStadum, 
May 26. Paid $150.00. asl<Jng for $85.00 o.b.o . 
ConllCl Marian 81452-3055. (5121-5124) 

WalorbOd ""mo, mlrrorod h_ard. padding. 12 
dra-., oxeollonl condition, $'00.00 Indyra Tuo" 
Thur.l0-3 p.m, 534·0829, (5117-617) 

Ford Thunderbird V-8. 1983. Maroon. Excellont 
IhroughoUl. AUla overdrive, Crui ... 1Vr. AM/FM/ 
Tape. Rasearch ave ..... Iorces salo, $2,500 lOr 
quick sale. Joe: 534-4503 (Day): 259-0078 (Nighl). 
(Y-!1 -Y-!4) 

Yamaha CDX820 CD-player ... caplional sound, 2 
monlhs. Us! $800, sale $400. cali Chuck 458-0661 . 
(512' -Y-!4) 
Mill VanlIUtieiOIS - Sports Arena - Mey 258:ixJ 121h 
"'" (11oor) wiIh Young Me 538-,048. (Y-!1-Y-!4) 

2 FOlgllo 8" Subwoof.rs $'00. 86 Yamaha Rive 50 
ScooIor, $400. Calf Don 729-6251 . (512, -5129) 

Yamaha '86 F2600 t.I8Ia bluo with gold rims. Very 
cIoan· sumrnafscomingl $2750 CMs 558-,628. 
(Y-!'-Y-!4) 
85 Mltsubiahl ~ Turbo A/C Coda-alarm, timid 
windows, 10_, Enktl wheels, 63.000 mi. $3500 
458-5928. (5121-6124) 

Sofa (folds OUIlo sleep 2). Make oner. 755-5858. 
Anyllme. (5129» 

Sharp PC 4502 Laplop compuIor, IBM compaIibIo. 
6401< . 2 fIoOpy dri_, Mrial. 1200 baud Intomd 
modam. Supor1wlal LCD 1CrtI«I_ Panaoonlc 1180: 
NLQ printer, 101. of software. $1300 o.b.o. Moll S58-
2197. (y-!~-5I29) 

FOR SALE: MacIntosh Plus Compuler In o,cellenl 
c:ondIion $800 o.b.o.: lmogowrher II printor Il1<o now 
with 112 bo, 01 paper $400 o.b.o.: Pay only $900 for 
boIh. Call Evan 457-4037. (512.-5131) 

DARKROOM EQUIPMENT: onialgor, timer_ IWO 
safalighls. a""rylhing 10 prlnl anddevelop B&W. 350 
o.b.o. Don 458-4297. (Y-!4) 

N_Tranaportalion? '81 Chovan.'ngoodcondition 
for only $900. 558-8937. (Y-!4-5I29) 

AMC 1973, 64K miles, new transmission. wI 
papetWOrf<, now pain!, very raliable. $1800 o.b.o. 
558-2,66. (Y-!4) 

Ba8IJI1fu1 handmade acouSlic guhar - $175. Comos 
witll case. parlocl for beginning studan ... Typewriler 
witll Indlesalunc:llon (Sharp 3200) $,50. Call 45J. 
1525 for mora InlOrmation, Loave moS$llQe on 
machine I (Y-!4-5I31) 

Ho_ Ello 5cooIer 125cc E,celtnl condilion. Cal 
456-9882. Ask lor John or leave message. (Y-!4-
5I29) 

A MOVING SALE. Sun08l Surfboard. Pougooll0-
speod. Schwinn Boach Crul ... r. K219Oc:m. sl<Js whh 
Solomon bindings , Lang sl>J boals, dr ....... GOOD 
PRICES - everylhlng muSi gol Call Kolle 558-0652. 
(Y-!4-5I29) 

FOR SALE: 2 lOO-wan amps, 3-way crossovers, 
and Kickor Box. Ovar$1 000 vaJuo. $600 o.b.o, John 

~ 558-3780_ (Y-!4-8/6) 

W.IIUH, fuillonglh Body Glove. M-MS, BIacI< & grey 
ImOIh" - barely usedl $70. Call James 259-0784. 
(Y-!4-5I31) 

Kllchanwaro 12- pioco. $45. S4lfc1oaning "oamod 
Iron $7. now bedsprood $20, hair dry~r, $5. 453-
2914. (5124) 

Two tic:i". CRUISE TO BAHAMAS departing from 
Ft Laudordolo • $600 o.b,o. And IWO R.T, tielOIS 10 
Hlwalf $450 o.b.o, MlII"'1 soonl Sole: 552-8236,. 
(Y-!4) 
1988 Ho_ Inle""'plor 500. Looka good. runll 
pariorms o,caileM. 2' K miles. 45 mpg. pIu. aR lito 
""'rat you naod. Graallar IUmmor ridng. $2Ko.b.o. 
Cnria 481-2885. (512.-5129) 

Columbian Boa - grtal colors. cage Included. MIll 
.. II. maJ<t ofItr. Ch~. 481-2885. (5124-5129) 

Alrllno TickeIIO Chicago ana-way, Juna 191h, $89. 
Call 457-7574. (Y-!4) 

HP 41-CX. mlllVlIM pac:I<. manua". NO! Usod, brond 
now. "25. Leave maasage. MicItaaI. 895-8252. 
(Y-!.) 

HOUSING 
3 bdrm condo, 2 single. , _r Bdrm 10 -.. 2 
b.'h, pool . Jacuzzl .•• curl,y, w •• h.r/dry." 
dIoh_r, lingle 350/mo. 1/4 uti ..... , 111 Iaol. 
Doubfa 300/mo, 114 utillll .. , 1/4 UIIIIIIo • • lSI and 
Leal. Call ...... 450-1910, (5110-5I29) 

Two pt'19rt _ on Pacific 8aach, $500.00 monIIl 
ullllie. ~ Cal D1anoIAnne 273-ee29. (Y-!.) 

Thursday, May 24, 1990 

Two rooms available June 1 $325 each + '/3 utIlities. 
BelWeen Vans and Big Baar. Janel546-1309. (5114-
5/24) 

Wanted · Two people male and/or lemale share 
mastorbedroom. Own balh, balcony lumishedcondo 
(excepl badroom) near Vans Movo In 6117 $265 
each, 114 util~ies. Healher!Nalalie S58-237~ . (5114-
5I24) 

Summer room sublel, own balh , fumlshed, pooV 
lacuZli , garago. I or 2 lamale. $490.00lmo. 
Evenings: 535-0352. (5117-5124) 

PAID ON CAMPUS HOUSING. lor 'go. '91 school 
year In relurn lor h.'ping disabled slUdonl wilh 
personal care. 2-5 hours/day. Some .... Sled Uhing. 
Female, nonsmoker. Julie 458-9748. Apply NOW. 
(5117-5124) 

DceanfronlcondoI2badroom2bath ,JacuuI •• 'aops 
3·4, $1200.00 483-9516, Leave message, Man. 
(5117-617) 

$200/mo. summer sublet Room In 2 br appt 5 mlns, 
Irom campus. 452-3768. (5117-6/4) 
Looking Iorlriendly, rasponsible fomelt roomm8l0, 
Own room 325 + 1/3 Ulllhl.,. laS! monlh's ronl plus 
$'66.66 doposil . eOSlg8loll.a Jolla. Available now. 
.53-6926. (5117-Y-!4) 

4-bdrm 2·balh UC house, Pallo. garage, sundeck. 
nice view. $1350.00 incl gardener. call Hilda 587-
1210. (5121 -5124) 

Furnished room In Mira Mesa house. June through 
Sept Non-smok.rS275.oo 114 ulil. No deposit 578-
3 174 (Y-! '-5I24) 

Large mastarbedroom In La Jolla Tennis Club. Own 
balh, balcony. garago, $460 .00 or $230 10 share , 
One mile trom campus. Available in June Melanie or 
Karen 558-0239. (5121-5124) 

ROOMMATES WANTED: To sharelourbedrocm, 2 
112 bath. two story house Own room, backyard, 
garago, $3oo/mo plus 1/4 ulilillos. Available June 
I st. Tracy 792-1 496, Andrew 695-0688. (5121 -5124) 

WANTED: Responsible room malo. Wo·r. IookJng 
for a lemale 10 share a room on Villa La Jolla Drive, 
$212.50/mo. SUMMER ONLY. BUSYalmosphero, 
No smoking. No hve'ln boyfriends. Couch potatoes , 
slobs, neednolapply. We'racool, are you? call 558-
1725. (Y-!' -Y-!4) 

Malelfemale neededto till a private room in Unlvel'Slty 
City. Threeotherentertalning hOU5emateswill WOW 
you wdh all appliances . washer/dryer, and access to 
everything. Non-smoker needed from June 16-start 
01 school. Call Aaron 587-11644 .venlngs. (5121-
5124) 

Need a great place for summer? How about a master 
sUIte In a beautiful Del Mar condo, 4 blocks from 
beach. walk in cJosat. Available June t 6, summer 
suble8S4. 2501mo lor 210 sitar • . Call Holly or Rachel 
al792-2621 . (5121-5124) 

Male roommate wanted • share large master 
bedroomlbalh. Parti.lyfumishad LaJoiIa townhouse! 
condo - 3 badI2 '12 balh. 2 Slory + garage. balcony, 
fireplace, patio , large kitchen. Complex with pools & 
spas. Naar Gilman/Ralphs $300 + 1/4 utilitias. 
Available anylime after Aug 1, Kale 558-2591.(5121 -
5124) 

SunnY3bdrm. 11l2bathapt NearVons Available 
6117-9120 S955lmo. Conlacl AlIy50n 558-6972. 
(5121-Y-!4) 

Room in hOUS4 across Slre.!from UCSD! 6115-911 5. 
Lerge place , $425 + '/6 ullI~les (negoliable) 452-
2222. (Y-!1-5129) 

Mira Mesa, 2 bdr, 2 ba apartment. Ouletl otfroad 
parking. AlC avaliable, $725. 695-82530r 755-6386. 
(5121 -5124) 

HOT girtsdasperately saaking 2-3 COOl roommates 
for WAAM summer on La Jolla Scenic. Great hoUSe 
Within crawling distance ot school. Pool/tennislspa 
included. We'll beat any price. - Dial now and ask for 
Carla 546-1658, De.kla 558-3813. (5124-5131) 

4 bdrm 2 112 balh lownhouse on Ganasee, 5 min. 
wal< to UCSQ, Pool, ~na, other amenities. Open 
June 18. Summer only , Call Roy 558-6450. (512.) 

Looking lor person(s) w/ admirabl. ~Ioslylelo share 
baautiful home In Le Jolla. Please call 597-0250. 
(5124-617) 

Uve I ... lhan 100 yards from Ihe beach I Male 
wanled 10 shara room In Dol Mar lrom 6117- 7120 
$250 + utilllles, Call 792-961 7 as!< lor Tim. (5124, 
5129) 
FOR RENT: 4501 Plvlov 2 Slory 4 bo, 2 112 balh 
house with pool. jacuzzI. Cloll to UCSO , 
Transporlalion and mall.$2200/momh. Call Monlka. 
(619) 55 I -g203. (512.-Y0!9) 

For renl Cambridge Townhouaa I bd, ,12 balh loft 
w/flroploct. 2 prlval. paIIOI. garago. pool. jacuzzI. 
Wall 10 UCSD and Malls. 850/monlh (619) 551 -
9203. Ask for Monika. (Y-!4-5I29) • 
Roommalo wanlod lor clean 3 story lownhouso 
8C1OOS from UTC. HOI pool, jacuzzi, washer, dryer, 
lully equipped kJIcItln. ~ngle room 10< $3301monlh 
or sh.o miller bedroom for$2801monlh. Avail. end 
01 finals tillSopt Nonsmokers p ...... Call 453-5138 
lisa 0< leave message. (5124-5I31) 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFfORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

C \ I I I" I II{" I 
584·6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North #315 

The UCSD Guardian CLASSIFIEDS 11 

Aoommalalsneeded :Avallabie 7/1-9J1 large master 
bedroom w/own bath. NelCtto UTC. Furnlshedl $275 
double or $450 single. Great roommates I Call nowt 

~52-8537. (Y-!4-6/4) 

Selling assorted COs: New Ago, Classical, Rockl 
$10 each Greal buy. Cell Gerald 556-7228. (5121 -
5131) Your Decision. Your Choice. 

2 room. avaiiabte in 4 br house slanlng June 17, 
$3OO/mo. Call 565-8536. (5124-617) 

LOST AND FOUND 
PLEASE caU Sucha (558-8092) if you lind my 
Anlhropology 118 final paper. $20 REWARDII No 
queSiions asked. (511 ()-512~) 

LOST: HP I 5C calculalO<. LaSI seen in AP&M 1882 
on 519190. Row.rdgiven. Call 453-2790. (5124-5129) 

, PERSONALS 
The OASIS Language Program I. now accepting 
appIiCalions lor IUlor. 01 Spanish and Fronch, GPA 
of 3.0 + required. For more lntormation call : 534· 
2284. (5I2'-Y-!4) 

Slebal • Gien and Joe from Annapolis aro In San 
Diogo. Call us aI270-8680. (512,-5124) 

Jostens rep at Bookslor8 June 4 • June 8. 10:00 • 
3:00. Sale on your COllege ri1Q. (5121-5124) 

Dear AOlis - 1hanks lor lite grealluau in peradis • . 
Aloha - Pi Kappa. (5124) 

Tlnany Boolh - Do you btl .. vo In miracles? I do 1 
found onoln you. This has baan Ihe bast year 01 my 
ilol I love YOU I Jo". (Y-!4) 

YOUR JASENESS: Shall I place your compuler ad'? 
Happy (lalel) anniversaryiliove you Leura. (512.) 

SPAIN EAPIOAP PROSPECTiVe PARTICIPANTSI 
CoUniry orienlallon Thurlday May 24 4·6 p,n. 
Inlornalional Cenler Loonge. (5124) 

Gel Involved al Third College. Apply lOr Judicial 
Board. Applications are ;wailable In the Dean'soHIee. 
Deadlina Is Thursday. May 31sl. (5124-5131 ) 

Third College needs a new Junior Senator Get 
involved and apply. Applications are available in the 
Dean's offic8 . Deadine is June 71h. (Y-!4-617) 

To all the winner' and participants 01 Greek week -
Q>ngratulationsl Salish , Erica and the the Greek 
Week committee - you guys did a great job. We had 
a llIasli Love AOPI. (Y-!4) 

SUMMERIFALL 

JOBS! 
Advertising Representatives News~per Delivery 
Severol posilions ore open for Does your fOil schedule give you 
energetic people with time to work free time on Mon., Wed . or 
the mosf coreer-rewording posifion Fridays? We need you . 
ot UCSD. Call Michael, The UCSD Guardian, 534-3466 

• Free Pregnancy 
Testing 

• Low Cost Early 
Pregnancy Test 

• Immediate 
Test Results 

o Pregnancy 
Termination 

• General or Local 
Anesthesia 

• Affordable 
Birth Control 

o Student Discount 

TIre College Line 
535-1379 

r;;r;t ,L ' ~nc"olce 
Fumily Plnnnin! 

Assodll!es 
Medicnl GroUI' 

Now. More affordable than evero 
University Bookstore Computer Center 
Apple Days Sale May 1·31, 1990 

~ 40Mb bard drive" 

$2178 

Mac: Un with 40Mb hard drive" 

$3407 
A 2% discount will be 

given for cash purchases. 

Monitors 
MOIIOdIr_e $270 

Color $678 

Printers 
LaMrWriter lISC $183S· 
lMerWriterUNT$30S5·· 

a-w-.IC· .. ___ ....... 
~1IIf . ... _ ...... 

blulltWriterlI $459 
.~. 

',,~\.~~. .X~':'-,:·.'~ 
~y ~"." ';.!~-:-'.:~~'~.,., ... ::: ~' 

Keyboards 
Apple extended keyboard $158 

$87 

For additional information call 534·4291. 
Prices effective May 1-31 only. Please refer 10 eli&ibility requiremenu. 



12 FEATURES 

kinko's' 
thE' copy center 
457-3775 

8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

For Your 
e tlon 

Copies 
r-------n 
: 8~ per copy : 
Ion'" cottol,aper I 
I .. thlUI., QI\ I 

AWARD 
Continued from page 9 
could go back to school and do 
something that wa n ' t so threaten-
ing because it was something I en-
joyed." 

After earning an associate of 
arts degree in photography. Pinedo 
continued his education. 

" Having done real well in 
school. I wanted to continue. and 
that 's when I transferred to UCSD. 

"1 want to do one thing at a time 
- get a sociology degree. then 
study photography or just go out 
and do it." 

The UCSD Guardian 

Pinedo said photography and 
hi sociology major are intercon-
nected. 

"Sociology and photography 
compliment each other. Sociology 
is the study of people and society, 
and that' s what I'm interested in," 
he said. " lIike to photograph people 
and their place in society, what 
they do, who they are, which say 
something about all of us." 

Pinedo hopes that his work can 
have an impact on others. 

"The influence I can have on 
other Hispanics as well as anyone 
who' s struggling is to serve as a 
role model. " 

On May 11,Pinedospoke atLa 
Jolla High School. 

"These kids wanted to look at 
the pictures and that was the best 
compliment because usual I y when 
they have speakers they get up and 
leave [as soon as it is over). 

"I want whatever success I 
achieve to represent the Hispanics. 
It ' s not just my success. 1 represent 
a Hispanic who has risen to a 
measure of success." 

Pinedo' s success is not limited 
to the Time magazine award. He 
won Honorary Mention in the 
Phorographer's Forum magazine 
contest and was published in the 

Academy Award winner: 
Best Student Documentary 

'SLIVES 
Director Josh Hanig will be present 
ALSO: Between Men 
Poses the question: Is fighting an inherently 
masculine trait? 

"The result 01 a I/ this is to give you a new view 01 yourself and your world." 
Richard Shepard - THE NEW YORK TIMES 

"MEN'S LIVES is a fine documentary that deals with 
the pressures, competition and loneliness of being male in America. 

With insight and humor, MEN'S LIVES represents a microcosm of masculine attitudes." 
Linda Gross - THE LOS ANGELES TIMES 

Thursday, May 24,1990 

magazine. 
In 1988, a Horton Plaza photo-

graph he took won him two round 
trip tickets to England from the 
San Oiego Convention Tourist Bu-
reau. 

Pinedo also has had photos pub-
lished inaNASA publication called 
"Earth Systems Science Over-
view." But the Time award is his 
most prestigious yet. 

"Regardless of what recogni-
tion I'm getting, photography is 
important to me," Pinedo said. 
"Photography is an art form, and 
it ' s a way that I can represent the 
world the way I see il." 

wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.~.w.~. 
the classic film about masculinity in an1e r ica 

.............................................. ., . ., 

Friday, May 25 7 p.m TLH 107 FREE 
Spon50n d by Ihr Comm1lt« ra J Work! Democracy and Third Work! Studlel Funded by AS dinribultd UCS D act ivi ty fees 

It took Freud 38 years to understand it. 
You have one night. 
The psych exam is in 12 hours. And your id wants to party. Your ego 

wants to conk out. But your superego knows you need to stay awake 
tonight to cram, 
Fortunately, you've got Vivarin. It helps keep you awake and mentally 

alert for hours. Safely and conveniently. So aU your brainpower can focus 
on understanding the brain. 
If Freud had used Vivarin, maybe he could have understood the brain 

faster, too. Revile with VIVARIN: 
It}'I)O "H.unuod FrtucJ tOPHlghl rq>n:Kllh.-d by The- Rt 'MCr K'l hnun A~IK ). lkH'rh Iflll .. ( A 

Co IY'/IU )trlllhKJine lkC\. hAm 
l sc: .. ~ dlrCl lN <.ontaitl) u ff('int' ~quiy.tml ofrwo c~ of lolr« 

Thursday, May 24, 1990 

GOLF 
Continued from page 14 

His one over par was just three 
behind Methodist 's Rob Pilewski 
and Wittenburg'S Rick Lyons. who 
both nailed two-under at 70. 

Five strokes behind Reinhardt, 
All -American candidate Devin 
Thomas managed a 78 after triple-
bogeying the final hole. 

Bob Knee and Bobby Meyer-
on nipped at Thomas' heels, 

rounding out the top four with a 79 
and an 80, respectively, on a day 
that featured a windy morning and 
a hot, humid afternoon. 

Reinhardt maintained UCSO's 
lowest total, again recording the 
team 's best scorein second round 
action. 

Reinhardt 's 75 . just ahead of 
Thomas's two-stroke improvement 
to 76, was good enough for sev-
enth on the indi vidual leader board. 

Lyons, who blazed to a 69 for a 
five-under 139, extended his lead. 

Knee and Meyerson also im-
proved on the second go-around, 
as each shaved a stroke from the 
previous day to post a 78 and 79. 

Triton Man Stottern struggled 
to an 85 both days, and did not 
figure in the team scoring. 

With two more days of compe-
tition remaining, UCSD possesses 
a definite chance of securing its 
best finish since back-to-backsec-
ond places in 1986 and 1987. 

Both of those runners-up titles 
were to champion mainstay CSU 
Stanislaus, which moved up to 
Division II this year, leaving the 
race wide open for numerous con-
tenders. 

The Tritons ' current sixth place 
stand ing is far and away above last 
year's 14th place finish, and the 
16th from the year before. 

The UCSD Guardian 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 
By PHIL GRUEN • . 

Editor in Chief ' . -
;) (Phil is currently 25-17-2) • ~ . • ' 

NBA Conference Finals 
Favorite Spread 
DETROIT 1 game* 
PORTLAND 1 game 

Underdog 
Chicago 
Phoenix 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS ... Yeah, yeah. I know two 
games have already been played in each ofthese 
semifmals, but that doesn't mean I'm going to 
make things easy for myself. Well, okay, I will 
have to go with the Detroit Pistons, because now 
that the Lakers have been eliminated, no other 
team really has a shot at the title. Keep in mind 
that they do have to exceed the one game spread, 
which should not be much of a problem now that 
Jordan's aerial show has landed .. , with the wheels 
up, As for the other series - even down 2-0 -
I still have little option but to stay with the 
Phoenix Suns, whom I picked before the series 
started. Why? Simple: 1) Trail Blazer fans are 
idiots. 2) Did I mention what I think of their fans? 
3) I've stepped on things that look - and smell 
- bener than Portland. For these reasons, PHIL 
advises that you ... 

TAKE DETROIT 
AND PHOENIX 

·OfTlClllline (rom r II Nevu Roo,lor Ponlwtd. Myers. OR 

SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE 
BACKPACKS 

WA 65 REG. $119.99 NOW 79.99 
WA 63 REG. 129.99 NOW 89.99 
WA 68 REG . 139.99 NOW 99.99 

INTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 
DUPONT CORDURA · LIFETIME WARRANTY 

"FAMOUS TRAILS" - "MEt' - "EAGLE CREEK" 
"EASTPAK" ALL AT LOW DISCOUNT PRICES 

;·~;r-2000tra~ei~·& m;p;~!UO: .' , 
, gaoe , packs. carts. money bens. pass- , 
: port hoklers. ne<:k pillows. voltage " 
I eorwertors - and much, much more! r.A. 
' .. .. __ .... .. .... -.-~ .. --_ .... -.. 

1S39 Garnet, Pacific Beach 483-1421 
,m. Sat 10 •. m.-S 

AppleCare 
Half price sale! 

Buy the AppleCare extended warranty 
now for 12 months and only pay for 
6 months! 

LIDIA 
Offers 

Students 
15% off 

Cuts 
by Jennifer 

7535 Girard 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

619/ 454·9651 

Add AppleCare to existing warranty on your Macintosh computer 
or buy new coverage. This offer good for a Hmited time only! 
(Expires May 31, 1990.) Limited to I year purchase. 

For further information, call the Computer Center 
at 534·4291 

Jeft PauIMn, WOIIWI'S Wit .. Polo, 
Third SenIor, Psychology 
UCSO does not proruce many national 
caliber athletes. but ~ certainly has one 
in two-time open division AJ.American 
Jefi Paulsen. Jefi. the Tritons starting 
goaie the last 4 years, anchofed a 
defense that brought home a nationat 
chM,lPi0nship in 1990. Last year. Jeft 
partiCIpated in the OtyIf4lic Sports 
Festival and played lor the east team 
which won the gold medal. Currently. she 
is playing tor the National B team, but is 
IooIUng even higher, perhaps to the t 992 
U.S. Otyllllic team. Out 01 the water, Jefi 
has anchored the Triton Athletes Councit 
lor 4 years, putting in endless hours for 
the student·athletes on ~. Great 
job. Jefi. and good kJCk in '92. 

SPORTS 13 

Slg Huber, Men's TenniS, SenIor 
. In a sport that does not get nu:h 

attention at UCSD. Sig Huber has quietfy 
shown dominance in Men's Tennis. A 4-
year leiter winner. Sig just returned from 
the DMsion III national championships in 
Swarthmore. PA, having reached the 
doubles semifinals with teammate Chris 
Belloi. Sig also reached the final 16 01 
lhe singles toumament before bowing 
out For his efforts. Huber was named 

AI~American in both singles and 
doubles. At mid-season he was ranked 
sixth in the nation in singles, and he and 
Belloi were ranked third indolbles. 
Congratulations, Sig, on a great 4-year 
career. 

' ~ YA" t~ "" BJ'. Chlcap Plzzetia Is proud 10 Irrvtu ellCb atblne (arid II guest) to !3J..;$. 111_ at Iq's for .free! CoIIgrats to botb TrltOfQ. 
~~ 8873 ViUa LaJol1a Dr. La]olla Village Center45HJ662 

Four issues left! Place your valedictory messages 
in The Guardian Personals! 

Drop by our office-upstairs at the old Student Center! 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! .. 

),.. 
j.~" ~ 

"'-
. 

11-1 1 Frl. & Sot. \ -- <> ~-
LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd .. Ste. 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

'0 " " l_o lOll<> '. j \ Iop~ '0'" ,~ ,..0 
A· bo O 

: 

--------------------1 I 
I 250/- OFF any small, I 

' 1 70 :=~~c:n yogurt I 
I Void with any other offer. Toppings not Included. Expires 5/27/90. 1 L ____________________ ~ 

REEF RUNNERS 

S'AtE$29.i9 
Reg . $35.95 

SAUCONY Prestige Mid 
Superior wppo<1 and cushioning 
........ "i. _'. shoo icIoaIlor 
high· and law-i"'flDd _abies. 

SALE $62.89 
Reg. $74.95 

ADIDAS Rod 
SALE $35.89 
Reg . $49.95 

RUSSELL SWEATS 
SALE $11 .89 

Reg. $19.95. Pants or shirt 
10%0f' already 

discounted price> oMth 
,1\Iden11.O .• 

.......... -
5590 LA JOUA BLVD. (NEXT TO lHE FRENCH PASTRY) 45N666 

.1YI01I ... WI SILL IS DISCOUNI .... 



,-

.... 

14 SPORTS The UC D Guardian Thursday, May 24, 1990 

Sports 
GOLF NCAA DIVISION m NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS 

UCSD Sixth After Two at Jekyll Is-land 
Tritons Skyrocket Six Spot in Team Standings; 
Mike Reinhardt 's 73-75 (148) Good Enough for 
Seventh Place, Nine Strokes Behind the Leader 
By DANA CHAIKEN 
Sports Editor 

Should it continue on it current pace of 
jumping halfway up the leader board on 
consecutive days, the UCSD golf team will 
fini h in first-and-a-half place at the end of 
the NCAA Division III National Champion-
hips. 

At the midway point of the four-day com-
petition at Indian Mound Course at Jekyll I -
land, Georgia, the Tritons occupy sixth place 
- a major improvement from the 12th slot 
after day one. 

But climbing all the way to a tie at the end 
of the 72-hole tournament seems unlikely, as 
UCSD slipped further off the torrid pace set 
by Methodist of North Carolina, even though 
the Tritons leapfrogged ix team yesterday. 

Top-seeded Methodist, the only team in 
the tournament re ting below the 600 mark, 
actually shot four troke worse ye terday 
than Tuesday (293-297-590), but till added 
another four to its lead, extending it to 10. 

The eedings continued to hold true, as 
number two Ohio We leyan kept within strik-
ing distance in second place, posting an even 
600 (301-299), 24 over the 576 par. 

RESULTS 
NCAA DIVISION I" GOLF CHAMPIONSHIPS 

AT JEKYLL ISLAND, GEORGIA 

TEAM STANDINGS AFTER TWO ROUNUS 

Place School 4-Man Total 

1. Methodist College 293·297 - 590 

2. Ohio Wesleyan 299·301 - 600 

3. Wittenburg 303-299-612 

4. Gustavus Adolphus 307·297 - 604 

5. CSU San Bernardino 302·3tO-612 

6. UCSAN DIEGO 31~308- 61S 

7 (tie) Salem State 305-314-619 
Washington & Lee 309·310-619 

9. John Carroll 302·318-620 

10. Claremont 309·312-621 

INDIViDUAL LEADER AFTER TWO ROUNDS 

Rick Lyons Wittenburg 70-69 - 139 (·5) 

a minor miracle. 
UCSD i currently 28 troke off the 

pace (310-308-618), after trailing by ju t 
17 the day before. 

Using the system that tallies each 
team's four lowest cores of five total 
golfers after each day 's round, the same 
four Tritons contributed to the team's 
cumulative total. The next two teams, surprise Wittenburg 

and fourth-seeded Gustavus Adolphus, which 
are just two and four strokes, respectively, 
behind Ohio Wesleyan, could still catch Meth-
odist, but they - and UCSD - could all use 

On Tuesday, Mike Reinh¥dt, usu-
ally the Tritons' number two golfer, 
posted a team-low 73. 

See GOLF, page 13 

Guardian File Photo 
Bob Knee shot a 79 in the first day of competition atthe National Championships, 
and bettered that performance with a 78 yesterday at Indian Mound Course. 

umll"un ... File Photo 
The women's novice eight, shown earlier in the season, celebrated 
the best finish of the Triton boats at the PCRes at Lake Natoma. 

Crew Led by Women's Novice 
In Season Finale at PCR Cs 
By PETER KO 
Associate Sports Editor 

The results didn't sparkle as 
brightly as the endings of the San 
Diego City Championships or, for 
the women, the Oxnard All-Ameri-
can Regatta, but the Pacific Coast 
Rowing Championships iastweek-
end still provided the climax to one 
of the most impressive UCSD crew 
seasons in recent history. 

After the SDCCs, in which both 
varsity eight boats captured first 
place from local rivals USD and 
San Diego State, and the recent 
Oxnard Regatta, where the 
women's teams swept the unoffi-
cial Southern California rowing 
championships, expectations took 
a sharp tum upwards forthe PCRCs 
at Lake Natoma ill Sacramento. 

A fairy tale ending, however, 
was not to be as none of the UCSD 
boat could muster another remark-
able - and in this ca e - up et 
performance at what are consid-
ered the championships for West 
Coast team. 

In tead, the Tritons had to eul 
for what men's Head Coach Mike 
Shannon termed the squad's "best 
performance ever. " 

UCSD's best showing came 
from the women's novice eight, 
which recorded the highest overall 
Triton finish at sixth. 

The novice boat entered the 
PCRCs seeded fifth on the West 
Coast and walked away with sec-
ond place in the Western Inter-
communicate Racing Association, 
the division for non-Pac-IO 
schools. 

The women's varsity four fin-
ished 13th overal1, and seventh in 
the Petite Final, as the entire field 
dropped far back from the Petite 
winner, Sacramento State. 

The top six boats in qualifying 
compete in the Grand Final, with 
the next six, or in tlie varsity four 
case, remaining boats, racing in 
the Petite Final. The final six boats 
race in the Third Final. 

The women's varsity eight 
managed a ninth place overall, and 
third in the Petite Final, behind the 
winner, USC, and runner-up Mill 
College of Oakland. 

"The re ult were about where 
our ability hould have put us. At 
the time, it was omewhat di ap-
pointing because the second half 
of the eason we pulled off orne 
impre sive victorie . 

"But when I looked at the 500 
meter splits, I don't see how we 
could have finished any higher," 
women's Head Coach Jack 
Vallerga said of tht varsity eight 
and four finishes. 

"Without question or equivo-
cation, this was one of the best 
crews we've ever had .. .I'd put it 
in the top two," Vallerga added. 

On the men 's side, the varsity 
eight finished fourth in the Petite 
Final and 1 Olh overall, to complete 
a banner year. 

The Triton varsity eight finished 
the season undefeated in dual-meet 
races and won the Hartley Cup in 
the SDCCs. 

"We're a couple of years be-
hind (perennial power and overall 
winner) Washington," Shannon 
said. "Before, we lacked the dedi-
cation. We have it now." 

The JV eight turned in the top 
men 's performance with a seventh 
pIa e fini h overall, and a first pIa e 
run in the Petite Final. 

The men ' novice eight also 
won it bracket, the Third Final, 
for 13th place overall. 

The men' fro hlnovicefourfin-
ished third in the Petite Final and 
ninth overall. 


