
The· UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Trial Commences 
For Medical Student 
Accused of Murder 
By SETH SLATER 
Editor In Chief 

Despite delays, the end of jury 
selection in San Diego Superior 
Court yesterday marked the begin-
ning of the murder trial of Charlie 
Richardson, who was a UCSD 
Medical School student in 1988 
when he was charged with the slay-
ing of his wife. 

Richardson has pleaded not 
guilty to the charge of murder in 
the strangling homicide of Maria 
Richardson, whose body was found 
at her workplace in El Cajon in 
December of 1988. 

cutor Laurie Roonie had informed 
Haller that she is taking prescrip-
tion medication for bronchitis and 
expressed concern over how long 
her voice rnight last. 

"There are sometimes when I 
just can't predict our schedulir:g," 
the judge told potential jurors who 
were still in the middle of the se-
lection process. 

"Physically, [the continueation 
is] a matter of being able to pay at-
tention and be fit and do a good 
job," she said. 

Haller repeatedly advised the 
jury, which was finalized late yes-

See MURDER, page 7 

VOLUME 69, #13 THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15,1990 

Brian MorrWGuardian 
Pulitzer Prize-winner Taylor Branch discussed the relationships between the black and 
Jewish communities since the Civil Rights Movement. See s10ry below. Testimony was expected to 

begin this week, but the illness of 
attorneys and the death of 
Richardson's father resulted in a 
court recess until Feb. 20. 

Revelle Senior Commits Suicide Off Bridge 
Richardson learned of his 

father's death during a brief recess 
from proceedings on Tuesday. 
After hearing the news, Richardson 
appeared aggitated and sighed fre-
quently while tapping a pen on the 
table in front of him. 

Rick Siref, the public defender 
representing Richardson, then 
moved for a continuation after 
informing the court of the situ-
ation. Siref also mentioned his own 
flu-related physical discomfort. 
SuperiorC04rt Judge Judith Haller 
granted the motion. 

Earlier in the morning, prose-

By JASON SNELL 
Associate News Editor 

A Revelle College senior com-
mitted suicide by jumping from a 
freeway overpass early Friday 
morning, accordin~ to UCSD and 
San Diego Police. 

The body of David Peter Simer-
man, 23, was discovered at ap-
proximately 4:30 a.m. on Feb. 9 by 
a California Highway Patrol offi-
cer, according to Bill Robinson, 
public information officer for the 
San Diego Police. 

Simerman's body was found on 
the center island of Interstate 5 

Black! Jewish Relations 
Discussed By Author 
By HANNAH BIANCHINI several memben of the panel 
GtMJTtIlan R!/NI!*" were IbIent. 

Dealina with etbnic iuues is J_ Williams. a reporter for 
just as sensitive in the 1990s as the Wcr.rltbt&tOll POll, was un-
it has ever been because of IbIetoaaeadbec_ be was re-
people's deeply held beliefs. ....._NoIaoaMlDdela'sre-
This feeltna \¥II evident last .... in CIpetown, South M-
Monday 'Nt. 1bird Colle., .rica. IDd I..eonInI Fein, the au-
celebrIred ita 20eb anniversary tborofJVwe AN W, Now: The 
with a public lecture on '"The IIfIIIIr Ufr 0/ AIrwrka' $ Jews 
ReIationIbip ..... Blacb \¥11m. 
and Jews S_dIe Civilltiabll Bnncb. who is neilhoi' black 
Movemeat." DOl' JewiIb, explored the rela-

WbatwMlCheduledtobea doaabip between bIacb and · 
.,.net diSCUIIioa feaaarina 1eY- Jews ia .... UDiIed s... usiDa 
eralexpertaon blalDdJewiIh .... YIIIIP point of III outaider 
relations betwne a IecIuN by lOobierve tbinp tbat"people in 
Taylor B ....... IUCbor of ... 1be ..... c:ulbnCllJDOtaeeabout 
Pulitzer-PrI»-wiDnina book themselves.. to as they are too' 
Ptuting. W.",.,,: Alwrlar 111 «II!IC!dqaaIly involved. 
the Km, Y,..,./9J4-6j, when See ULA11ONS, ..... 3 

Inside .•. 
.OPINION ........... .4 FEATURES 

beneath the Old Miramar Rd. 
bridge, Robinson said. 

According to Robinson, UCSD 
Police Officer John Cresap saw 
Sirnerman, who lived in the Revelle 
Apartments, walking alone on the 
bridge at around 4 a.m. 

Cresap later heard the radio 
message describing the discovery 
of Simerman' s body, and realized 
that the person he had seen matched 
the victim's description, accord-
ing to UCSD Police investigators. 

According to the San Diego 
County Coroner, the official cause 
of death was "multiple blunt force 
injuries" caused by the fall. 

Robinson said there were no 
signs of injuries on Simerman's 
body that could not have been 
caused by the fall, and there were 

no signs of a struggle on the bridge. 
The police report stated that 

among Simerman's personal ef-
fects found at the scene were an 
appointment card from UCSD's 
Psychological Services and a re-
ceipt for a prescription drug. 

Simerman's appointment with 
UCSD's Psychological Services 
had been for the afternoon previ-
ous to his death. 

Due to laws regarding the con-
fidential nature of the relationship 
between psychologists and their 
patients, Clinical DirectorofUCSD 
Psychological Services Ri"Chard 
Whitehill was not able to confirm 
whether Simerman had been under 
regular treatment or if he had at-
tended his Thursday appointtnent. 

However, Whitehill was un-

aware of the existence of the ap-
pointtnent card, and indicated that 
he would be interested in seeing it. 

The receipt found in 
Simerman's possession was for the 
prescription drug Prozac, dated 
Dec.18 and prescribed for two 
months. 

According to Anthony Man-
oguerra, director of the Regional 
Poison Center at UCSD, Prozac is 
used in treating depression. 

"The drug would be given to 
people who are usually under a 
psychiatrist's care for a serious 
depression disorder. [Prozac) is a 
relatively new drug that's safer 
than some of the older ones that 
have been used," Manoguerra said. 

Though an autopsy on Sirner-
See SUICIDE, page 7 

A.S. Allocates Sun God Funding 
By MARY BETTY HEARD Choice Forum could be consid- tee, chaired by Molly McKay. Of 
Senior Staff Writer ered a politically focused event. the $11,757 requested by the 

The AS. bylaws state that the AS. committee, $6,350 was allocated 
The Associated Students ap- cannot sponsor such events. last night; a decision on the other 

proved allocations of funds last Commissioner of Operations $5,407 was postponed until next 
night to Students for Pro-Choice and Services Jim Edwards, who week. 
for a Pro-Choice Forum and to the submitted the proposal, said that in The $6,350 allocated last night 
Sun God Festival Committee for order for the by laws to apply to the will go to programming for the 
the Sun God Festival. Pro-Choice Forum, it would have festival. 

The Pro-Choice Forum, the to be in support of or in opposition According to McKay, the com-
narne of which was amended from to a political candidate, ballotmeas- mittee intends to give $300 each to 
Pro-Choice Rally to remove politi- ure, or funding for a political party. the two bands that win a Battle of 
cal connotations, will take place "This event does none of'these; the Bands competition designed to 
on March 2 at Revelle Plaza be- therefore, the bylaws do not ap- "get UCSD into the festival, in-
tween 11:45 a.m. and 1:15 p.m. ply," Edwards said He added that stead of making it all outside 

The forum will include such the AS. "has funded many politi- sources." 
speakers as State Senator Lucy cal speakers at UCSD: leftist views, In response to concerns over 
Killea and Dr. Z. Kripke of UCSD rightist views, and just because we the amount of the allocation, 
Health Services. bring them here doesn't mean we McKay said that her committee 

Some AS. members were re- support their views." "will probably come back next 
luctant to allocate the requested The A.S. also allocated funding week with a lower figure, probably 
$739 because they felt the Pr0- to the Sun God Festival Commit- [totaling] under $10,000." 

HIATUS SPORTS 
• FEATURES ........ 8 
• HIATUS ......... HI 

Th. future Growth TIt. Primitive. 
Get Pure 

M. Hoop Set. School 
Record for Win. 1 0 

• SPORTS ........... IO OfUCSD 8 



·~UCSDNEWS 
Five Films On Homosexuality To 
Be Presented On Friday By CWD 

The Committee for World Democracy, as pan of its 
political film series, will present "Women Loving," a 
program of five films discussing homosexuality. 

The fi ve fi lms are: "Dyketactics," a film abou t lesbian 
touch, sensuality, and sexuality; "Double Strength." 
about an experimental , poetic, and pas ionate relation-
ship between two trapeze anists; "Women I Love," 
described by its director as "a personal extension of my 
body, my personality, lesbian lovers, a new camera, 
celebration, [and) play footage collected overfive years"; 
"Susana," the coming-out tory of a young Argentine 
lesbian growing up in a homophobic environment; and 
"In the Best Interest of the Children," exploring the 
struggle for child custody by lesbian parents. 

"Women Loving" will be shown Friday at 7 p.m. in 
TLH m7. Admission is free. 

UCSD Professor's Pulitzer Piece 
Will Be Performed At Mandeville 

The 1989 Pulitzer Prize-winning composition "Whis-
pers Out of Time," by UCSD Professor Roger Reynolds, 
will make its West Coast premiere at 8 p.m. tonight in 
Mandeville Auditorium. The performance will include 
soloists Peter Farrell, cello; Janos Negyesy, violin; Yun-
Jie Liu , viola; and Betram Turetzky, contrabass. 

Also on the program will be Bach' s Brandenburg 
Concerto No. 4, with three soloists: Negyesy, violin; 
John Fonville, flute; and Damian Bursill-Hall, flute; and 
a second Reynolds work titled "Transfigured Wind 11," 
a piece written for flutist Harvey Sollberger, who will 
guest-conducl the San Diego Symphony Orchestra for 
this University co-sponsored Pulitzer Series concert. 

Reynolds, renowned for his use of digital technology 
in combination with tradilional instruments , wrote 
"Whispers Out of Time" for string orchestra while he 
was a visiting professor at Amherst College in the fall of 
1988. The 25-minute piece for a 23-member string 
ensemble received its first performance at Amherst in 
December, 1988. 

Reynolds said that the title of the work is taken from 
a line in the Pulitzer Prize-winning poem "Self-Portrait 

Calvin and Hobbes 

in a Convex Mirror," by the contemporary American 
poet John Ashbery. Reynolds was so taken with Ashbery' s 
poem that he was inspired to write an analog in sound. 
"My thought was to examine the circumstances that had 
stimulated the poet and to follow musically, where 
possible, the processes thaI he used, or at least the 
processes that his words suggesled." 

"Transfigured Wind II," a 35-minute work fororches-
tra, flute, and quadraphonic tape, debuted at the Lincoln 
Center, New York in 1984, at the Horizons '84 Festival. 
Sollberger was solo flutist, and Pulilzcr Prize-winner 
Charles Wuorinen conducted. The taped electronic por-
tion of "Transfigured Wind II" is derived from flute 
sounds recorded by Sollberger. 

San Diego Firm To Help Design 
New Social Sciences Building 

UCSD has selected the San Diego-based firm of 
Brown, Gimber,Rodriguez, Park, Architecture and Plan-
ning in association with Gwathmey, Siegel, and Associ-
ates, Architects, New York, as the executive architect of 
its new $11 million Social Sciences Building. 

The new building, which will house the depanments 
of anthropology, political science, sociology, teacher 
education program, and urban studies and planning, will 
be located in the central area of campus. It is one of 
several new campus buildings called for in the 
University's Long Range Development Plan. An Eco-
nomics Building to be designed in relationship to the 
Social Sciences Building is planned for the future. 

Social Sciences will constitute one of the U ni versity' s 
five academic corridors, a campus planning concept that 
divides UCSD into five differenl academic blocks. The 
other four include humanities, math/engineering/phys-
ics, life sciences, and marine sciences. 

Work has begun on the programming phase of the 
Social Sciences Building project, and final site selection 
is pending. Design development work is to begin in mid-
1991; construction should get underway in 1992. 

Career Services Offers Program 
For Media-Oriented Students 

The Career Services Center is sponsoring a special 
program 10 help students interesting in writing, public 
relations, advertising, video/film production, entenain-
ment, and the arts find jobs in those competitive fields. 
WECAN (Writing/Entenainment/Communications/ Arts 
Network) will match students with a professional in the 

by Bill Watterson 

R£~O~~'/ .. . 
Alt'<\I>II<\ .. .. 

\ 

C/>..N 1 JIJS'\' l\J\n\ OfF \!lO\( . t'll ~\)S\ 

CM HO ! r .lUS\' R£~I£REO 
T\\,.T TO (¥>," IS 'SI\(NoI /lNO 
1m' 0,. ~. I NtE> 9JIoI.£ 
"\HINt) TO SI-\otl ,&.NO lt~ 

A'iJ)JI.' 

~t-\\)M.R.. IS "".'J I<:"I 11\£ T'oJ . 'Hr..\C\\ ~ .£,« 
?..£.oSt.>? OK. j\lST "'oRO. COIOO.IlCI~C;, 
Ie "' 1~\lr£S ' nl£1-I (l(.? Sti, \\[R(s 
l'U GC SI1l.r..I~i 11) M~ ~ ~~QQ.,n: 
SED! H~t "'1~\lTE'S ! GU'" ~~I1CIl\l! 

' - """-. ..,',- JIlST m E 
"'1" \I\'iS . ~ ? 

field who will meet with them, one-on-one, to critique 
their ponfolio, give them job search advice, and, where 
appropriate, "contacts." Program requirem~nts, includ-
ing attendance at a Ponfolio Preparation Workshop on 
Tuesday, Feb. 20, must be completed by Friday, March 
9. Applications may be picked up at the Career Services 
Center. 

c. UCNEWS ) 
President Bush Tours Lawrence 
Livermore Laboratory Facilities 

President George Bush toured the facilities at law-
rence Livermore National Laboratory last week and 
praised a group of 300 employees for their role in 
building the country 's nuclear deterrent. 

"Let me thank all of you at the lab for helping to 
preserve the world peace," Bush told the audience, many 
of whom are employed working on some of the nalion's 
most secretive defense programs. "The strength of our 
nuclear deterrent has helped to guard the peace and 
freedom of our country." 

Lawrence Livermore is one of two nuclear weapons 
labs managed by the University of California Board of 
Regents for the Depanment of Energy. Its contract with 
the Regents comes up for renewal in September. 

Aides said Bush is touring California this week in an 
effort to show that the United States needs to maintain its 
nuclear arsenal. He arrived at the Lawrence Livermore 
compound aboard the Air Force One helicopter, flying 
over about 150 protestors outside the lab. 

Many of the employees at Lawrence Livermore are 
working on the space-based anti-missile shield known as 
"Star Wars" and the "Brilliant Pebbles" orbiting missile-
defense system. Bush reiterated his suppon for both pro-
grams, calling them "promising concepts." 

"The technology you are now researching, testing, 
and developing will strengthen deterrence," he said. " In 
the 1990s, strategiC defense makes much more sense 
than ever before, in my view." 

The President's proposed budget seeks $900 million 
more for the "Star Wars" program and an increase of 
$200 million for the "Brilliant Pebbles" project. But with 
overall cutbacks expected in the defense budget, the 
lab's future may look bleak- it is expected to face large-
scale layoffs next year. 

Chris O 'Connor 
UCB Daily Californian 
~ompi1ed by Catherine Dille, News Editor 

and Jason Snell, AssociaU News Editor 

The Future Of The UC: 
The UC plans to eventually build three new 
campuses, one each in the North, Central, 
and South regions of the state. 

AJ.Mda. Alpine. A/nadof, auu., CkIuea. Contra 
Colla. 011 Norte, El Dotado, Glenn, HumboIdI, 
LIM. lMIen. MIrIn, M.ndocino. Modoc, NIpa, 
Nevada, P'-r, Plumu, Sacramento. San 
FI'InCiIoo, San Mateo, Santa CItra. Santa Cruz. 
sr.ta, SIerra, SIeIdyou, Solano, Sonoma. SUtler, 
T .... TrInIy, VoIo, lIIdVubacoundM. 

Imperial. Los Angeles. Orange. 
Riveralde, Santa BartIara. San 
Bernardino. San Olego. and 
Ventura counties. 

Clllaveru, Fresno. 111)'0. 
Kern. Kings, Madera , 
Mar1poIa. Merced. Mono. 
Monterey. San BenIto. San 
Joaquin. San luis ObIspo. 
Stanislaus, Tulare, and 
Tuolumne counties. 

Soun:e: Uoivenlly of California 
Jeff QUln & Jason SnelllGlIQI'dIali 

Th~, February IS, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Graduate Student Employees 
Consider Unionizing On Campus 
By MELINDA HAMILTON 
Staff Writer 

In an attempt to gain employee 
recognition and address graduate 
student worker needs at UCSD, 
graduate students have begun to 
organize for collective bargaining 
through the Association of Student 
Employees. 

After four weeks of actively 
recruiting members, the Associa-
tion of Student Employees (ASE) 
has 100 members - almost 10 
percent of the 1,500 graduate stu-
dent employees on campus, ac-
cording to John Sullivan, literature 
department teaching assistant 
(TA). 

According to Sullivan, the pur-
pose of ASE is to help graduate 
students as a group work with the 
administration to meet their needs 
as employees. 

"In all mallers concerning work 
or employee-related issues, ASE 
would be the official representa-
tive of the student workers," Sulli-
van said. 

"The student would not go as an 
indi vidual, but have the strength of 
the whole working community." 

ASE will survey graduate stu-
dent workers later this quaner or 
early spring quarter to determine 
the general issues of concern. Is-
sues on the survey will include 
salary, health care benefits, class 
size, workload, tuition, and fee 

waivers, according to Sullivan. 
Many of the graduate students 

work more than 20 hours a week-
a heavier workload than they are 
paid for- and should be compen-
sated for the extra time, Sullivan 
said. 

According to Sullivan, teach-
ing assistants in the literature de-
partment have begun to keep track 
of their hours so that when ASE 
contacts the administration, they 
will have documentation to back 
them up on their argument that 
TAs and research assistants (RAs) 
work more than 20 hours a week. 

On the issue of fee waivers, 
Sullivan pointed to private univer-
sities that pay their student work-

ers' tuitions for them, while the 
UC requires TAs and RAs to pay 
their own fees. 

"To be in competition with other 
universities, UCSD needs to be 
able to altract quality people," 
Sullivan said. 

ASE has not had any contact 
with the administration yet, as 
members are still in the research 
gathering and organization stages. 

ASE patterns itself after the 
Association of Graduate Student 
Employees (AGSE), the student 
union at UC Berkeley, which4s 
affiliated with District 65 of the 
United Auto Workers. 

Last week, Michael Thompson, 
a member of AGSE's executive 

REI "ATIO NS ing~nnchsaidtbalblacksandJews 
Coadued from ..... 1 have not only enlarged the public 

Bmoch'smainempbasiswas sphere of American democracy, 
ontbevast"inwarcf..tumingnes but they alsoarouscdsensitivity to 
in the U.S. and around the world questionsconcemingcultural ideo-
8I11OIli blacks and Jew •• Branch tity. 
defined inward-turning as when Pride was also a key issue for 
a c:ulture feels rejected by the Branch. He saw it as the dominant 
outside world and consequently emotion tbal generalized the in-
turns its focus inward on itself. ward-cumingtbatcbaracterizedthe 

He said of non-mainstream Black Power movement and the 
CUllUleS, "Blacks andJcws share Iewilb Power movement. Branch 
in American history-and prior said pride is the fundamental con-
history too- a common cycle nection between the two. 
between periods of assimilatioa Branch explained tbat there is a 
as a breaJtjng-down-cioors or good and bad side to pride. "Heed 
outward movement. reform • just enough pride 10 light up the 
psychology and inward-tum- humaa soul.but not enough to ~lind 

board and negotiating committee, 
and Patricia Vattuone, AGSE's 
lead orgomizer, spoke to a small 
gathering of graduate students here 
about their experiences unionizing 
graduate students at Berkeley. 

Thompson and Vattuone helped 
organize an effective two-day 
walkout supponed by many staff 
members and undergraduate stu-
dents at UCB last May. 

AGSE and ASE are seeking to 
change the way the University 
defines the position of graduate 
student RAs and TAs. Currently, 
the UC defines these workers as 
students, not employees, based on 
a ruling of the Public Employee 
Relations Board (pERB). 

PERB, which regulates legal 
relationships between workers and 
employees, ruled in 1985 in favor 
of the graduate students, legall y 
obligating the University to recog-
nize them as employees. 

anyone to the humanity of anyone 
else or to the reverence of the larger 
purpose of humanity," Branch 
quoted from the Bible. 

"Even when we are separate, 
we need to realize how much sen-
Sitivity, how much identity, and 
how much potential is contained in 
the common tradition between 
blacks and Jews in subjugating 
pride and realizing the fUleSt as-
pects of both cultures," Branch 
said 

Following Branch's presenta-
tion, there was a question-and-
answer period. 

One man asked why after four 
decades in which Jews helped 
blacks, tbal black leaders such as 

NEWS 3 

The University appealed the rul-
ing, however, and last April PERB 
reversed the decision, recognizing 
only readers, tutors, and associate 
instructors as employees. RAs and 
T As- which make up the vast 
majority of the student teaching 
staff- were ruled to be primarily 
students and, therefore, not em-
ployees. 

If the University fails to recog-
nize RAs and T As as employees, 
the graduate students may decide 
to unionize and affiliate with an es-
tablished union, Sullivan said. 

"In order to become a union, 50 
percent plus one of the workers 
would have to be members of 
ASE," Sullivan said. "The em-
ployer is then required by law to 
enter into collective bargaining." 

Unionization would make the 
students more visible, as well as 
give them rights to negotiate con-
tracts with the UC, Sullivan said. 

Jesse Jackson and Louis Farra-
khan are displaying anti-Semitic 
attitudes towards them in return. 
One woman said that no one 
could speak for these leaders 
and explain what their attitudes 
and beliefs were. 

There were also conflicting 
views on whether there was ac-
tually a problem in black/Jewish 
relations. A reporter from the 
Jewish Times said, "What really 
lies at the problem of Jewish/ 
black relations rests on the fact 
that despite the spiritual link, the 
problems that face Jews in this 
world, whether it' s in the Middle 
East orin the U.S., and the prob-

See RELATIONS, page 7 

ALL STUDENTS WELCOME TO ATTEND!!! DONIT GET A 
SUMMER JOB 

u 
Given By 

STUDENT BODY PRESIDENT 
JOHN RAMIREZ 

and 
COLLEGE REPRESENTATrvES 

FRIDAY 
FEBRUARY 16, 1990 

PRICE CENTER PLAZA 
12: 15 - 1:00 pm 

Addressing Concerns and Issues 
presently affecting the Students at UCSD. 
QUESTIONI ANSWER SESSION 

1:00 - 2:00 pm 
PrIce Center, 3rd Floor 
Conference Room '8 

SPONSORED BY ASUCSD 

s GET A SUMMER MANAGEMENT 
INTERNSHIPI 

Spencer Pe~ 
U.c. RiverSIde 

ASK THESE CALIFORNIA STUDENTS 
WHAT THEY DID LAST SUMMER 
When you do, they will tell you of Long Hours and Hard Work; 
of the most Stressful Experience of their lives; of earning $8,000 
to $30,000 in one summer; and of the Greatest Training and 
Learning Experience of their lives! 

Call our Head Office at 1-800-426-
6441 for an application or to put you 
in touch with other California Students 
who didn't get a summer job, but got a 
Summer Management Internship! 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 15, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER, Editor in Chief 
DA VID WYNER, Managing Editor 
ANTON BITTNER, News Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, ews Editor 
DA VID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

TIte UCSDGuardJOII is poblishtd I .. icc: 'IIt'ff:Uy It IheUnlvcrsdyofCalifomla. San Diego Contents 01990. 
V~sexpressed hctt'in n:presc.nllhe majOrity VOle ofdtecdhonal board. and Ilre 1\01 n«:eSS&rily lhose of the 
UC Board of Rc:.:c:nlS. lhe ASUCSO. nor the enl~ Guardian swr. 

Nelson Mandela 

Hope For South Africa 
It was an extraordinarily exhilarating moment in a time of 

many exhilarating moments. Nelson Mandela, imprisoned for 
over two and a half decades, was freed last weekend. His 
captivity was the strongest symbol of the repressiveness of 
apartheid; even the awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to Arch-
bishop Desmond Tutu did not take away Mandela's aura as the 
absent leader of the opposition. 

South African President F.W. de Klerk' reasons for freeing 
him are complex, but the strongest one must have been a need for 
a single leader of the opposition, who could bargain for all of the 

country's non-whites. The South African economy is in shambles, 
the flames of resistance have never flared brighter, and violent 
revolution is no longer just a remote risk. But there was no 
agreed-upon leader of the resistance. Except Mandela. 

Mandela was not released sooner because he refused to re-
nounce the use of violence to end apartheid. On the surface, this 
is a reasonable request. Martin Luther King Jr. did not need to use 
violence. Mahatma Gandhi did not need to use violence. 

But Mandela was facing one of the most repressive govern-
ments in the non-communist world. The threat of violence was 
one of the only bargaining tools the opponents of apartheid had. 
The African National Congress's use of violence should not be 
praised, but it cannot be wholly conderrmed. 

Now there are two questions: what sort of society should South 
Africa have, and how should it be reached? The options range 
from a return to the most repressive apartheid - the dream of 
some radical Afrikaners - to a violent revolution and the instal-
lation of a communist government, the dream of many leaders of 
the anti-apartheid movement. 

It would be unfortunate if South Africa slipped into the same 
errors which led to repression in China and the Soviet Union, and 
the major portion of Africa. South Africa needs a government 
which protects the rights of the minority - not just the white 
minority, but other non-white racial groups. There has been a 
great deal of tension between many tribal and religious groups in 
South Africa, which could explode into another Burundi , the east 
central African country which had a bloody inter-tribal massacre 
several years ago. 

A limited constitutional government with strong protection of 
individual rights would serve South Africa well. Another virtue 
of a limited government is that it reduces the stakes of politics; 
there is not so much to gain by holding political power. This will 
free non-whites to pursue the goal which will truly end apartheid: 
winning economic empowerment. 

The first step is to end the state of emergency. Then , says 
Mandela, negotiations can begin. But it i vital that the South 
African government does not try to dish out reform in small 
doses. That will risk an explosion of violence. South African 
whites must work with Mandela and other non-white leaders to 
form a new constitution, and then they must brace themselves, 
and make the leap. Apartheid must end. 

A.S. Council Should Control Programming 
Editor: 

Every year, at the beginning of 
each Guardial1 issue, a member of 
the UCSD Guardian Editorial 
Board positions him/herself for a 
royal ridicule. Congratulations, 
Mr. David Burkhart, for volun-
teering yourself to represent The 
Guardian in the public auction! 
Let'sdispense with the small prim. 

It appears that whenever an 
ethnic issue is brought up, the 
dominant culture sees it as being 
oversensitive. It is true that this 
year's TGIFs have succeeded in 
creating more unity between stu-
dents. The only problem is that 
this unity is being reinforced 
among studems who don't experi-
ence a problem with it. Instead of 
creating a bond of support among 
diversified students, I can confi-
dently say you have failed, Matt 
Schnurer (A.S. Programming 
Commissioner). In fact, you have 
distanced many students of color 
from the prevalent Caucasian stu-
dent population. At least the reg-
gae bands last year helped to 
expand and not reduce cultural 
interaction. Many races listen to 
reggae! An exceptional few might 
wander across bands like Mojo 
Nixon or Red Rag in a bad dream ! 

Programming hasn't taken care 
of culturally diversified bands. So 
calling it oversensitive is a cop-
out. What will you do, Mr. Burk-
hart, when students of color be-
come the majority of the student 
population? Will you change your 
colors like a chameleon or con-
tinue to draw on fragments of 
hypothetical dung from the "in-
former," Matt Schnurer!? 

In reference to Elvis, the first 
sign of trouble was the bogus 
proposal of a week to celebrate the 
bigot. All you have to do is put the 
same intensity into your study of 
Elvis Presley, "The King of Rock 
and Roll," as you put into your 
Revelle or other studies of West-
ern Civilization Humanities 
courses. No, it's not surprising for 
him to have definitely uttered 
racially insensitive remarks, but it 
is inexcusable for an educated man 
to blatantly display his ignorance. 

Mr. Burkhart, Mr. Burkhart, 
it's very disheartening to me to 
come across such a misinformed 
individual. Let me update you on 

CAVNA 

A.S. procedures in electing an ex-
officio memberl First, one must 
attend a personnel meeting where 
he/she is interviewed by a few 
A.S. members. Later that same 
day, that particular individual is 
voted on by the entire A.S. coun-
cil. Two-third majority vote is 
needed in order for this person to 
become an ex-officio member. 

Speaking on the issue of pres-
sure, I must admit sympathy is 
what the programmer needs right 
about now! He had enough cour-

age to run for the position and 
pressures are apart of the job. The 
question is whether he's thequali-
fied individual that should be 
holding this position. What we 
must remember is that a "good" 
programmer would willingly want 
to schedule cultu ral TGs as a nor-
mal part of the year-long curric-
ula. Matthew does not have the 
right to run his office the way he 
wants. He has an obligation to 
represent his constituencie . 
See PROGRAMMING, page 6 

Fighting Words Policy Good 
Editor: 

I'd like to address a fear that 's been festering in the hearts of many 
people here on campus as oflate, as reflected in the words of the editorial 
"Silliness in the A.S. : Our Representatives?" (Feb. 5). The fear comes 
from change, and it is reflected in the way people here on campus have 
reacted to issues addressed by members of the A.S. Council under John 
Ramirez. I'd like to address one issue in particular, the Fighting Words 
Policy, and how this issue is linked to the "oversensitivity to ethnic 
issues" by the A.S Council. 

I applaud that " there is a strong possibility that the A.S. will support 
the [Fighting Words) policy." While it "punishes students who use 
words "likely to provoke a violent response,'" punishment should not be 
the mai n force behind compliance to the policy. Adherence to a rule for 
fear of punishment, be it physical or not, is characteristic of the reason 
a child would adhere to a rule. The policy asks of everyone to leave this 
childish cycle by "growing up" and considering the other reasons why 
one should adhere to the rules - for reasons beyond that of a child's. It 
asks all who speak to first consider the ramifications of what they say and 
how it affects others. For this reason, it is not an impingement on our 
freedom of speech, but rather a call to what is expected of those who are 
of "the cool reason of academia." 

Is it an impingement on the freedom of speech to ask a person not to 
refer condescendingly to another by using terms that, for instance, stress 
the color of your skin, the gender that you are or the beliefs that you hold? 
I think it isn't. "Free discourse [and] discussion of controversial issues 
far from the emotionalism of the outside world" can come about from 
those of "the cool reason of academia" only if adults (grown-ups) can 
speak without using insensitive, emotionally-charged words that will 
"provoke a violent response." In other words, use of "fighting words" 
incited the "emotionalism" we strive to avoid (supposedly). 

I think the Fighting Words Policy is one reflection of change that is 
coming over this campus and the UC system as a whole. 1 also feel it 's 
beneficial. An atmosphere where the needs and sensitivities of every 
person are met can exist only when people take the time to consider 
others first , rather than themsel ves. It forces people to raise their level 
of consciousness, to be better than they are, and to not be satisfied with 
"the nonn." 

Hearing the A.S. Council characterized as having "oversensitivity to 
ethnic issues" and this "oversensitivity" being what is "wrong" with this 
year's council reflects to me, and to other students of color, the 
selfishness, lack of care and insensitivity by many people here on 
campus. The fact that issues of ethnicity have been brought up more this 
year by people who are on A.S. and by those who are more aware of 
opinions other than that of " the norm" shows me that the needs of people 
of color here at UCSD have been ignored for a long time. The fact that 

See FIGHTING, page 6 

We. tinally 
captur~c!. the culprits 

of :ms deliriwn ... 
they:re inside. the 
black and white .... 

Thursday, February 15, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

The A.S. Council Is Not 'Silly' 
Editor: 

I am writing in regard to an editorial and 
a column in the Opinion section of the Feb. 
5 edition of The Guardian entitled "Silli-
ness in the A.S., Our Representatives?" and 
"A.S. and Programming: TGs at Risk?" 

Although 1 can clearly understand the 
views expressed in these articles, I am most 
disturbed by their lack of depth and under-
standing. The three main points seemed to 
focus on (I) "oversensitivity," (2) the A.S. 
stand on the Fighting Words Policy, and (3) 
TGs. I will address each of these points in 
that order. 

The editorial claims that the heart of all 
problems in the A.S. is "oversensitivity to 
ethnic issues" and that this kind of problem 
is "laughably silly." I most vehemently 
disagree. 

For the first time in many years, perhaps 
the first time in UCSD history, the students 
chose to elect a truly diverse and represen-
tative student government. What The Guard-
ian refers to as oversensitivity is merely the 
beginning of sensitivity and awareness. 
People are not being oversensitive (Can 
someone truly be too sensitive? Can some-
one be too aware of olhcr people's concerns 

and beliefs?); they are just beginning to 
become aware of, and respond to, non-
traditional perspectives. 

A council with a diverse membership 
means a council with a broad and diverse 
number of concerns and beliefs. It is unfor-
tunate that such a variety of backgrounds 
and viewpoints often results in disagree-
ment, bickering, and arguments , but these 
are also the essential flTSt steps toward 
mutual respect and understanding. 

I believe that a diverse council is a posi-
tive thing. It is also apparent that this diver-
sity can bring much disagreement and ten-
sion. The solution lies not with eliminating 
the controversy by redUCing the level of 
sensitivity and quashing the views of 
members of council. It lies with truly listen-
ing and trying to understand all of the per-
spectives presented. 

It is important to remember that what 
anyone person or group might view as 
hannless, silly or just in good fun, might 
also be highly insulting or offensive to 
another. There is a mutual obligation in 
these situations to hear anolhcr's perspec-
tive, and to understand that, in most situ-
ations, the intentions of both parties are 

good. The solution is not to eliminate the 
diversity of the disagreement, and to de-
velop mutually acceptable solutions. 

The article then attacks theA.S. stand on 
the Fighting Words Policy. It argues that 
the Fighting Words Policy is "an affront to 
the principle offree speech ... [and] may be 
a direct violation of the First Amendment." 
It then states that the A.S. is "negligent" for 
taking so long to respond to it and "irre-
sponsible" not to oppose it. Again, I could 
not disagree more. 

To begin with, the policy is based upon 
a Supreme Court case, Chab/insky v. New 
Hampshire. In fact, the first portion of the 
policy was taken verbatim from the Su-
preme Court holding. The entire goal of the 
policy is to protect the free expression of 
ideas by making "fighting words," which 
often intimidate free speech, a violation of 
UC policy. I am not arguing in defense of 
the policy; I am only trying to illustrate that 
this policy, its intentions, and its possible 
effects are truly complex. To state that such 
a policy is "at odds with everything that a 
university stands for" is irresponsibte and 
based upon a failure to truly consider all 
aspects of this issue. 

To argue that the A .S. should be 
"ashamed of itself for even contemplating 

p 

the support of such a disgraceful policy" is 
appalling. Every govemment and govem-
ment member has a right and an obligation 
to consider and contemplate both sides of 
every issue. To suggest anything else is at 
odds with everything a university stands 
for. 

After much debate, the resolution in 
support of the policy was withdrawn. This 
too was valid. Because the k.S. is a repre-
sentative body for the students at UCSD, 
whenever it passes a resolution, it speaks on 
behalf of the students. When a council is as 
divided on an issue as it was with the 
Fighting Words Policy , it would seem irre-
sponsible to me for the Council to state that 
the students have a unanimous opinion. 

The next article then argues that "The 
A.S. Council should let Matt [Schnurer) be 
Matt, and keep its collective nose out of 
programming." At first glance, this seems 
to be a fair and reasonable request. He was 
elected by the students as the A.S. commis-
sioner of programming, and he should be 
allowed to do his job. 

The fact we must all remember is that 
because members of government are elected 
by the students, and are using the students ' 
money, they are also accountable to the 

See COUNCIL, page 6 

BAR' GRILL' PIZZA' PASTA 

v 
ITALIAN CUISINE 

COME ON DOWN! 
UCSD'S beautiful "Bar by the Beach" 

also features fine dining and live music 

Summer Employment in Ca]jfomia 
Yosemite Park and Curry Co. offers you the opportunity to live and work 
in one of the world's most beautiful sites. The "Yosemite Experience" is a 
tradition of unexcelled guest service. If you have the ability to work hard 
and smile, now is your chance to join our tearn. 

We will have a representative on campus 

February 16 
Interviews will be held for a variety of positions in all areas of hospitality 
service in our hotels, restaurants, retail, recreational, and support 
facilities. Housing available to applicant only. 
For further information and application, contact us at your: Career 
Placement Center. 

Yosemite Park and Curry Co. 
Yosemite National Park 
Personnel Department 
California 95389 
(209) 372-1236 

Yosemite Park and Curry Co. is an 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
AAP/MP/H/V 

1025 Prospect Ave. , Ste. 250 • 454-9711 • Validated Parking 

LA JOLLA 

UCSD FITNESS 
SPECIAL 

AND ONLY $20 Pia MONTH 
on a monthly basis 

STAIRMASTER 
LIFE CYCLES 
CHILD CARE 

AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS-HOIST 

FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 3 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

BIING-FIT ® 
3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

CloirtlmOllt SqllOr. Shopping Con"" n.or lee Words·Behind Fomovs FooIweor 

483-9294 
Also in SOSU al'lO 698·1702. P,...,t this ad and 1.0. 



6 OPINION 

ki1ko~' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Vila La Jolla Dr. 

t Tac01ime 
FREE 

DRINK RERLLS 
Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

La Jolla VIllage Center 

University of Wisconsin 
PI~ttevilie 

o 

Empt-in 
Lilon.I Arts 
Imfmotional ow.-
C_ auble illSpulish 
Ird in I!!Wioh 
Auency in Spanish noIl8jIIind 
All COWMI approved by UW·PlanmJle 
and vaJidated on an officio! 
UW·PlattevWe trwmpt 
S362S por __ for WIO<OIIIIn It 
Minn_1a ....... 11. 
S3II'I5 por __ for n .......... ll~ 

Coeit include 
Tuilion and Fe!s 
ROOII1 and BoW in Spanish hom .. 
Fieldtri ps 
All financial aids apply 
For further informabon contact 
Stu.y Abroatl P"'S1""" 
308Wam .. H.U 
U.ufenily of Wi....,an·PI. Htrijk 
I Uni fOnily Pl ... 
PlAttevW., WI SJ8t8-3099 
(601) 341·111' 

Council 
Continued from page 4 
students. Without a doubt. this 
year' s TGs have received tremen-
dous support. However, they also 
have generated a large number of 
complaints. A significant number 
of students approachedA.S. Presi-
dent John Ramirez, complaining 
about the lack of diversity in TG 
bands. While Matt is the A.S. 
programmer, John was elected by 
the same group of students as A.S. 
president. The duties of president 
are quite broad, but they include 
addressing the needs of all stu-
dents at UCSD. In my opinion, it 
is well within the right and duty of 
every member of government and 
every student to keep their "col-
lecti ve nose" in the area of pro-
gramming as well as every other 
aspect of student government. 

The specific request was for 
more diverse programming. This 
does not mean abandoning the 
current TG format, nor having all 
rap or reggae bands. Diverse, cul-
tural, non-traditional: all of these 
terms mean only one thing - va-
riety. It doesn't mean "ethnic mu-
sic," only a broader variety and 
scope than currently is offered. 

The UCSD Guardian 

An attempt to combine the current 
style of TG with a broader, more 
di verse one would allow a greater 
number of students to enjoy TGs. 
I will be the first to admit I know 
nothing about programming, but 
such a request seems reasonable 
to me. 

Finally, it seems that in the 
recent issues of The GUIlrdian, 
hunting season on President John 
Ramirez has begun. The greatest 
number of complaints seem to 
focus on two things : being 
oversensitive and intruding in the 
area of programming. Because 
John is both a colleague and a 
friend, I will try to keep this por-
tion of the letter at a philosophical 
level. If one is questioning John 
for his commitment to his beliefs 
and the tenacity with which he 
pursues them, I must ask would 
you want anything less in a public 
servant? If one respects his com-
mitments. then one's problem 
must lie with his beliefs. He was 
elected by a majority of the stu-
dents who voted in the A.S. elec-
tion. Much of his campaign fo-
cused on ethnic sensitivity and 
awareness, and he has remained 
true to these goals. I believe that 
he has been an effective le¢er of 

the ASUCSD Student Council . 
In conclusion, the A.S. Student 

Council is the elected and official 
representative body of the students 
at UCSD. We do not claim to be 
perfect, but do take our positions 
most seriously. I believe that the 
A.S. is made up of committed and 
dedicated students who are striv-
ing to meet and address the needs 
of UCSD. For every person who 
took the effort to put pen to paper 
and write 10 The GUIlrdian about 
your complaints, I commend you. 
I also beseech you to make one 
more effort and contact a member 
of the A.S .. Only with your help 
can your concerns be brought 
before the council and properly 
addressed. 

Alex Woag 
n.lJCSD a..fIn 1IIIcon_ VOW 
IIIIers IIId oalt ...... ~ ,.,.. 
.. at .. CMdIJ afIQII (on .. 
IICIIIld Ioar of the SUIn Center, 
...... A.S ........ to ... CIf 
a .. to; 

Opiian EcIDr, 1lJt ~ ~6, ucso. La .... CA 82083 
lIIIIrI IhauIcI be ... doubII-

•. ~,lIIdlhaulclfndudeaslgnllln 
:-a ..... tunbIr. We ........ 
..., ..... 1or1anglh6Vldc81ly. 

lUUlH\ RitURUS \ ~\uHl 

MARII GRAS 
PARTY SAL~~ 

Celebrate Mardi Gra~ At Tower Records 
With Savings On Over 80 Titles From 

New Orleans, Mardi Gras Cajun, Zydeco 
& Louisiana Music From Rounder Records. 
COMPACT DISCS 

11.99 

ELCAJON 
796 Fletcher Parkway 

across from Parkway Plaza 
OPEN 10 AM TO 10 PM 

CASSETTES 
·6.99 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 

VIDEO 
3393 Kemper St. 

MUSIC VIDEOS 
VIDEO SAlES & RENTALS! 

REBIRTH BRASS 
BAND 
_I Lib-

Funlrin' It Up 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Cajon Blvd. 

next to Art St. Post Off. 

Thursday, February 15, 1990 

Fighting 
Continued from page 4 
so many people have such a prob-
lem with the Fighting Words Pol-
icy, not with what it asks, but 
rather for what it punishes, shows 
me that there are a lot of childish 
people on campus. 

"Oversensitivity to ethnic is-
sues" is not the issue here, but 
rather a refusal to consider the 
student body as a whole. In a place 
where the insensitivity of "the 
norm" has lulled people into 
complacency and disregard for the 
needs of others, change is needed-
The fact that we, "the cool reason 
of academia," must have a Fight-
ing Words Policy to force out of 
some people only what thinking 
adults have to offer shows that we 
are not the people we proclaim to 
be . 

For this reason, I feel that the 
Fighting Words Policy is a good 
change. John Ramirez and the A.S. 
Council have done a lotto see that 
the needs and sensitivities of ev-
eryone are met. It's too bad that 
some spoiled children have to cry 
when they don't get what they 
want. 

Alex Bleza 

Continued from page 4 
A.S.PresidentRarnirezhasev-

ery right to second-guess Schnurer 
on the current TGs. seeing that all 
the Fall Quarter bands were sched-
uled withoutacomminee, Ramirez 
was wondering whether he was 
doing his job in representing the 
students. The repOrts that are 
submitted by Schnurertoour great 
A .S. President John Ramirez are 
not exclusively for culturally sen-
sitive events. 1bey are a fully 
inclusive gathering of all program-
ming events. 

Time is the key factor focused 
on in progranuning events. One 
should allow himself an adequate 
amount of time to fully plan when 
scheduling events with student 
funds. If you didn't know,let me 
reiterate myself. John Ramirez is 
the president of the Associated 
Students. It is his duty to oversee 
functions of the Council. Matt 

. Scbnurer is an integral pan of that 
council. This is why it makes it 
imperative that Mr. Ramirez sees 
that everything goes smoothly. 

These critics of the TGs hap-
pen to be the students who pay 
their quarterly fees to attend a 
school that is supposed to provide 
an atmosphere conducive to aquir-
ing a good education. If a different 
culture feels the TGs aren't suffi-· 
ciently filling their social need, 
that is a legitimate concern to be 
looked into. Leave education in 
the classrooms and the TGs at the 
hump. 

H black students are not into 
"Living Colour," then that group 
should not represent black stu-
dents as a cultural group. Oon't 
think superficially. Attempts to 
bring groups in based on color is 
shallow and self-serving at best. 

Whenever a person of color 
speaks out against affirmative 
action, he/she is considered a hero/ 
heroine by the dominant society. 
Even though that person is not 
speaking for the majority of people 
of color. it seems more stable 
coming from that person. This is 
what John Rami rez is alluding to 
in h is statement . If the opinion 
editor feels that the A.S. Council 
should let Matt be Matt then The 
Guardian should tay out of pro-
gramming and let the A.S. Coun-
cil be the A.S. Council. 

Vanness Harriss 

Thursday, February 15,1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

RELATIONS 
Continued from page 3 
lems that face blacks here in the 
States or in Africa are so differ-
ent ... . We have to understand 
that our problems are so differ-
ent and the problems that we 
face as people are so different. 
We have to become sensitive to 
each other's histories." 

Branch replied that even 
though blacks and Jews have 
different historical circum-
stances, what is common grows 
out of those differences. 

1be discussion took a posi-
tive tum when Susan Shirk asked 
what could reunite blacks and 
Jews. Rabbi Martin Leven from 
the Congregation of Beth E1 re-
sponded by telling of his efforts 
to celebrate a Martin Luther 
King, Jr. 's Shabbat, yet no 
blacks came and the issues con-
cerning them were only dis-
cussed by white Jews. Leven 
asked people of both races to 
stop denouncing each other, as it 
is not bringing them any closer. 

"The issue is not so much the 
conflict between the black and 
Jewish community but a lack of 
communication . . .. I would feel 
very frustrated if the evening 
ended with our all leaving and 
some feeling as I do, that we 
ought to be getting, but are not 
getting, closer," Leven said. 

Overall, the feelings about 
the evening were positive. Mae 
Brown said, "I thoroughly en-
joyed Mr. Branch's remarks. I 

think they were quite fair. I'm 
quite concerned about the rela-
tionships, or the breakdown in 
relationships, between African-
Americans and Jews, and I think 
we've worked very closely to-
gether in the past, and I think we 
can rebuild those relationships." 

Lion Koppman remarked, "I 
thought it was a wonderful pres-
entation on both sides. The 
audience's questions were rele-
vant. [Branch) didn't take 
anyone's point of view- he 
took both Jewish and black, and 
he gave some very telling points 
on both sides." 

The evening was concluded 
by Third College Provost Cecil 
Lytle, who said, "I'm not sure we 
ended on a positive note, but I 
think we've ended on a note 
where we're talking about very 
difficult, personal, controversial 
issues. Ifwe can't do that , then I 
think our republic is lost." 

MURDER 
Coatinued rrom page 1 
terday afternoon, not to "specu-
late or conjecture as to the cause 
of such a lengthy recess," but as-
sured jurors that the delay "is of 
the utmost importance." 

Richardson's current status 
with the UCSD Medical School 
is unclear, as his enrollment in-
formation was not available as of 
press time and both Richardson 
and his lawyer declined to com-
ment in that regard. 

However, the School's asso-
ciate dean, Eric Wahrenbrock, 
saidduring a phone interview that 
Richardson "was enrolled for one 
quarter last year." 

Wahrenbrock does not believe 
Richardson is currently enrolled, 
but was unable to comment with 
cenainty without consulting cur-
rent records. 

SUICIDE: Revelle College 
Senior Takes His Own Life 
Continued from page 1 
man has been performed, the 
Coroner's Office reported that 
results of laboratory tests will 
not be available for some time. 

According to Revelle Resi-
dent Dean Tim Purpura, coun-
selors from Psychological Serv-
ices contacted the other residents 
ofSimerman's apartment on Fri-
day morning. Purpura added that 
he had received a report of the 

suicide at about 6 a.m. on Friday 
morning. 

Purpura said that Simerman's 
parents were both notified by the 
Coroner's office Friday morning. 
Simennan's father lives on the 
East Coast, while his mother lives 
in San Diego. According to Pur-
pura, Simennan' s mother was on 
a business trip to Rome, Italy 
when notified. 

The 

GET A START OM THE 
11ST CENTURY 1M THE ARMY. 

If you're high-tech inclined, maybe 
you'd like to try your hand at micro-
electronics, or laser range-finders, or 
even satellite communications systems. 
You can, in the Army. 

Because today's Army 
is on the leading edge 
of high-tech career 
opportunities. And we 
can train you for a 
rewarding and exciting 
career, working with 
the most sophisticated 
technology. 

The valuable skills you learn in the Army, as well as 
the sense of pride and achievement an Army experi-
ence delivers, can take you a long way toward success 
in any career. 

If you qualify, the Army offers you more than 
50 designated high-tech specialties. And we always 
need bright and·resourceful soldiers ready to take on 
the demanding challenges of modern technology. And 
ready to get started on the 21st century. 

To get all the details about you and the high-tech 
Army, see your local Army Recruiter today. 

Pacific Beach 483-2397 

As Director of the Fundamentalism Project for the American 
Academy of Arts and SCiences, Marty has invited scholars 
from around the world to examine the resurgence of fun-
damntalism within the different religious traditions and 
geographical regions. During his visit to UCSD, Marty will 
discuss fundamentalism as a reaction to encroaching world 
views perceived as threatening and erosive. 

---~--~ e.lifo. •• i. 

These events are open to all and are presented without charge 
by the Burke Lectureship on Religion and Society, UCSD. 
For further information, please call 753-1716. 

-- . __ .... __ ._-

."....,., 

11 22 4th AVE. DOWNTOWN 

PETER 
MURPHY 
WITH VERY SPECIAL GUEST 

EXENE CERVENKA 

Ticken avoilable of 011 r"",,,,"~"""'~ ticket cenlers Including Mav Co . Joek·s. Tower Records. Civic 
Box OIIice. Arts Tix ond !he Aztec Center Ticket Office To c harge by phone coil 278·T1XS. 



8 FEATURES 

osaury by hady Dndnp 
S.IIior Sltlf/W.r 

In his living room overloolc-ing the Pacific Ocean a few blocks from campus sits Bill Finley Ir., and he is con-
cerned. He fears that the quality 
oflife in La lalla will be 
threatened by the bemendous 
growth of UCSD pIanDed for the 
next 15 years. 

"There is no question that we 
are a low priority to (the Univer-
sity]," Finley lamented. "I think 
the decision to enlarge the Uni-
versity, which included the clear 
negati ve impacts that tbat entails, 
show quite clearly that the 
impact on the community is not 
of importance." 

Fioley is not alone. A number 
of local residents worry thal 
UCSD's expansion will cause 
major housing, traffic, and 
parlcing problems locally. 

By the year 2005, UCSO will 
have increased its population 
from 24,000 to approximately 
43,000 people. including 26,000 
students, according to UCSD's 
Long Range Development Plan 
(LRDP), approved last Novem-
ber by the UC Regents. A "Uni-
versity Center" will be built on 
28 acres of land wheIe the 
Matthews Academic Complex 
now stands, and as many as three 
new colleges are slated to be 
builL 

Eva Richman, president of the 
La lolla Fanns Property Owners 
Association, said that while she 
appn:ciates the benefits of living 
near UCSD, she is worried about 
the effects the college's growth 
will have on local traffic. 

In panicular, she feels that the 
traffic surveys UCSD planners 
relied upon to write the Environ-
mental Impact Repon (ElR). 
which analyzed environmental 
affects of the LRDP, did not take 
into account tile true congestion 
of local stn:ets. 

"1 don't think they've ad-
dIessed the realism of the traffic 
situation hen: at all. . .. The 
surveys they are relying on are 

The UCSD Guardian 

Features 
As UCSD expands, community 
members are worried that the Uni-
versity will become too big for its 
own good, and for some La Jolla 
residents: 

FIGHTING WORD 

Community 
Comments 

The following are excerpts from leiters that have been sent to 
campus planners from community members. 

Thursday, February 15,1990 

'[Community 
members] cu1ta 

Iow~ 
:'tr 0$ the Uni-
versityis eon" 
qarned. J think 
we're gaingto 
continuefo ·lit that., 

__ ~Jr. 
.. 16· ........ 

not • .usdc _tile way 1be 
situation actuaDy ..... abo Slid. 
"We're just womechbel it', 
goiq to be 10 mu.. worse. .. 

UCSD Caq1'Ja Ccmmunity 
PlImaer Milton PbePY, wboee 
job is to facilitate communication 
between UCSD and the c0mmu-
nity, agrees tbIt IrIffic: is • siI-
oific:ut problem locally. and wD1 
conIiDoe to be one in tile futuR. 

. But. accordiDi to PbesJey. 
"The University's IIIare oflbe 
total amount oftrafftc (in the 
UCSD area] is less tban 10 
pen:ent ..• _ Tbcre ia a whole lot 
mOre to traffic conpstion chan 
justUCSD." 

Pbegley added tbat the 
pDlcenIaJe of local tnIft'ic 
aariblllable to the college will 
~"'tbe ...... 
trilMnity ~ ____ Ibe 
to.I COIDIIlU8ity wUlbe arowioa 
•• similar .... 

1'Ile Uaivenity iadediclled to 
recIDcinJ traftic tbtou&h special 
pt. ........ Pbep&yaid. 

"'!be Univertity's impact OIl 
dill total piCbn is IDDCh leu 
thea it could be becauae of the 
alternative uansportation 
~ that the University 
abudy has in place. .. Phegley 
explaiocd. 

Fialey said one of his main 
worries is a possible proliferation 
of "mini-donns." houses and 
condominiums tbat contain 
several students. in the local area 
as more students attend UCSD. 

See EXPANSION, paae 9 

:-( ..... ,. ~ .. " :'. - -.:.-~ 
~-.~_ .....::-c--~ .... ---

Having lived in La Jolla for nearly 25 years, the changes 
[Iocally}- brought by the University- are sadly obvious to us and 
our friends, H is 6kened to a savage creeping giant . . . . 

We leel the University, U an IIQ8I1! of social change in our 
society, should taka the lead in addresiing such lA'gent issues u 
the environment and the quality of Ute. UCSD should begin at Hs 
own doorstep to usess the impact of such enormous plans by 
proceeding cautiously with all the necessary input not by traffic 
and qneenng experts alone, but by the surrolJ'lding citizens 
who intimately observe and experience life near the campus, ---..-;:-- , .. 

,?::_ .J ~~-~.-: 
: - ... J- _ rt:... 

~......c--~,:;;:::- ... "';. 
'" ... _.....c:; ~-- -- .... -

vr o::;;;_ ---~ ~ ?,- -,-
,_ J •• ~ -",,-_ 
~ 

~ '-~ -
~,,!:.... 

RECEIVED 
.cr., 

To think of the ~ population growing from 25,025 to 
42,950 is disastrous and sickening. Let's have quality- not 
number .. . . 

If a vote could be taken, La Jollans would say: ·Stop where 
you ar~ you've done enough damage: 

- Trudie SiIzII .... ..., 

There is no recognition apparent in the plan that the worfd of 
UCSD and San Diego has changed, that the University is now in 
the center of an ulban, highly congested area, with all the pr0b-
lems resulting from rapid, uncontrolled growth. 

-Bill Finley 

-EVlRIc:hmIn 

• • • f believe in making UCSD u strong u possibte, 
preeminent among lJ'Iiversities. Growth is essential, but perhaps 
qualitatively even more than quantUtively. At the same time, the 
University cannot be permitted to enlarge itself beyond the 
capacity of the communities around it to accommodate the 
expansion. 

-DlvtOdlll 
Sou,..: UCSD En_I 

IIf¥lIICl Repon, VoMno I 

Thursday, February IS, 1990 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

r-------------------, Expansion: Residents 
Don't 'Have Any Say' 

quality, we have to have a certain 
size. 2 TANS $1 

One for You, One For A Friend 
30 TAN DAYS $29 

Lose 6" In 2 Hrs. Guaranteed l 
European Body Wrap - Only S48 

Not a temporary wdter loss No exerCise or diets 

TRIM & TAN • UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct. • 454-0909 
Pacific Beach • MissionVaJley • State College • Sports Arena 

CIII tor dIIIaiI8. 2nd 30 Ian days $39.119' Fill-1imI cIiInII 

Continued from page 8 

Finely pointed to the residential 
area around San Diego State Uni-
versity (SDSU), which is filled with 
students and Greek houses, as an 
example of student housing gone 
too far. 

"The area surrounding [SDSU] 
is nothing but a big dormitory .. .. 
We want to be sure that the 
minidonns and fratemity and so-

But he said the University will 
continue to attempt to alleviate that 
problem by providing adequate 
parlc:ing on campus. 

"Providing parlUng in a con-
venient manner is probably going 
to be the best way to encourage 
people [to park on campus]," he 
said. However, "there is always 
going to be a certain percentage 
that are not going to pay for park-
ing, no matter what." 

''There are programs and de-
partments that need to be more 
comprehensive. We cover a lot of 
ground, but there are still a lot of 
empty spots in undergraduate and 
graduate programs," she added, 
noting that UCSD has no b}lsiness, 
law, or joumalism programs. 

Several residents said they felt 
powerless because the University 
is not very concerned about their 
worries. 

L ~~. 
------------------_ .. 

rority houses don't proliferate in 
the [UCSD] community," Finley 
said. 

Local lawyer Benny Chien 
expressed the view thai the UC 
should have built elsewhere in-
stead of expanding UCSD. In a 
September. 1989 letter to campus 
planners, he wrote that the "UC 
can require its students and faculty 
to locate at campuses away from 

luxuriou~ beach resorts like La 
Jolla. The UC system is not obli-
gated to provide a resort sening for 
public students and public employ-
ees." 

"We' re not happy, but the 
Uni versity' s got fancy la wyers and 
billions of dollars and budgets, and 
they know everybody important-
and who are we. We' re just local 
La Jolla people," Chien said. 
"We' re nobody." 

• I 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(_ COIISUIuJJkm .. rid '''uw _ 15 _In. 120 ""'"". F/"",_ cNertts only)' 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
o American Medical A.ssocIatIon 

approved methods for problem 
cases and sensillve skin 

o Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

o Female SIaIf, slate lie. technicians 

Alexander's Electrolysis 
La]oIM ..",.. ProfeulotMl c..-ur 
Behind Elephant Bar 
8950 vtlla lAJ~ Dr. Ste. 2121 

eyeo. 
lJIipw Up 
Chil 
l.Indnn 
ar.t 
SIomId1 
IIiIIini lint 

. Anon 
Legs 
T_ 

However, Finley was quick to 
point out that not all student resi-
dents cn:ate problems. 

"Ooly a small percentage cre-
ate problems," he said. "[But] as a 
homeowner I want to be sure that 
the negative aspect&- loud par-
ties, loud music, boom boxes -
don't occur here." 

Campus Planner Pat Collum 
said the housing situations at UCSD 
and SDSU are not comparable, 
because UCSD houses many more 
students on campus than SDSU. 

558-0888 'b;plres 3/1190 

ACCOrding to Phegley, UCSD 
houses 38 percent of students on 
campus. "11le LRDP provides for 
at least maintaining that percent-
age, and sets a goal of 50 percent of 
the students housed on campus," 
Phegley said. 

NOtV featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! ~_ ~~q 

VI< HOutS: 11-10:30 Sun.-Thurs. 
11-11 Fri. 8t Sat. 
LA JOLlA COLONY 
7770 Regenf1I«:l .• stet 108 
(In Vcn'! ~ng Center) 

--------------------------2 for 1 ~E::~ Void \ /lth anv other offer. Toppings not inClucteo. 
-

Ono coupon per customer. Expires 2{18/90 

In contrast, SOSU houses only 
seven percent of its students on 
campus. 

According to Phegley, the U ni-
versity will attempt to combat the 
problems arising from students 
living locally through "better edu-
cation programs: educating stu-
dents about being better neighbors, 
indicating to them what noise laws 
and parking rules are .... " 

Phegley added that the Univer-
Sity has also had a series of meet-
ings with residents concerning 
student housing. 

I "TheIe has been an effort to 
I understand on the pan of the Uni-
I versity what the community 
I members' concerns are," Phegley 
I said. 

In a recent interview, Chien said 
he still feels the Uni versity is wrong 
to expand UCSD. 

"Somehow, they confused qual-
ity with size," he said. "They con-
fused having more people with 
having a good school." 

He added that UCSD's growth 
will "ruin. the community [with] 
that kind of density." 

"The La 101la community didn't 
ask for this huge densification," 
Chien said. "We don't seem to have 
any say. They don't have to follow 
the nonnal environmental review 
process, [and) the city council can't 
protect us." 

According to Collum, the Uni-
versity is just doing what it origi-
nally planned almost 30 years ago. 

"The University was first es-
tablished he.re in the 1960s. At the 
time, it was planned that we would 
grow to 27,000 students . .. Ithink 
what's happened is that the city 
has allowed thecommunity to grow 
in a way that wasn't envisioned 
when the University decided to 
come heIe," Collum said. 

Finley agreed. "We are a very 
low priority as far as the Univer-
sity is concerned. I think we're 
going to continue to be that," he 
said. 

Phegley said Finley's claim that 
they are a "low priority" to the 
University is unfounded. 

"Each concem or question [the 
residents] have will be addIessed, 
and a response will be provided. 
But some issues are beyond the 
power ofthe University to provide 
some of the action neighbors want," 
Phegley said. 

Phegley added that the Univer-
sity is devoting resources to bener 
relations with the community, and 
pointed to the quarterly "UCSD 
Neighborhood News," a newslet-
ter put out by the University for 
local residents, as an example of 
increased communication between 
the community and UCSD. 

11le first issueof "UCSD Neigh-
borhood News," printed in Decem-
ber, included information on 
UCSD development and a list of 
events on campus. 

Betterconununication is "some-
thing that's going to be valuable in 
the long run, even though there 
may be short-tenn traumas, in terms 
of issues being raised that perhaps 
hadn't been discussed or fully 
proposed [before]," Phegley said. 

Regardless of the University's 
efforts, residents say they plan to 
keep a close eye on UCSD in the 
future. 

&.. __________________________ .. Another concern of local resi-
dents is that they will be forced to 
fight with students for parking 

I 
I 
I 
I 

"The growth of the University 
has been on schedule," she added. 
"The community has become a 
more congested area than before, 
but that's not the fault of the Uni-
versity - the University is doing 
just what it was always going to 
do." 

"We' re just going to keep 
abreast of all the individual devel-
opments as they come along . . . . I 
think it 's our duty as citizens to 
watch it ver:,' carefully and have a 
lot of input. If we don ' t, it ' s going 
to get out of control," Richman 
said. 

June 25 - August 17 
Main Session 
June 11 - August 17 
Lanpase \lbrkshops 
lftilr Iw cM.J.p,: 
Surtun6 Session 
22 Wheeler Halt 
UC Berkeley 
Berkrley, CA 94720 
(41~) 642-5611 

Business· Languages' 
Sciences· Literature· 
Architecture 0 

Com~er Science· 
Education' Librarianship • 
Psychology 0 English 
as a Second Language." 

Tuition is $ 186 plus $60 per 
unit. Tuition is the same for 
residents and non-residents of 
the State of California . Some 
courses have special fees. 

University of California 

spaces on local streets as UCSD 
expands. 

"We don't want to compete here 
on our community stn:ets for park-
ing'" Fioley said. 

Phegley admined that parking 
is a problem. "There's no denying 
that [off-campus parkers) have 
significant impacts on the neigh-
borhood," he said, noting that about 
1,000 UCSD students, faculty, and 
staff currently park off-campus. 

Collum also disagreed with 
Chien' s charge that UCSD does 
not need to be large to be a good 
college. 

"As a public university, one of 
our public obligations and goals is 
to be comprehensive, with a vari-
ety of disciplines," she said. "In 
order to be comprehensive and have 

Finley expressed similar senti-
ments. "I think we have to wait and 
see the extent to which they will try 
to work with the community and 
mitigate these negative impacts," 
he said. "We'll have to wait and see 
what happens." 

r-------------------------, 
If you Nt It, 

drink It, _ It, 

bur"MI" 
...... .. or 

........... 

It', In .... 

I Our class is hot (between 7 and 10 pm!) 
Only 99¢. 

Have a small cup of yogurt 
and coffee for only 99¢ 

NeW/ CappuccIno· EsprIIIO. CIfi au lilt 

I 
I 
I I TQRlingsextra. Expires 2I20I90. 4130 La.lola V .. Dr. 

Not vaId with any oilier oller. (n. Anthony's) L _________________________ ~ 



10 SPORTS 

Division DI Locks 
Out Problems of 
the Sports World 

They say that time begins on 
opening day. I am closing my 
eyes and waiting - no, hoping 
- it does begin this year with 
that first pitch on April 2. 

I don't want to hear about 
po sible lockouts. I don't want 
to hear about demands for reve-
nue sharing and new free agency 
plans. 

None of that really matters. I 
just want to see baseball. 

Just about everywhere you 

BRIAN ITOW 
look, problems and politics are 
always occuring these days in 
the sports world. S trikes. Lock-
outs. Olympic boycotts. Re-
cruiting scandals. Steroid scan-
dals. Allegations of discrimi-
nation. 

Why do politics have to in-
terfere with everything that is 
enjoyable in spons? 

Spons are supposed to be 
fun - a diversion from the 
everyday problems we all face. 
Games and big events are sup-
posed to dominate sports head-
lines. Union negotiations and 
scandals are nol. 

So why is it, more often than 
not, I usually end up reading 
more depressing news in the 
spons section than on the front 
page? 

It is sad to think that there is 
almost nowhere we can enjoy 
watching two teams compete 
without having to worry about 
outside implications. Events 
taking place off the field have 
too much of an effect on those 
on the field. 

But, the fact of the matter is 
that, the sports world is big 
business. Just take a look at 
professional sports franchises 
with their exorbitant television 
packages and player contracts. 

This business aspect is the 
case even as far down as our 
nation's junior high and high 
schools. Star athletes from jun-
ior highs are recruited by high 
school coaches who need to 
assemble high profile athletic 
teams. All this to enhance their 
institution ' s reputation and 
make it attractive to everyone 
lending financial support. 

In tum, high school players 
are wooed by promises of schol-
arships and other assorted "free-
bies" as coaches and alumni try 
to do the same for their own. 

Division I athletics is big 
business. Revenue and prestige 
are the awards for a successful 
sports program. So, just about 
everyone i nvol ved - from ad-
ministrators to alumni - will 
do whatever they can to assure 
a winning program, even if it 
means skirting an issue here 
and there. 

Hence, you will find a Chris 
Washburn attending a college 

See PROBLEMS, page 14 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 15, 1990 

Sports 
19-5 Tritons Tie School Record for Season Victories 

Men's Hoop Hangs On, Beats Pomona-Pitzer 
By KEVIN TWER 
Guardian Reporter 

Anyone who thinks free throws 
don't have an effect on a basket-
ball game should have been in the 
Triton Gym Tuesday night when 
the UCSDmen's team entertained 
the Pomona-Pitzer Sage hens. 

The Tritons overcame a lack-
luster performance from the free 
throw line to defeat the Sagehens, 
91-88, and tie the school record for 
most wins in a season. 

UCSD (19-5) shot a dismal 56 
percent from the stripe, turning 
what might have been a Triton 
runaway into a close contest. 

Pomona-Pitzer (10-13) trailed 
by three with just under a minute 
remaining in the game, but was 
unable to capitalize on UCSD's 
crucial free throw misses. 

the inbound pass as time expired. 
Rapp put in a good offensive 

performance as well, finishing with 
a game-high 32 points, including 
four of five from three-point range. 
Gordon McNeill added 16 points 
for the Tritons, including a mon-
strous two-handed breakaway jam. 

Pomona-Pitzer's David Todd 
led his team with 25 points, con-
verting seven of I Othree-point field 
goals. 

In the fir t half, UCSD worked 
the ball inside for high-percentage 
shots, building a 33-25 lead. A 
fast-break layup by McNeill with 
7:08 to play in the half gave the 
Tritons a 10-point lead, but then 
they went cold from the floor. 

The Sagehens cut the lead to 
two on a Todd three-pointer, but 
Rapp went back door for a layup to 
gi ve the Tritons their first field 
goal in four minutes. The Sage hens did have a final 

opponunity to send the game into 
overtime, but after a Pomona-Pitzer 
time out, Triton Tim Rapp tipped 

UCSD kicked it into high gear 
to close out the half when two 

See M. HOOP page 11 
Road Pizza - Tim Rapp and the Tritons drove by and over the 
Pomona-Pitzer Sagehens to tie the school record for victories. 

Baseball Clubbed by Riverside, 11-1 
By MATTHEW ROCmOS 
Guardian Reporter 

On a chilly Monday afternoon 
at VCSD, the Triton baseball team 
never really warmed up and was 
shelled I I-I by Division II UC 
Riverside. UCSD falls to 1-2 with 
the loss. 

The Highlanders pounced on 
UCSD starter Rick Rupkey for two 
runs in each of the first two innings 
before finally knocking him out 
with two down in the third. 

Rupkey was shaky from the 
start, and was bothered by control 
problems as he launched three wild 
pitches and hit two batters. 

VCR, a 6-4 team that UCSD 
Head Coach Lyle Yates called a 
"good hitting club," had runners 
aboard in every inning. 

"They jumped on every pitch-
ing mistake we made," Yates said. 

The middle innings featured 
solid pitching from both sides. 

See BASEBALL, page 15 
Louie Diaz may have turned this play, but the 1-2 Tritons need to 
turn things around after getting taken out by UC Riverside 11 -1. 

IntercoUegiate 
Update ..• 

Swimmiac 
Despite falling to Arizona 

and Arizona St this weekend, 
the UCSD men's and women's 
swimming teams continued to 
rack up an impressive list of 
qualifiers for the Nationals, to 
be held March 15- 17 at Evan-
stons, DIinois. 

At ASU on Saturday, the 
men iost 74-46 while the 
women were dropped 76-41. 
Sunday, the men were knocked 
offby Arizona 74-42 while the 
women feU 69-41. 

For the women, Audrey 
Rossie qualified in the 100 fly 
with a time of 1 :00.08 and 
Catherine Capriles recorded 
win.s in the 100 and 200 back. 

'The men posted six new 
qualifiers led by Taylor Spen-
gler's 59.1 in the 100 breast 
Spangler also qualified in the 
200 breast with a time of 

See UPDATE paae 13 

UCSD Track and Field: What's in Store for 1990 

Home sweet home - The new track facility will host the first 
intercollegiate track and field meets on campus in several years. 

By TOM RIZZUTI 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men's and women's 
track teams have a lot to look for-
ward to this season. 

And for the first time ever, they 
will be able to practice and com-
pete on thei r very own track. 

Before this year, a home meet 
was out of the question - the track 
at Wanen East was hardly suitable 
to hold any kindofNCAAcompe-
tition. In fact, that track was not 
even up to practicing standards. 

But a brand new state-of the-art 
facility on the nonh end of campus 
should change all that. 

"It make~ training much eas-
ier," Stanforth said of the new track. 
"We us ' to have to preadoutand 

train at different places, but now 
we can keep the team together." 

The new track also means home 
meets, something new to the Tri-
tons, who had to travel to Los 
Angeles virtually every weekend 
to compete in the past. 

"There is less of a time invest-
. . t that LA 

PRJ\" ,\\ 
r~ 

less," Stanforth said "Plus, we can 
get local people to come out and 
watch." 

And there will be plenty of good 
track and field competition to see, 
especially on the women's side. 

Stanforth said this year's 
women's team has someone of 
"national caliber" in nearly every 

See TRACK, page 11 

Thursday, February 15, 1990 

TRACK 
Continued from page 10 
area. 1be wornen's team is fresh 
off a fourth place finish at last 
year's national meet - the highest 
finish in UCSD history - and the 
news only gets better for the team: 
all of the women who scored at 
nationals are retuming this year, 
and there are only three seniors. 

These athletes include Shannon 
Quigley ,last year's national cham-
pion and All-American in both the 
shotput and discus. She heads an 
extremely strong group in the 
throwing events. 

The middle and long distance 
events, led by Michelle Conlay 
and Denise McFayden, should also 
be strong. Conlay earned AII-
American status this fall for the 

~team,andMcFayden 
could qualify for the national meet 
in three events, according to Stan-
forth. 

In the sprints, Andrea 
Kouremetis is expected to put out 
strong performances and should 
also add to the 4x I 00 relay team. 
Diane Fritz is also expected to do 
well in the low hurdles. 

The only question mark on the 
women's team is in the area of the 
jumps. Beyond Susan Christy, who 
should be a key factor in the high 
jump, Stanforth said he is not sure 
what to expect. 

But he does expect the women's 
team to be right in there when the 
national meet commences at Nonh 
Central College in Naperville, llIi-
nois from May 23-26. 

"We'd like to see the women 
get into the top three," he said. 

On the men's side, Stanforth is 
look,ing for a top 10 fmish this 
year. He said the team has a lot of 
potential with "a number of people 
who can [qualify] with the proper 
hard work." 

Theonlyqualifierfrom lastyear 
is Scott Sargeant in the hammer 
throw. Stanforth feels Sargent has 
a lot of potential. 

In the sprinting events, Stan-
forth is looking for Tim Kyser to 
produce in both the 400 and the 
4xlOOrelayteam. Inaddition,Mike 
Kalmer should do well in the I 10 
high hurdles, according to Stan-
forth. 

In the middle and long distances, 
Stanforth predicts that David 
Myers (800m) and Merrell Hora 
(5,OOOm) will lead the way. In the 
jumps, he expects good things from 
J.J. Cisneros in the long and triple 
jumps. 

In preparation for the national 
meet in May, the team will be com-
peting against especially tough 
competition during the regular 
season. 

"We've scheduled a number of 
Division I opponents," he said, 
"That way no one will be awed by 
anything they see at the national 
meet." 

The schedule includes match-
ups with UC Irvine, Long Beach 
State, and Cal State Fullerton to 
name a few. 

Stanforth emphasized that any 
past and future success from both 
of the e teams reflect equally 011 
his assistant coaches as well as 
himself. Stanforth cUlTently has 
four a sistanlS, but another assis-
tant - the new track - will come 
into the picture on March 10, when 
UCSD will host its first track and 
field meet in several years. 

M.HOOP 
Continued from page 10 
three-pointers by Rapp and two 
shon turnaround jump shots by 
reserve Chris Moore gave the Tri-
tons a 50-37 halftime edge. 

"It was tough for us in the first 
half because we had some guys in 
early foul trouble," Head Coach 
Tom Marshall said 

VCSD maintained a comfort-
able lead until 5 : 10 to play, when a 
driving layup by McNeill was dis-
allowed because of an offensive 
foul. Marshall protested the call 
and was assessed a technical foul. 

Pomona-Pitzer converted both 
foul shots to cut the deficit to four, 
but UCSD escaped the Sagehens' 
late charge. 

''The 20th win will be on our 
minds because of the record, but 
also because we need 20 [wins] if 
we hope to play [in the] post-sea-
son," Marshall said of tomorrow 
night's game vs. CSUSB. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Men's Hoop Tuesday 
VCSD ' •• Pomona-Pitzer 88 

--
I\Iloo JlG-A Yr-A • A 'F T 

Payne 27 ()'2 2-2 5 4 1 2 

--

20 ~~ 1·2 3 4 3 8 
Weyer ! ().() ().() I 0 0 0 
R" .... 9 1· 1 2·3 2 4 4 5 
OnvWe I 0 0 0 0 0 0 
...... ).I 8·21 4-5 9 I 4 21 
PadIIO 23 5-7 ().() • 1 1 10 Todd 31 1-11 2-2 • I 3 2.5 
Holum 12 1-2 ().() 2 0 ~ 2 
M)'On 16 ~2 ()'2 • 0 ~ 6 

--
22 1-7 :J-6 II I • 9 TOTALS :zoo 32-6!1 14-22 W II 13 II 

UCSD 
I\Iloo JlG-A n-A I A ". T 

--
30 1·3 2-6 I 6 • • IIapp 40 11·20 6-9 7 3 2 32 

5111_ ).I 4-6 6-1 • .I 3 .. SeUock 13 ()'2 ().() 0 3 3 0 
Uoduy • ().I ().() 3 0 0 0 McNeW 17 HI 2-6 • I 2 16 ...... 13 5-.1 1·2 .I 0 4 II 
... T1 :J-6 1-14 6 I 3 14 
TOTALS :zoo 31-.\4 zs.33 23· 3.1 21 91 

r PIba 3151 • UCSD 
" 41 - ,. 

T_ro,.-_Pl __ ,ucsO",. 
11ono, I R __ IO(Todd7): 
UCSD.( ..... ' 
__ -_PI_I (HoI ... ~ UCSO 
1 (McNcill. SIIa_) 
_-_-_6(_2. ...,.,..2), 
UCSD 12 (RIpp •• __ 3. 5_ 2) 
. - ..... _ ...... 

NCAA Division ill Men's 
Basketball Top 20 

(as of Tuesday, Feb. 13) 
I Ss:IJIIIIl &wd 
1. Franklin &. Marshall 22-1 
2. Wittenburg 22-1 
3. Cal yin College 22-1 
4. Jersey City Slate 21 -2 
5. Buffalo Slate 21 -1 
IS. VV. ConnecticutSuue 20-1 
7. Colby CoItege 17-t 
8. Nonh CcnnI College 18-4 
9. Poudam Stale 18-3 
10. Emory CoUege 19-1 
II. Hope Cotlege 19-2 
12. Randolph Macon 20-3 
13. TmtIOn Stale 20-3 
14. North Adams Slate 17-4 
15, Washington (MD) 19-3 
lIS. St. Thoma (MN) 19-4 
17. Monmouth (IL) 17-2 
18. Menlo College 17-6 
t9 . Emory &: Henry 19-4 
20. VCSuDietlo 19-5 

West Regional Rankings 
t. SL Thomas (MN) 19-4 
2. Menlo College 17-6 
3. VCSuDleao 1'-5 
4 . Nebraska VVesJaYIIl 16-5 
5. SL John's (MN) tS-7 

SPORTS 11 

Baseball Monday 
VC RIVERSIDE 11, UCSD I 
UC RI_ UCSD 

elt r .. iii 
Haywanl rf • 2 2 0 
HoImesdh 5 I I 0 
Townl<ftdU 3 2 I 0 
Ayolo 3b 4 2. 3 2 
a.-Ib 6 13 I 
TMurphy 2b 5 0 2 3 
s ... .- .. 5 I 1 I 
Pactvale 5 2 2 0 
OFi_c:r .00 I 

TOTALS 41 1116 8 

uc_ 
UCSD 

.. , ~ III 
Judson 51 3 0 0 0 y...... I 000 
Jim .... I( 3 0 I 0 
Lubslf 1000 
U_3b 1000 
SNowlan3b I 000 
WISher cf I 0 0 0 
DeFranco c:r 2 0 0 0 
CN ...... yrfII OO 
..... rf I 0 0 0 
Meyendh 2 a 0 0 
Aldridp PI' I 0 0 0 
ONowllnlb 2. 00 0 
WhiIClb I 0 0 0 
_e 300 I 
Diulb 3 0 I 0 
Sudlrtlld lb 0 0 0 0 
TOTALS 36 I 2 I 

lZ3 ••• 'H-II 
,""'."-1 

E- Pact .... 00trMdet. TM.y. JR_, DP . __ 
LOB - UC Itlva1ide II. UCSD.I. 111 -~. 
nMpIIy. S...-, _ 2. SI. CMurplly.1Fisber 
SF - s--. DfiIIIer S • Moyen 

uc_ IP H • Ell II SO 
_W(l-I, 6 2 0 0 3 4 
Pia'OC 2 0 I 0 2 I 
Welker I 0 0 0 0 2 

UCSD IP H R Ell .. SO 
Ruptey LU·!) 22/3 7 7 6 2 2 
E.oa 411l 3 0 0 2 I 
FIMopn III .I 3 3 0 0 
TomoIoois 12/3 I I I I 



12 CLASSIFIBDS The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Ctasstned advertisIng Is sold in LS-word 
Increments. Tbe rate per 1 S words Is $L 
for students, $3 for faculty and staff, and 
54 for others. Payment In advance is 
required; therefore, ads must be milled 
willi a check (made payable to Tile UCSD 
Gruuditm) or presented In person. Please 
have exact change. Deadlines are 3 p.m, 
Thursday for Monday's JIlIper and 3 
p.m. Monday for Thursday's paper. The 
GUlm/lan reserves the rIght to refuse 
any advertising including, but not limited 
to, companionship ads. For more 
Inrormatlon call S34-S4L 6. The GI/4NiDn, 
UCSD, B-G L6, La Jolla, CA 92093. 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSD! 
Jewish campus Centers provides wannth. 
eduCation. prayer. socializing. Connecl with 
Union of Jewish Siudentsl 502 Matthews; 
east of the Price Center. Call Rabbi Slotnick, 
534-2521. (1/4-3/12) 

MUIR HA APPS available Ihru 2/21. 
Referralllli 051 . Mandalory meeting: 211 
or2/2!. Call 5344200. (1/29-2115) 

MUIR HA APPS: Availabte with referral 
#11051. Mandatory meeling: 211 or 2/21. 
Info: Call 534-4200. (1/29-2115) 

Fifth College Residenl Advisor applications 
due 2120190. Pick up referral al Career 
Services. Job IIOWII049. (211-2115) 

International House Resident Advisor 
applications due 2120. Pick up referral at 
Career Services. Job IIOWII048. (2/1-21 
15) 

WORD PROCESSING, tenn papers, 
experienced dissertation, 7 days a week, 
4.0 English Skills, references. 755-2683. 
(215-3/12) 

Wanted: talents for International Star 
Search '90 (2/25190). Enter before 2/21. 
Contact Annin X43730. (2112-2115) 

Peace Corps? Call us collecl. (213)209-
7444. (2112-2115) 

RIse Spring Trip to Sun Valley, Idaho, 
S350, on sale now at Box Office. Hurry! 
Just one bus goes. (2/12-2115) 

"Should drugs be legalized?" This is the 
question that will be addressed by four 
speakers from the academic and legal 
communiryThursday. Feb. IS. 7:00p.m. at 
the Price Center Cove. (2/15) 

Cal-Ani mage, the Japanimation fan club 
will be showing "Project A-ko," "Ranma 
1/2" and Dirty Pair on Feb. 17 in the 
Warren Commons at 7:30 p.m. Free 
admission. All are welcome. (2115) 

Can there ever be peace in the Middle East? 
Come find out at the Inlernational Cafe's 
Global Conversation. Friday, 2116 al 12 
noon allnlemalional Center. Participate or 
listen! (2115) 

DREAM ONI Miles Davis licketscostS20 
forsludents. (ooiSI Oas lisled in lhe Monday 
Guardian). Sorry 'bout that. (2115) 

SER'ICES 
Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Coun. Siudem 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-1962. 
(\/4-3/12) 

PASSPORTPlcnJRESl NewatCalCopy. 
Only S5.95. While you wait. Xeroxes and 
more. Near St. Gennains. 452-9949. (10/ 
9-3/12) 
Typing/Word Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, theses, books, leners, resumes. 
Fasl service. Mary Ann 452-9439. (1/16-21 
IS) 

Vicki· s Word Processing Service. Resumes, 
theses, manuscripts, mai ling. Accuracy and 
Professionalism guaranteed. Vicki Rushing 
575-1022. (\/16-2115) 

TYPING{WORD PROCESSING. One Day 
Service. Free Editing. S1.75 per pagc. Call 
Ann 229-9119. ( 1/22-3/12) 

WORD PROCESSING - Studenl papers, 
resumes. Laser printing, spell check. 52.201 
OS page. Experienced. Reliable. Input! 
OutpUL 535-3010. (1/25-2115) 

Professional theatrical and commercial 
headshots in studio. 72 shots for $60. 
Guaranteed I Also, ponfolios, composites 
and on location spons and modeling 
photography. UCSD studenlS call 587-
4874. "Hot Shots" siudio on Gilman Dr. (1/ 
29-2130) 

EXAMINE YOUR LIFE in brief 
psycholherapy. Affordable. Betty 
LighlSlone I/LCS8727. Call 232-1251. (21 
1-2126) 

Wanted: 30 people to lose up to 25 Ibs. in 30 
days while earning I Anne 279-4265. (215-
2/26) 

Bookkeeping - complete services tailored 
10 needs of any small business and 
individuals. Tax Services. 558-7853. (215-
2115) 
Typing, word processing. Tenn papers, 
theses, resumes. Good work, good rates, 
close 10 schoo\. 453-0592. (2/8·2/22) 

TYPlNG! I! ru type your tennpapers elC. 
quickly and inexpensively. Laser printer. 
Call Jennifer: 558-6090. (2I t2-3/12) 

Lowest Prices In San Diego 

Discount Beauty Supplies 
• NO SALES TAX! on 

PAUL MITCHELL products only 

150L OFF on all top major brands 70 (excludlnc Paul Mttchell prodUCIS) 
TO ALL UCSD STUDENTS 
with valid I.D. and coupon through 1991. 

TIRED OF BAD HAIRCUTS AND PAYING 530 SUP') 
For Ihe best preCISion bdlanc~d hdlrcul 

of your life· \'Ie do II your my' 

$15 00 CUT, SHAMPOO, BLOWDRYI - 7512 La Jolla Blvd. 
. (corner of Pearl in La Jolla) 

r:-r;r;:'·1~ Perms $35 & up 
All E~ by IIjIpCIInUneIIt 

551-061 

WORD PROCESSING - NEXTTO UCSD! 
Resumes, tenn papers, manuscripts, leiters, 
IlISerprinted. Call Marsha 535-8260. (2112-
3/t) 

GUARANTEED WEIGHT LOSS. Tired 
of being overweightl If so, try a proven 
weight loss program. J ill 278·5569. (2115-
2/20) 

WORD PROCESSING, TERM PAPERS, 
EXPERIENCED DISSERTATIONS, 
seven days a week, 4.0 English skills. 
references. 755-2683. (2115-415) 

,\ .\' ·. ·FI) 
Earn S75.OO. SubjeclS wanted for a sludy 
on the effeclS of alcohol. If you are a UCSD 
slUdenl or non-academic staff, American 
born male of entirely Japanese, Chinese, or 
Korean descent, call Scripps Clinic and 
Research Foundation for more infonnation. 
554-2192. (114-3/12) 

TOWING DISPATCHER WANTED -
UCSD area nights and weekends. Should 
be conducive to sludy. ALSO HAVE 
POSITION FOR DRIVERS AND SALES 
REPRESENTATIVE. Flexible Hours call 
450-1818. (215-2115) 

Wanted: 75 people serious aboul losing 
those unwanted pounds and inches. catl 
Anne or Lynn 569-5298. (215-2115) 

Tum yourforeign contacts inlO lop S. Private 
San Diego school with innovative English 
Language/Spons program needs help 
developing promotional mailing lists for 
Europe, Asia, Middle East. Latin America. 
558-1644. (215-2115) 

Enthusiastic studenl callers wanted now. 
S7/bonus, on campus, flexible hours. Call 
today 587-1585. (2I12-2f22) 

MALE MODELS - wanted for pan-or full-
timeemploymenL Noexperience necessary. 
Not a scheme, no fees charged - everl Top 
fees paid. Fun. well-paid opponunities. 
nexible hours. For details withoul 
obligation, send sampte photo(s) (amateur 
OK): Inter Photo, box 2893. La JoUa CA, 
92038. (2112-2126) 

Wanted: Practice Bass Guitar Amp. Must 
be in good condition. Call Sheila at 558-
3768. (2115-2126) 

Wanled: pan-lime cashierldeli helper. 
$5.00/hr., Flexible hours. Call Jerry 455-
t4t4. (2115-2126) 

Administralive Assistant: Perfonn all 
secretarial tasks (light typing, answering 
phones, market research) for High Energy 
Company. Need dependable, enthusiastic, 
hard working individual. Lots of action. 40 
hrs a week, 8-5 M-F. Aexible foroneortwo 
classes. Scripps Ranch location. S7.OO per 
hour. Ruth 586-1111. (2115-2/20) 

Sorrento Valley Pholo Lab needs technician. 
No experience necessary, nexible hours, 
55.00 an hour. 455-6958. (2115) 

Pan time hel p wanled. Downtown La lolla. 
Shoe sales, slOCk. Weekends, flexible hours. 
Joe, 454-2270. (2/15) 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFfORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

( \ I I I " I 11< " I 
I 584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North#JlS 

FOR S \LF 
FUlon, beauliful color, special frame, 
unused. $95, can deliver. Also queen bed 
never used. 284-6222. (1/25-2/26) 

Classic t 966 Mustang excellent condition, 
restored by 6-y.:ar owner. S2.900 o.b.o. 
leave message at 558-8533. (215-2115) 

Compuler: NEC Laptop. S I 000. Very fasl. 
Uses 3 1/2" disks. Great for library, travel 
and at home use. LCD Screen. Maryellen 
558-1703. (2/8-2/15) 

Xcel welSuil. Men M-LExcellemcondition. 
Greal deal . S70.ooo.b.o. Call 558-7406. (2/ 
8-2/20) 

Apple 21" Worksllltion Display and Video 
Card for Mac II series. Mint condilion. can 
be upgraded to IlTeY scale. Relail S2600. 
AskiIl8 $1590. Bill 755-74t8. (2112-2115) 

MacIntosh 400K dille drive - askill8 Sloo 
or best offer. Call Patrick 11457-2072. (21 
12-2/22) 

Maltresses for sale. Twin SSO.OO (o.b.o.), 
full SIOO.OO (o.b.o.) BOlh really 
comfonable. Call Karaat259-7145. (2112-
2/22) 

Peugeot SLX - Columbus tubing, Shimano 
105 componenlS - S4cm. Like new -$1 000. 
Call Justin 558-6192. (2115-2/20) 

ML Bodyglove full length welSwl. Very 
good condition. SSO. Call [)erron: 587-
8782. (2115) 

' 81 RabbiI.SI5OOo,b.0. Very dependable! 
Great condition I Perfect for students. Calt 
Todd 457-5979. (2115-2120) 

Gel ready for Ihe summer I Porscbe 914, 
red, SOW stereo, new tires, new clutch, 
S23000.b.o.; Yamaha vision, 55Occ, looks 
new, runs great, low mileage, SIOOOo.b.o. 
272-3416 leave message. (2115-3/1) 

Car amp, Hella-beal, ISO watlS of clean 
power. S75/b.o. Sean 452-0669. (2115-21 
22) 

Bell bicycle helmets. Hardly used. SIO for 
black (MIL size) S20 for white aero racing 
helmeL Sean 452-0669. (2115) 

Tennis racquets. Head graphite director 
S75/b.o. Finn graphite Genius w/vibration 
dampening. StOOlb.o. Sean 452-0669. (21 
15-2/22) 

Portabte CD Player. Sony DeD-1OO for 
home or car. SIOOIb.o. (S250 new) Sean 
452-0669. (2115-2/22) 

1978 Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme. 
Excellentcondition, runs well . 72,000 miles. 
Call 587-2713. Leave message. (2115-21 
20) 

1976 A1fa Romeo, red spider convenible, 
new lOp, runs great, S2SOO or best offer. 
945-5365. (2115) 

II<H SI,\( ; 
Room for Real 2 blocks from campus in large, 
all-student house. Own room, private pool, 
fireplace , kirchen. washer, dryer. Non-smoker. 
M/F Available early March S350/month + 1/ 
6 utilities (+ sec. and firsl and last). Call Dale 
452-2222. (215-2/15) 
Male. under 25 to share SIUd, 2 hr. oceanfront 
condo, Del Mar, fumished, ABP. negotiable. 
259-1305. (2I5-2/t S) 
Roommate wan/ed in Pacific Beach. If you are 
responsible. clean, happy, drug free, mellow 
and tooking for a roommate with similar 
qualities then call 483-2~7. We will s~ 
expenses. $330. (2J8-2IIS) 
Need a place (or Spring Quarter? Male 
roommate wanted in Mill Mesa area. Have 
own room. pay only $175 + 1/4 utilities. Call 
Jo h for details. 578-8041. (2112-21") 

Crulselhlp ...... 
HlNNa Men - W_. SurM.1 
v .. , 1'bInd. PHOTOGRAPHEAS, 
TOUR GUIDES . RECREATION 
PERSONNEl.. ElceMaool ~ pIua 
FREE t, ...... CerIbbewt . ....... 
s.IIe ...... SoutII Peciflc. Meadco. 
CAlL NOWI Cell reIuncIIItIIe . 
1-2"·736-07715, Ext. 100 N. 

Monday, February 15, 1990 

LaJollahouse for rent, Spring quaner April 
I - June 30. 3 bedroom, I 3/4 baths. 
Completely furnished. wId, microwave, 
dishwasher. 5 minute walk from UCSD, 15 
minutes from Blacks beach. Fenced yard. 
SI5OO/month, SI500 security deposit. Call 
Ann or David, 534-6 I 04(w), 546-7602(h). 
(2112-3/1) 

Summer sublet wanled. UCLA Lawcouple. 
Bobbie - day (213)206- 1953. Joe o1:ves. 
(213)391-2558. (2/15-3/12) 

Roommate wanted 10 share large IWO-
bedroom, one-bath apartmenl. Near lTTC, 
Big Bear. Non-smoker. S357/month, 1/2 
utililies. Available immediately. Call Jeff, 
S4(K)6SO, evenings or leave message. (21 
15-2/20) . 

PFRS()'\ \I.S 
Muir Commuter BreakfaslS are Mondays 
8-10 a.m. in Cloud's Resl. J USI SO cenlS I (II 
29-2115) 

Participate in Ihe Muir Commuler Councill 
Meelings: Mondays 3:30·4:30p.m. 
Provost's Conference Room H&SS 2148. 
(1/29-2115) 

Attenlion: Triton Yearbook Starfis looking 
for enthusiastic people for our photography 
and darkroom staffs. If interested, corne 10 
meetings on Wednesdays 6:00 p.m. or call 
534-7491 and leave a message.(2I1-2I26) 

CABO SAN LUCAS SPRING BREAK -
April 10-14, S346.00 double occupancy, 
includes hotel , air, etc. PROFESSIONAL 
TRAVEL 481-1264. (211-2f26) 

Revelle Semi-fonnal is coming Feb. 24th. 
TickelS at box office, S2 t .SO. After Feb. II 
S23.OO. (211-2/20) 

Christine Marchetta - let's make a 
difference. Give yourinpul on what UCSD 
needs. Come Thursday. Feb. 15 12-1 :3010 
Student Alumni Association Orientation. 
Price Center. Berkeley Room - April (2/8-
2115) 

RISC Spring Trip to Sun Valley, Idaho, 
S3SO, on sale now at box office. Hurry! JUSI 
one bus goes. (2112-2115) 

DREAM ONI Miles Davis tickets cost S20 
- for students. (nol $10 as listed in the 
Monday GUilrdian). Sorry 'boUI that. (21 
IS) 

To the AAA hockey goalie, I like you, even 
thouah you are loud and obooxiousl/(21IS) 

The Brothers of Pi Kappa Phi congratulate 
a111he newly elected officers of KKG, 00, 
Sig Kaps, AOPi, Pi Phi and Tri Della. We 
wish you best ofluck in the future and hope 
all your Valentine's Day wishes came true. 
(2115) 

Zsa Zsa - had a mahvelous time al Kappa 
Krunch. Thank you so much, dahling. 
Officer FOSler. (21t 5) 

Josh, HAPPY ANNIVERSARY, sweetie! 
WOW 3 years! Sure seems like a 101 but it's 
noIhing compared to a lifetime. Looking 
forward 10 1992. Forever & ever. . . I 
promise. LOVE YOU ALWAYS, Denise. 
(2115) 

Orummerwanted: Energetic originals band 
playing a musical mixture of ska, funlt, 
reggae, rock? all swirled logether seeks 
versatile and tireless drummer. Call Jon 
Cohen 270-29 15. (2115-2120) 

Su- We slil l need to find a Nonon, maybe 
he will like our new home, can't be any 
worse than lhe old onel Perhaps a taco night 
soon? (2/15) 

Danielle- Congralulationsl (2115) 

GUARDIAN INTERNS 

Meetings are 
Mondays, HSS 2 150 

and 
Thul1days. Price Center 
DavislRivenide Room 

7 p.m. 

SEE YOU THERE! 

Thursday, February 15,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Reposseued VA & HUD HomtI 
available from government from $1 3-1 Women's Tennis Picks Up Third Consecutive Victory 
without credit check. You repair. Also 
lax delinquent foreclosures CALL 1-
805-682-7555, ext. H-l443 for repo UCSD Blows Past Pt. Lorna, 8-1 
list your area. 

SelzldCars, trucks, 4-wheelers, TV's, 
stereos, furniture, computers by DEA, 
FBI, IRS and U.S. customs. Available 
your area now. Call 1·805-682-7555, 
ext. C-1199. 

Crulseshlps Now Hiring for 
spring, Christmas and next sum-
mer breaks. Many Positions. Call 
1-805-682-7555, ext. 5-1023. 

The 
GREIs 
When? 

I STANLEY H. KAPlAN Talce Kaplan OrTake YourOlances 
ClasIlS F""'*'II Nowl 

4780 Claire mont Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 92117 
CALL (619) 277-6744 

For ochtr locallons call800·KA P-TEST 

Airlines Now Hiring. Travel 
agents, Flight attendants, Mechan-
ics, etc. Entry level and up. Sala-
ries to $1 05K. Call 1-805-682-7555 
ext. A·1056. 

By SRINATH SANDA 
Guardian Reporter 

About the toughest thing the 
UCSD women's tennis team had 
to face yesterday afternoon against 
Point Lorna Nazarene was the 
weather, as the Tritons blew away 
the Crusaders 8-1. 

The windy afternoon quickly 
proved to be a tune-up as the Tri-
tons took the courts and swept all 
the singles matches. 

Christine Behrens, UCSD's 
number one player, made easy 
work of the Crusader's number 
one, Kim Wright in two sets 6-4, 
6-3. 

Meanwhile, first-year player 
Robyn lnaba, UCSD's number 
two player, easily dispatched Dede 
Walker in straight sets 6-0, 6- 1. 
Othe.- UCSO women winning in 
singles play were Susan Carney, 
Amanda Lynch, Pam Haas, and 
Kristen Diels. 

In fact, the Tritons did not lose 
any sets in singles play, as no 
Point Lorna player was able to win 
more than three games in a set. 

Doubles play followed the 
same fonn as the singles matches. 
UCSD's number one team of 
Behrens and Carney handled the 
Crusaders' top pair of Wright and 
Shannon Anderson 6-3, 6-2. 

UCSO's number three team of 
Inaba and Lynch also dismissed 

their opponents in straight sets 6-
0, 6-1. 

In fact, the only surprise of the 
evening came in the number two 
doubles match. UCSD's team of 
Haas and Diels faced Walker and 
Susan Woodling and was 
stretched to three long sets be-
fore losing 6-4, 6-4,7-6. 

"The girls got some nice com-
petition. We gotoutthere and got 

our concentration going," UCSD 
Head Coach Liz LaPlante re-
marked . 

Saturday, the Tritons will play 
Pomona- Pitzerat the MuirCourts. 
The Saghens beat the Tritons twice 
last year. 

"They are a lot like us in that 
they have a lot of depth. It will end 
up being a mental game," LaP-
lante commented. 

UCSO's first-year player Robyn Inaba returns a shot against Pt. 
Lorna Nazarene to remain undefeated in her college career. 

LAST CHANCE 

TO HAVE YOUR 
YEARBOOK 

PORTRAIT 
TAKEN! 

TODAY and FRIDAY! 
Irvine Room in the Price Center 

8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. 

SPORTS 13 

UPDATE 
Continued rrom page 10 
2: 10.69. Todd Sells and Steve 
DeNys both qualified in the 50 free 
with times of 21 .44 and 21.42 re-
spectively. 

Marc Willick posted a time of 
I :56.28 in the 200 fly to qualify 
and Rich Daniels qualified in both 
the 100 and 200 free with times of 
46.87 and I :41.97. Greg Goodrich 
qualified with a time of I :57.92 in 
the 200 back.stroke. 

In the relays, both the men's 
and women's 200 medley squads 
posted the fastesttimes in Division 
m this year. The 200 free relay 
recorded the second fastest time in 
the nation. 

Men's Volleyball 
UCSD lost its ninth consecu-

tive contest to a nationally ranked 
top 20 team, remaining winless 
thus far. 

Tuesday evening the Tritons 
were knock.ed off by cross-Iown 
Division I power San Diego State 
15-8,15-4,12-15, 15-10. 

Sophomore Nate Brown 
pounded a match-high 17 kills, to 
lead the Tritons as he has done in 
every match so far. 

Golf 
On Monday, UCSO defeated 

Pomona-Pitzer 385-390 at Moun-
tain Meadows Golf Course. Bob 
Knee and Devon Thomas each shot 
a 73 to share medalist honors. 

Yesterday ,the Tritons defeated 
laVerne. Bobby Meyerson shot a 
73 and Thomas a 75. 

... 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February IS, 1990 

•••••••••••••••••••• 

: UCSD SPECIAL! 
I 

As usual 
PIlI' CAMfIfIs 

ptUYIIY' 

" ... a warm, party 
atmosphere ... for f' ~-- . 

serious pizza eaters ... " (' J~7 
Jack White, Channel 10 i;:f;;,c !9 1'9l1li DOOII 

..-: 
M.no "IIIII-Mid· rescaurant critic ~~~~ 

Tired of the same 01' cardboard pizza? ~ , F-Sd. "IIIII·lam 
• Sun. II :3Oam-Mid 
_ _ . Call B}'s for gourmet quality. 

i iSI-OO-."-i$200oHi 
• I ANY MlDlUM PIZZA I ANY LAHlIIIZZA. I 
• I Please present coupon when orderlns· I please fJI't1S"'Zt coupon wben ordering. I 
• L _ ~J's PIzzeria, LaJoUa ___ 1 ___ 8J's Pizzeria, LaJo~ _.-J 

• 
• 

8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. Lalalla Village Center 455.0662 
• UCSD's original Pizzeria IS stt// the best! • 
• 

Expires 311190 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

The home of the 
49¢ halllburger. 

1 ! m ,l.{C''[)olra'dm 
...... &flou. 

",110""" . 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
u.. ..... ~-----------------------ALLAMERICAN-MEAL---
II 

Quarter Pounder® with Cheese. Medium Fry, 
Medium-Size Soft Drink 

II limit one coupon per II customer, per visit. Please 
II present coupon when ordering. Not valid with II any other offer. 

~ =-, .. '" 
____ iiiiii 

~ 

PROBLEMS 
Continued from page 14 
you know he has no business being in. 
You will see him passing classes in or-
der to stay on the basketball court. 
Someday you may see him on some 
street begging money from ·passersby. 
And it's sad. 

The only place I can think of where 
all these off-field distractions can be 
avoided - where there are no Chris 
Washbums-is in smallcollegeathlet-
ics. 

Only in competition between the 
nation's "small" schools can you find 
athletics simply for the sake of athletics. 
These colleges give students who want 
to compete intercollegiately an oppor-
tunity to do so. 

Triton teams dominate Division ill 
almost across the board, but our athletes 
do not get cars and cash to attend this 
university. They are students who have 
chosen the school as much for its aca-
demic as for its athletic reputation. 

They are electrical engineering and 
bio-chem majors; they are not physical 
education and pre-NBA majors. They 
are not here because it's a free ride or a 
stepping stone towards a future athletic 
profession. 

Maybe they were not quite good 
enough to eam a scholarship at Notre 
Dame orUSC. But they are good enough 
to be competitive against teams of that 
caliber in a number of sports, and they 
are doing it for the sake of competition. 
And they certainly don' t need to com-
pete with these scholarship athletes 
academically. 

And nobody is concerned about a 
possible Triton lockout. 

~LAU HTER~ 
• 

• SI RE 
the mighty lemon drops 

the ocean blue john wesley harJllng 

FRIDAY • MARCH 2 • 8PM 
PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 
UCSD ST. $11 • G.A. $15 • ($16 DAY OF SHOW) 
UCSD BOX OFFICE • 534-4559 • TICK"~~'" 

Presented by UCSD UE6SA !lB and '! IX 

Thursday, February IS, 1990 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 10 

Senior Dann Eaton, UCSD's 
second pitcher, went 4 1/3 s trong 
innings, allowing no runs on three 
hits. 

UCR's starter, sophomore Bill 
Jordan, threw harder as the game 
wore on and left unscathed after 
six full innings. 

UCSD's only run came in its 
half of the seventh when right-
fielder Chris Murphy drew a lead-
off walk and promptly stole sec-
ond. 

A throwing error allowed him 
to advance to third, and Anthony 
Sanchez drove him in with a sacri-
fice fI y to right. 

Monday's game seemed fright-
eningly similar to UCSD's other 

loss this year to Southern Cal 
College. 

In both games, the opposition 
struck early and knocked out the 
Triton starter- I .I. Fisher against 
Southern Cal and Rupkey against 
Riverside. 

On the positive side for UCSD, 
however, both times Eaton came 
in and pitched well during the 
middle innings. Eaton has now ' 
thrown 9 2/3 innings of scoreless 
relief. 

The Tritons knew beforehand 
that this game would be tough, as 
UCR defeated SCC 6-5 recently. 
UCSD fell 6-1 to SCC a week ago. 

Yates feels that the team is much 
better than it has shown, but he 
does not want to take anything 
away from a solid UCR team that 
has already beaten perennial Divi-

The UCSD Guardian 

sion I power Arizona State this 
year. 

On Tuesday, UCSD squared off 
against the Spanish National Team 
- which has faced SDSU and 
Point Lorna Nazarene in the past 
week - in an exhibition game. 

Diplomatically , the game ended 
in an 8-8 tie after eight innings be-
cause of darkness. 

The Tritons came back against 
Spain in dramatic fashion when 
outfielder Ernie Isola salvaged the 
tie by hitting an inside-the-park 
home run in the eighth. 

Yates was happy to see his 
ballclub put up some runs, but he 
admits that it still has some serious 
work to do. 

UCSD hosts La Verne in an im-
portant Division III doubleheader 
on Saturday beginning at 12 p.m. 

SPORTS 15 

TRITON SWIMMING NATIONAL LEADERS 

Men'.ladividuaJ Women's individual 
Brad Thomas SOO freestyle 

1650 freestyle 
Greg Goodrich ) 00 back 
Taylor Spangler 100 breast 

Sabrina Lum 100 butterfly 
200 butterfly 

Catherine Capriles 

Men's and Women's Team 
200 Medley Relay 
400 Medley Relay 

100 back 
200 bacIc 
200i.m. 
4OOi.m. 

UCSD Xtramural Club Sports ... 
Whal Wb2 .Qu ~ 
Cycling Criterium al SDSU Sat.-Sun. TBA 
Lacrosse (M) al Loyola Marymount Sunday 1:00 p.m. 
Lacrosse (W) UCSB Tourney at UCSB Fri.-Sun. All Day 
Rugby OMBAC at Robb Field Saturday All Day 
Sailing PCIYRA at Long Beach Fri.-Sat. TBA 
Ski Racing O.S. ItS at June Mm. Saturday TBA 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

Weekend IntercoUegiate Sports Attractions ... 
YEARS l!IIIl l!bst Du. :I.IIB 

Baseball LA VERNE (Doublebeader) Saturday 12:00 p.~. A HEAD Basketball (M) CAL STATE SAN BERNARDINO Friday 8:00 p.m. Basketball (W) CALIFORNIA BArnsT Friday 6:00 p.m. 
alRedlands Saturday 7:30 p.m. HAIR CUTS Golf al San Diego Golf Academy Friday 7:30 a.m. by Christina and Mark 

Tennis (M) CAL STATE BAKERSFIELD (Muir) Thursday 3:00 p.m. Women 517 (reg. $25) al USD Tournament Fri.-Sal. All Day 
AIR FORCE ACADEMY Sunday 1:. p.m. Men 514 (reg. $19) 

Tennis (W) POMONA.PITZER (Muir CourtB) Sabarday 10:00 a .• m. UCSD Specials Track and Field UC .Irvine and cal Poly Pomona al UCI Saturday 11:30 a.m. Perm & Hajrcut or 
VoUeybail (M) at Long Beach State Friday 7:30 p.m. Hjghlight & Jlair/'ut 550 

UCSDALUMNI Sabarday 7:00 p.m. 
HOME EVENTs IN BOLD For appolfltmfnt. please caI/457-19JO. 8950 Vi/hi L. Jolt. Dr., Stt. Zl20, La Jolla (b.hind EI Torito directly across ramp.) 

u.s. COLLEGE , 

IF YOU'RE NOT COMPETING, COME BY JUST FOR LAUGHS! 

MARCH 6 • TUESDAY • 8PM • TRITON PUB • FREE! 
PRESENTED BY UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS & STUDENT ACTIVITIES 

I I 

HOW TO BECOME THE FUNNIEST 
COLLEGE STUDENT IN AMERICA 

IN THREE MINUTES: 
' Prepare a hilarious three minute comedy routine. 
(Clean, of course) 

' Win Your Campus Competition 
(At the time and place listed below) 

' Be judged the best in the U.S.A, 
by Jerry Seinfeld, National Judge 

THE PRIZES ARE NOTHING TO LAUGH AT: 
'Certs Mints will take the regional winners on a trip 
to Daytona Beach during Spring Break to perform 
for vacationing students, and that winner will go to 
New York City to perform at a famous comedy club, 

'Get a U.S. College Comedy T-Shirt. 



16 The UCSD Guardian 

SOCCER (U ofFeb. 12 
IHm 11K. 
Men's AAA 

Basketball Playoff Info 1. The Cheifs 4-0 2. Duzzy Fuds 3-0 
3. Lethal Erection 2-0-1 One olthe toughesllntrarrural crowns 

to capture is a Basketball Championship. 
Just finishing in the top ha~ of a league is 
tough enough. Let alone the grueing 
single elirTination playoff schedule. 

TIme and courtavailabi~ty make teams 
playas many as five games in a one week 
period justto gello the finals. This year is 
no exception. 1M Basketball playoffs will 
begin on March 4 and end on Champion-
ship Sunday. March 11 . 

25th at which time the 1M basketball staff 
will use their super Z·5000 computer 
(read: some tan cool Bud Utes and a #2 
penciij to put together a most exciting 
playoff tournament. 

4. Cowboys & Indians 2-1 -1 
5. Pass The Rasia 1-2-1 

M.n'. M 
1. Whimsical Yams 4-0 

Most leagues will finish by February 

The tournament bracket will be 
posted on Wednesday February 28 at 
Canyonview and alIC3iUnsshould check 
to see when and where they might be 
playing. Now the easy part, getting your 
squad into the tour'nan18Jlln;;tIOIt-llt<;l( 

2. Stromboi 2-0 
3. Pull Out & Dribble 3-0 
4. Puflll & Run • 2-0 
5. Toking To V'icIory 2-0 
6. We Put It In 3-0-1 
7. Orthepedic SIMIle 3-0-1 
8. 3rd Arrrry 1·0-1 down the home 9. Sevil Natas 1-0-1 

BASKETBALL Rankin,s (U 10. ScrearTing Butt Nuggets 2·1 
Ium Jltii.. rum 
Men'. AM 
1. Potpourri 

7. We Came. Shot & Scored 5-1 
Men'. A 
1. Juan Valdez Plays Soccer 4-0 
2. Jack nth & Fun Gus 2-0 

5.() 8. Katy's Klds 5-1 
2. Dinner is Served 5-0 9. No Worries 4-1 
3. Public Enemy 4-1 10. Early ~ Stiffies 4-1 
4. Point Game 4-1 3: Bush 2-0-1 

4. Kaya, Peon & Tofu 2-0 
5. The Herd 3-2 Men'. 5'10" & Under 
Men'.M 

1. Teriyaki Up the Yingyang 
2. Dunkin Docs 

5-0 5. No Brain, No Pain 2-0 5-0 6. FICken Sie 2-0 
7. Andy's Men & S Ball 2·0 

1. Team Conoept 5-0 3. Come, Shoot & Dribble 4-1 
2. Smell My Fist 5.() 

8. Balls 2-1 
9. Superc:oldels 3-1 
10. Buriss & Jan-ie 2-1 

4. Highlanders 3-1 
3. Skunks, Maggots. No Cow 6.() 5. Mighty Munchkins 3-2 
4. Legion 01 Doom 5.() 
5. Super Whales 5.() Coed 
6. Gorilla Biscuits 4·1 1. Chunkey Monkey 4-0 
7. Masons 4-1 2. On a Roll 4-0 Women'. 
8. The Chiefs 4-1 3. Something U Cannot Buy 3-0 
9. Smoove Move 4-1 

1. Misfits 2-0 
2. Players 2-0 4. Jordan's Heirs 4-1 

10. Suicide by Zips 4·1 5. Maternity Ward 4-1 3, We Have No Balls 1-0 4. Two Left Feet 1·0 
Men 'I A Women'. 5. Sokka' Bro 1-0-1 
1 , Synthetic Tools 6.() 1. VB is Just a Hobby III 2·1 
2. Faithful Wonders 5.() 

6. Safari Club 1-0-1 
7 . II's Not Votleybail 1-0-1 2. 7 Point Guards 3-1 

3. Vanina Thunder 5-0 3. Puflllhouse Gang 3-1 8. Easy Score 1-1 
4. Team Bob 5-0 4. Kappa Key Krashers 2·1 
5. Rupester's Hoopsters 

9. Weed Scorchers 1-1 
10. All Boobs N' No BaIs 0-1·1 4-1 5. P.M.S. Power 

6. Vital Capacity 5-0 

25 seconds len in the seoond half 01 a close Men's AA 
SasketbaA game. It's been a physical contest all the way 
through-emotions running high, tempers beginning to flare, 

Suddenly. away Irom the action. Bin Hardwood gives Jake 
Jumpshot a little shove for something Jake said to him earlier. 
Jake doesn~ take kindly to it. Before long the two are in each 
others face. going at it. Billy Martin style. Who comes to 
separate 6-4 Bill and ~ Jake? 

Enler 5-3 Monique Vaillancourt, ctad in zebra stripes and 
brandishing a whistle. Though she comes up to their 
midsections. she looks them straight in the eye and tells the 
pair to take up their differences on their own time, Bill and 
Jake give each other one final cold stare. then ba<;l( off to their 
respective positions. The game ooncl.Jdes wnhout incident 

Why didnl the 'macho guy rer on the ooun handle the 
rough stuff? That's because the other reteree's name is Erica. 
For the forsl time. the sight ot two women ofticiating an 
Inlrarrurai game is becoming commonplace, and n's not just in 
basketball. The black and white stripes arv being filled by 
more and more women in every sport, 

The trad~ional figlJre of one or two femele reter"s per 
sport is now more like lour 01 flV8. In basketball that number is 
nine-25% of all basketball refer"s. and In volleyball, women 
actually exceed men in quantity of officials. 

As for qualrty, pariqlants. feAow refs. and staff members 
seem qune pleased with the performances of women officials, 
and are viewing the increased number of women on the courts 
and fields as positive. 

Intrarrural Director Mike Hipp attriJutes the growing 
nurOOer of lemale referees to the increased exposure to sports 
these women are getting before they enter cottege. 

'These women have reached a higher degree of conti-
dance about the game ilseW. be k baketbIII or soccer or 
whatewr ... and so lofficiadng] becorrws less intimidating of a 
job.' 

Hipp explains that most d the women offictats on the staff 
come from a solid ~ in the sport that each raftlles, 
and many even haw playing Ppl!ience at the interrollegilte 
level. 

2·1 

Bernadette Diepenbrock is one such re!eree. A Triton 
basketball standout. Dieperbro<;!( has been playing the game 
since fourth grade, There is no question about her knowledgf 
of the game. Still. she senses a lot 01 apprehension on the 
part of male participants about her competence at the start 01 
a game. 

'A lot 01 guys, when !hey see a woman ref, doubt a 
woman might know !he game: she says. 

And what a a guy gets in her face about a call? 
'1 pst try to ignorv him and keep my calls oonsistent.' 
No, but what ij a guy rIIlly gets in her face? 
'Shut up and play me one-on'il/le.' 

You'lI find that the most common OOf1llIalnt among the 
women is the lack of respect they get from male participants. 
As Sports Assistant Carolyn Hoffman explains. men have have 
betn accustomed to !he world of sports as being exctusively 
llliW-maIe players. male coaches, male rvlerees, so the 
feeling Is that women donl fit Into this wor1d. 

Hoffman has officiated three dilfertnt spons since geItilg 
he! start In 1987. but pretty rruch sticks to hockey these days. 

She enjoys this spoft mosl because, • .. .Irs fast-paoed and 
exciting, plus a lot of people out there are playing the sport lor 
the first time, so they're more ikely just to be havilg a good 
time instead of taklng ~ so seriously.' 

That a woman has decidedly morv pressure 10 establish 
hersetf on lhe playing Mace is a oonvnon response of 
women officials when asked about their job. But most are 
confident with themselves and the job they do, 

As tAe Hipp sums up, 'You're either cut out to be a 
... or you're noI-mIIe or female,' 

Other women admit that the 'static" they get from angry 
players is the part d the job they could most do without. Most 
women. that is. 

Whars soccer referee Patricia Ducke(s least favorite 
part? 

.FItfIilg with a haIlgoYer at 10 AM: Patricia says glibly. 
And. yes. she adrrits to blowing her whlstlt a IittIt softer 

and a little less often on such mornings. 

Ium IlK. 
CoedAAA 
1. Nothing Stupid 1-0-1 
2. OrgasrTic Squeal 3·1 
3. Protruding Crevasses 1 +2 
4. Puss N' Boots 0-1·1 
5, No To Mauro 1-2 

CoedM 
1. Our Guys Have No BaIs 3-0 

• 2. Med Heads 2-0 
3. Penetrate And Score 2-0 
4. Wunder Dawgs 2-0 
5. Not The Ballet 1-0 
6. Di<;l( Cheese & Watennelon2-O 
7. Local Max 1-0 
8. Musty Sea Monkeys 1-1 
9. Local Max 3-1 
10. You Shoot We Score 2·1 

Coed A 
1. SkJg Muffins 2·0 
2. Tuna Thunder 2-0 
3. Mike Etc. 4.() 
4. GSSL 2-0 
5. Guys Are Worthless 2-0 
6, Buddies On The Field II 1-0-1 
7. Lobotomy Patients 1-0-1 
8. Klck in' The Baits Again 1-0-1 
9. Bodes On The Field II 1-0-1 
10. LooUAa No Handsl 1.() 

FLOOR 
HOCKEY 
til,.,. Feb. 18 

COI"U~ of BudWoman 
Ium 
Women" M 
1. Bust a "love 3-0 
2. ConsisIenUy UnpredctabIe 3-0 
3. No BaIs, No Problem 2·1 
4. The Czech Navy 0-1·2 

Women'. A 
1. Biohazards 4·0 
2. Daring Deniszens 2-0-1 
3. Ad·Hok 2·1 
4. Stick 'Em Up 2·()'1 
5. We Know The Positions 2·1 
6. Puck You 2·2 
7. DonHtit Cindy 1-0-1 
8. We Handle Big Sticks 1·1·1 

Men'. AAA 
1. Floor Wilhout Wax 3-0 
2. Make's Better than Pokey 2-1 
3. Dozen Sticks 3-1 
4. Forever Old 1·2 

Men'. M 
1. BadNad 2-0 
2. Nameless But Graduating 2-0-2 
3. Revenge of the Buttlid 2-0-2 
4. PuckFuck RJsc 3-1 
5. Slap" In 3-1 
6, Shafted 2·1-1 
7. The Herd 2·1 
8. Nothing To Do With NeurTi 2·1 
9. Donl Cum In Our Crease 1-0-1 
10. Bradley's Bastards 1·1·1 

Men's A 
1. Boog Knows Beer 3-0 
2. AcaderTic Probation 2-0 
3, The Bad Scorin' Prod 3-0-1 
4. Bio Haz·Beens 2-0-1 
5. No Names 2-0 
6. Puck Netlln 3-1 
7. Disco Noids 2-0-1 
8. Puck You & Stick" 2·1 
9. Caribou Noodles 2·0-1 
10. N's On toe 2·1 

Hawaiian Football Playoffs 
It' • .axKrt time, don't you ....... IUY wiN run and shoot 

think? Ian't • little coveraee on their w.y to the cMmplonshlp 
"--I .. Foou.n .. UCSO Juet qUllrtertlull. 
a bit overdue? We The four FrI-
think 10 ... " ..... It cI8y winne .. pt 
comea .. .. p.wln' the distinct tINt 
m.pIftcentIy out of of c ..... kllll their 
the top of 01' MII_ fin In.. up the 
.... herMIt. win, Friday 

It'. chM'lplonllllp aln.t I .. ,ue 
tI_ In ......... Foot, ch.mplon., Final 
bill th .. com"" FrI- FIInI(~), NoCt ... 
uy, Mel ttwt __ (~), Sixty Three 
points, points, and .nd Six (3-11, 
mo .. points. __ and Seekl", A 
poIntstMn.ventheLoyoa.M. M-w(3-1). No doubt about 
rymount ...... lHm .. com- It, tMM...,. C8II nm JOU Into 
torUl"" with. the pound ... or a volo8M, for 

Hsnka.thenand Bo Klmbls th8t 1Mtter. 
hllve notIIirW on - ........ Thllyur'.1.4th_ .......... 
...,.. lfyoudon'hc_lnthrM Bowl ..... , _1IIerMtIc of the 
.,..,. In the "--, .. FootIIIIlI ..... 11811 Footbell eh8mplon-
....}'-OIrI .. UCSO you'll quickly ,hlp, will be plllyed Friday, 
Ind y-.eIf behind the -11M. M.rch 2 .. Ipm, at w ... .. 
bell. .... ••• the MuIr FIsId .. ... 

Th8 ...... Is fun, fat, and rock. F .... ~ and a.,. 
terribly MfObIc and this Friday My fife will be honorIiry .... 
8brMon on the Muir V__ ..... The, IhouId be IookInC 
FIeIdI (th8t •• no joIIe, by the .w .. lnthelr ............ 1IIohII 
way), el,ht .urvlvor. from IhlrUI. Good luck to alII 

t AT l)~ 
arts entertainment 

FEBRUARY 15, 1990 
Music Scene Springs Alive 



Red Black: Boot Factor 4 
Even simpler to play than Hi-Lo is Red Black. It is 

the easiest beer game to learn and teach, and it's the 
quickest game to play. Thus, it is ideal when you need 
a game to pass [he time between classes, while waiting 
for a date, during TV commercials, etc. 

Two players place a deck of cards face down and 
draw from the top. If the card is red, you drink. If it's 
black, your opponent drinks. 

It does not take a genius to realize that there are 26 
red cards and 26 black cards in a deck. This means 
that each player will drink 13 beers during his trip 
through the deck (if traditional half-beer penalties 
are observed). If your competitive instinct demands 
that there be a winner, remove one card before 
starting. 

Party Safe n Don't Drink and Drive 
11» GUMdiMI doN nol condonI.1he coneumptIon 01 8Icoholby minora. 
Reprinted with ptlrmisslQn from Til. Comp~re Book of~1!J' Drinlci>wGames by 

Ben Rand, Andy Gnscomand SroltJohnsron. Copyrightl9S9. Availableatlocal 
book$[ore5 or from Mustang Publi$blng, PO Box 9327, New Haven, cr 06533 
($5.95 $1.50 

Mira Me.a Iclwarel. Theaters 
566·1917 

Hard To Kill Loose Cannons 
Stella Stanley & Iris 

Univ .... lty Towne c.ntre 
452·7766 

Glory Driving Miss Daisy 
Revenge Born on the Fourth of July 

N ightbreed Hard To Kill Stanley & Iris 

La Jolla Villa •• Th.aten 
453·7831 

Call For Titles & Show Times 

K.n CI .... __ 2.3· 5909 
2/15 Steppenwolf/Matter of Heart 

2/16 Little Vera/A Flame in My Heart 
2/17-2/20 The Brave Little Toaster 

Every Fri. & Sat . at Midnight: 
Rocky Horror Picture Show 

MILES 
DAVIS 

~UCSD 
8 p.m., Feb. 24 with the 
UCSD Jazz Ensemble 
Benefit concert ror UCSD 
Contemporary Black Ans 
Scholarship Fund 
Concert Patrons $IOO· 534-0670 
MaadeviJIe Auditorium 
GA $35· Students $20' 
UCSD Box Ortice • 5344559 

~~~ 

EB film 
June Foray Featured at Animation Fest. 

The 1990 Festival of Anima-
tion is currently playing at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Arts in downtown La Jolla every 
weekend through March 31. 

Consisting of a collection of 
animated short films, the Festival 
also features special guest artists, 
includingcomputeranimator John 
Lasseter and Mark Dippe, George 
Lucas' Industrial Light and Magic 
special effects company represen-
tative. 

In addition to animated shorts, 
voice actress June Forey recently 
made a guest appearance and spoke 
about her experiences in the pro-
fession, sprinkling her talk with 
various character voices. 

Having always known she 
wanted to act, Forey began her 
work when she was young. 

"I wanted to do stage, but I'm 
too short," the petite actress ex-
plained. So at the age of 12, Forey 
began her voice actress career in 
Massachusetts. 

"I moved out to California with 
my parents asa teenager," she said. 
She wrote her own radio show, 
"Lady Make Believe," which olired 
three times a week in Los Angeles. 
She then moved on to national 

By Melinda Hamilton 
Staff Writer 

radio and landed a contract with 
Capital Records, where she worked 
with Mel Blanc, performing the 
voice of Witch Hazel. 

Forey worked for Disney as 
Lucifer the cat in "Cinderella" and 
the two mermaids and the Ind ian 

squaw in "Peter Pan ." LenaHyena 
from "Who Framed Roger Rab-
bit?" is a more recent addition to 
her list of characters. But after 
doing so many parts, which is her 
favorite? 

See FORAY, pagee 8 

Cory Malthew 
Guest artist June Foray recently attended the Festival of 
Animation. 

Hiatus Staff Box 
Hiatus Editor 
Patricia Jettie 

Associate Hiatus Editor 
Helena Leng Loh 

Music Editor 
Bryan Dias 

Editorial Assistants 
Lara Heisler Jennifer Yancey 

Senior Staff Writers 
Christina Huizar 
Nancy Muntner 

Audrey Lyn Winterer 
Staff Writers 

Laura Baker Mike Berta 
Watter R. Bitts Scott Casmer 

Eric Gustafsen Melinda Hamitton 
Josh Odintz Marie Pastemak 

Michael Schwartz Jean Suzuki 

Guardian Reporters 
Caroline Anman 

Ramine Bahrambegi 
Wende Bischoff 
James Oartow 

Pierre de Gaillande 
Joceliza Gonzaga 

Kevin Hultquist 
James E. Ingman 
Michael Newton 

Hiatus is a weekly supplement to the UCSD Guardian. Free-lance material is accepted with prior 
editorial ap rovaL 

Visa or Mastercard! 
Even if bankrupt or bad creditl We 
GUARANTEE you a card or double 
your money back. Call 1-805·682-
7555, ext. M-1052. 

Roundtrip Diego 
",oe." • JI 
LMVqa • JI 
1M Fruclsco • 51 H....... '191 

~I 'JJI 
Re5rictiona do appIyl 

_c .... .,..,a=.~ 
.",..,,,.. I Cola 

UCSO PRICE CENTER 
(by the Post ornee) 

", __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ _ 

7Dtf~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively WI! and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-- ------------------

'Must present coupon ond valid UCSD ID at time of estimate. 
Not valid with major engine or transmission repoirs. 

[
iIIiilll CALL IsNIA ~ 1450-94941 '-,,,~~ 

.... ,..,'IYfUlh'Cf alE._ 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them I 
About Us; If They Haven't Discoyer~ 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
S870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

SST Recording Artists pt.v On CamPUs 

fiREHOSE heats 
, 

up Triton Pub 
By Pierre de Gaillande 

Guardian Reporter 

fiREHOSE isn't just one of the 
hottest bands in the college music 
scene right now, they're a lso 
down-to-Earth, easy-going guys. 

After hanging out with fiRE-
HOSE at the Triton Pub last Sat-
urday nigh t before their sold out 
show, I would have loved them 
even if they hadn 't played such a 
smoking set of energetic funk-rock-
jazz-punk. 

fiREHOSE consists of Mike 
Watt (bass, vocals, and "spieling"), 
George Hurley (drums), and Ed 
"fROMOHIO" Crawford (guitar 
and vocals). Before the show, W att 
told me that "gigs are like little 
kids, they grow up really quick. 
They're all grown up by midnight, 
and they can tum out rotten or 
good." 

The rea l fire in Firehose started 
12 years ago in San Pedro with a 
band called the Minutemen , in 
which Watt and Hurley played 
with guitarist and songwriter D. 
Boon. 

When Boon was tragically 

killed in a car accident four years 
ago, the Minutemen, who were 
one of the hottest L.A. bands on 
the scene, came to an abrupt halt. 
Even now Watt, who describes the 
Minutemen's music as "not just 
notes, but D. Boon's personality," 
still has trouble talking about Boon. 

After the Minutemen, Watt's 
fi rst musical venture was a Ma-
donna cover band he formed with 
members of Sonic Youth entitled 
Ciccone Youth. His fascination 
for Madonna has shown up in some 
fiREHOSE songs and her photo 
and name are scrawled on his bass. 
He even en tertains the notion that 
her song "La Isla Bon ita" is all 
about San Pedro. 

Intrigued, I asked him what his 
dream date would be with Ma-
donna. He hastened to remind me 
that he is married (to Kira, former 
bass player of Black Rag), but then 
described a trip "to San Pedro 
where the cliffs fall into the water. 
Then I'd explain about San Pedro 
to her." 

After Ciccone Youth, Watt 
received a phol")e call from a young 
kid in OhiO, of all places, who had 
heard about the death of D. Boon 
and wanted to form a new band. 
That kid was Crawford, who knew 
every Minutemen song ever writ-
ten and who soon became the 
singer and guitar player of fIRE-
HOSE. 

Crawford'ssongwritingcompli -
ments Watts simpler style per-
fectly, adding more of a folk and 
blues fee ling to the fiREHOSE 
sound. 

It didn't take long for Firehose 
to inherit the legacy of respect and 
popularity left by the Minutemen. 
The band's only current goal is to 
continue to "play gigs and write 
songs," Watt explained. "It's like 
Sysiphus, once you reach it, you're 
ready for the next step--so you 
never really end up anywhere, and 
it's good." 

It was George, the surfer who 
"gave up surfing for drums," who 
named this tour the "Viva de Ie 
Condor." "[I t was named J after our 
own California Condor," he said. 
"I just thought it would be nice [0 
mention it in case the guy does go 
exti nct." 

The fi rst time I saw fiREHOSE 
at the Roxy in 1988, the absence 
of D. Boon was painfully notice-
able, and Mike Watt even stopped 
in the middle of one of his songs to 
explain that although there was "a 
big hole" on stage, they had a "kid 
from Ohio doing his best." 

Now, Ed "fROMOHIO" is an 
integral part of fiREHOSE, and he 
pulls his third of the weight with 

as much fire as George and Mike, 
as the show Saturda y night proved. 

As the sold out crowd began to 
fill up the Pub, the Pulltoys 
screamed through the ir set of 
countryfunkadellica, pleasing the 

On tour, he says when "you 
play all the [Owns, you get tired 
and have [0 invent new songs." 
The new ones introduced at this 
show were funky, upbeat rockers, 
and they had enough energy-

By the time Firehose came on-
stage, the crowd had been 
worked up to a funky frenzy. The 
slam pit, full of bloodthirsty boys 
and girls, raged throughout the 
hour and a quarter set. 

crowd immensely with such songs 
as "Raining Diamonds" and "Psy-
cho Man," as well as 'a 45 rpm 
version of Steppenwolfs "Magic 
Carpet Ride." 

By the time fiREHOSE came 
onstage, the crowd had been 
worked up to a funky frenzy. The 
slam pit, full of bloodthirsty boys 
and girls, raged throughout the 
hour and a quarter set. 

Needless to say, fiREHOSE 
rocked down the house. They 
blasted through all the old favor-
i tes like "Chemical Wire," "Honey 
Please,'''' lfn,''andalso introduced 
some new songs. 

Mike Watt has written 20 new 
songs for the next fiREHOSE al-
bum, and the band has learned 
seven of them. Part of what makes 
Watt so prolific in his songwriting 
is his constant struggle to keep 
music from becoming boring for 
him. 

especially after the encore-to 
make the crowd go crazy. 

The sound of fiREHOSE is one 
that can not be ignored or pushed 
aside, and they are destined to go 
the way of greatness of the Red 
Hot Chili Peppers or Jane's Ad-
diction, two other L.A. bands with 
the same roots. In fact , the Red 
Hots' first gig was opening for the 
Minutemen in LA. for a dance 
contest. 

Judging from the quality of 
opening bands like the Red Hots 
or the Pulltoys, fiREHOSE is 
clearly a headlining band worthy 
of repect and praise. 

fiREHOSE is a band to keep 
your eye on, because you can cer-
tainly expect them to become in-
creasingly successful. 

Staff writers: Why let $$$ just 
lie around when you could be 
spending it ? 

CHECK OUT 
THE VINYL BLOWOUT 

50 % OFF ALL IMPORT LP'S 
50 % OFF lOa 's of 

DOMESTIC LP'S 
20 % OFF USED LP'S 

ASSORTED VINYL WANTS YOUR USED CD' S 
BRING THEM IN AND WE' LL BUY THEM FROM YOU 

Assorted Vinyl 
TOPTEN!!! 

I. DEPECHE MODE "PERSONAL JESUS" 
2. PETER MURPHY "DEEP" * * 
3. 8-52'S "COSMIC THING" 
4. MORRISSEY "OUUA BOARD, OUUA BOARD" 
5. DAVID BOWIE "SPACE ODDITY"* * 
6. DAVID BOWIE "THE MAN WHO SOLD .. . U * 
7. DAVID BOWIE "HUNKY DORY" * * 
8. PHIL COLLINS "B'UT SERIOUSLY" 
9. UB40 . "LABOUR OF LOVE 1/" 
IO.STONE ROSES "STONE ROSES"** 

Located in P rice Center ~ 
Hours: (O~O) 

Monday - Friday 11 -6 00 00 

**On Sole Now-- 72.99** 



Reggae Artists Pay Tribute to 
Bob Marley 

If he were around today, Bob 
Marley would have been pleased 
with his birthday celebration at 
the California Theatre last Thurs-
day and Friday nights. 

Reggae arrists Tippa !rie, Sh-
inehead, and Black Uhuru were all 
performing. In addition, 91X reg-
gae DJ Makeda was the evening's 
commentator. 

The atmosphere at the Califor-
nia Theatre was thick with energy. 
Before Black Uhuru came on, the 
audience was told to "put out your 
cigarettes and smoke a spliff," an 
order which the majority of the 
audience took to heart. 

Tippa !rie began the festivities 
with a fantastic performance. He 
was joined onstage by his sister 
Miss Irie, and the two of them 
provided an entertaining stage 
show. They sang and jumped 
around the stage together, clad 
idemically in gray slacks and white 
shirts. This was Miss !rie's first 
time performing in the U.S., al-
though they have done numerous 
shows together in Europe. She 
also shows up on his new album. 
AhMe Dis .. 

Tippa Irie was pleased with the 
reception in San Diego, and said 
he was made to feel at home. After 
the show. he explained the differ-
ent reception to reggae in the U.S. 
compared to England, his home-
land. 

"I think the reason more people 
tum up at gigs lilc.e this here is 
because they don't get enough of 
it," Irie said. "In London, you can 
tum on your radio 24 hours a day 
and hear reggae. because we have 
pirate stations." 

By Jennifer Yancey 
Editorial Assistant 

reputation in the dance hall cir-
cuit. When I was about 17, I made 
my first record about seven years 
ago." 

In 1986, !rie recorded his big-
gestsingle to date,"Hello Darling," 
which made the top twenty in the 
United Kingdom. "I just signed to 
I.R.S. records and put out my 
Raggamuffin style record, Ah Me 
Dis," continued Irie. "It was the 
most fun I've had with a record." 

"I just want to make people 
laugh when they hear my music. 
When they hear the name 'Tippa 
Irie' I want people to have a smile 

on their face and be happy," lrie 
concluded. 

Shinehead followed Irie with a 
somewhat boringperformance. He 
initially entered onstage clad in a 
red sweatsuit and gold chains, 
characteristic of rappers, and later 
shed thesweatsuit to reveal biking 
shorts and at-shirt. Shinehead's 
music is an interesting fusion of 
rap and reggae, but doesn't fall 
neatly into either category. In an 
interview backstage, Shinehead 
professed that he doesn't consider 
it more rap or reggae. because he 
doesn't even consider it, he just 

JetUll ........ ,'.IJ ... :um1Jll 

Irie, a master of the reggae style 
'roasting,' has been around the 
English reggae scene for some time. 
"My father used to have a sound 
system, which is like a mobiledisco, 
in the basement of our house and 
we would have house parties," Irie 
said. "I continued 

Tipps lrie helps celebrate the anniversary of Bob M8rley'~ 

Black Uhuru flaunts a combination of rap and r8(KJae. 
. : \ . 1/. I () 'f '," / .. : ',I ' I (,I 

does it. 
When asked his opinion on the 

contraversial issues in rap music, 
Shinehead said, "Everyone can't 
be as clean as Bill Cosby and ev-
eryone can't be as dirty as Eddie 
Murphy. As far as the bragging 
stuff, there's a market for it. There's 
a market for rubbish, and there's a 
market for good stuff too."· 

Shinehead will have a new 
album out in the spring. and says 
that the new album is a mix of 
musical styles. "Some people might 
say I went back· to reggae, and you 
can definetely hear authentic reg-
gae tracks." he said. "On the other 
hand. you might hear something 
that smells of rap. then you might 
hear some commercial stuff that 
the kids would like." 

Black Uhuru ended the cele-
bration with a fantastic perform-
ance which included original 
members Duckie Simpson. Garth 
Dennis. and Don Carlos. Black 
Uhuru formed in the mid-seven-
ties, getting their name from the 
Swahili word for freedom . They 
put on a lively show. and the four 
back-up singers provided both 
visual and audio appeal. 
Music Edicor Brian Dias contributed 
to this article . 

----------------~ UCSD : 
Student I 

carl's Jr. Spedal : 
I I 
I BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I 
I I I Bacon Cheeseburger : 
! r~FREE i 
I Valld crt: 6788 Miramar Rd. I I Coupon expires March 15, 1990. One offer per coupon. 
lOne coupon per customer per visit. Not valid with any ® I 
I other oUer or discount Price does not include tax. C!_r,:I'" _..... I Clearl Karcher EnterpriseS. Inc. 1·990 .. _:&"D .,.a;. I L _______________________ _ 

Attention Chemistry Lab students 

BEFORE YOU 
'·REG. • • 
Due to scheduled construction work in the 
Undergraduate Sciences Building, the 
Chemistry Department may be forced to 
reduce enrollment in laboratory courses 
during the Fall Quarter 1990. Students who 
need any of these courses to graduate in 
Fall 1990 are encouraged to enroll this Spring. 



The UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO, oilers an inten· 
sive ABA Approved post graduate 14 week 
LAWYER'S ASSISTANT PROGRAM. This Program 
will enable you to put your education to work as a 
skilled member of the legal team. 

on campus 

Thursday. February 22. 1990. 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. 
Career Services, Conference Room 

For more information 
contact your career center at: (619) 534-4939 
----t--~~~-----~w~7s~~~;;~~:---

lM) Unl\'L'r»lly Room 318. Serre Hall San D,ego. CA 9211 0 d (\)an DIe&' (619) 260.4579 
Name ______________________________ _ 
Current Address __________________________ _ 

City ____________ _ State ____ Zip __ _ 

Current Phone II ______________________ _ 
Permanent Phone 1/ 

COLLEGE 
Mdrtin Luther King, Jr. 

PJrdde 

T-Shirts - $5.00 
Come by the Third College 
Administration Building -
Dean's Office to pick up a 

t-shirt. 

Call the Third College 
Dean 's Office at 534-4390 

for more information. 

Your Decision. Your Choice. 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• immediate 

Test Results 
• Pregnancy 

Tennination 
• General or Local 

Anesthesia 
• Nfordable 

Birth Control 
• Student Discount 

The College Line 
535-1379 

,.,-;r;'J .L ' f..ii.itiJ II CnOICe 
Fllmily PllIlIItI;tg 

Associotes 
Medicol Group 

Perfoemlng It IqUIDB 's ... 

Seattle's Soundgarden Moves South 
by Jennifer Yancey 
Editorial Assistant 

The "Seattle Sound," which is and powerful. 
emerging onto the music scene, Everman accurately describes 
has been receiving a 10[ of recent their music as "dark rock." It is 
notice. This can be attributed to categorized as metal, but like many 
the SubPop label, which has dis- bands, it doesn' t fall neatly into 
covered such local Seattle talent any musical category. 
as Mudhoney, Nirvana, and Tad. Whatever disputes arise over 

It can also be attributed to its categorization and comparisons , 
Soundgarden, who have now the inarguable fact remains that 

was something they were looking 
to change, at least not in the near 
future. 

Soundgarden made the transi-
tion from independant to a major 
record label gracefully, not toning 
down their sound for the major 
leagues, but turning it up. Ever-
man explains that they receive 

launched themselves out of "11"1" ~-...::----.... ~......,,=---. more artistic freedom on 
the Seattle scene into a con-
tract with A&M records, a 
Orammy nomination for best 
heavy metal performance, and 
a cult status which is rapidly 
escalating into international 
recognition. 

Soundgarden is composed 
of vocalist Chris Cornell, gui-
tarist Kim Thayil, drummer 
Matt Cameron, and bassist 
Jason Everman. Everman, for-
merly with Nirvana, replaced 
Hiro Yamamoto about five 
months ago. 

A&M than they received on 
either SST or SubPop. 

"The hard thing about 
SubPop is that bands don't 
have a lotoffreedom in terms 
of packaging, and choice of 
the order of songs," Everman 
clarified. "We have more 
money withA&M,so there's 
more freedom in that respect, 
and we get to have more input 
in the packaging and song 
order." 

The band is currently tour-
ing the United States, pro-
moting the release of their 
major label debut, Louder 
Than Love. In a recent tele-
phone interview, Everman Soundgarden are (~r) Kim Thayi/, Matt 
compared Louder Than Love Cameron, Jason Everman, and Chris 
to their previous SST release Cornell. 

Cornell claimed that 
there won't be a sticker on 
one of their albums saying 
"Featuring 'Loud Love' and 
'Oet on the Snake.''' Cor-
nell wants to be consistant 
with their packaging succes-
sion from beginning to end. 

Soundgarden is a band 
that needs to be seen live to 

really understand what they are 
trying to do, which is make a lot of 
noise. They put on a high-energy 
show, with a lot of hair and ampli-
fiers that go up to 1 L 

Ul!ramegaOK. "Louder Than Love the music works. Songs like "I 
sounds more like Soundgarden," Awake and AllOver" beg theste-
Everman claimed. reo to be turned up. 

TheuniquenessofSoundgarden Some criticism has arisen con-
lies in their up-front brash quality. cerning Soundgarden's lyrics. 
The combination of older influ- Songs like UBig Dumb Sex" may 
ences such as Led Zeppelin and not be poetic, but the quartet's 
Black Sabbath with modem influ- strength doesn't lie in their lyrics, 
ences like Fugazi and Metallica it lies in their music. Everman 
results in music that is strong, loud, didn't feel the style of the lyrics 

San Diegans will have theirop-
portunity to experience a 
Sound garden show tomorrow 
night, when they play at Iguana's 
with Voivod. 

To study alone lor the MCAT is nearly impossiblt. To study without 
Stanlty H. Kaplan is simply a bad caTttr move. 

Maybe it's our 50 years 01 expc:ntnce. Our small ~ and advanctd 
teaching methods. Or a research depamnent that reacts to test changes belore 
most companies even know thty exist. 

Whatever it is. il medicint is in your future. Stanley H. Kaplan can help 
you stan practicing right now. 

I STANlEY H. KAPlAN Take Kaplan OrTake Your Glances 
Classes forming now! 
Call 2n·6744 to enroll! 

For other locations call 800-KAP-TEST. 

Be"'dna Into tht U.S. """"t college radio and continuous tour-
ing. 

street." 

The Primitives Get Pure 
really don't hav.e time to do that," 
Tracy said. "We're always doing 
something, or we're doing an in-
terview or on TV. We're pretty 
solid and happy as a 4 - piece." 

In Europe, the band has ap-
peared on numerous talk shows 
and magazine covers. 

Their current stops in America 
might be their last of the year if 
their busy schedule does not let up, 
so don't miss their show with the 
Sugarcubes. 

By Josh Odintz 
Staff Writer 

The band is currently more 
popular in their native England 
than in the United States, but 
they hope to change that through 

"It'snicethat people know what 
you loole like, not just what you 
sound like," Tracy laughed. "We 
get people walking up to us on the 

Even Tracy is excited about the 
stop. "Just come along and have 
some fun at the gig." The Primitives, one of 

England's top alternative bands, 
have once again come up with 
another exciting album. Pure, their 
second effort, will satisfy the group's 
old fans and certainly usher in new 
ones. 

"We're all really happy how it 
turned out," said lead singer Tracy 
Tracy in a recent telephone inter-
view. "Unlike Lovely [the band's 
first album) , we aren't a bit disap-
pointed with it. We basically re-
corded with Paul Simpson and it 
was really good. It sounds more 
structured and more uniform than 
Lovely ." 

Although the Primitives' first 
a lbum only produced one huge hit 
in America, "Crash," Pure con-
rains many songs which are sure to 
be successful on college radio. 

The first s ingle, "Sick oflt," has 
already hit the top 20 in England. 
Guitarist Paul Court sings lead 
vocals on the next single "All the 
W ay Down." Both songs, in addi-
t ion to the rest of the album, con-
tain the intensity and raw energy 
of their live performances. 

What makes Pure a better al-
bum is the continuiry of good music 
from one song to the next. Lovely 
was choppy with many high points 
and a few low ones, but Pure elimi-
nates the pitfalls. The combina-
tion of Tracy and Court's vocals, 

lit's really hard 
to categorize 
us. Rock critics 
label us. I really 
don't like thst.' 

-Tracy Tracy 
added to Court's dreamy guitar riffs 
on many of the tracks takes the 
Primitives' sound one step higher. 
The band has ironed out the kinks 
from the past, yet has still kept 
their traditional sound. 

Once again, the Primitives 
combine sixties and modern music 
to create their trademark sound. 
Although they are known as an 
alternative group, Tracy has dif-
ferent feelings about her music. 

"It's really hard to categorize 
us," T racy explained. "Rock critics 
label us. I really don't like that. 
[O ur music) has sortof a sixties feel 
to it that has been brought up to 
date with the nineties. It's quite 
tradi tional rock and roll ." 

T racy jo ined Court, bassist 
Steve Dullaghan, and drummer Tig 
W illiams in 1986 to complete the 
band's current lineup. Previously, 
the band had a male singer, but 
afrer he left, the group was desper-
ate for a vocalist. 

Tracy remembered that "I saw 
an ad in the local library which 
said 'Primitives looking for male 
singer.' I answered and just went 
to see and went along with it." 

Since then, the band has been 
busy at work with two albums and 
multiple tours. Their latest swing 
through the U.S. with the Sug-
arcubes, is slated to stop by the 
California Theater on February 16. 

The Primitives have been get-
ting a warm reception from Ameri-
can audiences. 

"It's great," exclaimed Tracy. 
"It's brilliant. It's something we 
didn't expect. The first time we 
went out we got loads of people. 
And the second time it was even 
better!" 

Once the Primitives conclude 
their tour with the Sugarcubes, 
they are head ing home to record a 
four track E.P. to be released only 
in Europe. Afterwards, a British 
and European tour is planned, 
which will take them through the 
end of this year. 

Tracy had considered using her 
free ti me to work on a solo project, 
but the idea will no t materialize in 
the near future . 

"There was talk of that, but we The Primitives will open for the Sugarcubes concert this weekend at the California Theatre. 

Smith C orona presents three products that can 
help make schoolwork academic. 

The Smith Corona PWP 2000 Personal Word 
Processor is in a class by itself. It]s so compact it can 
fit in the most compact dorm room. Yet, thanks to 
features like a built·in disk drive, 100,000 character 
DataDisk capaci~ and a crystal clear displaYJ it 
makes it easy to transform B's into N.s. 

For those who prefer an electronic typewriter; 
the Smith Corona XD 4600 is the typewriter of 
preference. With its 16 character display and ap· 
proximately 7,000 characters of editable memory, 

you can have the convenience of word processing 
features with the simplicity of a typewriter. 

Of course, the pocket.size SpeU:Right'" 300P 
also comes with impeccable references. In this 
case, a built·in electronic dictionary, a thesaurus, 
a calculator, even a collection of challenging 
word games. 

So if you're thinking Magna Cum Laude at 
the end of this year, SMITH 
don't forget to think CORON~ 
SmIth Corona at the ~~y 
beginning of this year. 

For more Informatton on t h~sc producls, write 10 mnh Coro na Corporauon, 65 locUS( Avenuc. New Canaan, CT 06840 
0' Smllh Corona c.n.1da . 440 Tapso.oll Ro.od, Sca rborough,Onta rlo. ""da MtB IY4 



Communicate In Color 
Now At Kinko's 

Canon Color Laser Copies! 
• Pre entation • Tran parencie 
• Di play • Sale Flyer 
• Charts/Graph • Even Copy From Slide ! 

kinko's 
the copy center 
457-3775 

La jolia Village Center 

r------------------~~ 99 C Color Copies I I 
I Brong thiS coupon into a partl Ipatang Kanl.o·s Copy Center and receive up to five I 

81h" II" color copies for only 99q each ot valid With an} other offer. One oupon I I per cu tomer Good through L ___________________ ~ 

tif:.,: THE re-52's 
" ',' 

THE'<:CU~E 
." :: ••. :<::.AND MANY MOREt .::). 
... :.:;:>. ' .•.•. ' ". ..•.•. . •. ; .... :.; •.. 

, tAri 'all'rii(y :I~sir 
. " ," h' ':': , :.;.::::: sow.' 

Foray 
Continued from page 2 

"My favorite part was Rocky 
and Natasha on 'The Rocky and 
Bullwinkle Show,' " Forey said, 
then explained how she landed 
the part. 

"One day my agent called and 
asked me if I had ever heard of J ay 
Ward," Forey said. After respond-
ing no, he asked her if she was 
interested in doing a show starring 
a moose and a squirrel. They shot 
the pilot show and then Forey 
forgot all about it. 

A year later they called back 
and said that the pilot had been 
bought. A week later the series 
was on the air. 

Currently Forey does voices 
such as Granny on "The Gummy 
Bears" and Jokey Smurf on "The 
Smurfs." She just completed work 
on a new series called "Tiny 
Toons," due out in September. 

Every Friday and Saturday night 
through March 24, special guest 
artists will be featured at the festi-
val. 

Assorted films provide the p----------------------------------------------..... audience with a wide variety of 
WHAT: 

WHEN: FEBRUARY 20TH-23RD 
TIME: 9:00 a.m. -4:00 p.m. 

C~IVERSITY 

l;tIII)'\'(I);~1 
HOW: Zenith Reps will be available to take your orders 

WHERE: PRICE CENTER PLAZA!!! 

SUPERSPORT 286 
MO. 20/40 

FREE MS DOS 3.3+ 
FREE Carrying Case 
FREE Internal Modem 
FREE Prodigy Software 

... 

MINISPORT LAPTOP 
5.9 Ib Briefcase Size 

FREE- Carrying Case 
FREE- 2" Diskette 10 pack 
FREE- DOS 3.3+' 
FREE- Data Transfer S/W & Cable 

SUPERSPORT MO. 20 LAPTOP 
20MB Hard Drive 

FREE MS DOS 3.3+ 
FREE Carrying Case 
FREE Internal Modem 
FREE Prodigy Software 

EDUCATIONAL PRICE 
Mo. 1 $1395.00 
Mo. 2 $1895.00 

ZENITH WEEK ONL Y 
Mo. 1 $1235.00 
Mo. 2 $1730.00 
Immediate Delivery 

EDUCATIONAL PRICE 
$1775.00 

ZENITH WEEK ONL Y 
$1545.00 

Immediate Delivery 

EDUCATIONAL PRICE 
Mo. 20 $2600.00 
Mo . 40 $2899.00 

Z286 LP/12 DESKTOP 
FTM VGA Color Monitor 
40 MB Hard Drive EDUCATIONALPRICE 

$2650.00 

ZENITH WEEK ONL Y 
Mo. 20 $2370.00 
Mo. 40 $2680.00 

Immediate Delivery 

FREE MS Windows 
FREE MS Mouse 
FREE MS DOS 3.3+ 
FREE Internal Modem 
FREE Prodigy Software 

ZENITH WEEK ONL Y 
$2,370.00 

Immediate Delivery 

Z386 SX DESKTOP W/2MB RAM 
FTM VGA Color Monitor 
40 MB Hard Drive 

FREE MS Mouse 
FREE MS DOS 3.3+ 
FREE Internal Modem 
FREE Prodigy Software 

EDUCATIONAL PRICE 
$2999.00 

ZENITH WEEK ONL Y 
$2,785.00 

Immediate Delivery 

-,--]' 
. § 1~1 

- _. __ .,1 I =-=-~ :_ == -1 
.... ~-- ~1. ...... " 
'- ,jt~~. · ~~ ( ~ •• " :~f' ~ """ _~ itx';~"-~.:""." .: .. . ~ -' -

--
All Zenith Computers and Accessories are available to sell at the University Uookstore. The special pricing Is available only 
during Zenith Week. For more Information pi ase ca ll Hory Matheny at Zenith Data Systems 213-695-0721 or call U.C.S.D. 
Uookstore . Zenith products are available to U.C.S.D. Students. Faculty. and Starr. Photo ID must be shown. Purch8le orders 
are accepted from DepArtments. 

animation types, from full anima-
tion to claymation to computer 
animation. 

The festival presented a classic 
Superman film and several foreign 
films from the Soviet Union, Great 
Britain, Holland and Canada as 
well as short movies from the 
United States. 

Out of all the entertaining films, 
one of the most notable was 
"Knickknack," a hilariously funny 
film about a snowman caught in a 
snowglobe while being tempted by 
a very attractive young woman 

. outside the glass. The trials of the 
poor snowman kept the audience 
laughing all the way through the 
film. 

The line for the show stretched 
across the front of the museum and 
doubled back before people were 
allowed in, so arriving early is a 
good idea. 

Etheridge 
Continued from page 5 
a working-through thing, where 
afterwards you actually feel bet-
ter." 

She likewise sees her concerts 
as a release of pent-up emotions 
for both herself and her audience. 

"I like to have people that feel, 
that open up and allow the dy-
namics of feeling, at the show," 
Etheridge said. "It's a challenge to 
get through to the people like that. 
It's really baSically an uplifting ex-
perience. It's really intense." 

Etheridge, who played a sold-
out five-night stand at L.A. 's Roxy 
in October, will perform at the 
California Theater in downtown 
San Diego tomorrow night. 

With over a year of touring 
worldwide to sold-out audiences, 
both her albums nearing platinum 
status, and Grammy nominations 
for "Best Rock Vocal, Female" in 
both 1988 and 1989, Etheridge is 
not entirely unjustified in singing 
that the bell tolls for her. 

Etheridge, the artist, testifies to 
the strength of the individual-
the individual who opens windows 
to minds by touching and believ-

..... -----------------------------------------------' ing in the power of emotion and 
truth. 


