
Forgotten 
A.S. Promises 

Separated from 
The Bunnymen 

Ian McCu'loch goes solo 
Hiatus, page H1 Opinion, page 4 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 70, NUMBER 4 

Kremlin Spokesman Gerasimov 
Addresses New Soviet Reforms 
By NICOLA WHITEHEAD 
Staff Writer 

Gennady Gerasimov, the "voice 
of the Soviet Union," poke about 
the effects of social reform in his 
country Tuesday night in the Main 
Gym before an audience of ap-
proximately 350 people, many of 
them supporters of Lithuanian 
independence. 

Gerasimov, the chief spokes-
man for Soviet President Mikhail 
Gorbachev and chief press secre-
tary for the Ministry of Soviet 
Affairs and the Ministry of De-
fense , discu sed glasnost and per-
estroika, Soviet reforms, the effect 
of Soviet reform on both foreign 
and domestic policy, and the situ-
ation in Lithuania among other 
subjects. 

that the so-called irresistible forces 
of history will bring mankind to a 
bright communist future. We were 
ready to help thost; who did not 
understand what was better for 
them," he said. 

Gerasimov remarked that So-
viet foreign policy is no longer the 
instrument through which commu-
nist ideology is spread. 

"We informed that world that 
the 'Brezhnev Doctrine' of mak-
ing people happy, ending them 

tanks, is dead. I mentioned once, 
half-jokingly, that the 'Frank Si-
natra Doctrine ' ha taken its place. 
Frank Sinatra had a popular song: 
' I had it my way.' So, let every 
people have its own way," he said. 

Gerasimov suggested that an 
important result of this change in 
foreign policy and improved rela-
tions with the United States was 
the reduction of nuclear arms. 

"Our policy always was to have 
See GERASIMOV, page 6 

Baltic Supporters March 
To Protest Soviet Actions 
By BEN BOYCHUCK 
Senior Staff Writer 

"Let the love of our homeland burn 
forever in the hearts of our chil-
dren and may enlightenment and 
truth guide your way ... " 

flag, the coalition of Lithuanians, 
Latvians, and Estonian ,as well as 
Africans and Muslims, marched to 
the gym chanting "Free Lithuania!" 
and "Red Army Go Home!" 

The rally was organized by 
graduate students Daina Avizonis 

See PROTEST, page 3 

Old Memories 
For M. V-Ball 
Lose to #4 Long Beach St. 

Sports, page 10 

THURSDAY, APRIL 12,1990 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
Gennady Gerasimov discussed how Mikhail Gorbachev's reforms 
have affected world politics at the Main Gym on Tuesday night. 

"Things are really changing. We 
enter a new and more diverse, more 
exciting world. We were the first 
to cause the change - we call it 
perestroika. We changed our pri-
oritie , and inevitably attitudes 
toward us began to change. And 
here comes a great discovery: a lot 
of nonsense was, and is, being said 
about the Russians, as if they are 
not human, as if they are a special 
and dangerous breed." 

Hundreds of demonstrators, a 
majority of whom were Lithuanian 
refugees, sang these words of the 
Lithuanian national anthem Tues-
day at the climax of a rally and can-
dlelight vigil in support of lithu-
anian independence. The rally 
coincided with the arrival of So-
viet. Foreign Affairs Press Secre-
tary Gennady Gerasimov, who 
spoke that night in the Main Gym. 

v.P. External Position Contested 

According to Gerasimov, the 
Cold War was a result of mis-
guided politics rather than personal 
or interest conflicts between the 
Soviet and American peoples. 

"A in any quarrel, both sides 
are to be blamed. Let me speak 
about my side. We created a lot of 
trouble, and brought in a lot of ill 
feeling by infusing ideology into 
foreign policy. We were convinced 

The crowd of between 200 and 
300 demonstrators gathered at 
twilight in Revelle Plaza. Carrying 
placards demanding Lithuanian 
freedom and waving the red, yel-
low, and green Lithuanian national 

By MARY BETTY HEARD 
Senior Staff Writer 

Lobby Annex Director Stepha-
nie De La Torre announced at last 
night's ASUCSD Council meet-
ing that she had co-authored an of-
ficial complaint letter requesting 
that a temporary restraining order 
be put on Vice President External 
Mishka Migacz's paychecks, of-
fice, and title. 

According to De La Torre, the 
letter was circulated and signed by 

Supporters of lithuania traveled from as far as Malibu to participate in Tuesday night's rally. 

four people because some mem-
bers of the AS. feel that since 
Migacz has not been able to per-
form the duties of her office re-
cently, she should not be paid, nor 
should she be entitled to her office 
or title. 

Migacz explained that she took 
a leave of office because her mother 
died in February. " I was gone for 
four weeks. The death of my 
mother was very important to me," 
she said. 

Migacz argued that she "had 
permission to take that [four week] 
leave of office ... John Ramirez 
was covering for me, and Stepha-
nie De La Torre was upposed to 
chair my meetings. 

"I am willing to not accept pay 
for that period ... and for the rest of 
the quarter," Migacz aid. "I 
wouldn't accept [a paycheck] ." 

De La Torre re ponded that 
"This has been going on ince 
before her mother' death. People 
will contest to that. " 

During the meeting the A.S . 
also pas ed a re olution stating 
that it will purcha e the I k to be 
placed on co-op door ' in an effort 
to end the conflict between co-op 
and the admini tration. 

The re olution al 0 calls for the 
formation of a committee of co-op 
member, AS member. and Uni-
versity enter Board member . 

The c mmittee will have an 
equal number of co-op member 
as AS. and UCB member , and 
will have control over the lock . 

"This is a good way to solve this 
problem ... by putting the control 
into the hands of the most tudent-
representing group," said Morde-
cai Potash, A.S. representative to 
the University Center Board. 

"This is one step closer to what 
the university wanted than the UCB 
proposed lease ... and we feel it is 
a good compromise," he contin-
ued. 

Although the AS. will be pur-
chasing the locks, the co-ops will 
take responsibility for buying the 
keys. "We'll purchase the keys ... 
we may need to change the key 
codes later, so we will take care of 
that," said Bretley Danner, repre-
senting the co-ops. 

One senator expressed a con-
cern about the po ible reo(;cur-
renceofbreak-in ifcampu police 
had control of a key. Danner re-
sponded that "for liability rea on , 
the police need to have a key ... it 
will be waxed and elled, 0 if 
anyone u e it we will be able to 
tell." 

She continued, aying that the 
i ue regarding keys i ettled with 
the co-op. 

Molly McKay, hairofthe Sun 
God Festival. announced at the 
meeting that because of potential 
fire hazard, the firework planned 
for the Sun God Fe tival were 
canceled. 

"I'm orry that we had to pend 
so much energy on the fi reworks ... 
but everything else for the un 

ee COUNCIL, page 3 



n 

u 
I' .-,.,. "\ 

<il'r UCSD NEWS 
~ / 

Man Arrested in Connection with 
Murder of Construction Worker 

A San Diego man wa charged Tuesday with the 
March 17 murder of a night watchman at a construction 
site near UCSD, San Diego Police said. 

The body ofOctavio Souse Prieto, 37, was found at the 
construction site of a new apartment building in the 4500 
block of Executive Drive shortly after midnight on March 
17. Prieto had been beaten to death, police representati ve 
Dave Cohen aid. 

Prieto, a night watchman and laborer, apparently lived 
and worked al the construction site, Cohen said. 

He added that the murder weapon has not been deter-
mined. 

On Tuesday morning, police officers arrested Antonio 
Arroyo Jr., 34, at his residence in the 5500 block of 
Chattanooga Drive. 

Police charged Arroyo with murder and took him to 
County Jail, Cohen said. 

According to police reports, Arroyo, a elf-employed 
carpenter, had apparently worked at the construction site 
where the murder occurred. 

Cohen said that no motive has yet been determined in 
the slaying. 

-Randy Dotinga 

UCSD Celebrations to Mark Earth 
Day 20th Anniversary Next Week 

To coincide with the world-wide observance of Earth 
Day 1990, the Earth Day Planning Coalition at UCSD has 
organizedanumberoffree on-campus events aimed at in-
creasing the environmental awareness of students, fac-
ulty. and community members. 

On Monday, April 16, two animated films , both with 
ecological themes, will be featured . Both Dr. Seuss' "The 
Lorax" and the Academy Award-winning"TheMan Who 
Planted Trees" will be shown at7 p.m. in the Price Cent~r 
Theater. 

On Tuesday, April 17, Peter Meisen of Global Energy 
Network International will di cuss "A Global Energy 

Calvin and Hobbes 
FOIJ~\l ?''' W"t 
W\-l"i Do '(OJ 

MEJ..~;> nE 
B£"~ \~ B£\l 

REMl\~G "u. 
m~\t-IG WI1I\ 

~S. 

't4~ILt 'i()JR I)"D IS r"\(IN<3 
RoS'-L'it-l \lOME, PE.RAAPS 
1()V'P L\I(£ 10 EXPLAI~ w~"r 

AAPI>E~£D ToNIG\1T'. 

1XlN.1 GWE t.\E 1I1"i ! '(O\J 
JVSi ~ Sl-\E,'.'(£I) 11'\$1(7£. 
~ off' 'iQIJR SIU.'i CCF..WM£. 

~() jIJlo'.I'£() 11'\ SE\)! t 'o(~ 
~AAi ~OV DI ()! Wt.ll.. ,\()J'l/f. 
GO\IIK" GH Ii NOW. BIJ<XO! 

GO:>I{ .... ClI<\ , ~I{"rs n> lEU.;> 
1>., ~ :oo. I 1'\), ON lo'.i 
p~j"I>I"s . BR\l","8> ~ TErnI 

~ 'NOli ~\G\\, TO 
~D OO~ING 1-l"PPQ.lEl> . 

\ 

Grid: Making the World Work for 100 Percent of Human-
ity." This presentation will be held in the Cognitive Sci-
ence Building, Room 002, at 7 p.m. 

On "Yednp<day, April 18, two more Earth Day films 
will ~ presented: "Peacock's War," about a Vietnam 
vet's struggle to save the grizzly bear and the wilderness 
it inhabits, and "Blowpipe and Bulldozers," an account 
of a native rainforest people being logged out of existence. 
The free screening begin at 7 p.m. at Third Lecture Hall 
107. 

On Thursday, April 19, Jim Bell of Ecological Life-
Systems Institute win discuss "Ecologically Integrated 
Planning: A Blueprint for Achic::ving Ecological Sus-
tainability in the 21 st Century." This presentation will be 
held in the Cognitive Science Building, Room 001 , at 7 
p.m . 

An Earth Day Fe tival will take place Friday, April 20, 
from I 1 a.m . to 5 p.m. in Revelle Plaza. The festival will 
feature music, speakers, information booths from over 30 
environmental organizations, food, alternative energy 
displays, artwork. and crafts. 

Self-Defense Workshop Set for Wed. 
A Self-defense workshop for women who have sur-

vived molestation or rape will be held Wednesday. April 
J 8 from 6 to 9 p.m. in the Revelle Formal Lounge. The 
service is ponsored by Psychological and Counseling 
Services and Student Safety Awareness. For more infor-
mation contact Miriam Iosupovici, 534-0255. or Nancy 
Wahlig, 534-5793. 

On-Campus Interview Programs 
Offered by Career Services Center 

The Career Services Center has announced two differ-
ent opportunities for spring graduates. Science majors 
have an opportunity to interview on canlpus with leading 
bio-tech companies from April 30 to May 4 when the 
center sponsors the annual Bio-Tech Interviewing Week. 
Students must attend an orientation to on-campus inter-
views no later than Wednesday, April 18. The sign-up 
process requires advanced planning, so students are en-
couraged to start as soon as possible. 

Students interested in sales/marketingjobs will also be 
able to interview on campus for full-time positions during 
Sales!Marketing Interviewing Week, May 7 through 11. 

<l\ 'iE,.,\\? 'fI"", IIR£. 
'(OJ GOIIoI(' 10 \X) TO 
fIlE. , \\VI\? i()J cAtn 

~O ME. Th BED 
~\\~ l"""~'{ 
1/1 BED! ~ TO 
sPoIL '1OJR rut{ , 

'f()IJ EEL.' 

Ill\,_ LIES' All. l\£<>. 
~'itl ~OC lit. 
IX) nI"i J\JST so 
l'I)GUIH~ 

~ w..15 \(\OS! 
1Ol~ C{ MoT 1$ 
TRolE.! 1 "IEHT 

~'bru>.' 

by Bill Watterson 

I'Ml ¥IOO 'ftOI.IO~ 
~T'~l~H 

~t> W-lC£ It€. 
MII.\\E ~ ~Uu.. 

~ESSION?' 

mE'( THIN\( THtfv'( 
WON, {M 111£i 

\\"~E.KT .' 
III SI\O'N ·£M .' 
I REfIlSE \1:) 

l£AA~ /l, 
~: 

n~ II'\{)OIJ. \ T"\3lE ' 
mE.'i o.\'(T 
CllMoIGE. ~E.! 

I 

\r:::r~ 
~ -

The deadline for attending an orientation to on-campus 
interviews is Wednesday, April 25. Interested students 
should check the master calendar of on-campus inter-
views on the second floor of the Career Center for a list of 
participating employers in both of these areas. 

CWD Film Series Put on Hold 
In Deference to Spike Lee Lecture 

The Committee For World Democracy's film series 
will take a one-week break. The committee is instead 
urging students to attend the lecture by Spike Lee, which 
will beheld April 13. Thatevent is being co-sponsored by 
the People , s Voice. African/American Student Union, the 
Associated Students, and University Events. 

( SPOTLIGHT J 
'San Diego's San Diego' Will Be 
Featured in Photography Contest 

Throughout the county, camera buffs and professional 
photographers are capturing the many faces of the city's 
character on film for "San Diego's San Diego," a photo 
competition and exhibition open to the public. San Diego 
is the first U.S. city to undertake this seven-month urban 
animation project. The competition, launched Feb. 28, 
will accept entry submissions until June 2. 

Photographers are encouraged to capture simple 
moments and images throughoutlhe county. "San Diego's 
San Diego" is intended to convey a feeling for everyday 
life, ratherthan postcard-style scenes typically featured in 
city books. 

A panel of 16 jurors will select 250 of the entries to 
comprise a public exhibition at Honon Plaza during its 
fifth anniversary celebration in August and early Septem-
ber. A total of 120 of the photographs will then be pub-
lished in a coffee-table book in early 1991. 

Amateur and professional photographers may submit 
an unlimited number of black-and-white or color photos. 
There is no entry fee and entry forms are available at all 
San Diego County Von's supermarkets and all Horton 
Plaza stores. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason Snell, Assocuue News Editor 

GUASRI)IAN 
PHR. GRUEN, EdItoT In C,.,., 
ROBIN MAC LEAN, IIeIvIgIng EdJIot 
ANTON BfnliIER, ,.,... EdlfCH 
BEN BOYCHUK, .--,.,. OpInIon EdlfDI' 
DAVID BURKHART, OpInIon EdltlN 
DANA CHAIKEN, ..",. EdItor 
.IAIE8 COLLER, "-UN Eta« 
CATHERINE DLLE, ,.,... EdItor 
RANDY DOTINQA, Ctlpy EdIIor 
DOREEN EAENEA, A-w. "..""... Ed/fDI' 
PATRICIA JETTE, HIMue EdIfDr 
GAL JOHN..q()N, A-w. PIIofo Ed/lor 
PETER KO, A ___ ..",. Ed/fDI' 
HELENA LENG LOtt, A.~ HIIJtw Editor 
JEFF QUAM, ~ EdIIor 
JASON SNELL, A--" __ Ed/Jor 

~ UZGIIIB, "'"*' EdItoI' 
.... I11III WrIIn: AnInI AcIIIoIwI. MIry Ilea, HeIftI, CIriIh Huizar. iII*I 
.... Sell SIMIr,,.,,,., Lyn ...... DM:I ~ 
IIIIIfWrlllll:JallnAlunclcn. ... 1III1I. W .... BIII. Eltc 1il0ii0. lis BnMIId. Seal 
ean.. PIInI cit GIiIIndt. IoIIIincIt ...-.. Julie HIiaIIIr. Mom l8wy, OM 
LI1d*om, ......... JaIII 0IInIz ..... P--. Mahw RIIiIInII. TOWI 
Rizluti, AtvIIw 1kIIII*II ..... Roc:I1IoI. Uor AIIzImIIn. ~ sn.. IotthIIII 
ScNn. Doug s.dIII. LillI SjJIwIer. CIWIo seen. Jean 8uMI. KMI T .... , 
NIcaIa WItnId. Jell YIIIIgUdII 
,., alaa .-: IIicIIMI Mill. 0rIg 1IIowI. JtnnI KdIiIr. CorJ lJdIcI*I. F,. 
Lum. _1oIorrII, JIImt IIuIIIDan, JaIIn Clu!Irt DInyI Vit. F* ZIrigI 
...-: .... eavno, IAlCocIpet, tanr Fuer-. CIIIn ..... lllllIIno. KIIr 
Roe. Tyrome T. 
TypIIIa; LMr BIdIncI1. K.t 81d!111.1IeIiIM Fawi. Jm ..... 
eo" IIIIcIn: Hatt eoop., 0Ng ~. Julie Puzon ... SpringIr 
ProdIlCllan. TIICt Br-. o..c. CIU. MeIndl HImIDn. Jell YIIIIIQUdI! 
TIWnIng DIrIcIarw: Sell SIIIIr. OMI WynIr 
c:an.tMIna ..... : IMI~ ...... Vney 
BOa DIANDREA, ....... ....,., 
MICHAEL FOULKS, ~....,..,. 
MItE MARTINEZ, ~ ~ 
E. LEIGH HENRY. a-ltled ,..,...,.,.,. 
___ ~:0MIWyn« 

....... .....,I.MN~ 
CIn:IIIIIIon: JaIIn 0nI0. M Let. F_ Olive, Et/IiI PIIIdIno 

. 

1MUCSDGo.WM.~r.tondIytendThlndlrscUlng"'ICIdom~)'tllb\'ond 
1oI ... lIUdtmsofUCSD. ~oIlhIo""""'''l/\j'lorm.whoN<iI1who1tor 
iI port. .. 1I'oOIlI I*m...., _1InCIy proIlbttel. elm." rIgIlli ,..-.teI 
1M UCSD _. no! rooporoll)lt 101 ... ~n 01_ rnarucr.,cs or art. The 
¥Itw1 tlCP<_1n grapIIIes end I9*lItatrS or eommt ...... do no! -"Y roprt • 
...... ""","",,01 1M U:;SO ~ .... UWtrlily oICaIoiomo or .... AsIoc_ Sal· 
_oIUCSO. 

Editoriat: 534-6580 Business: 534·3466 Fax: 534·7691 
UCSD Guardian, B-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Thursday, April 11, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

'Crime Stoppers' Join Effort to Solve Clairemont Murder 
S' By RANDY DOTINGA 

Senior Staff Writer 

1be Crime Stoppers ami ·crime 
organization filmed a reenactment 
of the Holly Tarr murder in Claire-
mont yesterday, to be televised next 
week. in the hope that witnesses 
will bring forth information to help 
solve the case. The reenactment 
will be broadcast next week. 

Tarr.18,aMichiganhighschool 
student, was found stabbed to death 
in her apartment in the 3400 block 
of Cowley Way on April 3. In 
separate incidents earlier this year, 
two other women, San Diego State 
student Tiffany Schull2 and UCSD 
senior Janene Weinhold, were 
found fatally stabbedintheirapan-
ments about two blocks from the 
residence where Tarr was slain. 

San Diego Police Department 
(SDPD) investigators said there 
are numerous similarities between 
the three slayings, giving rise to 
speculation that they were com-
mitted by a serial killer. 

Police are searching for a sus-
pect seen fleeing from the apart-
ment where Tarr was found. The 
suspect was described as a 5'8" 
young black male wearing a red T-
shirt and black Leyi's jeans. The 
suspect has short hair and is of 
medium build. witnesses said. 

Volunteer actors reenacted the 
crime Wednesday aftemooo. as 
videocameras rolled 

1beactors first reenacted Tarr's 

abou t 10 minutes later, but found 
the door locked. As cameras fi 1 med 
yesterday, retiree Gale Carlisle. 62. 
playing an apartment complex 
maintenance man. arrived on the 
scene and unlocked the door to the 
apanment. 

As Carlisle opened Ihe apart-
ment door, Troy Garrison, 24, 
playing the role of the suspect. 
shoved past him and ran down the 
stairs of the apartment building. 

Garrison then ran several 
hundred yards through the apart-
ment complex. dropping a white 
T -shirt and a bloody butcher kni fe 
along the way. as a dozen reponers 
and photographers looked on. 

Gamson, a San Diego musi-
cian and aspiring actor who has 
acted in several Crime Stopper 
reenactments. saict he vofunteered 
to play the part of the suspect in 
order "to help out as far as crime is 
concerned." 

The actress playing Tarrdid not 
wish to be named, fearing her life 
would be put in jeopardy if identi-
fied. Tarr's friend was played by 
SDPD community service officer 
Paddy Keovoravongsa. 

The reenactment will be shown 
on local television stations as a 
public serv ice announcement start-
ing next Monday . said Judith Ross, 
executive director of San Diego 
Crime Stoppers. 

Crime Stoppers is a nationwide 
non-profit organization that assists 
law enforcement agencies in solv-
ing crimes, Ross said. 

Reenactments of different 
Cli~s are usually .televised once 
every two weeks in San Diego. 

PRO~E~T: Lithu~nians Speak 
Continued from pqe 1 
and Andreus Kulikauslcas. Both 
are JI!eItlbers of the Baltic Ameri -
cao~ bague (BAFL), a 
DIlionai orpniWion ba&c:d in Los 
Angeles. 

According to its'organizers, the 
group sought to express the out-
rageofthousandsofBaltic-Ameri-
cans across the United States to 
Gerasimov and, more importantly, 
to Gerasimov's superior, Soviet 
President Mikhajl Gorbache\!. 

According to Danute Mazeika, 
vice president of BAFL, the dern-
onstrators,comingfrom as faraway 
as Malibu, came to protest for two 
1'fIIIIOIlS: '"To voice publicly the 
plight of our fellow Lithuanians in 
their strullle ... and to correct t~ 
disinfonnation of Mr. Gerasimov 
aod his public relations campaign. " 

Mucika explained that, prior 
to World War D. Lithuania, lIS well 

as the other two Baltic republics of 
. Latvia and Estonia, were independ-
ent nations. 

. According to Mazeika, the 
Soviet Union based its annexation 
of Lithuania on the Hitler-Stalin 
pact of 1939. Under that agree-
ment, the Soviet Union would take 
the Baltic republics and part of 
Poland at the close of World War ' 
II, while Gennany would have the 
rights to the rest of Europe. 

Mazeika pointed out that the 
Soviet Congress of People's Depu-
ties ~Iarcd that agreement null 
and void in December 1989. 

In recent months, Lithuanians 
have attempted to secede from the 
Soviet Union . Gorbachev . rd: 
sponded to the Lilhuanians' de-
mandforindependencewithashow 
of military strength. 

According to Inese Birzniece, 
See LITHUANIA, pap 7 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino . 
coffee, espresso and 

... 
hot chocolate! 

- HOVIS: 11-10:30 SUn.-Thurs. 
11-11 Fri. &. Sot. 

LA JOLlA c~y 7770 Regents Rd .. Ste. 108 
(In Von's ShoppIng Center) 

U" 

------------------~-I I 
: 25°k OFF=i:nyop I 
I ~ witt 01"1 oItler ohI. T~ not InCluded. ElcpQI4/15fq(). I ~----~---------------~ 

Ross said. She added that Crime 
SlOppers is called in after invesli -
galors " have exhausted all their 
effons" in felony cases. 

In addition to reenacting crimes, 
Crime Stoppers offers rewards of 
up to $1 ,000 for anonymous ti ps 
leading to arrests, Ross said. She 
noted that over the last month the 
San Dieao chapter of Crime Stop-
pers has paid Over $4.000 in re-
ward money to callers. 

"We've gotten over 150 calls 
about this case over the last three 
days alone." Ross added. How-
ever. only about 10 percent of calls 
to Ihe Crime Stoppers hotline 
contain enough information to 
warrant contacting investigators, 
she said. 

Ross said the best tips come 
from callers "very close to a sus-
pect. or they ' ve heard someone 
bragging that they commissioned 
a burglary or murder." 

Since its formation in 1984. San 
Diego Crime Stoppers has belped 

solveover 1 ,350 felony cases, Ross 
said . 

Some of the more notable cases 
solved with the help of tips given 
to Crime Stoppers include the 1984 
murder in Balboa Park of Shake-
spearean actor David Huffman and 
the 1988 murder of San Diego State 
student Cara Knott by a California 
Hiahway Patrol officer. Ross said. 

SDPD representative Dave Co-
hen hopes the televising of the 
reenactment will bring fonh wit-
nesses who lmow the suspect and 
have seen him "acting strangely" 
since April 3. 

"Maybe they 've noticed some 
personality changes in someone 
they know. and they haven ' t 
thought about it. That kind of tip 
can really help us in a case like 
this." Cohen said. 

Cohen added that the filming of 
the reenactment "shows the very 
high priority this case has right 
now. We ' re acutely aware of the 
concem in the community. Our 

COUNCIL: A.S. Ends Sun 
God Festival Pyrotechnics 
Continued from page 1 
God .Festival is going fine ." 
McKay said. 

The A.S. passed two bills re-
questing underwrites of $2,085 
for Sun God Festival T-shins 
and of up to $250 for Sun God 
Festival Buttons from Geneal 
Unallocated. 

According to McKay , the but-
tons "are for adveltising pur-
poses ... we wi:! have the logo 

'Express Yourself - Sun God 
Festival. May 18, 1990' on the 
buttons. They will be sold for $1 
three weeks before the festival. . . 
instead of flyers. they will be 
walking advenisements." 

The T -shins will be sOld for 
$8 per shirt. McKay said that 
only large and extra-large sizes 
will be ordered becauge there was 
a surplus of medium and small 
sizes last year. . 

San Diego's 
Most Unique 
Liquor Store 

priority is to catch this guy." 
" We're in the mode of sifting 

through mountains of small in-
formation bits," said Sergeant Ed 
Petrick. a detective with the 
SDPD Homicide Department. 

However. Petrick said there 
have been no recent develop-
ments in the murder investiga-
tion. 

Crime Stoppers has offered a 
reward of up to $1 ,000 for infor· 
mation that leads to an arrest in 
the case. In addition. two $5.000 
rewards have been offered by the 
SDPD and the company that man-
ages Ihe Buena Vista Apartment 
complex, where Tarr was killed. 
for information leading to the ar-
rest and conviction ofTarr's kil-
ler. Anchor Liquor. a Clairemont 
liquor store. has also offered a 
$500 reward. 

Anyone with information 
about the Clairemont murders is 
urged to call Crime Stoppers al 
235-TIPS. 

Spirits of St. Germain 
3251 Holiday Court, Suite 101 • La Jolla • 455-1414 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 12,1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN. Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEA ,Managing Editor 
CATHER! E DILLE. ews Editor 
ANTON BITTNER. New Editor 
DA VID BURKHART. Opinion Editor 

TIt.t UCSD GuardIan is published t"'let ""ttkly lllhe UnlYC1'SIt),ofCa.hfomll. Sin OIC&O. ContcnlsOI990, 
VitwS ex.p~ssed herein represent lhe majorit)' vOle ortlle editorial board, and are no1 ntC'esSllnly those ofd\( 
UC Board of Rcccnls. the ASUCSD. nor the emire GlMJrdia,. st4ff, 

A.S. Elections 

Forgotten Promises 
The Associated Students government has been heavily criti-

cized throughout its history for its ineffectiveness and what can 
be can called "sandbox politics" - allowing personal conflicts 
to interfere with the operation of an effective student govern-
ment. This is a blanket criticism, but it is true that most campaign 
promises go unfulfilled. As the students are given an opportunity 
to choose a new A.S., it is beneficial to look back on the 
performance of the previou one. 

It has been a year with few accomplishments, far from the 
promises of candidates. A few issues: 
Sandbox Politics 

A.S. Presi dent Jo hn 
Ramirez said as a candidate 
that " We need to integrate and 
unify the student body .... " 
A.S. VP Administrative Alex 
Wong said in his candidate 
statement that he wanted " to 
reduce or eliminate the politi-
cal infighting that tradition-
ally occurs within counc il." 
Other candidate tatements 
made similar points, yet this 
year 's A.S . was primarily 
notable for its conflic t. 

In fairness to Ramirez and 
Wong, it is true that conflict is 
inevitable. It's just unfortu-
nate that it sunk to new lows this year. 
Parking 

Most candidates said last year that they wanted to improve the 
parking situation and eliminate nighttime parking fees. It goes 
without saying that little has improved, and though Ramirez and 
Wong succeeded in keeping nighttime parking fees down for this 
year, it's virtually inevitable that they will skyrocket next year. 
Parking is the issue most candidates are overly optimistic about; 
it may be an intractable problem. 
Safety 

John Ramirez promised to see to it that signs were put on call 
boxes telling students they could cal l CSOs from them, and this 
was done. As we wrote last issue, this may have been one of this 
year's greatest (and only) accomplishments. Increased campus 
lighting is still a critical issue. An article in the Triton Times (the 
Guardian' S predecessor) over a decade ago discussed UCSD's 
poor lighting, so don't expect a quick solution to this problem. 
The "W" Grade 

The early deadline for dropping classes without a " W" was a 
minor issue in last year's campaign, and it was one of the BEST 
slates promises. That, and the issue of the early deadline for 
changing grading options, are unchanged . Don 't expect much 
next year, either. 
The Future 

Next year's A.S . may be a good one, but the temptation to let 
things slide and not tackle the tough issues is a strong one. There 
are two things students can do to see that A.S. members don ' t 
succumb to this temptation . First, students must vote now. An 
apathetic student body doesn 't have a right to a good student 
government , and representatives will have more power if they 
have a strong mandate. Second, 'interest must continue through 
next year. A .S . members must be held to their promises, and must 
receive constant feedback. 

Realistically, none of this is likely. The past few years have 
seen low voter turnouts, apathetic student bodies, and childish 
A .S . council s. But things can be different, if students are willing 
to care. 

Conduct of Police Was Proper and Legal 
Editor: 

A letter wa printed in the April 
5 Guardian from a concerned stu-
dent regarding an incident shelhe 
witnes ed at the Price Center in-
volving three UCSD Police Offi-
cers and two citizens. I hope the 
following infonnation will help 
explain the officers ' actions. 

On March 9, 1990, at approxi-
mately five o ' clock in the eve-

ning, three UCSD police officers 
were dispatched to the Price Cen-
ter to investigate a "man with a 
knife" call. The officers were told 
a citizen saw a man " running 
around kissing trees" and "fon-
dling a fairly large knife" in the 
plaza area of the Price Center. 

When the officers arrived at 
the Price Center, they found the 
man sitting alone at a picnic table 

Fraternities Promote Sexism 
Editor: 

As I rushed to class, I quickly 
glanced at a Spring rush event 
calendar for the Sigma Pi frater-
nity and was appalled at what I 
saw. Beneath the calendar. a bright 
pink flyer advertised a rush event 
called "Bachelor Party." A photo 
of a woman with a skimpy bath-
ing suit on dominated the flyer. 
The implications of the photo and 
the words "dancers," "15 live 
stages," and "table dancing" were 
cleart me. 

I felt sick to my stomach and 
tore the flyer down. The ugly 
memory of what happened last 
year during rush with the fnlter-
nityofthe SigmaAlpha Mu inevi-
tably came to mind. The follow-
ing day, I was infonned that Sigma 
Nu fraternity was holding a simi-
lar rush event with the same title 
and theme. 

I am not writing this letter to 
condemn or reason with the 
members of Sigma Pi and Sigma 
Nu, but simply to nlise a voice to 
the ears of the unaware, of the 
unconscious. Currently the Greek 
system as a whole carries the 
un fortunate stereotype of possess-
ing sexist attitudes. 

These types of attitudes are not 
inherent, but reproduced and per-
petuated. I, too, am part of the 
Greeksystemandtheexistenceof 
the " Bachelor Party" event on this 
campus enrages me because it can 
only serve to maintain the idea of 
women as objects. The evolution 
of such events may be related to 
the no-alcohol policy for rush. 
Since huge bashes cannot be 
thrown to impress the rushees, 

some kind of invocation and sen-
sationalism must be created. In 
the goal of allracting the most 
rushees , it is both pathetic and 
inappropriate to promote such an 
event. 

It is appalling to think that the 
event was collectively approved 
by each member of Sigma Pi and 
Sigma Nu to represent the true 
essence, strength, and character 
of their fraternities. 

There is competition to stay 
alive out there among 13 fraterni-
ties, but it is difficult for me, and 
hopefully many others, to accept 
this as any kind of justification. 
An event like "Bachelor Party" is 
not uncommon, from what I have 
heard, but it is something that can 
only lead to more dishannony 
among the Greek system since 
sexist attitudes are becoming more 
and more intolerable. 

Some people believe that an 
event like this is really nobig deal , 
nothing to get worked up about, 
let alone write a letter to the Guard-
ian, but this is exactly where my 
point lies. 

If we, as socially aware and 
intelligent beings, continue to al-
low this kind of behavior, we are 
essentially giving our nod of ap-
proval. 

If we do not speak out in some 
fonn, sexist attitudes will esca-
late. If we are complacent, overt 
sexism will become a normality in 
society, which will make it very 
difficult to fight against. And once 
we accept sexism, we accept the 
degradation, devaluation, and 
discrimination of all women. 

Dina Okamoto 

talking to himself. The first two 
officers on the scene recognized 
the man to be the same individual 
they had arrested two weeks ear-
lier for public drunkenness . 

The officers contacted the man 
and conducted a lawful search for 
a knife. No knives were found on 
his person. The officers then asked 
permission to search his backpack 
for the knife. He gave them per-
mission to search his property. 
Once again, no knives were found. 

While the officers were inves-
tigating this incident, a person 
passing by said, "Poor fellow!" 
This comment drew the officers ' 
attention momentarily, long 
enough to recognize the person 
making the comment. This person 
was known to have an ou tstanding 
misdemeanor no bail warrant is-
sued for his arrest . He was subse-
quently arrested per the warrant's 
instructions and transported to jail. 
There were no violations of law 
and/or University policy by any 
UCSD officers during either con-
tact. 

Sergeant Jeff Hutchison 

' Personhunt? 
Editor: 

After a year or two of 
reading about the agonies 
of your staff in its qu", for 

gon..~llanguago. I was 
• both amused and disap-

pointed at the front~page 
$plattering of the word 
"manbunt."especiaUyinthe 
headline ("Manhunt for 
Clainnont Killer Contin-
ues," April 9). The crime 
and its hideousness notwitb-
standing. I think perllaps 
your policy IhouId be a bit 

1··· f1l()ft consistent. tnutdeten 
andfirst-yearSUldentsalike. 

GregLlaeer 
Editor' SMlt!: TlteGuardian 
has revised its style puliey, 
and no longer changes 
words whiclt inc.lJ'dt 
umtm, "uC4ptwhtnacOm-
monly-(lCc'J7!«lflltertlllliYe 
is available: 

ThUrsday, April 12, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Advertisement Was Homophobic 
Editor: 

The back page of the April 5 Guardian 
carried a full-page advertisement for the 
"Phone Matches" in the Reader. 

Now the Reader is notorious for its 
right-wing activism: it has consistently 
accepted gruesome advertisements from 
anti-choice groups, while refusing to run 
pro-choice material; its edi tor was jai led for 
blockading an abortion clinic. But the 
Guardian ad does more than just silently 
collude with these misogynist positions, 
because it explicitly promotes the most 
pernicious kind of homophobia. 

I am referring, of course, to the boxes 
that readers are invited to check: "Check 
here if you are a man seeking a woman," 
"Check here if you are a woman seeking a 
man." Apparalltly, no other options exist. [ 
suspect that this advertisement violates 

UCSD's non-discrimination policy, which 
explicitly prohibits discrimination based 
on sexual orientation, and that the Guard-
ian could be sued for running the ad. 

However, even were this not the case, 
the Guardian's promotion of such blatant 
homophobia - the Guardian's erasure of 
the identities of all the lesbian and gay 
students on this campus- is unacceptable. 

Presumably the Guardian would not be 
inclined to run an openly racist advertis-
ment.l demand an immediate apology from 
the Guardian for running the Reader ad, 
and a commitment to non-heterosexism (as 
well as non-racism and non-sexism) in the 
newspaper. 

Such a commitment muSI include a re-
fusal to run offensively discriminalory 
advertisements in the future. 

Ian Barnard 

Murder Article Unfair to Victim 
Editor: 

I am writing in response to the latest 
article regarding the Clairemont mur-
ders (April 5). This is the third article in 
the Guardian that I have read on the 
subject, and after reading each article I 
have felt that the author had demon-
strated little sensitivity regarding the 
death of the SDSU student. 

I see no need for the author to men-
tion the fact thlll this girl worked in a 
nude bar; every reference to the girl has 
been closely followed by a reminderthat 
she was a nude dancer. In this panicuJar 
article, the author proceeds to describe 
that the student was "clad only in her 
underwear." 

Why doesn't the article mention 
where the other two girls worked, or 
what they were wearing? The pl8JlIlCr in 
which the Guardian writer recounted 
this story implies that the SDSU student 

Commentary 

was less of a victim than the Olher two 
girls. Constant references to ber job and 
a description of ller wearln, only her 
underwearcharacterizc the girl as some-
one who may have been more "deserv-
ing" of her fate. 

This is absoluaely not true. The SDSU 
student was just as innocent IS the other 
two girls, and is just as much a victim as 
the others. 

I see no reason to make references to 
the SDSU studeot's lifestyle. In doing 
so, Ihe author hasdemonstrated insensi-
tivity and disrespect for the tragedy that 
has befallen each of these innocent 
people. 

Khaberly BWings 
Editor's note: The clothi", worn by 
Janene Weinlwld and Holly fa" when 
they were killed wa.s not repOl'ledin that 
article because thatinjormmiOn was not 
provided by the IlUlhorities. 

Problems With Pro-Choice 
By TRACI POWELL, Contributing Writer 

On March 2, at UCSD' first pro-
choice forum, the opening statement 
was an explanation of the fact that stu-
dents for pro-choice don't necessarily 
condone abortion, but they support a 
women's right to choose. So what do 
they mean by that? Are they saying that 
'abortion mayor may not be murder, but 
a woman has the rightto choose, whether 
it is or not? 

11 sounds like the philosophy of the 
organization expresses the uncertainty 
of some of its supporters about abor-
tion. Maybe some think it's murder. If 
this is true, then aren't they saying that 
a woman has the right to choose to 
murder her child? 

There are many arguments as to why 
abortion should be the choice of the 
woman, the primary one being because 
it's her body. None of these arguments, 
however, can dismiss the fact that I) the 
child can have a separate heartbeat, 
blood type, sex, genetic make-up, etc., 
from the mother (so how could it be just 
another part of her body?) and 2) scien-
tists haven ' t quite figured out where to 
draw the line when a fetus becomes a 
life insteadofa bundle of cell ,ifit's not 
at the moment of conception. 

State Senator Lucy Killea, who is 
very outspoken about her pro-choice 
views, said at the forum that she was 

anti-abortion. In fact, she made the state-
me nt, "No one likes abortion." Now 
think about this. Why would no one like 
abortion? Could it be because it is actu-
ally murder? If there wasn ' t something 
wrong about abonion, then why would 
people (who are fighting desperatel y to 
have abortion leaal) not like it? Senator 
Killea makes it sound like ii's our duty 
to have an abortion (even though it's 
wrong). 

Suppose pro-choice is right. Well 
then, shouldn't anyone who takes a life 
have the choice to do so? After all, 
murder is murder whether it's inside the 
body or out. When it comes to abortion 
it's so easy to ignore the other life in-
volved (baby) because he/she can't 
defend him/herself. There should be 
justice for the unborn child like olher 
victims have. Knowing thaI any kind of 
murder is wrong, I could not possibly 
support a person's right to do so. 

If people would realize that the fetus 
is a life and would respect life in this in-
stance, maybe they would learn to have 
more respect for life in other life-threat-
ening instances. 

So for those people who fall into the 
category of thinking abortion is a 
woman's right because it's her body, 
but don't support abortion: To kill or 
not to kill, that is the question. 

A Long View: Freedom's Gains 
NEW YORK - Item: The Bush administration breaks with its allies on the right, 

opposing attempts by the Congress to restrict federal funding of the arts. 
Item: President Bush goes to a conference on AIDS and rejects the idea of condemning 

the behavior of peopl e who get the disease. We don ' tturn away from accident v ictims who 
don 'I wear seat belts or heart attack victims who eat the wrong food, he argues. so why tum 
our hearts away from those whocontnlct AIDS through IV drug use orpromiscuous, unsafe 
sex? 

Item: The Republican Party leadership tries to set a tone in this election yearby downplay-
ing any party position on abortion; the party, they say, is a "big tent," large enough to 
accommodate candidates with widely divergent views on the issue. 

What's going on here? More evidence, in 
my view, that America continues to be a 
nation where freedom and tolerance are 
usually in the ascendancy. 

To hear some of the rhetoric in the air 

Jeff Greenfield 
Universal Press Syndicate 

today, you might not think so. Duringthe controversy over federal funding of the arts, there 
was much talk about "the new McCarthyism," a threat to civil liberties. 

There is good reason for opposing political or cultural litmus tests forthe funding of arts. 
In another sense, however, it is a measure of how far we have come since those unlamented 
days that an argument over funding an allegedly offensive work could be equated with a 
time when politically controversial figures were effectively prevented from working in 
their own country. 

Similarly, gay rights groups point to violence against gays or to the funding of AIDS 
research as a sign of a "homophobic" climate in the country. 

In fact, more public money is being spent on AIDS right now than on diseases that claim 
30 to 50 times as many lives, and a conservative president of the United States is publicly 
condemning discrimination against people with AIDS. Howevercontcmptible gay bashing 
is, can there be any doubt that mainstream American culture has moved toward a sense of 
acceptance that would have been unthinkable a generation ago? 
In fact, if you really want a striking snapshot of how much the United States has changed, 

look at what kind of country America was when John Kennedy became president of the 
United States: 

- Abortion was illegal everyWhere, under virtually every circumstance. 
- Blacks were disenfranchised in every Southern state: they could not vote in the land 

of their birth. 
- Censorship was a fact of life; slate boards licensed motion pictures in the vast majority 

of states, customs officials could block foreign films from entering the country, and writers 
like Henry Miller could not be read legally anywhere in the country. 

-Crimmal suspects were not constitutionally required to be infonned of their rights, and 
did not even have a right to a lawyer if they were too poor to hire one. 

- The very idea of civil rights for women was something of a joke (it was treated that 
way on the floor of the Congress during a civil rights debate in 1964); from politics to the 
professions, the presence of a successful woman was something of an anomaly. 

- Bible reading and school prayer were commonplace; those who objected to the 
presence of religion in public schools were not compelled to participate in the ceremonies, 
but were clearly subject to social pressure as "outsider~ ." 

The changes in the social climate may be praised or condemned. They can be eenas signs 
of expanding freedom or as the loss of traditional values. What cannot be doubted, 
however, is that in the long run, America has become a far freer nation in the last three 
decades. 

n.. UCSD G""...ti,," welcomes your tetters and commentaries. Drop your letter at the 
G ... rlli" .. offices (on the second floor of the Student Center, where the A.S. offices used 
to be) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor, Tbe G ... rtli"n, B-016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 
Letters should be typed, double-spaced, and should include a signature and phone number. 
We reserve the right to edit tetters for length and darity. Deadline for letters for Monday's 
issue is noon on Friday. Deadline for Thursday's issue is noon Monday. 



6 NEW 

PROFESSORS, END 
THE PAPER CHASE 

USE KlNKO-S PROFESSOR PUBLISHING SERVICE 
Give your students on alternative to the Library Reserve Room. We'lI 
turn your loose course materiats into bound closs readers. 

NO CHARGE TO YOU OR YOUR DEPARTMENT 
LOWEST POSSIBLE COST TO YOUR STUDENTS 
OUR REP WILL HElP ORGANIZE YOUR MATERiAlS 
FREE PICK UP AND DELIVERY 
FREE COPYRIGHT ASSISTANCE 
OPEN 24 HOURS 7 DAYS A WEEK 

LET US 00 THE CHASING WHILE YOU 00 THE TEACHING 

kinko·s' 
the copy center 

La Jolla Village Center 
457·3775 • OPEN 24 HOURS 

The Art and cience of Pure Flower and Plant 
Es ence to Care for Your Hair. Skin and Body 

Deslper Cuts - Student SpecIal 
Men's Cuts $12.00 
Women's Cut $16.00 
Blow drying not Included 

110% OFF ANY PERM;COLOR, I 
or NAIL SERVICE 

l,r"!!!!,!:D.:.!....eQUJ!!!1.!!!!.e'..!!!!! v81id ~ ~~d'~~ 

En\'mmOlcnwll) 
R,: ,p(ln"bl~ . 

No Anllnal·T<?'lIng . 
PI~a:,c Recycle 

AVEDA.· 
Design ... Cuts - La Jolla Village Square 

Open 7 days a week, evenings too • 455-1700 

AnENr.oN 
••••••••••••••••• 

MUIR 
GRADUATING SENIORS 
Sprln. Qurler, 1990 
an" Su __ er Quarter, 1990 
Students planning to graduate Spring, 1990 should come 
to the Mui r Academic Advising Office, H&SS 2126 
NOW and complete the required paperwork. 

DlADUNI to flU .OR SPRINO 
GIlADUAnOil IS APRIL 1 3, 1990 

Applicants for Summer Session, 1990, graduation who 
wish to have their name appear in the commencement 

program must complete the required paperwork by April 
21 and paperwork for graduation by June 1, 1990. 

DONIT DELAY! 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 11, 1990 

SOVIET: Reforms in USSR Discussed 
Continued fOl'm page 1 
nuclear disarmament." Gerasimov 
said. "One of the first steps of 
Gorbachev when he came to power 
was to announce his plan to have 
the world nuclear free by the year 
2000. Nobody believed him at that 
time, but now we have certain 
movement. We have eliminated 
already certain types of nuclear 
weapons. we are discussing radi -
cal reductions of other types of 
nuclear weapon • and so things are 
moving." 

Gerasimov spoke about changes 
in domestic policy during his 
speech as well. 

"The previous organization of 
our society. which we used to call 
developed socialism. now has a 
new and derogative name: ' admin-
istrative command system. ' This 
system had its day, but it's not fit 
for modem society. It ' s not crea-
tive enough. not flexible enough. 
It's too bureaucratic. too corrupt. 
So it must be exchanged for a new 
approach .. . . President Gorbachev 
talks about giving socialist ideas a 
second chance. or. as he puts it. 
talks about giv ing socialism a sec-
ond breath," he said. 

Gerasimov stressed the impor-
tance of maintaining popular sup-
port for Gorbachev. He compared 
the domestic unrest and empty 
shelves that have resulted from the 
failures of Gorbachev 's economic 
reforms with both the unrest in 
Germany that lead to Hitler's rise 
to power and the turmoil in the 
Soviet Union before Stalin seized 
power. He warned that if the leftist 
coalition in the Soviet Union di-
vides, a more conservative, right-
wing dictatorship may arise. 

The question-and-answer ses-
sion that followed Gerasimov's 
speech centered on the Soviet 
Union's recent refusal to let Lithu-
ania secede. One man of Lithu-
anian descent asked why Gor-
bachev declared secession to be 
i\legal while the Soviet 
Constitution gives republics the 
right to become independent. 

"There is an article in the 
Constitution which gives the re-
publics the right to secede. No-
body took this article seriously," 
Gerasimov responded. 

"The problem is that you can-
not just stand upand hutthedoor ... 
[Gorbachev] is not against you 

Lights & Sirens 
Selected entries from the activity log of the 
UCSD Police from April 5-11: 
Thursday, AprilS 
1 :20 p.m.: A student was cited for misuse of a disabled person's 
placard in ~e Muir parking lot area. 

Friday, April 6 
11 :45 a.m.: An offlcer reported a coin shaving in the parking lot 
north of the old bookstore. 

Saturday, April 7 
1 :08 a.m. : A minor was arrested for possession of alcohol at the 
Price Center. He was cited and later released. 
3:30 p.m.: An officer reportedthat several flJ'e extinguishers had 
been discharged by someone at die Price Center ballroom. 
4:00 p.m.: A UCSD staff member reported that a male exposed 
himself ata bus bench at the intenection of La Jolla Village Drive 
and Lebon Dr. 

Sunday, April 8 
1 :45 p.m.: A professor reported the loss of computer equipment 
estimated to be worth $3,000. 

Monday, April 9 
4:30 a.m.: A Volkswagen Fox was impounded after being aban-
doned by its driver, who was involved in a police pursuit. 
11 :30 p.m. 1:35 a.moo: Annoying phone calls were reported by 
Fifth and Muir College residents. 

Tuesday, April 10 
9:] 5 a.m.: A staff member reported the theft of computers and 
equipment from the Nonh Torrey Pines Center. Loss: $4,500. 

Wednesday, Aprilll 
4:25 p.m.: A staff member reported a bomb threat to the Basic 
Science Building. The building was cleared and a search revealed 
no bomb. 

it's Time for the Bes[n< 

FREE 
DRINK RIFILLS 

going away. This has been tres ed 
many times. If you want to go. you 
can go. He 's not saying. 'Stop.' 
He ' s saying, 'Let's sellie things,''' 
he said. 

Many audience members ex-
pressed dissatisfaction with 
Gerasimov'sanswers. While Gera-
simov maintained that Lithuania 
would be "better off' ifit stayed in 
the Soviet Union, Lithuanian-
American member of the audi-
ence argued that Lithuania never 
wished to be a Soviet republic in 
the first place. Gerasimov ad-
dressed these differences of opin-
ion. 

"In any country. if a oldier 
leaves [his unit] without permis-
sion ... he is brought back. What 
your position is, is that he has not 
left the unit, but simply he didn't 
belong to the unit. It is different 
opinions, different approaches," he 
re ponded. 

Andrius Kulikauskas, a gradu-
ate student at UCSD of Lithuanian 
descent, represented a group that 
had come to show support for 
Lithuania independence. One rea-
son thal the group attended, 
Kulikauskas said, was because 
" Gennady Gerasimov has been 
distorting the situation. Basically. 
he refused to answer any question 
directly, and if you look at many of 
the comments hesaid , they arejusl 
distortive .... We wanted to try and 
pin him down, which is very hard. 
He's very slick, and we admit it." 

While some member of the 
audience were upset by the jeers 
and outcries that came from the 
supporters of Lithuania, 
Kulikauskas explained that many 
of the supporters were elder Lithu-
anians who had brothers and sis-
ters killed in Lithuania. and some 
had come a hundred miles to hear 
Gerasimov speak. 

"They all spoke out from their 
hearts," Kulikauskas said. " I sym-
pathize with people who didn't 
expect us to monopolize. but I just 
hope that they respect what we are 
trying to say." 

••••••••••••• 

Shutterbugs: 
There will be a 
Guardian photogra-
phers meeting on 
Monday at 6:00 p.m, 
at the Bull's Eye 
Tavern. 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • 

Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

I~T~H~E~;;;;~!!!!!!!!!!!"~~~Th~e~p~r~in~c~eton Review Is the most PiHNCETQ~: effective GMAT prep course offered 
REVIEW _ today. Call now for the facts. 

695 - 9952 &.II ...... yll .... c..ter J""i1fY/Q' JtM:.C~1J 
~ 1I111_lry_ "~uc.lT~""" .,...cal6l1Ml4 _I_ n.p,. .. _ Mol .... 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 Thursday, Aprilll, 1990 
~----------~------~~-----------------------------------------

PROTEST: Native Lithuanians March 
Continued from page 1 
a Los Angeles attorney and presi-
dent of the Latvian Association of 
Southern California. Lithuania has 
a legitimate legal basis for rees-
tablishing itself as an independent 
republic. 

"[The Soviets'] biggest contra-
diction is the ·ruleoflaw· .... There 
is no legal basis to require a refer-
endum to secede," Birzniece said. 

"Lithuania did everything ac-
cording to the Soviet constitution 
when they issued their declaration 
ofindependence inMarch,"Birzn-
iece added. 

"The legal means have always 
been there," she said. "The Soviets 
just never expected anyone to use 
them. Now. because they're too 
successful. Gorbachev is chang-
ing the rules," she said. 

According to Birzniece, the 
Lithuanian people maintain that 
their country is an occupied terri-
tory, and ay they do not have a 
"marriage" with the Soviet Union, 
as described by Gorbachev. 

"Everyone knows what a shot-
gun marriage is," said Mazeika. 

"How can you kidnap and rape 
someone, and still call it a 'mar-
riage'?" asked a Latvian man who 
identified himself as Laimons G. 

"How can [the Soviet govern-
ment] claim Lithuania is seceding 
when they never joined?"Laimons 
asked. 

"It 's like U nele Harry who came 
to dinner and stayed for 50 years," 

Mazeika said. 
Many at the rally expressed 

dismay and anger toward the Bush 
administration for its hesitancy to 
support Lithuanian independence. 

"We are terribly upset at Presi-
dent Bush, whom many of us voted 
for," said Dalia Sodeika, a Lithu-
anian refugee who fled that coun-
try in 1944 and came to the United 
States in 1949. 

"The U.S. bases its policy on an 
obsolete notion of putting its rela-
tionship with the USSR [above] 
the self-determination interests of 
Lithuania," BAFL spokesman 
Mazeika said. 

Birzniece added that the U.S. 
can offer support to both Lithuania 
and the Soviet Union. 

"It's a win-win situation [for 
the United States]," Birzniecesaid. 

"We are also concerned as 
mothers, mothers of young Lithu-
anian boys who are taken against 
their will into the army," Sodeika 
said. 

Scdeika, who recently returned 
from a three-month stay in her 
homeland. argues that the forced 
conscription of Lithuanian men 
into the Soviet army is a violation 
of the Geneva Convention Accords 
because Lithuania is an occupied 
territory. 

"They are brutalized ... terror-
ized night and day," Sodeika said. 

Gytis Kriksciunas, aLithuanian 
who also fled in 1944. expressed 
his whole-hearted support of inde-

pendence for his homeland amid 
chants of "No Freedom , No 
TradeL" 

"I want a free Lithuania, but I 
know it won't be easy," 
Kriksciunas said. 

In summing up the events sur-
rounding his flight from Lithuania 
in the closing days of World War 
II, Kriksciunas said, "We were the 
victims. " 

John Venckus, also a Lithuanian 
refugee, expressed concern for his 
daughter Dalia, an exchange stu-
dent from UC Berkeley who is 
studying at Lithuania's University 
of Vilnius. Venckus said there are 
approximately 20 University of 
California exchange students cur-
rently studying in Vilnius. 

"We've heard from her. but it 
takes about three to five weeks for 
mail to get through," Venckus said, 
adding that all mail from Lithuania 
is intercepted and censored. 

"Glasnost is just a window 
dressing. It loses its meaning when 
tanks start rolling in," Venckus 
said. 

Despite a noticeable lack of 
student participation, rally organ-
izers hailed the event as a success. 

"We came to get our message 
across," said Rachel Samolis, di-
rectorofpublicrelations for BAFL. 

"We have only just begun to 
fight." Samolis said, "and if our 
relatives in Lithuania can't fight 
for themselves, then we will fight 
for them." 

J~~~]~ 
~~~[jj(il!j]fr.iI 

SIGN UPS IN RESIDENT DEAN'S OFFICE 

YOU CA N MAKE A D~FFERENCE!!! 
VOTE 

IN TH E 

LA ST 
IS 

APRIL 
10:00 
P RIC E 

& 

VOTE VOTE 
AaS~ ELECTIONS 

DAY TO VOTE 
TODAY!!! 

12TH THURSDAY 
AM TO 2:00 PM 
CENTER PLAZA 
GYM STEPS 

, 

MUST HAVE UCSD STUDENT ID CARD TO VOTEI 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 12, 1990 

Features 

r , 

Mary McCarthy visits the home of A.1.D.s. victim Ernesto Garcia, as his mother A rim ida Arizmendez looks on. 

, 
'WE ALL HAVE HOPE ••• 

For Mary McCarthy, A.I.D.S. is a problem that crosses 
borders and crosses her life. 

"It's fairly incredible that this invisible line separates one 
country from another. One of the richest cities is next to the 
poorest," she said. "It's just a little too much of a dichotomy 
for my Boston-Irish-Catholic background to tolerate." 
• Story and Photographs by James 
Collier, Features Editor 

Mary McCarthy calls Tuesdays "a less chaotic" day. As a clinical nurse at UCSD's Owens Clinic, 
she usually makes the rounds 

with her A.I.D.S. patients on Tuesdays, 
and if she's lucky she leaves from the 
Hillcrest facility at about 5 p.m. She'll 
race home through rush-hour traffic to 
her Chula Vista home, maybe take a 
shower or brush her teeth, maybe even 
get into a change of clothing, and then go 
to Tijuana, where she helps run a 
volunteer A.I.D.S. clinic. 

After a story ran in the San Diego 
Ullion last year, the A.tD.S. Foundation 
for the Californias clinic in Tijuana 
(which McCarthy helped found), has 
received a good deal of allention from 
the press. Reporters from California 
Magazine, Channel 39, and the Reader 

have all spent evenings at the clinic. 
"I wish these reporters would leave us 

alone," exclaimed a clinic volunteer. 
Upon seeing a reporter, though, she 
quickly remarked, "Well, except you." 

With all the media attention, McCarthy 
has become a reluctant spokesman for the 
clinic. The attention, which often focuses 
on McCarthy personally, makes her feel 
"uncomfortable." 

"I have never been down there operat-
ing on my own," McCarthy said. "I 
haven't been running this ' Mary 
McCarthy 's A.I.D.S. clinic.' It's a 
cooperative effort between volunteers 
from the American side - medical 
practitioners, para-professionals, etc.-
and similar peers from the Mexican side." 

Before the clinic open~, McCarthy said, 
many individuals were working on their 
own to help Mexican A.I.D.S. victims. "I 
just brought people together," she said. 

See HOPE, page 9 
Mary McCarthy: "Down there it's sort of like 
working in a rural area or back in olden times. n 

Thursday, April 12, 1989 

WE ALL 
HAVE HOPE ••• 

Continued from page 8 

After a fund-raiser last year which raised $4,000, McCarthy and other individuals from Mexico and the U.S. formed the A.I .D.S. Founda-
tion for the California. The foundation's 
clinic, which runs out of a Tijuana health 
center called the Centre de Salud, has 
been in operation since last October. 

"They have a similar [A.I.D.S.] 
problem as we do, and we have some 
expertise that we want to share," Mc-
Carthy said. " People down there who do 
the same work as we do are eager to have 
our help and experience." 

One of the individuals who helped 
open the clinic is Fred Scholl, a reporter 
for the Update, a San Diego gay newspa-
per, who was delivering food and clothing 
to A.I.D.S. victims. 

"He was going down there long before 
I was," McCarthy said. 

Another clinic founder is Emilio 
Velasquez, a staunch support~r of 
A.I.D.S. care and education in Mexico, 
who helped organize counseling sessions. 

"Emilio knows many people," Mc-
Carthy said. "He helped start a program 
where nurses taught family members how 
to help patients at home. 

"He also met and became friend with 
Barbara Peabody [founder of the group 
Mothers of A.I.D.S. Patients] and asked 
her to help organize support groups." 

When McCarthy heard Peabody was 
speaking in Tijuana, "I asked to be with 
her" and give medical advice about 
A.I.D.S. From there, McCarthy'S interest 
in helping Mexican A.I.D.S. patients 
grew. 

"These people [Scholl and Velasquez] 
either found out I was working down 
there, or I found they had services that 
were needed, and I tapped them on the 
shoulder or they tapped me," McCarthy 
said. 

Scholl currently "sets up the clinic," 
while Velasquez leads educational 
seminars, McCarthy said. 

Mexican politics has given McCarthy 
some difficulty in doing her volunteer 
work, and at times she feels "out of my 
league." 

"Leave the politics to the Mexicans, 
and the medicine to gringos," she once 
said. 

The clinic has had run-ins with the 
Mexican government, such as when a 
newly-appointed medical director closed 
the clinic down. 

"We were told we could go down [to 
run the clinic], and then all hell broke 
loose," McCarthy said. "He walked in the 
clinic and told us to pack up. 

"He said that they didn't need our 
services. He said educational material 
[about A.I.D.S.) was American propa-
ganda." 

At the time McCarthy felt like just 
leaving the space and the "situation." 
Soon, the clinic was forced out of the 
facilities of the Centre de Salud because 
the foundation failed "to pay homage to 
the pecking order" after the change of 
government in Mexico last year, she said. 

But Velasquez opened up his cafe to 
the clinic, and the group continued its 
work. 

"We went to Emilio's cafe, and cleared 
the bottles and drinking glasses off the 
tables, and made some space to treat 
patients." McCarthy said. 

After protests by Mexican A.I.D.S. ac-
tivists, the clinic was allowed to resume 

The UCSD Guardian 

operations in the offices of the Centre de she said. 
Salud. McCarthy said the reason she works 

The state of hospital care in Mexico with A.I.D.S. patients is because "it's 
is extremely inadequate in regards to there. It's like Mount Everest - it's 
A.I.D.S. care, McCarthy said. there." 

"The Tijuana General Hospital, The nurse said she has come into 
which is a multi-level building, is uti liz- contact with a wide range of people while 
ing only three floors," McCarthy said. working with A.I.D.S. patients. 
"The majority [of the building] goes "They're young, and they ' re vital," 
unused. They don' t have the money to McCarthy said. "I've met doctors, 
provide any services." lawyers, artists - even college students." 

McCarthy said in many cases McCarthy said she gets depressed 
Mexican hospitals won't help A.I.D.S. sometimes and admits that there are not 
patients, because doctors rationalize that many people who would want to do her 
"they're going to die anyway." job. But, she said, ''I'd get more depressed 

"It's cruel. It's cold. It hard, but it's a when I think, ' What ifI wasn't there to do 
fact of life - down here anyway. It's it?' 
probably better that they die with their "It's sad that people who are my 
family, friends, and loved ones. They patients and oftentimes my friends die, but 
can die quietly at home rather than be in it's joyous to me that I can make them 
a hospital that can't do anything for laugh when ordinarily they wouldn't." 
them anyway." "1 have a lot of patients who say, 

The working conditions in the clinic 'That's it. I'm going to kill myself or say, 
aren't ideal either, McCarthy said. 'I'm going to take matters into my own 

"Generally our hands are tied. We hands.' If I were faced with certain suffer-
don't have sophisticated diagnostic tests ing, maybe I would contemplate the same 
that are available at the university," she thing," McCarthy said. 
said. "Down there it's sort of like ' Having a sense of humor is helpful, 
working in a rural area or back in olden McCarthy said, and she admitted that 
times. You have to rely on your clinical clinic workers "are a bit irreverent." The 
acumen." support system formed by the health 

Earlier in her nursing career, Mc- workers also makes her job easier. 
Carthy worked in the ghettos of Boston, "We overcome our grief by increasing 
and she said she felt no fear doing her the quality of1ife," McCarthy said. 
work then. She said she does not worry But perhaps the thing that most helps 
about being harmed by her A.I.D.S. McCarthy live through all the suffering is 
patients now either. hope. 

''I'm too stupid to be scared I guess," "We all have hope," she said. 

FEATURES 9 

(Left) McCarthy examines a 
patient in the Tijuana clinic. 
(Below) McCarthy visits the 
hotel room of a patient. 

'It's sad that people 
who are my patients 
and oftentimes my 
friends die, but it's 
ioyous to me that I 
can make them 
laugh when ordinar-
ily they wouldn't., 

-Mary McCarthy, 
UCSDNune -



10 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 12, 1990 

Sports 
Like a Bad Nightmare, 4gers Are Back 

Fourth-ranked Cal 
State Long Beach 
Ends Volleyball's 
4-match Win Streak 
By MATTHEW ROCHlOS 
Staff Writer 

Bigger, stronger, faster. 
No other words can express the domina-

tion of Long Beach State over the UCSD 
men's volleyball team in its contest last 
night in the Main Gym. 

CSULB stormed through the Tritons in 
three straight, 15-7, 15-7, 16-14. 

It was·the third time this season that the 
Tritons have fallen victim to Division I 
Long Beach. 

The 4gers, ranked fourth nationally in the 
open division, punished UCSD with a strong 
hitting attack. 

A front line that featured starters of 6 '4", 
6'4",6'5" continually pounded at the Triton 
defense. 

Although UCSD (4-16) made a run in the 
third game, untimely errors made for a short 
evening for the Tritons. 

Game one essentially set the tone for the 
entire match. Long Beach (23-5) was loose 
and even joking around as the contest began. 

Smoothly executing theiroffenseandde-
fensive set-ups, the 4gers jumped out to a 3-
o lead. 

UCSD shook off its slow start and ran 
two effective plays in succession, including 
a back row spike by Bryan Palmer, which 
brought the score to 5-2 in favor of Long 
Beach. 

Palmer, a sophomore, led UCSD with 13 
kills. 

But CSULB regrouped and ran off an-
other 3-0 spurt, at which point Triton Head 
Coach Digger Graybill called a timeout. 

Michael Foulks/Guardian 
For John Lim and the Tritons, facing the 4th-ranked 4gers brought back memories of UCSD's 0-1 5 start vs. top-20 teams. 

After the brief respite, UCSD bore down 
and played good defense for the remainder 

See V-BALL, page 11 

Women's Novice 
Crew Pushes for 
Fourth at San 
Diego Classic 
ByPETERKO 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD women's novice crew team 
overcame numerous physical disadvantages, 
in racing to a fourth place finish in the 
novice eights at the San Diego Crew Classic 
last weekend. 

For the most part, the Tritons gave away 
as much as 30 pounds a rower, and stood as 
much as four inches shorter, than their 15 
other competitors. 

The Tritons finished behind the Univer-
sity of Washington, UC Berkeley and Stan-
ford, all Division I schools. 

In Friday 's second heat, with Washing-
ton far ahead, UCSD battled a strong Stan-
ford squad to the finish line, barely getting 
edged out of a third place finish. 

The top three boats in each heat qualified 
for the final . 

See CREW, page 14 

Rlmas UzgirlsiGuardiall 

Matt Stottern had the toughest day in the 
long rough, shooting a team-high 86. 

Triton Golf Stomps Riverside, Pomona 

Thomas, Knee Overcome 
Overgrown Torrey Rough 

By ERIC BROSIO 
Staff Writer 

After facing some of the stiffest compe-
tition in California at the war zone known as 
the UC Irvine Invitational, the UCSD men's 
gol f team returned home Monday afternoon 
to the relative peace of Torrey Pines South 
to face Di v ision II UC Ri verside and SCIAC 
member Pomona-Pitzer. 

For the most part this season, the nation-
ally eighth-ranked Tritons have bet:n ex-
tremely tough at home. 

They continued to establish a dominant 
home-course advantage, as they roared to 
first place with a four-man total of 328, 25 
strokes over Pomona-Pitzer (353) and 28 
strokes over UC Riverside (356). 

Normally a Division)] team such as Riv-
erside gives UCS D a run for its money. 

The Riverside golf program, however, 
was just reinstated after a long absence and 
still has a long way to go. 

• 

And although Pomona Pitzer is number 
two behind Redlands in the SCIAC, it just 
doesn't have the talem to match up with 
UCSD. 

All of this made the outcome somewhat 
predictable. 

But what was not predictable, was the 
condition of the course. 

It seems that the course management 
team at Torrey Pines has seen fit to let the 
rough grow to outrageous lengths. 

According to UCSD Head Coach Mike 
Wydra, the length of the grass was ex-
tremely unusual. 

"You'd probably have to go the U.S. 
Open to find rol.gh like that. Balls that were 
a few feet off the green were getting lost. 
People were losing them right and left." 

The end result , of course, was that scores 
skyrocketed. 

The Tritons' big gun, Devin Thomas, 
who usually hovers around par at Torrey, 

See GOLF, page J 1 

Thursday, April 12, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

GOLF 
Continued from page 10 

shot the only sub 80 round of the 
day by firing a 78. 

But under the abnormal condi-
tions, 78 was good enough for the 
the medalist spot. 

Bob Knee could have joined 
Thomas in the rare sub-80 group. 

Knee got beached like a floun-
dering whale in a bunker on the 
17th hole, however, and had trou ble 
climbing out. 

He ended up with a quadruple 
bogey on the hole and asolid round 
of 82. 

A trio of Tritons were grouped 
at 84 - Bobby Meyerson , 
Campbell Waldrop, and Mike 
Reinhart. 

Junior Mall Stollem closed out 
the scoring for UCSD with an 86. 

On Monday, April 16, the Tri-
tons travel to Cal State San 
Bernardino 's home course at Ar-
rowhead Country Cl ub for a fOUi-
way match with the Coyotes, 
Redlands, and Pomona-Pitzer. 

The Tritons laM faced Division 
III rival San Bernardino at the UC 
Irvine Invitational and fi nished 31 
strokes behind the fourth-place 
Coyotes. 

UCSD finished 13th at Irvine, 
with a one-day, 36-hole total of 
650 (325-325). 

SPORTS 11 

FROM LEFT FIELD ... 
By Dtulil ChaiUlt, Sports Edilor, and Pdtr Ko, Associllle Sports Editor 

Player trying to be named later: ESPN's Chris Beman is 
notorious for bis sometimes hilarious, and sometimes plain awful, 
monickers of the names of professional sports figures. 
, For instance, he has coined Walt "Three Blind" Weiss, Dave 
"Don' t" LaPoint, Kevin "Totally" Gross. and Kevin "Small Mouth" 
Bass. ' 

But now, there is a new challenger on the block. 
Introducing UCSD golf Head Coach Mike Wydra "00 That." 
For the better part of two months, he has been desperately trying 

to introduce first-year golfer Campbell "Soup" Waldrop to the 
student population. 

Now that it's been done, the wbole world is definitely better off. 

Fish?: Last year they gave us sushi. Now the newest delicacy 
at San Diego Jack Murphy Stadium is fish tacos. 

Reportedly, columnist and staunch traditionalist Mike Royko is 
already on the war path. 

According to one patron, "Hey ... it's San Diego. All we do is eat 
fi sh. " 

Obvious or oblivious?: A recent conversation between a 
Guardian staff member and one of the UCSD intercollegiate 
softball players: 

Staff member: "I see that your team did really well over Spring 
Break." . 

Softball player; "Yeah, I guess." 
Staff membeT: "Didn't you win all of your games?" 
Softball player: "We did?" 

A little more obvious: UCSD women's crew Head Coach 
Jack Vallerga before last weekend's San Diego Crew Classic: " If 
we row well, we should do well." 

Rimas UzgirlslGuardian 

Bob Knee shot an 82, second -best among the Tritons, in Monday's 
victory over UC Riverside and Pomona-Pitzer at Torrey Pines. 

Matt Stottern led the Tritons 
with a 159 (80-79), followed by 
Devin Thomas with a 160 (83-77). 

Not-so-Falrly obvious: Noted San Francisco Giants' radio 
broadcaster Ron Fairly, famous for his ability to test fans' logic, 
recently tried to explain exactly how rare it is for a team to go an 
entire game without an assist. V-BALL: Win Streak Ended by CSULB Fairly cbose purchasing items in a supermarket as a metaphor. 
He likened the situation to buying 27 items and later discovering 
you bad purchased all 27 things in alphabetical order. Continued from page 10 

of the game, yet succumbed to the 
CSULB power 15-7. 

Showing promise in the second 
game, the Tritons, through inspired 
play by Ken Blackman (seven 
kills), worked a 2-0 lead. 

Meanwhile, the 4gers substi-
tuted freely and seemed to have 
trouble adjusting to first-year set-
ter Jason Stimfig. 

Once CSULB settled down, it 
put together a 7-2 run behind a 
brutal hitting attack that featured 
outside-hitter Mark Kerins and 
middle-blocker Alan Knipe. 

Kerins led all players with 20 
kills and Knipe contributed eight 
kills and three solo blocks. 

Hurt by missed serves and on 
the short end of a few close line 
calls, the Tritons fell to Long Beach 
in the second game by the identical 
score of 15-7. 

Although Long Beach Head 
Coach Ray Ratelle seemed dissat-
isfied with his team 's play - he 
continually shook his head and 
changed his line-up - the 4gers' 
strength and passi ng proved to be 
too much for the Tritons. 

Game three was UCSD's last 
attempt of the 1990 season to gain 
respect from a Division I oppo-
nent. 

Fired up, the Tritons pushed out 
to a 4-3 lead with some solid set-
ting from ophomore Eric Stanger 
(4 1 assists). 

Long Beach again countered 
with a run of its own, grabbing a 9-
7 lead. Hard fought rallies at 10-9 
and I 1-9 were both won by Long 
Beach as they came up with big 
hits from Knipe and Kerins. 

UCSD refused to fold as sopho-
more Nate Brown and Larry 
Warner teamed up for a big block 
at 12- 11 in favor of CSULB. Vi-

cious jump serves from Bryan 
Palmer brought the Tritons to the 
brink of victory at 14-12. 

Finally, the Long Beach pres-
sure proved too great for UCSD as 
CSULB's Brett Hilliard blocked 
down a Triton spike for a 14-14 tie, 
and outside-hiller Joe Goggin 
subsequently served an ace for a 
15-14 lead. 

The game ended on a Nate 
Brown side-out off a spike for 
UCSD. 

Brown, who finished with 12 
kills and seven digs, felt that he did 
not play that well, and was frus-
trated by the Tritons' inability to 

close the door for a win in the final 
game. 

"They served to me throughout 
the match, which was probably a 
good idea," Brown reflected. "But 
they definitely have the big guns." 

Graybill said that the Tritons 
are now looking to the re t of the 
season, including the second round 
of play in the Pacific Coast Volley-
ball Conference, and beyond to the 
playoffs. 

"We played better this time," 
Graybill said. "We served well in 
the last game, and played good 
defense all night. But they really 
make you pay for your mistakes." 

There are only 26 letters in the alphabet. 

Sunday, Monday, Tuesday: San Diego Padres' broadcaster 
Rick Monday, on his two high school friends Steve Sunday and 
George Washington. 

"One night we were all out together, and the pol ice stopped us for 
running a red light. Wben they asked our names, our driver said, 
' I'm Steve Sunday' : and theD I said, 'I'm Rick Monday ': and then 
the <Alp with the flashlight pointed at the other guy, saying, • And I 
suppose you're George Washington? ' 

When George nodded yes, I think they would have locked us up 
if he hadn't pulled out his ID and proved it." 

LL 
1990-91 On-Campus Housing for UNDERGRADUATES 
Announcement for Spring Quarter LoHeries 
Follow deadlines carefully. You will lose your space if all deadlines are not met. 

College 
Revelle 

Muir 

Third 

Warren 

Fifth 

lonelY Infonnation Meeting 
Thursday, April 5 

7 p.m. - Why Not Here? 
Thursday, April 5 

8 p.m. - Muir Top of the Quad 
Thursday, April 12 

7 p.m. - Ocean View 
Monday, April 16 

Guaranteed students 8:30 p.m. 
Thursday, April 19 

Non-Guaranteed Students 8:30 p.m. 
Warren Commons 

Thursday, April 12 
8 p.m. - Pepper Canyon Lodge 

Lonery Card Due 
Wednesday, April 18 
4:30 p.m. 
Friday, April 13 
12 Noon 
Tuesday, April 17 
4 p.m. 
Friday, April 27 
4:30 p.m. 

Monday, April 16 
4 p.m. 

For Details Call 
534-3025 

534-4200 

534-4341 

534-4581 

534-2261 

-



12 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Classified advertising is sold in IS-word 
increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 
for students, $3 for faculty and staff, 
and $4 for others . Payment in advance 
is required; therefore, ads must be 
mailed with a check (made payable to 
The UCSD Guardian) or presented in 
person. Please have exact change. 
Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's paper and 3 p.m. Monday for 
Thursday 's paper. The Guardian 
reserves the right to refuse any 
advertising including but not limited to 
companionship ads . For more 
information call 534-5416 . The 
Guardian, UCSD, B-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
ONE MONTH IN POLAND - HUNGARY 
- CZECHOSLOVAKIA - EAST 
GERMANY$I ,495, includes air. These 
rates available for nonstudents also. 
TIbor, 444-8234; Ann, 459-0883. (412-
4130) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth, education, prayer, socializing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Students! 
502 Matthews; eastofthe Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick,534-2521 .(412-617) 

Third College Semi-formal tickets now 
on sale in Third Dean's office and Office 
of Residential Life. Don't miss "That 
Magic Moment. . . April 28. Tickets just 
$10 each, but space is limited, so don't 
delay I (419-4126) 

WORK IN FILMI Hardcore Film 
Productions , UCSD 's Film Club. 
Meeting every Wed. 9:00 p.m. HSS 
1330. (4/9-4/12) 

Be the Revelle Student Graduation 
Speaker. Applications at Dean's office. 
Deadline: April 27 @ 4 p.m. (419-4/26) 

Get involved with Revelle Government. 
Applications at Dean's office. Deadline: 
April 20th . (419-4119) 

REVELLE STUDENTS: Get involved 
with your college. Committee 
appointment applications are now 
available at the Dean's office. Deadline 
is April 20 @ 4 p.m. Get involved, it's 
fun ! (4/9-4/16) 

EARTH DAY WEEKEND. The largest 
human event to ever occur. 100 million 
people will join together worldwide to 
take action to SAVE OUR EARTH! 
Saturday, April 21, Grape Day Park, 
Escondido, 10-3, and Sunday, April 22, 
Balboa Park, San Diego, 9-5. (4/9-
4119) 

Students interested in a career in the 
mUSIC 'industry, TAKE NOTE. A.I.P. 
offers summer internships in L.A. with 
Chrysalis Records, A&M Records and 
PolyGram. Apply in MAAC 406. Earn 
Credit. (4/9-4/12) 

Excellent internship opportuniti&s in 
Washington, D.C. are available for fall 
quarter. A.I.P. offers creditfor positions 
in the following fields: national security, 
international consulting, network news, 
environmental advocacy, and health 
advocacy. Housing stipends are offered 
by some placements. Apply in MAAC 
406, TODAY. (4/9-4/12) 
Hungry? Have an opinion? I need you 
to be a mystery shopper for dining 
services. Must be a studenVstaff or 
faculty. Call Scott @ 534-6203. (4/12) 

SELF DEFENSE WORKSHOP for 
women who have survived molestation 
and/or rape. Wednesday, Apri l 18, 6-9 
p .m., Revelle Formal Lounge . 
Sponsored by Psychological & 
Counseling Services. (534-0255) and 
Student Safety Awareness Program 
(534-5793). (4112-4/16) 

Scholarships/Grants for college area 
available. Millions go unclaimed yearly. 
CaUI -800-334-3881 . (4112-617) 

Discuss parking & construction and 
other issues at Revelle's Town Mtg. 
Wed 7 Commuter Lounge. (4/12-4/16) 

Writing helpl Professional, private, meet 
your deadline, your convenience, 
money back guarantee. Jim 481-1810. 
(4/12-617) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-1 500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-
1962. (412-513 ) 

PAPERS TYPED! Quick & affordable! 
$21typed double-spaced page. Call W 
Colony Resumes & Professional Typing 
Services, 455-8357. One-day service 
available. Laser Printing! Choice of 35 
typestyles! (412-617) 

Macintosh Services - Repa irs -
Upgrades : Component level repai r. 
FREE estimates_ 2-Day turnaround. 
Weekend/Emergency Service. 
Reasonable Rates (e.g. MacI2815121 
Plus Power Board $89) . Memory 
Upgrades lor ALL Macs (MacI28/512 
to Plus starts @ $21 0). FREE Campus 
Pick-up & Delivery. Call 456-5916 
Compulix . (4/5-4112) 

Word Processing/ Laser printed 
dissertation, research & term papers. 
Free Delivery. Jan Goodloe, M.A. 486-
DATA ... ANYTIME. (4/5-4/12) 

TYPINGII !I I'll type your term p"pers 
etc. Quickly and inexpensively. Laser 
printer. Call Jennifer: 558-6090. (419-
4/30) 

Word Processing Services. Excellent 
Quality - reasonable. Call 566-9096. 
(419-4/1 2) 

Typing/Word Processing. Fast turn 
around. Any size. Pick up and delivery. 
Call SanJy 755-4316. (419-4112) 

Polish your prose! Editing, proofreading, 
expert word processing . Merilee's 
Editorial Services. 277 -9229 alter 3 p.m. 
(419-4/23) 

Typing/Word Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, papers, theses, letters, 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (4/9-5/3) 

Rent-a-brain 24-hr. writing tutor; 
outstanding A-student UC grad. save 
this number! Make deadlines Jim 481-
1810.(4112-617) 
TYPING -theses, term, Ph.Ds, Legal. 
Allformats. RUSH JOBS. MARIE 931 -
9596 (4/12-617) 

Physics hard? Cannot relate it to math? 
I can help you. (grad student) 558-
0547. (4/12-4/16) 

Surfing - finally do it, fun, safe, 20 years 
experienced lifeguard, water safety 
instructor Jim 481 -1810. (4112-617) 

WANTED 
Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the effects of alcohol. If you 
are a UCSD student or non-academic 
staff, American born male of entirely 
Japanese, Chinese, or Korean descent, 
call Scripps Clinic and Research 
Foundation for more information, 554-
2192. (412-617) 

Need Infant Care in my Del Mar home. 
Experienced. Own Car. 1-3days/week. 
755-6172. (3/5-4116) 

Asthma Research. Mild to moderate 
asthmatics are needed to help evaluate 
new medications. Earn up to $250 and 
receive a free physical and medications. 
Clinical Trials Center. Phone 294-3787. 
(315-4/30) 

HELP WANTED. $9.85 to start. National 
retail chain filling 15 openings. No 
experience required. Scholarships 
available. No door-to-door or phone 
sales. Call 565-1533 9-3 p.m. (3/12-
4130) 

Ambitious entrepreneurs wanted : 
Excellent ground level opportunity in 
rapidly expanding marketing company 
- income unlimited parVfuil ti me positions 
available call 748-3094. (4/2-4/12) 

Easy work, excellent pay. Make $121hr. 
Assemble products in your home! No 
experience necessary. Call 221 -7805. 
(4/2-4112) 
LAW CLERK/SECRETARY - Good 
typing skills, aptitude for filing , copying, 
answering phone. $5.25 per hour. Call 
459-4118 ask for Noelle or Joanne. (41 
2-4/12) 

----------------~ UCSD : If you Mt It, 
C&rl'sJr. 

Student I 
Special: drink It, .... It, 

buy It, MIl It, 

pfOvIde It, or 

,otta haw. It, 

It'. In tile 

QIIIItfIIan/ 

I I 
I BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I I I I Bacon Cheeseburger : 
: r~FREE ! 
I. Valid at: 6788 Miramar Rd. : 

Coupon expires Apr1130, 1990, One offer per coupon. I One coupon per customer per v1s1t. Not va11d with any I 
I other offer or discount. Pl1ce does not Include tax, 1'1--'''8 J:r. I ~carl Karcher Enterprises, Inc, 1990 ~~. L _____________________ --~ 

Researcher: The Diabetes' Research 
Group needs part and full -time 
researchers to conduct NIH longitudinal 
grant. Duties include conducting 
interviews, organizational tasks , 
recruitment, and data management. 
Requires night and weekend hours too . 
Salary and benefits approximately 
$16,000 for 40thr week. Psychology 
degree and research experience 
preferred. Send letters of 
recommendation and resume to Cindy 
Hanson, Ph.D. Diabetes Research 
Group, M-15 ; U .S . International 
University; 10455 Pomerado Rd., San 
Diego, CA 92131. (619) 693-4668. 
(4/2-4/12) 
Specialized staff needed for summer 
girls camp in Maine. Areas of expertise 
in one 01 the following : Tennis, 
Swimming (WSI), Gymnastics , 
Landsports. Dates: 6119-8/19. Room, 
board, linen, laundry, clothing and travel 
allowance. Topsalary.lnterviewsduring 
the week of April 16. Call collect for 
information 9-5 EST ask for Marie. (617) 
934-6536. (4/2-4/16) 

Executive Search Firm needs 
assistance with new business. High 
energy, hard working, dependable 
individual needed to perform secretarial 
tasks (light typing, answering phones, 
market research) . 30-40 hours a week, 
8-5 M-F. Flexible for one or two classes. 
La Jolla location. Salary Open. Karen 
Greene 456-2092. (415-4/12) 

Research subjects: Healthy 
menstruating women ages 18-30 with 
long, irregular cycles. Daily blood 
drawing. Sleeping with night light x 5 
nights. $10.00lblood. ($300.00 + total) . 
Message: 552-8585 ext 3219. Say 
"Menstrual Study." (419 - 4126) 
BUSINESS MANAGER. Financial 
Manager for UCSD Film Club. Great 
experience and contacts I Contact 
Michelle 455-6914. (419-4/12) 
COORS LIGHT POSTER GIRL 
INTERVIEWING : ATTRACTIVE 
GIRLS, POSITIVE ATiiTUDES! Coors 
Dist.: 12 p.m. - 5 p.m. 4124190. 7545 
Carroll Rd . S.D. 92121 . Calif. Studio 
Productions (213) 676-4422. (419-4123) 

Retail-Sales part time evenings + 
weekends. Kids ctothes in P .B. 581 -
3906. (419-4/19) 

CAMP COUNSELORS wanted for an 
adventuroussummerdaycarnp in West 
Los Angeles. Must be responSible, 
energetic, caring, and have experience 
working with children. (213) 472-7474. 
(4/9-4/19) 

RECREATIONAL VOLLEYBALL 
REFEREE Needed to work Tuesday 
and Thursday nights, from 7:30 p.m. -
9:30 p .m., May 22 through July 5th. 
Apply at Shiley Sports & Health Center 
of Scripps Clinic, 10820 N. Torrey Pines 
Rd .. La Jolla, 554-3488. EOEIMIFIH (41 
9-4119) 

Lon... $1'1 
•• rIs $'11 
'N.kfurt $650 
VIc.na $"1 
MIldrid $UI 

Fares If\I roltldlrip. AeSltictio,.. do app~1 
AlIt .belll .., usa 

Itudalllo ........ ,..., fro .. 
$41t1 

"#III1IWiI Tt .... 
-rcrorcE C£HTtR 

(by the 'Olt OtrIcC» 

Thursday, April 12, 1990 

LIFEGUARDS I SWIMMING 
INSTRUCTORS wanted for an outdoor 
pool at a summer day camp in West Los 
Angeles. Experienced with current WSI, 
ALS & CRP certificates. (213) 472-
7474 . (419-4/19) 

GREAT SUMMER OPPORTUNITY. 
Jewish summer residential camp seeks 
counselors and specialists. Capital 
Camps is located in the Catoctin 
Mountains one hour from Washington, 
D.C. If you are interested in the 
challenges and excitement of working 
with campers in grades 3-10, we want 
you on our team. Good salaries, great 
fun. For information and an application, 
call 1-800-783-1245. (4/9-4/12) 
ATTENTION : EARN MONEY 
WATCHING TVI $32,OOOlyear income 
potential. Details (1 ) 602-838-8885 Ext. 
TV-18113. (4/9-4/12) 

ATTENTION : EASY WORK 
EXCELLENT PA YI Assemble products 
at home. Details (1) 602-838-8885 Ext . 
W-18113. (419-4/12) 

ATTENTION: EARN MONEY 
READING BOOKSI $32,000Iyear 
income potential. Details (1 )602-838-
8885 Ext. Bk-18113'. (4/9-4/12) 

Want to earn money and have fun too? 
Part time babYSitter needed for two 
delightful children in Del Mar highlands. 
Flexible hours. 792-2301 . (4112-4/16) 

Eam $500-$1500 part time, stuffing 
envelopes in your home. For free info. 
send a self-addressed, stamped 
envelope to : P.O. Box 81953, 
Albuquerque, NM 87198. (4112-4126) 

Video Company seeking attractive, very 
athletic looking females with exceptional 
legs for exercise and physique 
modeling . Local work, good pay. 
Description/phone to LadySport 
Productions, 2564 Navarra Dr. 1213 
Carlsbad 92008. (4/12-4/16) 

EAfHH DAY VOLUNTEERSII Needed 
now. Last chance. Creative, soulful, 
and fun.CalI481-1810 or 465-3241. 
(4112-4119) 

THE SDSU FOUNDATION has part 
time technical positions for contract 
work at the Navy R&D Laboratories at 
Point Loma. Need Math, Computer 
Science, Engineering , Physics, 
Psychology and Chemistry majors. Must 
have attained at least Junior standing, 
be a full-time student & U.S. Citizen. 
$7 .73/hr . Apply at Part-time 
Employment Program at the UCSD 
Career Services Center, or ph. SDSUF 
594-6253. (4/12-4116) 

r-

WII1 d Hd\\dlldn VdcatlOn 
or big ">Cf("'11 TV 

pili" rdl'o' lip to 51.400 
III JlI"t 10 dd\">' 

0IIjectM: ' ........ r 
ComnlibliMt: ....... 
.... ': ....... 1.,400 
Coet: Zero ..... tment 

c.npua 0/PIIUtI0nS, c ..... , 
fnIts, .-ttIee c.II OCMC et 

~IZI"'" 
1.-00 110-8472 ext. 10, 

Rotb' h • ware DUse near Co ovoy -

FUTONS or FRAMES 
4-WAY IOWGR. 6' fUIOH 
Twin $92 ~$119.60 
Ful Sl06.40 Kingsm 

OAK IIDI COVIU $t9 
COUCH wlFuton 
t_lw/6"_ or 
Ful sm Frame purchase 
<Men $184 

noll. NOU .. E Thurs. 12-7; Fri. 12-6 eo 
Sat. 10-5: Sun. 11-4 

...... Wecl • ."., ,til .... 
292-467~ .. 569-7081 

LAaeI IIIWlIIOIty, , .... , 
Priccs subject to chan~ Dcllvcry. avallable 
4107 Mercwy St" W~_ .,. 

Take 1·80S or 1· 163 to Claircl'nOnt Mcu ruvd 
Go 2 blocks JOUth on Mercury 51 t onNE 

comet 0( Mctcury ,nd ROO5OO Rd. 

Thursday, April 12, 1990 

Occasional companion/child care in our 
home for 13 yr. old jr. high student. 
Requires low maintenance. Has school 
7-5 daily. Needs dinners and someone 
there evenings plus overnight: Once-
twicelmonth for 2-4 days. Call Julia at 
551 -0505. (4/12) 

Vacationing family prelers female to 
live in La Jolla home to care for two 
girls, ages 9 & 13, during the month of 
August. Must be non-smoker, English 
speaking, and 19 or older. Call Julie 
collect at 214-922-0242 to apply. (4112-
4/16) 

Tree' trimmers, ground people. Need 
truck. Part time. $7 hour with truck 
expense, Phone Interview 453-6353. 
(4/12-4119) 

FOR SALE 
FUTON: Oak special sofa/bed with 6 
inch futon. Only $199. Call 431-9361. 
(4/2-4112) 
Futon and frame, queen, xlnt. condition. 
Large chest of drawers with giant mirror. 
All for $1 00 o.b.o. 259-6075. (4/9-4/12) 

FisherStereo, Mintcondition. Turntable, 
dual cassette, EQ, AM-FM tuner. Great 
for dorms. Tony 455-0384. (4/9-4/12) 
Nintendo system plus 10 games. $250 
o.b.o. Tony 455-0384. (4/9-4/12) 
ATTENTION - GOVERNMENT 
SEIZED VEHICLES from $1 00. Fords, 
Mercedes, Corvettes, Chevys. Surplus 
Buyers Guide. 1-602-838-8885-Ext. A-
18113. (4/9-4/16) 
Twelve string guitar, barely used, three 
months old, $220.00 Call Scott at 459-
6964. (4/12) 
Alpine 7905 Compact Disc Playerltuner. 
Fully programmable, pull-out. $275.00 
Craig 792-8479. (4/12-4116) 

Buy Real Estatel Earn eqity for your 
future and save on taxes. Don·t waste 
money on rent. Many homes and condos 
for sale in the univeristy area. Don -
457-2730 (4/12) 

Desk, book hutch, printer table. Good 
quality, hardly used. $100 for all. Call 
Wendy 546-9112. (4/12-4126) 

Smith-Corona Typewriter 1989 only 
used for 4 months plus 3 cartridges . 
$135.00558-8181. (4/12-4/16) 

HP-285 Advanced Scientific Calculator. 
Features include 32K RAM, Graphics, 
Symbolic Algebra and Calculus. New 
condition . Also two application guides 
(Vectors & Matrices, mathematical 
applications) leather case, $140 for all. 
457-5512. (4112-4/16) 
Janet Jackson concert tickets for sale. 
$70.000.b.o. Concert on April 23, 1990. 
Call Myra 565-8311 (9:30 p.m. - 11 :30 
p.m.) or Manuel 470-4738 (leave 
message) . (4/12-4119) 

1984 Toyota Celica GT,. white with 
blue int. sunroof, AlC, power steering, 
and brakes, FM/AM casso stereo, 
excellent condition, $5450 o.b.o., call 
487-1075, lv, messg. (4/12-4/23) 

HOUSING 
Spacious tri-Ievel Cambridge 
condominium; 2 bd, 2.5 bath, fireplace, 
2 car garage, curtains, pool and spa. 
Walk to malls, Ralphs, and UCSD. Great 
locationl3t44 Morning Way, La Jolla, 
551-9203. (4/2-4/12) 
Subletting your apartment this summer? 
Local law firm seeking Gummer housing 
for law clerks. Call Karen at 699-3542 
with details . (4/2-5110) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Want to make money while you are out 
oftown this summer? Rent your house, 
apartment or part theroof to responsible 
law students who will be clerking at 
Seltzer Caplan Wilkins & McMahon in 
San Diego. Please call Maria Macias at 
294-2801 Extension 135 for further 
inlormation. (412-4130) 

Vegetarian wanted. Private entrance 
and bath, organic garden, jaccuzi, 
sauna, laundry, non-smokers, no pets. 
753-0321. (4/2-4/12) 
In Mira Mesa all upstairs, 2 BR., 1 BA, 
large living, kitchen, wash/dryer, canyon 
view, near bus, 1-5, 15 minutes to UCSD. 
$250 each room. Raut 271-7260/534-
2858. (4120) 

W condo to share w/ female . 2 BR, 
security, all amenities, garage, tennis , 
pool , etc. , walk to UCSDI shopping, 
non-smoking, prefer grad. student, 
$437.50. Available June. 458-9168. 
(412-4130) 
International House applications 
available at Resident Dean's offices, 
International Center and IR/PS. Due 41 
27/90. (4/9-4/26) 
Male Housekeeper seeks apt. or house 
to share, exchange services with 
students(s) (Gay OK) needing 
organization, study habits. No drugsl 
alcohol, smk. OK Eric 236-9144. (4/9-
4/12) 
Responsible family (1 child) looking for 
summer furnished rental home. Must 
be at least 3 be(~rooms. Will be in S.D. 
April 14-15 to look. Call ASAP. Beth or 
Gary (602) 954-6828. (4/12) 

PERSONALS 
PICTURE DATING inexpensive, 
effective, discrete, fast. Call JMP for 
more details at 697-3450. (4/5-4112) 

ONE MONTH TOURING POLAND -
HUNGARY - CZECHOSLOVAKIA -
EAST GERMANY - $1 ,495, includes 
airfare. This rate good for nonstudents 
also. Tibor, 444-8234; Ann, 459-0883. 
(4/2-4/30) 
INFO Session on Study, work in NEW 
ZEALAND/AUSTRALIA. Thursday, 41 
12 International Center Conference 
Room. (419-4112) 
Filth College Semi-Formal ... April 21, 
1990 at the Sheraton Harbor Island. 
Tickets on sale now at Provost Office. 
$20.00 until April 13 then $22.00 BUY 
NOWI (4/9-4/16) 

Filth College -sick of parking problems? 
For $1 .50 donation, to help support 
your semi-formal, you get the 
opportunity for Fifth College Council 's 
reserved parking space. In the Price 
Center_ (419-4/12) 
BLOCK PARTY APRIL 27 FROM 4-8 
P.M. tN THE FIRE LANE OF THE 
WARREN APARTMENT COMPLEX. 
(4/9-4/19) 
International House Applications available 
at Resident Dean's Offices, Internationai 
Center and I RIPS. Due 4127190. (4/9-41 
26) 

ScholarshipsiGrants for college area 
available. Millions go unclaimed yearly. 
Call 1-800-334-3881. (4112) 
FLOWERS. Just the word creates 
excitement. Stop by Carrie's Flower Shop 
and see why our fresh assortments can 
reaily excite a friendl 7777 Girard Ave. 
454-3535. (4/12-4/23) 
Start Spring Quarter on the right foot at 
the Warren College's Commuter 
Breakfasts!l Same time, same place. 
Every Tuesday from 7:30 a.m. -1 Oa.m., 
Warren Provosts Building for only 50 
cents" What a great bargain!! (4/5-41 
12) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

•••••••••• 
1100/0 DISCOOtITl 
• To students on all 1 
• automotive repairs 1 
: ]flPflHESE : 

CIIRMfiSTERS 
1 5828 Autoport Mall 1 
1 off Miramar Rd. 1 
1 Weservke 1 
1 Toyota Honda • 
• Datsun Mazda • 
• Subaru Nissen • 

: CaJulst ~~~Z : 
• Visa and Mastercard accepted. • 

•••••••••• 

Self krw 
Macintosh 

( tat· 
$5.00 per hour 

2S( Laser Prints 
·wftIt lOur ~nt I.D. 
Ofrw good i:MIugh 6/9190 

4150 Regents Park Row 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

PERSONAL ADS - ONLY A BUCK! 457-1007 
Vowlh GtJorJion ollie •• in Ihe old Student Canter 10 pIac. your penonol., sell your warped old F,;>bee . ... 

AppleCare 
Half price sale! 
Buy the AppleCare 
extended warranty ~ow 
for 12 months and. only 
pay for 6 months! 

Add AppleCare to existing warranty on 
your Macintosh computer or buy new 
coverage. This offer good for a limited 
time only! (Expires May 31, 1990.) 
Limited to 1 year purchase. 

LJ\I\IRSITY 

UOOI\STORE 

For further information, 
call the Computer Center 
at 534 .. 4291 

•.................. - ...... 
• : UCSD SPECIAL! 

I ·~ .. a warm, party 
atmosphere ... for 

serious pizza eaters ... " 
Jack WhIte, CbannellO 

resuurant critic 

~/~ 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

~I 
M-Th 11 ..... -Mid· 
F-Sal. Ham-lam 
Sun- II,lOGIn-Mid Tired oj the same 01' cardboard pizza? 

Call BJls jar gourmet quality. 
r-----------r----------~ 

: $I!~-! : $2!!:!! : 
I I~ pre:>erll coupon wb"" ordering. I Please present coupon Wben o,-dering. I 

L_~'s~uJ~ ___ L __ ~'s~u~~_~ 

8873ViUaUJoUaDr. laJolla Village Center 455-0662 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• I 
• 
• 
• 
• • UcSD's original Pizzeria is still the best.1 • 

£-cpires 4126190 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Any Fresh 
Service Deli 
Pizza 

00 
OFF 

Discover Ralphs Chef Express and Enjoy a Wide 
Variety of Freshly Prepared Entrees and Salads. 

8825 Villa La dolla 



!~ ~~D. 
La Jolla 

1~ ·4· . ' 
Daft AU 1Ull'Ui& XI CW'" .• 

~ ----0 ,.. .... " . " ~ . , 
, ~ ·~'"~~w 

I 
I 

Re«War price $1 .65 
This coupon va.lid only at: 

, La Joll& Ben tJ! Jerry's • 4160 Regents Park Row I, 
I (near Anthony's) • 587-5680 
, One coupon per CW3tomer. ~ L---_-~~~~~~·.2~~ _____ !J 

The UCSD Guardian 

CREW 
Continued 'rom pal' II 

Saturday, the Tri tons cou1d only 
watch as a dominant Washington 
team ped out and controlled the 
race from start to finish. 

UCSD, and a pack of six. boats, 
was left to bailIe il oul for the 
runner-up lOIS. 

Eventually, the strength of na-
lional powers Berkeley and Stan-
ford took over, and the Tritons 
were left to fend off a pesky VC 
Davis squad for fourth place. 

The margin of victory in the 
2,000 meter race was a mere two 
seconds. 

For the Trilon novice crew, the 
classic was one more highlight in 
what has been, to this point, a per-
fect sea on. 

Undefeated in dual meets head-

N" ~ sr.· 

" 00l.I' ....... ~) 
II T .. ..,. ,..".. ScMII: ucsc 321,"-'a-
",..., 363,UC -..,. 356 : 
MocIoIoI . Devin Thomu. 78 

""'8 VOU!'I8Al.l (+16) 
Long -. SI. d. vesc. 1~7. 15-7, 18-'. 

'CA " ,'.1. ,. - tn 

HOllIE EVENTS .. Il0l.0 
BASEBALL 

at CIwisI College oIlMne. Toda1. 2,30 
p.m. 

$OneALL 
UCBOTrIIOn T_, T~ 
SMuNoor· T_IIocIUCle UCSD, ClIU 
- ... , ..... Menlo. csu .... 1' ...... 8VU. __ OOSO pooIpIIy: 
",.,. YL ....... 11:15 a.m~ ... '" 
_ ..... 2:15p.m. 
ItfH'9T~ 

YL 8L -"'S College. frkle~, a p ...... 
MulrCour1s 

WOMEN'S TBINIS 
YL ~ CoIIoge, Today. 3 p,m .• 
_Ceu,,-
at Pomona-Pltzor. Saturday. 10 • m 

TRACK AND FIElD 
UCSO 1n\'lWionel, 9oItufI:I81.IO&M. 

WOMEN'S WATEJlI'OlO 
W_~T""""""",,,,,, 
......,.Ma.,.~ . . ........ 
"'-'YCSD. ue __ .... . 
011 .... ue .......,.011 Polo IILO, UC 
-... C8U lAftg ....... 8Ien_ 

x '-~::..' r 1 'J~ •. 

.. ~ 6-5 
1'. 

---
..5 

l Iofw..r U 
to --.--.... 1-7 
tI. uc .... PIIGO IN 
II , _UnIon H 
12. -......-. a.a 
13, ~r 7~ 
14. '-&.Ie 7,3 
15. ~S-... PoII1I!i-6 
16. Vllginei~ ... 12·3 
17. -"'*9 2-2 
1$. GIMoboro &.Ie ~3 
II, -"W....,. 3-7 
a.SE~ 4,1 

.,~ .' • I 

';.\ ' " ,\ . 

w_s~ 

--.-

n 
74 ,. 
III 
• 112 
50 
.... 

32 
31 
24 
Z2 
'6 
7 
6 

~ Contay. 3,000 end 10,000 metetI 
00IIIIII McF8I)'<Ion . 3.000_ 
~ 0uIgtey. _ pia end oIocuo 
Shett.y Squibb. chcu. 

..... ou.u..ElIS 
PIut Cogbtll. cIeaIS 
Scoft~. hammer 

AlC. __ :zs. l_ 
ay .. A-...." V....,.,..eo-.. "-. 
t lIII*II a.II 

Eat InacI anJ salt antl spealc lite TrvIh. 
-Russian proverb 

The UCSD Guardian PHOTO 15 

Universal America 
A photo essay by Darryl Yee 

Quotations taken from The Family 0' Man, 
by Edward Steichen 

DEATH 
FAMILY 

HUNGER POLITICS 



16 

Look Kids ... it's the 
1990 SOFTBALL PREVIEW 

Atlentionl Attention! There wi ll be no softball on Muir Field this season. 
We know you're all broken up about this, but the Field of Bad Dreams 

must lie fallow this spring for obvious reasons. You are all just going to have 
to make do withou1 those chin-jarring, groin-shattering ground balls to which 
you have fondly grown accustomed. 
Games will not be decided this season by the bad-hop home run. 

Maybe we should lust astroturt the place and get ft over with. Maybe get 
the Price Center people to come in and pour down a giant slab of concrete 
for the occasion. I'm sure the administration would go for it. Sure, it's a 
drastic step, but I'm just afraid NASA is going to rent the place ou1 any day 
now 10 use as test track for their lunar vehicles. 

Well, thank goodness for the North CampuslSpanos Fields. At least we 'll 
be out there for about 80% of our regular season games. Those Chargers 
may not be able to win ball games, but they sure know how to grow grass, 
don1 they? These ftelds are plush. It's Uke playing ball on my grandmother's 
living room rug, only not having to worry about breaking things on the coffee 
table. 

The SIX softball fields, If you remember from last year, are layed out 
sfightly different this spnng. We Uke to callir The Get-to-Know-Ya" design. 
It used to be that if your game wasn't particularly interesting, you were In 
good posibon to watch the game next to you. This season, you're in good 
position to play In the game next to you. 

So join the tun, the rules say nothing about playing on two teams at 
exactly the same lime. 

For the more adventurous softballers, we've mtroduced acute-angle 
softball on the North Campus Middle and Warren Fields. It's ali lhe fun of 
regufar softball without alf thai pesky space 10 cover. Try it! It's tike a giant 
over-the-ilne game With bases. 

Also new for '90 ..... umpire shirts. Red is out, aqua-velva blue is in! "'s a 
whole new look, and, a whole new attitude .... just pertect for that young 
official on the go. Now, when you have that word of encouragement for the 
umpire, you can yell, 'Great call, Bluer without wondering if he or she knew 
the praise was meant for him or her. 

Get beat 34-2 in your first coed game? Not to worry. In the coed 
diVISIOns, we're experimenting with the new Self·Regulating Sandbagger 
System, which automatically creates a division of its own for the top two 
teams in each "A" league once playoffs start. Chances are, you'll never have 
to see their underachieving faces again. 

What else can we expect in 1990? 
Look for five run leads to be blown In the last inning. 
Look for better, higher PItching in the lower diVisions to keep scores lower 

and excitement higher. 
Look for three or four successful pick-off attempts by the whole of UCSO 

catchers. 
Look for three or four hundred errant pick-off attempts by these same 

catchers, about 100 of which will tum the game around. 
Look tor that one team ot weasels in every league who look tor walks 

despite their IS-run, Sixth inmng leads. 
There IS no beer allowed on the pfaying field at any time. Please keep 

your beverage to a mimmum of two IncheS outside the out-of-play lines at all 
times. 

The quallty of your pfay IS inversely proportional to the quabty ot the beer 
that you bring to the game In your tummy. 

The umpire's watch keeps better time than your own. Always. 
Remember, It'S one, two strikes you're out at the 01' ball game here at 

UCSD_ .. SO SWing, dammlt. or we don't care It you ever come back. 
When m doubt, slide! It prevents those nasty conlslons at home and 

avoids surgical removal of the softball from the foreheads of those trying to 
break up double plays. 

And bribery of the umpires With food and/or beverage is not on~ allowed, 
It'S encouraged. It may not automatically swmg the game in your tavor, but If 
couldnt hurt. So feed the umps, it's not like they're bears In a nabonal park 
or anything 

So there you have it your very own 1990 GUide to Intramural Softball at 
the U. Mayall your genuine leather fantaSIes come true. 

The UCSD Guardian T hursday, April 12, 1990 

Beach Sports - A SUee 01 Souillern CaUlornia 
You know, when you realty 

think about it, there's really not a 
helluva of a lot of things original 
about this place we live in. Just 
about everything you see was 
trucked in on the Interstate some 
time ago. 

Before the Interstate, it must 
have come in on the Union Pa-
cific Railroad, or better yet, a 
slow boat from China. Before 
that, it came by covered wagon. 
I mean really_ Where does 
Southern California get off. Isn't 
there something that SC can call 
its very own? 

Let's see. Freeways? Nah, w 
got a lot of 'em but they d idn' t 
start here_ The Dodgers? No 
way, dem bllm5 came from 
Brooklyn. 
Movies? Maybe, but crnon, 
there had to be something before 
Hollywood. What else? How 
about sports? Baseball, 
nope __ .East coast. Hoops, 
nope ... East coast. 5oc<:er. _.nyet, 
its fo reign for sure. Auto 
racing ... nah, Indiana's got that 
Jones. 

Criminey! What gives_ 
There's gotta be something. 
How about volleybaU! 
No! .. Massachusetts! But you' re 
getting warm. Beach Volleyball! 
YO! Right on brother. That's as 
Homegrown as it gets. Manhat-
tan Beach, Santa Monica Pier, 
Malibu, Singin' Smith, Karch 
Kiraly, Janice Opalinski ... what 
more do you want. 

Steve Minor, Camille 
Medina ... Charley D. Big names 
all of 'em. Oh. 

Wet!, its true, you know. 
Beach Volleyball (the two-man 
variety) and Over-T!le-Line (the 
3-person kind) really does have 

its heritage in Southern Califor-
nia_ Probably, not in your 
lifetimes, but it certainly hit 
around Morn and Dad's time, 
even though they probably 
didn' t have a clue what they 
were all about. 

Let's face it. These two babies 
w ere needles in a haystack when 
it comes to sports in this country 
20 years ago. But, johnny-come-
lately, these guys ain't. Beach 
volleyball is probably pushing 
45, and OTL is near 37, if you 
can believe that. And all of it in 
Southern California. 

My how times have changed. 
In the old days, it was pure fun 
and recreation. Just another way 
to kill time a t the beach. 
Nowadays, its a damn business, 
just like everything else. Beach 
volleyball is as professional as 
the next sport, and Over-The-
Line is close behind, making 
their pro debut this summer. 
The top players are making real 

endorsing products just like the 
rest of 'em. Unbelievable. Yes. 
But it's happening. And right 
here in our own backyard. 

I guess if we have to take 
credit for something, it might as 
wet! be something we do at the 
beach. I mean, let's be honest. 
That's what living here is all 
about, isn't it? 

So let's get real about this 
whole thing. Beach volleyball 
and over-the-line. They sound 
like pretty cool activities. I mean 
if you're going to kill time at the 
beach, you might as well be 
doing something fun. Some-
thing that's a challenge. Some-
thing that should be hard, but 
generally isn't. Something that 
any Southern California would 
be proud to call his or her own. 
Why? OK. Why not? 

EdItor's note: CoInc:ldentally, 
the UCSD Beach Sports Festival 
which Includes ....... round-
robin tourn8lMnb In both Over-
The-Une (Men's, W_'s, and 
Coed DIv\SIOnS) and lINch Yo~ 
")'ball (Mixed Doubles DIvI-
sions) wi. be hIttInI the beach 
lit Mariner's Point (Minion 
Beach) next SIIturdIIy, AprU 
21st. T_t Information 
and entry fofIM _ currently 
.".bble lit .... C.,yonvlew 
RecIUtlon 0fIIce. Or c.ll !534-
4037 and ask for MIke, Scott, 
or Matt. 

Ok, how about OVER-THE-
LINE! Over-the-what? Crnon, 
y' know, that strange 3-person 
softball game they play on the 
beach in San Diego. All year 
round. You know, Otv$AC, 
Mission Beach, Chuck Cromar, • bucks, getting 1V exposure, and 

The Bud Pounders Poll 
VOLLEYBALL 
Early Bird RWlking. 
RAM. ~ 
COED AA 
1 FINITE STREET WARRIORS (2-1) 
2 CUMMING FROM BEHIND (2-1) 
3 OUR GIRLS POUND (0-0) 
4 SHORT LITHUANIANS (0-0) 
5 MORE HAIR THAN DOUG (0-0) 

"->', 

COED A , 
1 URGE TO MERG 
2 SUMDUM TEAM "."J 
3 RECLINING NUDES .. 
4 FROLICKING FORESKINS 
5 UNKNOWN FLUfDS 
6 THE T'S 
7 CHEAP LOVE TOYS 
8 HOT DIGGERS 
9 ZSA ZSA'S POGO 
10P.U.l.s 

~-O) 
(3~) 
(3-0) 
(3-0) 
(3·0) -
(3-0) 
(2-1) 
(2-1) 
(0-0) 
(2-1) 

The Bud Pap I •• paid advertt""" 
feMur. of CoMt Dlltributlnc Co. 

TEAM BADMINTON 
IiAM W:L fE£6 
COEDM 
1 SHUITLECOCK TEASERS 1-0 8-0 
2 SHUTTLE FIGHTERS 1-0 7-1 
3 TOOGOOD4U 1-0 8-0 
~ 4 SlROY KIllERS 1-0 7-1 

5 NEURAL NETS 1-0 6-2 

COED A 
1 COCK COMMANDOS 1-0 7-1 
2 CSA 1-0 5-3 
3 SWAT MY BIRDIE 1-0 5-4 
4 BIRO'S NEST SOUP 1-0 5-4 
5 MARX PROSTITUTES 1-0 5-4 

Honorable Mention: No Experienced Required (1-0, 6-2), 
Flying Cocks (1-0, 5-4) 

arts entertainment 

APRIL 12, 1990 

Just in Time for Easter ... 

x- unn man 
By Patricia Jettie 

Hiatus Editor 

The name Ian 
McCulloch has been 
linked with the liver-
pool band Echo Be the 
Bunnymen for the 
past ten years. After 
five studio albums 
and a greatest 
singles collection, the 
post-punk quartet 
had built enough of 
an American follow-
ing to fill arena 
dates. On the 
edge of cap-
turing the al-
ternative U.S. 
music scene, 
McCulloch 
abruptly left 
the group to 
pursue a solo 
career. 
See McCULLOCH, 
page 7 

Film: 

Ifl "clt' tIl!\" \Vf·{ , k \ I ~ , i f \ 

New comedies don't provoke 
many laughs. P3 

Concerts: 
A.S. Programming presents the 
Battle of the Bands. P4 



-----------

. Over-21.--
JJiKfer;l1 

Party 
Games 

Caps: Boot Factor 4 
Caps ranks so high on the college popularity scale it is more 

accurately labeled an intradorm sport. Though the concept is 
simple - throw a bottle cap in a beer to cause your opponent to 
drink - the effects can be devastating. 

Two opponents sit face-to-face on the floor, legs in front and 
spread apart. Your feet musttouch your opponent's feet, forming 
a diamond-shaped playing area. Next, a cup filled with beer is 
placed a few inches in frOnt of each player's crotch. One 
contestant then throws a bottle cap in any fashion and tries to 
make it land in his opponent's cup. 

If the throw is successful, the 10 er chugs one third or one half 
of his beer. If the cap hits the rim of the cup but does not go in, 
it IS rethrown. Three rim-shots on anyone tum, and the tosser 
must forfeit his throw and take a penalty drink. After a successful 
throw, you can play one of two ways. Either the winner gets to 
toss again, or the 10 er to es. 

Games are traditionally played to II, IS, or 21 points and are 
always "win by two." Numerous tossing styles exist, but only 
three are consistently successful: backhand, freestyle, and the 
slam dunk. Defensively, your ability to wiggle your pelvis in an 
ob cene fashion, hoot and holler, and make utte;ly foolish faces 
often proves effective in distracting opponents during their toss. 

Party Safe - Don't Drink and Drive 
The Guardian does not condone the consumption of alcohol by minors. 

Mira Mesa Eclwards Theaters 
566-1917 

Ernest Goes to Jail 
The First Power Cry Baby 

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 

University Towne Centre 
452-7766 

Cry Baby Vital Signs 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 

Crazy People The Gods Must Be Crazy 
I Love You to Death 

La Jolla Village Theaters 
453-7831 

The First Power Pretty Woman 
The Hunt for Red October 

Driving Miss Daisy 

Ken CI.e.a-283-5909 
4/14-4/17 Solaris 

4/18 &4/19 The Summer of Miss Forbes 
Every Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

Horror Picture Show 

r--------------------, I I 

! ~nel~,~e~a~J ! 
1 30 TAN DAYS $29 1 
• TRIM & TAN· UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct . • 455-0909 I 

••• 

Good news for anti-censorship: Support for 
stickering biUs seems to be eroding, as lawmak-
ers have begun to withdraw their record labeling 
bills in light of the industry's updated voluntary 
labeling program. Among the states that have 
withdrawn, defeated, or tabled labelling bills are 
Arizona, Tennessee, Maryland, West Virginia, 
and Oklahoma. Pam Horovitz, executive VP of 
the National Assn. of Recording Merchandisers, 
commented, "We welcome this encouraging 
development. It reflects the growing consensu 
in favor of the industry'S voluntary adV iSOry sys-
tem, and the growing recognition that the system 
would actually be undermined by mandatory 
state legislation." ... South African leader Nelson 
Mandela and his wife Winnie are expected to 
attend a tribute concert April 16 at London's 
Wembley Arena. Slated to perform are Simple 
Minds, Peter Gabriel, Tracy Chapman, Hugh 
Masekela, Neil Young, and the Neville Brothers, 
with Daniel Lanois and George Duke serving as 
musical directors of two "supergroups." ... Presi-
dent George Bush and Friends of the Capital 
Children's Museum honored Michael Jackson 
as Entertainer of the Decade for his philan-
thropic activities for children . Kathryn Keenan, 
Tribute Benefit Chairman, praised Jackson for 
"setting a positive and dynamic example for our 
Nation's Youth." .. . Burger King is now offering 
four separate 22-minute episodes of the "Teen-
age Mutant N inja Turtles" cartoon on video-
cassette for $3.49 with the purchase of a Burger 
King sandwich. Why so cheap? The tapes are du-
plicated in extended play (EP) mode rather than 
the better quality standard play (SP) 
mode . .. Lucasfilm Inc. is suing 2Live Crew's 
Luther Campbell, alias Luke Skkywalker, for 
tainting the "Star Wars" charac ter's image with 
his allegedly obscene recordings. "We simply 
can't take the risk of somebody mistakenly asso-
ciating the character of Luke Skywalker with Mr. 
Campbell's records or performances. I believe 
that there is a real danger that confusion will 
damage the character of Luke Skywalker," 
Lucasfilm attorney Bertram Fie lds said. 
Skyywalker's attorney Allen Jacobi retorted, 
"How anyone can confuse a character out of a 
science fiction movie and a rapper is beyond 
belief. ... .. T he Playboy Channel will start up a 
new music video show in May that will feature 
uncensored versions of videos "that can't be 
shown anywhere else," according to T om Ep-
stein, VP of marketing communications. Among 

s 
the videos to be aired are the Bee Gees' 
"Bodyguard," Aerosmith's "Love In An Eleva-
tor," and Bon lovi's "Living In Sin" ... Memoria I 
Day will feature some memorable radio programs, 
including ABC Radio Network's "Long Live 
Rock: A Memorial Day Tribute," hosted by the 
Doors' Ray Manzarek, featuring rare interviews 
with Janis Joplin andJimi Hendrix. Alsoofnote 
is Westwood One's "The BBC's BeatIes Tapes: 
The Original Masters." The six-hour special 
will include several rare Bearles tracks, including 
a Lennon/McCartney composition that never 
appeared on an album ... The 13th annual Bay 
Area Music Awards held March 17th honored, 
among others, MetalUca, Todd Rundgren, Linda 
Ronstadt, Clarence Clemons, Faith No More, 
M.C. Hammer, Tuck & Patti , and Bad English. 
Performers at the awards show included Nick 
Lowe, Bonnie Raitt, Carlos Santana, and John 
Fogerty. Conspicuously absent were old-timers 
Huey Lewis, Jerry Garcia, Grace Slick, Jour-
ney, Tower of Power, and Van Morrison ... BUI 
Cosby has just signed a recording contract to 
produce a series of jazz albums for Polygram's 
Verve label. The first of the series, Where You 
Lay Your Head, is due out this month .. . Ray 
Charles has signed an exclusive, worldwide re-
cording contract with Warner Bros. Records. 
Charles' latest work has included a duet with 
Chaka Khan "I'll Be Good to You" from Quincy 
Jones' Back on the Block album (which is cur-
rently on its eleventh week at No.1 on the Black 
Albumschart) ... Justanother Brick in the Wall: 
East Berlin band Die Vision included a small 
chunk of the Berlin wall in a Zip- lock bag con-
taining its promotional tape, featured at the South 
by Southwest Music & Media Conference in 
Austin, T exas ... Bonnie Raitt's multiple-
Grammy-winning album Nick of Time, which 
took a full year to reach No. 1 on the Billboard 
charts, is Capitol Records' first number one 
album since Heart's self-titled album five years 
ago. Interestingly enough , Raitt's album has not 
yet spawned a Top 40 hit. Her current single 
"Have A Heart" peaked at No. 49 ... Newalbums 
out: Heart's Brigade (April 10) , Little Feat's 
Representing the Mambo (Apr il 10), Suzanne 
Vega's Days of Open Hand (April 17), and Lou 
Reed's and John Cale's tribute toAndy Warhol, 
Songs far Drella (April 24 ). 

- Information compiled from press releases and 
Billboard Magazine . 

EASTER SPECIAL!! 
Factory Outlet Clothing 

Blowout Sale!! 
• 

• Tweeds/Picante/Esprit • 
Other brand names cannot be mentioned 
due to incredibly low prices!! 
All items 50% to 90% Below Retail! 
r------------------, I 
I 

COUPON 

10% DISCOUNT 
I 
I 

I for all students & facuUy I L __________________ ~ 

Jeans $10 a up 
Shorts $6 a up 
Sweaters $10 a up 
Tops $S aup 

Sweats $5 & up 
Jackets $15 & up 

I Pacific Beach' MissionValley • State College· Sports Arena I 
1.- - - - - Lose 6';-Guaranteed! - - - - - II Go 4 lights east of the 805 SALEI .., 

off Miramar Rd. to J I European Body Wrap -Only $48 I 8250 Camino Santa Fe I -= J ~ 

Friday & Saturday from 10 a,m, to 6 p.m . • Sunday from 12 noon to'S p.m. 

" " 

I NOla~\:r!~~t~~~~~~~~~t~~~oo!~~~lSmarks~ .. - .JI Hotline: 450-3323 1~';;~'~1 "" '.1" - .... - ..•• · ........... R <I . i I ~ 
L ________ - - - - - - - - - - - - .. ------------___ ... __ -' ... ___ ... __________ -' .... 

2 HIATUS APRil 12 1990 

@ f i 1m 
'/ Love You to Death' 
A 'Lave'-able Cast, But ... 

By Heleoa Leog Lob 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

No doubt "I Love You to Death" will draw in many unsus-
pecting movie-goers with its promising cast. You'd think they 
couldn't miss with Kevin Kline, Tracy Uilman, River Phoenix, 
William Hurt, and Keanu Reeves, right? Wrong. 

You know you're in trouble when you see the massive an-
nouncement at the opening of the film: "This movie is based on 
a true story." The true story of how one woman decided she'd 
rather see her libidinous husband dead -literally - than with 
another woman. Yeah, right. This world would be in for a lot of 
trouble if these characters existed in real life. 

Maybe they're supposed to be caricatures of real people -
but instead the characters in "I Love You to Death" end up as 
buffoons of the slapstick comedy genre. This was not entirely 
the actors' fault: the screenplay just did not provide any incen-
tive for a performance worth any good laughs. _ 

The philandering Joey .Boca (played by Kline, looking much 
like a young Robin Williams) was neither loveable nor hateable 
- just predictable. Joey's excuse for everything, "Hey, I'm 
Italian," wore thin about 10 minutes into the movie; his 
Romeo-inspired declarationoflovc in the final scene was about 
as bland as oatmeal and just as mushy. 

Ullman, as the docile-turned-vengeful housewife ROsie, did 
what she could with a character left underdeveloped in the 
script. Her hilarious facial exp;cssions would have won over the 
most bored crowd had they been given enough prominence. 

Not surprisingly, the side characters were mote memorable 
• in their bizarreness than Joey and Rosie. Unfortunately, they 

were also memorably ridiculous and annoying. . 
River Phoenix plays Devo, a young waiter at Joey's ' pizza 

parlor who is in love with Rosie. Devo's exaggerated "hippie" 
get-ups and new age philosophies, combined with his "well I'm 

See LOVE, page 8 

'Grazy People' Only Earns a Chuckle 
By Patricia Jettie 

Hiatus Editor 
Everyone at one time or another has caught to lure Leeson back into the business world. The 

themselves singing a catchy tune associated with a courtship blossoming between Leeson and Burgess is 
product. Haven't you ever wished that companies complicated by Drucker's greed and the corruption of 
would just tell the truth abom their product, instead the sanitarium administrator, Dr. Horace Koch (Ben 
of glossing over its features with false gimmicks and Hammer) . 
peppy tunes ? "Crazy People," the latest Paramount Despite the wide range of satirical possibilities in 
release, builds on this idea of advert is ing a product mocking the corporate world and the mentally dis-
by exploiting its actual features . Although it has all curbed, the characters fail to develop even an inkling 
the right ingredients for a successful comedy, the of depth. Just because the film has a comic slant does 
mock advertisements are the only spicy element in not diminish the necessity for a multidimensional 
this bland film. character portrayal. The bad guys are stereotypically 

Thefilm, star- v i II i a no us , 
ring Dudley which is vaguely 
Moore and Daryl humorous. For 
Hannah, isalove instance, when 
story of sorts . It he informs Lee-
opens with son that Burgess 
Emory Leeson is trapped in the 
(Moore) on the san ita r i u m , 
verge of a nerv- Koch is so campy 
ous breakdown one can almost 
caused by the imagine him in 
urge to shrug off a long cape , 
t he dishonesty twirling a black 
pervading h is ., handle-bar 

I d Emory Leeson (Dudley Moore, left) tTles to convince Stephen moustache. persona an . 
business life. He Bachman (Paul Reiser) on the policy of truth. The most 
begins to create ad copy that describes the corporate obvious, and unfortunate, editing of a character's role 
world with brutal, but hysterical, honesty. was Reiser's portrayal of Bachman. He is a talented 

The company he works for ships him off to the actor, yet his character was never allowed to show 
Bennington Sanitarium where his partner Stephen whether he succumbed to the greed of the corporate 
Bachman (Paul Reiser) assures him that he will be world or supported Leeson in his quest for the truth. 
"fixed up in no time." It is in the sanitarium that Yet the film does have its moments, specifically the 
Leeson meets Kathy Burgess (Hannah) and an odd potentially controversial false advertisements. Usu-
gallery of harmless psychotics. ally, a company will glad ly pay exorbitant fees in order 

Back in the corporate world, Leeson's copy acci- to have their product used in a film. Based on the film's 
dentally reaches print, capturing both the public's approach to the ad campaigns, one canonly guess that 
interest and their pocket books. The company presi- the companies featured in the movie were nor broached 
dent, Charles F. Drucker (J .T. Walsh), eagerly tries See CRAZY, page 4 

THEATREWORKS 11D~£ 
Pll£SENTS 

ASSORTED 

TOP TEN: 
-I Do NOT WANT WHAT I HAVEN'T GOT 

DARK AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL 
. ·7. THE CHURCH-GOLD AFTERNOON FIX 

. ~. NlTzER EBB-SHOWTIME 
9. THE MISSION U.K.-CARVED IN SAND 
10. JOHNNY CLEGG & SAVUKA-tRUEL, CRAZY, BEAUTIFUL WORLD 



Local Bands Battle It Out 
By Kendy H urd 

Contriburing Write r 

Ethiopian Cuisine Tempts 
The Adventurous 

If you heard a strange cacaphony of sounds on publicity and notoriety. Although a good num-
campus last Friday, such as booms, bangs, pops, ber of the bands are participating for the cash 
and screeches, then you were experiencing the and fame; some are just there for the good, clean 
sound of war. fun of it. The battle was put together, as oq:an-

By C hristian Hertzog 
Contributing Writer 

Last Friday was the first offense of the A.S. izer Matt Schnurer explainpd: underthe helpful 
Battle of the Band at the Triton Pub, where a finance of the Associated Students, the college 
colorful (mostly dressed in black) and numerous councils, and various other sponsors. Schnurer 
crowd laughed and got "sensi tized" by such bands wished to stress that these events arc free so there 
as Elvis Christ and Hard riiiiiii;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;' are no apprehensions 
N MOist, and shook it up I I holding one back from 
with others like Helicop- experiencing six bands a 
t er, The Abyss, Gin mght. 
Soaked Boy, and Vicious You n ever know, one 
Butterfly Fantasy. of these bands might be 

Beginning at eight o'clock, the battle was the the next [fill in the current hip band]. Schnurer 
first of five nights where the great audience of went on to say that if the Battle of the Bands is 
UCSD could watch some of their fellow students successful, it may JUSt reappear next year, possi-
and San Diegans rock out in the hope of emerging bly in W inter qua,tter. 
as the conquering band. So it is a good soldier's duty to gather up your 

The list of participants is long, numbering 24 in ammo and head on out to experience a true, 
total. All are battling it out over the course of the gritty, musical battle. The next attack is tonight, 
month unci! the grand finale in May, with the April 12. Enter the din at the Pub to see Sub 
hope of winning the grand prize of $400 and the Society, Blister Chicken, Me and Baby Gin, Sad 
privilege of performing at the Sun God Festival HuMinstreIs,Apparition,andTheDoodleLoom 
this Spring, not to mention the immeasurable Tools - and remember it is FREE. 

Your Decision. fOur Choice. 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immediate 

Test Results 
• Preg nancy 

Termination 
• General or Local 

Ane the ia 
• Affordable 

Birth ontrol 
• Stude nt Di cou nt 

The College line 
535-1379 

r.hr.'t .L ' ~ncflo,ce 
Family Pln"''';rg 

Assoc/n!!s 
Medicnl Croup 

"Doesn 't 
every 
Pre-med 
deserve 
a choice?" 

Tom Garew, M.D. (VAG '75) 
Cardiologtst 
Houston, Texas 

INTERNATIONAL 
HOUSE 
1990/91 

Pick up Applications 

• raldeDt ..... '. 
• lat'lce ... 
• ........... dI_ 
• k/ps allice 

Due April 27 

Despite the many prevailing 
myth about Ethiopian food, the 
African country has unique cui-
sine and dining customs. Experi-
ence them (. r yourse If a t the Eth io-
pia Restaurant in Pacific Beach. 

While Ethiopia Restaurant does 
have tables, one section is parti -
tioned off with hanging beads for 
the full Ethiopian dining experi-
ence. Diners congregate around a 
straw table that comes to about 
knee-height. 

There are no utensils; dinner is 
served on a large platter, with a 
layer of enjera, a warm, spongy 
bread, underneath the emrees. 
Most of these entrees are small bits 
of meat covered with spicy sauces, 
and lentilorspLit-pea preparations. 
More enjera is placed around the 
platter to be used as "utensils." 
The less adventurous can resort to 
traditional knives and forks. 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

''The righ t choice was there w hen I 
needed it . I ma d e that choice, and n ow I'm 
a physician. My alma mate r may b e jus t 
r ight for you. It's your choice." 

IiSTANLEY H. KAPlAN & Take Kaplan Or Take Your Chances 
Universidad Autonoma de Guadalajara 
School of Medicine 
Guadalajara, Mexico 
The I nternational Choice 

For your free video preview call : 1-800-531·5494 

4780 Clairemont Mesa Blvd . 
San Diego, CA 92117 

(619) 277-6744 
For other locations ca1l 800-KAP-TEST 

4 HIATUS APRIL 12, 1990 

Dinner begins with a sambussa, 
a flaky dough turnover fi lled with 
lightly spiced lentils or beef that is 
particularly tasty wi th the 
restaurant's hot sauce. The tradi-
tional drink of Ethiopia is cei, a 
wine brewed from honey. It tastes 
like asweetwhite wine mixed with 
honey, and is a great chaser for the 
more spicy entrees. 

Many of the emrees are hot, as 
many desert cultures serve spicy 
foods to induce sweating, which in 
turn cools the body. Of particular 
mention at Ethiopia Restaurant 
are zegnie, small beef cubes in a 
very spicy sauce; kitfo, rare chopped 
beef flavored with a butter made 
with berebere, a hot red pepper; 
and yemisir kikwat, extremely spicy 
lentils in a texture resembling re-
fried beans. For those who don't 
like spicy foods, the yebeg ribs may 

See ETHIOPIA, page 8 

Crazy 
Continued from page 3 
on the idea. "Because of the nature 
of what we were doing, we thought 
it would be smarter to just go 
ahead," producer Tom Barad said 
in a recent interview. 

The products targeted ranged 
from motor vehicles ("Jaguar. . .for 
men who'd like hand jobs from 
beautiful women they hardly 
know") to airlines ("Fly United 
because most of our passengers get 
there alive") . both the copy and 
the layout of the mock ads poked 
fun at the product'S flaws with 
brutal honesty. For everyone who 
ever despised wading through the 
commercial breaksduringa televi-
sion show, it's a dream come true. 

Regardless of the enormous free 
promotion they received, several 
companies have vocalized con-
cerns. "United Airlines h as de-
manded to see it [prior to its re-
leasel, "Barad laughed, leaning 
back in his chair. "For seven dol-
lars, let them go and see it with all 
the rest of us. Metamusal had also 
expressedsomeconcem. But Volvo 
has expressed their opinion that 
we're right, they ~re boxy." 

Barad did not eem overly 
concerned with the possibility of 
potential lawsuits. "Let them 
come," he shrugged. "You've got 
to have a sense of humor in life. I 
think what we say is mainly based 
on the truth. The parodies are 
parodies of advert ising, W e're not 
really saying anything negative 
about anyone's product." 

"Crazy People" can be classi-
fied as a "cute" comedy, perfect if 
you just want to spend a Saturday 
afternoon being entertained by 
amusing one-liners. Don't expect 
this fi lm to proVide anything more 
than superficial entertainment. 
Although it's true that you cannot 
make a good movie out of a bad 
script, .a good script can fail to 
reach its potentia l when poorly 
edited . 

FILM: "Cra:zy People." Directed by 
Tony Bill. Produced by Tom Bara<!. 
Wrilten by Mitch Markowitz. A Para -
mount picture staJring Dudley Moore 
and Daryl Hannah. 

Lee to break UCSD out ortts School Daz e: 

Movies Spiked With Conscience 
By Mi ke Martinez, Contributing Writer 

and Lara Heisler, Hiatus Contributing Editor 

You must say this about Spike 
Lee's art - it's a category unto 
itself. 

transported to some place you've 
never been before. You're in the 
theater down the street, seeing 
things that already exist in a new 
light. 

uniqueness of black culture. Lee 
accomplishes this goal in a style 
that is completely his own -often 
at the risk of shocking conserva-
tives. 

Lee's movies could be called 
somewhat self-conscious. The 
characters on-screen often speak 
directly to the audience. It is a~ 
most as though they want to make 
sure you are paying attention and 
learning something. You're not 

In Lee's films, we see both the 
compe lling and the trivial. "Do 
the Right Thing" and "School 
Daze" both show us the frustration 
that is common to the black expe-

Lee has a history of breaking 
from the status quo. He attended 
NYU film school, where he was 
the prove rbi al thorn in the 
establishment'sside_ He madea LO 
minute film ca lled "The Answer" 
which blew the doors off D.W . 
Griffith's "Birth of a NatIOn" and 
its racist overtones. 

rience, con-
trasted wi th the 
syncopa ted 
energy and fun 
of street dance. 
W e see contra-
dictions side by 
side. Rage. Fun. 
Ragged juxta-
position. No 
smooth transi-
tions or seam-
less dissolves 
here. Thesearns 
show. That's 
Spike Lee. 

Lee found it hard getting work 
after NYU, and needed a script 
that could be filmed for as li ttle as 
possible, yet had commercial po-
tential. The result was the 1986 
"She's Gotta Have It," the story of 
a liberated black woman and her 
three lovers. 

Fi lmed for only $175,000, the 
movie had few sets, costumes, 
locations, and actors. Lee himself 
played the role of Mars Blackmon , 
that endeari ngly annoying persona 
you see in N ike commercials. Mars 
seems to be an apt metaphor for 
Lee's place in the Hollywood busi-
ness. 

Spike Lee will speak on campus tomorrow. 

He has vi-
sion, and his 
mission is to use 
the film me-
dium, the uni-
versa I language, 
to tell stories 
and send mes-
sages about the 

Despite shoddy acting in spots, 
"She's Gotta Have It" was a hit 
because of its sheer ghetto rhythm 
and energy, grossing $7 million. 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• A~§~ l1JECCJT1UJRJE N(Q)1rJE§ • • • • • 
• • 
• • 
• Located in the Old Student • 
• • 
• Center adjacent to • 
• • 
• Soft Reserves • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• Open Mon-Fri 10-4 • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• CURRENT CLASSES FOR SPRING 1990; • 
• • 
• BIOLOGY 1 CSE70 • 
• • 
• BIOLOGY 2 ECON1A • 
• • 
• BIOLOGY 3 ECON2C • 
• BIOLOGY 10 ECON100B • • • 
• BIOLOGY 13 ECON 174 • 
• • 
• BIOLOGY 106 PHILOSOPHY 10 • 
• • 
• BIOLOGY 111 PHILOSOPHY 27 • 
• • 
• BIOLOGY 115 PHYSICS lC • 
• CHEMISTRY 6A-N PHYSICS2B • 
• • 
• CHEMISTRY 6B-C POLl SCI 10 • 
• • 
• CHEMISTRY 6B-W POLl SCI 12 • 
• • 
• CHEMISTRY 6C-F PSYCHOLOGY 105 • 
• CHEMISTRY 6C-T PSYCHOLOGY 129 • • • 
• CHEMISTRY 13 PSYCHOLOGY 139 • 
• • 
• CHEMISTRY 140B SOCIOLOGY 10 • 
• • 
• CHEMISTRY 140C • 
• • 
• • 
• Lecture Notes are $13.00 for the quarter. • • • 
• • 
• • 
• We also have and extensive list of archives from • 
• • 
• past quarters. Many are from courses which are • 
• • 
• being taught currently by the same professor. • 
• • 
• Old notes are only $9.00. • 
• • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Columbia financed his next proj-
ect, the musical "School Daze." It 
was a funny send- up of his days at 
Morehouse, and was surely the first 
film to feature a production num-
ber based on that stirring nappy vs. 
straight hair debate. 

The more central conflict of 
"Daze" was the poi ntless rivalry of 
the dark-skinnedjigaboos with the 
light-skinned wanna-bee's (as in 
wannabe white) . In a totally jar-
ring climax, the entire cast joins 
together to deliver the message, 
"Wake up! Don't le t yourself be 
divided into factions over triVial 
matters." 

In his breakthrough film, 
Universal's"Do The RightThing," 
Lee took on the central ro le of 
Mookie, a pizza delivery man for 
Sal's Pizzeria m Brooklyn. H e's a 
money-grubbing protagonist , 
rather detached from the bitter-
ness of the other b lacks in Bed ford-
Stuy. 

The film opens on the hottest 
day in history, with a sexy dance 
by Rosie Perez. Perez seems to be 
punching at us (her audience) with 
boxing gloves to the rhythm of a 
rap-jazz hybrid. T alk about con-
f1iet - you could see from the very 
beginning of this movie that the 
audience is going to be "woken 
up,lt 

Lee's Bedford-Stuy is sort of a 
stylized reality, wi th hues of the 
movie seeming to be heat itself, in 
bright reds and blinding yellows. 
The rich characterization and 
subtext throughout the movie are 
unmarred by the presence of drugs 

o r other distract ions - the issue IS 
only racism. Everybody hates ev-
erybody else. Blacks, Puerto-Ri-
cans, Koreans, and ltaliansswelter 
in an uneasy coexistence. 

What the film boils down to IS 
that there is no black and whi te, 
there is no right or wrong - ev-
eryth ing consists of shades of gray. 
This movie offers no heroes, and 
no villains. 

The audience is put into the 
somewhat uncomfortable position 
of both sympathizing and bemg 
furious with all of the characters 
and their actions. Unfortunately, 
no one docs the right thing. 

There was some talk that "Do 
the Right Thing" would incite 
rio ts. It didn't do that, but the 
ending quote from Malcolm X 
("violence in self-defense is intel-
I igence") sparked much discussion. 
That's all it was ever intended to 
do. This Oscar-caliber work was 
snubbed by the Academy. Such is 
the lot of visionaries. 

Spike Lee will be lecturing 
tomorrow night at 8 p.m. in the 
UCSD Gym. His next film, "A 
Love Supreme," featuring Denzel 
Washington, offers a rather tame 
love-career conflict. As this film is 
not Lee's trademark "angry" or 
"antagonistic" film, audiences may 
be taken aback. 

Lee's recurring theme , how-
ever, of the good and evil in a ll 
people should remain . A well-
written movie about the black 
experience is good entertainment 
for everyone . Lee's track record 
bears this out. 

rected by 
Gyorgy Szomjas 
In Hunga rian 
w ith English subtitles 

"A cheer/wI, cheeky, cock-eyed 
road movie" New York Times 

April 17 
Tuesday 
8:00 p.m. 

·=er 
. $3.00 

UCSD 
'BOX 
OFFICE: 
5344559 

SPECIAL STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

SAUCONYPrestigeMid 
Superior support and cu.hioning 
make ""is ~ Ij shoe ideal for 
high· and /ow·impact o ... obia. 

SALE $62.89 
Reg. $74.95 

NIKE Air Delto F~oce . 
SALE $49.89 
Reg. $74.95 

leather Hi-Top • Air Cushion 

10% OFF already 
diKoun~ prices WIth 

student I.D.' 
'£odud. ............ -. 

5590 LA JOLlA Pal YD. (NEXT TO THE FRENCH PASTRY) 45CJ..4666 
"EVERYTHING WE SEll IS DISCOUNTED" 

5 HIATUS APRIL 1 2 1990 



--

MOve into a new decade 
with 

'THE 

AND MANY MORE! 

'An' aU new iaseF 
,. show! 

Panda Country Makes Chinese 
Food Elegant, Yet Affordable 

Lara Heisler 
Contributing Editor 

Whether you like your Chinese food fast and 
simple or fancy and sophisticated, La Jolla's Panda 
Country Restaurant will cater to your taste, This 
elegant new restaurant, which opened in the 
nearby Regents Park Row last January, has re-
cently added a more modest fast-food facility. to 
its formal dining room 
. After dining at Panda Country, it's hard to 
distinguish what is the most impressive aspect: of 
the experience: both the decor and the cuisine 
are overwhelming. In a recent interview, Man-
ager Ken Lee jokingly asserted, "We are not a red 
lantern Chinese restaurant." The atmosphere is 
indeed a channing combination of classic Chi-
nese images influenced by modem California 
style. 

tacular fixture of the restaurant is an illuminat-
ing etched glass diorama. Consisting of nine 
pieces of juxtaposed glass, this work simulates 
the traditional Chinese painting, but adds a 
three -dimensional effect. 

Owner Rick Li~id. "We wanted a California 
version of a Chinese restaurant." In maintaining 
this philosophy, the restautant provides al fresco 
dining for up to 45 people. 

No dining experience, however, would be 
complete without th.efood. Great Chinese food 
is a joy to find, yet in La Jolla it is not easy to come 
by. As Manager Lee claims, "La Jolla is a nice 
area because there aren't too maoy Chinese res-
taurants at this point." 

Playing on conven- RESTAURANT: Panda Country Restaurant. 4150 
tional themes of Chinese Regents Park Row ... 190, La Jolla. 552-1345. Restau-

To be honest, the 
food was delicious. Each 
dish seemed to surpass 
the last. To begin with, 
we had the Po Po platter 
($8.95), which offered a 

restaurants such aspanda rant hours; Sun.-Thur. 11 a.m.-l0 p.m .• Fri. II a.m.-
bears, fish tanks, and \0;30 p.m., Sat. noon-\O;30 p.m. paintings replete with L.._...;. _____________ ... 

bamboo, Panda Country expands on the staples, 
creating a spectacle. 

sampling of the restaurant's best appetizers. 

"' __ AUTOPORT MAll MIRAMAR __ 
Upon entering the dining room, the diner is 

greeted by an assortment of six hand-made ce-
ramic panda bearS which are placed upon a glass 
podium iUuminated by muln-color, fiber-optic 
lights. Incorporated into this scene, real bamboO 
shoots stretch to the ceiling, creating a forest-like 
setting. 

In addition to the predictable fried won-tons 
and pork spare ribs, the dish included skewered 
beef that you cooked for yourself at your table, a 
tasty fISh roll, and the restaurant's original "gold 
finger," which is a deep-fried combination of 
shrimp and banana. This particular appetizer 
was incredible. It was completely innovative 
and entirely sCrumpfious. 

roMS Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 

A hundred- gallon bubble fISh tank is placed 
in the recesses of the far wall, displaying a myriad 
of coLorful, exotic salt water fish. The most. spec-

.. __ , ___ . __ ----------------~ 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
7 

. ~ 

'Must present coupon and valid UCSD ID at time of estimate. 
Not valid w ith r.lajor engine or transmission repairs. 

r M_ CALL CALIFORNIA J 1450-9494 1 !~ 
-If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 

About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 

5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I_ .............. u __ .............. .... 

Our summer catalog lists more than 300 counes to cboose from-
in everything under the sun. 

CalII-800-FlNDS NU lin IllinoiS, call 708/491.4114) or mail this coupon. 

6 HIATUS Arfm 1 2 1 c;nc 

Anorher highlight of the meal was the "House-
Special Duck". The dish consisted of roast duck 

Pleue see PANDA, 8 

McCulloch 
Continued from page 1 

". felt we had run our course as 
a band," McCulloch explained in 
a recent telephone intervi~w. "It 
was getting harder and harder to 
write songs. I don't think we were 
communicating as people, which 
was nobody's fault, really. It's just 
the nature of being in a band for 10 
years." 

Nothing but time can be attrib-
uted [0 the maturation of this once 
brash young vocalist. Currendyon 
tour to promote his Sire/Reprise 
debut, Candleland, McCulloch will 
perform his recent work, as well as 
past Bunnymen hits, at the 
Bachannal this Saturday night. 

The Candleland tour joins the 
singer with a new quartet aptly 
entitled the Prodigal Sons. Com-
prised of "friends of friends," the 
group includes Mike Mooney, 
rhythm guitarist on the 1983 
Bunnymen tour. 

repeat his past mis-
takes. "The Bun-
nymen always toured 
kind of erratically for 
the first five years," 
McCulloch laughed. 
"In England , we 
toured about a lot, 
but elsewhere it was 
just sort of when we 
felt like it. Looking 
back on it. it was a 
mistake. At the time 
we thought it was 
quite cool, because 
every other band 
seemed to be trying 
really hard to make it 
and we weren't. It 
was a mistake in one 
way, but it wasn't in 
another, because if 
we had gone that way 
we might have had 
less good materiaL" 

Candleland, re-
leased in the later 
half of 1989, has 
failed to make its 
mark on the charts. 
The album, stripped 
of the attitudes char-

"There were no auditions or 
anything," McCulloch Sighed. "It 
was just like 'Let's learn the songs.' 
We're all so different, but so like a 
proper group ... It doesn't mean 
we're the greatest group in the 
world yet, but it feels like we could 
be." 

acteristicofhis work Ian McCulloch ... Will he hop into success? 

The quartet could become a 
perman~nt quintet, McCulloch 
claimed. "We're definitely doing 
the next album. It's not just up to 
me, it's up to them. I wanted us ali 
to grow, to feel like a group." 

Regardless of the line-up, 
McCulloch is determined not to 

with the Bunnymen, 
has a lusher, warmer sound. "Proud 
to Fall," the first single, captured 
the number one position on 
Billboard's Modern Rock tracks. 
Its successor, "Faith and Healbg," 
is currently climbing the charts. 

Yet neither McCulloch norrhe 
Bunnymen have ever been known 
for [heir vast commercial success. 
Like many artists who appeal to 

Statistical CDDsaltID. Available 
Research DesIgn 
Data Entry 
Statistical Data Analysis 
Interpretat10n 01 Results 

15 years exp., fast service, academic rates 
Call: IaIilCR ....... .,. .alleD 

1-800-955-7177 

Community Mobilization Conference 
Gangs, Drugs and Violence 

Saturday, April 14, 1990 
THIRD COLLEGE, TLH 107 
8 a.m. to 3 p.m. 
Keynote Speaker: 

Dr. George McKenna 
Guest PreSeffters Incwik: 

Ron Johnson, State Consuttant with Hleh Risk Youth 
and 
Jerry Tello, Project Coordinator, CalifornIa Consortium of 
Child Abuse CouncU 

Spolfsored by 
Nu-Way Youth Center - Ganc Diversion Project 
Neiehborhood Houle M.oc:lat lon 
UCSD third Col .... 
San Dleco State University 
United States N.vy 

U f':':' I' ! 1 II/l Ull ' "/n 
A(I"II F",· "25 
YOuttl (ll ,Hu t Ulld('r) SctlOl,H.., tlljJ'" ,l\,lIldtlll' 

For addUiorud tlf.fo""altON aNd reg1straltolf form, please 
cOlflact: 

Nu-Way Youth Center 
5083 Lop n Avenue, 5l1li 0"10, CA 92113, (619)627'()171 
Nu-Way You'b Senllce C~.'er, " CO"'flOlU'.' of'be Nelgbborhood 
Hou ... A .. oclnlloll, I. aJulJftll~ DWerslo" SNpport Senllee. 
progra .... W .. /I .... " oo.·prqft, eo,,,mu.lly /Hued orga.awl .... 
.ervlrrg (pri .. nrlly) ,be SoU'Has' Sao. DNgo area. Our ga.g 
dlverslorl proj«' I. delig.ed '0 provide g""8 dlverslo. suppa,., 
.ervlce. '0 gllrrg __ rl aNd blgb rid, youtb, lJefu".e.tbe IIges 
13 10 17 year. oUt 

the college/alternative crowd, he 
finds it difficult to cross over the 
chart barrier that surrounds the 
Top 40 format. "In America, it 
seems to be purely accidental if 
you have a hit," he said. 

McCulloch hopes that the 
Candle land tour will not only boost 
record sales, but also make long-
standing fans accept the 

SAT LSAT 
GMAT GRE 

Test Preparation Courses 
Experienced Faculty 
Lecture Course 
In·Class Practice Exams 
Score in top 25% or take next 
course free 

For. ,,.. brochu,. cell: S1./2e0.457S 
or write: UnlMraity 01 San 01.., 

T.at Prepa,.tIon Course. . s.". H.n :l 1 a 
Aka,,1 P ..... s •• DIogo. CII 12110 

Bunnymen's split as 
permanent. Theone-
month [Our, which' is 
scheduled [0 s[OP 
only in major mar-
kets around the U .S., 
is being booked at 
venues with capaci-
ties for approx i-
mately 2000 fans . 
Although the move 
is based on the mar-
ketstrategy of under-
selling shows, it is 
also due to 
McCulloch's per-
sonal preference for 
performing before a 
smaller crowd. 

"I think it's stupid 
for me [0 go and play 
three thousand seat 
venues," McCulloch 
explained, "except 
for in New York 
which was two-and-
a-half thousand. I 
don't think I can 
command as many 
people just yet, be-
cause I think it's so 
new to people. 

"I think a lot of 

tive audiences often present at 
Bunnymen shows, the vocalist 
finds that his audience is quite a 
diverse cross section of music lis-
teners. 

"[The audience is] some girls, 
some boys," McCulloch chuckled. 
''There are a lot of normal people. 
They're not gothic. I mean, I do 
get a few of the people whose hair 
sticks up and stuff. In fact, there 
are quite a lot of them, but they're 
not the kind of horrible black hair 
and ugly types. It's usually the 
better -dressed types. It 

McCulloch, himself usually 
sporring a brown mop of.hair that 
falls into his eyes, claims that one 
of the more appealing aspects of 
touring the U.S. is the chance to 
mee t different types of peop Ie. The 
strain of touring, however, can take 
its toll on close personal relation-
ships. With a wife and daughter 
back in England, McCulloch of-
ten finds himself torn between 
wanting to spend time with his 
family and the necessity of pro-
moting his work. 

people as well aren't 
even that aware that it's me doing 
to the solo tour, the fellow who 
was in Echo and the Bunnymcn. 
I'm convinced that they don't 
know my name IS associated with 
the Bunnymen." 

"No matter how hard you try to 
be attentive, you know you're not," 
McCulloch said. "On [Our, you 
just become one-dimensional, but 
that one dimension becomes a very 
big dimension." 

It will be interesting to see if, 
unlinked from the security of the 
past, McCulloch's live show will 
be able to do justice to his multidi-
mensional album. 

In light of recent concert sell-
outs, however, obscurity is not a 
problem McCulloch will have [0 
face. Unlike the hardcore alterna-

CONCERT: Lan McCulloch [0 play 
the Bacchanal. Sat. night, 8:30 p. m. 
Tickets available at all Tickermaster 
outlets. Z78-TIXS. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Ills/ruc/or's Course Readers 

Ca~ C[]py 
• SELF SERVICE COPIERS 

• VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

• Free Parking 
• Book Binding 

.,.!I J I{olltltll' (I. (Ht'\ll o /JfHHlllo, P ,:: tI ) 452-9949 

HOLY WEEK 
SERVICES 
Sponsored by che Catholic Student Community 
and the Catholic Community ac UCSD 

Holy Thursday. April 12 
Mass of the Lord's Supper, 7:30 p.m. 
at the University Lutheran Church 

Good Friday. April 13 
Service of the Lord's Passion and Death, 
6 p.m. at the University Lutheran Church 

Easter Vigil. Saturday. April 14 
Vigil Service, 10 p.m. in the Ballroom 
of the Price Center 

Easter Sunday. Aprj! 15 
Easter Morning Mass, 10 a.m. in the 
Ballroom of the Price Center 

For more infonnation. call 453-1855 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

-



. . 

by Mark 
Women $17 (reg . $25) 

Men $14 (reg .. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

Perm & Haircut or $50 
Highlight & Haircut 

Psychology Majors 
INFORMATION MEETING 

Find out about 
NEW MAJOR requirements 
NEW COURSES and changes in courses 
HONORS seminar & program 
GRADUATE programs in psychology 
CAREER opportunities 

Thursday, April 12 at 4 p.11L 
1110 Psychology & Linguistics Builditlg 

_==TURERS 
Some straight 'A' 
options fro111 EFG 

Guaranteed and non-guaranteed loans. Line of credie 
FleXible budget plans. Given the high co t of higher 
education , it's e scntial [0 have more than one 
financing option [0 covcr your tuition co ts. That's 
why The Educational Financing Group of 
Manufacturers Hanover offer a traight 'A' 
lineup of option de igned [0 help 
you achle\e )our academic 
financial objectives. 

It's as easy as EFG: No onc e1~c 
offers a more comprehenSive 
range of options . Because no 
one else understands your 
need better than the 
Educational Financing 
Group. Call u at 
1-800-MHT-GRAD 
and go (0 the 
head of 
the class . 

1·.!fUJI Opporlllnll \ I .C IH.kr 
\kmbcr I 1)1( 

\ 

Ethiopia 
Continued from page 4 
bejusta atisfying. Thedish,lamb 
fried with pepper and onion, i 
not too distant a ta te from Greek 
gyros. 

The re taurant also offer a di h 
which i not for the queamish-
gored-gored, cubes of raw beef 
marinated in a mustard auce. It is 
surpri inglydelicious, although the 
experience of chewing uncooked 
beef can be nervewracking f, r 
some. After a couple of these cubes, 
you'll be refilling your gla s of rej. 

The ambiance is very casual 
and the ervice is leisurely. If you 
wanted to have a very ophisti-
cated night on the town, you might 
not want to bring your date here. 
However, there is a sort of poor-
student hic about the place that 
ome might find appealing. 

Mo t of the entree are under 
$9, and come with sambussa and 
baklava. Dinner for two, with 
drink , will be in the low twenties 
if you order regular entrees. The 
cheapest way to eat and ample 
the menu i to go with six to eight 
people and have everyone order a 
different entree. 

Ethiopia Restaurant ha a lunch 
menu from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m., with 
combination specials for under $5. 

Ethiopia Re taurant, formerly 

the Blue Nile, till has a ign vi -
ible from the r ad calling it by the 

ld name. To get there from 
UCS , take 1-5 south to the 
Balboa-Garnet exit. Make a right 
on Garnet, and keep your eyes 
peeled; it' in the back of a little 
mall right after that light, just 
be£' re Mount Soledad Road. 

Panda 
Continued from page 6 
strips stuffed with ground hrimp. 
A mildly spicy play of sauces and 
oils highlighted the taste of the 
duck and shrimp ($11.75). 

The only complaint that could 
be lodged against the meal would 
be that the tea was particularly 
weak and somewhat tasteless. If 
you like to drink something other 
than hot water, however, I recom-
mend that you order a drink from 
the full service bar. 

While the aforementioned 
prices are certainly competitive in 
the gourmet market, the more 
modest desires of students can be 
satiated through the Panda 
Country's fa t food alternative. 

Lee explained, "We think the 
UCSD students will benefit from 
our fast food restaurant, because 
not only will they enjoy the good 
food, but also the reasonable 

Achievement 

Educational 
Financing (;roup 

8 HIA TlJS APRIL 12, 1990 

price ." 
All food is prepared by the arne 

chef: for th the fa t£'o I bar and 
the restaurant it elf. Lee a ures 
that one could come in for a hearty 
lunch and pend ab ut the ame 
am unt that it would co t for a 
meal at McDonald's. Hiatus sug-
gests you experience thi for y ur-
elf. 

Whether you have five dollars 
and an hour lunch break or the 
de ire to treat yourself to an ele-
gant sit-down meal, Panda Coun-
try will surely fulfill your craving 
for Chinese cuisine. 

Love 
Continued from page 3 
a sensitive young man" pouts, suc-
ceed in alienating the audience 
from any po sible sympathy with 
his place in life as the young puppy 
in love. 

Both Keanu Reeves and Wil-
liam Hurt have little to work with 
in their characters as the two 
drugged-out cousins, Harlin and 
Marlin, hired to kill Joey. Hurt's 
bland portrayal of the long-haired 
Marlin was rather disappointing 
coming from an actor capable of 
great depth. 

Reeves, of "Bill And Ted's ... " 
and "Parenthood" fame, was type-
cast once more as a bumbling id-
iot. Even after capturing audiences 
in so many other similar roles, 
Reeves still failed to develop hi 
act of stupidity beyond the script's 
required "Huh? Oh. Yeah" - al-
though his spaced-out klutziness 
does manage to draw a few laughs 
from an audience hungry for 
amusement. 

That isn't to say that the movie 
is entirely without laughs - there 
are plenty of absurd moments, some 
of which seem to have come 
straight out ofa horror movie spoof. 
Where else would you find a hys-
terical woman praying to a Jesus 
icon for her husband to come back 
from the dead - only to find him 
stumbling towards her, blood drip-
ping from a bullet hole in his head, 
complaining of a headache? 

Sadly enough, the movie's best 
moments come from playing up 
cultural stereotypes, especially 
those of the Italians as highly 
emotional and passionate. The 
fight between Joey and his disap-
proving Slavic moth~r-in-law 
(Joan Plowright), keep" you laugh-
ing a they screech at each other in 
their re pective languages while 
Rosie tries to placate them in both 
languages - but you laugh for no 
apparent rea on other than that 
you've seen it all 0 many times 
before. 

You won't walk away from this 
movie r peating brilliant lin s of 
dialogue; there are none. Mo t of 
the movie wi 11 faJe from memory 
the moment you tart up your car 
and start thinking about the more 
important things in life. You will, 
however, remember the end of the 
movie for it sheer let-down. 

"I Love Y u to eath," despite 
its occasional moments of amuse-
ment, will mo t likely bore you to 
death. 

FILM: "I Love You to Death." Directed 
by LaWrence Kasdan. Produced by Pat-
nell WelIs and Lauren Wets man. Writ-
ten by John KOstmaver. A Trl-Star pic-
ture tarring Kevin Kline and TrolCey 
Ullman. 


