
INSIDE ... 
News in Brief......... .. .... ....... 2 
Opinion ........... ......... ..... ....... 4 
Features ............................. 9 I 
Arts & Entertainment .......... 12 
Sports ............ 24 

University of California, 
San Diego 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 
Hughes Hits 
For Pre-teens 
A&E reviews "Home Alone"/13 

The UCSD 

W. Volleyball Wins Championship 

Greg Huffstutter/Guardlan 
The UCSD women's volleyball team won its sixth NCAA Division 11/ National Championship in 
the tournament's 1 O-year history when UCSD defeated Washington University in St. Louis on 
Saturday. Led by A 11-Tournament honorees Vikki Van Duyne, Elizabeth Tan (above) and Liz 
Vesanovic, the Tritons won 15-4, 13-15, 9-15, 15-8, 15-6. Story in Sports, page 24. 

SPORTS . 
UCSD Hoop 
Opens Season 
Women splitl19, Men win/22 

MONDAY 
November 19. 1990 
Vol. 71, No~ 24 

TG Ruling Delayed, ABC 
Will Decide on Legality 
• Future of beer at events may not 
be decided until Winter Quarter 1991 
By Jennifer Meadows 
Staff Wnter 

The ad-hoc committl!e fonnl!d 
todi uss alcohol-related I)sues anti 
make a recommendation 011 \\ hether 
or not TG) .,hould continue in thei r 
preent ~ nn ha not yet come t a 
dec i ion. The origi nal ov. 12 
deadl ine fo r the deci 'ion ha been 
extended indefini tely. 

ccording to committee mem-
ber" iek Aguilar and John Edson. 
the Al oholic Be\erage Control 
Department of California ( BC) has 
been asked t contribute b) revievv-
lIlg the Il!galit) of the TGs. 

"The AB i ju"t onl! of J nUnl-
berof ,>ources of input that thl! com 
mlttl!e htL'> thought it Important to 
con"ider m the procc,>s of ddibera-
tion."'>::lId guJlar. L D ~ pecial 
sen ice,> director anJ chair of the 
commlttel!. 

Icoh I and ' ub"tance bu~e 
Commjttee hair Dalynn Proffit "aid 
that "we have been operating under 
the as ul11pti n that the currl!nt 
polic) IS legal, and \ve just want 10 
make ure that othel outside agcn-
cie agree." 

"The que ' [Jon we have been 
asked to answer i whether or not 
the safety ri k and liabil ity hazards 
a oetated with the !-.erving of alco-
hol at TG outweigh the program-
matic benefit ," said Ed on. who i ' 
al 0 president of the A ociated 

tudent . 
Edson 'aid that upgraded secu-

rity measures, uch as the hiring of 

taff-Pro pri\ ate ~ecurit) oflicer., to 
check ID" <lnd punch hole~ in wri~t­

band~. as well a., the nC\""TipsyTu:\i 
~er\'ice tordruni- ..,tudent.,. help i-eep 

ri~k at a mil1lmum. 
l ie abo pOinted out thdt .,erving 

beer at TG ... keeps studenr... of legal 
drini-lIIg age on campu., II1stead of 
driving tooff-campu,> actlvllies. and 
that moderation h entorced b. a 
three-drll1i- ma:\imull1 pl!r per~on. 

"The le\el of IJabJlJt) \\ith all 
these precautions I.., not that great." 
Ed.,on added. 

"In m) I1lllld \\c'\c e:-.tabll';hed 
that the le\t'\.., 01 IJabJllt) and ..,arety 
haLJld., don't wt\\clgh the 
progl.Ull ·., bendit to the "tudenr...:· 
he ":'lId. 

l ie did add. hmv\!\ cr. that oth-x 
commlltee members do nOI nece -
sard] Jgree. 

Edson .,:lId he feel" th.lt the future 
of the TG., depend., on \\ hat the 
ABC deCides. a Proslx:ct that "mak.e 
him nerVou., ." 

l ie abo aid that the number., of 
incidenr... LUld am;st.., at the e\ent are 
brought up continuall) a., e\ idence 
forcon~ideration b) the committee. 
l ie . tres. cd that tudent effOl1s to 
police them ehe" and reduce n. k 
can only help to !\J\e the TG ~. 

"If you get caught. \\ e all get 
caught," Ed~on warned. 

The next committee meeting is 
heduled for ov. 27, but gui lar 

uggested it i ' likely that the com-
mittee will be deliberating into 
Winter Quarter. 

UC Nurses in Midst of Voting on New Contract Agreement 
• Nurse association official says agreement 'looks favorable' ap 
By Jason Snell 
News Editor 

Nurse at the UCSD Medical 
Center voted Friday on a contract 
that was tentatively agreed to last 
weekend by officials from the 
California Nur es As ociation 
(CNA) and UCSD. 

Re ults of the vote will be re-
lea ed laterthi week, afternu e at 
other UC medical in titutions fini h 
voting on their own contracts. 

"We won 't know there ult until 
Wedne day, but it look favorable ," 
aid Paula Mack, the 0 Medi-

cal enter' N reprcsentativ . 
"We had a larg turnout for the 
voting." . 

According to on a Ileaty. as-
!-.o iat director of hospitals and 
clinics at D,theoffi ' labagrecd 
to the contra ' t at 5 a.m. aturday 
after a marathon neg tinti n e '-
!-. i n. 

"We wanted to get a contract," 
Healy said. 'The CNA and the 
unjversity were motivated to finish 
andgohometoourre pectivepeople 
so we could ay we finally fini hed 
an agreement." 

"In general, it ' s a really good 
package. The nurse were enthu i-
astic about it," Mack said. 

The tentative agreement, effec-
tive Nov. 1, in lude a 'alary in-
crease of five and one-half percent 
for nurse . In addition, tho full-
time nurses who have ertitication 
in their pecialt of pra ti e would 
re eive e tra cet1 ifi ati n pay f 

1 per month. 
In additi n to si -month mater-

nity leave for pregnant nurses, full -
time nur ' would abo receive .+0 
h ur ' of edu mionalleav ' per yeLlr. 

pa increa e of 7 cent per 
hour for e\ening and night hin 
\ ouldal ogointocff' lifthe n-

tra tpas e . Withthischange,nur 'es 
working evenings would receive an 
extra 1.75 per hour, while nigh: 
nur es would receive an extra 2.75 
per hour. 

A eventh pay level would be 
added at the top of the nur e' swage 
scale. Promotion along the wage 
cale are awarded ba ed on nurse 

evaluation . 
ccording to Ma k, the seventh 

pa level will allow nur 'e ' who 
have topped out at the sixth level to 
continue moving upward. 

'Thi hang \ ill affect one-
thirdofthenurse ," shl! said." bout 
00 nur!-.e~ wi II automaticall move 

up to theeventh pa . Ie el. When 
u combine th is \\ ith th' Ii e and 

ne-half [pI!rcentl u ' r s-the-b ard 
in rca e. tho~ ' top nurses \ ill ba i-
call. be getting a 10 and Il '-hulf 
pa rai e." 

See NURSES, Page 7 

f(e TH£. 
l VAl, L>oOt 
YA'T\Et ij 

RE a 
W, 
V{\ 

N 

JennlTer KolskY/l.;ruarOian 
Nurses picketed the UCSD Medical Center in Hillcrest in October 



2 NEW 

N SCIENCE dilL EWS=,r= 
SCIENTIFIC & MEDICAL UPDATES 

Expert on Effects of Smoking to 
Head Disease Research Program 

Charle Gruder. a nationally recognized cxpcl1 III 
slllOI.1!lg cessation. i~ the tin)! pelmanent director of the 
UC Tobacco-Related Di~e,he Research Program 
(TRDRP). 

Grudercame to the UC from the Lmver ily of III11l00s. 
where he \\',IS a profe~orofPsychologyand ~eJ'\ed a, the 
chair of the department for sh ycal<>. During the past 
decade. he has studied the role) of atutude change and 
telc\ Ised self-help progmnh III hclpll1g ~mokcn. to qUll. 

'The program Will ha\'e .m impact b) II1creasing the 
understandingofthedeva ·tatingeffectSof moking. while 
at the same tnne developing treatment oftoba co-related 

disease~." Gruder said. 
.. ~ the re carch continue., ycar after yC3I. we hope 

there will be fe\~ er LOba o-related diseasc\ to treat." he 
added. 

Gruder replaces Paul Torrens. TRDRP interim direc-
tor.~holsonsabballcalfromhi poslanheUCLA chool 
ofPubltc I leahh. Torren. headed the TRDRPsincc it \\,IS 
c. tablished last fall 

Grudel \\ ill manage a UC program that annually dh-
tributes about 30 mIllion in tobacco tax funds to Califor-
nia re 'archer sllldYll1g tobacco-related dheases. 

Thc fund.> are part orthe ta>. revenue frolll PropO'.JtJon 

Calvin and Hobbes 
IVE N I/E 'CtDI It) " 
CIt: S£R, ' \110M. ",1'\0 O"D 

t: E R TIW.t: row: "1'\ w"~11£ 
rUN 0", ~(JI. il S' II' 

1\\E'fO 1",1(B-I fl.£: 10 " 0>5ICRT 
~("I\'\'!;. 10 KHON 11\1':; 

sru,r' 

~~/L 
~ -

The UCSD GlI.u·di.1I1 

99. which wa~ approved b voters in 0\. 19 8. l'ndcr ~tatc 
1:\\\ ,th~ um I'cr\ity opcr..lte~ th" TRDRP and is res pOll ' iblc for 
,elcclIng and funding ~tatc research proje~ts that in\ csngate 
the au,>es, prcvention. and m::IlIllCIlI of tobacw-relatcd di~­
ea,cs. l11i~ TRDRP focuse;. 011 the three problcm alea~ of 
cancel, heart and IUllgdisCihe, and epidemiology and behavioral 
change. Re,carch l'Im:r~ biomedical. clinical and behavioral 

~clence,.II1c1udlng the legal and economic impa~t oftobacco-
related illncs~c,. 

SIIlCC 198 '. Gl1Jder has becn a faculty associate at the 
Prevention Re,earch Centel in the S hool of Public Health al 
the U\1I\ en,ity of lllinoi, Gruder h:L, written extensively 
about ,ocial psychology and smokmg. 

In 1984, Gntdcr recei ved the Secretary ' A ward for fucel-
lence from the .S. Department of Health and HumanServices 
for his help 10 dcveloping and implementing a stop-smoking 
program in conjunction with the Chicago Lung As,ociation. 

Chemistry, Physics Departments Will 
Offer Seminars, Lectures Nov. 26-30 

Thl' Dep<lrtmcnts of ChemistI)' and PhYSICS are offeri ng 
~everal seminars dunng the week of ov.2t'i-30. 

• Monday - Ken Do>.see from the UniversJt) of Oregon 
will lecrure on "Elecrroc) clic vs. l\figrarory In ertion Reac-
tion Pathway for Mctallacyclic Complexe "in the Cognitive 

clcnces Building, room 002. at4 p.m. 
• Tue~day - Emily Carter from UCLA will Je ture on 

"Structure and Chemistry of Metallic and Semiconductor 
urfncc" in rey Hall , room 2102, at4p.m. 

• lllUrsday - Adrienne Brian from UCSD will lecture on 
"Cell Adhe~ion and Recognition in the Immune Sy~tem" in 
the Molecular Genetic Room at 12 p.m. 

• Friday - Don Tilley from UCSD will lecture on "New 
Polymerization Chemistry Based on Reactive Transition Metal 
SIlicon Bonds" in peterson Hall 103 at 4 p.m. 

MA~St. 'iOO SIIOOlD'iE 
TI-\()J\;\\T 01' ill"" 

g~toR£ 7 00 A.T 
N IGlrr. 1()J"Ll H~I/t. 
TO MA([ .. _. "" __ _ 

CX\1!;'R Wf>.i . 

by Bill Watterson 

11-1\0 ;<UL r"N. 0> 
l\ (~~, 'C-,\ ~ { IS 

P,,' ~OJ .J' , 10 
&:. "-".ler f'B ' 

~\~ 1'1 S\\QW 
S,AATS 11-\ 
7.0 !l.1i'\U\t'S 

N<~ ~CiJ 
GOII'I& Th 
I-I£\..P !I.E 
OR NO, ~ 

I,vt.-z... ~ -, / "'~ 

--~~--~ 

Mouday, NO\'cmba 19, 1990 

FROM OTHER CAMPUSES 

UCLA Seeks System-Wide Ban 
On Military Recruiter Interviews 

LOS ANGELES -Law student s, f<lc ulty, and staff at 
UCLA are preparing a petition to send to University of 
Califomia President David Gardner. The petition asks to 
ban military recruiters from interviewing on campus be-
cause they operate under a policy which excl udes people 
on the basis of age, ~exual orientation, and physical dis-
abilities. 

Spon ors of the petition, which garnered about 450 
signatures, say the practices of the Judge Advocate Gen-
eral (JAG) Corps of the .S. Anned Forces arc di~cril1li­
natory and should not be allowed to interview law students 
as pan of the law school's interview program. 

They charge that the JAG Corps of the Army. Air Force. 
avy, and Marines deny employment on the basis of 

physical disabilities and exclude homosexuals and people 
beyond the age of 35. 

The Committee for Gay and Lesbian lues (COGLl), 
the ad hoc group that wrote the UCLA petition, plans to 
send it to Gardner this week. 

UC Berkeley has joined UCLA in asking Gardner to 
reconsider his decision about having the JAG Corps in-
terview students on UC premises. UC Davis has also 
sponsored a prolest 10 ban the JAGCorps. 

GuXSkl)IAN 
PHIL GRUEN. Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, Managing Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, Opinion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, Associate Sport-; Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Sports Editor 
JAMES COLLIER, Design Editor 
GREG DIXON, Associate Opinion Editor 
BILL DOWLER. Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMILTON, Associate News Editor 
MARY BETIY HEARD. Associate News Editor 
LARA HEISLER. Associate Arts Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR. Associate Arts Editor 
PETER KO, Associate Sports Editor 
JENNIFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Associate Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, ArtsiEntertsinment Editor 
MEL MARCELO, Associate Gmphics Editor 
SANGEET A MEHTA, Associate Features Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, Associate Photo Editor 
JULIE PUZON. Features Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Gmphics Editor 
JASON SNELL, News Editor 
RIMAS UZGIRIS, Photo Editor 

, JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, Associate Features Editor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, Arts/Entertainment Editor 

SeniorStaft Writers: Anton BInner. Bryan o.as. BIIan Itow. Marie Paslernak. 
MIChael Schwartz 
Staft Wrllers: John AsuO(,on. Steven Bach, Zachary Berman, Paul Bishop. 
Walter BIns, Rachel Blackburn, Ken Bounon, Gavm Chnsty, Pau la Correa, 
Tammy Crawford. James Darlow. Robb Earnest, David Ferns. Andrew 
Gayton, Kerry Halt. Amy Knoke, Cory lJdschm, Sherry Lowrance, Jennller 
Meadows. Ken Perlman. Traci Powell. Debbie Rosemhal, Emily RubIO, John 
Ruud, Enc Schmidt, Doug Shaddle, Julie Sherman. Gregory Waypa, Caltlm 
Woodthorpe. Sheryl Wolcott, Chns lahanas 
Photographers: Greg Benes, Dan Cnpe, Sieve Gavino, Roben Hayashi. 
Dan McDowell, Jenny Vann 

, Illustrators: Mike Cavna, Cann Lew. Le<gh Anne McConnaughey, Katy 
Roe. Helen Tse, Marc Upterglove 
Editoriat Assistants: Tricla Henry, James Ingman. DaVid Lowell 
Typists: MeliSsa Fawl. An KraWitz, Sean O'Connell, Dave Wyner 
Copy Readers: Rachel Blackburn, Hilary Blankenhorn, Aaron Cheesman, 
Greg HuNstutter, An Krawilz, Caml Little. Brenda O'Sullivan, Julia Palotay, 
Martha Paloiay, Jessie Spnnger, Karla Stange 
Production: Donna BIgley, Grace ChUI, Kathie Gossen. Laura Proctor. 
Suzy Weaver. Dave Wyner 
Training Director: Seth Sialer 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
Advertising Representatives: Kenna Bowler, Sherry Freudenberger. Tern 
Scharler Doug Shadd Ie 
AdvertiSing Assistants: Leanne Belongle, Daniel Calv" Bomta Makuch. 
Paolo Valladolid 
Circulation' Kal S Wang Joe Lee 

Editorial: 534·6580, 8u.ioo» OfIKe: 534·3466, fax: 534·7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilmon Drive 0316, 

La Jollo, CA 9209J...03 16 

Monday, November 19, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

UCSA Will Lobby to Introduce Bill 
On Student Fee-Funded Facilities 
• ucsO's vote on RIMAe is seen as 'driving force' of bill 
By Rachel Blackburn 
Staff Writer 

Prompted by UCSD's experi-
ence with the Recreational/Intra-
mural Athletic and Events Center 
(RIlvIAC), the University of Cali-
fornia Student Association (UCSA) 
formulated a billlast week thai would 
give UC students control of facili-
ties funded by student fees. 

Thesystem-wide bill was drafted 
after Jeremy Pastemak, UCSD's 
representative to the UCSA, ex-
plained the lack of control over fee-
funded facilities at UCSD 10 asso-
ciation members. Pasternak said that 
pressure had already been building 
up in the UC system for some kind 
of bill in relation to fee-funded fa-
cilities, but indicated that it was 
RlMAC that caused the issue to 
"blow up." 

RlMAC is considered the driv-
ing force behind the bill becau e 
some student groups feel the project 
is being driven more by faculty and 
administration concerns than by 
student concerns. 

"UCSD was the driving force 
behind the bill. It is a direct result of 
our effol1s," Pastemak said. 

The bill states that "studentS shall 
have the maximum feasible operat-
ing and decision-making freedom 
over the use artd alloca,ion of self-
assessed fees, alld the administra-
tion of facilities , programs and ac-
tivities financed by self-assessed 
fees." 

UCSA Lobbyist Jim Butterfield 
said he is confident that the bill will 
generate a "large degree of suc-
cess," but added that he doe not 
think the UCSA "will get every-
thing we want." 

Between now and January , 
Butterfield must fmd a member of 
the state legiSlature sympathetic 
enough to the UCSA's concerns to 
introduce the bill. 

According to A.S. President John 
Edson, both UCLA and UC Berke-
ley already have control over fa-
cilities funded by sel f-assessed fees. 
He said it is unfair that all UC 
campuses do not have an equal de-
gree of control. 

"We at UCSD don' t want to be 
seen as less capable [of handling 
fmances] as ... students at UCLA," 
Edson said. 

According to A.S. Vice Presi-
dent External Molly McKay, UC 
Berkeley and UCLA are no differ-
entlhan the rest of the UCcampuses, 
and so there "is nOI reason for some 
campuses to have more power than 
others." 

"We're not asking for much -
just the right to control buildings 
built with our own fees," she said. 
' 'This is a crucial fundamental right 
for students." 

Edson explained that he is confi-
dent in the bill because it gives 
equality to all students. 

"U ntil now there has been no 
system-wide policy - just evolu-

tions of different control," he said. 
''This bill will change that and cre-
ate standards and practices." 

"Managing our own affairs is a 
learning experience - if we make 
rnistakes we should learn from them. 
It should not be run for profit," 
Edson said. 

Pasternak said that since facili-
ties like RIMAC have nothi ng to do 
with research and education, what 
he calls "the mission of the uni ver-
sity," then there is no reason why 
students shouldn't control them. 

"It's not as though we're trying 
to control educational facilities like 
the libraries," he said. 

When students go to Sacramento 
at the beginning of March to lobby 
the legislature, one of the specific 
items they will concentrate on will 
be the fee-funded facilities bill. 

If the bill is passed, the UC Re-
gents will be obligated to follow it, 
thereby ensuring "a lot of control 
for students," Edson said. 

According to McKay, students 
have a "tough uphill ban Ie" on their 
hands if the bill is to be passed. 

"It will be a long. hard fight that 
will take more than just AS. push-
ing for it," she said. "We need the 
support of the whole student 
movement." 

McKay indicated that the ad-
ministration will work acri vely 
against the bill , using itS resources 
in opposition to it. 

See UCSA, Page 7 

NEWS 3 

All the news at UCSD. 

And all the sports, 
features, opinion, 

arts & entertainment. 

Monday. 
Wednesday. 

Friday. 

THANKSGIVING DA Y SPECIAL 
3 DAYS ONLY 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Apparel Designer Zone 
presents 

FACTORY OUTLET CLOTHING SALE 
Save on Brand Name Casual & Sportswear Clothing 

50% to 90% 
8ElOW RET,,'l 

see it to 
beUeVe it! 

Tweeds. Smythe & Co, 
B,U,M, Equipment. Line-Up 

Much, Much More! 

DONIT MISS OUT! 
Friday November 23 to Sunday, November 25 

11 am-6 pm 

HoHine: 450-3323 

/ 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN. Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN. Managing Editor 
JASO S ELL. News EdilOr 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opimon Editor 

1M UCSD GlMmJulII 1.\ publi~lcd tluec: tunc a wed •• t Ihe Unl'o'Cf'Sll), of California. San DI(:go 
Con(CniS ClI990 Vle .... s ~presstd htrtln tTpresenlU\t majority V(){( of the editon31 board.llnd are not 
ncccssanly those of the UC S(Wd of Regents. the ASUCSD. nor the enlln: GLWIdllln ,bf!. 

RIMAe 

Events Element Essential 
RIMAC - UCSD's proposed new recreation and events 

center - has found itself caughl up in more controversy on its 
rough road to final approval, and this time the que tion ha 
landed right on top of Chancellor Richard Atkin on's desk. 
Atkinson has a decision to make - and he may be losing quite 
a bit of leep over it. 

The Representative Assembly of UCSD's Academic Sen-
ate proposed two resolutions in its October meeting - one of 
which will reduce the facili ty from 160,000 square feet to 
126,000 square feet, the other to safeguard against noise. 
traffic , crime, and uni vers ity property. 

If Atkinson endorses the proposals, UCSD will be without 
an events element to comfortably accomodate its growing 
population. 

orne background: As originally proposed. RIMAC is to 
contain two primary components, a recreation facili ty and an 
all -purpose events center, the latter seating approximately 
5,000 people. RIMAC wi ll be built on what is now Mile High 
Field, near the supercomputer on the northern end of campus, 
wi th construction scheduled to begin pending approval by the 
UC Regem . The evemscomponent is envisionedas a temporary 
facility until a more permanent one is built east ofl -5 some 10, 
15 years down the road. 

The assembly's recommendation focuses on the events 
component. which it ees as public nuisance. The enate, 
composed entirely offaculty members, is also concemed that 
the enormou price tag on the facility-which include raising 
$32 million in cOn>truction monies - may be detrimental to 
the raising of monies for academic purposes. The faculty 
believe these monies cou Id be PUI IOward better use. 

The shrinking ofthefacility means a reduction in the seating 
capacity of the events component - from 5,000 to 2,500 seats. 
To serve the needs ofUCSD's growing studem population-
which wIll mcrease from over 14,000 (1990 figure) to over 
24,000 (by 2(05)-a 2,500 seat events faciltty will refarfrom 
adequate. Additionally, Ihe reduction may mean that corporate 
sponsors. who could help pay for a large chunk of the facility 
- \1 ould not be attracted to such a small-time venue. 

Understandably, Atkin:,on is in a no-win si tuat ion: He can 
take the assembly·s recommendation, reduce the size of the 
facility, and thereby alienate the studems; or he can disregard 
the proposal, approve the RIMAC proposal as i ,and conse-
quently alienate the faculty. 

History tells us that the chancellor will side with the faculty. 
Atkinson's primary strength and reputation as a chancellor has 
emanated from his trong recrui tmem of faculty since he took 
his posillon as chancellor over 10 years ago. But hbtory may 
soon change. 

UCS D needs all of RIMAe. and Atkinson knows it. The 
university is sadly lacking decent athletic facilites and an 
adequate events center. The main gym - which seats ap-
proximately 2,000 - is dreadfu lly inefficient for sportmg 
event , and even worse for concerts. 

With UCSD's possible jump to Divi , ion II athlellcs on the 
very near honlOn, hosting big-time poning evt!nt in the 
current gym could be, at the very least, embarrassing to the 
univer!>ity's reputation. 

Part of the problem IS that the official student stance is 
currently unclear. While tht: studenl body voted for RIMAC in 
a special spring referendum and A.S . President John Edson is 
a strong proponent of the facility, a number of A.S . members 
and a vocal graduate student are sti 11 pointing at alleged 
election violations and demanding a re-electiolJ. 

The bsueis further complicated in that if Atkinsonapprove~ 
the assembly's recommendation, RIMAC may go back to the 
studenb for a re-vote. Thl~ raises the question of a student 
referendum's validity, and ethical questions concerning the 
power of both the Acad~mlc Senate and the cham:ellol. 

Slill , Atl..in~oll need~ to realize that an event~ component 
barely larger than the malO gym will not serve UC D 's 
increa ing student population, even if the componl:lltt~ onl) 
temporary. 

Atkinson must Ignore the assembly' recommendation . 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 19,1990 

BENSON 

Time Is of the Essence 
• For one student, it's time to move on in her life 
By Dana Chaiken, Sports Editor 

A friend of mine toLd me a brain-teaser last week, 
that in my typically warped way of examining 
things, reflects how I've been feeling lately. Here's 
the joke (as best as I can recall): 

Three men go to a motel and evenly divide the 
$30 co t of the room, After they go to their room, 
the manager discovers that he overcharged the men 
by five dollars. He gives the bellliop five one-dollar 
bills and says to take the money to the guests. 

The bellhop 
figures that five 
dollars won't 
di vide evenly 
among the men, 
so he pockets 
two dollars and 
give the remain-
in g three to the 
guests. 

Now each of 
the men have 
paid nine dollars 

and the beilliop has two .. . where's the extra dollar? 
So, now you ask, how the hell does that reflect 

my life? (No, it 's not just because I'm graduating 
without taking any math classes.) 

Well, it adds up one way - the manager has 
$25, the bellhop has $2, and the three men each 
have $1, which makes $30. 

But, it doesn't add up another way - the men 
paid $27 total , the bellhop has $2 ... but that's only 
$29. 

Now, are you beginning to understand? No? Not 
to worry, I've been striving to understand it for a 
while. Anyhow, here's how lthink it relates. 

Since last Seplember, I have been working as a 
~ports editor at the Guardian, playing intercollegiate 
softball , cramming to graduate in four years, and 
desperately trying to maintain a social life. 

A~ best I can figure, the hours involved in tho e 
activities - along with basic bodily maintenance of 
eating, sleeping, showering, and an occasional 
(sorry, Mom, J know it 's too short) haircut thrown 
in - adus up to ~o much time, that most everyone r 
know can' l figure out how 1 do it all. 

(Mental picture here: me blowing on my nail 
and polishing them on my shirt in an act of mock 
pride.) 

(Actual image: me barely having the energy to 
rai~e my hand - which makes it interestingly 
difii uit to sign with my dcarroommate.) 

J work/wait around anywh.:rc between 30-40 
hour~ a week at the newspaper (that money cJoesn't 
add up nght either). I accumulate around 35 hours a 

week in softball-related activities (depending on 
the level of injury to my already damaged body, 
how many all-too-fun fundraisers Coach has us 
involved in, and I O-hour road trips from hell 
every other weekend). 

I'm supposed to be in class between 12 and 16 
hours a week, and should be studying twice that 
much for the grades I get. (Hal) Toss in the 
comings and goings of shuttling to and from the 
North (pole) Parking lots, and a minimum load 
takes maximum time. 

Social life -that's spending time with other 
people, right? Sometimes I think I've forgotten 
how to talk about things other than deadlines. 
lineups, and the paperthat's due tomorrow. 

Social life - that 's going out and doing 
things, right? Movies? Dancing? Using my fake 
ID? The beach? Restaurants? Intramurals? Huh? 

Okay, enough Whining. 
For the most part - here's where it relates to 

the brain-teaser- all those activities add up to 
extremely worthwhile, enjoyable, meaningful , 
and all-around ''I'm glad I've done it all" experi-
ences . 

I'm pretty sure I wouldn't trade any of it for 
more free time (which 1 would probably waste 
anyway) - though I'm not sure about all that 
pizza I've eaten on production nights. (Ugh!) 

Yet, in another way, it doesn't add up. 1 mean, 
I know there's something wrong when everyone, 
including my mother, calls me at work before 
they try my house. (I have a home. And, why did 
I bother buying an answering maclline?) 

ft just seems to me that , even with all these 
things happening in my life, there has to be more. 
Stick with me here - I'm figuring that by doing 
less, I can concentrate more, and perform better at 
the things 1 don't feel J've completed. 

rm not done with school. I've got my senior 
season left on the field. 1 hope to always have a 
social life, once 1 get it straightened out. 

But, I feel as though my time here at the 
Guardian i ' complete. I'm satisfied that I've 
done what 1 set out to do (yes, that's more than 
crack a few bad jokes and write even worse 
headlines and leads.) 

111U~, I've decided to move on. Three more 
is ues and I will ceremoniously hand over my all-
too-important press-pa s (and free admission to 
everything) to Peter Ko, and qui!. (Is ~omeon e 
icing that champagne? Oops, forgot I d 11 ' t drink. 
Uh, sparkling cider, or non-a lcohol ic wi ne?) 

Maybe now I'll have Ihe time and energy to 
figure out what happened to that extra dollar. 

Ya think? 1 1m 111 111 •.• 

Monday, November 19,1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Bets Are Still on in the Desert 
Editor: 

This letter is in response to Greg Dixon's 
commentary entitled "All Bets Are Off With 
Iraq" (Nov. 14). I'd like to make a few bets 
with Mr. Dixon, 

Implicit in Mr. Dixon 's analysis is the 
notion that the U.S. could win a war with 
Iraq if it used all of its military might. 

The U.S. has nuclear bombs. Iraq has 
fuel-air bombs. Fuel-air bombs are just as 
powerful as nuclear bombs. And, fuel-air 
bombs have far more tactical import than 
so-called "battlefield" nuclear weapons. 
IraqI troops can move inlo a territory that 
has been blasted with a fuel-air bomb. 
Nuclear bombs leave behind radiation. I'll 
bet that the Iraqis can kill just as many 
soldiers using fuel-air bombs as the U.S. 
can kill using nuclear bombs, 

Mr. Dixon also noted, quite rightly, that 
Iraq is in possession of biological weapons. 
Biological weapons are genetically engi-
neered diseases. When plague weapons are 
released, civilians die as well as soldiers. 
Imagine the entire population of Europe 
dying from a plague released in the Middle 
East. Imagine such a plague reaching the 
United States. 

Does Mr. Dixon think we'll be able to 
make an antibody in time to halt its spread? 
Remember, war plagues aredesignedto kill 
quickly and spread rapidly . I'll bet that Iraq 
could release plagues that would threaten 
every human being in all comers of the 
globe. 

Mr. Dixon declares that the U.S. can 
wage a troop assault that will "eliminate the 
enemy." Would he like to place a bet on 
.hat? As Mr. Dixon noted, Iraq has just 
emerged from a nine year war with Iran. 
Iraqi troops are battle-hardened, accustomed 
to the rigors and tactics of desert combat. 

Iraqi equipment has likewise been tested 
by actual battle. U.S. equipment, on the 
other hand, has adapted poorly to the desert. 
The Apache helicopter needs to be grounded 
for a major mechanical repair every two and 
a half hours, on average. The MI Tank 
breaks down every 10!l miles and suffers a 
systems failure every eight minutes, on 
average. 

Untested American soldiers using unre-
liable equipment are supposed to win a war 
against a numerically superior force of 
battle-hardened Iraqi troops using reliable 
equipment? I'll bet it's not as easy as all 
that. I'll bet we could even lose. It wouldn' t 
be the first time. 

Mr. Dixon has clearly failed to consider 
very deeply the odds facingAmericantroops 
in the Middle East. Instead of rational 
analysis, he offers disturbingly bloodthirsty 
slogans. 

Timothy Haeg 

Editor: 
I am writing in response to your commen-

tary "All Bets Are Off With Iraq." I agree with 
Mr. Dixon's claims that "niceties don't win 
wars," in his justification for wholesale war 
with Iraq, and I agree as well to his conceding 
that this may sound cruel and amoral. 

Yet he and 1 differ when he claims that 
morality takes a diminished priority in our 
decisions on if or how we wage war. Such 
inconveniences as ethics may seem trivial 
here in sunny Southem Califomia, wheremany 
people are not even sure where exactly Iraq is, 
but to the U.S. soldiers and to the Iraqi people, 
who Mr. Dixon suggest should be subjected to 
"blanket bombing," it actually matters. 

Take the family of my father for example: 
they live in Baghdad and Kirkuk, but did not 
elect Mr. H:JSsein (in fact, no one did - he 
became president-for-life viaacoup), nor did 
they suggest anyone invade Kuwait. How-
ever, come 1991, I may have to forget about 
my kin overseas should our leaders agree with 
Mr. Dixon 's claim that "the only way to defeat 
Iraq is to destroy it." 

TheIraqipeoplehavebeensufferingenough 
from Hussein's foreign wars and domestic 
oppression. I hate Iraq's "president-for-life" 
more than many of you can imagine, but I do 
nol feel that we should set the Iraqi people free 
by killing them. 

Contrary to the warhawk associate opinion 
editor's logic, "niceties" such as morality are 

~otheHell 
Does This Guy 

Think He Is, 
Anyway?' 

Zachary Berman, Every Wednesday. 

Jeff Quan/Guardian 
a priority issue when American and Iraqi lives 
are at stake. 

YusufSaib 

Gulf War Worries 
Editor: 

So, now to show the true strength of his 
convictions. President Bush has called up 
reserves, effectively doubling the size of the 
current U.S. deployment in the Gulf, and he 
has sent yet another message to Saddam 
Hussein. 

More and more Ii ves are being put at stake. 
While the lives of many of our own age group 
hang in the desert balance, families are being 
affected on a larger scale. 

Along with the Fifth Marine Expedition-
ary Brigade from Camp Pendleton willgomy 
brother. Public awareness andconcem should 
skyrocket concurrent with the new deploy-
ment. The probability of war has increased. 

As explicitly presented by him, Bu h's 
stated objectives are insufficient to gamer 
mass public support, 

His goals are broadly, but not exc1usively, 
as follows: A balance of power in the Gulf, 
satisfying domestic concerns encompassing 
corporate interests and the price of oil; ideo-
logical with respect to an idealist's view of 
future international relations ; the 
disempowerment of Sad dam Hussein and de-
struction of Iraq's military capabilities, and 

foremost, the liberation of Kuwait, and the 
release of hostages. 

Each of these fiveconcems is problematic 
when espoused as justificatio'il for a preemp-
tive attack. After all, wasn't our initial policy 
to defend Saudi Arabia and release the hos-
tages? Or did Bush merely employ that as a 
cover until an offensive preemptive attack 
became militarily feasible? 

Who is to benefi t from the ensuing balance 
of power if we win the war? Iran? Saudi 
Arabia? Syriaand ournewest friend Hafez Al 
Azad? Kuwait? 

All of these countries are monarchies. In 
Saudi Ardbia, women are not even allowed to 
drive cars. We surely are not defending de-
mocracy. 

Bush has lately spoken of a "new world 
order·' in which aggression is spurned and 
ineffective and the arena of diplomacy is one 
in which economic power is best. That's a 
good idea. So, to prove it, he wants to attack 
the Iraqi Army. 

This leads to the public uppon aspect of 
President Bush's policy. Does he require a 
Congressional Declaration ofWlrlo do what 
he says he ' ll do? 

Our Constitution, however wildly con-
strued, seems to say, yes, he does. Without 
such a declaration and legal au thori ty, Con-
gress should at lea tpartake in political wran-
gli ng over an offensive postu re. 

So far. Congress has backed the President's 
stated policy. But, will they if the president 
engages Iraq? The President should have 
Congressional support, no matter what. 

All questions raised to this point beg the 
larger question: Is it right for Americans to die 
for our stated objectives? 

Underlying all previous concems should 
be a moral issue. Regardless whether all of the 
five concerns are in our favor after a cOSt-
benefits analysis, it must be asked: Is a cost-
benefit analysis sufficient justification? 

I say, emphatically, no. Any cost-benefit 
analy~is probably asks the wrong questions in 
determining whetheror not to adopt an offen-
sive posture. 

The Bush Administration should clearly 
spell out the concerns and answer the cost-
benefit analysis questions satisfactorily. 

Nonetheless, somebody had better address 
the underlying moral dilemma before Bush 
gives the order for gun number one to be fired 
against Iraq. 

Even though we're defending monarchies, 
we are still democratic, right? 

William Gleason 

Are We Total Losers? 
What Do You Think? 

The UCSD Guardian welcomes your letters and commentaries. 
Drop your letter at the Guardian offices (on the second Roor of the 
Student Center, above the General Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion &l1or 
Gualdian 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La .lola, CA 92093-0316 

letters should be typed, double-spaced, and should include a 
signature and a phone number. Unsigned letters will not be 
printed. We reserve the right to edit for length and clarity. 



60pr ION 

W SPECTRUM 
~ PH OTO 

* 1 HR. PORTRAITS 
WI OVER 300 
BACKGROUNDS TO 
CHOOSE FROM ! 

" BRING YOUR 
FRIENDS ! 

• 1 HR_ FILM DEV. 
• PASSPORT PHOTOS 
• CUSTOM COLOR, 

AND B&W LAB 
7050 MIRAMAR RD. 
S.D. 549 - 2941 

YE S 
A HEAD 

IlAIRCUTS 
by II.tl 
W ...... $17 (reg. S25) 
..... • 14 (reg. S19) 
UCSD SPECIALS ,.~"" cl Hmrcw $50 
or HighJigll/ cl Hmrcw 

For appoinrmelll, please caU 457-2930_ 
8950 VilJ4 La 10114 Dr., Su. 2120 

The U SD Guardian 

Gay and Lesbian 
Culture Is Distinct 
Editor: 

I would like to clarify the defi -
nition of culture and explain briefly 
why lesbians, gays and bisexuals 
have their own culture. As per the 
Second College Edition of the 
American Heritage Dictionary, 
culture is: "The totality of socially 
transmitted behaviorpattems, arts, 
beliefs, in titutions, and all other 
products of human work and 
thought characteristic of a com-
munity or population." 

I agree with Gianna 0 curo. 
Culture is not defined by a sexual 
preference, no more than it is de-
fined by the color of one' skin. 
Culture has to do with the experi-
ence of "being" within the frame-
work and const raints that general 
ociety has often impo ed upon 

those per ons of minority culture. 
It often has to do with the manner 
in which these individuals have 
chosen to express themselves 
emotionally, spiritually, intellec-
tually, physically, and artistically. 
r sincerely believe one's sexual 
orientation has much to do with 
which culture a person is a part of. 
The Ie bian, gay and bi exual 

open-minded students . In this class 
he willleam that homosexuals are 

not a group of sexual deviants out-
sideofmainstream culture. She will 
also leam that this group does in-
deed have a significant subculture, 
just as Blacks, A ians, youths and 
other groups do. And, she wi lI leam 
that gay culture does not base itself 
on exual preference. 

Gay culture has evolved with 
and in response to the mainstream 
"straight" community and, it has 
given back to the culture at large. It 
is a diverse, yet hidden, culture full 
of politicians, drag queens, artists, 
youths, athletes, students, profes-
sors, parents, and other individuals 
who have been oppressed due to a 
personal decision. h is through their 
bonding and common oppression 
that a culture of gays and lesbians 
emerged. It is about time that the 
gay culture came out of the aca-
demic c1osel. 

Yes, Gianna, there is a gay cul-
ture, and I hope you take the time to 
leam about it and accept it. 

Corey Eubanks 

Editor: 

Monday, November 19, 19 90 

gays through all art forms and all 
fomls of academia. 

Every minority group in 
America has seperated to some 
degree from the white dominant 
culture and has developed its own, 
simply because the dominant cul-
ture ha not always been apprecia-
tive of d iversity. 

In Ihis lettter, I cannot explain 
the vastness of lesbian and gay 
culture. As a wri ter, I am part of 
that culture. I write about what it is 
like to be a gay man. There are 
Ihou andsofgay writers, as well as 
poets, artists, musicians, film-
makers , and playwrites whose 
work reflects a particular experi-
ence. Also part of lesbian and gay 
culmre are sociologists, psycholo-
gists, anthropologi ·ts, political 
scientists, historians, elC., whose 
work reflects a particular ex peri-
ence as it relates to straight values 
and n0I111S. 

,-------------- ---- - -----...., population has informally defined In regards to Gianna Oscuro's 
letter, yes, lesbian and gay culture 
i . different. 

Thereare ubcultures within the 
lesbian and gay communities as 
well . Some of these are being les-
bian or gay and Hispanic, being 
lesbian or gay and ative Ameri-
can, being lesbian orgayandAsian, 
being lesbian or gay and African-
American. Thi is preci ely whal 
Dr. Jaye Miller will focus on dur-
ing his course. Hispanic lesbians 
and gays may express themselves 
differently within our culture and 
the dominant culture than white 
lesbians and gays. 

2 TANS $1 
One for You , One for a Friend 

I 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 
~~~~- Call for details' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap - Only $48 

Not a teflllOrary water loss • Reduce cellulite and stretch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455-0909 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISIS~ 

WE'VE GOT 
THE CURE! 

I' novetty items' gift wrapping' balloons· greeting cards Large selection of gift i!lli1. shipping boxes ~~~ 4305 La Jolla Vi llage Drive, UTC ~all 
(next to Carlos Murphy'~:' 

™ 453-9993 w. I ~ , OPEN DAILY 
YOLrn~SPEOALlsr, 

ALSO SERVING YOUR PC NEEDS. 

WINDOWS ? • 
Big deal. 
.tW1~is the only true multitaskil1& personal 
--computer at an affordable price. .. .and it 

has always had windows. 
See an~al 

The lively COfllplilef' 471 Broadway El Cajon 
(619) ~ - 0902 

OPen MoIday Thru Friday 10 - 8, SalW'day 10 - 6, AIJ:I Swday I - 5 

it own cultural parameter , and a 
number of subgroups havt!t!merged 
within the culture. 

Many are ignorant of the cul-
ture itself, as well as the subgroups, 
because lesbians, gays and bi-
sexuals are often "underground" 
due to societai harassment and 
discrimination. As we continue to 
come out and take our rightful place 
in society, awareness of what the 
lesbian, gay and bisexual culture is 
will become general knowledge. 
Perhaps Oscuro should consider 
enrolling. 

Dale Roberts 
Editor: 

I applaud the depanment of 
Sociology'sdecision toofferaclass 
on gay and lesbian culture next 
quarter. ln addition, I would like to 
invite Gianna Oscuro ("Is There 
Really a Gay Culture?" Nov. 12)to 
take the class with me and 39 other 

This wa a good queslion you 
brought up and one which I wish 
more people would ask about. It is 
dangerous for us a lesbians and 
gays to berecognizedonly by with 
whom we sleep. It eems like 
you're confusing homosexuality 
with being lesbian or gay identi-
fied. There is a difference. 

I am homosexual but am also a 
gay identified man. My sexual ori-
entation is with men but that is far 
from where being gay ends. I am 
indeed part ofthe majority culture. 
T enjoy many kinds of music, an, 
film, theaterand li lerature that does 
not focus on the lesbian and gay 
experience. But I am also part of 
lesbian and gay culture in which, 
recognizing our oppression, wecan 
reflect on the difficulties and joys 
of our experience as lesbians and 

I would like for you to browse 
through the lesbian and gay stud-
ies section of a good book store, 
like Groundwork or Bookstar in 
La Jolla or Bluedoor in Hillcrest. [ 
hope you can ee that, no, we do 
not define our culture solely by 
sexual orientalion . We are an 
amazing group of people who pre-
vail under disadvantaged circum-
stances. Please do not dismiss us as 
merely homosex ual. We are les-
bians and gays wi th a complicated 
and beauti fu l culture . 

Tony Valenzuela 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

ePregnancy Termination 
e General or Local Anesthesia 
e Low Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conception) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
e Student Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

r.r.r.t ~achoice 

... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

Monday, November 19, 1990 

Regents Vote to Increase 
Student Tuition in 1991·92 
By Jason Snell 
News Editor 

The UC Board of Regents 
approved a three percent increase 
in student fees and an additional 
two percent increase in out-of-
state tuition during its Friday 
meeting at UC San Francisco. 

Under the proposal, which 
wouldtakeeffectduringthe 1991-
92 academic year, California un-
dergraduates will pay an average 
of $1 ,869 a year, a $49 increase 
over this year. Graduate students 
will average $2,155. Non-resi-
dents will also pay $6,544 in tu-
ition a year, an increaseof$1 28, in 
addition to the student fees . 

The proposal will be included 
in the university's 1991-92 bud-
get request to the governor and 
state legislature . 

University officials said that 
the UC's fee level for Wlder-
grctduate residents is still lower 
than 200f23 comparable institu-
tions nationwide. 

neous fees which vary by campus. 
At UCSD, miscellaneous fees in-
elude the University Center fee 
and the upcoming RIMAC fee. 

Health insurance is also in-
eludedintheaverage$482miscel-
1aneous fees for graduate students. 

The proposed educational fee 
for 1991-92 is $980 per year, $29 
higher than this year. The registra-
tion fee would be $693 per year, a 
$20 increase. 

In proposing the two percent 
out-of-state fee adjustment, UC 
officia\s noted that tuition increased 
10.6 percent last year, and thatnon-
resident graduate students are al-
ready paying $8,522 annually in 
tuition and fees - $1 ,500 more 
than the average at 23 other public 
institutions in the COWltry. 

The UCSD Guardian 

NURSES: Awaiting Results 
ContInued from page 1 

Three additional holidays would 
be added to the five currently ob-
served by the hospital as part of the 
agreement. 

If passed, nurses would receive 
time-and-a-half pay on Martin 
Luther King Day, Memorial Day, 
and Christmas Eve. 

In addition, Mack explained that 
the new contract would provide 
economic incentives for nurses to 
work weekends and overtime. 

Results of the voting will be de-
layed until all UC nurses vote, be-
cause while each campus has its 
own contract, the CNA is attempt-
ing to bring those contracts closer 
together. 

"Eventually ourgoal is toachieve 
not only salary parity, but also 
contract parity with all UC medical 
centers," Mack said. "It 's not 
something we can achieve overnight, 
but we' re making some steps in that 
direction." 

UCSA: Bill Being Lobbied 
ContInued from page 3 

McKay also believes the bill will run into opposition from the 
legislature, which is "already annoyed with [students)" for passing the 
RIMACreferendum last spring-adecision that will COSI students $70 
perquarter - afterpleading with legislators not to increase tuition fees. 
They agreed to this and passed a long-term fee policy. 

Legislators are "furious with [students)," she said 
A lener to the UCSA from the state legislature's Subcoouninee on 

Higher Education asks how a $60 per year system-wide fee increase 
could threaten access to higher education when students apparently 
have no problem approving a $200 per year increase for recreational 
facilities. 

According to the corruninee, "students seem to be sending a clear 
message through their referenda thai they can afford more." 

NEWS 7 

Who's going to win? 

What are the regents up to? 

GUARDIAN 
Read the Guardl.n and find out. 

The officials added that they 
adhered to a formula in the State-
wide Long-Term Student Fee 
Pollcy, passed last August, in 
calculating new fees. The policy 
stales that fee-level changes will 
reflectspecificchanges inthestate 
budget. 

The officials indicated that the 
increasesproposedwere"relatively 
modest" because the university is 
concerned about its ability to re-
main competitive with other insti-
tutions in recruiting outstanding 
graduate students. 

The fee increase comes on the 
heels of an increase approved by 
the regents on Sept. 21 , which in-
cluded a 10 percent rise in under-
graduate and graduate fees and a 
10.6 increasein out-of-statetuitioo. 
In addition, the regents voted to 
add a $376 annual fee for all law 
and medical students. 

The Guardian will not be published 
until Monday, November 26, due to 
the Thanksgiving holiday. 

Students pay at least two fees 
- educational and registration 
- in addition 10 variousmiscella-

CELEBRAnNG 10 YEARS OF SERVICE 

UCSD SPECIALS 
__ • I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 

~ MHsublsh. Isuzu Acura Dalhatsu Geo 
Excellent references from our sat/siled customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $35 ~reg . $55) 
1. Spill< plugs Our tune up iflc/ud6s a 101 more filM 0Ihets. H indJdes: 
2. Dislributor points 6. Clean & replenish aN ftuid & oi/levels 10. Check undercarriage for damages 
3. Condensers 7. Checkbrakas 11. Checfu:ooling system & hoses 
4. Adjustliming 8. Checkciltcfl 12. Road test 
5. Adjust dwell ll1gle 9. Check lights 

,2!eoint M!jp.!,!e",~~~~Cial ,!~~· 
2. Valve adjustment 11. Adjust timing 21. Check & replenish all 28. Chedl ll1d recha'ge 

Reptace: 12. Adjust dweU angle ftuid lI1d oil/evels battery, il necessary 
3. Vafve cover gasket 13. Adjust carburetor 22. Check eletrical system 29. Rotate tires (~ needed) 
4. Splvk plugs 14. Adjust steering box 23. Check tor loose or lost 30. Check tire pressure 
5. Distributor points 15. Adjus air & luel ratio mi. bolts 31. Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 16. Adjust dutch 24. Check brakes 32. Chedl aI hotders 
7. Air filler. 17. Adjust brakes 25. Check ~ch 33. Chedux:ooling system & 
8. Oil fi~er, 18. Adjust emergency brakes 26. Check lights hoses 
9. Gas IiIter. and 19. Check & adjust exposed 27. Check undercarriage lor 34. Chedl emaust system 
10. Engine oil bells damages 35. Road test 

20. Lube front end 

~'.f«6~r;_C;;pi;t;·CI~t~8hkj;b· $169 * 
Woreplace: 

1. Transmission i1puI shan seal (except 4. ThfOWOUl bearing Nola: Hydrauic ~s are not covered. 
Hondas 5. Pilot bearings NOC tor 4WD. Front wheel drive ema 

2. PrllSSlJre plate 6. New transnUsion oil . 
3. CIu1cfl cis<: 7. Road test 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
FronJ or rut. Srak8 job 1ncIud6s: 

1. !nstaI speciat new pads or Instatl rear brake shoes 5. Bleed eolie brake system 
2. Drain old brake ntid 6. Adjustlront Cd drlJrns) and rear shoes 
3. Inspect <XlII'IPiele hydraulic system 7. Reptace ~ont rotor seals (~ rotor tum) 
4. Relit hy<tautic tkJid 8, Road test 
_ : Hydrdc: parts .. noe_ 

.,... new ...... Ask.-.out ... ",111'"'''' for ..... ne ow ......... 
AI .... GIIl ..... z..,.... or 10,000-.1" .......... .,..m,. 

0 ................................ . 

el-seas ('most cars) OV - -k 8008 Miramar Rd . • ..1990 
AuIINMJIIwe RIp ... Oller good through Dec. 5, 1990 with this ad. 

,;aU f()( appoint1Tll1nt. 

•••••••• Towing and rental car available. Monday-Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm. Open Saturday 

• Quiche • Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads • Gourmet Coffee 
• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 

Need a Nice, Quiet Place To Study? 
How About Coming Over to Our House. 
OPEN 7 AM - 5 PM • 7 Days a Week • 481-8590 

1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 
(Comer of 13th & Stratford Court) 



8 SPORTS 

Fa::t ... (}.Ier 55 Califomia students managed their own businesses last summer 
Fa::t ... Their average earnings for the summer of 1990 were $1 0,700 
Fact ... They rontinued to prove a decade-Iong track reoord in business 
Fact ... These students all managed with Student Painter.:; ard gainoo valuable 
management expertise 
Fact .. Nos! territories will be filled by the end of November 
Management hirlng now taking place for the summer of 1991 

Roberl'sAuto 
German, Swedish 
Japanese Service 

• All Work Fully Guaranteed 
• Factory·Trained Specialists 

The UCSD Guardian 

STUDENT & YOUTH 
AIRFARES 
THE STUDENT 

TICKET 
ROUNDTRIP 

LONDON FROM $430 
PARIS FROM $660 
COSTA RICA FROM $370 
CARACAS FROM $370 
MEXICO CITY FROM $250 
BANGKOK FROM $989 
TOKYO FROM $575 
NYc/BOs/D.C. FROM $298 
CHICAGOIDAUAS FROM $238 

MULTI·STOP 
lAX· TAHITI-COOK ISlANDS· 
AUCKLAND· SYDNEY· SURFACE· 
CAIRNS·HO!IOlUlU·lAX InIm S1325 
lAX· IAI.J-HONG KONG· TOKYO-lAX 

flOln $1099 
• LOW COST ONE WAYS 
• FLY INTO ONE CITY & RETURN 

FROM ANOTHER 
• EURAIL PASSES / !.D. CARDS 
• CALL OR WRITE FOR FREE 

INFORMATION 

lH~ SlUDfNT lRAVEL NETWORK 
.. 

VISA' 

1·619·286·1322 (619)275-1132 
Mon.·Fri. 7 am-6:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-6 pm 

to our e..tOfflWN 

4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

5447 El CAJOII IOUlEVARIl 
SAllIIIE8O. CA 12115 

plJ.~J(l, ST/j 
tJ STA TRAVEL 

--------------------

10% OFF 
on all repairs * with this coupon 

OE:xcept moUlr and transmission overhaul. Not ooIid with any other coupon. 

Paper COYers rock, rock sma!hes 
scissors, scissors cut paper. Or 

more precisely: Paper Trends has the hipper 
coverups for wrapping that precious rock from La 
Jolla Jewelry Center. Which would be a smashing 

finale 10 a new cut and penn from Pinwheels. 

SEIZED CARS, lrucks, 4·wheelers. 
TVs, stereos. furniture. and computers 
by DEA, FBI, IRS, and US customs. 

Available your area now. 
CALL 1.lJ05-682-7555 EXT. C-l199 

Hey, a you wont 10 win the convenience game, 
CosIo Verde Center beats ai, hands down! 
Other stores: Big Bear • Dow Stereo 
• Pier 1 • Westhaven Gifts 
• Graphics Gallery • HotSpots 
• Men's Weomouse • Chong's Cuisine 

Monday, November 19, 1990 

[f)[}{) 0 [l a 0 
PRIME 
PICKS 

BY PHIL GRUEN 
PHIL'S RECORD IS 4-5 

MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL 
FAYORITE 
MIAMI 

~ 
*3 1/2 

UNDERDOG 
L.A. Raiders 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS ... It's a miracle. Finally, a 
Monday night game that actually means something. 
And the funny thing is - tonight's game is probably 
one of the only ones that seemed insignificant before 
the season started. After all, not too many people 
predicted that the Raiders (6-3) would be leading the 
AFe West, and nobody could have guessed that the 
Dolphins would be 8-1 with the second-best record in 
the conference. And, more ironically, how could 
anybody have figured the Dolphins - known 
perennially for their offense - would be dominating 
the NFL in defense, having allowed only 96 points in 
nine games. But then again, considering that Miami's 
1990 defense has been bolstered by defensive back 
Tim McKyer - a former San Francisco 4ger -
perhaps it makes sense. And besides, the Dolphins are 
playing the Raiders, and the Raiders, simply, are from 
Los Angeles. And we all know what that mean : I 
don 't like them. Obviously, PHIL says ... 

TAKE MIAMI 
• OffiCial line from Wil€k~asllVQler Palo Club, Bruvold, CA 

FEATURES 
Monday, November 19, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Photographs by Roger Hayashi/Guardian 

CONSTRUCTION TIME AGAIN 
• On site with the builders of 
the Central Library addition 
By Phil Ireland 
Staff Writer 

I fell like some kind of lurking perven hanging around the library 
enlrance waiting for the construction worker to take their lunch. [ spied 
various 19100s, Little O:.'Cars, Ihermoses, and brown bags, the stuff of the 
working man 's midday break, hanging on a chain link fence. It was 11 :45 
and] knew that if those coolers were full.l'd have my talk. So I hunkered 
down in Ihe din to wait and see. 

Thedepths of the library had once more been exposed 10 the light ofday 
by the hardware of construction ; the lumbering behemoth graders lmd 
lowering cranes, the backhoes and Bobcats, Ihe fork Ii fts of various siLe~ 
and shapes, and lhe water lruck~ and dump lruclo..s. m :>tly gone now lhat 
Ihe pit had bet:n dug. Now is the time for hand~. 

In Dect;mber of 1991. we will have a newly-expanded central library 
or novel design . The new mulli ~tory 'lddition will be built into the ~ide~ 
of the hills surrounding the cum:nt MruClure. It will be Iii by naturalliglit 
we lls and covt:red with sad to maintain a pilrk ·1 ike ambience. It is the Io..ind 

See CONSTRUCTION, Page 10 

FEATURES 9 

'Grassroots' 
Offers 
Hands-on 
Exper.ience 
By Sangeeta Mehta 
Associate Features Editor 

"Being at a UC is often a bum· 
mer because it focuses ... on 
theory," said communications 
major Heidi Harrison. 

But as Harrison learned, at least 
one class is an exception to this 
beli ef; Grassroots Communica-
tion s (Co mmunication s/Soci al 
Force 175) "goes beyond univer-
si ty-offeredcourses. 1t is definitely 
a hands-o n experience," said 
Monica Harrich, a coordinator of 
the class. 

Taught by Professor Philip 
Decker. Grassroots gives students 
the opportunity 10 develop their 
own communications mediums 
with which to benefit local non· 
profit organizations. 

Class ic examples of these me-
diums include videotapes, slide 
shows, flyers , and newsletters. 
Students may even use puppets or 
photo-murals as their mediums. 

"The point ," aid Harrich, "is to 
find an organization you're inter-
ested in and make the community 
more aware of its existence." 

According to the course an-
tholo gy, another purpose of 
Grassroots Communications is to 
"work for social change in San 
Diego, by designing and producing 
media works that serve those or-
ganizat ions' needs." 

Harrich explained how the class, 
which is limited to 28 students, 
meets this goal. At the beginning 
of the quaner, studenls decide on 
topics they want to explore. This 
quarter, topics include children, 
migrants. the enVironment, and 
racism. 

Harich said that clas members 
divide into six groups, wuh each 
student joining the group that re-
flects his or her topic of interest. 
Each gr('up then chooses a specific 
organization to represent, such as 
the YMCA. 

Lisa asser. also a coordinator 
of the class, said that students can 
now ask "what they can do to help 
the organization [and) what me-
dium would best suit [Ihe organi-
zation). " 

Harrison 's group decided Ihat 
creating a fact sheet would best 
benefit the children's resource 
center of the YMCA. 

"Something needed to be done 
[that) explained to the whole county 
of San Diego what's out there [in 
terms of) the different child care 
organizations," HaITi on said. 

When new people come to the 
area, perhaps from the military, 
Harrison explained. they have little 
idea about what types of day-care 
are available fortheirchildren. The 
children's resource center of the 
YMC does provide this informa-
tion. but their fact heet was "very 
poorly puttogelher,"said Harri on. 

Thus.llarn 11' group revi ed 
lhe YM A's previous fa t heet, 
inserting computer.drawn graphs, 
Jnd improving the wording. 

The fact heet. which wlil be 
See GRASSROOTS, Page 11 



10 FEATURES 

CONSTRUCTION 
Continued from page 9 
of design that attract attention and 
maintains a timeles~ appeal to the 
architectural deSIgner as well as 
the laymen 

It take the extension of mind 
through hands and tools to shape 
and build. Wllh lag shooting like 
day stars, the welders work the 
rebar into a framework around 
which the concrete will be poured. 

The framers pound nails into 
construction grade fir, sap still 
oozing from its core, to build forms 
for containing the concrete. 

The concrete men, shovels and 
trowels and rakes at the ready, 
shape and smooth the viscuous grey 
matrix until it dries - the eanh, 
wood, and ky sucking its moisture 
into hardness. 

Construction workers are a 
cagey lot. Like anyone else, they 
have a fearofbeing misrepresented, 
of being cast in mold not of their 
ChooSlOg, of being shaped like 0 
much concrete. 

" 'Do you like your 
job?' I asked, 

'Hate it,' he replied. 
'Gimme some good 
lotto numbers, that's 
what I need, '" 

" Do you like yourjob?" I asked. 
" Hate It," he replied. "Gimme 

some good Lotto number~, that 's 
what J need," he said. 

" What do you like about work-
109 on campus?" I asked, deter-
mined to get this tory . 

"You asking me, is it pretty?" 
he countered. 

"Yeah," I said. 
"Oh, yeah, it's pretty, nothing 

out here but trees and din." 
"Oh, yeah, and that scenery 

eomin ' down the walks," someone 
else chimed in. Raucous laughter. 
Things were beginning to loosen 
up .. , a little. 

Tn an interview with general 
foreman Bryan Fiehler, a five-year 
veteran with McKee, the company 
working on the library addition, I 
asked about completion of the 
project, slated for December J 991. 

"A job like this is going to be a 
showcase job ... naturall y you feel 
good about it .. .It 's a good de-
sign ... " 

Fiehler's and McKee's concern 
for the students is evident. 

"(The project) is an mconve-
nience to the students ... but we're 
trymg to accommodate [them)." 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 19,1990 

I felt like a dentist with a pair of 
pliers as I tried to get these men in 
the library pit to open their mouths 
and tell me how they felt about life 
and work on the UCSD campus. 

To minimize any inconve-
nience, they have taken on an 
"aggress ive chedule" of comple-
tion and, according to Lock, the 
project is currently on schedule 
and budget. 

Back if' the pit , 1 asked Harlan 
Dankau, a concrete laborer on 
campus for three weeks, if his job 
was dangerous. 

Roger Hayashi/Guardian 
Although hazards exist on the construction site, a safety supervisor works to minimize the danger. 

" Whatever we say you're gonna 
tum it around," one worker said, 
who wished to remain anonymous. 
"Besides, we're not allowed to talk 
to anyone on campus-that 's why 
we're skeptical about talkin ' to 
you." 

"There' s al ways danger. .. 
anytime you're working with 
cranes and something above you. 
There are al 0 holes you could fall 
into ... ," he said. 

direction and safety in front of the 
new library entrance. Aspartofhis 
duties, he sweeps and cleans the 
pedestrian access to the entrance, 
keeping din and mud from accu-
mulating on the path. 

Lock noted a danger of another 
sort, one of frustration to himself 
and the safety manager. 

"There is a concern .. , that the 
mountain over there [the mound of 

din in what used to be Parking Lot 
501] has become an adventure zone 
for some of the fraternities . .. the 
material up there is not packed .... 
It is loosely-compacted fill. I would 
like to stress the danger in that. . . 
there is a real possibility that one of 
those trips up there couId trigger 
(an avalanche) and cause someone 
a real problem .... It's deadly seri-
ous., .. I don't think the people 

going up there realize what a dan-
ger it is." 

Lock s aid many signs are 
posted around the mound in an 
attempt to discourage climbin~ 
but have done little to alleviate the 
problem. 

A request by McKee to place a 
24-hour guard at the base of the 
mound was denied by UCSD au-
thorities . 

With a strict prohibition about 
talking or relating in any way with 
s tudents, they looked at me 
askance, doubtful and fearful. I 
could cost them thei r jobs. 

Guy Chandler is the safety su-
pervisor fort he library si teo His job 
is to assure proper employee safety 
training , work with Occupational 
Safety and Health Administration 
in case of reponable injury (none 
to date), and insure physical site 
safety (fencing and wamingsigns). 

The Answering Machine By Christina Huizar and Jeffrey Yamaguchi 
I explained that I had talked to 

the on-site Project Manager, Page 
Lock, and that he had given me 
permission to interview any worker 
that would talk to me. Not surpris-
ingly, this did little to dispel their 
misgivings. 

"What's your name?" I asked. 
Laughter answered. 
" What do you do?" I tried again. 
''I" m ajockey, I drive that shovel 

over there - it hasn't won a race 
yet." More laughter. 

Although there are hazards at 
any construction site , McKee has 
managed to minimize danger to its 
own personnel and the general 
UCSD population. 

Flagman Benito Garcia noted 
that " ... the students sometimes do 
not pay attention to where they are 
going and the trucks are coming 
out of the site .... It is very danger-
ous. " 

Garcia is charged with traffic 

EAT CHEAP! 

Hi. This is KelJy , I'm not here righl now 
nor am I in any photographs, So you won't 
be suing me. 

•••• 
. ',?;; ~ ~ )~ 

UCSD Lunch Specials '. 
All Nite Long P.~7 

~~'!:;~() ---

• 
• 
• 
• 
• I BJ'sfamous lunch specials now available a~~r . r ~ ~ 

.... - Homemade Lasagna wirh meat sauce 
DIne-I" 01l1y lor Ibis spfIC/ill oiTIft'. All spoaais IrlCt,uIe salad.S."M..,. 10 "-!JOt 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
• I 
I 
• I 

• UCSD's Origillal Pizzeria Is stllltbe best! ExpIr<lI2119190 I 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

~------. 
BEEEEEEP! 

Kelly, Ibis is Ibe President. t know GonIon 
has tried to get. hold of you , 001 I thought 
I'd calt my .. lf and let you know lhatl am 
counting on you . t need your help. I need 
you to find my bugle. Kelly, how do you 
e:tpect me lO run this country without my 
bugle? 

Mond,IY, NO\cmbcr 1') , 19')0 

GRASSROOTS 
Continued from page 9 
11I1I,hnl at the end 01 Ihe quanl'r. l'larifil:' 
the tj po:, 01 da) -ca l L avallahle-. Ih,lr pll':~" 
and titclr capaLitics. 

Accmdillg 10 II all i,on, titl: facl ,hcet 
bcnefit~ the YM( A. child ren In need 01 
day-care. unu the Count) of San Dlo:go, 1'01 
the ~hcct goc, to Ic!!i,lator, and lIIa~ 01"'., 
who arc "the peopk tlwt lead thl' Cit)." ,aid 
lIarrhon. 

lIarri one~plallled that these politician, 
call , after luo"-lI1g at the fac i 'heet. lind out 
\\ halnccd., to bc improved about 
day-care in San Diego, 
then make nece"ar) 
ch~!nge~: 

Lori David 's 
group ha, cho-
,en t work 
with CentJ 0 de 
Asunto, 
Mi g ratore, 
(CA M), oth-
erwbe known 
as the Center 
for Migratory 
Affa ir" which 
i a legal group 
that he 'p~ migrants. 

David sa id that her 
group 's project is c reat-
ing a s lide show for a posada 
CAM is hosting. 

'"A posada ," David explained, "is a 
candlelight walk. It' s a Mexican tradi:ion 
for Christmas." 

David said that a posada represents Mary 
and Joseph 's struggles to find a place to 
stay , as they were repeatedly turned down 
until they reached the stables. 

"The whole thing is a metaphor of the 
immigrants' plight of looking for a place to 
go, but not always being welcomed," David 
said. 

The purpose of the slide show is to " raise 

ThL' l ' ,51) G t1,lrdi,1I1 

COIl'CIOII'IIL'" Ilorltlle plight 01 th~ IIlUIlI 
!!ranh:' ',I,d DilVld. h~ "dlled tlhlt 111L': 
hope t(l '"tlra\\ ,'lIlIlarllll" [to I help pcn!,!.: 
ICJil/L' Ih.1t \\L"'L' ,dllllllllil'rJIlI, hl'n:. allli 
Ihl' ),Il"\'>111 ,holiid ,top." 

I hL' ,hdo: ,how 1I1L Iud,:, ,lie Ilm:"'lpcople 
at Fill'> 1,1,lIld \\,lItin~ tncntel. b,"LiL'Il:Il'" 
In!!' III Sail DIL'go. Il1lgralll lal111 \\orkl' r, III 
thL' lIo:1d. ilnd oldL'1 Llrl11L'r, 

"\Vc'rc ,hm\ Illg that \\ hat", g(lllll! Oil 
toda} WL'1Il on bef()re. III,t tho: Italiilll ' 
[.mdl .. the l",h <:Jme; now il s thL' hlipi 
11m, lalldl Ihl' VIL'lnJIIlL"L':' ,aid Da\ Ill. 
"The dl\ L'r,ity ()f ,\l1ll'l iC:J IS " hat lIIakcs II 

gr~at ,. 
Tu clId thl' Chicano I·cdo:rallon. 

Scott Deal s group 1\ wnt 
in~ a IlC\\ ,Ieth:r. 

\Jormall). the 
ChICano Federa 
tion hold, a lead 
ership train In!! 

pro~rmll for lIll 
der-pnvlleged 
Chicano ... 
"[Tho'>c in-
volvedl learn 
,"-ill, to ht:lp 
Impro ve the m-

sel ve, to become 
more invol ved 

wi th the commu -
nity," Deal ·aid . 
For the program to 

continue, it s alumni need to 
become re-in vol ved, accordi ng to Deal. 

But the Chicano Federation has not been 
able to get in touch with all of the alumni. 

Thenewsleuer, however,aids the Chicano 
Fede ratioll in dealing with thi s problem. 
Mailed to the alumni the Federation has 
contacted, the newsletter lists up-coming 
c1as,l's and events of the leadership training 
program, spotlights deserving Chicanos, in-
cludes a que tionnaire, and most impor-
tantly, indicate which alumni the Federa-
tion has been unable to find, so that those 

See GRASSOOTS, Page 17 

To GEORGE, 
COLLEGE Is ALL 
GoLF AND 
CHAMPAIGN. 
Champaign , a s in Champaign, 
Illino is , where George Sakas is a 
Mas ter's Degree candl dale at the 
University of IllinO IS 

And Golf. as In Georg e's 1987 
Volkswagen Golf. 

"This car's great to drive We've 
taken it on road trips to Florida 
and allove r the Midwest Golfs 
got that s peCi al, so lid Volkswagen 
feel." (Hey George. the word IS 
FahrvergnOgen I) 

"Golfs got lots of room for 
friends And Its hatchback design 
has come in handy for the many 
times I ve moved .. 

Fo r practtca llty, performance and 
the fun of FahrvergnOgen, take It 
from George 
A d k G If --::.~ n ta e up O. .\1\. 

Fl::.ATL' RbS 11 

Collegiate Crossword 

ACROSS 44 Coffln Handc;. 
46 wel1·~nowr' e.ec· 

12 Anqry .... tbursts 
13 low, wet land 

I - ;>aper tronlC'i company 14 Stupid 
6 Cut 47 - ear 19 :irauped closely 

22 Hospltal con-11 Str'l1g of bedd'i 48 (xchanged words 
13 Berated SO ",ide's partner va 1 esce"ce rooms 

24 Suppor t 1 ng under-
garments 

15 Italian food Sl Bowling ball 
16 "60 Minutes " host material 
17 Linguist1Cs suffl ... 53 Schol arly 26 Hangs ten 
18 Cotton cloth 55 Penods of time 28 Ways of conduct i ng 

oneself 20 Part of, C 56 Brown Hh pigments 
21 T1Me penods 57 Know the -
23 Tennis term 58 G1\1eS a sign&1 
24 Sla ng for fir., 
25 Tne Flintstones ' 

30 God of the sky 
31 Ike's lnltlals 

--:3J Pl ana k.eys 

pet , et al. 
27 Statement term 
28 Boseba ll ho ll -of-

famer, - Irvin 
29 11; I itary gestures 
31 SoIls 
32 Greek s tatesma n 
34 Greek i s land 
36 leve Ii ng deY ; ces 
39 Baseba 11 MVP of 

1961 
40 - forma 
41 Pi ano s eat 
43 Mr. Kazan 

DOWN 34 Qu al Ity 
35 South Ameri ca n 

1 Pol ishing clo t h river 
Z Old Ita li an cap i ta l 37 - nail 
3 Prefh f or gram or 38 Mu sica l pieces 

graph 39 Oistrlbuted 
4 Drop into water 40 Forest Inventory 
5 l amprey f1Sherman 42 Anci en t harps 
6 like a snake 44 College in Ma ine 
7 Pr i son section 45 Type s tyle 
8 Buil ding win<j 48 - one's tIme 
9 Unyield ing 49 Forma l fIght 

10 Takes back, as a 52 Si esta 
statement S4 Short for Deoxy-

11 Be li ef ribonuc le ic acid 

Answers on page 17 

I TI S W HAT M A K E SAC A R A VOL K S WAG E N . 



12 ARTS & E TERTAINMENT T he UCSD G uardian 

Jambay Mes es Musical Styles 
• Local band known for its improvisation plays tonight at Winston 's 
By Jenn ifer Yancey dents. They play all ongtnal mu- wouldn't haveagigfora week and a family." 
Arts & Entertamment EdItor SIC, and generall} the majority of a half, and we'd be drlVing no- One of the biggest differences 

In a mu ic cene where e\er) their shows are imprmisallonal. where, and everyone would smell." with this band is its huge range of 
band sounds lIke another, II 1. a "When you come to hear us play "Welived in a little cabin on the musical influences - but it is thi s 
ple<c ant surprise to encounter a you'll hearthing that we've never coast for a couple weeks," Butler variety which allows the group to 
group like Jambay . Ius well-I..nown heard before becau~e it's all going continued. "The first few day we create its diverse music. ''The di f-
in San Diego for its unique brand to be happenlllg right there." Doty were there we set up our stuff, and ferences coming in is like butting 
of ImproVisatIOnal rocl./R&B, and stated. we were tol..ed to have a place to heads, and ometimes it gets too 
has garnered a loyal following. The The band ,hares a cl ,e rela- practice whenever we wanted, but harsh, but meshing usually pre-
key to Jamba) lie~ III it ....----------------- ----.------------, vai l ," Butler offered. 
honest). There are no The musical differences 
gimmicks ortnck -just are reflected in th band's 
four talented mUSicians fans, whose musical taste 
having a good lime pla,- run the gamut from Bad 
ing together. and making Brains to the GratefulDead. 
some pretl) in~redlble Few bands around today 
mUSIc tn the prQ\.e, . can profess to have such a 

Jamba) L compnsed vaned following. 
ot drummer/vocah,t Man Another unique feature 
Butler. guitamt/vocahst of the band is that it is not 

helley Dot~. !!ui taristl just one band, but two. 
vocalist Chm Haugen, Whe n the band plays 
and bassl~t/vocalist Mike acoustically, it u es the 
Sugar. Haugen and Butler name The Lazy Porchdogs. 
had played together The members explained 
throughout high chool in that their foc us this year 
Oregon, and regrouped has been primaril y on 
when Haugen moved lambay. "We found th is 
down toSan Diego to play summer that you can' t just 
with the others. The band arrive in a town where no 
emphaSize that lambay IS 
now their career. "Chris (I to r) Doty, Sugar, Butler, and Haugen perform acoustically in Berkeley. one has ever heard of you, and call yourself by two 

names," Doty stated, "So for pub-
licity purposes we' rejustJambay." 

moved down here to play with us. 
hedidn't move down here to go to 
UCSD," Dot, explallled. "People 
ask me now that I've graduated, 
what am I gOtng to do? Well, I 'm 

tionship - not only as musicians, 
but as roommates and friends. They 
spent the entire summer touring 
the West Coast ina van, playingon 
the street between gigs to rai e 
money. Do they ever get tired of 
spendir.g so much time together? 
"It will never get any wor ethan 
this summer," Butler responded. 
"There were times when we 

we really couldn ' t play for some 
reason. So we'd do other things, 
and for like three or fo ur days we 
didn't play at all." Jambay performs tonight 

at WInston's (1921 Bacon, 
222-6822), and will co· 
headline with Roughneck 
Posse at the Belly Up (143 
S. Cedros Ave. 481 -
9022)Tues. night at 9 p.m. 

d0111g ir." 
The fact that th l band I~ their 

hvelihood sets them apart from 
some of the other local bands. The 
members are musiCians before stu-

"That time made me think that 
we could work as fnends, in tead 
of just as business partners and 
mu IClans," he concluded. "We 
didn 't just all go our own ways, 
instead, it turned into some kind of 

A Symbolic Blending of Cultures 
• Body Tjak mingled the traditional with the contemporary, the Eastern with 
the Western , and the sacred with the secular in Friday night's performance 
By Leng Loh 
Arts & Entertamment EdItor 

Imagine a blend of a Broadway rev ue and 
a drill team, with a little breakdancing, lap-
dancing, and juggltng thrown in. Then add 
some puppets, gongs, bells, chanti ng, and a 
dance depicting the story of a monkey army. 

Imagine no longer. All these elements 
were found in last Friday night 's perfor-
mance in the Mandeville Auditorium by 
Body Tjak, an Indonesian-American music/ 
dance troupe. 

Body Tjak combined traditional Balinese 
dajlCe and.~~jc with contemporary "body 

mu~ ic" (creating rhythms and sound with the 
body a la Bobby McFerrin) to explorecultural 
conflicts and integration. A touch of spoken 
commentary was provided by two godlike 
figures that brought Greek drama to mind 
(ponrayed by a male and female dancer 
wearing literally larger-than-life costumes 
fashioned after shadow puppets). In addition, 
two small shadow puppets hovered at the 
edges like emcees, providing visual feedback 
as they tapped each other's shoulders and 
silently " whispered" 10 one another through-
out the performances. 

The troupe, led jointly by American Keith 
Terry and Indonesian I Wayan Dibia, is 
comprised of twel ve Americans and twelve 
Indonesians. The twel ve Americans hail from 
a myriad of cultural backgrounds and train-
ing (including a half-Japanese half-Latino, 
and a Chinese who grew up in Jamaka), 
while the Indonesians are all affiliated with 

the IndoneS ian College of Art in Denpasar, 
Bali, where Dibia is assistant director. 

During a segment entitled ''The Past," the 
two groups presen ted dances demonstrating 
the seeming disparity between their separate 
cultures. Thelndonesian halfofthe ensemble 
presented adaptations of "kecak" ("keh-
chak"), a ritual depicting a portion of the 
Hindu epic Ramayana. [n the kecak, partici-
pants create interlocking vocal patterns with 

"Keith Terry's group 
showed that , contrary to 
popular opinion, America is 
not entirely without its unique 
cultures, even if they aren't 
as ancient and established 
as the Balinese." 
the sound "chak" (hence the name), eventu-
ally inducing a trance among all those taking 
part. The overall effect was powerlul, con-
veying a distinctive sense of community: 
every move was a planned, integral , and 
meaningful pan of the story being told; no 
single panicipant was more promi nent than 
any other in the perlonnance. 

In contrast, the American body music 
dancers delighted in accentuating their indi -
viduality. Solo dancers tangoed, tapdanced, 
juggled, and played guitar - appearing to 
enjoy displaying their individual prowes -
while the rest called out encouragement and 

accompanied them with claps, stomps, finger 
snaps, and by slapping their bodies. Various 
ethnic influences could be found in their styles, 
ranging from African and Brazilian to A ian 
and Middle Eastern. Through their varied per-
formance, Keith Terry 's group showed that, 
contrary to popular opinion, America is not 
entirely without its unique cultures, even if 
they aren't as ancient and established as the 
Balinese. 

The contrast between the two perlormance 
styles was immense - the Indonesians, intense 
in their religious ritual; the American, enjoy-
ing their individuality. 

Yet, the god fig ures informed the audience, 
conflict arises from the e dissimilaritie . The 
segment entitled "The Present" depicted the 
dissonance and struggle encountered when the 
two cultures emphasize their differences. These 
hostilities, they pointed out, are also found in 
the struggle between men and women, and rich 
and poor; they are not just problems of national 
origin. They are problems of communication 
between different human beings. 

Terry and Dibia humorously explored the 
intricacies of communication through non-
verbal utterances and po tures as the rest of the 
troupe sat cross-legged producing a steady 
background rhythm. Terry and Dibia slowly 
approached and cirCled around each other, all 
the while making animal-like noises; each 
would try to echo the other's utterances with a 
smi rk of superiori lY. Yet this sense of superi -
ority was allayed by the fact that they were 

See BALI, Page 14 

N 
Monday, November 19, 1990 

p---------------------I · .. ~evjve 15 01.. I I ol'dystg~r~~~ -Iooffl 
I J SJR~ WE Any hoe or I 
1 CAN! Leather I 
: ~ Repair 1 
11!c-;. (f""'t't.,;r\ . ........., "..,"')10"" ..... ...". VAllDI 
• 

v .11~'i""') "IOTHEO omll · Au. CO..,.,.'Ton ? ,,"'" li~ ~ CDUI'UH ACD7J'l!D . ..... ,J I 'oN I r.. t"~f H \,\,\\,t- urc LaJoU.Coh.y 
I . - rut to Sear. 1721 ReaaD Rd. L 55a-m1 ,51-1 .. 2 

r--------------- ----: $399 ::: 
I 8-11" latex; Add a I mylar balloon for $2. 00 
1 
1 
• • 

EIpOM'>J>_ -" $ftta.t1 
an adventure c,8.1."\J,..~ next to Vons .. 
cards and gifts 450-0709 

1\lNMENT 
The UCSD Guardian ARTS & ENTERTAIN MENT 13 

Hitting Home with the Pre-Teen Audience 
By Julie Heimler 
GuardIan Reporter 

10hn Hughes must have had a very trau-
matic childhood. Parents in his films always 
eem to neglecttheirchildren. Hughes started 

this trend in "Sixteen Candles," a film which 
focuses on how a 16-year-old girl feel s 
when she realizes her parents have com-
pletely forgotten her birthday. Then, in the 
film "Uncle Buck," Hughes portrays parents 
who go on vacation and leave the ir chi ldren 
behind, to be cared for by the ir wacky, 
irrespons ible uncle. 

However, both of these films seem mild 
compared to Hughes' latest film, "Home 
Alone." In which eight-year-old Kevin 
McAlii ter's family is already on a plane 
bound for Paris to celebrate Christmas when 
his parellls realize they have left something 
at home: Kevin. 

Written and produced by Hughes and 

directed by Chris Columbus, "Home Alone" 
focuses on how Kevin ente rtains himself for 
the three days that he is by himself while he 
waits for someone to retrieve him. Although it 
is a child's worst nightmare to be left home 

" Although it is a child's worst 
nightmare to be left home 
alone for any length of time, 
Kevin handles it better than 
any adult would in a similar 
situation. " 

alone for any length of lime, Kevin handles it 
better than any adult would in a similar situa-
tion. 

His maturity and cleverness reach beyond 
hi. years; though his maturity IS not too believ-

able, and neither is the rest of the film. I f you 
accept the premise that parents could actu-
ally miscount the ir children and assume that 
their younge t is on a plane with them, then 
it probably is not too difficult to believe that 
an eight-year-old is able to protect hims~1f 
from two robbers. 

If an adult fo und out that local robbers 
were on the prowl , heorshe would probably 
call 9 I I immediately. Kevin, on the other 
hand decides to protect his home and cap-
ture the crooks himself, using a series of 
traps which would impress even lames Bond. 

The only thing harder to believe than the 
intricate traps he sets is how on earth the 
crooks were able to survive and keep com-
ing back for more after betng bumed, shot in 
the groin, hit on the head WIth an Iron, and 
slammed into a brick wall. 

Although the "cartoon Violence" was 
See HOME, Page 14 

la jolla c 
La Jolla Colony Plaza is your neighborhood convezllence center. The Plaza 

features over 20 merchants including retail, restaurants, health care and other 
essential every-day services ... all based around one of the newest and cleanest 
grocery stores in the area - VONS. 

Unlike other shop-
ping centers, the Plaza 
has lots of free park-
ing to make every 
shopping trip from a 
quick stop to a Satur-
day morning excur-
sion, easy and fun! 

r-----------------, There is a reason we 
say this is your neigh-
borhood shopping 
center. We believe in 
treating our neighbors 
like neighbors by pro-
viding the best service 
and products possible . 

7770 Regents Road 

.--------------------~ I I 1 MAIL lIClXlS ETC: 453-7331 I 
I I 
1 Office Products I 
I Copies· Fax· Notary I 
: IRS Tax Refunds in 3 Days : 
1 We're The Biggest Becaust. We Do It Right I 
II Monday.Friday. 8:30 am - 6:00 pm I 

Saturday: 9:30 am - 3:00 pm I 

:--------------------~ 
: ICE CREAM • YOGURT : 
I Buy a medium or larger I 
I size yogurt or ice cream I 
I and receive a small one I 
I I 
I FREE! G : 
I Toppings extra. One offer per customer. I 

VISIT THESE FINE MERCHANTS TOO A Yl II Void with any other offer. 453-3663 . I 
'E;fJliru 12/ 1 $/90 1 

~--------------- -------------------~-------------------- ... I.~ 7708 ~~e~~:~~a~S~t~2~ !:;~ $ * Ho. Ho, Ho! ~ '* '* : : . mr~ t ;;;." I~g~l 1 
.;;;;;-------___ ~~ ___ I • complete printing service 0 • ;' !'t'~ MARK YOUR 1- - - - - - - _ . ( < - - - - - - - --' I UTURA PROPERTIES (619) 457-27301 • high speed copying 0 5¢ copies (whne bond) • I \121' .' CALENDARS!! I In Appreciation ... .. 4,.One Dozen (13) Bagels I 

. 1 • letterhead 0 envelopes. NCR 0 1 '-- . " SANTA I I & A Large Cream Cheese I I L~st and sell y~ur property v~u~d arlcast $400,0001 • business cords 0 rubber stamps. I . I ON E FR EEl I I With usandreceIve a membership mthe Hyatt Rcgency o FAX service 0 I " B 11 I Only I 
I Aventine Health Club, or cash equivalent. .1 • spirol & velo bindings 0 I", Comes to La Jolla : choice?g(~ 0 ~~;5/90) I $5 99 I 
1 10% Discount on Printing Orders 1 Colony Plaza xp. • I 
I Purchase areal estate property valued atleast$500,OOOI Phone 546 -7885 I ' . D b 8 hi ' ExdudeoPizzaOfC_BaQM I (exp. 12115/90) I 
land receive a Aventine Health Oub membership. I FAX 546 -7892 ;;'uPICk-uP&delivery I .~" ecem er t ~453-924a:777oRegentsRd.#106-1 r--------------------t---------------------r--------------------i----------------~---~ 1 • You can hove a Whiter, r- ___ 1 ~ I 50lJ1 OFF I 
: • Brighter, Winning Smile ~__ I I -'0 : 
• I ask us at ' ~ 1 DR. KEITH JEFFERS, D.C. 1 Maximum 6 piece dry cleaning order only. I 
1 I 546-8600 •• I "The Running Doctor" I 455-0077 I 
1 I • 1 C I I Open 7 days a week- 11 :00 am to Midn ight I • FomllyondCosmellcDeotislly 1 Jeffers Chiropractic a Sports Injuries 1 OLONY CLEANERS • I Food-to-Co I • Eorty ond ioteoppolntrnenfl with ourfllendly. COIIng stolT I 1 I 
I Phone in orders for fast pickup I Denn'l$ N Jacobs DDS 7748 Regents Rood 1 (619) ~2-7770 I 9{pt valii witli. an": otfler coupon. offir. 1 
I 546-7666 ! ' I • • • ~'j~i~~oIOny ! I Ortt coupon per Utvoiu. 'E~ 12/ 15/90 I 
r---G';;n'7tOp;;i~gs;e~i~i-- -------------T--:iajiiMiir~---ip:;==;.-tZ-;:.;;;.:;:.--~ 
I 15% off*' ..,.nJ.nIn I ~ 'ThflP"Stnlll~- 1 11 ~ P -I a /'J _ l P"""' I L:. 7770 Regents Road, San Diego '12 riC e 
: ~7tturgItt1lfJ1fe . von,~;:;:t~~ony . . ..... I 4S2-~ET~JI~ 9. ! EYEGLASS SPECIAL * I 
I MANDARIN CUISINE M6-1949 I Bnng In thiS coupon to receive 1 Buy one pair ot regular price. get the second one VI Prlcel 
1 OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 1 $3 OFF $2 OFF $1 OFF. $3 00 OFF' .·Iower pric..:j 'rome ..... be half priet . bofll pail ",..., be file· I DINE IN - TAKE OUT 1 •• lz ICIITlII pteIC,.,rlon and O<do<od at file ~ liM. ~I 
I 452-6888 1 36 Exp. 2A Exp. 12 Exp. I Any p.urchase of $15 or mor: eoYl>OnDAOIN,nIEofLO«ieJ r~"SE'2JN'5BI'IOA' UM 0 D I 
L . 1 o...Ioping&PI1nltngColorPl1nIAimNOUMIT • "' .. volid ... OOO .. Colf_"'..toi...... • "" • •• 1 Minimum '10.00 order. Expires 12/ 15/90 _' ___ II .. ' ... &IJ • • _"' .... ,_ ...... __ . _ ,~_ I!XPIRBSt1M-'O 546 19'''0 -----------------------------------------~--------------------- - - ~ .I 

-----------------



14 ARTS & E 

500 OFF! any 
ICE CllEAM 
TBEA~ 
U80 Batenta Parlt Bow 
887-3680 

~_.AUTOPORT MAll MIRAMAR __ • 

I 

! 
I 

TOM'S Master Mechanics 
= ==== exclusively WV and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Aud i • ASE Certified 
-------------------------DISCOUNT-

with this ad • Ex!",., 12/3/90 
.~$~ present c~upon and valid UCSD lOot tll"'l9 of esilmote 

Nor VOItd \jrrllTn ~ engine Of tlonsn~$Ivn repolls 

I 

II ~-.. CALL CALIFORNIA 
I i 1450-9494 1 B~~ I I , ... '()M)I/IH - >"(1 I 
I ~ _. I 
I ~ I 
II If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them I 

About Us; If They Haven't Discovered I 

L Us Yet, Ask Us For References. I 5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE I 
--------- --------------.-

"Home Alone" star Macaulay Culkin fends off local burglars. 

HOME 
Continued from page 13 
difficull to si t through. the howling 
throughout the film from the pre-

teen~ in the audience makes it 
evident that the film is directed 
toward a vel)' elect audience. 

The wo;st part of the film, how-
ever, is wat..:hing Joe Pesci, whose 
career appears to be just abuut to 
skyrocket after his success in 
" Goodfellas." degrade himself by 
playingoneoftheimbecile robbers 
- a role that doe not require any 
acting ability whatsoever. 

Macaulay Culkin does an in-

credible job of portraying young 
Kevin M cAlli ster, a character that 
appears to have been made e pe-
cially for him. 

Becau e Kevin is the main 
character, it's up to him to carry 
the weight of the film; it is lucky 
for him (and us) that he has such a 
wonderful sense of comedic tim-
ing for a boy his age. 

Although it might be difficult 
to wholly accept the premise of the 
film (it i impossible and absurd). 
Hughes ha at least once again 
succeeded in creating dialogue that 
captures the lingo and mentali ty of 
adolescent and pre-pubescent kids. 

Mond,\)'. Novcmber L 9, 1 <)<,)0 

BALI 
Continued from page 12 
e\ l'nlllaklll,'! ilil ,lltC'III!'tt" Ulklel 

~tallli ~adJ Dthl!1 tlllllll)' h tlJ~1 r 11111 
tatilln. 

In th~ 11IIai ~l'!!mc·111. "Th.: Fu · 
tUI~." thl! t\~O cultUI~~ bq;an III 
mcrge ih th.: I..ccaI.. vocal pat 
t~IIlS COlllblll.:d \~ nil Ih~ upbeat 
bod} musIc. thl'rl! I\;h ill II r~t a 
gcnl'n11 confusion, like thl! hubbuh 
hcarLl at partie, 1\ helC lIlany con-
vcrsations overlap. But III the con-

fu~ioll coulLl be heal d an emerging 
rhythm: th.: tIl Osl\ It', didn't sound 
~o Jiff~r.:nt after all. 

To sho\\' thL'lr mcrglllg as a 
communll~ in addition to their 
gro\\ th a, Indi \ iduab. th.: dancer~ 
helped each oth.:r r':l\I'r:.tngc ,I 
dccu l:.tti lc purtion of their co,-
tumc, su thaI. ill'>lead of a sol ill 
co lor. the) displayed multi-colored 

~wirling de~ign,. each costume 
different from thc rcst. 

The grand finale featured the 
two groups marching in a circle 
ar und the stage, playmg a variety 
of gongs ,b we ll as metal and bam-
boo percu, 'Ion IIlstrumel1ls. 

Many Amenc,llls would inter-
pretthe deep resonating tolls of the 
gongs as precur~ors of doom, yet 
this certainly was not what Body 
Tjak was trying to convey in it 
triumphant march. Gongs are an 
integral part of the Balinese reli -
giou rituals; the gong players. even 
if they play only one note, are 
considered the most important part 
of the gamelan orchestra because 
they play the note that will close 
the piece. Yet because of previous 
cult ural conditioning, many 
Americans may not be able 10 see 
beyond the "foreboding" tone of 
the gongs. This is perhaps most 
indicati ve of the ethnocenrric mind-
sets that Body Tjak strives to over-
come in its artistic and cultural 
fusion. 

HOT STUFF 
DONT M.I. TII.II ITI TOO HOT TO HANDUI 
TIPSY TAXI for a safe ride home call 234·6161 . 
FREE AIRPORT & AMTRAK SHUTTLE for Christmas holidays, 
Call 534 ·RIDE for more information. Reservations accepled 
between 1 1126 & t 214. 

AS COUNCIL MEETING - CANCELLED 
NOVEMBER 21 , 1990 

FREE MOVIE: "What Have I Done To Deserve This?" 
"All Our Lives" 

November 23, 1990 at 7pm 
3rd College, SLH, Room 107 
Committee for World Democracy Film Series - everyone is 
welcome ! 

AS Public Relations Meeting 
November 20, 1990 at 1 pm 
3rd Floor at Price Center 
Do you want to help with the PR on campus ... then come and 
get involved! 

Chancellor's Forum 
January 31, 1990 at 330pm 
Price Center, Gallery A 
Come and discuss w ith our Chancellor upcoming events. 

MacWave - Macintosh Student User Group Meeting 
November 28, 1990 at 2pm 
New location: Mac's Place 
Come and be a part of this new organization. 

MOVIE: THE FRESHMAN 
November 29, 1990 at 630pm, 9pm, 1130pm 
Price Center TheaterTickets available in advance at the Box 
Office or before show at the door. ONLY $1.001 

ALL-CAAPUS lEADERSHIP CONFERENCE 
Details coming soon! 
January 26, 1991 
Price Center 
Sponsored by University Events & Student Activities 

BE APPONTED BY THE GOVERNOR 

There are currently two positions open for 
students, to be appointed by the Governor, with CPEC, the 
California Post-Secondary Education Commission. 

This commission advises the State Legislature on 
matters concerning all higher-education students in 
California. 
There are two positions: one i -year, one 2-year. To 
apply. see Anna C. in the A.S. offices, 3rd floor, Price 
Center. 

ATIENTION STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS!! 
Please pick up the mail in your mailboxes in the 
Price Center. Inform your advisor if you no longer 
need your box. 

Third College Commuter Activities Board 
Breakfast for 50 cents 
Thursday at 730am 
under "La casa" 
Contact Sandy, Jeff, or Becki at 534-4390 for more 
information 

Warren Representatives are NEEDED! 
Elections, 1991 Leadership Conference, Cultural 
Connection, Registration Fee Committee representatives 
are needed. 
Call Warren Dean's Office for more information. 

Vietnamese Student ASSOCiation 
General Meeting : November 21 at 6pm in Revelle Formal 
Lounge. Will be discussing upcoming events. 

EasVWest Horizons meetings 
Meetings every Tues. at Spm in room 207 above Soft 
Reserves, for more information call ED 558-8786 

SOCETY OF 'MJM:N ENGNEERS 
Ninth Annual Evening with Industry is coming soon. Take 
the opportunity to make contacts and learn about trends in 
the field. 

RADICAl!. Y INCLINED SNOW SKI CLUB 
Mandatory Thanksgiving trip meeting Monday, Nov. 19, at 
"The Cove" 
Mandatory All-Cal meeting Wednesday, Nov. 28, 8:00 pm 
(location to be announced). 
Tickets may still be on sale for the All-Cal, call 534-4482 
between 1 Oam-2pm Monday-Thursday for more 
information. 

ACADEMIC SENATE COw.AITIEE 
Positions open, students needed: 

Academic Freedom: 1 undergraduate, 1 graduate 
Admissions: 1 undergraduate 
Affirmative Action : 1 undergraduate, 1 graduate 
Campus & Community Environment: 

1 undergraduate, 1 graduate 
Computing: 1 undergraduate, 1 graduate 
Education Abroad Program & International 
Education: 

1 undergraduate, 1 graduate 
Graduate Council : 2 graduates 
Library: 1 undergraduate, 1 graduate 
Planning & Budget: 1 undergraduate, 1 graduate 
Undergraduate Preparatory & Remedial Education 
(CUPRE): 

1 undergraduate, 1 graduate 

THE CLtJBlNG CLUB 
ATIENTION CLIMBERS! There will be an orientation meeting 
Tuesday, Nov. 20, 6:30pm Davis/Riverside Room. 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL 
Tuesday, November 20th meeting cancelled . HAPPY 
THANKSGIVING!! 



16 The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 19, 1990 

ACAn r- [\ II C SERVl CES ".: 
MONDA Y I'IIROUGII r-RIDAy 

!I:OOa.m.·4:tlOp.III.-SIGI PLUS SY<I ~m~ o( Ill' 

, . 
, . , 

, . ~ .. ' ... 
2:00p.m.-5:00p.m.-AI.CO.\iOL AND SUB· 
STANCE ABUSE PEER CbUNSELlNG . For '. 
slmilthl lalk.·' and slraighl answers conl"cl Marc 

: \Yin~'i s< , peercounsclo; . Argo Hall Room 

I cr~cli\'c Guiduncc ,lIlll Information i~ a c('lmrll(er~ \ "~~(l~'~TI 
hd<~'tI Ilro!!r:llll ,'arccr 1I1111nnal iol1 dcs igllcLl III 
hel p you clnrify r <kills. valurs. and occupa-
lional intcrests. more inronn:lI 10 

flP\>I'IIIIIl" ·1I1. 
lhcqlllUler. Sp(·.,s6ctd1liYi~~IS 
Free: " 

. malioll or an appoib 

1I:00Il.ln.-4:.\Op.m. 
Skills Centcr orre 
ror l.eRm inl! (P' 
, ki ll, ( .., " 

, 

• 

Thanks to the renewed funds from the Chancellor's 
office, you can publicize your UCSD events for FREE! 

Effective immediately, you will be able 
to place a 35-word listing of your 
group's event for FREE. 
Visit EDNA or the Guardian office by 
NOON on WEDNESDAY, fill out the 
fonn (or tear this one out of the paper) ~ 
and your message will be printed in the 
Guardian's Monday "Weekly Calendar." 

NOON WEDNESDAY, NOV. 21 
Yes ,Thanksgiving eve is the Deadline for 
the Nov. 26 CALENDAR. Since this is 
the Guadian's final publishing week, the 
next calendar will be published on 
JANUARY 7, 1991! 

The UCSD Guardian's Weekly Event listings appear in the Monday 
Guardian via the 

Student Information 
Center, EDNA, Q-076 or 

the Guardian office, 6-016 CALENDAR 
Day/ Date/ Time (a.m. or p.m.) _______________ _ 

Description of Event (please type or print legibly, 35 words) 

Location: _______ ____ _____ Admission: __ _ 

Event classification (check one) 

o Lecture 
o Recreation 
o Entertainment 

o Academic Service 
o Organizational Mee~ing 
o Religious Function 

o Other ___________________ _ 
Person Respons ible: __________ Phone: _____ _ 

Separate forms must be submitted for separate events. 
Forms must be received by 12 Noon on the prior Wednesday 

at the Student Information Center or the Guardian. 

Monday, November 19,1990 T he UCSD Guardian 

GRASSROOTS: Practice, not theory 
Continued from page 11 
who know them may contact them. 

According 10 Deal , the news-
leiter may urge alumni to return to 
Ihe leadership training program, 
either to attend events or serve as 
speakers. In any case, Ihe alumni 's 
re-involvemenl benefits bolh the 
Chicano Federation and the m-
selves. 

"They ' ve [the Chicano Federa-
tion] never had a newsletter, so 
we 're starting one. We ' re giving 
them [a communication medium] 
that they can continue in the fu -
ture," said Deal. 

Nasse r said that the organiza-
tions are pleased wi th Grassroots 
Communications' s ludent work: 
"Most organizations are pretty 
happy [and recognize] ski lls stu-
dent have," she said. 

Students develop these skills 
because of Ihe handS-Oil learning 
the course requires. 

"[nstead of reporting about so-
cial ills [as most communication 
courses do) , a communicator can 
choose to work direclly with or-
ganiza tion s and communities, 
s truggling for socia l change," ac-
cording to the course anthology. 

Thus, collaboration is also an 
integral part of the course, for stu-
dents must "workcollecti vely , with 
their teams, between teams, and 
between their teams and their col-
laborating organizations," the an-
thology said. 

But besides developing skills 
and collaborating, Grassroots also 
requires analysis, as most classes 

require. 
"The course demands a synthe-

sis of theory and practice," accord-
ing to the anthology, for student 
mu st analyze case s tudi e in 
Grassroots Communica tions. 

" It ftakes] the same lime as any 
o ther communicalion class- it 's 
j ust different; thai 's what 's so neal 
aboul it," said Harrich. 

Harrich said Ihat "people don ' t 

"The point [of 
Grassroots Commu-
nications] is to find an 
organization you 're 
interested in and make 
the community more 
aware of its exist-
ence." 

- Monica Harrich, 
coordinator of the 

Grassroots 
Communications class 

know about thi s course," but she 
hopes that people will become more 
aware of it. 

The course final may achieve 
this task. Harrich explained that all 
of the class projects go on display 
in front of Media Center and Com-
m unications (MCC) of the Com-
m unications Department. 

"I t's acompletesynthesis of the 
quarter," said Harrich. "People get 
to see what we've done and [can] 
get interested in [the course] ." 

Called Grassroots Public Expo, 
the di splay is "an introduction for 
people to the class and an introduc-
tion to di ffe rent organizations to 
best suit the ir needs [thro ugh 
communicatio ns mediums]." said 
Nasser. 

This quarter 's expo will be on 
Nov. 28, from noon to 3 p.m. in 
front of MCC. 

Harrich said, "This class is bet-
terthan any [olher] class I've taken 
just because it goes beyond theory. 
It makes you aware of what you 
can do because you ' re going 10 
organizations and saying, ' these 
are my skills; what can I do to 
help? '" 

" You learn more," Harrich said. 

Answers to this week's 
crossword puzzle from 

page 11 

If You're In An Accident ... 
Call the Law Offices of Irwin/Dibos. 
When we handle your bodily injury claims and 
litigation, we will provide a luxury or sports car 

at no cost while your car is being repaired. 
* Nissan 300ZX ~Porsche 944 Convertible 

~BMW 325i Convertible ~Mercedes 190E 
Law Offices (619) 

IRWIN DIBOS 236-8420 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free consultalion and 11IIIIailrealmelll t5 mill . 120 vtllue. Fi~/-lillle clienls Oll ly.)' 

Eyebrows 
Upper Up 

Chin 

Underarms 

Bleasl 
Slomach 
Btlunt Une 

Fingers 

Legs 
Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American Medical A~:;ociation 
approved mt!lhods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic e leclrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female ~ta fT. Mate lic. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
LlIJolUl VllUIge Professtonlll Center Bebilld £/cpballl Bar 
8950 1'lIIa lAjol/a Dr. SII!. 2 12 1 

NEW CLIENTS 
ONLY 

Walk-ins or call 
lor appointment 

OPEN:lion.-5Il9-7 
I w. do Fibor CIIsJ. Linon W"p IIItI SiIIr w"" I 
• Full Set ........ .. .. .. .... $16.95 
• Fills ...... .. ........ .... .... $10.95 
• Pedicure ........ .... .... $10.95 
• Manicure .. .......... ..... $5.95 

FEATURES 17 

UCSD SPECIAL 
MONDAY-THURSDAY 

LASAGNE, 
FETI1JCIlNI ALFREDO, 

EGGPLANT PARMIGIANA, 
or SPAGHETTI 

2 for $7.95 

1203 Gamet Ave .. PaCIfIC Beach 
272-6632 

Extensive wine list . beer. 

FULL SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Cosmo-Wolff Tanning System 

THE lARGEST BED ON THE MARKET 
-------------------1 Month Tanning for 

Exp. , 1/28/90 

1 st time customers only Call for details 

--------------------

Costa Verde Center 
8650 Gene5ee Ave. 5te.214 
Son Diego, CA. 92122 
(6191558-1858 

Voted -.... talllng YogwI overall In 1M GokIon tlQng'-· 
-MBlropolJ'an rrogazrne June 1990 Yogurt Tasle l est 

•••••••••••••••••••• 

~ 2 for 1 2~~li:~~ lJ l 
• Ho<n: • • La Jolla Colony 7770 Regents Rd II 108 (In ' he Vans Shopping Cenler) 11 _10 pmSon .. !hull.; • 

One coupon per cuslomer Exp;r •• t 1/25/90 11 CJ<T>1I pm Fn. & Sot. • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••• ••••••••••••• 

INTRODUCES UCSD 
"CAMPUS CUTS & STYLES" 

by LORENE 
WOMEN 
MEN 
HiLites & Perms 
(including Haircut) 

$18 
$13 

3251 HOUDAY COURT, SUITE 201 LA JOLLA 453.9477 
Above 51. Germain's liquor & Deli . Coli for oppointment 

----:----,-------------- ..--~-

Ca~ Copy 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holiday Ct. (next to Domino 's Pl:aa) • 452-9949 
M·F 8 30·6 p m h 12 15 90 
Sat. 1·4 p.m W,lh UCSO 10 

-

.. 



18 SPORTS 

A E A. D 

REPOSSESSED VA. HUD HOMES 
availible from government from $1 

without credit check. 
You repair. 

Also tax delinquent foreclosures. 
CALL 1-805-682-7555 

EXT. H-I443 for repa list your area. 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vons) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Next to Pizza Hut) 566-6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURIST AVAILABLE 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Regulations: 

,SEMlnlEE>IT1lYON AN 8 In" BY II·' SHEET OF 
PAPER ALONG WITH YOUR ,..,.,ME. YEAR IN SOIOOL, 
HOMETOWN, cou.a:;E YOU A1TE1'm "T UCSD, MAJOR, 
MID PHONE NUMBER TO SPOltTS EDITOR. UCSD 
GUARDIAN. 9500 G'L"AN DRIVE 0316, LA JOI.LA, 
CA 92093-0316. You CAN ALSO DIIOP IT OfF IN_ 
SPORTS EorTOIt 's BOX AT mE G UARDLAN 0Ff1CE. 
LOCATED IN nm SnJDENT CENTER. ACROSS FROM mE 
OYM. 

-ALL UCSD SllJDENTS, ST"fF. AND P"CULTY 
ARE EUGIBLE TO errEJt, EXCEPrFOR G UARDtA."I STAFF 
....... ERS ..... 'OEMPLOYEES OF BJ'sCHICAOO PIzzERIA. 

-THE ~ WHO COMES UP WfTli 1liE MOST 
CORJtECT ANSWERS, o\S DETERMINED BY TIff JUDGES, 
WILL BE 0E.Cl..ARE0 THE GRMD PRIZE WlN""ER AND 
Wn.J.. BE RECOGNIZED WHEN THE. QUIZ IS PRINTED 1lfE 
PQU.OWINO WEEX . INTHE EVENT OF "TIE. A DltAWlNO 
will. BE HELD TO DElB..M[Joi'E 1ltE WINNER. THOSE 
CORRECT El'oTJUES roK)T SELECTED AS ntE GRAND PRIZE 

Diet. 
Center~ 
TIlt' u'eit::ht·/os pro[esS;OllalS,' 

Free Consultation. 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 

Daily Diet Tips from 
Diet Center 

459-5979 
7467 CUVlER (off Pearl) 

I -(900)-990-TIllN 
95- per mm"SI.50 nISI mill. 

T h e UCSD Guardian 

WDlNER Wn..L BE CO~SIDERED RUJollIIIltS·UP, 
·ONLY ON6 ENl"RY PER PERSON f'ER QUIZ. No 

MASH'ltOOUCED F.N11tlE5 WIll. BE ACCEPTED. EHnuEs 
MUST.E AT TIlE GUARDIAN 'Y NOON TuEsDAY (II/ 
27). 

-THE ORAND MUlE WIJ'ff'rlER. WIlJ.. RECEJVE A f1lEE 
DINNER FOR TWO AT 8J's CHICAGO PIZZERIA. 
R UNNERS -UP WILL RECEIVE A I-"'REE PITCHER OF 
MICHFl..OB DRAFT BEER. OIl SODA1 AT D1' S. LOCATED 
IN LAJOI.LA VIlJ.AO.SOU ....... AUSTOFAU. WI>INEKS 
Wn.L BE POSTED AT 81's EACH WEEK AND WINNERS 
NEED TO SHOW IDENTIFICATlON TO a.A1M PRIZES. 

This week's questions: 
1. Who is the head coach of the 
Seattle Seahawks? 
2. True or false: Gabriela Sabatini 
has never beaten Steffi Graf. 
3. In what stadium do the New 
Orlean Saints play their home 
games? 
4. What was the score of the USC-
UCLA football game this past 
Saturday? 
5. What is Bo Jackson's real first 
name? 
6. True or false: The Lakers are 
c urrently in first place in the Pacific 
Division. 

STRESSED OUT? 
FREE research studies evaluating 
medications arc avai lab Ie to people 
suffering from anxiety. Symptoms 
include feeling nervous, tense. irri· 
table, stomach problems. insomnia, 
muscle a hes, and difficulty concen· 
trating. Suitable volunteer.; receive 
free medications. lab tests, physicals 
and psychiatric evaluations. 18 or 
older, please call Monday through 
Fnday, 10 a.m.4 p.m . 

FREE STUDIES ALSO 
AVAILABLE FOR 

DEPRESSION 
554-0100 

0°000 FEIGIINER ° 0 RESEARCII 
'--____ 1 NSTITUTE 

7. What team did Darryl Straw-
berry just sign with? 
8. What is the name of the trophy 
for the Super Bowl championship? 
9. What are the team colors ofthe 
Pinsburgh Pirates? 
10. How many times has the UCSD 
women's volleybaUteam won the 
national title? 
Last week's questions aDd answers: 
1. Which two NFL teams are 
currently undefeated? N.Y. 
Giants and S.F. 4gers 
2. Houston quanerback Warren 
Moon began his professional 
football career in what league? 
Canadian (CFL) 
3. Who was named National 
League Rookie of the Year this 
season? Dave Justice 
4. True or false: NCAA basketball 
has three-point shots. True 
5. Who wears jersey number 99 
fortheLo AngelesKings?Wayne 
Gretzky 

Monday, November 19, 1990 

6. True orfalse: President George 
Bush playedon the Yale University 
tennis team. False 
7. What is the rna cot of the 
professional football team in 
Phoenix? Cardinals 
8. True or false: Steffi Graf and 
Boris Becker are both from East 
Germany. False 
9. What are the team colors of the 
Los Angeles Raiders? Silver and 
black 
10. Trueorfalse:TheUCSDmen's 
water polo team is competing in 
the NCAA National Tournament 
this weekend. False 
Last week 's winner: 
Alex Savala,Third, junior 
Sociology - Long Beach, CA 
Runners-up: 
2 1 people, list at BJ's 

• NOTE: ~~ It no iuue Wed. Ilnl . JQ lhe amwcn rOt 
lOda)"squlZ are due Tues. 11(21 by fIOOIl 1lIe III'>WUS will be 
pnlleedWcd. 1 1128. Tht.qw!. WIU mume iIIlheflnl Wednesdly 
issue or WinlCt Quw\cr. 

• 

Thank you. 

a . s 
lecture 
notes is 
hiring! 
A.S. Lecture Notes Service is now hiring 
notetakers for Winter Quarter 1991. We have 
roughly 30 positions available paying $7,80 per 
hour. We are looking for motivated students to 
take notes in classes they have previously com-
pleted with an A or B. Various COUlses in the 
following areas are under consideration. 

Pacific Telesis Foundation for your generous 
contribution to our scholarship fund. 

Minority Engineering Program Students 

anthropology 
biology 

chemistry 
communication 

cse 
earth science 

economics 
history 
philosophy 
political science 
physics 
psychology 

Anyone interested in applying for winter 1991 
notetaker position should pick up a job referral 
at the Career Center and obtain an application at 
the Lecture Notes office located next to Soft 
Reserves. 

Monday, November 19,1990 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

Tritons' Plans Go Awry at Cross Country National Meet 
• Nationals: Men stumble and finish 20th out 
of 21 teams; McFayden finishes 43rd 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

The besl laid plans of mice and 
men - and cross-country coaches 
- often go awry. 

If this weekend's NCAA Divi-
sion III Cross Country Champi-
onships had gone according to 
Head Coach Mark Stanforth's 
plans, the UCSD men's team would 
have finished among the top 15 

teams and the Tritons' sole woman 
runner - Denise M::Fayden -
would have turned in an All -
American perfonnance. 

But, as Saturday's results 
showed, reality and best-laid plans 
can have painfully linle in common. 
The men's squad came in 20th in a 
field of21 teams with a team score 
of456, while McFayden could only 
manage a 43rd-place showing in 

the women's race. 
"I'd ayourperfonnancewas a 

reflection of how we [the men] 
have run all season long," Stanforth 
said. "We were always capable of 
doing better but we would never 
get it done." 

The men's squad was led by 
Stefan Wynn in 88th place, fol-
lowed by Mike Fox (90th), Steve 
Stuart (141st), Sam Gwynn 
(145th), and Eric Yinney (151 t). 

Stanforth thought that the blame 
for Ihe UCSD's lackluster perfor-

Opening With a Whimper and a Bang 
• Women's basketball had decidedly different 
openers on the road and at home this weekend 
By John Ruud 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's basket-
ball team had a busy weekend, 
doing its best Jekyll and Hyde imi-
tation. 

Friday night, the Triton (1-1) 
were beaten badly on the road by 
their crosstown rivals, Point Lorna 
Nazarene, 85-54. UCSD shot only 
31 percent from the field. Monique 
Vaillancourt led the Tritons with 
10 points. 

WhenaskedaboutUCSD 'splay 
Friday night, Head Coach Judy 
Malone responded with a look of 
disgust. 

In the Triton ' home opener 
Saturday night against Occidental, 
however, a different team took the 
floor. UCSD waited almost three 
and a half minutes before scoring, 
but then the Tritons shifted into 
high gear. After weathering their 
brief slump, the Tritons never 

• looked back, winning 75-59. 
"This is the team that should 

have been [at Point Lorna] last 
night," Malone said after Satur-
day's game. 

"We were more determined, 
because we knew that we should 
have done better [Friday night]." 

The Tritons substituted liberally 
in the first half of the Occidental 
game, something they were not 
able to do last year because of a 
lack of seasoned backups. This 
year's teanl has more experience, 
which fits in well with Malone's 
new aggressive, defensive style that 
calls for a constant rotation of the 
players. 

It took awhile for the new ap-
proach to catch on, as UCSD 
stumbled out of the blocks, turning 
the ball over 15 times and com-
mitting II fouls in the first half. 
While UCSD was stumbling, 
however, Occidental fell flat on its 
face, shooting a paltry 23 percent 
in the first half. 

Solid play by Cari Young and 
Vaillancourt, in addition to 10 

points from sophomore center Lisa 
Beaver, kept UCSD out In fronl, 
and the Tritons went into the locker 
room with a 38-22 halftime lead. 

In the second period, UCSD 
picked up where it left off, as the 
defense controlled the tempo of 
the game and the offense contin-
ued to pour in the points. 

Overall, the Tritons spread the 
scoring around, with five players 
indoublefigures, including Young 
and Kathleen Alvarez who led the 
team with 14pointsapiece. Young 
also pulled down 12 rebounds to 
aid the Tri ton cause. 

About the only bad thing that 
happened was that Beaver got into 
foul trouble early in the second 
half, but even that had a good side. 
Erica Scholl played well in 
Beaver' place, adding 10 points 
and five rebounds of her own. 

"[Scholl] is inexperienced, but 
she played good defense. That's a 
goodsign. It's really encouraging," 
Malone said. 

After Friday night's debacle, 
anything would have been en-

mance didn't necessarily fallon 
his runners, noting that he may not 
have prepared them well enough 
for the eighl-kilometer race. 

"I didn't get the best out of a 
highly talented group of runners," 
Stanforth aid. "I didn't prepare 
them to run a [mentally] good 
race ... I'll have to reevaluate our 
methods of preparation [for Satur-
day ' s race] ." 

The day wasn 't a total washout 
for the men, as Stanforth pointed 
out that he "thought that Stefan 

[Wynn] had a good , solid race." 
The Tritons' only woman 

qualifier for the national meet, 
Denise McFayden, also had a less 
than memorable outing in the five-
kilometer women's race with an 
unofficial time of 18:53. 

"Denise ran well the first two 
miles, but she faded in the last half-
mile," Stanforth noted. "[fthe race 
had ended after two miles she 
would have been an All-AJllerican 
[on the strength of being among 
the top 25 finishers] ." 

Dan Cripe/Guardian 
Erica Scholl had 10 points and five rebounds Saturday night. 

It took Galileo 16 years to master the universe. 
You have one night. 

It seems unfair, The genius had all that time, While you have a few 
short hours to learn your sun spots from your satellites before the 
dreaded astronomy exam. 

On the other hand, Vivarin gives you the definite advantage, It helps 
keep you awake and mentally alert for hours. Safely and conveniently, So 
even when the subject matter's dull, your mind will stay razor sharp. 

If Galileo had used Vivarin, maybe he could have mastered the solar 
system faster, too, Revile with VIVARIN. 

VIVARIN' 
for fast pIC/<" up -safe as coffee 



.. 

The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza is still UCSD's finest 
original pizzeria. Tear out the BJ 's 
coupon and get your taste buds to 
BJ 's. For UCSD's serious pizza eat-
ers! (9/24-11/30) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more . Near St. 
Germains. 452-9949. (9/24-11 /30) 

Writing Help. l'vediscoveredlcreated 
unique, Fun- yes, fun ! approaches 
forserious projects. Begin 481 -181 O. 
(10/3-11130) 

Classified adverti illg is sold ill 15-word increments. The rate per J 5 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 forfacuity and staff, alld $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therEfore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) orpresented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue,3 p .m. Mondayfor Wednesday's issue, and3 p.m. Wednesdayfor Friday's issue. 
The Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to 
companion hip ads . For more information call 534-5416. Mailing address:UCSD 
Guardian, 0316, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: 

Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only 
handles these 2 autos and nobody 
does it better for UCSD. Bring your I D 
and you get 20% off most services I 
Call 450-9494. (10/26-11130) 

Airband contest! Want to lip sync? 
Sign-up now at the Revelle Provost's 
Office. Contest is Nov. 20, 8:30 p.m. 
althe REVELLE CAFETERIA. (1119-
11 /1 9) 

Cheap date?1 Check out Ricci 's great 
Italian food at awesome prices. Two 
dinners for the price of one (only 
$7.95) with ad in Guardian. (11/12-11 / 
30) 

INSURANCE - LOW INSURANCE 
RATES FOR UCSD STUDENTS 
FOR AUTO AND MOTORCYCLE. 
Call Jessica, 800-457-1234, 9-5 (1 1/ 
2-119) 

Math/Physics Tutor. Any Level 459-
2669. Leave message. (11/14-11 /30) 

Yes, It'S possible to party and not 
drink. Come to Revelle Plaza, Nov. 
19 at 9 p .m. and see how. An 
I.C.H.R.A. sponsored event. (11/1 6-
11 /19) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT 
UCSD! Jewish Campus Centers 
provides warmth, education, prayer, 
socializing. Connect with Union of 
Jewish Students! 502 Matthews, east 
of the Price Center. Call Rabbi 
Slotnick, 534-2521 . (11 /16) 

Do you want $1.55? Johnny Rock-
ets in Del Mar is giving you a free 
order of fries when you order an 
Orig inal or #12 burger! Find the ad in 
Monday's G and you're set. (11/ 16-
11/30) 

GOING TO WAR? FOR WHAT? 
Who's paying? Call your Congress-
men. Demand they go back into 
session for a rollcall vote. Call White 
House comment line 2021456-7639 
to ask that the War Powers Act be 
respected. If the Congress' sons and 
sons of the wealthy and "influential" 
were in Saudi Arabia, do you really 
believe there would be a war? (11/ 
16-11/26) 

Student Center A, lap floor. 

Attention SQUASH players at UCSD: 
Match against the Sporting Club at 
Aventine on November 29; possibil -
ity of future events, coaching for be-
ginners. If interested, contact Doug 
291 -7389 (H). (11 /19) 

, SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 
1500 hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday 
Court. Student discounts. 558-4644/ 
226-1962. (9/24-1114) 
WRITING Help from UC-Grad T utor/ 
Writer/Researcher. All projects wel-
come. Productive, Intense! Start 
Early. 481 -1810. (1013-11130) 
Math/Physics Tutor. Any level, 459-
2669. Leave message. (11114-11/30) 
Papers typed ! Quick and affordable. 
From $21pg. Call LJ Colony Resumes 
& Professional Typing. 455-8357. 
Laser printing ! 60 typestyles to 
choose from! One day service avail-
able. (1 0/5-11 /30) 
TYPING : TERM PAPERS, ETC. 
RUSH JOBS AT NO EXTRA 
CHARGE. 453-0656. (10/3-11 /30) 
PINWHEELS - a full service salon 
near campus - Costa Verde Center. 
Facials, waxing, lash tints and more. 
Call Parvaneh, 558-1858. (10/26-11/ 
30) 
Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? 
Tom ' s Master Mechanics only 
handles these 2 autos and nobody 
does it better for UCSD. Bring your ID 
and you get 20% off most services! 
Call 450-9494. (10/26-11130) 

Word Processing. Quality work at 
reasonable prices. Resumes, reports, 
etc. Laser printer. Call Diane 755-
1724. (10/29-11 /30) 

Just in time tor the holidays! Custom 
color and B&W portraits, photo cal-
endars/cards, and much more. Also 
1 hI'. film dev., passport photos, and 
slide dev. All your photo finishing 
needs in one convenient location. 
Spectrum Photo. 549-2941 (1117-11/ 
26) 

FREE FRIES - $1.55 VALUE! 
Bnng thIs ad on your next V:Sl! and receive one order of 

Amellcan Fues FREE when you order an Ongmal or a '12 

DELMAR 
The authentic Hamburger /Malt Shop 

• Hamburgers • Americcm Fries • Chill 
• Sandwiches • Pies • Malts • Shakes • Floats 

Now Near Your Campus 
Del Mar Plaza · Street Level 1555 Camino Del Mar • 755-1954 

Sun.-1burs. 11-10 • Fri. & Sat, ll-Midnlght 

Airl ine prices up again - buy now 
for best holiday travel fare. Free 
ticket delivery, 450-0812. (11n-11 / 
28) 

Word Processing-every1hing l rom 
term papers to resumes_ 24-hour 
service available 7 days a week, 
450-0812. (1117-11130) 

Cheap date?! Check out Ricci 's 
great Italian food at awesome pricesl 
Two dinners for the price of one 
(only$7.95) with ad in Guardian. (11 / 
12-11 /30) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Experi-
enced. Word Processing. Research 
using MEDLINE or BRS Colleague; 1 
hour minimum. Student Rates. Mo-
dem. Laser printer. 9-7 Mon. - Fri. 
Weekend appOintments. 753-5964. 
1521 Summit Ave., Cardiff. (11 /14-
11/30) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Word 
Processing , Reports. Speeches, 
Dissertations, Manuscripts, Presen-
tations. Experienced. Laser printer. 
Student Rates! 753-5964. (11/14-11/ 
30) 

Word Processing Services_ Quality 
Service - call 566-9096_ (11/14-11 / 
16) 

How'syoursmile? How'syourbreath? 
Maybe you need a dental check-up! 
Professional Dental Care can help 
you with reasonable rates. Located 
at 1349 Camino Del Mar. Call today, 
792-8880, to improve your appear-
ance. (11/16-11/30) 

Resumes, word processing, editing, 
proofreading, desktop publishing, 
Done by profess ional marketing 
consultants. Will beat any quoted 
price! Guaranteedl Free pick-up and 
delivery, 7 days, rush jobs, laser 
printer. 549-0817. (11/16-1 1/28) 

IBM WORD PROCESSING - ED-
ITING. Quick. Clean. Reasonable. 
Technical writer, form{lrWhite House 
secretary. 755-81881753-6673. (11/ 
16-11 /26) 

WORD PROCESSING, 4.0 English 
Skills, term papers, experienced 
dissertations, 7-dayweek, rush Jobs 
references 755-2683. (11 /19-1/11) 

Tired of the long lines at the "other" 
copy places? Printmasters (in the 
Von 's shopping center) has fast and 
friendly service. Try us once and 
you'll never go back to the other 
place. (11 /19-11/30) 

WANTED 
, 

Happy with your present salary? I 
need people wno want to make more 
ASAP (619) 758-4602. (1 0/1 0-11 / 
30) 

Domino's Pizza at UCSD is now 
hiring Pizza Makers and Customer 
Service Representatives. Must be 
at least 16 years old, energetic and 
efficient with an outgoing personal-
ity. Will be responsible for greeting 
customers, taking pizza orders and 
other store operations. Elig ible ap-
plicants should apply at the UCSD 
store, located at 3211 Holiday Court 
after 3:30 p.m. (10/19-11 /30) 

Addressers wanted Immediately I 
No experience necessary. Excellent 
pay l Work at home. Call toll-free: 1-
800-395-3283. (11/2-1/11) 

Guaranteed $7/hr. Sorrento Valley 
telemarketing agency seeks re-
sponsible, prolessional tele-mar-
keters for full/part-time day shifts. 
Computer and telephone experience 
a plus but will train right individual. 
Call 450-9463. (11/16-11/26) 

WANTED - Dependable salesper-
son for linley's triathlon performance 
wear shop in Del Mar. Available 
morningslweekends. 755-8015. (11/ 
16-11/26) 

WANTED 100 PEOPLE. We will pay 
you to lose 10-29 Ibs in 30 days. All 
natural, nationally televised. (' -800-
347-7584) (11 / 19) 

PIZZA AND PASTA CAFE 
COSTA VERDE CENTER. 8650 Genessee 1312 • 455-5211 

"Best Pizza overall in the Golden Triangle" 
................... Apllll. 

Pizza by the Slice 
Pasta 
Lasagna 
Salads 
Desserts 

II' Free Delivery 
II' No Preservatives 
II' Student Discounts 

PRESENT STUDENT 1.0. FOR 10% DISCOUNT 

--------------------I LARGE 01 Mattia's Pizza wIIh ~I, $999 I I IlulllI'OOIIII, Olives, GrIer! PwppIrI, • 0nI0nI I 
r .... .., 01: cIMIry. Mull ~ coupan. tiMId line aIIer. HoI VIId ... ." uIIIr cIIooIrt 

L __ ~ _________________ ~ 

Monday, November 19, 1990 

Warm, dependable adult wanted to 
care for two preschoolers Monday 
and Wednesday mornings. Call 689-
1549. (11/19-11 /28) 

PIT Rental person, Large Complex, 
UTC area. Weekend wor!<, Call Mon-
Fri. 452·9920. (11 /19) 

FAST FUNDRAISING PROGRAM, 
$1000 in just one week. Earn up to 
$1000 for your campus organization. 
Plus a chance at $5000 more! This 
program works I No investment 
needed. Call 1-800-932-0528 Ext. 
50. (1 1/19) 

FOR SALE 
DISCOUNT AIRFARES. RESERVE 
HOLIDAY TRAVEL NOW. USA, 
EOPE. FREE BONUS MILES. 481 -
1264. (10/26-11130) 

6' fulon and 4-position frame. $100. 
Close to campus. 587 -0709. (10/26-
11 /30) 

Scooter, excellent condition, 2 seat, 
freeway legal, 84 Yamaha 180. $879. 
457-5472 evenings, Brett . (11/9-11/ 
19) 

Must sell one-way plane ticket to 
Boston November 20. Best offer. Call 
454-5672. (1119-11 / 19) 

'71 BMW BAVARIA. Runs great, 
looks ok. Have to sell last. Calil make 
offer, 558-2343. (11/9-11119) 

R.T. ticket. San Diego-Newark_ Lv. 
12110, return 12119 on Continental. 
$300 obo . 546-1663, Robin. (11 /9-
11119) 

IBM COMPATIBLE ST, AT or 386. 1 
yr warranty. On sile installation/ 
training . 298-6708. (11 /12-11/30) 

Body Glove wetsuit, full , smooth Ie, 
barely used , $60. Also. skis for sale, 
Yamaha GRX 205's with Marker 
MRR bindings, good rock skis $70. 
Call James 259-0784. (11 /14-1 1/19) 

1979 Fiat Strada 4-door hatchbk, 5-
spd, AC , AM/FM Stereo , Clean. 
$1200/Best, 271-7260 . (11114-1 1-
19) 

Zenith Supersport laptop computer 
(8088), 20MB HD, 2400 baud mo-
dem, MS-DOS, Works, Word, Epson 
LQ-8S0, 24 pin printer, $1250/453-
8124. (11/16-11/26) 

RT ticket San Diego-Las Vegas. 
Leaves Nov. 21st p.m . returns Nov. 
26 a.m. $72, 457-2170. (11/16-11/ 
19) 

Desk, 60"x30", dark walnut , 2 tan 
sofas $50 each, table and 4 chairs 
$35. 792-9846. (11/16-11/19) 

IBM COMPATIBLE 30MB HARD 
DRIVE, COLOR MONITOR, PRIN-
TER (includes Wordperfect 5.0) $999 
o.b.o. Song 792-8493. (11/16-11/26) 

You 

SiN 

EK(:iti~g new concept to meet 
other . FREE ·Voice 
MailboK", III unique way 10 
record and safely receive 
messages in response to 

oerllOnlal ad in the North 
I::nl:8n.alln.'r-. (First 30 

Monday, November 19, 1990 

RT Airline ticket Irom S.D. to Stock-
ton. CA .. leaving 12120190, returns 1/ 
1/91 . $150 o.b.o. 534-4250. (11 / 16-
11/19) 

AIRLINE TICKETS FOR SALE $39 
each . 25th Nov. SFO-LAX-S.DIEGO, 
call 558-2349. (11/16-11 /19) 

RT Airline Ticket. San Diego-San 
Francisco for Thanksgiving. Lv. 11 / 
21 p .m., return 11 /24 p.m. Female. 
$68 cash. 452-8656. Nancy. (11116-
11/19) 

Roundtrip plane ticket for Thanks-
giving to San Francisco. Depart Nov. 
21, return Nov. 25. $225 or best offer. 
Call 456-5066. (11/16-11/19) 

Spend Thanksgiving in SAN JOSE! 
STOCKTON. RT airline ticket avail-
able leaving San Diego Wed . 11 -21 
at 4 p.m. return Sunday afternoon. 
$200. 792-5205, leave message. (11/ 
6· 11 /19) 

SAN DIEGO TO OAKLAND 
ROUNDTRIP PLANE TICKET 
LEAVES11 /21 RETURNS 11/26.$58 
484-9023. (11/16-11/19) 

1985 Bertone (Fiat) x1/9 hardtop 
convertible sports car. 5-speed. 25k 
miles. Li~e new. 792-6039. (11/19-
11128) 

One way ticket to San Francisco. 
Dec.8 at 11 :OOa.m. $34. Natalie 558-
2374. (11 /19-11 /28) 

'82 DODGE VAN; 6 cyl, 4spd, great 
SURF vehicle . Must sell! $2900 obo, 
632-1483. (11/19-11/28) 

HOUSING 
MALE ROOMMATE WANTED: own 
room, tennis cts, jacuzzi, pool , wt. 
room, ample parking, 3 minutes to 
UCSD, $418 .50 + 1/2 util , only $75 
deposit. From 12/15 to 6/30, 452-
2664 . (1117-11130) 

Male roommate , own room, near 
UCSD, tennis, pool . $334. Free rent 
Dec_ 10-31. Craig 546-9459 . (11/14-
11 /26) 

Rent Clairemont, 4 BR, 2 BA, fam. 
room, refrig., 2 car garage, fenced 
yard. 481-3120. (1 1/14-11/19) 

Room for rent. $375 in Del Mar home. 
ASAP. Call Jodie 755-4816 (females 
only). (1 1/16-11/19) 

Own room available Dec. 1, Univer-
sity City home, $320 plus utilities. 
Female. nonsmoker, clean . 455-
9580. (11/16-11/26) 

One bedroom apartment in La Jolla, 
5 min. from UCSD. Take over 3 mo. 
lease, then mo. to mo. Pool, jacuzzi, 
weight room, sauna. $660/month, 
$300 deposit. Call 597-0702. (11116· 
11/30) 

cspp 

Two rooms in three bedroom two 
bath home. Furnished house, laun-
dry, dishwasher. Quiet with large 
backyard. Access to computer WP 
5.0 . Large $350, small $250. Non-
smoker. Call 495-0579. (11/16· 11 / 
19) 

ROOMMATE WANTED ASAP : 
Own room, tennis, pool , parking, 
close 10 UCSD. $411 . No deposit. 
453-8004. (11/16-11 /19) 

ROOMMATES WANTED for 4bd 
University City house. Spacious, 
fireplace, garden, separate wings l 
Near alii $390/mo. 459-2935. (11 / 
16-11/19) 

AVAIL. r 'OWI Own room, Genessee 
Highlands, 281.50/mo. Female/ 
male, cats, non-smoker please. 457-
2027. (11 /16-11 /26) 

La Jolla Colony - Female wanted . 
Own room, partially furnished . 
Available December. $380/mo. plus 
1/3 utilities. Contact Diana 558-
20131. (11/16-11/26) 

Female roommate wanted to share 
2BRl2BA apt in La Jolla Colony. W/ 
D in apt., pools, jacuzzi, fitness cen-
ter, plus extras. $450 plus 1/2 utili-
ties/month. Call 558-6623. (11/16-
11 /28) 

Male graduate student wanted as 
room male. Own bedroom in Mesa 
apartments. $240/month plus utili-
ties. 587-8507 , call Tony. (11/16-
11 /26) 

Room for rent. House in University 
City. Washer/Dryer. 362.50/month 
+ util. Call Lauri 452-9409. (1 1/19-
11130) 

Penasquitos $1050, 4 bedrooms, 
2.5 baths, house 2-car garage. 
Available in Nov. Leave message: 
695·8253. (11 / 19-11/30) 

Single room for rent in Hillcrest. 
Only $233/month. 4 blocks from 
shuttle. Parking. Washer/dryer. 688-
1301 . (11119-11/28) 

University City 2 rooms available 
Dec. 10 or after $303/298 piUS 1/3 
util. Pool and tennis courts . Looking 
for responsible female non-smoker. 
552-9135. (11/19-11/26) 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: Bracelet - on campus. 
Call 484-8571. (1 1/16-11 /26) 

FOUND - Women's silver bracelet 
at Muir tennis courts 10/24. Call 
558-2081 to claim. (11 /16-11 /1 9) 

LOST: Pagenel beeperl $40 cash 
reward, no questions asked. Call 
John: 536-8699. (11 /16-1 1/26) 

Careers to create change 
..... Sill ce f!llrtJl/i" K in CSPP 's (J,xan;=.alional Psyclw/ogy PrOXrt"". my cOllrsf'ltIork and 
"0Iflull;"6 ~xper;t"Ul' hal't gil,tn "" ne'" lem'u Ihrough "'Me" 10 let orgalli:.lll;ollalli/e. 
Thl' rhull~"ges(lf Ihl' IJroKram hal'l! hili/lOll my~xpf!rienl't'ntldopem!d ",'-IdOON' ... SU('('t " 
comes ,,,,hult! "'''Q risk "ew paltr!rlU. amI ure ol,ell to the "" !fllling of lire e,f/Jeri .. " u . " 
Amy Wchh rClo,ci.1n.:hl.." C' \cCUli vC' dt..: \oclopmcl1I :tnd tnnO\:111on In IlI."r Intcnl "l hlP 
.11 the CClllcr for C'n!athc LC:ldcr,hlp III Crn!cn ... bnro. Nonh Carolina : prOVide, 

~K'lual orgulli/alioll\ wiltl a pl t'lUre uf ho'W v .. ~11 they arc fUllrlioning Lind 
rCCOIllI1ICl1tht:our,c, 0 1 aclll)1l11l hcrOrgunl/~ltl on.ll Dlagno"I' ;In<-l l)e\.e lopmcn1 
lnllr,c~ : anal) Ic,~mplo)~\.' pe rfo rmance prohlcm, and (ll'\ e lup'cxC<.' lJlIVC lemn· 
huildlllg "-':\\ IOn" III her l~on 'lIhln g. prac1 lce: and c\~ll1Iinc, " Pn:diL'lnr, 01'01 g.Ul 
It:.tt lllll a l C II ,j," III lu.~rdl"l'11.llIull 

She I' ,I 'HitiCIH IIIlh~ Olgal1lltllil>nall'hD progr.lln.1I Ih~ 'a lil,HIII.1 Seh,xllnl 
PIl)IC"IOllal P'}l"holog) , LII' \nge lc" u prut!r.1I1I thai dl'\l;' lop' pn,lk"IUllilh 
\\ 110 \.·,11' hdp m!!.IIt1/~tllnl" k.ld Ihe \1 .. 1)' 111 a d,.m~m~ "orld . 

hlr lIlurf infurma,iun nhuuf Ullr Illdu",rial und OrJ,!.tnIlJliltmll P\ HhuluJ,t., PhI» 
1)I·u~ntll1' ut our l ' iIllIPU'C' in Bl'r~cle \ \hunedu." rC'tlu. In, \nJ,!cli..", and S:U1 nicJ,l1l 
call i" OIl KIM) ~57·Sl61 1(' "lif"rnia l ,or Koo ~57- l l7.11 OIUuIIOIIi . 

The UCSD Guardian 

PERSONALS 
Beautilul outdoor dining overlooking 
Torrey Pines golf coursel Tasty, nu-
tritious cuisine, all you can eat salad 
bar ... Choices 554-FOOD. (20% dis-
count w/UCSD ID). (9/24-11130) 

Are you fit? Get into shape for the 
holidays at Being-Fit. No initiation 
lee. Only 4 miles from campus. Don't 
delay -call today! 483-9294. (1117-
11/19) 

Are you paying more than 5 cents per 
gallon on your drinking water? Call 
(619) 259-9086 for drinking water at 
only 3 cents per gallon. (1119-119) 

Cheap date? ! Checkout Ricci'sgreat 
Italian food at awesome pricesl Two 
dinners for the price of one (only 
$7.95) with ad in Guardian. (11/12-
11130) 

Do you want 51.55? Johnny Rock-
ets in Del Mar is giving you a free 
order of fries when you order an 
Original or #12 burger! Find the ad in 
Monday's G and you're set. (11/16-
11 /30) 

How's your smile? How's you r breath ? 
Maybe you need a dental check-up! 
Professional Dental Care can help 
you with reasonable rates. Located 
at 1349 Camino Del Mar. Call today, 
792-8880 to improve you r appear-
ance. (11 / 16-11130) 

Tired of the long lines at the "other" 
copy places? Printmaster (in the 
Von's shopping ceroter) has fast and 
friendly service. Try us once and you'll 
nevergo back to the other place. (11 / 
19-11/30) 

Something new is brewing in La Jolla. 
The La Jolla Brewing Co. has four 
great beers, all brewed on site. And 
to sweeten the deal, Wednesday is 
UCSD night; $1 .00 Pilsners after 
9:00p.m. (11/19-11/30) 

To Julie, my AOPi little sis, Hope you 
enjoyed last Friday as much as I did. 
You're the best! Just call us • Julie-n-
Julie." Roses and love, Your big sis . 
(11119) 

RUMOR : Extra AII·Cal tickets are on 
sale?! Call 534-4482 to find out the 
tru th ! (11119) 

Nude model wanted for Crafts Cen-
ter class will exchange Crafts Center 
class lor payment. Call 4-1444. (1 1/ 
19) 

CAPTAIN NEMO - I AM A MON-
STER - REEEE! IMP. (11/19) 

For Sale- Mac Floppy Drive. Like 
New $80. Call Dave at 693-3072 
leave message. (11119) 

Idnko~· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Gamet A venue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

• NOW OPEN. 
R. Beizaie, D.D.S. 

Member: ADA, CDA, 
SDCDS 

Professional Dentistry 
9 am-6 pm Mon. -Fri. 

• MEDI-CAL and most insurance accepted 

r 
'" NEW PATIENT 

INTRODUCTORY FEES 
Full mouth examination $25°0 Four Bite Wmg X-rays 
& cleaning 

Porcelain Crown $350°° 
\.. ~ 

1349 Camino Del Mar • 792-8880 • Del Mar 

l\fIIj FULL SERVICE CAR WASH I:IlI:1 & Turtle Wax Sealer 
a 8505 Costa Verde Blvd . • 587.4844 

COSTA ~ 
VERDE W 
CAR. WASH WE RECYCLE 

OUR WATER 

"""UCSD I 
~ LI Joli. Villega Or . 

J I I ~b' l Dr . 
• 

UTe 
II 

~ 

® 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
-----------------------: III Full Service $ 99 

! S~~~ P~.!!!~§t! 3~~. 
I C "'R WASil No! valid wi1I1 any otl1llf offllf. SAVE $4.01 

Expres Oat. 31 . 1990. L ______________________ ~ 

Includes: Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow drj and st'y'Iing $4 extra. 
Full servICe prices reg. $21-$26. 
Standby fares are sublect to availability 
of St'yilsts. To Insure faster servtCe, It's 
best to come on weekday'S . 

FOR BEST TIMES 
"-i-h,nm ; T-W-T 9-8 

- ~-~ - --~--

8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla. CA 
La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's. Saven) 



" 

22 SPORTS T he UCSD Guardian Monday, November 19, 1990 

Tritons 'Jittery' in Season 
Opener, Still Win 6G-56 
• Men's basketball, ranked 
third by Sports Illustrated, 
managed a sluggish victory 
over Christ College 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

Head Coach Tom Marshall wants the 
UCSD men's basketball team to get a high 
national ranking the old-fa hioned way -
by earning it. 

Marshall is happy that his squad has been 
con iSlently picked 10 be in this season's 
Division III top-ten - including third in the 
nation by Sports Illustrated - but believes 
that the team will have to perform at a much 
higher level than Saturday night's 60-56 
performance at Christ College of Irvine in 
order to deserve its preseason accolade . 

"We didn 't play well for most of the 
game and were very sluggish," Marshall 
commented. "We were very tentative and 
just had a lot of first-game jiners." 

The first half was particularly ugly for 
the Tritons as sloppy play, poor shooting, 
and a stingy Eagles defense resulted in a 
seven point, 29-22 halftime deficit. UCSD 
could only manage to hit five out of23 shots 
(21.7 percent) in the initial 20 minutes. 

"We were sloppy early, but a lot of that 
was caused by their [the Eagles '] tough 
inside defense," Marshall said. "They had 
us scouted really well. They had set up their 
[defensive) game plan to frustrate what we 
usually try to accomplish with our inside 
game." 

Marshall also noted that, as an NAJA 
team, Christ College started its ea on a full 
month before the Triton did, and "the extra 
month of playing time really made a dif-
ference [in the Eagle' game)." 

The relatively young Eagles' lack of 
experience in close games showed through 
in the econd half, as the Tritons outscored 
Christ College 38-27 in the last 20 minutes 
to prevail by four. 

"We showed grear composure [in the 
second half)," Marshall said. "They had a 
pretty young team and, at the end, they got 
rattled and made a lot of lurnovers." 

Chrisl College also commilled a 101 of 
fouls in the COOlest, as the Tritons made their 
living at the line, canning 19 of 26 charity 
shots. This bevy offree-throw opportunities 
helped lessen the impact of a chilly (38 
percent) field-goal percentage and ice-cold 
three-point shooting (one out of eight at-
tempts) by UCSD. 

Tim Rapp - and you better get used to 
this because it ' s going to happen a lot this 
season -carried much of the Triton scoring 
load with 24 points. Junior Rick Batt chipped 
in with nine points and a team-high eight 
rebounds. 

This Tuesday night's 7 p.m. home con-
test against the NAJA's Point Lorna azarene 
College will be a much tougher test for the 
Tritons and is a "very important" game 
according to Marshall. 

"They [Point Lorna) are very strong this 
year ... we'll have to beat teams of their 
caliber in order to eam our high national 
ranking," Marshall said. 

Auto and Motorcycle 
. Insurance 

Monthly pay available 

Local 
800-457-1234 

Paul Sirkin Insurance 

Dan Cripe/Guardian 
Senior Tom Shawcroft had six points and six rebounds against Christ College. 

THRU SUNDAY 
• BEST SELECTION • BEST SERVICE 
• BEST PRICES • HASSLE FREE EXCHANGE POLICY 
• CLASSIC WAYFARERS NOW FROM ONLY $41.50 
• 40% OFF OTHER STYLES SaIe . nds 11/25/90 j····R··A·y .. S· .. 'A .. N······R··i .. s··A··y·i ·····C .. E··ti"·y··j .. ·F···j··C .. A·y···E······$ .. "$"$ .. $···l 
1 Get up to $ 1 0 cosh bock deposit d irect from Raybon. Simply moll l 
1 rebate certificate and Pacific Eyes & 1's receipt to Raybon and get 1 
l cosh bock. It's that slmplel 1 
:. ............................................................................................................ .................................................... , 

w'Pa,~i<; ~)'~S & Ti 
The California Attitude 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE . 8855 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. #401 .535-0366 

Monday, Nmcmbcr 19, 1990 The UC D Guardian PORTS 23 

1990 NCAA DIVISION III WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP 

NATIONAL CHAMPS 
Continued from page 24 

The Tritons didn ' I ju~t avolCl opening the door. Ihey 
bolted it shut with a flurry of bloc"-s b} Liz Vesanovic and 
Heather Iiolt/claw, , trea"-lI1g to a l5-4 first game win . 

"After the first game, I thought we were going to sweep 
them," Van Duyne ~aid. 

Ami, II ith a 9-4 lead in Ihe second game, il appeared as 
though Vall Duyne might have hillhe nail on the heud. Bul 
it W(l', the Tritons whu appeared to get hit on the head, losing 
Iheir concentration and identity for the remainder of the 
second game and the third. 

"We made a few mi~takes, Washington got hot , the 
crowd got into it , and we began to lose a little confidence, ,. 
Dannevik said of the 15-13 second-game loss. 

TIle ugliness continued in the third game, to the point 
where Dannevik substituted for all three All-American, -
Tan, Van Du)nc, and Dana Simone. 

"We were out of rhythm . We weren't in Ihe right position 
on defense, and we weren't sCTV1I1g to the right places." 
Dannevik said. "We made it too easy for Washington." 

The Tritons ' game plan ca lled fOl a variety of hort 
serves to throw the Bears (3l-3) out of their otTense. BUI 
thai, combined II ilh lack of strategic dinking, worked to 
take the Tritons OUI of their nOllllal game in a 15-9 loss. 

"Serving short made us lentati ve. When we started 
serving aggressively again, our whole game became more 
aggressive:' Dannevik said. 

''That wa gut-check time [down 2- 1 J. We dug deep and 
every player did her role exceptionally," Dannevik sa id . 

" 0 one was panicking, especially for a young leam," 
Tan aid. "We just said 'we havt! to do this' to ourselve~. 

"Washington is used to an upbeat, blocking, power 
game. They are nOI as Oexibleas us. We're u ed to not being 
the bigger team, so being flexible is not new for us." 

In the fourth game, the only thing that wa~ flexed was 
UCSD's muscle. The Triton ' were down 6-4 before they 
"caught fire," according to Dannevik. 

"Before that [fourth] game, Doug told u~ to make the 
rallie lasllonger. He said they will make mistakes , or we' ll 
make them do what they don't want to ," Van Duyne said. 

After tying the nlatch at two ap iece, the Tritons Iried to 
escape the noise by leavi ng the gym, unaware of a new rule 
Ihat shortened the game-break from fi ve minutes to three. 
UCSD was late returning for the finale, and was assessed a 
virtually-meaningless yellow card, instead of a timeout. 

At the beginning of the deciding game, the scorekeepers 
could have returned late for all anyone would have nOliced, 
as the game remained coreless through II rotations. 

Washington finally brok through with the first point, 
eventually working up a 6-3 advantage. That was to be the 
Bears' final point of the season, as UCSDcalled timeout and 
then smoked their way to the title. 

"We blocked, we changed serves by mixing up shOl1 and 
deep. We had them back on their heels by changing tempo," 
Dunnevik said. "Our serving bothered them." 

UCSD aced the Bears nine times, with only IS service 
errors, compared w ith six aces and 25 errors from the hosts. 

"Liz Vesanovic and Vikki Van Duyne were on fire that 
game," DanneviksaidoftheAll-Toumamentplayet ,adding 
that fellow honoree Tan "made Ihree of the best 0 10 block 
at criti cal times that I've ever seen a middle blocker make." 

Van Duyne nailed 15 kills, added to 13 in the semifinal , 
and Tan chipped in eight the first night and II in the finale. 
Tan also Sluffed a match-high four solo blocks. 

Dannevik explained that Washington 's game plan was 
committed to covering Tan, forCing the Tritons to set 
outside. Vesanovic responded to the opportunity , with a 
team-high 2 1 kills to go with 13 the night before. 

The sophomore's overall play warranted praise from 
Van Duyne, who said, "She had the game of her life." 

Dannevik may have hit it mOl e accurately. "At regionals 
and nationals, Liz may have beenlhe s ingle biggesl fac tor. 

PAID INTERNSHIPS! 

SPORTS FACTS AND FIGURES 

Totar Domination 
A hstmg of all of the NCAA DMSlon III womens volieyball chamPIons 

Yw Qh~mRiQn !.&lli! ~ R~nngr-uR 
1990 UC San Diego Doug DanneVik 3-2 Washington 
1989 Washington Teri Clemens 3·0 Ohio Northern 
1988 UC San Diego Doug DanneVik 3·2 illinois Benedictine 
1987 VC San Diego Doll!! DanneVik 3-0 Elmhurst 
1986, UC San Diego Doug Dannevlk 3-2 Calvin 
1985 Elmhurst Bill Wa~on 3-0 La Verne 

Brian Mo;;rISiCZ;;';;;;;; 
The Tritons (top) celebrate in St. Louis 
after receiving their trophies. Head 
Coach Doug Dannevik (bottom) has 
coached UCSD to all six of its titles. 

1984 UC San Diego Doug Dannevik 3-{) MIT 
1983 Elmhurst Bill Walton 3-1 UC San Diego 
1982 La Verne Jim Paschal 3-1 UC San Diego 
1981' UC San Diego Doug Dannevik 3-2 Juniata 

'The NCAA OI~IS,on III women's vol erbaJ na~Of'\3J champtOf'tShlp lournamem I,st s!aned In 1981 

She provided the ingredient we haven't had all year." 
Washington apparently wa n ' t ready fo r the Tritons' 

new weapon, as Van Duyne said, " they didn't expect our lefl 
outside hitters [Simone, Vesanovic, and Stacie Sasaki] to be 
such a problem." 

The Bears weren ' t prepped for freshman setter Amy 
Banachowski, ei ther, whom Dannevik said, "played as well 
a she can." Banachow ki collected 54 assists in the five 
games, though the Bear managed 110 digs to UCSD's 85. 

In fact. all of the younger players came through. 
"The fre hmen handled it well, but then again. they don't 

know any beller," Van Duyne said. "We tried to e.-plain how 
bad it would be to lose to Washington at their place. I think 
it finally hit them during the match that they could be the 
best in the entire nation." 

While the Tritons showed off new facets of their game 
and executed Dannevik' s plan to keep Washington off 
balance, the Bears "played more or less the same as on 
video," according to Tan. 

"Doug knows how to coach for a national champion-
ship," Van Duyne said. "He knows hOI to COUI. 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

··We·all know that if we do what he says we will win." 
" Westayedone tepahead mO ' t of the marCh," Dannevik 

felt. "We definitely outcoached them:' 
"We executed as well as any coach could ever ask. We 

had to concentrate because we did different tactic in every 
rotation. 

"Washington i used to having its own way during a 
match. I don't think they are u~t:d to coaching during a 
match," he said of Washington. 

For Dannevik, who ha~ witnessed the excitement in all 
six championships ... this may be the sweete:.t becau -e we 
don't have a dominating player or any seniors." 

"This was the best volleyba ll match J've ever been a pan 
of as d coach," he said. 'There were no lapses, it was intense 
for the \ hole two and a half hours, with rallies that had four 
or five dig." 

" We overcame 0 many things, it would have been easy 
to fold to a good team at home, with the crowd 0 loud," 
Dannevik aid. " But we came back, and we were right there. 

" We were physically outmatched, but not mentally, or in 
our heart ." 

Enjoy the Juiciest 
Burgers in Town 

(Positions Limited) 
Applications/Interviews be-
Ing taken now for the best 
summer business internship' 
you can find . Earn $6-
$12,000+ while managing 
your branch of UNIVERSITY 
PAINTING PROFESSIONALS 
during summer 1991, 

UNLOCK 
THE DOOR TO 
OPPORTUNITY 

Mosl docloral sludenls (64-91%). aher 
compleling Ihelr course work, remain w,lh 
a dlssertahon pending complellon Indefl· 
nIlely Among these ABDs ,AII·S 't·the· 
Dlsserlallon/ are generally found the 
brlghlesl and most creative candldales 

" 4':80 Convoy SI 
Kearny Mesa 
576,8542 

13 
3Znd & MalO 
San O'ego 
281-9083 

.2 
1800 B qosecrans 

Pt. to'l1a 
22~Q279 

'4 Buy any hamburger, 
sandwich or gyros and 

get a second one 

Call1-800-KAlL-UPP today. 

Check ou t the Reading And 
Study Skills Center by 

appointment 
or drop In lit USB 4010, 

8-4 :30 dally 

FR~E FREE FREE 

Address,rg those elements 'nvolved I~ de· 
'ay,ng completIon, Ihe wOlkshop gwdes 
partlc'paNs. Irom beginning to follow'n~ 
Ihrough and completon, partIcularly aher 
years 01 HliICllVlly and rega'diess of wnere 
ther a'e In the proce.; 

Wor,shop Inlormailon 
985·0426 

Poslgraduate Group 

3443 Un,verSlly 
N'lfIn Park 
280·9883 

· We bag every comic 
• We offer Free Discounts 
• In'S tore subSCriptIon service 
, Special holds & searches 
• We're open until 7 p.m. every day 

FREE! 
JEFF'S BURGERS 
2102 Avcnida Do La Playa 

La JOI a ShOres 454·8038 



/. 

( . 

TIll' V Monda " November 19, 1990 

. . . 1990 NCAA DIVISION III WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP 

UCSD DEFEATS WASHINGTON (MO) IN A FIVE-GAME FINAL 
FOR ITS SIXTH NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP IN 10 YEARS 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
The Tritons traveled to Washington University in St. Louis for the second time this season, but this time they came away the winner and national champion. 

By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

Someone forgot to lock the trophy ca eat 
Washington Univer ity over the weekend, 
and the UCSD women'~ volleyball team 
sneaked in and ~tol e the Bears' national title . 

Then again, one might justify thal the 
NCAA Division III alional Champion title 
belonged to the Tritons in the fir-! place. 
They won the fir!>t title in 1981 - and the 
founh, six th, eventh, and eighth one!>. 

"The veterans wanted to prove that 
U D's reign wa ... n't ended at la!>t year'., 
regionais," All-American u:1d AII -Tourna-
ment player iJ...J...1 an Duync .,aid. 

0, aturday ntght at the defending 
champion Bears' lair in '\. Loui~. SD 
reclallned the propcny it lo~t In!>t .,eac,on, 
outla,>ting the ho ... t!>. 15 A, 13-15,9-15, 15-8, 
15-6, in a two-hour, 22-llllllute match. 

WlIlning the nati nal chnmplOn.,hip wa" 

not a goal the Tritons - a team wi th ix 
freshmen and only two players left from the 
la t title-winning team (1988) - ~et at the 
beginning of the year. 

"Winning was not as obviou a goal as it 
used to be," captain Elizabeth Tan aid. 

"Washington la month ago] was an eye-
opener. We knew we were good, but we 
didn't know how good. We realized that 
Washington was beatable." 

Eliza eth Banez echoed tho!>e thought . 
"After we lost to [Washington] wc really 
wanted to !>ee them again. Wanting re enge 
was good motivation," she aid. 

ince that I ss, the Tritons' only in 21 
Di vi.,iun III gamc!>. lIead oach Doug 
Dannevl)., and company were worJ... ing 10-
\ ard a Icmatch 101 all the marble'> . 

But th» secomJ-ranJ...cd 1 riton ... had to get 
by thmJ-,>ecded ollege 01 l. Benedict (M ) 
in the ., 'mifinal. SI) had beaten the 

Bl azers in four grueling game at 
Wa hington 's tourney en route to the final 
vcrsu the Bear - but the equeJ didn ' t at 
all resemble the original. The Tritons dis-
mantled SI. Benedict in three games, es-
sentially routing them into embarra ment 
15-6, 15-6, 15-9. 

"We played almost perfectly within our 
game plnu," Dannevik aid. "We took their 
good athletc~ ut f the picture. We d mi-
nated them." 

Dannevik felt that match set the tone ror 
the final. "Everyone !>aw us play, and they 
saw that we were for real - that we were 
beller than a m nth ago," he !>aid. 

After the TnlOn!> secured their place in 
tht' final, it was Washington's tum t keep 
up II'> end of the banwin again,t f unh-
fan).,ed Juniata (I' ). The Bear~, who had 
lo!>t onl} 15 game., 111 32 matches. 'le t up the 
.,h wdown wi th a 154, IS I:!, 1.+-16. 15-5 

victory . 
Although UCSD (37-8) had spent a week 

preparing for the inevitable, the Triton . 
cram ses ion continued the morning of the 
match with a video screening. While the 
player were using It to get fir d up, Dannevik 
utilized it to et his game plan again t the 
bigger, stronger Bears. 

"We created the match for our rhythm 
and temp ; that was the nly way we could 
play with th m," Dannevik said . 

Therc was ewry opportunity for D 
to be int imidated - playing the defending 
hampions on their home court in rr nt of 

3,400 red and green-c lad. voca l "'pcctator!). 
Danne iJ... , however. wou ld not It: t hi 

tcam get rattled. refu!'o.ing to ca ll time ut 
when 0 wa.., dm\,n 4-1, be':ause he 
didn ' t want 10 open the dool f)1 the crowd to 
be a factor. 

See NATIONAL CHAMPS. Page 23 


