
More Problems 
With Parking 
NighttimeIWeekend Parking Changes 

Opinion, page 4 

The UCSD New 
Music Festival 
Stars of the Future Play Saturday 

Hiatus, page H1 

The UCSD 

Triton Tennis Takes 
Off for Nationals 
UCSD Women Seeded #1, Men #8 

Sports, page 14 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 70, NUMBER 12 THURSDAY, MAY 10, 1990 
-------------------------------------------------------------

A.S. to Seek Facility Funding 
Administration Approves Search 
For Commercial RIMAC Sponsors 
By ANTON BITTNER 
News Editor 

Vice Chancellor Joseph Wat-
son approved the request of A.S. 
President John Edson to seek com-
mercial sponsorship for the re-
cently-approved RIMAC (Recrea-
tionalllntramural! Athletics and 
Events Center) facility last week, 
reversing the administration 's 
stance on such sponsorships, Ed-
son announced recently. 

Watson has been on vacation 
since discussing the decision with 
Edson, and was unavailable for 
comment. Associate Vice Chan-
cellor A.W.Russ, who has assumed 
Watson's duties during his absence, 
said he has heard nothing of the 
decision but did not dismiss the 
idea. 

Previously, the administration 
opposed commercial sponsorship 
ofRIMAC because it felt that such 
sponsors would detract from the 
academic environment of the uni-
versity, Edson said. 

ties. The referendum received a 
"yes" vote from 87.1 'percent of 
those voting. 

RIMAC, a 210,000 square-foot 
multipurpose structure, will in-
clude recreational facilities and a 
5,OOO-seat events arena. Comple-
tion is scheduled for the 1993-94 
academic year. 

The facilities, which will cost 
UCSD students approximately 
$170 million, are currently slated 
to be paid for through student fees. 
Recreation fees are to be raised 
$70 a quarter per student ujX>n 
completion of RIMAe construc-
tion, and will go up an additional 
$5 every five years for 25 years 
thereafter. 

Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
has also pledged a $6 million fun-
draising commitment to the proj-
ect, but many organizations, such 
as the Graduate Student ASSOCia-
tion, have argued that the financial 
burden of RIMAC on students is 
too great. 

more accessible to minority stu-
dents requiring financial aid. 

The only type of sponsor Wat-
son opposes are alcoholic bever-
age distributors, because the school 
alcohol policy would have to be 
reevaluated before such sponsor-
ships could be accepted, Edson 
reported. 

According to Edson, Watson 
hinted that if the alcohol policy 
were reviewed, TGIFs would also 
be reexamined and possibly elimi-
nated. 

Edson added that he hoped to 
raise $170 million for RIMAC 
without having to olicit "alcohol 
sponsors." 

"My hope is that I can avoid 
that issue altogether ... [but] I 
would not give in on the TG issue," 
Edson said. 

Edson added that the type of 
sponsors and what kind of endorse-
ments they will receive for donat-
ing money to the facility will be 
determined by the RIMAC Com-

See RIMA C, page 3 

Waiting for Summer ... 

Rlmas UzgirlsiGuardian 
Students rested in the sun on Revelle Plaza yesterday. 

"Never yet has the administra-
tion allowed commercial sponsor-
ships ... even for events like the 
Sun God Festival," he added. 

With revenue from commercial 
sponsors, however, students may 
be able to lower their recreation 
fees. A.S. Discusses Lack of Student Power 

According to Edson, the cata-
lyst for the change in policy was a 
referendum in April's A.S. general 
election asking students if they 
approved of commercial sponsor-
ship of RIMAC in order to reduce 
student fees to pay for the facili-

Edson is optimistic that RIMAC 
may be funded entirely through 
sponsorships, completely eliminat-
ing the need for a student fee in-
crease. 

Grove Caffe Workers Complain About Hiring Decision 
By CATHERINE DILLE 
News Editor 

He emphasized that possible 
RIMAC fee reductions caused by 
sponsorship might make UCSD 

Vice President External Molly 
McKay and Assorted Vinyl Man-
ager Jonathan Judaken gave the 

Economists Discuss Effects of 
Military Budget Cuts on State 
By MARY BETTY HEARD 
Senior S,ajfWriler 

Three economists discussed the potential im-
pacts of defense budaet cuts on California's econ-
omy in a forum held Monday at the Price Center. 

The forum, sponsored by UCSD's Division of 
Social Sciences, featured UCSD F..conomics Pr0-
fessor Michael Rothschild, Rand Corporation 
economist James Hosek, and Ua.A Business 
Economics Professor LaITy Kimbell. 

Rothschild, Social Science Division chair and 
host of the forum, bellD by saying that "at first 
sight, the peace dividend provides an opportunity 
to reduce taxes IIId to address the domestic pr0b-
lema which we haven't been able to afford, such as 
drug use, education. or the environment." 

"However, many fear that • rapid decrease in 
defeme spendinl could have serious effecta on 
[California's] economy," he continued. 

Rothschild went on 10 pose. series of questions 

relating the defense budget cuts proposed by the 
Bush Administration and the House of Represen-
tatives to the work fon;e in Sul Diego and through-
out the state. . 

"Defense cutbacks could lead to a local decline. 
CUl highly skilled manpower whicb is ttained in 
defense ... find wOlt elsewhere'l" Rothschild asked. 

Hosek explained the maanitude of the defense 
budget cuts proposed by President Bush aDd 
Congress. and how the cuts would affect govern-
ment proarams. 

Bush's bOOlet request, submitted for approval 
in January, funds new weapons systems wbile CUl-
tina active duty penonnel, reserve personnel, and 
current-aeneration weapons systems. 

The Busb plan projected an "overall decrease 
of 11 pacent [in the defense budaet] by 199', or 
roulhly two ~ per year," Hosek said. 

'1'hII is • projected savinp of S 125 billion 
dollan over the five-year period, relative to what 

See FORUM, ... 3 

A.S. soapbox a workout at last 
night's council meeting. 

"Student empowerment" was 
the dominant theme of the eve-
ning, as the council discussed a 
recent Grove Committee decision 
to hire a paid non-student manager 
fpr the Grove Caffe, much to the 
chagrin of McKay and other Grove 
employees. 

McKay, who is an assistant 
manager at the Grove Caffe, ex-
plained that the Grove Committee 
does not have any representatives 
from the Grove Caffe student 
management. 

The Grove Committee is com-
prised of the A.S. advisor, the 
manager of the Craft Center, the 
A.S. business manager, the A :S. 
commissioner of enterprises, and 
"student at large" Paul Eykamp, 
who is not employed by the Grove 
but is on the Craft Center govern-
ing board, Eykamp said. 

"Even the Grove manager does 
not have a vote on this managing 
board .... I was told that ifl, along 
with other managers from the 
Grove Caffe, went to the Grove 
Committee's meeting I would be 
kicked out," McKay complained. 

McKay said that the admini-
stration is seeking a paid, non-
student Grove manager to help 

Student Organization Business 
Manager Josie Hollinger with 
Grove paperwork that has in-
creased greatly since the cafe's 
addition opened recently. 

According to McKay, Grove 
staff members could do the work 
that the new menager position 
would entail. 

A.S. President John Edson and 
Mordecai Potash, the A.S . 
president's repre entative to the 
University Center Board (UCB), 
coauthored a resolution requesting 
that the decision to hire a paid non-
student manager be negated be-
cause the A.S. and UCB, co-own-
ers of the Grove Caffe, were never 
consulted on the decision, and 
because the only student input on 
the Grove Committee comes from 
a "student at large" who is ap-
proved neither by the A.S. nor the 
UCB. 

The resolution stated that "no 
further policy deci ion about the 
Grove Caffe will be made without 
approved representatives of the 
A.S. and UCB." 

The resolution will be voted on 
at the next A.S. meeting. 

Judaken said a similar ituation 
involving"student empowennent" 
had arisen recently involving As-

See A.S., pale 3 



( .~ .. 
. , 

I 
, . 

\.. 
UCNEWS 

Report Cites Environmental, Health 
Problems at UC-Run Livermore Lab 

BERKELEY - A U.S. Depanment of Energy draft 
repon released recently found that Lawrence Livermore 
National Laboratory. managed by the UC,lacks coordina-
tion, formal procedures and direction in the areas of envi-
ronment, safety, and health activities. 

A 58-person team of inve tigator documented wide-
pread noncompliance of federal and state regulation at 

the Livermore facility . 
Full compliance with regulations will require funda-

mental change in current procedures, the repon states. 
"We pa sed, but I'm not satisfit'A with the mark we 

got," said Duane Sewell, acting lab deputy director. 
Secretary of Energy James Watkins commissioned the 

'Tiger Team' assessments last summer to strengthen en-
vironmental protection and waste management in the 
Energy Department's national labs. 

The team spent six weeks examining all aspects of lab 
operations, including environment, safety and health 
activities, documentation, planning, and management. 

Procedures to monitor air emissions and to character-
ze and manage wastes head the list of environmental 

problems in the draft. 
The inspectors attributed all 47 instances of noncom-

pliance to poor communication and lack of guidance man-
agement. 

Key safety and health findings include widespread 
training deficiencies, a lack of fonnal management con-
trols, and an unclear line of accountability. 

An environment, safety, and health council will be 
mitiated by Sewell to advise and oversee lab operations. 
Training programs will be formalized, and self-assess-
ment programs will be continued. 

Watkins has directed that a comprehensive plan of 
action be penned by this month. 

UCLA Students Protest to Support 
Chicano Studies Major, Department 

LOS ANGELES - In solidarity with Latino aware-
ness protests nationwide, more than 300 students gathered 
outside of Campbell Hall on Monday demanding the 
preservation of the Chicano Studies major and the crea-
tion of a department in the discipline. 

Students left their noon classes in symbolic protest of 

Calvin and Hobbes 
AI'\\) SO, ~~~\~G £~It.\\ II£R 
~ILL , ~t. t.\C1\l£~ SIR.D 
R£T\lR~ S \t) \\£R ~t.SL , 

_ 'f\\\£Qt Slit Rt<;\)~G\IMtS 
TIlt 'foIORt.\S TO mp \\EI<. 

~\)NGR' BROOD. ~ ____ 

SIGI1\H-IH\\II ,. 

Chancellor Charles Young and a university which they 
claim has "institutionalized racism" in its policies of 
retention, financial aid, faculty recruitment, and admis-
ions. 

"All you people out there who are thinking, 'Oh my 
God this girl is really radical. Why doesn ' t she go through 
the system, sit down and say "Please chancellor, keep my 
Chicano Studies major." , I'll tell you, I went through all 
that bullshit. Fuck working through the system. The 
administration does not want to work through the sys-
tem," said angry UCLA MEChA member Alicia Molina. 

"Last year when we said, ' Please, chancellor, can we 
have a Chicano Studies department,' you know what the 
fuck he said - 'Chicano Studies is a second-rate major. 
I 'll never give you a depanment and thank goodness you 
are not majoring in Chicano Studies because you would 
never get into law chool.' 

"When the fuck is he going to stop consoling us and 
spitting on our people. If he spits on me - I' ll spit back 
at him," she said. 

Citing recent Supreme Coun decisions limiting af-
firmative action, UC cutbacks in financial aid, and more 
stringent admissions poliCies, Financial Suppons Com-
missioner-elect Octavio Navarro warned that more stu-
dent activism was necessary to achieve true diversity on 
college campuses. 

"The Supreme Coun in the last few years has taken 
away and voted against affinnative action. The university 
last year changed its admissions policy to affect all of us, 
not just Chicano/Latinos, but Asian and black students 
alike. What you have to do today is make a commitment 
not to yourselves, but to your community ... and the 
future," Navarro said. 

Speakers repeatedly blasted top administrators for not 
living up to the professed commitment to diversity. 

The protesters added that the university'S actual com-
mitment to the issue of diversity is evident in its refusal to 
adequately fund the Chicano Studies major and other key 
programs in minority student retention. 

MEChA member Milo Alvarez attacked the new UC 
admissions policies and criticized Young for his refusal to 
meet UCLA Latinos' demand for the creation of a Chi-
cano Studies department. 

"It is ridiculous that Los Angeles, having the largest 
population of Mexicans outside of Mexico City itself, 
does not have the strongest Chicano Studies depanment in 
the nation and in the world. 

"What I would like to see is the admissions policy 
reflect the demographics of this area. The Los Angeles 
Unified School District is 60 percent Chicano/Latino. The 
administration can deal with us now, or they can deal with 
us later," he said. 

by Bill Watterson 
, , 

111E.R£S NO \\E.AO R£ST 00 
1111<; Olt>.IR! I S~OULD 

SU~ FOR Wl\lPlflSI\ ' 

/ ~ 

,*UCSDNEWS 
" 
County Seeks Child Care Volunteers 

UCSD students are needed now to volunteer at the 
children's waiting rooms in the San Diego County coun-
houses. Three and a half hours a week will help these 
children through a stressful time and keep them from 
being left unattended in the hallways. To volunteer, call 
694-3211. 

Staff Member Named 40th Senate 
District Woman of the Year for 1990 

Delia H. Talamantez, director ofthe Staff Affinnative 
Action/Conflict of Interest Office at UCSD, has been 
named the 40th Senate district's Woman of the Year for 
1990. She is one of the outstanding California women 
annually selected for the honor by their state senator or 
assembly member. 

Active in Hispanic and government causes, Talaman-
tez has been recognized by the San Diego City Council 
and San Diego County Human Relations commission for 
her work on a variety of key groups and issues - the 
Citizen's Advisory Board on Police Community Rela-
tions, the Department of Binational Affairs, the Integra-
tion Task Force of the Superior Court , and public school 
integration. She was an honoree of the YWCA's 10th 
Anniversary Tribute to Women and Industry, and was 
also honored by the Mexican American Business and Pro-
fessional Association. 
Lecture Series Continues With Skin 
Cancer Prevention Talk on May 16 

Georgia Sadler, an associate director at the UCSD 
Cancer Center, will discuss how to prevent skin cancer 
and how to spot it early in a talk titled "Arming Yourself 
Against Skin Cancer." The lecture, followed by a ques-
tion-and-answer session, is scheduled for May 16 at the 
UCSD Faculty Club. 

The evening will begin with light refreshments at 7:30 
p.m., followed by the program at 8 p.m. Cost is $2.50 per 
person. Reservations are required, and may be made by 
calling the UCSD Cancer Center at 543-3870. 

The lecture is the fourth in a series presented by the 
UCSD Cancer Center Forum, a support group dedicated 
to bringing new information about cancer detection, pre-
vention, and treatment to the community. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason Snell, Associate News Editor 

GTheUCSD DA.DIAN 
PHL GRUEN, EdIfrN In ChIef 
ROllIN MAC LEAH, """.,. EdIttN 
ANTON 8fJ1NER, "... ElIIlrIr 
BEN BOYCHUK. AADc*te OpInIon Editor 
DAYID BURIOtART, 0pInbI EdItor 
DANA CHAIKEN,,,, EdItor 
JAIES Eo COLlIER, JR., FeMu,.. Editor 
CATHERN: DILlE,"" Editor 
RANDY DOTINGA, Copy Editor 
DOREEN ERENEA, Aaoc:I8M FNfu,.. Editor 
LARA HEI8lER, ..--.. Alt8I£ntIHra/nm.nl Editor 
PATRICIA JETTIE, AnaIE~n""'" Editor 
GAIL JOHNSON, Aaoc:I8M Photo Editor 
PETER KO, AADc*te SpoIU Editor 
HELENA LENG LOft, AADc*te Aft&IEnt.n.1nmen1 Editor 
JEFF QUAN, GflIPII- Editor 
.. ASON SNELL, ANOCIIIte ,.." Editor 
JENNFER YANCEY, AADc*. AmlElIIfI1aJnment Edilor 
RlMAS UZGIRIS, PIlato Editor ::or .......... : Andr .. AdIeman, Mary !!ely -, CIwlstinIIUz_, Brian 
IIItIWIIIIII:_Aardon,Miul8erIa, W"BillI. ErIc BroIio,iM&IM*j, Scoa 
C-, PIInw cit GlInt. ,..... HIdaII. JuIIt HIIrriIr. GIa lee. Adam 
Levy.DML.hlIhm, ........... JoIhOlhz._P-.DavtclPcllc:ha, 
MIIIW AllIIn, Tam AIzzI-. __ RattinI. .... AocIicII, IlItlbiI ADIInfIII, 
Uor 1IozIrrr8I. SIInIIh Sandt.1I1cI1oIf Sc/Idtz. Doug ShIdcIe. l.i1da Sphnr. 
CIIriI s.n..INn SuzoAd. KM> T .. , Nicola WIIilIhNd, Jell V~ 
" I ... ...,' IIIichMI Aniol. Grtg 1IenII. ...... KoIIky, CotyLidoclin. Ed Urn. 
FIn lI.m. SuI MIpII. tIriIn MontI. JllmlIIuIdoon. JolIn 0InrlI, " ...... V ... 
"* Zur1igl ~'1' 
-....-:.c.-.IIIIoCoaper. Tany~.Carin lAw ........... Loigh 

AMt~, Kaly Roe. Ti'OIN T~ 
~: KIll BIcloIIl. ...... FIwf, ........... 
eo" ....... : Holly CooPer, GIla ~, JuIe P\lzon, ..... SprlngIr 
f'IoducIooI: Tracy Blown. Or_ClU, ....... ....-. ChIrloI PIr1<. r .... Woo Jell VII1IIgIJCIIi -.., • 
r..., DRcIIn: Sttt SIIIIr. OM! wtr-

IINVCSD~lIpodot4d~ondTllndoysclorirll"'_'""'bylllC! 
!oI1!It_oIUCSO Aopoducjonol .. _In .. , 1omI. _,,_or 
II pili. _ poIIIIiMiOfI-1IIIcf1 p-oIIibeed. 0 1990. II ~ ,_. 
n.. VCSD ~iI no1'ooponICIioforl!lt ,01Urnol_ ~or art. Tht 
_ 0",,_" ~ nllOQnOd -. orlXlr1lrntnllritdo not _, 'lIP'. 
..... opwoor-. oIIINUCSOGuMOM," u.-lilIoICoIiIomoa. or .. AssoeIattcl S ... 
_ 01 UCSO Spdor_. Spdor-llon, _ -.... opIdo<..., 

Edltor.t: 534-6580 aualMaa: 534-3486 Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD Guardian, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Thursday, May 10, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

A.S.: Student Power, Security Discussed 
Conti nued from page] George Wynne, a fonner UCSD event will be I1an Mor, an Israeli 
~orted Vinyl's attempt to obtain student. representative. A Russian immi-
machines that would allow stu- According toKroopkin, Wynne grant will also recount his experi-
dent tomakecreditcardpurchases. set himself afire in Revelle Plaza ences about the alleged rebinh of 
The administration would not al- 20 year ago this week in protest of organized anti-semitism currently 
low the machines, he said. the Vietnam War. The memorial going on within the Soviet Union. 

Regarding the Grove's s itu- service is to commemorate Themajoritem to be voted on at 
ation, ludaken said: "I understand Wynne 's death with personal testi- the next A.S. meeting will be the 

. that Josie Hollinger is overbur- monials. allocation of $9,023 for the pur-
dened ... but the bottom line is that Anotherstudent announced that chase of a Macintosh system for 
the Grove management shouldn ' t there will be a special lecture on A.S. use. 
be taken out of student hands." Tuesday, May 15 at 7:00 p.m. in The proposal was made by 

The A.S.later voted to allocate TLH 107 to educate students on Commissioner of Public Relations 
an additional $1,852 to the Spring the situation of Jewish people liv- George Maurer, who said the sys-
Festival for Peace for additional ing in the Sovie!! Union. tern "would virtually pay for it-
security and technical costs. The keynote speaker for the self" in several years. 

ludaken, who is the chairman 
of the event, explained that the 
additional money was needed pri-
marily topay for security costs that 
are determined by the UCSD head 
of security. 

ludaken added that while he 
could hire outside security foron~­
third of the cost ofUCSD security, 
UCSD security must be hired for 
an A.S.-sponsored event. 

New Indicator legal advisor 
Monty Kroopkin called the secu-
rity situation a "protection racket" 
and urged A.S. members to check 
into what rights they have in tenns 
of hiring UCSD security. 

Kroopkin also encouraged A.S. 
members to attend a special me-
morial service Thursday evening 
at 7:30 p.m. in Revelle Plaza for 

RIMA C: Administration 
OKs Sponsorship Sea'rcb 
Continued from page 1 
miUee. 

As an example of possible 
sponsorship methods. Edson 
cited an olympic-sized swim-
ming pool at l,JCLA paid for 
entirely by funds from Anhe-
user-Busch breweries. Inretum, 
the Budweiser logo was painted 
on the bottom of the pool. 

Watson's decision will also 
help the A.S.lobby for Proposi-
tion 111, a state measure on the 
June ballot that will lower stu-
dent fee increases if passed, 

Edson said. 
"When we agree to increase 

our fees, it hampers our ability 
to lobby [for Proposition Ill) 
in Sacramento," he explained, 
sayiogthatifstudentssbowlhey 
are willing to raise their own 
fees. they hun tbe credibility of 
tbeirargument tbatfee increases 
need to be controlled. 

Vice President of Finance 
Sergio Laogaracia will work 
out a' program for solicitation 
of sporoSoJS over the summer, 
Edson said. 

FORUM: Effects of Reductions Discussed 
Continued from page 1 
would otherwise be spent," he 
explained. 

The House of Representatives 
has proposed a more severe budget 
cut that would decrease the de-
fense budget by 10 percent in the 
first year instead of over five years, 
according to Hosek. 

He said that 
while the two per-

chance that one of the (aircraft] 
carriers stationed here will be cut. 
If we go down to 10 carriers from 
12 it is likely to affect San Diego. 
[There will be an] essentially higher 
cost to live around here ... enlist-
ment opponunities will decline." 

After Hosek's comments, 
Kimbell spoke on the effects of the 

sorb defense reductions ... we pre-
dict a slower growth rate for Cali-
fornia," he said. 

Kimbell suggested that while 
the cuts in the defense budget would 
mean fewer jobs in the manufac-
turing sector, other areas could 
grow to accomomdate the sllift. 

"tf the [defense] cuts are big-
ger, we will have 
even further job 

cent per year de-
crease proposed by 
the president was 
an underestima-
tion, "a five per-
cent decrease is 

'Whether the cuts are five percent or 
11 percent ... California will not go 
Into a recession.' 

losses ... but they 
can still be ab-
sorbed because of 
the rest of the serv-
ice sector ... and not 
have the total jobs 
decline," Kimbell cenainly more rea-

sonable than the 10 
percent proposed 
by the House of Representatives." 

Hosek explained that one effect 
of the budget cuts would be a re-
duction in the research budget by 
approximately nine percent, but 
indicated that this reduction would 
not adversely affect other pro-
grams. 

"The reductions in defense re-
search and development would be 
more than offset by growth in the 
other science budgets. NASA 
would have funds for the shuttle 
space station, a manned base on 
the moon, and a manned mission to 
Mars," he added. 

As for the military budget, 
Hosek said, "It is well within rea-
son to contemplate cuts in the Army 
of 25 percent, in the Air Force of 
20 percent, and far more modest 
cuts in the Navy and Marines ... it 
would mean 34,000 fewer people 
in the armed forces on active duty." 

When later asked how San 
Diego would be affected by a de-
fense budget cut, Hosek said, " My 
estimate is that the size oftne Navy 
and Marine Corps will be little 
affected by (the cutbacks] ." 

He admitted that "there is some 

- Larry Kimbell 

proposed defense cuts on 
California's economy. 

According to Kimbell, theecon-
omy is unique because the state did 
not go through a decade of eco-
nomic depression after post-World 
War II defense budget cuts. 

"It has to make one more opti-
mistic that if what we are looking 
at now in the future is much milder 
that the radical cutbacks (after 
World War II], we have to believe 
that the California economy can 
adjust to the prevalent cutbacks," 
he said. 

Kimbell asserted that growth in 
California fluctuates depending on 
the size of the defense budget, but 
added that a cutback in defense 
"doesn't necessarily mean we will 
lose jobs .... California has been 
able to shift out of defense, slow 
down, pause. and move ahead again 
in a subsequent period of time." 

"Whether the cuts are five per-
cent or 11 percent, as well as we 
can estimate, California will not 
go into a recession. If the base 
forecast of the U.S. economy has 
been counted as moving slowly 
ahead, that environment can ab-

said. 
Kimbell con-

eluded by summing the total effect 
of a reduced defense budget. 

"In California, we project the 
real Gross State Product will fall 
by about $7 billion, employment 
will be reduced by about 151,000 
... we will grow more slowly. A 
slow-down in the job outlook ... is 
going to mean a reduction in the 
population, and a little less pres-
sure on the affordability of hous-
ing," he said. 

!.&uu!afJ{Ott& 
Mandarin Ie Suchwan Cuisine 

UCSD 
SPECIALS 
MOTHER'S DAY 
We will be open Sunday, 

May 13th for a 
special seafood buffet 

• ALL YOU CAN EAT • 
Lllnch Buffet :I as 
(MOII.·SIlI.) 

• DINNER SPECIAL $1 00 
(any diwler Mon .-Tllllrs .) ... 

3310Govemor 457-3533 
(romer of Governor" Resents) 

NEWS 3 

Interested in joining the 
Guardian staff in 1990-91 

as Design Editor? 
Applications for the Guardian Design Edi-

tor for the 1990-91 academic year are being 
accepted through 5 p.m. Saturday, May 19. 
Dutie include compiling a design manual, 
advising section editors, maintaining a con-
sistent style throughout the paper, and serving 
as a layout consultant. 

Applications should include aresume, cover 
letter, and clips, and should be submitted to 
the Editor in Chiefs box at the Guardian of-
fice. If you wish to mail your application, 
send it to the UCSD Guardian, c/o Phil Gruen, 
B-O 16, La Jolla, CA 92093. Call the Guardian 
at 534-6580 if you have questions, 

• •••••••••••••• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

When You 
Buy Any 

PIZZA 
PASTA or 
SANDWICH, 

We'll give you soup or salad 

As usUAl 
""qMI'YI KUYUT 

and a beverage 
(wine & beer included) 

fO!9UI pool FREE! (save up to $3.30) 

• 

~ 
M-JII Ilam-Mid. 
F-Sat 110m-lam 
S- II :3Oam·MiJ 

Dine·ln only for Ihis special offer 
Please present coupon when ordenng. Expires 5/24/90 

• __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAI~AJl __ 

70MS Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \lIN and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 

20% ~~!!?~~~!. 
• Must present coupon and valid UCSD 10 at time of estimate. 

Not valid wtth najor engine or transmisslori repairs. 

rl l I CALL ~~ 450-94941 
-If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 

• About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References, 

5&70 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 10, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN. Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN. Managing Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE. News Editor 
ANTON BITTNER. News Editor 
DAVID BURKHART. Opinion Editor 

The UCSD GWJTdiair is publi..tlcd IWicc: wcckl), AI Ihe UniveBil)'ol~lifomia. San DieJO. CoruenI.S C I990. 
Views ex~sed herein reprcsenllhc m:ajority VOIC of the edilOriaJ board, and are not MC~s.anly lhoseoflhr: 
UC Board 01 Reaen[S., the ASUCSO, nor the entire Gwudimt stiff. 

Changes Needed 

Parking ... Yet Again 
Students voted overwhelmingly a year ago against charging 

for night and weekend parking. Not suprisingly, for nearly a year 
there has been a charge for night and weekend parking. With it 
comes several frustrations that can hopefully be eased in the 
policy's second year. 

The reason Parking and Transponation Services wants to keep 
the policy is simple: There's money in it. Since the fees were 
instituted last July, the net income from night and weekend 
parking has been $20,000. This includes the sale of 

permits, revenue meters, so on. so 
account the costs of salaries, clerical support, vehicles, and even 
those silly little vests and shirts the parking workers wear. 

Night and weekend parking is likely to be even more lucrative 
next year, as Parking Services plans to raise the price of night! 
weekend permits and visitor permits. This is a source of income 
the parking bureaucracy doesn't want to lose. 

But there are some improvements that need to be made. One 
of the most aggravating features of the policy is the traffic tie-ups 

tha~ result at some entrances to campus - most notably near the 
information booth on Gilman Drive. The signs direct traffic to 
the right to buy pennits. But the parking workers are standing in 
the median in the center of the road, so they must walk into the 
middle of the lane to sell a permit. Moreover, as one parking 
worker said, "people ignore the signs anyway." So cars often 
wait to purchase pennits in both lanes, backing up traffic. Cars 
also execute bizarre maneuvers, such as U-turns from the right 
lane and stopping in the middle of the intersection. These are 
apparently prompted by indecisiveness about whether to pur-
chase a permit, and the problems are exacerbated by the backed-
up traffic. 

Booths are planned for the future to facilitate the selling of 
permits, but in the meantime, the signs should be changed. Aside 
fro m the inconvenience, having the parking workers walking in 
the middle o f the stree t (even with orange vests) is a safety risk. 

Anothe r change that should be made has been suggested here 
before: Allow students with permits to park at meters during the 
e vening hours. Even if several meters in each lot are reserved for 
people without penn its, this change would greatly alleviate the 
risk of students walking a great distance in the dark to their 
destinations. It would be a simple change to make, and the impact 
on revenue would be slight (people with permits now merely 
park further away, leaving metered spaces empty). 

There has also been some discussion of eliminating weekend 
charges. This is a good idea, since most visitors on weekends are 
attending events, or seeing friends or relatives, and should not be 
burdened with the cost and inconvenience. Also, the revenues 
from weekend parking are probably not worth the cost, but the 
exact figures were not available. 

Changing the night and weekend parking policy in these three 
ways would make the policy to lerable, ifnot entirely acceptable. 
Refusing to make the changes would create needless inconven-
iences and safety problems. 

Cheating Policy Was Misrepresented 
Editor: 

After reading your editorial 
"Unfair Consistencies" (April 26), 
I rereadyourarticle"UCSDGrad-
ing Policy Uncertain for Students 
Accused of Cheating" (April 23), 
and I felt compelled to offer the 
following observations: 

Both your April 23 article and 
April 26 editorial on the UCSD 
grading policy raise important 
concerns about the current state of 
the Academic Dishonesty Policy. 
However, in both instances you 
mischaracterize the role and atti-
tude of UCSD faculty in the de-
velopment and implementation of 
the policy, and you misrepresent 
my view of the policy. 

In these two pieces you also 
incorrectly imply the existence of 
anadversarial atti tude between the 
administrators of Student Conduct 
and the Academic Senate Com-
mittee on Education Policy (CEP). 

. Furthermore, while the April 
23 article correctly reports the 
existence of a discrepancy between 
the text of the UCSD Student 
Conduct Code and the Academic 
Senate Policy on Integrity of 
Scholarship, it is incorrect to imply 

that students accused of cheating 
are treated unfairly by the faculty 
or are deprived of due process. 

The fact is that students are af-
forded the benefit of an elaborate 
review process which includes the 
opportunity for a hearing by an 
impartial hearing body composed 
of three faculty members and two 
students. 

Additionally, the faculty, 
through the Academic Senate 
Committee on Education Policy 
(CEP) have also devoted signifi-
cant time and effort in reviewing 
the academic dishonesty proce-
dures to ensure that incidents of 
academic dishonesty are processed 
fairly and effectively. 

It is also important to note that 
the CEP review of the academic 
dishonesty procedures provided 
ample opportunity for student 
input through the ASUCSD rep-
resentative on CEP. 

I have also confirmed that it is 
not true that UC General Counsel 
recently sent a letter to all aca-
demic senates regarding their 
opinion on the grading issue as 
reported in your April 23 article. 
To my knowledge, such a letter 

Recycling Not A Panacea 
Editor: 

An)azing, perhaps amusing but definitely scary readin8 from 
the Q&A section of the April 19th edition of the Guardian ("What 
is One Thing a Person Can Do to Help the Environment?',) 

Not one of your overo()ptimistic panicipants bas heard of the 
first and second laws of thermodynamics and still buy the idea of 
recycling as a magical solution to the ever-increasing dissipation 
of energy resulting from every event that occurs. 

Probably the saddest case is that of Mr. Moffitt who reads 
newspapers, drinks beer and lets a car decay even faster by not 
washing it. The millions of people who do JUSt that are the main 
source of unnecessary dissipation of energy. But then, who will 
decide what are the necessary sources of pollution? 

BENSON 

Ariel F. Flores 

Sorry. Its alreJdy 
~\ rented oui 

to ~ 

never existed. 
In addition, I was incorrectly 

quoted as saying "the Academic 
Senate's policy on academic in-
tegrity is not enforceable." The 
only aspect of the Academic Sen-
ate policy which is in question is 
the wording in the procedures 
regarding the issuance of a grade 
as a disciplinary action. In addi-
tion, I take issue with the implica-
tions in both the April 23 article 
and the April 26 editorial that 
students don ' t have access to the 
Student Conduct Code or thatthey 
are denied due process. 

I fully support the idea of pro-
viding every student with a copy 
of the conduct Code, but even if 
we could fund the printing of over 
17,000 copies of the code to ac-
complish this task, it would be 
extremely difficult and expensive 
to ensure that each student actu-
ally received a copy. Neverthe-
less, any student who wants a copy 
has been provided a copy upon 
request. 

Furthermore, your editorial 
inaccurately implies that the grad-
ing issue had been ignored, and 
fails to acknowledge the attention 
and effort that both CEP and the 
Student Regulations Revision 
Committee have already devoted 
to the task of updating the Student 
Conduct Code, including the aca-
demic misconduct procedures. 

In fact, several student repre-
sentatives, along with staff and 
faculty members, have been dis-
cussing the issues you raise, re-
sulting in significant amendments 
to the procedures. Therevisedpro-
cedures will take effect upon their 
approval by UC General Counsel 
and President Gardner for publi-
cation by next Fall Quarter. 

Nicholas S. Aguilar 
Director 

UA/Special Services Center 

Thursday, May 10, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Remembering George Wynne Jr. 
Editor: 

Twenty years ago Americans were denied the right to protest against their 
government (the Chinese government showed more patience on Tiananmin Square 
than OUt'S did then). The Kent State four, the Jackson State two, and six others payed 
with their lives. 

One of them was George Wynne lr., who immolated himself at UCSD on May 
10, 1970 in honorable Eastern tradition. 

I stood at the blackened spot on RevellePlaza where he had set himself afll'e pro-
testing the invasion of Cambodia. Candles had been placed there by fenow students. 
To me, he is a hero of conviction. Let us not forget him. 

Walter Schmitt 

Penny Shavers Cost Students 
Editor: 

I would like to respond to the letter "The 
Real Story of the Videotaped Penny-shav-
ers" (May 3). Although his comments seem 
funny and he makes the situation sound 
absurd, there are some basic problems with 
this " name withheld" person's thinking 
(Why didn' t you use your name?). 

For starters, the article regarding this 
videotaping, as printed in the Guardian 
(pennies From Hell," April 30), was to 
make a different point then "name with-
held" tried to present. It is true that the 
judge would not hear the case, but that 
merely shows a problem with an over-
crowded legal system. Compared to as-
saults, robberies, and rapes, etc., court time 
to prosecute people who shave pennies, 
which is a misdemeanor, not an infraction 
(oops ... ), would be a waste of time. Did this 
person really think that the legal system 
does not even care if they shave pennies? 

The real problem is that people like 
"name withheld" think that it is all right to 
break laws if they will not get in trouble for 
it. Most people understand the importance 
of even minor laws such as this one. What 
really bothers me is how this person's fa-
thersupposedly thought the whole incident 
was humorous. Wake up, Dad, your son 
thinks it is okay to break laws ifhe does not 
like or approve of them. What's next, let's 

all go out and shoplift, just little things, if 
we get caught, so what, they will not prose-
cute. Isn't that what it is all about? 

It is true that a lot of people shave 
pennies at UCSD and many other places as 
well, although most are not stupid enough 
todo it nextto their cars. However, the issue 
is not whether ornot you will get in trouble 
(although I personally do not have the time 
to be arrested and go to .;ourt), the real point 
is cooperating with the justice/legal sys-
tem. People like "name withheld" cost UC 
students (yes, we pay for them) a lot of 
money to pay to fix the jammed meters and 
other costs caused by using shaved pennies. 

If you still want to shave pennies, go 
ahead, you probably will not get caught, 
and if you do get caught, who cares, you 
will not end up in jail. But please, think of 
the real consequences involved with your 
actions. You are causing a real problem 
which is costing us all a lot of money. Also, 
"name · withheld," if you are considering 
going to law school, do us all a favor and 
forget about it. Lawyers, at least (disregard-
ing your two friends, of course), should 
have complete respect for all laws. 

Also, "name withheld" stated regarding 
his punishmentforthismisdemeanor, "None 
of us ever had to do a thing." Maybe he 
forgot about the fine he had to pay ... 00ps .... 

Andrew McAdam 

Double Life: Living as a Twin 
Editor: 

I read your feature on twins with much 
interest ("Seeing Double," April 30). I am 
a twin, and 1 am grateful that the Guardian 
allowed fellow twins to express some of 
their feelings about their relationships. My 
brother and I went to different colleges to 
experience the privilege of being our own 
persons. 

Having conducted this experiment for 
nearly a year, I can tell you that the twins in 
your feature were not just whiRing; there is 
objective truth to what they say: Twins are 
treated differently that non-twins. For the 
first time in my life, I have been accepted 
instantly for myself instead of waiting the 
usual three or four months until "friends" 
can separate me from my brother. Receiv-
ing my own birthday presents, to me and not 
just generally to us, was a thrill. 

One of the positive things 1 discovered 
about twinship while away from my brother 
was the recognizability factor. Since there 
had always been two people with my face, 
and since we were often pointed out for 
being twins, people knew who I was. I have 
met some people at UCSD who swore that 
they had met me last year, but I cannot 
remember them at all. 

One interesting fact not addressed in the 
feature was one language. Twins do every-
thing together, usually. It is so common for 
me to use "we" and " us" instead of "I " and 
"me," that 1 often confuse people here at 
UCSD who don't know that f'm a twin. 
"Wh ' s the other?" they ask . I am referring, 
of course, to the perpetual other. It i till a 
habit to always say "we" when referring to 

things my brother and I did together. 
As for ESP, or a fabled sixth sense, well, 

that is garbage. There is, however, an ex-
traordinary empathy between twins. When 
I left for college, my brother and 1 had spent 
only seven nights apart since our birth 18 
years before. Most married couples never 
spend that amount of time together. 

It is true that just one word can tell me 
how my brother is feeling. [have spent 18 
years listening to him; I know every inflec-
tion by ear, and [can see how some people 
might interpret this to be extrasensory per-
ception. It is uncanny that I can finish his 
sentences. 

As for "feeling what he/she is going 
through without the pain", this is againjust 
a measure of extraordinary empathy. Also, 
there is a strong tendency to identify with 
one's twin. After all, for all of school life, if 
he did something stupid, [took the rap too. 
When he won a spelling bee once, [ was 
congratulated for weeks (few remembered 
[ had come in three places behind him). 

Perhaps most telling are the little events 
that are repeated endlessly in a twin's life. 
I saw a friend of mine from high school over 
Spring Break. She was so excited to see me. 
Her face lit up (she had liked me). She 
hugged me. 

"How's Berkeley?!" she asked. 
At times, though, I feel sorry for all of 

tho e people who are nott wins. How di ffer-
ent their live are, becau e they are so much 
more alone! Nobody el e can have the fun 
of trying to locate their brother by asking 
sales clerks, "Have I just been hereT' 

Chris Menthe 

Coverage of Victory Inadequate 
Editor: 

To avoid being edited for length and clarity, as you reserve the right to do, I will make 
this commentary concise. What is one significant reason that the UCSD student body is 
apathetic about our sports, even though those sports have had an incredible degree of 
success at the Division III level? 

Note the number of words devoted to the women ' s water polo team in the May 7 edition 
of the Guardian: 175. Note the location of the article . The last page of the newspaper. A 
team that just won a national championship, and a national championship in an open 
division at that (note to the sports editor: this means they are the best college team in the 
nation . . . period), had fewer words written about it than were in the same issue ' s Calvin and 
Hobbes comic strips. 

A team that just completed an entire season without a loss, crushing schools like 
Berkeley and Stanford, was relegated to the end of the paper. Does the coverage seem 
ridiculous to you? 

Brian Byrne 
Editor's nole: The Monday Guardian Sports section always begins on the last page. 

The Shock of The People Booing 
N EW YORK - It was a scene right out of one of those great Frank Capra films of a half-century ago, like "Meetlohn Doe" or "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" or"Mr. 
Deeds Goes to Town. " 

You know the scene: Just as evil, powerful, corrupt Edward Arnold is about to bring 
Gary Cooper or Jimmy Stewart to ruin, The People catch on; they rise up, shouting, 
clenching their fists, demanding justice, while a loyal sidekick of Cooper-Stewart says 
ironically, "That's The People, big shot - try to stop 'em." 

That was pretty much the scene this past May Day in Red Square, as Mikhail Gorbachev 
- who, come to think of it, looks a bit like a benign Edward Arnold - watched in 
amazement as demonstrators stood in front of Lenin's Tomb, demanding everything from 
an end to Communist Party privileges to independence for Lithuania. 

It was a bracing, heartening scene - after all, looks of shock and outrage are a whole 
lot better than truncheons and water cannons - but it should also serve as a lesson to those 

who constantly berate the press and ele-

J ff G f" Id ments of the public for showing "disre-e reen Ie spect" for high public officials. As it turns 
Universal Press Syndicate out, showing disrespect is one of the best 

tonics a leader - any leader - can receive. 
Consider the life of a leader, elected, 

corporate or otherwise. He - and it is still usually a he - sits atop a chain of command, 
holding the power to make life sweet or bitter for those beneath him. 

His opinions are treated with deference; his tastes become Official Tastes in the 
company or agency or department. A casual, unimaginably difficult request can tie 
subordinates in knots for days. All those around him aim to please. 

("One ofthe worst things about this job, "a fonner network programming chief once told 
me, "is that I never know whether I've told a funny joke; they'd laugh ifI recited the phone 
book.") 

Now think of what happens to so sanctified a leader in a free society. No matter how 
much his subordinates and toadies try to protect him. sooner or later the real world will 
intrude. 

If he supervises the launching of a product and it's lousy, customers won't buy it. They 
may even make his dream a laughingstock (remember the Edsel?). If he tries to run for 
office and he 's a lousy candidate, voters will ignore him by the millions. no matter how rich 
or famous or prestigious he is (remember 10hn Connally? remember AI Haig?). 

If he writes a book, reviewers may condemn it in the strongest tenns, or label the author 
a fool or an egomaniac. Cartoonists may lampoon him; comedians may make his name a 
punchline (remember Dan Quayle?). 

It is all very painful or very unfair. And it is , of course, what makes a free ociety work 
so much better than an unfree one. Contrary to the fears of some neo-conservatives so 
popular atthestart ofthe 1980s that a closed society would ruthlessly mobilize to crush our 
inefficient, fractious system, our very clamorousness is what provides the antitoxin to 
decay. 

If McDonald's or Burger King spend tens of millions of dollars advertising its wares 
but a significant segment of the public thinks that food is not healthy enough, then sooner 
or later McDonald 's will start selling salads, and Burger King will provide grilled, not fried 
chicken sandwiches. 

Similarly, if a governor or president is ridiculed loudly enough, frequently enough, it 
may persuade him to change course or to abandon power altogether (remember Lyndon 
10hnson? remember Michael Dukakis?) 

However rude or "disrespectful" such conduct is, the shock of the boo is as creative a 
tool as a free people can possess. Let's hope Gorbachev and Co. learn to regard it as such. 

Give Us a Piece of Your Mind 
The UCSD Guardian welcomes your letters and 
commentaries. Drop your letter at the Guardian offices 
(on the second floor of the Student Center, above the 
General Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor, The Guardian, 
B-016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Letters should be typed, double-spaced, an9 must include 
a signature and phone number. We reserve the right to 
edit letters for length and clarity. Deadline for letters for 
Monday's issue is noon on Friday. Deadline for Thursday's 
Issue is noon Monday. 



6 

UCSD 
OUTBACK ADVENTURES 

LA JOLLA SHORES 
ROCK GARDEN 
We've added a second tripl 
Sunday, May 13 2-Spm 

Come with us on an exotic cruise right 
in your own backyardl W ith expert 
instruction, you'll practice surf entries 
in your sea kayak, then paddle out of 
La Jolla Cove past kelp beds, sea 
birds, marine plants, fish, harbor seals 
and through a sea cave. This relaxing 
trip is for anyone interested in 
kayo king through the rock garden 
area in La Jolla. The trip will be lead 
by a naturalist and w ill include lots of 
info on local biology and natural 
history. Beginners are most definitely 
welcomel 

Trip includes: Transportation, 
kayaking equipment and safety gear, 
instruction and a 20% discount on any 
rentals from Outback Adventures. 

Trip cost is just $19 
Sign up immediately at Outback 
Adventures, x40684 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 10, 1990 

T 
o 
U 
R 

THINKING ABOUT 
SUMMER SCHOOL? 

THINK ABOUT CHAPMAN! 
• Transferable Upper and Lower Division Courses 
• Open Enrollment 
• Small Classes 
• General Education Courses 
• Major Courses In 

BUSINESS EDUCATION ENGLISH 
COMMUNICA nONS PSYCHOLOGY 

\ I \ • 'I : 

------------

YES! Please send the Chapman CoUege Summer School Schedule to me 
immediately! 
Name ____________________________________ _ 

Address __________________________________ _ 
City, State, Zip ______________________________ _ 

MAIL TO: Anthony Garcia, Director of Summer Sessions 
Chapman CoUege e Orange, CA 92666 

~ NO Down Payment 
~ NO Payment for 120 Days 
~ NO Interest for 90 Days 

"Limited time financing progntm. Employment coounitmc:nt I'alui~ on approved ~it. 

Wi 
NISSAN 

4433 Mission Bay Drive 
(between Grand and Balboa) 

581 .. 3200 

Thursday, May 10, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

Li 9 hts & Sire n 5 A record of pol,ce actl.'lt" take'l 11 am the loq book of the UCSD Police for the period of May 4-9 

the ReveUe mudhut plaza to a detoxification center_ 

University Bookstore Computer Center 
Apple Days Sale May 1-31, 1990 

Mac"-(cemJlllllnllll~) MacSE ..... :ze)& ....... me-

$917 

MacDa ...... ~ a.nt ___ Mac lid wItII.Mlt hnI .. rIft·· 
$3407 

A 2% discount will be 
given for cash purchases. 

Monitors 
M....--$270 

c.e.r$678 

Printers 
~WrtIer osc$l835* 
a-wrtllrmn$J05S* 

$4427 

.-.~ ... ----

1W-,.$1121 PertnJt $750 

Keyboards 
A". a ....... keJaoon $158 

II ~ m 

For additional information call 534-4291. 

Vwln d Hil\\.JII;tn Vdcdtlun 
()r tll~ -.,crC'cn TV 

!Jlu" '.11-.,' up to S 1 400 
In Ju"t 10 (lilY'" 

O",utlve:... Jill er 
Co ...... _t: ....... 
Maner. bile $1,400 
c..t: :z.r. an-tment 

c...- .P1 ......... cIuIIe, 
..... ___ all OCMC. 

:1...800-932-0628 end 
1-800 1110.&472 ext. 10. 

't".~:~\ se.,.ua\f~ ~ta\~~.):: ~~\ 
Date: Saturday. Mar 19. 1990 

PIac~ Internationa Center 
nme: 9 a .m.-Noon 
&freshment>/twnch """",d 

ALL ft1~ -_IWOIIQRD 
IIW-*'tI ' _ wi 

c.II-' -. _tr_ '$fII 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 10, 1990 

Features 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 

, Places like 
Berkeley and San 
Diego State have 
the more innova-
tive designs. With 
budgets of up to 
$10,000, they 
had a lot of room 
to experiment. 
Our budget was 
$1,100.' 

-Joe Collier, 
SME member 

By Lior Rozenman 
St4ffWriJer All It Took Was a Little don'ttell that to the members of the UCSD chapter of the Society of Mechanical Engineers (SME). 

UCSD fields a fair share of competitive sports 
teams. Triton accomplishments in soccer. volleyb81l. 
and water polo are well-documented. With a limited 
athletic budget and an emphasis on academics. this 
school has performed respectably - even admirably 
- in the shadow of schools with large athletic pro-
grams like San Diego State University. 

HUMAN With a budget 20 percent the size of that of such long. time HPV powerhouses as UC Berkeley and San Diego State. SME set out last year to build its own human-powered vehicle (HPY). 
Recently. UCSD's competitivness has spread to a 

new sport - human-powered vehicle racing (HPV). 
The name may be strange and the sport obscure. but 

POWER 
"Each year. after the races are run, the human-pow-

ered vehicles are modified." said SME member Joe 
Collier. "It is during the races that you have the best 
chance to learn about your vehicle. You see what does 
and doesn't wolk. modify it. and come back with an 

See HUMAN, page 9 

Group Collects Pennies To Help. Tutor Children 
Help a Cause 
With Your 
Change, Says 
Coordinator 
By JAMES E. COLLIER. JR. 
Fealllres Edllor 

UCS D students who work as 
tutors at Sherman ElemeOlary 
School are sponsoring a "Pennies 
from Heaven" campaign 10 raise 
money to expand their program. 

The group will be collecting pen-
nies at various locations on cam-
pus from May 16- 18. 

"Do you have a penny jar that 
has been taking up space in your 
home? .... Now you can get rid of 
those pennies and help a good 
cause." said Joel Gross, assistant 
coordinator of the tutoring group. 

The tutoring program is organ-
ized by Help Us Give and Grow 
(HUGG). Revelle College' com-
munity service organization. 

The purpose of the tutoring 
program is to "provide an opportu-

nity for [Sherman Elementary stu-
dents J to interact with young adults 
who go to college." according to 
Gross. 

The group works with about 15 
students a day. and "we'd like to 
increase that," Gross said. 

The fundraising campaign is 
being launched for two reasons. 
according to Gross. 

"One. we are trying to raise 
funds . . . and two. we are testing 
this idea, hoping it takes .... " he 
explained. 

Gross aid he thought of the 

idea of collecting change while 
talking with his brother. 

"We were trying to think of a 
way to painlessly give [money] ." 
he said. 

The Pennies from Heaven 
campaign. however. is not limited 
to just pennies. 

" If they have any extra nickels. 
dimes, quarters. or$1 00 doll ar bill 
we'd be happy to take them."Gross 
said. 

He added that the donations will 
go to lake students on field trips to 
the theater and the ymphony. 

because "many of the students 
haven't had the chance to go." 

The tutoring program 81so hopes 
to use the donated funds to pur· 
chase equipment, educational 
games. and snacks forthestudents. 

Gross said the students need 
role models because Sherman 
Elementary is located' in "a lower 
socio-economic area." which has 
no parks or community centers. 

Many tudents drop out of local 
schools . he said, and the group 
wants to "encourage students to 
take their education seriously. 

Thursday, May 10, 1990 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

HUMAN: UCSD Vehicle 
Succeeds With Small Budget 
Continued from page 8 
upgraded version the next year. 
This year. we didn ' t have the lux-
ury of an upgrade. Ours was a first-
time vehicle." 

The vehicles come in all shapes 
and sizes. There are three- or two-
wheelers. standard designs, and 
innovative ones. The driver. for 
maximum aerodynamic efficiency. 
usually lies prone on his stomach 
or back. 

Bigger schools, however. often 
can afford more interesting bikes. 

"Places like Berkeley and San 
Diego State have the more innova-
tivedesigns. With budgets of up to 
$10.000. they had a lot of room to 
experiment. Our budget was 
$1,100." Collier said. 

UCSD's limited budget. along 
with the fact that they had never 
participated in HPV races, com-
pelled SME members Joe Dorsey. 
Alan Payne, Bob Guzman, and 
Jackson Hu to start from scratch. 

Dorsey gives a large part of the 
credit forthedesign to Alan Payne. 
chairmanofUCSD's human-pow-
ered vehicle project. 

Payne. however, said: "Every-
one did a good job of getting to-
gether. But I would like to give a 
special mention to Mac Huntress. 
who worked on his own for awhile. 
and Jackson Hu, who wolked on 
the front design." 

Payne also attributed Guzman 
with obtaining the key part to the 

UCSD HPY. called the " ferring," 
which protects the "driver" and 
provides wind resistance. 

"The biggest obstacle to over-
come is wind resistance," explained 
Dorsey. "The first thing we did 
was drop the fronl end [ofthe bike) 
to make it a funny-type vehicle 
[Le .• a 'funny' car)." 

[t was at this point that the issue 
of the ferring came into play. 

"After wedid this. we needed to 
develop a ferring that would be 
large enough to shield the driver. 
but not so large or hea vy as to 
hamper the vehicle's $peed." 
Dorsey said. 

Thus arose the "hard-shell nose 
cone." a "personal-type ferring" 
whose heaviest component was 
fiberglass. Dorsey said. 

Another innovation was the li-
chra body-suit. 

"Eighty percent of the drag on 
HPV s is caused by the upper-body 
of the rider," explained Dorsey. 

Both Dorsey and Payne were 
pleased with the effects of the 
innovations. 

"We reduced the drag and didn't 
add much weight." Payne said. 

Now. 811 that was left was to test 
the UCSD HPY nicknamed Chan-
nel II. in a re81 competition. The 
All College Sectionals provided 
the first test. Held each April, pro-
fession81 and college entries from 
California. Hawaii. Nevada. Ore-
gon. and Washington showed up at 

Jennirer Kolsky/GlIardian 
The riders for the human-powered vehicle were recruited from the UCSD cycling team. 
sectionals. 

"Schools like Berkeley and San 
Diego State were participating for 
the eighth year in a row." Dorsey 
said. 

The riders - Edi Vee, Nate 
Chang. Brian Lue. and Dave Di-
heny - were recruited from the 
UCSD cycling team. 

There are three competitions in 
the sectionals - design. sprint. 
and the road race. Like any road 
race. the sprint trials determined 
the slarting position for the road 
race. Channel 11 's time placed 
UCSD 13th. meaning itwould be 
the 13th HPY to pass tl1e starting 

line for the road race. 
The months of planning. prepa-

ration. and barnstorming had come 
down to this. Technicians Dorsey, 
Payne.Hu. and Guzman could now 
only sit and watch as the gun 
sounded. At this point Edi Vee 
took over. Technicians and specta-
tors alike watched aghast as the 
cheap. funny-looking bike from 
"UCSwho?" began swallowing 
distance like a fresh thoroughbred 
in a field of old quarterhorses. 

Thirteenth. 10th, ninth. eighth. 
seventh. sixth ... Yeecame gasping 
in for a riderchange and pitstop 
having moved her team from 13th 

to sixth place. 
Having recovered from t~eirini­

tial shock, Dorsey. Payne. Hu. and 
Guzman cheered wildly a.s Chang. 
Lue. and then Diheny successfully 
held a position that none of the 
Tritons had even dared hope to be 
in: sixth in the road race and 10th in 
the overall standings out of31. The 
group went against bikes with up 
to seven times more financial back-
ing and experience. 

The most impressive number. 
however. was this: out of the stu-
dent entries. UCSD placed first. 
Left in the dust were UC Belkeley 
and San Diego State. 

DAN MANKIN & MARK SACKETI ARE AppleCare 
Half price sale! AUDBVILLB 

MAY 16 
WEDNESDAY 
8PM 
MANDEVILLE AUD. 
G.A. $10 
STUDENTS $6 
UCSD fAC./STAFf 
& SI.at $8 

TiCKiiriZ~J9 
ucso .oX OffICE 
.534·4559 

OUVBAU 
"AN ENTIRELY HIlARIOUS SHOW" 

The Son Francisco Chronicle 

!II t( 

Buy the AppleCare extended warranty 
now for 12 months and only pay for 
6 months! 

Add AppleC4f'e to existing warranty on your Macintosh computer 
or buy new coverage. This offer good for a limited time only! 
(Expires May 31, 1990.) Limited to 1 year purchase. 

For further information, call the Computer Center 
at 534-4291 



10 FEATURES 

4150 Regents Pari< Row. Suite 130 
La Jolla. CA 92037 

457-1007 
• oIor C es 

Binding 
• Self Serve Macs 

let Us Earn Our Stripes! 

attention 
graduate students 

GRADUATE STUDIES 
COMMENCEMENT 

will be held on: 

Date: SUNDAY, JUNE 17, 1990 

PltUe: UNIVERSITI' PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 

Time: 12 NOO 
Ph .D., M.F.A. and Masters degrees conferred 

Reception: Universiry Price Center Plaza 

Students who have completed all requirements by 
Friday Tune 8, and are eligible for participation should 
contact OGSRat x43436. Contact the Bookstore for 

cap and gown rentals at x44568. 

Shape Your Own Future 
Recognize your opportunity to join AT&T. the t.lecommuni-
cationl lecider. We currentty have Jr. Int.rpreleCl and 
language Auociole5 po$itions available in our Japanese 
cIepOrtmentlocated in Monterey, California. 
You will ne«l a high proficiency i~ the Japanese/English 
languages 10 interpret on the telephOne. 
Moke the right choice. This is your opportunity to grow with 
AT&T. You will enjoy an excellent llarting $Clary and 
immediale eligibility lor our tuition reimbuCl8ment pno' 
9.nom. Alter lil( months of fvlltime $8I'Vice. you win be 
eligible for our c~li~ benefits package, which 
includes medical, derital, life and vision inlunonce. If you' re 
nota United Slalel Citizen, _will alSi$tjlOU in obtaining 
your H-' Visa. Send your rewme to: AT&T lANGUAGE 
UNE, Recrviling Department JS590. "11 Pocific S ..... t. 
Suite 30 1, Monter.y, CA 93940_ We are an EqualOppor-
tunity Employer. 

-
-==:= .. 
-- ' 

• AT&T 
The right chOice. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 10, 1990 

Affirmative Reactions 
For Some 'Parity' Policy a Subject of Debate 
By ADREA ADLEMAN 
Staff Writer 

Addressing a large crowd, a 
black speaker stands at a micro-
phone, demanding "justice" and 
"equality. "Now, 25 years later, af-
firmative action, America's "an-
wer" to demands of racial equal -

ity, i both challenged and ap-
plauded by a diversity of people. 

Commenting on the status of 
black people, Benjamin Hooks 
offered a historical perspective 
similar to the widely- reported 
anecdote about Eastern Europe. 

"There have been 244 years of 
slavery, 100 years of second-class 
citizenship, and about 10 years of 
affirmative action," said Hooks, 
execu tive director for the NAACP, 

'Affirmative action 
is all we have right 
now to get us 
through and to give 
us the base and the 
ladder to do what 
we need to do in 
an otherwise insti-
tutionally racist 
society. , 

-Stephanie DelaTorre, 
Student Affirmalive Action 

Committee intern 

in a recent interview with the 
Knight-Ridder Newspaper news 

TV COLLEGE 
presents 

General Biology 
Intro to Humanities 

Oceanography 
Intro to Psychology 

Real Estate Principles 
Registration Begins May 7, 1990 

Oasses Begin June 25, 1990 
A vailable on: Dimension Cable - Channel 28 

Daniels Cablevision • Channel 35 

CALL NOW!! 
(619) 744-1150 or 727-7529 
Ext. 2431 

UCSD Summer Session 
has added the following courses: 
• First Session (July 2-Augusl 3) 
Economics 100A: Microeconomics 
Economics 120A: Econometrics 
Psychology 102: Intro . to Sensation and 
Perception 
Psychology 183: Infancy 

• Second Session (August 6-September 7) 
AMES 10: FORTRAN for Engineers 
For furlher information . phone the Summer 
Session Office at 534-4364 or 534-4365. 

LII'-_ ~~::-. 
UNIVERSITY OF CA,tFORNIA IAN OtEGO 

service. 
Affimlati ve action, an off hoot 

from the 1964 Civil Rights Act, is 
the subject of extensive debate at 
UCSD and around the nation. 

According to Nicholas Aguilar, 
assistant coordinator of studen t 
affirmative action at UCSD, the 
goal of affirmative action is " to 
promote access to economic and 
educational opportunities forpopu-
lations that have been historically 
excluded from such participation." 

The affirmative action program 
seeks to achieve "parity," meaning 
that a ethnic group's percentage of 
the students at state universities 
would be equal to its percentage of 
qualified high school graduates in 
California. For example, if in a 
given year I OpercentofCalifomia 
high school graduates are Hispanic, 
then 10 percent of the first-year 
students at state universities should 
be also be Hispanic, provided they 
are qualified. 

The UCSD Student Affirma-
tive Action Committee (SAAC) is 
part of the network of individuals 
and groups responsible for imple-
menting and evaluating the effects 
of afflrmative action policies on 
campus. 

According to SAAC intern 
Stephanie DeLaTorre, affirmative 
action is vital to provide academic 
opportunities for certain under-
represented groups of students. 

"Affirmative action is all we 
have right now to get us through 
and to give us the base and the 
ladder to do what we need to do in 
an otherwise institutionally racist 
society," she said. 

A significant number of people 
oppose aftinnative action, claim-
ing it is not the appropriate re-
sponse to the question of under-
representation. 

"My own personal view is that 
counting by race, identifying 
people by race or nationality, is 
very abhorrent," said Political 
Science Professor Sanford Lakoff. 

"It goes against the American 
pri~ciple that we should be treated 
as individuals, and [counting by 
race] reminds me of nothing so 
much as theN uremburg laws which 
established who was an Aryan and 
who was a non-Aryan and the like," 
Lakoff said. 

"Disparities don't bother me in 
principle," Lakoff added. "I don't 
think we ought to strive to repre-
sent different groups of the popu-
lation in different professions. At 
the same time, I would want to 
encourage more blacks, more His-
panics, and others to go into the 
professions in general.. .. " 

Physics Professor Oscar Lump-
kin feels that the Universi ty of 
California hould address under-
representation by improving the 
quality of education in the ~tate's 
public high sch 01 ' by reducing 
class size. 

"r th ink the problem today is a 
ee A TTON, page 11 

Thursday, May 10,1990 The UCSD Guardian 11 



12 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 10, 1990 

OFFICE WITH A. VIEW 
The Peace Corps is an exhilarating two year ex-

perience that will last a lifetime. 
Working at a professional lev~1 that ordinarily might 

take years of apprenticeship back home, volunteers find 
the career growth they're looking for and enjoy a unique 
experience in the developing world. 

International firms and government agencies value 
the skills and knowledge mastered during Peace Corps 
service. ON CAMPUS NEXT WEEK 

INFO BOOTHS: Tuesday thru Thursday, May 15-17 
On the "Hump M & At Price Center 

9am - 1:30pm 

WOMEN IN DEVELOPMENT: A FILM & DISCUSSION SEMINAR 
Tuesday, May 15 - Career Services Center Conference Room 

2pm-4pm 
OVERSEAS OPPORTUNITIES FOR MATH/SCIENCE MAJORS & MINORS - A SPECIAL SEMINAR 

Wednesday, May 16- Coreer Services Center Conference Room 
2pm-4pm 

FILM & DISCUSSION SEMINAR: MEET RETURNED PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEERS 
Thursday, May 17 - Career Services Center Conference Room 

2pm -4pm 
INTERVIEWS: Wednesday and Thursday, May 30-31 

Career Services Center 
APPLICATIONS MUST BE COMPLETED PRIOR TO INTERVIEW 

S~NIORS APPLY NOW! 

For applications or more information visit your Career Services Center or call Peace Corps 
collect at (213) 209-7444 ext. 110. 

Peace Corps 
The Toughest Job You'll Ever Love. • 

T hursday, May 10, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

PARITY lakoff agree that the univer-sity hould invest in high schools. ,I don't think we 
Continued from page 10 He is critical of the university's 

ought to strive to problem that faces everybody who current strategy to battle under-
is dependent on public education representation. which he feels in- represent different 
for advancement in society," he eludes preferential treatment for groups of the 
said. "If the university were really minority students. ~opulation in dif-serious in investing in the source "I wish that the university. in-
of its capital, which are the un- stead of adopting what seem to me erent professions. 
dergraduate students. then it would pointless programs of special treat- At the same time, I 
commit itself to reducing by half ment, would instead affiliate itself 

would want to en-the average class size in all public with high schools in which mi-
high schools .. .. nority students are heavi I y enrolled courage more 

"If those schools function prop- and which need help so that we blacks, more His-erly, it is my belief that the fraction could work to improve the quality 
of underrepresented minorities of education that minority tudents panics, and others 
who appear at the university quali- receive." to go into the pro-
fled for admission will be in com- Lakoff predicts that representa-
plete accord with their fraction in tion of minorities will increase if fessions in 
the population. and this whole effort is made "to improve the general. , 
discussion of affirmative action educational opportunities, the job 
will become irrelevant," Lumpkin oppoltunities, the housing oppor- -Sanford Lakoff, 
explained. tunities, and ... to reinforce the Political Science profeS5Or 

In the meantime, Lumpkin said, family structure." He feels that if 
"you cannot mandate preparation. these changes occur, "people who A focal point of debate over 
You cannot bring people to the are shut out of these opportuni- affirmative action is the issue of 
uni versity who are not prepared to lies ... will be better qualified [to "special admits," the small per-
be at the university." obtain a university education.]" centage of affirmative action stu-

II·~\ 1,\1 \ 11 \10 i\ \> '" 
... 

lEA TIIII/IIG; 
BURNING SPEAR SNINENEAD, U ROY 

FREDDIE McGREGOR SNELL Y THUNDER 
MARCIA GRIFFITHS 801 BAND 

Ta.IY COWAN II.C. 
~!!IlP. 

JIMMYB 
AND THE CORAL 
REEFER lAND 

dents who are not academically 
qualified for standard admission to 
universitie but are still admitted. 

According to DeLaTorre. about 
six percent of the students admit-
ted under affirmative action do not 
meet all six of the requirements for 
general undergraduate admission 
established by the UC. 

"There's this misconception 
that we're [minority students] all 
special admits," said De la Torre. 
"The majority of us have [high 
GPAs]. We meet all the fequire-
ments that other stu(lents do." 

In terms of systemwide efforts , 
Aguilar is "encouraged by the 
progress" that upper-level UC 
administrators are making on af-
firrnative action, but added that 
"we still have a lot to do." 

Likewise, DelaTorre main-
tained reserved optimism. 

"Someday, like Martin Luther 
King said, I hope we can a1lli ve in 
peace and harmony and be able to 
play together, but until then, the 
reality is pretty ugly." 

MIDNIGHT OIL 
WITH SPECIAL GUEST 

HUNTERS. 
COLLECTORS 

OINGO 
BOINGO 

8:°°21 THU JUN 
11'1< 8:0°2 THU 

JUN 

flckel avolfObie 01 all MW7W~ Hekel cenlers Including May Co .. Jock's. Tower Records. Civic Box Office, Perkins Book Wrxm, Arts Tlx and Ihe Allee Cenle< T,ckel 
Office. To Charge by phone coli 278· . Open Air Theatre events are prOduced by Avalon Attraclions 101 Assoclofed S!udents/Son Diego Slole Un lver~ty. No boHIes. cons 01 
alcoholic tleveIoges permifte<i on rx mound 1he lacility. SOSU sfvdenl (lI!¢Ounl OVOIiObIe at 1he Aztec Cenler flckel Offlce. .4SISDStJ 

FEATURES ]3 

Features 
Writers: 
Haven't 

Been Paid? 
Next Pay 

Period Ends 
This Friday, 

May 11. 
'Call James 
or Doreen 
534-5226 

kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

UCSD PI.a CINTII .. ...... 
( .... ' ... IIIf ........ C.lder) 

451·0630 

mail services 
etal 

Mail box rentals. FAX, 
UPS, stamps, business 
cards, word processing, 
money orders and more! 

Mon.-Fri. 
9-6 
Saturdays 
1()'2 

7094 Miramar Rd. 
Ste. 121 

689-8182 

r-------, I 50¢ OFF I 
any 

I UPS. FAX. or typing services I 
L Exp" .. 6131190 • 
------_ .. 



14 SPORTS 

Tournament 
Committee 
Tells Softball 
To Stay Home 

Tritons Out of Regionals 
for First Time in Three 
Years as Only Top Four 
Receive Postseason' Bids 
UCSD don't get no respect. 
In a move that was reminiscent of a bad 

Rodney Dangerfield comedy act, the UCSD 
softball team was denied a bid to the Divi-
sion III national tournament. 

First-year Head Coach Sal Coats and her 
team were shocked and demoralized by the 
Western Regional selection commi ttee' s de-
cision to choose Central, Luther, Simpson, 
and Coc Colleges to fill the four spots in the 
West Region 's bracket. 

LESBRUVOLD 
Heading into the final weekend of the 

season, the Tritons were ranked fourth in the 
West, just ahead of number five Central, and 
17th nationally. 

But on Saturday, Central swept top-ranked 
Simpson in a doubleheader and vaulted itself 
aU the way to a first place ranking in the 
West. 

UCSD dropped into the fifth spot in the 
process, despite the Tritons' sweep of Divi-
sion I USD that same day. 

What this all means is that UCSD was ef-
fectively bumped out of a bid by Central's 
sweep because the selection committee has a 
history of only awarding bids to the top four 
ranked Western teams when it chooses the 
tournament field . 

Unfortunately , the selection process isn't 
so clear-cut as just picking the "best" four 
teams from the West. 

Can you say politics? 
According to Coats, the committee ' s 

choice may have been based more on famili-
arity - all four chosen schools are in Iowa 
- instead of quality of performance. 

" [The committee] sees those teams play 
all of the time back there," Coats said. "We 
don' t get a chance to play those teams [that 

See SOFI'BALL, page 19 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 10, 1990 

Sports 
MEN'S AND WOMEN'S TENNIS NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS 

Guardia. File Photos 
Christine Behrens (top) and Sig Huber will both be playing 
in the team, singles. and doubles National Tournaments. 

No.1 Women Try 
To Beat Repeat Jinx 
• By DAVID POTICHA, SI4lfWriUr 

F lRST, the Lakers repeated. Then the 4gers repeated. Now, the UCSD women's tennis team is trying to jump on the bandwagon. 
No Division m team has ever won back-to-back women's 

tennis titles. 
Defending champion UCSD is heading into the Nationals at 

Trenton State in Trenton, Nl 
as the favorite. 1".-W-0ME--N-'S-N-A-11ONA--L-S-~ 

If the seedings 3M right, May 13-19 
the Tritons will repeat as at Trenton State College, NJ 
champions. Top Seed: UCSD 

If the seedings are right. 
Of all Division m teams, UCSD has come the closest to the 

elusive repeat. 
The Tritons won titles in 1985, 1987, and 1989, missing the 

repeat in 1986 and 1988. 
The NCAA Division m Championships for women started 

in 1982. 
UCSD has won more women 's tennis national titles than any 

See W. TENNIS, page IS 

Eighth-Seeded ~en 
Ready for Combat 
• By SRINATH SANDA, SI4IfWriUr 
, I T'S goin~ to be a war." 

At least that is how Triton Head Coach Ion Hammer-
meister phrased it, as the UCSD men's tennis team 

prepared to leave for Swarthmore, Pennsylvania for the Divi-
sion m Nationals. 

The Tritons, who compiled 3 regular season record of 12-10, 
are entering the national tournament seeded eighth. The top 
seeds were awarded to de- ... _________ -. 

fending champion UC Santa 
Cruz (number one) and host 
Swarthmore, which was 
seeded second. 

• MEN'S NATIONALS 
May 13-20 
at Swarthmore CoUege. PA. 
Top Seed: UC Santa Cruz 

Swarthmore is a three-time winner of the tournament. 
The seedings, however, are somewhat deceptive. 
"The seedings really don 'r maner. The first nine seeds in the 

tournament are very close," Hammermeister said. "I really 
don ' t think the nationals have ever been this close. Usually there 
are one or two leams that dominate." 

This year, however, none of the schools enter the 12-team 
tournament undefeated. In fact, it appears as though the first 
nine seeds merely used the regular season to beat up on each 

See M. TENNIS, page 15 

Baseball Splits Final GaInes 
In Surge for Postseason Berth 
By PHIL GRUEN 
Senior SlajfWriler 

On Sunday nigbt, Triton baseball Head Coach 
Lyle Yates spoke with a member of the national 
tournament selection committcc about the team's 
postseason chances. 

As the two teams to play in the West Regional will 
be selected today, Yates received some fairly straight-
forward advice: Play welJ in your final two games. 

And play well they did. Well, at least in Tuesday 's 
road contest at Di vision II Cal State Dominguez Hills. 

In fact, the ninth-ranked Tritons put together one 
of their more solid efforts of the season when pitcher 
Mike Morgan hurled a 4-0 shutout. 

Morgan went the distance, scattering five hits, 
while improving his team-leading record to 7-2. 

But yesterday was a somewhat different story, as 
Division] San Diego State took care of the Tritons by 
a 10-2 count. 

So, did UCSD heed the committcc's advice and 
strengthen its chances for a regional bid? 

The home loss to SDSU may indicate otherwise. 
The Tritons, whowere dropped 12-3 by the Aztecs 

in a road contest earlier this year, could not manage to 
get much going offensively. Five Aztec pitchers held 
UCSD batters to a mere four hits. 

Nevertheless, Yates remained upbeat after the game. 
' 'I'm optimistic [about gening a bid] , to tell the 

truth," Y ales said. "The committee told us to play well 
in our last two games, and that if we get blown out in 
both, we probably don't have a chance." 

To tell the truth, yesterday's game was actually 
close until the top of the seventh. That's when things 
got away from Triton starter Dann Eaton (4-3-1). 

Erik Judson and the Tritons skidded to a 10-2 loss yesterday. 

Steve Nowlan and Erikk Aldridge both weD! 2 fo r 
3 for UCSD. while the laner picked up a couple of 
RBIs in the process. 

With only a three-run lead heading into the sev-
See BASEBALL, Pille 18 

Thursday, May 10, 1990 

M. TENNIS 
Continued from page 14 
other. 

UCSD knocked off UCSC ear-
lier this year, handing the BllIUIfla 
Slugs their first loss to a Division 
ill team outside of the nationals in 
four years. 

But UCSD also fell to seventh-
seed Pomona-Pitzer recently, 5-4, 
and number three seed Claremont, 
6-3. 

"The seedings are really just for 
ego. Whoever is going to win the 
tournament is going to need to win 
four tough matches," UCSD's 
number one player Sig Huber said. 

While UCSD docs not head into 
Swarthmore with any major inju-
ries, the Tritons do believe that 
they need to pull together more as 
a team in order to win. 

According to Huber, "I don't 
think that we have put together a 
great match as a team. Even when 
we beat Santa Cruz we did not 
have a great team performance, 
but we had good individual per-
formances. " 

"I don't think anyone has had a 
bad year at aU. Our number five 
guy, Tim Ditzler, has been very 
dependable for us all season, while 
IeffBeathard (number six) has just 
come out of nowhere," Hammer-
meister commented. 

On the mental side. Hammer-
meister feels that the Tritons are 
still tough even after a long season. 

"Mentally, I fccl we are ready 
to go," ·he said. 

Besides the national team tour-
nament, UCSD also has several 
players entered in the 64-player 
individual tournament which takes 
place after the team competition. 

Huber, ranked sixth nationally, 
Francois Monnar, who is ranked 
29th in the country, and Chris Bel-
loli, ranked 34th, are entered in the 
single tournament, with Steve 
Srukovsky as the alternate. 

BelloH has compiled the best 
singles record on the Triton team 
(13-7) and has lost only one Divi-
sion m match all year. 

The man to beat in singles, 
however, will be 6'6" lohn Morris 
of Washington and Lee College. 

Morris is the defending cham-
pion and will try to become the 
first-cver repeat winner in Divi-
sion m men's singles. 

In the doubles tournament. the 
combination of Huber and Belloli 
will represent UCSD, with Mon-
nar and Stukovsky as the alternate 
pair. 

Huber and Belloli, ranked third 
nationally as a pair, should fare 
well, as they recently defeated the 
top team in the nation of Paul Cross 
and Carl Swanson from Pomona-
Pitzer. 

Cross and Swanson lost in the 
doubles final last year. 

Monnar and Stukovsky are 
ranked 18th in the country. 

Huber summed up the Tritons' 
fcclings on the team tournament, 
saying, "We have the ability and, if 
we have the intensity, we can win 
the nationals." 

The Tritons first opponent will 
be determined through a random 
draw when they arrive in Pennsyl-
vania. 

The fifth through eighth-seeded 
teams will each face a squad from 
the ninth through 12th seeds. 

The top four teams have a first-
ro.md bye. 

w. TENNIS 
Continued from page 14 
of the other 237 Divigjonmschools 
in the country . 

UCSD is also heading into the 
nationals healthy. 

"The girls who were injured are 
betwccn 90 and 100 percent recov-
ered," Head Coach Liz LaPlante 
said. "Christine [Behrens] still has 
some minor shin splints, but they 
aren't kccping her out of practice. " 

LaPlante said that as long as 
UCSD "plays well, we'll win." 

"The desire for the title is 110 
percent there," she said. 

iaPJante notes that the only 
worry is that UCSD hasn't actu-
ally been tested very much this 
year, and the Tritons are leaving 
for the nationals with some women 
who haven 't been there before. 

She points OUl, however, that 
the "girls have risen to the occas-
sion in the few tough matches this 
year." 

UCSD wiU arrive two days early 
to scout the opponents. 

Likely trouble will come in the 
quarterfinals from the University 
of the South, which the Tritons 

The UCSD Guardian 

narrowly defeated last year, 5-4. 
The number two seed in the 16-

team field is Gustavus-Adolphus, 
which the Tritons beat 8- I on 
March 31. 

UCSD finished the season 14-4 
(10-0 against Division m and 2-4 
against Division J). 

In singles play, Behrens and 
Robyn Inabaqualified to be among 
the 32 in the individual draw. 

The singles draw should be wide 
open, as two-time defending 
singles champion Caroline Bodart 
of Menlo is not playing this year . 

Behrens is ranked second na-
tionally in Division m . behind 
Karyn Cooper of Wellesley. 

The darkhorse could be No. 3 
loli Harvanik of Trenton State, who 
will benefit from playing on her 
home court. 

Behrens will also team with 
Susan Camey [0 play in the 16-
team doubles draw. 

The pair is ranked second na-
tionally behind junior Amy 
McCrea and senior Mary Suther-
land of Gustavus-Adolphus. 

Janet ~en and Robyn Inaba 
will also play in the doubles tour-
nament. 

SPORTS 15 

TRACK AND FlU D NATIONAL QUALIFIERS 
WOIIEN'S QUALIFIERS 
_.IIIMnnan. discus 
s..M CIVlsty, high jump 
_ Conlay, 3.000, 5.000. and 10,000 male" 
~ Manulo. ~ mete" 
Denise McFayden, 3,000 malo,. 
Shannon 0uigJ0y. shol put and discus 
Sheley Squibb. dIocua 
Erica Washinglon. 100 meto .. 

Ir,TE RCOLLEGIATE SCORES 
.'_ALL (''''7-2) 

UCSD 4 Cal SIal. Doni""""z HIlS 0 
Sen DIogo S_ 10 UCSO 2 

leA UPCGr.llnc [VFtJTS 
HOlE EVmfT8 .. IIOUI 

~~ 
at NCM DIvisIon III Nationals, SUnday' 
SUnday. Swal1hmore, Pennsylvania 
WOII!N'S~ 

at NCM DM&ion III National., SUnday· 
5aJrtIay. Trenton. New JeIWY 

TRACK AND fEW 
al Ocddontal College In_onal. Salurday, 
4:00 p.m. 

MEN S TENNIS TOP 10 

1* DIVISION. MID-SEASON RANKINGS By the _.-g_ Tonnlo C....,hes Assoc. 
1 . lJC San1a Cruz 
2. Swalthmore College 
3. UC SAN DIEGO 
4. Claremont College 
5. Emory University 
6. Kalamazoo College 
7. Washington College 
8. Pomona Pitzer College 
9. GusIavu. Adolp/lus Uriversity 
10. 0eP_ University 

MEN'S QUALIFIERS 
Paul Cogbill, discu, 
Scott Sargeant, hammer 
David My.,.. 800 mete .. 

WOMFN STENNIS 
SINGLES AND DOUBL ES 
NA Tlm.AI RAN KINGS 

, * DlV18ION ,. MlD-SEASOH RANI(INOS 
.ythe _coI~T_I. eoec .... _ . 

UCSD PlAVERS ONlV 
SINGLES 

2. Chrisl ine Bohrens 

DOUBLES 

2. Christine BehrenS/Susan Carney 

WOMEN'S TEAM RANKINGS NOT AVAILABLE 

MEN STENNIS 
SINGLES AND DOUBLES 
NATIONAL RAN KINGS 

1990 DIVISION AI MID-SEASON RANKINGS 
By the Intercol1eg_ Tonnl. c __ A .. oc. 

UCSD PlAVERS ONLY 
SINGLES 

6, Sill Huber 
29. Francois Monnar 
34. Chris BeIIoU 

DOUBLES 

3. Sig Huber/Chris BeIIoU 
1 B. Francois Monnar/Slove Slukovsl<y 

\butllike your roommates 
a whole lol better if they didn't 
show up on your phone bill. 

john called chicago. Andy called L.A. Or WdS thal .l1:!te? 
Don't swea~ it Sorting out room males is easy when you gel AJ&T Call Manager Service, 

Because WIth It, you can all gel your long distance charges Iisled separately, even though 
you share the same phone number. And it fiSts you nothing. 

To lind out more about the free AT&T Call Ma11Llger Service, cik111 800 222-0300, ext. 600. 
It11 make both your bills and your roommates much easier to live with. 
Ths.servlCe may not be available In all residence halls on your campus. 

't> 1990 A/&' 
·.Anal 

. The right choice. 



16 CLA SIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 10, 1990 

Classifieds 
Classified advertising Is sold In 15-
word Increments. The rate per 15 
words is $1 for students (personal 
use only), $3 for faculty, staff, and 
organizations, and $4 for others. 
Payment In advance Is required; 
therefore, ads must be mailed with a 
check (made payable to The UCSD 
Guardian) or presented In person. 
Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's paper and 3 p.m. Monday 
for Thursday's paper. The Gllllrdian 
reserves the right to refuse any 
edvertlslng Including but not limited 
to companionship ads. For more 
Information cali 534-5416. The 
Guardian, UCSD, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

, 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides warmth. 
education. prayer. socializing. Connect 
with Union of Jewish Students l 502 
Matthews; east of the Price Center. Call 
Rabbi Stotnick, 534-2521 . (412-6/7) 
Scholarships/Grants for college area 
available. Millions go unclaimed yearly. 
Call 1-800-334-3881 . (4/12-617) 

Writing helpl Professional, private. meet 
your deadline, your convenience. money 
back guarantee. Jim 481 -1 810. (4Il 2-617) 
RISC Staff Applications for '90-'91 now 
available. Due by May 18 at office In Price 
Center 3.306. Questions call 534-4482 
M-Th 10-1 or John Fleming 273-2145. 
Leave message at either. (517-5114) 
Hey all you fruitsl Try out to be the 1990 
Watermelon Queen on May 23rd. $100 
prize to winner. Get application (due May 
21 st) at Revelle Provost's office. (517-
5/17) 

Enthusiastic men + women wanted for 
UCSD Cheerleadlng Squad. Meeting 
Monday 5/148:30 p.m. Main Gym Lobby. 
For Info call Jenny at 485-1398. 
Cheerleading takes guts and muscles. 
BE THERE I (5/1 0-5/14) 

UCSD POLICE AUCTION. Saturday May 
19th 10:00 a.m. Pre-auction viewing 9:00 
a.m. Storage facility 4051 Old Miramar 
Rd. 1 block west of Regents -Old Miramar. 
Bicycles. watches, books. and much more l 
$1 .00 Refundable bidder deposit requined. 
Cash or check only. Info? Call 534-4358 
(5/7·5/17) 
Third College Town Meetingl Come and 
discuss/learn about the newly proposed 
curriculum ofThird College. Monday. May 
14th at 7:30 p.m. in Oceanvlew Lounge. 
Also come and talk about other problems. 
concerns or questions you have regarding 
Third College. Refreshments will be 
served. (517-5/14) 
It 's Time to Get Dirtyl Third College 
Residence Hall Council presents the 4th 
Annual Mud Volleyball Tournament. May 
20th 6-10 players per team. $10.00 per 
team. Sign up forms at your Residential 
Life Office. T -shins. prizes. KSDT music. 
Sponsored by Third College RHC, IC RHA. 
Momentum Sponswear and VolleyWorld. 
Don't miss it! (5/10-5117) 

Graduate Seminar on Gender Issues. 
Saturday. May I 91 International Center. 9 
a.m. - Noon . Refreshments/lunch 
provided. RSVP x43436. (5/10-5/17) 
DAY IN THE LIFE OF UCSD PHOTO 
CONTESTI May 31 - ATTENTION UCSD 
SHUTTERBUGS - Challenge your 
creative abilities - winning p~otos 
published in the G. Professional Judges -
entry forms at the G! Sign up now. (5110-
5114) 
ESPRIT AND TWEEDS FACTORY 
OUTLET LIQUIDATION CLOTHING 
SALEII Open 3 days only!! Friday S/11 
and Saturday 5/12. (to a.m. - 6 p.m.). 
Sundays/13(12-5). Famous maker brand 
name clothing on sale at drastically 
discounted prices. Everything priced at 
5O'Y. - 90"10 below regular retail prices I 
8O'Y. of all merchandise is priced below 
$151 Pants. tops. shorts. dresses. 
sweaters, sweats. jackets and much. much 
more all priced to move out this weekend. 
Wornenswear. menswear. clothesforklds. 
Go 4 lights east of the 805. off Miramar 
Road to 8250 Camino Santa Fe. Hodine 
450-3323. 10% DISCOUNT FOR 
STUDENTS! (5110) 

----------------, 
READy, GET FIT, GO! 

SPRING INTO SUMMER 
f~ SPECIAL! 

With this coupon .. 
one FREE Month 
with purchase of 
regular 
membership. 
4 MONTHS FOR 

THE PRICE OF 3 
• Toial cost One per per"". Must 8fVoII on first vIsiIand an Inc:enuve may 

'--='--f be offered fo< enIo1ing on regular rnarroersI1ps. Frst IImi merrbers only. 
Of:r ........ ........,,...,, No o!he! cfosco"rllS can be used in conjlrlCtion wi1l1lhls offer and 

membership roosl be used al c.nler 01 enrolment. Musl be alieas! 18 
~""oI"iI"'" years old. Personal uainillg and babysi1IIng aVaJlable aI nominal COSI. L ~m.: ::~~I=::~ ~m: =':.=e.:.s~n!::h~5.:s~~ .J 

Open 6 days a week - Gone fIshing on Sundays! 

One Hour 
Enlargements! 
7523 Fay Ave. ..£ 
(Vons Center) • 459-0696 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari Electrologist. 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Courl. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-
1962. (4130-617) 

PAPERS TYPEDI Quick & affordable I 
$2Ityped double-spaced page. Call W 
Colony Resumes & Professional Typing 
Services. 455-8357. One-day service 
available. Laser Printing I Choice of 35 
typestyles I (412-617) 
Rent-a-brain 24-hr . writing tutor; 
outstanding A-student UC grad save this 
numberl Make deadlines Jim 481-
1810.(4/12-617) 
TYPING -theses, term, Ph.Ds, Legal. All 
lormats. RUSH JOBS. MARIE 931-9596 
(4/12-6/7) 
Surfing - finally do it. fun. safe, 20 years 
experienced lifeguard. water salety 
instructor 481 -1810. (4112-6/7) 
PROFESSIONAL WORD PROCESSING 
- $1 .50/pg. Resumes. Papers. Theses -
Laser APA Format. Next Day delivery. 
439-9317.297-8291. (4123-5/17) 

WORD PROCESSING. term papers. 
experienceddissenations. 7 days a week. 
4.0 English Skills. references 755-2683. 
(4126-W) 
WORD PROCESSING - Student papers 
and resumes. laser printing. Fast and 
reasonable. Call1nputlOu\pu1. 535-301 O. 
(4130-617) 
Word Processing - any size. pick up & 
delivery. Fast turnaround - Call Sandy 
755-4316. (4/30-617) 

Macintosh Repair -upgrades: Component 
level repair. FREE estimates. Weekend 
Service. (Mac 128/5121Plus Power $89). 
Memory upgrades ALL Macs (Mac 128/ 
512 to Plus stans @ $210). Pick·upl 
Delivery. 456-5916. Compufix. (5/3-6/7) 
TYPING II I'll type your term papers etc. 
quickly and inexpensively. Laser printer. 
Call Jennifer: 558-6090. (5/3·5131) 
DON'T WALK ALONEIlThe UCSD Police 
Department offers a Community Service 
Officer (CSO) Escon Program. CSOs are 
available to escort individuals on campus 
from 5:30 p.m. 10 1 :00 a.m. seven days a 
week including vacations and holidays. 
Just call 534-WALK on any pay phone or 
4-WALKfromon-campusphones. YOUR 
SAFETY IS OUR FIRST CONCERN. 
(517·5110) 
Repair your bad credit rating 
profeSSionally without paying high credit 
doctor leesl plus fill your bank account 
with CASH! For FREE DETAILS. write 
Infinity Plus 6915-8 Paradise Valley Road 
Suite No.248, San Diego .CA 92139. (5/ 
7-5/10) 

Pregnant? Confused? Consider open 
adoption. All the choices are yours. Free 
confidential counseling available. 24 hour 
pregnancy hotline. Call to reach someone 
who cares about you. 279-3811 . (5110-
5121) 
WORD PROCESSING, EDITING. $21 
page. free pickup & delivery. 7 days! 
week. Irma 453-6282. (5/10) 

Full set ..................... $22 (reg. $30) 
Fills .......................... $12 (reg. $15) 
Manicure/pedicure .. $18 (reg. $22) 
French Manicure ..... sa (reg. $10) 
,--------, 

I ~1. I 
I any nail repair I 
L ~~~' reg. $3 per ~j~ .J 

FlIs!·vme dlents only • Expires 711/90 
In Pacilic Plaza next fo Vons 

1724 Gamet. Pacific Beach · 270-.1972 

Call Stormie for high quality word 
processing w/spel! check. Available 
Immediately. 450-9972. Competitive 
prices. (5/10-5/14) 

ALLERGIES? Asthma, hay fever. 
atopicdermititis? Free physician's exam 
and medication for very long term relief. 
New, safe. FDA approved test. Small 
compensation. Short test. Phone 277-
2740. (5/10-5129) 

WANTED 

Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for astudy 
on the effects of alcohol. If you are a 
UCSD student or non-academic staff. 
American born male of entirely Japanese. 
Chinese. or Korean descent. call Scripps 
Clln ic and Research Fou ndaUun for more 
information. 554-2192. (4/2-6/7) 
UNHAPPY? FREE research studies 
evaluating medications are avallable to 
people suffering from depression. 
Symptoms include sedness. fatigue. guilt. 
loss of Interest In daily activities. and 
difficulties sleeping . eating. and 
concentrating. Suitable volunteers 
receive Iree medications. lab fests. 
physicals and psychiatric evaluation. 18 

. or older. Free studies also avallable for 
panic. Call The Feighner Research 
Institute at 464-4300 Monday - Friday 10 
a.m. - 4 p.m.(4126-617) 
Housecteaners. window washers, $7-
$141hr. 8-25 hour week, ffex, punctual. 
professional. reliable car. must have 
some experience, must work through 
summer, good references. 259-8731/ M-
F 12p.m-Sp.m. leave message. (4126-
617) 
WATER & JETSKIINSTRUCTORS for 
summercamp In Big Bear. summer '90. 
Salary + rm & board. Please contact Eric 
Qualde (714) 786-3000. (4130-5117) 
We are looking for models Interested In 
free haircuts and consultations. Please 
call 488-8700. (4130-5131) 
Telephone Operators needed for 24 hour 
national party line. All shilts available FT. 
PT in Mission Valley location EARN UP 
to $10/hours while talking on the 
telephone. 496-3361. (4/30-5114) 

Broken Macintosh equipment wanted for 
CE student. Willing to negotiate a trade. 
Call 535·0930. (513-617) 
DRUMMER WANTED: Versatile person 
to play variety of styles (ska. reggae, 
funk. rock) merged into something we 
call our own. We have a place to practice. 
Call John Fleming 273-2145. (5/7-5/10) 
UNLIMITED FINANCIAL FREEDOM -
Does $15·30 + an hour pan-time sound 
2 good 2 B true? You determine when. 
where & how long you workl 
Commissions R based on offering a 
discount on a service EVERYONE is 
already using but never before able 2 do 
so at such terrific savings. EASIEST $$$ 
you'lI ever make. ENTREPRENEURS 
ONLY. Call 792-2231 4 appt. (5/7-5/10) 

ATTENTION: EARN MONEY TYPING 
AT HOMEI32,ooolyr. Income potential. 
Details (1) 602-838-8885 Ext. T-181 13. 
(5/7-5/10) 

Babysitter wanted. Writer needs In-
home. on-call sitter for friendly 2-year-
old daughter. Off Carmel Valley Rd. 5 
miles from campus. $5.00 per hour. 
Flexible hours mornings and/or 
afternoons. Available immediately and 
through the summer. Guaranteed 30 
hrs/month. Call Ann at 792-2756. (5/7-
5/10) 
SUMMER WORK$9.85to start. National 
Retail chain filling 19 openings in San 
Diego county. No experience required. 
Scholarships avallable. No door to door 
or phone sales involved. Must apply 
now. may start afterfinals. Call 9-5 p.m. 
Clairemont 483-4055. Encinitas 436-
8634. (5/7-617) 
Reliable. honest. enthusiastic individuals 
with a desire to serve the UCSD 
community in a Crime Prevention 
capacity. UCSD Police Department 
Community Service Officer (CSO) 
Program now accepting applications for 
the 1990-91 academic year with potential 
for continuing employment. Prefer 
individuals familiar with campus 
buildings. especially dorm areas. Pick 
up an application at the Student Part-
Time Employment Office. Applications 
due Friday May 18. 4:30 p.m. at the 
UCSD Police Department. 500 MMC. 
across from the loading dock of the 
Price Center. Any questions. please call 
534-9255 between 8:30 a.m. and 3:00 
p.m. Ask for Beth. (5/7-5110) 
Summer jobsl Spend your summer in a 
meaningful role as a leader. friend and 
counselor of children In a YMCA 
Resident Camp. Representative ON 
CAMPUS Thursday. May 10. at Price 
Center or contact Tom Madeyski. YMCA 
Resident Camps. PO Box 1510. Julian. 
CA 92036. 292-5942 E.E.O.E (517-
5110) 
Students Interested in sharing local. 
SECURE storage unit and expenses for 
entire summer only (I.e. June-
September) Need 8-1 0 to do so. Serious 
respondents only: Bobby: 452-1479 lor 
details. (517-5121) 

ATTENTION: EASY WORK 
EXCELLENT PAYI Assemble products 
at home. Details (1) 602-838-8885 Ext. 
W-18113. (517-5/10) 
ATTENTION I POSTAL JOBSI Start 
$11.41 /hourl For application info call (1) 
602-838-8885 Ext. M-18113_6 a.n. - 10 
p.m. 7 days (5/7-5/10) 

SUMMER JOBS TO SAVE 
ENVIRONMENT Earn $2500-$3500. 
national campaign positions to pass 
Clean Air Act. slOp toxic pollution. tighten 
pesticide controls & promote recycling. 
Available in 18 states & D.C. Intvws on 
campus 5/15.16, 17. Call Kate totl-free at 
1·800-75-EARTH. (5/7-5/14) 
85 people seriously Interested in losing 
weight. Summer is coming II Act nowl! 
Lynn 279-4265. (5/7-5121) 

PART TIME OR FULL TIME 
ASSISTANT. Want publiC relations and 
marketing experience in a "real world" 
situation? No text, no instruction. just 
good experience I n account 
coordination, some writing and client 
contect. Give us a call and your resume 
will thank you for It. Call Sheilah at 558-
2202. (5/10-s/14) 

FOR RENT 
Looking for a place to live 

this Summer or Fall of '9O? ~ 
ATTENDTHE ~ 

OFF-CAMPUS HOUSING WORKSHOP 
May 17th, 6:30 p.m. 

Price Center Cove Room 

A panel of experts will discuss: 
• Housing optiOI18 e RightsJrespol18ibilities and 

regulatiol18 e Viewpoints of lifestyles e Pros/cOI18 
on different areas e Questions and answers 

Sponsored by Commuter Student Services & the ACCB. 

Thursday, May 10, 1990 

WANTED:Academic family needs rental 
(3+ bedrooms) In San Diego area. Call 
607-257-2908. (5Il0-s/14) 
Summer Camp Counselors/Art & Mualc 
Leader needed for JCC In N. County. 
EOE More info call 944-0640. (5110) 

Looklng for qualified Individual majoring 
In Theatre Arts with experience In 
management. Call 296-8850. (S/10) 
Make $ and/or Lose Weight all at once. 
It·s easy. it's funl GREAT job that can 
last for as long as you wish. Have any 
QUESTIONS? Call Marla 587-()422. 
(5110-5117) 

FOR SALE 
Honda Aero 50: 1985. good condition. 
low mileage, red wJbasket. great for 
beach trips and commuting to campus. 
$650.00 or best offer. Call weeknights 
792·8251 ask for Lisa. (4/30-5/10) 
A futon & frame unused $95.00 Can 
deliver. 268-0814 (4/30·5131) 
Extra plane ticketl Round trip from San ' 
Diego to San Francisco. Leaves 5118 
1:00 p.m_ and returns 5120 2:35 p.m. 
$50 (o.b.o.) Can even give ride to airport. 
792·8n3(5/3-s/10) 

Sofa (sleeper) 18: RCA Color TV -good 
condillon. Del Mar. Make offer. 755-
5856 any time. (5/3-5110) 

Surfboard. 7'2". good condition. 
excellent learning board, must sell, 
cheap. on campus. call 558-1294, 
(Gene). (5/3-5/\7) 
Toyota Corolla FX 3-door liftback. 1987 
Auto. AlC. PIS. P/B, AM-FM stereo 
excellent. Asking only $4,900558-0547. 
(517-5110) 

EI~e 150 Motorscooter. 1986 Burgundy 
red. in great condition. Lots of fun to ride 
$795 or best offer. Call 792-9817 ask 
for Tim. (5/7-5/10) 
Macintosh 800K External drive (beige) 
Only $175.00 call Jennifer. 792-5870. 
(5/7-5/10) 
4 piece sectional couch for sale. Tan 
corduroy. In good shape. $150 o.b.o. 
Andrea 270-2977. (517-S/10) 
O'Neill Impact Full wetsuit, Men's ML. 
good condition. $90 o.b.o. Must sell I 
Call Stan 558-1337. (5/7-5/10) 
Milli Vanilli 12 concen tickets. Spans 
Arena. Friday May 25 8:00 6th and 12th 
row. 538-1048. (5/7-510) 
ATIENTION:GOVERNMENTHOMES 
from $t -(U-Repalr). Delinquent tax 
property. Repossessions. Call 1-602-
838-8885 Ext GH-18113. (517-5/10) 

Computer for sale!! XT compatible wHh 
640K RAM. mono monitor. 360K floppy 
drive. and 30 MB hard drive. Great for 
papers and funl $650.00 Call Ed 792· 
9135. (517-5/14) 
Coronado Sloop, 27' . excellent 
condition. new interior. many extras. 
$7,900 - Don 534-3068. (5/10) 
PEUGEOT racing bike. dble chro-moly 
231bs. 2 yrs. great shape. 23" blue frame. 
aero brakes. alloy rims. michelin tires, 
$300. Peter 457-3285. (5110-5/14) 
1965 Ford Mustang; beautiful . runs 
perleet. fast! $4.700Jbest offer. Aaron 
558·6565. (5/ tO-5/14) 

tTac01ime 
It's Time for the Besftw 

FREE 
DRINK R.'ILLS 

Just 3 minutes 
From campus 

&.. , .... Vii .... c.. .. , 

. 

AMC. 1973. 64K miles. new 
transmission w/paperwork. new pelnt, 
very reliable. $1900 o.b.o. 558-2166. 
(S/10) 
Get In shape lor summerl Nice road 
bike lor maleJlemale 5'4" to 5'8". Hardly 
used Centurion - Acoordo. Must selil 
PIIld $350 asking $175. 299-6025. 
(5110) . 

HOUSING 
Subletting your apartment this summer? 
Local law firm seeklng summer housing 
for law clerks. Call Karen at 699-3542 
with details. (4/2-s/1 0) 
Trilevel condos, 2 bd. 2 112 ba ($1800) 
orl bdt 1I2ba($II00).pooI.spe.walk 
10 UCSD 551 -9203. (4130-5110) 
Huge House; La Jolla Shores. 4 bd. 3 
ba, yard. garages. 3 blocks from beach. 
close to all $2800 mo. 551-9203. (4/30-
5110) 
Housew/yardl4 bd. 2112 be; remodeled. 
close to UCSD and malls, 2 car garage. 
$1800 mo. 551-9203. (4/30-5/10) 
Leucadia I bedroom mobilehorne. 112 
block from beach. Steal at $21,000. 
$350 space rent. 945·3325. (4/30-5/10) 
Summer Sublet (available 6/17-911) La 
Jolla Village Park 2 master BRI2.5 baths. 
furnished . all amenities. garage. 
fireplace. WI D. pool/spa, tennis/ 
racquetball. close 10 UCSD.UTC. $11001 
month + util. 455-6356. (4I30-s/1 0) 

4 bd' 2 112 bath house. yard pool. 
spacious. close 10 all, garage. University 
City $2100/mo 551-9203. (4/30-5110) 
Quiet. clean, non-smoking 38 Yr. old 
lemale needs housing from 6-20-90 to 
6-91 while doing internship in La Jolla. 
Vera 916-894-7126. P.O. Box 1594. 
Chico. CA 95927. Message 916·343-
3290. (5/3-5121) 
Female non-smoker need to share 
master BR in LAJOLLA VILLAGE PARK 
CONDO. 2 BRI2.5 baths. all amenities; 
garage. fireplace, WID. pooUspa.tennis/ 
Iracquetball. close to UCSD. UTC. 
$287.50/month + 1/4 util. 455-6356. 
Available 9/1 (5/7-5110) 
2 BLOCKS LA JOLLA BEACH. Share 1 
bedroom Apt. Clean. responsible. No 
drugs. 456-2717. Inexpensive. (5/7-
5/14) 

CORONADO, private roomiboard in 
exchange for housekeeping and care for 
11 year girl. 435-1610. (517-5/10) 

The UCSD Guardian 

MaieiFema!ewantedto subietown room 
In 3 br. duplex. 6/1/90 -911/90. Three 
blocks to beach In Pacific Beach. $2951 
mo + $275 dep. Call 270-6132. (517-
5110) 

W Condo 10 share w/female 2BR, bI· 
level. security. garage. tennis. pool. all 
amenities. walk to UCSD/all shopping. 
Non-smoking $437.50 + 1/2 utilities, 
available June 458-9168. (517-617) 
Del Mar • non-smoker student/ 
professional wanted to share beautiful 
townhouse. All conveniences. 10 min. 
UCSD. Matthew 755-6632. (517-5117) 
Apartment for Rent 2 bdI2 ba. pool. One 
mile to UCSD. stores. On bus line. 
Summer only or keep fall. Available mid-
June. Some fumiture negotiable. $830/ 
mo or best offer . Dara 452-3981 
(evenings). (517-s/10) 
Share 3 br c.ondo near campus 330.00 + 
1/3 utilities. Avaitabie Sept. 1 Dina C. 
546-8423 (eves.) (517·511 0) 
WANTED - two people male and/or female 
share master bedroom. Own bath. 
balcony. furnished condo (except 
bedroom) near Vons. Move in after finals 
$250 each. 1/4 utilities. Heather/Natalie 
558-2374. (517-5/tO) 
3 bdrm condo. 2 single. 1 Master Bdrm to 
share, 2 bath. pool. jacuzzi, security, 
washer/dryer. dishwasher. single 3501mo. 
1/4 utilities. 1st last. Double 300/mo. 114 
utilities. 1/4 utilities. 1st and Last. Call 
Mike 450-1910. (5/10-5129) 
Room. Board. salary . for evening. 
weekend child care (Boy. 9) Female 
nonsmoker. Del Mar. 481 -6115. (5110-
5121 ) 

LOST AND FOUND 
PLEASE call Sascha (558-8092) H you 
find my Anthropology 118 final paper. $20 
REWARDII No questions asked. (5110· 
5124) 

PERSONALS 
Summer is almost here. so don't miss 
out on the final big bash of spring. 
SPRING FliNG '90-the WamenCoIlege 
Semi-formal. May 25th at the Faculty 
Club. (5110-5121) 

Uttfe Baby Ebee - The message from thf' 
Board of Health says you should eat youl 
own raw broccoli. (5/10) 

OUTDOOR SUMMER JTOlB§~!! 
Picinc People, the outdoor event specialist, is 

looking for high energy people to assist in their 
many outdoor events this summer. Positions range 

from recreation specialists to catering and food 
service personnel. Varied hours, mostly weekend 
days in local areas. Salary range: $5-$8 an hour, 
depending on skill and experience. 

An orientation meeting will be held 
on May 12, at South Clairemonl -. e Recreation Center. ....... 

For More Information, Call Ann at 587-1717 

UCSD SPECIAL 
NEW ClIENTS ONLY 

Replace aayIic nails with a 'New 
Produa" caIed Lumt Gel Bond Nails. 

$15 Reg. $45. Give your nab lIlaI 
CLEAR NAnJRAL LOOKI 

• Ac!yics .............................. $16.95 
• Fils ............................ .. ...... $f 0.95 
• Silk Wrap ............................ $25.00 
• Unen Wrap ........................ $25.00 
• Fiberglass .......................... $25.00 
• Pedicure ..... ....................... $10.95 
• Manicure .................. ......... $5.95 

14'76 GARNET AVE .• Pacific Beach 
(Comer of Haines & Gamet) 

Next to Ken~ Fried Chidleo. 
Parldng lot available 

Call 483-6168 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

( \ I I I .... I 11< .... I 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North #315 

DON'T WALK ALONE!lThe UCSD Police 
Department offers a Community Service 
Officer (CSO) Escort Program. CSOs are 
avallable to escon individuals on campus 
from 5:30 p.m. to 1 :00 a.m. seven days a 
week Including vacations and holidays. 
Just call 534-WALK on any pay phone or 
4-WALK from on-campus phones. YOUR 
SAFETY IS OUR FIRST CONCERN. 
(517-5/10) 

The OASIS Language Program is now 
accepting appIicetions for tutors of Spanish 
and French. GPA of 3.0+ required. For 
more information call: 534-2284. (5110) 

Hola SigEps: Vosotros estemos muy bien 
• Lafiesladel Cincode Mayo ... Fantasticol 
AOII. (5/10) 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

Interested in health promotion? Apply now 
tobeavolunteer Student Health advocate. 
534-2419, or 534-3874. (5/10) 

WIN A TRIP TO EUROPE in the Council 
Travel Roommate Game on Wednesday, 
May 9, at8 :00 p.m. Sign up at your resident 
dean's and hurry because onty the first 30 
teams will be accepted. The All-Campus 
Final Round will be at the Old Triton Pub 
at 8 p.m. on Wednesday May 16. (5/10) 

Delts: Tonight's the night for fun South of 
the Borderll Let's ragel Sisters of AOII. 
(5/10) 

lBT: The Bar-b-que and ... ah. er •.. 
"Softball" game were awesome. Let's do it 
again soon! AOI! (5/1 0) 

CommelJ10rating 50 years of 

TUt: BATMAN .• 
Batman and Detective comks available at: 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 Balboa Ave. 

San Diego. CA 92117 
comer a Balboo &. Cioiremonl Dr. 

- Next to Food Basket -
(619) 483-4853 

675-B N. Broadway 
Escondido. CA 92025 

Country Comer ShoppIng Center 
at Broadway & Washington 

(619) 745-5660 

PJlYSICISTSI 
MATHEMATICIANS I 

COMPurER SCIENTISTSI 
XonTech Is a hlchly respected, progressive R&D firm specializirli 
In the emplncal analysis of complex phySical phenomena. and 
development of advanced concepts and technolotlles In support 
of numerous defense programs. 
Our research encompasses the followin«: 
• Analysis and evaluation of flight test data (aircraft ballistic mis-

sile. satellitel. Includin«: 
• Traiectory reconstruction • Re-entry aerodynamics 
• Navigation analysis • orbital mechanics 

• Research, development. and evaluation of advanced radar and 
weapons systems includirli: 
• Signature analysis • 5yster., design 
• Signal processin« • Performance analysis 
• System Simulation 

Our work is technicallychaliengirli, and offers exceptional visibility 
and direct client contact, with opportunities for technical and 
managerial advancement. 
Positions are available at the Ph.D .• Master's, and Bachelor's levels. 
Degrees must be in PhYSiCS, Mathematics, or Computer Science. 
Electrical Erliineering with signal processirli emphasis is also 
acceptable. 
Qualified professionals are invited to contact our Corporate Per-
sonnel Office at (1.1' 717-7,.., or send a resume in confidence 
to Corporate "'na_1 Deput8e1d, 1l_1lIdI, Inc.., "'1 
... ,..... ..... A __ • Vall N.,.. CA ....... 

U.s. CItIaeII .... lleqllind. 

lloB'hcli will be at the 
Ca .... r SenIcH Canter 
_ FrIda,. Ma, I I til. 

SIpI a. tocIa, .... an lntenlewl 

~ XonTech, Inc. 
"People, ScJeftCe and 'hchnolog" 

r 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 10,1990 

IN THE BLEACHERS 
by Steve Moore 

Nolan Ryan , age 90 
Greg Benes/Guardiun 

Dann Eaton threw 6 2/3 innings before being knocked out and taking yesterday's loss to SDSU. 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 14 

The UCSD Guardian Photo Department Announces the enth, the Aztecs serit 10 men to the plate and came away with five runs 
on only three hits. A Day in the Life of UCSD The reason? Walks. 

Friday, May 31 - 24 Hours Photography Contest 
Eaton, though he struck out four, 

walked six Aztecs on the day -
three of them in the seventh. All 
three of those wa1.ks came around 
to score. 

• Open to the entire UCSD community. 
• The contest will be judged by a panel ofprofeaaional photojournalists. 
• Winning entries will be published in the Guardian. 
• Entry forms and information available at the Guardian photo office. 

For more information, contact Rimas or Gail at 534-6582 Eaton left the mound with two 

----------------~ UCSD : 
Student: 

Carl's Jr. Special I 
I I 
: BUY ONE WESTERN #47 : 
: Bacon Cheeseburger : 
i ~FREE i 
I Valid at: 6788 Miramar Rd. .. I 
I Coupon expires June 15, 1990. One offer per coupon. I· I One coupon per customer per vIslt. Not valid with cmy ® I 
I other offer or discount. Price does not include tax. I't_ -'It.. J:r. I 

©Carl Karcher Enterprises, Inc. 1990 \oHL&'"&-D • L _____________________ --~ 

SPERRY Topsider 
SALE $25.89 
~~~,....-4 Reg . $38.95 

FLO)OS Standard Sandal 
SALE $6.89 
Reg . $9.95 

SAUCONY Prestige Mid 
Svperior support ond cush ioning 

make, this women', shoe ideal for 
hogh· and Iow·impact aercbia. 

SALE $62.89 
Reg. $74.95 

1 O%OFF already 
di$COunted price, with 

,judent t.D.· 

5590 LA JOLlA BLVD. (NEXT TO THE fRENCH PASTRY) 459·4666 
"EVERYTHING WE SELL IS DISCOUNTED" 

outs in the seventh following a 
walk which gave the Aztecs their 
fifth run. 

Rick Rupkey took over the 
mound duties and yielded a bases-
clearing double. 

The Tritons finally managed to 
break the then 8-0 shutout in the 
bottom of the eighth, when back-
to-back hits by Ernie Isola and 
Aldridge resulted in two runs. 

But that would be it. 
SDSU, 39-20 and tied for first 

in the WAC with Wyoming, could 
ill·afford to lose to the Tritons. 

In fact , Aztec Head Coach Jim 
Dietz explained that he was taking 
this game "very seriously" and in-
dicated concern because four or 
five of his players were taking final 
exams at game time. 

But after a few innings were 
completed, Dietz ' s concern was 
focused on a somewhat different 
issue: parking. 

See BASEBALL, page 19 

GRADUATE IN "SUITE" STYLE 
JUNE 17, 1990 

EMBASSY 
--~--SU ITE SSM 

HOTEL 
SPECIAL UCSD GRADUATE RATE $89.00· ~~f:x~~~i::rsuite 
• luxurious two-room suite with wet bar, 

refrigerator, and microwave oven 
• Full free cooked-to-order breakfast 

every .momlng 
• Free cocktails for two hours each evenlngtt 
• Swimming pool, whirlpool, sauna, and 8undeck 
• 2 miles from the UCSD campus 

'Prlce Is per suite. per night. ana base<1 on availability. 
ttSubject to state and Ioeallaws 

For Reservations Can 
(819) 453-0400 

Embassy Suites Hotel - La Jolla, 4550 La Jolla Village Dr .. 
San Diego, CA 92122, (619) 453-0400 

Thursday, May 10, 1990 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 18 

Apparently, UCSD's Parking 
and Transportalion Services did 
not organize parking auendants io 
sell permits at the entrance of the 
parking lot of the new Triton Field, 
so all vehicles without UCSD per-
mits were being ticketed during 
the game. 

Most of these vehicles belonged 
to San Diego State players and 
fans, and when Dietz was alerted 
as to what was going on, he was 
ready to walk off the field . 

"You don ' t invite a team over 
and charge them forparldng, " Dietz 
said after the game. "Have you 
ever heard of such a thing? They 
were even trying to ticket the 
umpires!" 

The situation, however, was 
smoothed out and all tickets that 
had been issued were revoked. The 
situation didn ' t help the Tritons 
much, as play resumed and UCSD 
still managed only two hits off the 
various Aztec starters until the 
eighth. 

But as far as the Tritons are 
concerned, what rea1ly matters is 
the news they are awaiting tonight. 
Whether that news will be in the 
Tritons' favor is a little too diffi-
cult to speculate. 

The Tritons, with a record of 
19-17-2, have lost six games in 
Division 1lI action. 

According to Yates, the tearns 
competing for the two spots in the 
West Regional are Cal State San 
Bernardino, UCSD, Claremont, 
and La Verne. 

Yates pointed out that CSUSB 
is virtually a lock, so Ihe decision 
will be between the other Ihree 
schools. In head-to-head competi-
lon, the Tritons split doublehead-
ers with both La Verne and Clare-
mont. La Verne, with a 22-15 
record, has eight losses in Di vision 
lll. Claremont (21-16), has six. 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from page 14 
were chosen) and Lthe committee) 
doesn't ever have the opportunity 
to see us play." 

UCSD's strong record against 
both Division ill (14-5) and higher-
division opponents (8-11), and a 
strong stretch run didn't seem to 
make a difference in the 
committee's decision. 

What may have hurt the Tritons 
most was their slow start this year, 
after making the Western Region-
als the previous two seasons, and 
achieving the number two national 
ranking last year. 

UCSD came OUI of the gate 
fairly slowly (2-6) and split its first 
16 contests before gaining momen-
tum for a 22-16 finish . 

"In the preseason we were 
ranked eighth nationally, but we 
struggled some early," Coats said. 
" By [mid-season) people were 
saying, 'UCSD isn't that good this 
year. '" 

But, Coats stressed that the 
committee's tainted choice 
shouldn't be allowed to soil what 
was an excellent sea on for Triton 
softball. 

"It' too bad it came down to 
this . .. butweshouldbeleallyhappy 
and pleased with how we played," 
Coat said. "Once next season rolls 
around, we should be really ready 
to kick some butt." 

• IS 

The UGSD Guardian 

Move into a new decade 
with 

R.E.M. 
THE 8-52's 
THE CURE 

AND MANY MORE! 

An all new laser 

born 
Visit our new 

Pacific Beach 
location, prespnt 
this ad & receive 

a free gift. 

1834 Gamet Avenue • Pacific Plaza II 
(Nttlr the Soup Exchllnge) 

MON-FRI 7:30 ·9 SAT - SUN 9 am - 5 pm 
483-1852 • Public Fax 483-9982 

71Ie UCSO Summer Session 
first five-week session begins 
July 2 and the second five-week 
session begins August 6. 
An exciting range of courses from 
virtually every campus department i!: 
offered . Catalogs are available now For 
your free copy, drop by the Summef 
Session Office , UCSD Extension 
Complex , Building A, Monday th rouph 
Friday, 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. or phone 
534-4364 . 

I J. • •• I 
"- • f to') " ,~ ", \ I ......., .. -.. , t Go \..) 

I 
I 
I 
I 

SPORTS 19 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

11 -11 Fri. & Sat. 
LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd .. Ste. lOB 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

--------------------

25% O F F any small, I medium or I large frozen yogurt I 
Void wiltl any other offer. Toppings not included. Expires 5/13/'10. I L ____________________ ~ 

r--------------------, 1 
1 
1 
1 
I 
I 
I 
I 

2 TANS 1 
One for You, One for a 

1 TRIM & TAN· UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct .• 455-0909 
Pacific Beach' Mission Valley· State College· Sports Arena· Encinitas 

1 ______ ---------------
Lose 6" Guaranteed! I 1 1 European Body Wrap -Only $48 

1 ~jot a temporal)' water loss. Reduce cellulite and stretch mar1<s. Cail for details • 2nd 30 Ian days 539.99 • Frst·\lITIe clients 
Expires 6/1190 .J L ___________________ _ 

YEARS 
AHEAD 

HAIRCUTS 
by Mark 

W ...... $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg .. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

Perm & Haircut or $50 
Highlight & Haircut 

For appointment. pleau <011457·2930. 8950 Viii" La Jolin Dr., 
St •. 1110, La Jolla (behind £1 TorilO d"ufly a,'ross ramp.) 

ACUPUNCTURE.ACUPRESSURE.HERBOLOGY 
Prevent unnecessary surgeries 

A void taking drugs 
Restore Health & Vitality 

pain 
stress relief 
fatigue 
sports injury 

addictions 
asthma 
PMS 
migranes 

Most UCSD Insurance Acceptable 
(close proximity to UCSD) 
(619) 275-3851 

Dr. of Oriental Medicine, P. Margaret Wells 

GRADUATES 
The Residence Inn by Marriott La Jolla 

the closest hotel to the UCSD campus 

$8922 t12S22 
one-bedroom suite two-6eclroom suite 

. 

Your big day Is JU t around the comert Make reservaUons early [or your 
IncomIng family and friend. at the ResIdence Inn by Marriott La Jolla. 

They will enjoy spacIous one- and two-bedroom sulles wtth rully 
equIpped kitchens and living rooms. Also. they can !.reat themselves to our 
complimentary breakfast each momlng. 

The Realdeace IDa by 
MarrIott La Jolla 
PItau: mention tJU ocf.urrtllsement 
to I"ft.'ftLte spedall"QW 

.. ' 

Rt~iden{,t' 
Inn 

Located Just south o[ UCSD 
on Gilman Drtve 

8901 QIlDaaD Drln. La JoDa. CA 92037 (619) 587-1770 

• 



20 

.. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 10, 1990 

".THE REIGN IS OVER 

sonBALL 
BudMan's Rankings as of May 8 
IYD Jm;.. IBm IlK. 
Men's AM Coed AA 
I . No Clue 4-0 1. Purple T oopee «I 
2. Dilch LJckers 3'() 2. Foul Play «I 
3. T.K.E. 2·1 3. Gu! 3·1 
4. S.A.E. 3·1 4. Nile Eyes 4'() 
5. SlIding Orabos 2·2 5. Our Guys Have No Balls 2·1 
6. Touch Your ()Qnk 2·2 6. Shaeffer lile 2·2 
7. Sam's MaJarI\y 2·2 7. Drive The Gap 2·2 
S. An The Queen's Men 2·2 8. All The Queen's Man 2·2 
Men's AA 
1. N's On Ice 4-() 
2. No Banaga's Ambotion 5'() 
3. Porks Gol The 1I4's 4.() 
4 Badnad 211 
5. Meister Chow 2-<1 Coed A 
6. Slow & lJgtt 2-<1 I. Norm «I 7. Dorrinale Leathals 2-<1 2. Ban Si~n's FMS «I 
8. StrickJy T·BalI 2-<1 3. Tappa Kegga Brew «I 9. lilies Of The Field 3·1 4. No Clue 5.() 10. ZBT 3-1 5. Bats From Hal «I 

6. Nightmare Ends 3-0 
Men's A 7. Ethnic Bombers 4-1 
I. Louis's Sluggers 5-<1 8. Sam's Hard Balls 4·1 
2. No Brain No Pain 4-<1 9. Makng Waves 4-1 
3. RedWongs 4-<1 O. Zekl<.e 4-1 
4. Einslein's Relalives 4.() 
5. Shon For Richard 3-0 Women 
6. Asso~ed Pasteries 3-<1 1. Garvey's WIVes 3-0 7. The Piglets 4·1 2. Above The law 1.() 8. Annoying Men 3-1 3. SK Sluggers 2·1 
9. Hn n Hard 3·1 4. Grass On The Field 1·1 10. Formenled Boob Juice 2·1 5. Grass On The Field ,., 

VOLLEYBALL 
The Bud Pounders Poll 
Coed AA Coed A 
1 SHANK·THROW·ROOFED (9-<1) 1 FROlICKING FORESKINS (15-<1) 
2 CASUAL SETS (12-<1) 2 BUMP FROM THE REAR (9-0) 
3 SHANKSVERY MUCH(S·I) 3 UNTITlED (13·2) 
4 PARTICLE MAN (9-<1) 4 TEAM NAME (10-2) 
5 CUMMING BEHIND (12·3) 5 BEANSANDLUMPIA (1 2·3) 
6 SETS ON THE BEACH (10-2) 6 WE DIG (13-2) 
7 SATANIC NAZIS (7·2) 7 RECLINING NUDES (12·3) 
8 SUCKING WIND (7-2) 8 UNKNOWN FLUIDS (11-4) 
9 ARGO 4 ROOFING (7·2) 9 SUM DUM TEAM (11-4) 
10 MAKE A PASS (9·3) 10 THE rs (1 2·3) 

TUBE-POLO 
7he IM8ftube Waterp% season will mish 0fJ Tuesday May 15. 1he ~ayoffs win begin on 
ThIXSday May 17 with the top hal of each league a<Ivancing to the playoffs. The playoff 
sd/eduJe wiii be pulilshed 0fJ Tuesday May 15 and caplains are advis6d 10 call or go drrwn 
10 Canyonview to lind out where tlwir 161m filS io~ the playoff pic1ure. Here is the ament 
rankings of aN divisions: 
IuI11 B& IBm IlK. 
CoedAAA Coed A 
I Swim Fags 4-<1 1 Innerpubes HI 
2 Deja Vu 3-<1 2 Aoating Highones. HI 
3 Tube Steall 2·1 3 Te<lll Forfened 3'() 
4 Just Say 'Not Now' 2·2 4 Wet BaIs Revenge 3~ 
5 No Way Nerd 2·2 5 GoldIlocks Has PMS 3-0 

6 Floating Medical Waste 2'() 
CoedAA 7 Watch Us Drown 3-0 
1 Dan's last Chance 4.() 8 SpIish Splash «I 
2 T ac:o WorshlpptllS 4.() 9 & We Taste Good Too 3-1 
3 BaDies T asts Good 3-1 10 Drowning Rock Rats 2'() 
4 TreachSfOllS WalSfS 3·1 
5 Sippery Wheh WeI 2·1 

SUN GOD 
INDOOR SOCCI R 

lOURNAMINI 
This Weelcend • 6·Person Teams 

SION UP NOW 
AI CANYONYIIW 

If you're going to lose the UCSO Floor Hockey Invitalional, 
the annualtoumament that UCSO has won the last five years, 
make it quick. make it painless. 

Don1 come in as an underdog, silence all your critics by 
breezing into the championslips, then lose 3·2 in the finals. 

Don' annihilate the evenklal ~ in the p!eiminary 
round 6-1 , then come up sholl 10 them when ~ counts. 

And whaiever you do, don1 tie up a 2-1 bal game with seven 
seconds left in regulation unless you're going to win the tting in 
overtime. 

Underdog UCSO did all lhese things and had to pay the 
price-a heartbreaking loss to .-chafl1lion University 01 San 
Diego. 

~ was a fairytale gone bad. UCSO's Greg Theriau~ wrists 
a shot past the USC goalie with seven seconds lett in the third 
period to tie the game 2·2. The Rae Gym spectaton; go nuts, 

Theriau~ gets mobbed by his teammates, they ~ve happily ever 
atter. Right? 

What team doesn't win on their home cou~ in overtime atter 
a mracle shot like that? 

That question was answered three minutes later by a USD 
breakaway that lett goafie UCSD Greg Koran the only thing 
standing between USC and their first AII·CaI Floor Hockey title. 

The ball was by Koran in no time at all. Koran's glove went 
up a short ti me later. The game was over. 

~started outominously enough. The USC H lead after one 
period was a good indication ot who controlled the early part of 
thegame. On aboxing scorecard, it would have been: first round 
10 USD 1 ()'9. 

Frighteningly, that lead began 10 look like it might hold up 
against the UCSD offense which had averaged five goals a 
game coming inlo the finals. Scoring chances remained few and 
far between in the second period. 

Mike Levitan changed althat, though, with ashotthat nobody 
saw coming, inclucing the USC goa"ender. With one minute left 
in the second period, Levitan'held in a ball rolling out to the USO 
blue ine, then wheeled and fired into the upper left·hand corner of 
the net to tie the game 1-1. 

The teams traded shots throughout the final period to no avail, 
but a USD penalty with under two minutes 10 play put UCSD on the 
power play for the resl of regulation. 

Coming into the final game with an 80% success rale on 
power plays during the tournament, UCSO seemed 10 be staring 
a 2·1 championship vicIoIy in the face. Therefore, it was all the 
mora ironic when the USO right winger stripped the baI from 
defenseman Mall Nilsen and marched In for a sholl-handed goal 
with 50 seconds in the ba. game. 

Stil in lhe power play, though, UCSO pulled goalie Koran 10 
gi\/9 itself a six on tour advantage. 

It paid off at the last possible moment With the clock showing 
seven seconds and a ~ in the USD zone, center Levitan 
drew the baH bad< to Theriault who tied the game with a shot from 
the lett circle. 

The fifth and final goal of the game, however, belonged to 
USC, hushing the hometown Rae Gym Crowd and snapping the 
UCSO five-year winting streak thai many knew 10 be in jeoparlti 
at the ouIset of the tournament. But a convincing 6-1 victory in the 
first garne made 'The Joy of Six' (the learn's battle cry) 100II ike 
a very real possibility. That opening lopsided victory came against 
none other than USO. 

UCSO then rolled over San Diego Slate 4-3, UC Santa 
Barbara 4-2, and UC Riverside 6-0 in the semi-final contesL 

Greg Theriault led UCSO in scoring with five goals. Isaac Kim 
Andrew Robbins, and Ernie Liu contributed four goals each Ovel 
the twCHlay tournament. 

This Is the annual adventule 
of the nomtally ground bound 
UCSD hoops enthusiasts Into 
the world of Jordan, WMkInI, 
WooirkiCe, Webb, Chambers 
and all the other unbelievable 
skywalken. This tou"""*1t 
feam,.. the ever popular Sun-
loci modilled courts tIurt allow 
everyone to become _ter 
dunker., wItIt I apeclll com-
petition to fond the best of the 
bllckbcNlrd-bulter'. TIlt Sun-
loci .... 1IIao promlMd Hver.I 
other court 1IIOCIltIc.tI_ to 
make ttIls yeers event the best 
ever. 

Mark the c:aIendan, waka the kids, ~ tile ~ra­
_',. dr8lfllnl our winter 'POrts out of the closet for _ final 
appearance this year. So listen up _r taM, we ,ot news for 
Y'IH. 

The actJon tills year wHi be 
divided Into til... diYlslonlj 
Men'. Open, Men'. B, and fer 
the IIrst time, Women' •. YH, 
the lady dunlcers wUI be .ky. 
wllkInC like never befont In 
their first trip to the 'Suneod'. 

There are .tI. I few spaces 
left fer this outdoor tOIl".. 
menl, so ,.t JOur five person 
aqUMI t0i8ther(no tube In this 
event) and lINd clown to ~ 
yonvlew to pt ....... up. TNe 
could be your em-. to IauIh 
It "Ivtty and play above the 
rim for a c .... , but the llarm 
clock 1_ of! on Satunl8y 
n/Cht, 10 don't min ttl. GMt 
I rear opportunity. 

We'" l ot our _I.prtrcsoccer tournanMnt IOinC on till, 
Saturday and Sunday, May 11612. YOII',.,_ have to leave 
the cleats at home thoI/CII, CUZ _'Ie takIrc this thing Indoon. 
TNe Is tile Sun 8ocIindoor Soccar Tournament, you know. 

We',. talkInIl power plays, no ofhIcIH, a smaller 14 ball to 
.peed up play (11M this PM .... any IpeedIng up). YOII mlaht 
want t o 1_ about half the people you wed on your 1M aocc:er 
teem, thoI/CII. 11* Is a IIl1-penor1 deal. Well, c_ to think of 
It, you mI(tIt nnt them to ItIck around--thls prne ,.ts t1rtnc 
lifter about 30 _ .... 

TIne dlvlllons of play In this year'. toumey will a llow 
competlt_ of alllIIIIIItIeI to partJoIpeta In _ of the year'l most 
eaprly4walted _wnt. Men'. Open, Men'. 8 (no Intarcolle-
..... or club ~r., .,....1), ... Coed. Prizes wll'" _arded 
to the wlnMll __ and IeadiI1l sco,.rs In each dMaIon to 
mike ttIlnp a little more Juicy. 

The onIJ time for soccer players to kick ewry_ elM out of 
the Rac Gym Is this _kand, 10 don't mise out. Stop by 
Cenyonwiew today or tomorrow to pt your team In their for your 
first pme on s.turday. Entry .... I,. 10$ per team which also 
MeCIa to ... brouIht Into Canyonwlew. R ...... 

For any ~tIona about Indoor soccer ruin and the tourna-
ment, or for aven just I eMery word, contact Scott Bemclea at 
534-4037. 

tATU~ 
,arts ente r ta inm e n t 

MAY 10, 1990 
UCSD's New Music Festival 

Since the '60s, music festivals have given audiences the chance to sample different 
bands and discover new styles of music. This Saturday, UCSD is giving its students 
the chance to hear groups that are destined to become college radio champiOns. 

BY JOSH ODINTZ 
Staff Writer 

Mary's Danish will inject a sugar high into the audience at the New Music Festival. 

As of press time, the line up will include headliner Dramarama, Mary's Danish, the 
Wonder Stuff, and If Tomorrow. The show is scheduled to start at 12 p.m. in the Price 
Center Plaza. The Rave-Ups were originally scheduled, but couldn't make it due to lack 
of travelling time. 

What is almost as impressive as the acts scheduled to perform is the fact that this festival 
is absolutely free. ASUCSD Programming, in associati0n with Pop Events and UCB, 
could have easily made a fair amount of money by staging the concert in the Main Gym 
or the Price Center Ballroom, but instead opted for an open air festival for the public. 

"I never even thought about the festival to make money. I thought the most incredible 
thing we could do with it is to have a free concert that everyone could see without having 
to worry about ms:mey. lt's a festival- it's the best way rospend a day," Larry Weintraub, 
Concert Chairman for Pop Events stated. 

Although last year's Peace Festival was held at Mile High field, Weintraub opted to use 
the money for better bands instead of paying an extra $8000 for a stage, portable toilets, 
and an expanded speaker system. Roundtable Pizza also absorbed some of the costs by 
providing food for the performers backstage. 

UCSD, like many colleges, has been host to a num\:;er of big acts before their careers 
took off. The Pretenders, U2, R.E.M., Pink Aoyd, and the Red Hot Chili Peppers have all 
played on campus before gaining popularity. Headliners Dramarama and Mary's Danish are 
both destined to attain such alternative success. Formed in 1982 by a group of high school 
friends in New Jersey, Dramarama has gone through many changes. Strangely enough, the 
band, which is now based in Los Angeles first gained their popularity in France. 

"It started with this one D.J .. He heard about us in a magazine called the Trouser Press . 
He started playing us on his station," lead singer/songwriter John Easdale said in a recent 
phone interview. "From that we got a deal with a French record company, New Rose 
Records, and we came out with our first full album, Cinema Viritae ." 

Music: 
Daddy Long Legs Creeps Up 
On San Diego P2 

During the summer of 1986, KROQ D.J. Rodney Bingenhimer played on his show a song 
that became the alternative music anthem of the 80's. Dramarama's first big hit, "Any-
thing, Anything (I'll Give You) ," brought the band to L.A., but Easdale didn't know that 
the song would be a success."We didn't put it first on the side or anything. We just buried 
it in the middle. It was just one of our songs. What got us to come out here [L.A.) was six 
months after the album was released, Rodney played it on his show, and then it went to the 
play list." 

Everything went well until their European tour two years ago. After touring France in 
a van, fights broke out among band members and they returned to the United States. 

"After we got back from France, we all lived together and everyone moved out of the 
house on me, and I was all alone. I was going to make a solo album and I was really upset. 
I wrote all of those songs in a week's time. It came pouring out," Easdale confessed. 

As for the festival, Easdale is excited about headlining. "We've never been the large act 
of the day. It's something new for us - it's interesting, and I'm surprised since there are 
some really great acts playing." 

Unlike Dramarama, Mary's Danish isrelatively new to the music scene. Fonned in 1987, 
the band released their debut album, there goes the worukTtruck ... , last year and took college 
radio by stonn with their big hit, "Don't Crash the Car Tonight." 

French majors at U.c. Berkeley, lead singers/lyricists Gretchen Seager and Julie Ritter 
met and started writing songs about the surrounding areas . After moving to L.A., the two 
gathered local musicians to create Mary's Danish. 

What makes Mary's Danish so attractive is its mesh of various styles of music, from punk 
to country and funk. Each member of the band comes from a different musical background. 
Guitarist Louis Gutierrez has worked with the Three O'Clock and Louis & Clark (he co-
wrote the Bangles hit, "Walking Down Your Srreet") , while drummer J.B. has toured with 
Anita Baker and Jeffrey Osbourne. 

Even before they finish their first major tour, Mary's Danish is releasing an EP comprised 
of all new studio material. Once they conclude their U.S. tour, they are headed to 
Europe for a summer tour and then back to the studio to record a follow-up album, 
which should be released in October. 

The New Music Festival is an excellent chance to hear your favorite bands or to 
check out bands that you have never hard of. In any case, bring a picnic basket, some 
sunscreen, and come watch the future of alternative music. 

New MusicFestival Schedule of Events: 

12:00-1:00 p.m . 
1 :30-2:30 p.m. 
3:00-4:00 p.m, 
4:30-6:00 p.m. 

lfTomorrow 
Special Surpris; Guest 
Mary's Danish 
Dramarama 

Mary's Danish will be at Assorted Vinyl from 1-1 :30 p.m., 
and Dramarama will be there from 2:30-3:00 p.m. to sign 
autographs and meet the public, 

Albums: 
Hiatus Reviews The Beautifu l 
South, Michael Penn, P3 



Beer Trivia for the Intenectual 
Q: Which of the following American forefathers was a • 

brewer by hobby or profession: Samuel Adams. William Penn, 
Thomas Jefferson, George Washington? 

A: They all were. Sam Adams was a brewer by profession. 
William Penn hadbrewingVlltson hisPennsburyestare. George 
WashingtOn brewed his own at Mount Vernon. Thomas Jeffer-
son collected books on brewing, and with these volumes and 
others he formed the Library of Congress. 

Q: Which of the following cities brews the most beer: 
Olympia, Milwaukee, Los Angeles, St. Louis, Denver? 

A: Wrong. It's LA. 
Q: Which ten states have the greatest per capita beer 

consumption? 
A: Nevada (7.8 beers per we~k per resident). Wisconsin 

(7.0). New Hampshire (6.8), Montana (6.7), Wyoming (6.6), 
Texas (6.5), Arizona (6.4), Hawaii (6.2), Washington, D.C. 
(6.0), Colorado (5.9). 

Party Safe - Don't Drink and Drive 
'I'M GuMIMn doea not ccmdoIw the oansumpllon of aJcohoI by minora. 

R~printed with permiuion from 1'hc Complcre BooIc of Bc.:r Drinking 
~ by Rand. Griscom, and Johnston. C 1989. Available at bookstores or 
from MuslMg Pub1i$hing. PO Box 9327. New Haven. CT 06533 (S5.95 plus 
$1.50 pootagef 

Mira M ... 7: Edwarels W •• tth .. len 
566-1917 

Hunt for Red October Spocecllnvaders 
Short Time Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 

Pretty Woman The Gods Must Be Crazy II Q & A 

Unly.nlty T .... Cen .... 6 
452-7766 

I Love You to Death Q & A Impulse 
The Gods Must Be Crazy II The Guardian 
The Cook, The Thief, His Wife & Her Lover 

La .1.11. Villa.. TII •• len 
453-7831 

Short Time Tales From The Darkside 
Class of 1999 Pretty Woman 

thru May 17 Santa Sangre 

SUMMER ACTING 
WORKSHOP 
Beginning through advanced 

The Emmy-nominated director of: 
• L.A. LAW • HOOPIRMAN 

• DYNASTY • LIFI GOIS ON 

will be conducting a special summer 
session in Newport Beach 

Call (714) 252-7454 

11e Local s~ 
By KENDY HURD maybe funkaragaskajametalicoreclecticalismic. 
Contributing Writer All semantics aside, Daddy Long Legs is a band 
"Gene Simmons did not know what todo for the that noone should let pass by. They are a consci-
band. At one point he was convinced they entious collection: "This is our religion. We're 
shQuld change their name to Daddy Long Legs, trying to make this a lifestyle. not follow some type 
but Van Halen did not agree." of fad," Damien asserted. 

- from Van Halen, by Gordon Matthews The music is the most important aspect, every-
"Daddy Long Legs came from the cosmos ... we thing else is merely a subdivision. "Scientifically 
came from outer space. We used to be really good speaking, this is all held together by vibrationsand 
friends with Van Halen. We told them not to they are vibrating in rhythm, so it's all music." 
take our name .. the cosmos told them." Damien explained. 

-Damien All the members believe they are in an up-
With these swing.Themo-

grandiosewords, tivation and 
precluded by the ideas are 
scripture from a flowingwell,so 
teen rock-bio, it would be a 
Daddy Long Legs most beneficial 
emerges as the time to catch 
only band in the this band of 
San Diego plenty. Per-
"scene" with a sonalsuccess is 
cosmic mission, a there for them 
stellar power to despite the 
shake your doo- usual block-
hickey and free ades like insen-
your ass. sitive club 

Four men are owners or clod-
called Daddy dishslamdanc-
Long Legs. none Daddy Long Legs-a self-portrait. ers. "We don't 
of whom (thanks to cosmic intervention) have promote slamming." Watson said. "We are not a 
recently opened a bar in Cabo San Lucas. No, punk band," Damien agreed. The other members 
these four are the real . had no comment. 
thing: Damien on vo-
cals and bass; Mike 
Watson on guitar; Brian 

Daddy long Legs But, their music is without a doubt full of 
energy and spirit. Eve-

rything they try to achieve both with themselves 
and with the audience is in the hopes of elevating 
the music. 

Jordanon bass, keyboards. and guitar; and Robert 
Walter on drums. 

A recent interview proved that these four are 
wise, musical. and spiritual brothers who are des-
tined for greamess. They combine their minds to 
come up with a truly different sound. And don't 
worry about their attitude-they are not pLaying 
just for money. "because there is none," as Watson 
so adeptly put it. 

This philosophy branches out beyond Daddy 
Long Legs as seen in their Fountainhead projects 
(purely improvised, multi-rhythmic. many col-
ored, orgasmic, experimental musiC) and their 
plan for opening a club (perhaps a link with Van 
Halen?) where there are owners who care about 
the bands and where people can come and release 
their positive energy. 

Finding their present form, or a close resem-
blance to ['t, around 1985, Daddy Long Legs has 
been a presence on the local scene for a number 
of years. Of course. some people may know them 
from one of their other incarnations like Dragon-
feather (gothic metal), Dread Alert (reggae), 
Bad Attitude, or maybe even Damien and Brian's 
first band. The Seduction Crew (Gerri-curl funk). 
It is easy to understand then, that Daddy Long 
Legs has had a jum bled past, making their sound 
unclassifiable-the closest description being 

If your curiosity has been stimulated by the 
tales of the arachnid phenomenon, or if you just 
want to see th em again, here are a few dates to 
note. May 5 at the Bahia; May 11 at the Sports 
Arena; May 12 at the UCSD Triton Pub; May 18 
at t he Bachanal; May 19 at the Triton Pub; June 
9 again at the Triton Pub, but this time in the 
Fountainhead project. All shows will begin around 
8p.m. 

Engmeer 
ASSOCIATE APPLICA nONS 

ENGINEER 
SALES SUPPORT 

lorallllSlll.rTl8lUli. one of 22 ~ 01 
lora! CoIporlmon. dediaIIed 10 lie das91 
MId manufacue of sop/Iis1icaI8d 

~ MId II1aIysis IIYionics and 
1eIemeIry insUumanIaIion. has ill irnrnecbI 
operjng lor ill Associate (eniy 1ewI) 

~~. 
The sucx:essf1A candida1e willlaaTl with LI 
sales engr-s to provide tIdlnlcaI support 
Ioi product demonslrations to rusIofn8rs 
aaoss lie UnitId SlIIes (25% 11l'1li). You 
will iiso be dernor5traling apjilCalions MId 
deliveling technical presentalions 10 
aJStomet'S in support 01 both IYionk:s MId 
telemetry proWds. 
Requirements indude BSCS 01 closely 
related 4-year te<:hnical degree (or 
equivalent wort< experience). strong CO!M1I' 
nicalion sklls. tile lilliiii)' to WOI1I efteaivety 
witI1 a wide rangG of people. and koowIedge 
and experien<:e with C MId UNIX. 
H you Warll to WOI1I in a chalengllg, last 
paced orgarliza1ior1thal oilers compeiitive 
salary MId benefits MId thai encoorages 
creaIiYe oonlnbutions from t1V8f'f employee. 
then please send YIlI'r cover letler iIld 
resume to: 

Professional Staffing 
LORAL INSTRUMENTATION 

8401 Aero Drive 
San Diego, CA 92123·1720 

Equal Opportunity E/r4lIOyer 

2 HIATUS APRIL 26 1990 

Your Decision. Ybur Choice. 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immediate 

Test Results 
• Pregnancy 

Termination 
• Gen eral or Local 

Anesthesia 
• Affordable 

Birth Control 
• Student Discount 

'l1Ie College Line 
535-1379 

r.r;r;t ,L ' ~RCriOICe 
fflmily Plllnnin! 

Associlltes 
Mediclll GrollP 

The 
Beautll\d 

South 
The Beautiful South 
Welcome To The Beauti/1d South 
Elektra Records 

Finally, a band that ventures 
out inro musical ground similar to 
the original route of the Smiths. 
Welcome To The Beautiful South, 
the debut album from Britain'sThe 
Beautiful South, prevails over 
conventional. "everyday" pop 
music. It satirizes. mocks, and trivi-
alizes issues in an attempt to com-
bine the making of music with the 
voicing of meaningful messages. 

The Beautiful South resembles 
American groups such as the B-
52s and Oingo Boingo. These three 
bands have an extremely faithful 
follOWing at home, but they re-
main within that realm. rather than 
going international. They have not 
yet successfully reached listeners 
overseas. 

Two members of the band, Pau I 
Heaton (vocalist) and Dave 
Hemmingway (drummer), come 
from the former group. the House-
martins, which was one of most 

influential British bands of the mid-
80s. They decided to form The 
Beautiful South with three other 
musicians. 

The five of them are just a group 
of guys having some fun while they 
make light of some heavy subjects. 
In songs like "I'll Sail This Ship 
Alone" and "You Keep It Allin," 
Heaton maintains his past House-
martins sonance. but his overall 
vocal style has expanded and 
changed since his previous album 
work. 

The simple lyrics are unlike 
other artists' who try to grasp a 
theme with heavy, obscure meta-
phors or elevated diction. In cuts 
such as "Song For Whoever" and 
"1 Love You (B'ut You're Boring)," 
blatant sarcasm is used to poke fun 
at bewildermg relationships. 

"Women In The Wall"isacon-
demnation of abusive behavior and 
alcoholism convoluted ina ballad, 
resulting in an urgent plea for 

. women's rights. Other topics deal 
with nationalism, political trends, 
public indecisiveness. and work-
ing conditions. 

Their pop melodies contain a 
diversified range of instruments 
which add to their vocal innova-
tiveness. The music has an uplift-
ing. jovial, emotional twist which 
addresses important issues with a 
playful tone. 

I f you adore the Smiths and are 
open to other prolific and inven-

tive works, then definitely catch 
The Beautiful South. 

Michael Penn 
March 

- C.L. Udell 

RCA/BMG Records 
There are two types of albums 

in this world: great ones that you 
listen to over and over until you 
know every song by heart. and 
pitiful ones that have one or two 
good cuts while the rest is trash. 
Michael Penn's debut album. 
March, unfortunately falls into the 
second category. 

The first thing that becomes 
apparent while listening to the 
entire album is that Penn's voice is 
very weak, making what are fairly 
good lyrics unmoving and emo-
tionless. His vocals are drowned 
out by his back-ups in a couple of 
the songs, especially in "Bedlam 
Boys." 

With this song, his back-up 
singers can actually sing; yet. their 
voices mixed with Penn's awk-
ward crooning make the listeners 
cringe at all of the missed notes. 

To his credit, Penn did manage 
one decent song off the album. But 
there's a catch. His latest Single. 
"This And That," sounds strik-

ASSORTED 

' -5 -DANISH 
AND 

MARAMA 
IN PERSON 
.,--~ AFTERNOON 

ingly familiar. Upon investigation, 
it becomes painfully apparent that 
"This And That" is a lot like "No 
Myth" in melody, bass line, and 
guitar. At least he's consistent. 

Don't count Penn out entirely, 
though. His jovial guitar sounds 
show potential and if he makes a 
second album, it will probably 
surpass the quality of this debut. 

If you are thinking of buying 
March because you really liked "No 
Myth," don't. Save your money 
and buy the single. If, however, 
you like to listen to the kind of 
bands found practicing in garages, 
March is the album for you. 

. - Julie Sherman 

The Silos 
The Silos 
RCA Records 

Every now and then an album 
reaches the surface of the music 
scene stripped away of any preten-
tiousness. The Silos' latest self-
titled release definitely falls under 
that naked category. Their honest 
and simple approach to music and 
songwriting establishes them as a 
fresh addition to American mu ic. 

It's difficult to pin the Silos 
down to any specific style of music. 

Each song on the album seems to 
have its own personality, ranging 
from the aggressively rocking 
"Anyway You Choose Me" ro the 
loveable duct ballad, "The Only 
Story I Tell," featuring the child-
like vocals of Amy Allison. Rela-
tively speaking, their music could 
loosely be defined as folk-rock, 
overlooking a few punches of rock 
'n' roll with a hint of blue-grass. 

If there's a word that describes 
this album as a whole, it's subtlety. 
Although The Silos have a lot to 
say in their songs about betrayal, 
love, innocence, frust.ation, and 
the wonders of life, they don't hit 
you over the head with "a mes-
sage." 

Thealbum is full of unexpected, 
ear-catching surprises. Within a 
single song, the mood changes from 
a simple background of acou tic 
guitar to a full forced. wild mix of 
bass, drums. electric guitar, vio-
lins. and piano. 

As a mature follow-up to their 
independently-released album 
Cuba. The Silos is their premiere 
release on RCA records. The credit 
of the adequately sparse produc-
tion on the album is gi ven to Peter 
Moore, the Canadian producer 
behind the enchanting. mellow 
sounds of the Cowboy Junkies. 

Through the beautifully de-
tailed, yet (dare I use this word 
again) subtle instrumentation on 
the album, it is obvious that the 
Florida-based band, led by guitar-
ists/vocalists WalterSalas-Humara 
and Bob Rupe, is comprised of 
accomplished musicians. They 

See ALBUMS, page -+ 



Surrounded by 'Fences' 
By ROD DOSSEY 
Contributing Writer 

swear t uphold his respo ibilities 
to hi family . 

each cene build upon the last to 
heighten the play. 

"A fence can be built for two 
reasons, to keep people out or to keep 
them in." 

Troy, played by Antonio 
John on, is transformed fr m being 
a dominating father to being a 

Each ten in-filled cenc ends 
with a powerful blow to the audi-
en e before a blackout, leaving 
the audience b gging for the next 

-Jim Bono, "Fences" 
Likewi e, a play can be written 

for two reason: to tell a story or to 
create a picture of a different life. 
August Wilson's play "Fen es," 
currently at the Lyceum Theatre, 

trang r in hi own home. He 
plays the man who nce knew 
better day- and alway dreamed of 
bigger thing . Hi overwhelming 
strength hold the play tog ther a 
hi life fall apart around him and 
he 10 touch with hi wife, sons, 

cene to begin. When the play was 
finally over, Wilson had n atly 
tied up all the I 0 e end and 
brought the tory together into a 
atisfying conclu ion. 

The outheast Community 
paints a picture for 
the audience of a 
black family in 
Alabama during 
the '50 . 

Like Rem-
brandt' mixmgof 
color to create a 
mood in hi por-
traits, Wil on has 
hown u with 

ma terfully-
crafted language a 
blending of fam-
Ily life and egre-
gation. Word 
a lone wi 11 not 
bring a play to life. 

Gail Johnson/Guardian 

Theatre's excel-
lent produ tion 
is full of energy 
and delivers a 
message for ev-

Pro-

jun tion with 
Contempory 
Black Art at 
UC 0, the play 
i performed on 
a surpri ing ly 
simple et. 

even very tal-
ented actors and Antonio Johnson (Troy) and Shanga Parker (Cory) in 'Fences '. 

As the play 
progresses the 
only change in 
the set is the in-
complete fence 
that is built 

actre es in pired 
the audience with theIr rendition 
of Wilson's Pulitzer Prize-winning 
play. 

brother, and friend . 
around the yard, 

symbolizing Troy's entrapment. 
"Fences" doesn't have any pervad-
ing plot. The story is like an empty 
canvas that requires the talents of 
the actors to create a picture of 
another life in a different time, 
which they have done with the 
skill of a master painter. 

Theplay is et in the South just 
prior to the civil rights movement. 
!t tells the story of Troy Maxson 
after he has settled down to make 
a living for his family. Troy had 
once been a star baseball player in 
the negro leagues, but becomes a 
garbage man. 

The audience maintains a love-
hate relationship with Troy as he 
dominates his family, refuses his 
son a chance to go to college, and 
cheats on his wife. At the same 
time, he struggles with death or 

The supporting roles are played 
by six very powerful actors, includ-
ing a particularly good perform-
ance by UCSO graduate student 
Shanga Parker as Cory, Troy's 
younger son. Cory rebels against 
his father and in a highly dramatic 
scene is kicked out of the house. 
Joel Brisker should also be com-
mended for his portrayal of Troy's 
eccentric brother Gabriel, a 
wounded World War II veteran. 

The other players also presented 
strong characters, resulting in an 
excellent ensemble of performers 
that derive energy from within as 

All That Jazz ... 

Dance Co. Premieres at MoCA 
By MELINDA HAMILTON 
Staff Writer 

Jazz Unlimited Dance Company will be 
performing Friday, Saturday and Sunday at the 
Sherwood Auditorium in La Jolla's Museum of 
Contemporary Art . The 90 minute show in-
cludes six dances, four of which are making a 
debut. 

The company, founded in 1981 by current 
director Patricia Rincon, combines jazz and 
modem dance to produce a new hybrid dance. 
The dancers have performed in San Diego, Los 
Angeles, Europe and Mexico. 

One of Rincon's premiere works, "Las Oeci-
siones," deals with issues surrounding the bor-
der. The dance, choreographed in three sec-
tions, tries to express the conflicts people feel in 
their lives connected to it. Rincon, who is of 
Mexican descent, said, "It is like looking at your 
own culture through different eyes." 

The first section concentrates on how people 
make the decision to leave their home and 
families and risk crossing the border. (In the 
dance, the dancers use the wall at the back of 
the stage to repre ent Mexico, while the audi-
ence represents the United States.) 

The piece features dancer Bruno Bosardi in 
a solo in the second section as a young man who 
has to deal with finding his family who have 
"disappeared." 

The third part explores the relationship be-

tween men and women and how Latin males 
treat their women badly, according to Rincon. 

"!t's part of their culture," Rincon explained. 
"The women love it, thrive on it. There's the 
conflict of not giving in, the struggle of not giving 
in ... but they give in for love." 

"Field of Fire," another premiere work by 
assistant choreographer Melissa Nunn, is an 
abstract modern piece. The themes within are 
portrayed by pure movement, according to N unn. 

"There is a sense of doom," Nunn said. She 
added that there is a space on the stage that is 
dangerous to the dancers, but they keep trying to 
penetrate it. When they do, Nunn said, there is 
the sound of explosions and gunshots in the 
musical score. 

Artistic director Alicia Rincon choreographed 
the last premiere, "Pas age." The jazz dance 
features a trio performance with Suzanne Fernan-
dez, Richard Bulda and Manuel Alcantara. 

The sixth dance, choreographed by Patricia 
Rin on and titled "Grounded," explores rela-
tionships between men and women. According 
to its creator, "Grounded" looks at relationships 
that are not necessarily normal. "It's a very 
exotic, sensual piece," Rincon said. 

DANCE: Jazz Unlimited Dance Company, Fri.-Sun., 
May 11 ·13, 8 p.m.(Fri.-Sar.) and 7 p.m.(Sun.), Museum 
of Contemporary An, 700 Pl'O$peCtSueet, LaJoLIa. Tick-
ers $14 general admission. $10 students, seniors and La 
Jolla Museum Members. 278·T1XS. For more informa-
tion. call (619) 632·5340. 

4 HIATUS MAY 10 1 (N() 

AlbuOls 
continued from page 3 

killfully u e their talent without 
throwing it in your fa e. 

There's been a lot of well-de-
erved pre and hype about this 

album, butw rdsdon'tgive nearly 
enough ju tice to th Silos' dis-
tinct ound. It's be t to just listen 
and enjoy it yourself. 

- Dara Ghahremani 

Richard Elliot 
Take to the Skies 
Intima Records 

Take to the Skies is Richard 
Elliot's fourth 010 album. Elliot, 
be t known for the half-decade he. 
spent with the legendary Tower of 
Power, served as lead tenor with 
the group's famous hom section 
from 1983 until two years ago. 
During that tenure he and the 
Tower horns backed up numerous 
musicians and went on a lengthy 
tour augmenting the sound ofHuey 
Lewis and the News. 

Besides his work with Tower of 
Power, Elliot has recorded and 
toured wi th a variety of artists such 
as Rickie Lee Jones, Smokey 
Robinson, and the Temptations. 

The current LP, which takes its 
title from Elliot's love of flying, is 
a testament to smooth, lush, me-
lodic, and engrossing sounds. El-
liot is not what you would call a 
player of traditional jazz. His mu-
sic is influenced by different kinds 
of musical styles like jazz, rhythm 
and blues, and Latin American 
music. 

Nor can the album be charac-
terized as being very innovative. It 
makes you feel like you have heard 
this music before. 

If you are looking for a little 
relaxation after a hard day of work, 
Elliot's latest release is a great way 
to unwind. You may even fall asleep 
without realizing it. 

- Christel Varenne 

Cowboy Ju nkies 
The Caution Horses 
RCA 

Listening to the latest RCA 
release by The Cowboy Junkies, it 
is not hard to understand how and 
why this Toronto quartet picked 
such a unique name for their band. 
With obvious influences in coun-
try-western music, The Cowboy 
Junkies blend the Bohemian folk 
of Joan Baez with the ounds of 
Merle Haggard.What results is a 
very tedious, unoriginal album. 

Only two of the album's 10 cuts 
are seemingly different. The Neil 
Young p nned "Powderfinger" is 

pr bably the album' best offering, 
simply becau e lead inger Margo 
Timmins' voice i not lost among 
the melodic ounds of guitars, slide 
guitars, and harm nicas. "Escape 
Is 0 Simple" al a stand out due 
to the fact that the addition of the 
mandolin, played by Jeff Bird, adds 
omcthingdiffer nt to the monot-

ony of the aforementioned instru-
ments. 

Probably the m st disappoint-
ing th ing about The Caution Horses 
is that The Cowboy Junkies dis-
play no real mastery of music. Each 
song begins, c ntinues, and ends 
with the exact same feel, deviating 
very little from the country folk 
sound that made the Junkies one 
of Canada's top musical exports of 
the late-'80 . 

From this album it appears that 
the Junkies are mUSically lost and 
unable to escape the specter that 
made them so popular over the 
past year. This translates into a 
rather monotonous album with 
very little mu ical direction leav-
ing this Bohemian hick to exclaim, 
"Boy howdy! Pass the roach-clip." 

- James Darlow 

titde Feat 
Representing the Mambo 
Warner Bros. 

Another big step for little Feat 
is what you'll find when you listen 
to their newest release, Represent-
ingtheMambo. Entering their third 
decade together, Little Feat con-
tinue to generate an enticing multi-
formatted, American-style music. 

This album has a distinctively 
American sound, including R&B, 
jazz, blues and classic rock and roll. 
Many of the songs take place in 
the Deep South or in Texas, al-
though this is not a country band. 
They do play memorable country 
style songs about a run-in with a 
6'5" Texas Ranger ("Those Feat 
Will Steer You Wrong Some-
times") and the dining delights of 
Mama's Gumbo ("Rad Gumbo"). 
The zenith of the album is defi-
nitely the upbeat, positive feel of 
rock and jazz. 

The survival of Little Feat has 
bet!n no small feat. From its origins 
in 1969, the band has endured 
countlesssttuggies both in the band 
and in the industry. With the death 
of Lowell George in 1979, the 
band split up for seven years. Five 
of the original members (Bill 
Payne, Paul Barrere, Richie Hay-
ward, Kenny Gradney, and Sam 
Clayton) got together. in 1985 for 
what they imagined as a one-time 
only jam. R't!cruiting Craig Fuller 
and Fred Tackett, the revitalized 
group set out to record "Let it Roll." 
The result was a reemergence of 
the band as a milestone in Ameri-
can music. 

Overall, the playing on the 
album is tight and clear. None of 
the seven instruments are over-
whelming. The band members 
work with complicated pieces and 
succeed in fUSing it all together to 
form clear and in ightful songs. 

- Derek Schaible 


