
Inside ... 
• OPINION .... ..... .4 FEATURES SPORTS HIATUS 
• FEATURES .... .. .. 8 Hardcore Students Red Flag To Play 

Tomorrow~ TG H 6 
The Fields 
01 Dreams • HIATUS .. .. .. ... HI 

• SPORTS ......... .. 14 Malee Film 8 74 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 69, #3 THURSDAY, JANUARY 11 , 1990 

DC Sells Escondido Property 
Against Benefactor's Wishes 
Land Donated By Elderly Woman On Condition That It 
Not Be Sold Before Her Death Sold By UC For $80,000 
By SETH SLATER 
Editor In Chief 

Not all gift-giving brings joy to 
the generous. 

So learned 88-year-old Frances 
Ryan of Escondido, who 16 years 
ago gave the land she had called 
home her entire life to the Univer-
sity of California, only to have it 
sold again t her wishes. 

Nestled at the foot of 
Escondido's rolling hills just out-
side the city proper, the house 
Ryan's father built near the turn of 
the century lie under a large oak 
tree, where Ryan lives alone. She 
is a slow-moving, fast-talking 
woman whose vanquished dreams 
have not altered her fiery nature, 
and under the shade of her favorite 
tree on a recent afternoon she re-
counted a story of generosity and 
betrayal. 

tions ' enjoyment and education." 
The plan to donate the land 

began in 1951 on Ryan's wedding 
day. 

"We said on that day [that] 
someday this ought to be a park," 
Ryan recalled. "It ought to be a 
little bit of old Escondido in the 
natural state of God's handiwork." 

The Ryans attempted to ensure 
the dream by donating their Ryan 
Oak Glen Reserve (ROGR) to the 
"educated people" of the Univer-
sity, and by stipulating in their gift 
letter that the land could only 
change hands after their deaths. 
And then, only if the University 
determined "that circumstances no 
longer penoit beneficial use" of 
the reserve. 

But, in Septemberof 1988, with 
widowed Frances Ryan alive and 
well, the University sold the land 

anyway. 
"I think, over the years, we came 

to realize that you need 300 to 500 
acres or even more to make a vi-
able site," said Natural Reserve 
System Director J. Roger 
Samuelsen, under whose recom-
mendation the UC Regents sold 
the donated land to a local couple 
for $80,000. 

To Ryan, the sale came as a 
colossal blow, even though he 
had approved it, believing that he 
had no viable alternative. 

"It was like a death," Ryan said. 
"I just thought I should leave 
Escondido, move away." 

But Ryan couldn't move away. 
The land, she said, repre ents more 
than a tree-dotted chunk of hill 
country to her. 

"It's been my birth place, it 's 
See GLEN, page 3 

Frances Ryan, 88, stands by the plaque commemorating her 
donation of the now-sold Ryan Oak Glen Reserve. 

Frances Ryan anq her late hus-
band, artist Lewis Ryan, donated 
their 15 acres ofland to the Univer-
sity of California's Natural Re-
serve System (NRS) on Dec. 26, 
1973 as a "Christmas present" to 
Frances' alma mater (she gradu-
ated from UCLA in 1925). They 
had hoped, Ryan said, to preserve 
"a postage stamp of Escondido as 
it was . . . for the future genera-

A.S. Discusses Media Funding, RIMAe Plan 
By MARY BETTY HEARD 
StajfWriter 

Tempers flared and the debate 
was heated at last night's A.S. 
meeting as members discussed the 
proposed recreational center and 
funding for media equipment. 

Schoenberg Charges Lifted 
By NICOLA WHITEHEAD 

Sta/lWri/~r 

After pre-uial negotiations Monday with the San Diego Oty 
Attorney's office, the misdemeanor cbarps against Amie'Schocn-
berg for his pan in the Price Center proteIt last April were)ifted. 

According to UCSD police reports, Schoenberg's part in the 
protest involved malicious mischief. He alleaedl.Y popped balloons 
and resisted, obstructed, and delayed an officer in the line of duty. 

The charges of malicious mischief and resisting, obstructing, and 
delaying an officer were dropped, while Schoenberg pleaded guilty 
to disturbing the peace. The infraction carried a $150 fine, which 
was suspended. 

Monday's decision came on the heels of a noon-time rally last 
Friday organized to show UCSD student support for Schoenberg. 
Rally participants also called for makiDa the Price Center a tiec 
speech area. 

Schoenberg was, for the most pan. pleued with the result of 
Monday's negotiations,and said that be considers it ". 90 percent 
victory." 

'1be other 1 o percent would be [ifI were] clear, completely free, 
but this saved the hassle of a trial. I'm pretty happy with [the 
negotiation]. It's a burden off my shoulders," he continued. 

The City Attorney's office was unavailable for comment. 
Three of the other protesters arrested in the April protest opted to 

reach an infonnal resolution with the resident deans of their respec-
tive colleges, and one protester had his case heard before the Muir 
Judicial Board. 

On Febuary 6, 7, and 8, the A.S. 
will hold a referendum on the 
approval of RIMAC, the Recrea-
tion/Intramural/Athletic & Event 
Center. RIMAC, if approved, will 
be an athletic facility offering bas-
ketball and volleyball courts, 
weight training rooms, seating for 
up to 5,000 spectators, multipur-
pose rooms, and classrooms. 

be charged to students as soon as 
RIMAC opened and would in-
crease by $5 every five years until 
RIMAC is paid for. Then the fee 
will be fixed at a certain amount 
per quarter to pay the cost of run-
ning RIMAC. Projections indicate 
that this fee would hegin to be 
collected in the academic year 
1993-94. 

to be able to decrease the student 
fee. 

"There are plans to have a sum-
mer camp . .. and other events to 
produce revenue outside of stu-
dent activity," said Paul Lanning, 
a member of the RIMAC Planning 
Committee. 

According to the UCSD Policy 
and Procedures Manual, a 20 per-
cent voter turnout is needed for the 
referendum to be considered valid. 
Of that 20 percent, two-thirds of 

The referendum will specifi-
cally address the fee for students 
that would be necessary to pay for 
RIMAC. A quarterly $70 fee would 

The RIMAC Planning Commit-
tee also hopes for large sponsors to 
help fund the Center. If sponsors 
can be found, the committee hopes See A.S., page 7 

Report Advises U C Phase-Out 
Of Livermore, Los Alamos Labs 
By CHRIS STEINS 
Contributing Writer 

A faculty committee fonned by the UC Academic 
Council to examine ~he relationship between the UC 
and the Los Alamos and Lawrence Livennore Na-
tional Laboratories recently concluded that the UC 
should relinquish responsibility for the laboratories. 

According to the Academic Senate Advisory 
Committee report, six out of the eight committee 
members uggested that the UC "phase out its respon-
sibility for operating the laboratorie while maintain-
ing its cooperative relationship with them in teaching 
and research." 

The two dissenting members felt that "it is not clear 
that a total contractual break i required, and uggest 
that consideration be given to a separate corporate 
body to operate the laboratorie within the University's 
legal tructure." 

According to David Krogh, poke man for the A -

embly of the Academic Senate, the committee' 
report is intended to "inform UC faculty members, 
should they choose to play an advisory role in the 
University's decision on this question." 

The Department of Energy contracted the UC to 
manage the Los Alamos Lab in the early forties. 
According to the Advisory Committee's report, the 
labs' "primary assignment is to maintain the United 
States' technological lead in the realm of nuclear 
weaponry." 

The UC began managing the Lo Alamo Labora-
tory in New Mexico when it was chosen in 1943 as 
the ite for research and production of the uranium-
235 and plutoni urn bombs that deva tated Hiroshima 
and Nagasaki, re pectively, according to the report. 

Over the following five years, the Lawrence Liv-
ermore Laboratory was e tablished in Livermore, 
California, and in 1952 the University of California 
was contracted to manage the second lab as well. 

See LABS, page 7 



UCNEWS J 
UCSB Student Dies at Concert 

A second-year student at UCSB, celebrating the end 
of finals at a Grateful Dead concert in Los Angeles last 
month, died from "compression of the neck" while being 
restrained by Inglewood police outside the concert, the 
L.A. County Coroner's Office said. 

Nineteen-year-oldPatrick Shanahan was pronounced 
dead Dec. 10 at Daniel Freeman Memorial Hospital in 
Inglewood. 

The coroner' s report said Shanahan d ied from neck 
injuries sustained during an altercation with police out-
side the Forum in Inglewood, where officers sought to 
arrest him for public intoxication after reportedly spot-
ting him on his hand and knees creaming. 

The autopsy also listed "m ultiple injuries and acute 
LSD intoxication" as contributing factors in the death of 
the Fountain Valley resident .. 

A spokesman for the L.A. County District Attomey's 
Office said Shanahan's death is under investigation. 

Patrick Whalen 
Daily Nexus 

UCLA Contemplates ROTC Ban 
Although a UC policy prohibits discrimination based 

on exual orientation, the university cannot ask the mili-
tary and its campus ROTC programs to stop refusing to 
admit gays and lesbians from its ranks because both rules 
are both upheld by courts and no one has challenged their 
co-existence, spokesman Paul West said. 

The Reserved Officer Training Corps and its policy 
are drawing attention from students across the country 
after the University of Wisconsin ' s faculty urged the uni-
versity to end ROTC programs there. 

The faculty members recently voted to request their 
Board of Regents to terminate the ROTC contract with 
the federal government in 1993 if the military does not lift 
its ban. 

Students at UCLA are trying to determine whether the 
corps ' policy contradicts the University policy. 

Legal or not, ROTC's policy "goes against the prin-
ciple of equality the University should achieve," said 
UCLA student Rick Villasenor, a Wisconsin alumnus 

Calvin a nd Hobbes 

cw. HO@8'tS, 
~T\\E 
SlJITON ~t> 
DlJP\..ICA 1£ 

ME . 

ARE ~()J SlQ£ 
""" '5 I':. S\JC\.l 
'" GOOt> 1{lEA? 

1\\£ OIJPLI(J,TOI!, 
'fIw-:£()! ~, 

"'EEt I#.~ 
D\Jp\'IC",n: : 

0\1 e:>~ .' lI~~T 't\1ll. 
'fIE o\JI'lIC~ ~ 
VIR'S,? 

who had worked with the faculty there on the issue. 
UCLA's Gay and Le bian A sociation Co-Chairman 

Gary Murakam i said his group has not acted against 
ROTC because it is not aware of actual discrimination 
cases. 

Executive As istant for the undergraduate president 
Steve Gonzalez, a former ROTC cadet, said he has not 
decided to expel ROTC because he thinks military train-
ing has a place at UCLA. 

W. Kevin Leung 
UCLA Daily Bruin 

(~UCSDNEWSJ 
Career Exploration Week Slated 

Students can explore career options during Career 
Exploration Week, sponsored by the Career Services 
Center this spring. Students can test their career aspira-
tions by immersing themselves in an occupational set-
ting duri ng Spring Break. They will leam about the 
hierarchical structure and the types of positions in the 
fields they are pursuing. Last year, 30 students were 
placed. Applications are due Frday., Jan. 26. Space is 
limited. 

Leading AIDS Researcher Named 
Recipient Of New Research Chair 

Flossie Wong-Staal , a leading researcher on Ac-
quired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, has been ap-
pointed as the first recipient of the Florence Seeley 
Riford Chair for AIDS Research at UCSD. 

Wong-Staal, now at the National Cancer Institute in 
Bethesda, Maryland, became the Florence Seeley Riford 
Professor in the department of biology and medicine at 
UCSD Jan. I of this year. 

She plans to set up a collaborative program for devel-
oping vaccines against the AIDS virus, as well as con-
tinue her basic studies of the genes that regulate the 
reproduction and activity of the virus. 

"Dr. Wong-Staal is one of the world 's leading experts 
on AIDS," noted UCSD Chancellor Richard C. Atkin-
son. "Her pioneering work has opened exciting new 
areas of research that hold great promise for the future. 

'(~ ! !'OM w.ms 
!tiE. 10 C\.£/oN M'( 
\<001II, '50 l'U.. OIl · 
PllCf>.1'C I'I~~LF 

~D lET WE IN· 
P\..1Cf>.\E Do 1\\£ 
~~.' s~. 

I'D I1M£ TIl B£ ACCIJS8) 01' 
ItMSlnNG 5(lEI·mFIc. 
~S'5 ... 

FOR<i£, II, 81J8.' 
FINO S<lM£ O7IIER 
S\J(I<.£R 10 C\:) 
~OOR OIR1'l ~~ I 

by Bill Watterson 

1 CAN PICWR£ 1\£ LOO~ ot-\ 
~OIJQ. Pf..R~l{i'5' t KkS '.11\£1'1 

FIN[) 00, l\\l'f'IC 
S\I\lOC~L'i ~~O T'tIIII':. . 

i~'~ ~I ' M)1iiiiii!I ........ '---1.>1- I 

She is an outstanding choice as the first recipient of the 
Riford Chair." 

In 1984, Wong-Staal cloned HlV and was the fir t to 
analyze its molecular makeup. Her pioneering work 
helped to reveal for the fi rst time the complexity of the 
AIDS virus. 

CWO Kicks Off 1990 Film Series 
Heartland Reggae centers around Bob Marley's his-

toric "One Love Peace Concert" in which he was able to 
bring together arch political enemies Prime Minister 
Michael Manley and the opposition leader, Edward 
Seaga, on stage with him, and join hands in song. 
Utilizing an soundtrack, the performances generate an 
get-up-and-dance quality for a reggae film, while ex-
ploring the roots and widespread influence of reggae 
music. Jan. l2, TLH 107, 7 p.m., FREE. 

Interviews To Be Conducted On 
Campus For Finance Jobs 

Graduating seniors interested in finance jobs will be 
able to interview on campus for full-time positions at a 
special new program sponsored by the Career Services 
Center, Finance Interviewing Week, Feb. 5-9. Interested 
students must attend an orientation to on-campus inter-
views by Wednesday, Jan. 24. Check the master calendar 
of on-campus interviews on the second floor of the 
Career Center for a list of participating employers. 

UCSO Gospel Choir To Present 
Martin Luther King Day Concert 

UCSD's Gospel Choir will perform a commemora-
tiveconcert for Martin Luther King,Jr., at 8 p.m., Jan. 15, 
in the Mandeville Center Auditorium. The event is free 
and open to the public. Parking permits are now required 
and may be purchased for $1 at the Information Pavilion 
at the UCSD Gilman Drive entrance. 

Scripps Aquarium Offers Whale 
Watching Cruises This February 

Two additional excursion cruises to observe migrat-
ing whales off the coastline are being offered by Scripps 
Aquarium-Museum on Saturday, Feb. 3. Scripps natu-
ralists will lead two-hour cruises to watch gray whales as 
they migrate south for the winter. 

There will be two separate cruises in the morning; the 
first cruise will take place from 9 to 11 a.m. and the 
second cruise will be from II :30 a.m. to 1 :30 p.m. Cost 
for each cruise is $14 per person and advance reserva-
tions are required. 

These trips are in addition to already scheduled cruises 
at the same times on Sunday, Ian. 28 and Saturday, Feb. 
10. 

SPOTLIGHT) 
Air Defense Commander Will 
Address The 'War On Drugs' 

General John L. Piotrowski, commander in chief of 
the North American Air Defense and the United States 
Space Command, will speak on "Countering a National 
Epidemic: NORAD's Role in the War on Drugs," an 
address on the military's new role in the drug war. The 
Bush Administration has launched a massive war on 
drugs that involves U.S. military forces on land, sea, in 
the air, and in space. NORAD has been asked to detect 
and monitor illegal drug traffickers into and over the U.S. 
Gen. Piotrowski will outline his role in this effort, Thurs-
day, Jan. ll , 1990. Reception 11 :30 a.m., lunch l2:00 
noon, address 12:45, at the Admiral Kidd Club, Harbor 
Lounge, Naval Training Center. 

Children's Volunteers Needed 
Volunteers are needed at the Children's Waiting 

Room in the downtown family courthouse. Three and 
one-half hours a week will help thse children through 
a stressful time. For more information call 694-3211. 

Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason Snell, Associate News Editor 

Thursday, January 11, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

GLEN: Local Woman's Property Donation Sold Against Her Wishes 
continued from page 1 
been my home," she said. "I have a great 
feeling for Escondido." 

Her feeling for the land, she explained, is 
a personal one, inextricably tied to lifelong 
memories. 

"My life is very intertwined with the 
history of Escondido," she said, recalling 
her childhood days among the local no-
madic Indians and early homesteaders. 

Over the years, ROGR has been the foun-
tainhead of other fond memories for Ryan. 
With her enthusiasm for the telling of his-
tory, she can fill any listener's ear with 
stories of the good times that were had there. 

Before the University 's sale of the land, 
Ryan had hoped that her endowment would 
establish ROGR as the spawning ground of 
fond memories for others as well. 

to have a dream come true like that and, 
when they [enscribed] on that plaque 'gen-
erosity of the Ryans and the fulfillment of 
their life-long dream,' I said, 'They go along 
with our dream . . . we can 't miss.' 

"But this is a dream tumed into a night-
mare IS years later," Ryan continued, refer-
ring to the land sale. 

Ryan still doesn ' t fully understand why 
ROGR was sold. She suspects that the Uni-
versity was only interested in monetary gain 
and said that the UC officials involved with 
the sale have no appreciation for a 
land to which they 
have no physical 
ties. 

"None of 

"I don' t know that 1 have the language 
and the ability to pass on to ... anybody the :. 
feeling that I have and the vision, the dream g 
that I had for this place ... I hoped that we if 
would get a caretaker," she said. "I was ~ 
hoping that this [land] would be a growing .... ~: 
concern historically [and] naturally." .. 

When thl: UC accepted ROGR, Ryan 
s· said, she and her husband were thrilled, es- '" 

them were ever here," she said of the UC Re-
gents. "But they probably were sitting up 
there in back of thei r mahogany desks and 
their leather chairs try ing to run this place or 
say what [they were] to do with it. . .. I think, 
from the stan, they figured , 'We' ll take this 
and we' ll get a bunch of money from it. ' " 

It was on the day of the dedication cere-
mony that Ryan first experienced a twinge 
of regret over having bestowed her land 
upon the UC. 

Ryan recalls with disdain a dedication 
day speech in which a University official 
said, "We take reserves any way we can get 
them." 

"That was the first inkling we had that 
they were land and money hungry ," Ryan 
said. 

Years later, after her husband' s death, 
Ryan asked Samuelsen what the reserve's 
future held. She vi vidly recalls his response : 
"It 's getting more valuable." 

"If that doesn 't give you a clue, nothing 
will," Ryan said. 

Samuelsen, how-
ever, insists that the 

University was 
not seeking 

tary gain from the sale of the land. He said 
that a restrictive covenant was placed on 
ROGR that reduced the property value of 
the land by half because it ensures the pres-
ervation of roughly 13 of the reserve's 15 
acres. The sale, therefore, represented a "loss 
of revenue" for the University, the director 
said. 

Samuelson's goal in forming the cove-
nant, he said, " was to help Mrs. Ryan realize 
as close to [her] original objective as pos-
sible." 

According to Samuelsen, the sale was 
brought about by a variety of pressures, 
including the prospect of impending en-
croachment of surrounding areas by devel-
opers, the drying up of local streams, the 
small size of the reserve, the distance of the 
land from UC campuses, the lack of "sup-
pon facilities" such as dorms and research 
labs on the property, as well as Ryan 's own 
growing discontent with NRS management. 

Ryan has only disdain for such concerns. 
"Have we moved? Are we any farther 

along? Are we any smaller than when they 
took it?" she asked with contempt. 

pecially since several other organizations, mone -

But Samuelsen said that questions of size 
and distance are more important today than 
in 1973. He pointed out that the NRS pro-
gram was only six years old when it ac-
cepted Ryan 's land and said that now, after 
nearly 25 years of existence, the program 
would be less likely to welcome donations 
similar to Ryan's. 

including the Audobon Society, were un-
able to accept the land because they lacked 
the funding they said would be needed for its 
upkeep. 

Today, Ryan looks back on the dedica-
tion day of the reserve in 1975 with mixed 
emotions as she recalls the unveiling of a 
commemorative plaque by UC officials. 

"I couldn 't believe that we'd be so lucky Frances Ryan discus ses her former property, which was sold by the University. 

"Part of our reasoning [for accepting 
ROGR] was that we would be able to get 
surrounding [lands] . And as time has gone 

See GLEN, page 6 

SPECIAL FREE SCREENING 

K E VIN BACON 

OPENS IN THEATRES JANUARY 19th' 
January 16, Tuesday, 8:00 PM 

Mandeville Auditorium 
F ree P asse s a vaila ble at UCSD Box Office 

at Noon. Frid ay. Ja n _ 12 
- All S e ating Firs t Come, First Served -

Present e d by Univ e r s ity Event s & Student A ctivities 

UCSD 
SPECIAL 

-$2-1 
[Z3~J 

r-$I-
OFF • • OFF • • 

• • ANY • Fill CAMPUS DELIVERY • ANY 
• 

TO YOUR DOOR 
• LARGE 

• 
HR5: M-Th 11am-MID; 

• 
MEDIUM 

PIZZA Fri. -Sat. 11am-1am; PIZZA • Sun. 11 :3Oam-MID • LJ,', l'laawiG, &.0 .IfIIIa 
• 

8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
• LJ.', I'fDMIa, &.0 .10110 PI8S1! present coupon wMn ord. ring • 

La Jolla Vii/age Center 
• 

Pitas. pre''''' coupon 
455·0662 wlren ordtring 

The Best Shows in Town are at 

IDEO GALLERY 
We Have a 

HUGE SELECnoN OF 
NINTENDO GAMES FOR RENT 
at our NEW Ccnta Verde Location 

8750 GeneBBee • 450-1766 
,--------- - - -------, Bring This Ad and Get Second Day 
I Rental FREE on any Nintendo Game! I L __ ~_~·~ta~~~oo~. ~1-1/25/~ __ ~ 

NIEW _LEU IS' WI»eIr Hatty Met s.uy • Weekend lit SemI.'s 
We cater to studentsl • We have the ...... Iutloft 01 IlIOYIes (Inclualnt the finest 

foreWn film collection In the county) . .... CopIeI of the New Releases • No Mol..........., '- ....... Doys evety Monday and Thursday 
La Jolla Village Center near Ralph'. • 450-1554 
Hours: Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-9 pm/ Fri.-Sat. 11 am-l0 pm 

2 LOCATIONS 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 11, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER, Editor in Chief 
DA VID WYNER, Managing Editor 
ANTON BI1TNER, News Editor 
CA THERINE DILLE, News Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

Tire UCSD CIlOJ'tllmt is published ".ice _Iy ., me Universioy oCClliComil. San Di.go. Con, .. .. 
01990. V ...... ~ hcmn ""'"'"'" me maPi'Y .... OC .... cdilDrill boon!..nd ... ... 
_Iy'- OC .... UC _ oCR ........... ASUCSD_ ............ G_.wI. 

Criminal Justice 

Courting Disaster 
There is often a gap between reality and perception. But in 

public policy decisions, perception is usually more important. 
Take, for example, the criminal justice system. 

Manuel Noriega has been "brought to justice," according to 
the Bush Administration. But the perception most people have of 
justice is loopholes, plea bargains, legal tricks, and agonizingly 
slow procedures. Noriega could easily become a symbol of all 
that people fmd frustrating about our legal system. 

There was a time when the public had faith that justice would 
be done. Television shows like "Dragnet" ended with "and he 
was sentenced to five years in federal prison." Contrast this to 
"Hill Street Blues," in which a criminal was just as likely to be 
released on a technicality. 

There also exists a strong perception - and reality - that 
even the innocent have much to fear. An innocent accused of a 
crime can expect to become bankrupt and spend months, even 
years, fighting for freedom. People who would never consider 
themselves capable of committing a crime still worry that they 
may be caught in a Bonfire of the Vanities-style case, trapped in 
a legal system that is anything but blind, and facing a trial that is 
not "quick and speedy." 

More importantly, people perceive the legal system as far 
removed from democracy. Laws seem to be formed arbitrarily, or 
at the behest of special interests, and are often interpreted by 
judges who are not elected. 

The Bork battle only made things worse; many people aren't 
sure whose job it is to decide who goes on the Supreme Court, and 
very few people consider the issue of judicial appointments in the 
ballot box. People also think of the Supreme Court as far removed 
from their problems, such as bringing to justice the person who 
stole their stereo. . 

When people do have an opportunity to become involved, they 
usually have to try to avoid it. The McMartin child molestation 
case, which has dragged on for years, has become a symbol of 
why it's people feel it's a good idea to avoid jury duty. Anyone 
who is trying to build a career would fmd serving on a jury an un-
acceptable career risk. 

So what can be done? The situation is bleak. If Noriega does 
slip through the system, it's possible the outcry will be great 
enough that there will be some genuine reform. But the case is 
likely to drag on so long that no one will really care by the time 
it is resolved. More damaging, there are many tremendous stum-
bling blocks on the path to reform. 

Perhaps the most important is the lack of prison space. No one 
is willing to say, "OK, put the prison in my neighborhood." Quite 
the opposite, people would rather complain about the revolving 
door of justice than accept the idea that people have to be put 
somewhere. 

Another problem is that there is still tremendous ideological 
conflict about what should be done with criminals. Death row has 
swelled to a tremendous size, but executions are still scarce. 
Prison programs that work to reform prisoners are undercut by 
the pervasiveness of crime and drug use within the prisons. 

Any reform of the justice system will also have to face another 
serious problem confronting prisons: AIDS. The high number of 
intravenous drug users who are incarcerated, and the high level 
of homosexual activity within prisons, make this problem intrac-
table. One way to reduce the risk would be to decrease the 
crowded conditions, but this runs into the problem of new prison 
construction mentioned above. 

The tremendous costs of the criminal justice system, from con-
ducting trials to supporting prisoners once they are convicted, 
makes real reform unlikely in an age of government deficits and 
enforced austerity. 

So the revolving door continues, and the public's faith in the 
justice system continues to erode. 

Commentary 

A Man, A Plan ... Operation Just 'Cause 
By LUKE RICHBOURG 

Sometimes the propagandists lay it on too thick. 
You know what I mean, the product that is "new and 
improved" evel)' few months (as if dish soap were 
any different today than it was 50 years ago). Or the 
politician who must profess (just in case we had 
forgotten) his undying love for America at evel)' 
public appearance. Or the nations which make use of 
prefixes such as "The People's Autonomous Demo-
cratic RepUblic," but which are, of course, none of 
these things. Such 
propaganda typi- ,,-----------
cally claims right- r.yt I+i" PCJ.ftA.-.. 
eousness so vigor- r 4- 600ff__ +0 
ously that I cannot 
but suspect its +h~ Sour.J 
motives. I often ~ ~ 
wonder, when I 
come across this 
high-sounding 
hype, is someone 
lying to me? 

thug." I couldn't agree more; Noriega is a bastard of 
monumental proportions. But is this reason enough 
to violate the sovereignty of another nation? 

Safeguarding American lives was a major justifi-
cation of the invasion. Yet no attempt was made to 
restrict Americans to the Canal Zone or evacuate 
them, a standard precaution in times of tension. 
Moreover, there was no evidence to suggest that 
American civilians were directly threatened. Is it 
U.S. policy to invade evel)' time an American is 

killed? A look at· 
neighboring EI 
Salvador plainly 
tells us "no." I 
wonder, too, if 
other nations 
could justify at-
tacks on the U.S. 
on the grounds 
that one of their 
nationals had 
been attacked by 
a mugger or a 
drunken GI on 
leave. As absurd 
as that sounds, it 
is the thin ice on 
which the U.S. 

And so it was 
with Operation 
Just Cause, the 
code name ("ran-
domly" selected 
by a CIA com-
puter) for the re- :.k ......... I.:!::::::::.:=~~!!:::::=5iiiii~w.._.u .. ~2-~ invasion stands. 
cent invasion of 
Panama. As I watched the Panamanian children 
hopping excitedly in the streets, attired smartly in 
"Just Cause" T-shirts and aglow with the radiance of 
the TV lights, I couldn't help but think that the 
administration had sold lust Cause 10 the Panamani-
ans (and Americans) like McDonald's sells ham-
burgers. A few gifts. Some flattering words. A 
promise or two. And no substance. It is on that note 
that I'd like to take a look at some ofthe rationales 
behind the invasion that will inevitably come to be 
called "Operation Just Because." 

Events proceeded something like this: Noriega 
declared Panama to be in a state of emergency so that 
he might asswne police powers (war was not de-
clared). Subsequently, a Marine was killed, a Navy 
lieutenant was tortured and his wife threatened -
but these incidents were not directly linked to Nori-
ega. 

To top it all off was the old standby: Noriega had 
been indicted for drug trafficking. In the words of the 
administration, Noriega is a "conupt, debauched 

A second goal 
was to restore democracy to Panama. BUsh. it seems, 
felt it advisable to disregard the disastrous prece-
dents of past U.S. actions in Latin America. Donning 
Teddy Roosevelt' s imperialist boots, along with the 
arrogance and misguided paternalism characteristic 
of Americans, Bush said to the world, "Latin Amer-
ica is inept and the U.S. is infallible." 

Democracy is an admirable goal, but invading a 
sovereign nation because we feel its government is 
repressive has no legal basis, and rightly so. Was the 
USSR justified in invading Czechoslovakia in 1968, 
arresting independent head of state Alexander Dubcek 
because he seemed to be slipping toward the West? 
To Marxist eyes, Western capitalism is the most re-
pressive, exploitative of systems. Yet the tanks that 
rolled over Prague Spring were, even the Soviets 
now admit, a totally illegitimate use of force. Was 
our invasion any different? 

Some say yes. Mr. Bush contends that the Pana-
manian action was designed to protect the integrity 

See PANAMA, page 5 

me Mormon Bwdus 
to Utah. 

Thursday, January 11,1990 

Panama 
Continued from page 4 
of the canal treaties, that the treaties consti-
tuted a "special relationship" with Panama 
and justified the invasion. This claim is 
particularly interesting because the treaties 
explicitly rule out any "intervention in the 
internal affairs of Panama" unless there is a 
direct threat to the canal. 

No such threat has been claimed, even 
by the most ardent supporters of the inva-
sion. The U.S. blatantly violated the trea-
ties and then held them up to legitimize 
intervention. 

Freed9m, as Romania proved, is some-
thing that can and must be won by the 
people. Democracies installed in Latin 
America by the U.S. have a long and sordid 
history of failure; it is disheartening to see 
that Washington refuses to learn from the 
past. 

The story gets stranger still. The U.S. 
invaded, according to the administration, to 
"bring NOriega to justice." He was, after 
all, a bloody dictator and drug-runner. 
Moreover, Mr. Bush found Noriega per-
sonally irksome (why Bush chose to stake 
America's prestige on a deviant despot is 
another vel)' interesting question). 

Fewer than 20 murders are attributable 
to Noriega, 11 of which resulted from 
October's failed coup. Bush's invasion, 
though, cost the lives of 23 servicemen, at 
least 600 Panamanians, and untold num-
bers of casualties - not to mention a bro-
ken, looted Panamanian economy. 

This price, Bush said, was "worth it," 
despite the fact that no U.S. interests had 

TWOPlZ ...... 

1 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

been at stake and no objectives affecting 
U.S. interests were achieved (again,neither 
the canal nor the personnel stationed there 
were threatened, except in the most inci-
dental way). 

this is what the U.S. has done in Panama. 
We would do well to remember that, as For-
rester Church puts it, we tend "to become 
like our enemies at their worst." Who, I 
would like to ask, is the "strongman" now? 

pride of our president) perpetuates the no-
tion of might-makes-right and endangers 
an increasingly peaceful intemational at-
mosphere. I am glad that the invasion holds 
the prospect for a more prosperous Pan-
ama, butit sickens me that our country lives 
the lie of respect for the principles of self-
determination and law, spouting peace-lov-
ing rhetoric but tossing our ideals out the 
window when they become inconvenient. 
No matter how good we feel about the 
invasion, it was, to use a Bushism, "dead 
wrong." Should other nations put as little 
stock in international law ind their obliga-
tions as the U.S. does, the coming decade, 
so full of hope, could well end in disaster. 

At the same time Bush was protesting 
the "bloody" Noriega, he was sending se-
cret envoys to China (where the blood of 
thousands hadjust been scrubbed from the 
flagstones of Tiananmen) with assurances 
that our buddy-buddy relationship remained 
intact and that IMF loans would shortly 
resume. Bush was also sending automatic 
weapons (and a mj))ion dollars a day) to EI 
Salvador's brutal Cristiani regime, where 
they were used to slaughter lesuit priests 

It is naive, I know, butl like to think that 
there is a framework of international law 
which govems international behavior, pro-
moting stability and discouraging capri-
cious violence between sovereign states. 
At this time especially, it is in the U.S.'s 
interest to foster trust among nations and to 
encourage diplomacy through peaceful, 
civilized means. 

Endorsing a military solution (for no 
reason other than to salvage the injured 

(damn communists, I'm r-----------------------------------..... 
sure). 

As for Noriega's con-
nection with drugs, Bush 
(as CIA chief and vice 
president) saw fit to over-
look it for the many years 
Noriega was on the CIA 
payroll. More chilling 
than this hypocrisy is the 
use of the military to bring 
to justice a foreign na-
tional for having violated 
our domestic criminal 
statutes. SaimonRushdie 
violated the Holy Law of 
Iran - the vel)' highest of 
authorities. Would it have 
been OK for the Ayatol-
lah to bring 'Rushdie "to 
justice"by sending attack 
helicopters and tanks to 
Britain? Clearly not, yet 

The UCSD Gullrtlilln welcomes letters from students, faculty, and staff. Drop your 
letter at the GJlllrtlilln offices (in the old Student Center, where the A.S. offices used 
to be) or mail it to Opinion Editor, GJlllrtlilln, UCSD, B-016, La Jolla, CA 92093. 
Letters should be typed, double-spaced and should include a signature and phone number. 

SETH SLATER, Editor In Chief 
DAVID WYNER, Managing &litor 
ANTON BIlTNER, News Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 
DANA CHAlKEN,Associate Sports Editor 
JAMES COLLIER. Features Editor 
BRYAN DlAS, Music Editor 
RANDY DOTINGA, Copy Editor 
DOREEN ERENEA, Associate Features Editor 
PHIL GRUEN, Sports Editor 
PA1TY Jf:ITlE, Hiatus Editor 
GAIL JOHNSON, Associate Photo Editor 
LENG LOH, Associate Hiatus Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Edilor 
JASON SNELL, Associate News Editor 
RIMAS UZGIRlS, Photo Editor 
BOB DtANDREA. Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising MaNJgtr 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Manager 

s..r sc.trWrken: Andftl AdIemIn. Clvbdna Hulut. Brlan IlOw. John Shaw, Aud~y L)'ft Win&ertt 
SIII! ........ : JcM _lIun ........ Mite Be"., Eric: _ . Les IINvoId, C\'nIhi> c.mpl>oU. 
Scott Casmer. Eric CiuIt.a&on. 0wtsdnI H,,'ur, Melinda Hamilton. Mary 8eUy Heard, J.-ie Hcimkr, 
L.an Heisler. A4Im Lcvy. 1ltve Undluom. JIma MuUlner. Joth Odina.. DlYk1 Podcha., Oouc Shaddle, 
konSu..tl._W __ IotV .... y 
",............, M_ Amid. 0"'1 __ ~y. Cory LidI<IIin. F_ Lom. Bri .. Motri~ 
FelIx z.rip 
11--': MIlo CocIpor.1Ud< FonI. Tony F ........ COrin ...... Mel MIItOIo. !(My Roc. Ty"""" Tripoli 
TrpIou: !.any _!Wi B-' MeIiAI Fowl. Jim Mum_ 
Copr -.: Holly Cooper. O ... IMf..-r. Julie """"" kale Spr;n,.r 
_: Sue Olen. 0_ 0uI. Mellndl H ... iI .... 0trU Kav .... Rabin MICl.an. J.rr y .. """, 
fAIIIrtaI ~ Ben Bo)'dluc*.. Lan lid .... JennJrer YIItIZ,/ 

TIttUODC_ispobIioItod _"IOdTlonioyt ........ __ by_Ior ... ..-oIUCSD. 
~ oIl1i1.....", ._1 Jo.. ~ .. wIIDIc Of .,... ..... per1II .... is J&riI:dr prahibiIDd. 
OI990. .. ri .... ...... 
TkUODC ........ iJlIOt~ .... ...,.t!I..,.idMId....,...arM. n."IeMu.~iII....,..a 
_ .......... .,_ ..... -"Y_ .......... oIT1ttUCSDC_ . .. u.twnk)' 
oICaAii:nilOl&IID~s...t.uolUCSD. Villwl~ .......... ~,... • ....;ork)' .... 
_ofNC ...... 1CIdioW t.o.d~oIl1c:ediIor.dWcI. ~ediw. acwsedikn~ ..... 1IIdiII:w'. 
EAIIt.w: ~ ...... : 530'-,wu rD: 530'-1". UCSD 11-0." 1.1 Jolla, CA 9lOfJ 

GUAklJIAN 
'HE DOUBLE. SAVE 30% 

ON UCSD Tis & SWEATS 

'10'5 
.II~ . 

~~. 
Call Domino's Pizza 
now and save. 

Call Us! 
452-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

Hours: 
11 am·1 am Sun. -Thurs. 
11 am·2am Fri. & Sat. 

p---------------~---------------~ I 2 MEDIUM PIZZAS I FREE I I WITH 1 TOPPING II TOPPING I 
I $10.95:s I I 
I Two medium Domino's Original pizzas I Buy one ORIGINAL m~ium pizza with I 
I each with cheese and 1 topping of your I 1 topping and get the 2nd topping FREEl I I choice for only $10.95 plus tax. No I Customer pays applicable sales lax. I 
I substitutions or additions. I I 
I JUST ASK! • I III I Expires 1I30I90. I Expires 3I30I90. I 
I Not good wii181r'f other offer. • I Not good with any other otter. . . : . ®I 

~---------------~---------------~ linIIId deIIwry ... a 10 ...,. 11ft driving. O\r ctMcs C3IY ... 1IIIf1 $20. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 

Raybon Wayfarer just $35 00 
lUg. retail S77 

WITH COUPON ONLY. GOOD WITH AD AT LA JOUA VILlAGE SQUARE STORE ONLY THRU 1/ 141'10. 

w 'jlacific Ey~~ &T5 
The California Attitude 

San Diego's Largest Selection of Quality Sung/asses 

• 
.-

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• LA JOllA VILLAGE SQUARE .. 6855 V1llA LA JOLLA DR. #401 • 535-036S • 
._ .. _ .. _ ..... _ ... _ .... _ .. _. 



6 NEWS 

FREEDO M THROUGH E 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Saturday, January 13, 1990 
Join UCSD's Parade Entry 
Shuttle bus to march in San Diego's 

Martin Luther King, Jr. Parade 
leoves Third College Administration Building 

Porking Lot 302 ot 8 o.m. 

D 
U 
C 
A 
T 
I 
o 
N 

T-Shirt to first 200 people to assemble 
Sponsored by Fiflh , Muir. and Warren ColleQas; and Associaled Sludenls 

Call 534-4390 or 534-4340 for lurther information 

The UCSD Guardian 

GLEN 
Continued from page 3 

on, we' ve refined our criteria," 
Samuelsen said. . 

Ryan could have regained con-
trol of the land for a "nominal 
amount- say one dollar" if she 
had agreed to commit the land to 
public use, Samuelsen said. 

Had that option been pursued, 
the director explained, Ryan would 
not have lost the tax deduction that 
went with her original donation, 
and the University could not have 
been charged with giving away a 

cousin, Ethel Norman, and her 
husband, Bill. Instead, she is angry 
that the University parted with the 
land at all, and feels that, under 
other management, her reserve 
could have flourished as an educa-
tional center in the natural state. 

"This was bound to be a going 
thing,"she commented. "And, with 
our endowmentlo carry it on . . . , it 
would continue. But it hasn't 
worked out that way. 

"I don't think that the Univer-
sity, with the management they put 
it. under, gave it half a try." 

Ryan said she finds it difficult 
to keep her disappointment from 

Thursday, January II, 1990 

of California, wouldn't have a 
chance." 

Instead of pursuing what she 
felt would be a lengthy and futile 
legal battle, Ryan decided to ac-
cept the reality that the land would 
be under the care of the Nonnans. 

Bill Nonnan said he anticipates 
eventually retiring on the land and 
possibly building a barn-likestruc-
lUre to house his small collection 
of antique automobiles. Otherthan 
that, Nonnan said he and his wife 
have no concrete plans for the land 
except to "keep the place natural 
and nurture as many oak trees as 
we can." 

public asset. _____________________ _ 
Samuelsen said he 
communicated this 
and other options to 
Ryan both orally 
and in writing. 

"It was like a death ... I thought 
I should just leave Escondido, 

Butlhe couple has 
already razed a natu-
ral flower garden on 
the property to facili- ' 
tate road access to the 
area. Much of the re-
maining land was Ryan, however. 

said she doesn't 

move away." -Frances Ryan 
recall any such communications 
and openly attacked Samuelsen's 
credibil ity. 

"He never told me that," Ryan 
aid. "I wrote three letters and I 

never got an answer. . . . I would 
have considered it. but without 
having it in writing ... . r had noth-
ing to go on. " 

Ryan characterized Samuelsen 
as a "politician." 

"They talk out of one side of 
their mouth and do another," she 
said. 

Ryan is not upset with the pur-
chasers of the land, her second 

affecting her. She feels betrayed. 
"I try not to be bitter, but I'm 

telling you, it ' s pretty hard . .. If 
Roger Samuelsen had pulled out a 
revolver and shot me in the back, it 
would have been easier for both of 
us," she said. 

And yet, Ryan herself signed 
the release that allowed the sale to 
go through. She felt that she had 
little choice. 

"The only alternative I had. if r 
had to make a move first, " she said, 
"was to take it to court and. . . I 
think that a widow in my position, 
standing up against the University 

severely damaged in 
a Nov. 18 brush fire. 

Ryan, like the wild flowers that 
once adorned the fire-gutted hills, 
feels severed from her roots. ''It 
could be that some of the roots 
there weren 't harmed and they' ll 
come out again," she mused. 

" I really don ' t think that this 
place will ever be-- even when it 
comes back with grass on it and 
flowers and things- what Lewis 
and I wanted it to be. 

"This was our life, our hopes. 
our dreams, our future, what we're 
going to leave behind, our shrine, 
our church .... This was our all.'' 

MAKE A CALCULATING DECISION. 

Flidl HEWLETT 
~~ PACKARD 
HP 225 Scientific Calculator HP 198 Business Calculator HP 28S Scientific Calculator HP 205 Scientific Calculator 

534-4320 Com uter Center Electronics 

CASID .. 
Casio FX~OOOG 

[ . \ 1 \ T P " 11\ 
. ,L,\~ , 

. Thursday, J~uary 11, 1990 

A.S. 
continued from page 1 
the students need to vote in favor 
of RIMAC for the referendum to 
pass. 

In an unrelated action, the AS. 
approved an allocation of $8.039 
to the Media Committee from 
General Unallocated Funds forthe 
purchase of six Macintosh com-
puters. 

The evening's debate centered 
on an amendment which would 
change the source of the Media 
Committee funding from Man-
dated Reserve to General Unallo-
cated. 

According to AS. Adviser 

Randy Woodard, Mandated Re-
serve is a bank account of at least 
$100,()()(} thatlhe AS. must keep 
for emergencies. He described the 
General Unallocated funds as a 
"checking account," from which 
the A.S. draws its funds for events. 
Mandated Reserve holds approxi-
mately $200,000 at present. 

"The money should be taken 
out of Manda ted Reserve [because) 
I think this purchase is an invest-
ment. We should give money from 
General Unallocaled to events. I 
would hate to take [the money) out 
of General Unallocated and then 
be tight with it at the end of the 
year." said A.S. President 101m 

The UCSD Guardian 

Ramirez. 
Vice President of Finance 

AndersRoedesaidthat"Mandated 
Reserve is used for emergencies. If 
we nickel and dime it down to 
$150,000 on things like this and 
then something like Assorted Vi-
nyl happens and we need $60.000 
to bail someone out, we can't do it. 
We have enough money in Gen-
eral Unallocated that this $8,000 
won't hurt us." 

1be amendment to change the 
source offunding to General Unal-
locled was passed by a 10-7 vote 
with three abstentions. The entire 
proposal was passed 19-0. with 
one abstention. 

YEARS 
A HEAD 

HAIRCUTS 
by Christina and Mark 

Women $11 (reg. $25) 
Men 514 (reg. $/9) 

UCSD Specials 
Perm & Haircut or 
Highlight & Haircut 550 

NEWS 7 

For appointment, pleas, call 457·ZfJ'. "50 J'. L. J,.. Dr .. 
Sir. 1111, La Jolla (b,hind EI Torlto directly acron ramp.) 

LABS: UC Advised To Give Up Control 
Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 

Continued from page 1 
The contract between the UC 

and the Department of Energy is a 
five-year renewable contract that 
must be voted on by the UC Re-
gents two years before the contract 
expires in 1992. The Regents are 
expected to vote in September of 
1990 on whether to negotiate with 
the Department' of Energy to con-
tinue the existing contract. 

"The University does not estab-
lish the goals or general content of 
the research and development 
programs [at the laboratories)," 
said Senior Vice President for 
Academic Affairs William Frazer 
in a 1987 California Senate Com-
mittee hearing on the involvement 
of the UC in nuclear testing at the 
two laboratories. 

Frazeracknowledged, however. 
that .. the association between the 
University and the weapons labs is 
not without controversy ... the ap-
propriateness of the relationship 
has been the subject of numerous 
inquiries." 

Frazer added that theUCbudget 
"does not profit from the relation-
ship ... , " and the Regents: moti-
vation for continuing in the con-
tract is one of "public service." 

"It's the responsibility of the 
University ... to ensure that the 
laboratories execute the technical 
programs with the highestpossible 
quality," Frazer said. 

The faculty committee proposed 
"five general criteria for public 
service appropriate to the Univer-
sity" in their report in response to 
the Academic Council' s statement 
that "the public service function of 
the University is central to the 
argument justifying the 
University's role in managing the 
labs." 

Accordinjl to the report, "all but 

one member of the committee find 
that the University's operation of 
the laboratories fails to satisfy these 
criteria." 

and testing of the "24 different 
warheads on the bombs and mis-
siles that presently comprise the 
nation's nuclear arsenal .. .. con-
ducting somewhat more than a 
dozen nuclear tests annually in 

hot chocolate! 
lo 'oUo"" 

Herbert York, professor emeri-
tus at UCSD, was the first director 
of the Lawrence Livermore Lab, 
between 1952 and 1958. 

recent years," according to infor- HOURS: 11-10:30 Sun.-lhurs. ~ -~ U'C . mation provided by the laborato- 11-11 FrUIl Sat. 
, .. \ t-! Although the Advisory Com-

mittee reached the conclusion that 
the University should "phase out 
its responsibility" for operating the 
two labs. York points out that the 
University has managed the labs 
for 40 years, and the government 
has consistently supported the re.-
lationship. 

ries in the report. LA JOLlA COLONY 
7770 Regents Rd .. Ste. 108 \I~ l .. ./oUo c ...... ~ ",:. 

1be committee was fonncd by (In Von's Shopping Center) 
• • obo Do the Academic Council, the execu- _________________________ _ 

tive body of the Academic Senate, Buy any small. medium I 
which governs the UC faculty, af- I 2 fo r 1 or au- fIozen yogurt I 
ter Academic Senate participation • and get one of equal or I I ....., value FREE. 
in the 1985 management contracts I Void \JIIh a:lY olher oIf8f. Toppjngs not InCluded. I 
was limiled because the faculty I 000 coupon per customer. ExpIres 1/14/90. I lacked the infonnation ncccssary a.. __________________________ .. 

The laboratories combined 
staffs number over 16,000, and 
their budgets exceed $1 .85 billion, 
with roughly 75 percent being spall 
for military programs, according 
to the report. 

The laboratories are responsible 
fordeveloprnent, invention, design. 

to develop informed views. 
The investigation oftbe labora-

tories was performed by a faculty 
committee called the Advisory 
Committee on the University's 
Relations with the Department of 
Energy Laboratories, according the 
Krogh. 

... Motivated top performer, able to work in a politically and 
ethnically diverse sening ... Commitment to public service ... 
College graduate by October 1990 ... WiUing to devote 11 
months to a program that may change your life ... 

... then call 

1-800-776-1761. 
Assembly 
Fellowship Program 
CAl.IFORNIA STATE 
LEGISlATURE 

The Comic Gallery 
671-1 N. IIIOCIdway 

EIcotddo, CA 91025 
(;-*Yc-.......... "'CenMr IIiDadwar • WGII*1gb. 

(619)745-5660 
~ IaIboa AYe. 
San~CA92117 

c.-oIlceoa. Qc 1_' Dr. 
...... 10 LucIly MaIUt-

(619)otU-a53 

Fifth College Students: 

Make a World of Difference 
Be a Fifth College 

Orientation Leader! 
Pick up a referral form for Job #OWl 1033 from 
Part-time Employment, and retum It to the Fifth 
College Provost Office, Building 202 MAAC. 

ALL Fifth Colle.e Students 
are Encoura.ed to Apply! 

ApplIcatIon o.ac:.,.. ~30 p.m., Friday, February 2, 1990 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
w- consuJuulon and lnillal ~ 15 "'hi. 120 ...... Ffrst.- dMtnls only)" 

112 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
• AmerIcan Medical As5Odalion 

approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive sldn 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female su/f. state lie. technicians 

Alexander's Electrolysis 
IAJo/M ~ Proftsno-l c-ur 
Bebind Elepbanl Bar 
8950 VIlla IAJoI/a Dr. Ste. 2121 

558-0888 

VALETS 
CASHIERS 

'ecptres 1125190 

Ace Parking Inc., San Diego's largest parking management firm is looking 
for professional and dependable individuals who would like to join our 
fast rTlOIIing team. 

Immediate positions are available in La Jolla, The Golden Triangle, and 
many other central locations in San Diego. 
We offer flEX hours, part-time, full-time shifts and benefits. 
Interviews will be conducted in La JOlla/Univenity City by appointment, 

or)'Ou may apply in person at our down-
town location. 
Bring )'Our valid CA drillers license. D.MV. 
printout and 5.5. card to Ace hrIIi"l Inc., 
FMoI.IeI, 1452 7th ___ (llftch Stlftt) 
s.n Diep, CA 92101. For more informa-
tion, or to schedule appointment call 
21t-9501 . 
Equal Opportunity Emp • . 



8 FEATURES T he UCSD Guardian T hursday, January 11,1990 

Features 
REEL 
EXPERIENCE 
Club Goes Beyond The Basics 
And Has 'Film to Show For It' 
• By James Collier, Features Editor 

When opportunity doesn't come a-knocking, some-
times it's best to pound on a few doors of your own. 
Hard Core, a film club here at UCSD, has done 
exactly that, by making their own movie. 

Michael Adams and Milton Fletcher, the director 
and producer of the Hard Core film "Bugs in Our 
Hair," will be screening their movie this Friday at the 
Price Center. 

"The club is first and foremost, and the film is 
the consequence of the club," Adams said. "That is 
what the club is organized for- to produce films. 
Films that are bigger and better and on a more 
comprehensive cale than what a student alone could 
do." 

Adams said that the way film classes are currently 
set up. one student writes, produces, and edits a single 
film each quarter. He feels that the quality of a 
production suffers because of this system. 

Fletcher said the system students use for producing 
films for a class isn't at all like conventional film-
making. 

"[In conventional film-making] you use an entire 
crew, you have an entire body of resources available. 
And if you don ' t have them available, you make them 
available," Fletcher said. 

Fletcher added that the original idea was to have a 
producer, director, and screen writer have general 
supervision over the film . More resources and people 
would be available to produce a higher quality movie 
under Hard Core's production system, he said. 

"The original idea was to get a movie in production 
every quarter. Let's take, for instance, a year. The 

James \,;Olillef'/vuarolan 
.Lfard Core Film Director Mike Adams 

James CoDler/Guardian 
Hard Core Film Producer Milton Fletcher: "For UCSD arts to survive and thrive, it has to be able to get 
the resources to be able to make films that it wants to make . .. 
first quarter [we] do pre-production for one movie, 
and by the second quarter [we) have it in production 
and completed by the end of that second quarter," 
Fletcher said. "By the beginning of that second 
quarter. a new production is going on simultaneously 
in its pre-production stages." 

"Bugs in Our Hair" is the first movie completed by 
Hard Core, and was dubbed by Fletcher "the experi-
ment" of his organization. Future Hard Core producers 
and directors will be able to learn from the experience 
of the group's first production, he expects. 

Last year, Adams and Fletcher selected the pro-
ducer and director who would produce the next Hard 
Core movie, "Nuclear Wasted." 

"Our film is ready to be screened, their film has 
already been shot and is almost completely edited," 
Adams said, referring to his film and his sucessors, 
respectively. "It ' ll be ready possibly by the end of the 
quarter. Basically, two films have been shot. Ours is 
the first to premiere because it was the first to be 
done." 

The group is also working on a third film with a 
working title called "Blood Ball." 

Two aspects of film production that Adams and 
Fletcher experienced were the financing and market-
ing of a student film. Working through the A.S. was a 
fiscal problem that delayed the filming of "Bugs in 

Our Hair." Filming was, at times, delayed for weeks 
as they waited for money to go through the A.S.'s bu-
reaucratic machinery. Fletcher said that working 
through the A.S. took more time than they had 
anticipated. 

"It's the same for all A.S. organizations, I guess 
but, in a film-making situation, it's critical to have 
funding as needed," he said. 

San Diego State University's film depanment, ac-
cording to Fletcher, is much more advanced than 
UCSD when it comes to the marketing and financing 
of student movies. 

"We thought that, since we were a UC school . . . 
we get the bigger bucks . .. and that we're going to 
have a better program because we have grein profes-
sors, supposedly. But it basically turned out to be 
BS," he said. 

"[San Diego State has] color film, they have majUi 
sponsorships, like Pepsi-Cola and ARCa. They're 
making movies that are of extremely high quality, 
though not necessarily, conceptually, the best. But 
there are award winners coming out ofthere and 
they're basicially getting their name on the map." 

Fletcher said that "Bugs in Our Hair" cost about 
$5,000, and commented, "that's chicken feed." 

What we really needed to make this film was $ 1 0,000, 
See FILM, page 9 

Finding Ways To Fight Off Influenza Viruses 
Experts Say Stay Away From Flu Virus At All Costs; Illness Could Cause Disaster For Quarter 
By RAMINE .t:3AHRAMLBEGI 
Contributing Writer 

As students plunge themselves deeper 
into the quarter (and fall behind at the same 
time), the importance of time becomes more 
and more significant. 

It seems like students are in a race for 
time, and there is no turning back. With time 
being so valuable, catching a cold or, even 
worse, the flu, can prove to be a particularly 
frustrating ordeal for busy students with 
heavy class loads, midterms, and jobs. 

Most students don 't think of influenza as 
a serious illness, and many people either 
take the illness lightly or don't know how to 

handle it effectively. 
Today, the flu is rarely fatal in developed 

countries. However, in the past, outbreaks 
of influenza resulted in many deaths. 

For example, an outbreak of this disease 
during World WarIkilled20miUion people 
around the world. 

According to UCSD nurse Connie Bas-
terache, the flu is often mistaken for the 
common cold. Flu symptoms are similar to 
those of the cold. A person with a flu can 
expect fever, a sore throat, muscle pain and 
joint fatigue, coughing, congestion, and in 
some cases, nausea. These symptoms can 
last from seven to 10 days. 

Basterac~e said, traditionally, the peak 

season for the flu has been in late autumn 
and during the mid-winter months: it is not 
surprising when students start the quaner 
with a flu. 

According to UCSD nurse Dottie Dean, 
the flu comes in two types. A and B. Both 
types have the ability to change or mutate 
rapidly which means that while our bodies 
can develop antibodies to a particular flu 
virus, we may still be vulnerable to a differ-
ent flu strain. 

Treatments for both the cold and the flu 
are sImilar, according to UCSD health edu-
cator Kaleen Usenik: 

• Get plenty of rest. 
• Drink lots of fluids . Avoid alcoholic 

beverages, since they lead to dehydration. 
• Gargle with salt water to reduce throat 

swelling (one teaspoon in a large glass of 
water). In addition, use lozenges and take 
advantage of a humidifier. 

• Don '\ smoke, since smoking will fur-
ther irritate nasal passages and increase risk 
of getting bronchitis or pneumonia. 

• Over-the-counter medications are often 
effective. Take Acetamiaophen (Tylenol) 
or Ibuprofen (Advil) for fevers and pain. 

o Congestion can often be managed with 
medication contaimng antihistamines or 
decongestants. 

• The cold clinic at the Student Health 

See FLU, page 11 

Albums 
Continued from page 4-
Human Drama fuses their mentors 
with their music to create a post-
modernistic style that could ap-
peal to a wide audience. 

Waiting Hour" explains Indovina's 
divorce and how his ex-wife was 
too blind to see the problems and 
solutions. 

"There Is Only You" combines 
slow, beautiful music and simple 
words to convey Indovina's love 
for an individual and life in gen-
eral. 

Perfect View 
A & M Records 

male musicians who write their 
own songs and play their own in-
struments; but also bands that 
couldn't seem to leave adolescence 
behind. 

acrerized by driving guitars and 
powerful, emotion-laden vocals 
shared by the three women in the 
band. 

The difference can be felt most 
strongly in "Should I Let You In," 
a song penned by Caffey that 
Carlisle covered on her Hea~en 
On Earth album. On the Graces' 
version, Brooks' tough vocals are 
accented by the tension of the 
slightly distorted guitars in the 
opening bars. 

A few songs highlight this in-
novative album. "Through My 
Eyes," is the best effort on the fi rst 
side. A cover of Neil Young's "Old 
Man" transforms an acoustic clas-
sic to a modem anthem, and Clive 
Wright's lead guitar accentuates 
the message. 

The rest of the album contains 
great music, but two tunes stand 
out as Human Drama classics. "The 

Human Drama has the poten-
tial to be another Bauhaus or Joy 
Division, and "Feel" is the first 
stride toward that goal. If Human 
Drama continues to mature and 
make albums with the same inten-
sity as "Feel," the ascent to the top 
is in sight. 

By Josh Odintz 
Staff Writer 

So the eighties are gone. And 
gone with the eighties are those 
two "quintessential girl groups," 
the Go-Go's and the Bangles--
bands that paved the way for fe-

The Graces, a trio consisting of 
Meredith Brooks, Gia Ciambotti, 
and former Go-Go's lead guitarist 
Charlotte Caffey, have turned 
away from the "trashy" look and 
"fun" sound of the early eighties 
girl groups and opted for a more 
sophisticated image and stronger 
rock style with'rheir debut album 
Perfect View. 

Whereas the Go-Go'ssound was 
largely dependent on Belinda 
Carlisle's squeaky-clean lilt ing 
vocals, the Graces' sound is ch ar-

On the whole , the G races' 
strongest point may be their po-
tent vocals and harmonies. The 
last two cuts on the album , 
"To morrow" and~ "Out in the 

See ALBUMS, page 6 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dennatology 
School of M edicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
appli<;ation of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation. 

Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
If interested, call 534,4955 (leave name 

and number) or call 534,6847. 

Third College La Casals 
Gourmet Coffee Bar Invites you 

to Try Us Out on the House. 

FREE! 
A Cup of Freshly Ground 
Gounnet Coffee* 

A Great Way to Start Your Day! 
The La Casa Dining facility is open Monday thru Friday at 7:00 A.M., and is located next to third 
lecture hall. We serve fresh~ brewed gourmet coffees, teas, and fresh bakery items. At 10:30, we 
begin our soup, salad, burger and speciality lunch menu. Come visit La Casal Plenty of atmosphere, 
good tables, good music, & good people! 

Free Cup Served 7a.m. to 10a.m. Dai~ 

'In house only no 'to go orders' Offer Good Through 1119190 

----------------, UCSD : 
Student : 

Carl's Jr. Special : 
I I 
I BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I 
I I 
: Bacon Cheeseburger : 
i r~FREE i 
I Valid at: 6788 Miramar Rd. I 
I Coupon expires Jan. 31, 1990. One offer per coupon. I 
l One coupon per customer per visit Not valid with any ® I 
I other oller or d iscount Price doe s not mclude tax. C!-r:'l'B J: I 
L ©carl Karche r Enterprises. [nc 1989 ........ -:& r . .. 
-----------------------

, .,.',,' I ~\".\.\ •• \' ,~.( 



10 CLASSlFIEDS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 11, 1990 

Classifieds 
Classified advertising Is sold in 15-
word increments. The rate per 15 
words is $1 for students, $3 for 
faculty and staff, and $4 for others. 
Payment in advance is required; 
therefore, ads must be mailed with a 
check (made payable to The UCSD 
Guardion) or presented in person. 
Please have exact change. Deadlines 
are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
paper and 3 p.m. Monday for 
Thursday's paper. The Guardian 
reserves the right to refuse any 
advertisinglnduding but not limited 
to companionship ads. For more 
information call 534-5416. The 
Guardion, UCSD, B-016, La Jolla, 
CA 92093. 

,\'\'\()l '\( 'F\ IE,\TS 
GET IN SHAPE! UCSD 's 
"backyard" fitness center Grand 
Opening now! Lots 0' parking in 
Clairemont Square (behind Lee 
Wards). Call now! BEING FIT; 483-
9294. (1/4-16) 

YOU R JEWISH ADDRESS AT 
UCSD! Jewish Campus Center 
provides warmth, education, prayer. 
socializing. Connect with Union of 
Jewish Students! 502 Matthews: east 
of the Price Center. Call Rabbi 
Slotnick, 534-2521. 0/4-3/12) 
Start and operate your own profitable 
business at home! No experience, little 
capital required. For free details write 
to: Key Publishing. 2831 Cazadero 
Drive Suite B. Carlsbad. CA 92009. 
0/8-1/29) 

WOMEN BEHIND BARS. UCSD 
CABARET. FREE, Friday and 
Saturday9and II pm MAC 409 small. 
(1/11 ) 

Meals areonme! All you do is evaluate 
your meal and the facility and J"1l pay. 
Must be student, staff or faculty. Call 
Scon@ 534-6203. (1/11-1/18) 

Applications are now available for 
Revelle College's 1990 Orientation 
Leaders at the Revelle Dean's office. 
(1/11-1/25) 

Interested in LA TIN AMERICA? 
Come to 1st OSILA meeting 
TONIGHT Int'I Center Conference 
Rm. 7:00. (1/11) 

Were U.S. actions in Panama 
warranted? Share your views with 
students from around the world. 
International Cafe, Friday 1/12 at 
International Center. oon to 1:30. 
Lunch only $1.50! (1/11) 

Casual Clothing Outlet Sale! All 
items priced 50% to 90% under retail. 
1000's of items under $15.00. 
Unbelievable savings on Sweaters. 
Jeans, Shorts, Sweats and much much 
more for both men and women. This 
weekend on Thursday (10-7), Friday 
(10-7), Saturday (10-5), and Sunday 
(12-5). 8250Camino Santa Fe, Suite I. 
4 lights east of 805 off Miramar Road. 
Hotline 450-3323. (\/11) 

ATTENTION STUDENTS: The 
UCSD Undergraduate Scholastic 
Grants Office will fund up to $500 for 
your special academic project in any 
field! Grant proposals are due 
Friday, Jan 12 by 3 pm. Questions? 
Visit our office in the Price Center or 
call 534-3917. Good luck! (1/11) 

SER\ J( ' FS 

RES UMES , TERM PAPERS, 
REPORTS You ARE a professional. 
Let us present your work to reflect 
your professional image. Any report 
can be produced. Reasonable rates. 
Call 'Komputer An Technology. 695-
8597. (11/30-2/1) 

Olga Bari Electrologist. 1200-1500 
hairs per hour. 3251 Holiday Coun. 
Student discounts. (619) 558-4644. 
(619) 226-1962. 0/4-3/12) 
DON'TW ALKALONE! The UCSD 
Police Department offers a Community 
Service Officer(CSO) Escort Program. 
CSOs are available to escort individuals 
on campus from 5:30pm to 1:003/)1 
seven days a week including vacations 
and holidays. Just call 534-WALK on 
any pay phone or 4-WALK from on 
campus phones. YOUR SAFETY lS 
OUR FIRST CONCERN. (1/11-1/ 
16) 

Macintosh Repair/Upgrades: 128/512 
to Plus with 800K drive SCSI. Start@ 
$175. We repair power supplies,logic 
boards, floppy drives, printers. UCSD 
PO 's ok. 7 days, free estimates. 
COMP~: 456-5916. (1/8-1/16) 

___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ _ 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
J 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

7rJM~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively w.; and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 

·Must present coupon and valid UCSD ID at time of estimate. 
Not valid With major engine ortransmlsslon repoirs, 

.... ----CALL CALIFORNIA 

1450-9494 1 g,,-~ 
1<*01 '" M .'IO(~ 

If You Hove Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
J 

PASSPORTPICfURES! New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near SI. Germains. 
452-9949. (10/9-3/12) 
TYPING!! I' ll type your term papers 
etc. quickly and inexpensively. Laser 
printer. Call Jenni fer: 558-6090. (1/8-
2/8) 

TUTORING - Math. physics, 
engineering, programming. I definitely 
can help you. Mark 221-7176. (1/11-
1(22) 

\\ \'\TFJ) 
Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the effects of alcohol. If you 
are a UCSD student or non-academic 
staff, American born male of entirely 
Japanese, Chinese, or Korean descent, 
call Scripps Clinic and Research 
Foundation for more infonnation, 554-
2192.0/4-3/12) 
WANTED: Volunteer and internship 
positions available immediately in the 
UCSDpublicrelations/mediarelations 
office. Administrative assistance and 
special projects in a busy, exciting 
office setting. Flexible hours. Cal\ 
Huda 534-3121. (1/4-11) 

NEWYEAR'SRESOLlITION-Get 
a great part-time job! On campus. 
flexible hours, $7/hr. 587-1585. (114-
1/16) 

Singer seeks pianist to record 
accompaniments for practice. expand 
repertoire. Call 273-3947. (1/4-11) 
GOVERNESS. Part timeemploymenL 
$1,1 OO/month. including health and 
medical coverage. 20-25 hours/week. 
Generally Monday-Friday, 1:30-
5 :3Opm. Child/teen care in La Jolla. 
Two boys, 8 & 13 years old. Excellent 
references req uired. Call Yvette at 23 1-
9501. (1/8-1/11) 

Child care needed for infant 2-3 days 
per week starting Jan 3rd. Mature, 
reliable. Del Mar area. References 
required. (619) 792-0864. (1/8-1/11) 

Restaurant in La Jolla Shores near 
UCSD now hiring. $5 & up: Full or 
part-time: flexible hrs: friendly place 
to work, no experience required. We 
will train you. Call Kevin or Elaine. 
454-8038. (1/8-1/16) 

Wc'lI ,1ft '01 rc.ons: 
1. The best In stuc:knt/buc:lsf:t 

airfares TO IINY'NHEREI 
!l. ALL EUI'IIlipasses Issued ON 

THE SPOTt 
3. Internationot Stuc:knt identity 

Cards Issu£d here. (We ~n 
take the plctureJ) 

4. ATMOSPHERE. 
S. Our agents are trll\'el experts. 

Need cash? PIT job $IOOO/mo 
expanding company needs motivated 
people! Can George or Steve, 792-
5781. 0/8-1/11) 

1988 Red Toyota Tercel with AM/FM 
cassene. Only 14.000 miles. $4995.00 
Call Michael at 455-7063. (1/11-1/16) 
PRINTER. Star NX- IOOO. like new, 
SI 00, call Alex 459·6964, leave message. 
(1/11) Housecleaners: $8 per hr. partime, very 

flexible hours, pleasant working 
environment. Must be reliable , 
professional, have previous experience. 
reliable car. Call between 8-5pm M-F. 
259-8731. (1/8-2/1) 

Window washers: $1 Oper hr., parttime 
flex hours, must have previous 
experience, equip. car. Call 259-8731 
8am-5pm M-F. (1/8-1/18) 
Reliable, honest, enthusiastic 
individuals with a desire to serve the 
UCSD Community in a Crime 
Prevemion capacity. UCSD Police 
Department Community Service 
Officer (CSO) Program now accepting 
appl ications for remainder of academic 
year with potemial for continuing 
emp loyment . Prefer individuals 
familiar with campus buildings, 
especially dorm areas. Pick up an 
application at the Studenl Part-Time 
Employmenl Office. Applications due 
Friday Jan. 19,4:30 pm at the UCSD 
Police Department. 500 MAAC, across 
from the loading dock of the Price 
Center. Any questions, please call 534-
9255 between 8:30am and 3:00pm. 
Ask for Beth. (1/11-1/16) 
$1O.00/Hour - Students to pass out 
flyers on campus and/or do odd jobs. 
Call Sandra 455-7777. (1/11) 
SAT INSTRUcrOR - The Princeton 
Review nation 's *1 test prep service 
seeks SAT Instructors . Bright, 
enthusiastic college students or recent 
grads with high standardized test 
scores. $12/hr s taning 10 hrsIweek. 
Call 4pm-6pm before 1/18/90. 454-
2255. (1/11-1/1 6) 
ROOM FOR RENT: Walking distance 
to UCSD and Blacks Beach. Maid 
service twicepermonth. gardener. own 
bathroom. $394.00 per month + 
utilities. 558-0152. (1/11-1/25) 
TacoTime is seeking parttime help for 
day and evening shifts. Starting pay 
$5.00. Apply at 8867 Villa La 10lla 
Drive. 0/1 1-1/16) 
Being Fit is hiring aerobic inSlTUCtors, 
weight trainers, sales and childcare, for 
new fitness center in Clairemonl. Call 
for interview 483-9294. (1/11-1/16) 
WANTED: 80 people to LOSE up to 25 
Ibs. in 30 days while eamingl Anne 279-
4265. (1/1 1-1/28) 
Immediate part time openings for 
Housekeeping and Domestic Service 
people. Stan 55.50 per hour + mileage. 
Send qual.ifications or call: AI Your 
Service Ltd. 16776 Bernardo Center 
Drive Suite 1I0B-131 , San Diego. CA 
92128, (619)451-2200. (1/11-1/16) 
$200 week possiblel No experience 
necessary. Flexible hours! Becky 695-
9676. (1/11-1/25) 

Futon and Fmme SI 05 can deli ver. 268-
0814. (1/11) 
Cassette Player - NakamichiBX- I, need 
money for project. college applications 
$150. 455-840 I. (1/11) 
SOFA, "ThisEndUp" brand.SolidNonh 
Caroline pine. Three cush ion in clamshell 
color. Only two years old. $250 or best 
offer. 558-9025. (1/11) 

lIot SI\(; 
Share apanment near UCSD/UTC. Own 
room for S385/mo. Jacuzzi, pool, tennis 
couns. wid on location. Near bus-line; 
plentyofpar1cing. Non-smokeronly. Call 
Karen at 546·8569. (1/8- 1/ 11) 
Room for rent in East Bluff 
Condominiums. Own room , pool, 
fireplace. fumished.5 min. from campus, 
washerldryer, close to Trader Joe's and 
Ralphs, close to busl ine, rent $350/month 
(neg). 1/3 uti!.. available immediately, 
558-8102. Ask for Eugene. (118-1/25) 
Large La Jolla Studio near Ralphs mall. 
10 min. walk to UCSD. Available 
immediately. Must see! $530/mo. 546-
8371. (1/11) 
Room in Del Mar for rent. Coast and 
19th. One block from beach. Washer/ 
dryer, dishwasher. garage. fireplace, 
decks. very spacious. Available 
immediately. $340/mo + 1/4 utilities. 
792-1634. (1/1 1-1/18) 
$250/momh share master bedroom in 
Condo. nur UCSD, parking. pool. 
jacuzzi. Call 272-2079, Carlos. (1/11 -1/ 
16) 
Room for rent Clairemont, male/female 
washer/dryer, nonsmoking. $310 +t/3 
utilities. 270-9515. (l/II - I{I6) 

PERSO'\ \LS 
GET IN SHAPE! UCSD's "backyard" 
fitness center Graod Openiognow! Lots 
0' par1cing in Clairemont Square (behind 
Lee Wards). Call now! BEING FIT; 483-
9294. (1/4- 16) 

Los Angeles Auto Show: Seeking 
individuals to carpooVcaravan with who 
are interested in Brainstonning about 
business and technology. Dale4S2-2222. 
(1/11) 
Staff writer is needed for all Greek 
Newsletter. No experience necessary. 
Call Carrie (587-8741). (1/1 I) 
Stan your day with Warren's Commuter 
Breakfasts! Every Tuesdays. 7:30am-
lOam. Provost's Conf. Room only 50 
cents.! 0/11 -1/25) 
JUNIORS and SENIORS with GPAs 
over3.4: The Golden Key National Honor 
Society wants you ! For more information, 
stop by Revelle Plaza Jan 16-18 (lOam-
2pm), or call 534-3 172 Wednesday 
(I Oam·1 pm). Applications available 
outside USB 1240andGH t54O,( I/II -
1/16) 

FOI{ S \I.E 
Brand new speakers, big. good sound, 
only $150 for the pair. Call Patrick. 558-
0961. (118- 1/11 ) 

Southwest High School graduates 
interested in returning to the high 
school to motivate current sludent for 
a college education. please contact C. 
B. Express of AS at 534-4450. (1/ 11 ) 

6. WE ARE RIGHT ON CAMruSJ 
7. The best travel ~III' and 

travet guides sold her.: . 
.. HO$tel Cords Issu£d her.: . 
9. Worldwide adventure tours. 

10. l,.,fl9U0ge lind Woo Abrood 
prosrams. 

Zenith Supersport Laptop, XT 
compatible. double drives. 640K. perfect 
condition, $850.00 o.b.o .• call IE 587-
8854. (1/8-1/11) 

Volunteer Students ie: intercollegiate 
athletes, teacher assistants, student 
government office-holder needed to 
motivate underrepresented high school 
students. Interested contact. C. B. 
Express of AS at 534-4450. (1/11) 

DOISTHATANSWIR 
c:..;d'ESnON? TrJIII 

. UCSD PRICE CEHTER 
(Iboft the information booth) 

451·0630 

Macintosh 512 upgraded to Plus. $890.00 
in excellent condition with some 
software. Call 535-0930. (1/8·1/25) 

G&S skateboard with accessories . 
$60.00. Bundy Trumpet. Only 595.00. 
Call Michael anytime at4SS·7063. (1/ 
11 -1/16) 

I2ON'T WALK ALONE!! The UCSD 
Police Department offers a Community 
Service Officcr (CSO) Escon Program. 
CSOs are available to escort individuals 
on campus from S:3Opmto I :OOamseven 
days a week including vacations and 
holidays. Just call 534-WALK on any 
ply phoneor4-WALK from on campus 
phones. YOUR SAFETY IS OUR FIRST 
CO~CERN. ( 1/11-1/16) . 

Thursday, January 11, 1990 

Film 
Continued from page 9 
it now," Fletcher commented. 

In fact, the assistants, accord-
ing to Adams and Fletcher, will be 
the chiefeditors for the film "Blood 
BaIL" The club has progressed 
enough so that there are more 
people with the skills to produce a 
film. 
. "[After] each film, people are 
getting better, beller, and better," 
Fletcher said. 

Post-production for the film 
took about one full quarter. There 
were problems with the sound 
recording. They also had a screen-
ing of the rough cut of the film. 
After getting feedback from the 
audience, Adams re-edited the 
movie. 

"While this was all going on 
with the production of that film, I 

was doing the financing and budg-
eting and helping get supplies," 
Fletcher said. 

After the final editing, Adams 
worked on the sound, visual ef-
fects, sound effects, and the musi -
cal score. 

" I was told by Jim Smith, of the 
media center, that this is the third 
film club [at UCSD] over the last 
25 years," Adams said. 

"We're the first club to actu-
ally finish a project, let alone sur-
vive through the production. We 
have a second film which will be 
ready to be screened ineight weeks, 
and we already have a third film 
that's shooting. 

"So far, this club is a success. 
We've instilled the system to be 
self-generating, and I hope the 
films get better and beller. [Our 
movie] was just to lay down the 
ground rules. " 

The UCSD Guardian 

Flu 
Continued from page 8 

Services (Open Monday-Friday 10 
a.m. to 2 p .m.) offers further ad-
vice on how to combat the flu. 

As for prevention, a vaccine is 
available to battle the flu. Accord-
ing to Usenik the best time to get a 
flu shot is in October or early No-
vember, before the flu season hits. 

However, the flu shot is still 
available at the Student Health 
Service for a minimal fee. 

Dean said the vaccine is recom-
mended for individuals with 
chronic ailments such as a meta-
bolic disorders or heart problems. 

Flu infections can be serious 
and should be evaluated by a 
medical practitioner if the cold 
symptoms do not clear up after 
one week to 10 days orifany of the 
following symptoms persists, Dean 
explained: 

• Painful s welling of the neck 
glands or a stiff neck, 

• Coughing up of colored mu-
cous, 

• Wheezing, shortness of breath, 
or pain when breathing, 

• Severe headache, 
• Fever greater than 100° for 

more than 24 hours, 
• White patches on the back of 

the throat or tonsils, or an ex-
tremely red throat, 

FEATURES 11 

r---------------------, I FREE SCHOLARSHIP INFORMATION FOR I 
I STUDENTS WHO NEED I I MONEY FOR COLLEGE I 
I Every Student i8 Eligible for Some Type of I I Financial Aid Regardless of Grades or Parental Income. I 
I . W. h.., .. I dlta bank of oyer 200,000 listings of schotlnahtps, I 
I fellowahlps. grents, Ind loins, rep ..... ntlng over $10 billion In prlvete I sectCIt' funding. I I . "Iny schotlnahlps Ire given to students baed on their ecedemlc 
I Inte ... ts. e_r plans. lemlly heritage Ind piKe of residence. I • There's money _liable for stude,.. who h_ been newspaper elr· I I rlena, grocery elertcs. eheerleaders, non-smokers ... stc~ I . Results GUARANTEED. I 
I I CALL For A Free Brochure ;!] I I ANYTIME (800) 346-6401 _ I L _____________________ ~ 

1toIh'. WAltlHOUSl- In "-y MuG, _ c:on-y St.· 
FUTONS OR FRAMIS 

5% DISCOUNT 
... WAY LOU .... & .- PUTOII 

when you buy eoIIon futon & Twin $96.90 Queen $126.35 
lounger herein. simuijaneously FuI$114.95 King $190.00 
....... I'UION' 
Twin 6' $60 Twin 8· sao 
Fuls' $70 Ful8· $90 
o.-e- sao 0u.18· $100 
Ki1a s· $110 King 8· $130 
Twin 3- $oM (cotton) 
(1XIIIDfI) 

...... - I'UION ...., COVIIII 

....... Soid Prill 
Twin S- $89 S34 S50 Fuls- $99 T 
o.-s- $109 F $38 $55 

Q $43 .., 

NIW STOIII HOU .. 
Thurs. 12-7 pm; Fri. 12-5 pm 
Sat_ 10-S pm; Sun_ 11-4 pm 
Mon.-Wed. appaintn .. ntI 
292-4673 or 569-7081 
VlSA-MASTllCARD-YlSI 

IVI'OIIS IVfOIIS 
Twin S· $69 Twin 8· $89 
HA6' $89 Ful8· $109 
(Men 6- $99 ~8' $129 
(2 pi«IIs of (2pitK;t1sof 
convoI4Md 101m convoIuIed /own 
;, COfB) in an) 

PIIAMU _-WAY 
NLL lID LOUIn .. 
Pine $109 fIIAMU 
0lIl $199 Twin $012 
Swing $169 FIll SSI 
SIeeI $266 0Jeen S53 
CheIIu $159 King $90 

...... INVDIIOIty TUI. 
Prices subject to change. 

DeiveIY available. 
·4107 Mercury 51., w....t-. .... , .. 

T al<a 1-805 or to 1-63 to Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Go 2 blocks south on MerCUIY St. on 

• Chronic or unusual fatigue. 
Usenik emphasized that there 

is no single way to prevent getting 
a cold or flu , but suggests washing 
hands frequently, since colds and 
flus are spread by hand-ta-hand 
contact or after rubbing the eyes or ~y I~~~~~!!~~~~~::::::~~::::::::::::::::::::::::::~ nose. Mike Alberts and Larry Little discuss shooting of next scene. F;"':"EVE::=RY="=H=n::.=G~WE==5IU.:::-:I5~DI5C::;::OUNTEDMW;;;;'n"""" 

NE comer of MerculY and Ronson Rd. 

The home of the 
49¢ hamburger. 

Reg. $74.95 
Sale $59.89 

# 

DELTA FORCE 
Men's Hi-Top 

(Air-cushioned) 
,~~ 

AVIA " 
.. 

AVlA450 
Reg. $49.95 

Sale $42.89 

SPERRY TOPSIDER SAUCONY 
PRESnGE LO 
REG. $69.95 

SALE $59.89 
ONLY 
$24.95 
Reg. $38.00 

Ca~ C[]py 
• SELF SERVICE COPIERS 

• VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
• PROFESSORS NOTES 

• Free Parking 
• Book Binding 

• Copies while you wait 

Hours: Mon ·ThIII 8: .... ·30· I'It ..... ; Sat. 12-4 

1 Ii) MCl)OIIi1ldJm ~ &!fou. 
7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 

IL_ ... I!!!!!!!-----------________ _ 
---ALLAMEruCAN-MEAL---

Quarter Pounder ii' with Cheese. Medium Fry. 

II Medium-Size Soft Drink 
~ 

Cosh YOt ... : II 
1/ 20 011 cen1 

II Limit one coupon per 
III customer. per visit, Please present coupon when ordering. Not valid with II any other offer. 

II 
Just $1 99 :1 

(plus tax) II 
Onty at: II 71~I=Rd@ tm'l_:::.~: __ 1237 Proeped OM ..... La Jolla '-I-+. - ______ iiiii_iii 

e:., euthentk ...... c:uiIine In. NlMing nI .... ~ MIUi ..... .-no~ 
nd ..... oce ftne cIning overlooWng ihe La JaIItt Co. 

"W7nnerISoUfhem ~ Restaurant WritcBAs5ocNlUon Award." 
''Excellent food and service" 

Ramola Mahajani 
Corporate MwIIger. Taj Group of Hotels. ~. India 
Specializing In T aodoo ri & ve~e~arian dlsh~s, 

mild to hot spi<:y curries f., dehclo" Biryanres .• 

()pen 7 Days 
Lunch: 11 :30-2:30 
Dinner: 5:00-9:30 71shoJa CUISINE Of' INOlA 

Reservations 454·6263 j 
ate Price . All major crd, 
cards /Ire accepted 

Girard Avenue, La 
(2nd _CDTlefof lower Girard and"-rtSt.) 

• 

.... ~----------------.. ----4 
20% OFF 

for all UCSD Students, 
Faculty and Staff* 

-EXt:iuding Fri., Sal .• Sun. & Holiday. 
Pka"" preunl coupon wlren orcUring. 

BUFFET LUNCH 
All You Can Eat 
Everyday $6.95 

Dil/COUnl doe. IIbIcppiy to Buffet. L - - - ________ ..tL ______________ -' 



12 SPORTS 

•••••••••• 
I EnXw the Juiciest I 
I BurS!ers in Town I 

: 2 1: 
: for : 
I Buy any hamburger, I 
• 

sandwich or gyros and I 
get a second one 

: FREE! : 
: JEfF'S BURGERS : 
• 2512 Avenlda De La Playa I 

La Jolla Shores 454-8038 
I Musl hove student 1.0. Expires t/25190 .1 
••••••••• 

Cosmetic & Family 
DENTISTRY 
Take the bite out 

of your dental concerns 

274·811£ 
214-2483 

Jiarri.et 'F SeCtiin , '1).94.'1). 
CHAMPUS & most 
insu ranee accepted 
After work / After cl ass 

and Saturday appointments 

4453 Clairemont Mesa Bird. 
(corner of Genesee) 

FREE 
DRINK REFILLS 

Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

La Jolla Vlllage Center 

AIDS 
EDUCATION 
RESEARCH 

Participants must be: 
• 18-35 years old 
• single 
• heterosexual 

Participants will be paid. 
Call 

578-5303 

FIELDS 
Continued from page 13 

It was an improvement, but the 
arrangement provided a distinct 
home-field non-advantage, as the 
infield resembled a concrete play-
ground and the outfield lacked a 
fence. The team also had to share 
the fi eld with slow-pitch leagues 
sponsored by the JCC. 

W ight, who turned the team into 
a national contender during her 
tenure, took part in initial planning 
discussions for a permanent facil-
ity but resigned before the final 
blueprints were drawn up. 

The close monitoring and 
double-checking continued under 
former Head Coaches Lin Adams 
and Lisa Bassi in early 1988. A 
few details were changed, such as 
determining the location of the 
bleachers, and designating the 
distance for the outfield fence -
190 feet down each foul line, and 
220 feet to dead center - over 
which only one homerun was hit in 
the inaugural season. 

A primary issue that remained 
the top concern throughout the 

The UCSD Guardian 

planning involved making sure the 
field met NCAA distance regula-
tions, guaranteeing that UCSD 
would be eligibte to host aregional 
or national touman1ent in the fu-
ture. The team, which has earned a 
regional benh each of the last two 
years, put in a bid to host regionals 
last year but was denied and was 
compelled to travel to Michigan. 

The denial was probably a good 
thing, as the field was missing 
bleachers, restrooms, and function-
ing water fountains until this past 
Fall. Thefans who showed up were 
usually told to "S. Y. O.L. - Bring 
Your Own Lawnchair". 

Other features that the field has 
possessed since its relative com-
pletion last January include an 
electronic scoreboard, a batting 
cage, bullpen mounds, a collap-
sable fence, a regulation backstop, 
top-quality grass , fenced-in dug-
outs, and a private storage facility. 

The team worked with nothing 
even close to these facilities in pre-
vious years - these were definite 
dreams come true for players who 
were used to assembling and tak-
ing down the batting cage every 

Summer Employment 
Opportunities with 
The MITRE Corporation 
Lalolla, CA 

The MIT RE Corpora tion is currently interviewing for pos itions 
which will be ava ila ble durin g the summer of 1990. Each of the 
positions listed below will be working closely with academic 
scientists a nd/or o ther office stoff a t our LaJolla, CA field site . 

Word Processing Operator 
Yo u will e nte r d ra ft report s and correspondence into word proc. 
e ssing systems . Specific tasks include keying in handwritten 
draft ma teria l, proofing drafts, insert ing transfers and main. 
taining a ll req ui red logs a nd tracking sheets for various materi· 
a!s, and d istributing review cop ies. To qualify, you must have a 
hIgh school dIploma or equiva lent education , a typing profi. 
ciency certificate, plus typing skills of 55-70 wpm. 1-2 years of 
secretarial and word processing experience is highly de si rable. 

Library Technician 
Perform a wide var iety of tasks designed to p rovide qua lity 
library.re la ted services to our sto ff . Responsibilities include 
ma inta ining the libra ry collection; receiving, recording, a nd 
returning materia ls obta ined from other area stoff; and operat· 
ing our com puterized library sea rch/retrieval system. To qua l. 
ify, you must have high school or equ ivalent education, plus 
accurate 'yping skills . Coll ege level work is preferred . Familiar. 
ity with library p ractices would be very helpful . 

Receptionist 
Toke responsibility fo r answe ring and screening phone calls, 
tak ing messages, and assisting in controll ing bu ilil ing access by 
checking identif ication ond escorting requ irements. Specific 
tasks include: coordinating pick .ups and deliveries of pock· 
ages, mainta ining a visitor log, temporary badge and out-of· 
hours logs, plus da ily accountability of visitor badges, filing 
and distribution of ma il. To qualify, you must have a high school 
diploma or equivalent, a typing proficiency certificate (35 
wpm), and possess tact and good iudgment . Experience as a 
Reception ist is extremely desi rable. 

Call us to set up an interview. 
To orronge a personal appointment, plea .. contact 
Ms . Charlene Bennett at 619-459-9701 betwe.n Jan-
uary 8- 19, 1990. We or. on equal opportunityl 
aHirmative action employer. U.S. Citizenship 
required . 

~~IMITRE 

day at practice. 
Accessibility was a factor cited 

by several players as a definite 
plu for the new facility . The on-
campus location does not pose the 
same problems as playing at the 
JCC: Games are visible to pas-
sersby and students heading for 
intramural games on the NCRA 
fields; players and students with-
out transportation no longer have 
to solicit rides to practices and 
games; and the team has full-time 
use of the field. 

"It was such a pain to go off-
campus for practices and games," 
Pam Harnack, a junior who expe-
rienced the transplantation to the 
new facility said. 

"Nobody used to come watch 
because it was such an inconven-
ience. Now more people know 
where to find us, and the accessi-
bility has brought out some fans." 

The most imponant point is that 
not only des the softball team now 
have a true home-field advantage 

Thursday, January 11, 1990 

- it lost only one home game last 
season - but the team is not faced 
with scheduling conflic ts. In fact, 
the "First Annual Triton Tri," a 
three-team tournament that has 
evolved into a six-team event this 
April, was the first softball tourna-
ment UCSD has ever hosted. 

Not only can several competi-
tive and/ornationally ranked teams 
be showcased at the same time, but 
the field makes it possible to at-
tract the best Division m teams to 
UCSD for head-to-head combat 
- something that was vinually 
impossible just two years ago. 

Since the team is experiencing 
a coaching transition, it is difficult 
to pinpoint the effects the changes 
have wrought on the team's per-
formance. General consensus 
among players is that the facility 
has vastly improved the current 
program. With the development of 
a powerhouse program, the field 
will likely have a positive effect 
for recruiting purposes. 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 
By PHll... GRUEN 

Sports Editor 

(Phil is currently 12-9) 

NFL Championship Games 
Favorite 
SAN FRANCISCO 
DENVER 

Spread 
71/2· 

4· 

Underdog 
Los Angeles 
Cleveland 

PHU':S ANAL YSIS ... Ouch. This one really hUrts. 
Anyone, anyone but the Rams. No, no, no. Tell me if s not 
true. Tell me it didn't happen. Tell me the Los Angeles 
Rams dido't suffer through two playoff road games and 
still manage to wind up in the NFC Championship game. 
Tell me ... you're serious, aren't you? Well, if nothing 
else, the Los Angeles Rams deserve to be in this game. 
They really, really deserve it. Of course, so do their 
opponents: the San Francisco 4gers. Sunday's game is 
going to be a bambumer- pitting the undisputed top two 
teams in the NFLwith one another- and it will probably 
be decided within the last minut , ~i'" the 4gers favor. 
Barely. Butnot by this spread. No way. Personally, I wish 
one of these teams was in theAFC. Wouldn't the Niners-
Rams make a great Super Bowl? 

The other game? Well, it doesn't really matter, of 
course - we are talking about he APe - but Denver 
should cover the spread (something itcouldn 't manage to 
do last week against the Steelers). Cleveland is in this 
game by the skin of its teeth, and the dawgs are going to 
lose their bite. I can't believe I'm actually doing this, but 
PHIL recommends that you take the ... 

RAMS & BROWNS 
·Of'ficiaJ line from TwrrslqJ and HanJ: Jr., Family, CA 

Sports Writers! 
You lult. Can 'l Get Paid ... 
unless you sign 

your tim.esheets! 
This can be doae best 

by comlni to the sports 
writers meetlill on Thu., 
Jan. 11 at' p ..... All writ· 
ers stUllnterested mould 
attend. New wrtters wei· 
come. 

CaD PhD or Dana at 
534-6S8l for more Infor-
mation. 

Thursday, January 11, 1990 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 13 

FIELDS ballpark - are being planted to players' performance, Yates did enhance the aesthetic quali ties of mention that the relocation and 
Continued from page 14 the fi eld. The reason fo r the shorter improvement could see the host-

To help keep this turf in tip-top trees, according to Yates, is so they ing of a regional or perhaps the 
shape, an irrigation system, identi - will not shed the ir leaves all over Division III College World Series 
cal to that at Jack Murphy , has the playing surface, as was the case sometime down the road. 
been constructed so that one can be so often on the old field. 
"walking right over a sprinkle r head But perhaps most important, Softball Field 
and not even notice," Yates said. according to Yates, is the new As late as 1986, the UCSD 
Last year, the infield had to be field's "visibility" aspect. The other softball team hosted home games 
hand-watered. field was a "well -kept secret" at by moving a backstop and throw-

The dugout improvements in- UCSD because of its hidden loca- ing down some bases on Warren 
elude a water fountain, power out- tion in the midst of the eastern West field. That is, when it didn' t 
lets, and lights - none of which campus. Though the new field is get kicked off because of schedul-
were present in the old dugouts . relatively close to the old one, its ing conflicts ' with intramural 

The dimensions of the field will placement at the comer of Old games. A permanent solution was 
be shonened by 10 feet all the way Miramar Road across from Scripps needed. 
around the outfield fences. The Hospital makes it visible not only " Six or eight years ago, when 
new dimensions measure 330 feet to passers-by along Old Miramar the recreation area was designated, 
down both the left and right field Road, but also to those either walk- building a softball field was defi-
lines, and 400 feet to straightaway ing or driving along Gilman Drive nitely one of the highest priorities 
center.Yates said he modeled the (heading east near Pepper Can- for intercollegiate space," Joseph 
field dimensions after the Oakland yon) and for a brief time to drivers Watson, Vice Chancellor of Un-
Coliseum. on Interstate 5. dergraduate Affairs, explained. 

Yates said that the players are Yates worked closely with De- A temporary agreement set up 
"excited" about the new field, but sign and Construction Office, scru- by Colleen Wight, the head coach 
the pitchers are not ecstatic about tinizing the blueprints and the at the time, moved the games a 
the shoner fences. construction manual, so as toselect mile away to the Jewish Commu-

Surrounding the fences, a the best location and perspective nity Center between Genesee and 
slightly different species of euca- for the field. Regents, where the field's lone 
Iyptus trees - shorter and thicker Though he could not speculate vinue was the din infield. 
than the ones surrounding the old on how the field would affect his See FlELDS, page 13 

Greg BenaIGlWdian 

World Cup Stretch - Members of the United States na-
tional soccer team, pictured here stretching out before 
yesterday's practice, are currently training for the U.S. 's first 
World Cup entry in 40 years at La Jolla Fields, just south of 
campus. The United States defeated Trinidad and Tobago in 
the qualifying round ~ months ago, and will be competing 
in the World Cup from June 8 to July 8 in Italy. The team will 
be practicing at La Jolla fields until Jan. 18. 

Weekend lntercolkgiate Sports Attractions ... 
l!IIIl 
Basketball (M) 
Basketbd (W) 

SPRING BREAKS 

SEA KAVAKING 
CUNIC IN 
THE SEA OF 
CORTEZ 

BOUNCE. SPLASH AND SLIDE 
)':-'1 r \' ':>' ,::",".1 •• .- r ~ 1 \\'~ 'I 
b,. . f ',' 'I' I ~ 1 ; tl 
dll( ,_ {jny ".Il~' .\',:J 1, r ,_ .( l,'~' I~:'I 
'C""'f i, t, \'.' t~1 I;:'dlf rl~' • ~,":l ,,!"d 
d, :,,!'''t I. "'1 ,:".1),: I ,,'. I!i I 
\"'111' 1\ 1'-, t I-'q \;~ 1_1 :lr11f' 1 i J 

C1111"'~~1; t~I' tl ,,: . .',y~:.J(, 

Ouhng Dalc~: March 23 - 30 
Co~t: S 269 

SKI UTAH I 
THIS SPRING 
FOR $199 
INCLUDING LIFTS! 

AN UNfORGETTA8lf SETTING 10 leam 
kayoIcing among the chain oIooinhab-
ited islands off Bahia De Los Angeles in 
the sumy Sea 01 Cortez. Trip inc:Ldes: 
transportalian, most meals, all boating 
equipment, instructors and all group 
CXJr11)ing equipment. 
Outing dales: March 24-29 

$249 Cost: 

NORTHERN 
CALIFORNIA 

WHITEWATER 
ADVENTURE 

THAT'S lIGHT, three days cI skiing 
-. lodging at Brian Head resort, 
c:ompl ... wi'" jacuzzi, sauna, cable 
T.V. and free shuttIea 10 ht slopes 
Mf)' 15 minutes. 1he rMOrt is Iocolld 
just 300 meters from .... Iifts. 
Outing dales: 
Cost: 

March26-29 
$199 

FOI' men Irip information cal or ~sit II. 

l!Iatl 
III Redlands University 
Cal Lutheran 
Poaaona-Plber 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD 

Du 
Saturday 
Friday 
Saturday 

I.IDI& 
8:00 
7:00 
7:00 

p.m. 
p.m. 
p.m. 

BIG MEAL, 
"BIGGER DEAl. 

--------------------------------Buy any regular footIong sub 
and 22-oz. Pepsi for $3.99 

(savings of up to $1 .80) 

"ali" at t"e /0I10wing locatio". only: 

8650 Ge.e.ee 
in the 

Costa Verde Food Court 

558-6811 
E.xpIter 1131190. 

6780 Miramar Rd. 
behind Carl's Jr. 
Op •• Z4 ..... 

549-6969 

Outback Adwntures office of x40684 
~ ________________________________ J 

.. 

... -



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 11, 1990 

Sports 

UCSD's FIELDS of DREAMS ••• 
Become Reality for Baseball and Softball Programs 

By PHIL GRUE AND DANA CHAIKEN 
Sports Editor and Associate Sports Editor 

Editors' Note: This is the first of a two-part feaTUre 
on the new fields at UCSD. This issue will cover the 
the baseball and softballfields, and the next issue will 
address the nell' track and the soccer field in the North 
Campus Recreation Area. 

I t can hardly be denied that the splattering of four 
new fields on the UCSD campus has al-
ready had a profound and enduring impact 
on the intercollegiate and intramural pro-
grams alike, even in the still early stages of 
their existence. 

Within the past year and a half, UCSD 
has witnessed one new area, the North 
Campus Recreation Area (NCRA) which 
includes the soccer field and the softball 
field, come to its full fruition. Within the 
next couple of months, the campus will see 
twO even newer facilities - the baseball 
field and the track - al ive with intercolle-
giate activity. 

As far as impact is concerned, each of 
the fields has either already seen some 
results oris expecting some in theimmedi-
ate future. 

A new baseball field, located on the 
eastern section of campus across Old Mi-
ramar Road from Scripps Hospital, was 
officially turned overto UCSD's intercol-
legiate department on Tuesday. The new 
field features higher visibilty and some of 
the best turf money can buy, according to 
Head Coach Lyle Yates. The new field is 
located relatively close to old Olsen Field, 
but for the first time, it is a field which can 
be viewed clearly from a commonly used 
road and does not require a major detourin 
order to be reached. 

For the softball team, the relatively 

first time in three years. Last year, the inaugural season on 
the new field, the team produced a final 35-9 record and, at 
one point, boasted the number two ranking in the nation and 
the number one ranking in the West Region. Both record and 
rankings were the best ever for the UCSD intercollegiate 
softball team. 

Baseball Field 
The reason behind the moving and revitalization of the 

baseball field was because of a "relocation" process. Be-

cause the UCSD Revised Long Range Development 
Plan allocated space for the Thornton Hospital and 
Perlman Ambulatory Care Center (scheduled occu-
pancy, Sep. 1991) in the same location where the old 
baseball field was placed, the relocation process was 
funded entirely by the university. 

Boone Hellmann, Assistant Vice Chancellor for the 
Office of Faci lities, Design, and Construction, ex-
plained that the relocation process meant that the 
univerSity would agree to any and all fundings which 

would replace the field " in kind," which 
means that the new field would be con-
structed to match the previous field. Fund-
ing for any additonal enhancements would 
have to come from other sources. 

The new field , however, will house a 
number of new features which the older 
field did not have, specifically; new sod, 
an advanced irrigation system, new di-
mensions, improvements in the dugouts, 
and different trees surrounding the field, 
Yates told the Guardian. He also men-
tioned that if a new electronic scoreboard 
is not installed, there would be no score-
board at all. 

"I guarantee we're not going to use the 
old system," Yates promised, concerning 
the system of the old scoreboard. For 
years, the "system" has required members 
of the team to manually update the score-
board by running down to the outfield 
fence between innings and putting up the 
numbers. 

The new turf is what as known as a 100 
percent Santa Ana/Berrnuda sod, which is 
similar to the surface at San Diego 's Jack 
Murphy Stadium, where the Padres play. 
Yates said that this is the best type of 
playing surface available in Southern 
California 

young year-old facility has already meant The intercollegiate softball field, dedicated last February and used last 
the team's own on-campus field for the season, is a main component of the North Campus Recreation Area. 

"Give this field one year's growth, and 
it's going to be the smoothest surface in 
San Diego," he said. 

See FIELDS, pace 13 

JANUARY 11, 1 990 

Concert: 
Red Flag to perform at 
tomorrow's TG 

Albums: 
Hiatus reviews Rush, Human 
Drama, The Graces 



Beer Softball: Boot Factor 2 
Beer Softball is linked to our national heritage. [n the spirit of 

the Constitution, it introduces a system of checks and balances to 
ordinary softball: the more you get on base, the more you drink. 
Unbalanced superiority is thereby held in check by correspond. 
ing amounts of brew. 

Since Beer Softball has been around so long, there are many 
variations. The classic version requires that all base-runners 
consume some portion of beer, usually half a cup, before passing 
any base. 

There are several difficulties involved with this. First, making 
sure all those beers are ready for consumption at each base can be 
a logistical nightmare. Players do best to elect a Beer Bimbo-
usually someone's little brother or sister-who will faithfully serve 
the bases. Second, the game can proceed quite slowly, especially 
when sluggish drinkers find their way into the festivites . Third, 
after a couple of home-run balls from the hot batters, replace-
ments for the e wounded will be needed. Babe Ruth would have 
been a lot pudgier if he had played in this league. 

Party Safe -- Don't Drink and Drive 
The Guardian does not condone the consumption of alcohol by minors. 

Repnnted with penni ion from The Complete Book of Beer Prinking Gamg; 
Ben Rand. Andy Griscom and Scott Johnston. Copyright 1989. Available at 
bookstores or from Mustang Publishing, PO Box 9327, New Haven. cr 06533 
plus $1.50 poorage) . 

Mira Mesa Edwards Theaters 
566-1917 

War of the Roses Back to the Future II 
Always Born on the Fourth of July 

University Towne Centre 
452-7766 

Glory Driving Miss Daisy 
Always Born on the Fourth of July 

Back T o The Future II Tango & Cash 

La Jolla Villa._ Theaters 
453-7831 

She Devil Family Business 
War of the Roses The Little Mermaid 

Internal Affairs 

K.n CI ..... --2.3·5909 
1/11: IlIuminations/porrrait of Imogen 

1/12: High School Confidential 
1/13: Depeche Mode's 101/Talking Head's Stop Making Sense 

Every 'rI. & Sat. at Mltlnl,1m 
Rocky Horror Plctu... Show 

r-------------------, ! TANS $1 ! 
I One for You, One For A Friend I 
I I ! I 30 TAN DAYS $29 I! 
I Wolff Beds· Facial Tanners· With this ad I 
I Tan 4 Less, Pacific Tan, Trim & Tan, and Mission Tan I 1== = =:_ ~106 54200391 581_ 22+f727 &piN 1I25l10 
I European Body Wrap $68 _ 
I lose e· guarlfllMd or you don' pay. Not IIImporwy WIIer_ No .X«Cite or dieting. I 

Call foI dIIIh· 2nd 30 lin days $39.119· FIIII·tIne diIrU 
L ___________________ ~ 

THURSDAY 
JANUARY 11 

MUSIC 
The San Diego Symphony 

Orchestra will perform at Man-
deville Auditorium at 8 pm. The 
orchestra will play works by Pulit-
zer Prize winning composer Char-
les Wuorinen, who will also con-
duct. Admission: general admis-
sion $15, faculty/staff $7 .50. For 
more information, call 534-4505. 

Thursday on the Green: Local 
band The Cardiff Reefers will 
perform from 12-1 pm atthe Price 
Center Plaza. 

ElLM 
The Bond series, "From Russia 

With Love" will be shown at 6:30 
and 9:00 p.m. at the Price Center 
Theatre. Admission is $3.50. 

FRIDAY 
JANUARY 12 

MUS[C 
Enigma recording artists Red 

Flag will perform at the TG at 4:30 
pm on the gym steps. 

fILM 
Hardcore Film Production will 

be showing their film "Bugs in our 
Hair" at 7:00 p.m. at the Price 

Center Theatre. Repeated show-
ing at 9:00 p.m., with a discussion 
time berween the rwo screenings. 
Admission: $2 . Free for Hardcore 
Film Production members. For 
more information, call 273-3558. 

DANCE 
Winter quarter fundraising 

dance: Kiabigang Pilipino, 9 p.m. 
at the Ocean View Lounge. UCSD 
students $3, general admission $4. 

SATURDAY 
JANUARY 13 

DANCE 
V.S.A. Dance, 9:00p.m. atthe 

Price Center Ballroom 

MONDAY 
JANUARY 15 

MUSlC 
A concert in tribute to Martin 

Luther King will be performed by 
the UCSD Gospe[ Choir at 8:00 
pm in the MandevilleAuditorium. 
For more information, call 534-
4505. 

WEDNESDAY 
JANUARY 17 

Carol Isaac will perform at the 
Grove from 5-6:30 pm. 

DANCE 
Israeli Folk Dancing will be 

demonstrated at 8:00 pm in the 
Price Center Ballroom A. 

Currently Showing 

Running 1/4-2/3 at the Grove 
Gallery: "Hard Copy," a com-
puter art exhibit. 

The gallery is open Tues. 
throughFri.,lOam-5pm,andSat., 
10 am-2pm. Closed on Sun 

~PIr1 promodng 
an~'M,~ event 

ta~l&tul 
l£·.,. ... bv m~: 

office. ~ call 534-6583 
and ask to spealc with 

either 
Jennifer or Lara. 

OOPS! 
In the 1/8/90 issue, The 
Guardian failed to note 

that Rimas Uzgiris 
took the photograph 

utilized on the cover of 
the Features section. 
The Guardian regrets 

this error. 

Hiatus Staff Box 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Hiatus Editor 
Patricia Jettie 

Associate Hiatus Editor 
Helena Leng Loh 

Music Editor 
Bryan Dias 

Editorial Assistants 
Lara Heisler Jennifer Yancey 

Senior Staff Writers 
Christina Huizar 
Nancy Muntner 

Audrey Lyn Winterer 
Staff Writers 

Laura Baker Mike Berta 
Scott Casmer Eric Gustafsen 
Melinda Hamilton Lara Heisler 
Josh Odintz Michael Schwartz 
Jean Suzuki Jennifer Yancey 

Contributing Writers 
Caroline Altman 

Ramine Bahrambegi 
Wende Bischoff Walter R. Bitts 

James Dariow 
Pierre de Gaillande 

Joceliza Gonzaga Kevin Hultquist 
James E. Ingman Michael Newton 

Marie Pasternak 

Hiatus is a weekly suppliment to the UCSD Guardian. Free-lance material is accepted with prior 
editorial ap roval. 

Just minu'" from CangzUl in Holidqy Court 
SAN DIEGO'S MOST UNIQUE UQUOR STORE • OUTSTANDING SELECnON 
OF FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC WINES, BEERS a LIQUORS • INTERNAnONAL 
AND OUT-OF-STATE NEWSPAPERS • LOTTO. LOTTERY. GOURMETFOODS 
fROM HOMEMADE TO DECADENT. BUD'S SAN FRANCISCO ICE CREAM 

PARLOR. CUSTOM GIFT BASKETS • UNIQUE CARDS AND GIFTS-WE BEUM 
WE HAVE THE BEST SELEC'nON IN SAN DIEGOI • MOVIE RENTALS 

• POPCORN • IMPORTED CHOCOlATES 
FREE DELIVERY in La Jolla, Golden Triangle 

area on all orders of $35 and over 
OPEN: SUN.-THURS, 6 am-Mid., FRI.-SAl'. 6 am-2 am 3251 Holiday Court off VHIa La Jolla 466·1414 

We pacicage and .hip anywhere. 

---- ...... 

Ice cream cone from : 
Bud's Ice Cream Parlor I 

~) ~:~:~!:! !!;K/FNEWRYEARE'S SPEECIAL : 
and get a 2nd cone I I , 

I llrpw. 1/31/90 I L _______________________________ ~ 

EB movies II 
'Family Business' Fails to 

Steal the Show 
By Nancy Munter 
Senior Staff Writer 

consequences of this act. 
It's hard to imagine how a film 

starring such talented actors could 
The commercials touting the fail so miserably. One possible 

new film "Family Business" depict reason is the lack of an interesting 
it as light comedy. Actually, the story. There is an hour of tedious 
movie is anything but. "Family set up before the robbery finally 
Business" is a drama and, unfortu- takes place. We learn that Adam 
nately, a slow-paced, boring, waste and Vito don't get along, that they 
of talent. don't see eye to eye, that they 

"Family Business" stars Sean don't agree-get the picture? 
Connery (Jessie McMullen), Jessie and Vito are also at odds. 
Dustin Hoffman (Vito McMul- Nobody actually likes Vito very 
len), and Matthew Broderick much, even though he's the only 
(Adam McMullen). Connery's one smart enough to see the nega-
Jessie is a light-hearted criminal tive side of a life of crime. 
who serves as a role model for The film also has major prob-
Broderick's Adam . Hoffman's lems in the reality department. For 
Vito, on the other hand, is an example, when Adam asks Vito 
uptight bore who never accepted out ofrhe blue for $800, Vito pulls 
his son, Adam, as a criminal even out a wad of cash that would 
though Vito used to be one too. humble Donald Trump-and 

The film entails a burglary Adam doesn't bat an eyelash. 
committed by these three genera- Another thing that does not 
tionsofthieves, and the disastrous See FAMILY, page 6 

r-------------------, I Interested in music, movies, theater, art, I 
I dance, or comedy? If so, become a writer I 
I for Hlatusl Call 534-6583 or stop by the I 
I new Guardian offices (upstairs at the old I 
I student center-across from the Gym). I 
: Ask to speak with Patty, Leng, Bryan, : 

Lara, or Jennifer. L ___________________ ~ 

'Drugstore Cowboy' 
By Michael Schwartz 

Staff Writer 
These days, movies are about a lot of crazy things. From time machines to comic book characters, 

from babies that talk to animals that talk, Hollywood seems to be desperately avoiding real people. 
"Drugstore Cowboy," an authentic depiction of the lives of drug addicts, is a film that does just the 
opposite: it opens up the world of several addicts and lets the viewer into their world, distorted as it 
maybe. 

This movie presents the unromanticized reality of drug addiction. Bob Hughes (Matt Dillon) and 
his wife (Kelly Lynch) tour around the northwest robbing drug stores and hospitals of anything they 
can get their hands on. It is their sole obsession-theil'work is getting drugs and their recreation is 
using them. Only after their constant superstitions catch up with them and bad luck hits, Bob is able 
to look for redemption. 

The screenplay, based on the novel by James Fogle, is gripping and captures this world that we 
usually try to avoid with vivid details and strong imagery. This is not surprising, since Fogle is.an 
inmate currently serving time for pharmaceutical robberies in the 1970s. We can only assume that 
this work may be greatly autobiographical for Fogle. 

Director Gus Van Sant perfectly captures the darkness of this world. The cinematography of quick 
pans and close ups, combined with eerie music, leaves strong images in the minds of his audience. 
He uses several devices, including objects floating across the screen, to accent the lost hopes of the 
main characters. These characters live in a black and white world. 

Dillon, also appearing in "Bloodhounds on Broadway," delivers a stunning performance as a man 
who has known nothing but drugs his whole life. Bob has a first name relationship with the police 
and is able to rationalize their trashing his house with " if there weren't good cops around, the com-
petition would be so heavy, there'd be nothing left to steal." Lynch does an equally compelling job 
as Bob's wife, Dianne. 

The movie is clearly presented from Bob's view. To him, Dianne is someone to help him on his· 
drug runs. He says at the start, "[ loved her and she loved dope." 

Also worth mentioning is Father Tom, portrayed by William S. Burroughs. This addict, a 
defrocked priest, proves a successful device in showing what an entire life of drug use can do. 

This is not a light movie. There is constant tension and uneasiness throughout the film. [n 
exposing the human suffering and drama that lies in the life of crime and drugs, the message is clear. 
The life ofadrug addict is painful and complex, and a "Just Say No" ad on TV won't make a difference. 

Since drug use is such a controversial issue today, it comes as no surprise that "Drugstore Cowboy" 
was produced by the independent film company Avenue Pictures. This is not "Clean amI Sober" or 
"Bright Lights, Big City." It focuses on the reality of the common drug user, someone without any 
other activities in his lie: job, friends, and so on. 

[f you're getting turned off by the current wave of car chases and other assorted meaningless ac-
tivities, this is the film to see. It rips open the hopeless world of drugs, that most of us will never ex-
perience, in a powerful and moving way. 

GREAT 
DEALS ON 

FILM DEVELOPING 
Get double prints of every color roU-every day! 

Standard Extra 
size large 

12 expo 24 prints 

r99 r47 15 expo 30 prints 3.79 4.39 24 expo 48 prints 4.99 5 .95 36 expo 72 prints 6.99 8.43 
Back-To-School Special 

January 4-12 

EFF 
NFIELD 

Free 5 x 7 color enlargement with 
any roll developing and printing. 
(Offer good from color negative only. No slides. No limit) 

-

MEDIA CRITIC & POLITICAL ANALYST SPEAKING ON 
POLITICS & THE MEDIA 

A syndicated columnist and political! 
media analyst at ABC News, Green· 
field brings a unique wit and pcrspcc-
tive to OUI political scene. As an 
'aging baby-boomer· who was. ·part 
of the first generation that liked rock 
& roll,· his usc of cultun1 artifacts to 
make a political point is legendary. 

His incisive comments combined with 
his dry humor have made him a cult 
hero to millions oflate·night news 
junkies who catch his regular appcar-
ances on ABC-lV's Ni6htlJ,., and 
read his columns. He is, as the Viu.,g. 
Voi&l has said, • the most literate wit' 
of anyone in lV news. 

FEBRUARY 2 a FRIDAY • 8 PM • MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
G.A. $9.00 • STUDENTS $5.00 • SLCIT. $8.00 ??~==-
UCSD BOX OFFICE' 534.4559 T1Q1C_","~"', 

.. , C~ .....ca .... to.. 
••• ,aY8-" •• 

Presented by UCSD University Bvents &: Student Activitia 

THE SUNSHINE STORE 
Hours: 

MOr1day-friday 7 a.m.-ll p.m. 
Saturilay 9:3"0 a.m.-ll p.m. 

Sunday 9:30 a.m.-7 p.m. 

l'\I\'[[\SITY 
-----



II albums 

Rush 
Presto 
Atlantic 

For most hard rockers , selling 
albums till depend on explicit, 
sexual lyric , tight spandex, and 
high-pitched electric guitars. With 
Presto, Rush denie this tradition, 
maintaining their quiet refusal to 
jumponrock' trendy bandwagon. 

The band holds fast to their 
own self-imposed standard of 
music: a tightly-structured sound, 
dynamically woven to create a 
complex orchestral feeling. 

ing even a high school degree, has 
consistently produced some of the 
most thought-provoking and in-
tense lyrics in rock. He continues 
this in Presto, conveying strong, 
emotional messages. Anger per-
vades "Show Don't Tell," con-
demning humanity'sselfrighteous-
ness, and "Superconductor" attacks 
the influence and falsehood of the 
rock-star image. 

"The Pass" i Peart's best writ-
ing ever, as he discusses the con-
demnation and deglamoriztion of 
uicide: "no hero in your tragedy/ 

no daring in your escape/no sa-
lutes for you surrender/nothing 
noble in your fate ." 

But Peart expresses more than 
conviction, showing an under-
tanding, a tone which lends a 

note of personal concern: "it's not 
as if this barricade/blocks the only 
road/it's not as if you're all alone/ 
in wanting to explode.". 

In "Anagram (for Mongo)," 
Peart blasts political, religiOUS, and 

We're Open 
MON.-SAT. 10-9 
SUN. 11-7 
at 
515 First St, 
Encinitas 943-0041 
and 
6136 EI Cajon Blvd. 
265-0507 

NEW MUSIC FOR A NEW DECADE 
Mo rrissey Ouija Board, Ouija 
Boord (12') 
Bod Religion No Control 
Christian Death All the Love, All 
the Hate (pt, 1 & 2) 
Creatures Boomerang 
Bod Brains Quickness 
SkInny Puppy Love. War.Rlot 
(12") 
Nightsoul Ma n Gorden of 
Delights (LP) 
PHchfork Goddamn Chicken (EP) 

Grant Hart (ex Husker Du) 
Intolerance 
UB40 Labor of Love II 
Ministry The Mind Is a Terrible 
thing to Taste 
MuaoIlnl Head Kick Themes for 
Violent Retribution 
Nine Inch Nalls Pretty Hate 
Machine 
G...ater Tha n One G-Force 
Young Gods L'Eau Rouge 
Kat. Bush Sensual World 

NOWOPENI 
OFF THE RECORD, Hillcrest 

3865 Fifth Avenue, S.D. 298-4755 

An all-new laser show ' It to .11. tlmelels 
music of Pink Floyd 

REUBEN H. FLEET 

o,u ....... 1101 THEATER AND ICIENCE CENTER 

fir 
...... 

call 231-11" 
.. ". Plrl 

materialistic theme emphasized 
by the ubtitle. The song is a refer-
ence to the film "Blazing Saddles," 
in which Mongo, a musclebound 
idiot. receives a candygram that 
blows up in h is face. 

Thesong'sstrengthc mesfrom 
the manipulation of language -
in every verse, a single word forms 
an anagram from others in the 
same line: "Reasoning is partly in-
sane/image just an eyeless game." 

Unlike Peart, guitarist Alex 
Lifeson's talent as a songwriter has 
waned; seldom has his work risen 
above disappointing since the 1981 
release Moving Pictures. 

Though Lifeson limit Presto 
from attaining.the heights of these 
past albums, he i able to produce 
a number of skillful riffs. cranking 
through songs like "Chain light-
ning," "Scars," and "Available 
Light." 

The title track is the first pri-
marily acoustic song since "The 
Sphere" from the 1978 album 
Hemispheres . His writing abilities 
are not yet completely lost, but 
Presto exemplifies their continu-
ing demise. 

Of mo t songs on the album, 

WANTED 

t t tt t 'i 
ADVERTISING 

ACCOUNT 
EXECUTIVE 

Paid Position. 
Must have car. 

~ Call 

I 

The Guardian. 

~ 534·3467 

4 HIATUS JANUARY 1 1 f 1990 

even those with trong guitar work, 
it is Geddy Lee who makes them 
complete. Armed with a bass gui-
tar and keyboard, Lee structures 
and creates the musical theme for 
ongs like "Scar ," "Red Tide," and 

"The Pass." 
But the instrument Lee utilizes 

to its full potential is his voice. 
Deeper, more sophisticated, more 
versatile than in th e past, it is Lee's 
singing which carries "War Paint," 
"Superconductor," and "Hand 
Over Fist" from mediocrity to 
quality rock and roll. 

It is not individual abilities that 
have sustained Rush throughout 
the years. Lee, Lifeson, and Peart 
have a collective talent: the abil-
ity to work together to form a 
harmony of instrumentation and 
musicianship. This is most obvi-
ous on the album's climactic last 
cut, "Available Light." 

With this skill, Rush has once 
again produced an album of bril-
liance and beauty, without sacri-
ficing the hard-rock edge of th eir 
sound. 

By Mark Bubien 
Staff Writer 

Human Drama 
Feel 
RCA 

Human Drama's debut album, 
Feel, is a fascinating work about 
the ups and downs of life and the 
problems man faces during the 
transition from youth to old age. 
At first, the gravity of the lyrics are 
too much to stomach, bu t the eerie, 
gothiC music eventually becomes 
too compelling to ignore. 

The LA-based group, fronted 
by singer-songwri ter Johnny Indo-
vina, was clearly influenced by 
bands from the late seventies and 
early eighties. It seems as if either 
Joy Division or Bauhaus songs 
ended up on the album's fi nal cut. 

See ALBUMS, page 5 

Make Your $ Count 
on Food Not Trays! 

PLEASE RETURN OUR TRAYS 
This year we have purchased 12,400 replacement serving : 
trays. This decreased the amount we spent on food and ' 
service by $11780.00. Please help us maximize the : 
purchasing power of your dollar by returning serving trays, : 

Thank You, 

Your Decision. Your Choice. 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immediate 

Test Results 
• Pregnancy 

Termination 
• eneral or L al 

Ane th 'sia 
• Affordable 

Birth a ntral 
• Student Oi ount 

The College Line 
535-1379 

r;;;r;1 .1 ' ~oclIOlce 
Fomily PloHning 

Associotes 
Medicnl CrollP 


