
Gliding His Way 
Through College 
One Student Takes to the Air 

Features, page 10 

An' Ethereal 
Caterwaul 
Wailing and Whining To Acclaim 

Hiatus, page H1 

The UCSD 

1989·90: The 
Year In Sports 
Conclusion of a Two-Part Review 

Sports, page 18 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 70, NUMBER 20 THURSDAY, JUNE 7,1990 

UCB Suggests Lease Arbitration 

New Co-op Lease Approved, 
But Without Debated Clause 
By SHERRY LOWRANCE 
Staff Writer 

Failing to find a solution to the long-
running dispute over administration and 
police access to co-op keys, the University 
Center Board at its Monday meeting ap-
proved a space agreement that does not 
include the controversial key issuance and 
usage clause. 

The dispute that has arisen over the key 
issuance clause will be arbitrated by a neu-
tral third party next fall. 

arbitration board will see that." 
Carruthers did not seem so optimistic. 
" It is a policy issue, not an arbitration 

issue. University locks need to go on univer-
sity doors," he said. "I don ' t think you 
should arbitrate university policy." 

Carruthers cited liability, health, and 
safety issues as reasons why he believes the 
co-ops should have university key system 
locks. 

"The university has the responsibility to 
protect the co-ops," he said, adding that the 
system currently in use by the co-ops is not 
as secure as the university system. 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
"NBC Nightly News" commentator John Chancellor discussed America's role in the 
21 st century during his speech Tuesday night in the Price Center Ballroom. 

A.S. President John Edson, who was 
instrumental in forging the space agree-
ment, felt optimistic about its acceptance by 
the co-ops and the 
administration. 

All involved with the issue say that the 
fundamental dispute is over who owns the 

Chancellor Discusses Future 
Of U.S. Politics & Economy 

Edson said that Co-
op and Enterprises 
Representative to the 
UCB Steve Dubb, co-
op representatives and 
himself "came to an ..... IIIJJ==.~~~ 

"The co-ops don 't 
own the buildings," 
Carruthers said. "The 
regents own the prop-
erty and the buildings 
- that 's clear. Uni-
versity Jocks are ap-
propriate for univer-
sity facilities." 

NBC Commentator Warns of American 'Humiliations' agreement on every-
thing except the key 
issuance and usage 
clause," he said. Edson 
adding that he was able 
to win compromises 
and concessions from 
the university. 

By JENNIFER MEADOWS 
Guardian Reporter 

NBC News commentator John Chancel-
lor mixed serious statements about the fu-
ture of American policy at home and abroad 
with humorous jabs at national political 
figures in his Tuesday lecture at the Price 
Center Ballroom. 

Chancellor appears three times a week as 
senior political commentator on "NBC 
Nightly News," where he formerly acted as 
anchor for 12 years. 

His speech outlined the problems ad-
dressed in his new book Peril and Promise: 
A Commentary on America, and touched on 
how the U.S. can avoid the impending crises 
of the 21 st century. 

A self-proclaimed "frightened optimist," 
Chancellor said his move from television to 
print was prompted by his belief that many 
Americans are underestimating the strength 
of their nation because they sense that the 
U.S. is in trouble. 

According to Chancellor, a recent Gallup 
poll indicated that 60 percent of Americans 
believe that Japan is the strongest economic 
power in the world, when in fact America is 
the strongest economic, military, and diplo-
matic power. 

Because of such polls, Chancellor said he 
deliberately wrote his book "for ordinary 
voters." 

Chancellor cited a history of misuse and 
export of American technological invention 
and the "horrifying scandal" of American 
primary and secondary education as among 
the things going wrong in the United States. 

Chancellor also cited poverty as a serious 
problem that must be dealt with in order to 
remain competitive in the world. 

"We have the highest percentage of chil-
dren living in poverty of any [well-devel-
oped) country. Twenty.percent of . ri-
can children today - white, bl k, brown, 
whatever - live in poverty." 

According to Chancellor, e U.S. gov-
ernment spends $ t 1 on pea e over 65 for 
every $1 it spends on chil n under 18, 

which leads him to "worry about our priori-
ties." 

In addition, he commented that Ameri-
cans now have a great deal of cynicism 
about government institutions, and have a 
general feeling that both state and federal 
governments are no longer responsive to the 
people. 

Chancellor contended that the '70s we~ 
a "slum of a decade," and that events such as 
the war in Vietnam, Watergate, and the 
hostage crisis resulted in the "humiliations 
of the American spirit" that are now being 
experienced. 

He also argued that the political leaders 
in the '70s were not as competent as they 
should have been, suggesting that if the 
presidehts had been kings in medieval times, 
they would have been referred to as "Lyndon 
the Devious, Richard the Crook, Gerald the 
Qutz, and Jimmy the Unready." 

Chancellor added that "American poli-
tics became kind of greedy and mean spir-
ited" under Ronald Reagan. According to 
Ctuptcellor, Americans are now paying for 
the fact that the U.S. government spent 
much more than it collected in 

"I think we have accomplished some-
thing in this meeting," Edson said. 

But University Center Director Jim Car-
ruthers called the UCB move a "non-deci-
sion. " 

"They deferred the primary issue, which 
is the locks on the co-ops," he said. "I think 
the UCB did not necessarily make the deci-
sion that is in the best interests of all stu-
dents." 

Dubb claimed that the decision was the 
"best of suboptimal solutions" since there 
was no a~ment on the key issue. 

"By agreeing to the rest of the lease, we 
can eliminate the threat of eviction and 
present our arguments in front of a neutral 
body," he said. 

"The co-ops have a nine-year history of 
control over their own locks. I think the 

ruthers' assessment. 

Monty Kroopkin, 
legal affairs coordina-
tor for the new 
indicator Collective, 
did not agree with Car-

"There is a strong legal case that says that 
the students are the owners of the co-ops," 
he said. "We're not in a weak position." 

Dubb said that it is a matter of "how we 
run our business and how to work." 

Carruthers, however, said that the issue 
"has nothing to do with the university want-
ing to control the operations of the co-ops. 
It's a facilities management issue." 

The space agreement still needs to be 
signed by a representative from each co-op 
and the university center director. 

Carruthers was unsure if he would sign 
the lease, explaining that he needed to dis-
cuss it with the Vice Chancellor of Under-
graduate Affairs Joseph Watson. 

As of press time, the co-ops had not yet 
held a general meeting to decide if they will 
sign the lease. 

taxes while Reagan, whom he 
called "Rorutld the Enchanter," 
was president. 

Chancellor called the idea 
that growth and prosperity 
would reduce the deficit the 
"pubescence theory of eco-
nomics," and suggested that it 
has resulted in a serious mis-
management of the nation's 
finances, as seen in the budget 
deficit now facing the U.S. 

Hours, Units Added To Literature 
Department Language Courses 

Chancellor's observations 
on how to repair the nation's 
damaged economy focused on 
eliminating the deficit, thereby 
lowering interest rates. 

In ploning a course for the 
United States into the 21st cen-
tury, Chancellor suggesced that 
the U.S. should adopt a more 

See AMERICA, paae 3 

By MELINDA HAMILTON 
Smor SItl/fWriler 

1beUteratweDepanmentrecetnly increased 
the credits given for its second-year lanluage 
classes from four to five units and has added one 
extta cluaroom hour and one hour of languaae 
lab work per week. 

Students enrolled in French, German. Ital-
ian, and Spmiah 2A or2B 00UIIeI in the fall wiD 
be required to attend clua four boun a week in-
stead of three. Fint- aad Iecond-year RLUian 
classes wiD increase to five units a quarter 
without adding any more class boun. 

To notify students wboenroUed in thee ... 
during telephone reJistndon of the chin •• the 

department bas posted flyers and will mail the 
students letters over the summer. 1be revised 
schedule of classes. due in the University Book-
store on Monday. will reflect abe chan •• 

If student scbedules con.ftict with the addi-
tional houn, Utemture Department Chair SUSIIl 
KiJkpatrick said that the department wiD tty to 
be flexible to acc:ommodate tHe saudenIs, inchld-
ing reachedulin& the extra hour if such a Ie-
scheduliDa is found to be necessary afterdiscus-
sion with studenIs next year. 

The extra hour wiD be divided evenly be-
tween ilK .... driUa. written work and speakina, 
.cc:onlina to ICirkpmick. 

Submitted in December, the proposal was 
See UNITS, .... 7 



*UCSDNEWS 
Ramirez Recieives Congressional 
Gold Medal, Minority Fellowship 

As a result of his volunteer efforts and leadership 
abilities. UCSD student John Ramirez has been awarded 
with a Fellowship in the 1990 Minority Leaders Fellow-
ship Program in Washington. D.C. and the Gold Congres-
sional Award Medal, the highe t community service 
award given by the United States Congress. 

As one of 56 Minority Leadership Fellows chosen 
from across the United States, Ramirez will anend semi-
nars in Washington, D .C. on leadership theory and the his-
tory and culture of minority 
leaders and fulfill a nine-
week internship at one of 
30 Washington-based or-
ganizations. Sponsored by 
the Washington Center for 
Internships and Academic 
Seminars, the goal of the 
fellowship program is to 
address the lack of minor-
ity leadership in business, 
government, and society. 

Ramirez was named 
winner of the 1990 Gold 
Congressional Award Guardian File Pboto 
Medal by Congressman John Ramirez 
Jim Bates. The award is 
given in recognition of outstanding volunteer work, com-
munity involvement, and personal involvemenl. Ramirez 
donated approximately 800 hours to community service, 
coached youth basketball, serving as A.S. president at 
UCSD, created a Presidential Racial and Sexual Harass-
ment Task-force, co-founded the Muir College Cultural 
Society, and initiated the first UC Students of Color Con-
ference. 
Cancer Experts to Speak at Free 
Symposium at UCSD Med Center 

Top cancer experts from UCSD will share some of the 
latest infonnation available on the prevention, diagnosis, 
and treatment of cancer in a free public symposium at 
UCSD Medical Center. The program will take place from 
9 a.m. to noon on Saturday, June 9 in the Medical Center 
Main Auditorium, 225 Dickinson Street, in Hillcrest. 

Symposium speakers will include two faculty mem-
bers from the UCSD Cancer Center and one from UCSD' s 
Depanment of Radiology. 

The program may be of special interest to women 
because a representative ofUCSD' s Department of Radi-
ology will be at the symposium with infonnation about 
low-cost screening mammograms now available at the 
Medical Center. The representatives will also schedule 
appointments for interested women. The screening mam-
mograms, which are offered on Saturdays, will cost $70 
and are covered under some health insurance plans. 

Parking for the symposium is free. A continental 
breakfast will be served from 8:30 to 9 a.m. For more 
infonnation, call the UCSD Patient Education Depart-
ment at 543-3640. 

University Bookstore Celebration 
Honors Irish Author James Joyce 

The University Bookstore will hold its second annual 
"Bloomsday" celebration on Saturday, June 16 marked by 
a 16-hour continuous reading of the classic James Joyce 
novel,Ulysses. 

Volunteers will take turns reading the famed work, 
beginning at 8 a.m. and continuing until midnight. They 
will be accompanied by traditional Irish music played by 
the Liffey Folk at 3 p.m. and 7 p.m. 

Bloomsday is recognized as the single day during 
which Ulysses takes place, and is celebrated in Dublin, 
Ireland, where Joyce fans retrace the steps of the main 
character, Leopold Bloom. 

Volunteers are welcome. For more infonnation, call 
534-3149. 

Campus Recreation Offers 
Summer Classes at a Discount 

UCSD Campus Recreation will be offering classes for 
students, staff, and faculty beginning June 25 and running 
throughout the summer. The RecClass Summer schedule 
can be found in the Canyonview newspaper distributed on 
campus, at Campus Recreation, or by calling x44037. 
Classes offered this summer range from aerobics, dance 
and massage to karate, yoga, tennis, swimming and vol-
leyball. Fitness kayaking, lifeguard training, and synchro-
nized swim are new classes being offered this summer. 

To receive a discount price, students, staff, and faculty 
can purchase a Recreation Card for the summer ($19 for 

students). A RecCard will be required of everyone (in-
cluding students) to use recreation facilities on campus 
during the Summer Session. Call Campus Recreation at 
534-4037 for infonnation. 

Health Center to Continue its 
Student Service Over the Summer 

The Student Health Service will be available this 
summer to all continuing undergraduate, graduate, and 
medical students and June graduates for a one-time non-
refundable $30 fee. All students must pay the fee to the 
cashier at Student Health prior to the time of first use. 

Summer health services will begin June 18 and con-
tinue through Sept. 18. The $30 fee provides access to 
services regularly available during the academic year 
such as Primary Care, Women' s Clinic, Urgent Care, in-
house laboratory, and X-ray. Consultations and labora-
tory procedures performed elsewhere will cost extra. The 
fee is not required for the use of the Phannacy, Dental 
Services, and Visual Care. Those are available as usual on 
a reduced cost, fee-for-service basis. 

The Student Limited Insurance Plan is not in effect 
during the summer. Undergraduates are encouraged to 
enroll in the Voluntary Insurance Plan to obtain coverage 
for outpatient services such as emergency room use and 
specialist consultations. Continuous insurance enroll-
ment is necessary to prevent diagnosed and treated con-
ditions from becoming subject to the "pre-existing condi-
tion" exclusion. 

Graduate and professional students who were enrolled 
in the Graduate Student Health Insurance Plan for the 
Spring Quarter of the 1989-90 academic year will retain 
their benefits under that plan through the summer. 

Additional information about available services and 
insurance plans can be obtained by calling 534-3300 or 
visiting the Student Health Service. 

UCSD Researchers Seek Control 
Subjects for Study on Depression 

UCSD researchers are recruiting healthy men, 30 to 65 
years old, to serve as control subjects in one or more 
studies being conducted on depression. Controls provide 
medical infonnation that is used as a base for comparison 
against similar data collected from study participants who 
have been diagnosed with depression. 

To be eligible for the studies, control participants must 
be in good health with no history of depression , and not 
currently using major medications, drugs, or alcohol. 

Eligible controls will be paid for their participation and 
will receive a physical examination at no charge. 

For further information, call Carolyn or Laura atthe La 
Jolla VA Medical Center's Clinical Research Center, 
552-8585, Ext. 3219. 

Ann Simonton to Speak Monday 
At Women's Resource Center 

The Women's Resource Center, the Graduate Student 
Association, and the Associated Students will sponsor 
"Coffee with Ann Simonton" on Monday, June 11 at9:30 
a.m at the Womell's Resource Center. 

Simonton is a former model and beauty pageant con-
testant. Since leaving modeling, she has become involved 
in protesting beauty pageants and has formed the Media 
Watch organization, which reports on the treatment of 
women in advertising. 

Simonton will speak on "the damaging effects of 
beauty pageants on women and on society in general." 

For more infonnation, call 534-2023. 

PHIL GRUEN, EfIIW In QIIt 
ROBIN MAC LEAN, ....... EtMw 

ANTON~ __ "'" 
lEN .oYCtU, ... 0." ~ IitIIItIf 
DAVD 8URKHART. 0pIMIft MIot 
DAlIA CIWI(SI, ..... &IIIot 
.wEI COl' ER, ,..".. &IIIor 
CAlHERItE DILLE, ".... &IIIot 
fWtDY DOTINGA, c.,,.,.,., 
DOREEN ERENEA, • .-....,...... EdIDr' 
LARA HEaER, AAOCIIIIt AIIIII!I ........... It' .." 
PATRICIA.IE11IE, ~.,.,.,., 
GAIL JOII.ION, PfIIIIO .... 1IET!R Ko, • ___ .,.".. EtIItor 
HElINA LEHG LOtI, ~ ................... OI'EdIDr' 
J6RQUAN,~"" 
JAION -.eu.. ...... _1iIIIItw 
MIAS UZGIfII, PfIIIIO .... 
...... R YAItIC&Y ..... ollllllt~EIMor 

8011 DlANDREA. ......... AWl W' 
..::tIMI FOUI.KI,~""'" 
-.1IAR1'-..z, A •• 1'fWng Du '" • 
E. LEIGH HENRY, a. •• 1lIN ,..,.,. ... 
A.- EIIaUIIW: DMI w,r. 
'. I"'II.I~~-'" CIrcIIIIIDII: .IaI1n 1InD..IDe lM,lIdlIII ... 

C~_u_c _NE_w_s_J 
ThreeAsian UCSB Students Receive 
Threatening And Harassing Letters 

SANTA BARBARA - UCSB officials and police 
were prompted to launch an investigation last week into 
racial harassment when three Asian-American students 
received letters threatening physical abuse. 

Two of the letters were addressed and specifically sent 
to the homes of two undergraduates, while the other was 
sent through campus mail to the academic department of 
one graduate student, according to Dean of Students 
Leslie Lawson. The names of the students have been with-
held to protect the investigation. 

Lawson said the tone of the one-page photocopied 
letter was " very angry , very hostile, and very hurtful." 
While Lawson said that the letters were sent to students 
who have been "fairly active" in the Asian Student Coa-
lition (ASC), she said that administrators would not 
speculate on whether they were related to ASC activities 
in support of UCSB undergraduate Tom Tieu. Tieu was 
allegedly assaulted April 7 by graduate student Jacob 
Sarvela in the San Rafael Residence Hall . 

In response to the alleged attack ofTieu, the ASC held 
a rally Thursday in which "some" of the three student 
receiving the leners were involved, Lawson said. 

The letters refer to Asian Americans "in derogatory 
tenns, threatening them with physical harm and declaring 
white supremacy," according to a written statement re-
leased by the dean of students office Thursday. 

The purpose of the statement "is to make clear the 
institutional position on this incident which is that threats 
of violence, racial harassment , or behavior that creates a 
hostile or intimidating environment for UCSB students, 
faculty, or staff members have absolutely no place on a 
university campus and will not be tolerated," the docu-
ment states. 

"We're not overreacting," Vice Chancellor of Student 
Affairs Michael Young said of the university's decision to 
conduct an investigation into the origin of the leners. 
"Any form of harassment simply has no place in the 
institution, it's not acceptable in any form ," he said. 

The campus police department assigned a detective to 
the case last Thursday, Sgt. RitaSpaursaid, noting thai the 
depanment "has just received some of the evidence and 
that's about it." 

Spaur explained that the crime "is punishable by up to 
one year in prison and a fine," the amount of which is 
determined by the courts. The accused could be arrested 
for committing a felony under the Cal ifomia Penal Code 
Section 422: "terrorist threats," she said 

The dean of students office is also conducting an 
investigation in cooperation with the campus police "in an 
attempt to ascertain if the author\s) are UCSB students," 
according to the statement. 

If so, "(the offenders) will be charged with violating 
Section 51.16 of the UCSB Campus Regulations: vio-
lence, threats of violence, or behavior that threatens the 
health or safety of persons on university property ... and 
if found gUilty ... would be subject to the entire range of 
university sanctions, up to and including dismissal from 
the university," the document states. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Edilor 
and Jason Snell, Associ4le News Editor 

EdllorIII: a4 •• lull .... : 5S4 3 .... Fax: 134-7tt1 
UCSD GuaI'dIIIn, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 92083 

ThUJ'$day, June 7, 1990 The: UCSD Guardian 

A.S.Allocates Funds in Final Meeting 
By ANTON BITTNER 
News Editor 

In its last meeting of the aca-
demic year, the AS. Council spent 
nearly an hour last night in debate 
over the allocation of $2,500 to 
help fund a leadership conference 
co-sponsored by the UCSD Inter-
fraternity Council and Panhellenic 
Association. 

The conference, called Excel 
'90 , is scheduled to take place 
during Fall Quarter and would 
feature speakers from across the 
country in addition to leadership 
workshops. 

While the council was suppor-
tive of the conference, members 
argued about whether the confer-
ence would benefit all UCSD stu-
dents equally, thereby making it 
worthy of A.S. funding. 

Vice President External Affairs 
Molly McKay questioned whether 
non-Greeks would want to attend, 
reading from an article in The Greek 
Minutes, a publication funded by 
the Interfraternity Council (IFC) 
and Panhellenic, that promoted 
only Greek-oriented portions of 
the event and mentioned benefits 
that only Greeks could get out of 
the conference. 

University Center Board Chair 
Nick Long pointed out that The 
Greek Minutes is written for a 
Greek readership and that jt was 
aiming fora specific audience when 
promoting the conference. 

Michael Manning, an organizer 
for the event, commented that with 
the number of workshops and 
speakers slated for Excel '90, it 
would be possible for a non-Greek 
to attend only non-Greek events 
throughout the entire conference. 

"We expect to make a big push 
[in promQting to everyone) in the 
fall ... halfofthe programs will not 
be Greek-oriented," Manning said. 

Another point of contention 
occurred regarding registration fees 
for the event, which were $7 for 
students and $5 for Greeks. 

According to A.S. Finance 
Controller Anders Roede, IFC and 
Panhellenic were subsidizing the 
$2 difference for each of their 
members through the $6,000 they 
were paying to put on the event, 
because members were paying this 
money through their own dues. 

McKay proposed an amend-
mentto the bill stating thatthe A.S. 
would allocate the money "with 
the stipulation that the price [to 
attend) will be unifonn to all UCSD 
students. " 

R,oede suggested that McKay's 
amendment was "discriminatory 
against Greeks," saying that equal-
izing the fee would be essentially 
charging Greeks twice. 

"Greeks are an exclusive 
group .. . nonnalstudents wouldn't 
want to go if they have to pay 
more," Muir Sophomore Senator 
Susan Ledwith said. "They should 

UDIA 
Offers 

Students 
15% off 

Cuts 
by Jennifer 

7535 Girard 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

61 91 454-9651 

drop [the fee) to $5 per student." being full voting members of that 
"This is bullshit. We can't organization, he continued. 

amend their budget," Fifth Col- Kroopkin said later that he 
lege Junior Senator Paul Wilcox wanted the same type of wording 
said. in the student organization agree-

The council passed McKay's ment as that in recreational clubs 
amended version of the allocation. on campus. These clubs are open 

An impromptu IO-minutecoun- to facuIty, staff, spouses, friends, 
cil caucus was called earlier in the and others, not just students. 
evening by McKay after Monty Wilcox pointed out, however, 
Kroopkin, volunteer legal affairs that non-students have to pay fees 
coordinator for the new indicator, to join these clubs. Because stu-
complained of problems he said dents pay fees to the A.S. in regis-
the collective was facing involv- tering, they should be the ones to 
ing the UCSD administration. enjoy the organizations funded by 

AccordingtoKroopkin,thenew the AS., he argued. 
indicator received a letter from Kroopkinsaidthatthetimingof 
AS. Advisor Randy Woodard on the notice, during the controversy 
June 2 infonning members that in over student cooperatives, was 
order to be recognized as a student suspicious to the colleCtive, and 
organization next year, they would suggested that if the administra-
have to complete an un-revised tion fails to recognize the new indi-
student organization fonn. cator next year, that the A.S. could 

Kroopkin said that the new in- publish the periodical. President 
dicator has been filing the fonn John Edson pointed out that the 
since 1984 with language limiting A.S. is already the publisher. 
the type of membership crossed The caucus ended with the in-
out. The form excluded people: who tention of addressing the issue this 
were not currently connected with summer after more research by 
the university, such as alumni, from council members. 

AMERICA 
Continued frOm pap 1 
aggressive technological policy, 
one that would create partner-
ships between industry and 
government in order to foster 
successful invention and com-

petitiven~ with nations such 
as Japan a'ld West Gennany. 

Chancellor also asserted that 
changes in the way. political 
leaders are elected would result 
in a revitalization of politics in 
America. 

He called primary elections 
"undemocratic," in that the 
winners are the result of "mer-
chandizing," rather than an in-
telligent assessment of their 
ability. 

He suggested that profes-
sional politicians be allowed to 
nominate qualified candidates 
at pany conventions, which 
would be "a return to the smoke- . 
filled room," '. 

"I think the smoke-filled 
room of the 1990s would be of 
mixedgender,raciaHy J?alanced, 
and have a large sign that says 
'DO smoking., '" Chancellor 

quipped. 
In order to force politicians 

to be more responsive to the 
public, Chancellor proposed 
that public tinariciDg of House 
and Senate campaigns be 
adopted to help reduce the rate 
of incumbent victories. Accord-
ing to Chancellor, 98.5 percent 
of aD House incumbents and 85 
percent of all Senate incum-
bents are re-elected. 

An air of critical, hard-edged 
humor pervaded Chancellor's 
discussion of the state of affairs 
in America. 

When asked by an audience 
member . what he thOUght of 
reports of UFO sightings he has 
corne across, Chancellor re-
sponded, "I don't know any-
thing about UFOs. Is Dao 
Quayle handling them now?" 

The award-wilUlingjournal-
ist, who has interviewed every 
American president since Hany 
Tnnnan, took on the nalion's 
leader in his closing remarks. 

"George Bush says he wants 
akinder,gendernation,"Chan-
cellor said. "I say no. What we 
want is a tougher, smarter, more 
competitive America" 

}Our Decision. Your Choice. 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Il'JU1lediate 

Tesf Results 
• Pregnancy 

Termination 
• General or Local 

Anesthesia 
• Affordable 

Birth Control 
• Student Discount 

11te College line 
535-1379 

Q;r;t .L· ~IlCriOICe 
fnmily Plllnmitg 

Associn tfS 
Mediad GrollI' 

NEWS 3 

10"1 I.. ~nftO'S® 
the copy center 

OPEN 24 HOURS 
457-3775 
~------------------------------\ 

limit 5 • 8.5· x 11· white only. expires 6-30-90 

Valid only at La Jolla store. 

~-----------------------------~ 
8849 Villa La Jolla Drive 
La Jolla Village Center 

& a HJtJ8FM PRESENT 

LED ZEPPELIN 

A CLASSIC LASER-LIGHT CONCERT FEA TURING MUSIC FROM THE 
FIRST FOUR LED ZEPPELIN ALBUMS 

THEATER AND SCIENCE CENTER 

Balboa Park 
Open evenings too! 

For show inlo call 238·1168 

,, __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ 

1D4fS Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
----

I. 
'Must present coupon and valid UCSD 10 at time ot estimate. lz=1"'·"h~~'LLm.m-. I SfJ 1450 94941 ~ I 

- I 
If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them I 

About Us; If They Haven't Discovered I 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References. I 

S870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE I 
............... , ........................ , ....... , .... 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 7, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN, Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN. Managing Editor 
CA THERrNE DILLE, News Editor 
ANTON BITTNER. News Editor 
DAVID BURKHART. Opinion Editor 

Tht UCSD CiuarduJn Is published twice wceli.ly II It\( UnivershyofCalifomi., San Dieso. ConKnts e l990. 
Viewscs.pn:ssed ~in ~p~scnt The mljonry VOle. o( lhetdhori.t board, and art noc necessarily lhose or lhe 
uc BoIrd of Resents. the ASUCSD, nor the c.nti~ GJUJrdJiulsuff. 

The Changing World 

The Greatest Show on Earth 
ext week the 1989-90 academic year will come to a close, and 

with it an_amazing year for I1ews on an intemationallevel. 
In June 1989, the world watched with hope as thousands of 

Chinese studenrs flooded Tienanmen Square in Beijing demand-
ing democratic refonns. On June 5, the Chinese government met 
peaceful protesters with tanks. A little over one year later, we still 
remember with sadness scenes of Chinese troops toppling the 
students' "Goddess of Democracy." 

In late 1989, hundreds of thousands of frustrated citizens of nu-
merous Eastern Bloc nations finally rose up against the stagnant, 
communist establishment and, for the first time in their lives, 
seized control of their destinies. In Poland, a member of the 
Solidarity party was named prime minister. A year earlier, such 
a move would have been met with serious retaliation from the 
Soviet Union. 

Similar evenrs were happening all over Eastern Europe. People 
accross the United States and the world watched with anticipa-
tion to see which country would be the next to succumb to the 
growing wave of democratic refonn. No one would have ever 
predicted that East Gennany, once regarded as the most resistant 
to Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev's perestroika, would fall 
to the massive protests of thousands of its disgruntled citizens. 
Yet now, almost six months later, East Gennany has cast away 
communism, and its most visible symbol, the Berlin Wall. Little 
remains of the wall now , and East and West Gennany are on the 
road to reunification. 

In Romania, Nicolai Ceaucescu, the most brutal communist 
dictator since Josef Stalin, was ousted from office in a violent and 
lengthy coup, and executed along with his wife on Christmas 
Day. Romania will be long remembered as the country that paid 
for its freedom with its own blood, and pictures of Ceaucescu' s 
Limp body against a blood stained wall will forever remain a 
symbol of the painful death of communism in Europe. 

Through it all, Gorbachev did little, if anything, to stop Eastern 
Europe's break from socialism. Six months ago, analysts dis-
missed Gorbachev's behavior as deliberate and calculated. Most 
thought Gorbachev had an underlying motive in letting his 
valuable satellite nations go. Nonetheless, he certainly bolstered 
his popularity in the minds of Americans as a political visionary 
and a refonner. Time magazine even named him "Man of the 
Decade." Now, those same analysts are saying that Gorbachev 
was not in control at all; he could not have intervened lest he 
completely destroy any progress he had made toward refonn. 

With recent events in the Baltic states, especially Lithuania, 
and in Armenia, the public has begun to see that Gorbachev is not 
as "visionary" as they thought. 

Gorbachev's popularity among his own people is plununeting. 
He met jeers at the May Day parade in Moscow. Furthennore, 
there are many indications that perestroika is not so wonderful 
after all. Gorbachev has been trying to resuscitate a corpse. The 
economic system of communism is dead and decaying daily. In 
last few months, unemployment has been on the rise. In the last 
week, thousands of Soviet citizens have flooded stores in a panic-
buying spree. 

While Gorbachev is down, he is by no means out. However, the 
Soviet Union is at a critical juncture. In order to reestablish 
control, Gorbachev could very easily become another Stalin. But 
there is also hope. Boris Yeltsin, a radical-refonner far more 
liberal than Gorbachev ever was, was elected president of the 
Soviet Republic of Russia last week. 

Yeltsin, who is tremendously popular with the Soviet citizenry, 
could be an important player in the resurrection of a viable, 
economically-sound Soviet Union. Or he c ould initiate the means 
to reduce the Soviet Empire to a more manageable size. 

In June 1989, no one would have thought the radical c hanges 
we have seen Ihese past months could ever happen . T he experi-
ence has shown that circumstances can change very quickly. 

Who knows? Maybe by June 1991, Germany will be reunited. 
Lithuania will be fully independent, and the Soviet Union will be 
on the road to economic recovery. Or maybe not. After what has 
happened in 1989, anything is possible. 

Ramirez Reflects on Year in A.S. Council 
Editor: 

Now that the transitional pe-
riod between Ihe old and new A.S. 
Council has occurred, I would like 
to take this opportunity to thank 
my fellow undergraduates in 
making this academic year a pro-
ductive and enjoyable one. As the 
council that helped lead the cam-
pus into the new decade, I believe 
we addressed many areas that will 
be at the forefront oflhese next ten 
years. 

r would also like to thank Alex 
Wong and the rest of the 1989-90 
council forlheirdedicated service 
and hard work in the hopes of 
making college life better for 
everyone. You took your respon-
sibilities seriously and remained 
true to many of your goals. Thank 
you for thirty weeks of policy 
analysis, debates, and accomplish-
ments. It was an honor and pleas-
ure working with all of you. 

Finally, I would also like to 
thank Mary Betty Heard (Guard-
ian reporter on AS. Meetings). 
Randy Woodard, and the rest of 
the AS. staff for all their con-
structive criticism and feedback 
throughout the year. 

In retrospect, our council was 
very unique in the goals set and in 
our ability to follow through with 
many of them. My overall goal 
was to create a strong student voice 
by the diversification of ideas and 
the unification of the student body. 
Not an assimilated or homogene-
ous councilor student body, but 
an integrated one where many 
views that have not been addressed 
may be taken seriously. The areas 
of focus were student finances, 
safety, and outreach. 

Together with the A.S. Coun-
cil and the rest of the student body, 
we were able to cut state-wide 
student fees and save each UCSD 
student approximately $100 
($ 1 ,200,000 totaI). Scnding me up 
to Sacramento to meet with the 
governor's office with your let-
ters regarding state-wide fees 
along with the help of MishIca 
Migacz., Denise Whisenhunt, 

BENSON 

Stephanie De La Torre, and 
UCSA, we did make a difference. 

The nighttime and weekend 
parking proposal was another fi-
nancial issue we successfully 
addressed together. Spring quar-
ter finals were over and for nearly 
a year the prior council had been 
trying to do something with the 
parking proposal. No more than 
two days before the policy was to 
be implemented, we met with the 
chancellor and members of his 
cabinet to discuss this critical is- . 
sue. We were able to cut the price 
that students would have to pay 
from $15 to four dollars. Four 
dollars is roughly the amount it 
costs to make and sell the penn it; 
non-students continued to pay the 
full price. It is doubtful that we 
would have been as successful 
had you not made powerful state-

ments in your petition drives and 
in the results of the referenda 
question regarding this issue. We 
have asked The Parking and Trans-
portation Advisory Committee to 
research the matter as to how it 
affects student events and safety 
at this campus, and although no 
one can predict the future, some 
members of this committee have 
infonned me that the current stu-
dent prices will probably remain 
the same ... I guess that will be a 
matter for the next council. 

With safety, our biggest suc-
cess centered around the call-
boxes on campus. Agustin Orozco 
met .the administrators and was 
able to get them to allow students 
to call CSOs from the call-boxes 
if students suddenly felt uncom-
fortable when walking across 

See RAMIREZ, page 5 

CongratUlations to Athl~tes 
EdIter: 

1 wouldlike to add my accolades to !bose who have already rec-
ognized the achievements ofUCSD students over the year. 

Moat recently , [ would like to congratulate the Triton women's 
waterpolo team for winning the national title, an achievemcntthat 
bas not gone unnoticed in Nova Scotia. And, I hasten to add, the 
men'. squad deserves recognition for its strong showing nation-
ally, against, like the women, the best in the land. 

Congrats also to Christine Behrens and the women's tennis 
team. the men's anc1 women's swim teams, the ASME "OIapter 
II" squad, and every other Triton scholar who participates in 
some faabjon, pusbi"l bir,Iber limits wi_I the lure of financial 

rewar.d.~1be &lorY oftheactMty, forits intrinsic teWw Do not 
be SIdstiecl willa lOy lea ofyoulSdWl$I 

Bveotboughy.-profeuors have sometimes not co-operated 
as much IS you would have wished, you have coped IIld pros-
pered. Tbia i, one reason you are at UCSD inatead of a school that 
acts as a university instead of being one. We!U'C proudofallyour 
lIChicvemcn1s. even 011 the sports page. Really DOW, if )'OIl wanted 
froor-pap coverap you couJd have read the San Diego Union 
iaslead'oftbeLos Anfelu Tintu (sometbiOS akin too. natioDal 
JlCWIPIIPCl', 1be Toronto GlI1be and Maifl) 

Ac:coladea arellJodueyou, the wricen and cdilortallCaffoftbe 
'", G ..... forcuau.,thlvuPtbe ..... ofopiQiootoJll'~ ... 
. ~ ...... ia.yview.\IeI)'lIIIJ~ccmnaeofllodladncl 
:~~~, __ peoM .. P ... lons~·~l1Ot 

1'hII1k~fw InOCber ~of" 60m UC8J)4. ..' , .' · ........,L 
, .' '"". SIiIIIiI* 

Thursday, June 7,1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Commentary 

The Validity of Research at UCSD 
By SANGEETA MEHTA, Staf!Wriler 

It's a common complaint heard among UCSD undergraduates: Ihis university is 
so research-oriented that their educations suffer. The complaint is common, but 
wrong. 

The reason research is an inherent part ofUCSD, orany university for that matter, 
is simple: unlike elementary or secondary school instructors, a university professor 
has a dual role - to teach and to research. 

Research, whether it be studying the Victorian era or investigating subatomic 
particles, ;s what gives UCSD its solid foundation. It puts this university on the 
"CUlling edge of science and technology, and at the forefront of arts and humanities." 
At least that's whatthe UCSo.General Cata.log tells us, and to a great extent, it's true. 

Because oflhe excellen~ research by UCSD professors, this university ranks sixth 
in the nation in the number of faculty who are members of the National Academy of 
Sciences; the faculty even includes five Nobel laureates and 51 Fellows of the 
Academy of Arts and Sciences. 

Admittedly, those who hire UCSD professors prioritize potential "prestige" over 
teaching prowess. In other words, Ph.D. holders who have already published, 
received grants, or served on committees, have the best chance of gaining employ-
ment here. UC professors, unlike community college professors, are not required to 
have teaching credentials. 

Clearly, the university'S reputation benefits from research, and graduate students 
also benefit by having the opportunity to work with some of the best in their particular 
field . But do undergraduates benefit? 

Yes. Even though the process of hiring a professor almost ignores his or her 
teaching abilities, UCSD has many competent instructors. Paul Saltman, a professor 
of biology, said "Eighty percent of the faculty - my own colleagues as well as 
faculty from other departments - are superb teachers. Excellent scholars can be 
excellent teachers." Most professors have been teaching since they were undergradu-
ates. and were enslaved as teaching assistants. 

While UCSD does contain a majority of competent instructors, some of them do 
indeed have poor teaching skills: they make note-taking a "nightmare," have a weak 
command of the English language, or just cannot present the material in a manner 
conducive to learning. 

Yet the important point is that so many knowledgeable professors come to this 
campus and can then develop teaching skills. Professor of Literature Stephen Cox, 
who is known as an excellent instuctor, and whose CAPE ratings always approach 
100 percent, pointed out that "teaching is a leamed process - not a given talent. 
Every professor has the potential of being a great teacher." 

Even if a professor is an incompetent instructor, he or she may still present an 
intellectually stimulating course by utilizing qualified T As. In science or math 
classes, they often serve to facilitate the leaming process, while in humanities and 
social sciences courses, TAs may offer fresh perspectives on the material. 

The catalog states, "UCSD, a full-fledged, four-year undergraduate campus is 
also a full-fledged graduate and research institution." The research part is obvious, 
but it hardly hurts the undergraduates' education; the strong reputation UCSD has de-
veloped because of research attracts the best and brightest scholars from around the 
world. Such bright people certainly can, as Professor Cox argues, learn to teach. 

It is common to complain about one's university. But UCSD's undergraduate 
programs are ranked very high in national surveys, and its prestige continues to grow. 
It's true a few professors don't care about undergraduates, but don't blame research 
- blame that specific professor. 

Research helps UCSD, and it helps everyone at UCSD, from full professors to 
students in their first quarter here. 

Suits and Sumatran Tigers 
By GAIL JOHNSON, Photo Editor 

"It's a spiffy suit. So smart. You'd look 
quite sophisticated if, well , do you plan on 
different... lingerie?" 

They had been a good idea at the time. At 
a dime a pair, I couldn't afford to say no. 
But now, in the dressing room of Sophist i-
cated Lady, bright turquoise untlerwear just 
didn't make me one. 

Buying a suit. The interview. Finding a 
real job. Hello world. I'm bright, educated, 
talented, and color coordinated. 1f only one 
of these could be true! But this was La Jolla, 
a dress for success capital. It didn't seem 
like it would be that difficult a task. 

It's funny how phobias develop. But if! 
had almost made it to the Mt. Everest base 
camp as an acrophobe, I could at least make 
it through the second floor of Robinson's. 
How could I possibly retain my self esteem 
in a department named "Savvy?" The sales 
lady didn't want me. She directed me to 

few weeks after we almost made it to Ever-
est. And I hid it in my backpack for the 
flight home. It felt right then. I wore hiking 
boots while fingering the silk. It 's only real 
mission was to prove that I planned to settle 
down and get a real job. 

I have a mission now. I wade through the 
mire of hangars and linens and tweed. 
Jungles were easier than Ms. Petite. I give 
up in momentary self disgust. 

Alone in the darkroom [ feel a surge of 
inspiration. It may have been desperation 
as the interview was only a day away. 
Seizing the moment, I rush straight to the 
May Company sales rack. Breathless, I 
pant, "Help me look sophisticated." I am 
met by an awkward silence as I catch my 
reflection. Haphazard ponytail, tank top, 
braless and unshaven. Reeking of dark-
room chemistry. Not your typical Ms. Pe-
tite. The saleslady offers encouragement. 

"Point of View," 
wh'!re [ could meet 
my "special figure" 
concerns. A polite 

-------------- "I don't think we 
Gftu~Si.. -.T.& .... T Cl~-u'n have what you would ~~.... ~ 'I:' want. But we can 

way of telling me I'm shaped like an avo-
cado. 

The clerk in men's suits has a broadcast 
journalism degree from USc. Not a great 
person 10 meet the day before the big news-
paper interview. 

I pass a photographer by the escalator. 
He has the Nikon of my dreams, and he's 
taking portraits ... under the escalator. 

What on earth arn I trying to do? Why 
can' I people understand that all I want to do 
is photograph Sumatran tigers for National 
Geographic? So 1 might not have experi-
ence. But I'd try real hard. At least I wouldn't 
be wearing a suit when I did it. 

Alone in the dreSSing room, the blazers 
reek of success. Underthe heavy glint of the 
fluorescent lights, I arn thirteen again. I am 
awkward, shapeless and miserable. My 
bookbag huddles in the comer, shrouded by 
dirty sneakers, and the pants I made from 
Grandma's curtain material. The woman in 
the ill-fining suit is a stranger. She is one [ 
don't want to meet. 

At least not yet. 
I just can't do it. I belong in colton and 

rayon. And hiking boots. 
Mine is a body which is made for dirt. 

Photojournalists are macho, they're meant 
to slouch. 

I already own one suit. But that was 
bought several thousand miles and inches 
ago. In Bangkok. After the Himalayas. A 

• try." That 's enough 
for me. Ten minutes later the evil deed is 
done. 

On the way to the interview, someone 
calls me " ma 'am." 

Ouch. 
Doors open. I am noticed. And [ don ' t 

like it. Wearing that suit was a flashback to 
one miserable morning in the Solu Khumbu. 
Go on or go back. One route was safe, the 
other potentially risky. 

[ didn 't get the job. For about fifteen 
minutes the world caved in. Once again, I 
was thirteen. Or back on the mountain. 
After the retreat. 

I had almost made it, but I couldn't reach 
the top. 

Apparently it wasn't the season for 
Sumatran tiger shooters. I retreat to the 
darkroom and pull out old negatives from 
Nepal. I find the retreat shots, detennined 
to make as much out of this failure as 
possible. Mountains, children, and Sherpas 
are projected. And then I find one of me. I 
print it. In the light it shows a girl with a 
worn face, haphazard ponytail. dirty 
sweater, and reeking of mountains. I re-
member the disappointment, but I'd forgot-
ten the smile. 

Hello world. Someday I may own a 
closet full of suits. I hope they will remain 
there. I hope to wear hiking boots and a 
pony tail as I ride to the top of Everest on a 
Sumatran tiger. 

Ramirez: Former A.S. Pres. Reflects on Achievements 
We Still Want 
Your Opinionl 

Continued from page 4 
campus and affinned it by pUlling signs on 
them. He was also able to help place more 
call-boxes throughout the campus. 

Some of our outreach efforts were creat-
ing monthly campus-wide forums and 
weekly "Hump-side Chats" with myself 
and KSDT's Kate Coyer. 

But by far our strongest accomplish-
ment was when together we sent hundreds 
of dollars to the earthquake victims in the 
Bay area shortly afterthe devastating earth-
quake. Your active and financial support 
was greatly appreciated. 

Finally, in an effort to increase the effec-
tiveness ofthe AS. [created, with the help 
of many individuals, a couple of task forces 
which I felt were desperately needed. 

One was the Presidential Consti tutional 
Convention Task Force which researched 
the issue of whether or not \\(e could suc-
cessfully attempt a convention under the 
current restraints of our constitution. 

The Force concluded that we could not 
and wroteaconstitutional amendment to be 
voted on by all the students which was 
eventually passed. . 

Now more than ever, the A.S. Council 
can call for a convention and have the tool 
needed to effecti vely maintain it. The sec-

ond task force was the Presidential Sexual 
and Racial Harassment Task Force. This 
task force sponsored forums and work-
shops for students who wanted to help 
others or for other individuals who needed 
assistance. This task force has enonnous 
potential if the new council continues it. 

Sending financial support to earthquake 
victims, creating a Sexual and Racial Har-

\ assment Task force, and saving $100 per 
UCSD student were very important accom-
plishments of service. 

These are just some highlights of the 
accomplishments of the old AS. Council. 
It become rather disturbing to read some 
editorials that say little or nothing was 
done. 

The editorials also stated that the old 
council was "plagued" with intemal con-
flicts . If you compare the 1989-90 council 
with many prior councils it becomes clear 
that Mr. Wong did in fact greatly reduce the 
internal conflicts inherent in government. 
He always went above and beyond his re-
spon ibilitie for the benefit of all. 

Second of all, internal conflicts are er-
rors, but if they are not resolved they be-
come mistakes which become difficult to 
fix . We re olved mo t of our errors with 
good policy outcomes. 

Another issue that was heavily dwelled 
upon were TGs. The perception created by 
the edito~als was that I was against them, 
but again, action speaks louder than words. 
For example, there are going to be more 
TGs this year than lasl year and probably 
than ever before. I also gave $55,150 for 
TGs this year. That 's approximately $5,000 
more than last year's council gave, and 
again probably the highest in UCSD his-
tory. 

It . s true that I had programming con-
cerns but once the programming commis-
sioner and I resolved them I believe we 
made TGs stronger and even more pleasing 
and enjoyable. I believe the editorials have 
always had the best inten!ions in mind and 
had some legitimate points, however, I also 
believe that many of these issues may have 
been blown out of proportion. 

In conclusion, 1 would again like to 
thank all those students who stuck by me 
through thick and thin. 

And thanks to you,the student body, for 
all your letters to the editor and to the 
council, and for being active throughout the 
year. It wa an honor to be your president 
this year and I hope I have been of service 
to you. Peace and God bles . 

John Ramirez 

The Guardian will be publish-
ing !WO summer editions, so we 
still welcome ony of your lellers ~r 
commentaries. Drop your leller at 
the Guardian offices (on the sec-
ond Hoor of the Student Center, 
above the General Store) or mail it 
to: 

Opinion Editor, 
The Guardian, 

1-016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 
92093 

Letters should be typed, double-
spoced, and should include a 
signature and phone number. We 
reserve the right to edit lellers for 
length and clarity. Send your letters 
today, and you could be reading 
them in the summer Guardian, 
basking in the sun of your favorite 
beach. 
Deadline for submissions is June 
25. Hove a great summer! 



6 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 7, 1990 

IT'S NOT TOO LATE ••• 
... to be a part of history. Yes, The UCSD Guardian wi II be publishing three times 

a week beginning next FaD, and even1hough we've filled our editorial staff for 
1990-91, th8t tIoasn't "." .. don't M«I your help! We're going to need 
writers - and lots of 1hem. 

If you've got journalistic experience, we11 need you right away. If you don't, our 
internship program will help you. We also need photographers and illustrators, 
and, as usual, copy readers, production WOI1ters, and typists. Oh, and advertising 
representatives too. If you Ike Macintoshes and know Microsoft Word or 
PageMaker, even better. 

And better yet. .. AU POSITIONS ARE PAID! Interested? Don't wait Fill out 
this form today and drop n in the Staff Positions Box at1he Guardian on the second 
floor of the Student Center. Or, if you prefer, send it to The UCSD Guardian, 8-016, 
La Jolla, CA 92093 Attn: Staff Positions. Gal 53+6580 for more information. 

r----------------------, I ~ I 
I Current Phone 

----------------------------------Summer Address 
-------------------------------

Summer Phone 
---------------------------------Next year's address (if you knowit), ____ _ _ _ _ 

Nextyear'sphone _____ _ _ _____ _ 
Please check area(s) of Interest 

o NEWS 0 COPY READING 
o FEATURES 0 PRODUCTION 
o OPINION 0 TYPING 
o SPORTS 0 ADVERTISING 
o PHOTOGRAPHY 0 ILLUSTRATION 
o INTERNSHIP 0 DRIVING 
o ARTSIENTERTAINMENT 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I L ______________________ ~ 

r
--------------------, r~-------------------, VALUABLE COUPON ! $395 $100 OFF ! CO:::"CT ! ! 

I BM'-BOlHlIET ANY_ I DISCS! I 2 TANS 1 I 
I T_ U" ."a_ OF 1 I One for You, One for a 1 
I or ....... $5 OR MORE I 11lADE I I 
I I IN: 6 CASSETTES, I I 
I I get 1 FREE CO· I mlM & TAN· UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct. • 45500909 I 
1 I 2 CD's, get 1 FREE CO' 1 __ ~~ ~ach • ~on valley~~ College. Sports Arena_. Encinita_S __ I 

'00 approval, used CD's. I I: Lose 6" Guaranteed! . : 
: Contemporary Greeting Cards and Gifts I ••• .,...... 1 European Body Wrap - Only $48 1 
I 8650 Genessee Ave. I 7094 Miramar Rd. I Nota~walerloss.Reduceoel.liteandSlrelchlMka. I Costa Verde Plaza, 2nd Level 450· 92 91 I 693-1469 Cal far daIaIs • 2nd 30 !Ill days $39.99oFi"st-line cIienIs L---_________________ .J L.. ________ ....... L _________________ ~~I2I9O_.J 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 8873ViUaLaJollaDr. ~JolJa vtJ/ageCenter 455·0662 • 

I UCSD's original Pizzeria is SltJ/ the best! ExPires 712/90 I 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

----------------~ UCSD : 
Student: 

Jr. Special : 
I I 
I BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I 
I I I Bacon Cheeseburger : 
i ~FREE i 
I Valid at: 6788 Miramar Rd. I I Coupon expires July 2, 1990. ODe offer per coupco. I I ODe coupco per CUll. ,,~ per YIIIt. Not waIId with cmy ® I 
I otber offer or dDcouDt. Price 00. DOt tnchlCle tax. C!.:lt- J: I e<:ad~EDtIipdaea.IDe.I990 ...... r&-. r. L ____________________ ~--~ 

Thursday, June 7,1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

UNITS: Language Credit Increased 
Continued from page I The Linguistics Department delayed its 
approved by the Academic Senate on May proposl\l because of language program di-
IS, too late to be included in the Fall Quarter rector Tracy Te rre ll 's retirement, among 
schedule of classes. other factors, according to Andrews. 

Students presently e nrolled in the 2AnB Andrews said she doubted that the pro-
courses attend class three times per weekfor posal would go into effect before Winter 
an hour. Russian classes meet five times a Quarter of next year. 
week, three hours for grammar and two First-year French, German, Italian, and 
hours for conversation practice. according Spanish courses consist of five classroom 
to current guidelines. hours per week and additional work in the 

Retroactive credit will not be issued to language lab with videotapes and computer 
students who have completed equivalent quizzes. A one-unit addition will not cause 
language courses for four units before the an increase in classroom hours, Andrews 
change, according to Nancy Hesketh, pro- said. 
gram representative for Literature Depart- According to Andrews, Linguistics 
ment. Department data suggests that students are 

Kirkpatrick said that the increase in class already putting in the extra time required to 
hours would balance out the workload for learn a foreign language that would qualify 
teaching assistants (TA) by reducing the them for the extra unit. 
amount of sections taught per TA. Kirkpatrick said part of the reason that 

T As, who are the primary instructors for the Literature Department decided to make 
the courses, currently teach six sections a the change was because UCSO students at-
year. When the changes go into effect, T As tend fewer hours per week in second-year 
will teach only four sections per year, Kirkpa- language classes compared to students at 
trick said. other universities. 

Karen Andrews, management services Most other UC campuses, including 
officer for the Linguistics Department, said Berkeley, Davis, and Los Angeles, require 
that a similar proposal is in the works for five classroom hours per w eek for second-
first-year language classes. year language courses. Some campuses even 

"The original intent was to submit both offer accelerated second-year language 
proposals at the same time," Andrews said. courses that meet six hours per week . 

LIGHTS & SIRENS 
Wednesday, May 30 

From the UCSD Police 
Department Log 

3:30 p.m.: A dolly was reported stolen from Round Table Pizza. Loss: $200. 
4:15 p.m. : A 34-year-old man was arrested for outstanding felony assault, with a warrant 
out of New York City, on North Torrey Pines Rd. He was transported to County Jail. 
Thursday, May 31 
8:50 p.m.: A chemical fue was reported at Scripps Sverdrup Hall , caused by an employee 
knocking over a still containing dietbyl etber and caJcium hydride. The victim was a 
student who received chemical bums to her right arm. leg, and side. The San Diego Fire 
Depanment responded, and the victim was transponed to the UCSD Born Center. 
12:34 p.m.: A staff member was struck by a Nissan Maxima while crossing Lyman Street, 
and was transported to Scripps Memorial Hospital. 
Friday. JUDe 1 
5:00 p.m.: A 20-year-old non-student was cited and released for being a minor in 
possesSion of alcohol at TGIF. 
Saturday, JUDe 1 
10:00 p.rn.: A non-student fainted and became ill at the Gilman infonnation booth. The 
victim was transported to Scripps Memorial Hospital by ambulance. 
4:20 p.m.: A student reported an unlrnown male attempting to loole up her skirt at Central 
Library. 
4:45 p.m.: Suspects attempted to take medical supplies from Elliott Field Station. 
Sunday, June 3 
2 :07 Q.m. : Vandalism occurred to construction equipment at Ihe Central Library Project. 
4:00 a.m.: An unknown suspect started a flTe in the trash can next to KSDT radio at the 
Student Center. 
Tu.esday, June 5 
1 J :40 a.m. : A staff member reported the theft of UPS packages from the Fifth College 
Resident Life Office. Loss: $135.06. 
4:33 p.m.: Physical Plant Services were advised of a gas line break on the south side of the 
Chancellor' s Complex. The leak was secured at 4:56 p.m. 

fREE 
COMPACT 

DISCS 

CRAMMING FOR EXAMS? 

& TAPESI 
TRADE IN: 6 CASSETIES, GET I FREE CO· 

2 CD'S, GET 1 FREE CD· 
2 CASSETIES, GET 1 FREE CASSETIE· 

' No hm" , on opproval, used CD's ond lopes 

~ lIuslc Ifrader - 2 locations 
:::---: 7094 Mira mar Rd. , Mira ma r Plaza i8' (corne r of Distribution) 693-1469 

5728 El Cajon Blvd . 265-2274 
MORE CASH PAID FOR CD'S & CASSErrES 

GET OUTTA TOWNI 
MO~ BOXES! 

~ "I'm Outta Here " 
NEED Student Special 

$39.95 

"I'M OUTTA 
HERE" 
Mo~,.n9 box package 

tor 
ApartmenL8 / StudIO 

5 SmdI80R~ 
1 MeC Boxes 
1. Lorge eo. 
J FI'" Wodroo. 

~ 'OO8ROI 

.~ 

\~' l 

!L.. ... ,.,..~~ 
UU\'M we' ~, 

UTC Moll 
4:lO5 La Jolla Village Dllve 
(nelC1 to Carlos Murphy·s) 

--Shipping Experts --
• Stereos • TVs 
• Speokers . Comp uters 

• Anything - Anywhere 

Pick Up Service Available 
C. O . D. or Direct (Mom & Dod Con 

(619) 453-9993 
One 1,II1e coM WI" do ,t a ll' 

IT'S TIME FOR DOMINO'S PIZZA~ 
You've filled your mind with facts 
and figures, NOW fill your body 
with a Domino's Pizza topped with 

CALL US! 
452·UCSD 

real cheese and fresh toppings. 3211 Holiday Ct. 
••• ~ GOOD AFTER 11 PM ~ ••• I ••• I JUST ASK! , •••• 
: LATE NIGHT • PEPPERONI PIZZA FEAST: 
•• FINALS SPECIAL •• OneMedium TWOMedium •• 

PIZZA OR PIZZAS 
• ~ne Me.dium Cheese $5 99 II $8.99 r!.us $12.99 r!.us I 
• Pizza With • On<! Medium Domino's ORIGINAL or • 
• 2 FREE Cokes plus tax I PAN Pizza with extra Pepperoni and • 

• 

extra Cheese lor only 58.99 plus tax, or 
• 

Addltion.,1 toppings 93teach plus tax. t the 10 · st $4 00 • 
Good at Holiday Ct. location only. Not good • ~ ano r one flU . more. • • 

• with any oth~r offer. Please men tion coupon I Good at participating locations. Not good 
• when ordering. ., I with any other offer. • 

Expl~. 6/17ifJO UCFS.(l Explns 6/30190 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
Limited deMVe<y area 10 lIftSIII'e sate driving. Our drivers cany leu !han $2Q. 



8 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 7, 1990 

CYCLE 
INTO 
SUMMER 
HEALTH CARE 

at Student Health Service 

When? Begins June 18 / Ends September 18 
Cost? One-time $30.00 fee for summer care 
Includes: Primary Care, Urgent Care, Women's 

Clinic, In-House Laboratory and X-Ray 

Who is Eligible? Continuing undergraduate, 
graduate and medical students, 
June graduates 

Also Available: Pharmacy, Dental and Visual Care 
on a fee-far-service basis 

Insurance: Student Limited Insurance Plan 
(SLIP) is NOT in effect over the 
summer. Enroll in the Voluntary 
Insurance Plan (VIP) for outpatient 
and emergency care 

SIGN UP NOW AT STUDENT HEALTH SERVICE 
for more information call 534-3300 

~ NO Down Payment 
~ NO Payment for 120 Days 
~ NO Interest for 90 Days 

~ NO Previous Credit Required 
vLimitod timo financing program. Employment commitmont required on approvod credit. 

4433 Mission Bay Drive 
(between Grand and Balboa) 

581,3200 

r---__ -
I - LA JOLLA CIVIC/ UNIVERSITY SYMPHONY ASSOCIATION 

SYMPHONY 
CONCERT 

AT UCSD MANDEVllLE AUDITORIUM 
Presenting 

The Winners of the 
35th Annual 

YOUNG ARTISTS 
COMPETITION 

TANG LEE 
DIANE WINTERTON 

SUSAN DUBOIS 

AGNES GOTTSCHEWSKJ 

CHERYL NORMAN 

Tchaikovsky - Violin Concerto 

Bartok - Viola Concerto 

Arias from La Traviata 
and La Boheme 

Concertos and arias performed by San Diego's emerging artists 

Satuniay, June 9,8 p.m. 
Sunday, June 10, 3 p .m. 

Tickets through TicketMaster 278-TIXS 
$7.00 Students/Seniors • $9.00 Gen. Admission 

Also available at UCSD Box Office 
~~.-.-

To Enter Next Year's Competition CaILD .lola Symphony Office at 534-4637 

r-----------------, $2 at the door : ()() OFF! on performance day : 
with this coupon L _________________ ~ 

GRADUATE IN "SUITE" STYLE 
JUNE 17, 1990 

EMBASSY 
--~--SWJ~~S~ 

SPECIAL UCSD GRADUATE RATE $89 00· 14 persons per suite • 9% tax applies 
• luxurious two-room suite with wet bar, 

refrigerator, and microwave oven 
• Full free cooked-to-order breakfast 

every .momlng 
• Free cocktails for two hours each evenlnJtt 
• Swimming pool, whirlpool, sauna, and sundeck 
• 2 miles from the UCSO campus 

·Price Is per sune, per night, and based on availability. 
ttSubject fo state aoo loesllaws 

For Reservations Call 
(819) 453-0400 

Embassy Suites Hotel - La Jolla, 4550 La Jolla Village Dr., 
San Diego, CA 92122, (619) 453-0400 

Thursday, June 7, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

One Ye'ar Late, Student Credit Union Set to Open in Fall 
By RANDY DOTJNGA The steps included facility plan-
Senior Staff Writer ning, negotiations with the univer-

sity for use of Automatic Teller 
A UCSDstudentcredit union is Machines, the formation of a stu-

slated to begin operations in the dent advisory board, and univer-
Student Center this fall, a year after sity design approval, Kieweg said. 
its original scheduled opening date. The delays occurred because 

An agreement to open the credit "in this process, everyone has to be 
union was signed by representa- happy and know what everyone 
tives from the Associated Students, else is doing," explained Third 
the UCSD Administration, and the College senior Adam Remis, the 
University and State Employees chair of the ASUCSD Student 
(U.S.E.) Credit Union inJune 1989. Credit Union Advisory Board. 

The facility was scheduled to The university approved plans 
open in Fall Quarter 1989, but the for the remodeling of the credit 
starting date was postponed be- union's office space last Friday, 
cause several steps in the opening and the construction work went up 
process took longer than antici- for bid yesterday, credit union 
pated, according to U.S.E. Credit Manager Dee Rice said. 
Union President lim Kieweg. "Very soon we' ll be choosing 

Open 6 days a week - Gone fis 

One-Hour 
Enlargements! 
7523 Fay Ave. (Vans Center) . £ 
• 459-0696 

the contractor or contractors," she 
said, predicting that the facility 
will open in late August or early 
September. 

The remodeling is " the last 
hurdle we have to clear," said 
Revelle senior Doug Hutshing, a 
member of the advisory board. 

When it opens, the credit union 
will occupy a space in the Student 
Centernear Soft Reserves and A.S. 
Lecture Notes. 

The non-profit credit union, an 
A.S. service, will be operated as a 
subsidiary of the U.S.E. Credit 
Union, a statewide organization 
that currently operates a branch on 
Gilman Drive for campus faculty 
and staff. 

Several professional employees 

NEED CASH? 
WE BUY 

CASSEnES & 
COMPACT 

DISCS, 
WE PAY 
MORE! 

•........... 7094 Miramar Rd. 
693-1469 

may be hired initially "to provide that as a possible expansion," 
the training for the students and Remis said. 
quality service that is needed," According to Remis, there are 
Remis said. approximately 20 student credit 

But the student credit union unions currently operating in the 
plans to eventually have two pro- U.S. 
fessional man~gers oversee a paid The UCSD Student Credit 
staff consisting entirely of students, Union is unique among similar 
Remis said. student banking institutions be-

"We want all students involved cause it has the financial backing 
in it,and we're going to have that," of a professional credit union, 
he said. Remis said. 

Thecreditunionwillofferserv- Despite the many delays, tho e 
ices ranging from checJcing and involved in the formation of the 
savings accounts to credit cards credit union remain optimistic 
and personal loans, according to about its future operation. 
Remis. "I don't think we ' ve done any-

"We're not planning to do thing wrong ... when we open, it's 
[educational loans] right away, but going to open up right," Remis 
in the future we will be looking at said. 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

HOURS: 11 -10:30 Sun.·Thurs. 
Il-Il Fri. & Sat. 

LA JOLlA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd .• Ste. lOB 
(in Von·s Shopping Center) 

• _0. 

--------------------I I 
I 250/ OFFCII'IYsmaII, I I 70 =:zc:n yogurt I 
I \tid wtItl Of"! other one<. Toppngs not Included. ExpIIes 7/2/90 I L ____________________ ~ 

UND •• GIUUIUADSI 
Do.'t Forget 

to Keep Your Boel 
Covereel with 

SU ..... r Sick •••• 
a Accl .... t I ••• ra.ce 

If It 
DOesn't Fit 

It's effective while traveling 
or staying home ... 

Registered Spring Quarter Students, Summer Students, 
and Post Docs are eligible to purchase insurance. 

STUDENT $1.42.50. SPOUSE $179.50. CHILDREN $121.50 

ENROLLING NOW until July 17th 
information and applications are available at 

Student Health Center • Q-039 • 534-2123 

MORE MONEY . 
Our 1989 first )'t'ar marketing reps earned an 
average of SI7 .22 per hour. The low rep earned 
$12.96. The high rep earned $25.65. With 
comm Issions starting at 24" plus weekly 
incentoves, )IOu too can earn thIS much or more . 

DON'T SETILE FOR LESS 
INTERVIEWS TODAY 
9 a.m. or 2 p.m. 
Career Services Room 104 

QO .... EGA 1-800-955-6015 

Ship It. 
Whether heading for cOllege or home for 
vacation, Mail Boxes EtC. USA will get your 

things there safer. faster and all In one 
piece. we even pack your boxes for you! 

VONS LA JOLLA COLONY CENTER 
7770 Regent Rd. · San Diego· 453-7331 

Mon .-Fri. 8:3~6:30; at. 9: 0-3:00 



10 FEATURES 

• Story by Lior Rozenman 
Guardwn Reporter 

On any sunny San Diego day, 
one can just sit out on the cliffs 
overlooking the infinite blue ocean 
and walch hang gliders soar 
through the sky. But have you ever 
wondered what it would be like 10 
fly like a bird above this incredible 
view with nothing separating you 
from the world except for a pair of 
wings strapped to your back? 

UCSO student Rick Moy won-
dered in his freshman year. So he 
went to the office of the privately-
run Torrey Pines Hang Gliding 
School by the glider ports off of 
Torrey Pines Road, and signed up 
to take lessons. 

Several days later. Moy and 
other beginners, like so many oth-
ers before him, took a bus to Mex-
ico for a day of beginning lessons. 

When the students reached their 
destination, an instructor gave an 
introductory speech on hang glid-
ing. 

"The introductory s peech 
sounded like every other one I've 
ever ever heard," Moy said. "The 
first thing he said was ' Hang glid-
ing is not as difficult as it looks. 
We will teach you the basics, and 
allyou havetodois keep you r head 
and use what you will learn today 
once you ride in the air. ' .. 

After listening to a series of 
speeches describing fundamental 
hang g liding techn iques, the stu-
dents were able to attempt to apply 
the skills they werejust taught. 

"It actually looked kind of easy," 
recalled Moy, explaining that, as 
beginners, they were only to run 
down the sand dunes with the glider 
and the instructors flanking their 
ides. 

However, students have a few 
complications when they begin to 
practice. 

"For one thing, that hang glider 
was heavy. They may look real 
light when you 1>ee someone in the 
sky with one, but [they are heavy if 
you) try lifting one up while tand-
ing on land, [or on) a sand dune 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 7,1990 

Features 

with wind and sand blowing in 
your face." 

The wind has an undesirable 
effect of tilting the gliders. 

"It's very important that you 
keep the nose [front] steady and 
straight. Otherwise, the wind can 
do crazy things to you," Moy said. 

"People who let their wing tilt 
downward into theoncoming wind 
have been known drive their glid-
ers into the ground, vaulting them- . 
sel ves over the glider and down the 
hill in the process. Others some-
times tilt their noses skyward,. 

'It was weird, I 
just kind of forgot 
about being 
scared, because it 
was just so great 
to be up there.' 

- Rick l-hJy 

where a wind pocket can lift them 
10 to 15 feet straight into the air, 
but then let them go to fall straight 
back to ~~rth ." 

Moy's experience, however, 
was not was not so eventful. 

" I held the [horizontal) bar [sup-
porting the glider), with assistants 
on each side to help me hold it 
steady. Then, Hook a running stan 
down the hill, leaving the assis-
tant behind, and all of a sudden, 
the thing wasn't so heavy. It just 
kind of hung in the air. .. gliding. I 
guess that' s why they call it hang 
gliding. 

"Before 1 got to the bottom of 
the hill, my legs got off the ground, 
and for a few seconds, I was air-
borne." 

This was just Moy 's first les-
on, during which he learned sim-

ply how to hold the glider, run with 
it, and acquire a general feeling for 
hang gliders. 

Firsllime flyers are often known 
to come down with serious cases 
of agrophobia - fear of heights -
in the air, but to Moy 's relief, he 

felt no fear as he took his test for a 
level two licen e enabling him to 
perform feats in his hang glider-
like S-tums - several years later. 

"It was weird, I just kind of 
forgot about being scared. because 
it was just so great to be up there," 
Moy said. "I had had so much 
training that it was just natural, and 
fun. ] ended up enjoying the ride 
more than I worried about passing 
the test." 

Now, four years after he first 
decided to take up hang gliding, 
Moy hopes to achieve his ultimate 
dream: to fly off the cliffs of Tor-
rey Pines. 

"In order to fly (at Torrey Pines]. 
you need to fly a certain amount of 
hours. I am about to reach that 
level and get my <!lass three li-
cense. Then I will be able to fly at 
Torrey Pines." 

It 's just a matter of time until 
Moy can be seen diving off the 
Torrey Pines cliffs and flying off 
into the distant sunset . 

Hang gliding students and 
instructors alike take to the skies 
for fun and adventure. 
Photos by Jennifer Kolsky. 

Hanging Out 
the Sky • In 

While Many Ride the Waves, One 
Student Has Taken to the Air 

Thursday, June 7, 1~90 The UCSD Guardian 

Guardian Gnphic by Leip Anne MCCon .... ulhey 

The Gradual Death of Chivalry 
Students Fail to Put Out the "Extra Effort" for Others 

By GAVIN CHRISTY 
Guardian Reporter 

Mss Noname stroUs along a 
busy walkway. All around her a~e 
masses of nameless, faceless 
people. She tries to smile at them, 
but all she gets is a cold glare in re-
turn ... 

Is common courtesy absent at 
UCSD? Are expressions like 
"excuse me," "thank you," and 
" you're welcome" becoming 
obsolete just like the trees? Is this 
campus molding into a callous 
institution where the students act 
indifferent toward others and look 
out only for themselves? 

According to Muir senior and 
Ballroom Dance Club President 
Jill Conel, chivalry is courtesy, a 
special form of consideration. 

Andy Deuchars, Muir senior 
and Society for Creative Anachro-
nisms member, added that chiv-
alry "is one step more than man-
ners - an extra effort." 

But "chivalry is disappearing," 
Conel said. 

One explanation for the lack in 
takingthis"extraeffort" is UCSD's 
impersonal atmosphere. 

Dr. Margaret Armstrong, a psy-
chology profes or at UCSO and a 
self-proclaimed humanist, said, "It 
is easy to feel anonymous and un-
appreCiated in (UCSO's 1 large 
classes, because very linle of what 
you do is individually recognized 
or shared with olhers." 

For this reason, students have a· 
greater propensity for being 
friendly with people thatthey have 
had in a physical educalion class or 
some other small class once, than 
they would have if they had many 

large lecture classes with some-
one. 

"There is more interaction with 
small classes. In lecture class there 
is competition among peers," 
commented Coue!. Also, when 
walking around cwnpus, "you're 
more sure you recognize people 
from a small class, and there is a 
reference point and common expe-
riences to talk about." 

Deuchars said that UCSD is 
impersonal, describing it as "a little 
town with masses of people, not 
individuals ... 

Armstrong said that the seem-
ing apathy people have for 
eat:hother stems not from insensi-
tivity, but from being extremely 
respectful for other people's rights. 

"I've found that Southern Cali-
fornians generally show their re-
spect for others by not 'bulling in' 
- respecting the privacy of oth-
ers. Fonsomeone from another geo-
graphical culture, Ihis might seem 
initially uncaring or unconcerned, 
but this is not at al1 the case," she 
said. 

Couel had another explanation 
for the disapperance of chivalry: 
"The reason chivalry is disappear-
ing is because women are pushing 
for equality," which men appreci-
ate, she said. 

"Guys make a conscious effort 
not to do what they would nor-
mally do [in the presence of a 
woman so that shedoesn'tJ feel in-
suited," she added. 

Conel said that if a per on ex-
tends some courtesy to someone 
and it b rejected, " it's like giving a 
person who doesn'l celebrate 
Christmas a pre ent." 

Armstrong stre sed that chiv-
alry is not a male domain. 

"I think anyone - male or 
female - is fianered when some-
one does [something nice] for 
them," she said. 

Another erosion of good man-
ners may be due to the pervasive 
setting in which we seek an educa-
tion. According to Deuchars , 
"People are wrapped up in them-
selves. " 

Deuchars said that when stu-
dents refer to each other as "dude" 
or "guy," they reveal themselves 
to have an impersonal view of the 

'People are 
wrapped up in 
themselves. ' 

world. 

- Andy Deuchars 
Society For Creative 

Anachronisms member 

Cottel asserted that the substi-
tutes for a person's name are inten-
tionall y impersonal. 

"If you didn ' t want to talk to 
someone you can say 'dude' and 
keep walking." Oftentimes. COllel 
said, a person just forgets 
someone' name and it would be 
embarrassing to ask it again. 

"It's like admitting that the 
acquaintance was more important 
to them Ihan it was 10 you," he 
said, commenting that the replace-
ment of the express ion" good bye" 
with "later" or "see you later" i a 
positive transformation of one of 
our more prominent gestures. "We 
say it to be different and creative. 
'Good bye ' sounds pennanent and 
'later' implies that you'll see the 

See CHIVALRY, page 12 

FEATURES 11 

....... - Valid W"k. ONLY! 
Buy one Medium or Large frozen 
yogurt, and get one of equal or 

lesser value for FREE 
OR 

$.50 off a Rot Snieken Sundae 
OR 

$.50 off any Milkshake 
Oner .. U4 SahU'da~ or S_da~ ONLT! Ma~ IS. 
1990 dora .r_ ~o, 1990. Hot "aU4 with UQ' 
other oII.r. PI.... • ..... Ilt _u.... 1MIe ... 
-"en." __ .... oll .. r ~ 

YEARS 
A HEAD 

HAIRCUTS 
by Mark 

Women $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg .. $/9) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

Perm & Haircut or $50 
Highlight & Haircut 

For appOintment. please ('01/ 457-1930. 8950 Villa La Jolla Dr .• 
Sl~. 1110, La Jol/a (b<>hind EI Torito dirt(t~y across ramp.) 

SUMMER & FALL JOBS! 
Advertising Representatives and Newspaper Delivery 

people are needed at the UCSD Guardian. 
Call Michael at 534-3466. 

IT'S A JUNGLE 
OUT THERE. 

Resumes, invervicws, experience, decisions - it's enough 
10 scare the bravest job hunter. 

BUI, as a Thomas college lemp, you 'll work for the best 
companies in Cal ifornia. In more than 100 positions - word 
processing. office, financial. data entry, light industrial. 

You'll gel good money - and pay no fees. Work as much 
or as tittle as you want. And get rirsthand job experience. So 
when you're ready 10 bag Ihe big One, you won't hayc to beat 
the bushes. 

Think of uS as jungte guides this summer. 
C4LL US TO!MY. 

IlnJ CWREMONT MESA BLVD., #203 
SAN DIEGO, CA nUl 

(619) 560-1001 



12 FEATURES 

Full set ..................... $22 (reg. $30) 
Fills .......................... $12 (reg. $15) 
Manicure/pedicure .. $18 (reg. $22) 
French Manicure ..... $8 (reg. $10) 
,-------) 
I ~1. I 
I any nail repair I 
L ...:~ ~.~. $3 per nai~ --.l 

Arsl·nme diants only ' Expires 711190 
In Pacific Plaza nex110 Vons 

1724 Garnet Pacific Beach' 27G-49n 

It's Time for the Besfno 

FREE 
DRINK RIFILLS 

Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

... , .... VIII ... C-..... 

r--
----------------, 

READY, GET fIT, GO! : I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
it 

SPRING INTO SUMMER : 
f~ SPECIAL! I 

With this coupon ... 
one FREE Month 
with purchase of 
regular 
membership. 
4 MONTHS FOR 

I THE PRICE OF 3 
I . Total cost. One per person. Must enroll on tnt visit and an incenIive may 
I be offered 10' entcling on /egular 1'I1OfI1beIsNps. Frst lime rrentJers oI'ly. No olhef discounts can be used i1 conjordion wi'" ... on ... and 
I "H"I ......... 'T'III rrentJe,ship rrust be used at cantil< ot IIMlIlmeni. Must be at least 18 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
• I 
I 
I 'JttI-........ ~ yem old. P..-sonal ~ai1ing and babysltling aval1able II nominal cost. 

I Lomas Santa Fe Plaza' 97S-C Lomas Santa Fe' Solana Beach 259-8515 .JI L ___________________ _ 

The UCSD Guardian 

Jill Cottel, Ballroom Dance Club president, discusses the concept 
of chivalry. 

$41'* 
SlUDlNrIlOUlll 10URS 

"Ole-Week Lenirl!Jlld & 
WoscaN Jnj only. 

-olher U .S.S.R. .rrd E.1stem 
El,l"()f:)e ta.n lM!iJable . 

GuIdi TIauII 
UCSD PIkII CadIr 

nat to ...... 0IIcJI 

451·0630 

Thursday, JWlC 7,1990 

CHIVALRY 
Continued from page 11 
person again." 

Cottel went on to explain that 
there is a certain amounl of insecu-
rity with people making eye con-
tacl with one another. 

'It is easy to feel 
. 

anonymous ... In 
[UCSD's] large 
classes. ' 

- Margaret Armstrong 
Psychology Professor 

"You do not want to convey 
that you might like the other per-
son," she said. Cottel believes that 
wilh such a large university, it is 
easier to not meet people and just 
disappear into the background. 

ERRATA 
In the story entitled "Gen-

eral Store Extends Contest 
Deadline" which appeared in 
the J une4 Guardian. it was in-
correctly reported that the 
GeneraJ Store Co-op could 
only send color slides and 
negati ves to its processing 
facilitlies. The Co-op actually 
offers full services to black-
and-white film. It was also 
stated that lhe Co-op would 
only be accepting SX7 prints 
for their contest. It should have 
read, "SX7 or larger." TIle 
Guardian regrets the errors. 

Gold Futures 
Help Save 7he 
Environlnant 

. 

It's As Easy as 1 -2-3 

Save Up To SSO On Gold. Invest In Your Future. 
Buy an ArtCarved college ring. a Full Lifelime Warranty. 

It 's a smarr invest- And ArtCarved offer a 
ment. Because -d\ Ji>i::" variety of men's and 

J\rtCarved ~~ women's styles with 
gold rings lots of option~. Choose a 

are c rafted with college memento 
the kind of quality that grows more 

you can pUl slOck inlO. valuabk with time. 
Each ArtCarvcd how you can 
college ring save on gold 

comes with accessories, too. 

Price Center Plaza 

$30 Deposit 

I 
o 

1 . Precycle ... 
2. Recycle ....................... . 

3. Preserve ... 
Recycle Now or Die!!! 
1. San Diego generates enough garbage to fill Jack Murphy 
Stadium in only 14 days, and produces 4 million tons of solid 
waste per year. 

2. If Californians recycled all their bottles, aluminum cans and 
paper, they would save perhaps 150 million gallons of oil each 
year. Recyling a six-pack of aluminum cans can save enough 
energy to drive a car 5 miles, and recycling a glass bottle saves 
enough energy to light a 100 watt light bulb for 4 hours. 

3. If half the paper in the world were recycled, 75% of the 
demand for new paper would be met and 20 mjJ]ion acres of forest 
would be saved. 

You too can help. We must think globally and act locally. Do 
your part to help save the Earth by recycling your glass, 
aluminum, and newspaper. It's worth the effort. 

.......... .,: Recycle Bins are 
located around 

the Price Center 
UnlT~ and Student Center 
Board Center 

~ 

Thursday, June 7, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

• OW even a starVing 
stu ent can a or 

a Mac E! 

NOW ONLY 

For a limited time you too can save $505 on a 
Macintosh SE computer (20mb hard drive). 

I)"n't 1111"" \Ilur ,h.lllll' til 1'11\ ,I \1.ll"illt""h 
,It th .. ,,· 111\\. 111\\ I'ri,..-.. Ihi" i" l )\:11 

,l\ ,Iil.d,k III ,111"1,'111 ,,111,klll-. 1.1, lilt, ;llld 
"I.d t .11 l \. . ...,; J). 

The power to be your best. ® 

• Mac Plus only $785 
• Mac SE/30 only $2315 (40mb hard drive) 
• Mac IIcx/40 only $3670 
• Mac IId/40 only $4755 

and much more! 

l'\I\II~SITY 

LIeSE] 

Computer Center 534 .. 4291 

13 

, 



I 

, 

/ 

14 PHOTO 

Ed Lim/Guardian 
Beginning Ballroom Dance, Recreation Gym, May 31, 1990 
" For it should be clearly understood that UCSD exists for one primary 
purpose only : to educate" 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 7,1990 

Fnmk Lum/Guard lan 
Urey Hall, Science and Engineering Library, January 29, 1990 . . . 
"UCSO's undergraduate colleges are situated on a park-like, 1,200-acre slle high on the bluffs overlookl 
the Pacific Ocean at La Jolla. Long famed as a vacation and retirement community, La Jolla boasts some 
of the fine!.! beaches and coves, re taurants, art galleries, and other attractions in the nation." 

Thursday, June 7,1990 The UCSD Guardian PHOTO 15 

Central Library, May 31, 1990 
"Grades in undergraduatecour es are defined as follows: A, excellent; B, good; C, fair; 
0, poor; F, fail; I, incomplete (work of passing quality but incomplete for good cause); 
and IP (In Progress cour es approved for more than a one-quarter sequence). The 
deSignations P (Pa s) and NP (Not Pass) are used in reporting grades for some 
undergraduate courses. P denotes a letter grade ofC- or better. NR indicates no record 
or no report of grade was received from the instructor. W i recorded on the transcript 
indicating the student withdrew ordropped the course sometime between the beginning 
of the fifth weekofa quarter to the end of the ninth week ofaquarter (see the W grade)." 

Revelle Plaza, November 5, 1990 

UCSD Class Schedule, Spring 1990 
Programs range from services to help students overcome past academic deficiencies to 

them excel in a subject matter or skill. 

Gall Joh-.'Guardian 

Darryt YeeiGuardian 

Galbraith Hall, April 27, 1990 
"UCSO is intellectually challenging and academically intensive. Al-
though its site is appealing, UCSO is not a coastal playground in which 
to amuse oneself while waiting to enter the 'real world ... · 

"The growth 'of UCSO did not happen by accident. The rise to 
di tinction result d from wise and careful planning by visionary 
faculty and administrators." 

Excerpts/rom UCSD's General Catalog alld 

Edited by Gail Johnson, Photo Editor and James Collier. Features Editor 



16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 7, 1990 

Sports 
UCSD INTERCOLLEGIATE ATHLETICS: THE YEAR IN REVIEW 

WOMEN'S TENNIS 

Behrens' Title 
Offsets TealD's 
5-4 Upset Loss 
Closest Match in Tourney History Stifles 
Tritons'Third Try at Back-to-Back Titles 
By BRIAN ITOW 
Senior StajfWriter 

For four years. Christine Behrens has been women's 
tennis at UCSD. No matter what the Tritons were doing, 
Behrens always seemed to be at the center of it. 

In Behrens' first three years at UCSD, the Tritons cap-
tured two national championships and finished third. Yet 
despite all her success, Behrens was never able to capture 
that elusive singles national championship. 

So it only seemed fitting that, in the year that Behrens and 
the Tritons were paning ways, their levels of success did as 
well. Shonly after the highly favored Tritons were upset in 
the final round of the National Championship, Behrens 
captured her first singles title. 

Entering the National Tournament, UCSD seemed vinu-
ally unbeatable. The Tritons went undefeated against Divi-
sion m teams and won two of six matches against Division 
I schools en route to a 14-4 record and number one ranking. 

Through the first two rounds, they didn 'tlose a beat. The 
Tritons won 17 of their first 18 matches todefeatSt. Thomas 
College and the University of the South at)d advance to the 
finals. However, their bid for a second straight national 
championship was squashed when Gustavus Adolphus pulled 
off a 5-4 uspet victory. 

Behrens waltzed through the tournament. She did not 
lose as set and yielded just 24 games in five matches. 

In addition to her national title, Behrens was honored as 
a fOllr-time All-American, and as the Senior Player of the 
Year by the Intercollegiate Tennis Coaches' Association. 
She also combined with Susan Carney to eam All-American 
honors in doubles. 

Robyn lnaba, the Triton's number two player, eamed na-
tional Rookie of the Year honors , and is expected to take 
over as the team 's leader next year. 

MEN'S BASKETBALL 

First Playoff 
Shot Tops 
Record Year 
By PHlL GRUEN 
Senior Stajf Writer 

"We're a team to watch out for. 
We want to win it all next year," 
UCSD men ' s basketball Head 
Coach Tom Marshall said at the 
endofthisseason. "We won 'l settle 
for just getting into the playoffs." 

TRACK AND FIELD 

Quantity Adds Up to Quality 
By DANA. CHAIKEN 
Sports Editor 

In taking a record 10 competitors to nationals, the UCSD 
women's track and field team proved wonhy of its two-pan 
name, as the diverse group of runners, jumpers, and throw-
ers tallied 44 points and a third-place finish - its best ever. 

The majority of the women's points came from yet an-
other thrower, Shannon Quigley, the defending national 
c hampion in both the shotput and the discus: She bettered 
her marks in both events, but still only claimed runner-up 
honors in each. 

Also scoring points were the third place performances of 
first-year sprinter Erica Washington in the 100m, and the 
4xlOOm relay team of Yvette Marzullo, Washington, Vicki 
Dunckley, and Michelle Milledge. 

The men 's teams, on the other hand, might just have to be 
renamed the men's field team, as the only points the group 
of four qualifiers flashed for 28th on the board at nationals 
came from sophomore All-American thrower Scott Sargeant. 

Sargeant captured the national crown in the hammer. 

Washington also scored with an eighth in the 200m, and 
points were added by discus-throwers Rachel Beerman, 
Shelly Squibb, and distance runner Michelle Conlay. 

MEN'S VOLLEYBALL 

Champs Start Slow, 
End With Flurry 
By DANA CHAIKEN 
Sports Editor 

If you were to graph the won-
loss sequence of the UCSD men 's 
volleyball team in 1990, it would 
not look like the usual "heanbeat" 
graph. 

were all downhill, but, yet some-
how must have contributed to the 
amazing recovery. 

For, in recording an 0-15 record 
against nationally ranked Division 
I opponents, the Tritons primed 
themselves for the Pacific Coast 
Volleyball Conference season. 

Admirable ambitions, but wait 
a second. Until this campaign, the 
Triton men's basketball team had 
never reached the playoffs. Re-
turning from last season 's 9-17 
disappointment, this was not a 

Guardian File PIIeto 
John Davey (I) and AII-PCVC swing attacker Tom McCutcheon .. 

It would look more like, well, 
someone passing away, but sud-
denly recovering and never look-
ing back.on the road to good health. 

Thefirst 15 games of the season 

During those winless three 
months , UCSD captured at least 
one game again t all its opponents 
except national title contender 

See M. V -BALL, page 23 

quad expecting to make playoffs. 
So was Marshall being, per-
hap~, overly optimiStiC with his 
comments? Probably not. 

The 1989-90 team put together 
the finest single season tn its his-
tory, amassing a 20-7 record, and 
at one time achieving a national 
ranking of 13th, its highest ever. 
And all this without any seniors on 

ee M. HOOP, page 23 

WINTER/SPRING 
TEAM AND INDMDUAL SUMMARY 

Individual Honors 
ALL-AMERICAN : 
Christine Behren , Tenni~ 
Chris Belloli, Tenni 
Susan Camey, Tennis 

ig Huber, Tennis 
Jefi Pauhen, Water Polo 

Shannon Quigley, Field 
Brenda Reiton, Water Polo 
Scott Sargeant, Track & Field 
Devin Thorn ,Golf 

NATIONAL HA PIONS: 
hristine Behrens, Singles 

Scon Sargeant, Hammer 

Team Finishes 
BASE ALL: 
19-17-:; no postseason play 
MEN 'S BASKETBALL: 
20-7' lo~t III West Regionals 
MEN'S FENCING: 
4th at West Coast Regionals 
WOME"I'S FENCING; 
5th at WC~l Coa~t Regionals 
GOLF: 
10th of '22 teams at Nationals 
SO B L L: 

22- 16; no postseason play 
MEN'S TENNIS: 
13-12; 10th at Nationals 
WOMEN'S TENNIS: 
16-5; 2nd at Nationals 
MEN'S TRACK & FIELD: 
28th of 90 teams at Nationals 
WOMEN'S TRACK! FIEJ.D: 
3rd at National Meet 
MEN'S VOLLEYBALL: 
10- 16; PCVC C hampions 
WOMEN' WATER POLO: 
26-0-1; National Champions 

Thursday, June 7,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

SOFTBALL 

Early Slump Proves Fatal 
By PETER KO 
Associate Sports Editor 

The smooth-running machine 
that called itself the UCSD softball 
team rolled into the new year hot 
off an impressive 1989 in which it 
racked up a 35-9 record, and ad-
vanced to the Midwest Regionals. 

With the nucleus of the learn 
returning, UCSD was expected to 
be among the front-runners for the 
national championship in 1990. 

Instead, the Tritonmobile 
slammed into reverse, opened the 
season 2-6, and found itself with 
all four wheels stuck in a Grand 
Canyon-sized ditch of its own 
creation. 

Don't be mistaken though. The 
slow stan did not immediately send 
the season into the dumper. In fact , 
the Tritons barely missed out on 
the playoffs, when an almost unbe-
lievable set of circumstances on 
the fi nal day of the season bumped 
UCSD from the last spot of the 
West Regional playoffs. 

In retrospect, however, rookie 
Head Coach Sal Coats knows that 
an 1;he has to do to find the answer 
10 why herteam did not see postsea-
son play when so much had been 
expected of it, is look. at team's 
sluggish opening. 

After all, the Tritons responded 
to the 2-6 opening by winning 10 
of their next 12 garnes. The high-

GOLF 

GuudiM I1'Je ........ 
Tracey Kehr led the Tritons in home runs, RBis and stolen bases. 
light of the run was a perfect game 
by Kim Stutzman on March 24 
against Augsburg College (MN). 

Stutzman's 10-2 record at ihe 
end of the season was impressive, 
but the staff ace this year was 
undol!btedly Kathy Fogg. 

Fogg's 8-9 record was not 
overly remarkable, but the junior 
right-hander was on the hill for 
almost every one of the Tritons' 
"big" games. Her nine losses were 
more indicative of a lack of run 
support, as her ERA for the season 
was a sterling 1.04. 

Fogg's lJumberssummarized in 
a nutshell the Tritons ' season. The 
pitching was sparkling throughout 

the season, but the offense could 
never get untracked. 

Still, several players shone of-
fensively. Fogg led the team in 
hitting at .348, and received sup-
port from CiOOi Murphy (.320), 
Dana Chaiken (.314), and Lynn 
Moreno (.304). 

Moreno was a consistent force 
throughout the season from the 
fourth or fifth spot in the order, 
with 16 RBIs. 

In somewhat of a mixed bless-
ing, Chaiken, who split time at 
shonstop and center field, also led 
the team in slugging at .429 from 
the leadoff spot. 

See SOFfBALL, page 18 

1990 Thrns into Rebuilding for '91 
By BRIAN ITOW 
Senior StajfWriler 

At the beginning of the season, 
UCSD head coach Mike Wydra 
guaranteed that the men's golf team 
would win a national champion-
ship in the next two years. By mid-
season, he acknowledged that this 
was going to be a building year for 
his young Tritons. 

The Tritons spent the entire 
season just inside the top 10, and 
entered the National Tourney 
ninth-ranked in Division m. 

UCSD took only one senior to 
the national tournament, and its 
inexperience showed. It was un-
able to putlogether solid back-to-
back rounds, and rode a roller 
coaster through the tournament. 

After opening the tournament 
in 12th place, the Tritons jumped 
to six th and eemed poised to 
contend for a place in the top five. 
However, instead of gaining on the 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

C \ I I I" I 11<" I 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North #315 

Ihird day, they fell all the way back 
to 15th. 

The Tritons ended up finishing 
a di sappoi1ting 10th in the tourna-
ment. Senior Mike Reinhardt 
earned honorable mention AII-
American by finishing 2200 in the 
tournament. 

Despite the up-and-down per-
formance, Wydra virtually guar-
anteed that his team would capture 
its first national title next year. 
With the players Wydra has re-

turning next year, his promise does 
not seem all that inconceivable. 

Team leader Devin Thomas will 
return next year, trying to atone for 
two mediocre showings in National 
tournaments. In addition to 1110-
mas, the Tritons will return na-
tional performers Bob Knee, 
Bobby Meyerson, and Man Stot-
tern. They will also return 
Campbell Waldrop who was 
named the team's most inspira-
tional player for the 1990 season. 

Math, Computer Science or 
Physics Graduates 

LlBRASCOPE has job openings for bright, energetic 
people interested in working in the areas of 
Software System Design, Programming and 
Algorithm pevelopment. 
Librascope is a leader in Anti-Submarine warfare 
algorithm development and offers a ·small company· 
work environment with competitive salaries, benefits 
and flexible hours. Personal excellence is empha-
sized and ernployees are encouraged to work on a 
variety of projects from initial design to final testing 
and checkout. 

Come team with the best! 
Send resumes to: Librascope 

3065 Rosecrans Place, Suite 201 
San Diego, CA 92110 
AnN: Lori Gadler 

Librascope 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

SPORTS 17 

Make the right choice for 
your graduation parties ... 
_ .. or come by for breakfast, luncb, or dinner! 

• Overlooking Torrey Pines Go" Course 
and the Pacific Ocean 

• BeautHuI outdoor dining 
• A wide variety of nutritious yet tasty cuisine 
• AJI-you-can-eat salad bar 

• Deli sandwiches, fresh fish 
and chicken entrees, and more ... 

r-----------------Enjoy your 20% student discount 
with a UCSD 1.0. 

ClJoIces in the .. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
SIlIley Sports and Health Center of 554 FOOD Scripps ClInic ·10820 North Torrey Pines Road Call -

Hooray for the team! 

Come on In after Ule game (with your 
ticket stub) and we'll give you a free 
waffle cone with any ice cream purchase I 

, 
I 
I I IIMBIl : 
, 4180 Begenb Park Bow • 887-3880 ~ L--______ .-,--_______ . ..-J 

UCSD Summer Session 
has added the following courses: 
-First Session (July 2-August 3) 
Economics 100A: Microeconomics 
Economics 120A: Econometrics 
Psychology 102: Intro . to Sensation and 
Perception 
Psychology 183: Infancy 

-Second Session (August 6-September 7) 
AMES 10: FORTRAN for Engineers 
Chemistry 1408 
For furlher information . phone the SUlllillel 
Session Office JI 534-436-1 or 534-4365 

l J( ~CJ 
.. "1 .f;;'S '. 2' :~. ~.:~.,:. SAN D EGO 



18 SPORTS 

ATTENTION GRADUATES! 
The Residence Inn by Marriott La Jolla 

the closest hotel to the UCSD campus 

$8922 $12522 
one-bedroom suite two-bedroom suite 

Your big day Is JU t around the comer! Make reservaUons early for your 
lncomlng family and frtends at t:he Residence Inn by Marrioll La Jolla. 

They wtll enjoy spacious one- and two-bedroom SUItes With fully 
eqUIpped kitchens and IIvtng rooms. Also. t:hey can treat themselves to our 
complimentary breakfast each momlng. 

The Residence lDn by • Located Just south ofUCSD 
Murlott La Jolla ••• • on Gilman Drive 
PIea.se mmUon IIUs ac::tvertlsemenJ 
10 ~I..'e special role. 

8901 GUman Drive, La Jona, CA 92037 (619) 587-1770 

Theatre Games 
and Improvisation 

Theatre 25-S (4 units) 
First Summer Session, July 2-August 3 

Monday through Thursday, 8-9:50 a.m. 
A unique, perfomlance oriented approach 10 the acting process, 
taught by Walt Jones, Broadway, OfT-Broadway, regional theatre, 
and television director. and AsSOCiate Professor in the Theatre 
Department at UCSD. 77JIS class call accommodate students of a/l 
levels of experiellce, bllt enrollment Is /(mfted, so call the Summer 
Session Office (534-4364) and sign lip now/ 

The Student Credit Union, 

opening In the fall , seeks 

applicants for teller, clerk, 

lending and new accounts 

representatives. Get your 

application at the Career 

Services Center or call 

them at 534-4472 

for more information. 

Includes: Shampoo and quality haircut 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service pnces reg. $21-$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of Stylists To Insure faster service, It'S 
best to come on weekdays. 

•• iii ...... ____ 

~~~--~--

457·3334 
8843 La Jolla Village Dr. • La Jolla , CA 
La Jolla Village Center [Ralphs , Savon) 
MEN -WOMEN 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 7,1990 

BASEBALL 

Veteran Squad Disappoints 
By PHIL GRUEN 
Senior Staff Writer 

On paper, the 1990 Triton base-
ball season looked pretty good. 
The team wound up with a record 
of 19-17-2, and racked up a num-
ber nine ranking' in Division m. 

But this was a Triton baseball 
club that was expected to rack up a 
great deal more than that. Return-
ing 12 seniors from a squad which 
reached the Division ill Western 
Regionals before being elimi nated, 
this team was expected to do noth-
ing less than its 1989 record of23-
19and a number five ranking. 

"This is the most balanced team 
we' ve ever had," Head Coach Lyle 
Yates said before the season. But 
for most of the year, Yates ' club 
was walking a tightrope. When the 
Regional Selection Committee as-
sessed UCSD's season last month, 
the Tritons lost their balance. 

CREW 

Historical 
Seasons 

In a season splattered with 
numerous placings, al\ the 
UCSDcrew teams posted some 
of the prognun' s best finishes 
ever. 

'The highlight for the men's 
varsity eight was capturipg the 
San DiegoCity Cbampionships. 

TIle women did the same, in 
addition to sweeping the 
Oxnard Regatta. 

The strong contending per-
fonnances of the novice and IV 
boats, along with those of the 
varsity, breed optimism for 
1991. 

And with it. five regulars, the 
core of the 'pitching s taff, and a 
whole lot of promise. 

But despite some of the disap-
pointment, the 1990 version of 
Triton baseball st ill gave its faith-
ful plenty to cheer about . Like the 
time when senior transfer Dann 
Eaton no-hit Western New Mex-
ico University at the Southern Cal 
College Tournament. 

Like the time when UCSD 
swept a doubleheader from rival 
and eventual Regional panicipant 
CSU San Bernardino on the road. 

Like the times when the Tritons 
swept doubleheaders from Whit-
tier, Wayne State, and Wisconsin-
Whitewater. And the time when 
Mike Morgan shut down Division 
II Cal State Dominguez Hills 4-0 
in a crucial contest. 

But then there was the time when 
CSUSB returned the favor and 
swept the Tritons on their own turf. 

And there was also the time when 
Division I SDSU buried the Tri-
tons 10-2 in UCSD's final game. 

When the Regional Committee 
selected No. 28 Claremont and No. 
20 CSUSB for the West Regional, 
it gave Yates time to question the 
decision-making process. 

UCSD split its regular-season 
contests with both Claremont (21 -
16) and CSUSB (21-12), but did 
not quite match their records. 

Last year, the Regional Selec-
tion Committee was ovenuled by 
the national committee after it had 
denied UCSD a regional berth. 
This year, the decision stuck, de-
spite a rather vocal protest by Yates. 

Although the staff as a whole 
fell short of expectations, Mor-
gan, a senior, nevertheless came 
through with a 7-2 record. On the 
offensive, senior MVP Henry 
Jimenez closed his UCSD career 
wi th a .391 season average. 

SOFTBALL: No Regionals 
Continued from page 17 

Catcher Tracey Kehr, the only 
senior on the team, led the team in 
home runs, RBIs, and stolen bases 
withtwo,19,andninerepsectively. 

The team highlight was un-
doubtedly its own tournament in 
the middle of April, where every-
thing - the pitching, defense and 
hitting - came together. The Tri-
tons won the tournament by de-
feating then fifth-ranked Cal State 
San Bernardino twice. 

The Tritons then closed out the 
season with five wins in its last 
nine games, including a double-
header sweep of the University of 
San Diego on the final day. After 
that, all UCSD could do was sit 
back and await word from the 
Regional Selection Committee. 

The news that came was not 

good. Entering the USD contest, 
the Tritons had been ranked fourth 
in the West. The pattern of the 
committee in recent years had been 
that it awarded berths to the top 
fourteams in the West Region. 

With the douleheader sweep of 
the Division I Toreros, Coats must 
have thought that her team was 
relatively safe of not dropping in 
the standings. Wrong. 

Fifth-ranked Cenlral pulled off 
the most improbable offeals on the 
same day as the USD sweep, by 
sweeping then top-ranked Simpson 
in a doubleheader. 

The two wins catapulted Cen-
tral all the way to the top of the 
polls and pushed everyone down 
one notch, including UCSD into 
fifth, where it was left out in the 
poslseason cold. 

SuperS"utt'e 
SAN DIEGO Airport transportation from your home &===~ to/from Lindbergh Field Airport. 

-EASY 
e~~-SAFE 

- AFFORDABLE 
- RELIABLE 

.. ~ .... ---..... -.. -.--.-.-----.. -.--
(OFFER EXPIRES JUNE 30, 1990) 

This coupon is valid for the appropriate discount on a full fare, one way $1 OFF. 
tr~nsfer on th~ Sa~ Diego SuperShuttie System only. Present this coupon to Fares • 
dover to receive discount. $15.00 or less • 
Limit one coupon per person. • 
Cannot be combined with any other discount or fare. $2 OFF : 

Fares • 
• Passenger Name -------------------- $16.00-$25.00 • 
·Driver# __________________ $3 OFF! 

• • Date Fares 
: $26.00 or higher: 

i~:.~;~~~~;.·~~~!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~:o.~~~lf.j 

Thursday, June 7,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

WEARE 
GOING -
TO MOVE 

The Literature Department faculty from Revelle, Muir 
and Third Colleges, as well as the AdministrAtive, 
Undergraduate, and Graduate offices, will be moving 
to the new Literature building on Warren campus 
during the last week of June. We anticipate a 
temporary reduction in our ability to provide normal 
services while we unpack and re-organize. Please 
be patient! 

Students in Literature courses this spring should 
provide their professors with self-addressed, 
stamped envelopes for the return of their papers/ 
finals. We cannot be responsible for papers that 
may be lost during the move. 

PHOTOS 
FOR GRADS. 

(AND OIHIRs, TOO.' 
Get double prints of every color roll-every day! 

12 expo 
15 expo 
24 expo 
36 expo 

24 prints 
30 prints 
48 prints 
72 prin~ 

Standard Extra 
size large 

12.99 13.47 3.79 4.39 4.99 5.95 6.99 8.43 
Grad Pak Special 
May 24-June 17 

1 - 8xl0 
2 -5x7 

8 - wallet size 
Only $8.50 

(Offer good from color negative only. No slides. No limit.) 

THE SUNSHINE STORE 
Hours: 

Monday-Friclay 7 a.m. - 10 p.m. 
Satur~ 9:31) a.m. - 10 p.m. 

Sunday 9:30 a.m. - 6 p.m. 
['\1\'["'1.;,1 I\, 
". I ." \, ..• 

a-WEEK SUMMER 
RESEARCH 
JOBS 

For 
Physics 
Chemistry 
Engineering 
Computer Science Majors 
& Biochemistry Majors 

Eligibility: • Junior or Senior by this summer 
• 2.8 GPA or above 
• First generation in your family to go to 
college 

• Eligible for financial aid 

Eight positions are available. They provide laboratory experience, a 
$2,000 fellowship, and free campus housing. 

Pick up an application at: Faculty Mentor Program 
507MAAC 
(a linle brown building east of Price Center) 

19 



I ( 

/ , 

r _ 

20 CLASSIFmDS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 7, 1990 

C LASS I FIE D 
CI .. slfIed .dftrt'.'ng I. sold In 15-_nt 
Increment • • The r ... per 15 _rda I. $1 
for students (peraoNI1 u .. only). $3 for 
f.CUIIy. staff •• nd orglnlZlltlon.. Ind $4 
lor others. Plyment In advlnce Is 
requlNd; therefo .... ada mull be mailed 
with I check (made payab" to TIle UCSD 
Guardl,n) or praHnted In person. 
Deldllne. Ire 3 p .m . Thur.dlY for 
Monday's pilper end 3 p.m. Monday for 
Thursday's paper. The Guerdl,n.--s 
the right to refuse Iny Idvertlslng 
Including but nol limited to 
companionship Ids. For monllnformltlon 
call 534-5416. The GuardIan. UCSD. B-
016. La Jolla. CA 92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWtSH ADDRESS AT UCSDI Jewish 
campus Centers provides warmth. educaIlon. 
prayer, socializing. Connect wI,h Union of Jewish 
StudanblI502 Manhews; 88SI ol,ho Price Center. 
Call RabbI Slotnick. 534·252' , (412'617) 
SchoIIrshIpa/Gr8nIa for college area available. 
Millions go unclaimed yearly, CaD 1·800-334· 
3881. (4112-617) 

Writing helpl Prolesslonal. private, r:l881 your 
deadline. your convenlenca. monay back 
guararuea, Jim 481·1810. (4112-617) 

DISSERTATIONCOMPLETION WORK· 
SHOPS. Individual and group sessions. For 
InfonnaUon call the Poslgraduate Group 692· 
0966. (5121-617) 

Applications for Third Junior Senator ar.'n tho 
Dean's Offlca, Apply by June 7th. (5/24-617) 

RAFT THE RIVERS OF THE WESTII ca,arad 
Canyon of tho Colorado, tho Yampa, Gre.n. Go 
with Hatch who was tho first 10 run lho Middle 
Foil< of lho Salmon In '9361 Good rates. 800/ 
342-8243. (5129-617) 

ENTIRE WILDERNESS PROTECTION ACT 
BEING THREA TENEDI A bill in lho U.S. Sena'e 
(5371) has already passed one committee. It 
will undermine all our country's wilderness areas 
which are alr.ady protededl Please help '0 
save our land and whal's left of our wikl animalsl 
Writ. '0 Sena'or Bonnen Johns,on and the 
Presidem'o ask them to vefo this bill. Addresses 
and inlormatlon are on the Co-ops' Bullefin 
Board in the Old Sfudanl Center The results 
will be catas'rophlc and Ineversibte If we 
don1 speak out and pr.venUhl. trom happening. 
(5131·6/7) 
VOTERS BEWARE OF DECEPTIONI The 
l imber industry's Inllia,iv. is called lho Global 
Warming and Clear·Cuning Redudlon. Wildlile 
Pro'edion. and R.'orestation Ad 011990111 Tho 
worthy two initIatives are the Env;ronmental 
ProledionAd 011990 and'ho Forest and WiIdfH. 
Proledion InI1iaUve sponsored by lhe Forests 
Forever coamion.(614·6I7) 

WATCH OUTI Proposllion 115 may ba Pefe 
Wilson's anack on Pro-choice. Check h outll 
(6/4-617) 

ltlil'!J ~ ,riP 
UNIVERSITY 
Special promotion for 
graduating seniors 

See Arthur Edwards 

• NEW a USED CARS • 
730 Camino del Rio 

San Diego 
(619)297-5001 

USED CD'S 
$8.99 ea. 
TAPES 3 
for $10 

Thousands in stock! 

•............ 7094 Miramar Rd. 
693-1469 

Don1 baiieve the hypel All major .nvironmental 
groups supporllho WILDLIFE PROTECTION 
INInA TlVE (PROP 117). It would sat aside $30 
millton a year for 30 years 'rpm already 'X11ljog 
lIIllII:i forlho acquisition and prOledlon of habltal 
lor,ho moumain lion and endangered species. 
II would also ban lhe trophy hunting of mountain 
lions In California fOlllver. The UCSD Greens 
urge you to vole YES ON PROP 117. (6/4·617) 
AMAZING 3·0 SHOWI Film. slides, experiments. 
MandeviHe Reci'aI Hall Friday. June 8. 3·6 p.m. 
FREEI(614-6/7) 

Come hear 'Modem Zoo" and sea tho lamous 
Wat.rmelon Drop, Friday June 8. Noon'o 1 p.m. 
on Revelle Plaza. (614-617) 
MODEL CALL. Tho Unlversily Bookstor. Is 
looking for volunteers '0 model coIlegIa,e apparel 
In our new ca'alog. A prolesslonaJ pholographor 
will be on sIIelo help seIac1 men & woman 0' all 
types. Friday. Jun. 8. 1 p.m. - 4 p.m. In lhe 
gr.ssy .rea 01 ,h. Price C.nt.r. Pick up 
rogistraUon larms atlho BooksloreI534·READ. 
(617) 
For Sale • 1979 Honda Accord 5 speed. runs 
great. $1600_ offer. Ed. 546·0570. (617) 

ATTENTION UCSO STUDENTSII ThIs Is your 
final week 10 save 50% . 90% off re1a11 at Apparel 
Design.r Zona Fec10ry 0uUe1 Clolhing Sale. 
All hems hae been reduced for this special 
UCSD Anals Week Salell Youll find shorts. 
leans, skin,. and tops. for $S-$10. Swlmsuh. 
from OP. Two HOI BrazIl. and Calvin Kleln 
reduced '0 $14.991 All 5fuden'. receive an 
addhlonal 10% discount 8250 camino Sama 
Fe. Open Mon·Sa, 10-6, Sun 12·5. Hotline 450-
3323. (617) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari Electro!ogist. 1200-1500 hairs per 
hour. 3251 Holiday Cou~. Slud.nt dlscounls. 
(619) 558-4644. (619) 226-1962. (4I3(H;.7) 

PAPERS TYPEDI Ouick & affordabl., $2IIyped 
doubl.-spaced page. Call W Colony Resumes 
& Professional Typing Services. 455-8357. One-
day service availabl • . Laser Printingl Choice 01 
35 typestylesl (412·617) 

Rent·a-brain 24·hr. writing Mor; outstanding A-
stud.nl UC grad save this numberl Make 
deadlines Jim 481·1810. (4112-617) 
TYPING ·Iheses.lerm. Ph. Os. Legal , All formats. 
RUSH JOBS. MARIE 931·9596 (4112-617) 

Surfing • 'inally do I,. lun. sale, 20 y.ars 
.xperienced lileguard. wat.r saillfy instructor 
481 ·1810. (4112-617) 

WORD PROCESSING, '.rm pap.r •• 
experienced di ... na,ions. 7 days a week, 4.0 
English SkIlls. r.'er.nces 755-2683. (4126-611) 
WORD PROCESSING · Student papers and 
resum.s. laser printing. Fasl and reasonable. 
CaJllnputIOutpul. 535-3010. (4/30-617) 

Word Processing· any sIz •• pick up & delivery. 
Fas1lunnaround· Call Sandy 755-4316. (4/30-
617) 
MlclnIoeh Rep.Ir • upg ..... : Componen' 
level repair. FREE estimates. Weekend Servica. 
(Mac 128/5121Plul Power $89). Memory 
upgradee All Macs (Mac 128/51210 Plus stans 
@$210). Pick-uplDellve.y. 458-5916. Compullx. 
(513-617) 

DYNAMIC BEll YDANCING DUOl avaiiabie lor 
sped.' .venta: call Jaydeaha and Thoa 558-
0938. (5117-617) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New aI Cal Copy. Only 
55.95. While you wait. X.roxes and mor •. Near 
St Garmalns. 452·9949. (5121-617) 

Word Processing Services. Professional quality, 
reasonable rates. Cal 566-9096.(5129·617) 

FREE DENTAL CROWN. EXperienced dentist 
taking Calif. Dental Board Exam. Will ins'alilree 
crown as part of lest (61 9) 481-1874.(614-6m 

"Type-righl· 'ranscriptlon. Word Processing. 20 
years medical experl.nce. Very reasonable. 
Student rates. lI695-8262. L.ave message. 
(614-617) 

Pia's 
Resale 
Shop 

Accessories 
1570 Garnet Ave. Collectable 
483·6175 Items 

Typlng/Word Processing: Papers, resumes, etc. 
E_nt Reasonable rales. Campus drop-oHI 
pick up. carol, 294·7172. (617) 

WORD PROCESSING. EDITING. $2Ipage, 'ree 
pickup & delivery. 7 daysIWeek. Irma 453-6282. 
(617) 

WANTED 
Eam $/5.00. Subjects wanted for a study on lho 
eHedS 01 alcohol. II you ai. a UCSD student or 
non-academic staff. Am.rican born male 01 
entirely Japanese. Chinese. or Korean descent. 
call Scripps Clinic and Research Foundation for 
mona Inlorma,'on. 554·2192. (412-617) 

UNHAPPY? FREE research studie. evalualing 
medica'ions .... available '0 people IUffering 
lram daprwslon. Symptoms ,_ sadness. 
la'igue. guilt loss 01 Im.resl In dally ec1lvit1es, 
and dlflicuille. .'.ep'ng. .aUng. and 
concentra"ng. SuHabie volunteers receive free 
medications. lab tests. physicals and psychiatric 
evaluation. 18 or older. Fre. s'udles also 
available lor panic. Call The Feighner Research 
Institu'. at 484-4300 Monday - Friday 10 a.m. ' 
4 p.m.(4I26-6I7) 

Houseclaaners. window washers. $7-$14111r. 8-
25 hour week, nex. punaual. prolesslonal, 
reliabl. car, musI have some experience, must 
worI< through summar. good relerances. 259-
8731/M-F 12p.m-5p.m. l.av. massage. (4126-
617) 

Broken Mlctntoeh equlpmenl wanted for CE 
student Willing '0 negoUa,e a trade. Call 535-
0930. (513·617) 
SUMMER WORK $9.85'0 stan. Nalional Refail 
chain tilling 19 openings in San Diego county. 
No .xperience required. Scholarships availabl • . 
No door '0 door or phone sales Involved. Mus' 
apply now. may sian a"er finals. Call 9-5 p.m. 
Clair.mon' 483-4055, Encinitas 436-8634 . (517· 
617) 

Eam $500 - $2000 pan·1Ime. per monlhl Wall< 
your own hoursl Need .n.rge1lc peoplel phone 
224·a529. (5114·617) 

SUMMER JOBS TO SAVE ENVIRONMENT · 
EARN $2500·$3500. NaUonal campaign 
poshlons '0 pass Clean Air Act. stop toxic 
pollution. lighten pesticide controls & promote 
compnahenslve r&C)'cling . Availabl. in 18 Slates 
& D.C. Interviews on campus 5130 & 5131 . Cail 
Kat.lolI·lree all-8QO-75-EARTH. (5/17·617) 

MAKE EVERY DAY EARTH DAY. Summ.r 
campaigns lor tho environment. Eam $2500-
$3500. Help pass tho CI.an Air Ad. lighten 
pesticide controls, promote comprehensive 
recycling. WolI< available 18 states. Kat. 8001 
75-EARTH. (5117-617) 

WANTED: In,ant care in my Del Marhcme. Wed 
& Sat .. own car. S'art6l23. 755·6172. (5121-712) 

ATTENDANT WANTED by young professional 
disabled woman. Beginning July or August T· 
Th 6 2.m. - Noon; Sun 7:30 a.m. - 3:30 p.m. 
Reliable: efficient, own car. Personal car (no .xp 
OK). shopping, housework. driving. 571hr. LEE 
298-1745. (5129-617) 

Mark.tlng repr.senlatlv. lor Fortune 500 
companies. partifull lime eam $1000 10 S500 
month. 272·2n6. 436-2305. (5129-816) 

ATTENTION:EASYWORK,EXCELlENTPAYI 
Assemble praduds at hom • . De,ails (1) 802· 
838·8885 Ext. W-18113. (5I29-6m 

ATTENTION · EARN MONEY TYPING AT 
HOMEI 32,OOOiyr. income pot.nUal. D.,ails (1) 
802-838·8885 Ext. T-1811 3. (5129-617) 

HELP WANTED, NOW HIRING TACOTIME. 
45·471HR DEPENDING ON EXPERIENCE. 
FULL AND PART TIME POSITIONS 
AVAILABLE. CALl GREG 453·8818. (5131-617) 

ATTENTION: GOVERNMENT JOBS· YOUR 
AREAl $17,840-$69.485. Call (1 )802·838·8885. 
Ext. R-181 '3. (5131·617) 

Looking lor a student organiza,'on lhal would 
like'omak. $500-$1.000 for aone week campus 
mall<etlng projed . Mus' be organiz.d and 
hardworl<ing. Call Elizabeth K. or Jeanine at 
(BOO) 592·2121 . (5131-617) 

UCSD SPECIAL 
NEW CLIENTS ONLY 

Replace acrylic nails whh a 'New 
Product' called Lume Gel Bond Nalls. 

$35 Reg. $45. GIve your nails that 
CLEAR NA ruRAL LOOK! 

• Acrylics .............................. $16.95 
'RIIs .................................... $10.95 
• Silk Wrap ............................ $25.oo 
• Linen Wrap ........................ $25.00 
• Rberglass .. ........................ $25.00 
• Pedicura ............................ $1 0.95 
, Manicure ........................... $5.95 

1476 GARNET AVE., Pacific Beach 
(Comer of Haines & Gamel) 

Next to Kentucky Fried Chicken. 
Palldng lot available 

CaJl483-6168 

FREE TRAVEL BENEFITSI CRUISE SHIPS 
AND CASINOS NCJoN HIRINGIALl POSITIONSI 
CALL (1) 602·838-8885 Ext. Y·181 '3. (5131 · 
617) 
ATTENTION : EARN MONEY READING 
BOOKSI $32.OOOIyaarlncome potenllal. D.,alis. 
(I) 802·838-8885 Ext. BI<-18113. (5131-617) 

Pert TIme wort wI'h lUll lime Income can be 
yours with a phenomenal buslMSS 01 your own. 
Service Industry (travel. long distance. resons) 
backed by an .xploalve growth California 
Company. CompIet. 'ralnlng and suppan. For 
an appI. call 759-7380. (5131 -712) 
Pan'llme night coftaIor: 4 hoursIday, 5·6 day", 
_, 3 a.m.-7a.m. Uftlng required. MuSI be 
reI1_. ScrippI ClInIc. Inquire with either Mary 
Phelps. 554-4310. or Joyce Sfewan, 554-9811 . 
(614-617) 

Holspots Is now hiring sat.. helpl Junior 
swi""",ar and epcxtwgr located In new Coal. 
V_cenler_from UTC. Full or Part-flme. 
For mo ... lnlo contact Becky aI438-6692. (614-
617) 
s.byaitIer!Summer- P,of •• I",r.j couple with 7 
month old happy. heeIIhy boy. Flexible daytime 
hours. Man-Thurs. 4-20 hours per week. East 
Del Mar horne. $3 par hour plus gas. 792-0867. 
(6/4-617) 

ManagamenllSalee. $5OOOImo. ful growing 
company needs open-minded people to help 
wlfh expansion. Bllmgu.!. -'come. FTiPT. No 
experience required. Zhoua 558-3065. (614-
617) 

JOBS JOBS JOBS - Na'ional Employm.nt Wire 
Service announces a free computer nvfwoll< 10 
help UCSD student. find curr.rrt part and "'" 
time job opening. with hundreds of companl.s. 
Ask lor lh. NEWS CAREER INFORMATION 
SYSTEM computer loca,ed al the Career 
Services Cenl.r. B·030. (619) 534-3750. (614-
617) 

PEER COUNSELORS. Psychological and 
Counseling Services has paid positions lor Fall 
'90. Apply to Career Services lor Alcohol and 
Subs'ance Abuse (Job .11087). Lesbian and 
Gay (Job .11086) and Recover from Ea"ng 
Disorders (Job '11073) programs. Volunteer 
posl"ons op.n In Women's peer program. 
Con,act Dr, Juarez. 534·3875. (614-816) 

MODEL CALL Tho Univ.rslly Booketore Is 
looking forvolunt&ers to modal coIlegiat. apparel 
in our new catalog. A pralasaional pholographer 
will be on site 10 help select men & woman of all 
typeS. Friday. June 8. 1 p.m. - 4 p.m. In tho 
grassy area of the Price C.n'er. Pick up 
regls,rallon forms a' the Books'or.1 534-
READ.(6I7) • 

Rafailsales at UTC.OU1doors. Fashion-orien1ed. 
energatJc person. Full or part "me, .xp. helplUl. 
$S/hr. + commission. 538-1989. (617) 

Pan·tim. sales. Two year old company 1hat has 
been In California lor 3 weeks. No door 10 door 
or phone sales. I can Ihow you how to furn your 
knowledge and enthusiasm Imo a 'rem.ndous 
Income. Parted for lIudenlil 695-0670. (617) 

WIIkersI~ Int .... ed In supporting Loa 
Nlnoe 8 day or3 dayWalkalhon. Call 661 -6912. 
(617) 
an. peraon office In Ocean Beech wants part 
time help (8·10 MIwk). Meg. lor Tor 224-2606. 
(617) 

THE GUARDIAN NHDSSU ..... HELPIWe 
ha .. 21U"",*" _ out on July 2 and Augull 
6. W ....... contr1butionlln an of tho following 
ar.a: wrif .... end lIory ideal, photographers, 
Illustrators. and fypiIIs. PIa ... call MIlle at tho 
Guardian 534-0488. (617) 

Restauram La JoIa S/oonas, near UCSD. full or 
pert lime. lor summer. flexible hours. Irlancly 
place to worI<. coumer perllOn. 55 and uP. no 
experience required, we train you. Call K.vin 
454-8038. (617) 

Join lour 14) students bicycling acroea USA June 
28 • Early Sepl. Carrying own eqUipment. 
camping. Mandy 805-969-8132. (617) 

FOR SALE 
Waterbad frame. mirrored headboard. padding, 
12 drawers. excellent condlUon, 5100.00 Indyra 
TueslThurs 10-3 p.m. 534-0829. (5117-617) 

FOR SALE: 2100·walfamps. 3·waycrossovers, 
and Kicker Box. Over $1 000 value. $600 o.b.o. 
John @ 558-3780. (5124-816) 
Bessell Sur1board 6'9", greal cond~lon . lew dings. 
5180 o.b.o. Marl< 558-4798. (5129-617) 

One Way United licke, Irom SO '0 Wash DC 
dapans 6117 $200 - o.b.o. Emily 452·9428. 
(5129-617) 

ATTENTION· GOVERNMENT HOMES from 
51 (U·repalr) . Dellnqu.nl lax property. 
Repossessions. Call 1·802·838-8885 Ext. GH-
18113. (5129-617) 

Moving out sate: New doubl. bed. new desk and 
dr .... r • can ba sold as se, or eepara'ely. Call 
Rachel 259-7153.(5131·617) 

A futon and frame, new $85 beautilUl COlor. 
spaclallram • • can deliver, quality. qualify. 284-
6222. (5131 -617) 

ATTENTION : GOVERNMENT SEIZED 
VEHICLES Irom $100. Fords. Merced.s, 
Corvel'es, Chevy • . Surplus Buyers Guida. (1) 
602·838·8885, Ext A-18113. (5131'617) 

Twin bed available after graduation. Excellent 
oondltlon. Prica negoliable. Call Susan at 453-
8371. (5131 -617) 

Int.mal frame backpack: Dana Design Oirect 
grea, condhlon, $130 o,b.o .. 558·3628. (5131· 
617) 

XT compaflble. 640K RAM. 20MB Seega,e hard 
drive. 24-pln Epson printer. Plus many sohware. 
$650 o.b.o. Call Tom 558-7318. (614·617) 

SmIth Corona PWP3 word procasaor. Has 80 
col . x 8 line display. dl .... drive. and spell chocker. 
Come w/manual, 2 cartridges, and disks. 5330 
o.b.o. Also HIIIng mlnl·compact r.'rigaralor'or 
$25 o.b.o. 558-7327. (614-6m 
BIanchI - 1 go. Gnlaf _. call lor daIaIIo of 
components. S200 firm. Ra'up 587-8946. (614-
617) 
PLEASE BUYI Commodore 8032 wIIh letter 
quality printer. dual 1Ioppy. sohwant. $345 o.b.o. 
Jason 558-2575. (6/4.617) 

MUST SELL: good speakers w/l2" woofers. 
hove '0 gel old of before summer. Patrick 558-
0961 . (614-617) 

Double bed and dryer, $100 o.b.o. each. BoIh 
like new, _ 'remoYlng. 259-7145. KaraorSheily. 
(614-617) 

Large cover. lock, and cabI. for 185-200' car. 
$40, Call Jason al558-0013. (614-617) 
Fisher amp and tuner. Aging but funalonal. Will 
take beSI oHer. Call Jason al 558-0013. (6/4-
617) 

Moving sal • . Refrigera,or. apanm.n,·slze. two-
door, 58' x 24' x 24". like new. available 6-15-90. 
595; Sola'bed' Sears, brown plaid, In good 
condition, $60. Call 558·2535. (614·617) 

Yamaha '86 FZ6OO. Mlata blue wI'h gold rims. 
Custom pain' musl .... Summ.r's coming. 558-
1628. (614-617) 
Laptop compu'.rShorp PC4502, IBM compatible 
640K. Dual 3112" drives. Serial pan. I 200 Baud 
In'emal mod.m. Supertwist LCD scr.en . 
Panasonic 1180 NLQ printer. Lots 01 eoftware. 
$1300ibes1. Ma1l558·2197. (614-617) 

'80 VW Rabbi' AMlFM Casso 2 dr. 4 sp. IIJIlS 
well. $1300 o.b.o. Must saiL 755-6472. (614'617) 

ObI bd (mallress & box) for ..... $20 o.b.o. Call 
Riel< 565-0889. (614-617) 
For sate- XL Twin bed manress, box spring. and 
Iram • . Xlnt condition $50 481 ·2636 Jim. (614-
617) 

Futon & 4-way fram • . $100. Can dellvet.288-
0814. (617) 

Never usad. Olympus Infinity 330 Auto focus 
zoom. with ... mole. Neverwananteed. Bag and 
accessories $335. Phone 263-1833. (617) 

Refrigerator - good condilion - 5100 o.b.o. Call 
457-4037. (617) 

1888 AMC Ranauk Alliance 37.000 miles, 
IUtomatic. amlfmlcsu. 4-door. $2500. 495-
0118. (617) 

1884 Mazda RX·7. BeIga,5-spaad. Only 55,000 
mllesl GINI grad gift. New U ..... etutch. and 
brakes. Sunroof, AM·FM s\8r8Q. 'Groat buy" • 
Consumer Repor1s. AskIng 55800. 450-4240 
(day) or 942·3350 (evening). (617) 

Graduation sale: twin bid $50; smaJ1 bookshelf 
$15; student desks 565, $35. $20; folding chairs 
$6; 6 cu. ft refrigerator 590; '82 ~ 
Cutlass 51600; 455-0704 Kent leave message. 
(617) 

AMC 1973. 84K miles, new transmission wi 
paperwork, new paint. very r.lieble. $17000.b.o. 
558·2166. (617) 

Moving out sate: malching lamily room set • 
sleeper sola (lull), ranan chair wIIh matching 
s,ooI. round glass·'op Iable (whil.) • all lor 
$125.00Also dining set: brass, wood. and glass 
'able wl'h 4 chairs (as Is) $75.00. Call Lee or 
Gay!. 452-60:.;20;.:.:.:' (",617-,-) ______ _ 
IBM XTClone 512K RAM m.mory. Monochrom. 
monilor + sohware. New disk·driv • . $550 o.b.o. 
All 558·1896. (617) 
Red Honda Eli'e LX scooter (SASO) 8·months-
used, grea' lor getlln' around UCSD. $745.00 
Carii 552-0169. (617) 

Seville. 1977. Rebuill engine. good body. must 
sail. moving. $1499.00 or best oHor. Kerry 546-
1484. (617) 

Dining 'able. 4 chairs. chorry wood. Queen AM. 
new $1500, sacriftc. $599,00 or oHer, K.rry 
546-1464. (617) 

Air tanks, alum/8OI300 575 each or bast oH.r. 
Weigh, bah/Weight. $15.00 Kerry 546· 1484. 
(617) 

Solai.,eeper (Slat. 3 - sleep. 2) Make oller. 
755-5858 anytime. (617) 
Graduating Slnior mu.t sell all of his IUrnltur • . 
Includes dre .. wilh matching nlght.'ands, end 
t.bIa. small ooI .... ,"""r. kitchen table. Please 
contec1 Jess al551·2619,(8I7) 

Thursday, June 7, 1990 The UCSD Guardian CLASSIFIEDS 21 

A D V E R TIS I N G 
Amlga 2000 w/32M HD, Digi·VIew w/canwa, 
we ' .3. aottwar., $2000 10m. 535-1274. (en') 

Mazda GLC 1985 · verydepandable. $1700.00 
o.b.o. Call Frances 25&-ea53 mue\ NIl. (817) 

240-Z high performance hoed and cam. Brand 
new. SliWIn boxl Fit. 1870-74. HeadI~ 
- ani)' $100. WNt a balglinl Shelly 587-ee31 . 
(617) 

Thoroughbred g.,dlng. dressage. jumps. 
ex_ 'ralning + potenllal, 161>de. 10 years. 
$4100. Jenny 873·5207 (_). (817) 

Must Mil: one waytlcke' SO·NY, June 15, $200, 
Negotiable. Call 558-7937. (617) 
Airline _ anywIho",'n 1he continental U.S. 
$250 eachI$4OO bofh. o.b.o. 453·3057. (617) 

Madntosh S12K .nhenced and sohware - $520 
o.b.o. lmagawrifer If _ 5280 o.b.o. Urgent and 
priced'o move, Also ... Hng Apple BOOK eXlemal 
drive and Macintosh carry·case. Call Adam now 
@ 558-7207. (617) 

UnI1ed Alrtlnes Tick.t, roundtrip In Conllnental 
U.S. or 112 off HawaiUAlaska. $450.00 Michael 
695-8252. (617) 

I 

I 

For sale, 1979 Honda Accord 5 speed, runo 
great, 516OO1be11 offer. Ed. 546-0970. (617) 

HOUSING 
ac-nIrDnI condol 2 bedroom 2 baIh. Jecuul. 
,*",3-4. $1200.000483-9516, Leeve 1MUIQ8. 

~. (~17-617) 

lDoIdng for pnon(s) wi admirable '"-lyle to 
shant buu1IIUI home In La JaIL PIeau call 

587~. (5124-817) 

2 roome IVBiIabie In 4 br _ otartIng '-"'17. 
$3OOImo. Call 585-8536. (5124-617) 
Del Mar: Ma8ter bedroom wlfh b.rhroom Iortwo. 
~ IUrniehed. waaI>at. dryer. TV. VCR. doN to 
baach and .hopping cant.r. _1I1U1 I ..... 
ourroundlngs. Available June 15. $25O/parlon 
Call 259-9121. (5129-712) 
Two l.maIes wanled to oha ... large _ 
bedroom in fu~ condo (not room). Own 
bath. washer/dryer. pool . $250 plus 114 utilities 
eech. Katen 558·1471 no smol<ers pIaaIIe. 
(5129-617) 

Female roommate wanted. Share muter 
-..om. fumiehed. _ UCSO. Summer anI)'. 
$3OO/morth 558-nI8. (5131-en') 
Two room_ ....-..cI (11IIII/IemIIe)1II Own 
fumIaI>ad room In apecjoua 4 br. condo 15 
minulealrom UCSO. Pool. jacuzzi. cable TV and 
oilier amenities. Cleln HYIng In a relaxed 
a,mospherel A must _II $32O/month. no 
utIIIIas. Call 51_ at 271-6811 . (5I31-en') 

Roomm... wanled. IlY8II8bIe June 23. Own 
IaIge room In~ apeI1men1. Gel-. 
and NobeI_. Nosmoldng. $3n .80parmonth, 
112 utilities. Call Jeff. 534-4503 (worI<). 546-
0850 (home). (5131-en') 

La Job Colony Rental 2 F ....... roommat .. 
wanted'o shant a..-. BR wIprivaIe balcony 
Ind beth, large walk-In cIoaeI. BeIUllIUIfy 
1UmiehId. CIoaetocampullndehopping. RENT 
COVERS UTILITIES, including wuherldryer. 
cable TV. VCR. pooIlnd jacuzzi. AvaIIIbIa 11111 

80.~. Call Ashley II 587-G143.1eava 
".... (6131-817) 

Single bedroom Ivallable June ll1th In 3 
bedroom. 2 baIh condo. a.- HIghfIndI 
CompleJ. S300 + 1/4 utIIItiM. norHmGIdng 
fernIIea only. 587 .. 10 CaIoIyn. (81+&7) 

For ...,. UnI-.IIy CIty heMe 3 bd 1 112 bIIII. 
Itg. laC. Cfoea to echaaI and baech. AppIIIr1oea. 
'1050 54e-I843 (814-117) 
2 GIRLS NEEDeD 10 .... La Jolla cando 
_ .,.", w.'Dwn bIiIh , bIIoony. WwIrItrI 
~.dIatowMhIr,pooI.I275""" + ...... 
CodId KlIIIIn 587-OO1OASAP 4 SUBLETTER 
NEEDED for _ condo .. JWy 1. (8I4-8I7) 

Room lor ...,. In 4 bcW be heMe In lJIMIIIty 
CIty. Non·.moldull IamIIe preIarrId. $32O{mo + 
115 uUI. S\NnIe 4&2·3683 Iv . ...... (814-
817) 
2qu1M. reapo4l11b1e __ needed to .... 
matr. bdnn. In SalIna Beach. Avlil. mid Sap. 
$375 + 1/3 U1IItIee. Ocean·_ -has eve<y111Ing. 
7lI2·9848. (814-en') 
HUGE 3 bedroom In UnI-.IIy CIty for IUtnmer 
rental or y_lNae, Pool, pe'lo & aI ..,..,.. 
Included. CIoN to adhooI and malls In coIIega 
lIudent neighborhood . Cool landlord '00. $1 0601 
mo. Call Dan. MIeI<. Jason 457·5513. (614-617) 

Summer renlailLarge "'rnlshed masterbr. ln a 
IutIy IUrnished 2 br. 2 ba. apartment. Complex 
indo pool , jacuzzi, fitness c.nt.r. laundry and 
garage. S4501mo. 1 or 2 lernale nonsmok.rs 
prel. 452-9804 . (614'617) 

Fun and axciting roommates needed: Available 
6114·911. Mas,er bedroom wlown bath a' La 
JoI'a PoIn, Apls. Great location, near UTC. 2 
pools, 2 jacuuls, worKout room, dubhou.e, ew. 
. .$417,50 single + 112 uhl"les OR $267,50 
double + 113 uhliUa. each, Call Michelle 535· 
8230, (614·617) 

Room for rent 2 bdI1 bIIII. F .. y IumIehad ooncIo 
(La Paz In La JoIII Colony). Wid. TVNCR. pool! 
jac. CIIpOII. 5 min. drive 110m campus. male or 
1emaJe. Available after .... to mlcl-SeflI. S325I 
mo + utIIItlee. Call 55&-1035 Matk. (814-617) 

2 ~ warHd 10 ...... from UCSO. 
lannie. pool. weight room. 250. uIII Induded. 
Andy 284-n29. (814-817) 
Non·smoIdng female ~lIa WMled 8/17 -
9115 S3OO/m1h. CIMn home In Wall MIra Meea. 
GNat ""'-nat ... 586-7323. (614-617) 

t.4aie nonamoluJr needed to ehare .-er bdrm. 
In large condo. 295 + 1/3 Ulli. 587-0451 Jim. 
CIoN 10 fill. (614-617) 

Townhouse 5 min. walk to UCSD I~ 6118 
• summer. 4 bdrm 2112ba1h. Pool. sauna. OIher 
goodies. Rent as a _ or by room. CIII Roy 
a' 558-6450. (614-617) 
Gree, summer sublall New house In Mira Mesa 
just 5 miles from UCSD, Own room. big yard, 
crazy roommates. cheap ron' -only 5290 + 1/5 
ufililles. call nowll Hilarie 549-3971. (614-617) 

Summ.r roommal. wanted. Nice UC house. 
Own room, share bath and utili'ies. Rent 330.00 
587-9794. (614-617) 

Roommal. wanted. $325 Unlvarslly City near 
Vane. Av_ June III. Own room. 452·2728 
or 467-1783. (614-617) 

Luxuryll1-1eve1condo; 1 bdloll, 11I2ba;lraptaca, 
WISher, lridge. pool. 1pII. walk 10 UCSO. $850 
551-SI203. (8/4-617) 
Huge duplex houM; 4 bd. 2112 ba. privIIe. pool, 
JIIIB, garden. gar.'" UCSO ......... $2050 
551-9203 (614-617) 

CALL 
497·0572 

Wanted - fWD people mala a_ female to 
ohare m_ bedroom wlown bath, baIoooy 
lumlehld condo (except bedroom) <WIr Vent. 
Available!llllO. 5265 elCh. 114 u'lIl1las. Heatherl 
Natalie 558-2374 (617) 

ll1lUmmer oeaeIon · UCSD own room $1350 
July 1 - Auguel 4. Pool. tennis , 558-6822. (617) 

F.male student wanled '0 share masl.r 
badroomtbath In Del Mar condo. $2751mo + 1/4 
UIiIs - no dapoeIt. 6115 10 9115. GnaaI iocaIIon. 
cool roommat .. , ani)' 1 block lrom baach. Juliet 
558-6730. (617) 

Female room ..... e wanted from 6115 or sher. 
Own room 290 + 1/3 ulil . Great placel Pool. 
saune. .nd ,ennls court. Nice area, qui .. 
neighborhood In Unlverally CIty call 552·9135. 
(617) 

Av_: master bedroom to share In nice La 
Jolla Colony condo-summer'hrough neXl year?? 

5~7.50 .ach • 114 util. Own bath, washerl 
dryer. pool , jacuzzi. batcony. walk·ln dose'. 
across from Vons. 548·8591. (617) 

Summer roommate wanted. Own room In La 
Jolla Colony Condo. 322.50 + 1/4 utililies. 546-
8591 . (617) 

New 3 bdroorn 215bathluxury townhome in -Tho 
RenaIssanoe" to share. Own room wlfh bath and 
privale balcony. Aoce8s to garage, pool. and 
jacuui. Acroealrom UTC. ldaallorherdworking, 
hoaIIh minded prolesakonat, visiUng professor or 
pduale lIuda,,1. $600.00 Jerry 558-7629. 
(617) 

FumIshed roam Ioraummar InCiairemont. 216/ 
month. ac..lObuelnd .......... Available 6116. 
CailIhI 274-8242. (817) 

Summer sublet.Condo (Penthouse) ranting lor 
$850.00. 2 bed. 2 bath, pool. II1c. 552·0189. 
(6m 

Summer suble' . condo near UCSD. Many 
amaniflee. ~S500.00.IingIa. 1350.00 Must 
_I Call 552-0169. (817) 

Female roommate wanted large master 
bedroom. own bath, LaJolI • . $46O.00or$23O.00 
each shar •. ssa-0239. (617) 

Need a place for summer? Female roommate 
wanted toshanl 4 bedroom house In Mira Mesa. 
Own room lumlahad $213.331mon. No deposit 
needed. Available 6117·9122. Call 693·8429 
Candyll.4artha. (617) 

Senior roUrea wlshes'o assISI mature. r.llabl •• 
studioua mala medical student with free privale 
room. partial board, garega . In exchange lor 
some companionship. 282·8612. (617·8/6) 

Need roomma' •• et.an. no pany. $300 + 1/3 
utilities. Summer school'o '91 academic year. 
Brian 536-nI2. (617·7/2) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST: My lavorile oIive·green khaki jackel 
(Banana Republic brand) . Price C.nt.r 
Auditorium. on Friday 5125. P1eaaa rMum 10 
Edna or 558-1725. (617) 

LoeI In your my8IicaI .xp8I1enc:e ltocI<y you: I 
found yoo.-cry.aaI. ita.,.., & oil. Contac:tSabrina 
awnings 456-0348. (617) 

PERSONALS 
Third College nelda • new Junior Sanalor. Gel 
Involved and apply. Applications ana av_'n 
!he Dean's olfice. ~ne Is June 7. (5124-617) 

The UCSD Greens urge you '0 vOle YES ON 
PROPS 116 AND 117. (614-617) 
JosI.". collage rings on sale ,hls _ a' 
_'or • • Monday·Friday, 10:00 · 3:00 p.m. 
(614-617) 

MODEL CALL. The UnlversiW Bookslor. Is 
looking forvolun,eers'o model collegia'. apparel 
In our new calalog. A professional photographer 
will be on sll. '0 help salad man and women 01 
all types. Friday , June 8 1 p.m .• 4 p.m. In lhe 
grassy area of the Price Canler. Pick up 
registralion lorms altho Booi<storaI534-READ. 
(6m 
Slg Kaps soak up sam. rays and .njoy summ.r 
break. L.l's rll1um psyched for lalll (617) 

Congratulalions and good luck to our gradualing 
Sig Kaps. W.ll miss youl Lov • • your Sigma 
sist.rs. (617) 

Tho OASIS Language Program Is now accepting 
appllcalion for Mors 01 Spanish and Fr.nch. 
GPA 013.0+ required. For more in/ormation call : 
534-2284. (617) 

Sislers of Alpha Omicron Pi : Good luck wilh 
finals and have a fantastic summ.r break. 
Congratulatlons'othoaa gradualing. going alum. 
and SlUdying abroad. W.'II miss you allill (617) 

Greeks - good luck on finals and enjoy your 
IUnmer. We1_ you next y_. Sig Kapa.(8I7) 

CALL 
497·0572 

We are looking for people who fit one of the following: 
• Students • Fast food personnel 
• Former models • High school grads 
• Retail sales people • Energetic people 

The po.ition. we need to fill for 5 offices are: 
• Office Manager • Part time 
• Assistant Manager • Display reps 
• Summer help 

We ~r to those accepted: 
• Free company training • $412/week to start 
• $11 /hr, guaranteed income • 30-hr. work week 
• Rapid promotions • Fun office 

Let's talk and make a II success connectionl ll 
Call 497-0572 for an exclusive interview. Ask for David. 

We will be hiring throughout the weeke 



I 

22 SPORTS 

SCRIPPS MESA STORAGE 

ONE MONTH 
FREE 

STUDENT DISCOUNT 
Self Service storage 
at Lowest Rates 5 X 7 -$23 
Pay for 2 months, 

get third month 9780 CANDIDA ST.-

FREE 
9780 Candida St. 

566-3881 

MIRA MEU BLVD.!! 
$C~IPPS 
MIU 

STOlAe. IS 

MIRAMAR RD. 
MIRAMAR NAVAL 

AIR STATIO. 

The UCSD Guardian 

The (lCSD Summer Session 
first five-week session begins 
July 2 and the second five-week 
session begins August 6. 
An exciting range of courses from 
virtually every campus department i!' 
offered . Catalogs are available now For 
your free copy, drop by the Summer 
Session Office, UCSD Extension 
Complex , Building A, Monday through 
Friday, 8 a.m.-4 :30 p.m. or phone 
534-4364 . 

l JI: ~I ] 
LN,YEQSI'Y Cf CA,'fOR~ ~ '~N JlfGO 

6 

Bring your used textbooks to the tent in front of the bookstore 
a nd receive cash! 

Monday I June 11 
through 
Friday, June 15 

Saturday, June 16 

.. 6 

9 a.m. - 4 p.m. 

10 a.m. - 4 p.m. 

• 
p 

Hours: Monday-Friday 7:30 a.m. - 6 p.m. 
Saturday 9:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. 
Closed Sundays & Holidays. 

Ur\IVERSIlY 

Thursday, June 7, 1990 

MEN'S TENNIS 

First Round 
Jinx Strikes 
Once More 
At Nationals 
By LES BRUVOLD 
Sel/ior Staff Writer 

If the UCSD men 's tennis team 
could just avoid the first round of 
the NCAA tournament, it might 
really have a shot at winning the 
Division ill national crown. 

As was the case in years past, 
the Tritons, seeded eighth in the 
tournament pairings, were unable 
to get past the first round as they 
fell 54 to DePauw. 

Once again they relegated them-
selves to the consolation bracket 
where they split two, edging St 
John's (MN) 5-4 and falling shon 
5-1 against Gustavus Adolphus. 
UCSD's performance placed them 
10th overall in the 12-team tourna-
ment. 

In individual play, the Tritons 
fared a bit better, as sophomore 
Chris Belloli and senior Sig Huber 
both made it to the round of 16 
before being defeated. The pair 
fared even better in the doubles 
tournament , reaching the semifi-
nals before fallingto Scott Milener 
and Bobby Hessian of the Univer-
sity of Rochester (NY) 6-2, 6-4. 

Huber and Belloli were both 
selected to the All-American 
singles and doubles teams for their 
efforts in the championships at 
Swarthmore, PA. 

Going into the tournament, 
Huber was the sixth-ranked singles 
player in Division 1lI by the Inter-
collegiate Tennis Coaches ' Asso-
ciation, while Belloli was rated 
34th, and the two were rated third 
overall in doubles. 

Triton Francois Monnar was 
listed at 29th in the nation heading 
into the NCAAs, but was elimi-
nated in the early rounds. 

On the whole, the Tritons expe-
rienced somewhat of an up and 
down season - one comprised of 
hot, cold and lukewarm streaks 
that would make a water faucet 
green with envy. 

UCSD started off the year 
slowly witt. three consecutive set-
backs at the hands of Division I op-
ponents USIU, SDSU and USD. 

The Tritons then regrouped with 
back-to-back wins over Division 
1lI squads CSU San Bernardino, 
and highly rated CSU Bakersfield. 

But, before UCSD could start 
getting too confident, the team went 
into another slight lull, dropping 
close home matches to Division I 
Air Force and the Emory (GA) 
Eagles. 

Spring break served as a big 
relief for the Tritons, as they blew 
through the holiday period win-
ning nine out of 10 encounters, the 
only loss coming at the hands of 
the U.S. Naval Academy. 

UCSDcappedoffvacation with 
a tight 54 win in Hawaii overtop-
ranked and defending national 
champion UC Santa Cruz. 

The Tritons stumbled a bit to 
fini sh the regular season. winning 
j ust two of their last five , including 
frustrating 10 es to fourth-ranked 
Claremont and a 5-4 upset at the 
hand of Pomona-Pitzer. 

Thursday, June 7, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

FENCING 

Early Exits, Inexperience Deter UCSD 
By LES BRUVOLD 
Senior SlaffWriler 

It could have been better. It' 
could have been worse. You know 
- it was kind of in the middle. 

That just about describes how 
the 1990 season went for UCSD's 
men's and women' s fencing teams, 
as the two squads did not have one 
of their best seasons, butdidn 't fall 
on their faces either. 

Due to several early exits from 
the men's team, and a lack of expe-
rience on the women's side, nei-
ther squad performed as expected. 

Nevertheless, Head Coach 

M. V-BALL 
Continued from page 16 
Long Beach State, and final four 
competitor Ball State (IN). The 
Tritons also fell by just two in the 
fifth game against UC Irvine. 

Once PCVC play began, the 
defending champion Tritons turned 
their bar graph upside down. 

In being pushed to four sets just 
twice, UCSD motored through 
regular-season play unscathed. 

At the PCVC Tournament, 
things were no different from the 
regUlar-season, as UCSDremained 
undefeated in th~ two-year old con-
ference, and swept a majority of 
the postseason honors again. 

Sophomore Nate Brown was . 
voted the PCVC Most Valuable 
Player for the second time. 

Tom McCutchen and John Lim, 

W.POLO· 
Continued from page 16 
tournamentthey got within a hair' s 
length to, and spent a week in 
Rhode Island at the USA (Open) 
Collegiate Women's Water Polo 
National Championships slaugh-
tering anyone else who foolishly 
dreamt of a national title. 

Quite simply, they established 
themselves as the best collegiate 
team in the country. Bar none. 

This minor detail might have 
been confirmed last year, had the 
Tritons not lost in the national 
championship game. Instead, the 
loss served as the launching pad 
for one of the most sensational 
seasons in the history of the UCSD 
athletic program. 

Lynne Antonelli was pleased with 
cenain individual performances. 

The most notable came from 
Darin Wessel. who qualified for 
the NCAA national meet in the 
men's sabre event on the strength 
of his second-place showing at the 
West Regional Tournament. 

"Any time someone can qualify 
for nationals, that's a rnajor ac-
complishment," Antonelli said. 

At the West Coast Regional at 
Stanford, UCSD placed fifth in a 
field of six behind host Stanford. 
UC Santa Cruz. CSU LODg Beach, 
and the Air Force Academy. 

Other high individual finishes 

the only senior on the otherwise 
youthful squad, joined Brown on 
the All-Conference team. 

Head Coach Oscar "Digger" 
Graybill kept in sync with the other 
two-timers, being honored again 
as the PCVC Coach of the Year. 

Brown, a swing-attacker, led 
the Tritons in both kills and digs, 
improving his numbers in both 
categories from his first campaign 
last year. 

Finishing just behind Brown in 
most statistical categories, sopho-
more Bryan Palmer earned the 
team's Most Improved Award. 

Junior Lawrence Werner, a 
transfer from Boston University 
was awarded the Triton Award. 

First-year setter Matt Brega 
finished with 609 assists, ahead of 
sophomore Eric Stanger's 431, in 
an injury-shortened season. 

The foundation for this success 
was an offensive attack whose vari-
ation and weapons are ri valed only 
by the San Francisco 4gers, and a 
tenl.cious, swarming defense an-
chored by All-American goalieJefi 
Paulsen. 

All-Americans Brenda Reiton, 
Jamie Dailey and Kristen Larsen, 
as well as Toya Ellis and Amy 
Halley brought firepower to the 
octopus-like attack all year. 

No better indication of the Tri-
tons' overall power could be found 
than the final minutes of the third 
period of the Western Qualifica-
tion Tournament semifinals. De-
spite playing poorly for the first 
half of the contest, the Tritons 
simply overwhelmed UC Santa 
Bamara in a breathtaking minute 

at regionals were turned in by 
Amon Friedman (founh place in 
the men's foil), Kevin Mattson 
(11th in the foil) and Amy Leung 
(14th place in the women's foil). 

UCSD finished strong in con-
ference play with the men placing 
second overall, behind CSULB. 

The relatively inexperienced 
women's squad finished a strong 
fourth. 60 points in back of pace-
setting CSU Fullenon. 

UCSD loses Wessel and Fried-
man to graduation, and will have to 
rebuild without the services of 
Antonelli, who leaves after eight 
seasons as the Tritons' coach. 

M.HOOP 
ContinUed from page 16 
the club. 

So what was the major differ-
ence this year? In a word: Rapp. 
Junior guard and team captain Tim 
Rapp finished ninth in the nation 
in scoring with a 23.9 average, was 
selected to the All-Region team, 
and eamed an honorable mention 
as an AU-American. Rapp also set 
new UCSD records with 42 points 
in a game and 646 total points in a 
season. Not surprisingly, Rapp was 
honored as the team MVP. 

Sophomore forward Rick Batt 
also provided plenty of offense, 
shooting 66.3 percent from the 
floor, placing him fifth in the na-
tion in field goal percentage. Point 
guard Darvin Jackson received the 
team's defensive player award. 

and a half long sequence. 
With the game tied at seven, 

and 3:21 left in the third period, 
UCSD ripped off four goals in a 
row before the Gauchos had time 
to catch their breath, and never 
looked back. 

What followed was an easy 10-
5 victory over No.2 UC Davis in 
the title game of the tournament. 
The victory and the opponent were 
a sign of things to come, as it was 
on to Rhode Island for the national 
championship tournament. 

The championship match saw 
the Tritons face off with UC Davis 
again. This time the Tritons left 
nothing to chance, and blew away 
the weary Aggies, 9-3, for their 
second national championship in 
the five years. 

The Catholic Student Community 
and the Catholic Community at 
UCSD invite you to the 
end~of~the~year 
FAREWELL MASS. 

Sunda~June lO,at5p.m. 
at the. Revelle Sculpture Garden 
(Stonehenge) 

Reception following 

LIDIA 
Offers 

Students 

SPORTS 23 

kinko·s· 
15% off 

Cuts 
by Jennifer 

7535 G irard 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

6191 454-9651 

the copy center 
457-3775 

8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

IIcheIe Conley, TrKk • field Bob Knee, Golf 
ColTll8ling in middllr to long-dstance For alilletes. that one day where it all 
8Y8Il1s is tough enough as it is, but comes together is the best reason 10 
COII'98ting in ~ year rounO-and willl keep competing. Most of the time. 

~ another story. Michele however. lIlat day OCQJrs when only the 
Confay showed that she could run athlete and a few teammates nolice. Bob 
competitiwfy year round by ~ifying for Knee decided to ha'll! his on !he last day 
!he Division III Nationals in bolll cross of the Division III Nalicmal Champion-
countly and Irack & field. In cross ships aI Jekyll Island, Georgia. Knee 
COUI1IIy, Conlay led the Tritons by shot his 51St eV8fslJb.70 score, a 69 
finishing 12th at Rock Island, Illinois. On with birdies on the last four holes. He did 
the Irack she set Iwo school records wilh this while competing wilh golfers from all 
times of 17:29.9 in the 5000 meter and over the country, wilh thousands of 
35:3023 in the 10.000 meter respec- speclalars watching, and with aligalors 
tively. Not a bad year for a runner who and armacillos guarding the wal8rholes. 
overcame shin splinlS to become Although Knee's 43rd place finish placed 
UCSO's premierdislance runner in 1989· him behind two teammates, he desem!s 
90. Congratulations, Michelle on a great a round of appIaustl for coming through 
year. willl his besl ever performance when the 

f~BJ"~~ 
is proud to trrvlte eacb athlete (arul a guest) to !3J...;$ dt_ at BJ'sfor .free! Cortgrats to both TrltoJlS. 
i~.,; 8873 Villa La jolla Dr. La jolla Village Center 455.0662 

Extended 
Library 
Hours 

Fri. June 8 through Fri. June 15 

12 am to 3 am 
Located in the Undergraduate Library 
South Study Room in Galbraith Hall. 

Sponsored by the Undergraduate Ubrary, 
eso Program and ASUeSD 

.. 



24 

19891990 
UCSD INTRAMURAL 
SPORTS CHAMPIONS 

DIVISION 

Men's 
Men's 
Men's 
Coed 
Coed 
Women's 

Men's 
Men's 
Men's 
Men's 
Women's 
Coed 
Coed 

Men's 
Men's 
Men's 
Women's 
Coed 
Coed 
Coed 

Men's 
Men's 
Men's 
Women's 
Women's 
Coed 
Coed 
Coed 

Coed (F) 
Coed (F) 
Coed (F) 

Coed (5) 
Coed (S) 
Coed (S) 

Coed 
Coed 
Coed 

Coed 
Coed 
Coed 

Men's 
Men's 
Men's 

Open 
Open 
Men's 
Coed 

&fgBI 
AAA FootbaU 
AA Football 
A FoolbaP 
AA Football 
A Football 
A Foolball 

AAA Basketball 
AA Basketball 
A Basketball 
5-10 Basketball 
A BaskelbaP 
AA BasketbaU 
A Basketball 

AAA Soccer 
M Soccer 
A Soccer 
A Soccer 
AAA Soccer 
AA Soccer 
A Soccer 

AAA Floor Hockey 
M Floor Hockey 
A Floor Hockey 
AA Floor Hockey 
A Floor Hockey 
AAA Floor Hockey 
AA Floor Hockey 
A Floor Hockey 

AAA Waterpolo 
M Waterpolo 
A Waterpolo 

AAA Waterpolo 
M Waterpolo 
A Waterpolo 

AAA Team TeMis 
M Team Tennis 
A Team Tennis 

CHAMPIONSHIP TEAM 

Fogcutters 
Big AI's Soldiers 
Get A Grip 
Uberaoo's Deep Threat 
U Ainl Nobody 
Get Wet and Slay T IQhl 

Pubic Enemy 
Superwhales 
No Worries 
Teriyaki Up The Ying Yang 

Pu~Gang 
Chunkey Monkey 
2 Hard Posse 

The Chiels 
Toking To VICtory 
Andy's Men & A Ball 
Easy Score 
Puss 'N Boots 
Our Guys Have No Balls 
Disco FC 

Dozen Sticks 
Badnad 
Pucknet1ers 
Consistently Unpretictably 
AdHok 
Mongrel Bitch 
Buttlid Is Back 
Sam and The Sugarpies 

Swim Fags 
Rapid Rubber 
The Looks 

Swim Fags 
Slippery When Wet 
Inner Pubes 

Sneakers 
Yellow Posse 
Asian N;es 

M 
A 

Team Badminton Too Good 4 U 

A 

AAA 
M 
A 

A 
M 

T earn Badminton 
Team Bowing 

3-011-3 Basketball 
3-011-3 Basketbal 
3-011-3 Basketbal 

Hawaiian FootbaN 
Over-ThH..ine 
One-Pilch Softball 
One-Pitch SottbaJJ 
Sand Volleyball 
Sand Volleyball 

Marx Prostilutes 
Butthead Bowlers 

Let's Just Play 
Fro Bros 
Skunks, Maggots, Et AI 

Late But Not Great 
Sandbaggers 
Andy's Got No Body 
Purple Toupee 
Lebeaooe-Olso 
Crotty-Rischar 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 7,1990 

9 1 9 9 0 

BEER CAl 
A w A R D s 

T he beginning of a new decade, the end of the 80's - it was an outstanding year around the world and at UCSD. Unfortunately, most of the major neWl' nrganizations were busy covering some of the minor league stories around the globe and they missed the year's big features here in La Jolla. Not to worry, 
the Budman has been digging all year for the really big stories and now I've put them together for my annual 
end-of-the-year retrospective. How did USA Today, NBC and UPI overlook these unforgettable moments? 
Here are some of the highlights of a very memorable year at UCSD. 

I. " .. mw ... 1 T ..... C"pt .. i"ofllt. Y._ 
How could it be anyone other than the 
dynamiC 'Mr. get your Rec Card now' 
Robert Carden. Robert is Mr. Motiva-
tion. He can inspire the weak to be 
greatest and make every ref want to 
make sure his team wins. Robert is the 
first intramural captain to use statistics 
to pin point weaknesses in opposing 
teams. Hechartseveryserveandhitin 
volleyball, every shot and mis6 in bas-
ketball. This guy will go to any lengths 
to have his team finish 4-3. 

IMChobofth.Y.ar-Thisaward was 
won going away by that big blonde 
stud Andy "Lovelace" Wagstaff. Andy 
had a couple of big doosies this year 
that earned the title outright.. 'The first 
was a big game in the' MA' semi finals 
of football. There was no time ",main-
ing in the game after • tremendous 
touchdown to put his one point down. 
Now it was time for the conversion to 
tie or win It. Itnewrhappened. Uyou 
can believe it, Andy dropped the per-
fectly snapped ball on the ground as he 
saw a guy breaking wide open. Ball 
dead, game over, the legacy started. 
'AM' basketball finals 10 seconds to 
go and his team down by two points. 
The ball goes in to Andy with plenty of 

. time to get the ball up court to tie or win 
the game. But waitl With 7 seconds to 
go Undo Wagstaff shoots the ball from 
way past half court for no apparent 
reason. A definite 'Hall Mary'. 'The ball 
doesn' t even come close to the basket 
and goes out of bounds to the other 
team. Game over, the legacy intact, 
you choker. 

MQtt AdIUrt.AwlfTdfortIuMo.tY ... ,. 
i. ln"am",.u- This award goes to the 
person whomOSlexempU/lesthequali-
ties that the infamous Matt Adams 1M 
director displayed during his tenure 
here as a student. That is 9 years as an 
undergraduate. This years award goes 
to the the Italian stalllon loverboy John 
Gjata. John has been at this university 
for 8 years now as an undergrad. That 
Immediately qualifies him for this 
award . John explains that why should 
he leave when there are so many babes 
that want his body. 

Umpi,.MostW"'ytoBri .. ga Wltlsrk 
to. Softball G_.?-That's right, our 
tall blonde basketball star Erica Scholl 
must have thought she was doing a 
basketball game when she showed up 
for work with a whistle. Noooo, Erica 
you don' t ;>eed a whistle in this game 
you need a clue. 

Slim Fut Di.t of tlu Y.", - This is an 
award that is earned not given away. 
That's right folks, you've got to con-
sume some heavy duty calories to earn 

~ award. Our award wiJUI01' this 
year, Lacrosse' s own Doug Shaddle, 
has proudly gone from a svelte 32 inch 
waisttoUinchwaistinoneyear. Here' s 
a big Hen;eybar to you Doug and don't 
eat the paper. 

M"I.Alltl'" oftJo. Y ... r-This award 
goes to the peskiest little guy on cam-
pus. Louie Matz. This guy has more 
speed than speedy Conzales. He's a 
great athlete to boot and wins ewry 1M 
title he plays in. 

F<m,,', At/l,.t. of tlu Y.ar-Name a 
sport and I'U bet our Fe~ Athlete of 
tll<> Y _ is the best gill at UCSD. Her 
name is Deei<Ja MMIhal, her game is 
1M titles won. She has won 10 titles this 
y .... aloneandlsthellaroftheWomen·. 
l.acroooe team. WNt. star. 

R.ftn.'. F""orit<- This goes to the 
one athlete that never complains, never 
says a bad word to the ref and is always 
complementary to the refs after eVl ry 
game. This award goes to Marcia 
Klaiber. Marcia is whatirs all about as 
far as sportsmanship goes. Always 
complimentary,newrcomplaina,_ 
gets kicked out of gunes and Is a plells-
ure to play against. 

Nomuur Bat •• ·AIII",,/I-This Is given 
to the guy who MemO normal till he 
steps across that magic line known as 
the playing field. At that time he Is 
magically transformed into the psy-
chotic ldIIer Norman Bates. No one is 
safe. Stay out of his way or your dead. 
Whew, ,t's Big Jon Pe.uIstein. 

T._N""" of lit. Y.ar-This award is 
hard to pick cause you people sit up all 
night thlnIdng of how you can out do 
your fellow students in making clever 
team names. But one name caught our 
fancy. It just seemed a perfect name 
that all students can relate to, Boogers 
OnALampShade.lmeanhowmany 
times late at night studying for finals 
did you pick your nose and put the big 
green one on the lunpshllde. Come on 
nowdon'tdenylt. Everyone of you has 
done Yuk, how groos!! 

Sto", 8Mb of tit< Y.",-This goes to 
UCSDfineet bMebaIl player ever, Bobby 
Natal. Bobby was 10 good he is now 
playing pro ball for the Mon~ Ex-
pos. But don't ask Bobby to catch the 
big one In the finals of football. No time 
remaining and down by a point Bobby 
was wide open for that glorious catch 
for a touchdown to win it all. But.as in 
Casey At 'The Bat, C;:~~dc out, 
Bobby dropped the Y thrown 
pass to loose the game. 
NOTE: Bobby aIoo set a record for 
fastest sprinl from the field to his car. 

T<rry Forom Awa"'- No one in 1M'. 
was in wonoe sha~ than Scotty Morita. 
He got tired ladng up his shoes to play 
floor hockey, so he quit doing It. One 
trip up the court and he w .. 1ICI'eIllning 
for a sub. He otarted bringing oxygen 
to the Reckerdome 10 he couJd make it 
to the drinldng fountain . Rumor has it 
he's going to open his own chaln of 
gymo to he,p others get into the kind of 
peak ph)'lical condition that has led 
him to this award. 'The gymo will fH-
turecouches, remote contro1sand TV's. 
'The plan will include holistic fat 10M 
and feature a diet of ChIps, cold Bud 
and an occasional ro/led taco. 

Aw""'forllt.Officia' WIIo R.dlly Got 
i .. to Hi. Job-Most of the officials that 
the 1M staff puts out on the field enjoy 
whatthey do. Some refs, though, really 
go that extra step to distinguish them-
selvesas innovative hard working stu-
dents of the game. Chris McGaugh 
took it upon himself to revolutionize 
waterpolo reffing mechanics by work-
ing from in the pool. Actually, he 
stumbled upon this technique,literaUy 
(with a little help fro.m an irale ('<'rtici-
pant) . He soon found that no-one could 
hear his whistle from the bottom of the 
pool and decided that he would return 
to the pool ded: for the rest of his ca-
reer. 

Bat Imit .. tion ofMi'" Tyson Alii ...... 
This goes to Brett 'Sugar Ray' Leonard. 
Brett's record this year Is 14-1-1. No-
body around is safe when Brett gets the 
gloves on, not even his best fraternity 
friends. He Is 8-{) in inter-fraternity 
flghtsand4-lagainsttheGDI ' • . (I,ug-
gest Brett OIay away from BUly Ray 
Smith. II was his only 1056) His key to 
getting up for fights Isa hefty portion of 
alcohol and maklpg beliew someone is 
after his girlfriend which in reality he 
has none. 

lint F",!mII", of tit< Y."r-What a 
surprise! Yawn. The MIghty Phi [)eta 
Theta's ofcourse. By the way, Ire there 
any other fraternities on campus? 

H"dlon Elliot Ho .. o,ary AWd,d-
Many legendary drinkers on campus 
put up great statistics In punull of this 
honor, but for volume and consistency 
this year the winner is Patricia Dudcer. 
Don't s it down with this gal and think 
you can put her under the table, 'cause 
she can slug 'em back with the best. 

B .. t U .. ifo"". -Who would have 
thought It waa possible for one squad 
to reign for three years in this category. 
Well, they actually took bad taste, not 
to mention faahlon, to a new low this 
year. intheirsemi-finalbasketbaUgame 
they augmented their usual attire with 
larger-than-Ilfe appendages, capes and 
masks. 'The entire gym was in stitches, 
and they aImo6t pulled off t':>e victory. 
'The SWIM FAGS, soon to be on the 
cover of 'GQ' no doubt. 

Qwlck .. t 11r_" i .. tlu W .. t-This gal 
doesn'ttalteanythingfromanyone,jlllll 
like the 1M Staff taught her. A number 
of polo players found out, the hard 
way. Look at her the wrong way, and 
you might haw the net DI the night off. 
Amy Halley really is a terrific /acfy. JIIIII 
don' t plao her off while she is wearing 
the white shirt and whistle, beca .... she 
always gets the last word. 

Lat. toH.,aw.. F .. IWrIIlAw ...... ThIa 
award annually goes totheumpirewho 
pUes up the moot hours DIlate tUne. 
MicheUe Oiguillo Is this years recipient 
having t>e.n late to IOftball games a 
record 80'" of the time. 'The wiMer 0( 
lhis award usually gets the nod in the 
'Most Creatiw Excuses' category also 
and MicheUe did not disappoint. She 
used all the standards and some that 
we", elegant in their simplicity, "I was 
on the phone," 

t AT. l)~ 
arts ,entertainment 

. JUNE 7, 1990 
.,he 'Ethereally Beauliful' Calerwaul 

By STEVE CORNACCHtA 
Contributing Writer 

Cdlll a 1 ..... 1. To cry or screech like &Cat In 
heat. 2. To mak,a any dlseot:ttant sound or shriek. 
3. To hIWIa-noJsy argument. (FromlOWGennan 
katerwauIen : kater, tomcat +waukm, to ecreech.) 
Caterwaul's name may not do justice to their crea-

tive style of music, but it's not far off the mark in 
describing lead singer Betsy Martin's unusual vocal 
approach. However unconventional their music may 
be, the I.R,S. record label seems convinced of the 
band's potential, describing 'them as "abstract, p0-
etic... ethereally beautiful." With their recently re-
leased LP Portent Hue receiving widespread acclaim, 
things seem to only be looking up for this Phoenix-
based band. 

Behind Caterwaul's creative output are Betsy Martin 
(singer and mandolin player), whose lyrical approach 
has given the band a distinctive 'sound,' Mark Schafer 
(guitarist), Kevin Pinnt (drummer), and Fred Cross 
(bassist). Cross, however, has just recently left the 
band. "Things were not working out with [him),· Martin 

cited. 
Recently back from a tour in Britain, Martin took a 

break from her work in New York ("We were having a 
Sing-along in the I.R.S. office") to reflect on her band 's 
success over the past four years and their third album, 
Portent Hue. 

Caterwaul's beginnings were not without troubles. 
In 1986 Martin and her long, introspective lyrics did not 
find strong support in conservative Phoenix. With their 
music banned from the city's only alternative music 
station, the band adm itted that they were probably the 
most hated Phoenix band in rock 'n' roll history. 

"When we started, the bands that were playing out 
there that were doing really well were modern dance 
bands, stuff that was currently popular. So it was diffi-
cult for them to get into .us,· Martin stated. 

A year later, they released an independent LP, The 
Nature of Things, and moved to Los Angeles. "L.A. is 
fun, there are so many places to see bands and clubs 
to go to, but after a while you can get sick of it,' Martin 
professed. 

Late in 1987 the band 
got a powerful boost when 
they were signed on by Miles 
Copeland at I.R,S. 

" It was cool" Martin said. 
The independent album did 
well so they heard us play 
and that was pretty much 
it, • 

Martin believes that 
Caterwaul 's continuing suc-
cess can be attributed to 
the non-intervention policy 
I.R.S. has had with them: 
"They pretty much let us do 
what we want. _ .butthey want 
to hear the finished prod-
uct .• 

Because they haven't 
been forced to refine their 
sound for maximum com-
mercial impact, Caterwaul 's 
music has stayed unconven-
tional. This qua!ity appeals 
to the public, 

Caterwaul's sound, de-
scribed by critics as an " un-
settling mix of hypnotic vo-
cals andwall-<lf-sound instru-
mentation,· does not appeal 
to everyone. 

"The West Coast is more 
responsive to our music," 
Martin said. "Once you get 
out to Texas and the South-
west we're not that appeal-
ing_" 

Caterwaul is: (I to r) Mark Schafer, Fred Cross, Kevin Pinnt, and Betsy Martin. 

Martin's voice has been 
a catalystforthe band's rise 
on the alternative music 
scene. Wailing, whining, yo-
delling, and screeching have 

I" "ll,' ti, , w. ,(,k ' I" , 

all been terms used to describe her singing style - a 
style that fills CaterwaUl'S songs with realistically dark 
human emotion. Martin's vocals have been compared 
to those of the Cocteau Twins and Siouxsie Sioux. 
Martin doesn't let these comparisons bother her. 

"That happens a lot. They compare me to different 

'When we started, the bands 
that were playing out there that 
were doing really well were 
modern dance bands ... So it 
was difficult for [people] to get 
into us.' 

- Betsy Martin 
female vocalists ... It's the whole female thing. You 
have to accept it because it happens, " Martin ex-
plained. 

Diversity and spontaneity are the secrets behind 
Caterwaul 's writing. Each band member has a say in 
the writing process. The fact that each member has a 
different musical preference (the only band all four can 
agree on is Aerosmith) adds to their unusual sound. 

"Some people hate what the ot,her one likes. It 
keeps us varied I guess," Martin said_ Caterwaul relies 
on a raw untouched feel to their music, shying away 
from recording touch-ups and thought-<lut melody 
structures. "Everybody does their own part. We just jam 
and I plug in lyrics where I feel like it, It's very emotional 
and honest_" 

In Portent Hue, Caterwaul continues their unique 
combination of Martin's melancholic wailings and 
Schafer's hard-<lriving distorted guitarwork, interspersed 
with screeching feedback. Pinnt and Cross supply a 
steady background groove to support Martin 's melodic 
movement. The 14 songs that make up Portent Hue 
range from slow introspective pieces to bright playful 
works. 

"Hopefully all our albums are different. On Portent 
Hue we definitely have a different approach, ' Martin 
said. "I think you can tell it's different. " 

In "Aphrodisiac Alex," the band was inspired by a 
late night viewing of "A Clockwork Orange." 

"It has something of a social statement in it," Martin 
explained: "In my mind it was the thing to dol But now 
oh I'm so remorseful/I was so bad, now/Pardon me, 
and let me back into society." 

In contrast, "Big Ox Laughing" is a personal intro-
spective piece about coming to grips with a god and 
accepting one's destiny: "The Portent Hue delivers/ 
messages of certain color/I see into his eyes noVI 
understand the meaning, " Martin does not rely on one 
universal theme in Portent Hue - rather she sings 
about her views on society, life, and love. 

Caterwaul is an alternative band. Their music either 
appeals to people or lTJystifies them, Although gaining 
popularity on college radio and alternative radio sta-
tions, the chances of their music appealing to mass 
audiences is questionable. You're not going to see 
their videos on MTVor VHl soon. But then again, didn't 
people say that about R.E.M.? 

Albums: Film: 
Hiatus reviews lightning Seeds, Schwarzenegger's ''Total 
Cramps, Suzanne Vega. H4 Recall" starts off summer. H3 



. ..... ' 

. .., . 

More Gaming Etiquette 
Rule 16: No Prooouns. This is one of the most difficult 

rules. By excluding pronouns from a game, players will get 
confused when they try to identify each other. This leads them 
to point, and so they violate Rule #1 (no pointing), and so they 
drink. 

Rule '7: Firat In&action. If a player makes a mistake and 
the game continues for a while before players realize the infrac-
tion, any blunders subsequent to the original are forgiven. 

Rule 18: Discrete DiJit. During the course of a game, a 
player can discretely hang his forefinger off the edge of the table. 
Players who see this do the same as they continue to play the 
game. The last player to hang his digit drinks. 

Rule 19: Golden Chair. Before a player leaves the game to 
go to the bathroom for a visit with Captain leaKy or for a casual 
reverse drink; he must say "golden chair" to gain immunity from 
being caned while absent. This rule is a must in verbal tag games 
in which players "away on business" often get called mistakenly. 

Party Safe'- Don't Drink and Drive 
n. au.aMn don not CXIrIIIoM tile COIIIIIIftPIIon or IIcoIIoI by minora. 

Reprinted with pennission from The c:.oo.,krc Book Ii Beer Prinking 
~ by Rand. Or~om. and johMan. C l~. Available at booknores or 
from Mustang Publishing, PO BClle 9327, New Haven, cr 06533 ($5.95 plus 
$1.50 postage). 

Mira M ... 7: ........ W •• , Ih_ten 
566-1917 

Another A8 Hours 
Bird On A Wire Pretty Woman 
Back to the Future III Total Recall 

Unlvenlty TOWile c..1re 6 
452-7766 

Another 48 Hours Total Recall 
Bird On A Wire 

Back To The Future III 

La ..loll. Vii.... Th .... " 
453-7831 

Longtime Companion For All Mankind 
Cadillac Man Pretty Woman 

K .. c..... 283-5909 
June 8-9: Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer; 

June 10-14: Time of the Gypsies 
Ivery .................. .... 
a.1cy H..,... PIc ..... .... 

SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE 
BACKPACKS 

WA 65 REG. $119.99 NOW 79.19 
WA 63 REG. 129.99 NOW 89.99 
WA 68 REG. 139.99 NOW 99.19 

INTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 
DUPONT CORDURA. LIFETIME WARRANTY 

"FAMOUS TRAILS" - "MEl" - "EAGLE CREEt(" 
"EASTPAK" ALL AT LOW DISCOUNT PRICES 

, ............ 'O' ............................ .. 

I Ovtr 2000 trl.el_ & maps. !uO' '. 
• GIO'. PICI<S. COliS. money 1Otfts. pm. , ' 
: port ~. '*" J)IIows. voQge .. 
• OOIMIIO<S - ancl mudI. n..c:II morll r j. 
' ........... .... ...... _- --_ .... _, 

. , 

1r11e Local S \~JJlITl " 
IY JENNIFER Y AHC£Y 
Associate A&E Editor 

Helicopter is one of the most talented and 
original bands in San Diego today. Combining 
influences ranging from Metallica to Fugazi to 
jazz, Helicopter blends these various sounds into 
a powerful fusion. Lead singer and guitarist Jim 
Stanleybeltsoutthe lyrics in a unique way - he 
can't really be compared to any other singer 

Although their influences are clearly apparent 
when listening to the music, their sound is an 
unique one. These are three extremely talented 
musicians, and it would be difficult to distinguish 
which aspect of the band is the most outstanding. 
Vemetti and Hepler provide a solid foundation 
from which Stanley can expound. 

This symbiotic relationship comes through in 
the songwriting. Hepler explained the process: 

around today. Bassist 
John Vernetti de-
scribes the original 
quality of Stanley's 
vocals: "Nobody can 

Helicopter 
"The way (a song) 
evolves is someone will 
come up with a part, 
like John with a bass 

scream like Jim." 
The trio formed two years ago, and has since 

achieved remarkable success in the San Diego 
area. Their first single was recently released on 
Downside Records, and the 1000 copies that 
were pressed sold immediately. Drummer Dave 
Hepler explained the original goals of the band, 
and how those goals have progressed over time. 

"We started out totally underground, and we 
didn't care if anyone heard us," Hepler stated. 
''Now we've kinda gone the other way. It's frus-
trating to work on a song for three months, and 
never have anyone hear it. We're at a point 
where we'd like people to hear our music a little 
more." 

Vernetti added, "When we first started out, 
we were thinking big time, but after a while you 
start getting into the music so much that you just 
want to play for people." 

part, and then we'll 
change that into something that works all the way 
around. Then we have this parts library, where we 
put those parts." 

Vernetti interrupted, "We shelve them. Dave 
works in the library, and he likes to shelve things." 

Hepler continued, "Then, we put together five 
or six parts." 

Helicopter's 7" single can be found at Assorted 
Vinyl and local records stores. They will also be 
playing upcoming shows around the area, so keep 
your eyes open. 

Oa !be Local Sc:eoe it ",,,10 COIIlinue nelIt year, '" you 
can Id1IIe11d III your ttufl If you have a band who would 
Ilke to be covered, pIeaR send a demo tape, biography, 
photo, aad a name/number ci a band rqm:eentativc: to: 

UCSD OllGfdiDnlHlA TUS 
8-016 

La Jolla, CA 92093 
&m: On the Local Scene 

Helicopter band members: (I to r) John Vernetti, Dave Hepler and Jim Stanley. 

NOTE TO STUDENTS ENROLLED IN 
LOWER DIVISION LITERATURE/ 

LANGUAGE COURSES: 
The Academic Senate has recently approved an increase in units and 
class time for the following courses as indicated: 

Lit/Fr 2A and 28, Lit/Ger 2A and 28, now 5 units each 
Tuesday, 4th lecture hour added 

Lit/It 2A now 5 units 
Wednesday 4th lecture hour added 

Lit/Ru lA, 18, 1C, and 2A, 28, 2C now 5 units each 

Lit/Sp 2A and 28, now 5 units each 
Thyrsday 4th lecture hour added 

Please refer to the Schedule of Classes Update or contact the Literature 
Department undergraduate office for specific scheduling information. 

ITotal Kecalll -
Save it for Total Rental 
Bv GREGOIIY WAYPA 
Contributing Writer 

Hey guys and gals, it's summer 
time. And with that fact comes 
the attempts of the movie compa-
nies to pull you in from the sun, 
sand and surf to their "air condi-
tioned" theaters to spend money 
that would otherwise go towards 
tanningoilorSex Wax. It's a yearly 
game that u ually ends with the 
suo taking the victory lap. 

The only hope for movie com-
panies is to break even with the 
suo's performance. Last year film-
makers broke even; broke even 
with a vengeance, setting box of-
fice records. The likes of "Indiana 
JonesandtheLastCrusade, .... Dead 
Poets' Society," and the top gross-
ing picture of all time, "Batman," 
let the filmmakers really enjoy their 
time in the sun. 

This summerthey're hoping for 
a repeat. One of the early summer 
releases hit the silver screen last 
Friday . It's the latest offering from 
T ri Star Pictures, it's called "Total 
Recall," and it stars Arnold Sch-
wanenegger. 

The one-time star of "Hercu-
les," whose Austrian accent was so 
thick that another voice had to be 

• 

dubbed in for his, has been a major 
box office draw since "Conan the 
Barbarian." And now, filmmakers 
are once again betting that the 
name Schwarzenegger will bring 
the paying public in to see his 
latest adventurous outing. The 
filmmmakers better hope that 
Schwarzeneger's charisma will 
have its regular draw, because the 
movie's story plot just isn't going 
to cut it on this one. 

In "Total Recall," Sch-
warzenegger stars as Doug Quaid, a 
happily married man whose con-
struction worker job allows us a 
chance to see his bulging biceps as 
he operates a jack-hammer. He 
has a lovely and devoted wife, 
played by Sharon Stone, and all is 
happy, all is bliss. Quaid's life would 
be almost perfect, if it weren't for 
his recurring nightmares of Mars 
and a mysterious woman. 

Quaid then decides to take a 
"trip" to the planet in his dreams, 
by taking advantage of Rekall, 
Inc., a unique travel service that 
implants adventures into the minds 
of its customers. But while im-
planting an adventure on Mars 
into Quaid's mind, RekaU Inc. taps 
into memories that someone has 
gone to the trouble to erase from 

NdrcCw,J) 
in the La Jolla Marriott announces 

• 

Saturday, June 1 
Doors open at 8 p.m., 

. '1 2 , .. o party tl a.m .. 

his memory. 
Unknown to Quaid, he has been 

under surveillance, and the orders 
are out to have him killed for fear 
of what he may have discovered at 
Rekallinc. On the run and unable 
to trust anyone, Quaid is told by a 
video image of himself that every-
thing - his life on Earth, his mar-
riage, his work and his friends- is 
all part of a fictitious dream placed 
into his mind by 'The Company." 
He finds out that he worked for 
The Company on Mars, and that 
he musttravd back there, to where 
it all started, to find out who he 
really is and why his memory was 
taken from him. 

From this point on, the audi-
ence is pulled into 
Schwarzenegger's world to won-
der what exactly is reality, and 
what is dream. 

I must admit, the movie's story 
is quite creative. That is one rea-
son why Schwarzenegger is such a 
big draw - he picks intelligent ac-
tion movies. This was not your 
typical shoot, blood, maim, kill, 
destroy adventure picture. It has 
an almost believable story line. 
And although our science isn't up 
to the standards presented in the 
movie, I can't discredit the fact 
that a future such as this is pos-
sible. 

Moving away from the plot: the 
acting was par for the course, and. 
the special effects and make-up 
were quite impressive. AU in all, 
the productionwas fine, but it 
lacked something. 

Paul Verhoeven, the director 

of this film and others, including 
the 1987 sleeper "Robocop," was a 
little off base on this movie. He 
left too many loose ends that 
weren't tied up by the time the 
credits ran. Some parts of the story 
didn't mesh well with what the 
characters were doing, which left 
the audience confused as to where 
the story line was going. Another 
notable flaw was the ending, which 
could have been better. 

The movie's biggest problem 
stemmed from the trust that 
Schwarzenegger's character placed 
in everybody. For a guy who doesn't 

exactly know who he is and who 
his friends are, he places a little too 
much trust in what people tell 
him. He takes it for granted that 
everyone is truthful. It was a little 
unbelievable. Too much "JuliUS" 
from "Twins" and not enough 
"Dutch" from "Predator." 

The story idea for this movie 
makes it worth seeing. Still, if it 
weren't for Schwarzenegger (and 
the. fact that some scenes in this 
movie need to be viewed on a big 
screen), I would almost suggest 
waiting lIntil some cold winter 
night and renting the video. 

Schwarzenegger wields hif; mask for safety while on Mars. 

• ASSORTED 
P'TO 75%·OFFI IT'S THE 

I 
,NYl 
·SAlE! 

BEFORE THEY'RE GONEI 

eov .. cia.,.. Is "'00 ...... ,.. UCSD I.D ........ $2.00 0fPI 
TOfT~'S 

A SAN DIEGO NIGHTCLUB 
LOCATED IN THE LA JOLLA MARRIOrr 

4240 LA JOUA VILLAGE DR. 
LA JOLLA. CA 92037 

CALL (619)587-1414 EXT. 6220 



, 

I . -

Blue Aeroplanes ••• the Next 
R.E.M.? 

BV JASON D ULOE 
Contributing Writer 

On July 17, the Blue Aeroplanes will 
open for The Church at San Diego State's 
Montezuma Hall, a part of their American 
tour. Lead singer Gerard Langley told Hia-
tus in a recent interview that their support 
was enlisted to preserve The C hurch's "al-
ternative appeal," an appeal which has re-
cently been waning. But despite all motives 
of questionable virtue, the choice to utilize 
the artistic innovat ion of the Blue Aero-
planes was wise. 

Langley's band actually began in 1982 as 
a solo act. He recited his poetry in local es-
tablishments, with the aid ofa guitar player 
and male dancer for additional illustrative 
purposes. Since these rudimentary perform-
ances in Bristol, England, the band's meta-
morphosis has included a rather high turn-
over of members. No less than 20 musicians 
have passed through the Aeroplane'S tran-
sitory ranks. Acknowledging the current 
roster, Langley commented, "This lineup 
wasn't necessarily intended to last a long 
time, but it became a proper band very 
quickly. In the previous lineups, everyone 
was always a bit undecided about whether 
they wanted to have a proper job. This 
lineup IS the first one that really functions as 
a band, because everyone wants to do the 
work and because everyone seems to be in 
the same place musicially." 

This high degree of cohesiveness among 
band members is a partial reason for the 
salient success of Swagger, the band's latest 
prod uct. Langley also acknowledges the sub-
stantial budget they had to utilize with their 
new label , Ensign, as opposed to the paltry 
allowances allotted on prior albums. Fur-
thermore, the singer added, "We had toured 
for a year-and-a-halfbefore making the rec-
ord. [It was] the first time we had numbers 
that we had tested, formed, via playing 
live." 

Swagger is atypical for a Blue Aeroplanes 

album in that it does not have the quirks 
that had attracted attention and accusa-
tions on previous albums. The incorpora-
tion of bagpipes and dulcimers, for example, 
with Langley's spoken poetry was seen as 
contrived eclecticism. The singer believes 
tha t the band's history of consisten t mus ical 
style stands in their defense. He claims that 
they have always simply done whatever 
they believed would serve to enhance the 
song, regardless of convention. 

Langley's innovation does not go unno-
ticed, however. Michael Stipe, in what 
appears to be a righteous mission to appear 
on the albums of worthy bands (including 
the Indigo Girls, 10,000 Maniacs, and Syd 
Straw) has not overlooked the Blue Aero-
planes. In addition to providingcameo vocals 
on the new album, Stipe chose the Aero-
planes as the opening band for R.E.M.'s 
well-received 1989 British tour. 

On the other hand, Langley and his band 
believe that the Stipe seal of approval was 
not essential to their success. The singer 
even refers to the influence as being recip-
rocal. When asked to comment on whether 
he and his band have what it would take to 
actually transcend to a level above the 
Athens band, Langley responded with a 
complacent "yes." 

The Blue Aeroplanes fiy in on July 17. 

• albums 
Lest you think this to be an-

omer sappy love-song album, you 
need only to listen to the magic 
that emanates from Broudie's syn-
thesizers, treating his issues in a 
tantalizingly complementary fash-
ion. 

Days of Open Hand 
A&MRecords 

Wize Words from Pato Baton 
Bv M ICHAel ScHWARlZ 
Staff Writer 

Today is a very great day, because the sun 
has risen again and everything is possible . 

- Pam Banton 

on events from Mandela to sanity in a 
crazy world. "I think the most important 
message is for people to live right, be-
cause that covers everything el e." Ban-
ton deeply believes music can shape the 
way people think and act. Listing his 
favorite musicians as Ziggy Marley, Tracy 

Reggae is not a musical form that Chapman, and Quincy Jones, Banton 
breeds superstars. With the exception of said, "I like music that you can get posi-
the Marleys, most reggae artists remain tive vibes from . Music shapes people. 
together in a pack, anonymous to the Michael Jackson wears tight pants and a 
general public, acting .-_..-..... ___ ____ ..... , lot of chains, and the 
as a collective creative next week a 10t of kids 
unit. Currently break- are doing it. If you go 
ing away from this on a record and say 'go 
group and reaching for kill somebody,' a lot of 
the top is Pato Banton, people are going to get 
one of reggae's most re- killed." 
spected rising sons. When asked about 

Born to impover- his impressions of 
ished Jamaican immi- American Top 40, 
grants,Bantongrewup Banton replied, 
in Birmingham, Eng- "There's a lot of sex 
land. By the mid- going on. There's a lot 
1980's, Banton had put of violence and other 
together his own band, crazysruffgoingon. Sell 
and in 1988 released all your morals and get 
his debut album,NeveT big. I'd rather keep my 
Gille In, which was fol- morals and take my 
lowed in 1989 by Visions of the World. Not 
one to sit around, Ba!"\wn "a~ just re-
leased his newest work, WIZE up! (No 
Compromize).In keeping with his con-
stant touring tradition, Banton will be 
appearing with his band, Reggae Revolu-
tion, at La Paloma in Encinitas on June 
22, and the SOMA on June 23. 

I n a recen t phone interview from Lon-
don, Banton described his music as: "I 
guess it's progressive conscious reggae 
music. I can't say it's like anything else. 
It's just the way it is," he laughed. "It's 
justa feeling.We haven't tried to tailor it 
to anything." 

The feeling that Banton gives is one 
of deep social consciousness, reflecting 

time." 
"I didn 't have to give up my morals for 

WIZE UP!" Bantqn continued. "All I 
had to do was put a lot of energy into it. 
It's political, it's social, and it's religious. 
I dedicate it to every human being that's 
got any responsibility at all. Musically, 
it'sadance album. Lyrically, the message 
I have is still there." 

While Banton does have doubts as to 
whether he can cross over to the main-
stream audience as much rap has been 
able to, he is certainly going to try. His 
closing thought, spoken in a thick Ja-
maica,n and British accent, was simply, 
"Tell all my fans to keep up the faith, and 
never to give in, mon !" 

mutter/Hiss, stutter/Moan the 
words like water ... " Test the wa-
ters a bit. It's deep, and makes for 
one hell of a swim - you'll find 
yourself just drifring along with 
the swells of thought and sound-
but man, do you feel good after-
wards. 

surf punk, have done it again with 
a fabulous new release, Stay Sick! 

The band, which formed in 
1977, has always been at the fore-
front of punk. The Cramps have 
sold out nearly every show since 
1980. 

I t's a journey into a distant 
dimension of emotions, where you 
feel something but you're not quite 
sure what; where you hear her 
words but you're not quite sure 
what she's saying. 

The Lightning Seeds 
Cloudcuc.kooland 
MCA 

In addition to themes of rela-
tionships, he also covers social 
issues like the downtrodden in 
"Bound in a Nutshell" and "The 
Nearly Man." 

The songs on the album were 
written by Broudie with the no-
tion that they would never be re-
leased, but Broudie, who has pro-
duced albums for Icicle Works, 
The Three O'Clock, and Echo and 
the Bunnymen, eventually had a 
changed of heart. 

A typical reaction toaSuzanne 
Vega song - or any song that 
doesn't explicitly state its main 
idea five times per chorus - runs 
sometning to the extent of, "Wow, 
that's deep." 

Someday, though, you may find 
yourself in a situation similar in 
spirit to those she describes -

th~n understand ing will wash over 
you and, atlast, bring you to shore. 
"Between the pen and the paper-
work/I'm sure there's passion in 
the language/Between the muscle 
and the brainwork/I know there's 
feeling in the pipeline." 

Stay Sick! takes their music one 
step further by modernizing their 
sound. The new batch of songs are 
smoother and emphasize the play-
ful side of The Cramps. The other 
noticable difference is Candy Del 
MQr's more dominant bass style, 
which spices up The Cramp's 
sound.The Cramps haven't dete-
riorated, but instead they have mu-
sically matured. Vocalist Lux In-
terior continues to serenade with 
his off-key and often humorous 
voice. Guitarist Poison Ivy has 
improved the most through 
stronger and tighter riffs . 

It's quite rare for an album to 
cause a person, after hearing only 
one cut, to run out to the nearest 
record store and buy It. ClouOCuck-
ooland, the debut album by The 
Lightning Seeds, IS one such al-
bum. 

The first smgle, "Pure," which 
is only starting to get airplay on 
commercial San Diego radio sta-
tions, is merely a taste of the band's 
animated sound . 

With a bouncy rhythm pranc-
ing in the background, image-filled 
lyrics pour out of soul performer 
Ian Broudie's lips: "Dream of sights, 
of sleigh rides in seasons/Where 
feelings not reasons, can make you 
decide/As leaves pourdown,splash 
autumn on gardens/As colder 
nights harden, their moonlit de-
lights/And I love you." 

However, the sound of The 
Lightning Seeds is not experimen-
ta I. The cuts on their release are 
consistent, yet diverse. 

From the slow, rhythmic pulse 
of "Bound in a Nutshell" to the 
'60s-influenced "The Price" to the 
dance beat of "Love Explosion," 
the songs constantly boast of 
Broudie's talent. 

PutqUltesimply, with Broudie's 
lascivious voice, picturesque lyr-
ics, and Scintillating keyboard 
wizadry, CIow.!cuckooland is pure 
heaven. Don't hesitate to add this 
new album to your collection. 

- J uHe Puzon 

Vega's new album , Days of Open 
Hand , could appropriately be called 
A Dille into the {Wow, That's1 Deep 
End. Don't listen to it expecting to 
understand it immediately. Sub-
merge yourself in it - go for the 
full Vegatative experience. Draw 
the curtains, dim the lights, curi 
up in bed with the blankets pulled 
over your head, and tune in, turn 
on to Suzanne Vega. 

But wait, don't drop off into 
sleep! It's tempting, listening to 
Vega's rather toneless voice and 
light instrumentation, to d.-ift off 
into dreamland ... and yes, she's 
singing about dreams and stuff, but 
in her words, "It's just that there's 
so much to do/And I'm tired of 
sleeping." 

Wake up, world . Splash a little 
water on that sagging face. "Gurgle, 

Yeah, dude. Go for it. 
- Helena 

Stay Sick' 
Enigma Records 

Punk is dead, isn't it? Not any-
more. The Cramps, godfathers of 

Unlike past albums, all of the 
tunes are good, and it's impossible 
to say that a worst song exists. The 
Cramps don't break any musical 
boundaries, but instead they cre-
ate the ultimate beach album. 

Even more entertaining are 
Interior's blatently sexual lyrics, 
which pick at everything from 
fetishes to bikinis. 

Unltke most punk bands, The 
Cramps have survived the test of 
time, and Stay Sick! proves their 
durability. Since summer is around 
the corner, the best advice is to get 
a copy of Stay Sick! and party hard 
at the beach with The Cramps. 

- Joshua Odinu 

The UCSD 
University of California 

at San Diego 

• 

John OurantJ Guardian 
A San Diego City Council ban on alcohol at La Jolla Shores Beach is expected to go into effect Aug. 2. 

Alcohol Is Banned at the Beach 
• City Council OKs Six-Month Trial Ban of Alcohol at 
La Jolla Shores Beach and Adjoining Kellogg Park 
By RANDY DonNGA, CONTJtlWTING ED/TOIl 

Beachgoers who mix waves and wine will no longer 
be welcome at La Jolla Shores, a the San Diego City 
Council recently approved a six -month rrial alcohol ban 
at the local recreation area and the adjoining Kellogg 
Park. 

The council approved the ban by a 7-1 vote on June 
18, with the di senting vote cast by Councilman Ron 
Roberts. 

Mayor Maureen O'Connor, a vocal opponent of the 
ban, wa not at the meering. 

The alcohol ban, which will outlaw alcohol con-
sumption at North Park Community Park in additiol1to 
La Jolla Shores and Kellogg Park, will likely go into 
effect on Aug. 2. 

However, groups of over 75 people may serve alco-

hoi at the affected sites if they obtain required permits. 
Currently, alcohol is not allowed on ciry beaches 

after 10 p.m., except at Ocean Beach, which allows 
alcohol consumption until midnight. 

The council must still formally approve the ban at a 
required second hearing onJuly 2, but it is expected that 
the vote count will not change, and the ordinance will 
become law. 

"One person could change their mind, but there's 
still enough votes to have it pass," said Lisa Gonzales, 
a representative of Councilwoman Abbe Wolfsheimer's 
office. 

In conjunction with the ban, the city council re-
quested that police beef up their enforcement of alco-
hol-related laws at Pacific Beach and Mission Beach. 

SEE BAN, PAGE 3 

July 1990 
Special Summer Issue 

Price Center 
Store Robbed 
At Gunpoint 
• Police Say Armed Robbery 
of Sunshine Store a 'First' 
By K£NT KORZON, CONI1IMUTING EDfTO/I 

The Sunshine Store, located in the Price Center. was 
robbed at gunpoint just after 10 p.m. on Friday. June 15, 
campu police said. The robber, who escaped on foot with 
over $1.700. was still at large as of press time. 

According to Detective Sergeant Robert Jones. UCSD 
staffer Douglas Berry wa confronted by a man armed with 
a pistol after Berry escorted the last customers out of the 
tore and locked the door . 

The man wa described a an Asian in his early 20s. 
approximately 5'8·' and 150 Ibs. 

The u pect wore a dark pullover sweater and dark pants. 
as well as two bandanas which covered most of his face and 
head. Jones said. The man told Berry to empty the register 
and safe, which he did. 

The robber was out of the view of the sole video camera 
in the store during the hold-up. and he smashed it from 
behind with his gun before he left. Jones said. 

Police believe that the robber hid in the store, probably 
in the storeroom, until the store closed. 

The suspect fled on foot, and was last seen "running up 
the step of the Price Center toward the Student Health 
building," Jones said. 

Berry, who declined to comment on the incident, was 
unhurt. 

Jones noted that a final exam in the Price Center theater 
ended shortly before the robbery, and he urged any students 
who may have infonnation to call campus police. 

He added that"this was the first armed robbery atUCSD, 
though the [U.S.E.] Credit Union was held up by a man with 
a imulated weapon nine month ago."' 

Police are reviewing still photos produced from the 
videotape laken by the videocamera, on the chance that the 
robber was photographed a he entered the store. 

According to Sun hine Store manager Bonnie Harnlon, 
several new security measures are being contemplated to 
"make us less inviting in the future." 

These measures include having more than one employee 
work until closing and installing more videocameras. 

Scripps Starts Construction of $9 Million Aquarium and Museum 
• Work Raises the Ire of Residents Fearing Noise Problems· 
By RANDY DonNGA will be built at a cost of approxi- marine radio station, which has 
CONTJtIlUTlHG EDlTOII mately $2 million, to be funded by been moved to Point Lorna. 

Construction began June 25 on the university. 
an access road to a new $9 million When finished, the new Stephen 
aquarium-museum at Scripps In- Birch Aq uari um-Museum will 
stitute of Oceanography. The road include 36 display aquariums, a 
work has raised the ire of nearby man-made tidepool, a bookstore, 
residents and students, who fear an education center, and scenic 
the construction may cau e noise overlooks. 
and traffic plOblems. The 34,OOO-square-foot aquar-

The road will li nk North Torrey ium-museum will be located on 
Pines Road with the aquarium- the west side of a knoll that over-
museum, which is expected to open looks the ocean 500 fee t east of La 
in the spring of 1992. The road and Jolla Shores Drive. The site was 
an adjacent 250-car parking lot formerly occupied by UCSD's 

Scripps ' curren t aquarium-
museum, which receive over 
350,000 visitors a year, was built 
in 1950. The new facility expects 
an annual attendance of 400,000 to 
500,000 people. 

Tom Collins, associate director 
of Scripps, aid the new facility is 
nece ary because the present 
aquarium-mu eum is "inadequate 
for the volume of guest we have" 
and becau e sa lt warer has 

SEE AQUARIUM, PAC!: 9 

INSIDE ••• 
UCSDClips ......................... 2 

The Summer 
is Sizzling! 

Opinion ... .. ........................... 4 
Entertainment ....... .............. . 6 
Features ............ ................. 10 
Classifieds ........... ........ ...... II 

For Movie Fans It Is Hot, 
Hot, Hot! A Look at Some 
of the Summer' Bigge t 
Cinema Hits/6 

Photograph of deSign model for the Stephen Birch Aquarium·Museum . 

Down 
to Earth 
Fonner Astronaut Sally 
Ride Faces Challenges on 
the Ground as a Phy ics 
Profe sor at UCSD/IO 



2 NEWS 

'\1 \\s h HIm I· 

UCSD Chancellor 
Freezes Spending 

On June IS, Chancellor Richard Atkinson issued a 
memorandum ordering a freeze on spending at UCS D. 
Most UCSD employee ,both staff and students. will be 
affected by the expenditure freeze, which is in effect 
until further notice. 

In a lener to key administrators and support staff, 
Atkinson stated that the freeze affects funding fro m 
regisrration and educational fees, from the state, and 
from other sources. 

The freeze applies to all expendi tures, including 
supplies, equipment, travel , overtime, per onal erv-
ices, contracts, and hiring for vacant positions. 

Accordi ng to Atkinson, c urrent uncertainties re-
garding the state budget and the probabiliry of budget 
reductions prompted the implementation of this meas-
ure. 

Onl y exceptions of an essential or emergency natu re 
can be made. 'These require the approval of the appro-
priate vice chancellor, the director of the UCSD Medi-
cal Center, or the director of Infonnation Systems. 

Some exceptions have already been approved. One 
of the first was an authorization of overtime pay for 
Accounting office employees. 

"We're on fiscal-year-C\osing," said one Account-
ing office staffer. "Things are really crazy around here. 
Some of us are working over 50 hours a week." 

-Kent Kor:on , COlllribwing EdiTor 

UC Regents Discuss 
Financial Problems 
During Meeting at UCSD 

The UC Regents heard a repon about the University 
of California 's financial situation during its June 14-1 ~ 
meeting at. UCS D. 

In a presentation to the regents, UC Vice President 
William B . Baker said thaI because the state appears to 
be $3.5 billion short of resources to fu nd several pro-
grams. the UC is "greatly concerned about the potential 
impact on the univer ity if the entire problem is re-
solved through budget cuts only - and particularly if 
the cuts fall exclusively upon a few unprotected pro-
grams." 

Baker added that "we have very little margin for 
dealing with budget cuts of any magnitude .... We've 
taken a cut of $52 million in just unfunded price in-
creases, alone. si nce 1985-86. This has been especially 
damaging to our libraries, which are now short by $13 
million." 

However, Baker said the UC's financial future is 
brighter because state voters last month pas ed Propo-
sition Ill , which instituted a ga tax and raised the state 
spending limit. and Proposi tion 121, a higher educa-
tion capi tal bond issue. 

"California's voters have made the future immeas-
urably brighter," Baker said. 

GttAiDIAN 
Contributing Editors: BEN BOYCHUK, JAMES COLLIER, 
RANDY DOTINGA, BILL DOWLER, KENT KORZON, 
ROBIN MACLEAN, MEL MARCELO, MtKE MARTINEZ 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 

TIHI UCSO _. P<Jb<lShId _Isand nusda" ... Iong the lCaotmc yt,I and 
twICe dJrlng lhe SlMTIi'I"i!' by and lor U'le students 01 UCSO ReprOduC'llOn 01 1M ntwspa 
per ~ ani' form. wht:her Iflwtv)ie Of IOpart \110 ,thoutpermlSSlOIussufCtlyprohlbtted C 1990, 
aD u~hts feserved 
The UCSO Guardtar/ls nol r esponsb:a 'Of the return :If unsolICIted "' anuscnpts or iMt The 
VIIWS ,,,pressed In glaphlcS and signed letters Of commtn1an86 do not necessarily rep-
resent U'\f DP'olOnsol The UCSD GuarQan, the ur.verSity of Cauforl"ll3. Of Ihe ASSOCl3ted 
S:..<ItnIs of UCSO GooU dud lind I don I fee. so hoi ml"~ 

Phone 
Editorial: 534-6580 
Business: 534·3466 

Fax : 534-7691 

UCSD Guardian, 8·016 
La Jolla, CA 920~3 

Special Summer Editio1' • The UCSD Guardian July 1990 

Scripps Studies Sonar System 
The National Science Foundation has awarded a research grant to Scripps InstiMe of Oceanography to develop a system 

that uses sound to make computerized pictures of biological activity in the world's oceans. Research oC6anographer Jules S. 
Jaffe received a 3D-month, $483,000 award to design and test at sea an electronics system for probing the marine environment, 
combining newly developed sonar (sound navigation and ranging) techniques, and advanced computer pro::essing. 

Jaffe's system is designed to produC6 three-dimensional computer pictures of ocean animals, rangmg In size from plankton 
to large fish, in a field of view extensive enough to allow detailed studies of marine populations and behavior. 

~,\'4 UCSD NEWS 
Over 3,100 Graduate From UCSD During Ceremonies 

More than 3,100 slUdents received degrees during 
commencement exercises at UCSD on June 17. Each 
undergraduate college held a separate commencement , 
except for Fifth College, which opened two years ago 
and does not yet have a graduating class. Two graduate 
departments also awarded degrees to students. 

Muir College held the first commencement of the 
day at Third College Field, as graduat ing students 
marched to their seats while bagpipers played. 

Provost Emeritus John Stewart, who until recently 
taught' a popular class on Wilderness and Human Val-
ues, delivered the commencement address to the 700 
graduates. 

Warren College graduated 575 seniors on the south 

lawn near Galbraith Hall and the Mandell Weiss The-
atre, a fter a commencement address by Professor E. 
Margaret Burbidge. 

After an add res by Congressman Tom Lantos, who 
represents San Mateo County, 675 Third College s tu-
dents received degrees. 

Reve lle College held the last graduation of the day 
for its 665 graduates at the south lawn near Galbraith 
Hall. The commencement speaker was Clyde Ostler, a 
graduate of Revelle'b class of 1968. 

The Division of Graduate Studies honored 450 gradu-
ates during ceremonies in the Price Center Ballroom, 
and the Graduate School of International Relation and 
Pacific Studies graduated 47 students. 

:it SPOTLIGHT 
City Council to Study Mlnl·Dorm Issue at July 23 Meeting 

On Jul y 23, a land use committee of the San Diego 
City Council will address the issue of "mini-dorms" in 
the San Diego area. 

Mini-dorms, loosely defined as residences in which 
several unrelated students live, have become the object 
of controversy in recent months, as local residents have 
complained of noise and parking problems arising from 
neighbonng students. 

At recent community meetings, some residents have 
expressed the view that no more than three unrelated 
people should be allowed to live in Ihesame residence in 
areas zoned for single-family housing, such as Univer-
sity City. 

Students have countered that some of their neighbors 
are biased against them and that the UCSD community 
is unwilling to accommodate campu~ growth . 

Some residents point to the Single Family Overlay 
Zone (SFOZ), which was instituted in 1987 in the San 
Diego State Univers ity area, as a possible solution. 

SFOZ links the number of parking spaces a resi-
dence is allowed to the number of occupants. 

UCSD Researcher Receives $7.5 
MIllion to Study A.I.D.S. Vaccine 

UCSD researcher Flossie Wong-Staal wa recently 
awarded a $7.5 mill ion federal grantto conduct research 
toward an AJ.D .S . vaccine. 

Wong-Staal, who was given an endowed chair in 
A.1.D.S . research here earlier this year, formerly worked 
with controversial A.I.D.S. researcher Robert Gallo at 
the National Cancer Institute in Bethesda, Maryland. 

UC NEWS 
Committee Advocates Continued UC Support of Nuclear Labs 

A high-level advisory committee chaired by UCSD 
Professor Herbert York recently concluded that the 

Univer~ity of California bhould cont inue to manage the 
Lawrence Livermore and Lo~ Alamos nationa llabora-
tories as a public service - a service whose value is 
"particularly desirable" in light of current world events. 

The Sciemitic and Academic Advisory Committee 
(SAAC), an I I-member group of U faculty and ou t-
bide experts. reached the conclusion in a study prepared 
for C Prcbident DaVid P. Gardner. 

SAAC was established in 1971 to advise the UC 
prebident and the UC Regentb on the univer:oity's man-

agement of the Li vermore and Los Alamos laboratories 
for the U .S. Department of Energy. 

TheSAAC study stres~ed that Ihepositive influences 
UC's management brings to the laboratories arc " impor-
tant and substantial. " 

Two "very important" bcne filb of U management 
of ttle labs are the univer5i ty's fu n tion as "an effective 
buffer between the federal government on the on hand 
and laboratory officiab and l>taff 011 the other." The 
university's " long tradition of emphasiLing re~earch, 
excellence, intellectual freedom, and opennes5." ac-
cording to the study. 

July 1990 SpeciRJ Summer Edition • T he UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

BAN: La Jolla Shores Alcohol Ordinance 
Receives Support From Local Residents 

Roger Revelle Will Receive 
Science Medal From President 
By KENr KORZON,COHJUUTNG EDlTOi 

Roger Revelle, one of UCSD's founders, will receive the Na-
tional Medal of Science in honor of his work in oceanographic ex-
pi oration, atmospheric science, and population biology. 

The medal is awarded to scientists nominated for presidential 
approval by a special committe~ of the National Science Founda-
tion. 

Revelle, 81, was one offive graduates at Scripps Instilution of 
Oceanography in 1936, and went on to direct the institution from 
1950 to 1964. During that time, he strongly advocated the estab-
lishment of a UC campus in San Diego. 

Revelle later founded and headed the Harvard Center for Popu-
lation Studies until returning to UCSD. 

Over 30 years ago, along with Hans Seuss, now a UCSD pro-
fessor emeritus of Chemistry ,Revelle wrote a papertheorizing on 
the idea of a global greenhouse effect. 

He is currently director emeritus of Scripps and a professor of 
public policy at UCSD, but has been ill since February, when he 
had cardiac surgery. 

Revelle will be presented the medal sometime later this sum-
mer by President George Bush. He will be the fifth UCSD faculty 
member to receive the government's highest scientific award. 

CELEBRATING 10 YEARS OF SERVICE 

CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1 
The increa edenforcement was 

requested by Councilman Bruce 
Henderson, who felt that beachgo-
ers who previously drank at La 
Jolla Shore would go further south 
10 Pacific Beach and Miss ion 
Beach. 

Late last year the council con-
sidered banning alcohol at all c ity 
beaches, but the idea was shelved 
after it met heated opposition from 
residents and Mayor O 'Connor. 

' Herds of 
[people] just can't 
control themselves 
and make it miser-
able for everyone 
else. , 

-Carl Dustin, 
La Jolla Resident 

The La Jolla Shores alcohol ban 
has received strong support from 
local residents, who claim that 
drinkers at the beach contribute ro 
noise, safety, and litter problems 
in the area. 

Carl Dustin, a 30-year resident 
of the La Jolla Shores area, said 

Summer Special 
I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
~ Mltsublsh. Isuzu Acura Dalhatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our sst/sfled customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $35 ~reg.$55) 
1, SpM! plugs Our tune up Includes a lor more /h", orhers. h indudes: 
2. Distributor points 6. Clean! replenish allluid & oil levels 10. Check undercarriage lor d<rnages 
3 Condensers 7. Check brakes 11. Check coo~ng system & hoses 
4: ~st liming 8. Check cIu1cI1 12. Road tesl 
5. Adjust dwell angle 9. Check lights 

,~~oint M!ip.!2~s~~eCia' l~r~ · 
2. VaNe a~US1J11enl 11. A~ust timing 21. Check & replenish all 28. Check and recharge 

Replace: 12. A~ust dweY angle fluid and oilleYels battery, il necessary 
3. VaNe CO'Ier gasket 13. A~ust carburelor 22. Check elelrical system 29. Rotale tires (il needed) 
4. SpM! plugs 14. A~ust sleering box 23. Check lor loose or lost 30. Check tire pressure 
5. Distributor points 15. Adjus air & luel ratio mi. boils 31 . Lube door hinges 
6. Goodensers. 16. A~st dutch 24. Check brakes 32. Check all holders 
7. Air liller, 17. Adjust brakes 25. Check ctuldl 33. Ch8c:k ccooIing sYSI8m & 
8. OilliJler, 18. Adjust emergency brakes 26. Check lights hoses 
9. Gas "her, and 19. Chad< & adjust e'posed 27. Check under .... "age lor 34. Check exhaust system 
1 O. Engine 00 belts fmages 35. Road lest 

20. Lube front end 

~1t:F~6~ndnc~;pi;t;,oCI~t~8hj;b' $169 * 
We rep/ace: 

1. Transmission input shah seal (except 
HOMas 

2. Pressure plate 
3. Clutch disc 

4. Throwoul bearing Nole: HydrwUc paris are not covered. 
5. Pilol bearings Nol for 4WD. Front wheel drive extra. 
6. New transmission oil 
7. Road test 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
Fronl or reBl. Brake iob includes: 

1. InstaN special new pads or inslall rear brake shoes 5. Bleed entire brake system 
2. Drain old brake fluid 6. Adjust front (II drums) and rear shoes 
3. Inspect complete hydraulic system 7. Replace Irool rolor seals (II rolor turn) 
4. Re"" hydraulic fluid 8. Road test 
N04', H~auIC pons are noIlncIuded 

a,.nd ne w ... rt •. Ask IIbout our specl.1 FlIt •• for ..... _ ove rh8ul .. 
All our wCNk ..... 2.,.., or 20,0G0-mI1e limited WIIIT...ty. 

AI price. Include ...,t ...... .....". 

o¥a1-se~~ ('most cars) ~ - ~ 8008 Miramar Rd. 895-1990 
AulDmollve RepaIrs Off", good t~t~=~i=.wtth th. acI. 
•••••••• TOWing and rental car available. Monday·Friday, 7:30 am·6 pm. Open Saturday 

that while he dislikes the idea of 
banning alcohol, "there's too many 

, I just hope at the people that have gotten oul of 
control. " end of the six 

" Herds of them just can't con- months we can do 
trol themselves and make it miser-
able for everyone else," Dustin said. this without a ban 

Councilwoman Wo lfsheimer, 
- enforce existing 

who represents La Jolla and Uni-
laws and not pun-versity City, was one of the strong-

est supponers of the ban . ish people who 
The councilwoman is now 

aren't [breaking] "waiting to see if this is going to 
improve the [beach] for families, the law. ' 
to see if it does make a difference 

-Linda Jo Hardison, fo r all the rowdiness, " sa id 
Gonzalezr. La Jolla Merchant 

But the ban has been criticized 
by some merchants and beachgo- The Beer Drinkers of America 
ers, who have suggested that the organization has also expressed 
city should instead concentrate on opposition to the alcohol ban, 
alcohol education and better en- claiming that it would punish 
forceme nt of current laws. moderate drinkers. 

In an interview, Linda Jo Har-
dison, the owner of the Neighbor-

'Be a part Saver Food Store near La 10lla 
Shores, claimed that alcohol-re-
lated problems have occurred at Of the La Jolla Shores and Kellogg Park 
because of lax police enforcement 
of existing laws. (juardian! "I just hope at the end of the six 
months we can do this without a 

Caf{ Phi{ at ban - enforce existing laws and 
not punish peopl e who aren ' t 534-6580 [breaking] the law," she said. 



OPINION 
4 OPINION Special Sttmmer Edition • T he UCSD Guardian July 1990 

, . I \I, B I I~"" ( , 

Much Ado About Nothing 
The stonn of controversy surrounding the ever-emotional 

issue offlag burning has sub ided slightly fort he time being. 
The issue came to a head two weeks ago, when the House of 
Representatives narrowly defeated a proposed constitu-
tional amendment which would have given the Congress 
and the tates "the power to prohibit the physical desecration 
of the Flag of the United States." A week prior to the House 
vote, the Supreme Court ruled - once again - that federal 
and state law banning the burning of Old Glory are uncon-
stitutional. 

Flag burning, offensive though it may be, is a form of free 
expression protected by the First Amendment. Justice Wil-
liam Brennan, writing the majority opinion for the court, 
said, "Punishing the desecration ofthe flag dilutes the very 
freedom that makes this emblem so revered and worth 
revering. " 

In this case, the court has the right idea. It is true that the 
flag is the symbol of American democracy. It is true that 
millions of Americans have died for the flag in various wars 
throughout our history. It is sad - if not outrageous - for 
many Americans to watch "radicals" burn the symbol of the 
nation they hold so dear. These are the people who are the 
most vocal and active supporters of the flag amendment. 
These people are also wrong. 

Despite the emotional nature of the issue, it is possiule to 
examine the flag burning controversy rationally. We mu t 
never allow the Bill of Rights to be tampered with, despite 
any passionate inclinations. If approved, the proposed 27th 
Amendment would have been the fIrst constitutional amend-
ment in history to actually limit the Bill of Rights -
specifically the First Amendment. No matter how repulsive 
flag burning is to most Americans, we cannot suppress the 
free expression of dissent by others - to do so would be to 
suppress liberty as well. 

The flag burning brouhaha is really one of many "non-
issues" prevalent in recent national affairs. The American 
flag. funding the National Endowment for the Arts, outcries 
for censorship of rock lyrics - all have been hot topics in 
Washington D.C. and in the national media. In the continu-
ing game of taking credit and avoiding blame in legislative 
politics, congressmen have been bouncing off the walls 
trying to playa high-intensity game of "double-jeopardy" 
- trying to defend the First Amendment without looking 
unpatriotic or in favor of obscenity. In the great game of 
electoral politics, getting re-elected is everything. Thank-
fully, enough congressmen were able to remember their 
beliefs to defeat a horrible amendment. 

But there is a much greater problem here. While Copgress 
is fumbling about on Capitol Hill , debating trivialities, they 
are strategically avoiding the major issues. Congress has 
placed the protection of the American flag at the forefront of 
the national agenda, while at the same time cleverly circum-
venting the problems that it would rather not deal with -
especially in an election year. 

The United States still has a multi-trillion dollar deficit, a 
budget that cannot be balanced, a social security system that 
cannot support itself, a savings and loan industry that is 
crumbling daily, a rampant drug problem, hundreds ofthou-
sands of homeless, innocent children dying in the streets of 
major metropolitan cities - caught in the crossfire of rival 
gangs' turf wars ... the list goes on and on. 

Yet Congress is worried about a few demented , harmless 
individuals burning the American flag. 

It's really too bad that a majority of the American public 
(roughly 67 percent according to a recent Newsweek poll) 
has bought the congressional and pre idential rhetoric. The 
American people are just as bad as the Congress. They've 
allowed Washington politicians to make them believe that 
burning the American flag - or certain works of art, or rock 
and roll lyrics - need to be controlled and censored. 

Congres needs to get off its high horse. It seems ironic 
that an institution that basically exists for it own self-
Interest is preaching patriotism and morality to the Ameri-
can people. Jf there is any justice in this world, every one of 
those congre~~men will be defeated by opponents who run 
not wrapped in the American flag, but on concrete platfonm 
grappling important is ues. Unfortunately, these days, JUs-
tice seems to be running in short supply. 

--- -----------~ 

BENSON 

( '( 1\1\11" I \In 

The Slow Death 
Of the First Amendment 
• The Supreme Court's Ruling Against Opinion Makes Them Guilty 
Of Assault on the Very Document They Have Sworn to Protect ••• 
By lEN 8oYCHUK, 0Pw1ON fDllOlf 

The First Amendment has been big news in recent months. People everywhere have been 
clamoring about everything from buming flags to 
obscenity in music to the appropriateness of 
government-sub idized art. Everyone seems to 
have a different opinion about something, which is 
really what the First Amendment is all about. 

. Each of 

even writers of letters to the editor. This means 
more lawsuits, more time wasted by the already 
over-wo!i(ed judicial system, and less freedom of 
speech. 

The only form of opinion still legally protected 
is "rhetorical hyperbole" because, according to the 
court, "no reasonable reader would take [it] liter-
ally." But just what is rhetorical hyperbole, 

anyway? 
us could 
probably 
argue until 
we're blue 
in the face 
about 
whether or 
not flag 
burning 
should be a 

'We are not persuaded that ... an addi-
tional seperate constitutional privilege for 
'opinion' is required to ensure the free-
dom of expression guaranteed by the First 
Amendment. , 

The court 
never 

makes a 
distinction. 

Of 
course, 

plaintiffs in 
such 
lawsuits 
must still -The Supreme Court 

crime, or if 
2 Live Crew really can be nasty as they wanna be, 
or if Robert Mappletl\orpe's pictures transcend the 
realm of good taste. Despite the array of disagree-
ments that are bound to crop up, one thing remains 
consistent: our right to disagree, and our right 10 
express our opinion - positive or negative - of 
people and id.eas. 

Or, at least, that always was the case. 
Our right to express opinion was all but 

destroyed two weeks ago when the Supreme Court 
ruled that opinion can no longer be used as a 
defense against libel. 

Prior to the court's decision , the standard had 
always been that a person could only be sued for 
false statements of fact According to the Su-
preme Court'S ruling, however, "the statement ' In 
my opinion, Jones is a liar,' can cause as much 
damage to reputation as the statement 'Jones is a 
liar. '" 

According to Chief Ju~tice William Rehnquist, 
the "legal distinction between statements of fact 
and ~tatements of pinion is an artificial dichot-
omy." 

The impact of this deci ion is con iderable be-
cause it affects virtually every form of opinion. 
including Ihose you read on Ihis very page. The 
ruling includes the expression of opinion by ev-
eryone from editorial writers to music critics, and 

prove that 
what was said about them was false, which, in the 
case of opinion, coulq be particularly difficult, if 
not impossible. 

Nevertheless, many legal experts tend to 
believe that the deci sion will lead to a higher rate 
of lawsuits. 

The ruling could have a major impact on publi-
cations at UCSD. Conceivably, any attack on the 
A.S. or any of its members, or items critical of an 
admini trator or a profes or - de pite the fact that 
it appears on the opinion page - are targets for 
legal action. Letter writers cri tical of an individ-
ual - no matter how stupid or wrong the individ-
ual might be in any given circum lance - could 
be dragged into court for character assassination in 
the public arena. 

The possibilities are limitless and quite fright-
ening. 

While major, more mainstream publications 
have the ability 10 protect themselves from the po-
tentiallegal war that could emerge from anyone 
of their editorials, smaller publication~ face legal 
and journalistic castration, for fear of 01 tenchng 
I>omeone for something and windlllg up in finan-
cially crippling legal battles. 

Opinions will cease to be provocative. News-
papers will no longer take a stand on important 

SEE DECISION, PAGE 5 

July 1990 Special S,Immer Edition • The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 
----------------

Decision 
Continued from page 4 
issues. will no longer speak out 
in oppo ition to what it may per-
ceive as wrong or unjust, and 
will sink into stagnation. 

Letters to the edi tor. the True 
voice of the people, will no longer 
criticize greedy or lazy officials 
or administrators, or public fig-
ures, for fear of unwanted legal 
backlash. 

That's the real problem with 
this ruling - it si lences public 
opinion. In a society where thou-
sands of lawsuits are filed for the 
most trivial of reasons, the seri-
ousness of thi s ruling will cause 
many people to think twice before 
subminingthei r opinions forpub-
lication. 

How can a Supreme Court that 
ruled that flag burning is prolt'cted 
under the First Amendment turn 
around less than one week later 
and take such a huge bite OUI of 
the freedom of the press? It is 
amazing to me that this court, 
which said, "punishing the dese-
cration of the flag dilutes the very 
freedom that makes this [flag] ... 
worth revering," is the same court 
which said, "We are not persuaded 
that. .. an additional separate con-
sti tutional privilege for ' opinion' 
is required to ensure the freedom 
of expression guaranteed by the 
First Amendment." 

What ? 
I thought we already had acon-

stitutional ' privilege ' for opinion 
in the Fir t Amendment. What's 
more. I thought that 'privilege' 
was a righT- a pan ofthe Bill of 
RighTS. 

The court's decision is just the 
most recent step in the gradual 
erosion of the Bill of Rights. The 
free expression of opinion is a 
great political right and is an es-
sential element of a free society. 
Placing restrictions on opinion 
through legal intimidation is noth-
ing more than a blatant sl ice at the 
word and spirit of the Constitution. 
No matter what your political ide-
ology may be -1 i beral or conser-
vative-allmust agree that tam-
pering with the Bill of Right 
benefits no one. 

I II 1< I () 1111 EllllOl< 

Saltman's Remarks Anger 
Some Revelle Graduates 
Editor: 

As one of the newest graduates of thi university, I am sorry to 
say that I am leaving with a slight bitter taste in my mouth. The 
detlavoring was tewed by the remarks of Dr. Paul Saltman at the 
Revelle graduation. 

As Dr. Saltman read out the names of the grad uates. his racial 
remarks about the students took a lot of the pride out of an 
important momen t in our lives. Forthe past four years [have seen 
the c ultural awareness issue grow with greal intensity. I have also 
seen a lot of hard-working people stri ve towards more sen itivily 
on this campu . To see that destroyed in less than two hours by one 
man's ignorant comments on women, Asians. African-Ameri-
cans, Hispanic-Americans, etc .... is completely appalling. 

J don't care about Ihe books or great stature that Dr. Saltman 
has achieved, because when it comes down to the basics, he may 
be fact-intelligent but he i people-ignorant. The universi ty should 
think twice before lelling a man like thi s attach the letters UCSD 
to his name. 

Years down the line, Dr. Saltman ' comment s will be all that 
is remembered from the 1990 Revelle graduation. I, and many of 
my fellow tudents, resent his stealing the spotlight from us with 
such crass thought. Something should be done, whether it's 
opening the "fighting words" policy to everyone on this campus 
or requiring some faculty to attend the Ethnic Studies clas es that 
have been recently created. At a time when many gather to 
celebrate our accolades and honors, I feel we have been dishon-
ored by one Dr. Paul Saltman. 

Carey Friedman 
Revelle Student Commencement Sp~ker 

Speak Your Mind! 
The Guardian will be publishing another Summer 

edition, so we still welcome any of your letters or 
commentaries. Drop your letter at the Guardian offices 
(on the second floor of the Student Center, above the 
General Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor, The Guardian, 
8-016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Letters should be typed, double-spaced, and should 
include a signature and phone number. We reselVe the 
right to edit letters for length and clarity . Send your 
letters today, and you could be reading them in the 
Summer Guarsiian, basking in the sun of your favorite 
beach ... 

Deadline for submissions is July 28. Have a great 
summer! 

IVAC CORP. 
FOR PRACTICING YOUR INTERVIEWING SKILLS 

\ 
Ivac is looking for people to be practice interview candidates for 

our upcoming interviewer training session. 
If you are selected, you will participate in a 3 to 4 hour practice 

interview session during working hours for which you will receive 
$25.00. The ~ession will give you a chance to fine tune your 

interview skills and obtain feedback on your performance 
as an interviewee. 

If you would like to be considered, please call 
Lana Galavan at 458-7717. 

Ivac Corp. 
10300 Campus Point Dr. 

Mail Drop 17/2 
San Diego, A 92121 

Deadline for resume is July 11. 1990. 

-----------------------

,.. __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR._ 

7rJMS Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \fIN and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
- ---_ .. _------

•
1 20% ~~!!?~r~~T· I. 
I ·MUM present coupon ondvolld UCSD ID at tlmeotestimote. I Not volld with naJor engine or tronsmlsslon repoirs. 
I ~l :ALL IIsc I 
I 9-J 1450 94941 ,,a;;!;,l,, I 
i l£ - i I If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them I 
I About Us; If They Haven't Discovered I I Us Yet, Ask Us For References. I 
• 5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE I 
.7 ......... __ ... , .. ~ .......................... .... 

La Jolla s 
BEST KEPT SECRET! 

Come by for breakfast, lunch, or dinner! 

.p-
cu ...... 

• Overlooking Torrey Pines Golf Course 
and the Pacific Ocean 

• Beautiful outdoor dining 
• A wide variety of nutritious yet tasty cuisine 
• AII-you·can-eat salad bar 

HOURS OF OPERATION 
Mon.·Thurs. 7 am-8 pm 

Friday closed at 3 
Fridays Ihru Sundays our reslauranl 

Is open 10 caler your parties. 

• Deli sandwiches, fresh fish 
and chicken entrees, and more .• , 

r--··---··--------Enjoy your 200/0 student discount 
with a UCSO 1.0. 

C/Joices in the .. - - • - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Shiley Sports and Health Center of 554 FOOD 
Scripps Clinic· 10820 North Torrey Pines Road Call -



A '~lTS & ENTERTAINMENT 
6 ART & ENTERTAINMENT Special Summer Editio11 • The U SD Guardian July 1990 Special Slimmer EditiMI • The UCSD Guardian ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 7 

DAYS OF THUNDER 
"Fasten your eatbelt" is a sign that 

should be displayed in theaters 
showing Paramount's "Days of 
Thunder". The excitement of stock-
car racing bums through the screen at 
"9000 RPM". Close-up angles of cars 
"rubbin" and "trading paint" give a 
sensation of being in a modern day 
version of "Ben Hur's" chariot cene . 
If a few of the preceding terms ound 
like Greel- to you. it's pan of the 
pleasure of viewing the movie: the 
dialogue and slang of the racing 
scenes have an insider's view that add 
to the film 's "you are there" aura. 

You won' t need a helmet, or a 
thinking cap to watch the movie. The 
plot i paper-thin and the characters 
could have been lifted out of comic 
books (a current trend in movie ). The 
tory, Tom Crube'~ I-iller grin, and 

even the music provoke a sense of 
''Top Gun" deja vu. The film i a ''Top 
Gun" on wheels. 

These are mmor distractions, 
though. The camaraderie between the 
characters and the unexpected humor 
is pure summer entertainment. TI1ere' 
a hilarious wheelchair scene that 
recalls last Winter's "Born on the 
Fourth of July." For relief from July's 
searing heat and for high-speed 
summer entenainment, "Days of 
Thunder" get~ the checkered flag . 

-Mel 

MILO AND OTIS 
How cute it is-Back to the aturp.! 

Thi Japane e-made, previously 
released film understandably keeps a 
low marketing profile in a " Dick 
Tracy" .ummer. In fact, the only 
promotion I have .een for "Milo and 
Oti~" b orne 30-~econd commercial 
spots on "Popeye" and "Scooby 0 00" 
(I was. er. sick in bed and couldn't 
reach the remote), onetheless, this 
film can hold its head high. 

It doe have an audience. Kids will 
love it. Some parents may also fi nd 
themselves fighting a few "aw shucks" 
tears. And the kmd of people who bask 
in the endearing reverie of every fur 
ball coughed up by little Pookums 
should ru h to the theaters. 

Talk about incredible journeys! 

01' Dud could sure use a hit , and 
"Milo and Otis" hould be a boost to 
the career of its star. Oti has a 
cameo in the upcoming "WonTonTon 
II", and Milo is lool-ing at everal 

ripts following an unfottunate stint 
in catnip rehab. 

-Mike 

BETSY'S WEDDING 
In a summer of sequels. pecial ef-

fects, and hootouts, it' refre hing to 
see a movie like "Bet y's Wedding." 
There's no number in the title, the 
only pecial effects are Molly 
Ringwald' wild outfits, and a shon 
gangland drive-by shooting is milder 
than mo t cenes on television. The 
movie ends in drenching water and 
mud - a contrast to most movie this 
summer that end in fiery finales. 

The folk at Di ney are touting this 
one a~ a "feel-good comedy" and 
they're on target with their hype. The 
plot is nothing spectacular but the 
light humor keeps the film spi nning at 
a casual pace. Enjoy "Betsy's Wed-
ding" like a big tub of butter-drenched 
popcorn: you know it's not good for 
your health but it sure tastes good. 

-Mel 

ROBOCOP2 
"Robocop 2" begins on a promis-

ing note. The satirical humor and 
hard-core action of the first movie are 
intact. Willy commercials on car 
alarms and sun tanning lotion recall 
the video backdrop of the first film. 

auseating scene. of a brain operation 
and bloody violence will satisfy any 
fan of hard-core gore: There 's even a 
touching scene when Robocop/ 

Murphy'~ widow challenges the 
supercop 's tdentity: i~ he/it a man or a 
machine? All seems well in this 
summer sequel. 

DICK TRACY 
In the Count Basie orchestra, the 

horns soared. The rhythm section 
swung hard. The backbone, however, 
was the subtle accents of the Count 
himself. He tossed understated, elegant 
piano fills in the right spots-not a 
econd too late, nor a second too long. 

His patented triplets were always the 
last word. 

One should have the same apprecia-
tion of Warren Beatty ' efforts in 
" Dick Tracy." Much has been written, 
and deservedly so, of the the mind 
boggling makeup de ign. Equally 
quirky is the primary-color cinematog-
raphy, which give some scenes a 
styli h, backdrop feel, yet others a 
dank duo tone pall. This is a world that 
exist only during your vi~ it to the 
theater. 

The performances are reminiscent 
of "Guys and Dolls", with a theatrical 
sense of fun . Unlike his campy 
Scarface. Al Pacino's zany hamming 
as Big Boy is intentional here. Dustin 
Hoffman turns Mumbles into Ray-
mond Babbit on ether. And gaze into 
Madonna' eyes during one of her 
luxuriou close ups. For the first time 
on the movie screen, the camera 
catches the intangible spark that makes 
others ean hbound by comparison. Her 
self-assurance makes some rather 
corny double entendres work. 

Warren Beatty, though, is the soul 
of "Dick Tracy." Like Basie, he 's the 
boss. Gangsters soar and Madonna 
smolders, but the whole orbit flies off 
without his subtle center. His very one-
dimensionality is a virtue here, for it 
has to balance the outrageous world 
that revolve around him. The low-
key performances of Glenne Headly 
a Tess, and Charlie Korsmo as the 
Kid follow Warren 's beat. Above all, 
this surreal trip, and that includes the 
choice of actors, is largely the vision 
of one man. 

I f you can stop looking for subtext 
and motivation for about two hours, 
have a little pure movie fun. 

-Mike 

GREMLINS 2 
Milo, the kiny, and Otis, the pooch, 
encounter a raging waterfall on their 
raft, memorable battles with other 
species, and the usual car chases and 
explosions. Only Dudley Moore's 
cloying narration gums up the works. 

ot quite. In the last half of the 
film, "Robocop 2" is painfully dull to 
si t through. At rwo screenings, J 
noticed people sleeping through it. 
The movie removes all insight into the 
man under the shiny bulletproof 
armor. Without the backdrop of 
Robocop's human/machine identity 
crisis, boredom grows with every 
round of ammo and car explosion. By 
the end of the film, it doesn ' t maller 
whether Robocop wins or loses in the 
climactic battle. The clear losers are 
the audience and the die-hard fans of 
the shining knight's first outing. 
Robocop'. final line in the movie is 
"We're only human." Yawn. 

_The Guardian's Pix and Nix on this Summer's Flix 
Buried under the mountain of 

"Dick Tracy" media hype, "Gremlins 
2" opened quietly as the potlight 
shined on Di ney's day-glo detective. 
The light may have been shining 
somewhere else but all of the laughter 
and hollering were in the theaters 

r-------------------, 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

2 TANS 1 
TRIM & TAN· UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct. • 455-0909 

Pacific Beach' Mission Valley· State Cotlege • Sports Arena' Encinitas 
~-------------------
I Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
I 
I European Body Wrap -Only $48 Not a temporary 'Nater loss. Reduce celluhte and stretch mai1ls. 
I Call to< delails • 2nd 30 \all days $39.99 • FrsHIfTI8 clents Expires 8/6190 L ___________________ ~ 

-Mel REVIEWS 

EARN 
" LEARN 

Be part of a student 
merchandising marketing 
team for an international 

computer company! 
Salary plus Comission, 

Flexible Hours , Bulid 
Resume, Experience, 

Certification . 

FAX resume to: 
212-67!>-1.732 or mall to 

Cll , 5 West 19th St., 10th 
Fl., New York, NY 10011.. 

B Y MEL MARCELO 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO IN URANCERATE 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279·5955 
0' AGNE SA In urance Agcn y 

7841 Balboa Ave. tc.215 
San Diego, CA 92111 

ALSO: MEDICAUDENTALfTRAVEL INSURANCE 

AND M IKE MARTINEZ 

REDUCE YOUR 
STUDENT 
BODIES. 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kinko·s 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8849 Villa La Jolla Dr, 

howing the funher adventures of 
Gizmo and his Gremlin counterpans. 
That's okay, though-bright lights can 
harm Gizmo (remember the three 
rules?). "Gremlins 2" breaks all the 
typical rule of movie equels: it 
outdoes the first movie, and it doesn't 
rehash the plot. 

The story doe n' t really maUer and 
that' s a plu . The movie is a wild col-
lection of spoofs and skits that will 
have you laughing, unless you are an 
extreme pessimist, in delight. The hu-
mor is for adults, movie fans and any-
body who is sick of Donald Trump, 
Marla Maples, and Ted Turner. The 
classic microwave oven scene of the 
first movie pales in light of the sheer 
amount of hip humor in the sequel. Be 
sure to watch it in a respectable thea-
te r- there have been unconfinned re-
ports of sabotage in some screening of 
"Gremlins 2 ..... 

-Mel 

DIE HARD 2 
Out of all the summer movies so 

far, "Die Hard 2" is at the top of the 
mountain in one glaring feature: it 
beats our all of its competition in the 
number of fatalities with a body count 
of 259 casualties. Don 't let that fool 
you. "Die Hard 2" is the most enter-
taining action movie of the summer. 
At the sneak preview, it blew every-
body out of the theater-men, women, 
children, and some popcorn. The spec-
tacular sequel has a lot going for it: 
Bruce Willis, top-notch special 
effects. a sturdy story, and endless 
humor. 

Part of the appeal of the film is 
Bruce Willis' performance as John 
McClane-a very human cop who 
doesn't really want to be a hero but is 
caught in the wrong place at the wrong 
time. After scene of well-paced ac-
tion, McClane is clearly in pain. He 
doesn't walk away like Arnold 
Schwarzenegger or Robocop. 
McClane grovelS on the ground, short 
of breath. 

Provided by George Lucas' Indus-
trial Light and Magic, the special 
effects and explosions are pure movie 
magic. Planes don't merely explode-
they flare up and burst in inten~ity . 
When a certain 747 torches and erupts 
across the big screen, there 's a sense 
of horror and tragedy. 

It 's hard to talk about the film with-
out giving away the story--one of the 
strong points of "Die Hard 2." The 
screenplay is based on the novel "58 

YE S 
AHEAD 

HAIRCUTS 
by M..-k 

Women $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg .. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

Perm & Haircut or $50 
Highlight & HaircllI 

Minutes" by Walter Wager. Some 
scenes might seem predictable and 
100 ely written, but the overall story 
works well on its own; cenain plot 
twists keep the movie on its edge. To 
maximize the suspense, see the movie 
early before your friends or television 
ads give away the story. 

"Die Hard 2" is very funny . The 
film pokes fun at its status as a sequel : 
how can the same si tuation happen to 
the same guy twice? Bruce Willis 
deliver his lines with crowd-plea ing 
appeal. Bart fans take note: " the 
Simpsons" make their very fi rst big 
screen appearance. 

Opening on July 4th , the sequel ets 
off its own fireworks on the silver 
screen. Set in the Christmas Holiday 
season, "Die Hard 2" delivers all its 
good for the summer movie season. 

-Mel 

ANOTHER 48 HOURS 
Some eight years later, the buddy/ 

enemy chemi try between smana 
con Eddie Murphy and no-nonsense 
cop Nick olte i till intact. And it 
still works. Director Walter Hill 's 
penchant for spectacular explo ions 
and ballistic ballet shows him to be at 
the top of these particu lar powers. 

Otherwise, "Another 48 Hours" 
uffers from common script mal-

adie -whopping coincidences, 
plotholes and unbelievable premise. 
These two psychopathic biker , hired 
to kill Mwphy, blow up everyone in 
s ight with orgasmic frenzy , yet keep 
Eddie alive in the last two reels so they 
can use him as a hostage. olte has 
been after a major crime bo s for seven 
years with no luck. Eddie, of course, 
takes only 48 hours to piece it to-
gether. 

Hill give this one a few "Long 
Rider" touches such as low angle hots 
from boot level. In addition, he falls 
back on orne of the ame schtick that 
he used in the first go-around - the 
hostile aloon, a shootout in China-
town, and a climactic confrontation 
between Nolte and the villain, with 
Murphy as a hostage. 

There is one major difference from 
I 982-billing. ow it ~·tars Eddie 
Murphy, in association with Eddie 
Murphy Productions. Perhap in 
deference to his star, Hill lets Eddie 
mug a few times too often. even after 
being shOl. Still, if you suspend the 
notion that this is real life storytelling 
on any level , it's fun to hang with 
Eddie and watch him play movie star. 
Nolte, he of the moky, world-weary 
voice, is solid as always. 

-Mike 

r 'or 0PPUlIl/lllfll/ . p!eos~ foil 457·2930. 8950 VilllI La JoIl. Dr .. 
ft . 2110. La Jolla (hehllld E! Tomo dlrecl!" oems ramp.) 



8 OPINION Special Sltmmel' Editioll • T he UCSD G u ardian July 1990 

Out of School, Out of Work: Looking for a Job in the Real World 
I y RANDY DoTINGA 
CONTRIBUTING EDITOR 

I've always hared decisions. 
Which movie to rent , where to eal. where 

to live - each choice has risks. of disap-
pointment. of boredom, of regret. 

But mo t decision in my life palenextto 
what face me now. After fo ur years of 
college, I finally graduated two week ago. 
I was free - no more boring b oks. tough 
tests. long lectures ... 

GtJAknIANCI 
But life i n't any easier. at least not ri ght 

now. The stress of school ha wiftly been 
replaced by the stress of life. 

Right now.l·m working 40 hours a week 
at a boring job, and I don'r yet have a posi-
tion doing whal I want to do - newspaper 
reporting. I'm a "yumpie" (Young Unem-
ployed Media Profe sional ). 

clothes salesman with smelly cigarettes in 
hi pocket and on his breath. I to k his 
words with a grain of sail , but what did I 
I.now? I had no idea what a iob interview 
uit hould look like, and I hadn ' t even 

worn a tie since high school graduation. 
And my mom was there to "help" (after 

all , he wa paying halt). ''Try on one of the 
argyle ties," she said. Oh no, anything but 
argyle. This is the same mom that buys me 
nerdy hins that I never wear. and now she 
was telling me what kind of tie 10 buy. 

I finally got a suit, and even a tie. All 
dressed up, I needed somewhere to go, 0 it 
came time to send out application packets. 
Hours were spent formatting the perfect 
resume on the computer, hour making sure 
the cover letter wasn't too cloy or too de-
tached. (I showed my cover lettcr to friends 
forrheircritique. "Too long," onesaid. I cut 
it. "Too short." another aid.) Then off into 
themail the applications went, in search of 
a needy edi tor in San Diego. 

right now. We' ll keep you in mind." 
I don ' t want to be kept in mind. I want a 

job. 
Finally, an editor called, and wanted to 

interview me. I put on the interview suit and 
nice black shoes; drove with the windows 
closed to keep my hair in place: chewed a 
breath mint in the parking lot, and strode 
into the lair of the editor. 

To my amazement, I wa confident and 
relaxed. I'd been more nervous practic ing 
the interview wi th a friend. The editor liked 
me, we chatted about journalism and got 
along fine ... and then he said he already had 
someone in mind for the posi tion, and he 
didn't want me because I had four more 
week of school left. 

Damn. 

But how ... and where? Journali m jobs 
are easier to find outside of an Diego; 
because the climate is so good, everyone 
wants to work here, and people rarely leave. 
I f! wanted to go to Sunstroke, Arizona, or 
work for the Boise Daily Potato, l imagine 
it would be much easier to get a job. 

But at what cost? That would mean say-
ing good bye to my friends and family here, 
starting a new li fe, and being completely on 
myown. And therein lies the rub. Part of me 
th inks moving would be good, a chance to 
encounter change and grow as a person. But 
most of me is scared to death. 

I'd be leav ingsome wonderful people for 
who knows what. May be I should stay here 
for a year - a local job will surely open up 
in that time. But then 1 wonder. I often fi nd 
myself evaluating my fr iends, questioning 
how good, how close, and how valuable 
they really are. Are they wOl1h sticking 
around for? Is expensive, conservative San 
Diego all that great of a place? Maybe I 
should just leave and never look back. 

The job search started early la t quarter. 
after months of procraslination and paren-
tal nagging. First came the clothe : I needed 
something to wear to job IIlrerviews. Jeans. 
sneakers, and a T-shirt wouldn't do it. So 
off I went to the men's clothing store. 

Unfortunately, needy editors are a rare 
find around here. I ca lled back the papers I 
sent my resume and clip to. and they said 
v:Jr!:!!!I'.., on the same thing: "We don't 
have anything," A few big paper sa id they 
don't hire graduates right out of college. 
Others said they liked my stuff, and "you 're 
at the top of our Ii t ... but nothing i open 

A few weeks later another edi tor called, 
from a weekly paper ina wealthy San Diego 
suburb. I broke out the sui t again, and spent 
15 frustrating minutes trying to tie the tie. 
During the interview the editor said I'd be 
m:linly covering homeowner's association 
meetings. (Pinch me,I thought.) And then a 
reporter there tells me it' s a great place to 
work, "if you don't like reali ty." The editor 
wanted to know if 1 was interested. I made 
a deci ion, called back a few days later and 
sa id no. " I can do better than that ," I ration-
alized to my elf, with an uneasy smile. 

An edi tor could ca ll tomorrow, with the 
perfect job at good pay, at a paper only 
minutes away. Such th ings do happen; it 
happened to a fr iend of mine (damn). Bur I 
don ' t have my hopes up. The future is still 
scary, and I wish r knew what will happen 
and what I should do. "That look great on ou." ~aid the sl imy 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 

A Concrete Approach to Animal Research 

hot chocolate! 
HOURS 11·10:30 Sun.-Thurs. 
11-11 Frl &Sot 

LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd., Ste, 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

L 
\ . 

-

. \ . . 
--------------------

25% OFF any small , medium or large frozen yogurt 
Void with any other offer. Toppings not included. Expires 8/6/90 

Editor: 
Lately, there have been several 

letters dealing wi th the use of 
animals in re earch. Although I 
believe that there is an ethical 
decision that each per on must 
make for him/herself, l would li ke 
to address something a little more 
concrete. 

One of the basic tenets of the 
animal right movement is that 
animal research does not result in 

I s ignificant medical progress. 
I There have been specific claims 
I that the present treatments (not 
I cures) for such diseases as diabe-L __ __________________ ~ 

tes did not involve animal research 
and since animals do not exactly 
model man, any further work 
toward a cure will be made through 
human, not animal research. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Instructor's Course Readers 

• SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
• VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
• PROFESSORS NOTES 

• • Free Parking 
• • Book Binding 
: • COPies while you wait 

• 
Hours: Mon.-Thu. 8:30-6:30; Fri. 8:30-6; Sat. 12-4 

E.<p &&90 

32 J J /lolidlll ' Ct. (,,,"xII,, Domi"" , Ph:;,,) 452-9949 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

----------------, 
READY, GET FIT, GO! 

SPRING INTO SUMMER 
f~SPECIAl! 

With this coupon .. 
one FREE Month 
with purchase of 
regular 

membership 
4 MONTHS FOR 

THE PRICE OF 3 
• Total cosl One per person. Must enron on h[5t vlsd and an Incentl'lO may 

J---:,::--''''''''':''-. '-'''----t be offered lor ,"rol,ng on regular men'bershipS F.51 bme mefl'lbers only 
"f1:~TT''''' No o!her d6Counls ta" be used In COIljOOCbor1 wlih ltus oHer ar.d 

_rshop rrusl be used at center of eruollment Must be 01 :aas! 18 
.... ~-•• I!,"'~~~ y .. rs old Pe<sonal tra"'ng ar.d baby>®ng .,at~ at IIOIIWlaI co.1. 

L
I Lomas Santa Fe Plaza' 975·C lomas Sanla Fe • Solana Beach 259-8515 .J 
--------------------

1 would encourage anyone who 
would believe t his to go into the 
literature and check for themselves 
on the fir~t sources of insulin as 
well as how the disease was char-
acterized. 

I would abo advise people to 
look in the recent literature for the 
discovery of islet-amyloid pol-
ypeptide (lAPP) which may be 
both a major factor in the onset of 
type II diabetes and offer an im-
proved treatment for both type I 
and type II. This honnone was 

discovered through animal re-
search and the investigarion of its 
possi bi lilies for treatment require 
fun her animal tudies. 

The other problem with the ani-
mal-rights movement is the dis-
position of half-truths. For ex-
ample. "Millions of dollars are 
wasted on research that could be 
spent on prevention and educat-
ing rhe public on diet, elc." 

At present, suc h things as 
Alzheimer's disease are not "pre-
ventable" and co t us $15-25 bi l-
lion a year(depending on whether 
one estimates in indirect as well as 
direct cos ts). 

The amount spent on research 
on this disease is miniscule by 
comparison. 

On the subject of money, a 
recent "scandal" pointed oat by 
the animal-rights activists has been 
that 80 percent of the money in a 

grant is salary. If a lab u es four 
rats per week. at acost of$1 0 a rat 
and 50 cents a day to house them, 
that totals less than $50 a week in 
animal costs. I know of very few 
people. whether technicians, prin-
ciple investigators, or waiters, that 
will work full time at $50 per 
week. 

The critique of these claims 
can go on and on but the main 
point I am trying to make is this: 
Ques tion all so-called facts, 
whether the c laims are made by 
those try ing to end animal research 
orrhose using animals in research. 
The students on this campus are 
(mostly) intelligent and can think 
for themselves. 

Do not be lazy . You have been 
trained to think and respect the 
facts; get them before you make 
your decision. 

Donald J. Connor 

---Quotables ---
D o not use power to suppress opinions YOll think per-

nicious, for if you do the opinions will suppress you . Do not 
fear to bc eccentric in opinion, for e\ ery opinion now 
accepted was o n ce eccentric. 

- Bertrand Russell 

Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice. 
- Barry Goldwater 

Governments never learn . Only people learn . 
- Milton Friedman 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral sludenls (64%·91%), after 
complellng all lhelr course work, remain 
wilh a dissertalion pending complelion 
indefinitely. Among these ABDs (All· But· 
the-Dissertation) are generally found the 
brighlesl and most creative candidales. 
AddreSSing Ihose alemenls involved in de-
laYing complelion, lhe workshop gUides 
partlcipanls, from beginning 10 following 
Ihrough and complebon, particularly after 
years olinactiVliy and regardless of where 
Ihey are In Ihe process. 

Call us lor workshop Inlormabon 
985-0426 

Posigraduale Group 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLL EGE 

STUDENT PROGR AM 

(' \1.1 . t " ,. m" I 
584·6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 amino Del Rio 

North #3 15 

July 1990 Special JHnmer Edition • The UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

AQUARIUM: Construction Begins 
CONTINUED FRCM PAGE 1 
trated the steel inside the concrete 
structure of the building, causing 
the concrete to crack. 

Theold aquarium-museum will 
be used for storage of marine col-
lections, Coll ins sa id, noting that 
"we've had a space problem with 
our collections for a long, long 
time." 

The building cost o f about $9 
million is being funded through 
private donations. 

The main contribut ion of $6 
mill ion came from the Stephen and 
Mary Bireh Foundation. 

The late Stephen Birch was a 
wealthy San Diego mining execu-
tive. 

An additional $500,000 is still 
needed to complete the educational 
exhibits program, Scripps Aquar-
ium-Museum Direc.or Don Wilkie 
said. 

"We' re going to be work ing 
really hard to get (the fund ingJ," 
Coll ins said. " Raising that much 
money is not easy." 

The access road, to be named 
Expedition Way, wi ll connect the 
aquarium· museum to North Tor-
rey Pines Road at a new inter ec-
tion to be constructed 450 feet 
northwest of the North Torrey Pines 
Roadfforrey Pines Road intersec-
tion, Collins said. 

He added that the fi rst layer of 

' Scripps Aquarium 
has served genera-
tions of San Diego 
students with educa-
tion programs over 
the past decades. 
The new facility will 
greatly enhance our 
efforts. , 

-Don Wilkie, 
Scripps Aquarium-

Museum Director 

asphalt is scheduled to be laid on 
the road next January. after which 
workers will take a I O-month break 
fro m road work to construct the 
building. 

In November 1991, the second 
layer of asphalt will be added to the 
road, prior to the initial occupancy 
of the aquarium-museum in Janu-
ary 1992, Collins said. 

According to Wilkie, the new 
facil ity will help educate local 
children about the ocean. 

"Its major goal is to increase 
understanding of the oceans and 
promote wise use of ocean re-

sources. Scripps Aquarium has 
served generations of San Diego 
students wi th education programs 
over the past decades. The new 
fac ility will greatly enhance our 
efforts," Wilkie said. 

At a meeting between Scripps 
officals and residents last month, 
several locals expressed fear that 
the construction project will harm 
their quality of li fe. 

Several graduate students com-
plained about early morning work 
that was scheduled to take place at 
a " tag ing area," where construc-
tion equipment would be stored, 
near Married Student Housing. 
They stated that their academic 
work often keeps them up late at 
night , making it inconvenient to be 
woken up by loud machinery a t 7 
a.m., the time when construction 
work would begin. 

As a result of graduate student 
concern , the staging area of the 
road construction was relocated 
from a site near Married Student 
Housing to an area 300 feet north-
west of the North Torrey Pines 
Roadfforrey Pines R oad intersec-
tion. 

"All the noisy activity has been 
moved to the new staging site .... 
The graduate students requested 
that we move it, and we re-
sponded ," Collins said. 

Res idents also wQrried that 

PACIRC BEACH: 
1447 Gamet Ave. 
~ COllEGE: 273-CUTS 
, .~ 6686 EI Cajon Blvd. 

At a meeting between Scripps officials and residents last month, several locals 
expressed fear that the construction project will harm their quality of life. 
construction trucks would increase 
traffic problems on La Jolla Shores 
Drive. 

Co nstruction officials re-
sponded that their trucks would 
not greatly increase traffic in the 
area. 

Some locals feel that Scripps 
has not been fully open with them 
concerning the construction. 

As Scripps and construction 
spokesmen looked on stiffly, one 
woman at the meeting sarcasti-
cally referred to the " idiot treat-
ment" she felt she was receiving 
from Scripps officals, whom she 
claimed were not giving her com-

plete information about the proj-
ect. 

Collins responded that Scripps 
is not giving anyone such treat-
ment. 

In a later interview, Collins said, 
"we are anxious to communicate 
with people in the area that are 
affected." 

There was al 0 inter-resident 
conflict at the meeting. 

Atone point a man loudly chided 
a woman who had disagreed with 
him about a point brought up in a 
previous meeting: "Don't correct 
me, ma 'am, you weren't even 
there!" 

----------------~ UCSD : 
Student: 

carl's Jr. Special I 
I I 
: BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I 
~w' \,0'-""" " 463-5052 OCEAN BEACH: 

4882 Newport Ave. 
HIUCREST: 222-3777 
409 University Ave. 
291-CUTS 

~f)Il2ITi Ut= ~T~ f7~l2MAI~ 
Just minutes from camPus in Holiday C..Ql4Cl 

SAN DIEGO'S MOST UNIQUE LIQUOR STORE 
- OUTSTANDING SelECTION OF FOREtGN AND DOMESTIC WINES. 

BEERS a LIQUORS • INTERNATIONAL a OUT-OF-STATE NEWSPAPEI1S 

GOURMET FOODS FROM HOMEMADE TO DECADENT 
.LOTTO . LOnERY -BU~ 'S SAN FRANCtSCO tCE CREAM PARLOR 

WE HA VE THE 8EST SELECnON IN SAN DIEGO 
.MOVIE RENTALS .POPCORN .tMPORTEO CHOCOLATES 

We acka e and shi 
FREE DELIVERY in La Jolla Golden Trian Ie 

area on all orders 0 

OPEN: SUN.·THUIIS, 6 am ·Mld .. FRI. ·SAT. 6 am -2 am 325t Holiday Court off Vilio La Jolla 455· 14 t 4 

: Bacon Cheeseburger : 
i ~FREE i 
I Valid at: 6788 Miramar Rd. I 
I Coupon expires Aug . 6, 1990. One offer per coupon. II I One coupoD per customer per visit. Not valid with cmy 
I other offer or dbcount. Price does not include tax. C!. r."'- J:r. I ©Carlltalcber Enterprises, Inc. 1990 ---;&.. . L _______________________ ~ 

-. 



FEATURES 
10 FEATURES 

• Former Astronaut 
Sally Ride Takes on 
New Challenges as a 
Physics Professor 
By RANoy DonNGA 
CONTIIl8UT1NG EDITOR 

While her work i now done on the ground, in a 
classroom, the exhilarating experience of shuttle 
launch will never leave the memory of former 
astronaut Sally Ride. 

"It's an awesome even!.. .. You all of a sudden 
appreciate that you have absolutely no control. The 
solid rockets light, and suddenly you' re not in control 
of the situation any more. That 's really a feeling, one 
doesn ' t forget," said Ride, now a physics professor at 
UCSD. 

In a rare interview at her Scripps Institute of 
Oceanography office overlooking the Pacific, Ride 
talked about her celebrity status, her work in the 
classroom and at the California Space Institute (Cal 
Space), and her memories of her shuttle tri.ps. 

Ride, 39, came to UCSD last year to teach physics 
and head Cal Space, a $3 .3 million space research 
institute with headquarters here. 

Seven years ago, Ride entered the history books 
when she panicipated in a mission of the space shuttle 
Challenger, becoming the first American woman in 
space. She rode on the shuttle again in 1984. 

' I love teaching 
and I love 
teaching phys-
ics .. __ It's really 
a challenge to 
be able to ex-
plain things to 
people in a way 
that they can 
understand 
them.' 

-Sally Ride 

Special Summer EditiOlJ • The UCSD Guardian July 1990 

' Teaching 
takes up an 
enormous 

amount of 
time and 
everybody 
recognIzes 
that, but un-
fortunately 
the world 
goes on.' 

PhoIo by GIll JohnIOll 
Sally Ride: "I think it's real important, especially for girls growing up, to be able to look. out ... and see 
examples of women doing everything, so that they know that they can do whatever they want to do .• 

-Sally 
Ride 

Her hi storic first shuttle ride made Ride a household 
name, but she is uncomfortable in the harsh glare of the 
public spotlight, and prefers to keep her notoriery to a 
minimum. 

Fame is "a part of the astronaut experience that wasn't 
what I wanted, or what I was looking for. I hadn't 
thought about it much before it happened, and it was 
something thatI've since tried to minimize," Ride said. 

"I've tried to get back to something that resembles a 
normal life and normal interactions with people. And I've 
been actually pretty successful in that." 

One step toward bringing her out of the limelight was 
returning to academic life. Ride, who received a Ph.D. in 
physics from Stanford Univer ity in 1978, explained that 
she planned to return to physics research and teaching 
even while she was involved with the pace program. 

" I joined NASA directly out of graduate school... . 
Even though I went to NASA in the astronaut program, 
which got me away from the un iversity environment and 
teaching and physics research, I'd always intended to go 
back to it." 

The astronaut was finally reunited with academia in 
Augu T 1987, when she left NASA to work as a physicist 
at Stanford's Center for International Security and Arms 
Controh. After a two-year stint there, she returned to he r 
native Southern California last summer and joined the 
UCSD faculty. 

One of Ride 's toughest challenges here has been bal-
ancing her two duties: physics professor and director of 
Cal Space. 

She said her work became especially difficult during 
Spring quarter of this year, when she taught her fir t 
under raduate class here, an introductory phy~ics cour e 
titled Physic~ 2B. 

"Teaching takes up an enormous amount of time 
and everybody recognizes that, but unfortunately the 
world goes on," Ride said. "And it's pretty difficult 
to ... keep up with things at Cal Space and do a rea-
sonable job of teaching." 

While Ride will likely not be teaching under-
graduates again until next spring, she said she hopes 
to eventually teach at all levels at UCSD: lower 
division, upper division, and graduate. 

" I love teaching and r love teaching phyics .... It 's 
really a Challenge to be able to explain things to 
people in a way that they can under tand them," Ride 
said. 

Most of Ride's time is currently spent on her 
duties as director of Cal Space, a UC-wide organiza-
tion which serves as a Iiais ion between the Universi ty 
of Califomia and space research centers. 

Ride said her goals for Cal Space include 
strengthening its links with space-related organiza-
tions such as the Jet Propu lsion Laboratory in 
Pasadena and developing research in " remote 
sensi ng," a process involving the u e of sensors in 
space to analyze the earth. 

SEE RIDE, PAGE 11 

July 1990 Special Summer Editiotl • The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 11 

21/2¢ Sale 21/2¢ Sale 
21/2¢ Sale 21/2¢ Sale 
21/2¢ Sale 21/2¢ Sale 
21/2¢ Sale 21/2¢ Sale 

[8.5"X11 " White , Auto-Fed Only) 

July 16t h - July 20 th 

457-3775 . 483-1852 
La Jolla Village Center 
(near Ralphs) 

Pacific Plaza II 
(near Soup Exchange) 

Pacific Beach La Jolla 

UCSD FITNESS 
SPECIAL 

./ 

ONLY $20 PER MONTH 
on a monthly basis 

STAIRMASTERS 
LIFE CYCLES 
CHILD CARE 

AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS·HOIST 

FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 3 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

BEING.FIT® 
3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

Clairemonl Squore Shopping Cenler neor Lee Wards·Behind Famous Footwear 

483·9294 
Also in SDSU area 698-1 702 

~ • SAAB 
ROBERT'S 
~ German, Swedish G Japanese Service 
All Work Fully Guaranteed _ Factory-Trained Specialists 

Mon.-Fri. 7 a m -5:30 p m 
Satur d ays 8 am-5 pm 

(619)275-1132 
4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

" Kaw"1dall MOI'OIGa 
We: ule and recommend 

Kendall /ubricllllt. 
to Our cu,tOnler6 

VISA • 

--------------------10% OFF on aU repairs* 
with this coupon 

- Ex pl molar anci trans",i,o;~WIl OL·erhaul. N Olualid wHit allY other COUPO" 

CLASSIFIEDS 
ANNOUNCEM&NTS 

PHILOSOPHER'S STONE - self·study group to 
share personal inquiry into identity and awareness. 
Free. 481 -4173. (7/2) 

HOST FAMILIES NEEDED FOR EUROPEAN 
VISITORS. SPONSORED BY NON·PROFIT 
ORGANIZATION. 59Hl353 (712) 

MASTERCARDNISA, Nodeposlt. no credll check 
Join the club. For more intormatlOn calt 586-1521. 
(712) 

Are you COLOR BLIND? II you are or think you are 
color defICient, you may eam $51hr partlCipallllg In 
color vision experiments. Contact Ethan. Dept. 01 
Psych. 534·2999. (816) 

SERVIC ES 

PER FECT PAPERS-UCSDgraduate with History 
degree and two years of copy editing experience at 
the Gvardianwill make your pap;lrs shine. Excellent 
grammar. spelling. editing skills at a reasonable 
prICe. Typing also available. Call Randy at 452· 
6471 or 425·2390. 

WORD PROCESSING - Any size job. pick up and 
delivery. 7 days a week. 454·9066. 536·9024 . (8/6) 

WORD PROCESSING. EDITING. $21page. free 
pickup and delivery. 7 days/Week. lrma 453·6282. 
f8/6) 

Olga Bari Electrologisl, 1200-1500 hairs per hour. 
3251 Holiday Coon. Studenl discounts. (619) 558· 
4644. (619) 22S·1962. (8/6) 

Don·t let Summer Session leave you out to dry. 
Qualified, experienced. and affordable wrrtlng tutor 
will help you with any wrrting assignment: Subjec1 
A. ESL, Muir Wnting. or ... Steve 942·81 79. (&6) 

Wanna piay? Learn piano without welted wrists. 
Eartraining. basic theory, sight reading, playing the 
songs you want to learn. Affable and affordable 
Steve 942·8179. (8/6) 

WANTED 

Marketing representallve for Fortune 500 
companies. p;ll1lfull time earn 51000 to $5000 per 
month. 272·2776. 436-2305. (8/6) 

Part Time Work with full time income can be yours 
With a phenomenal business of your own. SelVice 
industry (travel. tong distance, resons) backed by 
an explosive growth Calrfornia Company. ColTlllete 
tra ining and support. For an appi. call 759-7380. (51 
31·712) 

JOBS JOBS JOBS. UCSD .... nnual Fund needs 
enthusiastK: caners. 57thr. fte~lble shifts. on campus. 
587·1585. (8/6) 

ACTRESSESIACTORS: AUDITIONS FOR UCSD 
VIDEO PRODUCTION PRODUCED BY OFFtCE 

OF LEARNING RESOURCES· TELEVISION -
JULY 12. 1990. CALL BETH 534-4134. (712) 

Subjects needed for experiments on Music 
Perception. $10 per session. Each session lasts for 
1 hour. Must be prepared to come for at least 3 
sessions. Subjects should be (a) born and raised in 
England (e.g . VISiting students from England) or 
(b) born and raised In U.S. and between ages 35-
50. Call Professor Diana Deutsch at 534-4615. or 
wrrte 10 Prof. Diana Deutsch. Dept. of Psychology, 
C-009. (712) 

PEER COUNSELORS Psychological and 
Counseling ServiceS has p;lid positions for Fall ·90. 
Apply to Career SeIVIC9S for Alcohol and Substance 
Abuse(Job#11087). Lesbran and Gay (Job#11086) 
and Recover from Eabng DISorders (Job #11073) 
programs. Volunteer poslllOns open In Women's 
peer program. Contact Dr. Juarez. 534-3875. (8/6) 

WANTED: Infant care In my Del Mar home. Mon. & 
Wed., own car. Start 6/23. 755·6172. (7/2) 

OUTSTANDING SUMMER OPPORTUNITY -
Campus Connection has immediate poSitions 
available in advertiSing sales for ambitious students. 
Gain great business experience. earn up to $4000 
and powerhouse your resume as the Sales & 
Marketing Director for your schooi"s editIOn. You'll 
receive extensIVe training, matenals, and support 
working for the natlOn's top college magazine. 
Ednonal position also available. (800)342·5118. (7/ 
2) 

RoomIT ray SeIVIC9 - retirement home, will trarn, 
fleXible hours. meals and uniform included. Can 
Paulette 450-5271 (712) 

PART nME. Here's a ternrlC opportunity to provide 
a selVice over 751Tl11lron people want: Mastercard! 
Visa. No credit checks No deposils. For more 
informatIOn call 586-1521 (7,2) 

IN SAN DIEGO THIS SUMMER? EARN $100. 
Need 20 healthy nght·hanoed Caucasian males for 
eyeblink reflex study Requires 3 weekday visitS 
over a 3-4 week penod. Call 543·2496. (712, 

SPAIN STUDY ABROAD - College Credit. 
University of Salamanca. live With Spanish family. 
AcademIC programs available year-round. Free 
Brochure. CONTACT' BSA. 2802 E. Madison. 
SulteNI60, Seattle. WA98112 .(206)726-1498. (81 
6) 

Sales people needed Local bUSiness needs 
confident. outgOing fnendly people to place honor 
systems Need own transportation. Flexible hours. 
part time wort< wi full time Income. SNAK RACK. 
755·8474. Leave message. (7/2) 

V,sion: Individuals wilh normal vision needed for 
research at the Eye Center on campus, Glasses 
and contacts OK. Receive eye exam and $5Ihr .. 
Call Dr. Sample at 534-6629. (712) 

FOR SALE 

LEATHER BOOK BAG. Broken·in classic. Just ten 
bucks. Call Jennifer 792·5870. (712) 

FOR SALE: 2100·watt amps. 3·way crossovers, 
and KK:ker Box, Over $1 000 value. $600 abo. John 
@ 558·3780. (8/6) 

Futon & 4'posilion frame - 5100 unused I Next to 
campus. Can deliver. 587'()709. (816) 

HOUSING 

ROOMMATE NEEDED. Aug. 1 st. Normal Heights-
20 minutes from campus, 5287.50. Call 534-4637 
(M·F). Ask for Linda. 

Del Mar: Master bedroom With bathroom fOf two. 
fully furnished, washer, dryer. TV, VCR, close to 
beach and shopping center. Beautiful lake 
surroundings. Available Sept IS. $2501person, Call 
259-9 121. (9124) 

Senior reLree wishes to assist mature. reliable. 
studious male medical student with free private 
room. partial board. garage, in exchange for some 
companionship. 282·8612. (8/6) 

Need roommate, clean. no p;lrty. $300 + 1/3 utilities. 
Summer school to '91 academIC year. Brian 536· 
m2. (7I2) 

Female non·smoking roommate wanted to share 
large master bedroom In 28/2 112 bath condo in La 
Jolla Village Park. All amenities, WID , garage. poot. 
tennis/racquetball. spa, and r In roommates! 
Avallabte9/1: $287.50/month plus 1/4 utilities. Call 
Chrlslln (81 8) 340-2148. (816) 

Room for rent in brand new Mira Mesa condo. Male 
nonsmoker. Cathedral ceilings. bright, spacious. 
Washer aoo dryer, quiet local IOn. Recreatlonaf 
facilities. $300/mo. Tom 587·2154 (712) 

2 rooms available In a really nICe 4 bedroom house 
located in University Crty only 8 minutes from 
UCSD. Rent $375 per month (Includes utilities, 
washer and dryer) Greal location In qUiet 
neighborhood ciose to shopping. bus lines, and the 
5, 805. and 52 freeways. I am a graduate student 
looking for two mature. responSible male or female 
roommates. Sorry no smokers, drugs or pets. 
Contact John at 453·7159. (7/2) 

La Jolla, Avail. now. 1 BRcondo near UCSD. ldeat 
InveslmentforUCSDsludentorstaff. Walk·lnclosel. 
Ig. bath, KIt. Includes db!. oven. OW, disp., refrlg. 
FP In living room. patIO. carport. serene enVIronment, 
privacy, view of paril . Poolwnh JacuzzI. $117,900. 
454·5232. (712) 

PERSONALS 

B.P. - The new batch will miSS you I!! l.M.P. (7/2) 

Futon & 4'posltron frame - $100 unused I Nexl to 
campus. Can deliver. 587'()709. (816) 

Happiness is-· being Ihe first. .• and last. .. and in 
between ... (712). 

RIDE: Professor Teaches at UCSD 
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1 0 

"There's a very large effort at 
NASA which we'd like to be part 
of, to try to use the expenise that 
NASA has gained [involving 
remote sens ing) to look back at 
earth and try to understand orne of 
the global processes on earth. ,. 

The sc ientist had ample time to 
analyze the earth from afar during 
hertwo huttle trips, and she fond ly 
remembt:rs the varying views of 
the planet. But no one perspective 
sticks in her mind, "because each 
view is spectacular and different 
from the others." 

In addition to ob ervi ng the 
earth, Ride helped launch a com-
munications satellite and operated 
a robot arm in the shuttle's cargo 
bay during her first shuttle flight. 

On her second mission, she 
launched a scientific satellile and 
wa tched us Kathryn Sullivan, an 
elementary-school c Ia smate, be-
came Ihe fir t merican woman to 
walk in space. Ride \Va in charge 
of scientific experiments during 
both trip. 

Allhough ' huttle astronauts 
pend hundreds of hours in imu-

lator , Ride said three u~pect of 
her shuttle trips - launch, reentry . 

and weightlessness - could not 
be fully duplicated on the ground. 

"All of tho e thing were in a 
sense unexpected," Rideexplained. 
"They're unique and you can't 
simulate them on earth ... you just 
experience them." 

Ride said that weightlessness, 
oddly, does not "feel" any differ-
ent than earth gravity. "Physio-
logically, there' s no difference. 
Your body feels normal, but the 
difference is that you're floating 
and you ' re ki nd of upside down. 
You don ' t think you shou ld be 
feeling this normal, but YOll are." 

Ride laughed as she recalled 
that many a tronauts try to" wim" 
while weightless, but soon find 
that to be a fruitless activi ty. 

.. wimming docsn't work, and 
ii's really funny because 
everybody 's first instinct is to try 
to wim through the room, and that 
doe n't worl,.:· he explained. "You 
try it twice, and il doe~n't work 
either time, and you learn you've 
got to push off things." 

In 1986, Ride wrote a book for 
children about her shuttle experi-
ences, titled "To pace and Buck." 
]n it, she wrote that he "wanted to 

be an astronaut because I thought it 
would be a challenging opportu-
nity . It was; it was also an experi-
ence that I shall never forget." 

While she enjoyed putting to-
gethe r the book, she admi tted that 
wri ting is a difficult task for her. 
surprising words from a woman 
who majored in Engli h literature, 
in addi tion to phy ics, while an 
undergraduate at Stanford. 

" I ' m a mediocre writer, and to 
achieve mediocrity I have to spend 
a lot of time at it," Ride said. 

While Ride said she did not 
become an astronaut in order to be 
a female role model, she is not 
bothered by the fac t that many 
girls who read her book will be 
impre ed by her achievement . 

" ] think it' real importan t, 
especially for girls growing up, to 
be able to look out... and see ex-
amples of women doing every-
thing, so that they know that they 
can do whatever the-y want to do. 

"There' no reason that you 
can't do it, no reason legally, 
morally, ethically, or profession-
ally .... It's just a matter of putting 
in the time and effort to open the 
door." 

-

-



tU1-tmer Editio,~ 1990 - The U SD Guardian July 1990 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER 
We've Got A Great A'Hifudel 

~~.;'LOWERS 
say it best. 

• Wide selection oj fresh cut floral arrangemem 

• Corsages. boutonnieres, balloon bouquets 

• Friendly service, UCSD tudem Discounts 

LA JOLLA FLOWER BASKET 
5555 VilU! La Jolla Drive 

In [he Ralph's Cencer CALL TODAY: 455·5545 Toll Free NationWIde: 1-800-882-3323 

•............... _-.r;_ ~. 
: UeSD SPECIAL! ~ 

AS ,.sual 

~ ~ ~ 
"OIl'" M.Th 11om·Mi<!· 

110m' 10m 

<~ •• a warm, party 
atmosphere ... 

for serious pizza 
eaters ... " 

Jack While, Channel 10 
restaurant critic 

~~-' ~~agO I 
Pi7.l.ena 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• F·Sot. ",./IIi<! Sun. 11 :300 Tired oj the same 0/ ' cardboard pizza? • 

• Call Bj's fo r gourmet quality. • 
. I.----------r.---------~. · : $I~!M!~. : $2!.~!!. : : 
I I IJkY/W ,,""""'1,1 ,",,",~ 1tI , .. Ixm (Jr+kTlng I 1'k<t4W /JI'I.'Wnt coufAJ'tr ,,,Ix.,, (""'/(."';"8 I I 

. L_~~~cr~JOlla __ L_~~P~~uJo~-~ : 
[,CSD's U /iI<IIW( Pizzenu is 8873 villa u]oUa Dr. s~:lltbebestl 1"",.~fi'}O 455·0662 • 

•••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Majors 
Aaron Brothers Aft Mart 
Ralphs 
Sav.Qn 

455-5908 
45~840 
457-4390 

Apparel & Accessories 
Clothestime 453·7650 
Pacrlic Eyes & fs 53~365 

financial 
Beverly HiHs Savings 
Home Federal 
Secunty PacifIC 

452-5660 
45~44() 
455-0318 

Foads & Restaurants 
Aesop's Tabies 455-1535 
B.J:s Chicago Pizzena 455-0662 
SamSon's Restauranl 455·1 461 

~~ 
It's easy, just COIR8 In (no Ippoillb •• nt) 
and bike tile next available stylist 

only $11 
Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haircut. Blow dry and 
styling $4 extra. Full service 
prices reg. $21·$26. 
Standby fares are subject to 
availability of stylists. To 
Insure faster service, it 's 
best to come on weekdays. 

8843 La Jolla Village Dr. 
near Ralph's & Sav{)n 

~= .... 
Visit These Fine 
RETAIUR5 

Taco Time 453-8818 
TGIFriday's 455-0880 

Gift & Specialty 
Card Party 452·1605 
Crown Books 450-0577 
La Joila Flower Baskel 455·5545 
Radio Shack 457-4095 

Health & Beauty 
Great Earth Vitamins 452·9775 
Young Attitudes Hair Graphics 457·3334 
Hom. Fumi,hi"fl' A Acc ... orl., 
HomePiace 450-1811 
Stroud's Unen Warehouse 457-0525 

Thea""s 
Pacific Theatres 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 

21/2¢ Sale 21/2¢ Sale 21/2¢ 
Sale 21/2¢ Sale 21/2¢ Sale 

457-3775 ~~ tz,O '\~)' ~ 
lU~ [8.S"x11" White, Auto·F~ Onty] La Jolla Village Center Near Ralphs· La Jolla 

Taste The Real Difftrence™ 
Ralph's Convenience Center at 

La Jolla Village Drive 
JUST 3 MINUTES FROM CAMPUSI 

,--------------
son TACO SUPREME 

or 
COMBINATION BURRITO 

with your choice of Mexi-Fries, 
rice or crustos, and a 

J6-oz. soft drinkfor V.BO. 

La Jolla VIllage S.uare 
Den'a' Group OIlers Tou: 

• COSMETIC BONDING • VISA OR MASTERCARD 

~• EVENING APPTS. • INSTANT iNSURANCE • STEREO HEADPHONES EVALUATION • NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS , • 24-HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• ORAL SURGERY fOR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRACTION 

-------------------------

EXAM & X-RAYS 
ONLY 

~ 109. 549 10 
Include.: X·Roy •• Orol Conee< exom ond Privole COI1lUhanon. Expi'" 8/6/90. 

Offered 10: Students, Faculty and Sluff at UCSD 

-------------------------DAVID s. EsHOM D.D.S. 
Member: ADA, CDA, SDCDS 

8861 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suih! 501 
(behind Radio shock I 455·9151 

455-6770 
453-7711 
453·3443 
457·3775 
455·1664 
455-Q071 
450-11 13 
450·1554 

453-7622 

At the northeast corner of 
Villa La Jolla and 
Nobel Drives 

Open from lOam 
Monday through Saturday 
from noon on Sunday 

INSIDE ... SPO~TS 
UCSD Clips ................. 2 
Opinion ....................... .4 
Features ...................... 6 
Classifieds ................... 9 
Sports ..... ... ..... ... .... .... 10 

University of California 
at San Diego 

Not Quite Like 
Summer Camp 
Chargers train at UCSD/6 

The UCSD 

USA Edged By 
USSR in W. Polo 
Soviets win at Canyonview/10 

August 1990 
Summer tssue #2 

Spending Freeze to Continue 
• UCSD Administrators Await Impact of California State Budget 
By Randy Dotlnga 
Senior Staff Writer 

The seven-week-old spending freeze at UCSD will likely 
continue for a few more weeks, as university administrators 
analyze the recently signed state budget, a campus official 
said last week. 

" If something is essential and needed for instruction" it 
will be funded, said Gerard Sasek, assistant vice chancellor 
of tesource management for Academic Affairs. "If you need 
a business form to do business , it's essential." 

"We're not try ing to tie departments ' hands so they can't 
do their business," Sasek added. Even so, Woods said the 
freeze is "causing difficulty for people. It makes it harder for 
people to plan and get approval" for expenditures. 

"The freeze is continuing and will continue until the 
impact of the governor's budget is known on the campus. 
But that will take a little while," said John Woods, associate 
vice chancellor of resource management. 

The freeze has affected "a lot of routine things. Basic 
supplies haven ' t been ordered. We're making do," he added. 

Chancellor Richard Atkinson ordered the freeze on June 
IS, citing concerns about the state budget and the possibility 
of severe reductions in university funding. The freeze ap-
plies to all expenditures, from supplies and equipment to 
travel and filling of vacant positions. 

The freeze has also had a major impact on the travel plans 
of administrators, who have been compelled to curtail many 
business trips. 

"I personally haven ' t taken some trips I would have oth-
erwise," Woods said. 

Campus officials say that while the freeze has resulted in 
a lot of belt tightening, funding essential to the operation of 
the campus has not been affected. 

Exceptions te;> the spending freeze can only be made with 
the approval of senior administrators. But Sasek said depan-
ments are making most of the decisions about what ex pen-

UC Makes 
Plans for 
The 1 Oth 
Campus 
• Central California 
Targeted at July 20 
UC Regents Meeting 
By Rand~' Ootlnga 
Senior Staff Writer 

The University of California is 
currently searching for the perfect 
site to build the 10th UC campus. 

The UC narrowed its search 
considerably on July 20 when the 
UCRegents, meeting in Santa Cruz, 
stipulated that eight Central Valley 
sites will proceed to the next step in 
the site selection process. 

The sites, chosen out of 75 con-
sidered, are located in Stanislaus, 
Tuolomne , Merced , Madera, 
Fresno, and Tulare counties. The 
rural sites are located in an area 
between Modesto and PonerviLle, 
with foursitescl\lstered near Fresno. 

According to UC spokesman 
Rick Malaspina, the regents decided 
in February that the next UC cam-
pus would be located in the Central 
California region. 

"It 's really based on serving that 
region better as a whole. It 's the 
fastest growing region of the state 
without a UC campus," he aid. 

Educational statistics also played 
a role in the choice of the region. 
While eight percent of high school 
graduates from Nonhern and South-
ern Cali fornia attend UC campuses, 
only four percent of graduates from 
the central region do so, a cording 
to Malaspina. 

"We think it's imponant to work 
to increase that attendance. The need 
is g reatest there," Malaspina said. 

THE NEXT UC CAMPUS 
• Eight preferred sites in 

Central California D Mape' s Ranch 
mOon Pedro 

The new campus will cost sev-
eral hundred million dollars to build 
and is expected to open in 1998. 
Initial enrollment is anticipated to 
be over I ,()(x), with an increa e to 
7,000 by 2005. 

The UC began its search for a 
place to build a 10th campus, needed 
because of increased enrollment 
statewide, last summer when con-
sultants were instructed to look for 
potential sites. 

In February, the UC Regents put 
off discussion about the 11 th and 
12th campuses (likely to be built in 
the northern and southern areas of 
the state) until a later date. 

The next tep in the 10th campus 
site selection process will occur over 
the next few months, as the eight 
sites are evaluated and public fo-
rum are held to addre community 
con ern . The eight site will be 
pared down to two or three by 
November and a final choice will 

ED Lake Yosemite 
D Table Mountain 
mAcademy 

m Watts Valley 

C B.ktr.,l. ld 

Mel Marcelo/Guardian 

I ikely be made in late 1991. 
However, UC Pre ident David 

Gardner cautioned that the site se-
lection process is contingent upon 
ufficient UC funding in the state 

budget, which was signed into law 
by Governor George Deukmejian 
on July 31. 

Money allocated to the UC in the 
state budget " wi,1I be critical" in 
regard to the planning of the 10th 
campus, Malaspina said, adding that 
university officials are not yet sure 
how the newly signed state budget 
will affect the UC. 

Criteria u ed to judge ites in the 
selection process included the demo-
graphics of the ite areas , availabil-
ity of transponation and hou ing, 
the appearance and appeal of the 
sites, the quality of the land, and 
public up port, according to Malas-
pina. 

Many Central Valley residents 
Stle REGENTS, Page 8 

ditures to cut, because 
"they wouldn ' t ask for 
things if they weren't 
essential. We're trying 
to get them to make 
those decisions." 

Some of the biggest 
savings caused by the 
freeze have come from 

Richard Atkinson ordered 
spending freeze on June 15. 

the cessation of hiring for non-essential vacant positions. 
UCSD pays approximately $35 million in salaries each 
month. 

But because many gardening and custodial vacancies 
cannot be filled, the freeze has had an effect on the appear-
ance of the campus, said John Hug, assistant vice chancel-
lor of Physital Plant Services. 

"We've had to stop doing things [and change] how often 
See FREEZE, Page 8 

Central Library 
Front Doors Shut 
For Construction 
By Phil Gruen 
Senior Staff Writer 

On Aug. 6, the front doors of Central Library will be 
officially closed and locked for at least one year to make 
room for funher construction of the Central Library Addi-
tioll. The new entrance is located on the opposite end of the 
library, leading into the first floor. 

The new entrance is accessible to pedestrians from a new 
pathway running parallel to a recently built service road, 
both originating from John Jay Hopkins Drive on the nonh 
side of the library. Posted signs and a footpath surrounding 
the construction area will direct library users to the new 
front entrance. 

The first floor of the library has been rearranged to 
provide the necessary service familiar to the conventional 
entrance. Four Melvyl terminals have been relocated, a 

sate!lit~ circulation desk has been installed to handle check-
in and check-out of materials, and an information desk 
whose staff will answer questions about the location of li-
brary collections and services has been added. The refer-
ence desk remains in its present location, and the second 
floor circulation desk deals with reserves, billing, inter-
library loans, and library cards. 

Current periodicals, microforms, and newspapers stay 
on the first floor, but their location has been changed. 
Tammy Dearie, chair of the Library Renovation Construc-
tion Committee, explained that the inner west wall of the 
first floor, currently barren, will be decorated with pictures 
and chans of the construction as it proceeds. 

Construction of the addition, which began in March and 
urrounds the east, south, and west sides of the library, 

along with the future renovation of the library's existing 
structure, is slated to continue until May of 1992. 

"The entire building will be renovated," said Mike 
Mogelinski, facilities project manager for the library. " But 
we don't anticipate ever closing." 

.The renovation and relocation will include moving a 
good deal of what i in the library into the two-floor 
addition. The first floor will hold pan ofthe collection from 
the Science and Engineering Library, government docu-
ment and map , and the mu ic, slide, photo, and vi ual art 
collection. The econd floor will hold the other part of the 
science and engineering collection, in addition to periodi-
cals, microform ,reference, pecial collection , re erves, 
and the reference de k. 

See ADDITION, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

"'(-.( 0 ': co 

--------------------------~~ ~< UCSD f ) 
CLIPS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 

P&L, TLH Buildings 
Will Be Renamed 

UCSD's Psychology and Linguistics Building(p&L) 
and Third College Lecture Hall (TLH) will bear new 
nameplates in the near future. 

At its July 20 meeting, the UC Regents approved the 
UCSD Naming Committee's recommendation to re-
name P&L as William J. McGill Hall and lLH a s 
Faustina Solis Hall. Although an exact date has not 
been given, Associate Chancellor Roy Ritchiesaid that 
he expects the nameplates to be changed by the time 
students return to school in the fall . 

UCSD' s seven-member naming comminee, chaired 
by Muir College Provost Patrick Ledden, chose to 
rename P&L in honor of former Chancellor William J . 
McGill, who served in that capacity from 1968-70. 
McGill left UCSD in 1970 to become president of 
Columbia University, but returned after 10 years and 
took up a position as an adjunct professor in UCSD's 
Psychology Department, where he currently remains. 

McGill earned his Ph.D. in Psychology from Har-
vard University, and has been b estowed with numerous 
awaldl' and honors during his academic tract. Among 
the e honors include an appointment to the American 
Academy of Arts in 1972, the Gold Medal of the 
National Ins titute of Social Science in 1980, the Alex-
ander Ham ilton Medal fmm Columbia, and the Revelle 
Medal from UCSD. 

TLH will be renamed in honor of Faustina Solis, 
who held the position of Third College provost from 
1981-88 and took over the duties of assistant chancellor 
for affirmative action during that time period. Solis 
reli nquished her responsibilites in 1988 to return to 
teaching in UCSD's Departme nt of Community and 
Family Medicine, which she originally joined in 1971. 
She retired from UCSD in 1989 , recognized as a leader 
in the community health care fie ld . 

Solis' contributions to community health care in-
clude the ini tiation of a program to address the health 
needs of migratory workers while she served as director 
forthe StateofC8lifomiaDepartmentofPublic Health's 
Fann Workers ' Health Service. This program was later 
adopted by many other states. 

Solis, who earned degrees from both UCLA and 
USC and has been the recipient of many awards and 
honors , was named the Outstanding Mexican-Ameri-
can Woman in California in 1965, and received tbefirst 
National Award for contributions to Latino leaciership 
in 1989. 

- Phil Gruen 

GuISil)IAN 
SUMMER ISSUE 112 STAFF 

PHIL GRUEN: Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN: Managing Editor 

BEN BOYCHUK: Opinion Editor 
LES BRUYOLD: Associale Sports Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN: Sports Editor 
JAMES COLLIER: Design Edilor 
RANDY DOTINGA: Senior SIBff Wriler 
BILL DOWLER: Copy Editor 
KENT KORZON: Associate Copy Edi tor 
MEL MARCELO: Assoclete Graphics Editor 
BRIAN MORRtS: Associate Photo Editor 
RIMAS UZGIRIS: Photo Edllor 
CHRtS ZAHARIAS: Staff Writer 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Manl1ger 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising ()Itslgner 

Tho UCSD GJ;vrJan $ pubIoshed Mondays. Wednesdays and Fndays dur'ng ItlO .... 
clemlC yeal and lWlCe dUf"'J ItlO $ummtl by and to< II1f sludelllS 01 UCSD. Reproal.Ct.orI 
0I 1hoS newspapel It\anylorm. whlthef "'_ or "part. WltIlouI p8fmlSSOQll is .... ttypro-
hIboted ClI990.alI"ghtsllS8fVtd 
Tho UCSDGlJIIfd,amsr<JIlesponslble lor the rotum 01 unsolocned mlW1USCIIjX£OI 811. The 
votws txp<_ ,n graplloes and S"lned 1_. or commeolar· .. :10 nol neceSSa'O) 1'1> 
Itsanllht opon.ons 01 ThoUCSD G.aIdan tho Urovorsoty 01 Calol"""". or II1f Assoc~tod 
Studef1ts 01 UCSD W._ to modsummer. 

Phon, 
Ed110'1.r; 5J.4-658() 
Bulin"'; 534·3466 

F • ., 534-7691 

UCSD GUMdfan . 8-016, La Joll., CA 92093 

The U CSD Guardian August 1990 

.•• UCSD NEWS 

Santos AppOinted as Dean of UCSD's New School of Architecture 
Philadelphia architect and University of Pennsylvania 

Profes"vrof Architecture and Urban Design Ad~le Naud~ 
Santos was recently selected to head UCSD's new School 
of Architecture. 

Santos ' appointment followed an international search 
by an I8-person group comprised of professionals repre-
senting San Diego's architectural community, in addition 
to faculty and staff from three UC campuses. 

In an article printed in tbe August edition of the UCSD 
Times, Santos, upon acceptingtbe appointment , was quoted 
assaying, "J believe it is essential to create a new model for 
architecture education at this time, one which is more 
responsive to toe changing social , environmental and 

technical issues facing our profession. UCSD, as a major 
research university set in a growing dynamic city, can be 
the perfect place to challenge the architectural status quo." 

She added that the school should focus on what archi-
tecture can do to help solve societal and environmental 
problems. 

"The curriculum, while conveying essential technical 
and historical knowledge, also should nourish creativity 
and challenge the students intellectually to use their tech-
nical and analytic skills to solve problems in the wider 
public' context," she said. 

Santos, who has two masters degrees, also has a private 
practice in archictecture and urban design. 

MacArthur Fellowship Awarded to Professor Michael S. Schudson 
UCSD Professor of Communication and Sociology Mi-

chael S. Schudson was chosen to receive'a MacArthur Fel-
lowship from the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur 
Foundation in July. 

Schudson is the seventh UCSD faculty member to be 
awarded a MacArthur Fellowship, a $270,000 tax-free 
award spread over a five-year period. 

Scbudson will be permitted to use the funds in any way 

he wishes. 
Schusdon, 43, has taught at UCSD since 1981. 
Until 1989, in addition to teaching in both the UCSD's 

Communication and Sociology departments, Schudson 
served as the chairman of the Department of Communica-
tion. 

He received his Ph.D. in sociology from-Harvard Uni-
versity in 1976. 

Wollberg Elected President of Alumni Association Board of Directors 
Gary Woliberg, a graduate of UCSD' s Muir College 

and Boalt Hall Law School at UC Berkeley, was recently 
elected to a two-year term as president of tbe UCSD 
Alumni Association's board of directors. 

Wol1berg has been a member of the UCSD Alumni 
board for the past six years, and bas served on the execu-
tive commitee for the past three years. 

While an undergraduate, Wollberg was the founding 
chainnan of the UCSD Pre-Law Education Association. 
Currendy, WolJberg is an attorney in a San Diego law firm, 

and he specializes in corporate finance and securities. 
The Alumni Association offers to members a number 

,of benefits, including a newsletter, a campus quarterly 
magazine, UCSD library priveleges, discounted fees for 
on-campus computer time, free language lab use, dis-
counts on UCSD Extension courses and travel discounts. 

The Alumni Association also holds an annual awards 
event at which it recognizes outstanding alumni, distin-
guished faculty, and person who have displayed out-
standing service to the university. 

+ MEDICAL NEWS 
Kaplan New President of UCSD 
Cancer Center Foundation 

Maurice C. Kaplan of Rancho SantaFe has been elected 
president of the UCSD Cancer Center Foundation for the 
1990-91 term, replacing three-term president, Rear Admi-
ral David M. Rubel, U.S. Navy (retired). 

The UCSD Cancer Center, as one of only 40 federally 
designated and supported clinical research cancer centers 
nationwide, is able to both conduct basic cancer research in 
the laboratory and provide state-of-the-art bedside cancer 
treatment. 

"This is a tremendously exciting time for the UCSD 
Cancer Center, and I look foward to working with Maury 
as we continue to expand the center's size, scope and ac-
cessability to the community," said Gerard N. Burrow, 
M.D., dean of the UCSD School of Medicine. 

McClay Receives Grant to 
Continue Work With Melanoma 

Dr. Edward McClay, director of the Melanoma Clinic at 
the UCSD Cancer Center, received a grant from the Na-
tional Cancer Institute to conduct a clinical trial of patients 
with melanoma. 

McClay was awarded the grant due to his documented 
success in the treatment of melanoma, or skin cancer, 
whose malignant form is doubling every ten to fifteen 
years. 

Of the more than 120 patients he has treated at UCSD 
and hi s previous facility in Pennsylvania, McClay has 
achieved a response in 50 percen! of the pati~nts treated, 
with 20 percent having a complete response to therapy. 

Volunteers Sought to PartiCipate 
In Eight-Week Depression Study 

UCSD researchers studying a new anti-depressant 
medication need male and female volunteers, age 18 to 65, 
to participate in an eight-week study. 

To be eligible, volunteers must be in good general 
health but experiencing symptoms of depression, such as 
increased appetite and weight gain, fatigue, lack of energy 
and increased sleepiness. 

Participants will receive a physical examination, anti-
depressant medication, and follow-up in weekly clinic 
visits at no charge. 

For further information, call Angie Drake at UCSD 
Psychiatric Services, 299-3510, ext. 642. 

Regents OK Endowed Chair in 
Cancer Research at UCSD 

The University of California Regents recently ap-
proved the establishment of an endowed chair in cancer 
research at the UCSD School of Medicine. 

The Evelyn and Edwin Tasch Endowed Chair in Can-
cer Research was established with a pledge of $250,000 
from Evelyn Ta.sch in memory of her husband, Edwin, 
who died of lung cancer late last year. 

"My husband was a beneficiary of truly magnificent 
care at the UCSD Cancer Center," Tasch said. "I feel 
pri"eleged to endow this first chair in cancer, and do so 
with the hope that it will contribute to future advances in 
treating this terrible disease." 

Lung cancer is the nation 's nurnberone cause of cancer 
death in men and women. 

SPOTLIGHT 

Acclaimed Chamber Music Festival at Mandeville on Aug. 26 
UCSD students and faculty with proper identification will receive discounts to selected concerts in the Acclaimed 

Chamber Music Festival , SummerFest '90, sponsored by the La Jolla Chamber Music Society. 
The festival will be held at Sherwood Audi.torium in La Jolla on August 24, 25, and 28. It will be held at Mandeville 

Auditorium, UCSD campus, on August 26. 
Tickets for SummerFest '90 vary by performance from $15 - $25 forthe general public, and from $1 0 - $20 for UCSD 

students and faculty . 
SummerFest '90 features 31 renowned international musicians, including Andre Previn, composer; Emanuel Ax , 

piano; Cho-Liang Lin, violin; Caner Brey, cello; and olhers. 

August 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

San Diegans Will Vote on the 
Source of UCSO's Lab Animals 
• Animal Rights 
Groups Opposed 
To Measure, Claim 
Public is Being 
Misled by Media 
By Kent Korzon 
Senior Staff Writer 

The San Diego County Board 
of Supervisors has placed an advi-
sory measure on the November 
ballot to determine if citizens fa-
vor the continued sale of pound 
animals from county shelters to 
UCSD. 

The measure comes in the wake 
of a storm of prote~t by such ani-
mal rights groups as Stop Taking 
Our Pets and San Diego Animal 
Advocates (SDAA), but its place-
ment on the ballot is opposed by 
these groups, who claim the public 
is being misled. 

The text of the measure reads, 
"Should the County of San Diego 
continue to provide pound ani-
mals for medical research to seek 
cures for diseases such as heart 
disease, lung disease and diabe-
tes? 

"Such animals to be strictly 
limited to those already scheduled 
to be destroyed after remaining 
unidentified and unclaimed 
through a waiting period which 
exceeds statutory requirements." 

While it is not mentioned, the 
only research institution which 

buys pound animals in San Diego 
is UCSD, which has obtained them 
since 1967. 

[n 1989, 526 dogs were pur-
chased from San Diego County 
animal shelters by UCSD for $50 
each, and 324 have been bought in 
1990 for $58 each. 

Dr. Stuart Zola-Morgan, the 
chainnan ofUCSD's animal sub-
jects committee, said, "The board 
decided on its own [to place the 
measure) ... it's not a university ini-
tiative, and not an animal rights 
initiative." 

Currently , the animals are being 
taken only from the South Bay 
shelter. In an interview reported in 
the San Diego Union, Sally Haz-
zard, the county 's animal control 
director, said that most North 
County cities, including Solana 
Beach, Del Mar, Encinitas, 
Carlsbad, Vista, San Marcos, and 
Poway, asked the county to give 
them written nOlice before chang-
ing the policy to include animals 
from their shelters. 

This request prompted County 
Supervisor John MacDonald to 
propose the measure in an effort to 
detennine where the majority of 
the voters lies on the issue. 

Zola-Morgan supports the 
measure as an "effective measure 
of opinion. General polls show over 
70 percent of the population be-
lieve that animals are needed for 
research," he said. 

Animal rights groups openly 
oppose the measure, charging that 
the true issue has been clouded. 

Jane Cartmill, speaking for 
SDAA, said, "[The measure) is 
represented as a vote on animal re-
search. This is not a vote on ani-
mal research. This is a control 
issue." 

Cartmill feels that the measure 
has been presented to the public as 
a vote on animal research by the 
media, when it is really a vote on 
where the animals are obtained. 

Dogs are sold by companies 
that provide lab animals to other 
area research institutions, though 
the price of these animals is much 
higher than those obtained from 
animal shelters. 

Articles from local papers sup-
port her claim. Under the head-
line, "Vote sought on animal re-
search," the San Diego Union 
(Tue. J ul y 24) reported that rhe 
measure would "guage voters' 
approval of use of animals for 
medical research." 

Cartmill and other animal rights 
activists feel that in light of this 
coverage, the public will not know 
what it is voting for. 

Sally Mackler, also with 
SDAA, said that while voters may 
support research, " no one who has 
brought an animal to a county 
shelter has ever checked the box 
volunteering the animal for re-
search." 

The new entrance to the library is now open on the opposite side 
of the building, and will be in operation for at least a year. 

ADDITION 
Continued from page 1 

On Aug. 2, the construction 
forced the permanent closure of 
parking lot 501 on the east side of 
the library. 

The project has already seen the 
removal of a number of eucalyptus 
trees, and the remaining trees on 
the south side near the traditional 
entrance "will be cleared within a 
month or so," according to Boone 
Hellmann, assistant vice chancel-
lor for UCSD's Facilities, Design, 
and Construction Department. A 
tree that has already been removed 

is one ofartistTerry Allen 's "Talk-
ing Trees", which make up one of 
the eight works of UCSD's Stuart 
Collection. According to Dearie, 
the lead tree is currently in storage 
and will be relocated to the north-
west s ide of the library upon com-
pletion. 

The construction of the addi-
tion and the realignment of Voigt 
Drive, the road due north of the li-
brary, has already met with a few 
complaints from students and fac-
ultyalike. 

" [The students] have com-
plained a little," said Dearie, not-

See ADDITION, Page 8 

CELEBRAnNG 10 YEARS OF SERVICE 

Summer Special 
I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 

"Cj' MHsublshl Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

IUCSD STUDENT I Minor Tune Up Special $35 *(reg. $55) I. Spark plugs Our tune up includes a leI more IhM others. h includes: 2. Dis1ribulOf poinls 6. Clean & replenish all fluid & oil levels I D. Check undercamage lor damages 
3. Coodensers 7. Check brakes 11. Check cooling syslem & hoses 

BIG MEAL D L 
~-----------------­......--, ....... 

Any regular 

footlong sandwich, 
large 32-0 •. soft drink, .. 
and bag of chips 

---------------

Valid only at Costa Verde and Miramar locations 
Please present UCSD I.D. 

--

6780 Miramar Rd. Behiud Carl's Jr. 549-6969 
8650 GetleSsee ill tIre Costa Verde Food Court 558-681 1 

4. Adjust timing 8. Check cl\J1ch 12.,Road lesl 
5. Adjust dwell angle 9. Check lighls 

, ~~oint M!jp.!.!e"'~~~~cial !?~. 
2. Valve adjustment 11. Adjust timing 

Replace: 12. Adjust dweU angle 
3. Valve cover gaskel 13. A~ carburelor 
4. Spar!< plugs 14. Adjust steering box 
5. Distribu10f poinls 15. Adjus ail & IueI ralia mix 
6. Condensers, 16. Adjust clUlch 
7. Air li~et' . 17. Adjust brakes 
8. 011 filler, 18. Adjust emelgency brakes 
9. Gas Mer, and 19. Check & adjust exposed 
10. Engine oil bells 

20. Lube fronl end 

21. Check & replenish aU 
Huid and oil levels 

22. Check eletricaJ system 
23. Check tor loose or lost 

bolts 
24. Check brakes 
25. Check dulch 
26. Check tighls 
27. Check undelcarriage for 

damages 

28. Check and recharge 
battery. il necessary 

29. Rotlle tires (il needed) 
30. Check tile p<essure 
31.Lube door hinges 
32. Checll afl holders 
33. Checll ccooling syslem & 

hoses 
34. Check exhatJsI system 
35. Road test 

~ .. For6~c;~pi;t;·CI~t~8hkj;b· $169 * 
We replace: 

1. Transmission inpU1 shatt seal (excepI 4. ThrowoU1 beanng NOle: Hydraulic pans are not covered. 
Hondas 5. Piiol bearings Not fOI 4WD. Flont wheel drive extla 

2. Pressure plate 6. New transmission oil 
3. Clutch dis<: 7. Road test 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
Front or rear. Brake JOb rncIudes: 

1. Instill special new. pads or Inslall real brake shoes 5. Bleed entire brake syslem 
2. Dr~ old blake flUid 6. Adjust Iroot (II drums) and lear shoes 
3. Inspect complete hydraulic syslem 7. Replace from 'OIOf seals rdlOIOf rurn) 
4. Reril! hydlaulic lIuid 8. Road test 

~. Hydraulic: parts .... noc induded 

B,...s ... w pert •• MIl Mqut our special rate. for ........ overhauls. 
AI our work .... a 2-),_ or 20,~ .. ImIt ... warranty. 

All price. Include parts and labor. overseas ('most cars) 
....... ~ 1. ~ 8008 Miramar Rd .• 95-1990 MIIWIIO--'I8 -.lp-S Oller good through Sepltlmber 24. 19.1O Wlih tills ad. 

Call10r appointment. 
.~ ......... . 

Towing and rental car available. Monday·Friday, 7:30 am·6 pm. Open Saturday 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

Editorial Board 
PHtL GRUEN. Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN, Managing Edi tor • 
JASON SNELL, News Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Editor 
T~ UCSD GuardUut IS published three times weekly at the UniverSity of Caliromla.. 
San Diego. Contents e l990. Views expressed herein rqxact\1 the majority voce of the 
editorial board. and on: not necessarily lhot< orille UC Board or RecenlS. lile "'SUCSD. 
nor the entire Guardliut sLlff. 

SUBLIMINAL MESSAGES 

Read It Read It ... 
Warning: This editorial may contain subliminal 

messages which may be unconsciously perceived by 
some readers, who, in tum, may be motivated to 
renounce their political beliefs, start wearing conser-
vative suits, and join the Republican party. 

A lawsuit in Reno, Nevada is trying to decide 
whether or not subliminal messages in a heavy metal 
album motivated two young men to commit suicide. 
The plaintiff - the parents of the two men - contend 
that the album contains numerous hidden messages, 
including backward satanic incantations. 

The story began on Dec. 23 , 1985, when Raymond 
Belknap, 18, and James Vance, 20, of Sparks, Nevada, 
were drinking beers and smoking marijuana while 
listening to the Judas Priest album, Stained Class. 
According to newspaper accounts, the two were drink-
ing and smoking for five hours. 

By the end of the day, Belknap and Vance had gone 
to the playground of a local church with a shotgun. 
Both Belknap and Vance turned the gun on them-
selves. Belknap died instantly - the shotgun having 
blown most of his head off. Vance survived, but the 
blast left him without much of a face. 

Vance initially told police that he and Belknap had 
shot themselves because "life sucks." Not long after-
ward, however, Vance began to assert that he and 

The UCSD Guardian 

Belknap were driven by the lyrics of Judas Priest. Accord-
ing to Vance, "All of a sudden we got a suicide message, 
and we got tired oflife." Convinced by Vance's story, his 
and Belknap's parents filed a lawsuit against Judas Priest 
and their record company, CBS. Two weeks ago, the case 
finally went to trial. 

The case is so ambiguous, that it is amazing that it bas 
come as far as it has. First, the history of the two men 
involved clearly shows violent and anti-social tendencies. 
Both had criminal records. Vance had assaulted his mother 
on more than one occassion, and Belknap had been 
arrested for car theft and indecent exposure. Both men 
dreamed of leaving Nevada and becoming hired assas-
sins. On the day of the shootings, both men were ex-
tremely intoxicated, and under the influence of drugs. 

Second, neither family had considered taking legal 
action until mid-1986, at the same time as a man filed suit 
against another heavy metal musician, Ouy Osbourne, 
claiming that his song, "Suicide Solution", caused his SOD 
to hang himself. It is more than just coincidence that the 
Belknap-Vance suit followed the Osbourne case. How-
ever, the Osbourne case never reached trial because the 
judge ruled that musical lyrics are protected by the first 
amendment and the ca e, therefore, could not proceed. 

According to presiding Judge Jerry Whitehead, the 
Judas Priest case is not about the actual song lyrics (he has 
already stated that they are protected by the First Amend-
ment), but about the possibility of the existence of sub-
liminal messages. 

Whitehead's initial decision to hear the case is based on 
the belief that subli minal messages do not qualify for First 
Amendment protection because they "do not openly 
exchange information." According to the judge, such 
messages " reach a listener without his knowledge and 
invade his privacy." 

Theexistenceof subliminal orotherhidden messages in 
films and music has been disputed for years . Despite the 
claims of various watchdog organizations, there is very 
little- if any -scientific proof that subliminal messages 
aClually exist In Ihis case, for example, !he plaintiff's 
attorneys have offered what they call "scientific evi-

August 1990 

dence" that !he song, "Better By You, Better Than 
Me," conlains the message, "do it.. . do it" over and 
over again, which they claim drove the youths to 
suicide. Yet an expert in sound engineering who ap-
peared on CNN claimed that after extensive testing, he 
could find no existence of subliminal messages, nor, 
for that matter, any satanic incantations. One man's 
suicide order is another man's phonetic coincidence. 

Who are we to believe? Who are we to blame? 
Did a heavy metal rock band conspire to cause the 

suicides of thousands of their fans? Does heavy metal 
induce violent behavior, glorify Satan, and cause 
impressionable youths to self-destruct? Not likely. 

What is likely, however, is that oftentimes the par-
ents are the problem. The fact is that in this case, and in 
!he others like it, the true culprit is the negligent parent 
Where were the parents of James Vance and Ray 
Belknap when they were smoking dope and drinking 
beer at the Vance home for five straight hours? 

Where was the fat her of the young man who hung 
himself"because Ozzy made him do it?"Ifhe was there 
for his son, then perhaps he would have seen a de-
pressed and distraught young man. If he was there, 
peroaps he could have found his son some help. But his 
son is dead now, as is Ray Belknap, and James Vance. 
Vance overdosed on the painkillers he was taking for 
his severe deformities in 1988. 

Suicide is tragic, bul leI's keep these cases in the 
proper perspective. Judas Priest didn ' t tell Vance or 
Belknap 10 do anything. Their drug induced fantasies 
were what killed them. 

And as for the implications of this case, if Judas 
Priest and CBS lose, not only is the judge terribly, 
terribly blind, but every recording produced thereafter 
would have to be carefully scrutinized. Musicians, 
producers, engineers, and record company executives 
would have to sign affidavits swearing that no sublimi-
nal messzges have been placed within the music. 

11Ie entire case is a ridiculous waste of valuable court 
time, and taxpayer' s money. The subliminal argument 
is a fantasy . 

Well-Deserved Ir· phs 
• 16 Years After His 
Resignation From the 
Presidency, Richard 
Nixon Has Proven That 
You Can't Keep a Good 
Man Down 
By Ben Boychuk, Opinion Editor 

Names can generate any number of reactions. When someone says "Hitler," one immediately 
thinks of the genocide of six-million Jews in 

World War n. When someone speaks of Lee Harvey 
Osw;lld, we immediately know him to be the man who 
assassinated John F. Kennedy. 

COMMENTARY 
Oftentimes, men have a tendency to easily remember 

bad things and put the good out of their minds. History 
and fact becomes obscured by public opinion. There is 
no doubt that Adolf Hitler was perhaps one of the 
greatest despots of the twentieth century· 

Few can deny !he fact that nothing good came from 
assassination of John F. Kennedy. Occasionally, 
however, men of history are cheated of their weU-
deserved glory for some of their misgivings. 

Such is the case with Richard M. Nixon. 
When someone says " Nixon," the average American 

immediately thinks of Watergate. The news media 
often refers to Nixon as the "disgraced former-Presi-
dent." Nixon might have left office in disgrace, but he 

'. ' i:'?P7:WI 
.< .. ~ 

I · 

/ 

has recovered, healed many of hi~ terrible wounda, 
is at last beginning to receive some weIl-deserved 
credit where creqit is certainly due. 

Mel MMceloiGuatdian 
:"'~ll'Jaiidaalld?c:1Id and Rcqan, President Bush, and of 

As President Nixon himself has written, life is but a . 
series of peaks and valleys. The last few years have .... 
doubtedly been one of Nixon's greatest peaks, 

I recently bad the pleasure of attcncling the optning 
of the Richard Nixon Presidential Library in Yorba 
Linda, California, along with 20,000 or so of Nixon's 
closest friends. Although I was unable to enter the 
compound (ooly about 1,500 spectal~ actually got in), 
I was still able to hear the speakers, including former 

. counc. Nixon himself. II Waf. an exciting and memo-
nbleclay. 

'Pcmaps tile IIlOSt appealing thing about Nixon is his 
penevetMICC. His critics would most certainly love to 
see him throw in the towel for good, and leave the 
public eye pennanently. But he cannot and will not 
(and most certainly should not). 

Many Americans have not forgotten Watergate. Most 
bave not forgiven Nixon for his involvement And while 
to be sure Watergate is an imponant part of the history of 

See NIXON, Page 5 

August 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

NIXON 
Continued from page 4 
Nixon's presidency and the United States, 
people tend to make Nixon's involvement 
much greater than it was. Afler all, Nixon 
was but one player in a great political game, 
and to pin all of the blame on him would be 
unfair and unjust. 

Nixon never profitted from public serv-
ice. He didn't rob the nation 's treasury and 
head off to Switzerland. He is one of the few 
fomler presidents who doesn't take hono-
raria. 

the audi ting of certain candidates ' tax rec-
ords and was accused of corrupt cam;:::ign-
ing. 

The incumbant Democrats wiretapped the 
Republican campaigns in 1960, 1964, and 
1968. The incumbanl Republicans did it in 
1972, and the resulting mistakes and mis-
calculations caused one of the greate t po-
litical scandals of the 20th century . 

Such actions were wrong and probably 
immoral. But Nixon was sing led out sub-
jected to the most intense legal and media 
investigative firestorm in recent memory. 

What was the difference betweenNixon's 
actions and the actions of hi~ predecessors? 
Nixon got caught. Or, as Nixon himself 

An-Men Square in June, 1989, Nixon vis-
ited China again (on his own ini tiati ve) to 
express the displeasure of the United State. 
whi le at the same time trying to maintain a 
relationship. Nixon understood clearly that 
trade sanctions, or even severing diplomatic 
relations, would do far more harm than 
good. 

Nixon entered into the first nuclear-arms 
control pacts with the Soviet Union . Unlike 
the radicals who demanded (and still de-
mand) unilateral and total disarmament, 
Nixon, like any intelligent person with a 
grasp of foreign policy, knew that total dis-
armament was a fantasy . 

He also knew that reasonable exersize of 
Wh.le Nixon may have attempted to pro-

tect his staff, and poss ibly broken the law 
(the so-called "smoking-gun tape" is not as 
clear as some critics may think), certainly 
others have committed greater crimes. 

Even more certain i the fact that Nixon 
was not the only flawed president of the 
United States. John Kennedy, tragic though 
his assassination was, was an adulterer and 
was prone to certain, albeit critical, policy 
mistakes - Vietnam for one, the Bay of 
Pigs for another. 

, ,He has never been gone. He has never stopped of-
fering his wisdom, doing what he believes is right, tout-
ing the geopolitical interests of the United States, 
taking risks, traversing valleys and climbing to great 
peaks." 

He supposedly even authorized the audit-
ing of various Republican candidates by the 
IRS . However, he was popular with the 
media, and his untimely death made him an 
American martyr. 

Lyndon Johnson was perhaps the ultimate 
politician, in every negative sense of the 
word. He used a ll sorts of dirty trickS to get 
elected, and was known among aides and 
journalists to spew forth obsceni ties like an 
erupting volcano, although thl)se activities 
were never discovered or never reported. 

Richard Nixon used obscenities and was 
crucified by the media. Nixon authorized 

Financing 
Your Education 
Can Bc A 
Balancing Act ... 
TaIkTo Us 
About A 
Student Loan! 

• Fast • Local 
We dare other lenders to beat us! 
if you need special help, we 
aren't a vague voice in New York 
or Sacramento. We're here and 
we help. 
FREE CREDIT UNION 
MEMBERSIDPI 

We waive your membership fee 
and you enjoy outstanding finan-
cial services from any of 22 
countywide branch locations. 

Call us for more info about 

Stafford, SLS, or PLUS 
546-2063 

or ask your Finandal Aid Department 

writes in his book,ln the Arena, "Watergate 
was worse than acrime- it was a blunder." 

Despite the disappointments of hi s ad-
ministration, the glories and triumphs should 
not be ignored. 

Nixon's diplomacy opened a once-hostile 
China. Nixon saw an opportunity that was in 
the bestinlerests of the United States, and he 
took it. He believed that it was unacceptable 
for the United States 10 be enemies with one-
billion people, and China was beginning to 
realize that the Soviet Union was more of a 
threat than the U.S. 

Despite the horrible crackdown in Tikn-

L\. 
Mission Federal Credit Union 

SERVING lHf IDUCAI IONAlOOMllUNI1Y 

"The Student Loan Store n 
M&»ton Frdaal is . $-400 million Oc:Ol uruon whtch hal ~ Ih: educaliona.1 oornm .. U'IIty of San DICIO County 

fOf mote dun s qUJI1'IC.1 cmnxy RlteI , IOTN. condi-.oN, and ICn'KlCI IUt:,oct 10 <.ha",*c.. 
All ~arll lub,cct 10 acGl "ppronL 

force could actually be helpful at the bar-
gaining table. As Nixon write , "Our goal 
should never be to use force unnece sar-
ily . .. [mjaintaining the capability and dem-
onstrating the will to use force even as a first 
resort reduces Ihe possibility of having to 
use force as a last resort when the risk of 
casualties would be greater." 

He initiated a plan to end the Vietnam 
War and achieve "peace with honor." He 
brought the North Vietnamese to the bar-
gaining table, and ultimately reached the 
Paris Peace Accords in 1973. He redirected 
military efforts to hit Communist supply 

OPINION 5 

and staging areas in North Vietnam, Cam-
bodia, and Laos, much to the chagrin of anti-
war activists. 

Nevertheless, despite the mindless de-
mands for total withdrawl of American 
forces, Nixon proceeded with his plans, 
which would have worked had Congress 
continued to provide South Vietnam with 
military aid. 

Congress certainly realized its mistake in 
1975 and years afterward with the fall of 
Saigon, the hundreds of thousands of Viet-
namese refugees killed trying tQ flee Com-
munist oppression, and the millions of 
Cambodians who died at the hands of the 
Khmer Rouge in the "killing fields." There 
was more death in Southeast Asia after 
American troops wi thdrew. 

Now, sixteen years after the Nixon presi-
dency, the man remains on the scene, as 
intelligent and capable as ever. 

Many in the media have said that Nixon's 
resurgence in popularity is but another one 
of his "comebacks," as he had "come back" 
in 1952 with his "Checkers Speech" and in 
1968 when he won the Pres idency. I would 
say that he has never been gone. He has 
never stopped offering his wisdom, doing 
what he believes is right, touting the geopo-
litical inlerests of the United States, taking 
risks , traversing valleys and climbing to 
great peaks. 

As Nixon said in his address at the open-
ing of his library, "Won some, lost some, all 
interesting ." Like him or not, Nixon will 
continue on his chosen path, in the public 
eye, carrying on hi causes, and passing 
down his wisdom. 

His will be a legacy of controversy, tem-
pered, ultimately , by the truth . 



FEATURES 
6 FEATURES 

WEATHERING 
TRAINING 
CAMP AT 
UCSD 
• Three Chargers Find 
The Ideal Situation 
Here ... Well , Almost Ideal 
By Phil Gruen 
Senior Staff Writer 

Training camp is rough. 
Players enduring two practices and three or four meet-

ings per day, rookies trying to impress, veterans working 
to maintain their positions, and San Diego Charger tight 
end Rod Bemstine curling up so he can fit onto his bed. 

The Chargers opened their 15th annual training camp 
at UCS D on July 21, a site which, according to the 
August edition of Chargers Powerline magazine, is " ... 
recognized as possibly the most beautiful camp setting in 
the NFL." The camp run until Aug. 29, three days before 
the Chargers' final preseason contest and a week and a 
half before their season opener at Dallas. If the players 
are not ready by that point, it won 't be the fault of the 
training camp itself. This is not summer camp. Charger 
players Marion Butts, Jeff Mills, and Bemstine will tell 
you that. 

"You don 't have any free time ... they keep you on 
your toes," said Mills, a 6-3, 238-pound outside line-
backer fresh out of the University of Nebraska. "From 
meeting to eating ... then from a meeting you go to 
another meeting, and then from a meeting, you go to 
practice, and then from practice you go to sleep." 

Mills isn 't kidding. A typical day sometimes sees 
players arising for breakfast around 7 a.m., and then on 
the field for a two-hour practice at 9 a.m. Players get a 
short break after morning practice and before lunch, and 
then it's off to meetings. After another short break (about 
an hour), players have to suit up and head back out to the 
field for the afternoon practice. More meetings follow 
dinner, and then players are required to be in their rooms 
by II p.m. - and coaches enforce the curfew. 

Butts, a second-year running back out of Rorida State 

"You guys don't know how good 
you got it.This right here [UCSD] 
would be like heaven in the Univer-
sity of Nebraska. We lived in like, 
almost prison-type rooms ... with 
brick walls ... it was terrible." 

- Jeff Mills, 
Chargers rookie linebacker 

The UCSD Guardian 

Butts: "The way 
they layout the 
schedules is that 
you don 't have 
too much [free] 
time, because if 
you have too 
much time you 
abuse it. n 

who ran for 176 yards in a game at Kansas City last year, 
thinks that the curfew and the strict schedule are effective 
in keeping everybody's concentration focused upon 
football. 

"The way they lay the schedules out is that you don ' t 
have too much (free] time, because if you have too much 
time you abuse it. You don't get time to go out. because 
if you did ... it wouldn ' t really be training camp ... players 
would go out, and probably get boozed up." 

But there is hardly time for boozing - unless you're 
talking about drinking one of five assorted flavors from 
the Gatorade machine inside Oceanview Terrace Restau-
rant, where the Chargers enjoy specially prepared meals 
three times a day. Needless to say, these are not the kind 
of meals offered to students. 

"It's a different menu than during the school year," 
said Wendy Bledsoe, a UCSD student who is responsible 
for checking off the players, coaches, personnel , media, 
and invited guests on a list as they enter Ocean view. "For 
dinner, they get steak, red meal. .. expensive stuff," she 
said. "But (the Chargers) pay a lot for all this. The 
players can do anything they want." 

Bledsoe is also responsible for keeping track of what 
the Chargers take out of Oceanview, such as cup , paper 
bags. or" I 0 pieces of fruit. " 

" I was expecting more anitude (from the players]," 
Bledsoe said. "But it's really not there." 

At least not about UCSD. They seem to like it here. 
" You guys don 't know how good you got it ," Mills 

said, alluding to UCSD students who enjoy the comfort 
of the Upper Third College Apartments, where the 
Chargers tay during their six-week stint on campus. 
"This right here would be like heaven in the University of 
Nebraska." Mills said. "We lived in like, almost pri on-
type rooms ... with brick walls ... it was terrible." 

The Chargers are living in the apartments surrounding 
the Third College cul-de-sac, the nearest on-campus liv-
ing quarter; to the North Campus Recreation Area, where 
they hold practice. The apartments are eq uipped wi th two 
rooms with two beds each, a bathroom with a shower, a 
kitchen. and a living room. Four players stay in each 

August 1990 

(Above) Running back Marion Butts (35) turns the 
corner during practice, leaving Billy Ray Smith (54) 
and other Charger defenders behind. 

apartment, and the roommate selection process is pretty 
much random. though Butts explained that veterans are 
usually placed with other veterans, and rookies with 
rookies. 

This year, Butts is rooming with Darrin Nelson. a 
ninth-year running back who came over in a trade with 
Dallas in 1989 and averaged 5.5 yards a carry in 10 
games with the Chargers. 

"We get along great," Butts said of his two-year 
relationship with Nelson. But to Butts, roommates have 
little significance in the bigger picture of playing time. 

"They never put rookies and vets together .... If they 
did tbat it still wouldn ' t matter because ... everybody's 
here to win ajob, regardless if you're a rookie or you're a 
vet ... if you're beuer than a vet, hey, you're gonna play. 
It doesn ' t really matter about classification, because clas-
sification and experience don ' t really mean nothing if 
you' re a talented athlete and you want to win the posi-
tion." 

"You don't get the problems that you have with room-
mates [in college) ." Mills explained. " You're all in the 
same boat, you ' re all doing the same thing so you' re all 
tired ... nobody 's antagonizing anybody else." 

Bemstine, who is now in his fourth year with the 
Chargers and has been through three training camps, likes 
having a roommate. 

"When you ' re in practice and meetings all the time ... 
after a couple of weeks of it, it's routine, so talking and 
having a companion in your room with you is nice." he 
said. 

What isn't nice for Bemstine, however, is the size of 
his bed in apartment M-15. In fact, it wa the only sour 
thing he found about the whole place. 

"I think (the living conditions are] pretty comfortable, 
the only bad things about 'em are the beds ... they ' re 
about 5 ·- 11 ..... six foot seven guys, they don ' t fit in the 
beds too well .... To be honest, I kinda sleep curled up 
anyway so it doesn 't really bother me, but I'm sure some 
of the guys usually stretch out and their feet are hanging 
off the bed." 

Bemstine, however, wasn't the only one who had a 
complaint about the apartments. Mills, though he consid-
ers the Upper Third Apartments a dramatic improvement 
over hi s college-day living accommodation, referred to 
them as the "ant-infested apanments." 

"Ants all over my apanment ... all over my bed," Mills 
laughed. He explained that he sprayed deodoran' on the 
an ts to get rid of them. 

See CAMP, Page 7 

August 1990 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 7 

r-------------------, I I 
i 2 TANS 1 ! 
: One for You, One for a : 
I 1 
1 TRIM & TAN. UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct. • 455-0909 1 1 Pacific Beach· Mission Valley· State College· Sports Arena' Encinitas 1 
1--------------------- 1 
: Lose 6" Guaranteed! : 

European Body Wrap - Only $48 
1 Not a temporary water loss. Reduce cellu~te and stretch mar1<.s. 1 1 Call for details • 2nd 30 IaI1 days $39.99 • F.sHlme dients 1 

ExPires 9/24190 
L ___________________ ~ 

Why do t ..... things alway. happen In threes? 
Too small - Six-foot-three Charger running back/tight end Rod Bernstine has to curl up in order 
to fit onto the bed in his room in the Upper Third College Apartments. 

The Guardian. Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays this fall. 

CAMP 
Continued from page 6 

Did it work? 
"I killed a lot of them today," 

he said. 
But Mills has other, more im-

portant worries than ants in his 
apartment and on his bed - like 
making the team. 

Mills was the Chargers ' first 
pick in the third round and the 
57th player chosen overall after a 
standout year at Nebraska with 
58 tackles, three sacks, and eight 
stops for losses which helped 
him earn an honorable mention 
a an All-American from The 
Sporting News and a spot on the 
All-Big- Eight team. 

"I'm a rookie .. . I'm just trying 
to be the best type of guy I can be. 
best player I can be ... right now 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral students (64%·91%), after 
cofTllieting all their course work, remain 
with a dissertation pending completion 
indefinitely. Among these ABDs (AII-BUI· 
the-Dissertation) are generally found the 
brightest and most creative candidates. 
Addressing those elements involved in de-
laying completion, the workshop guides 
participants. lrom beginning to following 
through and completion, particutarly after 
years at mactivi ty and regardless of where 
they are in the process. 

Call us for workshop information 
985-0426 

Postgraduate Group 

it's up and down for me." 
But what better place to be up 

and down than here? 
"You can't beat the weather, 

the facilities are beautiful, the place 
doesn' t bother me," Mills said. "Tt's 
j ust the practicing. practicing, prac-
ticing, that's the only thing." 

But it's not the only thing for 
Bemstine. 

"The food's great. You get three 
meals aday, and fora bachelor like 

myself, you don ' t get that too of-
ten ," he said. "How many players 
can say they can go over. have a • 
meal, look out the ocean, and have 
a breeze all the time? Some guys • 
are out there practicing in I ()().. • 
and-some degree temperatures - • 
that's never fun." • 

So what is it, Bemstine? • 
" I would say we have an ideal • 

situation here if we can get those • 
beds lengthened a Ii ttle bi t." • 

The Guardian wants you ... • 
• 
• 

to be a part of our 1990-91 staff. If you're interested. call 534-6580 
(ask for Phil) or stop by our offices on the second floor of the Student 
Center during business hours. 

ASK YOUR I 
SALESPERSON 
HOIVYOUCAN 
EARN 
HUNDREDSI 

2225 Torrey Pines Road 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

Toddler-Parent Workshop. Preschool-Grade 6 
• Individualized Learning • Nurturing Environment 

• Founded 1972 • Accredited by CA Assoc. of Independent Schools 
• After School Care 4- 12 years • Financial Aid Available 

THE CHILDREN'S SCHOOL 
454-0184 

WHERE MINDS SOAR 

IlIslrll('(o,-'s Course Readers 

Ca~ Copy 
• Free Parki ng 
• Book Binding 

• Copies while you wait 
Hours: Mon.·Thu. 8:30-6:30; Fri. 8:30-6; Sat. 12-4 

Exp. 9/24190 

~.!// IIn/itllll' (I. (>1"'//0 /),mlllw, 1',::(/) 452-9949 

.,.----

RENT GREAT 
LOOKING 
FURNITURE 
AT 
GUARANTEED 
LOWEST 
PRICES! 

I 
SPECIAL 
DISCOUNTS 

• Rental returns 
for sale 

• No deposlI 
• Rent now and 

sa~ on al'lIvery 

San Diego 292-5300 I 
(off 805 Fvvy. between Balboa & Clairemont Mesa) 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 



8 NEWS 

Music by Rush, BDstDn, Van Halen and many trIOre! 

Co-sponsored by fC)7 KGB FM 

STUDENT SPECIAL 
SIGN A 9-MONTH LEASE 

FOR A R.V. SPACE 

AT 
SUMMIT RIDGE RESORT 

AND RECEIVE 
1 MONTH 

FREE RENT 
2 Pools • Clubhouse • Laundry 

Security Gate and Patrol 
Full Time Management 

SUMMIT RIDGE RESORT 
402 63rd STREET 

SAN DIEGO, CA 92114 
(619)264-901 2 

DO YOU SUFFER FROM 

ASTHMA 
OR 

ALLERGIES? 
VOLUNTEERS NEEDED FOR CLINICAL DRUG STUDIES. 

ALL TESTING AND MEDICATIONS ARE FREE. 

QUALIFIED PARTICIPANTS WlLL BE 

PAID FOR PARTICIPATION. 

ASTHMA UP T6 $800 
ALLERGIES UP TO $50 (2 vbits only) 

CALL 436-3988 
(A K FOR KELLY OR)ANET) 

Warren W. Pleskow, M. D. A ,rhma anJ Allcrh'Y T rea tmen r anJ Rc""al ch A"s<x lohon' 

T he UCSD Guardian 

FREEZE 
Continued from page 1 
we would mow or trim. We're 
a king people to maintain larger 
areas than they would [nonnally] 
be assigned to, " Hug said. 

Most other UC campuses have 
instituted spending freezes ofvari-
ous degree over the summer, but 
the CSD freeze eems to be one 
of the mo t severe. 

Regardle s of its effects, many 
administrators feel the freeze is 
necessary due to the uncertain si tu-
ation regarding state funding of 
the University of California in the 
tate budget signed by California 

Governor George Deukmejian on 
July 31. 

"We thought it was very impor-
tant for people to realize what they 
woulddo if the budget was really a 
terrible one," Hug said. "This has 
gOllen people to think about what 
they would do less of if [the budget] 
was reduced. 

"It just makes good sense to 
continue the freeze." 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
kinko's 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

(' \1,1. t S FII{ST 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North #315 

EARN 
Be LEARN 

Be part of a student 
merchandising marketing 
team for an international 

computer company! 
Salary plus Comission , 

Flexible Hours, Bulid 
Resume, Experience, 

Certification. 
FAX resume to: 

212-675-1732 or mall to 
CTI, 5 West 19th St., 10th 
Fl., New tork, NY 10011.. 

REGENTS 
Continued from page 1 
are acti vely lobbying the U to 
build the campus neartheir town , 
becau e of the money and prestige 
a nearby campu would bring. 

"There i~ still an awful lot of 
work 10 be done. This is just the 
beginning of the fOOl race to see 
who ha the community stamina 
and the right support in the end," 
said David Baker, a Tuolomne 
County administrative officer, in 
an interview with Th e Union 
Democrat newspaper of Sonora. 

ADDITION 
Continued from page 3 
ing that the library has created al-
ternate places for people to study 
and that earplugs are available for 
those who wish to drown out con-
struction noise. Sheadmitted, how-
ever, that "we're expecting our gate 
COllnt to go down a bit [during the 
construction]. " 

Hellmann said that though he 

August 1990 

has not received many complaints, 
his office did get one from the 
occupant of the Engineering 
Building. Apparently, the smoke 
from the di esel trucks working on 
Voigt Drive wa entering the giant 
air vents on the north side of the 
engineering bu i Iding and contami-
nating the air inside. Hellmann aid 
that he took the necessary steps 10 
ensure that the problem was recti -
fied. 

"If we don ' t know about the 
problems, we can't do anything 
about them," he said. 

The work on Voigt Drive, which 
began on July 2, is scheduled to be 
complete by Sept. 9, two weeks 
before the first day ofFa!1 Quarter. 

"We call it the Voigt Drive 
realignment ," Hellmann said. 
"We're raising the bed level about 
18 feet , and we ' ll straighten the 
curve." 

Hellmann explained that the 
road, which dipped down into the 
canyon and contained a "reverse 
curve" at the bOllom was causing a 
number of traffic accident . 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279-5955 
D' AGNESSA Insurance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 
San Diego, CA 92111 

ALSO: MEDICAUDENTALITRAVEL INSURANCE 

HAIRCUTS 
by Mark 

Women $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg .. $/9) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

Perm & HairclII or $50 
Highlight & Haircllt 

r--
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
It 

----------------, 
READY, GET FIr, GO! 

SPRING INTO SUMMER 
f~SPECIAL! 

With this coupon. .. 
one FREE Month 
with purchase of 
regular 
membership. 
4 MONTHS FOR 

THE PRICE OF 3 
, Total cost. One per "..son. Must o .. oP on first VISIt aoo an IncantlVO may 

'-=- -1 be oHored tor enrollng on rbgular melT'berships. First lime mell'bers only. 
OU-~"TT'" No ollltr dls(;ounts CiIl be used In coni_ion With Ill .. on .. and 

_ship rrust be used al cenler 01 enrollment MUSl be aiioasl t8 
'Jo"""'''''''''''' yoars old P .. sonaI ~aining and babySining available al nom"",1 cost. L ~m.: ::~::I: ::: ::m:, ::1~e.:..S~n!!:h~5.:~~ .J 

CLASSIFIEDS 
August 1990 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Are you COLOR BLIND? If you are or ~link 
you are color deficient, you may earn $5Ihr 
participating in color vision experiments. 
Contact Ethan, Dept. of Psych. 534·2999. 

SERVICES 
WORD PROCESSING -Any size job, pick up 
and deliver, 7 days a week. 454-9066, 536-
9024. 

WORD PROCESSING, EDITING. $21page, 
tree pick up and delivery. 7 daySIWeek. Irma 
453-6282. 

Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-1500 hairs per 
hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student discounts. 
(619) 558-4644. (619) 226.1 962. 
Don't let Summer Session leave you out 10 
dty. CluaIified, experienced, and affordable 
writing MO( wiN help you with any writing 
assignment: Subject A, ESl. Muir Writing, 
or ... Steve 942·8179. 

Wanna play? learn piano without welled 
wrists. E!I'training, basictheory, sight reading, 
playing the songs you wanl to leam. Affable 
and aflordable. Steve 942-8179. 

LAW OFFICES - Visa extension, change of 
residence status. relative peti lion , car 
accidents, divorces. English and Spanish 
(619) 239-0922. 
Macintosh Upgrades and Repairs: 
Component IeIl8l repair (analoglpower: S89). 
FREE estimates. Weekend service. SCSI 
Hard Drive Repair and Data Recovery. 
Memory Upgrades for All Macs. UCSD PO's 
accepted. Free pickup and delivery on 
campus. We consider trade·ins of older or 
broken equipment. Call 458·5916 Compufix. 

WANTED 
MaIIIeting representative for Fortune 500 
companies. part/fulltime earn $1 000 to $5000 
per month. 272-2776, 436-2305. 

JOBS JOBS JOBS, UCSD Annual Fund 
needs enthusiastic callers. $7/hr, Hexible 
shifts, ?n campus. 587-1585. 

PEER COUNSELORS. Psychological and 
Counseling Services has paid positions 
for Fall '90. Apply to Career Services for 
Alcohol and Substance Abuse (Job 
'11087). lesbian and Gay (Job '11086), 
and Recover from Eating Disorders (Job 
'11073) programs. Volunteer positions 
open in Women's peer program. Contact 
Dr. Juarez, 534-3875. 

SPAIN STUDY ABROAD - College credn. 
University of Salamanca. Uve with Spanish 
family. Academic programs aVcLlabie year-
round. Free Brochure. CONTACT: BSA, 
2802 E. Madison, Suite '160, Seattle, WA 
98112. (2oo) 726-1498. 
Needed: FT/PT baby-sitterslnannys. San 
Diego area. Must have exp, refs, own 
trans. Call Friends Forever Professional 
Child Care, 453-6662. 

ASTHMA Siudy Vo lunteers : Study 
subjects with mild asthma needed for 
evaluation of new asthma medication. 
Study subjects will be reimbursed $600 
for 4 day-long and 1 overnight visit (over a 
1 month period) to the UCSD Medical 
Center. For further Information contact 
543·6911. 

Macintosh computer and peripheral 
wanted for a CE student. Broken or 
working. Call, I'll make an offer. Julia. 
535-0930. 

GOING EAST? Rider wanted to share 
driving and expenses as far as Florida. 
leaving on 0( about August 19, flexible . 
Call Marla 431 -0155. 

EARN $1001 Healthy right-handed 
Caucasian males age 18-30 needed for 
eyeblink study. Call 543-2496. 

Religious/Hebrew school teachers 
needed. North County Reform Jewish 
Temple. Contact Ellen Fox, 436-0654. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Models, experienced or not, slim to full 
figure, Immediate work, opportunity, call 
284-5095. 

OVERNIGHT CHllDCARE: Registered 
nurse working nights seeks responsible 
person to stay with easygoing six-year-
old, 3 nights a week. Beautiful, private Del 
Mar residence. Pool, ocean view, walk to 
beach. Amenities. Study/relax/sleep. Very 
easy care. $201night (negotiable). Call 
Ann, 793-0341 . 

Sleep Study Subject Wanted : The Sleep 
Research Group of the Psychology Dept. 
is studying adults who sleepwalk, have 
night terror, wet the bed, or rock/bang 
head during sleep. Subject will be 
interviewed and participate in pencil -paper 
tests . 534-0161 . leave message If 
interested, thank you. 

ESl (English 35 a Second Language) 
teacher wanted for a small vocational 
school near UCSD. Pan-time position, 
excellent salary, and exceptional working 
environment. Call Mrs. Lovell, 756-2486. 

FOR SALE 
FOR SALE: 2100-watt amps, 3 ·way 
crossovers, and Kicker Box. Over $1000 
value, $600 obo. John @ 558-3780. 

Futon & 4-position frame--$lOO unused I 
,Next 10 campus. Can deliver. 587-0709. 

1978 Toyota Celica Liltback, new clutch, 
body great, excellent condition. $15001 
best, 278-3504. 

HOUSING 
ROOMMATE NEEDED. Aug 1st. Normal 
Heights - 20 minutes from campus. 
$287.50. Call 534-4637 (M-F). Ask for 
linda. 

SWAMI YOMAMANANDA'S 
SUPERTRAINING SESSIONS 

ARE HERE! 

Del Mar: Master beO-oom with bathroom 
for two, fully furnished, washer, dryer, TV, 
VCR. dose to beach and shopping center. 
Beautiful lake surroundings. Available 
Sept. 15 $25OIperson. Call 259-9121. 

UTC- close to UCSD. sunny 1 bdrm, 800 
square fOOl, vault ceiling. $795Imonth. 
cash Incentive. Sept 1. 558-8153. 

Senior retiree wishes to assist mature 
reliable studious male medical student 
with free pl'ivate room, partial board, 
garage, in exchange for some 
companionship. 282-8612. 

Female non-Smoking roommate wanted 
10 share large master bedroom in 2B, 2 11 
2 bath condo in La Jolla Village Park. All 
amenities, WID, garage, pool, tennis! 
racquetball, spa. and fun roommates! 
Available 911 ; S287.5OImonth plus 1/4 
utilities. Call Christin (818) 340-2148. 

Roommatewantsd. available immediately. 
Own large room in two- bedroom 
apartment. GeneseeINobeI area. Non-
Smoker. $3n.so per month, 112 utilities. 
Call Jeff 534-4503. 546-0650, leave 
message. 

Two rooms available Aug. 6th in a nice 4 
bedroom house located in a quiet 
University City neighborhood only 8 
minutes from UCSD. Close to shopping, 
bus lines, and the 5 . 805. and 52 freeways. 
Rent Is $360 per month and includes 
utilities and laundry facilities. I am a biology 
graduate studentat UCSO and t am looking 
for mature, considerate, ez-going 
roommates. Sorry - no smoking, drugs or 
pets. Contact John at 453-7159. 

Woodlands large 260,2112 BA gorgeous 
town home in like-new condition. Fireplace. 
security system, 2-car garage, 2 patios. 
Open exterior unit with view. Near UCSD 
and shopping. Pool & spa $209,000. 587-
6093. 

CLASSIFIEDS 9 

Mira Mesa: Own room must be clean and 
responsible $265 plus 1/3 utilities. 
Availabfe now, Joy 578-6523. 

Furnished condo at "The Park.· University 
City, 2 bedroom, 1112 bath, pool , garage, 
near UCSD, no pets, up to 3 occupants, 
(open house Sun Aug 19th 11 a .m.-2 
p.m.) $800. Call 450-4648. 
Female roommate wanted to share 
inexpensive La Jolla house with four girls 
- contact Dabble, 535-1150. 

Female roommate wanted to share large 
2BR 2 112 BA woodlands condo, 1 mile 
from UCSD. Beautifully furnished. all 
amenities. Pool and spa in complex, own 
room and bath, parking, available Sept 1, 
$425/mo. plus 1/2 utilities. Sharon, 587. 
6093. 

Own room (furn ished/unfurnished), 
bathroom, balcony. Female non-smoker 
10 share condo by UCSD. All amenities: 
washerldryer, dishwasher, fireplace. etc. 
Recreational facilities. $500. 1/2 utilities, 
refundable deposit. 457-3830. Available 
now. 

Great location: la Jolla Colony 3 SR, 2 
BA, sale 240K, 429-5653. 

Own room in nice 3 bedroom 2 112 bath 
University City house. looking for neat 
female non-smoker. Washer, dryer. patio, 
piano, quiet nbd. $295 plus 113 utilities. 
Availabfe now or Sept t . No pets or drugs. 
Call Mark or Julie, 534-2391. 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: Watch in Hl 1205 on July 17th. 
Call 455-9200 to daim. 

PERSONALS 
Futon & 4-position frame-$1oo unusedl 
Next to campus. Can deliver. 587·0709. 

---------------~~ UCSD : 
Student : 

Mental and physical supertraining sessions give you 
the edge you need by tapping into present and latent 

energies within you (including the mysterious chi 
energies of the martial arts masters). 

Special : 
I I I BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I 

ONE TIME ONLY FREE introductory session 
(No sales pitCh). Experiencing Is believing. 

To contact the Swami call 562-7964 for appointment. 

ONLY SERIOUS NEED CALL 
(Personal transformation) 

'VII2IT' ()r= , •• «3~l!,"AI~ 
Just minutes from campus in Holiday C.!HH1, 

SAN DIEGO'S MOST UNIQUE LIQUOR STORE 
- OUTSTANDING SELECTION OF FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC WINES, 

BEERS a LIQUORS - INTERNATIONAL a OUT·OF-STATE NEWSPAPERS 
GOURMEr FOODS FROM HOMEMADE TO DECADENT 

.Lono -LOnERY -BUO'S SAN FRANCISCO ICE CREAM PARLOR 

WE HAVE THE BEST SELECnON IN SAN DIEGO 
·MOVIE RENTALS -POPCORN -IMPORTED CHOCOLATES 

le 

OPEN: SUN.-THURS, 6 om·Mld., FRI.·SAT. 6 om-2 am 3251 Holiday Court off Villa Lo Jollo 455· 1414 

: Bacon Cheeseburger I 
i ~FREE i 
I Valid at: 6788 U1ramar Acl. I 
I Coupon expa_ Sept. 24, 1990. ODe oaer per coupon_ I I ODe coupco I*' C'Ufl! co. 1* viIIt. Not YaIkl with any ® I 
I =l~~:~=1Dcludetax. carl's Jr. I L _______________________ ~ 



10 SPORTS 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Augu'lt 1990 

USSR Clips USA at 
Canyonview, 12-11 
• Soviets Capture Water Polo Match 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

The United States men's water polo team 
has quite a bit of work to do before it can 
even begin thinking about winning the Olym-
pic gold medal at Barcelona in 1992. 

This fact was made clear to the American 
squad, and an estimated 1,500 spectators, as 
the Soviet Union 's team cruised past it in a 
not-so-close 12- 11 contest Friday night at 
Canyonview Pool. 

Even though the score may indicate oth-
erwise, the Soviets had a relatively easy 
time putting away the inexperienced Ameri-
can group. 

The U.S. team, which is busy replacing 
eight members who retired after the 1988 
Olympics in Seoul , had problems convert-
ing five-on-four power-play opportunities 
for goals, connecting on only 25% (two of 
eight) of its power play chances. 

much to be desired for most of the contest 
and, ifit wasn ' t for a strong effort in thethird 
period by U.S. goalie C;aig Wilson, the 
Americans might have been completely 
overpowered by the Soviets. 

Four Soviets, Vadim Rozhdestvenski , 
Alexander Kulotov, Sergey Naumov, and 
Dmitri Gorshkov scored two goals apiece, 
while the U.S. was paced by three goals 
from Robert Lynn and two from John Var-
gas. 

The U.S. jumped out to a 2-0 lead, scor-
ing goals on each of its first two offensive 
possessions. It was all uphill from there for 
the American club, as the Soviets quickly 
answered to tie the score at 2-2. The visitors 
emerged from the pool at halftime with a 
slim 6-5 advantage. 

The USSR maintained its one-goal lead, 
ahead 9-8 going into the final period, as each 
team scored three times in the third stanza. 

An American player attempts to pass the ball by the USSR's Sergey Markoch. Meanwhile, the U.S. squad's defense left See W. POLO, page 11 

Three Head Coaching Vacancies Filled by Rookies 
• National-Caliber Assistants Selected to Lead Swimming, Fencing, and Softball Programs 
By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

After months of screening applicants, the 
three UCSD intercollegiate head coaching 
vacancies were filled by individuals who 
will be head coaches for the first time. Each 
new coach has participated or coached in a 
national championship. 

The selection committee, comprised of 
Athletic Directors Judy Sweet and Earl 
Edwards, Athletic Coordinator Marilyn Hill, 
and a student-athlete from each team in-
volved - men 's and women's wimming 
and fencing, and softball - hired all three 
by early July. 

In the most extensive search, Douglas 
Boyd was chosen from a field of 45 appli-
cants to take over as ht:ad coach for the 
men's and women's sWim team. Boyd, 
who still competes on the United States a-
tional Team, fills a void left by Bill Morgan. 
The laller vacated the dual position after 10 
highly successful seasons, including several 
second-place finishes at the NCAA Lilam-
pionships. 

Boyd recently earned an M .S. in Sports 
Management and Administration from In-
diana University, where he also completed a 
B.A. in Telecommunications in 1986. 

Boyd, who holds the fourth fastest 50 
meter freestyle clocking of all-time and is 
currently ranked fourth in the world in th<lt 
event, had a sterling career as a Hoosier. At 
the Division I level, he was a three-time All-
American, five-time Big-IO Conference 
champion, and his team won the Big-IO title 
three times. 

In between gathering extensive interna-
tional experience in ~uch place~ as West 
Germany, Sweden, Australia, Japan, and 
competing at home against the USSR, Boyd 
squeezed in four years as an asl:>i~tan t coach 
at three different programs. 

After student-assisting at Indiana fol-
lowing his graduation, Boyd moved south to 
Louisiana State University, assisting both 
the men ' and women's teams to the Tigers ' 

fir~t conference championship 10 57 years. 
After a year at the Little Rock Athletic 

Club. B yd ,pent la\t year at his alma mater 

helping coach the men's team which boasted 
five NCAA All-Americans, four confer-
ence champions, and two conference Aca-
demic All-Americans. 

Replacing fencing Head Coach Lynne 
Antonelli , who moves on after eight seasons 
at the Triton helm, is recent Stanford Uni-
versity graduate Alison Reid. Reid, who 
was selected from a pool of eight applicants, 
earned a B.A. in philosophy and an M.A. in 
Religious Thought. 

During her undergraduate career, Reid 
competed four years (1981-1986) in the foil 
and epee events, eventually earning a "B" 
rating with a fifth place in the latter at the 
national championships in 1985. The teams 
on which she competed placed sixth nation-
ally in 1983 and ninth in 1986. 

Reid returned to the Stanford program 
after a year as a teaching assistant , and 
served as the assistant fencing coach of her 
former team for the past two seasons. 

On a different track, Reid is a world-class 
pentathlete, having captured the national 
pentathlon title in 1981. During the same 
year, she was named USOC (United States 
Olympic Committee) Athlete of the Year. 
She placed second in the pentathlon compe-
tition in 1979, 1982, and 1985, and third in 
1986. 

In mid-June, Melissa Jaffel was hired as 
the head softball coach, solidifying a posi -
tion which had been filled on an interim 
basis since January by Sal Coats. The latter 
led the team to a 22- 16 record after being 
hired just before the start of the season. 

Jarrel most recently ~erved as a graduate 
assistant coach at perennial Divi sion III 
softball powerhouse Trenton State College 
( .J .) . During her three-year tenure, Tren-
ton captured the national championship if' 
1989, and al50 fi nished fourth (1988) an(j 
econd (1990) in the national tournament. 

While at Trenton, the outh Carolina 
native conipleted her M.A. in Health and 
PhYSIcal Education, with an emphasis on 
administration of PhYSIcal Education and 
Athletic Management. Thl~ IS in addition to 
a Bachelor's of Educati n in Health amI 
Physical Education from the mversi tv of 

North Carolina (UNC) at Chapel Hill in 
1987. 

After earning four varsity letters as a 
Division I scholarship athlete at UNC, Jarrel 
volunteered as an assistant with her former 
team before moving north to Trenton State. 

Primarily a catcher/outfielder, she still 
plays competetively in thl; ummer, and is 
slated to participate in the American Soft-
ball A ociation (ASA) 'A' Division Na-
tional Tournament in two weeks. 

SPORTSLINE 

Jarrel, one of five interviewed from a 
p<>ol of 20 applicants, is a member of the 
National Softball CQaches ' Association, and 
the American Alliance of Health, Physical 
Education ; Recreation , and Dance 
(AAHPERD). 

"We're excited about having them. They 
are nice additions to the staff," Sweet said of 
the th.ree, all of whom are under the age of 
30. "We look forward to them building on 
What the previous coaches have done." 

Judson Signs With Phillies; Eaton, Rupkey Join Cardinals 
Three members ofthe 1990 UCSD baseball squad - Erik Judson, Rick Rupkey, 

and Dann Eaton - have signed with, and are currentl y playing for, farm teams of major 
league ballclubs. 

Judson, a former Triton shortstop, was drafted in the 31st round by tbe Philadelphia 
Pbillies and i playing third base in the New York Penn League forthe Batavia (N.Y.) 
Clippers. As ofJuly 25, Judson was batting .288 in BOat-bats, which is the second-best 
batting average on his club. Judson also had two borne runs, 14 runs batted in, and five 
stolen bases for the Clippers. 

Former Triton pitchers Rick Rupkey and Dann Eaton are both currently playing in 
the St. Louis Cardinals' minor league system. Rupkey is playing against Judson in the 
N. Y. Penn League for the Cardinals' Hamilton (Ontario) Redbirds, while Eaton signed 
recently with the Cardinals and is playing in the rookie league in Arizona. 

Seven Tritons Come Home From Sports Fest With Golds 
Seven present and former UCSD men' and women'l) water polo players brought 

horne gold medals from the U.S. Olympic Sports Festival, staged July 2-11 on the 
campus of the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis. 

Triton Jason "Turtle" Brown played for the gold-medal winning men's west water 
polo squad, helping the perennially strong west squad to win for the seventh time in 
the last nine Olympic Festivals. 

Six present and fomler UCSD women's water polo team members helped the 
women's we~t club make illO the gold medal game and win it for the first time ever 
in the history of the Festival. The west quad'included 1990 Tritons Jefi Paulsen. 
Brenda Reiton and Kristen Larsen, 1989 Triton Carin Crawford, and past Tritons and 
present members of San Diego 's Sunset Club Margo Miranda and Pam Hendricks. 

Chargers to Practice With Dallas at UCSD From Aug. 13·15 
The San Diego Ch3lgers will host practice with the Dalla Cowboys for two days. 

from Aug. 13-15, fo llowing their pre-season meeting at Ja k Murphy tadium at 7 p.m. 
on Aug. 11 . The Chargers practice twice daily at UCSD 's North ampus Recremi n 
Area at 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. The practices are open to the public and free of charge. 

August 1990 

w. POLO 
Continued from page 10 

Then the Soviet put the game 
away. 

The USSR outscored the Ameri-
cans 3-1 in the firs t five minutes of 
thefounhquarter. They were never 
seriously challenged the rest of the 
way, and prevailed 12- 11. 

Friday ' s loss was similar to the 
one the USSR dealt the U.S. last 
month in the Goodwill Games at 
Seattle, Washington. 

There, the American cl ub 
grabbed an early lead, but the 
Soviets came from behind to win 
7-6. 

The American team placed fifth 
overall, while the Soviets finished 
second behind Yugoslavia. 

The two teams, which have been 
training together for the paM week, 
played exhibition games Saturday 
at Newport Beach alld Sunday in 
Fresno before the Soviets returned 
home today. 

Water polo notes ... Forthe first 
time in history, both the ' A' and 
'B' teams from the Sunset San 
Diego Water Polo Club will repre-
sent San Diego at the Senior Na-
tionals from Aug. 10-12 in Seattle. 

The 'A' team has qualified 
seven out of the last nine years. 

Both squads are led by Triton 
men's and women's water polo 
Head Coach Denny Harper. 

INTERCOLLEGIATE 
UPCOMING EVENTS 

CROSS COUNTRY 
at CSU Fullenon Invite. Sept. 8 . 9:30 a,m. 
at SDSU Aztec tnvlte. Sept 22, a:3O a.m, 

MEN'S SOCCER 
Home _: No"" campus flee. AI .. 
at USD. Aug , 29. 7:30 p,m, 
GI8ftd canyon, Sept. 3, 3 pm. 
Point LOIIIII __ , Sept. 5, 3 p.m. 
al Azusa Pacific Cougar Classic. Sept. 7-8 
at Biola. Sept. t t . 3 p.m. 
at Whittier. Sept. t 2. 4 p.m. 
W.tmont, SepI. 15. 1 p.m. 
Sou1hem cal CoIlea-, Sept. 17,3:30 p.m. 

C_n~ Sept. 22, U"'" TBA 
UCSD AlumnI, SepI. 23, 12:30 p .m. 

WOMEN'S SOCCER 
__ : _ campus Rec:. "'-
at Unl • . of s.. Francisco. Sept. 4. 2 p.m. 
at Sen Francisco Slate , Sept. 6 . 3 p.m. 
at RedIanda. Sept. 12, 3p.m. 
SOSU (~I, Sept. 14. 3 p.m. 
at Azusa Pacific. Sept. t7. 3 p.m. 
at CSU Sen Bernardino. Sept. 21. 3 p.m. 
__ , Sept. 22, 1 p.nt. 
UCSD Alumni, SepI. 23, 10:30 a.m. 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 
__ : UCSD MIIIn Gym 
at CMIl Coli. of Irvine Fost,. Aug. 31·Sept.l 
at S.D. County Championships . Sept. 4 
at Wostmont, Sept. 7. 7:30 p.m. 
UCSO Alumni. Sept. 8, 7 p.m. 
a\ La Verne Invitational. Sept. t 4·1 5 
.1 CIa",montiPom.·Pitzer Invite. Sept. 21·22 

MEN'S WATER POLO 
Ito"", g.mes: canyonv~w Pool 
UCSD invitational, Sept. 8-8. aU day 
at UC Irvine Tournament, Sept . 14-16. all day 
at UC Santa Barbara, Sept. 20 . 3 p.m. 
at Pepperdine , Sept , 2t . 4 p.m, 
at USC Tournament . Sept, 22. all day 

The UCSD Guardian 

Attention: 
College Bands 
interested in playing at UCSD? 
Then try the GREEN SCENE! 

That's right. the University Center 
Board is now accepting 
applications from local bands to 
playa Thursday on The Green (TOTG) 
So, if you would like more 
exposure to the campus 
community. just drop off 
a band biography and a 
tape of your band 
(original and covers ok) 
to Charlotte Smith in the 
administrative offices on 
the second floor of the 
Price Center 

rfl) • 
ROBERT'S 

0 German, Swedish Japanese Service 

SAAB 

G 
All Work Fully Guaranteed _ Factory-Trained Specialists 

" 

Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 

(619)275-1132 We Ule and reco",~nd 
~ruloU® lub,.icant. 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

~ I 
I VISA' 

.. ' 

-
--------------------11 0% OFF on all repairs* 

with this coupon 
-Except molor and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

NEW FOR FALL QUARTER 
iiI' 

ANTHROPOLOGY COURSES 
AN 157 Dreams and Cullure 
Prof. Bilu Tu-Th 8:30·9:50 MAC 413·1 
The dream as psychocultural phenomena. 
AN 165 Approaching the Socred 
Prof. Luhrmann Tu·Th 2:30·3:50 PH 104 
Theories of religion and use of religion to understand unusual 
experiences. 
AN 186 Ethnopsychialry 
Prof. Bilu Tu·Th 1 :00-2:20 MeC 124 
Cultural syslems and abnormal behavior. 
AN 189 Anthropology 01 Deviancct 
Prof. farley MWf 9:00-9:50 WLH 2204 
Problems of explaining deviant behaviors across cultures. 

BIOLOGICAL ANTHROPOLOGY COURSES 
ANTH/B 138 Biological Penpectivws on HeahIt and DiUlOH 
Prof. Norconk MWF 1:00·1:50 TCHB 148 
Biological and cultural views on health and disease in developed and 
developing countries . 
ANTH/B 171 History/Evolutionary Theory 
(lnlensiw Reading COUIW for Bio-Anthro Majorsl 
Prof. Norconk Tu-Th 1:00·2:20 H&SS 2089 
A direcJed studies course. See DEPARTMENT for special 
prerequisites. 

DEPARTMENT OF ANTHROPOLOGY H&SS 8009 (534-4145/ 

SPORTS 11 

UCSD FITNESS 
SPECIAL 

./ 

ONLY $20 PER MONTH 
on a monthly basis 

AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS· HOIST 

FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 

STAIRMASTERS 
LIFE CYCLES 
CHILD CARE 

3 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

BEING·FIT ® 
3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

Cloiromont Square Shopping Center neor Lee Words·Behind Famous Foolwear 

483·9294 
AI", in SOSU area 698·1702 

Great For Lunch! 
A CUP-FUL A DAY 

KEEPS THE 
INCHES AWAY 

Hungry for something other 
than salad for lunch? 
Something that·s healthy and 
low In calorIes? Try Polar's 
Frozen Yogurt, 

It's rich. Irs creamy. Irs high in 
calcium. And irs as lime os 15 
calories an ounce. 

It comes In almost any flallor you can Imagine, Six selections every day. 
some low·fot. non·fat. or sugar free. 

Polar's is the natural. honest lunchffme treat. Natural Ingredients mean Polar's 
tastes better. And because POIor's doesn·t pump extra a ir in. you get more 
creomy. natural. delicIous yogurt In ellery cup. 

Polar's Yogurt was voted 
"Besl lasting yogurt overall In the Golden Triangle" 

-Metropolitan rrogozi1e J\6181990 Yogurt Tosle Tesl 
Lo Jolla COlOny 7770 Regents Rd .. # 108 (In the VoN ShoppIng Center) 

Hours: l1 - IO:30Sun.-lhlM"S.: 11·11 Fri. & SOt. ,tE;D~::t::::j 

$100 OFF 
Buy any 2 (small. medium. large 

pint. or quart) of yogurt and get S 1.00 OFF. 
One coupon per customel 

VOid W1Ih any other otter EXPlfes 8/3 1/'10 

Eiiiii:.~- - - - - - - - - - - -(9iBiii;i!i~~~ 



12 S,tm:mer Editio1J 1990 · The UC D uardian August, 1990 

~~~.Flowers say it best. 
• Wide election of fre h cut floral arrangement 

• Cor ages, boutonniere , baloon bouquet 

• Friendly service, UCSO tudent Oi counts 

LA JOLLA 
FLOWER BASKET 

5555 Villa La Jolla Drive 
in the Ralph IS Center CALL TODAY: 455·5545 Toll Free Nationwide: 1-800-882-3323 

t~ •• a wa~ party 
atmosphere ... 

for serious pizza 
eaters ... " 

Jack White. Channel 10 
restaurant critic 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• Tired of the ame 01' cardboard pizza? • 

Call Bf's f or gourmet quality. • 1.-------- --1.---------, : $I~~.~~ :$2!!...~:i 
I 1'H.w /J'T."'t"T1I '-"U/X'" II,Ix"1 ortiennll I l 'kase pl'f!Slm/ COUjJQlfWberl order",/;. I. 

L_~~mer~UJO& __ L_~~~~UJ~_~: 
uc D~~ on~il1{/1 PIZZeria is 8873 Villa uJo& Dr. 

still tbe best! 455·0662 • 

only $11 
Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haircut. Blow dry and 
styling $4 extra. Full service 
prices reg. $21·$26. 
Standby fares are subject to 
availability of stylists. To 
insure faster service, it 's 
best to come on weekdays. 

t-lAii=\. 
G~?t-liCS 

Vi.i, Th ... Fine 
RETAILERS Profe •• ional 

Send copies across country or 
around the world- instantly! 

457-3775 
La Jolla Village Center - near Ralphs 

It's Time for the Best ™ 
Ralph's Convenience Center at 

La Jolla Village Drive 

r---------------

.for 
A UCSD exclusive. Come to TacoTIme before 

September 2. 1990 and get a free food item when you 
buy one food item of an equal or greater value. 

One per customer. 

la JO". V, ••••• .,uare 
De.ta. Group 011.". YOU: 

• COSMETIC BONDING • visA OR MASTERCARD 

# . EVENING APPTS. • INSTANT INSURANCE • STEREO HEADPHONES EVALUATION • NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS ,.. • 24·HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• • ORAL SURGERY FOR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRACTION 

-------------------------IIIFItODlIC'rOIfr on ••• N.w PAn.",.. ON' rl 

EXAM & X-RAYS $19 Reg. $.49 
ONLY 

Includes: x~al Cancer Exam and Private Consultation. Expires 9/24/ 90. 
10: Students, Faculty and Stalt ot UCSD 

-------------------------DAVID S. EIMOM D.D.S. 
Member: ADA, CDA, SDCDS 

8861 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite SOl 
(behind Radio Shock) 455·9151 

Maiors 
Aaron Brothers Art Mart 
Ralphs 

455-5908 
455-0840 
457-4390 

-----------..... Dr. Colin Bernslein, 0.0. 457·1200 

Sav-On 
Apparel & Acc.ssori •• 

Clothestime 453·7650 
Pacific Eyes & T's 535-0365 

Financial 
Beverly Hills Savings 
Home Federal 
Security Pacific 

452·5660 
455-0440 
455-0318 

Food. & R.staurants 
Aesop's Tables 455-1535 
B.J.'s Chicago Pizzeria 455-0662 
SamSon's Restauranl 455-1461 

Taco Time 453-8818 
TG I Friday's 455-0880 

Gift & 5peciolty 
• Card Party 452·1605 
Crown Books 450-0577 
La Jolla Flower Basket 455·5545 
Radio Shack 457-4095 

Health & Beauty 
Great Earth Vitamins 452·9775 
Young Attitudes Hair Graphics 457·3334 
Home Fum;.lti",. A AcC ... OM. 
HomePlace 45()'181 1 
Siroud's Unen Warehouse 457·0525 

La Jolla Village Dental Group 
Dr. David Eshom 455-9151 
Dr. Carolyn White 558·8590 

Servic •• 
Century 21 Village Realty 
Cornerslone Managemenl 
Dean's SO·Minute Foto 
Kinko's Copies 
7 Days Rent A Car 
Sunny Fresh Cleaners 
Travel Travel 
Video Gallery 

Theater. 
Pacilic Theatres 

455-6770 
453-7711 
453-3443 
457·3775 
455·1 664 
455-0071 
450-11 13 
45().1554 

453-7622 

At the northeast comer of 
Villa La J oUa and 
Nobel Drives 

Open from lOam 
Monday through Saturday 
from noon on Sunday 


