
.. 
" I , , " I' I ,j I t j I , I I , , • I I 

Pennies 
From Hell 

The Mind's 
Umbilical Cord 

UCSD Hosts S.D. 
Track Championships 

The Shaved Coin Menace Inside the Momix Troupe Four Women's Records Fall at Meet 
Features, page 10 Arts & Entertainment, page 12 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 70, NUMBER 9 

Animal Rights Activists Hold Rally, 
March During UCSD Open House 

By RANDY DOTINGA 
Senior Staff Writer 

Declaring a "war on vivisec-
tion," several hundred red-clad 
animal rights activists held a rally 
and marched across campus dur-
ing UCSD's Open House yester-
day to protest the university's use 
of animals in research. 

According to San Diego Ani-
mal Advocates (SDAA) board 
member Cris Waller, this was the 
third year her 1,800-member or-
ganization has held a demonstra-
tion during UCSD's Open House. 
She added that the date of Open 
House annually coincides with the 
last day of World Laboratory 
Animal Liberation Week. 

"treats and toys" to the university, 
to be given to animals used in 
resc:arch. 

The food and toys would be 
given "to the animals at UCSD if 
UCSD will deign to accept it," 
Waller said. 

"Until we get them out of the 
cages, the least we can do is make 
their lives a little better," Waller 
said. 

Stuart Zola-Morgan, associate 
professor of psychiatry at UCSD, 
who was a prime target of the 
SDAA's attacks, said in an inter-
view that UCSD's veterinary staff 
will decide what wi 11 happen to the 
activists'donations. 

"There's a question about what 
can be allowed into the animal 
facility," he said. 

side the Basic Science Building to 
come out and join the rally. 

"Look outside the window . 
now," St. James said to the build-
ing ... . .. We're very much like 
you ... . Animal research is finally 
moving into the mainstream of 
society. 

"We're going to put an end to 
your practice of animal geno-
cide .... We now know that there 
are viable, real alternatives to 
everything you are doing to ani-
mals in this building," St. James 
said. 

"We are prepared to give you 
one hell of a fight," he added. 

Waller then gave several 
" Vivisector of the Year" awards 
to UCSD researchers who alleg-
edly "torture" animals, the main 
award going for the second year to 
Zola-Morgan for his work in in-
ducing amnesia in monkeys. 

Sports, page 19 

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1990 

The rally began at 11 :30 a.m. in 
front of the Basic Science B'uild-
ing at the Medical School with a 
series of speeches by members of 
SDAA. As protesters clothed in 
red looked on, SDAA Director 
Sally Mackler explained the ani-
mal rights activists ' "war on vivi-
section." 

Cartmill also symbolically pre-
sented a series of gift boxes repre-
senting freedoms to the animals 
used in research at UCSD. The 
boxes had labels such as "sun-
shine," "fresh air," "comfort," and 
"love." 

After listening to the speeches, 
See PROTEST, page 7 

Jerry St. James, a local disc jockey, was one of several speakers 
"declaring a war against vivisection" at the rally on Sunday. 

Against a backdrop of banners 
saying "UCSD Must End the Ani-
mal Suffering - Stop Death Labs" 
and "There is No Open House at 
UCSD Labs," San Diego B-tOO 
radio station disc jockey Jerry St. 
James gave an impassioned speech 
in which he claimed that the ani-
mal rights movement is growing 
rapidly and urged an)' scientists in-

TAs Discuss Workload Problem 
"We will not let up until the lab 

doors are thrown open and the 
cages emptied forever," Mackler 
said, standing next to several 
SDAA members clad in white lab 
coats splashed with red paint and 
wearing hideous masks. 

SDAA member Jane Cartmill 
then presented over 100 animal 

'Driving Miss Iris' 

By MELINDA HAMILTON 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD Association of Stu-
dent Employees met on Thursday 
to discuss the concern that teach-
ing assistants (TAs) are working 
more than their contracted 20 hours 
per week. 

Attended by T A representatives 
from Revelle, Third, Warren, and 
Fifth Colleges' writing programs 
as well as T As from the Literature 
Department, the meeting centered 
on reducing T A workload without 
sacrificing quality education. 

The TAs will bring their con-
cerns and findings to a meeting 

Woman Drives Car Down Revelle Plaza Steps 
By RANDY OOTINGA 
Senior Staff Wr;t~r 

A former congresswoman who mistook a 
sidewalk for a street accidentally drove onto 
Revelle Plaza Friday afternoon and stranded 
her car on the stairs near Galbraith Hall. 

Iris Blitch, 78, said she had decided to take 
a driving tour around the campus on Friday 
afternoon after she visited Scripps Clinic. 

... was having a wonderful time," Blitch 
said. 

During her tour, Blitch entered the parking 
lot near Galbraith Hall, and saw a sign near a 
ramp which said skateboards and bicycles 
were not allowed, but she "didn't see any 
signs saying no cars." 

Blitch then drove down the ramp, which is 
actually a footpath between Galbraith Hall 
and Argo Hall. 

She then turned east, off of the ramp and 
into Revelle Plaza, but noticed that something 
was amiss. 

... began to realize that I probably needed 

to get out of [the area]," she said. 
Blitch then turned her car around, driving 

south toward Galbraith Hall. At this point her 
1987 black Buick Park Avenue encountered 
the stairs west of the Galbraith Hall lawn. 

After going down the stairs, 
Blitch's car stopped, its front end 
hining the cement at the bottom of 
the stairs. 

And there the Buick remained, 
at a 45-degree angle to the ground, 
until a low truck arrived on the 
scene a balf hour later. Blitch was 
unhurt, and her car was not seri-
ously damaged. 

A crowd soon gathered around 
the car, and Blitch commented that 
she had not had "this much atten-
tion since I retired." 

Blitch, a Point Lorna resident, 
added that she had been a Demo-
cratic representative in Congress 
from Georgia for four terms, from 
1954-1962 . 

After a tow truck extricated thecar,Blitch 
left the scene, calling "Bye, everybody!" to 
the crowd of students, some of whom had 
earlier asked if the inclined car was actually 
some sort of art project. 

Photo tourtesy 01 John Fenn 

tomorrow with Dean of Graduate 
Studies and Research Richard 
Attiyeh to discuss possible courses 
of action, such as reducing the 
number of students in each sec-
tion and hiring more T As. 

John Sullivan, aT A in the Lit-
erature Department, said T As are 
contracted and paid to work 16 to 
20 hours per week, but most of 
them work 20 or more hours be-
cause of the demands of their 
courses. 

In the meeting with Attiyeh, 
Sullivan said he is concerned that 
the TAs will be encouraged to 
adhere to the current guidelines, 
which may cause T As to come 
into conflict with the supervisors 
while attempting to resolve the 
workload problem. 

The UC has known about T A 
overload for a long time, accord-
ing to Sullivan. 

In 1983, graduate student Vin-
cent Gonzales circulated question-
naires to T As in all departments 
asking them to document their 
work hours to determine whether 
or not they were working more 
than their contracted hours. The 
results were made available to the 
university, Sullivan said. 

41 percent of the TAs who 
answered questionnaires indicated 
that they were overworked. 27 
percent indicated overload of more 
than two hours beyond their con-
tracted time per week. 

See WORKLOAD, page 7 



n 

'. 
.' 

- I.' 
, , 

'110.. 
UCNEWS 

Berkeley Police Charge Two Men 
With Rape, MurderofUCB Student 

BERKELEY - Two suspects in the killi41g of UC 
Berkeley jun ior Sally Ann Mayne, whose corpse was 
found four weeks ago in Richmond Park, are in custody, 
police announced last week. 

Julian Covington, 20, of Hawthorne, and Jamal Foun-
tain, 19, of Richmond will be charged with homicide, 
rape, oral copulation, two counts of kidnapping, and steal-
ing of a vehicle, according to East Bay Regional Park 
Police Lt. Norman Lapera. 

The suspects are scheduled to be arraigned today at the 
East Bay Municipal Court in Richmond. If convicted, the 
men could face the death penalty. 

Covington reportedly had a .38 caliber handgun in his 
possession w hen first arrested. The same type of weapon 
was used in the Mayne killing, police said. 

Both Covington and Fountain were in custody at the 
Marin County Jail in San Rafael awaiting trial on at-
tempted robbery charges in Tiburon when park police 
linked them Tuesday to Mayne' s death. 

A Mill VaHey police officer, who recognized 
Covington's name from information sent out by park 
police, arrested him while he was in jail, Lapera said. He 
was then booked on the murder charge. 

Police also charged Fountain after" information devel-
oped that led us to believe he was involved," Lapera said. 

The suspects had been in custody in San Rafael since 
early March 20 on charges of allempted robbery, posses-
sion of a firearm , and conspiracy charges, Marin County 
Police Sgt. Ken MacKay said. 

Jamal 's brother, Leon Fountain, 22, was also believed 
to be invol ved in the Tiburon robbery. Police have no 
information that links him to Mayne's death, but that 
"does not preclude him ," from possible involvement in 
the killing, Lapera said. 

Lapera would not give details on how East Bay Re-
gional Park Police were led to believe that Covington was 
involved with the murder, but said that " numerous people 
came forward that led us in the proper d i rection to ident ify 
Covi ngton." 

A teletype sent out by the Park Police. Laperasaid. " in-
cluded the fact that we were looking for Covington. II 

Police will now compare the fingerprints found on 
Mayne 's car and hockey equipment to those of Fountain 
and Covington Lapera said. 

Calvin and Hobbes 

"''it lOCKJ;..vF 
1'1" CAL~\~ 
n" S\JPI'05ED 
lO8£ot-\ 

IIp.M ~WE t>\oW 

AC.i\J /..Ll~ . 1 S\)I'I\:)SE nv-so;:. 
J\)ST AS W(u' 1 00ti1 Kl'IOW 
w\\t-.r BASE 10 nlR9W TO 
t-.Niw~i 11'\ fAC.r. r!l\ NOl 
E'iEN S\)~ L CAA '"ROW 

m~T FAR 
\ 

-~~ .~ 
'/ \ 

OJ I1ERO. M Pc).: u,,% S?t>.CE14N-l S?\ff, 
IS M~RooNEO ON ThE MCl'S1 OISThNi 

11lE ES 0 110P£. 
ClI' Rf. 5(\)" I'I!.CM 
11\1'.) 8\,H-, AAO 

1~~TtO WORLD' 
1'\.At-I£\ 11\1 1"I\E G;"LA'I.'i.' 

The victim, a Lafayette native. had last been seen at 
midnight on the night of the killing outside the Berkeley 
Iceland kating rink. She had been playing ice hockey 
with other UC Berkeley students. 

Police officers found her red 1984 Toyota Celica the 
next day abandoned on Aileen Street in North Oakland. 
Her athletic bag containing hockey equipment was lo-
cated about a block·from the car. 

Police have not yet determined who will receive the 
$25.000 award established by friends of the Mayne family 
for information leading to anyone involved in the case. 

Police Continue Search for UCLA 
Medical Center Murder Suspect 

LOS ANGELES - Police say they have exhausted 
most of their viable leads in the investigation of last 
quarter's murder at the UCLA Medical Center, but they 
have increased the reward for information to $40,000 and 
released a composite of a man seen in the hospital on the 
morning of the shooting. 

"We are trying to account for everyone who was in the 
area," said university police Lt. Jim Kuehn. "And right 
now we can't find out why this individual was there." 

Six people confirmed seeing the unknown individual 
on Feb. 19, when patient escort Diondra Ann Picou was 
fatally shot through the heart and escort dispatcher Nora 
S. Arellano was severely injured. 

Flyers with the composite and information about the 
reward have been posted around campus, in the Medical 
Center, and in South Los Angeles, since police believe 
that the individual is from that area, university police 
Chief John Barber said. 

The possible suspect is a 16 to 18-year-old black male 
with brown eyes, black hair, and a light complexion. He 
is about 5 feet 7 inches tall and weighs 140 to ISO pounds. 

Police believe the man may be a former or current 
employee, and that he either witnessed the shooting or 
played a part in it. But detectives say they are still open to 
suggestions. 

Most leads have been exhausted, Los Angeles Police 
Lt. Ron Hall said following a press conference held on 
March 20. 

"We want people to call us if they have information, 
even a theory. We' re open for anything we can get. .. even 
if it may seem insi gnificant, it's important to us ." 

Hall defended the open solicitation. 
" I frequently do this when I run out of leads, and 

oftentimes it proves successful. This miscreant snook 
who took that poor lady's life and hurt that other lady has 
to be caught. Nobody ha the right to commit that kind of 
act and get away with it " he added 

\~ ~: _ i 
-~ 

.CiJ 
, I 

I\E.~ . W\l1\iS E'/t.R~O!'lE OClt\(, ' 
AR£. P£<)I'\.£. S'tI \1'C.\\I\'\G-
IT"'f'.\S, OR V{\1I1.T' nI£ 
G\J'(S ~ T Bll.T ARE OO'+J 

O\JT II€RE ' 

0 ! t j ( • ~ I \ \ .. ", ' ,I • r \ 
4 -l. ! 

'tI11/',t !>. \)t5o\.r>.Tt P\.~Ct 
10 & TW.P?£P· SPIH TRIES 

D't.~\,t 1\n:.L~ lCl R't..V/l,IR, HIS 
DiSI>.BlE.1) SI'P.CKRAV' · 

by Bill Watterson 

~al 1'1'\ SuRE ~~Ot\E 
W()I.)lO '1.u. "'E. \ ~ I W~ 
SWPOstD 10 '3'i:. \)O\1-\G-

II.Nin\\NG \)\~8'1.\ , 

I~ ~ 
. 1 I \ .:."?'I /' I / . 

HIGH tl~ 
10 lEtr 
FIELD ! 
W>10'S 
Q\)T 
~ERt: ?" 

-

~ \jE\l() 1'1>.\)5£5 
rn~s ~E. 
(p", lION ()N \ill' 

~ORI'l.OI>l ALlfHS.' 
SPIFf GRAg-;. 1<1". 

Sl/>,S1trl.-

E*UCSDNEWSJ 
Cancer Preparation Workshops Set 
To Be Held This Week on Campus 

"The Gentle Art of Self-Defense," workshops which 
will teach self-examination for breast and testicular can-
cer, will be held today at 7 p.m. at Revelle's Why Not 
Here?, at the Warren Commons at 8 p.m .• and in the Muir 
Apartment Lounge at 8:30 p.m. On Wednesday, a work-
shop will be held in the Pepper Canyon Lodge at 7:30 p.m. 

Students can also have their skin checked for skin 
cancer by a physician from noon to I p.m. on Tuesday at 
the Price Center Plaza. 

Free brochures and sunscreen are available while 
supplies last at the Revelle Sundry Store, Peterson Hall , 
the Fifth College Residence Hall Annex Building, Can-
yonview Recreation Facility, and the Student Health 
Service Building. 

CWD Films to Be Shown Tomorrow 
The Committee for World Democracy will continue its 

political film series Tuesday with the film ''The Wob-
blies," discussing America's labor history from 1905 to 
World War I. Members ofthe Industrial Workers of the 
World (JWW) organization. nicknamed the Wobblies, 
traveled from coast to coast with solidarity as their slogan 
and a goal of organizing the entire working class into one 
big union. Monty Kroopkin, San Diego IWW delegate, 
wiIJ introduce the film. 

In addition, the program will feature "Harlan County, 
U.S.A.," an Academy Award-winning documentary. 

The films will be shown in TLH 107 at 7 p.m. 

Grove Photo Contest Announced 
The Grove Gallery will hold an "All-UC Photography 

exhibition" from May 31 through June 23 . The deadline 
for enrries is May 4. 

The Associated Students last week approved a pur-
chase award of up to $300 for a photograph taken by a 
UCSD student. 

Photographs taken by career employees, faculty . gradu-
ate, and undergraduate students in the UC system are 
eligible for entry. Each person may submit up to two 
works, printed in black and white or in color. 

For further informatron, contact the Grove Gallery at 
534-2637. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason Snell, Associate News Editor 

GTheUCSD VABDIAN 
PHL GRUEN, EdIttK In CIt,., 
ROBIN MAC LEAN. '*"-II/tItI Editor 
ANTON BmNER, ,.". EdllOT 
Ba. BOYCHUK, ~ OpInIon Edltot' 
DAVID BURKHART, OpInion Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Spon. EdIfor 
JAMES COLLIER. FNtuIH Edllor 
CATHERINE DlUE,"'" EdIIor 
RANDY DOTlNGA, Copy Edllor 
DOREEN ERENEA, ~. Falun. Edllor 
LARA HEISLER, A-w. ArQ/Ent.n.ln",.,,' Editor 
PATRICIA JETTIE, ArI~"rr.Jnmen1 Editor 
GAIL JOHNSON, A_.,. PIIolo Edllor 
PETER KO, A-'- $po"" Edllor 
HELENA lENG l OH, ARocIa,. Arf&/En,.".,,,,,,,,,,, Editor 
JEFF OUAN, Grl#phlc. Edllor 
JASON SNEll, A_oc.,. ,... Editor 
J ENNIFER YANCEY, A_I.,. AttSlEnl.rtlll"""",t Editor 
RIMAS UZGIRIS, PIIolo EdilOr 
SenIor SIIII wntn: Mba Adleman. Maty Belly Heard. CIwIIIina Huizar. Brian 
\low. o.WI Wyner 
SIIIIWriIn:JohnAsuncion. Mice Berta, Waller BrtII. Eric Broslo.l.et BruvoId. SeoIt 
easm., Pierre de GaIIonle.1IeIInda HMIII!ln. JuIe HeimIe<. Grace Lee. Adam 
Leoiy. D ... Urdstrom. James Milliner. Josh Odintt. Man. Pastemail, David P01Icha. 
MaW- Rasband. Tom Rizzu1I. Mdrew RoWna. Mati Aochios. o.we RosenINI. 
Uor Rozenman, Sllnatl\ Sanda. MIchIeI Sd1wI!U. Doug ShaddIt, Uncia Sp/w1e(. 
Chris S1ei16, Jean Suz .. I. KaYin T_. Nicola Whitehead. Jeff Yamaguchi 
PhoIog!lphtra: IoIichatI AmitI. Greg Benes. JemiIe< ~oIIky. CoryLidschln. Ed lim. 
F!W'I< Lum. Sue Mapes. Brian Morris. Ja",,,. Muldoon. John (Juran!. Dartyl Yee. 
Felix ZIIlIga 
_:MioeCavna,IIiIoCooper. Tany Fvenles. Carin Lew. Mel MarceIo,Leigh 
Nwtt~, Katy Rot. Trrome T~ 
T~piItI: I.IrIy BIcIInch. KAlIl l!icI*I. ....... FawI, .lin Muh 
ea" AllIIn: HcIV CcqleI. Greg Hu1IIIuaIr. Julie Puzon. JtIIIt SprInger 

ProductIoII:T'.:y~. GraceCllul, IoIoIndaHnlltorl. CindyWoo. JeftYanagucN 
TNiIIIIO '*-I, SIll SIaIIr. David Wyn« 
Boa DeANDREA, BIIsJ,... u.n.g.r 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Adwrtl.lnllllMeger 
Mll<E MARTINEZ, Adnrtllllnfl DNlgfIM 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Cl8ulfled R.ptw_nl.,/" . 
Account EMcutIve: David W!r* 
AdWrIIIIng ..... 1: Loeme IIoIorVe 
CIrt:uIItion: John DIndo. Jot Loe, MicIlOIIo Rand.1II 

71wUCSO Go.owt.IMio~lIondaysandlhllldly$ cIvnroQ'" """'""'~ , ... by and 
101 ... -. of UCSO ~ of "'"IIOWII>IPI' on any form. n'" '" whoIt or 
In pot1. WI1I1<M perm ...... " *lO'dIr p<ohibIttd, C 1990. oJ ,Igh. ,_ 
Tho UCSIJGoa-tt.I e OOI'~ 10< lht .... rn 01 unooIicI1td ~ 0< ao. Tho 
...... _ 10 grop/1lcall1d..".. Ifn ... or comm_do 001-'1"",,0-
stnllhtopllions oI71w UCSIJ~ 1ht Urw'r$I1J 0I ca.f ..... or lilt _td Sill· 
_ of UCSO Phono 1110 ~ _lilt ktcIs 

Editocia\: 534·6580 Business: 534·3466 Fax: 534·7691 
UCSD Guardian, B-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 

, I 

Monday, April 30, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

UCSD Administrators Prepare 
For Future Disasters on Campus 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISISt 

WE'VE GOT 
By RANDY DOTINGA 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSD officials are currently 
revising the Campus Emergency 
Operations Manual, which gives 
instructions for campus operation 
after earthquakes and other disas-
ters. 

The previous emergency opera-
tions manual "left too many ques-
tions unanswered. We felt it was 
inevitable that we ' re going to have 
a disaster, and we need to be as pre-
pared for it as 
possible," said 

administrators who "have exper-
tise in special areas," includes the 
director of the Internal Medicine 
Group at the School of Medicine, 
the director of Environmental 
Health & Safety, and the police 
chief among others, he said. 

Response team members would 
then follow specific checklists in 
the emergency operation manual 
regarding the emergency response 
activities of their departments, 
Anderson said. 

In addition, approximately 

eryone had the right idea about 
what we should do, who should we 
call .... They did an excellent job." 

If a disaster occurs during the 
night, the senior law enforcement 
officer on campus would take 
charge of emergency operations, 
Anderson said. Senior administra-
tors would be contacted and told to 
go to the campus. 

However, Anderson admitted 
that UCSD 's ability to respond to 
an emergency would be hampered 
if the disaster occurred at night or 

during the 
weekend, when 

• 

THE CURE! 

novetty Items' gin wrapping' balloons' greetlng cards 

~_La:e se::::n: ::~I::I~:::::~:C Mall 
(next to carlos Murphy's) 

™ 453-999.3 w. I ~ , OPEN DAILY 
Illstructo,.'s Course Rell{le,.,~ , 

• UCSD Police Chief John An-
derson, a mem-
ber of the team 
that has been 

'I think we would be in pretty 
decent shape [in a disaster].' 

most adminis-
trators are not 
on campus. 

"During a 
regular day we 
would have 
more medical 
resources and 

• 
• 
• Ca' Copy • • • 
• 

• SELF SERVICE COPIERS • revising the 
manual since 
the middle of 

-UCSD Police Chief 
John Anderson • • • • 

• • last year. The revi-
sions primarily involve clarifying 
aspects of the previous manual, 
said Sg!. Dave Rose, a member of 
the revision team. The campus de-
partments that would playa role in 
emergency operations are also 
revising their written procedures, 
he said. 

The plans in the revised man-
ual , which is still in draft form, 
would become fully operational in 
the event of a disaster, Anderson 
said. The manual provides proce-
dures for the isolation of the cam-
pus from the rest of the city and 
county for as long as 72 hours. 

According to Anderson, imme-
diately after a disaster, campus 
officials would decide whether or 
not to declare an emergency. If an 
emergency was declared, the 
campus Emergency Response 
Team would be notified. 

The response team, made up of 

2,000 staff members on campus 
who have specialized training in 
ham radio operation, firefighting. 
medicine. and other areas that 
would be useful in the wake of a 
disaster would be called, Ander-
son said. 

On Friday, officials from 
UCSD and several local medical 
and research facilities held a "table-
top disaster" to test their ability to 
respond to an emergency situation, 
Rose said. 

According to Rose, the offi-
cials were presented with a sce-
nario in which a tanker truck of 
chlorine had spilled its contents 
near Interstate Five and Old Mi-
ramar Road, threatening the cam-
pus with a gaseous cloud of ch lo-
rine. 

"I was very impressed with the 
overall knowledge of the group 
that was there," Rose said. "Ev-

Rlmas UzglrlSlGllordian 
The UCSD Wind Ensemble performed as part of UCSD's 
Opert House festivities Sunday afternoon in the Price Center. 

people to putthe 
plan into imme-

diate effect," he said. But at night 
or on the weekend, " it would take 
a while to get things together. " 

One immediate concern follow-
ing a disaster would be medical 
care for those injured, Anderson 
said. Clifford Dasco, Director of 
the Internal Medicine Group, who 
would be in charge of emergency 
medical operations after a disaster, 
said UCSD is well prepared to take 
care of injured people in the after-
math of an earthquake or similar 
emergency. 

"We are very densely populated 
in terms of medical personnel.. .. I 
think we would be in pretty decent 
shape" he said. 

He added that if the campus 
was cut off from local public hos-
pitals, the facilities atthe Veterans 
Administration Hospital would be 
available for campus use. 

IfUCSD was isolated from the 
rest of San Diego, Food Services is 
prepared to feed any stranded 
people on campus for up to three 
days, said Larry Barrett, director 
of Housing and Food Services. 

"People on campus would have 
food and water.. .. [But] you 
couldn't have unlimited seconds, 
and you probably wouldn ' t have 
three meals a day," Barrett said. 

• 
• 
• 
• 

There are several caches of 
bottled water on campus to pro-
vide drinking water for anyone 
stranded on campus after a disas- I 
ter,Anderson said. But if the bottled 
water supply proves to be insuffi- I 
cient, it could be supplemented by I 

Hours: Mon.-Thu. 8:3M:30; Fri . 8:3G-6; Sat. 12-4 
Exp. SI3OI9O 

il l/I/ollliol (t (tlj'\1 10 /)0"''''11 I, 1',..:.:0) 452.9949 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279·5955 
D' AGNESSA Insurance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave. Ste. 215 
San Diego, CA 92111 

ALSO: MEDICAUDENTAlITRAVEL INSURANCE 

Norw featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! T 'u &.0 '" 

HOURS: 11-1 0:30 Sun,-Thurs, 
11-11 Fri. & Sot, 

1;-
\ .......... r 

.. .,. .. ? 

". 

. 

~-
~ LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd, . Ste. 108 

(in Von's Shopping Center) 
v ,q.u .. , .. \ ,.:~.. (q ..... ~ 

o "!'o 
.. IXID· 

--------------------

• 
• 
• 
• 

25% I OFF ~lct~~ I large frozen yogurt I 
I purifying the more than one mil- I Void with ony other offer, Toppings not included, Expires 5{6{9O, 

lion gallons of water in the two L ____________________ .J 
campus pools at Canyonview and 
the Natatorium, he said . 

The water from the pools could 
also be pumped out and used to 
fight fires if UCSD is cut off from 
the nearest fire stations, Anderson 
said. 

Barrett said that while the cur-
rent emergency operations proce-
dure of Housing and Food Serv-
ices is adequate to handle a disas-
ter, it is also "scrawny" and unor-
ganized. 

"We have an unwritten plan in 
kind of an outline form. We have 
to sit down and put it on paper," he 
said, adding that a committee is 

See DISASTER, page 9 

r~-------------------, I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

2 TANS 1 
One for You, One for a 

I TRIM & TAN· UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct .• 455-0909 
1 __ ~a~c Bea~ ~s: V~~State College • Sports Ar:a ~ncinit~ __ 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! I 1 1 European Body Wrap - Only $48 
1 Not a temporary water loss. Reduce celkJite and stretch maIks. 

can tor dtIa!Is • 2nd 30 1111 days $39.99' FnHime clienlS Expin$ 811/90 L ____________________ ~ 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 26, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN, Editor in Chief 
ROBI MAC LEAN, Managing Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
A TO BITTNER, News Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

TM UCSD Guardian 15 published Iwice wttk.l), fllihe Univrrshy of Ca lifoml3, San Dlcgo. Conlents C 1990. 
Views expressed herein represent the m~ty vote ofthc odllori~l board, and are not necc:~ly ttwRofthc 
UC Board of Relents, the ASUCSO , nor II'Ic: (nli~ GllOrdian staff. 

Overworked TAs 

Neglecting An Essential 
The UCSD undergraduate is faced with a distinct threat to the 

caliber of education he is receiving. Many graduate student 
teaching assistants are severely overworked, a problem which is 
proving to be detrimental to the quality of certain classes. The 
A sociation of Student Employees (ASE) met last Thursday 
night to see if anything could be done to remedy the situation. 

The problem has been focused primarily on TAs in the depart-
ment of literature, and T As affiliated with college writing pro-
grams. The problem is that many TAs are greatly exceeding their 
contracted 20- hour work week by sometimes as much as 100 
percent. That means many T As are forced to manage what 
amounts to a full-time job in addition to concentrating on their 
graduate studies. 

According to a T A for the Third College Writing Program, the 
program's writing office does offer suggestions to lighten the 
workload. but most of those ideas are what he called "ridicu-
lous." The writing office suggests writing fewer comments on 
students ' papers, and spending only 15 minutes or so grading 
each individual'S work. 

Those suggestions are ridiculous. 
Suggesting that T As spend less time concentrating on the 

student's writing development completely defeats the purpose of 
the program. In the case of Third College, its program is virtually 
all writing, and does not have lectures, midterms, or finals. 
According to the Third TA, the quality of the program is 
suffering because students aren't getting the time they deserve. 

The result of an overworked TA is an uneducated student. 
The ASE understood the problem and sought to find ways to 

lessen it. Some of the ASE's suggestions included reducing the 
number of students in sections, and hiring more T As to make T As 
responsible for only one section per week. 

The ASE's recommendations, though obviously in the best 
interests of both the T A s and the students, are easier said than 
done. As is often the case, the availability of funds plays a very 
important role here. Unlike the larger, research - oriented de-
part.ments, such as biology or chemistry, which receive large 
grants and have enormous budgets, literature and the other 
humanitjes subjects don't share such an advantage. 

This is not to say that biology and chemistry TAs, or any 
others, have it easy. In fact, all graduate students are required to 
be a T A for at least one quarter without pay as part of their quest 
for a master 's degree. This is to say, however, that literature and 
writing T As may have it particularly hard. 

The nature of all of the colleges' writing programs is such that 
20 hours a week simply isn ' t enough. Deborah Small, director of 
the Warren College Writing Program, said it best: "The writing 
part of education is critical."TAs often find themselves spending 
a great deal of time reteaching the basics of grammar and style. 
There' s nothing wrong with that. In fact, that certainly is one of 
the main reasons why every college has some sort of writing 
program: to teach students to master the use of grammar in 
writing and to improve their analysis and critical thinking skills. 

So how do we deal with this problem? 
First, it is essential that the literature and college writing 

departments hire more TAs in order to make sure TA are not 
assigned to more than one section. To do so, these departments 
need more funding . 

The question, then, is where will the money to fund these de-
partments come from? Perhaps the university could see fit to 
divert more money to these programs from departments which 
receive millions in outside funding each year, like physics , 
oceanography, and engineering. 

Those programs are important; they represent a large percent-
age of undergraduates and graduates, and the work they do is 
quite necessary to maintain the reputation and prestige of the uni-
versity. But at the same time, we need to produce physicists and 
e ngineers who can write a coherent sentence. 

The next step should come from Ihe top administrative levels. 
They need to make every effort to relieve the over-taxed T As and 
make college writing programs as high a priority as other, more 
research-oriented programs. 

Third College Should Require Gender Studies 
Editor: 

I have recently learned that in 
its new proposal for the revision 
of the Third College general edu-
cation requirement (to be imple-
mented in 1991), the Third Col-
lege Curriculum Committee has 
formally recognized the need for a 
"cultural diversity" requirement 
which includes courses in ethnic 
studies and Third World studies. 

These provisions are undoubt-
edly welcomed by all of the stu-
dents and staff who are actively 
concerned with creating and main-
taining an academic environment 
which stresses the need for knowl-
edge and appreciation of cultural 
diversity and for the study and 
analysis of continued forms of 
racial oppression. 

In light of this apparent ac-
knowledgement of the social and 
political significance of a cultural 
diversity requirement, I was dis-
appointed and somewhat amazed 
to learn that the new proposal fails 
to include a specific gender stud-
ies requiremenr, or a specific 
gender studies box within or in 
supplementation of the "Diver-
sity, Justice, Imagination" se-
quence which will replace the 
"Societal Analysis" requirements 
currently in effect. 

Indeed, it is ironic that an 
agenda which contends to pro-
mote such an esteemed set of 
societal values overlooks the value 
of requiring a gender ' studies 
course which, in the words of the 
National Women 's Studies Asso-
ciation Tas~ Force, "promotes an 
understanding of gender as a per-
vasive social construction that 
reflects and determines differen-
tials of power and opportunity in 
the human community." 

Courses in gender studies are a 
crucial part of any college educa-
tion because they demand a cri-
tique of existing theories and 
methodologies which lead to the 
formulation of new frameworks 
with which to analyze concepts in 

BENSON 

all academic fields. Most impor-
tantly, gender studies courses pro-
vide something not generally 
found in any other course or disci-
pline: a primary focus on gender 
in a complex system of analysis 
which includes race, class, ethnic-
ity, nationality, and sexual iden-
tity as fundamental categories of 
social and cultural analysis. 

When my father accompanied 
me to a Third College orientation 
session four years ago, he asked 
the history professor who spoke to 
his group why UCSD did not have 
a Women's Studies Department. 
The professor replied in a cun 
tone that this was due to the fact 
that gender studies was merely a 
"passing fad" which he suspected 
would soon meet an academic 
extinction. 

Four years and eight women's 
studies courses later, [ remain 
unconvinced that the popularity 
of gender studies courses is on the 
wane, as I am sure so also do the 
thousands of women and men who 
have worked for the creation and 
continuation of the 502 women's 
studies programs which exist 
across the country. 

I also remain angry that many 
of the administrators and curricu-
lum devisers on campus continue 
to overlook the need for strong 

and ongoing upport for the 
Women 's Studies Program and/ 
or future Department which has 
the resources to offer a wide se-
lection of gender studies courses 
in all of the participating disci-
plines -literature, history, soci-
ology, communication, political 
science, anthropology, visual arts, 
music, and philosophy. 

It does not suffice to promise 
an integration of gender analysis 
within other courses which do not 
approach gender as a primary /0-
ells. 

The incorporation of a gender 
studies course in the general edu-
cation requirements of future stu-
dents of Third College is one step 
in demonstrating that kind of 
support, and in providing a place 
for students to be exposed to the 
type of consciousness raising 
which happens in any academic 
setting where the complexities of 
gender and racial oppression are 
explored. 

It seems to me that an educa-
tion in pursuit of "Diversity, Jus-
tice, and Imagination" should be 
equipped with the tools of femi-
nist scholarship which take the 
diversity of women's experience 
in androcentric views of human 
behavior, culture, and society. 

Laura Saponara 

Will Watering the Asphalt 
Make Parking Lots Grow? 
Editor: 

The other day, as I was perusing the Guardian, I found an 
article ("Why the Sprinklers Water the Concrete at UCSD," 
Thursday, April 19) about a man wading through a small river 
created by the Regents' sprinklers, and it made me laugh. 
However, I do have a word I would like to add to Jackson 
Maddux's excellent comment on the intimate relationship be-
tween water and concrete here at UCSD. 

If it 's really true, why don't they water the parking lots more 
often? 

Shirley Pope 

NEWS 7 
, . , ,. , , 

Thursday, April 26, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

GUAimIAN Cl(!!.;up 
• 

Looking to the Real World: Experiencing Life Out of the Classroom 
By DA VID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

An interview with a "Big Eight" firm 
can be intimidating. The Big Eight ac-
counting firms (there's only six now 
because of mergers) have long domi-
nated aUditing, and in recent years have 
expanded into a wide variety of other 
corporate services. 

going to launch into a trite discussion of 
how being involved in campus activities 
makes you a better person. Well, I am. You 
might as well flip to the Features section. 

For those few of you left, rUlet you in 
on something: belonging to organizations 
will help your post-coUege career. I know 
careers aren't something often thoUght about 
at UCSD, the bastion of the theoretical. But 

Andersen partner was looking for - a 
knowledge of how to work with people. 

It's a different talent than getting along 
with people. Working with them, dealing 
with the politics of an organization, the 
little power struggles and the difference of 
opinion, are all skills that can't be taught in 
a classroom. Working under deadlines, 
defusing arguments- the list is long. These 

22). I worked hours on it, and other 
people are working even harder. I also 
have an editorial to write fornext Thurs-
day, and 20 or 30 phone calls to make. 
It's alotofwork, but to get the benefit of 
organizations, you do have to work your 
butt off. 

In December, I interviewed with 
Andersen Consulting, Arthur Andersen 
& Co.' s systems integration practice. 
One of the toughest questions I was 
asked in the interview came from a part-
ner. He looked at my resume: the many 
economic theory classes, the engineer-
ing classes (I staned out as an engineer-
ing major), and the math and science 
classes. 

"So," he said, "have you taken any 
classes dealing with people?" 

... I know careers aren't something often thought 
about at UCSD, the bastion of the theoretical. But 
someday the vast majority of students will be out in 
the real world (the rest will become professors or 
remain New Indicator staff members or something) ... 

That's what I like, though. A few 
years ago, I wouldn't have believed how 
much stress I can take. If you think you 
don't have time to become involved in 
organizations, trust me - the more you 
take on, the more efficiently you learn to 
manage your time. To a certain extent, 
anyway; I've suffered from over-com-
mitment before, and I will again. That 's 
a learning experience too. 

My involvement with organizations 
such as Alpha Kappa Psi, the Guardian, 
and the Society for the Advancement of 
Management has helped me to grow 
immeasurably . The roommates I've had 
from far-off lands such as Vietnam, 
Mexico, and Minnesota have also taught 
me a lot too. 

People? Talk about people in a class 
at UCSD? That's impossible - if you 
can't graph it or integrate it, it doesn't 
exist. But I said, "Well, [ am a history 
minor, and rve taken a lot of political 
science classes." 

That seemed to satisfy him. I got the 
job, and so, come July, I'm going to be 
an "Arthur Android." But the question 
bothered me. My answer wasn't a very 
good one. I've never taken a class that 
taught me about people. That may be 
overstating the case a little bit, but not 
very much. 

I learned about people by joining or-
ganizations. This is where I'm going to 
lose most readers - it sounds like ['m 

someday the vast majority of students will 
be out in the real world (the rest will be-
come professors or remain New Indicator 
staffmembersorsomething). The real world 
won't really care very much if you can 
integrate a function or discuss Plato elo-
quently. I've taken very few classes that 
dealt with the real world (professor Carroll 
Foster's Economics 178 - forecasting -
class springs to mind as an exception). 

That doesn't mean that knowledge from 
classes is useless. But you need practical 
knowledge, and rm talking about some-
thing more than what usually passes for 
"practical,"likekeeping a ledger or reading 
a balance sheet. I'm talking about what the 

Unreasonable Parking Administration 
Editor: 

I arrived at UCSD at exactly 12 p.m. the 
other day. Most of the meters in lot 206 had 
iittle blue bags over them which said "re-
served" and there were no cars parked at 
them. I did find a space, and I parked at 
meter 206-5 and put in enough money for 
two hours of parking. I 
arrived back at my 
space at 2:01 p.m. and 
witnessed one of the 
parking enforcement 
attendants placing a 
ticket on my car. timed 
at2:00p.m.lexplained 

tions Supervisor] Howard Finnecy, Police 
Chief John Anderson, and a vice chancel-
lor, then- A.S. President Maynard Dim-
mesdale and I handed them this petition. 

Howard Finnecy looked at it and told us 
that he did not believe students understood 
what they were signing. (At that meeting 

Chief Anderson re-
minded Maynard and 
me that the parking of-
fice issues two "A" 
permits to the 
ASUCSD every year 
for two of its mem-
bers ' use and that they 

that I came out to put were still available-
more money in the we didn ' t take him up 
meter, but the attendant on his offer.) 
just walked away say- We then put the 
ing nothing. night time parking is-

We all know that sue on the election 
parking is a problem ballot for that year. 
here on campus. There This time we were 
have been leners in the careful to explain what 
Guardian ad nauseum the is ue involved 0 
about it. The parking tha~ no one would be 
people get a lotofflack. misled. By a vast 

[ would encourage majority, students 
themtojustanswerone were opposed to 
question: Why do you Graphk by Tyrome TrlpollfGulll1liDn charging for night-
people have to add to your unpopularity by time parking, according to the results. 
being so unreasonable? Still , they did not listen. 

Is it really necessary to stay a ticket for I do not know what it will take to con-
individuals when they arrive while the ticket vince Finnecy that his administration of 
is being written? parking on this campus is unreasonable. 

Doesn't this policy reflect the purpose Maybe the first time some guy gets beaten 
of the university? up and robbed or some girl gets raped 

Might it not be that your public image walking to het car at night off campus, he 
would be better if you were not 0 unrea- will be convinced. But I doubt it. The prob-
sonable? lem is not helped by A.S. representatives to 

Last year I turned in u petition to the the Parking Committee who find his posi-
Parking Officeopposi ngchurging fornight- tion so convincing and vote in his favor, in 
time parking. It contained over3,300signa- pite of how the majority of tudent feels. 
tures. At a meeting with [Parking Opera- Bard-Alan Finlan 

skills are critical to success in any line of 
work. 

I spent several hours today revising a 
flyer, pamphlet, and poster for a I OK/2.5 
mile run Alpha Kappa Psi is holding May 
19. Alpha Kappa Psi is aco-ed professional 
business fraternity I joined when the UCSD 
chapter was founded last year. It brought 
me into contact with many outstanding 
people, andIleamed a lot from those friend-
ships. 

It also made me waste a beautiful Friday 
afternoon working on publicity. The race is 
destined for greatness, with a lot of people 
working hard to make it come together 
(shameless plug: check out the ad on page 

Don't miss the real college experi-
ence. Just going to class is a terrible 
waste (sometimes, going to class at all 
can be a waste). Get in volved. and you'll 
never be the same. 

The UCSD Guardian "Close-up" 
appears every Momhly and is writ, 
ten by a different staff member each 
week. 

Tyrannical Regents and the Co-ops 
Editor: 

As I was reading an exerpt from Going Public by Sam Kernell, I realized 
something about the governing regents in respect to their relationship with the co-
operatives on campus and the student body as a whole. Kernell points out that the late 
political theorist Montesquieu believed that unchecked power is inherently corrupt. 

This concept preoccupied the Founding Fathers as they deliberated a new 
constitutional order. The result was dispersed governmental authority wherever 
possible, autonomous institutions with formal relations among them. 

The power of the Regents has become relatively unchecked and belittles and 
controls student opposition handily. The co-ops ' autonomy could be the final straw 
in the Regents ' quest to rid the institution of anything but token democratic forces. 

Tyranny is a strong word, and unfortunately it describes "the [lowers that be·· more 
aptly by the day. The temlS of the co-ops' lease agreement are far from unreasonable. 
Yet there seems to be no attempt of compromise or even real communication by the 
Regents,just the erving of a notice of eviction. Why not forget this pedestal of power 
and look to the model of institutionalized pluralism for guidance in the realm of 
problem solving? Sadly enough, I think I know the answer. Power blinds: its effect 
is not being able to see what is happening. 

The result that the Regents cannot realize is that the students are losing. They are 
creating an uncreative and selfish fraternity. Reasonably-priced books and food 
might soon be replaced by tho e of the corporate style machine. An ever-Changing 
multifaceted education should be the norm, and instead rapid growth (monetary gain) 
and control of individual form are banishing it to history. 

The co-ops need rudents to expre s their upport by writing a letterto one of "the 
powers that be" today. 

Dan Lorch 

The U(SD Guardian welcomes your letters and 
commentaries. Drop your letter at the Guardian offices 
(on the second floor of the Student Center, where the 
A.S. offices used to be) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor, The Guardian, 
1-016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Letters should be typed, double-spaced, and should include 
a signature and phone number. We reserve the right 
to edit leiters for length and 
clarity. Deadline for I.tters 
for Monday's issue is noon 
on Friday. Deadline for 
Thursday s issue is noon 
Monday. 



, I 

6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 30, 1990 

A Healthy Dose of Vinegar: Challenging TV Sets Example For Politics 
A few months ago, I wrote about a new 

TV show called "The Simp ons," featuring 
an animated family that had suffered a total 
meltdown. Now Homer, Marge, and off-
spring grace the cover of Newsweek, and T-
shirts have blossomed all over the country, 
featuring the likeness of and favorite phra es 
from young Bart (" Don' t havea cow, dude"). 

Jeff Greenfield 
Universal Press Syndicate 

Why am I revisiting the Simpsons -
apart, of course, from publicly congratulat-
ing myself on my perception? Because the 
remarkable success of the program along 
with other evidence from the mass media 
suggest that maybe,just maybe, the Ameri-
can public is not quite as credulous, as 
stunted, as bovine as some social critics 
suggest. 

After decades of being called a "cookie-
cutter medium" or "chewing gum for the 
eyes," commercial network television has 
become a much quirkier place. Families no 
longer all look like those on 'The Brady 
Bunch" or "The Pan ridge Family," bright-
eyed, bushy-tailed, relentlessly miling. 

Instead, we have . 'Roseanne , .. where 
husband and wife are seriou Iyoverweight 
and-more imponant-seriously under-
paid, where paying the light bill and making 
the rem are never-ending obsessions. 

We have " thinysomething," where one 
of the major characters is waging a life-and-
death struggle with ovarian cancer. 

We have "Married .. . With Children," 

with a family characterized by dad 's fail-
ure, mom's resentment, and kids who oscil-
late between mischief and felonious con-
duct. 

We have "Twin Peaks," a continuing 
murder-drama whose look, tone, and pace 
are un ettling, disturbing, ominous - and 
radically different from the reassuring, 
calming pace supposedly required to sell 
the wares of those who advertise on TV. 

This shift did not occur because network 
programmers suddenly became imbued 
with the urge to be more creative. It hap-
pened because cable, pay-cable, and VCRs 
have siphoned million of viewers every 
night. 

Commercial networks now have to be 

more creative to keep their audiences; they 
also need not appeal to quite as big an 
audience as they used to, so more risks can 
be taken. 

But look at what they found when they 
did begin to program beyond the last 
carbon copy of the 
last tough-cop or 
cu te -kids con-
cept. They found 
an audience 
ready, even eager, 
to be shaken up, to 
be startled, even, at 
times , to be of-
fended. 

Nor is this no-

tion confined to TV. For years, morning ra-
dio personalities have drawn audiences by 
shaking up their listeners. 

While the TV networks offer up attrac-
tive, cheerful personalities, radio gives us 

the likes of New York'sDon 
Imus - a splendidly pro-
fane, misanthropic fellow 
who mocks politicians, 
media heavies, and ce-
lebrities without regard 

to color, creed, or sexual 
preference. 
Now here's the intriguing part 

of all thi : If viewers and listeners 
can accept a heady dose of vinegar in a 

medium where sticky syrup was the rule, 
what about accepting more challenging fare 
in our political life? 

Is it really true that politicians can suc-
ceed only by following the polls? (Reagan 
and Bush were elected despite strong anti-
abortion stands, and most Americans sup-
port some form of capital punishment by 
huge margins.) 

Is it really true that politicians can' t 
argue forthrightly for what they believe-
whether tax hikes, or entitlement cuts, or 
massive reductions in defense spending, or 
a frontal assault on the collapse of the black 
family? 

Maybe it's time for a new standard of 
political discourse; maybe we should ask 
our prospective leaders to take the same 
level of risk as our TV programmers. If 
millions of TV viewers can be drawn to 
challenging fare, maybe millions of voters 
can be drawn the same way. 

BE A PART OF HISTORYI 
The Guardian is planning to publish three times a week beginning next fall. But we can't do it without some extra 
help. To meet the demands of increased publication, we've added more positions in various departments. 

APPLICATIONS ARE BEING ACCEPTED FOR THE FOLLOWING 
POSITIONS FOR THE 1990-91 STAFF OF THE UCSD GUARDIAN: 

EDITOR IN CHIEF 
MANAGING EDITOR 
NEWS EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR (3) 
OPINION EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR (2) 
FEATURES EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE FEATURES EDITOR (2) 
SPORTS EDITOR 

ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR (2) 
ARTS;ENTERTAINMENT EDITOR 
ASSOC. ARTS, ENTERTAINMENT EDITOR (3) 
PHOTO EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE PHOTO EDITOR 
COPY EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE COpy EDITOR 
GRAPHICS EDITOR 
TRAINING DIRECTOR (2) 

We encourage any and all to apply for these positions, but you must be an undergraduate at UCSD. You have no Idea 
what you're capable of until you give it a shot. 

Applications for Editor in Chief will be due by 5 p.m. on Saturday, May 5, at the Guardian offices on the second floor of the Student Center. 
Applications for all the other editorial positions listed above will be due on Wednesday, May 9, at the Guardian offices, Applications should 
include a resume, cover letter, and clips (if you have them). Place the application in the Editor in Chief/Managing Editor's box or mail it to Phil 
Gruen, c/o the UCSD Guardian, B·016, La Jolla, CA 92093. For more information, call the Guardian at 534·6580. 

Monday,April30,19~9~O ______________________________ T_h_e _U_C_S_D __ G_u_u_w_·an _________________________________________ N==E=W=S==7 

PROTEST: UCSD Researcher Responds 
Continued from page 1 
the group of protesters marc hed 
through campus to the beat of 
drummer from the CM Cafe who 
led the contingent . 

UCSD and el ewhere. 
Zola-Morgan claimed that sci-

en ti sts themselves are "animal-
welfare activists," and have no 
des ire to innict unnecessary pain 
upon animals. 

committee that includes members 
of local humane societies, and 
added that there are "safegualds to 
protect against unnecessary pain." 

OVERLOAD: UCSDTAs 
Address Work Problems 

Waller said the purpo eof pro-
testing during Open House was 
not to dissuade potential students 
from attending UCSD, but instead 
to raise awareness of animal rights 
issues. 

"We're not saying that they 
should not go to UCSD, but that 
they think about whatthey' redoing 
when they're here, and change 
things," said Waller, a former 
UCSD student. 

Muir senior Christina Jordan 
said scientists who take part in 
animal research must have "cold 
hearts." 

"They can't be completely lov-
ing people if they see and perpe-
trate this kind of thing on helpless 
animals," she said. 

Zola-Morgan said he resented 
the protesters ' charges that scien-
tists are inhuman, and defended 
the use of animals in research at 

"The people here care about 
animals. [The protesters] say we 
like to get up everyday and torture 
the animals, and it's nottrue," said 
graduate student Wendy Suzuki, a 
member of the recently-formed 
UCSD Committee for Animals and 
Animal Research (CFAAR), a 
group that informs people about 
the benefits of animal research at 
UCSD and elsewhere. 

UCSDspokesman Leslie Franz 
said CFAAR's booth in the Open 
House was closed before the 
SDAA protesters marched past it, 
in order to avoid a confrontation. 

According to Zola-Morgan, 
more than 60,000 animals are used 
in research at UCSD each year, 90 
percent of which are rodents. 

Zola-Morgan said all research 
on campus regarding animals goes 
through a ~view process by a 

He ex plained that the 
university'S animal facilities are 
often reviewed by inspectors from 
local, state, and federal organiza-
tions, many times through unan-
nounced visits. 

The scientist denied SDAA 
charges that scientists often know 
about the unannounced inspections 
ahead of time. 

Zola-Morgan said that while 
there are altematives available to 
some animal research, such as 
computer simulations, " there are 
some kinds of questions that sim-
ply can't be answered with other 
methods." 

In response to SDAA claims 
that his research involving induc-
ing amnesia in monkeys was need-
less, Zola-Morgan said its purpose 
was to develop further knowledge 
about memory, so diseases such as 
amnesia and Alzheimer's di sease 
can be better treated. 

COtJtinued from page 1 
According to Third College 

Writing Program Director 
Charles Cooper, T As are the 
primary instructors for Third 
College's two quarter writing 
sequence, which focuses pri-
marily on developing Writing 
skiUs. 

Speaking of the TA work-
loads, Cooper said, "It's very 
easy to commit yourself to a lot 
of rime." 

Stephen Hartnett, a Third 
College Writing Program T A, 
said the writing office offers 
several suggestions to help T As 
decrease their woricload includ-
ing writing less comments 00 
student papers and spending 
only 15 minutes grading each 
paper. 

Hartnett called the sugges-
tion to write less comments on 
the student's papers "ridicu-
lous. " 

University Bookstore 
MAY SAI4E 

May 1-5, 
1990 

Sunshine Store 
specials 

Selected items -
50% offl 

Save 20% on 
Bronson vitaminsl 

Save 20% 
on gifts, clothing, 
office and art 
suppl ies, fi ne wri ti ng 
instruments, general 
books, technical 
books,and special 
sale items! 

LiHmann 
stethoscopes 

Take 
20% off 

this week onlyl 

Hurry for best selection! 
U~IVERSITY 
- -~~;:4 
l;ttlt)(i."tl:ll 

534-READ 
Graduation announcements not tnduded . (Sale does not :.pply to 
Nc:w York 1'Imell lklltscllen!l. mAgR7.tnell. medtCRI book",. tcxtbookll, 
Springer Verlag lIale Items. oompute"" Sunshtne Sto~ mcrr.handlse, 
electronics and medical tnlltrumcnlll .) 

"We're trying to teach them 
to write and to practice restruc-
turing sentences," he said. He 
added that spending only 15 
minutes grading papers short-
changes students. 

"Students are not getting the 
time they deserve from us .... 
The quality of the program is 
suffering," Hartnett said. 

To lower his workload, Hart-
nett said he omits certain parts 
of the curriculum from his sec-
tions. 

"I don't do journal assign-
ments at all," he said, referring 
to the four responsive writings 
students are required to com-
plete each week. 

Changing the number of stu-
dents in a section from 15 to 20 
and requiring T As to teach only 
one section i nstead of two would 
significantly improve the situ-
ation, according to Hartnett. 

See OVERLOAD, page 9 

kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

Mandarin &. Szechwan Cuisine 

UCSD 
SPECIALS 

• ALL YOU CAN EAT $385 
Lunch Buffet 
(Mon.-Sat.) 
• DINNER SPECIAL $, 00 
(an\, dinner Mon.-Thurs.) elf 
• MOTHER'S DAY-speciall1otice 

We'll ~ open Sunday. May JJ 
for a speciDl stJlfood buffrl 

3310Governor 457·3533 
(comer of Governor &: Regent., 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFfORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

( . \ I I l" I· II{" I 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Broke s 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North #315 



8 The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 30, 1990 

A.S • UCSD BULLETIN 
-Paid Advertisement-

AS PROGRAMMING STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
·ro FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS· 
• 
• CALL THE A.S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-8433! • • 
••••• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

A.S. PROGRAMMING COMMITIEE MTG. 
TUES., May 1st at 5:00 PM 

PRICE CENTER CONF. RM. 8 

A.S. FILM SERIES PRESENTS 
{e1q.~~~f PKTURES ft6 
THE UTILE I~ MJEI~~I~~ 

THURSDA Y, MAY 10th ~ PC Theatre 
3 sbowings ~ 6:30, 9:00 & 11:00 ONLY $1.00!!! tix available @ tbe Box orc. 

ASUCSD Programming in association w /MECHA 
present 

lGIF 
May 4th GYM STEPS 4:30pm 

FLORDECANA 
special guest - Lazy Porch Dogs 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
• Revelle College Council Member positions are open • 
: If you are interested, you must attend a mandatory : 
• orientation tonight at 6,7,or 8pm at the Revelle • 
: Provost ofe. : 
• Call X43492 for more info • 
• • 
.. ~ ........................................• 

AUDITION FOR REVELLE TALENT SHOWI!! 
Tues •• Thun •• May 1st Ir 3rd @ 7pm 

WNH? Next to CAF or call Greg @334-3023 

COME SEE THE STARSII! 
REVEUE TALANT SHOW GALA 

THURS., MAY 17TH @ 6pm 
AT STONEHENGE (SOUTH THE IlL LmRARy) 

OPERATION SHADOW 
Volunteers needed for Outreach Program in whIch college students are 
paired with Jr. High School students. 8th graders from MECHA Opportu-
nity. and ADVID Programs of LIncoln MIddle School will arrIve at UCSD on 
Wed .• May 2nd. They will shadow a college student through a typical 
university llfe in hopes of belngmotivated to acqulTe a college education. For 
more info .• contact Pauline @334-4450orattend the INFO MEETING: On 
Mon., AprU SOth, 6-7pm in Gallery B of the Price Center. 

FOLK DANCE CWB & REC DEPT, are sponsoring an English Dancel Fri., May4th 
@ 7:30pm @ the Rec. Conf. Rm. No Partner Necessary - All dances taught. Questions? 
Call 452-2735. FREE!!! 
FRIENDS FOR LIFE - Your new pro-life club on campus announces their Introduc-
tory Mtg. This mtg. Is open for all Interested students. faculty & staff. Get Involved . 
learn the truth about pre-natallifel Wed., May 2nd @ 7pm In the PC San Francisco/ 
Santa Cruz Rm, For more info .• call 552-0353. 
THE INTERNATIONAL CLUB - Interested in USSR? Int't. Club Invites you to an hour 
of dialogue with a student from the Soviet Union who Is In the u .S . for a limited Ume 
only. Tonlte @ 7pm @ the Int'l Center. The InrI Club lnvltes you to a Hawaiian Luau 
on Fri., May 4th. Bring $3 for food & an ID - InrI Ctr. 8pm-12am. Ihe InrI Club is 
going to Disneylnadl Sat., May 12th 9am-9pm. $23 includes admission & trans. Sign 
up @ the Int'l Ctr. in advance. 
L'CHAYIM QUARTERLY needs an editor for 1990-1. (no experience necessary) If 
interested. call Dave Green @ 452-1346, or leave a message at X46244. 
THE LESBIAN a: GAY ORGANIZATION will be having a social on Tues., May 1st In 
the Revelle Formal Lounge, from 4:00-5:30pm. For more Info, call 534·4297. 
RISC- The Ski Club Is having a meeting Wed,. May 2nd, @8:15pm In the Rec. Conf. 
Rm. (by the Main Cym). Spring Ski TrIp photos will be shown and staff applications 
for next year will be handed out. 
SCANS presents Businen and Industry Applications of Neural Networks featuring 
Maureen Caudill w /General Dynamics Space Systems. Tues., May 1st 6:30pm @ the 
PC Davis Rm. 
SOJOURNERS CHRISTIAN FELLOWSHIP - Open to unique are fonns? Not afraid 
to have your values challenged? Bob Seigel will be perfonnlng his one-man drama 
The Dust of Eden, Wed., May 2nd at 7pm In Gallery A of the PC. One-man drama Is 
a fonn similar to ancient oral story-telllng. relying on the audience's use of imagination 
rather than eleborate stage productions. The theme of The Dus t of Eden focuses on 
relaUonships and their effect on the human spirit. 

ALL CRADUATING CHICANOS/IDSPANICS/LATINOS ; 
If you would like to participate In Chicano GraduaUon, meeUngs are held every 

1\iesday 0 4pm at the MECHA ofc. in the PIice Ctr. 
For more info, call the ofc. @ 534-4994 or call Rafael at 453-8255 

THIRD COLLEGE STUDENTS 
Apply now In the Dean's ofc for the poslUon ofThlrd College Student Councll-
At-Large for 1990-91. There are three openings. Deadline to apply is Thurs. 

May 3rc1. Interviews are Saturday, May 5th . 

PRICE CENTER 
THE FREE TRADE DEBATE: 

WILL THE U.S. SIGN AN FTA WITH MEXICO? 
A PUBLIC ROUNDTABLE@UCSD 
WED., MAY 2nd 6 :00 - 8 ;OOpm 

@ The Robinson Bldg. AuditOrium/Grad. School of Int'l 
Relations & Pacific Studies 

···Intended to generate pubUc debate In each country about 
the Issues Involved In negotiating an ITA., a: Its consequences 

for the two societies··· 

I' • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • I, : TIME·AGAINST CRIME FAIR : 
: MAY 2nd 11 :30am - 1 :OOpm : 
• Price Center Plaza • 
• The "Time Against Crime" fair Is an effort to promote student safety and • 
: the prevention of crime. Activities that will be held on the Price Center : 
• plaza Include displays of security and safety devices for cars and • 
: bicycles. security devices for computer, engraving services, a sell- : 
• delense demonstration and other vendors and servIces. • 
' .......................................... ' 

r-------------------------{ ARE YOU PREPARED TO APPLY FOR JOBS AFTER GRADUAnON? "\ 
I Need experience, but don't know how to get it? Apply for a summer or fall qtr, I 
: internship in San Diego and get an edge over other students in the job market. : 

We offer internships in areas such as Art 2. Communications, Biology & Health, 
: Education, Economics & Mgmt, Envir(,~mental Studies, Human Resources, Law : 
1& Politics/Gov't, Science & Technology, dnd Urban Affairs, Deadline to apply is I 
IFri., May 4th @ 3pm. Contact the AS Internship Ofc, @ 534·4689 for more info., I 
\ or stop by - we're located on lhe 3rd fir, of the PC. J 
'-..._-------------------------"" 

, f' t • 

Monday, April 30, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

OVERLOAD: Writing TAs Encouraged 
To Limit Comments on Student Papers 
Continued from page 7 

Nicole Hoffman, director of the Fifth College 
Writing Program, "Making of the Modem World," 
said she is aware that many TAs are working more 
than 20 hours per week, but measures are beiog 

lege Writing Program, said the program "is very 
open to negotiating with the T As. " 

Warren TAs, who are the instructors for the 
course, go through a week of training and have a re-
source manual with sample assignments to help 
them prepare for classes. T As also have a large 
amount of autonomy in choosing their texts from a 
pre-approved reading list, Small said. 

taken to improve the situation. ' 
"We are working with the 18 professors who 

teach Making of the Modem World to negotiate 
less reading," Hoffman said. 

Hoffman said the new policy of fraining the 
TAs to grade more efficiently will be effective in 
reducing the workload. 

"T As tend to want to do more grading than they 
need to." she explained. , 

Deborah Small, acting director of Warren CoI-

In order to help TAs lower their workload, 
Small said that they are encouraged to write sum-
mary comments at the end of student papers in-
stead Of making several individual comments. She 
added that TAs should try to identify one or two 
main difficulties, rather than all the small problems 
at once. 

Ed LlmlGlltVdian 
TAs Jean-louis Momange (l) and louie Matz attended Thursday's meeting on TA overload. 

DISASTER: lJCSD Plans for Catastrophes 
Continued from page 3 
currently working on a new draft 
of the Housing and Food Services 
emergency procedures. 

Despite the lack of organiza-
tion in the current Housing and 
Food Services emergency response 
plan, Barrett said it would be ade-
quate in a disaster. 

"If something did happen, we 
would get through, everyone would 
be OK," Barrett said. "But it 
wouldn ' t be organized." 

Several officials involved in the 
revision of the plan said that while 
the October earthquake in North-
ern California underscored the 
importance of having an emer-
gency plan, it did not provide the 
impetus for the specific changes in 
the emergency operations manual 
that are being made. 

The revisions of the manual 
were "we II along ... before theearth-
quake. We started to pick up the 
pace after it occurred," aid Martha 
Malter, director of Environmental 
& Health Services. 

"The biggest influence the 
earthquake had was [that we met] 
with our co unterparts up 
north ... , They ' ve told us that we're 
aiming in the right direction,'· 
Malter said. 

UC administrators leamed from 
the October quak.e that cellular 
phone provide important func-
tional communication after a dis-

aster, Anderson said. 
"We found out that after the 

San Francisco earthquake, cellu-
lar phones were the only way out 
for several hours," Anderson said, 
noting that several campus offi-
cials carry cellular phones at all 
times. 

While the emergency opera-
tions manual prov ides for campus 
operations after disasters such as 
earthquakes, fires, and stonns, it 
neglects to address the possibility 
of a nuclear war in great detail , 
Anderson said. 

"We haven ' t given it a lot of 
emphasis. I think the chances are 
pretty slim," Anderson said, claim-
ing that the current world situation 
greatly reduces the possibility of a 
nuclear war. 

In the future, Anderson hopes 
UCSD's ability to handle a disas-
ter will improve. He pointed to 
monthly meetings between UCSO 
and local facilities to exchange 
infonnation about disaster prepar-
edness as an example of UCSO's 
commitment to a strong commit-
ment to di aster response. 

To enhance the emergency 
operations plan in coming years. 
Anderson said he has requested 
that the university hire a full-time 
emergency services coordinator, 
who would be "responsible for the 
liaison between local governments 
and facilities that is nece sary to 

have a totally operational emer-
gency operations program." 

He added that the UCSD Police 
have also funded a radio stat ion, to 
become operational within the next 
year, which would broadcast at 
530 AM after an emergency to 
give information to people on cam-
pus. 

Pointing to the annual earth-
quake drills at Muir College, 
Anderson said the individual col-
leges at UCSD should take a 
commanding role in preparing 
students for disasters. 

"It's incumbent upon each col-
lege to educate and prepare stu-
dents fortheeventualityofanearth-
quake," he said. 

A Kenyan physician, political 
activist, and the studem liai on to 
the Imernational Physicians for 
the Prevention of Nude.r War, 
lI'ill speak on studem political 
acuvism in Africa and worldwide, 
and lead a discussion concerning 
the global issues affecting students 
and methods of studem action. 

Tue.day, May 1, 6-7:30 p.m. 
Pric. Center Cove Room 

SpOIuortd ":I ,ht San Drego CIIIlp'<r of 
Ph,'ICI.'U for SOCIal Rl5/JOn5lbrO'J 

NEWS 9 

Apply Today! 
Applications are now being accepted for the following 
positions for the staff of the 1990-91 UCSD GUlJrdilJn: 

Editor in Chief 
Managing Editor 
News Editor 
Associate News Editor (3) 
Opinion Editor 
Associate Opinion Editor (2) 
Features Editor 
Associate Features Editor (2) 
Sports Editor 

Associate Sports Editor (2) 
Arts/Entertainment Editor 
Assoc. AlE Editor (3) 
Photo Editor 
Assoc. Photo Editor (2) 
Copy Editor 
Assoc. Copy Editor 
Graphics Editor 
Training Director (2) 

Applications for Editor in Chief will be due 5 p.m. Saturday, 
May 5, at the Guardian offices on the second floor of the Student 
Center. Applications for all other positions due 5 p.m. Wednes-
day, May 9, at the Guardian offices. All applicatioos should 
include a resume, cover letter, and clips, and should be placed in 
the Editor in Chiers box. If you wish to mail your application, 
send it to the UCSD Guardian, c/o Phil Gruen, B-016, La ]olla, 
CA 92093. Questions? Call the Guardian at 534-6580. 

Northwestern Mutual Agents. 
They all have cen'ain traits in common. 

They're achievement·oriented individual. 
who'll acctpl nothing hort of suCct $. They 
crnve Ihei , independence. because lhey know 
how to rely on their own initiative. And they 
love a challenge as much as Ihe rewards. Vet 
lhey neven lose sighl of fundamental values 
Irke caring aboul and guiding OIhers. 

If you aspire to rise above un ordinary life. 
you' ll discover Ihe unlimiled opportuni"e. 
you long for as a onhwcSlcm MUlual agent. 
This field offe" a broad range of car.." 

speciahies. And with inlen..ive trainin, and 
lop·perfonning products. you'll be able to 
advance as quickly as you wish. In fact. more 
thllll 1.500 Northwestern Mutual agents 
averaged more Ihan $100.000 in conunis· 
ioned earning. last year. 



, I , I , 

10 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

Features 
PENNIES FROM HELL 

Meters: Shaved 
Coins Anything 
But Heavenly 
• Story By Kent Korzon, Quardilzn Reporter 

E v~ry couple of days, hundreds of shaved pennies, along with other change, are collected from the approxi-mately 800 parking meters on campus. Two men in a 
nondescript white pickup truck sent from the Parking 

Office slowly make the rounds. In the bed is a large steel 
lockbox. 

All the change fed into the meters drops through the 
spring-loaded opening into a metal cylinder. As the cylinder 
is removed, the opening snaps shut. 

When it connects with a matching slot set into the top of 
the lockbox, the change drops in. Once all the meters are 
emptied, the box is sent to the UCSD Central Cashier's 
Office, where an accounting machine sorts the coins into 
nickels, dimes, quarters, shaved pennie, foreign coins, and 
slugs. 

Dunng each month of the 1988-89 school year, an average 
of 3,000 shaved pennies and 500 foreign coins and slugs 
made their way to the Cashier's Office. After a comparatively 
slow summer last yea r, the magnitude of the problem 
increased. In October of 1989, a record 8,765 shaved pennies 
were collected, while there was no significant change in the 
other categorie . Since then, the fig ures have remained near 
this new level. 

But, there is not much the ad ministration can do with the 
pennies once it gets them. Banks will not take them for the 
pennies are shaved and cannot be recirculated. While it is a 
federal crime 10 treat money in that fashion , the FBI does not 

Photo Illustration by Rimas Uzglris 

Pennies 
and Parking 
37,159 shaved pennies 
were coliectp.d from parking \~.--~"'I/ 
meters during a 10-month 
period in 1989. Below is a break-
down of pennies collected monthly at UCSD. 

Jan._ 2,536 
Feb. 3,749 
Mar. 3,083 
Apr. 3,833 
May 5,197 
June 3,173 
July . 1,695 
Aug. 2,662 
Sep. _ 2,466 
Oct ••••••••• a,765 

234 567 8 9 
(THOUSANDS) 

Last year, 949 pesos and 2,740 foreign coins and 
slugs were collected in UCSD parking meters . 

Source' UCSD Parking and Transportation Services. 

Guardian Graphic by Jeff Quan 
want to ee them. The pennies end up at a warehouse in 
Kearny Mesa, in a dead file, which amounts to a giant can 
of coins. 

According to one Transportation Services worker, "Jars 
See METERS, page 11 

Monday, April 30,1990 

Jennirer Kolsky/Guardiall 
Identical twins Ernie (top) and Ken 
Schrepfer. 

Seeing 
Double 
Twins Want to 
Be Acknowledged 
as Individuals 
By GA YIN CHRISTY 
Staff Writer 

For Muir seniors Lisa and Laurel Whit-
sett, just talking to other students can be 
difficult. 

" It 's like someone coming up to you six 
or seven times a day and not recognizing 
you," Lisa Whitsett said. 

The Whitsetts are identical twins. Re-
garded as strange , uncommon, and even 
cute, the Whitselts and other identical twins 
atUCSO say that their own sense of identity 
is often ignored by others. 

"I don't like the comparisons people 
make," Lisa's sister Laurel said. "1 want 
people to acknowledge that we are two 
different people and that it isn't a joke." 

To help people make the distinction be-
tween them, Laurel wears a watch on her left 
hand and Lisa wears one on her right. Also. 
Laurel has a distinct mole under her right ear 
and Lisa has a similar mole under her left 
ear. 

Ernie and Ken Schrepfer, Revelle juniors 
who live in the same Argo Hall suite, are 
often bolhered by the difficulty other people 
have in telling them apart. 

" ft can be really tiring at times. You want 
your own identity, but if you go to the same 
high school and college you have to expect 
the comparisons," Ken Schrepfer aid . 

Ernie Schrepfer said the similarities be-
tween he and Ken can be seen in their style 
of speaking. 

"With Ihe stereo effect, we both answer 
at the same time. Given the same sensory 
input we' )) draw the arne conclu ion ," 
Ernie Schrepfer explained. 

Lisa Whit en said that twins can be put 
into a paradox - regarded as a novelty, 
people often gravitate toward the unique-
ness of twins, but at the same time lump the 
two s iblings into one category and regard 

See TWINS, page 14 

I , I • 

Monday, April 30, 1990 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 11 

METERS: UCSD Testing 12 'Penny-Proof' Parking Machines This Year 
Continued from page 10 
full of them make great doorstops." 

UCSD is not the only place 
collecting worthless pennies. There 
are only two major manufacturers 
of parking meters in the U.S., and 
time on most of their meters can be 
stolen with a shaved penny. 

One hundred years ago, the 
Duncan Company (better known 
for the yo-yo) introduced the first 
parking meter. The meters proved 
to be simple and efficient, and the 
design needed little improvement. 

"The parking meter hasn't re-
ally changed since then," said Alex 
Mangual. parking maintenance 
supervisor for Parking and Trans-
portation Services. 

He should know. 
There is a framed certificate on 

the wall of his office testifying that 
Mangual is a graduate of the Dun-
can-Miller School of Parking Meter 
Maintenance. For the last 16 years, 
he has served as the care~ker of 
UCSO's meters. 

Mangual and his staff of three 
run their operations from acramped 
quonset hut in the bustling MAAC 
area of campus, home to service 
yards and machine shops. 

The shop, while small, has an 
order to it that reflects the care of a 
perfectionist. Mangual takes pride 
in the quality of his meters. 

"The meters have a regular 
maintenance schedule. We keep a 
card on file for each meter. We've 
got a computer now. but the guys 
prefer the file," he said. 

Each meter has a card listing 
the date of purchase and installa-
tion, liming checks, dates of rou-
tine maintenance, and any prob-
lems that required repair. Annu-
ally, each meter is taken back to 
the shop. taken apart, cleaned in a 
bath of solvent, and fe-timed. 

For all the care the meters get, 
there is not much that can be done 
to stop someone from stealing time. 

A properly shaped slug or penny 
can be used to foil the meter be-
cause "the meters are purely me-
chanical and can't regulate what 
they'll accept closely enough, so 
they can be tricked," Mangual 
explained. 

The time someone can get from 
using a shaved penny varies. It can 
range from 12 minutes to the full 

'The meters are 
purely mechanical 
and can't r~ulate 
what they'll ac-
cept ... so they can 
be tricked. , 
'There's a little bit 
of a Rroblem at 
[San Diego] State, 
and downtown I but 
not like here.' 

-Alex Mangual, parlcing 
maintenance supervisor, UCSD 

Parlcing and Transpor1ation 
Services. 

two hours. But not all the pennies 
make it through the meter to the 
coin box. 

Just getting the penny through 
the slot block is no guarantee of 
free time either. If the penny is not 
shaved down far enough. or is 
shaved down too much, it will jam 
the meter internally. 

"We're unjamming 12 to 15 
meters a day now, and it ' s costing 
a lot of work," Alex said. 

What are the pennies costing 
the Parking Office? The average 
monthly loss has been estimated at 
$4,000. Add the cost of additional 
maintenance caused by the pen-
nies - clearing unjammed me-
Iers, sorting and tabulating the 
pennies, and storing them -and at 
least $5,000 a month is being lost. 

Even that,apparently, is far less 
than the cost of replacing the me-
ters with "penny-proof' ones. 
While Duncan meters cost about 
$150 each, Parking Office Man-
ager Bob Umstead pointed out that 
new electronic meters, which foil 
the attempts of many penny shav-
ers, are much more expensive. 

The new meters are pan me-
chanical, pan electronic. Inside, 
there are two electronic eyes that 
measure the size and weight of the 
coin. However, the meters are onl y 
50 percent penny-proof, accord-
ing to the results of an impromptu 
survey conducted by Mangual. 

"They'll take some coins if 
they're close in weight, and a penny 
can be trimmed to match the weight 

of a dime," Mangual said. 
Nonetheless , .12 electronic 

meters will be installed and tested 
on campus this year. 

The problem with pennies, 
while not unique to UCSD, never-
theless seems to be an epidemic 
here. 

"There's a little bit of a problem 
at [San Diego) State, and down-
town, but not like here," Mangual 
reported. There are a combination 
of forces that have created this 
situation. 

In 1982, the federal government 
real ired thatthe copper in the penny 
was worth more than the penny 
itself. It switched to a cheaper al-
loy that is much softer than pure 
copper and much easier to wear 
away. Before that time, illegal 
meter-feeding was mainly limited 
to foreign coins and slugs. 

"It all started with pesos," 
Mangual said. 

UCSD 's alternative media also 
contributed to the widespread use 
of shaved pennies. The Koala , a 
widely-read satirical publication, 
has long publicized the relative 
ease of shaving pennies. In its is-
sue from the week of March 10. 
1986, was this short message: 

"Shave pennies! They'll give 
you three hours on the parking 
meters and the cops can't do shit. 
Best of all it really pisses them 
om" 

In the Student Personals at the 
back of that issue was this solicita-
tion: 

"Shaved pennies for sale! Each 
gives you 75 cents [worth of] time 
on meters. 12 for $1.00. Cal!.. .. " 

In the Koala from the week of 
October 25, 1989, an article by 
Stephen Bloom provided detailed 
step-by-step instructions on how 
to shave pennies. It was in October 
that a record high was set in the 
numberofshaved pennies collected 
at UCSD. 

The Koala is not the only alter-
native media source distributing 
information encouraging people to 
shave pennies. In a recent issue of 
the New Illdicator, a cartoon titled 
"The Anarchist 's Guide to Parking 
# I" provided visual instructions 
on how to shave pennies. 

In the summer of 1986, the 
Parking Office attempted to solve 

Rimas UZM:lnSl'l.tIl,>rUI,un 
UCSO's Parking Office estimates that shaved pennies cost it about $5. 000 a month. 

the shaved penny problem by pro-
gramming the parking meters to 
accept only quarters. When stu-
dents returned in the fall , they found 
that not only did the meters just 
accept quaners. but the price of an 
hour had doubled from 25 cents to 
50 cents. Before Winter Break, 
however, enough protesting stu-
dents forced the re-introduction of 
meters which take nickels , dimes, 
and quarters. 

The act of putting pennies into 
meters is petty theft, and damaging 
money is a federal crime, but "no 
one is going to call the FBI," ac-
cording to Detective Sergeant 
Roben Jones of the UCSD Police 
Department. Besides, there are 
more preSSing matters for the po-
lice to deal with, such as the 
"$100,000 in computers and elec-
tronics sto len monthly from 
UCSD," Jones said. 

What is more surprising than 
the lack of interest in the problem 

is the fact that "no one has ever 
been prosecuted," according to 
Jones. 

Even when one person rubbed a 
penny on a sidewalk in full view of 
the police station, and was actually 
filmed on police videotape, the 
District Attorney's office decided 
not to prosecute. 

"Experienced" penny-shavers 
often do not rub pennies on the 
sidewalks, however. They usually 
move on to home production: 
pliers, vise grips, files, tinsnips, 
and even grinding wheels are 
commonly used to produce the 
shaved pennies. 

Parking Office administrators 
and campus police feel that crack-
ing down on the meter-feeders with 
surveillance or new meters would 
cost more than the pennies do cur-
rently. For the students who use 
the meters this way, they are sav-
ing the cost of a parking permit-
$171 a year. 

SEE US FOR THE BEST SELECTION OF 
GRADUATION ANNOUNCEMENTS 

AND ACCESORIES_ 

copy center 
457-3775 

La Jolla Village Center 



.. , 

12 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 30, 1990 The UCSD Guardian ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 13 

ts & Entertaintnent 
r--~fX~\VjI~§--1 MOMIX: The Mind's Umbi~ical C~rd 
DO D w9YOD ~ By PATRICIAIETTIE specIal of specIal effects, Pendleton smd. Youap-J I Arts/Entertainment Editor preciate the phys icality, both male and female, out I there. That's what I love about movement." 

Quiz ! 
Well, you really seemed to like that last quiz, so we at Arts & I 

Entertainment decided to keep it. It's simple. Just answer these I 
questions, fill in the personal information section, clip it out, and drop I 
it into Ihe envelope on the HIATUS office door in the Guardian offices , 
2nd floor, Student Center. Entry deadline is 5 p.m. on Wednesday. I 

1. What actress played Blair Warner on The Facts of Life? I 
2. Name 2 of the members of Spinal Tap. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

3. Name the most overrated band in America (pick one, 
anyone). 
4. What's the name of the latest dance craze, originating 
in Brazil? 
5. Who drew the cover of Edie Brickell's album? 

I 
NAME: PHONE #: I 

Assorted Vinyl has graciously contributed the I 
prizes for this weekly quiz. I ~congrarumtiom~sEP~LlU~~twe~~~e~j 

Passion Feast at Bacchanal 
By WALTER R. BJTTS 
Staff Writer 

" Waltz-anarchy " is how 
Passion Fodder's Singer/guitarist 
Theo Hakoladescribes his band's 
sound. The band's diverse French 
and American influences (Hakola 
is the so le American in the 
quintent) provide an odd musical 
flourish - like the soundtrack 
from a Clint Eastwood spaghetti 
western. 

On their recently-released 
fourth album, Woke Up This 
Morning, Hakola's post-nasal 
ennui and enigmatic posturing 
makes this album strangely 
unique. At first the the listener 
may be disturbed by the 
intrusiveness of Hakola's voice, 
but the music grows on you after 
letting the senses examine the 

I 
I 

I 

I 
/ 

/ 
I 

I 

lyrical content. 
On the firsttrack , "Little Wolfe 

(And the Slot Machine Airport)" 
Hakola sings, "Closing in like 
machine gun buzz saws/Hot 
hounds hot on the chase/Waves of 
assault of base Amel icana/The 
slowest lane in the human race." 
Hakola started writing the song in 
the Las Vegas Airport because, he 
said, "Las Vegas is the epitome of 
everything that is bad in America." 

Passion Fodder 's overall 
impact is like watching Rimbaud 
with the DT's - it's ranting, and 
it's wantonly moody. 

CONCERTS: RCA recordinganim 
Passion Fodder will perfonn tonight 
at the Bacchanal, 8022 Clairemon! 
Mesa Boulevard, Clairemoo! Mesa. 
For information, caU 56().8000. Tilt. 
availablea! the Bacchanal box office 
and at all TicketMaster outlets. 

e 
~no.",.. 
E'l :~ 

UJ GE DR 

, Regular prioe $ 1 .55 
, This coupon valid only at: 
I La. Jolla Ben & Jerry's . 4150 Regents Park Row II 
, (near Anthony's) • 587·3680 
I One coupon per customer. ~ L ______ ~~~ Ma:.3': :'~' ______ :J 

Perspective can be a scary thing. Take it from 
Moses Pendleton, the enigmatic choreographer/ 
dancer for the modem dance troupe Momix, who 
believes the body's reality is defined by the mind. 

"As you go out mining the mind, you want to be 
able to pick out ecstatic. beautiful things," Pendleton 
said in a recent telephone interview. "Supposedly 
that's the creator in you, the ability to create a way 
bad, [to reality] from your attempt to escape [it) . 
Keeping your umbilical cord to reality. If there's 
anything that does scare you, it 's to think that some-
one ha cut your cord." 

This expectation of the unexpected is a ense that 
Pendleton ha perfected during his lengthy career. 
With an upcoming performance cheduled for thi 
Friday at SDSU, Momix is prepared to involve the 
San Diego audience in a little experiment oftranslat-
ing rambling word phra es and interlinking image 
onto the emotional level. Like his work , a conv~rsa­
tion with Pendleton consists of a flood of free asso-
ciations that initially lack organization; but eventu· 
ally, a sense of rationality becomes apparent. 

"There is a certain illusionistic tendency in my 
thinking." Pendleton mused. "In order to get one's 
attention, sometimes you have to create a little magic. 
Like inspiration. Right now, what inspires me is this 
daffodil and this shock of yellow persipia. And the 
sun is just hitting my head so it feels like a polish on 
my third eye. Ifeel more like a transmitter right now, 
it's not ju t me that 's saying this, it's the day." 

This seemingly endless supply of creative thought 
may be attributed to his past. Raised on a dairy farm 
in northern Vermont, Pendleton has been involved in 
some form of movement throughout his entire life. "[ 
thillk that my [initial) involvement with sports helped 
make that connection, that you identified yourself 
and tried to communicate yourself to the world 
through movement," he said. 

After receiving his degree in English Literature 
from Dartmouth College in 1971, he co-founded Pi-
lobolus Dance Theatre, a wily group well-known for . 
their innovative blend of imagination and acrobatics. 
Momix, named after a supplement added to veal 
calves' milk in order to make it richer, developed 
from work Pendleton did for the 1978 Paris Opera 
celebration of Erik Satie. Like many choreogra-
phers, his work with both groups has focused on 
conveying the beauty and grace of the human form. 

"You're looking at the human body as the most 

The ties between body and mind are prevalent in 
his work. "You mold your bicep and then get it out 
in iambic pentameter," Pendleton said. " There's a 
mind-body thing. If you can turn your body on, your 
mind isjust like a muscle . By training the body, it can 
have this endurance to follow a thought through ono 
work on a poem." 

Pendleton's wOIk demands that the group's seven 
dancer have enonnous physical control of their 
bodies, often defying the laws of physics with their 
extreme flexibility. By incorporating simple props, 
uch a the cloth-covered umbrella in "Medusa," he 

is able to create a sculptured image. Added to un-
earthly soundscapes and disjointed lighting, the 
dancers evolve into abstraction. Body parts become 
disassociated, reflecting a creature-like dance por-
traying a gamut of human emotions. 

"What people do in the creative life is to cell-
divide, to divide themselve to get that objective sub-
jectivity ," Pendleton explained. "You never know if 
[your work] is what you are or ifi t's what you create. 
So I can only half identify with the things I've done 
and things that people th ink I 've done. I have some 
unknown territory to search out in my later years." 

Pendleton's future looks anything but dim. He 
seems oblivious to the prestige he has gai ned in the 
realm of dance, focusing rather on his work choreo-
graphing for artis ts in the fields of film and pop 
music. He is currently involved with the preproduc-
tion choreography of the film " F-X II," the sequel to 
the su rreal film focusing on special effects. 

A few years ago, he worked on Julian Lennon's 
video "Too Late for Goodbyes." More recently, he 
lent his talent to Prince's "Batman" video. 

"Working with [Prince] was pure energy," Pendle-
ton said, raising his voice over the telephone's hiss. 
" The energy was tight." 

Pendleton's work seems to attract this sort of 
e nergy like a magnet. Momix, for example, is run in 
a tight, album-like format. "Your nonnal dance 
show [consists of] a short number and then jumps. 
But they jump in a way that doesn't jar too much, so 
it does mix. And that' s what Momix is in terms of the 
dynamics of the show. It goes from all these di fferent 
kinds of music and various images, surreal , vaude-
villian." 

In the world of dance, Momix is a surreal circus 
with Pendleton as ringmaster flicking his whip at the 
heels of reality. 

~urDea~on. ~urChoke DID YOU SEE THIS? SO did about 30,000 others in 
the UCSD community. 

• Free Pregnancy 
Testing 

• Low Cost Early 
Pregnancy Test 

• Immediate 
Test Results 

• Pregnancy 
Termination 

• General or Local 
Anesthe ia 

• Affordable 
Birth ontrol 

• St udent Discount 

The College Litle 
535·1379 

r:;;r.t It . ~ncolce 
Fomily Plflfflflitg 

Associnte: 
Medicnl CrollJl 

UCSD Guardian Advertising 
Call 534-3466 

If you are interested In 
learning about the 

Financial Services Industry, 
SDCCU has an opportunity for youl 
We are currently seeking enthusias-

tic individuals to fill the following 
part·time Teller Trainee positions: 

Mira Mesa 
M·F 11 -3 p.m. 

Sorrento Valley 
M 8-5 p.m.; Th 11-3 p.m.; F 9·6 p.m. 

If you have cash handling and 
customer service experien~, we 

want to talk to you 1 Call or come by 
our main office and apply. 

SanDifilo Count 
.) Cridit UnuJ 
_. 

9885 Pacific Heights Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 92121 

453·2112 
EOE 

••• 

One of the striking poses Momix dancers will display at Friday's SDSU performance. 

If you thought American rock 'n' 
rollers were alone in their social 
consciousness, think again .... On 
Monday, Apr il 16, The Nelson 
Mandela - An International 
Tribute - For a Free South Africa 
took place at London's Wembley 
Stadium. Performers included Anita 
Baker, Natalie Cole, Tracy 
Chapman, the Neville Brothers, 
Peter Gabriel, actor Denzel 
Washington, and everybody's 
favorite Grammy winner/great gal 
Bonnie Ral". Kind of warms the 
cockles of your heart, doesn't it? 

called COW (that is, Conserve Our 
World). The first track, "Burning 
Down the Amazon," is yet another 
all-star benefit for the Rain Forest 
Action Network, featuring Brenda 
Russell , Kevin Cronin of REO 
Speedwagon, Jane Wiedlin of the 
Go-Go's , Martha Davis, Richard 
Page and Steve George of Mr. 
Mister, and former Eagles bassist 
Timothy B. Schmidt. 

UCSD New Poetry Proves Untraditional 
Eat this - Bob Geldof, of Band 

Aid ·and Boomtown Rats fame, 
has a solo album out entitled 
Vegetarians of Love. It 's been 
described as "Indian Cajun music." 
Mmm, yum, the taste of love ... 

By CHRISTIAN HERTZOG 
Conrributing Writer 

"A futon and a weasel in a cage" - how 
would you like 10 meet the person who wrote 
this? 

What do weasels have to do with futons? 
Why would a futon be in a cage? Who would 
put the two of them together in a cage? 

This is the opening line of a stanza from San 
Francisco Bay area poet Lyn Hejinian's 
"Oblivion." But if you're expecting any 
rhymes, regular meters, or at the very least an 
explanation of the opening line, you'll be 
disappointed. This is modem poetry, and 
c:iralawenri.n of the more traditional poetic 
devices is in order here. Hejinian's "stanzas" 
take the form of diary entries without any 
punctuation except an occasional dash. The 
stanza labeled "Nov 2" consists of one vague 
but disturbing line: "II's dark and there's 
someone in it." 

Hejinian is one of five poets who will be 
appearing at UCSD this quaner in a series of 
readings sponsored by the Archive for New 
Poetry and the Department of Literature. All 
of tile readings are on Wednesdays aI4:30 in 
the Price Center, Gallery B (on the second 

Lon'" $Stl 
,_ris $111 
' ... nldul1 $150 VIIn.. $171 
MIldrid $"1 

Fares a18 rollldtrip. Restrictions do applyl 
Ask _Mill our USSI 

.. uck .. lOun ... 111111 fro .. 
$41" 

Ccud Tt22LNd 
UCSO PRICE CEHlER 

(by the Post Onlc.» 

floor). and entrance is free. Hejinian will be 
appearing May 23. questioning "if there is 
knowledge in pocby if not oblivioo." 

Well-known African-American poet Wanda 
Coleman delivered the opening reading in the 
series last Wednesday. April 18. The next poet 
will be New York native Nick Piombino (May 2), 
who makes a living as a psychoanalyst. The 
influence of scientific writing is apparent in his 
poem" Adagio, "which has the surface appearance 
of an excerpt from a psychology textbook. The 
first pan of the poem is a chunk of an unindented 
paragraph, steeped in scholarly jargon, as the first 
senlel1Ce reveals: "The isolated moment sustains 
the whole fending the parts by the mere exercise 
of will, testing the summary of all concentration 
by the simple measure of occasional constraint." 

The remaining poets in the series are all bay 
area poets, including David Meltzer (May 9), 
Aaron Shurin (May 16), and Leslie Scalapino 
(May 30). 

For individuals desiring to know more about 
the poets in the series, the Archive for New Poetry, 
located on the eighth floor of Central Library, 
distributes a free newsletter with samples of the 
featured poets' work. The Archive for New Poetry 
also maintains an extensive collection of 
contemporary poetry. 

..••.•••....•.....••.••.•.••.••.. 

Out of left field ... Remember that 
Scottish band, Big Country, who 
swept the charts in the mid-'80s? 
They have finally started working 
on a new album, their first studio 
release in two years. This work will 
probably be preceded by a greatest 
hits package on the Mercury label. 
What is it that people say about 
greatest hits albums and bands 
breaking up? 

•••••............................ 

You may ask yourself, where is 
that guy in the big suit....ln the spring 
of 1990, Mango Records will release 
a debut album by internationally 
acclaimed Brazilian artist 
Margareth Menenzes, who may 
be best known as David Byrne's 
back up vocalist from the Rei Momo 
tour. Byrne will be performing with 
her for two of the cuts on the album. 
For those of you who are anxious 
fans of David Byrne, he will be 
coming to San Diego on June 7. 
Mark it on your calendar now. 

........••...••......•......•.... 

Yet more Earth Day excitement: 
Marc Jordan has released an album 

~ ••••••••••••••••••••••• * ••••• * •• 

Houses of the holy: The Dead 
Milkmen filmed their latest video, 
"Methodist Coloring Book" in a 
monastery just outside New York. 

•• ** ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

You probably have never heard 
of this band befo re, but...The 
Insplral Carpets has just been 
signed to Mute Records for a five-
LP deal. This band from 
Manchester, England, admitted to 
having signed with the U.K.'s largest 
indie because they could walk into 
the office and scam all sorts of cool 
freebies, and because label owner, 
Daniel Miller, "was the only one 
who took us out [for meals] because 
he was hungry." Here in the U.S., 
their new album on the Cow label 
will be released on April 27. The 
name of their album is Cool as 
Fuck. That's a pretty big claim, isn't 
it? 

- Information compiled from 
Billboard Magazine 
and press releases 

EUGENE M. BURKE CSP 
L E c T u R E s H 

• UN l vr l~~11 Y ()I U \LlI URNIA , SAN D l l::e() • 
'\ r rcC' I' llb/it 1 (',l lIre Seri« " 

p 

DR. ELIZABETH A. JOHNSON, C.S.J. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student Community and the Burke Lectureship 

STUDENT COLLOQUIUM 
"A Feminist Perspective on God, 

Christ, Mary, and Humankind" 
May 1,1990 

7:30 p.m., Gallery B, Price Center 
2nd Floor, UCSD 

LECTURE 
"Women in the Image of God; 
God in the Image of Women" 

May 2, 1990 
8:00 p.m. , Room 108, Peterson Hall 

Third College Campus, UCSD 

I , 



14 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 30, 1990 

Photos by Rlmas Uzigris 
Lisa (pictured left) and Laurel Whitsett. "I want people to acknowledge that we are two different people and that it isn't a joke, h said Laurel Whitsett. 

TWINS: 'Worth All The Little Things' 
Continued from page 10 
them simply as " the twins." 

When Lisa and Laurel were on 
the same cheerleading squad in 
Junior high school, some cheer-
leaders wanted to regard them as 
one person so that more people 
could be recruited. 

Lisa Whitsen said being an 
identical twin was especially a 
problem on her bmhday. 

"It's the epitome of being one 
person if you get one present for 
both people on yourbinhday. That 
always upset me. Even if it was 
just a lollipop, each of u should 
have gotten something," she said. 

Aside from the annoyance of 

being mistaken for their siblings, youknowyou'll be accepted. Most 
some twins said they were fonu- people don't know what it's like 
nate to have someone to relate to 
on a close and personal level. 

Fifth College sophomore Tanna 
Franke, whose identical twin sister 
Hailey transferred out of UCSD 
last year, commented: "It's wonh 
all the little things. Realizing how 
close weare, our friends say we' re 
really lucky. It IS definitely some-
thing positive in my life." 

Eric Liebl, a Muir senior whose 
twin brother Carl is a Naval offi-
cer, explained that he has always 
had a close friend in Carl. 

"You have similar tastes and 

having that close of a friend,"Liebl 
commented. 

Many twins said the biggest 
challenge they face in regard to 
each other is competition. 

"The biggest burden for me is 
being competit ive. If [my twin] 
does something, 1 have to do it 
better," Liebl stated. 

Identical twins have many op-
ponuni ties to fool others. For sev-
eral years, the Liebls would switch 
classes with each other on April 
Fool's Day. 

Lisa Whitsett attended one of 

It's COMEDY. .• It's THEATRE ... It's VAUDEVILLE •.. It's ... 

'I enjoy looking and talking and acting 
somewhat like ... my sister, but I am still 
an individual, and I want people to not 
be so ignorant, and to realize that there 
are individual differences.' 

Laurel's classes so Laurel could 
go to a Billy Idol concen. 

And the Schrepfers, who are 
subject to such nicknames as "Ben 
and Ernie" and "Ken and Barbie," 
once took each other's place in 
class. 

For Franke, though, imperson-

-laurel WhitseH 

ating her sister would seem wrong. 
" I feel like I'm deceiving some-

one if I'm unable to tell someone 
who I am. It 's like they are being 
lied to," Franke stated. 

The Whitsetls sa id there is a 
son of extra-sensory perception 

See TWINS, page 17 

. .' ' . The *Complete 
Works of ill iam councIL. .. !RC'J~e:~ ... C'J.r1.0 I.C.'3.I~.g .. p.~~.?~.~.! .... .i 

4aktSpt'!Ed£ 
ALL 38 PLAYS IN ONE EVENING! 

May 2 
Wed. 
8pm 
Mandewflle 
Auditorium 
G.A. $10 
Sr. CIt. $8 
St. $6 

presented by rcrrqe ~e~uceb 
~qukespeure (!Ill. 

UCSD 
Box Office 
534-4559 

.. 

DOO.'.'~.: 
:.-

Monday, April 3D, 1990 

UNIVERSIIT 

I , i ! 

The UCSD Guardian 15 

Sponsored by the University Bookstore and Apple Computer, Inc. 

Tuesda May 1 
9 a.m. 05 

.· ice Center 
.m. 

aI/room 
Celebrate MacFest '90 with the 

University Bookstore and 
1::;m:mml:j:jill)1'HJi1l: Apple Computer Inc. 

. Discover the many possibilities 
that the Macintosh Computer 

offers for education. 
E\'el1ts include: 

• Demonstrations by UCSD 
faculty and students 

• Hands-on demonstrations 
• Vendor exhibits 
• And much more! 

Enter the drawing to win a FREE Macintosh Computer! 

, I 



, . 

16 The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 30, 1990 

TheWeekly Calendar 
Photos by Rlmas Uzglris LECTURES 

TUESDAY, MA Y I 

.5:00 p.m.-"From ml'demism to posHnodcmi.sm." Dr. Alke Marquis. 
culturJl higori3n. I/o'ill di-.cu)s lhe rominuilin and coru1"3 ts bellllo'ttn 
modernism Ind POl'l moderOl)m. Spoosorul by: Friends or UCSO Li. 
br.uy. Ccnlntl Univcnily Uml) . 

FRIDA Y. MAY 4 

11 :.10 • • m.-ll:45 p.1n.-" F1or dt CAnOl.." leclure dcmonstnuion Price 
Center, the ~. 

ENTERTAIN ME T 

WEDNESDA Y, MAY 2 

7:00-10:00 p.m.-Film. '!he LcmonGro ... e Incident." PrtC(: CcnIO". the 
Cove. 

THURSDA Y, MAY 3 

7:0()..9:00 p.m.-Poetry Relldmjs by Luil> Roonguel. Price Cenler. lhe 
Cove. 

FRIDAY. MAY 4 

11:00-4:00 p.m.-Cimc AsudJ Sale, M;arluchis "Los Capcnles, " BaUet 
FolkkHico, Price Ccmer PIau. 

4:30-1:00 p.m.-TGIF . "Flordc CanOl." At the Hump. 

7:30 P.m.-Enehsh lnnce P:u1) Please join u foraneveninil ofEnghsh 
DaAC'lng. We ""ill dos'ately 16th cenluryJarK'~ and lively modem ont'S. 
Noexpeoence IS needed, aS:l1I d:lncell art lauj;hl. No pJnner necessary. 
Casual dres Info; 452-2735. Rec Gym Conf(rence, 

9:00 p.m.- I:OOa.m.-Cinro de Mayo Danc(. Pn« Center. the Cove. 

SATURDAY, MAY 5 

6:00 p.m.-l :00 a.m.-CinCO de M1ro Seml-Fonn:tIIDlnne,. Dance. 
Pnce Center Ballroom. 

HEALTH & FITNESS 

MO DAY. APRIL 30 

IO:()O.II :OO a.m .• 11 :00-12:00 p.m.-Do you need some PEP in yoor 
hfe? Jf so. FITSTOP is the ans"'er! This FREE fiu1Cssc:valmuion is easy 
and fun . Sign up (or an appointment :1I SII,Idem HCllhh or call !i34-1824. 

1:00 p.m.-"C" is (or 1M: condom thSlthls" a~lI. "'0" is for the male 
tlrJasm ""host ejaculate It \/"'OI'I ·lletou(. "N" is fOl'lhe NoooJtymol-9lnal 
kills those Iiole spcnnies. "0 " i (or ,he disease that it pn:vents, "0" and 
"M" ~ for Mulliple Ora::um I~t she'll have because he'lIlast lonCer. 
Come 10 a birth contro! .,..fo seSSion ;trout "II kinds o( I'J'IIClhods and thear 

benc.(jl~ . Student Health ServK:cs. 2nd floor. 

7:00.s:30 p.m.-Student Health Advocales present ''Thc Gentle Art of 
Self-Defense." a workshop on breast sclf-cJ(am.ination and aestick self. 
ex.amlnation. Breasl~ancer s'"ktSonc.mevery IOwomen. Men between 
lhe age of 1~34 art :1( fISk for- tesllculilf cancer. 1be key is e3rly 
detection! A Bend Ihe workshop and learn self exam now' 7 p.m .• Revelle. 
8 p.m..WIU'Ten Commons. 8:30 p.m.-Muir Apt. Loung(. 

TUESDAY. MAY I 

All day-Fun in the Sun' SklO CancerP're'Jemion. Protect)'OUr skin from 
harmful CIIflCCT<IIusing rays and early .11,101. Free Iokm can. info and 
sunscreen while supplies lut from Student H~th Service!! At eilht 
locallons on campus' Re\lelle Sundry SIO~. MOM. Muir QuandranJle, 
~terson Hall, WlJTCn ResKknce Off,". Fifth Rcsldence H.1I Annex.-
Bkig 701 , Canyonvtew Reert:lbOn. 3nd Siudent Health Service. Look (or 
the smiling man \II'carina o.lut and ~un,ltiSCs. 

10:00-11:00 a.m.-Don't let Sprina Quancr go by wilhoot Sloppinl In 
for FITSTOP! You can'l &0 "",rona ""'ith thiS free fimcu IlSsessmenc! Call 
534-1824 fOf' an appt. or stop by Sturlcm Health Service and sign up 

1:00 p.rn.-A QuIZ. "9 1/2 Week'" makes YOll ltun' of a) lime 10 buy 
yOW' lextbooks. b) me: last lime you ckaned yOli r apoutmc:nt, c) :a really 
neamy evenln, wnn your loved one and the finesl vccetables. If you 
answered "c," L'OmC 10 :I binh control infOl1"R3tion semon 3nd "be 
prep:u-ed." 

WEDNESDA Y. MAY 2 

11:00-2:00 p.m.-Take cnart:e of yoor body o.nd brine it 1ft for a FREE 
fiUlC" evaluation! FITSTOP is eMy :10(1 fun 50 m3.ke: your lppotnlnlC:nI 
thIS minute by calling .B4-1824 or lop by StLident Heoahhl 

1:00 p.m.- Ho .... long will spcnn live: in 0. vQ~lna? In" uterus? Find OUI 
lhe: anS\II'ers to :111 your birth control que~ions from II student health 
advoc.lIe Student Heallh Service, 2nd noor. 

7:30 p.m.-Student Health Ad\lcx:atcs presc:nllbc Gentle An of SeI(-

Defense," a workshop 00 breast seJr~X3m and testicle self-eXlIll. Learn 
melhods or early delect ion ('scnlia 110 t'3nctr prevention. Pepper Canyon 
LodGe. 
THURSDAY, MA Y 3 

1:00 p.tn.-Are you fl(K mlc!"tsTed in binh control infOll1lOltlon. but you 
do want 10 Ie"", .::llboUI cuing for OIher Isptcts of your body? Come! 10. 
Well Woman ScS,\ton and leam ,boo, papSmtarJ. mincr.al rt,ulation and 
infection prt\cnuon SlUdem Heahh Sel'"llice, 2nd floor. 

1 :00..2:00 p.m.-Bdon: you ael in shape ror summe,.. ,ela FREE filness 
e ... aluatk>n from FITSTOP' Friendly t~1ers nod fun Klivlti(l await yOll. 
Call 534·1824 or ",n up ror lin appointment ~t Studem Health. 

ORGANIZA TIONAL MEETINGS 

TUESDA Y. MAY 3 

6:00 p.m.- MOTORCYCLISTS ' QUB meetine. Riding inrOl"l'Ntion. 
parking isSlJt:lI. nlOC't" good stuff. Meet in me lobby of the Price <:Cnler 
Conference Rooms. 2nd noor. 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

MONDAY THROUGH FRIDA Y 

8:00 L m..4:oo p.m.-SIGJ PLUS-SYSlems of Inleraclive Guidance and 
Infonnation is a compuler-based program of career information desigoed 
to helpyou clanfy your skills. values lind occupational inlerests. ForIl'lOrt 
infonruuion, come 10 Career ServiceS Center. Admissk>n: S I 0.00. 

8:00 am4:30 p.rn .. " :J0.8:00 p.m. on Tuesdays and Thursdays-The 
Language Proa.r.\m provides assistance to stlKknts whose nati"'elanauage 
i not En,hsh and 10 lhose doinJ work in ilahan. JapJocSt. Spanish. 
FrenCh. Genl1:ln. Hebrew, and other i!Jlguages. A dia,nostic tCSl on 
vontlen EnaJish as a ~rond language is ~"'ailable on requcsl. Call 534-
2284 for ~ info. 

8:00-4:30 p.m.-OASIS Writin& Center offers fru service for .11 UCSD 
itOOenb who need pre-wrillna help. conferences of dJafts aoo editing 
advicc. We engage any kind of writ inc lind any kind ofwrilin, problem. 
Conference ~re by llppointmenl only. EvcninJ appointmentS ~ also 
aVailable. (For full ranee of services. see bIc:t of lhe CUrTent class 
schedule.) Call 534-2284 or come by the Siudeni Cenler. Bid,. A. Room 
214 to rNke:U1 appointment This service is ~vailable throuGhout lhe 
quarter, Sponsored by Ihe OAS IS Writ ing Center, 

8:00-'1:30 p.m.-TOO LITI1.E TIME·TOO MUCH STIJDYING TO 
DO' MaXimize )'OUr siudy tIme '" ithot.il havlR£ your Sludie$ take conrrol 
of you,. life. The OASIS Reading lind Siudy Skills Program offers one-
lo-oot p<'l'5OrIal assisrance to Improvt yourskJlJs on lime Managemenl. 
SlOP by USB 4010 or call 534-73U 10 set up an appomtment. 

8:00-4:30 p.m.- Whether you Wlnt someone to edil your paper or help 
you brainslOITn. Scholars' Writing Workshop can be or service. Afrer 
finlshm, your paper. free use of compulers III aVllhlble (Word Perfect, 
Wordsw). Compuler iIIitet3tes are ~tlcomc. assistanCC is pro\lided. 
USB 4070. 10 make on appt. call 534-7344. 

MONDA Y, APRIL 30 

10:00 a. m.- ruE MARKETABLE RESUME WORKSHOP · learn 
how 10 tonSUUCT a st3tC'.of·lhe-art resume that will make you stand out 
from lhe crowd Career Servkes Cenler. 

11:30 a.m.-lmtRvIEWING SKIllS WORKSHOP · Do you need 
help In preparin, (or job interviews? Cart:er Services Cenler will provide 
tipson the beSt ways IOprestnt yoor qU.il.lirtcl:lions and ""hat kindo( iRltI'-
View questions co expect. Cara:r Services Center. 

I :~:OO p.m.- DROP-IN ADVISING HOURS: F", help finding 
dcsinble pan· rime employment, determininl career loatS. scan:hm, fOl" 
jobs or ex.plorinl professional or graduate school opponunilic.s. No 
&ppOlntmuu necessary. jUst walk-in CAreer Services CemO". 

TUESDAY, MAY I 

II :OOI.m.-{;RADUA TE SCHOOL INFO SESSION· How 10 prepan: 
and apply for Ph.D. and Academic Mauer 's propams. Career Services 
Centcr. 

I :~:OO p.m.-DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS: For help wilh c ...... 
lOlls. JOb hundn" resume preparation or explorin& profeuionaJ or 
piduale scl\ool opportunities. No appointment necessary, juSt walk.in. 
Ca~r Services Cenler. 

2:00p.m.-ONCAMERA: PRAcnClNG ImtRVIEWING SKILlS. 
Snarpc:n your inlerviewina skills by secin, and hcarinl yourself on 
... idcoupe. Rectlve feedl»ck from other job seekers in thiS iJOUP 
w<rlshop. Prerequlslle. Inlerviewing Skills Woricshop. CareerServices 
Center. 

WEDNESDA Y, MAY 2 

9:30 a.m.- EFFECTIVE JOB SEARCH STRATEGY. 80% of "I job 
vacancies are unadvertised. This workshop ..... iII teach you the ITIOSI 
~ffecllve W3Y to find them. Carter Se ..... ,ces Center. 

1:30 p. m.-QN·CAMPUS ImtRVIEWING ORIENTATION. If you 
are Inte("(101cd in paruci~ting in !he Career Services Cenler's Ofl-campUS 

inlervie~'ln, proiram this qulU'-
!cr. 11 il mandatory lhat you :11-
tend one of lhc:K orientations 
before you inlervlC:w. 

1:30·4:00 p.m.-DROP· IN 
ADVISING HOU RS: F", help 
in career ,Oils. job hunlin~, 
resume pn:paralion orexploring 
profeuionaJ or a:;radualC school 
opponunhla. No appointmenl 
nectSSlI)'. JUst walk-in. Carur 
Services Cenre,.. 

3:111 p.m.-DESIGNING MEN 
AND WOMEN - Learn a.bout 
inlerior desi"" fashion design, 
space planninc and other relnted 
careen from profeuionab who 
will share thei,. wort and answer 
questions. Ca~e,. Services 
Cente(. 

THURSDA Y, MAY 3 

11:JO a.m.-TIlE MARKET-
ABLE RESUME WOR K· 
SHOP. Learn ho'IW 10 construct 
a state-of'-the-1I1 raume thai will 
make you stand QUt from the 
crowd. Career Services Cemef. 

1:30 p.m.-ON·CAMPUS 
ImtRVIEWING ORIENTA· 
TION, If you are imen:sled in 
panicipatina in Ihe Cut!er Servo 
ices CcRler's on-campus inter-
viewinl pf08TIm Ihis quaner, It 
is nwKlatory Ihal you :&Uend one 
of these: orienullions before)'Oll 
Inlerview. Career Services 
Center. 

1:30·4:00 p.m.-DROP·IN 
ADVISING HOURS: Foe help 
lindine dc5inble pan-time em-
ployment. detenninin& career 
aoals.job hunun,. resume prepa_ 
flUon. etc No appointment 
necessary. JUSt walk-in. 

3:00 p.m.- HOW TO ImtR. 
VIEW FOR MEDICAL OR 
DENTAL SOioot - Wnat I(, 
expecl in an interview and how 
to prepare for it Career Servo 
ices CentCl'. 

6:00 p,m.-MOTORCYCLISTS' CLUB meetin,. Riding information, 
parkin, issues,and moregood stuff. Meet in thelobbyo(lhe Price Cenrer 
Conference Rooms. 2nd floor, 

FRlDA Y, MAY 4 

1:00 p.m.- lmtRVIEWING SKIlLS WORKSHOP - Do you need 
help in PR=parin& (or job in lerviews? Career Serviccs Cenler will provide 
tips on the beSt ways to present yOW' qualiftcations and what kind 01 inter. 
view questions 10 expect. 

I :~:OO p.m~DROP-lN ADVISING HOURS: For help wilh career 
,oals.job huntina, resume preparation, e(c. 0 appointmenl necessary. 
jUst walk-in. 

SATURDAY, MAY 5 

9:00 1.m.-3:00 p.m.- IDENTIFYING YOUR CAREER - An al l day 
workshoP 10 identify viablec~opt:ions through extensive self assess-
ment. Siln up by Thunday, May 3. Admission: StO.OO. 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
TUESDAY THROUGH SATURDAY 

5:00 p.m.-CATIlOLIC MASS · Sponsored by .... a uholic SlUdenl 
Community at UCSD. UniversilY Lulhenm Churth, Comer of North 
Torrey Pines and La Jolla Shores DriYe. 

TU ESDA Y, MAY 1 

12:00-I :OOp.m.-BibleStudyo.ristiansstudyinaGod'i word. We' Ube 
in lhe last chapler in the: Book. of John, so come 001 and brine a friend. 
Price Center. Room 5. 

7:30 p.m.-STUDENT COLLOQUIUM: "A Feminist Penpettive: on 
God, Christ and Humanity" .sponsored by The Burke Lectures. Dr. 
Elizabeth A. Johnson. e.S.J., defines feminist theoJoty "_.as oci lhc:,. 
radk:a1 IlOI revohnionary; nuher il is the Joeical resuh of the Crowinl 
emptusis 0f'I human liberation. both wi lhin and ouuide the church." 
Refreshments served. Price Center, Gallery 8 . 

WEDNESDA Y, MAY 2 

10:00 •. m. ... :OOp.m.-Thc Jsr~e l Activilies 
Commiuee has an Information Table up in me: 
Price Center Plaza. Come and lalk wilhJewish 
students about Jewish life on campus and op-
ponunities for visiline l$Oel. 

12:00p.m.- "'Oodand Human Su"erin . ... A 
noon leCture and luncheon for facu lty and sllft 
sponSOl'Cd by The: Burke Lectures and the 
Office of Reli,iotll Affairs at UCSD. RSVP 
534-1$21, Admission: S6.SO. Muir Com. 
moru:, Scqooia Room. 

6:00p.m.-Di nnerisserved! All Sludenll&re 
welcome III this weelcly supper feJlow~jp 
sponsorcdby LutheranCampusMinisuy. Just 
come. Unl\lerslty Lulhentn Church, ICI'O!itS the 
SUUI rrom R.evelle Collele. 

7:00 p.m.-Bible Study led by Campus Pl5I0I" 
Jonn Huber. Open 10 all. Univcrsicy Lutheran 
Church. across Ihe streel from Revelle Col· 
le&e. 

7:-'0 p.m.- Dcpan from Universuy u.uheran 
Church co ,uend the: Burke LeclUre by D,. 
Eliubelh John50n. "Women in the (mille of 
God, God 10 the lmaae of Women" PeICfson 
11.11108. 
, 

8 p.m.-"Womcn in Ima&eofGod,God in lhe 
Irnaac: of Women," IIlcclure by Dr. EJiubclh 
A. Johnson. C.SJ .• .-c,ardin, feminiSf lheol-
o,y ..... a renection on failh wuh specit'kfllX'us 
on lhe dianily of women liS human belna ," 
Sponsored by The Burke LeclUres which fo-
Cus on the: functions and respofblbiliucs of 
religion In SOCiety and ilsrole I"shapln, Kl(;lal 
lind moral \lalues Rt(;tpllOn followi, Pele,.-
50fI 11,11 108. 

9:3O p.m.-CANDLElIGIITMASS. Aquoet. 
medll8tivcllmeror h;mn,¥ruhOlhtn Spon-
sored bYlhe Cathoh~ Siudeni Community II 
ucsn Univen.IlY Luthcnn D'lurch, comer 
or N Torrey Pines and La Jolla Shores Dr. 

THURSDAY, MAY 3 

10:08 • . m.·2:10 p .... -Jcwish Campus Centers Information Table LR 
Reyelle Plua.. Come and mcel Rabbi DooJ Slotnick. director of the 
Jewi5h eaq,us Ccnten ar UCSD. This is. wly 10 iet information aboo( 
Jewish life on campus. 

5:45 p.m.- TIlE TIl URSDA Y DINNER. Homemade rood ,nd J'UI 
company. Sponsored by the Catholic StudeR! community at UCSO. 
University Lulheran Qurch. Cathol ic Loun&c:. AI the corner·o(N. Tonq 
Pines and La Jolla Sham: Dr. Donalion: $2.00, 

' :08 p.m.-Jotnt meetinJ OrlM C..hollc and Lutheran Churth Councils., 
with poIluck supper. Unl\lersity lAllheran OIurth. across the sutel from 
Revelle Colle,e. 

6:00-7:01 p.m.-C.S. LEWIS STIJDY COI'mNUES • Fa< .... n'''1 
several weeks \lie will examine ScrtwtOpC ur~rs - the flCtionai acc:ount 
of how the devil worts in the world, Join us (or some l;\lely discllSiion 
in Bid" . SOl MAAC - Campus MiniWy OffICe. Spon$Orc:d by Uniled 
Campus Ministry. 

7:30 p .... - Biblc: Srudy - Episcopal colkae stude",s. Weekly Bible 
Study and monthly event Infonnarion: F,.. 8ill Malledy, ~-66611C St. 
Eliubeth·s Ch urth , 2825 Menon Ave, San Oie, o. 

1:"9:00 p.na.-Ever usea ouija board? Ever wondcr wtw'sJO!nt on? 
'These and similarquc$lM>n:-; will be adc:basedby Rey. Wa,enerfrom lhe 
Office of Relieious Arraln in an open discusskKI. noaa Hall. 1, 1 noor 
lounce. 

FRIDAY, MAY 4 

7:00 p.m.- SHAB8AT SERVICE and Dinner wilh Oncg. Srudents 01'-
lanizc and in(imlle c,alltarian Shabbllcelebrations this week I I SDS U. 
Cau 583-6080 for infomullion. Jewish Campus Cenlen, 5742 Mon-
tezuma ROki. 

SUNDA Y, MAY 6 

1:81-.':01 • . tn.- Episcop:d Church Worship Service: Sunday Eucha. 
ri st and Parish rello \ll'ship. Good Samariuln EpiJil.'Opal Church, 432 1 
Eastgate M~ II , 

1:30 o.m.-CATIlOllC MASS. Sponsored by .... QllhoIic: SII.""" 
Community II UCS D. Universi ty Lulheran OlOreh, comtrolN. TOI'l'Cy 
Pinca and 1..3 Jolla S~S Dr. 

10:00 • • m.-Gultar folk mass. sponSOll!d b)' Lulheran Campus Minisuy. 
Everyone welcome. UniversilY Lutheran Church, .... ross the: weel from 
Revelle College. 

5:00 p .... -CATIlOllC MASS. Sponsoml by lhe Call1olic: Sludenl 
Communit)' II UCS D. Unlvcrsity Lutheral1 ~un,:h. comcrofN. Torrey 
Pines Ind Lo JoIlo Shores Dr. 

9:00 p .m.-CA niO LIC MASS. Sponsored by IheC~(t\olic Communi ly 
41 UCSO. Univenity Lutheran Churth, L'OmCrof N. Torrey Pines and La. 
Jolla ShOR:s Dr. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

MONDAY, APRIL 30 

11:30 1.m..2:3O p.m.-ISRAEL INDEPENDENCE DAY CELEBRA. 
TION - Food. dan,ins. music, lind runl! Price Center Plaza. Frte1J! 

TUESDAY, MAY I 

6:00-1:00 p.m.-R.ecepcion sponsored by American InslUute of Archi-
ICClS Foundation honoring Kay Kauer. M . Kal~r is: the "n:hhcclUnll 
critic (or the-San Die,Q Union and h.. being honortd (Other knowlcdgellnd 
Ihe professional perspeclive .she Mnas 10 her readers Grecn Focuhy 
Club. 

WEDNESDA Y. MA Y 2 

11:30 •• m,- I:OD p.m.-The "Time Against Crime" "'''.If . an errore co 
prorTIO(e tudenl s.afelY and Ihe pre\lemlon of crime . Ac:uvltles Ih31 will 
be held include di plays of ltCtunt)' and SIIfet)' devices for cars and 
btcydeli, ,"unay devices for Compulers, enarolvin" sc:rvice~. a self. 
defense demonMnntoo and Other vendors and servk:e Price eenler 
Plaza. Sponsored by the All Campus Commuter Boord, Studenl Safctyl 
Awarc:nen PlOlr:am, UCSD PoHl:c Dc"" IIfKilhe Security Advisory 
Commiucc. 

FRIDAY, MAY 4 

3:00 p.m.- Deadline 10 apply rOfliummer ond fall quarter IntC'm~hips in 
San Diego. Contacl lhe A S. Intemshlp Office (ot II"'!()R: Infonn31100 al 
S34·4689. ASIO. Price Ccnler. 3rd nooc 

SATURDA Y, MAY 5 
Il:OO-I :lOp.m._Wotld Record BrcOlkin& Evcnt· MOlilpeople tlidyin, 
in one pl>K:c III lhe ame time!! Fr« Ikn " Jerry ' s Ill. I:ttam (Of 
paMlclplnlJ! Allhe Sun God. 

Monday, April 30, 1990 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 17 

TWINS 
Continued from page 14 

connection between Ihem. 
Laurel Whitsett explained Ihal 

through a simple greeling ,she can 
tell ifsomelhing is wrong wilh her 
sister. 

" If something bad happens to 
the other, ii's a lmost like it hap-
pens to you but wi thout the pain," 
Laurel Whitsett said. 

'If something bad 
hapP'ens to the other, 
it's almost like it hap-
pens to you but with-
out the pain.' 

-Laurel Whitsett 

superstition and ii's out of secu-
rity, bUI ofIentimes we don' t travel 
together for this very reason . 

"It's my opinion thai we will 
die logether because God would 
not let us endure the pai n of nOI 
having the other around," Laurel 
Whilsett added. '" know it 's a 

"1 enjoy looking and talking 
and aCling somewhal like ... my 
sister, bUI I am still an individual, 
and I wam people to not be so 
ignorant , and to realize that ,here 
are individual differences." 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
The Schrepfer Twins: "Given the same sensory input we'll draw the same conclusions, • said Ernie Schrepfer. 

Financing 
Your Education 
Can Be A 
Balancing Act. •• 
TaIkToUs 
About A 
Student Loan! 

• Fast • Local 
We dare other lenders to beat US! 
If you need special help, we 
aren't a vague voice in New York 
or Sacramento. We're here and 
we help. 
FREE CREDIT UNION 
MEMBERSIDPI 

We waive your membership fee 
and you enjoy outstanding ftnan-
cial services from any of 22 
countywide branch locations. 

Call us for more info about 

Stafford, SLS, or PLUS 
546-2063 

o r ask your Finand al Aid Department 

L"\ 

tllJ delicious!.J. pitched 
.ensemble !tlm" L.A. Times 
. May 1 • Tuesday 

8:00p.m, 
Prke Center 
$3.00 

Mission Federal Credit Ution 
SE~VlNG M I OUCATIOIIAl COIIMUlllTI' 

"The Student Loan Store" 
MJIoIon _a11o , ~ million o edl union """'" hat s<ned .... oducaoonaI .,."'n" .... Iy of San D"lf' c.our.y 

rO( mote cha.n • Cf\*1C:r ocnuy b lCl, t.c:m\I, condiaon., and ICn'IbtI au~, ., c:t.rw:-
All ao.,.. subjcn 10 crctM approVILI. 

A , - , EN' ION ! 
S1'UDENTS Faculty Staff 
Another HOUSING Option! 

Introducing La Jolla Del Sol, the University of California, 
San Diego's newest housing option. While we are an 
integral part of the UCSD Housing Program, we provide a 
unique environment for Graduate Students, Married 
Students, Faculty and Staff. 
You will be attracted to the distinctive and well-planned 
design of the Community. Our Condo-style one- and 
two-bedroom apartments offer variable interior ameni-
ties including: wood-burning fireplaces; vaulted and 
cathedral ceilings; private patios and balconies; pre-
wiring for cable TV; kitchens with stove, refrigerator, and 
dishwasher; covered parking assignments and off-street 
parking, 
The Community offers for extracurricular activities: two 
solar-heated swimming pools with spas, two lighted 
tennis courts and a weight room. 
Our outstanding location is within walking distance to 
three regional shopping malls: University Towne Center 
(UTC), La Jolla Village Square, Costa Verde , plus a Vons 
Convenience Center. San Diego Transit provides bus 
service that is available for your use from La Jolla del Sol 
to UCSD campus. 
Come vis" La Jolla Del Sol, one of the finest facilities in 
the University of California system. 

LA JOLLA DEL SOL 
San Diego, CA 92122 

8046 Regents Road 
587-1221 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 30, 1990 

Sports 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Catcher Tracey Kehr was one of the few Tritons playing in her regular position this 
weekend as UCSD re-worked its defensive alignment due to numerous injuries. 

Softball Makes Do With 
Makeshift Defense; Splits 
With Nemesis CSUSB 
By JASON SNELL 
Senior StajfWriter 

This weekend, the injury-plagued UCSD 
softball team 's lineup featured its usual 
shortstop playing center field, its nonnal 
center fielder playing ~hortstop, and a sec-
ond baseman who hasn't played the position 
in years. 

Though the defensive alignment was a 
bit unfamiliar and untested, the Tritons still 
managed to split Friday's home double-
header with rival Cal State University San 
Bernardino, winning 5-1 in the first game 
before falling to the Coyotes 3-1 in the 
second. 

UCSD (21-16 and ranked eighth nation-
ally) was swept on Saturday by host Cal 
Lutheran, 4-3 in an II-inning marathon that 
lasted over three hours, and 4-1 in the night-
cap. 

The Tritons showed defensive flash all 
weekend, despite their altered lineup. 

Regular shortstop Dana Chaiken, only 
10 days after spraining her ankle, made a 
diving catch in center on Friday, and nailed 
a runner nying to score on a fly ball in the 
last of the seventh on Saturday. 

Sophomore Lisa Mora, the team's main-

stay in center field, has filled in well for 
Chaiken at short over the last eight-game 
stretch. 

Junior pitc,her-outfielder Kathy Fogg 
played the entire first game Friday at second 
base, filling in for Stephanie Molina, who 
has knee and back injuries. Fogg, who 
doubled and scored two runs, hasn't played 
the position since her first year at a junior 
college. 

"I guess [Head Coach Sal Coats] played 
me at second because she feels I know the 
game so well," Fogg said. "Still, it's differ-
ent from playing the outfield - you've got 
to pay a lot more attention, especially with 
runners on base." 

"As a pitcher, Kathy is used to pressure 
situations, and I'm confident enough to let 
her play in the outfield orthe infield," Coats 
explained. 

The Tritons blew Friday's first game, 
tied 1-1 into the fifth, wide open with a four-
run, two-out rally that was highlighted by a 
two-run double by senior catcher Tracey 
Kehr. 

Tensions Run High as Coyotes Run Over 
Tritons 3-2, 5-4 in Baseball Doubleheader 

"It was just a pop-up," Kehr said. " When 
I hit it, I figured I was out. When I saw it go 
over the left fielder's head, I took off. IfI had 
been running from the beginning, I could 
have probably made it to third." 

Kehr's misjudgementofherfly ball didn' t 
end up mattering - a wild pitch moved her 
to tbird, and she scored the game's final run 
on a sharp single to left by winning pitcher 
Dianna Moreno (4-2). 

By PHil.. GRUEN 
Senior Staff Writer 

With two out in the bottom of the ninth 
inning in the nightcap of Saturday's base-
ball doubleheader between UCSD and Cal 
State San Bernardino, Triton pinCh-hitter 
Dave Nowlan doubled and shortstop Erik 
Judson followed with a two-run homer over 
the left field fence. 

With playoff spots possibly on the line, 
what could have been a storybook finish 
proved instead to be nothing more than an 
anti-climactic conclusion to a frustrating af-
ternoon for the Tritons. 

UCSD, which came into the game with a 
10-4-1 record in Division III, could have 
solJdified its chances for a berth in the 
Western Regionab with a doubleheader 
sweep. 

But instead, the Tritons may have had 
those chances swept away as the Coyotes 
pulled out the brooms and came away with 
a 3-2, 5-4 doubleheader sweep at the new 
Triton Field. 

CSUSB, with the victory, improves to 
22-12 (15-6 in Division ill), while UCSD 
falls to 16-15-2; 10-6-1 against Division ill 
competition. 

The Tritons will be battling it out with 
CSUSB, La Veme, and Claremont for the 
two spots in the regionals. UCSD has split 
the season series with each of them. 

According to Triton Head Coach Lyle 
Yates, none of these teams have fewer than 
six losses in Divison ill play. 

"We're not in a good poSition right now ," 
Yates admitted after the long afternoon. 
"But we're not dead." 

Maybe not dead, but the Triton bats -

Third-Ranked Men's Tennis 
Shocked 5-4 by Pomona-Pitzer 
By ERIC BROSIO 
S/a/fWriter 

In oneofthe few highlights in the UCSD 
rnen's tennis team's 5-4 upset loss to Po-
mona-Pitzer on Saturday, the Tritons ' 
number one doubles team pulled off a long-
awaited victory. 

The third time proved to be the charm for 
Chris Belloli and Slg Huber, who recorded 
an upset of their own over the Sagehens' 
nationally top-ranked doubles team. 

Pomona's combmation of Cross and 
Swanson was undefeated entenng Saturday's 
competition, and had beaten Belloli and 
Huber the two urnes the pairs faced each 
other last year. 

In a yardstick ofthecompetition, all three 

matches have gone three sets. 
This time it was Belloli and Huber who 

walked away on the winning side, 6-3, 2-6, 
6-3. 

"We were intimidated by the fact that 
they were number one," Belloli admitted. 
"But now we know we're Just as good as 
they are. If we face them at the Nationals, 
we'll have a lot more confidence." 

The Tritons took two of the threedouble 
matches on the day. In addition to the Bel-
loh ·Huberwm,JeffBeathard and Tim Ditzler 
won in straight sets, 7-5 and 6-2. 

SteveStukov ky and Franci Monnardid 
not fare as well, each losing 6-2, 6-3. 

In comparison to the doubles matches, 

See M. TENNIS, page 19 

particularly in the heart of the lineup-were 
far from lively. 

Outfielders J.J. Fisher, Henry Jimenez, 
and Ernie Isola, the 3-4-5 hitters, could only 
muster a collective 3 for 19 effort in the two 
games. 

UCSD batters struck out a total of 17 
times on the day - 10 times against 
CSUSB's Darren Kay, who came on in 
relief in the third and got credit for the 
victory. Kay mixed up his pitches well to 
hold the Tritons in check until their brief 
outburst in the ninth. 

"We just didn 't have our confidence out 
there today," Yates said after the second 
game. "For us to be swept in our own 
yard ... it's frustration." 

The frustration was visible after the final 
out, as San Bernardino players - including 

See BASEBALL, page 19 

In the second game, Moreno and Fogg 
switched positions, with Fogg moving from 
the unfamiliar territory of second base to the 
supposedly friendlier confines of the 
pitcher'S mound. 

Fogg (7-9) struggled with her control at 
times, but managed to hold the Coyotes to 
one run until the sixth inning. With the score 
again tied at I-I, the Coyotes singled twice 
and sacrificed to put runners at second and 
third with one oul. 

Fogg bore down on the next batter and 
got her to fly out to left, too shallow to score 
a run. But the next batter, Felicia Harral, hit 
a Fogg pitch all the way to the left field fence 
for a game-winning two-run double. 

"I'll remember that pitch for the rest of 
my life," Fogg said. "RightbeforeI threw it , 
I got one of those feeli ngs: ' Why am I throw-

ee SOFI'BALL, page 19 

Rlmas Uzglrls/Guardian 
Francois Monnar lost 6-2, 6-3 contributing to UCSD's 5-4 upset loss to Pomona. 

• I • , 

Monday, April 30, 1990 

Another Four 
Records Fall at 
City Track 
Championships 
By STEVEN WEISMAN 
Staff Writer 

. In San Diego's first collegiate track and field 
championships on Saturday, UCSD had a strong 
outing on its home track in a meet against San Diego 
State and Point Lorna Nazarene. 

While the Division I Aztecs met expectations by 
dominating the overall scoring, UCSD women broke 
four school records and received several strong indi-
vidual perfonnances as the new track was dedicated 
with a ceremony featunng a speech by Olympian 
Steve Scott. 

San Diego State finished first in team competition 
in both the men ' s and women's with 88 points and 
100 points, respectively. 

Point Lorna Nazarene managed a second in the 
men's, outscoring third-place UCSD 63-47. 

Forthe women, UCSD took second with46 pOints, 
doubling Point Lorna's total of23. 

Shannon Quigley set a new UCSD mark for the 
women's shot with 46 ' 11 1(2" to earn first place, 
while finishing second to nationally ranked Ramona 
Pagel in the discus with a throw of 156'3". 

Vicki Dunckley surpassed her own school record 
in the 400 hurdles with a 1:06.19, three-hundreths of 
a second faster than her old time. 

The other two new UCSD records also belonged to 
the women's team, as Diane Fritz ran a 15.26 in the 
100 hurdles, and the 4x400 relay team clocked in at 
4:04.12. 

The team also recei ved a strong perfonnance from 
Rachel Beennan, who brought the team points with a 
third place finish in the shot and a fourth place effort 
in the discus. 

For the men's team, David Myers qualified for the 
Division III national championships in the 800 meters 
with a tim~ of I :51.79, after narrowly missing the 
I :52.4 qualifying mark in several previous outings. 

The Tritons took first and second in the discus 
competition with Scott Sargeant's 158'7" and Paul 
Cogbill's 152'6" marks. 

The pair also earned second and fourth place, 

, . 

The UCSD Guardian 

Brian MorriS/Guardian 
Pole vaulter Tom Day, shown in action earlier 
this season, cleared 13'0"to fin ish fifth Saturday. 

respectively, in the hammer event with Sargeant 
throwing for 187' and Cogbill for 148'2". 

Cogbill and Sargeant are among five Triton throw-
ers, along with Quigley ,Beennan, and Shelley Squibb 
from the women's team, who have already qualified 
for national competition. 

"Things have just clicked," third-year throwing 
coach Tony Salerno said. "Philosophically we ' re 
nying to be a little more elitist. We're trying to look 
beyond Division IIT." 

With junior Quigley, whom Salerno calls "a flat 
out Division I athlete," and Sargeant, a sophomore 
who is frequently beating Division I opponents, the 
outlook for Nationals is positive. 

The outlook can get even brighter for UCSD if 
more Tritons qualify at this Saturday's Last Chance 
Qualifier at the Triton Track Stadium. 

SPORTS 19 

PCVC TOURNAMENT 
Men's Volleyball Sweeps 
Santa Clara for Second 
Straight Conference Title 
By PETER KO 
Associate Sports Editor 

Someday, the UCSD men 's 
volleyball team's two-year un-
beaten streak in the Pacific Coast 
Volleyball Conference will come 
to an end. 

But, probably not someday 
soon. 

In Santa Clara on Saturday 
night, the Tritons (lO-16, 10-0 in 
conference) wrapped up their sec-
ond consecutive conference title 
with a 15-13, 15-2, 15-5 sweep of 
Santa Clara (11-12). 

In doing so, UCSD locked up 
its second unbeaten PCVC season. 

The Tritons have never lost in 
league play since the league was 
renamed two years. ago. 

UCSD experienced a bit of 
shakiness early, but settled down 
and cruised to the win. 

"They came out aggressive be-
hind a loud and abusive crowd and 
gave us some trouble at first," Head 
Coach Oscar "Digger" Graybill 
said. 

In particular, UCSD had trouble 
controlling the Broncos ' ali-con-
ference player Doug Schaeffer. 

Bryan Palmer led the Tritons 
with 12 kills. PCVC player of the 
year Nate Brown had II kills. 

Brown, a sophomore, was the 
player of the year last year as well. 

Joining him on the aU-confer-
ence team were senior John Lim, a 
member of the all-conference 
squad last year, and junior Tom 
McCutchen. Both are graduating. 

"If Nate Brown and Bryan 
Palmer return, we should be well 
stocked next year," Graybill said. 

Graybill was named the PCVC 
coach of the year for the second 
year in a row. 

SOFTBALL: 1-3 Weekend 
Continued from page 18 
ing this pitch?' By the time I fin-
ished asking the question, the ball 
was gone." 

Tbe Coyotes, ranked first in the 
Division III Western Region ear-
lier this season, are struggling for a 
spot in post-season action after 
losing seven straight games. That 
streak was broken with their vic-
tory over UCSD in Friday 's sec-
ondgame. 

Even though UCSD split the 
crucial doubleheader, the Tritons 
coaching staff feels the team was 
hitting well all day. 

"We were hi tting the ball hard," 

UCSD ASSIstant Coach Lu Harris 
said. "The Coyotes were getting 
dink hits-they'd hit one over the 
head of our infielders, and we'd hit 
a line dri ve right at the shortstop or 
third baseman." 

On Saturday, the Tritons' luck 
- most of it bad - continued. 
Playingadoubleheaderagainst Cal 
Lutheran, a team that beat them 9-
1 and 6-4 earlier this year, UCSD 
played well enough to win the first 
game. 

The Tritons used great defense 
to take Cal Lutheran to II innings 
before losing, holding the Regals 
to just four runs despite their 18 
hits. 

BASEBALL Brennan's double in the first in-
ning of game two, but the Tritons 
chased starter Brooks Peters in the 
bottom of the third. 

M. TENNIS: Upset Loss UCSD, meanwhile, had three 
runs on only four hits against the 
Regals (29-10-2), who are ranked 
third nationally in NAJA 

Continued from page 18 
one who held a broom aloft -
appeared to be rubbing the victo-
ries in the faces of the hosts during 
the celebration. 

UCSD pitcher Dann Eaton, who 
threw the final four innings, had to 
be restrained by teammate Erikk 
Aldridge before tempers subsided. 

The two ri vals have a history of 
hard feelings, which were evident 
from the first inning of game one. 

Judson, UCSD' s leadoffhiuer, 
was plunked on the first pitch from 
CSUSB starter and eventual win-
ner Jon Glasscock (5-2). 

In the top half of the second, 
Triton starter Mike Morgan (6-2) 
returned the favor by hitting 
CSUSB left fielder Sal Herrera. 

[n the second game, Coyote 
cleanup hitter Paul Gonzales was 
nailed twice by UCSD starter Rick 
Rupkey. The second time he was 
hit, words were ellchanged between 
Gonzales and Rupkcy. Coyote 
players emerged from the dugout 
before warnings were issued to 
both clubs and order was restored. 

Yates explained that none of 
the hit batsmen were intentionally 
hit, but admitted that he had in-
s truc te d Ruplcey "to throw 
in ide . .. to Gonzales in particular," 
with the intention of keeping him 
from crowding the plate. 

San Bernardino led 2-0 after 

The Tritons rallied for two runs 
of their own on four consecutive 
hits, including a two-run double 
by Jne DeFranco. 

DeFranco's double left Triton 
runners on second and third with 
still only one out, but Kay relieved 
Peters and shut the door, striking 
out both Fisher and Jimenez to end 
the inning. 

The Coyotes pushed two runs 
across in the temper-flaring sixth, 
and a Single run in the eighth. The 
Tritons had a threat quelled in the 
seventh when DeFranco, who was 
3 for 5 in the second game, hit into 
a 6-4-3 double play with runners 
on the comers and one out. 

Judson 's third homer of the 
season in thelastoftheninthclo ed 
out the scoring. 

In the opener, the Triton took 
the lead when first baseman Ted 
White 's double drove in Isola. But 
UCSD, which managed only three 
hits in the game, would not be 
heard from again until the seventh, 
when White 's sacrifice fly scored 
Jimenez. 

In the meantime. the oyotes 
tallied single runs in each of the 
fourth , fifth, and sixth innings -
two of those run on 010 h mer 
from Brennan and econd ba e-
man Ryan Love. Love' home run 

Continued from page 18 
the individual performances in 
singles competition were relatively 
weak. 

Huber and Belloli were two of 
the three Tritons who lost i n straight 
sets in singles matches, 6-4, 6-1 
and 6-3, 6-3 respectively. Monnar 
also went down in straight sets, 6-

1, 7-6. 
UCSD's only two singles wins 

came from Steve Stukovslcy, 6-4, 
6-1, and Tim Ditzler, 4-6, 6-4, 6-1. 

UCSD was ranked third in the 
country before the match and is 
expected to be ranked within the 
top eight going into the Nationals, 
May 13-20 at Swarthmore, PA. 

Grq Benes/Guardian 
J.J. Fisher was just one victim as the Tritons got nailed 3-2, 5-4. 
in the sixth proved to be the game 
winner. 

Morgan, de pite the two pitches 
that ended up beyond the right 
field fence, limited Coyote baiters 
to just four hits and two earned 
run while triking out even in his 
third complete game of the sea on. 
Morgan leads the pitChing staff in 

victories, complete games, and 
ERA. 

UCSD has ix games left on its 
1990 schedule, but none of them 
areagainst Di visionillopponent , 
o its record against Division III 

competition will have to stand 011 
tiS own when regional berths are 
awarded in two week . 

"The Cal Lutheran head coach 
told his players that we should 
have beaten them," Coats said. 
"Our defense is what saved us in 
these last few games. We just 
haven ' t been getting the hitting." 

The CSUSB games marked the 
end of the Tritons ' Division III 
regular-season competition, as 
UCSD finished 14-5 again t Divi-
sion ill opponents. 

' 'I'm a little worried [about our 
playoff chances). Last year, it was 
pretty certain that the learn would 
get into the post-season. This time, 
I'm not 0 sure," Coats, in her first 
year at the Triton helm. revealed. 

A change in ranking methods 
will help the Triton' playoff 
chances. Beginning Ihis week, 
rank ings will include " power 
points" - a sy tern thaI figures in 
trength of schedule. 

"We played in a Division II-
only tournament . We didn't win, 
but we played well. That can only 
help us in the rankings," Coats said 
of the CSU Hayward Tournament 
earlier in April in which the Tri-
tons were edged by fourlop-20 Di-
vi ion 11 teams. 

UCSD' final regular-season 
game will be a noon home dou-
bleheader this Saturday against 
Divi ion I cro's-town foe U D. 

, " 

-



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 
I . • I 

20 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Classified advertising Is sold In 15-
word Increments. The rate per 15 
wordsls$1 forstudents,$3forfaculty 
and staff,and $4 lor others. Payment 
In advance Is required; therelore, 
ads must be mailed w ith a check 
(made payable to The UCSD 
Guardian) or presented In person. 
Please have exact change. Deadlines 
are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
paper and 3 p.m . Monday lor 
Thursday's paper. The Guardian 
reserves the right to refuse any 
advertising including but not limited 
to companionship ads. For more 
Information call 534-5416. The 
Guardian, UCSD, B-016, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

NNOUNCEMENTS 
ONE MONTH IN POLAND - HUNGARY 
- CZECHOSLOVAKIA - EAST 
GERMANY $1 ,495. includes air. These 
rales available for nonstudents also. 
Tibor, 444-8234; Ann , 459-0883. (4/2-
4130) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth, education, prayer, socializing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Students! 
502 Matthews; eastofthe Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521. (412-61 
7) 

Scholarships/Grants for college area 
available. Millions go unclaimed yearly. 
Call 1-800·334-3881 . (4112-6n) 

Writing helpl Professional, private, meet 
your deadline, your convenience, 
money back guarantee. Jim 481-1 Bl0. 
(4/12-617) 

r- R b ' h 01 s ware ouse near c onvoy -

FUTONS or FRAMES 
4-WAY LOUNGER & 6 • FUTON 
TW1f1 $92 Oueen$II9.60 
Ful $106.40 KingSm 

OAK &EDI COVERS $19 
COUCH wlFuton 
tomul w/6" fulOt1 or 
Fui S174 Frame purchase 
Queen $t84 

STOIlI HOUIlS 

= 
::m; Thurs. 12-7; Fri . 12-6 

Sal. 10-5; Sun. 11-4 
_ .·wed. oppointments 
292-4673 Of' 569-7081 

LAIlGi INWNTORTI TAICII 
Pnces sub,cct to change Dchvcf)l 2. \·allablc 
4807 Mercury St., Wo",hou .. " f " 
'Iak~ 1-805 or 1·163 toCI;urcmonl M~ BI'-d 

Go I blocks 50Uth on Mereul')' !tr. on 'f 
(orner of MereuI')" and KonbOO ted 

Apply Now to be the Financial Director 
on the Third College Student Council. 
Applications available at the TC Dean's 
office. Deadline to apply: 4127, 4:30 
p.m. at the Dean's office. (4123-5/3) 

THIRD COLLEGE studenlsl Don't 
forget to vote for your representatives 
to the Third College Student Council. 
Vote on May 2 and May 3 in front of 
Peterson Hall from 10-4. (4123-5/3) 

Former U.S. Military Investigator, Gene 
Wheaton, will speak about the air crash 
over Ganger, Newfoundland in 1985 
that killed 256 U.S. Army Airborne 
soldiers and how it is tied to the Iranian 
Arms Deal. Atso, Tony Avirgan, 
Journalist and Christic Institute LaWSUIt 
Plaintiff, updates the Costa Rican 
investigation into the La Penca Bombing 
that resulted in murder indictments for 
John Hull and Filipe Vida!. He will 
discuss the fulure of Central America 
after the Nicaraguan and Costa Rican 
elections. Monday, April 30, 7:30 p.m. 
Marston Middle School, 3799 
Clairemont Dr. atUte St. (1 block south 
of Balboa). $5, $3Istudents. 272-5974. 
(4123-4130) 

There are slartling similarities between 
the 1985 Arrow Air disaster over 
Gander, Newfoundland that killed 256 
members of Ihe 101 st Airborne and the 
1988 Pan Am Flight 103 disaster over 
Lockerbie, Scotland, that killed 270 
people. Read about it in the Integrity 
Times (San Diego Constitulional 
Integrity Alliance), PO Box 90114, San 
Diego, 92109. Only $6 for 6 monthly 
issues. (4/23-4130) 

RAFT THE RIVERS OF THE WEST II 
Cataract Canyon of the Colorado, the 
Yampa, Green. Go with Hatch who was 
the first t run the Middle Fork of the 
Salmon in 1 936! Reasonablerates. 8001 
34218243. (4123-4130) 

Get an edge over other students 
applying for the same job! Apply for a 
summer or fall inlernship in S.D. and 
gain practical experience. Deadline is 
Friday May 4. Call ASIO for more info at 
534-4689, or stop by, 3rd floor, Price 
Center. (4/26-513) 

Are you ready for the job market? 
Develop your own internship through 
ASIO and get practical experience. 
Contact Jon Ward at 534-4689 for more 
info. (4/26-5/3) 

DO YOU LIKE ICE CREAM? Take a 
study break and come to Ben & Jerry's 
(Regent Rd.) on Tuesday, May 1 from 
7-10 p.m. to supporl Golden Key 
Nalional Honor Society. (4/30) 

Computers 
LA]OLLA 

UCSD SPECIAL DISCOUNT 
INCLUDES: 

----
----
- - ---

---
- - ---
- -----=~=~= 

• 2 DRIVES 
. 640 MEMORY 

PRINTER 
• l-YR WARRTY COMPATIBLE 
• SOFTWARE Comp/eteSystem 

$795 
Anything 
you need CALL 454-5544 

1110 Torrey Pines Road, SUtie A 
La Jolla, CA 92037 _:E m Financing & leasing Ava,lable 

FIESTA DANCE PARTY - Saturday, 
May 5,8 p.m. - 1 a,m., Jewish Singles, 
21 and over, $10 admission, Embassy 
Suites, La Jolla. Presented by ELITE 
SINGLES. Forfurther information phone 
hotline 587-8563. (4130-5/3) 

FEAR OF PUBLIC SPEAKING? Leam 
effective communicalion skills! Visit 
University Toaslmasters - Tues , 
evenings 5:30 - 7:00 MAAC 111·A 
Conference room (directly south of P.C. 
Ballroom) Call Dave 558-1564 for more 
info. (4130-513) 

International Student Activism. Discover 
what is going on and why! 511 /90 6:00-
7:30 p.m. Price Center Cove Room. (41 
30) 

DO NOT BE CONFUSED! The timber 
industry initiative may notbe the petition 
you want to sign! They litle it "The 
Global Warming and Clearcutting 
Reduction , Wildlife Protection and 
Reforestation Act of 1990." Their 
definition of clearcutting would allow 
them to cut down every old-growth tree 
in an acre excepl one. If you sign the 
CALIF FOREST AND WILDLIFE 
PROTECTION INITIATIVE sponsored 
by Forests Forever (appears on Ihe 
petition) , you will be saving the precious 
old-growth forests from being destroyed 
& sold off 10 other countries. Endorsed 
by : CALPIRG , The Planning & 
Conservation League, Natural 
Resources Defense CounCil , Sierra 
Club. Call any group for more 
information. (4/30-5/3) 

Join ISRAEL Independence 
Celebration, Monday April 30. Price 
Center Plaza. All day. FREE. HAPPY 
BIRTHDAY! (4/30) 
I 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari Electrologisl, 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court . Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-
1962. (4130-6n) . 

PAPERS TYPED! Quick & affordable ! 
$2!typed double-spaced page. Call W 
Colony Resumes & Professional Typing 
Services, 455-8357. One-day service 
available , Laser Printing! Choice of 35 
typestyles I (4/2-6n) 

TYPINGIIII I'll Iype your term papers 
etc. Quickly and inexpensively. Laser 
printer. Call Jennifer: 556-6090. (4/9-41 
30) 

TypinglWord Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, papers, theses, letters, 
resumes . Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (4/9-5/3) 

Rent-a-brain 24-hr. writing tutor; 
outstanding A-student UC grad save 
this numberl Make deadlines Jim 481-
1810.(4/12-6n) 
TYPING -Iheses, term, Ph,Ds, Legal. 
All formats. RUSH JOBS. MARIE 931-
9596 (4112-Gn) 
Surfing - finally do it, fun , safe, 20 years 
experienced lifeguard, water safety 
instructor 481-1810. (4112-6n) 
Hostels in Australia for $1 O/nite . Upand 
down the coast. Fare Deals Travel 800-
878-2929 . (4/1 6-5/3) 

MIDTERMS? TUTORING : Math , 
Physics and beginning programming. 
Graduate with OASIS and TA 
qualifications. John 453-3194. (4/19-5/ 
3) 

COMPUTER REPAIR, upgrading ; 
software installation; help and tutoring . 
CALIFORNIA BYTE - we come 10 youl 
744-7847. (4/19-4130) 

CD Player Repair and Tune up. Quick 
and reliable, student rates, near 
campus, 7 days. Call Compufix: 456-
5916 , (4123-4/30) 

Macintosh Services - Repairs-
Upgrades : Component level repair. 
FREE estimates. 2-day turnaround . 
Weekendl Emergency Service . 
Reasonable Rales (e.g. Mac 128/51121 
Plus Power Board $89) . Memory 
Upgrades for ALL Macs (Mac 128/512 
to Plus Starts @$210). FREE Campus 
pick up and delivery. Call 456-5916 
Compufix. (4/23-4130) 

PROFESSIONAL WORD PRO-
CESSING - $1.50/pg. Resumes, 
Papers, Theses - Laser APA Format, 
Next Day delivery. 439-9317, 297-6291 . 
(4/23-5/17) 
WORD PROCESSING, term papers, 
experienced dissertations, 7 days a 
week, 4.0 English Skills, references 
755-2683. (4/26-Gn) 
Never miss a phone call, never tose 
a message . AMVOX Telephone 
Answering and Messaging Service 
answers your phone .. . On or before the 
first ring, Even if you're using it. even if 
several calls come at same time. 
Receive Every Call with AMVOX 
Service. Amway distributor. Jim 491 -
1216. (4/26-513) 
TRAIN YOUR BRAIN the easy wayl 
RANDOLPH SUBLIMINAL TAPES will 
make you a super learner. Proven 
success, over 150 tape litles offered, 
quick results, it's worth a try I Ask about 
our educational, health, relationships, 
sports, and success tapes series. I'm a 
UCSD student too, and I believe they 
really help! Call 452-7469, evenings, 
and ask for Deborah ( a private 
distributor) . (4/30-5n) 
WORD PROCESSING -Student papers 
and resumes. Laser printing. Fast and 
reasonable . Call InpuVOutput. 53S-
3010. (4130-6/7) 
Word Processing - any size, p ick up & 
delivery. Fast lurnaround - Call Sandy 
755-4316. (4/30-Sn) 

WANTED 
Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the effects of alcohol. If you 
are a UCSD student or non-academic 
staff, American bom male of entirely 
Japanese, Chinese, or Korean descent, 
call Scripps Clin ic and Research 
Foundation for more information, 554-
2192. (412-617) 
Asthma Research . Mild to moderate 
asthmatics are needed to help evaluate 
new medications. Earn up to $250 and 
receive a free physical and medications. 
Clinical Trials Center. Phone 294-3787. 
(3/5-4/30) 

NOW HIRING 
-Flexible Hours -Competitive Wages 

- Advancement opportunities - Hiring all shifts/positions 

McDonold 's® Restaurant 
9440 Scronton Rd. 

(805 & t/Uro Meso Bl.d.) 
Son Diego, CA 92121 

Phone 452-3013 

McDDnaId's® Restaurant 
"260 Nobel Dr. 
CosIO Verde Moll 

Son Diego, CA 92122 
Phone 452-3014 

Monday, April 30, 1990 

Monday, April 30, 1990 

HELP WANTED. $9.85to start. National 
retail chain filling 15 openings. No 
experience required. Scholarships 
available. No door tl) door or phone 
sales , Call 565-1533 9-3 p.m. (3/12-41 
30) 

ATIENTION - HIRINGI Government 
jobs - your area. $17,840 - $69,485. 
Call 1-602-838-8885. Ext R-18113. (41 
16-4/30) 

ATIENTION: EARN MONEY TYPING 
AT HOMEI $32,000/yr . income 
potential. Details (1 )602-838-8885 E (t 
T-18113. (4/16-4/30) 

MAKE EVERY DAY EARTH DAY. 
Summer Campaigns for the 
Environment. Earn $2500-$3500. Help 
pass the Clean Air Act, tighten pesticide 
controls, and promole comprehensive 
recycling. Work available in 18 states & 
D.C. Kate 800n5-EARTH. (4/19-4130) 

LOVE TEACHING CHILDREN? Paid 
training position avail. with 
DEVELOPMENTAL DANCE. Send 
resume or information requests to: J . 
Fletcher, 2565 Montgomery Ave ., 
Cardiff, CA 92007. (4/23-4/30) 

Broken Macintosh equipment wanted 
for CE student. Willing to negoliate a 
trade. Call 535-0930. (4/23-4/30) 

FREE TRAVEL BENEFITSI AIRLINES 
NOW HIRING! ALL POSITIONS I 
$17,500-$58,240. Call (1) 602-838-
8885 Ext. X-18113. (4123-4/30) 

FREE TRAVEL BENEFITS I CRUISE 
SHIPS AND CASINOS HOW HIRING! 
ALL POSITIONS! Call (1) 602-838-8885 
Ext. Y -18113. (4123-4130) 

UNHAPPY? FREE research studies 
evaluating medications are available 10 
people suffering from depression, 
Symptoms include sadness, fatigue, 
guilt, loss of interest in daily activities, 
and difficulties sleeping, eating, and 
concentrating . Suitable volunteers 
receive free medications, lab tests, 
physicals and psychiatric evaluation. 
18 or older. Free studies also available 
for panic. Call The Feighner Research 
Institute at 464-4300 Monday - Friday 
10 a.m. - 4 p.m.(4/26-617) 

Spend at least 3 months in Pisa, Italy 
with Italian family to look after baby for 
free room and board. Work only 112 
day, Musl be female, Call Anne 454-
5841 . (4126-513) 

Need exIra money? Spare time? 
National marketing firm offers part-time 
poSition posting promotional material 
on campus. Call Larry at 800592-2121. 
(4/26-4130) 

Housecleaners, window washers, $7-
$14/hours ,8-25 hour week, flex, 
punctual, professional, reliable car, must 
have some experience , must work 
through summer, good references . 259-
8731/M-F 12p.m-5p.m. leave message. 
(4/26-Gn) 

Person wanted to drive 31 fool 
Motorhome to Denver, Kansas City, St. 
Louis, or Dayton, OH departing San 
Diego May 26 and traveling about 100 
miles per day to support 3 middle-age 
bicyclists riding to Ohio . Terms 
negotiable. Call 454-4274. (4/26-4/30) 

Outdoor summer jobs! Great wages -
work with STUDENT PAINTERS · Call 
Mike 587-0429. (4130) 
WATER & JETSKIINSTRUCTORS for 
summercamp in Big Bear, summer '90. 
Salary + rm & board. Please contact 
Eric Quaide (714) 786-3000. (4130-51 
17) 

STUDENTITEACHERS - Desire to 
make a difference? Share with parents 
& children unique leaming experience 
producing kids with 2 of life's greatest 
gifts · roots to grow_ Ax. hrs. voice mail 
495-7260. (4130-513) 

Research assistant to best-selling 
au thor. Skilled researcher, word 
processor (WordPerlect) organizer, 
writer. 2S-40 hrs/wk. Encinitas. $6/hr. 
753-5000. Dr. Farrell. (4/30-5/3) 

Monday, April 30,1990 

We are looking for models interested In 
free haircuts and consultations , Please 
call 488-8700. (4/30-5/31) 

Telephone Operators needed for 24 
hour national party line. All shifts 
available FT, PT in Mission Valley 
location. EARN UP 10 $10lhour while 
talking on the telephone. 496-3361 . (41 
30-5/14) 

Average $20 an houri Now hiring for 
summer or on-going positions as Munch 
Patrols and Rose Sellers for popular W 
nightclubs. Part-time. Must be 21 or 
more. 297-4850. (4130-sn) 

ATTENTION : EARN MONEY 
READING BOOKSI $32 ,OOO /year 
income potential. Details (1) 602-838-

8~5 Ext. BK18113. (4130-513) 

FOR SALE 
Guitar Sunburst Fender Strat amp. 65 
watt fender sidekick $450 together o.b.o, 
separate. Mike 454-05901 . (4/16-4/30) 

Glasspar, tri -hull whaler style 75 
Evinrude. Trailer and all extras 
included. $1300/0.b.o. Call Dan Lorch 
454-SEXI. (4119-513) 

Ski boots, weights : Solomon SX70 
mens' size 9 $40; Iron weight set + 
benct'4>ress$40. 792-9817. (4119-4130) 

VW Rabbit Diesel, 1980, vg. condition. 
A steal at $10001 Phone 450-4671 , 
leave message. (4119-sn) 

Beautiful Burmese Python - 1 314 years 
old . Mustsell-steal of a deal at $200 or 
bast offer. Call Dan at291 -7462. (4/23-
4/30) 

Honda aero 50 scooter; excellent 
condition ; 80 cents per week gas; easy 
upkeep; $300, evenings 558-8986. (41 
23-6/7) 

1983 Audi 5000 Turbo diesel, excellenl 
condition, black, all power, rebuilt motor, 
$3,200 o .b.o. 454-3469. (4123-513) 

HP-28S Scientific Calculalor, new 
condition, Also three application guides 
(Matrices, CalaJlus, and Statistics) $1 00 
for all. 558-1498 (4123-5/5) 
'82 Datsun B210 - $1250. Reliable 2 
door sedan. 5 sp. Very clean. Call 298-
8512. (4126-4130) 

'80 VW Rabbit - $1600.00 Good 
condition, 4 door, 4 speed, Pioneer 
pullout system, new carpet, all service 
records, great for summerl Call 298-
8512 for more inlo. (4/26-4130) 

Bridgestone Desert Dueler Tires (4) 
33xI2. 5RI5LT:$1 00.00; White Canvas 
Top for Suzuki Samurai w/lrama (used 
1 week) $75.00; Samurai Bra (Black! 
Red) $50.00; Samurai Visors & rearview 
mirror $25.00. 534-3725. (4/26-4130) 

1966Mustang. ExceHentcondition,soid 
by 5-yearowner. $2,900 D.b.o. Michele 
or Carlos at 558-8533. (4126-4130) 
Surfboards: 5'10" and 6'3" thrusters. 
Uke new, no dings. Must sell. Cheap. 
John 546-9304. (4130) 

"you have RECENTLY had 
any Infec1ious or Sexually 
Transnltled Diseases, you 

may quaIfy to EARN CASH 
and ~ US ~ others. 

FOR FREE TES'TI«; 'MORE 
INFOfIIATlON CALl 

Honda Civic 1500 OX, 1980, air , 
cassette, sunroof, looks new, runs great, 
$1700 firm 576-8024. (4130) 

Honda Aero 50: 1985, good condition, 
low mileage, red wlbasket, great for 
beach trips and commuting to campus. 
$650,00 or best offer. Call weeknights 
792-8251 ask for Lisa. (4130-5/1 0) 

1972 VW Superbeetle, outstanding 
condition , 15K miles on rebuild. 
Immaculate interior/exterior. $1800 
OBO, 5598-8127. (4130) 
CAN.,. SURFI Men's large O'Neil O'no 
full wetsuil, Blue/gray, almost new. $1 00 
o.b .o. 453-3826. (4/30) 
ATIENTION - GOVERNMENTSEIZED 
VEHICLES from $100. Fords, 
Mercedes, Corvettes, Chevys. Surplus 
Buyers Guide. 1-602-838-8885 Ext. 
A181 13. (4/30-5/3) 
18' Regal All Terrain Mtn. bike 10 spd.l 
good condition . $80 o.b.o. 453-3826 
Sean. (4130) 
A futon & frame unused $95.00 Can 
deliver. 268-0814 (4130-5131 ) 
'75 Toyota Catica new brakeslclutch 
needs earb. work. $650 o.b .o. Anna 
455-6180 late evenings. (4/30-513) 
'65 Ford Mustang, very nice, runs 
excellenUy, lots of extras, $4700 o.b.o. 
Aaron 558-6565. (4/30-sn) 
MOUNTAIN BIKEI Black Peugol, new 
tires $200/0.b.o. Compound bow: wI 
silent quiver & glove. $1 OO/o.b.o_ (4130-
513) 
I need moneyl For sale: Sony aulo-
reverse tape deck (for home), Sony 
Discman 0-10 w/car mounl, CB-radio, 
12 String Guitar w/case. books - Shenk 
Calculus + workbook, Ross Calculus, 
Oxtoby Chem + workbook, VanVlack 
AMES 11 + workbook, Mashaw Fortran 
77, Physics 2AL + 2CL lab manuals, 
Taylor Error Analysis , Swedlund 
Photography , Jacobs Photography, 
Lefanu Science Fiction. Call for flexible 
prices. Reeves. 558-2442. (4130) 
SCARE OFF car thieves with the 
CHEEPER BEEPER I Flashing red light 
and beep make them think you have 
expensive alarm. NO WIRINGI Simply 
place on dash. Send $14.\15 check to: 
4130 La Jolla Village Dr., Suite 107-
156, La Jolla, CA 92037. (4130) 

The UCSD Guardian 

'81 Datsun 200SX: 5 speed hatchback, 
very good condition . Atpine AMlFM 
cassette, sunroof, power options, cover 
$2300 . 942-960 1: please leave 
message. (4130-513) 

HOUSING 
Want to make money while you are out of 
town this summer? Rent your house, 
apartment or part thereof to responsible 
law students who will be clerking at Seltzer 
Caplan Wilkins & McMahon in San Diego. 
Please call Maria Macias at 294-2801 
Extension 135 for further intormation. (41 
2-4/30) 
LJ condo to share wI female. 2 BR, 
security, all amenities, garage, tennis, 
pool, etc., walk to UCSD/shopping, non-
smoking, prefer grad. student, 5437.50. 
Available June. 458-9168. (412-4/30) 

Subletting your apartment this summer? 
Local law firm seeking summer housing 
tor law clerks. Call Karen at 699-3542 
with details. (412-5/10) 
Duplex 4 bd. 2 112 bath house: pooV 
tennis. Walk to UCSD. Best location. 
$1750.459-2935;551-9203. (4/19-4130) 
Beautiful room, board, salary for part-
time child care (Boy, 9) Female 
nonsmoker, Del Mar. 481 -61 t5. (4126-51 
7) 

Trilevel condos, 2 bd. 2 112 ba ($1 800) or 
t bd I 112 ba ($1100), pool , spa, walk to 
UCSD 551-9203. (4130-5110) 
Huge House; La Jotta Shores, 4 bd. 3 ba, 
yard, garages, 3 blocks from be~, close 
to all $2800 mo. 551 -9203. (4130-5110) 
2 story house wI sundeck, pool, tennis, 
spa, walk 10 UCSD, great location, 1750 
mo. 551 -9203. (4/30-Sn) 
House wi yard I 4 bd. 2 112 ba; remodeled, 
close to UCSD and malls, 2 car garege, 
$ I BOO mo. 551 -9203. (4130-5/10) 
ROOMMATE NEEDED: Availabe May 
17 or as soon as May 1. Own room n 
Clairemont house. Big grass backyard. 
10 min. to campus. Lots of space. Close 
to everything. John Aeming . 273-2145. 
(4/30-5n) 
Master bedroom for 2. Own bath. Across 
street from UCSD. Summer only. John, 
Paul, 546-9304. (4130) 

SIMON MIKHAEL 
IMMIGRATION ATTORNEY 
• Business visas for professionals and jnvestors 
• Labor certifications 
• Asylum & deportation defense 
Fluent: Arabic and French 
Member: American Immigration Lawyers Association 

FREE INITIAL CONSULTATION 439-6895 
ec.nstdt 2103 El Cllnino Real, Suite lOlA 439-6895 

SIll DIego lOt West-C' Street, SuKe 905 233-4-431 

~OllP ANO SALAU BAR RrSTAlJRANrS 

NOW WE DELIVERI 
UCSD PARTIES, 
LUNCHEONS, MEETINGS, 
CALL USI 
551 -0100 / FAX 551 -0180 

WELCOME BACK! 
ucsO'S Original Soup Exchange 

Downtown La Jolla, 7T77 Fay Ave. wants you back! 
......... ye. __ ·tR .............. 000 

Come 10 downtown La Jolla, show , S~- OFF 
your student I,D, and we'll give you -,. 

Not valid on deliveries. Expires 5/31/90. 

Leucaaia I bedroom mobilehome. 112 
block from beach. Steal al $21 ,000, $350 
space ren . 945-3325. (4130-5/10) 
La Jolla Colony Town house. 3 bd. 2 blh 
view of lush green belt, pool and spa. 
Many upgrades. Near all. VA .7% loan if 
eligible. $240,000 by owner 587-9335, 
(4130-513) 
Clean quiet, female nonsmoker needed, 
Rent own bedr + bath $350 + 1/4 utils. 
Across UTC 457-3854. (4/30) 
Summer Sublet (available 6117-911) La 
Jolla Village Park 2 master BRI2.5 baths, 
furnished, all amenities, garage, fireplace, 
WID, pooIlspa, lennis/racquetball , close 
to UCSD,UTC. $1100/month + uti!. 455-
6356. (4130-511 0) 
4 bd. 2112 bath house, yard pool, spadous, 
close to all, garage, University City $21 001 
mo 551 -9203. (4130-5110) 
2 fem. roommates wanted to share master 
BR w/own bath in great apt. Furnished, 
except for BA. Comple. incl. pooVspa/ 
weight room/rec. room in quiet area in 
U.C. $2701month + 113 uti! each. Michele 
457-7786. (4130) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST: A gold Mickey Mouse watch with a 
rec1angular face. Lost during finals week 
of winter quarter 1990. Extreme 
sentimental value. Raward. lffoundplease 
call 558-t 728. (4130) 

PERSONALS 
ONE MONTH TOURtNG POLAND -
HUNGARY - CZECHOSLOVAKIA -
EAST GERMANY - $1,495, includes air 
fare. This rate good for nonstudents also. 
Tibar, 444-8234; Ann, 459-0883. (412-41 
30) 

I NEED A TRAVEL BUDDYI Backpacking 
through Europe this summer? I'm very 
flexible I Join mel We'll have a great timel 
Laura 459-9350. (4130-5/3) 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

00 YOU LIKE ICE CREAM? Take a 
study break and come to Ben & Jerry's 
(Regent Rd,) on Tuesday, May t from 7-
10 p.m. to support Gotden Key National 
Honor Society. (4/30) 
What would you do if you had one day to 
live? Would you be willi ng to die for another 
human being? 'The Dust of Eden" Wed. 7 
p.m. Price Center Gallery A. (4130) 
Jostens College rings on sale this week at 
Bookstore. Monday - Wednesday 10:00-
3:00 p.m. (4/30) 
All those who have applied or are 
interesled in being a STUDENT HEALTH 
ADVOCATE call Dalynn 534-24t9, or 
Kaieen 534-3874. (4/30) 
S.E.A. -Where ever you go, Whatever 
you do, even in Timbuktu, I will be there to 
put out any fires, JUST FOR YOU I Always, 
Your "#1 Fire Chief" 

----------------, READ" GEr "T, GO! 
SPRING INTO SUMMER 

f~SPECIAL! 
With this coupon ... 
one FREE Month 
with purchase of 
regular 
membership. 
4 MONTHS FOR 

THE PRICE OF 3 
• T otat cost One per person. Must tlIvciI on "" visit ard an ......,. may 

;"';::;'---f be 0"",1Id Ie< anroling on ~ rnarrberships. First ime -. on~. 
'Rr,P'T.lr1 No oltwlr diioc:<uIts can be used in conj\.nction with INs off. and 

membership must be usod at can .. of anralmont. Must bo at Ioost 18 
'J''''WoiI~'' years old. Personal ~"'ing and babysitting av_ at nonlnaI cost 

IL Lomas Santa Fe Plaza' 975-C Lomas Santa Fe • Solana Beach 259-8515 
-------------------~~ 

~ • ~ SAAB 
ROBERT'S 

® German, Swedish G 
Japanese Service 

All Work Fully Guaranteed _ Factory-Trained Specialists 

MOD,-Fri. 7 am-6:30 pm 

Saturdays 8 am-6 pm 

(619)275·1132 
4630 Mission Bay Drive 

(1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

.. 

MOIaIoa 
W.II_ ... ~1tcI 

g,1OdoU~ IM",",_ 
,uOllrC ... .....,.. 

' • VISA' . . , •. 1. 
--------------------10% OFFon alirepairs* 

with this coupon 
-E_pl motor and lranemifiion o~rlaaul. Nol uolid wilh any oIMr coupon. 

.. 

-



22 

• 

I I , , , I • " 

T he UCSD Guardian Monday, April 30, 1990 

~ \ Alpha Kappa Psi 
presents 

May 19, 1990 
Fiesta Island 
10K & 2.5 • 1111 
Fun Run 

Prizes 
Over 200 prizesl 

A draW'ing will b. held the day of the 
rac. to seleet prize winners. All 

registered entrants are eligible to 
win. Some restriction. apply. 

GRAND PRIZE 
A trip for two to the Bahamas: 
includin~ round-trip airfare to Nassau, 
three n.ghts lodging in a delu~e hotel 

and $500 spending money 

OTHER PRIZES 
AlWA portable ,"r_ player and 

compact disc player 

ArwAAM/FM 
per.onal .ter_ 

Marika Activewear 
Sonic Jacke .. 

Mountain bike 
Dayrunner Organize,. 
50 co ....... from the 

American Mu.1c Awards 
,AVIA n"..,in" .h_. 
Speedo sportswear 

and many morel 

Special guest appearance! 
Master of Ceremonies 

Anthony Kiedis, lead singer for the 
Red Hat Chili Peppers 

A p('n ,on 0 1 Ine proceeds ..... ,11 be donated 10 

Registration forms are 
available at U&' Yogurt 
UCSD Box Office and 
University Bookstore 

fee (all fees include t-shirt): 
$ J 4 (if received belore May 9th) 
$ J 7 (alter May 9th) 
Return forms by May J 5 
to the University Bookstore. 
Registration is available 
the day of the race. 

For more information, 
(all 534-READ. 

Monday, April 30, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

SPORTSLINE 
Co",,;kd b, 1huuI Cludb ... Sporn E4iIor GIld P,"r f{o, Assocu- Spom R4iIo, 

No, 1 Women's Water Polo Finishes First-Ever Undefeated Season 
The UCSD women's water polo team journeyed across town to the Aztec Invitational at San Diego 

Stale this weekend 10 prove 10 everyone else what it already knew - that it will be the team to beat at 
the USA Women's Collegiate Water Polo Nationals nexi weekend - and completed its regular-season 
journey undefeated. 

The top-ranked Tritons (21-0-1,24-0-2 including exhibition play) easily disposed ofUC Irvine 15-
5, UC Santa Barbara IV 15-3, SDSU 14-4, and Long Beach State in the championship 7-2. 

Toya Ellis led the team in scoring for the tourney with 12 goals and Jamie Dailey added 10. 
The squad will travel to Brown Universjty in Rhode Island tomorrow for the eight-team national 

tournament whele it will be the number one seed. 

Golf Match Extends to fifth Player Scores 88 TrItons Edged By CSUDH 
In golf's vension of match-play overtime, UCSD and Cal State Dominguez Hills were forced to 

calculate the fifth player's scores after the top four for eacb team tied a1310. 
In doing so, Dominguez Hills pullcdoutthevic;tory atTorrey Pines Soutbon Friday, asTrltonBobby 

Meyerson's 82 was bettered by a ltIOke. 
Devin Thomas tied for co-medaIist honors with the Toros' Jeff Mattarc at 75. 
Rounding out the Tritons scoring IJOUP were Mike Reinhardt with a 77, and Bob Knee and Matt 

Stonem both with 79. 
UCSDHeadCoachMikeWydrafe1tdwoveralJ"tbematdlwasveryexciting,"butcommenledthat 

the most interesting round of the day came from Campbell Waldrop, who sbot a 37 on the front nine, 
but struggled to an II over par 47 on the last nine. 

In other action last Monday, UCSD Itooc:ked offUC Riverside by six strokes 310-316. 
Mart. Andrews from UCR took medalist honors with 73, as the Tritons were led by Thomas' 74, 

followed by Knee's 77, Waldrop's 79, and Brett Atkinson's ~. 

Women's Tennis Players Make finals of PrestIgIous Ojal Valley Tourney 
While rnostofthe women's tennis team toolt the weekend off to rest upforNationals,tbree members 

of the team ventured up to Ojai Valley to cbalIenge alI-comers in the women's intercollegiate division 
of the 82nd annual tournament. 

UCSD Head Coach Liz La Plante explained that each school is only allowed two entries in the 
singles draw of 64. and just one in the doubles bracket, of the "hugest tournament this side of the 
Rockies." 

Christine Behrens, the Tritons' number one player, advanced to the fillllls of the singles draw, but 
was bested by a Loyola Marymount player 6-3, 7-6. 

Behrens also earned an appearance in the doubles final, with partner Susan Carney. but did not 
emerge a wiMer there, either, falling 6-3, 6-3, to more LMU Lions. 

First-year player Robyn Inaba was UCSO's other entry in the singles draw, playing through the fi rst 
two rounds, but faltering for a loss in the third. 

Men's Lacrosse Dropped 1.,.7 by Arizona In 2nd Round of Well Playoffs 
After blasting UC Irvine 20-4 in the rust round of me Western Collegiate Lacrosse League Playoffs, 

the UCSO men's lacrosse team (12-6) travelled to the University of Arizona for second-round action 
last weekend. 

'Ibe Tritons ended their season with their second loss to the Wildcats, this tiDle 14-7. 
A 9-7 score with just four minutes remaining reflected the closeness of the game before UCSD 

scrambled in an attempt to rally, but wound up gening burned by five easy goals in the process. 
Four UCSD players were selected to the All-League team. Senior Cbris Hodge and juniors Orion 

Alcalay, Sven Haynie, and Juan Millan were all honored. 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulations: 
• Send your ent,y 011 all 8 J 12" 

by /1" sheet of paper along with 
YOllr name,year in school. home-
town, college YOll attend at 
UCSD , major, address, a lld 
phone number to: Sports Editor, 
UCSD Guardian. 8 -016, La 
l alla. CA 92093. You may also 
drop it in the sports editor's box 
at the Guardian office. located 
upstairs in the Studelll Center, 
across from the gym. 

• All UCSD slUde/lts. staff. 
andfacllity are eligible to enter, 
except for Guardian staff mem-
bers and employees of BJ's . 

• Limit olle entry per person 
per week. Elllries mllst be a: the 

Guardian by Saturday at 5 p.m. 
, The persall who comes up with 

the most correct entries. as deter-
mined by the judges. will be de-
clared the grand prize winner and 
will be recognized when the quiz is 
printed the following week. In the 
event of a tie, a drawing will be 
held to determine the grand prize 
winner, Those correct entries not 
selected as the grand prize winller 
will be considered runners'lIp, 

• The grand prize winner will 
receive a $10 gift certi/icatefrom 
B1's. Runllers-upcall obta.in afree 
pitcherofeither Michelob Draft or 
soda when dining at BJ's Chicago 
Pizze,"" located in La lalla Vi/· 
lage Square, A list of all winners 
will be posted at B1's each week, 
and winners mllst show identifica-
tion to claim prizes, 

T his week's queslions: 
1. Who hit a home ru n in the bot· 

tom of the ninth inning for the UCSD 
baseball team on Saturday? 

2. Which school did the UCSD 
men's volleyball team defeat to win 
the PCVC title? 

3. Who was named the PCVC 
player of the year for the se ond con· 
secutive year? 

4. Who qualified for the Division 

III Nationals in the men 's800meters 
at the San Diego Collegiate Champi-
onships? 

S. What is the UCSDgolfleam's 
current national ranking? 

6. Which school did the UCSD 
men's tennis team lose to on Satur· 
day? 

7. Which UCSD team competed 
in a tournament at SDSU this week-
end? 

8. Which UCSD team won a na-
tional championship last fall? 

9. HowmanyrunsdidtheUCSD 
sortballteam score in the firth inning 
of game one VS. CSUSB last Friday? 

10. Which three UCSD women's 
tennis players competed at Ojai? 

Last week 's answers: 
1. The Mailman 
2. True 
3. Jim Lefevbre 
4. Calgary Flames 
S. L.A. Lakers 
6. San Diego 
7. Kan as 
8. Lou Brock 
9. 2 
10. UC Irvine 
Last week's winner: 
Henry J. Shin 
Sophomore, Muir 
Animal Physiology 
Saratoga. CA 
Runners-up: 0 ar Cai\edo 

Gary Salata 

INTERCOL L EGIATF SCORES 

BA8EIIAll (1 6-1$.2) 
Sou1hom Cal CotIogo x UCSO x 
Cal St ... San B.rnardlno 3 UCSO 2 
Cal St ... San Bomaodino 5 UCSO 4 

GOLF (r_,3th nMIonaIty) 
at ViCtoria Club, Ri •• I$ide ' 
UCSO 31 O. UC RIve_31S 
_11: Mat1c Andr .... , UCA, 73 
at To(Ny Pines South: 
Cal s... DomIngu.z Hilio 391 UCSO 392 
Co-Modail1: o..In Thoma. and Jon 
_ , 75 

SOI'TIIAU (21-11, ,.,1IOd Ith ne1Ionolly) 
UCSO 5 Cal Stat. San Bernardino I 
Cal St ... San Bomardlno 3 UCSO I 
Cal LutI1e"", 4 UCSO 3 (11 Inning') 
Cal Wheran 4 UCSO 1 
IIEN'S~ (r_:IId rwtJonaIy) 

Pomona·Pilzor 5 UCSO" 
TRACK AHO FIELD 

at San 0I0g0 CotIogiate Championships: 

XTRAMURAL SCORES 
_S LACII088E (1U) 

.. W .... m CoIIOgIat. Lacto ... Laoguo 
PIayoffI, Second Roo"", at UniY, of Arizona: 
Arizona 14 UCSO 7 

XTRA THIS V1EEK S EVE~JTS 
HOllE EVENTS .. .aLI) 
CYCUNO 

.. WCCC Champlcnlhlp'at cal, Saturday, 
AllDay 

SAILING 
Dinghy PCC', at Encinal Yacht Club, 
Salurday·Sunday, All Day 

SPORTS 23 

Men'.: San ~o Slat. 86, Pain! Lorna 
Nazarene 63, UCSO 47 
Woman'. : San o.ego Stal8 100, UCSO 46, 
Point Loma Nazarene 23 

liEN'S VOllEYBAll (1 ().1 I) 
at PCVC Tournament, Santa Clars 
Tournament ChampMlnshlp Game 
UCSO oj. Santa Clara 15-13, 15-2, 15-5 

WOIIEN'S WATER POLO (21~1, ,ankod ,.t 
..... onolly) 
at San 01'00 Slati Tournament: 
UCSO IS UC Irvin. 5 
UCSO IS UC Santa Balbor. JV 3 
UCSO 14 SOSU 4 
UCSO 7 Long Beach St ... 2 

ICA THIS WEEK S EVENTS 

HOllE EVENTS IN BOLD 
BASEBAll 

al BIola, Today , 2:30 p.m, 
vs. Point Lome ~. TuetIday, 2:30 
p.m . 
.. Th. Mast.f, (OH), Saturday. 2 p,m. 

WOIIEN'S CREW 
a1 Oxnard AII-Amorican Aegatta, Chan .. 1 
Islands Har1>or, Saiurday'Su_y, All Day 

SOI'T1IAll 
VI . UnIWfSlly 0 1 !1M DIego (Dtf), 
s.!ur • • Noon 

IlEH'S TEMIS 
at Point Loma Nazarene. Tuesday. 3 p.m. 

TRACK AHO FIELD 
UCSD LMI Chance OUoIIIer, getutday • 
10 .. m. 

WOIIEJI'S WATER POLO 
at USA Collegiate Nationals. ProVidince, 
AI, Friday·Sunday 

MIKE'S WHIPPED - Innertube Water Polo 
Many of you might"" wondering, "Golly, Bud Man, just how is the 

Zip's Team orthe W<ck sclected?" 
For most sports, rhe sck~rion is based on an array of cri teria too 

complkared to b'D into here; bur Let's just say the Supcr Compurer 
opC=r.lrors work overtime on..:e a week. 

Inneo;u,"" \~ater polo is a dillerene story, though , Herc, rhcre is just 
one deetdtng fucror: rhe team that looks the most dib'I1ified in those swim 
caps. And that honor goc:s to Milee's Whipped hands down. who sunk 
Spitz i" '92 17·6 last Wednesday Night in rhe Naratorium. 

W"ipped (allle our srrung wirh rhree eJrly goals from Kris "The 
Cannon· FIJnagan, who would go on ro rack up 12 poinrs before the 
final whistle. 

~h~ 10·3 halftime lead looked like ir would hold up, especially wirh 
deienscman Krisr~ Kozlow patrolling the waters. Krisra, ironically voted 
Curest tn Protecnve Ear Flaps by her high school class a few years back, 
fTusrrated the opposition by sraying in her rube the majorit), of the boame. 

Mike', W"ipped, now 2·1 in rhe A Biowfish League, was ecsratic about 
the I'icrory--cveryone excepr for Mike, rhat is. Mike couldn't go the the 
game that night because, wtll, you know. 

To a team whose credo is ~We ' re not as think as you dumb we are" 
this corned bed's tor you. ' 

UCSD ,FITNESS 
S-PECIAL 

AND ONLY $20 Pia MONTH 
on a monthly basis 

STAIRMASTER 
LIFE CYCLES 
CHILD CARE 

AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS·HOIST 
FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 3 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

BEING-FIT ® 
3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

Cloiremon! Squore Shopping Center near Lee Words· Behind Famous Foo1weor 

483-9294 
Also in SDSU area 698·1702. Presenl this ad and 1.0. 

--



24 
" 

I I I 
•• I , .. , . , , 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, Apri130, 1990 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER 
We've Got A Great AHitudel 

SA L E' INSTANT OFFICE SYSTEM PUTS • YOU IN BUSINESS FAST! 
-

... 

Complete, Ready-to-Run 
PC-Compatible System 

StJIIER Sll\TEI1! 
Save $819 75 $1 599 ~S:;~~:::':18.75 

• TIIIdy Serva PIIn A.1iIIbIt 

• 640K, 286-Based Tandy 1000 TU2 
• 20MB Smart Drive™ Hard Disk System 
• CM-5 Color Monitor' DeskMate®Software 
• DeskMate QIA WriteWord Processing 
• lotus SprelClsheet for DeskMate 
• T~Button MouS&-Just Point & Click 

Radio Shack 457-4095 
p •••••••••••••••••• ~ 

: EAT CHEAP! ~ \ 
~ 
• • • 
• 
• • • • • 
• 
• 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

UCSD Lunch Specials 
All Nile Long 
Bj's famous lunch specials now available all 
night to UCSD students, faculty and staff with J.D. 

I 
FRI. - Homemade Lasagna with meat sauce I 
.r:>m.m only for IbIS $pBC1aI ojfor. A" specials mciudtt SIIlMI, s-.. fIJI 10 ~ • : 

• 
• 8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. LAJolla Village Center 455·0662 • I.. UCSD's original Pizzeria is sitU tbe best! 1ixp. 5I1419O ! 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Th Ultlm utI 
get pam perea at a price you woufa spena for an 

orainary fiair cut. 'E'tPeri.ence quality fiair grapfiics 
at 'Young )tttituies. 

Men's Cuts ............................. $4 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $21 
Women's Cuts ....................... $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $26 

WlIh seIec1ed stylists. 

'PRICES INCLUDE graphic cut. shampoo. condtticntng and professional styling 

.. lAiR. 
G~?FliCS 

457·3334 

SEE US FOR THE BEST SELECTION OF 
GRADUATION ANNOUNCEMENTS 

AND ACCESSORIES 

lonko'S~ 
the copy center 

457-3775 
La Jolla Village Cen ter 

TtlSte The Rtal DifjenllCt™ 
Ralph's Convenience Center at 

La Jolla VIllage DrIve 
JUST 3 MINUTES FROM CAMPUSI 

.. _____ .. iiii_~ ___ _ 

I son IACO SUPREME ~ or fl COMBINAIION BURRnO with your choice of Mexi-Fries, 
rice or crustos, and a 

J6-oz. soft drink for ~2 .80. 

&. JO". V, ••••• .. U .... 
~ ~\ D.nta' Group 0"_,. You, 
~ t) . COSMETIC BONDING • VisA OR MASTERCARD 
~~&. EVENING APPTS. • INSTANT INSURANCE 

,./ • STEREO HEADPHONES EVALUATION 
• NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
• 24-HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 

• • ORAL SURGERY FOR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRACTION 

---------------------------''''''0DUCr0IIY' 0"'. 
~~=:~~!.~12 "U' 

Offered to: Students, Faculty and Staff of UCSD 

--------------------------DAVID I. IIMOM D.D.S. 
Member: ADA, CDA, SOCDS, Delta Dental 

8861 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite SOl 
(behind Radio Shack) 455-9151 

Major. 
ViM' The .. Fine 
RETAILERS ProIeaionol 

Aaron Brothers Art Mart 455-5908 
Ralphs 455-0840 
Sav-On 457-4390 

Apparel & Acc •• sorie. 
Clo\hestime 453-7650 
Pacific Eyes & rs 535'()365 

Financial 
Beverty Hills Savings 
Home Federal 
Security Pacific 

452·5660 
455-0440 
455-0318 

Food. & I •• tauran" 
Aesop's Tables 455-1535 
B.J.'s Chicago Pizzeria 455.0662 
SamSon's Restaurant 455-1461 

'------------ Dr. Colin Bernstein, 0 .0. 457·1200 
Taco Time 453-8818 
TGIFriday's 455-0880 

Gilt & Specialty 
Card Party 452·1605 
Crown Books 450-0577 
La Jolla Flower Basket 455·5545 
Radio Shack 457-4095 H_"" & leaufy 
Great Earth Vitarnns 452·9n5 
Young Attitudes Hair Graphics 457-3334 
Home furnishl"". a Acceoorie. 
HomePlace 450-1811 
Stroud's Unan Warehouse 457'()525 

La Jolla ViHage Dental Group 
Dr. David Eshom 455-9151 
Dr. Carolyn WMe 558-8590 

5enric .. 
Century 21 Village Realty 
Cornerstone Management 
Dean's SO·Minute Foto 
Kinko's Copies 
7 Days Rent A Car 
SuMY Fresh Cleaners 
Travel Travel 
Video Gallery 

Tfteofer. 
Pacific Theatres 

455-6no 
453-7711 
453-3443 
457·3n5 
455-1664 
455-0071 
450-1113 
450-1554 

453-7622 

At the northeast comer of 
Villa La Jolla and 
Nobel Drives 

Open from lOam 
Monday through Saturday 
from noon on Sunday 

l l Jelll V"" 0., .. 


