
INSIDE ... 
UC News .............................. 2 
Opinion ................................. 4 
Photo .... ............... ............... 10 
Classifieds .......................... 16 
Sports ................................. 20 

University of California, 
San Diego 

Police Begin 
Search for 
Assailant 
By Jason Snell 
News Editor 

San Diego Police are now 
searching for a black man as a sus-
peet in the Friday night murder of 
UCSD professor Charles William 
Thomas IT, 64. 

According to police Thomas 
drove his red Nissan Sentra onto the 
sidewalk in front of the Bank of 
America automated teller machine 
on the comer of 42nd Street and El 
Cajon Blvd' at 11 p.m. Friday. He 
had already been stabbed several 
times. 

"He was obviously trying to at-
tract attention," said Lt. Dan Ber-
glund, an officer in the San Diego 
Police's homicide division. 

According to police, a white male ' 
was using the A TM at the time, but 
did not respond to Thomas and in-
stead departed ina 1978-1980Buick 
Regal. While police emphasize that 
the man is not a suspect, they are 

See POLICE, page 8 

PHOTO ESSAY 
A Walk on 
The Wild Side 
Photos by Rimas Uzgiris/10 

The UCSD 

Photoe by JennIfer KelRy/GuSldian 
Two students share their sorrow over Charles Thomas' death 
(above), members of the group that marched from Third College 
to the Price Center (be/ow) to remember the fallen professor. 

SPORTS 
The Long 
Road Back 
UCSD Men's Water Polo/18 

WEDNESDAY 
October 3, 1990 
Vol. 71 , No. 4 

Mourners March in 
Thomas' Memory 
• Professor remembered by students 
as 'a mentor and a father figure' 
By Melinda Hamilton 
Associate News Editor 

Singing the anthem "Lift Ev ' ry 
Voice and Sing," approximately 75 
students, faculty, and adminitrators 
dressed in black marched from the 
Third College Humanities Building 
to the Price Center in memory of 
slain professor Charles William 
Thomas IT. 

After the march reached the Price 
Center steps, students continued to 
sing, hugging and crying. Phillip 
Harris, president of the African-
American Student Union (AASU), 
spoke briefly and then introduced 
Robert Barnes, one of Thomas ' 
former students. 

An open microphone session 
followedBames and other scheduled 
speakers, lasting until 1 p.m. During 
the session, students who had known 
Thomas remembered him fondly. 

At the end of the session, the 
participants again sang "Lift Ev'ry 
Voice and Sing." 

"Dr. Thomas said . .. we should 
always start and end with [the an-
them]," Muir College sophomore 
Tiffany Hanna said. 

Memorial services for Thomas 
will be held tomorrow night at 7 
p.m. at San Diego State University 
at the back door to the Aztec Center. 
Another service will be held Friday 
night at 4 p.m. in the Price Center 
Theater. Flags on the UCSD cam-
pus will fly at half-mast through the 
week. 

Revelle College senior Mary 
Fisher said that she did not think that 
the campu fully understands the 
impact of Thomas ' death. Fisher 
said he is concerned that the cam-
pu as a whole i not putting forth 
enough effort. 

"It ' not a los toonlyUCSD,but 
to the city of San Diego as well," she 

said. "He was more than a profes-
sor. He was a mentor and a father 
figure." 

Fisher added that Thomas was 
one of the few who were always 
there when students needed him. 

When Third College senior Mike 
Richardson heard about Thomas ' 
death Saturday, he said he decided 
he could not be passive about it. He 
took his green, red, and black Afri-
can-American Federation flag to a 
dance sponsored by the AASU 
Saturday night and had everyone 
there sign it. The flag, which was 
carried at the march, will be pre-
sentedtoThomas' family at a private 
memorial ervice. 

"He was an inspiration," Muir 
College senior Karyn Gordon said. 
"He made you think about what was 
going on, not stand and let things 
happen." 

Gordon also commented that she 
took one of Thomas' classes when 
she was a freshman, and probably 
would not have continued her 
schooling if it had not been for him. 

"Listening to what was said 
[yesterday] ... youcanseehowmany 
people said they made it because of 
him," Urban Studies and Planning 
coordinator Amy Bridges said. 

Erikk Aldridge, a Third College 
senior, said that Thomas was a 
Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity brother 
as well as an advisor. 

"He spoke about the advance-
ment ... and achievement of black ," 
he said. "[Thomas] was a very dy-
namic peaker." 

The AASU Executive Board 
organized the march Monday night 
after inquires from several tudent 
wanting to know if something was 
going to be done. 

"It 's a shame that a lot of stu-
See THOMAS, page 8 

Athletic Depa~ment EliminatesAdmission Charge For Students 
By Peter Ko 
Senior Staff Writer 

The Office of Undergraduate 
Affairs approved a proposal on 
Friday that will allow UCSD stu-
dents carrying student identification 
free admittance into the Triton Gym 
for all UCSD athletic event . 

Thepropo alwillal ore tructure 
the rate charged to the general 
public, UCSD fa ulty with identi-
fication , and students without ID, 
according to UCSD Sports Infor-
mation Director Bill Gannon. 

Under the new y tern, general 
admis ion will now be $4, as op-
posed to the $2.50 charged up until 
now. U D fa ulty with ID and 

students without ID will be charged 
$2 and children under the age of 12 
will still be charged $1, Gannon 
said. 

PreviOUSly, students withID had 
been charged $ I for admission, while 
faculty and students without ID fell 
under the general admi sion cat-
egory. 

The rate change will only affect 
the gym ports, men ' and women' 
volleyball, and men ' and women ' 
basketball.Admi ioni not charged 
for field event . 

According to Gannon, 
postseason event held on campu 
will till charge admi ion, as all 
post eason activity and profit are 

under NCAA supervision. 
The proposal had originated al-

most three years ago as the result of 
student interest and had been con-
templated several times previously, 
but it had always been tabled, 
Gannon said. 

"It was an agenda item on many 
occasions, but it had alway been 
tied into potential referenda items," 
he aid. 

Gannon cited the failed football 
team referendum and the failed 
1988-89 recreation facility referen-
dum (held prior to I t year' u -
ce ful RIMAC refererxh:m) as e -
ample . 

"Given [that the referenda were] 

not an issue anymore, we were able 
to address it," he said. 

The proposal was drafted by the 
admini trative staff of the athletic 
department, according to Gannon. 

The issue of lost revenue was 
con idered before making the pro-
posal, Gannon aid. He e timated 
that the gate receipt from tudent 
attendance last eason amounted to 
almo t $3000. 

" We' ll probably 10 e orne 
money off thi , but it will be mini-
mal," he aid. 

Gannon indicated that the move 
to eliminate admi sion charge was 
not made without orne thought. 

"We did exten ive re earch ... 

on the Southern California Intercol-
legiate Athletic Conference and in-
dependent small college programs, 
and we feel the new structure is 
consistent with Southern California 
athletic ," he aid. 

The new rates were first made 
public at theBGlF women' volley-
ball game last weekend, Gannon 
aid. 

cording to Gannon, the new 
rate will go into effect immediately, 
tarting with tonight ' women' 

volleyball game again t Biola. 
"We felt tudent f;m support has 

been really good the last couple of 
year. We 're ju t glad to give 
omething back," he aid. 



.1 

2 NEWS 

FROM OTHER CAMPUSES 
Activists Protest UC Berkeley's 
Involvement in Animal Research 

BERKELEY - Animal rights activists staged an im-
prisonment and rally at UC Berkeley's Sproul Plaza last 
month in protest of UCB's involvement in animal re-
search. 

Four prote tors locked lhemsel yes in simulated labora-
tory cages in front of Sather Gate the night of September 
5, and were freed at noon to join the rally. The activists, 
members of the Berkeley Students for Animal Liberation, 
stationed themselves on the steps o'f Sproul Hall and 
unfurled banners identifying UC Berkeley faculty who are 
involved in animal research. 

The signs also detailed what group members claim are 
the specifics of the professor's studies. 

Members ofthe student group said the main purpose of 
the rally and vigil was to educate students about animal 
research on the campus as well as to dissuade those 
profe ors who practice it . They also urged students to 
boycott c1asse taught by professors who practice animal 
research. 

One protestor, Lilian Carswell, who bad encased her-
self in a restraining device similar to those allegedly used 
in primate tudies, said "they weren't comfortable, they 
weren' t fun." 

"But we had friends and support. The animals have no 
support," she continued. 

According to the protestors, eighty thousand animals 
are used and destroyed each year by UC Berkeley re-
searchers. J.B. NeiJands, a biochemistry professor who 
spoke at the rally, said "we can collect much of the same 
data without using the animals." 

Neilands pressed for an alternative center for non-
animal research, calling such a center "long overdue," at 
the university. The University of California system now 
has one ",ch center at its Davis campus. 

Professors involved in animal research claim that the 
activists are distorting the truth and taking much the 
researchers do out of context. "[1be group's] whole 0b-
jective is to discredit animal research, and they will use any 
means they can to do it.. .. l'm convinced they are anti-
human and anti-science," said Charles Nicoll, professor of 
integrative biology and chair of the Coalition for Animals 
and Animal Research, a Berkeley-based group formed in 
opposition to animal rights activism 

Office of Civil Rights Finds Asian-
American Discrimination at UCLA 

LOS ANGELES - After a three-year investigation into 
UCLA's graduate and undergraduate departments, the 
Office of Civil Rights (OCR) has allegedly discovered 
discrimination against Asian-Americans in admissions 

STANTIS 

The UCSD Guardian 

procedures in nine graduate depanments. 
The mo t serious finding is discrimination against Asian-

Americans by the UCLA Graduate Math Department, ac-
cording to a source close to the investigation. Math Depart-
ment Vice OIainnan Jolm Garnett refused to comment 

The other eight graduate programs [computer science, 
philosophy, several engineering programs, and the Anderson 
Graduate School of Managernent] will be criticized for keep-
ing inadequate records which did not provide enough infor-
mation for investigatiors to reach a conclusion, said UC 
Berkeley professor Ling-Chi Wang. 

"Really there is no standardized admissions procedures 
and criteria that I can see ... obviously, some try to follow the 
general guidelines of the university while others do not. That's 
probably why ninedepanmcnts are being cited," Wang said. 

Wang's criticism of Berkeley's admissions procedures 
lead to a faculty and federal government investigation of the 
university and a public apology from then-Berkeley Oumcel-
lor Ira Heyman. According to Wang, sources close to the OCR 
investigation have discussed the findings with him. 

According to Don Nakanishi, head of UCLA's Asian 
American Studies Center, if the matter is not settled to all 
party's satisfaction, the U.S. State Department will probably 
sue UCLA to force the campus to comply with OCR's 
recommendations. 

The penalties against the departments, if cited, have not yet 
been made public, Nakanishi said 

UCLA representative Harlan Lego refused to say if the 
univerSity officials knew the results of the investigation, and 
representative Darlene Skeels said that the administration, 
including the chancellor, did not know the results yet. Both 
denied Nakanishi and Wang's claims that the results would be 
released on Oct. I, saying they knew of no scheduled release 
date. 

UCLA Claims Civil Rights Probe May 
Threaten Afflnnatlve Action's Future 

Wednesday, OctOber 3, 1990 

saying it has veered away from Asian American discrimi-
nation to "the intention of dismantling affirmative ac-
tion." 

The investigation by OCR into the treatment of under-
graduate discrimination evolved into a Bakke review, a 
broad examination of how UCLA achieves diversity 
through admissions and whether UCLA uses quotas in 
affirmative action, which is prohibited by law. 

University officials hope that by cooperating with 
investigations and working closely with OCR, the matter 
can be settled out of coun, Rice said But if the university 
is pushed into a legal battle, affirmative action might 
disappear. 

UCSB Greeks Say A.S.-Funded 
DIsorientation Manual Is Biased 

SANTA BARBARA - Members of the UCSB greek 
commWlity recently attacked an aJ1:icle in the Associated 
Student-funded "Disorientation Manual," charging that 
the article contained biased comments toward the greek 
system. 

A.S. Representative-at-Large Charlene Orena, a con-
tributor to the manual, denied reports that the article was 
biased. "I will stand by what we printed ... the manual was 
a great educational tool and 1 am proud of it," she said. 

Apparently, the article says that the greek system 
"perpetuates many ills found in our society," including 
"elitism, racism, and sexism." 

Although the A.S. supplied the manual's staff with 
approximately $800 to produce the 32-page booklet, 
members of the Legislative Council maintained that the 
opinions expressed in it do not necessarily reflect the AS. 
viewpoints. 

While Oretta feels that the AS. does not have to censor 
the manual even though they fund it, a greek memher of 
the Legislative Council said that a disclaimer stating the 
A.S. is not responsible for the content of the manual is 

LOSANGEl..ES-While the OfficeofCivil Rights (OCR) needed.. 
has been praised for its efforts in exposing discrimination in "We have to be careful of misrepresentation. They 
nine graduate deparunents at UCLA, they are being criticized have the right to come in here and tell us," Off-Campus 
for a probe into the undergraduate departments that allegedly Representative Julia Bidwell said. . 
bows to the conservative political powers in Washington, Aftersornediscussion,theLegislativeCouncilagreed 
D.C. to submit a letter to the UCSB DailyNexus opinions page 

University officials were alannod wben a team ofanomeys stating that the views espoused by the "Disorientation 
an4 the U.S. Department of Education asked the staff at Manual" are not necessarily supported by the AS. 
Harvard University, which is also under investigation by the . 
OCR, to show why diversity is desireable in highereducation. 

According to Connie Rice, fonner attorney for UCLA. "if 
indeed [OCR] has asked Harvard to justify the educational 
validity of diversity programs when the Supreme Court says 
that diversity is acompelling interest that is valid for education 
to pursue, you have to ask what OCR is doing." 

The future ofAffinnative Action is at stake, said Rice at last 
month's Undergraduate Student Affirmative Action Confer-
ence. 

According to campus officials, Rice left her position with 
UCLA last Friday and joined the National Association for the 
Advancement of Colored People who, along with the Mexi-
can ArnericanLegai Defence Fund. is siding with the university 
in defending Affirmative Action. 

Don Nakanishi, head ofUCLA' s Asian American Studies 
Center, is disappointed in the outcome of the OCR study, 

Calvin & Hobbes are on vacation. 

Pta. GRUEN, EdIfor In Chief 
ROBIN MAClEAN, MMItIgIn(J Editor 
BEN BO'!CHUK, OpInIon Editor 
LES &RUVOLO, ~SpotU Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, SparS Editor 
JAMES COWER, DeeIgn Editor 
REBEKAH DENN, ~ '*-EdItor 
GREG DIXON, ~ OpInIon Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy EdItor 
MEUNDA HAMILTON, ~ News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, AseocI8 .. News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, 4uoc1ate Am Editor 
CHRIS11NA HUIZAR, 4S1tOC1Me AI1S Edhor 
PETER KO, 4 • .,a.. SpotU Edttor 
JENNFER KOlSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, ~ Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, ~tEdltor 
MEL MARCELO, ~ GRphIctl Editor 
SANGEETA IoEHTA, AacIrcMfe t=e.fJxN Edttor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AaocMte Photo Editor 
JUlIE PUZON, ~ Editor 
JEFF OUAN, GT.ph1ctl EdItor 
JASON SNELL, News Editor 
AlMAS UZGIRIS, Photo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, AssocIate Fee,... EdIIor 
JE,"FER Y AHCEY, Ms£nflH1II{nment EdItor 

IIWIJCSI)-'"poMoIwdlilllllla,l. -.... ... ~ ....... _l"IWlI¥ftI tor .. _GlUCSI • ....--.GI .. _~"'IIonn,_~_ .. ~ ..... _ 
...,-1I",,--,CI1I1O,II,.,.._ rJIoUCSO_Io""_,,, .. 
..... "'_ ....... '" Tho __ ~"",,*,,""''''''''_''_ 
-"'''''.-tr_ ...... ''' rJIoUCSD~ .. ~GI~or .. __ ibio.ftI __ .. ytNI_ 

&IIariaI: 53W5IO, ....... OllIe. s:M-:w66, Fa.: s:M-7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Wednesday, October 3,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Price Center Fountain Repaired 
By Mary Betty Heard 
Associa te News Editor 

For the second time since its 
opening, Blake Construction has 
been called in to make repairs on the 
Price Center fountain at the 
company's own expense. 

"It 's not costing us anything [be-
cause it is] contractor call-back work. 
They will fix it until it's right," 
University Center Director James 
Canuthers said. 

According to University Center 
Board Chair Nick Long, the foun-
tain has undergone two other major 
repairs, once to apply a layer of 
fibe rglass tothe fountain , which the 
contractor paid for, and the other to 
change the dams on the sheer fall at 
the bottom of the fountain . 

"We might have paid [to have 
the dams replaced]. If the material 
were faulty, then we can have [the 
contractor] come back for free. But 
as 1 recall, we paid for that one," 
Long said. 

According to Carruthers, the 
surface of the pools in the fountain 
were originally painted concrete. 
But the concrete was unstable and 
leaked, so the contractor covered 
the pools with a fiberglass coating. 

That first coating didn't bond 
with the walls of the pools correctly, 
Canuthers said. Long added that the 
surface was supposed to fade uni-
formly over time, but didn't. It also 
got chipped and took some damage 
at the Sun God Festival last spring, 
due to people walking through it. 

Long said that he suspects the 
coating dido 't get enough time to set 
correctly before the water was turned 
back on. 

According to Carruthers, the 
second coat, which has just been 

Work continues on the problem-plagued Price Center fountain. 
applied, is bonding correctly to the 
fountain. He also said that there 
have been other minor problems 
with the fountain, such as the light-
ing in the pools and the tile on the 
front of the fountain which will 
eventually need replacing. 

"It's more than just the waterfall . 
Water features are always problem-
atic," Canuthers said. 

How much is the contractor pay-
ing for these repairs? 

h[ don't care, Ijust want it right," 
Carruthers said. 'The fountain did 
not meet specifications that were 

written." 
'The fountain is a waste of water 

and money, and it is ugly," said 
Wa~n College junior Jackson 
Maddux. "'They should have had 
tile in it long ago rather than the 
concrete and painting. It spills all 
over the Price Center and it doesn't 
even use recycled water." 

"[This is] not surprising. [It's] 
UCS D," Muir College junior 
Makeba Jones ~id. 

Carruthers said that the fountain, 
with its new deeper blue color, will 
be running by tomorrow. 

Emergency Drill Set For Tomorrow 
• At 7:15, it's up and at 'em for all on-campus residents 
By Megan O'Keefe 
Staff Writer 

At7:15am.tomorrow,allUCSD 
students who live on-campus will 
be aroused from their slumber by a 
simul.ated emergency evacuation. 

The drill, planned by the UCSD 
Housing, Dining Services and Resi-
dential Life Offices, will be the first 
all-campus Emergency Prepared-
ness Drill. 

"The purpose of the drill is to 
prepare residents for any emer-
gency," said Blue Robbins of the 
Muir College Residential Life Of-
fice. Robbins has participated in the 
Muir-only Earthquake Drills which 
have beenheldanoually for the past 
four years, and is using that experi-
ence to help coordinate this first-
time campus-wid : event. 

The drill will require all resident 
students to evacuate their dorms or 
apartments and to report to an "as-
sembly" area where each student 
must nOlify verbally and in writing 
that he or she has been accounted 
for. 

Students will be told ahead of 
time what to do by thei r Resident 
Advisers (RAs). RAs will also be 
ac tive in monitoring buildings. 

Along with the assembly areas in 
theparkinglot ,grassyareas willbe 
reserved for triage tat ions. The 
triage tations will provide disaster 
kits and medical treatment. 

"Students will be active imu-
lating victims ... theatrical residents 
will show up at triage," Robbins 
said. 

Robbin al 0 claimed that drill 
planners will et up control areas as 

See DRILL, page 11 

THE UCSD EVACUATION PLAN 

o The sites marked with the person symbol are 
evacuation areas for most non-injured persons. The areas 
would provide safety outside of buildings and allow for 
check-in for accountability. These areas will be used in 
tomorrow's emergency drill. 

Source: UCSO Housing. Dining Services. and Residential Life 

Mel Marcelo & JeN QuanlGuardian 

Queen 4-Way 
Lounger & $14900 
6" Futon- (with ad) 
Come. see our variety of frames at the best prices at our showroom 

In Ocean Beach. CoHee and End Tables also available . 
Visa and Mas1tl'CIrd accepted. 

Tropical Nites fufon8 223-3129 
OPEN Monday·Saturday lpm-6pm 4879 Vohalre St. In Ocllll Beach 

NEWS 3 

L a J 0 I I a , s 
BEST KEPT SECRET! 

Come by for breakfast, lunch, or dinner! 

• Overlooking Torrey Pines Golf Course 
and the Pacific Ocean 

• Beautiful outdoor dining 
• A wide variety of nutritious yet tasty cuisine 
• AII-you-can-eat salad bar 

HOURS OF OPERATION 
Mon.· Thurs. 7 am-a pm 

Friday closed al 3 
Fridays Ihru Sundays our reslau ranl 

is open 10 caler your parties. 

• Deli sandwiches, fresh fish 
and chicken entrees, and more ... 

r-----------------Enjoy your 20% student discount 
with a UCSO 1.0. 

Choices in the • - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Shiley Sports and H9lIith Center of 554 FOOD 
Scripps Clinic ·10820 North Torrey Pines Road Call • 

UCSD FITNESS 
SPECIAL 

ONLY $20 P •• MONt'H 
on a monthly basis 

AEROBICS STAIRMASTER 
NAUTllUS·HOIST LIFE CYCLES 
FREt WEIGHTS CHILD CARE 
UNCROWDED 3 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

••• NG·'." ® 
3968 Clairemonl Mesa Blvd. 

Clairemonl Square Shopping Center near lAle Worth-Behind Farnoos FoaIweor 

483·9294 
Also in SOSU area 698·1702. Pr...,,1 this cd and 1.0. 

$25.00 Initiation Fee 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUE • Editor in Chief 
ROB! MAC LEA • Managing Editor 
JASO SNELL News Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Editor 

Tit" UCSD Guardian IS pUblished lhrtt bmtl I .... eek al the Um"c.rslt) of California, San Diego. 
Con lenlS CI~l Vit\loscxpressed he~m repre~nllhe maJOflI), VOle oflhe wltontl board. and art: nof. 
nttessaril) lhose of the UC Board of Regents. the ASUCSD, nor the enure Guardl4l1 staff 

PERSIAN GULF CRISIS 

Tough Stand in the Sand 
We're almost two months into the PersianGulfcrisi ,and much 

has been said and wrinen. TIle crisis will constantly remain an issue 
unable to be ignored until the last American soldier leaves Saudi 
Arabian soil. But, that event i not likely to happen soon, nor should 
we have any illusions that it will. At this stage in the conflict, we 
should probably not have any illusions that this conflict will end 
peacefully. 

It is unfortunate that American troop may have to die in the 
desertS of Saudi Arabia. Iraq. and Kuwait for what essentially 
amounts to the free flow of several million barrel of oil a day. It is 
unfonunate that the U . .. and most of the world. relies almost 
entirely on petroleum for its primary source of fuel. evenheles , 
these are the circumstances under which the tage is being set for 
what could amount to the greatest geopolitical conflict since Viet-
nam. 

Military action in the Persian Gulf is inevitable. President Bush 
has stated that the only way the conflict can be settled is for all Iraqi 
troops to be withdrawn from Kuwait, and for Kuwait's former 
government to be restored. Saddam Hussein refuses to comply. 
stating thatlraq never invaded Kuwait in the first place, and that 
"merger" of lraq and Kuwait was done with the consent of the 
people. 

Husseinwon'tnegotiate,Bushwon'tnegotiate, talemateresults. 
TIlere are only two ways to end this sort of stalemate: one side 
concedes. or OOlh sides ShOOL 

TIle U.N.-backed economic sanctions, though noble, will only be 
slightly effective in the long run. Ultimately, however, they will fail 
because sympathetic nations, such as Jordan, will continue to 
provide Iraq with humanitarian aid - food and medical supplies. A 
nation can get by without lea, cotton, and other incidentals. Only 
when people are starving in the streets do governments realize that 
further resistance is futile. 

TIle complicating factor here are Hussein's foreign "guests." 
Despitetherecentmassiveexodusofthousandsofforeignnationals, 
many are still trapped in Iraq. The hostage question will be one of the 
major deciding factors in whether or not President Bush decides to 
exercise force. 

On one hand, Bush policy has always been that the protection of 
American lives is of the utmost importance. He demonstrated this in 
the invasion of Panama last December. Hussein has stated that 
foreigners will be the first to feel the effects of food rationing. He has 
also placed his "guests" in several key militar'J and civilian instal-
lations - the logical targets of an American air strike. 

By placing foreign ho rages in dangerous location , and putting 
them in the position of gradual starvation, Hussein is putting 
American lives in jeopardy. Bush could use the starvation factor as 
sufficient justi fication to take action, and could stand behind the 
precedent of using force to protect American lives. Unfortunately, 
Bush runs the risk of losing severdl hostages in the procelos of 
rescuing them. This is a problem Mr. Bush must wrestle with, and 
only he can make the decision. 

Finally, one must con ider the economic and political implica-
tions of a war in the gulf. Oil prices are currently hovering at $40 a 
barrel. The price foragallon of regular unleaded gasoline could soon 
reach $1.50 a gallon, or more. A protracted conflict in the gulf could 
send gasoline prices soaring 10$2.00. Ultimately ,though, a uccessful 
outcome would eventually stabIlize the marlceL 

Politically, Bush has to consider the effect television visuals of 
American soldiers returning horne 1I1 lxxIy bags will have on his 
popularity. People w,ually support a president and a conflict until 
they realize that victory comes ala price. What makes maners worse 
is the perception that American IrOOps are in Saudi Arabia not to 
make tlle world ~afe for democracy, but to make the world safe for 
cheap oil. Again, only Mr. Bush can decide whether he wants to run 
the ri:.k of losing the I 992 election in order to protecl vital American 
interests, or hope things will work out fme. 

Finally, Bush must consider the threat of Saddam Hussein 
himself. No rnaner what, Hussein cannot be allowed to remain in 
power in the Middle East He is powerful, ruthless, and a liar. 
Hussein's very exi tence wiU be the ultimate deciding factor in the 
use of force. Oil or no oil. ho tages or no hostages, Hussein must not 
be allowed to continue as an influential presence in Iraq or the Arab 
world. 

The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, October 3 , 1990 

COMMENTARY 

How I Got It Wrong 
• Despite Our Best and Most Diligent Efforts 
Even Journalists Can Make Mistakes 
By Jeff Greenfield, Universal Press Syndicate 

NEW YORK - When a journalist makes a 
mistake, there' s only one decent, professional 
thing to do: admit it, apologize for it and move 
on, while vowing not to do it again. 

But,once in a while, an error reveals some-
thing more than laziness or bad judgment. And 
that's when it's worth sharing with your readers. 

Not long ago, I wrote about the apparent 
decision of the California Legislature to change 
the date of that state's presidential primary from 
June to March. In recent years, the most popu-
lous state in the nation has been just about 
irrelevant to the nominating process, since its 
primary occurs after almost all the other del-
egates have been selected. 

That change would have radically altered the 
shape of the primary campaigns by taking much 
of the juice out of the Iowa caucuses and New 
Hampshire primary, which now draw thousands 
of journalists to those sparsely populated states. 

Much more ignificant, an early California 
primary would have changed the travel schedules 
of people like me. 

Instead of standing in snow drifts in Cedar 
Rapids, or driving through hail stonns in Con-
cord , we would have been putting our fingenips 
on the pulse of the grass roots in Santa Barbara, 
Laguna Beach, San Francisco and Mendocino. 

Perhaps the mean temperature of southern 
California vs. Iowa and New Hampshire in 
January and February might suggest why 
political journalists greeted the news of tbis 
impending change with something less than 
detached objectivity. Instead, their reaction 
approached that of desert wanderers being told 
that an oasis lay just beyond the next sand dune. 

And therein lies the key to my mistake. I 
pennitted the wish to be father to the thOUght -
and produced and illegitimate journalistic child. 

Both houses of the California Legislature had 
indeed passed the law changing the primary. And 
a Senate-Assembly conference committee had 
indeed approved the change. But then something 
happened - something that could have hap-
pened only in that state. 

For most of th is century, California has been 
an enthusiastic employer of the initiati ve - a 

device of the Progressive Era under which 
citizens can, by petition, put changt's in the law 
or the state constitution directly on the ballot. 

Over the years , everything from restrictions 
on cable TV to insurance rollbacks to tax limits 

"Am I sorry? You bet. I'm sorry for 
misleading my readers, and I'm 
even more sorry that 16 months 
from now, I will be risking frostbite 
rather than sunburn; instead of 
watching the sunset over the Pa-
cific, I will be watching the de-ieer 
freeze up on the tarmac of the Des 
Moines International Airport." 

- the famous Proposition 13 - have been put 
to the voters through the initiative process. 

Now, as the primary change was moving 
toward final passage, some legislators worried 
about the impact of that change on the initiative 
process. 

For instance, suppose an initiative was on a 
Match bd ot, when Democrats had a pitched 
battle going on among Democrats, while the 
Republicans were picking George Bush in a pro 
fonna primary. 

That would mean that Democrats would be 
far more likely to tum out than RepUblicans -
and would be the key to the success or failure of 
initiatives on, say, lax policy or new crime laws. 

That concern, coupled with other, more 
parochial concerns, helped torpedo the change. 
Barring some now unlikely twist, California ' s 
primary in 1992 will remain in June. 

Am I sorry? You bet. I'm sorry for mislead-
ing my readers, and I'm even more sorry that 16 
months from now, I will be risking frostbite 
rather than sunburn; instead of watching the 
sunset over the Pacific, 1 will be watching the 
de-.icer freeze up on the tarmac of the Des 
Moines International Airport. 

Frankly, I think that 's more than enough 
punishment for one venal journalistic infraction. 

Wednesday, October 3,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Students Pay Price for Lit. Department's Problems 
Editor: 

When fifty people try to 
squeeze into a cubicle that could 
hold maybe twenty comfortably, 
it is obvious there is something 
seriously wrong. 

However, this is the incredible 
situation that any student attempt-
ing to take a Literature Writing 
course has had to endure for the 
first week of school at UCSD. 

This is not entirely to be blamed 
on the Literature Department, as 
it is not their fault such a large 
amount of visi ting professors 
changed their minds about teach-
ing this quarter. 

Also, "there are only twelve 
Literature Writing classes being 
offered this quarter instead of the 
normal seventeen offered in win-
ter and spring." This is the com-
mon response from anyone work-
ing in the new Literature Office at 
Warren. 

A logical response to this frus-
trating dilemma? Maybe. 

An acceptable response? No 
way. 

REGENTS' BEACH 

~_ ""-In0U!i:f ~ 

g ""'~ ~.,., <F"M1 ~ 
~ ... -- -. 

More and more students in the 
past couple of months have been 
declaring themselves Literature 
Writing majors. More and more 
students have become interested 
in taking writing classes. This cre-
ates a new demand on the Litera-
ture Department, but perhaps it is 
time this demand is fulfilled. 

Many students had pre-enrolled 
in writing classes that at the last 
minute were cancelled. For this 
reason, sections that were already 
filled have been bombarded with 
students trying to add. 

Professors have had no other 
choice than to tum a high number 
of students away who need the 
courses. This causes great stress 
on professors who do not need to 
carry the burden of so many angry 
students on their shoulders. 

Some other professors do not 
feel as guilty, however, as they 
provide extra room only for those 
students who are senior Literature 
Writing majors and are subse-
quently graduating. 

This is unfair not only to those 

1"tt;; HEw Me-<.JlO __ _ 
~ ~~I6He 
!OoIe t:t¥O-I "tie ........ CO' 

"l«: I~ "-'<I1!K._ 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dennatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation. 
Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
If interested, call 534-4955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534-6847. 

-

students who are turned away on 
the biased ground that they are 
only sophomores or juniors, but it 
makes those who are enrolled in 
the class feel like they have to do 
extra well, being the lucky ones to 
partake in such a coveted course. 

Writing from the standpoint of 
not only myself, but several other 
students who feel the exact same 
way, some definite action needs to 
be taken to relieve this problem. 
The obvious and perhaps only suf-
ficient solution is to hire more 
professors to teach some extra 
sections. 

Anybody who has participated 
in a workshop can understand the 
professor's hesitations in allow-
ing too many people into a course. 
For a class that relies mainly on 
the reactions of a small group of 
students critiquing another's work, 
a large group would hinder the 
amount of individual attention 
spent on each student's work. 

What is totally unacceptable, 
however, is the lack of classes to 
provide this attention foreveryone. 

Students should not be turned 
away from a class because of their 
rank or major. Anyone who wants 
to write should be able to do so, 
without the pressure of feeling 
pressed to be the next Hemingway. 

I am certain this pressure is not 
behind the intentions of profes-
sors teaching the writing courses, 
but because of the system of en-
rollment, these feelings have been 
stirred in many people. 

Writing should be a pleasant 
experience for students, but un-
fortunately the system this quar-
ter is anything but enjoyable, let 
alone conducive to learning. 
Luckily a larger number of courses 
have been planned already for the 
winter. This fact unfortunately 
does not make it easier for the 
many students who cannot take 
writing courses this fall . 

At this point, one can only hope 
that a similar catastrophe will not 
occur again. If it does , however, 
perhaps the Literature Department 
will be more ready to handle it. 

Andrea Frazer 

ByCAVNA 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

Call for details • 2nd 30 tan days 539.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap - Only $48 

Not a telT1Kllary water loss • f!educe celluite and stretch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455-0909 ExpirtI tOO t.90 

Spenn \ 6475AlvBrsdo Road, Suite 109 '" 
t Bank I ~ 

Inc. next to SDSU r 

OPINION 5 

DoWeOHencl 
You? 
Let Us Knowl 

7JJe UCSD G1uJrd-
u,n welcomes your 
letters and commen-
taries. Drop your let-
ter at the G1uJrdu,n 
offices (on the second 
floor of the old Stu-
dent Center, above the 

~eralStore)or~ 
it to: 

Opinion Editor 
GUlJrtliR.n 

B-016, UCSD 
La Jolla, CA 

92093 
Letters should be 

typed, double-spaced, 
and should include a 

~gnatureandaphone 
number. Unsigned 
letters will not be 
printed. We reserve 
the right to edit for 
length and clarity. 

Dlko'S· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Garnet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

PACIRC BEACH: 
1447 Gomet Ave. 

/P' COLLEGE: 273-CUTS 
.• 1....... 6686 EI Cajon Blvd. -

DO YOU NEED EXTRA CASH? 
Are you in good physical condition? 

Could you use an additional $300.00/month? 
($35 per usuable sample) 

SPERM DONORS NEEDED 
all ethnic groups 

(619) 265-2407 

t-)CNi \,0'-'"'" 463-5052 OCEAN ~CH: 
4882 Newport Ave. 

HILLCREST: 222-3777 
409 UniverSity Ave. 

291-(~UTS 



6 OPINION 

FREE CARD ' 
with a $5,00 purchase 

an adventure in 
cards & gift 

7770 Regents Rd. 
La Jolla Colony Plaza 

ne:>..1. to ons 
450-0709 

-,\0110 exc8d Il.jO 

INA EK 
The fundraiser that's wortOng 
on 1800 college campuses! 

Your campus group can eam up to 
$1000 In just one week. No investment 

needed. Be first on your campus. A FREE 
gift just for calling, can Now 

1·800-765-8472 Ext •• 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral students (64-91%). after 
completing their course wolll, remain with 
a d,ssenalion pending completion Indef. 
Mely, Among these ABDs (AII-But,the-
DissertatIOn) are generally found the 
broghtest and mosl creallve candidates. 
Addressing those elements Involved In de, 
laYing completion, lhe workshop guides 
partICipants, from beginning to foliowlng 
through and completion, particularly after 
years of Inactivny and regardless of where 
they are ,n lhe process. 

Workshop information 
985-0426 

Postgraduate Group 

The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, October 3, 199( 

LETTER TO THE EDITOR 

Lines Are Ridiculous 
Editor: 

Since the new school is already one week: old, I figured i 
about time to start doing what students are really interested ir 
on this campus: complaining. I feel it is well beyond rhe tim( 
to complain about the thing that irritates me the most when 
begin a new year at UCSD: the goddamn lines. 

Eve!)' school has lines,Iknow. Lines for books, lines fOJ 
fees, lines for parlcing pennits, and lines for classes. But i 
seems to me that UCSD has lines just for the sake of havin! 
lines, I'm begiru1ing to think that some members of th( 
administration like to see how long a line can actua1J) 
become. I Wouldn't be surprised if UCSD administnlto~ 
compete with administrators from other schools just to sa: 
which one has longer lines, UCSD's parking pennit line is 
of COW'Se, usually the longest and most annoying. 

BUI there have to be ways to remedy this situation. One 01 
them might be to have more than two tellers in the parldn~ 
office. I mean, we're talking about a line that stretches to tile 
supercomputer and back - and they 've got two people 
distributing the pennits? 

It's bad enough thal the permits cost more than yow 
conventional used car, but this is ridiculou . So second week 
rolls around with the parking permit line still flowing out the 
door, and what does the parking office do? It reduces the 
number of teUers from two to one, perhaps just to make sure 
that the line stays longer than the line at Berkeley, or UCLA. 

Anotheroneofthedumb lines is the one to get your stickel 
to prove that you 've paid fees. It 's bad enough thalthey don'l 
mail you a sticker-but they've gOlone person sitting at the 
booth with the list of eve!), UCSD student in front of him or 
her. A computer system, maybe? Just a suggestion. 

Perhaps the rest of the campus can learn a Ii ttl from the 
lines at the registrar's office and at Soft Reserves. They 
always seem to have plenty of workers, and the line moves 
quickly. I'm not suggesting that eve!), department should 
consistently over-staff their offices to avoid lines-but when 
there's a need for it, like in the beginning of the year, it would 
be nice. Besides, maybe some of the complaining around 
here can be reduced. But I doubt it. 

On Oct. 9, 10, and 11 a leader will be looking for those who are not followers. Talk 10 
a Marine from 10:00 AM 10 2:00 PM at Revelle Plaza. 

J~Phillips 

lOmu, RiCutmS \ ~lDm 

ERIC. BOGOSIAN 
BEST KNOWN FOR ... TALK RADIO, DRINKING 

IN AMERICA AND SEX, DRUGS, ROCK & RO 

E)(cerpt from 1 of the 10 monologues 
of SEX, DRUGS, ROCK & ROLL. 
Us len to this, man, the government 
is spendin~ billions 01 dollars to 
build 1he biggest computer ever, a 
super·computer, right? Huge , b igger 
than anything they built berore, 
When they rinish this eomputer man 
we ' re III gonna be dead. I , 
They're gonna hook that eomputer 
up to all the TV sets In 
everybody'S house, right7 And 
Ihey re gonna reverse the TV sets 
so thai they c:an watch you in your 
house doing your Ihing. 
And I' you don 't do whit the 
computer wants you 10 do, it's 
gonn. send a messlge to the TV set. 
And the TV set Is gon"a send a 

COlllJ)aCI Disc Ca' elle mes.age to the microwa.e OVen. Door ', Genna pop open Ind you 're 11.99 7.99 gonnabe •• hes , ma~R«ri 
SALE ENDS OCTOBER 9, 1990 \~ 

OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT, 365 DAYS A YEA. 

lDWiR QiCUROS \ \I\DiU 
ELCAJON SPORTSAAENA 

796 Flelcher Parkway 360t Sports Arena Blvd. 
ICross from Parl<wav Plaza VIDEO 

DP.N '" aM TO 10 PM 3393 Kemper SI. 
~ MUSlCVIO(OS no<..t''''"''''-'"'T~ VIO(O SALfS & HlIITAI.S! 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Calon Blvd. 

nelt to Art SI. Po.t Off, 

HOWARD H GHE, MEDICAL I STITUTE 
PREDOCTORAL FELLOWSHIPS IN 

BIOLOGICAL SCIENCES 
1991 COMPETITION 
re llo\\'~hip, .Ire for fu ll -time study toward the PhD. or SeD. 
degree in n :1I biology and regulation , genetics, illllllunology, 
Ileuro,cience, and Mrut'lul".JI hiology a, well a, bioMati>tic" 

l'pidellliology. and mathematical biology. 

FELLOWSHIP TERMS 
Three-year Ini'ial all ard" 0 I 1,700 annu,1I co,t of-
o T\\ o -),,,ar cxtel1.,iol1' po",ible education allo,' anee 
oSU,'tOO annual ,Upend. 
effectile June 1991 

EUGmUJTY 
Le",., than ( ne year of poSt-
baccaburl!;tte graduate ~tudy 
in biology: 
• Collegl' ~1lI0f' 
• fir;, t ) ~.Ir gr:.I(.Iu.ne ,tudem, 
. M ..... .. 1),0 , J) . I) , ~ ., n,v. 1" 
"tudcnh 01 profc"ionab 

If an M .IL Ph.D. student: 
• 'm in a funded progl"JIl1 
No citi zen,hip requirement,,: 
o U.S. citl7ens I1U) ,tudy 

ah,oad 
· (Jthers mu,t "tudy in the 

l 'nited Stat~s 

Application de.ldline: 
o November 9, 1990 
Award, announced: 

~CHEDULE 
fellow,hll)' , tart: 
oJune 1991 -,1:mua ry 19')2 

• Early Apnl 1'>9 1 
01'10: Fdl<", ,hip" are highl y (Ompet llil'e. More than 1,000 

applica tions are reviewed to ~e1eet 66 fellow" 
FOR PROGRAM ANNOUNCEMENTS, EUGmruTY 

GUlDEUNES, AND APPUCATIONS 
'Itlghe, Predoctoral Fello\\'"hip' 

'<allona l ReseJrch Council Fello'A,hip Office 
21 0 1 Constitution r\ venue 

W,bhington , DC 20 1lH 
Tdephon • (202l:33-1-2Hn 

TilL' Il o\\.IrlI IIt IJJ.hl"~ r\kdll.11 In,wull' \\ l'I(C)llll" ,lpplir,llJOn, Imlll ,III CllI.lldll'd 
{ .. lnd,d.lll·" .I nd l'nlc.lIr.IHl" "()IIl,,'" .1110 1lll.·mlll.T~ (., 'llIOOIU, WC)tlp" Ie) .Ippl" 

Are your classes all on .. , -----....., 

T, TH, SAT? 
We know that you can't live without the priceless info 
found in each Guardian i sue (now being published 
each MWF) SO, our clever circulaLion Learn has made 
sure you'll get the G on the mornjngs which follow 
our publishing daLe '. Forget about you? Pshaw, 

Wednesday, October 3, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Libraries Add New Catalog System 
• Simplified book database named after Roger Revelle 
By Stephen Bach 
Staff Writer 

UCSD libraries will now feature 
a new on-line catalog designed to 
speed up and implify access to all 
eight UCSD libraries. 

The new system has been named 
"Roger," in honor of Roger Revelle, 
a founder of UCSD and director 
emeritu of the Scripps Institution 
of Oceanography. According to li-
brarian Dorothy Gregor, the 
system 's designers felt that an acro-
nym would not be appropriate for 
such an innovative system. 

ing access ible only from the 
Library's computers, One simply 
accesses the system by dialing up 
via computer and modem or through 
the UCSD network. 

"Over the next two years, during 
the massive construction project to 
double the size of the UCS D Central 
Library. the remote access option 
may be increasingly anractive to 
our on-campus users," Librarian 
Irene Hurlbert said. 

In the past, access 10 library mao 
terials tended to bedifficult because 
MELVYL required an investment 
in time and effort to learn how to use 
it. With Roger, there is no lime-
consuming command structure to 
learn, One imply follow the com-
mands as they appear on the com-
puter tenninal . 

Besides listing whether UCSD 
owns a particular book or periodi-
cal, Roger can: report whether the 
item is checked out and if so, when 
it is due; list the latest issue of a 
periodical received; and use a call 
number scan to electronically 
browse the library shelves; or list 
books that are still on order or which 

• 

Doctor Revelle was initially 
concerned about naming the system 
after himsince there was a possibil ity 
that the system might not work well. 
Although there have been a few 
bugs, these have been minor and 
were subsequently corrected. 

UCSD faculty , students, and staff 
will soon be able to dial up the 
library and choose from libra!)' 
catalogs, article databases, statisti-
cal sources, electronic newsleLlers, 
electronic "reference desk," or local 
infonnation files, and request de-
live!)' of books or journals to a 
campus address. 

have recently been received. 
• As a major research university, • 

See LIBRARY, page 11 • 
• 

"The system has worked so well ________________________ _ 
that Doctor Revelle has no reason to 
worry," Gregor said. 

Roger, the third system of its 
kind within the UC system, i an 
integrated system combining card 
catalogue, circulation, and acquisi-
tion systems into one automated 
package. Following an easy-to· use 
menu, both inexperienced and ex-
perienced users can quickly scan for 
books by author, title, or subject. 

The system includes listings of 
over one million book titles, and 
almost 50,000 periodical titles. Al-
though the listing is substantial, 
Roger is designed to complem~nt 
the standard MEL VYL, MEL VYL 
ONLINE, and CURRENT CON-
TENTS menus, not reptace them. 

The new menu wiU bejustoneof 
many databases to be added to the 
menu of infomJation services in the 
near future. According to Librarian 
Doug Stewart, these additional ser-
vices are a part of what is being 
called a gradual evolution toward a 
"library without walls." 

100 

In the future, new services will 
be added that can be accessed by 
remote, as Roger is, rather than be-

Kaplr .. 'ilJovember 

COI1!'ti d e l a LO IIIIX IIl } wht'r c you Cit 11 WOI k \\ II II le'H.1 jng-l'dge It't hn olog, 111 .1 \,HIl't \ 0 1 i lid Ulor.ltl(' ... - ~. D~ . 
A~ a .5.,:; bill ion forpol'";! l ion pro\ id II1g i ll f ()rm~lI ion Il't hnolog-\ \olut inn, III' ell , t nOle!'.l round th e 
1\0 rid , EDS believe, I t'itt , areel 0ppOri lIlI il\ ,nt',"I' ~ \,II'lel \ of peoplt' I"'r~ i llg \\ il h .1 1.II'It'I\ 01 
,thern.iI i\l''). 

Our ClI lI \ -klt'l de\ciopmelll progl ,lIll,.lre I c(o~ni/('d .IS Illodels ill the illlollll.1I iOllle, 11I 1I)1,,!-\\ 
!!te l" i c...e~ field . ~ I ht'; pi 0\ alt.· lit(, pI,H. 1 i lLl l h ,l lld"' ·OIl l'Xpt' l ic lI ll' .I Il<l I h t' tech III(. a ll..u ()\\ -h()\\ Itt't'dl'd 10 
('xed ,.nd ~ III\\ in I h j", ch II .Hll ir i ndll\1 n . 
Systems Engineering DevelopmentlSED) Program 
• I-H''''' lOlIq(c dc)(,.,·,· (a 11\ 111.1 jOI ) II II h . 1 :1.0/·1.0", el.dl (;1'.-\ I"t'k" t'" 
• Dt.'ITIOIl'll,l(t'd 1{'{ hU H . • 1I Llp lilUdl' 
• Fie, ihi iiI \ 1 (I I t'hH •• Ie IlLII101l\\ ieh: 
Engineering Systems Development IESD) Program 
• 1- \ {' • .11 t ul h:g-c dq{1 eC,' III ektl llc.d . 1H.:.l1l utI(. t tiling. IHet h a lIiLtl. IIHllht I Id lUI , hl·J1IIl.tll' n~II1(Tlll1g 

\\ ill, .1 'HIli II o\t',.dl (,I'. \ I" .. t.-, ,ed 
• 1· It' xlhrl it \ 10 1 clOt ,lIe IILII iOIl" ide 
Research Systems Engineering Development IRSEDI Program 
, . \ h.lt hl' I, II ." dt'!-\1{'C III , "Ill PIIIl'1 " It' Ill< ' \\ II h .1 III i 11111111111 :1.:,11.0 ,,\t·,,111 (; 1', \ 1" d , ' 1 ,,'d 
• \\'llIlIl gIH'" tlllt'IUltllt' 10 n.dl .• , . Il',.I, .• lIt'.t 

\ II IH"jllt III' Il'{jllIll' cxce- lI cnt cununun ieation ski lls and a strong record of achiev€'l1lenl. 
EDS has immcdiale o pening, and i, conducting o n-campus illlerviews o n October 15 for the RSEO 

r'rogram, and No.ember 5 and 6 for the SED and [SO Programs, 
I! ,01l ' l t ' Illh.' ll', l cd ill.lldll't'l Ih.ll {,llll,d ... c,' \011111 1110111' <Iii It'l l ' lIl (1IH'{llllll', ( nlH.tl t \nUI pl .lll' 11H'lI t 

0 111(. ~ ' I\)I '1){Il · Up. ()I , ... nd U'I \0111 1 t,lIflll tud.I\ . 
t. ll ~ fklt'l"P"l('lIl l{(on II illl1f\ 
II o roll \\'h Ill' Ko, k Kn,ut 
"',"I t' 110, Ih 'pl :!(,O\\':!7tiO 
K.III( hll (.(11(\01 ". (.. \ \I:)h70 
t I" I' . 111 CIIII,III'I'I"'IIIIIIIII 1 "'1'1"11 I Ill!'" 11 • 

• 
• 
• 

NEWS 7 

The IIOthe"· Copy Center 

"" Self-Serve Macs 
"" Word processing II" Desktop Publishing II" Typewriters 

Expert Rssistonce Rvailob/e 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 25% Off : 

• 41 50 Re.g" .. nts Pork Row 

All Macintosh krvicesl: (~:;~I~-'\I'S) 
with this ad • 457-1 007 

CDlres 11131190 • 
•••••••••••••••• 

-- ------------------------

-- Let Us Earn Our Stripes! 

Fact .. . OJer 55 California students managed lIleir 0Nf1 bJsinesses last summer 
Fact ... Their average earnings forlile summer of 1990 were $10,700 
Fact ... They continued to prove a decade-long track record in business 
Fact., ,These students all managed with Student Painters and gained valuable 
managemer,t expertise 
Fact, ,.~ territories wil 00 filled by lIle end of Noven1:Jer 
Management hiring now taking place for the summer 

WELCOME BACK UCSD ... 
Now hit the books and call Domino's Pizza! 

IT'S TIME FOR OOM!l 0'5 PlZZA. 

Hours: 
11 am-l am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 

Limited delivery area to ensure safe dnvlng. Our drivers carry less than $20, 



8 NEWS T h e UCSD Guardian 

p······COMPUTERS •• 
I t'-.~\;~ L A J 0 L L A "o~~~1 
I J ' I 
• I I • 
I I 

, .. 

/\' 
(~ ' 

I I 
I I 
I I 
I • 
I • Lie 1 dllCIl/iOlI "ll1road ProgralJl 

• I I I 
Glo llal cClIrity - tlldies 

I I 
I I 

at .\1ciji Gnhllill Ulli '1!ers ity 

ill Yoko11l1ll1t1 I I 
I INCLUDES: ::;:-::-_::. = I 
I ·2DRIVES = ~ =-== $645 I 
• • 640 MEMORY ==-= ~ = I 

PRINTER COMPATIBLE 
I . HR. WARRTY Complete System I I . SOF1WARE I 

prillg Quarter 1991 

• Lilli Lie credit 
I I 
I ~~~~::5 CALL 454-5544 I 
I Service & Repair Ouantrtie. Umae<l I 
I I 

• Al'pliClltio!l Deadli" e: Octob", 12 • 

IlIfOY'Hriltloll lIt the' (lpptlrtlHlI t lt'~ \ ltr'Mtl 0f,-, .. Ot' j" til,' /IIt t'nI4I tlllllfll Cl,,,t,'r 
• 53./ ·1113 • 

• 1110 Torrey Pines Road, Suite A •• m I 
I La Jolla, CA 92037 Finlf1cing & Leasing Available I 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

'ly 'lacintosh is Illore important t() Ille than Ill~ GI l'. 
Iltnt Ill\' car to m\' sister. But llohml\ 's ukill~ 111\ \Licint()"h. 

• - • 4.. 

, 

l ) 

Jason Jimerson 
B.A. Sociology, Earlham College 
M.A. Sociology, Unive,.ity of Virginia 
Ph .D. Candidate, Sociology, Unive,.ity of Chicoga 

"I don't know how anybody ~ets through college 
today \vithout a Madntosh. Sometime I have so many 
as ignments that I barely have time for sleep, Yet my 

Madntosh allows me to get my work done on time-
v.ithoUl making sacrifices. 

"\Xbrking on my dissenation and field studies 
means collecting an incredible amount of information. 

o jumping from one program to another with 
ease is imperative, as is quickly making 

\ i , 
chartS and graphs. By enabling me 

to do the e thing ! Macintosh 
probably saves me an hour and 
a half each day. 

'l\nother great thing about 
the Macintosh i that it makes 
you feel technically confident. 
Remember putting toys 
together when you were a kid? 
Who reads the direction ? 
Nobody. You look at the 
picture of the bike and you 
know exactly what to do. 
The Macintosh operates 
the same way I actually taught 
a friend to use one in 
rwominute. 

"What would my life be like 
without a Macintosh? Scary" 

For all your computer 
needs visit or contact the 

University Bookstore 

534-4291 

ta. 
~hydo people lore Macintosh'? 

Ask them. 
, 1990 AWIe Computer Inc: ~ the ~ 5ogo and ~ottl 

.t. '''I.I.Itd '1~11o.. of Aopte ComIJUWr InC 

Wednesday, October 3, 1990 

POLICE 
Continued from page 1 
eeking him forquestioning involv-

ing the incident. 
Berglund said thatafterlhe while 

male left, Thomas began waving his 
arms and honking the horn of hi 
car, trying to auractthe attention of 
other people u~ing the teller. 

" He then managed to pull him-
self out of his car, stood up, leaned 
on the door of the car and asked for 
help," Berglund said. 

Some of the people u ing the 
teller machine came 10 his aidat that 
time, according to police. One of 
them moved TIlOmas into the back 
seat of his car, and then drove him to 
Villa View Hospital. 

According to Berglund, the only 
thing the injured Thomas aid while 
on the way to the hospital was that 
"a black man tabbed me." 

Emergency surgery at the hos-
pital was unsuccessful, and Thomas 
was pronounced dead at I :48 a.m. 
Saturday. 

Berglund said that police inves-
tigators are trying to reconstruct the 
events that led up to the time Tho-
mas sought aid. 

"There areseveraJ hours between 
the time he had dinner with a friend 
that night and the time he drove up 
on the sidewalk," he explained. 

Some students, however, dispute 
the police's version of the story. 

" [That Thomas was stabbed by a 
black man] is just a rumor," Muir 
College sophomore Tiffany Hanna 
said. "First off, he would never use 
the word ' black,' and he'd never put 
down a brother." 

Meanwhile, the university is try-
ing to fill the void in the Urban 
Studies and Planning (USP) semi-
narThoma was running this quar-
ter. 

According to USP Coordinator 
Amy Bridges, the seminar was co-
ordinated with Third College's 
Public Service Program, which has 
UCSD undergraduates tutor el-
ementary school students . Bridges 
said that the Teaching Education 
Program will aid in continuing the 
class. 

"It's ironic that he would spend a 
lot of his time working on the 
problem of violence among young 
black males, and then this would 
happen tohim," Bridgessaid. "If we 
lived in a better society, maybe he 
could have used his gifts to work on 
something even more important." 

THOMAS 
Continued from page 1 
dents didn', get to know him. I sat 
here, listening to them reading the 
list of his accomplishments for 20 
minutes or longer. He's done more 
than anyone at UCSD could do in 
their whole lives," Hanna said. 

While every panicipant remem-
beredThomasinadifferent,personaJ 
way, each of them shared one feel-
ing, summed up by Gordon: 

"I'm going to miss him," she 
said, 

NEWS 
WRITERS 

Come, find out about 
beats, getting paid, 
stories, and meet 
some of the new 

news staffl 
GUBrdlsn office, 

5 p.m. today 

Wednesday, O ctober 3,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

~ET A. CC>UPC>N FC>R A. R 

TODAY FROM 

11 :OOAM • 1 :30PM ntURSDAY DamnGIod 10 Meet Yo 
7p.m. 

Maunloin AT THE 
View 

U 
S]G MA PH] 

9 

S H 
EPS]lON 

All 'tN • •••• K YOU N •• D ro KNOW 
RUSH HOTllNE: 558-9107 

FU>AY SATURDAY SUNDAY MONDAY TUESDAY wtDNfSOAY 

The Doting Beach Sports Togos Sig Ep Poker Prefer..,tial 
Game luau Day Night Nighl Dinner 

7 p.m. 3 p.m. 1 p.m. 7:30 p.m. 8 p.m. 

lUi lOA La Jolla Muir 967 Garnet International 
Shores Courls Poci~c Beach Center 

COMM~T~R ~~RVIC~~ ~AIR lounge, near Econ Bldg. (On compus) 
Financing 
Your Education 
CanBeA 
Balancing Act ... 
Talk To Us 
About A 
Student Loan! 

• Fast • Local 
We dare other lenders to beat LIS! 
If you need special help, we 
aren', a vague voice in ew York 
or Sacrdmento. We're here and 
we help. 

FREE CREDIT UNIO N 
MEMBERSHIP! 
We waive your membership fee 
and you enjoy outstanding finan-
cial services from any of 22 
countywide branch locations. 

all LI~ for more info about 

Stafford, SLS, or PLUS 
546-2063 

or a~k your Financial Aid Depart ment 

L\. 
Mission Federal Credit Ution 

stRVING THE WUCA1IONAl COMMUNITY 

"The Student Loan Store" 

(. 

\1""'11 III I \.\.k.",.1 , .. I ... ,-0 nulln", \ Inh! 1111.' III \\ 111\ Ii h •• , .... " ~,I th, l,lu~ .Iln In,11 \1 Itllllll1l1l1\ tll '.111 I >tl~11 ( • "HlI\ 
lor II ... ",: Ih.1I1 .IIIU,1I1\.'1 \.\.111111\ H.lh .· .. 1,'1111" \\I'lth~10tl .. ,md ..... ·I"HU ... ,"I'tl, 1 In\. h.HI).,' 

, Ulnln .. ·.411"..,\ H) • r~,I" .11'1'11 I' .11 

Broom Boll 
10:30 p.m. 
UTe Ice Rink 

APPAREL 
DESIGNER 
ZONE 
CLOTHING 
SALE 
SAVE 
50%-90% 
BELOW 
RETAIL 
• Tweeds 
• limited Express 
• Calvin Klein 
. ·Bill Blass and more 

NEW SELEGJONS WEEKLY! 
OPEN TO PUBUC ONLY ON: 

Wed.-Frl. 10-7 
S4U.ID-6 
s ..... 12-5 

II'--------~ 
: 1 O~thig.FF : 
I Cash purchases only. I 
L __ !~ ~B!0 ___ I 
Take the 1·805 North, exit on 
Miramar Rd . Go East 4 lights to 
Camino Santa Fe, turn left. 
8250 Camino Sante Fe 
Hotline: 450-3323 



10 PHOTO The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, October 3,1990 

ESSAY 
BY RIMAS UZGIRIS 

A Walk On 
The Wild Side 

• "After a long ramble through the dense 
encumbered woods, I emerged upon a smooth 
meadow full of sunshine like a lake of light, about a 
mile and a half long, a quarter to half a mile wide and 
bounded by tall arrowy pines ... " 

-John Muir 
"My First Summer in the Sierra" 

Wednesday, October 3,1990 

LIBRARY 
Continued from page 7 
UCSD and its libraries inrend to 
offer a broad spectrum of informa-
tion services to students and chol-
SIS. These services will be based 
upon UCSD's own collections, but 
in no way limited to them since 
MEL VYL will still be available and 
is capable of accessing information 
at all UC campuses, the State Library 
in Sacramento, and other research 
libraries throughout the United 
States. 

"Just look at other libraries to see 
how far ahead we are," Chancellor 
Atkinson said. 

The reaction to Roger so far has 
beenquitepositive. "We'vehadover 
1 00 fCl>ponses over the summer and 
they have been almost universally 
positive," Librarian Doug Stewart 
said. "The biggest advantage is that 
one can immediately find out if a 
book has been checked out or nol." 

"It opens a whole world of ac-
cess to information," librarian Tami 
Echevarria said. "There's nothing 
to be afraid of. You don't have to be 
a computer wizard to be able to use 
it. " 

DRILL 
Continued from page 3 
well as a communication system. 
The control areas will act as a cen-
tral conunand post forcommunica-
tions for all college-wide Housing, 
Dining Services and Residential Life 
operations. Key management staff 
will be required to repon to the 
control areas. 

"By meeting ourgoai we'll make 
people aware of where to go and 
what to do in an emergency situa-
tion," Robbins said. 

Larry Barren, the director of the 
project, added that it is imponant for 
students to repon to their assigned 
areas. 

"[That way] we know who's 
there and who's not there in an 
extreme emergency," Barrett said. 

Barrettexplained why the annual 
Muir drill has been expanded to 
include the entire campus. 

"It's a good idea that all five 
campuses are prepared in case of an 
emergency, instead of just MuiI " 
he said. 

Robbins added that a major 
earthquake has always occurred on 
or within a few days of the Muir 
drill,such as last year'sLoma Prieta 
earthquake in Northern California. 
He expressed hope that this year the 
pattern doesn't continue. 

, 

COME 
TOnE 

GUARDIAN 
INTERNSHIP 
PROGRAM! 

It's the best way to 
become a Guardian 

staff writer. The 
internship is run by 
a local professional 

journalist and former 
Guardian editor. 

TONIGHT! 
7 p.m. 

Davia-Riverside 
Room 

PrIce Center 

The UCSD Guardjan NEWS 11 

AillIMA. OR ALLERGIES? the Living Dead 
MEDICAL EVALUATION AND CARE 

BY BOARD CERTIFIED ALLERGIST AT NO COST TO YOU 

~fuuu 
60/ ()~ 
FO ~ 

ALLERGIES/HA Y FEVER 
• One week study of investigational nasal spray 

• Must be between ages of 18 and 60 

• Hay fever symptoms (runny, stuffy, itchy nose or 
sneezing) 

• PAYMENT OF UP TO $80 TO QUALIFIED PARTICIPANTS 
ASlHMA 
• 21-week study of investigational asthma medication 

• Symptoms of wheezing, chest tightenss, coughing or 
shortness of breath 

• Must be age 12 or over 

• PAYMENT OF UP TO $700 TO QUALIFIED PARTICIPANTS 

( II'\I( \1 «(/1/ 
I{I "I \I{( II 271 1690 

' 1'\"111'111 . 1'\( . -

Boll's Eye Tavern 
Octoi»vr 6th 

5pm-8pm 

Come Help Us Celebrate Our Grand Opening 

• 

• 

• . .. 

• 

• o 

• o 

o 
• 

o 

\ • 
o 

• 
• 

• 

• 
• 
• 

Stop by and get to know us at the UCSD Student Credit Union. 
We offer account and service tailored to meet the everyday finan- _ 
cial need of UCSD students. And we are conveniently located on .. 
campus in the old Student Center. 

We can help you with every aspect of your finances: 

• Low-Cost Ct~ecking • 
• No-Fee Savings 
• FREE ATM Card and Access 
• 15 .9% VISA 
• Personal Line of Credit 

• \ 
• Auto Loans 
• Account Acce by Phone 24-Hours a Day 

We want to be your financial re ource. We're the only financial 
institution where you'll find students helping students. 

And we've got the welcome mat out for you during our grand 
opening celebration September 17 through October 5. 

• 

• 

o 

• 
• 

o 

• 

[] 

Located in the Student Center (6/9) 534-8120 • I NcUA I 
--- .--



12 The UCSD Guardian Wednesday, October 3, 1990 Wednesday, October 3, 1990 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulations: 

·Send the entry 011 an 81/2" by 
11" sheet 0/ paper along with your 
name, year ill school, hometown, 
college you attend at UCSD, major, 
andpholle /lumber to Sports Editor. 
UCSD Guardian , 9500 Gilman 
Drive 0316, La l olla, CA 92093-
0316. You call also drop it offill the 
Sports Editor' sboxat the Guardian 
office, located ill the Sit/dent 
Center, across/rom the gym . 

·AII UCSD studellts, staff. and 
facu lty are eligible to enter, except 
for Guardian staff members and 
employees 0/ BPs Chicago 
Pizzeria. 

·The person who comes up with 
the most correct answers. as 
determined by the judges, will be 
declared the grand prize winner 
alld will be recognized when the 
quiz is prillfedthe/ol/owing week . 
III the evellt ofa tie, a drawing will 
be held to determine the willner. 
Those correct entries not selected 
as the grand prize winner will be 
considered runners-up. 

oOnly one entry per person per 
quiz. Entries must be at the 
Guardian by 5 p.m. Wednesday. 

·The grand prize winner will 
receive a free dinner for two at 
Bl'l Chkago Pizzeria. Runners-
up will receive a free pitcher of 
Michelob Draft beer, or soda. at 
BJ's. located in lA lolla Village 
Square. A list of all winners will be 
posted at Bl's each week and 
winners need to show identification 
to claim prizes. 

This week's questions: 
1. Which MLB team does Ken 
Griftey Sr. play for? 
2. Trueorfalse:ACanadianflag 
hangs in the Seattle Kingdome. 
3. NametheDodgerpitcherwho 
won 20 games this season. 
4. How many minutes are there 
in a half in an NCAA women's 
soccer game? 
S. Name the female journalist 
who was recently harrassed in the 
New England Patriots' locker 
room. 

6. Who is the Cincinnati Reds' 
starting pitcher for garne one of the 
NLCS? 
7. Which NFL team has not 
scored an offensive touchdown in 
the first four weeks this season? 
8. Name the Charger player who 
was recently beaten up off the field. 
9. What was the last year in which 
the Pirates and Reds met in the 
NLCS? 
10. Who leads the UCSD men's 
water polo tearn in goals scored? 

Beginning this week, the 
BJ'slGuardian sports 
trivia quiz will run every 
Wednesday, with the 
answers, winners, and 
runners·up printed with 
the next quiz the 
following week , 

The UCSD Guardian 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

-Free PreglUlncy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

ePregnancy Termination 
e General or Local Anesthesia 
e Low Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conception) 

eAffordable Birth ControL 
eStudent Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

Q';r;1 
~arhoice 

SPORTS 13 

Join The Faculty Club! 

Membership in the 
Faculty Club is 

open to all faculty, 
staff and 

graduate students. 
You can 

start your membership 
in the Club for 

as little as $62.00. 
Members pay a 1 time 

initiation fee and 
monthly dues of $12. -

Members enjoy 
• Club charge privileges 

• Weekday breakfast 
and lunch service 

• Friday Happy Hour 
• Special member events 

Call Kell i McCoy 
at 534-1931 

. .. Family Planning Associates Medical Group 
for more information 

or to start 
your membership l 

Move 10 years ahead of the class. 

[0 8821 l'at~ 'J -n ·T 
P_· -K'~ol 
. - v 

.• U.4.'_.-M •. ln'll. 
The new HP 48SX and 
a free 'library card.' can 
get you there. 
With over 2100 built-in funC't ions, our 
Ilew HP 48SX Scie ntific Expan dable 
calculator takes a Quantum leap into 
the 21st century. Buy an HP 48SX 
between August 15 a nd October 15. 
1990, a nd HP wiU send you a free 
HP Solve Equation Library card (a 
$99.95 retail value). 
The plug-in application card a lone 
contains more than 300 science and 
engineering equatio ns, as we ll as 
the periodic table. a c nstan ls' library, 
and a mu lti-equation olver. It's like 
having a s tack of r ference books right 
at your fingertip . 
The HP 48SX calculator is so advanced, 
it will cha nge the way YOli solve prob· 
lems forever. [t integrates graphh;s 
with !'a1('ulus, lets y011 enter equalions 
th way you write th em, and does 
a utomatic unit management. 
Check your campus bookstor(' ,)l' liP 
retailer for HP's range of ral ulatol's 
a nd SIX'Cial hack·to-s('hoo l olIers. 
Thm check Ollt the calculators that 
a r{' years alwad of thei r cia&!. 
Ther is a b tter way. 

FliOW HEWLETT a:~ PACKARD 



14 SPORTS The UCSD GuardiaJ1 Wednesday, October 3,1990 

, 

~~lSHEf'~ CLASS IC 

STARTS FR I DAY 
• 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
I Free coIIsLlllalroll l/lld imlial (reallllell l 15 mill . $20 l'a ille. Firs/-time clients Oll ly.) -

Eyebrows 

Upper up 

Underarms 

B<east 

Stomaclt 

8d"01 une 

Legs 

Toes 

112 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American "kdlcal Association 
appro\"t~(j 1l1ethods for problem 
case and ~nsilive skin 

• MedIcal and co~metic electrolysIs 
for men and women 

• Female staff. state hc. tech nicia ns 

Alexander's Electrolysis 
LaJolw Villnge Professional Center Bebllld ElepbclIIl Bar 
8950 Villu La jollu Dr Sf(!. 2 J 2 J 

If You're In An Accident 
Drive One Of' These Cars 

Now At No Cost. 
Porsche 944 Convertible 
BMW 325i Conv. 
Mercedes 190 E 
Nissan 300ZX 

Free luxury/sports car insurance replacement while your car is being repaired. 
INSURANCE CLAIMS. AUTOMOBILE DAMAGE 

AND BODILY INJURY CLAIMS/LiTIGATION_ 

Law Offices (619) 
IRWIN/DIBOS 236-8420 

[f)[MO[l O~ 
PRIME 
PICKS 

BY PHlL GRUEN 

PHIL'S RECORD IS 1-0 

NL CHAMPIONSHIP SERIES 
FAVORITE 
PIRATES 

LINE 
*3-2 

UNDERDOG 
REDS 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS ... Let me get one thing straight 
before I get started: this year 's National League Playoffs 
exi [only to see which team gets to lose to Oakland in 
the World Series. I know I'm not saying anything 
original here, but when you ' re up against the American 
League All-Star team, what are your chances? In any 
event, the NL playoffs should be quite interesting, 
albeit of little consequence. The Pittsburgh Pirates are 
riding somewhat of a high right now - clinching the 
title on Sunday while riding Doug Drabek 's shutout 
performance. The Cincinnati Reds are currently on an 
entirely different level, having backed into the playoffs 
after playing sub-.500 ball after the break. But something 
tells me things are going to change - the Reds have the 
home field advantage and they ' re going to be fired up 
to squelch all their critic . It 's gonna be close, but PHIL 
says .. . 

TAKE THE REDS 
• OfficlaJ hne from Gtt out of my secrioll . Shortstop. CA 

Friday, October 5 
lOam - 2pm • UCSD Price Center 

This is the place and time to find: 
• Student organization information 
• Food & fun 
• Demonstrations presented by various clubs 
• Free balloons and buttons 

Sponsored by UCSD Recreation and University Events & Student Activities 

'*' UCSD 
. ~ Recreation 

Wednesday, October 3,1990 The UCSD Guardian 15 

~\SCO~e 
V ~" 

• October 7, 1990 
2:30 p.m. 

WHAT IT IS AND WHAT IT ISN'T: 
An informative lecture on 
Christian Science 

Bruce Fitzwater, C.S.B. 
(Membcr· of the Ch"istian Science Boanl of Lcctut'cship) 

SpOll ot'cd jointly Ly the CllI'istian Scicnce O"ganizalion 
at UCSD and Fourth CIHIl'ch of Clwi t, Scientist, San Dicgo . 

BAGGY PANTS • T-SHIRTS 

• 25% OFF 
the largest selection 
of Beach Baggy 
Pants 

• 25% to 50% OFF 
Hot T-Shirts featuring 
Pacific Surflines, 
Funky Dreads, 
BillyBoy, Bumperz 
and many, many 
more! 

• Hurry-Sale ends 
10/7/90 

wtj>a,Ifi, ~y~~ & Tt~ 
The California Attitude 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE· 8855 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. # 40 1 .535-0365 

Lets 
talk 

If you want your computer to talk to our computer 
hop over and make yourself a free copy of KERMIT . 
The KERM IT package provides top-notch terminal 
emulation and file transfer capabilities. Just take a 
couple of MS-DOS or Macintosh disks to the self-service 
facility in room 2101 AP&M and snap it up. 

Instructional Computing Center, UCSD 

• 

COlUMBIA ARTISTS in association with SCOTT O'MAllEY & ASSOCIATES presents 

PO~T·MODERN ACRO·DANCE MEET~ NU·WAVE A CAPEllA 
SERIOUS & SILLY· BEAUTIFUL & BIZARRE 

I • ... brilliant technique, B owe$ome 9Y"1na$tics, clever $els & devices, captivating choreography.· S.F. Chronicle 
doo bob meets dance 

THIS FRIDAY! • OCTOBER 5 
8 PM • Mandeville Auc/. 
G.A. $18· St. $13 
UCSD Fcx/StaH & Sr. Cit. $15 
UCSD Box OffICe • 534-4559 

• .. . 0 crOS$ between 
Devo and the 
Mills Brothers.· 
LA Times 

Pre ... nted by UCSO Univeroity Evenh with :wpport, in port from funds provided by tho Calif. Art. Council, 0 
stale agon<y, & tho National Endowment for the hh, 0 fedc ... 1 agency. 



CLASSIFIEDS 
16 CLASSIFIEDS 

Classified advertising Is sold In 15-
word Increments. The rate per 15 
wordsls$1 for students, $3 for faculty 
and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
In advance Is required; therefore, 
ads must be mailed with a check 
(m ade payable to The UCSD 
Guardian) Dr presented In person. 
Please have exact change. Deadlines 
are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
Issue, 3 p.m. Monday for 
Wednesday's Issue, and 3 p.m. 
Wednesday tor Friday's Issue. The 
Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising Including but not 
limited to companionship ads. For 
more Information call 534-5416. 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093~316. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ 's Pizza Is still UCSD's finest 
original pizzeria. Tear outthe BJ's 
coupon and get your taste buds 
to BJ's. For UCSD's serious pizza 
eaters ! (9/24-11 /30) 

We're back! Sell the contents of 
your garage ! Find a genius who 
can read your handwriting and 
can type! Buy it, sell iI, read iI, tell 
it , find it, lose it, in the Guardian 
classifieds! (9/24-10/5) 

•• ' •• _,.. ...... IW 
1. The best In studerM>udget 

oirfalC$ TO J\NYIlI/HEREI 
t. All. Eural~5 issued ON 

nESPOn 
1 International S!lJdent identity 

Card51ssued here. (We even 
telce the plcturel) 

4. ATMOSPHERE. 
S. Our 09f!n!5 life travel experts. 
6. WE ME RIGHT ON CAMPUSI 
7. The bat tr_1 9£1If and 

tralld guidEs sold here. 
L Hostel Cards Issued here. 
t . WorkMIlde act.oen!l..« tours. 

10. language and Work Abroad 
P<09fams. 

DOES THAT ANSWER 
YOUR QUESTION? 

Counal Travel 
ucso 'RiCE CENTER 

(iboolt the intormltlon booth) 
451·0630 

50%-90% off current fashions 
only at Apparel Designer Zone! 
See our ad in today's paper or 
calilhe holline at 450-3323. 
(9/24-10/19) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New at 
Cal Copy. Only $5.95. While you 
wait. Xeroxes and more. Near St. 
Germains. 452-9949. (9/24-
11 /30) 

ALERT: The U.S. Senate 
I ntellige"ce Com mittee just 
passed a bill (S2834) legalizing 
Iran-Contra-style covert 
operations, including the use of 
private companies and foreign 
governments to finance and 
conduct covert actions. If this bill 
becomes law, covert operations 
will for the first time be anchored 
in statutory law as a permanent 
instrument of U.S. foreign policy. 
Call and write the U.S. Congress 
before October5! 800-852-3446/ 
202-224-3121 to stop the 
expansion I)f the president's 
power. Tell the House how you 
feel! (9/24-10/3) 

The Craft Center has spaces in 
all the classes. Sign up this week 
at the Grove Gallery Store. (10/1-
10/3) 

Are you COLOR BLIND? Earn 
$5/hour participating in 
experiments on human color 
vision. If you are color deficient 
contact Ethan Montag, Psych. 
Dept 534-2999. (10/1-10/12) 

Are you ready for a nightclub that 
plays: HipHop, House, old funk 
and disco, and reggae? Also a 
nightclub minus the kooks seen 
at any "ordinary"venue! II you are, 
check out, "Til the Cows Come 
Home," located at 535 Fifth Ave 
downtown in the Gaslamp District. 
10-2 a.m., 21 and up. Every Sat 
night. For info call 491 -0577, 
(10/1-1 0/3) 

Senior medical student available 
to tutor you in the sciences. Also 
available for personal advice and 
help with applying to medical 
school : mock interviews, etc ... 
Call Nick at 453-8850 for more 
info. (10/1-10/12) 
Writing Help. I've discovered/ 
created unique, Fun-yes, Fun! 
approaches for serious projects. 
Begin 48H810. (10/3-11/30) 

CD SOUNDS 
COMPACT DISCS 

NEW • USED • 1 DAY SPECIAL ORDERS 
• IMPORTS • TRADE-INS 

6780 Miramar Rd. 0 57G -DISC (behind Carl's Jr.) V-
2 for 1 

Bring in 2 used compact discs 
(regularly priced-upon approval) and 

receive 1 new disc 
Value up to $13.97 

Good through Oct. 31 . 1990. 

The UCSD Guardian 

SURF TEAM MEETING. Thurs 
Oct. 4 , 7 p.m. Recreation Conf. 
Room. Questions: Bob 943-7009. 
(10/3) 

ON LINE MARCHING 
ASSOCIATION is recruiting over 
100 Instructors for Drum major, 
Drill Team Cheerleading, Rifles, 
Flags, Majorette, marching and 
Drill Design. Tryouts will be held 
Sunday October 7, beginning at 
9:00 a.m. For the location and 
each section's time, call 598-
6611 . (10/3-10/5) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 
1500 hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday 
Court. Student discounts. 558-
4644/226-1962. (9/24~ 1/14) 

DONT' WALK ALONE!! The 
UCSD Police Department offers 
a Community Service Officer 
(CSO) Escort Program. CSOs are 
available to escort individuals on 
campus from 5:30 p.m. to 1 :00 
a.m.sevendaysaweekincluding 
vacations and holidays. Just call 
534-WALK on any pay phone or 
4 -WALK from on-campus 
phones. YOUR SAFETY IS OUR 
FIRST CONCERN. (10/1-10/5) 

Piano lessons - my North County 
studio or in your home. Ear 
training, theory, improvisation, 
beginners-intermediates, most 
styles. Steve, 942-8179. (10/1 -
10/22) 

Editing. Typing . Computer 
Service . WordPerfect. 
LaserPrinter. 8-11 a.m. Daily. 
Pickup. Delivery. 673-0696. (10/ 
3-10/8) 

WRITING Help from U.C.-Grad 
Tutor/Writer/ Researcher. All 
projects welcome. Productive, 
Intensel Start Early. 481-1810. 
(10/3-11/30) 

TYPING: TERM PAPERS, ETC., 
RUSH JOBS AT NO EXTRA 
CHARGE. 453-0656. (10/3-
11130) 

WANTED 
Part-time chi/dcare needed for 
two delightful children in No. City 
West. Flexible hours. 792-2301 . 
(9/24-10/3) 

Intern positions available at local 
computer sales and consulting 
firm . Positions available in 
marketing , product research , 
CADD drafting, and computer 
programming. Great hands-on 
experience. Call Dave 295-9646. 
(9/24-10/3) 

An opportunity of a lifetime -
financial freedom in a few years! 
I need 5 persistent people who 
will commit to "making it happen." 
496-3377 (24 hr. recorded 
message.) (9/24-10/3) 

Are you wanted? Make it happen 
in the Wanteds. (9 /24-10/5) 

Child Care Wanted : Solana 
Beach home, two year old boy, 
two mornings per week, 481 -
7349. (9/28-10/5) 

Earn $500-$1500 part -time 
stuffing envelopes in your home. 
For free info, send a self 
addressed, slamped envelope 10: 
P.O. Box 81953, Dept. P127, 
Albuquerque, NM 87198. (9/28-
10/8) 

Childcare opening, PIT. Two 
small children. Some days, nights, 
weekends needed. Experience 
and enthusiasm required . 
References. P. Chien, 456-6281 . 
(9/28-1013) 

Research: Healthy women ages 
18-30. Long, irregular menstrual 
cycles. Involves sleeping w~h light 
5 nights, daily blood drawing one 
cycle. Payment: $10.00/draw 
($350.00+) . Message: 552-8585 
ext 3219 "menstrual study." 
(9/28-10/19) 

JOBS JOBS JOBS. Fundraisers 
for UCSD Annual Fund , on 
campus $7 plus bonuses, flexible 
hours. 587-1585. (9/28-10/5) 

OPPORTUNITY - Marketing and 
retail representatives fo r 
expanding corporation. Earn 
$100-$5000 permonth, Fuil/part. 
558-0931. (9/28-10/3) 

Computerized international 
investment analysis . High 
intelligence, mathematical ability, 
and computer experience 
required . Opportunity for 
programming on Macintosh and 
Unix, networking, in addition to 
data base management and 
entry. Macintosh programming 
and spreadsheet experience 
desirable. 15-20 flex. hrs. per 
week. In Del Mar overlooking 
Torrey Pines Park. Must be able 
to work FT summer '91. $8.50lhr. 
Karen, 755-3940. (9/28-10/5) 

WANTED: 85 overweight people! 
Lose up to 25 pounds in 30 days. 
Earn $$$$Iosing. Call 492-8653. 
(10/1-10/5) 

SUBJECTS WANTED: Visual 
psychophysical experiments at 
Salk Institute. Pays $5lhour (OR 
credit in psychology courses). 
Subjects paRicipate as frequently 
as desired. Karen 453-41 00 x488. 
(1 O/H 0/3) 

Roommate wanted - Female, 
non-smoker, non-drinkerto share 
2 bed/2 bath. Pool, jacuzzi, weight 
room,laundry, in La Jolla Colony. 
Rent $225 or $450. Call Kim, 
597-0740. (10/1-10/8) 

Macintosh lovers - part time 
flexible hours job near UCSD and 
UTC - have microsoft works, data 
base, word processing, simple 
accounting. $5.50 hourly. Call 
Cruise headquarters 453-1201 
today. SERIOUS COMMITMENT 
REQUIRED. (10/1-10/5) 

Happy with your present salary? 
If you want to make more call me 
immediately I (619)758-4602. 
(1 O/H 0/8) 

In school and need money? Start 
your own business for $150. Fun 
work. Distribute REAL designer 
fragrances . 272-9038. (10/1-
10/5) 

Wednesday, October 3, 1990 

Female to assist 5 1/2 yr. old in 
getting ready for and driving to 
school. 4 days a week, 7 a.m. to 
8:10a.m., $25/week. Terri at 
481 -1042. (10/3-10/5) 

GET PAID TO DRIVE HOME. I'll 
pay 1/2 gas for late Fri. or early 
Sat. transportation to L.A., 
Pomona, or Diamond Bar area & 
back Sun. STEPH, (619) 558-
1592, after 6 p.m. (10/3) 

Recycle and make extra money. 
I will buy all yourusedorunwanted 
clothes, especially jeal1S and 
shirts. Call Rod at 534-2944 or 
450-1273 (evenings). (10/3) 

Make $! Sell T-shirts to frats, 
sororities , clubs, businesses 
etc .... flexible hours. 566-4861. 
(10/3-10/10) 

LOVING, RELIABLE BABY-
SITTER FOR PROFESSOR'S 
KIDS AGES 5 AND 2-1/2. CALL 
MICHAEL OR SUE, 453-4798. 
(10/3-10/8) 

Looking for fraternity, sorority or 
student organization that would 
like to earn $500-$1,000 for a 
one week on-campus marketing 
project. Organized and hard 
working. Amy or Jeanine, (800) 
592-2121. (10/3) 

Excellent part time jobs! Looklng 
for ambitious students to work on 
an on-campus marketing project 
for major companies. Must be 
personable and outgoing . 
Excellent earnings! Jeanine or 
Amy, (800) 592-2121 . (10/3) 

FOR SALE 
SURFBOARDS. Four used 
Rusty's, $100 each. Must sell. 
RARE Balinese wallets, $10 ea., 
John 457-2465. (9/24-10/5) 

Great location! La Jolla Colony 
town house 3 BR - 2 BA .. 07% 
V.A. Assumable loan 240K 429-
5653. (9/24-10/3) 

Futon and 4-position frame. $1 00. 
Can deliver. 587-0709. (9/24-
10/12) 

BRAND NEW SKISI Olin TDS 
SR 190's with Soloman 557 
bindings, both never used. Skis 
alone retail for $400, selling for 
$255. Call 558-1303. (9/28-1013) 

1974 VW Thing. Good condition. 
Runs great. $2950 or best offer, 
457-7658. (9/28-10/10) 

FULL-SIZE BED for sale. Spring 
air luxury comfort . Excellent 
condition - only months old. 
$200 or negotiable. ($300 new). 
Call William at 534-0797 or 457-
7872. (10/HO/3) 

Small refrigerator for sale. Perfect 
for dorm room or apartment. Only 
$60. Can deliver. Call Carol at 
587-8599. Leave message. 
(10/1-10/3) 

STEREO FOR SALE: Rack 
system, 1 OO-watt amplifier, tuner, 
dual tape deck, 20 band graphic 
equalizer, 2 speakers wilh 15 inch 
woofers. Excellent system. $5501 
best offer. 587-8898 (1 O/H 0/5) 

Wednesday, October 3, 1990 

FOR SALE: 1983VWGTI, black, 
AC , CD player . Excellent 
condition , $3595. Brian, 450-
1805. (1 O/H 0/5) 

G&S 6'2" surfboard, tri-fin, leash, 
$250 . RipCurl full wetsuit , 
removable sleeves, medium. $75. 
552-1012. (10/1-10/10) 

Calculus book - 2 sequence. 
Almost new. Only $35. Paranee: 
587 -8757 , leave message . 
(10/1-10/3) 
Excellent seats for Santana 
concert October 111h in San 
Diego, $45 each. Alex, 458-9845 
anytime. (10/1-10/5) 

Collegiate electric typewriter, one-
line correction memory, minimal 
use by owner, $80 obo. Lisa, 
224-4407. (10/1-1013) 

CASIO MT-500, mini drum pad, 
20 tones, 12 programmable 
rhy1hms, $60, Alex 459-6964, 
leave message. (10/1 -10/3) 

PEUGEOT racing bike, dble chro-
moly 23 Ibs. Great condition, 22" 
frame, new aero brakes, alloy 
rims, Michelin tires, $280. Peter, 
457-3285. (10/1 -10/3) 

Zenith Supersport Laptop, 20 MB 
HD, modem, Epson LQ-850 
printer, MS-DOS, Works, Word, 
$1450, 453-8124 . (10/1-10/3) 

FOR SALE Macintosh with 
external disk drive and software. 
$900 abo, 279-9177. (10/1-10/8) 

'72 Mazda PU, $700 obo. Call 
Preston after 5 p.m. at 558-2336. 
(1 O/H 0/5) 

For Sale: BEER NEON SIGN 
(Budweiser) $100 obo. Call 270-
8918 evenings. (1 O/H 0/5) 

O'Neill Ono full suit, MT, excellent 
condition, $75. Call Karl , 459-
8576. (1 O/H 0/3) 

'87 Suzuki Sam uri. Teal green, 
custom wheels, two tops, greal 
transportation . $4500. 558-9130 
or 460-4745. (10/1-10/5) 

SURFBOARDS, CUSTOM : 
$225, O'SHEN SURF. Need a 
new stick for the winter? Work 
directly with the shaper for your 
personal board . All boards 
professionally glassed at 
Moonlight Glassing. 753-1084. 
(10/1-10/10) 

Wetsuit: Spring , Wavelength , 
medium. New. $60. After 5 p.m., 
481-6632. Can bring to campus. 
(10/1-10/3) 

Tickets : Bobcat Goldthwait, Oct. 
12; Oingo Boin90, Oct. 27 . 
General admission, face value. 
486-4083, Dawn. (10/3) 

Guitar, Flying-V with Seymour 
Duncan and case, $100. Amp, 
Crate G-20, $120. Jeff, 558-5745. 
(10/3) 

Cannondale SR800, 3.0 series, 
blue wlall Shimano 600 parts, 
xln't condition. $525.00.619-558-
8635. (10/3-10/5) 

USED SURFBOARD. 6 foot 1 
inch, 2 Rusty afll:J one Channel 
Island. Good Condition, $180.00 
OBO. Call or leave message, 792-
6142. (10/3) 

YAMAHA- RIVA ONLY 4000 
MILES, LIKE NEW. $800 .00 
FI RM. COSTS $1500 NEW .456-
2421 . (10/3) 

Comic Books : Punisher War 
Journal , Amazing Spiderman, 
Batman and many more! Call 
Jason at 558-6625. (10/3-10/5) 

1986 Suzuki Samurai. Great 
condilion, Dark Blue, great top, 
must sell now! $3200. Kevin 222-
5994. (10/3) 

Smilh Corona "Vanlage" eleclric 
typewriter $45. Kenmore dorm-
size fridge $60. Canvas butterfly 
chairs, Lattice room-divider, patio 
chairs, wine and magazine racks, 
books, and more . Leave 
message, 488-3252. (10/3) 

HOUSING 
I never know who's housing and 
who isn't unless I read it in the 
Guardian Classifieds. (9/24-
10/5) 
Roommate; female , nonsmoker. 
Available NOWI Four houses 
from beach. $400 per month, 
deposit negotiable, and 1/2 util. 
South Mission, parking , own 
room, no pets. 488-5039! (9/28-
10/3) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Great apartment in P.B. 
1 bedroom, $31 O/month plus 1/3 
utilities. 10 min to UCSD. Call 
273-7147. (9/28-10/3) 

Nice , Quiet, Private Rm/Bth 
available 10/1/90 in O.B.lPT. 
Loma area. $350/mo + 1/2 uti I. 
CALL 223-9137. (10/3) 

Room for rent, $375/month. Close 
to UCSD. Utilities paid. 450-6935, 
453-6164 or 534-2410. (10/28-
10/5) 

Female non-smoking roommate 
wanted - awesome condo in La 
Jolla near UCSD. Please call! 
552-3433. (101101 0/3) 

University City, shared room 
$260, near bus, good roommates. 
Tom, Vince or Naureet, 587-8246. 
(10/1-10/5) 

Nice , Quiet , Private Rml Bth 
available 10/1 /90 in O.B.lPT. 
Loma area. $350/mo + 1/2 util. 
CALL 223-9137. (10/3) 

Room for rent in Mira Mesa apt. 
complex with pool, spa, laundry, 
cable, dishwasher, microwave 
and more. 1 or 2 males needed. 
$325/month plus utilities. Call 
Chris, 536-1168. (10/3) 

Includes' Shampoo and quality haircut 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service prices reg $21.$26 
Standby fares are sublect to availability 
of stylists. To Insure faster serVice, It s 
best to come on weekdays 

ONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 Days : M-F-S 9-6pm; T-W-T 9-Bpm 

HAiR, 
Gi=\A?I 'lieS 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 
MEN -WOMEN 

WE HAVE 

EXCELLENT 
AUTO INSURANCE RATES 

FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

D'AGNESSA INSURANCE AGENCY 
7841 Balboa Avenue, See . 215 

San Diego , CA 92111 

-

ROOMATES WANTED ! Fun , 
friendly University City House, 2 
rooms/ spaciou s, fireplace , 
garden. Near UCSD! $370 mo. 
459-2935. (10/3-10/10) 

Own room in spacious University 
home. Share kitchen, laundry, etc. 
Clean, safe, big yard. $320 + 1/5 
util. Call ASAP. Leslie 455-9580. 
(10/3-10/10) 

UNIVERSITY HEIGHTS $260-
room needs smokeless holistic 
intellectual, nice area. Message 
581 -2987 x5735 ; or 294-8279. 
(10/3) 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: Gold anklet. Call to 
identify, x42487. (9/28-10/22) 

CHAMPUS ID CARD OF SR. 
CITIZEN MEDICAL PATIENT 
LOST IN CENTER'S PARKING 
AREA. REWARD. 459-5307 
(10/3) 

PERSONALS 
Russia Explorer stranded w/ 
wings in NY due to TWA's London 
flight 715. Call Eric (714) 963-
8097. (9/24-10/8) 

CLASSIFTEDS 17 

Beautiful outdoo r din ing 
overlooking Torrey Pines goll 
course! Tasty, nutritious cuisine, 
all you can eat salad bar ... 
Choices 554-FOOD. (20% 
discount wi UCSD ID). (9/24-
11/30) 

Get involved at Revelle College!! 
Application s for commi ttee 
appointments are due on Friday, 
October 5th in the Revelle college 
Provosl Oltice. Pick up an 
application today! Informational 
meeting Wednesday October 3rd 
at 8:30 p .m. in Revelle's Why Not 
Here Cafe. (10/1-10/3) 

Come meet other commuters! 
Fifth college commuters meeting 
Wednesday al1 :00 at Provost's 
Office. (10/1-10/3) 

DON 'T WALK ALONE !! The 
UCSD Police Department offers 
a Community Service Officer 
(CSO) Escort Program. CSOs are 
available to escort individuals on 
campus from 5:30 p.m. to 1 :00 
a.m. seven days a week including 
vacations and holidays. Just call 
534-WALK on any pay phone or 
4-WALK from on -campus 
phones. YOUR SAFETY IS OUR 
FIRST CONCERN . (10/1-10/5) 

XEROX COPIES 

I 

• Self service copiers . Volume discounts . Professors notes 

• Copies while you wait . Book binding 

HOURS: 1\1 F 8:30 a.m. 6 p m . • Sat 14 p.lll 

3211 Holiday Court , La Jolla 452.9949 
Next to Dom ino's Pizza 

FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE, FAX #(619)450-994' uplre.10/ 28/ 90 

HAIRCUTS 
by Mark 
Women $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg . $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Pum & Haircut $50 
or l/ighlight & Haircut 

For appointmeru, please call 457-2930. 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr_, Ste. 2120 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

1990 FALL SPORTS PREVIEW - THIRD IN A SERIES 

• Graduation, redshirts, and a 
Mormon mission have left the 
UCSD men's water polo team 
lacking experience and wins. A 
14-game losing streak only serves 
as a painful reminder of what was. 
By Les Bruyold 
Associate Sports Edllor 

In the past, the UCS D men 's water polo team was 
one Triton squad you could always count on to have a 
winning record, be ranked nationally, and make it to 
postseason playoff action. 

That was then - this i now. 
Due to a host of rea ons, includi ng grad uation, 

redshirts, and a Mormon mission, this year' men's 
water polo team is having an unusually rough go of it, 
having lost a chool-record 14 games in a row while 
posting its current 2-15 record. 

Thi is a real about-face for a team that had its best-
ever season las t year, winning the WWPA (Western 
Water Polo Association) tournament, making its first 
trip to the NCAA Toumament - ending up ranked as 
the sixth-best collegiate w ater polo team in the nation. 

So, what happened? Why the sudden change in 
fortunes? 

First off, five significant members of last year's 
squad, including goalie J.P. Beay, Chris Carillo (16 
goals scored), Peter McConville (45 goals), Todd Sells_ 
(40 goals), and Ja on Vance (33 goals) graduated, 
leaving several holes to be filled by Head Coach Denny 
Harper. 

Next, Corbin Walburger ( 19 goals scored and third-
best returning scorer) left on a Mormon mission for the 
year in Milan, Italy. 

Was this perhaps the last nail in the Tritons' collec-
tive coffin? You haven't even heard the start of it. 

In the middle of the summer, Harper found out that 
four highly-regarded recruits he had been courting to 
help fill the e voids would not be accepted to the 
university. 

It was then that Harper decided it would be in the 
best future interests ofthe team to reds hirt his top two 
returning players , Greg Goodrich, and second-team 
All-American Jason "Turtle" Brown. 

Wednesday, October 3, 1990 

Why waste their talents on a season whose prospects 
already seemed awfully bleak? 

This trail of decimation, which deleted the top seven 
scorers from the 1989 squad, left Harper with a team 
that is as green as the grass in early springtime. 

Rlmas UzglrlslGuardian 
Freshman goalie Andy Bruce "has the potential to be one of the best ever at UGSD, • according to Harper. 

When Harper looked down his team's roster, which 
includes one senior, two juniors, six sophomores, and 
three freshmen, he had to admit "we're truly going 
through a rebuilding year." 

But it's not as if Harper has nothing to smile about 
when he speaks of his unusually young team. 

The first ubject that comes to mind is his freshman 
goalie, Andy Bruce. 

That 's right, even the goalie is a true freshman. 
But don 't let that fool you. Bruce has been a pleasant 

surprise to the entire coaching staff and, despi te his 
inexperience, has performed well in the Triton net. 

Bruce made a particularly good showing of himself 
last Sunday in the Nor-Cal Tournament at Stanford, 
where he made a combined 18 saves against highly-
touted Fresno State and Cal. 

"He's been a savior for us," Harper said. "He's one 
hell of a goalie and he ha~ a strong chance to become 

one ofthe best (goalies) we've ever had here." 
The other major bright spot for the Tritons thi s season 

comes in the person of redshirt sophomore Kevin Vance, the 
younger brother of former UCSD polo star Jason Vance. 

Vance is far-and-away leading the team in goals scored 
and racked up five goals in last Sunday's action. 

"What 's amazing about Kevin is that he 's playing so well 
in the hole and that's not even his natural position," Harper 
said. " He's on a pace to break the single-season school record 
for ejections drawn (set last season by Brown) and he 's been 
drawing double-teams against every team we' ve played." 

Harper is also expecting offensive support for Vance from 
junior Jay Hagan and sophomore Gary Seelhorst, and thinks 
fres hmen Sean Kinghorn and Andrew Steinheimer may have 
"turned the comer" toward consistently good play. 

Despite the team 's woefully slow start, Harper feels that 
his squad still has an excellent chance to win it third 
consecutive WWPA postseason tournament, thereby insur-
ing its second consecutive trip to the NCAA Championship 

Tournament. 
"To win the WWPA I think we'll have to beat both 

Air Force and Cal State Los Angeles, but I believe that 
come November, that won 't be too much to ask of our 
club," Harper stated. 

"And if we do make it to the NCAAs, I can't tell you 
what great postseason experience that will give this 
young team," he said. 

This Friday, the Tritons face Loyola Marymount at 
7 p.m . at Canyonview pool , and Harper is already 
predicting a UCSD victory. 

"(Loyola] should give us a good game, but I ' ll be 
amazed if we don 't end up trouncing them," he said. 

Sunday at noon, Harper will lead hi s club against Cal 
State Los Angeles, to whom the Tritons have lost twice 
already this season. 

"We had a chance to beat them in both of those earlier 
games, and it would be agreatachievementforus to beat 
them on Sunday," Harper sa id. 

WATER POLO was closer than the score may have indicated. "They [Berkeley] have an unbelievable 
team, and going into the game I thought our 
chance of winning was comparable to Mesa 
College upsetting Notre Dame in football," 
Harper said. 

w. SOCCER lng-to-lose attitude. Luckily, the Pamhers ' only real offen-
sive chance came on a free kick that Triton 
junior goaltender Karin Carper saved with 
little problem. 

Continued from page 20 
morning loss to the seventh-ranked Bull-
dogs may have been the turning point in the 
season for his young, inexperienced squad. 

"For the first time this year, we played an 
opponent hard for all four quarters and had 
a real chance to win against a really high-
quality team," Harper noted. 

If it wasn ' t for a failed last-second six-
on-five shot by freshman Andrew 
Steinheimer, UCS D would have forced 
highly-regarded FSU into an extra period. 

Junior Jay Hagan led the way for the 
Tritons with three goals, and Kevin Vance 
chIpped in with two. 

UCSD c losed out th weekend respect-
ably against perennial powerhouse Cal , lo -
ing 9-4 in a game that , according to Harper, 

UCSD stayed with the Golden Bears 
early, trailing by only a goal at halftime, 4-
3. But Berkeley took control in the third 
quarte r, outscoring the Tritons 3-0, and went 
on to prevail by five goals. 

Once again, Vance carried much of the 
scoring burden for UCSD as he got three of 
the Tritons four goab again~t Cal. 

Harper reflected on the weekend 's final 
two games, saying that he thinks his leam 
may have "tumed the comer" and "showed 
signs of eliminating some of the inconsis-
tencies we've had in earlier games." 

At thi s point, things can ollly get better. 

Continued from page 20 
time the Tritons played under the lights, and 
McManus felt they adju ted well to that and 
the Panthers' bumpy field . 

B ut those factors were of little conse-
quence compared to the physical nature of 
the game. 

"The younger players got knocked around 
probably more than they ever have in their 
lives," McManus said. 

"We need to learn to be more physical. 
We try to play soccer all the time and tend to 
forget about the phy ical aspects of the 
game." 

He explained that the last pan of the 
game was particularly rough because 
Chapman, being down by just the one goal, 
threw everything at the Tritons with a noth-

Carper's goals-against average is 0.22, 
having given up just two goals in UCSD's 
nine games. 

" It was the same as USJU [a 1-0 UCSD 
win], where we ;Iowed them to creep back 
into it because we just couldn't score that 
second goal," McManus sa id. 

" We're not scoring enough. That's our 
problem, and we need to score more if we're 
going to regionals because there just aren't 
as many chances there," McManus predicted. 

UCSD has scored 17 goals through the 
young season, including eight against 
Redlands in one of their ix shutout victo-
nes. 

Wednesday, October 3, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 19 

IS GIVING' AWAY MONEY 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with 
that special creative project! U.S. GRANTS 
funds projects for all majors. If you have 
any questions, call us at 534-3917 or stop 
by our office (second floor of the Price 
Center, behind Mac's Place). 

We are now accepting proposals for 
Fall '90 grants. The deadline is 

Friday, October 5,3 p.rn.! 

UNDERGRADUATE 
SCHOLASTIC 
GRANTS 

My FAVORITE 
MODEL? 
CABRIOLET. 
Fashion Design senior Gerardo Cantu's 
1988 Volkswagen Cabriolet fits him 
perfectly. 

"As the creator of a line of women's 
clothing called "Fashion Panic', I'm always 
driving my lovely six-foot fashion models to 
shows and photo shoots. 

"In my Cabriolet, all of us fit comfortably. 
There's room for cameras and tripods. And 
we look fabulous." 

If you're ever at the UniverSity of Texas 
in Austin, look for Gerardo driving his 
Cabriolet. He'll be the guy with the well-
dressed ladies - riding in styte. 

Experience all the Fahrvergniigen and 
convertible fun of Cabriolet at your 
Volkswagen dealer. .J . .c. ~ -=.~ ~~J. 

UCSD INTRAMURAl SPORTS PRESENTS 

CHAMPIONSHIPS 

'If I '·SHIITS 
101 rlfl '.IST 30 ruMSI 

NO INJ'IY Fff 
Open k> students, faculty & staff -Open & Novice divisions 

Sign-up deadline -12 noon, Friday, Oct. 12 
Sign-up and detJils, UCSD Recreation at CCilyonview, :d4037 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

FAHRVERGNO GEN . IT ' S WHAT MAKES A CAR A VOLKSWAGEN . 
If you drive a Volkswagen, you mtght be setecled co 
appear In an ad hk's the one i!tbove Send your Slorv and 
photo fO Volkswagen Testlmomals, 187 S Woodw&rd, 
SUite 200, Birmingham. Mtetllgan 48009 



20 SPORTS 

Water Polo 
Drowned in 
Nor-Cal 
• Tritons suffer four more 
losses, extending the 
worst streak in program 
history to 14 matches. 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

Usually,the saying goes, thing have to 
get worse before they start getting any better. 

Thisthoughtmusthavecro edtheminds 
of the members of UCSD men's water polo 
team while they were in Northern Califor-
nia this past weekend, a they lost an ex-
hibition game Friday to the an Francisco 
Olympic Club. They also dropped four con-
secutive matche at the Nor-Cal Tournament 
at Stanford University on Saturday and 
Sunday. 

The weekend didn't start off too badly 
for the Triton ,as they played well again t 
the S.F. Olympic Club team, coming up on 
the short end of a clo e 13-11 exhibition 
conte 1. 

TheOlympicClub quad, whichconsi t 
of everalout tanding former NCAA water 
polo players, including ex-UCSD great Alan 
Moushawar, didn't blow the Triton out, 
and gave the young UCSD team a rare 
chance to play against a group of wise and 
cunning collegiate old-timers. 

"I like to schedule at least one exhibition 
game against experienced players like the e 
every year," UCSD Head Coach Denny 
Harper said. 

Things really went downhill for UCSD 
from there, as the team traveled 50 miles 
south to Stanford University. 

Once there, UCSD dropped four more 
games at the Nor-Cal Tournament to stretch 
its losing streak to 14 games. 

After a 2-2 start at the beginning of the 
eason, the Tritons are currently suffering 

through the worst losing streak in the his-
tory of the men's water polo program, and 
their overall record ha slid to a decidedly 
unimpressive 2-16. 

UCSD's first 10 s, a 9-7 setback Satur-
day afternoon at the hands of Brown Uni-
versity, was indicative of the way the Tri-
tons have lost many of their games all year 
long: close, but no cigar. 

''This was the first time we'd ever lost to 
Brown [in five previous meetings] and we 
just didn't play very well," Harper said. 
"We should have beaten them ... they 
weren't that good. 

"This 10 s really pis ed u off." 
Sophomore Kevin Vance led the Triton 

offense with three goal again t the Bruins. 
Ninth-ranked University of the Pacific 

was up next that evening for UCSD, and the 
Tigers feasted on the Tritons as if they were 
a herd of helpless wildebeasts on a National 
Geographic special, defeating UCSD con-
vincingly, 10-2. 

Harper said that after three periods, when 
the score was already 8-0 UOP, he felt 
"limp with embarrassment." 

"Once again, thi was this fir t time we 
had ever lost to them [UOP] and I can't 
remember a more pathetic team effort in my 
term as coach for UCSD," he said. 

Things became le~s bleak fort he Tritons 
on Sunday, a they till lost both their games, 
to Fresno State and U Berkeley, but they 
didn't embarras themselves as they did in 
Saturday' contests. 

Harper felt that the Tritons' tight 9-8 
See WATER POLO, page 18 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian 

Brian MorrlllGuardian 
Jennifer Kingsbury, a fifth-year senior, is one of the few Triton upperclassmen. 

Wednesday, October 3, 1990 

Battle 
Under the 
Lights 
• Women's soccer 
dominates Chapman 1-0 in 
the first meeting between 
the teams in two years. 
By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD women's soccer team is just 
too nice. 

This may be good news to the players' 
mothers, but not to Triton Head Coach Brian 
McManus, who claimed that the rough style 
of play in Monday's match at Chapman 
upset the Tritons' rhythm, 

Rhythm, yes. Upset, no. 
UCSD survived the free-for-all physical 

battle with a 1-0 victory over the Division n 
hosts, and upped its record to 7-1 - 1. The 
Tritons remained undefeated in their last six 
games, and maintained their number two 
ranking in Division m. 

The Tritons not only survived, but actu-
ally controlled the match, according to 
McManus, who said that, "we dominated 
75-80 percent, but we didn't put away a lot 
of the chances we created." 

The only shot that UCSD did put away 
was at the 25-minute mark, by junior for-
ward Karin Lindsay, whom McManus said, 
"worked like hell the whole game." She 
tallied the winning goal for the second 
straight match. 

McManus credited the performances of 
Amy Wayte, Jennifer Kingsbury, and the 
entire forward and back lines, but especially 
pointed out that Kalyn Shea "had her best 
game of the season." 

The 7 p.m. starting time marked the first 
See W. SOCCER, page 18 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL HOME MATCH PREVIEW 

Backup Setter in Spotlight vs. Biola 
By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

UCSD plays Biola in women's volleyball every 
year. Yeah, so? UCSD plays a lot of school every year. 

But playing Biola seems to have more of an impact 
on UCSD than any other opponent. 

In the II years the two have beeen facing off (UCSD 
leads the series 9-7), the outcome of this match has had 
a direct result on UCSD's chances in postseason play. 

As noted by UCSD Head Coach Doug Dannevik, 
every year the Triton lose to Biola, they win the 
Division III national title. And every year they beat the 
Eagles, they fail to reign. 

Dannevik says that he isn't sure what to expect from 
the Eagles, but said that they ' re historically one of the 
better NAIA teams. 

So, with all this superstition in the works, will UCSD 
throw tonight's match (7 p.m. in the Main Gym)? 

Not a chance - even though their regular starting 
setter Amy Banachow ki will be out for a week with a 
sprained ankle. 

That leaves the quarterbacking duties to freshman 
Julie Fabian, whom Dannevik says, Hi a real energetic 
player who hu ties a lot." 

"The team is confident withJ ulie,"Dannevikclaim . 
"We have not 10 t any of the [12] game he has set." 

UCSD will be at full strength with the remainder of 
its staning lineup, as Elizabeth Tan will play the entire 
match after sitting out pans of la t weekend ' matches 
while till recovering from a prained ankle. 

Brian MorriS/Guardian 
Dana Simone (I) and Vikki Van Duyne hope to celebrate tonight. 


