
· Elegant Dining in 
Mission Beach 
A Review of the Beach House 

Arts/Entertainment, page 12 

Looking to 
The East 
Students Learn to Speak Japanese 

Features, page 10 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 70, NUMBER 13 

Track Qualifies Three 
In Last Meet 
Fourteen Heading to Nationals 

Sports, page 24 

MONDAY, MAY 14, 1990 

'We Haven't Come a Long Way, Baby' 

Author and journalist Linda Ellerbee addressed the topic of the 
role of women in media in her presentation on Friday. 

Linda Ellerbee Speaks on Her 
Experiences as a Female Journalist 
By NICOLA WHITEHEAD 
Staff Writer 

Emmy Award-winning televi-
sion commenta tor, political ob-
server, and author Linda Ellerbee 
spoke Friday at UCSD as part of a 
two-day symposium on "Women 
and the Media: Roles and Represen-
tations." 

In an address spiced with anec-
dotes from her personal experiences 
as a female journalist, Ellerbee 
stre sed that women in the media 
have not come a long way, but rather 
have a long way to go. 

Ellerbee began her career injour-
nalism in the early 1970s, "with that 
first blush of women that, after the 
networks felt the pressure [of af-
firmative action], they began to 
hire. " 

"We were not there because of 
altruism on the part of the networks, 
or stations, or because of any right 

thinking on the part of the FCC. 
Women are journalists because 
of the civil rights movement of 
the' 60s and the women's move-
ment of the late '60 and early 
'70s," Ellerbee said. 

" Don ' t for a moment think 
that they wanted us. There was a 
feeling throughout the industry 
that putting the broads in broad-
casting would flat-out ruin the 
party. And who knows, they may 
have been right," she added. 

Change, Ellerbee argued, has 
not had a rapid effect on women's 
roles in the media. She spoke of 
the " twinkie" image most women 
on television news portray. 

agement is another problem that 
was addressed by Ellerbee. 

"You are meant to notice the 
women on television, primarily so 
you won't notice their absence in 
those rooms marked Executive 
Producer, Vice President, and 
President of the network .... That 
gla ceiling that you've heard 
about certainly exist [in manage-
ment]," she said. 

Ellerbee added that many fe-
male joumali ts are now seeking 
new management positions. 

"When [women] came into the 
business, we were all told you have 
to get out there and pay your dues. 
That was 20 years ago. And now a 
lot of women who do want to be in 
management are watching time and 
again younger, less q ualified men 
being promoted over them. 

Students Hold MeDlorial on 20th 
Anniversary of War Protester's Death 

"If you 've watched television, 
you know whatatwinkie is. They 
are the people you see deli vering 
the news who act the news, and 
model the news. They are the 
people of whom you do not 
worry, 'Have they written the 
new?' You worry, ' Have they 
read it?' They appear to have 
blow-dried their brains right 
along with their hair. 

"I think that television news 
is paternalism at its slickest. Most 
reporters don' t know better be-
cause that is what their boss tells 
them. They tell them that sex 
sells .. . . To young women, they 
give out the message that your 
time is better pent at modeling 
school than at journalism 
school," she continued. 

" How long will it be before we 
have a permanent female anchor 
on the evening news? I don 't know, 
and I really don't care. I am much 
more concerned with how long it 
will be before we have a female 
pre ident of NBC Ne ws, ABC 
News, or CBS News," she said. 

While women 's roles in the 
media have not changed much in 
20 years , neither has the media's 
attitudes towards women, Ellerbee 
claimed. 

A UCSD Student's Act of Self-immolation is Not Forgotten 
By CATHERINE DILLE 
News Editor 

Approximately 20 students held 
vigil in Revelle Plaza l1tursday on 
the 20th anniversary of the death 
of UCSD student George Winne 
Jr., who immolated himself on 
Revelle Plaza to protest the Viet-
nam War. 

On the afternoon of May 10, 
1970, Winne poured gasoline over 
his clothing and set himself on fire 
in Revelle Plaza. Winne was to 

See related editorial 
Page 4 

have graduated that June with a 
degree in Hi tory. 

According to a report in the 
May 11 , 1970 San Diego Tribune, 
Winne carried a sign bearing the 
red-crayoned message: "In the 
name of God, end the war." 

Winne died the following day 
of third and fourth degree bums 
over 95 percent of his body. Winne 
reportedly told doctors he was 
"protesting the war." 

With lit candles and flower , 
the UCSD students who gathered 
Thursday took the opportunity to 

discuss their feelings about the 
significance of Winne's death and 
their ideas of how war can be pre-
vented. 

UCSD student James Field said 
he and others chose to respond to 
Winne's death in the same way as 
UCSD students in 1970 did. 

"[My friends and I] talked about 
what we could do to remember his 
death. The day after he died, people 
spontaneously brought flowers and 
candles [to the place of Winne 's 
death] . We thought we could do 
the same," he said. 

One student added that Winne 
"saw a reality that was true in 
another part of the world and he 
tried to make an impact here at 
UCSD with his own body." 

Muirsenior Mike Flores said he 
did not believe Winne' s death was 
futile. 

"I am not sure Winne died in 
vain. He saw a situation so ex-
treme, he felt he was forced to take 
extreme action. It 's hard to imag-
ine someone doing this today," 
Flores aid. 

Andy Howard encouraged those 
gathered to "think about what will 
help prevent thing like this from 
happening again." 

One student responded that " the 
one thing we can do is to start to talk 
about [war]." 

Field added, "You've got to stop 
war before it happens." 

Students discussed other inci-
See MEMORIAL, page 9 

Discrimination against 
women in television news man-

Ellerbee recalled when she and 
four other women journalists were 
asked to speak at a meeting of the 
Natonal Association of Broadcast-
ers. 

See JOURNALISM, page 3 

Panel Discussion Focuses on the 
Changing Role of Women in Print 
By SHERRY LOWRANCE 
Staff Writer 

Nigerian women writers and 
the social aspects of reading and 
writing were some of the topics 
addressed in a panel discussion 
Friday afternoon on the role of 
women in print. 

The panel, moderated by 
UCSD's Roben Horwitz and 
featuring Wendy Griswold from 
the University of OJicqo. Eliza-
beth Long from Rice University, 
and Sherley Ann Williams from 
UCSD was pan of a two-day sym-
posium about women in the media 
sponsored by Muir Colle&e, the 

Communications Department, 
and the Women' s Studies Pr0-
gram. 

Griswold' s topic of interest 
was Nigerian women novelists. 

"Given the fact that men and 
women experience life differ-
ently and have differing access 
to media, how do Nigerian 
women end up producing the 
novels they do?" she asked. 

According to Griswold. Ni-
gerian writers are not subsidized 
in any way. "Writing is a com-
mercial business only, and the 
novels reflect that," she said 

When asked what the target 
audience was for most Nigerian 

writers, Griswold responded that 
most Nigerian women, although 
not men, said they were writing 
for the Nigerian youth market. 

"They consciously avoid 
writing strictly for women audi-
ences," she said. 

However, if given a choice 
between writing a literary clas-
sic, writing a best-seller, or writ-
ing to inspire social improve-
ment, both Nigerian men and 
women said they would write to 
inspire social improvements, 
Griswold added. 

"Nigerian writers say with-
out a trace of embarrassment 

See PANEL, page 7 



ce UCNEWS J 
UCB Conference of Lesbian & Gay 
Activists Canceled by Foundation 

BERKELEY - A San Franci co foundation ha can-
celed a $225,000 conference cheduled forthissummerat 
UC Berkeley in uppor! of student prote ts for greater 
campus diversi ty . 

The Critical Literacy Institute of San Franci co can-
celed plans for a month-long seminar for lesbian and gay 
activist this summer to demonstrate it support for the 
United Front coalition, which organized a recent two-day 
student strike. 

Luke Adams. executive director of the institute, said 
that UCB Chancellor I. Michael Heyman's lack of re-
o ponse to student demands for campus diversity com-
pelled him to move the seminar to another location . 

"After the strike it became very clear that Chancellor 
Heyman was not even going to honor the calls for good 
fai th negotiating:' Adams aid. ''There is no way that we 
can provide the university with revenues after there was 
no response." 

In a letter to UC Berkeley Conference Coordinator 
Mary Ellen Westphal, Adams said the group was " bound 
to re pecttheterms of and act in solidarity with the United 
Front strike against the campus administration. " 

''I'm thrilled that the institute is showing olidarity for 
our struggle on campus," said Susan Carlton of the Mul -
ticultural Bisexual, Lesbian, and Gay Alliance (MBGLA). 

The month-long basic training seminar for lesbian and 
gay students interested in community activism would 
have brought in almost $250 million - almost five 
percent of the total summer revenue, campus spokesman 
Jesus Mena said. 

"It is always a concern when we lose a program like 
this." Mena said. "We will do our best to mend the fence 
with the group." 

However, the institute would consider holding its 
conference on campus only if the chancellor meets tu-
dent demands to negotiate in "good faith" with the United 
Front, a multicultural coalition of lesbians and gays. 

The university has maintained that it is willing to 
negoliale on the student demands, which include a call for 
theestablishmentofamulticultural, bisexual,lesbian, and 
gay studies center on campus. 

Earlier this month. members of the MBGLA met with 
Carol T. Christ, provost of the College of Letters and 
Sciences, todiscuss the possibility of establishing a bisex-

Calvin and Hobbes 
1'1£ c )l.l£ UP 'It ITIl to. HEW 
S'l51tM toll. \)OIKG 110",10· 

~\(, I CAll IT -HFEcn','£ 
1110\£ 1o\~P-<i£Mt.1-I1." oR 'n t-f 

fOR '5\lO\l.i' 

nllS n ME. l' YI ~to.\.L '< 
GOlt-IG 10 L9.RN 00.1 To 
RIOlO mP-T 81C'1CUO! 

I 0001 'folmi ~ 00 to\'( 
I\OI'IE.'NOR~ . I 'NA\,<~ 10 

\.l,l,~~ ~VH . 

/I 

l'','£ DRP-Wl'l \J\' P- '5C\\1:.i'J1£ 
roll. £Kil. SCI\OOL SIJB.l£.CT. 

~\) I US~ ml5 KIKIIE:l-1 
riMER 10 ~\mR 11\'< 

pp.,CE: 
\ 

ual , lesbian, and gay studies department on campus. 
"This could be the West Coa t's premier bisexual, 

lesbian, and gay studies center," said Liam Kernell, a 
member of the United Front and the MBGLA. "And the 
university would get some attention for creating the 
department." 

Heyman has no intention of meeting with the students 
personally, but other administrators are willing todiscuss 
student demands, Mena aid. 
UCLA Check-Off Fee Initiative 
Falls 300 Votes Short of Validity 

LOS ANGELES - The UCLA undergraduate ballot 
measure calling for continued funding of the California 
Public Interest Research Group (CALPJRG) has failed, 
according to the university 'S activity guidelines. 

Although the initiative received a majority of positive 
votes from undergraduates earlier this month, it fell more 
than two percent short of the 11 percent of the student 
body needed to cast positive votes. 

While the CALPIRG initiative received 2,201 affirma-
tive votes, more than 2,500 positi ve votes were necessary 
for the undergraduate government to recommend to the 
chancellor that the waivable fee be instituted. 

The negative check-off system, by which students who 
choose not to pay the $2 voluntary fee must initial the box 
on their registration fee cards and subtract the amount 
from the total, has helped fund the consumer and environ-
mental lobby group for almost four years. 

Undergraduate council members met recently to ac-
cept the votipg statistics on the CALPLRG referendum as 
accurate. but a decision on any further action was post-
poned. The council is expected to decide whether to 
recommend to UCLA Chancellor Charles Young that the 
fee be implemented. 

The initiative, although 2.3 percent shy of meeting 
universilY guidelines, did receive a majority of po itive 
votes. council members said Friday. 

Because Young has repeatedly stated that he will 
refuse to implement any negative check-off sy tem, the 
C~LPIRG vote wa " largely symbolic," Financial Sup-
ports Commissioner Sam Kaufman said. 

But Kaufman and other officers said they will support 
the implementation of the fee because council members 
must represent students democratically. 

While the bid for CALPIRG funding from the under-
g raduate student body has apparently failed, graduate 
students voted overwhelmingly to continue the fee on 
their registration card statements. CALPIRG supporters 
at that level are waiting to see if Young will challenge the 
student vote. 

'I'rlA\,<1<5 10 
H"'. n~ 
I'.V(\\~ 

I:.fFlc\E.~r, 
~\) "'~ liORl( 
(M5 FP-SI1'<! 

by Bill Watterson 

T\\ER£! "', 
1r\to.'I'rl MtlMl 
IS \Jp! SB 
mE CLOC'K 
FOR. "''< 

SPH.lII-IG 
P-'5SIG\<IM9-IT. 

0\( ? 

ut-'. , 'fOOl/. 
s::.l\kOOLk. CAli5 
FOR SMP-lL~R 
TIl>\[ INCRf.Mtll 
lW-N 1\\\5 
CLOCK CAN 

Io\£A5VI!£ 

1'0 S/'.i W,P-T ~~E.D 
'I'rlE. U t-l£ F1<Q", \ROHIC 

CO\"'C\\)E.!K~ 10 E~tL 
OMm . 

-

-

~UCSDNEWSJ 
Exodus of Jews from Russia to be 
Subject of Public Affairs Program 

The San Diego Public Affairs Committee at UCSD is 
sponsoring a presentation entitled "Exodus 1990: Soviet 
Jewry 's Resettlement in Israel." The keynote speaker will 
be Dan Mor,a member of the Israeli Counsel for Press and 
Information. The event will include a presentation by a 
Russian immigrant on the current revitalization of organ-
ized anti-semitism in the Soviet Union. The presentation 
will be held at 7 p.m. at TLH 107 on Tuesday. 

Seminar Will Address Problems of 
Undergraduate Education on Wed. 

A seminar to discuss the quality of undergraduate 
education, establishing a balance between research and 
teaChing, and the role of students and faculty in educa-
tional reform will be held Wednesday at6 p.m. in Room 
001 of the Cogniti ve Science BUilding. The seminar, 
titled "An Agenda for Change," will feature Paul Von 
Blum, who received the distinguished teaching award at 
UCLA and UC Berkeley. 

Career Info Fair to be Held Friday 
UCSD students who do not have a career direction can 

speak with more than 80 professionals representing vari-
ous occupations on Friday at the annual Career informa-
tion Fair on campus. The representatives will spend three 
hours sitting at tables outside the Career Services Center 
discussing their careers with students. The fair will begin 
at 11 a.m. 

Many of the representatives are UCSD alumni who 
want to help students through the often difficult process of 
choosing an occupation by sharing their own experiences. 

Formore information, stop by the Career Center or call 
534-3750. 

Volunteers Sought for S.D. Project 
On Saturday, UCSD students, staff, and faculty 

members will get a chance to spend a day in the "Hands 
on San Diego" program volunteering in small groups. 
Each group project will focus on a different social issue, 
including homelessness, hunger, the environment, and 
teen drug abuse. For more information and sign-ups, 
contact the Volunteer Connection at 534-1414. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News EdiJor 
and Jason Snell, Associllte News Editor 

GUKKI)IAN 
PHIl GRUEN, Editor In Ch.' 
ROBtN MAC LEAH, "-flIng Editor 
ANTON BrrTNER, ,... Edllof 
BEN BOYCHUK, AuocJ.r. Opinion Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 
DANA CHAtKEN, Sporta EdllOr 
JAMES COLLIER, FNtu,.. Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, New. Ednor 
RANDY DOTlNGA, Copy Editor 
DOREEN ERENEA, A_hi,. FNtu,.. Editor 
LARA HEISLER, ANQChIte ~n""./n_' Editor 
PI. T1'IICtA JETTlE, AttW£",.".".".", Editor 
GAIL JOHNSON, ANQChIte Pho,o EdilOr 
PETER KO, AuochI,. Spom Edllor 
HELENA LENG LOH, AUochl,. ArtalEn"""""",,' Edl'or 
JEFF QUAN, 0,..,,11:. Editor 
JASON SHELL, A_hit. ,... Editor 
AlMAS UZGIRIS, PIlato Editor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, Auochl'. ArtW£n~I_' Editor 
SInIor StIlI W .... : Andrea _an. Mary Belly Hoard. CIrisIlna Huizar. Brian 
now 
SIIIIW .... :.l9/IlAaw1cion ....... IIer1i. W'" 8iI1o. Eric Brosio. L .. Bruvold. ScoIt 
Camer. PIerre de GIIarde, Malinda Hamillon. Juit Heimter. Glac. Lee. Adam 
Lr.y. Dave lhIstrom. James MuIIIner.Josh Odlntz. Mirit P ........ David Poticha. 
Mallhew RasblIld. T ... Rilzuti. lwJlfNI RobIlIns. Malt Aochios, ~ AosenIt1aI. 
Uo< Roz8f1fll3f1. Smalh Sanda. MichaaI ScIro¥artz. Doug ShaddIe. lild.i SphaJle<. 
ChrisSIBins.Jew1SuzIMl. KoWI T-. Nilola Whitehead, Jell Yamagucti 
PhotognIp/IInI: MichaoI ""'ie!. Grog Benes. Jennifer Kolsky. Cory LldscJ1in. Ed lin. 
Fran!< lum. Sue Mapes. BriIn Morrb. Jaime Muldoon. John Ouran!. D.ryt Yee. 
Fetix Zuniga 
1Ius_:MN c-. Milo Cooper. TooyFuentes. Cann LfNI, Mel Marcelo. LaiI1I 
Anne McConnaughey. KIIy Roe. Tyrorne T~ 
TypIIII: KIri BidIea.""" Fawl. Jim Muliner 
Copy ..... : Holy Cooper. Glog HufIsIuaIr. JIje PUZDO. JeuIt Springer 
"'-:Trw:y Brown. ClIIctCllui ....... Hamillon.Charles P .... CirdyWoo. 
Jeff YamogucIlI 
TrIInIng Dk1cIon: St4II Slater, Oavll WyrttK 

BOB DeANOREA, &Mine .. IhNger 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Adwrtl.'ng llelllfger 
.. KE MARTI4EZ, AdNrf/-mg DNIg,., 
E. LEIGH HENRY, etu.1fIed Repre..",."". 
"-Unt EJllCUII .. : Oavll WyMr 
AdvertIIing Alllltlnt Lunnt ~ 

CIr~: JoIvI DlOldo, Jot Lee. Mochele RandoII 
IIIftJCSDCi<a'N!.~IIondaytIl'<ln...ld8ySd .. ""lI!1 .. C.lt"'lo y .. byll'<l 
.. flo sLdlnIJ 01 tx:SO AIptoclJCIion 01 ... _ in If1)' "m. _ in whole or 
in port. wiIhout.,..-1s IIIricfy prdibitod.O 1980." r9l1J_. 
IIIfUCSD_is""'r __ ..... roilJmol..-~Of8ft. n~ 
..... • >eprttHCI in QrIIlhiC$"'" I9'od 1ft". or eornm_ dO "",-.oroi)' rtpr • • 
..... ".oponlonsolIllfUCSDGuMIIIn .... UrtitlSityoiColitomlo.orlht_odSW· 
_oItx:SO Thttoao_iobr_ 

Editorial : 534-6580 Bu.lna •• : 534-3466 Fax : 534-7691 
UCSD Guardian, e-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Monday, May 14, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

JOURNALISM: Author Linda Ellerbee 
Looks at Role of Women in Today's Media 
Continued from page 1 

"Throughout our business we 
have been told, 'You've come a 
long way, baby.' I remember 
being invited to the National 
Association of Broadcast-

the ABC prime time news show, 
"Our World. " A comment Eller-
bee made during a show focusing 
on the year 1973, a pivotal year for 
the feminist movement, sparked 

media, and change. 
"I do know that, as women, we 

haven ' t come a long way, and 
we 're not babies. It's not that 
simple .... I ask.ed myself, 'What 

ers to speak. Five women 
were invited to speak at 
the convention in Las Ve-
gas where 40,000 broad-
casters were cavorting .... 
We were thrilled to be 

'I've learned to do it your 
own way - only dead fish 
swim with the stream.' 

have you learned about 
change, and women, in 
all these years?' I've 
learned to do it your own 
way - only dead fish 
swim with the stream. 

asked, because women had 
never been paid much lltention 
by this organization, as if they did 
not really like to admit we were 
even in it. 

"We got up there to discover 
we had been invited to speak not 
to the broadcasters, but to the 
spouses. Of course, that was a 
long time ago - 1984. We've 
come a long way, baby?" 

Ellerbee described another in-
cident that occurred while she 
was the chief writer and anchorof 

-Linda Ellerbee "I've learned it' s the 
controversy. 

"Isaid, 'Ithink the failure of the 
Equal Rights Amendment to pass 
in this country was proof enough 
that we needed one.' Of all the 
things I said on television, of all 
my time there, that was the only 
time that a network said 'We must 
disassociate ourselves from these 

remark~.' But we've come a long 
way, baby. That was 1987." 

Ellerbee shared with the audi-
ence her reflections on women, the 

cluty of every citizen to 
keep her mouth open. I learned 
that if you don ' t want to get old, 
don ' t mellow. I learned that the 
best things in life aren't things .... 
I've learned that theeasierachange 
is to make, the less it matters .... 
Change, I believe, is a form of 
hope. To risk. change is to believe 
in tomorrow. Only the young can 
afford hopelessness - only they 
have time for it. The rest of us, we 
need our old memories and our 
young hopes." 

Interested in joining the Guardian staff in 1990-91 as Design Editor? 
Applications for the position of Design Editor are being accepted through 5 p.m. 

Saturday, May 19. Duties include compil ing a design manual, advising section editors, 
maintaining a consistent style throughout the paper, and serving as a layout consultant. 

Applications should include a resume, cover letter, and clips, and should be 
submitted to the Editor in Chief's box at the Guardian office. Applications can also 
be sent to UCSD Guardian, c/o Phil Gruen, B-016, La Jolla, CA92093. 

Jettie/Guardian 
The crowd filled the Price Center plaza to capacity at Saturday's New Music Festival. 

MExpress 
Yourself" 

.rl..., 
MtIY .8 

Sun God Lawn 
12-6 

Price Cenler 
7:30 pm-l am 

NEWS 3 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISIS' 

WfVE GOr 
til CUREf 

novelty Items' gift wrapping' balloons· greeting cards 
Large setectlon of gift ilru1. shipping boxes 

!~ 4305 La Jolla Village Drive, UTC Mall o (next to Carlos Murphy's) 
TI. 453-9993 w. I ~, OPEN DAILY 

"(HIP ANO SAtAD BAR Rl-'<;TAlJRAN r<; 

NOW WE DELIVER! 
UCSD PARTIES, 
LUNCHEONS, MEETINGS, 
CALL US! 
551-0100 / FAX 551 -0180 

WELCOME BACKI 
UCSD'S Original Soup Exchange 

Downtown La Jolla, 777l Fay Ave. wants you back! 
Here· •• 

Come 10 downtown La Jolla, show I SO/- OFF 
your student I.D. and we'll give you 70 

Not valid on deliveries. Expires 5/31/90. 

Domino's Pilla will 
delivcr a hot. rrc~h, madc-to-
order pi;l;za to ~O\lr door in 
30 minutes 01 le~~ Guarclll ' 
teefl. Don'tlet anyonc tell 
you differenlly. C(JI.I Domino's 
Pizza. :'Iobody D Iivcrs 
Bettcr'" 

• • rrs TIME FOR DOMINO'S PIZZA.'" CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Ct. 

~------------------I 
PEPPERONI PIZZA FEAST: 

One Medium 
PIZZA 

$8.99~· 
Two Medium I 

OR PIZZAS I 
$12.99 ~· : 

On. medium Domino's ORICINALor PAN Pizn. . I 
loaded with ~ ... tt. rl!ppt'T'Onl and eJ(lr~ o.~ (or 
ONlYSB.99 plus 13'. or gel another one (01' just I 
5-1.00 molY • 

E:~pllft 6/JO/90. Good It ~rttdpilling locations. . ' . I 
N~ good wilh ;tny other 0(('-'1'. 

Umijed doivory .,..10 .n""o .. t. driving. Our OIl .... cany _ t lhan $20. 



-'-'-- ------------- ----------_.---- --------------.. 

4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 14, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN , EdilOr in Chief 
ROBI MAC LEA . Managing Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE. News Editor 
ANTON BITT ER. cws Editor 
DA VID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 
TI~ ueSD GUIU'diafl is published twice \Io etkJ)' lSI tht Unl\-ersllyorCallfom.II. 53n D.c&o. Conlenls C I990. 

V~WS expressed heftln repl'htnllhe rtujorllY \'Ofeo( lhecdllorial board, and Me not Ilt\.'(uanly lhose of the 
UC 8cwt1 of RqenlS. lhe ASUCSD. nor lhe entire GuaT{linn Slaff 

George Winne Jr.: 20 years later 

Reconciling a Passionate Act 
On Thur day, students marked the 20th anniversary of the 

death of George Winne Jr., a young man who set himself on fire 
as a symbolic protest of American expansion of the Vietnam War 
into Cambodia. On May 10, 1970, Winne, a UCSD student, 
immolated himself in the middle of Revelle Plaza in broad day-
light,just as Buddhist monks were doing in Cambodia at the time. 
In front of him was placed a placard which read, " In the name of 
God, end the war." 

Winne' s death is an extreme example of what happens when 
national passion reaches a fever pitch. 1970 was an irrational , 
turbulent era. America was embroiled in a very unpopular war in 
Vietnam - a war which has left deep scars in the minds of the 
millions who witnessed the tunnoil of the time. 

We were a nation divided; many people believed the United 
States had no busine s in Vietnam, while others were quick to 
disagree. Tempers flared , often erupting into violent clashes 
between elements of the anti -war movement and local authori-
ties. Today, we reflect with sorrow on such tragedies a Kent 
State, where four students were shot and killed by national 
guardsmen attempting to disperse protester . 

By 1970, everyone knew the U.S. participation in Vietnam 

Winne's protest, though symbolic of the 
prevailing anger of many Americans, ac-
complished nothing. The bombs contin-
ued to fall ... Thousands of lives continued 
to be lost. The last American helicopter 
didn't leave Saigon untit April 30, 1975, 
almost five years after Winne's death. 

was an exerc ise in futility. That became clear back in 1968 during 
the Tet Offensive, when Walter Cronkite went on national 
television and said the offensive was "the beginning of the end" 
of the war from the U.S . point of view. The decision to expand 
into Cambodia was almost a las t-ditch effort to tum the tide of the 
war to achieve, as Pres ident Nixon put it, "peace with honor." 

Just as American participation in Viemam was futile, so, too, 
was Winne's passionate act. Winne's protest, though symbolic of 
the prevailing anger of many Americans, accomplished nothing. 
The bombs continued to fall in Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia. 
Thousands of lives continued to be lost. The last American 
helicopter didn't leave Saigon until April 30, 1975, almost five 
years after Winne 's death. 

Even after U.S . forces completely withdrew, millions of 
additional lives were lost in Cambodia ' s "killing fields" under 
the brutal Khmer Rouge in the few years following the war, not 
to mention all of the Vietnamese who supported the U.S . in Vi-
emam and, unable to flee the country, were rounded up by the 
Viet Cong for "re-education." 

Winne ' s death , though futile, was not entirely meaningless, 
and it has not been forgotten. Twenty students gathered in a 
candlelight vigil Thursday night at Revelle Plaza to reflect on the 
s ignificance of Winne' s death. To many in attendance Winne' s 
death was a profound statement about something he truly be-
lieved in . 

To some students, he will be remembered as a martyr to the 
anti-war movement - a man who died for a cause he truly 
believed in. To others, he will be remembered as someone who 
died a horrible death for no reason. 

One cannot help but wonder if Winne would have better 
served his cause by fighting for peace instead of dying for it. 

lL 's 15 years after the end of the war, and people are still 
divided about whether or not we should have even been involved 
in the first place. Winne is a tragic symbol of that debate. As 
George Bush said in his inaugural address, Vietnam continues to 
divide us, but now it is time to heal. 

Animals Play an Important Part in Research 
Editor: 

There are some who argue that 
members of mankind are equal to 
rats which are equal to goldfish, 
and so it is inappropriate to do 
animal research. Most of us don't 
agree and continue to fish on the 
weekends. 

ommend that they read Loeb and 
colleagues ' recent paper in the 
JOllrnal of the American Medical 
Association (1989, 262:2716-20). 
Or even simpler, that they go to 
the library, look up Nobel laure-
ates in medicine, and read a little 

of their research. Or perhaps the 
best thing would be to take some 
biology cour es. 

After all, UCSD should be a 
placeofleaming, not a playground 
for the ignorant. 

Thomas E. Hughes, Ph.D. 

But this is a logically consis-
tent argument. South African Democracy? 

The ones offered in your Opin-
ion section last week were not. 
The arguments were that basic 
animal research is of little use to 
medicine. Thi~ is an argument 
based on ignorance. And this a 
very dangerous kind of ignorance. 

For if the antivivisection move-
ment is successful in hindering or 
stopping animal research, it will 
impair or stop the basic research 
necessary to medical advance-
ment. Epidemiology alone, com-
puter models, or health food are 
not going to give us a way to save 
thosethatsufferfromdiseases uch 
as A.I.D.S. 

For those interested in the fun-
damental relationship between 
science and medicine,. would rec-

Editor: 
In a recent speech to Parlia-

ment, President F.W. deKlerk fi -
nally shed some light upon the 
type of government and 
constitution capable of establish-
ing a prosperous and democratic 
South Africa. 

Wisely adopting the concept of 
"power sharing," as opposed to a 
si mple "transfer of power," 
deKlerk underscored the need to 
avoid substituting the tyranny of 
the majority for the present mi· 
nority government. 

Although he seeks full demo-
cratic participation by all South 
Africans as well as equal rights 
and privileges for all citizens, 
President deKlerk recognizes that 

Grad Students Ignored 
By RIMAe Sponsor Vote 
Editor: 

In Thursday's lead anicle ("Administration Approves Search 
for Commercial RIMAC Sponsors," May 10) there is a reference 
to "a referendum in April's AS. general election asking students 
if they approved of commercial sponsorship ofRIMAC in order 
to reduce student fees .. ." I'd like to point out two errors in this 
phrase. 

First, there was no guarantee in the referendum, nor by any ad-
ministrator since, that the enormous fee increase to pay for 
RIMAC will be mitigated at aU even ifmM buys the whole thing 
for us. 

Second, "students" were not asked this question. Undergradu-
ate students were asked, and those grad students like myself who 
tried to make our voices heard on this and other subjects pertinent 
to us were not allowed to vote. In the future, please don't report 
A.S. elections and resolutions as though they reflected the opin-
ions of the students of UCSD. 

Stephen Bloch 

BENSON 

provisions have to be made to 
guarantee all parties against any 
one group 's domination. 

As citizens of the United States, 
we have grown accustomed to a 
well-developed system of checks 
and balances that prevents any 
single individual, race, or group 
from subjugating another. 

Most nations in Africa are not 
so fortunate, having been recently 
dominated by tribal governments, 
military regimes, and one-party 
dictatorships. 

If South Africa is to success-
fully evolve into a truly participa-
tory democracy, it will have to 
adopt a constitution that provides 
protection for the nation 's minori-
ties while guaranteeing equal 
participation by all. 

Fortunately, this is exactly the 
solution President deKlerkoffers. 

Tom W. Rummel 

Winne Was 
Not a Hero 
Editor: 

As much as I abhor war and 
seek constructive alternatives to 
aggression anywhere, I can't help 
but cringe at Walter Schmitt's 
remembrance of George Winne 
Jr. ("Remembering George Winne 
Jr.," May 10). 

My question is: What good 
comes from this "honorable tradi-
tion" of checking out when the 
world becomes too much to take? 
To Walter, George Winne is a 
hero of conviction. To me, he's 
dead. 

Darryl Dinin 

Monday, May 14, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Campus Cultural Diversity: More Than Just a 'Numbers Game' 
By CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 

note speaker. I remember reading an article last year on student 
diversity where a black UCSD student was quoted as 
saying that sometimes he could go through a full day of 
classes without seeing another black student . 

I couldn't possibly believe this was true; it must have 
been an exaggeration. So I thought I'd count for myself 
and see how many black students I saw during a regular 
class day. I kept track fora couple of days - four the first 
day, then maybe five, but I saw my friend Janessa twice 
in one day, and she is black, so is that five or six? Quickly 
I lost track and forgot about the game. 

I was a little late arriving at the conference, and the 
lights were dim when I sat down. As I settled myself in my 
chair and adjusted to the lighting, it occurred to me that 
something was wrong. Well , not necessarily wrong, but 
something was making me feel uncomfortable, at any rate. 

will be the only black student in his philosophy discus-
sion or the only Hispanic student in her chemistry lab, 
knowing that there is a good possibility of not seeing 
another student of his or her ethnic group all day. 

Seem easy? You try it. 
All I know is that I didn't even make it through one af-

ternoon, let alone a whole quarter, school year, or college 
career. 

I was the only white person in the room. 
Suddenly I was the intruder. 

The point is, my attitude toward diversity was that it 
was only a game: a numbers game where people are 
counted and tallied. It never occurred to me that it did not 
matter whether that student saw one or 20 other black 
students in the course of his day_ The ethnic imbalance 
would be uncomfortable and unsettling for anyone in that 
position. 

Granted, my press pass and impending article ostensi-
bly gave me a reason to be there, but even still, I didn't be-
long. Over 200 conference attendees - Asian, Hispanic 
and black - were laughing and calling out their school 

I am appalled that the UC system does not already 
have in place a course curriculum which addresses cul-
tural diversity. If students could discuss issues such as 
what it is like growing up in another culture within the 
United States, and what being of a specific ethnicity 
means to individuals, then perhaps I wouldn ' t have felt so 
lost in the Students of Color conference, and students of 
color wouldn't have as much cause to feel lost within the 
UC system. 

• GiiAimIAN Cl~up • 
chants to one another across the room. 

Growing up, I could only imagine that I would feel 
uneasy in a situation where the racial tables were turned. 
My hometown is more than predominantly white. I'd say 
it's almost exclusively white, with the exception of a 
small Hispanic population and one black family. So I'm 
not really the most obvious spokesperson for cultural 
diversity. But I had an experience last quarter that gave 
me a chance to see how it feels to be "in the minority." 

The atmosphere was charged with a palpable energy as 
the students interacted. So what was the matter withme that 
I couldn't relax along with everyone else and get my story? 
After the opening introductions I left and came back later 
only to cover Justus' speech. 

Steps are being taken at some UCSD colleges to 
implement an ethnic studies requirement, but at the same 
time students at UCLA are picketing their administration 
to keep their ethnic studies majors. UC Santa Cruz 
students, led by their student body president, marched to 
their chancellor's door demanding ethnic studies pro-
grams, and UC Berkeley students are forming coalitions 
to show their administration that they are serious in their 
demands for a diverse faculty and student population. In 
tills coming decade ethnic programs are seriously needed. 

I imagine it must take a lot of mettle for a minority 
student to get up each day and go to class knowing that he 

You might recall hearing something about a Students 
of Color conference. It was held at the Price Center in 
April, and I covered it for the Guardian. It was the first 
time that delegations of ethnic students from all nine UC 
campuses had met to discuss the ethnicity issues that 
affect them, such as retention of black and Hispanic 
students in the UC system and the progress toward ethnic 
studies programs. Professor Joyce Justus, who was in-
strumental in the founding of Third College, was the key-

As I settled myself in my chair and 
adjusted to the lighting, it occurred to 
me that something was wrong. Well, 
not necessarily wrong, but something 
was making me feel uncomfortable at 
any rate. 

Perhaps the university isjust slow to listen to st udents' 
requests, or perhaps the university is too busy playing the 
numbers and quotas game to attend to students' real 
needs. 

I was the only white person in the 
room ... Suddenly I was the intruder. 

The UCSD Guardian Close-Ilp appears every Mon-
day and is writtm by a different staff ,nember eadl 
week. 

The Hypocrisy of Animal Rights Animals and Medical Progress 
Editor: 

The letters from Douglas Anderson and 
Denise Nichols in the Guardian ("Spot-
lighting Animal Research" and "Editorial 
Bought Vivisector Line," May 3), chiding 
animal researchers for not "opening the 
laboratory doors" bring to mind a story 
attributed to Abraham Lincoln about the 
young man who used a shotgun to end an 
argument with his parents. After the jury 
found him guilty, the judge thundered, "Do 
you have anything to say for yourself be-
fore I pass sentence on you for this horrible 
crime, murdering your own mother and 
father?" The young man looked downcast 
for a few moments before he raised his eyes 
to the judge with a thoughtful look and said, 
"Well, I just hope Your Honor will have 
pity on an orphan." 

For years, animal rights activists have 
conducted a steadily·intensifying campaign 
of bullying, harassment, and violence aimed 
at intimidating researchers. 

The tactics of the movement have sunk 
below vandalism and theft, to the level of 
personal threats against scientists, deliv-
ered to UCSD last year on Christmas cards 
addressed to several researchers' homes. 

Given that mainstream animal rights 
groups have repeatedly refused to condemn 
such tactics, and that one of them, PETA, 
funnels money from its multi-million dol-
lar war chest to support the thugs of the 
Animal Liberation Front, isn't it more than 
a bit hypocritical to then suggest that scien-
tists should be more "open" to "question-
ing" by animal rights zealots? This is like 
saying that the ancient Romans should have 
beenmoreopentoque tioningbytheHun . 
In fact, the animal laboratories at UCSD are 
open to any member of campus, system, 
state, and federal inspectors, as well as 
members of Ihe news media. 

As for people like Ander on and Nichols. 
they talk about "asking tough questions," 
but this is a lame preten e; they have obvi· 
ously already decided what they want the 

answers to be. 
One wonders if the students who chanted 

and screamed at the recent animal rights 
demonstration at UCSD also believe that 
binh-control clinics should be "open" to 
pro-lifers. 

Picture the scene: Dozens of stem-look-
ing demonstrators, who have appointed 
themselves "guardians of the innocent vic-
tims," parade around the medical building. 
Speeches are made, heart-tugging photo-
graphs are shown, some of the demonstra-
tors smear themselves with blood (great 
visuals; the news media eats it up). 

As calls are made for those inside the 
building to change their evil ways, the air of 
self-righteousness is so thick you could cut 
it. 

This could be a description of the UCSD 
animal rights demonstration or Operation 
Rescue demonstrating outsjde Womancare. 
The pro-life mob champions unborn chil-
dren, the animal rights mob champions 
rodents, dogs, and monkeys; in all other 
essential respects, the attitudes and reason-
ing expressed by the participants are ex-
actly the same. 

I wonder how many students partici-
pated in both demonstrations? 

But perhaps consistency is too much to 
expect from the sort of thoughtless college 
kids who can be seen at campus cafeterias 
gorging themselves on animal flesh, or at 
malls paying ridiculous prices to wear ani-
mal hide, and then go demonstrate again t 
"unnecessary" biomedical research. After 
all, food and clothes feel good, while to 
tho e in the prime of their phy ical lives, 
chronic disease and death arc distant abo 
stractions, things that happen to others -
to old people, people in poor countries, and 
gays. 

It' easy to make fatuous statement 
about suppo ed alternatives to animal re-
earch when you're young and healthy. 

i n't it? 
Paul Johnston 

Editor: 
The following is a list of only a few of 

the diseases that are currently being suc-
cessfully prevented, treated, or cured as 
a direct result of animal research: 

1. Polio 
2. Diabetes 
3. Coronary heart disease 
4. Rubella 
5. Hypertension 
6. Cataracts 
7. Kidney failure 
8. Measles 
9, Diphtheria 
10. Lock-jaw 
The following is a list of a few of the 

diseases for which researchers are cur-
rently seeking cures, treatments, and 
preventions: 

1. AIDS 
2. Cystic fibrosis 
3. Multiple sclerosis 
4. Alzheimer's disease 
5. Parkinson's disease 
6. Lou Gehrig's disease 
7. Herpes 
8. Cancer 
9. Asthma 
10. Anhriti~ 
Some progress has been made against 

these diseases, however the work of 
medical research is far from done. 

The following methods are being ap-
plied in bio-medical research today: 

I. Tissue culture: Collections of cells 
in vitro can yield information; however, 
the actions of a single group of cells 
cannot represent the systematic com-

plexities of the living body. 
2. Computer simulation: Mathemati-

cal roodeHng using digital computers is 
a valuable tool, but the computer can 
only do what it is programmed to do. If 
the biological data needed to solve a 
certain medical problem is not avail-
able, it will not be found in computer 
hardware or software. 

3. Animals: Information gained and 
theories formed based on previous data 
in the scientific literature, tissue culture, 
and mathematical modeling must ulti-
mately be tested on animals. The final 
testing of new drugs and medical proce-
dures must be tested on animals before it 
is used on humans. 

Animal research is the final and es-
sential step in medical progress. Man 
bas been using animals as a source of 
food andclothing for about 10,000 years. 
Animals have been used in research for 
over 100 years. Animals are being treated 
more humanely than ever before - es-
pecially in the laboratory. Far more 
animals are killed for food and clotillng 
than for research. 

I suggest that animal rights activists 
take a close look at themselves. Do they 
eat meat, poultry, or fish? Do they wear 
leather shoes or belts? One must be pure 
in his thoughts in order not to be hypo-
critical in his actions. If after making 
this introspection, the animal rights ac-
Li vists still feel that we should stop kill-
ing animals, I suggest they go protest 
their local supermarket or shoe store. 

Jack Debes 

The UCSD Guardian welcomes your letters and commentaries. Drop your letter al 
the Guardian offices (on the second floor of the Student Center, obove the General 
Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor, The Guardian, 
1-016, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Letters should be typed, double-spaced, and should include a signature and phone 
number. We reserve the right to edit letters for length and clarity. Deadline for 
letters for Monday's issue is noon on Friday. Deadline for Thursday's issue is noon 
on Monday. 



6 The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 14, 1990 

Sigma Phi 
and 

Pi Beta Phi 

Now! 

ay 19 
eld 

Free Quicken® 
Software 

* PROOKJY 
-.... 

Just buy the PRODIGY® Seroice Start-up Kit 
with Hayes® Personal Modem 2400, and you 
receive this popular money management 
software absolutely free! 

Computer Center 
534-4291 

THINKING ABOUT 
SUMMER SCHOOL? 

THINK ABOUT CHAPMAN! 
• Tran ferable Upper and Lower Division Cour e 
• Open Enrollment 
• Small Cia e 
• General Education Cour es 
• Major Cour es In 

BUSINESS EDUCATION ENGLISH 
COMMUNICA TIONS PSYCHOLOGY 

CHAPMAN 
-----------

YE ! Plea e send the Chapman College Summer School Schedule to me 
immediately! 
Name ____________________________________________ _ 

Addre 
City, State, Zip _________________ _ 

MAIL TO: Anthony Garcia, Director of Summer Session 
Chapman College • Orange, CA 92666 

ISSUES TO CHOOSE FROM: Homelessness/Hunger 
~ Tbe VOLUNTEER CONNECTION presents ••• ~ 

-...- ("D ~ ("D ~ ~ ~ t::' ~ 2 ~ CTQ 
~~ 6: 
-... 
-= I!.: 
--...... 

--
...., 

-~ 
--

-= 3: 
- ~ 

SATURDAY, MAY 19. 1990 '1-1~ 
10 a.m. JI'Ieet at Nee Center rlaza for Kick-oft' 

1 1 a.m.-~ p.m. Hands-On location will differ 
depending on the issue 

5 -7 p.m. Complimentary rtzza Dinner at the Price 
Center Ballroom 

Become aware of some of the unfortunate realities 
taking place on the streets of San Diego and Bxperience 
what a difference you can make ... Be a part of HANDS 
ON San Diegol 
All UCSD students (including those associated with 
campus service organizations, cultural groups, sludenl 
fraternities and sororities) and faculty members are 
strongly encouraged to participatB in this BVBnt.. 

To sign up for HANDS ON, contBct 534-1414 

'Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful. committed ci~lens can change /he world ... Indeed. 
it's the only thing that ever has .• 

c 
en 
("D 

• 
rn 
:z 
c:::: 
-:a 
o 
:z 
== rn 
:z 
--I 
• 

• 
> ;a; 
E 

-Margaret Mead c:; 
11111/111111 111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 

Monday, May 14, 1990 

PANEL: Authors and Poets 
Discuss Women in Print 
Continued from page 1 
that they are inspired by Western 
writers and use them as models for 
their own work," she said, adding 
that the works of Western writers 
are easier to find and more numer-
ous in Nigeria than works by 
Nigeria's own writers. 

Long, the second speaker on 
the panel , discussed the target 
audiences for print and the social 
aspects of reading. 

"When one pictures the image 
of the solitary reader, one isolates 
only a single step in the writing 
process," she said. 

By examining the images of 
women reading in paintings, Long 
noticed that women were often 
depicted in domestic settings read-
ing as a means of escapism. Men, 
on the other hand, are depicted as 
more contemplative and serious 
readers. 

However, Long added, reading 
is not an entirely isolated practice. 

"When reading is seen as a soli-
tary act, it neglects the social infra-
structure," she said. 

Reading has to be taught by 
people, she explained, and habit-
ual reading requires social rein-
forcement. In addition, "social in-
stitutions influence what society 
perceives to be worth reading, and 
other literary values." 

Long also noted that reading 
groups have been historically 
imponant, by "helping to create 
collective memory and a feeling of 
community aidi ng in cultural dis-
semination. " 

Williams spoke about the trials 
she experienced in trying 10 get her 
works published and in the devel-
opment of her writing style. She 

became a teacher"to make a living 
and write as a hobby." However, 
she found that it was possible to 
make a living from writing. 

Williams explained that she 
staned OUI writing fiction , but soon 
found that her sty le "was not what 
was expected from black writers in 
the late '60s and early '70s be-
cause it didn't get people angry 
enough." 

When her stories were rejected 
by one publisher after the other, 
Williams said she staned writing 
poetry. 

Williams summed up her expe-
rience with a quote by singer 
Smokey Robinson: "1f that doesn't 
do it then I'll try something new. " 

Later she published a volume of 
her poems, which was nominated 
for a national book award. 

"It was relatively easy in the 
'70s to get poetry published be-
cause there were so many more 
outlets for poetry than for fiction," 
she added. 

Her second volume of poetry, 
however, was never published. Her 
useof"black vernacular language" 
was seen as unbel ievable to the 
publishers. She feltthat she needed 
to "develop a new kind of diction 
more believeable to the university 
presses," but after struggling to 
develop a new diction, she found 
that she "no longer cared about 
being published by an academic 
press." She then was successfully 
publi hed by commercial presses. 

"The effort I took in trying to 
get my second volume of poetry 
published helped to clear up not 
only what genre I prefertowork in 
but also choice of voice I prefer to 
work with," she said. 

Wendy Griswold's presentation focused on the role of female 
writers in Nigeria at Friday's forum on Women in Print. 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

I .,/ 

::: P1'Ff(e.~ Y()'\R$ELP'::: 
/ FRIDAY MAY 18,1990 

CARNIVAL: SUNGOD LAWN 12:00 PM - 6:00 PM 
CONCERT: PRICE CENTER 7:30 PM - 1 :00 AM 

Info Table Around Campus May 14 - May 17 
Bring Student ID for Admission. Maximum One Guest. No Alcohol Allowed 

, 
Sponsored by : ASUCSD and • Apple Computer Inc. 

.t! ~:t-f';]S:. 
illiOli!:. 40 1± (/) Il!B)j~ . i\UIJililf 

. H • • 
* III (/)*!It 0 J: U*!It~'!:1992~3!'!:n- I~~. 
(Bachelor J,U(/)!ltnUIHII) 'J':r(/)i1~!E 
.. "'. ene_t-!. ~J,u: ,((/)l1ilt$lo'J:lil . I ~Cllf';] . ;IJ~ 

c {, 1~ "'I± -r-IIII.tJl (i'~ IJ""I;U 400. f';]tJ,,,, 
I ~ ¥ 20.000 :l-C~It"'J':r) 
.0.iC~nili. 

.~~-Cn.~h<~~L~ •• ~~~(/)~ . ~1± 
J: '--' iii I) ill L..::;t. II! L. _tH:f"t • 

~SELnatE 

. 0ML'tt.>tt. 
1? Jv'?- - ~ I lk*tl !ll1I .... d 

t!l~/~Il . 11f1l ·1H . ;tllo' 
TEL. 1- 800 - 537- 2186(Toll Fr •• ) 
if r:l~ 03- 234 - 507 1 

8:$~IIoV9 00-18 00 
. IlI! l~ ill&tJ< ":)IJ'~L ' lI'8: IJ , TlclW '1""7< A" 

':- ill& < t::~ L'. 
tr'v'7-- ~ U S. A NY:t"7<A 

t§§ /;II II 
TEL 1- 800 - 344 -724 I(Toll Fr •• ) 

:f1:1~ 212 - 986 - 5520 

I #1JCM*4 II3CiM. -$ftJ~ ~ V I-*:-::;:-:,~ ~...;... ~.;;.:~~~_:_~_I ~ "";'~~;"I~-,*-:f-T-. 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 14,1990 

The UCSD Guardian Photo Department 
Announces the First Annual 
A Day In the Life Of UCSD 

Photography Contest 
GROUP OISCUSSlorJ TOPICS Friday, May 31 - 24 hours 

"'{~ 8. "-!' ~:=:fI\8"\ se~u .. ' Ie 
cate6t fu\\1 ~~ \$Sues 
\n\et\\a\ I..O::t '.sues 
f'aeeIGe" 

Date, Saturday, Mar 19, 1990 
Place: Intemationa Center 
TIme, 9 a.m.-Noon 
RefreshlN!ntslLunch solVed 

Open to the entire UCSD communityf the 
contest will be iud," by a panel Of 
professional pl'iotoioumalists. Winni;J 
en.tries willa;. published in the Gua ian. 

ALL wnCOtWf"· RSVP REOUESTED (fort:Morlng con __ 1 
CMI_ -. s:u..u. by"'y 15111 

SPONSORED BY 0 G S R 
Entry forms and information are available 
at the GuardIan. 

Open 6 days a week - Gone fishing on Sundays! 

One Hour 
Enlargements! 
7523 Fay Ave. .£. 
(Vons Center) • 459-0696 

For more info, 
call Rimas or 
Gail at 
534-6582 

Help Save ,.he 
Enviornmant 

It's As Easy as 1 -2-3 
1 . Precycle .. . 
2. Recycle ............ . 
3. Preserve .. . 
To Be ••• Ore Not To Be 
Do you know that recycling one aluminum can can save up 
to 95% of the energy needed to make aluminum from 
virgin ore. 
Ore how about this one ... recycling just one aluminum can 
will operate a te levision for 3 hours. 

Yep, it adds up ... and you can help! Look for the recycling 
b inS throughout the Student Center and the Price Center 
and do your part to help save the enviornment. Newspaper, 
g lass are aluminum--do your part! 

Sponsored By: 

Senior 
Class 
Gilt 
1990 

Associated 
Students 
ofUCSD 

7k 
;;7~ 
eo.-op.-
University 
Center 
Board 

THIS YEAR, THE SENIORS 
ARE RAISING THE ROOF ..• 

Recycle Bins are located around the Price Center and Student Center 

'111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 1111111 

Monday, May 14,1990 

MEMORIAL: Student 
Who Burned Self to Death 
On Revelle Is Remembered 
Continued from page 1 
dents of students being arrested or 
killed while engaging in forms of 
protest. 

One student held a red flag 
which he said symbolized the 
aggression that causes people to 
fight against one another. This was 
what Winne was protesting, ac-
cording to the student. 

According to Howard, the A.S. 
allocated money to erect a plaque 
for Winne. However, he said, " the 
administration said 'No.' .. 

As evening fell , the number of 
those gathered around the shrine 
grew, as did the numberofcandles, 
flowers, and newspaper articles 
covering Winne's death. 

captain , said his son had been 
named the outstanding member of 
an ROTC unit at the University of 
Colorado School of Mines in 1967 
and described his son as very sen-
sitive and gifted. 

Winne reportedly held a 2-S 
student deferment in the Selective 
Service System, which excluded 
him from military service. 

Patrick Crampton, a friend of 
Winne's for several years, told the 
Tribune that Winne said he did not 
want to be made a political martyr. 

Crampton said Winne was a 
spiritual, highly opinionated per-
son who acted on his principles, 
the Tribune reported. 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

Warren Sophomore Senator 
Patrick Dwyer commented that he 
wa. surprised no other A.S. coun-
cil members attended the memo-
rial. 

At the hospital, Winne said he 
hoped his sacrifice would help call 
the attention of the world and in 
particular President Richard Nixon 
to the horror of the war, the Times 
reported. 

Brian Morri Guardia" 
UCSD students placed candles on the spot in Revelle Plaza where Winne set himself on fire . 

Winne killed himself amid the 
general dissatisfaction that stu-
dents around the country were ex-
pressing over U. S. involvement in 
Vietnam. Only a short time before 
Winne's death, Governor Ronald 
Reagan had called for the four-day 
closure of all colleges in the UC 
and state university system be-
cause of student unrest. 

According to reports by the Los 
Angeles Times on May II, 1970, 
Winne's father, a retired Navy 

Brian Murrls/Gllardia" 

Andy Howard asked those 
gathered to think about ways to 
prevent such incidents from 
recurring. 

University Bookstore Computer Center 
Apple Days Sale May 1-31, 1990 

Mac Plus (complete with keybOllrd) Mac SE with 20 Mb hard drive" MacSFJ30 with 40Mb bard drive" 

$917 $1785 

'Koyboo>dmwl be puUIuod..pono:ly. 

Mac 1101 with 40Mb bard drive·· Mac lid wltb 40Mb bard drive·· 

$3407 

A 2 % discount will be 
given for cash purchases. 

Monitors 
Monodlrome $270 

Color $678 

Printers 
LMerWriIAlr nsc $1835* 
LMerWriterJlNT $3055** 

'.' ..... ' :. 

$4427 

Two-Pace $1121 Portrait $750 

Keyboards 
Appleexlended keyboard $158 

For additional information call 534-4291. 
Prices effective May 1-31 only. Please ROrer 10 eligibility ~uiremenu. 



10 FEATURES Th e UCSD Guardian 

Features 
ON COlLEGE STUDENTS' INTEREST IN JAPAN: 

'We imRort bill ions of dollars of their goods each year ... Students are more 
aware of the increased hegemony of Japan than, say, three to four years ago.' 

-Ron Arrajj, Muir College senior 

Ron Arrajj with one of the many Japanese publications he reads. "You have to know about 2, 000 characters to read a 
newspaper, • he said. 

When Young People Went Looking For Their Fortune, 
The Old Adage Was 'Go West. ' However, as Japanese 
Businesses Flourish, More College Students Are ... 

LOOKING EAST 
• Story by Sangccta Mehta, Guardian Reporter 

Traditionally, Romance languages have captured the 
interest of tudents wishing to gain command of a second 
language. Currently, however, the number of students 
learning the Japanese language is skyrocketing. 

In the academic year of 1983-84, 119 UCSD under-
graduates were enrolled in Japanese studies classes. This 
year's total has reached 838, and the department's pro-
jected enrollment for 1990-91 is 929 students. 

Students ofJapanesedescent are not the only ones intent 
on developing a a knowledge of Japanese language and 
culture. 

"People of all different backgrounds, majors, and ages 
are taking Japanese," said Veronica Sison, a Japanese 
studies student. 

Lecturer Masato Nishimura said the "explosion" in the 
number of students wanting to learn the language is due to 
an interest in Japan 's rapidly growing economy. 

"Japanese companies are developing in San Diego and 
all overthe U.S.," he said, "[and they] look for people who 
can peak the Japanese language." 

These companies include Sony, Mazda, Mitsubishi , 
Yamaha, Seiko, Nishin Steel Company, and Nikon. 

"The companies often find their place in rural areas of 
the U.S., particularly in the South and Midwest, and create 
many jobs," Ni himura explained. 

Noting that more Japanese bank and pecialized elec-

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
Catherin Weldon is one of the 838 students at UCSD 
studying Japanese. 
tronics companies are being established in the United 
States, Nishimura said, "Wecnn safely say that the number 
of Japanese companies will increase in the future ." 

Muir College enior Ron Arrajj, who studied in Japan 
last year, said, "Japan is much more economically power-

ee JAPAN, page 11 

Monday, May 14, 1990 

Committee 
Stresses 
Awareness 
Group Screens 
Political Films 
By MICHELLE MADHOK 
Guardian Reporter 

Awareness. That's what mem-
bers of the Committee for World 
Democracy say they are all about. 

For 15 years, this non-hierar-
chical committee has been striving 
to educate the UCSD student body 
about the political confrontations 
both in our own community and 
the world around u . CWO works 
on its education of the public by 
holding screenings of specially 
chosen films on Fridays at TLH 
107. 

In 1974, Cecilia Ubilla-Arenas 
arrived at UCSD as a graduate 
student and a Chilean refugee. She 
worked with other refugees to show 
films about the political turmoil in 
Chile. 

Eventually, Ubilla-Arenas said, 
these films began to appeal to other 
people. The screenings gradually 
became a weekly event, and the 
films started to cover conflicts in 
many different parts of the world. 

"We wanted to create aware-
ness of the lack of democracy in 
other countries," said Ubilla-Are-
nas. 

Today, the gro up consis ts 
mainly of five students and several 
staff members. Students SteveRus-
50S, John far Kerlee, He len 
O' Donne l, Mike Schauer, and 
Erika Stille work wi th Ubilla-Are-
nas and Byron Morton to choose 
and show the fi lms. 

Ubilla-Arenas is now the direc-
tor of the OASIS language pro-
gram and doesn't work as closely 
with the group as she used to. 
However, she has noticed some 
changes over the years. 

She said that the fiims have 
moved away from political issues 
to more personal interests. Al-
though she is very proud of what 
the committee is accomplishing 
she would " hate to see the series 
move completely away from po-
litical issues." 

She said she believes that the 
poli tical awareness on college 
campuses is very poor and that 
people need to understand the 
world around them. 

Ubilla-Arenas wants the fil ms 
to support the theory that the uni-
versity "oughtto free for all ideas." 

The films present various ideas. 
The politics of sex and racial dis-
crimination are also part of the 
committee's realm of education. 

"Wi th each week's movies 
we're attempting to addre s very 
particular constituencies, such as 
organized labor, the women 's 
movement, the gay and Ie bian 
rights community. environmental 

See FILM , page IS 

Monday, May 14, 1990 T h e UCSD Guardian 

JAPAN: UCSD Students Looking East 
Continued from page 10 
fulthan any other country now." 

"Japan is investing a lot in the 
U.S.," &aid Japanese studies stu-
dent Kevin Tachiki. "So there are 
many Japanese firms in the U.S." 

According 10 Forbes magazine, 
the United States is actually Japan's 
biggest customer. 

"We import billions of dollars 
of their good each year," Arrajj 
said, adding that "student are more 
aware of the increased hegemony 
of Japan than, say, three to four 
years ago." 

Sison said the result of Japan's 
"up-and-coming status" is that 
increasing numbers of students at 
UCSD are interested in learning 
the Japanese language. 

"Because of Japan's ties with 
the U.S. and its increased power," 
she said, "a firm command of the 
Japanese language will be impor-
tant in years to come." 

The Japanese studies depart-
ment has grown tremendously in 
recent years. 

"When I started taking Japa-
nese, there were only two sections 
to choose from. Now there's 
seven," Tachiki said. 

While UCS D currently only of-
fers a Japanese minor, Tachiki 
expects that in a few years there 
will be a Japanese major. 

The Japanese language classes 
at UCSD focus on speaking in 
add ition to reading and writing. 
Students go to class five days a 
week and learn through "educa-
tional packets" consisting of gram-
mar exercises and a textbook fi lled 
with stories. 

Unlike English, the Japanese 
language has three alphabets: Hira-
gana, Katakana, and Kanji. 

"You have to know about 2,000 
characters to read a newspaper," 
Arrajj said. " Intensive Japanese 
students learn about 900. " 

Jennifer K Olsky/GlIardian 

'Yes, Japanese is 
difficult to learn, 
but it's also a lot of 
fun and highly 
beneficial to know.' 

-Catherine Weldon 

Sison added that "we also learn 
about practical things: the customs, 
Japanese sayings, what people do 
in daily life." 

Aside from the textbook work, 
Sison said Japanese language stu-
dents take part in skits and "show 
and tell" presentations. 

In addition to the Japanese stud-
ies department's language classes, 
the Anth ropology, Economics, 
History, Political Science, and 
Sociology Departments offer 
classes focusing on Japan itself. 

Catherine Weldon, a Third 
College student, spoke highly of 
an anthropology class she is taking 
that focuses on postwar Japan. 

"It covers a lot of the popular 
culture and day-to-day events -
how they look at family, educa-
tion, leisure," she said. 

In 1988, UCS D opened the In-
ternational Relations and Paci fic 
Studies (IRPS) graduate school, 
which. Nishimura said, "teaches 
excellent courses on Japan." 

" [RPS attracts many professors 
who are well known," Tachiki said. 

Aside from providing the usual 
local newspapers, the IRPS library 
al 0 offers a number of Japane e 
newspapers. 

Students interviewed said they 
took classes in Japanese for a vari-
ety of reasons. 

"I have a friend who went to 
Japan for a year. She came back 
speaking fluently and got me inter-
ested," Sison explained. 

Weldon said she took classes 
in Japanese because she has "al-
ways been fascinated" with the 
written characters of the Japanese 
language. 

Tachiki explained that he ini-
tially started taking Japanese be-
cause he is of Japanese descent and 
wished to satisfy his general edu-
cation requirements. 

"But then my interest grew,and 
I thought I could use it as a supple-
ment when I graduate," he said. 

Tachiki said he plans to go to 
Japan after he graduates and hopes 
to either attend school or teach 
English there. 

But he is leaning towards teach-
ing "because teaching English pays 
very well and going to school in 
Japan is very expensive." 

Arrajj explained that he became 
fascinated by Japan after he re-
ceived a packet from the Educa-
tion Abroad Program (EAP) office 
during his first year at UCSD. 

The package piqued his inter-
est, and he "instantaneously" de-
cided to apply to go to Japan 
through EAP. 

Arrajj was accepted into the 
EAP program, and went to the In-
ternational Christian University in 
Mitaka, near Tokyo. He also stayed 
in Tanegawa and Tsuruda. 

Arrajj is currently hunting for a 
job with a Japanese firm and has 

See J APAN, page 19 

Interest in the Japanese culture at UCSD is increasing. "When I started taking Japanese, there were 
only two sections to choose from; now there's seven,· said Kevin Tachiki. 

FEATURES II 

ATIENTION GRADUATES! 
The Residence Inn by Marriott La Jolla 

the closest hotel co the UCSD campus 

$89QQ t125QQ 
one-bedroom suite two-l'edroom suite 

Your big day Is Just around the comer! Make reservaUons early for your 
incoming ramily and friends at the Residence Inn by MamoU La Jolla. 

They will enjoy spacious one- and two-bedroom suites with fully 
equipped kitchens and living rooms. Also. they can treat tremseJves to our 
complimentary breakfast each morning. 

The Residence Inn by • Located Just southofUCSD 
Marriott La Jolla I. . . on Gilman Drtve 

I 
PIea.se metUiort lhLs ~rt£Sernenl 
to f'f'Ct"UJe ,pedal raL~. 

8901 GUman Drive, La JoUa, CA 92037 (6 19 ) 587-1770 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

HOURS: 11 - 10 30 Sun ·Thurs . 
11 11 Fri . & Sat 

l.. 
\ " 

- < 

LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd .. Ste. 108 
(In Von's Shopping Cenler) 

, ,-\ . .~ .. 
. , 

.. 

. 

-

" 

--------------------1 1 
1 25°/0 OFF~~~::'~I~ I 1 7C large frozen yogurt 1 
1 Void wnh any other offer. Toppings not included. Expires 5/20/90. 1 L ____________________ ~ 

SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE 
BACK PACKS 

WA 65 REG . $119.99 NOW 79.99 
WA 63 REG . 129.99 NOW 89.99 
WA 68 REG. 139.99 NOW 99.99 

INTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 
DUPONT CORDURA • LIFETIME WARRANTY 

"FAMOUS TRAILS" - "MEl" - -EAGLE CREEK" 
"EASTPAK" ALL AT LOW DISCOUNT PRICES 

(~;,·2000ha~~·i ~;~.-I~g: .'\ 
• gage. packs carts. money behs. pass- , 
: pon holders. neck PIllows. voltaoe .. 
t convertors - 300 much. much morel , .. ..:. 
' _ ............... ....... .................................. . 

1539 Garnet, Pacific Beach 483-1421 
Mon-Frl10 a .m.-6 .m. Sat & Sun 10 a.m.-S 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HA VE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENT 

CALL 279·5955 
D' AGNESSA Insurance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave. See. 215 
an Diego, CA 92111 

ALSO: MEDICAUDENTAUTRAVEL INSURANCE 

r~-------------------, I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
1 
1 
1 

2 TANS 1 
I 
I 
1 
1 
I 
1 
1 
I 1 TRIM & TAN· UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct · 455-0909 1 

1 __ -..:aciflc Bea~ Mission valle~~ COile::.' Sports A~ ~ncinit~ __ 1 

: Lose 6" Guaranteed! : 
I European Body Wrap -Only $48 1 
1 Not a temporary water loss. Reduce celluite and streIch marks. 1 Call lor delals • 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 • FISt-tome ctienIs 
L ExpI,.. 611190 • 
-------------------_ .. 



12 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 14,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

ts Entertainment 
'Film Society' Examines the Flip Side of Apartheid 
By JUUE SHERMAN 
Contributing Writer 

The word "apartheid" usually 
conjures mental images of the tragedy 
and horror that afflict the black 
community in South Africa. In Jon 
Robin Baitz's play, "The Film Society," 
the playwright takes a different 
approach: Ihe way in which apartheid 
affects a group of white educators. 

Runnin g at the North Coast 
Repertory Theatre until June 2, the 
play spotlights two teachers in the 
1970s who both know that the system 
they grew up in is morally wrong. The 
performance uulizes the background 
of apartheid to discuss these conflicting 
issues. 

portrayal of Terry Sinclair, who rebels 
against the system by inviting a black 
reverend to speak at an all-white boys' 
school. When the reverend is arrested 
and later dies of a "heart attack" in his 
cell, Sinclair becomes enraged with 
the prejudice that pervade his world. 

Jonathan Balton, played brilliantly 
by Brian Salmon, is Terry's best friend 
and an instructor at the school. Yet as 
the events of the perfonnance unravel , 
we realize that Balton would never 
have the courage to stand up for what 
he knows is right. As a result, he 
immerses himself in his film society in 
ordertostay away from the controversy. 

the poignant play that won the 1989 
Dramatists' Guild Award for Best Play. 
The acting talents of Salmon are superior; 
as his character becomes more complex, 
he gets even better. When the character of 
Balton is given the chance to make changes 
in the school , he crumbles under the weight 
of any opposition, bringingto the show his 
character's tendency to back down and let 
others take action . What makes this 
perfonnance stand out is that Balton's 
innate weakness is just as much a tragedy 
as the subject of apartheid. 

TIlEATER: ''The Film Society." Currently 
running Thursdays through Sundays until June 
2. Perfonnance times at 8 p.m. except for 
Sundays. at 7 p.m. Two Sunday matinees: 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 13 

... s 
Party in Pacific Beach! 

square dancers do-si-
doing to such classic 
tunes as "The Yellow 
Rose of Texas." 

Michael Seewald/courtesy of NCRT 
McLean, Bender Lust, and Salmon play South African educators in "The Film Society." Stuart McLean gives an energetic 

The play starts out a bit dry, but as 
the actors finally begin to senle down 
into their characters, their production 
of "The Film Society" gives justice 10 

May 20,27. 1icketprice $) Oon Thursday and 
Sunday, $12 Friday and Sawrday. For more 
infOJrnatiOll, calJ481-1OSS. 

Last weekend's Pacific 
Beach Block Party , 
which was sponsored by 
the likes of 91 X and KGB 
was quite a success. 
Garnet Avenue was 
packed with bathing suit 
clad locals who were 
taking in the sunshine 
while browsing booths 
and enjoying the free 
entertainment. 

At the 91X booth,two 
women with lots 0' 
hairspray and hardly any 
clothes were giving away 
special 91 X bumper 
stickers to a huge crowd 
of fans. 

The KGB booth was 
right in front of the newly 
remodeled Improv 
comedy club, and many 
listeners were excited to 
meet some of the 
afternoon OJs in person. 

,-------------------, I 
I 

It's game time, boys and girls! Just connect the dots, 
clip out the quiz, and drop it into the envelope on the 
HIATUS office door in the Guardian offices, 2nd floor, 
Student Center. You could win a nifty compact disc! 
Wouldn 't that be nice? Entry deadline is 5 p.m. on 
Wednesday. (Here's a hint: it should read "CEMA," the 
distributors who provide Assorted Vinyl with the prizes ... ) 

1 8 9 11 13 16 2 

• • • • • • • 
.7 

• • • 6. • • 12 • • • 3 4 5 10 14 15 17 
NAME: PHONE#: 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Congratulations to last week's winner - KIM BALCH 

Assorted Vinyl has graciously contributed 
the prizes for this weekly quiz. 

~-------------------~ 

Blissful Eating at the Beach 
By MARIE PASTERNAK 
Sto/fWriter 

There's a place in San Diego that is a people watcher's paradise on 
any unny Sunday morning. Volleyball players, lots 0 ' neon, ro ller-
blades, transients. tourists, and tans, together creating a picture more 
action packed than any movie. These images are commonplace at the 
boardwalk in Mission Beach. The prime place to watch it all is The 
Beach House Restaurdnt. 

Of course, this is only half of the picture because dinner at The Beach 
House brings an entirely different scene. There's also a beautiful 
romantic element to be experienced when sitting on the open deck, 
feeling the fresh ocean breeze and viewing a breathtaking sunset. This 
is a perfect place for visiting parents, birthdays, dates and graduation 
dinners. 

While the evening atmosphere is elegant, it is not stuffy, and 
maintains the mood of its beach surroundings , becoming what Beach 
House owner ClydeJenkins describes as "casual elegance." This is what 
he aimed for in building his restaurant - a nice place where you don ' t 
have to get dressed up. "It 's a place where people can come and totally 
relax," l enkins said. 

The Beach House is primarily a seafood restaurant, offering fresh 
fish, stuffed shrimp, crab legs, and lobster tail , as well as beef, chicken 
and veal. Entrees come with a choice of rice or potatoes and soup or 
salad. There are also pasta dishes such as linguini with clam sauce, 
seafood fettuccine, and a special lobster pasta. The pasta is all freshly 
made at the restaurant by chef Rudolph Deitz. 

and st;rvice, but also fantastic 
scenery. 

Breakfast and lunch prices 
are a little more modest. 
Lunches, featuring burgers, 
sandwiches, soup, and seafood 
salads, range between $3 and 
$10. Brunch offers a selection 
of omelettes and a highly rec-
ommended Beach Houseorigi-
nal called "Mission Beach 
Breakfast Skins." nese are 
potato skins stuffed with 
scrambled eggs and bacon cov-
ered with melted cheese. An-
other popular item is the 
"Raisin Nut French Toast," 
made with a special bread that 
also comes with all entrees . 
Brunch prices range between 
$4 and $8. These aren't quite 

Dennys ' prices, but relaxing in the sun and watching the waves break is a lot nicer than 
being surrounded by orange and green vinyl. 

The food is fresh and of high qUality. Chef Rudolph Deitz comes insured with a 
good reputation, having once worked as a chef at New York City's world-renowned 
Tavern On The Green in Central Park. 

Patricia Jeltie/Guardian 

Vocalist Julie Ritter of Mary's Danish at the New Music 
Festival last Saturday. 

of visits to the restaurant he makes you feel like an old friend. 
The actual Beach House building has a long history. It was built in 

the 1920 as a bath house and has gone through a succession of 
residences and restaurants. Now it appears that thelenkins' have found 
a worthwhile purpose for the old bath house; a restaurant that is a 
perfect combination of great atmosphere, food , service, and a personal 
touch that makes The Beach House is a very special place . 

The Beach House is located at 3750 Ocean Front Walk at Pismo 
Court. It you're not fa.niliar with the area, call for directions because 
from the road it's a little difficult to find. Parking is no problem, there 
is a large lot provided for Beach House patrons. There's also a bike 
rack out front, and for Sunday morning brunch this is definitely a 
preferable form of travel. 

Brunch is served daily from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m., lunch from 11 a.m. to 
3 p.m., and dinner from 4:30 to 9 p.m. (weekends until IO p.m.). The 
restaurant is closed Monday evenings. 

This entertaiment 
ranged from bands 
performing to beauty 
pageant contestants 
strutting. The festivities 
even included a group of 

Dinner prices are not cheap at The Beach House, but they are 
competitive. Entrees range between $13-$22. This is fairly reasonable 
forthis type of restaurant considering you're getting not only good food 

Service at the Beach House is very good, perhaps a result of the continuous pres-
ence of restaurant owners Clyde and Linda Jenkins. Jenkins claimed that, "When you 
walk into that door it's like you 're walking into my home." This is certainly not an 
exaggeration. Arriving at 5 a.m. Clyde Jenkins spends about 17 hours a day at his 
restaurant making sure that it's being run the way he wants and that his guests are 
treated right. Much of that time is spent meeting with, and talking to his patrons. A 
friendly man, Jenkins remembers people by their first name, and after only a couple 

Reservations are definitely recommended for dinner and Sunday 
brunch, and necessary for parties of six or more. For reservations or 
infonnation, call 488-6706. 

Kendy Hurdl GuardiaIJ 

Engineer 
ASSOCIATE APPLICATIONS 

ENGINEER 
SALES SUPPORT 

LorallnstrumenlatJon. one of 22 divisions of 
Loral CorporatJon. dedicated to the design 
and manufacture of sophisticated 
measurement and analySiS avioniCS and 
telemetry instrumentation. has an immediate 
opening for an AssocIate (entry level) 
ApplJCauons Engineer. 
The successful candiclate Will team With U 
sales engine81s to provide ted1nJCal support 
for product demonstrallons 10 customers 
across the United Slales (25% lIavel). You 
Will also be demonstrating applications and 
delIVering ter:hntcaJ presenlallons to 
customers in support of both 3Vlonics iWld 
telemetry products. 
Requirements include BSCS or cfosely 
relaled <4-year led1nical degree (or 
equivalent work experience). strong commu· 
nlC3uon skJUs. lhe ability 10 worn enectively 
wiIf1 a WIde range of people. and knowledge 
and experience w~h C and UNIX. 
If you wanllo worl< In a chall~ng,"g . fasl 
paced organlzabOn lhat offers compeutive 
salary and !Jef1efns and that encourages 
creative cor1trlMons from every employee. 
then please send your cover lener and 
resume 10 

Professional Staffing 
LORAL INSTRUMENTATION 

8401 Aero Dnve 
San DiegO, CA 92123·1720 

Equal Opporninlty Employer 

The UCSD Summer Session 
first five-week session begins 
July 2 and the second five-week 
session begins August 6. 
An exciting range of courses from 
virtually every campus department is 
offered . Catalogs are avail able no~... For 
your free copy, drop by the Summe;' 
Session Office , UCSD Extension 
Complex, Build ing A, Monday throu9h 
Friday, 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. or phone 
534-4364 . 

'-•• --~r=J 
UNIVE~SITY OF CAl!FO~NIA SAN DIEGO 

The Ultimate Cut! 
~t jUL?ltjlLtaI at a /twx y(W {(¥~tU fund 
/"- al< ,.,/<7<£1,,:/ luut cui 4(U<IKe 
yu.a6.ty haa ,?utjthv.> al j!:w,? . ;tukuk>. 
Men's Cuts .......... $4 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $21.00 

Women's Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $26.00 

with selected stylists 

*PRICES INCLUDE 
graphic cut, shampoo,conditioning 

and professional styling 

457-3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Drive 

located 
III the III Jolil Vi/lag, Shopping Center 

A crowd enjoying the Pacific Beach Block Party. 

San Diego 's Garment District 
p resents a 

FACTORY OUTLET CLOTHING 

BLOWOUT SALE!! 
Everything Priced 

50ok·90% Below Retail! 
Men's - Women's 

-Kids 
Our brand names cannot be mentioned due to incredibly low prices!! 

r - - - - -~- - - - -, 
: 10% DISCOUNT: 

Jeans $10 ... Shorts $3 &: up ... weaters $3 &: up 

for IIllIudtnls • faculty .J L __________ _ Tops $3 &: up . )wealS $3 &: up ...• hoes $2 &: up 

Friday & Saturday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m .• Sunday from 12 noon to 5 p.m. 
Apparel Designer Zone 
Go 4 lights east of the 805 off Miramar Rd. to 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 
Hotline: 450-3323 

SALEI .% 
- • J 
.... J 

" 

., 



J4 T he UCSD Guard ian 

OFFICE WITH A VIEW 
The Peace Corps is an exhilarating two year ex-

perience that will last a ·lifetime. 
Working at a p rofessional level that ordinarily might 

take years of apprenticeship back home, volunteers find 
the career g rowth they' re looking for and enjoy a unique 
experience in the developing world . 

Internationa l firms a nd government agencies value 
the skills and knowledge mastered during Peace Corps 
service. 

ON CAMPUS THIS WEEK 
INFO BOOTHS: Tuesday thru Thursday, May 15-17 

On the · Hump· & At Price Center 
9am - 1:30pm 

WOMEN IN DEVELOPMENT: A FILM & DISCUSSION SEMINAR 
Tuesday, May 15 - Career Services Center Conference Room 

2pm -4pm 

OVERSEAS OPPORTUNITIES FOR MATH/SCIENCE MAJORS & MINORS - A SPECIAL SEMINAR 
Wednesday, May 17 - Career Services Center Conference Room 

2pm - 4pm 

FILM & DISCUSSION SEMINAR: MEET RETURNED PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEERS 
Thursday, May 16 - Career Services Center Conference Room 

2pm - 4pm 

INTERVIEWS: Wednesday and Thursday, May 30-31 
Career Services Center 

APPLICATIONS MUST BE COMPLETED PRIOR TO INTERVIEW 

SENIORS APPLY NOW! 

For applications or more Information visit your Career Services Center or call Peace Corps 
c ollect at (213) 209-7444 ext. 110. 

Peace Corps 
The Toughest Job You'll Ever Love. 

Monday, May 14, 1990 

FILMS 
Continued from page 10 
activists; and a gamut of progres-
sive concerns," commillee mem-
ber Byron Morton said. " We see a 
dearth of access to information." 

This year CWD showed a film 
on Harvey Milk, the first openly 
gay man to be elected to a major 
U.S. office. 

The group also showed "I Claim 
Myself: The Sagon Penn Incident" 
as an example of racial discrimina-
tion within the San Diego commu-
nity. 

The Committee for World 
Democracy considers itself a dif-
ferent source of information on the 
issues. 

Kerlee said, "we're an alterna-
tive to the mainstream." He said 
most people "assume that the 
United States is at the peak. of 
democracy. Wedon't believe we're 
there by any means." 

In CWD's view, the popular 
media shows only one side of the 
story. The committee said it wants 
to educate people about the parts 
of the story that the media does not 
show. 

Kerlee describes the committee 
as "progressive to the left, but not 
exclusive of anybody ... We are 
open to new ideas." 

And despite political leanings, 

'We try to sh-ow 
films that educate, 
but also entertain .' 

- Johnfar Kerlee, member, 
Committee for 
w~ Democracy 

Kerlee said the group tries to give 
an alternative view than what the 
mainstream media shows. 

"We try to show films that 
educate, but also entertain," he 
added. 

He said people were "shocked" 
at the screening of a film about 
lesbians. The committee even re-
ceived 'hate mail for a Pro-Pales-
tinian film. 

"If we just get people to see that 
this is educational work," said 
Ubilla-Arenas, "then the emotions 
will cool down and people can get 
together and discuss the issues." 

The films are chosen from the 
distributor catalogs, audience sug-
gestions, and critic's reviews. The 
group picks issues they feel are 
important. 

They look for quality films that 
may not necessarily be popular. 
The committee then narrows its 
choices down to 12 for the quaner. 

"People who are concerned 
with the overall climate of the 
campus and who could use more 
education should join us," said 
Ubilla-Arenas. 

"Power without education is a 
very dangerous thing." added 
Ubilla-Arenas. "Young people of 
today have a lot of power, and it is 
frigh tening to know that these 
people will be leaders when they 
are so uninformed and ignorant 
about the rest of the world." 

On June I, the committee i 
ponsoring a Native American 

Land Rights Day. The chief of the 

See FILMS, page 19 

The UCSD Guardian 

Your Decision. Your Choice. 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immediate 

Te t Results 
• Pregnancy 

Termination 
• General or Local 

Anesthesia 
• Affordable 

Birth Control 
• Student Discount 

T1te College line 
535-1379 

flli} ,] choice 
FIImily Planning 

Associates 
Medical Group 

attention 
graduate students 

GRADUATE STUDIES 
COMMENCEMENT 

will be held on: 

DlJte: SUNDAY, JUNE 17, 1990 

PllJce: UNIVERSITY PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 

Time: 12 NOON 
Ph.D., M .F.A. and Masters degrees conferred 

Reception: Universiry Price Cemer Plaza 

Students who have completed all requirements by 
Fnday Tune 8, and are eligible for participation should 
contact OGSR at x43436. Contact the Booksrore for 

cap and gown rentals at x44568. 

Wonderful 
Weddings 
Happen At 

The 
Faculty 
Club! 

-
",,0 CE:c ~\-- I( o'?'·~!!fII!-":· Q l iJI'I~' ~~T~0 
VlTY'" 
-For more information about catering and 

space availability please call 
Carol Giuliano, Catering Manager. 

534-0876 
Ida and Cecil Green Faculty Club 

UCSD 
C-021 

La Jolla, CA 92093 

FEATURES 15 

Computers 
LA JOLLA 

UCSD SPECIAL DISCOUNT 
INCLUDES: 
. 2 DRIVES 
. 640 MEMORY 

PRI NTER 
• l ·YR WARRTY 
• SOFTWA RE 

A ny thing 
you need 

----$765 ----- -------- - ---c-5"~~;~ 
Complete Syst6fTI 

CALL 454-5544 
111 0 Torrey Pines Road. SUite A 
La Jolla , CA 92037 .mrrl 

Financing & LeaSing Available 

UCSD Summer Session 
has added the following courses: 
• First Session (July 2-August 3) 
Economics 1DDA: Microeconomics 
Economics 12DA: Econometrics 
Psychology 102: Intra . to Sensation and 
Perception 
Psychology 183: Infancy 

• Second Session (August 6-September 7) 
AMES 10: FORTRAN for Engineers 
For further information , phone the Summer 
Session Office at 534-4364 or 534-4365 . 

l..llO ~EI 
U~IVE~SITY Of CAllfORN A IAN DIEGO 

, 

• fj) 
ROBERT'S 

SAAB 

o German, Swedish G 
Japanese Service 

All Work Fully Guaranteed _ Factory-Trained Specialists 

Mon.·Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 

Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 

(619)275-1132 
4630 Mission Bay Drive 

(1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

" K8i1daII MOICIO& 
W ..... tJAd~1Id 

.... MoIl'll lubri<:fUIl, 
to OIU' CM.'OfIIWN 

~--------------------. 10% OFF on all repairs* 
with this coupon 

· Exupl molor and lran.mu,ion overluJul. Nol lIOlid with any oIMr coupon. 



, -

16 The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 14, 1990 

A • 5 • UCSD 
-Paid Advertisemenr-

AS PROGRAMMING 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
·ro FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS· 
• • 
• CALL THE A.S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-8433! • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

A.S. PROGRAMMING COMMITIEE MTG. 
TUES., May 15th at 5:00 PM 

PRICE CENTER CONF. RM. 8 

A.S. FILM SERIES PRESENTS 

THLWMOf 
THL ~O)L) 
THURSDA Y, MAY 24th ~ PC Theatre 

3 showings - 6:30, 9:00 & 11:30 ONL Y $l.OO!!! tix available @ the Box ore. 

.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . -. 

• asucsd programming presents : 
• 
• loud. hard. rock. • 
: @ The Triton Pub on Sat., May 19th @8pm FREE! : 
• Daddy Longleggs, Peruvian Mutt, Sub Society • 
• • 
• &: Gln Soaked Boy • 
e •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 
L'CHAYIM QUARTERLY needs an editor for 1990- 1. (No expertence necessary) tf 
Interested. call Dave Green 0452-1346. or leave a message at X46244. 

American &: Japanese Cross Cultural Society present: 
SEVEN SAMURAI 

(Short version w /Engllsh subtitles) 
WED., May 16th @ 7pm - Price Ctr. Theatre 

FREE FREE FREE 

******************************** 
IFC SCHEDULE OF EVENTS FOR GREEK WEEK 1990 

Sun., 5/20-Day-at-the-Bay @ Mission Bay 11am-5pm 
Mon.,5/21-Mon. Night Football @ Third Field 4-8pm 

(Girls play, guys cheer) 
Tues. 5/22-Softball @Prytell Field 3 -7pm & Greek night 

at the Pub! 
Wed.,5/23-Talent Show @Price Ctr. Ballroom 7-11pm 
Thur.5/24-Beach Party Dance &: Awards Presentation 

@Price Center Ballroom 9pm-lam 
******************************** 
~ ........................................ ~ 

• ATIENTION UCSD!!! • 
: The Revelle Watermelon Pageant is May 23rd! : 
: Contestants needed to battle for $100 cash prize : 
: & become the new Queen! : 
• Don't be a rind! Apply now at the Revelle Provost Office. • \. •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• .1 

IIIEIIAu.JOII 
DANZCUlB 
pn ., .... ,. 

Don't miss out on this big event! M 
There'll be music, entertainment, . . • 
and, of course, dancing! 

:lJClIt.ctn9 Se.mi.- Jormm uttLre 
Hors cL'oeuvres S IO/coup[es, S5/sLnqtes 

1lclU!.ts avaiLable at: UCS:IJ &ox ofJLce. 

f'eaturi.n 9 f'Lrst Chotce M.obtLe. M.usic's CecU Htc~s 

Monday, May 14, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

BULLETIN 
-Paid Advertisement-

.0.0.0.0 .0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0 
GET INVOLVED WITH STUDENT GOVERNMENT!!! 

VARIOUS POSITIONS ARE NOW AV.AlLABLE 
·:·DIRECTOR OF DEVELOPMENT·:'- JsresponsiblefororganJzing& 

COME SEE THE STARSIII 
REVELLE TALANT SHOW GALA 

THURS., MAY 17TH 0 6pm 
AT STONEHENGE (SOUTH THE HI. LmRARy) 

17 

chaJrtng a Corporate Relations Development Committee to soliCit off-campus •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
funding sources for sponsorship of AS. Programming/Events :PENNIES FROM HEAVEN 
·:+A.S. FINANCIAL CONTROLLER·:'Paid position- is the chieff!- • 
nancial advisor to the President & the AS Council. He/she coordinates all. EMPTY YOUR PENNY JARS & HELP UCSD 
budgetary matters & prepares quarterly reports on the flnancJalstatusofthe : TUTORS HELP SHERMAN ELEMENTARY 
ASUCSD. He/she attends weekly council mtgs., as well as weekly Finance • WHEN: Wed. _ Fri. May 16th _ 18th 
Cornm. Mtgs. & quarterly Student Org. Finance Board Hrgs. Requires 10+ : 
hours weekly. • WHERE: Revelle College Ctr. 
·:·A.S. LOBBY ANNEX DIRECTOR·:·Paid position- Is the manager : Middle of Muir (M.O.M.) 
of the lobbylng branch of External Affairs. ThJs Director Is an ex-officio : Other sites, TBA 
member of the AS Council & the UCSA He/she attends weekly AS Council • 
Mtgs. as well as weekly Ext. Aff. mtgs .. and monthly UCSA Mtgs. Coordlnates • WHAT: U.S. coins only, please! (Nickels, 
events for the benefit of the enUre student body. Requires 15+ hours weekly. : dimes Be qtrs. are gladly accepted 
·:·A.S. JUDICIAL BOARD CHAIR·:'Paid position-chairs theASJu- : in addition to you pennies!!!) 
dictal Board. which is the equivalent to the Supreme Court of the ASUCSD ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••.•••••••••••••••• 
& resolves AS constltutlonal cases. He/she also gives reports to the Council 
on any relevant business. 
·:'UCSA REPRESENTATIVE·:·Paid posltion-ASUCSD Presidential 
Rep. to UCSA (Univ. of Cal. Student Assoc.) Attends weekly council mtgs .. 
weekly Ext. Comm. Mtgs. Travels to UCSAmtgs. once a mo. to provide imput 
to the UCSA Board of Directors, the systemwide student gov't. He/she 
represents the ASUCSD to the UC Regents & Council of Chancellors & acts 
on systemwide Issues such as student wages. quality of student life. & Af-
finnatlve Action. And, coordinates annual conferences. Req. 15+ hrs/wkly. 
·:·SAAC REPRESENTATIVE·:·- acts as a liason between the AS & the 
Student Affinnative Action Committee. The main duty is to advise the AS 
Council on all afllnnaUve action related matters. Attends wkly AS coun. mtgs. 
·:·STUDENT ADVOCATE·:·-representsstudentconcemsoftheASUCSD 
& advises students on their JndMdual rights & on campus poliCies & 
procedures. Attends weekly AS CouncU mtgs. 
.:. ASST. STUDENT ADVOCATE (3-5)·:·workw /tbe StudentAdvocate 
to represent & advise students having academJc or adm1n.Jstrative problems 
withe University. Addltlonally. Asst . Student Advocates work on broad 
student rights concerns affecting large groups of students. 
.:.SPORTS RELATIONS DIRECTOR·:·- duties Include organizing & 
chaJrtng a Sports Relations CommJttee. This committee is charged w/rep-
resenting all sports-related organizations to the AS Council, coordJnating 
sports events w / other programmed actMties. & promotion sports activitJes 
to the AS. 
·:·GSA REPRESENTATIVE·:' -acts as a liaison between the ASUCSD 
& the Graduate Student Association. His/her duty on the AS Council Is to 
represent the view. of graduate students. Attends weekly AS Council mtgs. 
.:.PARLIAMENTARIAN':·Paid position- is the expert on AS 
Constitution & Bylaws. He/ she is Charged w /maJdng sure the council uses 
the proper procedures at all Urnes & Is the Tight hand person of the VP 
Admin. Attends weekly mtgs. as well as weekly rules Comm. mtgs. Requires 
10+ hours weekly . 
• :.MUNlCIPALDIRECTOR·:·Paid positioD-handlesalllocal Issues 
which concern the health. welfare & housing of our students. He/she also 
coordinates our community outreach program to local town & City councils. 
·:·STATE DIRECTOR·:· Paid POSitiOD-is responsible for keeping Ex-
ternal Affairs updated & infonned on all the State's actions concerning 
education. He/she also conducts our voter registration drive. 
.:+AS OUTREACH MANAGER·:·Paid position- adrnJnl.sters the 
Student Advocates for Undergraduate Diversity Program. This program 
trains UCSD students to go out to local high schools, Jr. high schools. & 
community colleges. & convince students that they should attend college 
(specifically - here!) . The Outreach Program also brings students to UCSD 
for a tour, or overnight s tays. 

. 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 .0.0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 .0.0 

INTERESTED IN PLAYING @ REVELLE PLAZA? 
We will provide the sound 

Contact: Rosalind @534-3493 
or leave a tape at Revelle Provost Ofc . 

(Revelle Noon Programming Board) 

ALL GRADUATING CHICANOS/IUSPANICS/LATINOS : 
If you would like to participate In Chicano Graduation, meetings are held 

every TUesday @ 4pm at the MECHA ofe. In the Price Ctr. 
For more Info, call the ofc. @ 534-4994 or call Rafael at 453-8255 

SUN GOD FESTIVAL '90 
FRI., MAY 18th 

Carnival: Sun God Lawn 12-6pm 
Concert: PC Plaza 7:30pm-1:00am 

}1@@~~ IE3@,rr[b)(~Hrl!.~ Il,,@rJP~~lJa 
~UrJP~ CClJam(t ~ 

({]@,rrrfflfJJlJ! m~~.!@rr~ 
ff~fPJ@~d@,U @UJJ.~~(t (t@ ~ @'1liJJm@Mua~&@l1f1JiJ.Mrr~o» 

SIGMA ALPHA MU FRATERNITY 
PRESENTS 

WEIGHT TRAINING/NUTRITION SEMINAR 
W /MR. CALIFORNIA - RICK STEPHENSON 

THURS., MAY 17th @ 7PM 
IN GALBRAITH HAll AUDIT. FREE!!! 

ASSORTED 

.·INOf£ Top 
;)lIIJMMlII.UlOf JDKS.ETC.·S.,&NANCY SollC; THEY 

BE Gwm-'SIIOHOUSE f.l YOIA Sout'; THE CUll-lOVE 
II"" ~~ ElEClIIC MI~E5, DUAMnME, '*'" MOllE; EUltl'THMlCS' 

'; OwlEs MANsoN-!.!; TIMOTH\' i.E...ay·TUNE N, TURN 
"loN, 0.0' OUT; F\US VAAIOUS CD SNGlfS '*'" REMIXES fROM 

Du>roi£ ~, THE SMITHS .. KAll BuSlf, SINEAD O'CON-IOIt 
AND MANY, MANY MORE!! 
• CA.SSETTES' IPs ALSO AVAllAIlE ON SOoIf mus 

.. 

-

..... 



18 

SERVICES & WORKSHOPS 

MONDAY. MAY 14 

8:~IO:OO •. m.-8ipol~ Group. This Qroup IS for stoocms .... 00 have 
be(n dll"no~ "-S ha\·inl a Blpol;ll dl'sorder and OU'C bemS lJ"e;ued for 
.)3~ Issun addre\sro \I, III be coping .... jln the past. preSCnl. :md rUlu~. 
and h\'ln' .... ith or ,,"'Uhoul nle(h,'aIlOf'l . Led by Dan Munoz and Llnd~)' 
CAlderon Call Dan In .5J4·1.579 for mform:lIion and si,n up Revelle 
College Prcwos('S OfrlCt 

1: .... :30 p.m. - 8c'lnnin~ Asscni~M~s Trnintng. A sr.NC1Um1 SIX· 
ie~1OO \"'orbt.op ""here partlClpanb an: IIIU,hl ~iflc d.ills dw:are 
deslJ:ncd 10 impro\-e their :ltHhl)' 10 L"OmmumC:ltr .... ilh others. Students 
"".11 be able 10 dlsllnsul!Ih bcl .... «n 3I{ftssi\c. aSSCnl\'C:, and non-
3S5C11lVt bcha\lIOC'. k:lrn 10 )a) no. and <k\dop producmc: "'Bys 10 

~ommunlcatc: ChougtH and rechne Led b) EquI1I3 Luke • .534-0249 
can Equll1a for mfOfllUIlOO Rc\clle FOf'tT\;II Lounge. 

2:00-5:00 p.m.-Alcol'\ol and Sub\lancc Abu!riC Petr Coun~lln" For 
01ighll.11.. Jnd smJi~hllns .... t".cont"~1 Mart' Wintris • peercounstlor, 
Argo Hall. room lCWI<lS 

3:)0.5:00 p.m. AnJ;et M!lnllGemenl WorIcshop nus \\oR:shop IS for 
people .... OO ~concernt!d !lboUllheir Bnger. \to no ha\ t gT'O\\n 11mj of.he 

~mooonal. IOt~Jl)(n.onal and physiclli toll th:n Bnger takes P:uu cipanls 
\I, ill keep an .m8~r JOumJ.l and le:un ho .... to choose beuer .... ay .. of 
~\prc If\i neab and solv-IRIl problcmll- Lcd by E \cnc Ludman and Hu£h 
PolICS. C211 Ev-(lIe IU S34-35115 bderc f,;onung 10 lhe group HSS 214g 

.. :00-5:30 p.m.-Ouc.1.n.l.lh~J'lantC. Launa Suppon Group Topics \I, ill 
Il'tCludc- academic ",Ollv:IlIOO. ~Ire!> Itl3na,cmeni. rtl3uon hlpenhlLnCc· 
menl. OM the ch!ln,lng mit' of HIll-panic \\omen in a..:ademil.· Ltd by 
LmdSl)'C.1.1dtron Coli Llndsay:!!1 S~·'7~S fort nfonmlwoand ~i,n·up. 
Price Cenlet'. D3\'is/Rhcl"ide Rooms 

4;()()..S:JO p.m.-Advanced A~~enl\·cne:..\ Tr.lining An cight·session 
groupfor~ludent "'00 h:we a f:ood ulldc:rsWkllOg orthc sL.dlsor IlsscnlVe 
commun)QUon. bul ha\e noc been ablc losucch~fully pr.Il,:lice the sL.111 
because of sclf<k:feabn& thought and )Clr·~bot:1glR& bcha\.or.._ SIU-
dents will be able 10 explore lhe lhou,hl and rcehng .. Inll mhlbll their 
pracuceor:lSKnlVe communlcallQn. Call EquII13 LuL.e (orinformunon. 
S34-0249_ Revelle Jnform:r.l Lounge 

S;OO-6:30 p.m.-Birnciall\sues Work..oop_ An eighl'5C'SSlon workshop 
(or Sludents of rolcl:llly nm.ed tKh.·k~munds \\ho would like 10 ICBm 
dfC('U\'C ...... ys or dcalm, "uh !ioOClcUiI prns~ to identify as one rncc 
onl),. Li~orldcntll). ramlly and peer rtlatlOm~hlps "ill be addressed. 
Siudents will pomICt~tt: In dnv.lOg e"e~i~lI and discu~1Of11 1M a 
"Uppoltl \ C en"""Dnmenl Lcd by Cry 131 Sh301lon. 5:4'()254, ror blnciaJ 
and mIJluli lal ethnit' 5100cnh C"II ~131 for a prtllmln:ll)' appolnl· 
menl berort coming 10 the group GH 1003 

':00.7:30 p.m.--GJY and Bisexual Men'", Suppon Group We·tt. 
weeki). infonnal, confidcnual peer group ror studctlls \Ioho want 10 
discuss ISSue .. and .. hareconccrn .. Corne lend yoor .. upponl Drop-insare 
wt:lcome.Drl,:a1l534-3755 formon: Inrormauon. Lcd b) pcc:rroun~lon; 
\1ark and Ton) o.."C.lIl Vie" Lounl!e 

TUESDAY. MAY 15 
9:()().1 1:00 a m.-Akohol and SUb<>i3ftC'(' Abuse PttrCoon~lIng. A~ 
you concerned about I friend, but don'lkno\lo 'What 10 53y1 SlOP by and 
lel'S taU. You can helpl Cecilia A ,",epomoceno. p«T counselor For 
man: Infonnauon. l:aU JcnJl~ Mane!toC aI5:t4-3OJ5_ TC Dean'~ orrt«. 
Room 107. 

2:JO...l:JO P.m.-A~13n/P;lclrtC 1)1.lI'tder Suden . Suppon Group. 11'11 
drop-an group u de igned 10 addre\ ... the (.'OOCcm) of the A\ian/PlKitic 
Islander siuden" lit UCSD In a prohlem·""Iv-ing and o;UppoMl\'C almos-
phere l\SUc\ och:so; ~dcmlC' Qnd c:m:u con\..'em\. r:)mtl), sYSlenlS In 
cullum.! trllnSlllon. selrldemilY, lind Ilvtnlln l .. ocuhurt~.I-'1o w:lMknlS :U'e 
posslbic dl!iCU 'Ion copies. Lcd by Je;&nne M:mc!oC_ DII Jeanne al .B4-
J035 fOi mronnauOIl_ MOUnta," VICW Loonl!c 

2:3().4:00 p.m.--G()(ju3te \1cn'~ and Women'. 1bcIJPY Group, A 
wcckly group ror gndUJIC: Mudents Interco;tcd In e~plonng, rdJIlOO,hlp~, 

.:K.'3dcnllc/pmfe~ .. ionall~'lolIe~. !lnd ~N>n.tl (."OflC(:m~. Lcd by MinIm 
losupovlci. 5JJ·025~ F~r Inr(>m\aIIM ilnd a preliminary InIC"'''''' .cIII 
before coming 10 the I;I'OUP- GH lOtH 

J:()0...4:30 p.RL - -Group rot Unmoll\atcd and Procra~Ufl3l1ng, SIudc:nl~ 
A {:roup for Mudent"o "'00 find I( lhfficuh U) )hady Of" ICI Milllc:d Ofllhe 
\1,001,", ofp.Jocn Jr\ll .00 f«l lh", ",,:0001 IS flOllhc pl;&t.·c for lhem auhl) 
11O"le. Lcd by Hu,h Pate~ 5.\4·;l4~. RnclJc Pro\-Qif\ Ofnce 

3:JG.5:00 P.m.-CoponR S~III' Group The goal of thl> IJOIIp IS to 
IJndcNJnd )I)fll( of lhe \o\oa)~ 10 'A-hlCn Cmotlon~. b.o~icill mood , 
cogmtl\e atlltOOc:s Jnd 1I1r3ICgtc • a) 'A-dl ;I,) bchJ\ tOroil pJ.llcm IOler<iCt 
10 eltbet cre:ue. or to !oOh'e problem.:. Thi\ ""'Ill be an aClI'o"C group ulIlng, 
Iltl3ger:- and rehc~1 lechnlque~ In group and a \elf·help book 000 
horne\\OC'k bet\\«n ).C~ .. ions., Lcd by Beverly H31)U ond Y\lellc Murunt. 
Call Be\erly al S3+6493 or Yvene III ~34-1725 for infonn:Ulon and :l 
prtllmln:lry In lervle lk bcforc corrunillo lhe ,roup. WC202. Conf Room. 

4:00..5:00 p.m.-Work\hopon Women :md A&cohol This i" 0 workshop 
on the sub)CCt of .... ornen and nk'Ohol ..... lIh '. specia l fQ.;u~ on c0-
dependency. adult children oCaloohohc (ACA),.lnd women ..... hodrink, 
Infonn:ll diw:u~.on COIlCt-mmg Yt'OOlen :lnd 1IICIr y,:mou ... rtlllUonships 
wllh alcohol Lcd by ah.:oOOI and wb!o.lancc abuse: pccrcoun!iClor. Cecilia 
Nepomuctno. Mountlln View Lounge. 

5:001:30 p.m.-Afncan-AnlCncan Women's Suppon Group. An infOf· 
mal ;roup which m~ls weekly 10 dlKuss lopics of mlertSllO Afncan· 
Anlel1QJl .. omen. Emph3SI" ii on ~hanng tOOughti and fcehnes aboul 
the ac:kkmic. jX:nor.aJ ;1I')d )OClal upcnenct Ilt \.ICSD, Lcd by Equilla. 
Luke. 5)4..0249. and Crystal Shannon. 5l4-O254 Mountain View 
Lounll< 

The UCSD Guardian 

TheWeekly Calendar 

WED ESDA Y. MAY 16 

10:00-1 J:JO a.m.-L.uinWChlcaoo Therapy Groop TIll" group deals 
""'Ith Issues of 'OClf·doubt Ind ,"ICenlln, vanous 1l>PCC1S of It\l,"g: 
parenlS.. Camil)'. socuti rellllOnshlp~, We .... ill ""on to",:ud the goal or 
maJRI3.lRtng Siooent productivity Led by Dan 'Iunol, .H4-·1379. and 
Rein:l J~z. S34-3B7S. Re\lell Pru\'05I'" Buildln,. 

1 :00-2:JO p.m.-Copmg .... lIh Chrotllclllness IlndP;iin. 1111 croup ~for 
siudents dealing 'WIth chromc llines or p;un In their lives or In Lhe h\leli 
of sigmficOtnt othcr\. TopICS 10 be addrt'sl\Cd mclude p:un/slress mana&e· 
mcnt technlqltC§, handling depreSSion and loss . dc3lina with mt"d1C'al 

~almcnIDndde ... elopin, uppon )"sieim. Coping killdc\"t'lopmcntand 
a ~upponl'ieen"ironmenl" ill b::emph3slzed. L..cd by leanne Manese lind 
CoIrol LeBoeu( For.3 prt:hminary appointmenl before coming 10 the 
group. plea!it Colli C3r0I.l1 534-0256. GH 1003. 

I:OO-J:OO p.m.-Alcohol and Su~tancc Abu~ Peer CounllCllnc. Arc 
you conccrned about a fnelld, bul don 't ~IlOW "",hi'" to 5aY' SlOP by Bnd 
ICI', ulL.. You can help! Cccilia A. Ncpomuceno. pccrcounselor. For 
more informallon. call Jeanne Mancse at 534-3035, TC Dean's omce, 
Room 109 

1:00-.3:00 p.m.-Alcohol and Substance Abuse Peer Counseling For 
§CfUJl;ht lalLILOO ll- InUghl aOS\loen, contaCI Marc Wintnss. pcercounsc:lor. 
Argo Bolli . room IQ.VI05. 

~ : ()o'5:JO p.m.-G<neral Th,IOpy G"",p. A IJOIIP for .ndergra<!u:ue 
students \lrho "'-ould like toe'<pm ihclrlhouehl and retlinl\ In II ,roup 
)tIling C()rk."'Crn~ common to II.KicnlS .... hlch ~ ill be e'<plortd ux'l lKSe 
dc:vdoplna adult ~bltOnships ..... Jth pt'ers, e\plonng rel:itlOft~ips \lrlttt 
pcc:rs. and :1"' lng and ro:etVlnl fecdb.lcL. to ,roup ITICmbcn. Led by 
Equdla Lu~t .. H-t"()1"9. 011 EqUI113 rorabnefprelimlnMylppoanlment 
before \·Dmlng 10 the. ,roup. GH 1003 

4:00..7:30 p.nt.-Le .. bi::tnand 81scJlull Women'sSupponGroop We'll: 
a .... «L.ly. conrKlenu,,1 drop 10 ,roup for women tntcrcst.c:d in di:iol'UsSl ng 
pcnonal ~ms and SOCIi&J In~ in a (:omfortabk, supponive C'n"lron· 
menl. Drop by lhe Womcn '~ Re)ouI'CeCcnler(PnceCcnler).orcaJl 5J4-
2023 or 534·37.55 ror mort: tnfocmataon. L..cd by Sue Ind Chell. 

THURSDAY. MAY 17 

9:00-1 J:OO a.m.-AkohoIllld Substance Abuse Pcer Counseling. Are 
you concerned .boul a (nend, bLltdon'l know ~hat 10:.:ty? SlOP by and 

Icl'~ lal~. You CJn he1p~ Cecilia A. I\epomuccoo. peer coun~lor, for 
more: infonnauon. call JC.1nnc Mar'l("C' at 5J4..3035_ TC Dean's ornce. 
Room 107. 

.1:00-5:00 p.m.-Alcohol omd Subsaance Abuse Peer Coun§clins. For 
straight lal~ lind Slr.li£hl nnswCI'S.conlat.:1 M:an:: Winmss. pecrcoun~lor, 
Argo Hull. room 104/IOS, 

FRIDAY. MAY 18 

2:00-3:30 p.m. Alcobol::tndSUMtaraAbu:.eGroup lryouh3ve e ... ~ 
asked, "00 1 h;we a problem"" . chancei llfe )·00 do ha\'e a fcw things to 
lalk about Lcd by D-.m Munolaoo Equilla Luke C:111 D:1Il at 534·IS79 
for IOformallOfl 

4:()()..6:00 p.nt.-Campu,; BloK.~ rorum An Infocmaldl~u~lOO/sUppon 
croup "hich rucu~ 00 i~'ue~. COlK'ern.!l Ind expene/K·elO lhat ... fTC("t the 
qualuyor life of the Arncan-Anw:ncan communny Oltl,;CSD A problem-
iOIvlR& ;1M skill·bulkhn& approach I~ u~ to aulSt Sludcnb in coping 
","ilh :lCa<kmlc, sociil, rd:1I1OfUhip. and family manen. Lcd by Phil 
Raph.tC1 and CI)'''131 Sh3nnon_ for addldon:d infonnalion. call Phil or 
Cry~talal 5.34-37SS. Mounuun VteW Lounge. 

LECfURES 

WEDNESDA Y. MA Y 16 

J: )()..J:OO p.m.- Teryl Springstead. of'thc CAlifornia Fcminist Federal 
Credit UnIon. 'Will prtst-nl"BchiJ'd the Scenes al CFFCU· An Alternative 
financ:",llns(ilUtion." Join us Cor an Informallnlld Free I'dre~hmcnlS. 
Women's Rcsoorct: Center, 

FRIDAY. MAY 18 
1;00 p.m.-Dr. PelCr USiIlJl\iUI-'iU p~seot "Rights of Fancy: Innovl· 
lion in Applied AUld Mechanics." The speaker was closely connected 
with thcdesicnoflheGossamerCondor. the So1aI'Ch:tlkn,er. the Bionic 
Bal, lhe Stars aMi Stnpes. and the rc..crralion of the eanh's laraesl nYl nl 
animal, Quclt.alcootulus northropi Innovalions. cu'Cumstlll(..'eS. and 
creaUVity will be discussed USB 2722. 

SATURDAY, MAY 19 

9:00 • . m.-"Gc:ndcr lind Graduale Educalion," Helene KeysW' will 
speak Oil top'CS such ali TA & RA iUltCs. sexual h:uassmcnt. fulUrt 
carters. inlemall~ues. and rxc/gcndcr I uc:,.. IntemoittOnoil Centc:f, 

FITNESS & RECREATION 

MONDAY. MAY 14 

J O:OO • . m .• Il::OO p.m.- So you Ihlnk you hlvea lJipon chemlitry? You 
know physics like the ~ck of your h».nd? But how well do )'OU k.now 
yourself IltId your level of fitl'lCss? Find OUI at the free FITSTOP. Stop 
by Siudent Hc.dth ServICe' or C'all 534- 1824. 

2:00 p.m.-Spnnl mlo IClion, Auend a btnh conCrOI sculon loday. 
Learn aboul whit affects your decisIOn 10 be: 5(:ltuaUy aclivc and whit 
mtlhocb 10 usc. Sluricnl Health ServiceS, 2nd noor. 

TUESDAY. MAY 15 

10:IQ..J 1:00 I .m.- Sound body, IOO nd mind, loinc 10 class ou)' lake 
can: 0( hal ( 0( Ihis pro\lcrb. Lei mSTOP asseS.!! your budy, 10 you "" 
Khicvc d~ balabcc. Make an aPfJO'nlmc:nla' SludeR! Hc.;alth ServlCCS or 
call 534-1824. iI ', FR EEII 

I :OOp.m.- Takc charceofyourlife l M&kcsomcht.atthy declsloftsa~t 
.... Come 10 . binh "",wi se.sion today. Student Health Services. 2nd 
nOOf. 
WEDNESDA Y. MAY 16 
1:00 p.m.---Oo you havc the mkhem tMucs7 Checl OUt I happy discI,H-
Uon aboul )'OUr health and hinh cmcro& todty with JOfI1e meny Siudeni 
Health Adv ....... Student Hclllh Services. 2nd floor. 

1l:OO.2:00 p.m.-Givc your mind a .. han tn3k Crom alilMI srudying 
and pUI your body 10 the lesl. Get a rree fimess 3sscssmcnl '" FlTSTOP. 
Come on by Stooenl Heallh ort"all 534-1824 10 make )'Our IIppollltmtnL. 

THURSDAY. MA YI7 
1:00 p.m.- Nuninon. Infection prt\Cnuon. WOfTICft'S heallh issues an 
prtscnled for discussion by friendly Slum Heallh AdvOClI tes. Siudent 
Health Set'Vices.. 2nd floor, 

1:00..2:00 p.m.-CheC'k out how )'ou rone In physical filness. lei a few 
statislic-s ai\c)'ou it. ,cnlle nudl1e loward cxen;ise, Take Itte FITSTOP 
test. Come by StOOcnt lleahh Sc('\iccs or call 534-1824. 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

MONDA Y THROUGH FRIDAY 

8:oo a.m.4 :00p.m.-SIGI PLUS Sysremsoflntel"lctiveOuldanceand 
Information is. compuler-bascd program of career infomlatioo dcsi&ncd 
tohelp you clanfy younkdls. values IOOOCCUpot.uooai inlerests. For more 
lnronnauOfI. come 10 Career Services Center, Admi stan: S 10 00. 

8:00 •• m.4 :30 p,m.-Whether you want someone 10 edil your p3pcr or 
help you bratn lonn. Scholars' Wnll ng Workshop can be of service. 
Afler finis.hing your paper, frtc uit of compulers i available (Word 
PerfCCt. Wordslar,. Computer iIIilerate\ eire \Io-eicome; Il5Sislance is 
provided. USB 4070. To make In appointment. call 534-1344. 

8:00 a.m.-4:JO p.m.-OASIS Wnlin& Ccnler orfers rm: scrvtce ror all 
UCSD &Iucknu who need pre· ... rinng help. conferences on dtDfls. and 
edmng advK¥. We enple any kind 0( wr~tlni and Iny kind of lA-'riring 
problem. Conrerences art: by appoinlment only. Evening 
Dppolntmcnu arc also avuilablc, (r"'()(f ull ranle o( services, see 
lhe bae .. oflhe currtnl class schedule,) Call 534-2284 or come 
by Sludeni Cenler. Bldg A. Rm. 214 to nuke In appointment. 
This ".ervice is available throughoot the quanet' 

8 ;OO a.m.4 :JO p.RL. 4:J0.8:00 p.m. on Tuesday and Tlrtun-
daynenin . The L.an,ua&c Pro;ram provides ~i~tanc;c 10 
studcnb -. hose nlU\le langua;e IS not EnGh~h and 10 those 
dolO': 'oIoork In 113I1an. Japal'leSf. Spanish. F~nch. German. 
Hc:brt ..... and othtr lanJuagcs. A dUlgnoslic leSt on Vo1'lutn 
EneJishua second InnguDge is 1\ ail.ableon ~que§c Call j).4. 
22&4 for more inronnanoo. StooemCenrer, Bld&. A. Rm2 14. , 

MONDAY, MAY 14 

1:00 p.m.-Ihe Mllrkcl!lble Resume Workllhop t....:am how to 
cono;;lructa stllte·of·the·an resulI''ICi Ihat willnw.e you stand 001 
from fhe crowd. C4rcc:r Scrvif..''Cs Center, 

1: 3()..4:00 p.m.- Drop-in Ad\lLSmi Boun;. For hdp fLnding 
cksirable pan'lime employmenl. dclemumn¥ career ,00:1).. 
sc31Chln, fOi jObs, orcxplonna pro(n~IOI1al or JDduate 5Chool 
opportuniues. I\oappoimment IlCcccury.jusr walk in. Carctr 
Services Center. 

):00 p,m.-WriunC Your Personal Statement. PreSCnt your 
best Side 10 admi · ion commille(\ For medical and denLaI 
school applic::mts who \\i1nl up .. on wnhn, Ihis importanl 
doculI\Cnt C3Ittr Servkes Ccnler 

TUESDAY. MAY 15 

1 :30-4:00 p.m.- Drop-in Advisine Hours. For help findina 
desirable pilrt·limc employment. dcICrTTUnlnl career gooll. 

~arthinl for jobs. ore-"plonn, professloooli or graduate school 
opponUnllle ·. l\oappolMtmcnl neccesary.Jusl walk In. career 

Serv~s C(Mlcr. 

3:00 p.m.-International Afflirs: Graduate Student OplionL So you 
want an "lncetn3(ional" career? Do)'oo need mort education' Which 
Procram is right for you~ Inlemarional affairs, reladon~. pol ky and area 
sludies uaduatc pmgr.lnlS. !lnd career paths .... tl i be: discussed. Q u'CCr 
Services CenlCr. 

WEDNESDA Y. MAY 16 

1:30 p.m.-on·Campus Intervlewin, Orienuuion. If you are inlertSlcd 
in p3lt1c1 pa ti nlln the Career Services Ccnter's on-campus interviewin. 
provam thi~ quancr. it is mandatory Ihal you auend one of lhese 
orientailons beCore you interview 

J:J0..4:00 p.m.- Drop-in Advisinl Hourli. For help Finciln, desirable 
pan-lime cmployment. dclCrmlnt n& carttr loals.. warchina ror jobs. 01" 
eApkxini professional or ,raduale IKhool opportuniues. NOIlf)pointnlcnI 
nc:«esary. Just walk in, CaRer ServICC' Cetllcr, 

3:00 p.m.-Jobs in AdmiMlstr.ulon. Thcy'rt everywhere. Nearty every 
ocxuplltona lscuinc employs an admini~lnllor to run operahOfls. Listcn to 
some admlOistrutQB from a variel), of IlfCllS descnbe lhetr jobs. Carter 
Services Cenler. 

6:00 p.m.- R &. R Geltinl Back 10 BasIC'S, OASIS Readin& &. Study 
Skills can he lp )'QU become su«cu (ul In manalin. your time. preparinc 
ror lesn. and I l ining a.Jequare lIudy Mtills. l.cam 10 be I master siudenl !! 
cmls Annex. 

THURSDAY. MAY 17 

10:00 • . m.-On Come",: Praclicln, Inl""l.wln, Skills. Sharpen your 
In ref"'J lewlna sk ill.!! by sceina and hearinJ yoursclfon videou.pe. Receive 
feedback from (M~ job seekers in th ll J10UP workshop. PrcRquisite: 
Intervlewinl Sld lls Workshop. Career Services Center. 

1:00 p.m.- Intervlcwinl Skills Wortshop. Do you need help in prepar-
hI' for job inlerviews? CaRer Servk:" CcRler will provide dps on the 
beSI way' to preaenl your qu.aJirkauons and whit kind of interview 
queslionl 10 u petl. 

1:3004:" p .... - Drop-In Advisln, HouR. For help lindinl deiinble 
pan·lIme employment. delemunln, Carter aOlllJ. ICM'thin, (Of jobs. or 
CJl,plocinapm(es~ or lfIduate IChooI opponunltia. Noappoinlment 
""",esary. J.st walk In. C .... r Scmce. CcnlCr. 
FRIDAY. MAY 18 

J I:DO • . m.,.2:. , .m.- CueerFaJr '90. Areyousdll SC'&r'Chinl forcareer 
di~tion7 Learn moR about varioMs c:xx;:YpUion. by w tdnllO people 
who~ wortlna i"them, MoN than ~pm(a&ioMl, wil l be on campus 
""'Inswu your qwesc.ions. Can:cr Services CenICf PIau. 

Monday, May 14, 1990 

Photos by Gail Johnson 
1:30-4:00 p.m.- Drop'ln Advl ~IO' Hours. For help findln. deMrable 
pan'lime employme nt. deaconlnlna "" recr ,000It. 'iCilnhlll& ror jobs. or 
elCplorinc profeii lona l org,radulile r.chool opponunll ie . NOllppointment 
necceSlU)', jusl "" olk In Clirecr Se-rvices ~nter, 

SATUR DAY. MAY 19 

9:00 a.m.·3:08 p.m.-IdentifYing Your CII'«f. An all-d,y wOOcsoop 10 
identify viablecart'Croptions Ihrough extensl\,e !lC1r·assc"'~n'lcnl. Sign up 
by Thursday. May 17. Career Sef\licelll Center. 

ORGANIZATIONAL MEETlNGS 

MONDAY. MAY 14 

6:00 p.m.-Grecn Mcclin; atlhe Ole Care, All Wc:lcolTle!'l 

SA11JRDA Y. MAY 19 

8:30 • • m,-4:00 p.m.- Third Annual Undcraroouate RCsc;l(Ch Conrer· 
ence ""'111 honor lhe oublaoolng ~holarly ",orL. proChK·td by UCSD 
IIndcrarndualc5. the ronfcrcncc hopes to "tlmul:ue additIOt1"llntt'f'".tCtion 
belween Siudents lind (!tt'u lty at the rcsearch levcl. All 119 ptlfticip31inl 
sludenlS \10111 ~ceh'e a cenlficale as B ReselU'Ch Scholar. Gretn Faculty 
Club. 

RELIGIOUS FUNCfrONS 

TUESDAY THROUG H SATURDAY 

5;00 p.m.-Catholic MIU . Sponsored b) Ihc Oilhohc Siudent Commu, 
OIlyatUCSD, Unlven.hy LUlhcrJ.nChun:h.comcrorN. Torrty Pinesand 
La Jolla Shorell Drive. 

TUESDAY. MAY 15 

11:00-1:00 p.m.-ChriSlian~ SludyJRS thc Bible, 'I'llc nanle of our irouP 
b " Bible Sludy." We will be in fhe Book of I Timothy. Chaptcr 2, All 
Invlled!! Price Center, Rm. 5. 

7:00 p.m.-·Thc New Exodut: Soviel Jewi\h EmiCfalion und Resenle· 
n'!Cnf in Israel," SANDPAC and UJS join in sponsoring lI.an Mar. Israeli 
Consul for Infonnalion . TLH 107. 

WEDNESDAY. MAY 16 

IO;OOa.m.-' :OOp.m.-1'hc Israel Aclivhic Commineehasan Inrorma· 
lion T3bic:. set up in Ihe Pnce Center PlaZll Come and lalk with JC\\'ish 
stooenl\ ab(x.II Jewi\h lifeon camJ'lu~ and oppon uni lics for visi tin, Israel 

6:00 p.m.-Supper is served to sludents by the Luther:tn community al 
UCSD. Everyone IS weh.;omc. Univc~ilY Lutheran Churt'h. across the 
iltect from Revelle Colleac. 

7:00 p.m.- Bible study based on first Pcler is led by Campus Paslor Joh" 
Huber, Open 10 aU . University LUlheran Church, OCI"O\S Ihe Sir«-t front 
Revelle College. 

8:00 p.m.- "Baptism" i ~ the lopit presented by Pas lor John HuberduM, 
Ihis session or the Lulheran I~ u l rcn Seminar. Evcryont iJ ..... ek ome:. 
Univcnity Lutheran Church. w:ro~), lhe lItrtcl from Reve lle CoItc,e. 

9:JO p.m.-candIeUlht MILs. A qu ie t. mcditallve ,ime for shoring with 
others. Sponsored by Ihe C2tholic Student Communi ty ,It UCSO. 
Unlvenh)' LUlherun Church. comer of N, Toney Pi nes OM La Jolla 
Shore s Drive. 

THURSDAY. MAY 17 

10:00 1.m..·l:00 p.m.- Jewish Climpul CcRlen Informalion Table in 
RC\lelle PIua. ComeQnd meet Rabbi Doul:SIOInik.dit'C(lorortIlc Jewi~h 
Campus Ccnlel'5a l UCSD, This Is a way 10 gel inronnation uboot Jewi~ 
life on clmpus. 

5:45 p.m.-'The Thursday Oin~r. HomcnlDdc food und ertal compan'J. 
Sponsored by the Calt.ollc SlIJdenl ConlOlunh)' PI UCS O. Calholic 
Lounge al lhe UniversilY La.tlhcran Chun::h .comcrorN. Tomy Pincsand 
La Jolla Sh<ns Dnve. 

7:30 p.m.- Bible Swdy Episcopal f;ollcsc sludcm~, Weekly Bible 
sludy li nd mon thly evcnts. Inrormatloo; Fr. Bill Mahedy. 565·6661. SI. 
Eli~lh 's ChurCh. 282j Menon Ave .• San DicilO 

FRIDAY THROUGH SATURDAY 

Ovemll hl Ca mpoo._ofWant to &e t OOt IRIO Inc cOllnuyT' Untied 
Campus MIOistry SpDnWSlhis annuul event at Cuyamaca Roncho Stille 
Park. Cost: SIO.OO. RSVP by Th.rsd. y. M,y 17. ~34·2521. 

SATURDAY. MAY 19 
2:00 p.m.- Lehrhaus Sh.bbat Stud), (ocusin, on the biblical poniort or 
lhe weck Lcd by Rabbi SIOInllc , 502 ManhelA-'s. 

SUNDA Y. MAY 20 

' :00 ' .m.. 10:10 • . m.- Epii«JP'll O ,.",:h WOI1hip Service: S.nday 
Euchari I and Parish (cllow~ h lp, Good Samanrall Epi5COpll1 Church. 
021 EasIJlle Mall. 

. :JO . .... -Calholic 101 .... Sponsor<dby IheCoohohc SludentCofnmu. 
niIYllUCSD. Unl.e .. lly Lulhenn Church.ccmcrof N. Tom:y Plne.and 
La Jolla Shoft. Dri.e . 

1 ...... _ L.Ihe ... Communion Service i. 1ed by Cto"",u. Pallor JoIuI 
Huber. Optn to everyone. University Lulhcnn Church, lCrOU the SIRd 
hom Revelle CoIleI'. 

5:tO ,. • •• 9:01 ,....-e.dIolic Ma . SponSOl'td b)I the CllhoIic 
SIudcfU Communl!)' at UCSD. UnlvenilY LUlher..,. Chul'\.'h, comttofN. 
Tomy Pine . nd Lto JoIli Shom Dri ... 

Monday, May 14, 1990 

FILMS 
Continued from page l S 
Shoshone nalion wi ll speak, and 
the film "Broken Trealy II " will be 
shown. 

Ubilla-Arenas wants to have 
more events similar to Ihe Nalive 
American Land Rights Day. She 
would like the fil ms to be re-
searched and presenled as semi-
nar instead of j usl "iso lated 
sparkles." 

"State of Se ige," a film based 
on the kidnapping of a U.S. official 
in Lalin America wi ll be shown on 
May 18. The films are free on 
Fridays al 7 p.m. in TLH 107. 

Member Byron Morton quoles 
poli tical activisl Abbie Hoffman 
in saying if"you don ' l have organ 
of communication, then you don' t 
have a movement. " 

J ennifer Kolsky/Guardiall 
Kevin Tachiki said he would 
like to attend school in Japan . 

ACUPUNCTURE·ACUPRESSURE.HERBOLOGY 
Prevent unnecessary surgeries 

Avoid taking drugs 
Restore Health·& Vitality 

pain 
stress relief 
fatigue 
sports injury 

addictions 
asthma 
PMS 
migranes 

Most UeSD Insurance Acceptable 
(close proximity to UCSD) 
(619) 275-3851 

Dr. of Oriental Medicine t P. Margaret Wells 

The UCSD Guardian 

JAPAN: 
Language 
Is Popular 
Continued from page 11 
applied to the Ove rseas Courier 
Se rvices company and 10 subsidi-
aries of the Toyola Molor Corpo-
ralion. 

He is concentra ting. however, 
on securing ajob with a law finn in 
Los Angeles in which he would 
have to Iranslale paperwork in 
personal injury cases from Japa-
ne e 10 English. 

"That's Ihekindof Japanese I ' d 
like 10 u e." he aid . 

Weldon hopes to "work in joint 
projecls in aerospace between 
Japan and the U.S. And I would 
like to go to Japan and do research 

'The Japanese in-
fluence is every-
where. There a re so 
many job possibili -
ties; it's really in de-
mand in businesses, 
in tourism. , 

- Veronica Sison 

before I start graduate school." 
Weldon explained I hat the J apa-

nese language is becoming more 
important in the aerospace indus-
Iry. 

"Japanese are making advances 
in aerospace and we' ll be doing 
more work wilh them .... " 

PHOTOS 
Passport, ID, Applications 
Negative and 2 pictures 

each additional photo 
only 40¢ 

RUFF'S FAST PHOTO 
Mon.-Fr i. 7 :30-5 :30 
10920 Roselle St. # lOlA 

552-0072 

$10 
UCSD • 

FEATURES 19 

Studenls also feel command of 
the Japanese language will benefit 
them in busine schoo!. 

" For people applying 10 busi-
nes school. it 's [an] asset," 
Nishimura said. 

"There's so much we can learn 
fromthe Japane eintennsofbu i-
ness planning," added Weldon. 

"The Japanese influence is eve-
rywhere. There are 0 many job 
possibilitie~; it's really in demand 
in bu ine e, in tourism." Si on 
said. 

" Yes, Japanese is difficult 10 
learn. bUI it's also a lot of fu n and 
highly beneficial to know." 

If you have RECENTLY had 
any Infectious or Sexually 
Transmitted Diseases, you 

may qualify to EARN CASH 
and help us help othelS. 

FOR FREE TESTING & MORE 
INFORMATION CALL 

... ........ ..................... ........................... _ .......................................... · .. · .. · .......... · ................. · .. · .. _ .. · .. · .... · .... · ............ ·1 

THE THIEF OF BAGDAD 
WITH THE SAN DIEGO 

CINE-PHONIC ORCHES1'RA 

Raoul Walsh's 1924 silent classic will be presented with 
live orchestral accompaniment by the 13-piece San Die~ 
Cine-Phonic Orchestra. Douglas Fairbanks stars in thIS 

Arabian Nights adventure fantasy, with art direction and 
sets by the great William Cameron Menzies . Pit orchestra, 
instrumentation, and musical arrangement are authentic 

to the period. 

Friday, May 18 and'Saturday, MIIY 19, 7:30 pm 
$8 (generlll), $6 (Museum members) 

presented by 
THE LA JOLLA MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART 

The Museum is located at 700 Prospect Street in La Jolla 

Tickets now available at the La Jolla Museum (454-3541) 
and Ticketmaster (278-TIXS) 

TICK"ZZ.cJ~ 
... --.-..--ItWl7a.TUla KPBS89.5FM 

i 
i 
! 

I 
I 
: 
! 
: 
! 
! 
i 
: j 

~ 
~ 
: 

~ 
I 
I 
i 

! 
! 
: j 
j 
i 
i j 

%e u{timate r.B'13S game lias arrived! 
"INTERLINK CRUSADES" is a real time, mUlti-player, graphics 
oriented, combat arena, complete with sound effects, intership 
communication and free graphics package. Up to ten players 
battle against each other for galactic dom ination. If you last long 
enough you might get promoted and maybe even find the 
planets you need to upgrade your vessel. If you have a p.e . or 
compatible and would like to 
conquer the universe, call the 
Mythical Software BBS and be 
prepared for action ! 

Carlsbad 431-8292 thru 431-8299 
San Marcos 591-3911 
Mira Mesa 484·1420 

: j .................................................... ... 
! 
I , 
i 

~ 
: 
! 
: 
! 

~ j 
i 
: 
i 
I 
i j 
! 
i 
I j 
! 

I 
! 
I 
I j 

i 
! 
! 

I 

'; \" 
. '.\ .... La Jolla VII'afle Square 

~J' Denta. Group OHers You: 
~,.. 

... ~~~ • COSMETIC BONDING • VISA OR MASTERCARD 
• EVENING APPTS. • INSTANT INSURANCE 
• STEREO HEADPHONES EVALUATION 
• NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
• 24-HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• ORAL SURGERY FOR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRACTION 

--------------------------
'NraoDucro • ., 0",. 

EXAM & X-RAYS $ '9 Reg. $49 
ONLY 

Include •. X·Rays, Oral Cancer Exam and Private Consuhorian. Expire. 5/ 3 I / 90. 
OH.red 10: Students, Foculty and staff of UCSD 

--------------------------DAVID S. ISHOM D.D.S. 
Member: ADA, CDA, SDCDS, Delta Dental 

I 8861 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suita 501 455.91 51 i (behind Ki nko'sl 
.".' •• 1 •• ••••• 1'." ••• ,." .. .. . . . . '1" ...... , .... , ........ , ... ,'I " I'I ' " ,II ' '''' 'II "I'''''''''''II' ' !!'''II''''''' '' I"' 1 ' !!" " ""''I''''''"I ''" ""'I" "".J '----------------------------- - --______ _ _ ___ --1 



. ' 

. , 

20 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Classified advertising Is sold In 15· 
word Increments. The rate per 15 words 
Is 51 for students (persons I use only), 
53 for faculty, staff, and organizations, 
and $4 for others. Payment In advance 
is required; therefore, ads must be 
mailed with a check (made payable to 
ThIl UCSD Guard/an) or presented in 
person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday 
for Monday's paper and 3 p.m. Monday 
lor Thursday's paper. The Guardian 
reserves the right to refuse any 
advertising Including but not limited 
to companionship ads. For more 
information call 534·5416. The 
Guard/an, UCSD, B"()16, La Jolla, CA 
92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides warmth, 
education, prayer, socializing. Connect 
with Union 01 Jewish Students! 502 
Matthews; east of the Price Center. Call 
Rabbi Slotnick, 534·2521 . (4/2·617) 

Scholarships/Grants for college area 
available. Millions go unclaimed yearly. 
Call '·800-334-388' . (4112·617) 
Writing help! Professional, private, meet 
your deadline, your convenience, money 
back guarantee. Jim 48'-1810. (4112·6/ 
7) 

RISC Staff Applications for '90-'9' now 
available . Due by May 18 at office in Price 
Center 3.306. Questions call 534-4482 
M·Th ' 0-1 or John Fleming 273·2'45. 
Leave message at either. (517·5114) 
Hey all you frui ts! Try out to be the 1990 
Watermelon Queen on May 23rd. $100 
prize to winner. Get application (due May 
2,st) at Revelle Provost's office. (517-5/ 
17) 
UCSD POLICE AUCTION. Saturday May 
19th 10:00 a.m. Pre·auction viewing 9:00 
a.m. Storage facili ty 4051 Old Miramar 
Rd. I block west of Regents· Old Miramar. 
Bicycles, watches, books. and much morel 
$1 .00 Refundable bidder depoSIt required. 
Cash or check oniy. info? Call 534· 
4358.(517·5/17) 

kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr, 

Third College Town Meeting I Come and 
discuss/1earn about the newly proposed 
curriculumofThlrd College. Monday, May 
14th at 7:30 p.m. in Oceanview Lounge. 
Also come and talk about other problems, 
concerns or questions you have regarding 
Third College. Refreshments will be 
served. (517·511 4) 

It's Time to Get Dlrtyt Third College 
Residence Hall Council presents the 4th 
Annual Mud Volleyball Tournament. May 
20th 6-10 players per team. $10.00 pre 
team. Sign up forms at your Residential 
Life Office. T·shirts, prizes, KSDT music. 
Sponsored by Third College RHC,ICRHA, 
Momentum Sportswear and VolleyWorld. 
Don't miss it! (5110·5/17) 

Enthusiastic men + women wanted for 
UCSD Cheerleading Squad. Meeting 
Monday 5/14 8:30 p.m. Main Gym Lobby. 
For info call Jenny at 485·1398. 
Cheerleading takes guts and muscles. 
BE THERE! (5/'0·5/14) 
Graduate Seminar on Gender Issues. 
Saturday, May 191 International Center. 9 
a.m. - Noon . Refreshments/lunch 
provided. RSVP x43436. (511 0·5117) 

DAY IN THE LIFE OF UCSD PHOTO 
CONTESTI May 31 • ATTENTION UCSD 
SHUTTERBUGS • Challenge your 
creative abilities • winn ing photos 
published in the G. Professional Judges -
entry forms at the GI Sign up now. (511 O· 
5114) 

RAFT THE RIVERS OF THE WEST II 
Cataract Canyon of the Colorado, the 
Yampa, the Green. Go with Hatch who 
was the first to run the Middle Fork of the 
Salmon In 1936! Reasonable rates. 8001 
342·8243. (5/1 4) 

Models (females) wanted for Model search 
'90 Contest. Wmner Will receive a free 
professional modelmg portfolio. Small 
registration fee. Call Lisa StudiO 51 #484· 
8863. (511 4) 

Friends for life meeting on Tuesday at 
P&L ' , ,7 @ 7:00 p.m. For more 
information call 552·0353. (5114) 
SUNGOD FESTIVAL THIS FRIDAY ! 
Come "Express Yourself"! Carnival during 
day on SunGod lawn, concert at night at 
Price Center Plaza! (5114,5/17) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200· '500 halrs 
per hour. 325' Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (6t9) 226-
1962. (4130·617) 
PAPERS TYPED! Quick & affordable! $21 
typeddouble·spacad page. Call LJ Colony 
Resumes & Professional Typing Services, 
455·8357. One-day service available. 
Laser Printingl Choice 01 35 typestyles! 
(4/2-617) 
Rent·a·brain 24-hr. writing tutor ; 
outstanding A·student UC grad save this 
numberl Make deadlines Jim 48' -181 0.(41 
12-617) 
TYPING ·theses, term, Ph.Ds, Legal. All 
formats. RUSH JOBS. MARIE 931-9596 
(4/12-617) 

~ MAKEGOOD 
,. SUMMER MONEY!! 

Motivated Students 
"eeded for 

Heighborhood Marketing! 
• Valuable Marketing Experience 
• bpend Your Time Outdoors 
• Flexible Hours 

~' • Good Money , , \ P ~ • Excellent Training ~ 
Earn $10.00 per hour or more developing residential 
customers for Lloyd Pest Control. Call Dan or Greg at 
298-9865 between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. for an interview. 

Surfing - linally do It, fun, safe, 20 years 
experienced lifeguard, water safety 
instructor -181·1810. (4112·617) 

PROFESSIONAL WORD PROCESSING 
- $1 .501pg. Resumes, Papers, Theses -
Laser APA Format, Next Day delivery. 
439-9317, 297·8291 . (4123·5117) 

WORD PROCESSING, term papers, 
experienced dissertations. 7 days a week, 
4.0 English S~,lIs , references 755·2683. 
(4126·617) 

WORD PROCESSING · Student papers 
and resumes. Laser printing. Fast and 
reasonable. Call InputlOutput. 535-3010. 
(4/30·617) 
Word Processing • any size, pick up & 
delivery. Fast tumaround . Call Sandy 
755·4316. (4130-617) 

Macintosh Repair • upgrades: 
Component level repair. FREEestlmates. 
Weekend Service. (Mac 128/512/Plus 
Power $89). Memory upgrades ALL Macs 
(Mac 128/512 to Plus starts @ $210). 
Pick·up/Delivery. 456·5916. Compufix. (5/ 
3·617) 

TYPING II I'll type your term papers etc. 
quickly and inexpensively. Laser printer. 
Call Jennifer: 558-6090. (513·5/31) 

Call Stormie for high quality word 
processing wl spell check . Available 
immediately. 450·9972. Competitive 
prices. (511 0-5114) 

Pregnant? Confused? Consider open 
adoption . All the choices are yours . Free 
confidential counseling available. 24 hour 
pregnancy hotline. Call to reach someone 
who cares about you. 279·381, . (51'0-51 
21 ) 

ALLERGIES? Asthma, hay fever, 
atopicdermlijtis? Free physician's exam 
and medication for very long term relief. 
New, safe, FDA approved test. Small 
compensation. Short test. Phone 277· 
2740. (5110·5129) 

Want a job? We make your resume so 
great they can 't resist hiring you. Call 278· 
84t6. (5/14·5/31 ) 

Word Processing Services. Papers, 
theses, resumes, Call 566·9096. (5114-51 
17) 

Tennis Instruction: Precise, individually· 
tailored methods foreHicient, rapid results. 
20 years teaching pro. 223·3928. (5114-51 
17) 

SUNGOD FESTIVAL THIS FRIDAYII 
Com~ "express yourself"1 Carnival during 
day on SunGod lawn , concert at night at 
Price Center Plaza I (5114-51'7) 

WANTED 
Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a study 
on the effects of alcohol. If you are a 
UCSD student or non·academic staH, 
American born male of entirety Japanese, 
Chinese, or Korean descent, call Scripps 
Clinic and Research Foundation for more 
information, 554·2192. (412·617) 

HousecJeaners, window washes, $7·$14/ 
hr. 8-25 hour week, flex, punctual , 
professional, reliable car, must have some 
experience, must work through summer, 
good references. 259·87311 M·F 12p.m· 
5p.m. leave message. (4126·617) 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

(\11 'SIIRSI 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino D el Rio 

North #315 

UNHAPPY? FREE research studies 
evaluating medications are available to 
people suffering from depression . 
Symptoms Include sadness, fatigue, guilt, 
loss of interest In daily activities, and 
difficulties sleeping , eating, and 
concentrating. Suitable volunteers receive 
Iree medications, laib tests, physicals and 
psychiatric evaluation. 18 or older. Free 
studies also available for panic. Call The 
Feighner Researc~ Institute at 464·4300 
Monday · Friday 10 a.m .• 4 p.m.(4/26·61 
7) 

TENNIS INSTRUCTORS tor 
summercamp in Big Bear, summer '90. 
Salary + rm & board. Please contact Eric 
Quaide (714) 786·3000. (4130,5117) 

We are looking for models Interested In 
free haircuts and consultations. Please 
call 488-8700. (4/30·5/31) 

Telephone Operators needed for 24 hour 
national party line. Atl shifts available FT, 
PT In Mission Valley location EARN UP to 
$1 OIhour while talking on the telephone . 
496·3361 . (4/30·5114) 

Broken Macintosh equipment wanted 
for CE student. Willing to negotiate a 
trade. Call 535"()930. (513·617) 

SUMMER WORK $9.85' to star!. National 
Retail chain filling 19 openings in San 
Diego county. No experience required. 
Scholarships available. No door to door 
or phone sales Involved. Must apply now, 
may start after linals. Call 9·5 p.m. 
Claire mont 483·4055, Encinitas 436-
8634. (517·617) 

Students Interested In sharing local, 
SECURE storage unit and expenses for 
entire summer only (I.e. June·September) 
Need 8·'0 to do so. Serious respondents 
only: Bobby: 452·1479 for details. (517·5/ 
21) 

SUMMER JOBS TO SAVE 
ENVIRONMENT Earn $2500·$3500. 
national campaign positions to pass Clean 
Air Act, stop toxic pollution, tighten 
pesticide controls & promote recycling. 
Available in 18 states & D.C. Intvws on 
campus 5/15,16,17 Call Kate toll·free at 
, ·800·75·EARTH. (SI7-5I14) 

85 people seriously interested n losing 
weight. Summer is coming II Act nowll 
Lynn 279·4265. (517·5/21) 

WANTED: Academic family needs rental 
(3+ bedrooms) in San Diego area. Call 
607·257·2908. (S/l0-5/14) 

PARTTIMEORFULL TIME ASSISTANT. 
Want public relations and marketing 
experience In a "real world" situation? No 
text, no instruction, just good experience 
in account coordination, some writing and 
client contact. Give us a call and your 
resume will thank you for it. Call Sheilah at 
558·2202. (5110-5114) 

Make $ and/or Lose Weight all at once. 
II's easy, it's funl GREAT job that can last 
lor as long as you wish . Have any 
QUESTIONS? Call Marla 587-0422. (5/ 
10-5117) 

FREE HIGHLIGHTINGI Models needed. 
Dark blonde to light brown layered hair 
with no previous highlights. Call Wendy at 
Years A Head for consultation, 455-2930 
Tuesday·Thursday 12·5. (5/14) 

Models (females) wanted for Model 
Search '90 Contest. Winner will receive a 
free professional modeling portfolio. Small 
registration fee. Call Lisa Studio 51 #484-
8863. (5114) 
FREE TRAVEL BENEFITSICruise ships 
and casinos now hiringl All positions I Call 
(1)602-838·8885 Ext. Y·18113. (5114) 
FREE TRAVEL BENEFITS I Airl ines now 
hiring I Atl positions I $17,500,$58,240. Call 
(1) 602·838' 8885 Ext. X-18113. (5114) 
ATTENTION: EARN MONEY READING 
BOOKSI $32,OOOlyear Income potential. 
Details (1) 602-838·8885 Ext. BK· '8' 13. 
(5114) 
ATTENTION - HIRINGI Government jobs 
• In your area. $17,840,$69,485. Call 1· 
602·838·8885 Ext. R·18113. (5114) 
ATIENTION • EARN MONEY TYPING 
IN YOUR HOMEI 32,OOO/yr. Income 
potential. DetailS (1 )602·838-8885 Ext. 
T· '8113. (5/14) 
WANTED: Cash for Bud, Coors, Lone 
Star and other beer mirrors, clocks and 
lighted signs. 452-8351 . (5114) 

Monday, May 14, 1990 

The City of San Diego has immediate 
vacancies for Pool Guard/Swim Instructor. 
Salary" $7.73 • $9.311hour. Requires: 
Current American Red Cross Water Safety 
Instructor Cert. and one 01 the following: 
Amer. Red Cross Adv . Lifesaving or 
lifeguard Training Card; YMCA SR 
Lllesaving Cert; or equivalent cert 
approved by the Dept. of Health Services. 
For more Informat ion contact : 
Employment Counter, 202 C St. City 
Admin. Bldg. Lobby, San Diego, CA Tel. 
(619)236·5753 . (5/14) 

Female models: attractive, voluptuous 
physique, some muscle (arms). Theme 
outfits, rolled up sleeves. $,5/hr. 753· 
8941 . (5114) 

Earn $SOO • $2000 part· time, per monthl 
Work your own hours I Need energetic 
people I phone 224·8529. (5/14·617) 

Are you looking lor a job that will pay for 
your room without leaving you bored?1 
VOTER REVOLT, California's largest 
public interest organization, is now hiring 
campaign staff to work on the most 
sweeping Insurance reform since Prop. 
103. Salaried positions. No experience 
necessary . Training provided. Ad · 
vancement opportunities. $225·4OOIwk. 
con campus Interviews 5/17, 5124, 5125 
Call (619) 299·0540. (5/14·5/24) 

FOR SALE 
A futon & Irame unused $95. 00 Can 
deliver. 268·0814 (4130·5/31) 

Surfboard, 7'2", good condition, excellenf 
learning board, must sell, cheap, on 
campus, call 558·1294, (Gene). (5/3-51 
17) 

Computer for sale!! XT compatible with 
640K RAM, mono monitor, 360K floppy 
drive, and 30 MB hard drive. Great for 
papers and funl $650.00 Call Ed 792· 
9135. (517·5/14) 
PEUGEOT racing bike, dble chro-moly 
231bs. 2 yrs, great shape, 23" blue frame, 
aero brakes, alloy rims, michelin tires, 
$300. Peter 4S7·3285. (5/10·5/14) 

1965 Ford Mustang; beautiful, runs 
perfect, f<litl $4, 700/best oHer. Aaron 558· 
6565. (5/(0·5/14) 

'976 BMW 2002, incredible condition, 
drives beautifully , like new. Must see, 
best offer. 792·1698. (5114·5117) 

Surfboards: 6'3" Nev, 6'3" Griffin thrusters. 
Excellent condo $170 each. 6'1" Rusty 
$130. Call 454-5996. (5/14·5121) 

Wetsuit , and spring suit + booties all 
O·Neili . $95, $65, and $10. Atl in great 
shape. 452·9819. (5114·5112) 

Surfboard, 6'4" Beenjammin. Like new, 
$170.00 Call Dave 452·9819. (5/14·5117) 

For sale: Ski's and polps; Centurian 10-
speed (needs 2 new tires). Robin 558-
1725. (5/14·5/17) 

Aldlls free hand V.2.0 for Macintosh. Never 
opened. Cost $375, sell $300/0.b.o. 
Michelle 535·8230. (5114·5/28) 

For sale: Beer neon sign. (Michelob Dry) 
$80.00 Call 457·3681 (5/14·5/21) 

ATIENTION: GOVERNMENT SEIZED 
VEHICLES Irom$I00. Fords, Mercedes, 
Corvettes, Chevys. Surplus Buyers Guide. 
1·602·838·8885 Ext. A· '8113. (5114) 

Moving sale : :lAicrowave • Toshiba $901 
offer. TV • Sharp remotelcable + stand 1 
year. old $1951ofler. AM·FM Cassette, 
Sony Mega Bass, Detachalble speakers 
only 6 months old. $80/0ffer. 558·0547. 
(5/14) 

Honda Accord LX Liftback, 1979, Auto, AI 
C, PIS, Runs Good, $t675 o.b.o. Call 
Dennis 558·0976. (5114) 

Blue Women's bicycle 12 speed new 26" 
$'75.00 534·2410 Days, 453·6164 
evenings. Ask for Ted. (5/1 4·5117) 

Seiling : Sharp CD player, $80, 
Commodore·64 disk drive, Star NX·l0 
printer, software · make offer · Matthew 
792·9573. (5114·512') 

Surfboards : 5" 0" and 6'3" thrusters. 
Perlect condition. Must sell, cheap. No 
dings. John 546·9304. (5/14) 

Monday, May 14,1990 

Scooter· Yamaha Riva '25. 4400 miles -
excellent condo $825 firm. Cost new 
51600.456-2421 . (5114) 

- ---

The following IBM graphics software 
packages are for sale : Certificate Maker 
& Clip Art: $20, Corel Draw: $100, Aldus 
Pagemaker: $100, Ventura Publisher: 
$150 . Michael 278·3711 for more 
Information . (5/14) 

Bicycles, Fuji Del Ray 26" Men's Good 
condition. $100/best Schwinn 22" Men's 
$60/best. 558·0547. (5/14 

Futon and 4'posi tion wooden frame, brand 
new $98.00 Delivery available, ans . 
machine $35.00 298·8768. (5114·5117) 

Skis, Dynastar 185om. tyrolla bindings, 
$100. Bike for campus, $50. David 566· 
4963. Both good condition. (5114) 

Yamaha CDX 820 CD player 8x · 18 bits, 
excellent sound, 2 month old. Call Chuck 
458·0661. (5114) 

David Bowie tix (3) for May 26, on 3rd 
base, price negotiable. Call Tanya 558· 
1090. (5/14) 

Seele • Ohaus Triple · Beam dial accurate 
to .01 gram. Mint condo 5100.00 (619) 
295·3539. (5114·5/17) 

All purpose mountain bike, like newl Only 
$100. Moon 558·8937. (5114) 

'81 Chevette by Chevrolet, near new tires, 
new radiator I Only 5900. Moon 558·8937. 
(5/14) 

Round trip air from SD·San Jose on 
Memorial Weekend 5125·5/28. Only $114. 
Moon 558·8937. (5114) 

2 beds (with Danish Oak frame) 5SO.00 
each. 1 coffee table $30.00 452·6782. (51 
14·5/17) 

Toyota Corolla SR5 Liftback, 1978, 5 
speed, AlC, PIB, AM·FM stereo. In 
excellent condition. $1 ,500 o.b.o. Betsy 
558·7032. (5114,5117) ~ 
Guitar custom ovation electric acoustic, 
perfect condition, w/case. $6000.b.o. Dina 
458·1638. (5/1405117) 

Bridgestone Desert Dueler Tires (4) 33x 12 
5RI5LT: $100.00; White Canvas Top for 
Suzuki Samurai wi frame (used 1 week) 
$7S.00; Samurai Bra (Black/Red) 550.00; 
Samurai Visors & rearview mirror $25.00. 
543·33725 (5114·5/21) 

HOUSING 
Quiet, clean, non-smOking 38 Yr. old 
female needs housing form 6·20·90 to 6· 
91 while doing internship in La Jolla. Vera 
916·894·7126. P.O. Box 1594, Chico, CA 
95927. Massage 916·343·3290. (5/3·5/ 
21) 

2 BLOCKS LAJOLLA BEACH. , bedroom 
Apt. Clean , responsible. No drugs. 456· 
2717. Inexpensive. $515(517·5/14) 

LJ Condo to share wlfemale 2BR, bi· 
level, security, garage, tennis, pool, all 
amenities, walk to UCSDlall shopping. 
Non·smoklng $437.50 + 1/2 utilities, 
avallable June 458·9168. (517·617) 
Del Mar • non·smoker student! 
professional wanted to share beautiful 
townhouse. All conveniences . 10 min. 
UCSD. Matthew 755·6632. (517·5117) 

3 bdrm condo, 2 single, 1 Master Bdrm to 
share, 2 bath, pool, jacuzzi, security, 
washerldryer, dishwasher, single 3501mo, 
1/4 utilities, 1st last. Double 300/mo, 1/4 
utilities, 114 utilities, 1 st and Last. Call 
Mike 450-1910. (5/10·5129) 

• 

Room , Board, salary, lor evening, 
weekend child care (Boy, 9) Female 
nonsmoker. Del Mar. 481 ·6'15. (5/10-51 
21) 

Available 6/20. Own room. Non smoker, 
male, nearUCSD, Vons, UTC. $300. 587· 
2154 Tom (5114-5117) 
Share 2 bdrm apt. in Normal Heights for 
summer or long term. 534·25211 283-
7887. (5114) 

Female roommate wanted for the summer. 
New condo, furnished. $300 + t/3 utilities. 
Call 558·7716. (5/14·5117) 

Roommatesls needed: Available 6114·9/ 
1. Own room and bath at La Jolla Poinl 
Apts. near UTC. $415 single + t/2 utilities 
or $267.50 double + '/3 utilities each. 
Michelle 535·8230. (5/14·5/21) 

Female to share room on Villa La Jolla 
Drive $212.50/month no smoking, busy 
atmosphere. 558·1 725. (5114·5/17) 

Huge rooms for summer! No security 
deposit and 1/2 month rent free! 5 min. 
from campus. 2 previously installed 
roomies. Don't pass this one up! Call 
Stuart or Jeff 558·1928. (5114·5117) 

Two rooms avallable June 1 325.00 Each 
+ 1/3 utilities. Between Vons and Big 
Bear. Janet 546·1309. (5114·5124) 

Univ. city condo, 3 BR, 1 1/2 bath, 2 story, 
large enclosed patio, refrig, washer, dryer, 
garage, pool . nr. new carpets $990.00 
450·0070 availalble 6/1190 (5114) 

Roommate wanted for 3 bedroom, 2 bath 
house near Clairemont Square with big 
back yard and laundry. Availalble mid· 
May. $310+ 1/3 utilities. Non·smoker, no 
pets 270·9515, Phyllis or Dave. (5/14) 

Wanted· Two people mate and/or female 
share master bedroom. Own bath, balcony 
furnished condo (except bedroom) near 
Vons. Move in after finals $250 each, 1/4 
utilities. HeatherlNatalie 558·2374. (5114· 
5/24) 

Roommate wanted: nonsmoking, mature 
female. Mira Mesa condo own bedroom! 
bath $300. Share utilities. 689-8755. (51 
14-5/17) 

La Jolla, 3 br. 2 1/2 ba condo for rent. 
$1050. Bike to UCSD. Attached garage, 
tennis, pool, 757-4268. (5/14) 

Across street from UCSD. Master 
bedroom for 2, own bath. Summer only, 
John, Paul 546·9304. (5/14·5/17) 

2 Br. condos starting at $'25,000 near 
UCSD + 2 br/2 ba condo Pacific Beach 
$169,000. Don 457·2730. (5114) 

Planning to move? 
BE PREPARED 

111111 
Come to the 
Off-Campus 

Housing 
Workshop on 

Thursday, 
May 17. 1990 

6:30 p.m. at the 
Price Center 
Cove Room 

Sponsor.d by 
Commuter Student SVCs. 

and the AII-Campus 
Commuter Board 

Your Interest-Bearing Checking Account Is 

Free of Monthly Service Charges 
at 

• 

AMERICAN SAVINGS BANK 
For One Full Year! 

ATM Card Inclu ded 
First order of 200 checks FREE 
To Take Advantage of this Offer ... 

Present thi coupon at the La Jolla Branch 
7825 Fay Ave., corner of Fay a: Silverado • 456·3711 

• 

r 
• 

r ~~----'---~----~~~ave 

The UCSD Guardian 

LOST AND FOUND 
PLEASE call Sascha (558·8092) if you 
find my Anthropology 1181inal paper. $20 
REWARDII No questions asked. (511 0·5/ 
24) 

PERSONALS 

To Doc Frannie: CONGRATULATIONS 
to the next Surgeon Generaill!1!1 Love, 
Nightingale, Pop, and Jacks. (5/14) 

Thanks brothers of Sigma Chi Alpha for 
joining us in cleaning the beaches. Love, 
Sigma K. (5/14) 

Thanks to the brothers of SAE for a 
"stylin'" night. Love, the sisters of Sigma 
K. (5/1 4) 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

Summer is almost here, so don·t miss 
out on the final big bash of spring. 
SPRING FLING '90 . the Warren 
College Semi·formal, May 25th at the 
Faculty Club. (5/10-5/21) 

Brian, What's up with Memorial Day 
weekend? Give me a call and let me 
know what is going on, if anything. (5/ 
14) 

Kari • Hope your foot feels better quick, 
I know what a pain it is to be on crutches! 
5/14) 

STUDINTIYOUTH TOURS 
"One-Week Leningrad & ~aw 
··other U.S.S.R. tours available 

SUNGOO FESTIVAL THIS FRIDAY! 
Come "express yourself"! Carnival 
during day on SunGod lawn, concert at 
night at Price Center Plazal (5/14-5/17) 

Su- Red paint , green pets, orange fish, 
what's next Blue Hawaiians? Just think 
you can relive last year June 181 (5114) 

UCSD .. ICI CINIII 1_ floor ( __ .............. c.IIte,) 
451·0630 

Engineering & Computer Science Malors: 

1987 
Introduced the Highest 
Performance Forward 
Error Correction 
System on a Single 
VLSI Device 

1989 
Demonstrated the 
First Practical Digital 
Cellular Phone System 
Based on Spread 
Spectrum Techniques 

1991 

? 
• 

1988 
Developed the First 
Commercial 
Mobile Satell ite 
System 
(OmniTRACS®) 

1990 
Define the U.S. 
Standard for 
High Definition 
Television 

Help Us 
Get Ready 
for 1991 ... 

We are currently seeking analog and digital hardware engineers and software engineers 
interested in DSP and real-time micro-processor applications to work or: the following 
programs: 
_ Spread spectrum cellular telephone systems 
_High definition television transmission 
_Mobile satellite network terminals 
_Satellite based navigation sy tems 
_Advanced signal processing in VLSI 
_Packetized telemeuy transmission for flight training systems 
Qualcomm Inc., offers career advancement, competitive salaries and a full range of com-
pany paid benefits that start on your date of hire. Interested students should send resume 
and transcripts to: Qualcomm, 10555 Sorrento Valley Road, San Diego, CA 92121, 
ATfN: Diane Kourafas. 

" .. , the elegant solution" " 
10SSS Sorrento Valley Road 

San Diego, CA 92121 
An Equal Opportunity Employer. 

• 



. . 

22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardjan 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS By PHIL GRUEN (Phil is currenlly 25-16-2) 
Are the Lakers Through? Favorite YES 

Odds 
4-1* 

Underdog 
NO 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS ... Down 3-1 to Phoenix, the odds are unquestiunably against the 
Lakers as they attempt to come back in the playoffs. But wait a second. These are the 
Lakers we're talking about. The Lakers. The Lakers do not lose to Phoenix. They just 
don't. They do not lose, period. And now they're returning home, to put this series back 
into perspective and show the Suns that they have no busine s thinking they can beat 
one of the greatest teams in the history of basketball. Check that. One of the greatest 
teams in the hi tory of sport. Period. The Lakers just wanted to get the Suns excited-
to let them get a lead. And now they will crush them. Easily. PHIL says ... 

TAKE THE LAKERS 
"'OtTK:lIllinc from Ole my. u 's Je/lGold, CSO. CA 

8AN DIEGO OPEN 

~p"eSeN~O.V 

~ SATURDAV & SUNDAY ~ ~ l M~YM t~,~O t?'"~ t~~.~ L.A.LOOKS 
SPONSC>AED IN P Ar.tT B V 

~ 
~/_i 3fl.'WOMENS 

PMT OF ,,.,,,,,,,.. PRO IlACH 
THE HilTON YlIDWnI 

SANCTIONED BY THE PROOUCED BY 

WILD 
Hair Style 
Contest 
S(J1, 1:00 pm 
Win ~~~ and 
o Ir{l to Me~ol 

Monday, May 14, 1990 

IN THE BLEACHERS by Steve Moore 
111,l1li,--- ... 
,. ...... --

"Wayne, you idiot!" 

Play for a National 
Champion 

INTERCOLLEGIATE SCORES 
IIEN'S TENNIS (12-11, renu.t IIIlrd natlonolly) 

at NCM Division III National 
Championships in Swanhmor •• PA 
DePauw d. UCSD 5·1 

WOMEN'S SOCCER 
The 1989 Division III National 
Champion women's soccer 
team is holding open tryouts 
every Wednesday at 6 p.m. on 
't'bird Field. 

WOMEN'S ,-- (1~. r.,ked 101 nalloMlly) 
at NCM Division III National 
Championships in T",mon. NJ 
Scor.s Lat. 

ICA THIS WEEK S EVENTS 

HOllE EVEJrnI If IIOLD 
IIEN'S~ 

at NCM Dlvilion '" National 
Championohlpsln Swanhmor • • PA. 
Today·SUn .. Ali Day For more Information, contact Head Coach Brian McManus 

(H) 456-9939 (W) 534-4211 
WOMEN'ST_ 

at NCM Divilion '" National 
Championships In T .. 01on. NJ, 
Today·Sat., Ali Dey 

AT THFSE 5 I-HK LAB LOCATIONS 
For more information call 272-1332. 

PAClFIC BEACH 
• 1088 Garnet Avenue 
• 1772-A Garnet Avenue 
SAN DIEGO 
• 6175 Balboa Avenue 
• 8650 Genesee Avenue 
DEL MAR 
• Del Mar Heights Village 

2652 Del Mar Heights 

Kodak 
Film 
Sale $888 

FOJC PHOTO COUPON 

'10 OFF 
VIDEO TRANSFER 
Your Movies to Video Tape 

S"'e on the next Video Trin,fer urder (140 00 minimum) you 
le,we .t .ny Fox POOto locatIOn, Excludes use 0( other coupons. 
Offer expires 5-l6-')O COUPON MUST ACCOMPANY ORDER 

il/2 OFF DEVELOPING & PRINTING Film developing and firsl set or prints rrom 35mm. 110. Il6 or Disc color print roll 6101 (fuU rrame, C-41 plOO'SS) Coupon reproductions are IlOI accepced Coupon nOl valid with ocher ~ or rt'p<int orders On. roll per coupon. Good throu)!ll ;·19-90 2t an Fox PholO stort'. COUPON MU IT ACCOMPANY ORDU 1.\5 

Monday, May 14, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Brian Morris/Guardjan 
Yvette Marzullo and Erica Washington ran the first two legs on the 4x1 OOm relay team that qualified 
for Nationals in its last opportunity, with a time of 40.83 seconds at Saturday's Occidental Invitational. 

TRACK 
Continued from page 24 
discus and shot, has already quali -
fied for the National meet in both 
events. 

Onthemen'sside, Merrill Hora 
ran a school record 14:43~ I in the 
5,OOOm to finally assure himself a 
spot at the National Meet. 

He will join teammates Scott 
Sargeant (discus and hammer), 
Paul Cogbill (discus and hammer), 
and David Myers (800m). 

Sargeant took fourth in the 
hammerthrow at Saturday's meet. 

It was a bittersweet afternoon 
for the men's 4x400m relay team. 

lis 3 : 18.88 mark on Saturday 
was good enough for a school rec-
ord, but fell just short of the na-
tional qualifying time. 

With the regular season now 
behind them, the qualifying Tri-
tons now have a week to prepare 
for the National Meet at North 
Central College in Naperville, Illi-
nois. 

They leave one week from to-

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulations: 
• Sendyourentryonan8112"by 

11" sheet of paper along with YOllr 
name, year in school. hometow~l , 
college you attend at UCSD, ma-
jor, address, and phone nllmber 
to: Sports Editor, UCSD Guard-
ian, B-016, La lolla , CA 92093 . 
You may also drop it in the sports 
editor's box at the Guardian of-
fice. located upstairs in the Stu-
dent Center, across from the gym. 

• All UCSD students, staff. and 
fa culty are eligible to enter, except 
for GlIardian staff members and 
employees of Bl's -

• Limit one entry per person per 
week. Entries must be at the GlIard-
ian by Saturday ar 5 p.m. 

NATIONAL QUALIFIERS 
A FINAL LISTING OF TRITONS WHO 

HAVE OIW.FIED FOR THE 
DIVISION II NATIONALS .. 

NAPERVIlLE. Il., IIA Y 2S-26 
WOMEN 
Rachel Beerman. discus 
Susan Christy. high lump 
Michelle Conley. 3.000m. 5,OOOm. 
10.000m 
Denise McFayden. 3,000m 
Shannon Qu~, shot put and discus 
Shelley Squllb. dI8cus 
Erica WasI*lgton, 100m. 200m 
4Xl00m relay leam: Yvelle Marzullo, 
Wllshington. VIcki Dundday, Michelle 
Miledge 
MEN 
Paul Cogbill. discus 
MerrHI Hora. 5,ooom 
David MyeIS. 800m 
Sc:oa Sargeant. hammer 

day and will comp<"le from May 
23-26. 

Stanforth sees a lot of potential 
success for his athletes at the meet. 

" If everybody perfonns at the 
level that gOI them where they are, 
they should be successful," he said. 

The women's team returns with 
high hopes following last year's 
fourth place showing. 

It will send a strong conlingent 

• The persoll who comes up with 
the most correa entries, as deter-
mined by the judges, will be de-
clared the grand prize winner and 
will be recognized when the quiz is 
printed the following week. /11 the 
event of a tie. a drawing will be 
held to determine the grand prize 
winner, Those correct efllries 1101 
selected as the grand prize winner 
will be considered rllnners-up. 

• Th e gralld prize winner will 
receive a $10 gift certificate from 
Bl's. Runners-up call obtain afree 
pitcher of either Michefob Draft or 
soda when dining at B}'s Chicago 
Pizzeria, located in La Jolla Vi/-
lage Square. A list of all winners 
will be posted at B}'s each week, 
and winners must show idefllifica-
lion to claim prizes, 

This week's questions: 
1. Who is the San Diego Padres' 

general and field manager? 
2. What state do the Kansas City 

Royal play their home games in? 
3. Cecil Ficlderplayed baseball in 

what country last year? 
4. True or False: Mark McGwire 

of athletes, representing each as-
pect of the competition. 

In addition to Ihe relay leam, 
Washington, and Quigley, Rachel 
Beell1lan (discus), Susan Christy 
(high jump), Michelle Conlay 
(5,OOOm a nd 1O,OOOm), Denise 
McFayden (3,000m), and Shelley 
Squibb (discus) will be trying to 
improve on last year's showing. 

Stanforth noted that this year 
Ihe Tritons have more point scor-
ing potential , but also pointed out 
that the other top teams have im-
proved as weI!. 

The men are also in aposition to 
improve over lasl year five point 
perfonnance. 

According to Stanforth, the 
men 's team will certa inly score 
more points than last year when it 
only tallied five points, and is in a 
position to finish higher than ever. 

Stanforth is clear about the 
team's goals. 

" If we can get a top five finish 
from the women and a top 10 fin ish 
from the men, we'll be happy," he 
concluded. 

was the starting first baseman on the 
1984 U.S. Olympic learn. 

S. Who is the 1990 NBA Rook ie 
of the Year? 

6. Trueorfa lse: Fay Vincent is the 
commissioner of the NFL. 

7. True or false: Terry Crisp is 
currently the Calgary Flames' Head 
Coach. 

S. What MLB team does Gary 
Carter play for? 

9. What boxer did Sports lilliS-
trated once tout as "Kid Dynamite"? 

10. Where are the Division III men's 
and women 's tennis nationals currenll y 
being held? 

Last week's answers: 
1. 00 
2. Summer Squall 
3. Bobby Knight 
4. False; Chad Kreuter did. 
5. Mike SCOIt 
6. Auburn 
7. Mario Lemieux 
S. Barny Sanders 
9. United States 
10. Mazda Track Club 
Lasl week's winner: 
Oscar Cai'ledo 
Senior, Revelle, Anthropology 
National City, CA 
Runners-up: Jason Hilt, Ian Reed 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

SPORTS 23 

BEER BEFORE BAllS· Women's Softball 
Th( Milwaukre Brewers play in a st:ldium that has a huge beer barrel 

mounttd above the outfield bleachers. 
Women 's softball's Beer &fo ... &Ills have a similar feature. The only 

difference is their beer barrel is filled before each game. and emptied by game 's 
end. 

For this bunch , Tuesday afternoons have become a highly ritualized eVent. 
Starting around 2 p.m" team members gather in captain Nicole Blanchard's 
jacuzzi. But the"" aro not the only suw these gals will soak up-one person is 
already on their way to Beer King. What beer to get, though? Simple . Ifit 
docsn 't havr a puzzle on the inside of the cap, it st:lys on the shelf. After three 
hours of highly constructive activity, B"rris "ready" for their ball game. 

And so it goes every Tuelday. Last Tuesday they had some good fortune .5 
their opponrnrs showed up with only six players, B,mstililost 25-t, but they 
W(fC, right in it for about half an inning or so. 

At 1· 3, ""veraJ team members arc concerned that their record docs not 
accurately rcfkct their ability. 

"Yeah, I don't know how we won that one game," said team spokesperson 
Pao-icia Ducker. 

To a team who"" breathalizer scores arc higher than their fielding 
percenrage-&en &/Ort Balls, this ... Tummy Buster's for you . 

Illstructor's Course Readers 

Ca' C[]py 
• SELF SERVICE COPIERS 

• VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

• Free Parking 

• Book Binding 

• Copies while you wait 

Hours: Mon_oThu. 8:30.6:30; Fri. 8:3M; Sat. 12-4 
E.<p 51311190 

).!J I flolit/'ll (I (" .. \1 1,,/"JtltllltlO , /',::a) 452.9949 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

- ~~--=.~~ 
- - -~- -~ 

--=- - - -=--~ -

"". Mann< Officer. )oo could Ix- in charge of a or lunlOr, .... " .m.lUI oor PI.luon i.c'oiders Oa.o.s 
Mach l ~ F· A· ISA, alerlK'oIi !<ike·off IIarner or prognm. If you're .",,,,,,,. check 0111 IIur Officrr 
One of ourOlher (ets or h<licoptfrs. And)oo coukI CandJd:lle Oass progranl> SUruoK:.aiane. are 
dou", lhelime)oo'relj BUtiltJkesaspecl3l from SI8.00(lIoSl~,OOO A"drouc::.1 I. 
rommJlm('fH nn )HUr JrMt \l'r ,--------_..., munt on going 
dcnundl<ade"JtJlliell'b Go ~~~ .. .,." folflher f""" ""e~h)'OUlolx-""" Ir ~~ U~r. •• 
)"ure. frt's"m;m,sophomore. faster. H*irboiitf/lIJ,.&/IOO'I ...... 

THE MARINES WILL BE AT REVELLE ON THE 14TH, 
WARREN ON THE 15TH AND THIRD ON THE 17TH. 

FOR MORE INFORMATION CALL 294-2174 



. . 

. \ 

24 SPORT The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 14,1990 

Sports 
Track and Field Crams 
For Marks at Occidental 
Last Chance to Qualify Adds Three More to Nationals 

By TOM RIZZUTI 
taffWriter 

While mo t of us won't be cramming for final until 
a few weeks from now, the UCSD track team did a little 
cramming of it own on Saturday. 

The Tritons traveled up to the Occidental College 
Invitational knowing the meet would be their last chance 
to qualify athletes for next week's National competi-
tion. They re ponded with three new qualifiers, as three 
chQol records fell on the afternoon. 

women' 4x 100 meters relay team. In what would have 
been its last meet, the team of Yvette Marzullo, Erica 
Washington, Vicky Dunckley, and Michelle Milledge 
recorded a time of 40.83, which not only broke a school 
record, but came out well under the national qualifying 
mark. 

In addition to her uccess in the relay, Washington, 
who had already qualified in the 100m, posted a time of 
25.28 in the 200m to qualify in that event. 

She finished second in both events on Saturday. 
In the women's field events, the Tritons were led by 

Shannon Quigley 's third place finish in the discus. 
Brian Morris/Gllardian 

The Triton national qualifier list soared to 14 Saturday at Oxy. 

It wa a day in which Triton Head Coach Mark 
Stanforth aw "several good things" happen. 

The highlight of the day was the performance by the 
Quigley, the defending national champion in both the 

See TRACK, page 23 

MEN'S AND WOMEN'S TENNIS NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS - FIRST ROUND 

Men Stopped Cold by DePauw in Opener 

Rlmas UzgirlslGuardian 
Sig Huber and the Tritons could not break the team's opening-round jinx, faltering once again in their first tournament match . 

Postseason Outlook is Gloomy 
Baseball Picture Clouds When West Regional Selection Committee Recommends 
to National Committee That UCSD Be Denied a Bid to Division III Playoffs 

By PETER KO 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD baseball team received ex-
actly the opposite of a vote of confidence 
when it was revealed yesterday that the 
West Regional Selection Committee had 
recommended to the National Selection 
Committee on Thursday that the Tritons not 
be offered a bid to the Regional Champion-
ships, sour<;es aid. 

Sources added that the Regional Com-
mittee had recommended CSU San Bernar-
dino and Claremont for the two openings. 

No official confirmation had been re-
ceived as of late yesterday from the National 
Committee. 

All hope for UCSD Head Coach Lyle 
Yate and his team, however, is not lost. 

Last season, the Regional Selection 
Committee made the same recommenda-
tion to the National Selection Committee: 
that CSU San Bernardino and CSU Stanis-
laus be offered bids, and the Tritons be 
denied one. 

The National Committee overruled the 
Regional decision, however, and the Tritons 
faced CSUS while CSUSB tayed home. 

Sources noted that the chances of last 
year's overruling happening again does not 
eem likely, since CSUSB does not have a 

playing facility available and the host team 
would have to be notified early. 

The news come one week after the West 

Regional Committee decided to delay a final 
decision until the Tritons completed their 
regular season schedule with a road contest 
against CSU Dominguez Hills and a home 
game against San Diego State. 

The Tritons defeated CSUDH, 4-0, but 
fell to SDSU 10-2. 

Before the SDSU game, Yates had aid 
that the only advice the committee had given 
him was: Play well in your final two game . 

UCSD was in contention with CSU San 
Bernardino, La Verne, and Claremont for a 
regional pot. 

According to Yates, CSUSB was virtu-
ally a lock for one spot, leaving the other 
three teams to scramble for the one remain-
ing opening. 

5-1 Loss Marks 
Third Straight Year 
UCSD Has Fallen 
In the First Round 

SWARTHMORE, PA - If only the 
Division ill National Tournament did 
not have a first round. 

This might seem just a bit illogical, 
but to the eighth-seeded UCSD men's 
tennis team, it probably sounds like a 
capital idea. 

Yesterday' s 5~ 1 opening round loss 
to DePauw extends the Tritons' tourna-
ment O-for-first-round streak to three 
years , and kept them winless in openers 
under Head Coach Jon Hammermeister. 

Tim Ditzler pulled off the only Triton 
victory, a 6-1 6-1 cakewalk through 
DePauw's Kyle Gamble at number five. 

Other individual match scores were 
unavailable at press time. 

UCSD faces St. John 's tomorrow in 
the consolation bracket, where a seventh 
place finish is the best UCSD can achieve 
after taking sixth last year. 

- DANA CHAIKEN 
• EDITOR'S NOTE 

At preIS time, the results or the 
women's match were unavailable. 

UCSD Head Coach Lyle Yates hopes 
that last season's lightning strikes again. 


