
Inside ... 
OPINION ......... .. .4 
FEATURES .. .. .... . 8 
SPORTS .. ..... ... . 24 

A Litany Of 
Forum Failures 4 

The UCSD 

Wasting Away: 
Eating Disorders 8 

Women~5wim 
At Nationals 24 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 69, #19 THURSDAY, MARCH 8, 1990 

Atkinson Addresses Audience 

Ground Broken For New 
UCSD Thornton Hospital 
By CHRI STEINS 
raffWrirer 

The groundbreaking ceremony for 
UCSD' new Thornton Hospital took place 
yesterday afternoon, attended by more than 
300 fa ulty, taff, community members, and 
tudent . 

The UC Regents approved the construc-
tion of the new hospital in 1988 as part of the 
UCSD health care system. The new ho pital 
i expected to be completed in 1992ataco t 
of 65 million, according to NarH.':y Stringer, 
a UCSD Medical Center .spokes per on. 

According to Stringer, the ho pital will 
be located east of the main campu , acros1' 
from Inter tate 5. She added that the facility 
will be the fir t step in the construction of a 
new health complex on the 40-acre ite, and 
will include the Pearlman Ambulatory Care 
Center and the Shiley Eye Center. 

The 120-bed hospital will be operated as 
part of the larger UCSD Medical Center, 
which is located in Hillcrest. According to 
Stringer, the new hospital will allow more 
space for offices and re earch at the crowded 
Medical Center, which currently accommo-
dates 459 beds, according to information 
provided by the Medical Center. 

"The d velopment of the East Campus i 
beginning ... and the Thornton Ho pital is 
the keystone for opening this area up," said 
Chancellor Richard Atkin on, who wa one 
of seven speakers at the ceremony. 

The hospital is named for John and Sally 
Thornton, who donated $5 million toward 
its construction. John Thornton is a graduate 

of Pomona College and the Harvard Gradu-
ate School of Bu iness, and is currently 
directing a numberofhigh technology firms 
in the San Diego area. 

Sally Thornton, a published author with 
an undergraduate and master's degree in 
history from the University of San Diego, 
serve as chair of the Medical Center Plan-
ning Board and a director of the UCSD 
Cancer Center Foundation. 

Photo courtesy or CSO Medical Center 

A scaled model of Thornton Hospital shows the $65 million facility as it will look when 
it opens in 1992. The hospital will be named for John and Sally Thornton. ee HOSPITAL, page 7 

NATO Political Affairs Official Speaks 
To Students and Faculty On Campus 
By SHERRY LOWRANCE 
Guardian Reponer 

German Ambassador Henning 
Wegener, assistant secretary 
general for political affairs for the 
North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-
tion, spoke yesterday to a lunch-
eon audience here of about 70 
students, faculty , and community 
member on NATO 's changing 
role in Europe. 

The pre entation was spon-
sored by the Institute on Global 
Conflict and Cooperation (IGCC), 
a research organization funded 
bytheUCwhkhlltudie thecau e 
of international conflict and how 
to minimize it. 

Wegener aidhewa plea ed 
with the recent "v ictory of 
democracy and the demi e of 
repressive regimes" in Europe. 

TheSoviet Union is currently 
experiencing "total systemic 
failure," he aid, and becau e of 
this, the ecurity needs of Eu-
rope are changing. Military 
might can no longer ubjugate 
Europe, and thus the role of 
military power in Europe is 
diminished, he aid. 

Wegener aid it is tiII "theo-
retically pos ible" forthe Soviet 
Union to invade Europe; how-
ever, in a practical ense, an at-
tack is almo t impossible. 

"The disintegration of the 
War aw Pact is almo t com-
plete," Wegener explained. 

If the Soviet Union were to 
attack NATO member nation , 
it could not count on the upport 
of Eastern European forces, he 

aid. 
According to Wegener, the 

need for military security ha 
sub ided, and the need for sta-
bility has taken its place. Thi 
redefinition of security in Eu-
rope includes both a military 
a pect and a political a pect, he 
aid. 

Wegener explained that in-
stead of providing a defen e 
again t an unlikely attack, 
NATO 's pre ence should pro-
vide long-term military stabil -
ity. This tability can be ac-
complished by a bilateral re-
duction in military force to a 
lower, Ie s provoking level , he 
aid. 

Wegener al 0 feel that the 
prolife ration of dangerou 
arm , u ed to destablize devel-
oping countrie, uch as nu-
clear or chemical weapon , 
must be topped. The political 

dimen ion of security in ludes 
"overcoming the divisions of 
Europe" and encouraging the 
Soviet Union to be more con-
ciliatory, he aid. 

Wegener asserted that much 
work needs to be done in the 
area of arms control. 

Arms need to be reduced to 
a more manageable level, and 
once that i accompli hed, arms 
control agreements hould be 
carefully managed. he aid. 
Wegener added that the reduc-
tion of arms cannot be so dra -
tic as to jeopardize Europe's 
tability. NATO mu t till 

"provide reas urance" to Eu-
rope, he aid. 

According to Wegener, the 
afety net of nuclear tability L' 
till needed in Europe. The 

number of nuclear weapon 
mu t be greatly reduced, but a 

ee NATO page 3 

A.S. Informed Of Library Addition 
By MARY BETTY HEARD 

The A.S. Council wa informed about the 
upcoming con tru tio~ of Central Library la t 
night by Boone Hellmann and John Strula of the 
fa ilitie , de ign, and con truction department 

ccording to Strula, the library con truction 
will add over 200.000 quare feet to Central 
Library through two underground level . Whil 
the ience and Engineering Library Will be 
moved int th new pace, all other campus 
librari ~ will remain at their pre ent ite. 

trula said the project will co tan e 'timated 
8 million, to come fr m high-te h tale re e-

nue b nd inlliead of tudent fund~ . onstruc-
tion will begin this month. 

Final ompletion may be in 24 month:' trula 'aid. 
The two major concern of ouncil member ' 

were the removal of eucalyptu trees and the limi-
tation and di ruption of tudy space. 

"We wi I be removing 246 tree, _5 percent 01 
which are di ea ed," trula aid. He added that 
planner will try to reestabli h the character of the 
area by replanting a many tree a po ible. 

s to the que tion of di rupted study pace. 
"Therewillbedi ruption ... ifitbecome aproblem, 
we a k you to contact u ," Hellmann aid. 

In ther bu ' in , the . . allocated .470, ith 
a $2.000 underwrite from General Unall ated to 

. . Programming fort he pring Fe tivaH r Pea e. 
The fund ' wi 11 go to aspect. of the fe ,tival rangll1g 
from te hnical co 'ts to ent rtalOl11ent. 

Paul "Monty" Ashley juggled and joked during his three-minute performance 
at Tuesday night's college comedy competition. 

"Wee~timateacompletiondate in late uguM 
or earl eptember f ne. t year for the first 
phae. The se' nd ph. 'e, which will in lude 

in~tallment ofprinkler" Will b gin s n after. 

ccording to Jonathan J udaken. the rganizer 01 
the festi al. the program will feature entertainment 
and 30-40 peace rganizatl ns. 

orne c uncll members e pre ' d a de ire to 
e F TI L. page 3 



UCNEWS 
UCSC Students Stage Sit-In To 
Protest Possible Ethnic Study Cuts 

SANTA CRUZ- Approximately 200 UCSC stu-
dents staged an all-night sit-in outside the offices of the 
academic vice chancellor Tue day night, demanding 
pennanent funding for ethnic studies programs. 

A Tuesday afternoon "Rally Against Hate" protest-
ing recent racist, sexist, and homophobic outbursts on 
the UCSC campus led to the demonstration. A UC Stu-
dent Association representative made a speech indicat-
ing that a decision was going to be made by Academic 
Vice Chancellor Michael Tanner regarding cuts in eth-
nic studies funding at the university. According to Phil 
Collum, the chairman of the Budget and Legislation 
Committee ofthe UCSC Student Union Assembly, this 
speech led to a march on Tanner's office. 

"A lot of the group wanted to talk to Tanner. It was 
completely unplanned, and by the time [the students) got 
there, at 4 p.m ., Tanner was gone," Collum said. 

According to Collum, the group decided to stay in the 
large foyer between the McHenry Library and the of-
fices of the chancellor and vice chancellor to compile a 
list of demands to be given to Tanner. 

Tanner met with the students at 7 a.m. yesterday, and 
said that he agreed to maintain the $44,000 set for ethnic 
studies funding in 1990-91, according to the Sama Cruz 
Independem. 

"I have never had any intention of cutting ethnic 
studies," Tanner said, adding that he was ·'working ... to 
see that ethnic studies stays on an even footing." 

Tanner did agree to hold forum-style "monthly 
meetings" with student, and indicated that funding 
could not be cut back in the futu re because "most ethnic 
tudies courses are taught by tenured faculty." 

American Studies Lecturer Marge Frantz did not 
concur, claiming that most ethnic studies courses are 
funded with "soft money," funding that must be re-
viewed and renewed from year to year. 

At press time Wednesday night, the group of students 
was planning to spend another night in the foyer, despite 
possible arrest by the police, according to Collum. 

''The students are planning on staying there until 
Tanner gives them a two-hour block of time to speak 
with him, and until he guarantees permanent fundmg for 
ethnic studies," he said. 

-Jason nell 

Calvin and Hobbes 

UCSB Basketball Victory Leads To 
Destruction, Fire, and 'Extinction' 

SANTA BARBARA- Chunks of debris and smol-
dering pile of burned furniture cluttered the streets of 
Isla Vista Feb. 27, the remnants of a celebration that fol-
lowed the UCSB basketball team's winoverthe Univer-
sity of Nevada, Las Vegas. 

For tWQ hours after the game, firefighters battled 10 
dump ter fires, numerous couch burnings, and a blazing 
IS-foot paper-mache dinosaur which was quickly ren-
dered "extinct," a fITe department official said. 

Doused dumpsters were repeatedly reignited by 
overzealous celebrants, but the threat was "minimized" 
because the dumpsters were pushed into the street, away 
from trees, power lines, and automobiles. 

One police officer was struck by a flying beer can, and 
a fire truck was assaulted by numerous flying objects, but 
there were no injuries reponed. 

"This is the best town in America," student John 
Bruning said, gazing at the crackling garbage dumpster 
and the intoxicated UCSB fans dancing around it. 

6tt' UCSD NEWS J 
$20M Grant Given To Med School 
By Swiss Pharmaceutical Company 

The UCSD School of Medicine has been given a $20-
million grant by a Swiss drug company to study the 
causes of arthritis . 

The grant, which includes over $6 million for lab 
space and $1 million annually until the tum of the 
century, was given by the Ciba-Geigy Corporation, and 
is the largest single grant ever received by the school, ac-
cording to a repon in the Los Angeles Times. 

According to officials at the medical school , the 
arthriti research will be a pan of the Institute for Re-
search on Aging, and the research team will be led by 
Dennis Carson, a scientist at Scripps Clinic. 

Watson Letter Indicates That 
Co-op Contract Is 'Not An Option' 

Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs Joe Wat-
son said, in a letter 10 UCSD co-ops, that the current 
contract between the co-ops and the University Center, 
approved by the University Center Board (UCB) on Feb. 
12, is "not an option." 

by Bill Watterson 

nilS foI.oRI'\It-\G I \1~0 I>. WON!:IE.Rf\JL DRUM B'i ~O\r<G III~ 1>.\1\01'" 0\)( lIJ£:50A~'S 001'11 
sr~R, MI)CII ~~t: sm:r />.r.\O I'IJS\1II\G DO'fIN Wo.I<D , I fOil 0 I COOLO suSP£t-IO "'dSE\.f 

/>. FE'" IT£\, ,,~'I't. n1~ G~t-\O 1 ' L"PKD IIr>.ROCR . M-ID 3:()!-( t ~t..s 
~\t-IG tH~.tl£S5L'I 0'lt:.R M ~'" ~O lH£\'\\OOE ~, 1 
C(NLO FLY: I r.oLO£O III" "'Rtil.S \lAC\:". tlol.O ZOO!'o\£O lOll o~t:R T\\£O 
tI£IGJ,\?I::lRI<()()() £'l't.R\~t. 'tI"S ~\O\~1.£D . "NO 11I\:''I RJ>.N ,,~ I)\,\OCR 

Ti1"N 1>\IS . 

'~~~~~i ME IC 1 S\\C) ~ 11\£N r ~I(.E\£O IJP S> ."S, lHAI foI.~ E~E.S 
. ~ W"n:oRUJ ~ lH£ 'tI11\\) I l}.IJG\\\:.O M-ID L/>'IJ<»It.\). 1'I\"¥.Ir.\E, \-\\)G£ 

~'tI'fIO ! 1'5 IIOIIBES I UKlB8'S\£ 
S'fIEEI'~· ~, \It. "S .)\lST '" 
81G SNOOGIE. ·~I£, \':.I'l~ 
I\E· i~ \IE. /S .' \·la(~O , 

SNOOGI£ · 'NOOG \E. ! 

LOOI'S K~% nil:. 51<.'<' •. 11\"'1$ 'tI\\£N ~ ~Kt lilt. ~ AAO S"'O 
1 ~s Gc\"II> TO WSS 1\\E. B\l':, If I ClOtH GU III~ BoTIllM QIJ, ~ 
B£O. 2Il MINU\ES LAl'C.'K , \-\ERE r *". Sf/>'I'\\)I G IN \)If C.0lD 11./>,1~. 
w",mNE. \0 00 10 9:.1<00 .. , A.II!) 1 J\l~~ ~M~"'B£RtO { ~1 "'~ lWC\l 

I DID \1.' 
1 DID IT .' 

\ 

SOIllE.IIOW 1. 
I M~G IN£D 111\'3 

("/.KR\E.NCE. WO\Jl.l) 
BE. 101ClRE. \it£~~01NG . 

I 

1 CAN SE.~ ~~ l\m£: 

---- -

I 11.Q%'1 C~TS A~ SJ 
Io\\lC~ WlR£ ~I'\llAR . 

\ 

This marks the first time Watson has acted against a 
UCB recommendation, according to UCB vice chair 
Paul Eykamp. 

In a Feb. 23 letter to the co-ops, University Center Di-
rector Jim Carruthers offered the co-ops a version of the 
contract not authorized by the UCB. The letter state that 
if the contract is not signed by March 9, " the proces 
noted in previous correspondance will be initiated." 

The process, as outlined in a Dec. 5 leiter from Car-
ruthers , includes a " transition to new student opera-
tions." The co-ops say that they consider this phrase a 
euphemism for eviction . 

Sunday Classical Guitar Recital Set 
Guitar students ofCelin Romero will present a recital 

on Sunday at 8:00 p.m. in the Mandeville Recital Hall. 
Admission is free . For information, call 534-3229. 

Visual Arts Department To Present 
Film Festival Celebrating Women 

The visual arts department will present "WITHin-
SIGHT," a film festival celebrating International 
Women 's Day, on Saturday from noon until 9:30p.m. in 
the Price Center Auditorium. Films by international 
female filmmakers will be shown, and admission is free . 

Illustrator Moser Will Autograph 
His Work Friday At Bookstore 

llIustrator, designer, and bookmaker Barry Moser 
will sign books on Friday from noon to I :30 p.m. at the 
University Bookstore. 

Moser has illustrated 
more than one hundred 
books for adults and chil-
dren. Moser's illustrations 
have most recently ap-
peared in three collections 
of Brer Rabbit stories by 
Joel Chandler Harri s, 
Jump!. Jump Again!. and 
lump on Over!, which were 
hailed by the New York 
Times as "readable,joyous, 
racially irreproachable." Other children 's books in which 
his work has appeared include In the Beginning by Vir-
ginia Hamilton and East o/the Sun & West o/the Moon 
by Nancy Willard. 

For information, contact the bookstore at 534-3149. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille,News Editor 
and Jason Snell, Associate News Editor 

GTheUCSD DAR DIAN 
PH&. GRUEN, Editor In CIIW 
ROllIN MAC LEAN, "",neglng Editor 
ANTON BnTNER, Newe Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, A~ OpInIon Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, OpInIon Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Spatr. EdIIor 
JAIIIES COLLIER, FNfu,.. Editor 
CAlliERlNE DILLE, """ Editor 
BAY AN DlAS, llul/Jc Edllor 
RANDY DOTINGA, CcIpy EdItor 
DCIREEN ERENEA, "-.Jafe FNIu,.. Editor 
PATRICIA JETTtE, "'-lUll Editor 
GAIL. JOHNSON, ...."... PIIoto Edlfor 
PETER KO, "'. __ ~ Edilor 
HELENA LENO LOH, .. __ HIIJIu. EdItor 
JEFF QUAM, ~ Editor 
JASON SHELL, A.-:iIIIe ,.",. Editor 
AIIIA8 UZGIAIS, PIIoto Editor 
5enIOr ........ ; AndrtI AdIamIn, Mart 8eIy HeWd. CIrtHna HuU, enan 
low, Honey 1Iur*-, SeIh SIIMr. AIIhy Lyn WIr1IaIa'. Oavld Wyner 
.......... : Jcm AIundon. Laua 1lIMr,"" BII1I. W. _ Edc \lIoeio.1AI 
BruvoId, c,.... CImpbeI. SccIIc-, Ell; GuIIIIIon. MoIidI HImiIan, JIIIt 
HIinIIr. AdoIIII.Ior. o. .. l.iIdItom, ".". ..... , JoIh 0dInIz. DovId PaIi:ho, 
..... P--. Tern RizluI. Ardr .. R*InI. MIll FIocHoI, La Ronm\IrI, 
SriIIIh SandI, 1olkNeI~, Oaug SNIdt, Lhia SpIIIder, CIvIl SIIilI, .... 
SuMI. kI'IIn Twer, NIcola WIIIIIhNd. JIll VIlllIgUdi 
PliDllgiliijlllllo: Michlel AmIII, Gleg e.n.. JennI Kolsky , eery Udoc:Nn. FraN 
LIII. BriIn MonII. JIIme MuIdaan. Jcm 0IrwC, DMyI V ... Fill ZIIIigl 
.......... : MIIoCoclplr. Tony F ..... CIIIn low, .... MIraIIo. KaIy Roe, Tyromt 

T~ 
,.".. t..1y a.a..dI. Kan 1IIck.III. ....... FIWI..Im ..... 
ea" AllIIn: ~ CocIpIr, Greg HuIIIuIIIr, Jull Puzan. JtIIIt SprIrvIr 
.... 1'11. Or_ ChuI ....... HImIIDn. CIvII~. JIll V.....-
,... ........ : SeIh -.., 0a¥Id Wyner 
.... ___ Ln HtiIIIr. JImiItr VtNIIIf 

lOa DeANDREA, .."...1IM»tI« 
..:HAIl I'OULKI, ~..., 
.. E MARTINEZ, AIMnMIntI ,.""., 
Eo LEIGH HENRY, CIIIa/IIH ...... ..,.. 
AMItIIIng AIIIIInI: t..N IIIIqit, CIvIl ~ 
CIIoIIIIIIaoI: Jcm 1lInIo, Jot 1M, FOIIIr CINe, By.- ...... 

7IroUCSD~It",*",,""""nllulcloptUilg"'_"'bVn 
Ior ... _04IJCSO. lIIprorb:IIonal .......... "OIIflorm, _"_/If 
"ptft, -'flOUI pem!IMion illI'cty~. 41 '180, II rYI*--
7IroUC60a....It""' ____ Ior ........ nalUfllllliclld ........ "' ... no. 
- __ " W~"oIgntd ..... "'COIMI ...... '*'""'-"Y~ 
_ ... apOiDnI of 7IreUC60 ~ "'UrMrIrIyOl CaIIomiI lit Iht A-.cI Stu· 
_04UCSO. 

Editorial: 534-6580 Buaincu: 5U·U66 Fax: 534-769] 
UCSD Guardian, B-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Thursday, March 8, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

NATO: Wegener Discusses Reunification Of •••••••••• 
• Enjoy the Juiciest • Continued rrom page 1 

" magnitude of ranges and options" 
needs to be preserved. 

Regarding the reunification of 
East and West Gennany, Wegener 
sa id that three options for political 
alignment are open to a unified 
Gennany: neutrality , affiliation 
with the Warsaw Pact, or with 
NATO. 

The Warsaw Pact option seems J.... __________ --. 

• Burgers In Town • 
• • I 2 for 1 : 
• Buy any hamburger. • 
• sandwich or gyros and • 
• get a second one • 

• FREE! ~ · I I 
I JEFF'S BURGERS • 
I. 2512 Avenlda De La Playa II 

La Jol/o Shores 454-lJ03I 
• Mus! hove student 1.0 . ExpIres 3/'/2/'10· • 

very unlikely, he said, adding that 
he doesn't believe any of the par-
ties involved seek a neutral Ger-
many, including Soviet leader 
Mikhail Gorbachev. A unified 
Gennany would likely belong to 

in NATO Wegener is well equipped 
to remark upon the developments 
in Europe and the "innovative 
thinking" in NATO, Ruggie said. 
The si tuation is changing quickly 
in Europe, and in response people '---""""'----' Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 

Ambassador Henning Wegener spoke on the situation in Europe 
and the possible reunification of Germany Tuesday afternoon. 

•••••••••• 
NATO, he said. are having"radical thoughts on how 

the future should be organized," he 
concluded. 

According to Wegener, the best 
configura tion of forces within 
Gennany would be one in which 
only a minimum of troops would 
reside in the eastern part of Ger-
many. Optimally, these troops 
could be made up ofleftover East 

FESTIVAL: Spring Peace Fest To Be Held 
OPEN 
24 

HOURS Gennan troops, he said. 
Wegener emphasized that this 

is a crucial period for the fu tu re of 
Europe because NATO can now 
help to "create a new political ar-
ci tecture in Europe and break the 
cycle of war and peace," he said. 

"The opportunity awaits to 
embark on a new era of peace and 
cooperation," he added. 

John Ruggie, UCSD professor 
and director of the IGCC, said 
Wegener's appearance was ex-
tremely "timely." 

As a German fonnerly involved 
in the foreign service and currently 

Continued from page 1 
have the Spring Festi val for Peace 
made into a permanent UCSD 
event, similar to the annual Sun 
God Festival. 

"I would like to see a commit-
tee created witha Festival for Peace 
chair and an independent budget 
for it every year like the Sun God 
Festival receives. That way the 
event will become institutional-
ized, a part of the student activi-
ties," Judaken said. 

The A.S. also allocated $1,000 
from General Unallocated to the 
NativeAmerican Student Alliance 
(NASA) for an Awareness Day. 
The fund s will go toward a 

speaker's honorarium. The speaker 
has yet to be named. 

NASA is the first on-campus 
Native American suppon group to 
exist at UCSD in five years, ac-
cording to Karen Makkreel, budg-
etary contact of NASA. 

Makkreel said the Awareness 
Day program will include danc-
ing, authentic Native American 
food, a display of Native Ameri-
can art from the reservations, and 
local anists. 

"At the end of the day we hope 
to have Wilma Mankiller [speak), 
who is the first female leader of the 
Cherokee Nation," he said. 

The tentative date for the 

Awareness Day is May 24. 
The A.S. also allocated $1 ,165 

from the General Unallocated 
funds to send Iwo members of the 
as yet unopened Student Credit 
Union to the Student Credit Union 
National Conference. The money 
will cover four days of food, lodg-
ing, transponation, and airfare for 
two. 

"It is really important to send us 
to this conference because we will 
talk with other students about Stu-
dent Credit Union operation prob-
lems and problem solving," said 
Adam Remis, the chair of the 
A.S.Student Credit Union Advi-
sory Board. 

Nt I n·(tt.!J 

kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Villa L8 Jolla Dr. 

SelzedCen, trucks, 4·wheelels, TVs, 
stereos, furniture, computers by DEA, 
FBI, IRS and U.S. customs. Available 
your area now. Call HI05-682-7555, 
ext. C-1199. 

[M ~~~ W ~OC§[}i]1f 
IS 

COI.I·EGE NIGHT! 
University Bookstore Computer 

Center 
5 to 7 Free Appetizers 
7 to 10 75¢ Drafts 
10 to 1 $1.25 House Drinks 

March 5-10 
Find great deals on odds and ends in computer accessories and 
electronics. Hurry-«uantities are limited! 

• Computer furniture • Monitors 
• Selected electronics • Printers 
• Floppy drives t And much more! 

Don't miss out! 

Computer Center 534-4291 
Hours: 
Mon. - Fri. 
Sat. 

7:30 a.m. - 6 p.m. 
9:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. 

All sales final . Quanlites are limited. No returns. 

with colleee J.D. Must be 21 

••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Torr~'5 

Choose from 
1000 hits 
to sing to 
or just enjoy 
tbeshow! 
6-10 pm 

A SAN DIEGO NIGHTCLUB 
LOCATED IN THE LA JOLLA MARRIOn 

4240 LA JOLLA VILlAGE DR. 
LA JOLLA. CA 92037 

CALL (619) 587-1 414 EXT. 6220 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 8, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUE . Edilor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEA . Managing Editor 
A TON BITTNER. ews Edilor 
CA THERI E DILLE. News Edilor 
DA VID BURKHART, Opinion Edilor 
T"~ UCSD GuofdlQn IS publi,htd twice weekly lithe L1nlvCrsll) orCalifomia, San Di~t;u. Conlenb 0 1990. 
Viev>stk.pressed hc:rtin ~pfelt(nllhc:m~[)' "Ote oflhc: editorial board. and are no!: noccssarily thoseofthc-
UC Boo.td or RC&CnlS. the ASUCSD. nor the enure Guardian sufI 

The Pro-Choice 'Forum' 

A Litany of Failures 
The Pro-Choice Forum last Friday was clearly political. 

Everyone knows it. State Senator Lucy Killea knew it when she 
said the forum was a "very important undertaking." The event's 
organizers, UCSD Students for Pro-Choice, knew it. The AS. 
Judicial Board knew it when it recommended that the event be 
delayed. And AS. Advisor Randy Woodard knew it was politi-
cal, and he knew that the AS. Council probably violated its 
constitution when it voted to fund the event. 

The "Forum" - the name was changed from "Rally" to make 
it seem less politically charged - only had speakers who were 
in favor of legal abortion . This was not a forum: it was not an 

exchange of differing points of view. It was an attempt to 
energize the student population, and make it aware of this impor-
tant issue. This may be an admirable goal, but there are problems 
with it: first, such an event is clearly political and one-sided, and 
second, it is controversial and should not. be paid for with student 
fees. 

Those are some of the reasons the A.S. Constitution prohibits 
funding of political events; the A.S. is supposed to be neutral on 
such issues, and despite occasional forays into foreign policy, the 
reason the AS. exists is to promote the student interest. It is not 
in the interest of students to have their money spent promoting 
one political point of view over o thers, particularly concerning 
such a powerful issue. Nor is it truly educati0!1~ to have a 
political rally which presents a narrow point of view. It may 
excite the already convened, but it does nothing to clarify a 
cloudy and divisive ethical issue. 

It is not important whether the event was pro-choice or pro-
life. What is important is that the event should not have been 
funded, the Judicial Board should have taken quick action on the 
issue, and Woodard should not have told the group to go ahead 
with the event. 

It's not entirely clear what Woodard did tell the group to do. 
According to an account from one of the event's organizers, he 
"told us to basically disregard everything the Judicial Board 
said." According to Woodard, he told them to "Proceed if they 
wanted, and that would be fine. But I also said to be prepared for 
the Judicial Board to sustain its ruling." 

But after the event was held, it became largely academic what 
the Judicial Board ruled. Woodard should have acted in the 
interest of all the students, and in accordance with the Judicial 
Board recommendation, advised that the event be postponed. 

The Judicial Board's slow and stumbling approach to the issue 
also exacerbated the problem. The Board was largely unin-
formed about the event, and though Chair Evan Kirvin said the 
event was "clearly an overt political event," the Board spent a 
long time discuss ing the i!.s!.Ie, and finally decided to delay ruling 
and ask meekly (and ineffectually) that the event be postponed . 

The misguided actions by Woodard, the JudiCial Board, the 
AS., and the UC 'D Students for Pro· Choice created a messy 
situat ion . The event was politIcal, and thl~ organi/.ers should have 
been forced to ::.eek a s urce of fundtng other than the pockeb of 
students. The " Forum" 'hould not have taken place with A .. 
funding. 

Student Issues: TGIFs, Co-ops and Trees 
Editor: 

I am writing to discuss three 
issues dear to every student' s heart: 
TGIFs, the co-ops, and trees on 
campus. 

There has been a great deal of 
misinfonnation (ormiscommuni-
cation) as to what the main con-
cerns have been and the process 
by which they have been addressed 
with regard to the TGs. 

Although many issues have 
been rai ' ed, the main issue is vari-
ety. It is not a culturally sensitive 
issue, nor is my goal to diversify 
the TGs to reflect the diversity at 
UCSD. It is simply to encompass 
an even greater variety of enter-
tainment. 

In the Opinion section of the 
Feb. 5 Guardian. David Burkhart 
tates, "Last year's refrain of 'not 

another reggae band!' has disap-
peared." To me this suggests that 
many believed there was little 
variety last year. When an attempt 
to show some variety was made, 
many were pleased. So one can at 
least understand, if not agree with, 
students asking to encompass an 
even greater spectrum of enter-
tainment. 

If you can understand the is-
sue, then it becomes easy to see 
why one of my favorite groups, 
Living Colour, would not fit into 
this attempt for even greater vari-
ety. The color or gender of the 
performer is irrelevant; what 
matters is the type of music. And 
it is certainly not a combination of 
these. Although variety was the 
main topic, I apologize for any 
miscommunication that may have 
ocurred with anyone. 

I would also like to make it 
clearthat I never "ran to an admin-
istrator." After our first agreement, 
whichoccurredlastJune(between 
Matt [Schnurer 1 and I), students, 
staff, and administrators on both 
sides approached us. Some im-
plied that they would slow down 
the agreement made, others how 
they would speed it up. 

As more and more groups 
wanted to play a part, including 
theGuardian Opinion section, this 
issue of variety was blowlI out of 
proportion, causing rumors and 
frustrations for all. In no way did 
I want to change the basic premise 

of TGs, just to broaden and 
strengthen it. 

Mr. Schnurer has been very 
committed to his work of provid-
ing high quality bands at rela-
tively low prices. And now that a 
numberof things have been clari-
fied, we are (finally) both satis-
fied. 

There is one other concern 
indirectly related to this i sue, and 
itdeals with the accusations made 
about Vanness Harris by some 
Guardian articles. He has been 
accused of making statements and 
acting in certain ways in three 
different articles (two editorial 
and one news article), but was 
never contacted by any of the e 
writers. Unfortunately, this cre-
ated even further confusion as to 
what was going on. 

For example, in the Opinion 
section of the March 1 Guardian 
edition, it states, "In a program-
ming committee meeting, Van-
ness Harris accused another black 
student, Kim Phillips, of 'know-
ing nothing of her culture' ... " The 
editorial suggests that this was 
fact. 

In the other article, Mr. Harris 
allegedly said something and it 
was even in quotes. Mr. Harris 

has since addre ed th is issue, but 
the March I article poses certain 
ethical question since no attempt 
was made to contact him. 

A second-and unrelated is-
sue-<leals with the future of the 
co-ops. Lease agreements are of-
ten long and tiis3greements are 
nonnal. 

The co-ops and the University 
Center Board agreed on a lease 
proposal; however, the admini-
stration may not accept parts ofit. 

Worst of all, if no agreement 
has been reached by March 9 and 
the co-ops do not sign the lease 
agreement, eviction may take 
place. It is an issue of student 
control over student fee-funded 
facilities. 

The third issue that I would 
like to bring to your attention has 
to do with the Central Library ex-
pansion which will take place 
during Spring Break. It is esti-
mated that some 240 trees will be 
knocked down. 

It is an issue that has recently 
reached the surface, so it is uncer-
tain whether or not 240 new trees 
will be placed throughout cam-
pus. Immediate attention is 
needed. 

John Ramirez 

An A.S. Battle of Male Egos 
Editor: 

Nothing is more surprising than to pick up acopy of the Guardian and 
to see your name in a letter to the editor. It is overwhelming when it 
happens more than once. Since I feel that no one knows better than I as 
to how I feel, then it is only right that r have my say. 

First of all, I seriously wondered whether or not I should write this 
letter. However, it seems that the only way anyone can even hope to get 
their point across to Mr. Vanness Harris or to Mr. Matt Schnurer is to in 
fact write a letter. I hope to make this the last of my involvement in what 
) have come to think of as the "battle of the male egos." 

Let's face it, guys. You 're both wrong, but not completely. Maybe 
when you both realize this, you will stop with the accusations and 
actually start to talk, and even more importantly 10 lislen, to each olher. 

You both have a lot to learn. You both say that you know a greal deal 
about people, or at least you act as if you do. Obviously you do not. I am 
a person, yet it seems 10 me that neither one of you seems to know much 
about me. Alas, il seems that I have forgotten that this is the "battle of 
the male egos." As a female, I must not count. Matt. ifI had wanted my 
life in the newspaper, I could have told the Guardian staff myself. 
Vanness, how do you know how I feel? Did you ask me? 

Until this silliness has stOpped, I feel that my presence at future A.S. 
Programming meetings is unnecessary. I am tired of being a pawn. 

Kimberly Phillips 

~---~ 

Thursday, March 8, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Trivial and Juvenile Student Government Politics The Naming of 
Third College 

Editor: 
Oh man. [ thought that I had run into 

shoddy, pretentious small-town politic 
when I worked in a small city. But Ihen I 
came here and ran into even more trivial, 
juvenile, and overblown student govern-
ment politics. 

Oh, and don ' t forget our equally prestig-
ious administration. which is just as gUilty 
of participating and bullying in this farce 
we call representation; all of it geared 
towards bowing to the whims and pressures 
of the minority of students. It is in situations 
like this that it becomes pennissible to 
shove selected culture down our throats. 
(Gee. shouldn't we be allowed to vote for 
the culture that we prefer?) 

The truly sad thing about the whole 
situation is that I know that the vast major-
ity of students are more than satisfied with 
the talent which has been presented at TGs. 
I know if/But it is vividly apparent that with 
the prevalence of gutless and self-se~ing 
politics running rampant, that it's much 
easier to follow the wishes of the vocal 
minority than those of the passive majority. 

The student community ofUCSD is sick 
of petty politics interfering with every facet 
of student life imaginable. But golly, the 
TG presents such a wonderful opportunity 
to prove that our student government is so 
socially responsible. especially since the 
rest of us are blind sheep being rounded up 
and sent straight to the cultural slaughter-

house without their guidance. 
Well, ) hate to say it, but TGs are just 

concerts; free concerts provided for anyone 
who wants to lislen, dance, drink, or simply 
unwind after a week of acting like they 
were studying. To assume that it is the 
perfect opportunity to provide students with 
cultural messages is ludicrous and conde-
scending. 

Matt Schnurer has done an unbelievable 
job of turning the whole idea ofTGs around, 
fighting to keep them alive and wet, provid-
ing some of the coolest bands around to 
perfonn for us, and keeping politics out of 
it. 

How many people remember when TGs 
featured the Cardiff Reefers followed by 
the Paladins, then Borracho Y Loco, then 
the Paladins, then the Reefers (for locals), 
with a brief respite provided by Mango 
Bang? (Who?) I guess we could return to 
the diversity of those days. 

Then all of a sudden, Mary 's Danish, 
Fetchin ' Bones, Mojo Nixon, 24-7 Spys. 
Syd Straw; all of them playing for free at 
our school! My God,real bands! Real bands! 
But no, it can't be true. It's too good to be 
true. These bands aren't cultural enough. 
they ' re too popular. 

So Matt, let me say on behalf of all those 
who agree with me, thank you. Thanks for 
fighting this silly losing battle against our 
visibly out-of-touch representatives. Thanks 
for providing some well-needed meaning-

less entertainment in a community that takes 
itself and everything el e too seriously. 
And thanks for providing some of the cool-
est, and may I add, most diverse bands that 
have ever played on the gym steps. 

It 's just a matter of time before the 
student government. with the support of the 
administration. will find some other issue 
to politicize; surely some other form of stu-
dent entertainment is lacking in vital social 
sermons. I know I still can' t distinguish 
right from wrong without the help of my 
student government. In fact, I'm afraid to 
graduate. What willi do without them? 

By the way, I like funk, punk, classical, 
jazz, calypso, and some reggae. and I didn ' t 
learn any of it from going to TGs. 

James E. Smith 

Fighting Words? 
Editor: 

In regards to "Egotistical Morons 
at Muir," (March 5), we have a ques-
tion: Does the expression "The truth 
is that Muir women are sleazy and 
Muir men are assholes" constitute a 
violation ofthe Fighting Words Pol-
icy? If so, whom do we sue? Enquir-
ing minds want to know. 

Dale McGrew 
Curtis Taylor 

Editor: 
Cecil Lytle wishes to change the 

name of Third College. He shall have 
his way. And students at this college, 
which proclaims itself "An Exciting 
Choice," have none. 

There will be no election. For, 
despite a stunning prose defense of 
autocracy in the face of apathetic 
masses, what Cecil Lytle desires is 
not certain turnout, but certain change. 
And fickle democracy can provide 
no such guarantee. 

And so fickle democracy is tossed 
aside. And requests for votes are 
replaced with requests for opinion 
papers. And Third College, regard-
less of the official name chosen, 
becomes Cecil Lytle College. 

If you read this Mr. Lytle, I im-
plore you, do not respond to me as 
you have to so many others, with 
elegant justifications of your ends 
and means tastefully stamped with 
the official College seal. I do not 
want a letter from you, nor do I want 
an audience. I only want a ballot. 

James Edward Roark 

T~ UCSD Guild/III welcomes your letters and commentaries. Drop your letter allhe GuatrJian offiCII (on lhe second floor 01 the 
Student Center, where the A.S. offices used to be) or mall It to: Opinion Editor, GuIld ... ~16, UCSD, La Jolla, CA 92093 
Letters should be typed, double-spaced, and should Include a signature and phone number. We reserve the right 10 edit letters for 
length and clarity. Deadline. for lellers for Monday's Issue Is noon on Friday. Deadline for Thursday's I~ Is noon Monday. 

• ••••••••••••• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

When You 
Buy Any 

ATTENTION 
Muir 

Graduating Seniors 
SprI_. Qu ....... , 1990 

Students planning to graduate Spring, 1990, should come 
to the Muir Academic Advising Office, H&SS 2126, NOW 
and complete the required paperwork. 

DIADLINI TO FILl .OR SPRING GRADUATION 
IS APRIL 13, 1990 

DON'T DELAY! 

The home of the 
49¢ hall1burger. 

1 m M~lJo"ald~ M ~ . AYo", I , 
7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
u.~ .... ~~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~!!!~~ ~ ALL AMERICAN MEAL . Quarter Pounder " with Cheese. Medium Fry. 
II Medium-Size Soft Drink 

co." vol ... : II 
1/ 20 011 cent 

II limit one coupon per II customer. per visit. Please 
present coupon when II ordering Not valid with II any other offer. 

tr.¥+1-="~ "" .............. , .. 

II 
Just $1 99 :1 

(plus lax) II 
Only at: II 

7140 Miramar Id.@ Son Otego 
1237 f'rotpeCt -M .... 

laJoila I-~ 
iii iii iii iii iii iii iii iii iii 

If you eat It, 

drink It, _ It, 

buy 1t,"'1t, 

provide It, or 

It'. In tile 

Q".,..", 

PIZZA 
PASTA or 
SANDWICH, 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• We'll give you soup or salad : 

As us,"" 
.... WII'¥I 
_m, 

to 19111 pool 
..-, 

hi-TIl lllIIII-MicI. 
F-Sat. 11II1II·1 am 

Sun. II :3Oom·Mid 

and a beverage • 
(wine & beer included) : 

FREEt.~uProH.30) ! 
Dine-in only for Ihis spt..'Cial ofTer 
PJe:lse present coupon when ordering. ExpIresY22/90 

.~=====:;-' 8873 Villa La}olla Dr. !.aJolla Vf/lage Center 
• 455·0662 

• 
• 
• 
• 

• UCSD's original Pizzeria is still/be bestl • 

••••••••••••••••••••• 
............................. _, 

UCSD : 
Student: 

Carl's Jr. SpeCial : 
I I 
I -BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I 
I I 
: Bacon Cheeseburger : 
! r~FREE ! 
I Valle: at: 6788 Miramar Rd. ? : I Coupon expires March 31, 1990. One offer per coupon. \ I One coupon per customer per visit. Not valid with any J ® I 
I other offer or discount. Price does not include tax. c!-r.:u .... J:r. I ~Carl Karcher Enterprises, Inc. 1990 .. - & fill • L .................. _ ........ - ........ -_ .... ~ 



6 OPINION 

Prepare yourself for an 

INTERNATIONAL 
CAREER 

STUDY IN CHINA 
MAINLAND AND TAIWAN 

1990 SUMMER PROGRAMS 
Trade and Law: 
Taipei and Shanghai 
• Two _ of Int_1IOna1 tr_ and law ...... nars and Iec1uras on 

.. 
Taipei. capotal of IN RepubIoc of China on T....." (June 11.June 22) 

• So. _ of leetures In Shanghai •• amirwng IN economic retorm in 

~ Chona and IN poloc:oM. regulatIOnS. and conditions .~ecting tot.ign trade on IN PAC (June 25-August 3) ~ • LtIC1Uras given by Chi ....... goyemmant officoats. 1CIIdemocs. and buSi.- •• ecutJVas .. _ .. foreogn bu.",,,ssman and Iawy_ 
• Foe4d tnpS 10 Imponant trade Instnubons and discussoons WIth 

managers 
• Language trainong 8\1811_ 

Language and Culture: 
Shanghai, Nanjing, Changchun 

~k-. • Intensive eight wool< courw aquivalan1 10 one academoc year (Juno 25-August 17) • Beginnong Mandarin training In Shanghai. Nanjing. and Changchun • Imannedoate and advanced Mandarin 00UIS8S .n Shangh81. • HigIIly motivllfed nat .. e Mandann speaking _rs oxpeoenced III 
language instruction 

• OIIemogh1 • • a"'"ons and rullural actMIJes. Alt_----FInIJIlCiaI AId A_ 
~ --------------------- - --------------------------- . Ptoase send me onformabon and """, ... __ on. 

D Trade and Law Program 
0 Language and Culture Program 

Name 

Address 

Ctty. Slate. Zip 

Photna 
475 __ DrM, _ 245, _ yon. NY 10115 

Tho ,.....- .... ~~ ExcMngoe 
T ............ : (212) I7O-2S25 

GUARDIAN ADVERTISERS! 
The deadline for the first issue of Spring Quarter (Monday, 
April 2) is Tuesday, April 27 at 12 noon. Place your ads early! 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 8, 1990 

Nicaragua Editorial Was Inaccurate 
Editor: 
The Guardian's edjtorial supporting the 

Chamorro victory in Nicaragua is about as accu-
rate as a Nazi report on the Warsaw ghetto upris-
ing would have been. It places Nicaragua in an 
East-West context when it squarely belongs in a 
North-South context. 

The Nicaraguan Revolutjon is not a struggle to 
instituteaRu sian-style communist society, but a 

r lived in Nicaragua for five years, beginning 
in 1983, four of those years as a teacher in the 
nominally neutral American School in Managua. 
Many of my Nicaraguan colleagues were part of 
the opposition, organizing teachers and doctors, 
working with opposition parties and unions, In 
fact, one of the members of the board of directors 
was arrested for working for the CIA. I w iUlessed 
a construction worker's hunger strike demandi ng 

The Nicaraguan Revolution is not a struggle to 
institute a RUSSian-style communist society, but a 
struggle for social justice and national dignity. 

struggle for social justice and national dignity. 
The third o f the arable land that Somoza had 
greedily acquired was given out to campesinos 
without land. National izalion of the banks and the 
export trade is designed to avoid a repeat of 
Somoza's Nicaragua or neighboring EI Salvador, 
where a handful of fami lies become rich while the 
vast majority remains impoverished. Lastly, a 
diversification in trade was vigorously pursued so 
as to pennit the country not to have to constantly 
kiss Uncle Sam's foot and swear to the aJmjghty 
dollar as so many of their neighbors are required 
to do. 

With a trickle of aid to rebuHd the country after 
the massive destruction by SOffiOza (his last act 
before fleejng with a fortune of perttaps $4 bil-
lion, was to bomb any factories still intact), and 
then later, the $i billion destruction by the U.S. 
frnanced and directed by the Contra army, the 
Sanrunistas never got the economy to the critical 
mass needed for investors to have any confidence 
in it. 

wage bcreases. The police cordoned off the area 
and were selective about who they let in and out. 
I also visited resettlement centers forcampesinos 
forcibly removed from farms located in war zones. 
Hence, I witnessed much of the repression re-
ferred to in the editorial. 

However, considering the magnitude of the 
war they were fighting, the amount of repression 
was remarkably little. The great majority of the 
civilian deaths have come at the hands of the 
Contras, who routinely attacked villages with 
heavy artillery and who have no prisoners. They 
have all been long executed. 

The editorial board's evident adoption of 
Jeanne Kirkpatrick's theory of authoritarian ver-
sus totalitarian regimes is particularly upsetting. 
This theory "justifies" the butchering of all who 
advocate a just and democratic society in EI 
Salvador and the attempted dismantling of a 
movement based on just such principles in Nica-
ragua. 

EzraHaUeck 

'1 •• TT ____ ...... -.. __ ... ,O .... IUlM __ ._ ..... 11 ____ 11 ..... ' ___ .' ... _11 ..... 1 ......... ___ "'11. __ III.' __ .. 11." ...... " .. , .... _ .. , ••••• __ ' ... ' .. 'H ............ lllIUI. ••• au ........... ___ H __ _ 

BE A LEADER AT UCSD 
RUN FOR OFF~CE IN THE 

1990 ASUCSD ELECTIONS!!~ 

FILIN G D A TES : March 5th thru 9th, 8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
March 12th thru 14th, 8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

LAST DAY TO FILE: April 2nd, 8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

W HER E: In the A.S. Office, Price Center, 3rd Floor (see Patty) 
POSITIONS AVAILABLE: 

EXECUTIVE: 
President 

Vice President Administrative 
Vice President External Affairs 

Vice President Finance 

COM M ISS.ON ERS: 
Academic Affairs 
Communications 

Programming 
Public Relations 

Operations, Services & Enterprises 
University Center Board 

(UCB position requires one year experience on board or 
as elected ASUCSD oHicial) 

SENATORS: 
Sophomore, Junior, Senior Senators for Muir, Revelle, Third, Warren 

Sophomore and Junior for Fifth College 

.... 1111111 .... ' .. 1 ....... , •• 11111'1111111 .... 11" ........................... 111 .... 1I .. Jln •• H_ ... • ... ____ m ........ __ ...... , __ ... , ... " .. " ...... ",,, ............ 111 .. 111 ........ _11.' .............. , ___ .. 11111111 .. 1 ... 11"'"' ...... " .. " ....... ,._ ..... __ • •••• I I 111 

Thursday, March 8,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

HOSPITAL: Groundbreaking Ceremony 
For $65 Million Medical Facility Held 
Continued rrom page 1 

The existing UCSD Medical 
School was founded in 1968, and 
has grown since that time to its 
current enrollment of546 students, 
accoming to the Medical Center's 
Office of Academic Affairs. 

the dedication of a time capsule 
containing personal notes from 
each of the speakers expressing 
their hopes and projections for the 
next 25 years of medical progress. 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

I H 1 Fri. & Sat. 
LA JOLlA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd .. Ste. lOB 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

NEWS 7 

uoc 

---------------------Original plans for the School of 
Medicine included a hospital on 
the majn campus, but funding 
constraints in the 1970s required 
that the Medical Center be con-
structed off campus. 

"The eyes of the national com-
munity will be watching us closely 
as we prepare for the 21 st cen-
tury," Ellison said. 1 

1 
1 
1 
25% 1 OFF CI1ysmoH, - 1 

lbomton Hospital, designed by 
the architecture firm of Stone, 
Marraccini & Patterson of San 
Francisco, will be sand-lone col-
ored concrete, matching the sur-
rounding area. A promjnent fea-
ture will be a glass atrium at the 
entrance which will connect a 
multi-level patient wing with adi-
agnostic!treatment center. 

Correction s 
Two photographs in the 

March 5 issue of The Guar· 
dian were incorrectly cap-
tioned. 

The photo identified as 
being Lucy Killea was ac-
tually a photo ofRina Berk-
hout. 

The photo identified as 
being John Rothmann was 
not actually a photo of 
Rothmann. 

The Guardian regrets 
the errors. 

... 

.--

Dvryl YftlGwuditm 
UCSD Director of Hospitals and 
Clinics Michael Stringer 

John EUisoD, who will graduate 
this year fromthe School of Medi-
cine, concluded the ceremony with 

$41'* 
SlUDINI'IIOUIII TOURS 

00ne-Week Lenirl!J(ld & 
f.Ia;c.o.N ~ only. 

·"other u.s.s.R. crd Eastern 
ElI'CJpe tOLlS iMliiabie. 

Can:il TIauaI 
UCSD PrIce (CIlIa' 

..... 10 1M Pad 0fIcIa 

451·0630 

The capsule, which will be 
buried in the hospital center court-
yard, will be opened in the year 
2015 at the 25-year reunion of the 
UCSD School of Medicine class 
of 1990. 

Disneyland 
On-Campus 
Interviews 

March 
14 & 15 

Please see your 
student placement center 

for more information 
and sign-ups. 

Equal <>WOnuoily Employer 

Starts Friday, Marth 9th At Theatres Everywhere 

medium or 
age frozen yogurt 1 

VoId with any olner offer. Topplngs not Included. Expires 3/11 / 90. 1 L ____________________ ~ 

~--------------------, 1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 1 TRIM I TAN· UCSD 3251 Holiday Cl .455-0909 
1 ___ Pacific Beach • MissionValley· State College ~ Sports Arena __ _ 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 1 1 1 European Body Wrap - Only $48 
1 Not a terr.,orary water loss. Reduce cetkJite and stretch marks. Cal fa< details • 2nd 30 tan ..... 5 $39.99 • FrsHine clients 

-, EJrpA$ nv.IO 
L ____________________ ~ 

3310 Governor (corner of Governor & Regents) 
uaD .. GAL UCSD .. CIA&. 

l One delicious $ , 00 I Ordc:r the: 30 IL I 
selection from our off I FAM.ll.Y DINNER 71 I ALA CARTE mc:nu and receive: oR I 

L Exp. 4/2190 .J Exp. 4/2/90 .J 
--------- ----------

VENTURA COUNTY COMMUNITY 
COLLEGE DISTRICT 
71 Day Road, Ventura, CA 93003 

(805) 654-6424 
Barbara A. Derryberry 

Chancellor 
Roland L. Glover 

Director, Affirmative Action 
Instructors 

Anthropology 
Commercial Art 
Music: 

CUJTent Openings Closing Date 

InstrwnentallTheory 
P.E.lHealth Science 
Speech 
Learning Disabilities 

Specialist 
History 
Chemistry/Physics 
Office Automation! 

Word Processing 
SpeechIForensics Coach 
Nursing 
Photography 
P.E.lHead Women's 

Basketball Coach 
Administration of Justice! 

Business Law 

Moorpark College Mar. 21, 1990 
Moorpark College Mar. 23, 1990 
Moorpark ColJege Mar. 15, 1990 

Moorpark College Mar. 21, 1990 
Moorpark College April 6, 1990 
Moorpark College TBA 

Oxnard College TBA 
Oxnard College TBA 
Oxnard College TBA 

Ventura College April 3, 1990 
Ventura College April 20, 1990 
Ventura College April 18, 1990 
Ventura College April 11, 1990 

Ventura College TBA 

"The V,"il<m CONllly CO_Wilily Col/tift District;' all affirrmb've actio". tqt/ol ofJfKJrlunoly 
t~1oyer aNi adi<>tly snits IN ca1Nbdacy 0{ miMriMs, womtll, disabkd arid 1',,_ ve:nu1lS. " 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

Features 

Eating Disorders 
Seven of 25 Counseling Services 
at UCSD Combat the Behavior 
• Story By Ramine Bahrambegi 
Guardian Reporter 

Eating disorders are serious conditions 
of self-destructive behavior that are ex-
pressed through two fOlms of the condi-
tion: anorexia nervosa and bulimia. Ano-
rexia i a form of sel -induced starvation. 
Bulimia is characterized by binge-eating 
followed by purging via vomiting, laxa-
tives, or through exercize. 

Both disorders are on the rise, with 
national rates currently as high as 12 per-
cent in young people between the ages of 
17 and 22. 

While college-age women are the prime 
targets, males are not excluded from these 
disorders, as an estimated five to 10 percent 
of all anorexia and bulimia cases are men. 

According to Beverly Harju, a UCSD 
counseling psychologist, seven out of 25 
counseling services at UCSD are dedicated 
to helping people with such disorders. 

The Recovering from Eating Disorders 
program, which is run by psychologists 
and student peers who themselves have 

overcome eating disorders, offers counsel-
ing to students who seek help. 

Harju said this interaction proves more 
effective since it helps students feel more 
comfortable. The program is divided into 
three levels, and is designed to help stu-
dents at various stages of the disorder 
through group therapy, follow-ups, and 
preventive counseling. 

Harju said there is no single cause for 
eating disorders. A combination of psycho-
logical, familial, socio-cultural and bio-
logical factors can be contributors. Society's 
emphasis on thinness puts great pressures 
on many to strive for a thinner body shape. 

Also, according to Peer Counselor Karen 
Bassiri, with rapid social changes, there is 
more and more pressure for women to 
become independent high achievers and 
succeed on male terms, getting important 
jobs and becoming self-reliant. 

While the same may be said about males, 
being fit athletically is the primary concem 
among males with eating disorders. 

According to the American College 

lUustratioll by Mel Marcelo 

Health Association (ACHA), anorexia ner-
vosa is a condition characterized by an in-
tense preoccupation with food, combined 
with an obsessive fear of becoming fat. 
Symptoms include: 

• An intense preoccupation with the de-
sire to be thin 

• Weight loss of at least 25 percent of 
original body weight with no medical expla-
nation that could account for it 

• Excessive dieting and hyperactive ex-
ercise 

• Cessation of menstruation (when 10 
percent ideal body weigh is lost, menstrua-
tion ceases) 

• Chronic depression, low self-esteem, 
irregular sleeping pattems 

• Hypothermia, because of the body's 
inability to maintain heat 

• Constipation, becau~ theintestinal tract 
is disturbed by the fa: lure to take in and 
retain normal amounts of food and fluids 

• Lack of concentration, and chronic fa-
tigue 

The ACHA said bulimia is known as the 
binge-purge syndrome. A bulimic person 
shows a pattem ofbinging and self-induced 
vomiting as well as abuse oflaxatives. 

Bulimics are not easily identifiable be-
cause they are not thin like anorexics and, in 
fact , are slightly above average weight. Some 
of the medical complications ariSing from 
bulimia include: 

See HEALTH, page 9 

Thursday, March 8, 1990 

Taking Milk 
Crates is 
a Crime 
By LARRY SPEER 
Daily Nexus 

Mike Massey has chased crooks 
allover the state . He 's brought 
charges against criminal meat 
packers, a renegade tortilla chip 
producer, and has even nailed a 
few police officers who were 
unwittingly breaking the law. 

The crimes they committed 
were not cause for an FBI man-
hunt. Many of the "criminals" were 
not even aware they had done 
anything wrong. 

But Massey , a retired San Ber-
nardino police officer, was hot on 
the trail. He was a milk-crate cop. 

"Milk crates are everywhere," 
Massey said. "Just go to any col-
lege campus; students are using 
them for furniture, for shelves. 

"Drive down the freeway, and 
you won 't go for more than 10 
minutes without seeing some sort 
of truck with a crate or two in the 
back .... 

"Drive down your street, look-
ing into domestic garages, and 
there'll be some in there. It gets 
completely out of hand when you 
look into it." Massey said_ 

Americans, including many 
college students, steal more milk 
crates than almost anything else, 
said Massey, and dairy industry 
statistics would appear to back him 
up. From student space-crunchers 
to industrial cost-cutters to en-
trepreneurial interior decorators, it 
seems that almost everyone is steal-
ing the useful- and expensi ve-
plastic receptacles_ 

After retiring from police work, 
Massey, 45, worked from 1985 to 
1987 for the California Coalition 
for Milk Case Recovery, an or-
ganization formed by Califomia's 
biggest dairies to halt the rampant 
theft of their crates. The crates, 
registered and stamped by the 
member dairies, were disappear-
ing across California to the tune of 
$14 million per year . 

Massey 's job was to spread 
awareness among law enforcement 
agencies about a 1983 change in 
the penal code making all unauthor-
ized uses of registered milk crates 
illegal. In one instance, however, a 
police force was alegedly too busy 
breaking the law to enforce it, 
Massey said . 

The San Bernardino Sheriffs 
Department had made an arrest of 
a known petty thief, Massey said, 
and he had been asked to pick Ull 
26 stolen crates. 

"Now you golta realize cops 
love returning stolen property. It 
makes them feel like they 're doing 
their job," he said. 

But by the time Massey got to 
the station to pick up the crates, 
" the dam things had mostly disap-
peared." The station watch com-
mander himself had allegedly ab-
sconded with six or eight of the 

See CRATES, page 9 

Thursday, March 8, 1989 

Crates 
Continued from page 8 
stolen crates and was using them 
as a table for his personal com-
puter. 

" The law is in plain English on 
the crates," Massey said, "and yet 
people just don 't give a dam .... 
They ' re not milk cases to me; 
they're five dollar bills." 

Gil McGuire, Adhor Farms 
Dairy operations manager at the 
Southgate, Santa Ana, and San 
Diego plants, estimates 10 ses boost 
operating costs in his three plants 
by more than $100,000 per month. 

"These charges just go directly 
back to the consumer," causing at 
least a three to four cent price in-
crease on every gallon, McGuire 
said. 

The chief concern among the 
dairies is not the individual person 

with one or two crates, but the 
industrial users who use crates to 
sh~ve dollars from their operating 
costs_ 

Film production companies 
store electronic goods in milk crates 
when filming on location, rather 
than buying proper containers. 

Meat packers use the heavy, 
stackable crates for storage. A 
storage rental facility in San Diego 
had warehouses stacked with crates 
full of items the were being paid 
to store. But one of the strangest 
and most disgusting examples 
Massey has encountered was that 
of a homemade tortilla chip com-
pany in Escondido. 

Rather than buying the proper 
industrial deep-frying equipment, 
theowner used milk crates to deep-
fry his raw chips-by submerging 
the crates in vats of hot, bubbling 
oil, Massey said. When the crates 

The UCSD Guardian 

began to melt, he knew the chips 
wele done, Massey said, adding 
that the plast ic coati ng on the crates 
is toxic for human consumption. 

To the best recollection of Isla 
Vista Foot Patrol Administrative 
Assistant Diana Halliburton, there 
has never been a citation issued in 
Isla Vista for possession of stolen 
milk crates. 

While state law dictates a fine 
of up to $1,000 for illegal posses-
sion of milk crates, along with a 
possible jail term of up to six 
months, Halliburton said that 
"officer discretion" has been the 
reason that students with crates in 
their apanments have not been 
cited. 

"} don ' t mean to minimize the 
effects this has had on the diary 
industry , or on the pri ce of 
milk ... but whether or not [offi-
cers] want to put an 18-22 year old 

wofor e 
tceofnone. 

OW, YOll and a friend can 
e;lCh enjoy alifornia's most con-

"~Ili nt checking free of monthly 
s rvi ce charge " for a year. 

Ju t com in and open any 
new per 'onal h kinga count, 
then refer a friend who's new 
ro BofA. When your fr iend 
opens an acc unto you' ll each 
get your checking free. 

If you already have a BofA 
checking acc()unt, you can still 

check fret' . Just send u~ a new 
customer. and we'll give you 
each free personal che king for 
a year. Plus all the convenience 
of California's largest branch and 
full -service ATM network. 

Add it all up and you'" ee 
why now, more than ever, BofA 
checking is checking worth 
(elling your friends about. For 
m re informati n. top by any 
Bank of America branch. 

Bank of AmerIca 
Doing the job kx more CaIikJmians: 

L"JollaPla;wHranch. 4 380utjoila illaJ.:t-))r .. U1JClila.CA Q2 122 (1IQ)552·41 10 

kid through the criminal justice 
system is probably considered," 
Halliburton said. 

"Unfortunately, whoever in-
vented the milk crate made it a 

Health 
Continued from page 8 

• Low food intake or frequent 
vomiting can cause a loss of serum 
potassium in the body. This can 
lead to hean or kidney failure 

• Dehydration because of low 
food intake or vomiting 

• Enlargement of the salivary 
gland 

• Tooth and gum decay, caused 
by constant vomiting 

• Mental disturbances, such as a 
lack of concentration 

Eating problems are serious, 

FEATURES 9 

great carrying case," Redburn said. 
"A milk case, to someone just 
seeing it sitting out by the dining 
commons, looks like a pretty good 
thing to have." 

psychologically addictive and can 
be medically dangerous. How-
ever, according to the ACHA, they 
can be cu red and behavior can be 
changed. 

Harju stressed that there. is no 
one method of treatment for eating 
disorders. Each case represents an 
individual with specific needs. 
Optimal treatment includes com-
bining nutritional rehabilitation, 
psychotherapy, and behavior modi-
fication. She said treatment should 
include follow-ups and counsel-
ing_ 

~I 

• w 

1----..· 

Our intensives in chemistry, physics, math, and IanpIIFS 
draw sbldents &om all om tile co_try. 

Call l.tlOO-fIl'I)S NlJ Un Wloois, aU 708/49) -4111) or mail this coupon. 

I 
I 
I 
I , 

I' ......... Send me \. free copy ohhe SuaIIir ..... .,. ... willi 
6nancia1 aid and rqI5II'3IIon illform3lioo ( ....... ApItI,) . 
PIa5e send lbe caIIioB 10 ' 0 my homr. 0., IIIIDIJI. 
~_ SaAoa '90, 2003 ShcridM IIuId !l ••• , ... ~_ 



10 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 8, 1990 

. , ' . '. '. ' . .' 
" " . . 

. ' . ' . ' . ' " . 

" , " ' . 

. ' .. . . 

Thursday, March 8, 1990 

, 

.......... 

, 

PRESENTED BY 
IJ 

, 0 

"t_ , 

; AND 
D 
evE ..... Ts 

The UCSD Guardian 

.... ~ .. "' .... :; " '. 
..... ..\ ..... ". 

. "' .. 

UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS & STUDENT ACTIVITIES 

11 

·APRIL 1 
"'SUNDAY 

,, :." .8 PM 
-, MANDEVILLE 

AUD'rrORIUM 
'. UCSD STUDENTS $10.00 

, G.A. $14.50 
. . , " UCSD BOX OFFICE 
TICKer~~STE~ 534-4559 



12 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Classified advertising is sold in lS-word 
IncremenlS. The rate per 15 words is $ t for 
students. $3 for faculty and staff. and $4 for 
others. Payment In advance Is required ; 
therefore. ads must be mailed with a check 
(made payable to The UCSD Guardlall) or 
presented In person. Please have e~act 
change. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's paper and 3 p.m. Monday for 
Thursday's paper. The Guardian reserves 
the right to refuse any advertising including 
but nol limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534 -54 t 6. The 
Guardian. UCSD. B-016. LaJoiIa. CA 92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth. education, prayer, socializing. 
Connect with Unionof Jewish Students I 
502 Matthews; east of the Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534·2521 . (1/4· 
3112) 
WORD PROCESSING, term papers, 
experienced dissertation, 7 days a 
week, 4.0 English Skills, references. 
755-2683. (2/5-3/12) 

Skydive today at Skydiving Adventures 
- student discounts. For further info call 
1-800·526-9682. (3/1-3/12) 

Monday Night is UCSD College Night 
at Torrey·s. In the Marriott Hotel. Free 
appetizers and UCSD Drink specials. 
COME ON DOWN! (3/5-311 2) 
ALL YOU CAN EAT FOR $3 .85 . 
Saturday 11 :30 - 2:30. Corner of 
Regents and Governor. Panda House, 
Mandarin & Szechwan Cuisine. See 
display ad for more info. (3/5-3/12) 

A FREE GIFT JUST FOR CALLING. 
PLUS RAISE UP TO $1 ,700 IN ONLY 
10 DAYS. Student groups, frats. and 
sororities needed for marketing project 
on campus. For details plus your FREE 
GIFT, Group officers call 1-800-765-
8472 E~t 50. (3/5-4/5) 
Revelle College Council (RCG) is now 
accepting applications for the immediate 
appointment of an RCC member. 
Interested? Stop by the Dean's office 
and pick up the application. (3/5-3/8) 

CELEBRATE Third College's 20th 
Anniversary by becoming part of the 
R.A. Team. Application deadfine 3/23. 
(3/8) 

Third College WANTS YOUI Be a 
resident advisor. Apply by 3/23 at T.C. 
Residential Life. (3/8) 

Airlines Now Hiring. Travel 
agents, Flightattendants, Mechan· 
ics, etc. Entry level and up. Sala· 
ries to $1 05K. Call 1-805-682 -7555 
ext. A-l 056. 

Crulseshlps Now Hiring for 
spring, Christmas and next sum-
mer breaks. Many Positions. Call 
1-805-682-7555, ext. S-l 023. 

FACTORYOUTLETCLOTHINGSALEI 
New selection from Tweeds including 
100"10 silk, linen, and rayons reduced 
50-80% below catalog retail prices I 
Sweaters. jeans , sweats. shorts. 
jackets, tops, accessories for men and 
women. Large selection from Esprit, 
Vuarnet, LAGear. 1 ooO'sofcasual and 
career dothing from famous department 
stores and speciality stores available at 
60-90% below retailll Friday and 
Saturday from 10a.m. t06p.m. Sunday 
from 12 noon to 5 p.m. Go 4 lights east 
of the 805 off Miramar Road to 8250 
Camino Santa Fe. Hotline 450-3323. 
(3/8) 
GENERAL MEETING: Golden Key 
Society welcomes old and new 
members. We are electing new officers 
and organizing committees tonight in 
the Price Center 'Cove' (first floor 
adjacent to food section) at 7 :00 p.m. 
FREE FOOD! (3/8) 

RACING BICYCLISTS: Rainbow 
Cyclists is training for Gay Game: 'II in 
Vancouver, 8/4-11 . Wayne 225-8834. 
(3/8) 
STUDY and FIELD EXPERIENCE in 
USSR, Cameroun, or one of 24 other 
countries! Info Session with a School 
for International Train ing 
Representative Monday, 3/12 3 p.m.: 
IntemationalCenterOPPORTUNITIES 
ABROAD LIBRARY. (3/8-3/12) 

SERVICES 

Olga Bari Electrologist, 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (61 9) 226-
1962. (1/4-3/12) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near SI. Germains. 
452-9949. (10/9-3/12) 
TYP INGII! I'll type your termpapers etc. 
quickly and inexpensively. Laser printer. 
Call Jennifer: 558-6090. (2112-3112) 
WORD PROCESSING, TERM 
PAPERS , EXPERIENCED 
DISSERTATIONS, sevendaysaweek, 
4.0 English skills, references. 755-2683. 
(211 5-4/5) 

Typing/word processing. Term papers, 
theses, resumes. Good work, good 
rates. Near UCSD. Barbara, 453-0592. 
(2126-3/12) 

Typing/Word Processing: Academic 
manuscri~ts, papers, theses, letters, 
resumes . Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (2/26-3/12) 
FEEL CONFIDENT IN FRENCHI 
Practice more for exams or trip to 
France. Alliance Francaise. 278·7863. 
(3/1-3/12) 
PAPERS TYPED I Quick & affordable I 
$2Ityped double-spaced page. Call W 
Colony Resumes& Professional Typing 
Services, 455-8357. One-day service 
available. Laser Printingl Choice of 35 
typestyles I (3/5-3/12) 

TYPINGlWORD PROCESSING. One 
Day Service. Free Edi~ng. $1 .75 per 
page. Call Ann 229-9119. (1122-3/12) 
Polishyourprosel Editing. proofreading, 
expert word processing . Merilee's 
Editorial Services. 2n -9229 aftar 3 p.m. 
(3/5-4/5) 
Word Processing Services. 
Professional quality -reasonable rates. 
Papers, resumes, theses. Call Usa 566-
9096. (3/8-3/12) 

WANTED 

Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on the effects of alcohol. If you 
are a UCSD student or non-academic 
staff, American born male of en~rely 
Japanese, Chinese, or Korean descent, 
call Scripps Clinic and Research 
Foundation for more information, 554-
2192. (1/4-3112) 
Wanted: 80 overweight people seriously 
interested in losing 25 Ibs. in 30 days. 
Eam $$$ while losing guaranteedl Anne 
279-4265. (2122-
3/12) 
ARE YOU ALLERGIC TO POLLENS, 
ANIMALS OR DUST? NEEDED NOW: 
Males with allergies or hay-fever, aged 
18-35 for a FREE brief study of a new, 
very long-lasting, safe allergy 
medication. (619)277-2740. (2126-3/8) 
Infant care in my Del Mar home. 
Experienced! Need own car. 1-3 dayl 
week. 755-6172. (311·3/12) 

Administrative Assistant: Perform all 
secretarial tasks (light typing, answering 
phones, market research) for high 
energy company. Need dependable, 
enthusiastic, hard working individual. 
Lots of action. 40 hrs. a week, 8-5 M-F. 
Flexible for one or two classes. Scripps 
Ranch location. $7.00 per hour. Ruth 
586-1111 . (3/1-3/8) 

JOBS JOBS JOBS. $71hr + bonus, on 
campus , flexible hours. Outgoing 
students call today. 587-1585. (3/5-
3112) 
Need Infant Care in my Del Mar home. 
Experienced. Own Car. 1-3 days/Week. 
755·6172. (3/5-4/16) 
HOME CARE GIVERS NEEDED. The 
Early Childhood Education Center is 
seeking full time infantlloddlerchildcare 
providers in University residential 
housing for the UCSD InfantIToddler 
Family Day Care Referral Program. 
Contact: Pat Dalton, Ed.D. Program 
Coordinator 534-7740 M·F 7:30a.m .• 
4:00 p.m. Bldg. 508 MMC. (3/5-4/9) 
Kirby's Cafe, Del Mar, is now hiring 
bussers and el(perienced servers for 
weekend (day and evening) shifts. Apply 
in person, 215 Fifteenth St., Del Mar. 
(3/5-3/8) 
Asthma Research. Mild to moderate 
asthmatics are needed to help evaluate 
new medications. Earn up to $250 and 
receive a free physical and medications. 

GREAT STUDENT JOBS $5-$7/Hour. 
Atech Software, located in Carlsbad, is 
in immediate nBedof part-lime workers. 
You must be a hard worker and able to 
work between 10-20 hours per week. 
TECHNICAL PHONESUPPORT: Help 
customers learn how to use our 
software. Be a troubleshooter. Technical 
background and good communication 
skills required. SOFlWARE TESTERS: 
Test our newest software for bugs. Be 
a Detective. Technical background and 
experience with the IBM PC required. 
ORDER TAKERS: answer our sales 
lines and write up customer orders. 
Learn our products . Good 
communication sIdIs and some sales 
experience preferred. PRODUCTION! 
SHIPPING CLERK: Help us put together 
and ship software products allover the 
world. Must be fast, carelu I, and take 
pride in your work. No experience 
necessary. Call Nancy at 438-5004 for 
a phone interview. (3/5-3/8) 

SecrelarylReceptionist - full or part time. 
Apparel Designer Zone, a fast growing 
clothing company, seeks an energetic, 
enthusiastic individual to handle all offICe 
duties for our corporate office • Individual 
should possess excellent typing , 
computer and communication skills. 
Please call 450-3323 for an interview. 
(3/8) 

PEER COUNSELOR AND 
CLASSROOM ASSISTANT summer 
staff openings at SuperCamp, an 
exciting life skillslacademic residential 
program for teens in CA, CO, WI, IL, 
and MA. Call Renee or Tricia, 800-527-
5321 for details and training near you I. 
(3/8) 
UCSD's Hard Core Film Club wants 
scripts. submission to mailbox C7, top 
floor, Price Center. (3/8-3/12) 

Earn $20 Todayl Graduate student 
researcher needs 20 students to spend 
3·4 hours answering questionnaires and 
viewing a film. Please helpl Call Melissa 
at 543-2496 for information. (318) 
Child Care/Mother's helper, part time 
(Wednesday + Saturday) in Solana 
Beach for 2 cute kids . Own 
transportation, references, English 
speaking. 481-3727. (3/8-3112) 
SOFT CONTACT LENS WEARERS: 
Eam cash. Share yourlens experiences 
for government research project. 
Comfortable office setting. 1-2 hours 
only, one time. No sales_ Call 535-
1661. (3/8) 
Autos 1970-1983 must be drivable. 
Clear title we pay cash. Private party. 
(619)225-D847. (3/8-415) 

FOR SALE 

A1 Futon and Frame$95. Nearcampus. 
Can deliver. 268-0814. (2126-4/9) 

Futon/FramelOuIity. Full $1 00, Queen 
$115. Also Queen bed $150_ Twin $95, 
delivery 284-6222. (3/1-3112) 

Clinical Trials Center. Phone 294-3787. Nissan Sentra '83 excellent condition. 
3/5-4/30 Fully loaded $2000 o.b.o. Must sell 1..... __________ ---1 1..... ____________ ---l:=....:.:.;:.=L ________ -, 450-1712 evenings . 558-8174 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation. 

Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
If interested, call 534·4955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534-6847-

Visa or Mastercardl 
Even if bankrupt or bad credit! We 
GUARANTEE you a card or double 
your money back. Call 1-805-682-
7555, ext. M-l052. 

message. (3/5-3/8) 
COMPUTER FOR SALEI IBM XT 
compatible wi software. 30 MB hard 
dribe (40 ms), 360K Itoppy drive, 640K 
RAM, 101 keyboard, serial, parallel, 
game ports, and monochrome monitor. 
ONLY $5801 Ed 753-9323. 3/8-3/12) 

PaperTiger 
Fast, accurate documents, 

term papers, resumes, ads, 
graphics. 300-dpi 

laser printing 24-hour 
service. $2,25 / page 
456-2216 or 272-6772 

Thursday, March 8, 1990 

COMMODORE 8032, Dual floppy disk, 
letter quality printer, word processor, 
spreadsheet. MUST SELL! Jason 558-
2575. (318-3/12) 
FUTON & FRAME, QUEEN, BLACK, 1 
Year old. $100. Also, MICROWAVE. 
$65. Call 450-9265. (3/8-3/12) 
The Cult - two tickets Fri, 3/30, SDSU 
O.A.T. Sec 13X. Best offer. Craig 792-
8479. (318-3/12) 

Guitar and Amp - Suburst Fender Strat 
$275 o.b.o. 65 watt Fender Reverb 
$150. Eves 454-3036. (3/8-3/12) 
Women's Golf Clubs. Only used a 
couple of times. $50.00. Call Alicia. 
259-2017. (3/8) 

HOUSING 

Summer sublet wanted. UCLA Law 
couple. Bobble - day (213)206-1953. 
Joe -eves. (213)391 -2558. (2115-3/12) 
ROOMMATE NEEDED NOWI Own 
room in Clairemont house. $285 plus 
1/3 util. Lots of space. Big backyard. 10 
minutes to school. Close to everything. 
Share with 2 seniors. John 273-2145. 
(3/1-3/8) 
Master bedroom for rent in house five 
miles from UCSD. Available April 1 -
June 30. Own bath . One or two 
occupants. $300 per month plus 1/4 
util. Call Rob 549-8359. (3/5-3/12) 
Own room in UC house, $320/month. 
Female, non-smoker, 558-1972, try 
evenings. (3/5-3/12) 

Roommate wanted: 4 bedrooml2 bath 
Clairemont house. $223/month (own 
room) . Call 541 -2073. (315-3/8) 
Roommate wanted: own room in 3 
bedroom house near Windansea. $4001 
month. Exc_ location. 454-6261. (3/5-
3/8) 
Christian Female roommates wanted. 
$265 share, $310 own room. Next to 
campus. Many amenities. 558-2082. 
(3/8) 
$275/mo. for room in home 10 min. 
from UCSD. April 1 -June 30. Equipped 
wlcolor TV, microwave, VCR, weight 
set, washerldryer, Nintendo, foosball 
table, etc. Nice neighborhood. Dan 549-
8359. (3/8-3/12) 
Roommate wanted: malelfemale, non-
smoking to have own furnished room in 
a large 4 bedroom, \wo-story townhouse 
15 minutes from UCSD. In-house 
washerldryer, cable TV, pool, and 
jacuzzI. Very clean with all amenities. A 
must seell $31 Dlmo. no utilities. Call 
Steve at 271 -6811 . (3/8-4/5) 
Large bedroom for 2 males, share 
kitchen, bath, $295.00 ea. Util. Incl. 
Quiet, non-smokers. 452-0939. (3/8-
3/12) 
Fun female non-smoker wanted for own 
room in Mission Beach house $335/ 
mo. Available 4/1 . 488-2744. (3/8-3/12) 
Very close I Ownlshare ($500/250) 
master bedroom with walk-in closet. 
Available 3122. ReecelEric 457-4264. 
(3/8-3/12) 

Homeless?1 There's a room in Del Mar 
waiting for youl Females preferred. 
Alicia 259-2017. (3/8) 
TlERRASANTA. Femalel male, 
nonsmoker, no pets. Professional! 
student to share new 3 bedroom 2 112 
bath home. Quiet neighborhood, 10 
minutes from UCSD. All amenities. 
$310/month. 458-0576. (3/8) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST: gold square-face Casio watch_ 
Last seen at Price Center 2116. Call 
Dennis 453-0236. (3/5-3/8) 

Thursday, March 8, 1990 The UCSD Guardian CLASSIFmDS 13 

UCSD NOVICE VICIOUS CREW: LOST: Gold triangle-shaped sorority 
pin. Has three pearls and letters SK on 
it. Initials on backside are M.M.P. 
REWARD. Please call 558-7183 if 
found. (3/5-3/8) 

PERSONALS 

ALL YOU CAN EAT FOR $3.85. 
Monday -SaturdaY,11 :30-2:30. Comer 
of Regents and Governor. Mandarin & 
Szechwan Cuisine. See display ad for 
more info. (3/5·3/12) 

Monday night is UCSD COLLEGE 
NIGHT AT TORREY'S, in the Marriott 
Hotel. Free appetizers and UCSD drink 
specials I COME ON DOWN. (3/5-3/ 
12) 

Congratulations on your Cal-Poly 
weekend I Now irs time to fire-up on 
USC. Good luck and remember 
R.Y.B.O. Coach. (3/8) 

GENERAL MEETING: Golden Key 
Society welcomes old and new 
members. We are electing new officers 
and organizing committees tonight in 
the Price Center "Cove" (first floor 
adjacent to food section) at 7:00 p.m. 
FREE FOODI (3/8) 

U~Taco1ime Auto Insurance can be AFFORDABLE! 
Revelle College Council (RCC) is now 
accepting applications for the immediate 
appointment of an RCC member. 
Interested? Stop by the Dean's. office 
and pick up the application. (3/5-3/8) 

UCSD'S WOMEN'S CREW: 
Congralulations on your first of many 
victories. Keep the winning tradition 
alive. Kill USCI We love you all. THE 
STUDL Y X-STERN PAIR. (3/8) 
Sig Ep Hoopsters - At-a-way to be. IFC 
B-Ball Finals via "The Fisll" HFF Rosen-
Rosen. K-Man, Warey, Piscopo. (3/8) 

Thanks to all you enthusiastic KKG's 
who made the Easter Seals Telethon 
such a successl Go PHILANTHROPY. 
(3/8) 
Hey Pi Phis! The Monmouth Duo was a 
super get together - Thanksl Good luck 
on Finals - KKG. (3/8) 

It's Time for the Bes/Tw 

FREE 
DRINK REFILLS 

Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

SPECIAL COLLEGE 
STUDENT PROGRAM 

( . \ 1.1 I S I· II{ s I 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North #315 

Dieridre? Deirdree? Deerdree? Hey 
Pinkyl Happy 20th. Rememberto stroke 
it long and hard this weekend and to 
keep it pumping while all 19 of you do it 
at Long Beachl Power 250. Love, Clapto 
Ker. P.S. Make sure Dee goes in the 
water you guys I (3/8) 

Third College Resident Advisors 
Application deadline: 3123 12 noon 
Office of Residential Life. (3/8-3/12) 

Panhellenicand IFC-Congratson your 
fabulous new officers_ Here's to a great 
yearl Sincerely - KKG. (3/8) 

... 1.11. VIII ... Ce .... r 

foundtrip airfares 00 .. 
est Airlines. 
,~not Just a grear pr~. 
~s a great experience. 

1 • 

Only for student American Express@ Cardmembers. 
Apply for the American Express~ Card. 
Then get ready to take off. In search of 
adventure, action-or just simply to escape. 

American Express and Northwest 
Airlines have arranged these extraordinary 
travel privileges on Northwest-exclusively 
for student Cardmembers: 
• CERTIFICATES VALID FOR THE PURCHASE 
OF TWO $1l8 ROUNDTRIP TICKETs- to many 
of the more than 180 cities in the 48 contig-
uous United States served by Northwest. 
Each certificate is good for a six-month 
period, and they will arrive within six 
-weeks after you receive the Card. Current 
Cardmembers will automatically receive 
their $118 certificates by March 15, 1990 
provided they are still full time students:t' 

• 10% OFF ANY NORTHWEST FLIGHT - with 
your own personalized discount card, valid 
throughJanuary 1991 on all Northwest and 
Northwest Airlink flights. (This discount 
is not applicable to the $118 student 
certificates and other certificates, 
promotional or special status airfares.) 
• 2,500 BONUS MILES TOWARDS FREE TRAVEL-
when you enroll in Northwest's WoridPerks~ 
Free Travel Program. 

AND NOW BECOMING A CARD MEMBER 
IS AS EA Y AS A TELEPHONE CALL. 

Just pick up the phone, call 1-800-942-
AMEX, and talk to us. We'll take your 
application and begin to process it 
immediately. (If you have your banking 
information handy, like your accoum 
number and bank address, it will help 

APPLY TODAY 

1-800-942 -AMEX 

speed the proce$S_) 
Keep in mind that our Automatic 

Acceptance Program makes it easier for 
you to become a Cardmember now, as a 
student, than it will ever be again. 

And remember that as a Cardmem-
ber you'll enjoy all the exceptional benefits 
and personal service you would expect from 
American Express. 

So don't miss out on a world of great 
experiences. Pick up the phone. Apply for 
the Card. And start packing! 

~ 
NORTHWEST 

AIRLINES 
• tf you are .Jre.dy a ~Iudcnl AmCII ,n I 'prc'> t .,dmembcr .nd h.,c • qu .. ,lIoo .b<'UI thl> prvg,.m. pie», \ nd your ""'ttcn q"",tl<'n. a \1>1". of your IlK!cnt 11) and cI." -.chedule tu mencan Expre,;. PO Box 35029. 

Ann Swdcnt MarkellO~. l,rccn",huril, ~C l7 1 2~ hut 1\ for roundtnp tr.lvd un Nonhwt'~r Allhnr' Til kl' (\ rllll" be pUll tu"ed wHhlll 11 hour, Jtln lIuklng, I t",C:1\-.allon!!t LIre, .Ire nonre-tun"hbl.l" and no H1nerdT) lhangt' 
may be nude .fter pun h.,t· ~t·.I' '1Ih" lare are ilml<ed .nd nUl lll'l 1>< .• ,,,I.hk "hen yuu "II [,,,elmu'l O"j!InJlt bl ,·.I11I,,·.le e'I",.Ut>ll dJIO and he (om pitted wuhlll t>o d." (lllh" dale r"vel m.v nOlbe .v11lJble 
belween "lIe> 10 "hll h 'orth""1 d S 11<'1 h.V(· pub], ht'd !!luling' Cu, Iud ,ur h.'ge nvl 10, iuJ<d In t.re Irom So'tun f 2 ~Il) ( h, .~" I .~ (l1'1. nenvcr I $2 Oil) .nd HllnJ, "Un I 100, I <rwn bl. ·oul datn "nd 
olher re tn' lion, mly .pp1)· I'''' \I",,!,I I,' ullcr delOIt;, t .lI I l!OO Y,1! _\MI X . t'l'lO mUl"" I' pre" Tu\d Rd.led «VI(C' Comp,n\ I", 

THE AMER l( A I:. PR[' SS'" C RD ['O R S 1 LlH.r\ rs MORI:. 1111\£\ EVER 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 8, 1990 

Sports 
Tritons Take 15 Swimmers, Two Divers to National ChampionshIp Meet 

WOlDen's Swimming Striving to Capture Crown 
By BRIAN ITOW 
Senior Staff W,iter 

For five years in a row, Kenyon 
College of Ohio has been the queen 
of women's swimming. It has been 
revered as th: best to ever float on 
Division III water. 

This year, the second-ranked 
UCSD women's swimming team 
will take 15 swimmers and two 
divers to the National Champion-
hip at Williams College of Mas-

sachuselts in an altempt to break 
Kenyon's hold on the Division III 
crown. 

The big question is: are the 
Tritons capable of doing it? 

UCSD Head Coach Bill Mor-
gan does not care to speculate, but 
all indications seem to point to the 
most competitive race in years. 

Two new stars and added depth 
give the Tritons as good a chance 
as they have ever had to win 
UCSD' s first NCAA Division III 
national championship in swim-
ming. 

These two stars are Catherine 
CapriJe"s and Sabrina Lum. Ac-
cording to Morgan, they will be the 
Tritons' main point-getters at the 

Fencing Qualifies 
One for Nationals 

Last weekend at the six-team 
NCAA Western Regional 
Championships at Stanford, the 
men 's foil and sabre squads took 
third, and the men's epee and 
women's foil took sixth. 

In double-elimination com-

Intercollegiate 
Update 

petition, Darin Wessel was the 
only TritOfl to qualify for the 
nationals, with a second place 
finish in the sabre. 

Others placing included Avi 
Friedlich (fifth, sabre), Arnon 
Friedman (fourth, foil), and 
Amy Leung (13th , women's 
foil). 

The week before, the men's 
team posted second place fin-
ishes in the foil (14-2) and sabre 
(13-3), and fifth in the epee (8-
8) for second overall at the nine-
team conference tourney. 

The women 's team went 9-7 
in foil competition to place 
fourth. 

Baseball Dropped 
12·3 by SDSU 

The ~Oth-ranked Tritons got 
slanuned by Division I SDSU 
last night, 12-3, as three of six 
UCSD pitchers gave up all the 
Azlec ru ns in the fi rst fi ve in-
nings. Dann Eaton (2- 1) took 
the loss. 

Henry Jimenez went 3 for 3, 
including his second horne run 
of the year. 

......... piled by __ c_ .... Spo'" e/M,o, 

meet, which begins today. 
Capriles is a transfer student 

from UCLA, where she starred for 
the Bruins eaming a berth al II' ,", 
NCAA Division I finals in both the 
200 backstroke and the 200 indi-
vidual medley. 

The former Bruin also competed 

in the 1988 u.s. Olympic Trials, 
where she finished seventh in the 
200 backstroke. Following that 

'\ I Ill' \I 1'1<1 \ II \\ 

meet she retired, and just recently 
re umed her career by joining the 
Tritons. Since coming out of re-

tirement, she is ranked first in Di-
vision ill in both the 100 and 200 
backstroke events. 

Lum, a first-year student from 
Monterey, was a heat winner for 
Chinese Taipei in the 1988 Olym-
pics. She is expected to vie for top 
honorsinthe 100 and 200 bulterfly 

Guardian File Photo 

Possessed - Jenna Banaszek is one of 15 Triton swimmers aiming to bring back the national title. 

event, in which she is currently 
ranked first in Division ITI. 

Capriles and Lum will also lead 
the Tritons ' top-ranked 200 and 
400 medley relay teams. 

In addition to the two top new-
comers, a number of veteran na-
tional s performers are being 
counted on to score points. 

Katy Arnold is expected to make 
it to the freestyle finals. l enna Ba-
na zek is a top contender in both 
the freestyle and butterfly events. 

Alice Kirby and Erin Bakey are 
expected to lead the Tritons in their 
respective breaststroke events. 

Morgan is excited about the 
prospects of his top performers, 
but believes that the second group 
oft 1 swimmers could be the key to 
Triton success. 

"We are going to Massachu-
setts with a lot of top scorers and a 
lot of question marks in the second 
group," he said. 

Kenyon is as vulnerable as it 
has been in the past fi ve years, 
according to Morgan, while the 
Tritons have the quality and depth 
to score more points than they ever 
have at a national meet. 

See W. SWIM, page 15 

Tritons Take Two For First Sweep of Season 
Softball Disposes of Regis of Colorado, 4-2, 6-1; UCSD Raises Record to 4-6 

By PETERKO 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD softball team may 
have forever changed the way 
teams break out of slumps. 

Change the uniform. 
Outfitted in shiny new digs, the 

Tritons wiped out Regis of Colo-
rado (3-7) yesterday afternoon, 4-
2 and 6-1, to record their first , and 
long-awaited, doubleheader sweep 
of the season. 

Plagued by inconsistency and 
mental lapses for much of its first 
eight garnes, UCSD transformed 
itself into a smooth-running ma-
chine that banged out 20 hits and 
10 runs in the two games. 

The Tritons (4-6) also played 
their first error-free game of the 
year in the opener, when they 
knocked off the Division II Rang-
ers, who are in the first year of their 
program. 

" I don't know who that team 
was in our uniforms for the first 
eight games, but it wasn't the team 
I saw today," first-year UCSD 
Head Coach Sal Coats said. 

Kathy Fogg (1-3) got the Tri-
tons off on the right foot by carry-
ing a no-hitter into the sixth inning 
of the first game, before Regis' 
Leta Hanson lined a single into left 
firld. 

Fogg, a junior, also helped her 
own cause by going 2 for 3 al the 
plate to pick up her first victory of 
the year. 

Fogg received offensive sup-
pon from banerymate Tracey Kehr, 
who went 2 for 3 with an RBI, and 
shortstop Dana Chaiken, who went 

2 for 4. 
Regis' Laura Picon (1-3) was 

knocked around for three runs in 
four innings to take the loss. 

First-year player Kim Stutzman 
(3-0) also went the distance in the 
nightcap to remain undefeated on 
the season. 

Stutzman, like Fogg, kept the 
Rangers off balance with an as-
sortment of off-speed pitches. Both 
pitchers recorded six strikeouts. 

Fogg continued to tear up the 
Rangers ' pitchers by pounding out 
another three hits, and teammate 
Lisa Mora went 3 for 3 to pace the 
Tritons' II -hit attack. 

In the bottom of the founh in-
ning, Kehr staked her claim to a 
part of UCSD softball history, as 
she became the first Triton to hit a 
home TWl at UCSO's second-year 
field. 

The run, which closed out the 
scoring, was only the second round-
tripper ever hit at the field. 

"As far at we ' re concerned, 
today was apening day," Coats 
said, re,arcInt the tearn 's hopes 
for a bnllfl!lllld from its early-
season prebl,IIlS. 

"We're sating off the season 
2-6, but in ~ minds, we're 2-0," 
Coats said. 

Softball Wednesday 
First Game 
lJCSD 4, Reals 1 

Reats 100 061 0 1 5 1 
lJCSD 102 010 x-4 9 0 

Picon. 0 ........ (~) Ind IlanlCl~ Oie, (4). Fou 
and Keht. WP-Fou (1·3). LP-Pi<on. (1·3). 

Second Game 
lJCSD6,Rep1 

Re&Ia iii iii 0-1' 1 
UCSD 211 1 .. x-' 11 l 
Teny and GieL S,_ Ind Kdw. WI'-
S,u_(3.() . LP- Teny (I·2). HR - Keht. 
UCSD. 4111 • .-011. 

Look Ma, No Handsl- First-year player Kris Melican, shown In action last week against Whittier, 
and the Tritons broke out of a season-long slump by rocking Regis (CO), 4-2 and 6-1 yesterday. 

Thursday, March 8 , 1990 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

Men's Volleyball Still Winless at 0-14 W.SWIM toward the Kenyon crown. will be a very close meet." The good news from last night's 
men' s vo lleyball game against 
ninth-ranked Ball State University 
(15-5) is that UCSD players posted 
match-high numbers in kills and 
assists, and the Tritons out-killed 
their opponents 83-81 . 

The bad news is that despite 
these achievements, the Tritons still 
fell in straight sets 15-4, 15-12, 16-
1410 remain winless at 0-14. 

Captain Nate Brown pounded 

down 24 kills, and also had a team-
high .568 hitting percentage. 

First-year setter Matt Brega 
primed hitters with 65 assists, as 
Tom McCutchen and Lamson Lam 
took advantage for 15 and 13 kills, 
respectively. 

Brega boldly predicted Ihat the 
team would claim its first victory 
with an upset in tomorrow night's 
7 p.m. rematch with SDSU. 

-<Ompiltd by o.no CIIIlk .... S_ £III .. 

Continued from page 14 
With six highly-ranked swim-

mers, they have the potential to 
win more individual events and 
relays than they have been able to 
in their past challenges. 

According to Lum, the Tritons 
will go to nationals with an eye 

"J am not sure how we compare 
to [KenyonJ. We are just going to 
try to swim as well as we can, and, 
if everyone one does that, then 
maybe we can beat them," she said. 

"We swim well in big meets," 
Morgan said. "We have our best 
team ever, and I would be sur-
prised if Kenyon does. I think it 

UCSD Xtramural Club Sports ... 
~ ~ 1m. linK 
Cycling CRITERIUM SatJSun. TBA 
Lacrosse (M) MANHATrANVILLE Thursday 3:00 p.m. 

at UC Irvine Saturday 2:00 p.m. 
Lacrosse (W) UC SANTA BARBARA Friday 7:00 p.m. 

UC DAVIS Saturday 
Rugby CSU LONG BEACH Saturday 
Ski Racing U.S. Collegiate Champ. Thu.-Fri. 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

1:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
TBA 

Still, he insisted that beating 
Kenyon is not the team' main 
objective. "We are going to the 
meet to see how fast we can swim, 
to be as good as we can be, and then 
possibly to win a national champi-
onship," he concluded. 

Xtramural Xtras 
Last weekendatBolsaChlca 

Beach, the UCSD. surfing "A" 
team finished first in a field of 
17 teams. and the "B" tewncarne 
in fifth. 

UCSD grabbed four of the 
top five spots, as Evan Slater 
took top honors, and Steve Colt, 
Christian Rodenbeck, and Tim 
Monk came in second, fourth, 
and fifth, respectively. 

Weekend Intercollegiate Sports Attractions ..• 
l:.Y.bal 
Baseball 
Softball 

Swimming (W) 
Tennis (M) 
Tennis (W) 

Track & Field 
Volleyball (M) 

RIm 
WHITIlER (DB) 
at La Verne (DR) 
at Cal State San Bernardino (DH) 
at National Championships (Massachusetts) 
EMORY UNIVERSITY (GA) 
WESTERN MICmGAN 
at Cal Poly Pomona 
UCSD MEET VS. FOUR TEAMS 
SAN DIEGO STATE 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

Du 
Saturday 
Friday 
Saturday 
Thu.-Sat. 
Sunday 
Friday 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Friday 

:IiDK 
12:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
12:00 p .m. 
All Day 
1:00 p.m. 

2:00p.m. 
11:00 a .m. 
11:00 a.m. 
7:00 p.m. 

Hang Ten - Bryan Palmer, shown in action last week vs. UCI, 
nailed down seven kills in limited action last night vs. Ball State. 

TEXT DEADLINE 
is April 6. 

Graduating Seniors 

interested in auditioning 

for the 1990 Warren College 

Commencement Student 

Speaker please contact 

the Warren Dean's Office 

at 534-4731. 

$100 Honorarium 

for selected Senior. 

Audition to be held 

the week of April 16. 

r 

I .. 'ilull on Globel Co~ltic, and CooP,rallon 

The 1990 IGee Summer Seminar on 
Global Security: 

The Challenge of Transition 
Request for Applications 

The Universily of California Institute 
on Global Conlfict and Cooperation 
(lGCC) announces an intensive program 
10 interest and further inform facully 
members and graduate students on 
intemotional securily, peace, and arms 
control issues. The speci~c purpose is 10 
prepare participants 10 leach in this 
subject area. Applicants may wish 10 
ex!8nd or enhance existing. courses or 
create entirelx new ones. Those with 
institutional affiliations in the United 
Sioies are eligible 10 aPPlY, with the 
understanding that haW of the expected 
30 partici~nts will come from within the 
Universi!y of California and half from 
other colleges and universities. Facully 
and graduOte students in all disciplines 
are encouraged 10 apply. 

The 1990 Summer Seminar will begin 
~, June 25, and end the evening 
of Tuesday, July 3. Participants will be 
expected 10 stay far the entire period and 
will be requirecllo live in the dormilory 
provided. Participants wiU receive Free 
room and board and travel expenses. 
AIthouah thero is a limiled number of 
spaces lor spouses 10 stay with partici· 
pants, at the participant's 8lIp8I1se, there 
are na facilities far children or pets. The 
sillll is the Universily of California, Los 
Angeles. 

Visiting scholars and practitioners will 
address the participants on such Iopics 
as: what is S8Curily, new technologies 
and international relations, the super' 
powers, the integration/disintegration of 
Europe, the Germanys and the luture of 

Eur~, conventional arms control, the 
Middle Eos~, economics and S8Curily, 
Japan, nan-proliferation, the environ' 
ment and new de~nitions of S8CUrily, 
what's left for the superpowers, and 
norms and institutions. 

Applicants are asked 10 submit by 
Aprir 1, 1990 a recent brief curriculum 
vitae and a single sheet of paper with 
the following information: 
I . Name 
2. Address 
3. Office and home telephone numbers 
4. Academic ti~e (groduate students must 

submit a leiter From a facully sponsor) 
5. Academic discipline 
6. Related courses al~ taught: When 

initialed? With what frequency? 
Lecture or semina" Undergraduate or 
graduate? (Graduate students: please 
list relevant courses taken.) 

7. Related courses you plan or intend 10 
leach far which the seminar would be 
relevant. When will it be offered, 
level? Frequency¥ Would the course 
be part of your r~ular teaching Iood¥ 
What place wooL:! it have in the 
curriculum? 

Please send your applicalion ta: 
Prof.nor Stwphen l. Spiegel 
Center lor Intemotional and Slrolwgic Affairs 
University of Colilomia, los Angeles 
405 Hilgord Avenue 
los Angeles, CA 90024·1486 
For further information coli Gem Horringlon 
at (213) 825·0604 



16 

I 

BASKETBALL 

BudMan's 1990 All"lm Team 
Bryce Stafford, Guard 
'Dude, Smell My FIst' Men's AA 
A guard In basketball today must be able to do almost anything for his squad. 
Magic Johnson and Michael Jordan are the prototypes. They can score, pass, 
rebound, block shots, steal balls and sell programs at halftime. They put people 
In the seats. Bryce Stafford may be as close as II gets here at UCSD. He led 
hiS squad In scoring, assists and steals , but most importantly brought the fans 
out to catch all the action. He can play the point guard, shooting guard or small 
forward position. Night after night he gave it l00"k and led his team to a top 
ranking and playoff birth. 

Louie Matz, Guard 
'PotpourrI' Men 's AAA • 'On a Roll' Coed AA 
The gray In his hair might make you thmk this grad student is a li«leover the hill', 
but one look at him flymg past opponents lets you know he can still do it. Dripping 
wet he checks In at 123 pounds, but contends, 'being small is what what makes 
me so fast Plus. it allows me to hide behind all the big guys' Louie can do 
everything well He can shoot from range, dnve to the bucket and shoot or dish, 
play full court defense all game long. design and call the out-of·bounds plays. 
But what really makes thiS multi·sport athlete stand out is the way he can make 
the rest of hiS team look good. thats the mark of a great POint guard. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 8, 1990 

Team Bowling Championships on the Make! 
It coutdn't come at a better time. With the rest ofthe campus agonizing over impending finals, a spirited 

(and we mean spirited, in the best sense) group ofUCSD students will be having a ball this Sunday evening. 
And oh yal They'll be rolling one tool 

Its the annual Intramural Team Bowling Championships, and the Clalremont Bowl will be busting at the 
seams as it has been for the past eight weeks. 

The top 3S qualifiers from this yc::.'s Sunday and Tuesday night teagues will be rolling for plenty of ego 
gratificat ion this Sunday evening at 9pm. The championship rules are cutthroat . Only the top four scores 
advance to Tuesday (March 13) Night's Rnal Four flnale. 

The bottom line Is simple. High handicap or not, you'd better be in the 1-3 pocket this Sunday, or your 
season Is over. No weak hearts need apply. Knock 'em all down, or go home and start studying for finals. 

This year's 35 qualifiers with season won-lost records: 

That Other Intramural Sport 

, Nicole Barr, Forward 

Well, another Hawaiian Football season has come 
and gone without much of the intramural population re-
alizing il was even here. If ever there was a sport that 
kept a low profile, it's this one. As far as exposure goes, 
it's the MISl, LPGA, and Pro Bowlers Tour all rolled into 
one. h's the kind of sport in which the most famous 
player could do one 01 those American Express 
commercials .. .'Hi, do you know me?' 

and scraps of trash. With no referees, no penalties, and no 
punts, the game takes on a playground, 'pick-up' atmos· 
phere. It could be the only intramuraf sport in which rock· 
paper'scissors plays a crucial rate in settling disputes. Jeez. 
I've seen more organization in a backyard game of 'pickle'. ' 7 Point Guards ' Womens, 'Jordan 's Heirs ' Coed AA 
T~ere are a number of outstanding players at thiS position, but lhis gal always 
stepped on the court ready to play and make a big impreSSion. She loves to get 
In the paint and mix It up WIth anyone who happens to be there. Down low IS 
where the action IS and where you'lI find thiS scrapy gal. This blue-<:oller 
approach Isn't always a work of art, but without her contributions neither of her 
squads would be cruising through the playoHs. Nicole hopes to take thiS 
valuable 1M expenence to the Women's Intercollegiate squad next year, but for 
this season she has left her mark on 1M's. 

Todd Sells, Forward 
'Swim Fags ' Men's A 
Called by hiS captain, 'A motivational leader,' thiS talented athlete lea~s his team 
in scorng both on and off the court. His athletic backgrDund is primarily in 
aquatics, but he can do it on land also. One of the few 'players' on this team of 
mutants he leads the team WIth an average of 16 points per game. His versatility 
allows him to fill the lane on the fast break or g' inside and push teammates out 
of the way 10 gel olfenslve boards. The strongest part of his game though, is the 
power move to the hole. When he takes off he is rarely denied:' 

Joe Higgins, Center 
'Miami Heat Red Shirts ' Men's AA 

But every Friday aftemoon you can be sure of two 
things happening on Muir campus (TG's are not one of 
them)-someone will be pounding on a Sparklens bottle 
by the Gym steps, and dozens of fleet·footed athletes 
will be playing their own brand of football on Muir FISId. 
TG for these guys takes on an entirely new meaning-
Tons 0' Gatorade. 

In a word, the game is tiring. Remember the last· 
second kickoff retum in the Stanford·Cal football game 
a few years back? Imagine running 30 of those plays 
back to back each half with no huddles. I don't know 
about you, but I'd rather be the Stanford trombone 
player than run with these boys. In fact, I yelled, 'Sub!' 
when they were just explaining the nuIes to me. 

The field boundaries are marked off by cones, but 
more appropriate markers might be sweatshirts, hats, 

In HaWaii, the game is usuaUy played on dried lava beds, 
where grass is sparse and craters of ~ to two feet deep score 
the surface. Perhaps this is why the game has adapted so well 
to UCSD, as Muir FISId is as close as you will come to these 
conditions on the mainland. In fact, the real treat about 
Hawaiian FootbaU is even if your team loses by 70, you're a 
winneri! you're able to walk off the field with both ankles intact. 

But with atl it's idiosyncrasies, Hawaiian Football errbod· 
ies the unwritten code of intramurats in both competition and 
sporlsmanship. Despite the absenoe of officials, there are 
fewer controversies in this sport than in almost any other intra· 
mural sport. 

Hawaiian Football is a way for this rare breed of Friday 
warriors to let off a little of the week's Sleam before they head 
overto the 'luau' on the Humpforacouple of Primos. But best 
0/ all, Hawaiian football is the only sport in which the champi· 
ons get lei'd right after they win. 

By the way, Late But Not Greatwon the cha~nship 64· 
46. And you guys thought you woufdn1 get any coverage. 

Joe is anything but your CIaSSlC center. He doesn't have a sky hook, isn't always 
the last one down the floor, and he can shoot outSide. He also gives 110%, all 
the time. Stiffs beat on him all game long trying to finally get a board away from 
him. but they are rarely successful. He Isalsooneol the rare players who doesn't 
try to chew up an offiCial every time he walks on the court. His deceptive drop 
step moves around the basket and fade away jumpers are what made him the 
teams leading scorer. ThiS big, active center was one of the best in IM's for the 
1990 season. 

BudMan's Weekend Soccer Playoff Predictions 
Men's AM 
The Chelfs OVER Lethal Erection by 2 goals 
Cowboys & Indians OVER Duzzy Fuds byl goal 

Men'sAA 

1M CHAMPIONSHIPS SCHEDULE 
Whimsical Yanns OVER We Put It In by 4 goals 
Toking To Victory OVER Stramboli by 3 goals 
Purr.., & Run OVER UC Regents by 10 goals 
Pull Out & Dribble OVER 3rd Army by 19oal Sunday, March I I • Main GYnI 

Coed A 12 noon Men's A 
CoedM 1:00pm Men'sM 
Womens 2'oopm Men'sMA 
Men's 5'10' 3:15pm 

4:30pm 

I 5:45pm 7:00pm 

J 

Men's A 
Jack Itch & Fun Gus OVER Kaya, Poon, and Totu 
by4 goals 
Andy's Men and a Ball OVER Rckensie by a shootout 

I Tho Bud Page ". pard advtiftJSw9 f.3" •• for Coast o...nbulong Co/T'jlany I 
ALL-1M FLOOR HOCKEY TEAM 

GOALIE 
Greg Koran-Dozen Sticks 

OFFENSE 
Wnda Thenault-Consistent(y t-npredictable 
Matt Nilsen-Dozen Sbcks 
Frank Marsiglia-Nothing to rio "'1m Neumle 
Cisco Munoz- Anthony Hales Us 

CENTER 
Mike LeVitan- FOf/Jver Old 
Tracey Kehr-Bust a Move 

DEFENSE 
Matt Kaplan-ROOf Without Wax 
Isaac Kim-PucI<mg Drabos 
Casey Joy-BadNad 
Jim Yamanaka-1M Useless 

Coed AAA 
Nothing Stupid OVER Puss and Boots by shootout 

Coed AA 
Our Guys Have No Balls OVER Dick, Cheese, and Watermelon 
by 5 goals 

Med heads OVER Penefrate and Score by 1 goal 

Coed A 
Slug Muffins OVER Go for the Goal by 8 goals 
Our Guys are Worthless OVER labotomy Patients by 2 goals 
GSSL OVER Sexual Chocolate by 4 goals 
Disco FC OVER Mike, etc. by a shootout 

Women's 
Misfits OVER We Have No Balls by a shootout 
Sokka Bra OVER Easy Score by 8 goals 

t AT l)~ 
arts entertainment 

MARCH 8, 1 990 

o 0 
;'1 )I( l~ ) d11\ \>/{\f,k '" 1',\l!l\ 

Art: Theater: 
There may be "7 Sculptors,'" but it's 
McKay who steals the show. P4 

Symposium delves into production 
problems but comes up empty. P6 



Shot a Minute: Boot Factor 4 
Anyone who entertains the idea of doing a shot of 

beer every minute for an out is a truly gaminS 
enthusiast. Shot a Minute is that simple: each player 
baa ooeminute to consume a one and one--haI£ ounce 
shot of beer, and he MWit do so every minute for a 
full hour. No sweat, huh? Guess again, big guy. 

For those who dUnk Shot a Minute is for whups, 
there's The Century Club: players driak a one 
ounce shot of beer every minute for 100 miDutea. 
This works out to over eiabt been JI(:I' pet8OIl, which 
does not appear to be "SO strenuous. But anyone who 
tries it will know differently. To make it especially 
tough, don't allow anyone to go to the bathroom 
until the game is over. 

Party Safe -- Don't Drink and Drive 
DIe ou.... da. nol candonIlIIe COIIIIUIIIptIon of .1cohoI1IV mlllOl'L 
Reprinted with pennission from The Complete Book of Beer Drinkin& G_ by 

Ben Rand. Andy GriJcom and Scott Johnstoo. Copyrisht 1989. Available at local 
bookstores or from Muatang Publishing, PO Box 937.7. New Haven. cr 06533 
($5.95 $1.50 

Mira M.sa Iclwarels Th.ate ... 
566·1917 

Stella/Steel Magnolias 
The Last of the Finest 

Bad Influence Hard To Kill 

U.lv .... lty Tow.. c..1re 6 
452·7766 

Joe Versus the Volcano 
Mountains of the Moon 

Hard to Kill 
Bad Inlfuence 

Men Don't Leave Driving Miss Daisy Revenge 

La Jolla YIII.g. Th.ate ... 
453·7831 

A Love Story The Last of the Finest 
The Hunt for Red Oct0ber 

Ken Cine.a-283·5909 
318 60s Rock/ Head 

3/9 The 1st U .S. Erotic Film Festival 
3/10 Michelangelo: Self-Pomait/Vincenr 

Every Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 
1l0'ClCy Horror Picture Show 

by Chri5tina and Mark 

Women $17 ( rex S!5) 
Men $14 (rex . $/9) 

UCSD Specials 
Perm & 110'" ut or 
Highlight & /fa", 11/ $50 

Triton rub Show 
Concert to Enhance Environment 

By Josh Odint% 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD Wilderness Club will be hosting a 
free environmental concert, titled the Mother 
Earth Day Fest, at the Triton Pub on March 10 at 
7 p.m. Bunji Thump, Jambay, and a light show 
will provide live entertainment, but the main 
focus of the event is to highlight visiting environ-
mental groups. 

Many local and national groups will have 
representatives at the show. The current list of 
groups involved include: Greenpeace, Earth First, 
Environmental Health Coalition, I Love a Clean 
San Diego, the Sierra Club, the Peace Resource 
Center, Green Store (affiliated with the San 
Diego Greens), the Rain Forrest Group, Jim Bell 
(alternative technologies), Project Earth, the San 
Diego Bio Diversity Project. CalPIRG, the Clean 
Air Coalition, and the Earth Day Coalition San 
Diego. 

In addition. many on-campus groups are join-
ing the festivities. Among groups that have 
expressed interest are the Gret:ns of UCSD, the 
Recycling Co-op, the Muir Environmental 
Community, the UCSD Earth Day Coalition, 
and the CM Cafe. 

In a recent interview, co-organizer Joe Rigney 
discussed how they went about recruiting organi-
zations to attend the show. "We came up with a 
few lists that people had of groups involved with 
environmental issues," Rigney said. "Essentially, 
we JUSt called around town asking them to come. 
W e wanted a wide variety of environmentalists." 

Some of the organizations, like Greenpeace 
and Earth First, are known for their controversial 
tactics, but they will still be part of the festivities. 
"All of these groups are controversial because 

they are environmental organizations," Rigney 
said. "One hundred years ago, the Sierra C lub was 
a very radical and progressive movement. and 
now they have gotten into the mainstream." 

The Wilderness Club is still recruiting group 
for the Mother Earth Festival. "If a group wants 
to come, they are more than welcome to do so. 
We'll make room for them as long as they notify 
us in advance." 

The event, although open to everyone, is 
aimed at a specific age group. "Our goal," stated 
Rigney, "is to have freshmen and sophomores 
who live on campus, that's who we are targeting 
with our advertising the most, come and talk to 
the people we have invited to find out how they 
can become involved in these issues and to find 
out what they can do. We are trying to highlight 
the positve aspects, that 'Yes, something can 
indeed be done.' All you have to do is go out and 
get involved." 

The Mother Earth Fest initially began as the 
brainchild of Rigney last spring, and the actual 
plans were laid out in the fall once the Wilderness 
Club restarted. The original idea was to throw a 
party, but then the idea of visiting environmental 
groups changed the focus of the event. 

"Initially, the idea was just to have a good 
time. Bur then we figured the Wilderness club 
has a responsibility to try to make it into some-
thing positive for the community," Rigney said. 

"The A.S. allotted us funds. so we were able to 
have this event absolutely free to the public." 
Rigney remarked. "W.:. want to get people to talk 
to these groups, and we didn' t want to exclude 
anyone from getting involved." 

Hiatus Staff Box 
Hiatus Editor 
Patricia Jettie 

Associate Hiatus Editor 
Helena Leng Loh 

Music Editor 
Bryan Dias 

Editorial Assistants 
Lara Heisler Jennifer Yancey 

Senior Staff Writers 
Christina Huizar Nancy Munlner Audrey Lyn Winlerer 

Staff Writers 
Laura Baker Mike Berta Walter R. Bitts 

Scott Casmer Pierre de Gaillande 
Eric Guslafsen 

James Ingman 
Marie Pasternak 

Michael Schwartz 

Melinda Hamilton 
Adam Levy 
Josh Odintz 
Jean Suzuki 

Hiatus is a weekly supplement to thl! UCSD Guardian. Free- lance material is accepted with prior 
editorial approval. 

~I"IfENTION AIJ4 STUDENTS!! 

• New Selection from Tweeds including 100% Silk, Linen and Rayons 
reduced 50%-80% below Catalog Retail Pricesl 

• Sweaters, Jeans, weats, Shorts, Jackets, Tops and Accessories for 
both Men and Women .. 

• Large Selection from Rspril, Vuarnel and LA Gear 
• Thousands of Casual and Career Clothing from FamoLls Department 

Store ' and Specialty tore available at 600(0-90% below Retail! 

Friday & Saturday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m . • Sunday from 12 noon to 5 p.m. 
Go 4 lights east of the 805 
off Miramar Rd. to 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 
Hotline: 450-3323 

2 HIATUS MARCH 8 . 1990 

N 

• 

j1 J cover story 
Surfacing with Success 
Murphy Dives Deep in Live Performance 

Last night at the California 
Theatre, ex- Bauhaus frontman Pe-
ter Murphy proved why he is often 
dubbed the thinnest performer in 
the music business. His puppet-
like antics, like a Jane Fonda on 
speed. entertained the audience 
for over an hour-and-a-half. 

Murphy has long been labeled 
the "father of gothic rock." The 
once jet-black hair now a mass of 

PATRICIA JETTIE 

closely-cropped bleached spikes. 
hiscurrentalhum sports introspec-
tive lYriCS tinged with religious 
themes. [n rea tion tQ his new 
image, the popular press has 
jumped onto the bandwagon. la-
belling him an "Eastern mystic" 
and a "philosopher." 

"They're all not quite right," 
Murphy laughed during a recent 
telephone interview. "TIle 'phi-
losopher' one is the best so far. But 
[the music] is causing interest, and 
any reaction is good." 

Regardless oflus tit le. the enig-
matic Murphy once again proved 
himself to be rock's premiere per-
formance artist. 

cool detachment while crooning 
the enthusiastic crowd into a hyp-
notic state. 

The sense of contrived theat-
rics was overwhelming through-
out the show. The word "improvi-
sational" did not come to mind. 

The show itself leaned more 
towards a theatrical production 
than a mere rock concert. Flucttl-
ating between a simplistic and a 
complex barrageoflight, Murphy's 
show utilized production possibili-
ties to an extreme. 

"[ think you can do more With 
one light on the hand and use that 
hand as a way of telling something. 
rather than spending $5 million 
on loads of lights that say nothing 
but hide the band' inadequacies." 
Murphy sa id. 

The sparse lighting, coupled 
with fog machines, effectively 
accentuated Murphy'. aqualme 
features, commanding charisma, 
and dramatic posturing. 

Repeatedly mimicking the 
album cover's pose , Murphy 
showed himself to be one of the 
most flexible people in the busi-
ness, if not the world. In between 
the herky-jerky shoulder motions 
and multiple pelvic thrusts. he 
often stared intensely off into 
space. 

were almost as aloof as Murphy 
himself. Black was the night'S 
theme, both on-stage and off. 

"There aren't many blondes 
here tonight,"one leather-clad ob-
server notired . "That's a good 
thing. I think." The sense of the 
collective individual. with Murphy 
ruling over his subjects. was over-
whelmmg. 

MUSically, the show could stand 
up totally on itsown. The Hundred 
Men, the quartet who worked on 
Murphy's recent Beggars Banquet 
relea e Deep, proved that they are 
more than just crack studio musi-
cians. Thanks to a good soundman 
and true ta lent, the group added 
that extra bite necessary to 
Murphy's live performance. 

In contrast to the wall of sound 
and simplistic ideas of Bauhaus, 
Murphy's solo career has been a 
constant expansion of his natural 
sense of melody. With Deep, this 
keen sense has been honed with a 
new-found maturity previously 
lacking in Murphy's work . 

Although Murphycan't beclas-

si fied as a traditional musician, the 
album has a sense of lyrical ran-
domness that , juxtaposed against 
the highly textured aural land-
scapes, resu lts in highly powerful 
pieces. 

Perhaps one of the strongest 
cutS offof the album is "Roll Call," 
a catchy combination of throb-
bing drums. simple guitar TIffs, and 
nasal vocals remmiscent of his 
Bauhaus material. Within the 
song. Murphy describes how people 
can easily get caught in socially ac-
cepted patterns: "wake up with a 
preset mind/With no self control! 
and you decided to call the Roll 
Ca ll/of the ocialites who 11).0rti-

See MURPHY, page 8 

From the opening "Cuts You 
Up" to the encore of "Socrates the 
Python ," the black-clad figure 
stalked about the stage. projecting 

The gothic rockers that made 
up the majority of the audience Murphy striking one of many dramatic poses at last night's concert. 

ASSORTED 
LE!!! 
ER BROS., 

IC CD'S ON 
R 1 0.99 

1. OING0 BOINGO "DARK AT THE END""" 
2. MIDNIGHT OIL "BLUE SKY MINING "** 
3. PETER MURPHY "DEEP""" 
4. B-52'S "COSMIC THING""" 
5. DAVID BOWIE "SPACE ODDITY""" 
6. DAVID BOWIE "THE MAN WHO SOLD ... 
7. DAVID BOWIE "HUNKY DORY"\flt 
8. PHIL COLLINS "BUT SERIOUSLY" 
9. DEPECHE MODE "PERSONAL JESUS" 
10. MOR RISSEY "OUIJA BOARD, OUIJA 

3 HIATUS MARCH 8, 1990 0 



Currently showing at Mandeville 

McKay Steals Sculptors' Show 
By James Darlow 

Contributing Writer 

"Then marble, soften'd into life, 
grew wann," wrote author Alex-
ander Pope in the Second Book of 
Horace. 

Of all the sculptors feamred at 
the Mandeville Gallery's exhibit 
entitled "Seven Sculptors," it ap-
pears that only Los Angeles-based 
sculptor Yolande McKay listened 
to Pope's prophetic thought. 

At first glance the sink-like 
sculpmre, "Object ofYivification," 
invites one to read the imple, yet ' 
ominou inscription on the glass 
top: "Subject to Spontaneous 
Combustion." One steps away from 
the sculpture only to realize that 
on one side is a little chamber 
filled with red powder, while on 
the sculpture' other side the title 
of the work is imprinted into the 
cement. 

Not only does McKay's work 
stand out in the gallery, it also 
makes viewers question what ex-
actly is art. At this exhibit, McKay 
uses cement as a base for all of her 
works adding glass, pigment, ox-
ides, and soap-scum to compliment 
the cement's grey color. On top of 
that, the cement is buffed to the 
point where it looks and feels like 
marble. 

Moving from the cement sculp-
tures of Yolande McKay, the viewer 
next encounters the geometric 
sculptures of Carol Hepper. These 
sculptures srand out of the gallery 
wall inviting the viewer to get a 
better feeling for her work. 

Yolande McKay's Object of Vivication, on display at the Mandeville Gal/ery through March 25. 

Hepper, born and raised in 
North Dakota, incorporates pieces 

of wood and steel pipes to create a 
Yin-Yang representation of the 
simple country life and the mod-
em-day complexity in the big city. 

"Cleft" is made up of three sec-
tions of four-inch wall pipe con-

Spring 
Sidewalk 
Sale 

nected by willow branches formed 
ir,W a distorted figu re eight. 
Hepper's other work at the ex-
hibit, "Double Return," also in-
corporates steel pipes and tree 
branches to create a visually ap-

at the University Bookstore 
Great prices on selected sportswear! 

March 19-23 
9 a.m. - 4 p.m. 

Price Center Plaza 

Check out our fantastic selection of 
shorts, t-shirts , sweats, swimwear, 
exercise wear and more! 

Hurry in for best selection! 

UNIVERSITY 

534-READ 
While quantities last. Selected merchandise only. 

4 HIATUS MARCH 8, 1990 

pealing sculpture. 
San Diego artist David 

Engbritson's displays catch the 
viewer's eye as unique and intrigu-
ing. Hanging from the ga llery ceil-
ing are two very interesting sculp-
tures, yet it is "Geocentric Still-
life" that attracts the most atten-
tion. This sculpture illustrates 
Engbritson's ability to work with 
metal, wood, and paint. 

The sculpture resembles a me-
dieval steel torch with a series of 
spikes runn ing down the three foot 
handle. To add to the sl;ulpture, 
Engbritson has pulled the 
sculpture's upper right-hand cor-
ner away from the wall, thus add-
ing more depth to the subject. as if 
it was suspended from the galler{ 
ceiling. 

New York artist Creighton 
Michael works with wood, acrylic, 
fiberglass, graphite, and linen to 
produce some of the more thought 
provoking sculptures at the "Seven 
Sculptors" exh ibit. The five-and-
a-halffoot tall "Draughon" stands 
out simply because it requires a few 
minutes of deep introspection to 
decide how to look at it. 

The sculpture, projecting into 
three different directions, creates 
a sense that life as we know it can 
easily exist in three dimensions no 
matter how different the dimen-
sions may be. 

Los Angeles and New York-
based sculptor Zizi Raymond takes 
objects from the everyday world 
and creates interesting v iews of 
life. Raymond depicts basic ob-
jects such as a small red bench 
("Untitled"), and an old red table 
hanging from the wall and steel 
wool pouring out of an overturned 
bottle. 

These symbols of normality in-
d icate that a Ithough the works may 
appear simple, they are in fact a 
statement about the rigors of eve-
ryday life. Raymond's "Secrets" 
must be experienced from all sides; 
yet it seems to illustrate the frailty 
and dangers of life and how they 
are tied to some of the things in life 
that are more sturdy and depend-
able. 

Montana art ist Michael Peed 
literally makes the viewer take a 
close look at his wood carvings. 
Peed uses the wood to bring forth 
the humor of realtife. This is most 
evident in the sculpture "Garden 
of the Gods" which depic ts a man 
and his daughter out for a drive in 
the Midwe t. The humor comes 

see SCULPTORS, page 6 

Public Art in San Diego 

Bringing Art to the People 
By Christina Huizar 
Senior Staff Writer 

When an artist puts a piece of work out in the 
public view, a certain new element comes into 
play. No longer is the work protected by the four 
freshly painted white walls with the gallery's 
name embossed on the front wind w pane. 

Public art is now subjected to the same wear 
and tear as an old busstop bench. It is thrown out 
into the public where you average human being 
can regard and judge it. Here, public art is not 
reserved tor the pretentious art snob with a ll his 
theori (.S and degrees. 

San Diego, essentially artless for a city of its 
size, will place four works into the public domain. 
"Streetsites," put together by the Sushi Gallery, 
will run through April 7. 

This project will explore the idea of public 
spaces and social interaction with these public 
spaces. In its fifth year, the gallery is generally 
known for its strange an unusual performance 
art. 

"Streetsites" opposes these pre-existing fac-
tors. "Streetsites" came into order last fall when 
Sushi began submitting site-specific proposals of 
public art. A panel selected four pieces which 
were then commissioned by Sushi to make their 
sketches into concrete, free-standing objects. 

The first of the pieces is Larry Dumlao's "San 
Diego Reflecting Pools." The work, which can 
be viewed in the lobby of the San Diego National 
Bank in downtown San Diego on Kettner Blvd, 
addresses the realities of our shallow water re-
serves. 

Providing a poignant and educational visual 
image of the relationships between current/fu-

ture water requirements and actua l water sup-
plies, the process of water evaporation is present 
in the piece. 

A collaboration between three artists, Dan 
W asil, Susan Yamagata, and Todd Stands, en-
titled ":ArTM. :ArTM," is designed to renew 
and reaffirm a basic American right: the right to 
free speech. 

A replica of an ATM machine, this one dis-
penses not money, but copies of the First Amend-
ment and the historical documentation of cen-
sorship. This piece can be viewed at the San 
DiegoCommunityConcourse Plnzaon "c" street. 

Dave Engbritson's "Flock," placed in Pantoja 
Park, examines the symbols of contemporary 
wealth in juxtaposition to those that are more 
archetypal and prehistoric. 

The artist directs the viewer's attention to 
look at the value that is placed on things and 
objects which are inconsequential to our success 
as human beings. 

The last of the "Streetsites" projects is Seyed 
Alavi's piece, "Trompe 1 Oeil Columns." This 
piece is at the Sushi Gallery on Eighth Avenue 
in downtown San Diego. Alavi's work consists of 
16 floor-to-ceiling columns throughout the gal-
lery space, each made of recyclable newspapers. 

In addition, there are architectonic capitals 
and pedestals, creating a visual haiku. Alavi is 
trying to tempt the viewer's conceptual perspec-
tive, to inspire allegorical/symbolic questions 
and references. 

"Streetsites" will be up in their site-specific 
locations through April 7. 

}'s CoMPANY & DANCERS In Concert 
Mandell Weiss Center for the Performing Arts, UCSD 
Thursday, March 15 - Sunday, March 18 8:00 PM 

.t 
l 

" 
"' 
"" " .' (t).,,i, '.' 

'I. ." 
-t ..... .'!. 

. ;;lif~~ ~.;ffl' 
oJ. • 

oJ, 
-4-
,j, 

One figure currently being shown at the Grove. 

IDream Time' Displays 
Aboriginal Art 

By Tiffany Schubert 
Contributing Writer 

Nexttimeyou areatthe Grove, sale with prices ranging from $25 
sneak a look into the Gallery. Your for a wooden lizard to over $500 
eyes will find dots and squiggles for paintings and other pieces. 
painted in bizarre patterns on bark, Within the last five years, the 
and wooden carvings of snakes and international market for the Abo-
men. 

Experience Dream T ime, an 
exhibit of Australian AbOriginal 
art at the Grove Gallery until 
March 17. 

The exhibit consists of con-
temporary Aboriginal dot paint-
ings on canvas and bark, tradi-
tional wooden carvings, and bark 
baskets used by the Aborigine 
tribes of Australia. 

All the items on exhibit are for 

riginal art h as increased from 
$300,000 to $3 million. 

While the contemporary Abo-
riginal artists work with modern 
brushes and paints, the art pieces 
embody aspects of the ancient 
Aboriginal culture and traditions. 

The dot paintings, which con-
sist of earthy yellows, browns, and 
oranges contrasted with black 
reptil ian figures, emit an ephem-

see ABORIGINE, page 6 

; :----- ~. -. . . .. . . 

I ~ authentic IJdIn ~ In e. tellKing IIld eIeaant. )« WormII .-mo!phere T 
: and •• llIIt" line dIring overlooWng ihe La Jolt COIle, 
t 'Winnel! Southen 0IIMbmJa Restauranr WrIters A5!odMIon Award.' 
I "fKc:ellent food and seruic;e" 
f Ramola Mahajani 

Corporate M8niger, Taj Group of Hotels, Bornbe'i, India 
Specializing In Tandoori & vegetarian dishes, 

mild to hot spky curries & delicious Biryanies. 

Open 7 Days 
Lunch: 1130-2:30 
Dinner: 5:00- 9:30 

71.rhoJa 
CUISINE OF INOlA 

Reservations 454·6263 
/'I\oderate Price . All major credit 

cards are accepted. 

j 

, 

i 

! 
I Premieres by 

Jean Isaac~ Nancy McCaleb. Betzi Roe 
made possible through the generous support of 

THE JEWELS OF CHARITY FOUNDATION 

8008 Girard Avenue, La Jolla 
(2nd ftaar comer of lower Girard and PlOIIPfJCt St.) 1 

Ticket 
Prices: 
Charge It! 
Information: 

$15 General 
$ 9 Student/Senior/3's Co. & SDADA Members 
283-SEAT Til ESt:' AlTA .. 
296 9523 IdbCJt ~ ... 

- ALL OUTLETS 

'; I ~ ------------... ,...--------_ ........... _--., 1 I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

20% OFF 
for all UCSD Students, l 

.!:~:F~r. =:n~t:!:ys : 
Please present coupon when ordering. I 

BUFFET LUNCH 
All You Can Eat 
Every day $6.95 

Diocounl doe. not apply 10 Buff.t. J L ___________ ........ ____ ___ _______ .. 

5 HIATUS MARCH 8. 1990 



UCSD Hosts Symposium 
By Michael Schwartz 

taff Writer 
Tackling an immen ely com-

plicated i ue, the UCSD Theater 
Department recently hosted asym-
posium entitled "The Classic in 
Contemporary Theatre." 

Arrended by hundreds of ac-
claimed theater artist and schol-
ar , the conference featured a 
number of different panels. The 
meeting wa designed to addre •• 
problem faced by theaters today 
m producing cla sical works. 

It has been said that the first 
step to fmdmg a solution is identi-
fying the problem. While no i ue 
were tied into tidy little solutions, 
rhe obstacles of Widespread pro-
duction were clearly defined. 

Complaints by those in :men-
dance ranged from a lack of g v-
ernment subSidies necessary for 
theaters to tay Out of the red, to 

the definition of what is a "clas-
sic." 

T he center of the three-day 
event was the keynote address by 
Jonathan Miller, a respected ac-
tor, director, and phy ician. ln his 
speech, "Survival of the Fittest," 
Dr. Miller grappled with th e issue 
of what makes a playa classic, and 
how it should be pre en ted. 

"I don't think anyone in the 
18th century had a clear cut view 
ofa work la tmg beyond their life-
time," Mtller said. 

In defense of hiS productions 
that drew critiCism for bemg un-
faithful to the originals despite 
mellculou research, Miller said, 
"We look at statues With the arms 
knocked off and we chensh their 
mutilated form. If someone were 
to reattach the arms the way it was 

Move into a new decade 
with 

R.E.M. 
THE 8-52's 
THE CURE 

AND MANY MORE! 

An all new laser 
show! 

UCSD FITNESS 
S-PECIAL 

AND ONLY $20 PER MONTH 
on 0 monthly basis 

STAIRMASTER 
LIFE CYCLES 
CHILD CARE 

AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS· HOIST 

FREE WEIGHTS 
U~KROWDED 3 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

BEING·FIT ® 
3968 Cloiremont Mesa Blvd. 

Claoremont Square ShoppIng Center near Lee Ward. Behind famous footwear 

483· 9294 
Abo on SDSU area 698·1702. Present thi. ad and 10 . 

created, it would be vie wed a 
vandalism." 

Implyin g thar t hese same 
warped standards apply to the 
theater, Miller also defended large 
changes from the original works. 
"It is impossible to determine the 
in tentions of the author from 
examining only the text," Miller 
explained. "The autho r is not 
always the best authority as to these 
inten tion ." 

Miller's best moment came 
when, usi ng an analogy of history 
as a city, he referred to the present 
as "a sleazy sh opping mall- uburb 
of history" and moments later re-
ferred to critics as "small inverte-
brate parasites." 

The central problem of "what is 
a classic" was never resolved. In 
opposition to equating "classics" 
with Shakespearean work, propos-
als were brought forth to include 
everything from Euripides and So-
phocles ro Ibsen and Chekhov. 

Although no definite conelu-

A rather unconventional sug-
gestion was the modernizing of the 
language of many texts. After all, 
it was reasoned, why are we using 
translations from ancient lan-
guage into 19th century British , 
when we could be using version 

in the language we currently speak? 
In his address, Millcr sa id , "We 

have inherited works that have 
lasted long past each au thor's life. 
Time is so different now, there is a 
question of whether we should 
bring them alive again." 

ions were reached, the sympo-
Sium gave many people the oppor-
tUOlty to express their views on a 
wide variety of topical i ues. 

Jenni 
Director Jonathan Miller shared his thoughts on theater. 

• SO l\\ 
c.y\S\S ,1\ "a\& 

,\\& ~1\ "f March 8th 
5:00 p.m. 

ConI. Rm. 171 
Cognitive Science Bldg. 

For more information, please call the 
Third College Dean's Office at 534·4390 

~urDeamon. ~urChoke 
• Free Pregna ncy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnanev Te!>t 
• Immedlat 

Te~t Results 
• PregnanC) 

rermination 
• G neral or Local 

Anesthe'i13 
• Affordable 

Birthontrol 
• Student Discount 

771e College Line 
535-1379 

r;;r;r;y ,I' la.II.jJ fl CllOlce 
ftlll"~1/ PlllfIl11itg 

AJsocintes 
Vet/lenl Crollp 

6 HIATUS MARCH 8, 1990 . 

Sculptors 
continued from page 4 
through in the little girl's glasses 
which Peed has painred with candy 
cane stripes. 

UCSD graduate Wade Saun-
ders' bronze work is based on one 
simple idea: marine life. The 
bronze on these small sculptures 
appears to have been allowed to 
age, thus giving it an ancient, frag-
ile appearance. 

Most of these 15 small sculp-
tures appear as if they had been 
excavated from an archaeological 
site on the sea floor, while some of 
the other sculptures appear a bit 
more terrestrial; ranging from a 
small wheel rim and bowls to what 
appear to be elaborate ashtrays. 

"Seven Sculptors," which runs 
through March 25 at the Man-
deville Gallery, is an excellent 
exhibit of some of America 's can· 
temporary sculptors. 

It appears, at least from this ex-
hibit , that the dullness of cold 
marble is over, andthatthewarmth 
of more pl iable media is becoming 
a stepping stone for the artists of 
the '90s. 

Aborigine 
continued from page 5 
era I mystery. 

T he Aborigine "dream," the re-
lat ionsh ip to nature and the e • 
sence of the Aborigine culture, 
culminates in the art with titles 
such as "Honey A ny Dreaming," 
"Lizard ," and "Bark Painting." 

The wood carvings of hzards, 
birds, and funeral totem poles 
represent the myste ri es of the 
Aborigine culture. 

This exhibit deviates from the 
generic art exh ibit. The art main -
tains the cultural identity, and is 
reminiscent of a more simplistic 
era in history. 

Conven ienrly located, t he 
exhibi t proVides a d ifferent per-
spective to those not familiar with 
non-W estern art. 

It is a pleasant way to spend IS 
minutes after a caffeine fix at the 
Grove. 

Potstickers on Prosp.!!.ct ..• 

Chinese Food, La Jolla Style 
George E. Wong is a new addi-

tion to the diverse La Jolla restau-
rantrow. Located next to the Hard 
Rock Cafe on the comer of Pros-
pect and Fay, George E. Wong is 
the ideal spot to take the parents 
to lunch on the patio overlooking 
downtown La Jolla, or to have a 
pleasant evening for two that will 
not deplete your financial sources. 

Dim sum may conjure images of 
appetizers being pushed around in 
carts. Not so at George E. Wong. 
All items on the menu are freshly 
made to order, and no MSG 
(monosodium glutamate) is used 
in the preparation of the food. 

You may have to wait a few 
minutes longer for some items on 
the menu, but the food IS worth 
the time. 

The house specialties inelude 
Chinese chicken salad, cilamro-
laced Szechuan dumplings, and 
potato won tons which a re 
George's potato-filled variatiun of 
the traditional won ton. 

The menu has a selection of 
soups and salads that are served in 
generous proportions, as well as a 
variety cf dim sum. 

The menu offers a variety of 
fried I ice and chow mein dishes 
seasoned with soy and other spices 

By Tiffany Schubart 
Contributing Writer 

The roasted meats and house 
specialties are pleasant deviations 
from the C hinese norm of stir fry 
and white rice. The Szechuan 
chicken breast is asurprisinglyspicy 
twist on the American staple. 

The dim sum itans are either 
fried like traditional ege rolls or 
pot sticker style. DiJerent sauces 
accompany dim sum, raneing from 
hot mustard and Vietnamese red 
sauce to dUCK sauce, a sweet and 
sour dipping sauce. 

Overall, the menu offers some-
thing for everyone, of all different 
preferences. Every item on the 
menu is a delicious'difference from 
traditional Chinese. 

Forthosedinersover21,George 
E. Wong has a quality wine list 
with many wines offered by the 
glass as well as bottles. The selec-
tion of beer is reasonably priced, 
and has a variety of brands. Miller, 
Heineken, and Corona are offered 
as well as T sing Tao, Sapporo, and 
Kirin . 

Of course sake can also be 
purchased by the shot or the glass. 
A full bar will soon be incorpo-
rated in the restaurant for those 
diners who prefer mixed drinks 
with their meal. 

The atmosphere of George E. 
Wong could be described as "fun." 

see WONG'S, page 8 

all at reasonable prices. A look inside George E. Wong 's .... 

lUWB\ R{~UR\1S \ ~\\1l\1 
TEXAS TECHNO-FREAKS STRIKE BACK ... 

11.99 
CASSETIE 

6.99 
" ... WATCHTOWER could be the next Rush !" 

- Metal Hammer 

OPEN 9AM TO MtDNIGHT · 365 DAYS A YEAR 

EL CAJON I SPORTS ARENA I 
796 Fletcher Parlcwav 360t Sports Arena Blyd. 

across from Parlcway Plaza VIDEO 
OP.H 10 AM TO 10 P M 3393 Kemper St 

,~ MUSIC VIDEOS ~""~"'JIi7lII"'" VIIlEO SAlES & RENTALS! 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 Et Cajon Blyd. 

nell to Art 51. Post Off. 

-.-=-.. -

7 HIATUS MARCH R 1 QQ() 

r ~ 

They Might Be Successful 
Musically, They Might Be 

Giants have been described as 
everything from cowpunk to 
artrock. 

They may bedifficult tocate-
gorize, but everyone agrees that 
their whimsical brand of upbeat 
music is one that leaves listen-
ers with smiles on their faces. 

They Might Be Giants, 
which consis ts of John 
Flansburgh (guitar, vocals) and 
John Linnel (accordian, vocals), 
began in the mid -80s in 
Brooklyn. 

They have had two indepen. 
dant label releases, but their lat-
est release on Elektra, Flood, has 
established them in the major 
leagues without compromising 
the unique style that made them 
popular on the underground 
scene. 

\.. 

Flansburgh and Linnel had 
been friends in high school, but 
didn't Start the band until later. 
They released their first cassette 
on their own, which caught the 
attention of the recently formed 
Bar/None Records indie label. 

After their debut, the duo 
shot their low budget videos 
"Puppet Head" and "Don't Let's 
Start," a video which MTVlater 
put into strong rotation. 

What has received even more 
praise than their music is their 
stage show. 

Exuberant and improvisa: 
tional are two adjectives that 
have been used to describe their 
show, but it is something that 
cannot be described. 

They Might Be Giant> will 
be playing at Mandeville Audi· 
torium on Sunday, Aprill. 

We a[ HlA TUS are JUSt chock full o'goodies for our readers. This week, 
we've got 2 pairs of tickets to the They Migh[ Be Giants concert at 
Mandeville on April I. lr should be a fantastic show, and it'd be even 
more fantastic if the tickets were free, so JUSt answer the questions (little 
hint-the answers are in the above ar[icle) , and return it to the Guardian 
office, c/o H1ATUS. Entries are due no later than 3/14 at noon. 
l) What label was the group on before Elektra ? ____ _ 
2) Where does the band originate from ? _______ _ 
3) Which of their videos went heavy-rotation on MTV? 

4) What are two adjectives used to describe the band ? 
Name: ______ _____________ _ 

Phone#: --------------------L ___________________ ~ 

-



", __ AUTOPORT MAll MIRAMAR __ 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
r 
I 
I 
I 
• I 
I 
I 

roM~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \lIN and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--- --------------------

'Must present coupon ond valid UCSD ID at time of estimate 
Not valid with major engine or transmission repairs. 
-~ I CALL CALIFORNIA 
,i . 450-9494 1 H~~ 

av' r if U I ,<f 

-If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

-----

Was $1040 
NOW $960 

COLLEGE 
~e be a lJiI \ 

(,0 I't of HiS\ot~ 
Apply for a Resident Advisor position 

and help us celebrate our 20th Anniversary! 
Extended Application Deadline: 

March 23rd . 
12:00 p.m. 

Was $2146 
NOW $1895 
(Includes 20MB 
hard drive) 

Announcing new lower prices on the Macintosh SE 
and Macintosh Plus. 

If voua like to enhance your education 
and yo~r budget, take note. We just lowered 
prices on two powerful member of our 
;\lacintosh~ famih; th MacInto h SE and 
th Macintosh PI~s. 

Th ) 'II put a world of polhilille at 
your fing rti~. Like graphing the economic 
impact of Japanese expan iOlllsm Analyz-
ing Freud. Or just organizing that tack of 
not . Better vet, once \ou \:e mastered on 
appl icatlon you can u ' them all , because 

all Macintosh oftware works the am way. 
And ince even Macintosh runs th arne 

sohwal\~ and is expandable, it can grow 
with you as your need., change. 

Con Idenng all tIllS, you hould have 
no douhL'i ah ut which course to take Give 
a ~lacll1to h a try. and ,;ave. 

• The power to be your beS[ 

;;; ~T4 i.a.'OJt~. 
Computer Center 534-4291 

. 8 HIATUS MARCH 8, 1990 -

Murphy 
Continued from pag 
fiedj an't sec as far a their next 
urprise." 

Like a much of his work , 
Murphy' lyric tend to be vague 
rather than po se sing a pccific 
me ag . By allowing the mu ic to 
be created "through [mysel~, it 
comes naturally," he aid. 

"Once YOll become cons ious 
and tart to stylize it , YOll lose 
something in the proces ." 

With Deep, Murphy tried to 
a hieve a sen e of letting the un-
expected be di covered. By draw-
ing on b th hi and the quartet's 
"performanc potential," Murphy 
would mentally decide how a song 
should ound before approaching 
the musician . 

"Unorthodoxy is really my rule," 
Murphy explained, "because it 
leads you in a certain direction. 
And some very interesting things 
come out of experimentation, 
which probably would not if I was 
too musically trained." 

Although Murphy and hi band 
have proved themselves apt per-
formers, this was not a concert to 
see at an ou tdoor venue on a sunny 
afternoon. The dark theater's 
gloomy atmosphere, coupled with 
Murphy's studied charisma, were 
the crucial elements that made 
the live show so powerful. 

Wong's 
Continued from page 6 

experience is made complete with 
jazz music for ambience and 
counter seating for those who wi h 
to watch the cook do their thing. 

The two owner of the restau-
rant, George a:ld Joseph , are al-
way greeting their diner , and 
paying special attention to anyone 
who enters the door. TI1e special 
treatment completes the evening. 

The constant fear of dining in 
La Jolla is the ultimate cost of the 
evening. George E. Wong may be 
the most reasonably-priced restau-
rant in the area. 

The most expen ive item on 
the menu i the dim urn combina-
tion for $ 7 .95. This i a choice of3 
different items on the menu and 
guarantees leftovers to take home. 
The average price for a dinner for 

·two is $12-$18 (not including 
alcohol) . 

For a different dining experi-
ence that will be fun as well as 
economical, George E. Wong is a 
good choice. 

Editors' Note- Several members 
of the Guardian staff who were not 
reviewing the restaurant complained 
that when they ate at George E. 
Wong's the service was slow to non-
existent. 

HIATUS Ponders ... 
I) Why don't the glasses at 

Cafe Roma have handle? Do 
they want us to scald our hands 
and ~pdl everywhere? 

2) Why do the women'~bath ­
rooms at the Student Center 
have condom dispenser but 
none (or tampon? Where do 
our prioritie lie? 

3) Why, when water is arce, 
does the administrati n devote 
a much water to the concrete as 
theyd the lawn ? They're doing 
a good job-c ncrete eems to 
be pr uting up around campus 
more than anything else. 


