
The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 69, #18 MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1990 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
Students hold signs aloft both supporting and protesting the views of speakers at 
Friday's Pro-Choice Forum at Revelle Plaza. Senator Lucy Killea spoke at the event. 

State Senator Speaks 
Pro-Choice Forum Held 
By BEN BOYCHUK, Senior Staff Writer 

A Pro-Choice Forum, featuring speeches by local pro-choice advocates 
including State Senator Lucy Killea, was held last Friday at Revelle Plaza. The 
forum was sponsored by UCSD's Students For Pro-Choice. 

Hundreds of students were in atten-
dance to hear several speakers call for 
continued promotion of the pro-choice 
movement. In addition, several students 
attended the forum to prote t the views 
of the speakers. 

Forum Organizer Christy McGrath 
began the event by explaining the phi-
losophy of Students For Pro-Choice. 

"We are students who support a 
woman's right to choose ... we don 't 
necessarily condone abortion. We sup-
port the woman's basic freedom: the 
right to choose," McGrath said. 

"We hope this forum will be able to 
educate you," she added. 

A.S. Support 
Deemed Not 
Constitutional 
By BEN BOYCHUK 
Senior Staff Writer 

Despite the A.S. Judicial 
Board's ruling Wednesday that 
A.S. funding of the "Pro-Choice 

UC Policy Limits CalPIRG Funds 
Rena Burkhaite of Womancare, a 

women's clinic in San Diego, spoke 
about the tactics of "Anti-Choice" pro-

Forum" was unconstitutional , 
the forum proceeded Friday as 
previously scheduled, disre-
garding the Board' recommen-
dation to postpone the event 
until the matter could be com-

testers, and the necessity of pro-choice pletely resolved. 
By CHRIS STEINS 
StaffWriler 

UC Pre ident David Gard-
ner moved recently to discon-
tinue use of the "negative check-
off fee," a system in which a 
voluntary donation to an organi-
zation appears as part of each 
student's fee bill. 

Four campuses, UCLA, 
UCSB, UCSC, and UCB, cur-
rently use this system to support 
the California Public Interest 
Research Group (CalPIRG), a 
consumer and environmental 
advocacy organization. 

The negati ve check -off fee is 
a mechanism students can use to 
make a donation to an organiza-
tion. If students choose not to 
pay the fee, they Can check the 
appropriate box on the tuition 
fee bill and deduct the fee from 
the amount paid to the Univer-
sity. 

The University of California 
Student Association (UCSA) 
protested Gardner's move as a 
major policy change which 
would seriously threaten stu-
dents' rights to fund their own 
organizations, according to a 
statement issued by the UCSA. 

Every four years, the student 
body on campuses affected by 
the check-off fee vote on 
whether or not to continue the 
system. 

According to Dale Bankhead, 
executive director of UCSA, 
studenls in recent years have 
voted in large majorities to re-
tain Ihis mechanism for funding 
CaIPIRG. 

According to Bankhead, the 
issue goes beyond the negative 

Inside ... 
• OPINION ........... .4 
.FEATURES ...... 10 
.SPORTS ........... 24 

check-off fee, as it concerns the 
protection of student rights "to 
assess themselves and their own 
fees. Student have voted to use 
this system ... and students en-
dorse it,"Bankhead said. 

Bankhead, however, felt that 
"the three sentences on the ballot 
describing the negative check-
off fee are extremely specific ... 
[Students] vote to support an 
organization funded by a $3 per 
quarter negative check-off fee." 

supporters to continue their efforts to .... The JUdicia'l Board an-

Susie Castillo-Robson, act-
ing director of Student Affairs 
and Services in the Office of the 
President, suggested that the 
students vote to detennine the 
amount of the fee themselves, 
rather than vote for the negative 
check-off system. 

"1n reality, students vote 
whether or not they want the 
voluntary fee assessment. How 
the fee is assessed remains an 
administrative matter ... the ad-
ministration decides how that 
fee is to be collected," Castillo-
Robson said. 

The chancellor at each UC 
campus has the option to refuse 
the use of the negative check-off 
ystem. Such was the case at 

UCSD about five years ago. 
According to Randy Woo-

dard, the UCSD director of stu-
dent government, the committee 
that examined the negative check-
off system felt that it was "a dis-
honest way" to collect funds, es-
pecially in light of CalPIRG's 
position stressing "fairness and 
consumer advocacy." 

See FUNDS, page 8 

keep abortion legal. She recalled the 
progress of the pro-choice movement 
over the last year, and said that the fight 
to keep abortion legal has made great 
strides. 

"The legal system is working for 
us," Burkhaite said, citing the series of 
injunctions against the number of pro-
te ters in front of clinics, and the finan-
cial collapse of Operation Rescue. 

"Every poIl shows Americans are 
pro-choice and are ... tired of [Opera-
tion] Rescue and their tactics," she said. 

"But the war is not yet won, and we 
have a long way to go before the war is 
over," Burkhaite added, tressing the 
need for birth control research, sex 
education, and free health care for all 
Americans. 

Keynote speaker State Senator Lucy 
See FORUM, page 9 

Former Nixon Aide Speaks On 
Political Climate In Middle East 
By DEBBIE ROSENTHAL 
GU(Jrdian Reporter 

Speaking before an assembly of about 40 
students Tuesday night, John Rothmann, a fonner 
foreign policy consultant to President Richard 
Nixon, discw~sed his views on the present state of 
events in the Middle East and the conflict sur-
rounding the nation of Israel. 

Rothmann's hour-and-a-half lecture was spon-
sored by the Union of Jewish Students and the 
Israeli Action Committee. 

Rothmann outlined three levels of conflict 
which he views as responsible for the state of po-
litical discord in the Middle East: the clash 
between the world's superpowers, the conflict be-
tween Israel and the surrounding Arab nations, 

and the political and religious struggle between 
Israel and Palestine. He also mentioned the 
uprising of Islamic fundamentalism within the 
nation of Israel as an additional threat to the 
stability of the Israeli government. 

Rothmann asserted that because of attrib· 
utes unique to Israel, such as its geographical 
placement as a bridge between three continents 
and its economic value due to its access to oil, 
the world's leading powers will always have 
an interest in Israel's state of affairs. 

Rothmann defined "America's commitment 
to Israel" as Israel's right to be a nation and to 
protect our allegiance with that nation. He 
added that on the whole, "Bush is supportive" 
of the Israeli government. 

See CLIMATE, page 3 

nounced at Wednesday's A.S. 
meeting that the A.S. allocation 
of $739 for the Pro-Choice Fo-
rum, sponsored by UCSD's 
Students For Pro-Choice, was 
unconstitutional according to 
A.S. bylaws. 

According to Judicial Board 
Chair Evan Kirvin, the Judicial 
Board met Thursday night in an 
emergency session to attempt 
to resolve the matter. Kirvin 
said the meeting held Thursday 
was very long, and the Board 
was unable to come to a com-
promise. 

The Judicial Board initially 
deemed funding of the Pro-
Choice Forum unconstitutional 
because "it was clearly an overt 
political event," Kirvin said. 

"We asked them to postpone 
until we could hold a special 
session to hear all sides of the 
matter," Kirvin said. 

Organizer of the Pro-Choice 
Forum Christy McGrath said, 
"We don't care what the Judi-
cial Board has to say. We dido't 
go to the meeting [Thursday] 
night." 

' ''The Judicial Board went 
about this aU wrong. They dido 't 
follow proper procedure; no 
grievances were ever filed 
against us," McGrath said. 

"Our A.S. advisor, Randy 
Woodard, told us to basically 
disregard everything the Judi-
cial Board said," McGrath 
added. 

Advisor Randy Woodard 
denied ever telling McGrath or 
anyone in Students For Pro-

. 

See SUPPORT, page 9 

OPINION FEATURES SPORTS 
Seeking Freedom 
In Nicaragua 4 

English As A 
Second Language 7 0 

Baseball Evens 
Record At .500 24 



UCNEWS 
UCR Graduate Students Face 
Mandatory Health Insurance Policy 

uc RIVERSIDE- A referendum slated for early 
March will decide the fate of a mandatory health insur-
ance policy for UCR' s graduate students- but graduate 
student leaders are keptical about the long-range impact 
of the plan. 

If approved, graduate students will pay an additional 
$420 to $450 in fees for health insurance. 

However, teaching assistants, research assistants, other 
university student employees, and financial aid recipi-
ent will have the fee waived. In effect. these students 
will enjoy the insurance coverage without paying for it. 
Fund made available by systemwide sources will subsi-
dize these students. 

The referendum vote will take place March 7 through 
14. 

"The more I talk to individual departments, the more 
I think that it will probably pass." Aaron Walden. Gradu-
ate Student Association president external, said. 

While supponive of the initiative, Walden said he 
wants to "deal with the questions of what happens to 
these people [who don't have their fees waived.)" 

According to sources close to the is ue, up to 200 
students may not be subsidized by the University and 
will have to pay an additional fee. 

"That's been a point of real discussion . .. there are 
ceJ1ain people who will be affected by this who may not 
be able to afford it; I'm concemed about them." Walden 
said. 

UCB Gets $1 Million Gift From 
Benefactor With Questionable Past 

uc BERKELEY - UCB officials recently celebrated 
a $1 million endowment from a foundation run by 
Ryoichi Sasakawa. a 90-year-old former Japanese fas-
ci t reputed to have ties with the yakuza. Japan's mafia. 

A banquet feast of caviar, wine, and baked salmon 
was thrown Feb. 9 arthe Alumni House in honorofYohei 
Sasakawa, 50, who came to represent his elderly father. 

The campus's acceptance of the money. which will 

Calvin and Hobbes 

MoMMM.' I 
HEEO A ~'N\(. Of 

~TER! 

(JJ.. IlOBat'S. 
TOSS uP '!\lIS 
OCCK Of C~~\)S . 
AAD ill \>l\lG ~:"7--v--
1\\£ "'ex. Of 

~"O£S : 

WHAT ?' 'fl \\~ 
SW)\JLD I 

G\IIE '1<:tJ "'~ 
It'ION£~ ~I 

endow the Ryoichi Sasakawa Young Leaders Fellow-
ship Fund, is justifiable because it will be used to suppon 
graduate busines school students, according to gradu-
ate divis ion Provost Joseph Cerny and other Berkeley 
offictals. 

"Since this money comes with no restrictions ... it 
was accepted. There just hasn' t been enough suppoJ1 for 
graduate school students." Cerny said. 

Other groups that have accepted Sasakawa-backed 
funds include Stanford, Harvard, Duke, and Oxford 
Universities, as well as the United Nations and the 
Jimmy Carter Presidential Library. 

Sasakawa is known to be one of the most powerful 
men in Japan. and critics there have charged thatthrough 
his operation of a motorboat-racing gambling syndicate, 
he has close ties to Japan's organized crime network. 

"Godfather Sasakawa." as he is known in Japan. has 
a controversial past : before World War IT. he ran a 
private fascist army of 15.000, and during the Allied 
Occupation he was arrested but never tried for war 
crime. according to a repoJ1 in the UCB Daily Califor-
nian. 

While in prison- according to an authorized biogra-
phy- Sasaka wa chose to work for world peace through 
philanthropy. 

But critics charge that the fascist-turned-philanthro-
pist is simply trying to buy his way to the coveted Nobel 
Peace Prize. 

(~UCSDNEWSJ 
Assistant Vice Ctiancellor Tucker 
Will Begin Leave Of Absence Today 

Assistant Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs 
Tom Tucker will begin a four-month leave of absence 
for medical reasons today. 

A.W. Russ, associate vice chancellor of undergradu-
ate affairs, will take over Tucker's responsibilities, in-
cluding management of the International Center, univer-
sity events, and coordination of student organizations 
and student government. 

Tucker plans to return in mid-July to resume his 
duties. 

\i£\/£. II ~ ! 
W~ ! SIX 
ClU,N IlOl£5 
1\\ROJG\\ 
l'.\£ f!..CE / 

PRtm GOOO. 
HU\\ > 'N*', TO 
KNOW ~'" r 
1)10 Ii' r 
USLO A ~l£. 
NtI(\\(~ ~I-\E~ 

O~ il""£ ' 

by Bill Watterson 

illS ",om Ie; 
"GW\;' B£~ II \\UR~ ." 

-

"I look forward to coming back. I'll miss the day-to-
day interaction with students." Tucker said. 

-Melinda Hamilton 

Medical Center Surgeons Perform 
Their First Heart Transplant 

Surgeons at the UCSD Medical Center tran planted a 
heart into a 25-year-old man Sunday, Feb. 25 . Stuart , 
Jamieson performed the surgery, the first such operation 
to take place \Inder the Medical Center's recently estab-
lished heart-lung transplant program. 

The recipient of the heart is Gary Troxel, a construc-
tion worker who developed idiopathic cardiomyopathy. 
which leads ultimately to heaJ1 failure, in November 
1988. 

Jamieson, director of the hem-lung transplant team at 
the Medical Center, said the three-hour surgery went 
smoothly and the patient is recovering in the surgical 
intensive care unit. 

Asthmatics Sought For New Study 
The Pulmonary Research Lab at UCSD Medical 

Center is seeking asthma patients to participate in three 
different drug studies to treat the cond ition. The length of 
each study ranges from three months to one year, and 
each requires several visits to the center. 

Patients wi th steroid dependent asthma. as well as 
those who use medication only for relief of asthma 
symptoms when they occur, are needed. Each patienr 
accepted for the studies will receive a comprehensive 
asthma evaluation. a complete physical, and free asthma 
medication. Participants also will be reimbursed for their 
time. 

For information on these studies, call the Pulmonary 
Research Lab at 294-3787. 

UCSD Extension To Present Next 
' Great Decisions' Series Program 

UCS D Extension will present another program in its 
"Great Decisions" series on Thursday. The program, 
"Citizen Involvement in Foreign Policy," will feature 
two speakers; Richard Matheron, a retired ambassador. 
and MarilYIlFowlder, the executive director of the World 
Affairs Council of San Diego. Call 534-3400 for more 
informlltion. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason Snell, AssociDJe News Editor 

Gufi.)IAN 
PHIl GRUEN, Edhor In Ct*I 
ROBIN MAC LEAN, '*"-tJItt(J EdIIor 
ANTON BIT1NER, ,... Editor 
BEN 8OYCHUK, A..-.. 0pItII0II EdIttw 
DAVID BUAKHAAT, 0pIrIItm Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, ...,. EtIIIrw 
.IAIIE8 COLLER, ,..".. EdItor 
CA ......... DIUE,_&/Itor 
BRYAN DIAS. ... EcIIIIr 
RANDY D01INGA, aw IEIIIIfII 
DOREEN EIEIEA, ".a _,..... EdIIoI 
PATRICIA .IET1IE, ,..,. EfIItw 
GAL.IOHH8OH, Au D I I f PfJOto EfIItor 
PE1ER KO. A ......... EtIIIoI' 
H&LEItA LENQ LON, ".ull .. ",.",. Editor 
JEFFQUAN, ~ ... 
.IIoION INELL, A ........ EdIftW 
MIAS UZGIIW, PfJOtoEf/lfOr 
........ WIIn: MIJN AIIIro1In, ..., 1liiy H8InI. QIIIIna IUI.-. MIn 
_, NIn:y ....... 8ItI &Iller.,.., Lrn ..... 1IMI w,n. 
......... . .IaIwIMnIIiII.LuaBllr.ll .... BIIII, W_.Eric". t. 
IIMdd, c,.- ClIfI1IbII, Scale... Eric ~ ..... HImIIDn ..... 
...... AllIIn 1.Ivy. OM LnfIRnt. .-.u., JoIII Odhr. DIMd PotIr:N. 
............. Tam fImM. ".." RollIn, MIG IIoda, uar ~ 
SlhillSINIt, .... SdIwIrtr. Douolhdlll, IiIdISp/IIIIIr. a.--._ 
SUM!. f(NI ...... NIoaIl WNIIIIIId. JtI V-oucH 
PIIDli." ... . 1IchIII AnI!, Oleo an.. JIM "*Y. CaIy LiIIIcIin. FtWIk 
lin, MIn MontI, ........... JaM Odl, o..yt Vee, FtIIaz.noa 
-""""':fI8oCGlpw, T .. Fu.-Hi, Clmu. ..... MIrI:Ito. KItr Roe, T~ T., 
lWI*!My IIIIiIIn:h, l<1li ........... FawI,.Im,... 
c.p, ...... HIlly r.c.p.. o..g 1UIMIr. MI 1'1-. ..... Spi1gIr 
f'IIIIIIDIIII: Ora au. ............. CI!III "-..... YIIIIIgUI:III 
.,...~8ItI..."IIMIw,n. 
............ : LnHIIIW • ......., YIIW/ 

1108 DlANOREA. .11.' .... ",.,.,., 
IICHAEL FOULKS, AIM,.."........, 
MICE IIAR1.-z. ......... ~ 
Eo LEIGH tENRY. a..ad ....-".".. 
AIMItfIIIIg .... ~ IIItarQII, a.tt"-
ar.MIIr.JaM Dno . .IaI1M. FOIIII OIM. EIjIII P .... 
l7IflJCSD~ .............. "~CUtng ............. II¥" 
tar ....... "'UC8\I ....... ",. ..... ft .............. "' ..... . 
"' ................ ...,...-.4)1110 ...... _ 
l7IfllOlOa..It .......... tar .. _ct ....... -..1II. lilt 
.... ...--il~" .......... _i .... loodo .. -'r_ 
......... ct1llt1JCSD~ .. ~oICIItarnI ... --..SII-
.... ctUC&O. 

EdlcIoriaI: 53t-651O 1Iaciocn, 534-3466 JIu: 534-1691 
UCSD Guardian, B-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Mond ay, March 5, 1990 T he UCSD Guard ian 

CLIMATE: Former Presidential Aide 
Rothmann Discusses Israeli Situation 
Continued from page 1 

With respect to the Soviet Un-
ion , Rothmann praised 
Gorbachev's major advancements 
in establishing diplomatic relations 
with Israel. He offered two events 
in the past year as examples: the 
permiss ion granted to one million 
Soviet Jews to emigrate to Israel 
and the signing of a trade agree-
ment for the 

rael," Rothmann seemed less opti -
mistic about the role of Jordan in 
invoking peace among Israel and 
the Arab nations. 

Referring to Syria. Rothmann 
called the state of affairs "cold 
war," alleging that although Syria 
is the best equipped Arab faction 
in the Middle East, it is not pre-
pared to wage war on Israel be-

Rothmann also expressed opti-
mism regarding the decreasing 
level of conflict between Israel and 
its surrounding Arab nations. 

Rothmann added that he 
strongly believed in the accuracy 
of recent rulJlOfS which suggest 
that within the last 30 days the Is-
raeli and Syrian governments have 
been involved in informal discus-

sions " to 
export of 
$3 0million 
wonh of agri-
cultural prod-
ucts from Is-
rael to the 
Soviet Union. 

'[Israelis] want a solution , They don't 
want their children to go through what 
they went through. ' 

de -esca-
lat e the 
rhetoric of 
the cold 
war" be-
tween the 

lnexplain-
iog the politi -
cal relations 

-John Rothmann two coun-tries. 

between Israel and surrounding 
countries, Rothma.m used the 
words "cold peace" to describe the 
simation between Egypt and Is-
rael, referring to the formal treaty 
signed on March 26, 1979. He then 
spoke about "defacto peace" in 
reference toJordon's government. 
defining this term further by alleg-
ing that the two nations can neither 
wage active war nor active peace 
because of an unwillingness on the 
paJ1 of the Jordan government to 
become involved with the plight of 
the Palestinians. Although the king 
of Jordan "does not allow terrorist 
activity across his border into Is-

cause fifty thousand of its troops 
are presently occupied in Leba-
non. 

" Lebanon [itself] is not a mili -
tary factor," Rothmann said, ex-
plaining that the president of the 
country now controls only a small 
portion of Beirut, not including the 
presidential palace. "Lebanon no 
longer exists," he asseJ1ed. 

Rothmann felt the conflict in 
the Middle East, hinging on the 
level of conflict between the super-
powers, was greatly reduced due 
to the vast improvements in diplo-
matic ties between the superpow-
ers. 

~ 
outthelec-

lUre, Rothmann repeatedly urged 
students to "go and see for your-
sel ves. Explore for yoursel ves." 

Most of the students in atten-
dance felt that Rothmann was both 
well-informed and well-prepared, 
although some felt that his speech 
was not an objective account of the 
Middle East conflict. but rather 
slanted in favor of the actions of 
Israel 's government. This was 
perhaps a reaction to his closing 
remarks. during which Rothmann 
said that the Israeli people "are 
tired." 

"They want a solution. They 
don't want their children to go 

............. &... ........... 

I TOYOTA '. HCM"'HIIi~~ 
Minor Tune-Up Special $35 (reg. $55) ""-. 

Our IIN-up Includes a to! moli \han 0l1li11. II IndUdIs: 
1. Spa,.. plUlls 
2. DIstributor poInlS 
3. CondInMII 
4. Adjust timing 

5. AdJust ~~t I . CIIICk \WIts 
6. ChecIt & II ftWd & oIlMtI to. CIIICk un*1CIrItIae lor ~ 
7. CIIedt InIIII t t. CIIICk -'IntI sysilm & '-
I . CIIIcII clulcll t 2. 110M l1li 

35-point Major Service Special $79 
Extra lor fulHnjecIId. OUr "'*, " .. up 1iicIuda: 

1. CornjIrIuIon IISI 
2. VM llljulnent 

AIpIa: 
3. VM CIM' 8IIIIIt. 
4. 5GIrtI plulII. 
5. Dlltr"'llor poIn IS. 
I. CGricIInIIrs. 
7. AI, .. ,. 
I. 0I1I1f. 
t. GIIltllr . .. d 

t Q. Englnt oil 

t3. ~CIIIIInIDr 14. air & ... Il10 mlJduli 
tS. • ... rIng bell 
t6. '**" 
17. IInfIII 
11. ~bAIiII 
tl. ChecIt & ........ l1li11 
20. LullifnlnUnd 
21. ChecIt & ,..,. .. ,.11uIII 

&oIlMII 
22. ChecIt IIIcbIcaI ayAIm 

(r8g. $150) 
24. CIIICk InIIII 
25. CIIICk c:M:II 
211. CIIICk \WIll 
V . CIIICk un ........... ,...' ...... lor ,."., 
21. CIIICk I11III iIdW9I bIIIIry. If 
29. =1:. (W IIIIdtd) 
30. CIIICk IN ,..auli 
31. luIIi door '*' .. 32. CIIICk lllIaIdirs 
33. CIIICk coaIntI sysIIm & '-

John Rothmann 

through what they went through 
. . . (butl as long as Israel perceives 
that there is a threat, nothing will 
happen. I really believe that the 
ball isnotinIsrael·scourt. The ball 
is in Arafat's COUJ1." he said. 

A spokesman for the Union of 
lewishStudents said that he viewed 
the talk as successful in clarifying 
student views with regards to the 

NEWS 3 

situation in the Middle East. 
Rothmann, a self-proclaimed 

advocate of both the Zionist and 
pro-choice movements in the U.S. , 
also announced his intention to run 
for Congress for the 6th district of 
San Francisco in the 1992 election 
if Barbara Boxer. who now holds 
that posi tion , runs for Senate 
against incumbent Alan Cranston. 

THE NEW ARRIVAL ... 

TWINS. 

34. CIIICk .... systlm 
35. IIGIIIIIIt 

Noll: For kyIIicIe' cars add S20 

11. =lImlnl t 2. dWilt anolt 23. ChecIt f.-... or lust bciIII NOW OPEN! TOGETHER! 
TCIY* SUPIII.1iId 130. IlIIIIin 200SX III ... split( pIuts, MIl $35. 

Complete Clutch Job $179lbrnMWpW) 
.lipta: 

1. Tr-..ISIIon.tNlMII 
=ondaI) 

•. nw-.t biIrtnt 
5. PIlot biIrtntII 
I. New b1nt1111uion 011 
7. ROIiIIIIt 

,..: HWdIUIc ..,.. ... no! 
CIMIid: Not tor -4WD 2. _ 

3. ~1cII_ 

Brake Job SpeCial $44 (reg. $80) 
Fran! 0' fill . • ,. jab lndudn: 

1. t_ ...... _ ... .-1ndIII _ brIIII.... 5. BIIId ..... brIIIi systIm 
2. 0IIII Old IIIIIIi IuIII .. AdIUilflant ,I drumI) .. ~ _ SII_ 
S. IMDIctCCllllllilllIMl,..1c systIm 7. A;pta frunt iVIO" •• (If roto, "m) 
•. AdI JIrdrIuIIc .... •. RoId l1li 
N* HydjIuIIc ...... not IncIudlcl Ir.., new ...... Ask about .r speclall'ltlS tor Ingl .. a.erllauls. 

All .r wark has I 2·,.. ar 20,_11111 ....... d .army. 
All prices Inclade parts Ind labar. 

j --10%OFFLABOR --l 
L __ ~Ith UCSD ~~ __ J 
. ·overseas 
AuIDmotIvI RIp. I 
.0 •• 0. •• 8 years in business 

Offer good thru Match 31 
wi1h this ad 

Towing and rental car available. 
Hours Monday-Friday. 7:30 am-6 pm 
Opea SItII'., _.1= 
8008 Miramar Rd. 115-1 

Call for appointment now 

-------In the New-------
Costa Verde Shopping Center . 
-------------------T-------------------

6 NON FATS DAILY 

IlLII)I·\ 
FROGEN YOZURT® 

FREE YOGURT 
Buy one cup or cone 
and receive 2nd of 

equal or lesser 
Value FREE! 

TOPPINGS NOT INCLUDED. 

• -~-. Steve S 1 ~lul.r.dJ 
FREE ICE CREAM 

TOPPINGS 
Buy a regular or large 

scoop and receive 
Free toppings. 

GOOD FOR TWO PEOPLE . 

Good Only at Costa Verde Good Onl y at Costa Verde 
Expires 3/19/90 Expires 3/19/90 ______ _ ___ __ _ _ _ ____ L ______ ____________ _ 

8650 Genessee Ave. • San Diego· 450-3044 
Direct Iy Across From University Town Center 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 5, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN, Editor in Chief 
ROBLN MAC LEAN, Managing Editor 
ANTON BITTNER, News Editor 
CA THERI E DILLE, News Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 

TIte UCSD Guardill1l is published IWict: Voftkly Il lhe Unlvers.llyofCahromia, San OIcao. Conlcnls 01990. 
Vte .... scxprnsed hertln re~nl the ~ny VOle oflhe cdilorial board. and are fK)( nccusarily lhoseoCthc 
UC Board or Relents, (he ASUCSO, nor lhe cntlre GuarditJn staff 

Nicaragua 

Hope For Freedom 
"They [newspaper La Prensaj accused us of suppressing freedom of 

expression. This was a lie and we could not let them publish it." 
- Nelba Blandon, Nicaraguan Interior Ministry, 1984 

All but the most dogmatic leftists admit that the Sandinista 
regime in Nicaragua was repressive. Apologists for the regime 
argued that this was a result of U.S. pressure, both economic and 
military. But sanctions and the Contras did not change the facts: 
Nicaragua has the largest military in Latin America, and receives 
massive amounts Of aid from the Soviet Union. 

The stunning landslide victory of opposition candidate Vi-
oleta Chamorro promises an end to this repression. But the odds 
are against freedom. Nicaragua has never truly known freedom 
and democracy. The U.S .-backed Somoza regime was authori-
tarian, and the Sandini sta revolution a decade ago held out hope 
for new freedom. 

But hopes were dashed quickly. The new regime, led by 
Preside nt Daniel Ortega, nationalized banks, eized property, 
and started Nicaragua down the same fatal path that crippled the 
Eastern European and Soviet economies. Dissidents were ar-
rested and held w ithout charges or trial, tortured, and forced to 
sign confessions. Human rights abuses were rampant - hardly 
unusual for Latin America , whether a regime is authoritarian or 
totalitarian. But the reality was far from the rhetoric of the 
regime, and Nicaragua became a focal point of controversy 
throughout the Reagan administration. 

It is certainly arguable whethe r the Reagan and Bush admini-
stration policies toward Nicaragua were correct. But opponents 
of the policies can 't have it both ways; they argued that the 
pressure was ineffectual , but then rationalized Sandinista repres-
sion and military conscription by accusing the United States of 
putting extraordinary pressure on the regime. For whatever 
reason, the regime finally acceded to democratic elections. They 
then mounted a massive campaign, plastering the country with 
banners and advenisements, and virtually overwhelming the 
opposition message. But it was futile. 

The victory of the opposition is cause for celebration, but the 
Sandinistas are still a powerful force in the country. They are 
unlikely to easily give up the reins of power, and will look for any 
opportunity to put roadblocks in the way of economic reform. 
And economic reform will not be easy under any circumstances; 
under the Sandinista regime inflation soared to 33,600 percent, 
and unemployment reached more than 30 percent. The currency 
trades at 70,000 cordobas to a dollar. Most damaging of all, the 
entrepreneurial spirit has been vinually crushed - the markets 
are almost empty of goods, and even the black market is barren. 
It is a measure of the dissatisfaction with the Sandinista regime 
that in a patriarchal society, voters overwhelmingly supported a 
woman - the fust woman elected to lead a Latin America 
country. Thi s too is cause for celebration. 

In many ways, Nicaragua faces a much more difficult struggle 
than the Eastern European countries. The road back from com-
munism is certain to be a difficult one, and Nicaragua faces a 
Marx ist-Leninist party which is still powerful, unlike those in 
Eastern European countries. 

The United States and other strong free world countries, such 
as Germany and Britain, certainly have a role to play in assisting 
Nicaraguan reform. But the U.S . budget is tight; foreign aid can 
only come at the expense of other countries - countries with 
strong U.S. lobbyists. The Congress must muster the courage to 
aid the emerging democracies around the world, and particularly 
in this hemisphere. At least Nicaragua has the advantage that the 
Soviet Union has pledged to continue its aid. 

Demobilization of the Contras is also an important goal. But 
demobilization must come only when the new govemment has 
taken control of the military from the Sandinistas, and this may 
not be an easy task. Negotiations must be organized between 
Contra leaders and President-elect Chamorro 's administration, 
and the United States should pressure the Contras to demobilize 
when Chamorro wishes them to. 

The Sandinistas must recognize that the people have spoken. 
If their ideology is anything more than empty rhetoric, they must 
believe in the voice of the people. And the people want change. 
There is no longer rOOM for the bankrupt ideas of communism. 

Fact or Fiction: Friction in the A.S. 
Editor: 

Mr. Bryan Dias, prior to my 
appointment by the A .S. council , 
I allegedl y stated that I would be a 
thorn in programmer Matt 
Schnurer's side. Fact or fiction? 
Yet common talk and propaganda 
don ' t seem to mix well with the 
truth. By a majority vote, 1 was 
appointed to this position. Fact or 
fiction? 

Among those present at the 
meeting at which the TGs were 
discussed were [A.S . 
AdvisorJRandy Woodard, an ad-
ministrative official, A.S. P~si­
dent John Ramirez, African-
American Student Union Presi-
dent Michael Richardson, A.S. 
Vice President of Administration 
Alex Wong, Student Affirmative 
Action Committee (SAAC) rep-
resentative to the A.S. Council 
Annette Mosley and Matt Sch-
nurer. Schnurer willingl y, happily, 
and confidently signed an agree-
ment to sponsor five cultural TGs 
at the discretion of the SAAC 
organizations. Fact or fiction? 

As an official elected by the 
people, when you document an 
article with your signature, you 
are legally bound by that contract. 
It is for we the people, we the 
students of UCSD to take total 
responsibility to make sure our 
student representatives hold these 
truths to be self-evident. It is our 
right, our money, to see that we 
get what we deserve. When we 
don ' t, there needs to be noise! 
Fact or fiction? 

Now, let ' s address the issues 
surrounding sensitivity, mudsling-
ing and hiding the true facts. 
During a Programming Commit-
tee meeting, when bands were 
being discussed for the cultural 
TGs, there was discussion on the 
name list I submitted. Let's re-
member that Matt Schnurersigned 
his name in agreement to have 
cultural TGs. 

Being attacked from all sides 
on the acquisition of these bands, 
I democratically responded to each 
with true facts of reality. Kim 
Phillips questioned whether my 

BENSON 

sources for the bands were one or 
two people of the SAAC organi-
zations or did I address each eth-
nic or3anizational general body. 
She stated this as if the list didn ' t 
reflect that. 

I proceeded to question her on 
her attendance, not to some, but to 
even one of the SAAC organiza-
tion meetings. She responded, 
"No." This is when I stated, "First 
you need to attend an African-
American Student Union meet-
ing, or any other SAAC organiza-
tion meeting, before you start 
judging instead of standing on the 
outside looking in." 

Now to deal with mudslinging. 
Mr. Matt Schnurer, since we are 
stating names here, why don ' t you 

personally respond or write 
Guardian articles? Is there some-
thing you ' re hiding? You obvi-
ously "informed" th~ Guardian of 
the "attacks" on Kim Phillips' 
sensitivity. 

The information written in this 
[March I J and previous Guardian 
issues is not a result of adequate 
investigative methods. Ms. Phil-
lips' emotional duress wasn't 
caused by my seemingly harsh 
words, but by the cold harsh real-
ity of truth that we all hate to face. 

I am we the people! You, stu-
dents ofUCSD are we the people! 
When we the people are being 
treated unfairly , we, me, I, they, 
you, need to take a stand! 

Vanness Harris 

Egotistical Morons at Muir 
Editor: 

I would like to address this letter to all Muir freshpersons. I 
think that all of you are stuck-up, egotistical morons. You believe 
that Muir is superior to the other colleges, but I am sorry to say that 
you are sorely mistaken. Please let me explain. 

When I applied to UCSD, my heart was set on attending Muir. 
But Muir didn ' t want me, and I had to go to "Little Lebanon." I 
now realize how lucky I am to be at Warren because I have seen 
the changes that occur to a freshperson living at Muir. 

One of my friends from high school now resides in the Muir 
dormitories. At high school he was good-natured and fun to be 
with. Now he is an asshole, just like all the other Muir freshper-
sons. 

He mocks life at Warren every chance he gets. He says things 
like, "It must really suck walking 10 miles for dinner every night" 
or "What do you doat Warren during the weekend,just sitat home 
and watch TV?" 

Every time I hear someone cut down Warren, I want to cut 
down Muir. The best way I can do this is not by making jokes, but 
by writing this letter and stating the facts. The truth is that Muir 
women are sleazy and Muir men are assholes. 

There are too many examples of the sleaziness of the Muir 
women, but for the sake of space I will tell you all of one. 

Last week I went over to the Muir donnitories to do some 
homework: at my friend's suite. In the course of two hours, three 
girls strutted around in their underwear, two girls flirted with me 
and my friend, and another girl willingly disclosed her sexual 
history to an open room. 

Now, don't get me wrong. 1 love to see half-naked women as 
much as the next man does, but this was too much. I have only one 
more thing to say to all Muir frcshpersons: Get a life! 

Name Withheld 

::p--. ~ 

Monday, March 5,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

ueB Members Are 'Spineless Yuppie Larvae' 
Editor: 

How could the administration 
be more cynical than at last year's 
grand opening of the High Price 
Center, where TommyTuckerand 
his sordid crew of career bureau-
crats finagled 10 million dollars 
of student fees to pay for a mall 
that students neither asked for nor 
now have any control over, and 
then sicked the mad-dog police on 
a peaceful demonstration? 

How about the grand re-open-
ing of the Student (Cooperative) 
Center, where the administration's 
cynicism has rubbed off on the 
supposed student leaders of the 
University Center Board? The 
same day as Board members deco-
rated the Student (Cooperative) 
Center with balloons and bright 
ribbons, the co-ops met with a 
lawyer to head off the 
administration's threat of eviction. 

Univer it y CenterBoard members 
are spineless yuppie larvae who 
have repeatedly refused to up-
port the co-ops or students in 
general, and they should be re-
called immediately, or at least 
discouraged from running again. 
There are also petitions circulat-
ing to support the co-ops in their 
struggle for autonomy. 

Kill cynicism before it kills you. 
Arnie Schoenberg 

Making the World a Better Place 
By LARA HEISLER, EdiiorialAssistant 

Sometimes it seems as though in orderto feel like 
a "real" college student, you have to be affiliated 
with a cause. Often, I get the distinct feeling that if 
I' m not devoting time and attention to such pressing 
world issues as global warming, ozone depletion, 
apartheid in South Africa, homelessness, excessive 
wastes, and rain forest destruction, I'm an insensi-
tive clod, a cyst on society, and worse yet, partofthe 
problem. 

I have walked around campus and seen the many 
nyers that encourage environmental awareness. 

way for a friend." I want to see people smiling on 
campus when they pass by one another while walk-
ing to class-even if they don't know each other. I'd 
like to try to strike up a conversation with someone 
new every day- without trying to recruit them to 
orne higher cause. 

What I'm trying to say is that the best way I know 
to truly improve the state of the world is to show 
common consideration to people in my microcosm. 

Maybe the reason no one talks about how impor-
tant it is to effect poSitive social change simply by 

being nice or thoughtful is be-Vegetarians have repeatedly 
told me that abstaining from 
meat is not only socially con-
scious, but healthy too! I have 

~~~s~ -'T '& ... T Cl~-u'n cause it is a given. However, I UUAJL1J~, ~ 'l' know that if I make an effort to 
- - - --- ----;, really think about how my be-

been told time and again which fast food restaurants 
are politically "correct," and which ones are nOl. 

When all of these innocuous, well-intended, and 
heart-felt warnings about what I should do, buy, or 
eat are added together, I begin to feel extremely over-
whelmed. I am instantly overcome with a wave of 
guilt, quickly followed by a flash of resentment. 
While I agree that it is of dire importance that every 
individual do their part to help effect positive change, 
sometimes I find that I disagree with some of the 
most widespread notions of how to achieve this goal. 

Just a few weeks ago, I walked into my favorite 
bookstore and found that the most prominently dis-
played book was Jeffrey Hollander's Ho w to Make 
the World a Better Place: A Guide to Doing Good. 
As I was flipping through the pages of this book, 
which contains very useful information about "How 
you can effect positive social change" by altering 
shopping habits and eating habits, I was struck by a 
sudden flash of understanding. It suddenly hit me 
that the reason I felt so irritated about all of these 
"helpful hints" was not because they were invalid or 
undesirable. The problem is that the most basic, 
necessary, and simple way to truly "make the world 
a better place" is never, ever talked about. 

I wantto put outa flyer that reads, "go out of your 

havior can have an effect on the people around me, 
I become more conscious of my actions. Maybe if we 
did talk about how we can make a difference in this 
world,just by exercising a little bit of courtesy to our 
friends and colleagues, I would feel more prepared to 
battle bigger and na tier world issues. 

The problem that I have with social awareness is 
not that people can get too socially aware. That is 
simply not possible. On the contrary, people aren' t 
"socially aware" enough! 

What 1 find disturbing about the notion of being 
"socially aware" or "politically correct" is that it 
frequently overshadows the obvious starting point 
for becoming a truly "aware" individual. Being kind 
to one another, listening to one another, and taking 
time to talk to and reason with one another are, in my 
book, the best first steps to take towards becoming 
socially aware. 

In addition, if these kinds of "helpful hints" are 
followed, people would have a more vested interest 
in larger global issues. By ridding our little worlds of 
apathy, coldness, and self-absorption, we will find 
that the big world holds more promise. And once that 
happens, all of us will truly want to go all out, reach 
a wider spectrum, and really "make the world a bener 
place." 

PIZZA 6: PASTA CAFE 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 

~FREE SUCE OF PIZZA BUY ONE and get a second FREEl 
• Not valid with any other coupon orrer. One coupon per customer per Vlstt. Exp. 3/31190. 
• 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

: GARLIC BREAD 
: & SALAD 
: with purchase 01 emy pasta or entree FREE 
• 
• Not valid with any other coupon offer. One coupon per customer per visit. Exp. 3/31190. 
• 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

DiMattia'. Plua 6: Pub Cafe 
in Costa Verde Center, 2nd Level 
Directly across from University Towne Center 

CALL 
455·5211 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

UCSD FITNESS 
SPECIAL 

OPINION 5 

AND ONLY $20 PI. MONTH 
on a monthly basis 

STAIRMASTER 
LIFE CYCLES 
CHILD CARE 

AEROBICS 
NAUTlLUS+lotST 

FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 3 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

BEING·FII ® 
3963 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

Clairemont Square Shopping Center near Lee Wards· Behind Famous Footwear 

483·9294 
Also in SOSU area 698·1702. Present Ihis ad and 1.0. 



6 OPINION 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISIS' 

WFYE GOT 
THE CUREf 

novelty items. gift wrapping. balloons. greeting cards 

4305 La Jolla Village Drive 
(next to carlos Murphy's) 

453-9993 
OPEN DAILY 

-!Zlma!a!7(Ot 
Restaurant 

Mandarin & Szechwan Cuisine 

3310 Governor (comer of Governor & Regents ) 
UCSD ,"CIAL UCSD ,"ClAI. 

l One delicious $ ,00 I Order the 30% I 
selection !Tom our oH I FAMILY DINNER I I ALA CARTE menu and receive oH 

L Exp. 4/2./90 J Exp. 4/2/90 - I 
--------- ---------_ .. 

6 Minute Prints! 
See Fuji's new AP5000 Color CoPier 

(7be only machine in San mega County) 
• Prints from color prints • Proof sheets from slides 
• Prints from B&W prints • Overhead vue-graph slides 
• En!argements from slides • Enlarge or reduce 

'~IJ, __ 
7523 Fay Ave. 
Vons Shopping Center 
459-0696 
Open 6 days a week . gone rlShing on 
Sundaysl 
We accept UCSD purchase orders 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

HOURS: 11-10:30 Sun.-Thurs. 
11-11 Fri. & Sot. 

)" 
\ ~. 

.•. 

LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd .. 5te. 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) v.x \ . ' 

. 

. 

,-
~ 

--------------------I I 
I 25°10 OFF ~~~~J~ I I 7C large frozen yogurt I 
I Void wiltl any olller offer. Toppings not IncludeCl. Expires 3{ll/90. I L ____________________ ~ 

Saint Loui. Univereity'. 
Academic Year In Madrid 

COMPlETE CURRICULUM: Engllsl\, 
Spenl&h, Lh''' Arts, Bullln_ & 
Admlnlltl1lllon, TESOL. Sc*lces. 

Hllpanlc S1udle. 

SLU In M.drld I, • """""'" of AAlEOE 

arllCluat. Courses o"ered du~ng 
Summ .. s. ... on 

Apply NOW for SPriDa. Summer and Fall 
More than 1,000 8tudents In the Program. 

Saini Louis Unlverslty In Madrid 
Bravo MurtHo, 38 
Edlflclo Gonzaga, Planta BaJa 
Madrtd 28015 Spain 
rei: 583-3783 

Cont.ct: 
Saint Louis University 
Study Abroad Coordinator 
Admissions Office 
221 North Grand Blvd. 
st. Louis, MO 63103 
ToN-flM tet: 1-800-325-6666 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 5, 1990 

Growth Does, in Fact, Threaten Urey Lawn 
Editor: 

I felt that my reputation for 
honesty was seriously questioned 
by a letter("Misinfonnation About 
Growth Rampant ," March I), and 
I would like to have the opportu-
nity to respond to the comments 
attributed to me, A letter to the 
editor addressed the issue of ram-
pant misinformation about growth 
at UCSD and used the Urey Lawn 
incident as an example of how 
such misinformation gets pread. 
Whi Ie I cannot deny that the infor-
mation available to students con-
cerning this campus is intolerably 
deficient, I resolutely deny having 
added to the mayhem. 

I was " ... the very determined 
student announcing that in just a 
few year, nobody would be able 
10 watch the sunset through the 
[Urey J trees due to the presence of 
a six-story biology building." 

have committed themselves to 
reading every page of the damn 
thing. For better or for worse, I 
dedicated a night to the task of 
making the master plan 's acquain-
tance. 

On page 59 of this plan, there is 
a map showing what the Revelle 
campus will look like when the 
construction stops. On what is now 
Urey Lawn, there is depicted a 
building. A big building. From the 
pictu re it appears to be the same 
size of Urey Hall. Yeah, it is that 
big. "The sciences building is 
propo ednorthwestofUrey Hall." 
(verbatim from the Master Plan). 
Aba, the truth is revealed. 

Not so fast. We all know that 
the plan "has undergone more 
changes than Michael Jackson 's 
no e."True. I caUed Jefferey Stein-
dort, the director of planning for 
UCSD, and asked him about the 
proposed building on Urey Lawn. 
While he could not confirm abso-
lute specifics over the phone at 

that time, he did confirm that such 
a building was slated to go up in 
the fall of 1990 and that it would 
be abou t six stories. These are 
comments from a man in charge 
of planning at UCSD and I believe 
him to be a man of his word. 

After all this, there will still be 
people ready to deny that there 
will ever be a building on Urey 
Lawn. When I and many others 
painted a sign stating "TAKE 
DOWN THE BERUN FENCE," 
we had two goals in mind. First, 
we wanted to express our outrage 
for a fence which prevented us 
from enjoying a beautiful piece of 
land, now or forever. Addition-
ally, we wanted students to react 
to the reality oflosing that land. In 
e sence, what we wanted people 
to do was to take down the fence 
surrounding theirm inds and speak 
out. Have we succeeded? You tell 
me. 

Sean A. Ravin 
Needless to ay, many people 

have responded to the above 
comment by saying that the " ... 
fence was only put up so the con-
struction vehicles could have a 
afe place to be stored and oper-

ated." Did it ever occur to anyone 
that both statements could be true? 
Based on the student response, I 
suspect not. 

Third College Democracy? 

Atthis time, thefenced-offarea 
on Urey lawn is being used as a 
staging area for the construction 
equipment, yet in approximately 
eight months, ground will be bro-
ken on Urey Lawn in order to 
build a six story science bUilding. 
With all the comments I've re-
ceived telling me that this is not 
so, 1 began to doubt even my own 
words, so I went to a number of 
primary sources to get the story 
straight once and for all. 

This is what I discovered: Al-
though many people have heard 
of a master plan which details the 
future appearance of UCSD well 
into the 21st century, few have 
been determined enough to get 
their hands on it, and far fewer 

Editor: 
On Thursday, March I , The 

Guardian published an article 
("Students Debate Third College 
Renaming") that had a profoundly 
disturbing effect upon us. It was 
neither the author nor the actual 
content of the article that had this 
effect, but the comments of Third 
College Provost Cecil Lytle as 
quoted within. 

He said "the name of this col-
lege is part of the message that 
infects the community with a 
positi ve description of who weare 
and what we believe in." We 
wholeheartedly agree with him on 
this subject; the renaming of Third 
College is an excellent idea. 

However, his belief in the non-
democratic method he describes 
the voting procedure to be is un-
doubtedly mistaken. He states, "if 
someone can tell me a fair way of 

AnMBAdegt:ee 
that ~ves yoq a degree 

of expenence . 
The 'ortlwastl'nl ('c)-op MBA pmgrdm nahk'S you to l'ill11 

yourci(>gl'l.'<' injust 21 month~ and still ('am money liu' your 
edutat ion- paid pm[l'';.-;ional work expetience is an integral 
part of tlw curricululll . 

NOli hl'astt'ITI Univer.,ity, one of the l'Ountry 's I(,ader!> in 
{'ool)('rativ<> education , ha-; off(,l'('d this (JlIt.~tanding ('duca-
t ional opt ion 10 MBA l:andidates fur over 20 y('ars . 

11\(' C(HlP MHA program hegins ill .JUl1t' and ,January. 
Application dpadlinps arp AI)ri1 15 and T()vem\)er I, 1'C':;1X'(''' 
Li vely. POI' detail~, rt't 1I m the ('Oll pOll Iwlow. 

~------------------------, \'4' .... , rllll~t' 141 rlluluIIIIIHII" ahour ~I :\urlht'il'It'rll (II op ~1BJ\ dt '~n.'(· Stllul,w 
c ;I<.ulll<lh' Sc hoot or Ih I'oIlH"'" Admuu ... , ra llnl1 :W.l 11:'~'jh'lI Iiali . :\nrl ht , ..... ll'rIl 

rlll\.\'f""~ ' :JH() (111111111).(1011 Au' 1i4 .... 111I1 , MA It!lI·, 
';Unt' 

\11111'1'" ::~ _________________ _ 

\"nh. ,1""111 I tll\ .' .... 11\ I' ,III !>iIIl,.1 "111",,1111,11\ ,11 11I11I.111~" ,I' 1'''11 1"1'' 1,1"", Th. , I .. I~·M!·.II Ih. "I1"'"' 
'.I!!lIIll'11 ,111'>1' I" _If' p-,I,I • .,II., Ih. \1114 ·(lI .tll \ ".'11,1./\ .,11 "III·~I.III "111"'1-. " I 1111' 1111" 

n.J Northeastern University 
(' 0 - 0 P :\1 B .\ 

guaranteeing that there will be a 
major turnout ... then I think we'd 
have a fair vote. But the way that 
the vote has been judged and 
handled and given preference in 
the past has not been democratic." 

Mr. Lytle, we would like to 
know of any election or referen-
dum in history that has ever had a 
"guaranteed voter turnout." We 
honestly feel that this is an impos-
sible task you ask for. He also 
believes thar a low voter turnout 
invalidates thedecision. We would 
contest this: Theelection for pres i-
dent of the United States has a 
voter turnout slightly above 50 
percent. If such a major election 
has this problem, should it be 
invalidated as well? 

The problem of apathetic votes 
is one found in every democratic 
election. The choice to vote or not 
to vote is a bas ic democratic right, 
and by not voting people are exer-
cis ing this right. 

If, as he says, only 10 percent 
of the Third College community 
votes on thi s issue, what can ever 
be done about the unheard 90 
percent? Their apathy merely re-
sults in a choice being made with-
out them, and the other 10 percent 
should not be penalized for the 
majority 's ambivalence. 

This entire matter could be 
moot because Mr. Lytle has the 
power of ultimate veto, and by his 
words in the article, one gets the 
feeling that whatever the students' 
decision, be it even to keep Third 
College's name as itis, he will still 
rename it. But the point is made. 

Mr. Lytle, one cannot sidestep 
the problem of voter apathy, but 
neither can we allow it to end 
democratic rights. Low votertum-
out must be dealt with in a demo-
cratic manner, not by invalidation 
and veto. 

Trey Butler 
Joshua Lawrence 

The! UCSD Guardian welcomes your 
teuers . Drop your letter al the Guardian 
offices (in the Sludent Center, where Ihe 
A..S. olflCesused to bel or mail il to: Opinion 
Editor, Tbe Guardian, UCSD, n .. 016, La 
Jolla, CA 92093 

teuers should be Iyred. doubte-spaced 
and must include a signalure and phone 
number. We reserve the rightto<XliliC!llers 
for lenf!lh and clanty. 

Monday, March 5, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 7 

A New Name for Third College: An Idea Whose Time Has Come 
Editor: 

The article in the March I Guardian 
accurately reflected the Third College Town 
Meeting last Monday evening where the re-
naming issue was discussed. First, let me 
say that the lev~1 of discussion was, at all 
times, remarkable. I have participated in 
previous meetings over the last IS years on 
this issue when the tenor of discussion was 
less than thoughtful, and at times destruc-
tive. I suspect this progress is a factor of our 
maturity as a college and as a campus. 

Throughout this process, I hope to im-
plore the members of our community (fac-
ulty, students, alumni and staff) to under-
stand the real issues pertaining to our image 
among potential high school students, coun-
selors and parents. As I stated Monday 
evening, Third College is far behind Muir 
and Revelle in temlS of the number of 
students who choose Third as their "first 
choice." Further, we are a campus that is 
older and more established than Warren; 
however, we lag behind Warren College, 
too, in the number cf "first choice" appli-
cants. I think that you will agree that none of 
these colleges are superior to Third College 
in faculty, student and staff quality. Rather, 
this disparity reflects our historic inability 
to get out the message about theeducational 
programs at Third College. 

One must also agree that first choice 
potential- given the Warren example- is 
not a factor of longevity. As you know, 
planning has already begun for Sixth Col-
lege, and we are also going to add a Seventh 
and Eighth College in the very near future. 
If this trend continues, it will be the case that 
Third College will slip from college of 
fourth choice, to the college of fifth choice, 

then the college of sixth choice, then the 
college of seventh choice and so on. 

This trend is clearly due to the fact that 
we have never had an appropriate name. 
Slippage will happen not because of any 
lack or shortcoming in our students, staff, 
faculty or academic programs. It will come 
about because we, as a community. have 
not had the wisdom, courage or forethought 
to give our college a more meaningful name. 

On the matter of a vote, we have con-
ducted this exercise four times in the past. 
During each episode, the students have 

participation. However, the previous votes 
taken on this issue have sustained the prob-
lem of identity and deferred resolution. 
Indeed, the outside world tends to see the 
name Third College as an issue that has not 
been settled. We were a number in 1970, 
and we are still a number in 1990. It is fair, 
therefore, for high school counselors, par-
ents and potential students to ask the mean-
ing of this historic indecision. 

In a sense, I am "preaching to the choir." 
Many current Third College students are, 
indeed, the ones who took the time to read 

Indeed, the outside world tends to see the name Third 
College as an issue that has not been settled. We were a 
number in 1970, and we are still a number in 1990. It is fair, 
therefore, for high school counselors, parents and poten-
tial student to ask the meaning of this historic indecision. 

voted. The margins of victory in each case 
were far from plebiscite or mandate. Each 
of the past voting efforts disregarded the 
opinion of faculty, staff and alumni. In each 
case, no one seemed concerned with the 
more political consideration of what would 
be good for the future of the college. In-
stead, students voted their well-founded 
emotional expression. While heartfelt, this 
activity helped to relegate Third College to 
the impossible position of not being able to 
"get its message out." 

In short, the collective emotional wis-
dom of the majority of voters has helped to 
create and sustain the current name, Third 
College, and the current problem: a lack of 
identity for our college. I, too, share a pro-
found belief in the democratic pri nciples of 

all of the catalog and recruitment materials 
and, based upon their expectations, chose 
Third College. However, it is the thousands 
of other California high school seniors who 
are perhaps not as persevering and did not 
read and assess as others obviously did. 
Many current students, faculty and staff 
have sensed that our image to the outside 
world is inextricably connected to our name, 
or lack of a meaningful name. This matter 
must be addressed- and soon! 

The Naming Committee is a representa-
tive body made up of faculty, staff, stu-
dents, and alumni who, believe it or not, do 
not always agree with one another and, 
therefore, represent a broad cross-section 
of opinion. In light ofthe fact that we have 
never been able to encourage a more nu-

merically convincing vote or mandate, the 
notion oJ a representative naming commit-
tee is representative democracy. For very 
many of the same reasons, the UCSD fac-
ulty senate has adopted the protocol of a 
representati ve assembl y because it has been 
difficult to get a quorum at its full senate 
meetings. 

A number of students have remarked 
that I should forget about renaming the 
college, and concentrate efforts and mSlnc.y 
toward heightening our recruitment efforts 
in the hope of improving our image with 
target student populations. Indeed, Third 
College is doi ngjust that! Later this month, 
I will lead an expedition of 20 members of 
the Third Collegecommunity (faculty, staff, 
alumni, and student ) to the Bonaventure 
Hotel in Los Angeles to speak with poten-
tial ThIrd College parents and students. 

We expect to deliver our message to 
some 400-500 high school students and 
parents in one of the most elegant hotels in 
the area with the expectation that, through 
such an association, parents and potential 
students will see that we care very much 
about the quality of undergraduate educa-
tion at Third College and want them to 
become a part of it. 

Next academic year we will celebrate 
the 20th anniversary of Third College. 
Regardless of which name one prefers, I 
hope that you will join with me and the 
many others who feel that it is time for 
Third College to move on. To do so means 
that we must speak effectively to the public 
in unambiguous terms- our name is the 
chief megaphone through which we speak. 

Cecil Lytle 
Provost, Third CoUege 

BE A 
RUN 

LEADER AT UCSD 
FOR OFF~CE IN THE 

1990 ASUCSD ELECTIONS!!! 

FILING DATES: March 5th thru 9th, 8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
March 12th thru 14th, 8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

LAST DAY TO FILE: April 2nd, 8 :00 am to 4 :00 pm 

W HER E: In the A.S. Office, Price Center, 3rd Floor (see Patty) 
POSITIONS AVAILABLE: 

EXECUTIVE: 
President 

Vice PreSident Administrative 
Vice President External Affairs 

Vice President Finance 

CO M MISSION ERS: 
Academic Affairs 
Communications 

Programming 
Public Relations 

Operations, Services & Enterprises 
University Center Board 

(UCB position requires one year experience on board or 
as eJected ASUCSD official) 

SENATORS: 
Sophomore, Junior, Senior Senators for Muir, Revelle, Third, Warren 

Sophomore and Junior for Fifth College 



8 NEWS 

Lowest Prices In San Diego 

Discount Beauty Supplies 
• NO SALES TAXI on 

PAUL MITCHELL products only 

150/ OFF on all top maJor brands 70 (excludlre Paul Mitchell products) 
TO ALL UCSD STUDENTS 
with valid /.D. and coupon through 1991. 

TIRED OF BAD HAIRCUTS AND PAYING S30 & UP" 
For the best precIsion balanced haircut 

of your Ille • We do It your way I 

$15 00 CUT, SHAMPOO, BLOWDRYI -- 7512 La Jolla Blvd. 
(corner of Pearl in La Jolla) 

M-TlIurs. 10-6 
FrI • .s.t. 1CHi 
All EWflllWllly IPPOIntn.It 

• Color COPies 
• Binding 
• Self Serve Mocs 

Perms $35 & up 

• loser Printing 
• Fax 
• Typewriters 

let Us Earn Our Stripes! 

The London Small Theatre/ 
Slaves of Dionysos 

will perform 

Aristophanes' 

The Clouds 
FREE ADMISSION 

Price Center Theater 
March 8 
8:00 pm 

sponsored by Classical Studies, 
The Literature Department, Revelle College, 

Tia Maria ™ and 
The Union of Classicists at UCSD 

Co ·sponsored by AS/UCSD 

The UCSD Guardian 

Rimas UzgirisiGuardian 

Bob Knee moves in for a shot during the highly attended Inter-
Fraternity Council Basketball finals Thursday night. Sigma 
Alpha Epsilon took the championship. 

FUNDS: Policy Threatens 
Negative Check-Off System 
Continued from page 1 

During the four-month period 
of negotiations with CalPIRG, the 
UCSD committee suggested a 

"positive check-off system," in 
which students would add the 
amount of their donation to Cal-
PIRG to their student fees if they 

Computers 
LA JOLLA 

UCSD SPECIAL DISCOUNT 
.NCLUDES: 
. 2 DRIVES 
. 640 MEMORY 

PRINTER 
• l-YR. WARRTY 
• SOFTWARE 

T - -=-_:-
- -----
-------_ .-

COMPATIBLE 
Complete System 

$795 
Anything 
you need CALL 454-5544 

1110 Torrey Pines Road, Suite A 
La Jolla. CA 92037 

Your Decision. 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Earl y 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immediate 

Test Results 
• Pregnancy 

Termination 
• General or Local 

Anesthesia 
• Affordable 

Birth o ntrol 
• Student Discount 

17te College Line 
535-1379 

Q;r;t ,L · ~nCnofce 
Fnlf1ily PlfJl1l1il1! 

Associntes 
Medical Croup 

Quantities Limited 

_Em 
Financing & \.ea$ino Available 

Your Choice. 

Monday, March 5, 1990 

choose, rather than subtract it. 
CalPfRG did not choose to ac-

cept that altemati ve, and as a r~­
suit, the UCSD campus has no 
chapter of CalPIRG. 

According to Elise Jacques, the 
CalPIRG UC campus program 
director, no program in the Uni-
versity is funded solely by dona-
tions beeause "you can't rely on 
donations to make enough money." 

CalPIRG currently receives $3 
per quarter or $4 per semester from 
each student whodoes not check 
the appropriate bo)( and deduct the 
fee from their tuition. A combined 
total of approximately $300,000 
per year is generated each year 
from the four campuses through 
this system. 

"Students supported and voted 
for this program .. . but if [the 
University] takes away student 
funding, we won't survive," Jac-
ques said. 

Susie Castillo-Robson of the 
Office of the President argued that 
if CalPIRG does indeed have as 
much support as it claims, it should 
not have to rely on negative check-
off fees. 

"It is clear in my mind that 
voluntary ought to be just that ... 
if CaJPIRG has overwhelming 
support, [it] shouldn't have to" rely 
on negative check-off fees, Cas-
tillo-Robson said. 

The UCSA was first informed 
of Gardner's intentions at the be-
ginning of February, and at that 
time no opportunity was provided 
for student input. 

It was only after the chancellors 
had agreed in principle to endorse 
the elimination of the negative 
check-off fee students that were 
consulted, according to the UCSA 
press release. 

At its regular monthly meeting 
a few weeks ago, the UCSA Board 
of Directors adopted a resolution 
which affirmed support for the 
negative check-off fee. 

The UCSA has also adopted a 
resolution urging the University 
not to terminate the CalPIRG pro-
gram or its funding, and to support 
the existing campuses that have 
chapters, according to President of 
UCSA Tracey Woodruff. 

"This is a travesty of the con-
sultation process. When the Uni-
versity needs our help on an issue 
... they go out oftheir way to seek 
our opinions. But when they make 
up their minds to take away stu-
dent rights, they don 't even talk to 
us beforehand," Woodruff said. 

In the past month, student gov-
ernments at UCI , UCR and UCLA 
have adopted re olutions protest-
ing the removal of the negative 
check-off fee, according to 
Bankhead. 

"Student outcry has been very 
strong and has slowed down the 
process [of eliminating the fee]," 
she said. 

Gardner will be meeting with 
the A.S. presidents from each of 
the nine UC campuses sometime 
in the near future. The negative 
check-off fee is one of the items 
that will be discussed in this meet-
ing. 

Monday, March 5, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

FORUM: State Senator Lucy Killea 
Speaks In Support Of Pro-Choice 

Senator Lucy KiI!ea 
Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 

Continued from page 1 
Killea , whose recent election 
campaign centered on the abortion 
issue, called the forum "a very im-
portant undertaking." 

Killea emphasized the pro-
choice movement ' s greater influ-
ence in politics, citing the recent 
passage of a state bill which allo-
cated new funding for family plan-
ning. 

"The bill overwhelmingly 
passed. It was as if all of the oppo-
sition went into hiding . .. . That is a 
practical ~xample of what is hap-
pening in politics. Choice is now 
speaking up," she said. 

Killea added that the issue of 
unwanted pregnancies must be 
faced by today's lawmakers. 

"No one likes abortions, but we 
need to keep that choic . .. .I made 
my choice. [personally] I'm anti-

SUPPORT: Constitutionality Debated 
Continued from page 1 
Choice to disregard the Judicial 
Board. 

"I told them that they could 
proceed if they wanted. and that 
would be fine. But I also said to 
be prepared for the Judicial 
Board to sustain its ruling," 
Woodard said. 

Kirvin also said Woodard ad-
vised organizers to proceed with 
the forum. 

"After we informed them of our 
decision, Randy Woodard decided 
we didn't give [the Students For 
Pro-Choice] enough time, and he 
told them to go ahead if they 
wanted," Kirvin said. 

Hawaii's East-West Center 
and 

S.D.S.U.'s Telecommunication l!:l. Film Dept. 
present 

"But 1 don't think he overtly 
told them to disregard our rul-
ing," Kirvin added. 

Kirvin said that the Judicial 
Board would reconvene on Tues-
day to discuss the arguments 
heard Thursday night. 

Kirvin was unable to specu-
late on the meeting'S outcome. 

The Pacific Rim Film Tour 

Featuring five top choices 
from the Hawaii International Film festival 

March 7 - La Jolla Maseam of Conmnporary Art 
7:30 p.m. Far from War (People's Republic of China) 
9: 15 p.m. Birth (India) 

March 9 - SDSQ Uttle Thcrawr (Hepner Hall 031) 
7:30 p.m. Chilsu and Mansu (South Korea) 
9:30 p.m. Mauri (New Zealand) 

Marth 14 - La Jolla Maseam of Contemporary Art 
7:30 p.m. Yun 's Town (Japan) 

Followed by discussion with 
East West Center Film Scholars 

All films shown In orlglnaltanguage with English subtitles 

FREE ADMISSION 
for more information, call 594-6856 or 454-3541 

abortion. But you have the right to 
make your choice, too." 

Ava Bueno, a fonnercounselor 
for Planned Parenthood, descri bed 
what she views as the fallacy of 
severe emotional trauma to most 
women who have abortions. 

"While I was a counselor with 
Planned Parenthood, I saw hun-
dreds of women who had abor-
tions. Legal and safe abortions are 
not traumatic for most women. Bu t 
for a few women, abortions are 
very traumatic," Bueno said. 

Bueno offered three points 
against the stance that abortions 
are emotionally traumatic. Bueno 
said the idea that abortions are 
traumatic "first and foremost pa-
tronizes women, anti-choice pro-
testers cause more emotional dis-
ruption than the abortions do, and 
the emotional devastation caused 
by unsafe abortions is far worse 
than the trauma caused by legal 
and safe abortions." 

Bueno related a story of a self-
induced abortion performed by her 
mother in 1962, 12 years before 
Roe v. Wade which legalized abor-
tion. Bueno related the massive 
emotional trauma experienced by 
her mother and her family . 

"My mother was not the same .. . 
and I believe she is haunted by that 
to this day," Bueno said. 

Dr. Z. Kripke of the UCSD 

San Diego's Finest 

Health Center. the last speaker of 
the day, praised students for their 
"amazing maturity and intelli -
gence" in making important life 
decisions. 

"You don't need others to make 
choices for you .... No one is as in-
formed and as wise as you when it 
comes to making decisions only 
you can make," Kripke said. 

Kripke urged students to "Just 
say 'No' to people who want to 
make decisions for you." 

Student reaction to the forum 
was generally positive. April Bold-
ing, a Revelle student and member 
of Students for Pro-Choice, said 
Lucy Killea's attendance showed 
the clout the pro-choice movement 
is asserting. 

Calling attention to a sign which 
read "Adoption Not Abortion," 
Bolding remarked, "How many 
children are those people willing 
to adopt? They don 't practice what 
they preach." 

Jennifer Kehres, a protester with 
UCSD's [nter-Varsity Christian 
Fellowship, expressed her disap-
pointment at the one-sidedness of 
the forum and lack of speakers 
from the oppostion. 

" What about the right of the 
baby? A woman has a right to do 
whatever she wants with her body, 
but not wi th the child's body," 
Kehres said. 

Casual Ocean-Front Dining 
Enjoy fresh seafood, fine steaks and an array of 
California salads. Entertainment & dancing nightly. 
3105 Oceanfront Walk, Belmont Park 
So. Mission Beach· 488-2815 

...- ..... -- -



10 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 5, 1990 

Features 
Religion at UCSD: Groups Help 
Students Tackle Big Questions of Life 

have onhodox, conservative , and .. . re-
formed services," Bachkt said. 

" Most Jewish people don 't strictly fol-
low Jewish law, but it's there, and people do 
what they can," he said. "There are a lot of 
different viewpoints out there- from the 
very liberal, like reformed where they basi-
cally do what they want; to onhodox where 
they follow all the laws; to conservative 
where thcy follow the laws, but they inter-
pret [them] to the modem day. 

• By Renee Lewis 
StaffWriJer 

Is there a God? If so, what is God like? 
Why am I here? What' s my purpose for 
living? What happens after we die? 

These questions and others like them 
have been plaguing humanity since the 
beginning of time. The Union of Jewish 
Students (UJS), the Muslim Students Asso-
ciation (MSA), and the avigators, a Chris-
tian group, are three religious groups at 
UCSD made up of students who have asked 
themselves the e questions and think they 
may have found the answers . 

, The students are really 
diHerent from any other 
ESL class live taught. 
They're very motivated, 
and eager to learn, and 
ask a lot of good ques-
tions.' 

-Debbie Orton 
Engish instructor 

The UIS is the "umbrella organization 
for all thelewish and Israel organizations on 
canlpus," according to Muir College sopho-
more and UJS member Jerry Janoff. 

"Under it are other groups [such as] the 
Israel Action Committee (lAC) and the San 
Diego Public Affair Committee (SDPAC), 
a pro-Israel political group. Religious ac-
tiv ities are [also] under UJS," Ianoff said. 

In theory, UJS encompasse all Jewish 
students at UCSD, even though only a few 
hundred of them are actively involved, aid 
Rabbi Doug Slotnick. 

According to Jessica Bachkt , a Muir 

OPENING THE LINES 
OF COMMUNICATION 

sophomore and a co-chairman of the UJS 
religious committee, the group's religious 
activities include bi -monthly Oneg Shabbat 
ervices. 

Oneg Shabbat is the celebration of the 
Iewish Sabbath, which occurs Friday night 
and Saturday. The services are "in com-
memOiation of the Sabbath coming in," 
Warren first-year student Marc Boden ex-
plained. "We pray, welcome in the Sab-
bath .. . and have .. . dinner [together]." 

Bachkt explained that the group tries to 
alternate between different sectors of Juda-
ism during the Oneg Shabbat services. "We 

Unlike some religious groups on campus 
that attempt to convert students, the UJS 
does not evangelize. 

"Basically, Christianity, I think, is much 
more of a universal religion for all people," 
Janoff said. "Judaism is much more for the 
Jewish people. We don't expect other people 

See RELIGION, page 11 

just learning to verbalize words 
dnd those who can already read. 
Onon said. 

English as a Second Language Program to Asisst 
Workers In Conversation, Reading, and Writing 

Onon also describes the stu-
dents as exceptional because 
"they use their English outside of 
class. at work. so they come a lot 
funher in speaking. reading. and 
writing skills." she said. • By Grace Lee 

Staff W riJer 
Swing by the Muir Apartment 

Lounge on Tuesday and Thurs-
day mornings. and one will find 
about 20 to 30 adults gathered 
around learning English. 

Targeting UCSD employees. 
in such jobs as the housing and 
custodial departments. an adult 
English as a Second Language 
(ESL) class meets twice a week 
for two hours. focusing on 

conversation, reading. and 
writing. 

Funded by Affirmative Action 
grants. this program originally 
began about three years ago to 
help employees, "communicate 
better. and do a bener job for stu-
dents." Director of Personnel 
affairs Mary Louis Mondragon 
said. 

"The students are really dif-
ferent from any other ESL class 
I've taught. They're very 
motivated. and eager to learn , 

and ask a lot of good questions." 
Debbie Orton. English instructor 
in the English Language Program 
at UCSD Extension said. 

Although primarily composed 
of Hispanic employees, Ihe 
group is culturally diverse and 
includes Chinese. Vietnamese. 
and Czechoslovakian students. 
according to Mondragon. 

Varying levels of English 
speakers in the class require that 
much of the class work is divided 
into two groups: those who are 

Class activities involving the 
entire class include going over 
how to fill in work order forms, 
supply forms, evaluations, in 
addition to leaming how to 
complete health insurance bene-
fit forms. Class time is also spent 
explaining grammar and how to 
spell phrases such a " leaking 
pipe" and " hole in the wall" to 
benefit 

See PROGRAM, page 11 

Monday, March 5, 1990 

Religion 
Continued from page 10 
to follow us . .. Christianity is fine 
for Christians. but I believe Juda-
ism is for Jews." 

Janoff also believes it is impor-
tant for people to understand that 
Judaism is more than "just a reli-
gion." 

"It's also an ethnic culture," he 
said. "We have a cui ine. we have 
a dance. we have music. we have a 
language. we have our own laws. 
We have a way of life." 

VJS. members said there are 
many benefits to being active in a 
Jewish group on campus. 

"Jewish life is very rewarding, 
but only in a group setting." Janoff 
stated. "What makes it so wonder-
ful and so beautiful is the commu-
nity. For instance. if you weretodo 
the Shabbat rituals in your room. 
there would be nothing good about 
it. It 's just more fulfilling in acom-
munity." 

Another religious group on 
campus that attempts to bring 
members of a religion together on 
campus is the Muslim Student 
Association (MSA). 

" In the beginning, it was formed 
because Muslims here feli a little 
bit alone when they would come to 
the University," Revelle College 
senior Tehseen Lazzouni ex-
plained. " Most of them came from 
foreign countries. and they left their 
families. It gave everyone a chance 
to meet with other Muslims and 
discuss Islamic topics." 

According to Lazzouni. MSA 
members meet every Friday night. 
and discuss administrative details 
and future plans before listening to 
a speaker. 

"We have someone choose a 
topic like faith. for example. and 
he' ll look through all the Hadith [a 
religious book] on what the prophet 
[Mohammed] has said on faith, 

Program 
Continued from page 10 
employees with their everyday 
jobs. according to Mondragon. 

"We can communicate beller 
with students. and when they ask 
us a question. we know how to 
answer them. and we can read work 
orders now ... • " employee Thoi 
Nguyen said. Through her three 
years of teaching the class. she has 
increased her vocabulary and 
communicative skills. 

"When there is a problem. it is 
easier for me to ask and solve the 
problem," said Rovolfo Padilla • 
another UCSD employee. With no 
prior exposure to the English lan-
guage. he had previously been 
afraid to talk, but this ESL class 
has helped him to build confidence. 
Now he knows that he can "just say 
it and they will work with you." 

"Before. everybody was so 
afraid to talk. We think that if we 
talk, it's not right, but now we do 
pretty good." Nguyen said. 

Future plans for the program 
include hiring an additional teacher 
to have more seats available for 
employees who would like to stucty 
English and "to fit in with the 
University'scommitments toedu-
cation." Onon said. 

The UCSD Guardian 

'Although there 
In reality. Islam is nothing like 

that stereotype. Lazzouni said. 

are many Mu~lims "Islam is a peaceful religion. 
Warfare [and) terrorism [are] not 

here [in the United condoned by Islam. In fact. it i 
States], Muslims prohibited to do things I ike ... kill 

children and defenseless people." 
are generally Lazzouni said one of the best 
viewed as foreign- things about MSA is that it helps 
ers and as back- bring Muslim students together. 

" For a long time I didn't really 

wards criminal meet with other Muslims on cam-
typeS who oppress pus." Lazzouniexplained . " I would see omeone that looked like they 
women or [do were Muslim and I would say. ' Hi ' 
other] very bad and then goon. Therewasn ' treally 

a chance for me to meet with the 
things. , other Muslims and find out what 

-YusefSaib they ' re all about and what they're 
Warren sophomore doing. So,i t's a nice social group." 

"I t doesn ' t take much to be a 
member." Saib said. "If you want 

and he' lI discuss it with the other to meel with Muslims. whether 
members," Lazzouni said. "Nol you ' re a Muslim or not. you're 
only do we get our planning done welcome to join us." 
every meeting. but we also learn." Another example of a student 

"We also like to have one big religious group at UCSD is the 
function every quarter .. . that would Christian fellowship known as the 
enrich not only Muslims. but also Navigators. 
non-Muslims." Lazzouni said. cit- According to Muirsenior Yong 
ing a recent lecture on "Scientific Kim. "the Navigators is not affili-
Reflections from the Koran." ated with any church or group. It's 

Several MSA members said an interdenominational group of 
many people have mistaken im- believers [in Christ) who want to 
ages of Muslims. fulfill Christ's great commission 

"A lot of non-Muslims don ' t to make disciples of all nations. In 
really know that much about Is- short. we are committed to know-
lam. Unfortunately. all that they ing Christ and making Christ 
'ICnow is what they read in the k.nown." 
papers. which is terrorism. and Navigator activities include 
that's not what Islam is all about. small group Bible studies. in which 

"While Judaism and Christian- students meet to discuss biblical 
ity are generally accepted in this teachings, as well as retreats. prayer 
country, Islam suffers from a [bad] meetings. campus evangelism. and 
image." Warren College sopho- large group meetings called 
more and MSA member YusefSaib Squashes. According to students 
said. "~Ithough there are many involved in the Navigators. they 
Muslims here [in the United States], also spend time together socially. 
Muslims are generally viewed as "At the large group meetings 
foreigners and as backwards crimi- w~ sing songs and we have speaIc-
nal types who oppress women or ers come and give a message." said 
[do other] very bad things." See RELIGION, page 11 

Je.nJf. Kolsky/Guardian 
Debbie Orton works with students in her English as a Second 
Language class. 

• 
FEATURES 11 

The Uhimate Cut! 
:fd fw"'t~ at a fUce r ~ ~ 
ra~~Aaacat. ~ 
rdd!l !.au tPta/'1iico rd ~ <~~". 
IUIlDnlS Cuts ..•.•..... $4 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $21.00 

Womenls Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $26.00 

With selected stylists 

"PRICES INCLl/DE' 
graphic cut, shampoo, conditioning 

and professional styling 

457-3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Drive 

loceted 
In the La Jolla Village Shopping Canter 

• SO l" 
(.I\S\$ ''01»48\'' 

1\\& ~ March 8th 
5:00 p.m. 

ConI. 1m. 171 
Cognitive Science Bldg. 

For marc II1loln',,11011 pICc!<;c CJI ' tnc 
Thlld COllegc Dcal' s Off iC," ,It 534·4390 



12 

SERVICE & WORKSHOP 
MO DAY. MARCH 5 

8:JOI.m.-IO:0h.nL- 8Ipol:lt Group Thi .. group .!It (or ~Iudenl ~ ho 
ha\'c becndl:tgnoscda,; hJ\-lngl 8Ipo1;u-dl~rrllld are bem&tmtcd for 
~:unc.l5WC's addresw .. ,II be corln, "Lth the: P:bl. prt:st:nt, llnd future. 
Ind IIv1nl14lth or 'WIthout mc(hcaltOf'l . Led b) O:m Munoz and Lindsay 
Clkleron Call Dan It 514·IS79 foc infOl'1Tl4lion and sisn-up. Revelle 
Collect Pro\'Oit'S Offict' 

100JOa.m. . I2:00p.m.- LA TINOICHICA 'OTHERAPYGROUP. Th;. 
group6eal_ v.ith I $UCIio of 5Clf-doub(. and Intepalin& V.ri~1 aspccu: of 
IIvlo,: purnts.. f:unily .social rel:uionship Wr VI.II work tow,rd lhegoal 
of maintain,". siudent prodUl.:IIVII)', Led by o-.n Muncn. 534-1579. Call 
Dan (or Informallon and sign·up. Revelle Provost'S Buildi"C. 

Il:OOp.m..2:OOp.m.-GAY Ah'D LESBIAN PEER COUNSELING 
Have. quel>lion" Want someone 10 ,aJllo? Need "lupponlve environ-
ment? Drop b) 1M Women's Resouroe CenIc( cPnce Cenler)orctllI 534· 
2023 for In U"hVw)ullllppotntmenc with II Lrllned poer counselor. 

1:OOp.m .. 5:00p.m.- ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE PEER 
COUNSELING. For stralghl talk .nd~ulllhtans"'c-l'1conlKt MarcWin-
mss. pttlrounselor. Argo HAll Room 1000IOS 

3:00p.m.·4: :lOp.m.- ASIAN/PACIFIC ISLANDER STUDENTS' 
SUPPORT GROUP. TIlls drop-In group IS dtsilnc<i", address the con-
cerns of lhc AsianIPaclnc Idandtr slUdenlS It UCSD In I problem-
JOIvln, Ind supportl\e atJnC»phC-rt . Ii ues such as acadelTUC and cueer 
conce.mi. (iumJ'I SYSlCms In cuhural tr.tnsillon. stir «nut'l, and hving in 
1\11'0 cu ltures as )1udC-nIS an: possible discussIOn topiCS. Led by Jeanne 
Manesc. Call Jeanneat534-3035 for inform:mon. Mountain VteW lAunge. 

3:00p.m. ... :3Gp.nt.-RED II This group is desl,ned (or studenu .. hn 
re,ularlycncage in iMnee·purge patterns but ".,ant 10 Slop lhe cycle. Wilh 
loes of SlIppon. StudentS \11111 won: boch In and QUI orgroop 10 understand 
themscl\tcs and 10 chinle tt~lr behiVIOnl. It is generally recommended 
Ihll wcknls fim Inend. RED I croup berott comlRg 10 IhlS one Lod by 
Kathy Kuhnna and Kartn BI~n. Call Kath) 11 534-3585 for I1lfonna· 
non and I bnef p~lJmtnll) IfiItl"vit:Yo befOlt coming 10 the.': group. Muir 
Apanmt:m Loun,e 

",00p.m.·5::lOp.m.-CI,ICANA. IIISPAMC. LATI A SUPPORT 
GROLP T(lpICi ..... 11 Include academIC molI~'lJon. ~~5 manaaement. 

relltlon~Jup enhancemtnt. and tM- eh"ngmg rok: of Hispank: \Io 'OO\cu m 
""odem"," Lcd b) Lmd .. y c.Jd<roo 0011 LlI1dsay II 534-3755 f ... 
anformauon and $IIn-\ p R~\clle Formal Loonl~ 

TUESDA Y, M/,RCH 6 

g,OOa.m .• II :OOa.m - ALCOHOL A ... D SUBSTANCE ABUSE PEER 
COUNSEL !~~u Are)'oo concerned aboul I fnend btu don 'I know ..,..h:u 
!. ;;~j "I ~.opby Ind leI'S tal ... You can help! Cecllil A Nepomucef'lO, peer 
counselor For more mformauon CIU Jeanne ManeS(' a' 5}4·lO35. Rm. 
101, TC Dean's OffICe . 

1I:00a.m.·Il::lOp.m.-COPING Willi CHRO~IC ILLNESS AND 
PAIN The; PWP IS for su.adenli dealm, with chronic dlness or p;un In 
thc:lro¥on h\-csOtln Iht 11'11t:Solll&nlf.cantoc.hc:n. Topics to be addrased 
Include pl1I1/~s management tcchnlquc), handhn, deprusaon and 
lou. dulin, with medicil tTellmc:nt, Ind developln& wppon $ySlenlS 
COPIR, !o",11 developmeRllnd I suPpo","e en\'uonmenl 'WIll be empha· 
",zed W by Jeanne M:lnese and Carol LeBoeuf For I preliminary 
appointment before coo'tln; '0 the i:J'OUp please call Carol at 534-0236 
IOO3GH 

1I:00a.m.·I:OOp.m.-GAY A'ID LESBIAN PEER COUNSELING 
Ha\~ I question'! Wlnt SORltOIlt 10 tal" 10"1 ~eed I SUppcM1IVC eR\-In.,n· 
men'" Drop by lhe Women's RC'5OIJn;e CemerlPnceCemer) orcllI ,534-
2023 for an Indl\-Kiu~ IPpolntmenl ".,ith I tr.Ilned peer C'oun3C:lor 

I:OOp.m.·LlOp.m.- BLACK WOMEN 'S Sl,PPORT GROUP An 
lnfotn'lll group \10 tuch meets \IIeddy 10 enhance the acumlC. personal. 
.nd iOtll&lc~penenceo( Blad \Io'OfTtCn Studentllol.ed by Equilia Lu .. e and 
Cry:)t.tl Shannon. Call Cr)st31 orE4ullla at S34-375S ror In(ormauon and 
"IIn·up Re\oclle Formal Lounge 

1:3Op.m":OOp.m.-GRADI'ATE MEI"S AND WOMEN'S TItER. 
APY GROUP A .. cekl)' croup for padU3W: studenls Interested In 
e:\plonn~ rtlluonshlps, 3C'ademl(;/proreS5ionI1 issues. ond persor\.31 
t,:Otlcem ... Lcd by MIllIoRI Io!iUPOVKI. 534..025'. For mfonnauon Ind I 
prthmlR:try Inter'Vle .. b(fore cormng to lhe: group. call Mmllm II the 
abo\t phone' number 100] GH. 

~ :3Op.m.-6:00p.m.-THERAPY GROUP FOR GAY MEN. A confi· 
denWl! thC'r:lPY group for unde,gOOWI.IC 1100 gndusle Clly and bise.llual 
men dt:~I'1lCd 10 addub (:OfK:tm~ rf'l:ued 10 sexual onenlltlOll (el .• 
··comlng OUI," rel:lIlOn~hlp ISSues.. nC-1 ..... orkinQ In lhe gay communhy. 

hcalth·~llledconccm~). Lcd byDa\,ld Blas~nd.Clll Davld lt5l4-3987 
for a bne( appointment before COOlin, 10 the ~up , 302 we. Room 8 

WEDNESDA Y. MARCH 7 

12:3Op.m .• 2:OOp.m.-RED III (RECOV~RING FROM EATI G DIS · 
ORDERSI GROUP This group 1:.0 for IOtudenl ~ .. ho arc be)'ood n::aular 
patlt'm ~ of blngelng. dieM" or purging but .. ho .. ant 10 conllnue their 
stl(-de .. ~lopmtfu throuSh lncrca.\ed Jt\d!oofllih3l1ngand UU~ The,roup 
"'III Ie-am loe~penence feellA'~of a:re:l.ler Inumxy and stlf·3CCeptanct. 
Led by Ikrly HarJU \lo ath Liz Dumch. COlli Beverl)' at .534-6493 rOf 
m(ClrTlUuon and 10 )I{;n up brfore ,,-'Omm, 10 the croup 1003 GH 

I:OOp.m .• J:OOp.m.-ALCOHOL A ro SUBSTANCE ABUSE PEER 
COUNSELIMi. For str.ught 1.1.11 .. and ~tr.lLJ:ht answe~ coouact M:u-c 

Wlntn,,~. peerU)Un)(lor. Argo H:l1I Room 104/10~ 

3:00p.m." '3Op.m.- ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE PEER 
COUNSELING, Arc you roncemed lbout I fnend but don't know what 
touy'? SlOP by Ind let 's talk. Youeln help! Cec1ha A. Nepomuceno,pecr 
counselor For more IRfonn.auon call Jeanne Manese at .534-3035. Rm. 
107. TC Otln's Office 

. :OOp.m. ... :OOp.m.-GAY ANDLESBIAN PEERCOUNSEU"G Have 
a qF.'(itJon1 W,nt someone: 10 IAIk to? Need I ~pponlve cnvaronment' 
Drop by lhe Women 's Resource Center (Price Center) or eall .534-2023 
ror 111 Ind. vidual appointment wllh I \tamed peer coun5elor. 

5:30p.m .• 7:00p.m.- REDI(RECOVERING FROM EATING DISOR· 
DERS )GROUP. ThIS IS. psycho-cducatiooal W<><1l5hop f"''''''kIllS who 
want to become more .".,are of the..,. elunl hablU and how they may be 
mueRd and mainlalned. Habn·breaJdnltechnkjues. buikhna: 5Clf-(s-
teem, assertion trainln&. and other copinl melhods will be tlu&ht and 
practiced Led by Diane Barnett and a peer wunselor. Call Diane I' .534-
303S if you Ire interested in JOinin& the &1OOP be(orecomlnl to lhe JrOUp. 

TUESDA y, MARCH 6 

IO:OOo .m.-THEMARKETABLERESUM~ WORKSHOP. Lam how 
to Consuuttl SUlle-o(·\he·an relUmc that will make: you ,tand OUt fnxn 
the crowd. Can::cr Serv)(Cs Center Free 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 5, 1990 

TheWeekly Calendar 
1:3Op.m.-4:00p.m.- DROP· IN ADVISING HOURS For help find", ~..frL 
deslnbJe pan·arne: employment. dctemllRlnc. carttrlual,. 5urehin, (or \ L '1 
JObs or uplonnl professional or pdulle school opportumues. No * L.( 
appointment nect'W)', jU$t wal"·IR. Career Services Center. Free ()j 
4:00p.m •• 5:00p.m.-CS E 70 I'OIIP ,u'orin& by Gal) G,IIc:.poe II OAS IS I " jj 
AN TEA (Old Bookstore) every Tuciiday and ThursdlY FrtC. 

6:00p.m.-7:00p.m.- Lc. OASIS Rcod;n& ond S.udy Skills c.noer help 
your prepare: for finll Attend our finaJ's preparauon \Io'Ork)OOp. 1llc 

'oIIOf~shop wlIJ (ocus on lime manlgerneR!. lludyin, tC"Chni~ues. leSl 
tlkin., Kills 'Which 'WIll enhance your lest-taklne penpnnance. OASIS 
Annex. 

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7 

1:3Op.m.-EFFECTlVE lOB SEARCH STRA11:GY. 8M. of '")ob 
vKlncies Ire unadvertised This worbhop will leach you the most 
effective. wly 10 find them. Catm- Scrvite$ Center. Free 

I :JOp.m.":OOp.m.- DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS: Foe help findmg 
desirable pan·timecmploymenl, detennlnin&carcer,oaIs. searching (or 
jobs or explonnl profes$lOOll or JI'1Iduale IiChooi opportunities. No 
appoinunent necessary. juS! walk-In. C~ Services Center. Free. 

THURSDAY. MARCH 8 

10;oo..m •• 2:00p.m.- Jewish CJmpus Centers lnformatlOl'l Table: in 
ReYClie Plaza. Come and meet Rabbi 000& Slotnick, Director of the 
Jewish Campus CentertII vesO. This is I WI)' to eel infonnaliun lboul 
Jewish life on campus 

1I:000.m.-EARLYBIRD ON·CAMPUS INTERVIEW ORIENTA· 
TIONS · Get aJumpon nexlqulMer', on-<:ampus interviews by attending 
I mandatory orientation now. Carter Services CenlCr. 

1:3Op.m,":OOp.m.- DROP· IN ADVISING HOURS: For holp finding 
desu'ablc pan·time employment. detenninm& career goals, searchlQl (or 
JObs or c.Ilplorini proI'euional or padUllC school opponunnies. No 
Ipplintment nect.sSlty, just "'aJ ~ 'ln Carter Scnr~ Ccnler. Free. 

4:00p.m..'s:OOp.m.-CSE 70 J'l'oup tuterin, byGaryGillesp~ It OASIS 
ANNEX (Old llooI.$Iorc) e>eoy Tucsdly and Thursdly. Fr«. 

FRIDA Y. MARCH 9 

1 : 3Op.m'-':OOp. m.-DROP·I~ ADVISIt-G HOURS. Foe help findon, 
deslnblc pan·time fmploymem. detmninln& Cll'ftl' coalJ searching ror 
jObs or uplonnl prof'e slon~1 or ,&t'Iduate school opponunl1ie) No 
appoinlment necessary. JUSt \II-alk·ln. Career Servi~s Cenler. Free. 

RECREATION & ENTERTAINMENT 
THURSDA Y, MARCH 8 

5:45p.m.-THE THURSDAY DINNER. Ilomemade food and _. 
company. SponKNl:d by the Catholic Siudent Community It VCSD. 
UniYersity Lutheran Church, Catholie Lounee. ComerofN. Tomy PI1~S 
and ~ loll. S_. Dme. S200 
FRIDA Y, MARCH 9 

6:(N)p.m.- OI'Owsey Mau;ia anyone? United Campu.s Muusuy will 
blowout thequ.-u:r With an evenln," OM's. ThiIJ is an clI"CUent w.y 10 
Cet in the mood. (oc SI. Pltnclt'l DIy ""lth tradibonal (olk and blue &JUS 
mui.IC. We wil11el\te campus al 6 pm. dIarp! Mffi It !.he Campus 
MonlSUY OffICe 102 MAAC. Ftec 

7:3Op.m.- YE ENGLISH FOLK DANCE PARTY. Do join u. foe an 
everun, of u.:tmonaJ Enghlh dantln,. Dances ranee from very old 
(l6S0jlo modem. (rom §lIte.ly 10downright dtft.. Ourdancinl master ..... iII 
pr'O\o ide In truc:uoru on Sltp$ and fi&urt).. lnlen!USSKWI YoIII (eauU'e hllh 
lea. Rec Conrc~ncc Room (Recruuon Gym). Free. 

DISCUSSIONS 

MONDAY, MARCH 5 

1:00p~m.-8efore final, stan to bot: you down, come to I bu1h control 
an(oses Ion This ilthc seoond tolut wee". Leam about the properuSlJt; 
of various methods. Student Health Servkes. 2nd floor. 

TUESDA Y, MARCH 6 

I;OOp.m.- Farn. bam. thank you ma·am. Have you heard or the fertiliry 
• ..... mncss method ofbinh contrOl' h 's the natural (e\oen religiOUS) wly 
10 monitor )"OUr fenillty . Find out about all kinds of new buth oomrol 
methods and their advantage! Student Health Services., 2nd floor. 

WEDNESDA Y, MARCH 7 

I :OOp.m.-Fec Fie Foe: Fum. I )0l(1I the laltx of a condom. Do 'Iou ever 
~onde:r .. hy you don ' t ever see baby ,lints? n~' have the b1nh control 
thlnQ ml$tcrc:d. Comcon by 10 a binhconlrOl infoscssion. Siudeni Health 
Services. 2nd floor 

THURSDA y , MARCH 8 

I:OOp.m.- Are you setunl the most OUI of your senillhl' Al I well 
woman SCSStOO you wdlleam aboullhe pap smeu. infecuon prevention . 
and nutnuonal minenl ttgulation Come on by (or a productive lunch 
hour. Student Health SC'f'IIicc:s. 2nd floor. 

LECfURES 

FRIDA Y, MARCH 9 

Il :OOp.m.- 1 :OOp.m.-"I,I,m--A QuIck. Prtsenl·D.y Survey.- One 01 
the: workfs &Tta, rehl)()ns. Islam is an increa.sin&ly powerful force Icrosli 
&he ,lobe . 1M Office of Reli,ious Affairs is pleased to announce this 
presentluon by Fr. P!.erre Riches who IS teachina M UCSO this quancr. 
Price Ccnler. Gallery A. Srinl )'Our lunch while Iisteninl 10 Fr. Riches. 
Price Center. GaJluy A. Free. 

HEALTH EDUCATION 

MONDAY, MARCH 5 

IO:00I,m •• • 2:00p.m.- Are you reelinl sluUlsh Ind IllY? Well.Suldent 
Health has lhe IIlsYo'er (or you! Pep )'ourself up with a FREE fi tness 
evaluation from FITSTOP! Call 534-1824 or make an 'ppointmeft( ... 1 
Siudent Health! Do it tOdayl 1st noor Sndem Heahh Cemc:r. FR(. 

6:JOp.m .• 8:00p.m.- LESBIAN AND BISEXUAL WOMEN'S SUP-
PORT GROUP. We' re a ",eelly, conrldenual drop·in poup forwomc:n 
'"tcreilCd in ducuuin& personal concemlaM social issues In I c:omI'ort. 
IbLe. supportive envuonmtnt. Drop by the Women's RelOW'CC Ccmcr 
(Pncc Ccmcr). or call '34-2023 or 534-3755 for mort information. Led 
by Chell Ind Sue. 

I1Iustrations by Tyrome Tripoli 

7:1Op,m.- Sahajl Yap Meditalion. Learn tcchniques of meditation 10 
belanee Ind heal. improve conccn~doo. and increase joy and self· 
esteem. Price Centt'r. Slnl.ll Blrbara Rm. 

THURSDAY, MARCH 8 

9:000. .... II:JOa.m.- ALCOIIOL AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE PEER 
COUNSELING. AR you concerned _bolll I friend but don', know what 
losay1 SlOP by and let's talk. Youean helpl Cecilia A. Ncpomuceno. peer 
counselor. For more information call Jeanne Manese al 534-3035. Rm. 
107. TC Dean's Offke. 

IO:OOo.m.·Il:00p.m.-GAY AND LESBIAN PEER COUNSELCNG. 
Hive. (jucRion" Wlnt 5Or1"ICOr'Ie to 111"101 Need I supportive environ. 
ment? Drop by the Women', RCiOUICe Ccnter (Price Center) or call $34-
2023 (or an individual appoinunc:nt with I mined peer counselor. 

3:00p.m.4:00p.m.-GROUPFOR UNMOnV A ltD AND PROCRAS. 
TlNATING SllJDENTS. A poop (lI" Sludents who find it diffICult 10 
studyOf' .el $tIMed on the wrilin, olpapers and who feel Ihat school i noc 
the place for lhem II this time. Led by by Huah PMei, ~34-34S6. Rcvelle 
P'ro'IIost's Office. 

3:00p.m.·5:00p.m.- ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE PEER 
COUNSELlNG. For strai,hl 1411.: and stntl,ht an5Wers contact Matt 
Winttiss, peer counselor. ArlO Hall Room 1041105. 

J:3Op.m .• 5:00p.m.-COPING S KILLS GROUP. The ,OIlof obis group 
is to unde:ntand iOmC Orthe WI)'! in which emotions. biological moods, 
weniuve Iltitudes Ind W1le,les, b .. ell as behavioral pllterns imenct 
to elmer trt:lte. or 10 IiOlve probkms. This will be an ICtive trouP ulina 
imaacry Ind rehearsal tochniques: in &rOUP and I self· help book and 
homework bet""'een seuions. Lcd by Beverly Harju and Yw:ue Mitrani 
CaD Beverly al534-6493 Of' Yvette at S34-172S for inforrn.atioo and a 
prehmlnary in teIVleW before cooun,lO lhe poop, Conference Room. 202 
wc. 

6: .. p .... ·7 :JOp.m.-GAY AND BISEXUAL MEN'S SUPPORT 
GROUP. We '~a w«kJy, infonnal,confKlendal peer IfOUP for siudents 
who \IIInt todiscu$llnuc, and shin:COOCftns. Come lend)'OUr l4.Ippon' 
Drop-ins welcome, or call S34-3755 fOT more lnfonnabOfl. Led by peer 
counselors Marlc and Tony. Women' s ReiO'UlU CcRler. 

FRIDA Y, MARCH 9 

1:00p.m.·3:3Op.m..-ALCOHOLAhnSUBSTANCEABUSEGROUP. 
If you hive ever asked"Oo I have a problem?"'. chances Itt you do have 
few thinlS to wit lbout. Led by Dan Munoz and Crystal Shannon. Call 
Dan II S34-I.579 for mfonnation. Revelle Provost's Office. 

4:00p.m.-6:OOp.m.-cAMPUS BLACK FORUM. An infonnal dileus· 
SKlrI/suppon group 'Which rocuses on issues. 000CCI'Tl$, and e:cperience5 
lhal Iffect the quality of life of the A(rican·American community at 
UCSD. A problem·soIvlng and skill-oolldina approach is used to ani" 
lIitudenbln copin, With acadeTnK', iOCiaJ, reilluondaip, and family maners. 
Led by Phil Rlphael and Cryi;1I1 Shannon. For addilional inf()l'll\ltion. 
call Phil or Cryllil at.5J4..375.5. Mountain View Lounle. 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

MONDA Y THROUGH FRIDAY 

8:000.m.":00p.m.-SIGI PLUS. SYllcms of Inlerocuve Guidance and 
Informat.on ii I computer-bued pl'OJRm or Qr=r information designed 
10 help you Clarify your skills. VI lues. and occupational interests, For 
more infonnation, come 10 Career Services CcnlCl'. SIO. 

8:00a. .... ..4:JOp.m.-OASIS Wrilins CenlCl" offcn free: services for all 
UCSD Students woo need pre·writina help. conferences on drafts and 
editinlldvi~ . We enPee Iny k.lnd or wridnl and any kind of wrllinl 
problem. Coo(erefl(..'Cs are by appointmenl only. Evenin, appointments 
are also available. (For full OIngc of servtces 5Ce lhe back of lhe cuntnl 
c:1D.)1I sd~ule). Cull .534-2284 or come by Studc:nl Cenler. Buildina A. 
room 214, to make an appointment. This service is Ivallable lhrou,houl 
the qlWler. Sponsomt by lhe OASIS Wririna CenlC:r. Free. 

8:000.m''' : :;;)p.m~SCHOLARS WRITING WORKSHOP. Honon 
woR~sa nd indllliduaJ assistance (orfrclhmc" and 5Ophomoru. The 
worbhop will focus on the: shott paper, lheessay exam. and the professor 
as I panner. Students will "'ve the opponunity to Ie.-n I wont prQCCuine 
iyStem SAA $Iucients are especially encouralcd to apply. Call FII'TtU 
Forelflln II 5)4...7344 for funher informal ton or an appointtnmc. Fn:c. 

8:000 ...... :3Op.m.-QASIS ReacUn, and S.udy Skill. c. .... olTon 
one'lO-OI'Ie PCI"5OfIal Assistance for Ltaminl (PAL) ()Orlfcrences 10 im· 
prolle your skillson the (oUDwin, top~. time rnanaccmenc. ... ·RUin'. 
pro..ictt plannin, and orpnludon (or rtSCIJ'Ch, kclutt ROfe.takine, text· 
book rudinl, pttparine (or exams. and 1Ht·tak.in. SlIIICPe'- PAL 
conferences Ire fra and Ivailable by Ippoiftrme:nt Formoreinfornlatlon. 
call '34-7344 or ilOP ,by USB 4010. Free. 

':IIIo.m..4:Jep ... ~Lc. OASIS Rcodin& and Shldy Skill, help you .hi, 
quaner wllh lime matIIpment, noIeUkina. midlenn prepllllion. Ind 
te,,·takin. sU·:l te&iel. Stop by USB 0&010 Of call 5>4--7344 10 lel up a 
personal IppoimmenL Also-my on the lookout fOl' those valuab&e 
OASIS lIudy sltll" _shop •. Ftec. 

8:000.m"':3Op.m. Tuc and Thu: . :3Op.m. .. :eo,. ... - The Lan,UI", 
Procram provides assiM&ncC 10 iludenu whole n.dYe Ian.uaae is not 
Enllish and 10 those dotn, woc1c In Japanese. Spanish, French. German. 
Hebrew, and other lanpaaa;. A diqnoltK: lelt on wriucn En"ish as a 
K<:Ond IlnlUl,e is availlble Oft n:quesc. Call : 534-22'" for more infor· 
maltOn. Student Center, Bu ild,", A, 1214. Free, 

Mon.·Thu. I O: .... m.·.:IIp .m. Fri.: IO: .. , .... ·l:OOp .... Sun.: 
5:00p.'Il.·8;00p.m.- FREE Indlvldual lutOrinl In all lower diviskwt 
M .. h. Biolo,y. Chcmi uy ECElCSE. Economle,. Physic •• and selec.e<I 
upper division cluses. 'The OASIS Undt:rJl'OW'd is katcd I' 1254 
Galbraith HIll. AU Students wckome! We want to help you. 12j4t 
Galbraith Hall. Free , 

MONDAY, MARCH 5 

I:Jep ... - INTERVIEWING SKILLS WORKSHOP. Doyou_ help 
in prtparinl for job inlCl'View.1 Caree, Servloel eeRier will provide tips 
Oft the best wlys 10 pr'ClCftt your quaJiffCIllonS and what kind ofineervic:w 
qUC$bont 10 upca. CarHr ServlOCS Ct.ncer. free. 

1:Jep.a. .. :GIp .... - DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS: For II<lp fondjn, 
dwnIJIepon.limccooplo)'mc .............. in' __ ...... .....,hioaf ... 
jo\Jo oe expJorin, prof._J oe .,..s-__ .nl ..... No 

_~ . .;.. ...... -in.c.-...... c.w. "-

TUESDAY, MARCH 6 

ll:I8p.. ... -J :OOp.m.-Failhful readers.. you've Ken lheSC advertise· 
ment evet"f "eck for ATSTOP, so .. hy haven', you made an appoint· 
ment' End procrastination and make In IpplinlOlCnt bycaUln, S34~ 1824 
or stop by Student Health. There's no time like the present! 

WEDNESDA Y, MARCH 7 

12:1Op. .... J:tOp.m.- Do ),OU know whal your lun, '11*i1Y IS? Whit 
about your &riP stren,th? To find QUt .bout this Ind other vltallnfonna-
lion, make an appointment (or FITSTOP. your ab50lulCly FREE fitnesl 
cVallialion! CoIl 534·1824 oe come by Su.scn' Heolobl 

7;1Op.m. - Sahaja Yo;a meelinl - LcclurclMaHlltion. Learn lCth· 
niqucslo reduce stress and IChieve balance and pel«. [ktlils. call VI· 
4983 eves. Pnce CentCf. Sintl 8il1bara Room. 

THURSDAY. MARCH 8 

t :00p.m.-3 •. ra.- Make yourbod)'happy and COIl'I( In 10 do ATSTOP! 
ThiJ fimelS assessment Is a deal of Ilif~time because it is FREE!! Come 
in 10 Student Ilea.Jth or cI1I534·18241O make an IlppolRtment for the 
health of iii 

COMMUTER NEWS 

TUESDAY, MARCH 6 

9:00..m..1. :OOa.m,-Come celebrale lhe end of the quaner :It the 
Wam:n Commuter Brunch Bonanz.a! Come 10 the: International Center 
and eal for only SI.OO! 

ORGANIZATIONAL MEETINGS 

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7 

..: .......... :00p.m.-The 1sr-ac1 Activitiu Commlllee has an InfOOll:A' 
don TlboIe up in Rev~lle: Plau.. Come and tall: wilh Jewish sndenrs lbou1 
Jewish bf~ on campusaoo opponunitiel for visitiniisnei. 

• RELIGIOUS FUNCTIONS 

TUESDA Y THROUGH SATURDAY 

5:00p.m.-CATHOUC MASS. SponlORd by .he Co.hoHc S.udenl 
Community at UCSD. Uni\-enily Lutheran Chureh. Camero( N. TCll'n:y 
Pines and ~ 1011. S_. Dri>e. 

TUESDAY, MARCH 6 

11:00p.m..I:OOp.m.-Wecldy TOI1Ih lIudy el." wllh R.bbi Dou, 
Slotnick, director of the Jewish Campus Centers It UCSD. All Il't 
wdcome "' this !CXI class about the ~k.ly Bible ponton studied by lhe 
Jewiih community. S02 M.o.nhcwL 

11:00p.m.-t:Mp.m.- Bible srudy. Enjoy a ,reat lime ~ud)'inl God', 
word and leaminllbout the ,ospc:l of salvltion our Lord Jesui ClQle 10 
aive. AU invited! Price Center Rm 5. 

6100p.m.-7: ..... m.--UNITED CAMPUS MINISTRY BIBLE RAP · 
there are only. few wecb left to our study o( the Gospel of Man. Join 
us u we study the life and lelchin,s of Jcsu,- Eve1')'ooc is wekx»mc:. 
Weekly mettines It Bid&- 502 MAAC. Campus Ministry OffICe. 

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7 

6:00p.m.-Dinner is served to itudents by iovine u'llherv\ lownspeople:. 
All are welcofne. UniversilY LUlhtran (.'hurch, ICf'OII the ~Iree' from 
Revelle Collea:c. 

1:00p.m.-~ Corinthians 13" is the coocludinc Bible sludy lopic Ihi, 
series. led by Campus Plstor John Huber. This is open 10 all. University 
LUlhcmn Church. otroSli lhe succt from Revelle College. 

9:3Op.m.-CANDLELIGHT MASS. A quiet. meditativc lime for sh.,.· 
ill!: withochen. Spons.orm by theCatholicSIude.ntCommunit'j at UCSO. 
University Lutheran Church. corner of N. Torrey Pines and La Jolla 
Shon:. Dr. 

THURSDA Y. MARCH 8 

7:JOp. .. - 81b1e Siudy-Episcopal coUele students.. Weekly Bible study 
and monthly evedt5. Info: Fr. Bill Makedy. S6S-6661. St. Eliubeth's 
Church, 2825 Merton Ave .. S.D. 

7:JOp. •. - BIBLE SnJOY; Join with mcmbcn of the Calholic Conwnu· 
nity for renection Ind shariOllbout lhe Upcominl Sunday ScriptureL 
Univershy Lutheran Churt.h. comer of N. TOfR:Y Pines and La loUI 
Shon:s Dr. 

FRIDA Y, MARCH 9 

7:00p.m.-SHABBAT SERVICE and dinner with Onee- Siudents or-
pnize warm and Intimate Shabbtt celebrltions. MandcviUe Suite, top 
nOOC'. Free. 

SUNDA Y, MARCH t 1 

.:00. .... ond 1.:I110 .... --Episcopal Church Wonhip Scrv;e<: Sundlly 
EuclwiSl ond pori'" f,IIow.hip. Good SlITIIIrioan Episcopol Chun:h. 
4321 EasIIIlC Mill. 

8 :JOa.m.-cA1ll0LlC MASS. Sponsored by .he C •• holk S.udeno 
CommunilY al UCSD. University Lutheran Chun:h, oomuof N. TOCTe.Y 
Pine. and ~ )011. S_. Dr. 
1.: ...... - Lulheran Communion scl'\lice and sem'Cln on ... Peter I." 
EvctyOftt: welcome. Univertity Lutheran OaIN\:h, KrosS lhe Imwt from 
ReveUe CoUe,e. 

11:ISa.m.- UCSD studeR! Juon Hafemdslcr liVes Lenlen readinl on 
·'C>ipll .... he H;,h Pri<" .... pon01. scricsol .................... Pu&Ion 
OramaofOuiw. A Ii,hllunch is 5Crved. Open lOall . Uftillershy Lulheran 
Oourdl. 

5: .... ~A TltOLIC "'ASS. Sponsored by .he c.ohoIle S.udenc 
Communil)' at UCSD. UnivttSity Luthel'in Church. comcr of N. Toney 
PIne. and ~ 1011. Shore. Dr 

':JIp. .. - Ecumcnk:ai Couples ha.,c a potluck supper in connernora-
tioco orst Pllrick ', Day. For infonnl'ion . coli P_ Huber. "~)61 . 
UnivctSi.y ..... 11<"" ChoIn:h fA""",.he _ fonn Revelle Col .... ). 
,:tIp.ca.-CA THOUC "'ASS. Sponoorod by .he Cooholk _ 
Conoa-..niry II UCSD. UnlvctSi.y .... IhmnChun. .... _of N. Tonqo 
I'IMI'" ..... 101 .. 5_ Dr. • • 

Monday, March 5,1990 

Religion 
Continued from page 11 
Karen Ro said. She is a Third Col-
lege sophomore who is actively in-
volved in the group. 

"Songs are one of the ways we 
expre s [our) gratitude and devo-
tion to God," Kim said. "Songs 
help us to worship God [and] ex-
press our thoughts and emotions in 
words and music. We praise God 
through songs." 

"I think the main point of our 
activities is not just to have a good 
time, but [also] a Biblical principle 
of fellowship that we want to en-
courage," Kim continued. "As 
Christians, we are called to love 
one another, and this gives us a 
chance to get together and express 
that," she said. 

Jill Armstrong, a junior at Muir 
College, became involved in the 
Navigators when a club member 
approached her on campus. "We 
met for lunch and that was how I 
got involved," Annstrong said. 
"She told me that what was impor-
tant was that I be involved in a 
Christian group, not necessarily 
the Navigators. That was one of 
the reasons I picked [this group], 
because she didn't say, 'You have 
to come to the Navigators. '" 

Students in the Navigators said 
the close fellowship among club 
members is one of the most vall!-
able aspects of membership. 

"In high school I had friends," 
Kim explained, "but Idon't think 1 
was ever as close to them as I am to 
these brothers and sisters that we 
have in Christ. They understand a 
lot of what I'm going through, and 
we have something more in com-
mon that just the same school or 
major. There's a love that [ can 
sense from them." 

"We are all working toward the 
same goal, and if one strays from 
that focus then the others can 
remind that person," explained Ben 
Kuo, a Third college junior. "We 
keep each other accountable." 

"How many people can say that 
they have friends or people who 
really care forthem?" Kim said. "1 
feel like I have that type of sup-
port." 

The Navigators is one of sev-
eral Christian groups on campus 
that evangelize to students. 

"I want to share God's love 
with others," Ro said. "It 's be-
cause God loves me that I want to 
love others and let others knc;>w 
God's love." 

The students said that approach-
ing strangers to talk about spiritual 
things was not easy for them. 

"It 's kind of frustrating," Ann-
strong said, "because we have 
something that we believe is so 
important to share and could be so 
beneficial, but we can ' tjust push it 
on somebody. If they say [they're] 
not interested in talking, I have to 
respect thal...even though [I] re-
aU y want to tell them becau e it's 
important." 

"It'sju tlikeifsomebody were 
drowning," Kim explained. "Imag-
ine your frustration if you tried to 
throw them the lifeline and the 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 13 

person rejected it. Then you tried 
to swim out there and bring him in, 
but he struggled and rejected your 
help. We believe that people really 
are dying. We believe that there is 
a Hell and that people will go there." 

"To contrast that," Kuo said, 
"it's like you have $ 10,000 to offer 
someone and you're giving it away 
without any obligation, but they 
don't want it. It's such a good 
thing, and [yet] they don't want it. 
That's frustrating." 

"However," Kim stated, "we 
don't do it out of obligation. A lot 
of times we're compelled to do so 
by our love." 

Ro agreed. "Sometimes I come 
back. feeling excited. I mean, it's 
exciting to ee that God can work 
in peoples' lives." 

Interested in writing for the 
features section? 

Then we are interested in 
you! 

Talk to Doreen or James 
534-5226 

ONE NUMBER DEUVERS TO MORO SAN DIEGO: 
492-2222 DINE-IN OR CAlITOUT ~,..IecII""" tile PFa ...... mt.nIt IN ounYiNG AREAS CAU: 

IIOIlH (GUIlTY AND oaAIISIDE EIKIITAS ESc:0IIIID0, fAllIIOOI AlII UMOU 
961...... M4-4m 43HS6S -.st,. 

lOoiIIIi.., --l'-
;------------------,------------------, I I • 
• Gel a M .... m IIll 1 III" : One MecliUli : 

a...se Pizza willi 
: 0.. ToppiIg of : Two ."'m 51399 • • Your CIIok, for OIly: : Meat Lover's® Pizzas : 
I ..... --... ~_"'Jr'..r. IiI. ...-... I I ::::':'::.:.=~O:"""r'..:'=.:.::., • :t:I:,;:.:!'C'i.. .. ~_:.,.-".... na........ I ... oIIasa ...... IWIIIII ......... _. ~ I SIt.IiIIIII .... ,_ ...... ~ .... ~....... ~ 
I :='~t-'-...... :0.-"; I ~~...... .. ... ~ -u..-... • 

.,... • 1/11............. ..... UI .. .---------.--------~.---------.-------



14 The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 5, 1990 

A. s. U C 5 
-Paid Advertisement-

AS PROGRAMMING 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
-TO FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS: 
-
- CALL THE A.S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-8433! -
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

A.S. PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE MTG. 
TUES., Mar. 6th AT 5:00 PM 

PRICE CENTER CONF. RM. 8 
ATIENTION LOCAL BANDS!!! 

SEND US YOU DEMOS NOWI 
ASUCSD PROGRAMMING AND UE & SA POP EVENTS 

ARE LOOKING FOR A FEW GOOD BANDS! 
PLEASE MAIL (OR DROP OFF) TO MATT/A.S. OFC 0 -077 

TGIF , '. , . 
MARCH 9th G~ 1> & i<;PS 

4:~.\J -
' iJ~uAE REr~ ~~HEGGAE REGGAE 

C REGGAE 

:--A:cr -CAM pCJs- -s-A-t-fl-E- -6-F -Y HE-·: 
: BANDS : 
: BEGINS APRIL 6th IN THE TRITON: 
• 
• 
• 
• 

PUB!!! • • 
• 
• MORE TO COME! 

- . 
• GET YOUR BATTLE OF THE BANDS APPLICATION • 
: @ THE A.S. OFFICES OR KSDT RADIO : 
-. LAST DAY TO TURN THEM IN IS MARCH 12th. 1990 • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A FUN WAY TO GET 
INVOVLED @UCSD? 

JOIN THE 1990 SUN GOD FESTIVAL 
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE 

This year we are doing everything differently ... 
-The majority of the festival is going to be held 

@ the Sun God 
-We are pushing to have music unW 1 :OOam 

The theme this year is.:. 
'~d now for something Completely different" 
We need your help if we are to make this festival the best 
one ever. We meet every Monday @ 4pm in the AS ofcs-
PC 3rd fir. Stop by or leave your name & pho# w /Patty 

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns, 
please call Molly @ 534-4450' 

Positions open at this time are: 
-Decorations @ Sun God Day Festival 
-Decorations at the Price Ctr. for night activities 
-PhySical planning & mapping/allotment space 
-Program & t-sWrt Graphics 
-Public Relations withe student orgnizations (2) 
-Local sponsorship sales representative 

If you aren't ready to make a time committment now, we 
will need people to help out during the spring qtr. as well. 

HeJp us to help you have a fantastic festival!! 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 
INTERNATIONAL CLUB presents AFRICAN NIGHT. Sun .• March 11 [rom 6-
8pm. FealuringAfrican music. dinner. African dancers. and a fashion show. 
Gel tickets in advance at the Int'l Clr. [or $3.00. Call X43730 [or more info. 
HAWAII CLUB is having a general mtg. on Tues .. March 6th @ 5pm in the PC 
Santa Cruz nn. We will be discuSSing plans for next qtr .• including taking 
a trip to UCLA Hawail Club's annualluau! Anyone interested is welcome. We 
will also have "local " snacks at the mlg. 
SeA COLLEGE OF ST. ARTEMUS: St. Artemus OayTomey & Revel. fighting. 
melees'. dancing. bardlc circle . Sat.. March 10th. W :OOam @ Stonehenge 
(behind Gailbrailh Hall) . 

611GLIBl~ DflllCll1G 
FI\I .. ]\It! 1\ Cil 9tl) 8 7:30»(1) 

FI\66111 
1\6C conF61\6nC6 1\00]\1 

no PJlI\Tnel\ n6ce,S,St!I\~ 
JILL D,lInC6S T,lIlleilT 

,SPonSOI\6D B!J 
I\ec DePT 6 FOLn D,anc6 CLllE 

f~p (I)~pe lJ)f~. ~all 452-2735 

... .A. ~ INTERNATIONAL WOMEN'S WEEK.A. ... .A. 
3/5-MON.-Roundtable Discussion "Favorite Women 

Writers" 7:00pm WRC/Women's Art-PC Lounge 
3/6- TUES.-"Palestinian & Irish Women: Speak Out on the 

Parallels of their Struggle" I Slide show 7pm TLH 104 
3f7· WED.-Chicana/Latina Performance Art 7pm-0ld Pub-Free 

featuring Josephina Lopez & Yare Ii Arizmendi 
3/8-THURS.-Video by Josephina Lopez @ PC Gallery "A" -noon 

·Simply Maria, or the Amer. Dream-an autObiography· 
3/9-FRI.-Live performance-Art & Poetry Reading with 

reception to follow. 8pm 'check WRC for location 
3/1D-SAT.-Women·s Film Festival-Free!!! n00n-11pm@ the PC 

Theatre. Check the theatre for specific times 
···co-sponsord by WRC,Womancare. Students for Pro-choice, 
ASUCSD, Visual Arts Dept. • GSA, & LAGO 

til 
PRESENTS 

r-T""-Z:---

.~S 
.4.0. 

TODAY' NOON' PRICE PLAZA 
DElIS. 
.PRESEJrrS 

UCSD TRITON PUB 
FRIOAY • MARCH 9. 8I'M' UCSDST. $6 • GEN£RAL" 

UCSO BOJe OFFICE. 534-4559 .1\iii5CP~" 

Monday, March 5, 1990 The UCSD Guardian IS 

L LET 
--Paid Advertisement-

PRESIDENTAL TASK FORCE ON HARASSMENT 
TIDS TASK FORCE SEEKS TO WORK TOWARD 

CHECK OUT 
THE VINYL BLOWOUT 

50 % OFF ALL IMPORT LP'S 
50 % OFF 100'5 of 

DOMESTIC LP'S 
20 % OFF USED LP'S 

ASSORTED UINYL WANTS YOUR USED CO'S 
BRING THEM IN RND WE'll BUY THEM FROM YOU 

DEPECBE MODE & 51NEAD O'CONNOR 
ARRIVING MARCH 20 • DURING FINALS WEEK 

ADVANCE ORDERS BEING TAKEN NOW 
ORDER NOW: GUARAJITEE YOUR COPY AND SAVE 

Assorted Vinyl 
TOP TEN !!! 

1. OINGO BOINGO "DARK AT THE END" " 
2. MIDNIGHT OIL "BLUE SKY MINING"" 
3 . PETER MURPHY "DEEP"" 
4. S.52'S "COSMIC THING"" 
5 . DAVID BOWIE "SPACE ODDiTY"" 
6 . DAVID BOWIE "THE MAN WHO SOLD ... ••• 
7 . DAVID BOWIE "HUNKY DORYu , 
8. PHIL COlliNS "BUT SERIOUSLY" 
9. DEPfCHE MODE ·PERSONAL JESUS' 
lO.MORRISSEY ·OUUA BOARD, OUUA aOARD" 

Located in Price Center ~ 
Hours: (0 &11 0) 

Monday - Friday 11-6 """0 

Now - - 1 2 .99 * * 

DISCOURAGING RACIAL AND SEXUAL INSENSITIVITY 
AND MAKING RACIAL AND SEXUAL HARASSMENT 
COMPLAINT RESOLUTION MORE ACCESSIBLE FOR 
THE UCSD COMMUNITY: AND TO PROVIDE INFO ON 

THOSE OFFICES AND ORGANIZATIONS AT UCSD 
WHICH SERVE THESE INTERESTS. WE SEEK 

STUDENTS TO WORK WITH THE TASK FORCE. 
CURRENT WORK IS BEGINNING ON SEXUAL 

HARASSMENT ISSUES. 
FOR MORE INFO, CONTACT AUGGIE OROZCO OR RUBEN 

DURAN IN THE A.S. OFFICE - 534-4450 

ASSISTANT 
STUDENT ADVOCATE 

Positions Available 
....... -

Assistant Advocates aid the A.S. Stu-
dent Advocate by helping individual 
students solve administrative problems 
and researching and reviewing cases 
and Univerisity policies. Experience 
is not required, nor is a huge time com-
mittment - only a willingness to work 
for student rights. 

Interested students should contact Joe 
Floren through the A.S. office on the 3rd 
floor of the Price Center, 534-4450. 

1.-----------------------------------------, 
I It's Here and it's New: 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

A.S Book Exchange 
Buy Sell Trade 

How to Sell a Book: Fill alit an exchange form and tum it into the A.S. Offices (Third Floor Price Center) 
I A Ji st of students selling individual books will be compiled from the slips. It doesn't hurt to try. Just fill out a form 
I and see what happens! 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Want to buy a Used Book: Just stop by the AS Office next quarter and obtain a book list for the book you 
want and then make a deal! 

For more info call 543-4450 and ask for Gloria Corral or James Reiner 
Fill the slip out and get ready to save money. 

I Name: 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Books for Sale (edition, etc.): 1. 
2. ----------------------------------------____ __ 
3. ------------------------------------------------4. ______________________________________________ ___ 
5. ______________________________________________ _ 

I Phone number: 
I I L _____________________________________ ___ _ ~ 



16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Triton Track and Field Sets Six School Records 
Given the opportunity, the 

UCSD track and field team turned 
Saturday's Aztec InVitational at 
San Diego State into its own per-
sonallittle highlight how. selling 
14 personal records , ix new hool 
record and qualifying one to the 
national . 

Rachel Beerman 's throw of 
146'2" in the discus made her the 
only new Triton qualifier for the 
Division ill track and field nation-
als. 

Teammate Shannon Quigley, 
who qualified in the first week of 
competition, surpassed both 
Beerman 's and her own previous 
marks with a throw of 160'0" in 
the same event. 

Similarly, on the men 's side, 
Scon Sargeant urpassed his own 
previous national qualifying mark 
with a throw of 182'3" in the ham-
mer. 

Six school records were also set 
on Saturday. For the men, Paul 

• 

Cogbill set a new record with his 
throw of 144 '0" in the discus. 

Quigley' mark in the discus 
and her throw of 46 '2" in the shot 
put were al 0 chool records, as 

Intercollegiate 
Update 

were Diane Fritz's timeof 15.96 in 
the 100 meter hurdles, her 17' I 1/ 
4" mark in the long jump, and 
Vicki Dunckley ' s 68.19 finish in 
the 400 meter hurdles. 

Personal records were set by 
Quigley (in two events), Beerman, 
Dunckley, Michelle Con lay ,Karen 
Longyear, and Jm Lyday for the 
women, and Cogbill, David Myers, 
Randy Lange, Grant Walkup, 
RogerWebb,Man Pizza, and Todd 
Thurman for the men. 

The Tritons return home to host 
their first meet in several years this 

Saturday on the brand new track in 
the North Campus Recreation Area. 

Saturday 's meet, which begins 
at 11 a.m., will include Claremont, 
Pomona-Pitzer, Redlands , and Cal 
State Fullerton, in addition to the 
Tritons. 

-<:omplltd by Phil Gruen 

Crew Sweeps Cal 
Poly SLO, Splits 
Races with UCSB 

Yesterday moming at Morro 
Bay, both the UCSD men's and 
women's crew teams swept the 
varsity, junior varsity, and novice 
divisions from Cal Poly San Luis 
Obispo. 

Against UC Santa Barbara, the 
junior varsity men and both th,. 
"A" and "B" women's novice 
teams came up winners. 

UCSD Women's Head Coach 
Jack Vallerga reported that the 
varsity and junior varsity women 

lost, as did the novice men in both 
the eights and fours . 

Women 's Tennis 
Tames Tigers 9-0 

The UCSD women's tennis 
team defeated the Occidental Ti-
gers 9-0, Saturday afternoon at 
Eagle Rock. 

Number one singles player 
Christine Behrens dispatched her 
opponent 6-0, 7-6. 

Number two player Robyn 10-
aba was forced into the only three-
set match of the day, but still 
emerged victorious, 4-6, 6-3, 6-2. 

In number one doubles, Behrens 
and Susan Carney teamed up to 
knock off their opponents 6-2, 6-3. 

Inaba and Janet Whalen com-
bined to defeat their opponents by 
an identical score of 6-2, 6-3 in 
number two doubles. 
-<:ompl .... by Dana Chaiken, Sporn Edilor 

and Pete Ko, A.srocWt Sporn Edilor 

nceson 
e ucation. 

Was $1040 
NOW $960 Was $2146 

NOW $1895 
IInciudes 20MB 
hard drive) 

Announcing new lower prices on the Madntosh SE 
and Macintosh Plus. 

If voud like to enhance \our education 
and your budget, rake note. \\~ just lowered 
prices on two powerKIl members of our 
:\lacintosh'" frunih; the MaclIltosh SE and 
the Macillto h Plus, 

They'lI put a world of possibilities at 
your fingeru[JS, Uke graphing the economic 
Impact of Japanese expansioni m. Analyz-
ing Freud, Or jUM organizing that stack of 
notes, Better yet, once you've mastered one 
appltcatlon you can use them al l, because 

all ~1acmtosh software works the sam W(j)~ 
Andince even Macintosh runs tl1e same 
sofuvare and is expandable, it can grow 
with you ~ your needs change. 

Considering all dli , you should have 
no doubts about which course to take, Give 
a ~1aci nto h a try, and save. 

" The pavver to be your best~ 

;; ... mi 
Computer Center 534-4291 

Monday, March 5, 1990 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulations: 
• Send the entry 011 an 8 112" by 

J 1" sheet of paper along with your 
name, year in school, hometown, 
college you attend at UCSD. ma-
jor, address, and phone number to 
Sports Editor, UCSD Guardian, 
8 -016, La Jolla , CA 92093. You 
can also drop it off in the sports 
editor's box at the Guardian of-
fice , located on the second floor of 
the Old Student C elller, across from 
the gym. 

• All UCSD studellls, staff, and 
faculty are eligible to enter, except 
for Guardian staff members and 
employees of Bl' s Chicago Pizze-
ria. 

• The person who comes up with 
the most correct entries, as deter-
mined by the judges, will be de-
clared the grand prize winner and 
will be recognized when the quiz is 
printed the following week. In the 
event of a tie, a drawing will be 
held to determine the grand prize 
winner. Those correct entries not 
selected as the grand prize winner 
will be considered rUllners-up. 

• Only one entry per person, per 
week. Entries must be at the Guard-
ian by 5 p.m. on Saturday. 

• The grand prize winner will 
receive two $5 gift certi/icatesfrom 
Bl's.Runners-upcanobtainafree 
pitcher of either Michelob Draft or 
soda when dining at Bl's Chicago 
Pizzeria, located in La lolla Vil-
lage Square. 

This week's questions: 
1. Who holds the record for most 

strikeouts in a major-league game? 
2. Who pitched the only perfect 

game in World Series history? 
3. What Royals' player was most 

involved in the famous "Pine-Tar" 
incident of 1983? 

4. What was the major league 's 
first domed sladium? 

5. Who hit a home run in the ninth 
inning of the first game of the 1988 
World Series? 

6. Winter Haven 's ballclub in the 
Senior Professional Baseball Associa-
tion has what nickname? 

7. True or False: Fred McGriff 
was named the AL's MVP in 1989. 

8. 1989's NBA Eastern Confer-
ence Finals featured what two teams? 

9. Trueorfalse: Ted Williams was 
I once married to Marilyn Monroe. 

10. Which Triton ba eball pitcher 
I picked up his first save on Saturday at 

CSUSB? 
Last week 's answers: 
1. Phil and Steve 
2. Track & Field 
3. False 
4. Four (lOOm, 200m, 4x I OOm 

relay, long jump) 
5. Pat Riley 
6. Bob Beamon 
7. C) 13 
8. Swimming, biking, running 
9. True 
LO. Michelle Conlay, Shannon 

Quigley, and SCOII Sargeant 
Last week's winner: 
Ezra Felker 
Junior, Warren, Biology 
San Diego, CA 
Runners-up: II people 

Monday, March 5, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Men's Lacrosse Falls to Defending 
League Champion Whittier, 13-12 
By SRINATH SANDA 
Staff Writer 

TheUCSDmen'slacrosseteam 
played its most awaited rematch of 
the season, taking on top-ranked 
Whittier College Saturday. While 
the Tritons (6-2) put on an impres-
si ve offensi ve and defensi ve show, 
they still fell to the Poets 13-12. 

Last year, in the Western Colle-
giate Lacrosse League playoffs, 
unbeaten UCSD lost in the second 
round of the playoffs to eventual 
champion Whittier. 

"Whittier is the deepest and 
strongest offensive team in the 
league. They don't have any real 
weaknesses and have dominated 
the league for the past few years," 
Triton Coach Bob MacLeod said 
before the game. " We need todomi-

nate the game physically and keep 
them under control in orderto win." 

UCSD was immediately suc-
cessful in this strategy, as they 
opened the game with an aggres-
sive offense that saw Juan Millan 
score the first goal with barely a 
minute gone by. 

After that, a smooth and con-
trolled passing game allowed the 
Tritons to take offensive control of 
the game. They led 7-5 at halftime. 

"Our defense, along with our 
ball control, was the key. Our de-
fense played very well all game, 
particularly in the first half," 
MacLeod remarked. 

The Whittier offense, however, 
would not bedenied, as they opened 
up the second half by scoring five 
unanswered goals to take a 10-8 
lead by the end of the third quarter. 

"They were gelling most of the 
ground balls and were able to pick 
up the pace of the game," MacLeod 
said. 

The two-goal margin at the 
opening of the fourth quaI1er was 
the closest the Tritons could get 
until Chad Taylor scored with just 
under two minutes left to pull the 
Tritons within one at 13- 12 . 
UCSD's rally was cut short, how-
ever, as time expired. 

Despite the loss, MacLeod 
remained optimistic. " We played 
close to our best and had our 
chances in this game. We defi-
nitely proved that we are in the 
same class as a team like Whit-
tier." 

The Tritons host Manhattanville 
Thursday at 3:00 p.m. at Pryatel 
Field. 

SPORTS 17 

Doug Shaddle powered his way past this Poet, but the Tritons 
were unable ta avenge last year's playoff loss to Whittier College. 

IlIslrllcl()r's C'()UrSe Retlders 
Just minutes from camgus in Holiday Court 

SAN DIEGO'S MOST UNIQUE LIQUOR STORE 
• OUTSTANDING SELECTiON Of FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC WINES, 

BEERS l UQUORS - INTERNATIONAL a. OUT-Of-STATE NEWSPAPERS 
GOURMET FOODS FROM HOMEMADE TO DECADENT 

.LOTTO .LomRY .BUD'S SAN fRANCISCO tCE CREAM PARLOR 

WE HA VE THE BEST SELECnON IN SAN DIEGO 
.MOVIE RENTALS .POPCORN -IMPORTED CHOCOLATES 

We packaee and ship anywhere! 
FREE DELIVERY in La Joll~ Golden Trianele 

area on all orders 0[$35 and over 

OPEN: SUN.·THURS, 6 om-Mid., FRI,·SAT. 6 am·2 am 3251 HoIldaV Court 0/1 Vitia La Jolla 455· 14t4 

e 
• 

• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

ceo none. 
Now, you and a fr iend can 

each enjoy California's most con· 
venient checking free of monthly 
service charges' for a year. 

Just come in and open any 
new personal checking account, 
rhen refer a friend who's n w 
r BofA. When your friend 
opens an accounr, you'll ach 
ger your 'hecking free . 

If you alread have a Buf 
checking accounr, you can srill 

check free. JUS( send us a new 
cu ' tomer, and we'll give you 
each free personal checking for 
a year. Plus all rhe convenience 
of CaIi fornia's largest branch and 
fu ll· service ATM network. 

Add it all up and you' lI set' 
why now, more than ever, &)fA 
checking is checking wonh 
telling your friends about. For 
more information. srop b any 
Bank of America branch, 

m 
Bank of America 

Doing the job for more Californians. 

Cat Copy • • • • 
• 

• SELF SERVICE COPIERS • 
• VOLUME DISCOUNTS • 

• • PROFESSORS NOTES I 
• Free Parking • 

• • Book Binding 
• • 
• 

Hours: MOII.·Thu. 8:30-6:30; Fri. 8:304; .... 12-4 • 

1\U)k~lIAnlt.'rk~I!,\I~ "'\ \klll~ 



-. 

18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 5, 1990 

INTERCOLLEGIATE SCORES Softball Friday 
First Game INTERCOLLEGlA TE 

Softball Saturday 
First Game 

Baseball Saturday 
First Game 

MEN'S AND WOMEN'S CREW RECORDS & RANKINGS Cal Lutheran 9, UCSD 1 UCSD 9, Whittier 2 UCSD 7, CSUSB 3 UCSD vietones YS. f",aJ Poly SLO: 
• all races 

UCSD vietoriM \'S. UC Santa Barbara: 
• JV men, Novice women (A and B) 

lfL I= 
WOMEN'S T£NNIS 

UCSD d. Occidental, 9-0 
UCSD wlnno .. : Be~,.ns , lnaba, carney, 
Lynch, Haas, Diehls , BehrensICamey, 
InabalWhaJen, DiehlslH ••• 

TRACK6AELO 
Aztec Invttatlonal at SOSU: 
Qualified ono 10 NatIOnals (Aacl>el 
Beerman): sel fourteen personal ,ecords 
and six ochool records. 

XTRAMURAL SCORES 

Baseball 6 6 0 
Basketball (M) 20 7 0 
Golf 3 2 0 
Softball 2 6 0 
Tennis(M) 2 4 0 
Ttnnis(W) 7 1 0 
Volleyball (M) 0 13 0 

F Xtramural Records 

17th 
15th 
-

-

5th 
1st 
20th 

'" 

Cal Lu 400 014 0- 9 111 
UCSD 000 000 1-1 4 6 

Pilkington and Aschenbach, Fuller (6). 
Fogg, Stutzman (5) and Kehr. WP- Pilk-
ington. LP- Fogg (0-2). 
Second Game 
Cal Lutheran 6, UCSD 4 

Whittier 100 010 0 - 2 4 11 
UCSD 510111 x-992 

MilChell and Taylor. Stutman and Les-
chhom. WP-Stutzman (2-0), LP- Mitch-
ell, 
Second Game 
Whittier 6, UCSD 0 

UCSD 200 030 002-710 0 
CSUSB 000 000 030-3 5 4 
Eaton, Morgan (7) and Sanchez. Aguiar, 
Ganno (5) and Parrick, WP-Eaton (2-0). 
LP- Aguiar(I - I), 

Second Game 
UCSD 9, CSUSB 7 

MEN'S LACflOSSE l!LI Cal Lu 004 002 0- 6 111 UCSD 003 100 0- 4 4 4 Whittier 000 320 1 - 6 12 1 UCSD 000 000 0 - 0 6 2 
UCSD 010 134 000 -9 12 3 
CSUSB 003000 013 -7 11 4 

Whittie, 13. UCSD 12 
WOMEN'S LACROSSE 

A".ona Slale 5, UCSD 4 
Uni""I1II1)' of Arizona 8, UCSD 6 

RUGBY 
CSU Fullerton 15, UCSO '2 

Lacrosse (M) 
Lacrosse (W) 
Rugby 

"-

6 2 
2 5 
3 5 

0 
0 
0 

./ 

Stevens and Aschenbach. 1.. Moreno, D. 
Moreno (4) and Kehr. WP-Stevens. LP-
L. Moreno (0-3). 

Dietrich and Taylor. Fogg, L. Moreno (4) 
and Leschhom. WP-Dieuich. LP- Fogg 
(0-3). 

Rupkey, Morgan (7), Fisher (9) and San-
chez. Kay, Pickowitz (5), Brennan (6), Pe-
ters (9) and Sayer. WP- Rupkey (3-2). 
LP- Kay (0-2). 

8 roundtrip airfares on 
.... Northwest Airlines. 

.' . 'c ., • • 

S, not JUSt a 'grear ~. 
t.s a great expenence. 

Only for student American Express® Cardmembers. 
Apply for the American Express~ Card. 
Then get ready to take off. In search of 
adventure, action-or just simply to escape. 

American Express and Northwest 
Airlines have arranged these exrraordinary 
travel privileges on Nonhwest-exclusively 
for student Card members: 
• CERTIFICATES VALID FOR THE PURCHASE 
OF lWO $118 ROUNDTRIP TICKETS- to many 
of the more than 180 cities in the 48 contig-
uous United States served by Northwest. 
Each certificate is good for a six-month 
period, and they will arrive within six 
·weeks after you receive the Card. Current 
Cardmembers will automatically receive 
their $118 certificates by March 15, 1990 
provided they are still full time students~ 

. 10% OFF ANY NORTHWEST FLIGHT-with 
your own personalized discount card, valid 
throughJanuary 1991 on all Northwest and 
Northwest Alrlink flights. (This discount 
is not applicable to the $118 srudent 
certificates and ocher certificates, 
promotional or special status airfares.) 
• 2.500 BONUS MILES TOWARDS FREE TRAVEL-
when you enroll in Northwest's WorldPerks~ 
Free Travel Program. 

AND NOW BECOMING A CARDMEMBER 
IS AS EASY AS A TELEPHONE CALL. 

Just pick up the phone, call 1-800-942-
AMEX, and talk to us. We'll take your 
application and begin to process it 
immediately. (If you have your banking 
information handy, like your account 
number and bank address, it will help 

APPLY TODAY 

1-800-942 -AMEX 

speed the process.} 
Keep in mind that our Automatic 

Acceptance Program makes it easier for 
you to become a Cardmember now, as a 
srudent, than it will ever be again. 

And remember that as a Cardmem-
ber you'll enjoy all the exceptional benefits 
and personal service you would expect from 
American Express. 

So don't miss out on a world of great 
experiences. Pick up the phone. Apply for 
the Card. And start packing! 

Membership Has Its Privileges-

~ 
NORTHWEST 

AIRLINES 

"If you are already a student Amencan Express Card member and have a question about thiS program, please send your written que tlon, a copy of your tudem 10 and class schedule to Amencan Express, PO Box 35029. 
Attn Student Marketing, Greensboro. NC 27425 Fare IS for roundtnp travel on Northwest Airlines Tickets musl be purchased within 24 hour after making reservation Fares are nonrefundable and no itinerary cha nges 
may be made after purchase. Seats at this fare are hmlled and may not be available when you clllt Travel mUSI onginate by certificate expiration date and be compleled within 60 days of that date. Travel may not be avaIlable 
between CltleS 10 whIch Northwesl docs not have published routings City fud surcharges nOI included in fare (rom Boston ($2 50). Chi ago ($5 (0), Denvcr 1$200) and Flonda CHics ($2 00) emln blackout dates and 
other restriCtIOns may apply For complete offcr details, caU 1·800·942 AMEX C 1990 Amencan Express Travel Related Services ompany, Inc 

THE AMERICAN EXPRE S· ARD FOR STUDENTS MORE THAN EVER . 

Monday, March 5, 1990 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

Tritons Swept by NAIA Cal Lutheran, Split with Division III Whittier 

Softball Drops Three of Four Over Weekend 
By ERIC BROSIO 
Staff Writer 

Heading into this past 
weekend 'scompelition, the UCSD 
softball team expected to do well 
against its first Divi ion ill com-
petition of the season. 

With IwO games on Friday 
against NAJA Cal Lutheran in 
preparation for another double-
header Saturday against a weak 
Division ill Whittier learn, the Tri-
tons had a chance to cross the .500 
mark. 

Instead, their record dropped to 
2-6, as they could manage only one 
victory the entire weekend. 

In the first game against the Cal 
Lutheran Regals, UCS)) scraped 
together only one run, an unearned 
one in the bottom of the eventh, 
and lost 9-1. 

Regal pitcher Dee Pilkington 
kept the Triton hitters at bay, al-
lowing only four hits while going 
the entire distance for the victory. 

Triton starting pitcher Kathy 
Fogg (0-2) and reliever Kim 
Stutzman allowed only three 
earned runs between them, but six 
UCSD errors allowed Cal Lutheron 
to push across six unearned runs. 

In the nightcap, the UCSD bats 
still couldn't find the holes as the 
Tritons again managed only four 
hits in a 6-4 loss. 

As in the fi rst game, the Tritons 
found themselves trailing by four 
runs. 

This time, however, UCSD 
fought back immediately, tying the 
game at four apiece in the bottom 
of the fourth. 

The Regals capitalized on a 
Triton error to start a two-run roily 
in the fifth to regain a lead they 
would not give up. 

While UCSD struggled for a 
mere eight base hits on the day, the 
Regals pounded out 22. 

Junior Lynn Moreno (0-3) was 
bounced around for four runs in 
three innings, before yielding to 
her sister, Dianna Moreno, who 
extinguished the Regal rally. 

InSaturday'smatchupwith the 
Whittier Poets, it looked as though 
UCSD might finally sweep a dou-
bleheader of its own. 

By the end of two innings in Ihe 
opener, the Tritons built a 6-1 lead, 
and then relied on Kim Stutzman's 
pitching performance. Stutzman 
threw all seven innlDgs and al-
lowed only four hits in UCSD's 9-
2 victory. 

Stutzman, the Tritons' only 
first-year pitcher, has recorded the 
team's only two victories of the 
season, while managing to avoid 
being tagged with one of the six 
losses. 

Judging from the ease of the 
first-game victory, the Tritons 
seemingl y had the second game in 
the bag, 

Triton Head Coach Sal Coats 
was so confident of the victory that 
she penned in only two veterans in 
the starting line-up. 

The first three innings of the 
second game were scoreless, bul 
when the runs started coming, they 
all came from Whittier, which de-
feated UCSD for the first time in 
severol seasons, 6-0. 

On the whole, it was a dismal 

perfonnance by the Tritons. On 
three separate occasions, UCSD 
had runners on second and third 
with two outs and couldn't score. 
By the end of five innings, they 
had stranded eight runners on base. 

The Tritons committeq numer-
ous physical and mental errors in 
the field, as well as on the bases. 
including a missed signal on an at-
tempted hit and run thai resulted in 
a picked off runner instead of one 
on third with no one out. 

Coats was di turbed with her 
players' lack of concentrotion. 

"Friday was just ugly. I don't 
know what happened," Coats said. 
"We have so much talent, but there 
is just a complete lack of concen-
tration and intensity on the field 
and at the pI ale. 

"There is no excuse for it," he 
emphasized. 

Greg Benes/Guardian 
First-year pitcher Kim Stutzman beat Whittier to go 2-0 and has recorded UCSD's only two victories. 

Spring 
Sidewalk 
Sale 
at the University Bookstore 

Great prices on selected sportswear! 
March 19-23 

9 a.m. - 4 p.m. 
Price Center Plaza 

Check out our fantastic selection of 
shorts, t-shirts, sweats, swimwear, 
exercise wear and more! 

Hurry in for best selection! 

L\I\IHSIIT 

BOO 1\510 I(E 534-READ 
L.JCSD While quantities last. Selected merchandise only. 



20 CLASSIFIEDS 

Classified advertising Is sold In 15-
word Increments. The rate per 15 
words Is $1 for students, $3 for facu Ity 
and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
In advance Is required ; therefore, 
ads must be mailed with a check 
(made payable to The UCSD 
Guardian) or presented In person. 
Please have exact change. Deadlines 
are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
paper and 3 p.m. Monday for 
Thursday' s paper. Tha Guardian 
raserves the right to refuse eny 
advertising Including but not limited 
to companionship ads. For more 
Information cell 534-5416. The 
Guardian, UCSD, B"()16, Ls Jolle, CA 
92093. 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth , education. prayer. socializing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Students! 
502 Matthews; east olthe Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick. 534-2521 . (1/4-3/ 
12) 
WORD PROCESSING, term papers. 
experienced dissertation. 7 days a 
week. 4.0 English Skills, references. 
755-2683. (215-3112) 
ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT -
FISHERIES. Earn $600+/week in 
cannery. $8000 . $12,000 + for two 
months on fishing vessel. Over 8.000 
openings. No experienced necessary. 
Male or female . For 68-page 
employment booklet. send $6.95 to M&L 
Research, Box 84008. Seattle. WA 
98124 - 30 day. unconditional. 100% 
money back guarantee. (2/20-315) 
AUSTRALIA STUDY ABROAD. Apply 
now for summer or fall 1990. 1 or 2 
semesters: classes or internships. 4 
week summer program to the Great 
Barner Reef. For Info on the BEST 
study abroad program In the world call 
Curtin University. 1-800-245-2575. (31 
1-315) 
Skydive today at Skydiving Adventures 
- student discounts. For further info call 
1-800-526-9682. (3/1-3/12) 

·Prayer That Makes a Difference·. Free 
Christian Science Lecture. Berkeley 
Room. Mon. March 12. 5:30 p.m. All are 
welcome. (315) 

Full Set .................. $17.95 reg. $25 
Fills ........................ 511.95 reg. $15 
Fiberglass ._ .......... $29.95 reg. $35 
ManIcure/Pedicure $14.95 reg. $18 
Fiberglass fill ........ $14.95 reg. $20 
Silk Wrap ............... $24.95 reg. $30 

~2,OO off any new repai!J 
First-time clients only· Expires 3/19/90 

1231 Gamet, Pacific Beech 
274-8205 

(between Fanuel & Everts) 
WaIk·ins wek:ome ' Mon.·Sat. 9 am-7 p.m. 

kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Ville La Jolle Dr, 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 5, 1990 

Classifieds 
Monday Night is UCSD College Night 
at Torrey·s. In the Marriot Hotel. Free 
appetizers and UCSD Drink ::.pecials. 
COME ON DOWNI (315-3112) 

ALL YOU CAN EAT FOR $3_85. 
Saturday 11 :30 - 2:30. Corner of 
Regents and Governor. Panda House. 
Mandarin & Szechwan Cuisine. See 
display ad for more info. (3/5-3112) 
POJOMEMA (315) 
A FREE GIFT JUST FOR CALLING. 
PLUS RAISE UP TO $1,700 IN ONLY 
10 DAYS. Student groups. frats. and 
sororities needed for marketing project 
on campus. For details plus your FRE E 
GIFT, Group officers call 1-800-765-
8472 Ext 50. (315-4/5) 
OK you RISC-ers!! Just about 8 tix left 
for Sun Valley Ski Trip: March 24th -
31 st, only $349, 5daysofpowderskilng 
and radical nights! MANDATORY 
meeting Wed. 7th. Rec. Conf. Rm. 8 :15 
p.m. (315) 
Revelle College Council (RCC) is now 
accepting applications for the immediate 
appointment of an RCC member. 
Interested? Stop by the Dean's office 
and pick up the application. (315-3/8) 
STUDY INTERNSHIPS: Paris. London. 
• . Info SeSSion, Boston University rep, 
Monday, 315 International Center Ubrary 
12:00. (315) 
UCSD Sailing Team meeting Wed. 
March 7. 6 p.m. USB 4020A. (315) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari Electrologist. 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-
1962. (1/4-3/12) 
PASSPORT PICTURES I New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you walt. 
Xeroxes and more. Near S1. Germains . 
452-9949. (10/9-3112) 

---'-----

TYPINGlWORD PROCESSING. One 
Day Service. Free Editing. $1.75 per 
page. Calf Ann 229-9119. (1122-3112) 
TYPINGlIll'lftype yourtermpapers etc. 
quickly and inexpensively. Laserprinter. 
Call Jennifer: 558-6090. (2112-3112) 
WORD PROCESSING . TERM 
PAPERS, EXPERIENCED 
D ISSERTA TIONS. seven days a week, 
4.0 Englishskilfs. references. 755-2683. 
(2115-4/5) 
Typinglword processing. Term papers. 
theses, resumes. Good work, good 
rates. Near UCSD. Barbara, 453-0592. 
(2126-3112) 
Typing/Word Processing : Academic 
manuscripts. papers. theses. letters, 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (2126-3112) 
FEEL CONFIDENT IN FRENCH I 
Practice more for exams or trip to 
France. Alliance Francaise. 278-7863. 
(311-3112) 
PAPERS TYPED! Quick & affordable! 
$2Ityped double-spaced page. Call LJ 
Colony Resumes & Professional Typing 
Services, 455-8357. One-day service 
available. Laser Printingl Choice of 35 
typestyles! (3/5-3112) 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

( \1' I" 111<'" 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North #315 

Polish your prosel Editing. 
proofreading. expert word processing. 
Merilee's Editorial Services. 277 -9229 
after 3 p.m. (315-4/5) 

WANTED 
Earn $75.00. Subjects wanled for a 
study on the effects of alcohol. If you 
are a UCSD student or non-academic 
staff. American born male of entirely 
Japanese, Chinese. or Korean descent, 
call Scripps Clinic and Research 
Foundation for more information, 554-
2192. (1/4-3112) 

Summer management internship 
interviews now taking place. Gain 
valuable experience managing a team 
of employees. customers. and 
suppliers. Successful applicants 
undergo extensive training . Average 
earnings $6-10.000. Call ·Student 
Painters" 1-800-426-6441 . (2122-3/5) 

ARE YOU ALLERGIC TO POLLENS, 
ANIMALS OR DUST? NEEDED NOW: 
Males with allergies or hay-fever. aged 
18-35 for a FREE brief study of a new. 
very long-lasting, safe allergy 
medication. (619)277-2740. (2126-3/8) 

Infant care in my Del Mar home. 
Experienced I Need own car. 1-3 day/ 
week. 755-6172. (311-3112) 
Busy Food-Sales executive for 
restaurants . who has office in home 
near UCSD, has immediate opening 
for Part-time customer service/ 
secretary. Duties inetude phone orders, 
order input and light typing. Must have 
good verbal + phone skills . For 
consideration please call Rich Jersey 
457-4900. (311-315) 

Administrative Assistant: Perform all 
secretarial tasks (light typing. answering 
phones. market research) for high 
energy con~pany. Need dependable. 
enthusiastic. hard working individual. 
lots of action. 40 hrs. a week. 8-5 M-F. 
Flexible for one or two classes. Scripps 
Ranch location. $7.00 per hour. Ruth 
586-1111 . (311-3/8) 

Actresses and Actors of JAPANESE 
DESCENT. Desired for student film 
centering on time as related to 
Japanese culture. If interested call 
Robert 792-8823. (311-3/5) 
JOBS JOBS JOBS. $71hr + bonus, on 
campus , flexible hours . Outgoing 
students call today. 587-1585. (3/5-3/ 
12) 

Experienced umpires wanted for La 
Jolla Little League. Great pay. Calf 
John at 693-8791 . (3/5) 

Need Infant Care in my Del Mar home. 
Experienced. Own Car. 1-3 days/week. 
755-6172. (3/5-4116) 

HOME CARE GIVERS NEEDED. The 
Early Childhood Education Center is 
seeking full time infantlloddler child 
care providers in University residential 
housing for the UCSD InfanVToddler 
Family Day Care Referral Program. 
Contact : Pat Dalton, Ed.D. Program 
Coordinator 534-7740 M-F 7:30a.m. -
4:00 p.m. Bldg. 508 MMC. (315-419) 

Lillick & McHose 
Law Finn 

If you are interested in 
subletting your furnished 
apartment or have a room 

to rent from May to August, 
please call Tammy at 

544-3132 or 234-5000. 

GREAT STUDENT JOBS $5-$7/Hour. 
Atech Software, located in Carlsbad. is 
in immediate need of part-time workers. 
You must be a hard worker and able to 
work between 10-20 hours per week. 
TECHNICAL PHONE SUPPORT: Help 
customers learn how to use our 
software. Be a troubleshooter. T achnical 
background and good communication 
skills required. SOFTWARE TESTERS: 
Test our newest software for bugs. Be 
a Detective. Tachnical background and 
experience with the IBM PC required. 
ORDER TAKERS: answer our sales 
lines and write up customer orders . 
Learn our products . Good 
communication skills and some sales 
experience preferred. PRODUCTION! 
SHIPPING CLERK: Helpus puttogether 
and ship software products allover the 
world. Must be fast , careful, and take 
pride in your work. No experience 
necessary. Call Nancy at 438-5004 for 
a phone interview. (315-3/8) 
Kirby's Cafe. Del Mar, is now hiring 
bussers and experienced servers for 
weekend (day and evening) shifts. Apply 
in person. 215 Fifteenth St.. Del Mar. 
(315-3/8) 
Computer Rental Rep. Full time 
opening. Aexible hours. Interest in 
hardware and software. neads business 
and people skils and clean DMV record. 
$8.25 start. Call : Gail 576-8500. (315) 
COMM or POLl SCI intemslvolunteers 
wanted immediately for statewide ballot 
measure campaign. Coordinate 
speakers bureau. campaign 
communications and major media 
events . Excellent organizational , 
written. and oral communicalion skills 
required. Will work w~h political and 
community leaders in San Diego and 
Orange County. 20 hours/Week through 
June 5. with potential for academic credit 
in Spring. Contact 233-6167 for 
interview. (3/5) 
Earn $$$ Registering Democrats to 
vote. Call 238-1174 today. (3/5) 

Volunteers needed for contact lens 
study. Must have itchy eyes and 
moderate discomfort with contact lens 
wear. Payment is $160.00 for 4 visits. 
Please call Claudia Johns or Dr. 
Friedlaender at Scripps Clinic at 554-
2248. (3/5) 
Asthma Research. Mild to moderate 
asthmatics are needed to help evaluate 
new medications. Earn up to $250 and 
receive a free physical and medications. 
Clinical Trials Center. Phone 294-3787. 
(3/5-4130) 
$5lhr. for right-handed native speakers 
of English to participate in Brainwave 
studies. Call 453-4100 ext 422. (3/5) 

FOR SALE 
Kenwood KDG-80, CD Player for car, 
pull-out chassis. new sleeve, ask for 
Antony, 587-1 932, $300. (2126-315) 
Al Futon and Frame $95. Nearcarnpus. 
Can deliver. 268-0814. (2126-419) 
FutonlFramelOuaiity. Full $1 00, Queen 
$115. Also Queen bed $150. Twin $95. 
delivery 284-6222. (311-3112) 
GUESS Jacket. unique red leather lrim 
Men's medium. $75 o.b.o. Matt 558-
8509. (315) 
Nissan Sentra '83 excellent condition . 
Fully loaded $2000 o.b.o. Must sell 
450-1712 8vanings . 558-8174 
message. (315-318) 

HOUSING 
Summer sublet wanted . UCLA law 
couple. Bobbie - day (213)206-1953. 
Joe -eves. (213)391-2558. (2115-3112) 
RoomforRENT!500yardsfromcampus 
in large Cooed. All-student house. 
Private pool. fireplace. washer/dryer. 
Available March 1 s1. $350/mon + 1/6 
utilities. Call Sandra 457-7777. (2126-31 
3) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED NOWI Own 
room in Claire mont house. 285 plus 1/ 
3 uti I. Lots of space. Big bat:kyard. 10 
minutes 10 school . Close to everything. 
Share with 2 seniors. John 273-2145. 
(311-318) 

FREE HOUSING OR SALARY. (Your 
choice) in return for helping disabled 
student with personal care. 2-5 hours a 
day, staggered. Live-in position. Some 
assisted lifting. Female. nonsmoker. 
Julie 458-9748. (311-3/12) 

Christian Female roommates wanted. 
Ownroom-$310. Share-$265. Next to 
campus. Amenities. 558-2082. (315) 

Master bedroom for rent in house five 
miles from UCSD. Available April 1 -
June 30. Own bath. One or two 
occupants. $300 per month plus 114 
util. Call Rob 549-8359. (315-3112) 

Share quiet. sunny 2 bedroom apt. on 
Sapphire. Laundry, view. gas stove. 
$350. Jamie 273-2867. (315) 

Own room in UC house. $320/month. 
Female, non-smoker. 558-1 972, try 
evenings. (3/5-3/12) 

Roommate wanted : 4 bedrooml2 bath 
Clairemont house. $223/month (own 
room). Call 541-2073. (315-318) 

Roommale wanted : own room in 3 
bedroom house nearWindansea. $400/ 
month. Exc.location. 454-6261 . (3/5-3/ 
8) 
In Mira Mesa all upstairs. 2 BR., 1 BA. 
large living, kitchen, wash/dryer, canyon 
view. near bus. 1-5. 1-805.15 minutes to 
UCSD. $300 a room. Rant 271-7260/ 
534-2858. (3/5) 
Roommate wanted. $250 perIMo. Non-
smoker. W. Mission Valley Area. 291-
2071 . J.D. or John. Ideal situation. (315) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Lost: Silver butterfly-link bracelet. 
Rewardl Call 558-6692. (3/1-315) 
LOST: Gold triangle-shaped sorority 
pin. Has three pearls and letters SK on 
it. Initials on backside are M .M.P. 
REWARD . Please call 558-7183 if 
found . (3/5-318) 
LOST: gold square-face Casio walch. 
Last seen at Price Center 2116. Call 
Damis 453-0236. (315-3/8) . 

PERSONALS 
Nature Photography Exhibit for Muir's 
Open House. Deadline for entries: 
march 9. 4:30pm. CoIoror B&W photos. 
Contact Karen at 534-4965. (311-5) 
Revelle College Council (RCC) is now 
accepting applications for the immediate 
appointment of an RCC member. 
Interested? Stop by the Dean's office 
and pick up the application. (315-3/8) 

PaperTiger 
Fast, accurate documents, 

term papers, resumes, ads, 
graphiCS. 300-dpi 

laser printing 24-hour 
service. $2.25 / page 
456-2216 or 272-6m 

Monday, March 5, 1990 

OK you RISC-ersll Just about 8 tix 
left for Sun Valley Ski Trip: March 
24th - 31 st, only $349. 5 days of 
powder skiing and radical nights! 
MANDATORY meeting, Wed. 7th , 
Rec. ConI .• Rm .• 8 :15 p.m. (3/5) 

ALL YOU CAN EAT FOR $3.85_ 
Monday - Saturday. 11 :30-2:30. 
Corner of Regents and Governor. 
Mandarin & Szechwan Cuisine. See 
display ad for more info. (3/5-3/12) 

Monday night is UCSD COLLEGE 
NIGHT ATTORREY·S. in the Marriot 
Hotel. Free appetizers and UCSD 
drink specials! COME ON DOWN. 
(3/5-3/12) 

Andrea: ooPSI Hope you enjoyed 
the ride back. I had a blast. Love, Big 
Tuna. (3/5) 

KKG - looking lorward to Tuesday 
nightl Get ready for an awesome 
Monmouth Duo. Pi Beta Phi. (3/5) 

Mysterious Woman. Grove Caffe, 3/ 
1. 9:45 a. m., short-blonde curls, black 
boots, blue denim skirt. black leather 
jacket, reading "The Red and the 
Black": I'm the ·sharp-looking" guy 
who was behind you. Could I talk to 
you again? Please call me - 558-
1935. (3/5) 

Hey Sammies - Thanks for a jetsettin' 
Rags to Richesgoodtime. Ciao baby. 

Happy Anniversary Allie I I will always Love. AOPi. (3/5) 
love you. All the love of my heart, ------------
Jimmy. (3/5) 

Good luck TriDelt, KKG. AOPi, DG, 
SigKappa. and PiPhi on finals. Have 
a great spring break! See you next 
quarter. Love - the brothers 01 Sigma 
Alpha Mu. (3/5) 

AOPi sisters - the New Officer's 
Retreat was truly special. Love you 
all. Jennifer O. (3/5) 

Hey Sig Eps .. . Nerd's Night out was 
an awesome study break. Thanks I 
Sincerely, KKG. (3/5) 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dennatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation. 

Volunteers paid $50.00 {or participation. 
If interested, call 534""955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534-6S47. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Jostens college rings on sale this 
week at Bookstore . Monday -
Wednesday, 10:00a.m.-3:00p.m. (31 
5) 

Commuters! Warren College Brunch 
Bonanza is Tuesday, March 6. at the 
International Center, 9 a.m. - II a.m. , 
for only $1.001 (3/5) 

Su (Henry)- Congratulations on the 
new fish, perhaps a change in the 
answering machine is necessary. 
Maybe you should have brought 
Norton home to share the upcoming 
fruil tarts. (315) 

To the woman who's a cotillion drop-
out. you can attend my coming out 
party anytime. (3/5) 

To Danielle. Kristen and Larry: Good 
luck in your second interviews with 
Andersen l (3/5) 

Clyde: Nice skiing on Saturday. when 
is that coloring party going to be?(31 
5) 

.Copier. 
.Laser-Printer. 
Cartridge Recharging 

$20.95 • 
TONERS: S5~1l1 • 

(Black/Color Ton.rs .n Bulk) 
-Video c.a..elles: $')9 - $99 
( How to Recharg., Seal. Etc.) 

COPIERS 
• Canon pc, SharpZSO/70. X.ro.IOI2 •.... 
lASER PRINTERS 
'HP, Appl • • ' ... non. Ricoh. IBM, Etc. 

TURK Toner Products 
(619) 744-5664 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

CALL 279-5955 
D' AGNESSA Insurance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave_ Ste. 215 
San Diego, CA 92111 

ALSO: MEDICAL and DENTAL COVERAGE 

The entire UCSD community is 
invited to a memorial service for 

Revelle College student 
DAVID P. SIMERMAN z"l 

1966-1990 
who died February 9,1990. 
The service will take place 

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7, 1990 
8 p.m. 

PRICE CENTER GAU.ERY A 

May his memory be for a blessing. 

Please call 534-2521 for more information. 

A.S. LECTURE NOTES 
ISHIRINGU DISCOVER 

A.S. Lecture Notes Service is now hiring notetakers 
for the Spring 1990 quarter, If you are motivated, 
like to set your own hours, and take clear , concise 
notes then a job as an ASLNS notetaker might be 
for you. 

We are covering various classes in the 
following subjects: 

Anthropology Biology 
Chemistry Cognitive Science 
Communications CSE 
Economics 
Linguistics 
Physics 
Psychology 

History 
Philosophy 
Political Science 
Sociology 

If you are interested in a position as an 
ASLNS notetaker , please stop by Career 

Services and pick up a job referral, and then 
stop by our office in the Old Student Center 

and pick up an application. 

THE TRUE POTENTIAL OF 
YOUR HOME COMPUTER 

Free demonstrations! 
March 5 & March 12 

Right from your home computer, the 
PRODIG~service opens up a whole 
new world of information, shopping f"7>;;::-"'~ 
and fun for every member of 
your household, and it's so 
easy to use! 

*PRODIGY~ 
In"riCl;" JItnonaI S.rvic. 

University Bookstore 
Computer Center 
534-4291 

Start-up Kit 
with 2400 bps 

Modem 

l'\!\TRSII'Y 
- -

--- --

Ii( )( ) l\~ n II\E 
LJI ~L.J 



. . 

22 SPORTS 

LO N D 0 N The Arts· Finance /EconomIC Research/ Management· Human/Health ServIces Polltocs • Advertlslng /PR /Marketlng 
Journal,sm/Broadcast /F,lm 

MedIa · Public Relat,ons' Busoness 
Tourism' Fash,on' The Arts' Government PARIS 

WASHINGTON 

Boston Um'alers1ty 
Inlernallonal Programs 
725 Commonwealth "'venue 82 
BOslon MA 02215 
617 353 9881! 

Politics· Business/Economics • Pre-Law 
Internallonal RelatIons' Journallsml 
CommunIcatIons' Health FIelds' The Arts 

Each 14·week onternshlp program includes: 
16 Boston Un iversIty semester·hour credits. 
full·tlme internships. course work taught by 
local faculty. centrally located housing. and 
ondlvldualized placements for virtually every 
academIc interest . Programs In London and 
Parts are offered during the sprong. fall . and 
summer. The Washington program is offered 
during the fall and sprong. 

B OST O N U NIV E R S ITY 
An eQual opportunlty_ 
afflrmlJtlt/e .clIon institution 

A representative from Boston University w ill be on campus : 

TODAY, MARCH 5, 12·1 
in the Opportunities Abroad Resource Room 

in the International Center 
------------------------------------------------------··-----i 

Name ____________________ _ 
Address __________________ _ 
CIty ______ State __ Zip_ 
College /UnIversIty ______ _ 

_ Summer _ Fall _ Spring 19 _ 

_london Internship Programme 
_ The Arts 
_ Fln.nce/Economlc Research! 

Mln.gement 
_ Human/Helhh Services 
_ PolitiCS 
_ Advertl'I~/PA/M.rketlng 
_ Journlhsm/ Broldcnl /F,lm 

_ Plr,s Internship Program 
_ Washington Internship Progr.m 

The UCSD Guardian 

M.HOOP 
Continued from page 24 
win. A technical foul called against 
Marshall forprotestingacall aided 
We leyan' cause. 

T he Tritons led 40-28 with 4 :54 
to go in the first half, whe n a free 
throw by NW's Kent L ightbody 
triggered a 12-0 Plainsmen run that 
tied the halftime score at 40-40. 

The techn ical foul came with 
I :03 left in the fi rst half, a nd the 
Trito ns up by seven . The 
Plainsmen's Matt Green scored and 
was fouled. 

Marshall stepped onto the court 
to question the call and was s lapped 
with the technical. 

"All I was do ing was question-
ing whether [Green] fouled some-
one to get the ball, and the official 
comes over and g ives me a techni-
cal ," Marshall saidtothe LA Times. 
" I didn ' t even say anything to him 
yet. That really hurt us." 

Green missed the free throw, 
but Anderson hit the two tec hnical 
free throws, and then a three-
pointer to tie the game. 

Anderson led Wesleyan with 
23 points. Teammate Mike Longe 

Monday, March 5, 1990 

added 14 points and 17 rebound . 
McNeill led the Tritons with 23 

po ints. Rapp scored 19 points, and 
Batt contributed 14 poi nts. 

The loss added a sour note to 
what has been a record-setting year 
for UCSD. The Tri tons establi shed 
a new school record for wins in a 
season with 20, and Rapp broke 
two scoring marks: most points in 
a game and in a season. 

" We ' re a team to watch out for. 
Wewanttowinitallnext year. We 
won' t settle forjustgetting into the 
playoffs," McNeill told the LA 
Times. 

ThisWeek '~Intercollegiate Sports Attractions ... 
MW 
Baseball 

Softball 

Swimming (W) 
Tennis (M) 
Tennis (W) 

Track and Field 
Volleyball (M) 

l£I1Q DII :riIB 
at San Diego State Wednesday 5:00 p.m. 
at Whittier Saturday 12:00 p.m. 
REGIS (CO), (DB) Wednesday 1:00 p.m. 
at La Verne, (DH) Friday 1:00 p.m. 
at CSU San Bernardino, (OH) Saturday 12:00 p.m. 
at National Championships (Milwaukee, WI) Thu.-Sat. All Day 
EMORY UNIVERSITY (GA) Sunday 1:00 p.m. 
WESTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY Friday 2:00 p.m. 
at Cal Poly Pomona Saturday 11:00 a.m. 
UCSD MEET VS. FOUR TEAMS Saturday 11:00 a.m. 
BALL STATE UNIVERSITY (IN) Wednesday 5:00 p.m. 
SAN DIEGO STATE Friday 7:00 p.m. 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

r: . -'\ <.. La Jolla Village Square 
) ( .... _&.~ .. ~J. Dental Group OIlers You: 

:.. • COSMETIC BONDING • VISA OR MASTERCARD 
• EVENING APPTS. • INSTANT INSURANCE 
• STEREO HEADPHONES EVALUAnON 
• NITROUS OXIDE • STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
• 24-HOUR EMERGENCY SERVICE 
• ORAL SURGERY FOR WISDOM TOOTH EXTRACTION 

--------------------------
INf'RODUCI'O.Y 0" •• 

EXAM & X·RAYS $19 Reg. S49 
ONLY 

Includes: X·Rays. Oral Cancer Exom ond Private Consultation. Expires 3131190. 
Offered 10: Students, Faculty end SIoH of UCSD 

--------------------------

I 

DAVID S. ESHOM D.D.S. 
Member: ADA, CDA, SDCDS, Delta Dental 

8861 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suite 501 
(behind Kinko's) 455·9151 

ATTENIION 
Muir 

Graduating Seniors 
Spring Quarter, 1990 

Students planning to graduate Spring, 1990, should come 
to the Muir Academic Advising Office, H&SS 2126, NOW 
and complete the required paperwork. 

DIADLINE TO Fill FOR SPRING GRADUATION 
IS APRIL 1 3, 1 990 

DON IT DELAY! 

University Bookstore Computer 
Center 

March 5-10 
Find great deals on odds and ends in computer accessories and 
electronics. Hurry--quantities are limited! 

• Computer furniture • Monitors 
• Selected electronics • Printers 
• Floppy drives • And much more! 

Don't miss out! 

Computer Center 534-4291 
Hours: 
Mon. - Fri. 
Sat. 

7:30 a.m. - 6 p.m. 
9:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. 

All sales final. Quantites are limited. No returns. 

Monday, March 5, 1990 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 23 

Tritons Fall to Lions for Second Time This Season 

Men's Volleyball Starts Fast, Slows in Loss to LMU 
By KEVIN TWER 
SlajfWri/er 

Amidst constant taunting and 
"trash-talking" from their oppo-
nents on SaturdllY night, the 
members of UCSD's men's vol-
leyball team proved that they are a 
class act. 

Although the Tritons dropped a 
hard-fought contest to the Loyola 
Marymount University Lions (11-
6) in the Main Gym, they forced 
the Lions to eam the victory. 

UCSD remained winless on the 
year at 0-13 as they lost an intense 
9-15,15- 13,15-12, 15-13 match to 
the Division I Lions. 

"We don't have any bad atti-
tudes on this team. Coach [Oscar 
"Digger" Graybill] helps us be-
cause he doesn't dwell on the 
negative," Triton play-set attacker 
Bryan Palmer said. 

Palmer and teammate David 
Fulmer lifted UCSD in game one, 
as each sparked the Tritons with 
key blocks in powering the Tritons 
to a 13-9 lead. 

Fittingly , Palmer closed out the 
final two points of the first game 
with a service ace followed by a 
kill on game point. 

Palmer finished with a team-
high 18 kills to go along with six 
blocks. It was only the second 
time this season that someone 
besides sophomore captain Nate 
Brown led the team in kills. 

The turning point of the match 
came in the second game. A Loyola 
Marymount double-hit violation, 
followed by two UCSD service 
winners by Fulmer. extended the 
Tritons' lead to 12-9, and forced 
the Lions to call a much-needed. 
time out. 

LMU used the regrouping time 
to its advantage, charging back to 
trail by only one at 13-12 . 

However, just when it seemed 
that game two was in the bag for 
UCSD, the Lions strung together 
three consecutive points to capture 
the game and even the match at a 
game apiece. 

"Inconsistency is one of our 
main problems," Palmer said. "We 
just need more hard work to iron it 

out" 
Inconsistency not only hurt the 

Tritons in the second game, but in 
the following one as well. 

Loyola Marymount jumped out 
to a 6- 1 lead in game three, but the 
Tritons rallied to tie the score at 8-
8. 

A Fulmer block gave UCSD its 
first lead of the game at 9-8, and 
the edge in capturing the middle 
game of the match. 

The two teams consistently 
exchanged leads, but the Lions 
were the first team to reach a game 
point opportunity , which they 
converted to grab a 2-1 lead in the 
match. 

In game four, the Tritons looked 
as if they might run away with the 
game, streaking to a 7-0 lead. 

However, Loyola Marymount 

then went on a 13-3 sprint to catch 
UCSD and take a three-point lead 
at 13- 10. 

But the Tritons refused to quit. 
In turn, they too came back, tying 
the score at 13, as they were led by 
Brown. 

Unfortunately for UCSD. 
though, a controversial call gave 
the Lions a final match point op-
portunity which they capitalized 
on to defeat the Tritons in four for 
the second time this season. 

Loyola Marymount was led by 
junior Sio Saipaia, who, unlike 
some of his teammates, is a class 
act in his own right. 

In leading the Lions in kills, he 
was the only Loyola player who 
may have had a reason to rile the 
Tritons. 

But Saipaia, a potential AlI-

Briao Morris/Guardian 
Bryan Palmer (13) and John Urn, shown in action Wed. vs. UCI, 
stuffed this spike attempt, but UCSD has been stuffed all year. 

American, kept to himself and got 
down to business, fini shing with 
19 kills. 

Before Saturday's heart-breaker 
with Loyola Marymount, UCSD's 
twelfth loss came at the hands of 
Cal State Northridge on the road 
Friday night. 

The Matadors downed the Tri-
tons for the second time this sea-

son, with a four-game victory. 
UCSD's next opportunity to 

break into the win column comes 
Wednesdayina5 p.m. home match 
against Ball State University from 
Indiana. 

On Friday, the Tritons get a 
rematch with San Diego State, 
which defeated the Tritons earlier 
this season. 

UCSD Xtramural Club Sports ... 
~ ~ DiY I.inK 
Cycling CRITERIUM SatJSun. TBA 
Lacrosse (M) MANHATTANVrLLE Thursday 3:00 p.m. 
Lacrosse (W) UC SANTABARBARA Friday 7:00 p.m. 
Rugby CSU LONG BEACH Saturday 1:00 p.m. 
Ski Racing U.S. Collegiate Champ Tue. - Fri. TBA 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

- Women's Intramural Soccer 
Pl." ... goalie Liz WaUes has revised her pre· game checklist somewhat. 

Whcn she 'kaves hcr apartment before a game now, gloves and cleats stay in 
the closet. All she brings now is a light lunch and a good book. You have a 
lot of time [0 yourself in the Players goalie box. 

The defense: comol)rised of Carrie Udell , Nikki Whitehead, and Elayne 
Borenstein, us~ally st~d around reflecting on the weekend's evenn until an 
occasional ball trickles into their halfofthe fidd . When one does, the womcn 
usually look at each other for a while before one ofthcm gives an annoycd 
sigh and says "I guess I 'll get this one. ~ 

Ho-hum. Players has yet [0 be: scorcd upon this season or givc up a shot 
on goal for that matter, anct their 3·0. record in the Kyle Clark league in mere 
undcrstltcment of their d.iminance . Last Sunday they downed second-ptace 
SAfa" a"b 2-0. in a game that could juS[ have casily been 5·0. or 6·0.. 

Left winger Stephanie Baron was the first to find the net for Players on the 
first half, and a few minutcs latcr, halfback Florida Ti4ui arce:d in a Icft· footer 
from around Mira Mcsa. 

With the te:am composed almost entirely of freshmen, could we: have a 
future dynasty on our hands? 

PI.,.,..- - this ... BLT's for you. 

ROBERT'S 
• ~ SAAB 

The home of the 
49¢ hall1burger. 

1 m U~'[)OIIIJ~m German· Swedish. Japanese Servic~ 
All Work Fully Gua.ranteed. Factory-Trained Speciali.t. 

• MAJOR SERVICES • fUEL EJECTION 

" • TUNE.lJPS • ELECTRICAL • BRAKES • EXTENDED WARRANTIES 
• TRANSMISSION • ENGINE REBUILDING • 

Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m-5:80 pm • SalurdGy. 8 am-5 pm 
_",i (619)275-1132 

~. I 4630 Mission Bay Drive (1·5 to Balboa exit) San Diego _ 
-------------------------10% OFF on all repairs· with this coupon 

·E1t«pt moror and traMmis,ion owrhoul. Not valid with any otlur coupon. 

' &!lou. 
7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
u.tI!I~~-----------------------ALLAMERICAN-MEAL--- ~ Quorter Pounderl,ll1 with Cheese. Medium Fry. 
II Medium-Size Soft Drink 

Cash val ... : 
1/ 20 011 cent II 

II II Limit one coupon per II customer. per visit. Please 
present coupon when 

Just $1 99 :1 
(plul tox) II II ordering. Not valid with 

bii';~lm __ 
-------

Only at: II 
, • .., Miramar Icl 

San otego 



-~ 

24 SPORTS 

Golf Captures 
Southern Cal 
Championship 
By LES BRUVOLD 
StaffWritcr 

Thi weekend, the UCSD golf 
team came in fourth overall in the 
Divi ion I umver ity divi ion of 
the Southern California Intercoll e-
giate at South Torrey Pines golf 
cour e. 

Well ... maybe that isn't quite 
true. But it's clo e. 

What really happened this 
weekend at the SoCaJ Intercolle-
giate ? In reality, UCSD swamped 
all of its Division III competition, 
finishing 18 trokes ahead of its 
neare t opponent in the mall col-
lege division, with an impre sive 
two-day total of 617. 

The Tritons' team score wa 
low enough that it would have 
placed them fourth overall in the 
university divi ion, one stroke 
better than USC's 618. 

CSU San Bernardino fini hed 
econd in thecollegedivi ion with 

a 635. Claremont chipped in a 65 I, 
and Redland and Occidental 
lagged behind in a tie for fourth 
place at 667. 

San Diego State led all team 
with a two-day toral of 593. 

Mike Reinhardt led the Triton 
charge with an impressive two-
day score of 149 (76-73) on the dif-
ficult Torrey Pines layout. 

Bob Knee and Campbell Wal-
drop also made olid contributions, 
as both scored 155, and number 
one player Devin Thomas filled 
out the Triton' scoring foursome 
with a 157. 

UCSD Head Coach Mike 
Wydra was happy with his team's 
overall performance, despite some 
"off" rounds turned in by the usu-
ally solid Thomas. 

"Our performance this week-
end showed me that we have a 
pretty solid, deep team this year," 
Wydra said. "We had such a good 
team effort that we more than made 
up for a not so great performance 
by our best player (Thomas)." 

Wydra was especially pleased 
with the "sterling" play of Rein-
hardt, who finished first in the 
college division, and Knee and 
Waldrop who tied for fourth place. 

"Campbell had been sort of 
vacillating lately and was on our 
'B' team going into this tourna-
ment," Wydra said. "But he really 
came out of his slump and had a 
really good round (75) on Satur-
day." 

The Tritons' weekend perform-
ance has Wydra looking forward 
to future Division 111 matches and 
the NCAA tournament at the end 
of the year. 

"When our guys perform this 
well against top-of-the-line Divi-
sion I teams, any other matches 
will eem like cake for them," 
Wydra said. 

The Tritons will tee it up next in 
a three-team match against 0 ci-
dental and Whittier on March 12 at 
Annandale Golf ClUb. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 5, 1990 

Sports 

Rlmas UzglrlslGuardian 
Tim Rapp (in action earlier this season) and UCSD lost a 77-75 
nail-biter to Nebraska Wesleyan Saturday night in Lincoln. 

Tritons Lose 12-point Lead, Game 77-75 

Men's Hoop Ousted 
From NCAA Tourney 

By PETER KO 
Associate Sports Editor 

Maybe the NCAA hould con-
sider making heart monitors stan-
dard equipment at all men' bas-
ketball tournament games. 

But then UCSD Head Coach 
Tom Mar hall and Nebraska 
Wesleyan Head Coach Todd Rari-
don probably would have sent the 
little beeping lights flying into a 
Nebraska cornfield. 

Saturday night, at Taylor Gym 
in Lincoln, Nebraska, UCSD found 
out the hard way what post-season 
is all about, as it dropped a 77-75 
thriller to Nebraska Wesleyan in a 
second-round West Regional 
matchup of the NCAA Division ill 
National Tournament. 

The game was marked by 19 
second-half lead changes. Neither 
team led by more than four points 
during the second half, and the Tri-
ton (20-7) had three chances in 
the final two minutes to tie, or take 
the lead. 

In the end, it became clear that 
experience was the difference be-
tween victory and defeat. 

Nebraska Wesleyan's experi-
ence showed when guard Lance 

Anderson calmly converted a three-
point play with 7:30 left in the 
game, giving the Plain men a 69-
67 lead - one which they would 
never relinquish. 

UCSD's inexperience began to 
show at the 1:44 mark, with Ne-
braska Wesleyan leading 77-75. 
First, guard Tim Rapp, the Tri-
tons' leading scorer this season, 
missed a pair of free throws. 

Then, with 56 seconds left in 
the conte t, forward Gordon 
McNeill mi sed a ix-foot jumper. 

. Finally, with four seconds left, 
point guard Darvin Jackson was 
called for traveling while trying to 
et up a final play. 

Marshall told the Los Angeles 
Times that when Jackson was 
whistled for traveling, UCSD was 
trying to isolate Rick Batt in the 
low post for the final shot. If he 
was not open, Jackson's next op-
tion was to reverse the ball to Rapp. 

ThePlain men (22-5) have been 
to the tourney seven consecutive 
years and played in the Final Four 
four of the last six. This was 
UCSD's first appearance. 

The Plainsmen overcame a 12-
point first-half deficit to secure the 

See M. HOOP, page 22 

Baseball Swipes Two From CSU San Bernardino 
Tritons Raise Record to .500 at 6-6; Currently Ranked 17th in the Nation 

By PHil.. GRUEN 
Senior Staff Writer 

It has been a rocky couple of 
weeks, butthe Triton baseball team 
put together its longest winning 
streak of the season - at two -
with a doubleheader sweep over 
rival Cal State San Bernardino on 
Saturday. 

The Tritons (6-6 and ranked 
17th nationally in Division III) got 
four hits and three RBIs from out-
fielder Henry Jimenez and wins 
from both Dann Eaton and Rick 
Rupkey, to put together 7 -3 and 9-
7 victories in the road games over 
CSUSB, which fell to 3-6. 

Despite an even record, the 
Tritons boast a 3- I record in Divi-
sion ill play. On Wednesday, how-
ever, they will have to face Divi-
sion I San Diego State in a 5 p.m. 
match up on the road. 

In the first game, Eaton (2-0) 
struck out six and did not walk a 
batter in another sterling perform-
ance since he no-hit Western New 
Mexico University last week at the 
Southern California College Tour-
nament. 

Eaton, a senior transfer, was 
helped offensively by outfielder 
Ernie Isola (3 for 4, 3 RBIs), 
Jimenez (2 for 4, 3 RBIs), Erik 
Judson (2 for 2,3 run scored), and 
Chris Murphy (2 for 3). 

In the nightcap, Rupkey im-
proved his record to 3-2 but needed 
the help of Mike Morgan and J.J. 
Fisher to put the win in the books. 

Morgan, who relieved in both ends 
of the doubleheader, held the 
Coyotes at bay in the seventh and 
eighth innings, and Fis.her put out 
the fire in the ninth inning to record 
his first save of the season. 

But, the offensive performance 
of second baseman Louie Diaz is 
what really made the difference in 
the second game. Diaz, a junior 
transfer who won the starting job 
at second base outright in his first 

year with UCSD, went 2 for 4 
including a home run and three 
RBIs. Jimenez was 2 for 5, and 
Dave Nowlan, the Tritons ' first 
baseman, picked up two hits in 
four plate appearances. 

Rima 
Second baseman Louie Dlaz, shown in action last week against the University of San Diego, went 
2 for 4 with a home run and3 RBis in the second game of Saturday'.s matchup with the Coyotes. 


