
..., 

WEEKEND 
EDlll: 
• OPINION 

Proposition 12S, also known as 
"Big Green," is possibly the most 
controversial propositions of the last 
five years. It promises to initiate 
sweeping refonns of environmental 
laws, eliminating a number of 
pesticides, halting future offshore 
drilling, and setting standards for 
carbon dioxide emission reduction. 
Supporters argue that Big Green is a 
health initiative, but opponents claim 
that it costs too muchlPAGE 4 

• FEATURES 
Having a "magical quality," 

ballooning is a popular pastime for 
those seeking adventure, romance, or 
relaxation. There are more than 10 
balloon-ride companies to chose from 
in Del Mar alone. 

Balloons themselves have a 
variety of uses. Besides their use in 
riding excursions, they are tools of a 
unique brand of an, and they have 
~y beoefited die mediaII 

.SPORTS 
The UCSD men's soccer team 

the fll'St hurdle in the quest for 
a naIiooIl championship with a 1-0 
ovenime win over CSU San Bernar-
dino yesterday, with Chris Romey 
scoring the winning goal. 

The Tritons will next host St 
Thomas (MN) in the North CentraJ/ 
Far West Regional fmal on Sunday, I 
p.m., at the North Campus Recreation 
AreaIPAGEU 

'.'i •.• " .. 
• HiATUS 

They've been called the female 
Simon &: Garfunkel, but the Indigo 
Girls otTer more than just acoustic 
guitars and folksy hannonies. Emily 
Saliers and Amy Ray, who draw on 
influences ,.... from JoDi 
Mitchell and the Replacements, will 
perfonn at the Symphony Hall this 
Sunday. Saliers gives insight on the 
forces that drive the Grammy-
winning duo/PAGE HI 

INDEX ... 
Science News ...................... 2 
Opinion ......... : ...................... 4 
Features ............................... 7 
Hiatus ................................ H1 
Sports ................................ 12 

__ e 

Rlmas UzglrlSlGuardian 
Head to Head - Chris Hanssen of the UCSD men's soccer team knocks heads 
with a Cal State San Bemadinodefenderin UCSO's 1-0 overtime win yesterday. 

.;. 

UCSD Student Arrested in 
Stabbing of Campus Visitor 
• Victim in stable condition at Scripps Hospital 
By Kent Korzon 
Senior Staff Writer 

A 21-year-old non-student was stabbed 
with a kitchen knife on Nov.l, at approxi-
mately 12:40 a.m. near Warren College. A 
UCSD student was later arrested and charged 
with assault with a deadly weapon, UCSD 
Campus Police Detective Doug Odell said. 

The victim, Steven Mass, a visitor from 
Santa Barbara, i5 in stable and fair condition at 
Scripps Memorial Hospital with stab wounds 
to the abdomen and back, according to hospital 
spokesperson Dilene Pulsipher. 

According to Odell, the victim was first 
contacted by on-campus police who were 
unaware that he had been stabbed because his 
wounds were not visible. 

"He had a big, dark sweater on," Odell 
said. "He said he was okay [and] that there 
was no problem." 

Later, when the victim arrived at Scripps 
Memorial Hospital for treatment and the na-
ture of his wounds became apparent, the 
police were contacted. 

The police were able to speak to the victim 
See STABBING, page 3 

T·REG System 
Breaks Down 
• Students urged to 
call in, check classes 
By Jason Snell 
News Editor 

In the midst of frenzied . tudent registra-
tion for Winter Quarter c1as es, UCSD's 
computerized telephone registration system 
broke down late Wednesday afternoon and 
stayed off-line until last night. 

The T-REG system, which i due for an 
overhaul at the end of this registration period, 
went on-line as scheduled on Wedne dayatS 
a.m., according to UCSD Registrar and Ad-
missions Officer Ron Bowker. He said that 
the system crashed at approximately 4 p.m. 
that afternoon. 

"We had engineers working on the system 
all night Wednesday, trying to figure out if it 
was a software or hardware problem," Bowker 
said. 

Bowker indicated that the director of the 
UCSD computing center believed that the 
problem was with the system's hardware, 
perhajJs caused by faulty wiring. 

The company that services the system, 
Davox Corporation, flew in two engineers 
from other tates ye terday afternoon to at-
tempt repairs, Bowker aid. 

"We want to send our apologies to all 
students," Bowker aid. "We've been doing 
everything we conceivably can to fix the 
problem." 

Bowker added that the Office of the Reg-
istrar will attempt to help any student incon-
venienced by the problem. If a tudent's 4S-
hour T -REG time expires before that student 
is able to enroll in courses, the time will be 
automatically extended, he said. 

Bowker advised students who called on 
Wednesday when the system was still on-line 
to call back and list their classes to be sure that 
the T-REG system was recording. 

Bowker explained that a new T-REG sys-
tem is expected to be installed by the time 
students register for Spring Quarter in Febru-
ary. 

Currently, the registrar's office has two 
computer registration sy terns, but can only 
use one because the systems cannot access the 
same information at the same time. When a 
new tudent infonnation sy tern, known as 

See T-REG, page 3 

A.S., KSDT Seek Broadcast License from FCC 
• Proposal would allow students, community to hear station without cable 
By Melinda Hamilton 
ASSOCiate News Editor 

If plans devised by A.S. President John 
Edson suceed, students who tune their dials to 
91.7 FM in the next year may be able to hear 
the tunes from KSDT, UCSD'scampusradio 
station. 

WorkingwiththeA.S., KSDTmayfinally 
be able to obtain a Federal Communications 
Commission (F.e.c.) license to produce an 
SOO-watt directional range broadcast from 
Mt. Soledad. 

KSDT's present system is a carrier cable 
current system that broadcasts to Muir and 
Revelle Colleges, and a small part of Third 
College, Edson aid. 

The broadcast area would pan from the 
northern border of Encinitas to roughly 
downtown San Diego, and would not inter-
fere with any other ignals, Edson said. 

The proposal will be authored by Edson 
and variou members of the KSDT taff. 
After the KSDT taff has reviewed the pro-

posal, it will be ubmitted to Chancellor Ri-
chard Atkinson and if approved, the U.c. 
Regents. 

If the proposal is signed by Atkinson and 
the regents, it will require approval by the 
FCC and the Mexican government. Both 
govemments must approve the proposal be-
cause KSDT is located within 40 miles of the 
border. 

Edson estimated that the process could 
take as long as a year. 

According to Edson, since KSDT is a 
student organization under the A.S., and is not 
incorporated, the license must be applied for 
in the name of the UC Regents. Thi make 
the regents liable for what the station broad-
casts on the air. 

In order for the A.S. to receive approval to 
apply for the license, the adminstration 
stipulated that KSDT mu t hire a full-time 
manager to oversee operation and create a 
committee of tudents, faculty, and taff to 
help determine what the programming fonnat 

would include, said Edson . 
In addition, students who work as disc 

jockeys would be required by the FCC to 
obtain a radio-telephone operator's permit, 
which costs $35. 

TheA.S. had considered other alternatives 
besides an FCC license, such as extending the 
curr nt cable system, and implementing a 
1 OO-watt broadcast ignal or a magnetic cam-
pus loop like the type used at the Lo Angele 
Airport, Edson said. He added that the mag-
netic loop would allow people to receive 
KSDT on campus only. 

Because ofKSDT' location on the dial, it 
i clas ified as an educational tation. All 
stations between 90.0 and 92.0 FM are in the 
educational band and may not broadcast ad-
vertisements. The commercial tation 91 
broadcasts from Mexico and doe not have 
the same re trlction . 

"The programming cannot be like regular 
tations," Edson said citing the progranuning 

See KSOT, page 3 



2 NEWS 

'N SCIENCE --L EWS=r= 
SClFNTIFIC & MFDICAI UPDATES 

Cancer Center Offers BIlingual 
Phone Une to Help Smokers Quit 

The UCSD Cancer Center is now offering a free, 
bilingual telephone counseling line to help smokers who 
want to quit. 

Smokers simply dial 1-800-7 -NO-BU1TS for an En-
glish-speaking operator, or l-80045-NO-FUME for a 
Spanish-speaking operator. Operators will direct calls to 
counselors at the Cancer Center. 

The service, which is the first of its kind, includes 
regularly schedu1edcounseling sessions 011 the telephone, 
specific suggestions on how to quit, suppon for those in 
the process of quitting, education on the dangers of 
smoking, and self-help manuals. 

John Pierce, co-director of the project, said the phooe 
service is a direct response to results of recent studies. 

"We know from our research that the majority of 
smokers do not want to be smokers, yet most postpone 
their anemptto quit," he said. 

The California Department of Health awarded the 
Cancer Center $865,000 to establish and operate the 
phone line. The grant, which is funded with cigarette tax 
monies generated by state Proposition 99, will enable 
researchers to determine whether a telephone counseling 
program is more beneficial than standardsmoking-cessa-
tion programs. 
School of Medicine Discovers 
Keys to Mammalian Growth 

Scientists at the UCSD School of Medicine have 
discovered the biC'logical "master key" responsible for 
switchi ng on and off chemical messages that result in the 
formation of important hormones in mammalian em-
bryos. 

A research team studied several mutant strains of 
dwarf mice to prove that this key is essential f or unlocking 
the genetic machinery in the pituitary gland. 

The research provides a new understanding of how 
genes inthehumancellareprogrammedtocreate theflnal 

.The temperatures for 
Friday, Saturday, and 
Sunday in San Diego 

ounty: 

Source: Wilbur ShiQehara, National Weather 
Services & The DiVing Locker, Pacific Beach 
Mel Marcelo /Guardian 

The UCSD Guardian 

size, shape, function, and sttucture that defines a living 
organism.Theresean:hcouldleadtoncwwaysinwxlerstandins 
diseases related to miscues in development that lead to birth 
defects. 

The research team was led by Sen Li, E. Bryan Crenshaw 
ill and Michael G. Rosenfeld of the Howard Hughes Mediall 
Institute at the School of Medicine. 
Los Alamos Reactor Site Named 
National Historic Landmark 

Friday, November 2, 1990 

CompII«I by Kent Korzon, SenIor"" Writer 
0cCDbIr25: 

Los Alamos National Laboratory's decommissionec:lWa- 1:12 am.: A female sIudart at W8'I8Il CoIIeae SIIfIared an allergic 
ter Boiler Reactor, built during the Manbaaan Project and IIICIIontofDod. llItvi:linWIIS1rIIlspoltBClioNAst.bmvDisperuy 
operateduntil1974,hasbeendesignatedahistoncaUandmarIc ~harlOOlMVlll. 
by the Americail Nuclear Society. A pl_- will be, ...J......4 at 11XJpm.:A20)'III'-ddslalfmanbarwasanesaed Iorthellegalditlplay 

-- - 01 a disabled pIacan11hf IIIIf II1IIItIer WIll clad and ntIeased. 
the site in Los Alamos where the reactor once stood. 9:i.6p.m.; A 19 yeer.oId .... _......s lor_ flUe idriIca· 

The Los Alamos Water Boiler prodoced die ~ seIf- tIon.l11IlIIudlnhllSa1edand __ fIomhislaBon. 
sustainingnuclearchainmtCtioo usiogenricbedumoium. The 0dDIIIr JI' 
reactor first acheived criticality on May 9, 1944. 7:40am.:A'student_1r;nd nlheforaarmand fooI~1aI neat 
Scheduled Chemistry, Physics 
Seminars for Week of Nov. 5-9 

The Depanments ofCllemistryandPhysics are sponsoring 
several seminars next week: 

• Monday-Dr. RoIfPhilipona will apeak an "Efffectsof 
Radial E-Field on Density Auctuations Measured in DDI-D 
'J>Jasma" at 4322 Mayer Hall at 4 p.m .. 

• Monday - Dr. AX. Ganguly will speak on "Dual 
Antagonist of Paf and Histamine" at CSB 002 at 4 p.rn .. 

• Thesday - Dr. Robert M. Hjellrning will speak on 
"Radio Emission from Aceretion Disk: Environments" in 
Mayer Hall 4322. 

• Thesday - A physical chemistry seminar scheduled for 
4 p.m. has been cancelled. 

• Wednesday - Dr. Roben Dynes will speak on "Bad 
Metals, Reduced Dimensionality and the Superconductor 
Insulator Transition" in Mayer HaIl 4322 at 4 p.m .. 

• Thursday - Dr. Robert Dynes will present a colloquium 
on "Electron Tunnelling into High Tc Oxides" in USB 2622 
at 4 p.m. 

• Thursday - The Marlene A. Deluca Memorial Lecture 
will be held in the Liebow Auditorium in the Basic Science 
Building at4 p.m .. Dr. Jobo Abelard will speak-on "Messenger 
RNA Splicing in Yeast." 

• Friday - Prof. aark Landis will speak on "Structures 
and Selectivity in Homogeneous Catalysts" in 103 Peterson 
Hall at 4 p.m.. J I" 

• Friday - Dr. Adam Falk will speak on "Leading QCD 
Corrections to Meson Form Factors in the Heavy Quark 
Effective Theory" in Mayer Hall 4322 at 2 p.m .. 

.Weather outlook: 

-----,. 
All Weekend: 
Sunny and warm in 
the daytime. 

Average temperature for sea/air 
is 63-70 degrees. 
Surf is poor in form with poor 
visibil ity (0-5 feet) for diving. 
Surf 
(Feet) 
2-4 
Surfing conditions: 
BIG SURF 
BUT POOR 
FORM 

w 

. l.d 503 on Ott. 25 1110 p.m .. 
6:15pm; AeWlnteuttared abldlan rilewtileplayiBJ IooIbaII II hi 
North c.r.,us fIaId. The vIctIn was transported 10 SaWs MemorIal 
HaIIiIaI br ftIUIancI. 
9:Q1 pm.: SDPD IICOV8f8CI a 1984 T(¥Ita CoroIa stolen from UCSO. 
l11I owner .. noIIIed. . 

0dDIIIr21: 
, tiD a.m~ All oIIIcer reportad major dIIT1age ~ 118 blt-brldge beIwe8n 
lie Thid CoIeOt HIIndea BIti1g and the Third CoIege Economic 
BuIding aftara II1iveIsiIywhlcle coIidad wiIh t. aticer J. Dyer said IlaI 
lie load ilthe 1rIM:k-bed was too high. 
6:35pm.: An ofIioar r8pOI18d a domestic vOence il1:ident al1ha Mesa 
Apa1meIU. 
'0:25pm.: AstudenI was nl$pDll8d ~ 5a1pps MemoriallbJilal after 
IaiD1g due to pail below the heart. 

acw.28: 
1 t:45 am.: A tamae studIInt reported being IFabbed repeatedly by a 
sdidIDr In lot 504 on Oct Z1 aI 10:25 p.m.. 
6:24p.m.: UCSO lXIIice assisted SCPO in the Via La Jolla area ~ check 
lor a statming suspect 

acw.29: 
1:40 am.: A 1987 Toyota pidwp irl1lflCled a cub on Northviaw by !he 
i1IormaIionboolh. Thedri¥er sullered milorinjurles, and the pickupwas 
rendered inoperable. 
8:00 am.: A sIutIert was tallSpOI1ed 10 5a1pps MenoiaJ Hospital tom 
thePapperCanyonAparmenlsbyparamedcs aftersuflering a seizure. 

1t:t8am~ A shDIIt reported hi theft of a bicycle from the WImIIl 
l8dIn Hall on Oct 29, b8twaen 10 and 11 am .. Loss: $700. 
10:00 p.rn.: A studert rapor1Bd !he I1eIt aI a 1985 Nissan pickl4> will a 
bicycle in the bed from Lot 208. loss: $4,500. 
0ct0bIr31: 
12:00 p.m.: A IemaIe S1iJden1 was transported from Ile Third College 
dorms 10 Student Helith after injuring her ankle in a solo bicyding 
accident at Third College, 

GulSKI)IAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In ClWf 
ROBIN MAClEAN, MBnIIgIng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, Aaocllltl Sports Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Spotts Editor 
JAMES COWER, DesIgn Editor 
REBEKAH DENN, Assoclste News Editor 
GREG DIXON, AuocI8te OpInion Editor 
BILL DOWlER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMILTON, Aaoc_ News Edilor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, Aaoc:InI News EdItor 
LARA HEISlER, 4aocla1w AI1s Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, AaocI8te Atfs Editor 
PETER KO, Assoc/Me Spom Editor 
JENNFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Assoc .... Copy Editor 
LENa LOH, ArfsiEntertaInment Editor 
Mel MARCELO, As.tocIItte GnIphIcs Edllor 
SANGEET A MEKT A, AssocIaIlr Ff1IIIunIs Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AuocIIItI Photo Editor 
JULIE PUZON, Featurn Editor 
JEFF QUAN, GnIph/cs Editor 
JASON SNELL, NtJws Editor 
RNAS UZGtRIS. Photo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, Assoclste Features Editor 
JENNFER YANCEY, AtfSlEntertalnmenl Edilor 

BOB DeANDREA, Bu.""" Menlltler 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising lUNfI., 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertl.1ng DH/gn., 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CIa •• /f1ed R.",. ... nt.tl". 
-"'1I¥_"'N.I<onna_. Sl-.rry F~, Torri_. Ooug~ 
-... _ , lwt1t 1IoIongto, DAI~. _ MIiwcII. PIOIQ v_ 

~:KaS. Wq, .IIILM 

• 

Friday, November 2,1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Graduate Students Among Those 
Planning to Use Renovated Pub 
• Old Triton Pub could become meeting place for grads 
8y Stephanie Simon 
Guardian Reporter 

UCSD's graduate students that 
have found the current campus at-
mosphere "not conducive" to older 
students are quietly discussing the 
possibility of creating a meeting 
place for graduates. One place be-
ing considered is the Triton Pub, a 
building that will soon be undergoing 
renovation. 

"[The lounge would be] some 
place where graduates can go to 
relax and to facilitate interest among 
grad. students," explained David 
Fremont, Graduate Student Asso-
ciation (GSA) president. 

Ideally, Fremont said, the GSA 
would prefer that the Triton Pub 
building house the lounge. He added 
the GSA is negotiating with a Uni-
versity Center Board (UCB) sut>-
committee which is currently in the 
process of planning the renovation 
of the old building. 

'There is no great central place 
on campus where graduate students 
can get together and talk and eat," 
explained Paul Eykamp, GSA rep-
resentative to the UCB. 

Currently, graduate students can 
gather in such places as the BuUs 
Eye Tavern (Round Table Pizza), 
the Price Center gameroom, or the 
Faculty Oub. 

'The Tavern is not conducive 
toward older students. I've heard a 
tremendous number of complaints 
from grads regarding that facility .. .. 
The Faculty aub is too expensive 
to join, and also not cooducive, ar-
chitecturally or otherwise," Fremont 
said. 

At an Oct. 16 GSA meeting, 
members voted for what they be-

lieve to be the ten most important 
issues to graduate students. Third 
on the list was a new space for 
graduate students to meet. 

While no formal proposal has 
been presented by the GSA as yet, 
the issue was discussed seriously at 
the fi rst renovation committee 
meeting on Oct. 23. 

In addition, the comminee dis-
cussed the possibility of obtaining 
another liquor license for the pub. 
Members were uncertain about this 
possibility, mainly due to the BuU's 
Eye Tavern's current monopoly on 
campus alcohol. 

1be committee also discussed 
the necessity of bringing handi-
capped access at the Triton Pub up 
to code, repairing the pub's sound 
and lighting systems, adding fare 
sprinklers. widening equipment 
access areas, and working out usage 
rights for the building. 

"We could work it out that the 
GSA could use part of [the pub] part 
of the time," said Mordecai Potash, 
conunissionerof promotions forthe 
UCB, and chainnan of the Triton 
Pub renovation committee. 

'The GSA would like to have a 
lounge operating for some bours of 
the day, in [the pub], either parti-
tioned or not from the rest of the 
place," Eykamp said. "The rest of 
the time, it 'U be available for other 
student organization programs. A 
movable partition could be put be-
tween the upper and lower parts, so 
that two groups can use the space at 
once." 

While an air of cooperation per-
sisted through the meeting, some 
students protested Potash's selec-
tion of Price Center designer Edgar 

Thieme to renovate the pub. GSA 
representatives said that they would 
prefer the renovation be planned by 
Techtonics, the group that designed 
the Student Center. The committee 
decided to allow both groups to bid 
for the job. 

"Inside, the Triton Pub looks 
dreary," Potash said. "Right now, 
the space is useable but not inv iting." 

'The idea is to keep it simple, 
and make it useable for all sorts of 
folks," said University Center Di-
rector Jim Carruthers. "There's no 
limit to what can happen but dol-
lars." 

1be pub building is currently 
used about three nights a week by 
various student organizations as a 
meeting and event space. 

Once a student meeting place, 
theTritonPubclosed when the Bulls 
Eye Tavern opened in the spring of 
1989. 

"The pie-in-the-sky goal would 
be to have the Triton Pub put back in 
business," Eykamp said, but added 
that the GSA is willing to make 
cornprimises with the UeB. 

"[The pub] is a building sup-
ported by University Center funds," 
Carruthers explained. "We think we 
have ... between $230,000 to 
$250,000, the bulk being from the 
UCB reserves and the senior gift 
project. Unfortunately, that money 
won' t go all that far- mostly just to 
construction. " 

Eykamp said the UCB hopes to 
begin renovations either late Winter 
Quarter or Spring Quaner, and do 
most of the renovation over the 
summer, so that it won't interfere 
with current student use of the Tri-
ton Pub. 

WEDNESDAY'S ASSOCIATED STUDENTS MEETING IN BRIEF 
Appointments: 
Paul T. Vwin - A.S. Judicial Board Chair 
Allocations: 
• $500.00 for 250 tickets for UCSD students to attend the Men's regional soccer fmals at UCSD, from the 

General Unallocated Fund. 
• $130.00 for registration fees for the A.S. Commissioner of Public Relations to represent the A.S. at the 

Association of College Unions International conference. 
• $509.00 underwrite for film screening for Hardcore Productions, from the Student Organization Unallocated 

fund. 
The council decided last Wednesday to support or reject the roliowing measures in the upcoming elections: 
• Yes on Propositions 143, 128, 130, 146 
• No on Proposition 135, 138 

T-REG 
ConUnued from page 1 
ISIS, comes on-Line next quarter, it 
will be able to coordinate the two 
phone systems. 

"At that time, we'U be able to run 
32 phone lines instead of the current 
16," Bowker explained. "That 
should hopefully eliminate the busy 
signals that students experience 
now." 

KSDT 
Continued from page 1 
of formats similar to other stations 
without playing commercials to be 
unfair to the commercial stations. 

Even though KSDT cannot run 
advertisements, the station may have 
sponsors underwrite parts of their 
programs,saidC. Squibby Breyman, 
assistant manager for KSDT. 

According to Breyman, under-
writing announcemerus may include 
only the name, address and purpose 

STABBING 
ConUnued from ~ 1 
at the hospital. Acting on his 
information, they arrested the 
suspect, a UCSD student, with-
out incident in an on-campus 
residenceat6:30a.m., Odell said 

The victim said that he was 
chased and stabbed, while the 

of the business, without jingles or 
other advertising devices. 

The antenna on Mt. Soledad 
would cost $25,000 to $30,000, 
which Edson said the A.S. would 
absorb. 

"[KSDT] cannot become self-
supporting," Edson commented, 
adding that the station receives ap-
proximately $40,000 a year in sut>-
sidies from the A.S .. 

"The money could go to other 
programs," Edson said, adding that 
KSDT has been funded SO far be-
cause of the hope of eventually get-

suspect insisted that he acted in 
self-defense, police said. 

According to Odell, some of 
the people who witnessed the 
attack have not been contacted 
yet. 

Anyone with information 
concerning the incident should 
contact the UCSD Campus 
Police. 

ting an FCC license. 
In a meeting Wednesday night, 

some station members expressed 
concern over the adminstration's 
overseeing committee. 1be discus-
sion centered on how KSDT's pro-
gramming wouidchange as a result. 

The station now mainly consists 
of a freeformstyie, mixing all genres 
of music in a given time block. The 
staff discussed the possibility of 
playing only one type of music at a 
given time block or having more 
ethnic programming. No decisioo 
was reached at the meeting. 

NEWS 3 

UY·8AN 
11010U71 The tf Itillftde-Sung/ass Shoppe 

Over 50 name brands & 3,000 frames in stock from $5 to $800 
• Special orders • Replacement parts • Binocu/8IS • Gogglss 

••• • ••••••••••• 
• I UCSQ coupoN I Exp. 12f2i90 • 

• • 
• • : i/~~ : 
: r.S~ -<. : 
• ~~r. 
· A~. 
• • 
• • 
• Eyes on Del.. Mon.·Sat. 10-9 1555 CImino Del Mar • 
• Del Mar Plaza Sun. 11-6 Street Level· 792-9211 • 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

IAUD'IOFILS 
compact discs • tapes • home audio 

FREE COMPACT DISCS?? 
Nobody gives away free CD's, but at the 

AUDIOFlLE, you'll receive the highest trade-
in allowance for your used CD's. Generally, 
3 quality trade-ins will be good for 2 used 
CD's of your choice . Or, you may choose 
from a large selection of the newest and 
best CD's out. Free CD's? Nope, j ust the 

best deal in town! 

IN STOCK: NEW REI EASES by The Cure, Paul Simon, 10,000 Maniacs, 
The Outfield, Edie Brickell, Traveling Wilburys, The Charlatans, George 
Michael, Robert Cray, tnformation Society, and more! 
As alw~"" to _,..... ........ you buyJ 

lAUDIO;:ILi: 
Hours: ~ 1(}8 • Sat. & Sun. 11-6 

1030 Toney Pines Rd .. La Jolla 
Comer of Herschet Ave. and Toney Pines Rd. 

In Downtown La Jolla 459-A 

", __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ 

~5 Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively V\N and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 

.!.\Ist _t COOJI)On end valid ucso 10 at tme 01 1Strnat.. 
Not valid willi ""*" engne Of trClWTWlion oepcn. 

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
Ab.)ut Us;" They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask U. For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT nRE 



4 OPINION 

OPINION 
The UCSD Guardian Friday, November 2, 1990 

CALIFORNIA'S ENVIROMENTAL INITIATIVE: PRU & COf\ 

I PRO: Big Green will 
promote the health and 
welfare of Californians 
By Robyn Smith 

A BIG BOOST OR A BIG BUST? 
As the appointed Environmental 

Officer to the A.S. and a principle 
member of the Greens of UCSD, I am 

frustrated and appalled at the lack of 
interest and concern that I see from 
students on this campus. 

Marc Uptergrove/Guardian 

(n particular, my frustration lies 
with the ambivalence of students 

toward environmental issues; from littering, to 
trashing recyclables, and wasting water. If this is the 
"Decade of the Environment," and students are 
supposed to be the "forerunners of the future," and the 
campus is supposed to be a forum for new, innovative 
ideas and practices, then why aren ' t people here more 
environmentally aware? Why aren't there more 
students active in the Recycle Co-op, and the Greens 
ofUCSD? 

Not onJy do apathetic students need to take a stand 
by voting in Tuesday's election, but they need to be 
educated about the initiatives so that they can make 
responsible choices without being deceived by 
confusing ballot language. Students should be aware 
that there are only two "true" environmental initiatives 
on the ballot, Propositions 128 and 130, also known as 
Big Green and Forests Forever. The other two so-
called environmental initiatives are merely farces 
constructed by big industries to cancel out the parts of 
Propositions 128 and 130 which will affect their bank 
accounts. 

Big Green is a landmark initiative for the United 
States. If it passes in California, it will set a precedent 
for other states to pass similar initiatives. Written and 
sponsored by major environmental groups, such as the 
Sierra Club and the National Resources Defense 
Council, and promoted largely by citizen volunteers, 
Big Green has truly been designed to protect the 
health of Californians and our natural environment. 

Yes, Big Green is very comprehensive. It covers 
many areas of our environment that need immediate 
attention. Specifically, Big Green plans to phase out 
the use ofCFC's (chloroflurocarbons) by the year 

1997, and to reduce carbon dioxide emissions 
(mostly responsible for the Greenhouse 

Effect) by 40 percent by the year 20 I O. It 
will establish stringent standards for the 

discharge of sewage and toxins into coastal waters and 
prevent offshore oil drilling, except in the case of a 
national emergency. 

Big Green will also protect ancient redwoods by 
providing a $200 million fund to purchase ancient 
redwood stands threatened by logging. It will also 
encourage the expansion of s ustainable agriculture and 
the use of recycled products. Last but not least, by 

See PRO, Page 5 

I CON: Proposition 128 is not the answer to Cal~omia's environmental woes 
B G Di As · t Q .. Ed·t As much as I support these however I am a realist Sacramento another system to marupulate. Any y reg xon, socia e pinion lor , ,. . h deal f ·11 

Big Green is an aptly named propos i- The State of California cannot afford to spend the ~on~y elected office With. sue a gre~t . 0 power.wl 
tion in that it seeks to save the environ- that this measure will cost. The long term cost of thiS bill bec~me the play~mg of SpeCial mterests. It Will be 

b d· b· ·1 f the is "unknown" according to the state legislative analyst besieged by envlfonmental groups on the one hand, ment y spen 109 a Ig pi eo · . d b · b . th th At best this could lead 
taxpayer's "green ." This initiative is one The long list of costs in the voter's information guide an Ig . us~ness on . eo . er. , . 
of the most controversial measures on the totals over $90 million yearly, not including the costs of to a vactllatmg and inconsistent office. At worst, It 
N be ball t the bonds that the bill authorizes ($535 million total). could e nd up as a pawn of those Prop. 128 was meant ovem r 0 . I· h fi 1 b · b . I would like to first state that J am This does not include an estimated $2 billion loss in oil to contro In t e IfSt pace: Ig usmess . 

ed bo t th envlf· onment and gas revenues due to the measure's restrictions. Enforcement would also be a problem created by very concern a u e . . . I · be d . . t d 
. . ed ., If d All told " Big Green" will cost taxpayers more money the bill. Its sweep 109 regu allons must a miniS ere 

I wtsh to see It preserv lor myse an my, b If he Offi f th E· mental 
children. Environmentalism is a healthy movement than they can afford. Given the passage of Prop. 128, the y someo~. t . IC': 0 environ be f 
whose time has come. 

Despite this, ( have serious reservations about 
Proposition 128, "Big Green." The measure does 
have many admirable goals: the reduction of pest i-
cides and toxic chemicals. the reduction of vehicular 
and industrial emissions, the regulation of air and 
water quality, and resource management. It also 
allocates money to save the old-growth redwood 
forests. All of these are causes which I support and 
which I feel are in the public's long-term interest. 

state will have two choices: Get the money from other Advocate IS to do It, there would be huge nu~ rs 0 
programs by cutting funds for education and state welfare regulators em~lo~ed for e~forcc;ment. If the Job were 
programs, or raise taxes. Neither alternative is palatable to be left to eXlstlOg agencies, the already 
to most Californians. overburdened staff would be unable to meet the 

The measure also creates an entirely new state proposition's requirements. 
bureaucracy: The Office of the Environmental Advocate. Even if the resolution passes and is put into effect, 
Regardless of who takes this seat, this office will cost the every agency, business, and organization which is 
state millions of dollars to administer, and will only add sanctioned under the teons of the proposition would 
to the problems of an already inefficient bureaucrac.y. . tile suit in court and funher forestall attempts to 

This office will also give our corrupt representatIVes 10 See CON, Page 5 

Friday, November 2, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

PRO: Enviroment needs 
drastic protection 
Continued from page 4 
1997 Big Green aims to phase out all 
pesticides (about 19 currently used) 
that have been tested and found to 
cause cancer or birth defects. Health 
standards for pesticides and toxins will 
be based on the dietary and develop-
mental needs of children, the most 
pesticide-sensitive of our population. 
Additionally, farm workers - the 
people most directly affected by 
pesticide and herbicide use - will 
receive increased protections and 
safety rights . An elected Environmen-
tal Advocate will work to enforce these 
and other health-related laws. 

Big Green covers many areas, but 
all of these need to be dealt with 
immediately in California. It is a health 
issue. People are dying of cancer, 
beaches are so polluted that they have 
to be closed to the public, and smog 
alerts are increasing in frequency and 
severity in major cities. Wildlife and 
natural habitats bear the brunt of this 
human negligence. 

Proposition 135, also known as Big 
Brown, is sponsored by the chemical 
and agriculture industries. It is not an 
environmental initiative out to protect 
our health and environment. It was 
purely constructed as an attack on the 
pesticide portions of Big Green, in an 
effort to protect the special interests of 
the sponsoring groups, the ones who do 
not want to lose out when their cancer-
causing chemicals get banned. The 
opposition to Prop. 128 says it will cost 
too much. Think of how much money 
will be saved by people who are now 
spending a great deal on their health 
because of pollution in the air and 
water, and chemicals on their food! 

They say food prices will go up 
because of the bans. The pesticide 
industry made the same complaints and 
wamings when the widely used DDT 
and Alar were banned years ago, but 
prices remained the same. In fact, there 
are already plenty of available alterna-
tives to the 19 pesticides which will 
gradually be banned if Big Green 
passes. Big Brown is full of deceit. It 
doe~ nothing new to protect 
farmworkers or to remove cancer-
causing pesticides from our food. It 
does not address any of the other major 
environmental issues that need 
attention in California and gives the 
authority over the environment in 
California to an official who would noJ 
be directly required to enforce environ-
mental laws. Most importantly, Big 

Brown was written with a clause that, 
should it receive more votes, would 
nullify sections of Big Green concern-
ing pesticide enforcement for food, 
water, and worker safety. 

The opposition to Big Green claims 
that "it is trying to do too much" and 
that it will cost too much. As previ-
ously mentioned, all of the issues in 
the initiative need immediate atten-
tion. They will have to be dealt with 
sooner or later in our state and they 
are going to cost us money. Aren ' t we 
worth it? The longer we wait to clean 
up our messes, the more it will cost 
when we decide to start. If we act 
now, we can save ourselves and our 
children from having to pay more in 
the future. Starting the clean-up and 
prevention plans now will sooner 
allow us the benefits we are entitled 
to: Clean air to breathe, clean water to 
drink and swim in, and safe food to 
eat. Why should we wait? We can 
vote for it and begin to save our 
environment. 

Other states watching California 
will begin to implement their own 
legislation if Big Green passes on 
Nov. 6. If we fail to vote "yes" on 
Prop. 128 and we fail to vote "no" on 
Prop. 135, then we will not see any 
changes taking place and our health 
will continue to deteriorate along with 
our precious n!ltural resources. My 
message is clear: take a stand on Nov. 
6, and vote yes on Prop. 128 and no 
on Prop. 135, for our future. 
- Robyn Smith la the appointed En-
vironmental OffIcer of the AAocIlted 
S1udenta, and • principle member of 
the Green. of UCSD. 

CON: More viable 
alternatives are available 
Continued from page 4 
protect the environment. We have seen 
with the disaster of Proposition 103 
(the auto insurance initiative), and how 
poorly such programs work in prac-
tice. 

Court battles could delay the 
implementation of the programs 
outlined by Big Green for a number of 
years. (t is even possible that the 
courts would overtum Big Green, if 
not by outright neutralization, by 
taking away its teeth. 

Big Green tries to do too much with 
money California does not have. 
Fortunately, there are alternatives. 
Alternatives that do not further 
obligate the state's future income to 
bond debt. Alternatives that do not 
further complicate an already enor-
mous bureaucracy. Alternatives that do 
not try to do everything in one step. 
Alternatives that California can afford. 

The most viable of these is using 
the Legislature to enact restrictions on 
companies doing business with the 
state. Califomia already has a reputa-
tion as a leader in environmental 
legislation. A recently passed biU 
limits emissions on vehicles sold in 
California and gives ample evidence of 
the legislature 's wiUingness to pass 
environmental legislation. 

There is also an existing structure 
which enforces environmental1aws 
which can be expanded to encompass 
new legislation as it is enacted. This 
will give the power to enforce the laws 
to agencies which have experience 
with and jurisdiction over these 
concerns, without the additional costs 
of creating an entirely new agency. 

A program of environmental 
legislation could be enacted which 
would solve the same problems as Big 
Green, but without the unnecessary 
costs. Legislation to phase out the 
logging industry's cuning down of the 
old-growth redwoods by the year 2000 
- with progressively increasing limits 
on logging over the intervening years 
- should be passed. Legislation to 
prohibit the use and of specific 
pesticides and toxic chemicals should 
be passed soon, as well 

Additional standards to include air 
quality and water resource manage-
ment should be adopted. This is 
.perhaps the most vital area of legisla-
tion. California has already made great 
leaps in this direction but there is more 
that needs to be done. Desalination and 
other water resource management 

techniques have barely been explored 
by California. Air quality needs drastic 
improvement and should be an 
immediate concern addressed by new 
environmental legislation. 

By using the state legislature, costs -
can be reduced by giving each indi-
vidual issue detailed concern, rather 
than by Big Green's approach of 
lumping everything together without 
any specifics and hoping that every-
thing turns out alright. 

The legislature can operate within 
existing environmental organizations 
to gain the support necessary for 
implementing and enforcing the 
institutional ties rather than having to 
establish new ties between organiza-

, 'Big Green tries to do too 
much with money California 
does not have. Fortunately, there 
are alternatives. Alternatives that 
do notfurtherobligate the state's 
future income to bond debt. Al-
ternatives that do not try to do 
everything in one step. Alterna-
tives that California can afford." 

tions whose responsibilities would 
overlap and conflict with the Office of 
the Environmental Advocate. 

Using the legislature to enact 
environmental legislation does carry 
the danger of special interest lobbying 
for exceptions to the rules. Despite 
this, California has been able to pass 
some of the toughest environmental 
programs in the country. If public 
pressure continues to mount on the 
issues, and environmental groups 
continue to play active roles, the 
legislature will follow the will of the 
people. 

Big Green does have admirable 
goals, and its intentions are very good. 
Unfortunately, the methods used are 
just not practical, given the current 
status of the state economy. (f Califor-
nia had a great deal of unallocated 
funds, Big Green might be justifiable. 
But California does not, and will not 
any time soon, have enough money to 
pay for anything above and beyond our 
current commitments. It is sad, but it is 
true. 

Big Green is a nice idea, but it is 
too expensive and it neglects a more 
practical alternative. 

Perspectives on the 
Environment 

BENSON 1~5PEUE51 

Let US pennit nature to have her own way: she understands her 
business better than we do. 

- Michel de Montaigne 

Touch the earth, love the eanh, honor the earth, her plains, her 
valleys, her hills, and her seas; rest your spirit in her solitary places. 

- Henry Boston 

People have got to wlCierstand that the conunandment, "Do 
unto others as you would that they should do unto you» applies 
to animals, plants, and things, as well as people, and that if it is 
regarded as applying only to people ... then the animals, plants 
and things will, in one way or another, do as badly by man as man 
has done by them ... 

- Aldous Huxley 



6 O PINION The UCSD Guardian Friday, Novem ber 2,1990 

Students Should Know Their Options 
Editor: and we'l1 represent your ideals in are before looking at our ballots. lutely no basis for that statement. It 

Ina trangewaylagreewithJeff Washington. Right? Wrnllg. Two- Opponents of the measure criti- is typical of their kind of larvae to 
Pinnan ("Send Them to the Arena," party candidates bank on the fact cizethe provisionofmatching public pull such a "fact" out oftheircollec-
Oct.26):Thetwo-panysy temmust that you'll vote for the lesser of two funds forothelWise silencedcandi- tive anus and treat it as the truth. By 
go. L too, am dissatisfied with the evils. They just have to keep one up dates, but are they not arguing against the way, the completely irrelevant 
ystem, but unlike Pitman,l would on theiropponem, and they've got democracy within a society which use of the catch-phrase "book-

not advocate the use of violence, in you, never mind the possibility that is highly dependent on mass media burning" will not, as they intend, Are We fact or fantasy, to bring about its you may want more than a pre- for public discourse? And are they prejudice anybody except for 
a ~ end. I am a new member of the packaged, commercial product for not arguing that big money and mindless vermin like themselves. I n:~ic Peace and Freedom Party. I would a representative. special interests should have as they find the idea of censorship appall-encourage everyone to consider The last time I checked, we still already do the greater say in what ing, and I never expressed any sort 

voting for th.ird pany candidates, have the right to vote for whomever political "choices" appear on the' of support for it. Again, they serve Interest? 
even Libertarians - they're not all we wish, even penciling in our own ballot? I think they are. But I want todrivemypointshomebyillustrat- WllClfDo barbarians, you know. name. Few of us, however, exercise more choices and fairercampaigns; ingperfectlythetypeofpropaganda 

When we step into the voting our rights; instead, we bend for a that 's whyI am voting "yes" 00 131. which the N 1. uses in lieu of facts. You'ntinlc.'r booth on Tuesday, what choices "0" or an "R," lest our vote not So, what's it gonna be? Coke, or For those simpletons who were 
will we have? "R" or "O"? Yes or count. Pepsi? unable to understand my first letter, The UCSD Guardian 
No? Moe or Larry? How about The only vote that does not count Vote! I will simplify the theme: The First welcomes )'OUr leiters and 
Curly? It is true that one choice is no is the vote that is not cas!. If you are James Minton Amendment grants the New Indi- commentuies. ~ 
choice, but a choice of two isn't like me and do not like either of two cator the right to print whatever lelerathGc.adi 
much better. major candidates running for an Toscano Responds they want, and I agree that they (on the seoond floor cl the If we watch too much TV, we office, register your dissatisfaction should be able to do so. old StudentCerUer, above 
will have a choice of Coke or Pepsi. by voting for the minor candidate of Editor: I feel no need to burn copies of the GenEral Store) or mail Wernay believe that the whole world your choice of pencil in "none of the A few issues ago,I expressed my the N 1., as some ignorant pig-dogs 
is partitioned into those who think above." But whatever you do, doo't opinion about the New Indicator. would have people believe. How- itio: 
Coke is it and those who make the let your dissatisfaction keep you Now, I am considered by my two ever, IdonotwishtopayfortheNl. Opinion Edib" 
choice of a new generation. But away from the polls - unless, of friends Joe Tucker and Jay Lindow I do not feel that theN 1. is worthy of Guardian 
what if you don't want a cola, or course, you really don't care for to be a fascist, a gay basher, and a the students' money. 9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
even another kind of soda? Person- democracy. "political neanderthal," to use their Lastly, I would like to address La JoIIO, CA 92093-
ally, I would prefer to have a Kern 's Furthermore, I encourage all to witty terminology. the fact that I was referred to as 0316 
Mango Nectar. And what would vote ''yes'' on Prop. 131. While I Their letter represents a perfect "nanuw-minded." Having no pur- cb~c!:C you prefer? When I loolc at the people don't see term limitation as the an- example of the type of lies the New pose in life but to "fight the power" 
in our society ,I don't see one or two swer where voter apathy is the Indicator spreads. All I said was 

- that is nanuw minded. The only include a.r.: and a basic types; I see people ripe with problem,Ido believe that campaign that I did not wish to have the money apparent reason they offer for call- ~ nu • Unsigned diversity and individual creativity. spending limits and matching pub- for such biased, unfactual journal- ing me "narrow-minded" is that I win not be primed. Our society is a plurality, but lic funds will enhance the standing ism come out of my pocket. Now, disagree with them. 
those who would run the political of third-party candidates. It is a pity they accuse me of implying that no But for them and their ilk, that We reserve the righttoedit 
show would give us an over-ripe that most of us have absolutely no money should go to abbdabbs, seems to be enough. for length and dOri1y. 
duality. Choose yourCokeorPepsi, ideawhothesealtemativecandi.dates LGBA,andMEChA. There is abso- R .Toscano 

A DEll€IOIJS DEAL! 
Savor the 

shopping at 
Costa Verde 

Center 
. and lunch 

is on us! 

Rroeem your store receipts for a free SS.OO lunch Monera 
certificale al!hemail office On! recei pts dated from October I 
through November 30. 1990 -::;;r.pply. CerWlcale must be 
redeemtd in full al a single restawant belore November 30. 1990 
and is not redeemable for cash. :::J 
Cmmc..te availabilities "'" limited. offef good only wlule 
supphes \ast. Limit two C<rtificales per person. plcase. 
Mall Office how> Monday·Friday 9 =5 pm 

Now is the periJc;t lime to di8mver Colla 
Verde's one.of .. kind ClJlllbbMtion of 

shops and 881'rice1J. Bec:auae now 
you can get everything you need 

in one lIIlIUly p1.ce, and gel 
IUIICh in the bargain. 

Buy $50 or more in center 
merchandile and set a free 
$5.00 Luoc;h Money certi6· = toward your food 

at any one of 
these Colla Verde Center 
eateries: 
Allies 
DiMattia's PizUl and Pasta 
Heid i's Frogen Yozurt 
Hot Wok Cafe 
La Jolla Seas Restaurant 
McDonalda' 
Soup Exchange 

Subway 
Sush i Bar Kazumi 

La Salsa 

(OSTA V ERDE 
TIle corner of Genessee Avenue and La lolla 

Villdge Drive. For infomiitlion call 453-9270. 

FEATURES 
Friday, November 2, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

illus trations br .... 1IIroeIofGuan1ian 

ON TOP OF 
THE· WORLD 
• Balloning offers 
romance, adventure, 
and a once-in-a-
lifetime experience 
By HeMe Ademt 
GuIJtdian Reporter 

In the midst of the concrete and construction 
at UCSD, several gaily-colored hot air balloons 
slowly rise over the Del Mar horizon. The 
balloons' bright colors, and slow, noiseless, 
gliding motion can magically lure spectators 
into a once-in-a-lifetime experience. 

Balloon-riding starts when passengers are 
taken to a big field where they can watch tho 
transformation of a tiny bag of cloth into a big 
bright balloon. Once the balloon is inflated, the 
passengers are urged to jump into the basket 
quickly while the ground crew hangs on to the 
balloon to keep it from flying away. Upon 
release, the balloon floats upwards to join eight 
to 10 others in the sky. 

Once in the air, the motion of the balloon is 
so subtle thai one is constantly looking over the 
edge to make sure the balloon is airborne. The 
passengers are then treated to a spectacular 
view of the Del Mar coastal area. Although the 
balloons rise above 1000 feet, "even people 

who are afJaid of heights enjoy balloon rides 
because the movement is so serene," Tma 
Coleman. "pilot for Del Mai Balloons, said 

To navigate the balloon. the pilot must be 
able to feel subtle changes in the wind direc-
tion, according to Coleman. During the flight, 
the pilot constantly receives infonnation about 
the weather from a ground crew that follows 
the balloon. The pilot uses a propane burner to 
rise or fall to the desirabk wind level. By using 
just the right amount of beat, the pilot can skim 
along the trees or follow other balloons. 

Passenaera are told to brace themselves 
against the side of the basket when landing. 
Using beat as a brake, the pilot slowly lowers 
the balloon to the ground. Since the balloon 
cannot stop abruptly, it d.r.lgs along the groulld 
until the ground crew can prevent it from 
tipping over. Upon arrival, Del Mar Balloons 
passengers who are over 21 are served cbam-
pagne and SiWCks while the pilot tells stories 
about the history of the hot air balloon. 

Although today hot air balloon rides are 
advertised as romantic, the origin of the 
balloon was less than romantic. 

In the late 1700s two men in Paris, the 
Montgolfier brothers, were standing near a 
rubbish fire when they saw a bas floating away 
in the smoke. Attributing the flight to the black 
smoke.theyp~ toe~peri~twith 

See ADVENTURE, Page 8 

FEATURES 7 

Balloons Fascinate Both 
Children and Adults 
Throughout History 
By John Steckert 
Guardian Reporter 

"And all the balloons of Paris came down to Pascal , 
dancing around him, twisting their strings into one strong 
one and lifting him up into the sky." - Lamorisse. 

Mankind has always been fascinated by the heavens. 
Like Pascal, at the end of Lamorisse 's "The Red Bal-
loon," we also want to float among the clouds, a free 

spirit pulled along by the breeze. 
This desire lead 181h century man to unsuccess-

fully emulate the flight of a bird, and brought to 
light an invention that would - within three 
centuries - carve a niche for itself within almost 
every aspect of society, and find a place in the 
hearts of both children and adults. 

The origin of the balloon is attributed to the 
experiments of brothers Joseph and Etienne 

Montgolfier, although explanations are vary as to 
how they actually came upon the notion. 

According to Balloons Fly High , by Lynne and Gray 
Poole, the inspiration came from children playing wilh 
small paper spheres on the streets of Paris . Within each 
sphere a candle flickered; when children released them. 
they floated into the air. 

The People's Almanac, by Oavid Wallechinsky and 
Irving Wallace, tells a different tale, one in which the 
discovery was made within the Montgolfiers ' own home. 
The brothers, it was told, were sitting by the fire as the 
household laundry was being hung over it to dry. There 
was a petticoat among the clothes, and as it was placed on 
the line, the heat from the fire inflated it. 

Regardless of which story is accurate, the fact remains 
that these two French paper-mill owners began the quest 
for the balloon. 

Through systematic research, they began to give shape 
to their ideas, and in November 1782, the first rudimen-
tary balloon was formed, according to The Orton Book of 
Balloons by Charles Oollfus. The device was a hollow 
cube of silken fabric. When Joseph filled it with hot air, it 
shot up to the ceiling of his room. This experiment was 
repeated in public with equal success. 

After this, the small cube was replaced by a larger 
sphere made of linen and paper. It was launched before 
French government officials on June 4th, 1783, and it 
touched off a balloon craze. 

Competing inventors sought to modify and build upon 
the Montgolfier brothers' work. The entire nation of 
France was sucked into the romanticism of ballooning. 
Snuffboxes, porcelain, and paper fans were either shaped 
like balloons or were printed like them, according to 
Dollfus. 

The buying frenzy continued as people made ascents 
into the air. In 1785, a light-weight airtight material 
called "goldbeater's skin" was developed. Smaller 

See BALLOONS, Page 9 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

P.L.E.A. Gives Bargain 
Advice to Pre-Law Students 

By Stephen Bach 
Staff Writer 

This year approxi-
mately 100,00 applica-
tions are anticipated by 
the 175 ABA approved 
law schools. 

With uch heated 
competition for the few 
spaces available every year, any extra edge 
over the competition becomes crucial. 

That 's where the Pre-Law Education Asso-
ciation (p.L.E.A.) comes in. 

This student-run organization is devoted to 
offering the latest information on what the law 
schools require and the means of meeting these 
requirements. 

"The club provides students with the oppor-
tunity to find out more about the legal field, to 
talk with other students, a chance to network, 
and gain insights into the law school applica-
tion process," Student Activity Advisor Linda 
Stack said. 

Theorganization has been active since 1980, 
and through the years has held various debates 
and legal forums dealing with such critical 
issues as abortion, drugs, and the death penalty. 

These forums have also offered opportuni-
ties for students to meet attorneys who offer 
advice about the realities of practicing law. 

lUWIR RH:mmS \ ~mm 

P.L.E.A. also 
plans periodic 
field trips to law 
schools. The stu-
dents are given 
opportunities to 
talk directly to ad-
missions officers, 
and to attend on-

going classes. Free campus tours are also an 
added bonus. 

"The club's a good way to make future 
business contacts by meeting practicing attor-
neys and we also help lessen the fear of the 
whole process of getting into law school," 
President Kurt Kieselbach said. 

"It's a good opportunity to gain some com-
petitive insight into the process," Lisa Wain-
wright, a P.L.E.A. member, said. 

The club is open to new members and is 
currently recruiting any students who are plan-
ning to go to law school, are interested in 
meeting new people, or who want to learn 
more about the field oflaw. 

P.L.E.A. is currently in the process of 
amending its constitution, and electing its ex-
ecutive officers. 

P. L.E.A.'s weekly meetings are on 
Wednesdays at 5 p.m., on the second floor of 
the Price Center's University Center lobby. 

iC TWO OF THE BEST * 
• ALBUMS OF THE YEAR* 

11.99cOMPAO DISC 7. 99CASSETTE 
~ ... ** .... 

*... """ 
'M>RLD PARTY 
GOODBYE JUMBO 

ADVENTURE 
Continued from page 7 
various balloons by building the 
blackest and foulest fires underneath 
them they could manage. 

Theirexperimentssucceeded, and 
in 1783 the first manned balloon 
flew. 

It is traditional to carry a bottle of 
champagne on board a balloon. This 
idea stems from the early days of 
balloon aviation when pilots always 
brought along champagne as com-
pensation for potential damage the 
balloon could cause when landing in 
a farmer 's field. 

Balloon passengers feared that 
farmers would be hostilely inclined 
to the unknown flying object so 
"champagne was carried as proof 
they were from planet Earth," 
Coleman said. 

While "balloons were used dur-
ing the war to sight for submarines," 
Coleman said, "now they are used 
more as a form of transportation." 
Both private and commercial pilots 
must obtain their licenses from the 
Federal Aviation Administration, 
after passing both a written and oral 
exam. 

To learn how to fly, pilots can 
take crash courses with the Liberty 

Friday, November 2,1990 

Balloon School which tours the 
country. Then, many people buy their 
own balloon and take lessons from 
flying instructors, according to 
Coleman. A four-person balloon costs 
about $15 ,000, he said. 

A popular pastime for balloon 
pilots is going to balloon festivals 
such as the International Balloon Fi-
esta in Albuquerque, New Mexico, 
which is usually attended by more 

"All kinds of people fly 
in balloons. What at-
tracts people to balloons 
is their magical quality." 

- TIna Coleman, 
Balloon Pilot 

that 1 ,600 balloonists. There, pilots 
race balloons in accuracy contests, 
where the pilots must navigate the 
winds in order to get as close as pos-
sible to markers on the ground. 

According to Ed Rowley from Air 
Affaire, another ballooning company, 
Del Mar is particularly suited for hot 
air balloons. Balloons are sensitive to 
extreme weather changes but Del Mar's 
mild climate allows balloons to fly 

See ADVENTURE, Page 9 

THE BEST CHICKEN 

Delicious. Marl.'lCIIed. Hot from the RoIi.serie. •• 
Gounnet Sauces: Barbecue, Salso, Honey Mustard 
Great Side Dishes: Salads, Brown Rice, Vegelarian Beans, 
Baked Potalo & more ... n.. lest Pric •• Eat in or Take out. 

--------------------'."COKE- I I WIllI An,.. zoot'. CWdr.. ,.".... I 0II.r Valid Irru No.embeo 30, 1990 I 
L 4150 Regents Parit R_, La Jolla • -450-9094 (Noxllo Ben & JerrY$) .J 
--------------------

2 TANS $1 
- ... Uu a euper .. MIon that 
never happened, (bringing 
togethat tha AoHlng Sto".., 
lha leatt.., Van Momaon, 
lob Dylan, the lend, luffalo 
Springfield. Sly Slo .. , 

.. Ar. you okay?" I. thl 
place whlre deedly dance 
groov •• meet pop hook. 
Ind floating Jazz rHf. 

NEW CLIENTS 
ONLY 

One for You, One for a Friend 

the I, .. , lhe 8Mch 80ya 
end, through the magic of 
onochronlom; Prince)" 

the Interracial Intermu.lcal 
agora of the futur • . 

-MUSICIAN 

SEE WORLD PARTY ON 
SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE 
NOVEMBER 10TH 

-LA. TIMES 

c~. 
."!.LENOS 

NOVEMIIE''', ,teO 

OPIN.AM TO MIDNIGHT · 365 DAn A YIAII 

DMKRIPKE 
staDcis lor womeD's 

r.bts aDd reproductive 
cboice. 

For 8437 

COLLEGE AREA 
M05 EI CIIjon Blvd. 

next ao Art St. Poet 011. 

WIIk-lnl or till 
for~ 

OPEN: '1Ion..s.t. .. 7 
I WI do _ -. u. .,..., sa_ I 
• Full Set .................. $16.95 
• Fills ........................ $10.95 
• Pedicure ................ $10.95 
• Manicure ...... .. .. .... . .. $5.95 

PAID INTERNSHIPSI 
(Positions Limited) 

Applications/Interviews be-
Inc taken now for the best 
summer buslneu Internship 
you can find, Earn $6· 
$12,000+ while ma~nc 
your branch of UNIVERSITY 
PAINTING PROFESSIONALS 
dull", IUmmet 1991. 

CalI1~LL-UPP today. 

Cali for deullls • 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Not a te"1lOllry water losS : fIeduo8 celluile and stretch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. 1204 
455-0909 EliI*- 11I30III0 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dennatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation. 
Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
If intere.ted, call SH-'49SS (leave name and number) 

or can SH-6&4 7. 

;:: 

U>lnettlaRS in St'Qre 
rJComediatl~ • 
00 Htmiltoq.wbo:hu been 
. fealUn!don "The Tonitrht . 
Show" over 20 time&, wiD 
headline tonight ($B). tomor-
row night ($10). and Sunday 
night ($6) at the Comedy Store 

, in La Jolla. Dave Tyree add 
Donna Cherry will open the 
shows. For IlIOn: infonnation. 
can 454-9126. 

. ,', ,"; ", .,'. -t.,d'· """, 

SuShi Rerfo~ 
r:-:) Art tHea On new-' 

~ dimensions when Los 
Angeles performai)ce artists '. 
Curtis Yark .00 Luis Alfaro 
bring their solo acts to the 
Sushi GaUery. York will launch 
"Truth Bombs. U challenging . 
religious history. while Alfaro 
,will characterize Los Angd~· 
IlO$ in ··DoWntown.!' Perfor-
mances _~'and~" 
lOW night at 8 p.m. ~1tC 
$10. 85l Bf&bttJ.AYe., dOft: 
tOwn. For mote. infOl'lllltim; 
QU 235-8466. .. 

SATURDAY 
Reduced 
Shakespeare 
o The entire works of the 
00 Bard are brought to the 
stage in a mad-cap evening of 
bawdy jokes and slapstick 
comedy. The show starts at 8 
p.m. in the Mandeville Audito-
rium. Tickets are available it 
the UCSD Box Office aild 
TicketMaster outlets. 

indigo tones 
deep, but not . 
necessarily dark 

By l eng Loh Hiatus Ed/tot 

The heart of a skeptic and the mind of a child, 
Put my lift in a box and let my imagination run 

wild 
Pour the cement for my feet. 
The heart and mind on a parallel course 
Never the two shall meet 

- «You and Me of the 10,000 Wars» 
Black and white, heaven and hell , dark and 

light, heart and mind. Emily Saliers and Amy 
Ray of the Indigo Girls may sometimes sound 
as if they think there i~ no middle ground ~ 
life - but they do believe shades of grey eXIst 
in the universality of experiences. 

"To some critics we may be very dark and 
depressing," Saliers said in a recent telep~one 
interview, " but we get a lot ofletters saymg 
we're much more therapeutic than depress-
ing. Amy and I sing about personal experi-

ences, and there are a lot of things that people 
go through that are the same kinds of experi-
ences. What artists need to do is just be honest 
about their feelings; I think it makes the world 
less alienating by sharing those experiences. 
You know, it's kind of like, 'Dh, you went 
through that too? So did I, let me tell you 
about it' - that sort of thing." 

I'm trying to tell you something about my life. 
Maybe give me i~uight between black and whtte 
The best thing yo,, '17e ever done for me 
Is to help me take my life less seriously, i~s orlly life 

after all. 
- erCloser to Fim" 

The two Georgian singer-songwriter-guitar-
ists often seem to naturally fit into the carego-
rie of black and white in their Page H4 

Friday. November 2. 1990 Hl 



2 HIATUS 

Quialev Down Under Avalon 
While ftalace Fantasia 
Memphis ..... Jacob' 5 Ladder 

Sibling Rivalry 

University Town Center 452-7766 

Avalon Henry & June 
Memphis Belle Sibling Rivalry 

White Palace 
Graveyard Shift 

453-7-831 
Tune In Tomorrow 

Mr. Destiny 
Jacob's Ladder 

Ghost 

283-5909 
Nov. 2·3: Me •• ~ a lilan 

Nov. 4: The Oadd ... R_b..cIl 
Adam'. worW 

Nov. 5: Mo' ..... 1I_/Do The Right Thing 
Nov. 7-10: It. Chl_ Ghost Story 

Ii" •• """ Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 
Horror Picture ShOw 

IN THE NEWS 
What does Epic records see in the post-

industrial dance band Front 242? Well, it 
seems like they see a hell of a lot. Not every 
newly-signed band to the CBS subsidiary has 
had a multimedia party at the famous gothic-
club Helter Skelter thrown for them. 

Last Monday, the Belgian trio basked in the 
awe of their fans, promoting their flrstrelease 
from their upcoming album <your album 
name here>. 

Amidst the black lights and paint, the walls 
of Helter Skelter were draped with shots 
from the video for the single, crafted by 
Depeche Mode/U2 video director Anton 
Corjbin. Although characteristic of his style 
of videomaking, Corjbin's latest production 
will be a little more interesting than his last 
few videos, and if the album sounds anything 
like the first single, "Tragedy For You," it is 
sure to be well received in dance clubs ev-
erywhere. 

The image of the album itself was created 
. by the band members. They explained that all 
they used was a $700 Amiga computer to 
generate the "Olympic swimmer on acid" 
image for the album (wait until it comes out, 
you'Il understand). 

And what does Front 242 see in Epic? Alot 
more than they see in Wax Trax records, to be 
sure. The synth trio walked away from a total 
control contract with the independent record 
label for Epic. "Our contract with Epic gives 
us total control as well." It seems the begin-
ning of a beautiful relationship for the two. 

- Reported by Paul Bishop 

The UCSD Guardian Friday, November 2,1990 

Music For The Masses 
By James E. Ingman 
Editorial Assistant 

With the rise of rap and world beat in recent 
years, America has taken a new look at fonns of 
musical expression. This new understanding has 
hown that music is not only entertainment, but it 

is an integral part of daily life, in both American, 
and other cultures. 

It isAssociate ProfessorofMusicology Marnie 
Dilling's responsibility to incorporate these ideas 
into an interesting and entertaining course. The 
results of her ·endeavors are found in UCSD's 
Music 13: World Music. While the class now 
satisfies a number of general education require-
ments, Dilling wishes to see it integrated into the 
Sociology or Ethnic Studies department. 

Dilling hopes that she will learn from her 
students. On the first day of class, she gave her 
students a questionnaire about their own favorite 
fonns of music. " Amazed" with the diverse styles 
that her students listen to, Dilling says she found 
the inventiveness of rap particularly intriguing. 

"If you take an away from the black youth, 
they invent graffiti," she says. " Don't give them 
dance fonns and they'll take to the streets with 
break-dancing. So, too, if they're not provided 
with the means to make their own music, they rap. 
It's a very interesting process where the creativity 
will come up .. . be ripped offby the Elvises of this 
world, and then bubble up in a different fonn." 

The course, itself, looks at music around the 
world in relation to people's lives, and their 
cultures. "It's kind of what holds the tribe to-
gether," Dilling states. "[The culture is] what we 
don't have 'cause we don't live in the same 
village, but the music draws us together." In this 
sense the course analyzes a particular region's 
music both for its musical merit and also its social 
value: what the music has to say about the people 
of the region 's politics and actions. 

Students in the course are treated to numerous 
guest lecturers who demonstrate the musical styles 
studied. Regions examined this quarter included: 
Africa, South America, and Asia, which is Dilling 's 
speciality. In the future, she says, the class will 
explore music of the Pacific R im and the Middle 
East. 

However, Dilling states that she "would like this 
to be a three-quarter sequence" so that the course 
can go into more depth on a particular region. As it 
is now, Dilling sees the task of teaching music of the 
world as too"overwhelming" for one class, because 
the infonnation tends to become "superficial" with 
a large class in such a short period of time. 

"And I do regret the whole grading system," 
Dilling states. "Maybe it's the sixties instincts in 
me, but I refuse to teach only what is testable." 

In addition to guest lecturers, students are required 
to attend a number of outside on-campus 
perfomances. These concerts cover a multitude of 
musical styles and cultures. Over the past quarter, 
the class has seen R. Carlos Nakai, a native North 
American Indian flutist, and Dance Brazil, a troupe 
that perfonned a number of different traditional 
dances ranging from manial arts dance to samba. 

Still, Dilling states that structuring the course, 
i.e. the regions covered that quarter, "wiU be quite 
a challenge because I will never be able to fix the 
course-i t will all depend upon what's up-coming." 
Dilling expresses excitement over the large amount 
of variety that this teaching approach provides. 

Presently, she is looking forward to some of the 
concerts for next quarter and has several surprises 
planned. Students will witness Queen Ida and the 
Bon Temps Zydeco Band in February. For that 
particular show, Dilling says that "we're not going 
to sit in the [Mandeville] Auditorium, they're coming 
to the [Price Center) Ballroom where we can really 
move. We' ll have some people there to teach us a 
few steps beforehand and then we'll dance! " 

Ethno-music%gist Mamie Dilling with her source of inspiriation: A Korean 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

e Pregnancy Termination 
eGeneraL or Local Anesthesia 
e Low Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conception) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
e Student Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

Q';r;! fM.iI.i.I a choice 

. .. Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

Friday, November 2, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Youthful Defiance 
By Paul Bishop 
Staff Writer 

/ stole my sister's boyfriend. It 
was a/l whirlwind, heat andflash. 
Within a week we killed my parents 
and hit the road. What?? 

This is the script with Raymond 
Pettibon 's drawing that adorns the 
front of Sonic Youth'smostrecent 
recording, Goo. This, their sixth 
album, represents nine years of 
turning the underground music 
scene upside down, challenging 
the limits of what garage-guitar 
music can be. 

Over the years, the popularity 
of Sonic Youth's music has sub-
sequently allowed them to outgrow 
half of the underground labels in 
the United States. 

This quanet, notorious as " the 
most independent of independent 
bands," has now recorded, pro-
duced, and promoted their first 
album on a major label. As they 
stand at the brink of this possible 
commercial success, one might 
wonder, have they also risked the 
chance of selling out? 

Hell no. 

"After a while, it gets really 
tiring to be asked over and over 
about whether or not we think we 
sold out," Ranaldo said. "No one 
thinks we've sold OUI. It 's just that 
we're on a commercial label and 
everyone expects that to happen. 
The only thing that changed is that 
there was more money put into it, 
and it didn ' t make a bit of differ-
ence on the music." 

It's asurprising statement, when 
for the last twenty years, money 
has made too many good bands 
tum sour. 

"r can see how it can happen," 
Ranaldo said. "We were given so 
much time in the studio to record , 
re-record, and get everything just 
right. With all the time and money 
spent we ended up using mostly the 
original ideas we started with. That 
aspect of the money I don't think 
helped the album. We eventually 
learned to ignore all outside sug-
gestions and just do what we in-
tended to do." 

" We 're obvi -
ously really hon-
ored for that," Ra-
naldo said, "but we 
don ' t see the com-
parison. We loved 
them, but our mu-
sic isn't really 
comi ng from that 
direction. I think it 
takes a little more 
than just being from 
the same area of 
New York to be 
truly compared to a 
band like thaI." 

HIATUS 3 

Goo is proof that an under-
ground college band can overcome 
the temptation of "corporate op-
pression," as bassist Kim Gordon 
puts it. Guitarist Lee Ranaldo of 
Sonic Youth explained in an inter-
view with Hiatus that, actually, 
one of the major hassles of signing 
to a major record company was not 
the pressure from the record com-
pany, but the label that the press 
tried to drop on them. 

No one in their right mind could 
say Goo is commercial. Ranaldo 
and fellow Sonic Youth guitarist 
Thurston Moore 's bizarre guitar 
tunings make the group produce a 
sound unlike any xerox copy bond 
on MTV today. 

Sonic Youth 
have been on the 
second leg of their 
tour now for a little 
under a month . 
Ranaldo said that 
while touring, he 
and the rest of Sonic 
Youth have been 
listening to other 
bands that, like 
themselves, pro-
duce music a little 
far from the norm. 
Such examples in-
clude Dinosaur Jr., 

From left to right: Ranaldo, Shelley, Moore, and Gordan 

e 

I n 
• 

It 's probably for their 
innovativeness that the band has 
been subject to frequent compari-
sons by the media to Lou Reed's 
brainchild, The Velvet Under-
ground, of the late sixties. 

d • 1 g 

Laughing Hyenas, and Public 
Enemy. 

Ranaldo also said they have 
beengettiog into Babes in Toyland, 
one of many all female bands that 
Thurston Moore appears to be 
helpir,g towards s tability in the 
music world. But, according to 

0 
g I r I s 

WITH SPECIAL GUEST 

THE RAVE-UPS 
THIS SUNDAY! 
SAN DIEGO 

SYMPHONY HALL 

Ranaldo, it is actually bassist (and 
wife to Moore) Kim Gordon who 
is the real supporter of these bands. 

"Kim's really into seeing more 
women in music. It's kind of her 
special pet peeve about rock. Both 
of them are very much into seeing 
bands like ourselves get off to a 

good start." 
Sonic Youth should know about 

stability and getting off to a good 
start. Without ever having a man-
ager (until their most recent record 
contract), they've learned that to 
get as far as they have, foresight is 

See YOUTH, page H4 



4 HIATUS 

INDIGOS 
Cont inued from H1 
style: the dark-eyed, brown-haired, 
gntty-voiced Amy Ray belts out 
passionate pleas for survival, while 
the blue-eyed, red-haired, smooth-
voiced Emily Salier sings lyrical 
passages of life. Yet thesc con-
trasting elements help to maintain 
the creati ve tension in the folk duo, 
who have been playing together 
since high choo!. 

"Our songwriting tyles have 
been diverging for a long time," 
Saliers said. "It's not a con cious 
thing, it's just the way we write 
and who our influences are." Saliers 
ci ted Joni Mitchell and Bob Dylan 
as her musical ideals, while, she 
said, Ray listens to more alterna-
tive music like the Replacements 
and Patti Smith. 

"We tried to write a song to-
gether once and it was tenible," 
Saliers chuckled. " We write sepa-
rately just because our vocabulary 
is different, our expression is dif-
ferent, and our style. Amy, !think, 
writes more in these sweeping im-
ages that are not really in a narra-
tive style. She writes ... as if her 
emotion just carried her away, she's 
grabbing onto big images and 
writing them down - a lot of 
color, a lot of passion. 

"I think Amy would say that 
she comes from an anger perspec-
tive or dark side." Saliers contin-
ued. "That's her way of working 
through to the positive, you know, 
staning from that perspective. A 
lot of times, especially on the new 
album, a couple of my songs are 
much more immediately positive, 

and uplifting ." 
She explained that even their 

ongwriting processes differ: 
whereas she has tobeentirely alone 
to compo e a ong, Ray likes to jot 
down lyrics in a room full ofpeople 
and activity. "I almo t write my 
songs sometimes like .. n English 
paper - you tart with just one 
idea and you build around that 
idea," Saliers aid. "I sit there and 
I agonize over these lines, and 
wonder are they really saying ex-
actly what I want them to mean. I 
think Amy kind of like takes in 
environmental stimulation and 

"The whole theme 
behind the album is this 
quest for things that 
transcend humanity." 

- Emily SaUers 

that 's what inspires her." 
Despite their differences, 

Saliers and Ray draw from the 
same pool of knowledge, having 
both majored in English (Ray 
double-majored in religion) at 
Emory University in Atlanta The 
Indigo Girls often call on literary, 
philosophical, and Biblical sources 
in their songwriting. 

But, Saliers clarified, if people 
think the Indigo Girls are trying to 
convert listeners to their faith, "then 
they need to look really closely at 
the lyrics and see that they're not 
specifically Christian - they may 
be Biblical oftentimes, but we're 
not preaching a message of Christ 
specifically. 

"Sometimes the Bible could be 
taken just as a ouree of literature 

ASUCSD 
STUDENT 

The UCSD Guardian 

in it elf," Saliers explained 
"When you're trying to come up 
with an image to de cribe some-
thing, the Bible is just chock full 
of all these powerful image . 

"We were brought up Chris-
tian," she asserted, "but we're not 
fundamentali t Christian. And our 
spiritualitie are different from 
each others', and different from 
what most people would consider 
Christian." In fact, Saliers contin-
ued, Ray has recently started ex-
ploring North American Indian 
spirituality. 

"It' s a very beautiful spiritual-
ity ," Saliers commented, "because 
it takes all thing into account as 
part of the larger sphere; we need 
to respect the sacredness of all 
things, animals and plants and 
oursel ves and the earth." 

The Indigo Girls ' third album 
on Epic Records, nomads· indians 
·saints , reflects their search fCir 
spiritUal fulfillment. 

"When you think of nomads, 
you think of wanderers - people 
who are not tied down to material 
goods, or one place, or things like 
that. And the same thing could be 
said for Indians or saints, as a 
reflection of their spirituality," 
Saliers elaborated. "The whole 
theme behind the album is kind of 
this quest, or journey, for things 
that transcend humanity, earthly 
things. A lot of the songs on the 
album are about quests, about 
knowledge, about the beauty of 
life, like ' World Falls.' It 's about 
loving life so much that you never 
want to leave it, it's about a dream 
of immonality. Which of course 
is impossible, but it's something 

human beings eekanywaY,or wish 
for. " 

The Indigo Girls themselves 
have followed a rather nomadic 
li fe since the 1989 release of their 
self-ti tled debut on Epic Records, 
touring the United States and Eu-
rope with a variety of acts ranging 
from Neil Young to R.E.M. Cur-
rently touring the Southern and 
Western states, they will be per-
fo rming with the Rave-Ups on 
Sunday night, downtown at the 
San Diego Symphony Hall. 

Being on the road has expanded 
her personal views, Saliers re-
vealed. "My world got bigger and 
there were more things to reflect 
on. A lot of songs came out of that 
experience. " 

The first single off nomads· 
indians· saints, "Hammer And A 
Nail ," expresses Saliers' feelings 
about her evolving world view and 
awareness. 

"I get real caught up in things," 
Saliers explained, "and I'm going 
full steam ahead - but then I 
backslide after a while. And then I 
reach this point where I'm just 
thinking about things so much -
the world, my life. Is my life what 
it should be, are my relationships 
with other people what they should 
be, what can I do as an individual, 
maybe what I do does not make a 
difference .... 

"I just get to this point where I 
say shut up already, you know. Go 
out there and do something good, 
get to work and stop thinking so 
much' " 

What: The Indigo Girls 
When: Sun., Nov. 4, 8 p.m. 
Where: Symphony Hall 

CREDIT UNION 
ADVISORY 

COMMlnEE 
NEEDS 

7 STUDENTS! 
Are you interested in becoming more involved in the Student 
Credit Union? If so, contact Anna at the Associated Students 
Office, 534-4450. 

UCSD TRITON PUB 
PRESENTED 
BY -~ ..... -...,... rpr'p. ~ \..I '. "'"_ ..... T_ 

Friday, November 2, 1990 

YOUTH 
Continued from H3 
the key. "It 's all about being able 
to not think about what the band is 
doing right now, but what you 
want it to bedoing in threemonths. 
That was the fi rst thing we learned 
when we did our album with Blast 
First Records," Ranaldo explained. 

Sonic Youth released thei r first 
album in 1982 (merely titled Sonic 
Youth), followed by ConfUSion is 
Sex the next year. 1985 saw the 
release of Bad Moon Rising, which 
included "Death Valley '69" co-
written by porno-psycho-
mediaperson Lydia Lunch. The 
next year the band released 
E.V.O.L. (L.O.V.E. spelled back-
wards), featuring current drum-
mer Steve Shelley. This was fol-
lowed with the popular Sister in 
1987. 

At the forefront of the under-
ground scene, Sonic Youth re-
leased Daydream Nation in 1988, 
and the song "Teen Age Riot" 
went to #1 on alternative charts. 
This was followed up by their trib-
ute to Madonna (underthe guise of 
Ciccone Youth) called The Whitey 
Album. 

With Goo tucked away, what is 
on the horizon for Sonic Youth? 

''I'm really looking forward to 
recording again," Ranaldo said. "I 
think we 'll be more prepared to 
deal with all those elements that 
were new to us this time around. " 

What: Sonic Youth 
When: Sunday, Nov. 4 .. 
Where: Iguana's, Tijuana 

Friday, November 2, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

• GRAND OPENING· 
SEAVIEW BIRKENSTOCK 
Saturday, November 1 • Sunday, November 2 

DEL MAR PLAZA 
1555 Camino Del Mar, Street Level 
Hours : Mon .-Sat .lO·9 • Sunday 11 -7 

This Five Dollar 
"BIRKBILL" can be applied 
to the purchase of any pair 
of Birkell8toc:ks® at 
Seaview Birkentock, Del Mar. 

Excluding special orders. 
Limit of one coupon per 
purchue. Valid until 
November 30, 1990. 

THIS Is WHERE 
IT Au BEGAN 

THE 

~ 
_ SERIFS_ 
From the dusty crossroads of Mississippi 

to the deep swamps of the Louisiana 
Bayou, a series celebrating the birth of 
our country's best music- with new 
collections from BIG Blu 8RooNzy and 

loNNIE JOHNSON, definitive slide guitar and 
Cajun compilations, and a ~ box set 

of every known recorded note by the 
legendary ROBERT ~. 

• 8 dIIeJ ID I8ift 
• dItIIIDY It _ I elM 
· 11ft"""" 

• pmioIIIy ..-.: 1m ed IIIIIeriII 
• eIlnIht Iller .. 

AniIIIIit 01 ........ 
OaC,h hi 

SALE EllIS NOYEIaR I, 1110 

lUWB\ RiCURDS \ ~\nin 
ELCAJON 

796 Fletcher Parkway 
acrou from PaItlwIIy Plaza 

O~N to AM .TO to PM 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 

vmo 
3393 Kemper St. 

r.IJSIC VIDEOS 
VIDEO SALES & REllTALS! 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Cajon Blvd. 

next to Art St. Post Off. 

HIATUS 5 

TOM SAWYER PlAYS 
WITH 3400 WATIS 

ANOGETS ...... 
"Tom SaU¥''' is just one of the rock classics by Rush 
that's part of our awesome Laserium experience. 
Argon and Krypton laser images will surround you 
as Rush hits are played over 12 huge speakers. So 
ca11238-1168 for showtimes. Then drop by Balboa 

~:~~ ~~~~t~' You'U laser Rush III 

a .... Rv1 



6 HIATUS 

Rhino Bucket 
Rhino Bucket 
Reprise 

The name Rhino Bucket in-
vokes visions of an original and 
exciting band. However, don ' t let 
the band' s name fool you. This 
debut album might even be con-
sidered good by some if the 
Bucket 's sound hadn' t been done 
before. 

Unfortunately, a band called 
AC/DC came and did, and is still 
doing, what Rhino Bucket is at-
tempting to do now. Lead singer 
Georg Dolivo sounds almost like 
Brian Johnson of AC/DC, except 
poor Georg badly needs a throat 
lozenge. Lead guitarist Greg Fields 
never even comes close to the raw 
power created by Angus Young. 

otonly does this show the band 's 
lack of inventiveness, it also leads 
one to believe Rhino Bucket is 
truly a band afraid to take chances. 

The album itself reflects the 
band' s lack of originality. The lyr-
ics, when audible, are redundant. 
One even gets the impression that 

the band threw in explicit lyrics 
just for a waming label to increase 
album sales. 

Overall , Rhino Bucket' s album 
is a failure.The only good thing 
about this album is that it may 
make you dig out your old AC/DC 
albums in order to wake up. 

- Chuck Goehring 

A House 
/ Want Too Much 
Sire/Reprise 

Few bands today are able to 
comment on the problems of the 
world, life, and relationships with-
out sounding cliched. However, 
on their second album, I Want Too 
Much, the Irish quartet known as A 
House succeed in doing so. 

On I Want Too Much, !ead vo-
calist Dave Couse sarcastically and 
cynically shouts the realities and 
ironies ofUfe, ju t as frankly as he 
did on the band' s debut album of 
1988, On Our Big Fat Merry-Go-
Round. A House comments on the 
difficulties of the world, life, and 
love,with humor and grudging ac-

The UCSD Guardian 

ceptance. 
A House's style is unique, and 

their influences are not easily rec-
ognizable at first listen. On many 
tracks, A House combines the ga-
rage-band style of such groups as 
the Violent Femmes and the Sex 
Pistols, with the humor of the Toy 
Dolls and the frankness of the 
Pogues. The result is a collection 
of brilliant and entertaining songs 
that can ' t be compared to anyone 
band of the past. 

Highlights of I Want Too Much 
are "The Patron Saint of Medioc-
rity," and "Marry Me." 

"Marry Me" pleads for accep-
tance, with humorous metaphori-
cal lyrics, such as "Meeting you 
was like a breath of fresh air, until 
you started smoking, and I ended 
up the butt of your jokes." 

The album humorously and 
cynically provides entertaining 
listening. 

- Alexa Sherman 

Private Times._. and the 
Who/e9/ 
Warner Brothers 

A! B. Sure is back and it' s a sure 
guess that he's been taking vocal 
lessons "night and day." In his 

new album Private Times ... and 
the Whole 9!, Al B. Sure displays 
a greater vocal range than his 1988 
debut album; from a flawless fal -
setto, to a Barry White baritone. 
His new album is actually a tale of 
two albums; one side for private 
moments, the other for public. 

Side one of Private Times is a 
collection of ballads tailored for 
the boudoir (hint-hint). Each bal-
lad seems like a xeroxed (or faxed) 
copy of its predecessor. 

Side two is the real album or .. . 
and the Whole 9! It's a collection 
of furious wanna-be "new jack-
swing" tracks. You can throw a 
party anywhere with this side of 
the album. At times the songs 
seemed to be penned by the rapper, 
Heavy D., but each track sounds 
newly pressed. No trendy House 
Music or "Stevie B./TJ" beats here. 
A! B. Sure's Private Times .. . and 
the Whole 9! will shake its listen-
ers in two ways. Side two will get 
your feet shuffling. Side one is 
strictly for shaking your. .. well 
you can figure it oUI. 

- Melito Marcelo 

Babes In Toyland 
Spanking Machine 
Twlntone 

Friday, November 2, 1990 

This record will not appeal to 
everybody, but if screeching gui-
tar and thundering tom-toms are 
your idea of nirvana, then give 
Babes in Toyland a listen. Babes in 
Toyland sound much like Sonic 
Youth must have sounded before 
they started using experimental 
guitar tun ings. 

Babes in Toyland's new record, 
Spanking Machine, has eleven raw 
and bluesy songs. The singer and 
guitarist, Cat Bjelland, screams 
with uch force that you expect her 
to fly into a rage, start smashing 
plate ,and throw things around the 
room. 

The Minneapolis-based band 
grew out of the same scene that 
spawned Husker Du, the Replace-
ments, and Soul Asylum. Unlike 
their predecessors, the Babes would 
not be classified as punk rock. They 
have an artsy leaning and seem 
more fascinated by dissonance than 
speed. On most songs, Michelle 
Leon (bassist) and Lori Barbero 
(drummer) plod steadily away, 
providing a background for 
Bjelland 's scratchy guitar 
grinding. The lyrics are mostly 
about broken hearts and lovers 
scorned. The two strongest tracks 
on the record , "Boto (w)rap" and 
"Dust Cake Boy" hit the mark, 
finding a happy medium between 
aggression and tunefulness. 

There is enough noise on thiS 
record to clear your mind of a 
whole day's worth of calming and 
relaxing elevator music. 

These three women allow us to 
glimpse a female version of hell, 
and it is as scary a it is beautiful. 

- Nathan Wilson 

WANT A FUN 

'PJICI'FIC 
ISLlfND.5 CfJd! 

,. -

JOBONA 
TROPICAL 

ISLAND? 
Can you play polleyball, teach tmnis, windsurfing or scuba diving? Do 
you sing, dance, play piano or another musical instrument? Not afraid 
to work hard? Are you interested in an opportunity to /earn Japanese? Or 
are you just agreat personality who can entertain others into having the 
time of their lives? If you can do one or more of these activities, we might 
have the job for you. 

PACIFIC ISLANDS CLUB • • • 
has beach resorts in Micronesia that cater to guests who want to be 
entertained and play water sports and tennis. We have openings for 

RECREATION 
COORDINATORS 

& ENTERTAINERS 
Persons to orga~Jize and instruct water and beach sports, direct gamer, arts & 
crafts, and to perform in matinees, dinner shows and pool-side skits. Applicants 
should be high-mergy, extroverted outdoor types with recreation, sports or 
theatrical experimce. japa1,cse la1IBuage not essential but preferred. Willingness 
to work hard and leam Japanese is necessary. We provide housing, meals and 
other fri1'ge benefits including round-trip airfares. 
We will be on campus Nov. 5 & 6 conducting information sessions on Nov. 5 
from 9 -10 a.m. & 1- 2 p.m., and on Nov. 6 from 9-10 a.m. Interviews will be 
conducted after information sessions and all day on Nov. 6. For more infonna-
tion please call Counseling and Career Services. 
NOTE: P.LC. requires a 6·month minimum commitment. 

Pacific llla"ils Club is "n E'1U'" Opportu"ity EmplDyer and ,,/I U.S. "",,,1 "pply. Proof of eligibility 
to 11101'. in the U.S. is re'luired. 

Friday, November 2, 1990 

BALLOONS 
Continued from page 9 
balloons were made of this mate-
rial and presented a gifts. King 
Louis XVI presented a whole trunk 
full of them to the Emperor of 
China. 

Balloons also spawned the cre-
ation of the first aero tatic figures , 
giants shaped like creatures from 
mythology. The Enslen brothers 
launched representations of Mer-
cury, Pegasus, and the Great Ce-
lestial Grape Gatherer all over Eu-
rope, Dolfus said. 

This craze died down ome-
what after 1785, because of a casu-
alty. However,the interest by other 
countries in the French accom-
plishments and their ventures 
helped to revitalize ballooning. 

By the latter half of the 19th 
century, the face of the balloon had 
changed. 

With the advent of expandable 
rubber in 1856, small balloons were 
no longer the gift of royalty. They 
had, instead, become toys for 
children and they immediately be-
came enormously popular, ac-
cording to Dollfus. 

The newly opened department 
store, Les Grand Magasins du 
Louvre, flourished as an enterprise 
when it handed out these innova-
tive toys to children as free souve-
nirs of their visit, thus putting into 
effect an advertising technique that 
would be used by many of its suc-
cessors. 

At the same time, balloons were 
becoming more associated with 
public spectacles . Festivals 
abounded, Dollfus said, ·and as-

censions were made in honor of 
various holidays and occasions. 

This spawned the usage ofbal-
loons within parades. 

Small rubber ones hand-held 
by processionals were used at first, 
but in 1927 all of this changed as 
Macy 's o rganized its fou rth 
Thanksgiving Day Parade and in-
troduced its giant balloons for the 
first time, according to the 60th 
telecast of the Thanksgiving Day 
Parade. 

Like those of the Enslen broth-
ers, these too took on the shapes of 
popular characters and animals. 
Ranging from between 10 to 100 
feet in height, according to National 
Geographic World Magazine, each 
balloon was made t'ut of strong, 
weather-proof nylon, and was in-
flated with helium. 

It took as many a 30 handlers 
to guide them along the parade 
route, and upon reaching 34th street 
at the parade's end, the practice 
was to let them go. A reward was 
offered to those who found them, 
according to the Thanksgiving Day 
telecast. 

The tradition has since been 
stopped and now the balloons are 
kept for everyone's enjoyment. 

When the Montgolfierbrothers 
had just begun experimenting wi th 
balloons, the possibility of mili-
tary uses was investigated.1brough 
the following centuries, the hot air 
balloon served both as a message 
transporter and spy satellite. 

During World War II, a plan 
was once again devised to use bal-
loons as a weapon of combat. But 
they dido 't have hot air balloons in 
mind. They meant the balloons they 

The UCSD Guardian 

could see floating above the pa-
rade route that were to be the U oited 
States' newest secret weapon, ac-
cording to James Clark in the 
Washington Weekly. 

The project was called Fanta-
sia, and it was based on the struc-
ture and manufacture of the bal-
loons in the shape of animals, par-
ticularly Ik>vines. These were to be 
filled with helium and floated 
across enemy lines. When a Ger-
man soldier saw it, the idea was 
that he would scream out, and flee. 

The use of balloons in recent 
years has also included a sojourn 
into the medical field. 

According to Science Digest, 
miniature balloons have been able 
to help sustain weight loss by curb-
ing eating habits, and, even more 
remarkably, have allowed for the 
reattachment of retinas. Iftbe retina 
tears away from the eye wall, the 
fluid that fills can seep behind it, 
causing further damage. 

Normally a silicone sponge is 
used to bring the two into contact 
with each other so the healing pro-
cess can begin, but this can hinder 
muscle function. By replacing the 

sponge with a miniscule balloon 
inflated with saline solution, eye 
motion is kept intact. The retina 
can then be cauterized by a laser 
beam, and after six days, the bal-
loon deflated. 

Balloons have expanded their 
usage into art as well. 

According to National Geo-
graphic World Magazine, using 
two simple maneuvers, the basic 
twist and the lock twist, sculptors 
change these rubber toys into vari-
ous shapes and forms. 

They create everything from a 
dachshund to a thousand-balloon 
dragon, with nothing more than a 
few twists of the hand, according 
to an article in The New Yorker. 

But then that is exactly what the 
balloon is: something elegantly 
simple, yet varied so that it has 
become an integral part of life and 
may remain so for some time to 
come. 

~KRIPKE 
stands ror women's 

rigbts and reproductive 
cboice. 

For 8437 

Paper covers rock, rock smashes 
scissors, scissors cut paper. Or 

more precisely: Paper Trtnds has the hipper 
covenips for wrapping It.at precious rock from La 
Jolla Jewelry Center. Which would be a smashing 

Hey, ~ you want to win the convenience game, 
Cosla Verde Center beats all, hands down! 
Other stores:~ • Dow Stereo 
• Pier 1 • W Gifts 
fi~1e to a new cut and perm from Pinwheels. • Gruphics Gallery • HotSpots • Men's Wearhouse • Chang's Cuisine 

FEATURES 9 

ADVENTURE 
Continued from page 8 
throughout the year. 

There are over 10 balloon-ride 
companies in Del Mar, but "Del 
Mar is touristy and wealthy, (so 
that] .. . despite the competition, the 
many balloon companies in Del 
Mar are able to prosper," Rowley 
said. 

A!I balloon companies in Del 
Mar launch the ir balloons at the 
same field at about the same times. 
Despite the competition, the atmo-
sphere is friendly and supportive. 
Indeed, part of the attraction of 
flying is flying together with many 
other balloons. 

"All kinds of people fl y in bal-
loons," Coleman said, "What at-
tracts people to balloons is their 
magical quality." 

Rowley thinks it reminds people 
of their childhood. "People want 
an • experience , flight, some like 
adventure, others like fun or ro-
mance," he said. 

Air Affaire performs three to 
four weddings a year. either on the 
flight or right before the flight. 
Most companies also have en-
gagement flights. 

Balloon rides cost around $130 
per person. While that price is not 
within the budget of most students, 
the cost reflects the fact that a bal-
loon ride is an unforgettable expe-
rience. 



- _ • L ___ ._ -.."---~ -<.>____ __ .... _ __ ----....,. " -J'~ ___ . .. ___...-.J I..-....> "'-J ___ " -" . ______ _ _ &- . I . , • r-

i 0 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza is still UCSD's finestonginal pizze· 
ria, Tear out the BJ's coupon and get your 
taste buds to BJ 's, For UCSD's serious pizza 
eaters I (9124·1 t 130) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal Copy. 
Only $5.95. While you wait. Xeroxes and 
more. Near St. Germains. 452·9949, (9124-
11/30) 
Writing Help. I've discoverediCfeated unique, 
Fun - yes, fun I approaches for serious 
projects. Begin 481 -1 810, (1013-1 1130) 

Scholarships/grants for college are available. 
MilliOns go unclaimedyearty. Call 1-800-334-
3881. (1018-11 /14) 
BIG GREEN, documentary to support Prop 
128 to handle the environmental CriSIS, Video 
free every M&W at noon, MCC 221 3rd Col· 
lege Media Center, (10115-11 /5) 
PROJECT PLAIN TALK: SEXUALITY AND 
FAITH ' If you know the biology and want to 
expand your knowledge base and build a 
value system about sex .. This workshop is for 
youl' NOV. 9, to, 11 • sponsored by the 
United Campus Ministry, fee: $5 pre. reg1$8 at 
the door. Information: call 534-2521 , (1 0122, 
1112) 

Nothing to do over Thanksgiving? Come 
Kayaking in La Bufadora, Mexicowlth OutBack 
Adventures. 534 ·0684. (10124-1 t /5) 
Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? Tom's 
Master Mechanics only handles these 2 autos 
and nobody does it better for UCSD. Bring 
your 10 and you get 20% off most servicesl 
Call 450·9494, (1 0126'11130) 
Destinations Unknown presents R~o 
Beach FALL FIESTA November 16'18, 2 
nights/2 days, transportation, accommoda· 
tlons, free parties, optional lobster dinner, 
only $75. See table in PrlCO Center or CALL 
793-0492. (1 0126-1 119) 
PARKING TICKETS! Are you having prob-
lems with your alternative transportation per· 
mit? Call Amy at 534-0476 and leave ames· 
sage.(1 0129-t 112) 
Third College Peer Advisors needed for sum· 
mer orientation. Apply at Third Academic Ad· 
vising TCHB 120. (10/29-1112) 
Ale you COLOR BLIND? Eam $5Ihour par· 
ticipating in color vision experiments, even ~ 
you have participated in these studies before. 
Call Ethan Montag 534-2999, Psych. Dept. 
for info. (10126·11 19) 

REVELLE COLLEGE COUNCIL has orrICO 
hours, Monday from 4-5pm, in the Revelle 
College Provost Office. Come and voice your 
concerns about student issuesl (10/26-1112) 
It's nottoo lala to sign· up for REVELLE COL· 
LEGE COMMITTEES. Appointmentsneeded 
to ELECTIONS, CURRICULUM, SUN GOD. 
HOUSING, SUBSTANCE ABUSE, BOOK· 
STORE, and CULTURAL committees, Pick· 
up an application now in the Revelle College 
Provost OffICe. Get Involved I (10/29-1112) 

R ISC AlI·Cal and Thanksgiving Ski trip tickets 
are on sale now at the box officel(1 0129-1 t 12) 
PRE DENTAL CLUB MEETING: 7 p.m. Tue, 
11/13190, Santa Cruz room In Price Center. 
Presentation by k>cal dentist. Anyone Wei· 
comel For info .. call Jeff 633-1931 or Michelle 
453-2925. (10131 -1112) 

kmk~· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Garnet A venue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

JlA.N KRIPKE 
stands lor women's 

rigbts and reproductive 
choice. 

8437 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in IS-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person, Deadlines are 3 p .m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, 3 p.m. Monday for Wednesday' s issue, and 3 p.m, Wednesday for Friday's issue. The 
Guardian reserves the righT to refuse any advertising including but not limited to 
companionship ads. For more information call 534-5416. Mailing address :UCSD Guard-
ian, 0316, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center 
A, top floor . 

When seconds count. breathe a little easier 
wnh MICRO·MED the miCfo~lm medicall.D, 
Card that could possibly save your life! MI· 
CRO·MED is an asset to everyone's I~e young! 
old, illlwell. Call Gabrielle (619) 546-8014. 
(10/29'1119) 
Dan Kripke is pro·choice. Incumbent Lowery 
is not. Vote for Dan Kripke. (1013,., 1/5) 

SERIOUS aboutaerobics?Cometo the UCSD 
Aerobics Team Info Session 1115, 5:30 p.m., 
Gym Lobby. (10131·tl /5) 
QUESTIONS ABOUT CULTS, EXIT COUN· 
SELING • contact the Cult Awareness Net· 
work, 2421 W, Pratt Blvd .. Ste, 1173, Chi· 
cago, IL60645, or call (312) 267-7777. Mes· 
sage sponsored by the United Campus Min· 
istry UCSD. (10131·1119) 

WS SHABBAT Dinner, service, and program. 
November 9, 7 p.m. Mandeville Suite. More 
info? Call 534-6244. (11 /2-1119) 
ACE YOUR FINALSI Cognitive Neuroscience 
reveals techniques to improve your memory. 
Send $5 to "vanHamersvald at·al· 3950 
Mahaila Ave T24 San Diego, CA 92122 for 
thesis transcript and study course. 

Vote for these Pro·Choice candidates. No· 
vember6th· GOVERNOR · Dianne Feinstein, 
LT. GOVERNOR · Leo McCarthy, ATIOR· 
NEY GENERAL · Allo Smith, TREASURER· 
Kathleen Brown, CONTROLLER · Gray Davis, 
SECRETARY OF STATE · March Fong Eu l 
(tll2-1115) 

MInority Advertising interns needed: S.F .. 
L.A., Chicago, N.Y., DetrOit, Atfantal $10001 
month,summer 1991 . 534-4689! (1112-1115) 

RISC presentstheAmTUDE ADJUSTMENT 
PARTY at the Old Publ Live band, refresh· 
mentsl Nov. 17, 9 p.m. (1 112'1117) 

Interested in kids? Join Active Students for 
Kids. We make a difference. Information Night, 
Wednesday 1117 at 8:30 p.m. in the Price 
Center Santa Barbara Room. Respond to the 
challenge I (1112-11 /5) 

Breweries in La Jolla? Get realll Hard to 
believe, but Wednesdays are now UCSD 
night. $1 Pilsners all night lon9111 Check out 
what's brewing in LaJolla. 7536 Fay Ave. (1 1/ 
2·1111 4) 
STRESSED OUT? FREE research studies 
are available to people suffering from anxiety. 
Symptoms include feeling nervous, tense, 
irritable, stomach problems, Insomnia, muscle 
aches, and difficulty concentrating. Suitable 
vofunteers reoeive free medications, lab tests, 
physicals and psychiatric evaluations. 18 or 
older, please call Monthru Fri, 10a.m.-4p.m. 
FREE STUDIES ALSO AVAILABLE FOR 
DEPRESSION. FEIGHNER RESEARCH IN· 
STITUTE. 554-0100. (1112) 

FAIRMAIR'S 

USED 501 /5 
COSTUM~S 
FUN, FUNKY 
FUNTIONAL 
RESALEclOTHES 

4879 NEWPOrT AVE. OCEAN BEACH 
MoW 11 10 6::Jl 

222~220 

Prop 128 will phase out known cancer and 
birth defect causing pesticides (wh ich are 
being used on our food) . 128 would prohibit 
off shore drilling. 128 will require compliance 
with the Clean Water Act which has nOI been 
observed, enforcing the adequate cleaning of 
sewage before it is released into the ocean. 
Prop 135 is oHered by the chemicaVpest~~ 
companies. Inform yourself before you VOTEI 
(11 /2-1 115) 

More free gourmet hamburgers at Johnny 
Rockets l For detail~ see the display ad in 
Monday's Guardianl (you'll need the 2 for 1 
coupon II) (1112) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI Jew· 
ish Campus Centers provides warmth, edu· 
cation, prayer, socializing. Connect with Union 
of Jewish Studentsl 502 Matthews; east olthe 
Price Center. Call Rabbi Slot~ick, 534-2521 . 
(1 1/2-1115) 
Ski UTAH with RISC for Thanksgivingl $275, 
4 days of skiing , funl INFO call 534-4482. (111 
2) 

The UCSDlTijuana Cultural Connection in· 
vites you to a walking tour of Tijuana, a visillo 
the Tijuana Cultural Center, Christmas shop-
ping at the Pueblo Amigo Shopping Center 
AND a free lunch of authentic Mexican food , 
Free bus transportation to the border will be 
provided. Saturday, November 10th from 10 
a.m.-4:30 p.m. sign·up by calling 534-1577 or 
stop by the th ird floor of the Price Center, 
room 3310. (1112-11/5) 

Delta Gamma is having a warm clothes drive 
for the homeless. Please bring any unwanted 
clothing or blankets to M,O.M., MI. View 
Lounge, Revelle Lounge, or the Price Center 
Lounge this Monday (1115) through Friday 
(1119), Your contributions are greatfy needed 
and appreciated. Thank Youl (1 112,1 117) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari . Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 hairs 
per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Student dis· 
counts, 558-4644/226-1 962, (9124·1/14) 

Wi'lITING Help from UC·Grad TutorlWriterl 
Researcher. All projects welcome. Produc· 
tive, IntenselStart Early. 481-1810. (1013-11/ 
30) 
Papers typedl Quick and affordable. From $21 
pg. Call W Colony Resumes & Proiessional 
Typing.455-8357. Laserprintingl60 typestyles 
to choose froml One day service available. 
(1015-11130) 

TYPING·PROOFREADING · EDITINGTerrn 
Papers, M.A.s, Ph.D.s, Legal, and Medical, 
RUSH JOBS. Call Marie - 931-9596. (1 015· 
11130) 

Bartender school· Day/Night Course 250.00 
• Refresher Course Oct 20 and Nov 10, 10 
a.m. to 2 p.m. 45,00. 1-800·227-0030 BADD· 
REACTS (10/19-11 /16) 
WORD PROCESSING - Everything from 
term papers to resumes. 24·HOUR SERVICE 
AVAILABLE, 7-DAYS A WEEK 450-0812. 
(10124·1112) 

2nd Annniversary Special 

Golden Hall 
Hair Design 

for 
Mtll 
GIld 

"_" 

COMPLETE HAIRCUT 
Reg, $10,50, now only 

549.4514 $800 
7190 MIf,Hn,H Rd 

til h nil lo\'I1It1(~" FllfnCI1H ~<! (\ 

549-0382 

TYPING: TERM PAPERS, ETC., RUSH JOBS 
AT NO EXTRA CHARGE. 453-0656. (1013· 
11 /30) 
TRAVELCOSTSRISING- BUYNOWFOR 
CHRISTMAS & SPRING BREAK. FREE 
TICKET DELIVERY 450·0812. (10124· tl l2) 
A dazzling pearty white smile can be yoursl 
Call Dr. Rad. at 490-8099. UCSD SPECIAL: 
Cleaning and exam only $20. (10/26-11 /5) 

PINWHEELS - a full service salon near 
campus-Costa Verde Center. Facials, wax· 
ing, lash tints and more. Call Parvaneh, 558-
1858. (1 0/26-11130) 
Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? Tom's 
Master Mechanics only handles these 2 autos 
and nobody does ~ betler for UCSD. Bring 
your 10 and you get 20% off most services I 
Call 450·9494. (10126-11130) 

DIFFICULTIES IN FRENCH? lama Sorbonne 
student with a degree in French Inerature. I 
can help students at any level. Irs easyl Just 
call 457-4612. (10129-1112) 

Word processing. Quality work al reasonable 
prices. Resumes, reports, etc. Laser printer. 
Call Diane 755-1724. (10/29-11130) 
IBM COMPATIBLE XT, AT or 386. lyr parts 
and labor, on site installationltraining, 298-
6708. (10/29-1112) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Word Process· 
ing , Reports, Speeches, Dissertations, 
Manuscripts, Presentations. Experienced. 
Laser Printer. Student Ratesl 753-5964. (10/ 
29-11130) 
RIDE·LlNK - save earth, money, time, gas 
- long distance ride . haring HOTLINE -
statewlde/nationwide 454-4066. (1 0131 ·1112) 
WORD PROFESSIONALS: Experienced. 
Word processing. R9S88rell using MEDLINE 
or BRS Colleague; f hour minimum. Student 
rates. Modem. Laser printer. 9-7 Mon.·Fr!. 
Weekend appointments. 753-5964, 1521 
Summit Ave., Cardff. (1112) 

INSURANCE -I.OW INSURAlNCE RATES 
FOR UCSD STUDENTS FOR AUTO AND 
MOTORCYCLE. CALL JESSICA. 800-457-
1234,9·5. (1112-1117) 
WORD PROCESSING, EDITING. $2Ipege, 
free pickup and delivery. 7 daysiWeek. Irma 
453-6282. (1 112) 
STUDENTS COMES CLEAN and saves a 
bundlel Larve ~ washers and huge dryers 
cost lessl SPEEDY Coin Wash • Comer of 
GrandandlMnontln P.B, Open 24 hours. Try 
usl (1 112) 

WANTED 
Happy with yourprasentsalary? I need people 
who want to make more ASAP (819) 758-
4602. (10/10,11/30) 

BIcycle MechanicwanI8d, FulllPart·tirne, must 
have shop experience wlreferences. Ex· 
panding Carlsbad shop, 434-5698. (10/22· 
1112) 

Cosmetic & Famil, 
DEIITISTRY 
Take the bite out 

of your dental concerns 
274-BlTE 
214-2483 

:}{arriet '.J. SeMin, 'fJ.'.M.'D. 
CHAMPUS & most 
insurance accepted 
After work I After class 

and Saturday appointments 

4453 CI.i,,,,,,,nt Mf1S6 ""d, 
(CO '7er of Genesee) 

Friday, November 2,1990 

Domino's Pizza at UCSD is now hiring for 
Customer Service Representatives. Must be 
at least 16 years old, energetic and efficlenl 
with an oulgolng personality. Will be respon· 
sible for greeting customers, laking pizza 
orders and other store operations. Eligible 
applicants should appiy at the UCSD store, 
k>cated al3211 Holiday Court a"er 3:30 p.m. 
(10/19·11130) 
Neuro Care: LST position, retrain people w~h 
Traumatic Brain Injury. Work with a stale·of· 
the·art Neurobehavloral Rehab. Team. Ex· 
cellent experience 10 compliment education. 
Call (619) 789-4600. (10126' 11112) 
Siudents - Excellent Business Opportunity 
with flexible hours. Fantastic growth and 
earning potential lor the motivated Individual. 
Call 1·600-468-2758 24 hours. (10131 -11 /2) 

Earn $SOQ·$15OO1wk part· time stuffing enve· 
lopesln your home. For free information. send 
a long, self·addressed, stamped envelope to : 
P.O. Box 4645, Dept. p127, Albuquerque NM 
87196. (10131 -1119) 

Babysinerwanted for 11 mon!h old. One (any) 
afternoonlwk. Walking distance from campus 
455-6774, (1013,., 1112) 

Childcare available full· time weekdays in my 
North Clairemont home. Licensed, CPR cer· 
tified , intelligent, loving. 270-9006. (10131 -11/ 
5) 

THE SDSU FOUNDATION has part·time 
technical positions for contract work at the 
Navy R&D Laboratories at Point Loma. Need 
Math, Computer Science, Engineering, Phys· 
Ics, Psychology, and Chemistry majors. Must 
have attained at least Junior standing, be a 
full·time student & U.S. Citizen. $8,121hr. Ap. 
ply at Part· Time Employment offices at UCSD 
Career Services Center or phone SDSUF at 
594-6253, (10/31-1112) 
Position available at law firm -no experience 
necessary. Filing, occasional bookkeeping, 
assistance at court, good grammar and punc· 
tuation skills. Tuesdays and Thursdays, 9:00 
to 7:00, 454·9101. (10131-1115) 
Accounting Assistant. 20 hrs . .Iwk. $6·$9/hr. 
Send resume to : J.E, Ritzinger, CPA, 3675 
Ruffin Rd., 1235, SO 92123. (1112-1115) 
DRUMMER NEEDED- by guitarist, bassist. 
Have practice place. Call John F 273-2145 or 
John T 452·6403. (1112·1119) 
MALE MODELS. Tolally legitimate part·time 
or full·tlme work. Print, ramp, television, 
magazines. No experience necessary, Not 
port·folio nor modeling school schemel Top 
fees and 'un I Send oontact Information and 
photo(s) (amateur OK) for free Interview with· 
out obligation: InlerPhoto, Box 2893, La Jolla, 
CA92038. (1112·11112) 
Addressers wanted ImrnedIeIeIy I No expe· 
rIence necessary, Excellent payl WOlll lit 
home. Call toll·free: 1-800-395-3283. (1112-
1/11 ) 
RECEPTIONIST/SECRETARY, Real Estale 
development Company has an opening for a 
bright. enthusiastic, self· starter to work as a 
reoeptlonistlS8O'etary In a congenial, friendly, 
nonsmoking offloe, Must be able to type 50 
wpm. Send current resume including salary 
requirements to : The Midtown Niki Group, 
Ann: S. Donovan, 5080 Shoreham Place, 
'100, San Diego, CA 92122. Or call: (619) 
548-0033. (11/2-1117) 

FOR SALE 
PLEASE BUY OUR COMPUTER, we need to 
eatl IBM PC Junior. Cofor monitor, Okidata 
Mlcrofine 92 printer. THE FIRST $1 00 TAKES 
IT ALLI CAlLL 270-9220. (1015-11/30) 

Def Mar-why rent? $112,900 condo. 2 BR, 
2 BA, pool, spa, beach 1 mile. Chris, 931· 
6977. (10112-11114) 
1988 Mazda B2200 Cab-plus, 5 spd., Buck· 
ets, Kanwood SUlr., Equalizer, tint - $5,800. 
Call Joe - 558-7602. (10124,1115) 
DISCOUNT AIR FARES, RESERVE HOLI· 
DAY TRAVEL NOW. USA, EOPE. FREE 
BONUS MILES. 48,.,264. (10/24-1119) 
6' futon and 4-posltlon frame. $100. Close to 
campus, 587-0709. (10126-1 t130) 

Kenwood single·disc compact disc player, 
$130 obo, Call Jonathan, 453·8852. (t0I26· 
1112) 

'73 Datsun wagon, All newlrebuilt Worth a 
call. $1350 obo. 299·2561. (10126-1112) 
Specialized Slump Jumper, grey. goodoondl· 
tion with Avenir lock, Must sell. $300 • will 
negotiate, Carlos, 277-4635. (10129-1112) 
FOR SALE: Airplane ticket SD·SFO·SD leav· 
ing Nov. t6, Return Nov. 18 $100 o.b.o. Call 
Kate 453-7609 (Iv message) MUST SELL! 
(10129,1112) 

CRUISE SHIP JOBS 
HIRING Men/Women. Summer/Year 
Rouncl, PHOT08RAPH£RS, TOURlUfDES, 
RECREATION PERSONNEL Excellent pay 
pluS FREE travel. Cerlbbean, HawaII, 
8ahamas, SOU lh Pacific, Mexico . 
CALL NOWI Call refun~able . 
1 - 2 06 - 736 - 0775 , e't . C196 

, , 

Friday, November 2 , 1990 

1980 TOYOTA COROLLA, lOOk ml, Rebuilt 
Carb, AMIFM, AC, Runs like new I $1200lbest 
299·3693. (10129· 1112) 
TWO JANE'S ADDICTION TICKETS. For 
Nov. 3 Show. $75 o.b.o. 272-4835. Ask for 
Duff. (10129·11 /2) 
JANE'S ADDICTION licket for Friday show 
for sale. Call Colin 457-4166. (10-29·1112) 

Jane's Addiction Tickets for Saturday, four for 
$55 each, or $200 for all call 792·7480. (10/ 
31-1112) 
KEEN DEAL on 2 JANE'S ADDICTION TICK· 
ETS (FRIDAY) $40 EACH. Call PARN quick, 
55HI036. (10131-1 tl2) 
ONE JANE'S ADDICTION TICKET For Sat 
Nov. 3 Show. Call 457·5690. (t0131·1112) 
Plane ticket RT San Diego to San Jose 11 /20-
11122 $too Becky 456-0864. (10131-1117) 
~Jane's Addiclion licket!! Friday Nov. 2. 
Call Jack458·1440. Leave message if neces· 
sary. (1013,., 1/2) 
New Stereo Color TV and HQ VCR (w/ 
remotes), 5550.00 o.b.o 688-9280 (H) or558· 
4349 (W), Cyrus. (10131 · t1l5) 
1974 Meroury Comet, New: Tires, MuHler, 
fuel pump, water pump. 5650 or best offer. 
574-0446. (t0131'11 /5) 
Round trip ticket to Oakland Thanksgiving 
weekend. Call Usa at 278·8441 . (10131 ·t 112) 
FULL SIZE BED. No headboard. $135. 
CHILD'S DESK and chair$35. Call5Bl -9156. 
(10131-11 /16) 
SURFBOARD: 6'6' round·pin tri, Perfect for 
winter bme Blacks. Good condition, $160. 
454-6261, leave message. (1112) 
JANE'SADDICTION. One ticket. Nov. 3 SAT. 
$40 obo, Call Jason 552-3464. (1112) 

Drums, Ludwig, 6'piece with 3 Zildjian cym· 
bals $500 or best offer, Call Dennis at 574-
0728. (1112·11112) 
AIRLINE TICKET FOR THANKSGIVING 
WEEKEND. $68 from SD·OAKLAND. Wed 
11121 to Sun 11125. Oenlse , 792-7126. (11 /2-
1119) 
JANE'S A • If you miss this incredible first 
show tonight (11·2) you'll hate yourself for· 
ever. Call John 436-4616 before noon Friday 
or find me in the Pub 12-7 p.m. $100. (1 112) 
Sofa $.250, pair wing chairs $175, table $75, 
stereo equipment. Call 792-1 089 eves. (t 1/2) 
FOR SALE: VETSTUDENT'S MICROSCOPE 
BAUSCH AND LOMB 4-LENS MICRO· 
SCOPE. 5x lOx 40x, oil immersion, movable 
stage, adjustable diaphragm, blue filter, Pur· 
chased In 1988 - used fora year. Like new. 
Call Paula Tschauner, 270-0861 (9·6), 482-
1654 (evenings). (1 112) 
JANE'S ADDICITON, One ticket for Nov. 2 
Show. $50 obo. Call John 558·3710. (1112) 
ONE ONE·WAY TICKETTO NEWARK, NEW 
JERSEY (NEW YORK). Departing on Nov. 
22nd from L.A. at 8:30 a,m. and arriving at 
4:25 p.m. Only $350 (regular: $650 plus). 

1988 Kawasaki Ninja Ex 500. Only 3,000 
miles, perfect condition. Must sell $2,400. 
271 -0668, David. (11 /2-tl /12) 
'77 Toyota Celica - runs well, $800 obo. Call 
558-8614. (11 /2-11 /12) 
IBM XT (true) with Inboard 286, 64Ok, 2FD, 
CGA with amber monitor, Word Perfect 5,1, 
AutoCad 10.0, MS Fonran, Norton Util .. 
FrameWork III , more on 33 MB HD. $7501 
obo. Marc 587·2176. (1112· 11 /7) 
HALF PRICE SPEAKERS! Unboxed with 
warranty. 125 watt pro quality LINEAR PHASE 
8810 digital ready. Retail $1000 up, take 
$500lobo. 792-0586. (10/26) 

HOUSING 
Male roommate share 4BAI2BA, own room . 
In University City, near UCSD, $334. Craig, 
546·9459. (10/24-1112) 
4 bd spacious University House for renll Walk 
to malls,S min from UCSD. Must seel 459· 
2935, (10/26-1112) 
UNIVERSITY CITY, shared room $250 plus 
1/4 utilities, 3 BRI 2 BA furnished, mature 
roommates, Tom, 587-8246. (10/26·11/5) 
Female roommate needed urgenUyIOwn room 
with balcony in University City, $315/monlh 
piUS 114 ulihties. Available end of Fall Quarter 
so plan ahead ... 457-0131 . (10131 -1119) 
Own roomlbath. in Furnished 2 bed,12 bath. 
P,B condo ; bay view, pool, spa, cable, laun· 
dry, pool room, parking option. $400 util. lncl. 
272-3129 or 459·8162. (1013,., 1/5) 
Del Mar Cottage (furnished wi ulilities), Ex· 
change for child care. Flexible hours, Day and 
evenings. 259-8741 . (11/2·1117) 
Fantastic oceanlbay view 1 br condo. Quiet, 
secluded, convenient location. Great price. 
Agent 455-6565. (1112) 
UNIVERSITY HEIGHTS: Quiet, studious, 
$260,20 min. from campus, 1 min from Metro. 
Nonsmoker, 581 ·2987 x5735. (1112) 
MIRA MESA, all downstairs, 3 brl2 ba, $250 
and up. Living room, shared kitchen/utilities, 
washer/dryer, canyon view, on bus line, close 
to UCSD (15 mins). 1·5, 1-805,1-15. Call Raut, 
534-2858 (w), 27t·7260 (h). (1112-11 /5) 

LOST & FOUND 
LOSTWATCHIGoldandsilverCitizenWR100 
flight watch lost Wednesday, Oct. 24 around 
Pepper Canyon, Canyonview, Fifth dorms, 
Warren area. Great SentimentalValue, owner 
crying, cash reward. Dave 558-3705. (10131-
1115) 
FOUND · WOMEN'S SILVER BRACELET at 
Muir tennis courts 10124. Call 558-2081 to 
claim. (1112-1115) 
$100 REWARDI Lost, UCSD red backpack 
with all homework. Contact Nghia. 558·6168, 
PLEASE II (1112-11 /5) 

PERSONALS 
Have you found a ZBT to get a ticket for 
tonight's party? (1112) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Beautiful outdoOr dining overlooking Torrey 
Pines go~coursel Tasty, nutritious cuisine, all 
you can eat salad bar ... Choices 554-FOOD. 
(20% discount wi UCSD 10). (9124·11/30) 
More free gourmel hamburgers 3t Johnny 
Rockets! For details see the display ad In 
Monday's Guardianl (you'll need the 2 for 1 
couponll) (11 /2) 
Destinalions Unknown presents Ros.rito 
Beach FALL FESTfVAL. November 16·1 B, 2 
nights! 2 days, transportation , accommoda· 
tions, free parties, optional lobster dinner, 
only $75. See table in Price Center of CALL 
793-0492, (10/26-1119) 
ATTENTION: RISC'S ATTITUDE ADJUST· 
MENT party has been delayed until Nov. 17th 
due 10 University screw· up, SORRYI (1112) 
FREE concert TODAYI Head on to the War· 
ren Commons to see UCSD'sAcoustic Alibi at 
4:30!! Don't pass up a chance to see a hot 
young band perform for FREEl (1112 ) 
To the owner of a grey fleece·lined jacket who 
was atthe Halloween Party on Friday October 
26th on Seabright Lane in Solana Beach. I 
took your jacket home by mistake. Please call 
me so I can give it back. Karen 792-8827. 
Sorryl (1 112) 
George Maurer · This time I FLAKED. Please 
forgive me, (1 112) 
DRUMMER NEEDED- by guitarist, bassist. 
Have practice place. Call John F, 273-2145 or 
John T, 452-6403, (1112·1 t19) 
RISC ATTITUDE ADJUSTMENT PARTY 
moved from Fri, Nov. 2 to Sat. Nov. 17. Call 
534-4482 for info. (1 112) 

Contact Sanjeev at (619)259-9086. (1112'11 1 r-=:------------.. ~"'. 
12) 
GUITAR FOR SALE: 1987 Fender Squire 
Stratocaster, Fender Reverb 25 Amplifier, 
case, leads, tuner, DOD distortion box,strap, 
and stand, all for $450. Great for beginner. 
(1112-11 /12) 

JlAri KRIPKE 
stands for women's 

rights and reproductive 
cboice. 

For 8437 

PROJECT. PLAIN TALK: 
SEXUALITY & FAITH 

NOVEMBER 9, 10, 11 
Fri.: 6-8 pm; Sat. 10 am-2 pm; Sun. 2-5 pm 
"If you know the biology and want to explore/expand 
your knowledge and build a value system about 
sex ... then this is the workshop for you." 

WORKSHOP 
LEADERS: 

Dr. Lynnea Lindsey, Educator/Counselor 
Mr. Scott Parker, Activities Coordinator, Warren College 
Rev, Bob Wagener, Chaplain, UCSD 

o 
"0 

FEE: $5.00 Pre-registration. $8.00 at the door 
SPONSOR: UNITED CAMPUS MINISTRY·UCSD** 
INFQRPMTION: CALL 534-2521 

.-rIte minillry of the Presbyter'an , United Methodist, Unffed Church 01 Chris!, 
Disciples 01 Christ. Church of lhe Brelhren Danomirlatlons. 

o 
o 

CLASSIFIEDS 11 

NOW YOU CAN 
GETDlRIYFORA 
WHOLE LOT LESS. 

San Diego's 
Most Unique 
Liquor Store 

Spirits of St. Germain 
3251 Holiday Court, Suite 101 • La Jolla • 455-1414 

REGISTRATION FORM 
Name ______________________________________ ___ 

Address ____________________________________ __ 

Zip ______ _ 

Telephone No. ___________ Age ___ _ 

College at UCSD __________________ _ 
and year __________________________________ ___ 

Please circle: Enclosed Is 
my $5 Reg Fee 

Make check payable 10: UniiBd Campus Ministry 

1 will be paying 
$8 at the door 

YOIIr reg. '" wiP help top oover the oost of printed materials, and three meals-friday 
(SIIPP8"), Saturday (lunch), and Sunday (supper) 
For further information please caU 534-2521 

The workshop will like place at the Warren Commons·Warren Apartment Complex 

I understand that sexually explicit materials will be presented 
and discussed. 

Signature:, _________________________ .:.. 

Workshop will be limited to the II,..t 30 ltudentl to aIgn up 

Allum 10: Uni1lld Campus Ministry, 1502 MMe, 0-08t 



12 SPORTS 

• Surf Team Takes First at 
Huntington Beach 

The UCSDsurfteamtoolcftrStplace 
overall at a meet in Huntington Beach 
last wee.kend with a fmal total of 140 
points. UC Santa Barbara finished 
second with 93 points. 

The UCSD 'A' team was led by 
Evan Slater. who finished first over-
all. and Steve Colt. who placed in the 
top 10. 

Wendy Fredrick took first in the 
women's division. and Chris Fa. 
sondoa placed second overall in the 
bodyboarding class. 

The' A' team qualified for ...... 
championships with its first place fin-
ish. The 'B' team finished seventh, 
and also qualified for the state champi-
onships, which the top eight fmishers 
will attend. 

Bodyboarder Brandon Pakh led 
the 'B' team with an overall first place 
finish. 

Chrissy Jenkins Fed second 
overall in the women's division, just 
behind Fredrick. 

Both the ' A' and 'B' teams consist 
of six male surfers. one female surfer. 
and one bodyboarder. 

SCORES AND STATS 
Scores and statistics for UCSD athletic 
events for the period of 10-26 to 11-1 

CROSS COUNTRY 81UC8DIn __ _ 
lIEN; T_ Point Lorna "-lie 23. ucso 39. CSUSB 

82. USIU 116. cal LUIhe,." inc .• CMIl COJltg<Ionc:. 
ucso _ : 4. Fox 27:05.3. e. KinMy 27:24.6. 8. 
W\'M 27:30.9. 12. F._ 27:50.11. 13. Vllen 26~.e, 
17. Swattz 26:53.2, 24. Clnm 29:38.9, 30. _ 
31~.6. 31. ~3U19.1 ( 32 . KarutIian 31 :32-

WOIIEII, T_ UCLA '8' 28. UC50 35, CSUSB 71. 
USlU 116. PLHC 1rIc.. CIlrill ColIoIge Inc. 
UC8D _; 1. M::Fayden 18'48.7. 3. ConIay 
19:00,8 '"'- 19;42, 13. lieu 19:54. 18. 
JoImIooon 20:29, 20. Zua..rrnan 20:49, 21. Tor ... 

21~1. 23. AlrIcoIrJo 21:05. 25. Millar 21 :1 7. 28. BooIh 
21:28, 33. Cullen 22;.47. 35. Coxlord 23:35, 37. Wu 
25.13. 

MEN'S SOCCER 
('W.1, __ ~) 

UCS02 U.s._O 
UC8D GMIe: GeIIwdI (Henuen) an(! _onholI 
(RomIy) 

NCAA IIEOIOIIAL AII8T ROUND .. UC80 
UCSO 1 cal S1IIe San Bem8rdno 0 (OT) UC8D _; Romty ( ...... ) 

WOMEN'S SOCCER 
('''2-1. ---.elJ) UCSD 3 cal S1aII s.n _ 0 

UC8DGMIe; _ (Shee). B_ (Shee), 
KIngebuty (~ 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 
(32-7._--" ., .. ,) 

AlOCcldlnlll ...... arWT_: I'lrII ...... 
UCSO d. 000Idtr0IaI , s-e. 1~, HH 

UCSOd._~'5-7.15-12.15-fl 
UCSD d. CoIOt8IIO cou.oe 15-2, 1~. 16·1. 
a.l1pIonIIIIp: UCSD d. cal SUI. San Bernotdino 
15-4. 7-15. 1~. 15-11 

MEN'S WATER POLO 
(7-21._1_~ 

_,1UCSD7 
AI Loftg __ ."'_: 

Long _ 51. 8 UCSO 4 
UC50 15 LoyOla Maooymount 7 
c.& _ Lot AngelM 7 UCSD 6 
UCSO 11 CIIremont 9 

UC5015UC_' 

UPCOMING EVENTS 
.... 1!V&nS .. 1OLD: 0.0- 110m 11·2 to 11-4 

PIIIC8G 
.......,..1 P-IJl.t VI. UClA tinct OcclCllnlftl 

...... IOCCBI 
......,. ftA, ..... ,-- In NCAA_ 
C .................... _ 

-'8OOCIII 
.... 8un . ... _.NCM ......... 
T_.81 . ...,..CoItgeIn-. ... 
--~ T ....... 7""" ... U ......... 171 I' 
""".7 ...... ClrI .... Irn ........ 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Friday, November 2, 1990 

1990 MEN'S SOCCER NCAA DIVISION III PLAYOFFS 

First Round Knockout 
• Men's soccer eliminated 
CSUSB from the national 
tournament with a 1-0 win in 
overtime yesterday 
By Phil Gruen 
Senior Staff Writer 

There's an old saying that the good 
teams always find a way to win. 

UCSD men's soccer Head Coach 
Derek Armstrong believes in that cliche. 
which may partly explain why the Tri-
tons (16-2-1)founda way to pull out a 1-
o victory over Cal State San Bernardino 
in yesterday's first round of the Division 

• REGIONAL FINAL 
SI. Thomas College (MN) 111 UCSO 
Sunday, 1 p.m. 
North Campus Recreation Area 
Ticket Prices: S4 General, $2 Sludents wilD, 
SI Children under 12; First ISO people w/ 
UCSO 10 gel in free. care of !he A.S. 

ill North Central-Far West Regional. 
The other pan of the explanation?' 
Well. let's just say that the Tritons are 

nearly invincible in the regionals. 
"We got beaten up pretty good today." 

Armstrong said. "This is probably one 
of the worst games we've played." 

Beaten up, stomped on, lousy play. 
ovenime, penalty kicks - you can slice 
it any way, but UCSD always seems to 
find a way to win in the regionals. 

History reveals that the Tritons have 
won the last two, and four of the past 
five, in seven previous appearances. 

Rima UzglrlaiGuardian 
Mike Alberts, wOO retumed from an injury. was one of many Tritons with a shaved head. 

In Sunday's I p.m. home game against 
See M. SOCCER. Page 13 

Water Polo Cuts 
Down Highlanders 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

Maybe the UCSD men's water polo tearn hasjust been saving its 
best for last. 

Maybe the Tritons have just been holding back all season, biding 
their time until the postseason where they will prove that their 7-21 
record is truly deceiving. 

Maybe the whole team will wake up out of a year-long nightmare 
to find itself on the set of Dallas with Victoria Principal. 

Well. that might be taking it a bit too far ... 
But, if Wednesday afternoon's 15-6 drubbing ofUC Riverside is 

any indication, the Tritons may be peaking just in time for the 
Western Water Polo Association (WWPA) tournament. 

See W.POLO, Page 13 
Brien Morris/Guardian 

Jay Hagan and the Tritons dunked UCR 15·6 Wednesday 

Guudlan File Photo 
Head Coach Brian McManus 

Starting Out in the Cold 
• Preview: Women's soccer 
heads to Minnesota in a 
quest for back-to-back 
national championships 
By Peter Ko 
Associate Sports Editor 

A strange thing is happening to the UCSD 
women's soccer team. 

Entering the NCAA Division ill playoffs, 
the defending national champions, ranked 
third in the nation. shou Id be the team everyone 
is gurming for, 

But they're not. 
Instead, all eyes are focused on top-ranked 

Methodist College (NC). And with good rea-
son. 

Methodist boasts a lineup of five seniors, 
each with two years experience in the semi-
finals. three retuming All-Americans, and a 
defense which has allowed only four goals in 
14 games. 

Heck, Methodist played eighth-ranked 
Nonh Carolina State tough for 90 minutes of 
regulation. and 28 minutes of overtime, be-
fore losing 1-0, 

See W. SOCCER, Page 13 

Friday, November 2,1990 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 13 

W.POLO ponunities for goals. According to Harper, the Tri-
tons have squandered a great deal 
of their man-up opponunities this 
season, and if his team had just 
been slightly more effective in this 
regard, "we would probably be 
better than .500 [overall record]." 

1990 NCAA DIVISION III WOMEN'S SOCCER BRACKET 
Continued from page 12 

UCSD made quick work of the 
Highlanders. outscoring UC Riv-
er ide 5-1 in the first period. and 
continuing its offensive onslaught 
in the second quaner. the Tritons 
built a 10-3 halftime lead. 

"We played really great in the 
first half," UCSD Head Coach 
Denny Harper said. "We played 
with some of the best intensity we 
have all year." 

As usual, sophomore Kevin 
Vance led the Triton offensive at-
tack, by scoring six goals - while 
Aaron Armstrong and Jay Hagan 
added two apiece for UCSD. 

The win improved UCSD's 
overall record to 7-21, while UCR 
dropped to 18-14. 

Wednesday's matchup was no-
table for another reason. as the 
Tritons executed their offense ef-
fectively during man-up situations. 
convening on 63 percent (five out 
of eight) of their six-on-five op-

M.SOCCER 
Continued from page 12 
SI. Thomas (MN), which defeated 
heavily-favored Macalester in its 
second game of the regional, the 
Tritons will be poised to do it 
again. 

If history is any indication. the 
Tritons can expect a third con-
secutive appearance in the 
quarterfinals next weekend - an-
othertoumament they've come out 
winners in the past two years. 

Yesterday'svictoryattheNorth 
Campus Recreation Area was 
hardly handed to the Tritons on a 
silver platter, however. 

In fact, it wasn't until six min-
utes and 19 seconds had elapsed in 
the fi rst ovenime period that Chris 
Romey's header off a Chns 
Hanssen corner kick gave the 
Tritons the only goal of the game. 

Even though the game was 
knotted at 0-0 at the end of 90 
minutes of regulation. the Coyotes. 
who finish at 14-6, had a number 
of scoring opponunities through-
out the game. They more than held 
their own against the Tritons, who 
had already beaten them 2-1 dur-
ing the regular season. 

After the Tritons had controlled 
the majority of the first half of-
fensively - with controlled 
passing and several comer kicks 
- the Coyotes shifted the tide of 
the game with physical play, pres-
sure, and strong shooting. 

Harper thinks the Tritons' 
strong performance is definitely 
an indication of how UCSD will 
fare in the upcoming WWPAs. 

Even though his team will 
probably be seeded third, behind 
Air Force and Cal State Los Ange-
les. Harper feels good about his 
team's chances of winning the 
tournament and returning to the 
NCAA National Tournament. 

"I'm confident that we'll beat 
whoever we face in the first round," 
Harper said. "That should set us up 
in a semifinal against CSULA." 

"This is only the second time 
[in WWP A history) that we won't 
be the top seed, but the top three 
seeds are so close [in ability) that 
any of them could win." he said. 

l'C SAN DIEGO (14-2·1) 

MACAlESTER 1M.) 1'2-3-0) 

ST BENEOtCT (MN) (11 ...... ') 
ST • ....,..,., C-) (11 ..... ') 

ROCHESTER lIN) (,3-2, ') 
w ......... SWlH INY) c ..... ,) 

KEN< INJ) C'2·2-3) 
CORTLANOST. INy) I,g·,) 

-.. 

-.. 

w. SOCCER 
Continued from page 12 

That's Division I Nonh Caro-
lina State. 

But, for UCSD Head Coach 
Brian McManus and the Tritons 
(14-2-1), the unexpected lack of 
attention could possibly be a 
blessing in disguise. 

With all the focus on Method-
ist, the Tritons could slip right 
through the field before anyone 
notices. 

In fact, slip might just be the 
operative word in these playoffs. 
UCSD opens up the tourney in the 
chilly state of Minnesota. At last 
repon, rain was hovering just out-
side the state borders, and a cold 
front was moving in from the west. 

That might be bad news, as far 
as the Tritons are concerned. But 
their first-round opponeD!. 
Macalester(12-3-1), could not have 
begged for better conditions. 

Macalester has a history of 
playing conservatively and pack-

1990 NCAA DIVISION III MEN'S SOCCER BRACKET 
KENYON 11 5-0) 

WOOSTER C' ... ·,) 
__ 1-----, 

W. CONNECTICUT ST. 114·S) 

SAUlII ST. C'f.S·,) OHiO~AH('!041 
mY. 1101111 f------, ,-----; ..00.', ,001111 

AfT I'''') 
MARY WASHINGTON ( , 2 .... ,) UTHAHY 2·') 

WHEATON 

VA. WESLEYAN (1 5-0·21 

_1IETHOD __ iS_T..:..C'_~..:..) _---' METHODIST 12· ' . on 

ELlZAenHTOWII I'"'' 
SWARTHMORE (13 .... ) 

MUHLEN8ERG (' 3-3-2) 
SCRANTON (17-3-2) 

WHEATON (1,·2) 

BYE 

WASHINGTON 112·S) 

NOV. 1IOftn f-----' '-----j NOV. 1DCA1! 
KEAN (15-5) 

TRENTON ST. 113·H) 

MONTCLAIR ST. I' 5-31 

GUlSSllOiIO ST. C' .... 2) 

In the opening minutes of the 
second period, UCSD's defense 
zoned out for a moment - waking 
up only when a Coyote shot de-
flected off the inside of the cross-
bar. but not into the goal. 

Triton senior goalie Brian 
Siljander got a bit more work two 
minutes later, saving another shot 
while the defense was watching. 

Towards the end of regulation, 
the Coyotes had a golden opponu-
nity, but came away empty-
handed. On a comer kick set play 
with 12 minutes left, a Coyote 

header just cleared the crossbar. 
But the Tritons had an even 

bener opportunity Just a minute 
later, when Mike Albens' follow 
shot was blocked by a defender 
standing in the goal. 

The Coyote goalie, who made 
several key saves on the afternoon, 
was out of position from saving 
the first attempt. 

Albens was playing for the first 
time in almost four weeks, after 
sufferingaheadinjury in an earlier 
game at San Bernardino. 

The series of close calls contin-

M.CAlESTER (1 ~1. 
ST. THCIMAS (1-0) 

ST. THOMAS (1 . ... 2) 

UC SAN DIEGO (1."") 

ucso 1'-0. on CSUS8 I,H I 
HOST IICHCXX..S .. IMJl..D 

Dana Chaiken /Guardian 
ued seven minutes later, when 
CSUSB forward Rolando Uribe 's 
indirect kick went around a wall of 
six Triton defenders, was nearly 
deflected into the net, but flew 
harmlessly by the left npost. 

The Coyotes had been awarded 
that opponunity when Triton Sean 
West slide-tackled a drivinjl: 
CSUSB forward and received one 
of three yellow cards assessed on 
the day. 

In all. the Coyotes took eighl 
shots on goal, while the Tritons 
took 11. 

--tfON, " 

IOOV.' 

..,.. , 

PlYIIOUTH ST. 1"'1 "HI 

ITHACA INy) ('406·21 

SAlEM ST (MAl ('501-1) 

HARTWICK (NY) 112"") 

MARY WASfitHOTOH (1-3-2 

KAlAMAZOO IMII ('&-'1 

SCRANTON CPA) ('5+') 

METHODIST INC) 1'6-2"1 

Dana Chaiken/Guardian 
ing itsendofthe field witha} many 
as nine players. The Scots then sit 
back and hope for either a defen-
si ve breakdown by their opponents • 
or ovenime and penalty kicks. 

A slow field would play right 
into their hands. 

On the other side of the ball, 
look for the Tritons to play tough 
defense (they've shut out 13 op-
ponents this year) and hope some-
one like Karin Lindsay (11 goals) 
or Jaymie Bradford (six goals) can 
find the back of the net. 

"rUCSDl had plenty of chances 
to score." CSUSB Head Coach 
Carlos Juarez said. "We got lucky 
on some of [those) chances." 

But there was no luck left for 
the Coyotes when Hanssen, who 
sat outthe second half of regulation 
with an injury to his midsection, 
crossed his comer to Romey. 

Hanssen 's knowledge of the 
tendencies of some of his former 
high school teammates on the 
Coyote squad, which may have 
helped him during the game, prob-
abl y didn ' t make any di fference on 
the corner kick. 

"I whacked it, and I was hoping 
somebody would be there," 
Hanssen said. 

Romey, a 6'3" 205-pound 
sophomore who played a physical 
game from the time he entered just 
before halftime, was there. 

And, because he was there, the 
Tritons find them elves in the next 
round of the regionals. 

Nonetheless, Annstrong could 
not find any positive comments to 
make about his team' s perfor-
mance. 

"We've played twice as good as 
this [in the regular season) ," he 
said. "We've been playing very 
well, but today we didn't flow as 
well a we have been ." 

The Triton have won theirpast 
nine games in a row, and the 
blanking of CSUSB gives them 
their founh consecutive hutout, 
and 13th of the season. 

NOW· OPEN 
A Brighter Image 

IDEO GAl LFRY 
\\OSTA VERDE CENTER 

For You 
Want a more fulfilling social life with a dazzling, 
eye-catching smile that mesmerizes people? 
Why not you? 
Why not a nice, pearly white smile? Cleaner, whiter 
teeth are poSSible! Bille.t SELECTION in the Area • Free Parlri"ll NEW RELEASES: THE HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER 

• PRETIY WOMAN. TOTAL RECALL 
----------------------Bring This Ad to Rent One Movie 

and get a Second Rental FREE! 

CALL DR. lAD • 490-8099 
~ TIUtIIent AYIIIIIiIe 

OPIN ON IAn.DAYlA.".,... 

3737A Moraga Avenue IA·I07 
San Diego, CA 92117 

Monday thru Thursday. Expires 11/16/90. 
-----------------------

8750 GeneBBee in the Costa Verde Center 
near the Soup &chanteo 460-1766 

Hours: Sun.·Thurs. 11 am-9 pm/Fri.-Sat. 11 am-lO pm 

ONLY 10 .. AWAy .... CAMPUS 

BACK TO SCHOOL SPECIAL 
S20 CLEANING & EXAM 

or 30 OFF any denial procedure ' 
.. ,... ... -.-

. II IIGrIIgI Ave. 
lIor.nl B I yd. 



14 

The Bud Pounders Poll 
VOLLEYBALL 
Mid-Year Rankings 

m.M 
MEN'S AAA 
1 Superwhales Live 
2 Chicks-A-Plenty 
3 Young Guns VI 
4 Johnny's Rockets 
5 Not Greek 

MEN'S AA 
1 Cramps 
2 Box Mowers 
3 Neuromuscular Disease 
4 Dig Your Grave 
5 Worthless Wonders 
6 Twinless 
7 Hemp For Victory 
8 Jenny Don't Tell 
9 Spankin The Leather 
10976-GRBL 

.RiC. 

6-0 
8-1 
4-2 
2-1 
3-0 

12-0 
12-0 
11-1 
10-2 
10-2 
8-1 
7-2 
9-3 
8-4 
9-3 

1EAM BE.. 
MEN'S A 
1 Maggie's 12-0 
2 We'd Win 11-1 
3 Team Jaeger 10-2 
4 Homer Says 10-2 
5 Mother Goose 11-1 

WOMEN 'SAA 
1 Set, Spike, & Dig 12-0 
2 Dig This 10-2 
3 KART 7-2 
4 WHOOH! 10-2 
5 Amazon Women 9-3 

WOMEN'S A 
1 Sleestaks 12-0 
2 We Dig Balls 10-2 
3 Inspikering 9-3 
4 Making 'More Cleavage 6-3 
51 Dig 2 8-4 

All-Campus 
BADMINTON 
TOURNAMENT 

The 2nd Annual All-Campus Badminton 
Tournament is headed your way this month, 
so make a note of the following information 

on your November recreation calendar. 

The Event: 
The All-Campus Badminton Single Tournament 

When: 
Saturday, November 17 

Where: 
The Main Gymnasium 

Divisions: 
Men's Open, Men 's Intennediate 

Women's Open, Women 's Intermediate 

Sign-up at: 
The Canyon view Recreation Office 

Beginning Wednesday, November 7th 
Prizes: 
Yes! 

Tournament Director: 
Duane (Shuttlehead) Gee 

The UCSD Guardian Friday, November 2, 1990 

AII-Campus Tennis Crowns Three Champsi 
If you see Vera Schultz walking around campus 

this week, be sure to check out her eyes, Nonnally, 
they are as pretty as they come, but this week .... well, 
you'll just have to excuse her. She just fmished 
watching 172 sets of tennis this past Saturday/Sunday 
at the 15th annual UCSD All-Campus Tennis Cham-
pionships. And to be frank, those pretty eyes re-
semble the insides of a pinball machine. 

But, hey .... if you ask Vera, a Third College junior 
and this year's All-Campus tournament director, it 
was all worth it. That's because forthe most part, the 
tennis was really good and very unpredictable. 

When. it was all over, three new All-Campus 
Tennis Champions had been crowned and awarded 
some huge and nifty sport bags from Reebok. 

In th.e big division, the Men's Open, 48 really solid 
tennis players got after it in a huge way. The winner 
was a dominant one. Taco Portengen, a Physics grad 
student. from the Netherlands, won eight consecutive 
sets over the tournament's two days with a masterful 
game that looked almost professional. In the finals, 
Portengen dusted a tired, but game John Dean 6-0, 6-
1 to take it all. Overall, Portengen played 67 games 
during the tournament, winning 56 of them. 

In the Women's Open, Amy Ning, a Revelle 
sophomore, with a tremendous repertoire of patient 
and consistent shots, wore down pre-tournament fa-
vorite Traci Cassell, 8-5, to annex the title. Ning won 
three preliminary round sets in rather easy fashion 
before hooking up with Cassell in the finals. A 
candidate for this year's women's intercollegiate 
tennis team, we may not have heard the end of Amy. 

In the Men's Intennediate division, 29 players 
hacked it up in a bracket that resembled a back alley 
dogfight. Muir senior, Lewis Huang, steadied out the 
most and took it all with a solid 8-2 pro-set win over 
Chris Walkenhurst. Huang and Walkenhurst had the 
biggest barks (and serves) in the preliminary rounds, 
each winning five sets in commanding fashion. 

ALL -CAMPUS TENNIS TOURNAMENT 
ORDER OF FINISH 

MEN'S OPEN 
48 Players 
1 Taco Portengen 
2 John Dean 
3-6 Clete Otoshi 

Charlie Hamori 
Josh Silver 
Jim Lin 

7-12 Calvin Ly 
Bill Harkelrath 
Johan Fehrensen 
John Hostetler 
Herbert Liu 
Scott Morgensten 

MEN'S INTERMEDIATE 
29 Players 
1 Lewis Huang 
2 Chris Walkenhurst 
3-4 Steve Gregory 

Mike Lee 
5-8 Ali Ersen 

Phil Cearley 
Bob Buckingham 
Tim Fong 

WOMEN'S INTERMEDIATE 
12 Players 
1 Amy Nil1g 
2 Traci Cassell 
3-4 Nancy Carter 

T erishi Shrum 
5-8 Staci Davis 

Cyndi Fukami 
Joanne Parker 
Cindy Chang 

Mid-Season 
TEAM TENNIS 
TEAM REC. 
AAA 
1 Clete's Fuzzy Balls 4-0 
2 The Acers 3-0 
3 Ace in the Holes 3-0 
4 Impatient 2-1 
5 Stroke It Hard 2~2 

ItA 
1 Sprockets 3·0 
2 5 Orientals 3-0 
3 Love 'Em or Leave 'Em 3-0 
4 Hornie Don't Play That 3-' 
5 Balls To the Wall 3-1 

A 
1 Protect and Serve 3-0 
2 Punk-N-Poco 2-' 
3 Double Fault 2-1 


