
1990 SPRING ELECTION ISSUE 
PRESIDENTIAL INTERVIEWS • CANDIDATE AND REFERENDA ENDORSEMENTS 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 70, NUMBER 3 MONDAY, APRIL 9,1990 

Former Med Student 
Sentenced to 12 Years 
By SETH SLATER 
Senior Staff Writer 

In San Diego Superior Court on 
Friday, fonner UCSD Medical 
School student Charlie Richardson 
was sentenced to 12 years in prison 
for the 1988 strangulation murder 
of his wife. 

fingers at the time of his December 
1988 arrest in El Cajon could have 
been caused by a telephone cord, 
the instrument believed to have 
been used in the slaying. 

JudgeJudithL. Haller sentenced 
Richardson with the maximum 
voluntary manslaughter penalty: 
11 years of imprisonment plus one 
year for Richardson's use of a liga-
ture, or wire, during the attack. 
Richardson will be eligible for a 
four-year parole period after six 
years of incarceration, but, in ac-
cordance with California State 
Board of Licensing regUlations, he 
will be prevented from practicing 
medicine within the state. 

In pleading gUilty to the lesser 
charge, Richardson effectively 
avoided the possibility of facing 
the 25-year to life term mandated 
for first degree murder. According 
to Rooney, the District Attorney ' s 
office agreed to reduce the charges 
against Richardson, because the 
defendant's change of plea shed 
new light on the circumstances of 

Michael AmiellGuardia" 
The Xipe Totec Aztec dancers from Mexico performed as part of the multicultural activities at 
Friday's Culture Fest, held at the Price Center. Many cultures were represented at the event. 

See SENTENCE, page 3 

Manhunt for Clairemont Killer Continues 
Richardson, who had originally 

entered a plea of not guilty to the 
charge of first degree murder, 
unexpectedly pleaded gUilty to the 
lesser charge of voluntary man-
slaughter in late February just after 
a key prosecution witness linked 
him to the crime. 

By RANDY DOTlNGA 
Senior Staff Writer 

A suspect who may have killed 
as many as three young women in 
Clairemont this year, including a 
UCSD student, has so far eluded a 
police manhunt. 

The site of Tuesday 's murder is 
two blocks away from the apart-
ments where two female college 
students were fatally stabbed ear-
lier this year. 

apartment immediately before 
Tarr's body was discovered. As of 
Sunday night, the suspect was still 
at large! police said. 

The suspect was described by a 
witness as being in his late teens to 
early twenties with short hair and 
medium build. He was last seen 
wearing a red T-shirt and black 
Levi ' s jeans. 

posite they can," Cohen said. 
Both the murder weapon, a 

butcher knife, and a T-shirt worn 
by the suspect over his head as he 
fled the scene were recovered west 
of the apartment, police said. 

According to prosecutor Lori 
Rooney, the testimony of UCSD 
Professor of Pediatrics Seth Asser 
established that the bum-like inju-
ries found on Richardson's little 

The suspect was last seen flee-
ing from an apartment in the 3400 
block of Cowley Way in Claire-
mont where Holly Tarr, 18, was 
found stabbed to death last Tues-
day afternoon, according to the 
San Diego Police Department 
(SDPD). 

Tarr, a high school senior from 
Okemos, Michigan, had been vis-
iting her brother during her spring 
break. She was discovered by 
Richard Williams, an apartment 
complex maintenance man who 
had also found the slain body of 
UCSD student Janene Weinhold 
in February. 

Witnesses reported that a black 
male was seen fleeing from the 

SDPD spokesman Dave Cohen 
said investigators are putting to-
gether a composite drawing of the 
suspect. 

"They're trying to be very care-
ful, coming up with the best com-

Police reported no new leads in 
the case over the weekend, but 
SDPD representative Dorothy 
Powell noted that investigators are 
"pounding the pavement and fol-
lowing up on clues .... Thedescrip-
tion of the suspect has gone city-
wide, and officers are keeping it in 
the back of their minds." 

See MANHUNT, page 3 

*************SPECIAL ELECTION COVERAGE ************* 
The Guardian has interviewed all the presidential candidates and many of 

the other candidates for next year's A.S. CoUncil. Some candidates for the 
positions of commissioner of academic affairs and commissioner of public 
relations declined to be Interviewed. The Guardltln evaluated senatorial candi-
dates on the basis of personalltatements. Excerpts from the presidential inter-

CHRIS HADDOCK V ANNISS BARRIS LISA FLAIG 
President PnIid..t President 
GUARDIAN: How does GUAlUJlAN: Howdoea GUARDIAN: How does 

your experience qualify your experience qualify your experience qualify 
you for the position of A.S. yc)UforthepOsitiOnof A.S. you for the position of A.S. 
president? p~dent? president? 

CHRIS HADDOCK: I V ANNISS HARRIS: LISA FLAIG: I think 
have not been on the coun- Last year 1 was thinking of actually because I have so 
cil before; theonlyexperi- running for the position of much experience that I'm 
ence I have is my ideas president, but I decided I probably the best qual i-
and my ability to work with didn't have enough base. fied. I've been on Warren 
people. Mainly I have no with thepeop1e. So strate- College Council since I 
elective experience. gically during the course was a freshman. llJis past 

G: What do you feel are of Ibis year, I set my goals year I served as Warren 
the responsibilities of the so 1 could be in certain po- senior senator, I have 
position and how would sitions that in the Spring chaired a number of com-
you fulfill them? Quaner 1 would make minees including Charity 

CH: The president needs myself racly for the posi- Ball and Warren Semi-
to guide the council, but lion of president. My first formal, I put on an all-
he doesn ' t do it with shout- experience I got on the campus Halloween Party, 
ing or with an iron fist. Ethnic Studies Commitlee, I've been on a task force 
See HADDOCK, page 12 See HARRIS, pap 12 See FLAIG, page 13 

views can be found below, presented in the order they appear on the ballot. 
Guardian endorsements ()f specific candidates and referenda appear on 

page 4. Pages 7-10 are an A.S. paid advertisement in which photos and short 
unedited candidate statements appear. Voting will take place Tuesday, Wed-
nesday, and Thursday of this week. 

.~< 
... 

JOBNEDSON LARRY BECKER WALTER BITrS 
Pnsideat President PresIdent 

GUARDIAN: How does GUARDIAN: How does GUARDIAN: How does 
your experience qualify you experience qualify your experience qualify 
youfortbe position of A.S. you for the position of A.S. you for tile position of A.S. 

ident? pres • president? president? 
JOHN EDSON: I've LARRY BECKER: WALTER BITTS: I 

been on council two years Right now I'm A.S. Third think that what I'm going 
now, longer than anyone College junior senator. at is not having experience 
else OIl council including And since that's my main being onA.S. Council. I'm 
the &ec. Council and the experience, I'll just focus running as a complete 
only person that's not been on that, on some of the outsider. I think I can briog 
on longer is Alex Wong. things I've done with A.S. some new ideas into it. Not 
I've been a Fifth College that qualify me for presi- just because I want to be a 
Fresbman and Sophomore dent. Some of the things part of it. want it to be on 
Senator, I've served on sill I've been involved in are my resume. 1 think I'd be 
different committees - the Constitutional Con- willing to listen to students. 
Each year rYe served on vention. That is a Consti- G: What do you see as 
Personnel and Finance tutional Convention de- the responsibilities of A.S. 
Committee aud I served sign and task force which president, and how do you 
on the Rules Commiuee. we ju t had and before that see yourself fitting in with 

See EDSON, pap 20 See BECKER, page 20 See BITfS, page 21 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 9, 1990 

Proposed UC Center in D.C. Called Unnecessary 
By BRENT MALLOY 
Guardian Reporter 

The UC is proposing a multi-
million dollar facility in Washing-
ton D.C. to house UC students, 
facuIty, and graduate tudent, 
despite opposition from two Cali-
fornia congressmen. 

The University of California 
Center's residents will include 
student interns, faculty, and gradu-
ate students involved in research at 
the capital. The center will house a 
total of 280 graduate and under-
graduate students each quarter, as 
well as visiting UC faculty mem-
bers, the Office of the UC Presi-
dent said. 

The center will include a UC-
wide Research In titute, academic 
programs, and the UC Office of 
Federal Governmental Relations. 
Sources have estimated that the 
center will cost more than $20 
million. 

Congressman Fortney Stark, 
representing California's ninth 
congressional district, is opposed 
to the proposal on the grounds that 
the facility will not benefit the UC 
student population. 

"My consti tuents tell me they 
need either lower tuitions or more 
scholarships - not a new building 
3,000 miles away. Frankly, the 
description of the project sounds 
like a grand hotel for visiting fac-
ulty ," Stark said. 

Congressman Anthony Beilen-
son, representing California's 23rd 
distri ct, also opposes the center, 
arguing that it is nOl needed. 

"1 have a hard time believing 
that this is proper or necessary for 

the university to engage in such a 
major undertaking. It sounds aw-
fully grandio e to me," Beilenson 
told the Los Angeles Daily News. 

According to UC President 
David Gardner, however, no fed-
eral or state funds would be used to 
build and maintain the facility. 
Construction funds would come 
from non-state sources, such as 
alumni donations. Rent collected 
from students and faculty would 
pay for the mortgage and operat-
ing costs. 

Starl< also has reservations about 
the amount of control UC students 
will have over the operation of the 
facility and how much consulta-
tion tudents have had in regard to 
its planning. 

ulty for quite some time now. 1 
know that Congressman Stark has 
the students' interests at heart , but 
I don ' t know why he is opposing 
this facility," Sweet said. 

Supporters say the center would 
alleviate some of the difficulties 
students and faculty have found in 
finding affordable housing in the 
Washington area. 

reside in northern Virginia. The 
average intern c~n expect to share 
a two-bedroom apartment with 
three or four other interns, each 
paying at least $970 for two months. 

During the non- summer 
months, the regular commute from 
northern Virginia alsO presents a 
financial burden for swdents, 
Gardner said. Housing and trans-
portation costs have caused interns 
to look elsewhere around Wash-
ington for housing and have "made 

Paul Sweet, director of Federal 
Government Relations for the UC, 
maintains that students are over-
whelmingly in favor of the center. 

"The genesis of this project 
came through havingconversations 
with students . This center has been 
supported by the students and fac-

Summer interns from the UC 
have been housed at Georgetown 
University, while students intern-
ing during the regular school year See CENTER, page 3 

Yolanda King Addresses C.ampus Audience 
By SHERRY LOWRANCE 
Gllardian Reporter 

Yolanda King, eldest daughter of the late 
Martin Luther King Jr., spoke to an enthusias-
tic crowd on multi-culturalism in America 
Thursday in the Price Center Plaza. 

King' s speech was held in conjunction 
with the ASUCSD Culture Quest, a three-
day-long educational program and celebra-
tion aimed at promoting the cultural diversity 
of America to UCSD students. 

King , a board member of the King Center 
for Non-Violent Social Change, graduated 
from Smith College and holds a Master's de-
gree from New York University. She is also an 
actress, producer, director, and recently ap-
peared in the NBC special " King." 

According to King, mult i-culturalism 
means a respect and appreciation for every 
individual in society. "People of diverse eth-
nic backgrounds can make meaningful conm 
but ions to our collective welfare and progress, 
while at thesarne timemaintainingtheir Wlique 
cultural traditions," she said. 

King explained that her father dedicated 
his life to the belief that. "America can and 
should be a free and tolerant homeland for 

people of diverse backgrounds." But this 
vision does not yet exist, she said. 

There is no "universal American cultural 
tradition" common to all Americans, King 
asserted. United States citizens may share a 
common political ideology-a belief in the 
principles of democracy - but no distinct 
American culture has emerged in our rela-
tively short history. As a result, the tradi -
tional "melting pot theory" of the cultural 
make-up of the U.S. is not valid. 

"Contrary to the melting pot theory, we 
hold fast to our various diverse cultural tradi -
tions, even as we shape a distinctive Ameri -
can personality," King said. 

Most people may feel uncomfortable 
around those who are different, but everyone 
needs to "conquer these walls of ignorance 
and fear," she said. 

In order to do this, she said, the help of 
students is needed. "You, as students, have 
the power to implement programs that can re-
verse the highly publicized trends towards 
racial intolerance." 

According to King, selection of cultur-
ally-orientedentertainers, lectures, films,and 
course content can help bring about cultural 
awareness, but "every university that is re-

ally serious about conrributing to the crea-
tion of a society that is more just and honest ... 
should have a required course in ethnic stud-
ies." 

King believes that there is much work to 
be done in this country, not only in the area 
of cultural awareness, but in other areas as 
well. Too many people are currently living 
in poverty while opportunities exist because 
"there has not been the reinforcement to 
allow them to connect to those opponuni-
ties," she said. 

One-half of every dollar paid in taxes 
goes to the military, King said. "We are the 
most armed society in the world. We put our 
money and our values in certain places, and 
it affects the attitude, the spirit, and the way 
in which we interact, even on a day-to-day 
basis," she said. 

King expressed hope for the improve-
ment of society, even though the obstacles 
are many. "This country can be what it 
should be, what it often professes to be, but 
is not," she said. Every person needs to 
accept some responsibility and aggressively 
seek change;"You can force people to focus 
on these issues and ideas. It will ultimately 
make a difference," she said. 

Calvin and Hobbes by Bill Watterson G71IeUCSD ' VA. DIAN 'fI1Tl\ STlJPEN\X)JS SP£EO, 
SlVPEIf/lOIIS MAl( IS OJ, 

nlE OOOI( ! 

-rnEiI£ GC:E.S 
~l~N A~IIO 
M HOOS£ Ab/I.\N 
51IE. 511\1. ~1 
r.t\ClW ';C)J SIIU-1tD 
BKX INS\Of. 

N()\'l ru. 
Cl\ANG£ 
~A(\:' 111m 

~~ SKll.tJ 
IO£tmN 

-'lITIl. EGO! 

t>.u. RIG\\T. 
CAl~IN ! 

'" H£'\l£'D ~OO 
G:J'/ I 

\(OOt.I 'fOJ'Rf. 
0Ji I\~R£ ! 

SECURE 11'\ ~\S SBJI.E.' 
AAn<""sc;.. mJl'ENlXNS NAN 
PLANS \-\ \S ~iEG,{.' Bo\S'1 
SITI£R GIRL IS ~o ~TO~ 
RlR S7T1PENPOUS MAN :S 

Sl\JI'£NO~S Il'\iEU£cr.' 

'l'O\)~ PII.RUlrs 1l)lD iOJ 
10 BEIIAVE TON\GI.rr, 
Q£\A.~"'B£R?I 'rnE..'l 'Rt. \'\01' 
~IN(', 1l) S( I\I\WI' 'NI\'C.~ 

~~'{ \-\£'~R "'~T TIllS .' 

CALli IN . '(OO'R£, IN Biro 
~UBlE IF ~()J OONI 
( <M£ our.' 

SEE . \r 'fiE AAI> 
~rt>. cos 
II'\STEt>.I>. L\1(f 
I WmID). WE 
COJLO GO oor 
lIKt. rnls I\u. 

T\lt. riME. 

\-lOK('l . 'fit. 
Cl\~t. I\EII£ 

~ RtIJ,)( . 
l.£T5 TMX 

t>.8CJJT 
~ING 

El'51: . 

Of (OJR5£ ~ 1 
MI\OC ~ SWI't!,\~ 
D/>SI\ A'S ~~ 1<5 

RuSM.~N WE.N' 
ARooNO 1\\( HOOSI:! 
s\\E. STIll. DOESl<t 
[,-~~" KIoI()N ~ r 1tI-.! 

"'~ c.o~£RS I\I~ 
~E\l£ . t'\~ 
1't..lt>.M1>.S AQ£ 
HERE . 11'5 1\".:> 
PLAIN p.,S CAN 

BE! 

PHI. GRUEN, EfIIIor In CIt,., 
ROUt IlIAC LEAN. ....". Editor 
ANTON 8IT1lIER, ,... EtIIfor 
lEN 8O'IQtUI(, ~._ .... CpiIIIon EtIItof 
DAVID 1URKIfART, (,Ip/IIIMEdrIw 
DANA CHAIKEN, __ Editor 
JAIE8 COLLER. ,...". EdIfot' 
CATHERIE DIlLI."... EdItor 
RANDY D011NGA; c., EtIItof 
DOREEN ERENEA, A.1OdIIe ~ EdIrM 
PATRICIA JE'I1'E, ",.",. EdItr". 
GAL JOIIIIIION, ~.~ PIIofO Editor 
PIi1ER KO. ~"Dr' ".,.,. EdItor 
HELENA LEHG LOH, ~.1CICiIM HIIIIu. EdJIw 
J&FFQUAN, ~ EdIItN 
JA80N INElL, A • .., • .... ,.",.,. EdItor 
MIAS UZGI-'''''' EtIftor 
1IIIIDr ... WIlIIII: AnInI AIIImrn, MIry BIlly HNId. ChrIIIIna HillS. IIrIIrI 
.... HIney ...... Sell SIller, _ey lyn WHIter, Oowtd w,.. 
IIIII"-':JaIIoAuoclan. Lan 1lIMr ...... 1ltrtI. W_lIIb. EItc IlraIIo.la 
1InMIId, CynINa CIIqlbII. ScoII Calmar. Elle GuItIIIon. ....... HamIIDn. JiM 
.... Adlmllwy. OM LnII*om.JamosMtAlnar. JoIII 0dInIz. Mwto......".., 
....... RIIIIMI. TIIII FIizzIIII, NdmI RaIII*II. MdIlDc:liol, Liar RaItmw\ 
SIRIII sna. MIcNII--' DougSharde. UndI SINIIr. CIwtt~.INn 
SuNIl, KMI T .. ,1bIa WIiIIIhIId, JtII yaRlgUChl 
" 1 ..... ~ IIcI1III MWI. GIIg ear.. Jar1nj K*y. Cory \.ttIcIin, fin 
lJm.IlrIInMo'*. ..... MWdoan, John 0InI1. DIIYyI V ... Ftb ZIIIIga 
.........., ..... c.w.. WoCaopar. TonrFuerllea. c.m 1M ..... \IarQIIo. lilly 
Rot, TytIIIIII T,.at 
TypiIII: LMy BII:IwaI:tI, ~ 1IcMII. ...... FawI, Jim .... 
eo"....-.: ~ Caopar. GIIIg HuIIaAIIr. JiM Puzon. ... Spivar 
........... : TIIOJ ..." ~ICI C1U . ...... HarnI1rr1. CIwtt Kooca. Jell 
v....,..cN 
T .......... : Sell SIller, Oowtd WyNr 
EoI1DI1II,.....,.., Ln HIllIer. JarnIar vlIWf 
808 DMNDREA, ".,.......,.,. 
IIICHAIiL FOULKS, AtIwt1IMg IIfInIptr 
IIIICE IIARTlNIZ, AIMtIIIIrJtI "..., 
E.lEIQH HINIIY, CttIIrli'lfd ~1fIIII .. 
'" .... --= l.n IIIIorQit. CIwtt Ie..-
c:1nIu1I1IIn:JalWiIllndo. JoelM. F_ 011l0I. ~,.... 

""UC!D~ ...... 1/Dndo!I....,11IInIIIII*""' ... __ r-D\'...., 
..... _tlUC8D . .............. _In..,. ...... _1n1llholt 
or In pert. ..... pnllliDnll.....,~. C IllO, II ..... _ . 

""UCSO~"I111 .......... forll1O_oI..- ......... "'1Il 1M 
_..-In ............ _or __ .... ~ ... 
_ .. ..-tlIlltI.arDCi.MIrI, ... UiwoIIiIyolc..rno .... ~s... 
_IIfUC1lO. 

I!cIitoriaI: SU-6680 B~~: 634 -3466 Fo: 534-769l 
UCSD Guardian, B-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Monday, April 9, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

MANHUNT: Search Continues for Suspect in Clairemont Slayings 
Continued rrom page 1 

Crime Stoppers, a group con-
nected with the SDPD that offers 
monetary rewards for crime tips, 
offered a $1,000 reward for infor-
mation leading to the arrest and 
conviction ofTarr' s killer. In addi-
tion , separate rewards of $5,000 
each are being offered by the SDPD 
and the Anza Management Com-
pany, which operates the apart-
ment complex where Tarr was 
found. 

In separate incidents earlier this 
year, two female college students 
were found stabbed to death in 
their Clairemont apartments about 
two blocks from the site of 
Tuesday's murder. The Clairemont 
area is located approximately five 
miles south-east of UCSD. 

On Jan. 12, the slain body of 
Tiffany Schultz, 20, a San Diego 
State student majoring in English 
who worked part time as a nude 
dancer, was found in her apart-
ment in the 3100 block of Cowley 
Way. 

The San Diego County 
Coroner's office reported that 
Schultz had been stabbed more 
than 50 times. 

Detectives arrested Schultz's 
boyfriend, Jon Bums, 28, but later 
released him due to lack of evi-
dence. Police reponed that Bums 
is still considered a suspect in that 
case. 

Warren College senior Janene 
Weinhold, 21, was found fatally 
stabbed in her apartment in the 
3300 block of C1airemont Drive 
on Feb. 16. 

Weinhold, an aspiring attorney 
majoring in political science and 
history at UCSD, was apparently 
baking cookies when she was ac-
costed. 

The Coroner's office, at the 
request of the police, is not releas-
ing information regarding the 
circumstances of Weinhold's 
death. 

After Weinhold's murder, in-
vestigators told the Guardian that 
the Schultz and Weinhold slayings 
did not appear to be related. 

But in the aftermath of Tarr's 
stabbing, investigators admitted 
that there are a number of similari-
ties between the three murders. 

All three women were stabbed 
during daylight hours within blocks 
of each other, Powell said. Police 

also reponed that the crimes all 
occurred in upstairs apanments that 
showed no sign of forced entry. 

"We know [thernurclerer] didn't 
break in.... There are so many 
possibilities [as to how he got inl, 
but it 's all speculation at this point 
because the young ladies who know 
the answer aren' t talking," Powell 
said. 

Two homicide teams, consist-
ing of two sergeants and eight 
police officers each have been 
ass igned to the investigation , 
Powell said, and the SDPD's ban 
on planned ovenime by police 
officers has been lifted for this 
case. 

Police are also questioning 
black men in San Diego who fit the 
descri ption of the suspect, Powell 
said. 

Over the weekend, police set up 
a mobile police unit in the neigh-
borhood where the crimes occurred 
" to allow people who might have 
some little shred of information" a 
place where they can easily con-
tact police, Powell said. 

In addition to the increased 
police presence in the area, the 
Guardian Angels have begun 24-

CENTER: New Center Planned to House 
Interns and Faculty in Washington D.C. 
Continued from page 2 
it difficult for UC students to 
benefit from the normal friend-
ships and associations our stu-
dents have on campus," Gard-
ner said. 

To alleviate these housing 
problems, the University of 
California Center will house 
interns and faculty at costs 
comparable to those charged 
by the UC campuses, planners 
said. 

Classes will be taught at the 
center by visiting UC faculty 
members and graduate students 
in addition to the students' in-

SENTENCE 
Continued rrom page 1 
the crime. 

Rooney said, "when someone 
kills in the heat of passion, it 's 
manslaughter." Prior to 
Richardson's plea change, how-
ever, the prosecution had no evi-
dence pointing to a crime of pas-
sion. She added that in the absence 
of such evidence her office had no I 
choice but to charge Richardson 
with premeditated murder. The 
outcome, she said, "was fair to . 

I 
everyone concerned." I 

When Haller made her sentenc-
ing intentions clear in February at 
the close of the trial phase of the 
case, she addressed a ponion of her 
remarks from the bench to the 
victim'S family , some of whom 
wept openly in the courtroom. The 
family , according to a court source 
who wished to remain anonymous, 
had believed Richardson innocent 
throughout the year-long proceed-
ings. 

"To the members of the fam-
ily," Haller said on the day of 
Richardson's plea change. "this 
must be an extremely difficult day 
for you. It is a matter that you can 
now begin to put behind you." 

terns hips. Center supponers 
hope the proposed classes will 
allow interning students to con-
tinue their normal progress to-
wards obtaining theirdegrees and 
also enable them to continue re-
ceiving financial aid by satisfy-
ing minimum progress require-
ments. 

The center will also encom-
pass a UC-wide Research Insti-
tute, which will enable UC fac-
ulty and graduate students to 
better conduct political research 
and also aid the UC's efforts in 
recruiting faculty, UC sources 
said. 

The center is projected to 
open in the fall of 1992. Three 
UC campuses (Santa Barbara, 
Davis, and Los Angeles) are 
planning to establish campus 
academic programs in the capi-
ta! beginning next year. 

Some of the programs will 
include undergraduate course 
worl< and instruction, regular 
student internships, and faculty 
research. 

UC officials expect that sev-
eral of the other UC campuses 
will follow the lead of the UCs 
at Santa Barbara, Davis, and Los 
Angeles. 

The Ultimate Cut! 
:fd~da~Y-~f'cnd 
ran.~k#rxd.~ 

~ AaM. ~ d Jkt";f' ~. 
~M.l!nls Cuts .......... $4 OFF 

With This Ad Reg. $21.00 

Women's Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $26.00 

with selected slylisls 

*PRICES INCLUDE' 
graphic cut shampoo,conditioning 

and professional styling 

457-3334 
8143 Viii. u Joll. Drive 

hour foot patrols "in the hope of 
restoring the security that used to 
be here," said Weston Conwell. 
the Southem California coordina-
tor of the Guardian Angels. 

While SDPD representat ive 
Powell did not openly support the 
presence of the Guardian Angels, 
she said, "they ' re up there acting 
as eyes and ears, that can't hurt. as 
long as they don ' t do anything 
illegal ... 

The SDPD recently refused to 
join "a partnership against crime" 
with the Guardian Angels, citing 
liability problems, according to the 
Los Angeles Times. 

The SDPD's refusal carne after 
the March 15 citation of seven 
GuardianAngels for misdemeanor 
battery and false imprisonment 
after they allegedly tried to place 
two men under citizen's arrest, the 
Times reported. 

A UCSD student who lives a 
block away from the site of 

Tuesday's murder said she was 
taking what few precautions she 
could to protect herself. 

" Just lock your door and get to 
know your neighbors. That's all 
you can do," the student said. 

Ironically, a Neighborhood 
Watch s ign in a window below the 
apartment where Tarr was mur-
dered cautions, "Criminals Be-
ware! You are being watched." 

Though comforted by the pres-
ence of the Guardian Angels, one 
elderly resident said she missed 
the security the C1airemont area 
had in the past. 

"We used to say hello to every-
body, but now we just stare .... At 
one time we really had a great life 
here. Today, we're afraid just to 
walk a couple of blocks." 

Anyone with information about 
the Clairemont murders is urged to 
call Crime Stoppers at 235-TIPS 
or the SDPD Homicide Depart-
ment at 531-2293. 

let Us Earn Our Stripes! 
MONEY M NEY MONEY MONEY 

It's better than the lottery. 
It's better than the races. 

It's a sure thing. 
It's the California Renter's Tax Credit. 

Find out how you as a conunuter 
renter can get a $60 rent rebate. 
No gimmicks. Call Commuter 
Student ServIces at 534-3670 
for more details. 

kinkolJ' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

1855 Villa ... Jolla Dr. 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 9, 1990 

Opinion 
~~~ENDORSEMENTS~~~ 

UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 
PHll.. GRUEN, Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN, Managing Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, News Editor 
ANTON BlTINER. News Editor 
DA VID BURKHART. Opinion Editor 

ASUCSD Office Endorsements 
President 

The president sets the lone of the 
entire AS. Council. This may be the 
position's most important function; the 
president can work behind the scenes, 
build a consensus, and represent stu-
dent interests to the administration. If 
the AS. Council collapses into divi-
siveness and is ineffective - as has 
happened in recent years - most of the 
blame must lie with the president 

We are endorsing John Edson for 
this post because he understands the 
position's role. His command of detail 
is staggering, and more importantly, he 
understands how to forge compromise 
and deal with the inevitable conflicts 
that arise in the political process. His 
ideas are concrete: he wants to find 
corporate sponsorship to lower the 
RIMAC fee, see that parking fees are 
properly spent, keep tuition fees down, 
and increase student autonomy. 

These issues were mentioned by 
other candidates, but Edson has ideas 
about how to accomplish them. Edson 
placed referenda on this ballot con-
cerning corporate sponsorship of 
RIMAe and the use of parking fees, 
and passage of these referenda would 
give the president bargaining power. 

Edson has a firm grasp of the issues, 
and clearly articulates his goals. He 
understands both the powers and limi-
tations of the office of AS. president, 
and has done extensive research on 
campus issues. We strongly endorse 
his candidacy. 
Vice President Administrative 

This post is also a powerful one. In 
addition to conducting the council meet-
ings ' the VP administrative is in charge 
of campus-wide comminee appoint-
ments. The VP administrative is in a 
unique position to work behind the 
scenes to smooth ruffled feathers, head 
off conflicts which are about to ex-
plode, and create a professional atmos-
phere on the council. 

James Reiner possesses the skills 
necessary for this post. He has impor-
tant ideas about improving the selec-
tion process for appointments and see-
ing that appointees communicate with 
the council, and he is informed about 
issues the council is likely to face. All 
of the candidates for this post are quali-
fied, but Reiner is the clear choice. For 
the past two years we have had excel-

lent people in this post, and Reiner will 
continue that tradition. 
Vice President External Affairs 

The VP external position is an im-
portant one, but most students are 
unaware of what the post entails. It is 
the responsibility of the VP external to 
deal with groups outside of UCSD - a 
broad classification. The most impor-
tant of these groups is the state legisla-
ture. Proposition Ill, which would hold 
down student fees, is one of the most 

. important issues facing students, but 
- as Agustin Orozco points out -
very few students are aware of it. The 
VP external must work to see that the 
legislature puts this on the ballot, and 
then work for its passage. 

Molly McKay is an impressive per-
son with tremendous energy, but she 
doesn't appear to understand the major 
responsibilities of the position. She was 
not well informed concerning Proposi-
tion Ill, and nearly all of the issues she 
stresses are internal to UCSD. She wants 
to tackle a lot of projects, but working 
on them would prevent her from exe-
cuting the duties of 
the position. We 
hope she stays 
involved in the 
AS., and lends her 
talents to many 
acti vities, perhaps 
in appointed posi-
tions. But she is not 
the ri ght choice for 
VP external. 

Orozco under-
stands the respon-
sibilities of VP 
external, and will 
execute them well. 
Last year he served 
as Muir sopho-
more senator, and 
was one of the few 
AS. members to accomplish some-
thing - he convinced the UCSD Po-
lice to put signs on call boxes indicat-
ing that CSOs could be called from 
them. This was an important step to-
wards improving campus safety. He 
did fail to keep his campaign promise 
of convincing the Muir Rathskeller to 
sell canned sodas, but he has matured 
in office, and his goals are much more 
realistic than McKay's. He is the best 
candidate for this position. 

Poll Locations 
Tuesday , AprlIIO: Wtdntoday. Apnlll : 

REVEllE: 
MUIR: 

Re .. ne Plaza Gym SiepS & Price Cenle, Plaza 
MOM 

THIRD: 
Warren: 
FIFTH: 

Pelerson Han Thur1day. Apr.1 12: 
Apt. Common. Gym SlOPS & Price Ceme' Plaza 

AsSI Dean', Office 
PoN. WlII~ opMI ApnJ ,O/IIIC I' from 'O •. m. '04 p.m. afI(Jon 1Ipfi' '2 from '0 a.m. to 2p.m. 

ASUCSD OFFICES 
President •••••••••••.............•.............•••...........••............ JOHN EDSON 
Vice Presidents: 

Administrative ..•.....•••........•••••••••....•...••••••...... JAMES REINER 
External .................................•...•........••.••. AGUSTIN OROZCO 
Finance ......•............•..••..........••............. SERGIO LANGARICA 

Commissioners: 
Academic Affairs ..................................... ANNETTE MOSLEY 
Communications ..................................... NO ENDORSEMENT 
Public Relations ...................................... NO ENDORSEMENT 
Programming ................................... MA TTHEW SCHNURER 
Operations, Services and Enterprises •.• NO ENDORSEMENT 
University Center Board ....................................... NICK LONG 

Vice President Finance 
The VP fmance has control over the 

details of the budget. It is not, as Karen 
Makkreel points out, just a numbers 
position, though numbers are a vital 
part of it. Sergio Langarica is the most 
knowledgeable candidate for this posi-
tion. His experience on the financial 
board and as A.S. financial controller 
will serve him well in this post. 

He will be effective in navigating 
the often complicated financial proc-
esses, and will be able to help other 
A.S. members understand them. His 
goals are clear and realistic, and he will 
serve the students ably. Langarica will 
be an effective VP finance. 
Academic Affairs 

Annette Mosley is running unop-
posed for this position, but it is difficult 

to imagine a better 
candidate. This 
year's commis-
sioner, Darin Mal-
loy, was ineffec-
tive- hefailed to 
accomplish his 
promise of elimi-
nating the "W" 
grade, and he re-
portedly missed 
two-thirds of the 
meetings of the 
Committee on 
Educational Pol-
icy. Mosley cer-
tainly couldn't do 
worse, and we feel 
she will do far 
better. She is 

firmly committed to increasing com-
munication between students and the 
administration, and she will work hard 
to create an ethnic studies department. 
We believe she will be an effective 
student representative. 
Communications 

This post oversees the funding of the 
media at UCSD, with the exception of 
the Guardian (which is independent). 
This post has the potential for a great 
deal of conflict, particularly since the 
members of the alternative media range 
widely across ideologies and tempera-
ments. Gloria Corral, who is running 
unopposed, seems capable. But she 
lacks the "v i ion thing." Her goals 
appear limited to maintaining the 
changes Mike Holmes made this year. 

This is not enough. We will not endorse 
for this position. 
Public Relations 

The Associated Students certainly 
have a public relations problem. The 
government is perceived as weak and 
ridiculous, and it has difficulty com-
municating any sort of message. A.S. 
events are often ignored. There is a 
great deal of room for improvement 
here, but neither of the candidates -
David Floren and George Maurer -
really shine. Both lack clear goals and, 
more damaging, don't really under-
stand how to reach students and the 
community. Maurer didn't even bother 
to sign up for an interview.We cannot 
endorse either candidate. 
Programming 

Last year, we didn't endorse Matt 
Schnurer because he was too inexperi-
enced. That's not true anymore - in 
fact, Man, more than any other candi-
date this year, has been blooded in the 
A.S. 

He made mistakes this year, cer-
tainly. He tried to avoid conflict, and 
thus made the conflict worse when it 
did occur. But we believe he has leamed 
from these experiences and there is, 
quite simply, no one more experienced 
for this post. His opponent has poten-
tial, but it would take her a long time to 
leam all that Schnurer does about pro-
gramming. We endorse Schnurer. 
Operations, Services, Enterprises 

Again, neither of the candidates are 
worthy of endorsement. Craig Sneider-
man has a great deal of experience with 
the A.S., but his understanding of this 
position is limited. Libertine A. Tra-
jano lacks experience, and has vague 
plans. Neither of the candidates could 
even name all of the operations, serv-
ices, and enterprises. We cannot endorse 
a candidate for this position. 
University Center Board 

This position has limited power, 
since the commissioner cannot vote as 
chair of the University Center Board. 
But the commissioner does have a lot 
of power to influence decisions and di-
reet the course of debate. The commis-
sioner also serves as a student voice for 
issues involving the Price Center and 
Student Center. Nick Long has the 
experience necessary for this post, and 
demonstrates a real concern for tudent 
issues. We endorse his candidacy. 

Monday, April 9, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

ENDORSEMENTS 
Referenda Question Endorsements 

The six referenda are relatively 
straightforward. There are three con-
stitutional amendments on the ballot , 
thanks to the passage of last year's 
constitutional amendment raising the 
limit to three. The purpose of that 
amendment was to allow the outdated 
and often vague AS. Constitution to be 
updated, without the risk and trouble of 
aconstitutional convention. Apparently 
this failed, since one of the amend-
ments is on the ballot to facilitate acon-
venti on. The other two amendments 
patch up some problems with the Judi-
cial Board and the University Center 
Board. 

The first three referenda are advi-
sory, and will likely have little effect on 
either the UCSD or UC administra-
tions. Last year, the referendum against 
nighttime parking passed by a nine-to-
one margin, but we've seen how effec-
ti ve that was. These referenda may, 
however, be omewhat useful for ap-
plying pressure. 
Student Parking Fee 

Parking fees are meant to be user 
fees. The revenue from the sale of 
parking permits and tickets is supposed 
to go to improve the parking situation. 
But the administration has been using 
parking revenues to make road im-
provements that are unrelated to park-
ing. The referendum asks whether fees 
should be used for this purpose. 

This is a simple issue; the admini-
stration is spending these fees in an 
improper manner, and it should not be 
aJlowed to do so. Stopping it wiLl re-
quire more than voting "No" - it will 
require vigorous leadership on the part 
of AS. members, and a vocal student 
body. The first step, however, is indi-
cating to the administration clearly how 
we feel. Vote "No." 
Commercial Sponsor 

This referendum asks simply, 
"Should commercial sponsors (e.g. 
alcohol, sports, etc.) be allowed to help 
fund the new RIMAC facility and re-
duce student fees?" We feel the answer 
is "Yes," but we share concerns about 
commercialization. Sponsorship will 
need to be handled in an intelligent 
manner - no "Budweiser" painted 
across the center of a basketbaU court, 

for example - and sponsors should be 
selected carefully. If, for example, 
Coca-Cola becomes a sponsor, what 
impact will that have on programming 
when other beverage makers often 
sponsor concert tours? Again, the first 
step is acting on this referendum. But 
that's not the end of the story. 
Nuclear Weapons Labs 

The visceral reaction of most stu-
dents will be that the University of 
California should not be involved with 
the only two labs in the country legally 
authorized to design, develop, and test 
nuclear weapons. But there are many 
important arguments for maintaining 
the UC management of these labs. 

One is that the UC is capable of 
managing them effectively, or at least 
more effectively than a private com-
pany would. Should we really tum over 
management to, say, Union Carbide or 
Exxon? The fees paid to the UC by the 
U.S. government for running the labs 
are not enormous, relatively speaking, 
but the $12 million a year (of which 
halfis available for university use) does 
go to some good projects, including the 
Institute on Global Conflict and Coop-
eration. 

The management of these labs gives 
the University of California prestige, 
and a unique opportunity to allow fac-
ulty and students to do res~arch they 
could not do elsewhere. The actual 
number of students and faculty who do 
research at the labs is small, but the 
benefits have the potential to be great. 

In addition, these labs do research 
which could greatly benefit the world. 
A workable fusion reactor, forexample, 
would provide unlimited energy to the 
world - a possibility with incalcu-
lable benefits for peace in the world. 

The UC should continue its manage-
ment of these' important research facili-
ties. Vote "Yes." 
Constitutional Convention 

The A.S. Constitution is badly in 
need of revision. The only way to 
completely rewrite it is to hold a consti-
tutional convention. AS. President John 
Ramirez attempted to call one, but the 
members of the A.S. Council were 
concerned that once the convention was 
called, the council would have no con-

Endorsement Policy 
The endorsements were decided by a majority vote of the Guardian Editorial 

Board. The Editorial Board conducted interviews with the vast majority of the 
candidates for president and for vice presidential and commissioner posts. 

In addition, candidates for senator were given several questions and asked to 
submit a one-page answer to them. 

Some of the things the board was looking for in candidates were somerelevent 
experience. a command of the issues, clearly defined goals, and a realistic under-
standing of the powers and limitations of the positions they are running for. 

Students spend much of the year complaining about problems such as parking 
and high fees . This is the one time of the year students can actually have an effect: 
the student representatives, if they are chosen correctly and possess a clear man-
date of the people, can truly make a difference. 

We strongly urge students to vote. We cannot expect a strong tudent govern-
ment when few students take the time to have a voice in that government. 

"The only sure bulwark of cOfllinuing libtrty is a governmcnt strong enough to 
protect the illterests of the people. and a people strong enough and well enough 
illformed to maintain its sovereign colltrol ovcr its government." 

- Franklin D. Roosevelt 

REFERENDA QUEST10NS 
Student parking fee towards road improvements ................... NO 
Com mercia I sponsor for RIMA C ............................................ YES 
UC management o( nuclear weapons labs .............................. YES 
A.S. Constitutional Amendments: 

Constitutional Convention ................................................... YES 
U CB Chair .............................................................................. YES ... 
Judicial Board ...............••.•.................................................... YES 

trol over what was done. 
This referendum solves that prob-

lem, and it is long overdue. Vote "Yes." 
University Center Board 

This amendment makes the Univer-
sity Center Board chair a non-voting 
memberoftheA.S.Council. This means 
iliat graduate students would be able to 
vote for the position and serve a" UCB 
chair. This is a good change, and we 
support a "Yes" vote. 
A.S. Judicial Board 

The A.s. Constitution is vague con-
cerning the Judicial Board. This lack of 
clarity gives the Judicial Board the 
potential for tremendous power, and 

puts the board in the position of con-
stantly judging actions of the AS. 
Council. This amendment clarifies the 
board 's role and, perhaps most impor-
tantly, removes the Judicial Board's 
ability to review A.S. legislation when 
a complaint has not been filed . The 
board members can no longer act on a 
whim. 

This is a good referendum, but it 
should not be seen as a cure-all for the 
problems of the Judicial Board. Hope-
fully, a rewritten constitution will give 
the board both a vigorous and balanced 
role in studentgovemment. In that spirit, 
vote "Yes" on this referendum. 

ASUCSD Senate Endorsements 
Our endorsements appear in the box 

below. The post of senator is largely a 
weak one, but an effective senator can 
get some things accomplished. An able, 
ambitious, devoted senator can over-
come the ,limited power and poor re-
sources of the position. 

A senator requires genuine political 
skill, and that is rare in this post. Many 
people run for this post just for another 
line on their resume. But others run be-
cause they are really concerned about 
the issues, and it is these senators who 
often progress to higher offices in later 
years. 

The primary aspect we looked for in 
senatorial candidates was a grasp of the 
issues-specifics, not generalities such 
as "we need a unified council. " 

It's a measure of the weakness of 
this position that there were so few 
people running for the posts, and in one 
case - Revelle junior senator - no 
one is running. There were a few stand-

outs, however. Robert Glenn, who is 
running for Third sophomore senator, 
has experience dealing with people, is 
hard-working, and has a great deal of 
potential. Aimme Dumas, a candidate 
for Revelle senior senator, has experi-
ence in organization and is unlikely to 
become embroiled in the petty political 
games typical of student government. 

Two negative standouts are Darin 
Malloy, candidate for Third senior sena-
tor, and Jim Edwards, who is running 
for Muir senior senator. Both held com-
missioner posts on this year's A.S. 
Council, and both were ineffecti ve and 
involved in a great deal of divisiveness. 
Their opponents, Amy Vanderlinden 
for Muir and Victoria Williams for 
Third, are capable and more qualified. 

The other candidates we endorsed 
demonstrated the desire to work hard, 
despite the post's shortcomings. We 
hope they will form the core of an A.S. 
which is better than the current one. 

ASUCSD SENATE 
FIFTH COLLEGE Senators: 

Junior ................................................................ PAUL WILCOX 
Sophomore ............................................................... SUZy LANE 

MUIR COLLEGE Senators: 
Senior .................................................. AMY VANDERLINDEN 
Junior ..•.......................................•............ NO ENDORSEMENT 
Sophomore •••••••••••••••.••••••.....•..•.•...•.•••.......... SUSAN LEDWITH 

REVELLE COLLEGE Senators: 
Senior ..............•..•....•....•.•...........•..........•.•••••••••• AIMEE DUMAS 
Sophomore .......•........•..••••.••••.....••............................ JA Y LEVIN 

THIRD COLLEGE Senators: 
Senior .................................................. VICTORIA WILLIAMS 
Junior •······ ................................................ NO ENDORSEMENT 
Sophomore ...•.•...•••••••••..•.••.........•................... ROBERT GLENN 

WARREN COLLEGE Senators: 
Senior ..•••...•...•....•... """,, .......•.......•.•••..•.•............... TOM LUDWIG 
Junior .......... " ............................................ NO ENDORSEMENT 
Sophomore · ................................................. PATRICK DWYER 



6 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

Explanations of Referenda Questions 
1) Student Parking Fee Referenda 

Question 
Referendum one is fairly self explana-

tory in its request that student parking fees, 
levied to pay for parking facilities and on-
campus road improvements, not be used to 
fund on-campus road improvements unre-
lated to parking. 

These non-parking-related improvements 
include footbridges that do not connect 
parking lots, roads which do not directly 
serve parking lots, and parking structures 
which do not provide student spaces. 

2) Commercial Sponsor Referenda 
Question 

Referendum two asks whether or not 
students approve of commercial sponsors 
providing funds for the RIMAC facility . 

Proponents of the referendum feel that 
commercial sponsorship of RIMAC (for 
example by clothing or alcohol companies) 
would substantially lower student financial 
contributions to the project. 

The UCSD administration 's current pol-
icy is to avoid sponsorships which it feels 
would commercialize the campus. 

3) Referenda Question on Nuclear 
Weapons Labs 

Referendum three concerns the relation-
ship between the UC and the LawrenceLiv-
ermore and Los Alamos laboratories, which 
are the only laboratories authorized to de-
velop and test U.S. nuclear weapons. The 
UC, which has managed the two labs since 
1943, will decide in 1990 whether or not to 
continue its management responsibilities. 

The referendum asks UCSD student if 
they upport continued UC management of 
the weapons laboratories at Livermore and 
Los Alamos. 

The university receives $12 million for 
managing the labs, hal f of which is reserved 
for university u e. Of the approximately $6 
million, $1 million is allocated for collabo-
rative research between the labs and UC 
faculty and students. 

Over 50 percent of the labs' budget re-
portedly goes to research and development 
of nuclear weapons, and 77 percent of the 
labs' total budget goes to military research 
in support of national policy as communi-
cated to the labs by the Department of En-
ergy. The remaining money is allocated to 
non-military research programs. 

Opponents to continued UC management 
of the labs have cited an Academic Senate 
report, the lenderson Report of 1989, which 
recommends that the university should dis-
continue its management of the labs. The 
report suggests that another non-profit or 
for-profit organization or company could 
manage the labs as well as the UC. 

Many opponents, including the UC Santa 
Barbara-based student group Lab-watch 
and the UCSD Academic Senate, are op-
posed to the relationship between the UC 
and the labs because they feel the UC, as a 
learning institution, should not involve it-
self in nuclear weapons development. 

Supporters of UC lab management, in-
cluding a majority of the members of the 
UCSD Graduate Student Association, point 
out that money from the labs funds groups 
such as the UCSD-based Institute on Global 
Conflict and Cooperation. These supporters 
also say that UC management of the labs 
creates jobs for UC students and adds to the 

Fresh, Original & Powerlul Dance from New York 

APRIL J2 
THURSDAY 
BPM 
MANDEVIllE 
AUDITORIUM 
GoA. $14.00 
Sr.Cit. $12.00 
S[ $10.00 

TICKer~ .v.1S71F~ 
UCSD 80)( OFFICE • 534·4559 

overall prestige of the university as a re-
search entity. 

4) Referenda Question Regarding 
Constitutional Convention 

Referendum four establishes guidelines 
for a possible Consti tutional Convention to 
rewrite the A.S. Constitution. 

Supporters of the referendum stress a 
need for a new A.S. Constitution and feel 
that these guidelines would provide A.S. 
members with some structural basis for such 
a convention. The A.S. Constitution has not 
been rewritten in the past five years . 

One objection is that these guidelines 
give A.S. members an inordinate amount of 
power in writing the new constitution. 

Currently the chairperson of the Univer-
sity Center Board (UCB), which oversees 
the operation of the Price Center and the 
Student Center, cannot be a graduate stu-
dent because the UCB chairperson has a 
vote on the A.S. , the governing body for 
undergraduate students. 

5) Referenda Question Regarding 
UCB Chairperson 

Referendum five would make the UCB 
chairperson an ex-officio, or non-voting, 
member of the A.S. so that a graduate stu-
dent could hold the position. 

Supporters of the proposed change in 
legislation feel that because graduate stu-
dents pay the UCB fee, graduate students 
should be able to serve as chairperson of that 
body if so elected. 

One objection to the referendum is that 
graduate students already have an ex-officio 
member in the A.S, and this referendum 

Monday, April 9, 1990 

would give graduate tudents more input in 
A.S . discuss ions. 

6) Referenda Question Regarding 
A.S. Judicial Board 

Under current A.S. law, the A.S. Judicial 
Board can rule on the constitutionality of 
any A.S. decision without being presented 
with a formal complaint. 

Referendum six would change A.S . legis-
lation so thatthe Judicial Board must have a 
formal complaint from an undergraduate 
student on an A.S. decision before it can rule 
on the decision's constitutionality. 

Supporters of the referendum feel this 
would limit the powerofthejudicial board to 
ruling on legitimate complaints from stu-
dents, including A.S. councilmembers. 

Opponents to the referendum are con-
cerned that this legislation may weaken the 
already limited power of the judicial board. 

Monday, April 9, 1990 7 
. The UCSD GUlJrdilJn 

A.S. ELECTIONS ADVERTISING SECTION 

1990 ASUCSD ELECTIONS - SAMPLE BALLOT 

/!MIJIsI.Q 
PRESIDENT 
Ctvis Haddock 
Vanness Harris 
UsaRlig 

SIII· ... PW 

RIGHT 
CORE 

John Edson 
la"ry 8ecker 
Wafter Bins 

Substance Not SiogIw1s 
Strong Directed Leadership 

VICE PRESIDENT ADIINSTRATIVE 
Mike Holmes CORE 
James Retl!lll 
Rubeo Duran RIGHT 

VICE PRESIDENT EnERNAL AFFAIRS 
Agustin Orozco 
Molly McKay 

VOICE 
Substance Not Siog<llS 

VICE PRESIDENT FINANCE 
RIGHT 
Substance Not Slogans 
CORE 

COIIIISSIOHER OF ACADEMIC AFFAIRS 
Alrnette Mosley RIGHT 

COIIIIISSIOHER Of COItIIIUllCA11ONS 
Gloria Corraf VOICE 

COIIIIISSIONER OF PUBUC RELATlCNS 
David Floren BEST 
George P. Maurer VOICE 

COIIMlSSIONER OF PROGRAMMING 
Matthtw Schnurer 
Dorolhy Knapp 

COIIMISSIONER Of OPERATIONS, SERVICES & ENTERPRISES 
Crai1l Sneiderman 
Ubeltine A. Trajano (Ulerty) VOICE 
COIIIIISSIONER OF UNIVERSITY CENTER BOARD 
Nick Long 

FIFTH JUNIOR SENATOR 
Pauf Wilcox 

FIFTH SOPHOMORE SENATOR 
Jose Jimenez 
Suzy Lane 

MUIR SENIOR SENATOR 
Jim Edwards BEST 
Ivny V<Ildertinden 

MUIR JUtIOR SENATOR 
Barbra Templer BEST 
Joshua D. Gross 

MUIR SOPHOMORE SENATOR 
JellY Janoff 
Susan LedwitI1 

REVELLE SENOR SENATOR 
Jose Aftovar 
A1meeOumas 

REVELLE JUNIOR SENATOR 

REVELLESOPHOIIORESENATOR 
Jay Levin 
Rafael O<.rminguez BEST 

REVELLE COLLEGE COUNCIL 
Christ; Hicks 
Mike Aldufi 
Priya Jayachnjnll 
KiKiLOMry 
T 0I1i Caccialore 
BfatleyFrelds 
Bit Mohler 
Meredith KnobIer 

ntIID SENIOR SENATOR 
Vrctoria Wiliams 
D<rin Malloy BEST 

TlfIRD JUNIOR SENATOR 
AIda Guerra BEST 

THIRD SOfIttOIIORE SENATOR 
Ancie Shelly BEST 
Robert Glenn 

WAIIIIEN SENIOR SENATOR 
Tom Ludwig 

WARREN JUNOR SENATOR 
JeffWteks 

WARREN SOPHOMORE SENATOR 
Pa~ick Dwyer 

(1'0/1 for Sill) 

Whic/l of rh6 following do you pt9f9r as the new name 
for Third Co/lege? 
YpllbrQw 
1) Martin Luther King·CiviI Flights LeD. NobtIIPeace Prin. 
2) Rosa Pm . Civil Flights MiocateOl/>o Sf"IIed tIHI Montgomery &is 

Boycott. 
3) SIquoyah • NBIMI ~ Educator Mro /nwnlfld fh8 Cheroi!IHI 

SyIliIbIIry. 
4) No Preflfence 

1990 ASUCSD REFERENDA QUESTIONS 
I) SDJpeNT PARKING FEE REFERENDA OUESTION 

Currenfj.1nJdent paJtq lees are ._10 ItM1d paItilg faca. 
ties IJ1j ~ road ifrClrOVemtnlS. The lkMraiIy has aIocaled 
pat1<Ing f ... to ~ road "",,,0....- no! relal«l to paI1Urg 
1ociIties. 

ShouId ... lJnIvnty ... 1GJden1 parI<Ing toos Ie fund en CIWIpJS 
road~o_ls? 

Y.. .... __ .... OpInIon. __ _ 

2) COWEACIAl SPONSOR REFERENDA 9IfSTJON 

Shouidcommort:loleponsors(e.g. _ .!pOIIs ..... ) bo aIowedto 
help ItM1d !ht"... RfMAe faciiIy and reduce _1Mo? 

Y.. .... __ "" 0pInI0n. __ _ 

3) REFE!!EH!lA QUESTION 00 NUCLEAR WEAI'OHS lABS 
The ~ of caIibTia manages Ihe Lawrence livermore arc! 

Loe AIamoI National l.aborllOries. Ihe only two _ authorized 10 
design. dMfop. 0IId test .. U.s. _ ........ 

The UC BegenIs •• rOCJired Ie make a pr~ decision in 
SepI8mber of 1990 "'*"" 10 ccntilue the UrMrsIy". managemanl 
responsiblilos. The current !lopar1ment 01 E'*VY contract with !ht 
UniYerIity txpIr_ In 1992. 

The UniYenICy'sprimarydulyinmanagiflg ItHt !abo is to appoIntdkec· 
tors 10 oach of "'!abo. The UCdoes not participoIein tho progranmng 
Of bucIgeIirG ~ of ItHt labs; this Is done by !he Oeparineri of 
EIWgy and!ht \lopImIent of DefInM. 

The UrIvtr1iIy,.... a _I I .. d twoIYe million doIIats 
ofwhlcl1 ~ halfio_ for UriYoniIy .... F""" tNs.1tHt 

~ aloe.- $1 niIfIon anrudy to IO.wort coIabOflW. r. 
"lid! -. .... !abo nI UC facUty and studonts. This.."../ 
makes up _iNn 1% of!ht UC's ...., r_ bIJdget. 

Over fifty porter1I of the labs' buJgeI goM to ... rMHrCh and deYtI. 
opmenlof rucfoar weapons 1n1-CY _ pon:ont of Ihe labs' Iota! 
bucJget goes 10mllitary r-.:h in support of nalionaf policy .. COITIIl> 
nicat«l to!ht JIbe by the DopnnenI of ~. The remaining money 
Is allocated lD ...... miIiIary research programs. 

ThI<e hayt bton four laculty repotIs r~ tie managemenl of 
tho Utbs. The fi1t ltv .. r __ oded contnJed UC rnanagemenI 01 
the Labs oriy W ....astantiaJ rroodfations In !ht nature of 1Jffltrsi!y 
managemenlocct.<l«l. The most recanl Aca:Ienic Senale report.lhe 
Jendr"""" Report of 1989. reco.,.."."ded !hat !ht University shotJIj 
dlscontinro its manogena;l of tie Labs. 

Do you ~ the University 01 Cal_'s management of !ht 
weapons laboratories aI lNermo!e and Los Alamos? 
Ves .... __ .... OpInIon __ _ 

11CONSTIDmoNAlAMENOMENTTOAATIClEYlNAMENQMENIS 
OF A S CQNSI!IUTJON REFERENDA QUESnoo 

The cumlnl ASUCSD Constitution reads: 

ARTICLE VIII ; AMENDMENTS 

Section C: 
Upon rectlpt by tho PrOSldenI a a petition s9>ed by fif\8en portellI 

(1 5%) 0I1he members 0I1he ASUCSD Of upon pusagt by two-Ilids (2I3rds) of a eotroI _ 10 the efhJct !hal a ConsI!tutfonaf 
Convention be held. then tie Pr_ shaff _ a con_lion 
within twelve (12) academic days. and shalf prMidt over It 

1. A COOYendon shalf bo open to allllIIITDlfs of Ihe ASUCSO. 

Z. ~ _1n1.-constitutf0r8sha1bo by aslrr!>lt 
majority VOlt 01 !hoee in IIIIRIInr:e at 1M con..ntIcn and shaI be 
pfacad on tie _ 01 an eIedicJl wI1hin JweIyt (12)....., lIoys 
ollhe~. 

Should tie ASUCSO amend the ASUCSO CcnaIiIUion Article VIII 
ArnerldrT*IIa Ie read: 

ARTICLE Vllf: AMENDMENTS 

Section C: ConsIfIIAionaI Convention 

Upon ItHt rlC~ by 1M Presldenl 01 a petition S9>ad by _!Y'M 
(25%) 0I1he mombers 01 ... ASUCSD Of upon ptSIIQe by two-Ihids 
(2I31l1s) oIaca.ncilr88OkAioncalr1l for a ConstiUIonaI C<lnYentIonlo 
be held. !hen a CorwMIion &hal begin willlin Iwerlly (20) academic days. 

I) A convrion shalf be open 10 all rnetrbers 0I1ht ASUCSO 
2)Althodoltoflllc:onat\Donaf~"'.shalbeno""". 
than one (1) ccrwIIUion p!~ tor cor.lderalion en tho beIIoI of 
an election ID bo held wiIhin twenty.four (21) ademIc days 0I!ht 
_ 01 ... _ . If the spring general .-ctlcn Is sc:heclMd 
wilhin IIxty lIoys 0/ lie dooe of tie convention. the consll\Jlion shall 
be pI&C4d on Iht blllel of tie generaf election. 

3)ByIawa: 

.) The ConIIIutfcnaI Coowtrrtfon shaI be goYtrned by the ASUCSD 
ConItikrtionoI ConvenIIon Bytawo. 
b) A two-fhi1Is(2i3Ids) aIIrmIIvo ..... of tho A.S.Coon:II1lIIItora 
slid bo ~ tor,..., 01 the ConIIUonaI ~ 
Bytaws rid for . ,.dr,.", 10 .... ConAlJIonaf c-,tion By. 
laws. 

1) A "... ConoIfIUion shalf be ~ upon c:ontItfenc:e 01 2i3nII 
of the -. of ... ASUCSD~. 

The CUfrenl ASUCSO ConstitUion rude: 

ARTICLE II: ASSOCIATED STUDENT COlJolCtl 

Seeton E: MerrCer1IIIp of COIIlCi 
The CcwrcII .... ccnIiII 01 lin ~-widt eIecIed merm.s and 

four eIocIod _ from oach coIIgt. There .. aile be .......... 
eIICIed """'*11 members. 

I. C~wido aIecIod -. 01 the Council shill consist 0I!ht 
foHowi1g oI11cIrs 0I1he ASUCSO: 
a)Pr'" 
b) VICe PreIIdInI: Adol'''. 
c) Vice PrMldenl: E_ N1aJs 
d) Vlc4 PrtIident; FNnciIf 
e) ~ of PIAlIfc Rtidont 
~ ConrnisIioNr of Cormu1icUons 
g) ~ofProgr...mng 
h) ComrriIIIonIr 01 Aeadenic AJfafIs 
I) CorrvnIIIIoner of Opera!lorlllServicea ff1C! Ert«prIMa 
D C~iChalrpnon of Urive<sity Ctnt .. Board 
2. CoIego Sonalrn 
.) SopImn. Junior. III1d Soniodrom aad! COllege. 
b) FrWomln 110m NCIl coI1ogo. 
3. E • .QIIcio Morrt>ers of tie Council 
a) AIIInnf ~M 
bj Gr .... SUIont Rtp-_M 
c) Adoririotdyt ~ 
d) ASUCSO S-.dInt AIMxaIt 
e) ASUCSO EinInc:III CcnIcfIeI 
Q ASUCSO Labby AnneI !kU 

~) ASUCSO.lddll 110M! ChIIrperIon 
h) UCSD 5aIIInI AJI1rmIIIyt /don Courd RIpr..utiw 
I) UCSO SUIonI Body ....... CouncI Repoooso ... 

ARTICLE ff!: OFE1CERS OF THE ASUCSD 

Section a: I.8glslaliv, 

6. ResponsIrIIi1Ia of ConmssfonerlCharrperson Uriversity 
Center Board 

I) ShaI serve as the chIiporson 0I1he UniYersity Center Board. 
alae known _ !he SIUdent Cerrter Bowd. 
b) Shal be an •• -officlo Rnrce cormiaM _ . 
c) Shal S<briI locooocif tlelJriversityCtnlo<budgol by tho Ild1 
... of ... spring quart .. po.r ..... 1 10 tho SI\.derIt Center Board Chart". By-laws and poIicios. 
d) MUll hlYtone yNl ~_ .. perIonce_ an eIocIeda· 
ftcIaJ 01 tho ASUCSO Of as a merr/Jef of !ht SUJent c.n* 
BoanJ. 

Should ... ASUCSD amend tie ASUCSD Ccnmution, Miele If & 
III to rtod: 
ARTICLE If: ASSOCIATEO STUDENT cor.n:tL 
Section E: _st>p 01 C<u1ci 

The CooocI shaf1 consisI 01 llIl carTllUS'- eIectad rnenilers 
and four eIecIed senaIOrS ~om each college. Thera will also bo 
...... non-elected no<HIOIing rnont>ers. 

I . CarrjlUSo_ eIocIed rnont>ers of tho CoYnciI shalf consist of tho 
following officers 01 tho ASUCSD: 

a) President 
b) Vat President: Ad"*istrative 
c) Vic. PrtIIder1t: ExtomaJ Affais 
d) Va f'rIoidont: FItIIIlCiaf 
a) CO,,"IIisaioi. of Ptillic Relations 
f) COiI.liaioi .. of Cornm..rIicdons 
g) COilillisaioi .... of Progr.."".;ng 
h) ~ 01 AcaderTIc Allairs 
Q Corrmissioo.. of OpetafionslServices nI Entarprisas 
2. CoItge Serlalrn 

0) Sophmoro. Juniof. and Sri>< ~om NCh coIege. 
b) Er_~om.achcoftogt. 

3. Ex.QMclo Merrber1 01 tho CounclI 

a) MImi Representative 
b) Graduate StucIonl Aopreeerrtative 
c) _ative Representative 
d) ASUCSO Student AdwlcaIe 
.) ASUCSD FrnanciaJ Controller 

~ ASUCSO Lollby _ OiectOf 
g) ASUCSO Judiciaf Board Chairperson 
h) UCSD StudenI Alftrrnallve Action CouncI Aep-esencatiYe 
i) UCSD Sh.dent Body President CouncI Representative 
j) chairperson of the UrlvOlSl!y Center Boartf 

ARTICLE III: OFFICERS OF THE ASUCSO 

Seclior1 a: Legisfativ. 

DELETE: 
6. ResponsibiitHIs ofCorrrnissioner~ UriYersllyCenler 
Board 

a) Shal serve as !he chailJ)llScn of the University Center BoanJ. 
also known as !he Student Cent" Board. 
b) SIIaJt bo an .. .officio finance convr/ttee ..mor. 
c) ShallIlJbmt Ie cooocif tho UriYersity ~tr budget by the Ild1 
_ of tie spring quart. pursuanllo tho SIIJdent Center Board 
Charter. By-laws and policies. 
d) Uust have one -r-~ wide experIerICII as an elected of· 
fIda/ of thoASUCSD Of as. _ of thoSUdortConter BoanJ. 

Section G: Ex-Onicio I.Ierrbers 

ADD: 
8. Chalrper!on of the University Center 80anl (UCa) 
a) ShaI be !he Chairperscn 01 tho UCB. 
b) SIIaI be _ by both grar1ra1e and lRIergraOJate stu-
dents in tie UCSD general tItcIions as 0IIIined in the uca 
Chart • . 
cj ShaI adVIse the CouncI on UCB activities ard make repo<t:s 
as outfinod In !he UCB CIrInor. 
d) ShaI SIbrit 10 cooocif tho UniYersi!y CtrC .. 80anl bucJget by 
Ihe 8th _ of ~ quar1er pursuant to tho University CenIer 
Board ChWr aytaws and Policies. 

Y.. .... ___ Mo OpInIon __ 

61 CONSTIMIOtW, AMENDMENT ARTICLE 1II000ICE RSOf 
THE ASUCSQ & ARTICLE IV JUDICIARY REFERENDA QIJES-
lION 

The CImf1t ASUCSD CoostitUion reads: 

ARTICLE III: OFFICERS Of THE ASUCSO 

SICIIcn G: Ex<lfficlo Merrber1 

7. ASUCSO J\.dciaJ BoanJ ChU 

a) $hoi bo ~ by tho PrMidenI and IUbjIct to 213 coun-
cillI'Il"MlI. 
bj SIIIl held !hi ASUCSO Judicial BoanI, COOIIIIndng bI-

~",... 
c) The.ldcialBoard shalgivt~"""'dlllc;cn. 
ductofthoASUCSDofbra.in linowillthostip.ialonsoeldown 
in ...a.drIg pIOCIdInI by !hi ASUCSD. 
d) Thec:hlirshal make rrwrdo1ory NpOrtI-rofler ICIdtmIc 
... 10 .. eotroI en Ihe rtsulls 01 ....... Iions. and en 
any ofIer rtItvant buIir.a _ with by ... ASUCSD. 
,) Shalm rr ~ wit> tie Stuclont Advoc:aIt in bringing 
relevant ccncerna 01 tho ASUCSD to tho at1IflIion of COIRiI. 

ARTICLE IV: JUDICIARY 

Section A: ~ 
1. The Judiciaf Bowd 01 the ASUCSO shaf1 bo vesIed with the 
JudicialIIIIfIoriIy of .... ASUCSO. 

2. The Judicial Board IlAhority shalf .. lend 10 aI..\dciaf cases 
IIIsing under this conatituIon, ill by.1aws, oIIc:iII actcna of 
ASUCSO officers and ~ and any ofIer mailers del&-
gated 10 the commiltee by Ihe ASUCSD CoIn:l 

S«ticnB:Mtrrbership 

1. The Judicial Board shall consist of cot (I) r~ 
lIflPOInted by each college and confirmod by !he ASUCSO 
Co\rlcU. 

2. The p!MidenI 01 the ASUCSO shalf appoint .. chairperson. 
subject 10 213 IAXOVaf by CMCl 
3. In the _I thai IlII1Uf1tIer 01 ropr_ appotnJ«l by 
NCh college. ff1C! the ~ shalf in IoCII equaf an IYt<l 
11III1rer.1ht ASUCSD President shallIfIPoInt anor.r merrbtt 
to mainIain an odd I1III1rer of ..mars en tie boord. 

1. Members d Iht ASUCSO Judicial Bwd shaI_ a term of 
cot (1) 'fNI upon """*>don ~om tho Iimt d ~ 
5. In Ihe t'IIIlC oil YIICWlCy on !hi JudiclalIIoard, ... r.-r 
IaIM coIogo c:aunciI of I10t -1IOIi*In IhaIf IqIOInII _ 
rntrrDtr wtil_ (12) IICtdori: days. F .... wi r .... rr 
the "'ttIdtrc of .. ASUCSO IppOInIng _ . 

6. 1n III t'IIIlC ..... -.:y "llIofIIar o/"chIirpnon IhIf1 
OCCIK ..... ASUCSO PrtIidentshalllflPolnt l~witIIn 

_ days (1 2) of knowftdge 01 !he vacancy. 
7. MtrTilorship en tho ASUCSD.IJdiclaf Boan:! shaI prectudt .... 
stI'Ii1g rr Illy _ oI1k:iaI or 0fT1)I0ymen1 capacity within tho 
ASUCSD. 

Section C: BtMrs 01 Proceduro 

t. The ASUCSD Judicial Bead wilt meet bknont1Ify al regullwty 
acheduled wei pubficIzed limos. unless tho boird Is called to order 
by any one of tho AS UCS D of1icers authorized in this consti1uticn 
with tho aulhority 10 do so. 

2. The ptCCtdlraf guIdt inti 01 tho Judicial 80anl wi bo ,_ 
In confomity wifh tho JucicIar)' aufhorIty and proc:e<iJres c/Ianer. 
S«tion D: Funclion and Powers 

I . The ASUCSD Judicial Board shaff h.roction as!ht modiaIiIg body 
01 at1y and al ccnfIicIS arisirg ~om .. actions Of pofIcits of tho 
ASUCSD c:.ur.cH Of Associaled StulenIS. 

2. The Judicial Boan:t shall.trcise tho primary JudIcial power of tho 
Asscc:iaIion p1ting such ;.dciaf ralief as perniQed by tis ccnstituIon 
and the by-laws 01 tho ASUCSO. 

3. The Cou1CI shaff InvesIigatll. In conjulction with tht Student M-
vocate. charges of violation! 01 this constitutJcn and all of !he regu-
lations of !lit association. 

1. TheJ\.dicta! Board shaI havolheJlO"' 10 ...... adv~ opinions 
upon"questIons of propoMd or _ legislation of tho associa· 
tion which is rais«l by petition 01 any rnerrIrer 01 tho association. 

5. The .NdIc1al 80acI shaJf serve as the interplt1er of the A.S. 
CcnstihJficn and its by-law .. and rule on ItHt c:cns1ituIionaf of 
eoonci ar:m. 
6. The Jt.diciaJ Boad shalf _serve as the evafuativo boord 01 any 
saJary/monttary aJIocations paid In part Of in full 10 I1IIIfOOo<s 01 !he 
ASUCSD courdl Of its sOOordinale bodies. 

7. The J\.dicta! Board wilm as an appeals panel in rendering de-
cisions involvirG the ASUCSD Elections Board. 

Section E: FrnaIity 

I . AJf decisions 01 the ASUCSO Jucfrcial Board wi be final unItss 
rovitwed by !ht boird rtseIf. 

Section F: Removal from 0ffIca 

I. My _oflhe Judicial Board may bo romoved homolfict for 
laill>"a 10 per10rm _ <My. 

2. Charges maybo bloughtby any five (5) ASUCSDelectiveofficers. 
3. ln open session betOfOthe ASUCSD CounciI. 1he ao.:used board 
IT10fTiler shalt be given al rue prcx;ess rights and an equal opportu. 
rity 10dofeRj -.... allll irrjrartiaI hearing conducted in 1ICCOf· 
dance willi minIrnaJ due process reqUrements set forth " UC 
policies and UCSD carIl'US regufations. Removaf ~om offi:e shaI 
require a Jwo.fhirds (213) voto of Iha entire cotJ1CII. 
4. Merrbers 01 !lit Judicial Board shalt autornalicaJly be removed 
from office for falhrre to anerd any IIY .. (3) regular meetings rr one 
quarter. 

Should tho ASUCSD amend the ASUCSO Constitution. Aricle III & 
IV 10 read: 

ARTICLE III: OfFICERS OF THE ASUCSD 

Section G: Ex.Qf!C1o Membor1 

7. ASUCSO JucicjaJ Bean! Char 

a) Shall bo appo;rned by the President and sOOject 10 213 councif ap-
proval. 
b) ShaH head IheASUCSD Juclcial Board. coordi1ating tho Board"s 
moeIJngs. 
c) Shall informtho ASUCSOCou1Clonany relovent judJcIaf matlers. 

ARTICLE IV: JUDICIARV 

Section A: Authority 

t. The Judicial 8oart1 01 the ASUCSO shaI bo vosIed with the 
JudicIaIIlo"1".onty of Ihe ASUCSO. The Judicial Board Is a heamg 
body and not an investigaIive body. 

2. The Judicial 80acI aufhorIty shaf1 oxtend to aI Judicial cases 
arising under tis c:onstitl6ln, its by-laws. official actilns 01 tho 
ASUCSD COIIICif andIoI its ofIcers. 

3. The Judicial Boad rim. an IIlPtaIs panel In rordering de-
cisions InvoIvi1g tho ASIJCSD ElectIons Board. 

4. AJf decisions of tho ASUCSD Jt.diciaJ Board shaI be finaf t.ritSI 
rovitwed by tie board i1BtIf. 

Section B: t.Itnttrohi!> 
I . The prtlfdlrj 0/ tho ASUCSO shaff appoint .... choIrperson. 
sOOjecIlo 213 lAX"". by cotn:it. 
2. The JucIciaI Boad shaI ccnaIst of ant (1) ropr..ullve ap-
pcin1td by NCh college and cor6mtd by the ASUCSD Co<n::I. 

3. Members d tie ASUCSD Judicial 801ft! shaII_ a IIIrm 01 ont 
( I) )'W from ... Iimt 0I1hoir confrmaticn of appoIntmtnt. 
4. In Ihe ovtnI of I vacancy on tho Judicial Board. the """_ 
tive coItgt CCI.f1Cif of ... vacant position shallj)pOInI I _ 
rntrrDtr wiIIin len (10) acadonic days. F ....... rooutt rr III 
I'IesicJtr( 01 !ht ASUCSO appoinilg I merrIler from thai college 
LOjICIIe • two fhids (213) ASUCSD CoYnciIlAXovai. 
5. rrthe _1hoI. YIICWlCy in .. ofIice of the chaiperscn shaI 
ocxur • tho ASUCSD PmidtnI shalf appoinl a rtpIectrntnI wiIhin len 
(10) acadonic doys 01 knowftdge of tho ,-.caney. 
8. MerTtership en tho ASUCSD JucIciaI 8oart1 shalt p!1dudt tho 
sorving In any .... capacity en the ASUCSD Cotrd or lis Slbor· 
dinaIo bodies. 

Section C: Rules of Proc«lor. 

1. The ~IDI guIdt Ines of tho Judicial Board wia bo Idlowed 
rr c:onfonnity witIltho Judiciaf 80acI chartIIr. 

2. _Is to the JudicIal Board Charter """' be submitted by 
tho JudidaI Boad Chairperson to Ihe ASUCSD CounclI rfCllJlnrlj 21 
3rds COII1CiI awovai. 

Section D: Removal ~om 0ffIc. 

1. AIry merrIlerof !he Judicial Boan:tmaybo romoved ~omollice for 
faiuelo pttIorm hIshrtr dAIoy. 

2. Chllges may be broug/ll by any five (5) ASUCSD efected ofIic8rs. 
3. In open ....., boIar'lM ASUCSO CoYnciI.tho lCCUItd boanJ 
rno<mer _ be giverI III .... procou righII and ., equal ~ 
nil) lOdtIend I*!w!IerIIf II en Ir11*Itf htlling ~ in axor· 
da1Ct .............. procMI r....,.. ttl 10rth in UC 
pofidta and UCSO Ci\ITlIUI rogliIlIonI. AtrnovaI fr()m oII1c. IIIaI 
rtqlirt I two-l1iIJs (213) .... d tho ...... cotn:it. 

Y.. .... ___ _ 



8 

AS PRESIDENT 

Chris HADDOCK 
The A.S. Council will be able to improve 
student life with: a c()-Qpsurf and volley-
ball shop, campus radio expanded 
throughout the campus, a decrease in 
the New Indicator's 14,504 dollar stack 
of unread newsprint, and an increase of 
prominate speakers. I say the A.S. Coun-
cil and not the AS. president, because it 
will require a united Council to imple-
ment these programs. 

It will also rquire a united Council to 
battle the administration on such issues 
as: the sudden change to have the 570 
RlMAC fee not covered by scholarship 
money, the Co-<>ps, the faculty renting 
space in the student funded Price Cen-
ter. The A.S. Council must not suffer 
from the fractioned personali ties of this 
year. It needs unity, direction, and the 
backing of the students. I ask for a hand 
in support. Chris Haddock. 

V .. ness HARRIS 
Unity, in terms of the UCSD student 
population, entails formulating a collec-
tive social atmosphere among all stu-
dents. My nameis Vanness Harris and I 
am the Rl.G.H. T. choice for President. A 
president must address the issues con-
cerning all students. It takes the will and 
determination as a candidate such as me 
to have a satisfy student needs. I am 
qualified for such a prestigous position, 
based upon my experience and dedica-
tion, to handle the position of president 
. A person professing to favor freedom of 
choice, speech as well as a good social 
environment, but denouces hardship, 
knows no value. I know what struggle 
means, and as President, I will struggle 
to create an atmosphere conducive to 
student growth! U.C.S.D. students, do 
the Rl.G.H.T. thing. 

UuFLAIG 
Why am I running for President? My 
name is Lisa Flaig and I am running for 
President because after having served 
on Warren College Student Council ('87-
'90), AS Council. chairing a variety of 
programs and sitting on many task forces 
and committees over the past four years, 
I feel that I have the experi,mce to know 
what the President is capable of accom-
plishing and how far past those limits I 
will go. 

I Will mcrease the availability of infor-
mation to ASUCSD abou t not only the 
AS Council, but all of UCSD on such key 
issues as Parking. R1MAC, Campus Plan-
ning Committee, and fee increases by 
first playmg a greater role in those areas 
and s<..>cond, by publishing an AS news-
letkr, publicizing the weck'sagenda and 
finanual repor in the AS Bulletin, and 
Increased communicatIon With the cam-
pus media 

I am runnIng with thr<:c other people 
on a slate called CORE. symbohzIng a 
foundation upon whICh" better student 
~overnment will be built. Most of dlllti!. 
Important for students to get Involved -
so,getoutand vote-and if you hke what 
I have got to say Vote President - Ulia 
Ralg! 

The UCSD Guardian / A.S. ELECTIONS ADVERTISING SECTION 

John EDSON 
While students have squabbled over 
how to spend their entertainment 
money, some of the most important 
s tudent issu es have been totally ig-
nored. This administration plans to raise 
your parking fees 115% over the next 
four years as well as an added $210 in 
your tuition fees. Over 516 million dol-
lars ofthcse parking fee increases are to 
be spent on things that do not relate to 
parking. 

Yet better than just jousting at wi nd-
mills, I am ready to negotiate with 
administration their removal from stu-
dent fees using: a command of the facts, 
alternative funding proposals, and ref-
erenda questions on both issues that I 
have placed on the Spring Ballot. 

After working on AS for the past two 
years I will have a s tudent banking 
system with a debit system that will 
allow you to pay electonically for al-
most everything on campus by Spring 
1991. I will also have available courses 
offering Academic Credit for Volun-
teer Work, new volunteer programs for 
low income children in Tijuana and 
San Diego. Expanding KSDT broad-
casting campus-wide by Winter 1991 , 
new services for disabled students, 
expanded counseling services in the 
Women's Resource Center, greater 
student input on on-campus building 
committees, a student appeals court to 
give students greater autonomy by al-
[owing them to challenge administra-
tive decisions, nearly S83,OOO over last 
year's budget for more diverse, quality 
programming, and much more. With 
your vote I'm confident changes will 
occur on this campus tha t will last for 
year's to come. 

Larry BECKER 
The A.S. exists to represent student 
interests on our campus. If it fails to 
address issues such as tuition and fees, 
campus growth, and parking availabil-
ity, it has failec! in its primary objective. 
The A.S. can deliverdividends on those 
issues, but only if it has leadership 
which is willing to commit itself from 
Da y One to addressing those issues 
and leadership which is willing to do 
anything and everything to accomplish 
the task. Larry Becker as A.S. President 
means leadership which is strong, di-
rected, a little controversial, and al-
ways committed toone goal- pursuing 
YOur in terests. 

Walter R. BmS 
AS President - New thinking and new 
Ideas need to be brought into A.5. gov-
ernment. Thinkingand ideas reflecting 
the interests of all students, not just the 
A.S. oligarChy. 

Student Interaction With the work-
Ing~ of government I> of extreme Im-
portance to me, ~o I am a firm belIever 
In Student-Run orgamzahom. and 111-
put. Below I~ a porti"l I"t vf goal. I 
hupt! to accomplish a~ President 

- Student Co-op Autonomy 
-Student group ~poll~ored TG', 
-An Increase in the number of 

social events 

- Mandatory free speech area 
- Increase in Cultural events 

VICE PRESIDENT 
ADMINISTRAnVE 

Mike HOLMES 
A.5. does no t need to be a family or a 
nice group of people who are afraid of 
talking about real issues on our cam-
pus. ThiS seems to have been the ideol-
ogy of the past. What UCSD needs is a 
working A.S. - not necessarily friends 
but colleagues who are willing to work 
together to get tangible collective re-
sults. Why ca n't we name one large 
collective achievement that the A.S. has 
done this year? There aren't any. What 
happened to concerns about parking, 
tuition, and the grouth of the campus? 
They were left in the ha ndsof a few and 
didn't get done. The CORE slate 
strongly believes in a collective coop-
eration that would create an efficient 
and progressive A.S. As V.P. Adminis-
trativeI will bring this aspect to A.S. by 
working with members behi nd the 
scenes and making meaningful and 
reliable student appointments to cam-
pus wide committees. These commit-
tees are essential in achieving student 
goals and voicing student concerns but 
have been dealt with poorly in past 
years when they should have been one 
of the top priorities of the V.P. Admin-
istrative. As Media Board and Media 
Committee Chair this year,l have pro-
vided committed and effective leader-
ship. Vote CORE to vote for stabili ty. 
Vote Mike Holmes to deal efficiently 
with A.S. Council and effectively with 
issues concerni ng student life on our 
campus. 

J ...... REINER 
The primary role of the Vice President 
Administrative is to run A.S. Meetings, 
appoint students to campus-w ide 
committees, and run Rules committee 
meetings. All th ree of these tasks, re-
quire prior experience to ensure coun-
cilrunssmoothly.1 have that necessary 
experience. This past year I served on 
A.5. Council as Revelle Junior Senator, 
served on Revelle College Council, 
helped create the A.S. Book Exchange, 
and was a member of A.5. Finance 
Committee. I have the desi re and abil-
ity to effectively run A.S. Council. 

If elected, my highest priority is to 
appoint qualified individuals to cam-
pus-wide positions while implement-
ing communication betwee n these 
appointments and council, something 
which has not been done in the past. 1 
envision an appointment process which 
brings about results (or the students 
and not just resume fille r ior the ap-
pointees.lnaddition, I will see that A.S. 
Meetings are run professionally with a 
high degree of i!fficiency. I will also 
work toward solving campus parking 
problems and growth related issues. 
Finally, I would like to form a commit-
tee to look into finding an alternative 24 
hour study site to replace the current 
Oasis Annex which is slated to be torn 
down next year. I urge you to vote in 
the A.S. Council elections. I am firmly 
comm itted to using my experience 
along with new ideas to give us stu-
dents a voice in the future of UCSD. 

Ruben DURAN 
The R.l .G.H.T. Choice for Vice Presi-
dent Admllli,trative, because Experi-
ence Matters It takes a person With 
know-how and guts to do the job right. 
During my ""cond year as an AS Sena-
torI wa, el('Cted PrL'Sldent Pro-Tempre 
of the Council As ProTem I assumed 
th" poSitIOn oj v.r Administrative in 
hb abliCncc and chaI red the AS Person-

I nel Committee. It also takes patience 

and insight. The AS Council Chambers 
can often get unruly and heated. Elect 
a person who can handle the job, and 
do it with style and confidence. Thank 
you,andbestofluck tomyopponenets . 

VICE PRESIDENT 
EXTERNAL AFFAIRS 

Agustin OROZCO 
It is my belief that as a student of the 
University of California it is im perative 
that we be aware of all the student 
related issues tha t affect us. Such re-
sponsibilities are entailed in the posi-
tion of Vice President External. For 
example if proposition 111 does not 
passstudentfees will go upa t a consid-
erate rate. However, not a lot of stu-
dents at UCSD even know that such a 
bill exists. Environmental issues are also 
of importance to the students, which 
includes the continuing absence of 
g reenery on campus and the issue of re-
cycling. We the students must voice 
Our opinions in order to be able to make 
a difference not only for ourselves but 
also for fu ture UCSD students. 

Molly McKAY 
WE NEED ACTION IN THE AS! We 
must LOWER: Student Parking. Stu-
dent Tuition, and Bookstore Prices! We 
must INCREASE: Student Participation 
and Communication on campus, the 
Women's Resource Center funding and 
services, Minority Enrollment through 
better Outreach Programs, Funding for 
high quality TG's, recycling on cam-
pus, and STUOENl UNITY! UNITED 
WE STAND, DIVIDED WE FALL! Di-
versity is important and we should do 
all w e cannot b roaden our horizons 
BlIT we must realize that we all stand 
on common ground as students. We 
need to pool our reSOurces and work 
together to FIGHT FOR OUR RIGHTS! 
As VP External I will STAND STRONG 
and research all avenues of action to be 
sure tha t YOUR needs are met. I have 
two years of AS related experience, 
Elect someone who knows the ropes 
and can go into office at a running pace, 
ready with concrete plans on how to be 
most effective. 

VICE PRESIDENT 
FINANCE 

~MAK.KREEL 
The RLG.H.T. choice for Vice Presi-
dent of Finance. My main goa l as Vice 
President of Finance is to increase the 
access tofinancial support available (or 
student activities. The financial proc-
ess can be intimidating when one does 
not fully understand what is required, 
I would reduce this intimidation SO 
that sutdents no longer perc"ive the fi -
nancial prO\."ess as a bureaucratic mon-
ster, but rather a~ a Simple set of ~ tcps 
that anyone ca n fo llow.! pia n to form u-
late a pamphlet listing all the financial 
resources availabl • to student orgalll-
za lions, as well a~ expld ining each ~tcp 
of the fmancial proces>. 

Monday, April 9, 1990 

I feel that the position of Vice Presi-
dent of Finance does not encompass 
merely tabulating numbers, but it also 
involves the ability to communicate with 
others. As Vice President of Fi nance I 
will keep the doors of communication 
open, listening to your concerns and 
suggestions in order to create a more 
effective financial p rogram. 

Ser&Io UNQARICA 
At this moment I feel that I am the most 
qualified candidate for the Vice Presi-
dent Financial position. Currently I am 
the Financial Controller of the A.S. 
U.C.S. D. This position has made me 
fa miliar wi th the A.S. financial process 
and the budgeting that it entails, as well 
as sitting on the Fmancial Board, Cul-
tura l Board, and the Student Organiza-
tion Finance Board. My goals for the 
following year are to encourage fund 
raising among the student organiza-
tions. l also intend to seek commercial 
sponsorship for the new RlMAC facil-
ity to keep student fees from rising by 
$210. By 1993-94 student parking fees 
will have increased 115%. I want to 
keep this fee as low as possible. Fund-
ing to establish KSDT is also one of my 
goals. If elected my intention is to 
manage the students $13.50 fee to the 
best of my abili ty as well as attending to 
all of your financial needs. 

AnI DEUKMEDJIAN 
I realize that getting to know a candi-
date in such a short time is the mosl 
d ifficult part in casting a meaningful 
vote. I would like to take this time tc 
better inform you of my objectives and 
qualifications as a candidate for A S , 
Vice President Finance. 

My objectives are not only straight 
forward, butsimple. Maintaininga high 
level o f efficiency in Financial Affairs 
through productive Finance meetings, 
top-notch a ppointments, and open 
channels of communication between 
constituent components of the A.S. 
Council body. Also, publicizing infor-
mation with respect to A.5. Council 
Financial proceedings in newsletters, 
all campus media, and A.S. Bulletin. 
There is a need for organized, quar-
terly, fundraising workshops designed 
to provide ideas for alternative means 
of funding to student groups, in addi-
tion to a need to generate council sup-
port for increasingly diverse program-
ming. 

My personal qualifications, I am sure 
you wi ll find substantial to accomplish 
these objectives. As chairman of the 
A.S. Cultural Programming Board I 
have worked with the various student 
groups and together we have provided 
the campus with a diverse variety of 
programs. AsThird CollegeSophomorc 
Senator I worked hand m hand with the 
Financial Directortoco-authortheThird 
Council FinanCIal Bylaw. I have also 
""rvro on the A.5. Finance Committee 
to advise council on Fmancial matt2rs. 
Presently, I am the co-founder of the 

CDNTINWD ON I'AGII • 

Thursday, April 5, 1990 

DEUKMIDJIAN 
CONTINUED PIIOM .. AGE • 
ArmenianStudentOrganization as well 
as its treasurer. Variousotherqualifica-
tions include the following: Third Col-
lege Resident Hall Council and Stu-
dent Organiza tion Finance Board. 

As you ca n sec, I have the experience, 
the dedica tion, and theJ:Q&f of a dy-
namic V.P. Finance!! 

ACADEMIC AFFAIRS 
COMMISSIONER 

~.MOSLEY 
TheR I.G.H.T. choiceforComrnissioner 
of Academic Affairs. As Academic 
Affairs Commissioner, I will increase 
communication between the admini-
stration and students; assist in imple-
menting an Ethnic Studies department; 
increase student awareness of campus 
curriculum changes; and increase stu-
dent a wareness of Academic Senate 
decisions. 

As a student who has been actively 
involved on the campus, I am cogn.-
zant of the concerns of students. I am 
extremely action oriented, and I am 
confident that I can make a positive 
contribution representing the academic 
needs of students at UC San Diego. 

COM.UNICATIONS 
COM.ISSIONER 

..... CORRAL 
As a second year student from Third 
College, I have been involved in vari-
ousactivities that have qualified me far 
this position. I served as Third College 
Representative to the Media Board for 
the 1988-89 year, A.S. Freshman Sena-
tor and several other committees. This 
yeilr I was appointed as A.5. Presiden-
tial Representative to the Media Com-
mittee as well as the A.S. Bookstore 
Advisory Committee. It has been 
through these committees that I have 
acqllired the leadershi p that qualifys 
me for this position. Working under 
the current Communications Commis-
sioner, Mike Holmes, I have witnessed 
the changes that have taken place this 
year and f intent to maintian the changes 
that started this year. 

PUBLIC RELATIONS 
COM ... IOND 

DavId FLORIN 
In theory the Public Relations Commis-
sioner maximizes student awareness 
of campus events and organizations, 
yet the reality is that awareness is poor. 
I strongly believe that participation in 
student g roups and events lead s to a 
heightened sense of campus commu-
n ity . Ex tensive acknowledgment 
through ad vertising, o f the existence of 
our diverse organization artd events is 
the key to fighting the general s tudent 
apathy caused by a d eath of informa-
tion. I will strive to make myself as ac-
cessible to student o rga niza tions and 
individua l students as possible. Fur-
thermore, I will work to inerea the 
spaccallocated to even ts in campus pe-
nodicals. Vote B.E.S.T.!!! 

The UCSD Guardian / A.S. ELECTIONS ADVERTISING SECTION 

PUBUC RELATIONS 
COMMISSIONER 

~eMAURER 
H i my name George Maurer. I am 
running for Commissioner of Public 
Relations. I believe tha t the kev ele-
ments in effective Public Relations are 
lis tening. infonning, and advertising. 
Listening. this is the most crucial step 
to successful Public Relations. Inform-
ing, this means that UCSD students 
will be informed or actions and activi-
ties. Advertising. stunning and effec-
tive posters are the key in informing 
students of activities. "My goal is to 
create publici ty that will motivate, 
energize, and expand the awareness of 
clubs and organizations at UCSD." 

PROaRAM ..... 
COMMISSIONER 

Matthew SCHNURER 
Hello. I am running for A.S. Commis-
sionerofProgramrning. My experience 
includes one year asA.S. Commissioner 
of Programming for the 1989-90 term, 
one year as KSDT Radio's Co-op and 
Enterprises Representative, two years 
at Assorted Vinyl, four years as a pn>-
duction ass istant/sound technician 
with University Events and Student 
ActIvities, and flve years at KSDTRadio 
as a Disc Jockey. 

If elected, I will continue the quality 
and variety of ASUCSD Programming 
Events. This would include: PubShow-
cases of local and major label acts, 
ComedyNights,Lectures, IntemationaJ 
Music Events, the Reggae Festival, 
Music Festival, the A.S. FifmSeries with 
feature films and cult classics, dances, 
concerts, and TGIF's with major label 
acts. Thank you! 

Music, movies, lectures, T.G.'s, festi-
vals, and pub s hows, the programming 
commissioner has a budget of nearly 
$100,000 with which he/she can make 
the.se events happen and therebyeradi-
cate the 'dead' reputation of U.C.S.D.'s 
campus life. Progress demands quality 
events. Quality as defined, not by any 
one individual, but rather by the stu-
dents. It is time that the programming 
commissioner incorporates those indi-
viduals and groups that have an inter-
est in programrmng into the deci5ion 
making process. As programmmgcom-
missioner, I would make the program-

min~ committee into a real deicision 
makmg body. I would also be inter-
ested in workin!! with any group that 
wants to participate. What we need 
now is a coordinated effort. 

COMMISSIONER OF 
OPERATIONS, SERVICES 
.. ENTERPRISES 

Cr .. SNIIDERMAN 
Last year you, the students (actually 
justthe Warren students),elected me to 
serve as the A.S. Warren Sophomore 
Senator. Since then I have been attend-
ing the weekly A.S. meetings, the 
weekly Warren COllege Student Coun-
cil meetings, and many other meetings 
and events; basically I have acquired a 
year's worth of experience dealing with 
our school's politics. In add ition, dur-
ing the past year I have been working at 
U.S. Grants, which just happens to be 
one ofourenterprises, Thus,lalso have 
a year's experience dealing with the 
school's operations. Hert" s my point: I 
know this job inside and out, and I am 
offering my knowledge and experience 
to you, me, us, the s tudents of UCSD. 
Vote Craig Sneiderman for Commis-
sioner of Operations, Services &: 
Enterprises. 

LIbei III. A. 'lRAJANO 
Hello my name is Libertine A. Trajano 
(Liberty) and I am running for the p0-
sition of Commissioner of Operations, 
Services and Enterprises. With the 
experience of serving as APSA Vice-
Chairperson a.nd other student organi-
zations involvement, I believe I have 
the qualifications and potential to serve 
you, the students of UCSD, in this of-
fice. Goals for this year are to have a 
stronger voice for the student on A.S . 
Council; to improve student safety; to 
fortify ties between student orgs and 
the A.S., and campus environmental 
concerns. We the students have the 
voice to shape our college experience. 
Vote "Uberty" and vote "VOICE" . . . U 
you want someone to work for you!!! 

UNIVERSIrY CEHIER 
_ARD COMM .. IONER 

NlckL0N8 
The Price Center has now been open for 
a year and the Student Center renova-
tion iscompIete. Whi\e the final touches 
are put on these facilties, we must tum 
our attentions to the issues that have 
recently rome up. The chair of the Uni-
versity Center Board is not a voting 
member of the board, but the chair's 
biggest responsibility is to make sure 
that students have the opportunity to 
come to the board and express their 
views. The s tudents at UCSD are pay-
ing a large amount of money for our 
University Centers and the students 
should have as much inr.ut on the fa-
cilities as possible. While the board 
makes the decisions, the chair must 
present those issues so that those im-
portant decisions can be made. 

FIFTH JUNIOR SENATOR 

PMIWILCOX 
After two years of involvement in Fifth 
College, through Residence Life and 
Fifth College Council, I've gained a 
greater understanding of student needs 
and college issues. It is imperative to 
bring these needs and issues to the 
a ttent ion of the A.S. and the 
ad ministration in order to promote 
g reate r cooperatio n a nd 
communication among the 5 colleges 
th rough A .S. This is especially 
importan t for us at 5th college and it's 
message into the un iversity 
community. If elected, I will ensure tha t 
the voice of Fifth College ~ be heard. 

FIFTH SOPHOMORE 
SINATOR 

SuzyLANE 
"Ask not what (Fifth College)cando for 
you-ask what you can do fo r (Fifth 
College)." JFK. This past year as 
Freshman Senator, I have been 
working to enhance the college 
experience of every student. As 
Sophomore Senator my goals are a 
Fifth College yearbook, forums, and 
enlarged participation. A Fifth College 
yearbook would set tradition while 
providing s tudents with many 
memories. Next, monthly forums 
would increase interaction between 
elected representatives and the student 
body. Lastly, increased participation 
in campus-wide government, 
community interaction, and Fifth 
College organizations will educate the 
campus and community of the 
international atmosphere of Fifth 
College. My commitment, dedication, 
and leadership experience best enables 
me to continue serving Fifth College as 
well as the entire s tudent body as 
Sophomore Senator. 

..... JlMDEZ 
If elected as your Fifth College 
sophomore senator, I WILL act as an 
effective liaison between Fifth college 
council and AS. I will do more than just 
represent the Fifth College sophomores. 
I ~11 infonn the sophomore class of 
what is happening between council and 
A.S. in the form of a monthly newsletter 
and ask the sophomores to direct any 
comments o r complaints to me 
personally. Sophomores, YOur voices 
WILL be heard! This is a promise. Also 
because of my ethnic background, I will 
be able to provid e a d iffere nt 
perspective to council w hich bleoos to 
the international focus of Fifth College. 
If elected, I will represent the Fifth 
College sophomores and I w ill 
represent them well. My name is Jose 
and I am running for Fifth College 
sophomore senator. 

9 

MUIR SENIOR SENATOR 

Jim EDWARDS 
Hi, my name is Jim Edwards and I'm 
running fo r Muir Sr. Senator on the 
B.E.S.T. sl ate . B.E.S,T. stands for 
Building Empowerment of Students 
Together. We believe that in order to 
make changes that will really benefit 
students, we must empower many 
hundreds of students to participate in 
the political process here at UCSD. For 
example, in order to accomplish our 
goal of elimina ting nightime parking 
fees, we in the A.S. must organize and 
inspire students around this issue. As 
senator, I would try a varie ty of 
methods to increase the participation 
and awa reness o f Muir students abou t 
issues that will make our student lives 
more enjoyable. Make the BEST 
choice! 

Amy VANDERUNDEN 
My name is Am y Vanderlinden and 
I'm running for A.S. Senior Senator. I 
believe that I would be an excellent 
representative for Muir College. I 
know how the college works and what 
its' students want from the school. I've 
been the Muir Freshman Senator and a 
Residents' Council Representative. I 
am currently Muir College Council 
AppOintments and Evai uat ions 
Commissioner, a House Advisor and 
will be an Orientation Leader this 
summer. I have invested a lot of time 
into Muir and would like to represent 
the college as Senior Senator. Please 
vote. Thank you. 

MU. JUNIOR SENATOR 

....... TlMPUR 
As an involved, enthusiastic sopho-
more, I have the qualifications essential 
for making a good college senator, lam 
currently Muir College Council com-
missioner of Public relations and have 
actively taken a part in Muir college. I 
know what's going on and will do my 
bestto keep up Muir spirit. I'd also like 
to see more resident/commuter inter-
action. By working together, students 
can have an active voice. If elected , I 
plan to try to accomplish things such as 
an ethnic studies requirement, maki ng 
grade option changes later, supporting 
the co-ops, and more. Building em-
powerment fors tudents together! (Vote 
B.E.S,T.!!) 

CDNTINUID ON ... , "". 



10 

Joshua Gros!s 
MuirCollege students have much 10 be 
proud of. We have more lop-notch stu-
dents and staff and fewer requirements 
than the other colleges. We are more 
involved, we graduate more of our 
students more quickly, and we have 
long been the controlling voice in 
campus politics. This year shoud be no 
different. I offer experience as a com-
muter council member; hard work and 
leadership; and freedom from the slate 
Madness. Muir students have long 
been proud of their Independence. I 
offer the independence of not having 
political ties to Warren students. lfyou 
apprecia te Muir Quality and Muir In-
dependence vote for Joshua D. Gross 
for Muir Junior Senator. 

MUIR SOPHOMORE 
SENATOR 

GenIId S. JANOFF 
Dedication, commitment, and experi-
ence- these are the makings of an Asso-
ciated Students Senator. I,Jerry Janoff, 
know that I possess these important 
qualities for an important job. In the 
short two quarters that I have spent at 
UCSD, I have become involved in a 
plethora of activities, such as Muir 
College Council, Muir ResidenceCoun-
cil, Muir Residential Life Judicial Board, 
San Diego Public Affairs Committee, 
and the Union of Jewish Studen ts 
among others. My dedication and 
commitment to these activities never 
cease to end. With these qualities, I can 
be your voice in the AS Council. I share 
the concerns that many of us share on 
this campus - responsible planning of 
growth on campus, the parking situ-
ation, and quality campus activities 
programming. If anyone has an opin-
ion that they want expressed, I will 
always be happy to listen and put for-
ward his or her opinion in the AS 
Council. 

Su ... LEDWITH 
As a Muir student, I'm anxious to make 
a positive difference at Muir College 
and UCSD. I've alreddy begun to make 
Improvements whIch contribute to 
better living and learning at UCSD as 
your current Muir freshpersonsena lor. 
My efforts were shaped by your input 
which was obtained Ihrough personal 
interaction with you and through polls 
and surveys. I believe that as your 
representative I should initiate changes 
and programsforyourbenefit. I would 
like to continue focusing my efforts to 
serve you and MuirCollege. Vote Susan 
Ledwith for Muir Sophomore Senator. 

The UCSD GU/.Irdian / A.S. ELECTIONS ADVERTISING SECTION Monday, April 9, 1990 

REVELLE SENIOR SENATOR 

Jose ALTOVAR 
"Hi there", my name is Jose Altovarand 
I am running for Revelle Sr. Senator. 
I've worked and have been involved 
with many student and campus or-
ganizations on campus (j .e. Asian Pa-
cificStudent Alliance. Student Affirma-
tive Action Committee and I've been on 
the VCUA's 5 year planning commit-
tee). Due to my student experiences 
here (and being a Revelle student), I 
have worked through these campus 
and student orgs to make the UCSD-
Revellecollegeexperienceas "painless" 
and "enlightening" as possible. There 
are many ·pressing issues" here at 
UCSD such as registration fees, the co-
op issue and the Humanities require-
ment for Revelle. With my election to 
the position of Sr. Senator I wiU strive 
hard with words and with strong ac-
tions to make sure that all of UCSD's 
(especially Revelle s tudents) needs and 
concerns aremetand addressed. These 
are challenging and changing times: It 
is therefore time to choose a candidate 
who can stand tall and be outrageous 
enough to speak for students wants 
and concerns. 

AI .... DUMAS 
The position of college senator should 
be a valuable link between the Associ-
ated Students and the individual col-
leges. As RcveUe Senior Senator, I will 
represent both Revelle and the Univer-
sity as a whole. In doing so, I will keep 
Revelle informed of the acti vi ties of the 
A.S. and exactly what those actions 
mean to the student body. The inter-
ests and problems of Revelle Students 
are familiar to me after three years of 
dealing with them myself-both on and 
off campus. Yet, some of the most basic 
concerns get overlooked as the year 
passes. To get beyonj the tangents tha t 
are frequently pursued, and deal di-
rectly with the issues themselves is the 
only way solutions on any level will 
ever be reached. 

REVELLE SOPHOMORE 
SENATOR 

Jay LEVIN 
I believe the position of Revelle Sopho-
more Senator is going to prove cha 1-
lenging to whomever occupies it. The 
characteristics required to do a good 
complete job are honesty,organization, 
hard work, and a out going personal-
ity. Those are qualities live worked to 
perfect in myself since the start of my 
involvement with student Gov't. in the 
eighth grade, During that year I was 
president of myelass, from then I served 
as a Commissioner of finance, vice 
president, commissioner of public rela-
tions, and again as president. I'm very 
a.:tive at UCSD. My major is electrical 

engi neering with a political science 
minor. I'm anxious to show my abili-
ties to you serving in this capacity. 
Thank you. 

R .... I DOMINQUEZ 
As an active member of the Associated 
Students as Revelle Freshman Senator 
and that of the Revelle College Council 
I have broadened the scope of my lead-
ership abilities. The ways I have 
achieved greater leadership skills in-
clude the coordination of the A.S. on 
Tour Forums whose primary purpose 
were to inform students on issues such 
as RIMAC and Racial and Sexual Har-
assment. This foundation now allows 
me to pursue (or attack) other areas of 
interest, which I seem to share with the 
BEST (Building Empowerment of Stu-
dents Together) Slate, of which I am a 
member. I perceive genuine student 
interest in B.E.S.T. from night-time 
parking to sexual harassment, and I 
know that the B.E.S.T. slate is ready, 
willing and able to transformany prom-
isesinto action. I wish youall the B.E.S. T. 
of lUCk in the coming quarter and I, 
Rafael Dominguez,look forward to 
serving Revelle College and UCSD as a 
whole as the next Revelle Sophomore 
Senator. Rafael Dominguez the B.E.S.T. 
choice. 

THIRD SENIOR SENATOR 

VIctorIa WlWAMI 
Associated Student Council, Third Col-
lege Council, and the Third College 
Community is about to see some sig-
nificant changes. As Iiasion between 
AS Council and Third College Council, 
and Third College Council and Third 
College Students, I intend to improve 
communication both within and among 
such powerful bodies. I am prepared 
to accuratel y reflect the opinions, needs, 
and requests of my constituents in the 
councils as well as accurately reflect the 
decisions of council to the constituents. 
A vote for me, Vicki Williams, will be a 
vote for positive, active competency. It 
will be a step in the RIGHT direction. 

""n M. MALLOY 
Hello. My name is Darin M. Malloy, 
and I am running for the position of 
Third College Senior Senator on the 
B.E.S.T. sla te, which stands fo r Build-
ing Empowermen t of Stud ents To-
gether. As a representative of Third 
College, I will focus on issues which 
promote the empowerment of the ma-
jority of students, so that our AS truely 
serves our needs. Those issues will 
mclude an Ethnic Studies requirement 
for all UCSD students, continuing 
support of the Pro-Choice moveme.nt 
on our campus, and for Third, let us all 
support the nanung of our college after 
a noted leader that represents the phi-
losophy of Third; someone like Dr. 

Martin Luther King Jr. Over this past WARREN IENIOR SENATOR 
year, I have served as your Commis-
sioner of Academic Affairs on the AS 
council. I hope I can use this experience 
to serve Third college in the upcoming 
future. 

THIRD JUNIOR SENATOR 

AIdo8UDRA 
My name is Aldo Guerra I am running 
for Third College Junior Senator with 
the B.E.5.T.slate. BESfstandsforBuild-
ing Empowerment of Students To-
gether. We hope that through empow-
erment of all students we can do the 
best things for students. As Third Col-
lege Junior Senator I would be in an 
ideal position to encourage participa-
tion. Together we can erase problems 
which many times distract us from our 
Education for example parking fees, 
racial and sexual harrassment, and 
many other issues: Some of my experi-
ence has come through working with 
studentorganizations,suchasMECHA. 
I've also been involved with the Third 
College Leadership Board. 

AlldreS .. UY 
Hi, my name is Andre Shelly and I'm 
running forSoph. senator on the B.E.S.T. 
slate. B.E.S.T. stands for Building Em-
powerment of Students Together. I 
shall represent the interests of Third 
College, and it's community. Third 
College students like other students 
has a need, and I shall support their 
needs. I will be a good liaise" between 
Third College and A.5. Council. I will 
try a variety of methods to increase the 
participation and awareness of third 
students about issues that will make 
our students lives more enjoyable. I 
will work closely with the other sena-
tors and members of A.5. to make not 
only Third College a better life, but 
V.C.S.D. a better life for the students. 

Robert .... NN 
The Associa ted Students can only work 
for the students if the students are a ware 
ofwhatisgoingonandcontributeinput. 
Otherwise, it's the Associated Students 
working for the Associated Students, 
My name is Robert Glenn and I want to 
get the student body more involved in 
what goes on in our univer.>ity, and 
specifically with our elected represen-
tatives. With your help, I would at-
tempt to help the A.S. focus on issues 
which regard students. Issues such as 
financial aid, admissions policies, uni-
versity expansion, and educational 
concerns. 

TomWDWIG 
My name is Tom Ludwig and I am a 
senior ECE major. I have served War-
ren College in the past three years as an 
orientation leader, treasurer of WAG, 
co-chair of RDAC, and as V.P. External 
of Student Council. These experiences 
have given me ample preparation to be 
Warren Senior Senator. I intend to 
work diligently to insure that the qual-
ity of programming and services re-
mains high. Student interests on cam-
pus wide issues like the protection of 
the co-ops, campus growth. and park-
ing can be resolved by A.S, and other 
student groups working closely with 
the administration. 

WARREN JUNIOR SENATOR 

JeffWEIU 
My name isJeffWeeks and I'm running 
for the position of Warren Junior Sena-
tor. My qualifications include holding 
the positions of Financial Chair of the 
Inter-College Residence Hall Associa-
tion aCRHA), Warren Representative 
to ICRHA Executive Membe.r of War-
ren Apartment Govemment, as well as 
attending several leadership confer-
ences. I am also involved in on-<:ampus 
intramural sports, such as inner tube 
water polo and volleyball. One of my 
goala would be to increase the Warren 
students' influence in the AS by obtain-
ing as much individual student input 
as possible. 

WARREN SOPHOMORE 
SENATOR 

PMrIck DWYER 
My interest in becoming the Warren 
College Sophomore Senator is not only 
a personal one, bu t motivated by the 
fact that I would like to represent the 
needs and desires of Warren students 
to the Warren College Student Council 
and the larger body of the Associated 
Students. I was involved in my high 
school being co-president of my senior 
class, have P'lrticipated actively in the 
Warren Apa rtment Government, and 
was the WCSC representative to the 
Charity Ball . Please feel free to contact 
mewithanyquestions-apartment 2410. 
558-0961 

Monday, April 9, 1990 

VOTE 
Polls will be open at the 
following places and 
times. 

Tuesday, April 10 
10:00 am to 4:00 pm 

Revelle Plaza 
Muir MOM 
Peterson Hall 
Warren Apt. Commons 
Fifth Asst. Dean's Office 

Wednesday, April 11 
10:00 am to 4:00 pm 

Gym Steps 
Price Center Plaza 

Thursday, April 12 
10:00 am to 2:00 pm 

Gym Steps 
Price Center Plaza 

Bring valid I.D. card to vote 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 11 

Now's the best time to join the Guardian! 
Spring Quarter Internship Program Begins April 19 

-Have Fun 
-Learn Journalism 
-Build Your Resume 
-Meet People 

The internship meets Tuesdays and Thursdays at 7:00 p.m. in the Price Center's Davis/ 
Riverside room (right next to the pool room). The first meeting is Thursday, April 19 at 7:00 
p.m .. Just show up ready to learn and have a great time! Any questions? Leave a message for 
Seth or Dave at 534-6580. 

HSTOiiilY SALE 
20%-70'. OFF SUNGLASSES - T's • MOREl 

• SAVE. SAVE. SAVE 
ON VAURNET, GARGOYLE, 
SERENGETII & MOREl 

• so"!. OFF peFUTURE VISION 

• BUMPERZ RUBBER SUNGLASSES $6 (Reg. $18-$21) 
SIMPSONS T-SHIRTS JUST $12 

SAVE 20%-50% on surf & volley T-shirts, 
tanks and much, much more! 

--------------------I SAVE 300/.-50% ON UeSD I 
I T.SHIRTS. TANKS • SWEATS I I With coupon, Save 30% on hot new UCSD rs and tanks; I 

I 
I 

I 

/ , 
, " / 

I Save 50% on UCSD sweats. Expires 4/1 5/90. I 
I WiD ~f· t= lI-T' Regularpr1ce$1 .66 
I ~ T8(;'L'(; -y~& u. 5 I , This coupon valid only at: The CaJ'ifomia Attitude I I La. Jolla. Ben &e Jerry's · 4 160 Regents Park Row I I I I (near Anthony's) • 587-3680 I 
I LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE I I One coupon per customer. ~ 

8855 VILlA LA JOLlA DR. #401 • 535-0365 , Expires June 30, 1990. ~ L---------------_____ ~L ___ ~ ________________ ~ 
New! UCSD NATIONAL ISSUES FORUM 

The HP-48SX Scientific Expandable 
Calculator--HP's quantum leap into 
the 21st century. 

The HP-48SX can interface 
with any PC. 

r~~ HEWLETT ~~ PACKARD 
HP-48SX 

ONLY $267.75--

Check out our selection of peripherals 

I-F Infrared Pri nler RAM Cards 

~ ... ~ ~~ .. ", " HP Solve ~ Equation Library 
Application Cord 

Electronics Deportment 534-4320 

As CHIEf SPOKESMAN I fo r C hai rman Mik.hacl Gor · 
bachcv as well as Chief Press Seerc · 
tary for the U Sit Minist ry of 
Foreign Affairs, Mr. lcrasimovpos-
c::sscs a first ·h and working knowl- I 

edge:: of the Soviet government and 
society. His carcer in foreign reid ' ' 

tions spans more than thiny years 
as a journalist and government 
official, making him uruquclyquali -
tied to share his views on the state 
of U .S ';Soviet relations and [he 
wave of changes sweeping his na · 
[ion and Eastern EUT<?pe . 

APRIL 10· TUESDAY. 8PM. UCSD GYM 
G.A. $10.00· STUDENTS $5.00 
SENIOR CITIZENS $8.00 TICKIif ~ ~ST." 
UCSD BOX OFFICE • 534-4559 - • 



12 NEWS 

from the presidcnt. The president can't do that HADD 0 C K type of thing. He has to work logether with people 10 sell his ideas to the fraternities , and 
Coatinued from Pile 1 since I've already talked to them, I already 
Mosl of his position of power is going to be think that I could do this, and the co-ops would 
able to work wilh people 10 gel things done, 10 go for it. 
be able to talk 10 the IFC, talk to the admini- G: Are you suggesting that the A .S. hold 
stration, to find out what the truth is in the lhese events and give the money to organiza-
matter, the root of things, and how 10 come to lions that have been here less Ihan a year? 
a compromise. On issues whereacompromise CH: That's one of lhe Ihings, for a reason-
isn ' I possible, you have 10 find OUI and make a able organization Ihal jusl necds money 10 get 
decisiononewayoranolherandlhengoforit themselves going. Why take oul of lhe 

G: What do you feellhe major issues are on S6OO,OOO A.S. budget? 
this campus, and whal can the A.S. do aboul G: What other sorts of ideas do you have? 
them? CH: Lowering the book prices. You have a 

CH: The major issues on this campus are S50 textbook and you walk 10 the bookstore 
lack of college life, and IhecO-Op . On lack of and you wanllo tum il back in, and lhey say, 
college life, in orderlo gellhese students who "I'm sorry, wccan only givcyou $5." And the 
are sort of fractioned out togclher, what I leacher has not lurned lheir book list in -
propose is 10 let the larger organizations like until the teacher turns thai book lisl in, the 
RISC or IFC lake their energy and use the con- bookstore does not recognize that thaI book is 
tacts the A.S. has to throw events. The pro- for sale the next year. And there is a group of 
ceeds would go to 3 cause on campus, like the leachers who consistently are delinquent in 
co-ops which is a very important cause, or luming in their book list 
some of lhe smaller groups that are trying 10 G: So are you ready to speak to lhe facuhy, 
gel staned on campus. This is lhe way that I and put pressure on them? 
see, you can get the benefits of some of the CH: Right.ltwouldn 'tbe pressure, il would 
bigger groups 10 more or all the siudents and al be a very simple thing , you'd walk up 10 them, 
lhe same lime bring the studen ts together so and say ';Excuse me sir, have you lurned your 
lhal they can fight for other issues that are im- book lisl in?" and they answer, "No I haven' t." 
ponanl on this campus, when the adminislra- So you ask them. "can you tum il in?" 
lion has done things againsllhe sludents such G: Are you prepared 10 approach every 
as the co-ops. The co-ops are really important faculty member on this campus? 
because a student needs 10 have an option Ihat CH: Not every faculty member, just only 
isn't given to them by the adminislralion and I the faculty that are on the list. Another idea I 
see the co-ops being able to do thal And I have is lhe volleybalVsurf co-op, which I'd 
don ' t see why the administration all of a sud- like to expand on because I've kind of nar-
den is going with the key issue. Why all of a rowly defined it, because I haven'l had that 
sudden are they trying to geta little more edge much room. It 's mainly a place where stu-
in there? And so I can only assume thai it's to dents who haveskills can get out there and sell 
have it so they have more power over ii, like the equipment. Besides surfing, it would sell 
they have power over lhe Price Center. Only a minor amounl of volleyball equipment bul it 
when they get the students together woK:king would be mainly if you organize volleyball 
and thinking about issues thai involve all stu- tournaments. 
dents then we can getlhings done on this cam- G: Who are you trying 10 focus on wilh this 
pus. surf and volleyball shop? I' m not hearing a lot 

G: Are you prepared 10, as A.S. president, of input from students who are really con-
tell the IFC to organize all of their events and cerned thaI there' s no volleyball shop. From 
philanthropies towards the co-ops? what I hear, people are a lot more concerned 

CH: Enforcement is not the word, and it with things like parking. Why did you put the 
wouldn't be specifically towards lhe co-ops. It surf and volleyball shop as your main goal on 
can be othersmaller groups on campus lhat are your campaign flyer? 
having a hard time getting Ihrough that one- CH: It's nOl my main goal. 
year period you have to have before you're G: Ilhink there's a IN more students OUI 
recognized by the university as an organiza- there who have cars than who play volleyball 
tion. That takes a 101 of money sometimes to or surf? 
stand a whole year for a group 10 go. So il CH: Right. Parking is a reallouchy issue 
wouldn'l have 10 be the co-ops or any specific andwhatanA.S. Presidenlcandorealistically 
group. It would definitely not be a mandate for parking - I mean really get something 

The UCSD Guardian 

done in parking, he's got 10 go to the plan-
ning boards, he's gOI to have already bcenon 
lhe planning boards, he's got to make sure 
he's been on lhe planning boards, and he's 
got to make sure the increase in parking fees 
only goes towards parking because thaI's in 
lhe bylaws. Those things need to be ad-
dressed and attacked. 

G: The last point on your flyer concerns 
getting lhe faculty to pay for the Price Cen-
ler. How do you plan on going about doing 
Ihat? 

C H : Ididn'l say I wanted illocome outof 
lhe faculties ' pockets lhe way it's coming 
OUI of the sludents' pockets', this is an as-
sumplion I am having. I'm assuming Ihal 
Ihere is ageneral poollhe way the admnistra-
tion has for allocaling money, like the ad-
ministration put in a $2 million block to-
wards this facililY. I'm assuming the facullY 
has something similar, and that's where I'd 
like 10 gel the money from.lfit doesn'llhen 
thaI would be something I'd drop. 

G: How do you feel about an ethnic slud-
ies requirement? 

CH: I see a definite nced for people to 
learn 10 open their minds, especially people 
that go straighl from high school inloeollege 
, and open their minds to othercounlries and 
c ultures, so on the surface il sounds like a 
very good idea 

G: How would you feel you would deal 
with internal conflict wilhin lhe A.S.? Do 
you see that as a problem? 

C H: I see that as a big problem. One of the 
Ihings I've already thought of when making 
a speech to the council, ii's very shon. Basi-
cally it comes down to that the council is a 
forum for ideas and ideas only, ideas which 
are to selOessly debated and examined with-
OUI consideralion of who said them because 
an idea comes from the Presidentoranyborly 
else. It's a matteroftrying 10 dispel egos, an<. 
I think that thai speech WOUldn't do anything 
immediately. But after they saw thai that's 
reaUymyphilosophy,that's reallyhowl get 
things done , it would stan 10 implement. 

HARRIS 
Continued from page 1 
hoping to form a department in the terms of 
the school system. I'm the SAAC [Student 
A ff'trmali ve Action Committee) representa-
tive from the African American Student 
Union, I became the presidential appoint-
ment to the progranlming committee. In this 
way, I gOl a base with !he people, and based 

See H ARRIS. page 13 

Lillick & McHose 
Law Finn 

HOLY WEEK 
SERVICES 

If you are interested in 
subletting your furnished 
apanment or have a room 

to rent from May to August, 
please call Tammy al 

544-3132 or 234-5000. 

Sporuored Iry w Catholic Srudem Community 
and the Catholic Community at UCSD 
Holy Thursday. April 12 

Mass of the Lord 's Supper, 7:30 p.m. 
at the University Lutheran Chuoch 

Good Friday. April 13 
Service of the Lord's Passion and Death. 
6 p.m. at the University Lutheran Church 

Easter Vigil, Saturday. April 14 
Vigil Service, 10 p.m. in the Ballroom 
of the Price Center 

Easter Sunday. April 15 
Easter Morning Mass, 10 a.m. in the 
Ballroom of the Price Center 

Former. information, caJl453-1855 

Monday, April 9, 1990 

UCSD FITNESS 
SPECIAL 

AND ONLY $20 PlR MONTH 
on a monthly basis 

STAIRMASTER 
UFE CYCLES 
CHILD CARE 

AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS-HOIST 
FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 3 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

BIING·FIT ® 
3968 Cloiremont Mesa Blvd. 

Cioiremont Square Shopping Cen .... near Lee Wards-Behind Famous Foolwear 

483·9294 
Aho in SDSU area 698-1702. Present this ad and I.D. 

PROFESSORS, END 
THE PAPER CHASE 

USE KlNKO'S PROFESSOR PUBLISHING SERVICE 
Give your students an alternative to the Library ReselVe Room We'll 
turn your loose course materials into bound closs readers 

NO CHARGE TO YOU OR YOUR DEPARTMENT 
LOWEST POSSIBLE COST TO YOUR STUDENTS 
OUR REP WIll HELP ORGANIZE YOUR MATERIAlS 
FREE PICK UP AND DELIVERY 
FREE COPYRIGHT ASSISTANCE 
OPEN 24 HOURS 7 DAYS A WEEK 

lET US DO THE CHASING WHilE YOU DO THE TEACHING 

kinko's' 
the copy center 

La Jolla Village Center 
457·3775 • OPEN 24 HOURS 

Wtn d HilWilllan Vilcatlon 
or big '>crccn TV 

plu5 rat5C up to $1.400 
tn JU5t 10 dilYS' 

Qbtec:tM: FundrelMr 
Coi.illlltR*1t: MInInwI 

~y: bIN $1,400 
eo.t: %era Investment 

lL 
1990-91 On-Campus Housing for UNDERGRADUATES 
Announcement for Spring Quarter Lotteries 
Follow deadlines carefu;;y_ You will lose your space if all deadlines are not met, 

CMl,.~, ch"', 
fnIta, .-!tIM ,*1 OCMC .t 

1~.o528 8nd 
1-«1C).H0-8472 ext_ 10_ 

INTERNATIONAL 
HOUSE 
1990/91 

Pick up Applications 

·r ........... '. 
.... tl ce ..... 
• pst ......... 

Due April 27 

College 
Revelle 

Muir 

Third 

Warren 

Fifth 

Lotfery Information Meeting 
Thursday, April 5 

7 p.m. - Why Not Here? 
Thursday, April 5 

8 p.m, - Muir Top of the Quad 
Thursday, April 12 

7 p_m_ - Ocean View 
Monday, April 1 6 

Guaranteed students 8:30 p.m. 
Thursday, April 19 

Non-Guaranteed Students 8:30 p.m. 
Warren Commons 

Thursday, April 12 
8 p,m, - Pepper Canyon Lodge 

Lotfea Card Due 
Wednesday, April 18 
4:30 p.m. 
Friday, April 1 3 
12 Noon 
Tuesday, April 17 
4 p.m. 
Friday, April 27 
4:30 p,m_ 

Monday, April 16 
4 p.m. 

For Details Call 
534-3025 

534-4200 

534-4341 

534-4581 

534-2261 

Monday, April 9, 1990 

HARRIS 
Continued from page 12 
on this, l feellhat I'm ready 10 become presi-
denl forthe 1990-91 school year. 

G: Whal do you see as lhe responsibililies 
of the office and whal would you bring 10 
that role? 

VH: The responsibi lily of the president, I 
feel , is ". loeffeclively voice lhe opinions of 
sludents in order to unify sludents in every 
aspect of college life. Personally, what I 
would bring is a new insight. J saw lhat for-
mer presidents really tried 10 invite students, 
but ran into a lot of blocks, because igno-
rance is a thing lhal pervades much through 
the students at UCSO. So, more in tenns of 
education of each other' s cultures and each 
other's opinions, just to respect each other 
more, I can bring 10 sludents. 

G: How would you do that? 
VH: Well, my main goal is 10 help fonnu-

lale and keep supponing the Ethnic Siudies 
Depanment, so right now I am one of IWO 
sludenlswhosilon\hQlcommiUee. II'sgoing 
through the Academic Senate right now. So 
hopefully, as this i, incorporated as a general 
education requiremenl inlO every college, 
sludentsare forced to learn before they gradu-
ate from UCSO aboul anolher culture be-
sides their own. This way, students will be 
able to deal with each olher in every aspect. 

G: Do you think forcing students will 
fosler thai son of feeling, thaI they're really 
learning about it, or will they resentlhal? 

VH: I don't look at il in lermsofa" force." 
J see it as something thai 's going to help 
them in their fulure life as studenL<, regard-
less of an educational basis or if they go into 
the working force. They still have to deal 
with people of different backgrounds. So, in 
asense,they're not really forcing. II's some-
thing lhallhey have to realize the reality. 

G: What other issues do you feel are 
important? 

VH: In tenns of what I' m stressing, what 
students don't know, is thai Proposition III 
is going throlgh the legislature righl now, 
which has to do with expanding the budget, 
the Gann limit, in terms of keeping the spend-
ing limit the Universily has. 

G: Whal about the issue of the co-ops? 
VH : I think it'sa very minor issue in terms 

oflocks and keys. BUI it 's also a moral issue 
that the co-ops feel that they should put the 
locks on, and that way their responsibility 
lies wilh them. BUllhe administration says 
it's not totally responsible for that. I think the 
SlUdents should very much support the co-
ops. I would definitely support the co-ops, 
because this is a student-run facility. What I 
would try 10 do is, hopefully, have a charter 
be made up as has been proposed. Hopefully 
it would split UCB so lhal sludenl co-ops 
could fonn their own board. 

G: How would you justify the recenl pass-
ingofRlMAC with legislalors who are saying 
"Why should we keep fees down for students 
when they bring lhem upon themselves?" 

VH: Studenls see that in the way it was 
presented to them on campus, in terms of the 
flyers and the literature that was passed out. 
I see has a bias, because students saw it more 
on the pro side, that they didn't have a hard 
expense, that financial aid would supple-
ment for Ihis. But [Assemblymanl Tom 
Hayden says that financial aid will not cover 
it. and students really didn' t know that. 

G: Do you think we need the facility? 
VH : Ilhink there's a need for the facililY, 

but I think there is a need for a more organ-
ized way of presenting ii, or having il come 
back around . 

G: There's obviously been a 101 of pro\). 
lems wilh this counci l in tenns of arguments 
and divisiveness. How do you Ihink you'd 
deal with Ihat next year? 

VH: It is a tradition in council thaI there 
problems exist, and everybody has a differ-
enlopinion. 1 hope to help people undersland 
that even though they don' t agree with a 
certain person's opinion, Ihatlhey must re-
spectlhem for having thai opinion. Whall 
would try to do is 10 help the ('Quncil realize 
that we need to respect each other, and thai 
business on a council level shou ld remain 
busines onacouncillevel,and thaI personal 
conflict shouldn't come into it. 

G: What about the issue of TGs? What 
would you like 10 see next year? 

VH: Well. I hope sludenls are capable of 
electing a programmer who would give them 
lhe kind of music they would like 10 hear. 
That's his or her position. I would be willing 
to let lhem take care of that posilion in hopes 
Ihat lhey would represent the lotal student 
population. 

G: Do you feel that's been done Ihis year, 
in lerms of the music Ihat 's been selected for 
the TGs, in lenns of representing a wide 
group of ethnicities or c ultures? 

VH: At lhe beginning of the quarter, I 
could say that it really wasn't. BUI as Ihe 
quarter slarted to progress, I Ihink people 
staned to see a little more lhe views of other 
sludents. 

G: Did Ihal come directly from some of the 
pressure you put on? 

VH: I would say that. With the help of 
Other students, also. 

G: Do you think th:lI you're already at a 
disadvanlage in creating a cohesive A.S. 
because you were son of althe cenler of or 
involved In the comrover ies this yt!llr, par-
ticul Iy the programming commillee? 

VH: I don'l Ihink there 's anylhing unco-
hesive bel",cen lhe councils. Like I said, 
people have 10 re pect olhers, or have to 
leam how 10 respect the opinions of olhers. 
People seem to hy away from connict. 
because lhey feel thai il bring Ih ings down, 

The UCSD Guardian 

but we need to have a slruggle sometimes in I will sit in on the UCSA meetings, so I know 
order to create some value. aboul sludenl fee increases, so I know aboul 

G: What about the issue of space. and how what's happeninl!on RIMAC. RIMAC passed 
parking lOIS are gelling pushed further and by sucha narrow amounllhat Ilhink it's really 
further away from lhe center of campus? Do importanl lhat the sludcnts have a voice so that 
you see thai as a problem? itdoesn'tjustlurn into the Price Center, where 

VH : Definilely. Because then whal you studenls have nOlhing to say about how it 
would have to do is increase the shultle. And turned Oul. 
al nighttime, il increases the danger for stu- G: How do you feel about the way Ihe 
dents. And so Ihal's deftnitely I major issue. RIMAC issue lurned OUI? 

G:Whathaveyoudoneinlennsofcampus LF: I have mixed feelings on lhat I think 
safety, and whal do you plan to do if you thatwedoneedanathleticcenl~r.l'mverysad 
were elecled? that ii 's gonna be S9() a quarter and it 's also 

VH: Personally, I haven ' l done anything passed by such a narrow margin, thai I'm nol 
in terms of directly helping. I've been on exactly sure thai all the sludentsacluallywamed 
certain commillees, some people came to that, like I said, so it', really imJl<lrtant to me 
SAAC also in terms of safety. I've been lhatl 'm siuing in on lhe RIMAC Committee 
Irying to help people in terms of,huttling,to SO thai I can be sure thai studenl voice is heard . 
give them ideas on how !hey can pick up G: How do you feel aboul some oflhe issues 
women who are way out on the outskirts of in the council last year? The cultural diversity 
school. What I would do for safely, which issue was a big one. 
goes kind of back 10 parking, would be to LF: In tenns of TOs, I think lhat a lot of 
promote more lilerature. People need to be Ihings wenl on in council thai people outside 
more aware, to hopefully put representatives didn -I know aboullthink that John [Ramirez) 
on committees so they can do some more had a lot of good ideas, he jusl dido ' t necessar-
literature so people can become more aware i1y go aboUI il in the righl ways. There was too 
of little Ihings that they need to do for more much on council of " us and them." We don 'I 
safety, like wear lighl colors, don ' l walk lale have to like each other, wejust have to be able 
al nighl by yourself. to work together. My personal feelingonTG's 

G: Suppose lhere 's a girl working real ly is that there doesn't need to be something 
late ... and sometimes the CSO's SlOp cailedaculturalTG,there needs 10 be different 
operaling and thaI person's got to walk out kinds of music, because every singlc person 
there all by herself because nobody else is on campus has a different taste in music .. 
around. How would you provide for that G: Whal do you mean by that? 
person, aside from wearing light colors? LF: I don' t Ihink thai anything needs to be 

VH: I really haven't thoughl about thai, called a cullural TG. Different people like 
bul thaI would have 10 really be an issue I'd reggae, people like salsa, some people like 
have 10 research more. hard rock, I don 'uhink it 's matter of elhnicily, 

G: Whal if you won and Mall [Schnurer] I don ' llhink something needs to be called a 
was elecled programmer again? How would cultural TO. It 's j ust a TO. 
you work wilh Mau? G_' You did mention parking, and you said 

VH: Me and Mall's disagreement was not you wanted 10 sil in on a parking commiuee. 
on a personal level. It jusl happened 10 do What are your plans? 
with a matterofopinion,and I still have lore· LF: Again, I think information is not being 
spect his opinion. I feel thai he has learned a given to students. Students know how much 
lot and so have I. Throughout this liltle lhey have to pay, but they have no idea why 
struggle, this conflict we had al the first of lhey have to pay thal They have no idea why 
the year, so I'm pretty sure that he has in his nighttime parking was instiluled, or weekend 
mind- he carne 10 a lot of places where I parking. It's my understanding that parking 
spoke and I can see Ihat some of his ideas fees won'tgo upas much nexl year because of 
have tended 10 change and he starts to be they have made some money from nighttime 
more open, and I have started 10 become parking. I don't wanllO see parking fees in-
more open, so I think we 'd work really well crease any more Ihan they absolutely have to, 
together. I'd don't think they should have to increase 

G: Do you see your role as president as them. As it is, iI's very expensive. All I can 
beingdifferenuhan your role this year, being really do is go to the parking commiltee meet-
on the programming board? ings and hopefully gel A.S. behind us. Some 

VH: I'll have a opinion, because I' m lhe people have brought up the idea of possibly, 
president and I' ll have a hand in everything weU I know that they're think.ing of discon· 
thai happens on council. I wouldn't directly tinuing the weekend parking and j ust having 
focus my auention on programming, be- nightlime parking. Alii see I can do is go in 
cause I have lhal confidence in Malt, but if I and fighl against keeping both. And another 
saw something lhat I felt needed 10 be ad· part of my job is to get A.S. together to fighl 
dressed, I would address it on lhat issue. against these things instead o f not workillg 

G: Do you think John [Ramirez] should collectively. ' 
have gone to Tommy Tucker and asked him G: The A.S. hasn't done that this year? 
nollo sign the blue form, and PUI pressure on LF: I don't see the A.S. as having worked 
Matt in that way? too collectively. We had a 101 of separate liltle 

VH: As president, if you feel that the pro- things people have done. BUI nothing has been 
grarnmerisnolwillingtoworkoulwithhim, done as a whole. 
then he needs to take it a step higher in order G: From parking stems lhe issue of safety on 
10 tlI.lke sure thai it gets done. I thought it was campus, people parking way off campus and 
John's dUlY as the voice of the sludents to walking alone, what have done on that issue, 
take the next stcp. and whal are you planning to do? 

FLAIG 
Continued rrom PIle 1 
on sexual harassment, and the Constilu-
tional Convention and design and devel-
opment committees. I've also actually 
chaired the A.S. Council meelings, when 
both Alex [Wong] and Ruben [OUI1l/l) 
couldn 'I be there . I've chaired one whole 
meeting and part of another, so I've had 
experience on the council as chair. which 
is notexaclly a qualification forpresidenl. 
bul il does show thai I have respect for the 
council members and I know how to work 
wi th people. I've worked with lhe admini-
stration and with the sludents continually 
for the past four years and I think thai it 
reallyqualilies me because I know exactly 
whal the president is capable of. I don't 
have all these unrealistic goals and ideas. 
I know what I can do as president, I know 
the limitations, and I know kind of how to 
go around them, because I have seen how 
the system works. 

G: What do you see as lhe responsibili-
ties of this office, and how do you see 
yourself execuling these responsibilities? 

LF: I see the responsibilities of lhe of-
fice moslly as being the main rep for the 
students, because all the students eleclthe 
presidem and it' s my job to see that their 
voice is heard and to see that the goals Ihal 
they have are achieved . I don't Ihink the 
students have enough infonnation about 
what's going on on this campus, and i see 
my job as getting lhat information OUI to 
them. so thallheirvoice can be heard. One 
more thing I see really as presidenl is thai 
I set the tone for lhe council. If I have 
slrona views and I can lake a strong stand, 
I can help the Council to be cohesive and 
we can work logether and lIChicve some 
goals . 

G: What issues do see as imponant on 
campus, and what can the A.S. do 10 deal 
with lhem? 

I..F: A big issue is information. So many 
things have happened on this campu Ihat 
il seems the students know absolutely noth-
ing about unlil it's 100 late and I see lhe 
A.S. as needed 10 gettogelher nd h:\Ve Ihe 
infonnation gelling to the ludelllS. The 
way I sec being able to do thaltS. I will il 
on RIMA , I w, lI sit on Parking. I will it 
on lhe Campus Planning Comm,"ee, nd 

LF: I' m on the Sexual Harassmenl Task 
force and right now we 're working on gelting 
a person that would be in charge of sexual har-
assmenl on A.S. that would be a resource to go 
10 and would work on geuing more lighting, 
gelling more CSOs. 

G: How do you feel aboul the idea of an 
Ethnic Studies requirement? 

LF: This probably isn't going to be very 
popularbuli think that there's no reason not to 
have one. 1 think wilhout il we can'tlum out 
well rounded students. You come to college to 
learn, and we need 10 learn about other people 
in order to function well in the real world. J 
think there needs 10 be one program, bUI it 
needs to be differenl requirements for every 
college, because Thitd already has quite a few 
requirements that. But Warren, thai's lhe col-
lege I go to, we have no requirement even re-
motely similartothat. and thai's wrong. I think 
that for Warren maybe it could be inslead of 
Ethics and Society or something like that 

G: How can you possibly do that with some-
thing like Muir College, which is philosophi-
cally opposed 10 requirements as a whole? 

LF: I Ihink Ihal in this case there really 
needs 10 be ar leasl two quaner:; of somelhing 
like that because I know it's philosophically 
opposed to ii, but I just don't think it can tum 
OUI a well-rounded person. who is not able to 
work wi th other people, you have to be aware 
of lhese things. There has to be some way to i n-
corporate it. 

G: I know IFC has been Irying for a while to 
gel a Greek representative on A.S. Whal would 
you feel about thai? 

LF: Again. this probably won't be too popu-
lar, but a Greek representative can only help 
A.S. The Greeks are a greal resource, they 're 
a vcry large group and lhey're going to be 
gelting bigger and bigger. and Ihey can' t hurt 
council by silting on it. 

G: There are two \hings you mentioned Ihat 
you said are nol going 10 be very popular, 
Ethnic Siudies and the Greek representative. 

LF: I Ihink that elhnlc studies wOn'1 be 
popular because mosl students don ' I want an 
extra class and so I don '1 think lhal thai would 
be II popular view. And I know thaI there a 101 
of people Ihal are really against having Greek 
rep. bUI I think it' a really greal unlllpped 
resource. 

G: How do you feel 3boullhe co-op i sue? 
LF: Again, co-op are such an inlegral part 

ofUCSOand it would be reallyternble 10 10 
lhem, and that's somelhmg .S. really hasn 't 
gOllen behind. UCB gOl behind il and Ilhink 

ee FLAIG, page 20 

NEWS 13 

'>OllP ANO SAlAn BAR R~ S T AlJRAN rs 

NOW WE DELIYER! 
UCSD PARTIES, 
LUNCHEONS, MEETINGS, 
CALL US! 
551-0100 I FAX 551-0180 

WELCOME BACKI 
UCSD'S Original Soup Exchange 

Downtown La Jolla, 7777 Fay Ave. wants you back! 
........ __ ·tfl ............ .. . 

Come to downtown La Jolla, show 150/- OFF 
your student I.D. and we'll give you 70 

Nol valid on deliveries. Expires 5/5/ 90. 

STEP AHEAD 
AT 

THE BEACH 
THIS 

SUMMER 
California State University 

Long Beach 
I.aIge selection of selene., business and nne arts classes • No 
residency reslrictlon8-i'1o formal admisslon 10 CSULB • Three 

6--" session!t-12 unlls In 12 weeks ' More 1I1an 1500 classes 
to choose from • Dorm roornsavailable allow rate • Unlls are 

transferrable • Low cost tuition 

3 SESSfONS 
o June 4-July 13 0 June 25·August 3 0 July 16-Augusl 23 

Ceq lor. FREE cla,. schedule (2t3) 985-5561 or wrile 10 Summer 
Seuiane. CSULB, 1250 Bellflower Blvd., long Beach, CA 90&40 

JSTANLEY H. KAPlAN Take Kaplan OrTake Your Chance 
4780 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

San Diego, CA 92117 
(619) 277-6744 

For other locations ca11 800-KAP-TEST 



14- FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 9, 1990 

Features 
LIVING WITH HOMOSEXUALITY 

Students work on a Habitat for Humanity -
-

Project. 

Group Helps 
Build Homes 
UCSD's Habitat for Humanity 
Organizes Volunteer Workers 
By JAMES COLLIER 
Features Editor 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-Habitat for Humanity is a non-profit group -
-

that builds homes for the poor. Catherine _ 
Beauchamp, president of UCSO's chapter -

-
of Habitat for Humanity, said, "there's a _ 
fundamental concern for homeless people. -

-
This is unique, because you are involved, _ 
and you see results quicker. People like -

-
doing something, and seeing what they did." _ 

UCSO students have been working with -
-

Habitats for Humanity for about a year. Last _ 
January, the UCSO group became Habitat's : 
99th college chapter. _ 

"We organize volunteers," Beauchamp -
-

said about the UCSO chapter. She said vol- _ 
unteers can work in clerical positions, as -

-
well as do manual labor. _ 

Beauchamp said the group is "not a : 
complete Charity," adding that those who _ 
receive homes help with the work. Home- : 
owners are required to invest 2,000 hours of _ 
. weat-equity." : 

Beauchamp said many volunteers like _ An Invisible Minority 
this aspect, and the idea that they will be : According to Tony Valenzuela, a Psy-

h I h By GAVIN CHRISTY helping people who want to e p t em- - chological Counseling Services peer 
- GmudwnRqomr 

selves. _ counselor, the homosexual community is 
"It' s not like we are working for someone - THINK FOR A MINUTE, an invisible minority. 

who won ' t appreciate it," Beauchamp said. : "We're the minority to be harassed. It 
Criteria forreceivingahome from Habi- - IF YOU WIU, OF A would be awkward for people to see two 

tat for Humanity include: : men holding hands, just because it is not 
• Family size and need. - WORLD WHERE YOU ARE common," Valenzuela said. 
• Ability to pay a loan, and the ability to : "The campus as a whole is rather invis-

assist with the building of the home. - CONSIDERED DIFFERENT. ible. People think [homosexuality) is 
Bob Wagener, a campus chaplain in- : You BELONG TO A MI- sick ... and harassing gays is acceptable," 

voived with Habitat for Humanity, said - said Sue Van Hattum, a peer counselor 
building homes for the poor "isn't going to : NORITY - NOT ONE OF and math graduate student. 
solv(" all of the problems, but it is a begin- : Van Hattum said that straight people 
ning." _ RACE, EDUCATION, REU- are determined to retain their ignorance of 

Wagener said the goal of the organiza- - homosexuality, and this "irresponsibility 
tion is to find people who have some form of : GION, OR GENDER, BUT is a coping mechanism." 
income, but are not able \0 get a loan in a -_ Members of a men's gay support 

. I OF SEXUAL ORIENTATION. conventlOna manner. _ group, who asked to remain anonymous, 
UCSO' s chapter has been involved in : EVEN THOUGH THOSE aid there were positive aspects to being 

building about seven homes, and works with _ gay. 
projects in the U.S. as well as Mexico. : AITRACTED TO THE SAME "I like being a pioneer. You don't have 

"And it 's getting to be more and more, as _ to worry about being macho and studly. I 
we get into the swing of things," Beauchamp : SEX COMPRISE MORE like how I can better relate to women. 
said. - 1 0 There is no sexual game going on, and 

Wagener said the organization helps : THAN ' PERCENT OF women can respect that," one gay said. 
people acquire homes with " a sense of dig- - A common reaction that many homo-
nity ." : THE POPULATION, A sexuals are confronted with is the inability 

"A home is so important," Beauchamp - HOMOSEXUAL' 5 EXPRES- of others to understand and accept them. 
said. "It ' s a place to be without worrying- : When explaining their sexuality to people, 
it's where you do your thinking and your - SION OF INDMDUAUTY IS homosexuals often have the task of 
growing. : justifying it. 

"All over the world people want to live in - lARGELY CONDEMNED BY "I don 't think there is a reason [why I 
a decent habitat. [would think that's some- : am gay). It 's just the way I feel," said 

chological Services. "People think there 
has to be a justification. Some people 
have the attitude that I haven ' t had a good 
man. Men just aren't appealing sex uaJly." 

Some have proposed that society tries 
to restrain a person's individuality 
because of its se!f-imposed rules. Many 
homosexuals believe that by breaking the 
rules a bit, people are better able to fuJl y 
discover themselves. 

"Most people would be bisexual if 
people weren't forced to think that we're 
supposed to be straight; We are condi-
tioned to be terrified of the gay aspects of 
ourselves," Van Hattum explained. 

Within the homosexual community, 
gays often play with the notion of mascu-
linity and femininity, and have conse-
quently broken the rules of society. 

"Anyone openly gay has broken 
tremendous rules and will have learned 
something from that," Van Hattum com-
mented. 

Those in the support group unani 
mously agreed that there was a "challenge to 
learn more about oneself' by being gay. 

"IfI were s traight, I wouldn't have been 
able to relate to myself as well . There is 
more empathy and sympathy in a relation-
ship with a man than there would have been 
with a woman," aid one suppon group 
member. 

Within the homosexual community there 
thing that anyone would like to be involved - SOCIETY. Cheli Mohamed, a peer counselor for Psy-
with." : ••••••••••••••• iiii ___ i�iiiii __ �iii ....................... _ See GAY, page 15 

Monday, April 9, 1990 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 15 

GAY: Students Face Challenge of 
Learning More About Themselves 

~--------------------, I 
I 
I 
I 
1 
I 
1 
1 

~ne 1!,~e~ a iJ 
Continued from page 14 
is a lot of experimentation as to 
what defines a relationship. New 
rules are often created. 

When asked about the culture 
in which she is engulfed, Van 
Hattum said, "I love lesbian cul-
ture. [ feel safe about my sexuality 
with women. I feel safe being 
sensual." 

"Coming out" is the expression 
used when gay people feel com-
fortable enough with themselves 
that they can share their sexual 
orientation with friends, family, 
and employers. 

To some gays, the issue of 
coming out is one homosexuals 
will inevitably have to deal with. 

"We have to love ourselves so 
much for the lack of love we get 
from others," Valenzuela said. 

Even though it has been ob-
served that UCSO students have 
an apathetic attitude towards homo-
sexuals at school, there is still a 
level of self-restraint among gays. 

"It would be the ultimate in 
coming out if I were to hold my 
boyfriend's hand at the Price Cen-
ter," Valenzuela remarked. 

For some gays there appelll1i to 
be a perpetual sense of alienation 
between both the homosexual 
world and the straight world. The 

'I wouldn/t be too sociable with straight 
men so as to not seem like I was coming 
onto them.' 

-Member, Gay Men's 
Support Group 

, It would be the ultimate in coming out 
if I were to hold my boyfriend/s hand at 
the Price Center.' -Tony Valenzuela, peer counselor, 

UCSD Psychological Senrices 

latter is too threatened by the for-
mer, and the former doesn't wish 
to offend the straight world. 

"I wouldn't be too sociable with 

straight men so as to not seem like 
I was coming onto them," one 
mem'Jcrofthemen'ssupportgroup 

See GAY, page 17 

30 TAN DAYS $29 
1 TRIM & TAN · UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct .• 455-0909 
I Pacific Beach, MissionValley • State College· Sports Arena 
---------------------I 

1 Lose 6" Guaranteed! 1 European Body Wrap - Only $48 
1 Not a temporary waler loss. Reduce celluile and stretch marks. Call lor details' 2nd 30 Ian days $39 .99 ' FIrSt·time clients ExpiN 4090 L ____________________ ~ 

ArrENI'ION 
---------_._-----MUIR 
GRADUATING SENIORS 
."rI •• Qurler, '990 
.,." 

Su __ er Qu.rter, '990 

Students planning to graduate Spring, 1990 should come 
to the Muir Academic Advising Office, H&SS 2126 
NOW and complete the required paperwork. 

MADLIN. TO flU fOIl SPIll .. 
.aADUAnONII~LI3,1990 

Applicants for Summer Session, 1990, graduation who 
wish to have their name appear in the commencement 
program must complete the required paperworlc by April 
2J and paperwork for graduation by June I, 1990. 

DON'T DELAYI 

YOU CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE!!! 
VOTE VOTE VOTE 

AeSe ELECTIONS IN TH E 

APRIL 10TH, TUESDAY 
10:00 AM TO 4:00 PM 

AT YOUR COLLEGE: REVELLE PLAZA 
MUIR-MOM 
THIRD - PETERSON HALL 
WARREN - APT. COMMOMS 
FIFTH - ASST. DEAN'S OFFICE 

P RIC E 

APRIL 11TH, 
10:00 AM 

CENTER PLAZA 

WEDNESDAY 
TO 4:00 PM 
&. GYM STEPS 

+->->+->++-: .. :.++->++ 
APRIL 12TH, THURSDAY 
10:00 A M TO 2:00 PM 

(ALL COLLEGES) 

PRICE CENTER PLAZA &. GYM STEPS (ALL COLLEGES) 
MUST HAVE UCSD STUDENT ID CARD TO VOTEI 



16 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
MONDA Y THROUGH FRIDAY 

1:8&-4:30 p.m.-OASIS Writing CC!nter oITe:s (ree $eNloe ror aU 
UCSD slUdenls who n«d pre>-writinJ! ~Ir. cooference on drafls 
and t(htinC ndvice. We c:ngage any l;lnd of WnllRg and any kind of 
writifts ~blem. Con(crent:eS arc by urPOintmt:nl cnl)'. Eveninl 
uppointmenuare .Ilso ~VU.112btc. IFor full rJn~e ofserv:ces. seetht. 
bock of lhe """"nl <I.. IChedule). Call 3~2284 0' tome by 
Student Cenler Btd,. A. Rm 214 to ma~c an app;))nl.llent .. Thil 
MlVice i~ avai lable throughout lhequaner. SponSORd by IheOASIS 
Writing Cenler. Sludent Ceno.,. Bldg. A. '214. "-. 

8:OI4:Je p.m.-{)ASIS ReodI!Ig :ond Sludy Skills Cen .... oIf ... 
__ ,o-OM """,",,, AssisllllC. fot Learning (PAL) CooN_IO 
Imp'OVC your sL:iIIs on lhe rQllowing topics: lime maaegemenl, 
gooJ.S<ttin,. projecl pl""nias aad ott.nilOlioot for _h.lec1~ 
IKJIe.raking. lel.tbook rea..hng,. Piep:ning (oreJllHftSand lesHal:ins 
' ...... ic PAL confcreoc ..... flee and a.ailable II)' oppoiM ...... 
For mon: informalion. coli ~34-7344 0,,1Op by USB 4010. Fre... 

8:1O-4:.IG p .... -S<hol"'" Wril~ WOltshop. Honors worksi)ops 
and individulll i.laln fotfmohmen.nd sophomolt • The .. "",. 
, hop will focus on !he ,hon papo:r.lheOSSAy ....... anddle prof. SO< 
3S a p;4.rtner. Stt.ldenl! "",II ha ... e the opponWlhy to learn I word 
proceS5IRt system. SAA 5tudent5 :ae ~peclaJly encOUlll&ed 10 
, pply. Call 5:14-7344 for runher inforfllOlion or an Ippoin .... nl 
USB 407U. free. 

8; ..... :Jtp.1L-TOO LlTI1.E TIME. TOO MUCHSTUDYINO 
iO 001 fduimix your siudy lime wilhoul having. your swdies 
• oke connl 01 1ou, life. The OASIS Rudi., .nd Sludy Skills 
Program offers OAe-IO-Onc personal :blll~3nce to Improve your 
stillson Time MlwIagemen •. S.op by USB 40 10 o,call 5).1·7344 10 
5e4 up .." Ippointment. free. 

8':00 .... :38 p. •• -1be Languag.e Proi;r';Jm provides ussistanC'e 10 
students whose DMI\oe language I .. noc English and [0 th~ doing 
work 1M J:spanese. Spanish, French. German. Hebrew and other bn-
guap. A dtagnOSlic: IC\ .... on wnllen English ;b ;J second language 
is Avnihlbte upon reque5L Call' !i34-~2.84 for more inromuuion. 
Sluck:n. Cenler. Bid,. A .• 21~. F"",. 

RELIGIOUS FUNCTIO S 

MONDAY. APRlL 9 

6:.IG p.m.-PASSOVER SEDER. The t:CSD Umon of JeW\sh 
SwdenlS aM the Jewish CArnpU1 Centers of San Dir&O in\'i~ you 10 

'n in relebr:lllng. KO$her Passover Seder Ti" sluden .. SIO.OO. 
non· .. Uden .. $16.00. ch,ldren l>S.oo. Purchase al UCSD Bo. or· 
rICe. Pnce Cem" Ballroom 8. 
7: ....... -CHI ALPHACHRISTtANFEU.OWSHIP:Comejoln 
us fouvuy ,pec,:u E:1!!lCfwffirob.ervanutOlll • . We wllI. njoy 
'W~:p. aacltiftg and shared communion in cdebr.uion of Jesus 
Christ. Como .. out:ond C.lebrJI.l Rev.11e FO<mIII Lounse. 

~YTHROUGH SATURDAY 
CA THOIJC MASS. $pO""""" by !he C.,holie Stude"' Commu-
nily II L'Cso. lJ .. oeoItJ Luth.rm Church. comer of N. To~y 
Pi ... and La Jolla SIooIa Drive. • 

WEDNESDAY, APRIL It 

6:00 p.rn.-Soudenl upper ,"paRd by lMlhetan to ............. 
Wdconte. ote*rvatiOOlncccSo\llry~Uftiyersity ~ChOldl 
Iact05S !he , ..... ffotn Revelle CoIIe,e). 
7:.,.m.--Bible Swdy led by Campus PaSlorJ ... "",-- Opeo 10 
all. Uni-;en.'tyL .......... a..rcb ( ....... nom ~ .... ~~ 

9:30 p .... -CANOLELIGHT M?SS. A q"'~ mecIiaIIi\'e lime (or 
sIwi"ll wid! OIlIers. Spon_ by theCalJoolicStillientCommunily 
II UCSD. u..i~ ~~h.conoetor;N. Toqey Pine 
and La Joll. _ DtM. 

THURSDA Y. APRIL 12 

1t_1:. p.M.-Jewish C_ ~ III ... T .... 1iI 
RamIe Plaa.C ..... II1II_ R.t.Iii Doea"-,1IliijJi:4'" 
lewIIIICIlIlpua ee-. II UCSO. TIlls is a .... y to IC' ~ 
_ ......... -.. ... 1Ieve/Ic PIaL 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 9, 1990 

TheWeekly Calendar 
SATURDAY, APRIL 14 1ltt11lSDA Y. _.'r.i 
.0:00 p .... -EASTtR VIGIL SERVICE .pun_ by lhe C.lho-
bc S.udenl C_unity. Pnce C.nl.r Ballroom. 

SUNDA Y. APRIL 15 

.... Ind I.: .... ~scopal o.un:h Worship Servj<>e: s..nda)' 
ElltIlariSl andl'Whll fdJowship. CoodSomari_ Epi ... ,CIo_~. 
~321 Easlple Mall. 

"'OO,. ",.~STJ;It MORNI 0 MASS""'-bylheCalho-
Dc S.udenu C...........u.y. Pri<e C ....... llo1l"""'" 

11:10 L ... .....e- WorsIIip wilh Special mutic: ...... noon by 
"',or Hub<T: "e- Hope Amid I PUlUre S'-It.. Open .0 all. 
lhIiversi.y l.uIhenA Chulth (aero<! lhe Sl1eel rram Revelle Col· 

tese~ 
11: 15 • . m.-Uapi ... worI: ingwilhlh.indi_.pecpleofN.w 
Me"K-o willlelJ UI of lhen adven1Urc:s (:aCler (be f'altr SC:rVICC). 
Welcome. U-Il' LUlher:m o.urth ( .. ross lho ..... , from 
Revelle Colle.,). 

ORGANIZATIONAL MEETINGS 

MONDAY APRlL 9 

,:Jt ... m.-I ........ I .... , CI.b Pizza Ni&h •. If_ ...... for I·Club 
a.:rnbcnJ. fnlCl'1lllriOMI Cenrer. S2.oo, 

WEDNESDAY. APRIL II 
1:10 p.m.-T1tiId College and lsrncl Action Committee Jft5C.nl 
Con,,. ....... Tom Lanl05who will speak onlho topic: "Ameri<:a's 
Interesl i. die Middle Easl.· Price C ... er Theoler. F ... . 

THURSDA Y. APRIL 12 

4:tO P.Ul.-P,;ychoiogy majors inform:llion mttling. Find out 
I1boUI : new~requiremcnl.s.newcourscsandch3ItCesincourses. 
honors ......... aad progrun.grudua .. pn>gr:lms in psychology. and 
career OPfJor", .. uics. Open 10 alt majors: Ilnd students ;nleresled in 
Ihe Psycholotl' .... 1110 Psychology & Li",ui"ics Bldg. Free. 

FRIDAY, APRIL 13 

11:)1.1: .... &-1--..000.1 Cm .... FnII.yCll(t. SMheIIl.nd 
g .. lie ....... ~ by lbe Inlernalional CIooIL In._lional 
Ce .... SI.50. 

SERVICES & WORKSHOPS 
MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY 

MONDl\Y,~9 
8:JO.I~~LAR GROUP. ".,...., ... ...... 
who ........ « • • .. having al!ipolardiaanllrand.n ... ", 
lMOred ..... " • IdrtssedwiIl .................... p""'· 
.nl..,.. ......... ~ willi or wilhoul medication. Led by Dan 
Munoz" u...r Calderon. Call Dan •• 534-1579 r.iafIjICma. 
lion IIIId si,...." ..",..College PrOV05I'S orfice. 

h ... I,. ADULTCHII..DRENOFA.~ 
Af'Y __ .~ ..... f .. II!IdoII& ,,110 ~ If. II .... 
aIcoholidM .. I,-..a a 'who_fow«ll~ __ 
in a.......,a.e .... iDIIiItliveenvlronmtlll. LorI;Iw J ...... 1oIt1llde 

TUESDA Y. APRIL 10 

11:08 I.m.-INTERVIEWING SKlLUI~. Oct you 
III!Od help in ""paring f.,.. job -..-.~ lJI,rvice. c-. 
will provide lips on !he he I WIY'lOpoose ..... ~lrionI_ 

wh:llkjndofintervnquestionslOeA~~C ..... 
!'tee. 

1:30-4;00 p.ra.- DROP· IN ADV\SIIIIO IQIas. r.: .... willi . 
c.rur goals. job hun.ing. leSUlllO' ....... ...,.... ,..". ... 
slonalorgradu ... school-'.oi .... N 11111 .. ~. 
ju I walk-in. Career Srrvices CeIItI'. Ptee,. . ... 

2:10-3;30 p .... -ADUL TS MOLESTI!O AS~. A,""" 
ror women who survived molestation in c~ dt :Ido~ner 
bysm.ngers. acquaintartee5. andJorfamily ~.lAd by Yvette 
Mi"",i. 534-1725, and Di ... Barnell. 53+-3035. c.II Yv_ of 
Diane for a preliminary appointment befote .... ng 10 1liiie IfOUP. 
I003GH. F ..... 

2:JO.4:00 p.m.-ASIAN/pAOAC ISl..ANIlI!ll 9I\JDENYS' 
SUPPORT GROUP. This drop-in ",,"p i. deiiped ............ 
concerns or !he AsianiPacific I'- _ • tOo in a 
problem· solving alld supponive I~ 1utIet .... IS aca-
demic and career cOftCerm. family s)'SIeRII ill QuIharaI transi lietl, 
selftdenlifY. and living in two culturu &S su. ..... .re ..... IOtC _ ~ ... e. .. '-'~ 
cUllion topics. l<d by J.""nc 104 ...... CIII ~al ')4.·JO:JI5.~~ "', ..... 1Iil 
information. Mountain View Lounp. Free. 

Monday, April 9, 1990 'The UCSD Guardian 

GAY: Called 'Everybody's Issue' 
Continued from page 15 
confessed. 

"Sometimes people have a prob-
lem hanging out with me on cam-
pus because they might be associ-
ated with being gay and that hurts," 
Mohamed said.Some gays feel that 
it is this homophobia that is the 
greatest adversary to gay culture. 

"People have the right to ex-
press their sexuality in any way 
that they want. Just because you're 
a lesbian or gay, you don 't lose 
anything," Mohamed said. 

"You don't know how people 
are going to react. I want to make 
people think about [homosexual-
ity]. You have to educate before 
you can help to change their atti-
tudes," Mohamed added. 

Some gays say that being homo-
sexual has made them more ac-
cepting of themsel ves and others . 

"Homosexuality is everybody , s 
issue. It is diversity that makes 
things interesting. If we dido't 
expose people to reality, they would 
never get used to us," Valenzuela 
said. 

To combatthe problem of find· 
ing other gays in a straight world, 
homosexuals sometimes Il\ter their 
appearance so as to stand out. 

"We try to look a little bit dif-
ferent so we can find each other," 
Van Hallum said. Also, some 
homosexuals wear pink triangles 
as a way of telling others that gays 
are here and their rights should be 
supponed. 

, People have the right to express their 
sexuality in any way that they want. Just 
because you're a lesbian or gay, you 
don't lose anything., -<heli Mohamed, 

peer counselor, UCSD 
Psychological Services 

The UCSD Lesbian and Gay 
Organization will be celebrating 
their Gay Awareness Week during 
the third week of Spring Quaner to 
educate people about the homo-
sexual culture here. 

, Homosexuality is everybody's issue. It is 
diversity that makes .things interesting, If 
we didn't expose people to reality, they 
would never get used to us., 

Editor's note: During Gay 
Awareness Week the Guardian 
will have other articles dealing 
with homosexuality. 

THE ~ PRINCETON : 
REVIEW _ 

~"'G'.'Y IlK ,w:cu, 

The Princeton Review is the most 
,Hedin LSAT prep course off .. ed 
today. C.dl now for the facts . 

695 - 9952 
""-u.r.-, __ -..-. T ..... s..._ .. _.ttl ...... ,.,. Pr_ ...... 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation. 
Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
If interested. call 53 ..... 955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534-6&+7, 

-Tony Valenzuela, peer counselor, 
UCSD Psychological Services 

The Clean SOlutlan 
talnsomnla 

Corner of Grand & Lamont 
Pacific Beach 

OPEN 24 HOURS 
CIoIMd Sundays until midnight 
do your wash with us, 

CI9\.ruy:5 9{~IL5 
IF YOU WANT BEAUTIFUL 
hands. coma to Cindy's. Our 
exp8f1I wi. take care 04 youl 
Srislaction upon completion, 

or ywr money bllckl 
~ SIt •. _ .... ...... $17.85 reg. $25 
RII .•• _" •.•• _ .. _$11.86 reg. $15 
RbIrgIIIt ............... S2IIJ5 reg. $35 
_Wnp ........ _ .. _$24J5 reg.$3O 
IIInIcIn/PIcIan . $1 US reg. $18 
RbIrgIIIt. _ ..... $14J5 reg. $20 
Fil'll:tIme cIentI only • Expim 4119190 

1231 0IrnII, PICIIIc Belch 
27 .... 
(~ FIIIIIi I Everts) 

WIlt ... WIIcttme ' Mon.·5I&. 9 Lm-7 p.m. 

FEATURES 17 

PROFESSORS, END 
THE PAPER CHASE 

USE KlNKO'S PROFESSOR PUBLISHING SERVICE 
Givo your students an alternative to the Library Reserve Room. We'll 
turn your loose course materials into bound closs readers. 

NO CHARGE TO YOU OR YOUR DEPAATMENT 
LOWEST POSSIBLE COST TO YOUR STUDENTS 
OUR REP WILL HELP ORGANIZE YOUR MATERIALS 
FREE PICK UP AND DELIVERY 
FREE COPYRIGHT ASSISTANCE 
OPEN 24 HOURS 7 DAYS A WEEK 

LET US DO THE CHASING WHILE YOU DO THE TEACHING 

kinko·s 
the copy center 

La Jolla Village Center 
457·3775 • OPEN 24 HOURS 

Your Decision. Your Choice. 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• lmmediate 

Test Results 
• Pregnancy 

Tennination 
• General or Local 

Anesthesia 
• Affordable 

Birth Control 
• Student Discount 

'I1te College Line 
535-137' 

r:;r;t .L ' l&iJI.jJ a CfiOlet 
Ftzmrly Plllnning 

Associl1tes 
Met/icnl CrollI' 

IS GIVING AWAY MONEY 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with 
that special academic or creative projecH 
U,S, GRANTS funds protects for all majors, 
If you have any quesHons, call us at 
534-3917 or stop by our office (second floor 
of the Price Center, behind Mac's Place), 

We are now accepting proposals tot 
Spring Quarter grants. The deadline 

is Friday, April 13,3 p.m.l 

UNDERGRADUATE 
SCHOLASnC 
GRANTS 



18 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

VOTE 
Tuesday from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm 
Revelle Plaza 
Muir MOM 
Petersen Hall 
Warren Apt. Commons 
Fifth Asst. Dean's Oft'ice 

Monday, April 9 , 1990 

Wednesday from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm 
Gym Steps 
Price Center Plaza 

Thursday from 10:00 am to 2:00 pm 
Gym Steps 
Price Center Plaza 

Argentris Thomas exhibits his artwork at Friday's Culture Fest in the Price 

•. . i6und~aiff~'~: 
Northwest Airlines: ."' . 
t~' · . )~:'. ::/ '8 • ' ::: . 
s, not Just a great pnce· 
t;s a great expenence· 

Only for student American Express® Cardmembers. 
Apply for the American Express~ Card. 
Then get ready to take off. In search of 
adventure. action-or just simply to escape. 

American Express and Northwest 
Airlines have arranged these extraordinary 
travel privileges on Northwest-exclusively 
for student Cardmembers: 
• CERTIFICATES VALID FOR THE PURCHASE 
OF TWO $1l8 ROUNDTRJP TICKETS- to many 
of the more than 180 cities in the 48 contig-
uous United States served by Northwest. 
Each certificate is good for a six-month 
period, and they will arrive within six 
-weeks after you receive the Card. Current 
Cardmembers will automatically receive 
their $118 certificates' by March] 5, 1990 
provided they are still full time students~ 

• 10% OFF ANY NORTHWEST FLIGHT - with 
your own personalized discount card. valid 
throughJanuary 1991 on all Northwest and 
Northwest Airlink flights. (This discount 
is not applicable to the $118 student 
certificates and other certificates, 
prom0tional or special status airfares.) 
• 2,500 BONUS MILES roWARDS FREE TRAVEL-
when you enroll in Northwest's WorldPerks~ 
Free Travel Program. 

AND NOW BECOMING A CARDMEMBER 
IS AS EASY AS A TELEPHONE CALL. 

Just pick up the phone. call 1-800-942-
AMEX. and talk to us. We'll take your 
application and begin to process it 
immediately. (If you have your banking 
information handy. like your account 
number and bank address. it will help 

APPLY TODAY 

1-800-942 -AMEX 

speed the process.) 
Keep in mind that our Automatic 

Acceptance Program makes it easier for 
you to become a Cardmember now, as a 
student, than it will ever be again. 

And remember that as a Cardmem-
ber you'll enjoy all the exceptional benefits 
and personal service you would expect from 
American Express. 

So don't miss out on a world of great 
experiences. Pick up the phone. Apply for 
the Card. And start packing! 

Memkrship H4J It.! Privileges-

~ 
NORTHWEST 

AIRLINES 
'If you art alrtady a studtnt Amenc.n Express Cardmembcr and have a question about this program. picaS<! sc:nd your written question. a copy of your student 10 and class sched ule to Amtrica n lixprtss .. PO Box 35029. 
Attn· Studtnt Markellng. Greensboro. NC 2742S. Fart IS for roundtrip travel on North,...,st AIrlines TicketS must be purchas<:d within 24 hours after malung resc:rvallons Fares a~ nonrtfundable and no 'tlnerary eh~nges 
may be madt .ftu purchas<:. Seats at this fart ore limIted and may not be .",LI.hle when you call. Travel must origlnatt by cerrificalt exporatlon date and be completed w,thin 60 days ofthat date . Travel may not be aVl,labk 
between c,ues to wh.ch North,...,st does not have published routings. City fuel surchorgts not included in fare from Boston ($2 .50), Chicago ($500). Denver ($2 00) and florida cities ($2.00) Certain blackoul dates and 
other resmcdons may apply. For complete offer details, call I 800·942 AMEX C 1990 Amenean Express Tr.lvel Related ServICt5 ompany. Inc 

THE AMERI AN EX PRE S· CARD . FO R STUDENTS MO RE THAN EVER 

Monday, April 9, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 19 

A.S. UCSD BULLETIN 
-Paid Advertisement-

AS PROGRAMMING 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
·ro FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS. 

• : CALL THE A.S. EVENTS HOTLINE 534-8433! • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

A.S. PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE MTG. 
TUES., APR.ll. 10th at 5:00 PM 
PRICE CENTER CONF. RM. 8 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS 
Scottish Folk Dancine: Come j Oin us for aJig ... or a reel or a Strathspey. We 
wlll meet at the West Balcony in the Main Gym at 7:3 0pm on Wed .. Apr. 11 
& 18th . We especIally welcome beginners. No partners necessary. For more 
info, call 452-2735. 
ISrael Action Committee & Third College present: Congressman Tom 
Lantos "America's Interest in the Middle East". 8 :00pm on Wed .. Apr. 11 
@ the PC Theatre. 
Colle" Democrats at UCSD remind you to vote in the primary election 
tomorrow. Apr. 10th. P!ease come to our meeting on Wed. ,Apr. 1 lth at 7pm 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •• in the PC Santa Barbara RIn . See you there! 
: AS FILM SERIES PRESENTS : IntemationalClub- lshavtngaplzZlntehttorught@6:30pmintheInt'lCtr. 
• ~ • Lounge. Free pizza for all I-club mbrs. Only $2 for non-members. On Fri .. 
: -1ST FILM FOR SPRING QUARTER- : Apr. 11th 11 :30-2:00pmcomeeat8paehett1&earUcbread@ourlnt'lCtr. 
• • Friday Cafe. Only $1.50 at the Int'! CtT. On Sat.. May 12th there will be a 
• : trip to Disneyland. $25 includes admission & transportation. Sign up @ 
: • the Int'l Ctr. Main Ofe. Spaces are limited, so hurry! Call 453-5044 for more 
• ~ 5 ... ' .... '-Ell JO .... T • lnfi 

: oo4·'rlB6HT':::"'(I:nj : ~ietv 0( Wom ... _ ...... present., "An Evenmg With Industry" on 
• THURS •• APRIL 12TH • Thurs., Apr. 12th @6:00pm at the PC Ballroom. $10 non-members. $ 7 for 
• GET TIX IN ADVANCE • mbrs. T1x available at the Box orc. Don't miss a great opportunity!! 
: ONLY $1.00111 BIG , ....... IW..................: Earth DH Plannlne CoaUtion -Who says you can't change the world? Join 
• PICTUREIU 35IIM : the Earth Day Planning Coalition at UCSD. Come to our meetings every Sun 
: • night @ 7pm in Tioga Hall, rm 502. For more info, contact Wende 259-735 1, 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •• Allce 558-8322 or Steve 458-4284. 

OperatioD Shadow 
Volunteers needed for outreach program in which college students 

are paired with underrepresented Junior high/hIgh school students for 
one day on Wednesday, Apr. 18.Two students wOl follow or "shadow" a 
volunteer through a typical university day. The purpose is to expose 
and motivate these Junior high/high school students in deciding on a 

college education. For more infonnation call: AS CB Express 
534-4450 or Muir Cultural Society 558-6744 

1st mtg will be on Tues .. Apr. lOth 6-7pm in Conf. Rm. 8 of the PC 
2nd mtg. will be on Mon .. Apr. 16th 6-7 (also in Rm. 8) 

lOCAteD 
Al THE 
ocso 

ClWIS 
CENTER 
ON THE 
REVELLE 

CAMPUS 

1NY&R&8'l'&D IN PI.AYING. 1t&V&J.U& TI.AZA? 
Wa Wluu PROVlDa "FH& SOtJND 
OONYAC'l': 1t08AJ.IND ~1"-.t~i9 

OR u&AVS A YAPS A"F "F-aV&l.u& TROV081.' OFe . 
(1taV&I.J.& 1:I00N TROGRAMMING ~OARD) 

p-------------------------. • ASUCSD PROGRAMMING PRESENTS I 
• THE ALL CAMPUS I 
• BATTLE OF THE BANDS PART IT I 
• Sub Social; ~PPARIWION Sad Hu Mlnstels I 
IVltSTEReHletn'N OOCCUJ ... OCJU·oa.s Me & Baby Gf n • 
'1 Thurs •• Apr. 12 • 
I 0 The Triton Pub • 
I FREE 8:00PM FREE • 
• (In conjunction with: Fifth College Council. Warren College • 
• COUDell, lluir College COUDell. Third College COUDCll. Splral • 
• Productions. T1a lIoU,.. •• and 9lX) • 

•.... _ .. _---------------_ .. 

ASSORTED 

for fEN: 
TOR 

)NN()R-I Do NOT WA~ WHAT I HAVEN'T 
-DEEP 

MAXI-SINGlE 



I 
I 
I 
I 

20 NEW 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

l" HOURS: 11- 10:30 Sun.-Thurs. 
11-1 1 Fri. & Sat. \ '" I. { 

LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd ., Ste. 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

, 
M 

.... ·tot 

\' .,' 
' •. 

,. 

. 

~-

--------------------

25,. OFF onYSmOll, medium or o large frozen yogurt 
VoId with any other o ffer. Toppings not Inc luded. Expires 4/1 5/90. 

The U D Guardia.n 

FLAIG 
on linued [rom page 13 

the A.S . nt.'ed to get behind it and say we 
agree with co-ops and I think it would be 
really nd.cutou ,just completely ridiculous 
to lose the co-ops over locks. 

G: Do you foresee a lot of internal conn iet 
within next year's A.S. :\Od how would you 
deal with that? 

LF: Again, it's setting the tone for council, 
and I hope notto see a lot of internal connict. 
I want to see an A,S, that works together. John 
had this "family" idea. We don't have to be a 
family, we don 't have to best friends, Wejust 
have to work together, and a lot arthat comes 
from working outside council and getting 
things done outside of council so there 's not 

I a lot of connict and tension when you come to a meeting. 
I 
I 
I 

EDSON 
Conllnued from page 1 

alcohol, clothing, to be abl e to fund the 
RIMAC faC Ility, What this will do is allow 
us to have " RIMAC facility In such a way 
that students won 't have to pay for it. The 
next issue I see as very imponantthat relates 
to almost every student is the parking issue. 
Right now current parking fee for under-
graduate students are $171. By 1993 they 
will be rising to $369. That's a 151 percent 
increase over four years, With similar in-
creases occurring for staff and faculty, fees 
will go up to $558 for them. MOil t people 
would say there's nothing I can do about it. 
tbe administration's doing it, we don't have 
any legal force in order to prevent this from 
going on. 

G: So what are you going to do? 

Monday, April 9, 1990 

deal with s few other thing~ I'm wort.lngon. 
I' ve been working over the pas t two years to 
get a student banking sy tem set up. I al 0 
plan to have KSDT broadcast on·campus by 
winter quaner of next year. It would be 
student funded enti re ly, and that would also 
allow us to have advertisements for KSDT. 

G: But they' ve said they don ' t want to 
advertise, 

JE: Theydon't want to, but as A.S. we do 
control them as an enterprise and I think that 
student money can be spent more efficiently 
when it does have a larger audience, it would 
force them to have noertsin percentage time 
of commercials to reduce the student input in 
this. It should become more and more au-
tonomous and self·supponing as it call be. 

BECKER 
Continued rrom page 1 

L ____________________ ~ 
Those are minor and I don 't think that those 
make me more qualified than anyone elsc. 
What I feel , beyond being on A.S .. I!hink that 
others on campus feel that being on A.S. 
docsn 't mean that I'm necessari Iy qual ified to 
run because we haven' t really done anything 
that students feel is very imponant. The big· 
gest thing that I'd say is my experience would 
be !he projects that I' ve worked on outside of 
council. Projects for the students, research 
I've been doing for different departments. 

JE: I've already taken the first step. I 
found out their official policy is that they're 
only allowed to spend money from on-cam-
pus fees if it directly relates to the access of 
a parking facili ty. So what I've done is I've 
already placed a referendum on the spring 
ballot as a step to negOliate once whoever's 
in office can take this on saying that the 
students have already objected to the use of 
funding. Right now, if you know where !he 
old bookstore is, lhey're going to build a 
90,000 square foot building called the Stu-
dent Social Services Building. Underneath 
this building they 're going to build one-level 
subterranean parking lots. Now these subter-
ranean parking lots will only benefit staff 
and faculty and no student parking will be 
allowed Yet students will equally pay for 
these facilities. 

the Constitutional Convention Task Force. 
And on those essentially what we ended up 
doing was writing an amendment which is 
011 the ballot this year. We made it possible 
to have a Constitutional Convention. I also 
wrote along with Jim Edwards, the commis· 
sioner of operations and services and enter-
prises, an amendment which is on Ihe ballot 
about the role of the Judicial Board in the 
A.S. One thing I tried to do, which wasn't 
successful , was sian up a newsletter. I re-
member that was a big issue last year when 
I was running for senator, the communica-
tion between the students and the A.S. So 
one of the rtrStlhings I tried todo was start up 
a newsletter and I ran around getting money 
for it in the budget. Once I did that, unfortu-
nately I couldn't get any of the other mem-
bers of the A.S, .. . and we ended up not 
doing il. As a Senator, I also worked on Third 
Council and recently I was very involved in 
the trying to get .. . some kind of vote for the 
name of the college and happily we're going 
to have, at least a referendum on il. I also 
served on the Rules Comminee. 

FULL TIME STUDENTS 
WE HAVE EXCELLENT 

AUTO INSURANCE RATES 
FOR QUALIFIED STUDE T 

CALL 279-5955 
D' AGNESSA lnsurance Agency 

7841 Balboa Ave. Sre. 215 
San Diego, CA 92111 

ALSO: MEDICALlDENTALlTRAVEL INSURANCE 

Psychology Majors 
INFORMATION MEETING 

Find out about 

A 
S 

NEW MAJOR requirements 
NEW COURSES and changes in courses 
HONORS seminar & program 
GRADUATE programs in psychology 
CAREER opportunities 

Thursday, Aprll12 at 4p.m. 
1110 Psychology & Unguistks Building 

~\\" GO 

.... n: May 18,1990 
Part I : 12-6 - Part II 7:30-1 

..... : Part 1: Sun God Lawn 
• Part II: Price Center Plaza 

Interested in helping? Leaue your na11U! and number 
with MoLLy at 5344450. 

u 
c 
S 
D 

G: What do you see as the responsibilities 
of A.S. President, and what would you bring 
to those responsibilities? 

JE: I !hink the responsibility of the A.S. 
President is, number one, you have to repre-
sent all - as a student representative for all the 
students and the administration, One of !he 
major naws of the A,S Presidents, in the pas!. 
not only this year but from year to year, is that 
the A.S. President tends to represent certain 
groups that he believes in the most, as op-
posed to representing any student need even 
if he doesn ' t agree with it 100 percent. The 
reason for that is that ifall students suddenly 
feel that the A.S . President is an unbiased 
negotia:or like a public defendant, a president 
who can help cenainly the co-ops, or the fra-
ternities, sororities, Women's Resource 
Center, whatever it may be, even ifthe presi. 
dent doesn't agree with what they're saying, 
he needs to be able to help them formulate 
their arguments and present it to the admini-
stration in a way-if nothing else, even if it 
doesn' t work out with what they 're trying to 
accomplish, the most important thing is that 
they feel that they are a pan of the system -
that the A,S. President represents them. 

G: What do you feel are the major issues 
facing the campus and what can the A.S. do 
about them? 

JE: The number one issue is of course 
student fees: parking fees, tuition fees, book 
costs, on-campus housing. That relates to all 
students. One of the next ones would be Stu-
dent autonomy on campus dealing with stu-
dent worker rights, the ability of certain stu-
dent organizations to appeal administrative 
decisions - that represents certain organiza-
tions on campus. As for the students who 
don't really care, we have to represent them 
too. The way you represent those people is 
you apply the services to them to make their 
life on campus more enjoyable, such as pro-
gramming services you provide. As far as 
specifically, the number one issue that I see 
relating to all students on campus would have 
to be the $210 increase I see coming from !he 
RiMAC facility. What I've done is I've al-
ready placed the referendum questions on !he 
spring ballo!. asking the administration an 
uhbiasly worded question saying !hat to al-
low us to find commercial sponsors i.e. sporu, 

G: How do you feel about an Ethnic Stud· 
ies requirement? 

JE: I feel an Ethnic Studies requirement is 
necessary to educate students, but I don't 
feel it will make students more sensitive. I 
think there's been a misconception that any 
type of forced education doesn't necessari Iy 
open people's minds. It may educate people 
just on differences. Now I've talked to three 
college provosts and I found out that the 
reason why all the other UC schools have 
taken steps to implement one. What needs to 
be done for that is that if you are going to 
create such a program each one of the indi-
vidual colleges needs to be able to create a 
class that reflects its own course curriculum. 
Instead of demanding that there be one uni-
form class foreveryone, what could be done 
to make it occur more quickly is that we can 
allow the colleges to formulate ethnic study 
classes of their own. 

G: How do you feel about !he co-op issue? 
JE: I feel that those are students that need 

to be represented and I would take their 
cause under - what I can say is that !here was 
a compromise reached between the co-ops 
and the University Center Board in the sense 
that the administration's concern as to hav-
ing access to keys to get into the facilities 
was dealt with by having one key put inside 
a locked facility wi!h a pad that police offi-
cers would have to sign in order to get into. 
That answers !he administration's need for 
having a key to get into the facilities, As for 
the co-ops, as for controlling their locks. it 
answers their need because not everyone bas 
control of the keys, it's behind a sealed case 
and I feel that that's a compromise that was 
ignored by the administration. On those 
grounds you oould appeal it to higher grounds. 

G: What's your stance? 
JE: I suppon what ihe University Center 

Board has done. Not the co-ops and not !he 
administration, but what the UniversityCen-
ter Board has done. Creating a compromise 
between the two where the administration 
does have a uniform lock system and has one 
key behind a locked case with a system of 
access only through signing a pad. That is a 
reasonable compromise between both par-
ties, Yet the administration was the one who 
refused to agree to !he compromise, I want to 

G: What do you see as the responsibilities 
of this poSition and how do you see yourself 
executing those responsibilities? 

LB: I see the president as a person whosets 
the goals of the council. I !hink that's !he 
most important responsibility of the presi-
dent. I think also the fact that the president's 
job as recognized leader of A,S - I think we 
need a president who is a strong type of 
leader who is willing to stick his neck out 
when tallcing with administrators and gener-
ally just pursuing student interests on cam-
pus. When I say that I think the first job is to 
set the goals, that's particularly imponant 
this year, because l!hink John Ramirez this 
year won criticism over his presidency be-
cause he was too focused on certain goals 
that he had. It's not that those were bad pis 
- I think everyone supported I,is goals, it's 
that I think he was too narrowly focused and 
I think the president needs to have a broad 
focus inclusive of everything, Inclusive of 
keeping tuition down, keeping parking fees 
down, keeping a lot of parking available, 
making sure !here's enough student input on 
campus growth. So I !hink the president 
needs to have a broad focus and be able to 
unify the council behind all the goals and 
make sure everyone's on the same team 
which unfortunately hasn ' t been the case the 
past year and certainly won't be the case for 
the remainder of the year. So thai'S generally 
the qualifications of the leader, of the presi· 
dent. 
G: What specific issues do yo.u see as im-

pon&nt next year, and how can A.S. deal 
with them? 

LB: There are a few issues which have 
come up recently. One is the issue of par king 
fees. I'm not sure you're aware but parking 
is slated togo up 100 percenl by 1993. Every 

See BECKER, PlIIIe 2i 

• New Selection from Tweeds including l000!& Silk, Linen and Rayons 
reduced ~0%-80% below Catalog Retail Prices! 

• Sweaters, Jeans, Sweats, Shorts, Jackets, Tops and Accessories for 
both Men and Women 

• Large Selection from!i§Jlri1, Vuarnet and IA Gear 
• Thousands of Casual and Career Clothing from Famous Department 

Stores and pecialty Stores available at 60%-90% below Retail! 

Friday & Saturday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m . • Sunday from 12 noon to 5 p.m, 
Go 4 lights east of the 80S 
off Miramar Rd, to 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 
Hotline: 4S0-3323 

UlLlI .., 
_ J 
-:I 

N 

Monday, April 9,1990 

BECKER 
ConUnutd from page 21 
time the administration has raised our park-
ing fees, they 've tried to calm everyone down 
by saying "this is to construct new lots." But 
unfonunately, when they build a building on 
that lot students aren 't compensated for the 
fact Ihat we paid for the lot to be there and 
then they raise our fee s again. Another im-
ponant issue is the RI MAC issue. The RIMAC 
brochure that !hey put out said that financial 
aid would be increased for students on finan-
cial aid when they impose their 570 fce 
quota. And the information I have states 
simply that that is not true. And seeing that 
RIMAC passed by under a hundred votes, I 
mean that's an issue that the A.S. should take 
up-whatlodoaboutRIMAC. A sideline on 
that issue is the issue of whether or not 
commercial sponsors would be allowed to 
help pay for funding the facilities . And I 
think it's kind of ludicrous that the admini-
stration wants their cake, which is this beau-
tiful RIMAC center, and they want to eat it 
too and have no commercial sponsors. 
G: What specifically do you have in mind to 

do about the parking situation? Is il fe~s, is it 
spaces, is it location of lots? 

LB: I think \he overall plan for parking is 
going to be on the perimeterofcampus in tbe 
Master Plan. I think that 's a necessary evil. 

G: You touch on a lot of broad goals and 
things that are bugging you about parking 
and what seems to bug students. [ want to 
know what you plan to do about them, not 
what the issues are. 

L8: Let me start with the campus growth 
issues that I was talking about and what I 
would do there. n,e first thing is to go to 
CCPC and make sure they understand stu-
dent concerns. Righ[ n()w I'm the only stu· 
dent there and I don't know that these inter-
ests are being communicated there. Certainly 
we need to make sure that they know what's 
going on. We need a parking committee 
which is going to be a liUle more aClive as far 
as meeting with the vice chancellor, meeting 
with the chancellor and making sure that stu· 
dent interests are heard. The A,S is not the 

di~tatorial board of this campus and so what 
gets done, I think, is going to be a matter of 
talking with the Chancellor and talking with 
certain administrators. I don't think that 
they 're unreasonable, I think they just need to 
hear student concerns. 

G: How do you feel about the issue of 
cultural diversity and cultural TGs that carne 
up last year'! 

LB: [thinklhesituation was handled poorly. 
I think there 's a si tuation where a group of 
students came to John Ramirez and came to 
Matt Schnurer and said we have a problem 
with the programming of the TGs. Unfonu-
nately, I feel that it's John's responsibility to 
say to Mati, "This is a problem to deal with." 
I don't think it's John's responsibility to 
strong-ann !he commissioner of program-
ming who's elected to do programming into 
doing his job. I don ' t see anything wrong 
with the president sayi ng " I don't like the 
way you're doing it. Please think about doing 
itthis way." Butl don' t think he should have 
strong-armed him. And certainly, I think the 
cardinal sin for the president of the student 
government to do is to go to Tommy Tucker 
and ask him to not sign the blue forms so that 
TGs can't be paid for. Thai is an absolute 
joke. That is an issue which should have been 
resolved within the council and seeing as 
TGs are already an issue which the admini· 
stration wanted to get rid of, Tommy Tucker 
is already feeling pressure from his higher· 
ups to get rid ofTGs. I don ' t think we should 
be opening the door and showing anybody 
that the A.S, is somehow split on this issueor 
that somehow TGs could be changed to re-
neet how they want them to be. And I think 
that was a very dangerous situation and I 
think that the future of TGs is in question. I 
real ly had a problem with !he way it was 
handled, not with the goal that John set out to 
accompliSh . 

G: How do you stand on the co·op issue? 
LB: I think the co-ops have 3 legitimate 

kind of philosophical argument in that these 
are students who run the facilities and they 
should have ultimate control of them. Unfor-
tunately, they may have chosen an issue 
which is kind of a non· issue - \he issue of 
who owns the locks, I don ' t think that's a 
very important place to make your stand. I 
would be the first one to encourage them to 
keeping control of the facility. 

•••••••••• 
1100/0 DISCOOrrr. 
• To students on all • 
• automotive repairs • 
• JAPAnESE • 
• • 
• 

CflRMfiSTERS 
• 5828 Autoport Mall 

• off Miramar Rd , • I Wv svrvicv I 
I Toyota Honda • I Dotsun Mozda • I Subaru Nissan • I (qll 450-0222 • 
• • Must have student i.D. I Visa and Mastercard accepted. • 
•••••••••• 

G: How do you feel about an Ethnic Studies 
requirement? 

LB: I think an Ethnic Studies requirement 
is absolutely necessary. I couldn't say it any 
more eloquently than Yolanda King said it 
just the other day at the Price Center. I think 
one is absolutely necessary, but I think we 
need to create an ethnic studies requirement, 
not in addition to, but in place of something 
else in each of the college cunriculums. But 
definitely one is absolutely necessary. 

G: What specific goals would you like to 
accomplish? 

LB: Definitely lhe parking issue is one 
that 's a top priority on my list. I'm sure we 
could do something at least to keep the park-
ing fees under control. Addressing \he RI-
MAC issue, making sure there 's more stu-
dent inputoncampus. ldon't think too many 
students were even aware that all of asudden 
this whole area around the library was fenced 
off. And so I think that 's definitely an issue 
which needs to be addressed. Definitely the 
issue of !he TOs. Definitely we need to ad-
dress the issue of getting an ethnic studies 
requirement as soon as possible. And I think 
the way toaddress all those issues of commu-
nication with !he administration is making 
sure they understand our interests. 

BITTS 
Continued from page I 
those responsibilities? 

W8: The primary goal of the A.S. presi-
dent is to serve students ... and you have to 
adapt to whatever Ihat is. You can ' t just go in 
there .. . !think you have to son ofhave ideas 
about what you want to do, but they have [0 
be nexible. I have a general idea of what I 
want to do, but it all depends on what the 
students want me to do. I represent a small 
minOrity of constituents -I don't want to go 
on that, I want to go to the whole ... popula-
tion of the school. 

G: What issues do you feel are important? 
WB: I'm !dnd of running on !he student 

aulonomy. I thi nk the co-op issue is primary, 
abig issue. I don' t know ifthe others feel that 
way, but it's just kind of caving in to the 
student autonomy. The administration has 
attacked the co-ops on !he whole eviction 
issue. I think also there needs to be student-
sponsored TGs. These are our TOs, these are 
our events. They should be for students, they 
should be sponsored by students. And, you 
know, the whole issue last quaner about the 
culturally diverse TG. I think you can, not by 
making !he music diverse but by bringing all 
'student groups into it. 

G: Do you think that is a major issue? 
WB: I'm really strongly against bringing 

any kind of petty politics into a social event. 
I !hink that almost cost uS having TGs last 
quaner. If someone has an idea about what 
they want to do. my way is by bringing 
student involvement, just like they had on 
Friday, !hey had other groups selling food-
that should be how it is. It should be students 
involved, interacting with each o!her. And 
having those organizations be a part of that. 
But I don 'tlhink you should try to say "We 
want every issue to be culturally diverse, we 
want to bring in ethnic music here" because 
it's somebody's WliticaJ role. 

G: What music would you bring in? 
WB: I think Matt Schnurer is doing the 

job. I think be should be bringing music that 
is primarily played on college radio, and 
that's stuff that he can get. I think he 's doing 
agoodjob.and my job should be t.Olry to help 
him in any way I can, oot so much just try to 
have my own interests, like "Well, I want this 
certain type ofmusic"-I don't think that's 
right at all. It's a social event. II's nOl a 
political event. 

G: How do you feel about the idea of an 
E!hnic Studies requirement? 

WB: I would suppon that, yes. 
G: What about the argument Ihat some 

colleges, particularly Muir, don't want t 
have requirements? 

WB: A big question of that is that Muir's 
philosophy is for people to make their own 
choice of themselves. That's where a con-
nictanses. ldon't know-that's notonel 'm 
really decided on. Ithinkifyou' ve got one or 
twO colleges thai want to support it, have it, 
but that option should be open for them not to 
have it. I don't!hink it should be required of 
every college. 

G:Soareyouin favor of the Ethnic Studies 
requirement or not? 

WB: I'm nOI - I would say no to that 
G: How do you feel about the issue of 

kinko·s· 
the copy enter 
457-3775 

8855 Villa LI Jolla Dr • 

The UCSD Guardian 

safety on campus? 
WB: Safety? It's a big thing that doesn 'l 

really get talked about too often, Idon ' t know 
really what can be Jone about that. You need 
to be more specific- anempted rapes and 
stuff? 

G: Speci fically, issues like lighting on 
campus, acces to CSOs ... 

WB: I think CSOS should be on extended 
hours, around the clock. People are coming 
home late on the weekends, and they have to 
walk really far away from campus. The pri-
mary concern here is having student safety. 
And the big argument aboutthat is "Well , it 's 
going to COSt more money," but you know, I 
don't think money should be involved when 
someone's concerned with students. 

G: Where do you stand on the co-op issue? 
You 've already said you support them, but 
what specific things? 

WB: I Ihink they shou Id become a com· 
pletely autonomous organization. 

G: Does that mean they should buy their 
spaces in the Student o,nter'l How could 
they become autonomous when lhey ' re in a 
university building? 

WB: I think there should be a way where 
they could actually buy their space. I think 
we should move toward having completely 
autonomous organizations on campus. 

G: How do you feel about RlMAC? That 's 
still a live issue. 

W8: The election on that, passing by !hat 
small minority of 15 percent, I think it was 
200 votes, is not a great mandate. That was 
kind of jus t rammed down Our throats. I think 
we 're going to end up that three or four years 
from now people are going 10 be paying for 
this, and I think that really needs to be looked 
al.I don ' t think it real Iy passed-it passed by 
very little. 

G: It passed by a majority. 
W8: Yeah, it passed by the majority of !he 

15 percent, but I don't think that's a majority 
of the campus. I don't think it was really 
representative. 

G: What about more specific ideas? 
W8: One thing I hope _ . . I tell people when 

I'm handing out my flyers, "You don't have 
to vote for me. That's not what's important. 
Just know what's going on on campus. "I just 
really got fed up with the people that are run-
ning, with their slogans and everything. 

G: How do you feel on the issue of parking, 
both fees and avai lability? 

W8: That's a big problem, the lack of 
parking. I'm not too clear on the parking 
regulations at all. 

G: What specific goals do you have that 
you'd like to accomplish were you elected? 

W8: Just .. , bringing more student auton· 
omy to the campus. I think that 's really lack-
ing right now ... I feel that !here's kind ofa 
separation between \he A.S. and the students 
right now. Ilhink they see themselves more 
as administrators inslead of representing 
student needs. 

G: How would you answer \he argument 
that since you haven't been on A.S., and you 
don't have that much experience with it, that 
you would have to spend a lot of time leam-
ing the procedures and the way things are 
done? 

W8: Yeah, but it comes back to that the 
people who have been down there haven't 
accomplished shit, either. So what difference 
does that make ... it's just more bickering. 
And there 's more words than there is action. 

G: How would you deal with internal 
conflict in the A.S.? 

W8: I think thai it ' s very possible that 
when you have groups of people, there 's 
going to be conflict It 's inevitable. Why are 
we here? We' re here to represent student 
needs, There '5 going to be conflicting needs, 
interests. I don 't knowifyoucangetrid of the 
conflict. I think the connict is good_ It 
shouldn't be just like "everybody agrees. " I'd 
be really suspicious of that. But as long as you 
have a goal that you 're trying to reach, 

G: Do you !hink you ' re at a disadvantage 
because you don 't know any of the people on 
A.S.? 

WB: I think I'm at a disadvantage for a 
number of reasons. First, I'm running as a 
complete independent - everyone else is 
running on a slate. And a majority of the 
people have been on A.S. Council before. 
Like I said, I'm running ... to get people to 
vote. To get people interested, too. Whether 
they vote for me or not is not the point. I 
mean,l'd like them to, but if!heydon't ... To 
know what you're voting for, who you're 
voting for, I think is really important. But I 
am at a disadvantage, I agree. 

Spring Meditation Festival 
sponsored by 

San Diego Intergroup Committee 
composed of several local 

non·profit meditation 
groups 

Easter Week 
Meditation 

7:30 p.m. 
Monday, AprU 9, 1990 

held at F'rtends Meeting Hou e 
7380 Eads Ave .. La Jolla 

Call 560-0578 for more tnfonnauon 
PubUc welcome 

Free WW DoDaUoDa 

TRAVEL 
STUDY 
ABROAD 

NEWS 21 

this summer, student rates 
AUSTRIA, COSTA RICA, EGYPT, ENGLAND, 
FRANCE, RUSSIA, SPAIN, SWITZERLAND 

Great low-cost student prices for 3 to 5 week study programs. 
Languages, an, music, history, marine biology, geology, 
fashion, (Fashion field study will include London, Paris, 
Florence, Lucerne and Rome), Panicipants must enroll in at 
least one course, Credit through San Diego Mesa College 
transferable to UCSD, 

Trip Dates: 
Austria: July 2-30 (Music, Gennan·) 
Costa Rica: June 30-July 29 

(Marine Biology, Geology) 
Egypt: JW1c 100July 2 (History) 
Fasbloo: JW1e IS-July 4 (Fashion) 
London: Aug. 3-26 (Art History) 
Madrid: July 2-30 (Spanish-) 
Paris: June 2.5-July 31 (French-) 
Russia: July 3O-Aug, 18 (Art History) 
Switzerland: June II-July 14 (Music, Art) 
(- Sane couna .. uaht in lln&liJh) 

560-2791 
(weekday.) 

for free brochtue 
Tripe are mUng up. 

ACT NOW! 

THIRD 
COLLEGE 

GRADUATING 
SENIORS! 

If you are interested in presenting the STUDENT 
COMMENCEMENT SPEECH at your graduation, now 
is the time to act. To be considered you must: 

SUBMIT a copy of your speech (non-returnable) that 
is typed and double-spaced; 
INCLUDE on the title page the author's name, local 
address and telephone number; 
ENCLOSE a schedule of your courses for spring 
quarter (as well as known) . 

The speech must be short enough to be verbally 
delivered in a maximum of three m inutes and the entry 
must be delivered to Dr. Gordon Schlesinger at the 
Third College Dean's Office no later than 4:30 p .m . on 
Friday, April 13, 1990. 

For addItIonal Information or questIons, 
contact the Dean's Office at 534-4390, 

GRADUATE SCHOOL REPRESENTATIVE 

will be on campus to meet you and 
discuss the graduate programs at USD. 

DATE: 

TIME: 

PLACE: 

ONTACT: 

April 10, 1990 

10:00 a . m . - 2:00 p . m . 

UCSD areer e rvices Cente r 
Com e b y a nd visit wi th u s. 

Make an a ppo in t m e nt a t 
the Career Service Ce nte r. 



.: 

22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 9, 1990 

Sports 
S.\\ I)IE(~() ('RE\\ ('L \SSI(, 

UCSD Men Finish 5th in Race for Cal Cup 
Women Fail to Qualify for 
Finals; UCLA, Harvard Win 
Whittier and Copley Cups 

By SRINATH SANDA 
Staff Writer 

If you were looking for the best in collegiate and world 
class athletics this weekend, then you were at the San Diego 
Crew Classic held Friday and Saturday. 

The Classic featured not only collegiate action but also 
club racing and World Cup Rowing, as the Classic is the 
only race in the Western Hemisphere that is part of the 
World Cup. 

1be World Cup determines the best male and female 
single scullers in the: world. 

UCSD, along with most other West Coast schools, com-
peted for the Cal Cup, while the: majority of East Coast 
schools entered the:ir men's teams in the Copley Cup. The 

See CREW, page 2S 
THE WINNERS 

Cal State University, Beach 

University 01 California, Santa Barbara 
WiiIIEHCUP 

UCLA 
Gail Johnson/Gua,dian 

The Triton women were left disappointed as they fell short of qualifying for the finals of the S. D. Crew Classic 
Harvard Univllfllity on Friday. The men qualified in third place and then finished fifth in the finals on Saturday with a time of6:30. 72. 

Tritons Split 'Big' Doubleheader; 
On the Fringe for Div. III Playoffs 
By MATTHEW RASBAND 
Staff Writer 

Last Tuesday night, UCSD baseball Head 
Coach Lyle Yates admitted that his team 's 
upcoming doubleheader with Division ill 
nemesis and rival Claremont was "big." 

Then on Saturday, the Tritons out-scored 
(13-9) and out-hit (20-18) Claremont, but 
still came away with only a split of the dou-
bleheader - winning the first game 7-2 and 
losing the second 7-6. 

The Triton's record is now 15-l0-20ver-
all and, more importantly, 10-4-1 in Divi-
sion m. 

Before Saturday's contest, Yates said 
that UCSD needed a sweep against the Stags 
to bener its chances of making the Division 
ill playoffs. 

After the Claremont split, however, Yates 
remained optimistic. 

"We' re still in good shape, but we need to 
stay on track and play solid baseball the rest 
of the year," he said. 

In the first game the Tritons "played ex-
tremely well," according to Yates. They 
jumped out to a 5-0 lead after two innings 
and coasted to an easy victory. 

Second baseman Louie Diaz led off the 
game with a single. After a sacrifice bunt by 
shortstop Erik Judson, who went two for 
two, centerficlder J.J. Fisher and leftfielder 
Henry Jimenez reached base on a walk and 
ahits batsman respectively to load the bases. 

A ground out by rightfielder Ern ie Isola 
scored Diaz, leaving runners on second and 
third. Third baseman Dave Ligennan 
promptly banged a single to left that brought 
home both Fisher and Jimenez as the Tritons 
opened up a 3-0 lead and cruised to victory. 

Mike Morgan (5-1) got the win as he 
See BASEBALL, page 26 

Brian Mo.n./GlI<I,dian 
The Tritons banged out 20 hits against 
the Stags, but still only managed a split. 

Four School Records Fall at Aztrack Spring Festival 
By PETER KO 
Associate Sports Editor 

Somewhere on the UCSD campus, an 
eraser is getting very, very small. 

And somewhere on campus, some poor 
soul is scribbling furiously, again, to rewrite 
the school record books. 

As has been the case in every meet this 
season for the Triton track and field team, 
school reco ds have once again fallen by the 
wayside. 

The site this time was the Azlrack Spring 
Festival at San Diego State University, where 
me Tritons competed individually against 
athletes from SI. John's University (NY), 
Point Lorna Nazarene, CSU Fullerton, and 
SDSU. 

Saturday afternoon, four more school 
records went down, led by Scott Sargeant 's 
first place heave of 189'5" in the hammer 
throw. 

Also for the men, Cain Quigley estab-
lished a new mark in the javelin with a 
launch of 155'1". 

In the meet, however, the record was 
only good enough for seventh place. 

In addition to the records, several com-
petitors came up with solid perfonnances. 

Man Pizza finished second in the 400 
meter hurdles with a time of 55.80, and the 
4x400 relay team of Pizza, Tim Kyser, Chris 
Weiler, and David Myers posted a time of 
3:21.56, good enough for second place. 

That ti me was just .81 off the record set 
by the same group three weeks ago at the 

Santa Barbara Easter Relays. 
Myers also finished third in the 800 with 

a time of1 :55.l9. Merrell Hora took third in 
the 5,000, coming in with a time of 15:06.22. 

The women were equally successful, as 
they also gamered two school records. 

Bobbie Octavo established the school 
record in the hammer throw with a toss of 
129'10". 

Also, Jenifer Jagielski wrote her name 
into school history with a time of 67.27 in 
the 400 hurdles. 

Both marks were good for fourth place. 
Jagielski teamed with Yvette Marzullo, 

Vicki Dunckley, and Erica Washington for 
a second place finish in the 4xlOO with a 
lime of 50.4. 

See TRACK, pace 23 

Triton Bats Go 
Cold; 1-4 at 
Brutal Hayward 
Tournament 
ByPETERKO 
Associate Sports Editor 

Unfortunately for UCSD softball Head 
Coach Sal Coats, effort counts for very linle 
in the win-loss records. 

Over the weekend, the Tritons ran up a 
disappointing and frustrating 1-4 record at 
the CSU Hayward Pi<'neerClassic against a 
medley of Division I and IT opponents. 

On Friday, the Tritons picked up their 
only win of the tourney with a 9-0 thrashing 
of SI. Mary 's. 

Kim Stutzman threw a three-hit shutout 
to run her record to 6-0. The shutout came 
on the heels of her March 24 perfect game 
against Augsburg College (MN). 

Kathy Fogg and Lynn Moreno each went 
three for four to pace the Triton attack. 

After the SI. Mary 's contest, it was 
downhill for the Tlitons as they faced Divi-
sion II powers Humboldt SI. and CSU 
Northridge back to back. 

The Tritons (13-12) were blown away by 
18th-ranked Humboldt State 10-1, as Fogg 
and Stutzman both experienced control prob-
lems. Fogg took the loss. 

The CSU Northridge contest was, ac-
cording to Coats, a "fantastic game." The 
teams were tied at zero in the sixth when the 
fi fth-ranked Matadors scored four runs and 
escaped with a 4-0 victory. 

Dianna Moreno started and then gave 
way to Fogg and Stutzman (6-1), who took 
the loss. 

In single-elimination play, UCSD fell to 
See SOFfBALL, Pace 2S 

Monday, April 9, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

SPORTSLINE 
Compiled b, DaIUJ CluJlt t ll , Spo,., Edlwr and P.,., Ko, AsS(JCw Sports EliWr 
Women's Lacrosse 'Impressive' at Western States Tournament 

At the Western States Tournament at Stanford University in Palo Alto, California, the UCSD women's 
lacrosse team went 3-2-1 in what Coach Matt Holman termed a "pretty impressive" performance, 

On Saturday , me Tritons opened up with a tie against Cal State Humboldt. They followed that up with 
a win against Western Washington. 

In the day's third matchup, UCSD fell to the University of Puget Sound The Tritons later closed out 
the day with a victory over Lc:wis and Clark. 

On Sunday, the Tritons knocked off Colorado State University and then fell to Oaremoot in an ' 
afternoon contest, 

At press time, scores and standings were unavailable. 
TIle Tritons' next action is on April 14 at Occidental College. 1bDcootest is slated for a 1:00 p.m. stan 

time. 

Women's Tennis Cleans Up at Meyer Cup Invitational 
At the Meyer Cup Invitational at MiUs CoUege in Oakland, California. the UCSD women's tennis 

team (J 1-4) swept a compilation of the top p'layers from Mills CoDege, UC Santa Cruz, and Menlo 
College on Friday and Saturday. 

At number one singles, Christine Bebrcns defeated Judy Parker of UCSC 6-0, 6-0. Robyn lnaba 
dispatched Tia Tiscomia of Menlo 6-0. 6-2 in number two singles, 

Susan Carney played the only three-set match of the tourney, but still emerged with a win as she 
downed Kelly Cole of Mills 6-4, 3-6, 6-1. 

Amanda Lynch knocked off Kari Swenson of Santa ruz by the: score of 6-3, 6-0 at number four 
singles. Kristen Diehls blasted 
Sarah Cave of Mills 6-0, 6-2. 

And Janet Whalen made it 
a Triton sweep of the singles 
by blanking Grace Bunya of 
Menlo 6-0, 6-0 at number six 
singles. 

Innumberone doubles, the 
team of Behrens and Carney 
defeated the: Mills squad of 
Cole and Cave 6-1 , 6-1. 

Inaba and Whalen com-
bined for a 6-3, 6-0 victory 
against the Menlo pair ofTis-
cornia and Bunya in number 
two doubles. 

Finally, at number three 
doubles the: pair ofDiehls and 
Lynch squeaked by a substi-
tute MiUs team 7-6, 6-1. 

The next action for the: Tri-
tons is Thursday, April 12 
when they bost Colorado 

Christine Behrens was one of six singles winners for UCSD. College 

Men's Lacrosse Goes 1·2 at Western States Tournament 
At the: Western States Tournament in S8.Ilta Clara. California. the UCSD men's lacrosse team (11-

4) won one game and dropPed two others, in what, according to UCSD Coach Bob McCleod. is a "very 
tough" tournament-

On Saturday, the Tritons opened up against the San Francisco Lacrosse Club and fellS-I. The SF Club 
eventually went on to capture the tourney championship. 

"It was kind of a bad break that we opened up against (San Francisco)," McCIeod said "The club 
teams are much too strong for the coUege teams out here." 

UCSD came back in the second game bebind an "exceptional perfonnance" from goalie Tony 
Prestigiacomo to defeat the Windy City Club of Chicago 4-3. Midfielder Juan Millan had two goals in 
the contest, and defenseman JobD Buder scored the winning goal. 

"We played reaUy well. It was a solid leam effort," McCleod said. 
The win put the Tritons in the semi-final consolation matcbup against UC Santa Barbara, a team 

UCSD beat earlier this year. 
1be results this time were different, however, as the Tritons gave up two late goals and fell 5-3. 
"We played pretty well. We didn't play our best ... but some guys who aren't normally stars got a real 

opportunity to play," McCleod said. 
1be Tritons' next ~tion is on April 14 when they host UCLA at Warren Field (East). Game time is 

1:00 p.m. 

TRACK 
Continued from page 22 

Kelly Booth took second in the 
5,000 with a time of 19:32.5 

Octavo actually recorded a 
higher finish in an event with a 
marl< that was not good enough for 
a school record. 

She took third with a throw of 
125 '9" in the jave lin. 

Just for the record, Octavo also 
hold the mark in the javelin at 
129' 10", seuhree weeks ago at the 
Santa Barbara meet. 

Susan Christy also tool.. third 
place in the high jump at 5'4". 

ThaI marl.. wa 3/4" shy of the 

school record Christy set two weeks 
ago at the CSU Northridge invita-
tional. 

Rachel Beerman closed out the 
third place UCSD fini shers with a 
discus throw of 142'3". 

Denise McFayden finished 
fourth in the 1,500 at 4:44.6. 

The next meet for the Tritons is 
the: UCSD Invitational on Satur-
day, April 14. 

Among,the entrants will be 15 
world cla~s compelitors, including 
Olympian Joaquim Cruz, an 800 

. meIer gold medalist at the 1988 
Seoul Olympics, pole vaulter Phil-
lippe Collet and Pa cal Lefevre, 
who has thrown Ihe javelin 270' . 

300 Semi-Annual 
• ••••••••••••• 

'AlL.an PAIITY 
IAN D •• GO 

PADRES 
vs. 

LOIUOIUI 
DODGERS 
WID., APlUL 11, 4 ..... 
, .................. p"-
.... ... ,,-_ ....... 

................. 

8Ms QvuUablP. TIc""' • .s. blfo I~ 
PI*,_ Ce~'er Pltua.. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

SPORTS 23 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISIS~ 

WFVE GOT 
THE CUREr 

novelty Items' gi ft wrapping' balloons ' greeting cardS 
Large selection of gift ilW1. shopping boxes 

!~ 4:305 La Jolla Village Drive, UTe Mall 
(next to Carlos Murphy's) 

™ 453-9993 
W • I II: , OPEN DAILY 

III .... trllc/O,-'s Course Reatler..,. 

• Free Parking 
• Book Binding 

;'!II 110/ul(ll (t "11'\1/0 /"Hmll"u" "I --ul 452.9949 

6 Minute Prints! 
• Prints from color prints 
• Prints from B&W prints 
• Enlargements from slides 

7523 Fay Ave. 
Vans Shopping Center 
459-0696 
Open 6 days a week - gone fishing on 
Sundaysl 
We accept UCSD purchase ordeIs 

\ 
\ 

. , TN DC Coma Iftt C ttII 

• Proof sheets from slides 
• Overhead vue-graph slides 
• Enlarge or reduce 

CommelJlorating 50 years of 

TUt: BATMAN. 
Batman and [)elective comics :lVailable at: 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 8olboa Ave. 

Son Diego. CA 92117 
Come< 01 SoIb<Xl 8< Clolremont Dr, 

- Next to Food Basket · 
(619) 483-4853 

675-6 N. Broadway 
Escondido, CA 92025 

Country Comer ShoppIng Center 
ot BroadWay & Washington 

(619) 745-5660 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 



24 CLA IFIEDS 

Classified ed.ertiling I. sold In IS-word 
Increment •• The .. t. per 15 word. I. $1 for 
student., S3 lor laculty and .tall, .nd $4 for 
olhers. Payment In advanc. I. reqUired; 
therefore, ed. mUlt be mailed with. check 
(mede payable to TM UCSD Guardlu) or 
pre.ented In parlon. Please ha •• exact 
change. Deedllnes are 3 p.m. Thursday lor 
Monday's papar and 3 p.m. Monday lor 
Thursday's paper. The Guardliln rese .... 
the right to r.'use any ed.ertlslng Including 
but not limited to companionship eds. For 
more Inlormatlon call 534·5416. The 
Guardlllll, UCSD, B.(J16, La Jolla, CA 92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Calling all Warren StUdentsil Get involved wHh 
your college and apply for a job a. a Siudeni 
Internl Interns needed tor Multicultural 
Enrichment Program. sludent activilles and 
Melamorphosis. Deadline Is April 1 I I Get a job 
referral from the Caroor Services Canter. Do 
yourself a tavor and get It todayl (412·419) 

ONE MONTH IN POLAND • HUNGARY -
CZECHOSLOVAKIA - EAST GERMANY 
$1 ,495. includes air. Tibor. 444-6234; Ann. 459-
0883 (412·4123) 

PASSOVER SEDER 419 tickets al Box Office 
NOWI Arrangements for second seder available. 
Call 534·6244 (412-419) 

Student addresses and phone numll4lrs don' 
have to be public knowiedge. II you don' wanl 
this information made available. call us. We'lI 
cross your name off our list. 534-EDNA. (412· 
419) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI Jewish 
Campus Canters provides warmlh. education. 
prayer. socializing. Connect with Union of Jewish 
Studenlsl 502 Mallhews; east 01 the Price Canter. 
Call Rabbi Slolnick. 534·2521 . (412'617) 

Tl'ird College Student Council Elections DeadlIne 
is lodayl Candidales must register by 4:30 p.m. 
in Dean's office to appear on ballol. Take a 
chance. run tor offlcel (419) 

Third College Semi·'ormal tickets now on sale In 
Third Dean's office and Office 01 Resldenlial 
Ute. Don' miss "Thai Magic M~menl. .. • April 
28. rickets just $1 0 each. but space Is Nmijed. so 
don' delayl (419-4126) 

TAILGATE PARTY ••• Beglnnlng al4 p.m. Wed. 
4111. Padres vs. Dodgers al7 p.m. All you can 
drink and eat. Bus transportation available. Get 
tickets and Informal ion In Ihe Price Canter Plaza. 
(4/9) 

WORK IN FILMI Hardcore Film ProduC1ions, 
UCSO's Film Club. Meeting every Wed. 9:00 
p.m. HSS t330. (419-4112) 

VOTE CORE - President - Lisa Flaig - VOTE 
CORE. (419) 

VOTE CORE - V.P. Administrative· Mike 
Holme.· VOTE CORE. (419) 

Sahaja Yoga. Expanence the joy and lranquility 
of true medHation. Simple techniques release 
your own power to achie.e self·re,lizallon. 
Integration and harmony In your parsonal life 
and in the world at I,rge. Wednesdays. Price 
Canter Santa Barbara Room 7 p.m Details: 
271 · 4983. (419) 

Be the Revelle Studenl Graduation Speaker. 
Applications at Oean's office. Deadline: April 27 
@ 4 p.m. (419-4126) 

REVELLE STUDENTS: Gel Involved with your 
college. Commit1ee appointment applications 
are now available at lhe Dean's office. Deadline 
Is April 20@ 4 p.m. Get in.oIved. It·s lunl (419-
4116) 

$591 
$611 
$650 
$671 

MIIchld $611 
Fares are roundtrip. ReSirictions do applyl 

Ask .lto .. our USSR 
student tours _11I11t frotn 

$41'" Ccudn_ .. 
UCSD PRICE CEHTER 

(by ~ Post Ortlce» 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 9, 1990 

Classifieds 
Get Involved with Revelle Go.ernment. 
AppIlcalions at Dean's office. Deadline: April 
20th. (419-4119) 
Join Re.elle College Councillor a Town Mig. In 
CommuterLounge on Wed. March 18.7:00 p.m. 
(4/9) 

EastlWest Horizons. the only UCSD Asian 
Amencan News magazine Is _Ing new staff 
for Spring 90. Make a difference. Leadership 
posilions open: EdHor·ln·Chief. Assl. Editor. 
Producllon Director (Experience wl Mac 
required). Need nol be Asian to join. Send 
resume and correspondence to E1W Horizons. 
Q.0n. UCSD. La Jolla. CA 92093. Or Call 259· 
6696. (419) 

EARTH DAY WEEKEND. The largest human 
event to ever occur. tOO million people will join 
together .. orldwide to lake aC1lon to SAVE OUR 
EARTHI Saturday. April 21. Grape Day Pai1l. 
Escondido. I Q.3. and Sunday. April 22. Balboa 
Part<. San Diego. 9-5. (419-4/19) 

Excellent Inlemship opportunities in Washington. 
D.C. are available tor fall quarter. A.I.P. oners 
credit for positions Inthe tollowing fields: nalional 
security. international consulting. networt< news. 
environmental advocacy. and health advocacy. 
Housing stipends are oflered by some 
placemenls. Apply In MAAC 406. TODAY. (419-
4112) 

Students interested in a career in the music 
Industry. TAKE NOTE. A.I.P. offers summer 
Internships In L.A. with Chrysalis Records. A& 1'.1 
Records and PolyGram. Apply In MAAC 406. 
Earn Credit. (419-4/1 2) 

SERVICES 
Olga Barl Electrologist. 1200-1500 hairs par 
hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student discounts. 
(619) 556·4644 . (619) 226-1962. (412-513) 

PAPERS TYPEDI Quick & affordablel $~ 
double·spaced page. Call W Colony Resumes 
& Professional Typing Sarvlces. 455-8357. On&-
day service a.allable. Laser Prlntingl Choice 01 
35 typastylesl (412-6I7) 

Macintosh Services • Repiliro • Upg_: 
Component level repair. FREE estimates. 2· 
Day turnaround. Weekend/Emergency Service. 
Reasonable Rales(e.g. Macl 2615121P1us Power 
Board $89). Memory Upgrades lor ALL Macs 
(Macl 261512 to Plus starts @ $210). FREE 
Campus Pick-up & Delivery. Call 456-5916 
Compufix. (415-4112) 

Word Processlng/laser prinled dissertation. 
research & term papers. Free Delivery. Jan 
Goodloe. MA 48&-DATA •.• ANYTIME. (415-
4112) 

TYPINGIIIII 'II typeyourterm papers etc. Quickly 
and lnexpansively. Laser prinler. Call Jennifer: 
558-6090. (419-4130) 

Word Processing ServIces . Excellent Ouality -
reasonable. Call 566-9096. (419-411 2) 

TyplRgiWord ProceSsing. Fast lum around. Any 
size. Pick up and delivery. Call Sandy 755-4316. 
(419-4/12) 

Polish your prosel Editing. proofreading, exparl 
word processing. Merilee's Editorial Services. 
2n.9229 a~er 3 p.m. (419-4123) 

----

Typing/Word Processing: Academ ic 
manuscriPIS. papers. theses. lellers. resumes. 
Fasl service. Mary Ann 452·9439. (419·513) 

WANTED 
Need Inlant Care In my Oel Mar home. 
Experienced. Own Car. 1·3 dayslweek. 755-
6t72. (315-4116) 

If you have RECENTLY hoo 
any Infectious or Sexually 
Transmtted Diseases, you 

may quaify to EARN CASH 
and help us help others. 

FOR FREE TESTING & MORE 
INFORMATION CALL 

Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted lor a study on the 
onacts 01 alcohol. II you are a UCSO student or 
non-academic stan. American born male 0' 
entirely Japanese. Chinese. or Korean descent . 
call Scripps Clinic and Research Foundallon 'or 
more Intormmlon. 554-2192. (412-6/7) 
HOME CARE GIVERS NEEOED. The Early 
Childhood Educalion Center is _Ing lull lime 
inlantltoddler child care providers In University 
residential housing torthe UCSD InlanVToddIer 
Family Day Care Referral Program. ContaC1: 
Pat Dahon. Ed.O. Program Coordinator 534-
n 40 M·F7:30a.m.· 4:00p.m. Bldg. 508 MAAC. 
(315·4/9) 

Asthma Research. Mild to moderale asthmalics 
are needed to help evaluate new medications. 
Earn up to $250 and recei.e a Iroo physical and 
medications. Clinical Trials Canter. Phone 294· 
3787. (315,4130) 

HELP WANTED. $9.85 to start. National retall 
chain fiHing 15 openings. Noexperience required. 
Scholarohipsavallabla. No doortodooror phone 
salas. Call 565-1533 9-3 p.m. (3112-4130) 

Ambitions entrepreneurs wanted : Excellent 
ground level opportunily In rapidly expanding 
mai1leling company - Income unlimited partlfull 
time posHions available 748·3094. (412-4112) 

Easy work. excellent pay. Make $121hr. 
Assemble produC1s in your homel No experience 
necessary. Call 22t-7805. (412·4112) 

Researcher: The Dlabeles' Research Group 
needs part and lull·time researchers to condUC1 
NIH longitudinal grant. Duties Includeconducllng 
inlelVlews.organizationaitasl<s.rocrultment.and 
dala management. Requires night and weekend 
hours 100. Salary and benefits approximately 
$16.000lor4Olhr_. Psychology <legreeand 

researc~ experience pre'erred. Send letters ot 
recommendation and resume to Cindy Hanson. 
Ph.D. dlabeles R_rch Group. M·15; US 
Intemallonal University; 10455 Pomerado Rd., 
San DIego. CA 92131. (619) 693-4868. (412-
4112) 

GOLD ARROW CAMp· In the High SIemI. 
Pick up an application tor counselors and 
InstruC10rs at the Caroor Placement Canter. 
Schedule an Interview tor Monday. Aprt19lh. Or 
call (213) 545-3233. (4/2,419) 

Calling all Warren studentsll Gel Involved with 
your coIl_ and apply for a job as a Student 
Internl Interns needed for Multicultural 
Enrlchmelll Program. student activities and 
Metamorphoslsl Deadline Is Apr1It I I Get a job 
referral from the eareer SeMcee Canter. Do 
yoursell a tavor and get H todeyl (412-4/9) 

LAWCLERK/SECRETARY -Goodtyping skills. 
aptHude tor filing. copying. answering phone. 
$5.25 per hour. Call 459·4118 ask 'or Noelle or 
Joanne. (412-41'2) 

Specialized staff needed 'or summer gins camp 
In Maine. Areas of expertise In one 01 lhe 
'oRowlng: Tennis. Swimming (WSI). Gymnastics. 
Landsports. Dates: 6119-8119. Room, board. 
linen. laundry. c101hing and Iravel allowance. 
Top salary. Interviews during the weak 01 April 
'6. Call collect for information 9-5 EST ask for 
Marie. (617) 934-6536. (412-4I16) 

WANTED: Volunteer and Inlernship positions 
available Immediately in the UCSO public 
relations/media relations office. Admlnlslratlve 
assistance and spacial projects inabusy. exciting 
office selling. Flexible hours. Call Huda at 534-
3t21 . (412·419) 

Executive Search Firm needs assistance with 
new business. High energy. hard wort<lng. 
dependable Individual needed 10 perform 
secratarfal tasks (light typing. answering phones. 
mai1let research). 30-40 hours a week. 8-5 M-F. 
Flexible lor one or two ciasses. Scripps Ranch 
location. $7.00 par hour. Ruth 586-1111 . (415· 
4112) 

4150 Regents Park Row 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

457·1007 

-.angllnnseekal8llable. motivaleds1udent 
to manage campus promotions. Flexible hours. 
High earning potenllal. Excellent work 
experience. No seiling. 80().366-6498. (412-419) 

Restaurant at La Jolla Shores near UCSO. now 
hiring tull or part lime. 'Iexlble hours. 'riendly 
place to wort<. no exparience required. We will 
train you. Call Kevin. Steve 454-8038. (415-419) 

Responsible adull to care for two chHdren. 
Aexible times. Maximum 10 hours per week 
689-1549. (415-419) 

WANTED: Juniors and Seniors II Who are 
Interesled In Graduate SchoolliliBuslness. 
Education. Law, Nursing. Arts and Sciences. 
Come meet the representallve from 
UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO GRADUATE 
SCHOOl.. Date: April 10.1990. TIme: 10:00 
a.m. - 2:00 p.m. Place: Car_ Services Center, 
UCSD. (415·419) 

Part TIme. Old Globe Theatre seeks articulate. 
creative people 'or l1li1990 fundralser. Good $S. 
Nice paopte 231-1941. Call Weyman 9-5. M-F. 
(4I5-4/9) 

Research subjects : Healthy menstrualing 
women ages 18·30 with 1000 Irregular cycles. 
Oally blood drawing. Sleeping with nlghl lighl x 
5 nights. $1 O .~lblood. (S300.00 .. total) . 
Message: 552·8585 ext. 3219. Say ·Menstrual 
Study: (4/9 - 4126) 

BUSINESS MANAGER. Financial Manager 'or 
UCSD Film Club. Great experience and contactsl 
ContaC1 Michelle 455-6914. (419-4112) 

LATIN Tutor needed 10 assist me In translation! 
grammat 0' Upper-division prose. Greg. 224· 
0385. (419) 

COORSUGHT POSTER GIRL INTERVIEWING 
:ATTRACTIVEGIRLS. POSITIVEATTITUOESI 
Coors Dlsl. : 12 p.m. - 5 p.m. 4/24/90. 7545 
Carroll Ad.S.D. 92121 . Calif. S1udio Productions 
(213) 676-4422. (419-4123) 

ReIaIl·SaIes part time evenings .. weeIIends. 
Klds cIoIhes in P.B. 581-3906. (419-4119) 

CAMP COUNSELORS wanled for an 
adventumus summer day camp In West Los 
Angel ... MUSlbe responsible. energetic. caring. 
and havaexperlenoeworiUng with cl'ildren. (213) 
472-7474. (419-4I19) 

LIFEGUAROSISWIMMING INSTRUCTORS 
wanted 'or an outdoor pool at a summer day 
camp In West Los Angeles. Experienced with 
cun'9f1l WSI. ALS & CRP certlflcat ... (2t3) 472· 
7474. (419-4119) 

RECREATIONAL VOLLEYBALL REFEREE 
Needed to wor\( Tueeday and Thursday nights, 
from 7:30 p.m .• 9:30 p.m .• May 22 through July 
5th. Apply at Shiley Sports & Health Cantor of 
Scripps ClInic. 10820 N. Torrey Pines Rd .• La 
Jolla. 554·3488. EOEIMIFIH (419-4I19) 

GREAT SUMMER OPPORTUNITY. Jewish 
summer residential camp _ counselors and 
spectallsts. Capital Camps Is Iocat'ld in the 
Catoctin Mountains one hour from Washington, 
D.C. If you are intereeted In lhe challenges and 
excitement 0' woridng with campers In grades 3-
10. we want you on our leam. C.ood salariftS 
II!IiII.JWI. For intormalion and an applicallon. 
call 1-8O().783-1245. (419-4It2) 

ATTENTION: EARN MONEY WATCHING TVI 
S32.000iyear income polential. Oetails (I) 802· 
838-8885 Ext. TV·18113. (4/9-4112) 

ATIENTION: EASY WORK EXCELLENT PAYI 
Assemble products at home. Details (1) 802· • 
838·8685 Ext. W-18113. (419-4112) 

ATTENTION: EARN MONEY READING 
BOOKSI S32.000lyearlncorne potential. Details 
(1)602-638-8885 Ext'. BI<-16113. (419-4It2) 
Photographer wanted lor wedding In July_ 
Experience whh _nga prelerred. Call 561 -
2632. (419) 

FOR SALE 
AI Fulon and F_ 195. Near campus. Can 

FUTON: Oak spaclalso'lI/bed with 6 Inch futon. 
Only $199. Call 431 ·9361 . (412,4112) 

SCOOTER - '84 Yamaha CASO. Runs great. 
recently overhauled. have receipts. $350 firm. 
John 587-89!M. (4/9) 

RHOOE GEAR CYCLE SHUTILE - carry just 
about any bike on any car. $35.00 Mall 558· 
8509. (419) 

2 Surlboards. bolh 6'9· and narrow. Also 6'8· 
PB. Good shape and cheapI452·6375 Andy. 
(419) 

Fulon and Irame. quean. xlnt. condition. Large 
chest of drawers wHh giant mirror. All for $tOO 
o.b.o. 259-6075. (419-4112) 

Aoher Stereo. Mint condition. Turntable. du?1 
casseIIe. EO. AM·FM tuner. Grem tor dom <. 
Tony 455-0384. (419-411 2) 

BRAND NEW Panasonlc 1180 9 pin dol matrix 
printer with 2 year warranly. Ntyar IJMd !l!lGI 
stHIln box. Bought $200 wilaacrilce $170. CallI 
leave message @ 587-11239 (Chris). (419) 

Nintendo syslem plus 10 gemes. $250 o.b.o. 
Tony 455-0384. (419-4112) 

New relrigeralor. couches. oak lables. king 
bedlramelheadboard. dresser and armolr. 
hammock, desk. more. 436-7480. (419) 

Surfboards: 5'10· and 6'3· Ihrusters. Bolh In 
great condition. Musl sell. Cheap. Call John 
546-9304. (419) 

1986 Ford Escort LX sta1Ion wagon. NC. cruise 
conIroI,tach .. _e.AMIFM,5apaed. OrigInal 
owner. garaged •• xcellent condition. naver 
amoked In. 45.000 mllae.. $4,200/ beat offer. 
286-73161789-2956. (419) 

ATTENTION • GOVERNMENT SEIZED 
VEHICLES from $100. Fords. Mercedes. 
Corwttas_ Chevye. SurpIua Buy_ Guide. 1-
802-a:J8.888S.Ext. A-181 I 3. (419-4118) 

HOUSING 
Spacious tri·1eveI Cambridge condominium: 2 
bd. 2.5 bath. fireplace. 2 car garage. curtains. 
pool and spa. Walk 10 malls. RaIpho. and UCSD. 
Great locationl 3144 MornIng Way. La Jotla. 
551 ·9203. (412-4112) 

WatW.to make money while you are out oIlown 
this aummer? Rent your hoUle. apartment or 
part thereof to reeponaIbIa law students who will 
be cIert<Ing aI Seltzer Caplan W1tkIna & McMahon 
In San Diego. Please cal Marla Macias al 294-
2801 Extension 135lorlurtherlnformatlon. (412· 
4130) 

Vegetarian wanted. Pri.ate entrance and balh. 
organic garden. jacciJzl. sauna. laundry. n0n-
smokers. no pets. 753·0321. (412-4112) 

In Mira Mesa all upstairs, 2 BR .. 1 BA. large 
living. kitchen. wash/dryer. canyon view. near 
bus . 1-5, 15 minules 10 UCSD. $250 each room. 
RaUl 271· 72801534-2858. (4120) 

LJ condo to share wllemale. 2 BR. security. all 
amenllies. garage. tenniS. pool. etc .• walk 10 
UCSDI shopping. non·smoking. prefer grad. 
student. $437.50. Available Jue. 458-9168. (41 
2·4130) . 

Sublelling your apartment Ihis summer? Local 
law firm seeking summer houSing for law clert<s. 
Call Karen al 699-3542 with details. (412·5/10) 

Clalremont $285.00 Share house own private 
Rm 1/3 utllilies. Malellemale nonlsmoker Clean 
quiet house large yard; Wayne. call 274· 7807. 4 
min Irom UCSD. (419) 

International HoUSl applications a.ailabte at 
Resident Deans offices. Intematlonal Canter 
and IRlPS_ Due 4127/90. (419-4126) 

Wanled female roommate.Own room In condo 
neat campus. FuN amenities $250 .. I 15 utilities 
call 457·n48 or 457·7572. (419) 

deH_. 268-08t4. (2128-419) Male HouMkaepar ...... apt. or_to ahare. 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

( \ I I I " I 11<" I 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

North #315 

exchange services with students(s) (Gey OK) 
..adIng organization. IllUdy habltl. No drugs! 
alcohol .smk. OK Eric 238-9144 . (419-4112) 

SeImd CIII, trucks, 4-wheelers, TVs, 
stereos, fumnure, computers by DEA, 
FBI. IRS and U.S. customs. Available 
your area now. Call1~-7555. 
8Xt. C-1199. 

Cruiseshipi Now Hiring for 
spring, Christmas and next sum-
mer breaks. Many Positions. Call 
1-805-682-7555, ext. 5-1023. 

Monday, April 9, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

CREW 
Continued from page 22 
East Coast women raced for the 
Whittier Cup. 

The UCSD men's crew team 
had its heat in the Cal Cup race on 
Friday and was competing against 
UC Santa Barbara, Sacramento 
State University, Santa Clara Uni-
versity, UC Irvine, and Cal State 
Long Beach. 

Each Cup race held two heats, 
with the top three finishers in each 
heat advancing to the finals. 

In the early part of its heat, the 
UCSD varsity men's eight fell 
behind early at 500 meters. The 
Tritons, however, managed to 
mount a strong surge and finished 
third in the 2,000 meter race be-
hind UCSB and CSULB. 

This third place finish assured 
UCSD of a place in the finals on 
Saturday. 

"All the teams out there looked 
very good. Everyone is definitely 
better compared to the last time we 
raced them," UCSD men's Head 
Coach Mike Shannon said. 

The Tritons had beaten UCSB 
and UC Davis earlier this year. 
UCSB and UCD finished second 
and third respecti vel y. 

The UCSD women's crew team 
also raced for the Cal Cup but met 
with difficulties in its Friday eve-
ning heal. The women started out 
strong and were in third place 
behind Mills College and Cal Pol y 
San Luis Obispo. 

The Tritons maintained this 
position until I ,250 meters into the 
race when Loyola Marymount and 
Sacramento State began to move 
uponUCSD. 

The Tritons could not hold on 
as they finished sixth in their heat 
and did not qualify for the Cal Cup 
finals. 

SPORTS 25 

formal protest was filed against 
Mills College which, with a huge 
lead at the end, changed lanes. 

Mills College was not disquali-
fiedand went on to place second in 
the finals of the women's Cal Cup 
behind UCSB, which won with 
time of 7 :43.02. 

[n other collegiate action, Har-
vard, the defending national cham-
pion, won the Copley Cup afterthe 
final was rerun because the Uni-
versity of Wisconsin claimed it 
was not ready at the start of the 
race. 

Also, UCLA, one of the few 
West Coast schools that race 
against the Eastern powerhouses, 
won the Whittier Cup. 

[n international action, Vaclav 
Chalupa of Czechoslovakia won 
the men's World Cup sculling event 
and Birigit Peter of East Germany 
won the women's WoridCupscull-
ing match. 

Guardian File Photo 
Lynn Moreno and the Tritons came to a halt atthe Pioneer Classic. 

The Tritons, however, did not 
have the same success on Saturday 
as they wereoutstroked by CSULB, 
which won the men's Cal Cup with 
a time of 6:22.09. 

"We just rowed poorly today. 
We should have been in the fi-
nals," UCSD women's Head Coach 
Jack V allerga commented after the 
race. 

[n the international Elite Eights, 
the team from Great Britain edged 
the men's competition. On the 
women's side, Canada proved to 
be the class in women's crew. 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from page 22 
Portland State in eleven innings, 3-
2, and UC Davis 2-0. 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST: HP Calculator. CIty 01 San DIego wI 
PACS. REWARD Pleue cal 224-8307. (419) 

PERSONALS 
Calling all Warren _nlat Get Involved with your 
collage an<! IppIy lor • job II • _ InIeml 
Inceml_IorMulllculluralEnrtch..-Program. 
lludsnl _. and Motarnorphooill ~ne is 
AprtI I I I Get • job .... rroI form the car- S.nIIC8I 
canter! Do yourseK a '811<)( and get ~ too.yl (412 ..... 
9) 

ONE ~ TOURING POLAND • HUNGARY • 
CZECtt08lOY AKtA • EAST GERMANY· ",." 
includes oir Iant. Titxrr. _·8234; Ann. 459-0883. 
(412·4123) 
MONEY FOR COLLEGE I 1000". 01 $SS In 
scholarshipl.Ioan •. granll thai YOU can ~ty lor. 
Wo .how you howl Writo: Brokar Educational 
S.rvice •. P.O. Box 7867. San DIego. CA 92107. (~ 
2-419) 
Studenl addrHae. and ))hOne numbers don't havo 
to ba puOIIcknowledge. lfyou don1 ha""tD bo public 
knowledge. If you don' wanl this in_ made 
avai_. cal us. We'll cross your name oK our Nil. 
534-EDNA. (412-4/8) 
Start Spring Ouarter on tho right 'oot at tho W .... n 
Collage'. Commuter B,.oI<f .... 1I Sarno Umo. same 
place. Every Tuesday trom 7:30 am .• 10 am .. 
W .... n Provosts Building lor only 50 ""mil What a 
great bargainll (415-4112) 
PICTURE DATING lnexponslvo. offactive. discrete. 
last. Call JMP tor more detail. et 697·3450. (415-~ 
12) 
VOTE CORE • V.P. FINANCE - ARA 
DEUKMEDJIAN • VOTE CORE. (419) 

Want 10 study orwort< O""rHlS thilsumlR8r? n·. not 
too Iat., Comt to the OppoilUnitie. Abroad Genaral 
Into Seuionl Monday AprtI~. 2:30 at the Intornatlonal 
Centor Conference Room. (<419) 

INFO Seaaion on Study. wort< In NEW ZEAlAND! 
AUSTRALIA. Thursday. ~t2 Intomational Canter 
Conference Room. (<4I9·~12) 

TAILGATE PARTY ... BegInning at 4 p.m. Wed. 41 
1 1. Padre. VI. Dodge,.. at 7 p.m. all you can drink 
and Nt. Bus transportation availabJe. Get tickets 
and information in the Pric4I Center PIAla. (419) 
Fifth College Semi-Formal ... April 21 . 1990 at tho 
Sheralon Harbor Island. TICkets on sale now at 
ProVOSI 0Iice. $20.00 until April 13 thon 522.00 
BUY NOWI (419-4116) 
Afth College· sick of par1Ung p_ms? For $1 .50 
donation. to help """""" your semHonnai. you get 
tho opportunity lor Fifth Collage Council'. _..ad 
par1Ung space. tn tho PI1ce Cenlor. 
(418-4112) 
BlOCK PARTY APRIL 27 FROM 4·8 P.M. IN THE 
FIRE LANE OF THE WARREN APARTMENT 
COMPLEX. (418-41111) 
COORS LIGHT POSTER GiRl INTERVIEWING : 
ATTRACTIIIE GIRLS. POSITIVE ATTITUDESI 
Coors DIll.: t2 p.m. - 5p.m. 4I241iO 7546Cano11 Ad. 
S.D.12t2t Calif. SludIoPnwaIon (213)878 .... 22. 
(oW) 

Int""""'" •• ..- In Clild Ulo oepartmont of a 
children's comprehensive modIcaI fllCillty In the san 
Francloc:o boy .-. Mull bo a junior or senior with 
r_ant acadomiC bacI\gfOUnd and experience with 
children in community or _ ""'" -.g. Apply" 
_ Inlomahip Program 406 MMC. (oW) 

In •• rnatlonal Houl. Applications available •• 
R._nt o.on·. Office •• International Cont.r and 
IRIPS. Duo 4127/90. (4J9.4I2e) 

Than~ to !(an. ~, .... Mtlndo. and Jim lor oil tho 
extra oflort you have put Into thl. i ...... Jult bo glad 
h's overlll 

Than!< God thia 10 ove~ ·Tho .. of u •• tlllherel 

Fogg absorbed both losses. 
"I was really proud of (the 

team)," Coats said. "It's too bad 
that a 1-4 record isn't really indica-
tive of the way we played." 

UCSD finished fifth with a time 
of 6:30.72. 

The women's heat was not, 
however, without controversy. A 

The next stop on the World Cup 
tour will be Oslo, Norway. 

OU1'BACK ADVENTURES IS SELLING GREAT STUFF! 

Tuesday, April 10 only. 9:00a.m. - 2:30p.m. 
PrIce Center Free Speech Area 

Used rental 
equipment 
Jor sale at 
great prices 
plus deals 
on new gear 
Sale items include: 
tents 
sleeping bags 
packs 
rain gear 
xc skis 
winter clothing 
climbing hardware 
cook kits 
stoves 
ski bibs 
knives 
gaiters 
lots more 

UCSD 
OUTBACK ADVENTURES 

..... UCSD 

.... Campu. Aecre.lIon 

For more inFormotion call UCSD 
Ovlback Adventures at x40684 



26 SPORTS 

Computers 
LA JOLLA 

UCSD SPECIAL DISCOUNT 
INCLUDES: 
• 2 DRIVES ----

----
- ----
---
- - ---
- -----
-------_.-

• 640 MEMORY 
PRINTER 

• 1-YR. WARRTY COMPATIBLE 
• SOFTWARE Complete System 

$795 
Anything 
you need CALL 454-5544 

1110 Torrey Pines Road, Suite A 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

Quantities limited 

• .:d!. m 
Financing & LeISing Availlble 

($ • ~ 
SAAB 

ROBERT'S 
® German, Swedish 

Japanese Service 
All Work Fully Guaranteed _ Factory-Trained Specialists 

Mon.-F'!'i. 7 am-5:30 pm 

Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 

(619 )275·1132 
4630 Mission Bay Drive 

(1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

" Kailda11 MGlQlGa 
W ..... .....,_1Id 

&IIdaUSI-. 
toOfU"C.'~ 

prm: i • •. 
·f. I. 

----------------------10% OFF on all repairs* 
with this coupon 

-E=pl motor and troTUJmw,;on ouerh4ul. Not uolid with any ather coupon. 

The UCSD Guardian 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 22 
pitched six innings, allowing seven 
hits and two runs. Dann Eaton 
pitched a scoreless seventh inning. 

In the second game, UCSD fell 
behind 4-i before scoring four 
times in the seventh to take a 6-4 
lead. 

Rightfielder Chris Murphy 
started off the seventh with a single, 
followed by a double from first 
baseman Ted White. Doran Yount 
then ran for White. 

A ground out by catcher Gene 
Northway scored Murphy and 
moved Yount to third. 

Diaz followed with a double to 
left-center, and advanced to third 
on the leftfielder's throwing error 
to score Yount and chase the Stags 
starti ng pi tcher. 

Monday, April 9, 1990 

After a strikeout, Fisher doubled 
homeDiaz to give the Tritons their 
first lead of the game. 

Jimenez followed with an in-
field single, and Isola knocked in 
Fisher with another single. 

Brian MorTWC1JjQJ'dion 
UCSD shortstop Erik Judson (24) missed inthis attemptto nail the 
Stags, but the Tritons did stick Claremont for a doubleheader split. 

As perhaps a hint of things to 
come, however, UCSD loaded the 
bases but couldn't get another run 
home. 

The lead disappeared quickly 
in the eighth. 

A three-run home run off losing 
pitcher Fisher (1-4), who was tir-
ing quickly, gave the Stags their 
margin of victory. 

Sports Trivia Quiz 
Rules and Regulations: 
• Send the entry on an 8112" by 

J 1" sheet of paper along with your 
name, year in school, hometown, 
college you attend at UCSD. ma-
jor, address, and phone number to 
Sports Editor, UCSD Guardian. 
B-016, La Jolla. CA 92093. You 
can also drop it off in the sports 

Yates took the blame for the 
loss, because he felt that he left 
Fisher in the game longer than he 
should have. 

"Sometimes things work out. . . 
this time they obviously didn't. I 
wasn't very happy with my deci-
sion [to not take Fisher out). 

"I'll take one hundred percent 
of the blame for the loss. I should 
have started off the eighth with 

I 

printed the following week. In the 
event of a tie, a drawing will be 
held to determine the grand prize 
winner. Those correct entries not 
selected as the grand prize winner 
will be consitkred runners-up. 

• Only one entry per person, per 
week. Entries must be at the Guard-
ian by 5 p.m. on Saturday. 

• The grand prize winner will 
receive two $5 giftcertificatesfrom 
BJ's. Runners-up can obtain afree 
pitcher of either M ichelob Draft or 
soda when dining at BJ's Chicago 
PiuAria, located in LA Jolla Vi/-
lage Square . A list of all winners 
will be posted at BJ's each week, 
and winners must show identifica-
tion to claim prizes. 

editor's box at the Guardian of- This week's questions: 
/ice,located on the secondfloor of 1. Who was the 1985 NL Rookie 
theOldStudentCenter,acrossfrom of the Year? 
the gym. 2. Who was the runner on base 

• All UCSD students, sta!/. and . when Kirk Gibson hit his dramatic 
faculry are eligible to enter, except home run in the ninth inni~g ~f game 
for Guardian staff members and one of the 1988 World Senes. 

I ifBI' Ch· Piue 3. Who was the only U.S. boxer 
emp oyees 0 s .cago - who did not win a medal at the 1984 
riIJ. Summer Olympics? 

• The person who comes up with 4. Name th~ three head coaches 
the most correct entries, as deter- who have won National Titles in fOOI-
mined by the judges, will be de- ball at the University of Miami in the 
clared the grand prize winner and 19805. 
will be recognized when the quiz is 5. Name the four active players 

INTERCOLLEGIATf SCORFS 

BASEBALL (15-1G-2) 
UCSO HI, Claremont 2·7 

MEN'S AHD WOMEN'S CREW 
UCSO Men's Varoi1y E''IIM 
·H..,t Finished lhim (WInne" UCSB) 
·Flnal: Flnl,hed fifth (WIn"...: CSU long 

Beach) 
UCSD Women's Varoi1y Eight 
.H8II: Finished sI><1h (Winner. Milts 

College) 
SOFTBALL (1S-12) 

., CSU Heywetd Tournament 
UCSD 9. St Mery'l 0 
HtJmboldt St. 10, UCSO 1 
CSU Northridge ~ , UCSD 0 
POt1iend StMe 3. UCSO 2 
UC o.vll 2. UCSO 0 

WOIIBf8 T!NMI (11-4) 
• Mayer Cup Invi1elloMl 
UCSD d. MiIIslMenIolUCSC, t-o 

TRACI( a fIELD 
It SOSU tour"'Nay ~ 
Four school recon:Ia: ScoIt s.v..rw, 
ilal11lMr P88'S1; c.ln 0UIgtey. jowln 
(155'11; Bobble Oc:1avo. hammer (1211'10"); 
J_~, 400 hurdIn (67.27) 

MEN'8 VOLLEVIALL (4-15) 
UCSDd.l.aVe"", 1507. 15012. 11;':4 

XTf~M,llJriAL SCOHcS 

MEN'S LACIIOII1IE (11~) 

Clare 
• w.Mm SIal .. Toumomont. Santa 

Sf LAX Club 8. UCSO 1 
UCSO 4. Windy ClIy ClUb 3 
UCSB 5, UCSO a 

__ I LACIIa.e 
8IW_SUbaT_. _n:I 
UCSD d. W. W~. lAwI, .nd C.". 

and Colo'- S.e; Clonmont, Pug., Sound d. 
UCSD. UCSO - Hu_ SYIe, tie 

ILA A' IIlAL' ICJrJ', 

"IIDALL 
"~,W~, ~ll1 . 

3:00 p.m. 
OOU' 

va. UC Ri-.jde, Pomano·PllZer (Torrey 
Pine, SaUlh). Mandey. ~I t , 1:00 p.m. 

• Redtanda. Wedne..-y, Aprtf 1 t , 1:00 
p.m. 
...... VOLLEY8ALL 

va. CSU long s-h (TrtIon Gym), 
T ... ..-y. Aprit 10. 7:00 p.m. 

[Dann] Eaton," Yates said. 
Eaton came in after the horne 

run, and pitched a scoreless one 
and two-thirds of an inning with 
two strikeouts. 

Overall, Yates was happy with 
the play of his team. 

"We played flawless defense 
with no errors, and we executed 
offensively. I just made a poor 
strategy call," Yates said. 

with more than one career batting title. 
6. True or False. The Lakers 

(Minneapolis and L.A.) have appeared 
in the NBA Finals more than any other 
franchise. 

7. Who won the 1989 men's and 
women 's French Open? 

8. Who are the only two baseball 
players to hit 30 or more home runs 
each of their first three seasons in the 
major leagues? 

9. Which coach is the all-time 
leader in NCAA Basketball Tourna-
ment wins? 

10. Which UCSD pitcher gave up a 
three-run home run on Saturday? 

Last week's answers: 
1. 32 
2. Stanford, Auburn, Louisiana 

Tech, and Virginia 
3. False 
4. Kevin Mitchell 
5. Russell 
6. Loyola Marymount 
7. 15 
8. Jim Kelly 
9. Rockus 
10. Kim Stutzman 

Last week's winner: 
John Davey 
Senior, Warren 
Political Science 
Mission Viejo, Ca. 
Runners-up: Heath Honon, Jo-

seph Liu, Matt Coates, Stephen 
LaBonge 

ERRATUM 

The player in the photo 
on page 17 of Thursday's 
issue (April 5) was mis-
takenly identified as Doran 
Yount. 

The player was actually 
Dave Ligennan. 

The Guardian regrets 
the error. 

Monday, April 9, 1990 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 27 

Tritons Back on Right Track; Win 4th Straight 
Men's Volleyball Now 4-0 in PCVC After 0-15 
Start Against Top-ranked Division I Opponents 

By TOM RIZZUTI 
StajfWriter 

We all know the c liche "Don 't judge a 
book by its cover. II For the 1990 UCSD 
men 's volleyball team, il goes more like, 
"Don't judge a team by its record." 

After a tough opening stretch against 15 
consecutive Division I opponents, ~CSD is 
once again dominating the Pacific Coast 
Volleyball Conference. 

Friday night, the Tritons knocked off 
their fourth opponent in a row, downing La 
Verne in three sets. 

Playing a relaxed and patient match, the 
Tritons showed their ability to come back as 
they swept the Leopards 15-7, 15-12, 16-14 
in front of a spirited crowd. 

The win upped UCSD's record to 4-15 
overall, 4-0 in the pev c. La Verne dropped 
to 9-9 and 1-3. 

The Tritons came out quick in the first 
game. La Verne was flat and the Tritons 
capitalized, taking a 9-3 lead before La 
Verne Head Coach Pat Paschal called a 
time-out. 

UCSD kept the heat on after the time-out, 
however, eventually winning the game 15-
7. 

In the second game, it was the Leopards ' 
tum to jump out to an early lead. 

Playing much tougher than in the previ-
ous game and perhaps taking the Tritons a 
little by surprise, they jumped out to a 7-0 
lead. 

Led by the attacking of junior Tom 
McCutchen and senior John Lim, who fin-

or tJy OW delccu ... 
]!J~'~Z :fl!1!l~J~~~Z . 

ished with 10 kills each, UCSD climbed 
back into the game by keeping relentless 
pressure on the Leopards, who made some 
key errors down the stretch. 

John Davey, who had seven kills. 
slammed home the point that completed the 
comeback and iced the game, 15-12. 

The pesky Leopards again established 
themselves early in the third game. When 
UCSD Head Coach Digger Graybill cal led 
time-out his team was down 9-3. 

Graybill later credited La Verne for its 
performance. 

" [La Verne] really kept pressure on us all 
night," he said. 

The Tritons however, kept their concen-
tration and slowly but surely caught and 
passed La Verne. 

In the third game it was newcomer 
Lamson Lam and junior Ken Blackman who 
led the way, recording II kills between 
them in that game. 

Other indivi~ualleaders for the Tritons 
included sophomore setter Eric Stanger with 
42 assists and McCutchen, who had 7 digs 
on defense. 

After the game, Graybill did not seem 
concerned about his team's 0-15 start. 

"Anyone who follows the team knows 
that we played those teams as well as we've 
ever played," he said. 

He added that the tough early season 
schedule is one reason for his team's success 
in the PCVC, in which they haven't lost a 
game since 1988. 

"We play Division I caliber volleyball," 
Graybill said. 

Made with 2 crisp com tortillas, shredded cheddar cheese, 2 
large eggs, refried beans and homemade salsa. 

La c.w. ~ open 7 a m to 2 p m IN::rdtIt ttoroogh fnday 
f~~ a tX\1qUt brtakfMt and IiX\ch menu 

eom~ giv~ U~ Z1 tryl 
(Off., good t/Yough AoIu 1990) 

John Davey (14) and Tim McCutchen blocked this La Verne spike as UCSD ran its 
PCVC record to 4-0. Wed., it's back to a Div. I opponent - CSU Long Beach. 

The Tritons will get another shot at a 
Division I team on Wednesday in the Main 
Gym when they play CSU Long Beach. 

As for the La Verne match, Graybill 
acknowledged his team's poise and confi-
dence in coming back in the second and 

OVER· TlfE.LINE 

third games and added that those such intan-
gibles are important to a team. 

"We did not play our best game tonight," 
he admitted. "But, as I told my players, 
championship teams find ways to win even 
when they don't pIa their best." 

t 
~t 
t 
t 
t 

~Op.n 10 
UCSD slvd.nls 
only 
~ Oll.r-Ih.-lin. 
Dillisions 
M.n 's, 
Wom.n 's, 
Co-.d and IfC 
Enlry f •• $.10 
p.r .1-p.rson 
I.am 
~a.aeh 
VolI.yhall 
Dillisions 
Op.n Mix.d, 
Inl. Mix.d 
Enlry f •• $20 
p.r 2 -p.rson 
I.am 
~AII 
parlicipanls 
r.e.ill. ofh'cial 
a.ach Sporls 
f.slillal T-shirls 
~ Championship 
awards 10 
dillisian 
winn.rs 

BEACH VOLLEYBALL 
~ Tovmam.nl 
applicalions 
allaNahl. 01 
Canyon IIi. w 
i.er.olion 
Ollie. , S~M DIEGO 

SATURDAY, APRIL 21 , MARINER'S POINT , 9:00A.M. 

UCSD CAMPUS RECREATION II 
II" I "I I '/t.' 1'1('\11\\ 1 ... ,'1/1 \ 

~far mar • 
in/orma/ion, 
call Mii. 
Hipp, Scali 
a.rnd.s or 
Moll Adams 01 
5.14·40.17 



Teaching Aerobic Dance Mon 6-8pm A/9 RecConf. Rm $32 
A.M. Aerobics MWF 6: 15-7: 15am A/9 Spanos $27 
Noon Aerobics MWF 12-12:50pm A/9 RecConf. Rm $27 
Noon Aerobics TTh 12-1 pm A/10 RecConf. Rm $21 
Hour of Power TTh 12-1 pm A/10 Fitness Rm $21 
Trimnastics MW A-5pm A/9 Fitness Rm $21 

." 
Aerobics TTh A-5pm A/12 RecConf. Rm $21 

u Dance Aerobics MWFA-5pm 4/9 RecConf. Rm $27 
-.a Trimnastics TTh 4-5pm A/10 Fitnesss Rm $21 0 

~ Price Center Aerobics MW A:30-5:30pm A/9 Price Center $21 :c Aerobics TTh 5-6pm A/12 North Balcony $21 
Aerobics MW 5-6gm A/9 North Balcony $21 
WaterAerobics MW 5:3 -6:30pm A/9 Cac:onview $22 
Trimnastics MW 5-6pm A/9 Rec onf. Rm $21 
Aquacize TTh 6-7pm 4/10 Indoor Pool $21 
Aerobics MW 6-7pm A/9 North Balcony 21 
Weekend Aerobics Sat 9: 15-1 0:30am 1./7 West Balcony 13 
Revelle MW 9 

se Women Sat 5 Fitness Rm 12 
CPR Certification TTh 5:30-9:30pm A/17&19 TBA $12 
CPR Certification MW 5:30-9:30pm A/23&25 TBA $12 
CPR Certification MW 5:30-9:30pm 5/21&23 TBA $12 
CPR Certification Sat 9-5pm 6/2 TBA $12 
First Aid Certification TTh 5:30-9:30pm A/23&26 TBA $lA 
First Aid Certification TTh 5:30-9:30pm 5/15&17 TBA $lA 

'd . 9-

Tennis , Beg. 
A/10 Third Cour1s Tennis w/Tad, Int. Tues 5-6pm 2A 

Tennis w/Tad, Adv. Thurs 5-6pm A/12 Warren Courts $2A 
Tennis Workout MW 5: 15-6: 15pm A/9 Third Courts $33 
Saturday Tennis, B1- Sat 8-9am A/7 Matthews Courts $2A 
Saturday Tennis, A Beg Sat 9-10am A/7 Matthews Courts $2A 

'" Saturda~ Tennis, Int. Sat 10-11 am A/7 Matthews Courts $2A 
'" 1M ~t raining, Beg. MW 6-7pm A/9 Main Gym WR $23 ~ uilding fOr Women TTh 7-8pm A/10 Canyonview WR $27 ~ 
... Racquetball, Bls Th 6:30-8pm A/12 Canyonview Cts $24 

= 
Racduetball, A eg. Th 8-9:30pm A/12 Canyonview Cts $24 
San Volle0>all, Beg. Tu 5: 15-6: 15pm A/10 Muir South Cts $18 

2 Sand VolleYball, Int. Sat 10-11 am A/7 Muir South Cts $18 
'" Surfing, Session I Sat 9-1 0:30am 4/14 Fletcher Cove $21 For more Surfing, Session II Sat 1 0:30-12n 4/14 Fletcher Cove $21 infotmalion caAor 

Surfing, Session III wed 5-6:30pm 4/11 La Jolla Shores $21 come into 
Gymnastic, Basic Skills Wed 5-6pm 4/11 South Balcony $22 Canyorwiew, Campus 
Acrobatics Tumbling Mon 5-6pm A/9 South Balcony $22 Recreation 
Track Classes Sec 1 TTH 6-7:30am 4/3 Spanos Track $2A offices, x44037. 
Track Classes Sec 2 TTH 5:30-7pm A/3 Spanos Track $24 


