
INSIDE ... 
UCSD Clips .......................... 2 
Opinion ................................. 4 
Features ............................... 7 
Arts & Entertainment.. ........ 10 
Sports ................................. 20 

University of California, 
San Diego 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS . 
The Mystique of 
Jane's Addiction 

UCSD Headed 
For 'Great Eight' 

A review of Friday's show/10 Men's soccer wins 1-0/20 

The UCSD 
MONDAY 
November 5, 1990 
Vol. 71, No. 18 

Police Release Details 
Of Assault at Warren 
• Campus visitor stabbed by UCSD student in 
altercation involving an allegedly stolen jacket 
By Kent Korzon 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSD Police have released additional 
details on the stabbing that occurred early 
Thursday morning at Warren College, but 
would not release the name of the UCSD 
student suspected of the crime. 

The incident, which occurred at 12:40 
a.m., apparently began with a dispute over a 
jacket. According to UCSD Campus Police 
Detective Doug Odell, there were "a lot of 
mitigating circumstances" involved in the 
incident. 

The victim - Steven Mass, 21, of Santa 
Barbara - allegedly walked off with the 
UCSD student's jacket in Lot 504 behind the 
Warren Apartments, police said. 

1be student enlisted the help of an unknown 
pedestrian and a carload of four students, who 
joined in chasing Mass, Odell said. 

One of the pursuers ran into an apartment 
and told the residents that there was a fight 
going on in the parking lot. 

Three residents ran out, one with a kitchen 
knife, Odell said. 

After the initial altercation, Mass ran back 
into the Warren Apartments area, where he 
was allegedly stabbed by the suspect, Odell 
added. 

According to Odell, after the incident, a 
security guard carne onto the scene of the 
crime and Mass left. 

He was contacted by UCSD Police, but 
denied that there was a problem. Because of 
his heavy, dark sweater, police were not aware 
he had been stabbed, according 0 Odell. 

Mass returned to the Warren Apartments, 
where he was staying with a friend. There, he 
was contacted again by police, and again he 
denied there was a problem, Odell said. 

Shortly before 6 a.m., Mass was driven to 
Scripps Memorial Hospital by a friend. When 
the nature of his wounds became apparent, the 
San Diego Police Department was called by 
the hospital, Odell said. 

U CS D Police heard the call go out over the 
radio, and also responded. Mass finally spoke 
to police at the hospital, Odell said. 

Based on his statements, UCSD Police 
arre ted a UCSD student at an on-campus 
residence without incident around 6 a.m., 
Odell said. 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Second-Round Decision - Jarret Stevenson scored the only goal as the 
UCSD men's soccer team moved into the NCAA Division III men's soccer 
quarterfinals with a 1-0 home victory over St. Thomas (MN) yesterday. 

Meanwhile, Mass apparently ran down the 
treel from the parking lot, around Warren 

Apartment Building four, and onto Pry tel 
Field after hopping a fence. 

An altercation between the suspect and the 
victim took place took place on the field, 
according to Odell. 

Currently, Mass is in fair and stable con-
dition at Scripps Memorial Ho pital. The 
UCSD student accu ed of doing the stabbing, 
is being charged with as ault with a deadly 
weapon. 

Ex-Colombian President Accepts Peace Award in San Diego 
• Virgilio Barco Vargas receives Institute of the Americas 
award, praised by world leaders for his successes in office 
By Kerry Hall 
Staff Writer 

Recognized for his tenacity and 
great personal courage in confront-
ing drug cartels, fonner Colombian 
President Virgilio Barco Vargas was 
awarded the 1990 Institute of the 
Americas Award for Democracy 
and Peace last Thursday evening. 

Barco was selected for the award 
because he preserved democratic 
institutions in his country while 
battling Colombia's cocaine rings, 
according to Richard Fi her, chair-
man of the board for the institute. 
Fisher presented the award to Barco 
in a ceremony at the Hotel del 
Coronado. 

"The Institute of the Americas is 
honoring Mr. Barco in recognition 
of his extraordinary courage in 
teadfastly defending democratic 

principle, the rule of law, and hu-
man rights from violent assault on 
the e val ue ," . Fisher aid. "By 
persisting in hi campaign again t 
illicit drugs, in the face of heavy 
intimidation and political co t, 
Virgilio Barco has set an example 
for political leadership in the hemi-

sphere." 
Speaking before a crowd of about 

175, Barco proposed a 5-point plan 
aimed at future international in-
volvement in the drug war. 

"Only through concerted inter-
national action can we hope to de-
feat the scourge of narcotics," he 
said. "'The criminal drug cartels have 
declared total war. This declaration 
of war is against the entire com-
munity of nations; against those 
whose youths are being poisoned by 
drugs and against those who, like 
Colombia, see their democracy and 
their institutions threatened by vio-
lence and terrorism. 

"There are no boundarie to the 
narcotics conflict; there are no safe 
havens from narco-terror. N w, we 
must resolve that there mu t be no 
safe havens for narco-terrorists." 

The first point of hi plan con-
cerned the growing demand for 
narcotic. 

"Every tactic and every weapon 
in the war again t narcoti pale in 
Ignificance compared to the need 

to reduce demand," he aid. "The 
only law the narco-terrorists do not 

break is th~ law of supply and de-
mand." 

He then pointed a finger at the 
developed nations and drew atten-
tion to the fact that the chemicals 
needed to process cocaine come 
mainly from North America and 
Europe. He urged for international 
cooperation in reducing the supply 
and stopping the illegal trade of 
these chemicals. 

"None of [the chemicals] are 
manufactured in Colombia-all of 
these are smuggled into our coun-
try," Barco said. "It takes more than 
coca leaf to produce cocaine. 
Without the chemicals there would 
be no narcotic." 

Barco went on to call for more 
control in international ann markets 
where the rno t sophi ticated 
weapon are legally and easily 
bought. 

"Make no mi take," he urged, 
"those who sell arms to the narco-
terrorist are even more guilty than 
the addicts whose demand for drug 
fuels violence." 

Barco called for international 
See BARCO, page 12 

Ex-Colombian President Barco accepted the Institute of the 
Americas Award for Democracy and Peace Thursday Night. 



2 NEWS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 

Third College, Black Arts Program 
To .Sponsor Cultural Conference 

A multicultural theater arts confenmce titled "Cultural 
Diversity in the American Theater: Moving Toward the 
21 stCentury" will be heldoncampus this week beginning 
Thursday and continuing through Sunday. 

Sponsored by the UCSD Contemporary Black Arts 
Program in celebration of Third College's 20th anniver-
sary celebration, theconference will address the direction 
of theater am in America as practiced by a culturally 
diverse population of artists, playwrights, and directors. 

The three-day event will feature panelists who are 
major influences in North American theater. They will 
examine the role of theater arts in a cross-cultural society 
and the positionofcuJturally diverse theater arts in main-
stream theater. Seven panels will meet Friday and Saturday, 
and summaries will be presented Sunday. 

Theconferencealso includes a lecture by Luis Valdez, 
playwright, producer, and artistic director of El Teatro 
Campesino, who created the films "Zoot Suit" and "La 
Bamba." The lecture will be Thursday at 8 p.m. in the 
Price Center BaIJroom and is free and open 10 the public. 

Lloyd Richards, dean of Yale University's School of 
Drama, will also speak at 7 p.m. on Saturday in the Price 
Center Auditorium. 

Four performance artists will also be featured in 
Mandeville Auditorium at 8 p.m. Friday. Artists Marga 
Gomez, James Luna, Anna Smith, and Lane Nishikawa 
will each perform a solo piece. Tickets for the event are 
$10 for general admission and $6 for students and may be 
purchased at the UCSD Box Office or at the door. 

The Grove Caffe will also extend textile artist and 
UCSD Professor Faith Ringgold's exhibition, "Celebrat-
ingCulturai Diversity in the American Theater," through 
Sunday. 

For more information, people interested in registering 
for the conference may contact the Contemporary Black 
Arts Program at 534-0670. Registration fees include 
admission to the opening reception on Wednesday, panel 

Calvin and Hobbes 
Q.I TIl\:. O~£ ~O, IrS /to. 
GooD SIGN Rl\l. us ,I.~JI,)rs 
nI/to."\, IN 1\\15 AG~ Of 'iISIJ"l 

B<:MS,l.~I>Io\£N\ ~ I>U. ~ 
/to. Silo\l'lE ~'tJIN<:' c;,t.I 
f'11S:N()I(t /to.~\) 5\0(1:: 'il~ . 
IT COI'IFIR.W" 1I4F>.r IMk*S 

snu. 11/o.'it: ~~. 

1\£ w..~o \>Nl.i' foR. US 
~~~I'\T·G~ \~)";\, ·~RN 
~J''5rs 1'5 I)£CIOINiG ~mI£R. 
OIl. He, m ~I',\Wo.c.£ 
~I~~. 

I 
• • ? 

00 ~ /to.\l.OW oo~ ~CJI.~ Th 8£ 
1111'Et> "l\1> £XPll)Il'C\) IN /to. 

M~\u('E1' 1W-.TS 51"'1'l~ I\IlIG.'i 
~ M. t\£J.I ~'l{ "l\\lt-IG? l)O 
\\\:. P}l.IHlCIP"t£ IN. JI. S'{s~~ 
l'KPir 1\lRt\ "> \\IG\\ Nl.\ 11'\,0 
LO't( />.Itt ~ \1'; 8't~ Sl/Itt 
RlR. M"''>5 CPt{S\)t'.l'TIo!.( ~ 

ft.M.- / \ IY,;' ~-E 
~ " I~ 

"'-

TIlE ~R~ I'Rf. \Jt\\l£\UiITK.I: ! 
f~ (jC EY.I'R£$I~ IS 

S£.I~(, ~l C\\I:.\).' 

The UCSD G uardian 

sessions, light refreshments, and campus parldng pennits. 

TriDelts to Host Benefit Auction for 
Children's Hospital Cancer Research 

The Delta Delta Delta Sorority will host an auction tomor-
row in the Price Center Plaza to benefit cancer research at 
Children's Hospital. The auction, which will be held from 12 
p.m. to 1 :30 pm. in the Price Center Plaza, will include goods 
and services donated by local merchants and students. The 
auction is open to students, faculty, staff, and the public. 

The UCSDTriDeltshave received support from the TriDelts 
at Stanford University, which has sponsored two similar 
auctions in the pasL 

New Religious Studies Major Offered 
UCSD has added a B.A. degree program in Religious 

Studies through F'lfth College. Students selecting the major 
receive broad training in three areas: major religious tradi-
tion ,diversedisciplinaryapproachestothestudyofreligion, 
and an understanding of the issues and problems thatreligioos 
seek to solve. Students examine the texts, symbols, myths, 
rituals, ideas, values, ethical systems, and institutions of 
religious traditions in a cultural and historical context. 

There are three concentrations available within the major: 
Western religions, Asianreligions, and a comparative view of 
religion and culture. For more infonnationabout the Religious 
Studies major, students may refer 10 the General Catalog or 
contact Student Outreach and Recruitment at 534-4831. 

Extension Presents Workshop on 
Legal Rights for Single Partners 

In response to the increasing number of single adults DOW 
living together, UCSD Extension is offering a one-evening 
worlcshop Thursday titled "Legal Rights and Responsibilities 
of Single People Living Together." 

Single partners are often not covered by the same laws that 
mamed couples enjoy, according to workshop instructor 
Stanley Steinberg, a Newpon Beach attorney in private 
practice. 

Steinberg will cover such topics as how to handle bank. 
accounts, rental agreements, the purchase of real estate, and 
how to make medical care and financial decisions for one's 
panner if he or sbe becomes ill. 

"It is essential in today's world that single people living 
together learn how to protect their rights and those of their 
single panners," said Steinberg. 

The workshop will be held from 6:30p.m. to 9:30 p.m. 
Thursday in UCSD's Peterson Hall on the Third College 

1141';, DAA'tII~G t DID OiNI(ij')l~ 
c\\~ll£t\G~ lI£ ~.~\\IG 

COIA.l'tAC.~.lK'{ Of 1\\OSE ~ 
PREIU. sm. ~DIG£S\ED, 

8\)COUc, 
....:00 __ \ Gt~£~. 

by Bill Watterson 

tIo5TL~ 1'1'( 
Dl/AOI II'IG M :t'. 
OVRI'*' M"nl . 

\ 

, .. _rr.>o~ 
,-

Monday, November 5,1990 

campus. 1be fee is $10. For further details or to enroll by 
telephone, call UCSD Extension at 534-3400. 

Campus Journal Sponsors Free 
Poetry Reading at Grove Caffe 

ABBDABBS,acampusjoumalofLiteratureandArts, 
is sponsoring a freepoeny reading on Nov. 13 from 4 p.m. 
to 6 p.m. at the Grove Caffe. For more information contact 
Lianna McSwain at 755-3943. 

Specialists to Participate In IRIPS 
Symposium on Future of China 

Some ofJapan and Arnerica'smost well known China 
specialists will participarein anall-day international sym-
posium Saturday at UCSD in the School of l ntemational 
Relations and Pacific Studies (tRIPS) auditorium. 

TitJed''Compara!ive Japaneseand American Views on 
the Future ofOUna: An International Symposium," the 
conference, whlchruns from9:00a.m.105:30p.m., is free 
and open 10 the public. 

The symposium will include discussion from 25 
prominentChinaspecialists from the United States and the 
PacifIC Rim. The topics to be examined include policies 
toward China since the Tiananmen Square massacre, the 
loss of Communist legitimacy in China, and perspectives 
on China's future international relations. 

Variety of Dramatic Productions 
Scheduled by Theatre Department 

The UCSD Theatre Department bas announced its fall 
scheduleofspecialeveDts. From Wednesday to Saturday, 
faculty member Steven Adler will stage a production of 
Victoria Hardie's "Sleeping Nightie." 

The Undergraduate Plays in Progress (UG PIP), a new 
program for the Theatre Depanment, will present an 
untitled piece by Brettl.eonard on Nov. 14-17. The first 
PIP selected for the 1990-91 year will be "The Seventh 
Day" by Kevin Kreiger on Dec. 5-8. 

Tickets for each of the three productions are $5 at the 
door only. There are no advance sales and seating is very 
limited. For more information call 534-4574 for a re-
corded message. 

From Wednesday 10 Sunday, the Theatre Department 
will also stage Craig Lucas' play "Reckless" at the Warren 
Theatre. 

Tickets for "Reckless" are available from the UCSD 
Price Center Box Office for $12 general admission, $10 
seniors, and,$6 students. 

GuirklJIAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In ChIef 
ROBIN MACLEAN, Managing Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, AssoclBte Sports Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Sports Editor 
JAMES COLUER, Design Editor 
GREG DIXON, AssocIBte Opinion Editor 
BILL DOWlER, Copy Editor 
MEUNDA HAMILTON, ASSOCiate News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, Associate News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, AaocIate Arts Editor 
CHRISTlNA HUIZAR, Associate Arts Editor 
PETER KO, AssocIBte Sports Editor 
J ENNFER KOLSKY, ~ Editor 
KENT KOAZON, ASfocIBte Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, AnalEntertalnment EdItor 
MEL MARCELO, AssocIBte GraphIcs Editor 
SANGEET A MEHTA, Associete Features Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AssoclBte Photo Editor 
JUUE PUZON, FNturN Editor 
JEFF OUAN, Gnlphb Editor 
JASON SNELL, News Editor 
RIMAS UZGlRlS, Photo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, Associate Features Editor 
JE,.,..FER YANCEY, AftsIEnleftUJment Editor 

BOB DeANDREA, Buslne .. Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising MllfJager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 
E. LEIGH HENRY, C/a .. ltled R.",.slIIIntatlve 
-... Aopo_ ..... : Kema _ , Sheny F~, Tom SctInf. 00ug SIIadcIt 
--._l.e ...... BoIongot.o-I ¢aM. __ , Pa<IoV_ 

~1<.oS. WIW1\l , .kIeLte 

Monday, November 5, 1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Soft Reserves Line Stretches Into Mid-Quarter 
• Successful recruitment campaign brings in 
more business than campus service can handle 
By Eric Schmidt 
Staff Writer 

To students who have endured the nu-
merous lines at UCSD, a 15- to 20- minute 
line at UCSD's Soft Reserves Service at the 
beginning of the quarter may seem like just 
another small hassle. 

This year long lines at Soft Reserves have 
continued through the middle ofFal I Quarter. 
And, if that was notenough to irritate students, 
the course readers that many expected to pick 
up were often unavailable. 

Soft Reserves Manager Caron Coke ex-
plained that increased business extended lines 
two to three weeks longer than normal this 
quarter. 

"Professors are bringing in more packets 
than last year," she said. 

The increase in volume has caused a 
shortage of staff at the register windows to 
handle the increasing flow of students, ac-
cording to Coke. 

"We were not staffed to open all the reg-
isters at all times," Coke explained. 

The secret of the recent success of Soft 
Reserves lies in a recruitment scheme which 
Coke said began last year. Soft Reserves 
staffers visited aU the departments at UCSD 
to pUlJ their business away from Kinko's 
Copy Center, a nearby off-campus business 
used by many UCSD professors. 

"We were trying to give Kinko ' s a run for 
their money," Coke said. 

Soft Reserves has attracted more business 
because some professors switched after be-
coming annoyed with errors normally in-
volved with copying. Soft Reserves recruit-
ers claim that their copies "don't run off the 
page." 

But Coke added that the on campus service 
does make errors, so business fluctuates con-
stantly. 

Professors have also found Soft Reserves 
to be more convenient for both students and 
themselves, according to Coke. 

Mathematics Department professors all 
use Soft Reserves independently because of 
convenience, adepartment representative said. 

The Communication Department is one of 
the departments that was heavily recruited by 
Soft Reserves for this quarter. Over the past 
few years, Communication has switched back 
and forth from Kinko's to Soft Reserves. 

According to a Communication Depart-
ment representative, the department recom-
mends that professors use Soft Reserves. 
However, many professors still use Kinko' s. 

"Ifprofessors are not sure which to use, we 
tell them to go through Soft Reserves," the 
representati ve said. 

The Communication Department previ-
ously used Kinko's because they would re-
search copyright permission for the profes-
sors. Now Soft Reserves also provides this 
service. 

According to Kinko's Professional Pub-
lications Coordinator Andrew Holemon, 
Kinko's has not experienced any lapse in 
business this year. 

Though Winter and Spring Quarters usu-
ally provide more business for Kinko's, "in 
general, we're hav ing a relati vel y busy year," 
Holemon said. In addition, according to 
Holemon, Kinko's did not experience the 
same staff shortages as Soft Reserves. 

"We always tty to have extra people around 
at the beginning of the quarter," Holeman 
said. 

CELEBRA nNG 10 YEARS OF SERVICE 

UCSD SPECIALS 
I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
~ Mltsublah. Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $35 *(reg. $55) 
1. Spar1< plugs eNr rune up incfudes a lot mors thWi othsrs. It includes: 
2. Distribulor points 6. Clean & replenish an fluid & oil levels 10. Ched< undercarriage for damages 
3. Condensers 7. Check blakes 11. Ched< cooing syslem & hoses 
4. Adjusl timing 8. Check clutch 12. Road lest 
5. AdjuSl dwell angle 9. Check lighls 

,~~oint ~~jp!!e~~t;.~ecial l!~~· 
2. Valve a~ustment 11 . Aqust timing 21. CI1eck & replenish all 28. CI1eck IIId redlarge 

Replace: 12. Adjust dwell angle fttJld and oillevels bane<y, if necessary 
3. Valve cover gaskel 13. A~ust carburelor 22. CIIeck ele1ricaJ system 29. Rolale tires (~ needed) 
4. Spall< plugs 14. A*st Sleering box 23. Check lor loose or Ios1 30. Check tire pressure 
5. Distributor poinls 15. AdjIJs air & luel ralio mix bolls 31. lube doc! hinges 
6. Condensers, 16. A~ust clutch 24. CI1eck brakes 32. CI1eck OIl holders 
7. Air Met, 17. Adjust brakes 25. Ched< clulch 33. CI1eckccooling syslem & 
8. OilfiHer, 18. A*st emergency brakes 26. CI1eck tights hoses 
9. Gas fiker, and 19. CI1eck & adjust exposad 27. CI1eck undercarriage for 34. CI1eck exhaust syslem 
10. Engine oi bells damages 35. Road lest 

20. lube Iront end 

~.: F«6~~c~,;;pi;i;· CI~t~8hj;b $169 * 
We replace: 

1. Transmission Input shah seal (except 4. Throwoot bearing Note: Hydraufic paris Ir'e not covered. 
Hondas 5. Pilol belr'ings Not for 4WD. Fronl wheel drive eXIra. 

2. Pressure plate 6. New transmission oil • 
3. Clulch disc 7. Road lest 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
Front or rfl8f. Bral<e job includes: 

1. !nstaH $pedal new. pads or install rear brake shoes 5. Bleed entire brake sys1em 
2. Drain old brake fluid 6. AdjIJsllront ~I drums) <rid rear shoes 
3. Inspect complete hydraulic syslem 7. Replace front rotor seals 01 rotor turn) 
4. Relil hydraulic fluid B. Road lest 

~t: Hydraulic portS ar8 notilcluded 

Brand ... W ...... Ask IIbout our epeel .. FlIt .. for ........ ow ....... l .. 
All our work ..... 2., .. or ao,OOCHnIIe Hmlted w ....... ty. 

All prices Include perb ..... labor. 

O,a..~ (,most cars) ~ ~ 8008 Miramar Rd . • ...1990 
AuUnotlvl Rlpai. Offer good llYough Dec. 5, t990 with this ad. Gail lor appointment. 
•••••••• Towing and rental car available. Monday·Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm. Open Saturday 

Dan C ri pe/Guardian 
Students wait in line in front of the Associated Students' Soft Reserves Service, 
plagued by delays this year due to an increase in volume from campus departments. 

Kinko's has also begun using recycled 
paper, Holemon added. 

Kinko's maintains good relations with 
many publishers, and so they often pay lower 
royalty fees to them, Holemon said Lower 
copyright fees may contribute to some lower 
prices at Kinko's. 

New business from other departments has 
swamped the on-campus graphics service, 
delaying the arrival of materials at Soft Re-
serves for up to two days. 

Late materials have frustrated students, 
who have often waited in line for 20 minutes 
to get their materials. 

Coke is searching for a reasonably priced 
off -campus reproduction service to take some 
of the burden off Soft Reserves. 

For now, however, Coke recommends 
looking through the current list to see if the 

COUl~e materials sought are available. 
If students have already waited in line for 

certain unavailable materials, they may dash 
to an open window without standing in line, 
she said. 

Soft Reserves, a student-staffed service of 
the Associated Students, will have more 
windows open during the Winter Quarter to 
handle the rush, according to Coke. 

~~W> ~lR<~ [L 
[Q)rn$~@[N] ~[R{ 
~©lM[g 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

0-90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

• Tweeds • B.U.M. Equipment 
• Big Dog • Limited Express 

r-----------------------, 
I 1 0°% 0 F F With this ad. I I 0 Cash purchases only. I 
I Expires 11/12/90. I L _______________________ ~ 

Wed.-Sat. 11am-6pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5pm 

• APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE, 
8250 Camino Santa Fe 

Miramar. California 
(619)-450-3323 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PH1L GRUEN, Edilor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN, Managing Edilor 
JASON SNELL, News Edilor 
BE BOYCHUK, Opinion Edilor 

1M UCSD Guardian IS published Ihree times I wed. al the Univenny of Califonua. San Ole&o. 
Conlcnts 01990. Views bpressed herein represent the majority VOlC:orlhetdlllOnal board. and are 
not neceuanl)' those of lhe UC Board of Regents. the ASUCSD. nor- the enore Guordia" slafT. 

BALLOT ENDORSEMENTS 

Editorial Board Selections 
The general election is lOmorrow, and voters will be asked to 

make some very important choices. In addition to numerous ballot 
initiatives dealing at length withenvirorunental issues, voters will 
beasked to decide iflimits shouldbeplacedonthetenns of elected 
officials, if millions of dollars in bonds should be i sued to fund 
state projects, and if taxes on alcohol should be raised. Voters will 
also be charged with the task of electing a new governor. While 
many of these initiatives will have broad effects on voters in 
general, a few - such as the higher education facilities bond act, 
and the alcohol tax - will directly affect students. 

The Governor: Pete Wilson. The 1990 gubernatorial race 
has cenainly been one of the most interesting contests in recent 
memory. While lacking the fireworks of the Texas race between 
Clayton Williams and Ann Richards, the Califomia race has had 
Its fair share of mud-slinging and name-calling. However, silly 
qrnpaign commercials aside, there is little question that Pete 
Wilson i the bener candidate. Both candidates share similar, 
"safe" stances on such issues as abortion and education. Both 
Feinsteinand Wilson are pro-choice, andhaveeducanonal reform 
at thetopoftheirexecutiveagendas. What makes Wilson the more 
appealing candidate is that, on the whole, he is a moderate, and 
seems to be much more competent. Feinstein's campaign seems 
to be riding entirely on her gender. Other than that, she has little to 
offer. 

As any native of San Francisco will tell you, Feinstein single-
handedly ran the city's economy into the ground with excessive 
spending coupled with excessively high taxes. This is where the 
twocandidatesdiffer: S imply put, Wilson iscompetentenough lo 
implement his plans and Feinstein is far from competent enough 
to implement hers. 

Proposition 143 - Higher Ed ucation Facilities Bond Act: 
No Endorsement Proposition 143 provides for a bond issue of 
$450milliontoprovidefundsfortheconstructionorimprovement 
of facilities for California's public higher education instirutions. 
The outcome of this initiative would directly affect the UC by 
eitherproviding the university with additional funds to help offset 
future construction and structural inlprovement costs, or placing 
the total cost burden on the Uc. This initiative is a double-edged 
sword. 

On one hand, the UC is faced with a budget shortfall in excess 
of $160 million. If anything. the additional funding might help 
various campus planners sleep better at night. Also, the money 
provided from bond revenues would help fund buildings already 
in the planning stages. Facilities such as the proposed new Visual 
Ans building would benefit from this bond act. If additional funds 
are not made available, student fees could increase. 

On the other hand, 143 is yet another bond initiati ve. Bonds are 
an easy way for the state to pick up some quick revenue for its 
various pet projects, paying the money back - with interest -
overthe next twenty years. The state is so often of need of cash that 
it has to raise taxes to payoff the bond interest. In addition, voters 
must not soon forget that they approved nearly $900 million in 
bonds last June for higher education by passing Propositions III 
and 121, $450 million of which was pecificallyearmarked for 
facilities construction and improvement. Proposition 143 has its 
good and bad points. TheGLlwdionEdilorial Board was divided 
on this issue, and therefore will neither support nor condellU1 this 
initiative. 

Propositions 126 and 134 - Alcohol Taxes: No. Other than 
the fact that these initiati ves would put a serious cramp in the 
budgets of a majority of the student body, both of these initiatives 
are just plain bad. Proposition 134 would impose a "nickel-a-
drink" surtax on alcoholic beverages. Revenues are supposed to 
be putlowardalcohol awareness programs. However, the initiative 
calJs for automatic budget allocations of several hundred million 
dollars, whether or not the revenue is available. Prop. 134 would 
cost more money than it would raise. Proposition I 26 is the liquor 
indUSll)" S answertoProposition 134. h is a feeble anempt by the 
industtytoprotect its interests while raisinga little extra money for 
the state to combat the evils of alcchol abuse. Any initiative put 
fonh by an indUSll)' dealing with its own product is suspect. 
Neither of these initiatives are capable of keeping what they 
promise. We urge a "110" vote on both. 

Propoiition 131 - Tenn Limits, Matching Funds: No. 
PI'opoStion 140 - Term Limits: Yes. V Olers will really have 

OPINION 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 5, 1990 

• The following are the Guardian endorsements for the California ballot: 

Governor's Race 
~ Pete Wilson Dianne Feinstein D 

Pro osition CI Pound Animals used for UCSD Research 
Ii1Yes NoD 

Pro osition 1261 Alcohol Tax 
D Yes No~ 

Pro osition 128/"Big Green" 
D Yes No~ 

Pro osition 1301 "Forests Forever" 
~Yes No D 

Pro osition 1311 Term Limits, Matchin Funds 
D Yes No~ 

Pro osition 1341 Alcohol Tax 
D Yes No III 

Pro osition 138/"Big Stump" 
D Yes No0 

Pro osition 140/ Term Limits 
III Yes NoD 

Pro osition 1431 Higher Education Facilities Bond Act 
o No endorsement 

the opportunity to express their dissatisfaction with the present 
electoral system by voting on two initiatives concerning tenn 
limits of elected officials. The two initiatives-Propositions 131 
and 140-arequitedifferent.Prop.131 imposesanumberoftenn 
limits - three four-year terms for a state senalOr, and two four-
year tenns for governor, for example-but counters those limits 
with state matching funds. 

The theory behind granting matching funds is that political 
candidates will have neutral state funds, rather than potentially 
influential funds from special-interest groups. In practice, this 
would mean more strain on the taxpayers and the over-stressed 
General Fund. Taxpayers should not be obliged to pay for the 
campaigns of political hacks who have raised enough money to 
recei ve even more to finance what has amounted in recent years 
to nothing more thanaseriesofhigh-pricedmud-slingingcontests. 

Proposition 140 not only limits tenns, but retirement benefits 
and pensions for politicians, as well. Proposition 140 goes directly 
for the throats of career politicians by taking away the security of 
knowing they had a guaranteed job for 20 or 30 years if they 
happened to have a safe district. We urge a "yes" vote on 
Proposition 140 and a "no" on Proposition 131. 

Proposition 130 - "Forests Forever": Yes. Proposition 
138 - ''Big Stump": No. Of the seerningly endless flood of 
environmental initiatives on the ballot tomorrow, only Proposi-
tion 130-commonly known as "Forests Forever" - seems to 
make sense. Unlike its broad-based brother, Big Green, Forests 
Forever has a singularity of purpose: save the trees now. Proposi-
tion 130 would issueover $700million in bonds forthe acquisi tion 
of forests, including the nearl y-decirnated old-growth redwoods. 
WhiJebondsaregeneraJlyevil,Proposition I 30 is an exception to 
the rule. It would buy thousands of acres of trees, provide 
sanctuary for numerous endangered species, and curb logging 
operations. Proposition 138,on theotherhand, isajoke.lt is a ploy 
by the logging indusll)' to impose regulations on itself. Like 
Proposition 126, any anempt by a particular industry to promote 
legislation concerning itself must be looked at with extreme 
prejudice. In fact, loopholes in Proposition 138 will allow the 
timber business to continue as usual, and would counteract 
Proposition 130ifitreceivedmorevotes. Deforestation in Califor-
nia would nO! be greatly curbed by Proposition 138. We urge a 
''yes'' vote on Proposition 130 and "110" on 138. Proposition 130 
is the only sane environmental initiative on the ballot 

PHil 'S RECORD IS 3-4 

PRIME 
PICKS 

BY PHIL GRUEN 

CALIFORNIA GOVERNOR 
FAYORITE lJ.ME 
W/LSO *2% 

UNDERDOG 
FEINSTELN 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS ... How depressing. A campaign that could have 
centered around issues - that could have been run on the candidates' 
merits - has turned into a campaign against the candidates' merits. It 
must be clear to everybody, by now, that this campaign has been run on 
television - and that this television campaign has nearly run Feinstein 
into the ground. Not that she had a chance anyway, but the fa.;t that 
Feinsteins' campaign appeared to point out why not to vote for Wilson 
might as well automatically eliminate her. Of course, Wilson is nol 
exempt from this accusation - his television ads have also attacked Feinstein - but at least he's 
halfway competent. And, well, he 's a Republican. And if nothing else, that should be enough. 
PHIL SAYS .. . 

TAKE WILSON 
• Unofficial hne: from Two Beers/rom Obln'ion , La Jolla, CA 

Monday, November 5, 1990 

Prop C Misses the Point 
Editor: 

Why does UCSDsupport Propo-
sition C? P.ropaganda put out by The 
Comminee for Understanding Re-
search and Education (C.U.R.E.), 
the "yes on C" group, reveals the 
true agenda-UCSD is determined 
to go to any lengths to avoid any 
semblance of a victory for "animal 
rights fanatics". 

It is incredible that UCSD can 

maintain this stance when pound 
dogs are not necessary for research, 
and pound seizure so compromises 
our tax-supported shelter system. 

Less than onehalfof I percent of 
the animals UCSD uses in research 
are pound dogs. Former UCSD 
campus vets Jack and Sharon 
Vanderlip wrote in the journal Lab 
Animal several years ago that UCSD 
was fulJy capable of breeding all the 
dogs it needed, and that "the quality 
was far better thail any of those 
obtained from county pounds." 

Five years ago, UCSD used ap-
proximately 200 pound cats and 1000 
pound dogs yearly. UCSDnowuses 
no pound cats, only purpose-bred 
ones, and pound dog use has de-
clined 60 percent;. 30 percent of the 
dogs used by UCSD are now pur-
pose-bred. UCSD publicly proclaims 
the necessity of pound seizure, but 
in private it progressively abandons 
the use of pound dogs due to their 
scientific unreliability. 

Research is a science of studying 
controlled variables. Pound dogs are 
a confusing, uncontrolled variable. 
Their age, genetic health and envi-
ronmental history are unknown. This 

REGENTS' BEACH 

profusion of undefined variables 
makes it difficult to scientifically 
analyze results obtained from pou nd 
dog studies. A further complicating 
factor is that scientific studies have 

re~atedly shown that pound dogs 
in die lab are under ex treme stress, 
which skews research results. 

Researchers claim that genetic 
variability is essential to research. 
However, genetic variability can be 
bred, just as is done with "random 
outbred" strains of research rodents. 
Then, the genetic, environmental, 
and health history of the animal are 
controlled, not unknown. 

Every scientific study that has 
compared the scientific validity of 
pound versus purpose-bred dog re-
search has found pound dogs lo be 
inferior. 

The National Institute of Health 
(NIH) has been unable to document 
any research project that required 
pound dogs as a necessary model. 
Scientific criticism of pound sei-
zure has been supported by, among 
others, the World Health Organiza-
tion, and Laboratory Animal Sci-
ence Association. 

A poll of members of the Ameri-
can Association for Laboratory 
Animal Science found that 75 per-
cent of its members agreed that pur-
pose-bred dogs produced more reli-
able research results than pound 
dogs. 

UCSD claims that the abolition 
of pound seizure may bankrupt re-
search. First, we must decide if our 
priority should be cheap research or 
good research. Second. NUl already 
provides UCSD with up to $350 in 
tax dollars for every dog purchased 
underanNllIgrant,althoughUCSD 
pays the pound only $55 per dog, 

Even with these NUl-inflated 
prices, pound dog purchase amounts 
to only about three percent of the 
costs in each grant that uses them, 
and only .003 percent of UCSD's 
total NIH research budget. 

-ykw./, IN A 
~D WIt(, 

~'M C?a?IN6 
fO MISS 
-rHe.Se- MJS. 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSDhasalsobeenlaxinpound 
dog care. Over the past nine years, 
over 90 percent of inspections by 
the U.S. Department of Agriculture 
have found violation of the Animal 
Welfare Act's minimal standards 
for research animal care. In 1990, 
failure to follow veterinary protocol 
led to the deaths by neglect of dogs 
in at least three projects. 

We all support animal control 
with our tax dollars. In return, we 
should expect it to operate in the 
most effective way possible. Pound 
seizure undermines this purpose. 

In a country-wide poll, 93 per-
cent of shelters agreed that pound 
seizure hurt public relations. The 
Deparrment of Animal Control ad-
mits that public support of its work 
would increase ifpoundseizure were 
stopped_ 

Pound seizures drive off those 
who it most needs to support its 
programs, those citizens concerned 
with animal welfare. 

These people wiIJ refuse to rei i n-
quish strays 10 Animal Control, since 
they may be sold for research. It also 
hinders relations with the other 
shelters in the county who do not 
participate in pound seizure, and are 
disgusted with the county for doing 
so. 

Lastly, eight of ten cities who 
contract with ¢.e county for animal 
control have threatened to leave the 
COunty program because of pound 
seizure; a potential loss of over 
$500,000 in revenue tO lthe county. 

San Diego should join the 54 of 
58 California county departments 
of animal control who have stopped 
selling pets to labs. With a defeat of 
Prop. C, we can have better shelters 
and bener science. 

Cris Waller 

ByCAVNA 

OPINION 5 

SOMETHING FUN IS BREWING IN LA JOLLA 

• lunch t 
• Di.... -1,.." 1 1-...... -
• Oyster Bar ">l! ~ .s 
• 21/w student 10 ~ ... 

.... 

Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-12 pm. Fri.-Sat. 11 am-2 am 

Robert's Auto 
German, Swedish 
Japanese Service 

• All Work Fully 'Guaranteed 
• Factofy-Trained Specialists 

(619)275·1132 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-6:30 pm 
Saturday. 8 am-6 pm 

-

4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

--------------------

10% OFF 
on all repairs· with this coupon 

"E_pl moIor and lran&miuion olN!rhiJul. Not valid with any alMr coupon. 

MOTIVATIONAL 
TAPE CENTER 

IIInvest in yourself'1 

INCREASE-
Concentration 

Memory • Study Habits • Learning 
REDUCE STRESS • LOSE WEIGHT 

SUBUMI TAL MOTIVATION • "NEW AGE" MUSIC 

~------------------~ I 
I 
I 
I 

FREE TAPE 
Introductory Special: Come in and get 

"Incredible You" 

I 
I 
I 
I 

~------------------~ 10% Student Discount with ID 
Audio & Video Cassette Tapes 

• Recording • Duplication • Sales 

La Jolla Village Square/Upper Mall 
8657 Villa La Jolla Drive, uite 203 • (619) SS7-TAPE 



6 OPINION 

Wmatrix· 

Women's Precision Cuts ................ $18.00 
Men's Precision Cut ....................... $14.00 
~----------~-------, 
: 10% OFF PE~M OR eOtOR : 

For Q IImt8d lima with student 10. Not valid with at'( other o1Ier. L __________________ ~ 

~5r~ ml-5 
A full service salon 

La Jolla Village Square 
MON.-FRI. 10-9; SAT. 11-5. 455-1700 

A neighhomood hamburger, fries & malt shop in the old style tradition. 

L A J o L L A 
7863 GIRARD AVE. 
comer of Wall & Girard 456-4001 

•••••••••••••••••••• 

: FREE "ORIGINAL" HAMBURGER: 
: with purchase of same : 
• • 
• SpociaI oIIor wlid at '" .lola IIont en No.omb. 5 • 
• & 6 '*-' 6 p.m. and !/t. One coupon per • 
• ."..,Ie. 0II00r ..biect 10 '~Iy. Must pment • 
• ~ at lime of purchaoe. Dine in only. • 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

MODEL 
AUDITIONS 
Nouveau Model Talent Management 
will be on campus on ~ednesd.aYI November 7th 11 am-2 pm 
in the Multi-Purpose Room in the Career Information Center. 

NEW FACES NEEDED FOR THE SEASON FOR 
• Print Advertising • Fashion Shows 
• Commercia1 Work· Promotional Work 

Nut' \t:All Women must be 5'4" to 5'11" 
Men must be 5'11" to 6'3" 
• Bring a recent photograph 
• No experience necessary. NO FEE 

CALL 453-2727 FOR FURTHER INFO 

The UCSD Guardian 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Bonds Are Dangerous 
Editor : 

Elections are approaching and 
boy is California about to get 
screwed. 

People are about to vote on 
some issues that could take large 
steps toward driving California to 
bankruptcy. 

How? 
They are called initiative- bond 

acts. 
The idea behind these initia-

tives is good. They allow neces-
sary laws, such as Proposition 13, 
to be brought directly to the 
people. 

Today, however, the bond acts 
are used simply to allow politi-
cians to waste even more money 
on their "pet projects." 

Although the needs might be 
genuine , nothing is going to be 
solved by creating a state deficit 
to replace our national deficit. 
That will just leave even less 
money to spend on vital needs in 

the future. 
For every dollar pent on a 

good cause through bond acts, we 
have to pay back almost two 
dollars. 

These two future dollars.are 
going to come directly out of other 
crucial government spending, and 
it doesn 'I take a mathematician to 
figure out that this is a pretty poor 
deal! 

We already have a $6.6 billion 
state deficit. This round of bonds 
will drive it to at least $20.4 bil-
lion. $20.4 billion! As our na-
tional government is finding, this 
is absolute ruin! 

Please vote no on all bond acts! 
They all sound good but they 

will ruin this state! If you want to 
support a good cause (such as Big 
Green), write your congressman 
and fight to have it put on the 
normal budget. Don't do it with 
bonds. . 

Eric Karicb 

Monday, November 5, 1990 

Are We 
EstabIiJhment 

WltatDo You 
'IhinIc? 

The UCSD Guardian 
• ... elc:IOIil. )OK IetIen and 

COIMI8I=-~1et­:.~ Iocr of f1e :t 
~ CenIer, ciba.e the 
GeneIaI Store) or mail itt): 

Opinion ecaa 
Gucudian 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La JoIo, CA 920930316 
:.~~~ 
indude a ~nafure and a 
phonerunbW.lkIsignedlet-
I8rs Wl1 not be printBd. w. 
reser.<e .. right to edit for 
IengII and clcJrity, 

CAT Info Day, Monday, Nov 5th. 
Come and buy the 
New MeAT Student Manuals! 
Yes, we've got 'em. Come by today to find out about Hypedeaming's 
intensive approach to the new MeAT, and 1.S.S.0. plans for this 
academic year. Seating is limited. Sponsored by: 

LIIO 
Life' Sciences' Student· Organization 

Price Center, Gallery B (above EDNA), 4:00 to 5:00 pm 
..L1U. __ .-_1.-___ .. _... For details, call 

L711.JJ-I1lf:1 ·/lIf:t::Il ., III '!:/ 455-1000 

HAIR DESIGNS 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(NeKI 10 Vons) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Nfl", 10 Plna Hut) 56&6100 

UNlVERSnY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Aaoss from Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT. NOT NECF.ISARY 
MANICURIST AIfAII.A8LE 

FEATURES 
7 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

LETHAL 

SHOWCASE 

Photographs by JennHer Kolsky/Guardian 
An assortment of knives, guns, maces, nunchukas, and other arms confiscated by the UCSD Campus Police. 

Officer Michael Kizzee displays confiscated medeivaf weaponry. 

III Heavy artillery: 
confiscated arms at 
UCSD Police Dept. 
By Kent Korzon 
Staff Writer 

Spread out on the table and leaning against the wall 
was a small arsenal. 

Maces, knives, clubs, nunchukas, and a sword 
shared a space with pistols, rifles, and a shotgun, 

"That entire box of ammo came from some guy 
who was cruising campus," UCSD Police Detective 
Bao Luu said, pointing to a box filled with hundreds 
of rounds of ammunition. 

The ammunition was confiscated along with 
several rifles, a handgun, and explosives from an 
individual in a pickup truck al 3 a.m. one morning 
near the Engineering Building. 

These weapons, and others confiscated by UCSD 
Police, are held in the evidence locker at the UCSD 
Campus Police Station, which is located just west of 
the Price Center. 

Confiscated weapons are stored in the locker until 
there is no more room for them, after which they are 
destroyed, according to UCSD Police officer Randy 
Fedak . 

Laws involving weapons are stricter at UCSD than 
off-campus. 

Weapons of any kind are prohibited at all public 
schools in California. 

See ARTILLERY, Page 8 

Monday, November 5, 1990 

Student 
Military 
Invasion 
• Enlisted -
ordered to learn 
By Debra Bronstein 
Guardian Reporter 

The Bugle sounds. It's 4 a.m. 
Inspection is at 4:45 a.m. Atten-
tion! You run six miles, climb 
ropes, crawl through the mud, and 
jump hurdles. You shower, and 
then you attend classe s. For 
Revelle senior Dave Persky and 
Revelle first-year student Kevin 
Guerrero, this is a way of life. 

Both Guerrero and Persky be-
came interested in the military ata 
young age. 

"I wanted to be a naval pilot 
long before 'Top Gun,'" joked 
Persky, the Officer in Commandof 
UCSD's Naval Reserve Officers' 
Training Corps (NROTC) pro-
gram. 

The dream of serving their 
country led Guerrero and Persky 
to the NROTC, which trains fu-
ture officers for the Navy and 
Marine Corps while they are en-
rolled at UCSD. 

After the applicants are ac-
cepted into the program, either on 
a scholarship or their own funds, 
they must spend one week in ori-
entation training over the sum-
mer. 

According to Guerrero, orien-
tation is like boot camp. 

"It is the longest week of your 
life. But you make the transition 
very quickly. You arrive in civil-
ian clothes, put your bags at the 
end of the line, and suddenly find 
yourself being yelled at because 
you are standing on ' their ' [the 
military's) grass," he said. 

During orientation, the train-
ees spend their time learning how 
to stand correctly, how to wake-
up at the crack of dawn, and how 
to do push-up after push-up for 
mistakes they sometimes do not 
even know they are making. 

"Because orientation is the first 
thing you ever do, it teaches you 
what to do and how to act. And in 
the beginning you do everything 
wrong," explained Persky. "Once 
you survive the initial jolt, you 
learn how to cope. You learn how 
to think on your feet, under pres-
sure. You know you can getlhings 
done in seconds if you can just 
keep your head cool. You learn to 
handle the stress because the de-
sire to make it through the week 
dri ves you to succeed." 

Both Persky and Guerrero be-
lieve that orientation changed their 
lives. "By the end of the week 
things really start to click. Orien-
tation got people to work as a 
team. We became a family even 
though wedid not know each other 
before," aid Guerrero. 

If prospective officers survive 
orientation, they then go to the 
University of San Diego where 
they take naval science classes, 
attend lectures, and drill several 
time a week. 

UCSDdoes not havea NROTC 
unit. 

See MILITARY. Page B 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 5, 1990 

MILITARY: Enlisted students describe NROTC experience 
Continued from page 7 

During the summer they un-
dergo intensive training to learn 
what the Navy is really like. 

The summer program provide 
the young men and women an 
inside look at the Navy and Ma-
rines. On cruise they learn , among 
many otherthing ,the fundamen-
tals of shiphandling, how to u e 
M-16 semi-automatic rifles, and 
to drive tanks. 

For Persky, summer cruise is 
the most incredible experience. 

"I was able to fly in the F- 18, 
one of the newest fighters . I 
thought to myself, ' How can I sit 
behind a desk when 1 can be out 
here pushing the sound barrierT 
It was so intense. To stand on an 
aircraft carrier watching the fight-
ers take off and land, and to par-
ticipate in running the equipment 

is amazing," he said. 
Yet, Persky warns 

that although it is usu-
ally the greattimes you 
re member, there is a 
lot of hard work that 
goes into it. It is not all 
fun and games. 

"Everything is very 
serious busines s. 
There's a lot to learn 
in order to become 
proficien t in any given 
thing. You canjeopar-
dize the entire maneu-
ver in a matter of sec-
onds if you are not 
careful. That is why 
we must take so many 
classes on water sur-
vival, aviation, physi-
ology. etc. " Persky 
said. 

As a f reshman , 
Guerrero has not yet 
had the experience of 
s ummer cruise. But. he 
said, "There's no way 
I'm not going to do 
this stuff." 

Once the officers in 
traIning make it 
through orientation. a 
year of NROTC pro-
grams and s ummer 
cruises, they begin to 
see how the Navy operates. 

"The typical perception of the 
military is an illusion. People al-
ways picture it like orientation. 
But the officers know that things 
won't get done if you ' re constantly 
being yelled at. We need to take 
c are of our people. If there is a 
problem. we try to solve itthrough 
friendship. W e are a family. a 
team." commented Persky. 

FREE FRIES 
Bnr.g :h:s ad 8~ yc~r nexl V:S.' C:1C :eCE.vE o::e c'der c! 

American Fr:es FREE when yeu orce: :r. Ongma; or a 0: 2 

DELMAR 
The authentic HamburgerjMalt Shop 

• H~wgers • American Fries • Chili 
• Sandwiches. Pies • Malts • Shakes • Floats 

Now Near Your Campus 
Del Mar Plaza - Street Level 1555 Cczmlno Del Mar. 755-1954 

Sun.-ThUlS. 11-10 • Fri. 8< Sat. I1·Midnight 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation. 

Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
1£ interested, call 534·4955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534·6847. 

One of the best aspects of the 
military for both Persky and 
Guerrero is the social scene. One 
of the most important lessons they 
learned from the ROTC is how to 
manage their time. There is a time 
for drill , a time for schoolwork, 
and a time for partying and social -
izing. 

"A big part of the military is 
friendship . Even with your supe-

-~ 

- • • . --- ; .. ,- ,=,;..:;.~,:;=", 
-.. .. : t~ ~ 

Jeff QuaniGuardian 

riors . the same guys who are 
screaming at you during the day 
are out there partying with you at 
night." elaborated Guerrero. 

Overall , the NROTC has been 
an excellent growing experience 
for Persky and Guerrero. As 
Guerrero explained, "TheNROTC 
teaches you three main things. 
Number one - how to handle 
stress and learn time management. 

umber two - leadership. And 
number three - how to deal wi th 
responsibility. " 

According to Persky. the edu-
cation that the NROTC has to 
offer is unsurpassable. In train-
ing, you learn how to become part 
of a team; you learn to trust others 
with your life. 

" You don ' t go in as a naval 
officer. You come out as one," he 
said. 

ARTILLERY 
Continued from page 7 

This means that a gun. in-
cluding a BB gun, which could 
be kept legaUy at an off-campus 
residence cannot be stored at an on-
campus residence. 

Because not aU students realize 
this until they move on-campus, the 
UCSD Police have had students 
bring in their guns to be tored tem-
porarily. 

The UCSD Police will hold a 
gun for a student until the student 
can take it home. This happens a 
few times a year. police said. 

Many guns have been confis-
cated by police at UCSD. 

"A guy at drum-major camp 
brought a sawed-off shotgun to 
UCSD," Luu said. After he bran-
dished it in front of roommates. they 
called the police, who confiscated 
it. according to law. 

That was not the only time this 
kind of thing happened. A couple of 
years ago. an ex-Koala staffer. who 
wishes to remain anonymous. had 
an idea for a photo-shoot: skeet-
shooting at the Hump. 

He said he brought an unloaded. 
legally-owned shotgun to campus 
as a prop, not aware that this was 

See ARTILLERY. Page 8 

Monday, November 5,1990 

ARTILLERY 
Continued from page 8 
illegal. only to be confronted by 
police in the Koala office. 

illegal both at UCSD and in all of 
California. Such weapons are ad-
vertised in magazines, and are 
available through the mail. 

"Those two [nunchukasl were 
taken from a karate student," Luu 

The UCSD Guardian 

said Theiravailabilitydoesnotmake 
them legal, Luu explained. 

Others are home-made, like the 
sharpened metal spike wmpped in 
tape that was found when searching 
a car. Fedak said. 

Also confiscated was a mace 
made in high school metal shop. 
The owner told police that he had 
been threatened at the beach, and 
had made the mace in case of a 
future confrontation. 

The ban on weapons is not lim-
ited to firearms, but includes knives, 
clubs, and martial arts weapons as 
well, according to California Law. 

The Answering Machine By Christ ina Huizar and Jeffrey Yamaguchi 
Knives with blades over speci-

fied lengths are also prohibited. The 
length depends on the kind of knife, 
and kitchen knives are excluded 
from these restrictions. 

"We took this one from someone 
lit the Bad Manners concert," Fedak 
said. 

He held a small metal rod, only a 
few inches long, that looked like a 
key-chain ornament. When the end 
was WlSCrewed, pulled out, inverted, 
and re-threaded, the innocent orna-
ment became a small dagger. 

Some martial arts weapons are 

Hi. This is K.lly. I'll only fly in paper 
airplanes. Th.y are much saf.r. Why? 
Because they are made out of trees, and 
every tree I've ever known has been quite 
tnlSlwonhy. 

BEEEEEEP! 

Fact ... OIer 55 Cab1a studen1s mcrraged their atm IlJsinesses last SIJTlmer 
THE DOOR TO 
OPPORTUNITY 
F~ ... Their aYenV! ecmngs u!he surrrner ci 1990 were $10,700 
Fact ... They conIrued tl pwe a deca:Ie-klng Ir.K:k reoord in IlJsiness 
Fact ... These sILdents all rnana;JE!d.,,;u, 5rudent Painters <I'd gci~ vaiuat*J 

Check out the Reading and 
Study Skills Center by 

appointment 
management expertise 
Fact ... t.tlst lenibies wil be fikt 11f!he end ci Noverrber 

or drop In at USB 4010, 
8-4:30 dally 

Management hIrtng now taking place for tbe summer of 1991 FREE FREE 

P.JlCfFIC 
15UfNDS 

CLU13. 

WANT A FUN 
JOBONA 

TROPICAL 
ISLAND? 

Can you play volleyball, teach tennis, windmrfing or scuba diving? Do 
you sing, dance, play piano or another musical instrument? Not afraid 
to work hard? Are you interested in an opportunity to learn Japanese? Or 
are you just a great personality who can entertain others into having the 
time of their lives? If you can do one or more of these activities, we might 
have the job for you. 

FREE 

K.Uy. this is Gordon. The President is 
reuni.ing the Task Forc . .... He·s lost his 
bugl. again. 

PAID INTERNSHIPS! 
(Positions Limited) 

Applications/Interviews be-
Ing taken now for the best 
summer business Internship 
you can find. Earn $6-
$12,000+ while managlne 
your branch of UNIVERSITY 
PAINTING PROFESSIONALS 
during summer 1991. 

Call1-800-KALL-UPP today. 

DAN KRIPKE PACIFIC ISLANDS CLUB • • • 
has beach resorts in Micronesia that cater to guests who want to be 
entertained and play water sports and tennis. We have openings for 

stands for women I s 
rights and reproductive 

choice. 

RECREATION 
COORDINATORS 

& ENTERTAINERS 
Persons to orga~Jize and instruct 111ater and beach sports, direct games, arts & 
crafts, and to perform in matinees, dinner shows and pool-side skits. Applicants 
should be high-mergy, extroverted outdoor types with recreation, sports or 
theatrical experience. Japa,we language not essmtiaI butpreferred. Willingness 
to work hard a'ld learn Japanese is necessary. We provide housing, mea.ls a.nd 
other fringe benefits including round-trip airfares. 
We will be on campus Nov. 5 & 6 conducting infonnation sessions on Nov. 5 
from 9 -10 a.m. & 1- 2 p.m., and on Nov. 6 from 9 -10 a.m. Interviews will be 
conducted after infonnation sessions and all day on Nov. 6. For more informa-
tion please call Counseling and Career Services. 
NOTE: p.l.e. requi~s a 6-month minimum commitment. 

FEATURES 9 

AhA 
L •• I.~ 
tri delta 
benefit auction 
with 91X's Berger Be 
Prescott and Russ T. 
Nallz as auctioneers. 
Come bid on 5tudent 
services (singing 
telegrams, dance lessons, 
tennis Instruction, 
home-cooked meals), 
and Items such as harbor boat 
cru_. lit.-. club m .... _I ... 
bow ...... miniature pit, s.. World 

~,.,ortawe., benk accounts, 
_~. _ VIoI,. ___ , 
---,-'c.ndy-_. 

NEW CliENTS 
ONLY 

• Full Set .................. $16.95 
• Fills ........................ $10.95 
• Pedicure .. .. ............ $10.95 
, Manicure ................. $5.95 

14lW _ A .... Podtlc _ (comer '" Halneol 

PlOtifi' Tslands Club is an Equal Opportunity E"'ployer I'"d all U.S. 1411's apply. Proof of eligibility 
to 1I'0r' in till U.S. iJ required. patd tor by Knpke tor Congress. 8437 ug>rlll.n Drive. La JolI~. A 92037 



TS & ENTERTAINMENT 
10 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian 

The Rituals of Jane's Addiction 
+They are one of the most powerful , and most popular, bands 
around today. Just what do they have that everyone wants? 
By Lara Heisler, Associate A&E Editor, 
and Jennifer Yancey. A&E Editor 

"/ am skin and bones. lam poinry nose. 
But it motherfuckin' makes me try. Makes 
me try and that ain' t wrong." 

- "Ain't No Right", Ritual de 10 Ha-
bitual 

"I don't need gimmicks. I don't need 
people to think I'm a rebel. I think I've 
proven what I am, and I'm really comfort-
able with myself. I'm not commited to any 
one cause except for my happiness and 
whatever I happen to think is right .. . I used 
to wish sometimes that I was a woman. A 
woman is the most attractive creature nature 
has to offer a man. Why, then, is it such a 
shame to ee her unclothed? I feel more 
shame as a man watching aquick-mart being 
built." 

- Perry Farrell 

"I bet you girls never liked a guy in a 
dress as much as you like me tonight. I bet 
you guys never did either. But don't worry, 
I won' t tell your dad. Butl think your dad 
kinda likes me too." - Perry Farrell, dur-
ing his Friday night performance. 

Last Friday in the Price Center Ballroom, 
Jane's Addiction, featuring Perry Farrell -
perhaps the most bizarre sex symbol of the 
nineties - played to a sold-out, hyped-up 
crowd in the wildest show UCSD has seen in 
a long time. 

Appearing on a stage lit with Christmas 
lights and adorned with baubles and trinkets 
with religIOUS overtones, the band was visu-
ally and audibly titillating. 

Few women could carry off a black leather 
minidress with the finesse of Farrell. His 
talent for eros -dressing rivals that of early 
David Bowie. Writhing. undulating, me-
chanically gesticulating, and overall seduc-
ing his audience, Farrell has become an 
unlikely object of desire. Beautiful people, 
ranging from your average Roben Palmer 
girl goddess to the sexy love-child hipster, 
were begging. screaming, and moaning for a 
chance to meet the enigmatic lead singer. 

"Hey, you don' t know me! You don't 
know me but you just keep looking at me 
down low. Oh no! Digging something up .. 
Digging something up .. Always digging 

• Quiche 
• Seafood Salad 
• Chicken Curry 
• Garden Salads 
• Homemade Soups 

something up .. Oh no!" 
- "Obvious", Ritual de 10 Habitual 

"Do you think I can see you? I can't. 
I'm inside my own head right now." 

- Perry Farrell 

Farrell has a mesmerizing stage pres-
ence. Aside from listening to the powerful 
and hypnotic music, most of the audience 
throughout the show strained to observe 
Farrell 's every move. With his haunting 
stare, he frequently fixated on various parts 
of the crowd for long periods of time, creat-
ing a kind of eerie intimacy. 

In spite of this, there also existed a great 
distance between the band and audience 
which was introduced through Farrell 's 
constant mockery of his fans. 

"Well . it's just a simple/act. Whenl want 
something / don't want to pay for it." 

- "Been Caught Stealing", Ritual de 10 
Habitual 

"I got a phone call earlier tonight. A 
friend called and asked what I was doing 
tonight, and I said 'nothing.' " 

- Perry Farrell 

"Gimme your clothes. [Clothes are 
thrown on stage, he throws them back] Bad 
taste. You fuckin' San Diegans think you 
have taste? Go to L.A. - Go to Melrose. 
I mean, I don ' t shop there anymore, but 
at least you could start there." 

- Perry' Farrell 

Staring at the audience with a mixture of 
contempt and pity. this man laughs at the 
very people who got up at five in the morn-
ing to wait in line for tickets to his show. He 
deadpanned to the crowd, "You guys are 
having the time of your life right now." 
leaving us to wonder what he meant. Did he 
mean being at his show? Being in college? 
Or just being? 

His arrogance, his aloofness, and his 
general attitude didn ' t seem to tum the au-
dience off. In fact, the opposite held true. 
While audience members were flipping him 
off, they would yell out requests forthe next 
song. 

" ... Just another show with sex and 
violence ... Sex is violent .. . Sex is violent ... 

·Danishes 
• Scones 
• Cappuccino 
• Gourmet Coffee 
• Fresh Breads 

Need a Nice, Quiet Place To Study? 
How About Coming Over to Our House. 
OPEN 7 AM - 5 PM· 7 Days a Week· 481-8590 

1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 
(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

Sex is violellt ... " 
"Ted , Just Admit It ... ", Nothing ' s 

Shocking 

"Take out your books. Take them out 
now. There's gonna be a quiz on this 
weekend. Take ' em out. Take out your 
cocks." 

- Perry Farrell 

During the perfectly executed 
perfomance of "Ted, Just Admit It. .... , the 
crowd chanted along with Farrell in his 
chorus of "Sex is violent." The undercurrent 
of sexual energy was rivaled only by the 
violent mood. There was no "pit" to speak 
of; rather there were a few fringe areas that 
did not involve violent slamming. When the 
show ended. and the crowd med out of the 
ballroom, it looked as though there had just 
been an apocalypse. Sweat, blood, and 
bruises appeared on everyone's bodies. 

Because the music and the performance 
were so packed with energy, angst. power, 
anger, and passion. it only follows that the 
audience would pick up on the frenetic vibe 
and respond accordingly. 

"She sings a song and I listen to what it 
says." 

. - "Summ<!rtime Rolls", Nothing ' s 
Shocking 

"I thought the sound was great. Yeah, 
it sounded great." 

- Perry Farrell , backstage after the con-
cen . 

In spite of the Price Center's dubious 
track record for acoustics, this show sounded 
great. Between Dave Navarro 's poetic gui-
tar work. Eric A. 's throbbing bass-lines. the 
forceful drumming of Stephen Perkins, and 
Farrell 's unique vocal style. the band did 
not disappoint. Jane's Addiction is a band 
that doesn't lose anything when it moves 
from studio to stage. 

While presenting a sound that was clean 
and precise,the band maintained a sponta-
neity and rawness that only live perfor-
mances yield. 

The songlist included a balanced mix of 
the band's repertoire, focusing primarily on 
their latest album, Ritual de 10 Habitual , 
and their ' 88 album Nothing's Shocking . 
One minor di sappointment regarding 

Monday, November 5, 1990 Monday, November 5, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Jello Biafra to Speak at Price 
Center Ballroom Wed. Night 
By Walter Bltts 
Staff Writer 

"The truth is what is. not what should be. 
What should be isa dirty lie." - Lenny Bruce 

Prior to the ignited media circus sur-
rounding 2 Live Crew, there was a trial 
involving one of the most controversial 
persons, Jello Biafra, in one of the most 
controversial bands, the Dead Kennedys. 

Jello knows censorship. In 1985 the Dead 
Kennedys released the album "Fran-
kenchrist", which contained a reproduction 
of a painting by award winning artist H.R. 
Giger. The charge. "distribution of harmful 
material to a minor." caused Mr. Biafra to 
incur 18 months in the court system and a 

legal bill of $75,000. Biafra's case was 
dismissed in a hung jury trial, but the Dead 
Kennedys broke up, and his marriage 
abruptly ended. 

The irony of this story is that Jello should 
have stayed down for the count, but the 
round ended. Now it's off with the gloves to 
bare-knuckle it, with lello packing a mean 
uppercut. 

The "High Priest of Harrnfu.J. Matter" 
will bring his spoken-word ensemble to the 
Price Center Ballroom on Wednesday to 
discuss constitutional rights, censorship, 
racism, and the trends of the "New Right". 

Jello Biafraat the Ballroom, this Wed. 
at 8 p.m. Tickets are $1. 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 11 

Ex-Dead Kennedy Jello Biafra 

The Heart Throbs: A Look Behind the Name 
By Christine Huizar 
Associate A&E Editor 

Poised at the desk with the phone in hand 
I knew nocbingofthe band the HeartThrobs, 
save their name. Images of burly • mass flesh 
entered my mind as I hesitantly dialed the 
number. To my surprise, a woman's voice 
with an accent greeted my own. She was 
satirical yet friendly - a pleasant diver-
gence from what I had antici- __ _ 
pated. 

So why choose a name that 
alludes to men with sweat. men 
wearing Gold's Gym T-shirts, a 
word our society has clear defi-
nitions of? Rose Carloni 's re-
sponse would have been a nod 
of her head could I have seen 
her. Instead it was a satirical 
"yup". 

Carlotti then explained, "We 
tend to thjnk of celebrities ~ 
men of bulk. This is exactly wha. 
we are not." The irony is that we 
are a mixed band with female 

music and their attitude. 
From the United Kingdom, Carloni ori-

ninally made demo tapes with keyboardist 
Stepban Ward in Redding. 

Shortly after Rose's sister, Rachael . got 
involved with bass and back-up vocals, along 
with Marie Side on drums and Alan Barclay 
on guitar. 

Carlotti explains "Heart Throbs' sound 

quality from lyrics mixed with beats. 
Many of the songs on the album reach a 

point about halfway through where they 
become incessantly redundant and predict-
able. "Slip and Slide" and "Tossed Away" 
are very clear examples of this . 

It isn't even so much the lyrics (which are 
quite interesting) bur rather the beat, the 
tempo. and the backround that drag them 

down. 
Carloni writes all the lyrics for 

the band. She explains them as 
being. "a mixture of fantasy and 
narrative. I draw stuff from my 
own experiences being a woman 
- about love, desire, lust, anger, 
and frustration - in a less stereo-
typical way. a more intelligent 
way, than other musicians." 

Perry Farrell doing that Perry Farrell thing at the Price Center Ballroom Friday night. vocals. Once a person hears our Heart Throb an alternative band seeking much more 
music and puts a face to it, they , 

Though they are enjoying their 
alternative success, Heart Throb 
would like to enter into the com-
mercial realm, to a degree. Carlotti 
explains,"We want to reach as wide 
an audience with our music as we 
can. "That doesn't necessarily mean 
we want to become mainstream 

commercialized. You can still be a success-
ful band and hold onto your artistic integ-
rity." 

Friday's show was the noticeable absence of their 
namesake song. "Jane Says", although it was in-
cluded in Saturday's show. Another disappoint-
ment was the fact that no interviews were granted to 
college press. 

"Camera's got them images. Camera' s got them 
all . Nothing's shocking .. .. 

"Ted. Just Admit It. .. .. Nothing's Shocking 

"Sure, I'll give you guys an interview during 

PACIRC BEACH: 
1447 Gamet Ave. 
~ COLLEGE: 273-CUTS-

. ,1"" 6686 EI Cojon Blvd. 
~w \.pV'" 463-5052 OCEAN BEACH: 

4882 Newport Ave. 
HILLCREST: 222-3777 
409 Univelsity Ave. 
:2Q1-ctJTS 

the sound·check tomorrow. It's OK with me. But 
you have to talk to my manager, that guy over 
there." 

- Perry Farrell. backstage after Friday's show. 

' 'No interviews. No way. Forget it. Sorry. 
Perry will sleep all day tomorrow, and there isn't 
ever a sound check for the second show. We gave 
you a photo pass. That's it. No." 

- That guy over there, manager of lane's Addic-
tion. 

quickly forget what the word once meant. " has been described as 'Fleetwood Mac play-
The other side, a more serious response to ingSonic Youth ' as well as ' across between 
the question, was that, "Music is supposed the Pixies and Shangri Las.' Because we are 
to ultimately cause your heart to throb. When a mixed band with female vocals we are 
it's really good and you can feel it in your unique from other groups. We have a lot of 
bones, in your soul." harmonies that we like to mix with noisy 

Theirfirstalbum, titled Cleopatra Grip, darker elements (guitar)." 
offers a real taste of the band's history, "Dreamtime". a song off their new al-
where they came from, where they are go- bum, has had considerable success and has 
ing, and how they go about doing it. Carlotti, reached #2 on the Alternative charts. Like 
lead singer, spoke with Hiatus about their the song's title, it possesses an ethereal 

Heart Throb is currently on tour 
throughout the country and will stop in San 
Diego this week. 

What: Tbe H...a'brobs with 
The bilway CbDdra 

Where: The Backdoor 
Whea: 'h.esday, ~6 

Auto II 'd Motorcycle 
, Insurance 

..--.--.. -.. -.. -.. -.-~ 
: EAT CHEAP! I 
• UCSD Lunch Specials I 

.-. 

• ~~~ 
II 

Monthly p~y~available 

Local 
800-457-1234 

Paul Sirkin Insurance 

: All Nile Long 
• • 
• Bf's famous lunch specials now available all 
• night to UCSD students, faCUlty and staff With I .D . 

.~ OM Sgh···th . 
_....... • - pa ettlIll WI mannara 1-5_":~ ~~_, "' ... - Cicero (meatball) Sandwich 
~ ~, WID. - Mini-Pizza with soft drink 
~ .".1 INU ... -Individual Stuffed Pizza 

"'"' ..... --",.1\1 \\"",.~~ .... - Homemade Lasagna with meat sauce f'~'l \ :'P"'_ /)/_lnrmlyforrbisspcUllQ/f.,.-.lIJIspeeUlbIrtdudft1#hld.s-. ... "'!ItJI 
~ 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 73 Villa La Jolla Dr. lCIjo/laVlllageCemer 455·0662 • 

• UC 'D's original Pizzeria Is still tbe best! E.q>lrIIS 11/5/9() • 
.. __ . __ .. _ .. _. __ .. _ ... _ ...• 



12 NEWS 

AND ONLY $20 PI. MO".", 
on a monthly basis 

STAIRMASTERS AEROBICS 
NAUTILUS-HOIST 

FREE WEIGHTS 
UNCROWDED 

UFE CYCLES 
REEBOK STEPS 

.4 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

BEING-FIT ® 
3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

Clairemont Square Shopping Cen"" near lee Wards·Behind Pa~s Sport 
483-9294 

Also in SDSU area 698·1702. Present this ad and I.D. 

PIZZA AND PASTA CAFE 
COSTA VERDE CENTER. 8650 Genessee 1312.455-5211 

"Best Pizza overall in the Golden Triangle" 
IIeIropoIbn u.g.zJnI, AprI1_ 

Pizza by the Slice 
Pasta 
Lasagna 
Salads 
Desserts 

t/ Free Delivery 
t/ No Preservatives 
II' Student Discounts 

PRESENT STUDENT 1.0. FOR 10% DISCOUNT 
HIlI valid Iri1b 'q 0IhIr cisoourI. Linited diMly na.xl Iirres. Mini!un ordIr ~ 

--------------------I LARGE 01 Mattia's Pizza wltn Pepperoni, $999 I I Mushrooms, Olives, Green Ptppers, & Onions I 
Taka out or deMry. Mtat IftSII1! CCI.IpOII. LiriIId line 01*. Not vaid Iri1b '" QCheI ciscoIrt 

L ____________________ ~ 

Includes' Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra 
Full service pnces reg. $21-$26 
Standby fares are sublect to availability 
of stylists To Insure faster Service, It's • 
best to come on weekdays 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 5, 1990 

BARCO: Ex-Colombian president wins award 
Continued from page 1 
recognition of the fact that the 
strength of Colombia's legal 
econom y is crucial to the suppon of 
political stability and the mainte-
nance of its democratic in titutions. 
He called for free trade agreements 
for products in world markets. 

"Free trade is not only a matterof 
good public policy .It is an essential 
element of a strategy to strengthen a 
legal economy in order to dismantle 
an illegal one," Barco said. 

The United States had previously 
dismantled an international coffee 
agreement, a move which cost C0-
lombia $300 million in lost exports. 
Importation penalties were also 
placed on Colombian flowers due to 
domestic pressures. 

Hecriticized the U.S. formaking 
it difficult for Colombians to mar-
ket certain products. However, he 
applauded the effons of the Euro-
pean Economic Community in its 
effons conceming recently pr0-
posed measures making entty into 
the market easier. 

Among those attending the re-
ception were Peter Bensinger, 
former director of the Drug En-
forcement Agency, and President 
Oscar Arias of Costa Rica. Arias 
and President Raul Alfonsin of AI-
gentina are past recipients of the 
award, and assisted in the selection 

of Barco as the recipient of this 
year's aWard. 

Telegrams congratulating Barco 
on his achievements were also sent 
from such persons as President 
GeorgeBush, British Prime Minister 
Margaret Thatcher, and California 
Govemor George Deukmejian. 

Bush commended Barco for his 
unwavering commitment to a drug-
free hemisphere. 

"Your defense of peace and de-
mocracy was always clear, even in 
times of great difficulty and anxiety," 
he said. 

Barco's four-year term as presi-
dent of Colombia, which ended ear-
lier this year, was marked by many 
far-reaching reforms. Among them 
were a successful drive against 
corruption in the security and police 
forces, opening the political system 
to full, multi-party competition, and 
overseeing Colombia's first direct 
election of mayors and governors. 

He was also responsible for ini-
tiating peace talks with leftist gue-
rillas, in which his govemment ne-
gotiated the integration of a former 
guerilla group into electoral politics 
and civilian life in March of 1990. 

"Barco saw that the sanction of 
law was applied to all, including the 
powerful," Fisher said during the 
awards ceremony. "He is a genuine 
leader in an age of pretense." 

Din Cripe/Guardian 
Virgilio Barco Vargas 

He applauded Barco for his ef-
fons in the face of horrific violence 
and at great personal riskto himself 
and his family. 

The purpose of the Institute of 
the Americas is to recognize lasting 
achievement and to applaud true 
accomplishment. It is an indepen-
dent, non-partisan, non-profit orga-
nization dedicated to improving 
communication and understanding 
in the Western Hemisphere. 

Barco will continue to serve his 
country as ambassador to the Coun 
of St. James in London, assuming 
that position later this month. 

The Comic Gallery 
675·B N. Broadway 

Escondido, CA 92025 
Country Com« Shopping Center 

Broadway • Washington 
(619)745-5660 

442A Balboa Ave. 
San DIego, CA 92117 

comer of IaIboa a ClaIremonI Dr. 
-Next to Lucky Maltlet-

(619)483-4853 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

ePregnancy Termination 
e General or Local Anesthesia 
eLow Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conaption) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
-Student Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

r.r;r;t 
~ochoice 

... Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

Monday, November 5,1990 

Paldpol(l lcal advl!'rtiJl!IMAI 

DAN KRIPKE 
stands for women's 

rights and reproductive 
choice. 

The UCSD Guardian 

paid for by Kripke for Congress, 8437 Sugarman Drive, La Jolla, CA 92037 

\. ,I '1'1 ., 1 • I !I \ ,1,(,1 II,~'I \ 'r" L" l .1"1 
'frying to stretch dollars when 

you're compu1er shopping doesn't mean 
you're willing to make sacrifices. 

That's why you should consider the new, affordable Macintash~ Classi~ computer 
It has everything you need-including a monitor, keyOOard, mouse, 2 megabytes of 

RAM, and a 4O-megabyte hard disk. Just plug everything in and the Macintash Classic is ready 
to nln, because the system software is already insJalled: And, thanks to the Macintooh 
computer's legendary ease of use, you '\I be up and running in no time. 

like every Macintooh, the Classi can run thousands of available applications that all 
work in !he same, consistent way- so once you've learned one program, you're well 011 your 
way to learning them all. And this is one cheap roommate that doesn't have uouble sharing. 
The Apple~ uperDrive !!'.- landard equipment with every Macinlosh-reads from and 
WOles t Macintash, MS-OO ,0 '/2, and Apple II floppy disks, whid1Jneans you can hare 
infonnation with meonc who uses a different type f computer. 

See the Malintooh .lassie for y urself. lt'U change your mind about cheJp mmaLes. 

ES ON 1 
Engineering Building Unit 2 

FOR Campus Lighting 
CLASSROOMS , 

LABS 
I 

LIBRARIES 
, 

Visual Ans Building 

13 

PAlO FOR BY CALIFORNIANS FOR HIGHER EDUCATION 
717 K STREET, SUITE 503 

SACRAMENTO, CALIFORNIA 95814 
916-443-5\02 

For further information visit 
UCSD Bookstore 

534-4291 

ta. TIle power to be your be t~ 



VOTE ON NOV 6 - Tuesday 
Molly McKay endorses ... 
YES: Prop 143, 128, 130, 146 
NO: Prop 135, 138 

E ents ••• 
AS MEETING 

Every Wednesday at 6:30 pm 
Price Center · Third Floor · Conf. Rm. 8 

All students are invited 10 attend 

SPECIAL NOTE: November 21, day before Thanksgiving, 
AS Councii meeting bas been cancelled . 

TOTAL RECALL 
ovember 8, 6:30, 9:00, I 1:30pm 

Price Center Theatre 
Only $1.00, Students, Faculty, and Staff 

TGIF 
Daddy Longleggs and Special Guest 
November 9, 4:30 pm 
At the Hump 

PUB SHOWCASE 
"It's Music" 
Bob's Your Uncle, This Great Religion, Miniature, & Mark Davis 
November 9, 8:00 pm 
Triton Pub 

COMMITTEE FOR WORLD DEMOCRACY 
FILM SERIES - "Banking on Disaster" 
November 2, 7:00 pm 
Third College, SLH, Room 107 

"What Really Happened at the Iran-Contra Committee Hearings" 
November 7, 7:30 - Galbraith Auditorium - speaker Pamela Naugmton (former 
house senate Iran-Contra Committee Staff council and San Diego attorney). 

RADICALLY INCLINED SKI CLUB (R.I.S.C.) 
All-Cal Tickets are on sale now at the box office. Five days of skiing and fun in 
Steamboat, Colorado for just $389! 
Thanksgiving nip to Utah. Tickets also on sale at the box office. Just $275 for 
four days of skiing! 
Call 534-4482 for more information. 

HARDCORE FILM CLUB 
A retrospective of their past productions 
"Bugs in our Hair" and "Nuclear Wasted" 
Monday, November 5,7:00 pm 
Price Center Theatre 
Absolutely, 100%, FREE! 

ABBDABBS 
Poetry Reading 
Tuesday, November 13,4:00 - 6:00 pm 
Grove Cafe 
For more information, call Lianne McSwain, 755-3943. 

FRIENDS FOR LIFE 
UCSD's Pro-Life club 
Monday, November 5,6:00 - 7:00 pm 
Price Center, Irvine Room 
Special guest speaker: Dan VanTiegham, d irector of S.D. Lifechain. 

STUDENTS FOR PRO-CHOICE 
Meetings Tuesday, 7:30 pm, Santa Barbara room, Price Center, 2nd floor. 
Don't forget to vote on Tuesday, November 6. 

TRI DELTA BENEFIT AUCTION 
All proceeds go to Children's Hospiral 
• Tuesday, November 6 (Election Day) 
• 12:00 - 1:30 pm - Price Center Plaza (or small Ballroom in event 
ofrain) 

• Featuring 91X OJ's Berger & Prescott & Russ T. Nailz 
as auctioneers. 

·Come bid on items and services such as dinner, movie passes, 
gift certificates, and much more! Have fun while supporting 
Children's Hospital. 

UCSD STUDENT CREDIT UNION ADVISORY COMMITTEE 
Seven (7) student representatives needed for committee 
Apply Price Center, 3rd floor. Deadline November 9. 

UCSD YEARBOOK 
Staff meetings are every Tuesday, 5:00 -7:00 pm in Yearbook office. 
Everyone is welcome. If you would like to order a copy of the 1990-1991 year-

book, come by the office and fill out an order form . 

WATERPOLO CLUB 
Saturdays, 4:00 - 6:00 pm. At Natatorium. 
No experience necessary. Everyone welcome. 

SANG AM DANCE '90 
(East- Indian- Pakistan Club) 
FREE Dance w/Live OJ 
Saturday, November 10, 9:00 pm - 1:00 am at the Price Center Balltoom. 
Dress - casual. All are welcome - but must come ready to dance and have fun! 
Call Anisha at 278-5720 for more details. 

GOLDEN KEY NATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY 
Meeting Tuesday, November 6,5:30 pm. Berkeley Room, 2nd floor, Price Center. 
We will be discussing our upcoming ice skating party. All interested welcome! 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL 
Meets Tueseday, November 6, 6:00 pm. Grove Cafe. All welcome 
Questions, call Maney VanZytveld - 792-8412. 

ACTIVE STUDENTS FOR KIDS 
General Information Night. Wednesday, November 7,8:30 pm 
Santa Barbara room, 2nd floor, Price Center. Call 534-1414, Volunteer 
Connection for more infonnation. 

FUNDRAISING 
Does your club need money? If so, don't miss "A Professional Approach to 
Fundraising" November 7, 7:30 pm, Price Center, Gallery A. 
Sponsored by University Events and Student Acitivities. 

SOCIETY OF WOMEN ENGINEERS 
Student/Alumni Social- Wednesday, November 7, 7:00 - 9:00 pm at Price Center 
DavisIRiverside room. Everyone is welcome! Refreshments will be served!!!! 

NOTICE 
The following committees are still open for applications: ·On Campus Residence 

d Food Services Advisory Committee; ·Summer Session Advisory Committee; 
Student Study and Library Space Needs; ·Committee on Undergraduate Scholarships 

d Honors; ·Special Services Building Advisory Committee; ·Warren College Resident 
all Building Advisory Committee; 'Post-Baccalaureate Opportunities; ·Bookstore 
dvisory Committee; ·International House Planning Committee; -Institutional Self-
tudy & Evaluation 

Pick up an application in the A.S. Office and tum it in by Wednesday, 
November 7, 12:00 noon 

AS NEWS FLASHES Is produced by the Associated Students 01 UCSD. 
To have an advertisement plac:ed In AS NEWSFLASHES,there lsa drop 
box to the left or the Public Relations oftIce, 3rd noor. Advertbement Is 
subject to availability 01 space. Deadline Is every Wednaday at noon ror 
the rollowlal Monday paper. 
All advertillemen" subject to approval by PR CoIII.ltue. For .. ore 

inronnadon c:ontactGeorp Maurer, AS CommillioaerolPublic ReIatIonI, 
lit 534-4450. 

Monday, November 5,1990 

M.SOCCER 
Continued from page 20 
time before one of those shots 
crossed the plane of the goal line. 
And sure «nough, Lodoen set up a 
play which allowed Gerhardl to 
pass the ball on the ground to 
Stevenson, who knocked it in at 
38:43. 

Lodoen was credited with a 
combined assist (with Gerhardt) 
after further review at the game's 
conclusion. 

"[ faked like I was going 10 
cross it," Gerhardt said. "I knew if 
it was on the ground, we had a 
pretty good chance of kicking it 
in ... I knew it was just a matter of 
time [before we scored)." 

After playing like a team pos-
sessed in the first half, the Tritons 
nearly slipped up in the closing 
minutes of the second half. UCSD 
controlled the first 35 or so min-
utes of the half, but fell back on the 
defensive and had to step up its 
defensive pressure in order 10 
thwart the only St. Thomas threat 
of the game. The Tommies,led by 
freshman forward Nathan Young 
(21 goals in the regular season), 
kept the Triton defense on its toes 

for the last 10 minutes. 
"We were just hanging back, 

counting the clock," Gerhardt said 
of UCSD's slight defensive lapse 
in the closing moments. 

"We sat back a little bit [in the 
second halfJ ," Armstrong said. 
" Our legs were gelling tired." 
Annstrong pointed to both the 
physical contest against CSUSB 
a(ld the fact thatthe Tn tons had not 
practiced for two days as possible 
reasons for their weariness. He said 
they will be holding practice today 
to start preparing for next week-
end's quarterfinal. 

St. Thomas, however, was 
sluggish for most of the game. 

" [The Tritons were] stronger ... 
bigger," St. Thomas Head Coach 
Denzil Lue said. "We weren't in-
timidated ... we didn't know about 
their size." 

Lue pointed out that it was also 
the fourth game of the week for his 
team, which defeated Macalester 
in the first rOWld of the regionals. 

Yesterday 's contest, which was 
relatively peaceful in comparison 
to the CSUSB game, nearly took a 
tum in the other direction when 
Tomrnie defenderMark Kelley was 
fouled by Triton forward Chris 

• 

The UCsD Guardian sPqltTS 15 

1990 NCAA DIVISION III MEN 'S SOCCER BRACKET 

AA8S0H('-o) 

--

SAlEM ST. ...,) 
w. C~ECncUT ST. (, .... $ 

.:..SAI..:.EW,--,-ST..:. (.:..5-..:..,,"..:...)_--, SAlEM ST. (3-1. OT) 
NO¥. ltQClt11 1----, 

==='-'""":=...--, COR'I1.ANO ST. ('.o) 

---'...:.-'. ___ --' AIT(2.o) 

8E1HAHY 2·1 
MARV WASHINGTON (1'+') 

CORnAHO ST (,-0) 

-
NOW. ,,01117 

-. 

..". 17 GIll. 

--
JIIICW. MOlt," 

KENYON (7". OTI r-__ =K£HY=ON","""I~,"", 
WOOSTER (t ....... ,) 

OHIO WESl.EYN< ('.0) 

SCRANTON (3-,) 

WHEATON 

KAI.AMAlOO ('502) 
OHIO WESl£V .... (I~ 

B.IZA8ETH1'OWN (I .... ') 
SWARTHMORE 113" ) 

NUHLallEAG (I:!-H) 

<;GRANTON (17-3-') 

BETHANY ,-0. PI() 
r~~-L-____ ~B~ WfoEATON (""'21 
""""'-VA. WESLEYAN 115-0-2) WASHINGTON (12~) 

METHOOtST ('""') 
"ETHODIST ('.1. OT) ~V(I.., ~ __ """'"lRRA __ V_(I_~_.') 

JIIOIf. 'ttQfl 11 1-__ -' 
'----.., ..,.. . .. OIIU 

KEN< (15-5) WACALfSTEA '4-. ) 
TRENTON ST. (, ...... ) KEN< 3-2) 

ST. THOIoIAS 1 , .0) 
ST. THOMAS ,14+2) 

MONTClAIR ST. (IW) 
CllASS8ORO ST. (IW.') 

-- QlASSIIORO ST. ('''' 
}.,QLj::-"-;:·S""SBORO=""'sr. ("') 

'--UCSO:C:::-::-(I"':c-1 -=. '="",-__ ..:UC:::.SD=.!C(I:=.,: ... '-" •• ) 

Hanssen in the middle of the sec-
ond half. 

Hanssen was visibly upset when 
he came to the bench later in the 
game. 

"I fouled him, and then he hit 
me in the back of the head with his 
elbow," Hanssen said. 

An altercation nearly ensued, 
but peace was restored before the 
situation got out of hand, much to 
the dismay of the fans. 

UCSD will next face Wheaton, 
the winner of the South Central 
Regional Firia1, on either Saturday 
or SWlday in the quarterfmals. 

ucso It-o. OTI CSUS8 ('405) 

o.n. ClwlkenlGuardian 
With the victory, UCSD im-

proves to 17-2-1 on the season, 
wins the regional for the third 
straight year, picks up its fifth con-
secutive shutout, and improves to 
15-6 in career postseason play. St. 
Thomas finishes the year with a 
15-1-2 record. 

12 
1800 B Rosacrans 

PI. lDma 
~ 

13 .. 
32nd lMain J<I.43 LI"lMII1iy 
San Diego Nor1I1 Pan< 

281-81183 280-91183 
• We bag every comic 

The • We offer Free Discounts ·lrMrtore ~ seMce 
RIGHT • Special holds & searches • We:re open until 7 p.m. every day 

CHOICE 
Diet 

UCSD MEDICINE 
HEALTH NET AT UCSD 

Center® 
Tbt uoght.loss /Jro!essimraIs: 
Free Consultation. 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 

Daily Diet Tips from 

PMG#27 
No Premiums! 

No deductibles! 
No copayments!* 

... 

For information, call 294-6094 
"Limited copayments apply to outpatient mental health visits and phsrmacy charges. 

Diet Center 
459-5979 

7467 CUVIER (off Pearl) 
1-{900}990-THIN 

95C ptt mill./SI.50 firs ain. 

STRESSED om 
FIB research studies evaluating 
medicalioos an: available 10 people 
suffering from anxiety. Symptoms 
inctude feeling nervous, _. irri-
!able. SIOINICb problems. inSOMnia. 
muscle aches. and difficulty CODCeO-
lraling. Suilallle volunleen receive 
free medicalions.1ab IeSts. physicaJs 
and psycbialric evaluations. 18 or 
older, please. catl Monday Ihrou&b 
Friday, 10 am.-4 p.m. 

... S1UDIIS ALSO 
AVAlLAII' fOR 

DIIIIISSION 
554-0100 

0°000 FEIGHNER o 0 RESEARCH 
...... ----1 NSTITUTE 

.. 



I 16 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza is still UCSD's finest origi-
nal pizzena. Tear out the BJ's coupon 
and get your taste buds to BJ 's For 
UCSD's serious pizza eatersl (9/24-
11130) 
PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While your wait. 
Xeroxes and more . Near SI. 
Germains. 452-9949. (9/24-11130) 
Writing Help. I've discovered/created 
unique, Fun - yes, fun ! approaches 
for serious projects. Begin 481 -181 O. 
(10/3-11130) 
Scholarshipslgrants for college are 
available. Millions go unclaimed 
yearly . Call 1-800-334-3881 . (10/8-
11114) 
BIG G~EEN, documentary to sup-
port Prop 128 to handle the environ-
ment crisis. Video free every M&W at 
noon, MCC 221 3rd College Media 
Center. (1 0/15-11 /5) 
Nothing to do over Thanksgiving? 
Come Kayaking in La Bufadora, 
Mexico with Outback Adventures. 
534-0684. (10/24-11 /5) 

Volkswagen? Or is your car an Audi? 
Tom's Master Mechanics only handles 
these 2 autos and nobody does it 
better for UCSD. Bring your ID and 
you get 20% off most servicesl Call 
450-9494. (10/26-11 /30) 

Dest inations Unknown presents 
Rosarito Beach FALL FIESTA. No-
vember 16-18, 2 nights/2 days , 
transportation, accommodations, free 
parties, optional lobster dinner, only 
$75. See table in Price Center of 
CALL 793-0492. (10/26-11/9) 

Are you COLOR BLIND? Earn $51 
hour participating In color vision ex-
periments, even if you have partici-
pated in these studies before. Call 
Ethan Montag 534·2999, Psych. Dept. 
for info. (1 0/26-1 1/9) 

When seconds count, breathe a little 
easier with MICRO-MED, the micro-
film medical I.D. Card that could 
possibly save your life! MICRO-MED 
is an asset to everyone's life youngl 
old, ilVwel1. Call Gabrielle (619) 546-
8014. (1 0/29-1119) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, 4-wheelers, 
TVs, stereos, furniture, and computers 

by DEA. FBI, IRS, and US customs. 
Available your area now. 

CALL 1.siJ5-682-7555 EXT. C-1199 

REPOSSESSED VA & HUD HOMES 
availible from government from $1 

without credit check. 
You repair. 

Also tax delinquent foreclosures. 
CALL 1 -805-682-7555 

EXT. H-I443 for repa list your area. 

Idnko'S· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Garnet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word incremenTs. The rate per 1 words is $1 for 
tudents (for personal use only), $3 for faculty alld staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 

advance is required; therEfore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, 3 p.m. Monday for Wednesday's issue, and 3 p.m. Wednesday for Friday's issue. 
The Guardian reserves the right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to 
companionship ads. For more information call 534-5416. Mailing address:UCSD 
Guardian, 0316, 9500 Gilman Drive, La lalla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: 
Student Center A, top floor , 

Dan Kripke is pro-choice. Incumbent 
Lowery is not. Vote for Dan Kripke. 
(1 0/31-11 /5) 

SERIOUS about aerobics? Come to 
the UCSD Aerobics Team Info Ses-
sion 11 /5, 5:30 p.m., Gym Lobby. 
(10/31-11 /5) 

QUESTIONS ABOUT CULTS, EXIT 
COUNSELING - contact the Cult 
Awareness Network, 2421 W . Pratt 
Blvd., Ste. 1173, Chicago, IL 60645, 
or call (312) 267-nn. Message 
sponsored by the United Campus 
Ministry UCSD. (10/31-11/9) 

UJS SHABBAT Dinner, service, and 
program . November 9, 7 p .m. 
Mandeville Suite . More info? Call 
534-6244. (1112-11 /9) 

Vote for these Pro-Choice candi-
dates. November 6th - GOVERNOR 
- Dianne Feinstein, LT. GOVERNOR 
- Leo McCarthy, ATTORNEY GEN-
ERAL - Arlo Smith, TREASURER -
Kathleen Biown, CONTROLLER -
Gray Davis , SECRETARY OF 
STATE - March Fong Eu ! (1112-11 1 
5) 

Minority Advertising interns needed: 
S.F., L.A., Chicago, N.Y., Detroit, 
Atlanta l $1000/month , summer 
1991 . 534-46891 (11 /2-11 /5) 

RISC presents the ATIITUDE AD-
JUSTMENT PARTY at the Old Pub! 
Uve band, refreshments I Nov. 17,9 
p.m. (11/2-1117) 

Interested in kids? Join Active Stu-
dents fer Kids. We make a differ-
ence. lnformationNight, Wednesday 
1117 at 8 :30 p.m. in the Price Center 
Santa Barbara Room. Respond to 
the challenge! (11/2-11/5) 

Breweries in La JolJa? Get real! Hard 
to believe, but Wednesdays are now 
UCSD night. $1 Pilsners all night 
long!!! Check out what's brewing in 
La Jolla. 7536 Fay Ave. (11/2-11/14) 

Prop. 128 will phase out known can-
cer and birth defect causing pest i-
cides (whICh are being used on our 
food). 128 would prohibit off shore 
drilling. 128 will require compliance 
with the Clean Water Act which has 
not been observed, enforcing the 
adequate cleaning of sewage before 
it is released into the ocean. Prop 135 
is offered by the chemical/pesticide 
companies. Infonm yourself before 
you VOTE ! (11/2-1115) 

The UCSDlTijuana Cultural Con-
nection invites you to a walking tour 
of Tijuana, a visit to the Tijuana CUl-
tural Center, Christmas shopping at 
the Pueblo Amigo Shopping Center 
AND a free lunch of authentic Mexi-
can food. Free bus transportation to 
the border will be provided. Saturday, 
November 10th from lOam-4:30pm. 
Sign-up by calling 534-15n or stop 
by the third floor of the Price Center, 
room 3310.(11 /2-11 /5) 

Delta Gamma is having a warm 
clothes drive forthe homeless. Please 
bring any unwanted clothing or 
blankets to M.O.M. , Mt. View Lounge, 
Revelle Lounge, or the Price Center 
Lounge this Monday (11/5) through 
Friday (11 /9) . Your contributions are 
greatly needed and appreciated. 
Thank you! (11/2-1117) 

UCSD Sailing Team North-South 
meeting Monday Nov_ 5, 5 p.m. at 
WLH 2115. (11/5) 

FUN RUNIWALK SAT. NOV. 10th. 
Raise funds for Diana Chadwell in 
her struggle against cancer. Register 
in person day of event ($12 studentsl 
seniors; $15 general) beginning 6:30 
a.m. Start of race : stop sign just be-
yond bridge at Gilman entrance to 
campus. Times: walk - 7:30 a.m., run 
- 8:00a.m. moreinfo:P.E. Dept. 534-
7847. (11/5-11/9) 

DID EXAM RESULTS. EXPECTA-
TIONS? POST-EXAM CRITIQUE 
WORKSHOP - RSSC USB 401 0 Nov. 
6, 5 p.m.-6 p.m. (11/5) 

Enjoy the Juiciest 
Burgers in Town 

2 forI 
Buy any hamburger. 

sandwich or gyros and 
get a second one 

FREE! 
JEFF'S BURGERS 
2152 Avenldo De La Playa 

La Jolla Shores 454-8038 
Mull pr""",tcoupon. Expires II/112m 

DMiKRIPKE 
stands ror women's 

r!abts and reproductive 
choice. 

Warren College Safety Awareness 
Week, November 5-8 at the com-
mons. Free door prizes I (11/5-1117) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT 
UCSDI Jewish Campus Centers pro-
vides warmth, education, prayer, so-
cializing. Connect with Union of Jewish 
Students I 502 Matthews; east of the 
Price Center. Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534-
2521. (11/5) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student discounts. 558-4644/226-
1962. (9124-1/14) 
WRITING Help from UC-Grad Tutorl 
Writer/Researcher. All projects wel-
come. Productive, lntensel Start Early. 
481-1810. (1013-11/30) 
Papers typed! Quick and affordable. 
From $2Ipg. Call LJ Colony Resumes 
& Professional Typing. 455-8357. 
Laser printing 1 60 typestyles to choose 
from I One day service available. (101 
5-11/30) 
TYPING-PROOFREADING-ED-
ITING Tenm Papers, MAs, Ph.D.s, 
Legal. and Medical. RUSH JOBS. 
Call MARIE, 931-9596. (10/5-11/30) 
Bartencierschool-DaylNight Course 
250.00 - Refresher Course Oct. 20 
and Nov 10, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. 45.00 
1-800-227-0030 BADD-REACTS (1 01 
19-11116) 

TYPING : TERM PAPERS, ETC. 
RUSH JOBS AT NO EXTRA 
CHARGE. 453-0656. (10/3-11/30) 

A dazzling pearly white smile can be 
yoursl Call Dr. Rad. at 490-8099. 
UCSD SPECIAL: Cleaning and exam 
only $20. (10/26-11/5) 

PINWHEELS - a full service salon 
near campus - Costa Verde Center. 
Facials, waxing, lash tints and more. 
CaliParvaneh, 558-1858. (10126-111 
30) 

Monday, November 5, 1990 

Volkswagen?OrisyourcaranAudi? 
Tom 's Master Mechan ics only 
handles these 2 autos and nobody 
does it better for UCSD. Bring your 
ID and you get 200/0 off most services! 
Call 450-9494. (10/26-11/30) 

Word Processing. Quality work at 
reasonable prices. Resumes, re-
ports, etc. Laser printer. Call Diane 
755-1724. (10/29-11 /30) 

WORD PROFESSIONALS: Word 
Processing , Reports , Speeches, 
Dissertations, Manuscripts, Presen-
tations. Experienced. Laser Printer. 
Student Rates! 753-5964. (10/29-
11130) 

INSURANCE - LOW INSURANCE 
RATES FOR UCSD STUDENTS 
FOR AUTO AND MOTORCYCLE. 
CALLJESSICA, BOO-457-1234, 9-5. 
(11/2-1117) 

WANTED 
Happy with your present salary? I 
need people who want to make more 
ASAP (619) 758-4602. (1 0/10-11130) 

Domino's Pizza at UCSD is now hir-
ing for Customer Service Represen-
tatives. Must be at least 16 years old, 
energetic and efficient with an out-
going personality. Will be responsible 
for greeting customers, taking pizza 
orders and other store operations. 
Eligible applicants should apply at 
the UCSD store, located at 3211 
Holiday Court after 3:30 p. m. (10119-
11/30) 

Neuro Care; LST position, retrain 
people with Traumatic Brain Injury. 
Work with a state-of-the-art 
Neurobehallioral Rehab. Team. Ex-
cellent experience to compliment 
education. Call (619) 789-4600. (101 
26-11 /1 2) 

Earn $500-$1500Iwk part-time stuff-
ing envelopes in your home. For free 
information. send a long, self-ad-
dressed, stamped envelope to : P.O. 
Box 4645, Dept. p127, Albuquerque 
NM 87196. (10/31-11/9) 

Babysitter wanted for 11 month old. 
One (any) afternoon/wk. Walking 
distance from campus 455-6774. (101 
31 -11112) 

Childcare available full-time week-
days in my North Clairemont home. 
Licensed, CPR certified, intelligent, 
loving. 270-9006. (1013,., 1/5) 

Position available at law firm - no 
experience necessary. Filing, occa-
sional bookkeeping, assistance at 
court, good grammar and punctuation 
skills. Tuesdays and Thursdays, 9:00 
to 7:00. 454-9101. (10/3,., 1/5) 

Accounting Assistant. 20 hours./wk 
$6-$9/hr. Send resume to: J .E. 
Ritzinger, CPA, 3675 Ruffin Rd., 
#235, SD 92123. (1112-11/5) 

DRUMMER NEEDED - by guitarist, 
bassist. Have practice place. Call 
John F. 273-2145 or John T. 452-
6403. (1112-1119) 

Monday, November 5, 1990 

MALE MODELS. Totallylegitimate part-
time or full·time work. Print, ramp. tele-
vision, magazines. No experience 
necessary. Not portfolio nor modeling 
school scheme I Top fees and fun I Send 
contact information and photos(s) 
(amateur OK) for free interview without 
obligation: Inter Photo, Box 2893, La 
Jolla, CA 92038. (1112-11112) 
Addressers wanted Immedlatetyl No 
experience necessary. Excellent pay! 
Work at home. Call toll -free : 1 -80()'395-
3283. (1112-1/11) . 
RECEPTIONIST/SECRETARY. Real 
Estate Development Company has an 
opening for a bright, enthusiastic, self-
starter to work as a receptionisVsec-
retary in a congenial, friendly, non-
smoking office. Must be able to type 50 
wpm. Sf d current resume including 
salary requirements to: The Midtown 
Niki Group, Attn. S. Donovan, 5080 
Shoreham Place, #1 00, San Diego, CA 
92122. Or call: (619) 546-0033. (1112-
1117) 
AppIlcationsllnterviewsbeing taken now 
for the best summer business internShip 
and training you can find. Earn $6-
12,000+ while managing your own 
branch of University Painting Profes-
sionals during summer 1991 . Call 1-
800-KALL-UPP today. 

FOR SALE 
Plane ticket RT San Diego te San Jose 
11 /20-11 /22 $100 Becky, 456-0864. 
(10/31-1117) 
Del Mar-why rent? $112.900 condo. 
2BR12 BA, pool, spa, beach 1 mile. 
Chris, 931 -6977. (10/12-11114) 
1988 Mazda B2200 Cab-plus, 5 spd., 
Buckets, Kenwood ster., Equalizer, tint 
- $5,800. Call Joe-- 558-7602. (101 
24-11/5) 
DISCOUNT AIR FARES. RESERVE 
HOLIDAY TRAVEL NOW. USA, EOPE. 
FREE BONUS MILES. 481 -1264. (101 
26-11130) 
6' futon and 4-position frame. $100. 
Closetocampus. 587-0709. (10126-111 
30) 

New Stereo Color TV and HQ VCR (wi 
remotes), $550.00 o.b.o. 688-9280 (H) 
or 558-4349 (W), Cyrus. (10131,1115) 
1974 Mercury Comet, New: Tires, 
Muffler, fuel pump, water pump. $650 
or best offer. 574-0446. (10/3,., 1/5) 
FULL SIZE BED. No headboard. $135. 
Child's DESK and chair $35. Call 581 -
9156. (10131-11116) 
Drums, Ludwig, 6-piece with 3 Zildjlan 
cymbals $500 or best offer. Call Dennis 
at 574-0728. (11/2-11/12) 
Need to sell something? Use the 
Guardian Classifiedsl (11/5) 

VISA OR MASTERCARD! 
Even if bankrupt or bad creditl 
We guarantee you a card or 

double your money back. 
Call 1-805-682-7555 

EXT. M-l052 

• bindery 
• resumes 
• announcements 

AIRLINE TICKET FOR THANKSGIVING 
WEEKEND. $68 from SO-Oakland. Wed 
11 /21 to Sun 11 /25, Denise. 792·7126. 
(11/2-11/9) 
1988 Kawasaki Ninja Ex 500. Only 3,000 
miles, perfect condition. Mustsell $2,400. 
271 -0668. David. (11/2-11/12) 
'77 Toyota Celica - runs well. $800 abo. 
Call 558-8614. (11/2-1 1/12) 
IBM XT (true) with inboard 286, 640k, 
2FD. CGA with amber monitor, Word 
Perfect 5.1, AutoCad 10.0, MS Fortran, 
Norton Util.. FrameWork III, more on 33 
MB HD. $75010bo. Marc 587-2176. (111 
2-1117) 
ONE ONE-WAY TICKET to Newark, 
New Jersey (New York). Departing on 
Nov. 22 from l.A. at 8:30 a.m. and arriv-
ing at .... 25 p.m. Only $350 (Regular: 
$650+). Contact Sanjeev at (619) 259· 
9086. (1112-11 /12) 
GUITAR FOR SAlE: 1987 Fender Squire 
Stratocaster, Fender Reverb 25 Amplifier, 
case. leads, tuner. DOD distortion box, 
strap, and stand, all for $450. Great for 
beginner. (1 1/2-11 /12) 
HALF PRICESPEAKERSI Unboxedwith 
warranty. 125 watt pro quality LINEAR 
PHASE 881 0 digital ready. Retail $1000 
up, take $500/o.b.o. 792-0586. (11/2- 111 
7) 
1985 Jeep CJ-7 - Red, black soft top, 6 
cyl, 49,000 mi. , only $7.700, Annabelle 
270-7040. (11/5-1 1/16) 

HOUSING 
UNIVERSITYCITY,shared room, $250 
plus 1/4 utilities. 3BRI2BA furnished, 
mature roommates, Tom, 587-8246. 
(10/26-11/5) 
Female roommate needed urg~ntlyl 
Own room with balcony in University 
City. $315/month plus 1/4 utilities. 
Available end of Fall Quarter so plan 
ahead ... 457-0131 . (1013,.,115) 
Own roomlbath. in Furnished 2bedl 
2bath. P.B. condo; bay view, pool, spa, 
cable, laundry, pool room, parking op-
tion. $400 util. incl. 272-3129 or 459-
8162. (1013,., 1/5) 
Del Mar Cottage (furnished w/utilities.) 
Exchange for child care. Flexible hours. 
Day and evenings. 259-8741 . (11/2-111 
7) 

MIRA MESA, all downstairs, 3br/2ba, 
$250 and up. living room. shared 
kitchen/utilities, washerldryer, canyon 
view, on bus line. close to UCSD (15 
min). 1-5. 1-805, 1-15. Call Raut, 534-
2858 (w), 271-7260 (h). (11/2-11/5) 
ROOMMATE WANTED FOR WINTER 
QUARTERI Jan. 4 - March 23 1991 , 
own room in beautiful Del Mar house. 
Female, smoker preferred. Rent $3751 
month. Call Sydney for more info. at 
259-0148. (11/5-1117) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Penasquitos $1050, 4 bedrooms, 2.5 
baths, house 2-car garage. Available 
in Nov. Leave message: 695·8253. 
(11 /5-11/12) 

LOST & FOUND 
LOST WATCH I Gold and silver Citi-
zen WRI 00 flight watch lost Wednes· 
day, Oct. 24 around Pepper Canyon, 
Canyonview, Fifth Dorms, Warren 
area. Great Sentimental Value, owner 
crying. cash reward. Dave 558-3705. 
(10/31-11/5) 

FOUND - WOMEN 'S SILVER 
BRACELET at Muir tennis courts 101 
24. Call 558-2081 toclaim. (11/2-11/5) 

$100 REWARD! Lost, UCSD red 
backpack with all homework. Contact 
Nghia. 558-6168. PLEASE I (11/2-111 
5) 

LOST: black checkbook capezio wal-
let in HSS 13309/29. Any info. please 
- 453-3752. (11/5) 

PERSONALS 
Beautiful outdoor dining overlooking 
Torrey Pines golf course! Tasty, nutri-
tious cuisine, all you can eat salad 
bar ... Choices 554-FOOD. (20% dis-
count wl UCSD ID). (9/24-11/30) 
Destinations Unknown presents 
Rosarito Beach FALL FESTIVAL. 
November 16-18, 2 nights/2days, 
transportation, accommodations, free 
parties, optional lobster dinner, only 
$75. See table in Price Center or CALL 
793-0492. (10/26-11/9) 
DRUMMER NEEDED - by guitarist, 
bassist. Have practice place. Call John 
F, 273-2145 or John T, 452-6403. 

Don't be a TURKEYI Spend Thanks-
giving in UTAH with RISCI Call 534-
448210 am-2 pm for infol (1115-1117) 
The SUN GOD is going on the All-Cal, 
are YOU? Get your ticket NOWI 534-
4482. (11/5-1117) 
STUDY, WORK IN ASIA"!! Groupadvis-
ing seSSion Tuesday, Nov. 6 1 :30-3pm, 
International Center Conference Room. 
(11/5) 
Are you stressed out? Feeling tired? 
Need to be motivated? If you are, the 
motivational tape center is the place for 
you. Call us. We'll get you going right. 
587-TAPE. (11/5-1119) 
More free gourmet hamburgers at 
Johnny Rockets! For details, see the 
display ad in Mondays GU3Idianl (You'll 
need the 2 for 1 coupon 11) (11/5) 
Doug, I heard meat misses you! (1115) 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISIS~ 

WE'VE GOT 
THE CURE! 

SIIipping Worldwide 
novelty items' gift wrapping' balloons· greeting cards 

Large selection of gift aruI. Shipping bdxes !~ .. 4305 La Jqlla Village Drive. UTC~Mall 
(next to Carlos Murphy's) 

1M 453-9993 
W • I ~ I OPEN DAILY 

DOMINO'S PIZZA® DEALS 
ARE WHAT'S COOKING. 

IT'S TIME FOR DOMINO'S PIZZA® 
CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Ct. 

HOURS: 
11 am-I am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 

----------~---------~ : PEPPERONI 2 LARGE 
I PIZZA FEAST ORIGINAL 
I One Medium OR TwoMedium CHEESE PIZZAS I ORIGINAL ORIGINALS 
: $7.99 r~~' $11.99 r~~' 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

One Medium Domino's 
ORlGINAL Pepperoni Pizza 
Feast, loaded with extra 
Pepperoni and extra Cheese for 
ONLY 57.99 plus tax or get two 
for just $4.00 more, ONLY 
511.99, plus tax. Offer good on 
Delivery or Carryout. JUST 
ASK! 

Not walk! with any other offer. 
Umited delivery arta 10 ensure sale driving. 
Our drivers ca~ less than S;ZO. 
Explns UJ3119O. 

$13.88 r~us 
Two Large Domino's 
ORlGINAL Cheese Pizzas for 
ONLY $13.88 plus tax. 
Toppings additional plus tax. 
Prices may vary. JUST ASK! 

: • 
I Valid at panidpiting store onl~. Not va1kJ 
I WIth any other offer. Pnea may VAry. Umiled delivery area to en.su~ safe driving. 
I OuT drivers carry less than $20. Expire. 12131190. 

THAI GRILLED CHICKEN RESTAURANT 

• FAX service 
• reports 
• desktop publishing 
• 1 -4 color printing 
• photo copies 

Hours: 

ItJ'A [)I:rcoa~t 
(Students/Faculty) 

Mon - Fri 8:30 -6;00 
Sot 11:00 - 3;00 

ON ANY TWO CHICKEN COMBINATIONS 

LA JOLLA 7728 Regents Rd. *501 

7770 Regents Rood Suite 111 (619) 546 • 7835 FAX (619) S46 - 7892 

... 



18 SPORTS T he UCSD Guardian 

The "Otherll Copy Center 

II" Self-Serve Macs II" Word processing 
"" Desktop Publishing 
"" Typewriters 

Expert Rssistance Rvoilob/e 

: .... ·25%· 0·;;· ... ~ 4150~1~~~~ 
• . I· La .blkl 
• All Macintosh s.rvICU • (Bv Ben & JeffY',,) 

• : with this ad • 457·1007 
• exolrn 11131190 • 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

-- --- ------~- - ----- --

-.. - Let Us Earn Our Stripes ! ~.-

When you start 
your career, there's 

nothing like initial success. 

- - - -
- - -
-
- ---
- - - -
- - - - - -
- - - - - -

- -
- - -
-

- II!> 

Exciting opportunities exist at mM! 
mM is recruiting 1990/1991 graduates and co-op 
candidates for openings in' Programming, 
Engineering, TechnIcal Writing and Technical 
Sales (BS/MS). 

Meet with ffiM Managers 
at Our Career Information Day 

Monday, November 12 
Price Center 
Ball room-A 
lOam-Spm 

T here is no formal presentation, so feel free to stop 
by anytime during the event. Please bring 4 copies of 
your data sheet/resume and transcript, if available. 
Dress is casual. 

An equal opponuniTY employer 

Monday, November 5, 1990 

FENCING 
Continued from page 20 
first-year UCSD Head Coach 
Alison Reed, as the Tritons per-
formed beyond her expectations. 

UCSD's men's foil team was 
the afternoon's big winner as 
freshman Grant Dawson, sopho-
more Aaron Shebest, and junior 
Kevin Mattson won three bouts 
apiece to lead the Tritons to a 9-0 
victory over Occidental. 

The men's sabre and epee teams 
didn't fare as well - the Tigers 
won both events by a score of 7-2. 

Occidental also won the overall 
competition, 14-13. 

Despite the setback, the men 
were not to be denied at least one 
victory on the afternoon, as they 
defeated UCLA by an overall score 
of 17-10. 

Both Dawson and She best won 
three bouts as the foil team domi-
nated the Bruins 8-1. Shebest has 
fenced well after finishing eighth 
out of a field of 30 in last month's 
UCSD "Blade Runner" fundraiser. 

"I was very pleased with men's 
foil," Reed said. "They actually 
did quite well." 

Bill Waddle and Darrel Reich 
won two bouts apiece for the epee 
team, leading it to a tight 5-4 vic-
tory over UCLA. 

"The men's sabre and epee 
teams did pretty well, considering 
their experience [level] ," Reed said 

"In general, I was very pleased. 
I don't think [I] could be any 
happier. I think with a few more 
meets under our belts, by next 
quarter we should be pretty good 
competitors." 

If the first match of the season is 
any indication of things to come, 
the UCSD women's fencing team 
will also be a force to be reckoned 
with. 

The Triton women faced only 
one opponent Saturday, easily de-
feating Occidental 11-5. 

The women - who use only 
the foil in their bouts - were led 
by junior Moriah McCalvey, who 
won all of her bouts, and junior 
Claudia Mendias and sophomore 
Amy Leung, who each won three 
out of four bouts. 

According to Reed, the key for 
UCSD is to gain experience and 
work out the technical aspects of 
fencing, both of which will enable 
them to succeed in a primarily 
"tactical sport that requires quick 
thinking and speedy reactions." 

"There's a lot of speed ... and 
you have to set up the opponent," 
Reed explained. 

"You have to make [your op-
ponent] do something ... at a pre-
dictable time so you can hit them. 
That's what fencing's all about." 

WE NEED HELP! 
Well, not really ... 
Bur we do Mui an 

ASSOCIATE 
SPORTS EDITOR 
Bring clips and resume to the 

Guardian offices, second 
floor o/the Student Center 

For More 
Infollnation, Contact 
Dana, Les, or Pete at 

534-6582 

Monday, November 5, 1990 

w. V-BALL 
Continued from page 20 
feated csu San Bernardino, 15-8, 
15-3,9-15,16-14. 

The UCSD gymnasium was 
filled with an enthusiastic crowd 
Friday night as UCSD (33-8) 
struggled to keep up with the quick 
pace of the Division I Gulls. 

Dannevik was hoping to try 
some new things, but the Tritons 
never got a chance to experiment. 

"USIU was in con trol," 
Dannevik said. "The game started 
fast. We're not used to playing that 
quick ly." 

Although the Tritons defeated 
USIU earlier this season, the 
Gulls played a much stronger game 
this time around. 

"We played without intelli-
gence," Dannevik said. "Our 
serving errors really hTJrt us." 

Dannevik noted that he made 
some mistakes as well, tncluding 
an angry outburst. 

''I'm used to having a much 
older team," he said. "I usually get 
a chance to coach the freshman for 
at least a year, yet all of a sudden I 
have two, three startingfreshman." 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD Top Seed in Region 
The UCSD women's volleyball team (ranked second in the 

nation) will be the top seed in the 1990 Division ill NCAA West 
Regional Playoffs, which begin Friday at Pomona-Pitzer. 

The Tritons, who have a first-round bye, will face the winner 
of the match between Greensboro and Colorado College. The 
other half ofthe West Regional will pit Pomona-Pitzer againstthe 
winner of the match between La Verne and CSU San Bernardino. 

UCSD lost in the finals of last year's West Regional to La 
Verne, ending the Tritons' bid for a fourth consecutive national 
championship. 

Other top seeds include the number one team in the nation, 
Washington (MO), to whom the Tritons lost in mid-October; 
College of St. Benedict, ranked third in Division m; and Juniata, 
the fourth-ranked team in the nation. 

young team." 
Among the few bright spots for 

the Tritons was Liz Vesanovic, 
who had one of her best games of 
the season with 12 kills and II 
digs. Vikki Van Duyne led the 
Tritons with 14 kills, while Eliza-
beth Tan added I I. 

It came a game late, but in 
contrast to the match against USIU, 
Saturday night presented plenty of 
opportunities for the Tritons to 
experiment before nationals. 

play in the front row. She quickly 
tallied four kills, and created a mi-
nor stir in the crowd. 

During the third game, how-
ever, the Tritons let the momen-
tum slip away a little as the Coy-
otes took control of the match until 
midway through the fourth game. 

At olle point, CSUSB was lead-
ing 14-8, butthe Tritons scored the 
next eight points behind the serv-
ing of Van Duyne and Dana 
Simone. 

SPORTS 19 

"I have to learn to understand 
that we are going to make mistakes 
in critical situations. We are a 

In fact, the most exciting mo-
ments came when 5' 6" sophomore 
Elizabeth Banez got a chance to 

In the process, UCSD shut down 
two Coyote game pointopportuni-
ties. 

BrI_" Morris/Guardian 
Freshman Heather Holtzclaw blocks a shot against USIU Friday. 

W.SOCCER 
Continued from page 20 
them on goal. 

And it went in. 
McManus described the game-

winning goal as "one of those 
things," where six people had a 
shot at heading the ball; and it just 
happened to land on the head of 
one of them. 

McManus said that the Tritons 
came very close to scoring on a 

number of opportunities, and that 
SallyWeigand,KarinLindsay,and 
Eva Kingsbury, in particular, put 
forth shots that were either just 
wide of the posts, just over the 
goal, or just to the right of the 
Macalester goalie. 

McManus did point out, how-
ever, that the Macalester goalie 
"played very well." 

The game may have meant a bit 
of revenge for Macalester Head 
Coach John Leaney, who coached 

veNd ._1oIIIng yogurt_In .... _ tIangIe. 
-Metropoiton rrogOline. June T990 VogurtToslelesT 

••• •••••••••••••••••••• 

UCSD to a 28-27-9 record in three 
years from 1984-86 including a 
15-5-4 record and a regional 
championship in 1986. 

Since Leaoey's last season with 
UCSD, the women's soccer team 
has reached the regionals each year, 
including the national champion-
ship game in each of the past two 
seasons. 

"I take nothing away from 
Macalester," McManus said. "It's 
ajust a shame that we've gone out 
the way we've gone out." 

A shame indeed. In fact, nearly 
a tragedy. 

After last year's first-ever na-
tional championship, the Tritons 
lost a number of key players to 
graduation, including goalie Julie 
Freiss, defender Toni Krumme, 
midfielder Felicia Faro, and for-
wards TeresaSchwaarandHeather 

Mauro. 
Mauro left as the Tritons' ca-

reer and single-season leader in 
both goals and points, Schwaar 
holds the UCSD record for assists, 
Faro finished in the lop three in 
every career and single-season of-
fensive record, and Freiss walked 
away with a career-best 48 shut-
outs under her belt. 

And then, before the 1990 sea-
son, the young and relatively in-
experienced Tritons suffered an-
other blow when junior scoring 
machine Katy Dulock went down 
with a season-ending stress-frac-
ture. 

And somehow, some way, 
McManus led his collection of 
rookies, recruits, transfers, and a 
small handful of experienced 
players to a 14-3-1 record with 13 
shutouts. 

--~--------------- ..-----.. ... 

· De .' • Buy a single or double 
_ ICOOP k:. e..am and . • : 2 for 1 ==;r.« :1 
• - -I 

Ca~ Copy 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

_ La .lola Colony 7770 Regenls Rd .. #108 (In lhe Von. Shopping Conler) 11 om-l0pmSlJn.·Thur$.; • I 
One coupon per CUltorM<. Expires 11/12/90 11 om-ll pmfrl. a Sal. • ~ •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ~ I 

JW!iKRIPI(E 
saaDds for women's 

rigbts and reproductive 
cboice. 

For 11437 

ffi SPECTRUM W PHOTO 
• 1 HR. PORTRAITS 

WI OVER 300 
BACKGROUNDS TO 
CHOOSE FROM I 

" BRING YOUR 
FRIENDS I I I 

• 1 HR. FILM DEV. 
• PASSPORT PHOTOS 
• CUSTOM COLOR, 

AND B&W LAB 
7050 MIRAMAR RD. 
S.D. 549 - 2941 ' .. . WOQ'll'E. !P'}{(YfO(j~P'JPY! 

I 
I 
I 

I • ; , ~ ~ 452 9949 
M F 8 30 b P m E> 11 26 90 
S.II 1 4 p m W,th UCSO 10 

ARE FRANK ZAPPA OR MICK JAGGER 
REALLY COMING TO THE THEATRE 
DEPARTMENT? 
THE ONLY WAY TO FIND OUT IS TO SIGN UP! 

THEATRE 114 - ROCK PERFORMANCE 
Monday/Wednesday, 5:00 to 6:20 p.m., WLH 2001. 
Study of American and European Rock PerfOimance as a 
theatrical activity. (4 units) Winter '91. 
Zappa, Jagger and many others have been invited as 
guest speakers and mayor may not accept invitations. 
Videos o/their work will be discussed regardLess. 

All this in what could have eas-
ily been a rebuilding year. 

"We've had a very successful 
year," McManus said. "We im-
proved every game - right up to 
the last game - and we showed 
great character." 

McManus, in his four years at 
the helm of the women's soccer 
team, has compiled an overall 
record of 67-10-7. 

Lindsay, a junior, led the 1990 
Tritons in goals (I I) and total points 
(24). 

Midfielder Kalyn Shea. also a 
junior, led the team in assists with 
seven. 

Saturday's game marked the 
final contest for midfielder and 
team captain Jennifer Kingsbury, 
and defender Diana Klintworth. 

The two fifth-year seniors are 
graduating. 

READ 

GU1IDIAN 
Monday 

Wednesday 
Friday 

We s1ay on top of the 
campus. 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most docloral sludenls (64,91%), after 
completing their coorse work. remain wilh 
a dissertaTion pending completion indefi· 
nitely. Among these ABDs (AJI·B:1·the· 
Dissertation) are generally found the 
brighTeST and most creative candidates. 
Addre~sing Those elements involved in de· 
laYIng ~etion. the workshop guides 
participants. ~om beginning to following 
through and completIOn. partlCUla~f after 
years 01 inacTivity and regardless of where 
Iiley are in the process. 

Wor1<shop information 
985-0426 

Posigraduate Group 



SPORTS 
20 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 5, 1990 

UCSD Guns Down St. Thomas 1-0 
• Men's Soccer Playoffs: UCSD moves into 
the NCAA Division III Quarterfinals with a 1-0 
win over the College of St. Thomas yesterday 
By Phil Gruen 
Senior Staff Writer 

Men's soccer Head Coach De-
rek Annstrong gave his team two 
days of rest following Thursday's 
physically grueling first round 
North Central-Far West Regional 
victory over CSU San Bernardino. 
The Tritons could have come in 
flat - they could have come in 
unprepared for yesterday 's regional 
final against the College of St. 
Thomas. But did they? 

Not a chance. 
Jarret Stevenson's goal off a 

combined assist from Mike Lodoen 
and Mike Gerhardt 38 minutes into 
the first half gave the Tritons their 
fir t - and only - goal of the 
game, as UCSD advanced to next 
weekend's quarterfinals wi th a 1-0 
regulation victory yesterday over 
the Tommies. But this game might 
as well have been something like 
3-0. Or 5-0. Or, perhaps, 1 1-0. 

11-1 in this contest, and about four 
or five of those shots on goal -
from inside the penalty box -
could have gone in, and, according 
to Annstrong, probably should 
have. 

"We're going to practice 
[working the ball around] the pen-
alty box," Armstrong said. "As a 

• NCAA QUARTERFINAL 
Wheaton vs. UCSD 
Site and time to be announced 

forward, you should know where 
to go. Our emphasis has not been 
on [working the ball around the 
penalty box] ." 

Where has the emphasis been in 
practice? Well, defense comes 
quickly to mind. And the Tritons 
had plenty of that yesterday, espe-
cially in the first half. 

Brian MorrlslGuardian 
Kevin Legg heads downfield in the Tritons' 1-0 win over St. Thomas yesterday in the Regional final. 

Not that it matters, of course, 
because St. Thomas never really 
came close to scoring in yesterday's 
game at the North Campus Sta-
dium. Well, okay, maybe it came 
close in the waning moments of 
regulation, but by then it was too 
little. And much, much too late. 

UCSD out-shot the Tommies 

Spearheaded by the tenacious 
play of Mike Alberts, the defense 
created plenty of opportunities for 
the offense and kept the ball on St. 
Thomas' end of the field for the 
majority of the first half. After a 
number of breakaways and shots 
on goal by Lodoen, Stevenson, and 
a rocket by Brian Bradbury, it ap-
peared as if it was only a matter of 

See M. SOCCER, Page 15 

Title Hopes·Washed Away 
• Women's Soccer Playoffs: The 
defending national champs outplay 
Macalester, but still fall 1-0 in overtime 
and are eliminated from the tourney 
By Phil Gruen 
Senior Staff Writer 

It was 65 degrees with clear skies on Friday afternoon in 
Winona, Minnesota, the site of Saturday'S West Regional 
women's soccer match between UCSD and Macalester 
College. 

Nobody would have thought that come Saturday, the 
temperature would plummet to 37 degrees and, approxi-
mately 10 minutes before game time, snow would begin to 
fall. 

Halfway through the game, the snow turned into rain, 
leaving the two teams to play in slushy conditions that were 
far from adequate. 

Fenci ng 'Ahead 
Of Schedule' 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Writer 

Imagine someone coming at you with a sharp 
sword. Now, visualize yourself trying to defend against 
your attacker while attempting your own counterat-
tack. 

Sound difficult? 
If 0, then you might under tand what fencing is all 

about. 
The UCSD men' s and women's fencing teams had 

to know their way around a foil and a abre Saturday 
afternoon as they hosted their fir t, and only, home 
match of the season, against UCLA and Occidental 
College. 

When Macalester' Jessie Ebertz headed in Corie Curtis' 
comer kick with six minutes left in the second overtime 
period, the Tritons' hopes of advancing and perhaps repeating 
as Division ill National Champions for the first time in the 
program's history were washed away. 

With the 1-0 victory, Macalester (14-3-2), seeded fourth 
in the West Region, advanced to the regional final. 

Top-seeded UCSD (14-3-1), returns home, victims of 
adverse weather conditions and a team that, judging from 
the evidence, was ovennatched and outplayed. 

"We controlled 75 percent of the game," UCSD Head 
Coach Brian McManus said. 

"[The weather conditions made] the whole game a 
complete lottery.lfwe had played [Macalester] on Friday, 
we would have beaten them." 

It would be difficult to argue with McManus ' words. 
UCSD took 20 shots during the game, seven of them on 
goal, while Macalcster took only three shots, only one of 

See W. SOCCER, Page 19 

Greg Benesl Guardian 
Jodie Robertson (/) and the Tritons slipped up in the 
Minnesota snow, falling to Macalester 1-0 in overtime. 

Volleyball Splits 
Last Two Games 
By Emily Rubin 
Guardian Reporter 

The UCSD women's volleyball team has finally 
reached the end of the road. And another one is 
starting. The road to a national champion hip. 

The Tritons ironed out the kinks in their play by 
splitting two matches this weekend in preparation for 
thi week's Division ill regional playoffs. 

The weekend, which UCSD Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik called "a learning experience" for both the 
players and himself, started out with a 10 s Friday 
night to cross-town rival U.S. International, 16-14, 
15-6,12-15,15-8. 

The match proved to be a fairly nice opener for 
See FENCING, Page 18 

Din Cripe/Guardian 
The Tritons took a step forward Saturday, splitting two matches. 

Saturday night, however, brought more "intelli-
gent" play, according to Dannevik, as UCSD de-

See W. V-BALL, Page 19 


