
The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 69, #11 

RIMAC 2-Day Turnout at 15%; 
Brochures. Cause Controversy 
By ANTON BfITNER 
News Editor 
and RANDY DOTING A 
Senior StajfWriter 

Over 15 percent of UCSD's 
student population turned out to 
vote on the controversial RIMAe 
referendum during voting Tues-
day and Wednesday. 

Voting continues today on the 
referendum, which proposes to 
increase the campus Recreation Fee 
by $70 a quarter to fund a Recrea-
tionlIntramuraVAthletic and Event 
Center (RIMAC). 

The increased fee would be 
levied when the center opens, esti-
mated to be in 1993. 

Approximately 1,500 students 
turned out at campus-wide polling 
places on Tuesday, and another 
I ,100 voted yesterday, according 
to Elections Coordinator Randy 
Woodard. 

Acoording to election rules, at 
least 20 percent of the student 
population most vote for the re-
sults to be valid. A turnout of 
approximately 850 voters must 
vote today in order for the 20 per-
cent threshold to be reached. 

However, according to A.S. 
President 10hn Ramirez, an even 
higher turnout may be needed if 
turnout reports are innaccurate or 
if votes arediSQualifieddue to ballot 

damage or other problems. 
Election results will be tallied 

this evening. 
The otherwise uneventful elec-

tion was tainted yesterday by 
charges of dection irregularities. 
Monty Kroopkin, a former UCSD 
student and present legal affairs 
coordinator for the New Indicator, 
claimed the election was "flawed" 
by the placement of allegedly bi-

ased RIMAC Planning Committee 
brochures on tables at polling 
places. 

Woodard said that RIMAC 
flyers put out by the Graduate 
Student Association (GSA), which 
opposes RIMAC, were also found 
within 50 feet of polling places. 

The referendum election, while 
not connected with the A.S., IS 
being run under A.S. election by-
laws, as required by UC sys-
temwide regulations. According to 
these bylaws, no campaigning is 
allowed within 50 feet of a polling 
place. 

When asked by a voter for in-
formation on RIMAC Wednesday 
afternoon, poll workers from the 
League of Women Voters on the 
gym steps pointed to the RIMAC 
Planning Committee brochures on 

A.S~ 'Sets Constitutional 
ConventionlD Motion· 
By HANNAH BJAt.iCHINI ," tion through a tw~ ap-
Reporw proval in the election. 

1be resolution calling for a Becker argued, however, 
Constitutional Convention. re- lbataresolutionwasn'tneeded 
submiUed by , A.S. Pre$i<lent ,~ it "unnece.ssarily ties 
John RamireZ' and Constitu- our bands" becau$e while the 

; tional Committee OIairRubcn ' AS.wm be obUg8ted to bo14 a 
Duran.waspassecllllMtnigblts ~, the ~t body 
A.S. meeting. ~ not know exactly what 

RamiJu and Duran called 'by want 
for a resolution to create a com- HealsoclaimedthattbcA.S. 
mittee that would deal with "wouktneed betweeIi $5.000 to 
amendments and bylaws. 'ti.Ooo just to alter the 

After a lenathy debate with CoaIdtuIioo, whereas ina gen-
opponenIS ortbe resolutioD; led ONIolection it would be free to 
by Third J~or Senator Larry , . ' die CODStitution tbroulh 
Becker. the resolution was '~ 
passedlS-3.lIICOIIIDleDdintbat , Another controversy in the 
a Constitutional Convention be"""" was based on the noise 
called. JeYel"dwina Price Center con-

RamiJez outlined the steps cons. Evidently, some physi-
the A.S. Council needed to call cfqintheStudentHealtbCen-
the Constitutiona1 Convention: .. CIanot hear the heartbeats 
passing a resolution callin& for of their patients. 
a convention, forming the Solutions to the problem dis-
constitution. discussing and cussedincludedbulldingwalls. 
amending it. placing items on planting trees, or even shutting 
either a special or general olec- down the Health Center from 

noon to one. 

the table, but said the information 
in the brochures wa the same as 
that written on the ballot. 

Apparently, some students had 
intentionally left the brochures on 
the tables at polling places after 
voting, Woodard said. Brochures 
were seen at the Main Gym, Muir 
College, and Price Center polling 
places. 

Woodard said he had the bro-
chures removed after being in-
formed of their presence, but felt 
that they did not violate election 
bylaws because the information in 
the brochures would influence 
voters to vote one way or the other. 

"They shouldn't be there, but 
they're not a rules violation," 
Woodard said. 

The brochures in question, 
published several weeks ago by 
the RIMAC Planning Committee 
to inform voters, have been criti-
cized by the GSA as being promo-

See RIMAe, page 7 

Rlmas UzgirislGuardian 
Student Dan Lorch prepares to vote on the RIMAe referendum. 
The informational brochure considered by some to be biased 
sits on a table at the Main Gym polling place. 

Students, Faculty Raise Questions 
About 'Fighting Words' Policy 
B lASON SNELL why there should be different rules tion," h~ sai~. 
A Y . N Ed' for different groups. There should Hams saId faculty members ssoclate ews /tor . . . . 

be rules for faculty members also." could face dlsclplmary actIon and 
The UC's controversial and as-

yet untested "fighting words" pol-
icy, which last September imposed 
restrictions on student speech, has 
continued to draw fire from those 
who challenge the policy's consti-
tutionality and question the fair-
ness of a regulation which leaves 
faculty members uneffected. 

The policy, established by UC 
President David Gardner, threat-
ens students with posible dismissal 
if they utter words that are "inher-
ently likely to provoke a violent 
reaction whether or not they actu-
ally do so," and was perportedly 
designed to minimize the potential 
for student-initiated verbal abuse. 

Although some unjversity 
administrators, both at UCSD and 
in the UC Office of the President, 
rally to the policy's defense when 
it is questioned, others are con-
cerned with what they see as in-
equities in the regulation. UCSD' s 
Acting Director of Student Legal 
Services lose Tabuena, for one, 
finds it difficult to accept the dif-
ferences between student and fac-
ulty regulations. 

But there are faculty rules, eventual dismissal for verbal har-
supporters of the fighting words assment under the existing faculty 
policy point out. regulations. 

While, according to UCSD "If there were enough evidence 
Student Conduct Coordinator against the faculty member, it 
Nicholas Aguilar, faculty mem- would lead eventually to a hearing 
bers do not fall under any kind of with the Academic Senate's Ten-
verbal harassment policy, he em- ure and Privilege ,·ornmittee. The 
phasized that faculty members are dismissal of the faculty member 
not free to verbally abuse students would be a possibility," she said. 
without fear of retribution. According to Harris, the entire 

Lynn Harris, manager of the judicial process surrounding a 
UCSD Academic Senate, ex- faculty or staff member accused of 
plained that existing faculty regu- verbal harassment would occur 
lations against discrimination "probably within three or four 
would have to be used if a faculty months." 
member were to verbally harass a Similarly, Aguilar indicated that 
student. if a student was brought up on 

"There is no specific regulation charges of verbal harassment, the 
in the faculty code that parallels judicial procedure would take "two 
the [fighting words] policy," she quarters at most." 
said. "But there are regulations Comparisons between student 
against discrimination by faculty and faculty conduct codes have 
on just about every level." taken some university administra-

David Krogh, special assistant tors by suprise. Only student 
to the chair of the UC Academic speech, the rule-makers seem to 
Senate, elaborated on the Faculty feel, is in need of stringent regula-
Code of Conduct, the set.of regula- tion. 
tions that parallels the Student "We've never considered the 
Conduct Code. fighting words policy as having 

"I don't think there should be a 
d isparity between how students and 
fr.culty members are threatened," 
he said. "Assuming the purpose of 
tt.e rfighting words] policy is to 
protect students' rights, I don't see ~~====~~======~~ 

tion ballot, and finally ratifica-

"If a faculty member were to any application on the faculty ide," 
verbally harass a student, it would Harris commented. "J don ' t even 
fall under the category of ' unac- think anything wa considered for 
ceptable conduct' in the code. The faculty member when the Office 
specific area it would most likely of the President designed the pol-
fall under would be discrimina- See WORDS, page 3 

FEATURES 
Long-Distance 
Phone Fraud 8 

HIATUS 
Prof's Pulitzer 
Piece Performed H 8 

SPORTS 
laseball Splits 
Opening Games 1 0 



CG UCNEWS ) 
Court Issues Injunction Against 
UC Berkeley Co-Op Residents 

While many residents of Barrington Hall at UC 
Berkeley moved out of the student cooperative over 
winter break, some have stayed in the house, only to 
receive a COUlt injunction because of their reported 
misbehavior. 

The California Superior Court last month banned 
Barrington residents from using the roof of the house 
after two neighbors reported being bombarded with ob-
jects thrown from the co-op. 

During winter break, the roof of Barrington - a three-
tory building spanning an entire city block - had 

become a site from which Barrington residents report-
edly launched a washer and dryer and several gallon of 
paint onto a house located next door to the co-op. 

"It looked like they were trying to throw it on our 
kylight, so [the people throwing objects] couldn't be 

seen on the roof," the owner of the home said. 
But on Jan. 5, San Francisco lawyer Donald Driscoll 

convinced Superior Court Judge Demetrius Agretelis to 
assert orally that the court will confine Barrington resi-
dents, some of them living illegally on the premises, 
from further damaging their neighbors' property. 

"What triggered us going 10 court was the dryer being 
thrown off the roof," Driscoll said. 

"It was thrown at night, sOlhere was no way to tell who 
was down there." 

The injunction forbids inhabitants from throwing items 
off the Barrington premise , but doe not comply with 
Dri coli ' s request that residents restrain from urinating 
out of Barrington or spray painting adjacent properties. 

University Students' Cooperative A sociation by-laws 
already forbid defacing the co-op or neighboring build-
ings and throwing objects from Barrington. 

Last November a majority of the 1,400 person co-op 
membership voted to close Barrington. Those voting 
with the majority said they thought that, for various 
reasons, the 60-year-old house was not worth keeping 
within the system. 

Ralph Jennings 
UCB Daily Californian 

Calvin and Hobbes 
PLAt-I!-\8) 10 T"I:.£ 1I\E 
O~ Off ~ sl'ffiO n~~ WITt{ 
,., ( ooM OF BllOOtES 

1fI~ B\)001E5 TRA'lEl l\G\\r 
MIl) nI£fRE I=I!I'I 1\) W>.VE 
~o. OlE TRA'lE1S 11'1 A 
1\Ol5\£R. M-iO 1\\E. OnlER 
IK A 1<11' Flfo..o;,K. 

Sif.PP8> our 
1~1O mE RAIK'/ 
STR£ITS ,,~\) 

R£'4IE~ED mE 
Ft>.C.TS . 1\1£l1,£ 
'riI:IlEl'iT l<IAl-\'I . 

10\'( t-\/>.~~ IS IIIIU.Er. 
w.ACER S\)U£\. WI\r-.T 

PCOI'\.£ CALL \01£ 1'5 SWI~iI1l~K,1 
£lS£ />.G/>.IIIl . n\ " PRI'4"'~ 
E'lE. IT 5"'15 'j;) 00 ~~ OOOR. . 

News Clips 
UCSB Plans To Increase Number 
of Minority Graduate Students 

Although the number of minority graduate students at 
UCSB has increased in recent years, the University has 
budgeted a $100,000 increase to fund minority fellow-
ship programs for the next academic year to improve en-
rollment even further. 

Figure for 1988-89 show that the UCSB graduate 
division offered only 12 minority fellowships. While it is 
not certain how many more fellowships will be made 
available with the new funding, many in the division 
were pleased about the possibilities. 

For an "individual campus ... it is a lot of money," 
Graduate Financial Support Director Pat Sheppard said. 

The extra money will not only expand the number of 
fellowships offered, but will allow the graduate school to 
attract a wider range of quality students, according to 
Graduate Division Dean Charles Li. 

"The augmentation of the fellowship fund will mean 
that we will have higher quality graduate students. We 
will be a more exciting and better research institution." 
Li said. 

The goal of the program is to "admit as many students 
that are eligible to attend the University that are minority 
as well as non-minority and have a diverse student 
body," according to Affirmative Action Coordinator 
Ray Huerta. 

How far the $100,000 will go depends on the students 
who apply for fellowships. Each graduate student is on a 
"mixed program" of teaching assistant and research 
assistant fellowships, Sheppard explained. The individ-
ual package that includes the two fellowships varies tre-
mendously for each student. 

The financial support system covers a student's tuition 
as well as offering $37 ,000 of aid over a four-year period. 

Michael Bayewitch 
UCSB Daily Nexus 

Possible Reverse Discrimination 
In UCB Admissions Investigated 

The u.s. Department of Education's Office of Civil 
Rights is investigating charges of reverse discrimination 
against white applicants at UC Berkeley due to alleged 
use of illegal quotas for specific minorities. 

The focus of the investigation will center on fall 1989 
first-year student admissions to the College of Letters 

nI~ ~ST nllNG t wlI~m 
TIllS IIIORNlt\1i 'tI~S A c:I6E 
10 ~'fE, BuT \\1£ I)M<\£ 
'1\\\0 B~"T IT y.y.."" 

PER~III\.SWE . ~ST OAMIOS 
~E , S:>I'I£IiOW . 

OJtst I~S P()\)I!. DO'tIK 1I1'l:. 
n1E I<J>.IN . \'IOO..a£ \\-IES£ 
MlGS· W~T ~tl!£. 1\£1l'K~ING 
"R) "C(~I'I.ISI\ ~ ~I\'\ wt-.').lK.I:. 
IN S~ A 1i\lQ:R'I 7 M-iO ~\\AT 

\)I~ROK£ DOCS IT M~ 
'fI1IER'e. 1\IE'( s\AA.~\) FRQIII ?.> 

by Bill Watterson 

I \\AI) Po. WJtKI-\ 
\\lAT. BE~ 
WI'S w~":> C.~R , 
1'1> SE SOAA.,( 

1 Po.SI(£\) . 

(fIRsT 1 ~IGUREO 1'0 TR'I Wt: 
DtR"(lt-IS tlAME: . SUSIE. N-40 t 
\'l£.'i£R ~IT IT OfF. />.lWOOGIl 
OCOSIONII.Lli 'tiE I<IT E,.,O·1 

()~~R . 

SUSIE \lA\) A \'ACE 1\\A.T 
~ESTE\) S\:)Io\£.BOO'/ 
UPSTMRS I<I>.\) (>. W8RD 
SENSE ~ I\UMOR . BUT r 
WASN"T GC>\~ TO I\£R I'lIlCf 
Fo\< LAUGI-\S. 1 \'\£\:.tlED 

l\I~ ~i I lOOl(£{) t>.T IT. 
IkR,(I\-l". A~O A"'8JLl.~ 
S,",VG FOR A. OAM£ '«\\0 
~/>.O A. I1E"-\) ~ KIlMG£RS 

~NO ~\ M\JC\\ ME . 
MJ.'\&. ~ GOT ~IW\-lG 
00 JKI(. "t-ID .Jo( n\E 

~Sii()~ IS . '/Illl '* SIl"\\; ? 

NO. I WCt-\T lEl. "OJ 
Wilfo..T 11\£ ~~S~ER \':.! 
00 '1ooR OlIN ~\( ! 

~fCR"'fo..T\oN 

and Science, officials said. 
A complaint was filed in July with the San Francisco 

regional Office of Civil Rights (OCR) by Sausalito com-
puterexpert Arthur Hu, said Henry Der, executivedirec-
tor of Chinese for Affirmative Action. 

Hu compiled UC Berkeley admissions statistics to 
establish a pattern of discrimination against white appli-
cants by maintaining quotas for blacks, Hispanics, and 
Filipinos, Der said. 

Hu, who used to teach at the Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology, could not be reached for comment. 

UC Berkeley Chancellor Ira Michael Heyman said the 
University has not breached any legal boundaries. 

"I look forward to providing full information to inves-
tigators . 1 am convinced that Berkeley took the right 
course toward the right goals . 

"The undergraduate student body has a diversity 
unmatched among campuses with high academic stan-
dards. Yet these achievements are not at the expense of 
quality," Heyman said. 

Campus spokesman Ray Colvig said that since UC 
Berkeley is more integrated than other universities, 
"people look to see what we're doing." 

"OCR acts on the basis of a complaint," Colvig said. 
"They have information that could indicate discrimina-
tion, but they do not prejudge the outcome." 

Federal officials are currently conducting "full-scale 
reviews" of admissions procedures for Asian-American 
applicants at UCLA and Harvard University, where all 
aspects of the admissions process are being examined. 

The probe at Berkeley is not as extensive, said John 
Palomino, OCR regional director. 

An OCR representative will examine a variety of 
written material, including applications packets, selec-
tion criteria, and enrollment data, and will talk tocampus 
officials and others. 

If any violation are found, corrective action will be 
taken through negotiations between the federal agency 
and the University. 

The University has been "cooperative," Palomino 
said. He did not know when the investigation would be 
completed. 

Allen Lue 
UCB Daily Californian 

(~UCSD NEWS) 
Committee For World Democracy 
To Show Film On American Labor 

The Committee for World Democracy political film 
series will show "Matewan" on Feb. 9 at TLH 110 at 7 
p.m. "Matewan" delves deeply into the moral and social 
issues that helped forge the American labor movement of 
the early twentieth century. The film is based on a real-
life incident between miners and management which 
came to be known as the " Matewan Massacre." Admis-
sion is free. 

UCSD To Host Class Of 2001 In 
'Teach For America Day' Event 

This Saturday from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. UCSD's Teach 
For America organization will celebrate "Teach For 
America Day" by hosting the fifth grade at Jackson 
Elementary School (part ofthe college class of 200 I) for 
a day of "teaching" and poster-making in support of edu-
cation and teachers. The purpose of the day is to mobilize 
campus support for teaching in America. 

Mandeville Gallery Exhibits 
Photography Of Four Students 

An exhibition of photographs titled "Take A Good 
Look" opens Monday, Feb. 12, and runs until Friday, 
Feb. 16, in the Mandeville Annex Gallery. 

The exhibition features more than 35 photographs by 
four former or current student photographers: Tanya 
Pedneau, Paul Mackey, Conrad Covento, and Melissa 
Niss. 

The exhibition was assembled to stimulate a critical 
reflection of censorship in our society. Each photogra-
pher produced works that reflect their interpretation of 
censorship. Censorship controversies investigated in-
clude abortion, pornography, and rock music. 

For more information, call 558-1090. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason Snell, Assocuw News Editor 

Thursday, February 8,1990 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

WORDS: Policy Draws Criticism About Constitutionality and Fairness 
Continued from page 1 
icy. One always assumes that fac-
ulty members are above all this." 

Harris said that only two cases 
against UCSD faculty members 
have been brought to the Commit-
tee on Pri vi ledge and Tenure in the 
past five years, while Aguilar said 
he has seen "several" cases which 
might have fallen under the stu-
dent policy. 

Aguilar added that he could not 
speculate on the exact workings of 
the fighting words policy in regard 
to students because no cases have 
been brought to him as yet. He did, 
however, point out that the sys-
tems under which students and 
faculty would be judged for al-
leged breaches of conduct codes 
are different. 

Harris went so far as to say that 
it is "conceivable" that it would be 
more difficult to punish a faculty 
member for verbal harassment than 
it would be to punish a student for 
an identical offense. 

"Using a broad-based interpre-
tation of the [faculty] discrimina-
tion rules," Hanis said, could al-
low faculty members to be pun-
ished for verbal abuse but, she 
noted, those who would interpret 
such rules are likely to interpret 
them narrOWly. 

Should a student ever be taken 
to taskforthe uSe offighting words, 
one campus legal expert said, they 
would not be likely to get much 

assistance from Student Legal 
Services. 

According to Tabuena, legal 
experts from Student Legal Serv-
ices are technically part of the 
university administration and could 
not, therefore, defend students 
believed to be in violation of the 
policy. 

"I would probably give the 
students in question initial infor-
mation about their rights and where 
they could go for help, but I 

a constitutionally sanctioned pol-
icy. 

"After President Gardner initi-
ated the policy, he worked with a 
team of attorneys to make sure it 
would be constitutional," said 
Laurie Itow, one of Gardner 's 
representatives. 

Aguilar explained that the first 
paragraph of the fighting words 
policy strongly resembles the lan-
guage of the high court's opinion. 

According to Goldberg, how-

Skokie case has taken precedent 
over the Chaplinsky ruling, since 
the General Counsel's opinion was 
written in June of 1989. 

"I'm very confident that if the 
(C hap{ insky case] had been super-
seded, it would not have been cited. 
I'm peSSimistic about the idea that 
the policy has been made uncon-
stitutional," Aguilar said. 

Yet another criticism of the 
policy has been leveled by UCSD 
Literature Professor Stephen Cox, 

the edi tor of Uberty maga-
zine and head of the Aca-

wouldn't be able to do much ----------------
more than that," he said. 

But legal defense is not 
the centr.al issue raised by 
the fighting words policy, in 
the view of one student 
group. Stephen Goldberg, 
president ofUCSO 's Speech 
and Debate Society, believes 
the policy raises far larger 

'I don't think we need any 
extra ..• unconstitutionally 
vague regulation, especially 
one which is open to anti-
libertarian interpretation' 

demic Senate 's commit-
tee on education policy. 
Accordingtohim, the con-
troversial policy is simply 
unnecessary. 

He feels there is no need 
for a student code to in-

concerns. 

"The fighting words policy is 
total garbage. It 's blatantly uncon-
stitutional," he said, taking iss"ue 
with Chap/insky v. New Hamp-
shire, the 1942 Supreme Court 
ruling UC administrators :lay the 
policy is based upon. The ruling 
meant that verbal harassinent could 
be considered assault, just like 
physical violence. 

Tabuena, despite his problems 
with the lack of a faculty regula-
tion to parallel the student policy, 
said that the precedent set by 
Chap/insky makes fighting words 

-Professor Stephen Cox sure against verbal abuse 
because "A person 's right 

not be be harassed is protected in 
the law. Idon'tthink we need any 
extra ... unconstitutionally vague 
regulation, especially one which is 
open to anti-libertarian interpreta-

ever, the Supreme Court case 
reversed Chaplinsky in a 1978 case 
based on an incident in Skokie, 
lllinois. 

"The ruling basically removed 
the fighting words doctrine from 
the law. The UC's policy is a 
blatant violation of the First 
Amendment, and the Supreme 
Court agrees with me," he said. 

Aguilar denied Goldberg's al-
legations of unconstitutionality. 

"The policy is not unconstitu-
tional according to the UC General 
Counsel. I'd be surprised if the 

tion. " 
Neither is there need for a spe-

cific faculty fighting words policy, 
Cox feels, because verbal harass-
ment by faculty members would 
be, he said, clearly unprofessional. 

"If a faculty member verbally 
assaulted a student, it would be 
considered as being contrary to 
professional standards and the 

University would immed iately take 
action. I don 't think our ability to 
punish somebody is reduced to 
following the leiter of the law. 

"I f someone is verball y assault-
ing a student, they're not doing 
their job. If a librarian were to 
verbally assault a patron, we 
wouldn't need a policy specifi-
cally regulating that action- it 
would be clear that the librarian 
was acting unprofessionally and 
not doing their job," Cox said. 

Although the fighting words 
policy has no faculty counterpart, 
Aguilar explained that the UC's 
Faculty Committee is currently 
considering the adoption of the· 
' Fair and Open Academic Envi-
ronment' statement against all 
forms of discrimination and preju-
dice by faculty . 

The statement, unanimously 
approved by the UC Academic 
Council before being sent on to the 
Faculty Committee, would call on 
the UC to "establish a program 
designed to raise the awareness of 
faculty and staff ... to potentially 
prejudicial or discriminatory prac-
tices and behaviors," and states 
that the UC should "assure that 
effectiveness in creati ng a fair and 
open environment is considered in 
the evaluation of teaching." 

But the statement, Krogh ex-
plained, is a simple declaration of 
ideals, rather than a disciplinary 
policy for faculty members. 

•••••••••••••••••••• • •• 
: EAT CHEAPI ~ \.!~ 
· ~~ 
• UCSD Lunch Specials N • Does God Know You? 

HOW OffEN DO YOU ASK YOURSELF, DOES GOD EXIST? HOW 
often have people asked if you believe in God? Are you com forab Ie with your 
beliefs? Can you live with them? 

ImerVarsity Christian Fellowship (IVCF) is sponsoring a campus speaker 
named Cliffe Knechtle during the week of February 12-16, 1990. He will be 
addressing questions like these, and we encourage you to present your ques-
tions/problems with Christianity and other religions in an informal discussion 
with Cliffe. Cliffe will be in the following places: 

Monday and Tuesday, Feb. 12 and 13, 12·2 p.m. in the Price Center 
Thursday and Friday, Feb. 15 and 16,12.2 p.Ol. in Revelle Plaza 
Thursday Night, Feb. 15,7.8:30, Small Ballroom in the Price Center 

Students from IVCF will be sponsoring small group Bible discussions for the 
weeks that follow Cliffe's visit. The purpose of this is to look at the historical 
figure of Jesus Christ. Please talk with someone from IVCF at the Price Center 
or Revelle Plaza or at the IVCF Booktable if you are interested. 

LIVE! At 'BE UCSD 'RItON PI 

RBRODY 10 • SATURDAY • 8 P. • .... 1'1'0. POB 
aeSD ST. •• 00 • GaERAL 88.00 
~~~S71Ir'" • geSD BOX orneE • B34-tSBI 

= All Nlte Long ~$' = 
: El's famous lunch specials now available all ~9 : 
• night to UCSD students, faculty and staff with J.D. • 
• • t&5~ ON. - Spaghettioi with marinara • ~ IUB. - Cicero (.meatball) Sandwich ,,,25 • ~ ~ ~ WID. - Mini-P~ with soft drink" • 

~~ IIIUIII. - Individual Stuffed Pizza • 
~'" ,~~,~ ,m. -Homemade Lasagna with meat sauce • 
f'SGI; ,.~ {)jn<N .. onJyfor'bIs$pCUlloJl ... AII~IrU:/uMSiIItMJ.s-..IOMi.!J(JI. 

~. . 
• 73 VUlalaJoUa Dr. !aJolia Village Center 455·0662 • 
• UCSD's original Pizzeria Is still tbe best! li.o;pi"" 2mI9O • 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Open 7 Days 
Lunch: I 1:30- 2:30 
Dinner: 5:00- 9:30 

71shoJa 
CUISINE Of' INDIA 

irard Avenue, La 

atioos 454·6263 , 
ate Price . All major cr. 
cards are accepted. 

.... rnerof lower Girard and "-.ctSt.) 

20% OFF 
for all UCSD Students, 

Faculty and Stalf* 
-Excluding Fri .• Sat .• Sun. & Holidays 

I Please pre.ent coupon when ordering. Di8COunt doe. not apply to Buffet. 

BUFF.T LUNCH 
All You Can Eat 
Everyday $6.95 

L ___________ ,,~ _____________ -' 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 8, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

SETH SLATER. Editor in Chief 
DA VID WYNER. Managing Editor 
ANTON BIlTNER, News Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE. News Editor 
DAVID BURKHART. Opinion Editor 

The UCSD Guardian i publ ished Iwt« wed:ly at the University ofC.liromi" San DlCSO. Contcnts 0 1990. 
Vicws tllpres.scd he~ln reprtSC:n l the majority v04cof'thecditorial bocu'd. and 3rt not necessarily those of the 
UC Board 0( Rcgenrs, the ASUCSD. nor the enlire GuardiDll ilaIT. 

Communism 

Constant Surprises 
After months of change in the communist world, we should be 

jaded. Nothing should surprise us. Free elections? But of course. 
A former dissident playwright head of Czechoslovakia? No big 
deal. 

But that's not the way it has worked. Seeing protesters march-
ing on Red Square. in the very heart of Moscow. and watching 
people wave the old czarist Russian flag in the shadow of the 
Kremlin - well , it 's constant surprise. 

1989 was a runaway train, with events spiraling out of control 
around the world - but. amazingly, out of control in what we 
hope is a positive way. Democracy seems to be the way of the 
future throughout the Eastern Bloc. 

Now, barely into the 199Os, we see the most amazing develop-
ment of all : the Soviet Union is on its way to a pluralistic politi-
cal system. Gorbachev appears to be consolidating his control in 
the face of stiff opposition from the hard-line communists and 
Russian chauvinists. and he appears to be making some real steps 

toward a market economy. 
But appearances aren't everything. This editorial is being 

written Tuesday; by the time you read it. the situation may have 
changed completely. That's the danger of commenting on the 
situation in the (formerly) communist world. 

There are serious issues to consider, however. Can these 
nations really form stable democracies? Can Gorbachev main-
tain power? Can the Soviet Union hold together? 

The answers are almost impossible to predict. But it can be 
said that fonni ng a democracy is not as easy a task as those in the 
United States often think. In order to insure true liberty. demo-
cratic governments must carefully balance the will of the major-
ity against the rights of minorities. This means minorities of all 
kinds; and the United States itself has had tremendous difficulty 
with this. To be a black, a communist, or even a woman - not 
even a minority - in America has often meant facing profound 
discrimination. 

Bulgaria is an example of this . Many people there interpreted 
democracy as the right of the majority to finally deal with the 
pesky Turkish minority. A fractured Eastern Europe. combined 
with a dissolved Soviet Union, could greatly intensify these 
problems. It could become a region with borders almost arbitrar-
ily drawn. overlapping nationalities - a region reminiscent of 
Western Europe in the 1910s.It would be a powderkeg. 

The Soviet Union incorporated many nations into its structure 
with intense nationalistic and ethnic conflicts. It has moderated 
those conflicts by cracking down on any expression of them. 
Now, with glasnost. it faces the problem of many of the estab-
lished democracies - how to deal with nationalist conflict in an 
open society. Imagine Gorbachev faced with not one. but twenty 
or thirty equivalents of the Irish Republican Anny. Im.agine 
lntifadas breaking out across the USSR. How long would hberty 
last then? And how long would the Russian people tolerate it? 

It is easy to be optimistic and take joy in growing democracy. 
But the irony is that we may one day look back on the Cold War 
as a golden age of stability; a sort of Pax Superpowers. We must 
be optimistic. though - rising individual freedoms and liberty 
has to be greeted with happiness. We cannot. however, greet it 
with complacency; we must expect more surprises. 

A Strange Brew: Politics and Leisure 
Editor: 

Sadly enough, student leisure 
has become the center of student 
politics. 

Instead of providing the stu-
dents with a relaxing diversion to 
rigorous class loads . certain 
members of the A.S. remain zeal-
ous in their drive tocontortTGs to 
their own political ends. As noted 
in Monday's issue. specific stu-
dent politicians have felt it their 
personal need to place the stamp 
of culture on our lives. This pater-
nalistic attitude, if continued, will 
paradoxically limit the cultural 
horizons that the A.S. so desires to 
expand. 

evening. the A.S. should concern 
itself with bettering the social and 
cultural situation at UCSD. Em-
phasis should be placed not on 
casual social events. but rather on 
creating alternative venues for 
culturally diverse groups. 

This of course is not the case, 
as the council has targeted poor 
Mr. Schnurer as the scapegoat of 
its own inability to provide viable 
altemati ves. Bludgeoned by Presi-
dent John Ramirez's personal 
wishes , A.S. Commisioner of 
Programming Matt Schnurer now 
finds it more difficult to bring 
better bands, bands that many more 
students seem to enjoy, to UCSD. 

And so the vicious cycle contin-
ues. Rather than provide creative 
options, as any good leader should. 
John Ramirezcomplains andcriti-
cizes those who bring diversity 
onto this campus. 

In doing so. he thus naively 
hampers Mr. Schnurer's possibili-
ties 'and we're left with the hum-
drum TGs reminiscent oflast year. 
Worse yet. we sink even further 
into the cultural quicksand that 
A.S . wishes to drag us out of. It is 
with little wonder that so many, 
like Mr. Schnurer, lose faith in the 
system that claims to work for 
them. 

Robert Lloyd 
The belief that TOs should be 

the center of cultural attention is 
questionable at besl. This idea of 
cultural enrichment through so-
cial means failed miserably last 
year when students either avoided 
the TOs altogether or only came 
for the free liquid refreshments. 
Obviously, students had little in-
terest in listening to "world beat." 
or more specifically, "just another 
reggae band." 

Rape Display Educational 

More importantly, however, is 
how this stance fails on its own 
grounds. The belief that TGs can 
furnish the solution to campus 
cultural problems. which council 
members must believe exist, ironi-
cally shows the lack of alterna-
tives available at UCSD. Instead 
of resting all the weight on the 
shoulders of any given Friday 

Editor: 
-The display about rape at the 

Humanities Library has received 
a lot of attention and positive 
comments. But a letter in the Feb. 
I issue caught my attention. 

A portion of this display is a 
poster of a male and female sym-
bol and their respective experi-
ences concerning a sexual encoun-
ter,side by side,-themale's ver-
sion first and the female's version 
second. 

Mr. Wagner states that "The 
man was portrayed as cold ... ig-
noring the woman's struggle" and 
"how she had been devastated by 
the crime." Unfortunately, what 
Mr. Wagner read was a very real 

Don't Mess With The TGs 
Editor: 

I had my interest sparked when 
reading David Burkhart's Feb. 5 
column concerning the "cultural 
TGIF' issue. 

I can understa nd John 
Ramirez's concern for cultural 
diversity and cultural awareness, 
and I think music is a great way to 
educate people. but - yes, but-
why should he take an already 
successful program and mutate it? 
Why can't a new program or fo-
rum be made for the purposes of 
cultural events of any media? 

I don't think anyone created 
the TO as an educational project 
(there usually isn't free beer served 
at educational projects), and I don 't 
think music has to be didactic to 
be enjoyable. 

I certainly hope that Matt 
Schnurer will not be discouraged, 
although he seems to have every 
right if the A.S. is only criticizing 
and not helping him. 

I also hope that the TGIF pro-
gram continues with its diverse, 
popular music. 

Paula Caballero 

and very typical incident of ac-
quaintance rape. 

I chose this particular story to 
display at the entrance of the I i-
brary because it is the most com-
mon type of scenario occurring in 
date rape on college campuses 
today; an apparently nice guy/girl 
catches your eye, you both agree 
on getting together (for a date or 
whatever), but your expectations 
may be different, your communi-
cation may be inefficient and the 
possibility of rape may become 
very real. 

This is notlheonly kind of rape 
addressed by the display, how-
ever. A cabinet-full of informa-
tion. articles and resources on rape 
and sexual assault was also com-
piled. For example. a vignette 
addressing male rape was part of 
the project for those who wished 
to il)quire about such a topic. 

Although 25 percent of col-
lege-aged women have been or 
will be victims ofrape or attempted 
rape, about 20 percent of boys 
under the age of 18 are victims of 
incest or rape. Since we are all 
college students here, the topic of 
date rape amongst students seems 
to be where more emphasis is 
needed. 

Mr. Wagner also seemed con-

See RAPE, page 5 

Thursday, February 8, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

The Arrogance of Numbers ... 
NEW YORK - To hear the chairman of the means the teacher didn't like our footnotes or our 

Federal Reserve Board tell it. the United States bibliography. 
has a 20 peTCent chance of slipping into a reces- But it also could mean that the teacher's child 
sion in the next six months, compared with a 30 knocked over a dish while she was grading that 
percent chance last spring; unless, of course, we paper. Maybe it means the teacher opened her 
use a different measuring system, under which bills just before-sitting down to work. By the time 
the chances of a recession are about 10 percent. oureducatiooiscomplete, we sbould have learned 

Now you might think that the Fed chainnan. not to trust in the sanctity of such numbers. 
AJan Greenspan. would be a bit humble about is- Instead, we reach voting age and are turned 
suing this ldnd of estimate, considering tbat it was over to the mercy of the pollsters. who can tell us 
Greenspan who described ,.---::..-----------, who would win the dec-
in glowing tenns the Lin- Jeff Greenfield tion if the election were 

held today. and whether we 
feel our candidates are 

coin Savings and Loan Co. 
just a few years ago. Universal Press Syndicate 

Now that Lincoln bas 
crashed with a $2.5 bi1lion thud, maybe Green-
span - wbo was paid bis "usual fee" by Charles 
Keating for his purely objective analysis- would 
think twice before putting forth such statistical 
tommyrot. 

Fat chance; Greenspan, like just about every-
one else in the public arena, is bedazzled by 
numbers. obsessed by numbers. bypnotized by 
numbers, addicted to numbers. Put a number 
anywhere in a sentence otherwise jammed with 
bafflegab, and everyone puts on a straight face, 
nods knowingly and treats the speaker as a serious 
person of significance. 

My own feeling is that this all starts with the 
weather forecasters. Day after day, we awake to 
the news that there is a "30 percent chance of 
showers." 

What does this mean to me? Should I carry my 
umbrella a tbird of the way to work? Or drape my 
raincoat over my left shoulder? Of course not; 
what it means is that the weatherman really doesn't 
know if it is going to rain or not. 

In higb school and college, we get graded on 
term papers and essays. What does it mean if we 
get a 76 instead of an 88 on our paper? Maybe it 

strong. honest, funny, com-
passionate, care about people like us. or brush 
regularly afterevery meal. 

These worthies not only quaintify all of this, 
but also tell us how wrong they may be ("these 
figures have an error factor of plus or minus 6 
percent''). 

And somehow, after every election, when 17-
point leads become IO-point defeats, when - ac-
cording to their numbers - tens of millions of 
voters swing back and forth between candidates. 
the pollsters tell us about a "volatile" electorate. 
and we nod ourheads sagely and wait for the next 
set of numbers. 

So why should it surprise us when important 
elected officials sitbehind adais and listen thougbt-
fully when an important appointed official throws 
out numbers that have the probity of a football 
betting line? • 

H we really wanted a whiff of truth in these 
numbers games, we would insist that every ec0-
nomic forecast. every poD report. be preceded by 
a compulsory reading of "Tbe Emperor's New 
Clothes." That fairy talc has a 93 percent chance 
of capturing the current mood - plus or minus 
3.6 percent. of <?OUr5C. 

Rape 
Continued from page 4 
cemed with the racial aspect of 
crime. Although his comrnentwas 
really not needed, not to mention 
erroneous. this too was addressed 
in the display. A separate vignette 
was dedicated to this topic. and 
may have surprised Mr. Wagner. 
It states that rapes. as with most 
other crimes, are prevalently in-
traracial, meaning that they occur 
within the same racial or ethnic 
group. 

The vignette also states a very 
real truth of interracial rapes: more 
involve white men raping black 
women than the other way around 
(let us not forget the legalized rape 
of black women-slave or other-
wise - in our not too distant his-
tory). 

The display of date rape is an 

OPINION 5 

attempt to deal with a very serious 
problem on our campus. it is not 
an attempt to discriminate against 
or injure any group of persons. 

If Mr. Wagner, or others. do 
not like what they read en that 
display. they are welcome to join 
efforts at Student Safety Aware-
ness Program. Student Affirma-
tive Action Committee and other 
campus programs and offices. It is 
not a matter of changing a display, 
a paragraph. or a sentence; it is a 
matter of changing behaviors and 
attitudes. 

Sonia Nunez 

The UCSD Guardian wekomes your 
letter>. Drop your ieIIor at !he Guardian 
offices (in the Student Center, where !he 
A.S. ollie •• used 10 be) 0< moil it 10: 
Opinion Editor. n.. Guaidion, UCSO, 
IH1I6. La JoIIo. CA 92093 
Letter> should be typed, double-spaced 

ond must inclvcle a signature and phone 
number. W. reserve the right 10 ed~ 
Iette" for length and clority. 

A Few Assorted Vinyl Points 
Editor: 

I would like to call your atten-
tion to two items in the article 
"Assorted CDs?" (Guardian , Jan. 
29) Both concern the statement 
..... don·t expect Assorted Vinyl to 
change its narne - CDs are also 
made of vinyl." 

The first of these is the fact that 
CDs are not made of vinyl. A 
compact disk is made of alumi-
num. The discs are coated with a 
clear plastic to protect the scan-
ning surface. 

The second point is that in all 
honesty. the store really should 

nor be called "Assorted Vinyl." 
The only Assorted Vinyl was the 
crazy, disorganized hole-in-the-
Student-Center-wall. Flawed as it 
was. the imperfections carne with 
the store. The Price Center store is 
not. and will never be. Assorted 
Vinyl. Assorted Vinyl ceased to 
exist at the close of Winter quarter 
in 1989. To call the Price Center 
store by that name is not only 
inaccurate, in light of the current 
changes. but misleading as well. 

Sharon Lai 
Ex-General Manager, 

Assorted Vinyl 

THIRD A Tribute to ALL STUDENTS WELCOME TO ATTEND!!! 
COLLEGE 

Presents 

FebrualY 8th 
7:30p.m. 
Ericson Hall 

located at the 
lower level in Mandeville 

Reception to follow. 

For more information, please 
call the Third College Dean's 

Office at 534·4390. 

Alrican-American 

Oral Tradition 

Her extended flImlly 'played a 
great role In moulding her for It 
wss In the midst of 
grandparents, Bunts, uncles, 
cousins, she first heard the 
Aneestrsl Stories. She now 
stands ready to share stories 
she has gathered and those she 
creates. Her mission Is to share 
the majesty of the past as Black 
People and to forge a vision of 
the boundlessness of tfNI future. 

HE 

Given By 
STUDENT BODY PRESIDENT 

JOHN RAMIREZ 
and 

COLLEGE COUNCIL 
REPRESENTATIVES 

FRIDAY 
FEBRUARY 16, 1990 

PRICE CENTER PLAZA 
12:15 - 1:00 pm 

Adressing Concerns and Issues 
presently affecting the Students at 

UCSD. 

SPONSORED BY ASUCSD 



6 OPINION 

• 

SETH SLATER, Editor In Chit! 
DA VID WY ER, Managing Editor 
ANTON BITINER, N .... , Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, Opinion Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN. A<social< Spans Edilor 
J AMES COLLIER. FtatfU.s Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE, Ntws Ediw 
BRYAN DlAS,Mouic Editor 
RANDY DOTI GA, Copy Editor 
DOREEN ERENEA, Associalt! FetJll~rt.S Editor 
PHIL GRUEN. Spans Editor 
PATRICIA JETI1E, H14tou Editor 
GAIL JOHNSO ,Associal< Photo Editor 
LENG LOH. AsJocialt HiatUJ Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Editor 
J ASON SNELL, Associal< N .... s Editor 
RlMAS UZGIRIS, Phtxo Editor 
BOB OoANDREA. Boui",ss Manag., 
MICHAEL FOULKS, ,I,d\·tniJing Manag., 
MIKE MARTINEZ. AdYtnisi.g DtSig .. r 
Eo LEIGH HENRY, C/assifj<d Manag., 

CJvdlJN Huwr, BNn 1I0w, JoM Shaw, Audtey L)'II w~ 
St.n W'I'it«s: John AsuAcion, I..auta 1bUr, MItt. 8M&. 8tft 
8o)chuk. Ene &roM. Us Bnivold, Cynltlil OItapbeli. Soott 

JuheHeiI'QJer, lMaHe.ar"AdM\L..evy,Dllve~. James 
M~Il'ICf • .kaQi.n.Dlondf\D:ha. T~R1uu&i..DouaSMddk.. 
JeM Suzilkl. Nicoll WIuIdad. )eaurcr YInOt)' 

~Mn: MicMel AMid. Orq Iknes.. Jmltl Kolsky, 
COl')' l.icbcbiD. Fra LIn. BriIn Mom.s. Ft.1.Al&Wp 
IUIIIII'MOn: Mdo Cooper, Tatty FUO'IICI. c.n. &..eW. Mel 
-. Kay Roe. Ty!orno Tn".h 
Ty,. l..Ilry a.cur.cb, K.ari Bicteu. MehiA FawL Jim 
....... -
c." R-"rI: HoUy eoa.-. Q~. HWTS&UUa', J.alte"PIuon, 
-s.n..... 
ProdKtioa: S~ Chc:a. QI'W(Z OHM. Mdi.da HamLiIlOn. CIIriI 
KOQC&" Robin MIc1...cu. Jeff Y~hl 
_ _ 8co ........ u.._._ .. V..,.,. 
GUARDIAN 

DwUCll)....,....,... ......... n..a,. .... IJIt_,.. ........ &..-.. U::'O ~" .. ~II"'_ .... tI ... 
• ".". ...... _ . .............. 0 ........ ..,...... 

".l.t:SO~._ .......... ................ ----..1It ...... _ ...... 11....,.. .............. _____ .. _......, .. 
........... n.taO--.N~ .. ~ .. "".-..:.. ....... UCSO' "'-..... II~ __ ....-. ...... ~ 
" .. a... ........ .....,..,N ......................... -. ... ..-.... 

~DI __ a-.,.'" 5160~ 
UC*) ...... t..-.CAIlOa 

The home of th·e 
49¢ hatnburger. 

I ! m · UC'l)OIlI1/~m ~ ~ &£1011. 
\oA\'o ..... ' 

The UCSD Guardian 

in U.S.A. 

c!: 8 : 3.ij1 08(±), 118( 8) 
c!: ~ ~ : WASHINGTON D.C. 

Thursday, February 8,1990 

~. _holt. (t!J30t!:) U) IJI. aJl~3W I: 
I/J!IJiill 
~ ~~U)~!J: (IJr) ~1990~tI L, < I~ , 

1 99t ~$. (. 7 )'f~U)I/!j!!!t 
• .It! . «: ~lIt "O)!1l1tt.3CiI. '~ , til If'! , ~;j. 
.!:: {, 1:.11ll$50U",.,t!:A mJt L, t.,.. 
.1JJI~" ~? "( o.>U .lj[." $ L,~~U)ttb{ 

I)Q It ';1III."' •• 0)!l, .. L, ~~H':lIJt L, t.,.. 
*>$ L,~ IjU)&JIW'filil a n*TO)", *>~';I: *> 
If! L,~IjT a ~ ' . 11*1: .1; ., "( It , Slit:> \IT ~.{, 

~cr~ ,t Tu) "t-O) Iii' ~7 iltT C'! ~ '. 
illlll-~h· illle~ l-&tHt 
i! J~~ - ~ *H: IlIllI!lIi1 ••• ( •• ) 

IJ~ : .# ( TtI<~ ,) .~ • • ~ tB ·.itt 
Phon. : I -800- 537-2186(Toll Fro.) 
II:: 1;1; 03 -234 -507t 

i! J ~ ~ - ~ U. S. A. NY OFF I CE 
m~ : ;:r}1j ( ;t.tI<t:» 
Phone:I -800- 344 ' 7241 (Toll Fr •• ) 
t I::I~ 212-986-5520 (9:00 - 17:00) 

lIE •• ·NYc~ ±, 8 It III < 

Need Exira Cash? 
Maire up to $250 per Monflt 

7140 Miramar Rd. San Diego 
n...~.!!!-----------------------ALLAMERICAN-MEAL--- ~ 

Are you healthy and 
between the ages of 

18 and 30? II 
II 
I I 
I I 
I I 

Quarter Pounder ' with Cheese, Medium Fry, 
Medium-Size Soft Drink Cosh vatue: II 1/20 011 cent 

Limit one coupon per 
customer. per visit. Please 
present coupon when 
ordering. Not valid with 
any other offer. 

II 
Just $1 99 11 

(plus tax) II 
Only at: II 

All Ethnic Groups Needed 
71~ Miramar IId.@ 

. SonDtego 
1237 "oepec:t • N\ ..... 

. La Jolla I-I--+. __ iiir _____ iiir_ Call '.'.J2.5.2407 ~ Goodthru I~ FebNary 28, 199IJ .iiir ___ iiir_ .". .... _ .... N ••• " 
VALENTINE'S DAY FLOWER SPECIALS & 

FREE DELIVERY 
ROSES 

starting 
as low as 

$24.99 

TRADITIONAL 
Arrangements 

$18.99 
and up 

per dozen 

Student & Senior Discounts 

WORLD WIDE FLOWER DELIVERY 
475-9900 

Toll Free Nationwide 
1-800-882-3323 

"Flowers say it best" 
---:::I 

"We work within your budget" 
Two locations to serve you 

La Jolla 
FLOWER 
BASKET 

HEART (" 
Arrangement 

$34.99 

"My Forever Love" 
Arrangements 

$24.99 
and up 

We specialize in exotic 
arrangements ill European 
designs & Balloon bouquets 

ORDER BY PHONE 
& CHARGE IT 

~ -
$20 m inimum {or free delivery 

8657 Villa La Jolla Dr. (La Jolla Village Square Mall) 
8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph 's Center) 

Prompt delivery 7 days a week - Open daily 8 a.m. to 9 p.m, • Orders m ust be placed by Feb. 12 for Fr ee Delivery 

Thursday, February 8, 1990 

RIMAe 
Continued from page 1 
tional. 

GSA President Nonnan Tien, 
however, felt that the presence of 
the brochures on election tables 
was not "too big a deal." 

He added that the GSA had no 
intention of protesting the election 
because of the brochures, but said 
if there was a concerted effort 

behind the brochure placement,the 
GSA would "certainly consider the 
issue." 

Woodard cited last year' s con-
troversy around Vice-President 
External candidate Mishka Migacz 
as an example of how malicious 
intent must be proven for an elec-
tion to be declared invalid. Migacz 
was found guilty of violating regu-
lations, but a Judicial Board de-
cided she did not intend to do so. 

The UCSD Guardian 

News Writers: 
If you want to be 
paid, come into the 
Guardian oIftce and 
8tID the timesheet 
with your name on it 
on the meesage wall 
under 'News WriterW. 

A.S. Forum 'Presents Pro-RIMAe Views 
By GRACE CHUI 
Reporter 

Advertised as a discussion ad-
dress ing"the issues that will affect 
most UC Faculty and students" 
about RIMAC, Tuesday's sparsely 
attended A.S. forum at the Price 
Center became a lopsided discus-
sion about the positive aspects of 
the referendum. 

The forum, attended by approxi-
matly ten people, was planned to 
present the veiws of both the 
RIMAC committee and the Gradu-
ate Student Association (GSA). 

Paul Lanning, RlMACcommit-
tee co-chair, also voiced his opin-
ions in support of the new facility . 

" [UCSDl currently has 16,000 
students and inadequate, outdated 
facilities for less than half that 
number. We need new facilities or 
need to address the problem some-
how - the projected enrollment 
by the end of the decade is set 
around 27,500 students ," Lanning 
said. 

According to Paul Eykamp, 

GSA representative at the forum, Tien added that the GSA is not 
the GSA 's problem with RlMAC officially responsible for the post-
is based on both financial concern ingofthe signs that read "Vote NO 
and a lack of need for the facility. for RlMAC." 

"It 's expensive. Does the facil- Lanning commented that , 
ity really warrant the cost? What . "We' re not forcing anything onto 
about the hardship on the students anyone. We' re allowing students 
with financial aid.?" Eykamp to have a vote. 
asked, adding that GSA feels that A.S. President John Ramirez 
nothing in the facility is "strictly commented that the entire RlMAC 
needed." 

Eykamp, however, expressed 
his personal support of the facili-
ties. 

"I doubt I will ever set foot in it, 
but I see the need for new recrea-
tion facilities and I think it should 
be done," Eykamp said. 

The GSA has been adamantly 
distributing infonnation against the 
proposal, according to GSA Presi-
dent Nonnan Tien, who did not 
attend the forum. 

"We placed a quarter-page ad 
in The Guardian to express our 
concerns, and we inserted a fact 
sheet to all the graduate students in 
the department t6 give a complete 
picture ofRIMAC," Tien said. 

project has been done the correct 
way from the beginning. 

"There has been adequate stu-
dent input from the start. There is 
support financially from the ad-
ministration. The University has 
done its part . .. I think it may 
pass," he said. 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free cO' lSUltallon and 1,,1IIa1 treamumt 15 min. J20 .,..Iue. Fin/-lime cliertts only)-

112 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permallellt Hal' Removal 

• American Medical Association 
approved methods for probtem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female staff, state lie. technicians 

Alexander's Electrolysis 

Eyebrows 
Upper Up 

fA JoII4 YU/Qgf! Profell$lOIU6I c-ter 
Behtnd Elephant Bar 
8950 Villa LaJoI/a Dr. Ste. 2121 
558-0888 

'EXPIRES 2/22/90 

summer d 
aelpNeede. ~ {iItin AmeriC" 

Work • Share • Live • Learn 

You can have a ~ lIl11l11er full 
of adventure and pcr~()nal 
growth while improvi ng 
hc:i1th fo r the pcorle of 
L:rrin Ameri cu ... 

Volunteer! 
Application deadline: 
F..:brua ry 15. 1990. 

Write or call : 
i\migos de las Americas 
5618 Star Lane 
lIouslon. Texas 77057 

800m 1-7796 
In Tcxas: 800!392-4580 

713/782·5290 

baguette purchase 
of a loaf of bread 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

• &'PITft 2115/90 .J 
~--------

NEWS 7 

ITALIAN CUISINE 

BAR· GRILL • PIZZA. PASTA 

V 
Happy Valentine's Day 

Presto is offering a special dinner 
for two on Valentine's Day . 

1025 Prospect Ave., Ste. 250 • 454-9711 • Validated Par1<ing 

L A J 0 L L A 

", __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

7rltf'5 Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \NIl and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-- - ----20% DISCOUNT-with this ad • Expires 2/22/90 

• Must present coupon and valid UCSO 10 at time of estimate. 
Not valid with major engine or transmission repairs. 

I I 450:-'gL494 I II I 
""fOlIO"'" U '""'tf 

• - • If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; " They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 7 
-

Communicate In Color 
Now At IGnko's 

Canon Color Laser Copies! 
• Presentations • Transparencies 
• Displays • Sales Flyers 
• Charts/Graphs • Even Copy From Slides! 

·kinko·s~ 
the copy center 
457-3775 

La j olla Village Center 

r-------------------~ 
, 99C Color Copies I I I Bring Ih,s coupon in lo a parltclpaltng Kinko's Copy Center and receive up to five I 

I 8'/," x II" color cop,c for only 99~ each Not valid "'"h any oUter ofrer. One coupon per (UMomer. Good th rough 2/15,190 I L ___________________ ~ 

... 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

Features 

lIJustration by Bill Mallory 

LONG DISTANCE FRAUD 
Phone Companies Monitor Calls From College Campuses 
, College stu-
dents are prone 
to telephone 
fraud because 
usually they are 
away from 
home. They see 
everyone else 
doing it, and 
they figure that 
they can do it 
too. , 

-Rami Abuhamdeh, 
director, Communications 
Fraud Control Association 

·Story by James Collier, Features Editor 
and Steve Hoffman, Reporter 

It seems like a crime that would be easy to get 
away with: someone sells you a phone account 
access number, assures you that the owner of it is a 
large corporation who won't notice the charges. All 
you have \0 do is go \0 the closest pay phone when-
ever you want to make a free long-distance phone 
call. 

However, as well as monitoring long-distance 
calls from college campuses, phone companies are 
spreading the word among students that if they make 
illegal long-distance calls they'll have to "pay now, 
or pay later." 

Rami Abuhamdeh is the director of the Commu-
nications Fraud Control Association, a group, along 
with long-distance carriers, that has started a nation-
wide campaign to "raise the consciousness" about 
phone fraud among college students. The Commu-
nications Fraud Control Association is a group started 
by phone companies and law-enforcement agencies 
to deal with communications crimes. 

"College students are prone to telephone fraud 
because usually they are away from home," 
Abuhamdeh said. ''They see everyone else doing it, 
and they figure that they can do it too. 

"A lot of the students [who perpetrate phone 
fraud] are in dorms," he continued. 

Abuhamdeh said that phone fraud costs long-
distance companies about $500 million a year, and 
he added that military bases, prisons, and colleges 
account for about 25 percent of the figure. 

"We haven't been able to pin down a figure for 
colleges, because companies don't disclose that in-
formation," he said. 

Abuhamdeh mentioned some specific cases where 
long-distance phone carriers targeted college cam-
puses: 

• In 1987, MCI Communications Corporation 
offered students at North Texas State Universit~ an 
"amnesty program," stating that if students came 
forward and paid for illegal phone calls, the com-
pany wouldn't press charges. More than 1,000 stu-
dents agreed to pay $100,000. 

• In the same year, 400 students from American 
University in Washington, D.C. came forward and 
paid MCI $32,000 for using long-distance service 
illegally. "They pressed charges against those who 
didn't come forward," Abuhamdeh said. 

Abuhamdeh said that students use illegal long-
distance codes "mainly for personal use." He also 
said the codes are used "on a national and interna-
tional basis," adding that a lot of foreign exchange 
students want to call home. 

According to a UCSD student who asked for 
anonymity, students use "demon dialers," devices 
used to make rapid phone calls. He said that the 
machines can be altered to try random access num-
bers until a code is found. 

Computer hackers also use programs to break 
codes and then post them on computerized bulletin 
boards, the tudent said. He said it is al 0 common 
for students to tap inro the phone lines of large 

See FRAUD, page 9 

Thursday, February 8, 1990 

Students Get 
Business 
Experience 
By SANGEETA MEHTA 
Reporter 

UCSD may not offer a bu i-
ness major, but a business oppor-
tunity lies within hand 's reach for 
students. "Student Painters" al-
lows university students to as-
sume the responsibilities of an 
eight to 10 person business for a 
urn mer. 

John PIa van, the company's 
UCSD representative. explained, 
" It 's a great program for students 
who enjoy an ·extreme challenge 
and want to learn about them-
selves. Not too many people, 
however, know about it." 

Plavan himself was inter-
viewed and hired to this interna-
tional company as a branch man-
ager last winter quarter, and by 
the end of last summer, he had 
earned $12,000. He plan to in-
crease his management responsi-
bilities and actually double his 
production and profits this com-
ing summer. 

"The experience has changed 
my life," he said. "I learned more 
that summer than I have in four 
years at UCSD." 

Plavan applied for a pOSition 
at Student Painters because he 
"didn't just want a summer job." 

According to a pamphlet the 
company puts out, Student Paint-
ers tests the candidates'limits by 
purring them into managerial po-
sitions. 

Plavan had only one word to 
describe a typical day of this seri-
ous summer managerial position 
as branch manager: "busy." 

His responsibilities entailed 
coordinating and managing three 
crews of three painters. Although 
he began carrying out this respon-
sibility during spring quarter for 
10-15 hours a week, these hours 
turned into 10-12 hours a day dur-
ing the summer when the "real 
work" began. 

"It's not worth the money. It's 
the hardest thing I've ever done," 
he admitted. " But no one except 
myself was making me get out of 
bed in the morning." 

The company hires district 
managers that have the sole jobs 
of guiding the branch managers 
and making sure that they meet 
their goals. Last year, 90 percent 
of the branch managers reached 
their financial targets. 

Pia van said he feared that 
"some people might be skeptical 
of the company. Yes, they're in it 
to make money, but what they do 
is charge a percentage on our gross 
sales to pay for payroll services, 
liability insurance, office systems, 
etc." 

Plavan sa;d that the job doesn't 
interfere with school. All the 
branch managers work 10- 15 
hours during spring quarter, but 
he said that most people spend 
that amount of time "watching 
TV" 

"The hard work was in the 
summer, and when I came back to 

See PAINTERS, page 9 

Thursday, February 8, 1990 

Fraud 
Continued from page 8 
corporations to place long distance 
calls. 

The student said these illegal 
"phreak codes" are sold to stu-
dents who think that the phone 
companies won't investigate the 
charges. He also said that he knew 
of a foreign exchange student who 
was selling codes for $10 to $20 
apiece and added that plenty of 
tudents were willing to take the 

risk. 
Michael Runzler, a Paci fic Bell 

spokesman said that long-distance 
fraud is a "common occurrence" in 
San Diego because the area has 
large numbers of two of the groups 
that heavily perpetrate the crime: 
military personnel and college 
students. He also noted that Pacific 
Bell arrests about one fraudulent 
phone caller a month. 

Even if a person makes an ille-
gal call from a pay phone, 
Abuhamdeh commented, itdoesn't 
mean they are safe from detection. 

"The easiest way to track down 
a person is by the number they 
called," he said. Companies can 

simply dial the numbers that re-
ceived fraudulent calls to find out 
who is responsible for the call. 

Berryant Steele, a spokesman 
for AT&T, said that many students 
think they can get away with phone 
fraud because they feel "there's 
some anonymity." 

But with the help of computers, 
phone companies can track fraudu-
lent callers, he said. 

Steele said one of the most 
common ways phone codes are 
obtained is by people "hanging 
around pay phones and looking 
over people's shoulders to obtain 
codes. 

"People have to protect their 
codes like they would acreditcard," 
he added. 

Steele said it is getting more 
difficult to obtain access codes. 
He said people are becoming more 
"sophisticated" in how they pro-
tect their long-distance phone 
codes. 

By making illegal phone calls, 
Abuhamdeh said, "students are 
ruining the very rea on they go to 
school - their future ." 

Under California law, those 
convicted of stealing long-distance 

The UCSD Guardian 

codes may be fined $10,000, sent 
to prison for up to three years, or 
both. Phone companies may also 
sue for compensation. 

Painters 
Continued from page 8 
start school in the fall, it was eas-
ier. h' s notthat I had easier classes, 
but because my time-management 
and problem-solving skills are so 
much better," he said. 

Plavan also emphasized that his 
job doesn't take away from col-
lege activities. He is an occasional 
floor-hockey player and is in-
volved in a fraternity. 

Currently his duties include 
recruiting branch managers . along 
with foremen and painters.The 
company is visiting college cam-
puses and interviewing 1,000 
people to fill 80 Southern Califor-
nia managing positions. 

Students interested in Student 
Painters can go to the Career Cen-
ter for an application. 

"I never thought I would do 
something like this in college. Now 
I can finally say I've really done 
something," Plavan said. 

Engineering & Computer Science Majors: 
1987 

Introduced the Highest 
Performance Forward 
Error Correction 
System on a Single 
VlSI Device 

1989 
Demonstrated the 
First Practical Digital 
Cellular Phone System 
Based on Spread 
Spectrum Techniques 

1991 

? 
• 

1988 
Developed the First 
Commercial 
Mobile Satellite 
System 
(OmniTRACS®) 

1990 
Define the U.S. 
Standard for 
High Definition 
Television 

Help Us 
Get Ready 
for 1991 ... 

Sign Up to See Us at Career Planning Center on Thesday, February 13. 
Call Us at (619)587,.1121 ext. 197 for Further Information. 

II ••• the elegant solution. " 
10SSS Sorrento Valley Road 

San Diego, CA 92121 
An Equal Opportunity Employer. 

'11 I ....... 
......... 

..... 

... 'a ..... 

FEATURES 9 

............. U •• l .. 
..FI.,.. 

Fer 
.... ... 

.. .... 
....... 

Your Decision. Your Choice. 
• Free Pregnancy 

Testing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immediate 

Test Results 
• Pregnancy 

Termination 
• General or Local 

Anesthesia 
• Affordable 

Birth Control 
• Student Discount 

11y College Line 
535-1379 

Q;r;t ,I. ' fMiI.iJ 11 (fiOICe 
!iJmily PllIII1Iiflt 

Associlltes 
Melielll Grollp 



10 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 8, 1990 

Sports 
13th-ranked Men's Hoop Nearing School Record 

Tritons Dominate Dominican 
ByPETERKO 
Associate Sports Editor 

So what else is new? 
The UCSD men's basketball 

tearn knocked off the Dominican 
College Penguins 107-92 Monday 
night at the Main Gym in what was 
really nothing more than a tune-up 
for tomorrow night's showdown 
against Menlo College. 

It was the Tritons' seventh con· 
secutive win, and 14th in the last 
16 games. as they ran their record 
to 17-4. Each victory inches them 
ever closer to breaking the school 
record for wins in a season, which 
currently stands at 18. 

UCSD has five games remain-
ing on its 1989-90 schedule. 

The key to Monday night's 
game was muscle. UCSD had too 
much, and Dominican didn ' t have 
any. 

A trio of Triton forwards -
Rick Batt, Chris Moore and Joe 
Lindsay - along with guard Tim 
Rapp, consistently knocked around 
the Penguins ' interior defense for 
easy layups, shon jumpers, and 
follow-shots . UCSD out-reo 
bounded Dominican 56-3l. 

The Tritons banged their way to 
an early 26-16 advantage behind 
strong inside play from Batt. The 
lead was extended to 43-22 on a 
driving layup from reserve point 
guard Peter Selleck. 

A smooth touch pass on a fast 
break from guard Tom Shawcroft 
to Rapp at the 1 :07 marie of the first 

See M. HOOP, page 11 

Brian MorrisIGuardian 
Reserve guard Peter Selleck got under the Dominican defense for 
13 points, as UCSD remained undefeated against the Penguins. 

Men's Volleyball Falls 
to Northridge in Four 

UCSD Still Winless; Struggling at 0-7 
By KEVIN TWER 
Reporter 

By the time the UCSD men's 
volleyball team begins conference 
play, in the Pacific Coast Volley-
ball Conference,laterthis season, 
it will probably be hungry for 
some victories. 

The past couple of weeks ha ve 
not been easy for the 0-7 Tritons, 
and Tuesday night didn't much 
help the situation. The 20th ranked 
UCSD fell to number seven Cal 
State Nonbridge. 

The Di vision I Matadors (4-4) 
capitalized on numerous unforced 
errors by UCSD to take the match 
in four games, 15-7,15-4,12-15, 
15-9. CS UN was led by Eric Dick, 
who tallied 16 kills in 25 attempts. 

Nate Brown, the PCVC most 
valuable player last season, fin-
ished with a game-high 20 kills. 

The Matadors jumped out to 
early leads in the first two games, 
streaking to a 5-0 edge.in the 
opening game before the Tritons 
tallied on the strength of Gerry 
Goldstein's serving. 

Nonhridge dominated the rest 
of the way, cruising to a 14-7 ad-
vantage before closing out the 
game with a service ace. 

"We're a good team. It's just 
tough for us to play Division 1 
schools," UCSD Head Coach 
Oscar "Digger" Graybill said. 
"We have a lot of talent on this 
team,but so do they [CSUN]." 

This talent became even more 

evident in the second game, as 
CSUN powered its way to a 7-0 
lead. The Tritons managed a side-
out on a kill by Brown to tempo· 
rarily halt the run, but the Mata-
dors raced away with a 15-4 win 
amd a 2-0 match lead. 

The Tritons turned things 
around in the third game, jump-
ing to a commanding 10-4 lead 
emphasized with a block by sen-
ior quick attacker John Lim. 

The Matadors roared back to 
tie the game at 12 apiece, but 
UCSD got a sideout on a block 
by Brown who proceeded to hold 
serve for the next three points . 
and the game. 

Game four featured numer-
ous lead changes, as Nonhridge 
rolled to a 4-0 lead before the Tri-
tons came alive to tie the score 
on more of Brown's serving. 

UCSp grabbed the lead at 6-
4, but the Matadors ftlcaptured 
the edge at 8-6. 

Both teams exchanged side· 
outs before CSUN went on a run 
and seized an 11-8 advantage. A 
kill by Brown brought the Tri-
tons to within two, but that was as 
close as they would come. 

The Matadors sidestepped the 
charging Tritons, winning the 
next four points to close out the 
victory. CSUN's only losses have 
come at the hands of perennial 
powers UCLA (twice), USC, and 
Stanford. 

The Tritons travel to UC Irv-
ine this Saturday for a 7:30 p.m. 

Baseball Splits Opening Games Men's Lacrosse WaUops USD 20-0 
UCSD Whips Christ College, Loses to Southern Cal College ~ UCSD men's lacrosse team blasted the University of 

San Diego Toreros 2().() Wed-
.nesday afternoon at Wmen 
Field, 

By BRIAN ITOW 
Senior StajfWrirer 

The UCSD men's baseball team 
inaugurated its new field by split· 
ti ng games with two NAIA oppo· 
nents. 

After an impressive 9-4 win over 
Christ College of Irvine on Tues· 
day, the Tritons (1-1) could not 
follow up on that performance 
yesterday ,losing to Southern Cali· 

fornia College, 6-1. 
Christ CoUege (0-1), which lu:s 

only beaten UCSD once in eight 
tries, did not figure to be much of 
a test for the Tritons. Although 
they did not roll over, the Eagles 
could not match the strength of the 
Tritons. 

Eric ludson and 10hn Meyers 
each went 2 for 4 with an RBI to 
pace a Triton attack that produced 
nine runs in the game. 

Rlmas UzairIsIGuardian 
Henry Jimenez and the Tritons crucified CC19-4 on opening day. 

Pitcners Rick Rupkey and Mike 
Morgan combined to allow just 
one earned run. Rupkey, a second-
team All-American last season, 
scattered four hits over five in-
nings to eam his first win. 

Morgan, who pitched as well as 
he has in his three-year career at 

UCSD, went the final four frames 
to pick up the save. 

"We played weU for our first 
game," UCSD Head Coach Lyle 
Yates said. "We had the typical 
mental and physical mistakes that 
come in an opener." 

See BASEBALL, page 13 

The victory wu the fourth 
coasecutive for the Tritons, as 
they rcmaioocl undefeated in 
downing USD in its ICUOD 
opener. 

1990 Triton Golf Could Be Best Ever 
By ERIC BROSIO 
StajfWriter 

The 1980's marked the most 
successful period by far for the 
UCSD golf team. Under Head 
Coach Mike Wydra, the Tritons 
made three consecutive trips to 
the National Championships (' 85-

PIU \ II- " 
87). And, although they came back 
as runners-up every time, it looks 
as though the Tritons might soon 
capture the championship which 
has proven to be so elusi ve. 

Heading into the 1990 season, 
Wydra's confidence in his team is 
at an all-Lime high. In fact, he has 

gone so far as to guarantee a na-
tional championship - maybe 
not this year - but at least by 
1991. 

Perhaps the most imponant 
factor in the Tritons' inability to 
attain the championship thus far 
has been the presence of Cal State 
Stanislaus in Division m. 

Stanislaus, the reigning Divi-
sion ill champions, has recently 
been reclassified as Division ll. 
According to Wydra, this change 
dramati cally increases the 
division 's parity and opens the 
way for a number of schools, in-
cluding UCSD, to emerge as the 
new team to beat. 

Another feather in Wydra 's 
cap IS tre awesome play of Devin 

See GOLF, page IS 

--·Guardlan Flit Photo 
Returner Matt Stottern will be 
the team's number three man. 

Thursday, February 8, 1990 

M.HOOP 
Continued from page 10 
half made the score 54-39. The 
Tritons led 60-39 at halftime. 

The lead eventually grew to 26 
points in the second half before 
settling to a 15 point margin by 
game's end. 

Rapp led UCSD for the 17th 
time this season as he canned 22 
points, while Lindsay added 18 
and contributed a game-high 13 
rebounds. Batt scored 16 points, 
and Moore tossed in 14. 

The Penguins' Steve Whitely 
led all scorers with 29 points and 
teammate Adrian Jackson added 
23, including five three-pointers. 

1 ackson has made 14 three-point 
field goals in his last three games. 
Dominican attempted 35 three-
point field goals in a fruitless at-
tempt to overcome the Tritons. 

"We knew coming in that they 
were basically a perimeter shoot-
ing team," Triton Head Coach Tom 
Marshall said of Dominican, 
against which UCSD is now.5-0. 

Pan of the problem for the 
Penguins· might have been that they 
only suited up seven players for 
the game. 

"We just had too much depth. 
We kept throwing new faces at 
them," Marshall said. 

"You need to have some games 
like this where you can get your 
bench play," Marshall explained. 
"I thought Peter Selleck did a won· 

derful job running the team. Joe 
Lindsay played well, as did Chris 
Moore." 

"We beat them up pretty badly 
in the first halflasttime," Marshall 
said of MenJo, the Tritons' next 
opponent. "They've had a lot of 
time to focus. I'm sure [Menlo has 1 
Men's Hoop Monday 
UCSD 107, Dominie .. Coli. 92 

DOMINICAN COLLEGE 
Mill FG.A IT.A II AnT 

Myen II I- I ~ 0 0 0 3 
Thomas 31 3-6 4-4 I 4 I 13 
Harmon 36 3· 10 ~ 6 1 3 8 
J""",,, 37 8-23 24 3 6 ~ 23 
SlCwart 38 8- 19 0-1 1 0 2 0 
CoIlcy II 0-1 ~ I 0 2 0 
Whitely 36 11 -21 ~3 9 3 3 29 
TOTALS 200 34-81 9-12 31· 19 18 91 

UCSD 

Jack_ 
James 
Rapp 
Shawaofl 
Sdlcck 
Spence 
Lindsay 
M<Neill 
Fenner 
Moor< 
SwindaJJ 
B •• 
TOTALS 

-UCSD 

Milo FG.A II-A II A PF T 
13 ()'I 2-2 3 4 I 2 
12 1-4 0-2 0 0 2 2 
21 9- 16 4-5 8 3 I II 
23 3-7 ~ 2 6 0 I 
25 ~-8 ~3 ~ 2 2 13 
II 1-2 ~ I I 0 2 
24 9-12 0-0 13 3 3 18 
• 1-3 ~ 1 I 0 2 
13 3·7 ~ 4 0 2 6 
18 ()'9 2-4 6 0 I 14 
13 I- I 0-1 2 I 2 2 
21 ()'9 4-4 6 0 I 16 
200 4'-79 1.s.21 ~. 24 14 107 

3953-'1 
110 47 - 117 

T_ fG to - Dominican 42"; UCSD S7" 
TII~ .. - Dominiaon 13 (Jl<ksoa S. 
Whilely 4. Thomas 3. Hannon 2~ UCSD 2 
(Shawaoft 2) 
_ - Dami.ic:an 7 (J",bon 3. Slewan 2), 
UCSD 7 (Jadoon 4. Raw 2) 
_ ... SlIoU - Dominican I (Slewltt); UCSD I 
(Bin) 
• - includes learn rebounds 

Tritoa National Leaders 
CIuu 

.,... .... --. .... 
Rlolri .. 1IclcI ..... .. 
ucso 1IclcI ..... .. 

... ... 
('14) 23.2 PPI 
(ts) 65.411 
(II) ».A 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 

The UCSD Guardian 

pretty much been thinking UC San 
Diego." 

UCSD split the previous two 
games with Menlo this year,losing 
86-85 in ":ouble-ovenime in the 
Redlands Tournament and winning 
at home, 77-67, a few weeks ago at 
home. 

UCSD travels this weekend to 
face the Oaks, who slipped from 
first to fifth in the Western Re-
gional rankings whenUCSD 
claimed the top spot this week. 

NCAA Division m Men's 
Basketball Top 20 

(as of Tuesday, Feb. 7) 
I ~ BaKIl 
I. Franldin & Marshall 19-1 
2. Wiuenburg 20-1 
3. Calvin College 20-1 
4. Potsdam Slale t7-2 
5. Jersey City State 19-2 
6. Buffalo Slale 18-1 
7. W. Connecticut Slate 18-1 
8. Colby College 15-1 
9. North Central College 16-4 
10. Trenton SIBle 18·2 
II. Emory College 17-1 
12. Hope College 18-2 
13. UC Saa Dteao 17-4 
14. Randolph Macon 17-3 
15. N. Carolina Wesleyan 17-3 
16. Rochester University 17-3 
17. North Adams Slale 14-4 
18. Washington (MO) 17-3 
19. St. Thomas (MN) 16-4 
20. Morunouth (IL) 14-2 

West Regional 
Rankings 

I . uc........ 11"" 6. c.n.o. (tA) 14-6 
l. So. _ (MN) 16-< 1. DuOoqoo ( IA) 1).1 
J. _W ..... IS-- L ... v.... U-S 
4. So._ '.(MN) 1<-6 9. _ 15-<1 
5. -Coloto 1<-6 10. W-. 1).1 

SPORTS 11 

Senior quick attacker John Lim, setter Matt Brega (2), and the rest 
of the Tritons went up against CSUN and came down with their 
seventh straight loss to top 20 opponents. (See article page 10). 

$9 HAIRCUTS 
HAIR COLORING 
PERMS FROM 
$4() 

PACIRC BEACH: 
1447 Gamet Ave. 

,. COllEGE: 273-CUTS 
. .~ 6686 EI Cajon Blvd, 
N~ leV"' 463-5052 OCEAN BEACH: 

4882 Newport Ave. 
HIUCREST: 222.3777 
409 UnlversHy Ave. 
291-CVTS 

----------------~ UCSD : 
Student: 

C&rl'sJr. Special: 
I I 
• BUY ONE WESTERN #47 I 
I I 
.: Bacon Cheeseburger : When you're hungry for a midnight snack, 

caU Domino's Pizza®_ W e'll deliver a hot, 
fresh, made-to-order pizza to your door in 
30 minutes or less. GUARANTEED!!! 

3211 Holiday Court 

: EFREE ! No matter what time it is, day or night, 
IT'S TIME F R DOMINO'S PIZZA. ~t 

-I 
IT"~ n~ll:. r-Ol{ DOl\lINlls I'IUA 'N I · I I Valid at: 6788 Miramar Rd I Coupon expires Feb. 28, 19~O. One offer per cout:.ln . . 

l One coupon per customt1r per VlSlt Not valid Wlth any ® I 
I o.ther otter or discount Pnce does not Include tax. C!!!r,:n. J:r. I Carl Karcher Er<terpnses, Inc 1989 ....,.-&. • L _______________________ _ 

... 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

Classified advertising is sold In lS·word 
increments. The rate per IS words is $1 
for students, $3 for faculty and staff, and 
$4 for others. Payment in advance is 
required; thererore, ads must be mliled 
with a check (made payable to The UCSD 
GlUUdum) or presented in person. Please 
have exact change. Deadlines are 3 p.m. 
Thursday ror Monday's paper and 3 
p.m. Monday for Thursday's paper. The 
GIUUdi411 reserves the right to refuse any 
advertislng including but not limited to 
companionsbip ads. For more 
informatioocall S34-S416. TheGIUUdi4I1, 
UCSD, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSD! 
Jewish Campus Centers provides warmth. 
education. prayer. socializing. Connect with 
Union of Jewish Students! 502 Matthews; 
east of the PriceCemer. Call Rabbi Slotnick. 
534-2521. (1/4-3/12) 

MUIR HA APPS available thru 2/21. 
Referral #11051. Mandatory meeting: 2/1 
or 2/21. Call 534-4200. (1/29-2/15) 

RISC SPRING TRIP: Sun Valley. on sale 
Feb. 5. 5350 box office. ALL-CAL Slide 
Show!! Wed. Feb 7. 8:00 p.m .• PH 108. 
Also. BROOMBALL, Sat. Feb. 10. 12:30-
2:30 at night. Pre-par1y? 534-4482. (1/29-
2/8) 

MUIR HA APS: Available with referral 
#1105 1. Mandatory meeting: 2/1 or 2121. 
Info: Call 534-4200. (1/29-2/15) 

ALL MAJORS· GET PUBLISHED!! The 
UCSD Journal of Undergraduate Research 
IS now accepting your essays. Please submit: 
research papers. crilical essays, expanded 
term papers. or condensed enior or honors 
theses. The deadline is February 15th. For 
more information call 534-391 7 or visit the 
U.S. Grants office in the Price Center. (2/1-
2/12) 

Free GroupleaderTravel· Roundtrips stan 
- London $398 - Amsterdam $440 • 
Frankfun $470 - Paris $498 + 51 Europe 
cities. 5% discount Eurail Passes. tours. 
ADI Travel 7718 Herschel La Jolla 456-
6256. (2/ 1-2/8) 

Fifth College Resident Advisor applications 
due 2/20/90. Pick up referral at Career 
Services. Job #OWl 1049. (2/1-2/ 15) 

International House Resident Advisor 
applications due 2/20. Pick up referral at 
Career Services. Job #OWl 1048. (2/1-
2/15) 

WORD PROCESSING, term papers. 
experienced dissenation. 7 days a week, 
4.0 English Skills. references. 755-2683. 
(2/5·3112) 

Come speak with Revelle College Counci l 
members -express concerns, comments or 
find out what Revelle College Council is all 
about Beginning Feb. 5th. every Monday 
from 12-1 on Revelle Plaza. (2/5·2/8) 

Is South Africa simply a black and white 
issue? Come find OUt at the InternationaJ 
Cafe's Global Conversation. Friday 2/9 
Noon·1 :30 at International Centef. 
Panicipate or just listen. (2/8) 

.. _ .. _ ...• 
I EruoY the Juiciest I 
• Bursers in Town • 

i 2 for 1 ! 
I Buy any hamburger, I 
I sandwich or gyros and • get a second one 
: FREE! I 
I J EFF'S BURGERS : 
I 2512 Avenida De La Playa I 

La Jolla Shores 4~38 
I Must have studenll.O. Expires 2/22/9:) .1 
••••••••• 

T he UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Spring Break to Mazatlan and Pueno 
Vall ana. Both include Round Trip Air. 
Hotel. (Maz.. 5 star EI Cid Mini Suites) 
round trip transfers. (P.V. free cocktails 
from 5-7 daily + breakfast). Mazatlan 5 
nights 6 days. Pueno Vallarta 7 nights. 8 
days! Call Joan at 422-7344. (2/5-218) 

Boycott 2/9 Domino's sponsored T.G. 
Domino's gives $money$ to anti-choice 
forces! (218) 

Academy of TV arts and sciences is 
accepting summer interns in L.A. CalIASIO 
for more info at 534-4689. Deadline to 
apply is Friday, Feb. 16th. (218) 

Justdoit! Go to the Health and Fitness Fair 
andjust be healthy. Wed. Feb 14atthePrice 
Center from 11 -2:00 p.m. Find out which 
has more nutrients, a twinlcie or an apple? 
How much percentage body fat do you 
have? Questions about safer sex? Go to the 
Fair and Just be Healthy. (218-2/12) 

HEALTH ISSUES LUNCHEON SERiES. 
Join us for lunchtime discussions Tuesday. 
Feb. 13, 1:00 p.m. Third La Casa. Guest 
Speaker. Phyllis Spechko, RN., NP. UCS D 
AIDS Project. Light Refreshments 
Provided. (2/8) 

S.D. New Business Guide needs assistant 
editor interns ASAP. ContactASIO at 534-
4689. (218) 

Deadline to apply for California and 
National intemshipsis Feb. 9. Contact ASIO 
at 534-4689. (2/8) 

Capture your Valentine's hean with a 
delicious SWEET ARANGEMENTS 
cookie bouquet! Free campus delivery. 546-
0440. (2/1 -2/12) 

SERVICES 

Olga Bari Electrologist. 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-1962. 
(1/4-3/12) 

PASSPORTPICI'URES! New at Cal Copy. 
Only $5.95. While you wait. Xeroxes and 
more. Near SI. Germains. 452-9949. 
(10/9-3/12) 

TYPING I ! I'll type your term papers etc. 
quickly and inexpensively. Laser printer. 
Call Jennifer: 558-6090. (1/8-2/8) 

Typing/Word Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, theses, books. letters, resumes. 
Fast service. Mary Ann 452-9439. (1/16-
2/15) 

Vicki 's Word Processing Service. Resumes, 
theses, manuscripts. mailing. Accuracy and 
Professionalism guaranteed. Vicki Rushing 
575-1022. (1/16-2/15) 

TYPING/WORD PROCESSING. One Day 
Service. Free Editing. 51.75 per page. Call 
Ann 229-9119. (1/22-3/12) 

Math tutoring. On campus. All college 
levels. GRE, SAT. Guaranteed. I st meeting 
free. Leave message. 492-8071. (I/25-2/8) 

TUTORING: Writing, research UCSD 
Writing Program Instructor with ESL 
experience. Call Jason 565-6360. (2/5-2/8) 

VALETS 
CASHIERS 

WORD PROCESSING - Student papers, 
resumes. Laser printing. spellcheck. 52.20/ 
OS page. Experienced. Reli.lole. Input/ 
Output 535-3010. (1/25-2/15) 

Professional theatrical and commercial 
headshots in studio. 72 shots for $60. 
Guaranteed! Also. portfolios. compoSites 
and on location sports and modeling 
photography. UCSD students call 587-
4874. "Hot Shots" studio on Gilman Dr. (1/ 
29-2/30) 

EXA MINE YOUR LIFE in brief 
psychotherapy. Affordable . Betty 
Lightstone IiLCS8727. Call 232-1251. (2/ 
1-2126) 

Wanted: 30 people to lose up to 251bs. in 
30 days while earning! Anne 279-4265. 
(2/5-2126) 

Bookkeeping -complete services tailored 
to needs of any small business and 
individuals. Tax Services. 558-7853. 
(2/5-2/15) 

Personal Trainer. Learn bodybuilding 
correcUy from a pro-David, 450-9052. 
(2/8-2/12) 

Typing, word processing. Term papers, 
theses, resumes. Good work, good rates, 
close to school. 453-0592. (218-2/22) 

WANTED 

Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted for a study 
on the effects of alcohol. If you are a 
UCSD student or non·academic staff. 
American born male of entirely Japanese. 
Chinese, or Korean descent, call Scripps 
Clinic and Research Foundation for more 
information, 554-2192. (1/4-3/12) 

Research: Healthy women 18-30, with 
Long, Inregular menstrual cycles. No 
medical illness. anemia. Daily blood 
drawing x I cycle, sleeping with night 
light 5x. Payment $5.00/blood. Message 
552-8585 ext. 3219. (I/16-2I8) 

Tutor for Math IB neeeded. $12/hr. one 
hour a week. Experience required. Soo 
453-6926. (1/25-218) 

Disabled female attorney needs individual 
to aid at desk. 9:00 a.m. 10 7:00 p.m .. M! 
W/F. Filing, light bookkeeping. good 
grammar and punctuation skills required . 
Able to drive a van - automatic 
transrnission. Call 454-9101. (2/1-2/8) 

Drivers 10 deliver cookie bouquets Feb. 
14. Familiar with San Diego area. Good 
pay. 546-0440. (2/1-2I8) 

WANTED: Childcare for 2 girls; 3 & 6. 
Desire energetic, non·smoker with own 
transponation to work 20-25 hours/week. 
Afternoon and evenings. Light 
housekeeping. References. Bird Rock area 
(La Jolla). 454-4992. (2/1-2/12) 

TOWING DISPATCHER WANTED -
UCSD area nights and weekends. Should 
be conducive to study. ALSO HAVE 
POSITION FOR DRIVERS AND SALES 
REPRESENTATIVE. Aexible Hours call 
450-1818. (2/5-2/15) 

At::e Parking Inc., San Diego's largest parking management firm is looking 
for professional and dependable Individuals who would like to loin our 
fast moving team. 
Immediate posItions are available in La Jolla. The Golden Triangle. and 
many other central locations In San Diego. 
We offer FLEX hours, part·ti~, full-time hifts and benefits. 
Interviews will be conducted in La Jolla / Unive"ity City by appointment, 

or you may apply in person dt our down-
town location. 
Bring your va lid CA drivers hc.en<oe, D.MV 
Printout and S.S. card to Ace Parking Inc., 
Personnel, 1452 7th Avenue (Beech Street) 
San Diego, CA 92101. For mo re Informa 
tion , or to schedul appointment call 
231-9501 . 
Equal Opportunity Employer . 

Pan·time work with full -time income can 
be yours with a phenomenal business of 
your own. Service Industry (Travel. long 
distance. rcson rentals) backed by an 
ex plosive growth California Company. 
Complete training and suppon. Call 560-
6030 for more infommtion. (2/5-2/8) 

Wanted: 75 people serious about losing 
those unwanted pounds and inches. Call 
Anne or Lynn 569-5298. (2/5-2/15) 

Tum your foreign contacts into topS. Private 
San Diego school with innovati ve English 
Language/Spons program needs help 
developing promotional mailing lists for 
Europe, Asia, Middle East. I...atin America. 
558-1644. (2/5-2/15) 

Volunteers for Teach for America Day! 
Feb. 10. 1 Oa.m. - 2 p.m. Call Vickie at 457-
3342. (218) 

Singer. For an established rock band with 
future gigs. Call Dave 792-2272. (218-
2/12) 

Child care 7 and 5 year old . Close to UCSD. 
$6 an hour. Mon, Wed 12-5p.m .. Tues, 
Thurs I :30-5 p.m. Need Carl 3 afts could 
work too. Call 587-3610. (2/8-2/12) 

Part nmeSURVEYTAKERS for Marketing 
research. Must like meeting & talking with 
people! No sales. Aexible part-time hours. 
Weekly pay. Call Keith at 293-3719. (2/8-
2/12) 

Earn $2000-54000. Searching for 
employment that pennits working your own 
hours, but still challenging enough for your 
entrepreneurial skills? Manage programs 
for Fonune 500 companies. Earn $2000 to 
S4OOO. Call (800) 932·0528 ext. 21 or (800) 
950-8472 ext. 21. (218-2/12) 

FOR SALE 

Futon, beautiful color, special frame , 
unused. $95. can deliver. Also queen bed 
never used. 284-6222. (1/25-2/26) 

IBM compatible Turbo XT, 640K RAM, 2 
360K drives, Color Mortitor. $395. Call 
Rob: 697-9192. (1~9-2/8) 

Amiga looo,512K.2drives, RGBmonitor, 
Citizen Printer, some sofiware. $895. Mark 
587-8946. (1129-218) 

Ford Maverick '73. Good condition. Make 
an offer! Call Agnes 457-7969. (1129-2I8) 

Macintosh 800K External Disk Drive $ 100. 
Ramiro 273-8209. (2/1-218) 

Camera Ricoh KR -305 P w /motor dri ve , 
50mm lens. Uses Pentax lenses. 5200. CaI'l 
Matt@558-6(j14. (2/5-2/8) 

1978 Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme. 
Excellent condition. Runs well. 72,000 
miles. Call 587-2713,leave message. (2/5-
2/12) 

Classic 1966 Mustang excellent condition, 
reslOred by 6-year owner. $2.900 o.b.o. 
leave message at 558-8533. (2/5-2/15) 

DESK FOR SALE: Sturdy, office-style 
desk. Excellent condition. $65 o.b.o. (must 
sell) 272-4612/490-0477. (2/5-218) 

Must sacrifice Yamaha 750 Virago super 
clean, helmet and jumpsuit. Call Howard at 
587-0629 anytime. (2/5-2/12) 

83 Honda 750 V45 Magna. 10,000 mls .• 
runs grear; just tuned. Must sell now. $800. 
Elliot wk · 534-3689, Hm. 587-2733. (2/5· 
2/12) 

Trek 500 series, 26 inch. 12 speed bike. 
Good condition. $ 150.00 Call 558-9130. 
(2/5-218) 

Computer: NEC Laptop. S I 000. Very fast. 
Uses 3 1/2" disks. Great for library, travel. 
and at home use. LCD Screen. Maryellen 
558-1703. (218-2/15) 

SURFBOARD! RustyITown and Country, 
6'10"Gun with board bag. Great for bigger 
days at Blacks or Hawaii. $225 obo. Call 
Laurence. 558-3703. (2/8) 

Thursday, February 8, 1990 

Futon and frame 5 I 05. Can deliver Call 
268-0814. (218) 

Xcel welSuit. Men M-LExcellentcondition. 
Great deal . $70.00 o.b.o. Call 558-7406. 
(2/8·2/20) 

Toshiba T·looo Laptop IBM Compatible 
w/ Citizen 180.0 printer and Microsoft 
Wordprocessing. I month old. $750 n.b.o. 
Call Casey at 457-5979. Perfect College 
Student package. (2/8-2/12) 

HOUSING 

Room in Del mar for rent. 2 minutes from 
beach. Own room, fireplace, kitchen. private 
pool, and jacuzzi. microwave. VCR, 
laundry. Available 2125. $365/mo. 755-
6492. (1/29-2/8) 

325 + 1/4, own room. garage. photolab, 
backyard, Rose canyon. 3491 Tony Dr. 
(UTC) 458-9427 Now. (2/5-2/8) 

Room for Rent 2 blocks from campus in 
large, all-student house. Own room, private 
pool, fireplace. kitchen. washer. dryer. Non-
smoker, M/F Available early March $350/ 
month + 1/6 utilities (+ sec. and first and 
last). Call Sandra or Dale 452-2222. (2/5-
2/15) 

Male, under 25 to share stud, 2 br. oceanfront 
condo. Del Mar. furnished,ABP, negotiable. 
259-1305. (2/5-2/15) 

Own Room in 4 bedroom house UTC area. 
Rides to/from campus. $270!mo. +1/4 util. 
450-0806. (218-2/12) 

Roommate wanted in Pacific Beach. If you 
are responsible, clean, happy, drug free , 
mellow and looking for a roommate with 
similar qualities then call 483-2057. We 
will share expenses. $330. (2I8-2/15) 

Roommate wanted to share large two-
bedroom. one·bath apanment. Near UTC. 
Big Bear. Non-smoker. $357/month. 1/2 
utilities. Available immediately. Call1eff, 
546-0650, evenings or leave message. (218-
2112) 

I 

LOST AND FOUND 

Found on campus: 6 month female 
dobennan. Has red collar, but no tags. Call 
Grant, Per or Alex at 488·5 179. (2I8-2/12) 

PERSONALS 

Muir Commuter Breakfasts are Mondays 
8-\0 a.m. in Cloud's Rest. Just 50 cents! 
(1/29-2/15) 

Panicipate in the MuirCommuter Councill 
Meetings : Mondays 3:30-4:30p.m. 
Provost's Conference Room H&SS 2148. 
(1/29-2/15) 

Attention: Triton Yearbook Staffis looking 
for enthusiastic peopie for our photography 
and darkroom staffs. If interested. come to 
meetings on Wednesdays 6:00 p.m. or call 
534-7491 and leave a message.(2!I-2126} 

CABO SAN LUCAS SPRING BREAK -
April 10-14. $346.00 double occupancy, 
includes hotel, air, etc. PROFESSIONAL 
TRAVEL 481 -1264. (2/1-2/26) 

Revelle Semi-formal is coming Feb. 24th. 
Tickets til box office. S21.5O. After Feb. 11 
523.00. (2/1-2/20) 

DRUMMER WANTED: Originals band 
playing something resembling ska. funk. 
rock and ? wants energetic drummer who is 
versatile and has a good memory. Call John 
Aeming 273-2145 or Jon Cohn 270-2915. 
(2/5-218) 

To the brothers of Sigma Pi • let 's brave the 
cold together Sat. night. Sig. Kaps. (2/8) 
Tri·Delts, DOs. and Delts • it was Mardi 
Gras magiC. Thanlcs for a great exchange! -
DSP(2I8} 

Thursday, February 8, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

BASEBALL 
Contin Ued from page 10 

The only problem for the Tritons 
was that those mistakes carried over 
to the next day. Against SCC, an 
NAiA power, the Tritons managed 
only two hits and never reall y seemed 
into the game in the 6-1 loss. 

Staning pitcher JJ. Fisher fell 
victim to the problems. In 2 2{3 
innings of work, he allowed all six 
Vanguard runs on six hits imd two 
walks. 

"It definitely was not aJ.J. Fisher 
game," Yates said. "He was walk-
ing people and pitching from be-
hind, and that's where he got in 
trouble," 

After falling behind 6-0 in the 
first three innings, the Tritons "re-
grouped to shutout the Vanguards 
the rest of lhe way. Dann Eaton and 
Rich Tomolonis limited SCC to two 
hits over the final six innings, 

"We showed a lack of mental and 
physical discipline, especially at the 
plate. We didn't have the intensity 
we needed. But we will bounce 
back," Yales said. 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Continued from page 12 

Christine Marchetta • let's make a 
difference. Give your input on whtll UCSD 
needs. Come Thursday. Feb. 15 12-1 :30 to 
Student Alumni Association Orienlalion. 
Price Center, Berkeley Room · April (218. 
2/IS) 

Mens I...acrosse - thanks for Saturday, let's 
doitagain. Good luck this seIISOII! Women's 
lacrosse. (218) 

TIle 
GRE Is 
Wllell? 

I STANU:Y H. KAPlAN Tm Kap\anOrTakcYour<hmces 
4780 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

San Diego, CA 92117 
(619) 277·6744 

For OIhcr loeallons ca ll 8OO·KAP-TI:ST 

Women's Hoop Beats Christ College 
The small and mighty can only 

persevere for so long, as Christ 
College ofIrvine fou nd out Tues-
day night. 

The UCSD women's basket-
ball learn. behind sophomore 
center Cari Young's 23 points 
and 12 rebounds, overcame a 25-
10 deficit to defeat Christ Col-
lege 78-69 in Irvine. 

The Tritons applied a full-
court press and a zone defense to 
ignite a 17-2 run. 

UCSD, led by 6'2" Lisa 
Beaver's 20 points and nine re-
bounds, exploited its consider-
able size advantage to stonn back 
and tie the game at 27 apiece. 

UCSD is now 12-7, having 
won its last three games to sal-
vage a three-week road series 
that staned with two close losses. 

The Tritons begin a three-
game homestand tomorrow night 
in a rematch of the season opener 
against Point Lorna Nazarene. 

USD Shuts Out Men's Tennis, 9-0 
As the saying goes, history 

has a way of repeating itself. 
For the second consecutive 

year, the UCSDmen's tennis team 
has opened the season with a shon 
losing streak. 

Tuesday afternoon. lhe Tri-
tons had that streak extended to 
three as they fell to Division I 
University of San Diego, 9-0, in a 
nonconference matchup al USD. 

USD's J.R. Edwards knocked 

Hey, you toaster! My morning crumb cake 
was full of tune filling! Phi Alpha forever! 
(2/8) 

To all the Deltas, thanks for the Mardi Gras 
extravaganza! An enticing evening. Delta 
Gamma. (218) 

Sigs, Derby Days was awesome! We had a 
great time. We love you. Delta Gamma. 
(218) 

Come to David Heffron's wedding on 
Saturday. Need moo: info R.S.V.P. with 
Dave @ 536-112S. (218) 

t Taconme 
. FREE 

DRINK REFILLS 
Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

La Jolla Village Center 

off Francois Monnar 6-3, 6-2 in 
No. 1 singles to lead the Toreros 
(2-2) to victory, Edwards also 
teamed with Tim Bubnack in 
doubles to drop Monnar and Tim 
Ditzler 3-6,6-4,6-2. 

USD's Jose Luis Noriega, ttl'e 
nation's second-ranked si ngles 
player, was given the day off. 

The Tritons host the UCSD 
Tournament this weekend at the 
Muir and Matthews couns. 

If you saw the accident on Hutchinson Way 
(next 10 Career Center) between brown 
sedan and burgundy Austin Healey Sprite 
spomcar. Friday Feb. 2 (approx 3:30 p.m.) 
PLEASE call Kelly 490-0477. (218) 

Sigma Kappas ·see ya on the slopes Sal. 
Sigma Pi. (218) 
Toaster!? I Don' t call me a tOBSter at my 
own school, you Den of Minerva! (218) 

Doorknob, Doorknob, I am the master. 
Nor-Cal is the best, Brandonian rules. later 
HoaJes. (2I8-2/12) 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFfORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

( \ I I I..., I II~"" I 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Broken 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

Nortb#315 

DE PYlAMIIIF PAIII Con.emponory a .. and a",hitcc.u"" includinc I. M. Poi', ~ pyramid a •• h. Louv"" a", two of .ho focal p"'nb of our 1990 Summer p ......... 
• More lhan 40 

reaular offerinp 
(rom Ihe 
Uniftnity'l 

Ii~ral .ns 
curriculum 

• A three·week 
Fren~h lanpalC 
immenion 
proaram, 
(ea. urin& 
cultural walkin, 
loun 

• A abo" ~oune 
o n the hiotory of 
the Berlin Will, 
culminllinl in a 
five-day"udy 
. rip 

• Seminar toUR: 
medievll and 

on the French 
Riviera 

• Weekend 
eKcunion.: 
Normandy, 
Champalf\e. 
loire Valley 
chiteaux, and 
Giverny 

Intenession: 
May 28 • June is 
Summer Session: 
June 18· July 27 
Seod for our 1990 
Summer Program 

Brochure 

TIE 
AMERICAN 

IIIVEIIITY 
IF PAIII 

The A"",""an Univenily of Paria 
Summer P ..... r ..... /U.S. Office 

80 £all tlth Scree., ui~ .. 14 
Now York. New York 1000J 

Td. (21l) 677-4870 
F ••• (lll) 47'-'20' 

SPORTS 13 

r-------------------, 
2 TANS $1 
One for You, One For A Friend 

30 TAN DAYS $29 
Lose 6" in 2 Hrs. Guaranteed I 
European Body Wrap· Only 548 

Nol a temporary waler loss. No exercise or olels . 

TRIM & TAN • UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct. • 454-0909 
Pacific Beach ' MissionValley , State College' Sports Arena 

Call for detais ' 2nd 30 tan days 539.99 ' F"nt-tme clients 

I 

L _________________ ~~~ 

YEARS 
A HEAD 

H AIRCUTS 
by Christina and Mark 

Women $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg. $19) 

UCSD Specials 
Perm & Haircut or 
Highlight & Haircut $50 

For appoinrmenr. please ('all 451-2930. flt)50 J'ilhl La Jolt. Dr .• 
Sir. 2120, La Jolla (hehmd EI TorilO dir~cl~1' across ramp.) 

Rath'. WAitEHOUSE· In K_my Mesa, _ Con_y St. ' 

FUTONS OR FRAMES 
5% DISCOUNT 4·WAY LOU ..... & 6 - ""ON 
when you buy cotton solid futon & Twin 596.90 Queen $126.35 
1000ger herein, sinUtaneously Full $114.95 

. 
King $190.00 

PUI'OIIS fUIOIIS IVIOIIS ...... 
§: s: §: s: §: s: • II. PrIIII 

Twin $60 sal Twin $69 $89 Twin $65 $85 a: a: 
Ful $70 $90 FuN $89 $109 Fub $75 $95 Twin $89 $109 
Q.oeen $80 $100 ~n $99 $129 ~n $85 $105 Ful $99 $119 
King $110 $130 (CcnvoIuIlld_. (l~oIlo1m Q.oeen $109 $129 
(cct1OIl) :I,.".. in em) IfICtX.) (PrinIod_sido) 

PUTONS PUTOII RIAMIS .·WAY 
" ' •• • r Pr&.I COWl .. PULLSIZI La .... 

a: a: SolId Print Pine $109 ••••• Twin $t09 5129 T S31 $50 Oak $199 TIIiI $42 Fu. $119 $t39 Swing $169 FIll $51 Queen $129 $149 F S36 $55 Steel $266 o.n $53 (---) Q $39 $&0 Chelsea $159 Krig $90 
. 

IIIW ITOIII HOURS LAItGI IIIftIINaY TAKI ' 
Prices sOOject to change. Thu .... 12-7 pm; Fri. 12-6 pm 

Sat. 10-5 pm; Sun. 11-4 pm 
Mon.-Wed. appo;ntments 
292-4673 or 569-7081 
VlSA-MASTERCARD-nSI 

DeMIy aVIiIIIIe. 
'4107 --rt .... ..... _ .... F" 

Take 1.a05 or III 1-16310 a' .,1 Mesa Blvd. 
Go 2 bIrJdIa .... IllIIIIaJIy 51., on 

NE comer oIlIInuy ... Ronson Rd. 

• NO SALES TAXI on 
PAUL MITCHELL product s only 

TO ALL UCSD STUDENrS 
with valid I.b. and coupon through 1991. 

TIRED CF BAD HA'RCUTS ArW PAYI~JG 530:' _-
'or 'ne best preCISion balal1C£'d hallcu: 

0 1 your !'Ie ' ':Je do II \ Cl.1 ... a\ 

$15 00 CUT, SHAMPOO, BLOWDRYI - 7512 La Jolla Blvd. 
(corner of Pearl in La Jolla) 

M-TlIura. 1M 
Fri."" 10-5 

'. 

Perms $35 & up 



14 

WHO SAYS IT'S 
A MAN'S WORLDl 

Maybe you 
want to challenge 
your technical abil-
ities repairing 
state-of-the-art 
satelli te communi-
cations systems. 
Maybe digital 
computer repair 
or topographic 
surveying sounds 
like a career you'd 
be interested in. 

Or, maybe you'd like to be a flight crew chief cruising 
high above the treetops in a helicopter. 

You can do just about anything you want to do, and 
can qualify for, in the Army. In fact, over 200 challeng-
ing specialties are open to women. And no experience 
is required. You provide the motivation and dedication-
we'll provide the skill training. And the Army experi-
ence can provide you with the kind of confidence and 
know-how you'll need to take on life's challenges. 

So why settle for the same old routine? 
See your local Army Recruiter today for details. 

Pacific Beach 483-2397 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 8, 1990 

The UCSD Journal of Undergraduate Research 

.,f PU."5HID 
We will accept your research papers 

for any major, in any field, including 
critical essays, espanded term papers, 

condensed senior or honors theses. 

W e will also publish photos. This 
year's theme is San Diego Fountains. 

Entries should be black and white 

photos, 5x7. 

D .. "" ... 'or .. til re ... rc" "."e,. an" 
",..to. In ""."",",1 '."ruG" I 5. 
.. , ...... "." e .. "" •• to tit. 
uS Gra .. ts oHIc. In tit. Pr'c. Center. 

Any questions? Dial534~3917 . 

To study alone for the MCAT is nearly impossible. To study without 
Stanley H. Kaplan is simply a bad career move. 

Maybe it's our 50 years of experience. Our small classes and advanced 
teaching methods. Or a research dqlimnent that reactS to test changes before 
most companies even know they exist. 

Whatever it is. if medicine is in your future. Stanley H. Kaplan can help 
you stan practici ng right now. 

l STANLEY H. KAPlAN Take Kaplan OrTake Your OUIIlCes 
Classes on Campus starting February 15, 1990 

Call 277-6744 to register! 

For other locations call 8OO·KAP· TEST. 

.. } 

Thursday, February 8, 1990 

GOLF 
Continued rrom pqe 10 
Thomas. Though he is only ajun-
ior, his distance off the tee and his 
solid short game have made him 
the Tritons' scoring leader. 

According to Wydra, Thomas 
has enough talent to play on any 
Division I team in the country if he 
so desired. At UCSD, he is the 
leading candidate to win the indi-
vidual National Championship, 
which he pursued last year only to 
falter in the cI utch. 

As the head of the team, Tho-
mas is supported by a quartet of 
returnees who comprise the back-
bone of the squad. Bob Knee, Matt 
Stottem, Scott Stringfellow, and 
Gary Bong have provided strong 
support in the past, and have stead-
ily improved by putting in hours of 
hard work at the range. 

"Not only will these guys tum 
in good scores, but they ' re the ones 
you seeatthe range everyday. They 
show the newcomers what's 
needed," Wydra said. " I can count 
on them to set the example and to 
establish a good scoring average." 

In addition to the veterans, the 
Tritons have what Wydra called 
"probably the best group of new-
comers we 've ever had. " 

Leading the group is Bobby 
Meyerson, a transfer from Pierce 
Junior College. He has already 
earned the spot right behind Tho-
mas as the team's second best 

scorer. 

He is joined by first-year stu-
dent Dale Abraham, a highly-
touted recruit who will redshirt 
this year. 

Other first-year players who will 
sit out this year include Campbell 
Waldrop and Bob Warrington. 

"There is just a tremend"us 
group of newcomers. MostoftheJ" 
will sit out this year, but I think 
they will give the team a tremen· 
dous lift next season." Wydra said. 

"This season we have an excel-
lent chance to be in the top five at 
the Nationals. Next year we' re 
going to win it," he predicted. 

Triton hopes for a champion-
ship in 1991 are strengthened by 
the fact that they will lose only one 
player, senior Mike Reinhart, to 
graduation. 

The Tritons first real test begins 
this week when they must play 
four matches in one week, three of 
which are on the road. Tomorrow 
they travel north to face Di vision D 
Cal State Dominguez Hills. 

Loyola Marymount Clubs 
Triton Golf in Opener 

On Monday, the UCSD golf 
team fell to Division I Loyola 
Marymount on the Lions' tough 
home course at the Los Angeles 
Country Club. 

The four man total for the 
Tritons was 324 (81 average) 
compared to 316 for LMU (79 
average). 

Saturday, February 10. 

Pic-A-Bagel. Live Band. 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

Baseball 
UCSD 9 Christ College 4 
So. Cal College 6 UCSD 1 UCSD xtramural Club Sports ... 

Women's Basketball 
UCSD78 
Christ College 69 

- Cari Young: 23 points 

Men's Tennis 
USD9,UCSDO 

Men's Volleyball 
Cal State Northridge d. UCSD 
15-7,15-4, 12-15, 15-9 
• Nate Brown: 20 kills 

MIlt Y{bQ 
Cycling Criterium at USD 
Lacrosse (M) at Arizona State 
Lacrosse (W) OXY & CLAREMONT 
Rugby USD 
Sailing at UC Irvine 
Ski Racing GS #4. SL #3 at Mammoth 

DJx 
Sat./Sun. 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Saturday 
Sat./Sun. 
Sat./Sun. 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 

Ii.mk 
TBA 
1:00 p.m. 
11:30 a.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
TBA 
TBA 

Weelcend Intercollegiate Sports Attractions ... 
:mw 
BasketbaU (M) 

BasketbaU (W) 

Feac:ing 

Golf 
Swimming 

Tennis (M) 
Tennis (W) 

VoIIeybaU (M) 

lDa D.u 
at Menlo College Friday 
at UC Santa Cruz Saturday 
POINT LOMA NAZARENE Friday 
COLORADO COLLEGE Saturday 
Stanford at Long Beach Friday 
UC Santa Cruz at Long Beach Saturday 
at Cal State Dominquez Hills Friday 
at Arizona State Saturday 
at Arizona Sunday 
UC SAN DIEGO TOURNAMENT Fri.-Sun. 
LONG BEACH STATE Friday 
at Claremont-Scripps Saturday 
at UC IrVine Saturday 

HOME EVENTS IN BOLD CAPS 
CSD 

Sigma Chi Alpha 
would like to thank: 

Alpha Omicron Pi 
Delta Gamma 

Delta Delta Delta 
Kappa Kappa Gamma 

Pi Beta Phi 
and 

Sigma Kappa 

llmt 
7:30 p.m. 
TBA 
7:00 p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 
5:00 p.m. 
9:00 a.m. 
12:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
1l:00 a.m. 
All Day 
2:00 p.m. 
11:00 a.m. 
7:30 p.m. 

for their spirit and enthusiasm 
during Derby Days, 1990 

Turn on, Tune in, Drop out. 

Congratulations to 
Kappa Kappa Gamma, 

Derby Days Champions 
and to 

Julie Vargo, 
Derby Queen, 1990 

• 

., 



16 

( 

The UCSD Guardian 

Fisher Era ends with another 
~,~!~~~~~e ~ .. ~ iC-."~ __ 293 
UCSD has ever had in i1s 25·year hisklry. There 's no fee~ 301.308, 31 o~ Fotks, thars throwing the 
doubt about " I ball, the length of a fOOlbaJI field and having h land witl1n 

FISher proved " once again this pas1 Sunday by four-to-five feet of the mark. Each and every time. Each 
winning f)s third UCSD Superstars AI~Sports Co"1ll'tition and every year. 
in accustomarily ilT1lressive fashion, 

Fisher scored 6479 points on the eigh!-event. decath-
lon-type scoring tables to thoroughly dominate the event. 
He didn't set a record, but there's no doubt that he could 
have, And really, when you sit down and think about i~ 
there was really no need to do it. 

Alter all, he holds the ali-time record himself, anyways, 
at 6501, and just about every other record imaginable in 
this 15-year old event. Whars another record? He's got 
'email. 

You wanna hear 'em. Probably not. But we should get 
the numbers out of the way, anyways. ~'s pretty cisgust· 
iog, but, hey, what are you going to do when you've got 
talent? Show it olf, right? JJ did. 

Well, here " goes for all you number crunchers. JJ was 
the first three-peater in Superstars listory. Doug Roche, 
Rick Wilbert, Craig Kreeger, and Eric Macy each had won 
two competitions during their tenures at UCSD. All four of 
them were great athletes in their own rights. FISher was 
definitely in another league. Want proof? OK. 

In five years of Superstars CO"1ll'tition, Fisher racked 
up 30,935 total points. Only Roche had ever cleared 
28,000. 

Only 11 UCSD students ever, out of hundreds who 
have tried, have gone on to score over 6000 points in any 
one competition. JJ did it four times in consecutive years. 
Only Roche of the others did it more than once. 

In the events,themselves, FISher was a rock. He had 
no bad ones. Solid in everything, and truly outstaming in 
a few. He holds the bench press record at 375 pounds, 
but in no way would you call him muscle-bound. 

In the softball throw, FISher owned the event with his 
legendary cannon for an arm. His best throws for 

UCSD Superstars'tO 
Top Ten Scores • Individual Competition 

1 JJ Fisher 
2 Carolyn Hoffman 
3 Rich Simpson 
4 TImAndre 
5 Man Lamphere 
6 Will Mingram _~AJllr;\ 
7 Man Baldersto 
8 Susan Carney 
9 John Wood 
10 Brian Siljander 

6479 
5974 
5788 
5667 
5657 
5600 
5449 
5374 
5296 
5021 

T8II1I Champion · Gremmie Stompers 
Don O'Niel, Kim Howard, Kiwi Reinhardt, 
Curtis Carter ·1 0,619 points 

New Event Records Set . Rick Lau 
(Bowting) , 224 

Fisher'. M.-ks 

6O-yard dish 6.81 IIC 
WeigI-ifI 375 .. 
FIIId Go* x 5 125 yell 
SoIbII Throw 31411 
I3cIwq 201 pine 
5O-yanI1rIestyIe 28.38 IIC 
SoIbII HIIing x 5 1133 II 
BIIkeIbIfI Supershol 44 1* 

Hgh~ 5'8" 
Mile Run 5:05 
T 0IaI Points (Best 8 Events) 
Average Poinls Per EvtnI (Best 8) 

796 
1103 
1125 
851 
104 
881 
872 
733 
800 
883 
81142 
.7.7 

To put those oombers into perspec~ve a IitUe more, the 
average score per event by most Superstars competitors is 
around 625 points per event. When you took at JJ's 867 
per event, " doesn't take one long to figure out that this 
guy has it going pretty good. 

All oombers aside, there is another side to JJ FISher 
that very few people k lOW. It's his incredible colT1l9titive 
toughness at crunch time. 

When it was time to knuckle down and come 14' with 
TH E BIG mark, JJ would rarely let you down. TIme after 
time, event after event, FISher's inner confidence would 
eventually take over at ill1lOrtant stages of COf1lI8Iitions. 
He'd deliver just about every time, and then, would n0n-
chalantly saunter oft like " was no big deal. Just expected. 

When he completed his last event this year, we asked 
JJ what his favorite event was. 'The softbaIt throw, of 
course; he would say. The gint in tis eyes would tell 
anyone invnediately that he ike<! donlnaling the 
co"1ll'tition, especially in an event ike the softball throw 
in which no one came remotely close 10 toucling him. 

You could tell that his Superstars caraer meant a lot to 
him, although, he rarely expressed ~h feelngs verbaly. 
On his way out, he had one last comment. 'Does anyone 
here have any inl\Jence with graduate school adnis· 
sions?" he said. 'I'd love to have another five years at 
this thing.' 

It gave you the feeling , that there was some unfinished 
business that he had left with Superstars, Like 8000 points 
in one year. Or nine trilion in a career. Or something. 

Although, FISher's Superstars career is over, he's 
athletic one at UCSD is not. Not by a long shot. FISher 
plays baseball for the varsity Tritons. Natwally, he pitches, 
plays centerfield when he doesn't pitch, and Ilts clean-\4l. 
You'lI be hearing from thiS'J4l'l again betore the year is out. 

McGrath outguns Tubbs, Lau for Supershot title 
In the Superahot finals last Monday night Ron McGrath put on an outside 

shootln, clinic to take home the title. "I mHe my ..... throw to let thlnp ,oInc, 
but then I w .. 'klnda In a rut for 10 or 15 seconcIa, " the cMmp explained. "I've been 
real sick the past week, so I wasn't sure how long I could hold up. I'm glad It was 
only a minute 'cau .. I was out of gas." 

Ron navigated his way out 01 the rut and Into a groove as he went on to sink 
.. ven 2O-foot bombs. He was the flrat of the three finalist to compete 8Rd put the 
heat on the competition, by postln, a 52 1/2 score. McGrath continued, "I was 
glad I got to. flrat and get It out of the way. I think It put preuure on the other 
guys when they saw my score." 

The competition did feel the pre .. ure. They could do no better than half 
McGrath's score. Defendlrw champ Rick Leu, and Terence Tubba lofted nothInc but bt1cks at 
the hoop, Mver challenglnc the champ. 

Concratulatlons, to UCSD ."'rpest .hooter and winner 01 the 1990 Baeketball Superahot 
- Ron McGrath. 

• 

Thursday, February 8,1990 

Intramural 
SOCCER UPDATE 

... Roin, roin, 10 away, come agai" .ome otMr Sunday •.. 

~ sure seems ike our Sunday Intra· 
mural Soccer leagues are getting picked 
on this year. I hear there is a water 
shortage somewhere 14' in the land of 

~. Whattheyoughttodoissend 
~ UCSD's Sunday soccer teams in mass' 
and announce that they witl play on a 
Sunday in the Bay area I guarantee flaI 
the drought in the Bay eree win be over 
immedatefy from the rain ~on by 
our Sunday soccer program. did we 
cancel games on .. Bowt nday. 

ct.y ~ 13 n pI8, U-gIIMI 
on SIIunII, FtbMry 24. ThIt wit 
compIIIe their 1CheduIe. We will take 
the top hili 01 every Slturdly lelgue to 
the pIIyoIfI ....... hive played 
III their IDgue gIIIID. 

The SundI, IeIguH wi. continue 
on with their MgUIIr IChIduIe n we 
will not ..... up lIlY rIInouta ..... 
... no avalllble SundIya to rIIChIcI-
ute to If WI .. going to inIIh the pIIy-
offL BUT, ... lIItIkkIg .. Sunday 
..,.. to the pIayoIII, IF YOU HAVE 
WON ONE GAIlE OR TED A GAIlE. 
ThIa wIIlncIude mort SundIy '-' 
lnIohplayofllaa thlyobvloully "-
not pIayM a 11M IChIduIe 01 ~ 

What a lousy gamelQ 
Anyway, whaI the heck to do with aI 

these rainoulS? The 1M Czars have come 
14' with a Jian, barring rain, to finish the 
season. So isten ~ and take notell 

ThtSlUday IeIguea wII continue 
on with thIIr ..... 1ChIduIe1lld ... 
thll'IInouI gIIIIII mIaICIlrom SIIur· 

Playoffs begin on Saturday March 
3rd. and wi. finish on Sunday March 11th. 

I 

(Ra1&ld",. thru Jan. 21) 
MEN'SM 
!lim 
1. Most Ugly Dudes 
2. Stromboi 
3. Urine TIOI.bIe 
4. Whimsical Yams 
5. 3rd Asmt 
6. Toking To VICtory 
7. Pun Out & Dribble 
8. Teeeks Dream Team 
9. Sevil Natas 
10. Orlhopedc Shuffle 

MEN'S A 
IIim 
1. Flaming Moth Vomit • 
2. Jack Icth & Fun Gus 
3. Bush 
4. Kaya, Peon & Tofu 
5. Dignity Banalion 
6. Ficken Sie 
7. Disco FC2 
8, Andy's Men An A Ball 
9. Supercoliders 
10. AI Bundy's Disciples 

COEDAA ' ~® 
HIli 111m ,.1 ~ 
1-0 1. Not 
1-0 2. You ... 1Il ........ 
1-0 3. 
1-0 4. 
1-0 5. 
1-0 6. 
1-0 7. 
1-0 8. 
1-0 
t-o 

COED A 
HIli rum 
1-0 1. Slug Muffins 
1·0 2. Tuna Thunder 
1·0 3. Socce Psychics 
1·0 4. Buddies On The Field 
1-0 5. Kick in' The Baits 
1-0 6. Mike Etc. 
1-0 7. Obnoxious Few 
1.() 8. GSSL 
1·0 9. Nature's Best 
1-0 10. Guys Are Worthless 

Ik 
1'() 
1.() 
1.() 
1.() 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1.() 
1'() 
1.() 

BASKETBALL Ran/d,.,. ... ofFd>.6 
lIE 
MEN'SMA 
1 Potpourri 
2 Dinner is 
3Nl1c 
4 Point Game 
5 Ugh! it Up 

MEN'S M 
1 Team Concept 4-0 
2 Smelt My FISt 4-0 
3 King John & His Court 4-0 
4 Skunks, Maggots, No Cow 5-0 
SSmooveMove 4-0 
6 Legion of Doom 4-0 
7 Super Whales 4-0 
8 Team Gut 4-0 
9 Jalt 3-0 
10 Wetlnner Phi's 4-0 

MEN'S A 
1 Synthetic T cots 5.() 
2 Faithful Wonders 4-0 
3 Vaniia Thunder 4-0 
4T earn Bob 4-0 
5 Rupes\er's Hoopsters 3-0 
6 Katy'. Kids 5.() 
7 Early AM Stiffies 4-0 
8 Vllal Capacity 4-0 
9 Turbo Phallus 4-0 
10 Bird Ball 4-0 

MEN'S 5'10" • UNDER 
1 TeriyaIU Up the Yingyang 4-0 
2 Dunkin Docs 4-0 
3 Come, Shoot & Dribble 3-1 
4 flghtanders 2·1 
5 Mighty Munchkins 3-1 

COED 
1 CluNy' Y 4-0 
2 Maternity Ward 2-0 
3 On A Roll 4-0 
4 We're Baaackil 2-0 
5 Sometllng U Cannot Buy 3-0 

WOMEN'S 
I~Gang 3-0 
2VB isJuslaHcbby III 1-1 
3KappaKeyKrashers 2-0 
4 7 Point Guards 2·1 
5 Dunkin Donuts 2·2 

FEBRUARY ' 8, 1990 

Concerts: 
so Symphony to perform UCSD Prof's 
Pulitzer Prize-winning piece. PI 

Theater: 
Old Globe presents a predictable 
rendition of Cos SO'S "Granny." P4 



Ov.er-~ 
~~1 

Party 
Games 

Volley Pong: Boot Factor 4 
Volley Pong is a rougher form of Beer Pong that is for doubles 

only. Two cups of beer are placed side-b¥-side (touching) on the 
center line of the Ping-Pong table. approximately one foot from the 
back edge. Flip a coin to see who gets to receive first. Serving is a 
disadvantage. If a player hits the other team's cup on the serve, hlS 
team must take a pair of healthy gulps. 

Once the serve is properly in play, the action more closely 
resembles volleyball than Ping-Pong. T he receivingplayer"sets" or 
hits the ball into the air in the direction of the opponent's cups. if 
he mis...<es but still h its the table, the other team can retrieve and 
volley in the same manner. But if they can'r handle the slam and 
mISs rhe ball. then they must serve. If the slamming player mISses 
the table altogether, his team must serve. Should he hit the cups, 
the other players must down one-third of their beers. In the event 
that one or both cups are knocked over, the players mu t refill their 
beers, drink them, and wipe up the mess. All games are to 21, win 
by two, and Mung Rags are a must. 

Party Safe " Don It Drink and Drive 
The GulUdlan d_ not c:ondo,. the OOMumplion of .Icohol by mlncHw. 
Reprinted with permission from The Corrtpkre Book of Bur Drinking Games by 

Ben Rand, Andy Griscom and Scoujohnsron. Copyright 1989. Available atlocal 
bookStOres or from Mustang Publishing, PO Box 9327, New Haven. cr 06533 
($5.95 plus $1.50 po.ta~e) . 

Mira Me .. EcIw.rels ,h •• ten 
566-1917 

Hard To Kill Tango & Cash 
Stella Loose Cannons 

University 'own. C.ntre 
452-7766 

Glory Driving M iss Daisy 
Tango & Cash Born on the Fourth of July 

Stanley & Iris Flashback 

La Joll. Villa •• Th •• ten 
453-783\ 

Enemies: A Love Story Henry V 
Internal Affairs Stella 

K •• CI ••• ~2.3·5909 
2/8·2/10: Looking for Langston 

2/11-2/12: Krishnamurti--With a Silent Mind 
2/l3: Zsa Zsa Gabor's Queen of Outer Space/Barbarella 

Every Fri. & Sat. at Mltlnlght: 
Rocky Horror Picture .... w 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 

hot chocolate! 
. , 

" 

HOURS: 11-1 0:30 Sun.-Thurs. 
11-11 Frio & Sat. 
LA JOLLA COLONY 
7770 Regents I~d., Ste. 108 
(In Vcns ~opplng Center) 

L 
\ ., . 

• 'I \ . y. ~ . 
. , 

-

--------------------------
I : 2 for 1 ~~~E~~~f~~~:r : 
I lesser volue FREE. I 
I Void \ 11th any other o"er Toppings not inc luded I 
I - Ono coupon per customer Expires 2/11/90 I 

~--------------------------~ 

MoPA's 'Portrait of Nepal' 
Contrasts Man and Nature 

"Kevin Bubriski : Portrai t of 
Nepal," a photographic tour of the 
people of Nepal, is currently run-
ning at the 
Museum of 
Ph o t o-
graphic Art 
in Balboa 
Park. 

Co m -

By Melinda Hamilton 
Staff Writer 

returned several years later with a 
grant from the Harvard Univer-
sity Film Study Center and spe nt 

few of his pictures depict a ci ty 
setting, but the vas t majority show 
ordinary people who interrupted 

wh atever they 
happened to be 
doi ng at the 
mo ment to 
pose fo r the 
camera . 

The photo-
graphs taken in 
city sett ings 
d isplay beauti-
ful temples, ex-
otic architec-
ture and the 
people who 
live in the city. 
from the 
temple wor-
shippers to the 
street cleaners. 

The rural 

posed en -
t ire l y of 
black and 
while pho-
tographs . 
the exhibit 
showcases 
photogra-
pher Kevin 
Bubriski's 
images of 
N e p a l. 
Bubriski be-
came inter-
ested in the 
country af-

images range 
from the Kevin Bubriski's UHoly Forest at Mirgasthali. Pashupatinath Temple." houses of the 

ter working there with the Peace 
Corps. 

Bubriski began taking pictures 
and learned to peak Nepali fl u-
ently during his fo ur year stay. He 

months at a time in the remote 
mountain villages. 

Bubriski captures the spirit of 
the Nepali people through por-
traits of villagers' daily lives. A 

villages and their rice fields to 
portraits of their inhabitants--
from small children to a tax col-
lector and his wife to a shaman. 

See NEPAL, page 3 

Hiatus Staff Box 
Hiatus Editor Senior Staff Writers Reporters 
Patricia Jettie Christina Huizar Caroline Altman 

Nancy Muntner Ramine Bahrambegi 
Associate Hiatus Editor Audrey Lyn Winterer Wende Bischoff 

Helena Leng Loh Staff Writers James Darlow 
Laora Baker Mike Berta Pierre de Gaillande 

Music Editor Walter R. Bitts Scott Casmer Joceliza Gonzaga 
Bryan Dias Eric Gustafsen Melinda Hamilton Kevin Hultquist 

Josh Odintz Marie Pasternak James E. Ingman 
Editorial Assistants Michael Schwartz Jean Suzuki Michael Newton 

Lara Heisler Jennifer Yancey 
Hiatus is a weekly supplement to the UCSD Guardian. Free-lance material is accepted with prior 

editorial approval. 

dtl Industries 
Sales and Services 

• Normally 1-0ay 
ON-SITE service 

• FREE software 
& hardware 
consultation 

• HONEST, friendly 
service 

For more information 

276-1050 

Rw~/fe-
RESIDENT ADVISOR POSITIONS 

COME JOIN US IN CREATING A 
RICH, DWERSE COMMUN1TY 

APPLICATIONS AVAILABLE NOW 
Obtain job referral slip from Career Services 

ORIENTATION SESSIONS 
February 12, Monday', 4:30 p.m. 

Why Not Here? 
February 15, Thursday, 4:30 p.m. 

Revelle Apartment Lounge 
DEADLINE TO APPLY 

February 23, 1990, Friday, 4:30 p.m . 

2 HIATUS FEBRUARY 8, 1990 

Sushi Exhibit Mixes Metaph~rs 
of Humanity and Life 

Bv Jean Suzuki 
Staff Writer 

Remember elementary school English class? 
Remember the boredom oflearning metaphors. 
similes, and other seemingly obscure terms, 
thinking, you would never have to encounter 
them again ?Two local artists are trying to relate 
grammar to reality- the title and theme of the 
new exhibit at the Sushi Inc. gallery is "Mixed 
Metaphors." 

"Mixed Metaphors" showcases the sculptures 
and paintings of two San Diego area artists, 
Stephanie Bedwell and Rex Yuasa. Through 
their artwork, Bedwell and Yuasa try to present 
their ideas about humanity and life experiences 
metaphorically, using unique art mediums to 

express their ideas. 
Stephanie Bedwell uses untraditional mate-

rials to create her sculptures, ranging in size 
from miniatures to several feet in height. Metal , 
cement, fabric, and clay are just samples of the 
materials she uses to mold the shapes. 

Although bizarre at first, the figurines be-
come comprehensible when the artist explains 
their significance. The shapes of Bedwell's sculp-
tures are generally pointed and are composed of 
jagged edges rather than smooth lines. The 
colors used are predo~inandy black, gray, and 
white. 

According to Bedwell, the works reflect her 
view thar contemporary culture devalues crea-
tivityand spirituality. "Elements taken from the 

organic world that are expressive of defense or, by 
extension. aggression... are metaphoric of our 
attempts to protect inner essence through physi-
cal means." Bedwell explains. 

The jagged edges of her sculptures reflect how 
humanity is trying to protect itself, yet at the same 
time is denying itself the opportunity for creativ. 
ity and art. 

Bedwell's sculptures attempt to mimic thorns. 
exoskeletons, and shells, which are nature's form 
of defense or protection. To Bedwell, these shapes 
symbolize a hindrance to createive and spiritual 
growth. 

Rex Yuasa, the second artist at Sushi. Inc., is 
more concerned with expressing himself through 
texture rather than shape. Originally form Tokyo, 
Japan. Yuasa attempts to represent landscapes 
and religious themes in his own interpretation, 
which he bases on his life experiences. 

Yuasa's paintings reflect the juxtaposition of 
nature and spirituality with the materialism and 
impersonality of modem society. He usesme term 
''visualization" to express his personal process of 
using his experiences as a base from which he can 
interpret his subject. 

In his painting "Farewell," Yuasa uses acrylics, 
joint compound, and tree bark to present an 
image of a man walking away to an unknown des-
tination. Besides creating an interesting textural 
design, the combination of tree bark and joint 
compound seems to imply the struggle between 
nature and urbanization, with humanity in the 
midst of this struggle. 

All ofYuasa's presented works are composed of 
See METAPHORS, page .. 

• To orde r your seats 
call 278-TIXS. 

• For information or group sales 
call 234-5853. 

Nepal 
continued from page 2 

One of the starkest contrasts 
between rural and city life is ex-
emplified by twO photos in par-
ticular which demonstrate the 
differences in their places of wor-
ship. 

T he fi rst picture shows an or-
n ate temple with a beautifully 
dressed woman in the background , 
symbolizing the sophisticat ion of 
the city. 

The second portra ys a beautifu I 
holy forest, slightly misty, with a 
man and his two dogs. The stark 
difference between the two ways 
of life is st unning. 

The clothing of some of the 
vill age rs il lustra te western 
civil ization 's impac t on these 
people. In one photo, a young 
man was wearing a traditional 
Nepali tunic and a round, boxy 
hat with a pair of jeans, a hole in 
the knee and a pair of outdated 
tennis shoes. 

In another, two monks dressed 
in long, flowing sari-like robes 
flanked a priest who was dressed 
similarly, except for the dist inc-
tively western sweater vest under 
his robe. 

The exhibit gives one a view of 
a country that is not normally seen 
by Americans. Small and isolated 
between China and India, Nepal 
is not a tourist hotspot. 

The wall text accompanying 
the exhibit , explaining the solem-
nity of the Nepali people, says that 

the 
ocean 

blue 

they take "their moment of depic-
tion seriously and wi th reflective 
dignity." 

To those with more western 
ways of thought, it sti ll seems as if 
these people are unhappy with 
their lives. The subjects of the 
phomgraphs almost never smile. 

I t is hard to ba lance the wa 11 
text's explanat ion with the in-
grained beliefs our society has 
taught us and decide whether they 
are unhappy with their lot in life, 
or just being dignified. The ab-
sence of color in the photos adds a 
hauntingly sad quality. 

Laura Bubruski gathered a col-
lection of Nepali art ifacts, several 
of which are on display with her 
husband's photos. 

In addition toeverydayobjects, 
such as o il burning lamps, there 
areshaman's ritual drum.. and other 
ceremon ial aids. The exhibit also 
includes si lver jewelry and jewelry 
made from British coins with pic-
tures of King George on them. 

"Kevi n Bubriski: Pom ait of 
Nepal" would especia lly benefit 
students who are interested inlndia 
or China because of the close 
proxi mity to those countries . 
Making of the Modern World 
students may also fi nd it interest-
ing because it includes parts of the 
Nepali religions and shamanism. 

T he show runs through March 
I I. General admiss ion is $2.50. 

STAPP WRITBRS: 
Pllase $lOP by II_ sip 
your tIMe ea"'. We 
CII,,'t PIIY you rnrtIl you 
• tbls ... 

john 
wesley 
harding 

FRIDAY 
MARCH 2 

8PM 
UCSD PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 

UC5D 5T. $11 • G.A. $15 • ($16 DAY OF SHOW) 
TJ'CK"~64JIi7D"'" UCSD BOX OFACE • 534-4559 

Funded in part by the James S. Copley Foundation, 
the City of San Diego , and COMBO. Produced In 
cooperation with UCSD University Events. 

Presented by ucs;=:~~ Events and '! IX 



At the Old Glqbe Theatre 

'Granny' Indulges in Gluttony 
By Christina H uizar 
Senior Staff Writer 

The old woman stands center 
stage, houlders slightly hunched, 
arms held protectively in front of 
her, as if hoarding all her worldly 
possessions in her mock. She fe-
rOCiously pulls a biscuit to her 
mouth, shoving it down her throat 
in whole bites, not bothering to 
chew. This is a woman whose foot 
is caught in the prongs of con-
sumption and swelling gluttony. 

There comes a poim in each 
person's life where survival takes 
precedence over our own morals. 
How far will we go before we stop 
and ay, "Enough is enough .. . I'm 
hungry"? Pride beckons to the 
crude reality of hunger. shelter, 
and peace of mind. 

For the characters in the Old 
Globe 's current production 

"Granny," the time comes at dif-
ferent points, and sometimes does 
not come at all. 

The family of characters that 
present this sense of desperation 
are the Spadones. an average 
immigrant family lured to the new 
world by the age-old promise of 
opportunity and wealth. Soon af-
terwards, the family becomes d isil-
lu ioned and the realization hits 
that hard work and good fortune 
are not always parallel to one an-
other. Yet the Spandones are de-
termined people who e moral 
breaking point is quite high. 

Within theSpadones household 
a depression sets in. Each family 
member make individual sacrifices 
to ease the burden of harsh reality 
of poverty. There exists. however, 

, 

one character in the family whose 
breaking point never surfaces: 
NonRa, or Granny. 

For Nonna, ignorance and glut-
tony drive the wedge of hardship 
and struggling farther into the 
family. Obsessed with consump-
tion of anything. primarily food. 
Granny literally "eats the family 
out of house and home." 

In one particular scene, a box of 
chocolates are offered in her direc-
tion, a gift accompanying the re-
quest of her hand in marriage - a 
ploy by by the rest of the family to 
get rid of Granny. 

They simpl y can't maintain her 
demands. Granny, hunched over 
in her chair, revels in the choco-
late. rhythmically hitting her heel 
to the floor. like a dog wagging its 
tail, in pure ecstasy. Whole bites 
are shoved down her throat, some-
times more, crumbs falling to her 
lap. 

Granny is the ultimate symbol 
of con umption, greed and of glut-
tony. Completely self-absorbed in 
fulfilling her own desires. Granny 
is callous to everything around her 
unless it can be reaped of award. 

The play itself, written by 

Robert M. Casso, is fai rly predict-
able and void of any element of 
surprise. Almost like "The T ermi-
nator," there comes a point when 
you realize the character (Granny) 
is indestructible while the injus-
tice is continually mounting. As 
the characters die off for various 
reasons, you merely hold up your 
fingers, curl a few down and ask, 
"O.K., who's left!" 

resulting absurdity that sets off the 
humor. 

The acting itself was adequate 
at best. The actors merely spewed 
out their lines in the style to which 
we have accepted in theatre: 
melodrama. 

This over-indulgance in char-
acter did work for one such per-
son i Granny. Played by John Fleck, 
the persona projected on the stage 

As the characters die off for various 
reasons, you merely hold up your 
fingers, curl a few down and ask, 
uO.K., who's left?" 

One interesting tactic is the 
humor used to deal with a serious 
issue. The play is considerably 
funny, primarily the gestures of 
Granny and at times the exchanged 
dialogue. Playwright Cosso ex-
plains this motif in the story: 

"I'd like to be remembered as 
an author whose plays were help-
ful in understanding our reality 
and our own unreality," he ex-
plained. The result is a juxtaposi-
tion of desperate reality and the 

was enti rely convincing and en-
joyable to watch. The way he 
winced when his demands were 
not met and the tantrums thrown 
for more, more, more were bril-
liant. 

The obvious symbols each char-
~cter played became apparent as 
the p lay progressed: Granny, 
Queen Gluttoness, possessed .all 
the vices of first world countries. 
Each memberofthefamily- loyal, 
sacrificing, striving to make ends 
meet, yet never making it - repre-
sented Third world countries. 

With these ideas in mind, the 
dialogue and actions of the charac-
ters produce a lot of speculation. 

"Granny" is playing at the old 
Globe Theatre in Balboa Park 
through February 18th. 

When you start 
your career, there's 

nothing like initial success. 
Metaphors 
continued from page 2 

unique textural designs, which he 
emphasizes instead of color. 

-
-
-
-
-
-
-

- -
- -

- -
- -

- - - - -
- - - - -

-
-• 

Exciting Co-op and Summer 
opportunities exist at mM! 

IBM is recruiting co-op and summer candidates 
for openings in Programming and Engineering. 

Meet with IBM Managers 
at our Career Information Day 

Wednesday, February 14 
Price Center· Ballroom A 

lOam-4 pm 

There is no formal presentation, so feel free to 
stop by anytime during the event. Please bring 4 
copies of your data sheetlresume and transcript, 

if available. Dress is casual. 

An equal opponunily employer 

® 

In "Caesar's Palace II ," Yuasa 
uses plaster and mortar and vies 
the work a cold feeling, accentu-
ated also by the monotone colors. 
Perhaps the impersonality o f this 
society is reflected, as there is not 

The jagged 
edges of her 
sculptures 
reflect how 
humanity Is 
trying to protect 
itself, yet at the 
same time is 
denying Itself 
the opportunity 
for creativity 
and art. 

a h int of life or nature in this 
paint ing. Through hiswork, Yuasa 
attempts to convey his views of 
the limitations of modern society 
and the conflicts between society 
and n ature. 

The works of both Bedwe II and 
Yuasa delve beneath superficiality 
to question the functions and in-
teractions of nature and society. 
They represent different v iews ex-
pressed as art, and they clearly 
succeed in provoking the view to 
think about this own role in this 
society. 

This exhibit is running until 
Feb. 24, at the Sushi Inc. ga llery, 
from 12-4 pm on Fridays and Sat· 
urdays. 

Ian McCulloch 
Candleland 
Reprise/Sire Records 

O h Ian, why! That is the ques-
tion one wants to ask Ia n 
McCulloch. the former lead singer 
of Echo and the Bunnymen, about 
his new solo album, Candleland. 
McCu Iloch makes it clear that the 
magic he created ' with Echo and 
the Bunnymen , which began in 
1980, cannot be recaptured. 

Candleland has a pe rson al, 
contemplative feel, yet the a lbum 
suffers from a gaping lack of inspi-
ration. There are no striking melo-
dies or vocal arrangements, and 
the lyrics lack McCulloch's usual 
surreal, emotional craftsmansh ip. 
The instrumental arrangements 
are also predictable. 

The album does have its im-
pressive moments, such as the dark 
groove running through "In 
Bloom" and the catchy bass-voice 

refrain in "The White Hotel." 
BaSically. Candle land is just a 

rehash of McCulloch's candlelit, 
dream-like imagery, without the 
fi re and psychosis of Echo and the 
Bunnymen. 

T SOL 

By Pierre de Gaillande 
Reporte r 

Strange Love 
Enigma R ecords 

Since True Sounds of Liberty 
(TSOL) exploded on L.A.'s un-
derground scene in 1980, the band 
has undergone many changes, and 
their firs t album of the nineties 
shows that these moves were for 
the better. 

Stmnge Love combines hard 
rock. blues, and alternative styles. 
creating an album which domi-
nates from the first note to the last. 

Partially responsible for the in-
tensity is the addition of guitarist 
Marshall Rohner (from los 

Cruzados}. whose solos whip the 
band into a frightful frenzy. This 
album is what hard rock js meant 
to be. 

Although it has been over three 
years since TSOL has released an 
original album, the band has not 
missedastep. Most of the songs on 
Strange Love are great works which 
combine spontaneity and gritty 
vocals. Singer Joe Wood hasn't 
lost his touch, and TSOL's words 
come through loud and clear 
through his booming voice. 

What Strange Looe fails to do is 
to advance TSOl's sound from its 
previous efforts. Those who have 
been fans since their first album 
might complain about this lack of 
change by the band. Even with 
the addition of guitarist Rohner. 
the solos and songs have the same 
flavor. 

The use of producer JohnJansen 
(of Warrem and Faster Pussycat 
fame) might account for the lack 
of progress, but his direction might 
also have encouraged TSOl to 
develop their sound and other 
musical strengths. 

In either case, Jansen and 
TSOl shou Id be proud that Strange 
Love captures the energy which 
TSOl has on stage. 

TSOl continues to be a domi-
nating force in the underground 
hard rock scene, and Strange Love 
affirms their position. With gui-
tarist Rohner. TSOL is in the po-
sition to break into the mainstream 
and dominate the air waves. 

By Joshua Odintz 
Staff Writer 

Quincy Jones 
Back on the Block 
Q-West/Wamer Bros. 

Quincy Jones. after years of 
arranging and producing albums 
for stars such as Michael Jackson 
and James Ingram. has succeeded 
in adding to his own collection of 
recordings with his latest album, 
Back On The Block. This long-
awaited album was originally con-
ceived as a follow-up to Jones' 1981 
album. The Dude. 

In past years. Jones has been 
busy producing Michael jackson's 
hit records Off The Wall. Thriller, 
and Bad. He has also produced 
records for lena Home, Patti 
Austin. Donna Summer. and James 
Ingram within the past eight years. 

Jones' new album, Back On The 
Block, reinforces his past success. 
Although Jones is rarely heard on 
the album, his vocal arrangements, 
using both veteran singers Ella 
Fitzgerald and Ray.Charles. as well 
as 12-year-old newcomer Tevin 
Campbell. are fresh and bright. 
His album offers a refreshing di-
versity ranging from fast-moving 

dance mixes to mellow jazz selec-
tions, resulting in a sound rich in 
both light-hearted fun and sooth-
ing soul. 

Each song has its own unique 
sound. The title song "Back On 
the Block" is a rap performed by 
Ice-T and Big Daddy Kane, among 
other well-known rappers. "Wee 
B. Dooinit" is an upbeat acapella 
song to which Bobby McFerrin 
contributes. 

The second side of the album 
shifts to a more mellow mix of jazz 
performances. featuring soloists 
James Moody, Sara Vaughan, and 
Dizzy Gillespie. The album also 
offers songs with a hint of foreign 
influence, such as "Setembro." a 
romantic Brazilian wedding song. 
and "The Places You Find Love," 
which features lyrics sung in Swa-
hili. 

Duran Duran 
Decade 
Capitol Records 

By Britt Eilers 
Reporter 

In the early 1980's. there were 
only a few musical superstars. We 

See ALBUMS, page 6 

YOUR ID GETS YOU 

Just how your ID at any Body ~utiful 
Car Wash and get · 
• $1.00 Off Any Car Wash 
• 15% Off Any Auto Detailing Service 
Offer not valid \IInh other d,scounts or 
offeN. Oversized or customIZed veh,cies 
may req'Jire extra chargt 
Th,s offer .ubjectto cancellallon or 
change without nollCt' . 

DOWNTOWN 
PacifIC Highway At Hawthorn 
(619,232 8903 
MISSION VALLEY 
1·8 At M,ssion Gorge 
(619) 563·1424 
ELCNON 
EI Cajon lIoulrvarn At Marshall 
(619) 588·4099 

BODY BEAUllFUL (619) 563-5566 

UNIVERSITY EVENTS & STUDENT ACTIVITIES 

PRESENT 

UCSD WORLD MUSIC SERIES 

TraditUnuU and Ancient Music of Peru 

nea 
The Peruvian Ensemble 

Friday, February 9 
Price Center Theatre 

Students $6.00 
General Admission $8.00 

UCSD BOX OFFICE 534-6467 

--

.. . 



Albums 
Continued from page 5 
all knew about Michael Jackson, 
Madonna, and Bruce Springsteen. 

In 1986, Roger Taylor and Andy 
Taylor left the band permanently. 
With their departure, the trio of 
Simon LeBon, Nick Rhodes, and 
John Taylor attempted to carry 
on, releaSing the Notorious album. 

pleased to discover that there are 
also a number of songs from NolO· 
rious and Big Thing (such as "Skin 
Trade" and "I Don't Want Your 
Love") included on the album. 

Although a few, seemingly 
necessary songs are left off, there is 
no overlooking the outcome of 
Decade. The album isasamplingof 
the quintet's finest works. It intro· 

But Duran Duran was in an-
other category: They were THE 
Top 40 alternative to all of these 
other musical giants. Soon their 
presence was felt everywhere: 
movies, concerts, calenders, and 
posters. 

More importantly, their music 
was constantly on all the rock ra-
dio stations. Their videos gave life 
to the fledgling MTV. 

But Duran Duran seemed to 
lose that aura it once had. Their 
music became flat, repetitious, and 
boring. With last year'sdisappoint. 
ing release, Big Thing, Duran 
Duran's future seemed bleak. 

. duces many classics to the newer 
generation of Duran Duran's fans. 
At the same time, it contains the 
best of their recent pieces for those 

With the dawning of the 1990's, 
the band added a lead guitarist and 
drummer to their current line-up 
and releases a greatest hits album . 
aptly entitled Decade. 

fans who ha"e given up on the 
band. 

Nobody could put a finger on 
why they liked Duran Duran, it 
was just "something" about their 
music. 

Most of all the old favorites are 
included on Decade, from "Planet 
Earth" to "Wild Boys." Fans of the 
band's more recent sound will be 

If you are in the mood for nos· 
talgia, Decade is a winner. 

Look at mel I said, look at me 
Yeah, I may be old, and I may be doing car 
and P.psi ads to pay the rent, but I still have 
nrlHII' legs and a lot of sex appeal. 

Wanna meet a rock legend? 
Come to the Guardian which are upstairs at the 

Hiatus stoff meeting Mon· student center (NOT the 
day, Feb. 12, at6:30 p.m. some as the Price 
The meeting .is for writers, across from the Gym. For 
Interns, friends , and more information, call 
people who are hungry 534·6581 and ask for 
(FREE PIZZA). You don't Patty,leng,loro,Jennifer, 
hove to have had any ex- or Bryan. (Yes, ladies, 

perienc~ we like fresh, even the legendary Dias 
young talent. will be present, signing 

The meeting will be at autagraphs and giving out 
the Guardian offices, "favors.") 

.Copier. 
.Laser-Printer. 
cartridge Recharging 

$20.95 • 
TONERS: S5~ulc 

(Black/Color Toners ,n Bulk) 
-Video Cassettes: 579 - 599 
( lIow to Recharze. Seal. Etc.) 

COPIERS 
'Canonpc, SharpZ50lJlJ, XeroxIOI2 ..... 
LASER PRll'ITERS 
'HP, Apple. Canon. Ricoh, IBM. Etc. 

Scientific 
a lecture by Dr. Ahmad Sakr 

Reflections 
Thursday, February 8, 1990 

from the 
8 p.m. Peterson Hall 108 

By James E. Ingman 
Staff Writer 

TURK Toner Products 
(619) 744-5664 Quran Rifreshmenrs lind mllc/u provided 

Al-IENTION AlJ, STIJDENTS!! 

ESPRIT SAI,E! 
Sweaters, jeans, sweats, shorts, jackets 
and much, much more! All items are . 

600/0 to 900/0 OFF RETAIl, 
800/0 of everything is UNDER $15! 

Friday & Saturday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
Sunday from 12 p.m. to 5 p.m. 

Go 4 lights east of the 805 off Miramar Rd. to 8250 Camino Santa Fe 
Hotline: 450-3323 

6 HIATUS FFRRUARY 8 1990 

• 

The Meat Puppets Get 
MonsteloUS 

"I want to make enough money 
so that I don't have to work any-
more." 

This may not sound like the 
attitude of a ten-year veteran from 
a scruffy guitar band like the Meat 
Puppets, but drummer Derrick 
Bostrum did in fact express these 
views during a recent pre-concert 
interview. 

Bostrum, along with Kirkwood 

By Pierre de Gaillande 
Reporter 

brothers, Curt (guitar/vocals) and 
Cris (bass/vocals) make up the 
Phoenix· based band the Meat Pup-
pets. Monsters is the trio's latest 
release on SST records. While the 
work reflects an effort on the band's 
part to "stop messing around" with 
itsslick,producedfeel, it still keeps 
the' raw sound which defines the 
Meat Puppets. 

After talking with Bostrum, it 

Attention High Achievers •....•. 
. join· 

was evident that they're ready for 
the big money, MTV, and super· 
stardom. After working the post-
punk scene, the Meat Puppets are 
ready to "live life on [their) tenus, 
and it would take money to do 
that." Don't worry, they won't go 
as far as sporting spandex, ratting 
their hair. or emulating Bon Jovi. 

Although Monsters has such 
Meat Puppets signature trademarks 

(jo{den ~y 
!J.£ationaf J{onor Society 

Benefits include: 
• Scholarships 
• Career Assistance 
• Leadership Opportunities 
• Recognition 

D~LlNE:Februaryl0 

as surreal scenarios and hyper-
speed fretwork, it also has a new, 
slick ZZ Top kind of feel. 

Like all the trio's previous al-
bums, this one paints vivid pic-
tures with sound and words while 
trying to avoid being political or 
preachy. The best political advice 
Bostrum, who has been in the band 
since the ageof19, can give is, "It's 
your world, you fix it." 

The closest thing to a heavy 
sound is "Touchdown King." Bos· 
trum explains, the song isn't about 
football at all, but rather Jesus 
Christ. 

Equally memorable songs are 
the grinding ''Meltdown'' and "The 
Void." which reach almost AC/ 
OC distortion proportions. 

There is something on Mon· 
sters which isn't very familiar to 
Meat Puppets listeners: LOVE. 
That's right, there are two songs 
dealing with that four· letter word: 
"In Love" and "Strings on Your 
Heart." These two songs are also 
the ones with the most scorching 
guitar work in them. 

Monsters is an album by a band 
that wants to move on to better 
things and also sound good. The 
Meat Puppets are the last of the 
great SST bands in a class witr. the 
Replacements and Husker Du, who 
both moved on to major labels. 

Monsters just might tum things 
around for the band and enable 
them to play the big shows that 
"the really pretty girls go to." 

SPECIAL STUDENT DISCOUNT 
ADIDAS Sian Smith 
SALE $39.89 
Reg . $49.95 

NIKE Air Delta Force 
SALE $55.89 
Reg. $74.95 

Reg. $34.95 

10% OfF already 
discounted prices w,lh 

student 1.0. 
Pick up an application NOW at GHl540 or USB 1240 
or call Golden Key at 534·3172 for more information. 5590 LA JOUA BlVD. (NEXT TO THE FRENCH PASTRY) 4S9 4666 

"'MRYTHNG WE SBLIS DlSCOUNI'ED* 

IN A$SOCIA TION 
WITH WO«D IEAT 

ProDUCTIONS • 

PLUS ... 
n"A 1111 8:00 
lAS MACHAIL FRI 
.:.:i~~== .... ~S:WILILI FEB 

7 HIATUS FEBRUARY 8 10c)(\ 



··;) Jconcerts instruments, Whi pers Out of Time was al 0 written with the aid of a computer. In many of Reynold ' 
recent work ,computeralgorithms 
are used to trans£' rm musical ma-
terials. In a recent interview, Rey-
nolds explained that "an algonthm 
isane onomicalwayofgoingabout 
a complex task." 

more simple-minded forms of 
mu ical education about art i 
entirely wr ng. 

"Ju t come and try to check 
your prejudices at the door ... At 
the v ry lea t, try the be t y u can 
to follow what's happening. I think 
enjoyment or pleasure is something 
that comes with familiarity, and at 
first hearing, the ideal thing is to 
be intrigued, because if you're in-
trigued, you might like to hear it 
again, II Reynolds said. 

Fortunately, con ert-goers will 
have the chance to hear Reynold ' 
two w rks again- they will be 
recorded thi weekend for release 
later this year on a New World 
Records compact di c. ,D Symphony Whispers UCSD 

Prof's Music Student interested in taking a musical roller coaster ride tomor-
row night can do so at half-price 
($7.50). In addition to Reynolds' 
music, the Symphony will also be 
performing Bach's Brandenburg 
Concerto No.4. 

By Chri tian Hertzog 
Staff Writer Reynold suggested that new-

comers to contemporary music try 
to be open when hearing his pieces. 
"Unless you let the music have its 
own way, it's never really going to 
have an impact on you, II he said. 

Many in the University com-
munity are aware that Roger Rey-
nokis, professor of mu ic at UCSD, 
won the 1989 Pulitzer Prize in 
music for his c mposition Whis-
pers Out of Time . But how many 
peo Ie have had the chance to 
hear the work? 

\Vhispers Out of Time , previ-
ou~1 performed in Amherst , 
Ma achu etts, and London, will 
receive it We t Coa t premiere at 

p.m., Feb. 15 in the Mandeville 
C nter Auditorium. Performed by 
th '""an Diego Symphony as part 
of m Pulitzer Prize concert series, 
the oncert will feature UCSD 
fa II lty members Peter Farell, Janos 
Ne" 'esy, and Bertram Turetzky, 
wh ) will appear a oloists. 

F un Time 
O n Time 
Day Time 

N ight Time 
Good Time 
Y our Time 
Fast Time 
Any Time 

~5PffDF COIN WASH 
WE'VE GOT TIME FOR YOU! 

m·~e·F~!I 
CIOMd s..nooy. I61Id rroon .. I'"6. 

, • Size We.sh~rs, Computer Dryers 
Com., af Grand and umant 

Pacific Beach 

Roundtrip San Diego 
PIIoaIK 5 3. 
Las Vq_ 5 3. 
san Fr.ndsco 5 S' 
Honolulll 51t1 
MI •• I 533. 

Res trictions do apply I 
~rla·. ",.., .1Id IMJat 
.", ".eI OtJ""""" 

Couna1"3111 UCSD PRICE CEHTER 
(by the Post otfic~ >. 

OPEN 
24 

HOURS 
the copy center 
57-3775 

55 VHIa u Jolla Dr. 

The program will also feature 
Reynolds' Transfigured Wind II 
( 1984) for flute, orchestra, and 
four-channel tape. UCSD Profes-
sor John Fonville will play flute 
while Harvey Sollberger, a long-
time champion of Reynolds' mu-
sic, will conduct. 

Sollberger, also respected as a 
flautist specializing in twentieth-
century music, was the original 
oloist in the work's premier in 

1984. His playing was also used as 
the source material for the tape 
portion of the work. Reynolds ma-
nipulated the e sounds using a 
mainframe computer at the Cen-
ter for Music Experiment (CME) 
atUCSD. 

Comparing listening to new 
music to riding a roller coaster, 
Reynolds noted that "music can 
take us on a lot of fairly risky and 
alarming voyages at absolutely no 
personal peril. You're just sitting 
in a chair, and listening to sounds. II 

"And yet for some reason many 
people are more timid about what 
happens to them in that regard 
than they are, for example, about 
the way they drive," Reynolds 
continued. 

Although scored for acoustic 
"It suggests to me that the pic-

tures presented by advertisers and Reynolds wraps up another musical masterpiece 

ONE NUMBER DELIVERS TO MRIO SAN DIEGO: 
492·2222 

IN AREAS OTHER THAN MORO SAN DIEGO CALL: 
NORTH COUNTY AND 0CUNSIDl ENCINITAS ESCONDIDO, FAlUIOOI 'ND RAMONA 

961-9696 944-4222 432-6565 

DINE-IN OR CARRTOUT 
CM4y.-IICII .... for 
... Plill ..... rlS ..... 

...st", 
~..., .. ~_s, 

r------------------7------------------, I I I 
: gC!~: A,. S69J: ~~ur!ver's~ S899 : 
: Two Meclum V : ~;:~etllIII + S12 : 
: Cheese Pizzas SlOt? : ~'lz'::oni Lover's'· 99 : 
I ......................... 0., ..... ,.. I ........ ~ ... ........ o. ..... ,.. 11k II ,..ty,.. ............ _ .. ·voIWwiIh"" ,..,,.. .... ,.... ................ ., I _. S20 .... ii .. I~cW!. 0........ .......... I _ilia S20DodoirJo .... ~CWs 0 .. ... 

.. , ...... S2l ... ......... r--- ~:ftiii. ' 1IIf' ....... SlO .. lIIIIIIII .... , __ _ I e I". PIm ""'. Ill. OH...,..s 3/31/90 e I'" PIm ""'. Ill. OH. ..,ns 3/31"" ~ J.L-"'; I 
1/7t .... ,......... 31 1/lO .... ,.."...... 21 ...... ~-----------------_&_-----------------~ }~ 8 HIATUS FEBRUARY 8, 1990 


