
WEEKEND 
EDili : 
• OPINION 

It finally happened. After 40 years 
of Cold War and 11 months of slowly 
evolving democracy in the east, the 
two Gennanys have reunified. Just 
one year ago, nobody would have 
thought that there would be a single 
Gennany in 1990. 

But the winds of change blew 
swiftly, and before anyone knew it, 
the Berlin Wall was taken down brick 
by brick and pieces were sold at The 
BroadwayJPAGE4 

• FEATURES 
Students needing extra help in their 

classes have several options opent ot 
them. Hypedeaming, a privately run 
fmn, offers tutoring by teaching assis-
tants. Beginning with math classes, Hy- . 
pedearning has expanded its services to 
include physics, chemistry, biology, 
economics, and computer science: 

Students can also seek the aid of 00-
oroff-campus tutors, who find rewards 
in teaching and meeting a wide variety 
of people ./PAGE 7 

• SPORTS 
The UCSD men's water polo team 

returns home, after 14 straight road 
games, to play Loy~la MarymOUDt at 
7 pm. tonight at Caoyonview pool. 
The Tritons expect to extend. their 23-
game unbeaten streak against the 
Lions and break their current 14-game 
losing skid. Sunday at noon, the 
Tritons will try to avenge two earlier 
losses to tenth-ranked Cal State Los 
AngeleslPAGE 14 

~ HiATUS 
Surrealism: Dali' s skewed 

moustache and melding clocks ... 
While the Mandeville Gallery can't 
lay claim to any Dali pieces, it is 
currently displaying the works of 
over 50 contemporary Californian 
artists through Oct. 28. Hiatus 
explores the subconscious as 
imagined by artists Carolyn 
Cardenas, Paul Siogdahlsen, Shari 
Lamanet, and more.lUi 

INDEX ... 
UC News ........................... ... 2 
Opinion ........................... : .... 4 
Features ............................... 7 
Hiatus ................................ H1 
Sports ................................ 14 

Jenny Venn/Guardian 
Dealing with the campus-wide Emergency Preparedness Drill in their own 
ways, Peter Todd (bottom) and Andy Lawrance wait for the signal from house 
advisors to return to the rooms at the Muir College Residence Halls. 

Scholarship Established in 
Memory of Slain Professor 
By Mary Betty Heard 
Associate News Editor 

Third College is now receiving donations 
for a new scholarship in memory of Charles 
William Thomas, m,aUCSD professormur-
dered latelast Friday night in EI Cajon. 

The scholarship is being establi hed in 
Thomas' name because "[he] had been a 
Third College member since 1971 [and] was 
one of the founding members on the faculty," 
according to Pat Hansen, assistant to Third 
College Provost Cecil Lytle. 

Donations have already been received from 
many UCSDalumni and from others who felt 
the need to contribute to the college in the 

wake of Thomas' death, she said. According 
to Hansen, people have contacted the college, 
wanting to send flowers. 

"We tell them to send them to the church 
but also that they can end money for [the 
Thomas] scholarship in lieu of flower ," he 
said. 

Thespecificdetail of the cholarshiphave 
not yet be!!n worked out, however. 

"Provost Lytle intended to et up a com-
mittee to decide what the parameters of the 
cholarship will be," Hansen said. 

There will be a memorial service in honor 
of Thomas today at 4:00 p.m. in the Price 
Center Theater. 

Edson Taken to 
Hospital; A.S. 
Meeting Halted 
• President treated 
at Scripps, released 
By Anton Bittner 
Senior Staff Writer 

Wednesday night's A.S. council meeting 
was halted before pressing bu iness could be 
discussed when President John Edson could 
not continue the meeting due to medical 
problem . 

The meeting was officially po tponed at 
9:38 p.m. before a council caucus and a related 
vote on a resolution regarding the Recre-
ational/Intramural/ Athletic and Events Center 
(RIMAC) facilities could be held. 

Various A.S. mem bers reported that Edson 
was experiencing chest pains before he re-
tired to his office, and according to Vice 
President Administrative Ruben Duran, later 
complained of numbness on one side of his 
body. 

Edson was taken to Scripps Memorial 
Hospital by ambulance. The ho pital desk 
nurse later reported that Edson wa in stable 
condition and "looking good." 

Numerous council members reported that 
Edson was released later that evening after 
tests failed to show any problems. 

Vice President External Molly McKay, 
who was present with Edson throughout mo t 
of the episode, said she was told by paramedics 
that Edson had suffered a stress attack. 

"John has been doing the work of ten 
people," McKay said, referring to the nu-
merous meetings he has already had with 
campus administrators regarding RIMAC, 
TGs, and other issues. 

Duran also aid that the problems Edson 
experienced Wednesday night are not expected 
to hinder him in the future. 

"John has been pushing very hard for 
months ... he needs to pace him elf and his 
energies," McKay aid, indicating that he 
worked on A.S. business through the summer. 

"He hasn't taken enough time out for him-
elf," she added. 

The caucus scheduied for Wedne day's 
meeting would have allowed student input on 
theRIMAC-relatedre olution.There olution 
was passed by the council last Monday, but 
vetoed by Edson. The council hoped to revi e 
the resolution, to reflect the addition of stu-
dent view. 

McKay announced during her report that 
the caucus would cover election grievances 

See EDSON, page 9 

Middle East Discussion Prompts Student Debate 
By Sherry Lowrance 
Staff Writer 

A discussion on the Persian Gulf Crisi 
sparked heated debates between panel mem-
bers and students Wedne day night. 

The forum was sponsored by the Coalition 
for Peace in the Middle East and the Commit-
tee for World Democracy. 

The panel members were critical of the 
U.S. buildup of force in Saudi Arabia. 

"The U.S. wants to be a principle power ... 
that can impose a westernized olution on the 
problems of the Middle Ea t," aid Terry 
Christian, a trade union a tivist. 

Chri tian said that American and Euro-
pean coloniali m is re pon ible for the cri i 
in the Gulf. 

"What we're eeingemergingi a move by 
tlle indu trialized powers to look ata ituation, 
detennine what the intere ts of that bloc i , 

and to find a way to impose a solution that i 
favorable to them," he said. 

Palestinian author and lecturer Michael 
Shehedah called for the "end of all occupa-
tions" in the Middle East. 

"Let's have an international peace con-
ference where all parties will it down and 
talk,anda peaceful solution will be found," he 
aid. 

Dr. Sherna Gluck said that the "interna-
tional cOnSta,3U "i again t the Iraqi invasion 
of Kuwait but al 0 again t th American 
intervention. 

Gluck joined the other paneli t in their 
upport of an international peace conference 

and the replacement of US troop by UN 
force, but added that bringing home US troops 
immediately could be dangerou . 

See GULF, page 9 
Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 

Michael Shehedah 



2 NEWS 

NEWs:::::;a;= 
SCIENTIFIC & MEDICAL UPDATES 

UCSD Professor Receives Grant 
For Stroke Treatment Research 

Patrick Lyden, an associ.ale professorof neurosciences 
at UCSD, hasreceiveda$338,OOO grant from the National 
Institute of Health to fund a three-year community-wide 
study testing the safety and effectiveness of tissue plas-
minogen activator (tPA) in treating acute stroke. 

Lyden is one of nine stroke researchers receiving 
funding for a national collaborative trial which will enroll 
approximately 280 patients over 27 months. 

Neurologists at several area hospitals, including Scripps 
Memorial Hospital, UCSD Medical Center, and the 
Veteran's Administration Hospital in La Jolla, will par-
ticipate in the study. 

The subject of the study, IP A, is a clot-dissolving drug 
which will be given to patients within 90 minutes of the 
onset of stroke symptoms. 

Lyden explained that about 85 percent of strokes are 
caused by clots blocking the flow of blood to the brain. He 
added that many stoke expens believe that much of the 
neurological damage could be prevented or reversed by 
quickly reestablishing the flow of blood to the brain. 

Initial studies oftPA for stroke treatment have been 
done at several medical centers throughout the counoy, 
including UCSD Medical Center and Scripps Clinic. 
Early studies showed the drug was safe when adminis-
tered within three hours of stroke onset and that it may 
offer some benefitto patients. Lyden's study will focus on 
whether or not the drug induces significant improvement 
in neurological function . 

For information on the stroke intervention study or 
about stroke symptoms, call (619) 552-8585 ext. 3685. 

Various Speakers to Lecture at 
Chemistry, Physics Seminars 

The lJCSD Chemisoy and Physics departments are 
offering thefoJlowing seminars and colloquiums over the 
following week: 

• Monday at2p.m. HenrikLeutwylerofthe University 

PACIf': 
<> C E A 

San Diego 
77-75-74 

The UCSD Guardian 

of Bern will speak on "The Low Energy StructureofQCD" in 
room 4322 of Mayer Hall. 

• Monday at 2 p.m. Thomas Spiro of Princeton University 
will discuss "Resonance Raman Spectroscopy in 
MetaLloproteins" in the Santa Barbara-Los Angeles Room of 
the Price Center. 

• Monday at 4 p.m. Manfred Schlosser of Lausanne Uni-
versity will discuss "The Superbase Approach to Regio- and 
Stereoselective Calbon-Carbon Linking" in room 002 of the 
Cognitive Science BUilding. 

• Tuesday at 3:45 p.m. Wallace Broecker of Columbia 
University will discuss 'The Global Conveyor Belt: How 
Does It Work?" in room 101 of Nierenberg Hall at the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography. 

• Tuesdayat4p.m.AllanDandageoftheCamegieInstitute 
and Johns Hopkins University will discuss 'The Tolman 
Surface Brightness Test and the First Indication That the 
Expansion of the Universe Is Real" in USB 2722. 

• Tuesday at 4 p.m. Don Egler of the mM Research 
Division will discuss "100 Slowest Chemistry: Building 
Molecules One Atom at a Time with an STM" in room 2102 
of Urey Hall . 

• Wednesday at 4 p.m. Douglas Mills of lJC Irvine will 
speak on a yet-to-be-announced topic in room 4322 of Mayer 
Hall. 

• Thursday at noon Judith .Klinman of UC Berkeley will 
discuss "A New Redox Cofactor in Eukaryotic Enzymes: 
Topaquinone" in the Center for Molecular Genetics lecture 
room. 

• Thursday at 4 p.m. Steven Koonen of the California 
Institute of Technology will discuss "What Happens When 
you Squeeze a Neutron Star?" in USB 2622. 

• Fridayat4p.m.EkkehardtHahnoffechnischeUniversitat, 
Berlin, will discuss u99mTc Complexes in Medical Diagno-
sis" in room 103 of Peterson Hall. 

UC-Managed Los Alamos Lab Wins 
Seven Awards from R&D Magazine 

For the second time in three years, Los Alamos National 
Laboratory, managed by the University of California, is tbe 
top winner in the R&D magazine 100 Awards competition. 
The lab won seven awards, the most of any laboratory. 

Los Alamos Laboratory, which has won 29 R&D awards 
since] 978, has received more awards than any other labora-
tory worldwide since 1988 and has been the top Department 
of Energy winner each year. 

The magazine solicits new technology entries from gov-
ernment agencies, businesses and universities worldwide. 

Director Sig Heckor said the seven awards for 1990 are "a 

• Weather outlook: 

Early morning clouds 

Sunny 
afternoons 

Average temperature for 
sea/air is 67 degrees. 
Surf is fair in form with poor 
visibility (0-5 feet) for diving. 
Surf Period Swell 
(Ft.) (Sees.) Direction 
2-3 10 SW 

Surfing conditions: 
FAIR TO GOOD 

Friday, October 5,1990 

testament to the extraordinary quality of research and 
researchers at the lab." 

"The scientific breadth represented by the awards is 
extraordinary," he said. " I am proud of the contributions 
that our researchers continue to make to improve every 
facet of life, from protecting the security of our nation to 
improving health and human welfare." 

Industrial Applications Office Director Ron Barks 
represented Hecker at a dinner last week in Chicago 
hoooring those responsible for what the magazine called 
the "1 00 most significant technical advances of the year." 

UCSD Team Reports Discovery of 
Drug to Treat Arthritis, Tumors 

A common group of anti-inflammatory drugs has been 
shown to block the activity of two cancer genes at an early 
stage in their growth. 

The research opens the door for the development of 
safer and more effective drugs to combat arthritis and 
related connective tissue and inflammatory diseases, a 
teamofUCSD scientists reports in the current issue of the 
joumalCell. 

The findings also offer the potential for anew approach 
to treating certain tumors, according to Michael Karin, 
professor of pharmacology at the School of Medicine and 
a member ofUCSD's Center for Molecular Genetics. 

"We are not talking about rare diseases," Karin said. 
"We' re talking about cancer, arthritis, and the basis for 
anti-inflammatory action at the most fundamental level. " 

The focus of Karin's attention is a group of powerful 
hormones called glucocorticoids, medicinal versions of 
corticosteroids- such as cortisone-extracted from the 
adrenal gland 

Doctors have been reluctant to prescribe these drugs 
for long periods of time, since they can trigger sever side 
effects such a~ Cushing's syndrome. 

Karin and his team have discovered how glucocorti-
coids work on the molecular level as anti-inflammatory 
and anti-arthritic agents, which will allow the develop-
ment of more targeted drugs. 

"So far, development of anti-arthritic andanti-neoplas-
tic steroids has been done in the dark," Karin said. "Now, 
by knowing the exact mechanism that is at work, one can 
develop [a drug that is] ... exactly what doctors need." 

Co-authors of the Cell article include Hsin-Fang Yang-
Yet,Jean-ClaudeChambard,andTodSlnealofUCSD,as 
well as three scientists from the Institut de Recherches 
Cliniques de Montreal in Canada and one from the Uni-
versity of Iowa. 

GTheUCSD UARDIAN 
PHtL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, Msnag/ng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInion Editor 
LES BRUVOLO, ~ Sports Editor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Sports EdItor 
JAMES COWER, DesIgn Editor 
REBEKAH DENN, ~ News Editor 
GREG DIXON, AIJsocIIIte OpInion Editor 
BILL DOWlER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMILTON, Associate News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, AssocIIIfe News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, Assoc/ete Atts Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, AssociMe Ans Editor 
PETER KO, AoocIMe Spott5 E:dltor 
JENNFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Assoclete Copy Editor 
LENG LOtt, Alt5lEnteltMnment Editor 
MEL MARCELO, AIJsocIIIte GrBph/cs Editor 
SANGEET A MEHTA, AaociBte FealUres Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AssoclBte I'tIoto Editor 
JULIE PUZON, Features Editor 
JEFF OUAN, Gnlphlcs Editor 
JASON SNEll, News Editor 
RIMAS UZGIRIS, Photo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, AssocIIIfe Features Editor 
JENNFER YANCEY, AnslEnterfJllnment Editor 

BOB OeANDREA, Bus/n.ss Ihnag", 
MtCHAEL FOULKS, Adv",t/slng lIenlll/tJr 
MtKE MARTtNEZ, AdvtHtls/ng Design", 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CI ... lfl«J ~pr ... n,.tlv. 
_iM1g """-'": OougShaddJe 
_~Ing _ : Lmno BtIong~. DMItI CtIYi. Ilonila MaIWch. Paolo VaIadoIocI 
C~cu"U.n: Kao S wong. Jot L .. 
1IIt UCSO_. p!tiotod 1Iof'4Or" WOO1OIdIy1. hi FlodIy1 dunoVllltlCidlfTw:year Il\III1f 
1ar"_~ucso. RopIotbl .. ~"", __ io .. ,Iorm._ ._or.pon._ 
P'I....,..OtIc:ItPfOllboed C 1990 ... /9I'U .... Md. JllrUCSO_ . ",,,,,,,,,,1>Ie1or1lo 

rwtum ol l.ltKllcilld"*'~ OfM. The If1IWS l iip'HSed rl gr,.:t'o and I9*f1ltttrJ00mmtnen-
.... '*''''......-;Ir..". ..... I10 '''''''''' ~ 1IItUCSOGulniltn, II-. ~~ CoIioIrua. or .. 
_9udorU NobolO. no igl\ no_. "0" "'lIt"""". 

EdiIariaI: 534-6580, ......... Office: 534·3466, Fcuc 534·7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Friday, October 5, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

Meeting on 'Mini-Dorms' Set for Monday 
• Community takes action against housing problems 
By Kent Korzon 
Senior Staff Writer 

San Diego's Transportation and 
Land Use Committee will meet to 
discuss the issue of mini-donns in 
the UCSD area at 9 a.m. Monday. 

complaints is geography, Phegley 
said. 

"The numberof situations where 
there is a definite confl ict between 
residents and neighbors is very few 
- several dozen houses ... in an area 

lation is a "nightmare as far as en-
forcement and administration." A 
report on the SFOZ from the city 
Planning Department labeled en-
forcement of the ordinance "time-
consuming and burdensome." 

A rnini-<lonn is loosely de-
fined as a single familyoff-cam-
pus residence ho4sing more than 
three unrelated people. 

The meeting occurs as a re-
sult of community activi sm 
against mini-donns in the area. 

MINI-DORMS: First story in a 
continuing series on the University 

City/La Jolla mini-dorm issue 

A March, 1990 report 
points out that enforcement 
"requires zoning investigators 
to document the number of 
people residing in a rental 
dwelling and the number of 

Residents in college areas have 
often pointed to these mini-dorms 
as the source of parking and noise 
problems. 

Part of the reason that UCSD 
seems to have taken the flack from 
residents is that unlike other area 
colleges, lJCSD has mechanisms 
with which to deal with area-resi· 
dent complaints about students, ac-
cording to Bob Vilven, president of 
the University City Community 
Association, and a member of the 
University Community Planning 
Group (UCPG). 

Therefore, UCSD is an outlet for 
"concerned and frustrated" resi-
dents, UCSD Campus Community 
Planner Milton Phegley said 

Whetherthe mit li-donn residents 
are students who attend community 
colleges in the area, attend UCSD, 
or do not attend college at all, the 
complaints are generally directed at 
UCSD students. 

"People are bashing students," 
Vilven said 

Part of the problem with resident 

of thousands of homes. " 
The meeting is open to the pub-

lic, and will be attended by repre-
sentatives from various community 
organizations as well as Phegley. 

Phegley emphasized that while 
he will monitor the meeting, "there 
is no plan for anyone from UCSD to 
speak." 

Some residents of La Jolla and 
south University City have become 
vocal opponents of mini-donns in 
their areas in recent months. 

After an exchange of heated let-
ters in the University City Light 
newspaper, the UCPG formed a 
subcommittee to investigate the 
rnini-donn issueduringitsJune 1990 
meeting. 

The subcommittee met over the 
course of eight weeks, and discussed 
many issues related to mini-dorms. 

Some residents favored legisla-
tion similar to the Single Family 
Overlay Zone (SFOZ) adopted in 
1987 for the San Diego State Uni-
versity area as a solution to their 
problems. 

According to Phegly, such legis-

Financing 
Your Education. 
CanBeA 
Balancing Act. .. 
Talk To Us 
About A 
Student Loan! 

• Fast • Local 
We dare other lenders to beat LIS! 
If you need specia l help, we 
aren 't a vague voice in New York 
or Sacramento. We're here and 
we help. 
FREE CREDIT UNION 
MEMBERSHIP! 
We waive YOUT- membership fee 
and you enjoy outstanding finan-
cial selv ices from any of 22 
countywide branch locations. 

Call us for more info about 

Stafford, SLS, or PLUS 
546-2063 

or ask your Financial Aid Departrnt!nt 

L~ 
Mission Federal Credit Union 

stAVING!HE EDUCAIIONAl COMMUNITy 

"The Student Loan Store" 

automobiles used by the occupants. " 
Because of a lack of resident and 

property owner cooperation, thecity 
has found the SFOZ nearly unen· 
forceable. 

As the dialogue developed dur-
ing the meetings, the UCPG ad· 
vanced a conciliatory approach. 

"Some people want ordinances, 
but the key thing is ... to introduce 
communication," Vilven said. 

To this end, UCSD Commuter 
Services has created a phone line for 
annoyed residents to call and "com-
plain about specific students," ac-
cording to Phegley. 

The Commuter Services line has 
n~unitive authority over students 
about whom it receives complaints, 
but is there to "counsel and mediate 
and attempt to resolve the situa-
tion," Phegley said. 

Phegley stressed that "the ability 
for students to live in the commu-
nity is a valuable resource" to 
[UCSD)." 

The open meeting will be held 
on the twelfth floor of 202 C Street, 
downtown San Diego. 

\ 1\ ...... ", I \,.,-h:r.ll , ... 1 ,,·0 '\lIllIu" • r",ln IInllll \ \\ h,\" t. h .... ~ 1'\\'\lllll ...... h .. ,n Il 1I1.11.IIIUm"nll' III '"' 1>I""~" ('I II 1I11\ 
It II 11'1111\' Ill.In, t lll.II1l', , ..... lIUI'\ W.II ...... 1""nll ~ \ . Indlllo M'" ,Ilk I .... .,.. IU ,-" ~tlh~, I tu tll.,n).!,-

\/1 ~ .. m .. 'out""", hlln.,h! 'ppr"\ ,11 

NEWS 3 

LIGHTS & SIRENS 
From the UCSD Police Department Log 

September 28: 
6:30 a.m.: An officer's report was filed concerning the removal of a 
transient from campus at Argo Hall. 
4:25 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a 1990 Nissan Pathfinder 
from a campus parking lot. 
6:30 p.m.: A 20 year-old non-student was arrested at Urey Hall for 
outstanding warrants. The suspect was cited and released. 
7:15p.m.: A staff member reported the theft of a 1982 Toyota Tercel 
from a campus parking lot. Loss: $2,500. 
11:30 p.m.: A student was transported from a campus parking lot to 
Scripps Memorial Hospital after receiving minor injuries to the face 
and a cut on the right leg during a fight. 

September 29: 
4:45 p.m.: A student reported receiving annoying calls at Tenaya hall. 
5:55 p.m.: The Carlsbad Police Department recovered a 1982 Toyota 
stolen from UCSD. 

September 30: 
5:04 p.m.: A student suffered injury to the mouth while playing pool 
at Muir. The student was taken to SCripps Memorial Hospital by a 
police vehicle. 

October 1: 
4:05 a.m .: UCSD Police recovered a stolen vehicle, a 1972 Toyota, 
at the 2900 block of Torrey Pines Scenic Dr. The vehicle was 
impounded. 
10:30 am.: A student fell off a bicycle on Matthews Lane and 
suffered minor injuries. The student was taken to Scripps Memorial 
Hospital by paramedics. 
12:20 p.m.: A 1988 GMC , a UC vehicle collided with a 1988 Chevy 
on the Revelle access road. 

October 3: 
1 :17 am.: Officers responded to an alann at the IRPS Library, but the 
building was checked and secure. A custodian had accidently set off 
theaJann. 
1:03 p."'. : A 1987 Mercedes and a 1990 Wrangler Jeep collided ina 
campus pcuking lot. - Complied by Kent Korzon 

~ 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN. Edi tor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEA • Managing Editor 
JASON SNELL. News Editor 
BE BOYCHUK. Opinion Editor 

TIte UCSD Guardlall is publamed three rimes . \.,eel: 111M Un iversity of Cahfomia, San Diego. 
Contents e l990 Vie"'sex~ herein represent the majority VOle oftht: editorial board, and ~ not 

nece~ty those of the UC Board of RegenlS. the: ASUCSD. nor the enti~ GwardJan staff. 

GERMAN REUNIFICATION 

New Era, New Questions 
It finally happened. Afrer40yearsofCoId War and 11 months 

of slowly evolving democracy in the east, the two Gennanys have 
finally reunified. Just one year ago, nobody would have thought 
that there would be a single Germany in 1990. But the winds of 
change blew swiftly, and before anyone knew it. the Berlin Wall 
was laken down brick by brick and pieces were sold at The 
Broadway. 

On Wednesday, months of diplomacy became reality. A new, 
most assuredly positive era for Germany - and the re t of 
Europe- is emerging. But a reunified Germany is not necessarily 
a problem-free Germany. The new Germany still faces a number 
of obstacles to overcome before it can truly assert itself as a 
power. 

First and foremost , this new Germany must contend with an 
instant population increase of roughly 16.4 million people, or 
about 25 percent. After 40 years of Soviet domination, former 
East Germans will suddenly fmd themselves thrust into a totally 
different system of government and all of the responsibilities that 
go with it. East Germans have thirsled for freedom for years. Now 
thaI they have it, how will they react? Thei r standard ofliving may 
increase, but so will their expenses. 

Economics are likely to be the new German government's 
chief concern over the next few years. Reunification increased 
Germany's economic power by 10 percent, bur the government 
was also forced to assume the task of resuscitating the stagnant 
industry inherited from the east. Given time, however, Germany 
will become the foremost economic power in Europe - and 
perhaps the world. 

West Germany had the advantage of having an al ready strong 
economy. The decision to reunify the two Germanys economi-
cally months before Wednesday's milestone - making the 
already strong West German Deutchemark the standard currency 
of the new nation- was probably a wise one. In doing so, the new 
government was given a head start on the road to a peedy 
economic recovery. 

The question will then become: How can Germany exist as an 
economic superpower without dwarfing or alienating the rest of 
the European economic cornmunity? Will fanatical nalionalism 
rise yet again? Does the tempIation to establish a dominant 
Germany still linger in the minds of Germans? Sadly, only time 
and circumstance will be able to answer that question. Now that 
the United States, Britain. France. and the USSR no longer have 
a controlling interest in the opemtion of Germany, those nations 
must remain both watchful and encouraging of LI-Je new state. 

While NATO still exists, and most of Europe remains stable 
and democratic, the likelihood of the rise of some sort of Fourth 
Reich is highly unlikely. Rather, the world-especially the U.S. 
- must prepare itself for the rise of an economic power rivaling 
that of Japan . Given a fewyears,lhis united Germany will be just 
that. 

TRAGEDY 

Thomas Will Be Missed 
An incredibly special man died last Friday. Charles William 

Thomas IT was stabbed to death in EI Cajon last week, a victim of 
a senseless and violent death. 

TIte great tragedy of Thomas ' death is what he leaves behind. 
Thomas was loved by his students and colleagues alike. Unlike 
most professors, who appear to their students as merely lecturers, 
Thomas cared about his students, and they cared about him. 
Thomas was both a teacher and an advisor. Moreover, to many he 
was - as one student put it -a "mentor and a father figure." Such 
men are rare in academia. Some have often referred to Thomas as 
the "Father of Black Psychology." He was one-in-a-million, im-
possible to replace. 

Last Wednesday, 'Thomas' srudentS spokeoul in his memeory 
-a gesture rarely offered, 001 clearly heartfelL The consensus was 
dear: Thomas was an inspiration, influential in the acadeJnic and 
personal )jvesofhundredsofstudentsofevery race, color and creed. 

He will be sorely misM:d. 

The UCSD Guardian Friday, O ctober 5, 1990 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

Discussion,' Not Dictation 
• At a university populated with diverse and 
unusual people, ideas can often conflict 
By Chris Chow, Contributing Opinion Writer 

As ~ freshman aOO self-«dained champion of 
rationality I was dumbfounded to learn, halfway 
through the yalI', that my roommate was a born-again 
Christian ard believed the Bible word for word. 

Religion, aside from !he mandatory once-every-
sixth-days cbapeI in school, never touched my world 
and I had conveniently created a nice comfocable 
stereotype of the deeply faithful. I thought that these 
"religious radicals" could be found only in churches 
complete with salellile hook-up and in the naral deep 
south. 

It never occurred to me that people of this particular 
faith would attend an institution of higher learning (one 
not explicitly devoted to Quistianity at any rate) and I 
had certainly not expeaed to room with someone 
holding these types of beliefs. 

At first I couldn't emotionally or intellectually deal 
with his faith. I tried to show him, "the error of his 
ways." As often as was possible, r picked intellecroal 
fights and debaIed him to !he point of frustration. 

Everyone getS hit up to go to Bible srudy ar some 
point dwing their years at UCSD. People corne up to 
me all over the place and their pitches often vary. 

Some approaches are casual.: "Hi, would you like to 
come to Bible study?" 

Some approaches are irritating: "Have you accepted 
Jesus Christ? No? Well, there is just no other way, my 
friend." And here we are in the middle ofReveUe 
Plaza! 

Last year, a friend of mine feU prey to a group of 
junior missiooaries gone bad. My frieOO, being fairly 
devout himself, was recruited and went to a Bible study 
session. After deciding not to attend another, a smaIJ 
circle of the group hounded and barassed him to come 
again. They told him that God wanted him to go to 
these meetings and would punish him if be didn't go. 

The ~ my friend felt was not like the pRiSSIlre 
one feds befa:e an exam. h was strain of a spiritual 
naJUre; the strain was significant since !he oonse-
quences were pocentially dire. These people would call 
him almost nigt.ly to try to get him to go to functions. 
On Sunday mornings 1hey would also call, at about 
~ven or eight o'clock, to see if he needed a ride to 
church. 

My friend tried to avoid these people by having his 
calls screened and telling people he would not be in San 
Diego over the weekend. TItey would just llOl leave 
him alone. 

He told them again and again that he was not 
interested and be told other people to tell them he 

wasn '[ ioterested. 
1bere was no escape, however. As he walked to 

class he would be accosted. One of these people went 
so fur as 10 telephone him at home over spring break. 
After about a month and a half, they finally ceased 
their seemingly endless badgering. 

By now, some of you have probably concluded that 
I'm some kind of rabid atheist inlent on ~mearing 
Christianity as a whole. 

Ths article is not about theology, it is about 
tolet3OCC and respect for the ideas of others. 

As a freshman, I could not (ar least for a while) 
tolerate my roommate's ideas any more than the 

"It never occurred to me that 
people of this particular faith would 
attend an institution of higher learn-
ing ... and I had certainly not ex-
pected to room with someone hold-
ing these types of beliefs. At first I 
couldn't emotionally or intellectu-
ally deal with his faith. As often as 
was possible, I picked intellectual 
fights and debated him to the point 
of frustration." 

Christian pressure group could tolerate my friend's. I 
have largely overcome my prejudices (on this specific 
issue ar least) and get along very well with my former 
roommate. I respect his ideas, even thougb I don't 
agree with them, aOO respect bim as a person. 

Unlike the people who hounded my friend. my ex-
roommate never imposed his values upon me. Indeed, 
as I said. it wasn't IJIlIil halfway through my first year 
that lleamed of his religiotti convictions. 

The criticism here is not, by any means, directed at 
Bible study groups as a whole. When I attended a 
Bible discussion with my ex-roommale, ] was not 
pressured or harassed because of my differing views. 
In fact, I was made to feel very comfonable. What I 
object to are high-pressure methods, used by certain 
oon-university approved groups, that invade the 
pri vacy of indi viduals. 

What I call for is respect for the right of individuals 
to hold their own beliefs; for the discussion mther than 
the dictation of ideas. 

Friday, October 5, 1990 

RIMAC Costs Too Much 
Editor: 

The editorial of Monday, Oct. 1 on RIMAC opens with the state-
ment "Everyone agrees we need the facility - desperately" and then 
goes on to point out the irregularities of the election, but to recommend 
that students approve RIMAC again in a fair election. 

You 're missing half the point. 
One way the Administration shoves thjngs down our throats is by 

fixing elections, as in the cases of RIMAC and the Price Center. 
But another way is by convincing us that the only solution is their 

solution. It may be that "everyone agrees we need more sports facilities 
"-I'll leave that question aside - but that does not mean "everyone 
agrees we need RIMAC." 

RIMAC is an enormously expensive project designed by the 
Administration and a few hand-picked, token students, with no real 
input from the student body. 

Before we vote on it, we must consider alternative proposals that 
would also meet our needs, but which might be much cheaper (and 
therefore less glamorous in the eyes of the Administration). 

If a real student decision-making process concludes that anything 
else won't do, then I'm all for it. 

Stephen Bloch 

REGENTs' BEACH 
" 

• 0,. \ '.', 

~\SCO""e 
V ~~ 

• October 7 I 1990 
2:30 p.m. 

WHAT IT IS AND WHAT IT ISN'T: 
An informative lecture on 
Christian Science 

Bruce Fitzw~ter, C.S.B. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Your LeHer Should Have 
Been Here. 

(Member of the Christian Science Board of Lectureship) 

The Price Center Theater 
UCSD 

Sponsored johttly by the Clwistiun Science Orga'nization 
at UCSD and FOUl,th ChUl·ch of Clwist, Scientist, San Diego, 

OPIN ION 5 

DoWeOrfend 
You? 
Let Us Know! 
n. UCSD GIIIInl-

ill" wdcomes your 
1etra'S and COIDIDal-
taries. Drop your let-
tel' at the Gurtl;"n 
offices (on the second 
floor of the old Stu-
dentCe.ntcr,abovethc 
GeDcraI Store) or mail 
it to: 

Opinion Editor 
GIIIInl;"" 

B-016, UCSD 
LaJoUa,CA 

92093 
I.etIa's should be 

typcd,double-spaccd, 
and should indude a 
signature and a phone 
number. Unsigned 
letters will not be 
printed. We reserve 
the right to edit for 
length and clarity. 



6 The UCSD Guardian Friday, October 5, 1990 

SIMPLE SOLUTIONS AT THE 
BOOKSTORE COMPUTER CENTER 

rli;' HEWLETT 
~~ PACKARD 

FliOW HEWLETT 
~~ PACKARD 
HP 225 Sc ientific Calculator 

" 

'.; 
, .. ' ~ 

'.. .: 
. ' ... " .' 

HP 198 Business Calculator 

• Macintosh 

~"trN I data ~ systems 
THE OUALITY GOES IN BEFORE THE NAME GOES ON" 

HP 285 Scientific Calculator 

534-4291 Computer Center 
534-4320 Electronics 

==.==~ 
- ----
---
- - ---
- -----
-------_.-

HP 205 Scier 'i fic Calculator 

CASID. 
Cosio FX-800OG 

El 
i9 s S CDC:::! IE) 
DGlIZl6G:i'G 

~~22JcirciJ Q~~Dbc>O 
... - .. !iJl-QII!!I .... 
... "' .. 
•••• iII 

• II Ld I 

FEATURES 
Friday, October 5, 1990 The UCSD Guardian __ ~~ ____ ~ ________________________ ~~~~~~~ __________________________ -2FEATUBES 7 

FFOG 
Encircles 
Price 
Center 
By Julie Puzon 
F6Stures Editor 

For tbe last 10 years, it 
was a gathering of organiza-
tions across the plush green 
grass of Urey lawn. It was a 
mingling of different people 
with different interests try-
ing to find other people with 
their same interests, all in a 
lax atmosphere of nature's 
carpel. It was Fall Festival 
on the Green. 

This year, although the 
general purpose is the same, 
fFOG will have a different 
(Wist - it will be a fall fes-
tival on concrete. 

Due to the construction 
around Urey Hall, today's 
fFOG will be held at the 
Price Center. From 10 a.m. 
to 2 p.m., student organiza-
tions will have information 
bootbsset up for anyone who 
is interested in joining or 
just learning about any or-
ganizations. 

"[FFOG is] a showcase 
of student organizations [in 
order) to let students know 
what they do," said Linda 
Sargent, administrative as-
sistant with the University 
Events and Student Activi-
ties board. " .. .It· s a great 
opportunity for anyone who 
wants to join a club to come 
out and [see what] the dif-
ferent clubs do." 

.. Its main purpo&e is in-
fonnationaJ," said Marcia 
Strong, student organization 
advisor. 

Strong also mentioned 
that, up until five years ago, 
what we know as fFOG to-
day was two separale events, 
both taking place on Urey 
Lawn. FFOO was organi1.ed 
by Campus RecreaUOD and 
the other event was called 
the ''Bizarre Bazaar," which 
also showcased 0I'Janiza.. 
tIoos. Each was held on a 
..... -durios tbeyear. 

Now FFOG is a yearly 
event orpnized by a com-
mittee comprised of student 
orla.-lzation advisor. 
Sargent.Stron&,UndaStaIt, 
Paul DeWine, Randy 
Woodard, and Laurel Dean. 

"It's theonly one we have 
all year, so it's the best op-
portunity [to learn about the 
different organizations]," 
according to Sargent 

In addition to perusing 
infonnation booths, those 
attending can watch demon-
strations and perfonnances 
by several organizations. 

See FFOG, page 8 

"The Thinker" 

I 

• 
--: ::;:, ~"i~ ~: 

.;i' 

• Tutors teach to teach, 
teachtolearn,an~learntoteach 
By 080 Le 
Guardian Reporter 

The question from the Computer Science and Engineering 64 
assignment asked, "Use the Romberg Algorithm to derive the 
Simpson's Rule ." 

Huh? Use the what to derive the what rule? 
O~ yea~. The Simpson 's Rule .. . uh, that probably has nothing to 

do WIth a httle yellow guy with bugged out eyes, would it? 
No, in this case it was a question that Sandeep Singh had to know 

as a CSE/Electical Engineering and Computer Science tutor at UCSD. 
Most students at UCSD never imagined they would be needing the 

help of a tutor ( they had probably been the ones doing the tutoring in 
the past), but then most students never imagined being happy wi th a 
C grade. 

Leo (last narne witheld by request) said, " I think most people 
thought that if you had to go to a tutor, you were probably real stupid 
and that all tutors would be condescending." 

But that image is quickly dispelled by the tutors on and off 
campus. 

Sandeep Singh has spent a quarter tutoring CSE and EECS 
courses. He explains his reason for becoming a tutor was because it 
gave him a chance to "share my knowledge as well as retain it [by 
getting constant practice working on CSE/EECS assignments)." 

Claudia Mendias, a former Spanish Literature and English as a 
Second Language (ESL) said, "I wanted to help others. Tutoring has 
given me a chance to meet people that range from first-year students 
to graduate students." 

She added that the students who come in are not just "freshmen or 
' thinking people' . Sometimes there are people wbo are desperate for 
help but also those who just need a little extra tutoring to maintain 
good grades." 

Joyce Ho, who had also tutored Spanish Lit and ESL, said, "the 
tutors are aware of other people' s feelings [being students them-
selves} ." 

Since most tutors at UCSD are full time students as well, they find 
tutoring is an excellent job with few setbacks. Tutoring provides 
opportunities to meet diversified groups of people and helps them 
become better in their areas of expertise. 

Mendias found that tutoring "pushed [her} to learn other languages 
to better help other students." Through tutoring. she has formed many 
new friendships from a wide group of people. 

Singh agreed and said that tutoring bas "helped me strengthen my 

Todd Bennett Rima UzglrtliGuardian 

understanding of 
the material [that 
I used to be 
studying}. " 

He added that 
"tutoring also 
requires a bit of 
creativity 
because you need 
to try different 
ways of explain-
ing things to fit 
the person's way 
of comprehend-
ing the problem." 

But the tutors 
admit there can 
be setbacks to 
tutoring. 

See TUTORS, 
page 8 

No Longer 
Sits Alone 

• "Hyperlearning" helps 
students make the grade 

By Michelle Brice 
Guardian Reporter 

Are you overwhelmed by organic chemistry? 
Do you have more questions about your 

calculus homework that can possibl y be 
answered in a one-hour personal 

section? Are you worried that a 
low grade in genetics will 

keep you out of medical 
school? 
If the answer to any of 

these questions is "yes!" then 
Hyperleaming, a private tutorial serv ice fo r UCSD students, might 
be for you. 

Hyperleaming is the brainchild of Steven Leduc, an MIT 
graduate who received a master's degree in mathematics from 
UCSD, and John Smart, who came to UCSD to study biology after 
receiving his business degree from UC Berkeley. 

The other two partners are Todd Bennett and Sandra Russell. 
Bennett won a UCSD outstanding TA award. He did his graduate 
work at UC Berkeley in chemistry. Russell is an undergraduate 
senior at UCSD 
studying bio-
chemistry. 

Hyperleaming 
offered its first 
classes Winter 
Quarter, 1989. 
Leduc, who had 
been a T.A. for 
Math 2A through 
2F during his 
years as a 
grad Jate student, 
taught math 
classes, the only 
type of class 
offered during 
Hyperlearning ' s 
first quarter. 

Hyperleaming 
had 91 students 
in its first quarter, 
recruited from 
Leduc's fonner 
students as well 
as through 

-

advertiSing featuring his C.A.P.E. (Course and Professor Evalua-
tions) reviews. 

As of Spring Quarter, t 990, course offerings had been expanded 
to include physics, chemistry, biology, economics, and computer 
science. Enrollment last spring was nearly 300 students. 

Leduc, Smart, and Russell attribute their success to their 
teaching skills and highly motivated students. Students enrolled in 
Hyperlearning classes receive four hours per week of instruction in 
classes of up to 24 students. The classes are closely tied to their 

. class syllabi and are an intensive review of what is covered in class. 
Smart, a former OASIS tutor, likens Hyperleaming to having a 

private coach. 
. ~e said, "OASIS is an excellent system for drop-in tutoring," but 
It differs from Hyperleaming ' s approach in that Hyperleaming tries 
"to provide motivation for the entire quarter, from start to finish," 
and not just when sutdents encounter problems, 

It costs $150 per class per quarter to enroll in Hyperleaming. 
The fee is reduced to $125 for students on financial aid. Smart and 
Leduc pointed out that this is for forty hours of instruction a 
quarter, and "works out to $3.75 an hour, compared to $10 to $ 14 
an hour to hire a private tutor." 

Smart stated that though there was some resistance at firs t from 
profes ors to Hyperlearning, the overall response has been excellent 

See HYPERLEARNING, page 8 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Friday, October 5, 1990 

Q & A: What is the strangest way you've studied? TUTORS 
Continued from page 7 

Jay Campbell 
Fifth College, Sophomore 
Undeclared 

"On the toilet because I can 
focus more - it's quiet, in 
seclusion. Ten minutes of 
intense studying." 

Mark Paskowltz 
Fifth College, Sophomore 

Applied Mechanics/Economics 

"[I ] fall asleep with the book 
- right there - and try to let 

it soak in." 

Orren TanE -e 
Third College, Sophomore 
Music/Economics 

"Studied? I haven't tried that 
yet." 

HYPERLEARNING 
Continued trom page 7 
and one of the ways in which 
HyperJeaming instructors are re-
cruited is through recommenda-
tions by professors. They also rely 
on C.A.P.E. as a ouree of new 
teachers. 

All four Hyperlearning partners 
said that they see the endea vor as a 

long term career, though each is 
also interested in continuing their 
education. 

According to Smart one of the 
best parts of being involved in 
Hyperleaming is "being in such 
close contact with students who 
arestriving so hard forexceUence." 

Savor the 
shopping at 

CostaVerde 
Center 

and lunch 
is on us! 

Cindy Yen 
Warren College, Freshman 
Pre-Communication r" #1 

., ~f 4k~ ~ 
-,,~ 

"I studied in the bathtub 
during finals - my only free 
time." 

• 

Heidi Sage 
Muir College, Freshman 

Undeclared 

"While at a Padres game 
because there 's nothing better 

to do." 

Photographs and interviews by Dan McDowell 

F FOG Continued from page 7 
These include a Pep Band perfor-
mance, a Martial Ans demonstra-
tion , and ajousting demonstration 
by the Society for Creati ve 
Anachronism. There will be an 
"open microphone" from noon to 
I p.m. 

Over 115 organizations will 
participate in FFOG this year. 

And what of the new location? 
"[It 's] just a matter of seman-

tics. I don' t think it' ll make any 
difference [in the auraofFFOG] at 
all," Sargent said. 

And as for next year, the loca-
tion still remains a mystery . Strong 
said it would depend on what fa-
cility was available. 

"There are people who come 
in who expect me to do the work 
for them, but I try to get them to 
work on it together. Sometimes it 
is disappointing to know that they 
haven't really learned the material 
and were only trying to get the 
grades," Mendias noted. 

Matt (last name witheld upon 
request), a former math tutor said, 
"It's important you really know 
the stuff, but sometimes you know 
it too well and it can be boring 
explaining it over and over again. 
You need a lot of patience." 

But Singh points out, " that 
comes with any job. In this case it 
becomes challenging to get the 
student to understand." 

Most tutors such as the those 
who teach at UCSD's OASIS pro-
gram are required to take the 
Teacher Education Program before 
they are allowed to tutor. This is 
beneficial because the tutors are 
not only knowledgeable in their 
respective subjects areas, bUI are 
also qualified to teach it. 

As Joyce Ho state , "People 
should really take advantage of 
[tutors] - they are hard working, 
cari ng people." 

ERRATUM 
in the Sept. 28 issue of 
The Guardian, it was 
incorrectly stated that that 
16 bicycles were stolen in 
1989. The correct number 
is 161. The Guardian 
regrets the error. 

- COSTA VERDE 
...... enue and La lolla 

"Ow comer o{~ •. _ft,l"" call 458-9Z70. Drive. fot mronuau ..... 

FRIDAY 
ISO & The Bobs 
At Mandeville 
i7r Kick back with some 

~ mellow a cape/Ia song 
and dance when ISO and the 
Bobs perfonn at Mandeville 
Center stage at 8 p.m. Their 
unique style of modem 
dance cQmbined with a 
capella singing is a perfor-
mance not to be miSsed. 
Tickets are $18 general, $15 
for seniors, and $13 for 
students. 

Mrican Music 
~Enjoy live African 
~ music at the CM Cafe 
with Bongo Man and Dr. 
Large Brain, beginning at 9 
p.rn. Admission is free, and 
the event is sponsored by 
the Rhythm Collective and 
ASUCSD. 

Local Bands 
(d See four of the best 

~ local bands for abso-
lutely free at the Triton Pub! 
Daddy Long Leggs, Holy 
Love Snakes, Sub Society, 
and Fudge House Trunk 
Baby will all be perfonning, 
starting at 8 p.m. H you've 
never seen these bands, 
come check it out! 

'Madame Rosa' 
(dThe Committee for . 

~ World Democracy is 
sponsoring Academy Award 
winning ftlm (Best Foreign 
Film, 1977) about an 
Auschwitz survivor. The 
film is free, and is being 
shown at 7 p.rn. in Faustina 
Solis Hall (fonnedy TLH 
107). 

By Caitlin Woodthorpe, Guardian Reporter 
Mention the words "surrealist art" to 

most people, and you'11 probably get one 
of two reactions: either, they look puzzled 
and don't really know what you are talk-
ing about; or, they laugh and say, "Oh 
yeah, those are the weird pictures that take 
some guy 1 0 minutes to do and then sell to 
some sucker for millions." It's a fonn of 
expression ridiculed by some as "meaning 
nothing" or "being irrelevant" in the mod-
ern world. Such cynics (if we have any at 
UCSD) would be well advised to visit the 
new exhibition "Echoes Page H3 

Cover etching "The Kiss· by Barney Reid 

Fr rday October S 1990 HI 



DesP.8f'Clle Hours I Come In Peace 
Death Warrant Narrow Margin 
Texasville Marked For Death 

University Town Center 452-n66 

Des~rate Hours Texasville 
GoOdfelias Marked For Death 

Postcards From the Edge 
Funny About Love 

La Jolla Village 453-7831 
Fantasia 
Pacific Heights 

State of Grace 
Ghost 

283-5909 
91X Presents the XXII International 

Tournee of Animation. 
Nightly: 5:00, 7:30, 9 :45; 

Sat. & Sun. Matinees: 12:00,2:30 
tov,~rv Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

Horror Picture Show 

INTHENEW~ 
It's hard to imagine conditions under which the 

Indigo Girls and Public Enemy would be playing 
on the same bill , but Ian Astbury of the Cult has 
gotten these two bands and 10 others to play at 
the "Gathering of the Tribes" concert this Sunday 
at the Pacific Amphitheater in Costa Mesa. 
Astbury created the "Gathering of the Tribes" 
concert because he felt ''we must embrace the 
need to wake up to issues, both environmental 
and social. We hope through this event to spark 
a catalyst for a greater awareness and universal 
'gathering of the tribes .... 

In addition to Public Enemy and the Indigo 
Girls the bill will include: Charlatans UK, The 
Cramps, Ice T, Iggy Pop, The London Quireboys, 
Michelle Shocked, The Mission, Queen Latifah 
and Soundgarden. The event begins at 1 :00 
p.m . and runs until 11 :00 p.m. 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dennatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

m.onthly visits for evaluation. 
Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
If interested, call 534 ..... 955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534-6847. 

The UCSD Guardian Friday, October 5, 1990 

'Lovely Sunday' for Tennessee Williams 
• San Diego Repertory presents a rare production 
By Richard Crepeau 
Guardian Reporter 

If one enjoy watching another 
waiting in vain for something that 
will never happen, then perhaps 
"A Lovely Sunday for Creve 
Coeur' is the play to see. 

This Tennessee Williams play, 
produced by the San Diego Reper-
tory Theater at the Lyceum Stage, 
appears to bea variation on a theme 
ofisolationanddi appointment that 
runs through mo t of Williams' 
works. Written in the late 1970's, 
this rarely produced play has been 
criticized as existing in the shad-
owsofWilliams' earlier, 
more famous plays. 
In many ways the 
criticism is 
justified, yet 
the Rep 
overcomes 

this stigma 
and pro-
duces a play 
wonh seeing. 

ing the late 1930's. The play opens Lakc. She is also sharing hersuspi-
with Dorothea waiting for a phone cions about the intentions of the 
call from the principal of the chool high chool principal who prom-
where she teaches; it isaphonecall ised to call that morning. 
that Dorothea is convinced will Helena Brookmire 
re cue her from a lonely ( R 0 sin a 
future. Needless to Wid dow son -
say, the gentleman Reynolds) then 
caller never comes . ves at the 
through. house. She is a 

" Bod e y " fellow teacher 
Bod e n h a fer of Dorothea 's 
(Diana Castle) , who desper-
Dorothea's earthy ately needs 
German roommate, is Dorothea's help 
al 0 determined to pre- as a future room-

vent Dorothea from mate. She wishes 
experiencing a Diana Castle as Bodey to"help"Dorothea 

lonely future. (not to mention 
Castle's performance herself) live beyond the means of 

provides the comic an ordinary schoolteacher. Helena 
reliefas she relent- also comes with some terrible news 
lessly tries to about the principal of the school. 
match Dorothea The tension resulting from the in-
with Bodey's twin teraction between Bodey and Hel-

brother, Buddy , ena, fighting for what they per-
whoisalwayspresent ceive to be Dorothea's best inter-

but never on stage. On est, provides the most powerful 
the day the play takes and engaging moments of the play. 

Dorothea 
(Darla Cash) is a 
schoolteacher 
fast approach-

Darla Cash as Dorothea place, Bodey tries talk- Rounding out the cast is Sophie 
ing Dorothea into a pic- Gluck (Kim Porter) , a grief-

ing spinsterhood in St. Louis dur- nic with Buddy at Creve Coeur See SUNDA Y, page 6 

Wake Up For A Beautiful Ballet 
By Marie Pasternak 
Staff Writer 

On Oct. 2nd and 3rd the San Francisco Ballet 
Company graced our city with their performance 
of Tchaikovsky's "The Sleeping Beauty." A 
centennial production celebrating the ballet's 
1890 Russian premiere, the productioa' s colorful 
costumes and breathtaking settings ake 
feel as if you have entered the page .,f a 
book. 

To give San Diegans a good dose 
class ballet, the San Francisco Ballet Col1lliillJ,r 
will be performing a different producti 
Friday and Saturday, October 5th and 6th. 
repertoire will feature three pieces, the .......... 
which, "Rodin," will attempt to re¥ell .... 
secret lives" of the famous scu lptor' s e·XJ!I .. ne 
statues. With music by Claude Debussy ~ 
Alban Berg and the creative influence of Rod hit. 
wife, the short ballet should prove to be very 
interesting. 

The second piece, "Tagore", tells the story 0' 
seven poems by Indian poet and philosopher 
Rabindranath Tagore. This will be a premier for 
not only both the San Francisco Ballet Company 
but the United States as well. 

The fmal piece titled "Handel - a Celebra-
tion" is comprised of ten dance movements 
choreographed to Handel's music, which, along 
with the first two pieces, should help to tem-
porarily satiate San Diego's growing appetite 
for quality entertainment and dance. 

Another welcome change is that instead of 

performing with the San Diego Symphony, the 
International Symphony Orchestra of Tijuana has 
stepped in in their visit to our city. 

Responsible for bringing us the San Francisco 
Ballet is the San Diego Foundation for the Per-
forming Arts (SDFPA). Their goal, according to 
Alben Rodewald, Public Relations Director, is to 
provide San Diego with the best in dance. This 
project is being approached from two angles. The 
first is to seek out and bring the best performers to 
_uJ<...."r;u. The .second is to actually make those 
performers available to different parts of our 
coOlmilnity. One way this is being accomplished 

specW. ~II which educates and 
....d8:eaccessible to underprivileged school 
__ n, those whom Alben Rodewald refers 10 

the "under served" segment of our community. 
In the 1990-91 season the SDFPA will be 

presenting San Diego with a wide variety of dance 
performances. In November the world famous 
Aamenco dancer Rosa Montoya will be appear-
ing at the Spreckles Theater. The season wi ll also 
bring us the American Dance Theater, the Bul-
garian National Folk Ensemble, the Overland 
Dance Company and in March, "The Last Supper 
at Uncle Tom's Cabin" by Arnie Zane and 
Company. 

With a student ill you're entitled to a 20% 
discount off the standrard ticket price. Take ad-
vantage of this because if Wednesday evening's 
production is any indication of what 's in store, the 
season ahead promises to be a sizzling one. 

Graphic by Lara HelslerIGuardian 

REVELLE Committee 
NEW CLIENTS 

ONLY 
WIIII-lna 1M' call 
' OIIIJI)Oin ...... ' OPEN:·IIon.·Sat. &-1 

I We flo FII»r aM, LitIn """.", $IIIr ..". I 
• Full Sel ........ .......... $16.95 
• Fills ........ ................ $10.95 
• Pedicure ............ .. .. $10.95 
• Manicure ................ . $5.95 

147f Gomot A .... PacI1Ic: _ (<Ornt! 01 H_) 

APPLICATIONS ARE 
DUE TODAYI 

Turn in applications today at the Revelle 
College Provost Office. A.S. Junio r Senator 
applications due Wednesday, October 10th. 

Friday, October 5, 1990 

SURREAL 
Continued from page HI 
of Surrealism" at the Mandeville Gallery. 

Thi collection features the work of 12 
San Diego arti t ,and i highly contempo-
rary- most of the piece were produced 
within the last two years. The exhibits cover 
a huge variety of artistic styles and subject 
matter, revealing that there is more to surre-
alism than imagined. 

The traditional, "dictionary definition" 
of surrealism states that it is a movement 
whieh seeks to "express what is in the sub-
conscious mind by depicting objects and 
events as seen in dreams." The works on 
show here by Peter Steams would seem:o fit 
this bill. Entitled Abstraction in Bondage 
and The Cafe for Broken Artists, they are 
huge, vibrant canvases which explode with 
color and bizarre images. Must have been 
some wild dream .. . 

This exhibition shows more of surreal-
ism than just the bizarre, though. Three 
enormous black and white pieces by Paul 
Singdahlsen are the first to catch your eye 
when you walk through the door. Each 
conveys a peculiar sense of doom and 
foreboding, achieved through his stark and 
bare pencil work. No excesses of color and 
detail here, complemented by their simple 
names such as Grid. Another work, entitled 
Approach, shows a train crossing a bridge 
between the sides of a vast canyon, looking 
rather vulnerable, its head lamp the only 
bright spot of hope in a barren landscape. 

Possibly the most unusual pieces in the 
collection are those ofBamey Reid. A series 
of smaU black and white etchings, the pieces 
have a'distinctly Gothic feel and could easily 
be the illustrations of a set of tarot cards. 
Most depict a pathetic nude figure struggling 
in vain to overcome death, al ways with large 
black crows in attendance. Titles like The 
Kiss, The Struggle, and Rider s~t a suitably 

The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 3 

macabre tone, for these wonderfully de-
tailed etchings have an eerie fascination. 
Struggle with the Grim Reaper is futile , it 
seem , for he always gets us in the end . 

Half the artists on display are female, and 
one of them, Karla Holland-Scholer, fo-
cuses her attention quite specifically on 
women. A number of her works feature two 
women who are trapped, say in a small room 
or a bath. Some of her exhibits are in 3D, 
with the two side edges of the frame point-
ing inwards, a device which gives the im-
pression of looking into rather than at the 

eemingly oblivious to the rna ive s torm 
that is whipping up around them. Their dog 
is howling, the laundry 's being blown straight 
past them off the clothes line, and it seems a 
distinct possibility that the ir house is about 
to be uprooted, "Wizard of Oz" tyle. Yet 
they keep on danCing and pay no attention to 
their surroundings. ff the dictionary defini -
tion of surrealism is expressing the subcon-
scious as a dream, then Kelsey-Gordon has 
succeeded brilliantly. Dancing Fools ap-
pears like a snapshot taken out of a night-
marish dream sequence. 

• 
..... 

. . : ..... "'- - . 

doubly exposed negative. It is confusi ng to 
look at, maybe, but the overall e ffect is 
intriguing and quite pleasing, even to an 
untrained eye. 

The last piece you see before the exit is 
certainly one of the most interesting on 
display. By Carolyn Cardenas, it's called 
West of Eden, a mammoth three-part de-
piction of almost every aspect of modern 
U.S. life. It took her six years to complete, 
a fact not difficult to comprehend when you 
appreciate the sheer complexity of what 
she' s trying to portray. In the middle section 
there's the archetypal large American family 
home, flanked on one side by thecity and on 
the other by the countryside. As a repre-
sentation of modern life it' s fairly inclusive" 
- there 's a riot going on downtown, a jet's 
about to land, each ofthe family 's occupied 
doing their own thing, and a TV series is 
being shot in their garden. On the surface, 
all seems bright, busy, and reasonably happy, 
but looks can be deceptive. On closer in-
spection, you start to wonder why the woman 
by the front door is pouting prostitute-like 
at that guy, and why the cops are beating up 
what look like unarmed men. 

Paul Singdahlsen's "Grid,· now on display at the Mandeville Gal/ery. 

As its title West of Eden suggests, maybe 
America is not the paradise it believed itself 
to be or would like itself to be.]f surreali sm 
is all about showing what's in the subcon-
scious as a dream, then Cardenas has 
achieved this in a depiction of a nightmarish 
vision of America. Whoever said that art 
has nothing to do with real life? 

work, especially when the subject is a small 
model rather than just a flat image on the 
canvas. This trick works well in the work 
Heaven, where the hermaphroditic winged 
figure seems capable of flying straight out of 
the frame. 

Without doubt, one of the most impres-
sive pieces in the collection is by Cynthia 
Kelsey-Gordon. Entitled Dancing Fools, 
this large canvas is an eye-catching blaze of 
wildly vibrant colors. It depicts a couple 
dancing frenziedly outside their porch, 

Although the overaU effect of a surrealist 
piece may be confused and its meaning 
somewhat obscure, it may wen be com-
posed of common, everyday images. Such a 
paradox is reflected in Shari Lamanet' s three 
exhibits. These black and white pieces strike 
one at the first instance as photographs, 
which isn't surprising if you consider that 
they 're composed of different photographic 
images. Untitled incorporates images of 
Michaelangelo ' s David with those of a city 
skyline and a baby's face, rather like a 

What: "Echoes of Surrealism" 
When: now through Oct. 28, 
noon to 5 p.m. 
Where: Mandeville Gallery. 
Admission: free. 
There will also be a poetry reading 
Oct. 18 at 7:30 p.m.in the gallery 
titled "Echoes of Surrealism: A 
Poetry Reading'-

srUDINrs 

na 
Spar~lers & Twisters 

,r----..Enter the Drawing for a 
T-SHIRT 1i ............. . /' . \ ~ or the 

!GRAND PRIZE 
DINNER CRUISE FOR 

® 



4 HlATUS 

ATTENTION 
WARREN 
STUDENTS 
W ant to make new friends? Meet new 
people? Get involved? Well, it's not too late! 
Pick up an application for Warren College 
Student Council and various campus-wide 
committees at the Warren Provo t Office or 
Warren Commons. Internal positions avail-
able include Frosh Senator, Judicial Board, 
4C' Chair and Warren Briefs Council Editor. 

Application Deadline: 
Tuesday, October 9th. 

Co-sponsored by -'::)7 HGII FM 

MEDICAL EVALUATION AND CARE 
BY BOARD CERTIFIED ALLERGIST AT NO COST TO YOU 

ALLERGIES/ HA Y FEVER 
• One week study of investigational nasal spray 

• Must be between ages of 18 and 60 

• Hay fever symptoms (runny, stuffy, itchy nose or 
sneezing) 

• PAYMENT OF UP TO $80 TO QUALIFIED PARTICIPANTS 
ASTHMA 
• 21-week study of investigational asthma medication 

• Symptoms of wheezing, chest tightenss, coughing or 
shortness of breath 

• Must be age 12 or over 

• PAYMENT OF UP TO $700 TO QUALIFIED PARTICIPANTS 

The UCSD Guardian 

Julee Cruise 
Floating Into the Night 
Warner Brothers 

If you have seen David Lynch 's 
film "Blue Velvet" orhistelevision 
show "Twin Peaks," you have 
undoubtedly heard the jazzy, fin-
ger-snapping and somewhat 
haunti ng music of Angelo 
Badalamenti. In Julee Cruise's 
Floating Into the Night , 
Badalamenti 's innovative melo-
dies, combined with rich lyrics 
written by Lynch himself, could 
not be sung like any generic song. 
This is where Cruise comes in, 
with a silky voice as haunting as 
the music she sings. 

The theme song from "Twin 
Peaks" entitled "Falling," is easily 
the best song on th is album. The 
music is soothing, and is the type 
of song that takes you on ajoumey. 
Okay, so it's about falling inlove ... 
not the most original topic, but 
instead of four minutes of ga-ga, 
Lynch throws in the line "Don' t let 
yo urself be hurt this time" 
throughout the song. This removes 
it from the realm of typical love 
songs. 

When listening to Floating Into 
the Night, there is always the 
feeling that something is about to 
happen. Remember in Jaws when 
the theme music would start and 
everybody knew Lhatsorneone was 
about to be the shark's next meal? 
Well, Floating Into the Night is 
mainly music that comes in when 
something strange, psychotic , or 
sexually "perverse" happens in one 
of Lynch 's productions. Even if 
you (gasp) don ' t watch "Twin 
Peaks" or if you (double gasp!!) 
haven't seen Blue Velvet, don' t 
count Iulee Cruise out. 
Everybody 's music collection 

tEVIEWS 
should include omedivergent,off-
beat music such as Floating Imo 
the Night. 

-Julie Sherman 

The Re~lIaC'ltmE'nts 
All Shook Down 

Friday, October 5, 1990 

mother's hean-tugging lamenr as 
her child is taken away. 

In All Shook Down the ' Mats 
show up with another typically 
fine piece of work. Maybe next 
time they ' ll crank out some really 
thmshing tunes. This will do okay 
for now though. 

- Gary Pierce 

Sire The Sidewinders 
America's killer band of the 80's Auntie Ramos' Pool Hall 

tries something new (again) after RCA 
last years overproduced Don't Tell Slithering out of the hot sun of 
A SOMI with a stripped-down yet Arizona, the Sidewinders have 
still powerful AIlShookDown. Paul garnered a devout following of 
Westerberg's rebel without a clue critics and fans who feel that the 
lyrics are poignant, fresh, and Tucson-based quartet is the great-
grabby. The music is where this est sound in the southwest. To some 
album shifts gears. Clear and sharp, extent, they may be right. 
relaxed and acoustically-oriented However, Auntie Ramos' Pool 
these guys hardly sound like the Hall, the Sidewinders' second re-
band that recorded Hootenanny or lease for RCA, is anything but 
Tim. great. Lacking any real song that 

The only real rock.er on the LP jumps off the album at fust listen, 
is "My Little-Problem," a raspy- the Sidewinders are definitely an 
wailing duet with lohnette acquired taste. 
Napolitano of Concrete Blonde. Thealbum's twelvesongsrange 
"Bent Out Of Shape," and "Happy from the melodic ballad of "Little 
Town"are decent cuts, but lack the Boy" to the heavy sound of "Drop 
grit of the Replacements ' earlier the Anchor." Yet, the band seems 
works. to be stuck in writing songs that are 

Midtempo "When It Began," safe and commercially feasible in-
"Merry Go Round," and "Nobody, II stead of dari ng and ground break-
showcase Westerberg's cynically ing. In essence, this has been done 
real view of life. before by many bands. Unfortu-

In "Nobody," a touching look nately, the production of this al-
at a love lost on her wedding day; bum cannot overcome Ihis fact. 
he sighs "bean takes when they However, there are a few bright 
look my way/knees shake, there spots in the album. One of them is 
ain't a shotgun in the place.. . "7+7 Is" a remake of the classic 
You're still in love with nobody/ garage band Love's original. The 
and I used to be nobody. other bright spot is "Last Night of 

Surprisingly, the best songs on Your Life," a ballad that mixes a 
theLP may be ballads. "The Last," slow melody with a driving bass 
a piano-driven song, is about the line that really kicks in after a 
fears and uncertainties of romance: while. 
"the next one's always gonoa last Probably the best song on the 
for always." album, however, is "Get Out of 

"Sadly Beautiful" is a senti- That Town" which combines an 
mental song which recounts a See ALBUMS, page 5 

Caring About Your Decisions ... 

eFree Pregnancy Testing 
(Immediate Results) 

ePregnancy Termination 
eGeneral or Local Anesthesia 
e Low Cost Early Pregnancy 
Test (10 Days After Conception) 

eAffordable Birth Control 
eStudent Discount 

(619) 535-1379 

Q;r;t 
lIliI.iJ a r hoice 

_ .. Family Planning Associates Medical Group 

Friday, October 5, 1990 

ALBUMS 
continued from page 4 
excellent mix of vocals and music 
to indicate that possibly the Side-
winders are more than ju t a garage 
band. They just might be on the 
edge of a new "hot-bed" of rock 
and roll talent. But first they have 
to grow on you. Which is pretty 
hard to do in the dry heat of Ari-
zona. 

The Pixies 
Bossanova 
4AD/Elektra 

- James Darlow 

To the alternative li stener, 
Bossanova, with its dash of samba, 
may as well be second cousins 
twice-removed to any idea of rock-
n-roll. But, Bossanova, the founh 
album of The Pixies, has an inter-
esting bond with its Brazi lian 
counterpart. 

Bossanova is quite different 
from the third album, Dolittle be-
cause of its adherence to the more 
brash, raw musicality of the earlier 
albums Come on Pilgrim and 
Surfer Rosa. Such songs as "Rock . 
Music," "Blown Away" and "Hang 
Wire" display The Pixies ' hard, 
pure rock'n'roll base - complete 
with distorted feedback, driven 
tempos and punk beats . But, 
Bossanova is not a remake of the 
first or second albums. 

The surreal, "whatever sounds 
good" lyric policy of vocalist and 
guitarist, Black Fracis, sti ll ensues, 
but the strange, incomprehensible 
song titles of albums-past have 
been replaced by feminine names. 
Songs like "Cecilia Ann," "Velo-
ria ," "Allison," "Ana" and 
"Havalina" produce an underlying 
theme of endearment with pas-
sionate yearnings for the female. 
"Ana" and "Havalina" are the ob-
vious modem love songs and are 
influenced by both samba and 
Beatlesque elements. 

While the album may lean to-
wards somewhat more musical 
melodies, Francis' talking, yelling, 
and falsetto combines with lead 
guitarist Joey Santiago's powerful 
solo presence, bassist Kim Deal 's 
beautiful backing vocals and David 
Lovering's solid drumming to 
produce an album with a hard rock 
base and western flavor fused with 
a romantic undertheme of love 
thrown through a blender of mu-
sical variations. Such a formula 
achieves a true sense of Bossanova. 

-David Lott 

••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
• * Do you know • 
• of a Jreat local • 
• • 
• ban that you'd • 
• like to see • 
• • 
• featured in our • 
• ON THE LOCAL • 
• • 
• SCENE column? • 
• Contact Jennifer • 
• • 
• c/o Hiatus at the .. 
• Guardian, 8-016, • 
• • 
• La Jolla, 92093. • 
• Telephone • 
• • 
• 534-6583 • 
• • 
••••••••••••••••• 

The UCSD Guardian 

IAr·IAN 
ILorOU11 

HIATUS 5 

The tlltilKate 
Sung/ass Shoppe 

Over 50 name brands & 3,000 frames in stock from $5 to $800 
• Special orders • Replacement parts • Binoculars · Goggles 

••• • ••••••••••••••• I UC3!! COUPON I Exp.1011M1O I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Eyes on Del Mar Mon.·Sat. 10-9 1555 Camino Del Mar II 
I Del Mar Plaza Sun. 11·6 Street Level· 792-9211 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

1ST&AOVE'T' 
SPEAKERS 

Indoor/Outdoor 
Mini Stereo Speakers 

5 TH . TWO WINNERS 
Parker Brothers 
Games 

8 TH 
Details 

Baseball cap 

GRAND PRIZE 
As featured in Orion Pictures Tent 

Film preview 

MITSUBISHI 
45" PROJECTION 

SCREEN TV 
Relell S3OOO. 

ENTER HERE 
DURING Campus Fest! 
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY 

ON·CAMPUS DRAWING -------------/0 

2ND LVNX. 

I _ - --, 

Crr:::i r ..'::"' .~:";:>, \ \~ ~·.c· ~~'·,f ":, ... ~ .... .j:. ~:I~ J I ~,j,\ \ " ~ ~ --
--- Atari Lynx 

Portable 
Color Entertainment 

System 
SuQg ,.:tII S 1 eo 00 

3 RDAIWJ( 
;i;7Dif./iL. 

Extreme Headphones 
Stereo Model H5-RD3 

Water ReSistant 
&.gg 
net ... 

1120 00 

e~ fea~ 

Perry Ellis 
AMERICA 

Denim Jacket 
SoQ9 ......... 00 

L'\I\"ERSlTI" 
Date: Oct 8-9, 1990 ~"'F::4 
Time: 10 am - 4 pm BOOKSTORE 
Location: Price Center Plaza 



6 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian 

AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 
'the Living Dead 

TOM'S Master Mechanics 
exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 

~fuuH 
60/ o~ 

--------------------

'Must present coupon and valid UCSD ID at time of estimate. 
Not valid with major engine or transmission repairs. 

CALL 1 '''''''". 
1450-9494 !~~ 

, VAA ~ _ • .~_", u." , 
If You have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered Us 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I Yet, Ask Us For References. I 

L~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~J 

• 

to 

BClll's E_ye Tavern 
OctolJer 6th 

5pm-8pm 

o 

~ Come Help Us Celebrate Our Grand Opening 
• . ~ 

t} 
• 

• 0 

• 0 

0/ 
0 f • 0 

• 
o 

Stop by and get to know us at the UCSD Student Credit Union. 
We offer accounts and ervices tailored to meet the everyday finan-
cial needs of UCSD student. And we are conveniently located on 
campus in the old Student Center. 

4 
We can help you with every aspect of your finance 

• Low-Cost Checking • 

• \ • No-Fee Savings • FREE ATM Card and Access • 15 .9% VISA 
• Personal Lines of Credit 
• Auto Loans 
• Account Access by Phone 24-Hours a Day 

We want to be your financial resource. We're the only financial 
in titution where you' ll find students helping students. 

And we've got the welcome mat out for you during our grand 
opening celebration September 17 through October 5. 

~ 
0 

• 

• 
• 

o 

• 

\ • o • 
• 

• • 

• 

• [ ----.... l -~-• Located iI/the Sllidelll Celller (619) 534-8220 • 

Friday, October 5, 1990 

SUNDAY 
Conllnued from page 2 
stricken neighbor who knows nei -
ther relief nor English. In between 
wailing Teutonic sobs of anguish, 
Bodey comforts her with doses of 
coffee and donuts while Dorothea 
avoids her at all costs. 

The unrequited desire, hope, and 
protection from the realities of an 
uncaring world are no different in 
" Creve Coeur" than in "The Glass 
Menagerie" or "A Streetcar Named 
Desire." The difference between 
this play and his earlier works is an 
almost uncharacteristic, up·beat 
ending. 

Director Douglas lacobs feels 
that "almost all of the • heavy ' 
playwrights wrote at least one sun-
shine play, when at some point in 
their Ii ves, the clouds of darkness 
and tragedy lifted from their eyes 
and they saw into the true joy, 
beauty and passion that permeates 
the instability of life." 

Be that as it may, there is pre-
cious little sunshine in the work, 
save for the brief warmth of the 
play's conclusion. 

Despite the disappointment of 
the play itself, the actors, design-
ers and director create an interesting 
environment in which the play can 
exist. The set, designed by Neil 
Patel , effectively conveys a 
cramped, stifled atmosphere. The 
play takes place entirely in a two 
room apartment filled with kitschy 
trinkets and gaudy colors. Tran-
scending the claustrophobic set-
ting, the cast successfully relates a 
sense of isolation and loneliness. 

The four characters ofthis inti -
mate play pair off, revealing to the 
audience two personalities. One is 
domineering and self-assured 
(Bodey and Helena), the other is 
weak and almost pitiful (Dorothea 
and Sophie). This becomes appar-
ent during the introduction to the 
second act. Taking Williams' stage 
directions one step further, Jacobs 
has the actors enter the stage sing-
ing "Me and My Shadow," rather 
than merely having the music 
playing over the audio system. 
Throughout the play it is fascinating 
to witness two subplots existing 
side-by-side, simultaneously, as a 
shadow will mimic its host. 

The allusions to shadows are 
ironic when one compares this play 
with the rest of Tennessee Wil-
liams ' work. Perhaps people should 
alter their expectations before see-
ing the play. A relatively new, 
obscure play by Williams doesn't 
necessarily guarantee a departure 
from what is typical Tennesse 
Williams; in this case it is almost a 
cliche. 

A treat for those attending on 
most Tuesday and Friday nights is 
an infonnal discussion with the 
director and the cast after the play 
concludes. All praise, criticism and 
comments are welcomed by the 
participants. This is a benefit pro-
vided by the Rep for any produc-
tion; it is an excellent opportunity 
to have any questions answered 
while they are fresh in the mind. 

WMt: -A Lovely Sunday for 
Creve Coeur" 
When: running through Oc-
tober 13, Tuesday·Saturday 
at 8 p.m. and Sundays at 2 
and 7 p.m. The 2 p.m. per-
formance on Sunday, Octo-
ber 7, wiU be sign-Interpreted 
fOi the hearing Impaired. 
WMre: Lyceum Stage jn 
Horton Plaza . 
Admlulon:Tickets are $15-
22 

Friday, October 5, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

A.S. Funds Taxi Service for Partiers 
By Anton Bittner 
Senior Staff Writer 

The AS. paved the way for a 
new service which will provide in· 
ebriated students taxi rides home at 
their meeting Wednesday night. The 
council allocated $3,090 to start the 
service. 

The program, called "Tipsy 
Taxi," will begin service on Octo-
ber 19. It will be free of charge to 
UCSD students who are within and 
have destination points within a 15-
mile radius of campus. 

A student using the service 
would call Yellow Cab Company 
and present the driver with a student 
ID. The driver would record the 
student's name and I.D. number 
before taking them to their destina-
tion for free. 

Susan Ledwith, Muir College 
sophomore senator and a coordina-
tor of the program, said that the 
recorded information required by 
the driver would not be used to 
punish people for gening drunk, but 
will be taken to discourage the cabs 
from being used for "party hop-
ping." 

Ledwith explained that if a stu-
dent number was used twice in one 
evening, abuse of the service could 
be identified and dealt with. 

A.S. President 10hn Edson said 
during the meeting that the estab-
lishment of this type of program 
would show the administration that 
the AS. is concerned about alcohol 
abuse and are encouraging students 
to act responsibly. 

UCSD had a "Tipsy Taxi" pro-
gram in the past, but later dropped it 
when it became apparent that the 
service was being abused, Ledwith 

FORUM 
Continued from page 1 

"It is very dangerous to think in 
such narrow terms, to lose sight of 
the larger picture," she said. "Where 
we would end up is with no analysis 
of American foreign policy. We need 
to think more globally." 

Tempers flared with students and 
panelists alike arguing passionately 
during the discussion part of the 
forum, mostly about the role of Is-
rael in the Middle East. 

"The crisis in the Gulf is a minor 
crisis," asserted Shehedah. "It is a 
branch of the bigger crisis, which is 
the Israeli occupation of Palestine. 
If we don't solve the Palestinian 
problem ... these problems [like the 
Iraqi invasion] will happen again 
and again." 

"Israel's occupation creates a 
climate that allows people like 
Saddam Hussain to cause problems 
and keeps the region in turmoil," he 
added. 

"How can we free Kuwait if we 
deny self-determination to others?" 
Gluck agreed, referring to the Pales-
tinians. 

However, many students in the 

EDSON 
Continued from page 1 
against RIMAC, and other griev. 
ances still pending against RIMAe. 

'There were complaints that the 
original resolution was passed 
without the benefit of testimony 
from student representati ves on the 
RlMAC committee. 

Edson said that lack of student 
input was the reason he vetoed the' 
resolution. 

Duran announced yesterday that 
the meeting will resume tonight at 
5:30 in the A . meeting room on 
the third floor of the Price Center. 

said. 
She added that after extensive 

research on other campus' pro-
grams, she was optimistic that the 
program would not suffer the same 
problems. 

The program will run on a trial 
basis until Dec. I, after which its 
effectivene s will be evaluated and 
its fate decided. 

Ledwith said that the committee 
that developed the program hopes 
to receive sponsors to keep it run-
ning once it proves itself. The A.S. 
allocation is intended only to start 
the program, but to keep it running 
in the future, more funding will be 
necessary. 

During the interview, Ledwith 
said that no solicitation for spon-
sorships had been donetothis point, 
but discussed alcohol sponsors as a 
target group. 

There was some debate over the 

program on whetherornot it would 
promote responsibility. 

Patrick Dwyer, Warren College 
Sophmore Senator, was an out po-
ken opponent on the issue, saying 
that despite good intentions, the 
A.S. would be telling people that it 
would be O .K. to go out, shirk 
responsibility, and abuse alcohol. 

"It makes it easier for people to 
be irresponsible." Dwyer said. 

Dwyer added that having the 
program makes it easier for people 
to party and relieves students from 
taking responsibility for them-
selves. 

"I think the resolution would 
have passed very easily if! had not 
said anything," Dwyer said. 

Ledwith countered that the taxis 
could be used by people who have 
been stranded at panies and have 
no way home other than to get a 
ride with a drunk driver. 

THE A.S. MEETING IN BRIEF 
A,ipIi _iUlllSM.,: 
FIiIDk Bauer1y -l18IIICd ex-officio 0racIuaIIe SIudent Representative to the 
A.S. CouIri . 
Monic:a Copado - fIIDJed AssistaoJ Student Advocate 
DuSIio Finer - named Assistant SlUdent Adv~ 
l.ariua Kossits - named Assistant Student Advocate 
Amy Knoke- named Assistant Studem Advocate 
Molly McKay - named Interim Repesenlal:ive to the GSA council 
Amy Vanderlinden - named to the Rules Committee 

Al1ocGtions: 
$103 for abeadlightforlbeA.S. cart, from the general unallocated fund. 
$150 for flowers for the memorial service of Dr. 0Iartes Thomas, from 
general unallocated. 
$288 for one representative from Ibe Womens' Resource Center to attend an 
alI-UC women conference sponsored by UCSF, from general unallocated. 
$856fortheKSDTmusicdirectorlOattendtheCMJmusicconventioninNew 
Yade City, from general unallocated. 
$3,090 for the initiation of "fipsy Taxi" &elVice, from general unallocated. 

audience questioned the role of the 
Arab/Israeli conflict in the Gulf cri-
sis. 

"I think: they unfairly linked the 
Israeli/Arab conflict with the Gulf 
crisis," student Jerry Janoff said. 

Students also complained about 
the lack of opposing views on the 
panel. 

"The three panelists had the same 
view; they needed an opposing point 
of view," said 10 Adler, an EAP 
student from London. 

Students also cited the lack of an 
objective moderator as a problem 
with the discussion. 

"The moderation was not condu-
cive to good discussion," Adler said, 

referring to moderator Patricia 
Gardiner of the Coalition for Peace 
in the Middle East, who occasion-
ally interrupted panelists and stu-
dents alike to express her own opin-
ion. 

" I felt I was rushed and cut off. 
She treated pro-Arab speakers bet-
ter than pro-Israel speakers," lanoff 
said. 

Despite the apparent tenseness 
of the students and panelists, 
Shehedah emphasized that war is 
not a solution. 

"I think that it is important that 
we unite together to avert a war, 
because it would be every tragic," 
he said. 

L a J 0 I I a "s 
BEST KEPT SECRET! 

Come by for break/ast, lunch, or dinner! 

.... ,.1:.: 
• Overlooking Torrey Pines Golf Course 
and the Pacific Ocean 

• Beautiful outdoor dining 
• A wide variety of nutritious yet tasty cuisine 
• AII-you-can·eat salad bar 

HOURS Of OPERATION 
1Ion.·Thurs. 7 .111-8 pm 

Friday cloMcl 113 
Friday_ IhN Sundlfl our rHIIUrant 

II open 10 ClIIf your pI/IItI . 

• Deli sandwiches, fresh fish 
and chicken entrees, and more ... 

r.····---·----··--
EntoY your 20% studenl discount 

with a UCSD 1.0. 
Choices in the • - - - • - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Shiley Sports and Heallh Cenler of 554 FOOD 
Scripps Clinic· 10820 North Torrey Pines Road Call • 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

NEWS 9 

THE BEST CHICKEN 

Deliciou •• MellI inalecl. HoI from the Roti.serie ... 
Gourmet Sauce.: 

Barbecue, Salso, Honey Mustard 
Great Sid. Di ..... : 

Salads, Brown Rice, Vegetarian Beans, Baked Potato & more ... 
n.. .... Prices. Eat in or Take out. 

Daily aft .... oon Special (2-Spm) Only $2.50 ... 

2 

. • i., r ~, I' '. 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap - Only $48 

Not a temporary water loss • fleduce cellulite and stretch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455-0909 Expires 101311\10 

Great For Lunch! 
A CUP-FUL A DAY 

KEEPS THE INCHES AWAY 
r:;, Hung<y fo< something other 'han solad fo< 

, : - ; A ~ lunch? Someth'ng 1hofs healthy and lOw ,n 
,,~;J.....,:J cOlories? lry Polar', Frozen Yogurt. 
,., Notural lngredlents meon Poto(s tastes 
l better. and It's osllHIe as 15 colones on 
) ounce 

" 

YOUR~19:\SPECIALlsr, 
ALSO SERVING YOUR PC NEEDS. 

While Some Stores Attempt To 
Take The Shirt Off Your Back_ 

We Will Give You A New One! 
Watch a Demonstration, Get a Cool Tee Shirt-FREE 

Fantastic Graphics, Excellent Color CapabiDlies, 
Powerful Software, Incredible Video, 

Outrageous Animations . . . 
tWlG:\ 

THE COMPUTER FOR THE CREATIVE MIND. 
(619) 9J - 0902 

The Lively Computer 471 Broadway ElCajon 
Open MoIXlay Thru Friday 10 -' 8, Saturday 10 - 6, Aocl Sunday 1 - 5 

DERMATOLOGY 
,G004About 

Fee'IT. r skin Diseases and Surgery of the Skin 
IOU Skin Cancer, Laser Surgery 

Facial Peels, Leg Veins 
Mole and Scar Removal 
Collagen, Cosmetic Surgery 

ALEX PETERSON, M.D. 
BOARD CERTIFIED DERMATOLOGIST 

8950 V,11a La Jolla Dr .• Suite 1121 
(1 block wesl of 1·5, behind Ihe Elephanl ear) 

552-8842 



10 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BJ's Pizza is still UCSD's finest 
original pizzeria. Tear out the BJ's 
coupon and get your taste buds to 
BJ 's. For UCSD's serious pizza 
eaters I (9/24-11130) 
We're back I Sell the contents of your 
garagel Find a genius who can read 
your handwriting and can type I Buy 
it, sell it, read it, tell it, find it, lose it, in 
the Guardianclassifieds! (9/24-10/5) 

50%-90% off current fashions only at 
Apparel Designer Zone ! See our ad 
in today's paper or call the holline at 
450-3323. (9124-10/19) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more . Near SI. 
Germains. 452-9949. (9/24-11130) 

Are you COLOR BLIND? Earn $51 
hour participating in experiments on 
human color vision. If you are color 
deficient contact Ethan Montag, 
Psych. Dept. 534-2999. (1 0/1-1 0112) 

Senior medical student available to 
tutor you in the sciences. Also 
available for personal advice and help 
with applying to medica.1 school: mock 
interviews, etc... Call Nick at 453-
8850 for more info. (1 0/1-10/12) 

Writing Help. I've discovered/created 
unique, Fun - yes, Funl approaches 
for serious projects. Begin 481-181 O. 
(10/3-11130) 
ON LINE MARCHING ASSOCIA-
TION isrecnuiting over 1 00 Instructors 
for Drum major, Drill Team 
Cheerlead ing, Rif les , Flags , 
Majorette, marching and Drill Design. 
Tryouts will be held Sunday October 
7, beginning at 9:00 a.m. For the 
location and each section's time, call 
598-6611 . (10/3-10/5) 

A Memorial Service for Professor 
Charles Thomas will be held on 
Friday, OcIober 5, at 11 a.m. at the 
First United Methodist Church, 2111 
Camino del Rio South, in Mission 
Valley. A campus Memorial Service 
for Professor Thomas will also be 
held for the University community on 
Friday, OcIober 5, at 4 p.m. at the 
Price Center Theater on the UCSD 
campus. (10/5) 

Come start a tradition ! 1st Annual 
Warren TG is TODAY I Enjoy root 
beer, ice cream, music, and more! 
4:30-6 at Warren Commons. Be a 
part of UCSD's newest tradition! (101 
5) 

Join The Facu1ty Club! 

Membership in the 
Faculty Club is 

open to all faculty, 
staff and 

graduate students. 
You can 

start your membership 
in the Club for 

as little as $62,00. 
Members pay a 1 time 

initiation fee and 
monthly dues of $12. 

Members enjoy 
• Club charge privileges 

• Weekday breakfast 
and lunch service 

• Friday Happ~ Hour 
• Special member events 

Call Kelli McCoy 
at 534-1931 

for more information 
or to start 

your membershipl 

The UCSD Guardian Friday, October 5, 1990 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Happy with your present salary? If 
you want to make more call me 
immediately! (619)758-4602. (10/1 -
1018) 
Macintosh lovers - part time flexible 
hours job near UCSD and UTC -
have microsoft works, data base, 
word processing, simple accounting. 
$5 .50 hourly. Call Cruise 
headquarters 453-1201 today . 
SERIOUS COMMITMENT RE -
QUIRED. (10/HO/5) 

Classified advertising is sold in IS-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for students, 
$3 forfacuity and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in advance is required; therefore, ads must 
be mailed with a check (made payable to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Please 
have exact change. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's issue, 3 p.m. Monday/or 
Wednesday's issue, and 3 p .m. Wednesday for Friday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right 
to refuse any advertisillg including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
call 534-5416. UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, fA Jolla , CA 92093-0316. 

In school and need money? Start 
your own business for $150. Fun 
work. Distribute REAL designer 
fragrances. 272-9038. (10/1 -10/5) 

The Peace Dividend: Buried in the 
Saudi Sands? A talk byformerdireclor 
of "Star Wars" for the Carter 
Administration, Col. (ret.) Dr. Robert 
Bowman. Tuesday, Oct. 9 at 7:30 
p.m., Marston Middle School , 3799 
Clairemolll Dr. at Ute St. (1 block 
south of Balboa). 278-3730. (10/5-
10/8) 
Attent ion b icyclists and 
skateboarders ! Pick up a free copy of 
the UCSD bicycle route map, as well 
as the rules and regulations, at the 
UCSD Police Department or 
Transportation Alternatives Office. 
For more information call 534-4358. 
(1 0/5-1 0/8) 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT 
UCSD ! Jewish Campus Centers 
provides warmth, education, prayer, 
socializing. Connect with Union of 
Jewish Students! 502 Matthews; east 
of the Price Center. Call Rabbi 
Slotnick, 534-2521. (1 0/5) 
Warren students needed to fill 
leadership positions. For more info 
go to Commons or Provost and pick 
up an application for Warren Student 
Council. (10/5-10/8) 
The A.S. Internship Office linds 
internships that lead to real careers 
after college! Biology, Environment, 
Engineering, Economics, Politics, 
Education, Communications, V.A. , 
more!! 534-46891 M-F 9 a.m. - 4 p. m. , 
3rd floor of Price Center. (1 0/5-1 01 
12) 
Biology majors: San Diego Sports 
Med icine Center needs interns ; 
Economics: RAN CON Real Estate. 
ASIO, 534-4689. (10/5) 

ASIO has summer internships all over 
California! Find out about Exports 
Oceana (San Diego), Genentech 
(San Francisco) , NASA Ames 
Research Center (San Jose), and 
morel 3rd floor, Price Center, 534-
4689. (1015) 

Third College leadership positions 
now available. Apply in the Third 
Dean's Office. Deadline is Oct. 11 . 
(10/5-10/10) 

The A.S. Internship Office has an 
information booth at FFOG. Find out 
your career potential !!I (10/5) 

ldnko'S· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Garnet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

ASIO deadlines for winter intemships 
are October 19th. They are easy to 
get and look great on your resume I 
We're open M-F, 9 a.m.- 4 p.m., 3rd 
floor Price Center, 534-4689. (10/5-
10/12) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari -Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student discounts. 558-46441226-
1962. (9/24-1114) 
DONT' WALK ALONE II The UCSD 
Police Department offers a 
Community Service Officer (CSO) 
Escort Program. CSOs are available 
to escort individuals on campus from 
5:30 p.m. to 1 :00 a.m. seven days a 
week including vacations and 
holidays. Just call 534-WALK on any 
pay phone or 4-WALK from on-
campus phones. YOUR SAFETY IS 
OUR FIRST CONCERN. (10/1-10/5) 
Piano lessons - my North County 
studio or in your home. Ear training, 
theory, improvisation, beginners-
intermediates, most styles. Steve, 
942-8179. (10/1-10122) 
Editing. Typing. Computer Service. 
WordPerfect. LaserPrinter. 8-11 a.m. 
Daily. Pickup. Delivery. 673-0696. 
(1013-10/8) 
WRtTING Help from U.C.-GradTutorl 
Writer/ Researcher . All projects 
welcome. Productive, Intense! Start 
Early. 481 -1 810. (10/3-11/30) 
WORD PROFESSIONALS : 
Experienced. Word Processing. 
Research using MEDLINE or BRS 
Colleague; 1 hour minimum. Student 
Rates. Modem. Laser printer. 9-7 
Mon.- Fri. Weekend appointments. 
753-5964. 1521 SummitAve., Cardiff. 
(10/5) 

TYPING - PROOFREADING -
EDITING, T erm papers, M.A.s, 
Ph.D.s , Legal, and Medical. RUSH 
JOBS. Call MARIE, 931-9596. (1015) 

Papers typed I Quick and affordable. 
From $21pg. Call LJ Colony Resumes 
& Professional Typing. 455-8357. 
Laser printing I 60 typestyles to 
choose froml One day service 
available I (10/5-11130) 

TYPING: TERM PAPERS, ETC., 
RUSH JOBS AT NO EXTRA 
CHARGE. 453-0656. (1013-11130) 

VJANTED 
Are you wanted? Make it happen in 
the Wanteds. (9/24-10/5) 

Child Care Wanted: Solana Beach 
home, two year old boy, two mornings 
per week, 481-7349. (9/28-1015) 

Earn $500-$1500 part-time stuffing 
envetopes in your home. For free 
info, send a sell addressed, stamped 
envelope to: P.O. Box 81953, Dept. 
P127, Albuquerque, NM 87198. (91 
28-1018) 

Research: Healthy women ages 18-
30. Long , irregular menstrual 
cycles. Involves sleeping with light 5 
nights, daily blood drawing one cycle. 
Payment: $10.00/draw ($350.00+) . 
Message: 552-8585 ext 3219 
"menstrual study". (9128-10/19) 

JOBS JOBS JOBS. Fundraisers for 
UCSD Annual Fund, on campus $7 
plus bonuses, flexible hours. 587-
1585. (9!28-10/5) 

Computerized international 
investment analysis. High 
intelligence, mathematical abitity, and 
computer experience required . 
Opportunity for programming on 
Macintosh and Unix, networking, in 
addition to data base management 
and entry. Macintosh programming 
and spreadsheet experience 
desirable. 15-20 flex. hrs. per week. 
In Del Mar overtooking Torrey Pines 
Park. Must be able towork FT summer 
'91 . $8. 501h r. Karen, 755-3940. (91 
28-10/5) 

WANTED: 85 overweight people I 
Lose up to 25 pounds in 30 days. 
Earn $$$$Iosing. Call 492-8653. (101 
1-1015) 

Roommate wanted - Female, non-
smoker, non-drinker to share 2 bed! 
2 bath. Pool, jacuzzi , weight room, 
laundry, in La Jolla Colony. Rent $225 
or $450. Call Kim, 597-0740. (10/1-
10/8) 

Femaletoassist51l2yr. old in getting 
reedy for and driving to school. 4 
days a week, 7 a.m. to 8 :10 a.m., 
$25/Week. Terri at 481-1042. (10/ 
3-1015) 
Make $1 Sell T-shirts to frats. 
sororities, clubs, businesses etc .. .. 
flexible hours. 566-4861 . (1013-101 
10) 
LOVING, RELIABLE BABYSITIER 
FOR PROFESSOR'S KIDS AGES 5 
AND 2-112. CALL MICHAEL OR SUE, 
453-4798. (1 013-1 0/8) 
TUTOR WANTED, math/chem, 552-
3451. (10/5) 
Help Wanted part time weekends 
BLACKJACK, CRAPS dealers for 
Casinoparties-witl train. 632-01 01 . 
(10/5-10/10) 
Can't find the perfect intemship? The 
A.S. Internship Office will help you 
design your own intemship for any 
major or area of interest. Call Randy 
534-4689/ 9 a.m.- 4 p.m, 3rd floor 
Price Center. (10/5-1018) 
Childcare needed in Del Mar 4:30-
7:00 some days. Own car. 755-6172. 
(10/5-10131) 
DeUvery driver for pizza restaurant. 
Must be 18 and have good driving 
record and dependable car. 4 or 5 
eves per week 5:45-10 p.m. Hourty 
pay plus tips. Apply in person 3-6 
p.m. DiMattia's Pizza & Pasta, 8650 
Genessee #312, San Diego. (1015-
10/22) 
Earn $1 001 Healthy Caucasian right-
handed males ages 18-28 needed 
for a study of the eyeblink reflex. 
Study requires 3 weekday visits to 
UCSD Medical Center. Call 543-2496 
for information. (10/5) 

FOR SALE 
SURFBOARDS. Four used Rusty's, 
$1 00 each. Must sell . RARE Balinese 
wallets, $10 each. John 457-2465. 
(0/24-10/5) 
Futon and 4-position frame. $100. 
Can deliver. 587-0709. (9/24-10/12) 

1974 VW Thing. Good condition. 
Runs great. $2950 or best offer, 457-
7658. (9128-10/10) 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Free cotlSUllalfon and Inlltallrea/me,., 15 min . 120 value. First-lime c/fents only)' 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
E~ 
Upper Up 

CIin 

l.Inda!arms 
&east 
Stomach 

Bildni Una 

Toes 

Pe111'J11Cllt Hd I Removal 

• Amer1can Medical Association 
approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetil; electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female staff, stale lie. technicians 

558-0888 

~J~~,:t~!.~e;.!~o~l~~~al/l Bar 
8950 Villa !.alolla Dr. Sle. 2121 

Friday, October 5, 1990 

STEREO FOR SALE: Rack system, 
100-watt amplifier, tuner , dual tape 
deck, 20 band graphic equalizer, 2 
speakers with 15 inch woofers . 
Excellent system. $550 or best offer. 
587-8898. (10/H O/5) 

FOR SALE: 1983 VW GTI, black, 
AC, CD player. Excellent condition, 
$3595. Brian, 450-1805. (10/1-10/5) 

G&S 6'2" surfboard, tri -fin , leash, 
$250. RipGurl full wetsuit, removable 
sleeves, medium. $75. 552- 1 012. (1 0/ 
1-10/10) 

Excellent seats for Santana concert 
October 11th in San Diego, $45 each. 
Alex, 458-9845 any1ime. (10/1 -10/5) 

FOR SALE Macintosh with external 
disk drive and software. $900 abo, 
279-9 '-n. (10/1 -10/8) 

For Sale : BEER NEON SIGN 
(Budweiser) $1 00 obo. Call 270-8918 
evenings. (10/1-10/5) 

'87 Suzuki Samuri. Teal green, 
custom wheels, two tops. great 
transportation. $4500. 558-9130 or 
460-4745. (10/1-10/5) 

SURFBOARDS, CUSTOM : $225, 
O'SHEN SURF. Need a new stick for 
the winter? Work directly with the 
shaper for your personal board. All 
boards professionally glassed at 
Moonlight Glassing. 753-1084. (101 
1-10/10) 

Cannondale SR800, 3.0 series, blue 
w/all Shimano 600 parts , xln't 
condition. $525.00. 619-558-8635. 
(1 0/3-1 0/5) 

Comic Books: Punisher War Journal, 
Amazing Spider man, Batman and 
many morel Call Jason at 558-6625. 
(10/3-10/5) 

MACINTOSH 512K COMPUTER 
AND PR tNTER FOR SALE. Excellent 
condition. Software included. $800. 
Call 457-3918. (10/5) 
Univega 10-speed, red , good 
condition, $150obo. Leave message, 
546-3817. (10/5) 

BARGAIN AIRLINE TICKETS . Two 
$250 vouchers anywhere Eastern 
flies . Selling for $400. Includes 
upgrade to 1 st class or companion 
flies half price. TRANSFERABLE. 
AMY, 558-8134. (10/5- 10/8) 
Scooters , Honda Elite 50 and Honda 
Spree with low mileage. Call 452-
2843. (10/5-10/12) 

DORM REFRIGERATOR FOR 
SALE. $60. Can deliver. Call Carol at 
587-7015. Leave message. (10/5-
1018) 
SAN DIEGO - SAN FRANCISCO 
round trip airfare $50. Call 273-3540. 
(10/5-10/8) 

IBM PC, hard drive, graphics card , 
mon~or, mouse, $200. tBM Proprinter 
II, $100. Kris, 792-5208. (10/5-10/ 
17) 

STUDENT AIR FARES. Reserve 
holiday travel early. USA, Europe. 
Free bonus miles. 48H264. (10/5) 

Basic women's 10-speed bike . 
Perfect to get around campus, $30. 
453-3718. (10/5) 
Laptop computer, Sharp PC 4502, 
dual drives, internal modem, serial , 
printer, software. $11 OO/obo. Matt, 
558-8022. (10/5-10/12) 

Full size futon , 8', with 3 position pine 
fra:ne. Excellent condition, unused. 
Will delivGr - $15O/obo. Please call 
558-0148, eves. after 5 :30 p.m. (10/ 
5-10/17) 

UCSD'S UE&SA 
SPECIAL EVENTS PRESENTS 

lAK,E 

The UCSD Guardian 

Round oak dining table, 42" diameter 
with extension leaf. Four oak chairs 
included, well maintained, beautiful 
condition. Light complexion easily 
included in any decor. Asking $3501 
abo. PleasecaIl558-0148, willdeliverl 
(10/5-10/17) 

FOR SALE: IBM PC Junior. Color 
tenminal, Okidata Microline 92 printer. 
MAKE AN OFFER, CALL 270-9220. 
(10/5-11 /30) 

HOUSING 
I never know who's housing and who 
isn't unless I read it in the Guardian 
Classifieds. (9/24-10/5) 

Room for rent, $375/month. Close to 
UCSD. Utilities paid. 450-6935, 
453-6164 or 534-2410. (1 0/28-10/5) 

University City, shared room $260, 
near bus, good roommates . Tom, 
Vince or Naureet, 587-8246. (1 0/1 -
1015) 

Room for rent in Mira Mesa apt. 
complex with pool , spa, laundry, 
cable, dishwasher, microwave and 
more. 1 or 2 males needed. $3251 
month plus utilities. Call Chris, 536-
1168. (10/3-10/10) 

ROOMATES WANTED! Fun, friendly 
University City House, 2 roomsl 
spacious, fireplace, garden. Near 
UCSD! $370 mo. 459-2935. 
(10/3-10/10) 
Own room in spacious University 
home. Share kitchen, laundry, etc. 
Clean, safe, big yard. $320+1 /5 util. 
Call ASAP. Leslie 455-9580. ( 1013-
10/10) 
Roommate , female, nonsmoking. 
Own small room in house two blocks 
from campus. 453-1135. (10/5) 

:',' , . . " :. ; . J, ·0······ "H ' AI'JI 'N ··S··· !E" iN" . ~ " :. .: . " '. : ; ~ ~ 
SPECIALGUEST JEFF MARDER 

OCTOBE.Rll, TUESDAY, 8:00 PM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

UCSD BOX OFFICE: 534-4559 
... , COfIW.t.NY, JACK'S, TOWU 

81e/278-TIXS 

Room for rent in Mira Mesa apt. 
complex with pool , spa, laundry, 
cable, dishwasher, microwave, and 
more. $325/month plus 1/2 utilities. 
Call Chris , 536-1168. (10/5) 

ROOMMATES NEEDED for La Jolla 
condo 5 minutes from campus - 2 
female non-smokers share master 
bedroom off balcony w ith own 
bathroom. Near bus stop and pool. 
$275 ea. Call 457-2552. (10/5) 

Female roommate needed to share 
beautifully furnished 2BR, 2.5 BA 
condo near UCSD. All amenities. 
$425 plus 112 utilities. Profl grad 
student preferred. Sharon, eves or 
leave message, 587-6093. (10/5-101 
17) 

Room for rent; own bath in furn ished 
2 bed! 2 bath P.B. condo with pooll 
spa. $400 incl. cable and util. 459-
8162. (1 015) 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: Gold anklet. Call to identify, 
x42487. (9/28-10/22) 

PERSONALS 
Russia Explorer stranded w/wings in 
NY due to TWA's London flight 715. 
Call Eric(71 4) 963-8097. (9/24-1 0/8) 

Beautiful outdoor dining overlooking 
Torrey Pines golf course! Tasty , 
nutritious cuisine, all you can eat 
salad bar ... Choices 554-FOOD. 
(20% discount wI UCSD 10). (9/24-
11 /30) 

Appl ications for Revelle College 
Committee appointments are due 
today at 4 p.m. in the Revelle College 
Provost Office. Don't lorget to apply! 
(10/5) 

CLASSIFIEDS 11 

DON'T WALK ALONEI! The UCSD 
Police Department offers a 
Community Service Officer (CSO) 
Escort Program. CSOs are available 
to escort individuals on campus from 
5:30 p.m. to 1 :00 a.m. seven days a 
week including vacations and 
holidays. Justca1l534-WALK on any 
pay phone or 4-WALK from on-
campus phones, YOUR SAFETY IS 
OUR FIRST CONCERN. (1011-10/5) 

A campus Memorial Service for 
Pro lessor Charles Thomas will be 
held lor the University community on 
Friday, October 5, at 4 p.m. at the 
Price Center Theater on the UCSD _ 
campus. (10/5) 

Did you see the Costa Verde FREE 
LUNCH DEAL? When you spend $50 
- anywhere in the mall , (yes even 
groceries at Big Bear) in the month of 
October, you get a $5 lunch FREE! 
(10/5-10/19) 

We wish the Greek system a fun and 
successful Fall rush ! Best of luck-
KKG. (10/5) 

RUSHING? Catch the Green Wave. 
Come by the Delta Sigma Phi booth 
for more info!!! (10/5) 

Come start a tradition ! 1 st Annual 
Warren TG is TODAYI Enjoy root 
beer, ice cream, music, and more! 
4:30-6 :00 at Warren Commons. Be a 
part of UCSD's newest tradition. (10/ 
5) 

T rish - Getting a personal here is a 
lot more safe than the K, ya' think? 
Hiatus looks pretty good, guess they 
didn't need you anyway. Say "hi" to 
Morrissey for us! - GBH and the G 
(10/5) 

Captain Nemo - Tonight would be 
good. Where's your wet suit? Imp. 
(1 0/5) 



• 

12 SPORTS 

w. V-BALL 
Continued from page 14 

And Wedne day night, the 
Tri tons showed just how good a 
tean1 they are. 

In the first game it looked like it 
might be a tight match as the Eagles 
jumped to a 3-0 lead against the 
sluggish Tritons. 

At that point, Dannevik yelled 
off the bench, "Hey, I'm getting 
impatient. " 

The Tritons got the message 
loud and clear, and came charging 
back. 

With freshman Julie Fabian 
setting in her first start, and j uniors 
Vikki Van Duyne and Elizabeth 
Tan supplying the power, the Tri-
tons broke the Eagles' pirit and 
roared to a 15-7 win. 

Game one proved to be the most 
exciting of the short evening, as 
the next two games were com-
pletely one-sided. 

UCSD stuff-blocked, power-
spiked, and aced its way to two 
lopsided victories. 

The Triton server , led by 
backrow specialist Elizabeth 
Banez (five aces), were unstop-

pable, coring on 17 ace . 
Atone point in the second game, 

Banez served up eight straight 
points. 

Meanwhile, with Van Duyne 
(10 kills, four blocks), and fresh-
man Jennifer Cross (five kills, three 
blocks) tanding tall at the net, 
UCSD stopped the Eaglt-~ cold, 
not allowing them to generate any 
offense. 

That might be due in pan to 
Biola competing without its top 
outside hiner and starting setter, 
who have been out for several 
matches with inj uries. 

Offense wasn't a problem for 
UCSD, as the Tritons de troyed 
Biola. 

Behind thehittingofVan Duyne 
and Tan (who celebrated her 21 st 
birthday with seven kills and a 
block), was the setting of Fabian. 

Fabian, replacing injured starter 
and fellow freshman Amy Bana-
chowski. seemed to be everywhere. 
Not only setting, but blocking at 
the net, and digging behi nd the line 
as well. 

Dannevik had nothing but 
praise for the young star. "She 
played great. Although she was 
worried, I knew she'd play well." 

The UCSD Guardian Friday, October 5, 1990 

Brien Morrll/Guardian 

The Tritons's front row of (left to right) junior Liz Vesanovic, freshman middle blocker Jennifer Cross, 
and junior Vikki Van Ouyne stuff Biola's Oaune/Ie Carter on this trip/e-block, and repeatedly denied 
the Eagles any offensive opportunity by combining more than half (eight) of the team's 15 blocks. 

W. POLO 

This semester, take some electives 
in communications. 

Continued from page 14 
games in the last month) Triton 
Head Coach Denny Harper's team 
has been chomping at the bit for a 
chance to finally play in front of 
the hometown crowd since school 
began. 

IntroducingA1&T 
Student Saver Plus. 

This year it'll be easier 
to get through college, 
Because A1M has put 
together a program of 
products and services 

that can save 
you money 
Whether 

you live 
on or off 

campus. 

Keep your 
roommates 
in line. 

We!1 separate 
your long distance 
calls from your 
roorrunates' calls 
with AJ&r Call 
Manager: And well 
do it for tire. 

You don't need 
to wait till spring 

to get a break. 
With the AT&T Rau:b 

Out' America Pfan', youll 
get savings 24 hours a day. 

7 days a week. Including 
?JJ6 off our already low 

evening prices':' 

--. 
_ . 

-
~ 

-:::~ :; · -~ -~ _ .... 
. 

- -
, ... 

- · --_. 
- , 

----

_. 

-· --
_. 

.- .. : -~ . ......... ., 

M.'" : ~ : ~ ... 
,..*- ~ ; 
-*"" 

-

.. 
. 

. 
~ 

.'. 

60 minUtes of 
long distance. 
fur free. 
Movies. Videos. 
And more. 
furless. 

To enroll in the JU&T Stu· 
dent Saver Plus programs that 
are right for you, or to get the 
best value in long distance ser-
vire, call us, They just might 
be the most profitable electives 
youll ever take. 

1800654-0471 ExL1230 
~ Helping make 
college life a little easier. 

.~htc~e . 

"This is (essentially] the home 
opener of our season," Harper 
stated. 

"Based on our recent strong 
performances, we feel that we 're 
really going to play well (tonight l." 

The Tritons have never lost to 
the Lions, having prevailed in 23 
consecutive matches, and Harper 
feels that trend will definitely 
continue. 

"Even though they (Loyola] 
have improved over last year, I 
would be very surprisedifwe don 't 
beat them," Harper noted. 

This Sunday, the Tritons will 
continue their three-game mini-
home stand against WWPA 
[Western Water Polo Association] 
rival Cal State University Los An-
geles. 

The showdown versus lhe lOth-
ranked Golden Eagles al high noon 
promises to be quite a shootout 
indeed. 

"Even though we've lost twice 
to them (9-7 and 8-3, respectively 
this seasonl, it isn't as if we can't 
play with them," Harper said. 

"If we playas well as we have at 
times this year, I believe that we 
can beat them." 

Harper also poinled out that this 
probably won't be the last time the 
Tritons and the Golden Eagles will 
face each other this season. 

He fully expects to have to beat 
the Golden Eagles in order for his 
team to capture its third consecu-
tive WWPA championship (No-
vember 9-11) at Qaremont Col-
lege. 

"If we keep improving like we 
have been recently, come No-
vember we should really be in a 
good position to win the WWPA 
again," Harper said. 

Harper noted that he saw the 
most improvement of the season in 
the final game of the Nor-Cal 
Tournament at Stanford last 
weekend. 

UCSD lost 9-4 to UC Berkeley 
to drop its record to 2- 16. 

Friday, October 5,1990 

M.SOCCER 
Continued from page 14 
games. 

Itdoesn' ttakea Newton or an Einstein 
to point out that you can't win a game 
when you don ' t score. 

And that's the reason Head Coach 
Derek Armstrong doesn't mince words 
when asked about his club's achilles heel. 

"Scoring. We ' re not going to have the 
19-9oal scorer ... We can only hope we 
can get (some offensel from all areas . 
Hopefully, we'll have three or four eight-
goal scorers this year," he said. 

Two of those scorers are Hkely to be 
defender Mike Gerhardt and forward Mike 
Albert , who are one-two in total points 
for the Tritons. Gerhardt leads the team in 
goals with six. 

If the missing spark is found, itis likely 
to be from forwards Chris Hanssen and 
Chris Romey, or midfielder Jarret 
Stevenson. 

Also on the offensive side of the baH, 
freshmen Kevin Legg and 6'6" Ryan 
Nulling have shown promise. 

"They've been excellent," Armstrong 
said. 

Not quite as excellent as the defense, 
however. The defense has been nothing 
short of brilliant. Gerhardt stepped in at 

The UCSD Guardian 

the open spot left by the graduation of All-
American Mike Bradley, and the Tritons 
haven't missed a beat. 

Gerhardt, Alex Savala, Sean West, 
Wallace Whittier, Marc Melnik, and goalie 
Brian Siljander have shut out eight oppo-
nents, including s ix straight before a 2-0 
loss to Westmont College on Sept. IS. 

For the immediate future, the defen e 
would seem solid. The offense, however, 
had better shift it into high gear in ahurry. 
The next four games could determine the 
Tritons' fate, and they can't afford to be 
shutdown. 

"The year's on the line the next seven 
days," Armstrong said. 

In those seven days, the Tritons will 
face rival power CSU San Bernardino, 
Division n CSU Stanislaus, Cal Poly 
Pomona, and Westminster College (UT). 

Armstrong is both confident and cau-
tious. 

" If we can get through the next seven 
days , then we can start looking 
around ... [Butl apart from the USD game, 
we haven't seemed to do well in big 
games," he said. 

If the Tritons come out unscathed, 
they can start thinking about their eighth 
straighttrip to the regionals. Thenational 
champs two years ago, UCSD was ousted 
in the national semifinals last year by 
Elizabethtown . 

STREAK: Volleyball Preview 
ContInued from page 14 
UCSD H ead Coach Doug Dannevik 
claims that, "It won't be that easy this 
time." 

Cal Poly is currently ranked second 
nationally in Division n, and Dannevik 
feels thatthe match will definitely test the 
Tritons' mettle. 

8-0 record versus Division m teams this 
season. 

Already considered an easier match 
than Cal Poly, the Leopards are al 0 
limping in to town without their top out-
side hitter. 

SPORTS 13 

Saturday's match with western region 
rival La Verne will challenge the Tritons' 

Injuries are sti ll affecting UCSD's 
starting lineup as julie Fabian will handle 
the setting duties for UCSD once again. 

Both matches are scheduled for 7 p.m. 
Brian Morris/Guardian 

Senior goalie Brian Siljancier anchors the Triton defense, which has eight shutouts. 

[f) [}{] a [l [J ~ 
PRIME 
PICKS 

BY PHIL GRUEN 

PHIL'S RECORD IS 1-0 

AL CHAMPIONSHIP SERIES 
FAVORITE 
OAKLAND 

LINE 
*2 games 

UNDERDOG 
BOSTON 

ONE PICK PENDING: REDS IN NLCS 

PHIL 'S ANALYSIS . .. Two years ago, the situation was similar. IL was the A's vs. the Red Sox in the playoffs, with 
Boston holding the home field advantage. The four games were relatively close, but the bottom line was that the A's 
won all of them. Now, two years later, the teams meet again - both boasting somewhat more powerful rosters. Both 
have gained significant players since '88; the Red Sox now have Peiia, Brunansky, and Reardon, while the A's have 
added Baines and McGee. But the Red Sox lost Bruce Hurst, and the A's have gained Rickey Henderson, which makes 
all the difference in the world. Henderson was a one-man wrecking crew in last year's postseason against both the 
Blue Jays and the Giants. Clemens may be healthy, but the American League All-Stars from Oakland have little reason 
to be frightened. I know, I know - baseball's a funny game where anything can happen, but baseball is not comical 
enough to give the Red Sox much of a chance. The A's have too much power, speed, and pitching for the Red Sox 
and, well, just about any team in the history of baseball. Barring another major, major team collapse (yes, I recall the 
'88 Series, which still huns), this thing may be over before it begins. Understandably, PHIL advises that you . .. 

TAKE THE DEFENDING CHAMPS 
• Offlcia.llinc from OWO'IU pwytr. Short 00&. CA 

Your Name 
Should Have 
Been Here! 

But it still could be. 

If you're interested in 
being a sports writer, 
contact the Guardian 
Sports Department 

Just call 534-6582 for 
more information. 

Ask for Dana, Les, or Pete 

Feel free to leave a 
message 

Cosmetic & Family 
DENTISTRY 

2nd ANNIVERSARY SPECIALS 

WI ASKED 1DI UCSD STUDENTS 
"Would Vou Rather Go To 

A SPEEDY Coin Wash 
Of a Non· Speedy Com Wash, 

100% AGREED 

Beech 

Take the bite out 
of your dental concerns 

274·8ITE 
214-2483 

Jinrriet :J. Sefi(ill, 'f).M.'£). 
CHAMPUS & most 
insurance accepted 
Alter work / After class 

and Saturday appolnlments 

4453 Cisiffnwnt MtISa BIrd. 
(corner of Genesee) 

Golden Hall Hair Design 
for men and women 

COMPLETE HAIRCUT 
549-4514 Reg. $10.50, now only $800 

Ja(}f(,(ei;~e-IVcllk 
.HI&. Now Onlv 

Full Set Tip Acrylic ...... ...... $35 .. ... $19.99 
Fill Acrylic .... ..................... $15 .. ... $1l..99 
Rber Glass ...................... $40 ..... $25.99 
Silk .......... ................. ...... $40 ..... $24.99 

7190 M":lmar Rd I behind Ktlntuck y Fried Chicken) 549-0382 



14 SPORTS 

• A Night to 'Dye' for with 
Women's Volleyball Team 

Thing should be real colorful in the 
UCSD Main Gym this Saturday night, if 
all goes according to plan for the 7 p.m. 
women' volleyball match with rival La 
Verne. 

For the first time anywhere in the 

MATCH PREVIEW: Tritons vs. 
Pomona and La Verne/14 

United States, acollegiate volleyball team 
will be sporting tie-dyed game jersey 
- and that team will be the Triton . 

In preparation for the match, UCSD 
players and coache have been preview-
ing practice hirts with the 'v' - haped 
blue and gold design around campus for 
everal week . 

Triton Head Coach Doug Dannevik 
claims that,"We've had a lot of people 
commenting on how much they like 
them." 

The Triton are inviringalI those who 
attendtocornedre edin ti e-dyed for the 
special occasion. 

All spectators wearing tie-dye attire 
will receive a coupon good for a free 
piece of pizza from the Bull 's Eye Tav-
ernIRound Table Pizza at the Price 
Center. 

Friday's volleyball game v. Cal Poly 
Pomona will be broadcast at 8 p.m. on 

a tape-delay basis by KSDT. 

SCORES AND STATS 
Scores and statistics for UCSD athletic 
event for the period of 9-28 to lOA 

WOMEN'S SOCCER 
(7·1-1, ranked ..c:ond nationally) 

UCSD 1 Chapman 0 
Goals: l.mdsay (Shea) 25:00 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 
(20-5, ranked ftrs1 nationally) 

UCSO d CSU Los Angeles 15-3. 11-15. 8-15. 
15-7. 15-5 
Chapman d. UCSO 15-10, 15-7, 10-15. 15-12 
UCSDd. Biola 15-7, 15·3, 15-4 

MEN'S WATER POLO 
(2-16) 

Brown 9 UCSD 7 
PaCIfIC 10 UCSD 2 
Fresno Stale 9 UCSD 8 
CaJ9 UCSD 4 
Goals: Nutting (Lew) 68:56, Gerhardt (powell) 89~2 

UPCOMING EVENTS 
HOME EVENTS IN BOLD 
Games frOm 10-5 \0 10-11 

CROSS COUNTRY 
Saturday. 5 p.m .• at Stanford InvHational 

MEN'S SOCCER 
Sunday. 1 p.m., at CSU San Bernardino 
1IcIII*y,3 p.m., v.. CSU StanI ...... 
Wed""'y,4 p.m., VI. c.I Poly Pomona 

WOMEN'S SOCCER 
Sunday, 11 a.m •• at UC Irvine 
Wedneaday,2 p.m .. VI. CIII Poly p~ 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBAll 
Tonight, 7 p.m., v .. CIII Poly Pomona 
SIIlurcMy, 7 p.m., v.. La V_ 
WedneIdey, 7 p.m., VI. PoInt Loma Nazarane 

MEN'S WATER POLO 
FrIcMy,7 p.m., VI. Loyola ... rymount 
Sunday, noon, YI. long a..c:tt St. 
Wednnclay, 7 p.m., VI CSU loa AngeMI 

INTERCOLLEGIATE TEAM MEETlNGS 
TENNIS (M): Wed .• Oct. 10.5 p.m .. Davis/RIverside 
Room, Coach Jon Hammermeister. 534-6583 
TENNIS (W): Wed .• Oct. 10.4 P m . DaVIS/RiverSIde 
Room, Coach LIZ LaPlante, 534-6583 
WATER POLO (W): Wed . October 17, 2 p.m., 
Canyonview Pool, Coach Denny Harper, 534-6037 

EXTRAMURAL TEAM MEETINGS 
WATERSKI TEAM: Monday, October 8,8 p.m .• Ate 
Conf.rence Room 
ICE HOCKEY TEAM: Monday, October 8, 7 p.m .• HSS 
2150 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Friday, October 5,1990 

Time Will Tell 
After Triton Win 
• Women's volleyball took fate into its 
own hands by challenging historically-
based superstition with a three-game 
victory over Biola 
By Doug Shaddl. 
Staff Writer 

What do you do ifthere 's a superstition hanging overyour head? 
Well, if you're the UCSD women's volleyball team, you pull it 

down to where it's staring you in the face. 
Which is exactly what the Tritons did Wednesday night as they 

destroyed Biola UniverSi ty, 15-7, 15-3, 15-4. With the victory, 
UCSD improved to 20-5, while the NALA Eagles fell to 8-10 on the 
eason. 

On the road to winning their sixth Division III National 
Championship, the Tritons must now overcome yet another another 
obstacle; the superstition that every year ince 1983 UCSD beat 
Biola during the regular season, it failed to win the championship. 

Triton Head Coach Doug Dannevik isn't going to worry about 
it. 

"That's something you don't think about until after the season," 
Dannevik said. "Right now we're good enough to win Nationals 

Brian Morris/Guardian despite the superstition." 
Freshman setter Julie Fabian had 32 assists in her first start. See W. V-BALL, Page 12 

1990 FALL SPORTS PREVIEW - FOURTH IN A SERIES 

'The Year's 
On the Line' 
• For the· men's soccer team, the 
next seven days could determine 
whether 1990 will be a success 
By Peter Ko 
Associate Sports Editor 

Pittsburgh is not the only place desperately search-
ing for an offen e. No, sir. There's a pretty intense 
search for some of the Big 0 on UCSD's own North 
Campus Recreation Area. 

The men's soccer team is looking under every nook 
and cranny, and parting every blade of grass in search 
of (he rni sing piece which will jumpstart a potentially 
explosive, but oft-sputtering, attack. 

The numbers would seem to indicate otherwise, as 
the Tritons have outscored opponents 27 -3 in 10 games. 
But numbers can lie. 

The truth is the offen e scored 13 of those goals in 
only two games, and it has been completely hut down, 
and hutout, in three of the 10 games. Not coinciden-
tally, the Tritons (8-2-1) have failed to win those three 

See M. SOCCER, Page 13 

Division III Win 
Streak at Stake 
• Preview: Volleyball aims 
for ninth straight victory 
By Dana Chaiken 
Sports Editor 

All eyes are looking toward the colorful 
ites on Saturday night. 

All except those of the members of the 
U SD women ' volleyball team - who 
aren ' t daring to look pa t Friday night ' 
match with al Poly Pomona. 

Rlmas, Uzglrls/Guardlan 
Mike Lodoen (5) returns to the Triton lineup after a year abroad. 

Hoping for 'Home 
Sweet Home' 
• Preview: Water polo 
tries to break losing streak 
By Le. Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

There's no place like home, there's no 
place like home ... 

The UCSD men' water polo team has 
been fidgeting in its proverbial ruby Iipper 
looking forward to tonight' return home to 
play th Loyola Marymount Lions (7 p.m. at 
Canyonview Pool). Although the Tritons wept the Bron os 

in two games to capture the Christ Colleg 
of Irvine Tournament to open the sea on, 

See STREAK, Page 13 
Rlmas Uzglrls/Guardian 

Triton middle blocker Jennifer Cross. 

After enduring a eemingly unending 
tring of road matche (14 con ecutive road 

See W. POLO, Page 12 


