
The Unfair 
Cheating Policy 

Less Than Zero: 
Cafe Japengo 

Men's Volleyball Set 
To Defend Its Title 

What if You Were Accused? Dining in the Aventine Tritons Open PCVC Tourney vs. UCSC 
Opinion, page 4 Hiatus, page H1 

The UCSD 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO VOLUME 70, NUMBER 8 

A.S. Meeting 

Third College 
Naming Crnte. 
Chooses 'King' 
By MARY BErry HEARD 
Senior SraffWriter 

The Third College Naming Committee's 
choices for renaming Third College and its 
buildings were announced at last evening's 
A.S. Council meeting. 

Specifically, the committee wishes to 
change Third College to Martin Luther King 
College, Scholars Drive to King College 
Drive, Third College Humanities Building 
and the Economics Building to Sequoia 
We t and East, Third College Residence 
Halls to Rosa Parks Residence Halls, and 
Third College Lecture Hall to Professor 
Fau tina Solis Hall. 

Gail Johnson/Guardian 
Student Bill Robi'son joins in the reading of Holocaust victims' names on Revelle 
Plaza Tuesday. In addition to the reading, a memorial service was held. 

Sports, page 14 

THURSDAY, APRIL 26,1990 

First Fighting 
Words Policy 
Charge Filed 
By CHRlS HADDOCK 
Guardianlfllern 

The University of California ' s contro-
versial seven-month-old "fighting words" 
student conduct policy will face it first test 
ever in the UC system at UCSD. 

Student Conduct Coordinator Nick 
Aguilar acknowledged he has recently proc-
essed and reviewed a case, and has passed 
on the complaint to the dean of the accu ed 
student's college. 

Aguilar aid he see the test case as a 
'positive development." 

"[With a precedent], the UC community 
can have clear guidance to know what i free 
speech and what is not free speech when a 
compelling state intere t is involved," 

See WORDS, page 7 According to a letter from Third College 
Provo t Cecil Lytle read by Vice President 
Admini trative pro Tern Ruben Duran, the 
decision to rename the I,;ollege and buildings 
is pending di cus ion with Third College 
students. 

Mexican Official Discusses 'War on Drugs' 
Martin Luther King College was the most 

popular choice in a Third College referen-
dum two weeks ago asking students for their 
preference in renaming the college. Sequoia 
and Rosa Parks were two of the other choices 
on the ballot. Faustina Solis, the other name 
mentioned in Lytle's letter, was the Third 

Fonner Ambassador Discusses America's Contribution to the Problem 

See A.S., page 3 

By ADAM LEVY 
SlaffWriter 

Calling for "collective responsibility" 
on the part of Americans, former Mexican 
Ambassador to the U.S. Hugo Margain em-
phasized a need to curb American demand 

UCSD Equipment in Space 
Telescope Flies on Shuttle 

The Hubble Space Telescope, a telescope containing an instrument which was 
designed and constructed at UCSD, went into space Tuesday in the cargo bay of the 
space shuttle Discovery as it lifted off from Kennedy Space Center. 

Several members ofUCSO's Center for Astrophysics and Space Sciences, which 
helped design the Faint Object Spectograph (FOS), watched the launch Tuesday 
morning via a live satellite feed from a NASA satellite. 

The other members of the team observed the shuttle launch from Goddard Space 
Hight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, where they have been conducting remote 
operating simulations of the telescope for the last six months in preparation for its 
launch. 

The FOS was designed to detect the physical state and chemical composition of 
very faint objects, such as quasars, at the fringes of the observable universe. Astrono-
mers say that the data gathered by the telescope will help them gauge the age and fate 
of the universe. 

The re olving power of the telescope has been compared to the ability to 
distinguish a car's right headlight from its left at a distance of 2,500 miles. The FOS 
will also be able to distinguish the type of filament used in the headlight by chemical 
analysis through light spectrum analysis procedures. 

The FOS weighs about 700 pounds and is about the size of a telephone booth. 
Designers compare the overall size of the telescope to that of a passenger bus. 

The telescope had originally been slated to go into orbit in 1986, but after the 
explosion of the space shuttle Challenger, it was mothballed in a dust-free "clean 
room." The telescope was removed from the room six months ago. 

The UCSD team developed all the software and hardware for controlling and 
gathering data from the FOS: The data will be gathered at Goddard Flight Center. 

The team of engineers and programmers from UCSD will remain at the mission 
operations center at Goddard for 90 day after the launch to direct the "orbital 
verification" of the instrument, to make sure that the telescope i properly aligned in 
space. After thi i done, the telescope will begin to perfonn its mission. 

for drugs in a lecture at the Price Center on 
Tuesday. 

Margain began by discussing a 1988 U.N. 
conference in Vienna focusing on the world-
wide drug problem that was attended by 160 
nations. The conference culminated in the 
signing of a treaty, and then discussion 
ensued on where to place the blame for the 
international drug problem. 

Margain, who represented Mexico at that 
conference, said it was the first time the 
major powers of the world "agreed that the 
production, consumption, and trafficking 
[of drugs] is a link that we cannot separate." 
Before this point, he aid, there was no 
commitment to a crackdown on drug con-
sumption. 

Margain argued that his country is not to 
blame for drug problems in America. 

"The war is in the U.S., not in Mexico," 
he continued. "It is the cities of the U.S. 
where drug traffickers control too much ter-
ritory ." 

Margain went on to point out the hypoc-
risy in blaming Mexico for drug traffic when 
California itself is one of the major produc-
ers of marijuana in the world. He al 0 ug-
gested that the American drug culture is re-
inforced by Hollywood production and pub-
lications such as High Times magazine. 

Using a conciliatory tone. Margain re-
peatedJy said that Mexico was "very will-
ing" to cooperate in the fight again t drug 
trafficking. He said he could not understand 
why Mexico' conduct has been continuaJly 
reprimanded by American pre idents. 

"The [U.S.] executive power has aid. 
every year, 'I am not pleased with Mexican 
conduct,' "he aid. 

America' first oven attack on the Mexi-
can drug trade, "Operation Intercept," oc-
curred in 1969 under Pre ident Richard 
Nixon. The operation attempted to eaJ off 

American borders to drugs. The failure of 
this attempt led to "Operation Coopera-
tion," a bilateral agreement which Margain 
helped forge that allowed American drug 
experts to work in Mexico. 

"Since then the Drug Enforcement 
Agency has been working in Mexico," 
Margain said. 

He was quick to point out that Mexico is 
a overeign nation and will not tolerate 
intervention. 

"We are again t Drug Enforcement 
Agency (DEA) agents working in Mexico," 
Margain aid. He added that Mexican law is 
often violated during U.S . crackdowns on 
suspected drug traffickers. 

Margain discus ed a recent uproar in 
Mexico involving a Guadalajaran gynecolo-
gist, Humberto Alvarez Marchain, who was 
detained on April 2 without a warrant, alleg-
edly for drug involvement. and had his house 
broken into. Marchain was then brought to 
El Paso, Texas. 

According to Margain, Mexican authori-
ties want Marchain back. Margain aid that 
detaining Marchain without a warrant i a 
violation of both the American and Mexican 
con titutions. 

Instead of DEA agent • Margain ug-
gested that a more active role for the U.S. 
would be to provide Mexico with technical 
help and advice but leave the prosecution of 
drug dealers to Mexican authoritie . 

"In tead of a bilateral under tanding. it ' 
much better to have a multilateral under-
tanding ... let u call UN e pert ," he aid. 

Margain went on to call for the help of 
bank in expo ing money gained through 
drug . He criticized the practice of bank 
ecrecy which, he aid. allow drug king-

pin to launder money through anonymou 
bank account . 

ee DRUG page 13 



n 

/ ""\ 

~i'1f"UCSD NEWS 
'" / 
UCSD Open House Set for Sunday 

UCSD will hold its annual Open House celebration 
this weekend, with events potlighting each of the five 
colleges. 

On Sunday, Revelle College will spon or its annual 
Renai ance Faire in the Warren Quad, complete with 
Maypole dancers, armored knights in tournament combat 
matches, jugglers, and a marketplace faire . In addition to 
Open House festivities, Revelle will host its 25th anniver-
sary celebration on Revelle Plaza on Saturday, followed 
by an anniversary dinner and a pit dance. 

Third College's contribution to Open House will be a 
cultural celebration located between Peterson Hall and 
the Faculty Club. The celebration will include a Native 
American an exhibit, Taiko drummers, dancers, and 
African-American jazz troupes. 

In keeping with its international focus, Fifth College 
will present a "World's Fair" featuring artifacts, music, 
and educational events based on the theme "Your Pass-
port to the Future." The "World's Fair" will be located in 
the International Center. 

Warren College's presentation of "Educating 
Tomorrow's Leaders Today" will focus on a game of 
Jeopardy! about UCSD, as well as other activities held 
north of the Price Center, near the Engineering Building. 

Visitors will have a chance to walk in Muir College's 
"Wild World" and hear about the history of llamas, view 
a student photo exhibit, enjoy folk and square dancing 
exhibitions, and try their hand at candlemaking. Muir's 
event will take place on the lawn by the Sun God. 

The Price Center will showcase the talents of UCSD 
students and staff with group such as jazz and wind 
ensembles and the gospel choir. The Medical School will 
offer a demonstration of its Life Flight helicopter. 

All events will be held on Sunday from noon until 5. 

Ground Broken on Weiss Forum 
Officials from both UCSD and the La Jolla Playhouse 

broke ground at the future site of the Mandell Weiss 
Forum on Monday . 

The Forum, adjacent to the Mandell Weiss Theater, 
will be pan of UCSD 's Mandell Weiss Center for the 
Performing Ans. 

The Forum will be a 400-seat theater, designed so that 
the audience surrounds the stage on three sides. Like the 
Mandell Weiss Theater, the Forum will be shared by the 
UCSD Theater Department and the La Jolla Playhouse, 

Calvin and Hobbes 
GOODf'I£9'. W~~1 
w-I'PE £\)" i()\J 
W£R£ OOL~ OJT 
i\\E~ ~ !l.1l-\IlTt • 

'1O\l'RE l\JC\(.~ 1\-(1).1 GIRLS 
OOIH \\~~ \0 N T uP 'fool I nl 
11\1", NO~<)£t-\S£ . IF 1\ 
(jIRL \)()ESN T WAN, TO 
!\M ~C;. ~1>.1 <; ~ Il-\'<. ' 

and will replace the mailer Warren Theater. 
The Forum building was de igned by Antoine Pre-

dock, the winner of numerous major design competitions. 
The Forum will feature a wall of reflective glass that will 
mirror the eucalyptus grove surrounding the building. In 
addition to a theater facility, the building will house a 
rehearsal hall and dressi ng rooms. 

The festivities took place on the 99th birthday of 
Mandell Weiss, whose donations of$I.2 million and$I.3 
million have helped fund both the Weiss Theater and the 
new Forum. The Forum will be completed and dedicated 
one year from Monday, on Weiss ' lOOth birthday. 

New Volunteer Positions Announced 
The Volunteer Connection at UCSD has announced 

two new volunteer positions for interested students. 
Volunteers are needed to usher for the La Jolla Sym-

phony Concert inMandeville Hall on Saturday, May 19at 
7:30 p.m. and Sunday, May 20 at 2:30 p.m. 

The Mission Bay Park Children's Festival is seeking 
volunteers in a variety of areas. The Festival began 
yesterday and will continue through this Sunday. 

In addition to these two opportunities, the Volunteer 
Connection is seeking students to be part of its staff in the 
fall. For inforn1ation about working for the Volunteer 
Connection or about any of the above opportunities, call 
534- 1414. 

CWDTo Present Animal Rights Film 
The Committee for World Democracy will present 

another in its series of political films this friday. "The 
Animals Film," directed by Myriam Alaux and Victor 
Schonfeld, discusses the treatment of animals in factory 
farn1s, pet shops, on the street, in the wild, and in research 
laboratories. 

The film will be shown in TLH 107 at 7 p.m. on Friday. 
Admission is free . 

c. UCNEWS ) 
UCR Moves Closer to Rec Facility 

RIVERSIDE- Members ofUC Riverside's Recrea-
tion Facility Referendum Committee have arrived at a 
final proposal for a recreation facility referendum, to be 
voted on by UCR students in elections on May 8-9. 

The proposal, introduced by ASUCR External Presi-
pent John Leyman and passed by the board last Wednes-
day, suggests the formation of a student governing board, 
consisting of three undergraduates and three graduate 

BIli IF " GUY OOtsN, Sl"t.tlO 
\lIS r..H Wf'lCOOS C\\I\SINIj 

~£ Si\JPI\) BP.I.L , \\E'S 
e A\.lU "'f(Il<\P.' "O\l GIRlS 

\-II>.~ \I [ 1>.5'1' 

by Bill Watterson 

1 GIlESS '14£ CAt-I ~o~H 
\1"'~II"-IG i'. IIIllllClW>,IQ£ 
BA':£81>.~L PLl>.~ER SIlPPoRt 
1l'S IN ()'JR OLD r..(;£ 

IF '1(1) Sf'I()R£ , 
1"111 TIL T\I~Er 
nI( BE\) ':I:) 
'feN ~ Q\lf 
If'''- '/IIN\X)W . 

liS A~W"iS 
NIC~ TO 
\1"'~E t\ 

s l101I'MI1E1K. 
FRIOIO ~ 
fA\.\( TO 

students appointed by the AS UCR and the UCR Graduate 
Student Association. 

]n addition, Leyman's proposal suggests the appoint-
ment of a full-time, salaried director for the facility. The 
director would be an employee of ASUCR, but would 
report directly to the governing board. 

While student committee members supported hiring a 
director, university administrators were hesitant, instead 
favoring placing the Recreation and Intramural Depart-
ment in charge of the facility . 

The May referendum on the facility will not simply be 
a yes/no vote. Students who vote in favor of the facility 
will then vote for either a $59 per quarter fee increase or 
a $69 per quarrer fee increase. Students would begin 
paying in the fall of 1993, when the facility is scheduled 
to open. 

UCSB Fraternity Members Charged 
With Singing Violent, Sexist Songs 

SANTA BARBARA - Approximately 70 students 
rallied in front of UCSB' Phi Sigma Kappa house las 
Wednesday morning, charging that a collection of songs 
linked to the chapter promised "blatant glorification of 
rape and violence against women." 

Three women called a press conference in front of the 
chapter to expose songs that they claimed were used by 
the UCSB fraternity, but Phi Sig members have denied 
that the songs are theirs. 

"It 's slander, is basically what it is," Phi Sig Vice 
President Mike Jacoby said. 

Protest organizers said they did not intend to single out 
the fraternity, but hoped to make an example of the 
ideologies perpetuated in the Greekcommunity and force 
the university to address the matter. 

The songs in question included the stanza: "He got up 
from the desert floor and gave that bitch a wack [sic]/and 
with his trusty cowboy boot he kicked her in the crack/he 
pistle [sic] whipped her once or twice and shit in both her 
eye's [sic)/the moral of the story is DON'T FUCK WITH 
PHI SIG GUYS!" 

Fraternity members complained ofbeing attacked when 
they feel that they are not solely to blame. 

"Guys get singled OUt for this, being sexist. But the 
whole serenade thing, it's not that sorority songs are void 
of certain connotations, but basically it's on both sides. 
Traditionally, guys take the brunt of the abuse," Phi Sig 
member Dustin Salem said. 

"1 think the sorority songs are much moreexplicil," Phi 
Sig affiliate member Sam Levitz said. 

-Compiled by Catherine Dille, News Editor 
and Jason Snell, Associate News Editor 

GTheUCSD DAR DIAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In ChIIIf 
ROBIN MAC LEAN, ".""glng Editor 
ANTON BITTNER, Ne_ EdltDr 
BEN BOYCHUK, ,u.acJa/e Opinion Editor 
DAVID BURKHART, OpInion Edilor 
DANA CHAIKEN, Spotf8 Editor 
JAMES COLUER, Futu,.. Edllor 
CATHERINE DILLE, New. Editor 
RANDY DOTINGA, Copy Editor 
DOREEN ERENEA, Auoc/a/e FNlu,.. Edllor 
LARA HEISLER, AasQcIa/e ArlslEn/ertaln"..,,' Editor 
PATRICIA JETTIE, ArtWEntartalnmenl Edl/or 
GAIL JOHNSON, A.soc"". Pholo Editor 
PETER KO, A .. oclal. Sports Edilor 
HELENA LENG LOH, Assoclal. Arts/Enl.rta/nmenl Edilor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Editor 
JASON SNELL, Anoclat. Newa Editor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, A.aoclata ArtWEn/ertalnmenl Editor 
RlMAS UZGlRts, Pholo EdltDr 
se...o, SIll! Wrtlln: Md,. AdIeman, Mary Betty Heard, Christina Huizar, Brian 
'lOW. David Wyner 
SIltlW~"':JohnAsuncion. M~. Berta, Walle! Bitts, Eric BrotIo.lM Bluvold, ScoIt 
Casmer, Plen. do Galtando. MelInda Hamilton. Jule Helmltr. Grac. L", hIam 
LW(, Oavel.i1dslrom.JarrofS Mulliner. Josh Odintz. Mllie Pa.lomIk. David Policha. 
Mat1hew Rasband. Tom Rizzuti. Ard<aw Robbins. Matt Roc:tios. Dobbie R_. 
La ROlenman. Srinalh Sanda. Michael Schwartz. Doug~. Linda Spharter, 
Ctwis Stails. Jean Suz,*i, Kevin T _. Neola Whitehoad, Jeff Yamaguchi 
Photog .... : Mchaal_, G,og Bones, Jem"., Kolsky, Ccry l.idIcIIn. Ed lin. 
f,ri Lum. Sue Mapes, Brian Morris. JaHTlt Muldoon. John Ovrant. Darryl V". 
Felix Zuniga 
_ : Mike C.vna.MIIo Cooper. Tony fueol ••• Carin lAw. Mel Marcelo, Leigh 
Anno~, Katy Roe, Ty' .... Tripoli 
Typ\IIs: I.ar!y BachatIch, KaI1 Bicl<1II. Mllissa fawl • .JIm Mullinlf 
Capy ,...,.: Holy Cooper. Grog Hults"""", Julio Puzon. JoQie 5pr1nger 
ProduclIon: Tracy Or ..... Grace CIlIi. MeInda Hamiloo. Jeff Yamaguchi 
T ........ '*-: Setl SlIter, Oavid Wyner 

BOB DeANDAEA, Bu."". """'~r 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AdvMl./ng Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AdvMl.'ng 0..19"'" 
E. LEIGH HENRY, ClllNIfIad ".",..."taUva 
Accounl ( __ .. : David Wyner 
AdvlrtlIing _I: L ...... BeIor9t 
CIn:uIatIon: Jo/WI DIndo, Joe Let, Michelle ~ 
TIIIUCSDar..dirnl&pt.ClIisho<IlIorday.andTluS<llysdUMJltlellCldtmlcy .. byand 
torltle ._oIUCSO. RoprOduCt<>nbllM _ilanytorm. _.,_or 
"I*\. wiIhoutptrm_ ~ stncIIy prohibited. C 1990. oil rog/1tl raMVed 
TIll UCSDGwrdiwr. no!'~ torN ,....,01 __ ,,~ or art Tho 
...... "prOlMd In ~ Ir1d S>gnId lel\trt or <OI11I11trUrits do no( _I)' 'epr,' 
.... ". opnIono 01 TIll UCSD Gu.wdow1. ". Urwtrt"l' 01 Clilornil or ". AI_ed Sill-
"'nil 01 UCSD. 

Editorial: 534-6580 Business: 534-3466 Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD Guardian, B-016, La Jolla, CA 92093 

Th\l1"sday, April 26, 1990 

A.S. 
untinued from page 1 

College provo t before Lytle. 
In other business, the A.S. 

Council allocated $300 from Gen-
eral Unallocated to the 1990-9 I 
AS. Orientation to be held Satur-
day for newly elected A.S. mem-
bers. The funds will go toward 
morning coffee and lunch for the 
panicipants. 

President-elect John Edson, the 
food bill's sponsor, said the funds 
were needed because "it i going to 
be a long meeting, so it would be 
nice to have something to eat dur-
ing the meeting." 

Christe DePagterwas appointed 
to the pOSition of sports relations 
director, a new ex-officio posi tion 
on the AS. Council. DePagter, 
whose position will be filled by a 
new person at the beginning of 
each quarter. will be responsible 
for communication between the 
AS. and UCSD athletes. 

"Athletes feel as though they 
aren't really represented by theAS 
.. . [My job] is to increasecommu-
nication between Triton Athletic 
Council and theAS ... I hope to be 
able to speak to the athletes, ask 
them what they want and relay it to 
[the A.S.)," DePagter said. 

The A.S. Council also approved 
a line item budget with an addition 
of $749 for the Sun God Festival 
last evening. According to Vice 
President External and Sun God 
Festival Committee Chair Molly 
McKay, the additional funds will 
go toward lighting, sound equip-

See A.S., page 13 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Lights & Sirens of car theft subjects on campus. Two suspects were taken in to cu tody at Lyman and Voight Dr. 
Selected entries from the UCSD Pollee log from Aprll2D-24: 
Friday, April 20 

10:30 p.m.: Damage was reported to the 11th floor of Tioga Hall due 
to the explo ion of a destructive device. 
Monday, April 23 

8:50 a .m.: A staff member reported the theft of parking meters from lot 
353. Loss: $850. 

9 :30 a.m.: A staff member reported the theft of a golf can from Soft 
Reserves. 

5 :30 p.m .. 5:50 p .m.: A 19-year-old student and a 17-year-old minor 
were cited for being minors in possession of alcohol at the TG. 
Sunday, April 22 

2:30 p .m.: A staff member reported a stolen VCR from a Warren Col-
lege Quonset Hut. 
Tuesday, April 24 

4:45 p .m.: A student reported the theft of electronic components from 
the Engineering Building. Loss: $3,650. 

8 :29 a.m.: An unknown suspect gained entry into a Mesa apartment 
and removed a water cooler and water bottles. Loss: $37. 

9:05 p .m.: Three UCSD Police units assisted the SDPD in a footchase 2:45 p .m.: A beige 1984 Toyota Celica was stolen from lot 406. 

'Study Abroad' Story Response 
In an April 23 Guardian article , information abow the Education Abroad Program (EAP) alld the 

Opportunities Abroad Program (OAP) may have been misinterpreted. Bill Clabby,an OAP adviser quoted 
in the story, made a statemem about the situation of study abroad credits at UCSD: 

As adviser at OAP, [ am concerned that students were left with the wrong impre sion after reading the 
article, "Study Abroad Leads to Lessened Credits for Some UCSD Students." 

The article begins with a frightening statement that "many students who study abroad" have trouble 
getting academic credit for their classes. What the author of this article wanted to convey was that by 
working with our office we can prevent this from happening to many students. 

We send several hundred students abroad each year on both the UC- ponsored EAP and OAP programs. 
In the caseofEAP, students earn UC credit, which means grades earned abroad figure into the UCSD GPA, 
although we require that they consult with major, minor, and college advisor to arrange for credit toward 
specific requirements. 

With OAP programs, virtually every one of the students who come to our office seeking credi t have that 
credit approved. We have them present their proposed program of study to an admissions adviser, a de-
partment adviser, an academic adviser, and a financial aid adviser where applicable as part of the pre-
departure process. III this way, they know their options and can find solutions before going abroad . 

We want to be sure students are aware of the services offered by our office, and take full advantage of 
them. We faci li tate credit transfer, and the use of financial aid while abroad for tho e who qualify. Our 
country-specific and general pre-departure orientations help students prepare and finalize their plans along 
with giving them the opportunity to talk to student returnees from the country to which they are going. 
While abroad, we send students a quarterly newsletter with pertinent UCSD information and necessary 
documents. And to ease reentry to UCSD we assist with T-Reg so they will not lose their standing in signing 
up for classes upon returning, and waive the normal $40 readmission fee if they will be gone more than 
one quarter. 

We also facilitate short-term work abroad and internships abroad for credit through our office. 
If you see an ad in the newspaper for study abroad or if you want to find out more, call the Opportunities 

Abroad Office (534-1123), visit OUI office, or come to our Resource Library at the International Center. 
The story referred to the EAP office as the EOP (Equal Opportunity Program) office. EOP has no 

affiliation with either EAP or OAP. The Guardian regrets the error. 

Apologies to 
Dr. Stuart Zola-Morgan 

The UCSD Guardian's 
advertising policy d ictates 
that no ad will be pub-
lished if the content of an 
ad attacks an individual. 

On April 23, The Guard-
ian's advertising depart-
ment mistakenly published 
an ad with derogatory 
comments directed at Dr. 
Stuart Zola-Morgan, a re-
searcher here at UCSD. 
Our sincere apologies for 
this oversight. 

Michael Fo Iks 
Advertising Manager 
UCSD Guardian 

EVERYTHING MUST GO!!! 
Thousands of items priced be/ow $15 

4 DAYS LBFT!!! 
CALIFORNIA GARMENT DISTRICT 

PRESENTS 
FACTORY OUTLET CLOTHING SALE!!! 

Over 50,000 items from Department Stores & Specialty Stores 
Reduced 50%-90% Below Retail 

BRAND NAMES CANNOT BE MENTIONED DUE TO LOW PRICES 
(also includes re-runs, over-productions & irregulars) 

Jeans ...................... $8ltt UP .Sweaters .............. $10 ltt UP •• Tops .......... .. ........... $5ltt UP 
Pants ................. ... .. $6 ltt UP • Sweats ................. $5 ltt UP •••• Shorts ............ ... ...... $4 ltt UP 

Thursday, Friday. Saturday a Sunday 
April 26 .. 29, 10 a.m ... 7 p.m . 

San Diego Convention and rerfoming Arts Center, Plaza Hall, 202 'CO St. , San Diego 
FREE ADMISSION ~ FREE DRAWING' CASH· CHECKS' VISA/ MC/ AMEX ACCEPTED 

.... IIITATU 

i 
!f 

N 

I 

I , 



4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 26, 1990 

Opinion 
UCSD GUARDIAN Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUE . Edilor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN. Managing Editor 
CATHERINE DILLE. ews Edilor 
A TON BIITNER. News Editor 
DA VID BURKHART. Opinion Edilor 

TheUCSD G,laro.a" i~publi~ t~K't ~«~I)':II tOt University ofCahfomla. S;an D,ceo. Conlent e l990. 
View c:\prtS~ hcn,n ~prc:~nllhemlJOfH)' vote: Ortheedllonal board,and arc nOI n~c~l)' l00seof.hc 
UC Board of Rcgcnb, the ASUCSD, nor.he enu~ Guardian SI:lff 

Cheating 

Unfair Inconsistencies 
What happens to a student accused of cheating? That is a 

difficult question at UCSD. According to the Student Handbook, 
the student can only be failed for the assignment which he 
cheated on. But according to Academic Senate policy, instructors 
can give the student an "F" for the entire course. 

To make matters worse, the vast majority of students have 
never seen the Student Handbook. Legal Services has a copy, and 
there are probably a few more around campus - but there are 
certainly far fewer Student Handbooks than students. 

If a student is caught cheating, he is informed of the infraction 
and punishment is proposed by the dean of the student's college. 
The student then has 10 days to protest the judgment. 

Both the discrepancy in policy and the appeal process need to 
be fixed. The problem is that a student who has no intention of 
cheating can be accused of it. 

Perhaps the accusation is mistaken. Or perhaps the student 
actually is not completely innocent. But often it is difficult to tell 
what a professor considers cheating. Is it cheating to tum to 
someone next to you in the computer lab and ask what a certain 
command 's parameters are? Is that "collaboration"? This isn't a 
clear black and white issue. 

But one thing is clear: An accusation of cheating can haunt a 
student for his entire academic career, and beyond. This issue 
needs to be handled with much more finesse. 

The appeals process should be automatic: A student should 
receive a hearing unless he requests not to have one. The student 
should not be presumed guilty. Also, the punishment should be 
failure only on the assignment the student allegedly cheated on . 
Copying a final should be dealt with more harshly than asking 
another student for help on a homework problem. 

Cheating is a serious offense and should not be tolerated. But 
because of its seriousness, it must be handled carefully, with 
protection for the falsely accused and reasonable handling of 
students who are in the gray area between proper behavior and 
cheating. 

Most of all, the policy should be consistent, and students 
should be informed of its implications. 

Animal Rights 

Unreasoning Emotion 
Last Monday, April 23, an advertisement ran in the Guardian 

paid for by a group called "San piego Animal Advocates." 
There's nothing wrong with a group buying an ad to espouse its 
point of view and to publicize a demonstration, but in this case the 
ad went too far. It attacked a UCSD scientist by name, and 
claimed his "experiments offer no benefit to human health." 
Accompanying the ad was a photograph of cuddly baby monkeys 
in a cage. 

The issue of animal rights is a complex ethical issue. Try this 
thought experiment: If you had to choose between a person dying 
and a monkey, which would you choose? What about two 
monkeys? 50? 500? It is impossible to weigh human life against 
those of animals . 

Detennining what rights animals have requires a great deal of 
thought and debate. Both sides are entrenched, and are not even 
talking compromise. More stringent oversight may be necessary 
for animal research, and perhaps some experimentation should 
be banned . 

But is this ad the right way to accomplish it? Are personal 
attacks on a scientist helpful? More importantly , appealing to 
emotion rather than reason may serve the animal rights 
movement's short tenn goals ( in this case, getting people to the 
demonstration), but it doesn't help in the long tenn . 

Emotional attacks bordering on libel have no place in a debate 
on such an important issue. The San Diego Animal Advocates 
should be ashamed of themselves. 

Animal Advertisement Was Despicable 
Editor: 

I am writing in response to an 
ad placed in the April 23 GuardialJ 
by San Diego Animal Advocates. 
an animal righls group. Let me say 
first that I respect the editors' right 
to publish any ad they want, re-
gardless of its content. 

As a graduate student doing bi-
omedical research, however, I do 
not respect the people who wrote 
the ad and paid for it. I find per-
sonal attacks despicable, and this 
one more so since Dr. Zola-Mor-
gan has not been singled out be-
cause of any flaws in his research, 
but because of his vocal defense 
of the need for animal research in 
order to save human lives. 

The ad is, in fact, a prime ex-
ample of how the animal rights 
movement tries to appeal to 
people's emotions by lying and 
distorting the truth. 

To begin with, the picture 
shows four infant monkeys hud-
dling together, contradicting the 
text which says "monkeys sit 
alone, awaiting their fate." More-
over, that picture was not taken at 
UCSD. and certainly has no rela-
tionship to Dr. Zola-Morgan's 
work at UCSD. since he has not 
used infant monkeys. 

It also has very little relation-
ship to most other animal research 
at UCSD. since a vast majority of 
it is done on rats and mice. As to 
the text, Its allegations that re-
searchers make large amounts of 
money and their experiments do 
not benefit human health are to-
tally untrue; a researcher at a 
medical school earns much less 
than a comparably qualified phy-
sician. 

The truth is, people choose this 
career because without animal 
research, there would be no polio 
vaccine, the survival rate for in-
fantile leukemia would still be 10 
percent instead of 80 percent, and 
insulin would not be available to 
help diabetics lead more normal, 
fuller Ii ves. 

BENSON 

If you really want to believe 
people who operate by distorting 
the truth and making personal at-
tacks on paid ads, please go ahead. 

But if you are interested in 
finding out the truth, talk to the 
Coalition for Animals and Ani-
mal Research (CF AAR), a UCSD 

Commentary 

student organizalion. Their mail -
box is Q-077, and they will have a 
booth (number S-I) at the UCSD 
Open House this Sunday from 12 
p.m. to 5 p.m. Please do come, 
with an open mind, and learn the 
truth about animal research. 

Pablo Alvarez 

Gorbymania Fades as 
Soviet Reforms Falter 

By BEN BOYCHUK, Associate Opinion Editor 
When Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev announced Tuesday that 

hehas decided to slow the pace of economic reforms in the Soviet Union, 
conservatives everywhere undoubtedly were saying, "We told you so." 
With recent social upheavals in various parts of the Soviet Union, most 
notably Lithuania, it comes as no surprise that Gorbachev is slowing 
down the pace of reforms. The world is finally beginning to see 
Gorbachev's true colors. 

The front page of the Tuesday, April 24 Los Angeles Times read, "The 
Kremlin heeds warning by conservatives. Radical changes postponed 
until next year. Social revolt feared." At last, people can see that 
Gorbachev's reforms are failing cat.astrophically. 

From the very beginning of Gorbachev 's rule, he was immensely 
popular in the Soviet Union and the world over. Gorbachev was a Soviet 
leader unlike any seen before: he was relatively young, charismatic, and 
seemed to offer new and radical ideas. Unlike Soviet leaders in the past, 
Gorbachev was willing to admit his nation's weaknesses, and seemed to 
be willing to offer drastic reforms in a country known for its rigidity and 
oppression. 

The world fell in love with Gorbachev. He was more popular in 
Europe and the United States than some of their own politicians. Time 
hailed him as the Man of the Year, then the Man of the Decade, a political 
·'visionary. " 

But the world was blind to the reality of Gorbachev. Richard Nixon 
explains the real motives ofGorbachev and his reforms in his 1988 book, 
1999: Victory Without War. Nixon writes, "Like other communist 
leaders, Gorbachev (is) determined, ruthless, and skilled at exploiting ... 
his own strengths . .. (and) his adversary's weaknesses." 

Nixon wrote as early as 1988 that Gorbachev's goal is "not to move 
the Soviet Union toward more freedom at home or a less aggressive 
policy abroad, but to make the communist system work better. He wants 
the system to be more efficient, not less communist." 

Certainly, any attempt by Gorbachev to make the Soviet Union less 
communist would mean his forced removal from office. Anyone who 
thinks otherwise is fooling himself. 

People are so blinded by the media hype and the public relations blitz 
that they don't think clearly. One does not assume the role of the most 
powerful man in the Soviet Union by touting radical reforms and 
heralding the end of the present system of goverment. Gorbachev is a 

See GORBACHEV, page 6 

Thursday, April 26, 1990 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

FEIFFER® 

Positively Negative Campaigning 
N EW YORK - Ifthere's one thing we all "know," it 's that politics in America has gotten too negative, right? And if you want proof, consider what's going 00 in 

Florida, where one candidate for governor appears to be making the emotional stability of 
his chief rival a campaign issue. 

That's right. A few days ago, former U.S. Senator Lawton Chiles announced he was run-

Jeff Greenfield 
Universal Press Syndicate 

ning for governor. He also acknowledged 
that he had been taking the drug Prozac as 
part of treatment for depression. 

His rival, Rep. Bill Nelson, promptly 
released an of his medical records - Flor-

ida now knows that Nelson suffers the affliction of hemorrhoids - and challenged Chiles 
to do the same. 

Instead of the usual mumbo-jumbo about how "the people of Florida must decide 
whetherthey want a wacko in the governor's mansion," Nelson said flat-outthat the mental 
and emotional health of a governor was a legitimate campaign issue. 

Pretty outrageous, right? What's that? You're not outraged? Well, neither am 1. In fact, 
I think the really outrageous aspect of debate over "negative" politics is the automatic 

Pretty outrageous, right? What's that? You're not 
outraged? Well, neither am I. In fact, I think the really 
outrageous aspect of debate over "negative" politics 
Is the automatic response of "outrage" to perfectly 
legitimate questions about our would-be leaders. 

response of "outrage" to perfectly legitimate que~tion about our would-be leaders. 
Take the issue of Lawton Chiles' emotional health. It is absolutely true that millions, 

perhaps tens of millions of us have at one time or another gone through emotional crises 
in our lives and sought professional help. 

If that's the situation former Senator Chiles found himself in, it is perfectly explainable 
to the people of Florida-or at least it should be. But if the Florida electorate is unwilling 
to accept that explanation, does that justify ignoring the issue? 

Not in my view. Chiles is asking the people of Florida to give him a substantial power 
over their lives; they have a right to know about his present physical, mental or emotional 
health. 

But suppose Chiles' opponents try to slander him, to mislead the public, to somehow 
paint him as a basket case likely. to flip out in moments of crisis? 

That would be a perfect example of the difference between legitimate and illegitimate 
"negative" campaigns. It is the differe'nce between pointing to an opponent's record and 
lying about it. 

And there's reasonable evidence that voters understand the difference. In the recently 
concluded Texas gubernatorial primary, Ann Richards refused to answer questions about 
whether she had abused drugs during her years as an alcoholic. Her opponent in the run-
off, Attorney General Jim Mattox, tried to exploit that issue by running ads that asked 
ominously whether Richards had used marijuana or cocaine in her years as a local official. 

The problem was that Mattox had no proof. The public apparently recoiled from the 
charge, and he lost the run-off in a landslide. 

This has rmplications for Florida. If the Nelson campaign raises the issue honestly and 
dispassionately, then it will be up to Lawton Chiles to put that question to rest - for 
instance, by releasing his doctors from the physician-patient bond of confidentiality and 
allowing them to answer the press's questions. 

But if the campaign of Bill Nelson insists on going for the jugular, if it tries to raise false 
innuendos about Lawton Chiles, the voters may well cry "foul" and punish the Nelson 
campaign for its excesses. 

Doe all this sound like a repugnant. "negative" campaign? To me, it sounds like a 
perfectly legitimate debate over the fitne of a candidate to hold high office. 

The UCSD Guardian 
welcomes your letters and 
commentaries. Drop your 
letter at the Guardian offices 
(on the second floor of the 
Student Center) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
Guardia", 8-016, UCSD 

La Jolla, CA 92093 

Letters should be typed, 
double-spaced, and should 
include a signature and phone 
number. We reserve the right 
to edit letters for length and 
clarity. Deadline for letters for 
Monday's issue is noon on 
Friday. Deadline for 
Thursday's issue is noon 
Monday. 

Fashionable Environmentalism 
Editor: 

As I walked through the Earth Day activities and displays at Revelle Plaza on 
Friday, I was left with a burning question: Is UCSD attempting to heighten awareness 
about environmental issues or simply trying to make a fashion statement? My 
concerns arose from the presence of vendors and others selling 1960s-inspired 
clothing and paraphernalia (tie-dyed t-shirts, incense, etc.). 

I realize that it is currently very hip among UCSD students to wear "earthy" 
clothing, but do these things have a primary place in a political and social cause? 
Friday's event implied that they do. For years, environmental issues have <been 
pigeonholed by the genera) population as belonging to a radical fringe of activists 
with lots of body hair. 

I believe that this has undermined the effectiveness of the environmental move-
menL In order to transcend the stereotypes associated with environmentalism and 
widen its base of support. fashion must be left out. It is very tempting for students to 
fall into a sort of Woodstock-inspired lovefest mentality concerning Earth Day, but 
I think that this weakens the intended credibility and effectiveness of the event, 
turning it into a costume pany. 

If environmental awareness is to be legitimized as the important national 
movement that it truly deserves to be, we rnust not confuse the real issues with a 
disposable fashion trend. 

Steven D. Lockman 

Don't Think Racism Doesn't Exist 
Editor: 

Wake up UCSD! The minute that any-
one hints at the notion that racism may 
exist, even here at UCSD, ignorant mag-
gots such as Bryan Partee start coming out 
of the woodwork to explain the situation 
"realistically" ("Camera Controversy Pa-

whites. Coincidence? Perhaps. But I ask 
you Mr. Partee, if the photographer in the 
same position had been African-American, 
do you think he/she would have been al-
lowed to take photos? I think not. The pho-
tographer stated in her letter that the press 
had already been given an opportunity to 

I ask you Mr. Partee, if the photographer in the same 
position had been African-American, do you think he/she 
would have been allowed to take photos? 

thetic," April 23). Well, Mr. Partee, I assert 
to you that your idea of "realistic" is along 
the lines of a Walt Disney movie. 

In his letter regarding the incident at the 
Spike Lee lecture, Mr. Partee verbally at-
tacks an African-American woman for at-
tempting to use her race to get a photograph 
of Mr. Lee. Partee further asserts that the 
white "blonde haired, blue-eyed" woman 
must have been a photographer, thereby 
implying that she had every right to take 
pictures in the gym. 

As I walked into the gym that evening to 
see the lecture I was confronted with a 
notice that stated "No cameras or recording 
devices allowed." Nowhere on that notice 
did it say "except for press photographers." 
1 would also like to point out that from 
where I was sitting, I could see and hear 
cameras, all of them in the po ession of 

take pictures at a press conference, so what 
more did she need? 

The incident that occurred mayor may 
not have been racial. But, Mr. Partee, I 
believe you are wmng when you write that 
"the old black woman" didn't get anything 
out of the lecture. It is you who missed the 
point that racism can take many forms, and 
just because the KKK. is not burning crosses 
on the Hump doesn't mean that racism is 
dead on this campus or anywhere. 

I do agree when you say that "getting 
what you want by using your race, or at the 
expense of another race is patheticl"That's 
exactly what has been going on in this 
country and on this campus. Get your head 
out of the hole Mr. Partee, and in tead of 
attempting to explain away racism, why 
don't you try to help aboli hit. 

Genetta Marie Adams 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 26, 1990 
-------------------------------------

Gorbachev 
Continued from page 4 
graduate of the mo t difficult 
school of politics in the world: the 
Soviet political hierarchy. He had 
to work his way up the difficult 
political ladder, within a system 
run by the communists, for the 
communists. 

Gorbachev knows that his sys-
tem is in trouble, and recognizes 
the need for reform. but he will not 
sacrifice the communist system 
nor allow the union to dis olve. 

The Soviet economy has been 
spinning out of control for year 
now, but has only gotten worse 
since Gorbachev introduced per-

COALITION FOR ANIM A LS 
AND ANIMAL RESEARCH 
CFAAR/ SAN DIEGO 

CFAAR 
INFORMATION 

BOOTH 

estroika. The Soviet people, fac-
ing more hortage and higher 
prices, have been clamoring for 
speedier reforms. Meanwhile, the 
hard-line conservatives within the 
party have been demanding lower 
reform . 

The spirit of radical reform that 
has swept Ea tern Europe is 
sweeping the Soviet Union, and it 
has Gorbachev concerned. 

Lithuania ' declaration of inde-
pendence, violence in Armenia 
and Azerbaijan - all of these in-
ternal upheavals have put Gor-
bachev in a very bad po ition. At 
last, he is being forced to renege 
on reforms and tighten the screws 
on domestic conflicts. 

Tuesday's news is not surpris-
ing, considering the events of 
recent weeks. Gorbachev i finaJly 
revealing himself as aSovietleader 
- a communist looking to main-
tain communism. 

Unfortunately, Gorbachev al-
lowed too much to go too far. 
Glasnost, the spirit of openness, is 
proving to be Gorbachev's bane. 

The Chinese Tiananmen Sq uare 
massacre showed the genie of re-
form can be put back in the bottle, 
at least for a while. But one thing 
is certain: allowing freedoms has 
provided the rope. The question 
now is whether or not Gorbachev 
will hang himself with his own 
policies. 

ANIMAL RESEARCH 
SAVES LIVES 

In response to radical animal activists in the community attempting 
to discredit and distort the nature of animal research at UCSD, the 
CFAAR organization was founded last spring. Our two major 
objectives are: 
1. EDUCATE the general public about the benefits of animal re-
search 
2. PROMOTE the responsible and humane treatment of animals 

in biomedical research. 

UCSD Open House 
April 29, 12 Noon to 5 p.m. at the Price Center 

Informative Handouts and Articles 
Membership sign up 

For more information call 534-4261 

~---:..;Pe:..;:gistered Students and Post Doc's 
"Cover your Bod" with 

Sickness and 
Accident Insurance 

Student Premium - $109.50 
Spouse - $179.50 
Children - $121.50 
~--------------perquo"er 

ENROLLING NOW 
Informarioo and applications are available ar 

Student Health Center. Q-039 • 534-3300 

Homework Regulations 
Editor: 

Day care as well as traffic problems could be alleviated if 
employees were encouraged to work at home. Many perform 
word processing, programming, reading, electronic mail and 
othertasks that do not require thei r presence at an office every day. 

Many have a personal computer dedicated to them. Ifrhey can 
arrange their schedule such that they could work at home with 
their computer one or more days per week, they hould be encour-
aged to do so. 

They will be happier and more productive employees as a 
result of having the freedom and responsibility to work where and 
when it is best for them and the business. They will save transit 
time and cost and preparation for work time (get your elf dressed 
for work, the kids dressed for the sitter, and pack everyone into the 
car). 

They can do a lot of work at night when the kids are asleep. 
They will spend les time at an office dealing with family prob-
lems by telephone. 

While government demands more taxes for roads, local gov-
e rnment zoning ordinances and Federal Acquisition Regulation 
obstruct the ability of people to work at home, which would 
greatly alleviate the need for highway expansion. 
. The zoning regulations are a good way for politicians to hurt 
their enemies and reward their friends by restricting busine s 
competition or changing the market value of land. Labor union 
bosses like both regulations. As the Libertarians advocate, regu-
lations are bad for commuters and parents as well as consumers 
and taxpayers. 

William T. Holmes 

The Art and Science of Pure Flower and Plant 
Essences to Care for Your Hair, Skin and Body 

D ...... CUts - atudNlIpecI" 
Men', Cuts $12.00 
Women'. Cut $18.00 
Blow dryitW not Included 

Environmentally 
Responsible, 

No Animal-Testing . 
Please Recycle 1 10% OFF ANY ""';"COLOR, l 
~ NAIL HIMCE ." Jr'r\A ~-!!!!:D.:.!!'I"J!!!I.~.EJ!! ".!!!!! '!!!!! '"L OIl.!!!.. di!!:l!! oJ ,.,'" ~I.MW\' 

D ...... CUts -La Jolla VII .... Square 
Open 7 days 8 week, .venlngs too • 455-1700 

Thursday, April 26, 1990 

WORDS 
Continued from page 1 
Aguilar said. 

Aguilar would not elaborate on 
whether the case would establish a 
good precedent because " it would 
be difficult to [determine] without 
violating the student 's rights to 
privacy." 

The Guardian attempted to find 
details of the case, but was no 
pemlitted due to privacy concerns. 

Aguilar did indicate, however, 
that he wouldn ' t forward a com-
plaint without sufficient allega-
tions. 

In order for a student to violate 
the Fighting Words Policy, anurn-
ber of qualifications must be met. 
The Student Conduct Code defines 
fighting words as personally abu-
sive epithets which are directly 
addressed to any ordinary person. 

According to the code, the 
context of those words must be in-
herently likely to provoke a vio-
lent reaction and establish a hostile 
and intimidating environment. That 
environment must also interfere 
with the victim'S ability to pursue 
his education or to participate in 
university programs andactivities. 

If a confrontation was lacking 
in any of these requirements , 

The UCSD Guar~ian 

Aguilar said he would not have 
transferred the case to the 
defendant's dean. Aguilar did not 
specify the conduct that he consid-
ered "unacceptable" in forwarding 
this case. 

Now that the case has been for-
warded to the dean, an informal 
resolution of the matter may be 
made. At the informal hearing, and 
throughout the rest of the case, the 
defendant has the option of being 
assisted by a personal representa-
tive. 

If a satisfactory agreement is 
not reached at the informal hearing 
the case will receive a formal hear-

See WORDS, page 13 

NEWS 7 

Brian 
8andleader 'Chunky' performed at the Price Center yesterday. 

Th~ Vltimat~ DBS Gam~ tlas Arriv~b! ----------------~ UCSD : 
"IlIteNin{Crustufu" is 4 roU-time, multi-
pftzyer, 8'4pli.ics orV1I wi, com64t 1UVI4; 
compkte witli sou'" effects, intu-sliip 
communiC4tioll, 411' fra grapliic.s pack; 
age. Up to 10 pftzyers 6attk against t4di. 
otlitr for gaftlctic tlominatio1l. If you fast 
U,lIB eru1U1JIi., you IfIiBli.t tVt.lIBtt promote' 
a1l'm4y6e tfJtll fin' tIit pftz/Uts you 1IUIi 
to upgraM your vusd. 

If you !iJWt 4 PC or compatwk ani wouUi 
{~ to conqlUr tlit univtrst, caf[ tIi.t 
'MytliicaLSoftwart 'B'BS a1l' 6e prtpartti 
for Sl1nK actio1l! 
Mso ftilturinIJ 'tJ1U Offiars C{uD"for 011-
£i.tu cfuzt witli af1 computer systems, tu 
wtlltu puD{ic/priVate 1fIUSII6e 611St. 

Itls COMED!. •• ltls mEATRE ••• ltls VAUDEVILLE ••• Itls ... 
The *Complete. 

Worbs of ~ ........ ill iam 
qaktspt,!!!; 

ALL 38 PLAYS IN ONE EVENING! 

May 2 
Wed. 
apm 
Mande.llle 
Auditorium 
G.A. $10 
Sr.Clt. $8 
St. $6 

presented by 'IDlye ~buceb 
___ . _, __ 'lyak£spean <lIo. 

UCSD 
Box Office 
534-4559 

Student: 
Carl's Jr. Special : 

I I 
: BUY ONE WESTERN #47 : 
: Bacon Cheeseburger : 
i ~FREE ! 
I Valid at: 6788 Miramar Rd. I I Coupon expires May 15, 1990. One offer per coupon. I I ODe coupon per custcmer per visit. Not valtd with any ® I 
I other ofter or dIsc:ouDt. Price does not Include tax. C!-r.:It- J::r. I ©Carl Karcher EnteIprtses, Inc. 1990 pg-;&-. • L _____________________ --~ 

•••••••••••••••••••• 

: UeSD SPECIAL! 
I 

As usual 

fUlW' ... • ftY"U 
!9 y.,.,. POOl 

" ... a warm, party 
atmosphere ... for 

serious pizza eaters ... " 
Jack White, Channel 10 

restaurant crltJc 

8873 Villa laJoUa Dr. LaJolla Village Cellter 455·0662 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • UC D's oflglnal Pizzeria Is stili the best.' • 

E.l;fJlres 5IICV90 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 26, 1989 

Feature.s 

Health Educators 
Use Humor to Put 
Condom Use Into 
Perspective 
'We use condoms and bananas to make 
it fun,' says educator Chris Oakley 
By GA VI CHRISTY 
Staff Writer 

The start of any relationship 
can be awkward. Communication 
may be a barrier rather than an 
aid. Add sex to the relationship 
and communication can be 
impossible. 

To increase communication 
within couples, Chris Oakley and 
Dolynn Proffitt, health educators 
for the Student Health Center, in-
corporate humor into their 
programs on sexual health 
education. 

Many students attend these 
programs to learn more about 
themselves and their mates, ac-
cording to the organizers. 

"The e programs have been 
valuable in establishing the 
communication within couples," 
Proffitt said. 

According to Proffitt, students 
often attend the programs on the 
premise of asking how to use a 
condom, when they really seek to 
learn how to better communicate 
with their mate. 

"You need a sense of humor, 
and these programs put things in 
perspective," Oakley com-
mented. 

The educators said the awk-
wardness of the subject matter 
during presentations is eased by 
the levity of the phallic bananas. 

"We use condoms and 
bananas to make it fun," Oakley 
said. "People remember more 
from humor, and education uses 
a lot of different methods." 

Photo by Bill Gerhardt 

Last year, health educators Chris Oakley and Dolynn Proffitt started a "Bring Your 
Own Banana" program to educate students about condom use. 

During Fall Quarter at Revelle 
College, they ho ted a program 

hoping for on a date and in other 
social situations, the educators 
said. in which about 40 dormitory 

residents were instructed to bring 
bananas. The ensuing "Bring 
Your Own Banana" (BYOB) 
evening taught these students 
about condoms and proper 
condom techniques - using 
fruit. 

Oakley said it is important for 
people (0 have an opportunity to 
talk about sex and find out the 
views of their peers. Through 
open-forum discussion groups 
that Proffitt and Oakley arrange, 
students are given the opportu-

nity to discuss different scenarios 
that occur during relationships 
and to analyze possible responses 
to such si tuations should they 
ever arise with each other, the 
educators said. 

By discussing relationships 
with others, students are given 
insight into what motivates the 
other sex and what they are 

"It all gets back to your level 
of communication," Proffiu sa id. 

She said that when one 
member of a couple is left sec-
ond guessing as to what the other 
is searching for, there may not be 
true intimacy in the relationship. 

See HUMOR, page 9 

UCSD Hosts High School College Bowl Tourney 
16 Schools Will Participate in Question-Answer Style Competition 

Participants will buzz in during The Student Outreach and Ledden, Muir College Dean Chips earlier. 
By CHERlE PIATKlEWICZ the question-answer style compe- Recruitment Office (SOAR ), Dreilinger, and Professor Hugh Reynolds has worked closely 
Guardian Reporter 

tition to answer questions based on which attempts to recruit potential Bradner will also moderate the wi th Gutie rrez this year. Both said 
What do these words have in history, literature, art, math , sci- undergraduates by telling them event. they hope the event will be more 

common: Zulu, Xhosa, Tagalog, e nce, and trivia. about UCSD, wi ll host the event. Artie Ojeda, a reporter with successful than ever. 
Provencal, and Urdu? The correct Each four-member team will Liora Gutierrez from the KFMB-TV (Channel Eight), will The competing teams, which 
answer is: they are all languages. compete for scholarships funded SOAR. office and Revelle College serve as a guest moderator. were all finalists in the preliminary 

Students from 16 San Diego through the UCSD Scholarship Dean Ernie Mort, the founder of " Having Artie as a guest is tournament last Sunday, will come 
County high schools will answer Office. the program, coordinated the con- exci ting for the participants and from the following county high 
similar questions during UCSD's A scholarship worth $ 1,750 will test. generates interest from the pub- schools: Bonita Vi ta, Castle Park, 
ninth annual High School College be awarded to the fir t-place team, An organizing committee of20 lie," commented Linda Reynolds, Escondido, Helix, La Jolla, Lu-
Bowl Tournament. second place will receive $1,000, UCSD student volunteers deter- a Revelle senior and member of theran, Madison, Mt. Carmel, 

The event, part of UCSD's and third place will get $750. mined the rules and will act a the College Bowl Committee. Rancho Buena Vista, San Marcos, 
Open House festivities, will take Winning team members who moderators, judges, timers, and She said she volunteered to San Pasqual, Torrey Pines, Uni-
place on Sunday from 10 a.m. to 4 will be attending UCSD next fall scorekeepers at Sunday's matches. work for the event because she versity City, University of San 
p.m. in Peterson Hall. will divide the scholarship awards . Muir CoJlege Provost Patrick participated in the competition Diego, Valhalla, and Vista. 

T hursday, April 26, 1989 The UCSD Guardian 

HUMOR: Students at Ease 
When Discussing Sexuality 
Continued from page 8 

A major problem in the sexual 
part of many relationships is the 
use of alcohol and drugs , the ed u-
cators said. These '"sexual lubri-
cants" act to decrease inhibitions, 
Oakley and Proffitt said. 

"Alcohol may make it easierfor 
a person to do something that one 
wouldn't do otherwise," Oakley 
sa id. 

By openly discu sing issues of 
sex and drugs and other aspects of 
relationships, students are able to 
ponder the question of " What if' in 
regards to situations in a relation-
ship without having to endure the 
reality of consequent results, 
Oakley said. 

Exploration of st uden ts' 
thoughts and feelings in regard to 
sex ual matters is the goal of many 
sex ual health education programs, 
according to Proffitt. 

, You need a sense of 
humor, and these pro-
grams put things in 
perspective' h . kley 

-c nsOa 
Health Educator 

feel good about them later," Prof-
fitt said. 

The educators stressed that even 
though sexual experiences can be 
romantic and sensual, the use of 
condoms with other safe r sex 
methods is romantic as well. 

They sa id contraction of 
A.I.D.S., although the most deadly 
sexually transmitted disease, is but 
one of many diseases couples can 
get if they do not take precautions. 

" It' s good to know about your 
values and to be able to handle the 
circumstance of your actions and 

Tofind out more information or 
to request a program on safe sex, 
condom education. birth control, 
sexually transmitted diseases. re-
lationships. orcommunication. call 
the Student Health Center at 534-
2419. 

Photo by Bill Gerhardt 
Educators'say the awkwardness of the subject matter during the 
presentations is eased by the levity of the phallic bananas. 

University Bookstore 
MAY SAI#E 

Sunshine Store 
specials 

Selected items -
50% offl 

Save 20% on 
Bronson vitaminsl 

Save 200/0 
on gifts, clothing, 
office and art 
supplies, fine writing 
instruments, general 
books, technical 
books,and special 
sale items! 

May 1-5, 
1990 

Littmann 
stethoscopes 

Take 
200/0 off 

this week onlyl 

Hurry for best selection! 
CXlVERS1TY 

534-READ 
GmdURllon announttmenl ll not Included. (Sale docs not Rpply to 
New York 11me" 8esttICllcnJ, mngn7.lnell, medlc"l hook~, tCKtlxxJks. 
Springer VerlAg sRle Itemll. compute,.,., Sun~hlne Store mcn:hnndltIC, 
electmnlcs anti medtcllllnlltrumc:nlll .J 

FEATURES 9 

'Cafe' to Be 
Performed at 
Mandeville 

Gloria Gonzalez's play 
"Cafe con Leche," a light-
hearted comedy about a 
working-class Cuban family 
from New York City, will be 
performed at 8 p.m. on May 
I I , in Mandeville Audito-
rium. 

Gonzalez's play features 
an outspoken, cigar-smok-
ing grandmother, her son, a 
cousin, and two American-
born sons - one just home 
from jail where he has earned 
a high school equivalency 
diploma. The play won the 
1983 Stanley Drama Award. 

The play will be per-
formed in Spanish by Reper-
torio Espanol, a repertory 
company based in New York 
City lhat was founded in 1968 
by Gilberto Zaldivar and 
Rene Such. 

The company i respon-
See CAFE, page 11 

I ('S Time for the Besfn. 

FREE 
DRINK REFILLS 

Just 3 minutes 
from campus 

Self Serve 
Macintosh 

Computers· 
$5.00 per hour 
25~ Laser Prints 
....... .,our ... nt I.D. 
Offw good though 6/9190 

4150 Regents Park Row 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

457-1007 

Auto Insurance can be 
AFFORDABLE! 
SPECIAL COLLEGE 

STUDENT PROGRAM 

( \ I I I" I II{'" I 
584-6400 

WESTLAND 
Insurance Brokers 
3838 Camino Del Rio 

orth #315 



10 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 26,1989 

UCSD Opens Doors to Public With April 29 Open House 
By JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI 
SlajJWriler 

When the annual Open House 
celebration begins next Sunday, 
the quiet atmosphere that nonnally 
surrounds the UCSD campus on 
the weekend will be hattered by 
an expected 12,000 to IS,OOOvisi-
tor . 

This year' s program. to run from 
noon to S p.m. , includes cultural 

April 28, '990 

5:00-7:30 p.m. 

celebration, gallery exhibi ts, 
unusual foods, lectures, entertain-
ment, and information about 
UCSD's colleges and programs. 

According to Open House 
Chairman Yolanda Garcia, the 
event is UCSD's way of giving 
something back to the community. 
In addition, becau e "mo t of the 
entertainment and all of the lec-
tures are done by UCSD students 
and faculty, Open House is an 
opportunity to showcase what 

UCSD has," she said. 
AlthQugh Garcia does not see 

Open House as a recruitment de-
vice, she doe view it as an event to 
which "intere ted pan ies can come 
and learn about UCSD." 

"One of the beauties of Open 
House is that the staff, faculty, and 
tudents really get actively in-

volved in it," Garcia aid. T hrough-
out the day, "UCSD staff and stu-
dents will be on hand to di cuss the 
five-college system, academic 

programs and assistance, financial 
aid, campus life, housing, and the 
admission process to UCSD and 
its graduate school ." 

But as ide from the tours and in-
fo nnation booths that will be avail-
able, "each one of the colleges 
does the ir own progranl , which in 
orne way reflects the philosophie 

of the diffe rent colleges," Garcia 
said. 

During Open House, Revelle 
College w ill present its annual 

DELtA GAMMA 
TICKETS ONLY $1 
at the box office 
and at the pool 

Renai sance Faire, which will 
include wandering mi nstrels, j ug-
gler , musicians, puppets. danc-
ers, and a Faire Marketplace that 
will take visitors back to the Middle 
Ages. 

The Renaissance Faire will be 
held a t the grassy area behind Po-
litica l Science Building 4 12. near 
the Registrar. 

MuirCollege' Wild World will 
have a naturalist theme in honor of 
the college's namesake John Mui r, 
and will offe r musical entertain-
ment as well as booths from such 
organizations as the Dartmouth 
Exchange,Earthwatch, Wildemess 
Club, Project W ildlife, Sierra Club, 
and I Love a C lean San Diego. 

See HOUSE, page 11 

If you are interested in 
learning about the 

Financial Services Industry, 
SDCCU has an opportunity for youl 
We ale currently seeking enthusias-

tic individuals to fill the following 
part-time Teller Trainee positions: 

Mira Mesa 
M-F 11-3 p.m. 

Sorrento Valley 
M 8-5 p.m.; Th 11-3 p.m.; F 9·6 p.m. 

Canyonview Pool 
• Ben & Jerry's 

• Hot Dogs 
• Sodas 

If you have cash handling and 
customer service experience, we 

want to talk to you I Call or come by 
our main office and apply. 

ALL PROCEEDS GO TO THE LOS ANGELE S CHILDR EN'S BLIND CENTER 

SanTlinnn Count ~)~tUn~ 
_. 

9885 Pacific Heights Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 92121 

453-2112 
EOE 

Looking for something EXCITING to do this summer? 

Study Spanish in SPAIN! 

Earn 8 units of academic credit with the UCSD 
Summer Language Program in Madrid. 

Classes run June 24 - July 28,1990. 

The program fee of $2,500 includes 
instructional fees, lodging, fuU board, and 
planned excursions. 

For further information, contact: 
UCSD Summer Session, X-004 
Univ. of California, San Diego 
La JoUa, CA 92093-0179 
Phone: 534-4364. 

Registration deadline: May 4, 1990. 

Thursday, April 26, 1989 

CAFE 
Continued from page 9 
sible not only for bringing Span-
ish-language plays to audiences, 
but al 0 the music of Spanish-Ian-
guagecountries. Repertorio has in-
troduced several theatrical genres 
to American stages, including 17th 
century Span ish classics and spe-
cial musical comedies of the Span-
ish stage called zarauelas. 

Past dramatic prod uctions pre-
sented by Repertorio have included 
" Don luan Tenorio," by lose Zor-
rill a, "La Nonna," by Roberto 
Cossa, and "La Casa de Bernarda 
Alba," by Federico Garcia Lorca. 

The company won an Obi e 
Award in 198 1 and earned the 
New York State Governor's Arts 
Award in 1984. It receives an On-
going Ensemble Grant from the 
National Endowment for the Arts, 
and a major Ford Foundation Grant. 

The play on May II is spon-
sored by the UCSD University 
Events Office. 

HOUSE 
Continued from page 10 

Third College will be holding 
its yearly Cultural Celebration on 
its campus. not only showcasing 
live international dance and musi-
cal entertainment, but also fine art, 
artifacts and handicrafts from 
Nati ve Ameri can s, Africans, 
Mex icans, and Egyptians. 

Warren College will present a 
game or"Jeopardy," in which visi-
tors will be given a chance to test 
their knowledge on a number of 
subjects. 

Fifth College will hold a World 
Fair, providing information on its 
study abroad program as well as an 
opportunity to view crafts, music, 
and language demonstrations from 
other cultures. 

Fifth's World Fair will be held 
at the [nternational Center. 

[nformation about Scripps In-
stitution of Oceanography, the 
Stuart Collection, the School of 
Medicine, Central Library, ami 
UCSD laboratories will also be 
available, in addition to tours. 

A wide range of experts will 
speak about their disciplines dur-
ing Open House. Subjects to be 
discussed will range from marine 
pollution to the trends affecting 
future career choices. 

An Open House program, which 
lists the schedule and location of 
the day's events, will be available 
at information booths scattered 
across campus. 

The UCSD Guardian 

CONCERT SERIES 

TRACY CHAPMAN 
WITH SPECIAL GUEST 
JOHNNY CLEGG 
aSAVUKA 

SINEAD 
O'CONNOR 
WITH SPECIAL GUEST 
HUGH HARRIS 

REGGAE SUNSPLASH 
FEATURING: 

BURNING SPEAR 
FREDDIE McGREGGOR 

SHINEHEAD 
SHELL Y THUNDER 

MARCIA GRIFFrrHS U·ROY 
AND THE 801 BAND 

COWBOY 
JUNKIES 

. . . . 

8:00 
WED 
JUN 

FEATU RES 11 

TIckets available at alt ~t: ..... ~ IIcket centers Including May Co .. Jock's. Tower Records, Civic Box Offlce, Perkins Book Worm. Arts fix and lhe Aztec Center 
Tictel 0Iftce. To charge by p/1one call 278·nXS. Open Air Theatre _" are produced by Avalon Altroctlons for Associated Student!lSon Diego State . No bottles. 
cons or alcoholic be'<eroges perml1ted on or around the facility. 50SU student discount available at the Aztec Center TIcket Office. 

APPUCATIONS ARE NOW AVAILABLE 

PRESIDENT'S DAVID JAY GAMBEE 
Undergraduate Fellowship 
PreSident's Undergraduate Fellowship (PUF) 
This program's is designed to assist unusually talented 
undergraduate students to pursue studies and projects, under 
faculty supervision. during term time and/or vacations. 

. Such projects may include research and/or creat ive activities. 
There are no subject restrictions. Project proposals are 
submitted to and reviewed by the Committee on 
Undergraduate Scholarships and Honors and a stipend 
based upon need, as determined by the cost of the project. 
is awarded to the winners. 

Memorial Fellowship 
David Jay Gambee Memorial Fellowship 
This memorial has been established from funds donated to 
UCSD in memory of David Jay Gambee, a former Revelle 
College student. Similar to the President's Undergraduate 
Fellowship Program, this fe llowship is designed to assist 
undergraduate students to pursue special studies and projects. 
under faculty supervision. during the academic year and/or 
vacat ions. Areas of involvemen t include university governance. 
ecological values clarification, encouraging service in the 
community through volunteer activities, helping students 
through volunteer activities or assisting students to participate 
in programs related to the Institute on Global Conflict 
and Cooperation. 

The appllcatlonl for these fellowlhlps may be picked up In your col .... Student Rnanclal Services OIIIee. 
The deadline to I Ubmlt an application II May 18, 1990. 



12 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 26, 1990 

ASSORTED 

IMPORTS 
@@[1l ~@w 

UEEN-GREATEST HITS 

JOY DIVISION-STILL 
>.( •• CD SINGLES FROM DEPECHE MODE, 

HE 'SMITHS, THE CULT, U2, AND MORE ••• 

'!he 6 .... 
W4rren C3e. 

~I«" !4rt9 
Fritl4J1,l1pril 27,1990 
1lte W4r~n ilr-rftftQJf.S' 

, ..... , ".i2e~! -t~h;r~ , 
/.,.,! J.,,. r .. 

UCSD SCHOOL OF MEDICINE 

Health Careers Opportunity Program 
Special Admissions Support Program 

Health Professions/Survival Skills Conference 

Saturday 

MAY 19, 1990 

8:00 a .m .-4:30 p .m . 

TOPICS TO BE COYERED: 

Liebow Auditorium 

Room 2100 
Basic Science 

Buliding 

• Public Health Education/Community and 
Family Medicine/Nursing 

• Allied Health Careers 
• Medical Student Issues 
• P~)armacy , Osteopathy, Dentistry 
• Presentations by Undergraduate Student Organizations 
• Health Professions Admissions Process 

HeqUh Protessions/Medjcql School ReQCesentqt;ves from: 
• College of Osteopathic Medicine . Quincy Core CliniC 

• UC Davis School of Medicine . UCSD School of Medicine 
• UCI School of Medicine . Stanley H, Kaplan Educational Center 
• UCLA School of Public Health . Department of Health Services 

• U.S. Public Health Service . UCSF School of Dentistry 
• USC School of Dentistry . University of the Pacific 

• UCSF School of Phar'macy • Childrens Hospital 
• UCSF School of Medicine. Indian Health Center 

REGISTRATION FEE: $6 (Includes Continental Breakfast! Lunch) 

For further Information and to register call or write 
UCSD SCHOOL OF MEDICINE, Special Admissions Support Program 

Medical Teaching Facility Room 162, (M-021) La Jolla. CA 92093 (619) 534-41/0 

Thursday, April 26, 1990 

WORDS 
Continued from page 7 
ing. Iflhedefendant is found guilty 
Ihe punishment could range from a 
written warning to dismissal from 
the university, according 10 Agui-
lar. 

DRUGS 
Continued from page 1 

"If il is clean money," he said, 
"nobody i afraid to say, • Yes, it is 
mine.' n 

An audience member asked 
Margain if Ihe banks might have a 
stake in keeping quiet about drug 
money, because countries such as 
Bolivia and Colombia might use 
some of the money 10 help their 
governments payoff their inlema-
tional debl. Mi1rgain denied any 
possible drug involvement by tho e 
governments. 

UCSD Professor Peter Smith, a 
specialist in Lalin American poli-
tics , pointed out that in Bolivian 

The UCSD Guarqian 

TV COLLEGE 
presents 

General Biology 
Intro to Humanities 

Oceanography 
Intro to Psychology 

Real Estate Principles 
Registration Begins May 7, 1990 

Qasses Begin June 25, 1990 
Available on: Dimension Cable - Channel 28 

Daniels Cablevision - Channe135 
and Colombian drug rings, most of CALL NOW.". 
the money ends up in American I..~~ Co 
and Swiss bank accounts, and is (619) 744-1150 or 727-7529 ~i&\<'('" 
not available to pay Ihe debts. 3! !!!! Il'fI 

Margain was Mexican ambas- 2431 ~~~:;; 
sador to Ihe u.s. from 1964 to 
1970 and from 1976 to 1980, and 
also worked in Mexico as a federal 
senator and secretary of the treas-
ury. 

A.S.: Funds 
Allocated for 
Sun God Fest 
Cont inued from page 1 
ment, and increased security. 

"Until we sat down and looked 
over the logistics of having the Sun 
God Festival, we didn't know we 
had to have [many essential items] 
like porta-potties and a UC ve-
hicle," McKay said. 

When McKay was questioned 
as to why she didn't use the $2,000 
that was left overafterthe festival 's 
fireworks were cancelled, she 
explained that the $2,000 had al-
ready been redistributed to pay for 
other expenses. 

Randy Woodard, director of 
student government, added that 
"the Price Center increased Ibe 
amount of security we needed to 
have ... and other changes in ex-
penses added up. That's where the 
$2,000 was redistributed to." 

A.S. President John Ramirez 
felt that while the A.S. should al-
low the $749 for the festival, he 
was uneasy about the idea of pass-
ing a line-item budget with a redis-
tributed $2,000 when he didn't 
know where the $2,000 went. 

The A.S. Council also approved 
the a\1ocation of $300 from New 
Media Unallocated for (39 Type-
set, a new media magazine. Much 
of the objection to the a\1ocation 
was over whether there is a de-
mand for another literary maga-
zine on campus and whether or not 
people would read (39 Typeset. 

"Will this be read or wi\1 it sit 
around and waste trees? .. . The 
Bird Cage [a literary magazine], T 
remember, sat around, so [ won-
der, is there a demand for this type 
of media on campus?" asked Vice 
Presidenl of Finance Anders 
Roede. 

"Not unless we invest the $300 
wi1\ we find out how this magazine 
works . . . we need to upport 
student expression ," Com mis-
sioner of Public Relations Benny 
Singer said. "Give it a trial vote, 
and if it doesn' t work, then we ' ll 
realize it isn't working and we 
don't have to fund them again [next 
quarterJ . They deserve n chance." 

~~~~::::~~::::::::::~~~~~:~::::~~~k_~ 

I , 

" I 

?, 

Apply Today! 
Applications are now being accepted for the following 
positions for the staff of the 1990-91 UCSD G_rdilJn: 

Editor In Chief 
Managing Editor 
News Editor 
Associate News Editor (3) 
OpInion EcItor 

Associate Sports Editor (2) 
ArtsJEntertalnment Editor 
Assoc. AlE Editor (3) 
Photo Editor 

Associate OpInion Editor (2) 
Features Editor 

Assoc. Photo Editor (2) 
Copy Editor 

Associate Features Editor (2) 
Sports Editor 

Assoc. Copy Editor 
Graphics Editor 
Training Director (2) 

Applications for Editor in Chief will be due 5 p.m. Saturday, 
May 5, at the Guardian offices on the second floorofthe Student 
Center. Applications for all other positions due 5 p.m. Wednes-
day, May 9, at the Guardian offices. All applications should 
include a resume, cover letter, and clips, and should be placed in 
the Editor in Chiefs box. If you wish to mail your application, 
send it to the UCSD Guardiall, c/o Phil Gruen, B-O 16, La Jolla, 
CA 92093. Questions? Call the Guardian at 534-6580. 

~ Come One, Come ,q({f! ~ 
2E:,,~;b; Un b~c ~,,§oc;ct.!! fo .. <c .. .,..bJc .~:u:~rot\;.m 

t?..- T~n~5t. ([":lfb and 2/-{:lnd ... hrc" 
']J)cmorutr.3botl5 o· ([~c!c 
~o.¥lau,.". tr"ub",Jour5. ;lila JPh~cr~ to :wIe aruJ insp; .. c 

2AcJdlc5 troupe 0' :5pont..lnt:;t.,!j 
'i[cmpUt;0t\5 0' ~c p",l:lt.c !!~.1" :lboW'\cI 

1i ~~'~ ~ \ - /~ \ ~¥r~) 
Our ;Mtmy Jestivities wi{{ 6egin at 11 a.m. 

on ~prif 29, 1990 
at the 'Wamm Qllact 
~ • E!~ 

, 
, 

Ii 
'I 

I~ 

~ 
:, 

,~ 

NEWS 13 

Move into a new decade 
with 

OOO'iT© lYl}{)~ G®®~ 
R.E.M. 

THE 8-52's 
THE CURE 

AND MANY MORE! 

An all new laser 
show! , 

"' __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ 

10MS Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively 'W.J and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 

·Must present coupon and valid UCSO ID at time of estimate. 
Not valid with r:lOjof engine 0( transmission repairs. 

r~' I CAlI. ~J : 450-94941 
alE • 

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; 11 They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 26, 1990 

Sports 

Brian Morris/Guardian 

Setter Eric Stanger (I) and David Fulmer, shown in action earlier this season against 
UC Irvine, will help try to keep PCVC opponents winless against the Tritons. 

I PCVC TOURNAMENT 
Men's Volleyball Puts 
Two-year PCVC Win 
Streak On the Line 

UCSD Heads to Santa Clara for a First Round 
Matchup With UCSC in Conference Tourney 

By PETER KO 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD men's volleyball team has 
never lost a game in the history of the Pacific 
Coast Volleyball Conference. 

Pretty impressive, huh? 
Not really. Why? Well, in the first place, 

the league - as it is named now - has only 
been in existence for two years. 

Second of all, what 's acoupleofMenlos 
or La Vemes when you spend the beller part 
of your season playing the likes of Long 
Beach State, UC Santa Barbara, and San 
Diego State? 

But, the fact of the matter is, in confer-
ence play, UCSD compete with Menlo and 
La Verne in addition to Santa Clara and UC 
Santa Cruz. 

So, it is with this resignation in mind that 
the Tritons head to Santa Clara University 
tomorrow for the conference tournament 
and a 5 p.m. first round matchup with UC 

Santa Cruz. 
"Wc are confident, having gone 8-0 this 

season - not overly confident, but we're 
confident," UCSD Head Coach Oscar 
"Digger" Graybill said. 

Despite its two-year winning streak and 
Santa Cruz 's 3-5 conference record, the 
Tritons could get burned if they are not 
careful. 

In UCSC, the Tritons will face a double-
barreled attack led by 6' I" outside hitter 
Ken Mitchell and his partner in crime, 6'2" 
outside hitter les Bolger. 

"They're not tall , but they are cagey and 
smart players," Graybill aid. 

Mitchell , an AIl-PCVC player last year, 
recorded a .300 hitting percentage and tal-
lied 82 kills on the year. Bolger equaled 
Mitchell' s 82 kills , and bettered his partner 
with a team-high .325 hitting percentage. 

As for UCSD, it will be led (as it has all 
year) by senior middle-hitter John Lim, so-

See M. V -BALL, page 18 

Big Fish, Little Pond 
UCSD: You're Not Welcome in Div. III Anymore 

If a piranha is let loose in a sea of goldfish it will 
thrive because of a lack of fiercer competition. 

A human athlete, however, will not react the same 
way. 

Athletes seek out tougher competition, always wanting 
to challenge themselves. When competition is lacking, 
the athletes head elsewhere. 

The UCSD SportS teams are in this type of a situation. 
Far superior to the majority of Division III competi-

tion. many Triton team frequently schedule competition 
from Division I , II, and NAIA. 

In fact, everyone eems to know what they want: The 
athletes want to play the better schools, the student body 

DAVID POTICHA 
would like to ~ee UCSD entertain some big names, and 
the adminbtration wants to build more hospitals. 

But nobody has stopped to a~k: what do the other Di-
viSIOn III schools want? 

Quite simply, West Coast Division III schools would 
rather see UCSD stomping around in Division II. 

Dave Beyer, Sports Information Director (SID) from 
Cal State San Bernardino feels UCSD has "proven to 
have quality athletics at this level by now." 

Francis Hill , the sm at Occidental, feels that, "UCSD 
could be competitive on a national level at Division U." 

A move to Divi"ion II would mean a few changes for 
UCSD, but not a many a some people think. 

Sure, Divi\inn II carries with it the dreaded "athletic 
scholarship." UCSD. however, would not be fo rced to 
grant them. 

As for possible exceptions in admissions , the current 
adml sion standard could be maintained. 

It b apparent that the present group of Triton athletes 
are already competitive with Divbion U, and even 
Division I ~chool~ , and they are here under the same 
academic conditions as everyone else. 

But, the Triton teams arc too good for most of 
DJ vblon Ill. A rece lll informal ~urvey listed UCSD and 
Trenton State in New Jersey as the mo t successful 
Divl\lon HI programs of the 1980s. 

In addition, CSUSB is 
one of the main UCSD 
"rivals", and it is going to 
j ump to Division II next 
year. 

The women's tennis 
team routinely chedules 
Division I and II opponents. 

Men 's water polo plays 
and consistenly beats 
Division I chools in the 
Open Division. 

Men 's volleyball played 
its first 15 games against 
top-ranked DiVision 1 and II 
opponents. 

Beyer stated that being 
Division III makes "scheduling ridiculous, doesn't give 
the teams any stability, and doe n't allow the develop-
ment of true rivals." 

Beyer said that UCSD has "an established tradition in 
athletic excellence," and has " pretty much shown they 
can take care of themselves." 

Beyer encourages a move to Division II by UCSD 
because he agrees that athletes need to be challenged, and 
UCSD athletes are not really challenged by Division III 
fodder. 

For example, on ly one Triton team has failed to 
achieve a top 20 ranking at some point thi s year. 

UCSD is an intimidating Division III presence, and 
could soon have problems finding Division III opponellls. 

Pomona College SID Netti Morrison said, "There is 
no reason why UCSD shouldn 't go Division n. 

"Division III coaches think twice before cheduling 
UCSD:' she said. Morrison explained that coaches know 
a win against UCSD is not likely - but a loss is. 

"The general consen us is that UCSD is a large school 
student body-wise and, simply by randomness, U SD 
should statistically have more good athletes," she said. 

Redlands UOIversity SID Ross Baerer concur, aying 
that U SD has, at thi:> very moment, a "number of 
athletes worthy of playing DIvision 11:' 

Guardian Graphic by Jeff Quan 

Haefer points out that UCSD has an unfair size advan-
tage over most Division III schools,. and certai nly the 
schools in Redlands' division. 

" By pure population numbers there aren't many 
Division III schools of UCSD's size, certainly not in our 
league [SCIAC] ," he said. 

Hill notes that UCSD is "v iewed by orne, because of its 
See BIG FISH, page 15 

ON THE HOMEFRONT 

THIS WEEKEND'S DON7 MISS EVENTS •.. 
WHAT: Softball and Baseball Doubleheaders 
WHEN: Softball, Friday, I p.m. 

Baseball, Saturday, Noon 
WHERE: Softball at North Campus 

Baseball at New Field on Old Miramar Rd. 
WHO: Both vs. CSU San Bernardino 
WHY: Softball - the Triton have split four games 
this season with rival CSUSB, which UCSD is 
competing with for a West Regional playoff berth. 
Baseball - in important Division nr aClion, the 
Tritons' postseason hopes may rest on the ou tcome of 
these games. 

Thursday, April 26, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

SPORTSLINE 
Compiled b, DaM CluJlJun, Sports Edi/Qr and "e~r Ko, AssocUJU Sporu EdiltJr 

Softball, Ranked 4th Regionally, Dumps Claremont for Twlnbill Sweep 
In this case, UCSD softball Head Coach Sal Coats might want to keep pouring fuel on the fire. 
The blazing Triton bats beat up on Claremont to the tune of 25 total hits and 19 runs in a 12-1,7-2 

roasting of the hosts on Tuesday, in preparation for the tomorrow's crucial doubleheader with CSU San 
Bernardino. 

Against Claremont, Cindi Murphy went three for fi ve with two RBIs in theopenerto pace the Tritons. 
She got help from Dianna Moreno, who went three for four with two RBIs. Kathy Fogg (7-7) went the 
distance to even her record at .500. 

In the second game, catcher Tracey Kehr hit her second home run of the year, a two-run dinger in the 
third inning, and Kim Stutzman picked up her ninth win of the season against just one loss. 

On Friday, UCSD will face regionally seventh-rankedCSUSBforthefifth and sixth times this season. 
The slumping Coyotes have never beaten UCSD on the Tritons ' new field and are currently struggling 
through a six-game lOSing streak. The doubleheader with CSUSB will more than likely clinch a berth 
in the West Regional playoffs for one of the two teams. 

Track and Field Sets Four School Records;. Three Just Miss Qualifying 
On Friday, the Tritons traveled to the Pomona-Pitzer Invitational and set three school records, while 

a fourth fell at the Mt. SAC Relays the next day. 
At the Invite. Yvette Marzullo streaked to a 59.15 in the 400 meters, and ran the second leg of the 

4x400 relay , along with lenifer Jagielski, Michelle Longyear, and Vicki Dunckley, in 4:04.51. 
Shannon Quigley hlJrled a 161'9" in the discus, long enough for a provisional qualifying mark in 

Divis ion 1. Defending double national champion Quigley is currently top-ranked in Division lU in the 
discus and second-ranked in the shot, followed by teammates Shelly Squibb and Rachel Beerman, who 

See S.LlNE, page 19 

BIG FISH 
Continued from page 14 

size and transfer rules and being a 
public school , as having an unfair 
advantage. " 

Hill also feels, like most of the 
other SIDs, that it would be to both 
UCSD's and Divi ion nT 's advan-
tage if UCSD were to make the 
j ump to Division II. 

Other than because Division ill 
schools want to get rid of UCSD, 
what would make adivision change 
a good idea? 

One important answer is the 
development of stable rivalries 
against the teams of similar talent 

levels. 
UCSD currently doesn ' t ha"e a 

true rival. 
CSUSB considers itself a Tri-

ton rival, but only in a few ports. 
UCSD has never lost to CSUSB in 
women's volleyball. 

There are not "big games" for 
the student body to look forward 
to. The truth is, UCSD never has 
big games. 

"It is certainly to the school's 
advantage to develop longterrn 
rivalries," Hill said. 

Haefer agrees, say ing being 
Division II and having good spons 
" increases the prestige of the 
school." 

Sounds like a good idea. 

There are certainly reasons to 
stay Division ill, buttherearebetter 
reasons to go Division II. 

I didn ' t even begi n to discuss 
what the Triton athletes or UCSD 
student body would prefer. 

Unfortunately, the administra-
tion has not hown much enthusi-
asm for increasing funding ofTri-
ton intercollegiate athletics. 

UCSD has one of the smallest 
spons budgets in the entire coun-
try , regardless of size or division, 
and a division jump would require 
more money for athletics. 

Regardless of what this school 
wants, however, it is clear that the 
other schools would like to say 
" Yer outla here!" 

Rediscover your heritage at 
The Ivy League 

Torah Study Program 
Summer 5750 

June 18th thru. July 29th, 1990 
Catskills. New York 

Admitted students will receive full room and board 
and $1,200 fellowship 

Briefing Session Friday, March 30 
On Campus Interviews Sunday, April] 

The director of the Ivy League Study Program will be 00 campus 
Sunday, April 1 to interview students, both undergraduate and graduate, 
for admission into theProgram. Students who have a sincere interest in ex-
ploring autheotic Torah study and Jewisb observance and their contempo-
rary relevance are candidates for the Program. The Program is open to 
students who have minimal or absolutely DO background in authentic 
Torah Learning and Observant Judaism. 

Students dnilted to the Program will be provided full room and boanl 
and a $1,200 stipend. 

Candidates are invited to sign up for individual interviews and obtain 
Program information and applications by contacting Marva Wbitebead-
Nasb at the Career Services Cea&er, 6191534-4939. Additional informa-
tion can be obtaioed by calling the Program office at 718-735-0237 or I· 
800-33-NCFJE or by writing: 

The Ivy League Torah Study Program 
824 Eastern Parkway, Brooklyn, New York H20 

I 
I 
I 
I 

tiP 
Unl 'r'>lly of &In Diet? 

SAT LSAT 
GMAT GRE 

Te.t Preparation Courses 
Experienced Faculty 
Lecture Course 
In·Class Practice Exams 
Score in top 25% or take next 
course free 

For. ,,.. bfochure call: .11/2"57. 
or wfit« Unl'lef'8tty of Sen Dleea 

T ... ~,.tIon Cou,... · "rT8 Han 31. 
_ , ..... len ot.eo, CA 12110 

SPORTS 15 

CDsmetic & Family 
DENTISTRY 
Take the bile out 

of your dental concerns 

274-BlTE 
274-2483 

:}{arriet 'f. SeMin, V.'.M.1J. 
CHAMPUS & most 
insurance accepted 
After work / After class 

and Saturday apPOintments 

4453 Cla/remont III1S8 Blvd. 
(corner of Genesee) 

Now featuring fresh 
brewed cappuccino 
coffee, espresso and 
hot chocolate! 

11-11 Fri. & Sot. 
LA JOLLA COLONY 7770 Regents Rd .. Ste. 108 
(in Von's Shopping Center) 

--------------------

25% O F F ~nk~~,::I~ : large frozen yogurt I 
Void with any other offer. Toppings not Included. Expires 4/29/90 I L ____________________ ~ 

THE ~ PRINCETON : 
REVIEW _ 

strat.,., lor SJM:ceJS 

The Princeton Review is the most 
effective GMAT prep course offered 
today. Call now for the facts. 

695 - 9952 
~UOl __ C)' ... u.~~T ... ~IQI--&triIiaad.ltb".Pt--Ilc .. "' ... 

~--------------------, I 
I 
I 
I 2 TANS 1 
: One for You, One for a riend 
I I 30 TAN DAYS $29 
I I I TRIM & TAN· UCSD 3251 Holiday Ct .• 4~ I 
I Pacific Beach' MissionValley • State College' Sports Arena I 
:----- Lose 6'~uaranteed!-----: 
I European Body Wrap - Only $48 I 
I Not a temporary water loss. Reduce cellulite and slretch marks. Call for delails ' 2nd 30 Ian days $39.99 • Forst·lime dients I 
L EXfl/ros 611190 ..I 
--------------------

VEARS 
AHEAD 

HAIRCUTS 
by MIII'k 

Women '17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg .. $/9) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

Perm & HairclIl or $50 
Highlight & Haireul 

l or appulntment. "lcaJ~ call 457-1930. 8950 JI/JIG La Jolla Dr .. 
5 1 • . 1110. La Julia (hehmd £:/ Tonto "t"ol .. a{'roJ< ra",,, .) 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

Classified advertising is sold 
In 15-word increments. The 
rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students, $3 for faculty and 
staff , and $4 for others. 
Payment in advance is 
required ; therefore, ads must 
be mailed with a check (made 
payable to The UCSD 
Guardian) or presented in 
person. Please have exact 
change. Deadlines are 3 p.m. 
Thursday for Monday's paper 
and 3 p.m. Monday for 
Thursday's paper. The 
Guardian reserves the right to 
refuse any advertising 
including but not limited to 
companionship ads. For more 
information call 534-5416. The 
Guardian, UCSD, 8-016, La 
Jolla, CA 92093. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

ONE MONTH IN POLAND -
HUNGARY - CZECHOSLOVAKIA -
EASTGERMANY$1 ,495, includes air. 
These rates available for nonstudents 
also. Tibor. 444-8234; Ann, 459-0883. 
(4/2-4/30) 

YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSD! 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth , education, prayer. socializing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Students! 
502 Matthews; east of the Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick. 534-2521 . (412-
6n) 
Third College Semi-formal tickets now 
on sale in Third Dean's office and 
Office of Residential Life. Don 't miss 
"That Magic Moment. ..• April 28. 
TICkets just $10 each, but space is 
limited. so don't delay! (419-4126) 

Be the Revelle Student Graduation 
Speaker. Applications at Dean's office. 
Deadline: April 27 @ 4 p.m. (419-4126) 

ScholarshipslGrants for college area 
available. Millions go unclaimed yearly. 
Call 1-800-334-3881 . (4112-6/7) 

Writing help ! Professional, private. 
meet your deadline, your convenience. 
money back guarantee. Jim 481-1 81 O. 
(4112-6/7) 

Apply now to be the Financial Director 
on the Third College Student Council. 
Applicntions available at the TC Dean's 
office. Deadline to apply: 4127, 4:30 
p.m. at the Dean's office. (4123-513) 

SIN 6.66 for Alpha Omega Legion 
membership and save "The Evil God" 
Actor Diviner, P.O. Box 1123. Solana 
Beach. CA 92075. (4/26) 

THIRD COLLEGE students l Don't 
forget to vote for your representatives 
to the Third College Student Council. 
Vote on May 2 and May 3 in front of 
Peterson Hall from 10-4. (4/23-513) 

kinko's' 
the copy center 
457-3775 

8855 Ville La Jolle Dr. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Classifieds 
Golden Key Honor Society meeting -
41267 p.m .• Price Center Gallery A. All 
old and new members welcome! 
( 4/23-4/26) 
THE NEW GROVE GAFFE. Have you 
seen the expansion? We're now open 
to please your culinary buds! (4/23-
4126) 

Former U.S. Military Investigator, Gene 
Wheaton, will speakaboutthe air crash 
over Ganger, Newfoundland in 1985 
that killed 256 U.S. Army Airborne 
soldiers and how it is tied to the Iranian 
Arms Deal. Also . Tony Avirgan, 
Journalistand Christic Institute Lawsuit 
Plaintiff, updates the Costa Rican 
investigat ion into the La Penca 
Bombing that resulled in murder 
indictments for John Hull and Filipe 
Vidal. He will discuss the future of 
Central America after the Nicaraguan 
and Costa Rican elections. Monday, 
April 30, 7:30 p.m. Marston Middle 
School, 3799 Claire mont Dr. at Ute St. 
(1 block south of Balboa). $5, $31 
students. 272-5974. (4123-4130) 

MED SCHOOL ADMISSION, MCATS, 
MEDICAL CAREER? If you are 
wondering how it all goes together, 
then why not join with Med School 
Faculty member, Doris A. Howell M.D. 
and discuss these and other questions 
in an informal setting on Sunday May 
6th at 6 p .m . This "Career 
Conversation" is sponsored by the 
United Campus Ministry and limited to 
the first 12 UCSD students to respond. 
Call 534-2521 . (4123-4126) 

There are startling similarities between 
the 1985 Arrow Air disaster over 
Gander, Newfoundland that killed 256 
members 01 the 101 st Airborne and 
the 1988 Pan Am Right 103 disaster 
over Lockerbie, Scotland, that killed 
270 people. Read about it in the 
Integr;ty T;mes (San Diego 
Constitutional Integrity Alliance), PO 
Box 90114, San Diego, 92109. Only 
$6 for 6 monthly issues. (4123-4/30) 

RAFT THE RIVERS OF THE WEST!! 
Cataract Canyon of the Colorado, the 
Yampa, Green. Go with Hatch who 
was the first to run the Middle Fork of 
the Salmon in 19361 Reasonable rates. 
800134218243. (4123-4130) 

Graduating ChicanoslHispanicsl 
Latinos, il you would like to partiCipate 
in Chicano graduation. meetings are 
Tuesdaysat4p.m. althe tv~echaOffice, 
Price Center, 534-4994 for more info. 
(4126) 

Aloha Muir Students: Hawaiian Show 
+ Dinner $3 non-mealcardholders 
todayl 5 p.m. Muir Ouad. (4126) 

B.J.'s ATHLETES OF THE MONTH!! 
(See today's Sports section for the 
March winners) This new sports award 
will appear each month. Two UCSD 
Triton intercollegiate athletes (1 maie, 
1 female) are honored lor excellence 
throughout their careers at UCSD and! 
or 1 phenomenal month of athletic 
achiBllement. The Guard;anthanks BJ's 
pizzeria for sponsoring th is award. 
(4126) 

Make every day 

Earth Day 
Summer Campaigns 
for the Environment 

Earn $2500-$3500. Help pass the 

Clean Air Act, tighten pesticide 

controls, and promOte compre-

hensive recycling. Available in 

18 tales & D.C. 

Call Kate at: 1-800-75-EARTH. 

FACTORY OUTLET CLOTHING 
BLOWOUT SALE!! ALL ITEMS 50% 
TO 90% BELOW RETAIL! 80' 0 of all 
merchandise priced below $1515 days 
only! This Wednesday (4/25) thru 
Sunday (4129) from 10:00 a.m. to 7:00 
p.m. Men's. Women's and childrens. 
Esprit, Tweeds. and many other brand 
names priced to move out this weekend 
only! This Liquidation Sale is being held 
in Plaza Hall at the San Diego Cultural 
and Performing Arts Civic Center at 
202 C Street in downtown San Diego. 
Cash, Checks, MlC, VISA, and Am Ex 
accepted. Don't miss this incredible 
sale!! Hotline 450-3323. (4/26) 

Join the Waterpolo Club. First 
scrimmage Saturday (4128) Natatorium 
Info: Eric Karich 481-1694. (4126) 

Happy Birthday ISRAELI Wishing you 
peace and prosperity in your forty-
second year and foreverl (4/26) 

Get an edge over other students 
applying for the same job! Apply for a 
summer or fall internship in S.D. and 
gain practical experience. Deadline is 
Friday May4. Call ASIOformore info at 
534-4689, or stop by, 3rd floor, Price 
Center. (4/26-5/3) 

ARE YOU SEEKING THE TRUE 
MEANING OF LIFE? Join us for a free 
film and introductory talk on the life and 
teachings of the prophetess, 
OGAMISAMA. Sat. April 28, Gallery A 
1 :30 - 3:30 p.m. (4126) 

Almighty liar-Delta Seal Team 69 
Genetically altered "State of the Art," 
Actor Diviner. (4/26) 

Are your ready for the job market? 
Develop your own internship through 
ASIO and get practical experience. 
Contact Jon Ward at 534-4689 for more 
info. (4/26-513) 

Join ISRAEL Independence Celebration 
Monday April 30 . Price Center Plaza. 
Allday. FREE. HAPPYBIRTHDAYI (4/ 
26) 

SERVICES 

Olga Bari Electrologist. 1200-1500 hairs 
per hour. 3251 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. (619) 558-4644. (619) 226-
1962. (4/2-513) 

PAPERS TYPED! Quick & affordable I 
$2Ityped double-spaced page. Call LJ 
Colony Resumes & Professional Typing 
Services, 4!l5-8357. One-day service 
available. Laser Printing! Choice of 35 
typestyles I (412-6/7) 

TYPING!l!! I'll type your term papers 
etc. Quickly and inexpensively. Laser 
printer. Call Jennifer: 558-6090. (4/9-
4130) 

MIDTERMS? TUTORING : Math , 
Physics and beginning programming. 
Graduate with OASIS and TA 
qualifications. John 453-3194. (4/19-
513) 

mail services 
et al 

Mail box rentals, FAX, 
UPS, stamps, business 
cards, word processing, 
money orders and more! 

Mon.·Fri . 
9-6 
Saturdays 
10-2 

7094 Miramar Rd. 
Ste. 121 

689-81 82 
r-------, I 50¢ OFF I 

o.ny I UPS. FAX, or typing services I 
L E.pi .... &I3119O • 
------_ ... 

TypinglWord Processing: Academic 
manuscripts, papers, theses, letters, 
resumes. Fast service. Mary Ann 452-
9439. (4/9-513) 
Rent-a-braln 24-hr. writing tutor ; 
outstanding A-student UC grad save 
this number I Make deadlines Jim 481 -
1810.(4/12-617) 

TYPING--theses, term, Ph.Ds, Legal. 
Alilormats . RUSH JOBS. MARIE 931 -
9596 (4/12-617) 

Surfing-- finally do it, fun. safe. 20 years 
experienced lifeguard, water safety 
instructor 481-1810. (4/12-617) 

Hostels in Australia for $1 O/nlte. Up and 
down the coast. Fare Deals Travel 800-
878-2929. (4116-513) 
COMPUTER REPAIR, upgrading ; 
software installation; help and tutoring. 
CALIFORNIA BYTE-- we come to youl 
744-7847. (4119-4130) 

CD Player Repair and Tune up. Quick 
and reliable, student rates , near 
campus. 7 days. Call Compufix: 456-
5916 . (4123-4130) 
Macintosh Services - Repairs-
Upgrades: Component level repair. 
FREE estimates. 2-day turnaround. 
Weekendl Emergency Service . 
Reasonable Rates (e .g. Mac 128/51121 
Plus Power Board $89) . Memory 
Upgrades for ALL Macs (Mac 128/512 
to Plus Starts@$210). FREE Campus 
pick up and delivery . Call 456-5916 
Compufix. (4123-4130) 
PROFESSIONAL WORD PRO-
CESSING - $1 .50/pg. Resumes, 
Papers, Theses - Laser APA Format. 
Next Daydelivery. 439-9317, 297-8291 . 
(4123-5117) 

Accuracyl Qualityl Typing and Word 
Processing Center. Laser Printer. Free 
Pick-up and Delivery. Patt 259-0906. 
(4/26) 
WORD PROCESSING, term papers, 
experienced dissertations, 7 days a 
week, 4.0 English Skills. references 
755-2683. (4/26-617) 
Never miss a phone call, never lose a 
message. AMVOX Telephone Answer-
ing and Messaging Service answers 
your phone ... On or before the first ring, 
Even if you're using it , even if several 
calls come at same time. Receive Every 
Call with AMVOX Service. Amway 
distributor. Jim 491-1216. (4126-513) 

WANTED 

Earn $500-$1500 part time. stuffing 
envelopes in your home. For free info. 
send a self-addressed, stamped 
envelope to : P.O . Box 81953 , 
Albuquerque. NM 87198. (4112-4126) 

ATIENTION - HIRINGI Government 
jobs - your area. $17,840 - $69,485. 
Call 1-602-838-8885. Ext R-18113. 
( 4/16-4130) 

-v Typing 
-V Word Processing 
-V Resumes 
-V Desktop Publishing 
-V Repor ts 
-V Newsletters 
FREE Pick Up a Delive ry 

380 SleveN Ave .• Ste. 315 
Solano Beach. CA 92075 

259-0906 

Thursday, April 26, 1990 

Earn $75.00. Subjects wanted lor a 
study on the effects of alcohol. II you 
are a UCSD student or non-academic 
staff, American born male of entirely 
Japanese, Chinese, or Korean descent. 
call Scripps Clinic and Research 
Foundation for more information, 554-
2192. (4/2-617) 

Asthma Research. Mild to moderate 
asthmatics are needed to help evaluate 
new medications. Earn up to $250 and 
receive a free physical and medications. 
Clinical Trials Center. Phone 294-3787. 
(315-4130) 

HELP WANTED . $9.85 to start. 
National retail chain filling 15 openings. 
No experience required. Scholarships 
available. No door to door or phone 
sales. Call 565-1533 9-3 p.m. (3/12-
4/30) 

Research subjects: Healthy 
menstruating women ages 18-30 with 
long, irregular cycles. Daily blood 
drawing. Sleeping with night light x 5 
nights. $1 O.OOlblood. ($300.00 + total). 
Message: 552-8585 ext. 3219. Say 
"Menstrual Study: (419 - 4/26) 

Spring into the UCSD Annual Fund on 
campus, flexible evening hours. $7/hr. 
Call 587-1585. (4116-4/26) 

ATIENTION: EARN MONEY TYPING 
AT HOMEI $32 ,000Iyr. income 
potential. Details (1 )602-838-8885 Ext 
T-18113. (4116-4/30) 
MAKE EVERY DAY EARTH DAY. 
Summer Campaigns for the 
Environment. Earn $2500-$3500. Help 
pass the Clean Air Act, tighten pesticide 
controls, and promote comprehensive 
recycling . Work available in 18 states 
& D.C. Kate 800/75-EARTH. (4/19-
4130) 

LOVE TEACHING CHILDREN? Paid 
training position ava il. with 
DEVELOPMENTAL DANCE. Send 
resume or information requests to : J. 
Fletcher, 2565 Montgomery Ave., 
Cardiff, CA 92007. (4123-4130) 
Broken Macintosh equipment wanted 
for CE student. Willing to negotiate a 
trade. Call 535-0930. (4/23-4/30) 

Be your own boss. Part or full time. 
Earn $500-50,000 a month. 270·6149. 
(4123-4126) 

FREE TRAVEL BENEFITSI AIRLINES 
NOW HIRINGI ALL POSITIONSI 
$17,500-$58,240. Call (1) 602-838-
8885 Ext. X-18113. (4123-4130) 
Tutor for after school kids, light house 
work, reliable car. 2:30 - 5:30. $6!hour. 
481-96121evenings. (4/26) 
UNHAPPY? FREE research studies 
evaluating medications are available 
to people suffering from depression. 
Symptoms indude sadness, fatigue, 
guilt. loss of interest in daily actiVities, 
and difficulties sleeping, eating, and 
concentrating. Suitable volunteers 
receive free medications, lab tests, 
physicals and psychiatric evaluation. 
18 or older. Free studies also available 
for panic. Call The Feighner Research 
Institute at 464-4300 Monday - Friday 
10 a.m. - 4 p.m.(4/26-6/7) 

r UCSO SPECIAL 
NEW CliENTS ONL V 

Replace aayIic nails wIIh a 'New 
Product" caIed Luma Gel Bond Nails. 

$311 Reg. $45. Give yow nail Ihat 
CL£AR NA ruRAl LOOKI 

• Acrylics .............................. $16.95 
• Fils .................................... $10.95 
• Silk Wrap ............................ $25.00 
• Linen Wrap ............... ......... $25.00 
• Fiberglass .......................... $25.00 
• Pedicure ............................ $10.95 
• Manicure ......................... .. $5.95 
" ./ 

1746 GARNET AYE. PIICIIc IIeecII 
(Comer of Hainea & Gamel) 

Next to KIIIiIcky Fried CIickIn. 
PIIIdng lot IYIiIIbII. 

Cal 483-6118 

Thursday, April 26, 1990 

FREE TRAVEL BENEFITSI CRUISE 
SHIPS AND CASINOS HOW HIRING I 
ALL POSITIONSI Call (1) 602-838-
8885 Ext. Y-18113. (4123-4130) 
WANTED: Female models, athlet ic 
physique. some muscle for 
photographic theme shoots; 
constr\lction worker, cowgirl, sleeves 
rolled up, business woman, etc. GOOD 
PAY. Please call with description and 
phone number. 753-8941 . (4126) 

Spend at least 3 months in Pisa, Italy 
with Italian family to look after baby for 
free room and board. Work only 112 
day. Must be female . Call Anne 454-
5841 . (4126-513) 

Need extra money? Spare time? 
National marketing firm offers part-
time position posting promotional 
material on campus. Call Larry at 800 
592-2121. (4126-4130) 

Housecleaners, window washers , $7-
$14Ihours,8-25 hour week , flex , 
punctual, professional, reliable car, 
must have some experience. must 
work through summer, good 
references. 259-87311 M-F t 2p.m-
5p.m. leave message. (4126-617) 

Person wanled to drive 31 foot 
Motorhome to Denver, Kansas City, 
St. Louis, or Dayton. OH departing 
San Diego May 26 and traveling about 
100 miles per day to support 3 middle-
age bicyclists riding to Ohio. Terms 
negotiable. Call 454-4274. (4/26-4/30) 

Vicious Butterlly Fantasy needs 
bassist (Hard Rock) . Auditions : 
Sunday 4/29 USB 2722 4-11 , Loren 
587-0109. (4126) 

FOR SALE 
Desk, book hutch. printer table. Good 
quality, hardly used. $100 for all. Call 
Wendy 546-9112. (4/12-4/26) 

Guitar Sunburst Fender Strat amp. 65 
watt fender sidekick $450 together 
o.b.o. separate. Mike 454-05901 . 
(4/16-4/30) 

VWRabbit, '77Champagnecolor. New 
tires, paint, interior, superb condition, 
very reliable, $1 ,950. 944-9008. 
(4/16-4126) 

Glasspar. tri -hull whaler style 75 
Evinrude . Trailer and all extras 
included. $1300/0.b .o. Call Dan Lorch 
454-SEXI. (4/19-5/3) 

'65 Ford Mustang, very nice, runs 
excellent, lots of extras, $4,700 o.b .o. 
Aaron 558-6565. (4/19-4126) 

Ski boots, weights: Solomon SX70 
men's size 9 $40; Iron weight set + 
benchpress $40. 792-9817. (4/19-
4130) 
VW RabbitDiesel, 1980, vg . condition . 
A steal at $10001 Phone 450-4671, 
leave message, (4119-517) 

Beautiful Burmese Python -1 314 years 
old. Must sell - steal of a deal at $200 
or best offer. Call Dan at 291 -7462. 
(4/23-4/30) 

Smith-Corona Typewriter 4 months 
old. 135.00 o.b.o. need to selll 558-
8181 leave message. (4/23-4/26) 

1986 Honda Elite 150 Delux. Excellent 
condition and appearance. UCSD 
parking sticker. $850.00 296-7127. 
(4123-4126) 

Car Stereo- Aiwa CTX-40011 pullout 
with fold down face plate, MTX 35SB 
Roadthunder speakers, coustlc "190· 
Arnp(Total200watts) must see. Worth 
$1 ,000 will sell $500. 272-2079. (41 
23-4126) 

Calculators HP41CV with manual , 
case, $80.00 HP15C with manuals. 
case, $30.00 558 -7176, leave 
message. (4123-4126) 

Macintosh 20MB hard drive. $295.00 
450-9192. (4123-4126) 

Honda aero 50 scooter; excellent 
condition ; 80 cents per week gas; easy 
upkeep; $300, evenings 558-8986. 
(4123-617) 

Queen mattress - like new $200; 
sailboard: 10'9" fanatic 516 sail ; car 
rack, $375. Keary 549-8359. (4123-
4126) 

1983 Audi 5000 Turbo diesel, excellent 
condition, black, all power, rebuiH motor, 
$3,200 o.b.o. 454-3469. (4/23-513) 

HP-28S Scientific Calculator, new 
condition. Also three application guides 
(Matrices, Calculus, and Statistics) 
$100 for all. 558-1498 (4/23-5/5) 
'82 Datsun B210 - $1250. Reliable 2 
door sedan. 5 sp. Very clean. Call 298-
8512. (4126-4/30) 

'80 VW Rabbit - $1600.00 Good 
condition, 4 door. 4 speed, Pioneer 
pullout system, new carpet, all service 
recOf'ds, great for summerl Call 298-
8512 for more info. (4/26-4/30) 

Bridgestone Desert Dueler TIres (4) 
33x12 . 5R15L T : $100 .00; White 
Canvas Top for Suzuki Samurai wi 
frame (used 1 week) $75.00; Samurai 
Bra (Black/Red) $50.00; Samurai 
Visors & rearview mirror $25.00. 534-
3725. (4126-4130) 

Buy real estate I Earn eqUity for your 
future and save on taxes. Don 't waste 
money on rent. Many homes and 
condos for sale in the university area. 
Don 457-2730. (4126) 

Car stereo amplifier 300 watts . 
Spectrum KAC 300. Only $110. Matt 
453-9381 . (4/26) 

1966 Mustang. Excellent condition, sold 
by 5-yearowner. $2,9000.b.o. Michele 
or Carlos at 558-8533. (4126-4130) 

T he UCSD Guardian 

1977 MGB, needs some engine work, 
great summer car. $1300. 436-9440 
leave message. (4126) 

HOUSING 

Want to make money while you are 
out of town this summer? Rent your 
house, apartment or part thereof to 
responsible law students who will be 
clerking at Seltzer Caplan Wilkins & 
McMahon in San Diego. Please call 
Maria Macias at 294-2801 Extension 
135 for further information. (4/2-4/30) 

W condo to share wi female. 2 BR, 
security, all amenities, garage, tennis , 
pool , etc., walk to UCSDI shopping, 
non-smoking, prefer grad. student, 
$437.50. Available June. 458-9t68. 
(412-4130) 

Subletting your apartment th is 
summer? Local law firm seeking 
summer housing for law clerks. Call 
Karen at 699-3542 with details. (412-
5110) 

International House applications 
available at Resident Deans offices, 
International Center and IRiPS. Due 
4/27190. (419-4126) 

Share 2 BR apartment near beach in 
Del Mar. 380:00 month + utilities. Unda 
481 -3797. (4/19-4126) 

Duplex 4 bd. 2112 bath house; pooV 
tennis_ Walk to UCSD. Best location. 
$1750. 459-2935; 551-9203. (4/t9-
4/30) 

Your own room lor rent in Hillcrest for 
$250/month + 1/4 utilities. Just until 
the end of June. Call 291-7462. (4123-
4/26} 

Beautiful room, board, salary lor part-
time child care (Boy, 9) Female 
nonsmoker. Del Mar. 481 -6115. 
(4126-5/7) 

Room to share for summer. $295 + 11 
3 util . Near campus 587-0451 . Jim. 
(4126) 

PERSONALS 

ONE MONTH TOURING POLAND -
HUNGARY - CZECHOSLOVAKIA -
EAST GERMANY - $1 ,495. includes 
airfare. This rate good for nonstudents 
also. TIbor.444-8234; Ann. 459-0883. 
(4/2-4/30) 
International House Applications 
available at Resident Dean's Offices. 
International Center and I RIPS. Due 
4127t90. (4/9-4126) 
Golden Key Honor Society meeting 41 
26,7 p.m. Price Center Gallery A. All 
old and new members welcome! 
( 4/23-4126) 

THE NEW GROVE CAFE. Have you 
seen the expansion? We're now open 
to please your culinary buds! (4/23-
4/26) 

Jostens Rep at Bookstore next week, 
Monday-Wednesdayfrom 10:00-3:00 
p.m. Your UCSD ring on sale. (4123-
4/26) 

THIS JUNE 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

Congratulations Dee Gee ISVT team 
lor making it to the top 16 at Zuma. 
You're awesome. (4126) 

STUDENT HEALTH ADVOCATES -
take blood pressures, give talks on birth 
control , screen for colds. do fitness 
testing, and more. Call now Kaleen, 
534-3874 or Dalynn, 534-2419. (4126) 

HUNGRY?! SigKaps Spaghetti Dinner. 
Sunday at Warren Commons. 5-8. 2.50 
from SigKapl3.00 at door. (4/26) 

Kim + Dakin. Mark + Theresa. Brian + 
Kate, John + Monal Hey ho to DavE' the 
RAI WooSHI (4126) 

Carrie - Have you seen Baby Bob? 
Someone probably stole him, eh? 
(4126) 

ZBTs - we had a raging time as we rode 
our Harley Davidsons into the night. 
OeaGee( 4/26) 

WANT TO WORK ABROAD? OAP Info 
Session Thursday, April 26 12-1 . 
International Center Lounge. (4126) 

To the Fraternities: Congratulations on 
your pledges, can't wait to meet you at 
Anchorsplash. D.G. (4/26) 

Sigma Kappas get psyched! OUR 
VIOLET B.4,LL is just a day away. 
(4126) 

Amy Halley - good luck in waterpolo 
finals this weekend. We love you! Your 
DeeGee sisters. (4126) 

All STUDENT HEALTH ADVOCATE 
applicants. call Kaleen 534-3874 or 
Dalynn. 534-2419 today. (4/26) 

500 MAJOR CORPORADONS 
Will BE MEmNG 

1500 GRADUAlES IN 
SAN DIEGO. 

Will YOU BE THERE ? 

If youtre smart you will be. Because when you join the 
Hire Power Information Network you'll be linked to over 500 
San Diego employers. These corporate subscribers repre ent 
thousands of jobs in the Health, Legal, Financial, Insurance, 
Real Estate, Retail and Service Industries. For a nominal fee , 
you can become part of the Network. Thi year in the San 
Diego area, there are over 50,000 graduate . Only 1500 will 
make it into Hire Power. We suggest you call today. 

RJ.Y.P.IY MAY 20, 619-492-9700 

We wrotc Tbc Book on QuaUfkd Employt:cs. 

, 

.. 

v 

-



18 SPORTS Tbe UCSD Guardian 

ATTENTION! 
S'fIJIlEN'fS Facully Sttlg 
Another HOUSING Option! 

Introducing La Jolla Del Sol. the University of California, 
San Diego's newest housing option. While we are an 
integral part of the UCSD Housing Program, we provide a 
unique environment for Graduate Students, Married 
Students, Faculty and Staff, 
You will be attracted to the distinctive and well-planned 
design of the Community. Our Condo-style one- and 
two-bedroom apartments offer variable interior ameni-
ties including: wood-burning fireplaces; vaulted and 
cathedral ceilings; private patios and balconies; pre-
wiring for cable N ; kitchens with stove , refrigerator, and 
dishwasher; covered parking assignments and off-street 
parking. 
The Community offers for extracurricular activities: two 
solar-heated swimming pools with spas, two lighted 
tennis courts and a weight room. 
Our outstanding location Is within walking distance to 
three regional shopping malls: University Towne Center 
(UTC), La Jolla Village Square. Costa Verde, plus a Vons 
Convenience Center. San Diego Transit provides bus 
service that is available for your use from La Jolla del $01 
to UCSD campus. 
Come visit La Jolla Del Sol , one of the finest facilities in 
the University of California system. 

LA JOLLA DEL SOL 
San Diego. CA 92122 

8046 Regents Road 
587-1221 

M. V-BALL 
ontinued from page 14 

phomore olltside hill er Nate 
Brown, and sophomore right-side 
player Bryan Palmer. 

Lim led the conference in hit-
ting percentage this year. 

" He's basically uns toppable. If 
hits the ball o ut of bound , it ' 
because he hit it too hard," Gray-
bill said of Lim. 

Thursday, April 26, 1990 

Brown led the team in kills and 
had a .325 hilling percentage. 

On March 3 1, the last time the 
Tritons and the Banana lug ' faced 
off, UCSD sweptthe match in three 
games 15-6, 15-7, 15- 11. 

" If we're hilling on all ix cylin-
ders , we're going to be tough to 
stop," Graybill said. 

In the other first round and 
semifinal matchup, Santa Clara will 
play La Verne. 

A~NlvEitsmi 
sale 

SAVE 30%-70% 
• NEON SHADES $6 
• RAY BAN WAYFARERS $38.50 
• VAURNET lust $49,00 
• REVOS now Il,Ist $115.50 
• T-SHIRTS & TANKS from $9.99 
• WOMEN'S rops under $10 

HUGE SAVINGS ON 
MUCH MUCH MOREl 

Sole ends 4/ 29/90 
HURRYI 

----------I SAVE 30%-500/. ON UeSD I 
I I-SHIRTS • IANKS • SWEAIS I I With coupon. Save 30% on hot new UCSD T's and tanks. I I Save 50% on UCSD sweats. Expires 4/29/90. I 
: wtpa,ifi, ~~e& & T& : 
I The California Attitude I 
I LA JOLLA VilLAGE SQUARE I 
I 8855 VILLA LA JOLLA DR, #401 .535-0365 I L ____________________ ~ 

Financing 
Your Education 
CanBeA 
Balancing Act. .. 
Talk To Us 
About A 
Student Loan! 

• Fast • Local 
We dare other lenders to beat us! 
If you need special help, we 
aren't a vague voice in New York 
or Sacramento. We're here and 
we help. 
FREE CREDIT UNION 
MEMBERSIDP! 
We waive your membership fee 
and you enjoy outstanding finan-
cial services from any of 22 
countywide branch locations. 

Call us for more info about 

Stafford, SIS, or PLUS 
546-2063 

or ask your Financial Aid Department 

"The Student Loan Store" 

I. 

__ aI IS • S400 moIion a<d. union whoch .... _ the...a.c:...onal oomm......,. d Son 0 .... County 
rot' tnOfC than • qwt'Cr ocncury. bi.cI, WIN, mndi .... and M:I'VkD aulIjB:t ID ~. 

AJlIoono lUbjoa ., acGt ~ 

Thursday, April 26, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

PHIL'S PRIME PICKS 
By PHIL GRUEN 

NBA PLAYOFFS FIRST ROUND 
(Phil is currently 19-15) 

WESTERN CONFERENCE EASTERN CONFERENCE 

Houston +2 games 
L.A. LAKERS 

Phoenix + I game 
UTAH 

Indiana +2 games 
DETROIT 

New York + I game 
BOSTON 

Denver Even Cleveland + I game 
PHILADELPHIA SAN ANTONIO 

Dallas + I game 
PORTLAND 

Milwaukee +2 games 
CHICAGO 

PHIL'S ANALYSIS ... This is a bit risky, for upsets don ' t occur frequently in the first 
round of the NBA playoffs. But here goes ... take Phoenix, Dallas, and New York. Utah 
is overrated and fairly one-dimensional (Malone), Portland will choke, and Boston 
won ' t pull it off. As for the other guys, go with San Antonio, Detroit, Philly, and Jordan. 
1 mean Chicago. Oh yeah. Take the Lakers, too - they' ll probably go all the way without 
much of a problem, like usual. 

S-LINE 
Continued from page 15 
have posted the second and fou rth-
best marks in Divison Ill. 

Also at Pomona, Erica Wash-
ington, who is ranked third nation-
ally in both the 100m and 200m, 
barely missed qualifyi ng for the 
nationals in both events. 

At MI. SAC, the frustration 

>.~ I~ ::= ~ 

·No officiaJ line (rom 1I1yM(JJI . tAt'S TQ/t. Oi, B. CA 

carried over to two other Tritons 
who were shy of a trip to Illinois. 

Merrell Horaclocked just seven-
tenths off the 14:45.0 qualifying 
standard in the 5000m. 

Bobbie Octavo, ranked fourth 
nationally in the javelin with a 
129'6", threw just short of the 
131 '3" requirement. 

At MI. SAC, Michelle Conlay 
became UCSD's first triple qual i-

fier with a 17:31.5 in thc 5000m. 
Conlay's time is the second-

best in Division ill so far this sea-
son. She has also qualified in the 
3000m and the 1O,OOOm, the laner 
of which she is ranked third. 

The fourth school record to fall 
this weekend was broken by its 
prev ious owner, as national leader 
Scott Sargeant threw a 196 '9" in 
the hammer. 

INTERCOLLEGIATE 

SPORTS 19 

UCSD's 
orlghtal 

pizzeria is 
sUU 'be besll 

ATHLETES 0 the MONTH 

C6therine Caprllell, Swimming, Junior· Henry Ji",.nu, S.SllbMI, Senlor·W.,· 
Muir, ThoItre · What do you do when the I'M, Applied MMh«nMlcIL' One constant 
cofllllltition and rigors of a division I sport for the Tritons tor the past 4 years has been 
deleriorate your interest to the point where the presenceot hard-hitting IeflfielderHenry 
ilis no longer enioyable? One answer is to Jimenez. A 4-year starter, Henry is cur-
transfer to a schoot where the cofllllltition is rently leading the Tri tons offensively with a 
still solid, but sport is taken tor tun. Cather· .425 baNing average, 3 home runs and 25 
ine did just that, and dorrinated at the Divi· RBt's. A career .300 hitter, Hank also ranks 
sion II National Championships. At Nation· 2nd in career triples, 4th in runs, 4th in 
ats, Catherine showed the torm thai helped stolen bases and 7th in doubles. And what 
her place 7th in the 1988 OIympi(: triats in about atter his senior year? Well, after 
the 200 backstroke by winning the 100 and taking a year to finish schoot, look tor the 
200 backstroke and the 200 individual Oceanside native 10 take his skills down 
medley, setting Division lit records in the under tor a little baseball in Australia. 
laNer 2 events. She also became the only Congratulations on an outstanding career, 
Triton ever named swimmer olthe meet a1 Henry. 
Nationals. Congratulations, Catherine, and 
good lucknext year. 

~ if !!ud~~!'!~~ag~,,)~ !3J.:.;$. dine at BJ's for free! Congrats to both TrUons. 
:.t~ 8873 Villa ltIJolla Dr. ltIJolla Village Cenler455.0662 

-~ ~ 
to-

i1 is 
4 ~~ ~~ 

Any Fresh 
Service Deli 
Pizza 

00 
OFF 

I >.~ 
==I! ~ 

~ 
WED • MAY 9 • 7:30 PM 

UCSD MANDEVILLE 
AUDITORIUM 
77CK"~~"". 

... ,~ .-c. •. ' o.:fI 
.... ,."e-Tl •• 

Sludlnt dIIcounl 
IIcMII CMIIIabIe at 
UCSD IIcNI 0IIIcI. 

Discover Ralphs Chef Express and Enjoy a Wide 
Variety of Freshly Prepared Entrees and Salads. 

88~5 Villa La dolla 

AppleCare 
Half price sale! 

Buy the AppleCare extended warranty 
now for 12 months and only pay for 
6 months! 

Add AppleCare to existing warranty on your Macintosh computer 
or buy new coverage. This offer good for a limited time only! 
(Expires May 31, 1990.) Limited to 1 year purchase. 

For further information, call the Computer Center 
at 534·4291 



20 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 26, 1990 

0 ..... , Beacb Volleyball Crowns 1810 Cbamps' 

SOFTBALL 

It was a pretty atypical beach 
ay for San Diego last Saturday 
~~~.~and not surprisingly results from 

'''';M;l,lI~ the 1990 UCSDBeach Sports Festi-
val fell into a somewhat similar 
pattern, as over 200 UCSD ers 
competed in the annual Collegia te 
Over-The-Line and Beach Volley-
ball competitions. 

awarded toalldivisional finalists) . 

BudMan's Rankings as of April 24 

With weather cond itions chang-
ing almost hourly (this could have 
been Kansas), tournament par-
ticipants found their games doing 
pretty much the same thing. In 
and out, up and down, over and 
through .... no one really could get 

The OTL Women's Division 
provided perhaps the most drama 
of the day as two evenly matched 
squads, Ruthless Babes and OTL/ 
OTR, battled it out for a good two 
and a half hours in a best 2-of-3 
showdown for the title. After 
splitting preliminary games, Ruth-
less and OTL/om squared off in 
a marathon final that rroduced a 
winner after 13 bruta innings of 
play (OTL is a five-inning game). 
In the end, the heroine wasOTL/ 

om's Amy Goldberg, a hard-hit-
tingjunior from MuirCollege, who 
carved a wicked, left-handed line 
drive into the court for the win-
ning RBI to give OTL/OTR a 6-5 
lead. Two more hits by teammates 
Jana Carey and Meg Wenrich 
boosted the final margin to 8-5 in 
the longest Over-TIle-Line game 
ever played in the 14-year old 
history of the tournament. 

:rum 
Men'sAAA 
1. Spank the Monkey 
2. No Clue 
3. TKE 
4. Touch Your Doink 
5. Sam's Malarkie 

Men's AA 

2-0 
2-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 

1. N's On Ice 2-0 
2. No Banaga's Ambition 3-0 
3. Pork's Got the 1/4's 3-0 

Coed AA 
1. Guf 3-0 
2. Foul Play 2-0 
3. Purple Toupee 2-0 
4. Nite Eyes 2-0 
5. Our Guys Have No Balls 2-0 

Coed A 
1. Norm 
2. Lett Out 
3. Rusly Gates 

a consistent handle on much of 
anything except having a good 
time. 

In the end there were survi-
vors. ?lentyofthem. And most of 
them walked home with champi-
onship hardware (actually, that's 
a misnomer ... softwear would be 
better ... since colorful beach turtle 
necks and beach shorts were 

1990 Beach Sports F •• tlval R .... 1ts 

The well-attended, JFC Over-
The-Line division was a study in 
intensi ty as two never-say-die 
dubs each from Sigma Phi Epsilon 
and Phi Delta Theta banged their 
way into the semifinal round s 
against each other. As fate would 
have it, Sig Eps I and Phi Delt II 
wound up in the final with the Sig 
Ers eventually prevailing in a 
dISgusting 1-0 defensive battle. 

Kevin Gelbard , Brian Leecing, 
and John Wood stood proudly on 
the victory stand at the 
tournament's conclusion toaccept 
their awards for the Sig Eps, but 
when approached for a post-tour-
nament mterview from Channel 
S's Ted Leitner, the threesome 
could feel the first question com-
ing. Ted said in his most scareas-
tic tone, " Now, guys, about your 
hitting .... uuhh! Gelbard, Leecing 
and Wood set world-records head-
ing for their cars. 

4. Big Sticks 1-0 4. Bressiers Brats 

2-0 
3-0 
1-0 
3-0 
3-0 
1-0 
3-0 
2-0 
1-0 
2-0 

Oy"·tbtUn. 
Women's 
Men's 

OTUOTR def. Ruthless Babes (Wendv Bronson, Wen6y Converse, Ruth Prange) 8·5.13 inn. 
5. Badnad 1-0 5. Surfing Monkeys Skunks and Maggots vs. The Felchers (Championship Play-off this week) 
6. '00' Yacht Club 1-0 6. Field Of Drunks 
7. Slapp It Through 2-0 7. All Morons But Me 

Coed 
IFC 

Two Out Of Three del. No Kimberlevs. 5-2 
Sig Phi Epsilon I def. Phi Detta Theta II, 1-0 

Beach VOHeylllll 
8. Slow & Ugly 1-0 
g. Surtbeat 1-0 
10. Strickly T-Ball 1-0 

8. AI Bundy's Disciples 
9. NiteOwls 
10. Swamp Masters 

Mixed Open Rob Crotty·Rachel Rischar del. Lenny Naftalun-Jodi Marcucci 15-2 (Finals) 
Crotty-Rischar del. Stuart Hay-Romy Mason, 15-0 Nallalun- Marcucci def. Noah 
Salzman-Rosie Shillinger, 15·6 (Semi-finals) 

Men 's A 
1. Boys WlBig Bats 3-0 

2-0 
3-0 
1-0 
3-0 
2-0 

Women 
1. Garvey's Wives 1-0 

1-0 
1-0 
0-0 

Team Badminton • A Birdy's Eye View 
2. Turbo Phallus 
3. TheWlnd 
4. Ducks On The Pond 
5. Einstein's Relatives 
6. Vinnis's Diamond 

2. Ruthless Babes 
3. Eyelines 
4. Above The law 

I'm guessing many of you had the same introduction to bad-
minton as I did: found a miniature tennis racket lying around the 
garage right behind the lawnmower, just below the tandem bi-
cycle on a hook. 

7. No Brain, No Pain 2-0 
8. TIme to Come Home 2-0 
g. Left at the Price Center 2-0 
10. TLouis Slugger 3-0 

Of course, your parents never actually bought the rackets-no 
one ever knows where they come from. I think they come with the 
house, actually in the deed. I remember myoid house-3 8ed-
room, 11/2 Bath, 2 Rackets. You firsftried out the thing by bonking 
your little sister on the head with it. Yeah, badminton was fun! 
~--------------------"------------, And even ~ you were the 'bonkee', you 

INTRAMURAL 

Takin'lt 
To The 

VOL LEY B ALL 
'NHN. NNA 
INHNA HNI 
mHNN. INNI 
NNf.lNNt, iNN 
NNfNN!HHN 

iNN! VNNNN~ 
iNN 'NNNNI 
VNN VNNN 
N~t ·N.N~ 

Volleyball. You can't get enough oflt_ It's the most worthwhile sport In the department, 
so why don't they have It all year round? I know there's 1M coed this quarter, but that's 
not really where It's at for me, Besides, my knees are stili sore from last quarter In the Rec 
Gym. What's wrong with the sand anyways? 

Does this sound like you at all? Well, have we got news for you. We had room for one 
more sport In thesprlng program, and we've made Itsand volleyball, That's right, Intramural 
tw~rson sand volleyball has arrived at UCSO, But hey, no time forthank-you'_e've 
gotta get down to business. 

The captain's meeting for the Inaugural season was held this past Tuesday, but there 
stili are a few spots left. If you have the urge to bound and pound at Beac:h-UCSO this spring, 
come on by Canyonvlew today and find out If we can fit you In to a convenient league. 

Matches will be. played on the Muir and Natatorium courts on Mondays and Thursdays. 
Leagues will be set up for: 

overcame that initial setback to the garre a little 
taler atfamiy barbeaJes. dad's compIVly picnic, 
or even that one semester 01 P.E., yOU' soph~ 
more year in high school. The thought 01 playing 
n seemed siIy-oot a real sport, you t~l 
Then you played~ , and., the wtiIe you lit that 
plastic birdy so hard you thought it would bleed. 
Yeah, badminlOn was loo! 

Having the equipment was easy (see 
above). Fmdingacourt wasn1difflCOlteither-
two tires Md some grassy space did the tricI<. 
and while you'd be hard pressed to find such a 
space at UCSD. badminton IS alive and well on 
the hara..ood of theMai1 Gym. 

Goose My ShutfIeclIc*. Bird's Nesl Scup, 
Stroke My PsaQX/I-they're all out there M0n-
day and Tuesday r1ght in coed competrtion that 
boasts a oonsislenl :JO.351eams every year. 

Introduced as a league sport to the intra· 
mural program seven years ago, Team Bad-
minton has really found its niche .nong stu-
demswho ate genuinely serioos aboutthe gMl8 
and want more than just one yeaf1y badminlon 
to~nament. 

Modeled after prolessional team tennis, 
coed badminton uses the 8-pofnt scoring sys-
temto decide the match. Two men's slnglesMd 
two women's singles malches ate worth a point 
each, while ..aIhe! point Is awarded to the 
winnet of each men's and women's douIlIes 
match and each 01 two mixed doubles matches. 

As in evtfY IIoA SPOrt. the A dvIsIons In bad-
minton attract the ~ participantS. Most A 
players have the ' Ba<inim()(l---lO'l\at the hel. 
why notr altitude. and the level of pfay certainly 

relleds it 1irst sport" of the 
majority 01 the players at this level, but the 
concensus is that bactninton is certainly the 
most relaxing 01 the spoIlS they play. 

-, really don1 know what I'm doing out 
here: one A competitcf says, "so I don·t really 
know whether I'm winning or losing. Besides, I 
don' expect as much 01 mysen as I WOIIId in, 
say. voleyball: 

Stil, there's something intriguing, even 
frustrating, about hitting an object with II your 
strength and watching n land a lew leet from 
where you hit n. 

Perhaps this Is why badminton games con-
sistenUy progress ~om poite to intense as me 
game nears 15. And even though the playing 
surtace is second only to ping·pong in small· 
ness, competitors emerge from badminton 
games beading with sweal. 

Thenthere's M. For many 01 these people 
this is it We're talkilg bring-your-own·birdies. 
aJ$10111 rackets, heavy stretching, team mas-
cots. These are your Friday night badminton 
players, many 01 them. and you can tell they've 
been to a lew more company pieties than you 
have. 

Mal)' have played varsity badninton in 
high school. Take Amy Hsu of the Birdy Kllers 

A liYe·yeat veterill 01 the game, her high 
school experience is noticeable as she easily 
keepsupwith the last and furious pace 01 mixed 
dOuIlIes. 

Badninton enthusiasts nave already had a 
~s·wide toum;rnentthis year. andanother 
one Is set for this weelIend. The Soo God 
BaOnrnton Challenge is 011 for Apri 28·29, with 
sigl,upsaJrrenlty invcgue at Canyonview. Who 
Mows. you could end up lacing the Amy Hsu in 
the finals. 

Men's - Monday 5&6 PM 
Women's - Thursday 5 PM 
Mixed - Thursday 6 Prt:' 

TIle Bud ..... II • peId HYertWnc futon of Coea1 Dla1r1but1nc Co. 

The season will run from April 30 to May 31, with playoffs s 
further Information on our Sand Volleyball Leagues, please call MI 
Dan Mulvllle (558-7686) and we'll be happy to oblige you. 

ay 30_ If you need 
Ipp (534-4037) or 

L _______________________________________________________________ ~ 

t AT l)~ 
arts entertainment 

APRil 26, 1990 

Perrier, sushi, thirtysomething, guys 
with ponytails, faux accents, car-
phones, sun-dried tomatoes, cappuc-
cinos, networking, pine nuts - Cafe 
Japengo, 

After dining in one of the four res-
taurants in La Jolla's Aventine com-
plex, Cafe Japengo, the aforemen-
tioned word association is easily un-
derstood. Entering the restaurant is 
something like being hit on the head 
with a 20 lb. slab of pretension. 

It's difficult to determine which ele-
ment of the restaurant Is the most snooty 
- is it the staff, who look like they just 
stepped out of an MlV video, or is it the 
decor, something of the currently 
trendy east-meets-west theme? 

It's safe to say that every female em-
ployee at Japengo looks like a Robert 
Palmer girl, and every male employee 
looks like a female employee, The serv-
ice, while efficient and friendly, has a 
strange element, You get the feeling 
that even though they are serving you 
now, if you had gone to high school 
with them, they wouldn't have sat next 
to you in the cafeteria. 

We could describe the atmosphere 
for you, but perhaps it would be better 
to let Executive Chef James Cleffi dis-

CUSS the symbolism and deep meaning 
behind the decor: "East meets West is the 
theme in food as well as interior, We 
worked on the opposites, the yin and the 
yang philosophy. Rocks on the ground, 
juxtaposed with slate and cement and 
silk-screens and metal. H Cleffi described. 

He explained in an interview that Jap-
engo means "a sharing of souls," He 
claims, • Food is just a small, small part of 
what Cafe Japengo is all about. H 

"Experience it - live Japengo," he 
continued, .. Japengo to me is a style of 
life. I would like anybody - Mr. Generic -
to come in here and feel comfortable. I 
wanted to create an atmosphere where 
people felt comfortable both networking 
and hanging out. I wanted this to be like 
a club and a restaurant. H 

The food maintains the trendy 
Darryl YeeiGuardian 

"I wanted familiar items so that I wouldn't scare 
people off," quality of the environment; 

however, for some un-
known reason, the food 
succeeds where the 
atmosphere fails . 

CAFE JAPENOO: 
8960 University Center 

Lane. 

Cleffi continued, "I wanted identifiable 
products so I could educate people, Jap-

engo is an unusual place; this type of 
food can 't be found everywhere: 

Clefti discussed the 
goal of the cuisine: 
"The food Is eclectic 
yet identifiable, with 
Asian influences, Uke, 
I have my (Western) 
rackoflamb,butl made 
it with a sesame crust to 
give it that Asian overtone. 

Lunch hours 
11 :30 a.m. to 2:30 p,m., 

lion. - Fri. 

For starters, the grilled sake shrimp 
and cri$p vegetables ($9.50) is a wise 
choice. All the ingredients tasted fresh 

and were delicately seasoned. An-
other good appetizer is the warm duck 

and spinach salad with cabernet vinai-
grette ($6,50), The duck was tender and 

julcy, but not fatty - a rare combination. 
For the main dish, the menu is divided into 

three sections: The Wok, Woodroasted, and Pacific 
Rim Grill and Specialties, From the wok section, a rec-
ommended dish is Thai pork, Japanese eggplant with 
basil and crisp potatoes ($14,00), While spicy, the pork 
doesn't bring sweat to the brow, 

Dinner hours 
5:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m. 

Sun. - Thurs., a 
5:30 p.m. to 11:00 p.m. 

Fri. and Sat. 

Another tasty choice for an entree, from the Pacific 
Rim Grill and Specialties portion, is the grilled Hawaiian 
mahi mahl and eggplant ($15,50) , All of the fish is fresh , 
and cooked to perfection, 

It is impossible to find fault with the food. The only 
complaint that could possibly be lodged is the price, 
but the menu is diverse enough to allow for an elegant 
dinner for under $20 per person, 

The wave of the future? Japengo's pretty, albeit pretentious, interior. Darryl YeeiGuardioll 

If you want to impress someone who reads Interview 
magazine or who thinks Brett Easton Ellis is a really 
bitchin' writer, then take that someone to Cafe Jap-
engo. Otherwise, it should be avoided at all costs. 
After all , what kind of restaurant has billboards with a 
picture of a woman with multi-colored teased tresses 
for advertising? 

Music: Film: 
An introduction to local Baldwin's Miami Blues gets 
band Bunji Thump. P2 two thumbs down. P3 



Beer Checkers: Boot Factor 2 

Beer Checkers is not intended for old men on 
park benches. Rather, mixing beer and checkers 
makes the most boring game on earth really 
come to life. 

To play, merely substitute shot glasses filled 
with beer for checkers. When your cup is jumped, 
you drink it. And when your men make it across 
the board, instead of"kinging" them and making 
them double shots, you can replace the beer with 
a shot of hard booze. 

Opposing players should use different colors or 
styles of shot glasses. Or, bener yet, use light and 
dark beer. 

Party Safe - Don't Drink and D rive 
Th& Guardian does not condone the consumption of alcohol by minors. 

Repnnted With permission from The Complete Bqok of Beer Drinkin~ 
~ by R.,nd, Griscom, and Johnston. © 1989. Available at bookstores or 
from Mustang Publishing. PO Box 9327, New Haven, cr 06533 ($5.95 plus 
'1.50 p'l:ot3ge). 

Mira Mesa 7 : Edwarel. We.t Theater. 
566-1917 

Hunt for Red October Spaced Invaders 
M iami Blues Teenage Mutant Ninia Turtles 

Pretty Woman Crazy People Q & A 

University Towne Centre 6 
452-7766 

Crazy People I love You to Death 
The Gods Must Be Crazy II The Guardian 

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles lisa 

La Jolla Village Theaters 
453-7831 

Driving Miss Daisy Miami Blues 
The Hunt for Red October Pretty Woman 

Ken Cin .... _283· 5909 
4/27: Cyrano de Bergerae 4/28: Drugstore Cowboy/Sid & Nancy 

4/29: Tom Jon .. /Oongerous liaisons 
4/30: Jane Campion Shorts/He Was Once/La Divino 

5/1 . The Siory of e.G. Jung/Foce 10 Face with Dr. Jung 
Every Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

Rocky Horror Picture Show 

REDUCE YOUR 
STUDENT 
BODIES. : ..... . . 

T11e Local Sc 
By D ANIELL£ H AYMAN 
Contributing Writer 

Bunji jumping is a sacred African ritual of 
manhood, entailing a feat only the most daring 
and brave f the young tribesmen would at-
tempt. The aspiring boys must scale a huge plat-
form, bind their feet with heavy vine and then, 
in a leap of faith, perilously jump from their 
perch. Dangling only inches above the earth, 
these young men tretch the limits of skill and 
reach out for their own identity. 

a year and a half. Members include de Gaillande, 
Jon Holt on vocals and bass, Eric Linberg on sax, 
and Jeremy Chri tensen on drums. The band has 
played the Spirit club, the Triton Pub, and numer-
ous UCSD parries. Their set is composed of origi-
nal material with a few covers of classic rockers 
added in as party favorites . 

Bunji Thump is currently recording their first 
tape Soul in Your Skin. It will contain about 13 
originals and be available at Assorted Vinyl. Off 
the Record, and at gigs. De Gaillande describes it 

The local band Bunji 
Thump adopts a similar con-
cept. They test the bounda-

as having "a bigger sound 
than when we play live." Bunji Thump 

The group attempts to get 
serious about describing song topics . "We handle 
the '90s tunnoil generation: lots of love, hate, 
confusion, tension," de Gaillande explained. The 
most successful step in their work comes when the 
rest ofthe band gets a hold of the tunes. "Our input 
can make [a difference)," Christensen said. "We 
can make it completely different than what John 
or Pierre intended." 

ries of all known and accepted genres of music. 
They are a band protesting throw-away, imita-
tion groups. 

The ground-breaking sound of Bunj i Thump 
is rooted in their original concept ,and their very 
diversified influences. Sometimes compared to 
bands such as R.E.M., the Red Hot Chili Pep-
pers, and Fishbone, Bunji Thump is not easily 
characterized . "We like the fact that we're differ-
ent," lead singer/guitari t Pierre de Gaillande 
sa id in a recent interview. 

The quartet's influences range from The Min-
utemen and Aero mith. to Miles Davis and 
alternative music . When these styles mix, the 
result is funky, experimental, and uncontrolla-
b ly danceable. 

Bunji Thump can be heard competing in the 
Battle of the Bands on campus. Christensen feels 
they have a good chance of winning, "but we're lip 
against some pretty good bands ... We want to 
have a good time, butalsoplayollf best. Our music 
is meant to be danced to. It's great seeing people 
out there having a good time." 

Each song has its own unique identity, held 
together by cool sax lines and hard rocking 
drums. Some crowd pleasers are their rollicking 
"Bunji Thump," and their potently funky rendi-
tion of Prince's "Kiss." The band also shifts gears 
for some slower numbers withajazzy, reggae feel, 
such as "You Made My Life." 

On the Local Scene is a weekly column featuring 
bands from [he San Diego area. If you have a band 
who would like to be covered, please send a demo 
tape, biography, photo, and the name and number of 
a band representative to: 

UCSD Guardian/HIATUS 
B-OI6 

Bunji Thump has been in existence for about 
La Jolla, CA 92093 

rum: On the Local Scene 

Members of Bunji Thump include (I-r) Eric Linberg, Jeremy Christensen, Jon Holton, and 
Pierre de Gaillande. 

DID YOU SEE THIS? 
SO did about 30,000 others in 

the UCSD community. 
UCSD Guardian Advertising 

Call 534-3466 

London $5t. 
P.r~ $'1' 
Fr.nldun $650 
~n.. $'7' 
IUdrid $'" 

FalliS ar8 ro~rip. Restrictions do applyl 
Ask .bout our USSR 

stude .. tows ... nlnt from 
$41" 

audlt.1I 
UCSD PRICE CENTER 

(by !he Post Otncc» 

2 HIATUS APRIL 26, 1990 

Your Decision. Your Choice. 
• Free Preg nancy 

Test ing 
• Low Cost Early 

Pregnancy Test 
• Immediate 

Test Results 
• Pregnancy 

Termination 
• General or Local 

Ane thesia 
• Affordable 

Birth ontrol 
• Student Discount 

Tlte College Lilli! 
535-1379 

r;r.r.'t ,L. ~nCnOfce 
Falt/il!l PII1f1f1ins 

Associl1!!'s 
Mediad crollP 

Oingo Boingo 
Dark at the End of the Tunnel 
MeA Records 

Every time Oingo Boingo re-
leases a new album, a lot of people 
say that they've changed their style. 
When Darkac the End of the Tunnel 
is compared to their early work, 
there is a uefinite difference in 
mood and style. 

Danny Elfman, the group's lead 
inger and songwriter, is a true 

musical genius who does not settle 
for rehashing old work. He i the 
type of artist who is constantly 
looking for new frontiers to cross 
and new sounds to create. 

Although it went rather unno-
ticed this year, Elfman composed 
the original classical score for the 
Warner Bros. hit "Batman." In ad-
dition, he has recently been drafted 
to do the theme music to the 
Simpson's and the score for "Dick 
Tracy." 

Elfman's knack for writing po-
tent and meaningful lyrics has 

made him a popular figure in the 
entertainment industry. Many of 
his lyrics are thought provoking 
and often strangely metaphysical. 
In what is possibly one of Boingo's 
best songs ever, "Out of Control," 
the issue of suicide is pondered. In 
true Elfman style, a sense ofhopc IS 
offered through the inspiring lyr-
ics. 

Throughout the album there IS 
a wonderful meshing of detailed, 
meaningful lyrics and original, 
diverse music. One may not ice that 
thesong"T ty to Believe," although 
very good, does not sound like 
something the group would nor-
mally produce. It is the only song 
not written by Elfman. 

Elfman and the rest of Boingo . 
have a style a ll their own, which 
can not be said of many groups in 
the mainstream of popular music 
today. One would think that this 
would make them a success on a 
world-wide sca le. 

Yet, Oingo Boingo chooses to 
maintain a low profile by not at-
tracting press nor pumping out 
continual concert tours. Because 
of this, they have remained rela-
tively unknown outside of their 
homeland Southern California. 

Perhaps it is the fact that they 
do not seek the rock-'n'-roll star 
lifestyle that has accounted for 
thelr consistent releases of quality 
music over the last decade. 

- Scott Casmer 

Various Artists 
Blues at Newport 
Vanguard Records 

If you're looking for a sample of 
some really great blues music, then 
Blues at Newport is a good invest-
menl for your record collection. 
The album features 11 blues greats 
performing a total of 19 songs. 

MississippiJohn Hurt opens the 
album with the light-hearted 
"Candy Man" and "Coffee Blues." 
Hurt's bluegrass guitar style blends 
nicely with the comical stories 
about candy and coffee. Keeping 
with the tradition of blues music, 
many songs tell somber tales of 
broken hearts and los ing loved 
ones. 

Reverends Gary Davis and 
Robert Wilkins contribute a set of 
religiOUS c uts to the blues collec-
tion. Wilkins' "(I Wish I Was In) 
Heaven Sitting Down" is a classic, 
with its slow rhythmic guitar and 
the deep, chilling vocals. 

Skip James tells his tale of los-
ing his wife in "Devil Got My 
Woman" with the guitar and har-
monica grooving in the back-
ground. 

Although the album is enjoy-

ab le on the whole, John Lee 
Hooker gave the mo t outstandmg 
performance out of the 11 featured 
performers. His song "Sometimes 
You Make Me Feel So Bad" sends 
chills down the spine. 

His guitar-playing is so power-
ful that it is hard to believe there 
was only o ne guitar playing 
throughout the song, and his deep, 
raspy voice has a hypnotic effect. 

The people at Vanguard Rec-
ordsdid a wonderful job incompil-
ing this collection. The work is 
never boring because there is 
something fresh and unique about 
each artist. 

Blues at Newporc caters to both 
the diehard blues fan and the dis-
crimating recordshopper. If you've 
never bought a blues album in 
your life but you're interested in 
experiencing the beauty of lush 
music, this album will not disap-
point. 

Lock Up 

-Tony Lo 

LID 
IP 

Something Bitchin' This W /l)' Come! 
Geffen Records 

Kind of monotonous, but itstill 
rocks. This describes almost every 

cutoffSomeching Birchin' This Way 
Comes, the late t offering by the 
L.A.-based band Lock Up. 

With 12 cuts to show their 
metal, so to speak, the group fails 
to make a mark for themselves. 
Influences by such o ther heavy-
weights as Van Halen, Led Zeppe-
lin, and even the Godfathers, are 
evident throughout the album. 
These influences are most obvious 
in "24 Hour Man," a song which 
begins with a very Zeppelin-esque 
intra, utilizing bass, drums, and 
guitars to set the song's tone. 
Midway through the cut, however, 
the lyrics degenerate to chanting 
"work" every four beats, similar to 
the Godfathers' "Birth, School, 
Work, Death." 

Fo rtunately for the listener, 
there are a few songs on the album 
which do stand out. The first ex-
ample is "Everywhere I Go I t Looks 
Like Rain," written by lead singer 
Brian Grillo. An expected song on 
such a hard rocking album , its 
slower rhythm and heavy back-
beat are a possible indication that 
Lock Up might be able to create 
their own sound rather than "bor-
rowmg" one from another proven 
winner. 

The o nly other song worth 
mentioning is "Ki s It Goodbye," 
which, not unlike the other songs 
on the album, reiterates the idea 
that rock-and-ro ll is supposed to 
be heavy and rebellious: "Eight-
een is o ld enough to go to war / 
Sign up now / You wonder what 
you are here for /Said here is where 
you find yourself / When you ask 

See ALBUMS, page 4 

Your Graduation 
Present is Waiting 

DAN MANKIN & MARK SACKETT ARE 

~ NO Down Payment 
~ NO Payment for 120 Days 
~ NO Interest for 90 Days 

" Llmi[ed time financing program. Emplovnlent cumrnltment required on approved credir . 

4433 Mission Bay Drive 
(between Grand and Balboa) 

581 .. 3 200 

AUDBVILLB 

MAY 16 
WEDNESDAY 
8PM 
MANDEVILLE AUD. 
G.A. $10 
STUDENTS $6 
UCSO FAC./STAfF 
& SR. CIT. $8 

~Z:.dS7W"'" 
UCSD lOX OFFICE 
534·4559 

OUVEAU 
"AN ENTIRELY HIlARIOUS SHOW" 

The Son Francisco Chronide 



Baldwin's 'Blues' Bombs 
By TONY Lo AND DEREK SCHAI8lE 
Contributing Writers 

We don't know about i kel and Eb rt but HIA TV give "Miami 
Blue" tw thumb down. From start to fini h , it i a shallow, depre sing, 
and needle sly graphic film ab ut a criminal fresh out of the "joint." Not 
only i the movie gratuitou Iy violent, but it al 0 lacks uspense, drama, 
and a plot. In addition to the e major flaws, the character are too pre-
dictable for th film to be even remotely entertaining. 

Junior Fregner, played by Alec Baldwin i the main character. Junior 
i neither likeable nor credible. Within the first even minutes of the 
film, he manages to steal a suitca e from an innocent child and kill a 
Hare Kri hna. 

Baldwin's acting I great, but that d es nothing to make hi charac-
ter any more appealing. He is slime. His goal in life is to "get rich quick" 
at any co t. He kills, he teals, he lie without limit. To make matters 
wor , he enjoy doing what he do . George Armit, creenwriter/ 
direct r, fails to make thi p ychopathic criminal likeable. Not only i 
Junior contemptible, he is unbelievable. 

The film opens with Junior's arrival in Miami, where he hooks up 
with local pro titute u ie Waggoner (Jennifer Jason Leigh) . Susie i the 
antithesi of Junior' character. She has a big heart and all she wants i 
a Burger World franchi e. Even though her character i more endearing 
than Junior' ,she is unbearably two-dimen ional in her ign rance and 
na·lvete. 

Waggoner falls in love with Junior and everything eems perfect-
except Junior doe not want to leave hi lucrative life of crime. That's 
where Detective Hoke Mo eley come in. 

Mo eley (Fred Ward) is assigned r-=Fl:::L-:"M~:~I::-'M":"'i-am-i~B::-:l-ue-s7.'."-s-ta-rr-in-g~A~le-c'" 
to investigate the mysteriou death Baldwin and Jennifer Jason Leigh. Di. 
of the Hare Krishna that Junior had rected by George Annirage. Presented 
killed . Moseley is a drunken detec- by Orion Pictures and Trisres Tropi-

ques Production. 
tive on the verge of retirement. 
Unlike all the other characters who are completely en ationalistic or 
totally trite, Ward's portrayal of Mo eley is almo t realistic. Ward's 
acting is well refined and di ciplined to the role. 

The movie tarted out slow and failed to pick up in its hour and a half 
duration. There was no logical sequence in the story and the only thing 
the viewer feel is apathy. If you really want to ee "Miami Blues" despite 
these warning, then save yourself some money and walt until it come 
out on video. 

* * * * ****** 
AlbUInS 
Continued from page 3 
them about it / They Say 'Fuck 
you.'" With the success of their 
April 6 T.G. performance, Lock 
Up has built a fairly strong follow-
ing. But it still remains to be seen 
if the quartet can be creative 
enough to stand out from the rest 
of the monotonous hard rock/ 
heavy metal L.A. music cene. 

- Jame Darlow 

Fleetwood Mac 
Behind the Mask 
Warner Bros. 

Fleetwood Mac isn't really a 
band that should release their 
albums in the spring; they're more 
of an autumn band by nature, with 
an air of exotic mystique pervad-
ing throughout thei songs. Au-
tumn is a muted brown time of 
vagueness and loss; feelings seem 
to be lurking just beneath the sur-
face, about to go into hibernation 
until spring's bright green arrival. 

Fleetwood Mac has spent quite 
a bit of time in hibernati n in th 
past decade, particularly since 
Lind y Buckingham' 1987 de-
parture. And, from the sound of 
thclr latest offering, the hand till 
need to thaw out a bit. 

The aptly-titled Behind the Mask 
- the first album of new material 
they've produced without 
Buckingham's strong artistic in-
put - suffers mainly from the 
expected lack of consistency in 
styles resulting from the personnel 
change. Also disappointing is the 
use of cliches in the songs ranging 
from "It's better to have loved and \ 
lost / Then [sic] to never have 
loved at all" to "Love, love, love / 
Love is dangerous." 

The new lineup does show 
promise. Of particular note is new 
guitarist Billy Burnette's "In the 
Back of My Mind,"on which Stevie 
Nicks sings "backup" as a con-
cience-like reply to Burnette's 

obsessive rantings. The song, 
which features an avant-garde, 
ominou -sounding intro with dis-
tant drums and Laurie Anderson-
esque distorted spoken words, IS 
destined to become a Fleetwood 
Mac classic. 

While the band lost some of its 
more innovative and powerful 
songwriting with Buckingham'S 
departure, Nicks and Christine 
McVie succeed in carrying a great 
deal of weight on Behind the Mask. 
The title song, written and sung by 
McVie, continues to haunt the 
listener long after it's over, with its 
wavering, searching, and contrast-
ing themes - both musical and 
lyrical. 

Nicks brings songs full of im-
agery and feeling to the album, 
including one, "The Second 
Time," that touchingly seems to 
peak of the final breakup between 

former lovers Buckingham and 
Nicks, which she says took place 
shortly before he left the band. 

Buckingham was, perhap ,ju!>t 
anoth r leaf to fall off the Fleet-

Galway's Audience Disappointed J't 
Zukerntan Plays Magically 

By JEAN SUZUKI 
Contributing Writer J'.I' 

Something unexpected happened at the San 
Diego Civic Theatre on April 21. The La Jolla 
Chamber Mu ic ciety's pre entation of James 
Galway and the Tokyo Stl ing Quartet transformed 
into Eugenia Zukerman and the Tokyo String 
Quartet.The obvious disappointment of the audi-
ence wa reflected by the mediocre turnout and the 
departure of more people during intenn i ion. What 
happened to Jame Galway? 

According to a representative of the music 
ociety, Galway is now ho pitalized in Philadel-

phia for an inflamed intestine and had to cancel his 
engagements this week. While his hospitalization 
wa unfortunate, his replacement, Eugenia Zuker-
man, was outstanding. 

The first two pieces, Mozart' Flute Quartets in 
o Major and in A Major showcased Zukerman's 
lighthearted performance on the flute . Perfonning 
before a painted background scene from Mozart's 
"The Magic Flute," Zukerman paralleled the light-
hearted mood that the background created with 
her mu ic. The quartet's music perfectly comple-
mented the flute without overwhelming it. The 
two pieces involving Zukennan's flute were the 
most enjoyable of the evening. 

The other two pieces were string quartets, in-
cluding one in F Major by Beethoven. Though the 
quartet performed exquisitely, the music became 
monotonous after a while. After the bright flute 
performances, the string pieces seemed melan-
choly, acting like a lead weight compared to the 

flute. 
Zukerman, while an extra rdinary flutist, 

is also a writer and television commentator 
for CBS unday Morningwith Charles Kuralt. 
On stage, he projected the image of an untra-
ditional chamber musician. With a flowing 
red jacket hanging to her ankles, she con-
trasted sharply with the straightlaced quartet, 
reflecting her personal individualism as well 
as her musical strength. 

The Tokyo String Quartet, formed in 1969, 
projected confidence throughout the eve-
ning. The 20 years of experience showed 
clearly in their performance, with the mu i-
cians interacting perfectly and complement-
ing each other. 

The group rna terfully allowed the flute to 
dominate, while modulating their own music 
to a background sound that perfectly accom-
panied the soft flute. 

It was unfortunate that the dominant mood 
of the evening was one of disappointment 
that Galway was unable to perform. The 
audience only came alive as the mu icians 
turned their music pages, when a wave of 
coughs and niffles penneated the theater. 
Coughs popped up one after the other as soon 
as there was a break in the music, and then si-
lence would take over as soon as the music 
was about to begin again. 

This performance was one in the Celeb-
rity Series presented by the La Jolla Chamber 
Music Society. Bravo to the Tokyo String 
Quartet for an excellent performance, and 
particularly to Eugenia Zukerman for follow-
ing Galway' advice to "have fun with the 
boys." 

wood Mac tree. Although the band 
still needs to warm up to its new 
lineup, spring may be just around 
the corner. Fleetwood Mac's thaw-
ing temperature is equivalent to 
just about any other band's boiling 
point. 

"I see my guitar as more of an 
emotional extension than a physi-
cal one," guitarist Marty Wilson-
Piper explained. 

mon Fall moods, and their latest 
follows suit. "Black Monk Theme, 
Part I" is blatantly bitter, its lyrics 
stressing "Do you know I hate you, 
baby / You maladjusted little 
monkey, you." 

- Helena Leng Loh 

The Church 
Gold Afternoon Fix 
Arista Records 

Capitalizing on their recent first 
Top 40 hit, "Under the Milky 
Way," the Church continue to 
shoot for the stars with their new 
album, Gold Afternoon Fix. 

The title should have read Gold 
Afternoon Fixation. This album is 
truly an accomplished work to-
wards the band's surrealistic style 
oflyricscombined with indulgently 
emotional guitar. Amazingly uni-
fied and directed, the work comes 
as a surprise since the trio have 
nine solo albums behind them. 

Steve Kilby, bassist and lead 
vocalist/lyricist, explained, "Now 
it is more like everyone's got their 
own stuff done, everyone want to 
interact more." 

And interact they do. Fr m the 
opening notes in the "The Pha-
roah" to the final chord f"Grind," 
the band plays as an IOten ely 
emotional and uOified group. 

The songs on the album cover a 
vast array of topics. From the 
struggles of the civilized jungle 
("Metropolis") to the conflicts of 
the human heart ("You're Still 
Beautiful"), the Australian quar-
tet strikes chords in listener's heart 
time and time again. 

When listening to the album, 
take Kilby's advice: "Gold After-
noon Fix? To me, now, the phrase 
means a record to play on a nice 
afternoon." 

- Derek Schaible 

The Fall 
Extricate 
Polygram Records 

After 12 years and 16 albums, 
the Fall is still able to deliver a 
fresh, innovative product. The 
band follows in tradition, creating 
an album of compeillng and ex-
tremely catchy melodies, aug-
mented by the har h, facetiously 
flat vocals of Mark E. mith. 
Extricate, the Man hester band's 
first Polygram release, i a wel-
come addition to their impr !>sive 
repert ire. 

Though very c reativ , the 
band's albums inc rporate om-

Another stock theme is a mock-
silliness, which is quite adequately 
conveyed in the pointed "Hilary": 
the song gratefully expresses "I 
thank the lord you still don't live 
next to me / Hilary / Hey Hilary / 
Oh Hilary." 

"Bill is Dead" is an ironic song, 
riddled with sarcasm as Smith, 
chants "These are the greate t 
times of my life." This, coming 
from a man who had just gone 
through divorce, the death of his 
father, and a near fatal road acci-
dent. 

The musical backbones of the 
songs run the gamut from a funky 
wah-wah-influenced guitar to 
peaceful, dreamy organ. "Black 
Monk Theme, Part I," the album's 
strongest track, employs a simplis-
tic and repetitive driving beat, 
punctuated by a complem ntary 
guitar snag, with bits of intermit-
tent wavering organ. The steady 
stream of mu ic in the ng i sup-
plemented by Smith's blunt, in-
cessant, stuttering drawl, which 
challenges you not to be irritated. 
Appreciation for the Fall is an 
acquired taste, indeed. 

The album's lyrics are inane, 
the vocals ju t shy of annoying, 
and the music itself is, at most, 
repetitive. But the e elements are 
o stra tegi ally twisted and ex-

ploited that they produce a won-
derfully diverse, engaging, and 
extremely addictive coli ction of 
songs. Extricate is th FalPs best 
effort in five ycars. 

- Jason Dulde 

4 HIATUS APRIL 26, 1990 


