
OWIIdllrpOUibl 
CilDIIiIC:ron.bIn Trayn-
him JIIIdcip_s in inter-
views wkb two weD-tnown 
fiauJ1181 UCSD: Gllllt'ditJn 
columnist ZarbIJy Berman 
and SAAC 0IIir Vanness 
HanislPAGE 4 

IIA&E 
WbeIber you enjoy 

music. pertblmtoce. or file 
visuallItI.dIe 1991 

U~ Arts Festival 
offen sometNna for 
evayooe. This year's 
showcase of student projects 
and productions is set to 
becin WednesdaylPAGE 11 

.SPORTS 
1be UCSD aoIf4elm 

.tvaaced four pIICeI fill« 
&be lIIlawo rounds II) finish 
founb.1he NCAA 
Divilion m DIIIioaal JOIf 
c:t.mpionIbipI_ FindIom 
CouaIry Club in I", 

~ TIle TrIIans' four. 
Iamd ... was 1234, two 

.,.. ... IIYII 
S-s.. ... cIiuaI 

PAGE. 

Preliminary Designs for 
RIMAe Facility Underway 
• Equality of membership fees for student, 
non-student users has yet to be decided 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

The Building Advi ory commit-
tee of the RecreationallIntramuml 

thletic and Event en tcr 
(Rl MAC) , compo ed of student . 
facu lty,and taff,i intheproce sof 
preparing preliminary design for 
the controversial n w facility . 

The center, which is e peeted t 
becompleted in 199.+. ""ill indudea 
main gym containing five ba~(..et­
ball c un ' and pull-out ~eating for 
4. . a well a an additi nal 700 

floor seats ~ r events. There 
will also be an auxi liary gym hous-
ing two more bus("·.:tball courts. 

The plan calls for a 12,000 

• The RIMAC site will be a 
lour·acre space located on 
what is now Mile High Field. 
The completed structure IS 
expected to have tWice as 
much space as the Price 
Center. and Will include a 
main gym with live basketball 
courts and seating lor4.000. 
a 12.000 square-loot weight 
room . racquetball courts 
squash courts. and more 

The RIMA commirtee met last 
Thursday with architect to review 
tentative iteand floor plan , which 
will be brought in front of the De-
ign Review Board (ORB) on June 
II. The ORB oversee facility plan-
ning, ensuring the suitability to the 
campu . 

quare-foot weight room. ccord-
ing to 0 uglas Willen. the Graduate 
Student As ociation representative 
to the RIMA ommittee who 
chaired Thursday 's meeting, cur-
rent weight rooms on campus 'tand 
to be "incredibly dwarfed by the 
new facility ." 

dditionally, the center will con-
tain eight mcquetball coull!>. two 

squa~h COllll~. three acti vi ty rooms 
for events such as dance and cxer-

cn 'e roOI11 , and oflice~ . 
The facilitie~ to be induded In 

RIMA were detem111lcd in part by 
a 1988 student !'.urvc). \\ hich gath-
ered the re~pon~e~ofapproxill1atcly i e classes, locker r m. training 

and rehabilitation roms. c nfer- See RIMAe, Page 3 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 
Weasel on Parade - Pauly Shore, star of MTV's "Totally Pauly, " cracks a joke during 
his performance Friday night at UCSO's Mandeville Auditorium. 

UCB Votes to SUpport Use of Recycled Paper 
• Board agrees to forego one-cent royalty on all Price Center copies 
By Stephanie Simon 
Staff Writer 

A May 20 vote by the University Center Board 
(UCB) will bring UCSD one step closer to a campus 
environmental group's goal of making recycled 
paper the paper of choice. 

The Price Center Copy Center will now use 100 
percent recycled paper in all its copiers, thank to 
the UCB 's vote to subsidize additional costs neces-
sary for the conversion from new paper to recycled 
paper. 

The UCB will forego the one-cent-per-copy 
profit it previously received from all Price Center 
copies. According to Teresa Hays, a UCB member 
who spearheaded the recycled paper issue, the 
elimination of the one-cent profit will allow the 
Copy Center to tart selling recycled paper copies 
for the same price as cheaper unrecycled paper. 

University Center Director Jim Carruthers aid 
he was approached by the Student Environmental 
Action Coalition (SEAC) in April , requesting him 
to as ist the conversion of the Copy Center and 
other campus departments over to recycled paper. 

After SEAC's presentation to the board, and having 
done some research of hi own on the issue, 
Carruthers staned working with Hays to formulate 
a propo aI. 

"It was pretty much a consensus decision that 
this was a direction that we needed to go toward to 
encourage the campus to be more thoughtful about 
the useof recycled products," Carruthers ex plained. 
"The University Center Board has already taned 
on that with all the can and paper collection, the 
Precycle mugs, the whole thing. The board' al-
ready going in that direction anyway." 

Hay 'proposal offered three options: the Copy 
Centercould useonly recycled paper and charge ix 
cent per copy if the UCB retained its one cent-per-
copy profit, it could use only recycled paper at five 
cents per copy if the UCB gave up the one-cent 
profit, or it could use 50 percent recycled paper and 
charge five cents per copy. The board, Carruther 
aid, cho e to go with Hay 'second option. 

SEAC has been working since December 1990 
to have the entire UCSO campu use only recycled 

See RECYCLE, Page 3 

Final Koala Will 
Appear Despite 
Budget Overruns 
By Rachel Blackburn 
Staff Writer 

The final Koala I"sue ftlll' )carwlil bc 
a shOll eight-page edi tion fund' I (I-I), I)' 
adverti~ing. th,1I1(..~ to a Illi~cakulalion Ih:1I 
has left the humor paper 0\ el Ih A.S 
funded budget. 

According to Kotila Budget 1\ tanager 
Per aroe. the AS ... ~omehow I()~t tr.lc(.. of 
how l11uch [money] had bccnll.~ed ." 

Caroe ~a id that the paper wa~ contacted 
by its publi ·her. Tridelll Web Pre~ ... wilh the 
news that the Koala had ·'e>.ceeded iI, bud 
get by ab ut $400," 

After receiving thei r la!>t budget !>tatc-
ment in Febnlllry. Ihe Koala Mar,. e~tilllaled 
that there was en ugh money 10 reach Iheir 
goal of printing 13 i~sue!'.. but in~tcad found 
thcmselves in debt. 

" It 's difficult to judge how much each 
16-page issue wi ll cost - somet imc\ il· ... 
$600, sometimes $700," aroe ~a id. 

To alleviate the debt, Caroe prc~ented 
The Koala' s ca e totheAS.Finance 0111-
mittee last Friday. 

Thecommittee "gave u~enough I money I 
to pay for the overcharge from Trident 
Web," Caroe said. 

According to A.S. Communication~ 
Commiss ioner Sharon Oh, Tile Koala was 
allocated $838.71 from media unallocated 
fund . 

She added that The Koala will present a 
request for more money to the AS. next 
week. 

According to Caroe, the final Koala is-
sue of the year is "definitely corning out," 
whether or not the publication receives the 
extra AS. funds. 

Koala Co-Editor Greg Waypa aw both 
good and bad aspects to the small size of the 
final is ue, which wi ll will be available 
Thursday. 

"We're only running half the personal. 
and half the Ii t ,and we almost had to run 
an anicle on the front cover," Waypa said. 

" It wa n' t everything that we wanted 
our final i sue to look like . .. it was [Koala 
Co-EditorGreg Huffstutter's l and myswan 
song, 0 it 's a bitdi appointing to be told we 
can only do an eight-page final i ue. 

"Still , it's a lot easiertodo a layout on an 
eight-pagei uethanona 16-pager,"Waypa 
sa id. 



2 NEWS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 
Rally to Protest 40% Fee Increase 
Scheduled for TomOlTOW Afternoon 

A rJlly to protest the 40 percent fee increase proposed 
by the UC Board of Regents is scheduled fOrlomorrow on 
the steps of the Main Gym from 12-1 p.m. 

polisored by the AssociatedSrudents Office ofExter-
nal Affa irs and several student organizations including 
the new Coalition toSave Education, the rally will include 
tudent , staff. and faculty speakers a~ well as table. for 

student. to sign leners and petition to the legislature. 
There will also be time for the public to speak out via an 
open microphone. 

The increase is said to violate the state's long term 
pol icy on student fees, SB 1645, igned last September by 
fonner Governor George Deukmejian. 

The pol icy guarantee moderate fee increases for stu-
dents so that they will have the time to adjust to higher 
fees . The policy places an increa e cap at 10 percent. half 
of the 20 percent increase in Govemor Pete Wilson 's 
1990- 1991 state budget. 

1n order to cover the shortfall in the legislature's 
proposed budget, the regents implemented an increase of 
40 percent in student fees. 

Organizers aid that the rally is a final anempt to gamer 
student support forlobbyists in Sacramento as the June 30 
deadline for budget approval approaches. 

Six Faculty Members Selected as 
Fellows of Art, Science Academy 

Six UCSD faculty members have been selected as 
Fellows of the 2 11 -year-old American Academy of Arts 
and Sciences (AAAS), in recognition of their distin-
gui hed contributions to science, scholarship, public af-
fai rs, and the art . 

The fac ulty members who have been elected as Fel-
lows are History Profes or John Dower. Pathology Pro-
fessor Marilyn Farquhar, Politic:,1 ScienceProfessorGary 
Jacobson, Psychology Profes or George Mandler, Psy-
chology Profes or Donald Norman, and Professor of 

Calvin and Hobbes 
ALL RIGHT; clASS. WI-1O 

V/OOlO LIKE' 10 ~IVE Hts 
~ R~i' FIRS, ~ 

2+7 == r CClN/oIot qNSw~r 4-1"1;5 q, .... es+IOH, Q') 'It: i .. 
09QiN5~ \oily reLlqioos 

prlf"\(lples . 

The UCSD Guardian 

Medicine Michael Rosenfeld of the UCSD School of Medi-
cine. 

TheAAASelected 195 Fellowsatthis year's meeting. The 
purpose of the Academy, founded in 1780 by John Adams, is 
to "gather together the country's leading figures from univer-
ities, govemment , business, and the creat i ve arts to exchange 

ideas and to promote knowledge for the public intere t." 

Student Film and Video Work to be 
Featlred at Undergraduate Arts Festival 

Undergraduate student in film and video will showcase 
their works over the next two weeks during the UCSD 
Undergraduate Ans Festival. 

The undergmduate tudents' Video Event, beginning with 
a reception, will be from 6 p.m. to 12 a.m. on Thursday at the 
Triton Pub. A collection of original videos directed and made 
by tudents through vi ual art project will be pre emed. 

A documentary media and farewell tribute produced by 
tudenlS ofvisitingSoviet Profes or Marina Goldovskaya will 

begin at 5:30 p.m. on June 3 at the Triton Pub. Goldovskaya 
is from Moscow, where she teaches in Moscow State 
University 's Joumalism Department. 

A film festival will be shown from6p.m. to 12a.m.onJune 
6at Solis Hall 107. This event will be acompilation of original 
film which have been directed and filmed by undergraduate 
students, both independently and through visual ans projects. 

For more information about the festival, call 534-2252. 
Staging of Classic Spanish Plays 
Will be Topic of Lecture Thursday 

Rene Buch artistic director of Repertorio Espai'lol, will 
give a free Regents Lecture sponsored by UCSD and the 
Department of Theater. The lecture, "Staging the Spanish 
Classics in 20th Century United States," will take place on 
Thursday al 4 : 15 p.m. in room 1402 of Galbraith Hall. 

Buch, bom in Cuba, was the founder and director of Pro 
Arte de Oriente's Theater Department, as well as founder of 
Havana's Accion Teatrial de Autores. 

Buchcametothe UnitedStates,enroUed at the Yale Drama 
School,and becameeditorofthe Spanish edition of the United 
NationsJoumai. He became the arts editor for The Latin Times 
in 1963, and worked with Reader's Digest as a book editor in 
Mexko City. 

Buchdirected "La Dama Duende" attheGreenwich Mews 
Theatre in 1968. The success of the production generated a 
new company, named Repertorio Espano!. 

His work with a specially chosen company of actors has 
developed an ensemble which has won critical acclaim through-
out the United States, as well as in Latin America and Spain. 

?'~\ 

~~ 

by Bill Wattenon 

~ ~ 
~~\, 
L 

Tuesday, May 28,1991 

Buch's three-week visit will include a workshop with 
the M.F.A. students in the Hispanic-American Theatre 
Program. He will conduct a bilingual study oftheclas ical 
telU Romeo and Juliet. using Pablo Neruda's translated 
version titled Romeo and Julieta . 

For more information on the free lecture call 534-3793. 

FROM OTHER CAMPUSES 
UC Study Indicates Need for More 
Doctorate Students in the Future 

A shorter "time-to-degree" for Ph.D. candidates and 
increased retention forthe students are two of the keys for 
the UC to help meet the growing demand nationally for 
faculty and Ph.D. researchers during the next 15 years, 
according to a new UC report . 

The report by the UC Office of the President projects 
that the nation will face a severe shortage of Ph.D. holders 
unless action is taken to produce more of them in the future. 

According to the report, the uni versity is being affected 
by these national trends through the retirement of Ph.D. 
holders employed in academic and non-academic sectors. 
The university is also being affected through future demo-
graphic increases that will drive enrollment growth in 
higher education, and continuation of long-term trends in 
research and development that will create a greater de-
mand for Ph.D.s. 

1be UC produces about 10 percent of all doctorates 
produced nationally, and 70 percent of all doctorates 
produced in California. 

Officials estimate that if the university can increase 
retention and shonen the time it takes to earn a Ph.D., the 
UC can enroll fewer students and still meet the market 
demand. 

Califomia colleges and universities well need to fill 
22,OOOto25,OOOfaculty positions by 2005-2006 to replace 
existing faculty and to serve projected enrollment growth, 
according to the report. 

From 1968 to 1988, the mean elapsed time to the 
doctorate degree increased from 6.7 years to 7.7 years. The 
UC's goal is to reduce the time required toeam a Ph.D. by 
one year. 

GUXK.>IAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
Rou. MActLEAN, ~ Editor 
LES BRtNOlD. AftocIeIe Spotts Editor 
MIGUel BUCKENMEYER, Associate Feet&Itvs Editor 
JAMES COLUER, DesIgn Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
ME~DA HAMILTON, As.socInt ,..". EdItor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, AaocIIIte NfIwII Editor 
LARA HEISLER, AftocIeIe Arts EdItor 
HEATHER HOLTZa.AW, AssocIate Sports Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, ~nmen' Editor 
PETER KO. Sports Editor 
JENNfER KOLSKY, Photo Edttor 
KENT KORZON, Aaoclll,. Copy Editor 
MEL MARCElO, AuocIItte GI'I/phJcs EdItor 
SANGEETA MBfTA, AaocIIfe ~ Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AuocIItte PtIOtD Editor 
JEFF QUAN, GnIphIcs Editor 
JASON SNEll, News Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, FeBturn Editor 
.,IENNFER YANCEY, ArtsIEnlwDlnment Editor 

BOB DeANDREA, Bu."" •• IofMlIIgIK 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manllger 
MIKE MARnNEZ, AdY.,.,Is/ng D..1gntK 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CIIIu",. R.piWNnlllttv. 

~~_ ....... Ttrrisa... Ilciog~ 
__ ~ lWntBlblgie. DnII CIIii. f'Ic*I VIIIdDId 
CIIaIIoIan: DonIoI CaIoi ...... ltt.1IIIg Un 

o-

f 

T uesday, May 28,1991 

RIMAC 
Continued from page , 
4,O<XJ students. The committee de-
termined that RIMAC would not 
include such facilities as tennis 
court or a auna. 

Willen criticized the survey be-
cause it asked students for a "wish 
Ii t." 

"The questions weren' t asked in 
uch a way that students could make 

a co t trade-off:' which could be 
one factor that leal.'! to the high price 
student will be paying forthefa il-
ity , he said. 

The site i a four-acre rectangu-
lar pace on the north side of the San 
Diego Supercomputer building, 
flanked on the west and east by the 
ridge walk and Hopkins Drive, re-
spectively. Mile High Field wi ll be 
removed, and the nonh side of the 
facil ity will border the north cam-
pu softball fields. 

In tenns of size . Willen said that 
the completed RIMAC building 
could be compared to a roofed-over 
Price Center, but explained that the 
interior space of the facility wi ll be 
approximately double that of the 
center. In comparison, UC Berke-
ley has a recreational facility which 
is hal f the planned size of RIMA C. 

the completion of the facility. 
"The students on the committee 

feel very strongly that students will 
be able to use the facility freely. and 
that everyone else [wil ) pay as much 
as [the students' quarterly fee]," 
Willen said. 

Others on the committee have 
expres ed concem that non-students 
will not be willing to pay that much. 
and that the facility stands to lose 
income in that case, he said. 

TheRIMACcommittee has been 
working since last pring to create 
the general design of the faci lity. It 
had focused on such issues as "ac-
cess ibility, pleasantness forthe use r. 
and separability of the events and 
recreational components," Willen 
explained. 

"We' re tryi ng to take the pro-
gram design - what will be in-
cluded - and put it into a coherent 
structu re," he said. 

The committee. which has been 
meeting every two to th ree weeks. is 
comprised of II students and ten 
fac ulty and staff members. It has 
been co-chaired by Ass istant Vice 
ChanccllorofStudent Programs and 
Facilities Tom Tucker and Warren 
College senior Shannon Quigley. 
Since Quigley is graduating, Willen 
will be taking over tile tudent co-
chair position. 

The UCSD Guardian 

RECYCLE 
Continued from page 1 
paper by March of 1992. ac ording 
to Michael Oshman, one of the 
SEAC members who approached 
the UCB. 

"We went to Ray [Guerrero) of 
the [campus J Graphics Depart -
ment ... before we went to the UCB 
meeting, and the Graphics Depart-
ment did put one machine [using 
recycled paperJ on at the Copy Cen-
ter without the bureaucracy," 
Oshman said. "The reason why we 
we nt to the UCB was to lower the 
price from six cents to fi ve cents so 
all the prices would be the s:.me, ,1Ild 
students wouldn' t have the chance 
to say ' No, I don't want to pay the 
ex tr.1 penny per opy.· .. 

Steve Ringer.al 'oa EAC mem-
ber. say Guerrero W:JS responsible 
for making recycled paper ;lvai lable 
on campus. 

"Once it was available, we wrote 
up a resolution ,lIld presented it to 
the UCB,"Ringersaid. "[TIle UCB's 
vote) is son of an investment-type 
thing, in that they' ll sponsor the 
extra cost for a while. pending that it 
become more widely used all over 
canlpus, so the prices go down even-
tually. Once the rest of campus starts 
using it, the bulk will increase, sO 
they'll get bulk discounts when they 
order it. " 

-every day. Schmitz says he fee ls 
pleased with the conversion to re-
cycled paper, because "it 's good for 
the en ironment. ·' 

"We've been wanting [0 use it 
for some time. but we had to first 
find someone that could make it and 
if the cost is effec ti ve to buy it: ' 
Schmitz said. "We use only recycled 

" We should definitely 
make a move toward 

recycling ... [but] we're 
running a business, and 
the customers should 

have a choice. 

" NICK LONG Former UCB chair 
paper now. but we ca lT)' the other 
(l lso. if people want regular paper. 
Recycled paper is sli ght I y off-white. 
[there are someJ flaws in it. those 
little blaek tlecks, but the quality 
and thicknes~ is about the same." 

Accord ing toGuerrero. recycled 
paper is made almost exactly like 
regular paper, with the exception 
that 10 percent of old paper pulp is 
used in the production process. 

Recycled paper nonnally costs 

NEWS 3 

mure. due to the hiJher production 
costs and thc limited number of 
companie, who produce it. The pa-
per used at the Copy Center costs 
Graphicsand Reprod uctionSelvi es 
$9. 10 per thousand sheets, not in-
cluding tax , whilc"new" papercosts 
only $3 .60 per thousand. according 
to Guen·ero. 

Oshman estimates based on his 
research that UCSD Llses "hundreds 
of millions of sheets of paper a 
year. " 

SEAC is cun'ently working with 
the A.S. and A.S. President Agustin 
Orozco to convince campus media 
10 start using only recycled paper in 
their publications. 

"We 'resetting up a meeting with 
all the dep:lI1mcnt heads. with the 
hcl pofJ im Cal1'lllhers, to show thcm 
why they should order the recyclcd 
paper." he said . "We 're also trying 
to get the publicatiolls on campus. 
including the GIIL/rdiall. to stal1 u~­
i ng recycled paper." 

FOI111er UCB hair Nid .. Long 
said he hadmi cd views about the 
recycled paper at the Copy Center. 

"My view was that we should 
definit ely make a move toward re-
cycling." Long said. "On the other 
hand, I was strongly against using 
nothing but recycled paper in the 
store. We' re running a busines . 
and the customers should have a 
choice. We ri sk losing business." 

TheRiMACcommineeseesstu-
dents as the main users of the facil-
ity, but also conside rs that some 
faculty and staff will also be inter-
ested in using RIMAe. 

The fees for the use of the facility 
are a point of contention for the 
committee. According to a contro-
versial spring 1990 referendum, 
RIMAC will be partially funded by 
a student fee of $70 per quarter, 
which will be implemented upon 

Representative from such 
groups as the Associated Students, 
the Athletic Department, the Regis-
tration Fee committee, University 
Events, and the faculty are included 
in the committee's makeup. 

Oshman says that recycled paper 
is available to any department and 
organization if it's ordered through 
Graphics and Reproduction Ser-
vices. 

ERRATA 
Committee members visited 

similar facilities at UCLA, the Uni-
versity of Arizona, and Tulsa Uni-
versity in New Orleans for design 
ideas and to choo e an architect. 

According to Copy Center Man-
ager Terry Schmitz, the center u es 
roughly five or six cases of paper-
with each containing 5,000 sheets 

In the story "LGBA Holds Rally Against Hate Crimes" 
(Guardian, May 23), Assistant Professor of AnthropologyJennifer 
Robertson was quoted as saying that students should ask 
questions that will help "bring academics out of the closet: The 
quote should have read "bring disciplines out of the closet." 

The Guardian regrets the error. 

UCSD SPECIALS 
~ 

V!W;!f' I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
~ Mltsublshi Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

inor Tune Up Special $35 *(reg. $55) 
I. Spark plugs Our tune up includes a lot more thiN! others. It indudes. 
2. Distributor points 6. Clean & r ep~n ish an fluiti & oil levels 10. Check undercarriage lor damages 
3. Condensers 7. Check brakes 11. Check cooling syslem & hoses 
4. AdluSlllming B. Check clulch 12. Road test 
5. Adjusl dwell 1V\gle 9. Check I~hts 

,c..~~oint ~~i.!>l!e!~~~2£eCial (,!~~. 
2. Valve adJustmer.: 11. A~usl timing 21. Check & replenish all 2B. Check and recharge 

Replace: 12. A~ust dwell angle IIuid <Vld oiltevels banery.11 necessary 
3. ValVe cover gasket t 3. AdjuSI carburetor 22. Check eletflcal syslem 29. Rotate bres (If needed) 
4 Spark plugs 14. Adjust steering bOx 23. Check for loose or lost 30. Check tire pressure 
5. Distributor points t5. Adjus arr & luet ralio mIx bolts 31 . Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 16. Adjusl clutch 24. Check brakes 32. Check all holders 
7 Air fitter. 17. Adjust brakes 25. Check dutch 33. Check cooling system & 
B. 0 1 fiher. 18. Adlust emergency brakes 26. Check lights hoses 
9. Gas fitter. and 19. Check & adiusl exposed 27. Check undercarriage for 34. Check exhausl syslem 
10. Engine 011 belts damages 35. Road lest 

20. Lube Irom end 
Nolo: FOf 6-<y~nd" calS add S20 T oyo", Sup<as. add 530 Daisun 200SX ",1!l8 spark plugs. acid $3S 

Complete Clutch Job $169 * 
We repace: 

1. TransmiSSion Input shah seal (excep! 4. Throwout bearing Note: Hydraulic pans are not covered. 
Hondas 5. Pilot bearings Not for 4WD. Front wheel drive exira. 

2. Pressure plale 6. New transmission oil. 
3. CklIch disc 7. Road test 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
From or rear. Brake job mdtKles: 

t . !nstall special new.pads or Install rear brake shoes 5. Bleed entire brake syslem 
2. Dram Old brake IIuid 6. Adlust front (if drums) and rear shoes 
3. tnspect complete hydraulic system 7. Replace front rotor seals Of rotor turn) 
4. Relill hydraulic lIuid 8. Road tesl 
Noct: Hydlauhc par1S . .. IlOI ncluded 

ant"" new...,... AsIc about our ...... m •• for ........ OV.rtwuIL 
All our work ..... 2-,.. or 2O,GOO-mIIe IlIIIted w.rntnty_ 

All prlc.. Include p.ta .......... 

o¥erse~~ ('most cars) 
- ~ 8008 Miramar Rd .• ...1990 

•. ~ Rlplil Wilf:\ this ad .. ExpiresJune 2, 199t . 
MIl... • (;all for appointment. 

•••••••• Towing and rental car available. Monday-Friday, 7:30 am.s pm. Open Saturday 

Factory OUtlet 
APPAR E L 
DE I GNE R 
Z 0 N E 

50% 
TO 

90% 
BELOW 
RETAIL 

APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR. EAST PAST HWY.805 
LEFT ON CAMINO SANTA FE 
TO 8250 (ON LEFT) ... EASYI 

8250 CAMINO SANTA FE 

805 SALE 

• 8250 
La JOlla Village Or. Miramar Ad. 

HOTLINE: 
450-3323 



OPINION 
4 OPINJON 

EDITORIALS 
EdIllJrl(J1 Board 

PHIL GRUE . f.dllor 10 Clller 
ROBt MA L EA . Man.glllS EdilUr 
JASON . ELI .. C'" Edllor 

"'" L( 'WJ (iu"m/Illn h, rUllilt.t\(od t .... i\:C .1 ... tel ..lllhc Ln,\-cl'\ll) C'( (' .I1,'."n,J. S.Jn ()I.,!.:,I t",wlle4'\ 
I WI VI':V1 \ nprc,,,,,J ocrt"ln rl'plc'oC'm the-In.!Junl), hMcUllhcc:dllunollt.",nl.ulO .11(' nut nc,,\\oItIl v 

Ihl.l1(',f the lC Su.mi uf Rc,Cllh. th(' Sl (,SO. not Ih~ cntuc r.U4TJ'~1t ~(J!I 

. LGBA 

The Tragedy of Hate Crimes 
The rash of ph ne calls which appeared on the an!>wering 
ma~hine of the Le~bian, Gay, and Bi~exual ssoclation (LGBA) 
indicates that hate crime~ - or at leas( (he threat of them -
con ti nue to pelvade ociety and. tragically ppre~s those who 

choo~e a particularsexu(i1 preference. Before LGBA held a~emi­
~ Imal dance at the Price enter. phone me ages were received 
which threatened the placement of a bomb in the Price Center 
unless the daJlce was cancelled. 

This is tragiC. 
At the rally held by LGB against hate crimes on the gym 
~teps last Thursday, Literature Professor Stephanie Jed aid the 
phone calls LO LGBA, which were played overlhe sound ystem. 
were'" reprehensible a to be unthinkable." Indeed. 

It i~ beyond comprehen~ion that there are till people in our 
society who continue to threaten the lives of others because of a 
difference of opinion, a difference in kin color. or- in this case 
- a difference in sex ual orientation. It is beyond comprehens ion 
LO think gays. lesbian . or bisexuals are any different as people 
from what is arguably considered the "nom1" - the white 
heterosexual mille. 

When gays. lesbians. and bisexuals are verbally abused or 
threatened. thi s represents not only severe homophobia, but a 
warved vision of humanity and a thought process curbing free-
dom of expression and freedom of choice - something our 
Constitution was based on. 

When th(' issue hilS so close to home - right here at UCSD 
- it become more than a geneml problem which may affect 
some parts of society. Rather, it rears its head as a major problem 
whi h exists everywhere and should be improving, but that 
obviously has a long, long way to go. 

In th is day and age. people must I.cam to accept all people 
regardless of race. handicap. or exual orientation. for example. 
A failure to do so only perpetuates the problems society should 
be miving to overcol1.e. 

THE YAF QUOTA FLYER 

I Stirring Up Racial Tension 
Thae i, a philosophical argument against the u~e of quotas:l.~ 

a hiring or admissions pl1letice in today's w rkplace and in its 
ac.,ldcmic institlltion~ . But practical and philosophical argumen-
tation was not presented in the flyer "Quotas over Quality." 
posted around campus by the Young Americans for Freedom 

I (Y AF). Rather. the flyer merely added to the fire already buming 
under r.tcial issues at UCSD. 

The n er chose to frame :t somewhat p r1y educated 
underrcprcsentl:d ~tudelll with a terribly low SATscorc. minimal 
C\tfUcunicular activities. and no real career focus as an example 
of the typical underrepre 'ented student who is admitted to all 

univcr~ities in the University of Cali fornia and California State 
University systems. The flyer paired this student with San Diego 
high ' ellOol student Jenni fer Riel. an except ional Filipino-Ameri-
can who~e recent rejection from UC Berkeley received ome 
attention in the local press. 

Let's wake up for a second herl:. fo lks. 
Riel's rejection was not likely based upon the filling ofa qUOta. 

but probably because her req uested major - bioengineering -
\ a.s highly impacted at UC Berkeley. A fOnl1er UC D admis-
~ion official say lim Rielll'as accepted by UCSD. (lild was not 
om pell ed to stoopto the levels of the "Concord Career [n titute." 

as . ollie of the flyers suggest. Furthernl reo 110 student -
underrepre ented or not - whose SAT 'core challenge those of 
Russell White wi ll be accepted by nil UC school . In this ense. 
the flyer also served to portray all underrepresented students as 
uneducated and e sentially usele s to society. 

These framed profiles lend to the belief that the purpose of 
Y AF's flyer - and the en. uing flyer, posted a few days later. 
which simply asked if quotas were right or wrong - was not an 
<IItempt to crcate rational discussion on rhe is ue of quotas, but 
rather to stir up further racial tension on acampusalready heating 
up in that area. 

T he UCSD Guardian 

I totally see SAAC's point of 
view. This campus does 
need to be more aware and 
sensitive to historically 
oppressed individuals. 

I agree with SAAC also. 
That's really open-mi nded 
of you to think that way. 

Tuesday, May 28, 1991 

That's why I think the LGBA should 
be an honorary member of SAAC, 
and they should support each other. 

What?! Walt a second. You're 
one ot those fags from LGBA! 
Get the tuck away from me! 

~ 
o I 

COMMENTARY 

Straight from the UCSD Mouths 
• Zachary Berman and Vanness Harris discuss racial issues 
By Jonathan Traynham 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Throughout the Guardian/Student Affinnative 
Action Comminee (SAAC) controversy, many ar-
ticles, commentaries, and leners materialized from a 
usually indifferent campus. Many ideas were ex-
changed and many questions were answered - but 
many were not. So in the interest ofletting the public 
know exactly what is really going on while trying 
desperately not to reopen old wounds, I bring you 
10ng-awaiLed interviews with Zachary Bennan and 
Vanness Harris. 

Keep in mind that the views expre sed here are 
solely those of the panicipan(s. and do not reflect 
those of the Guardian or SAAC as a whole. 

ZA H ARY BERMAN 
Que tion: What i yourdefini tionof 
raci~Il1, Zachary? 

Zachary Berman: Having ill will 
toward another !".lce. - Short alld ad-
equ(/(e. He 1II1Ist have looked it up last 
/ligh,. 

Q: What are the goals of the famed 
'Recoil' commentaries? 

ZB: To piss off as many people as 
pos ible! (Laughs.)Justjoking. To how 
another point of view which is all too 
often drowned out by the vocal left on 
campu ' . - Yes, tire glly talks just like he writes. 

Q: What are your views on the' A-word' -
affirmati ve action? 

ZB: It flies in (he face of justice. 
Q: What the hell does that mean, Bennan? 
ZB: In other word , Jonathan. it' asy tem based 

on skin color rather than meri( or financial need. It's 
beyond me why ju t because one person 's kin is 
darker than another's he is therefore gramed acce s 
to the racial spoils sys(em of America. 

Q: How would you suggest affirmative action be 
changed? 

ZD: The problem is, we're treating the symptoms 
rather than the problem itself. Whereour efforts need 
to be concentrated is the pre-college level. The 
family structure and educational system are almost 
non-existent in many impoverished regions in 
America. both white and minority. 

Q: Are you a member of the Y AF organization? 
- Zachary gal flustered when J asked this one and 
refused to answer. Persollally,! believe Ihe rumors 0/ 
his affiliation are true, bllt! don't Ihink he agrees 
Willi all o/YAPs policies. Because a/this. he prob· 
ably won' t publicly condol/e or condemn fhe orgal/i· 
zation tllat spread the 'Quotas ol'erQuality' flyers. I 

didn ' l~pecta"answeranyway.bulitwaswonhalry. 
Q: What is your response to the critics of your race-

based scholarship article? 
ZB: I stand by everything I said. It'salllOOpercent 

true. 
Q: Soin yourmind there do exist 'successful races' 

and ' unsuccessful races'? Don't lie. 
ZD: The implicit idea behind affirmative action is 

to help those races which have not done as well as 
others in the American financial and educational sys-
tems. It's not based on minority status. As I've shown. 
Jews and Asians are minorities, yet because of [their] 
successful status [they] are not given preferential 
treatment. - Philosophy majors always seem 10 an-
swer questions by starting offwilh 'the idea behind .. .' 

Q: Why do you think supposedly un-
successful races are unsuccessful? 

ZB: Four hundred years of slavery 
augmented with a society not willing to 
take them once freed is devastating to the 
socio-economic status of a people. Fortu-
nately, there are no longer any barriers 
put on blacks and other minorities. If 
anything, minority status is an advantage. 

Q: If it's an advantage, why do white 
males make more money on average do-
ing the exact same job as blacks and 
women? As a maner of fact, there was a 
study written up in the LA. Times where 

white and black males were sent out on job interviews 
with the same qualifications. The results showed an 
overwhelming preference for white males. 

ZB: I would have to know more about that study to 
answer. But as you've sa id to me before. statistics can 
be manipulated to mean anything. 

Q: Do you th ink your anic1es have been censored 
because of SAAC pressure? 

ZB: Unequivocally yes! [Guardian Editor in Chiet] 
Phil Gruen is the grand censor to whom all other 
censors pay tribute. Before the SAAC controversy 
with the Guardian, I had much freer rein with my 
work. Now I must haggle with him for IO minutes over 
the politically correct nature of my word choice -
Lalerlfinally gOlthis Olll oflrim:-Because ofSAAC 
pre sure, Phil yanked my work altogether on three 
occasions. 

Q: What do you think about lames Collier's article 
on Manin Luther King [saying that Third College 
should not be named for King because of allegations 
that King plagiarized in his scholarly work)? 

ZD: What I found most troubling wasn't what 
James wrote, but Phil At the end of the article, Phil 
added a byline stating that James is an African-Ameri-

See MOUTHS, Page 6 

Tuesday, May 28,1991 The UCSD Gua.rdian 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

YAF Flyer Misrepresents Asians 
Editor: 

As Filipino-Americans, we are 
disturbed by the Young Americans 
for Freedom (Y AF) flier "Quotas 
Over Quality," that was the cemer 
of controversy in yourarticJe"Some 
Allege Ryerson Quotas are Racist" 
on Monday, May 13. Although, not 
for the reason Y AF would lead our 
UCS D community to believe. As 
the debate over Affinnative Action 
continues, different and infonned 
perspectives are needed to clarify 
the issues. As students from (his 
institution of higher learning and 
research, we therefore believe state-
ments that adversely affect others 
under AffirmativeAction should be 
intelligent and researched thor-
oughl y to provided an infonned and 
productive viewpoint. In the fli er, 
however, Y AF depicted Affirnla-
live Action as a mechanism for un-
qualified students to be admitted 
into the UC system and California 
State universities. [f Y AF had both-
ered to look at the definition of 
Affinnative Action admission poli-
cies, they would have realized that 
all students arefully qualified! This 
law is a positive action to meet 
parity in our society in response to 
historical and institutionalized op-
pression. Those who are under Af-
finnative Action : African-Ameri-
can, ChicanolMexiean-American! 
Latino and Native American and 
who meet all the requirements for 
admission are accepted. 

Y AF' s belief that Affinnative 

Ac(ion i as ociated with unquali-
fied individuals, therefore a 'sum-
ingaquotasystem,could huvearisen 
due to the confusion and misinter-
pretation between Affinnative Ac-
tion a(ld Special Action. Special 
Action is anyone who is admit1ed 
who does not meet (he nomml ad-
mi sion requirement . Forexample, 
at many schools Special Action tu-
dellls include athlete , children of 
alumni, people from underrepre-
sented geographic regions and 
people with special talents in sci-
ence, fine arts, perfonning arts, etc. 
Note, there is a limit. For example. 
a Special Action student may have 
met the S.A.T, GPA and a-e, but no 
Lhe f requirement so they are admit-
ted through Special Action because 
of their other upplemental criteria 
as stated above. 

It is obvious that this fl yer is an 
injustice to 0/1 Asian Americans 
(Filipino- Americans, Chines~­
Americans, Japanese-Americans, 
Korean-Americans , Vietnamese-
Americans, Laotian-Americans, 
etc.). Through one case model, Y AF 
has provoked and perpetuated the 
image of the model minority. This 
does a disservice to the heterogene-
ity and needs of the Asian commu-
nities in America today. The model 
minority myth is "that if we work 
hard enough, we will make it in the 
United States. Look at the Asians in 
businesses, educational institutions, 
etc. versus other groups who are 
' too lazy' to make it." The reason 

But if you 're using 

thi i' an injusti e to A ians is be-
C(luse it 'ets up our community w, 
the "middle man minority" in soci-
ety in order to divide and conquer 
the coalitions of pc pIe of color and 
other underrepresented group~. It is 
tactics such as these that uncon-

iou ly de troy the thread of com-
mon ground that can empower all 
people and create a respectful, co-
hesive community. 

Another blatant mi representa-
tion of the facts is the implication 
thaI it is the individual's fault fornot 
succeeding inAnlericansociety. this 
denies the institutional and struc-
tural inequities (hat exist today in 
political, economic, and ocial sy -
terns of the United States. Further-
more, the assumption of equality in 
society ignores the true historical 
facts of slavery, egregation, exclu-
sionary acts, annihilation of Native 
Americans, internment of J apane e-
Americans and countless other vio-
lations of human rights and digni -
ties in our nation. 

Through their insensitivity and 
disregard for the truth, Y AF has 
reinforced the unjust stigma against 
necessary and beneficial programs 
such as Affirmative Action. More 
importantly, ifthi ignorance causes 
one individual to question them-
selves or their abilities, then Mr. 
Greg Gei ler and his association are 
accomplices 10 the crime 0 f oppres-
sion. 

I 

Eleonor Castillo 
Cecilia A. Nepomuceno 

The housing search could 
easily leave you feeling a-
little GUASiJ)IAN 

NMoa 
iOISdn 

Classifieds, chances 
are you ' ll be upright in 
no time. 

OPINION 5 
, 

Terrorists Against LGBA 
Are Cesspool Poltroons 
Editor: 

This is an open leller in-
tended for the person or per-
sons responsible for the threats 
made again t LGBA's Semi-
Formal as reported in the May 
16th i. ue of the Guardian. 

You speak of immorality 
but at the same time you seem 
to have no regard for the re-
spect (lnd dignity which every 
human being is worthy of no 
matter what their personal phi-
losophy on life may be. I my-
self am not gay, nor am I a 
tremendou fan of gay (lware-
ness. However, I am willing 10 
acknowledge the f(lct thm the 
gay community has the right to 
believe as it may without threats 
orintimidationjust as any other 
community in this nation oron . 
this planet. If we violute this 
right, and are still wiling to call 
ourselves God-fearing people 
or Americans Qr any other title 
which we may apply to justify 
ourown position on the matter, 
then we are hypocrites and un-
worthy of that title. 

However, you are worse 
than a hypocrite. You are a 
polt roon,an in ufferable,pu si-
lanimous excuse for a human 
being who, through the use of 
intimidation tactics. now has 
deprived yourself of the right 
to be heard by any reasonable 
human being. The fact that you 

We've got more up-to-
date listings on available 
housing for UCSD 
students than you can 
imagine. 

made your threats anonymously 
only goes furt her to prove that you 
are a coward. unwilling to face 
whatever con~equences may come 
as a result of your action . At least 
the terrorist group in rhe Middle 

Ea~t are willing to claim responsi-
bility for their atrocities! 

Perhaps you should keep in 
mind that you are part of a minor-
ity and that to violate the right of 
anyone group to be heard is to 
v iolate the right of everyone in the 
long run to be heard. Suppose it 
was you who received the bomb 
threat. or the threatening calls. 
Would you have the courage, as 
these people did, to persevere in 
the face of danger? Somehow I 
dOll'! think you would, orelse you 
would have identified yourse lf. 

If you think that homosexual-
ity is immoral or incorrect in any 
way, there is nothing wrong with 
that as long as you define yourself 
and your discourse in moral or 
philosophical ternlS. To resort to 
terror is to resort to ignorance and 
cowardice. You disgust me even 
more than the people who are try-
ing to shove "politically-correct" 
doctrinedownourthroats. At least 
they aren' t afraid (0 speak up! 

Do humanity a favor and crawl 
back into the cesspool from which 
you arose. Or belLer yet - grow 
up and act like mature human be-
ings! 

Steve Condrey 

We'll help pul you back on your leel again 

MeAT "Info Day at Hyperlearning" 
Tuesday, May 28th, 3:00 to 4:00pm at Hyperlearning, Suites 1131 and 1132A of the La Jolla Village Prof Center, 
(behind the E-Bar and EI Torito, across the street from UCSD). 
"I/tNf ~4/ ~iJ ~ ~ .. ? 

At 53 meetings and 144 houn (plus optional study lab, additional testing, and office hours) we offer the most intensive commercial prep course in the 
country for the new format MCAT. How intensive? For an example, let's talk about those important new Verbal Communications subscores on the new test. 
Verbal skills now make up two of the four subscores, and will be key factors in selection of the 1992 class of med students, particularly among students with 
above average sciences scores. Did you know that we do more ~ 10 graded and/or critiqued essays in the Writing Sample component of our course? You 
work with a true expert in this fjeld, drilling you on how to write the specific type (thesis/antithesis/synthesis) of essay that is required for the MCAT, and 
instructing you in the criteria of holistic seoring. Did you know that we read more than 60 timed Verba! Reasoning passages in class (with addi tional take 
home passages), drilling you in V.R. until the speed reading, inference, and basic logic of the passages become second nature? Many of the students in our 
April course finished V.R. on the offioal test with more than five minutes to spare, after 15 weeks of practice with us. Did you know that we are writing speed 
reading study lab (and take-home) computer software for this summer's program? Nothing trains you in speed reading better than a computer! We treat our 
Sciences program with this same attention to your timed performance in the test environment. Full-time instructors with superlative credentials take you 
through two and one-half hours of fast-paced problem solving and test-taking skills each day, five days a week, for ten weeks: seven weeks of topical review 
and passage work, followed by three weeks of testing, all in a socratic, interactive and personalized environment. Like to find out more? 

~ Come on down and meet our instructors. Ask them any questions you may have about the course. 
~ We'll talk about the recent April test, and our program for the September 14th MCA T. 
~ We'll have great handouts on MCAT prep, moo school selection, and other items of interest. lOam-Mldn..ile 

LlU • • _ .... _I ... (222.~~~OO 
"Score like the Lakers, not the Clippers." /71 1 JI-'~I ·/l::t::Il ., III '!:/ 



6 OPINION 

UCSD NIGHT 
IS BACKI 

WEDNESDAY NIGHTS 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 

5tN)Ay NGHTS 
un ........ "" PlAYBtSGW> 

7·10 

• 21 /w student ID '->.,.p .... 

ENTERTAINMENT 
storts at 7:30 p.m. 
until! 0:30 p.m. 

Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-12 pm. Fri.-Sat. 11 am·2 am 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Sofl Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas penn. hard Brown eyes to blue 

*Includes: CL exam, care kit. myopic len es. 30 day follow up. 
Brands include B&L. Cooper, WJ, Paraperm, 

Service 
• Quallt,. E,.ecare 

(Ofrcrc.pi .... lYlSl9l) • Rea.onable Price. 

eLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemolll Mesa Blvd. 

DARE fO BE ~H"~rs' ,,~~$~ A~ Hair Coloring a 
Perms From 

$40. 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

J10N I N~'WLocA "" . 
CHULA VISTA: 
283 Third Ave. 
425-CUTS 
COLLEGE: 
6686 EI Cajon Blvd. \ 
463-5052 
PACIFIC BEACH: 
1447 Garnet Ave. 
273-CUTS 
OCEAN BEACH: 
4882 Newport Ave. 
222-3777 
HILLCREST: 
409 University Ave. 
291-CUTS 

The UCSD Guardian 

MOUTHS 
Continued from page 4 
can student. It is a sad day when an 
editor must clarify the race of a 
columni t out of fear of a SAAC 
backla h. Perhap SAAC is the 
grandcensorlo whom all others pay 
tribute. 

Q: What do you think about 
Black and White Cartoons of Color? 

ZB: In the beginning, I was of-
fended by them. As time went on. I 
realized you were doing nOlhing 
more than what I was doing. Now, 
with the SAAC controversy, I real-
ize that lh~r political views must 
be tolerated no matter how offen-
sive they are. Traynham has just as 
much right to print what he does as 
I do. To believe otherwi e would 
make me ju t as bad as those in 
SAAC and other self-appointed 
guardian ofthePC movement , who 
will use allY means necessary to 
suppre s those who oppose their 
political correction agenda. 

V ANNESS HARRIS 

Q: What is your definition of 
raci m, Vannes ? 

VH: The ability of one race or 
culture to economical ly, socially, 
and politically suppres anothercul-
ture. To disclaim those who cry 
reverse racism, only the race or cul-
ture in power can be racist - but 
any race can be discriminatory and 
prejudiced. 

Q: Has SAAC contacted G liard· 
iall sponsors in an effort toput us out 
of business? 

VH: SAAC contacted advertis-
ers - not to get them to stop spon-
sorship, but make them aware of the 
way in which the Guardian was 
portray ing underrepresented orga-
nizations on canlpu . - I would 
hope our SpOil ol'salready read our 
papel' and kilo IV this. MallY consel'-
votive La l alla busillessmen prob-
ably could,,' I care less. 

Q: What areyourviewson Y AF? 
vn: They just wanted to jump 

on the bandwago n once the 
underrepresented problem appeared 
as a political issue.-LaterVamress 
called YAF nothing more lilan a 

"liu/e conservat;I'e republican 
Klan." 

Q: What are your views on Po-
litical Correctness? 

VH: There i no politically cor-
rect way to represent a culture 's 
personal livelihood. PC is not a pri-
mary topic on SAAC's agenda, but 
more importantly, society'S con-
sciousness of a particular race 's 
background. Society needs to be-
come comfortable with accepting 
the politiCal term a culture wishes (0 
use as its identification. 

Q: In the aftennath of your rally, 
is there going to be another course 
of action? 

VH: The next course of action is 
dependent upon the Guardian's fu-
ture coverage and representation in 
dealing with underrepresented or-
ganizations. 

Q: Was the first rally a success? 
VH: Successful in terms of each 

organization voicing their general 
concerns with the Guardian. The 
overall success is still left to be seen. 

Q: What is your response to crit-
ics who say that SAAC is reaction-
ary and that you are a demagogue? 

VB: The critics who think that 
SAAC is reactionary are the typical 
mainstream reservists who are re-
sistant to change. The problem con-
taining underrepresented groups has 
been existing before many of us 
were born. Those who refuse to deal 
with the i sue of diversity are the 
ones who are rea cling to an already 
existing problem. Before anyone 
tries to tackle the articles in the 
paper dealing with diversity, they 
should pick up a book and educate 
themselves on the topic. 

For those who cal l me a dema-
gogue, my concerns with under-
representation are not power-ori-
ented. When I concern myself with 
culturally sensitive issues, ari ing 
emotions are inevitable and have 
nothing to do with my political sta-
tus. 

Q: What were yourrnotives be-
hind your "Idiot-thon" letter? 

VH: Read it again. and this time 
I would hope literate individuals 
would respond to relevant points . 
- Motives behind was the ques-
tion. but I guess Vanlless likes 10 

Tuesday, May 28,1991 

portray 'his myslerious image. 
Q: Would you ever write forthe 

Guardian full time? 
VH: Hell, no! I'm graduating. 

- When I asked him if he lI'ould 
consider wriling for his fal'orile 
newspaper, the new indicator, he 
refused to answer. 

Q:Whati youropiniononJame 
Collier's infamou Martin Luther 
King commentary? 

VH: James set him elfup to be 
presented as a pawn in the main-
stream game of tokenism. It WM 
particularly degrading to Mr. Collier 
as an African-American male and 
as a literate individual to focus on 
theminisculeaccusationofDr. King 
being a plagiari t. He totally ig-
nored or refused 10 recognize the 
very ignificant advances Dr. King 
made for humanity and civil right. 
Digging a deeper hole for himself, 
Mr. Collier decided to ju tify not 
naming Third College "King Col-
lege" on the basis of this flagrant 
accusation. If Mr. Collier thought 
he was doing the university a great 
favor by not naming Third "King," 
he should further investigate Earl 
Warren, who voted in favor of the 
Japanese concentration camps. Col-
lege sound familiar? 

Q: Do you think the Guardian 
has been censoring articles because 
of pressure from SAAC! 

VH: It ismyhope that the Guard-
ian wouldn ' t censor articles so that 
those individuals who wish to put 
their ignorance on the line can be 
educated accordingly. - WORD! 
You hear that, Phil? This is the maill 
thing I tried to get across in my 
commentary on the rally. 

Q: What do you think about my 
cartoons? 

VH: Your cartoons are a means 
of illustrating in print the reality of 
underrepresented problems which 
mainstream individuals refuse to 
face. It is easier to avoid issues 
which we read than it is to avoid 
issues that wesee.-When asked 10 
commenronmy "Stop Ihe Violence" 
cartoon dealing wilh Ihe step show 
at the hump a few weeks back -
which he hated, along with a lot oj 
other people - he also refused to 
comment. 

WANNA GET PUBUSHED? 
The UCSD GUAP'liiAPl welcomes your letters and commentaries. Drop your letter at the G ... ,.Ilu.,. offices (on the 

second floor of the old Student Center, above the General Store:) or mail it to: 
Letters to the Editor 

Gw. .. lli ... 
B-016, UCSD 

La Jo~, CA 92093 
Letters mwt be typed, double-spaced, and should include a signatun: and a phone number. Unsigned Icttcn will 

not be printed . We reserve the right to edit for length and clarity. 

YOUR ILLNESS 
COULD IE PRo.n18U $ $$ 

If you have a major illness, 
you could make a valuable 
contribution to the medical 
community, and earn $$$. 

• Measles 
• Hepatitis 
• Mononucleosis 
• Lupus 
• Herpes 

$50 
.... 

III-
• Severe Allergy 
• Chicken POll 
• Lyme Disease 
• Clotting Factor Deficiency 
Sensitized to the Rh Factor 

For IIIOf'e Illl0000000tioll, pIfaR COIItad 

MD LUOUIOIIU 
226·1733 

By popular demand, 

GJA'S 
announces its 

THURSDAY UCSD 
NIGHTS 

party on our patio 
wiD continue all 

summer 101ll! 

PITCHERS 
$300 $400 Domestic Imported 

ONE-TOPPING PIZZAS 
$500 12-inch $700 14-iDch 

_ .... UCSOII) 

GIA'S ItaUu IleItuuut 792-752 I 145 So, Hwy 101 
SOLANA BEACH 

Tuesday, May 28, 1991 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 7 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

America Must be careful in Negotiation of Free Trade Treaty 
Editor: . . criteria. occupationally caused illnes and tions can challenge each other's vironmental regulations as a prereq-

An IS ue of great Importance I As presently conceived it would turnover. Maquiladoras show that intemallawsasstructural trade bar- lIisite to any future trade pact; asser-
currently on the floor of the United further a form of international divi- U.S. fac tories relocate and U.S. riers. Numerous examples of such tion that any pact must prt!vent the 
States Congress. ion oflabor that would provide for employment suffers. San Diego challenges already exist. flight of U.S. capital; finally. that 

~ Bu h. A~mini tratio~ hopes the exploitation of Mexico' s . abun- could only expect a dismal impact Thi aspect of these trade agree- necessary debt forgi vene,. and in-
to gam permission to ne~ollate ~nd dant and cheap' labor and it natural on its poore t segments. ments represents an undemocratic vestment be spec ifica lly directed to 
close a Free Trade Pact with MeXICO. resource . As the global environment faces a/tack Oil ellvirunmenral sover- encourage illlegraled, ('cologicafly 
It is asking Congress to extend fa t- The Mexican Government com- greater stre S, any increase in pollu- l'ignO'. Environmental , agricultuml and C'tIlturafly co/rl!refl( dCl'l'loplllcnt 
track authorization under which mits frequent and flagrant human tion is in ufferable, and in this case and health standards addressed by (0/ basic illjraslrllcllIre) 1O II'ords 
Congre s could only accept or re- rights violation (often in contain- would be experienced locally. In these pacts are de cribed as ceil- lIationalself-slifficiencywith coI11J1le-
ject a complete and unamended ment of labor protesls .... ) Mexican San Diego, sewage discharge from illgs ral/rer Ilranfloors. Skeptics of IIIClllal:V ra ther than excl usive for-
agreement. Potentially unde irable Union operate as a wing of their Tijuanarepresentsaclearerexample the third successive Republicanad- eign trade. 
items can be buried ina larger pack- govemment and exert control over of what i to be expected. ministration must view thi us a Because of the immediacy. any 
age thatenjoysheavycorporatesup- workers - backed by police vio- [nlight of the U.S. government 's veiled attempt to further circum- action must be taken at once. If. 
port and would be buttre sed by its lence. own 'difficulties ' in enforcing its vent already minimalenvironmen- however, Congress should let extell-
acceptance by the other ide. Other abuses exist: According to own envi ronmental protections, it is tal protections. sion occur. we must be prepared to 

To oppose the enactment of a a report issued by the Mexico City a t bes t polyana to expect that In addit ion to indicating sup- direct our energies against ratifica-
possibly injurious pact. it is there- City Council, at present 10 to 15 Mexico, with fewer resources to port for these, impol1ant points in- tion if any agreed treaty fail s to com-
fore necessary to presently oppose million children aged 14 or under direct to enforcement, will attain clude: opposition 10 fast track as prehensively address the concerns 
fast-track authorization. This pact are illegally employed in Mex icoat even th i level of effectiveness - inappropriate and antidemocratic raised. 
seriou Iy threaten the environment, even lower wages. It would be i11 - especia ll y considering that thi ', delegation of COllgressional reo The U.S. ban on asbestos is being 
labor(onboth ides)andboth econo- advised to put American labor in again, is 01 odds with an urgent sponsibiliry: insistence that I'll , challenged by Cnm1da (the world' s 
mie . direct competition with such a desire for foreign capital. forceab/e criteria wi th specific largest producer) as a stru tuml trade 

These effects will be felt nation- workforce. But the greatest environmental sancti on replace appeals to . good barrier. Mexico challenges the Ma-
wide, but most intensely in San Di- Hourly wages tell a pan of the threat faced domestically may be-tf faith' on all sides: insistence that rine Mammal Protection Act (under 
ego and the rest of the 2.000 mile story - $10.47 versus $0 .47 - but an entirely different kind: Under Mexico demonstrate/till and COli · GAIT: its tuna isnot dolphin friendly. 
international border. neglect appallingly high rates of the pre ent proposal, signatory na- sistent el!forcemelllofstri ngen tell- Ely Rabani 

Over the last eight years, as trade 
with the U.S. increased, Mexican 
productivity increased 10-12% but 
wage concomitantly declined by 
50%. 

In spite of this , Mexican Presi-
dent Salinas hope to greatly liber-
alize trade regulations. He feels that 
trade, at any COSI, is the solution to 
Mexico 's population pressures and 
underdevelopmen.t. 

Salinas continue by aying that 
free trade is essential if Mexico is to 
be a conduit of goods rather than 
refugees between the U.S. and Cen-
tral America (and it is evident to 
which constituency this is aimed). 

Bu h's argumentisthatwemust _ 
consolidate ourselves into a mega-
economy to compete with EC '92. 
In fact, the talk i already of a hemi-
spheric economy. To the objections 
raised, the administration offers only 
its ' good faith.' 

According to trade representa-
tive Carla Hill, who would negoti-

" Trade must in fact be an 
essential - but not 

preponderant nor central 
- part of development in 
Mexico as well as the rest 
of the developing world. 

" ate the treaty, as for enforcement of 
existing and new environmental pro-
tections, "We twst thatother sover-
eign states will enforce their laws as 
weU,"- a long way from "trust but 
verify." This view neglects that de-
velopment must necessarily have as 
its precondition a clean environ-
ment and hence ecological coher-
ence if it is to be in any way desir-
able or sustainable. 

Trade must in fact be anessential 
- but not preponderant nor central 
- part of development in Mexico 
as well as the rest of the developing 
world. It must,however, correspond 
to development towards culturally 
appropriate economic self-suffi-
ciency and national ecological con-
gruity. Eventually any other course 
will necessarily lead to dire conSe-
quences on all side (i.e. resulting 
from a dispossessed world popula-
tion numbering 10 to 15 billion.) 

The cu ITCnt case fai I on all the e 

BRAKE JOBS 
starting at 

$24.95 

NEW LOCATION 
GRAND OPENING 

FREE ESTIMATES 
NO OBLIGATION! 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! 
With th is ad. OHer expires June 15. 1991. -raM I~ In ON ~ UC ... I 8545 Arjons !!! SUite F ~ 

Mon.·Fri. 8·5 
Sat. 9·2 549·8233 AUTOMOTIVE SD .8 to () • 
WriHen guarantee quality parts. 

Take Miramar Road, left on Cabot, then right on Arjons 
to Foremost Business Park, Suite F Miramar Rd . L _____________________________ ~ _____________ ~ 

DAiL V WEAR (Cooperthin) ......... .................. $89 
EXTENDED WEAR (8 & L, 03104) ....... ... .. .... $105 
BROWN EVES BLUE (Myopes only) .......... .. $199 
_ : CompIoIt • 'l8/1Iination • (lIauo)ma \8SI' L ... t'Ialoaing & titling • Par of 

....-ct _lor m~ (nearsigIIIod). F_up car.' So1utJon CillO kit· F<AI 
__ • ~. T_ car. jlogram • 0II'0r major brands in 510Ck 

• Ot!tr good lor Iirst·lmt palitrlS 

r 20% OFFl 
I A SECOND PAIR OF CONTACT I I LENSES OR BACKUP I 

GLASSES WHEN PURCHASED I WITH A PAIR OF CONTACTS I 
L (Expires 6/1/9 ) .J ~~~-~_-----------....J _______ _ 

J & J Acu Vue or elba disposable lenses $89 
for 4 boxes with current RX 

IMMEDIATE REPLACEMENT 
Cooperthin (O,T) .................................................... $19.00 
Ciba Visitant ......... ...................................... ............ $26.00 
Wesley· Jesen (OW) ............................................. $22.00 
Sollmate (OW) .................................................... $25.00 
B&L 04 (EW) ......... ............................................. $29.00 
B&L U4 .................. ............................................. $21 .00 
elBA TtNT ..................................................... ... .. $39.00 

early "OIling & Saturday appolntmenls now available 

J & J Acu Vue or Ciba disposable lens 
complete package plan $189 

Nor1h 
County 
Q~t 

6780 Miramar Rd. 
at Miramar & Commerce behind Carl 's Jr. VISIONCARE MasterCard & Visa accepted 578·6796 East County 668-45311 



8 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Tue day, May 28, 1991 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

When ilslime 
10 pack up The Big Flap Over the Big Flapper 

.Is the Sun God a simple, playful sculpture, or a sex symbol? 

and go home ••• 
( I Ii, 
I ~~, i;f t· '. r ~ ) , . I 
\'~ ,> ~\'- ' )--

(:lL iN.,; 
If ( . ' i / ft ~~~ 

~,JI~' " 
We specialize in packing 
& shipping small loads. 
MOving boxes available. 

• Custom a ating 
and pacJang 

• Pack.agmg supplies-baKes, tape. 10am 
• ShlPP"'9 110m I 10 I ,000 poundS-

InCludlng ov mJghi cleUvery 
• inSUlanee 10 $50,000 
• Pick up servlco 
. 7· 10 IO-day d oU. ry 

t \~'~Pa.cka.ging S~ore _ 
,., JhIP'" trII. IOU , •• "ell", '"11 

Open 9·5, Monday thru Friday 
1130 Wall SI. <nell_ lolhoPast OOa ) 

La JoUa. CA 92037 . 454-9680 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

l &SteVlts ''' ~'''''' 
• 

:------FREE------
Yogurt or Ice Cream • • • 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Buy One Cone or Cup, .t regul.r price, 
Get One For Free. 

limit $3 . Topping not Included. 
• Not valid wnh olher discounts . One coupon per customer. per vis it. 
: Valid only a t Cos /a V"rde Shopping Cenler. 
• IN THF l IPPEl{ I F.VEL FO I) COI 'HT 
: 8650 GENESEE AVENUE . 450-3044 
: Student Discount Cords NOW Available! 
. ---
•••••••••••••••• COUPON •••••••••••••• 

• 

Editor: 
When I aw Stephanie Be1l"~ 

leller, I wa. thri lied. I too had al-
ways felt that way about this statue, 
and tinally, ~ome ne was expo ing 
it for the ~exis t statement it is. 

Imagine my shock, then, when I 
read on and found that her interpre-
tation wm, mpletel wrong. The 
arch, you ~ee, represents a limp 
phallu . It i only bccau. e of her 
Eurocenlric perspective that M . 
Bell a ~ume that as a "god," the 
dominating figure mu 't be male; 
other culture. have dieties of both 

~exes. This statue la(;ks a phallus 
and i, thu~ c lemly female, not male. 
h al 0 lack~ breasts, and represents 
thus not merely any female, but the 
radical feminist . TI1i:. clearly ex-
pres e the radical feminist' ~ tlomi -
o:. on of mak~ and , exuality in 
geneml. \ hether intentional or not! 

But ,eriou~ly . fo lk:., this was 
just an exe rci ~e In the ab:.urtl: I think 
the unGod i~mere l) a particularly 
ugly piece of an work and a good 
e\cu\c fo r a party. I d not thin\.. it 

prornot e~ any political :Jgenda. 
I tlo n t , ee k Bell' ~ leuer as 

repre\cnting any , ingle group. but 
a~ represenl:Jtive of all itutles of 
group ' all over the political ~pec­
trum which occupy them~clve 
hunting for ev ils that are not truly 
there. From the politicall y c rrect 
to the PMR . on both sides of the 

EA debate. fr m the oalition for 
a Drug Free America to Amateur 
Terr rist Jeff Pitman pcoplearetilt-
ing at political windmills. danger-
ous only in their own minds. 

Let us tum our attention to real 
problems such as the budget deficit, 
the growing chaos in 8.1stem Eu-

rope. and the declining quality of 
edu ation. 

Mark Paskowitz 

Editor: 
This letter i in response to 

Stephanie Bell' comment about the 
man on top of the vagina. I had 
never viewed the Sun God from 
your perspective until recently when 
I took a good long look at it and 
agreed with whm you aid about it. 
Now I ee a very good re emblance 
which fit s the de cription you gave. 
I, on behalf of those male students 
who hare my views - and I am 
sure it tands for the majority -
apologizes for the Sun God' op-

pres~ive nature. 
I wi ll organize a mlly "or some-

thing" with friends to either have 
the un God completely removed 
or at the very least invert the struc-
ture and have the arch on top to 
make women dominant. I am for 
letting women takc a more domi-
nant role in socie ty. I do thi s so thm 
y u do not disc urage your daugh-
ter from coming to our tine institu-
tion. 

After having the Sun God in-
verted. instead of the old Domino's 
Pi zza-sponsored Sun God Festivals. 
I will organize"l nve rted Sun God" 
panie sponsored by Mr . Fields 
cookie . Mrs. Fields cookies is an 
exemplary company headed by a 
woman. This would replace the cur-
rent sponsor who is a no-good male 
oppressor who makes pizzas. J think 
that bringing in a cookie lady would 
serve as an excellent role model for 
women who want to take a domi-
nant role in society . 

Albert A. Barba 

Editor: 
tephanie Bell's letter entitled 

"UC D's SunGod is an Oppres. ive 
Figure" (Guardic/II. May 21) shed a 
light 10 the world of meaning, which 
we tudent are too busy 10 recog-
nize. She argue thm the Sun God 
expresses man's domination over 
women. so it i sexist. 

Let me try to interpret "Sun God" 
from my own perspective. To me. 
Sun God is a ymbol of "enlighten-
ment:'Through the entire history of 
humanity. people uch a Jews, 
Catholics. Mu lim . Prote tants.etc. 
have foughl against each other in 
religious wars. each believing in 
theological upremacy. 

Very recently. however. we have 
come up with an ideal - though 
fragile - that religious differences 
mu t be tolerated, and , if possible. 
enjoyed as "symbolic identifica-
tion," (as Herbert Gans tenl1etl it). 
"Sun God" is ymbolic identifica-
tion which all UCSD folk can enjoy 
when they want to . "Sun God" does 
not force us to discriminate or hurt 
anybody. 

Quite the contrary. it gives us :J 
source of pleasure and a sense of 
unity as p:Jn of the UCSD family 
regard les of sex, race, nationality, 
sexual orientation.elc. This, [th ink. 
is great enlightenment. 

[n interpreting "Sun God:' any-
body can be as creative as Bell: 
"The arch is representative of a 
woman 's vagina, the ivy on the one 
side i representative of pubic hair 
and these are both dominated by a 
male fi gure, i.e. the Sun God." Why 
not discuss the interpretation of "Sun 
God," and enjoy? 

Kazuaki Uekawa 

. I \' '; 
r.. :;. , \' ,:'\ ' 

; "jl;.i/·~;ti~. :~ .. , "v,fo .... , ..... j.! ..... ... . . , 
It took Galileo 16 years to master the universe. 

You have one night. 
It seems unfai r. The genius had all that time. While you have a few 

short hours to learn your slIn spots from your sateWtcs before the 
dreaded astr01l0my exam. 

On the other hand, Vivarin gives you the definite advantage. It helps 
keep you awake and mentally aJert for hours. Safely and conveniently. So 
even when the subject matter's dull , your mind \\~II stay razor sharp. 

If GaWeo had lIsed \'ivarin, maybe he could have mastered the solar 
system faster, too. 

Revile with VIVARIN: 

,... 

----

-----

--

VIVARIN' 
-~ -.... ~ .... 

----- -

Tuesday, May 28,1991 

• Does the 
university's 
judicial system 
really protect 
the rights of 
students? 
By Ben Boychuk 
Senior Staff Writer 

The UCSD 
Student Con-
duct Code is not 
exactly the sort 
of reading one 
would select to 

curl up with in front ofa roaring 
fireplace on a cold winter night. 
It' s UCSO' s own version of 
Crime alld PUllisilmelll, full of 
rules, regulation. policies, pro-
cedure , and protocol. It may not 
be panicularly interesting mate-
rial to a casual reader. but for a 
student in trouble, it takes on an 
almost biblical significance. 

The Student Conduct Code is 
an outline of the policies and 
procedures which govem the jus-
tice system of UCSD. It lists the 
15 general categories of unac-
ceptable behavior, ranging from 
cheating and plagiarism to the 
use and/or possession of alcohol, 
illegal drugs, firearms, and ex-
plosive . Should a student be 
found guilty of committing any 
of the 15 general crimes, the stu-
dent conduct code provide. for 
13differentformsofpuni hment, 
from the leniency of a written 
warning to the severity of a di -
mi sal. 

The Office of Student Con-

FEATURES 
The UCSD Guardian 

/\tA STUDENTS' 
.... .L~ RIGHTS 

Marc Uptergrove/Guardian 

PUNISHMENT 
duct and Judicial Affairs deals 
with nearly 1,000 cases of con-
duct code violation every year. 
In the 1989-90 academic year. 
the university ju tice sy tem pro-
cessed 64 cases of academic dis-
honesty, two cases of forgery, 26 
cases of theft (mostly involving 
stolen parking permits), seven 
cases of posses ion of illegal 
drugs, 664 cases of miscellaneous 
re idence hall violations (such as 
exce sivenoise), and three tight-
ing words cases. 

The judicial process is ~imple 
enough. Students accused ofvio-
lating the conduct code are noti-
fied of their alleged violation in 
writing by the dean of their col-
lege. Jfastudent admits his guilt , 
the case can be resolved infor-
mally, and will not require a 
hearing. 

However, if students contend 
that they are innocent, they are 
given the option of having their 
cases heard by an administrator, 
such as a college dean, or having 
their cases brought before their 
college judicial board - a jury 
of their peers. 

Director of Student Conduct 
and Judicial Affairs Nicholas 
Aguilar aid that all student have 

the right to confront their accus-
ers, and are entitled - but not 
req u i red - to ha ve a formal hear-
ing on their ca e. 

" It 's nil up to the student:' 
Aguilar said. 

According to Revelle College 
Dean Ernie Mort, it is the 
re ponsiblity of the judiCial 
boards 10 hear all of the evidence 
available and to ensure the due-
process rights of the students. 
M<frt said that he encourage 
every tudent acc used of an of-
fense to have their case heard by 
ajudicial board. 

"We could handle all of these 
cases administratively," Mon 
said. "The deans could handle 
discipline cases exclusively, but 
that would be a bad idea." 

If students choose 10 have their 
cases heard before a board, it is 
the job of the college dean to 
present the case for the un iver-
sity. Like a real criminal trial. 
both the tudent and the dean 
have a right to present evidence 
for their ca es, to call and cros -
examine witnes 'es, and even to 
consult an attorney. 

"Thc goal is to en ure the 
student's due-process rights," 
Aguilar said . 

" Due-process rights" is a 
phrase which comes up over and 
over again as a primary concern 
of the judicial boards and the 
ad ministratio n. Cri ti cs of the 
uni versity judicial proce~s con-
tend that duc process is the last 
thing on the minds of campus 
administrators.Political Science 
Professor and attorney Peter Irons 
s:J id that there is less protection 
of the rights of students than of 
any other group in American so-
ciety. 

"The ~y tern and its proce-
dures are flawed ." Irons said . 
"Most college and university ad-
ministrators have no real concern 
with, or knowledge of, the basic 
principle of due proce:.s. Some 
admini trators have said to me, ' I 
don't give a damn about due pro-
cess.' That is the prevai ling atti-
tude. There is this idea that the 
university isasurrogateparent. The 
coUege deans and the resident deans 
are the worst offenders, not be-
cause they are evil , but because 
they see themselves as a stand-in 
for the parents. And a we know. 
parents can discipline without too 
much regard for due proces ." 

Nevenheless. both Aguilar 
See CRIME, Page 13 

FEATURES 9 

Eggs Fail 
To Crack 
Under 
Pressure 
By Sangeeta Mehta 
Associate Features Editor 

Like at the annual Watermelon 
Drop, spectators ga thered at rey 
Hall , and cheered to each loud 
thump. There wa e nough food to 
feed a hungry crowd - but at this 
event most of it was raw and runny. 

The Undergraduate Physics Re-
search Center (UPR ) hdd its first 
Egg Drop at noon la~;t Wednesday. 
The objec t of the evcnt was for 
panicipants to find a way for an egg 
to survive progressively highcrdrops 
from Urey Hall . 

The s tructures that were de-
signed to hold the egg. could not 
exceed the dimensions f a cube 
with foot -long sides, and the same 
structure and egg had to be used ~ r 
each drop. 

" It 's a very good phy, ics exer-
cise." Physics Profess r Wa nc 
Vemon sa id. "Even physics prole!>-
sors can't guess how haru it is to 
protect an egg from the top of U n :y 
HaiL" 

According to UPR Publi(; Re-
lations Director Roger Webb. the 
event was "more of a fun thing. It 's 
applying what you know laboutl 
mechanics .. . buoyancy." 

The third floor of Urcy Hall wa, 
the start ing point of the COllle :-.L 
Robin Erbacher. prc~itlenl ofUPR C. 
explained that "once Iconte"anb I 
drop their eggs. they go to the next 
floor - until the egg breaks." 

Judges and panic ipalm checked 
the condi tion of the eggs after each 
fall. All but four of 30 \urvived the 
initi al drop. 

While a number f ,wLient , u,ed 
materials s uchll' , t) rofnlll lland bai 
loons. other~ prote(;!cd their eggs 
with peanut buttcr. 111.1I ,11 111:lIlow,. 
and evell Jell-O. 

"Jcll-O absorb, the fmec .. " It 
put~the forcco\era I.u gcarcaso thc 
egg won' t break." sai ll bincnginecl-
ing major SharJtI Arol;! [Ibout the 
project he designed v. ill! bioeng i-
neering major Mark BOCl:hicchio. 

Their egg, prot\:ctctl by Jell -O 
and popcorn, \Va~ one o f I ~ to wi th-

~tand a drop from the to" fl oor of 
Urey. 

Phys ics major Fum KO\:nig 
explained why hi ~ structure - a 
pla:.ticcontainerlined w ith balloon~ 
- wasn't one of these: 

" It was designed for a frolll-end 
impact, and [the egg] hit the !>idc::. 
[There was) a major design flaw," 
he aid. 

Engineering major Rudoiph 
Kosits was glad that his egg ~ur­
vived both a top floor drop and the 
crowd's respon~c to hb stra tegi-
cally-shaped structure. 

"My g reatest fear was intercep-
tion by Patriot missiles," he said. 
"When I first dropped [the egg]. 40 
people shouted 'Scud!'" 

Kosits added that he had to keep 
remolding the clay that made up hi s 
structure, whichstaJ1edout 12inche!> 
long but ended lip no longer than 10. 

The judge, compri ed of pro-
fessors. repre entati vcs from Egg-

See DROP, Page 13 



,I 

10 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian 

1991 Undergraduate Arts Festival 
By Joel Poukkula 
GuardIan Reporter 

It'., that familiar time of year 
whcn thought~ of ~tud y are replaced 
by though t ~ of l.ummer. But. while 
1ll0~ t ~tutkn t~ complete the quaner 
in il pre-'>ulllmcr da ze, there ;Ire 
g roup~ of ;lrtiMs frantically prepar-
ing work for the 19l I ndergradu-
ute rl s Fe,tivul. From paintingund 
\c ulpture to mu~ic and dance, thi~ 
ycur\ fc~tivul promi~c~ to offer it 
\ ide vanet) of Il1lcre.,ling and 
pro ocatl e wor!... 

Th" )<:a r' , le,ti val i, dedicated 
to Peter hllTil , Tom ee, Wilbur 
Ogdoll, Jo hn Silber. and rthur 
Wagner. Thc~c reliring facul !y 
mcmher .. havc collel: tively devoted 
ovcr a celllur) of elTon 10 the ~Im at 

SD, and hopefully their legacy 
f involvement wi II be r.:flected in 

the ~piri t f the ~tuden l ~ ' w rk . 
In the ~pirit of arti~tic c lI ab ra-

tio n and explorati n. the kickoff 
evenl, held at the Price enter at 
II :30 a. l11 . on May 29, will provide 
a revealing glimp~e fthe \ ide range 

WIN ONE OF 

of ani,tic IUdyat UC D. Perfor-
ImU1ces ~uch a~ " Peter Ph illip .. & 
The Blue Band" and "Spring 
Awakening," a~ well a~ ~ever;ll 
environmenlal dance piece~ arc 

II 
[The] seniors ' 

work is considered a 
reflection of the de-
velopment of artistic 
vision after four years 

of study. 

" ju~t ~ome of the illlere'ling \ ork~ 
Ihat wi ll challenge traditIOnal ar-

ti~til: I:onvcn tion ... Many of these 
pieces incorporatc element from 
differelll artistic di ciplines, su h 

a~ Jason Ditmars and R ne n 
MlIlt z's "Art Making Machine" 
and l oan pitler· !. " Hate art:' 

The Seniors Show, whic h 
opens May 28. wi ll be the fjr~ t of 
many ga llery show i ng~ of student 

THREE AUTO-
GRAPHED PAULY 
S HORE CDs! 

All you have t do i fj11 outth 
ana hed p rljon and drop it .off 
at the Guardian office, 2nd floor, 
Old tud nt ente r. 

Namc: ___________ _ 

Phone Number: 
--------

Rea on why you want thi CD: 

art thr ughout the 1991 Under-
gmd uateAm Festival. Thb ~how­
ing of ~eniors ' work is considered 
a reOect ion of the de elopment of 
individual artistic vi ion after four 
year!> of ~tudy. A~ wi th the kickoff 
event, the Senior~ h w hope~ to 
expre s the !>pirit behind anistic 
outrea hat U D. 

Other important shows in lude 
the Video Fe!.tival on May 30 at 
the Triton Pub. the Photogmphyl 

In~ t allation !.how running June 3-
7 at the Mandeville Ea~t Room, 
the AII - tuoent Exhibition June -
7 in the Annex Gallery, thl' Film 

Fe~ti va l n June 6 in Solis Hall 
107, and various outdoor in ·talla-
ti o n ~ that wi ll be di splayed 
throughout the Festival. 

Whether you are involved in 
visual arts. pe rfonnance. or mu-
si , the Undergmduate Arts Festi -
val seems to offer it all. So if 
you're looking for something in-
te resting to do, check out the Arts 
Festi va l - it just may change the 
way you look at art . 

NEW CARS FOR GRADUATES ONLY 
No Credit - New Job - New Residence 

NO PROBLEM 
SIMPLE REQUIREMENTS 

Applicant within the la,t ~i \ month, mu,t h:tvc graduated from a U.S. four-year coll ege or has 
reeeiv~d a p ,t-graduate advanced degree. (Acceptable four-year colleges \ ill be tho;e listed in 
Barron', Profile, of American lieges. ) 

o Applic,lI11 mu~t ~ hm proof of graduation 
Applica nt ':, an nu al income form any source (other than parcnts). which is likely to continue for 
Ihe tenn of the lease. mu !>t be at lea:,t twice the co t of the ve hic le as demonstrated by proof of 
income or a fillll commitment from employer howing income and start date within 30 days 

o Applica nt should have no history of bankruptcy. repossession, or multiple deliquencies (30 
da ys or greater) 

o 0 minimum credit history 
o No minimum length of employment 
o 0 minimum time at residence is required 

COMMANDER LEASECOR~ 
Graduate PI' gram 

(7 14).4 -4477 (714)24 --U7 

TS & ENTERTAINMENT 
Tuesday, May 28 1991 

Conversations in a Coffee Shop 
By Michael Schwartz 
Semor Staff Writer 

Prostitutes, transvestites, drug 
dealers. pellY thi eve!>. and other 
as orted churacters will take the 
stage at the Warren Theatre as the 
undergmduate students of the the-
atre department present Lanford 
Wil on's " Balm in Gilead ." 

While the vast majority of 
campus productions feature gradu-
ate actors and a technical taff. thi s 

work marks the third year of a 
full y- produced undergraduate 
work with both undergmduate ac-
lOr and designers . Facult y mem-
ber teven Adler is directing Ihis 
year' endeavor. having previously 
Jirected the 1989 undergraduate 
production of "Good Woml'n " r 
Setzuan." "Balm in Gi lead," a slice-
of-Ii fe at an all-night coffee shop 
in ew York Cily during the 
1960's, will also erve a the the-

Sarah Gunnell and Monique Gaffney in "Balm of Gilead. " 

ater deranment'~ production for 
the campu,-wide Undergrdduate 
Art s Fe'll \ .1 1. 

Spea~ing wi lh Adler on the se t, 
the director , poke excitedly about 
thi s pr u ti n. Althoughclaiming 
to have ne\ er been a drug-use r or 
pimp. Ad!.:r is enthousias tic about 
returnin ~ III his root . "Having 
gr wnuplll ew York Ci lyatthis 
time, thl're wa some point of ref-
erence T!u: energy and despera-

tion of the charac ter i some-
th in~ I u,ed to see and experi-
cncedaily." Adler sa id. Healso 
added that because the play had 

role~ for 25 actor ,the play was 
a fa ',orable choice. since so 
few opportunities exist on 
campu' for undergraduate ac-
tors. 

Although the ixties are 
con idered by some to be 
overworked in today's nostal-
gia-crazy environment, Adler 
believe that the heart of this 
play is exceedingly current. 
"The issue of survival in urban 
wasteland is something • find 
fascin31ing and very urgent for 

today," Adler noted. "La Jollan~ 
Iive:1 heltered and i~olated exi t-
ence day to day. It 's a pretty safe 
environment compared 10 the world 
of the play." 

Additionally. Adler recogni zed 
the fact that hi s actors had very 
little connection to the gri tty . harsh. 
and brutal world that is portrayed. 
The company met twice a week 
during winter quarter in a cia 
imilar to the graduates' produc-

tion studios. Is ue in Ihe play. ~ uch 
a pro titution and tran vesti ism, 
were researched. and movie such 
as "Midni ght Cowboy" were 
screened. After ten weeks of thi 
work. the ensemble rehear ed the 
duration of pring qua rter in the 
evening . 

While such a long rehear al pro-
ce s may eem masochistic. it has 
proven beneficial for the perform-
ers in the company. " It 's been re-
ally tough for us becau e this life is 
so far away from us white, middle-
class types," perfonner Shannon 
Steen said. "Steve's favorite note is 
that it looks like a country club up 
there." 

The UCSD G uardian ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 11 

From I to r: Ogie Zulueta, Sarah Gunnell, David Heikkila, Marc Wong, and Monique Gaffney. 

In defense of his characters . Wil-
on state in hi s prologue Ihat the e 

are " losers who refuse to lose. ,. Per-
fonner Sarah Gunnel pointed out that 
"it's a situation in which we could 
find ourselves; and it' s about their 
ability to deal with it." 

With screams from a rehears ing 
duel between two lesbian characters 

in the background, Adler tre sed that 
" we alway have to be aware of those 
less fortunate than we, and be aware of 
the dark side of survival. The play deals 
with the indomitibility of Ihe human 
spirit. The pl ay deals with hard-edged 
brutal is ues, and there 's something e n-
coumging that these peoplecan survive." 

" Balm in Gilead," the last show in 

the Warren Theatre befoll: its slated 
demolition, runs from May 29 through 
June 2, Wednesday- Friday 8 p.m. , Sat -
urday at 2 p.m . and 8 p.m ., Sunday at 7 
p.m. Tickel s a re $ 12 general admis-
sion , $6 for students and are avail able 
at the UCSD Box Office or at the door 
before performances. Call 534-3793 
for infonnation. 

Headin' Down the Highway, Lookin' For Adventure With 'Thelma and Louise' 
By Amy Knoke 
Staff Writer 

"Thelma & Loui se" is not a 
takeoff on male buddy movie and 
it' not about two man-hating 
women who, after a bout of killer 
PMS, dec ide to go out and ee how 
many good 01' boys they can pis 
off in a weekend . This mov ie i a 
hopeful start for the '90s, where 
women in film can be portrayed as 
independents, in charge of their 
choice and responsible for tho e 
consequences. 

Escaping from her repressive 
and inattentive hu band, Darry l 
(Chri stopher McDonald), Thelma 
(Geena Davis) decides that spend-
ing a few days in the mountains 
with her friend Louise (Susan 

Sarandon) without telling her pig-
headed husband - is the most 
rebellious thing she can do. 

Louise, a coffee shop waitress, 
has grow n tired of waiting for her 
boyfriend, Jimmy (Michael 
Madsen), to stop playing guitar at 
Ramada Inns long enough to pro-
pose. So, as a Friday night sun set 
on a small Arkansas town, a 1966 
Thunderbird rolled down the 
highway with two women who will 
Iran sform with every pa si ng 
minute. 

The first pit stop for the women 
- after they decide to go dancing 
- proves to be fatal , as Thelma' 
partner, Harlan (Timothy Carhart), 
assume that buying drinks for la-
dies means that he has also ' bought' 

Czech 1,2,3 (12 quarter units) 
July I -A ugust 30, 1991 (9 weeks) 

An intensive Czech language course providing students 
wit h the equivalent of a full year of Czech . Meets three hours a 
day: 1~ or 2 hours of lecture (grammar) and l-IY2 hours of 
discussion and drill (or al praclice). The course wil l require 
substantial daily preparation outside class (study, written assign-
ments, lab work). Prer equisite: none. 
MTuWI'hF 9:00-12:00 noon 
Instructor: Steve Weissman, MA., Visiting Lecturer, UCLA 
(proficient in Czech and Russian) 

For further information call the Summer Session 
Office at 534-4364. 

lJCSD 
UNIVf I,!SIIY (~f CAIIFO'~NIA. SAN 1)1f-<'.x.C) 

them. Harlan escorts Thelma out-
ide and once she throws up sev-

eral hots of Wild Turkey, he hits 
her in the face and forces her against 
a car amidst her sc reams and plea 
for help. 

Lou ise, anned with Thelma's 
husband 's gun, threatens to shoot 
if he doe n't let her friend go. As 
the women slowly back up to their 
car, Harlan decides that hi s dying 
word are going to be, ". should 
have fucked her anyway," and an 
enraged Louise puts a bullet in his 
che t. 

Lou ise ' s cool confidence fi lis 
the car a the women speed down 
the road, not knowing where 
they' re going or what they are go-
ing to do. Surpri singly, a bloodied 

and battered Thelm.1 is the fir t to 
suggest that they go to the police. 
Louise never entertai ns this option, 
as omething in her past make her 
refuse to have any fai th in th legal 
system. 

As Loui e decides that her only 
choice is to flee to Mex ico, Thelma 
still doesn't comprehend the full 
ramifications of their actions, and 
she encourages Louise to pick up a 
good-looking hitchhiker - who 
just happens to be a convenience 
store robber when he's not in jail. 
Still an innocent and trusting per-
son, Thelma leaves the bandit alone 
with Louis's life avings which 
quickly di sappears - but not be-
fore the young man shares hi s hold-
up techniques with Thelma (who is 

becoming less and less innocent and 
trusting). 

Devastated by the news that her 
$6,700.00 has been s tolen , Louise 
sees it as a premature end, while an 
excited. reborn Thelma decide to 
take charge. Thus begins a trek acros 
cenic Utah filled with robbery, fleets 

of tate troopers, helicopters, lhe FBI. 
and one decent man, Hal, the detec-
ti ve in charge of the investigation . 

Hal is smart and articulate and he 
can ee the whole picture of what has 
driven these two women to commit 
these acts, and why they must keep 
running. He is so prophetic that his 
character becomes almost mythical , 
and sadly enough , in the rea l world, 
these people are few and far between. 

"Thelma and Louise" maintains 

both humor and wi t, which is essential 
in balanc ing wi th the issues of sexism, 
rape, and violence against women which 
fuels the story line. 

Fir t-time wri ter Callie Khouri doe 
more than just leave The lma unaware 
and innocent throughout the enti re fi lm 
- he conveys Thelma's growth as a 
character. Similarly, Khouri is able to 
show the matured and weathered Louise 
to have vulnerability, and the abili ty to 
forgive. 

To have left them locked within their 
characters , wit h no growth involved. 
would have been the same as having 
Khouri say that a woman's personality 
is stati c and unable 10 develop without 
the help of a man. During the nig ht 
across the country, Thelma and Louise 
manage to break all misconception. that 

a woman is only capable of being a girl-
friend, wife, mother. or si~ t er. The mes-
sage is clear - a woman is a person, not an 
animal. and ::.he is to be treated with re-
spec t. 

Hopefully. this movie wi ll atlrae l all 
segments of the popula ti on. as it has all of 
the appealing ingredients to do so. Direc-
tor Ridley Scott, who brough t "A lien" and 
" BladeRunner" to the screcn, has managed 
to pack another ci nematic punch into the 
lives of two doomed dc !> perados. 

Scott can be c redi ted wi th the believ-
abili ty of the hero ic characler, Ripley. in 
··Ali en.'· and although the open bound-
ari es of space is not the sett ing for"Thehna 
& Lo ui ,e," truekstops, landscapes. and 
convertibles come ali ve in a story of two 
women who refuse to be captu rcd one 
more time. 

'-



12 CALENDAR 

The 
Weekly 
Calendar 

Monday-Thursday - 8 :00 am·4 :30 pm. 
Fridays - 8:00 am·3:00 pm, Evengins also 
available - The Language Program provides 
assistance to students whos native language 
IS not Englsih and to those doing work In 
Japanese, Italian. Spamsh, French, German, 
Vietnamese. and Russian. A diagnostic test 
on wrItten English as a second langauage Is 
available on request. Call 534·2284 for more 
Inlormatlon. Old Student Center, Bldg. A. 
Room ' 214. Freee. 

Monday·Friday 

8:00 am-4:30 pm (Evening appointments 
also available) - The OASIS Writing Cenler 
IS a free service for all UCSD students. We 
offer one to one writing conferences for any 
type of writing project - academic papers. 
personat statements, even stories and poems. 
Our staff of trained undergraduates, who 
come Irom a vanety 01 academic disciplines, 
can help you become a more elfective writer. 
Call 534-2284 to make an appointment or 
drolp by our office In lhe Old Studenl Center, 
BUilding A, Room 21 4. Free. 

8:00 am-4:30 pm - Let OASIS Study 
Managcmenl Center help you Ihls quarter 
With lime management, notetaking. midterm 
preparation. and test·taklng slrat9jlies. Stop 
by USB 40tO or call 534-7344 to sel up a 
personal apPOintment. Also. stay on the 
lookout lor those valuable OASIS Study Skills 
Workshops Free. 

Wednesday. May 29. 1991 

2:00 pm·2:50 pm - Flexible Reading: Rate 
and ComprehenSion. USB 4010 Free. 

3:00 pm-3:50pm - lnformat,on ProcosSlng' 
Inlerenilal Reading. USB 4010 Free. 

Thursday, May 30. 1991 

10 :00 am·l 0 :50 am - ProdUCing 
OrganIZation Classlhcalion Charts 

2: 00 p m-2 :50 pm - Vocabulary 
Development. Struc!uraVContextual Analysis. 
USB 4010 Free. 

SERVICESI 
WORKSHOPS 

Tuesday. May 28. 1991 

9:30 am-11 :30am- Alcohotand Substance 
Abuse PeorCounseling Enc Ferguson. Peer 
Counselor: 534-0767 Argo Hall . Rm. t 041 
105. Fr()e 

12 :00 pm- l :30 pm ANGER 
MANAGEMENT GROUP For students 
expo(l('nclng anger that Int rferes with 
academic performance, relahonshlps or liVing 
stylc. L"ildcr: Hugh Pates, 534-3456. Revelle 
Provos"S Office. Free. 

2:00 pm-4:00 pm - Alcohol and Substance 
Abu se Poer Counseling . Cecelia 
Nepornuceno. Peer Counselor: 534·3035. 
Third College Dean 's Olhce. Free. 

3:00 pm-4:30 pm - PROCRASTINATION 
GROUP Overcoming delaying actiVities In 
order 10 become more focused and more 
eifecllve ,n studying and w"tmg papers. 
Leader Hugh Pates. 534-3456. Revelle 
Provost S Olflce. Free. 

Wednesdaf. May 29. 1991 

9:00am-11 :OO am - AlcohotandSubstance 
Abus e Peer Counseling . Cecelia 
Ncpomuceno, Peer Counselor: 534-3035. 
Thud Collage Dean's Off. Free. 

10:30 am-1 2:00 pm - ASSERTIVENESS 
TRAINING: A wOlkshop teaching skills to 
improve communica\lon With others Leader: 
Yvene Mitrani, 534-0254. Revelle Formal 
Lounge. Free. 

12 :00 pm-12 :50 pm - RED PEE R 
WORKSHOP: Four week workShOp providing 
Skills to Identify and Improve habits and 
attitudes related to oating and body Image. 
Leader: Susan Feiner, 41 2 MMC. Free. 

3:00 pm-4:30 pm - CHICANO/CHICANA, 
LA TINO,L/\ TINA SUPPORT GROUP: Meets 
weekly Leaders: Dan Munoz, 534·1579. and 
Lindsay Calderon, 534·3755. Call for 
information. Revelle Provost's Office. Free. 

6:30 pm-8:00 pm - Lesbian and Bisexual 
Women's Support Group. Led by peer 
counselors Cheli and Debbie. We'rea weekly. 
confidential drop"n group for w omen 
Interested in discUSSing personal concerns 

and social issues in a comfortable, supportive 
environment. CaU David at 534 ·3987. 
Women's Resource Center. Free. 

Thursday, May 30, 1991 

11:00 Srn-l1 :oo am - Alcohol 
S ubstance Abuse Peer 
Counseling: NICOle Blanchard, 
Peer CounselOf; 534·6030. 
Acad. Supp. Bldg. 2110. 
Free. 

pm 
A lc ohol 

Cou n selin g : 
Doug Sheres Peer 
Counselor; 534 -3585. 
HSS 2056. Free. 

3 :00 pm·4 :30 pm - TES T 
ANXIETY WORKSHOP:Focuseson 
skills 10 reduce lest anxialy. leader: 
Hugh Pales. 534·3456. Revelle 
Provost's Oltlce. Free. 

4 :00 pm·5:30 pm - SOCIAL SKILLS 
WO RKSHOP' A group locu si ng on 
devel('ping skills for meeting other people. 
conversations. assertlvenss. etc. Leader. 
lindsay Calderon. 534·3755. GH 1003. Free. 

6 :00 pm-7:30 pm - Gay and Bisexual 
Men's Support Group led by peer counselors 
Tony and CMu. WO're a weekly informal, 
comldenlial peer group lor studon ts who want 
10 diSCUSS issues and share concorns. Come 
lend your support I Drop'In welcome or call 
DaVid 011 534·3987 lor more Info. Mountain 
View Lounge (by Ihe tennis couns, Third 
College) . Free. 

Fflday. May 31. 1991 

9:00 am'11 :00 am-Alcohol and Substance 
Abuse Peer Counseling : Cecelia 
Nepomuceno. Peer Counselor: 534·3035. 
Third College Dean 's Off Free. 

12:15 pm-l :45 pm - THERAPY GAOUP 
FOR GAY MEN: Confidential therapy group 
for graduale and undergraduate gay and 
bisexual men. Leader ' DaVid 8lasband. 534· 
3987. Call DaVid for Slon·up. Lit Bldg. Am. 
3240 Free. 

2: 00 pm·4:00 pm - ALCOHOL AND 
SUBSTANCE ABUSE GROUP: For students 
who raise the question ' Do I have a problem?' 
SupportIve and resourcelul envIronment to 
explore Ihe above lheme. Leaders: Dan 
Munoz and Equilla Luke, 534·3755. Revelle 
Prv OHice. Free. 

4 :00 pm-6:00 pm - CAMPUS BLACK 
FORUM: Inlormal discussion/support group 
locusing on Issues, concerns. expenences 
that affect the quality 01 IIle of Afncan· 
Amencan community at UCSD Leaders' Phil 
Raphael. Equilia Luke. 534·3755. Mounlain 
View Lounge. Free. 

Wednesday, May 29, 1991 

4 :oopm - David Halperin (Professor, M.I.T.) 
discussing -Historiclzing the Sexual Body: 
3155 Literature Bldg . Free. 

4:00 pm-5:30 pm - An all-campus forum 
through W S, discussing multi-cultural issues 
on campus, specil ically the idea of seeing 
his tory Irom more of an ethnic/cultural 
perspeclive. Conference Roo m IlI A, 
Chancelors Comptex. Free. 

Thursday. May 30. 1991 

12:00 pm - Musorgsky and the Russian Art 
Song. A lecture on the Songs of Modest 
Musorgsky (t 839-1881) and performance of 

The UCSD Guardian 

'Songs and Dances of Death- and other 
selections . Caryl Emerson (Princeton 
University), tecturer",ocahst;StevenCassedy 
(UCSO), p ia nis t. Sponsored by the 
Departme nts of literature and Music. 
Ericltson Hall , B210MandevitleCenter. Free. 

4:00 pm - -Coping with (Civil) Death: The 
Christian Convert's Rights of Passage in 
Colon ial India : Gaud V iswanathan 
(Columb ia University ). In the ser ies 
· Crosscurrents - Postcoloniahty and 
Calilomia. - sponsored by the UC Organized 
Research Project In the Humanities, Group 
for the Study of Texts and Disoourses, 
Women's Studies Program, UC·Mexus, and 
the Department of Utllfature . 3155 Uterature 
Bldg. Free. 

4 : 15 
pm 

Rene Buch , 
artistic director of 

Repertorio Espanol , 
will give a free Regents 

Lecture sponsored by UCSD 
and the Depanment of Thealre. 

The lecture is -Staging the Spanish Classics 
in 20th Century United States: Galbraith 
Hall. Room 1402. F,ee. 

Friday, May 3 1. 1991 

12 :00 pm - Bak htin and Women. A 
colloquium by Caryl Emerson . Professor of 
Slavic Languages and Literatures. Princeton 
UniverSity. Sponsored by the Department of 
Li terature. the Dean of Arts and Humanities, 
and Women'S Studies. 3138 Llteralure 
BUilding. Free. 

3:00 pm - The Russians Reclaim Bakhtin. 
A lecture by Caryl Emerson, Professor of 
Slavic Languages and literature, PrInceton 
Universily. Sponsored by the Department 01 
Literature and the Dean of Arts and 
Humanities. 3 155 literature Building. Free. 

ORGANIZA TlONAL 
MEETINGS 

Tuesday, May 28,1991 

2:30 pm-4:oo pm- lesbl3n, Gay & Bisexuat 
Assoclallon business meeting . Every week, 
same time. Otd Siudeni Center, 2nd floor, 
above So ft Reserves. Free. 

Wednesday. May 29. 1991 

5 :00 pm - ACS Student Chemistry Club 
weekly meeting. We organize trips, lectures, 
social and educational events surrounding 
the fields of chemistry. Urey Ha ll 5210. Free. 

7 :00 pm - Pre·Med Club's last general 
meeting. Guest speaker: Dr. Paut Couch. 
M .D .. Departmenl of Pathology, Scripps 
Memorial Hospitals. Help US w ith next yearl 
S an Francisco/Santa Cruz Room. Price 
Center. Free. 

ENTERTAINMENT 

Wednesd8y,Uay29,1991 -SundlY,June 
2, 1991. Wednesday-Friday, 8:00 pm ; 
saturdlY, 2:00 pm end 8:00 pm; Sunday, 
7 :00 pm - UCSD Theatre presents the 
talents of undergraduate artists in Lanford 
Wilson 's ·Balm in Gilead: The play Is the 
story of New York City outcasts in the early 
60' s and is directed by faculty member Steven 
Adillf. Warren Theatre. $6, studenls. 

Tuesday. May 28, 199t 

11 :00 1m - I love you like no other , but won 't 
you please w ear a rubber. Condoms protect 
against the transmission of diseases that you 

may not even know you have. Come to a Birth 
Control Inlo Session to lind out about other 
methods. Student Health Service, 2nd floor. 
Free. 

1:00 pm - A diaphragm and spermICidal 
ielly can prevent an unplanned swelling belly . 
At a Birth Controllnlo Session you can check 
out a diaphragm and other methods. Student 
Health Service. 2nd lloor. Free. 

Wednesday, May 29, 1991 

10:00 am - One out 01 every nine women 
will develop a breast tumor in her lifetime. but 
9O"k of these tumors are detecled by the 
women themselves by doing a breast seU-
examination. At a Well Women Session, you'lI 
be told how to do a proper breast exam and 
other informative hints. Student Health 

Service, 2nd floor. Free. 

1 :00 pm - Indiscriminate 
bedroom sports can get you 

Irrllating genital warts . 
Oon'l bed your date 'til 
laminate. Get a free 
condom at a Birth 

Control 
Info,SessiC)n. Student 

Serv ice. 2nd 

10:00 am- Learn about every birth 
control method from the pill to 
spermicidal foam. You'll learn the 
proper way to use each method. 
Make an informed choice of methods, 
come by today. Siudent Health 

Service. 2nd lloor. Free. 

1 :00 pm - Early detec tion and 
prevention can keep you healthy. Spend 

an hour at a Well Woman Session and learn 
about in fection prevention, pap smears and 
other things. Student Health Service. 2nd 
floor . Free. 

Tuesday thru Saturday 

RELIGIOUS 
SERVICES 

5:00 pm - CATHOLIC MASS. Sponsored 
by th e Catholic Student Community at UCS D. 
University Lutheran Church, Corner of N. 
Torrey Pines and La Jolla Shores Drive. 
Free. 

Tuesday, May 28, 1991 

4:00 pm - JEWISH CAMPUS CENTERS 
olters Lehrhaus Talmud Study with Rabbi 
Doug Slotnick. 502 Matthews. Free. 

7:00 pm - CATHOLIC IB8lE STUDY. Each 
week we hear. reflect on, discuss, and pray 
the upcoming Sunday Scriptures. Please join 
us. University Lutheran . Church. Catholic 
Lounge. Across the street from Revelle 
College. Free. 

Wednesday, May 29, 1991 

10:00 am-2:00 pm - UNION OF JEWISH 
STUDENTS' Israel Action Committee Table. 
Please stop by to talk and get inlormation. 
Pnce Center Plaza. 

6:00 pm - Supper is served to students, 
sponsored by the lutheran Community at 
UCSD. All are welcome. Universi ty Lutheran 
Church , across the street from Revelle 
College. 

7:00 pm - A Bible study on 
"Wholeness- is led by 
Pastor John Huber of 

the 
Lutheran 
c ommunity . 
Everyone is 
welcome . 
University Lutheran 
Church. across th& 
street from Revelle 
College . Free. 

7:00 pm - Sojourne(s 
Christian Fellowship. At 
"Koinonla- (word meaning 
fellowship) we discuss the 
struggles and joy 01 being 
Christian I Come join us . 
MAC 413A (behind cashier's 
office). 

8:00 pm - -Can Prayer 
Change Things?- IS presented 
by Campus Pastor John Huber. 

Tuesday, May 28,1991 

Open to everyone. Universi ty Lutheran 
Church, across the street from Revelle 
College. Free. 

8:30 pm - CANDLELIGHT MASS. A quiet. 
meditative time tor sharing with other., 
Sponaored by the Catholic Student 
Community at UCSD, University Lutheran 
Church , across the st reet from Revelle 
College. Free. 

Thursday, May 30, 1991 

11 :00 am- 1:00 pm - JEWtSH CAMPUS 
CENTERS tnlormation Table in the Price 
Center Plaza. Stop by for informalion on 
Jewish campus life. Free . 

5 :45 pm - THE THURSDAY DJNNER. 
Homemade food and great company. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student 
Community at UCSD. University Lutheran 
Church, Catholic Lounge, across from Revelle 
College. $2 donation. 

7:30 pm - Episcopat College Group. Bible 
Study: fOf information and rides call 565-
6661 . SI. Elizabeth's Church. 2825 Merton 
Ave .. San Diego. Free . 

Friday, May 31 , 1991 

11:00 am-2:oo pm - Sojourne(s Christian 
Fellowship has an Infonnatin table In the 
Price Center Plaza. Stop by to talk and find 
out what we're all about. 

7 :00 pm - Shabbat Service and Dinner. 
Jewish students organize warm and intimate 
Shabbat Service and dinner. Make a 
reservation and join us. Mandeville Suite 
(Top 01 Tioga Hall) . $4.00 (Dinner cost) . 

Sunday, June 2, 199t 

8 :00 8m - EPISCOPAL CAMPUS 
MINISTRY. Worship Service and Holy 
Eucharist. Church of the Good Samaritan, 
4321 Eastgate Mall. Free. 

8 :30 am - CATHOLIC MASS. Sponsored 
by the Catholic Student Community at UCSD. 
UniverSity Lutheran Church, COfner of N. 
Torrey Pines and La Jolla Shores Drive. 
Free. 

9 :00 am - EPISCOP AL CAMPUS 
MINISTRY. Worship Service and Holy 
Eucharist. St. James Episcopal Church. 743 
Prospect St. , l a Jolla. Free. 

'0 :00 8m - EPISCOPAL CAMPUS 
MIN ISTRY. Worship Service and Hoty 
Eucharist. Church of the Good Samaritan. 
4321 Eastgate Mall. Free . 

10:00 am - Worship service led by the 
Lutheran Campus Ministry. Open to everyone. 
University Lutheran Church , across from 
Revelle College. 

5:00 pm - CATHOLIC MASS. Sponsored 
by the Catholic Student Community at UCSD. 
University Lutheran Church, Corner of N. 
Torrey Pines and la Jolla Shores Drive. 
Free. 

9:00 pm - CATHOLIC MASS sponsored by 
the Catholic Student Community at UCSD. 
University Lutheran Church. Corner of N. 
Torrey Pines and La Jolla Shores Drive. 
Free. 

MISCELLANEOUS 
Tuesday. May 28, 1991 

7:30pm-READING: Experimental Writing. 
Andrew Allen. Thuy N. Bui, Robert Gluck. 

Chris Hammond, Gregory Huffstutler, 
Jorge Martinez. Stephen 

McCrea, Gareth Morgan, 
Charles "Thor" StantOfe, 
J im Stanley, Bruce 
Stater. Grove Cafe. 
Free. 

" , 

Graphic. by Katy Roe 
and Jell auan 

Tuesday, May 28 1991 

IT'S SUMMER!! You can 
Walch TV, 
Make dry toast, 
Pick fleas off your dog, 
Build a scale ver ion of Disneyland, 
Let your brain atrophy to the ize of a pea, 
Walch your Magic Rocks grow, 
and Call 900 numbers all day long. 

OR YOU CA 
Raise your LSAT score 9 points"', 

Raise your GMAT score 80 point, 
Raise your GRE score 210 points , 

Look forward to Grad school , 
Feel LI eful , 

And have fun doing i t. 
- 1().48 poml 5CJle: 

Weigh the options, then call 
THE --== 

PRINCETON 
REV1EW 

(619) 695-9952 Wt.' Score Morel 

1991 
Summer Session 

The UCSD Summer Session first 
five-week session begins July 1 and 

second five-week session begins 
August 5. 
An exciting range of courses from 
virtually every campus department is 
offered. Catalogs are available now. 
For your free copy, drop by the 
Summer Ses ion Office~ UCSD 
Extension Complex, Building A, 
Monday through Friday, 8 a,m.-4:30 
p.m. or phone 534-4364. 

UCSD 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. SAN DIEGO 

ATTENTION!! 
STUDENTS 

lINT lrorn Herll Penslle 
~ ~~ tt: :a ~frZ" '4 
"" l~"_ 1.,.- .. _ 1''' '-,,,_ "" ..... ,_ 
11~ " J~ .,"'-" ........ ~ 

ASK FOI YOUR SIUDENI DISCOUNT· 
• 2.4·Hour Emergency Road Service 
• Coost to Coast Locations 
• Free Moving Guides 

• Unlimited Free Mileage on 
One-Way Rentals 

• Hand Trucks • Pods • Boxes 
Available 

fOIlNFOIMATION AND a •• annONSI 
Son Diego District Offices 

Mission Valley 280·0152 • Chula Vista 4251040 
Son Diego (Downtown) 233-6151 • Escondida 747·8450 

lIIOIIOI"OOD LOUnONS 
• Pt. Loma 226·4087. Oceanside 722·0032 • Nafional City 477·8733 

• Escondido 745-411 J • EI Cajon 588·4738 • Miramar 271 -0247 
TOU fREE 1800)222·0m 

'w, ...... D HoI .1hvcl.,....ilobIo 01 all lot ..... , ,1110<01 and ...... 'I" ..... ".b,«I ..... ~ "",,\ .. Ion<bd 
, ..... c:wt._, PtruI. Too ~C. LP 19&8 

The UCSD Guardian 

CRIME 
Continued from page 9 
and Molt insiSI that the proces" 
though not perfect. is fair. 

"Judgements are fa ir, and based 
on subslantial evidence," As uilar 
said . 

'There must be real evidence 
lagainst Ihe accu~edl," Mon said. 
"nol hearsay or suspicion." 

The liege judicial boards arc 
standing bodies, generall y (OIlSiSI-
ing of 9 to 12 undergraduates se-
lected by Ihe college council or the 
dean. 

Because Ihe deans are respon-
sible foradvising thejudicial boards, 
there is always Ih possibililY for a 
conflict of interest. 

" (n my experience as an aJvisor 
tostudenls." lronssaid."I have round 
the j udi ial boards to be stacked 
against studel1ls." 

Irons argucd Ihal because the 
deans advise the judicial boards one 
minule. and ac t as prosecutor the 
next. there is defi nitely a confl ict of 
in terest. 

"We have to he very careful." 
MOil said. "We try to be sure not to 
he bia,ed ." 

"lThe deansJ are bi,bed by the 
mere fact thaI they bring thedlUi g.:s 
to the board," I rOils ~aid. 

MOil nOled that before an hear-
ing ever begi ns. the accused is given 
the opport uni ty to voice any objec-
tions about the composi lion of the 
hearing body. 

"IThe accusedJ i ~ asked if he or 
she believes anyone on Ihe board 
will be bia ed against them or Ihe ir 
Ca e," Mon said. 

"The hearings are run by people 
wilh no axe to grind," Aguilar said. 

Unlike areal court case, Iheboard 
is not req u i red to reach a cone I us ion 
based on the "beyond a reasonable 
doubt" tandard. Rather. the board 
makes it findings ba, ed on what 
the student conduct code call s a 
"preponderance" of evidence. 

According to Aguilar, a prepon-
derance of evidence means th.1l 
"more likely than n I" the accu~ed 
student committed Ihe vio lati on. 

"It is not as rigorous as the 'be-
yond reas nable doubt ' standard," 
Aguilar said. "The bu rden of proof 
and burden of evidence is relaxed 
somewhat. " 

The board weighs Ihe evidence. 
makes its decision, and recommends 
an appropriale puni~hment to the 

HAIR DESIG N S 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vons) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
INext to Pizza Hut) 5666100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theater) 

455·0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURIST AVAILABLE 

dean. While the deunsare nOlobl:)!ed 
to om ply with the board·sdec ision. 
in many cases. they will do Sl'. 

.. ( have never overruled a ard 
recommendation," Molt said. "1 've 
di sagreed with Iheir decisions on 
Illany occassions, but I' ve nt'ver 
overrukd them." 

HOlVever. like the rea l jU"licc 
~)'s tel1l. students have Ihe righl 10 
;tppeal a judgemcnt if Ihey feel they 
lVere not given a fair and impal1ial 
hearing, or some olher impropriety 
lVas involved. 

Irons asselted that any proleclion 
the currell! Sludent (,onduct Codl! 
may provide is really a mall ':' r 
coinc idence. 

.. tudenls have only Ihe righls 
Ihal Ihe administnll ion wants 10 gi ve 
10 Ihem." Irons sa id. "TIlere are some 
peoplc here who believe Ihal Ihe 
U.S. Consliluli n Joes nOI app l to 
Ihe niversity of alifomia. They 
th ink Ihe universi lY is some ki nd of 
prolected enc lave where the ru k~ 
can bc mack up by the admi nistra-
tion. 

I rom, argued that certa i n conduci 
policics. ~uch as Ihe Univcr~it of 

alirornia'~ "Fighting Word," 
policy. an: kgal \Veapon~ \\ hich, ill 
the hand~ of admini,tra tor, \l'ho 
don ' tunder,tand thc la\\. arc "invi-
talion' to abuse. " I roll,~aid that MIIllC 
aJmini~trator~, illl:luding a (olkgl: 
dean, have contended that di,parag-
ing remarks about hair and weight 
can be puni,hed under the figh ting 
words policy. 

"Th se remarks aren' l nice," 
Irons said. "but Ihey don' t meet le-
gal standards." 

While Iro ns recogni zed that il 
would not be fl!a~ i b l e 10 th row out 
theenti re lUdent Conduct Code. he 
offe red a fcw sugge,tions for n:-
fOIlTI . 

"Remove the neans from the pro-
cess," Irons suggested. "Right now, 
they serve as prosecutor and judge. 
That creates a serious conflict." 

Second , Irons suggested thatju-
dic ial boards be fomled randomly 
on a case-by-case basi,. 

"lllere's no re,L,on why Ihcycan 'I 
ju, t select some people from a list, 
like they do with real jurie,," he 
argued. 

While Irons considered his sug-
gestions to be reasonable. he was 
pess imislic about any such refollllS 
ever taking place. 

" I don' t Ih ink the university has 
any intere,t in doing that," he said. 

FEATURES 13 

Brian Morris/Guardian 

Tim Bank launches "Sputnik II" 
from Urey Hall. The Egg Drop 
contest gave physics students 
tli tJ opportunity to test their 
classroom know-how. 

DROP 
Continued from page 9 
head . oftwar~ , and Ihc IUlkl1l At"-

fair~ orncc. lkcll1~d ph) ~ic~ Illajor 
D,:l1 Po((cr '~ entry "11l0~t compli -
calet!." 

Pllllcr' ~ winning ~tnl,lurc wa~ 
COII1POM.:d of nvc picces of paper. 
and ducI lapc "to add \\ cighl to thl' 
I ront w it doc~Il 'ltip o\'e r," he ~'\I(!. 

POlleradded Ihat Ihc fraycd cdg.:;, 
ofhb ~tructure added drag ami \pin. 

Whilc Warren EnN ,aid his cn-
try Was "mos l li"e l)' to po"e 
~omcone ';, C) e ou t. " j udgc\ dec ided 
it was "most imaginalivc." Em,t 
lI ~cd Saran wrap. coat hange rs, 
masking tape. cardboard. and ~ol11e 
sponges to create his structu re. one 
of the few not to land with a thud. 

Ajo int etTon by librari ansCh li~ ty 
Il ightowerand Deborah Kega!. and 
libraryas,istant Donald Stuber, won 
the $50 prize given by Egghead 
Soft ware. Their names were drawn 
in a raffle rrom the 12 entrics that 
endured the top fl oor drop .. 

According 10 Kega l, the ~ecre t lO 
Iheir project was cross l inked aery I ic 
polymer - "the stuff in ,uper-ab-
sorbem pampers." 

The trio ,aid that they will prob-
I ably PUI their winning egg up for 
display where they work at the Sci-
ence and Engineering Libr'lIY. 

Ernst had other plan, for his ,ur-
viv ing egg. 

"[f they clidn ' t lake my egg. /I'd J 
have it ,crar:lbled," he said. 

M I R A 
MESA 

SELF 
STORAGE 

C 
III (J 
:::J 

--- ----- - -----------

/SPECIALS! t) with student 1.0. 
Pay for 2 I I 

months and g~~:. Q 
THIRD MONTH I . 

FREE 
-' 

Call about a 
FREE TRUCK 
• DRIVER 
to move you in. 

Early reservations a must! 

ALL GROUND FLOOR UNITS 
L ~ l I-aO~ MIRA MESA 8LVD. !Z 7044 Aanders Drive 

vi behind Plaza Sorrento 0 MIRA z Shopping Center 
... MESA GE~ li !:j STOR .. ~ I N u 453-0511 FLANDERS 0 ~ J .. 
l~eDr. MIRAMAR RD. 0 



14 SPORTS 

LONDON 
PARIS 
WASHINGTON 
SEMESTER, 
ACADEMIC YEAR 
GRENOBLE 
HAIFA 
MADRID 
NIGER 
OXFORD 
PADUA 

SUMMER 
PROGRAMS 
ORTONA CYPR S 

LONDON MADRID 
MONA 0 PADUA 
PARIS 

SSR/E. UROPE 

For program details comptete the coupon below and mail it to : 
Boston University 
International Programs 
232 Bay State Road 
Boston, MA 02215 
(617) 353-9888 

Name ________________ _ Interr\$hlp Programs 
Lonoon 

Summer P'ogram, 
Coo1ona 
Cyprus 
Lonoon 
Madrod 
Monaco 
Padua 

Address ______________ _ 

city 
Phone 
College/University ________ __ 

_ Summer _ Fa" _ Spring 19_ 

Pans 
WasIlonglon 

Semeslttf/AcadefTuc Year 
G'enoble 
HaIfa 

_ t.Aadrod 
- NIger 

Ox1o<d 
_ Padua 

Pails 
USSRIE Eu,ope 

BO'STON UNIVERSITY 
The last GUARDIAN issue of Spring '9 1 will appear JUNE 8 

Two summer GUARDIAN i ues will appear JULY 1 
AUGUST 5 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 

T he UCSD Guardian 

FABIAN 
Continued from page 20 
made beller decision, but Julie is 
betlerdefensively. She has tons of 
savvy, and will make our entire 
learn better on defen e," he aid. 

Knowing Fabian wi 11 be around 
next year ha ea ed many of 
Dannevik' concerns about the 
seller po ition. He was worried 
Ihat ifshe didn't retum, he would 
have a learn full of experienced 
veterans without a trong court 
leader to set up their offense. 

The elter is the coach's link to 
Ihe court. She i ' the one who sel 
up Ihe team 's offen e. In order to 
do so, he needs to be able to un-
derstand the other player' capa-
bililies. Dannevik believes Ihat 
Fabian is able to do thaI, and will 
be the euer he can build hi team 
around. 

SCORE 
Continued from page 20 

But on lOp of the drama, there's 
the hilariou spectacle of the thing, 
induding Ihe TV coverage. Walch 
Jim Naborssing " Back Home Again 
in Indiana" Li ten to Bobby Un er 
display why he should be fired as an 
announcer and forcibly put back in 
a soundproof cockpit. More beer 
ads. More motor oil ads. More car 
commercials. Jack Acute in the pits. 
(Wha tever happened to AI 
Trnutwig? How do you spell chri-
seconllamackie? Chris used 10 cov-
er the pit . but [ never knew how to 
spell hi name. Now he's gone. I'll 
never know.) 

'/-'Ict' (O Il\IIIIUI IOII flnrl JllIlrlll tn~"tlll('111 15 111111 S20 I'll/lit' FIrst-lime clw1I's o uly ) # 

Eyebrows 
Upper L,p 

Ch,n 

Underarms 

B',asl 
5lOmach 

So no lJne 

F,ngers 

Legs 

Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• "mel·ie.ln kdll:lt A~s()dalion 
.ll1prmL'd 1I 1 L'lho<.l~ for prohlem 

C3~~ :Ind 'L'n~iliVL' ~kin 

• MeJil'.lt .Intl ( )~IlWIIC t.:Ic;':lIotysls 
for men ,lilt! wOlllen 

• Fem,llL' ~t,IIT, ~l.ill' lIe tcchniCl.ln~ 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis IP~ \ .. ~ ,~, , > ~ Lajo(fa ViI/age (Toj'essiof/a/ Center 13e/lllld f:.'ll'phmlllJar 
8(I'W \ 'd/(/ /.(/ .Jnlla f)r SII' .! t.! I 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Head Coach Doug Dannevik 

"The team responds really well 
to her," he said. "She i very 
coachable and it will be a fun chal-
lenge to create a elter in [my] 
image." 

To back up Fabian. Dannevik 
will have two players 10 choose 
from. His first choice is Denae 
Honey, a recruit from Lo Angeles 
whom he likens to Fabian. His 

After watching Ihe race, [ know 
it all. All 26 major league baseball 
stadiums can supposedly fil into the 
center of the Indianapolis Motor 
Speedway. Contrary 10 popular 
myth, Al Sharplon never drove an 
Indy car. Rick Mears ' wife Chris 
has a bowl haircut. Michael Andret-
Ii's wife has a big cowboy hat and 
really, really white teelh. Emerson 
Fittipaldi's wife Teresa is preg-
nanl. .. and very, very big. Last year, 
as I recall, Teresa Finipaldi was 
extremely skinny. Herhusband won 
Ihe race, so she got /015 of screen 
time. 

So who cares what the Chicago 
Bulls' chances will be again t the 
L.A. Lak~rs? (Bulls in six, by the 

Tuesday, May 28, 1991 

econd 0Plion i Wendy Dennis, a 
lransferfrom Division I Universil 
of South Florida. 

Ahhough E>ennis i a transfer 
from a Division I choo!. she will 
have to perform at a high level to 
make Ihe team. With Fabian firml y 
implanted a Ihe team' slarter, the 
junior will have to beat out Honey 
to earn a place on the leam. 
Dannevik said that he will not keep 
a junior around 10 back up a fresh-
man. 

"If Denni comes in and plays 
well, it'll be a bonus," he said. " If 
not , we haven ' t re ted ourhopeson 
her. I'm looking for a certain type 
of per on to scI. If a player doe ' n 'I 
fit that mold, she probably won'l 
[fi t into my plans]." 

Right now Dannevik knows 
Fabian is exactly that type of per-
son. He'lI soon find out aboul the 
o ther IWO. 

way.) Who cares how the Padres are 
doing? Who cares about how badly 
the Trail Blazers were beaten Sun-
day? 

I wasn't watching baskelball or 
baseball. I wa watChing the Indy 
500. So while you may know lots of 
stuff about Vlade Divac or Danny 
AingeorTony Femandez, I'm afraid 
l've got you beat. 

I know Ihat it's MillerTirne, that 
STP i the racer's edge, and that 
Chevy is the Heartbeat of America 
And while I don't know what com-
pany makes the fashionable glasses 
worn by Michael Andreni's wife,l 
can assure you thaI they were/ove/y. 

Back home again . .. 
Sing it, Gomer. 

There 's nothing like Legend and 
Lady Legend! The most unique 

college rings ever designed-
only available from ArtCarvcd. 
This popular professional look 

offers more ways to person-
.... ~~t.... alize your college ring. 

COFFEE It 

Price Center Plaza 
May 29 - 31, June 16 

10 AM - 3 PM 
$30 Deposit Required 

Don't delay- visi t your 
, ArtCarved represen-

tative during this 
pecia l sale event 
to ee Legend and 
the many other 
tylc available. 

°u \S'~ 
• Quiche • Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino. 
• Garden Salads / ' (j. · Gourmet Coffee 
• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 

Uncle Nick says "Caffeine is brain/ood, so gel 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM - 5 PM· 7 Days a Week· 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

i,~':···~ .~:;;.~~.~~ 
'" _ ,~!.," ~ "~,.' 

, r{~~)l 
.~ ~ , I' • \ 

II RTCA RV~J1 
~ 7=4 ~£~B~~QQ~~I2~5 LIl ,ll 1'1" II t, II , 

OPEN: MON - FR. 8AM - 6 PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

Tuesday, May 28, 1991 

TRACK 
Continued from page 20 
out of 62 with 10 points. 

Scott Sargeant placed a close 
second in the hammer to record 
UCSO' top individual finish. 
Sargeant tied Rhode 1 land 
College ' Andy Lemoi for the top 
throw of 187 '9". The tie-breaking 
decision forthrowingevents, how-
ever, refers back to each thrower's 
econd-best mark. Lemoi' s sec-

ond best throw wa 187'6", while 
Sargeant' was 183'2". 

Sargeant placed seventh over-
all in the discus with a throw of 
162')" and was one of two Tritons 
to earn double All-American hon-
ors. Keith Rucker of Ohio 
Wesleyan won the men 's discus 
with a 170'9" effort. 

UCSO's other dual Ali-Ameri-
can was Shannon Quigley in the 
women 's discus and shot put, 
where she placed third and fourth , 
respecti vely . In the discus, Quigley 
threw about 10 feet short of the 
defending champion , Kristin Kuel 
of Concordia College (MN). 
Quigley threw 156'10" to finish 
behind Kuel's 167'5". UCSD's 
Debbie Hargrove took fifth-place 
with a mark of 144'3" and also 
eamed All-American honors. 

In the shot put, Quigley hurled 
45') 0". The winning mark of 47' I 
3/4" belonged to Stephanie 
Bostwick of Wisconsin-Oshkosh. 

Two years ago, Quigley won 
both events at the national meet. 
She has improved her marks in 
both events each year, but so has 
the competit ion. Last year she fin-
ished second in both events. 
Stanforth cited Quigley's situation 

TIle UCSD Guardian 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 
Shannon Quigley finished third in the discus and fourth in the shot. 
a an example of the rise in the 
level of Division ill track and field 
competition. "[Quigley] performed 
pretty well," he said. "The compe-
tition each year got a little better." 

J.J. Cisneros jumped 22 'II" for 
10th place in the long jump com-
petition, just two place short of 
earning All-American. 

Erica Wa hington earned 
UCSO's sole triple All-American 
honors in the 100 and 200 meter 
races and the 4x 100 meter relay. 

Washington , who has battled 
hamstring problems for most of 
the season, tied for fifth in the 100 
with a time of 12.7 1. Alondra 
Woodard of Lincoln University 
(PA) finished first in 12.45. In the 
200, Washington finished seventh 
with a time of 26.35, compared to 
the wi nningtimeof25.33 recorded 
by Tufts ' Vera Stenhouse. 

Washington combined with 

Vicki Dunck ley , Michelle 
Milledge, and Yvette Marzullo in 
the 4x I 00 relay for a ixth place 
time of 48.73. Lincoln UniversilY 
CPA) won the relay in 47.88 sec-
onds. The four Tritons each earned 
All-American talu . 

In the women 's I ,500 meIer 
race, Deni e McFayden finished 
fourth (4:34.58) and al 0 earned 
All -A merican honor . Lauro 
Horejas of Wisconsin-Os hko h 
placed first (4:29.83). 

Stanforth was very pleased wilh 
his teams ' performances. "['rn sat-
isfied with Ihe season and with the 
learn's performance allhe national 
meet," he said. "Most everyone 
finished wilhin the range of where 
they should have." 

"I felt they all went in there and 
competed as well as they could 
have. They gave everything rhey 
had, thar' s all we ask for." 

SPORTS 15 

FINALS 

89. 
per week 

SPECIAL 

Desktop Publishing 
• Technical papers and theses 
• Reports CO~YTEX SO RR(N' O ""lL [ Y 

9823 Padli: Haighl. Blvd . 51. J 
San DIeiIo. CA 92'2' 

10% off With thts add 

• Resumes 

High Quality Copying 
• Manuals 
• Documents 

Graphic services. Offsel printing 
Bindery serivces 

452-2121 

o+~ L ------------- ~ --I 

#$~ Ca~ C[]py ~ 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 HolldQy 0, (next 10 Domino's Pb:za) • 452-9949 
M·F 8:30-6 p.m . Ex. 6/ 28 / 91 
Sat. 1-4 p .m. WIth UCSO 10 i1~*~~~**~~~~ 
~ ,..-------------- WITH COUPON_ --------------, ~ 7!~1 I Introd~i~ SurfsKle's InIerniiooaI BdfeI fealumg the best ... and finest ilgredients I tJ~t <l~IIIIKl~IIII Kl~111 
j I .Jell.lI. ~ 
J I • !taian • Chinese • Mexican • Pasta's ~ I • Fresh Fruit Bar • Soup & Salad Bar • Desserts & More ~ f'\ I ,.. ~ I ~ 

~.5/31J91 __________ .J 

FIle adrrillanct 10 cLO ..... f7Ii paid 
ct1ntr *"" thai mot """*'0-~ ~ 
~ ~ 1f,1 r~~: it ~ ~~ ~ e~ ~ 1!~1 ~~\ i1 ~ ~ lur'l~de ~ ~ ~ESTA RANT ~ 

N H T l U 8 

----
----

- ----
---

.:. =-=-::§'f§: PRESENTS 
A SPECIAL MAY EVENT 

at the 
UCSD BOOKSTORE COl'lPUIEK CENTER 

~MULTI'ME~I~ • ~AY 29,3f:'J 
Unleash the power of your PS/2. Integrate text, graphics, 

sound, animation, and video to present your information in the 
most effective manner. Discover the resources available to you 
from IBM to search current interactive multi-media applications 
or to develop them. 

Featuring: IBM's M-motion/audio capture/playback cards, 
Audio Visual Connection (A VC), CD-ROM, Adnanced Aca-
demic Systems with Asymetrix Toolbox; Cannon's Xapshot 
camera; National Geographic's Encyclopedia of Mammals using 
LinkWay. 

Stop by from 10a.m. to 3p.m. 

-UCSD BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER CENTER 534 -4291 
OPEN: MaN - FRI BAM - 6 PM AND SAT lOAM - 4 PM 

I1II ~I C>1 1111f---I[>1 1111-----11 I> 

, . 



ANNOUNCEMENTS 
UCSD's FAC rORY OUTlET CLOTHING SALE. 
Apparel DeSIgner Zone oHers you 50%-90% 
OFFI See the ad In th<$ Issue or call the hoUlne 
450-3323 Top stylQstor less l (4129-616) 

YaklmoJapanese Re taurant grand openIng 
speclalslll Lunch stattong al$3. 99. donnerstartong 
al$4 75 See Guardlandlsplay ad tor mott detaols 
and FREE Susnl coupon. Close 10 UCSD In Vons 
Shoppong cenler on Regents Ad 452 4255_ (!iI 
13-616) 
SAVOY CHINESE RESTAURANT - lunch 
specoalseveiy day for $3 95. 50% all any s&<:Ond 
a Ia carte dish With GuardIan display ad. Great 
lcod. tow pt'ICH. CloS810 campus. 495-9t39. (51 
13-616) 

Love France? Join 1M UCSD Internallonal Club 
June 3. 6:30 pm .• allhe I-Center Lounge lor a 
noght of French d8licacoes. cullure. and fun. 
FRENCH CULTURE NIGHTI A BIENTOTI (5123-
5126) 

The Alarm and The Fiu Concert TlckelS. ACIDC. 
Morrossey. BestSeats--3rd. 4th Row. 457-t3t9 
(5123·5128) 

FunlnthesunlBeapartoftheTRIB tOSkor tOk 
runtwalk lor hIe racy on June 9 from Balboa Park 
(0 Embarcadero Park In downtown San D~o. 
Post-race celebration With free eals.dllnks. music 
and pt'lzes_ Entry lee Includes souvenir t-shlt\. 
Sogn up now I Call 275·5440 lor m0f'9 Informa~on . 
(5120·616) 

UNDERGRAUNDI Thea~e's audilion pool aro 
Info seSSIOn I Undergraduate actors. desogners. 
playwroghlS. lech • • elc. Come and show us whal 
you 've got! Thursday. May 30. 6-9 p .m .• Price 
Cenler Gallery B. Cell 558-8992. (5123-5130) 
FOOD. ELECTIONS. T·SHIRTS. SPEECHES-
Last BMES meellng of year. Wed. May29. t2'OO. 
EBU 5105. (5128) 

DIEGOS SURFSIDE In Solana Beach Is backl 
UCSD night sPOI yes. but. have you checked out 
tMIr daYllme salad bar? Mmm. (5128-616) 

EARTHUNGS: These last couple Issues are 
odeal for placing your HOUSING ads. howllller. 
Ifn you forget. feel fre910 take adVanlage of Our 
2 summer Issues (July 1. Aug 2). (51281616) 

Revelle Community OutreaCh Will be ViSiting 
Nazareth House Convalescent Home on TUBS . 
June4 from 2:34)·4 :30. Sogn upal Revelle Provost 
Ollo<:e before May 31. Come and make a 
dlNerencel (5128-5130) 

Help Sigma Kappa Io<:k Alzt14Ilmers. Come 10 
Ben-n-Jorry's night Monday. June 3. 7·10 pm. 
(5128) 

SERVICES 
Olga Ban - Electrologist: 1200 10 1500 halfS per 
hour. 3256 Hohday Court. Studenl Discounts. 
558-46441226-1962. (4/1-&6) 

PASSPORT PICTURESII New at Cal Copy. Only 
$595. While you walt. Xeroxes and more. Near 
Sl Germains. 452-9949. (1122-616) 
DISSERTATION COMPLETION WORKSHOPS_ 
For Informal Ion call Post Graduale Group. 985-
0426. (4/1 ·616) 
Don't wail unlll the lasl mlnule llt Package and 
shiP your things home al The Packaging Store. 
Packaging suppheS. moving boxes. cuslom 
cratIng and packag,ng Close to campus in La 
Jolla. 454-9680. (Sit 3·&6) 
Awesome deals at Mira Mesa Sell 510rago -
Stude", specoals includo: get a third monlh FREE 
when you pay for two or FREE truck and drover 10 
move you With reservations. All ground lloor units 
- clOse to campusl 453·05 t 1_ (Sl13·616) 

MACINTOSH Computer ServiceS: Take Iheworry 
:lnd hassle out 01 IiXing or upgrading your 
computer. Wo speCialize In ItOubleshoollng and 
repainng 01 Mac syslems: power supply. lIoppy/ 
hard drIVe. logiC pt'oblems. memory upgrades. 
512KE to plus upgrados. pellpherals. more. 12. 
years compuler expenenoo. Fnendly. expert. 
honest. rehable servoce atreasonable pt'lceS. Call 
us I'rst: ERICTRONICS. 581·2339. (Sll6-5128) 

Word Processing : Papers. dissertations. 
manuscripts. special pt'ojOCls. Lowest rates. PICk-
up & delIVery. Lu 234-5433. (SlI6·616) 

Word Processing. 4.0 Enghsh Skills. term papers. 
experienced dlssertallons. 7 -day week. rush jobs 
755·2663. (5116-6/1) 

Word Procassing/Typlng services. Professklnal 
quality. reasonable . Call 568-9096. (5120-5130) 

ProfeSSional word processing/typing sorvlces. 
Excellonl qU:lhly. re:lsonable rates - 568-9096. 
(5128·5130) 

Apartmenls cleaned before finals. Immaculale 
for $40. Call lor appolnlmenl between June 1-5. 
Anlhony. 792-1070. (5128·613) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: Experoenced. 
Word pt'0C8SSlng. Wnleied,l: reports. manuscrIPts. 
resumes. dlssertatfonS.loners_ Software tralnlng ' 
Word Perfect. dBase. Lotus_ Presenlallon 
graphfcs. Modem. Laser pronter. Weekend 
appolnlments. 1521 Summit Ave .. Cardiff. FAX: 
633·1624.753·5964. (5128) 

WANTED 
House cleanersljanIIOf's.$5 per hour and upl Part 
bme or full bme. day or noght shifts. no axpellence 
necG$Sary. Rehable transport tiOn. phone. good 
releronces. GaIl259-8731 .8 a.m.·5 p.m. MOnday 
Ihru Froday. leave message. (5120-616) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertisillg is sold III IS-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
studel1ls (for persollaillse ollly) . 3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for olhers. Payme11l 
in advallce is required; therefore. ad must be mailed with a check (mad payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presellled ill person. Deadlines are 3 p .m. Thursday for 
Mal/day's issue. Gnd 3 p.m. MOl/dayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any adverlising inc/uding but llOtlimited to companionship ads. For 
more illformarion ca[[534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, fOp floor. 

Need Cash? W.d.Uverl Domino'. Pizzi IS now 
h.,ng for all POSitionS. Managemenl opponunl~s 
avaIlable. Complele training program. If you are 
18 years old. have a valid dflvers lcense. auto 
lllSUfanc8. an excel ten I drrving record. and access 
10 a car. you can: Earn up 10$1 01 hr. (totalcomp.) 
EnJOY the freedom 01 belng on tI1e road. worl< 
fle .. ble hours_ APPLY TODAYI Domino's P,ua 
UCSD3211 HolodayCI_ 452-UCSD. Please apply 
a~er 3 p.m. (1110-&'6) 

Graduate Student looking for Japanese Language 
Tutor for summer Indepelodenl study. one hour 
per day. weekdays. June 17- AuguSl2 S20 per 
hOUr. buslf18$S corresponodence and conversatoon. 
Please call 546-9244 (5123·5128) 

Chfld C8Je needed In Del Mar. Mon and FlO_ 3 30-
7:00 & Sal 8-3 Stall 6115. Own car 755-6172 
(5116-616) 

ResponSIble. e'perlenced chlldcaredeslred for2 
Children. 4 and 5. Some days. evenings. 
_kends TransportatIOn a plus References. 
Call PatnCla. 456·6281 (5116·5128) 

Expenenced .erobic teacll8rs needed at Being' 
Frt. Call Lenny at 483-9294 (5123·616) 

Compuler Including pronter. Mac pt'elerred bul 
anything consdered Cash paymlnt 454·9458 
Pete. (5123-5128) 

ALASKA EMPLOYMENT- F,sheroes _ Earn 
S5000 month . Free transportation I Room & 
Board I Over 8.000 openings. No e'p8rlance 
necessaJY. Male or Fem.le. FOf' employment 
program. call Student EmplOyment Servoces all -
206-298-3691 ext 80_ (5116·5130) 

GREAT SUMMERJOBI Earn 57111ron ourcalhng 
staN. Calf The PaCific Group. 563·2000. (5113·51 
30) 

Girt Saturday needed with car. Dnvong to markets. 
library. Ilghl housework. Steady 453-5726. (51 
23-5128) 

MUSIC MAJORS NEEDED for mUSIC study 
Involving Ilstenong 10 and ra~ng musical selections. 
Pays 55 for 45 minutes. Call Mitch aI457'()239. 
(5120-5128) 

E0<p8rienced. caring day care person wanted 20 
hours per week. Mornings. Monday tI1ru Thursday 
fOf' happy 4·month old Infant In La Jolla. Good 
pay. Begin ASAP 454-5703.534-8599. (5126·51 
30) 

AIDS EducatIOn and PreventIOn Task Forcewants 
you l Be a teamsler: pt'esenlatlons - campus 
outreach --9fogram planning. Feel gOOd and 
make a dIfference. Call Chros Oakley. 534·0458. 
(5128) 

Great employment opportunltyl FT. PT work. 
Great money, Ikt •• ble hours Need motivated 
people. 492·8887. (5126·616) 

ATIENTION : Inlernatlonal retail chain has 
summer openongs. $8.20 guaranleed to slart. No 
experoence requlled . Scholarships awarded. 
Apply now - slart aHer Iinals 452-8292. (5128-61 
6) 

EARN $20/h/ mcodelong for photography Please 
send your name. address. phone number. recent 
pholo (II available). and best time reached by 
phone to: J.J .. P.O. Box 19984. San Diego. CA 
92t59·0984. Relerences available. (5128-616) 

Guitarist wanled to complete oroglnaJ alternallve 
band background vocals a must. Inlluances 
Googoo Dolls. Pixies. ReplacemenlS. Social 
DIStortion. Marl<. 270·3817. (5128·5130) 

Break inlO broadcaSl 1IIIlIIIsion sales: Local 
SpanISh· language television SlallOn seeks 
Intelligent. energetiC. Of'ganlzed. self· motivated 
person. Excellent communo<:aloon skills and 
bilingual_ Hourly pay plus Incentive P<OQram 
Great entry level opportUnity. Send Resumes 
before June 7th to Palty 1001 'B- Ave. Ste. 203 
Ccoronado. CA 92118. (5128-616) 

FOR SALE 
'87 Yamaha 125 Scooter_ Been we" maIntained. 
$950. 259-8955 Abe. (5It 6-5130) 

Summer Fun l881/2 Samurai JX - under 15k 
miles. 55900 Call Heidi. day 534-6444. eve 272· 
t 565 (5120-5128) 

85 BLACK JEEP CJ·7 LOADEDI Low miles_ 3-
Inch Ilh kit Snow tores. Min 272-6039. (5116-5130) 

Porfecl '69 Nlssan Sentr. 2DR. save thou.aondS. 
16.000 mi. loke new. 55200. 693-7686. (5123·51 
30) 

'82 red Toyota Tercel. 5·speed. sunroof. amlfm 
CBSS. alc. runs greatl 52300 obo. 546-9047. (51 
20-5128) 

MoVing Sale ' Full size fulon With pone frame $75 
abo : computer desk $30 abo: drarung table $60 
abo; wooden deck-ChallS $50 obo : directOf's chaors 
$20 abo: Coffee table & end lable $80 abo: large 
malchlng couch $75 obo; TV·table $15 abo: oak 
bookcases $20 obo: varIOus glassware and 
crystal : lamps$10 & $20. Call now 587-9357. (51 
16-5130) 

MOVing Sale. TWIn bed. desk. lamps. New 
Cookware + more. By June 16th. M,chen. 259-
24961EvGS. (5123-6/6) 

Dining room table plus four chairs. $50. Good 
coI\drtlOn. JeSSica. 535-1352. ,5123-5128) 

New Soloflex (With all attachmenlS) $900. Custom 
speakers Boom Box 200 walts $300Ibe.l. 
Bradford 578-8679.(5123-5128) 

Schwinn A.clng Bike. ' World Sport' edition. 
phone Marcel aI276-1960. (5120-5130) 

MORRISSEY TiCkelsl l Excellent seats for May 
30lh allhe SO Sports Arena_ Call Michele. 535-
9219. (5120-5128) 

MORRISSEY ruets l 4 tawn seats fOf' 6/1 Pac. 
Am",theatre. $45 obo. (619) 558·0719_ (5120-51 
28) 

MORRISSEY- 4 \Jekels (5130 Sports Arena) 
Row 1311 On the fIoorll $75 e8. 546·1766. (5123· 
'5/30) 

Concert TiCkets-- Reggae Sunsplash. Steel 
Pulse/ Sp cfal Beal. Morrissey. AC/DC. 
Humphreys. including Jay Leno. Michael Hedges. 
George Cartln. and many others. Excellent seats. 
great prices. 792·0469.(5123·5130) 

TICkets-- Black CroW$- Morressey- Jimmy 
BuNeI-AClDC-Besl seats--3rd,4lh, 9th row. 
ETC_ 457-1319_ (5123-5128) 

REPOSSESSED& IRS FORECLOSED HOMES 
available al below market value. FantaSucsavongs. 
You repair. Also S&L bailout pt'OPGrties. Ca" 
(805) 662·7555 Ext. H-1443 for repo lISt your 
area. (5128) 

SEIZED CARS. trucks . boats. 4·wheelers. 
mOlomomes. by FBt. IRS. DEA. Avaolable your 
area now. Cal (805) 662-7555 Ext C-1199. (SI 
28) 

MORRISSEY (5130) up close I Excellent floor 
seats In first 20 rows. Call 792.0962. (5128) 

Cerwln Vega PD-18 PAspeaker. 18'woolerand 
modrange. and tweeter. handles400W.546-1941 . 
(5128) 

Keyboard- Korg 05-8 semi-profeSSional. SOD-
8 Midi recorder. pedals. staro. mOle I 51 ,200 obo. 
Jason. 558-2336. (5128-5130) 

Morrissey tickets. 5130 Sports Arena_ 3 in foge-
great seats_ Make offer. 563-8641. (5128) 

Wooden freestanding loft. Twin manressincluded. 
Shelves below. large space fordeslt Make oNer. 
457·7658. (5128·616) 

Surfboards - new 6'1' Breake~s teaom board 
with astrodeclt $215:6'3- Hank Warner tri. $125: 
6'2' Reardon. $150: 6T Linden. $160. 2 blocks 
from campus. Negotiation possible. Wendy. 457-
4323. (5128-5130) 

GRADUATION SAlEI White 1966 Yamaha Riva 
scooter. Low mileage. Great condition. Recently 
serviced. Nancy. 587·8265. (5128-616) 

IS GRADUATE RESEARCH ABROAD 
IN YOUR FUTURE? 

Fulbright International Research Program 
applications are now available for the 1992-93 

academic year! 

Find out what it takes to be a Fulbright Scholar! 

APPLICATION INFORMATION MEETING 
Wednesday, May 29, 3:00-4:00 p.m, 

Berkeley Room, Price Center 

Call )(43556 for moAt details 
SponsolWd by the Office of GraduafIJ Studies and RfIS41a1Ch 

Tuesday, May 28, 1991 

Ct14Ivrolet 1977 - Excellent, sun roof. Leaving 
the country. Mustsett. Less than $900 558-2105. 
Marco. (5128-5130) 

NoshlkJ mountain bike, 21 speed In excellenl 
condition. $35OIobo Includes. New lock and 
helmet 535-9729. (5128-5130) 

Dining table set and couch In good cond~lOn. 
S551obo. White '81 Corolla. $1150. 535-9729.(51 
28-5130) 

Cal. King mattress and box spt'ongs (2 twins) . 
MOving. Must sell. $50. 457-1 575. (5I28-61E) 

Toyota T .rcel. 1981. new brakes. new timing 
belt. Moving. musl sell. $1 OOOIabo. 457-1575. (51 
28-616) 

Surfboard - brand new 6·0-thruster. tJsed once. 
$200 obo. WetsullS 100. Darren, 793-0273. (!>128-
616) 

Grateful Dead floor seats. 6·1 al LA. Coliseum: 
sell Of' Irade for ACIDC. 225-8759. (5128-5130) 

S·6'Wavetoolsuriboard. $175. Used large men's 
wetsuiL $50. Call Matt. 792-9573. (5128-5130) 

Cannondale '90 mountain bike. polished Irame. 
Deore XT gtlpshih. AT -4 pro bars. much morel 
5850. 273-5653. (5128·5130) 
MORRISSEY ticketsll 4 lawn seats for Pacilic 
Ampltheatre . Sold outl $45 obo. (619) 457·5236. 
Leave message. (5128-5130) 

Mac 512 w/ 4ook ext. drive. $200_lmageWnler II, 
S150. Call Peler. 534-2206. (5128·6/3) 

MORRISSEY TICKETSI Xlnt loge sec. 23 and 
loge sec. 1511 $45 each abo. (June 3OISports 
Arena). Calf Dave or Kim at 558·8876. (5126·51 
30) 
AERO 50 redlb1ack jusl tuned. S3OOIabo. WOOd 
desk and dresser. besloffer. Jerry. 273-5250. (51 
28-6/3) 

MORRISSEY - 51h row side terrace . Sports 
Arena. May 30. S90 for two. call p.m .. 558·8322. 
(5128) 

HOUSING 
Ahoy lhe", m .... _· .. got • room for you in 
a comfortable 3 bedroom/3 bath Encinitas 
townhome. Master bedroom With own fireplace. 
patio and bath available nowl Amenities InClude 
laundry. garage. dishwasher and ocean viewl 
Only $4501month to live in great place with fun 
roommates. CaH 944-6330. (5123-&'6) 

Want to make money while you are out of IOwn 
this summer? Rent your house. apartment or part 
thereof 10 responsible law students who will be 
clerking at Seltzer Caplan W ilkins and McMahon 
,n San Diego. Please call Maria Macias al 294· 
2801. extension 135 for further Information. (411-
613) 

AAA ROOMMATE HOTLINE 24HR INFO 
SERVICE. For details and to list frH - 527· 
4045. To get listings dial 1-900-844-NITE 
(6483).(512-616) 

Idnko~· 
the copy center 

Lalona 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Garnet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE BACK PACKS 
(BACK PACK TO SUITCASE) WALK TO GRADUATION! 

A 65 REG. $119.99 NOW 79.99 
WA 63 REG. 129.99 NOW 89.99 
WA 68 REG. 139.99 NOW 99.99 

INTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 
DUPONT COR DURA • LIFETIME WARRANTY 
"FAMOUS TRAILS- - "MEl" - -EAGLE CREEK" 
-E ASTPAK" ALL AT LOW DISCOUNT PRICES 

. ~l~gici~.;j~~~~:~ i~'~: ~~;~: 'ca: 
: pof! holders. neck pillows. vohag9 : 

:OO~M~L • --
",. , .... ~~~!!'!''''' 9J'. !'!<I !P.'. ~ ~ ..... :, ~ ~ _ .. 

1539 Gamet, Pacific Beach, Phone - 413-1421 
Mon-Frl 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Sat & Sun 10 a.m.-S p.m. 

The Residence Inn by MArrIott La lollia 
the closest hotel to the UCSD campus 

$8200 $t25°O 
One-bedroom suite Two-bedroom suite 
At the Residence Inn by Marriott La Jolla. your family will enjoy spaclous 
one- dIld two- bedroom suites with fully equipped kJtchens and living 

rooms. Also. they can treat themselves to our compllmentary 
breakfast and hospltalJty hour. 

890 I Gilman Dr. 
La Jolia, CA 92037 

(please mention this ad to 
receive special rate) 

(619) 
587-1770 

Tuesday, May 28, 1991 

FOur bedroom 'ownhouse for renl 5 miles from 
campus. $350 monlt\.room. Uh"tles Included. 457· 
0295.(59·&6) 

Wanl to lIve In Hillcrest? Room for ronlln groovy 
housel WaSher. small yard . Close 10 shunle. 
super·central. waler paod $325 a month ($300 
DepoSit). Call 295·2225 Evenlngs.(519-616) 

Roommate needed In a 2-story. 3BO condo off of 
Carmel Valley Road (611 ).All amenilles-washer 
dryer. dIShwasher. f!leplace. pooVjacuzzl. patIO 
No depoSit or lastl $3251month plus t l4 ublolles. 
No smokers Prefer neat nncJclean Calll essoe al 
48 t ·8650. (519-5130) 

3BD. 1.5 BA conode for rent near UTC. SpaCIOUS 
(for 4·5 peopte) $1100_ Par1<. pool. pal,O. near 
UCSD,b<Jshnes. Available md-June. Call 453 
7022. (513-5128) 

Room In P!:l La Jolla for summer. 11 weeks 
(June 26- Sept 14) for $t050 (95 per week) 

lC.ud ng ulolilles Close to beaCh. bus. stores 
Large house w'laundry . RIC 488-9905.(51t 6-616) 

2 S'ng'e rooms In UI'fv. City avaIlable & t 6. undry 
pool. S325.mo Summer Sublet. Anne 552-1 357. 
(5.' 16-5.30) 

Unlv C,ty 3 Bdrm 1 1,2 Bath close to campus. 
pool. washer dryer. canyonvlow $11 OO,mo. 558 
2670. (5 t6·5 30) 

Roommalewanted-slngleroom$31667/month 
plus t/3 ulilities. Non-smoker. Cla!lemont. 
available 611 . dog/cat. 270-7463. (5,20·5130) 

2 large rooms for renl over Ihe summer and one 
for Fall in SpaCIOUS condo next 10 UTC. Own 
bathroom. patio. wafk·ln CI058I. pool and carpon 
for $350 per month for each room. Call 558-6768 
and ask for Glona or Young. (5120-5130) 

$1150.3 bedrooms. 7933 Camino Glorita.laundry 
dishwasher. garage. 3-4 persons. available Sepl 
t . 757-4268. (5120·5130) 

Room available in beaullfu l University City house 
only minutes from campus. Pool. Jacuzzi. 2 
firepfaces. basketballcoun. washerldryer. Plentiful 
parking. $400 plus 1/4 utilities. 453-7610. (5120-
5/26) 

Crickets at night. sunny window In the morning. 
view of the canyon ... $300 monthly (share $t50 
x 2). Own big room. huge closet. furnished. pool 
in camps •• carport. grounds keepins. 5 minutes 
to UCSD. available now. CALL IMMEDIATELY. 
Eric. 452·9407. (5120-616) 

Three rooms available in four bedroom 
townhouse. Three bathrooms. washer/dryer. 
dishwasher. microwave. garage. and SWimming 
pool. Walk to school. Near bus stop. Available in 
mid-early September. $3501roomlmonth plus 1/4 
utilities. No water fees. 1 month deposit Call 45 7· 
0304. (5120-616) 

Room to sublet mld.June to August or Seplember. 
In North Mesa Apts. Close to campus and cheap 
too! Asking $240 including utilltles. Call 450-
2157. (5120·5128) 

Large 4 bedroom housel Walk to beach and 
village market. Huge backyard. La Jolla Shores. 
$3000. 459·2935. (5120-5128) 

Summer rental (or longer): 3 bedroom condo 
near UCSD. nice and roomy. $1 t 5Olmonth. call 
558-6368. (5120-616) 

Condo for renL Avai l 6116. near Vans. 3BR12 
Bath. Pool . $1050. Call 452-7567. (5120-6/3) 

Looking for a place to live next year? Plan ahead! 
I need a female roommale 10 share a two bedroom 
luxury condo. close to campus. POOV)3cuzzi. 
washer/dryer. dishwasher. piuS much more! $450 
per monlh plus 1/2 utilities. Available 9/1. Call 
Kristine. 558·4724. (5120-5130) 

CHEAP RENTI 5281 .50/month pluS tl3 util~les. 
Own room avail. June 1. UTC. creative people. 
Kale. 452·2027. (5120·5128) 

2 rooms for rent In 4 bd house. Furnished. nice 
year. wid. N. Clairemont. 565-8536. (Sl20-5I28) 

Share a two bedroom . two balh apt. Available 
only lor July and August. Pool. jacuzzi. Near 
UTC. All for only $400lmonth. Female preferred. 
Call 457-4612_ (5120-6/3) 

2-3 roommates needed to share 4 bedroom house 
for summer only. Contact Eugene al457 -3064 or 
Jim at 558-2469 H interested and we'lI give you 
more delaols. (5123·616) 

Sublet available. July 1 10 September 15: two 
bedroom fumished as one-bedroom w/slUdy. w/ 
covered parking. Near Hillcresl 55501mth. Call 
Stephen 294-9412.(5123·5130) 

SMOG $19 99* 
CHECK • 
plus $6,00 state cert, 
TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6-cyl. $39.99 

• AIC Service 525.99' 
• Coolant Service $:15.99' 

, TransmiSSion Service $24.99' 
- Brake SpeCial (1 axle) 579.99' 

" most ems 

caD Auto C.re 
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

6660 MIf_r Rd .• suite C 
(behind Gooctye ... , 

San Dielo, CA 92121 
(619) 558-2436 

3 Bdrm . Condo. LaJoII(\iUTC. $371/monlh. pool. 
lacuZZI. busline. shoppng. non-smokers. near 
UCSD & BeaCh. qu,et. clean. park ing. storage. 
fireplace. furnished kitchen. nice place' Avail 
now. 455·6839 Maureen (5023-5028) 

Summer Rental- Fully furnished Master 
bedroom Sololl.x. pool. spa. laundry. parking-
everything. $350. 576·6679 Bradford (5123-51 
28) 

Roommale needed Own loom on4 Br UC Condo 
Washer, Dryer. cable. pool table. Needed through 
August. Call MIke Of' NICk 558-0471.(5 23·5.30) 

LN8 In Del Mal for the summerl Wa want on9 
female to share master bedroom and 114 ullhbes. 
Pool. lacuzzl. ocean VIOW. walk to be ch. etc. Call 
Vanessa 793-0207.(Sl23·5028) 

Del Mar 1 Bdll Ba Condo. $750 mo. Pool. JacuzzI. 
sauna tenn,s lakes Avail 6130 PhyhS . 456· 
3877 .5.'23·63) 

Part-nme ch'Id care (boy. 10) for room. board. 
S50 minimum weeklv salary. use 01 car 

Wee~ends. some evenings: no daytime hours on 
wec~days . Av Ilabl September. Fe'1lale non-
smoker. Del Mar. 481·6115f528·6 6) 

Masler bedrooon for 2 fema:es tshare) In 3 bed 
2.5 balh LJ townhouse. 1 5 mIles from C.1mpus-
offG.lman.Garage t.aundry Pool. Ou~tcomplex. 
close 10 LJ Village Square. No smoking no polS 
$348Imonth each (Sept.·June) • t/4 ull lilles. 
DepoSIt In June. Jennller 450-2977.(51236,13) 

La Jolla. walk 10 UCSD. S t 2501mo .. 3 bedrooms. 
2.5 balh. 3-4 people. Available 9,1 5. 757·4268. 
(5120-5123) 

EARTHLINGS: These last couple Issues are 
Ideal for placing your HOUSING 80s. however. 
Ifn you forget. feel free to tako advantage of our 
2 summer Issues (Julyl. Aug. 2) . (51281616) 

Seeking 2 females to be 41h and 5th housemales 
in La Jolla mansion near UCSD. Starting Fall 
1991 . Living envllonment IS relaxed yel oulgolng! 
excitong. Cost. : 5350· 5400 lor own room l 
Interested? Call 450-5026. 15128-&'6) 

Room in La Jolla for summer. 5 minutes from 
campus - oN Gilman Dr. Single room 10 nice 
condo. Dishwasher. fireplace . pooVspa. Asking 
$300/mo. Call Amy at 587-8145 ASAP. (5128-61 
6) 

La Jolla colony conode : 2M or 2F wanted to share 
laorge master bedroom. Fully fumlshed- includes 
util itiesl Provate balcony. large wall< ' ln closet. 
washer/dryer. VCR. private garage. poolljac~zzL 
Gradlmed/upper-divislon students preferred. 
$350/person. Call Ashley. 587-0143. leave 
message. (5128-616) 

Summerrental. 2 roommales share 1 huge room. 
1 mile to campus. close to Ralphs. Garage. pool. 
hot tub. washer/dryer. Male or female. Call Chris 
or Barry. 453·5029. $650. (5/26-616) 

UTe NEARVONS. Own room. wid. pool. $316.67 
plus 113 utilities. Avaolable 5123191 thru 8125191. 
Call 558-1063. (5128·&'6) 

DEL MAR, $250. Male to share room. Neat. 
dependable. Alex. 792-7480. (5128-5130) 

Master and two sint/es. 2.5 balh. washer/dryer. 
dishwasher. pool. parking. 5t 1 00. 558·7922. near 
campus. (5128) 

Complelely furnfshed condo. bring your books 
and bedding. Available summer and fall. Need 3 
female roommates (non-smoking. no drugs. no 
pets) . Washer/dryer. d ishwasher. microwave. 
garage. tennis couns. jacuzzi. cable. fireplace. 
bus line. walk to school. Summer rale : $350 
(includes utilities) no deposit Winter rale: $325 
(1 /4 utllolles). Call (619) 457·3937 or (714) 493· 
9671. (5128) 

Single room for rent in 3 ad apartment. $330/ 
month during the summer. Close to campus. Call 
587-4976. ask for Jeff. (5128-&'6) 

Summer room for rent. $250 plus 1/4 utilities. 
Furnished Claoremont house. ctose to campus. 
483-4105. Jen. (5/28-5130) 

Female roommale wanted to share furn ished 
(negotiable) master bedroom with balcony. UTC 
near Vons and bus line. Available July 1 to SePI 
1. $278.50 plus 1/4 uol. Kathy. 457·0t31. (5128-
6/3) 

Summer roommates wanted for furnished 4 
bedroom townhouse near Scripps Hospital. 2 
rooms available. Share master for $250 or renl 
own room for $350. Available mid-June thru mid-
Sap_ Call Roy. 452-8836. (5128-5130) 

FAIRMAIR'S 

USED 501 /51 
JEANS & SHORTS 
BIKER JACKETS 

$125-$139 (new) 
FUN, FUNKY 
FUNTIONAL 
RESALECLOTHES I 

4879 NEWPORT AVE. OCEAN BEACH 
M,SAT. 11 10 6:D • 222-0220 

The CSD Guardian 

Roommales to share master bedroom With balh. 
Near Costa Verde. near bus lone. foreplace. pool. 
and washer'dryer. Three lev I condo. 5287.501 
month plus 1 4 ulilliles C II Roxanne. 558·2350. 
(5128·613) 

La JoIIBlUCSD. Room 'large balcony In spacIous 
family condo Provale bath. All amenilles_ Pool. 
lennls. Nonsmoker. $350 plus 114 utilities 
Available June 15 455-9809. (5128-5130) 

Own room (furl'fshedlunlumlshed). bathroom. 
balcony. Wanted female non-smoker 10 share 2 
bedroom. 2.5 bathroom condo Amenit ies 
Washendryer. d ishwasher. foreplace. etc. 
RecreallOnal facll'lles. Available June 15. $4500 
month plus 112 ullhues. relundable deposil 
Cheaper than living on campus and nlcerl 
457-3830 (5.28·6;6) 

For summer: female non ·smoker 10 share 2 bed, 
25 bath partmenl 5 mlnules Irom UCSD Pool. 
lenn,s courts elc.. Furnished excepl lor bed 
5313,monlh plus 1 3 ulIl.lies. 450·68t8. (5'28) 

Untv CIt) lovvnhome lor rent .3 bedroom, 1.5 
b throom. IVasher dryer, .u"mer.yea lease. 
$11oo.mo 5359729. (5'28 5~01 

SUMMER. 2 rooms In a towohouse just olf 
ca'llpus. Rent one or bolh. Pool. laundry. plenty 
of parking Each room 5380 plus 1.:) utili lies Ask 
for Dave. 558-8779. (526-&3) 

3 roommates wanled (MIF) II Own lurnlshed room 
in spacious two story townhou se 15 min from 
UCSD In-house washer/dryer. cable TV. poov 
jacUZZI, plus other amenities! Neat person IS 
preferred. Very comfortable liVing In .gla"OO 
almosphere. $300/monlh. no uliiolies. Call Sieve 
aI271 -68t 1. (5128 ·616) 

Roommales wanled 10 Share nice LJ condo - 2 
pools . laundry. parking. close 10 buslones. Own 
room. $375: share room. 5325_ Mod-June thru 
mid-Sept. Karen. 587-0658. (5128-&'6) 

Male roommate wanled. La Regencoa. $450 ulll 
Incl. Own bedroom/balhroom. Top floor. Pool. 
jacuzzi. racquet and fitness center. KeVin , 450-
6919. (5128·6/3) 

Two non-smoking females wanled to share largo 
master bedroom with ownbalh In alhree bedroom 
conode near UCSD. Available for summer andior 
school year. $250 plus 1/4 ullhties each. CaU 
Karen at 558·147t . (5126·&'6) 

3 rooms for rent. La Jolla Shoros Dr. t min walk 
to campus. 5 min walk to beach. Available 81t-9I 
15. Relrlgerator. washer/dryer. S3751month plus 
1/4 u~l ities . No deposit. 558·2218. (5128) 

Wanted: non·smoklng female to share master 
bedroom June 16-Sept. 15(approx).Near UCSD. 
on bustine. washer/dryer. garage. cable. pool. 
spa. $320Imo. plus 113 utolitlas. Call 546-0140. 
leave message. (5128-616) 

Wanted: non-smoking female/male to sublel 
furnished room in condo near UCD. Washerl 
dryer. garage. cable. pool. spa. $360/mo plus 11 
3 utllrties. Available June 16-Sept. 15 (approx). 
Call 546-0140. leave message. (5128-616) 

Summer room forrent. Located off Ragenls Road 
and Arriba. $2751monlh. CailGeraldo. 558·2116. 
(5128·&'6) 

Female roommate wanted to sahre beautiful new 
Del mar lownhome. Master bedroom. pooVgym 
and garage. $525 per month (negotiable) piuS 11 
2 utilibes. Call Rich 9·6 at 546·1275. (5126-616) 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral sludenls (64-91%) . after 
comple(lng their course wort remain With 
a dlssertaloon pending complellon Indefl' 
nllely Among Ihese ABDs iAII·B 't·the· 
DlsserlatlOn} are generaliy lound Ihe 
broghlesl and most creallve candldales. 

Add reSSing lhose elements Involved In de-
laying completion. the wor1<.shop guides 
partiCipants Irom beginnIng (0 101l0wlng 
througtr and complell01l. pMlcularly after 
years ollnactoVlty and regardless of where 
they are In Ine proces:; 

Workshop Informalton 
985·0426 

Poslgraduale Group 

LOST AND FOUND 
Lost: Gold hearts With atlernaung stones at Sun 
God concert. May 17. Reward453-9 146Jackl8.(51 
24-51:!6) 

Found 5116: M8Olson Hogh School class "ng 
t98 7. Caillo idenbfy. Andrea. 688-8444. (5128 ·61 
3) 

Lost: Los AlIOS Hogh Schor> class ling. 1989-90. 
Eagle and wrestler emblems on sodes. REWARD 
558-2318. (5'28-5'30) 

Lost: blue General Slore spllal notebook Lasl 
seen MUll Or Thlld Collage area. If have any 
knowlage or Inlormatoon on poSSible whereaboulS 
please call 5589065. E"remoly Impanant. (5, 
28·5130) 

Lost Keys wllI1 S""SS Army knife. LOSI on MUll 
Field. April. Reward Wayne. 587·8798 (5285 
30) 

PERSONALS 
Need cash? We buy CDs. lapes. videos. MUSIC 
Irader 7094 Mllamar Rd. 6931469 (4122·&6) 

UCSDs FACTORY OUTLET CLOTHING5ALE. 
Apparel DeSigner Zone oftors you 5O"!o·90·. 
OFF I See the ad In Ih,s Issue or cali lhe holhne 
450-3323. Top styles for less I (4/29-616) 
Graduallng? Parents coming? Here's adeal you 
truly deserve. call the Shell Beach Molel or Ihe La 
Jolla Cove Motel. Beauiliul rooms With Wild 
Prospecl 51. In back. the Cove In front. a greal 
tome all around l UCSDvlsilor specials year·round. 
Call 459·4306 (Shell Beach) or 459·2621 (l.J. 
Cove) . (5120-5128) 

Happy Blnhday EBUZZ! II's the bIg 21. Have a 
great one. Love ya R and K. (5128) 

17 

Rode for Rotary t2l25,50 miles Bike r"'ewllh Ihe 
Rotaraol Cfub of LJUCSD along scenoc hills on 
June 2. Gel free shirt & RoliercoaSier rode Call 
558-577 t. (5/23-5.30) 

Dlegos Surfsode on Solana Beach IS back I UCSD 
noghl SPOI yes. bUI have you checked out Ihell 
day tIne salad bar? Mmm (5128·&6) 

EARTHLINGS: These lasl couple Issues are 
odeal for plaCing your HOUSING ads. however. 
I!'n you lorget. feel free 10 take advantage of OUI 
2 .ummer Issues (Julyt. Aug. 2). (528606) 

Congratulatoons loHardeors Film ProducllOns lor 
being Ihe OulSland,ng Sludenl orgJnlzallOn fOI 
'90-91. Thanks lor work,ng SO damn hard all 
year. You deserve III (5 28) 

ROBERT~S 
A 0 
GERMAN, SWEDISH 8. JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(619) 21;)·11:l2 
Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p.m. 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 

&. 
e 

K8nda11 
lit. UfHO .n4 r~.,.. .... ~n" 

Ke-ntl.U lu"rl('.n"~ 
'0 ou r ('U!'iIOMe-r!Il 

----------------~---
IOt.fo OFF 

on all repairs* with this coupon 
"Except motor and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon . 

r 



" 

18 SPORTS 

You've been hurt in a traffIC aCCIdent. 

Your car is damaged. Your body aches. 

You ',e upset, and you',e thinking, 

"What am I suppa<ed to do now?" 

1·800·WHAT tIJW 
If you're thi!lnnocent victim of a 

C<lr a«ldent, call1-800-WHAT NOW, 
right away. You 'll automatically 
reach the Georggin & Shann law 
office nearest you. 

ca n to get you the settlement or 
award you deserve. And our fee 
comes only from what we collect 
for you. 

For the kind of immediate 
'''9al help you need at a time like 
thiS, call1·800·WHAT NOW. 

When you're hurt, worned, or 
confused about what to do next, 
we can help. We'll do all we Right now. 

Auto Acc ident Attorneys 

Mission Valley National City EI Cajon Oceanside 
285 I Camino Oel Rio S. 1717 Sweetwater Ad 561 N. Magnolia Ave. 2204 EI Camino Real 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

[ 30 TAN DAYS $29-] 
/fI~~~~~:o-- Call fo, details· 2nd 30 tan days $39 99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Nol a lemporal)' water loss • Reduce cellulile and stretch markS 

't .. 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455-0909 E.por.s 612819 1 

~rr~©D&JL @lJ&~@®W 
[}{J£OW[?£~~ 

InclUdeS: Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 exIra. 
Full ser~lce prices reg. $21-$26 
Standby fares are subject 10 ~ailabdity 
of stylists. To insure faster service, it's 
best to come in on weekdays. 

CALL RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 days: M-f..S 9-6 pm; T·W·T 9-8 pm 

t-IAi~ 
Gii\APFIiCS 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 

The UCSD Guardian 

GOLF 
Continued from page 20 
ment experience," he said. " We 
did a lot beller once we all got 
comfonable with [the fonnatl. " 

The Trilons' tumaround wa~ 
just shon of amazing, as the first 
IWO rounds left them tied roreighth 
while their 599 total over the last 
two days was the lowest of all 22 
competitors. 

"We came into [the champion-
ships] ranked 151h in the nation 
but, for the last two rounds, we 
were the best team in the country," 
Wydra said. "We even beat [even-
tual champion] Methodist by ix 
hots ver the la t two day ." 

enior Devin Thoma, who 
carded a 74 and 73 on Thur day 
and Friday to finish at 307 for the 
tou mament, led the Triton come-
back . Thoma~ fini hed in a tie for 
17th in the individual race with 
Ohio Wesleyan '~ Galen Eckland. 
and garnered third -team AII -
America honor.>. 

According to Wydra , Thomas' 
play was "amazing" as he man-
aged to get out of trouble repeat-
edly on the way to firing back-to-
back three-over and two-over par 
round. 

" He [Thoma I had four bogeys 
and a double [bogey 1 on Thur.>day 
and had six bogeys on Friday," 
Wydra noted, "But it seemed like, 
every time he got in trouble, he 
came back with a series of bird-
ie ~ ," 

Rounding out the Triton scor-
ing were senior Bob Knee (76-77-
76-80-309, tie for 23rd), Dale 
Abraham (76-86-78-74-3 14, ti e for 
40th), Matt tottern (82-8 1-77-74-
3 14, tied Wilh Stotteni). and Jer-
emy Moe (81-84-71 -81 -317, tie 
for 53rd). 

Emory's Lee Palm s and 
Gustavus Adolphus teammates 
Pete Anderson and Tim DeJarlais 
ti ed f r first pia eat 16-over-par 
300. with Palms winning the indi-
vidual championship with a par on 
the second hole of a sudden-death 
playoff. 

ccording to Wydra. Knee 
could have linished off hi . already 
slrong perfomlance with a five-
over 76 on the last day ifhe hadn' t 
fahered down the s tretch to end 
wilh an 80. As it was, Knee gained 
honorable mention All-America 
status nthe ~treng th of his top-24 
finish. 

DULOCK 
Continued from page 20 
ha ve to prove hersel f. She just has 
to start enjoyi ng herself again ." 

Dulock is detennined to return 
to socce r with a bang: ''I'm taking 
it slO\ right now, but once the 
season starts, ]'01 going to be go-
ing 100 percent." 

To whm extent the shin splints 
will affec i her play neXI sea on is 
uncertain, but Dulock is 'ure she 
won ' t be watching from the ide-
lines again, "If I have an injury 
next year, I'm goi ng to play through 
it. 1 only have two years left and I 
want to play," he ·aid. 

Dulock will make her come· 
back with a team that went through 
1990 with a 14-3- 1 record, but 
ended up lOSing in the first round 
of NCAAs to Macalester College 
in frigid Minne ota. 

As a forward in the McManus 
system, Dulock 's duties concem 
little more than scoring. Neverthe· 
less, she expects to be one of the 
team leader come fall. "Forward 
don't get to be captains very often, 

Tuesday, May 28, 1991 

GOLF NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS FINAL RESULTS 

Golf National Championships 
at the F1rethom Country Club 
Unc:oin, Nebraska 

TEAM RESULTS 

I. Melhodi I (NC) 
2. Guslavus Adolphu 
1 Ohio W Ie) an 

~. UCSD 
5. (SUSB 
6. Allegheny (PA) 

Willcnbcrg 
. Skidmore 

9. Salem SI te 
10. Washington and Lee 

303· 30 1·304-30 I 
305-308-29 -313 
302-3 I 6-30I·)(Xj 
312·323-298-301 
299-319-311·307 
307-320-303·315 
30 -317-307·313 
315-326-305-305 
317-)24-302-310 
32(). 314-314· 307 

1209 
1224 
1225 
I~ 
1136 
124' 
1245 
1251 
1253 
1255 

Paul Norquist/Guardian 
Devin Thomas 

INDIVIDUAL RESULTS 

I. Lee Palms' Emory 75·7~-75-76 300 +16 
Pele Anderson Guslavus Adolphus 7 ·7~-n76 3!Xl +16 
lim lkJartuis Guslavus Adolphus 72-75·75-78 300 +16 

4. Rick Lyons Willenbcrg 79-79-73-70 301 +17 
Rob PIIc"'ski ~1elhodill 77-77-73·74 301 +17 

Other Results: 
TI7 . I),: ... in Thorn UC San Diego 79·81·74·73 307 +23 
TI3. Bob Knee UCSan Diego 76-77·76-&0 .lOO +~5 
no. Dak Abraham UC San Diego 76-1!6-78·74 314 +30 
T 40. Mall Siollem UCSan Diego 81- 1-77-74 314 +30 
T53. Jeremy Moe UC San Diego 81-84·71·81 317 +33 
• lknoles winner on ;econd hole of sudden dealh playoff. 

"Bob was five over after 14, but 
had problems , including bogeys 
on 17 and 18:' Wydra said. 

Perhap the most surprising 
development for the Tritons was 
the third-round even-par 71 by Jer-
emy Moe. Early in the toumament, 
Moe had been having severe prob-
lems with Firethom' undulating 
greens and jabbed his way to a 40-
pun first round. 

Moe wa at uch a 10 s for what 
to do that he asked Wydra if he 
could borrow hi s "lucky" Wilson 
putter. Wydra let Moe u e his putter 
the la t three rounds and the differ-
ence was readily apparent, as Moe 
did hi best imitation of Tom 
Watson Thur.>day 011 the way to a 
26-pull round. 

" He was making everything 
with my putter the last two days," 
W ydra commented. " But there' s 
no way I'm going to let him keep it 
and I won ' t sell it.to him e ither. 
He' d have to give hi s fir t three 
children and maybe hi s car to pay 
me for it." 

The Tritons' mnstery of the 
g reens didn'l end with Moe, as 
Stottem dropped a snaking 45-foot 
pUll to cap off a final -round 74. 
" Matt knew thaI Dale [Abraham] 
had shot a 74 [on Friday] and had 
vowed that he wouldn ' t lose to 
hil1l. " Wydra said. "So he said he'd 
make Ihal pUll and, wilh the helpof 

Guardian File Pholo 
Head Coach Brian McManus 
but with all the young players on 
the team, I hope I can be one of the 
player they can look to," she aid. 

McManu agreed: "Katy's al-
ways been a leader, not so much by 
talking, but a leader by action, She 
jusl makes everybody want to 
play." 

Both player and coach have high 
hopes for next year's team, "We 
have a real chance for a title this 
year. Last year's fre hmen had a 
lot of talent, and by playing to-
gether the whole team has im· 

a little advice from meonthe break , 
he drained it." 

Wydra was especially happy 
wilh the fact that hi s squad edged 
out CSUSB on the last day . In past 
years, the Tritons had developed 
quite a rivalry with the Coyote 
and fonner CSUSB Head Coach 
Greg Price, "They came in ranked 
second in the nation and , after their 
first round 299, they were sud-
denly being treated like they were 
the second coming," Wydra sa id. 
" Everyone thought we had no 
chance of catching them after the 
first I wo days. I just wish I could 
have seen the look on Price's face 
when he picked up Saturday' Los 
Allgeles Times and aw that we 
beat his old team." 

Wydra is already looking for-
ward to next sea on and is predict-
ing big things for UCSD golf. 

"We'll have three guys return-
ing from nationals [Stottern, Moe 
and Abraham] and several other 
guys who played for us at ' ome 
point this year," he said. " ) also 
have had my best recruiting year in 
awhile and have five real blue-
chippers comi ng in." 

"1 hope that we can have the 
kind of depth thatwe had this year:' 
he added. "Our strength of play, 
from our number one man on down 
the line. was the secret 10 our suc -
cess this season ." 

proved. We have enough skill to 
win a Championship." Dulock said . 

McManus takes a unique view 
when it comes to looking at the 
season ahead: "We have 18 pre-
sea. on games, and then our real 
sea on stans. So what most people 
call our regular season is only a 
preseason for us and the regular 
season stan s with regionals." 

And make no mistake, he has 
set hi s sights firmly on the 
regionals. "After last season, we 
don't need any other motivation. 
We want revenge," McManus said. 

Dulock also sees ucce s down 
the road. "Right now, ii's all men-
tal. We have so much talent that 
it 'sjustamatterofchemistry. Thi s 
past year we played well together, 
and we'll only get better." 

So for Katy Dulock, the answer 
to the queslion of what to do for an 
encore to her record season i just 
four months away, For her, that's 
four months too long. "We're just 
waiting for the eason to begin, 
We 're all focused on the champi-
onship, anything less will be a dis-
appointment ... 

Tuesday, May 28,1991 

A.S. MEETING 
.Wednesdays, 6:30 pm 
· Price Center, Third Floor Conference 
Room 

·AIl sludent are welcome! 
VOICES FROM GAZA 

·Middle East Issues 
·Committee for World Democracy Film 
Series 
·Friday, April 5, 7:00 pm 
·Faustina Solis Hall 
· FREE! 

CHINESE STUDENT ASSOCIATION 
·The Annual Semiformal Banquet Cruise 
·Saturday, May 31, 8 pm-I am 
·For more info and tickets come (0 the CSA 
Office 

CLIMBING CLUB MEETING 
·Wednesday, May 29, 7:00 pm-8:30 pm 
·Santa Barbara/L.A. Conference Room 
(2nd floor of Price Center) 

THE FOLLOWING MUIR POSITIONS 
ARE A V AILABLE: 

·Junior Senator 
· Commissioner of Community Develop 
ment 

· Muir Representative to Cultural Program 
mingBoard 

· 3 members-at-Iarge to Muir All Campus 
Activities Board 

·Applications available beginning May 24 
and due May 31 10 Karen Toomey in Muir 
Academic Advising in HSS. 

PRE·MED CLUB 
·GENERAL MEETING 
·Wedne day, May 29, 7:00 pm 
·San Franci co/Santa Cruz Room , Price 
Center 

·Guest peaker .. Dr. Paul Coulch, M.D., 
Department of Pathology, Scripps Hospilal. 

APPLY NOW!! 
·Tons of positions are available for Warren 
College Student Council. 
·They include Warren College Student 
Council President, Programmer, Junior 
Class Senator, and loads more! 

·Come pick up applications at the Warren 
College Dean's Office. More info? Call 
534-4731 

GETACLUE! 
(()\IIIII11 ' 1I11 \L.,()L\.CI 

1\ L \. I I I I ( II \. I I ') I 

APPLY FOR 
A.S. PARLIAMENTARIAN 
• help the chair run A.S. meetings 
• enforce parliamentary procedure 
• learn A.S. Bylaws 
• keep informed on campus issues 
without a large commitment 

Apply at the A.S. Offices (Price 
Center, third floor) before Monday, 

May 27, at 4:30 pm. Applications are 
available from Kathy. 

FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE CALL 
534-4450 or 534-0473 

The UCSD Guardian 

-----------------------------------

DON'T .JliST SIT THERE! 
JOIN THE A.S. PUBLIC 

RELATIONS 
COMMITTEE! 

101{ \I()IU 1'\1 01{\1 \ 110'\ ( \1.1 
.:'.q-~~.:'O OR .:'.5iS· IIDE 

YOUR EDUCATION IS AT STAKE! 

WE CAN SAVE IT, THE STATE 
BUDGET DOESN'T GET PASSED 

UNTIL JUNE 3D! 

LET THEM KNOW EDUCATION IS 
THE PRIORITY 

STOP THE BUDGET CUTS TO 
EDUCATION! 

TAKE A STAND 

COME TO THE GYM STEPS 
WEDNESDAY, MAY 29 AT NOON 

BE THERE AND MAKE A 
DIFFERENCE! 

GET INVOLVED IN THE MUSIC INDUSTRY 

JOIN ASUCSD PROGRAMMING 

" .. 1-1_ 
-.... 

.. -

---
--
-
-
-
-
--
--
---
---
-
-
-
-

·\-VA'T TO BE I' 
CHAI{(;E OF $IO.O()O OF 

THE A.S. Bt:DGET'! 
APPLY FOR CULTURE 

QUEST CHAIR 
·\VA~T TO BE I~ 

('HAI{(;E ()F $20.0()() ()F 
THE A.S. nLDGET'! 

APPLY FOR SUN GOD 
FESTIVAL CHAIR 

·\\'A'T TO (;1<:'1':\ eLl'E'! 
CALL 534-4450 OR COME 

TO THEA.S. 
OFFICES (3RD FLOOR 

PRICE CENTER 

19 

• 

-



20 SPORTS 

KEEPING SCORE / J~SO\ S\iELL 

Why Watching Fast 
Cars Can Be Fun 
I \\.\ lelllll 'llIl I I)) 500 () TV agall1 unJay. I watch il ewry year. in fact - J n't 
a~" me \.\. hy. On th ' ... urfa<.:e. 
wat<.:hlllg a bun<.:h of lightweight 
deathtrap" moving pa"t the <.:alllera 
al 200 mi Ie,,> pt!r h ur doc~n't 
~ound II"e a great rea. .. on 10 get up 
carlyon the miJdk moming fa 
Ihree-lLi weeJ...enu . 

It \ ccrtainly not for Ihe ad ... 
I get to ... cc morc about molor oi I. 
hl:er. and c .. lr ... in generallhan I ... ce 
.. It an) (II her Iline of the ycar. I'm 

e~pe 'Iall nOI an aut motive type 
of guy I didn 't cven gct III 
driver'~ I icemc untrl Ihr~ }car . 

But \. e're tal"ing about Ind 
500 here. Fa ... t car~! ~oing ar und 
and art und! Jac" rute in the pH .... 
"'Iic"ing hi ... microphone inlO the 
faces of men" ho ha e M~ell their 
race end becall~c their enginc 
blcw or Occau\e their car ,lammed 
into the wa ll. 

illc/.. : ,. 0 how d e~ it fed to 
have your Indy dream ~hattered?" 

Dr;r .. ,. . .. crew ou. Ja "." 

O ,,\Y. I'LL admit it. The real rca ... n I wat ' h th' Indy 500 
is for all that coverage of the 
drivers' \i i ves. 

You J....n w. when there are 
peopl' g ing 200 miles per hour 
wi th about 2 millimeters of metal 
... hielliing them from c ncrete. 
when these cars are coming within 
feel of n' another a.Ii the try to 
pass in a tight tum. what I reall . 
rcally want to see is the lovely hat 
being wom by Mrs. Michael 

ndretti . 
howing us the pit crew people 

is one th ing. The owners are fair 
game, to . Roger Penske pacing 
in the pit area after finding out 
that one of his meers has a bl wn 
engine is g od TV. 

But the II';w!s? ome on. Gi e 
me a break. 

S O WilY watch the damned race. anyway? 
Well. it's entertaining - true 

dmma at ' me points, and o-bad-
it' '-funny at others. 

The race is pure ports 
entertainment when it becomes a 
test of enduran e - as. one by 

ne. cars lam into the wall and 
engines blow up. Who will be 
next? When will Mario Andretti' s 
car break do\ n III;s year? 

Tl1Je. the ra e isn't incredibly 
e iting all the time - but neither 
is baseball. The whole Ihing can 
be boiled d WI1 t a few moments 
- home run!). siolen base. or 
Indy lead hange - but th se 
moment. . and everything leading 
up to them, is worth the payoff. 

See SCORE, Page 14 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian 

Golf Makes Late Rush 
• Tritons post low round 
for second consecutive 
day, and finish in fourth 
place overall at NCAAs 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Ed,tor 

After a la "Iu. ter .,tal1, Ihe D 
g Ifleam pas<,ed fOllr temm III Ihe la~t 
two round t finish f unh at the 
N AADivi .... nlllnati nal g Ifcharn-
pi n,hips in Lincoln, ebr.ls"a. 

The Tritons fired 298 and 10 I on 
Thursday and Friday, re.,pectivel ,on 
the way to carding a I tal ... core of 
12 4 on th e 6.762 -yard par-7 1 

M thodi t o llege (N ) repeated 
a national champ , fi n i~hing at 1209, 
15 ' hots ahead of second-p lace 
Gu tavus Adolphus. Ohio We leyan 
pia ed third at 1225 while al t te 

• RESULTS: Final team and indi-
vidual siandings ...................... 18 

an Bernardin was bumped into fifth 
place by rival D, finishing tw 
str ke!) behind the Tritons with a 12_ 6 
total. 

Tuesday, May 28,1991 

irclhom untry lub. The f urth-
place sh \ ing was D's highe~t 
finish since the Trit n~ placed sec nu 
at national .. in 19H7. 

D Head Coach Mike Wydra 
was clearly plea ed with his team' s 
perf mlance over Ihe la~t two round~. 
and blamed his quad 's earl) jitlers n 
a lack f recent e pcrience in tourna-
ment · \ ith mutiple-round formats. 

"There' no substitu te for tourna-
See GOLF, Page 18 

Saul Levine/Guardian 
Matt Stottern sank a 45-foot birdie putt on the 18th 
hole Friday to shoot a final round 74. Stottern finished 
in a tie for 40th place with fellow Triton Dale Abraham. 

Katy Dulock is on the comeback trail after missing 1990 with a stress fracture. 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Staff Wflter 

Imagine that you're on the 
D women' . soccer team. 

Here is your situation: A ' U 
fre , hman two years ago. you 
set the sch 01 re ord for !)ingle-
eason ~coring. ow the que -

tion you have to a. k yourself is: 
Whal do I do to improve in my 
sec nd year on the team? 

If you're Katy Dulock. 
you' re still wondering. 

Dulock, who set the re ord 
for goal in a season in 1989, 

mis~ed all of this year wi th a stres 
fra ·ture in her shin. 

The injury ccurred last um-
mer before the start of the 'ea ·on. 
At fir t her problem wa thought to 
be ju~ t a case of shin plint . As the 
injury got wor e. however, it be-
came clear that the injury wa in 
fact a Sire' fracture. So she spent 
1990 on the sideline , -:vatching 
her teammate instead of playing 
\ ith them. "There' no real reha-
bilitation for a tre . fracture, you 
just have to 'tay off it and let it get 
better," Dulock aid. 

and wai t for 1991. But recently 
her comeback wa stalled by 
chronic hin splint. "I haven ' t 
played in a month. I'm just go-
ing to \i ai t until ummer before 
I tart working out again." he 
aid. 

Triton Head Coach Brian 
McManu i bothoptimisticand 
cautiou about Dulock' return: 
"We're going to bring her in 
lowl y. Everybody knows she 's 

a good player, 0 he doe n ' t 
See DUlOCK, Page 18 

Track Nets 
Eight All-
Americans 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Editor 

The 14 Tritons - nine women 
and five men - who truveled to 
Ohio for the Division III track and 
field national championship~ re-
turned to UCSD with a six th-pia e 
finis h for the women's team and 
eight All-Americans in their midst. 

"The competition level was up 
all around," Head Coach Mark 
Stanforth aid. "I felt we had a 
good, olid meet." 

The women' team finished 
ixth out of 60 teams with 28 1/2 

points. Wi con in-Oshkosh won 
the meet with 66 1/2 point . "Ev-
eryonedid their job and did it well," 
Stanforth said of the women's 
team 's perfonnance. " We didn't 
have any big surprise ei ther way. 
po itively or negatively." 

"Once we got there and saw 
what the other teams had, we 
thought that the top performance 
we could expect would maybe be 
fourth ," he said. "[Bulj given the 
circum tance throughoutthe meet, 
1 don ' t think we could 've finished 
any better than we dir\. '· 

The UCSD men finished 24th 
See TRACK, Page 15 

Volleyball Sets Future on Fabian 

Julie Fabian will replace Amy 
8anachowski as the setter. 

• With the departure of Amy Banachowski, 
Julie Fabian has moved into the spotlight. 
By Brian Ilow 
Senior Staff Writer 

With all ix tarters retuming 
from the 1990 national champion-
hip squad. UCSD women 's vol-

leyball Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik had good reason to be 
optimistic about the Triton ' 
chance for a repeat performan e. 

But that wa before freshman 
setter Amy BanachO\i ski tran.-
ferred to U L . Banachowski's 

udden departure left Dannevik 
scrambling to fill a void the ize of 
a black hole. 

Fortunately. he did not have to 
cramble far. Waiting in the wings 

was Julie Fabian, Banachowski' s 
backup last year. She started , and 
played we ll. in the middle of the 
year when Bana howski was in-
jured, and he had been expected 
10 challenge for a tarting position 
next yt!ar. 

Fabian's presence has leftthe 
coach almost a optimistic a he 
wa before Banachowski tran -
ferred . 

"1 feel real good about our 
team with Julie [settingJ," he 
aid ... [ have a lot of expecta-

tions and a ton of confidence in 
how well she can do." 

According to Dannevik, with 
Fabian replacing Banachowski. 
the Tritons should experience 
little .• fany, drop-off from their 
championship sea on. " Amy 

See FABIAN, Page 14 


