
. OPINION 
As the pt'OSI*t of war 

nears. the questioo of a new 
draft becomes more and 
more serious. Unlike the 
previous draft. there will be 
no deferments for college 
students. Several questions 
ariae: Is the system fair? 
Who should fiabt? An 
expert 011 draft law and two 
writers comment 011 the 
draft controversylPAGE 4 

.FEATURES 
WbiIe the troops in the 

PmMn Gulf face slrelCbes 
of deeen. UCSD is alive 
with debIle and anxiety over 
the UN deadJine for Iraq to 
remove its troops from 
Kuwait As the mideat time 
bomb continues to tick 
away, many people are left 
wooderina: Wi1Ithe Persian 
0uJf expJode?IPAGE , 

.SPORTS 
The UCSD men's swim 

team is set to take anocber 
nm It Kenyon CoIIqe of 
Ohio after finisbin, eecond 
10 die Lords IUt year at tile 
natioDal champiGaabip, The 
Tritooa open the IeIIIOIl 
Priday apiDlt CIa1IDOGt 
CoIJeae/PAGlli 

Students Rally Against Mideast War 
• March through ends with a 'teach-in' at Mandeville Auditorium 
By Ben Boychuk 
Senior Staff Writer 

Undawlled by rainy weather, hun-
dreds of students prote ting the 
American presence in the Middle East 
marched to Mandeville Auditorium 
Wednesday to participate in a rally 
and teach-in. The auditorium filled to 
capacity ,leaving dozens of pectators 
tanding in the aisles and nearly 200 

more tranded outside in the rain. 
Chanting "Hell no, we woo't go, 

we woo't die for Texaco," and carry-
ing signs and banners reading, "Are 
you willing to die for oil?" and, 
"Haven't we learned?," protesters 
marched from Revelle Plaza, where 
the rally was originally scheduled, to 
the auditorium. Once there, they lis-
tened to numerous speakers, includ-
ing faculty members, students, and 
veterans of previous wars. 

As the protesters marched from the 
plaza, some participants jeered stu-
dents walking to class, yelling, "Save 
your ass, don't go to class," and 
"You'll be the first to go." 

Despitethefoulweather,thecrowd 
was large and enthusiastic. Several 
members expressed relief at finally 
being able to publicly voice their op-
positioo against U.S. policy in the 
Persian Gulf. 

Students carried banners through the rain from the original rally site on Revelle Plaza to Mandeville 
Center (above), while students such as Steve Wechsler (below) presented an opposing view. 

''We're not going to let the rain 
stop us," AS. VicePresidentExtemal 
Molly McKay said as the rally got 
W1derway. 

WarrenfreshmanUanaJocobssaid 
she thought the protest was "a good 
thing." 

"Students are finally having a say. 
I think we 'vebeen silent fortoo loog," 
she said 

"I think the protest is great," said 
Herb Katz. a La Jolla resident and 
activist. "It's abouttirne students here 
started speaking out." Katz, an active 
member of the Alliance for Peace in 
the MiddleEast -a coalition of about 
20 peace organizations - added that 
"it would have been nice had students 
here done something sooner." 

Andrew Bartolotta, a Rt velle se-
rlior, said, "I think it [the protest] is 
necessary. I think it's sad, we have so 
much student apathy here that we 
haven't done anything ... prior [to a 
week before the U.N.] deadline." 

"I'm really concemed," Bartolotta 

said "I have a brother that just joined 
the Air Force, and I have other friends 
that are in the Navy and Marines wh , 
are over in Saudi Arabia," he ex-
plained. 

JP. Hajim,a recent UCSD gradu-
ate, said that he hoped to express his 
opposition against the extensive de-
fense research at UCSD. 

"I think that a lot of people have to 
get educated first, and that's what 
we're doing now," Hajimsaid "A lot 
of people don't know the issues. Ev-
eryone thinks they're going to war to 
save America, but we're really saving 
some large corporations' interests." 

Warren senior Dru Smith echoed 
the concerns ofHajim and Bartolotta. 

"We really feel urgency," Smith 
said "We're possibly going to war. 
This is a shame. We should have 
learned a lesson from Vietnam. It's 
absolutely essential that we articulate 
our dissidence." 

Inside Mandeville Auditorium, the 
audience quickly settled in. The first 
speaker, Professor Emeritus of Com-
municationHerbert Schiller,explained 

See RALLY, Page 7 

UCB Meeting Opens Door for Retum of Triton Pub 
, THE TRITON PUB REVISITED 

• The proposal made by the Graduate 
Student AsaocIatIon at Monday's UCB 
MeetIng would AIYive the Triton Pub In a 

smaller space, one thai would 
accommodate from 7510 125 

people over 21 yearsold. 

By David Ferris 
Staff Writer 

Two years after its closure, the 
Triton Pub may be back in business. 

The Graduate Student Associa-
tion (GSA) proposed a remodeling 
plan for the Triton Pub si te Monday 
evening at a meeting of the Univer-
sity Center Board (UCB). 

The UCB, which has also been 
considering a plan to remodel the 
site, ordered funher study of all 
remodeling plans for the site. Such 
plans could create a space bearing 
little resemblance to the old pub. 

Under the GSA plan, the new 
pub would occupy about 1,000 
square feet, only a third of its previ-
ous size. 

Unlike the old Triton Pub, the 

new plan would not incl ude a patio 
and would be under new proprietor-
ship. In addition, admission would 
be restricted to people over 21 years 
of age. 

The GSA proposal would re-
quire the new pub "to have an interior 
layout reminiscent of a neighbor-
hood bar," capable of accommo-
dating 75-125 people. 

The propo al also calls for a large 
selection of beers and wine to be 
available at the pub, as well as a 
modest selection of food. 

"It's an extension of the inti-
macy of the Grove to [serve] alco-
hol," GSA President Daved Fre-
mont said. "With the absence [of 
pubs] in the peripheral community, 

See UCB, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

FROM OTf lrR l t·J.~f IJ~r-s 

MEChA Introduces Proposal for 
Chicano Studies Dept. at UCLA 

LOS ANGELES - Strategies foraaling a Olicano 
Studies Department at Ua.A brought topcher 5tUdenIa. 
faculty. and community memben at a oonfemICC spon-
somI by MEOlA on Dec. I. 

The OlicanolLatino student group submitted its 37-
page proposal for a department at the conference and 
asked those who attended for oomments. Pan of the 
proposal called for community involvement in running 
the prog11IIJl. 

"A OlicanoStudies Deparuncnt isnotonlyforOticano 
students but also for the professionals who will be coming 
into the community lafter they leave UCLA)." said John 
Fernandez, the first studenr to graduate from UCLA with 
a degree in Olicano Studies. 

Students discussed the proposal with community 
members and faculty. who made suggcslions forimproving 
the proposal. The students plan 10 present the proposal to 
CbanceUor Owles Young in • meering this month. 

Faculty agreed that the proposal was "an impressive 
starting point." Vilma Oniz. chairperson of the OIicano 
Studies major. said a semiMr this quaner wiD help refine 
!he proposal's course suggestions. 

Someoftheproposedclasses include Mexican Spanish, 
labor history. and Chicana feminism. 
UC Sells Investments In Finns 
Doing Business In South Africa 

The University of California completed its South 
African divesll11ent program in early December wilb the 
sale of all holdings in three oompanies tbaI continue to do 
business in South Africa. 

Under university policy. the UC will not make new 
investmeots in any companies that are cooducting busi-
ness with the South African governrnem. 

As of Jan. 1. 1990. UC investments in the Bristol-
Meyers. Johnson & Johnson. and Minnesota Mining and 
Manufacturing companies totaled $763 million. consist-

The UCSD Guardian 

iDa lDOIdy «UIIi\II'Iiiy employee ....... AmdI. 
()ridr:ljnr:s .........., UDder die Soudl African iaveIl· 

meal policy IdopIIedby1be UCBolnlofRt&eaU inJuly 1_ 
called for •• eo-ycIr dMIaDcaI ..... Holdiap ill 
ccxnp8Ine. .......... iDSourhAfdca __ to be reduced 
by 0I»-CbinI dIIir ... iIIIIbC yUle in -=b « the three 
caIeMar ycm. beaimina in s...y 1988. 

The n:gents' policy defines COlJII*lies doins business in 
South Africa • thole bavina employees or UIet5 in die 
COUIIIry. 

In each of the lIRe yean, acc:onIina to university policy • 
securities in IIIJY appIjcabIe cornpmy wou1d be considered • 
n:ductioo in tWI SouIb Africao..relaIed investments if the 
company wifbdlwl from South Africa. In addition, boldinp 
inaffcctedcompaDiealOldforinvestmemrealOlll unrelated to 
South Africa would beconsidcred part of tbat year's rcquiNd 
reduction. 

When the ~adoptcd tbepolicy in 1986. the university 
had invCSIiMIIS in 29 companies tbal would have beM subject 
to the div~ policy. In 1988. wheo tho divestment pr0-
gram began. 10 of these companies remained in the UC's 
portfolio. 

N SCIENCE --L EWS=r 
SCIENTIFIC & t/,tDICAL UPDAI t~ 

Chemistry Department Win Offer 
Four Seminara Next Week 

The Olanisby Depenmcol will offer the followiJJ& semi-
nars for the week of Jan. 14-18: 

• Monday - HaroIcl Moore. from the Depanmeol of 
Physical Scienca ar UC Irvine. wiD speak OIl ''ReceoI Ad-
vances in Cyclobulcooae <lIcmisuy" ar 4 pm. in PcImoo 
Hall 104. 

• Tuelday - (])arIes Campbell of the University of 
Wasbington will give .1ecture000"Swf.acea.nislry ReIIIId 
to BimetaJJic Catalysis" ar 4 pm. in Un:, Hall room 2102. 

• Wednesday - Edward Denois from UCSD wiD c0n-
duct a Olemistry Oepertmcat CoUoquium titled "Pboepbo-
lipase A, Suucture, Mechanism. and Inhibitioo" 1114 p.m. in 
GaIren Lecture Hall. room 1 lOS. Basic Scieoces BuIJdiDa. 

• Friday - Luigi ManiIIi of EmoIy University wiD 
lecture on "Multinuclear NMR Studies of Metal 100 and Drug 
Binding to DNA" II 4 p.m. in Peterson HIll 103. 

WEEKEND WEATHER WATCH 
.The temperatures for 

Friday, Saturday, and 
Sunday in San Diego 
County: 

Vista 
71-71-70 

Poway 
73-72-72 

Source: National We ther Services 
Mel Marcelo 'Guardian 

Possibility of a few showers. 
West-to-northwest winds at 
8-15 knots. 
Surf (Feet) 
4-5 

Period 
(Secs.) 
10-14 

Surfing conditions: 
GOOD 

Swell 
Direction 

w 

Thursday, January 10, 1991 

eo., ••• tar Kn.Kcnon. SenIor ....... 
.... 1 _,,"""1: 
HUl:A ......... c..rs.w. CerBI'IfIDIIId IICIIIIIiV 
..................... 

.......... .....,1: 
t.t3lp.m:OIaIII ...... UIciIah ...... QOII1UWIDn .. 
........................................... II1II 
...... 

MIIr • .lllwy4: 
7Sl am.:A 1.aw.y ClpDoaIdId II1II11987 Ford TUIA CII .... 
DM. 

a.pm.:T.,~«tnan n I _.-.d,.. ....... ~tr 
... ot • .-.v,,*_l.cI415, Thrt-hrIpIIItId., ~ JaI. 
........ .....,1: 

2:1tIUL'A~IIIIHIIII-._1IIad trillgll~.1WC 
1111. n. ..... _dlld ........... 
ItfOam:,....,.lIIIJIIIlIdbllllyby .... ..",.* .... 
IJIP.No ....... ....... 
t:lf)pllCA ........... fIOIn. _lGIdIkx1JIdlnl.ctB 
...... ". ... ,41-=*'411 .. ..... 
""pA:At. ... dIIlkII..aIdIICa ....... ID~MInDIII ' 
HoIpIItIby p --............ fIIIna. 
_plICA 1W8o..ut,*",_-*" Ilaml.cl305 bIIIIIn 11.9 ... 1.$. 
... I2.l10. 

.... .....,1: 
2:fi(JpJA:_ .... IIIIJIIIlId ..... c/.~vaIida_ .. Ta., 
"-CRrIaL 
....... .....,~ 
d ... -O"_ ....... 1IIidCIIIIQI Mi' •• 1dtrV 
....... ""'111. DIniIgI:$1CXl. 
tSp.m:A ..... IIpIIIIId ..... ot ........ ec... ....... 
....... 1321 .......... . 
2pa:A ................. .,a.. .. I.GIIIlu.:. 
WJpm:A ......... II!IIIId ..... cI.I*:rdlIn .. " .. AIIII'* 
FIombllllln 3:30 .. 521 pili. ..... . 

r.dIr • .....,1: 
msam.:VMtIIIm ........ ID •• lllal_a..atm. 
to ..... A .......... ~ ... tr ............ 
...... 
" ..... AIUiIIiI ............. cI .......... 1NidOollgl 
.... ..... ,.., ... 181.1-=_ 
12:111p.nt:A ..... JIIIGIIId ..... " .............. tAl 
.,4 ... '" '157~1D'D~.,ADIINI~IIDIIII ... II:SD. 

GUAa.IJIAN 
PtIL GRUEN, EdIfor .. ChIlI 
ROBIN MACLEAN, MlllIagirJg EdIIor 
BEN BOYCHUK, 0p0InbJ EdItor 
LES BAWOLD. ~ SporDEdIfor 
JAMES COWER, o.Ign EdItor 
GREG DIXON. ~ 0pln1Cln EdItor 
au DOWlER. Copy EdItor 
MEUNOA HAIIL TON, "'..ocIIIt"'" EdItor 
MARY BETlY HEARD. "'~,.". Editor 
LARA HEISLER, ~ AtfI EdItot' 
HEATHER HOLTZClAW. "'8ICIdID SIIor1IJ Editor 
CHRIS11NA HUIZAR, AaocInI AtfI EdItor 
PETER KO. SporfI Editor 
JENNIFER KOlSKY. PfIoto EdItor 
KENTKOAZON, ~ CDpyEdllor 
LENGLOH, ~EdItor 
MEL MARCELO. AIIocIRt ~ Editor 
SAHGEETA MEHTA, AaocInI ~ EdIfor 
BAlAN MORRIS, ~ PrIOlo EdIfot' 
JULIE PUZON, t=e.rut.. EdItor 
JEFF QUAH, GnIpIiIcIJ Editor 
JASON SNELL, News EdIItW 
AlMAS UZGIRIS, Photo EdItor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI. "'~ ~ Edilor 
JENNFER YANCEY • .4na£t;,."..".", EdIfor 

BOB DeANDREA. Buslne .. ,.""ger 
MICHAEL FOULKS. Advertising MlJnager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
~~ .. SI*'Y"- rtm_,CIoul_ 
~ _ t. ... BeIor9ot, 00n0It.;., PIOio VIIIodood 
~: DnoICoM..i>e1M Mrg U1 

Thursday, January 10,1991 Thc UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Ten UCSD Student Reservists 
Called up for Active Military Duty UCB: Triton Pub could come back again CantInued from pege 1 

it is imponant to have one here." 
The GSA proposal requires a pennanent wall, 

while the UCB only require renovations to the 
space such as moving the stage. placing a remov-
able panition to accomodates more than one event, 
and remodeling the bathrooms and storage space. 

By Debbie Rosenthal 
Staff Writer 

Ten UCSD students. all members 
of the military reserves, have been 
called to active duty in the Persian 
Gulf as a result of the U.S. 
government' sresponse to the threat of 
war in the Middle East 

According to Sally Hickok-
Broxton. associate registrar aOO ad-
missions officer, six of the tudents 
withdrew from the university in mid-
to late-November. and fourmore were 
deployed just after the beginning of 
Winter Quarter!hi past week. 

Of the ten students now presum-
ably in thePersianGulf, ix were from 
Muir. two were frcmReveUe. one was 
from Warren,andone was from Third. 

In the fall, when it became evident 
to administrators that the Gulf Crisi 
might affect members of the UCSD 
population. a policy was developed 
WlderthedirectionofVice01anceUor 
of Undergraduate Affairs Joseph 
Watson in the event that students were 
called to military duty. 

Under the policy. students who 
brought a copy of their military orders 
to the registrar were given a full refund 
of their fees forthequarterandpennis-
sion to bypass traditional application 
processes and additional fees when 
they are reinstated. 

Hickok-Broxton said that almost 
all of the students who were called up 
chose to take advantage of the policy . 

The policy was written specifi-
caUy with this ituation and these 
srudents in mind. Prior 10 fall 1990. 
UCSD "didn't have anything in writ-
ing" for such an occurrence. Hickok-
Broxton said. The policy wasdesigned 
so that "we could accornodate these 
students in any way possible." she 
added. 

Karen Toomey, assistant to the 
Muir CoUege dean, said that several 
students came in wonied that they 
would have to leave, but were instead 
assigned to fill in polS at the Naval 
Hospital, and other such local assign-
ments that enabled them to remain 
enrolled in the university . 

1be rest of the space would continue to serve as 
a multi-purpose facility for concerts. lectures. and 
parties as it has since its remodeling in April J 989, 
shonIy after the pub' s closure. 

Mordecai Potash, commissioner of promotions 
forUCB,originallyopposed the GSA proposal. but 
says thai be has reconsidered. 

"1 think it's a good idea." Potash said. "A lot of 
what the GSA is proposing is needed ... 

Thestipulationthatonlythoseovcr21 beallowed 
to entcr the facility generated controversy at the 
UCB meeting. 

"The pub was one of the few places wbere 
llndemgepeoplecould go with theirover-21 friends," 
Associated Students President John Edson said 
afterward. "This prevents interaction between the 
two groups." 

The GSA proposal SlateS that "As 30% of the 
undergraduate population and virtually all of the 
graduate student population (20% of all students) 
areovertheageof21. wefeelthis ... will address the 
vital interests of a very large and diverse pan of the 
UCSD campus." 

One point of contention is over the partitioning 
wall proposed by the GSA to separate the bar area 
from the general use area of the facility. 

According to University Center Director Jim 
Carruthers. however, the budget for the renovations 
range between $210.000 and $240,000. 

UCB members fearthatthe budget will not cover 
both the permanent wall and the necessary renova-
tions. 

Edson suggested that a removable wall cou Id be 
placed beLween tJle two facilities. which would be 
cheaper and allow the whole site to be opened up for 
larger events. 

The GSA proposal would also require renego-
tiationofUCSD'sconlrJctwithRoundTablePizza's 
Bull's Eye Tavern. which contracted for its site on 
the understanding that it would be the sole facility 
serving alcohol to students on campus. 

Fremont argued that the Bull'. Eye Tavern 
"serves a different population" than the targeted 
users of the proposed pub. 

Aflerdebating the proposal. the UCB ordered an 
examination of the costs of competing plans by the 
site's contractors. Edgar Thieme Architects. The 
issue will be reconsidered by the UCB in several 
weeks' time. after the study is finished. 

A.S. Council Passes TG Resolution WEDNESDAY'S A.S. MEETING IN BRIEF Appointments : 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
JStaff Writer 

The Associated Students (AS.) 
Council voted last night to approve a 
resolution which urged the TG Advi-
sory Corrunittee to issue a tinaI deci-
sion favoring continued alcohol 
availability at TGs. 

The AS. resolution also criti-
cized a recent proposal to create a 

DAILY W.EAR ............. $89 
(Cooperthin) 
EXTENDED WEAR .... $105 
(8 & L, 03104) 
BROWN EYES BLUE .... $199 
(Myopes only) 1nc:We: compIIIe 11'1 ___ • GIIu:ama 

loll' Lens ~ & filling .p .. , of corua 
_lO!myq>II(~·F-.rp_· 
_ .. oloit·F .. -.:tioro l nrq. Two-__ pnvwn' 0IIII"_,, 
_ . Oller good lor lIrIt·timo'-" 

SPECIAL 

$95 Reg, $125.00 

To the Ad Hoc Task Foo::e On Constitutional Convention Bylaws,' 
segregated area for students who are 
drinking by stating. "the ASUCSD . .. 
vehemently objects to any aIrdllge-
mem that would violate the spirit of 
TGs as an integrated campus event by 
separating drinkers from non-drink-

The TG Ad Hoc Advisory Com-
mioeewas fonned in early November 
in response to concerns voiced by 
UCSDOliefofPoliceJohnAnderson 
about security at TG ,possible viola-
tions of campus alcohol policies, and 
campus safety. 

• Jay Levin. Revelle College 
• Tom Ludwig, Warren College 
• Seamak Malek. Muir College 
• Tayari Mchezaji. Third College 
New Senators: 
• Emilio Luna. Revelle College 
• Slamak Malek, Muir College 

ers." 
The resolution was authored by 

AS. PresidentJohnEdsonandpassed 
by a vote o.f22'{). with one abstention. 

Thecomminee is expected to con-
clude its investigation of TGs and 
announce a ruling shonJy. 

AlloaItiDns: 
• $150.00 for the 1991 Martin Luther King, Jr. Parade. from the General 

Unallocated FUnd, 
- Sheryl Wolcott 

any second pair 
of contact lenses 

or eyeglasses 

ASK ABOUT 
OUR NO-WAIT 

REPLACEMENTS 
STARTING AS LOW 
AS $19 PER LENS 

WE NOW HAVE 
DISPOSABLE 

CONTACT LENSES 

Professional 
vlSloncare 

8780 III ....... ' Rdo 
1 ", mills east of 805 behind Carl's Jr. 

578-6796 
E8IIr~ 
'$11 ..... 

30¢ PIZZA 
FOR THE NEXT CALLER! 

In celebration of turning the bIg 3·0. Dommo's PI Zza WIll deliver a 
medIUm PIZza wllh your favorite topping [or just 30: when you order 
a large D ll1 i no'~ PIZza allhe regular pnce So hurry and get 10 a phone 

ITS TlME FOR DOMINO'S PIZZA. 
CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3m Holiday Ct. 

----------MEDIUM 
MEAL DEAL 

HOURS: 
11 am-lam Sun,-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. &: Sat. 

-----------

30( PIZZA ~8 75 r.1 ... I • •• I Order any large Domino's Pizza at the regular One Medium mlno', ORIGINAL pizza with prl"" and get. medium ORiGINAL ch""5e 
ch_l'lu, TWO toppings of ~r choIce I pizza wi til 1 topping of your choice for ONLY 
AND 2 Cokes~ (diet or- Cla •• Ic) (or ONLY 30<1 Extra t0p.plngs on medium pizza ONLY 
".75 .. plus tax. Coupon required . Please I Sl.00. Not valid With any o ther di5count or ~~~~i:i'-- : roW;;~iifi~C~' 
\/lid.,.,.... _ '"'" Mol ........ .., _*, _""'.., ...... po1dpot>v_""" MoI ....... ..,_ .... _..,..,. c:u.o.."",,_ .. __ DoIhIry __ ................ 1 C"OWPll'- .. -_DoIhIry .... - .. - ... ~ 
~_...,Iooo .... IIlOO'~-. ..... ...-..... - ~-...., .... ""'12O.0Ii:~_ ..... ...-...... -

crl hp6fw )/31/91. I bph.l/JI91. 



4 OPINION 

II Many people have 
faulty ideas about an 
already faulty system 
By Jason Snell 
Senior Staff Writer 

Someone I knew throughout elementary school 
and high school is in the United States Air Force, 
stationed in England. His unit is scheduled to be 
rotated to Saudi Arabia in the next few months, 
and his mother is quite upset about it Sbe has 
every right to be. 

"My son shouldn't have 10 go fight for oil," she 
said to me. "They should draft Bush's son, and 
then they should draft son3 of congressmen. 
Would you want to be dreftoo to fight for oil?" 

WcU, no, I don't suppose' would. Definitely 
not. But I shouldn'l havc to, right? That's whal 
wc've gOt the armed forces for. 

SriU, the word "draft" brings disturbing 
thoughts inlQ,my mind. There's something about 
the idea that the government can scad you a notice 
forcing you 10 repon for induction inIo the service 
within 10 days that is disquieting. Should the 
government have the right to take us against our 
wills and force us to fight and maybe die in a war'! 

The answer is yts - but it's not as big a yts as 
you might think. 

As citizens, it is our duty - baning special 
cases such as conscientious objectors -10 serve 
our country if need be. If the armed forces are 
depleted to the level where civilians will have to 
be called up, thea Americans must be pepaml to 

OPINION 
Thc UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 10. 1991 

COMMENTARIES 

HOW YOUR NUMBER COMES UP 

1 .. For a draft to be 
reactivated, both 
Houses of Congress 
would have to autho-
rize the action. 

2. Wfthin.houra of 
congressional ap-
proval, Selective 
Service randomly 
assigns numbers to 
birthdates. Those 
with lower 
bers would 
drafted 

Draft boards begin 
selecting men for 
induc:lion, starting 
with .20-year-olds. 

5. After receiving a 
mall gram, possible 
inductees can file a 
Claim for a postpone-
ment, deferment, or 
exemption from 
military service. 

Within 13 days of 
Initial congressionaJ 
approval of a draft, the 
first inductees would 
enter boot camp,· WIthin 
30 days the Selective 
Service can mobilize 
100,000 troops. 

WHERE TO GET MORE INFO 
• SelectIve ServIce Hotline will provide 
information about the draftl1-202-7244l2O 
• Military Law Talk Force gives legal 
counseling on draft 1aw/233-1701 
• Commit .. Opposed to MJIItarIem and the 
Draft gives information about resistance to 
Selective Service rE19istrationl282-9968, or 
753-7518 
• lesbian & Gay Men's Community Center 
provides information on the draft for gay menl 
692-2077 

serve their country. 
But that's a big "if." These days, as the United 

Nations deadline with Iraq approaches, a lot of 
people are talking about the possibility of a draft -
or sending American mea in their late teens and 
early twenties to fight and die in the Middle East 
Even the IIIOIher of that guy I lcnew in elemenlary 
school is talking like this. 

A lot of them seem to be missing one big point: 
we do have a huge amount of men and women 
serving in ourCOWlUY'S armed forces. These arc 
peoplc who signed up for such wort.. and Ihese are 
the people who should do the fighting. 

In recent weeks, however, I've heard • lot of 
Brgurnatts about Ibe composition of the armed 
forces. Some people sUggcsl that usioa drafteea 
would be.faim' tban using just die enlisted anned 
forces. because many enlistees are poor and 
minoritie!. By drafting • few ria. wlUle boys.lbey 
argue, the peopIo we send to die in InIq would be. 
lilde more Iwlancrd 

See DRAFT, Page 5 

Jeff QuaniGuant/wJ 

- No deferments for 
college students good 
news for minorities 
By James Collier 
Senior Sta" Writer 

As the United StaleS slowly but surely steadies itself 
for war in the Middle East, government officials here 
have quietly announced that if a draft is held. there will 
be no college student defemls. 

Only graduating students will be allowed to delay 
their military service, and that's just for .year (though 
&hat may be enough time to avoid this cunent cont1ic:t). 

WhiJe IhiI may be bad news far tbousInds of college 
SIUdents (and a reason for some studco&$l0 SIaIt piling OIl 
the units), it is good news for the Jower.middIe and lower 
cIaa, wbo due 10 a Jack of IaOW'CeS, cannot fund a 
coIJe&e education to ac:ape war. 

No Ioopr wiIIlheIe be a w. that the "have noes" 
fi", and that !be "bIMs" sit out in reJltive security. 

During the Y'1dDam War, college defermeob bid a 
profound effect on who died in that <:ODflict. 

DuriD& tbIl time of obvioUI unequal opportuni1y. 
many middle 10 upper cia wbiIeI were able to ---
VldDIm. ' --r-

"""andI 0( AfIk:an Americans weren't 80 lucky, 
buwe ... Cole 10 20 ~oflbe toral American 
fIfaIIrIes In VieIDam were b1ack. thousb only 11 pen:eot 
oftbe 1lOI:II U.s. pop'lMioIl was African American. 

WbOaI*dols can ... _--"givloa bIct 10. 
CIOIIey'" 11M givea so ..... to iIs cidzros"-dIe 
... ...-...s by AtricIDA-.-=- _100 nu:h 10 

'See DEPti 'I!N1'8, Page 5 

Thursday. January 10, 1991 Thc UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

INTERVIEW/f\ \IH'r (,lllH ~m 

Expert Foresees Many People Resisting Draft 
Editor's note: Kalhy GiI~rd is 

a draft counst/or with the Military 
Task F oru of the Nalional 
lAwyers Guild. 

Q: What do you think about 
the chance of there being a draft in 
the Gulf! 

QUAL OPPORTUNfIY DRAff 

.. 

now, from here and around the 
country, from people of draft age 
and from parents concerned· about 

A: Of course no one can say 
with certainty what is going 10 
happen. I can give you my own 
sense of the situation. I do nol see 
the draft as a very strong likcli-
hood in the shon term, but I think 
that there is a real possibility [of al 
draft if we are engaged in a 
protracted military operation in 
the Gulf. In the short term, I think 
there are a couple of things that 
wcigh against it One is that it 
would take Congressional 
authorization to reinstate the draft 
and I'm not sure that President 
Bush could easily obtain Congres-
sional authorization. Secondly, it's 
one of those actions which would 
reduce the popularity of Bush's 

NO DISCRIMINATION AGAINST DISABLITY, AGE 

the possibility that there may be a 
resumption of the draft. And there 
has certainly been some discussion 
of it in the government, although 
not a massive policy debate at this 
point I think that many people of 
draft age will be caught by surprise. 
One of the problems is that the draft 
will move more quickly than it did 
last time, and for the first inductees 
there wiu not be very much time to 
protect themselve . Politically, I 
think that there will be really an 
enonnous reaction from students 
and from others of draft age to the 
idea that they are going to be 
drafted and sent off to Saudi Arabia 
or Iraq to fight a war. I don't see 
massive popular support among 
students for this war and I think the 
idea of being involuntarily sent to 
fight in it is going to cause quite a 

policy in the Gulf and I know that 
the administration is very sensi-
tive to public opinion. On the 
other hand, if we are in a protracted military situation, 
there might come a point where the need for person-
nel power would outweigh the bad political fallout of 
a draft and when they would feel that it was neces-
sary to do so. 

Q: Do you see any situation like that coming up at 
all? 

A: Well, who knows whe.re we will be in the next 
few weeks? If there is a war in the Middle East, I 
don't think it is likely to be a shon and clean war. I 
don't think that is militarily possible and I think it's 
really underestimating the other tensions in the region 
to think thaI it could be a quick couple of days of air 
strikes and then we're out of there. But how long a 
war it would be is certainly not something that could 
be predicted at·this point. I think there is a possibility 
of a protracted war and that we should be wonied 
about it, but I don 'I feel like J can predict one way or 
the other. 

Q: If there's a draft, what sort of options do 
people of draft age have in tenns of resisting or 
avoiding the draft? 

A: WeU, there are lots of options. Certainly, as in 
the last draft there wiU be a lot of people who refuse 
induction. The difference is this time, since registra-
tion happens as a really separate process, it is also 
likely thaI the numbers of people who resist registra-
tion would increase. 

For people who have registered and do not want to 
resist, there are a number of exemptions and defer-
ments available. For example, there are exemptions 
for conscientious objectors, for people with medical 
or psychiatric or what they caU moral problems ... for 
people who are gay. There are defennents for people 
with family hardships. There are a number of other 

DEFERMENTS 

OR T-REG PRIORITY. 

lesser dcfennents and exemptions. TIlere is no longer a 
student defennent as there was during the Vietnam-era 
draft In that time a person who was enroUed in a 
regular college program could be deferred until the 
completion of his studies. Now all this student can 
obtain is a postponement either until the end of the 
quaner or the semester they are in, or if they are in their 
senior year of high school or college until the end of the 
year. So students no longer have the same availability of 
defennent s.imply for their student status. 

Q: Why do you think they changed that? 
A: I think that it was in part a political change 

because there was much criticism of the draft for hitting 
hardC:S1 at those people who are least able to .. . economi-
cally protect themselves. College students, people who 
had money 10 go to college for four or six or eight years, 
were much better able to protect themselves than people 
who were not high school graduates or for whom 
coUege was not a real option. There was a lot of 
criticism of the disproportionate impact on poor people 
and people of color based on thaI. I think there is 
probably also just a frustration factor that aU these 
students were gening out of the draft and on the 
government's part there was, to some cxtent, simply a 
desire not 10 let people escape. But having said those 
things I feel that I need to add I think the desire to look 
egalitarian is only cosmetic. It is my finn belief that it 
will be more difficult now for poor people and people 
without access to legal assistance to avoid the draft. My 
feeling is that this draft would be very unfair even with 
the elimination of student defennents, but politically it 
looks as though they have made it more egalitarian. 

Q: What is your reaction in tenns of how college 
students will react to this? 

A: We are getting an increasing number of calls 

stonn. 
Q: How difficult is it to get a 

conscientious objector deferment? 
A: We don't know because they 

are not doing it yet. At Ihis point, because the rule has 
changed since the last draft, the Selective Service will not 
accept any defennent or exception claims. There are 
people who are preparing conscientious objection claims, 
but there have been none considered by the Selective 
Service. I can't teU you the statistics because there are no 
cases. 

The regulations are somewhat complex, and I would 
certainly encourage anyone who wants to look into any 
defennent or exemption to talk: with a draft counselor or 
an attorney familiar with this stuff before putting their case 
together. With counseling, the procedures appear to allow 
for an exemption. An exemption is a pennanent defer-
ment, a deferment i a lemporary out for a year or 
whatever the necessary time is for the condition 10 clear 
up. With conscientious objection we're talking about a 
pennanent condition, and in those cases, under lhe 
regulations as they stand now, it should be fairly easy for 
people who have assistance to qualify for the exemption. 
What local draft boards will do, and how sympathetically 
or antagonistically they will look at the claims we don't 
know yet. 

As the law stands, a great many people will qualify and 
it should be profitable for a great many people to obtain 
conscientious objection or other exemptions and defer-
ments. It is the opinion of counselors and attorneys doing 
this work that, even though many of them think that a draft 
is not right over the horizon, that it would be wise for 
people who are close to that primary selection group, those 
that have turned 20, to talk to a counselor or an attorney 
and find out what their rights are and maybe begin to get 
logether tht: first documentation, the initial proof of their 
exemption or defennent claim. Or find out aboul resis-
tance if they believe that's the option that they would take. 

- Interview by James Collier 

DRAFT--------------
Continued from page 4 occurred during Vietnam. Continued from page 4 States. All of the benefits of serving in those forces come at a cosl: if war come ,your job 

is to fight. These people have reaped the 
benefits of the U.S. government and its taX-
payers, and times like this serve as the payback. 

ask of anyone, especially when other 
groups weren't pulling their fair share. 

TIle probable Middle East war has more to 
do with the "haves" than the "have nots." 
People with resources consume a greater 
proponion of the oil being prodeced. So it 
makes sense that the "haves" panicipare in 
"protecting" their interests. 

It is easier, of course, to send others to do 
the fighling, but in a "democratic" society, it 
is important that everyone share the risk of 
fighting a war- not just a select few. That is 
the correct way to do it 

If CVCJ)' social lcvel feels the risk, then 
everyone bears the responsibilitY of making 
sure that their son's lives aren't being risked 
foolishly. 

If evCJ}' social level has. stake in the war, 
then hopefully (this is. big hope), Americans 
won't put up with the foolish blundering that 

When every level of society is involved in 
a war, we'd reaUy see college students care 
about what happens in the world. We'd see 
students proteslnot because of fad or fashion, 
but because their asses will be on the line. 

Many college students may be frightened 
at the prospect of dying on adesen battlefield. 
But minorities and the poor can takc hean 
because ifthcre is a draft, they woo't be going 
alone. Because forevel)' black, Hispanic, and 
poor person's death in the Middle East con-
fliet they can take pleasure in knowing that al 
least five or six upper to middle class whites 
will die along with them. Now tMl's demo-
crabe death. 

Withcollegedefcnncnts gone, we have rid 
ourselves of a nice bit of bypocrisy. 

If only we could get rid of the provisions 
that keep government officials from being 
drafted .. 

When did people get it in their heads that 
the anned services are only supposed to exist 
as a way to give young men and women 
training and experience, to provide jobs for 
people whoothelWise would have few oppor-
tunities, and aren't for war? 

Joining the Air Force was a great deal for 
that old friend of mine- he barely graduated 
from high school and it didn't seem that he 
had much of a promising future. Now he's 
received excellent training, has a fairly weU-
paying job with a good polential for career 
advancement, and can probably suppon his 
new wifc far better than he could have ever 
done if he bad stayed back home. It was an 
incredible opportunity for him. 

But when he signed the papers that enlisted 
him in the Air Force, he must have read the 
large print The Air Force, like the Army, 
Navy,andMarines,existstodefendtheUnited 

Despite all of this, it is pos ible (though I 
believe unlikely) that U.S. forces could be-
come so depleled that a draft would be nec-
essary. If so, those who are drafted should be 
put in the least threatening po itions possible. 
They should shore up supply lines and bu-
reaucratic positions at home and overseas 
while enlisted forces continue fighting. Again, 
those enlisted forces are there for just this sort 
of instance. They must be used. An American 
citizen may be drafted to help his country, but 
that citizen should not be forced into combat 
when enlisted soldiers still exist to do that job. 

When it comes down to the United States' 
selective service policy itself, I have some 

See POLICY, Page 6 



6 OPINION 

YEARS 
AHEAD 

IWRCUTS 
by Mark 
W .... $17 (reg. $25) 
M_ $14 (reg. $/9) 
UCSD IPECIAU 
P~rm 4< Haircut $50 
or Highlight 4< Haircut 

The UCSD Guardian 

WE HAVE 

EXCELLENT 
AUTO INSURANCE RATES 

FOR QUALJFIED SlUDENTS 
D'AGNESSA INSURANCE AGENCY 

7841 Balboa Avenue, Sle. 215 
For appointmellt please call 457-2930 

8950 Vil/Q La Jolla Dr., Ste, 2120 
San Diego, CA 92111 

AJ~·~rti.st!mt!'1I 

UCSD GRAND OPENING 
Article reprinted from the La Jolla Light, Dec.. 20, 1m. 

1909 Brodiaea 
house reopens 
B,CATltLEENSCOTT 
LI6I1t BlUlMu B.r 

omethina old, IOIIICIIWia S :::: Just ,!:: ~ 
new - and old - s&ore opened 
in the 1700 block 0( Fay 
Avenue, in the cenJer 01 La 
Jolla's pedestrian villale. 

Ooce located in I quiet rai-
dential neilhborhood where 
prominent San Oiepns lived. 
this blue and white be.ch COlUIe 
- renamed the Vmaae General 
Store - was recent1y restored to 
its oriSinal SlIte by a local La 
JoIllIl. 

Worried thll the site would 
eilher be developed or the build-
inss razed so !hi property could 
be used as a customer par1tin, 
101. instead a historically-minded 
builder bouShl the property and 
bellil rcstorins the bunlalow. 

Sill months later, with the 
renovation project complete, the 
house received a herillle struc-
lUre desiplllion tJy the City of 
Sill DieIO. 

Owned by La Jolla resident 
Bill Einhorn, a handful o( ten-
ants moved in, and business and 
property managers were put in 
place. 

Robert Harlinl . business 
managCl. and Rictwd Hahn, act-
inl IS property I1WIIICI at the 
site, now ovc:rsce the commer-
cial site. Hahn. who is also in the 
construcLioo business, said he 
was personally involved in the 
project "(rom the 8lound up." 

• 'The house is jus, part of the 
La Jolla thai once: WIS," Hahn 
said. TIle Village General Store 
houses a sportSwear store, an an-
tique shop, the Rose Bay Gal-
lery, and. upstain, the School for 
Beuer Eye SishL Housed in the 
back in what was once: a small 
apartment building, is a barber 
ahop. with office space 'Iill Ivai-
lable for lease around it. 

Hahn and Harlinl, wbo is an 
architectural student at UCSD, 
are marketina a high end sport 

.. 

• ScaIT pt.ooo Cryer 
Robert Harlin" Ir-oa', stands on steps 01 the Villale Gea-
eraJ Slore on Fay AYenue with Richard Hahn. Both are 
manaaen ot the property. 

shin /Xarinaa La Jolla logo and 
sws IOd stripes. " We·re Iryinl 
10 sive people a real qualily 
T-shirt," Hahn noted. ·'By usinl 
an American nil 1010. we're 
striving to largel tourists and 
promoce U JolIl. " 

"We produce a ·line of hish 
quality sportswear (or loc.tls and 
for visitors, and resort-type 
items," added Harling. 

In renovaling the house, Hahn 
sa id he kept as much of the ori-

gina� buildinl as he could. in-
side. he refinished the hardwood 
floors and left an enclosed 

porch; outside, he used the exist-
ing front cement courtyard, add-
ed a walkway connectina the 
froot courtyard to the back and 
added a fenced cpunyard in the 
back yard that can be used for 
musical recitals. 

Slatinalhat he 's ''Il0l a buil-
der, I'm I renovator," Einhorn 
said he WatWI the property to be 
known as a local landmark. 

The merchandise, the IOwn 
and the house lie all married to 
each other:' he said. "The idea 
is 10 make this a little indepen-
den! hall of La Jolla. La JolIl is 

Come and ee our unique La Jolla port clothing, beach items & 
gifts and explore our affordable art gallery 

7731 Fay Avenue 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

(619)454-2360 
HOURS: Mon.-Sat. 10 B.m to 4 p.m. 

Read The Guardian for our UCSD arts 
shows and music events! 

10 special for aU of us. It would 
be • nicc rallyinl point for old 
La Jolla. We're Iookinl uuo 
havin, 1ft ShoWI and musical re-
cilals." 

Merchandise, he said, is labeled 
'·La Jolla, Califomia, USA, 
America's Paradise. We WIDl to 
combine the towD. abe bouse, and 
what's PIlI on inside it- it will 
all be conncctcd. The bouse is abe 
symbol of it all. " 

• 'The property was such a 
wreck," Einhorn con&ilwed. "It 
badn'l bec:a IOUCbcd in yellS IIId 
years .•• 

But once he saw the bardwood 
l100n undcrnellh abe a1uctd-down 
carpel. be said he could ICC the 
billa)'. 

"II was a rul labor of love," 
Einhorn said. "No suuctura1 
chan,es were made. h·. all laIh 
and plasler walls." He said abe 
idea was "to not leI il faU iDIo the 
wronl haods and lum il inlO a 
commercial location without an 
ideOIity:· . 

And Einhorn said be feds he·s 
aiven bIct the coua,c·. idcruiIy, 
alona with somcthina for La 
JoIllDS. . 

Pan of thai identily incllldcs abe 
recent historical silC dcsipation 
from the City of Sara D!e.,. Be-
cause he applied fOf t~.c dcsipa-
tion. the Sill Die., HisUJric:a1 ~ 
ciety researcbN the hisuIry of \be 
house. 

It dclcnn!ocd abe house was 
buill cirea 1909 because ·'il (X)O-
fonned with cenain houses Wt 
were built by Walter Lieber, a de-
veloper at the lime. Lieber was 1)'-
pical of developers who came ,10 
the coast durin, that era." Ein· 
bomsaid. 

He said il was IdveniJcd for 
renl by Lieber in a San DielO 
newspaper in 1909 which sw:d it 
was "a new COIllle, very aurae. 
Live, five rooms and ba&h. ,oed 10-
calion. two bIocb 10 beach. sa.'IlC 
to POSI oCrK:C ••• 

In 1916 the property was aw-
ned by Samuel Nesmith for a few 
years. Nesmith worked with 
Thomas Edison for more dian SO 
years. BUI the most prominent in-
babiLIDI was the Rev. Owlcs 
Kniatu. founder 01 La Jolla Euw-
sunrise servicca and ministu of 
the Union Coa~,.Uon C1urch 
in La Jolla. who lived in the beach 
coua,e for ci&bt years after com. 
ina to La Jolla in 1921, Einbom 
said. 

Ori,wllyoamcd the Brodiaca 
House: after a Dative Pacific Coast 
nower "bec:a1llC in thole days 
they dido·t use numbered addra-
ses.·· Einhorn said the COlla. i. a 
reminder of the devclopmcat style 
that once dcflllCld the viii. of La 
JOIIL "In the '4OI1be wbaIc IftCI 
looked like thaI," EiDhom IIOICd.. 

Thursday, January 10,1991 

POLICY 
Continued from page 5 
great reservations. 1be way the 
system is structured is inherently 
biased and unfair, and should be 
overhauled. 

If a draft were to occur lO(lay, 
men from the ages of20 to 25 would 
be the first to be called up. Their 
names would be drawn from a secret 
Selecti ve SelVice System computer 
in the Chicago area.1bere would be 
no college or hardship deferments 
- a college student could finish out 
hi current quarter or semester, and 
seniors could fmish the year, but 
then they'd have to go. 

TIle problem with this system is 
that there has been LinIe or no effort 
to force people to regi ter for the 
draft.NobodyreaJlyfeelsapre sure 
to register, and so I doubt that any 
large percentage of draft-age men 
are actually in the Selective Service 
computer. 

So who is in the computer? One 
group of people in particuLar -
poor college students. After all, in 
order to qualify for any govern-
ment-based scholarship or financial 
aid, they have to either register for 
the draft or show why they are not 
eligible for it. 

Only men are eligible for the 
draft. There is no logical reason for 
this-women arejustascapable as 
men in all things, including partici-
pating in the anne<! services. 1be 
United States' antiquated laws about 
women in combat are a joke, and the 
fact that women are also not eligible 
for the draft shows that the Selective 
Service guidelines are equally out 
of sync with reality. 

In theend, the government would 
end up drafting a small group of 
people, most of whom were inteHi-
gent college students who happened 
tobefinanciallydisadvantaged.1be 
other group of people who would 
end up being drafted would most 
likel y be those indi viduals who were 
socially conscientious enough to 
follow the law and register. 

Rich students who have no need 
forscholarshipsoraid wouJdn 'thave 
to worry about registering, and 
neither would any non-students. 

The fact is that college students 
are not a group that any country 
hould want to send off to fight, and 

our draft would probably send off 
more of them than any other group. 
Why send off the cream of your 
nation's crop of individuals, the 
leaders of the future, to be killed 
when you leave behind a bunch of 
people who didn 't have any need to 
comply with the law? 

Such an act is against simple 
Darwinian principles -a society 
should try to preserve its valuable 
members, while losing those who 
are not as vitally needed to the 
nation's future. 

Unfortunately, it seems that the 
U.S. government has got it back-
wards. They have set up a system 
which could put a vital group of 
American citizens at risk while those 
who are not nearly as dearly needed 
go about their lives unencumbered 
with the chance of dying on a sandy 
battlefield 

Let's hope that the time when we 
have to test such a flawed philoso-
phy will never come. 

rio< UCSD C-.tiGn...- )<JUT1a· 
Itrs and ~ Drop )'OUr Ituer &. the 

G~ ""'- ("" Ihc _ IIoor of Ihc 
- Cc_.-.IhcGencnJ s ... ) ... maiI 
itto: 

Opooafdolor 
c-.-
~OInIno... OJI6 

uJolla.CA 9209J.OJI6 
l-. _ ... IJIIOd. doubIe-lpO«II. 

... should __ ........... pIIono 
_.u .......... ...w .. "'prinood. w. 
- .... """ ...... far ...... lIIIctariry. 

Thursday, January 10,1991 

RALLY 
Continued from p-ae 1 
why a war in !he Middle Fscould be 
defended as being in America's "best 
economic inlClests." 

"It's the vast stream of profits from 
oil that lubricates [the western eco-
nootic system], and those who run the 
system have had their hands on [the 
profits] eversincetheoil started flow-
ing." Schiller said. 

The real issue, Schiller said, is 
economic. 

"The situation in the Middle East 
adds up to two points: coIlossal prof-
its, and a wor\d order organized in a 
way the people here want to see that 
wor\d organizcd," be saKI. 

Schiller concluded by urging ev-
eryone in the audience to "express 
your unwillingness to fight" 

"Push in every way you can to get 
!he troops out and stop !he war," be 
said. 

Dr. Z. Krlplce, director of Student 
HealthScrvices, told the audience that 
she could not sit quietly "while this 
country tries to blight its young 
people." 

Kripkeechoed Schiller's criticism 
ofBush'spolicy, saying tha!oil wasn't 
worth losing lives. Describing oil as 
ueco-poison," Kripke said that "more 
people have been killed by Saddam's 
oil than by his DelVe gases." 

"You deserve peace," she told the 
audience. "We must not let war rob 
you of that." 

William "Wild Bill" Gandall, an 
82 year-<>Id ex-Maline. led the crowd 
in a fist-pumping chant of "No more 
war."GandaIl, a veteran of three wars, 
described his experiences to the au-
dience and why he became a peace 
activist 

''In 1927 I helped invade Nicara-
gua. where a lot of innocent people 
were killed" GandaIl said "I rdped. 
mwdered, and took part in everything 
the human race is guilty of, in a bad 
sense. I felt tenible, my conscience 
became rotten" 

"I've been in jail 101 rimes, fig/u-
ingforpea:eandlabor,andl'mproud," 
said Gandall, a self-described "agita-
tor," 

Gandall also praised the crowd, 
saying they were the bestgroup be had 
ever addressed. 

"I've been praying for this m0-
ment, and I really don't believe in 
pmyer," GandaJJ said, referring to the 
enthusiasm of !he crowd. 

"You're awakening, by God, 
you 're awakening." be said "Defy the 
draft! Defy the war!" 

Many of the speakers were met 
with jeers from counter-protesters in 
the audience. About 50 were seated in 
the rear of the auditorium, and several 
shouting matches tooIc place. Chants 
of "Free Kuwait" where stifled by 
cries of "Shut up, Reagan Youth" and 
numerous expletives. 

Similarly. during a skit by Martin 
~ and Jenny Danek, Danek's 
mention of''ttJe American ideal" was 
met with a cry ofura scism" from one 
beckler in the audience. 

Oneopposing view Was presented 
by College Republicans member 
ZBchary Bennan who. amidst the 
hisses and boos from most of the 
audience, said thai be WlL'l "scared of 
war ... butevenrnorescaredofSaddam 
Hussein" 

When Berrrat suggested that we 
need to stand bdIind our troops, sev-
eral audience members cried, "Bring 
the troops home!" 

Berman Iikencd Hussein to Ger-
IDIIldictalor AdoIfHitler,andsaid, "If 
we cortime to appease tynns and 
dicUIkn, we wiD never have peace." 

8emwJ~ootIllooe.JoeCadena, 
amavisc in the United StalesMarioe 
Corps,saidheamc"1odefaxlmysdf 
from Ibc:Ie people [the ...... ,] ... 
CIdenI, a 2O-yar-<>ld apriaIiring in 
mdea' weIIpOIII.lllidbc waarcalllly 

See HALL V, Page 8 

The UCSD Guardian 

IUCSD STUDENTI 

BIG MEAL_DEAL 
---- \ 

---- \ 
-

---- \ ~ \ ~~~~ . \ 
tU!tI1lck, \ 

foot101l& sCi H drillk" \ 
32-01. SOl' \ 14T&t 

:n:d~b:CI;g;Of~c;h;iP:S::::::::::::::::~~~al~~oo~mCm~v~ & Miramar «orionl Plea .. "..0_' UCSO 1.0. lfill ;ll.II;~ 
6780 Miramar RtL Beblnd Carl's Jr. 549-6969 

8650 Genessee in tbe Costa Verde Food Court 558-6811 

NEWS 7 

UCSD FITNESS 
SP_CIAL 

ONLY $20 PER MONTH 
on a monthly basis 

AEROBICS STAIRMASTER r--------NAUTIlUS·HOIST LIFE CYCLES I NO FREE WEIGHTS REEBOK STEPS UNCROWDED 4 MILES FROM 
• CAMPUS I IIING-'IT@ INITIATION 
• 3968 Clairemonl Mesa Blvd. 
• FEE! Cloiremoni Square S~in9 Center neor lee Word,·8ehin Po,', Sport 
• 483·9294 
• Also in SDSU area 698·1702. Wl,h mi. cd. Present this ad and I.D. I Expire. 1/24/ 9 l. 

• 
• 
• 
• I 
• I 
I 

----------1 

Monthly Payment Plans! 

Last Chance to Order 

up to 
at 1990 Prices! 

Order Now - Pay Later! 

Stop by Today . 

lIRT IIRVED 
COlLEGE JEWELRY 

Price Center Plaza 
January 15, 16, 17 10 am - 3 pm I .. -SLJ 

I I I' II f II I 

Deposit Required - $30.00 



8 NEWS Tbc UCSD Guardian Tbunday, Jmuary 10,1991 

XEROX COPIES 2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap -Only $48 

Not a ~ .... ID.I ~~ ceUte and sR*:h I!1IIIcs 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct.1204 

...... '-.M.a 455-0909 EJ;lires '2f7J91 

RALLY 
Continued from .-ue 7 
activated and would be leaving for the 
MickBe EMt in 12 hours. 

Acx:ording to Cadena, he, along 
with other specialists in nuclear 
weapoory, will be set up in the Saudi 
Arabian desert SO &embIe mcIear 
missiles and arti1Jay in Jiepai IIIion 
for a possible nuclear strike from Iraq. 

"Hnuc1earwarbreaksout, we'Ubc 
ready," be said. 

Gesturing to the people illing in 
front of him. Cardella expressed his 
fiusU'arion with the procestcrs. saying, 
"'Ibe war woo't bring us down, it's 
this shit right here." 

MuirsophomoreSteven Wechs1er 
wasanothecvisibly frustraredcounter-
protester. Carrying a sign reading, r---------r----------, "When Iraq nukes Tel Aviv, will you 

• Self service copiers . Volume discounts . Professors notes 

• Copies while you wait . Book binding 

HOURS: M F 8.30 cl III 6 P ill • Sdt 1 ,) pill 

MUIR COLLEGE 
HOUSE ADVISOR POSITIONS 
1991·1992 

tell us that you 're SOIT)'?" and "Have 
we forgotten the people of Kuwait," 
Wechsler said that no one COIl'>idm 
Hussein's nuclearcapabi.lity a threat, 
"but in threetofiveyears, whoknows?" 

According to organizers, 
Wednesday ' rally was but the firstof 
aseries of events protesting U.S. policy 

Applications available at the Muir Resident Life in the Persian Gulf and the possibility 
Office through Wednesday. January 23 with job of war. Other events will include a 
referral # 3462 from Student Employment. candlelight vigil at the Federal Build-

ing in downtown San Diego on Jan. 
Mandatory Candidates' Meeting Thursday , January 14, and regular peace vigils every 
10 or Wednesday, Jalll/ary 23. Application deadline Sunday at Balboa Parle. 

3211 Holiday Court , La Jolla 452.9949 is4p.m .. Friday,Jalluary25. Also Reported by 
Next to Domino's Pizza Melinda Hamilton 

FAX SERVICI AVAILMU, FAX Al(llt)4lO4Mt EAplr • • 2/ 1/ 00 Call 534-4200 for additi01lal information. AssoCiate News Editor 
Extended Hours: .'·W·'" .. .... and Jason Snell ~::::=======:::::::======== L ____________________ ---l News Editor 

NOW OPEN 

...... IDEO GALLERY 
~COSTA VERDE CENTER 

Bigge.t SELECTION in the Area • Free Parking 
NEW RELEASES: DICK TRACY. MY BLUE HEAVEN 

• ADVENTURES OF FORD FAIRLAINE • COMING SOON: 
YOUNG GUNS II • MO' BrnER BLUES. THE FRESHMAN 
----------------------Bring This Ad to Rent One Movie 

and get a Second Rental FREE! 
Monday thru ThurSday. Expires 1/17/91 

----------------------

8750 Genessee in the Costa Verde Center 
1U!fJT the Soup Exchange. 450-1166 

Hours: Sun.·Thurs. 11 am-9 pm/Fri.-Sat. 11 am'lO pm 

-

(
Sperm 

Bank 
Inc . 
-

6475 AI'lBlBdo Road, Suite 109 

nexttoSDSU 

DO YOU NEED EXTRA CASH? 
Are you in good physical condition? 

Could you use an additional $300.00/month? 
($35 per usuable sample) 

SPERM DONORS NEEDED 
all ethnic groups 

(619) 265-2407 

1991/1992 UCSD financial aid 

application packets are avai I 

the student financial services 

If you wish to apply and have not received an application packet in 
the mail, please contact your Student Financial Services 
Office. There will be workshops in February to assist you with 
completing the application. Watch The Guardian for specific dates. 
The deadline to apply is March 2, 1991. 

FEATURES 
Thursday, January 10, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

• On Monday and Tuesday, 
the Guardian conducted a 
random survey of UCSD 
students at various lPcations 
around campus. 100 students 
were surveyed. 

H, by Jan. 15, Iraq initiates no 
withdrawal from Kuwait, what do 
you think are the chances of war In 
the Gulf? 

2% 

Given the conditions above, 
would you support military 
action? 

H, by Jan. 15, Iraq initiates a 
unilateral partial withdrawal from 
Kuwait, what do you think are the 
chances of war in the Gulf? 

Given the conditions above, 
would you support military 
action? 

FEATURES 9 



10 FEATURES 

• Buy a ~ingIe Of double • 
· ... . ............. ·IIJ···: ~ ~ .. . 
: 2 for 12==-m:' . : 
· - . • La JoIIo Colony 7170~ .. RO •. • ,011 (In 'he VonoShooolno Ceo,,,,) l,om-IO"",Su\.1!"uL. • 
• 0-. ___ PI< ~ ExpIr~ 1/13191 II _" pm F<l. l $01. • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

WANTED 
~ ~, Students who want to 

That's why this course has a wai~ng list 50% of the enrollment. You can 
guarantee your enrollment Spring Quorter by participating in on 
evaluation sludy this quarter. The evaluation survey will toke less thon 30 
minutes 10 compete. Come 10 TCHB 121 by 4 p.m., Mon., January 14. 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 

The UCSD Guardian 

Diet 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 

Diet Center 
Free Consultation 
459-5979 

7467 CUlVER (off Pearl) 
Daily Diet Tips call 

1·900·990· THIN 
95t per miliA 1 j() 6111 miD. 

imIk"-. 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
]834 Garnet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

Thursday, January 10, 1991 

PROTEST 
By Jennifer Kolsky 

The old woman had a protest sign that she held high above her head. 
"Move out of the way. There is a ~ from the newspaper that 
is 1ii<ilg my picture,· she said to me, string at me in anger. 

·1 am a newspaper photographer, too: I said, and then I noticed the little 
boy. 

"His name is Joshua, and he's on~ 6 years old; a blonde woman 
beamed proudy. Joshua alternated between hiding from my camera 

behindhisprotestsign,ignoringmypresencealtogelher,andsmi~ngwhile 
watching me ~ curiosity. One side of his sign stated "Sanctions Only,· 
and on the other side was a peace symbol. Joshua kept twirting the sign 
while he sat on the rurb amidst 50 grown-ups. 

I became more interested in Joshuaafter I had completed photographing 
his likeness. Whatff Joshuadm~ understand what was happening? What 
ff Joshua was only assuming the values of his parents? What if Joshua 
haj a sibling or a parent in the military? What ff Joshua was being exploited 
just for the sake of the media? Whaflif Joshua was 10 years older? Would 
he still be protesting the war? 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DEliVERY CRISIS~ 

WrYE GOT 
THE CURf! 

novelty Items· gift wrapping' balloons· greeting cards 
t.Large selection of gift aru1. shipping oo)(es 
.. ., 

O 4~05 La Jolla Village Drive, UTC Mall (next to Carlos Murphy's) 
1 M 45.3-999.3 

W • I ~ , OPEN DAILY 

If This 
~yOU ••• 

... Motivated top perfonner, able to work in a politically and 
ethnically diverse setting ... Commitment to public 
service ... Collcge graduate by October I 991 ... WilIing to devote 
II months 'to a program that may change your life.,. 

... then call 

1-800-776-1761. 
Assemb~ 
Fellowsliip Program 
CALIFORNIA SfATE 
LEGISIA11JRE 

Immediate Openings 
(Free consul/Qllon Qud /t,i/tailrf.'almelll J 5 lIun. S20 value. Flrst·llme clients only) ' for 

Eyebrows 

Underarms 

81USl 
SIOI1IICh 

~Iono I.Jne 

FlI'QI!<s 
Legs 
TOII$ 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American Medll.:al Association 
approved Inl!lhods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical :lnd cosmetic ele trolysis 
for men and women 

• Female slaff, sUIte lie. te<:hnicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
LaJolUI VIUage ProfessIonal CerUer Bell/lid Elephalll Bar 
8950 Villa I..IIJolla Dr SII!. 2121 Exp.ra 11/0191 

lWo Resident Advisor Positions 
ReveUe CoUep 

J Referral at Part-time Employment 
J Prior R.A. Experieoce Preferred 

J 
J 

J 

1\w Positions - Res. Hall & Apartment 

Applications available in Revelle 
Res. Deanfs Off. 

Applications due 01111/91 4:30pm 

AKrs & ENTERTAINMENT 

CHOICE 
FRIDAY 
Mr. Bungle at Pub 
~ A band of experienced 
~ music_ fioIp Sao 
Francisco perform with Daddy 
Looglega at the Triton Pub for 
a night of "metal. sP. punk, 
andfuDk.. "Ticbts am $5 
studentsI$7 general. Show ~ 
at 9 p.m. . 

SATURDAY 
Pub Showcase 
(;7 Once spin. {JCSD sbow-

~ cases the latest in local 
music in the lint of a series of 
cooceItS at the Triton Pub. 
Perf'onninI on ~., 
Dart Globe, M'mlaatte; Preak 
Seen. and Elgin Marbles. Show 
starts at 8 p.m. Tickets: $1 
students/$2 general. . 

THURSDAYTHRU 
SUNDAY 
3'8 Co. Darice Group 
~3'8~'~ ~ ~'&Dancen opons 
its 1991 season with four 
concerts at the Mandell Weiss 
Theater at UCSD. The perfor-
mances wilI.feature new cbore- . 
ography by Artistic Director 
Jean Isaacs and Asst. Artistic 
Dim:tor Nancy McCalw. ,. 
TICkets lie S9 forWdents & 
seniors..and $IS general admis-
sion. can 296-9523 tor shOw 
times and more info. 

Portraits From the Edge 
• Photographer Duane Michals displays his snapshots of reality 
this month at the Museum of Photographic Arts 

By Christina HUizar 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

Failing to live up to Kodak's promise to 
capture the "Perfect Moment," many an 
Instamatic has been hung up in frustration. 
Duane Michals, on the other hand, succeeds in 
capturing what we've all attempted at one time 
or another - a moment seized forever. His 
photographs portray emotions, feelings that lie 
way below the surface of the film, while his 
handwritten texts accompanying the photo-

graphs drive the mes age even deeper. 
"The Duane M.ichals how," currently 

showing at the Museum of Photographic Arts 
(MoPA) in Balboa Park, is a retrospective of 
the artist's work. There arc more tlla11 100 
black-and-white photographs, including 16 
sequences and a few hand-painted photo-
graphs. 

A self-taught photographer, Michals has 
been freelancing since 1958. Although 
each photograph captures a specific 
moment and mood, there is a Page 6 

A! 1. f f / N (/ . ~ t II L L. ! ' w IN / ft I ,\ t I v f 
1\ .\ I.f I (. II ( (l /: I .. N ,J) '" / A.I( A ;/ J i f' I{ 

/) '\: {'l f i /'1 )U~ ('-).:"(11,1 /.<. '", ' ''11 11 1/\ 111 . 
~' ( ) UN \ VI-'Ll. Fl .. ) /f!..I\N(-Ij.!.,':l IN Flit ('.KI\YI 

i 1/ ,1" ',5 WIlY (1/1.) I'IC/'ILN I IS ,\() })/ . I\". 
) 1,/) .\ YO(Jf.!. l-/jJj liND I l /I~1. 111 .1\/ 

,\0 I. t T '~ ) Hc[ P TIG// r, 1/'1f) T(>uC~"1~ 4f/P f 1:1:" , 
{ OR THIS (,Jl'I(/,' IN)TA N[ ~ l ~J r k fili 

-All Things Mellow in the Mind, • one of the works by Duane Michals presently on display at MoPA. 

Thursday January 10 F!91 Hl 



2 HIATUS 

453-7831 
Green Carel 
Godfather 3 

Dances With Wolves 
Home Alone 

283-5909 
Jan. 10: Berkeley In The Sixtie. 
Jan. 11-27: The 3rd Animation 

Celebration 
II!Villllrv Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

Horror Picture Show 

IN THE NEWS 
PET A (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animal) ha 

organized an all -star list of artists for its benefit album on Rhino 
ew Artists Record. A few a t set to appear on the album are: 

the B-52's, the Pretenders, Exene Cervenka, and the Indigo 
Girl with R.E.M.'s Michael Stipe. 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
Jimi Hendrix'sbox et,"Lifeline : TheJimi Hendrix Story," 

entered the chan this week at number 193. This is Jimi' 17th 
posthumous album to hit the charts since his death in 1970. 
Interestingly enough, Hendrix only relea ed seven albums 
while alive . 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
The big showdown for the Number I album Ihi week will 

be fought out by two types of cartoon characters. In ju t it 
econd week on the chart. "The Simpson Sing the Blue " has 

climbed from Number 42 to Number 10. while Vanilla Ice's 
"To The Extreme" i till anchored down in the top spot. 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
Paul McCanney's tour la I year, which saw him perform for 

over 2.8 million fans worldwide, earned the number one po i-
tion in Boxscore 's roster of tOP gros ing orth American 
concert . 

By Bryan 0la8 and Dave LInberg 

Roth', WAR1HOU,r- In K_ny Maa. new Co<woPj St. ' 

FUTONS OR FRAMES 
IUTONS' ICApIe_ 

$1.40 pound 
tl' ........ , 

Aft- ..... 
-

,., .. !IO", SlQ 
rN "' ... .. f'N III ... Sill 

1fQ-. "' ... .. rQ-. lQ ... 
-

f'Q-. ., ... SI. 

uaa IilWNlOUI TAIW 
l'lle .. tubjo<. IV cNnp. ~ ... n.bIe. 

• 4807 Merc.ry IL, w_,,-- -f," 
T .... I«eOl~IQ .. a-.. __ . GD ___ .. _...,k. ..... 

__ 01-, __ M 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 10,1991 

Maniacal Grooves at TG 
• Bay Area band will be funkin' it up tomorrow 
ByBryen DIu 
St.H Writw 

It's been postulated that Limbo-ing + Mani-
acs = Stinking Grooves. Just what exactly does 
that mean? Well , if you check out the gym steps. 
tomorrow afternoon, you'll find out. The 
Limbomaniacs are coming to UCSD for our nellt 
infamous T.G. 

This Bay Area band has been around for some 
five or six years in one form or another. but until 
very recently they hadn't been gening much 
exposure. Their first release i out now, and it's 
called Slinky Grooves. released by New York-
based In-Effect Records. 

The four-member band has been playing the 
Califomiaclubsceneforsometime-purtingon 
their energetic and lightly warped stage show 
for an ever-growing number of fan . When asked 
about their live performances, lead singer 
Butthouse said, "We do what we like. I don't 

know, we si t around and play kazoo on stools for a 
while ... if we feel like it" 

And they have. When I saw Limbomaniacs three 
years ago, il was quite an experience. The show 
opened with Led Zeppelin's "Heartbreaker," and 
then went straight into the song "bun funkin'," 
which happens to be the first song off their new 
album. 

Their unique style could be described as slightly 
deranged thrash funk. The band cites influences 
ranging from theWashington D.C.-based Trouble 
Funk to Led Zeppelin. 

In regards to the future of the Limbomaniacs. 
Butthouse claims, "We hope to make a video and 
tour the nation." 

Come out this Friday and see the Limbomaniacs 
ifyou'renot afraid to dance and get a little weird. It 
won 'I be boring. Bunouse shared hi thought about 
tomorrow's T.O.: "Free beer!?" 

It should be good. 

The Limbomaniacs are from left to right: Brain, Pete, Mirv, Butthouse. 

Thursday, January 10, 1991 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 3 

Three Films and a Little Drama 
• A review of 'Awakenings,' 'Hamlet,' and 'The Sheltering Sky' 
By Melito Marcelo 
Senior Staff Writer 

In 1990. Demi Moore and Patrick Swayze 
sizzled the slumping summer movie scene 
with lubricating clay and enlarging pottery 
in "Ghost." The duo made big bucks at the 
box office. BUI now that the winter movie 
scene is upon us, Hollywood has gone seri-
ous and intellectual. In the same way that 
summer movies rely on formulas and genres 
like action pictures, the serious winter mov-
ies rely on interpretations of best-selling 
novels and c1assics_ 

Opening soon in San Diego are three 
movies that derive their inspiration from the 
literary world. "Awakenings." "Hamlet." 
and "The Sheltering Sky" are all based on 
popular writlen works. With the current 
escapist movies about an Italian family and 
line kids entertaining moviegoers at the 
moment, is it worth shelling out seven dol-
lars to see the e "serious" films? To watch or 
not to watch. that is the question ... 

The most "Hollywood" and mainstream 
film of the trio is "Awakenings." which is 
based on the extraordinary book of the same 

name by Dr. Oliver Sacks. Directed by 
Penny Marshall, "Awakenings" is a medi-
cal drama about the exploits of a fictional 
Dr. Malcolm Sayer (Robin Williams), who 
miraculou Iy revives a ward of patients 
who were virtual zombies due to sleeping 
sickness. Robert De Niro i uperb in hi 
role as Leonard Lowe. Dr. Sayer's first 
patient and the movie's Helen Keller. 

"Awakenings" contains many moments 
that will astound, stir, and move you. The 
film even contains some good laughs. But 
too many phony Hollywood moments water 
down the film. Penny Marshall, the sister of 
the director of "Pretty Woman," brings in a 
hard-to-believe romance between Leonard 
and a hospital visitor. Furthermore, while 
the film shows Sayer's fellow workers sign-
ing over their paychecks so that the patients 
might have a new drug the hospital is un-
willing to finance, Dr. Sack' book reveal 
that the hospital began to u e the miracle 
drug after the price went down at the end of 
1968. The film ends in true Hollywood feel-
good, sell-outfashion: the introverted,lonely 
Dr. Sayer asks his nurse (Julie Kavner) for 

a elate (hint: he's had hi s 
own "awakening"). 

While "Awakening" is 
a powerful and emotional 
movie that will have mov-
iegoers in tears , readers of 
the extraordinary book 
that's been declared a mas-
terpiece will cry for a dif-
ferent reason: Hollywood 
compromise and sell-out. 

Gibson and Bonham-Carter in Zeffirelli's "Hamlet. H 

Filmed away from the 
eyes of Hollywood. Franco 
Zeffirelli's lavish " HamIel" 
clocks in at two-and-a-half 

HP Calculators -
The Best For Your Success! 

The HP-48SX 
Scientific Expandable 

Calculator 

• Ability to interface with any PC 
.. 8 line x 26 character graphics 

LCD for draw and edit capability 
.. More than 2100 functions 

ONLY $267.95 
LIST $350 r/i~ HEWLETT 

~~ PACKARD 

Check out our selection of peripherals for this model! 

e~",:" .. "" ... .. 
RAM Cards 

HP Infrared Printer 
Interface Cable 

HP Solve Equation 
Library Application Card 

ELECTRONICS DEPARTMENT 534 - 4320 

Williams and DeNiro in "Awakenings." 
hours, about half the time of a complete 
stage production. However. the film re-
mains indisputably engrossing. 
Shake peare's fan mightgaspatZeffirelli's 
"Edward Sci sorhand "-i h style of surgi-
cally cutting down the play to make it more 
acces ible to moviegoers, but Zeffirelli 
knew what he wanted: a version of "Ham-
let" for the "young people of today." His 
movie beefs up the play's themes of sex and 
incest. as well as betrayal and blood. 

Though not a particularly deep Hamlet, 
Mel Gibson is adequate a the Danish prince. 
Gibson bring a sui idal edginess to the 
role with hi physical intensity: he' s a "le-
thaI weapon" whether he's wickedly funny 
or angry. Gib on is surrounded by a superb 
cast. especially Helena Bonham-Carter as 
Ophelia and Glenn Close a Hamlet' 
mother, Gertrude. 

By the time Gib on and Close passion-
ately kiss in their climactic on-and-mom 
bedroom scene, any moviegoer will find it 
ea y to throw out all preconceived expecta-
tions and enjoy "Hamlet" for what it is: an 
engros ing movie for the bard's old and 
newer fans to drink up - poisons and all. 

A harder movie to swallow is Bernardo 
Bertolucci 's ' 'The Sheltering Sky," an 
adaption of Paul Bowles' 1949 cult classic 
novel. The hypnotic movie deals with two 
restless intellectual Americans, Port and Kit 
(Debra Winger and John Malkovich), and 
their total obliteration of personality under 
the pitiles North African sun. 

Filmgoer expecting a happy romp in the 
desert are in for a shock: the unforgettable 
cenery is as harsh and pitiful as the main 

characters. 
Cinematographer Vittorio Storaro floods 

the film with vibrant, intimate images of 
crumbling North African towns and fly-
infested bu es. Filmgoers more attuned to 
feel-good pics like "Pretty Woman" or 
"Kindergarten Cop" may quickly get fed up 
with the film' sterility and harshne . 

This serious movie has everything going 
against it: it's long, there are no action scenes, 
it has a bleak ending, and the characters are 
alienating. Althoughemotionallyempty , the 
movie is hard to forget. Watching the film is 
like listening to a bleak album by the ure or 
Depeche (Depre s) Mode. 

"The Sheltering Sky" is not a good movie 
for an entertaining Saturday night. It is not 
an entertaining e cape valve from the cur-
rent recession or the Gulf Crisis. 

If you're intere ted in seeing how serious 
and emotionally drained a person's soul can 
become, read the book then sec the movie. 
For the Hollywood-glossed film "Awaken-
ings," the same advice: before viewing the 
film. read the bo k that "inspired" the movie. 
Unlike .. Awakenings ..... Hamlet .. works well 
on its own - it's engrossing whether or not 
you're familiar with the play. In the climac-
tic duel scene. I heard orne gasps of shock 
in the audience. Franco Zeffirellt has truly 
ucceeded in introducing " Hamlet" to us 

"young people of today." Now I wonder if 
they can get Demi Moore and Patrick Swayze 
to do "Macbeth ..... 

Horsefeathers 
• Duct Soup 

plus 
comedian 
Fran~ Ferrante 

as Groucho 

Jan. 23 • Wed. • 7pm 
Price Center Theater 

UCSD Sl $2 • G.A. $4 
UCSD Box Office • 534-4559 

presented by Unlversity Events & Student Activities 



II 

4 HIATUS 

Dharma Bums 
Bliss 
Frontier Records 

The mostperplexingthing about 
the second album by the Dhanna 
Bums, Bliss, is that it sounds 
hauntingly familiar. You could 
swear you have heard them before, 
but the name of any si milar group 
or song remains on the tip of your 

tongue. Finally, you realize the 
overall sound of the band com-
pares to that of R.E.M. 

On their debut album, lead vo-
calist Jeremy Wilson did all the 
singing while the rest of the band 
did back up vocals. On Bliss, both 
guitarist and drummer are given a 
tum at lead for a couple of songs, 
This versatility works as a major 
plu for the band. Future albums 
could be remarkably better if the 
other members are given the op-
ponunitie to ing lead. 

Many of the ongs, such as 
"Higher," " Far From Gone," and 
"B-Sting," are unusually hon -
but at the same time, communicate 
meaningful me age. Their lyrics 
cover controver ial issue uch as 
suicide, drug u e, and rape. a well 
a personal problem and un table 

Fuu SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff Tanning System 

THE lARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 
-------------------

1 Month Tanning for $ 3 2 
Call for details E..p. 1/24191 

--------------------Costa Verde Center 
8650 Genesee Ave. SIe.214 
Son Diego, CA. 92122 
1619)558-1858 

The UCSD Guardian 

relationships. This group does ev-
erything but supply easy answers. 
You, as a listener, must search for 
the significance of the title and 
meaning of aimost every song. 
However, that search is well worth 
the extra effort. 

~_L. UdeU 

BuHaloTom 
Birdbrain 
Beggars Banquet 

Every once in a while a record 

Are you allergic 
to pollens, dogs, 
cats, or dust? 

NEEDED NOW: 
People 18 or older with allergies or 
hay·fever or atopic asthma for a 
brief study 01 a new, very km: 

Ia&liDQ.and safe allergy medication. 
U.S. Food and Drug Administration 
approved study.COMPENSATION 

PLUS FREE TREATMENT. 
Phone (619)<457-3270 or visit clinic, 
9834 Genesee, Suite 400, La Jolla 
for free screening test 10 indicate 

degree 01 allergy. 

comes along that rises to the top of 
the heap of "underground rock." 
Buffalo Tom's Birdbrain is such .. 
Buffalo Tom is three-chord rock at 
irs best, accessible from the first 
note and full of sing-along cho-
ruses. Right now there are armies 
of '70s-influenced, grungy guitar 
bands, butBuffalo Tom bears them 
all at their own game. 

Buffalo Tom's songwriting 
owes more to guitar heroes Neil 
Young and Lynard Skynard than it 
does to MC5 or the Stooges. 

They are being louted as the 
nexl Dinosaur Jr., and both 
Birdbrain and their debut album 
on SST records were produced by 
J. Masci ,guitar man for Dinosaur 
Jr. Buffalo Tom drummer Tom 
Maginnis has a drumming style 
irnilar to that of Dinosaur Jr. in 

that he fits in drum rolls every 
chance he get. The imilaritie 
end there. 

Thursday, January 10,1991 

The title track "Birdbrain" is 
destined to be a college radio an-
them; guitarist-singer Bill J anowilZ 
plays the hell out of every churn-
ing chord in that song, Bill 
Janowitz's deep soulful voice fills 
up the 10 songs on this record. 
Their sound runs the gamut from 
precious acoustic guitar to distorted 
wah-wah grunge. 

What et this band apart from 
other bands i soul. When Bill 
Janowitz sings, he mean it. When 
the band plays their instruments, 
they pour their hearts inlo it. 

In a lime when it seems that 
everything has already been done, 
this band plays with enough pas-
sion that they breathe new life into 
hackneyed idea. 

l sugge t buying this on CD 
becau e of the two bonu tracks, 
oneofwhichi acoverof"Heaven" 
by the Psychedelic Furs. 

-Nathan Wilson 

HELP US MAKE A NAME 
FOR OURSELVES ••• 

BECOME A FlnH COLLEGE 
ORIENTATION LEADER I 

Pick up a referral form at Part-TIme Employment for 
job #OW34 78 and return it to the Fifth College 

Provost's office, Building 202 MMC. AIL Fifth College 
students are encouraged to applyl 

THE APPLICATIOIL DIADLlILE II 
FRIDAY, FII. 1 AT 4:30P. 

WHEN WE WANTED A CAREER WITH THE 
Top UIIX SYSTEM TEAM, WE CHOSE SCO. 
~?;?,.L-<-. 
lARRY \lIfUfI.\ 
J'rt:R.kn1 ~,.J rn /11tI"I'T \(n 
, lin m-Ul (~ 111111", (, ( JJ.('f'1 /(j*il 

II()t: SII[lE). U 
IC _ · CIII."'t( I9/111 RO&lIT TARn 

Nil CMm t( / 91<'< 

These computer professionals are working on some of the moo chal-..-J~ lenging, rewarding, and influential UNIXII System development being 
7fIE ~ done in the world today. 
MIKE M1NOIl£ Bul it wasIl 't too long ago that each of them was just like you, wrapping 
CAl fuI} a.c of 1989 up a lot of hard yeaIS Sllldying computer science, and looking for an 

opportunity to tum that effort into a career of working in the best profes-
sional and environmental situation possible. 
And when that opportunity reached out from The Santa Cruz Operation, 
Inc., they chose SCO" hands down. 
If you 're ready 10 join them in Santa Cruz-playing with the top UNIX 

S~ team In the business-we're ready to talk with you. 
You 're invited to an Information Session h~ by members of our Tech-
nical Staff 50 that you can find out more about working with the com-
pany thaI has pul more UNIX Systems on more computers worldwide than 
anyone else-SCO. 
DATE: Thursday, January 31 
TIME: 5:00 - 7:00pm 
PLACE: Price Center, Los Angeles Room 
To discuss career opportunities at seo, sign up at your Career Placement 
Office for an appointment with an SCO recruiter who will be al your 
campus on Friday, February I. 
We're looking for enginee~ in the follOwing areas: 

~ Software Development ~ Quality Assurance ~ Technical Suppon ~ MIS 
Qualifications: 
B.S./ M.S. in Computer Science or equivalent 
Excellent communication skills 
If you are unable 10 meet with us while we're on camptB, please send 
your resume 10: 

sea ea- =~e~!z~lkIn, Inc. _ 400 Encinal Street 
THESANTACltUZOP£RAT10N P.O. Box 1900 
AN EQlIAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER Santa Cruz, CA 95061 

or all (408) 425-7222 ext. 5600 

Thursday, January 10, 1991 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 5 

IS GIVING AWAY MONEY 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with that 
special creative project! U$ GRANTS funds 
projects for all majors. If you have any questions, 
call us at 534-3917 or stop by our office (second 
floor of the Price Center, behind Mac's Place). 

We are accepting proposals for 
Winter '91 Grants, 

Deadline: Friday. January 18. 3 p.m. 

UNDERGRADUATE 
SCHOLASTIC 
GRANTS 

- ____ ... P"W,.,..... ... 

With Accesa Checking from the UCSD Student Credit Union, you won't be nickeled 
and dlmed to death, Unllkl other accounts that ding you a dollar here and there, 
Access Checking hll no hidden COlli. With I low minimum balance. your 
account II FREEl If you do occ.lonilly fall below the minimum, you'll only be 
charged $4- (UnleSS you really 'all below Ind overdraw your account!) 

OUI Access Checkln, ACCDunt Featules: 
• No service fee with $400 or more 
• Eam dividends on balance of $600 or more 
II NO PER CHECK CHARGE 
II FREE ATM Clrd 
II FREE ATM access at all STAR System (R) AlMs 

, • II FREE overdraft protecUon (upon approval) 

-

• FREE 24 hour accounlacceu by phone 

Come In between classes and talk to 

~*." I• UCSD STUDENT II CREDIT UNION 
A It"ici 01 ASUCSO 
LDClIItt In III, 0111 Slullent Center 
T"""o". r"n,xllon .ntl 

Infof'fUIIDn Center: 463-5195 
Rllu .nd Fla AnI Subjlct 10 Chi",' 

Without Prior Notlcl 

I 

COLLEGE BOWL 
WANTS YOU! 

UCSD 1991 COLLEGE BOWL COMPETITION SCHEDULE 

~u~.~ ~ l1!n!t ~Btlon ~2nt!ct 
ThIrd Tue .. Jan. 29 7 p.m. Ocean VIew Rebecca Cobb 

Lounge 534-4390 
FIfth Wed .. Jan. 30 8 p.m. Club Med KJmberly Day 

534-2237 
Revelle Wed .. Jan 30 7 p.m. GalbraIth HaU KIm Kelso 

1438 534-3492 
Warren Thur .. Jan. 31 7:30 p.m. WarrenApl. Scott Parker 

MUir 
Commons 534·4731 

Thur .. Jan. 31 8p.rn. Seqoula Room Karen MIschltch 
534-4965 

PCSD FINALS SaL . Feb. 9 10:00 a.m. Price Center Cove Room 

THE 
CHILDREN'S 

THEATRE 
COMPANY 

MJNNB.A.r'OLlS. MJNNBSOTI\ 

The acclaimed CHILDREN'S 11IEATRE COMPANY of Minneapolis' 
dazzling musical version of Ihe kid's classic, based on the popular children's 

books by Astrid Lindren, celebrates a child's dream for independence, but 
every age can revel in this boislerous, tune·filled production. 

The Original Musical Adaptation! 
A Full Production with Wonderful Set , 

Costumes & Memorable Music!!! 
"The finest children 's theatre In the country. 

perhaps the finest In the world!" Los Angeles Times 

January 18, Friday, 8:00 p.m_ 
Mandeville Aud itorium 

G.A. $15.00, Sr. Cit. $12.00, Children & St. $8.00 
UCSD Box Office: 534-4559 TICK - v!Jsrr;:rI 

• Group Rates Available I ".c::,,,,;.,~':;-. 



\ . 

6 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian 

UUD UNm!I,m fffND. IJ'IIIJ1!If1 Atntltlfl Nmm 
The Gramm, Award-WlnnID. Catun/Creole Music of 

QUEEN IDA & 
THE 

BON 
TEMPS 

ZrDECO 
BAND 

fEBRUARY 9 • SAT.· IPM 
UCSD PRICE CENTER BAllROOM 

G.A. $14 • ST. $10 • fAc/STAff a: SR.CIT. Sit 
UCSD BOX OffiCE • 554·4559· 77COC..,~~ 

"'~':.I.7~"r 

3'5 COMPANY: 
ISAACS, McCALEB 

&DANCER5 
SEASON PREMIERE CONCERT 

Mandell Weiss Center for the Perfonning Arts, UCSD 
January 10, 11, 12, & 13 at 8 pm 

Reserved Tickets: $15 General, 
$12 SDADA & 3's Company Members 

$9 Students & Seniors 
Tickets: TicketMaster 278-TIXS or 2~9523 

"Piqued the imJ1gination . .. Ingeniously surreal . . . " -Dance Magazine 

Thunday, January 10,1991 

MICHALS 
ContJnued from pea- H1 
timeless quality to his wort- that 
doesn't allow it to fall into a par-
ticular genre or a panicular time in 
history. The only Iink!O real time 
that can be made is the surrealist 
tone in his work, showing that he is 
a successor to the movement. 

Michals' work mixes the medi-
ums of photography and the writ-
ten word, which mesh together to 
form visual poetry. As your eyes 
move over the handwritten words, 
they suddenly jump !O the image 
and begin to search for the truths 
stated. Eyes move up and down 
slowly until catChing sight of the 
next work and begin to repeat the 
process. Michals' work is quite 
active in this way . No! only is 
active viewing encouraged. but it 
is qu ickly adopted upon initial 
sight 

The piece enti! led "This Photo-
graph is My Proor' is a brilliant 
example of a moment seized. The 
young couple in the photograph 
stare at you complacently - with 
passi vely pleading for your belief. 
The text is harshly scrawled onto 
the bottom, not neatly typewritten. 
The words seem to come from 

"Michals' work 
mixes the mediums 
of photography and 
the written word, 
which mesh together 
to form visual poetry." 
someone older, wiser. Someone 
hardened by reality. 

Other works in the retrospec-
tiveincludesequence pieces which 
Michals began creating in 1963. 
The sequences range from four to 
20 photographs arranged in a lin-
ear structure with a faint black 
number scratched in theupperright 
comer of each image. 

One sequence entitled "Christ 
Visits New York" offers a satirical 
but humorous look at modernity 
and religion's place in it: "Christ 
defending a homosexual and get-
ting beaten up," "Christ getting 
mugged and shot (2nd resurrec-
tion)," "Christ sees a woman being 
attacked," and "Christ eats dog food 
with Ukrainian woman in Brook-
lyn. '''There is an extreme harshness 
to the thought, the idea of the piece, 
but there is also an overwhelming 
urge to quickly tum the comers of 
your mouth upwards and laugh. 

Michals' Christ as a mere mor-
tal among New Yor!c's millions is 
ridiculed and ignored. His ap-
pearance is like a typical man, 
modest clothes, dark hair, beard, 
and a sweater from Macy·s. He 
looks like every man. He is banal 
to the eye, easily overlooked and 
ignored. If he were around today, 
as the photographs suggest, he 
would struggle in the same bitter 
world with limited resources as the 
Ukrainian woman sharing her dog 
food. 

This is where the irony lies. The 
very obvious becomes subtle and 
quietly mocks itself. Michals is 
once again successful, this time in 
exploring the spiritual and uncov-
ering our hidden place in it. 

Thunday, January 10, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

COURSE 

11m course explores the applkation of 
fem1Ut cddcal anaIy5es 

COURSE 

In cuJtural thr:oty, hiItory, sckntlflc cllscourse, 
and 1itmry critidsm. More spcdfkaJly, we wm c:umine bow gender relations 
structure all mas of lire, Indud1ng the global economy, war and the defense 
Industry, tourism, InlmladooaJ po1itia, nOm, scientific research, census 

rtports, and buraucr.dJc practkcs that we aperlence, COIIllCut to, and 
ClOOkst C1Uf day. 

Pro/euor JlllriD Ternll Korecll 

TuaIday, ThuncIay, 10:00-11:20 ...... 
APM2301 

coane ClOCk: 8638 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

The UCSD Journal of Undergraduate Research 

GET PUBLISHED 
We will accept your research 
papers for any major, in any 
field, including critical essay 
expanded term papers, 
condensed senior or 
honors theses. 

We will also publish photos. 
Entri s should be black and 
white photo , 5x7. 

Deadline for both research papers 
and photos is Friday, February 8. 

Please submit entries to the 
U$ Grants office In the Price Center. 

Any questions? Dial 534·3917. 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

11 



Thursday, January 10, 1991 The UCSD Guardian PHOTO 12 

~ 
... ~ 
... 

... 

... 

... 

... 

... 

" • 
... 

CiJ ... '4111 
D--' ... 
" i ... ... 

Q. 
.... c: 

~. > 
::J 

3 ... ... ~ 5! ~ ~ 
• ~ CD ~ ~ 

!n. ~ ~ 
• ... 

~ 
~ I ... 
I 

C) 

~ III 
<» U 
-

~ ~. ~ 
CD ~ 
:::r :::r 
<» <» 
III en 
iil 0 
~ ::J <» 

~ So :::r 
<» :::r 
(f) iii' 
<» ~ ~ ct> 0 .... 
"0 en 
<D "0 

.... 

::J III 
ct> U co o· a. 
co ct> 
a. :::r 
(5 iii' 
en cO 
2- :, 
"0 c: ::J iil o. !l ~ o· ~ o· 

~ ::J. 

C) 
C) 
II ):> 
-, 

I ' I 
I I I 

1::1 
en 

• 
-==: ~ CD 
C) 
iiJ 

Thursday, January 10, 1991 

GULF 
Contanu,d from page 9 
were provided for students to mail 
their opposition 10 leaders in 
Washington . 

Several studems who had been 
walking by stopped to talk. Dis-
cussion around the table was fast 
and lively. Some students topped 
to listen, othern to add their opinion. 

" According to our media , 
Saddam Hussein is Hitler," a slim 
man leaning on his bicycle said 

"Bush has made up his mind," 
another added. 

"Saddam Hussien is a megalo-
maniac," said a student who said he 
had served in the U.S. Navy. 

"But where were we when he 
gassed the Kurds? If Kuwait had no 
oil ... " someone said. 

"It'~ a Middle East problem," 
said a student who insisted the U.S. 
should not get involved in the con-
flict. "IthinkSaddamHussein plans 
to wipe out Israel, but Israel has a 
strong enough military to defend 
itself." 

The man leaning on the bicycle 
said, "I think there will be fighting, 
but no IO-year war." 

"Let himhaveKuwait," someone 
responded. 

"It's out of my control," stated 
another. 

The feeling of lack of control 
was strongly reflected by 

respondent~ to the Guardian sur-
vey. While43 percentofthosepoUed 
felt that there will be long-term U.S. 
military presence in the Gulf, only 
14 percent personall y supported that 
presence. 

As the debate continues, some 
students are actjvely beginning to 
protest a conflict that has yet to 
begin; others are mobilizing in 
support of the troops there. 

A.S. Programming Commis-
sioner Matthew Schnurer has re-
ceived a student request to place a 
collection bin for goods for U.S. 
troops at some UCSD events, but a 
fmal decision has not been made on 
the matter. 

Thus, while nearly every student 
has an opinion on the cn is, student 
sentiment varies widely. 

In sharp contrast 10 the past de-
cade when UCSD students were 
accused of apathy, with the dead-
line approaching, the campus now 
seems alive with opinions and stu-
dent involvement. 

Thoughts on the Gulf 

" the crisis is resolved 
peacefully, do you think 
there will likely be a long-
tenn U.S. military 
presence in the Gulf? 

43% 
Yes 

The UCSD Guardian 

Music For Your Eyes • 

U2 LAS E RI U M 
What happens when you mix krypton and argon lasers with 
some of U2's greatest hits? You get 
an incredible laser-light experience. 
We call it U2 La rium. You'll call it 
awesome. Call 238-1168 for show-

~H.flUT 51 f'f:6AC"]+-
Th b r f I ntEATDI AND lICENCE CENTER time . en come y lor an eye u . 20'*' discoulIl with studtlll!.D. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

FEATURES 13 

~ 
La Jolla 

HII.§l!!!D" 
For .A. 

STUDY BREAK SPECIAL! 

I 
I 

, 
I 

I 

THIS COUPON VALID ONLY AT: 

Ben Ie Jerry's. 

, 
I , 
, 

4 160 Be,enta Park Bow • LaJolla .887-3680 
( next to Anthony ' 8 ~ the La Jolla. 14arMott) 

I Expires 1/ 31/ 91 !.or - ____________________________ -' 

T.G.l.E You Came. 
You Cranked. You Conquered. 
With Your Zenith Data Systems PC. 

You aced the test. And beat the deadline on that report by 
two days. A great week all the way around. And tonight, you deserve 
to enjoy yourself. But it won't last long. Another paper's due next week. 
Good thing you have your PC. From Zenith Data Systems, of course. 

ZENITH~ 
data systems ~ 

Groupe Bull 

Computer Center 
534 - 4291 

I II ~[l 
I I II II I I II I 



l' CLASSIFIBDS The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth, education, prayer, socializing. 
Connect with Union 01 Jewi8h Students I 
502Ma1thew1; east 01 the PrIce Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521 . (117-31 
15) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Help us make a name for ourselves ... 
Become a Fifth College Orientation 
Leaderl Get referral from Part-time Em-
ployment; bring to FIfth College AdvIs-
Ing, 202 MMC, fO( application. Dead-
line: February 1. (1/10) 

INSURANCE - LOW INSURANCE 
RATES FOR UCSD STUDENTS FOR 
AUTO AND MOTORCYCLE. CALL 
Jessica, 800-457-1234,9-5 (1112·111 0) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15 -word increments. The rale per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
10 The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p,m, Thursdayfor 
Monday's issue, and3 p,m. MondayforThursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads, For 
more information call 534-5416, Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, topf/oor, 

AGAPE BOOKSTORE - Christian 
books, Bibles, gifts, cards, music, church 
supplies. Ask about student discounts 
with Guardian ad. 6904 Miramar Rd., 
'210.586-7818. (11126-1/10) 

Concerned about cults? Need to know 
more? The Cult Awareness Network is 
available to answer your questions. Call 
(312) 267-7777, O(writeCAN, 2421 W. 
Pratt Blvd., Ste. 1173, Chicago, III . 
60645. Message sponsored by United 
Campus Ministry- 534·2521 . (117-11 
14) 
Join the army, see the world, meet 
interesting people, and kill them. (117-
111 4) 
MIDWEST LEGAL PLAN MEMBERS 
now accepled by experienced North 
CountyAnomeyJerryW. Nicholas, 747-
0423. (117-1/10) 

·You can no more win a war than you 
can win an eanhquake: Jeannette 
Rankin (1 880-1973) (In-1114) 
Oasis RSS: FREE - GRE PREP 
WORKSHOPS DIAGNOSTIC TEST, 
Jan 12. Call Reading/Study Skills Cen· 
ter (x47344) to register (11 /10) 
Join UCSD students, faculty, and staff 
and march in the Manin Luther King Jr. 
Parade to be held this Saturday, Jan. 
12 downtown San Diego. Free trans-
portation leaving from the Sun God at 
10:00 a.m., retuming to campus at 1 :00 
p.m. For free T-shirts. sign-up in your 
college's Deans Office. Come honor 
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. (1 / 10) 
Joinusfor an evening of MEDITATION. 
Price Center, Irvine Room, Thursday 7 
p.m. Details 271-4983. (1/10) 
Surf Club Meeting, discuss Winter 
events Thurs 1/10, 7:00p.m. AP&M 
2402. All Welcome I (1110) 

Employment OVerseas (Singapore & 
others), free details. Write to: ISMUHA, 
Robinson Road P.O. Bo)( 0801, 
Singapore. (117-1117) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Coun. 
Student discounts. 558-46441226-1962. 
(9/24-1114) 
WORD PROCESSING, 4.0 English 
Skills, term papers, experienced dis-
sertations, 7-day week, rush jobs refer-
ences 755-2683. (11/19-1110) 
PAPERS TYPED, LASER PRINTER. 
T erm papers , theses, dissertations;fast, 
accurate, reasonable. 270-9416. (11 1 
28-1122) 
Term Papers, MAs, Ph.D.s, Legal, 
and Medical . RUSH JOBS. Call MARIE 
- 931·9596. (117-1/10) 
Study Abroed In Aultralt.- Infor-
mation on semester, summer, J·term, 
Graduate, and Internship programs. All 
programs run under $6000. Call Curtin 
University at 1·800·878-3696. (1110·1 1 
22) 
WORD PROCESSING, EDITING. $21 
page, free pickup & delivery. 7 days! 
week. Irma 453·6282. (1/10) 

TUNE IT UP FOR THE NEW YEAR' 
Bicycle lune-up special Includes chain 
removal & free wheel cleaning. adjust· 
menl of gears and brakes. minor wheel 
tuning, frame & fork cleaning lor only 
$17.99. ATHLETE CYCLERY 277-
6255. (1/10-1116) 

Artists: Have your work documented 
for graduate schoot or for galleries. 
Reasonable prices. 455-6873 {111 ()'21 
4) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: Word 
Processing, Reports, Speeches, Dis· 
sertations, Manuscripts, Presentations. 
Experienced. Laser. Student Rates I 
753-5964. (111 0) 
FREE MOVIE: NO MEANS NOI 
TOPIC: AVOIDING DATE RAPEI 
ABUSE. Tues 1115 SLH 104. Discus-
sion following. (1/10-1/14) 
PRO BARTENDER- Let me help to 
make your neKl party SUC08SSful. Cal 
Matt 558-8528. (1/10-217) 

WANTED 
Addressers lIantr" 'mmecl'-telyl No 
eKper" ence r - 0 try . Excellent payt 
Workat hor . C, ..>I1·free: 1-800-395-
3283. (1112-1110) 
SECRETARY/LAW CLERK - Heavy 
filing, copying, and phones. Good typ-
ing skills required. $5.35 per hour. La 
Jolla Shores. Call 459-4118 ask for 
Noelle or Joanne. (11126-1110) 
MUIR House Advisor applications 
available through 1123. Referral *3462. 
Mandatory meeting: 1/10 or 1123. Call 
534-4200. (117·1122) 
Be an R.AI Revelle college's currently 
accepting applications for the 1991-92 
school year. Pick-up a job referral from 
pan·time employment. Applications now 
available in the Revelle Resident Deans 
office. Applications due January 22. 
For more information, ptease attend an 
A.A. orientation sessioo- Jan. 16, 
5:00p.m. in W.N.H. or Jan. 16 7:00p.m. 
in the Revelle Apartment Lounge.(11 
10·1122) 
Serious Entrepreneurial opportunity 
with financial freedom available. AmbI· 
tlous individuals call 271-4940 or 496· 
3325 for Information. (11/28-214) 

... - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ______ , Wanted: Students who want to maxi-S 00 140 mlze their ~el-1Mm to Ieem I -make their bMt gredM. Third Save College 10: Methods of Inquiry. A BIG on a payofffor2units. That's wily this oourse has a waiting list 50% of the enrollment. 
Present this coupon and save $1.00 when you purchase 
a Charbroiler Chicken Sandwich , regular 

You can guarantee your enrollment 
Spring Quarter by participating in an 
evaluation study this quarter. The 
evaluation survey win take less than 30 
minutes to complete. Come to TCHB 
121 by4p.m., Moo, Jan 14.(1/10) 

The Community Service OffICer Pro-
gram Is hiring 12-15 students this quar-
ter. Pick up referral and application at 
Career Center. Tum in application and 
referral to the Police Department no 
later than Thursday, January 17 at 3 
p.m. Must be available for service 
through Winter Quarter 1992. If you 
have any questions, please call Beth 
534-9255. (1 17-1117) 
SUMMER JOBS (WSI) - summer 
children's camps·northeast --fTl8Il and 
women who can teach children to swim , 
swim team, beautiful pool and lakes in 
the northeast. Good salary, room & 
board, travel expense. MencallO(wme: 
Camp Wlnadu, 5 Glen Lane, 
Mamaroneck, N.Y. 10543 (914) 381 -
5983. Women can O(write: Camp Vega, 
P.O. Box 1771 , Duxbury, MA. 02332 
(617) 934-6536. (117-2/7) 
WANTED 100 PEOPLE. We will pay 
you to lose 1 o-29lbs in 30 days. 1-800-
347-7584. (In-1114) 
JOB OPENING to care for 3 & 1 yr. oIds 
In my home 2 dayslwk, own trans., 456-
1322. (117·1114) 
National marketing firm seeks matuna 
student 10 manage on-campus promo-
tions for top companies this school year. 
Rexible hours with earnings potential 
to $2,500 per semester. Must be orga-
nized, hardworking, and money moti-
vated. Call Lena at (800) 592-2121 eKl. 
115. (1/10-1/14) 
SUMMER JOB. Tennis Jobs - summer 
children's camps-northeast· men and 
women who can teach children in the 
northeast. Good salary, room & board, 
travel expense. Women call or write: 
Camp Vega, P.O. BOl! 1771, Duxbury, 
MA. 02332 (617) 934·6536. Men call or 
Write: Camp Winadu. 5 Gten Lane, 
Mamaroneck. N.Y. 10543 (914) 381 -
5983. (117-217) 
Earn $500- $15OO1_k stuffing eove-
iopesinyourhome. For free information, 
send a long seIf·addressed stamped 
envelope to P.O. BoK4645, Dept. P127. 
Albuquerque, NM 87198.(1 11 ()'1 128) 
Need c..h? We deliver' Domino'. 
PIzU is now hiring for all positions. 
Management opportunities aVailable. 
Complete training program. If you are 
18 years old, have a valid ctivefs license, 
auto insurance, an excellent driving 
record, and aocess to a car. you can: 

Oller valid through February 4, 1991 at the followlDg .. .: 
french tries, and a regular drink. ~ 
carl's Jt.° ileStawallll: 4199 Governor Dr., V ,...----------. Earn up to $101 hr. (total corTll.) Enjoy 
2903 Bwgener Blvd., II< 6788 MIramar Rd. 
Only ooe coupon PI1 c:u.stomer One dbcount per • 
COIIpool. Mol VQIJd with any oII>or 011 .. 01 diocounl Ta. ,. - -., '8 J:r. 

L ncllnchlClocl. C Carl Kon:Mr EntOlllliMs,Ioc:. 1991. uca.L-,a; • --------------------~ 
DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral sllJdents (64-91%), after 
completing tlleir course work. remain with 
a dissertation pending completion inder~ 
nrtely. Among these ABOs (AII·8: 1·th&-
Oissenation) are generally found Ihe 
brightest and mosl creativeQndidates. 
Addressing those elements involved III de-
laying completion, the workshop guides 
pan.cipants, from beginMig 10 following 
tn~ and COITllIetion. particularly afllr 
years 01 Inactivity and regardless d where 
they iTt In the proctSs. 

Workshop information 
985-0426 

Postgraduate Group 

Athlete 
~r;;,~- eyelery 
: ~i ,'-------, 

, ., TUNE-UP \ I \ ~ SPECIAL I ~, S 99 - I f_&f 17 ": ," I 
I I 
I I L ___ ·_ ·~ __ .J 
S,ll(lc,. fl,rrr'c:,c,rf I'e,. Hi:',,' 

; j , , ..••• : •. - =' 
'"," ,-: .- :'.-",' 

SUMMER JOB 
Counselors/Summer Childrens 
Camps/northeast. Top salary. 
Rm/bd/laundry, travel allow-
ance. Must have skill in one of 
the following acti vities: archery, 
crafts, baseball, basketball. bi-
cycling, dance, drama, drums, 
fencing. football. golf, guitar, 
gymnastics, hockey, horseback, 
English, juggling, karate, la-
crosse. nature. photography. pi-
ano, rocketry, rollerblading, 
ropes, sail boarding, sailing, 
scuba, soccer, track, waterski, 
weights. wood. 

MfII call or write: 
Camp WIaadu, 5 Gin Lut, 

~aroaKk N.Y .. I0543 
(914)381-5913_ 

WOlDt. cal or write: 
Camp Yep, P.O. Box 1771, 

Dubvy. MA O23J1 (U7)9~ 

the freedom of being on the road, work 
ftexible hours. APPLY TODAYI 
Domino's Pizza UCSD 3211 Holiday 
C1. 452-UCSD. Please apply after 3p.m. 
(111 ()'6I6) 

<!~T!X 
AGAPE 

BOOKSTORE 
Christian Books, Bibles, Gifts, 
Cards, Music, Cluch Supplies 

1SOA STUDENT o DISCOUNT 
with thIa ed 

6904 Miramar Rd. 1210 
San DIego, CA 92121 
(619)586-7818 

Thursday, January 10, 1991 

SUMMER JOBS (WSI) - summer 
childl'ens camps in the northeast. Men 
and women who can teach children to 
swim, swim team, beautiful pool and 
labs in the northeast. Good salary, 
room and board, traY81expema. Men 
caN 0( write: Campu WIIl8du, 5 Glen 
LIne, Mamaroneck. N.Y. 10S43 (914) 
381-5983. Women call 0( write: C~ 
Vega, P.O. BoK lnt, Duxbury, MA. 
02332 (617)934-0536. (117-217) 

Pro/euor's kids, agee 2 112 and 5, 
need oc:casionaI evening babysitler. 
Must be experietlCed. Call 453-4798. 
(1/1()'1117) 

Immediate openings for two Revah 
Resident Advisor positions. Pick-up job 
referral at part-time employment. Cal 
534-3025 for more information. (111 0) 

FOR SALE 
SOUNDSTREAM 10 in. Reference 
Subwoofer: 200-watts·nms hand6ng. 
Best auto subwoofer available. Almost 
new. $135. 546-0450. (11130-1/10) 

MUST SELL! IBM Compatible Com· 
puter wi printer. $900 o.b.o. Call Song 
792-8493. (117-1/14) 

FO( Sale: BUDWEISER NEON SIGN 
(BRAND NEW) $100 o.b.o. Call Eve-
nings 27()'8918. (1/1 ()'1 122) 

1978 Chevet1e fO( sale. Needs a little 
work. $300 or best offer. 587-8905 
evenings. (1110-1 /14) 

1988 VW Cabriolet. Red wi white top. 5 
sp; 4OK; Cruise; White interior; Excel-
lent condItioo- 453-6663.(1 /1 ()'1/14) 

Paul Simon 8th row center FLOORI 
(Sec. B) 214 tix for 1/20 show. Rows 1· 
8 have special stage access. $1401 
obo. Robyn 483·2564.(1/10) 

1974 Dodge Charger SE. 318 cu.in.V8, 
runs well. Dave453-26161534-7146.(1I 
10-1 /14) 

Camera: Minolta X7OO, SOmm & 200mm 
Lenses. Rash & Bag. $225 obo. Jay 
552·6628. Racing Bike: Centurion 
Ironman 12 spd.Good Cond. $2000b0. 
552-8628.(111 0-1122) 
$$$ for SEXI Leading Edge (IBM 
Compatible) RCD with Citizen 1200 
Printer, Sony RGB MooitorlTV (with 
Remote), Word Per1ect, Super CaIc4, 
all receipts. Worth $3500+. $1100 finm. 
Josh 792-8248.(1/10-1122) 

Futon - beautiful color, special frame, 
upgraded features, steeps 2, New, sac-
rifice $110, can deliver 226-1398.(11 
1 ()'1131) 

QUEEN SIZE BED for sale. $80 000. 
BoK Spring & Mattress. Noel 450-3176 
leave message.( 111 ()'1114) 

BMW,2002, 1975, O(ange, great me-
chanical condition, many new parts, 
needs paint, $1200. Neil 452-7078.(11 
10-1 /14) 

1985 Honda spree scooter. EKcellen1 
condition, low mlteage, recently tuned. 

$32~ Call Steve 455-7063.(1110) 
1980 Toyota Corolla, AUTO, 2dr hatch-
back, Good ruMing condition, new 
brakes, mumer, good tires. Only 105k 
miles. Only $1,300. Cal Frank 632-
8272. (117·1/10) 

FREE 
GRE PREP 
WORKSHOPS 

Jan. 12, 1991 
Jan. 21, 1991 

• Diagnostic test 
• IndMdual profiles 
• Test-taking strategies 
0&.- ............. ..., 
... c..... ... 7J44 

c.I ............ n.y .. 
..................... 

Tbunday, January 10, 1991 

SCUBA WETSUIT: Men's medium, 
jacl<et, Farmer Johns, Hood. Old but 
new condition $100. 458-9867. (117-11 
10) 
LSA T Study Guides available at Revelle 
Bargain Books: ARCO, Cliff's, Princeton 
Review. (117-1/10) 
FUTONS BY WEIGHT. Califomia Ad-
ministrative Code-Title 4 Chapter 3, Ar-
ticle 2, Section 112G, D·lo-requlres a 
fulon's filling net weighl be known. We 
add tlcking (natural) and sell Mons for 
$1.401 pound. (Gross weight on our 
sealed Detecto scale.) An 8- queen, 70 
pounds, 6 layers, is $98. The number of 
layers In a futon Is hogwash. Always 
know the weight to compare shop and 
be sure. For polycorl add $22 ($210). 
Roth's Warehouse, 4807-F Mercury 
51reet. Thursdays, 12-7p.m.: Fridays, 
12-6p.m., Saturdays, 10a.m.-5p.m., 
Sundays, 11 a.m.-4p.m. 292-4873. (117· 
2125) 
5 great bookcases. Custom· made oak, 
like new. $150e8cho.b.o. 459·71 04. (11 
7-1114) 

HOUSING 
Roommate needed, own room with bath . 
Spacious, sunny, new apanment. $3901 
mo. plus 112 utilities. 270-4167. (11126· 
1110) 
Own room in University City home. $320 
+ 1/5 utilities. Available now. Stacy or 
Mariam 455-9580.{1/10-1/17) 

Rooms in new condo East UTC, master, 
own bath, 1-2 people, $800, single room 
$450. 457~. (1110·1124) 
One bedroom apartment in La Jolla, S 
min. from UCSD. Pool, Jacuzzi, weight 
room, sauna. $66OImo. C811 597-0702.(1 I 
10-1/17) 

Come and enjoy living at tun and relax· 
Ing North Mission Beach especially after 
a day ofstudying. Available-1 -2-3 bed-
room aparlments either oceanfront or 
one-block to the beach or bay. All come 
with parking $525 to $1 ,000 per month. 
Call 483-3534 for appointment. (11130-
1/14) 
Own room in nica 4 bedroom University 
City house with fireplace and large back-
yard. Great location only 8 minutes from 
UCSD. Rent Is only $345 and includes 
utilities and laundry. Looking for mature, 
responsible roommate. Sorry, no drugs, 
pets or smokers. Contact John 453-7159. 
(117-111 0) 

Del Mar Condo, 2 brl2ba, furnished, 
pool, spa, utilities, beach. $425 first, 
$850 thereafter. 931-6977. (117-2/25) 

Fabulous home in Mission Bayl 
Clairemont (near Price Club) . Two 
Rooms avail. NOWI $280 per mo. + 1/4 
uti!. Don't miss chance for own room. 
Jim 273-5758.(1/10) 

Master Bedroom $44O/mo. 6 mo. lease. 
University City house. Brian or Stefanie 
455-9580.{1/1 0) . 

The UCSD Guardian 

Single room available to female NON-
SMOKER. S35OImonth +1/4 utilities + 
deposit. Includes wid, pooVspa. 3br, 211 
2 ba house located in quiet La Jolla 
community. Can 587-8982.(1/10-1/17) 

HOME TO SHARE-Del Mar. Spacious, 
Furnished 3 br, 2 112 ba. Overlooking 
beach wI 2 responsible males, near 
racetrack, 10min. UCSD. MlFOK. lfsall 
herel $400. Robert 792-8447.(1 /10) 

Free room and board in exchange for 
part-time chlldcare. Eves, weekends. 
Walk to UCSD. 453-2003. {tn-I l l 0) 

PERSONALS 
Are you paying more than 5 cents per 
gallon foryour drinking water? Call (619) 
259-9066 for drinking water at only 3 
cents per gallon. (1 1/9-1/1 0) 
A career in Student Affairs? Hear and 
inquire the UCSD Professionals. Noon 
1/10/91 . Gallery A, Price Center. (117-
1110) 

·You can't say civilization doesn't ad· 
vance ... in every war they kill you in a 
new way: Will Rogers (1879-1935) (11 
7-1/14) 

SigKaps- Welcome back& get ready 
for a great quaner ... starting with initia· 
tion this weekend.(ll1 0) 
RUSH BETA - Firsl event Monday. 
Stop by our booth for details. (1/10) 

CLASSIFIEDS 15 

Chi-Omega ... 
It's · Red Hot! 

Chi Omega is the nation's largest sorority! 

Join Us! 
Chi Omega will be starting a new chapter at UCSD. An 
infonnaoonal meeting will be held on Thursday, January 
10th. at 7:00 p.m. in the small ballroom of the Price 
Center. For further infonnatlon contact the office of 
Student Activities. 

_ " "a store for everyone 

FRAMING SPECIAL 
$3499 Let us frame your choice of any paster in a black alum inum frame mounted on 

foomboard with glass for only 

NOIIo exceed 2A"x36" . Price doe. nol include po.ler. Offer expire. 2/15/91 

UN'VI •• '" rOWN. CI"",. (Across from The BroadwayJ 452·7755 

LARGI SILICTION 
of prints, posters, jewelry, 
T-shirts and unusual gifts 

the 1.991./1.992 UCSD undergraduate 
scholarship application deadline for 
continuing students is January 31, 1991 

SCHOLARSHIP WORKSHOPS 

Wednesday, January 16, 1991, 5:00-6:00.p.m. 
Thursday, January 17,1991,12 noon-l:00 p.m. 

Wednesday, January 23, 1991, 12 noon-1:00 p.m. 

If you wish to apply and have not received an application packet 
in the mail, please contact your Student Financial Services Office. 

... 



, .' 

.. 

. .... 

" 

.1 , 

16 SPOR.TS 

", __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ • 

I 
I 
I 

I 

1rJM~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively WV and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-------------------------

·Must pt ...... , CO\4lOI1 ono VOId ucso () 01_ of .......... 
Not VOId wilt> "'*' engine Ot ~0t\0fT'dIb'I ,~ 

~ALL ASC 1450 94941 _"~,,r 
... '0110' ....... ~t lit _ 
I~ If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 

About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

L Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE ~ ......... ~ .......... , .................... .. 

The UCSD Guardian 

what the admissions office LOOKS 
for in grad school applicants. 

moo They aren't looking for look aIikes. They're 
after students that stand out. (Note our 

friend with the pennant.) The kind of students that have attended 
The Ronkin Educational Group's Grad Bound program, the'grad-
uate school prep program that not only teaches you how to score 
high on the !..SAT, GMAT or GRE, but shows you how to write 
academic resumes and personal statements that get you noticed. 
If you want to be spotted as a student with potential, head for The 
Ronkin Educational Group. Call now about our firtdiagnostic test. 
• One-on-one attention • Aexible hours 
• Unlimited tutorial • Ongoing diagnostic evaluation 

~ you want to get in, you've got to stald out. 

• lrvine 
(714) 857-3600 

• Mission Viejo 
(714) 768-3600 

• Palos Verdes • \\est Los Angeles 
(213) 544-1700 (213) 312-4900 

• San Marino • \\bodJand Hills 
(818) 308-0012 (818) 884-1166 

• (Formerly )ani'! Ronkin's CoIItge Bound) 

• Yorba Linda 
(714) 5n-OI23 

• Or call 1-800-
2-TESTHIfor 
more Worma-
tionabout 
the location 
nearest you. 

" ' ~ ~ ~' .~.ili"~"""&:"''11 
,.9 ~_ ".~ " 

- . 

.. " 
,;' 

, .. ~ .. 

( 
Thursday, January 10, 1991 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Regulations: 

·SEM>""~YON",~81(l".y 1 1 " SHUT Of 
rAI'D ALONO ... rrn VQUa NAME. YEAR IN SOO)L... 
HOMETOWN.COLUOE me ATru<D ATUCSD. MAJOIt, 
AND """'" HUM .... 10: SPOlln Eorroa. UCSD 
GUAJU)W<. 9500 G........,.. DluVE OJ 16. LA JOI.L.A. 
CA 92093.0316. You CAN I\UD a.DI' ITOfI'IN_ 
Sroan E~'s I()~ AT ntI! GUAIUlW< 0fI'1a. 
LOCATED IN TIlI! Sruo..-vrCE/ma.ACIIOSS FRO" TIll! 
0'1''''. 

·Au. UCSD ST\ID£NTS. rrAFl'. AND FACULTY 
ARE EUOIIl,.E TO £t-'TEA. EXCEM" iOIl G UARDtAN STAFf 
MEMlEJO.. AND O..U;YW Of 8J's Q,lCAOO PIzuaJA. 

• TH£ PERSON WHO ,-'OMES UP 'NrrH ntE MUST 
COM..EiCT SWEllS, AS Df:TfJtMCIIED IV nil: J1JDOE.S. 
WIU. U DfCl.MfD nIB ORAAD I"RJ2E WOClEA AND 
WIU.. itS R£COOItrII2S) "'HEN mE ~lZ IS N.1Hl1!D THE 
fOLLOWINO WEEK. IN niE EVENT OF A TIE. A DRAWING 
WtLL IS HELD 1'0 DETEtlMINE TUE WINNEIt. THOSE 
COIUUiCT ENTaJf.S NOT SEl..I.CTED AS 'MiS OIlAND PlttZS 
WINNER WIU. IE COHSIDER.EO aUNl-ltlS-l/P. 

oONt. Y 0t<I ",",y PU PUSOII PU QUIZ. No 
MASS..fttODUCED I!NTlUES WlU.IE ACCEPra>. ENt.JES 

~ IE AT nt! GUARDIAN IY NOON WEDNESDAY. 
-THE QaAN'D PRIZE WINl-'ER WD..L.ItEC£JVE A REI! 

DINI'olER FOR TWO AT 81's CHICAGO P IZZEIllA . 
R UNNEaS .. UP' WILL RECEIVE A F1t££ PITCHY OP 
M tCKELOIt Du ..... Wl. OR SODA. AT 8J's. LOCATED 
IN LAJ<lU.A VIl.J..AO£SouARE.AWTOfALJ...........s 
WILl.. IE POSTED AT 81's EACH WEE..K AND WMmtS 
NEED TO SIIOW IDalTlFICATJON TO Q.AIM P'tUZES. 

This week's questions: 
1. Who is thecurrent heavyweight 
champion of the world? 
2. What country won tennis' 
Davis Cup in 1990? 
3. Who is the head coach of the 
Phoenix Suns? 
4. What baseball legend was 
recently released from prison to a 
halfway house? 
5. When was the last time that the 
Washington Redskins won the 
Super Bowl? 
6. What was the only major 
college football team to go 
unbeaten in 1990? 
7. Which former San Diego 
Padres pitcher signed with the 
Oakland A's this winter? 
8. Who recently won $2 million 
in a tennis tournament in Germany? 
9. Who is the new head coach of 
the Philadelphia Eagles? 
10. Who is the head coach of the 
UCSD men's swim team? 

The Family of Macintosh Computers 

UCSD Price Center 
(by the Past Office) 

451·0630 

-

Macintosh 
Classic 

The completely 
integrated, 
most affordable 
Macintosh 
system. 

I .. ~I I 
I , II II , I" I 

--

.. &Jt l- I 
Macintosh Macintosh Macintosh Macintosh Macintosh Macintosh 

SElJO Portable LC Usi Uti urx 
The most The desktop The entry-level ~rformance Powerful The most 
powerful Macintosh for Macintosh and flexibility mainstream powerful 
member of the people with color system in our most Macintosh with Macintosh, 
Classic more than one that provides affordable a built-in with maximum 
Macintosh line. desktop. solid perfor- Macintosh II growth plan. expansion 

mance and system. capabilities. 
functionality. 

UCSD Bookstore Computer Center 
534· 4291 

Thunday, January 10,1991 

M.SWIM 
Continued from pege 18 
will play an imponant role in giv-
ing the Tritons the edge over the 
Stags. "We need to uphold that 
tradition," Swenson said. "We are 
the traditional (Division m I power 
on the West Coast. and we want to 
keep it that way. We need people 
to be supportive of each other at 
the meet. Swimming is not an in-
dividual sport, ii's really a team 
sport." 

With a young team, there are 
definite voids which need to be 
filled, specifically the leadership 
roles. 

Team captains Brian Link and 
Pete Smith have taken on the re-
sponsibility of promoting team 
unity and helping the new swim-
mers adjust to college competition. 

Boyd expects this year's sched-
ule. which includes fewer meets 
than in past years, to be a challeng-
ing one, with meets against Divi-
sion I schools CSU Northridge and 
USC. 

But this year's team doesn't 
seem as concerned with winning 
as it does with having every 
member put forth his best effort. 

"One hundred percent best 
times," Boyd stated. "That's what 
our team goal is this year. Wherever 
that takes us, that' s fine with us." 

That's not to say the Tritons 
can't win. Boyd expects this year's 
team to be very strong and to fare 
very well at the NCAA champi-
onships in Atlanta, despite losing 
13 of 16 NCAA qualifiers from 
last year. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Guerdlen File Photo 
The men's swim team placed second at last year's NCAAs. 

Freshman Travis Miller has al-
ready qualified for the champion-
ships in the 100 yard backstroke 
and the 100 yard butterfly. Miller 
is among the talented new swim-
mers on this year' s squad. The 
Tritons also hope new additions 
ludd Blasser and Ryan Chatman 
will make significant contributions. 

Sophomore Mark. Fabien will 
be relied on for points in the dis-
tance freestyle events, as will jun-
ior Jeff Vance in the butterfly 
events. 

Boyd hopes Fabien and Vance, 
as well as freshman sprinter 10hn 
Szymanowski. can make up for a 
lack of depth in other areas, most 
notably the breaststroke events. 

Still, Boyd doesn't like to bur-
den his team with long-term ex-
pectations. "[One of our team 
goalsl is to make sure everyone is 
having a good time," he stated. 
"The only thing I want this year is 
for everyone to have fun and swim 
fast If we do that, then we' ll be 
real competitive." 

Circuit Training For Women 
Thursdays 7-8:30 p.m. January 17-Morch 7 

Insfruclor: Alexia McCar1hy $18/30 . 

Intermediate RacquetbaD 
Thursdays 8-9:30 p.m. 
$24/38 

Hapkido(Korean Martial Art) 
MWF5-6p.m. 

$28/~ 

January 17-Morch 7 
Insfruclor: Tony Nor1on 

January 14-Morch 13 
Insfruclor: Morit Abbott 

Choi Lai Fut Kung Fu(Chinese Martial Art) 
MW 9-10:30 a.m. January 14-Morch 13 
$28/ ~ Insfruclor: Morit Fierro 

Yai Chi I.F. 
Fridays 5-6 p.m. 
$14/23 

January 1 8-Morch 8 
Instructor: Wendel in Valleau 

WILD 
COntinued from page 18 
Take an NBA team, for example. 
That team plays .500 ball, and it 
is not only talking playoffs, but a 
pretty decent seeding in those 
playoffs. Basketball teams might 
as well play the season with a 
reverse philosophy: not to make 
the playoffs, but rather to find 
out which teams do not make 
them. Either that, or just stan the 
season in lune. Nearly all the 

M. HOOP 
Continued from page 18 

On paper, it might seem that 
tomorrow night 's contest against 
the Sagehens might be one of the 
"easy"' road games for the Tritons 
- considering UCSD convinc-
ingly defeated Pomona 86-65 last 
Friday night in the fi rs t round of 
the La Jolla Gas ic. 

But Marshall thinks the Tritons 
will have far from an easy time 
with the Sagehens, and come away 
from the tourney impressed with 
Pomona's inside play. 

"(pomona forward) Bill Cover 
was named to the (LalollaClassic) 
All -Tournament team and scored 
21 points in the game against us," 
Marshall said. 

Marshall also thinks his Tritons 
are the better team on paper, but 
admitted that it doesn't guarantee 
a road win. 

"When you go to play on 
someone else's court, they auto-
matically get six to eight more 

SPORTS 17 

teams will be competing. 
At least major league ba eball 

hasn't gotten to this stage yet, 
although futu re expansion will 
undoubtedly put the possibility 
on the table. A baseball 
postseason with wild cards 
would take away the tradit ion 
and the thri ll of a pennant chase. 
It would be tragic to see this kind 
of thing happen. And if it does, 
I'm moving to Brazil. 

] heard the ir soccer league 
doesn't have wild cards. 

points than if you played them at 
home," he noted. "We just have to 
be sure not to let down against 
them." 

One fac tor that could work 
aga inst the Tri ton for the re-
mainder of the season is a sudden 
lack of depth at the point guard 
position due to the recent injury of 
backup playmaker Chris Ressa. 
The freshman from Los Gatos has 
been sidelined for two weeks due 
to a potentiallly season-ending 
knee injury . 

"Our team trainer thinks it 
[Ressa's injury) could be a tear of 
the anterior cruciate ligament," 
Marshall said. "But we won't be 
sure until the test results come 
back." 

In the meantime, Ressa's re-
placement , freshman Rodney 
Lusain , has filled in admirably and 
was an integral part of the Tritons' 
La Jolla Class ic win. 

"Rodney will really have to step 
in and do the job for us now," 
Marshall said. 

Tap Dance 
.Mon~ 8-9:30 p.m. 
$24/19 

BegiMing Fencing for Adults 
Wednesdays 7-8 p.m. 
$25/35 

January l4·Morch 11 
Instructor: Debbie Trujillo 

COMPUTER FuRNITURE 
FOR HOME AND OFFICE 

S Aerobics ;~4-5P.m . 
$25/42 

Saturday Aquacize 
Saturdays 11 a.m .. Noon 
$11/17 

January 16-Morch 6 
Instructor: Alison Reid 

January IS-March 7 
In$tructor: Lindo Sundstrom 

January 12·March 9 
Instructor: Yvette Mitrani 

NOTE: The first price listed is for UCSD students and RecCard 
holders. Enroll for !he above classes 0( a myriad of o!her RecCloss 
offerings at !he Conyonview Rec. office, 0( call 534-4037 for more 
information. 

AVAILABLE AT THE UCSD BOOKSTORE 
Electronics Department 534 - 4320 

WC'" • NnQ . ",.,g, 

L.lCSD 
I U H u< ! • I ( ]I U 



18 SPORTS 

SPORTS PHILLER PHIL GRUEN 

Wild Cards Make 
Playoffs Too Wild 

TillS IS GElTING RIDICULOUS. No, no - cratch that Thi is ridiculou . That i , 
of ourse, the NFL's wild card 
sytem. Considering the 1990 
regular ea on, let' take a look 
at this possible enario: 

Suppo e the Ram had beaten 
the Saints on Monday Night 
Football during the la t week of 
the ea on. A Ram ' victory 
would have meant nothing in 
tenn of their playoff chance , 
but it would have allowed the 
Cowboy, a 7-9 - 7-91 - team 
to reach the playoffs. And then 
uppo e the Cowboys had beaten 

the Bears ... and then the 
Giants ... and then maybe the 
4gers ... well, you get the picture. 

A s FAR as I know, a team with a 10 ing record h 
never made the NFL playoff . 
And it never hould. But if the 
y tern stay the way it is, one 

will. If Dallas had reached the 
playoff and marched right 
through to the Super Bowl, 
nobody would be talking about a 
Cowboy 'dyna ty or a return to 
old, familiar Cowboy form. No. 
A Cowboy Super Bowl victory 
would leave people cratching 
their heads, pointing to luck or 
mi haps by the oppo it ion a 
reasons for their achievement 

In mo t ca e , thi type of 
thing doesn ' t happen. Since the 
NFL created its wild card 
play ff format, only once ha a 
wild card team rea hed the 
Super Bowl (the Oakland 
Raider in 1981). In fact, some 
powerful divi ion winner may 
relish the idea of a wild card 
team to fea t on before playing 
the game that really count. But 
by creating an additional wild 
card spot - which the NFL 
implemented thi eason - the 
chance are increa ed for an 
entirely undeserving team to 
succeed when it count . Even the 
Ram were in the running for a 
pot until very late in the year. 

F ORTU ATELY, this year's third wild card in each 
league - the Saints and the 
Oilers - are already out of the 
picture. But suppo e the Dol-
phins beat the Bills, or the 
Redskins beat the 4ger this 
weekend? What kind of a pool 
doe that leave us with? Hell, the 
Redskins weren't even suppo ed 
to beat the Eagle . 

But the NFL's system i mild 
compared to that of the NHL or 
NBA. You talk about ridiculou . 

See WILD, Page 17 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian 

the OLD, and the NEW 
• The UCSD men's swim 
team is facing a young 
team, a new coach, and an 
old nemesis in 1991 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Writer 

In last year' NCAA Division ill 
Champion hip , the UCSD men's swim 
teanl fell just hort in an attempt to unseat 
perennial swimming powerhouse Kenyon 
College of Ohio. Crie of "Wait 'till next 
year!" loomed over the pool deck and in 
the mind of fonner UCSD Head Coach 
Bill Morgan. 

Well next year i here, Morgan is gone, 
and the Triton have set their ight on a 

new eason a they open against 
Claremont College on Friday at the Nata-
torium. 

This year' team has a long way to go 
and a lot of experience to gain, as only 
nincswimrnersretumtothe25-mansquad. 
Despite having uch a young team, first-
year Head Coach Doug Boyd is ap-
proaching the team's first meet and the 
season with enthusiasm. 

"[Claremont] has got a pretty good 
team thi year. It 's going to be a real good 
meet for u ," Boyd stated. "We're going 
to be ready for it" 

Claremont i UCSD's traditional West 
Coast rival. Boyd aile! Assistant Coach 
Darrell Swenson feel that team support 

See M. SWIM, Page 17 

Tritons Hope to 
Roast Sagehens 
• Preview: Men's hoop hits the road 
with a playoff berth on the horizon 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

Tomorrow night, the UCSD men' basketball team starts 
a key tretch in its drive toward a second consecutive NCAA 
Tournament appearance with a 7:30 p.m. game at Pomona-
Pitzer. 

The Tritons will be playing seven of their next 11 contests 
away from the friendly confines of the UCSD Main Gym and 
can't afford to take any of their upcoming road foes lightly 
if they hope to reach the postseason. 

Even though the Tritons boast a strong 11-3 record, 
UCSD Head Coach Tom Marshall believes his team needs to 
accumulate 20 victories in order to ensure a postseason invite 
from the NCAA. 

That means the Tritons will have to win nine of their last 
II games in order to ensure themselves a return trip to "the 
big party." And thi will be no simple task, considering the 
caliberofsomeoftheirupcomingroadopponents-highly-
rated Claremont, traditional rival Menlo, and always-tough 
CSU San Bernardino. 

Thursday, January 10, 1991 

Women's 
Hoop Hosts 
PLNC, Azusa 
• Preview: Tritons hope to 
avenge opening loss to Crusaders 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Editor 

Opening night for the UCSD women' basketball 
team was not quite what it expected. 

In fact, the di heartening 85-54 loss to Point 
Loma Nazerene was a rude awakening to a team that 
was expecting big thing in 1991. 

Two and a half month later, however, the Tritons 
are boasting an 8-4 record and a recent second place 
finish in their own tournament. 

UCSD hosts Azu a Pacific University tonight, 
and Point Lorna on Saturday. Ironically, it was the 
team's early loss to the Crusaders that stimulated 
improvement in the Tritons ' physical and mental 
game. 

"The team wa shocked," Assistant Coach Jan 
Martin said. " [They] thought they were much better 
than they were." 

Eleven game later, the Tritons have undergone a 
face lift and hope to heal the scars from the first game 
of the season, in which UCSD had approximately 35 
turnovers and shot only 31 percent from the field. 

"Their full-court press made us tum the ball over 
and we missed all our shots," Martin said. 

UCSD, which brings an 11-14 lifetime record 
against Point Lorna into Saturday's game, hopes to 
cut the number of turnovers from the first game in 
half whHe taking advantage of its improved shoot-
ing, which in recent games has been as high as 50 
percent, according to Martin. 

"Everyone is playing 100 percent better, " Martin 
said. "We're not intimidated anymore." 

Although Martin anticipates that the team will do 
well and she expects the Tritons to win, the two 
coming opponents are not to be taken lightly."Both 
will · be tough," Head Coach Judy Malone said. 
"Azusa is always physical ... always very strong." 

The Tritons lost to Azusa last year and are 4-9 
lifetime against the NAIA team. 

"We're starting to playa very aggressive defense 
and have improved all over," Malone said. "I'm 
looking forward to uccess." 

AI".. 
See M. HOOP, Page 17 Tom Shawcroft and the Tritons Ble driving for a second straight playoff bid. 


