
.OPNON 
W.iaoftlla~ 

by quIIIMa ~ moraUty. 
Did we Ii" cIipInnMcy a 
cblnce1 Ate we killin. 
lamceal people. or is die 
...., ........ it 
dlll1"Nl1 Are we proeect-
iDa dImocIKy or our own 
1IIf-i ..... ,1a dda WIr 
WOdb dJIDI MIPAGE 4 

.... l1li ...... Sal Dieao 
...... But SlIt 

........... 

Atkinson Attacks New State Budget; 
Warns of New Fee Increases, Layoffs 
• Staff and faculty salaries could be frozen, fees could jump by over 20% 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
called Governor Pete Wilson's 
proposed 1991-92 budget "the worst 
budget in modem history" and a 
"disaster" at Tuesday's meeting of 
the Academic Senate. 

Atkinson's remarlcs followed a 
memo he released last week in which 
he outlined the systemwide effects 
oftheproposai, which allocates $295 
million less than the $2.5 billion 
requested by the UC Regents as a 
bare minirnwn operating budget. 

'''The governor's proposal has the 
effect of reducing UC's base budget 
by $176 million - a reduction that 
equals the combined operating 
budgets of the Riverside and Santa 
Cruz campuses," Atkinson said. 

"Faculty and staff salaries would 
be frozen at their present levels, 
student fees and tuitions would in-
crease 20 percent, and graduate en-
rollments again would be held at 
present levels," he explained. 

Associated Students President 
John Edson had warned earlier that 
in actuality, students may be facing 
a fee increase of up to 40 percent. 
Atkinson concurred with Edson's 
prediction, saying that he would not 
be surprised if the regents submitted 
a fee increase of over 20 percent in 
response to the budget proposal. 

California's Long Term Student 
Fee Policy (SB 1645) limits fee 
increases to no more than ten percent 
per year. 

However, according to Vice 
Cbancellor of Undergraduate Af-

Br.." MorrIaiGuardian 
On the Road-A lone man walks along the new access road 
to the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, still under 
construction. The road is located across from Revelle College. 

Graduate Students Debate 
Resolution on U.S.-Iraq War 
By Rachel Blackburn 

Stsff~ 
Despite a long debate on the 

positive and negative aspects of the 
war in the Persian Gulf, UCSD's 
Graduate Student Association 
(GSA) has decided not to take any 
stand on the conflict until its meet-
ing next Tuesday. 

A resolution submitted by GSA 
President Daved Fremont attempted 
to cover a wide range of issues, 
including a condemnation of the 
U.S. House and Senate for inad-
equaIe debaIe preceding and fol-
lowins the deployment of troops to 
the Middle East and a call for an end 
to aU military operations in the re-

gion. Fremont's resolution also dis- · 
cuues the Israeli military occupa-
tion of the West Bank and Gaza 
Strip. 

Many graduate students were 
divided IS to wheIher the issue was 
really of any concern to the GSA 

SeeOSA,plg8e 

fairs Joseph Watson, the law would 
not prevent an increase of 20 per-
cent or more. 

"It is my understanding thal the 
governor's budget includes a pro-
posal to suspend that law," Watson 
said. "I think thal the regents, given 
the budgetary situation, will not only 
agree, but will raise fees even more 
[than 20 percent]." 

Atkinson expressed in no uncer-
tain terms that UCSD wouldexperi-
ence stafflayoffs, program cutbacks, 
and delays in the planned construc-
tion of certain facilities, such as the 
Social Sciences Building and other 
classroom buildings, the Campus 
Services Complex, and the Vaughn 
Hall replacement. 

"Relatively, we're still in good 
shape if this is only a one-year phe-

Guardian File Photo 
Chancel/or Richard Atkinson 
nomenon," he said, indicating that 
state-funded universities could be 
in trouble if future budgets reflect a 
trend of diminishing state support. 

Fusion Energy Consortium 
Picks UCSD as Site Finalist 
• San Diego, Tokyo, and Munich will 
vie to manage high-energy research 
By ErIc Schmidt 
Staff Writer 

Top scientists may coordinate 
the design of a nuclear fusion reac-
tor in UCSD's backyard, according 
to officials from both UCSD and the 
United States DepartmentofEnergy . 

San Diego was chosen last week 
over three other U.S. cities as a 
possible location for an international 
fusion research and development 
program. 

The United States, the Soviet 
Union, Japan, and the European 
Community will select the final site 
for design of an experimental fusion 
reactor as early as February, as-
suming the United States decides to 
take part in the project. 

Other possible locations for the 
central management of the program, 
known as the International Thermo-
nuclear Experimental Reactor, are 
in Japan near Tokyo and in Ger-

many near Munich. 
According to Lindy Nagata, spe-

cial assistant to UCSD Chancellor 
Richard Atkinson, physicists and 
engineers from the UCSD f~culty 
would team up with top scientists 
from all over the world at a site near 
campus - possibly at Torrey Pines 
Center- if San Diego is selected. 

Nagata said UCSD administra-
tors have been pushing for consid-
eration of San Diego for the past six 
months. The design of a nuclear 
fusion reactor in the campus area 
would greatly benefit UCSD, she 
added. 

If San Diego is chosen, UCSD 
and the UC system would benefit 
from increased prestige, according 
to Dean of Engineering M. Lea 
Rudee, who said the project would 
"increase [UCSD's] visibility." 

Rudee said that the project will 
See FUSION, Page 3 

TOP 10 MAJORS AT UCSD 

~~~~ !b~VIl~I~!l~jftl~laI111083 
~~I~ tlM!Mjru~IViKI~J!I~ 999 

PSYCHOlOGY j!l~I}~VI~lfIl~1!MIl953 
~~Eg n'~iHU'~'}~ 616 BIO CH~MISTRYi I~BB\ 566 

CELL BiOlOGY 'JUll A 
COMMUNICA~~ KI!MJIM 408 

ECONOMICS ,~I~IU!I367 
ELECTRICAl ;f~ aila ~ 

ENGINEERING : AJl'i. 11 347 
SOCiOlOGY :b~M 331 

ANiMAl . 
PHYSIOlOGY ' 

330 Source: UCSD Registrar's 0tIice 
(As of Fal Quarter, 1990) 



2 NEWS 

Study Shows Unav..·. Milling 
Mass ContaIne Brown Own 

AIIlwomea •• LoaAllmoa ....... LIboI*Xy1Dd 
MOICOW'slaatituteforNucarRe.elldlcfaimedJan.17 
... mcedna of die American AlIma.,.... Sociaty ... 
befaft plaxiel or pIaxy em.. ... bmed, die __ 
Vale spawned COUIIIcIs "'brown dwadi. .. 

A IIUdy made by die two JI'OUIII of R' [ , ... iDdi-
catellllllibeunivene'a"miuiniu... "or .. dlltlllllllr." 
COIIlainI many brown dwarft - .... mucb IIDIIJer and 
IIlIIIY IiDa fIIiDfer Iban the IUD IIId lbeaeflOiC ex1Iemriy 
diftIcuII to deIecl. 

1bIa new IIUdy IbowI bow very 1IDIll ........ 
smaIIesluplter, wculdnalUrlllyfonnwtdUntbeprimMI 
cIoudsofhydroJalps tba& aeuledafterlbo Bia Bqaad 
pve rile to the pIaxies we see lOday. 

"om. plactic liiio& can CODIIin a lipific:ant number 
of these Iow-mau objects formed in protOpIacdc PI 
befOR die fonnatioo of the pIuies dIemaelvea," said 
Leonid Ozernoy of l.oI AIamoI. 

Ozerooy and V~. Muk.bInov of MoIcow I1Udied die 
behavior of mauer after the Big Bq bid evolved ... 
cooled sufficientJy b bydroaen .... 10 form from Ibe 
expanding iaoi.zed plasma. 

AI. dI8l time, il is believed. larae c:loudI of byclqeft 
separalCdfrom tbeirc:haot.k: su.rmmctiop andoootrac1ed 
undcrtheir own gravity . These clouds formed tile galaxies 
and c1USlers of galaxies now sprad dJroushout space. 

Ozernoy says they inIend to test tbeirproposal for how 
low-mass stars form through an analysis oltbe efl'ecu of 
deOeclion ofligbr by neutral 1I00000and rnoIecuIes widIin 
&be CMtnICIing cloud of bydrop arcms and In1ense 
phoIons by lICCOUDIina forc:oolinaaodb8adoaprooesscs. 
including the effecls of collilions berween c:ontnICting 
clouds or between die clumps widIin llin&Ie c1oud. 
Study Probes Mystertoua Plasma 
Object at Center of Milky way 

An analysis made by Leonid Ozernoy of Los Alamos 
National Laboratory, also presented lithe meeting ofabc 
AmericanAslronomicalSociety(AAS),indicarestballlla 

The UCSDGuardian 

_~ ............ ( .. ".lobjegt.aarplay·'c.lMril 
oaJy 1 few buadnId .... die .... ~ die ...... act 1 
IUpCIV I'vebllck bale ........... ·Iwt 

BIobI Gf .... ......-aYejeI:IId .... CIII MiaJ Way". 
c:enIrIl objeclIlI'C'¥IdIIddielOOll .............. ...... 

TbDpJ ...... ..,.... .... I990MSlla ... '" 
FllbldYUIeI-ZldebalNaab...-n UaiwniIy._ .... 
...... _IbIy ..... ..., •• bal~ ...... 

0bIerwdaaI fA die ... eaIbIId 0IIIID0J ... YUIIIf. 
ZldebIO_rwopwwlM""W'oNfarlbeMillyWay·. 
ceoIrIl ob,ject.. 0 "pr111dio IOUI'Ce kDowD a 51&' ...... 
A* (JnnocaIIdtfA _"). 

TbD_umwa..".. ...... bilrtboleor. fIIIlidIY ...... ...., __ ... 1bBClllllllobject. Bodl 
modeIa ............. IIada ....... larlbeolilc& 
~1boul3001iDI1be _fA .. ... 

"TbiI1IIIdy lUlesoutalllpelll1*lhe bid .... iDaccar-
d8acewilb .. ...,.~IIIIlyIiaI ... Itl~""').a 
.. -o-aoyllid. 

AItI •• .,.... ... ~ for....,,.. dIIllbe ceanl 
object ..... be ..... _il. aiDioa 111De11IqerMilbe 
IUD. 

PIeriousolllel' .... uaedlOsuppIIt .. lIIOCIDllDdudeIJ 
.. \IIIIona~ ....... .,.COIDiDI ...... pIIcdc~ 

Oamoy CCIISidenMI bolla I_ ..... M bIIct bole 
1IId. WI'J ~ ..... poIIibIe IGURlefAlbe ......... 
tbebiackboielDOdel.lbepa.mawouldbeejeclecla..diIt 
olm.w II'OUDd 1 blPbole. 

PorIbe_lIIOdeI,lbeplMmawouldJaultfaa ......... 
ejccdoaa fnIm. npIdly IUIdna. rMpe'ized object 
Computer IIodaII of San Frlricllco 
Bay Show CIrcUaIIori, SalInIty, 11dee 

DeaiJed ccmpIIer models ~ SIn Plinciaoo Bay - cJe. 
ICIibiaa ill _ c:in:uJaJD pIIIenIS. aad uIIDity - bawl 

beeD~ by fedallCidi .. willi tbebelpmtbeCRAY 
Y-MP8/864_dleSia DietoSupeRxM', u.Cearcr. 

1bemoclelsare beiasuaed bylbe scieadIIs 10 piIllbeller 
undenIancIio&rl1bB~otlbec:oqk....,.. UJd. 
maIIDly, Ibis tDowIecfet ... prove beIpftd.ill ..... die 
impIct of. VIdecy of IDIIHIIIde dvidaI CIt tbIa VIluIbIe 
eIXJIYIfaD. 

"We're usiD& die auperot ... oueer· to aa-IID deaiIed by-
drodyIamicmoclelluJWlol ..... iu .... k ••• cyplOject 
dIat includes tile IIUCtiea ol bioIoIY and ~ Gf Ibe 
ecosyIIietD. "1IidRaJpba.:ac.projectc:biefwidllboNadoaal 
Rtsemb ProatIi1l, Ibe WfItZ Raoun:es Divisioa~tbe U.s. 
Geological Smvey, based in MeoIo Pm. Calif. 

"Our inunediarc pis aretoquaadfy circulIIioo pIdemS, 
dlepropagation~ddesin1bebay,andtbebldllpOlt~DIIbiem 

Surfing conditions: 
GOOD 

'Ihunday, January].i, 1991 

"'p1a~',.-orwbal __ Ibe"*'P"'''''''iD 
_~-"'addecL 
". .......... oldie.." QiIIIIC:lIbe SIcIi-

....... _ .... JUwaIOIbI ... OceIa.PIeIb 

......................... ......, ..• 
bddalt .. _il ... lldfor..,.,. ........... 
SIn "1: CHan FGnmtDAM \-
a..1IJI 1 ... of Drug Pt'. '&I-

UCSDPt. G .af~"'$i .. 
IIDIlDI·JlllllloteIqIntwbo ... ·P , .... ....,,_ 
........... !. p ....... JIIlIIIic~. 
M.1 .......... ll.1I1 Illy • . 

n. ....... ,. ............. _~ 
",.w. ... ,. 1" ~qJ 1-... .. 
S.,,""'oa.wiIlW4 ....... h ...... rat"" 
bDwtolClllll ...... ,IDII .... ~._ 
.. to .... ... 

AIDaII.,..~Dr.$ .. ""' ..... u. 1 ~dIva~ .......... far .. s.~ 
OIuII)'Dtiw_of .. ~Sto~ .. 
pIo)W ,.-...... ,., ... 1bIaa,of~ ..... 
JoAaD It-. pdaItaJ ... cu .... fbr chi'. 1IcoboI...., ........ fw1beQiU.a-
.. eadaD~_)aS..,.. TIe,...., 
tor wiD be ArdJIIa Sbaw.aec:uIM 11,1 ...... .., 

~TIw s.~thtilo& 
n. ..... will ." WI ...... 6;30-".30 ,... ill" 

IfI'tlDBay.....,.oI ........... liI .... 
opal 10 ilia pubIk: butpQar .......... r«, p I 01 
UCSDE .... 1Iioa .534-3400 ... ..... 
o.pall'iMt otCl .. ,by 9 ........ · 
For the Weak of Jan. 28 - Feb. 1 

1beDepldmeal~~wiDboJdlbe~ 
..... Delttweet: 

• Moaday - Jao..aIUd CIoaInI milia UJIivaIiI6 
Reo6 DeIc:IuteI I...IboiIWiIe de 0Iimie et Biocblmie 

P1uml'MloslqucsetT~~wII 
am • lec:IuN CID '1nJD CampIex.ea of. TfAnimidwole 
LipadaMQdeJs for1heLipoxy_ActiveSite. "'1'Ilo 
...... pJace ...... HID l04lt4p.m. 

• n.day - Alex HIrriI of ATI(f BeD ... wiD 
.... 011 "Surf8ce VibrIIiaaIl )Waldon by IDfrMd. 
'YIIibI.e Suaa~OeMaIiooa "'lbelecture will be 
heId.4 p.aa. ill 11XJIIl210l mUtwy RIIl1. 

• Friday-Suua KalrJadch~UCDrril will apeak 
CID '7be Syndais and Owl'l!Clelizatial m Scme Novel 
Taa.y 'I'rmIidon MecIIa PDic:tides and Oxida." 1be 
leclure will be beJd in PeIenon Hall 103 .. 4 pm. 

GTheUCSD DAB DIAN 

1bandaJ, J.....ry U, 1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

\\[D\£ C,[)I\\ S :\SSOCIl\!FD STLIOE \TS i\lFUI\C 1\ Hf?I~r Calvin and Hobbes 
." Bill Watterson 

Appoi ........ : 
• Uri Feldman, to tbe c.q,u. Connuniry PIaDnina Commission 
• Pmllio Bruna. to AS. RuIea ('anmittllC 
• S'" Malek. to AS. Media Cnmniu. 
· S'" Malek. to AS. Exaema1 Omninee 
• Susan Ledwith. to AS. Personnel Committee 
• He8Iber Lindquist. to AS. External Commiaee 
• Mary P. Dtaet. 10 Alcohol ct: SubsIInce Abuse Awareness Committee 
• HeadIer Lindquist, to A.S. Pa sOllnel Committee 
• Poncho Guevara, 10 A.S. Rules CormIiace 

AIIocatioal: 
• $100 (20 panicipllllS each) from General Unallocated for Vision '91 

Leadership Conference, Satwday. Jan. 26 
• $7.5 from GenenII Unallocaled for A.S. campus newsletter 
• $2..504.7.5 from Fall Quuter TIpsy Taxi budget to Winter Quarterbudget, in order 

to continue the program 
- Sheryl Wolcott 

TUESDAY S ACADEMIC SENATE MEETING IN BRIEF 

Amendmenll Approved: 
Amendments to Bylaw 24.5: Student Affirmative Action. As requested by the 

Conunittee on Student Affumalive Action. the amendments delete mention of the 
EducarionaP Opponunities Program and the admission of special action students, with 
which the conunittec is no longer involved. 

PI .... Approved: 
Proposal to establish a joint Ph.D. program between UCSD and SDSU in Math-

ematics and Science Education. 

FUSION 
ContInuecIfrompage1 I 
"bring a munber of abc very best I 
sdmrilllandengineenfromallover I 
thewodd." I 

- Sheryl Wolcott 

..it 
-.. {~ ... . -

BRAKE JOBS 
starting at 

$24.95 

Some of the project scientists I 
and enaineers may offer special I 

upper~visiOlland graduatecoorses I 
while working near UCSD. In addi- I 
tion. a few UCSD faculty membm I 
and graduaIe students will be ~ 
volved in the concepcu.l design of I 
the nuclear fusion reacror, which I 
could provide • "cleaner" form of ,·1 We offer Free Services ..• Brake Inspectlon ... FREEI 
energy to the world. I Towlng .•• FREEI Front End Safety Inspectlon ... FREEI 

Physicists and science fiction I - Complete 4-Wheel I 
writas have long dreamed of sus- I I 
taining nuclear fusion reactions to I Alignments 
produce energy fastcrlban it is uscd S· Balan..l_- I 
by the reactor. A fusion reactor II FREE ESTIMATES pan ---. I 
would creaIe much less waste and NO OBLIGATION I I 
enviJollmellta1damagethancwreol I I 
fission reactors while producing a I STUDENT DISCOUNTS! 8680 I 
IargellDOUDlofenergy.Energy from I Bring this ad. Offer expires 311191 " I 

• 11- I =::naw:::.~-: I :::211.8-5 695·2331 AUTOMOTIVE ~ I ! r 
atoms. I Only 7 miles from UCSDI Take Miramar Ad, lett on Camino Ruiz, then left on u v .. Dt. _lid. 

The goal of !be progIBlO is to I Written guarantee quality partS. Miralani Drive, up hill to 8680 Miralani Dr. Suite ml in back. I 
design and eventually build a reac- I torthalcan bold theMOnlS within a L ___________________________________________ ..I 
strong magnetic field. In the hot •• 
gases enclosed in the fields, scien- •• - ••••••••••••••••• r-------~ 
:Se=':,=~::: = UCSD GRAND OPENING : For your 
COIJIJ'OL. • convenience 

The site selected for the central. • I 
coordination of the project's design • RING THII AD FOR A 1~ DISCOUNT • call ahead 
phase will be in use foraboul five to • I 455 7229 
six yem. Durina tbaI time, all ~. We have our unique line of La Jolla T-Shirts,. • 
search, developmenl, and ~ • Tanks Knits H ts T Is B I tualdesignmdensineerin8sbou1d " a , owe , ags, 
be completed. • Flyers, Stationery, etc. • 

Costa 
Verde 
Center 
west of 

UTe 

The four pannen in the project • PLUS I 
will then decide whether to use die • I 
designedreadlX'oraaaptheprojecl • Visit the Rose Bay Gallery, La Jolla's I 

.. Best Mexlan Food In San Diego" -KFMB-lV. Channel 8 

Aa:ordina to Rudee, only con- • own affordable Art Gallery including • 
ceptual design and project coordi- I UCSD artists • 
DIllion occur at !be selected site. AD • • 

Fresh, Healthy and Authendc 
Specializing In charbroiled meats and 
vegetarian Items, with no fried foods 
~~~~~~~. I 
cent of the ensincerina and con- • 1 00/0 OFF* 
ceptual problems wiD be worbd I 
OUI in labs in the puticipetin, I • 
COUDIries. No fusion expel mleillS I I 
would aclUdy be carried out in the I I 

. .,.. .... ..,_ ..... I!*W. 

vicinity of UCSD if it is choeen • I I 
the central sile. I I I EnJoy one complimentary menu I BurrIto c.r"e I 

FedenI nep.1Died of Energy • 1M I I Item when a second menu Item d I Rk:e, bIIck beIns, lettuce. guac.amo/e. I 
ofticWs seIec:Ied SIn DieJo. Com- • I I equal or sremr value Is I sour CIeIIII. sIIsa and arne asada or I 
panies in San DieJO, inc1udinl • Houn: Mon.-Sat. 10 8.m.-4 p.m. I purdIased. &1 chIcIrenln.IIour~3" &1 
Oenenl Electric and aa.aI Dy- ... soft drtnk 

. couldaJlo ..w-. die. n31 Fay Ave., La Jolla, CA 92037. (619)454-2360 II NII ..... ..,_Gllir..... _ I NII ....... ..,_ .... .,I!*W. I 
IIIIDICI. pII ___ lD. &,.., .. 1 ~ &,.2I1!11tl ~ ~~ - •• --•• - •••••••••• _ •• L _________ ~ _________ ~ 



OPINION 
4: OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 24,1991 

COMMENTARY 

No Retreat, No Surrender, No Compromises 
• Dictators of the world beware, the war in Iraq is an example of new world justice 

"Tu only thbtg MUSUUJ for the 
lrilurtph 0/ evil is for good men 10 do 
nothing." 

- Edmund Burke 
It seems that good men are deter-

mined to top the triumph of evil. 
Hostilities have finally begun in the 
war which Iraq declared upon the 
world on Aug. 2. 1990. After giving 
lroq five months to abide by the will of 
the United Nations, the allies arrayed 
against Saddarn Hussein have been 
forced to free Kuwait with military 
muscle. 

Iraq has proven that it willI\()( abide 
by the will of the world and insists on 
holding onto its ilI-gonen gains. This 
cannot, and will not stand. With 
devastating effect, the air forces of 
seven allied nations struck against Iraq 
with tactical surprise. 

I take this moment to applaud our 
forces for their excellent efforts and 
their dedication to this nation. 

There is no doubc that Saddam must 
leave Kuwait and do so uncondition-
ally. This has been agreed upon by 
virtually the entire world, as well as by 
94 percent of the American public, 
according to a recent USA Today/CNN 
poll. The reasons for this have been 
debated for so long that they have 
become common knowledge. 

The ideal solution would have been 
a diplomatic one. Unfortunately this 
failed. Saddam was given numerous 
opportunities by the Arab League, the 
U.N., the European Community, non-
aligned powers, and the United States, 
Saddarn would have nothing to do with 

PERSPECTIVE 

peace. 
Had Saddam left Kuwait uncondition-

ally, violence could have been avoided. 
Saddam wanted this conflict - and now 
he has it. 

Sanctions were a joke. Sanctions have 
never been able to force an occupying 
force out of a country, and never will. 
While these sanctions were effective on 
paper, they never had a chance in the real 
world. 

What is left after diplomacy and 
sanctions have failed? 1bere are essen-
tially two choices: tight or flight. The 
world must either put up or shut up, so to 
speak. To shut up would bode ill for the 
future peace of not only the Middle East, 
but for the rest of the world. To put up 
may be costly in the short run, but it is 
only a fraction of the cost which retreat 
might bring in the long run. 

Iraq is on the receiving end of a 
devastating response to its aggression. I 
have a great admiration for the Iraqi 
people who are willing to face this 
onslaught. They bravely state that they 
will never yield, and this may be true for 
some of them. 

'Assailing the New 
Jingo Mentality 
By Clitherlne McEnUre 

Blind devotion to politicians basDOd1ing 
to do with democracy and freedom. Ques-
tioningthedecisionsofleaders is theepitome 
of the ideal American cIwacter. So, all of 
you self-proclaimed patriots should never 
make the mistake of calling those who are 

COMMENTARY 

intelligentenoughtoexen:isethisrigbt"anti-
American," for it is they who embOdy all 
that Americans are supposed to be, all that 
we say we are. 

A "couotry"shouldnotbesomeabstl'ac. 
tion that you identify yourself wid! and 
stand behind and cheer for at all c:osts.. Our 
"country" is made up of people, your fellow 
Americans. our servicemen and women 
whose blood will be spilled. "-'ho will be 
maimedandkiJledaodcmodonaDyscamd, 
and that is where my concerns and loyalties 
are invested. How _ George Bush goon 

• naIiooal televisioo and iDliDUIIr tbIt 1boIe 
who ~ against the war are qaIost our 
soldiers? How dare be twist everything 
around? Ililbewhohlsdccidedtbalthelives 
of these men and women ~ expendable, 
and it is we who are questioning the 10-
called "inevabiIiry" of this war. 

Ale we It war because it was truly ua-
• ~Oraewellwarbec:auleOocqe 

Bush is a failureatconductingsoundforeign 
policy? Iso't he the one woo ignored Srace 
Department warnings against selling anm 
to Iraq? Isn't he the one who sent me initial 
message .to Hussein that me Bush adminis-
tration didn't care about Iraq's monetary 
dispute with Kuwait-thatinter-Arabcon-
flicts were nO( our govemrnaJt's concern? 
Had Saddam known he would be facing 
U.S. opposition, would be have still in-
vaded? Everyone knows Saddam Hussein 
didn't overrun Kuwait in order torescucthe 
Pa1estinians,sowhatwaswrongwilblening 
him have his "linkage" if it may have saved 
American lives? Iso't a Middle-Easlem 
peace conference on tile post-war agenda 
anyway? Did we try to get the Israelis 10 
agR!C to one? 

Eilberway,Saddam"savesface." Anile 
baa 10 do is holdout fora few weeks agaiDsl 
the aII-powerlW and evil United StaleS in 
ordertoDJal't)1:bimselfand beoomeanArab 
hero. Of c:ouno we could vtIY well caD him 
die loser if we succeed in killing him. al-
lhougbaccordingtoBusb,ourforces"aren't 
targeting any individual" (ub bub). And 
don't bother pointing out t1w the Ieadas of 
other I1IIioos ~ chanting in unison wiIh 
Bush. It's very a&y eo say 1bIl w.- it in-
evitable wbea someooe else wiD .. daiD& 
tbefigbling. NoOlber leaderbls«'ii,dcted 
bitCl'berllOq1llOtbc ............ 

But, Iraq has never faced a force like 
the force before them now. Iraq is strictly 
a local power and it now faces the 
combined air and land power of 12 allied 
nations. 

As I write this, Iraq is being pununeled 
by allied air power. This assault is the 
most forceful ever used in the history of 
manIcind. And there is more to come. 

This war should continue unabated, 
and the anack.s should increase in 
intensity. This is the most effective way to 
win the war. Thus far,lraqi losses have 
been mosdy limited to military targets, 
and this trend is likely to continue for the 
foreseeable future. American precision 
weaponry is doing its job and inflicting 
maximum military damage, with mini-
mum civilian casualties. 

Yet, war is an ugly, brutish business 
that is rightly hated by many. This war 
should be ended as soon as our strategic 
goals have been achieved. The only 
question is how to end it. 

Capitulation will not be an option for 
America. We must fight until we win or 
can fight no more. A peaceful settlement 
is impossible. For Iraq, the choices are 
equally limited. Iraq must swreoder 
unconditionally. It should be bombed until 
it does so. Saddam Hussein must be 
neutralized - either killed Or put on bial 
for war crimes - in order for any peace 
to be a lasting one. 

If Iraq fails to surrender, America 
should tum it into the world's largest 
parlc:ing lot, leveling every incb of the land 
and turning its rivers red wilh the blood of 
dead Iraqi soldiers. Iraq should be used as 
an example for future dictators: "Ooo't 

even think of unprovoked aggression 
and expect to succeed." 

Following Iraq's defeat or surrender, 
all Iraqi soldiers and officers who are 
guilty of war crimes should be tried and 
punished. This should begin with the 
bial of Saddam Hussein himself. 

As to what to do with Iraq itself, that 
is for the U.N. and the Arab League to 
decide. It is under their authority and 
their invitation that the allies are 
liberating Kuwait. 

In the current situation, America's 
action is clear. We must continue to act 
as a principal member of the allied 
coalition, and maintain our bombard-
ment of Iraq. This action should have 
the support of America and its citizens. 
1be democratic process has run its 
course, and Congress has voted for 
war. 

As Americans, we should dem0n-
strate our suppon for the troops and for 
the nation's policy. Peace activists have 
the right to continue protesting -
indeed. I would be worried if they 
stopped - but should remember that 
they represent only six percent of the 
American public, and should be judged 
accordingly. 

1be war in Iraq is something that I 
have long felt inevitable. I had hoped a 
diplomatic solution could be found, but 
was resigned to see this nation go to 
war. War is in our long-term interest, at 
this time. We must terminate the Iraqi 
threat to world stability. This is 
unquestionable. 

Yet,I still watcb CNN nightly, and 
See WAR, Page 5 

Thursday, January 24, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Thoughts on the Gulf War, Protests 
Editor: 
, "There is a way that seems right 
to a man, that in the end leads to 
death." - War in the Persian Gulf 
wiu lead to death! 

A couple of weeks ago, I at-
tended the peace rally and teach-in 
at Mandeville Auditorium. I was 
encouraged by the anendance of 
over 1,000 people, and I think that 
this was a step in the right direction. 
Al the event, several statements for 
social justice and peace were pas-
sionately exclaimed by students and 
guest speakers. My heart broke as I 
Listened to the past and present dam-
age that has and will occur in this 
world. People at this rally wanted to 
make a difference, and I believe we 
did and will continue to do so no 
matter what the future holds, but I 
feel that the value of human life and 
the authority by which we claim to 
have hwnan rights was neglected. 
We need to address these issues 
because of what is taught in the 
classroom. 

AtUCSD, we sbould all be aware 
of the teachings of the biology, 
psychology, and other science de-
partments that claim that we are 
fixed into a materialistic, mechanis-
tic, and detennined stringofnature 's 
offspring. Weare machines thathave 
evolved from inorganic matter that 
has come into being under chance, 
ideal conditions. These random 
conditions produced a product 
without an intelligent mind as a 
driving force for its creation. All of 
this is accepted among the "intellec-
tual"communityandmanystudents. 

How can we claim to be in this 
detennined evolved state and at the 
same time, claim that we as humans 
have certain rights as living organ-
isms? The intellectual community 
is demanding that we are 
consciousless machines, and what 
would give a machine the license to 
call for peace in the world or for any 

PEACE 
ConUnued from page 4 

would not have sent 400,000 troops 
to the Persian Gulf in order to fight 
for the freedom of the Kuwaiti 
people. If we bad that kind of altru-
istic govermnent, we would have 
long ago sent in our troops ' to help 
free the blacks in South Africa, the 
oppressed campesinos in El Salva-
dor, and the brave Chinese youth in 
Tian An Men Square. 

I'm nocsaying that SaddamHus-
sein didn't need to be stopped 
somehow, but p1ease,let's keep this 
in perspective! I'm tired of Bush 
and others exploiting the pligIU of 
the Kuwaiti people in order to make 

themselveslook~eberoes.Andlel 
me point something out to all you 
idiors eagcc to giveAmericans a bad 
name by taking this out on Iraqi 
citizens and residents of the U.S. It 

/ is the people of Iraq who are the 
number one victims of Saddam 
Hussein's brutal regime. 

Reach out to them, and let them 
know that the United States is not a 
nation of bigots! Show them we are 
better people than Saddam Hussein 
and his thugs! I feel a sense of out-
rage when I hear that George Busb 
is "at peace with his decision" and is 
"sleeping well." He should be 
damned frightened. as am I. for my 
friends in the Persian Gulf. He should 
be on his knees praying that they 
come home alive and well. And 

other human right? This greaI peace 
rally promoted human rights and 
peace in the world, but why are 
certain human rights justitied if we 
are all machines fixed into this 
evolved system? 

Social justice has evaded our 
consciencesesfortoolong. We have 
carried our greed, our goals, and our 
gain under too many names for too 
many centuries. 

Now that we have gone to war in 
theMiddle East, we need to hope for 
thenearestend with the leastamotml 
of casualties. In addition, we must 
reconsider what this life we have is 
about; otherwise, we might mind-
lessly leave this waronly to find that 
the real problem still remains. I ask: 
What really mallers 10 you? and 
What should we Iwpefor? 

I respect and care about the sol-
diers who are over in the Middle 
East fulfilling a comrniunent they 
have made to the United States. I 
support them, and I hope that they 
all come home alive. 

I believe that human beings have 
been created with a purpose. I be-
lieve that there is hope and social 
justice for minority groups, the im-
poverished, and for hurting indi-
viduals in this world But I don't 
believe that this hope would come 
out of a war in the Persian Gulf, or 
any otfier selfish attempts of man. 

I believe that there is hope that 
comes from absolutes that justify 
peace and human rights. This hope 
does not stem from politics, religion, 
or philosophy. This hope does not 

since I cannot sleep, he shouldn't be 
able to, either. It's not that I believe 
war is never justified. In moments 
of honest reflection, I know that I 
believe it is. Butwaris ugly. Iris not 
glamorous. It isnot"cool", as I have 
been hearing people say, that we are 
dropping bombs on the people of 
Iraq. And I am tormented, not only 
because people I know may die, but 
because I find myself surrounded 
by action-crazed fanatics who do 
not have any conception of the hor-
rorofwar.1r is not a sportingevem. 
It is a spectacle of bloodshed. of 
death, of destruction. 

It is not just the "enemy" who 
will die. Colonel David H. 
Hackworth, one of the most highly 
respected military men of our day, 
asserts that when the ground war 

-begins, we will lose 200 men an 
hour (lVewsweek,Jan. 21,1991).50 
for God's sake, have some respect 
for b\UD80 life and stop trivializing 
the plight of our soldiers with your 
''kick-ass"mentality.AndGodhelp 
you if you are entertained by this 
war, because you belong to the same 
species of man as Saddam Hussein. 
I. too hope that nobody blames our 
soldiers for what amounts to a po-
liticaljudgementcall.Let userOOrace 
them and cheer for them when they 
retum. Not so much because they 
have fought a war and are heroes, 
but because we are damn glad to 
have them home! 
c.ttwtne McEntIre Is • Muir ... 
nIor mafOrIng In Anthropology 

superimpose a certain culture or 
economic establishment. This is the 
hope that comes from salvation, 
through faith in the reconciliation of 
man to God by love tluough the 
bloodshed of the son of God: Je us 
Quist. Social justice and true peace 
will come from action on this hope 
foretemity. 

Rand Tucker 

Editor: 
We cannot change the past. We 

can only formulate ideas in the 
present and set goals for the future. 
The question which must be exam-
ined is, when does the present be-
come the future? 

Protests show an uneasines in 
the present path toward for the future. 
Whether it is a civil rights march or 
an anti-war demonstration, the ulti-
mate goal is to change the direction 
set by the planners of our lives, i.e. 
the local or federal government. 

To be successful, we as protest-
ers must realize there is more than 
one side to an issue, and, more im-
portantly, more than one issue to a 
major problem such as war. Here is 
where protests can be most produc-
tive. Organized protests can really 
show the scope of the problem by 
going deep into all the issues. 

When we protest a war we must 
be realistic and understand that the 
troops will not be brought home 
immediately. We must focus on ex-
posing the deep, often-hidden issues 
that brought on the war. Once these 
are peaceably exposed, they can be 
dealt with by the public. 

In this way only can we hope to 
prevent the corning of another con-
troversial war. 

Most importantly we as humans 
must remember that the present be-
comes the future every second, and 
to ensure ajust future we must strive 
to amend the problems of the present. 

Jeremy Haas 

WAR 
Continued from page 4 

watch as the war drags on. I seethe 
homes of people who had no say in 
the war being destroyed by Scud 
missiles and stray iron bombs from 
allied aircraft. I feel pity for the 
poor souls who never have had a 
vote in their lives and are now 
caught in the middle of a war they 
never wanted, all because Saddam 
Hussein wouldn't admit that his 
invasion of Kuwait was a bad idea, 
and refused to make amends. 

Still, I am in favor of this war, 
despite its costs. I am reminded of 
a saying that an ex-Marine told me 
while we were discussing his time 
in Vietnam. He told me that "there 
are no innocents in war, only the 
bodies." That expression sums up 
war - all wars. They kill a lot of 
people and they are always cruel, 
harsh actions. 

In this war, we fight to prevent 
future wars. We fight to send a 
message to the dictators, the Hillers 
and Husseins of the world. The 
message is not the message of 
Chamberlain and appeasement. It 
is the message of Bush, Major, 
Gorbachev, Kohl, and countless 
others. Aggression will not stand. 
1be world will stop it and its per-
petrators will be punished. 

We stand on a tuming point in 
history. Only this time, we will 
stop the fascist at his own border. 

OPINION 5 

___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ .. -

~ Master Mechanics 
====== exclusively V\N and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
------------------------

~ ~r COI.!)OI1 end VOId ucso D or ,.". Of"-. 
Nor ¥Old wIfh '"'*" engine Of IJOIWTirIIon repQrs. 

r ~ CALL ISNIA I ~ 1450-94941 !!!!""~ 
_.-

" You Have friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT nlE 

1991-1992 WARREN COLlEGE 
RESIDENT ADVISOR POSmONS 

.. ~,..\~~~ 
• • 

INFORMATION SESSION TONIGHT: 
January 24 at 8 p.m. in the Warren Commons. 

Successful appJicants must have a OPA of 2.5. 
Preference will be ' given to students with 
strong leadership records and campus 
involvement Pick up a referral at career 
services prior to applying at the Warren 
College Resident Dean's Office. 

For More Information, call: 534-4581. 
Deadline to apply, 4:30 p.m. January 31, 1991. 



6 NEWS 

Complied by IC.m KonIon, ..... .." WrlIIr 
........ ..., ..... ,_'1: 
8:04l.1li.: I. 11185 CIIIwy YIn diad willi IIJrMgI10tplid bqdI. 
,,:30 l.1li.: A twdIIg _ NpOIIId IIDIIn ~ I .., INIIDIr 110m CennlIJlrIry on 
1115.U._ 
2:30 p.m.: A...,.. .... in Lot 305 .. fIPIIIIId IIIIaIIdmd on 1115. u.: S4OO. 
7:09 p.m.: A ~ ".... NpOIIId alIDIIn lUll from BsB. u.: $110. 
"..."JllLI7: 
2 p.nL: A ..... bitydI_ NipCIIIId IIaIan fram in !lin aI BIIgII HalIIIIwIIn 111 2 and 
1117. U. '130. 
3:30 p.m.: A AIdn ..... a biqdllIaIan nm in !lin aI TIoga Hal. u.: S3OO. 
6 p.nL: A ~ nwNIIr'l WIIII_ NPOIIId"" from .. ...., ~ L..: 1275. 
Fttday,"" 11: 
,:30 p.m.: A ...... bicyde -1IPOI1Id AllIn from .. TOII'Iy PhI CtnIIr bIMen 11 
17 and 1111. ~:S300. 
4:30p.m.: A 11187 Mazda _ .." 110m ~ JoIII VIIgI DIM and II JaIl Scerir: DII\iII. 
u.:,s.oOO . 
...." .... ,t. 
m p.m.: SIn Diego s.II'I DIpnnn IICINMd .. ,817 MlzdlIIIIIIIn on 1111. and 
noIIed ..... . 

~m.: A .......... _ ~ bugIIrtr.d in loI305. u.: 150. 
,JalLa: 

6:50l.1li.: A....,q phone caI_ ~ ItCMd II .. W-1tI. ... trM'II ...... 
,,:30 l.1li.: A 11187 Maidl323 _.." !rom .,. Ao.I t.tw.l1118111d 11'6J. u.: 
15.000. 
'2 p.nL: A lid la81 Mazda_ NpOIIIdIy ~ Ire on AIIIIr* RollI bIIIIIIn 1118 and 
112fJ. 1..-: 1IIIIing""" 51 50 in cIImIga 
"""",JalL21: 

9.~ .. m.: A Pdc BIll ~ tIIIphonIwa fIPIIIIId IIDIIn tom .. Sl.dIrC <AnIIr ~ 
KSOT t.tw.l1111 and 1114. u.: $ISS. 
4:40 p.m.: SOPO I8CIIMrId .. 11187 Mazda 3231111111n 1119, and noIIIId .. _ . 
5:20 p.m.: SbIInII NPOIIId IQMng obIcInI phone cilia II ~ ~ 
T .... ,JllL2Z: 
'Dam.: A AIdn ~ ......... aI ti"PO'lld" hi 01 CIIh. u.: $32. 
":43l.1li.: A AIdn 1IPQIIId" hi! ala ~ II .. MecIc:II TIICIing FacIIy on 11 
20. No '-_ fIPOIIId. 
3 p.nL: Art Irinown pnon bRIIIa .. Inn MIdIIiIId 01 .............. GlC on.,. 
RoM. 

Music For Your Eyes. 

U2 LASERIUM 
What happens when you mix: krypton and argon lasers with 
some of U2' greatest hits' You gel 
an incredible laser-light experience. 
We call it U2 Laserium. You'll call it 
awesome. Call 238-1168 for how-
times. Then come by for an eyeful. ~=::::= 

!!~. 
ecopy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Garnet Avenue 

~r Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

SUMMER JOB 
Counselors/Summer Childrens 
Camps/northeast. Top salary. 
Rm!bd/laundry, travel allow-
ance. Must have skill in one of 
tbefollowing activities: archery, 
crafts, baseball, basketball, bi-
cycling, dance, drama, drums, 
fencing, football, golf, guitar, 
gymnastics, hockey, horseback, 
English, juggling, karate, la-
crosse, narure, photography, pi-
ano, rocketry, rollerblading, 
ropes, sailboarding, sailing, 
scuba, soccer, IrICk, waterski, 
weights, wood. 

MfD call or writt: 
Camp WIlUlda, 5 GIH Laue, 

Maaaroaea N.V., 10543 
('14)381·5913. 

WIIIMII cd or wrItt: 
c.p V .. P.O. BaIt 1'771, 

om.r,. MA 1m2 ('I7)93U5l6. 

Tbc ucsnGaardiaa Thlll_,. Jmuaryu, 1991 

GSA: Grad students debate war resolution 
Conanued fronI ..... 1 
Political Science gJWIuIre SIUdImI 
Paul Bykamp said dI8l die GSA 
should not be speaking for SlUdenIl 
011 inIemational issues such .. the 
war,eapccWly whiJe~~otber 
organizations more capable of 
bandling such isauea. 

"It ia easy to tee wbicb local and 
sweissuesa1fectgraduate Sl!!dem, 
but Ihis is not clelr over iDtema-
tional issuea, "Bykampsaid. "MMy 
otbercouotriea are atberdirecdy or 
indirectly involved with die U.S., 
and we could be cIraftin& reao1u-
tioos such as this unIil Doomsday." 

'1n die case of a dnft we would 
have the n:sponsibility to act 011 

bebalfof ............... bulwben 
it doeID't affect us lID)' more !ban 
otbercitizens, we are DOIjuIDfied in 
spendina io much lime and eoeqy 
011 it, .. budded. 

Other representatives echoed 
Bybmp's ,11I.,meoll. Some felt it 
wrona and even offensive of the 
OSA to claim it can iepieaeul the 
political opinions of gnduaIe stu-
den1I, while ocben qllCSCiooed the 
ability of the association to come up 
with. CODIeIISUS 011 the issue given 
the diversity of opinions within the 
group. 

AnumberofiqxesaDtivessaid 
that the resolution should become 
the work of the newly formed 

ITIS COMING ... 
SOON 

Graduate Studeoll for Peace (GSP) 
organization. OSP w.. allocated 
starting funds during Tuesday's 
meeIing. 

"We're crippling ourselves by 
takiDa this 011- we don't have Ibe 
time. The graduate student orpni-
ZIIion furpeaceia betteFpositioned, .. 
araued one student. 

"Our f1mctioo sbouJd be to en-
courage graduates to participate in 
Ibe organization." commented an-
otber. 

Premont argued !bat it ia Ibe 
missioo oflbe GSA to discuss whaI 
studenlS have oolbeir minds and to 
represemlbese interests. 

He said Ibat, given the great deal 
of inreIat in what ia happening in 
theGuJf, itia thepJaoeoftheGSA to 
table • resollltion cooceming Ibe 
issue. 

''To say we're not affected is 
absolutely nuts," Fremont said, cit-
ing the $ I 7 billioo budget deficit 
and Operation Desert Storm's $1 
bil1ioo-a-day pricecag. 

Fremont added that he never 
expected the resolutioo to stand 
exactly as it had originally been 
drafted, but that what he wanted 
was to open up • forum for discus-
sioo and debate 011 the issue. 

Other representatives echoed 
Fremont's belief that it is an issue 
the GSA should take up. 

"I am outraged that we are not 
taking immediate action given that 
people are dying - it's a naive 
notion to say that we shouldn't dis-
cuss and make political decisions," 
one student said. 

Debate will continue on the 
resolution as the GSA attempts to 
reach a consensus on the issue at a 
special meeting of representatives 
and all interested organizations nex, 
Tuesday. 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(~c;onsuIUIIIOtIllrtd '"'IUII ~II U ml" . S20 1JG1w. /o"/'SI-II_ ~ 0"1y.)' 

112 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 

6\"' 
P 

• American M~icaI Association 
approved methods for problem 
cues and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• FemaJe staff, Slate lie. ~cians 

558-0888 

FEATURES 
Thursday, January 2., 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Backcountry 
• Mountain bikers escape 
civilization on Otay Mountain 
By Kent Konon 
Senior Staff Writer 

There's no doubt that mountain bikes are fast becoming a popular fonn 
oftransponation. Just look at any bike rack around campus. 

Yet so many of the e are shiny and clean that it makes one wonder 
whether the only dirt they see is between Peterson Hall and the Price 
Cenier. 

Those of you who indeed use them as they were intended have probably 
explored the local Rose, Tecolote, and San Clemente Canyons. These 
provide good trails, but their close proximity to railroad tracks, freeways, 
and homes culS into the ride. 

Similarly, restrictions on biking in the scenic (except for the newly 
constructed tract housing) Los Penasquitos Canyon Preserve have placed 
limits on speed, and on the number of Irails open to bicycles. 

While all these areas provide good riding for bikers at every level, their 
riders cannot escape the city. Fortunately, a half-hour drive from UCSD 
is all that's needed to leave civilization behind. 

San Diego's vast, rugged inland has a lot to offer the outdoor enthusiast. 
There's no need to shell out a lot of money on weekend trips elsewhere to 
enjoy the outdoors. 

Green vaUey Falls and Stonewall Peak in theCuyamacas, Mt. Woodson 
near Poway, and EI Cajon Mountain near El Cajon are a just a few of the 
places in San Diego County where hikers and bikers can enjoy a relatively 
intact wilderness. 

For much of the year, however, it's just too hot to spend much time in 
these inland areas, unless the prospects of heat-stroke tum you on. Oclober 
Ihrough May (Le., now) is the perfect time to explore San Diego's 
backcountry . 

One such trip is to Otay Mountain, localed in southern San Diego 
County (for dilections, see map). II's an ideal area for mountain biking. 

The full trip wiD take you on lhe Olay Mountain Truck Trail, which zig-
zags up the soulb ridge to the summit. It's approximately 14 miles round-
trip, and there is a net gain and loss in elevation of 3,100 feet. 

This trail has something to offer every rider, whether you are just a 
beginner Oi.lte the photographer on our trip, UCSD senior Rimas Uzgiris), 

See THRASHING, Page 8 

FEATURES 7 

Photo. by Rim .. UzglrlslGuardian 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD Student Makes Scientific Discovery 
Linking Genetic Mutations with Evolution 
By Naveed Merchenl 
Guatdian Report., 

Most UCSD students work hard to 
graduate, but Gerald Pao, a Third College 
junior, works harder on his own studies 
than for his classes. While he's willing to 
wait for a diploma. his independent re-
search has already paid off. 

Making breakthrough discoveries in his 
biological research, Pao is capturing more 
anention than just the raised eyebrow of 
his professors; he's capturing headlines. 

The January 1991 i sue of Molecular 
Microbiology features Pao' s discovery of a 
muwion in a tranSfer prolein in DNA, 
which is the first step in a series of muta-
tions that lead 10 evolution. 

"The actual discovery was aduplication 
in certain protein, and that duplication has 
several consequences," Pao expJained. 

"But what happened was this protein 
has two part that I discovered. The origi-
nal protein had three parts, and the modem 

, , I asked [Professor Sayer] if 
such an experiment had ever 
beencb1e. He said, Well, no .... 
Doyouwanttodo it?'And I said, 
'Yeah,m 

-Gerald Pao 
protein underwent a duplication to now 
have Lx pans." 

During hi research, Pao was not en-
rol1ed in IndependemStudy because he did 
not have upper division standing. 

"This was my own re earch. I did not 
receive units for this; I wasn ' t even enrolled 
in Bio 199," Pao said. 

What prompted Pao to pursue his own 
research? 

During one leclUre, Pao recall ,"Profes-
sorSayermelllionedsomething and I asked 
him if such an experiment had ever been 
done. He said, 'Well, no, it's never been 
done. Do you want to do it?' And I said. 
• Yeah.'" 

Pao's curiosity fueled him enough to 
spend 40 hours a week in the research lab to 
get his experiments done. 

II is thi kind of self-reliant approach 
that typifies Pao ' s personal educational 
philosophy. 

Asked how he sees himsel f in relation to 
other students. Pao said, "I don't think 
about it much, but I don't fit into the cat-

egory of pre-med majors. Most 
people study for the class. but I 
go off and study on my own. 1 
just want to know the answers 
to cenain problems, and if it's 
not in the textbook, I have to 
flOd it out" 

"I'm no( the kind of guy who 
is into classroom study. I'm not 
that studious type," said Pao. 
"Of course I work a lot, but I'm 
son of independent, floating 
around. doing my own SlUff." 

"I study for the hell of it. for 
my own sake. I'm still studying 
more for myself than for my 
classes," Pao said. 

Pao's interest in biology be-
gan in sixth grade when ius 
mother would buy him colorful 
science books every week. 

In Spain, where Pao grew 
up, he "was never much into 
studying. People said 1 was lazy. 
butldoo ' t think I was lazy. I was 
just alway doing something 
else," he said. 

Pao recalled that he spent 

Den IIIt:OotNIIi Guardian 
Gerald Pao, although taking classes, focuses 
heavily on independent research. 

more time in Spain lifting weights and 
modeling for one of the counuy's oldest 
modeling agencies than he did on his inde-
pendent biology studies. 

"The way [Spanish] society is built, 
you're not supposed to do research, so you 
just don' t do it," he said. 

Pao continued to pursue his intere ts 
when he came to UCSD ju t over one year 
ago. Having experienced German school-
ing and Spanish cuilUre, Pao, himself of 
Chinese descenl, was fluent in five lan-
guages and ready 10 do his own research 
even though he was only a sophomore. 

He pointed out three personal tenets that 
account for his success. 

"One i that I am always thinking my 
biology. I am generally interested for my 
own sake. Two. I know what I want, I'm 
focused [on getting into a good Ph.D. pro-
gram]. And three, I think I have my priori-
ties straight for what 1 want to do, so there 
is hardly any effon for me to go to the lab. 
1be effon I have to have is to study for my 
classes." 

But with spending almost 40 hours a 
week in the research lab, sometimes sleep-
ing there, Pao flOds it hard 10 maintain 
balance in his Ii fe. 

"IT you want to do research, you have to 
make sacrifices," he said. "Life is a series of 
choices; you have to stick with what you 
want to do. You have to sacrifice things that 
are incompatible." 

Could this mean the eternal conflict be-
tween studies and social life? 

"I could say thatI'm not having as much 
fun as I'd like to in col1ege. but that doesn '( 
mean I'm not having a good time," he said 
"I'm doing what I really want to be doing. 
For me, the sacrifice is just a practical ad-
justment; if you want to be good at some-
thing, it takes time and dedication. 

'1bere are always limits, however. You 
have to define those limits personally. For 
me. health is a limit, family is a limit," Pao 
added. 

"School is also a limit because I cannot 
do as much research. It's kind of ironic. but 
that's the way it is," he said. 

Pao has completed a chapter for the up-
coming book entitled The Evolution of 
Melabolic Transfers, which is co-authored 
by other UCSD biologists. 

Currently, Pao is still researching m0-
lecular genetics and is awaiting the publica-
tionofhisarticle in theJournalofMolecuiar 
Evolution featuring his research. 

UUD UNlfftilfT nsrs a STUDIM ACDwrru PlfSfNJ'S 

The Gramm, Award-Winnlnt Calun/Creole Music of 

QUEEN IDA & 
THE 

BON 
TEMPS 

Thunday, January 24, 1991 

THRASHING 
ContInued from piIge 7 
or are an experienced rider, because there's 
no need to make the climb all the way to the 
top (though Uzgiris did). Wherever you 
decide to tum around, there's a rewarding 
downhill. 

"You can make it to the top and feel you 
really accomplished something. It· s a hell of 
a view, too," Uzgiris said. 

The trail maintains a steady uphill grade 
for the first several hundred feet, then levels 
off temporarily before continuing uphill. 
This panem continues all the way to the top. 
with increasingly shorter uphills, increas-
ingly longer stretches of flat trail. and even 
some downhills. 

Don't be discouraged - the steepest 
slopes are at the begiMing. The trail climbs 
two thirds of its elevation in half of its 
distance. 

At first. the scenery is nothing special-
just some low chaparral growing out of 
rocky, red dirt. But, as the trail climbs. the 
brush gives way to stands of juniper trees 
and manzanita groves. 

A wide variety of native fauna inhabits 
the slopes, and during the fall deer season, 
so do a few hunters. 

"I've seen deer. bobcat, coyote. and 
hawks" on trips up Otay Mountain, said 
Carlos Morris, a UCSD staff member and 
long-time mountain biking enthusiast. 

At the upper elevations, the view is in-
credible. The hiIIsides slope away from the 
trail down into wooded ravines, and to the 
northwest lie the Lower Otay Lakes. 

One can see both San Diego and Tijuana, 
and out to the Coronado Islands. Mountain 
peaks urround much of the horizon. 

See THRASHING . Page 9 

APPLY 
NOW! 

Be the next 
Guardian 

Features Editor 
Applications (including a cover 

&beet. raumc!. and clips if you have 
any) are due Monday, Jan. 28, 1991, 
in thc Editor-in-Chicf's box. Any 
questions? Ca1I534-6S80 and ask for 
Phil. 

'... ,. .,.-

ZJ:DECO 
BAND 

fBlUARY 9 • SAT •• 8PM 
DaD PIICE CENTER "1,I,RooM 

GA. '14 • ST. '10 • 'ACIITAff a '''CIT. 'It 
UCID lOX omCE • 154-411 •• 7ii:iIWf~ 

~~ 

THURSDAY ' 
3 Mustapbas 3 
!;7 T'beArabic-based world-

~ IIUISie group. 3 MustapbIa 
3, wiD be perfonDiDglll .... 
8UIdly brilliIDt" WoDcl'Ofhumor-
ODS music with B1imiag Bridges 
at lbe-BeBy Up Tavera in SoIaaa 
Beach. TicbIs ~ SJ. Show 
begins at 8:30 p.m. MuSt be 21 
or oldef. -can 481-8140 for mOle 
info. . 

• Has the music industry 
taken good causes and 
pressed them - like a 
bunch of records -
through an assembly line of 
celebritY spokespersons, 
albums, and co certs to the 
point where we don't pay 
attention anymore? 
By Leng Loh 
Hiatus Editor 

First there was LiveAid. Then FannAid. 
Amne:;ty International, ~ Across 
America, Nelson Mandela tributeS, a profu-
sion of shows for the 1990 California Envi-
ronmental Protection Initiative. ~ feaSt of 
Earth Day concerts.. •. . 

In the past half decade, t,l;tembsic industry 
has churned out plenty of pseli(fOr 
Woodstocks, but not one of them seems to 
have even come close to the original- which 
shouldn't come as a surprise, seeing that these 
concerts were all mass-produced and mass-
marketed. 

It was an inevitability in the land of MTV: 
the comme~jalization of causes. Media hype 
of ccJebrity-endo,sed issues are now as 
commonplace ~tories of Tinsel Town 
sleazc...WtUtt·s bel$d this musical crusade? Is 
it a f~io~ e attempt by the affluent to 
appease-their ~ilt for a privileged lifestyle? 
OMs ~,o alllhings, sincere? Or somewhere 
in between? 

"You've got people lining up behind a 
cause daily," says UCSD A.S. Music Pro-
gramming Commissioner Matt Schnurer, "and 
everyone gets into it because i f~ Things 

Live Aid - it came, it went.-PO one's 
",~.!lUU.uI!! about starving peo e reo The 
"'ithlpm 's still there. 

LlY,IP..rlIIU. oh boy, Hands A , 
, ... ,.0...;.,..1 Aid, Aid Aid," he Spits 
IPtIItL.di_~;qy! "Just another great 
_ , ..... " ... · J:rftu~'1l1f\\i causes can you 

It doesn't 

~::~~;~~~~~:i~s~,~~W~h~~at r-1 " 

r hlll',rj " .).1' I.IIV:' 111(11 Hl 



2 HIATUS 

....... AI.... the G. if ..... 
WhIIw ... Awakeni~ 
Green Ccri Kindaeraarten cop 

Dane .. With lNolves 

Uniwnity Town Center 452-7766 

The Gtlfl.... Hamlet 
Awakeni.. Kinclgel'Frten Cop 

flight of the IntruCier 
Not Without My Daughter 

La Jolla Village 453-7831 
Green Card 

Godfather III 
Dances With Wolves 

Home Alone 

Cinema 283-5909 
through Jan. 27: The 3rd Animation C.I.llration 
"-. 21, AnIIIt Hin Ob..--un.. Henry __ Octyuey 

Jan, 291 MeIr.p ........ /M ... :Wllw. 
Jan, 301 Nuhvllel .. w ..... McCloud 
~v •• PV Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

1IG1~kV Horror Picture ShOw 

IN THE NEWS 
The release date of Oliver Stone's long awaited epic, "1lle 

Doors," has finally been announced to be March I, 1991. 1lle 
film stars "Top Gun's" Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison and Meg 
Ryan as his girlfriend Pamela Corson, 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 

We now have another lip-syncer attempting to gain musical 
success, "Barbie" has joined the ranks of Milli Vanilli and the 
Simpsons with the releaseofher first single, "Together We Can 
Do It," a duet with Shari Belafonte, Barbie's record label is a 
newly formed subsidiary of Mattei Inc. called Rincon Records, 
Said the company's president, Ralph King, "Barbie is indeed a 
superstar .... The music is being produced with a clear focus on 
the high standards of quality that Barbie and MatteI Toys 
represent." 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

The Superstar Rock In Rio II festival, previously mentioned 
in "In The News," has added Wham! alumni Andrew Ridgely 
to its lineup. He willjoin the previously signed George Michael 
in a one-off Wham! reunion performance. Also added to the 
superstar lineup is rock legend Carlos Santana and his band. 

By Bryan DIes and Dave Unberg 

Fuu SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff Tanning System 

THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 
-------------------$32 

&p.2/7/91 

1 Month Tanning for 
Coli for detoils 
--------------------

Costa Verde Cen .... 
8650 Genesee Ave. 518.214 
San Diego, CA, 92122 
(619)558-1858 

The UCSD Guardian 

By Dave LoH and Jeff SIGdaI 
Staff Wril8rs 

A vi it to Bodie' , a club in downtown San 
Diego, reveals that the pirit of Motown is alive and 
well in the local rock scene, Chuck Roast and the 
Electric Brunch has brought back the ounds of the 
late 19605 - usuall y played by mu icians twice 
their age - with youthful enthusiasm, even though 
mO~ 1 f the band members had not been born when 
Motown was at its peak of popu larity. 

I~ ,I ~I r • • ~ l' 

Thursday, January 24, 1990 

seEN 
label with the tamp of only one genre. Lohrer ex-
plains, "It's soul - rhythm- and-blues-ba~ed funk/ 
rock." Ray's vocals have the strong and o ulful quali-
tie reminiscent of Steve Winwood' from the pencer 
Davis group. 

Butat time he will swing his voice to the extreme. 
Hi sound can resemble Joe Cocker' or even at 
Steven '. Ray ' emotive vocal are overlaid with blues 
chords, moving bas ' lines, intricate melodies and off-
beat rhythms, accented by light hom pop. and care-

"I~ ~~ :' II II 
fully-sty led ax solos. The re ult 
is a thi k, full sound thai is mu-
sica l, relaxing, and upbeat. 

hu k Roa t and the Eleclric 
Brunch is compri~ed of vocalist/ 
keyboa rdist KcvlO Ray , ba~,i t 

rant lark,on. ten rand bari-
tone,(L\ophonb t Bnan Daski i h, 
a nd D s iudenb John ELECTRIC BRUNCH 

At Bodie'. hu k Roa t and 
the Electric Brunch began their 
et with "Trains." a ong com-
hn~t1an en n the alto~ax, and 

Drew Lohrerondrum ·. The five member of Chuck 
R aM met In a jazz band c lass at Palo Verdes high 
,chool and became friends, as well as mu ical col-
league,. When the school gymnastics team an-
noun ed it pl3n~ to travel to Bulgaria and Romania, 
a friend ugge,ted they form aband for entertainment 
purpo,es in order to go along. The prospect of 
traveling in a lavic country spurred on the forma-
tion of the band and several songs were hurriedly 
thro II together. While the band never actuall y went 
ea!>lward. they ended up playing high chool dance, 
panic.,. and clubs in Ihe Los Angeles area. 

ow, a few years later. huck Roa, t is stationed 
in San Diego. The band has played gigs at 10 al 
c lub,. ~u h a~ Ih ' pirit Club and the Belly-Up, and 
ha, abo perfonned on-campus at the Pri e enter 
Ballroom and as a final i t in the Battle of the Bands 
at the Triton Pub In t year. But what about theband's 
complex-sounding name? According to Da kivich : 
" We're not really ure. It came out of a period of 
pure b redom in high chool clas es." 

With uch varied musi al influence as Otis 
Redding, Ray Charles, l ame Brown, and the Grate-
ful Dead. the ound of Chuck Roast is difficult to 

bining antina- ounding, light 
gliding piano with varying drum bems to produce an 
almost Doors-ian hypnoti m . "Get Out of My Way" 
wa quick and up-tempo, imilarto the Temptalions or 
Procol Harum ounds that came out of Motowil in the 
late 60 . 

Later in the set, there were elemen ts of James 
Brown-styled funk mixed with blue,y louche, and a 
New Orleans so lo melody performed by Daskivich 
and Christian en . 

Many of the ongs Chuck Roast played during the 
live set areon a e1f.produced demo ca lled .. creaming 
Gouda" that was relea ed in December of 1989. 

The demo ha 12 songs and 90% of the material is 
original. Overall, the band has over 25 original ~ongs. 
Presently, Chuck Roa t and the Electri Brunch is 
recording a new demo called "Your Ca~ual Midnight 
Plumber." 

As for Chuck Roa t and the Electric Brunch 's 
immediate plans for playing the San Diego scene, the 
band eems very confident. Ray states: ' 'The music is 
together now . What we need now is more people 
behind us . We need the upport ." 

Chuck Roast and the Electric Brunch will play 
"Thursday on the Green" at the Price Center on Feb. 7. 

" 

Thursday, January 24,1990 

BENEFITS 
ContInued from H1 

But, say activists, we could benefit from 
this guilt-induced patronage. 

Grarnmy-winning Bonnie Raitt once 
claimed, "I'm all for using popular culture 
to educate people," And many agree. 

Amy Bertsch, assistanl forspecial projects 
with the Washington D.C.-based People for 
the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PET A), 
says that since people look up to them so 
much, celebrities should use their influence 
for good. 

"You can look at a celebrity and say, 
'Well, I'm impressed with their looks or 
their talent: and if that's enough to catch 
someone's attention and make them do 
something for a cause, then that's OK," 
Bensch assens. 

Bertsch has worked on such projects as 
k,d. lang's pro-vegetarian "Meat Stinks!" 
television commericals and the New Yode 
City Rock Against Fur concerts showcas-
ing, among others, the Sugarcubes, the Psy-
chedelic Furs, and Elvira. PETA has also 
just released a new compilation album, Tame 
Yourself, featuring Howard Jones. the In· 
digo Girls with R.E.M. 's Michael Stipe, the 
Pretenders, the B-52s, Exene Cervenka. 
Fetchin' Bones, k.d. lang, Nina Hagen and 
Lene Lovich, the Goosebumps, Erasure, 
Belinda Carlisle, Jane Wiedlin, Raw Youth, 
and Aleka's Attic with River Phoenix. 

Although PET A has enjoyed a number of 
prominent endorsements, they' ve yet to reach 
the acceptance - indeed, the celebrity sta-
tus- that environmental group Greenpeace 
has through its work with musicians. 
Greenpeace workers like to tell the story of 
a teenager in Huntington Beach whose re-
action to a door-lo-door Greenpeace advo-
cate, rather than the usual "Oh yeah, the 
whale guys," was "Oh yeah, you're the U2 
guys!" 

1989's release of the double album 

The UCSD Guardian 

Rainbow Warriors, which just reached gold 
status last September, reinforced 
Greenpeace's ties with the music commu-
nity, Not only did it raise funds for the 
creation of new Greenpeace branch offices 
in Eastern Europe and Southeast Asia, but it 

different angle to it. It lets people realize 
there are other ways you can help. You're 
reaching people you might not normally 
reach if they weren't fans of these perform-
ers. They use dleir creativity to get a mes-
sage across." 

also raised envi- _________________ But message 

ronmental aware- I I'k h ,songs,Greenpeace's 
ness in the Ameri- " I e songs were you re Wakeling main-
can mainstream not really sure what it's about tains, can be prob-
rock audience. - it could be a love song, it lematic. " There're 

FormerEnglish could be a poll'tl'cal song, I't not very many songs 
Beat and General about the environ-
PublicsingerDave could be a socio-political song, ment that really 
Wakeling, now Because I think it's the same move me," he says, 
moonlighting as a "A lot of them tend 
spokesperson for story, just on different levels." to get sort of hippie-
Greenpeace, says - Former English Beat/General Public drippy. r like songs 
that people suppon Singer Dave WakeUng where you're not re-
the group because _________________ ally sure what it's 
they like to see that about - it could be 
Greenpeace has actuaUy succeeded in its a love song, it could be a political song, it 
endeavors. "They like seeing something could be a socio-political song. Because I 
written out and explained in Greenpeace think it's the same story, just on different 
literature. Although it looks like a battle, we levels. 
show them a chain of successes in one area "There's a very fine line you walk where 
or another - it shows that it can be done. It you might start totum people off," Wakeling 
gives them a sense of empowerment, says, "And also of course if you go too hard 

"I get the feeling that people in a democ- about it, you end up only speaking to people 
racy don'tthink they count for a thing now. who'd feel like you anyway. So it's like 
Which is kind of weird, isn't it, with the rest you've hardly done much preaching, si nce 
of the world chasing after our democratic you haven't convened anyone." 
system. And none of us could be bothered to Yet, Wakeling continues, it isn't really 
vote because we don't see that it malces any so difficult to rally people to the side of the 
difference. environment: "It's non-political. It' s just 

"There seems to be a complete and utter omething as clear-cut as ' Would you like 
collapse of faith in politicians in America, there to be a planet clean enough for your 
So entenainers seem to be the new heroes, grandchildren to live on?' There doesn't 
people you look up to," Wakeling asserts. seem to beahuge political jump you have to 

PET A's Bertsch observes that entenain- make. You don ' t get bogged down in party 
ers have the ability 10 bring the problems to politics. It's really simple, you can just go 
the public in a different light. "You can read directly to your conscience and get an answer 
literature, you can show movies, you can immediately. You eitherthink it' OK to be 
discuss issues, which is important," she says, exponin' toxic poison to third world coun-
"but setting your ideas to music, or having tries, or you don't. [t's either right or it's 
an event, or putting out an album, gives a not," 

1990 CLEARANCE SALE 

~~~~~~[L 
[Q)~~~@ [M ~~ 
~(Q)[M~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 
500/0·90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds • Members Only ' 
Line Up· Limited 

Wed.-Sat. 11 am-6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5 pm 

I.I~ APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
r~ 8250 Camino Santa Fe 

i fI:'=t Miramar, California 
(619)450-3323 

HIATUS 3 

Then there's the problem of the environ-
mental issues tied to the war with Iraq -
here, it seems, the environment is tied to 
politics, In the past week, with the outbreak 
of war in the Persian Gulf, Wakeling says 
that Greenpeace has put a pause on most of 
its other activities to focus on the environ-
mental dangers involved in the military con-
flict. 

Also, Wakeling ays, "Greenpeace is 
going to try and offer its organizational 
abilities to make sure the marches and 
demonstrations remain non-violent, because 
there seem to be a lack of focus at the 
moment. I think at the moment there's a lot 
of anger coming out, and that now has to be 
transferred into a dignified [demonstration] 
bearing witness against the use of violence, 
and again t the resource wars, e pecially 
when the resource is oil. 

"The environmental consequences [of 
the war) are staning to grow in everybody's 
discussion," Wakelingcontinues, "especially 
with some of the more outlandish threats 
Hussein has made, like firing all the oil 
installations, " 

He explains that i fthe oil tankers were set 
on fire, the results "could create, by 
everybody's estimation, the closest we've 
cometoanuclearwinter.1t'shard to ay, but 
the consequences could range from black-
ened skie , and if the cloud 's big enough 
with the wind carrying it, it could com-
pletely alter the monsoon eason throughout 
India and Southeast Asiaand starve millions 
of people to death! I think the sanctity oflife 
and the sanctity of the environment are 
closely related. 

"The more you read about it, the more 
you become interested in it," Wakeling 
elaborates. " You realize that there ' ll never 
reaUy be any lasting environmental peace 
until all the other little human and social 
situations that have made up this period of 
greed and desolation - well, they ' re going 

See ACTIVISM, Page 4 



4 HIATUS 

IIIi1I$ieJNALITIES I 
Citric Appeal 
• The Lemonheads branch out 
beyond the alternative scene 
By Jennifer Yancey 
Arts & Entertainment Editor 

Evan Dando paused to study 
the plane flyi ng directly above the 
car. "It 's cool when the planes come 
in like that," the lead s inger/ 
songwriter/guita rist of the Lemon-
heads commented. "God. that p lane 
is so close. It 's 0 awe orne. llike 
it 'cause I'm really cared of fly-
ing, 0 it's fun to watch. but I 
wouldn't want to be in it. Flying 
scares me. I hate it. becau e you 
have no control over it. And J 
wouldn ' t want to die with all tho e 
other people, all cramped together. 
It would be such a horrible,embar-
rassing way to die." 

late t Lemonheads album UJvey. 
The trio was playi ng a gig a t the 
Casba h, and before the 
oundcheck, the Guardian had the 

opport unity to ask Dando a few 
que tions about h i band. It i , in 
fact , his band. since he is the only 
original member left. Hoagla nd 
and Daughtrey are along fo r this 
tour only. 

" 1 had to put the lineup together 
really quickly before the tour, be-
cause I had to come out on tou r for 
thi record." Dando explained. " I 
knew this guy Ben - he wa in 
Squirrel Bau - andso lju tcalled 
him. and he was good to go on it, 
and he had a friend who played 
bass. 0 they came up two weeks 
before the t ur. and we Just went 
right out." 

The UCSD Guardian 

popular, in e their mu ic appeal 
to an extremely broad spectrum of 
mu icaJ tastes. I!' pop. punk . and 
country aJlth rown together, topped 
off wi th Dando's wonderfu lly 
imple lyrics. 

He wri te of toves, break- ups, 
school - everyday topic that are 
sung 0 poignantly and powerfully, 
the listenerdoes not doubt Dando' 
sincerity for a second. Few musi-
cians could pull it o ff as well as he 
doe . 

W ithou t a doubt, the best tra k 
off the new release i "Stove." and 
u 1 imply about an old tove. 
When asked if the re was ome 
hidden meaning in the ong, or if 
the stove wa really symbolic of 
ometh ingelse, Daughtrey replied, 

"I thi nk it's really j ust about a 
~ tove. You could make it into any-
thing you wanted, that's the great 
thing. 1 think the lyric were really 
what so ld me on thi band." 

thi pit and left all alone. 0 1 
remember j u t bei ng ad about the 
crane. Inan imate objects induce 
adne in me like nothing e lse." 

Lovey i the fourth album from 
the Boston-based band, and their 
fi r t re lease on Atl ant ic records. 
The band wa formed by Dando 
with Ben Deily :lnd Je e Peretz 
while they we re in high school, 
and it was this lineup thar saw the 
relea e of Hate Your Friends, 
Crea/or, and Lick. The members 
purs ued various academic careers, 
with Dei ly and Pere tz attendi ng 
Harvard and Dando dropp ing out 

Thursday, January 24, 1990 

of orne namele:.s college. Eventu-
all y Dei ly and Peretz split the 
group, and Dando basically made 
UJl'ey a a solo project, although 
Peretz and dru mmer Dave Ryan 
helped oul. 

Dando i only 23 year old, but 
he i pretty sure about the fac t that 
the Lemo nhead is hi career, at 
leas t for a while. "Yeah, thi will 
probably cont inue into ad ulthood. 
I can't think of anyth ing el e to do 
for a while anjway, for qu ite a 
while. And we're doing good in 
Europe , 0 it' not to tally hope-
less." 

Thi conver ation occurred in 
Novemberwhen Dando, along wuh 
bas ist Byron Hoagland and drum-
mer Ben Daughtrey. was in an 
Diego supporting the release of the 

It remain~ a my'tcry why the 
Lem nhead~ arc not immen\ely 

Dando explain his sentimen-
tality for inanimate obje t a the 
re ult of a childhood experience. 
"It ' 0 stupid, but see I read this 
book when I was child that af-
fected me greatly about this nice. 
happy industriou s crane that 
work.ed and then it got put down in (I to r) Hoagland, Daughtrey, and Dando of the Lemonheads 

Affordable Solutions from 
Hewlett Packard. 

TI,e new lIP- lOB is:tn en lry level 
IIr-2IS algebraic business ca lcu lalor ro r 
T he HP-2 IS is 
Packard's new sta tis tical 

pt'o rcssionals packed with lime 
saving rea tures 10 help you 
figure loans, analyze cash 

no ws, fi gure inleresl ralecon-
venions, percenl. percent change, 

margin and markup. plus essenlial stali s -

calculalor ror the college 
siude nt. with buill -in sial 
tabl es and 8 s tati s ti c al 
program library. Other fealures 
include essential college math functions, 
tri go - nometry, keystroke programming, 
al gebraic entry sys tcm. plus a memory si7:e or 
10 storage registcrs and 99 program SICpS. 

lics and math runctions. 
Affordable at: $30.50 

NEW! JH'-178n 
1l,e HP· 17Rll is Ihe 
o nly calculator in its 
class that contains 
more than 250 easy-
lo -use funclio ns ror 
bu s iness and fi -
n a nce, plu s all 
Il,cse rca tures: 
M en us lind son keys. For quick and 
easy access to solulion:;. III' solve. C us lomi7.e 
your calculalor wiLhout progrnmming. row-
errul, Industry-stand"rfi honrl cllkllh ,tions. 
Clock lind IIlarm. List-based sL'Itls tics :Jnd 
cash nows. Reviewing you entries is s imple: 
jusl scroll through. 
Optlonallnfrored printer. For go anywhere 
cordless pt'inling. 
Affordable at: $84.25 

LIes£:::] 
I : C ) (II ' • I I n 'I 

A vailable at: 

Affordable at : $38.25 
r/,;w HEWLETT 

~r... PACKARD 
Hewlett Packard Calculators: 
The best calculators to help you succeed! 

HP·20S 
T he new 1I1'·20S Is It 'wl I\·Paeknrd ·s 
t1('west a lgcbrate sclenllfl c calcllta tor 
con taining all the fundame ntals plus a 
program library of advanced operations: 
root nndlng. numerical Integration . com· 
plcl( number opemtlons. curve nttlng. 3 
x 3 matrix operations and quadratte 

quatlon. Affordable at: $38.25 

Hp·42S 
The IIP-42S Is an RPN technical cal· 
culator with 211n~ display that combines 
HP-15C runctlonallty. 1-!p·41 Series pro· 
grammlng compatibility. and the most 
matrtx funcllons available. with tmprov-
cd ease of use. Included Is a soflkey 
Interface to applications. 

Affordable at: $91.95 

UCSD Bookstore Electronics Dept. 534-4320 
Located in the Price Center Complex Ope~ : Mon - Fri 7:30 - 6:00 and Sat 9:30 - 5:00 

ACTIVISM 
Continued from H3 
to have to be affected a well. So in 
a way it's a very politicizing is ue, 
because there's no environmental 
activi m without reference to sex-
ism, racism, Third World-ism,etc., 
elC." 

With such weight o n your ha nds 
- having taken on just one cause 
only to adopt ten others as well -
what do you do when you've just 
about overdosed on a11that ac ti v-
ism? How to escape the problems 
of the world? Wakeli ng says mu-
sic can be both enlightening and a 
form ofe capism. Sochilloutwith 
a little music, perhaps? Spin a few 
di cs on the old record player? 

But even that can be environ-
mentally unsafe. 

Wakeling explains, "They u e 
all sorts of horrible chemicals in 
making the LPI Then they throw it 
in a plastic bag! 1 don ' t mind the 
CD longboxes - they ' re benign, 
they ' re recycleable. I know it 's a 
waste of cardboard , and it should 
be sropped, but at the same time 
it's silly to pick on the cardboard 
when so much plastic is being used 
for records. I can imagine some of 
that stuff is really nasty." 

The solution? What to do with 
all those obsolete, environmentally 
unsafe vinyl records? 

"Start making flower pot out 
of old LPs," Wakeling says. "You 
get ajamjar - you could also use 
a can - and balance the record on 
top, and you get a kettle full of 
boiling water, and slowly tip it 
over the record, and it melts and 
drapes itself down. Then you pour 
cold water over it to set it, and tum 
it upside down, and you've got a 
very attractive flower pot! You 
can start your own herbal garden! 
This isn ' t in the Greenpeace leaf-
let, this is just my own suggestion. 
As long as you don ' t do it to an 
English Beat or General Public 
record. UnJessyou'vewomitdown 
and can' t listen to it anymore." 
Who you can cont.ct : 
Greenpeace, San Diego 
(619) 298-1010 
PETA 
(301 ) 770·7444 
Amnesty Intemational, San Diego 
(619) 295-0376 
Musicians Who Care 
(619) 259-8448 

Tbanday, Jaoury U, 1991 The UCSD Guardian FBATUIlBS 9 

THRASHING 
COntInued from .... 

Anyone plannida tbis trip 
should leave eutyldd bring plenty 
of Wiler, because the trip to the top 
takes four to five hours, including 
some liberal rest SlOpS. 

1be uphill is definitely one 
good workout. " Morris said. 

The cIownbill, wblcb most feel 
is the best put of tbis ride, tHea 
from 20 to 40 minute&, depcndiDa 
on the rider's sIdll. 

" 
.\"", 
, . 

(') m, 
, 

i' 
o} / • ' 

•• , ....... '\\ .. ~ ....... .Jr •••••• '- ',,\' 
r •• 1,-:.~.. 'II~ \ '\ '.n.~ •• "...... UTIlE:-

" • '\0.. .,'.4 ~~Junction TECATE- .' 
.- .'" • '. ':> ...... 

, 
~'~I' ~/ 
. -"""'-

~ • • ,,;,.'t16,. •• ; , ~ ~ •• ~ ~ :a. • ~. -~') 
"'~. S:"'.' • OrawMou~... £ : 0 g., I" TECATE & 
........ \ Q. •• ". /PEAK 

·.1· I ' ~ -. 
", '. ~ / .. .:.. .. - .. -. 
" ( " '. .t' • ......1. -".';':. ·eXjA·clUFORNIA 

CfllSSltoIG .. • - • • 1\M'Ana' '-----' L-""""--" •• ,- •• - I .' ~ "'--,,' 1 Mile 
high." 

I 

"It'. the rro.tio& 011 !be calte, 
definitely. It's exbiJaraIina. <1m-
prouL The best thina about the 
downbilI is aeuma 011 the eelse of 
out of control, but jUlt ridina 

tbrouJb." said UCSD senior Jim 
Lakis. 

It is, in this rqxwter's experi-
ence. the Ioogest downhill in the 

area. If you made it all the way to 
the lOp. prepue for a ~,OOO foot, 
seven-mile slalom that's as fast as 
you can handle. 

Morris said, "If you like speed 
riding, go for it. but kcepcaution in 
mind.. You can flow (clown the 
trail]. I really love it. It's a natural 

And be prepared to pick the 
bugs out of your teeth at the bot-
tom. 

6475 AlV8tIdo ROM/, Suite t09 

nexttoSOSU 

DO YOU NEED EXTRA CASH? 
Are you in good physical condition? 

Could you use an additional $300.00/month? 
($35 per usuable sample) 

SPERM DONORS NEEDED 
all ethnic groups 

(619) 265-2407 

, 



10 SPOJI.TS 

Kevin 1iIIbon, FtnClng, Senior, 
Rl¥tIII, EJectrIcII Engl...tng 

Yn. we do hew I ftrdng IHm 11M II 
UCSO. and. fine onllllhll. This is K.m·s 
Ihild year witIl !he squad. cofT'Cl8\ilg In !he 
FoIl division (Fenctng Is ~ InIO Foil. 
SIbrt and EPH). Tha FoIIIHm his bHn 
mosl .-slul. finishing Ihid In rtglonal 
compeIiIk)n lui year. Kevin his bHn in-
sln.mlnlal In !he team'S SUCOIIU. boIh In 
~ion and In practice. whert Ns hn 
WOtI< and dedicalIon help lead rrwny lillie ... 
who have just slartld Ie laM up IhI eport 
ArrJ don11h1nk Ihil because !he sport Is no! 
well known Ihese athlells don' WOI1t hint 
IJoIh IhI men's and Ihi women'S iiams 
pracb up 10 Iwtnty hours per .... and 
wl1h growing inlartSt In !he sport. look lor 
UCSO 10 become very sucalsslul. 

~:? 

.... ICIngIIuy, Soc:e., SInIor 

..... lIIIIIIIn 
Owr!he lasl tour years. 'lOngs. his been 

a steadying InI\Jenct on IhI UCSO Wonwn'l 
Soccer IIIIT\. WhIle not prUng up 0IAJ\Inding 
slats d her ofIenslve oounlerpans • .len MI 
ntYlrthelels bHn Invakllble 10 !he IICOrd 
HIIIng T riIOn dtIensa. .... deIermli 1IIion. 
Mile and fteId ~ helped lead !he 
T ri10ns 10 !hew flm National Cha~ip 
last year. This year. as capillin. Jen's leader-
ship helped a young and lnallperierad learn 
surpnM meny. rMChIng Ihi RegIonal seml-
final beloit bowIlg out. CongralUlations. Jen. 
on a grNllour yNr$. a'1d good kJCk In !he 
future. 

. Bj" Chlcqo Pluerla 
-' ... ""---J L- I!J proud 10 IlIIJUe ~tlCb tIIbkte (IIUII gIIe,t) to 

dlrse til /U',/O,. .free! CmlgrtJII 10 botb 1Wtoru. 
8873 VilJa /.ajalla Dr. /.ajalJa Village Cen/er4554662 

ATLANfA'S WHERE ITS HAPPENING!! 
APPLY FOR THE MOREHOUSE/SPELMAN 

EXCHANGE PROORAM 
1"1-92 YIAR 

_~.~ "'CcALL TRIRD COLLEGE 
ACADEMIC ADVISING AT ~"'110 

APPLICATIONS OR INFORMATION 

APPLY BY: FEBRUARY" 1991 

'fl\Nrl'I~I) 
MUIR 

FRESHMEN Be 
TRANSFER 

ORIENTATION 
LEADERS 

Obtain a job referral form at Part-time Employment 
and bring it to the Muir Provost Office, 2126 H&SS. 

Deadline for 1lPPl1cat1ons: Monday, February 4 
This is your opportunity to enjoy a fun and r8Wardingjob. 

Tbc UCSD GaarcUaa 'I1aunday, Juauuy 24, 1991 

Christian Books, BIbles, Gifts, 
Cards, Music, Ctuch SupplIes 

~~~[lq~ 
PRIME 
PICKS 

BY PHIL GRUEN 

1 001 STUDENT 10 DISCOUNT 
wtththlaed 

PHIL S RECORD IS O"~ 

THE SUPER BOWL 6904 Miramar Rd. 1210 
San Diego, CA 92121 
(619)586-7818 FAVORITE ImE lJNDEBDOO Buffalo ·6 New York 

PHll..' S ANALYSIS ... Oh no. Here we go again. The 
stage is all set for another Super Bore. The Bills appear 
invincible, especially to anyone who witnessed last 
week's obliteration of the Raiders in the AFC 
Championship Game. Either the Raiders dido 't bother 
to show up, or these Bills are for real. I mean, FOR 
REAL. Bigger than life. Bigger than Giants. Much 
bigger. Could it be hue? Count on it. The defenses are 
comparable, but the Bills have a more potent offense 
than the Giants - more specifically, Buffalo has 
something the 4gers dido't have: a running game, And 
if Thurman Thomas, who was probably the best all-
around offensive force in the NFL this year, gets loose, 
you can forget about it. The Giants should put up a 
better showing than the Raiders, especially because 
this game 's not in Rich Stadium (where the Bills have 
become very wealthy), but there won't be any surprises 
here. PHIL advises that you give the points and ... 

TAKE THE BILLS 

"'0\( I .\H(lI \1)' h \ \\11 Ill) 1\11111\1\1\(, \\()\llIl{~ en 
." 

i I I 
(,I,'rillll' nl.llililill \lId 11I'lnli,lIh 11111111 \ '1.1'lt rl'lill ()I 
1111111111' \\ illl Ilrilll.11I1 III rlllrllLlllt I' I:, 111I I III I!'. I Ii,!II,11 .I'd 

I" 

I FRoM THE DIRECfOR OF "MY LIFE As A DoG" I 
"ONCE Is Nor "* * * * "Our OF THE 

ENOUGH, SEE 'ONCE THE FEEL -GooD BLUE Coms A 
AROUND' TwICE. MOVIE OF THE ilEMAIuwILY 

A wann. funny. touching movie NEW YEAR! FWH CoMEDY! 
lhal wiU ha,'c roo l:aughing Richard Drqfuss is in rudonn: It 's thriDing to!« a film 50 bonrsI 
and crying. p«t3cubr: - 1InotT'tr-.oo and hunant Don'tltt itslip3way: 
- PUundslrom ""8(.l\' PUI'IlOl' IIAG.IlJ \l _ LaWl<llCt'f_ ~~ NAG.\lJ~E 

The Bellas were Orlt big happ, family. Then Renata mel Sam ... 
RICHARD DREYF S HOLLY HUNTER 

DANNY AIELLO LAURA SAN GiACOMO GENA ROWLANDS 

&~~~ 
Coming Soon to Theatres Eyarywhare 
MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1991 IFlrII==-1 8:00 PM MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

SpoMored by Un.-.,.", E-* FIlm CDmnrIaIe 
,...~: ... 0IIIGe, 11:10 ...... ',..., 

n 
-, 

II 
:a 
i I I 
i I I 
en 
n 
:a 
" I 
" I Z 
Z 
In 

Tbunday, January U, 1991 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules IIId RepIadaDI: 

-s-_lHftvON .... ll2·.v 11·-. .. 
PAIU. Al.(II) wrnI YOla ...... \'&A.I DIiII IOIXIl.. ~ 

.....-oMI.~'IOU.~.TUCSO.-. 
AND __ 10: s.o.n EorToa. UCSD 
au-. 9500 0 ........ DaM 0316 ..... JouA. 
CA9lO934316. YouCAHAUOa.oPrrOlP .. _ 
s.o.n ~'I _ AT _ Ou_ ~ 
LOCA1IDII_ Sn.--r CIIIna. ACIIOIS __ 

-Au. UCSD ~ nAI"P, AND 'ACUlTY 
AUlUOIIUIlO __ oca Ou....,..,. rr_ 
__ ...wv.IOIBI·,OIIcAoorm... 

.n. __ WHO CONII .. wmt ". worr 
alU8CT --. AS IlIrnlMICID IV ".~. 
wu. • IKLUII) ". BlAfC) ......... AND 
WLL .. ..::oafII1DD W1m1111tI QUIZ IS ...".., ne 
POI.LQWIiIJ t.WL IN". IV8tI' c:. It. 1W. It. DRAW'JIIO 
wu. • ...., 10 ___ ..-. 1'IIoIa 
alU8CT _ NOT IIUIC'rID AS THE ORAND ..... 
WW!t8. wu. COHSEIIUD .~. 

.a.... _ ....... ____ QtJIL No 

.....-fIIOIlUC:m DmtIIS WLI.. ACCIPnD. EMma 

...m •• T_ CluAaDwIIY NOON W--.. •. 
'1'HltaAHD PUZE _ WlJ.lIICIIMlA_ 

DlNHU POI. TWO A.T BJts OUCAOO Pazu.IA. 
RuNNlU-up _a.L UICaIVZ It. ,... moe OP 
MIa&ca DLvr _ OR IOD4. AT BJ·s,l.OCA'Im 
...... JouA Vu..a.SQu-.AurrOl'oW.'--
wu. II ~ AT 81's IAOt .... AND.....-s 
NIIID 10 IICW IDIINTII'ICATION TO <1AJM ftIZU . 

Tbls week's questloas: 
]. Where did San Antonio Spurs 
center David Robinson anend 
college? 
1. What San Diego Chargers 
running back recently announced 
he will not play in the Pro Bowl? 
3. Who won the 1990-91 Bert 
Bell Award as the most outstanding 
player in pro football? 
4. Who is the new head coach of 
the New England Patriots? 
S. Who defeated Steffi Oraf in 
this year's Australian Open? 
6. Who was the 1988 American 
League Rook.ie of the Year? 
7. Who is the head coach of the 
Boston Celtics? 
8. Who is the general manager of 
the Buffalo Bills? 
9. What two teams played in 
Super Bowl XX? 
10. Who is the head coach of the 
UCSD women's basketball team? 

Last week's questloas: 
1. Whatcity was originally slated 
to host the 1993 Super Bowl? 
Phoenix 
1. Who is football's UPI NFC 
Rookie of the Year? Mark 
CarrIer 
3. Who is the head coach of the 
Milwaukee Bucks? Del Harris 
4. Who holds the NBA record for 
assists in a single game? Scott 
Skiles 
s. What amateur golfer won the 
Tucson Open? Phil Mickelson 
6. Who is the majority owner of 
the San Diego Padres? Tom 
Werner 
7. What fonner Raiders star was 
named bead coach at Long Beach 
Stale? WlUie Brown 
8. Who led the NBA in acorio, in 
1988-891 M1ebael ,Jordan 
9. Who won the French Open in 
19891 MiduIeI Cbaaa 
10. What is the UCSD men's 
bask.etball team'. current win 
streak? 'oar, at time 01 .... qub 

1AIt .... ' ....... : 
Paul Bluer, WaneD; aophomore, 
USP - Sacnunento 

~ 
Lilt of four polled It BJ', 

YEARS 
AHEAD 

HAIRCUTS 
by Mark 
w .... $17 (reg . $25) 
.. $14 (reg. $19) 
UCSD SPECIAU 
Perm" Haireul $50 
or Highlighl "HaireUl 

The UCSD Guardiao 

For appointment please call 457-2930 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Ste.2120 

From now until January 31, open 
a checking accoWlt at any HomeFed 
branch and we won't charge you for 
the next twelve months. 

No charge for the exclusive Image 
checks. No charge for each check you 
write. No monthly service charges. 

But, as usual, there's a catch. 
You see, a free checking accoWlt 

at HomeFed makes you a HomeFed 
customer automatically. 

Which means you'll have to deal 

SPOR.TS 11 

•• • •••••••••••••••••• 

· Do'" · 2 for 1 !:~s~~~ . : ~value;r: • 
- . • Lo.lalla Colony 7770 Regents Rd .. #108 (~the VonsShoppina Center) 11 am-10pmSln·1l\urI.: • 

One CX>.pOn per custome<. Exp;res 1/27f9t IIom-11 pm FrlIl Sol. • ~ ....••........••......•.....•••.... 

. with friendly service, expanded hours 
and 65 convenient locations (Plus 97 
ATMs) throughout San Diego County, 

It's true. You won't even have a choice. 
Just open a free checking account at 

any HomeFed branch. 
You can enjoy free checking for a 

whole year without spending a penny.* 
You have our word on it. 

~v~ 
--



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOURJEWISHADORESSATUCSDIJewlsh 
Campus Centers provides warmth. education. 
prayer. SOClaizlng. Connect wkh Union of 
Jewish Studentsl 502 Matthews; easl of the 
Price Cente<. Call Rabbi Slotnick. 534-2521 . 
(117·3115) 

AS INTERNSHIP OFFICE G_ral lnto Night 
Is tonight I Price Center. Gallery A. 6·7 p.m. 
534-4669 nowl (1124) 

"You can no mo<e win a war than you can win 
an earthquake.· JaannetteRankln (I880·1973) 
(1117-2124) 

Attention all Third College Students. Two 
representatives from our college aro needed 
to $It on a committee lhat shan oversee !he 
legitimacy of the upcoming AS elections. For 
more Info. please contact Third College Council 
or the Dean's 0fI1ce.(1I17-1124) 

Are you COLOR BLIND? Earn $5l hr 
panicipatlng In experiments on human cotor 
vision. II you know or suspect you are colo< 
detlcJent call Ethen, 534-2999, Dept. of Psych 
for mora Info. Return subjec1s welcome (1/1 4. 
t131) 
The Smltheonlan lnatltutlon NASA Mu_ 
internships for summer, 10 weeks. $3200 
stipend I Info? 534-46891 (t124· ' 128) 
UCB Presents .... yYMetaI, Friday night Pnce 
Center. 7 & 9:30 p.m .• only one dollarl (1122·11 
24) 
B •• t FundrelMr on Cempu.! ts your 
Iraternlty. sorority. or Club interested In earning 
$500 10 $1000 for a one _k. on-campus 
marketing project? You must be well organized 
and hard wort<ing Cal Lena at (800) 582· 
212t . ext_ 115. (1124) 
ASIO General Into night Is tonlghll See our ad 
in today's Guarcn.rI. Comel Calli 534·46691 
(1124) 

Revetle College needs appointments 10 the 
A.S. elections committee, Revelle College 
Elections Commissioner, and many other 
committees. SIgn-up In the Revelle Provost 
Office. (1122-t124) 

Revel le ColleQ9 is having a town meeUng l1l 
January 281h at 7 p.m. in Why Not Here? 
Come and find out aboutpartung, fee Increases, 
and other Imponant campus Issues. (1122-1/ 
28) 
Get your team ready l Revelle College ~ 
Jan. 30. Sign-up at the Revelle Dean's OffIce 
by Jan 28. (1122-1124) 

Concerned aboutcuhs? Need to know more? 
The Cult Awareness Network 15 avaUable to 
answer your questions. CaU (312) 267-7m , 
or write CAN 2421 W. Pratt Blvd" Ste 1173, 
Chicago lit. 60645. Message sponsored by 
United Campus Ministry- 534-2521 . (1122-1/ 
25) 
Revelle College Council ..-tings are open to 
aU who are Interested In finding out mare about 
whet Is happening at Revelle and UCSD. 
Meeting 4-5 p.m. at the Revelle Provost Office. 
(1122-1/31) 

a 
1Il00 B Aoeec:rn 

PI.~ 
225-Om 

.. 
4e88eonwo,Sl 

~ .... 
57M542 

• We bag fMfY comic: 
• Gnes & Cards 
• We offer Free Discooots 
• In SIOr8 ~ serW:e 
• We're open II1II7 p.m, fMfY day 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others . Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
co The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person, Deadlines are 3 p,m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and3 p_m_ MondayforThursday's issue_ The Guardian reserves the 
right CO refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads, For 
more in/ormation call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316,£0 Jolla, CA 92093-0316. ActuaL address: Student Center A, topfloor. 

Dentrst needs intern to work as cllnlc.1 "It is those who believe in absurdrtleS who 
assistantS5-f/hr. aftertralnlngICall 534·4689 commit atrocities. "- lIoltalre (1124) 
nowl (1 124-1128) 
The .. So tn ..... ehlp Office has intemships In 
San DIego, Caldornta. Nationaltyl See todays 
ad: tNFO NIGHT! (1124) 
Concerned about cuhs? Need to know more? 
The cun Awareness Network 15 available to 
answer your questions. Call (312) 267-nn, 
or write CAN 2421 W_ Pran Blvd., Ste. 1173, 
Chicago, 1M. 60645. MessaQ9 sponsored by 
UnltedCampusMlnistry - 534-2521 . (1122-11 
24) 
BluebooII Publteh«, needs journatism! 
communications Interns toredidng. some artIcte 
wrltlng l CaY ASIO at 534·46891 (1124-1128) 
The best Mexican lood can be lound at La 
Salsa -In the Costa lIerde shopping center. 
Chad< out the great deals on the meals. (117-
2114) 

DON'T BE A IIICTIM OF CAR THEFTI Protect 
yourse" With Ihe lliper 300 alarm system or the 
Ho<net 715T.AIso,prolessionalw ndowtintrng 
and car stereo Installatlon_ Ask lor your UCSD 
discount at ADIIANCED AUTO 
INSTALLATION. 279·2434. (1124-1131) 

FlrwhOu. T_ eenlar needs marketing, 
ectlvlty, lundralslng coordinators/interns. 
Possibtecompensatlonl Call ASIO 8t534-4689 
nowl (1124·1128) 
LOW COST PSYCHOTHERAPY GROUP lor 
"*' and women ages t 8·28 who have had 
dllllwichidhoods and nowwentto fllkec:o<*of 
of theW .... and teem to be happy now being 
oII-.d In North County. Calt Julie KecI< . M.A. 
(IIMFI4678) at 943· 1567. (1124-214) 

Help uS make a name forourselves .. . Become 
a Fifth College Orienlation LaadarlGet relerral 
Irom Part-time Employment; bring to Filth 
Cotlege Advising, 202 MMC, for appllcatJon. 
Deadline: February 1. (1 124) 
lAG presents Dr. Jim Skelly. 7:30 p.m. -
Peace studie$ lnfoto Soviet Union and Ireland. 
8 p.m.-Dtscussion "European Perspecbves 
on the War: Pepper Canyon Lodge, UCSD. 
(1124J 

NEXUS 
COpy 

GRAND OPENlNG 
SPECIAL 

2.9¢ per copy 
unlimited. 20 Ib_ Wb 

u I I r&rrtIIIt l1li- Ii C 
s j_or,.,! I D LA 

I UTe '{!-
9360 Towne Cenlre Dr_ SIC_ 130 

Sill Diego, CA 92121 
554-1200 

Good rJw 11l!,'}1 

SERVICES 
Artists: Have your wort< documented 10< 
graduate school 0< tor galerles . Reasonable 
prices. 455-6873 (1"0-214) 
Olga BarI- Etectrotog;st: 1200 to 1500 hairs 
per hour. 3256 Holldey Court_ Student 
DIscounts. 558~·1962. (1117-3/14) 

PRO BARTENDeR- Let me help to make 
your next party successluL Call Melt 558-
8528. (1/10-217) 
Are you having Car Trouble? For comptete 
Mechanlcatl Electrtcal servicing and 
malntenaooe on you car, call OIiERSEAS 
AUTOMOTtVEat695· 1990. TheBestServtce 
at the Lowest Pr10esI (1/17-1128) 

TVPINGtl l, ttypeyourtermpapers, etc. quickly 
and IneJ<p8nslvety _ Laser printer. Call Jennifer 
546-1856. (1122-2I2t) 

PASSPORT PICTURESU N_ at Cal Copy. 
Only $5.95. While you walt Xeroxes and mO<e. 
Near 51. Germains. 452·9949. (1122-6/6) 

Papers typedl 0uIck and atfordIIbfe. From $21 
page_ Calf W Colony Resumes & ProlHlionel 
Typing. 455-8357.lBMr prlntingl eo typntyIaI 
to choose from I One day service av ..... (11 
14-2114) 

Your time is precious- LET ME 00 ITI 
ProfessIonal Word Processing. Word Per10act 
5.1, LaserJettiL Papers, theMs, dlsMrtmIona, 
manuscripts, articIeI. AIIo, desk10p publishing, 
boofII\eepfng. Student Rate_ 291 · 1355. (11 
22-1124) 

Tutoring- Math, Phy.lcs, Engineering, 
Computer Programming. Mart< 221·7176. (11 
22-1128) 
OON'T PAY MORE FORAUTOREPAIRI Low 
cost tune-ups. all changes ($1 • . 95), brake 
jobs starting at $24_95 and much more. Close 
to campus and student discounts with Guatdian 
ad. T .... Automotlve_ 695-2331 . (1124-1131 ) 

AMAZING COMIX is the only place to go fo< 
comics I Free discounts, games and cards, 
every comic is bagged. Open 7 days with 4 
convenlem locations. Kearny Mesa store 576-
8542_ (1 124-214) 

WORD PROCESSING, EDITING. $2/page. 
free pickup and delivery. 7 daySIWeek. Irma 
453-6282. (1124) 

Hell prlc. helrcut.1 Call Shannon at 
Alessandro Salon lor details. 456-3707. First 
time c:llents only_ (1124-2111) 

TypIngIWord processing - Fast, accurate. 
PIck up and delivery. Cal Sandy. 755-4316. 
(1124-1131) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: Experienc.d. 
Wo<d processing with editing for reports, 
manuscripts. resum.s. dlssenalions and 
leiters. Studertt rates . Modem. Laser printer. 
9-7 MO<>day-Friday. WeeMnd appointmen\l_ 
753·5964. 1521 Summit Ave., Cardiff. (1124) 

WANTED 
Serious Entrepreneurial opponunlty with 
financial freedom available. Ambitious 
Individuals catl 271-4940 or 498·3325 for 
Info<mation. (11128-214) 

SUMMER JOBS (WSI) - summer chlldren's 
carnps-not1hM$t.....,.., and woman who can 
teach children to swim. swim team, beautiful 
pool and IaI<es In the northeast Good salary, 
room & oo.rd, travel 8l<I*'18. Men call 0< 
write: Camp Wlnadu, 5 Glen Lane . 
Memaroned<. N.Y. 10543 (914) 381 ·5983. 
Women cal or wrII8: Camp Vega, P.O. Box 
lnl , Duxbury, MA. 02332 (617) 934~536. 
(117·217) 

SUMMER JOB. Tennis Jobs - summer 
chtldnan's camps-no",-st-tnen and women 
who can INch children In the northeast Good 
salary, room & board, travel expense. Women 
cal or wrII8: Camp Vega, P.O. Box 1 nl, 
Duxbury,MA. 02332(817)934-6536. Man call 
or Write: Camp Wlnadu, 5 Glen Lane. 
Mamaroneck. N.Y. 10543(914)381-5963. (11 
7·217) 
Earn $500-$15001 week stuffing envelopes In 
your home. For free Information, send a tong 
sell-addressed stampedel1\lelope to P.O. Box 
4645. OeptPI27,AWQ_que,NM87198.(11 
10-1128) 

.... Call? We dellvwl Domtno', P1zD Is 
now hiring lor all positions. Management 
opportunities available. Complete training 
program. K you ana 18 ~ old, have a valid 
drt¥ara ...... auto insurance, an excellent 
driving record. and access 10 • car, you can: 
Earn up III SIC)( hr. (IIItaI oomp.) Enjoy the 
freedom 01 belng on the road. work llexlble 
tlc!In. APPL YTOOAYI Domino's PIzza UCSO 
3211 HolIday Ct 452-UCSO. PIe_ apply 
aII8r 3p.m. (1/10-&6) 

EARN $5Oo-$IOOO1mo. OR MORE Parttimel 
lIery lie ... hoursl 20 year old compllny 
expanding Into Sen Diego. Seeking 5 key 
people to assisIlnaxpenslon_ Cal NOWII453-

1~. (1"4-1124) 
TRIPLE YOUR INCOME. Make money fast 
And out how. Call Bltl at 558-5789 NOWII (11 
14-2111) 

LEAD GUITARIST WANTED - wfth good 
rhythm knowledge and vocal abllhy for existing 
originals band, We have a place to practice. 
CallJOhn F. 273-2145 01 JoI!nT.452-6403. (11 
14·1124) 

UCSD Campus Tour Guide positions (5) 
available. Contact Career ServIces Pan-lime 
Student Employment 0fIIce . (1122-1128) 
Being-Fit Is hiring experienced aerobic 
instructors forCtairemontand SOSU Iocetlona. 
Call Lenny at 4B3·9294 or 698·1702. (1122-21 
11) 

Summer management internship Interviews 
now taklng pItIce. GaIn valuable expertence 
man.glng • ..., of employees, customers. 
and suppllerl. Successlut applicants witt 
undergo axil ..... nInIng. Average wmmer 
earnings range $8·15,000_ Call ·Student 
PIIInt8rt; lor Information. 1-800-426-6441 _ (11 
22-3111) 

Thursday, Tannary 24, 1991 

Chtldcare worI<er needed for first grader and 
pre-schooler, 2:30-5. Del Mar area. 561hoUr_ 
Transponatlon and r.terences requlred_ can 
792-9729 after 8 p.m. (1122- t128) 
BASS PLAYER NEEDED lor Io<ming rock 
band. Inl, Rush, Satrlanl. Aerosmlth, Ste"", 
Ray Vaughan. Lee. 562·5982. Clvis 558·4598. 
(1122-1124) 

-DrIVers-earn $7-$1(1 hr. MUST HAilE CAR 
AND INSURANCE. Class 4 ok. Also other 
positions open_ contaCt Babu at 457-2060. 
Round Table Pizza, UCSD. (1122· 1128) 

Part time job. Fun time income. YOOI own 
schedule representing U.S. Sprint Long 
Dlstance_ 525-7927_ (1122-1131) 

WANTED 100 PEOPLE. We wilt pay you to 
lose 10-29 Ibs In 30 days_ All natural. I-aoo-
347-7584. (1124) . 

STAFF W.u.nD: Roughln " Day Camp In 
S.F_ East Bay hiring summer 1991 I Posrtions: 
CounselotS , swim and riding Instructors, 
waterfronl, erwironmental education , spans. 
tranSl)Orla1Ion directo<. Experience, refs. Call 
(415) 283-3795. (1124) 

ROOMMATEWANTED:Own qutet spacious. 
clean room . UTC-area, 10 min_ to UCSD, free 
bust to UCSD, pool. jacuzzi, weight room, tuhy 
equipped kilC/len, 2nd ttoor. Available now. 
Rent: $380. Calt Markus, 458-93040 0< leave 
message. (1124) 

Coun .. lor/RehabllllaUon _ Are you a 
physically oonfident and energetic person? 
Need a challenge? Then you "8 the special 
kJnd 01 person needed to jotn our dynamic 
leam of professionalS WOrking In a stale of the 
art Neurob8havtoral RehabPlogram. Per Diem 
positions available. $7.50 to $8.50 III stan 
depending on naIIab experience andeduc:atlon. 
Only 20 minutes 0" Hwy. 151n North County. 
Send resume or apply to: Maryalen SUllivan, 
NeuroCare at Stone Mounl8ln, 16585Hlghland 
lIalley Road. Ramona. CA 92065. (1124) 
NEED MONEY? JUDGE GYMNASTICSII 
Average $151hr by judging high school meets_ 
Gymnastics experience not needed, but own 
transponatlon Is a mustl We'Utraln you n you 
call us. Patty 587-()922 or Nina 274-2035_ (11 
24-214) 

FOR SALE 
Futon - beaul/ful color, special frame, 
upgraded features. steeps 2, New. sacrifice 
$110. can deliver 226-1398.(1110-1131) 

FUTONS BY WEIGHT. California 
Admtnlalralve Code-Tille 4 Chapter 3. MIc:te 
2, Sectlon 1 1 20. 0-10-requlres a luton's filing 
net weight be knOwn. Weidel Iicklng (natural) 
and sefl luIona lor $1 .<tOIpound. (G1OI5 weight 
on our _led 0e1eClD scale.) An 8· queen. 70 
pounds,Otayers, 1$$96. The number oltayers 
In a Mon Is hogwash. Nwwys know the weight 
10 compare shop and be sure. For polycore 
add $22 (5210). Roth's Warehouse, 4807-F 
MercuryStreel Thursdays. 12-7p.m.:FrIdays, 
12-6p.m" Saturdays, 10a.m.-5p_m" Sundays. 
1 1 am.-4 p.m. 292-4673. (1/7-2125) 

IBM 2ee,30MB HD. W.P.5.1, AutoCAD 10.0. 
more. $6OOibest Must seN. Marc 587-2178. 
(1"7-1131) 

NAGEL'S FRAMED: Mirage Sunglasses 
(Dark), The Playboy Portfolio, and Woman 
with Arms Crossed $50.00 each. Aleda FULL 
WET SUIT (39 med) $65.00. SNOW SKI 'S 
(185) (torbeginnors) $75.00. Ed 792-9135. (1/ 
14-1128) 

1987 Suzukl Samurai JX. convenlble, excallent 
cond"lon, 40,000 ml, amllm cassette. $4,900, 
must see 453·1255. (1114-1124) 
Jeep Laredo CJ7 1981-4 $peed, 4cyl. 51t<, 
I19ry clean, rullS Silang, Soft Top wlHard & 
Soft Doors, PS. PB, CB. Stereo. $5,000. Cal 
Darotcl271 -681'- (1117·2111) 

N_- Never Used Epson Prtmar-$I99. New 
Huron Mountaln Blke-$150. Honda Express 
Moped-$3OO. Toshiba VCR-$200. 459-
1188. (1/17·1131) 

Women's sman: Gonex parka (.-ish) and 
foul weather gear overatls/parka (new). 
Reasonable. Chris 294-7279. (1114-1128) 

2 TANS $1 DISSERTATION WORKSHOPS UNIVERSITY CENTER BOARD PRESENTS 
One for You, One for a Friend 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap · Only $48 

Not a te~ty .... b.I ~ fwD ceIuiII and mtc:h matIts 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct.1204 
455-0909 

Most dot:IcnI IUIInII (64-91~), IIIIf 
~ 1IIir_1IOIII,~.., 
• diaerIIIion pnIng ~ ~ 
niIIIy. Among hM ABOs (AI-8:1-!ht-
Dissertation) a" gen,rally found !lit 

~ inti most CHIIM CIIndiiItaI_ 
Adchai1g lho1t..".1moIved In. 
laYing COfr4lIIIion, !lit IIOIIIshop ~ 
partidplnII. from tJtu.InnIng III following 
IItroughlttd ~ PIfIiculIIIy • 
yeeJS 01 Inactivity II1d rvgerdIess of whirl 
!hey attln !lit process. 

WOIkshop inlormllion 
985-0426 

PosIgraduall GtWp 

Thursday, January 2., 1991 

Blcyae Rac:lnW T rUling wheels, Mavic:-Gp4 
Alms (true). Suntour Hubs, Sew-Ups, $125, 
Seen 587-8948, (1122-1128) 
11187 Honda Elite Scooter SESO, 6000 mile5, 
axcellent condition_ Blacklpurple. $3SO 080_ 
SheIy 268·9732. (1122·1124) 
Plane ticket San-Oak RIT INva 1131 night 
return 2141emale $55 080. 452-0181. (1122-
1124) 
Futon and frame $100, bed $70_ c.n deIiYwr. 
268-0814_ (1122,1131) 

SEIZED CARS, truCks, 4wheel8l1, TVI, 
steraos, tumlllre , comput8rl by DEA, FBI. 
IRS and US custO<nS . Available your .... 
now. Cal 1-805-682·7555 Ext. C-II99_ (1122-
1131) 

IIEJOOSRSSED VA. HUO HOMES available 
from governmantlrom $1 without credit chad<. 
You repair. Also tax delinquent to<edosures. 
CAll 1-1105-682·7555 Ext. H-I443 for repa 
liSt your area. (1122-1131) 

6'8" Single fin Sunset Sutfboa~ , tun bOard 
with leash 5100 080.571 -5345. (1122-1124) 

For sale. Otd$mobiIe, Cutlass Supreme 1978. 
$Il00 as 1$, runs. CaY 567-4976. Ask lor Jaff. 
(1122-1124) 

Pof1abIe CO Player Sony 0-25w1winad remote. 
4 months old wl5 year extended walf8nty. 
$250 080_ Wlrele" Remote w/senaor extra. 
Will negotIate_ Fon 587-9566. (1122-1124) 

Mac plus with STO 3.5· EXT 30 MB HD 2.5 IoAG 
memory, laser prlnler 300 OPI, Microsoft and 
f'IIgemaker. 259-0299_ (1124) 

SMITHCOAONAPWP3 Word processor. 8Ox6 
oof display, disk drive, 32 K, dictionary. Comes 
with manual, disks, cartridges,,_ Wiling \0 
negotiate. Hardly used_ Please call 457·4979 
II inleres*ed. (1124-1128) 
84 FORO ESCORT 4 speed, 8O,3S0 miles, 
eJCCellent shape. clean. relilble. light gray 
exterior, dark gray Interior, AAIIFIoA caasetlll, 
27 MPG, $195OJoffers. Needs good home. 
453·5870. (1124-28) 

1 Il84 Suberu GL. 4WD, Auto. AC, PIWindows. 
ps, tin. MVFM cassette Stereo , sun rool, tow 
mIIea - only 58,000, excelentcondltlon. only 
$3395 (wIU negotiate) . 2n-2940. (1124-214) 
t.Aac:IntoIII Plus wi exwnat 800K drive II1d 
.XIended keyboard. ss00,080. 535-1 679. (11 
24-217) 
Computer-Apple III and Epson printer. Word 
processing, accounting programs, games, 
more. $300. Julie 223-9809_ (1124) 
1 RT tlc:kel1II Sen F ranclaeo, 2114191 -2118191. 
$70_ Paul 534-1923 or 276-4218. (1124) 
CAMERA. Nikon 8008 body with warranty. 
$400 080. Nikkor AF 35·1 05 F3_5 $300 080. 
792-OC158. (1124-1131) 
78 Renau" La Car - sunroof, stereo. __ 
wtweIs. black, looks and runs great. $SIOO. 
Julie 223·\l8OQ_ (1124) 

HOUSING 
Rooms in MW condo East UTC. master, own 
bath. 1-2 people, $800, Single room S450. 
457-09504. (1110-1124) 
MaIeIfemaIa non-smoker to share two bedroom 
townhouse apt near campus. Pool , jacuzzi, 
canyon view. Prefer grad sludent! mature 
undergrad. Reasonably neat, nopets. Available 
Feb 1. Can Unda at 558·9025. (1124) 
Non·smoker wanted to share 2-bedroom 
apartment on Genesee near Nobel with 
Graduate ltudenl. Quiet complex, pool, BBO 
111M, weight equipment $380 + 112 utilltles + 
$250 deposit tor Master bedroom. Cal Gary 
fo< more informatlon_ 695-7815(wor1<) 450-
1579(home). (1114·1124) 
Roommate needed. WF. Singte room In 3 
bedroom condo near Costa Verde and lion's. 
$34OImonth plus 113 utilities. Contact Gina 
452·5966 0< Sean 552-9263. (1114- 1128) 
Roommate wantedl Own room & bathroom, 
hoi tub, pool, sauna_ 5 min from schoOl. From 
1/10 to6/30. $45OImo + 113 utIUties. 457-8093. 
(1114-1128) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Del t.AIr Condo, 2 brl2ba, lurnilhed. pool, spa, 
utiities, b88ch. $425 fllSt. S8SO thereafter_ 
93t-68n. (117-2125) 
Room to< rent. 4 bdrm house In U.C" $362.50/ 
monllt +util. Call Lauri 452-94011. (1114-1124) 
IoAlra Mesa room to< nant. Close to "-Bys. 
buSline, $250-325. CaY Raut 271 -72601534-
2858. (1122· 1124) 

Rooms to< rem: two rooms In beautiful Del Mar 
house, pool, laUndry, $3651mo.Call793-()958. 
(1122-1124) 

Your own room In La Jolla condo. $39OImo. 
plus 11311til. Call now: 535-0715. (1122·1128) 

North La JotIaIUCSD - Roommates wanted 
to share trt-level condominium In La Jolla 

1I~1age Tennis Club. MIF non-smoker, own 
room, tully carpeted, share fuN bath with one. 
$3751month - lease is negotiable I Only 3/4 
mile to campus. Pool. jacuzzi, teIlnls()ourts_ 
JeS18 455-1708. Avallable Immediately. (11 
24-1131) 

OWn room In nice 4 bedrOO<tl house, UTC 
area_ Laundry, fireplace. $2701mo. pluS 114 
util. Contact John. Wanat or Roben 450-
0806. (1128-1131) 

$300 Del Mar. Share room. One blodl to 
beach. Males pref. CalVleave message 755-
9719. (1124-1128) 

Male roommate wanted to share luxurious La 
JaIl Colony condo_ OWn bedmllbthrm. 5450, 
utlJ1Jes Included. 979-3745. (1124·214) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST 1/16: Gold herringbone bracelet with 
hearts . Pleasecall Wendy at S60-S602 n fOund. 
Thanks. (1122-1128) 

PERSONALS 
Brian - gosh you 're lOOking bigger already. 
ONLY 6 weeks and $140 to gol (1124) 

FROM SHARP MINDS 
COME SHARP PRODUCTS 

EL-506D 
10 Digit SclentHlc 

FeabJres a 1 (ktlglt display for greater 
accuracy. Its 252 functions Include 
numet1cal 
Integration, 
time, conver-
slonsand 
calculations In 
BIN, OCT, and 
HEX. 6 types 
of regression, 
Auto PowerOff 
and Memory 
SafeGuard. $'" 8_75 

EL·512 H 
''Thin Man" 
Scientific 

Easy to read 
LeDwith 128 
program steps 
and up to 4 
Independent 
formulas" can 
operate hyper-

-If US1Il' :II 
::~I allAIii. 
_CUD 

••• ...... 
..... 

•••• 

$ 40.95 
bolic functions, rectangular/polar 
conversions, exponents and Inverses, 
linear regression, prediction, and 
degree. Has decimal setting, display 
format change, and Auto PowerOff, 

EL-509D 
147 Function Scientific 

1 O~lg/t display. Calculates fractions and 
time, converts degrees and polar and 

rectangular 
coordinates. 
Has easy error 
correction (right 
shift key), a 
random number 
generator, does 
permutations, 
combinations, 
and hyperbolic 

S ~ 3_50 functions. 

S ~7.50 

EL·573 
10 Digit Solar 

Scientific 
Automatically 
switches be-
tween solar and 
battery power to 
maximize bat-
tery life and to 
operate under 

any light condition. Has 3-key memories 
x 2. 88 functions Including scientific and 
engineering notation, 15 levels of paren-
theses, constant, power, reciprocal, and 

~- • 

UCSD BOOKSTORE I II ." I I ; t II I! ' .! I " 'I 
ELECTRONICS DEPARTMENT 534· 4320 
OPEN: lION· FRJ 7:30· 6 PII AND SAT 9:30· 5 PM 

WIIII · ... -v..t 

l..Nd Guitarist Wanted - wfth good rhythm 
knOWledge and vocal ability lor existing originals 
bane!. W. have a place to practice. Call John 
F. 273-2145 0< JaM T. 452-6403. (1114-1124) 

Are you having Car Trouble? For complete 
Mechanlcall Electrical serv icing and 
maintenance on you car, call OIiERSEAS 
AUTOMOTIIiE at 695-1990. The Best Service 
It the LowfiI Prlcest (1117-1128) 

Are you concerned about the Quality of water 
you drink? Call me at 558-8056 lor drinking 
water at only 3 cents pOI galIOn. (1122-1124) 
"You can't say civilIZatIOn doesn, adVance ... 
In every war they kill you In a new way -" Will 
Rogers (1879-t935) (1122-1124) 

Roger, wtth all my heart. I want you to be mine. 
(1122-2/7) 

SACA W - or should I sey gobble? ShOuld we 
go tor It next Monday orwaitacouple at weeks. 
Mike you need another beer l (1124) 

Do you lovalo lid and party? Then Join RISC 
staffl Applications available nowl 534-4482. 
(1124-1128) 

Apply to be a WARREN COLLEGE RESIDENT 
ADVISOR for the 91 -92 academic year_ 
INFORMATION SESSION TONIGHT. 
Thursday 1124. 8-9 p.m., Warren Apartment 
Commons. (1124) 

nm (physics grad student from illinois) - Why 
did you leave on Friday? Corne to adv-beg 
c:lass or lhe next baUroom dance, okay? The 
Nice Girl. (tI24) 

Powder end Sun! You can have both In 
Jackson Hole with RISCI Call 534-4482 or 
273-21451 (1/24-1131) 

So I lost egain. It was the fish's fault. I wouldn't 
be surprised n all kind of things fatl over soon. 
Maybe the neighbors? (1124) 

Carr1a - I have this feeling thet I am going to 
win on Saturday. lleel" In my blood. After all, 
good-IUCl\-Coco Is back and everything else Is 
looking In my lavor. (1124) 

WEHAYE 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

The editors of U. 
have spoken: 
~_ And, as usual, a few 
newspapers have stood 

out as being the best at 
what they do. 

_ .. Graphically t The 
Guardian, fran the U. of 

California, San Diego 
stands alone 8S the 
leader of computer-

generated graphics. N 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

COVERING 
THE 

CAMPUS 

EXCELLENT 
AUTO INSURANCE RATES 

FOR QUAliFIED STUDENTS 
O'AGNESSA INSURANCE AGENCY 

7841 Balboa Avenue, Ste. 215 
San Diego. CA 92111 

---., 

UCSO: ~ ... ~ SPECIAL : 

279-2434 
....... ~ ... -

10%1 
discount: 

with. 

• this • 

ad : 
___ ..I 



\ 

14 Tbc UCSD Guardian 1bunday, January 24, 1991 

THE 

A.S. Internship Office 
IS HAVING 

Information Night 
TONIGHT 

6:00-7:00 p.m. in Gallery A, 
second floor of the Price Center 

Be prepared after graduation I let the A.S.lntemship Office 
help you choose an internship which will give you 

on-tha-job training, practical work experience and enhance 
your chances of post-graduate employment. 

Discover your potential in: 

and much, much more 
DON'T MISS OUT! 

For more information contact ASIC, 3rd 
Roor, Price Center, or call 534..c689, 

Monday through Friday, 9 a.m.-A p.m. 

Are You A ware of the Advantages 
of Being Cross-Cultural? 

~ \'< lRtfb ~ ~ 
JAPAN. As the distance between S [ft.] ~ the United States and Asia narrows, th~ c P 

who are familiar with the Japanese culture ~ END ~ 
are becoming increasingly more sought-after. The Elite 
Academy of Trend Japan can offer you this experience. 
Trend Japan has had great success in introducing thousands 
of Japanese to the English lanaguage. Here now is your 
opportunity to become a conversational english teacher, 
share in the expansion of Trend Japan and take part in 
the Japan experience. 

IF YOU: ARE WILLING TO ACCEPT: 
t Have I foot Jar cdJege degne • The IeCmity ci I <JDe"YQr cmtnct 

fmdWmg Augmt lS9l piuattJ) • RmDdtrip airfare ((rom either u. 
t Ate I DIme English.. An&eb or Sa Prucixo) 
t ,--tt- . ,;.,. _J th • ..:...:.. • Competitiw Salary and BenefrtJ "'~ "'WI""I lI1nOYIu" II1II en IIolI61UI. • Cmnplcte bousiDg .S'istmce 
t Ate truly intmsted in ~ laJan • Spooaorship IDd Ya 

• PuB ad detaiJed tniDiq 

Then Trend Japau is your key 
to the Pacific Rim! 

To learn 111ft aboat thit opprtuit1, 
ear tam rl ... _tatins will be ill 
the San Dieae II'a RriDI the week rl 
JIIlIII'1 11, 1m hjn'n lid iDler-
rim wiD be clldlded. We Ire Dill 
rll' the SJmc ... I'd tllJ9L r_ 
• .I.1:1:_I:J.u. If .... • • AWlUUllllIIIIW • UK mtertlns 
please call 491-5551 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

The UCSD Journal ofUodetgraduate Research 

GET PUBLISHED 
We will accept your research 
papers for any major, in any 
field, including critical essays, 
expanded tenn papers, 
condensed senior or 
honors theses. 

I ... ·••. 
We will also publish photos. 
Entries should be black and 
white photos, 5x7. • . ~ • 

Deadline for both re ... ch papers 
.nd photo. Is FrIday, Febru., 8. 

Pl •••• submit .ntrI •• to the 
U$ Grants office In the PrIce C.nter. 

Any questions? Dial 534-3917. 
• •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

LL DYIANS· 
35% TO 55% OFFI 

NOW THRU SUNDAY ONLYII 
SAVE U!. 

• CAtS now from $53.95 
• M.eaI AYkItorI now $57.85 • ClA~ WAYFARER $ now .... 
• BaIorcI na now $7 •• 10 Amedea s most 3735 
• Ciubmalter now $113.75 =ar sunglasses 
• and much, much more 

lAVE .. !. 

Sale endIl/27 /91 

w1a'ifi, ~& "Ti 
The Sun_.".. Leader 

LA JOLLA VILlAGE SQUARE • 8856 Vl1A LA JOLLA DRIVE #«)1 - 535-0366 

Thunday, January 24, 1991 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

M. HOOP 
Continued from pege 16 
executing," he added. 

"All five [players] have been hiuing on all five 
cylinders, and it couldn't have come at a bener time." 

According to Marshall, the Tritons need to collect at 
least 20 wins - five wins in their remaining seven 
games - 10 bener their chances of earning a SPOI in the 
NCAA Tournament. 

Marshall said thai the victories wouldn't mean an 
automatic berth, but they would put the Tritons in good 
positon for the tourney, possibly even as a host. 

"We're in a position to really bust through and finish 
the season on a positive note," he said. 

And Marshall expects Friday night will result in high 
spirits for the Tritons. 

Marshall said CSUSB has "great athletes" and "is 
definitely capable of beating [UCSD)." 

The Tritons have been preparing for a "faster paced 
transition game" from the Coyotes, who run a "freedom-
oriented" offense, Marshall said. 

He noted that UCSD has fared well this year against 
teams employing.similar strategies. 

Marshall also mentioned that CSUSB (6-14) has two 
particularly dangerous players, forward Ron Ligon and 
wing Darren Queen, whom the Tritons will focus on 
stopping . 

PHILLER 
Continued from page 16 
trenches type of mentality. and it ended - as the 
nation watched Phil Simms and Ronnie Lott in a linte 
face-to-face confrontation - with the same level of 
emotional intensity as it began. 

But alas, there were fans and critics alike who 
berated both contests as failures. These two games 
had everything, they said. but a lot of scoring. They 
did not live up to their billings. And without much 
scoring, how could these games even be considered 
exciting, let alone great? 

Just who are these people? 
Then I understood. These are the same type of 

people who watched Sunday's earlier gwne and 
bubbled with excitement as the Bills made mince-
meat out of the Raiders. These are the same people 
who delighted in watching the 4gers romp over the 
Rams and the Broncos in January of 1990. These are 
the people who thought they were watching some 
"great football" when the Giants dominated in 1987, 
the Rams rolled in '86, and the 4gers cruised in '85. 

Marshall noted that reserve point guard Chris Ressa 
has begun rehabilitation for his injured knee, and he Brien ik:;ri;;(~~ 

Let's face it: that was one-sided football. Com-
plete domination. Destruction. But they were not 
great football games. It was not the kind of football 
that was. played in late January, 1989 between the 
4gers and Bengals. And it was not the kind of 
football that was played in Candlestick Park last 
Sunday . 

expects him back sometime in February. Tim Rapp (right) leads UCSD in scoring, averaging 23.8 ppg. The memory of last weekend' s NFC Champion-
ship will not fade easily. But if history is any indica-
tion, football fans everywhere will put Super Bowl 
XXV out of their memories in rapid fashion. w. HOOP 

ContInued from page 16 
travel north to play Southern Cal Col-
lege, a "strong" team that Malone thinks 
"has a pretty balanced offensive game." 

The Vanguards might be addition-
ally hard to handle since the Tritons' 
leading scorer, junior forward Cari 
Young, is " not at 100 percent" because 
of a badly sprained left thumb, accord-

ing to Malone. 
" [The sprain) is on her shooting hand, 

and that definitely affects her perfor-
mance, because it has to be taped 
heavily," Malone said. 

"She scored 14 points against Pomona 
[last Friday], but you could tell that she 
was having some trouble with [the 
thumb]." 

Despite her injury, Young continues 
to play through the pain. 

BEING-FIT 
NO INITIATION FEE 

At only $20 a month with no 
contract, you can't get a 
better bargain, 

. -AEROBICS -NAUTILUS 
-FREE WEIGHTS -UFECYCLES 
-STAIRMASTERS -REEBOK STEPS 

-PERSONAL INSTRUCTION 
•• MILES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 CIaIremont Mesa Blvd. 
Cknmont Squcn ShoppIng c.nter 

(Near Lee Wads, behild Pat's Sport) 
483-929. 

also located near SOSU (698-1702) 

NOW OPEN 

~IDEO GALl ERY 
\\OSTA VERDE CENTER 

BiUftt SBLBCTlON in tM Area • Free Porlru., 
NEW IEIEA_: MO' BEITER BLUES 

• THE FRESHMAN. YOUNG GUNS II • LEMON SISTERS 
co.N8 SOON: DIE HARD II 

Bri"6 This Ad to Rent One Movie 
and get a Second Rental FREE! 

Monday thru Thursday. ElIpfts 1/31/il 

8750 Ge1lettee in the Costa Verde Center 
..., 'M s-P ll#1toIt6e' 460-1766 

Houn: Sun.·Thun. 11 om·9 pmlFri.·~ 11 am·l0 pm 

"She's a real gamer," Malone said. 
Even though the Tritons will be at a 

disadvantage due to Young's injury, 
Malone thinks that the Tritons' inside 
game, spearheaded by 6'2" sophomore 
center Lisa Beaver, should prove to be 
too much for the Vanguards. 

After a relatively convincing win over the Dol-
phins and a total mauling of the Raiders, the Bills 
have all that postseason momentum on their side 
heading into a game some people consider more 
important than the recent developments in the Persian 
Gulf. But if the Giants don't mue it exciting, this 
game will dissipate in our minds faster than a Patriot 
can knock out a Scud. Let ' s hope it doesn 't happen 
- besides, I'm sleeping in on Sunday. I won·t need 
an afternoon nap. 

"Theirtallest player is 5'11", so even 
ifCari couldn't play, [think they would 
have trouble matching up with us inside," 
Malone said. 

• 

~--------------------------------~---

With Access Checking 'rom the UCSD Student Credit Union, you won 't be nickeled 
and dlmed to death. Unlike other accounts that ding you a dollar here and there , 
Access Checking has no hidden costs. With a low minimum balance, your 
account Is FREEl "you do occasionally fall below the minimum, you'll only be 
charged $4. '(UnleSS you really fall below and overdraw your accounU) 

-

OUI Access Checlelng ACCDunt FatultlS: 
• No service fee with $400 or mOil 
• Eam dividends on balance 0' $600 or more 
• NO PER CHECK CHARGE 
• FREE ATM card 
• FREE ATM access at all STAR System (R) ATMs 
• FREE overdrMlt protection (upon approval) 
• FREE 24 hour account ICceSS by phonl 

Come In between classes and talk to 

·W~ 
.1 UCSD STUDENT II CREDIT UNION 

A Service Df ASUCSO 
/.Dalll In Ih. DId Stlllllnl CsnlBf 
TlllphD". TfllflKtlon 'lid 
''I'"""IIDn C,"IIr: 463·5195 

Rilla I .. Fa. All Sl~j.ct II ChI",. 
WiIIIDIII PtiDr IIDtICl 

I 



" 

16 SPORTS 

SPORTS PHILLER . "". ,:: ::. 

Not Another 
Super Bore 
F OROET THE BILLS' ROllT OF the Raiders in last Sunday's AFC Champi-
on hip game for a econd. Or at 
least try to, because nobody -
except for maybe the Bill ' 
faithful- wants to remember it 
E pecially with Super Bowl 
XXV on the very near horizon, 
where thi kind of thing could 
easi ly happen again, and leave 
u ,con equently, with Super 
Bore XlV. Or will it be Super 
Bore XV? Or XVI? 

But if another Super Bore 
doe rear back it ugly head and 
. awn into our living room this 
Sunday afternoon, it will be hard 
to place the blame on the New 
York Giant . The Giant ' 
outstanding effon in last 

unday' . hard-fought NFC 
Champion hip game again t the 
San Franci co 4gers may have 
landed them in a Super Bowl 
they cannot win; but, if nothing 
el e, it implanted a permanent 
impre sion and memory in the 
minds of football fans every-
where. It was a game that people 
are not likely to forget. 

S UNDAY'S NFC Champion-ship - a 15-13 New York 
victory - was one of those 
great, never-Ieave-your- eat. 
down-to-the-wire nail-bi ters. The 
game had it a11- hard hits, 
cru hing sacks. costly turn-
overs ... even a fake punt. It wa 
one of tho e games where you 
had to throw all the statistics, al\ 
the projected match-ups, and all 
the prediction straight out the 
window as the opening kickoff 
went airborne. 

Somehow, you knew there 
was no way this game was going 
to be played on paper. This was 
an emotionally charged contest, 
and it was won on the field, in 
the grass. face-down in the turf. 
Hand in your face-mask, bruised 
sternum, where's the oxygen -
you know, that type. And it was 
a dandy. 

I N FACT, it was rather similar to the regular season 
Monday night match-up between 
the e two NFL powerhouses, 
when the Niners squeaked by 
with a 7-3 victory. That was a 
game, now that I think about it, 
which probably received the 
same amount of hype - if not 
more - than the championship 
game. It too was a game charac-
terized by those devastating 
blows, that good 01' in-the-

See PHILLER, Page 15 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 24,1991 

Tritons Put 
Win Streak 
On the Line 
• Preview: Men's hoop ranked 
11 th in latest coaches' poll 
By ttNther Holtzclaw 
Associat. Sports Editor 

Men's basketball Head Coach Tom Marshall 
doesn't expect much from Friday's game versus 
CSU San Bernardino. 

All Marshall anticipates is an exciting match-
up, as well as another victory for the streaking 
Tritons. 

" I expect [CSUSB] will be competitive, but I 
also expect we'll win," Marshall said. 

The simple expectation will probably soon be a 
reality for the Tritons, ranked second in the NCAA 
West Region and 11th nationally. 

This will be the first of two scheduled games 
against the Coyotes this season. 

The Tritons (15-3) defeated CSUSB in all three 
of last season's contests. 

"They are very talented," Marshall said. "Their 
record doesn't reflect how capable they are ... San 
Bernardino has just failed to jell." 

Marshall has no intention ofletting the Coyotes' 
untapped talent break loose in the UCSD Main 
Gym. 

Especially with a six-game winning streak on 
the line. 

"I think we've been playing better now than we 
have in the past five weeks," Marshall said. "[Earlier 
in the season], we were existing on pure talent; we 
weren't really executing. 

BrIen IIon1&'Guanfsn "The last couple of weeks we've really been 
Junior forward Rick Batt is ranked in the top five in the nation in field goal percentage. See M. HOOP, Page 15 

Victories Vital for 
Women's Hoop 
• Preview: An NCAA spot is on the line for 
the Tritons as they face The Master's, sec 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD women's basketbaU team can 'tafford to lose any more 
games this year. 

That may seem like a bit extreme, but according to Head Coach 
Judy Malone, the Tritons can't expect to make the NCAA Tourna-
ment if they lose any of their remaining \0 contests, including 
tomorrow night 's home game against The Master's College and 
Saturday 'S contest at Southern Cal College. 

"There are several strong teams in our region, including the 
number one and number three ranked teams in the nation," she said. 

The Tritons are currently rated seventh if) the NCAA's West 
Region, which means that if the NCAA tournament selection were 
held today, the Tritons would fall at least two spots short of being 
chosen to play in the postseason. 

"[The NCAA) took five tearns from the West last year," Malone 
said. 

"Since our region is so strong again this year, I think they'll 
probably give bids to five [western teams] again." 

And that means that UCSD will have to keep winning in order to 
break into the top five in the West and make it into the "big party" at 
the end of the season. 

The Tritons hope to keep their postseason hopes alive at 6 p.m. 
Friday night at the expense of The Master's College, who Malone 
thinks will be a bit overmatched by her 12-4 Tritons. 

"[The Master's] is about the level ofUC Santa Cruz, who we beat 
fairl) easily [60-49 on January 14]," Malone said. 

" ut we still can't afford to look past them, even though we're 
playing them here." 

Th", true test for UCSD may come this Saturday when the Tritons 
SeeW. HOOP, Page 15 

IrIIn 1IorrteIGuMt.J 
Ssnlor8ematJette Dlepenbrock Is IooIcJng towarcIthe NCAA Toumey. 


