
.OPINION 
While all eyes seem to 

be focused on the war in 
the Persian Gulf, another 
act of aggression is going 
on almost invisibly - the 
Soviet Union's brutal 
crackdown on the demo-
cratic governments of the 
Baltic republicslPAGE 4 

.SCENCE 
wt.IlOIIIIeODe men-

... Hubble S.-e 
TeleIcope, _ in ellilfe 
reaction miabt be. 'It 
doeIa't wort. 0 .... 
4IIUCSD II 
IIIIIIdIII .. ..." 
~ UIiq the pII1I 
of Ibe Hubble. clesianed 1& 
UCSDo to lam about 
diaat qlaan/PAGE , 

.FEATURES 
For owr to ,..., die 

UCSD Life FIi&bt belkop-
lei' system tIM SPed the 
Uvea of aauma vicdma in 
San DieJo. But In additioa 
to Ibeir victories. Lite 
FlJablIIIdf mEmben bave 
10 deal wiIb dIIe r ,. • 
by CIllO, IrIeIPAOE' 

Beginning of War Brings 
More Demonstrations 
By Alyssa Enlow 
Staff Writer 
and Mary Betty Heard 
Associate News Editor 

A war erupted in the Pe ian 
Gulf on Wedne day. students and 
faculty rallied to upport or prote t 
the conflict. A erie of antj-war 
rallie began Thur day moming and 
continued throughout the day a 
protesters moved from the gym tep 
to Revelle Plaza and finally to the 
Federal Building in downtown San 
Diego, joining demonstrators from 

. all over the city. 
At the gym step ,peace activists 

fonned a human chain and called 
for a "silent prote t." Demon tra-
tors held igns such as: "We' re all 
human! ," "Don ' t believe the 
Bushlt," "Lives are more precious 
than Crude!," and "Just Say Why!" 

The centerpiece of the chain was 
a large banner which read: "UCSD 
Alliance for Peace - To Inform, 
Organize, and Act." 

Muir College junior Chri ty 
. McGrath, explained one of the in-
tentions of the rally. 

"~aily life should not go on as 
normal." she said. "We should shake 
up the campus and make people 
thiok." 

W..-en College senior Sharon 
Figel, an organizer of the event, 
explained, "We're gathering today 

- to try to spread awareness and make 
people ask why - why war and 
why now?" 

Otherprotesters made their views 
known with hand-held signs and 
banners on walls. 

Several crosses, intended to look 
like grave markers, were placed on 
the hump. The crosses were labeled 
with identifications such as, 
"Someone you would've liked," 
"Your boyfriend," "A human," and 
"You?" 

The crowd on the hump watch-
ing the protesters appearedpuzzled, 
and most stood in silence. 

Fifth College sophomore Hallie 
Bahr, who observed the protest, said 
that "there seems to be a lot of 
confusion. Some people are jump-
ing to take sides without reaIJy 
thinking." 

Muir CoUege senior Anne State 
~ to feel the same way as 
Babe. 

"A lot of u are looking on be-
cau e we' re confu ed about the 
whole situation," State said. "I'm 
tom because I want peace but maybe 
we hould top [Iraqi President 
Saddam Hussein) before he becomes 
another Hitler." 

The protest turned into a shout-
ing match when "Brother Jed" 
Smock, a common sight in Revelle 
Plaza described as a "religiou fa-
natic" by many tudents, appeared 
to proclaim hi disgust with the 
demonstration. 

"Until yesterday I was praying 
for peace, but now I'm praying for 
victory," Smock aid. 

He then began loudly debating 
with the protesters. Some members 
of the human chain taunted him 

See PROTESTS, Page 8 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
UCSD student Monique Vaillancourt (above, right) protested at 
the Federal Building downtown on Thursday night following a 
large rally and teach-in at Revelle Plaza early in the day (below). 

Jenny Vann/Guardian 

Reactionto5-year UCSD AffinnativeAction Plan is Mixed 
By Rachel BI8ckbum 
Stall wn.er 

A new five year plan for atfuma-
live action developed last August 12; 
setmajor'goals forstudentaffinnative 
action at UCSO over the period be--
l\WIeO 19891R1 1994. 

The UCSD Five-Year Under-
8J'8du* SIudc:tt Affinnative Action 
(SM) Plat is to target student popu-
lations defined as those groups which 
have been subjcclrd to "racial, ethnic, 
or gender discrimination and are un-
der-represerted in the student body of 
!hie uc, " or "individuals from docu-
rnr.dCd Iow-inoome and edllCabon-
ally disadvantaged family back-
growlds." 

Such groups include African 
~ ArnerK3I India1, 

~Arner1c3t,andlow­
iname students in the ~ of out-
reach, admissiom, acabnic perfor-
maoce,retenion,graduation,and(X&-
baocaJal ireafe opportunities. Women 
are also targdr.d for ~ and 
gntduatioo (X&-bacr.aJal!reale place-
mcnefforts in certain majors in which 
they are undec-represenkd, such as 
engineering. Laboo and Filipino SIU-
derU are also targeted for acadcmic 

~, retention, graduaboo, 
and (X&-baccalaureate pIacernctt ef-
for1s. 

A major proposal of the pW! is to 
focus 00 ~ the runber of 
SAA sb.Ideds admiard k> UCSD. 

Acoording to AssociaIrJd Students 
PmIiderdomEdson, by reacbUl80ut 
k> sIUder1s as early as the junior high 

level or younger, the plan "success-
fully addresses the social pressures 
involved in convincing a prospective 
high school SfUdent to gear their high 
school curriculwn toward the A-F 
ct.ses oecdr:d to be eligible for the 
UC" 

Edson believes, however, that the 
wUversity slndd extent its outreach 
proposals 10 include local conununity 
coUeges, which "offer an alternative 
route of er1Jy into the UC system for 
SAA studcrD who fail to meed UC 
eligibility ~ [upon) high 
school gndIIIion." 

These itib. ItIdS are echoed by 
MEOlA, UCSO's OUcano-Latino 
organization. According to Victor D. 
NiebIas, chIir of MEOlA, one of the 
major pdJlaus wiIh the reauitJne:m 

Guardian File Photo 
A.S. President John Edson 

of wxler-represented groups i that 
outreach focuses on high school rather 

See PLAN, Page 15 



2 NEWS 

IIIItIary ActIon In the Gulf IncIIee 
Allpo."188 on UC c.npue. 

SIt ...... systemwide have perdcipMe<l in VIIiouI 
delnDilSttldons ro protest rec«JIIllClioDl IIba ill 1be 
PasianGuIf. Although theeuctnumberllldendwej_ 
of the participanIs varies from 8Chool to ICbooI, 1be 
following is an example of some of me activities takiag 
place 11 odJer UC c:ampuses. 
• Berkeley 

Qasscs start today aa Berkeley. and two ..... i .. 
vigils - organized by the SIUdents for Peace in die 
Persian Gulf - have already been beld on campus, ODe 
yesterday and anodler a week ago. 

Two teach-ins have been planncd for loday. Adie-inis 
planned for tomorrow, followed by a torchlight vigil OIl 
Thursday. 

One group of students is organizing a campus-wide 
walkout of students, faculty, andstaffonJan. 28.butlbcre 
are no indications of how successful it will be, since 
students return to class today. 

• Davis 
Davis students are holding an around-the-clock vigil 

for peace in addition to yesaerday's rally and march to 
demonstrate for peace and to celebrate Martin LuIber 
King Jr,'s birthday. 

Marches in Davis have stopped traffic, and several 
rallies have been held on campus. A rally Saturday in 
Sacramento at the Capitol building drew 3,000 people, 
including students from UC Davis. 

Several teach-ins have taken place, including one OIl 
Friday that was sponsored by the UC Davisadminstration. 
A student-sponsored teach-in will bebcldoo Thursday. 

A p~warrally is also plannedforsomecimetbis week. 

• irvine 
In Irvine, ~ have been duee procesII. including a 

teach-inattendedby I ,OOOstudcolllast Monday. Follow-
ing the teach-in, 400 toe tags were distributed so studeols 

Calvin and Hobbes 

The UCSD Guardian 

couJd panicipIIfe in adie-in to syQllldilome,.... c:aqI-
lieaofwar. 

Oneo(tbemlJy'5speakas~ApI."""'" 
of Irvine and founder of die 0IpniDtire far IllaDvllive 
Diplomacy. 

AllUlllberof froaldJe ........ toakadv trot 
!be two-miIIIIII ......... open IlliCiqlballe to ....... 
views, wbecber-, "" tpiIIIt Ibe Wll'orlUppOdCd it. 

Weclnesdl.y~JAI» ",edmts IllICIt CUIide tile s.-.. 
Ceaf« for &Cr " ,. .... 'Ii&iL The aext day, 700 piCIIMn 
plbuedlldieSladaca.eoobject1OA"Wic:InilMllv. 
lDIIIt ... eobald ..... _B.Y.o.&.a.-.... ,.. 
otmbody .... • 

Tuaday, January 11,1991 

CIIJIIIUI fIcuIly SeoIII. Ho was mc;epIive to their views. 
butcidaotp,.dwnlJllJCbbape .... YOUIlIwouJd agree. 
.IInF ..... 

A UCs.o~. cllM."O'epi __ ve said IbIlIbere bad 
.1I9Jl_., ... dilrupdanfll1be ......... AlmoItalltbc 
_ ......... In aliu:ity, ....... Il10 ' .. orb 

10 die PederIl ~ bK:luded 

Scaeofdltptl' II} .obIeIveda ... ofn:ftecdoeia • 
Ibrirc:r.... .... 0. j 'a ......... ~eady lDaIiow :::=~=:=t::=:=:=:: 
........ 1DGpIII ... todIIcI .... dMM ...... lldfe I'. Joud-""' .~"'''''' 

A pouptA ........ eacourIIiIIpeaplelD~ wiDdDwL 
classes today ia .... .,...... 1be ... du., ... rell ............. 1 ~., 450 
• Los Ar .... 

InlAe ADpIea.IGId •• beId.raUy ~lbIteoded 
widl aevetIllIiDdIed ..... spendiaa the aigbr inside die 
......... buI .... About20srudenlapdleRdaa7a.m., 
boycoaing their c1asIeI to attend. By 9:45 a.m .. die crowd 
gJe9I to I SO. At noon. wbea me rally starIcd, students walked 
out or class to show support. 

Tbe march. which drew approximalely 2,100 students, 
wound througb me campus and stopped in fnlIIl of !be 
cllana:llor'soltice. Theswdenls theuSeludelegalion inside 
10 request tbII ChwWIgr awtes Young canoeI classes 
ampuawide for a IIICMOrium next 1bursday before they 
realized that be WIllI ialtiwnideaa the UC Regt:nts. meeting. 

Tbedeleplioo 8pCbto Young 00 a speaterphone, butbc 
refusedtocanoelcluscsormate the hourandahalfdrive from 
Riverside to meet widl1bcm on Thursday. He did agree to 
meec with die deJepdoo Friday afternoon after die rqenIS' 
meecins 

The aowd ou1IIide iDcJudod Vietnllll veteran Ron Kovic, 
00 wbom!be movie"Bomoa 1be Fourth of July," was bMcd. 
Kovic $pdcelltlbe 8IUdenIa lItenc::ourllF them and told diem 
thai in this iMIDce, it ns dIey woo bad inspired him to 
protest. 

After waming studenIs that arrests would begin Friday 
morning if !be students lricd to inlenupt DOIIDII WOItiag 
c::ooditioas, die admini.sIraIion allowed SIUdcnta to spend die 
night in the building wiIhout biking acdon against them. 

StudeGlsspcnldle~lDdc:bantingaslbeysatOll 
tbe floor. Spilt up into small groups with • delignated leader, 
students also discussed various courses of actioo with David 
Kaplan, UCLA Philosophy professor and c:bainnan of the 

by Bill Watterson 

TlAT l£S'SCtl ~ 0lI\l't) 
S \IWf\.~ ~ ~ ~ 

I LIIC£ 1WIw) n4~ 
tnn ~E" 

1I£~'4\~ 
'*lOIFlCAnOW . 

cleaaCO"....., .1iHn1l ........ 'IIiuu ...... 
1be .... oc;cupied Ibe eaIiJe &Il floor. aDd..,... 
sao. who c:ouId DOt fit imide. beJel I rally 0UISide. Mally 
....... refueed toleave whenthebuilding cJosedat 5:30 
p.m., resulting in 192 anaIS. 

On Wectnr.lay,afterwordoftbewlI'aUledSbIdents, 
• widely publicized rally was to be held at 6 p.m. 

During the rally, students divided inIo smaD groups to 
decided what Idndaof action to tate in such areas as civil 
cIisobedieDce, phone calls to leaisJa1oa. and addid<mII 
raDies. 

AooIber Ally 00 'lbunday din a CIOWd of abou& 
4,000, iDcludiag approximaIely ISO pro-warcfeDxlaua. 
tors. One soun:e said Milley ~ rumored to be from a 
poIiIicalorpai:r.tJion inOranaeCounty, but the claim had -
not been c:oofiIuled.. 

As tbe pro-warfaction tried to heckle tbespeabrs and 
disrupt the rally, proIeS1OrS shouted beet counter-chanls. 
After two and a bIIf boars. saIdmIs started to m.dJ 
8I'OUDd campus and into cIaSInJcma and die Iibr.-y in 

groupsof~. 
0ne~aJIIII'IICfOr1ocaledne.IbeSanra~ 

campus w. pickeledFriday by lSOlIUdenca.Aa:oiAia 
tooaeSOUR:e, 1beI'ewasasiztatliepoUcepresence,butthe 
eveor was peacefulllldno anats wae made. 

• Santa Cruz 
UC SamaOuzclOleddowneodrely on Thuraday'" 

Priday. No~IYIiIIbI8 • .,... .... 

• RIversIde 
No informaIioo was available aI press time. 

GUAanIAN 

Tuaday, January 22,1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Campus Construction Slows Traffic 
• New power grid causes delays south of Canyonview 
By Phil Gruen 
Senior Staff Writer 

MEChAHo~sCon~de 
For High School Students 

Traffic delays at the intersection of 
Voigt Drive and Lyman Avenue,just 
south of the Canyonview Athletics & 
Recreation building are expected to 
continue for the next couple of weeks 
as pan of a $6.1 milJion project which 
funds the wiring of a new power sys-
tem through campus. Theenrireproject 
is expected 10 stretch into May or June, 
according to Paul Alatorre, a senior 
eJectricaI engineeralli UCSD'sproject 
manager for the power upgrade. 

Alatorre estimated that work on 
along Voigt Drive, in the vicinity of 
Lyman Avenue, will be completed by 
Jan. 30, provided there is no rain or 
"other obstacles." He explained that 
the wodcers have encountered some 
unexpected obstacles which have in-
terfered with the flow of the project 
and caused delays. 

"There are a lot of obstructions 
we'veruninlO," Alatorresaid "We've 
found gas lines ... even an old duct 
bank -150 feet of it - which forced 
us to re-route the project two or three 
feet and dig it up all over again." 

But the completion of the section 
of the project south of Canyonview 
does notlllllrl< the end of this quarter's 
campus traffic delays. Work on 
Canyonview Road, the road that 
stretches around the Warren College 
Apanments, is continuing and is not 
scheduled to be fmished until Feb. 15. 
In the next couple of weeks. work will 
begin on both sides of the Interstate-5 
overpass, and willll(){ be cleared until 
a projected date of March 15, accord-
ing to Alatorre . 

In a different area of campus, 

Construction projects, including a power upgrade and a loop road 
through Revelle College, are slowing traffic on campus. 
Alatorre explained that work contin-
ues on Scholars Drive adjacent to the 
Thi¢ College paOOng lots, and the 
road will be dug up in "150 foot sec-
tions" all the way to Muir College 
Drive until Feb. 15. 

"We're going to II)' to keep the 
delays [00 Scholars Drive] no longer 
than three minutes," he said. 

Each separate project, upon 
completion, will also involve the pull-
ingofcables inside themanholes along 
the streets. Alatorre explained that this 
work will require a barricade, which 
should allow for two-way traffic with 
little delay. He projected that the work 
could average one day per manhole, 
but that some stretches of road have 
"15 manholes, and it could take about 
15 days," 

The entire project involves the dig-

ging up of roads at various locations 
throughout campus to install cables 
whichwilldistJibute 12kilovolts(kV) 
of power from a 69kV sub tation 
within a university-constructed en-
closure at Genesee Avenue on the 
nonh side of campus. 

UCSD is currently upplied with 
enough power, but its three existing 
separateoff<ampus substations which 
supply 12kV of power may not be 
adequate to serve the entire campus in 
abouta yearorso, according to Carroll 
Winer, assistant director of engineer-
ing services for UCSD's Facilities, 
Design. andConsauction Department 

" [The new power upgrade] gives 
us better reliability and much more 
capacity,"Wittersaid. "Sixty-ninekV 
power is much more reliable than 
12kV power." 

UCSD SPECIALS 
• . I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundal 
-c" Mltsublshl Isuzu Acura Dalhatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our sat/slllJd customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $35 ~reg. $55) 

ByAlyaaaEnlow 
StaffWritsr 

MEChA (MovimientoEsru-
diantil Chicano de Aztlan), 
UCSO's Chicano students' or-
ganization, held its Second An-
nual High School Conference in 
the Price Center on Saturday. 
Approximately 200 students 
from San Diego and Imperial 
Valley schools attended the all-
day function. 

The purpose of the confer-
ence, according to Ofelia 
CefVera, a Fifth College sopho-
more and an organizer of the 
event, was "to motivate more 
Cllicano and Latino students to 
continue their education past 
high school, even if it's not to 
UCSD." 

Many of the students might 
not otherwise decide to go to 
college because they have not 
been exposed 10 the options. 

Agustin Orozco, a Muir Col-
lege junior and co-chair of the 
event, explained that "tradition-
ally, a lot of these students feel 
that they can't make it [to col-
lege] because of societal barri-
ers. We'dliketoshowtbemthat 
if we' re here, they can make it. 
too." 

A letter to the participants 
echoes this idea, stating, "power 
through education is our solu-
tion ... BROWN AND PROUD 
FOR THE NINETIES." 

The conference opened with 
the chant "Love, Peace, and 

1. SpirIt plugs ax UII/ up Includes Bioi""", "., 0Ih«s. h indudIIs: 
2. Oistribukir pof1Is 8. cae., , rapIaniIh II IIuid , oiIlMIs 10. Chedr. oodatarrIage fof d;rnagn DAILY WEAR ............. $89 
3. CondeMn 7. Chedr. bnNs 11 . Chect cooing &yIItm' hoses 
4. AdjIsI timing 8. Chect duId1 12. Road test 
5. Adjust dwell qIe 9. ChedlIights 

,2!~Oint M!jp.!.,!e",~~~§.Eecial (!~~. 
2. VaNe aqustmen: 11 . Adjust timing 21. C/le(:k a replenish all 

Repaca: 12. Adjust dweI angle nuid and oiIleYeis 
3. Vaive rover gasllet 13. Adjust carburelor 22. C/le(:k aIeIricaI sysIem 
4. Sp.x plugs 14. Adjust steering box 23. Check lor loose or lost 
5. Distributor points 15. Aqus air' luel ratio rrix bolts 
6. Condensers. 16. A~ust dutdt 24. Check brakes 
7. AIr fitter. 17. A~ust brakes 25. C/le(:k dIJtcI1 
8. Oil fitter. 18. Adjust enwrgency bral!es 26. C/le(:k ig/l1S 
9. Gas filter. and 19. Chad! , adjust exposed 27. CIIecK undercarriage for 
10. Engine oil belts damages 

20. Lube lront end 

28. Chad! and recharge 
batttIY. ~ necessary 

29. Rotat. tires (H needed) 
30. Chad! tire preS$Ure 
31. Lube door hinges 
32. Check all holders 
33. Chad! CCOOIing system .\ 

hoses 
34. ChedI exhaust system 
35. Road test 

Hoct: FOI kyWftr cart odd 120. T oyell S<9 ... odd SJO. DalIun 2QOSX with 8 sporl< plugs. odd $35. 

Complete Clutch Job $169 * 
W8f1p/ac8: 

1. Transmission input shaft seal (except 4. Throwout beari'og Not.: Hydraulic parts are not COVeted. 
Hondas 5. Pilot be~ N<lIIot 4WO. Front wheel drive extra. 

2. f'resaJr. plaia 6. New transmission 011 • 
3. CMc:II disc 7. Road tes\ 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
Frrxr or rw.1hIw job Includes: 

t . !nsIaI special new pads or insIMt nIIIr brake shoes 5. BIeId II1tir. br. system 
2. Onin Old brW fIlid 6. Adjust front (~ciums) and rear sI10es 
3. 1n1ped ~ ~ system 7. RepIa 1rOO! roICIf seals (~ rotor nm) 
4. RIll hyIhuIic I\Jid 8. RoacIIISt 
..... :..,.,.... ..... /lCllia.dod 

(Cooperthin) 
EXTENDED WEAR .... $105 
(8 & l, 03104) 
BROWN EYES BLUE ..... $199 
(Myopes only) 
_ : compIt1t eye ..... inaIion· GIa.coma 
lilt • lire IYIIudng , fitIi'G ·PIir of _ 

_lorm)'O!*(~·FoIIooHp~· 
s...don ... 1IiI· F .. iM'I.dioro & troIriog . 
T_ ......... ~·OI1trnlljortr .... " 
_. Ok gooG lor 1IrIt-1fm. para 

Power to the People." Victor 
Nieblas, the chairman of 
MEChA, then called for "a m0-
ment of silence to remember the 
troops," adding "We' vegotto bring 
them home, they shouldn't be 
there," he added. 

Duringtheconference,students 
attended a series of workshops on 
subjects ranging from career op-
portunities to the role of Oticana 
andLatina women in past, present, 
and future society. 

Students could choose two out 
of seven of the workshops, but 
were required to IXIJ1icipate in a 
woJtshop entitled "Olicano Mo-
tivation." 

In his keynote speech, Sergio 
Chavez, a UCSD alumnus and 
fonner high school teacher, ex-
plained that he prefers 10 use the 
tenn "Chicano" because it is the 
only name for his ethnic group that 
is not a foreign tenn. It is derived 
from the name "Mechicano," 
meaning "indigenous," which the 
Aztecs called themselves, as 0p-
posed to other tenns that Europe-
ans have placed upon them. 

Chavez continued by reiterat-
ing the theme of the conference, 
saying "Education must make you 
uneasy ... Knowledge ispower,and 
knowledge of self is the path to-
wards what you will be." 

Speaking of Olicano oppres-
sioninthepastandpresent, Cllavez 
concluded by saying that he has 
often been called. a racist 

See MEChA, Page 15 

An additional 

$5 OFF 
any second pair 
of contact lenses 

or eyeglasses 

ASK ABOUT 
OUR NO-WAIT 

REPLACEMENTS 
STARTING AS LOW 
AS $19 PER LENS 

WE NOW HAVE 
DISPOSABLE 

CONTACT LENSES 
.......... ,..... A8k ........... a ........ ,. ...... OWerll ... L 

All .. werle ..... ~ or 20,0001IIII"""'" w.....tr. Professional 

SIngle \/Ilion only 
• Men 1hen 8O'Jto • Up 10 20% I*V*1IIr • 
tlgl-.1IIr IIrW\ aim ...... 
'""'-d • IN ""'*'U 
-*'" oomIorI ............. 

AII ......... c ..... perta ........ 

o'8II-se~.e (·mastcats) U -~ 8008 Miramar Rd . ...1890 
........ AIPIIII OIfw~lI1roi,gh~I""lhI"d 

.. \Allor ippOiitllll8l1l 

•••••••• Towing nf ra1IaI car available. Monday-Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm. Open ... ....., 

visioncare 
8780 Miramar Rd • 

1 'I. miles east at 805 behind Carl's Jr. 

578·6796 
Mutercard Inc! 

VI .. 8OCep!td 



--

OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN, Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN. Managing Edilor 
JASON SNELL. Ne ... s Edilor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Edilor 

rfteUCSD Gltf(VdiOft IS pubhJihed IlN'Oumesa IReck at the UlUver$llyofCaI I(orn, .. Sin OklO Contents 
C I99I. V~wsCKprcued hr:~Jn rtpf'He.f\llhcmajOf"ty~,*O('heedI4On&l boItd. indite nocnecc.sunly 
lhole o( lhe UC Boaro of RClcnw. Che ASUCSO, not the enure O"",dlaft uaff 

CRISIS IN THE BALTICS 

Let's Not Forget Lithuania 
While the eyes of the world are firmly focused on the 

development in the Per ian Gulf, the people of Latvia, E tonia. 
and Lithuania wait to ee what fate has in store forthem and the 
future of thei r movement toward independence and democracy. 
It has been nearly a year since Lithuanian Pre idem Vytauta 
Landsbergis i ued hi country ' declaration of independence 
from Mikhail Gorbachev' Soviet Union. After month of 
accusation ,declaration ,secessions of other Soviet republics, 
and a great deal of diplomatic and military maneuvering, the 
Lithuanian crisis culminated late la t spring with President 
Landsbergis' capitulation to a massive economic blockade 
impo ed by Gorbachev. After that. the eye of the world 
eemed to move away from the Baltic republic to other 

matters, the mo t recem, of cour e, being the war in the Persian 
Gulf. 

But the cri is in the Baltic is far from over. It wa n ' t over 
last spring, and it eems to be reaching another, moredangerou 
culmination. Hundreds of thousands of Latvians, Estonians, 
and e pecially Lithuanians are taring down the barrel of 
Soviet T-72 tank and AKM a ault rifle. Once again, the 
people of the Baltic republics are attempting to a sen total 
independence from Moscow, and once again Gorbachev is 
using everything in his power to stop them. 

The difference this time, however, is that Gorbachev hasn't 
been 0 kind. Soviet troops have already taken control of 
various newspapers and television stations, killing 14 and 
injuring over 200 unarmed civilians in the proce s. Now. 
troops stand on the verge offorcibl y taking over the parliaments 
of all three republics and instituting direct rule from Moscow. 

Last spring, Gorbachev had to wrestle with a terrible di-
lemma a he attempted to bring a few rebellious republics back 
in line without jeopardizing delicate reforms. Had he used 
military force then, he would have cenainly lost the suppon of 
liberal reformer within his government and gained the con-
demnation of the world, which, in tum, could have launched 
the Soviet Union into civil war. But, had he allowed the 
republics to secede, he would have lost the already tense 
uppon of hard-line conservatives, thus ending the govern-

ment into a frenzy, destroying perestroika, and again possibly 
launching the Soviet Union into civil war. Luckily for 
Gorbachev, his severe economic sanction brought the Ballics 
back without bloodshed. 

He might not be 0 lucky this time. Thing have grown 
much worse for Gorbachev in the months since hi la t con-
frontation with Lithuania. The Soviet economy i in dire 
straights. Almost all 15 Soviet republics, including Rus ia, has 
declared independence from the union. Reforms are failing, 
unemployment is skyrocketing, and the Soviet people are 
going hungry. On top of all that , Gorbachev 10 t his close t 
aide, Foreign Minister Eduard Schevardnadze, who resigned 
in prote t of the gradual backslide toward a dictatorship. With 
the recent military crackdown again t the Lithuanians and 
others, Schevardnadze may have hit close to the mark. 

Once again, Gorbachev finds hirnselffaced with the dilemma 
of using force versus diplomacy and sanctions to quell dissent 
within the republics. If the event of the last few weeks are any 
indication, forced will likely be u ed. 

The United States government must not allow a replay of 
the Tien An Men Square massacre to take place on the streets 
of Vilnius, nor hould it allow uch an action - should it take 
place - to go without the most vehement condemnation. 
Gorbachev must be made aware that just because we may be 
busy with Saddam Hus ein, it doe n't mean we aren ' t keeping 
an eye on him. He must know that future improvements in 
U.S.-Soviet relations, including possible economic or food 
aid, may be jeopardized if a violent military crackdown is 
initiated in the Baltics. President Bush had already hinted prior 
to the airstrikes in Iraq last week that the killings could 
jeopardize the upcoming summit. 

A stable Soviet Union is of the utmost imponance to the 
U.S., but stability at the cost thousands of innocent lives, all of 
whom having legitimate claim to independence and freedom, 
is unacceptable. 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, January 22,1991 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

Dictatorship Is on the Horizon 
• Recent military crackdowns in rebellious Soviet 
Republics calls for strong condemnation from the West 
By DelIla AvIzonil 

On Sunday, Jan. 13, 1991, unanncd 
Lithuanians formed a bamIn chain in an attempt 
10 stop Soviet tanks from enreriDg Vilnius, the 
capiral of Lithuania. Unlike TianaDmen Square, 
where one man heroicaUy baIkd am.e ranks, 
the tanks in Lithuania paused only briefly before 
crushing 24 year-old Loreta Asaoaviciute, a 
sweater toiltel' in a Vilnius ganncnI factory. She 
was abe first of 14 Lithuaniam who were axed, 
shot, or CTUsbed 10 death in Ibe Red AnDy's 
takeover of a national television station. 

Scores of unanned civilians were injured while 
attempting to defend the building. Already, press 
restrictions in the Balties have limited reponing of 
these events; cameras and video equipment are 
being seized and destroyed by the Red Anny, and 
recently, Gorbachev announced his inlention to 
revoke all press freedoms throughout the entire 
Soviet Union, making the Soviet News Agency 
(f ASS) the sole source of information for the 
West. 

In Lalvia, on Tuesday, Jan. 15, at 2 a.m., the 
elite Soviet Ministry troops seized the Latvian 
police academy in the suburb of Agcnslans. After 
the take-over, Colonel General Fyodor Kuzmin, 
the commander of the Soviet military forces in the 
Ballics, ordered Latvian police to hand over all 
weapons to the Soviet central authorities. 

The day before, Latvians had braced them-
selves against Soviet attack throughout Riga, the 
C<lpital of Latvia. Barricades of cars; trucks, and 
civilians surrounded the parliament building, the 
regional broadcast center, and other communica-
tions centers in an anempt to defend Ihem from 
Soviet troops. Gorbachev warned the Baltic 
citizens not to resist or else "the Red Anny may 
act clumsily." 

When the U.S. government pressed the 
U.S.S.R. for facts, Gorbachev denied any previous 
knowledge of the Lithuanian massacre, though he 
defended the actions of the Red Army. Who 
ordered such an attack if the orders did not come 
from Moscow? Why didn'l Gorbachev, the 
commander and chief of the Soviet anned fortes, 
not know of these actions and U'OOp movemems 
until after tbe sbooCing w .. daI1ta7 

One must question whedler or not GorbIcbcv 
has not fallea In wilb Soviet hard-linera, and 

abaodoned~ 
Tbese *,*CIIICkdowasaa remiDilC*ltof 

those directed by Stalin in 1be 1940's, wbeIe 

--- - - - ......... .--. 

troops came inlo Bailie capiaals and installed 
puppet-govemments. forcing the i.ncorporaIion 
of the Baltic countries into the Soviel UDioo. 

Swpriaingly, the quickest to condemn me 
Soviet 8l'rocities have been Byelorussia; Russia, 
aad otber Soviet rqJUblics. 

In Europe, many have demonstrated againat 
the Red Army's harsh actions in the Dallies, 
which Ibey compare to Iraq's occupation of 
Kuwait. 

The United States has also condemned these 
actions. The Senate has passed a resolution to 
delay stralegic anns negotiations, and cut trade 

~ts to the Soviet Union until troops are 
withdrawn and Western press privileges are 
restored. 

Many supporters of Soviet refonn and Baltic 
indepcndeoce feellhat an appropriate U.s. 
response is urgent, and should not be delayed 
because of the current events in the Middle East. 
The Litbuanian Communications Center and the 
Uthuanian-American Community ask people 
who support the Baltic Republics and Soviet 
reform to write and/or call their representatives 
in Congress, insisting that they: 

·Demand the immediate widldrawal of Soviet 
military forces from all three Baltic Republics. 

-Demand immediate reinstatement of foreign 
press privileges throughout the Baltic Republics 
and the Soviet Union. 

-Immediately cut all economic aid, and sever 
all commercial relationships with the central 
Soviet authorities until the Soviets modify their 
behavior appropriately. 

-Immediately extend fonnal diplomatic 
recognition to the democratically elected 
governments of all three BaltIc Republics. 

-Immediarcly instruct the United Stales 
Ambassador to the United Nations to bring the 
issue of Soviet aggression before the Security 
Council and the General Assembly of the United 
Nations. 

Please ooce thai Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia 
are DOC mquestina any son of military aid from 
the Unitecl Stares. Tbey ~ merely seeting 
diplomatic recopition and mcnI suppan. 

By caIUn& (7m) 224-3121 )'011 can get !he 
address and tdepbI)ne DUmbers of your local 
rqnsentiIives. 
DIN ~ ... UC8D ........ IIId co-
faundIr ........ ot.goClllpelror .... 1IftIo. 
Alnelta.ftFNedom ...... 

Tuesday, January 22, 1991 

POINT OF VIEW 

Some Lit. 
Faculty Take 
A Stand 
Editor: 

The following statement is endorsed by 
the individuals listed below, and does not 
represent an officia) univen;ity policy. 

In view of the grave implications of the 
U.s. attack on Iraq, we believe business 
cannol be conducted as usual. We urge 
colleagues to join with us in usingclassbmc 
and other opportunities to address the seri-
ous issue; now fiK:iog us. 

Marilyn Bernstein 
Ben Bertram 
c.uBlllnm 

Elisabeth BIoomfteId 
Teresa Bordons 
Robert Cancel 
JaimeCondla 

Michael Davidson 
Kimberley J. Dilloo 

WaiDimock 
Robert M. Dml 

PageduBois 
Patritk Durkee 
AptbmyT.~ 

Leslie F.dwanl<i 
Femaodo Feliu 

WDIiImFlJrcenld 
Mel FreilidIer 
LluaIWris 

Ca-oIyn Haynes 
MIneI HfDaIf 

AbeianloHemando 
JoIm HencbeI 
Nancy Hesketb 
Fanny Howe 

RebeuaJaurigue 
StepbanieJed 

Susan Kirkpatrick 
Lisa Lowe 

J"'YMaIoof 
GecqeMarisal 

DooM-.. 
Ruben Medina 

SusieMeiad 
Dartme Muzquiz 

Damaris M. Otero-Torres 
M..tin Padget 

MaxPana 
Roy Haney Pearce 

Beatrice PIta 
StepbeD Potts 
Jobn Quintero 
KarerrRaber 
RodcIeyReid 
MoOyRbodes 

Gerbard Richter 
MarlaSanc:bez 
...... Saacbez 
BarblraSama 
AJ.Scbwwz 
(;de , .. y 

ICMbrJaA.Sbnelow 
DeIIonbSlul 
WllllmTay 

Qalncey1'roupe 
....... TIIPde 

...... VerdicxNo 
Don E. Wayne 

Donald Wt!5IIng 
JeaniIer Williams 

JullrWll&as 
WiImie WoodbuII 

PetlrYapie 
W ...... YIp 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

A Counter-Protester's Guide to UCSD 
• Dozens of ways to beat protesters at their own game - without infringing their rights 

A peace protester is a soldier's worst 
enemy. Knowing that the country isn't be-
hind you, and has a set of goals contrary to 
your own, makes life very disheartening. 
He or he is risking death, and no one wants 
to see them win. 1beconverse is also true. 
A counter-demonstrator is a solider's best 
friend. He or she is the equivalent of the 
cheering section. The techniques explained 
in this anicle will best help the counter-
protesten; fulfill their goal. 

One of the largest problems with the 
counter-protester' techniques is the use of 
profanity. Emotions run high, but it de-
grades our cause and draws credence away 
from it when we voice expletives. In effect, 
we become as bad as them, and people will 
soon tire of listening to our message. 

Shouting down speakers is another 
counter-protesting faux pas. We are the 
ones who are behind America and all it 
symbolizes. As everybody knows, political 
free speech is the foundation of this country. 
The time for chants is between speakers. 
Then you are more likely to be heard and 
appreciated. Don't do to them what they 
have done so often to us. We are bener than 
that. 

Heckling does have its place, but this 
powerful tool should be used sparingly. The 
best time for a heck.le is after a rhetorical 
question. A fine example of thi was at the 
Revelle rally when a speaker said, ..... and 
what if we had decided to give sanctions 
more time?" I quickly responded, ''The 
coalition would have fallen apart!" 

Very effective. I hadjustgiven one of the 
main reasons for the coalition's immediate 
intervention i,n two seconds. My one point 
was better than his whole speech. 

When heckling, do not personally aaack 
the speaker. Thisirt noway furthers our goal 
of educating the public, and in all due can-
dor, it is dirty pool. Most of all, if possible, 

try to be funny. Getting your point across 
with humor will make people les hostile, 
and therefore more likely to listen to wbat 
you have to say. 

The most important thing counter-pro-
testers can do is to air their views on poster 
boaids. Use large poster boards with big 
lettering (black. works best outside, and red 
inside)soall the speclalors can see whal you 
have to say. Write different logansonboth 
sides of the board and flip the sign every 
couple of minutes. This way you can make 
two points instead of one. 

Bring 101 of signs and pass them out to 
felJow counter-demonstrators. There is va-
lidity in numbers. 

Try to avoid u ing '60 era slogans such 
as" America: love it or leave it" or"Move to 
Mexico." They are for narrow-minded 
people caught in a '60s time }Varp, not us. 
Below is a list of slogans that can be u ed for 
placards. 

Try 10 expand Iheir short sighted vision 
and appeal to theJuture. 

-Destroy Iraq 's nuclear reactor before it 
destoys us. 

-Peaceful solution now is Iraq's nuclear 
arsenal later . 

-Peace now is a quick flX. 
-When aggression succeeds, peace fails. 
-Peace now is war later. 
Attack the peace movement and its mo-

lives. 

COMMENTARY 

-Protesting to protest accomplishes 
nothing. . 

-Is it peace Y<fu want, or just a peace 
rally? 

-Don't jump on the bandwagon. Think 
for yourself. 

-Where were yow: prote ts when Iraq 
invaded Kuwait? 

·Is jt the war, or is it America that you 
really hate? 

Appeal to their sense of rea SOli. iJthey 
have one. 

-Should we stand by again and lei the 
Jews get gassed? 

·Whal aboulthe Kuwaitis? 
-What is wrong with helping our 

friends? 
·U we were invaded, wouldn't you 

expect our allies to help? 
While 1 hesitate 10 call these people 

Americans, try to appeal to their sCl/se of 
nationality. 

-Don'[ divide the country. 
-Let our boys do their job. 
-A peace activist is Saddam Hu sein's 

best friend. 
·Smile,peaceactivisl . You'reon lraqi 

television. 
·Stand behind America, not Iraq. 
·Our withdrawl menns ]raq's victory. 
·Whose side are you on? 
Here are some more assorled slogans 

for your arsenal. 
·No more Hillers. 
-Free Kuwait (this one is rapidly be-

coming a cliche). 
·No linkage to Israel. 
·Stop the Saddamization of the world. 
·Hussein kills. 
Finally, try to get some kind of rally 

going in which theothersideofthesituation 
is shown. Bring speakers and make sure it 
is well publicized. I think you will be 
surprised at the turnout. 

" 

Happy Warday to Me, Happy War$y to I\IIe 
ByLengLoh 
Arts & Entertainment Editor 

War broke out on the afternoon of my 
birthday. That kind of brought the war to a 
personal level for me - but not to a level ' 
that 1 could comprehend 

You can bet that I wasn't exactly cel-
ebrating -either my birthday or the war-
last Wednesday when the airslrikes onUaq 
began. I certainly didn't feel grown up. I felt 
kind of young, kind of scared, and kind of 
overwhelmed. 

As I looked around - to friends, to 
professors, to campus organizations, to the 
media - for help in understanding the 
situation, I became more and more con-
fused.It would have been so easy to just go 
with the flow and align myself with the 
people whose views sounded closest to mine 
- to adopt their political stance because, 
well, they'd been following the situation 
more closely than I had, and besides they 
had more of a background in U.S. politics 
than I did ... 

Not wanting 10 be inundated with propa-
ganda, I avoided rallies for a while. I kept 
telling myself that I didn't have enough 
knowledge of what was going on to be able 
10 objectively process either side of the 
debate. I've forgotten half of the U.S. his-
tory lleamed in high school. 

But I haven't forgotten the other things I 
learned while attending the International 
School of Manila in tbe Philippines. In the 
six years I lived in the Philippines I saw 
history being made. By the people. 

I've seen that history isn't a textbook. 

G 

It's something Ihat's going on right now, 
and it's something that we could have a pan 
in. I'dlikelobelievethatmyeducatioo in the 
classroom merely compliments my under-
standing and involvementin the Real World. 
BUI, like many others this past week, I 
simply couldn't concentrate on my studies 
because [ was trying to make sense of what 
was going on in the Middle East. 

So I joined a rally and went to a teach-in, 
in an effort to "educate" myself. I wanted to 
hear what people were saying. I heard a lot 
of arguing and rhetoric on both sides. 

Scmeone yelledal me that protests would 
never get us anywhere. But I've seen that 
people-power can WotX. It worlced in the 
Philippines. Part of the reason it worked 
there, though, was the fact thaI the church 
and the media - and the U.S. - were 
behind the people and Cory Aquino. 

I won 'I repeal all the accusations that the 
media is being censored in its coverage of 
the U.S.-Iraq war, that the media is controlled 
by white middle-class males; J won't bring 
up the question of where the religious insti-
tutions in the U.S. stand OIl the war. Those 

issues just raise arguments that, as far as I 
can tell , place the liberals against the con-
servatives - arguments that just end up 
raising more ire and resentment. 

Theliberal.s and the conservatives seem 
to be so polarized - it seems like you have 
to be one orthe other. ButI'm not. I'm not 
trying to be a cool hippie type. I'm just 
someone who was born in the early '70s, 
who's never had to face the controversies 
of a war; I'm neither tbe child of a hippie 
northechildofaRepublican. AJllknow is 
that] want peace - but I don't know how 

. to achieve it. 
Besides,Ican'tbringmyselftofla hthe 

two-fmgered "peace" sign. To me that 
represents Ferdinand Marcos. When I do 
wave my anns in the air in prolest, I'm 
accustomed to flashing the thumb-and-
forefinger"L"signforCory- but"Laban" 
means fight, and that goes against the 
pacifist credo ... 

Maybe we all need new identities. in-
stead of recycling the old peace signs and 
slogans, instead of calling upon the 
American flag and national anthem, in-
stead of looking to old symbols - maybe 
we should try to develop new ideas based 
on the successes and mistakes of history. 

. It's easy to stereotype the protesters as 
hippie wanna-be's, and the counter-pro-
testers as middle-class American white 
bread. It 's eaSy to put c:1own Iheother ide. 

But it's also easy <to understand both 
sides, once you get past the jeers and 
insults. 

This is why I'm SO confused. 



\ ) 

:IJ-i CD ..... 
_Ol 
Ol n 
-< c. 
C/)::J 
Ill lO 
-Ill ~::J 
;S:a. 
(1)0 
- A! 
-l_ 
OA! 
:0 
!B 

scmNCB 6 Tuesday, January 22, 1990 

HUBBLE 
Continued from page 6 
the pointing and activity instruc-
tions for the Hubble are ent up via 
satelliteand stored on computer tape. 
The telescope operate automati-
cally. based on the commands sent 
to it. Once the telescope perfonns it 
programmed task, the data is stored 
on the computer tape . 

Beaver aid that hal f a day could 
pass before the Hubble "dumps" its 
data. It first sends the data up to the 
Tracking and Data Relay Sate llite 
(TDRS). a spy satellitecomrolled in 
a eparate building at Goddard that 
helps to relay the infonnation. The 
TORS sends the data to a ground 
station in White Plains , New 
Mexico, which redirects the signal 
up to a dome tic communications 
satellite (DOMSAT), and finally 
down to the Goddard Space Flight 
Center. 

According to Baity, much of the 
workdonebyUCSDatthemoment 
i taking place at the Space Tele-
scope Science Institute (STScO. 
NASA set up the STScI at John 
Hopkins University in 1981 becau e 
they didn' t feel capable of handling 
a scientific project as large as the 
Hubble. Baity said that this was 
because NAS A is generally an engi-
neering as ociation, not a cience 
organization. 

The problem with the system of 
ending and retriev ing data, accord-

ing to Baity, is that the researchers 
do not have full use of the TDRS. 
Research teams often do not know 
beforehand when they will be al-
lowed to perfonn tests with the 
Hubble, so experiments must be 
planned out weeks in advance and 

organized imo a schedule. 
Baity added that the schedule is 

calculated as to where the stars and 
telescope will be at a given time. 
The problem with this method i 
that the telescope, due to focusing 
problem and jittering. i not point-
ing well. 
The superioril y of space 

De pite the diffic ulties in com-
municatingwithatele copein pace, 
there are clearly advantages to 
working with a pace-ba ed obser-
Valory instead of a ground telescope. 

The main advantage, of cour e. 
is improved re olution. 

"The original selling point for 
the pace tele copewa that. . . ince 
you didn ' t have to go through the 
earth's atmo phere, you not only 
got all the ultra-violet light, but you 
got the higher resolution ... because 
you didn 't have to look through the 
bluning effects of turbulence in the 
earth's atmosphere," Burbidge ex-
plained. 

She said that with the clear view 
from space, the resolutionofimages 
would be 10 time beller, but that 
with the focusing error, the image 
lose that added resolution. 

But, she added, the telescope till 
does not have to contend with much 
background light called noise. 
T he trouble with Hubble 

As mo ' ! people know, 
Hubble ha indeed had its 
share of problems. 
Burbidge aid that 
the olar panels 
which power 
th e Hubble 
causeashud-

telescope. 
As Hubble 

UCSD IntramuraIs 
ALL CAMPUS 
TENNm DOUBLE~ 

CHAMPION~HiP~ 

The UCSD Guardian 

movesfromEarth's hadowintothe 
light, the dramatic temperature 
change in the panels causes them to 
shudder, thus making the telescope 
jitter. 

The main problem with Hubble, 
and the most publicized. is its flawed 
main mirror. 

According to Burbidge, one of 
the de ' igner' excu es for the mir-
rorflaw wa') that the place where the 
two mirrors (the main mirror and 
the back-up main mirror) could be 
te ted together was re 'tricted tomo t 
ivilians. 

"Of course, any of the optical 
expens should have gone in there. 
[They] hould have insisted, and 
they didn' t," Burbidge sa id. 

The 96- inch diameter mirror was 
Ie ted three times for aberrations: 
the first two tests indicated that the 
hape of the mirror was off, but the 

third te t showed it to be correctly 
fonned. 

Burbidge explained that re-
earchers now believe that the prob-

lem with the third testing apparatus 
was cau ed by a spaci l)g error be-
tween the tester's mirrors and a lens 
through which a laser beam was 
shone. 

"A laser beam was shone down 

through the lens ... It was supposed 
to come through [a space between 
the testing mirrors] and bounce off 
the main mirror, and then it was 
supposed to come back and inter-
fere with itself," Burbidge aid. 

If the mirror had been fonned 
correctly, the result of all three tests 
shouldhavebeena" traight fringe", 
or a clear interference. But accord-
ing to Burbidge. the lirst two te ts 
resu lted in "Ioopy fringes," signal-
ling a pherical aberration in the 
mirror. 

"The resu lt of all this i that the 
point ource doe n't appear as a 
point source. it appears [fuzzy). You 
can, by adjusting the focus. get about 
15 percent of the light into a very 
small cenrral pan, but all the rest is 
spread out over quite a big diam-
eter," Burbidge said. 

'1'he net effect is that if you 've 
got a crowded field of objects like a 
lot of tars in a star clu ter, and you 
want to get imaging of those indi-
vidually,the brighterone spillover 
their li ght and swamp out the oth-
ers," Burbidge added. 

Burbidge pointed out that with 
the use of computer program . re-
earchers planning to use the Hubble 

for imaging can re eive a better 
picture from the telescope. though it 
is still not the larity they were ex-

pecting. 
The ~pherica l aberration 
has Ii tile effect on 

U SD' projects 
much becau e the 

pectrograph used 
to take data c:tn 
be widened to 
allow enough 
light in for the 
scientists to 

SCIENCE 7 

do their work. 
But the drawback to this is that 

by widening the slit on the specrro-
graph. the team sacrifice ome 
resolution. Still, Burbidge said that 
[he data they gather is reliable. 
Fixing the tele cope 

The Hubble is scheduled to un-
dergo repai rs during a spaceflight in 
1993. 

According to Baity, three main 
repairs will be made. First. the High 

peed Photometer. another instru-
ment 011 the tele cope, will be re-
moved and replaced with a deVice 
called 0 TAR. The photometer 
was chosen to be removed bec;lU 'e 
it ha ' limited applications. 

COSTAR will work like spec-
tacles for the cientifi equipment 
on the telescope. Originally called 
STAR. the piece is a box equipped 
with weights de igned to balance 
the telescope in ca e one of the 
de ignated scient ific instrument 
wa not u ed for the tele cope. 

The spectacles piece was added 
to STAR becau e STAR wa al-
ready fi tted to the speci fications of 
the telescope. according to Beaver. 
It can therefore be insl3lled in space. 

Also in 1993. the main Hubble 
camera will be replaced with one 
corrected for the aben'ation and the 
solar array may be repaired. Beaver 
added. 

After all the e corrections have 
been made. then perhap Ilubble 
wi 1\ be able to 1 i ve up to the ex pec-
tationsthatNA Aandthe scientific 
c mmunity had for it. 

Unti l then, the CASS , cientist 
willd theirbesttomakeitclearthat 
while Hubble isn't all that the public 
might have hoped, it isn ' t a 
spacebound lemon. 

1990 CLEARANCE SALE 

&~~&~~[L' 
[Q)~~~@[M~~ 
~(Q)[M~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 
500/0·90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds • Members Only 
Line Up • Limited 

Wed.-Sat. 11 am-6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5 pm 

Fee - one new can of tennis balls (Wilson or Penn) 
Open to all UCSD students, faculty 8nd staff 
Sign up teams by Friday, January 25, 12 noon ~ 
at Canyonview, UCSD Recreation UCSD 
Adninistrative Offices, 534-4037. .... 

APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
8250 camino Santa Fe 
Miramar, California 
(619)450-3323 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, January 22,1991 

PROTESTS Revelle College sophomore "I almost cried when I found out Thousands of protesters demon-Martin M ichlmayr had simi lar that Bu h had made the deci ion to strated in front of the building, as 
Continued from page 1 views. go to war," he said. "lbere are a lot police on foot and astride horses 
with chants of'Thou shalt not kill," "Condi tions have forced us into of different solution to achieve looked on. 
while others in the urrounding a controversial war, but now it's peace. l think you can always find a ''I'm coming along just 0 I can 
crowd exchanged insults with him. importanlto supportourtroops,"he peaceful solution." learn as much about thi as I can 

In the end, peace advocate con- said. "The peace activist and the He added, " I think everyone from all sides." said Mike Ady, a 
tinued with their plans to march to way they conduct their busine s is should stand and say what they think high school tudent from EI Cajon. 
the Price Center. Part of the crowd obscene. TIley hould ' ve written to about this issue. What we need i a One speaker decried the U.S. 
remained, however. in order to con- theirCongre smen earlier. and now discussion." re ponse to the attack on Kuwait by 
tinue arguing. it's out of voters' hands," Revelle College senior lames saying. "What we are doing in Iraq 

MuirCollegesenior Jason Debley Some peace activists maintain Burke, a student who is in favor of i worse than what Hussein did in 
ex pre sed his approval of the event. that they "are against the siruation, the war, agreed with Naar that dia- Kuwait. So that means that Presi-

"I'm happy to see a lot of stu- but [they] support the troop '." logue is nece gary. dent Bush i more ofa criminal than 
dents feel trongly against the at- Upon arriving at the Price Cen- "Ignorance is the worst threat SaddamHussein." Across the street, 
tack," he said. ter, the group solicited view from again t the world," Burke aid. counter-protestors chanted "USA!, 

Another tudellt, Revelle CoI- all sides. But when one upporterof But despite that agreement. USA!" as the peech continued. 
lege junior Michael Thome, was the war said. "Somebody' got to Burke had a general ly dim view of Third CollegeseniorTony Smith 
more cynical. stop Hu sein, he's the villain," he the protestors. explained orne of the long-term 

"1l1is is like a show," he said. was asked to get off the stage. "These people [protestors] are goals of the movement. 
"You have the militant right and the Despite the reaction of the peace the same people supporting veg- "As soon as enough popular dis-
militant left ... everyone wants peace, advocates, many in the crowd etablerightsand screarning for equal ent gets organized, then that legiti-
and all of thi yelling is a com- seemed to agree with the speaker vote for ou r (pet )." Burke said. mizesthepeacemovemem," he said. 
plishing nothlOg." and applauded. A liule while later, "They are lunatic, and they have "[Since] the media only cover 

h f h . .. h' tha . hi " aIm "Brother Jed" Smock preached Although some student " opin- ot er opposers 0 t e protest were nOlhlOg else to do. t mgs tarelOt e egilJmatere 
II cd ak A . d th' f fd b 'f h I in sunnnrt of the war Thursday ions of the war appeared to be based 1I ow to spe . evemng neare. e lOCUS 0 0 e ate .. . I we getenoug peop e ,..,.,-

solely on their emotions. many oth- For their pan, the peace activi ts the protests moved from UCSD to together to maintain a peaceful on the steps of the Main Gym. 
ers seemed to have seriously re- were very vocal about their opin- downtownSanDieg. ampu pro- demonstration. then we become a many different rea on are here to-
flected on the subje t. ions . At the beginning, ~peaker testers carpooled to the Federal legitimate di senting opinion." getherand havecome tothei rsenses 

At least two lUdents felt the itu- urged tudems who are "confused Building downtown, joining other Fifth College ophomore Helen and are willing to tight for peace," 
ation should have been handled dif- and scared" to "get informed and demonstrators from the entire San O ' Donnell aid, "Personally. I'm she said. 
ferently in earlier months, but that make 1I decision." Diego area. • protesting out of principle, because McKay discussed her disap-
therc is nothing wecan doto change At the rally in Revelle Plaza, Protesters and counter-protest- I don' t agree with Bu h ... and I'm pointment with the cancellation of 
thal now. most of the spectators were dcci- ersexhibited suchdiversesign like exercising my right to say so." Wednesday night's A.S. meeting. 

Ken Ring, a Warren College ively anti-war. though a few s tu- "Suppon the .5 .... "Our Dream Is The UCSD contingent of dem- "I'm angry that the meeting was 
ophomore.feJt that "we should've dents held up Americ;m flag in Peace," " Impeach Our Evil Mad- on trators included Associated Stu- cancelled ... not so much that it was 

waited longer [to attack] and we suppon of the milital)' ac tion. man," "Where Were the Pacifi ts dents Vice-President External Molly cancelled, but the way that it was 
shouldn ' t have armed other nation~ Anders anr. a graduate tudent When rrdq Declared War On Ku- McKay. cance lled." she said. "It wasn't a 
[such as Iraq], but now we need to from Sweden, joined the demon- wait?, .... SaveOurTroop ." and"I'm "It 's really good to see that people decision made by the body ... . I was 
look for a I ng-teml peace." trators again t the war. Prote~ting Ignorant Protestors." from all different backgrounds, for vel)' angry becau e when we heard 
r - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -, that war was breakingoul, it wasn't 

rn 
a !tme to go home and be sad, it was 

U () • () • the time to get angry and get active. " We have a respon ibility as an A.S. to help provide services for 
1;;;~~9i;~";""';'IW"iii~~~Iii;";i~R;;;; tudents. help provide forums for 

students about war, and we flaked on 

FREE ESTIMATES 
NO OBLIGATION! 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! 
Bring this ad. Offer expires 311/91 

Mon.·Fri.8·5 
Sat. 9-2 695·2331 
Written guarantee quality parts. 

7& 
AUTOMOTIVE 

Only 7 miles from UCSDI Take Miramar Rd. left on Camino Ruiz. then left on 
Miralani Drive. up hili to 86SO Miralani Dr. Suite #101 in back. 

ucso 

-
UVIIIgoDr. 

8680 

--

_lid. 

i j 

them. It's important for A.S. membe.rs 
to !and trong now, to be strong as 
individuals and to be consolidated in 
our efforts and not become defeatist 
about this .. . we houldbethereforthe 
students," McKay said. 

McKay added that the A.S. itself, 
much like the student body, was split 
on whether war was the right action to 
take. 

Third College enior Michelle 
Beyer suggested that protests may 
destroy any images of American oli-
clarity in the eyes of the world. 

'This intemal instability can't be 
goodforour irnage," she said. "And ... 
I really don't think its going to ac-
complish a lot. 1bey're out there 
chanting peace, but I haven ' t heard 
any peaceful solutions - you can't 
just say it and [then it will] happen. J 
just haven' t heard any options." 
Additional reporting by Senior 
StaffWrller Leng Loh, Staff Writer 
Sherry Lowrance, and News Ed!-

L - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -I tor Jason Snail. 
••••••••••••••••••••• riff, \' ••• 
: EAT CHEAP! ~ ~)~ 
• h· l ! • • UCSD Lunc SpeC'lQ S ~-. . 
: All Nile Long r{~ ! 
• Bfsfamous lunch specials now availDble all~ • 
• to UCSD students, faculty and staff with I.D. • 

MOil. - Spaghenini with marinara 
IUD. - Cicero (meatball) sandWich$450 WID. - Mini-Pizza with soft drink 

IHU ... - Individual Sniffed Pizza 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• • .... - Homemade Lasagna wirh rneat sauce • 

• Dt ..... ,n Oftl)' for Ibis sp.:'<:/N ojJ,.,. AU $p«la/:; Indud<> sa/DJ s..... ./1 10 u,n • 

• • 
• 8873 Villa La}ollaDr, La}offa VillageCellter 455·0662 • 
• UCSD's orlg(rlal Pizzeria Is srt/l rbe best! IiJpII'l!S '215191 • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

COFFEE J.l Ol/~ 
~ 
:\~ORD ~~~ 

e, 
• Quiche • Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads • Gourmet Coffee 
• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 

Need a Nice, Quiet Place To Study? 
How About Coming Over to Our House. 
OPEN 7 AM· 5 PM· 7 Days a Week· 481·8590 

1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

FEATURES 
Tuesday, January 22, 1991 

for 

Medics treat 4-year-old patient "Rocky. n 

" We are not on a rescue 
mission as much as we pro-
vide the extended service, 
continue with treatments 
already started, stabilize the 
patient, and provide rapid 
transit." 
- Rich HargiS, Life Flight Pilot 

The UCSD Guardian 

Photos by Gall Johnson/Guardian 

• UCSD Medical Center 
helicopters race to save 
accident victims 
By Phil Ireland 
Staff Writer 

The yellow Life Flight helicopter crossed the freeway 
and settled noisily onto the landing pad. Three crew mem-
bers removed themselves from the minimal cockpit and 
turned to the tasks at hand. In the back. a man who had been 
involved in a traffic accident and a fistfight lay s trapped to 
the gurney. 

This person was lucky. He lived. 
Many who require Life Flight have minimal chances of 

survival. There was the toddler who had been so severely 
shaken that his retinas detatched. A boy trapped in sand had 
neither pulse nor respiration when Life Flight arrived, but 
was revived shortly after. He lived for five days. 

Victories and defeats. This is what Life Flight has been 
about since it began 10 years ago in San Diego . 

In 1979, Dr. Bill Baxt, the former medical director of the 
Emergency Department at the UCSD Medical Center, re-
searched Life Flight programs around the country and 
eventually patte rned the San Diego operation after the 
program at Herman Hospital in Houston, Texas. 

According to Phil Moomjean. aW-year veteran of the 
program and one of its original members, the creation was 
a team effort. 

"We kind of did each others ' jobs ... when we weren't 
flying, the nurses were dispatching or he lping out in the ED 
[Emergency Department]." Moomjean said. 

Life Flight started with one Bell helicopter, two pilots, 
and five nurses. They responded to about 30 calls a month. 

Now Life Flight has two full -time Messerschmin lwin-
engine helicopters. and two in reserve, which currently 
respond to about 90 calls a month. The crew of three now 
includes a pilot, a registered nurse (RN), and either an 
additional RN, a resident doctor, or a paramedic. 

Flight nurses are no strangers to the hospital. Most have 
several years experience in the intensive care unit, the 
emergency room. and at least three years of critical-care 
experience before being accepted into the program. They 
also maintain several certifications, including trauma life 

See UFE, Page 10 

FEATURES 9 

Sequence from top to bottom: A doctor and 
securityofficerawaitthe larriingofLife Flight 
carrying a 4-year-old who suffered heaJ 
if¥uries from a skateboarding axident (1). 
he gurney is brought tJ the landing pad (2). 
Doctxs, TXJrSeS, and ffight medics tTansIer 
the palientfrom the ~ to the lPTI8Y 
(3,4). -Rodcy" is then brought into the 
IITJ8IfJ8f1CY room (5). 



10 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, January 22, 1991 

Worldwide Conference Attracts Christian Students 
By Sang .. ta Mehta 
Associate Features Editor 

"It was amazing that 20.000 people 
gathered in the same place interested the 
same thing." said Revelle student Christie 
Campos about the five-day conference she 
attended at the University of lllinois in 
Urbana last month. 

December's conference was the largest 
student-missions convention in the U.S. It 
shed light on the needs of the world and 
helped students consider their roles as 
Ouistians in responding to these needs. 
according to OuisNichols. area director for 
the Inter Varsity Christian Fellowship 
(IVCF) in San Diego County. 

Sixty students from UCSD. who anendcd 
via UCSD's IVCF chapter. the Asian 
American Christian Fellowship (AACF). 
or their churches. gathered with people from 
102 countries for the triennial IVCF-spon-
sored convention to also experience per-
sonal growth. 

"'There was a different reason for every 
one of those 20.000 people to be at Urbana. 
For some people it was a mission - a 
calling overseas. For others. it was a chance 
to learn something to help them in some 
way," said Warren student Susan Olen. "It 
was probably the only opportunity I will 
have to experience something of that mag-
nitude. There were more people there than 
at our campus." 

Despite the size of the conference, "ev-
ery step was so organized." Chen said. A 
plenary session dominated the mornings 
and evenings of Urbana, where those affili-

ated with the conference joined to liSlen to 
speakers. 

South African-based Caesar Molebatsi, 
one of the widely-acclaimed speakers, lec-
tured on "Hope for Racial Reconciliation in 
Mi ion." 

Nichols said that people "need to strike at 
the heart of prejudice and racism. Urbana is 
about knowing not any American Jesus, but 
one who cro ses all creatures. who loves all 
people." 

Speakers addressed other topics, such as 
oppression and the world's political situa-
tion. 

Afternoons were mainly devoted to 
seminars. Students could choose from over 
200, but attended only the six seminars 
which most interested them. 

1be seminars covered" a wide variety of 
topics." said Nichols. 1be seminars, which 
were divided into 17 tracks, included "In-
volving Your Parents in Decision-Making." 
"Orphanages as a Strategy for Mission," 
and "Creating Change in Your Market-
place." 

Chen described how the decision-making 
seminar helped her realize the importance 
of her parents. 

"1be first people you usually tum to are 
your friends. I [learned] that we need to let 
our parents in on things going on in our 
lives," Chen said. "A problem for a lot of 
students. including myself. is that they can 
only see their own perspective. Sometimes 
we must step into our parents' shoes and see 
ourselves through their eyes." 

Although rno t attended seminars of their 

choice, 400 students were chosen to partici-
pate in the Global Issues Congress instead 

Warren student Janelle Kosonen was 
one of two UCSD students who took pan in 
the congress. She explained that this group 
divided into even smaller groups. each 
choosing a topic to look at closely. They 
then made presentations for the entire con-
vention. As an engineering major, Kosonen 
decided to analyze the topic, "People in 
Technology." 

"We looked at what we will do that will 
affect society," Kosonen said, explaining 
that she will be faced with many opportuni-
ties to decide whether her actions are mor-
ally or ethically right. OneexampleKosonen 
gave of this was styrofoam. 

"We found out (that] years down the road 
that styrofoam is bad," Kosonen said. "[In 
the congress] we looked at how we could tell 
if such products will be harmful later." 

Through her participation in the Global 
Issues Congress, Kosonen found a basis for 
making her decisions. 

"So many times, society's values change. 
If you look at what the Bible says, that's 
never going to change, .. ' Kosonen said 

Song, prayer. and Bible studies/exposi-
tions were also woven throughout the day at 
Urbana, as were the chances to visit exhib-
its. 

According to Fifth student Mona Huang. 
people could visit the Armory or Huff Gym 
10 speak with representatives of mission 
agencies who had booths set up. 

Over 200 agencies, from Kids Alive In-
ternational to Trans World Radio, provided 

information to help students "discoverplaces 
they could serve the world in practical ways." 
Nichols said. 

"Urbana helps university students think 
through questions like 'What is the Chris-
tian response to hunger? .. • Nichols ex-
plained. "Some students will take a year off 
from school and serve in re-development 
programs in the Pbillipines. OtheB will go 
overse&<; and learn about another culture." 

Many students found that they could 
help others c1oserto home by tutoring in San 
Diego schools, or working in homeless 
shelters. 

As Campos said, "I can't change the 
world, but I can start in [my) backyard." 
Campos mentioned that people can help the 
bungry, those who are emotionally hun, or 
just reach out as a friend. 

Nichols emphasized that Urbana influ-
enced students to make not only immediate 
plans, but also long-range goals for after 
they graduate. 

"Fundamentally, one of the responses to 
Urbana [to the world in need] is to have 
responsibility as Christians to give ourselves 
sacrificially," said Nichols. 

While Huang said that Urbana encour-
aged her to think about missions, she elabo-
raIed on her personal growth. 

"I've reflected more on where I stand 
with God," Huang said She added that 
Urbana has allowed her to think on a more 
global scale, and influenced her to have a 
genuine concern for others. 

"It was more than just a convention or 
conference. It opened my eyes,"Huang said. 

LIFE: Flight crew faces life-and-death situations on a daily basis 
Continued from page 9 
uppon.advancedcardiac uppon. mis ion. 

mobile intensive care nursing. and "It·s the way we interface with 
pediatric advanced life uppon. the people already there. We are 

In addition to medical training. not on a rescue mission as much as 
the crews also undergo other train- • we provide the extended service 
ing programs such as the county's continue with treatments alread; 
Heavy Rescue Program. started, tabilize the patient, and 

Crews must be certified for provide rapid transit ." he said. 
rappeUing and technical rescue. The helicopter i smaller than 
Flight training includes education one might expect. because it needs 
in flight phy iology and aviation to land in very small area such a 
safety training. intersections. 

Although prepared and trained The pilot 's seat i on the left. 
for rescue operations. their "mis- Beside and directly behind are the 
sion is patient care as opposed to two crew seats. one facing the rear 
rescue," Moomjean said. and the other, the side. Able to 

Life Flight crews consider carry two patients. this arrange-
themselves a link in the chain of ment allow both nurses to have 

e~ergency car~ , and wo~k closely knee-to-head access for each pa-
With the Shernffs Astna Rescue tient. 
Unit. the various fire departments. Referred (0 as "aero-medical 
and :u-ea h?spitals. . . aircraft," the Life Hight choppers 

Pilot Rich HargiS. a Vietnam are actually flying intensive care 
combat veteran and experienced units. 
commercial flyer, describes the As with most patient care. the 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• Delta Delta Delta • • • 
• • 
• is glad to welcome • • • 
• • 
• CHI • • • 
• • 
• OMEGA • • • 
• • 
• • 
• to • 
• • 
• • 
• UCSD • • • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• The Best of Luck in • 
• • 
• the Coming Year • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

emotional toll appears to be the 
toughest pan of the job. On any 
day. the Life Flightcrews confront 
the frailties of human existence, 
and are charged with its preserva-
tion. 

This clash creates individuals 
of uncommon character, at once 
steeled by what they have seen, 
and softened by the compassion 
that is the essence of those who 
chose the care of others as their 
profession. 

On the ground at Scripps Medi-
cal Center, flight nurse Mark 
Angeloni, a three-year veteran re-
lated the story of an East County 
couple. 

The man was driving and the 
woman was smoking a cigarette. 
An ash flew in his eye, he lost 
control of the car, and went into a 
canyon. 

His wife was thrown partially 
out of the car and died from her 

imlkH· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific"Beach 
1834 Gamet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 
OPEN 7 DAYS 

483-1852 

injuries. Her husband, although in-
jured, was awake and alen. He 
asked repeatedly about his wife's 
condition. 

"Finally," Angeloni said, "he 
asked me directly, 'Is she alive?' I 
thought. 'What is reality ... you 
have to start greiving,' and I just 

couldn't lie to him. So I said. 'I am 
sorry sir, but she didn't make it.' 
Then he just broke down crying. I 
felt terrible. That was one of the 
few that really got to me ... it re-
minds me of the frailty of us all .. . 
with the flick of acigarette, it could 
be us." 

,Y.' 
Applications (IncIudInIJ a cover Iettei'~ resume, and clips if 
you have any) are M In the Edliciin CltJef's box by Jan. 
28, 1991. Any questiOns? cau 534-6580 and ask for Phil. 

l\tIi] FULL SERVICE CAR WASH [JJI] {;, Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 Cosla Verde Blvd .• 587·4844 

COSTA tfi;\ 
VERDE W 
CAR WASH WE RECYCLE 

OUR WATER 

• ..... ucso I 
at L. Joll. Ylliog. Dr. 

J I J :." Dr. 
UTe 

I 
• 

z • ® 
OPEN 7 DAYS. AU SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SHEU SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COIIPEnnVE PRICES 
-----------------------: lit! Full ServIce $ 99 I 

: COSTA CAR WASH :52 : 
I VERDE 0, 7UrtIe Wtu SealBr J.-a/A I 
I c.~ WASIl Hal ........ afWalir. SM,4.01 II 
I !JfIIII"'" till 
----------------- ______ J 

Tuesday, January 22,1991 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 11 

Protest Outside of Class Your First Amendment Right Shall Not Be Infringed ... 
Editor: 

I was distressed to fmd out the 
morning of Jan. 17 that the next 
day's classes may be cancelled 
due to anti-war protests. [ was 
funher distressed and angered by 
the appearance of several profes-
sors at the peace rally at Revelle 
Plaza later that afternoon. I respect 
their'opinions, not out of any great 
love of their views but because no 
sane person has any great affection 
for war. [do, however, have this 
to say to those professoB: 

I'm paying your salary and I 
damn well want my money's 

fIIll 

~eacel 
BlACX & WHITE CAATCO'.JS 

OF COlOR 

worth! Unlike a lot of these pro-
testors, daddy isn'tpaying for my 
education - I'm working my way 
through school and just about ev-
erything I make winds up in the 
UC Regents' collective pockets. 
Therefore, ) fullyexpecttoreceive 
the education for which I am pay-
ing. 

If classes are being cancelled 
so a bunch of over-the-hill hippies 
can relive the golden days (daze?) 
of yesteryear, then I am not getting 
what I paid for. 

I came to this university for an 
education. not an indoctrination. 

If you want to protest , fine - it' s 
your right and over half a million 
Americans are putting their butts 
on the line right now 0 you can do 
this and keep your tenure at the 
same time. 

Just do it on your own time and 
don't jeopardize my right to an 
education . 

Steve Condrey 

How doe. the Uni 
State •••• 

The war is on, and now we are faced with more questions 
than ever beba_1he UCSD Guardian welcomes and err 
CIOIJttI98S letters and commentaries from all members of the 
unMnity community. Drop your letter at the Guardian offices 
(on the sicond Roor of the Student Center, above the General 
Store) or mo. it to: 0piI • ."...1:...-1IOft __ 

oww .... 
9500 GiIna\ Dr. 0316 

la JoIa, CA 92093-0316 
l.ettIn rrNJIt be typed, doubl&spaced, and should include 

a signature and a phone number. Unsi~ letters will not be 
prinled. Wereserwtherightloeditfor onddorily. We 
cannot guarantee )'OUr leiter Of commentary will be printed. 

Hey 1raIha, 
rm Recruiting 
for .... Anned 
...... and 
I ... 

Don't ask me to die for 
an administration that 
hal .tabbed Black 
IMIODI. in the back time 
ana time again. 

Where w_ u.s,troops when racist 
South Africa "Occupied" IOvweian 
JOVthem ~ fOr 13 yean? Illush 
tMught enough about Blacks 10 send 
a dls~101 amount of UI 10 die 
In the Gulf but not _ugh not 10 veto 
the 1990 civil rights Act! 

Any red, while and blue American 
win agree that our govemment 
stands for freedom and justice for 0111 

I'm sick 01 America's red white, 5t. blue ::i"tal~·ty. Iy~mean neck .Ie e,9 car. Ii'm a sa J~I of.,. n 
Rep'lblicans and their kinder 
genller warfare. Peace. 

I a_ kick your ... 

~ -........... .. -



& ENTERTAINMENT 
12 ARTS &: ENTERTAINMENT The vcsn Guardian Tuesday, January 22, 1991 

Not Without My Ethnocentrism 
• The timing of this docudrama stirs up brewing Anti-Arab sentiments 
By Gall Johnson 
Senior Staff Writer 

Her story is a poignant one. It 
covers all the necessary bases of 
intrigue. A woman and her 
daughter. An oppressive hus-
band. Kidnapping. War. A for-
eign land. It is a story which 
deserves to be told. But it must 
be told responsibly. 

Not Without My Daughter is 
an unfortunate attempt at 
docudrama. If it must exist in its 
pre ent form, it should have been 
aired as a TV movie followed by 
a panel discussion. 

Instead of a sensi ti ve ponrayal 
of one battered wife's conquest 
overoppre ion, we find a grown-
up Gidget whimpering her way 
a ross Tehran. 

For a film of thi s nature to be 
released at uch a crucial moment 

cultural context is necessary. True, 
the film is based in lran and not 
Iraq. This is not to defend any of 
the oppression which Betty 
Mahmoody or the countless other 
women in her condition endured. 
But Hollywood has a long history 
of rampant ethnocentrism during 
periods of conflict 

One lea ves the theater with less 
understanding and sympathy to-
ward Islamic culture than when 
they entered. Had the movie not 
been pre ented as a biography, it 
would have been easier to forgive 
many of the film' cimematic sins. 

A common s tatement that 
wasthreadthroughout the painfully 
stilted diologue wa , "Thi i a 
backward primjtivecountry ." Farsi 
i heard throughout the film , and 
the lack of ubtitles makes this 
foreign culture even more incom-
prehen ible- e pecially when 

coupled with chaotic street scenes 
featuring black-robed women, Is-
lamic prayers blasted from loud-
speakers, and anti-American mu-
rals. 

" For a film of this 
nature to be released 
at such a crucial mo-
ment in history, some 
explanation of cultural 
context is necessary." 

In harp contrast to the chaos of 
the Tehran marketplace, views of 
the U.S. are rife with Americana 
kitsch. The excruciatingly low in-
troductory tilt , pans and trackjng 
hot of the couple's Michigan 

lake-front home pound the fact 
home that ours is a beauti ful fenile 

American citizen Betty Mahmoody (Sally Field) must make a treacherous escape from Iran with 
her young daughter (Sheila Rosenthal). 

MURR 
SJENKORS 

'*' The Muir Graduation Committee invites 
graduating Smiors to audition to be the 
Se!1ior Commencement Speaker. Auditi011s 
are on Friday afternoon, Febroary 8th. 

'*' For further information, or to sign up 
foryour five-minute audition, contact 
Karen or Chips in tire Dean ~ Office 
(H&SS; phone 534-3587). 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to lions) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(NelCl to PIZza Hut) 566-6100 

0PIII7DAYS 
APPr. NOT NICDIMY 
~""_I 

land Aside from the anti-Iranian 
sentiments and prejuruce Moody 
(Alfred Molina) faces in the work 
place, Betty and Moody have an 
idyllic life. We are ruthlessly re-
minded of this throughout the 
script. ·'It's America, we have 
laws." 

The lack of character develop-
ment is a major flaw. They are not 
allowed to grow as individuals. 
Rather, they exist as representa-
tives of their respective cultures. 
The characters do not engage in 
interactive rualogue. Instead, they 
make awkward speeches clinically 
stating their positions. 

Moody, a loving husband and 
father in the U.S. who claims to be 
"as American as Apple Pie" after 
residing in the U.S. for 20 years, 
transforms into a tyrannical abu-
si vc: Islarnjc fanatic shonly after 
arriving to his family home in 
Tehran. Unable to understand the 
infighting within the famjly due to 
the unfortunate lack of subtitles, 
the viewer is left with too many 
unanswered questions. Why the 
sudden change? Was it an emo-
tional imbalance on rus pan, or as 
the film suggests, a direct result of 
being an Iranian and fanatical 
Moslem. Too soon after arriving to 
Iran, he screams at his wife that the 
Iran-Iraq war is America' s fault. 

Sally Field plays Betty Mahmoody, an American citizen whose vacation with 
her husband, an Iranian born doctor (Alfred Molina) turns into a living hell as 
he forces her to remain in Iran against her will. 

Betty (Sally Field) is a woman 
who must have undergone an ex-
cruciating ordeal. Her character 
deserved to be played by a stronger 
personality, perhaps a young 
Katharine Hepburn. Throughout 
the film, she is ponrayed as a de-
pendent, whimpering woman. One 
would have wished to seen the 
effects of her many obstacles ex-
plored more thoroughly. She is a 
banered woman, a theme wruch 
deserves to be responsibly handled. 
Her relationship with her daughter 
is one of the strongest features of 

the film.Their flight across the Iranian 
countryside adds an air of real intrigue to 
the film. The aid provided by the Iranian 
rescuers is one of the few humane por-
trayals of Iranians in the entire film. 

Long shots ofthe land gives the viewer 
a sense of the realities surrounding their 
escape. However, these views are all too 
brief. Obviously an intricately organized 
effon, the almost complete lack of dia-
logue once again leaves the viewer in the 
lurch. 

As the credits rolled across the golden 
glow created by the U.S. flag, the lights in 
the theatre were raised revealing the six 

Be,,~/e 
Resident ~d~isor ,oosit\ons 

P.Pphcat\o~ Availahle 
Monday. January 7, 1991 

(Obtain Job referral shp trom Career Services) 

Ol'ie'{\tat\o"{\ SeSsiOnS 
Wednesday. January 16. 1991 

5:00pm . Why Nol Here? 
or 

Wednesday. January 16. 1991 
7'oopm . Revelle Apartment Lounge 

P.Ppl\Caho~ Deadl\iJe 
Tuesday. January 22, 1991 

4:30pm · Revelle ReSident Dean's Ottlce 
Blake Hall 

\991~92 

viewers who had come to the late 
Thursday evening show. Apparently, 
the rest of San Diego was home watch-
ing the news about the Persian Gulf. 

A critic may argue that thls was a 
depiction oflran, not Iraq. But, Holly-
wood, a great facilitator of ethnocen-
tri m, has chartered its way into dan-
gerous territory. 

This film may become only one of 
many media efforts aimed toward de-
humanizing the enemy. One hopes that 
Thursday night's attendance is an indi-
cation that the general public may be 
more discriminating. 

The vcsn Guardian ARTS &: ENTERTAINMENT 13 

We Are at War: An Unconfirmed Report 
By SMn Daly & Greg Waypa 
Staff Writers 

Welcome to the world of war, 
and to the world of war journal-
ism. A society filled with specula-
tion and rumors may make for 
wrong assumptions, but it does 
make for great ratings. 

This is the world of war jour-
nalism, a battlefield in its own 
right, where newscasters try to out-
guess and out-perform their ad-
versaries with a take no prisoners 
attitude. 

In aLI this muck and 
mire it's up to the viewer 
to son through the half-
truths and misleading 
reports to find out just 
what is really happen-
ing. 

Forovertwodays, the 
news networks com-
manded the attention of 
the entire television au-
dience, twenty-four 
hours aday. Thedecision 
of the TV v iewer was the 
selection of which chan-
nel to watch. CNN, ABC, 
NBC, and CBS - or 
maybe it broke down to 
which anchor the viewer was will-
ing to put up with; Bernard Shaw, 
Peter Jennings, Tom Brokaw, or 
Dan Rather. Each anchor had his 
pros and cons. Each attempted to 
do his best during the crisis. Each 
tried his hardest to capture the most 
vic:wers. But which was the net-
work to watch? 

ABC with Peter Jennings was 
the first channel to grab our atten-
tion at the Guardian offices. Peter 
Jennings' announcement of the 
bombing of Baghdad caused ev-
eryone to freeze in their tracks. 
Too bad Jennings is such a goofy 
anchonnan. 

After the initial announcement, 
ABC's coverage went steadily 
downhill. Jennings just doesn't 
have the makings of wartime jour-
nalist. The only part of the broad-

cast that was tense was when the 
satellite reception was broken with 
Rjchard Roth in Saudi Arabia just 
after air raid sirens sounded. 

We can only imagine that 
Roth's family must have suffered 
instant heart attacks. But Peter wa 
quick to point out that they were 
only suffering electrical difficul-
ties. 

The old man, Dan Rather at 
CBS, may have experienced war 
before, but hi experience did not 

amount to much. Rather is a good 
anchor, and has seen his share of 
the front line; but for us, he is just 
too scary. Rather repons the news 
like a father figure talking down to 
his children. 

The only question we had was 
where was Connie Chung? In her 
sparse appearances reporting the 
news on the American home front, 
she was often cut-off by incoming 
information. Highlights of CBS's 
coverage included the return of 
immonal Walter Cronkite with his 
statement, "I remember in World 
War II ... " Thanks Walt 

Tom Brokaw and NBC pro-
vided coverage that equalled the 
other two networks, but NBC's 
presentation was more organized. 

Tom Brokaw was calm and col-
lected throughout the crisis, even 

adding bits of subtle humor to ease 
the mood. In his quest forthe story, 
Brokaw drilled BBC producer An-
thony Massey for information even 
though he knew Massey hadn't 
eaten or had anything to drink in 
two days and could barely speak. 
Still, of the big three, NBC dis-
played the best joumali tic integ-
rity. 

But if you had cable TV, CNN 
was the one to watch, with Ber-
nard Shaw, Peter Aravett, andJohn 

Holliman broadcasting from 
Baghdad. You know you're good 
when the other networks go to you 
for the on-the-scene reports. CNN 
is also the channel that Saddam 
Hussein watches. 

Such daring actions as sticking 
telephones out the window to bring 
home the sounds of war will no 
doubt eam CNN reporters major 
awards for their perfonnance. Un-
fortunately, as the hours ticked by, 
the CNN news reports became 
censored by Iraqi officials. 

Kudos go to KNSD channel 
thiny-nine/cable seven, the local 
NBC affiliate, for presenting what 
was undoubtedly the best local 
coverage. 

The numerous reporters sta-
tioned in different locations around 
the county, such as Miramar Naval 

Base, Camp Pendelton, and the 
Federal Building, gave San 
Diegans the opportunity to ex-
press their feelings about the war. 

All the networks had an ample 
supply of well briefed military 
personnel and specialists on the 
Middle East. The expertise of 
these specialist became even 
more apparent when video foot-
age complemented their state-
ments. 

Unfortunately, they all 
bumbled in their specu-
lations and uncon-
fim1ed reports. This 
arose from the fact they 
had too much time on 
their hands, and not 
enough infonnmion to 
report. Thus it was a 
mi take to go 24 hours 
a day . 

Another si tuation 
involved the military 's 
news black-o ur. Thi 
again left the networks 
to speculate on what 
wa happening. Yet 
without the news black-
out, the network would 
have been free to 

broadcast exactly what was hap-
pening- to the Iraqi officials. 

Where the bombs were hit-
ting, where troop movements 
were occurring, and what was 
going to happen next would have 
beamed directly to Iraq. As a 
result , the new networks were 
left in a Catch-22. 

It's nice to know that the net-
works have figured out ,that 
twenty-four hour coverage i just 
not going to work. 

Though Americans would like 
to be informed, the networks were 
giving themselves too much time 
to make too many mistakes. 

Hopefully from now on, the 
news that we see will be the news 
that is important and correct. 

Oh, but this hasn't been con-
fmned yet. 

'. \ 



r 

14 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, January 22,1991 

Blood Donations Needed for Operation Desert Storm Troops 
The onset of war has spread a 

feeling of helplessness through-
out the student body. Yet, accord-
ing 10 Stephanie Casenza, public 
affairs manager of the San Diego 
Blood Bank, anyone can help 
troops in the Middle East by do-
nating the gift of life - blood. 

Casenza said that those who 
would like to donate to soldiers 
can do so through a fund the blood 
bank. has set up specifically for 
Operation De en Storm. 

Current! y , the San DiegoBlood 
Bank. is sending 50 pints per week. 
to the MiddJe East. With the help 

II 

of volunteers, this number could 
increase to 100 pints per week. 

Although each person donates 
just one pint, "a single pint has the 
potential of helping four people," 
Casenza said. 

Donated blood is broken down 
into several component , each 
serving people with different 
needs. For example, the plasma 
component of blood can be used 
for bum victims, Casenza. said. 

Anyone between the ages of 17 
and 70, and weighing at least 100 
pounds, can be a donor. Tbey must 
also be in good health and have no 

, 'There's no substitute for blood. Our nation's 
bIoodSl41llY is provided by voIunteerbiood donors." 

- SIaptme ea.a, 
San DIego Blood Bank Public AffaIrs Manager 

history of hepatitis, cancer,or seri-
ous heart orcirculatoryconditions. 

Bl00d-donating celUers are lo-
cated across San Diego County, 
but the closest one to UCSD is at 
440 Upas Street, in Hillcrest. The 
center is open seven days a week, 
from 8:30 a.m. to 7 p.m., Monday 

through Friday, and 8:30 a.m.1O 6 
p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. 

Potential donors need not visit 
blood banks to giveblood Casenza 
encouraged people to locate the 
neare t blood-mobiles, which are 
motor units that stop at businesses. 

'1'here's no substitute for blood. 

Grand Opening Phase III 

Our nation's blood supply is pro-
vided by volunteer blood donors," 
Casenza said 

"JI's safe to give blood. (D0-
nors) can't contract any disease. All 
blood is tested," she added. 

The San Diego Blood Bank his 
been considerably busier in recent 
days, according to Casenza. 1be 
onset of war in the Middle East 
brought over 900 donors, one day" 
after the official declaration of war. 

Anyone interested in adding to 
this nwnber can call 296-6393 for 
more infonnation. 

- Sangeeta Mehta 

II 

RENTING OFF-CAMPUS CAN 
GET YOU A FAILING GRADE. 

II 

If you're paying $626/mo. ren~ you could be owning at Pacific Beach. 
we, Mom and Dad don't mind IXWing for the rent. But now)QU can show them a 

much better way to put that money to use. One that can also get you an early jump 00 
uccess in a way you ne\ r thought paiSibie as a college srudent. By owning your firsl 

home for leis than yQu're protrably paying in renl 
The 1W.a at Pacific Beach now h3! beautiful one-bedroom condominiums with 

monthly payments staning from just $626. Srudiai and lV.O-mIrooms are alc;o available. 
And hoWs this for roughing it? The be-dCh is blocks awdy. There' a 24·hour security 

guard. fuur swimming jIDls. Spas and saunas. Five nighdigtued tennis COUItS. And the 
average prit'e of a home in thi neighOOrhoOO is ~r $3OO,(0),;uurding to a recent LA. 
Time; SUIVey. 

The Aaza at P'dCific 8e'dCh. The new my of coUege living tOr the 'SQs. 

From $79,990 
1801 Diamond Street, Sat1 Diego - (619) 272·4181 - Open daily 10 to 5 

~ExcIusU~m~ 
An lNVFSTEC Det~ 

THE PLAXA 
AI Pacific Beach 

~CIII .-
--

fumpil" hJ:o<\J"" S"9 h<,,,," .. 9~~ lnl\"l\"">I h Ih..-l'N1 "",,.n, JnU I! fiN ,.. .. tIII .... ~ J'I)_,ll6l6. .. t1~h ,..\I\k-. ",,1Il""'.nI_ "' .......... ~,............, ... Ift "~I) 
",j,~, R.-jYl'conut,," k. dt-u .... '" mun" .... ", .. 1:1 .. '" It ..... I .... ~ JOO flllJn"IlJI rlk\,.~ dIto.·.t I"""""'" ... ht<\1 h' ""' ...... 'WI'~.tfIrt dt.-....... ,U,,, rtIocJ<", II 

Tuesday, January 22,1991 

MEChA 
Continued from page 3 

His answer 10 that accusation was, 
"How can a victim of racism be a 
perpetrator of racism?" 

At the manda!ory "Olicano Moti-
vatioo" wOtkshop, several speakers 
told about their own experiences with 
the challertge of coUege. 

Patrick Velasquez, director of the 
Sununer Bridge Program, and Dr. 
Francine Maninez,deanofThiJdCol-
lege, led the discussion aloog with 
several UCSDstudents. Eachofthem 
told about the obstacles they over-
came in mJer to get into coUege and 
the problems they had once they were 
there. 

Among the topics discussed were 
the new choices that higbereducation 
brings to peq>le's lives and the power 
lhaIitgivesgraduales. However,they 
also told of having to go out of their 
way to find out about college, and 
sane even opposed their family's 
wishes by deciding to attend. 

Overall, the conference was 
deemed "really successful" by c0-
chair I..upita A vii\a. 

AtaWl1lJHlPsessioo,srudentswere 
asked their likes and dislikes aboutthe 
event Accading to Avil'la, srudents 
werehappythat MEOlA • 'didn't push 
anything on them but [instead) just 
provided infonnatim" 

Her biggest wishfornext year is to 
invite more schools, and especially 
sane from the La; Angeles area, to 
atteOO. 

• 

PLAN 
ContInUed from page 1 
!han on 1becommunity ooUeges. 

"A kIl ~ 1bJ&e under-repre-
geIICd [SIUdenIs] dm 'toome fum 
bigbachool but frml1be commu-
oityco11eges. Since norecrui1mefl1 
is larJlCledatthem, a lol of students 
_left out," he said. 

MEChAis a1soconcemr:dthat 
LaIioo and Filipioo students are 
not specificalJy rneIIIioned in the 
plan .. uqet groups for increased 
SAA emoUmeot Acoording to 
dala,1bese SIUdents are 00 looger 
seena wcb:lqxesemci 

Niet8s said be believes !bat 
Ibis candusion is iJM:omIct, result-
ingfromproblans wilb1bewayin 
wbk:b ~ edw1ic groups_ 
ddennined. Aocording to him, 
11110)' high sdxd studmIs do not 
ideoIify wiIb terms such.., Mexi-
can-American, choosing insIead 

~tbernselYe'lasLatino. 
1lis means that when applicants 

~more~showup 
thin actuaDy exist. 

.. Applicaots should be clear 
wbat1beyrnaItaOOshouldbeaware 
of the ~ons,"Nieblassaid. 

Twoweeksago,Edsmsubnit-
tedlUUllberofameoomeotstolbc 
Fiv&-YearPlan.Oncof1besestared 
IblI Latino and Filipino studenIs 
sbouId a.uinue to be mrgets of 
0UIreIICh progiaolS. The proposal 
was .ejecled. 

The UCSD Guardian 

0Iber ameodments - includ-
ina III mease in SAA transfer 
enroIIrnerns from cooununity col-
leges. and developing a retaIIion 
fee based on the l1QA program 
which charges two dolJars per stu-
deRfOltdadio&relaledprograms 
-are preseody being looked over 

byVicealln:dkd~Watsoo. 
Ft.Ir1herameIOncntstotheFive-

Yelill Plan involve the sepamte in-
clusionofdisabledSllXlentsandtbe 
develqmeol of a seperaJe tnMter 
plan for disabled students. 

Disabled sIUdents have been 
excluded from the plan because 
diaaiminatioo againsl diem has 
been bisIDricaIly de focto .. op-
poeedf01bedisaiminalionexperi-
enoed by other SAA groups. 

AlIbougbEdson'sanemnftlS 
toiDcludedisabiedSlUdtm will be 

~, this does not meal that 
they will not actuaDy be incorpo-
raIed info the Five-Year Plan but 
wiIlbethesubjectofaseparareone. 
AcalrdingtoJoeJ...indJey,Disabled 
StudedS UniCIl (DSU) p-esident, 
this decisioo is unacceptable. 

"We don't want it that way-
we waolto be inooIporated within 
the Five-Year PIao," he said. 

The DSU plans to hold ta1ks 
willi W8I8OI1inhopesofgeuing1be 
cbances it wants before the Fiv&-
Yelill Plan mtebes its final draft. 

'"We will keep on figbling until 
wearefuDyiDxxporaled."Uldey 
added. 

..JoIn th.G~rd_n Internship programl 
" W8c:lneeday,7 p.m., CSB 004 

Horsefeathers 
• Duct Soup 

plus 
comedian 

Frank Ferrante 
as Groucho 

Jan. 23 • Wed. • 7pm 
Price Center Theater 

UCSD st $2 • G.A. $4 
UCSD lox OffIce • 534-4559 

presented by Unhwalty Events & Student ActIvitle. 

NEWS 15 

Includes: Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service prices reg. $21·$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To insure faster service, it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

CALL RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 days: M-F-S 9-6 pm; T-W-T 9-8 pm 

HAia 
Gr\APFliCS 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 

MEN-WOMEN r 
I: :i1!.1 I, II~' "I " II', Ii u ,;,/ i II m "', , ~ , , , 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISISt 

WfYE GOT 
ttl CUREt 

novelty Items' gift wrapping· balloons· greeting cards 
!~l.arge selection of gift ~ shipping boxes ' 

O ~ 4.305 La Jolla Village Drive, UTC Mall (next to Carlos Murphy's) 
T.. 45.3-999.3 

W. I I , OPEN DAILY 

XEROX COPIES 

• Self service copiers. Volume discounts. Professors notes 

• Copies while you wait. Book binding 

HOURS: '- " . . 
3211 Holiday Court, La Jolla 

Next to Domino's Pizza 
MX..va ..... , rutl(I1I)41O-

412·9949 
ExpIret 2/14/91 



f 

16 CALENDAR. The UCSD Guardian 

THE WEEKLY 

1Itt-...:Jt 111ft -11Ie OASIS Wrilin, 
een. is • free service ror all UCSD 
stDdents. We offer one 10 one writing 
~ncelforlllytypeofwritillg projeclS 
- academic papers, persooal lwemems, 
t\*Ilhort storie. and poems. Our Iliff of 
IrIined undergraduates, who come (rom a 
Y8iety of academic discipline., can help 
yvu become a more effective wriu:r. Call 
.534-228410 malte an appointment or drop 
by our offlce in the old Student Center, 
BUilding A, Room 214. Free. 

8:" Ipm.4:JO pm - The Language 
Program provide assistance 10 ludent 
whose nalive language is not English and 
10 those doing work in Japanese, Italian. 
Spanish and French. A diagnostic Icst on 
wrinen English a a second language is 
available on request Call 534-2284 for 
more information. Student Center. Bldg. 
A lf214, Free. 

8:00 am-4:JO pm - The OASIS Study 
Management Cenler provides serv ices to 

o.¥'. am.Il:. p. - AlcoIIoI & 
....... abela ........... Dou& 
Shaa, pca'"'QI8nseltlr, .534-3035. HSS 
20'6. Free. 

Z:Jt p .... :3. pm - WOMEN 
MOLESTED AS CHILDREN (AMAC): 
A aroup for women who urvived 
childhood or IdoIescent stJ(ual abu5e by 
rranaen, acquaintances, and,lor family 

members. Call Lis. Hinz . .534·3755. 
Preliminary appointment necessary. 
Revelle Formal Lounge. Free. 

J:OO pm.4:JO pm - RED I 
(RECOVERING FROM EATING 
DISORDERS): A studenl work hip for 
becoming more aware of eating patterns. 
Habit-breaking. ,elf-esteem. a semion, 
other coping method taught. Leaders: 
ReinaJuarez, Nancy Wahlig. Sign-up: 534-
387S. HSS 2126. Free. 

4:00 pm-S:JO pm - UNDER-
GRADUATE THERAPY GROUP: For 
undergraduale studenls who have had 
individual counseling and are now ready 
to explore issues in agroupcoolext. Leader: 

•• pm.2:JO pm - OVERCOMING 
OOMPVL.SIVE EATlNG: For women 
who habillially diet and binge. Focus on 
manag .... SI/e$$, building self-esteem, 
increasin,lWIItIIOII $ . Leader: Equilla 
LulIe, 534-3585. Pldimloary appoi nlment 
1IeIlCSSII)'. HSS 2 I 41. Free. 

2:31 .... 3:51 .. -REDU: for students 
whowal1uobcult lite binp-purp: cycle of 
bulimia. ~aJly studenb adeod a RED 
r group as a first llep. Call Lila HiDZ or 
Karen Cogan: 534-31$$ for more 
inforniation . Revelle Provost', Office. 
Frw. 

J: .. ,...5:tt pm - Akollol.t IUbllIDCC 
abuse peer counaeling: Eric Ferguson, peer 
counselor. SJ44767. Argo Hall, Rm 1041 
lOS. Free. 

4:30 pm.':'. pm - AFRTCAN· 
AMERICAN WOMEN'S SUPPORT 
GROUP: Informal di cuuion group 
meeting weokly. focusing on interests and 
con,:oms or African-American women. 
Leader: Equilla Luke, S34-358S/sign·up. 
HSS 210S. Free. 

Equilla Luke, 534-3585, Preliminary 
appointment neces~ary. GH 1003. Free. alIS1udelnswhowi htobecome succes ful, 6:30 pm-8:00 pm _ Gay and Bisexual 

indepcndcntlifetimelearners. Wecanhelp Men' s SuppOrt Group meets every 

Free. 

VVednadlY, Ju 13,1991 

•• : .... - Can you really set infections 
offoflOiictlCllS? How should leallOeue 
PMS? Come 10 a well woman ICssion 10 
gel theM: questions __ red and more. 
Student HeaIIh Service, 2nd floor. Free. 

I:" pm - FREE SEX! Come 10 a birth 
control info session where you'll get a free 
condom. Feel fnee 10 aslc any relationship, 
sex or birth control questions. Sessions are 
led by Sludenl Health Advocates. Student 
Health Service. 2nd noor. Free 

2:00 pm - He was cute and nice. so the 
night she spen!o Didn'l use a binh control 
device, now she's pregnanL Follow our 
advice, or you could be a parent! Come to 
a binh control info session and pick a 
convenienlrnethod foryou . Studenl Health 
Service. 2nd noor. Free. 

Thursday, Jan. 24, 1991 

10:00 am - How much does it cost 10 
have a baby? How much does it cost to 
raise one? How much isan abonion?Weli. 
it COSlS $3.50 for a lube of spermicide, $5 
for a cycle's worth of pills and $35 for 
),our own cervical cap. Come to a binh 
control info session to hear to prices of 
every method. Student Health Service, 
2nd noor. Frft:. 

1:11 pm - AR: you sexually aClive? If 
yOW" ans_r's no, or if birth control is not 
a concern then come 10 a well woman 
session. We' ll di~ussthe PAP smear, non 
sexually transmilled infections, and 
mineral reauaJtion. StudentHealthServ ice, 
2nd noor. Free. 

EDUCATIONAL 

Tuesday, January 22,1991 

Sequoia Room (Muir College). 

ENTERTAINMENT 

fridly, J .... 15 and Salurday, J .... U. 
1991 

UCSD Cabaret presenls John Patrick 
Shanley' 5 "Danny and the Deep Blue Sea," 
directcd by Meli ssa Morns - an 
elllOlionally real piece ccmering on twO 
violent, yel vulnerable. people who 
encounter one another in a Bronx bar. 409 
Small. 

Saturday, Jan. 26, 1991 

10:10 1m -Inlernalional Club is going 
on a whale watching trip. Don ' I miss a 
great opponunily to join u and see whales 
in the wild. Las day 10 sign.up and pay is 
Jan. 24. Meel al the International Center. 
10:00 am to car pool . $9. 

RELIGIOUS FUNCTIONS 

Tuesday, Jan. 22, 1991 

4:00 pm -Jewish Campus Cenlers. 
Talmud Class. CAli 534-2.521 for Info. 
502 MAAC. 

7:00 pm--CATHOLIC BIBLE STUDY. 
Each week we hear, renect on, diseuss, 
and pray the upcoming Sunday Scriptures. 
Pleasej<lin us. University Lutheran Church, 
Catholic Lounge, Corner of N. Torrey 
Pines Rd. and La Jolla Shores Drive. 

Tuesday through Saturday, Jan. 22·26 

S:OO pm-CATHOLIC MASS . 
Sponsored by the Calhol ic Student 
Conlmunity at UCSD. University Lutheran 
Church. corner of N. Torrey Pines and La 
10lla Shores Drive. you process inform allon more ef Icientiy Thursda 6: to 8:00atThrid Colle 

and effectively. Check our wor. h(lp.uu:-I'tH_""""lI"IrrNt:,,:,,,,~n ~-~~;~~~~~~;~~~;-~~~~~iIIoJ~~-:~:-:--"';V";d=;a;~~'Z3';''t'! .... __ ~ 
nak" aft appJllllment or Individual DISORDERS}: For student~ who a~ I:Ofpm.2:.Jtpm-Tidepooling{orTocs Wednesday, an. , 

conference on a variety of lopics: time beyondrellu larpallem ofbinginll,difllllg. atLaJollaShoreswtthaScrippsAquarlum. 
managemenl. perceiving organization in or purging bUI who wnnllO cOOlinue their Friday, Jan.l5, 1991 Mu~eum naturali t. SIO-adult$, $6-
listening nnd reading, textbook analysl~, self-development through mcrea'>Cd le'~ls children. 
memory tnhancemcnl, e,am prep of sharing and tru.1. Sign·up: 534.2237. 
\tr8legies. en:. Call 534·7344 to relll>ter new Lit. Bldg. 3247, Free. 9:00 am-II :00 am - Alcohol & 

substances abuse peer counseling: Nicole 
Blanchard, peer counselor. 534-6030. 
Acad. Supp. Bldg 1 to. Free. 

for a \Vorl-shop or make an indiVidual 
appomtment. Drop.in ~rvices arc also 
available at USB4010. Diagnostic tests in 
reading, learning t(alcgie, and learning 
styles are also offered. USB 4010. Free. 

liuesdly,Jln.22,1991 

3:" pm.J:58 pm -
nUlnagement. USB 401 

Thursday. Jln. 24, 

VVtdncsdlY, Jan. 23,l991 

u:tO pm-J:JO pm - UNDER-
GRADUATE WOMEN'S GROUP: This 
JIOIIP will focus on cooccm common 
~'~_~lIIlIIqaduare WOI1Ial iocludin,: 

VVtdnesday, Jan. 13, 1991 

7:" pm - COMI:to I tree lecture on the 
California while 81iarllions by Dr. Ben 

Kobayashi. It'Slpallead·~toOllrwhale 
waIChina crlp Jan. 26.1nlCl.Jlllioall C'cDIer 
Conference Room. Free. 

7:JO pta-WEDNESDAY NIGHt 
DISCUSSIONS. Catholics and the Bible. 
Think Catholics don '1 read the bible?Come 
and let's talkaboul iton Wednesday. Price 
Cenler. 

':31 pm -CANDLELIGHT MASS. A 
quiet, meditalive lime for sharing with 
others. Sponsored by the Catholic Student 
Community.t UCSD. University Lutheran 
CNrdt comer ofN. Tomy Pines and La 
IclUa SIIorea Dr. 

Friday, Jill. 25 • .". .. 

61ft pm-Union of 1ewilh StIIdc:au. 
SIJIbbat Service and OJ_r. MIIIdIMIIe 
SIC., Tio .. HaJl. Admission $J.9j. 

Sonda,.. J .... 27, .,,1 

Tuesday, January 22, 1991 

UCSDSwamps 
Opponents 
• W. Swimming defeats Pepperdine, 
USD Saturday at Canyonview 
By Craig Elsten 
Guardian Reporter 

The UCSD women's swim learn staned it ea on 
off on the right foot Saturday at Canyonview Pool , 
cruising to an easy victory in a dual meet against USD 
and Pepperdine. The Tritons out cored the Toreros of 
USD bythecomfonable marginof69-57 and trounced 
Pepperdine. 79-54. 

UCSD placed first and second in ix event, de-
lighting first-year Head Coach Doug Boyd. 

"The team warn faster than I thought they would," 
aid Boyd. "The gi rls worked really hard." 

The meet aw significant individual ac ompli h-
ment a well,aslwomoreTriton wimmersqualified 
for the NCAA nalional meet. Cindy Miller swam a 
4:42. 16 in an exhibition 400-yard individual medley 
to qualify, and Nicole Res ler joined her with a time 
of I :02.04 in the lOO-yard butterfly. 

Boyd also noted excellent perfonnances by Jocelyn 
Rothbard in the loa-yard freestyle, and Alii on Dunn, 
whose I: I I .02 mark in the lOO-yard breaststroke j u t 
missed qualifying her for the NCAA . 

"For where we are in the season [am very plea ed," 
Boyd remarked, "and things are looking good for the 

M. VOLLEY 
Continued from page 24 

After losing the first game 15· 
10, UCSD jumped ahead to a 9-1 
lead with effective blocking in the 
second game. The Matador man-
aged to bounce back, tying the 
score at 14. 

The teams battled fiercely over 
the next few points, but UCSD 
prevailed with the serv ing of team 
captain Lawrence Werner. whose 
ace broke the tie and fueled the 16-
14 second-game victory. 

The Tritons dropped the third 
game 1 I -15 and, after falling be-
hind to a depres ing score of 10-1 
in the fourth, reeled off seven 
straight points . 

Sophomore Lamson Lam, who 
finished the night with 24 kills, 
continued the Tritons' las t-ditch 
rally with a couple of serrvice aces 
to tie the core at 11. 

Nonhridge, however, answered 
with three straight points to edge 
ahead of the drained Tritons, 14-
11. Two consecutive blocks by 
Werner kept the match alive, but 
the Matadors prevailed, 15-11, 

After the game, Graybill re-
flected , "I'm encouraged, but not 
satisfied, and the players aren't 
either. " 

Graybill said he was quite 
pleased with his team's intensity, 
as well as the serving, attacking, 
and blocking statistics - most 
notably UCSD's 28 percent kill 
ratio - were very successful 
considering the strength of the 
opposition. 

Graybill wa especially happy 
with the perfonnances of freshmen 
outside hitters Rob Crotly and 
Bruce Williams, 

Crotty finished with 10 kills, 
hitting 37 percent, and Williams 
hit 55 percent. 

Williams also boasted zero er-
rors on the evening. 

Graybill hopes that the team 
can learn to go with the flow of a 
match, and to not expect miracles, 

Indeed, Saturday night aw 
several changes of momentum, 
which Graybill described as "the 
elusive groove that seems so easy 
when you have it and so difficult 
when you don'\." 

T he UCSD Guardian SPORTS 17 

DELTA AMMA 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 
The Tritons swam an impressive meet - easily 
outscoring the Toreros and the Waves. 
rest of the year." 

The diving team al 0 looked sirong Saturday. as it 
look bOlh lhe one- and three-meter springboard com-
petition . Ruth Prange led the team with a compo it · 
score of 254.7 in (he one meter, while Cat hi Wood 
dominated the three meter con lesl with a score of 
269.4. 

Overall, the Triton took five of the top ix slots in 
the one-meter, while making a clean sweep of the top 
fi ve three-meter spots. 

SKATE for the BLIND 
. IIU,lftloll1l,IUlfU,'Ult'nl"UIIU. 

.'ldll.,lhlhtuc .. ,U,le,h·Uh. 

Saturday, January 26 
4:3G-6:30 

$5 at the door, $4 from any ~r 
COME JOIN THE FUNI 

All proceeds go to the 
Foundation tor the Blind 

If either of these 
makes your pulse race, 
~avjng to get a real job talk to us and produce tomorrow's 
Isn't so bad. • products. 

Not when there's a place where the We're involved in electronic de ign 
people get a pumped up about technol· automation, automatic te t equipment, 
ogy a you do. telecommunication I.e t, and cu tom 

A place where you work on real tuff connections. All four of our busine 
right away. And red tape and bureaucrac are mark t leaders. 
are kept away. Our work environment i ,well, colle· 

Of course, there is a catch. We only want giate. And among other great benefits, 
software and hardware professional who like we offer an educational aSSistance plan 
to be on the leading edge of high technology. with 100% reimbursement-up front. 

That's because our business is help- So talk to us. Or settle for a job that 
Ing other high tech companies develop may turn out to be ju t work. 

Corporate Headquarters: Boeton, MA Major Locations: Nashua. NH' Deerfield, IL' Agoura Hills, CA' Santa Clara, CA ' Tokyo' United Kingdom 

We'll be on campus: January 29, 1991 



18 SPORTS 

MOREORLES 
Continued from page 24 
big-time college basketball play-
er ,college is just a formality . It 's 
ju t abu stop, a cup of coffee on . 
the way to their real de tinatioll -
the NBA. 

College is ju t (l place for ome 
ex tra training be tween high chool 
and the pro. 

The ad thing aboutthi altitude 
is that only a very ~ma ll percentage 
of Division I college ba ketball 
ph,yers end up having success ful 
careers in the pro . 

0, for alJ of th se players who 
weren't taking co llege seriously 
whiletheywereplayingba ketball , 
they have nowhere to go if they 

haven't completed their education 
after four years. 

There are many recent example 
of underclas men who enter the 
draft but don ' t end up getting 
drafted by anyone because NBA 
scouts don't think they can cut it in 
the pro. 

The ep orguysarereallyhung 
out to dry because, by opting for 
the draft, they havecho en to forfeit 
the remaining year~ of their col-
lege eligibility. 

ow they d n ' t even have the 
chan e t play acouple more years. 
where they could hone thei r kill 
and make themselve m re at-
trac tive to pro ~cout ~. 

All thi , adds up to is a bunch of 
guys who have g ne through col-

The UCSD Guardian 

lege without geuing much of an 
education and have nowhere to go 
- except maybe a job opening at 
the local Chevron station - once 
they realize they won't make it in 
the NBA. 

. I think a lot of this could be 
avoided if the NBA and the NCAA 
stopped fooling lhemselvesandju t 
realized that it's time for the NBA 
to e tabli h minor league ba ket-
ball team modeled after major-
leag ue baseball's minor league 
sy tem. 

I'm ure the NBA would object 
because su h minor league basket-
ball would be "too expensive" for 
010 t team to handle. 

Yeah, right. 
If major league baseball team 

can suppon extensive minor-
league ystems. J doubt the NBA 
would have a hard time upplying 
shoes, uniforms, and ba. ketballs 
for a few dozen low-paid athletes. 

And, with ba ketball at the 
height of its popularity, r doubt 
minor league profe ional team 
would have a very hard time 
drawing con istent crowd -
except maybe in San Diego. 

The nice thing about minor 
league basketball is that it would 
allow guys to play basketball. get 
paid for it, and find out if they 
truly have a reali tic hance of 
making it in the NBA. 

Then, once they find out that 
the NBA is not for them, they 
could keep playing minor league 

American Express 
Announces A Great New 

Travel Program. 

Tuesday, January 22, 1991 

ball or use the money they've made 
from basketball to help them get 
started on a serious college educa-
tion, not one used merely as a 
vehicle for getting drafted by the 
Piston , the Celtic ,or the Lakers. 

r know this wouldn ' t be a cure-
all for college ba ketball' s many 
ills, but at least it might lessen the 
number of ca e of athlete having 
nowhere to go with their live after 
wasting their opportunity at a pro-
ductive college education. 

But, most of all, it wou ld give 
Dick Vitale one Ie thing to talk 
about while h' ailing college 
basketball games. 

And, after all, the world 
couldn 't hope to ask for a better 
reward than that. 

Now students can get the Card 
and get 3 roundtrips on Continental 
Airlines, for only $129 or $189 each. 

48 contiguous states. And you can fly almost anytime- because 
there are no blackout dates. But you must make your reservations 
within 14 days of the day you leave. And the maximum stay is 
7 day /6 nights and must include a Saturday night. 

In addition to this great travel program, you'll also enjoy all 
the benefits of Cardmembership as well as other exclusive student 
privileges. They include a quarterly magaZine filled with informa· 

There' only one way to cover a 1m of territory without spending tive articles on summer jobs, careers, campus life. Plus valuable 
a 1m of money. And that's by getting the American Expre ·Card. discount from leading retailers. 
It's the only card that offer an exciting new travel program BUI remember, there's only one way to get all this-and that's 
exclu ivel for tudents- including three roundtrip certificates on by getting the American Express Card. Just call us (have your bank 
Continental Airline . ';;;::'3 addre and account number on hand). What's more, 

Just look at the map and pick the place you'd like ~ ! with ou r pecial tudent offer, it's ea ier to get the 
to vi it. If it's 0 11 your side of the Missi Sippi River, you I Card now while you're still in school than it may 
can use a certificate to fly for only $129 roundtrip. Or, I ever be again. 
you can cro s the Mi i ippi for $189 roundtrip. So get the Card. And get ready to cover new 

You have your pick of more than 150 citie in the . . ... terrilOryon either side of our Great Continental Divide. 
Membership Has Its PrMleges· 

CALL l-BOO-942-AMEX 
/f),OIJre already a Cardm~mber, tbere's no nec.'<i to call. tnjonnation about ),our certificates will be arrivins jl()()n. 

"""""' ....... ,nd conditions 01 'h~ ,,. ... 0It! .. ,II.rr ....... I,h """ «",kilt) ConIlnrn,,1 AI~, ...... 1one is , .. ,,0,"11* for lullll ..... o"'hlS"". A_nn £.Ipom mu_ no liaIJolMy "" Conll_ AIIII ... · ....-- 0 ~ A_ ..... tmrI _1onIca ~ IrIc. 

Tuesday, January 22, 1991 

W.HOOP 
ContInued from page 24 
51-47, driving the Triton record to 
12-4. 

··It was an intere ting game," 
Head Coach Judy Malone com-
mented. 

"They were olid." 
After over a month off from 

traveling. the Triton challenged 
Pomona-Pitzer in the Sagehen ' 
ne t, which apperently cau ed some 
difficultie for UCSD. 

"We haven ' t played away from 
home since about mid-December," 
Malone said. 

"And it showed-it's tougher 
to play on the road. We missed our 
first six shots." 

The Sagehens held the lead for 
most of the first half, but in the 
final minutes before the halftime, 
the Tritons moved ahead by three, 
bringing the core to 26-23. 

" It wasaclose gamemostofthe 
time," Malone said. 

After ini tially gaining the lead 
at the end of the first half, UCSD 
maintained its po iton and brought 
another victory home. 

And, as usual, it was the Triton 
defense that can be credited with 
the success. 

" Our defense was outstanding," 
Malone said, noting the perfor-
mance of junior Molly Jonnum. 
Malone said Jonnum is typically 
responsible for stopping UCSD's 
opponent's lead scorer. 

" Ba iealIy the reason we're 
winning is our great defense, and 
our defense is great because 
[JonnumJ is able to shut down the 
lead scorer," Malone said. 

Pomona-Pitzer's lead scorer 
who usually average 20 point 

PREVIEW 
Continued from page 24 
to compete with the elite Division 
[ schools such as Cal State Long 
Beach and San Diego State. 

As an indication of the high 
caliber of competition the Tritons 
face this season, UCSD suffered 
an early- eason loss toPepperdine, 
a top Division I team, on January 
11. The team also went 2-5 in a 
tournament at UCSB on January 
11 - 12. 

For the last two years, the Tri-
tons have won the Division ill 
Pacific Coast Volleyball Confer-
ence without having lost a single 
match to a Division ill school. 

Coach Graybill added that the 
Tritons played several Division I 
schools "as good as even," citing a 
very close match against UC Irvine 
last year which the Tritons lost in 
five games. 

In men 's volleyball, there are 
only 58 NCAA teams nationwide 
and, at the end of the_regUlar sea-
son, a single championship tour-
nament is played. 

A total of four teams from 
around the nation are chosen for 

THE GUARDIAN 

STlL ON 
TOP 

OF THE CAMPUS. 

MONDAY 
AND 

THURSDAY 

The UCSD Guardian 

Brian MOrrlS/uLJan'Jlan 
The Tritons squeaked by Pomona-Pitzer, 51-47, Friday night. 

this tournament- but, noDivision 
ill team has ever been invited to 
participate in the po t eason play-
off. 

This year, the Tritons will have 
to try to overcome the loss of 
several players from last season's 
squad. 

The mo t painful 10 s wa wing 
hitter Nate Brown, who wa a two-
time team MVP and two time Pa-
cific Coa t Conference MVP. 
GraybiJI called him a "Divis ion J-
caliber player." 

John Lim, a four-year starter 
and All-Pacific Coast Conference 
player, was also lost to graduation. 

Coach Graybill explained that 
the team's biggest strength this 
year is passing. 

Although the team lacks the 
velocity and strength it previously 
had, Graybill hopes that a very 
can istent offen e will control 
games. 

He added that the Tritons' of-
fense will feature a balanced attack 
and that the offensive strategy 
won't be centered around any in-
dividual player. 

The Tritons wilJ have to depend 
upon a variety of players this year. 

andjuniorCari Young led UCSD 
scoring with 18 and 14 points, 
re pectively, while junior Kathleen 
Alvarez added eight point and 
seven assists. 

Senior John Lee, returning from a 
year abroad, will s t.art at setter for 
the Tritons. 

Freshman Rob Crotty per-
formed especially well the UCSB 
lOumamem and should help in the 
team as an attacker. 

Graybill praised Crotty, saying 
that he brought a special "enthusi-
asm and spark" to the game. 

R eturning players Gerry 
Goldstein, Lamson Lam, and 
Lawrence Wemerarealsoexpected 
to bring some punch to the Triton 
Lineup. 

Graybill said that his tearn needs 
to improve its blocking. 

In highcalibermen 'svolleyball, 
it i nearly impossible to can i -
tently dig fast, hard hits from the 
other team. 

Blocking is crucial if the Tri-
tons hope to score points off their 
serves. 

"We are just s tarting to develop 
a team personality and identity," 
Graybill stated. 

Graybill described the team as 
"coachable, with a lotofpotential" 
and empha ized thalthe team will 
only improve as the season 
progresses. 

r------------oc;----ml ! Save $1 ona! 
I FarrnJS Star ~ Combo I 
I Present this coupon cmd save $1.00 when you pwchase 

a Famous Star Hamburge~, regular I 
I french b1es, cmd a regular cIrtnk. W I 
I 0IlinalldflllougllFetlr\Iary25. 1991 attbafollowing -.; I I Cad"Jr.·~4199GovemorDr., ~ I 
I 2903 Bwgeoer Blvd., a. 6788 MIramar lid. I OaIy ___ ~.o.._.... · 
I ~~~a::::-:=i.TCD Carl's Jr. I L ____________________ ~ 

SPORTS 19 

Join the Guardian staffl 
Come to the first meeting of the Guardian 

internship program, run by a local 
award-winning professional journalist. 

Plus: Dave Wyner will be there. Dave Wynerl 

Wednesday, 7 p.m., CSB 004 
No experience necessary - just enthusiam. 

Roberl'sAuto 

...sA' I 
j 

German, Swedish 
Japanese Service 
• All Work Fully Guaranteed 
• Factory-Trained Specialists 

-(619)275-1132 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-6:30 pm 
Saturday. 8 am-6 pm 

10 0lIl" clNll-.,.. 

4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

---------------------

10% OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

·E=pt motor and transmiuion ouerhaul. Not valid with any otlttr ooupon. 

lUWHl RiCORDS \ VlOiO 
MICHAEL 
B R E C K, E R 

You saw him open for 
Paul Simon at the 
SAN DIEGO SPORTS 
ARENA, now get his 
latest release at Tower! 

ALSO ON SA.LEI 
Micluul BrecbrlDon" Try this At Home & 

Michael Brecker/Michael Brecker 
SALE ENDS JANUARY 211. 1"1 

OPEN SIAM TO MIDNIGHT· 315 DAYS A YEAR 

EL CAJON I SPORTS ARENA I 
796 Fletcher PIIr1cwav 3601 Sports Arenl BIYd. 

8CrOQ from I'afIIw.y PIau VIOeO 
OPIIH 10 aM TO 10 .. M 3393 Kemper Sl 

MUSIC VIDEa ~ ~ VIDEO UlD , IlElTALS! 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 Et Cl)on Blvd. 

nexll0 Art 51. Post Off. 

~ - --
-

' . 



, 

20 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth, education, prayer, socializing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Students I 
502 Matthews; east of the Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534-252t . (1n-31 
15) 

"You can no more win a war than you 
can win an earthquake." Jeannette 
Rankin (1880-1973) (1I17-1122) 

Attention all Third College Students. 
Two representatives from our college 
are needed to sit on a commltt.ee that 
shall oversee the legitimacy of the 
upcoming AS elections. FOr more info , 
please contact Third College Councilor 
the Dean's 0Ilice,(1/17-1/24} 

Are you COLOR BLIND? Earn $5/hr 
participating In experiments on human 
colOr vision. If you know Or suspect you 
are color deficient call Ethan, 534-2999, 
Dept. of Psych for more info. Return 
subjects welcome. (1 /14-1131) 

The AS Internship office is open nowl 
Paid/non-paid internships: San Diego, 
CA, Natlonwidel l 534-4689 NOWII(11 
14-1122} 

MUir Leadership Positions Available: 
Pick up applications in the Muir Dean's 
OHice (H&SS 2126) or MOM. Return 
them to Muir Dean's Office no later than 
Wednesday, Jan 23rd at 4:00pm. (I I 
17-1122) 

Interns needed Levi's San Francisco 
Divislon l Sales/Markellng l Exo-
brackets imports/Exports In San Diegol 
534-4689 for information I (1/17-1122) 

ASIO internships: Pacific Southwest 
Mortgage paid summer financel 
mortgage work possible lulure Job. 534-
4689 NOW! (1 /17-1122) 

San Diego Convention Center needs 
Management interns for Spring! 
Administrativel event coordination 
experience. Call ASI0534-4689!(1/ 17-
1/22} 

The AS Internship Office has California, 
National , & San Diego internships 
available. 534-4689 or come to our 3rd 
floor office in the Price Center (behind 
the AS Senator's cubicles!)(1 /17-1/22) 

Revelle College is having a town 
meetingl January 28th al7 p.m. in Why 
Not Here? Come and find out aboul 
parking , fee increases, and other 
important campus issues. (1122-1128) 

Get Your Team Readyl Revelle College 
Bowl- Jan. 30. Sign-up at the Revelle 
Dean's office by Jan. 28. (1122-1124) 

Revelle College Council meetings are 
open to all who are interested in finding 
out more about what is happening at 
Revelle and UCSD. Meeting: 4-5 p.m. 
at the Revelle Provost Office . (1 122-11 
31) 

this coupon 
~Ires 5131/91 

41 50 RC<JCf'lts Pork RoUJ 
La Jolla CA 92037 

457-1007 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments_ The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
co The UCSD Guardian) or presented in. person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Mon.day for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse allY advertising including but /lot limited to compa~ionship ad~. For 
more information caJ/534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD GuardJan, 9500 GIlman 
Drive, 0316, La Jolla , CA 92093-0316. AClUa/ address: Student Center A, IOpf/oor. 

Best Fundralser On Campus I is your 
fraternity, sorority, or club interested in 
earning $500.00 to $1 ,000.00 for a one 
week, on-campus marketing proJect? 
You must be well organized and hard 
working. Call Lena at (800) 592-2121, 
ext 115. (1 122) 
Concerned about culls ? Need to know 
more? The Cult Awareness Network IS 
available to answer your questions. Call 
(312) 267-7777, orwnte CAN 2421 W. 
Pratt Blvd., Ste. 1173, Chicago, III. 
60645. Message sponsored by United 
CampusMinistry - 534-2521 . (1 122-1/ 
24) 
UCB Presents Heavy Metal , Friday 
night Price Center. 7 and 9:30 p.m. 
Only one dollar. (1 122-1124) 
Concerned about culls? Need to know 
more? The Cult Awareness Network is 
available to answer your questions. Call 
(312) 267-7777, or write CAN 2421 W. 
Pratt Blvd., Ste. 1173, Chicago, III. 
60645. Message sponsored by United 
Campus Ministry - 534-2521 . (1122-11 
24) 
Revelle College needs appointments 
tothe A.S. elections committee, Rellellel 
College Elections Commissioner, and 
many other committees. Sign-up in the 
Revelle Provost Office. (1122-1124) 

The best Mexican food can be found at 
LaSalsa-in the Costa Verde shopping 
center. Check out the great deals on 
meals. (1 /17-2114) 
"II is those who believe in absurdities 
who commit atrocities."-Vollaire 

SERVICES 
PAPERS TYPED, LASER PRINTER. 
Term papers, theses, dissenations; fast, 
accurate, reasonable. 270-9416. (11 1 
28-1122) 
Study Abroad In Australla-
InfOrmation on semester, summer, J-
term , Graduate, and Internship 
programs. All programs run under 
$6000. Call Curtin Universily at 1-800-
878-3696. (1 /10-1122) 
Artists: Have your work documented 
for graduate school Or for galleries. 
Reasonable prices. 455-6873 (1/10-21 
4) 

SUMMERJOB 
Coun elorslSummer Children 
Camp /northeast. Top sala.ry. 
Rm/bd/laundry, travel allow-
ance. Must have skill in one of 
lhe following activities: archery, 
crafts, baseball, ba.sketball, bi-
cycling, dance, drama, drums, 
fencing, football, golf, guitar, 
gymnastics, hockey, horseback, 
English, juggling, karate, la-
crosse, nature, photography, pi-
ano, rocketry, rollerblading, 
ropes, sailboarding, sailing, 
scuba, soccer, track, waterski, 
weights. wood, 

Men call or write: 
Camp Winadu, 5 Glen Lane, 

Mamaroneck N_Y_, 10543 
(914)381-5983_ 

Women CJlII or write: 
Camp Vega P.O_ BOll 1771, 

Duxbury, ~fA 02332 (617)9JU536. 

Olga Bari- Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Studenl Discounts. 558-4644/226· 
1962. (1 /17-3114) 

PRO BARTENDER- Let me help to 
make your next pany successful. Call 
Matt 558-8528. (til 0-2I7) 

Papers typed I Ouick and aHordable. 
From $21pg. Call LJ Colony Resumes & 
Prolessional Typing . 455-8357. Laser 
printingt 60 Iypestyles to choose froml 
One day seMce available. (1/14-2I14) 

Are you having Car Trouble ? For 
complete Mechanlcall Electrical 
servicing and maintenance on your car, 
call OVERSEAS AUTOMOTIVE at 695-
1990. The Best Service at the Lowest 
Prices! (1 /17-1128) 

UCSD Specials at LISA's NAILS -
Acrylic only $19.95 fill $12 .95 , 
Fiberglass or silk $25.00, and Manicurel 
Pedicure $18.00. Close to campus on 
Miramar Rd. 587-2577. (1 /17-1/22) 

TUTORING - Math, Physics, 
Engineering, Computer Programming. 
Mark 221-7176. (1122-1/28) 

Your time Isprecious-LETME DO ITI 
Professional Word Processing. Word 
Perfect 5.1 ,LaserJet III. Papers, theses, 
dissertations , manuscripts, articles . 
Also, desktop publishing, bookkeeping. 
Student Rates - 291-1355. (1122-11 
24) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you walt. 
Xeroxes and more. Near SI. Germains. 
452-9949. (1122-6/6) 

Typing and Editing . Raise your grade 
with a prolessionally edited and typed 
paper. Call 755-9498. (1122) 

TYPINGIII I'll type your term papers , 
etc. quickly and inexpensively. Laser 
printer. Call Jennifer 546-1856. (1/22-
2121) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: Word 
Processing , Reports , Speeches , 
Dissertations , Manuscripts, 
Presentations. Experienced. Laser. 
Student Ratesl 753-5964. (1122) 

YOUR IUNESS 
COULD BE 

PROFITABLE $$$ 
If you have a major illness, 
you could make a valuable 
contribution to the medical 
community, and earn $$$. 

• Measles 
• Mononucleosis 

• Lupus 
• Herpes 

$50 
and 

• Severe Allergy 
• Chicken Pox 

up ••• 
• Lyme Disease 
• Clotting Factor Deficiency 
Sensitized to the Rh Factor 

For more infonDltlon, please coatad 

MD LABORATORIES 
226-1733 

WANTED 
MUIR House Advisor applications 
allailable through 1/23. Referral #3462 . 
Mandatory meeting : litO or 1123. Call 
534-4200. (117-1122) 

Be an R.A! Rellelle college is currently 
accepting applications for the 1991-92 
school year. Pick-up a job referral from 
part-time employment. Applications now 
available inthe Revelle Resident Deans 
office. Applications due January 22. 
For more information, please attend an 
R.A. orientation session - Jan. 16, 
5:00p.m. In W.N.H. or Jan. 16 7 :00p.m. 
in the Revelle Apartment Lounge.(11 
10-1122) 

Serious Entrepreneurial opportunity 
with financial freedom available. 
Ambitious individuals call 271-4940 or 
496-3325 for information. (11128-214) 

SUMMER JOBS (WSI) - summer 
children's camps-nonheast -men and 
women who can teach children to swim, 
swim team, beautiful pool and lakes in 
the northeast. Good salary, room & 
board, travel expense. Men call or write: 
Camp Winadu , 5 Glen Lane, 
Mamaroneck, N.Y. 10543 (914) 381 -
5983. Womencallorwrite:CampVega, 
P.O . Box 1771, Duxbury, MA. 02332 
(617) 934-6536. (117-217) 

SUMMER JOB. Tennis Jobs - summer 
children's camps-northeast-men and 
women who can teach children in the 
northeast. Good salary, room & board, 
travel expense. Women call or write: 
Camp Vega, P.O. Box 1771 , Duxbury, 
MA. 02332 (617) 934-6536. Men call Or 
Write : Camp Winadu , 5 Glen Lane, 
Mamaroneck, N.Y. 10543 (914) 381-
5983. (117-2I7) 

Earn $500- $1500/ week stuffing 
envelopes in your home. FOr free 
inlormation, send a long self-addressed 
stamped envelope to P.O. Box 4645, 
Dept. P127, Albuquerque, NM 87198.(11 
10-1 /28) 

UCSD Campus Tour Guide positions 
(5) available. Contact Career Services 
Part-time Student Employment Office. 
(1 /22-1/28) 

• ~,~ LA JOLLA -I~~ BARBER 
SHOP 

l ), " I I ,r ~ .I ,', /' ."1 " I: (,1 

Haircuts S800 

459-5792 
Cruise Ship Jobs 

HIRING Men - Women. Summer' 
Year Round. PHOTOGRAPHERS, 

OUR GUIDES, RECREATION PERSONNeL 
Excellef\t pay plus FREE travel. Cinbbean, 
Hawa", BlhImIs, Soutll PICifie, Mexico. 
CALL NOWI Cill relunct.ble. 

1-206-736-7000, Ext.~ 

Tuesday, January 22, 1991 

Need Ca.II? We dellverl Domino'. 
Pia. is now hiring lor all positions. 
Management opportunities available. 
Complete Iraining program. If you are 
18years old, have a valid drillers license, 
Juto insurance, an excellent driving 
record, and access to a car, you can : 
Earn up to $101 hr. (total comp.) Enjoy 
the freedom of being on the road, work 
llexlble hOurS. APPLY TODAYI 
Domino's Pizza UCSD 3211 Holiday 
Ct. 4s2-UCSD. Please apply after3p.m. 
(1/10-616) 

EARN $500-$1 OOO/mo. OR MORE Part 
timel Very flexible hours I 20 year old 
company e~panding into San Diego. 
Seeking 5 key people to assist in 
expansion. Call NOW!! 453-1054. (1 1 
14-1124) 

TRIPLE YOUR INCOME. Make money 
fast. Find out how. Call Bill at 558-5789 
NOWII (1114-2Il1) 

LEAD GUITARIST WANTED - with 
good rhythm knowledge and vocal ability 
for existing originals band. We have a 
place to practice. Call John F. 273-
2145 or John T. 452-6403. (1 /14-1 /24) 

National marketing lirm seeks mature 
student to manage on-campus 
promotions for lop companies this 
school year. Flexible hours with earnings 
potential to $2,500 per semester. Must 
be organized, hardworking, and money 
motivated. Call Lena at (800) 592-2121 , 
ext. 115. (1122) 

Being-Fit is hiring experienced aerobic 
instructors fOr Clairernont and SDSU 
locations. Call Lenny al 483-9294 or 
698-1702. (1 122-2111) 

Summer managemenl in ternship 
interviews now taking place. Gain 
lIaluable experience managing a team 
of employees, customers, and suppliers. 
Successful applicants will undergo 
extensive training. Average summer 
earnings range $8-15, 000. Call "Student 
Painters" for information. 1-800-426-
6441 . (1122-3111) 

Child care worker needed lor first grader 
and pre-schooler, 2:30-5:00, Del Mar 
area. $6.00/hour. Transportation & 
References required. Call 792-9729 
alter 8 p.m. (1122-1/28) 

BASS PLAYER NEEDED for forming 
rock band, In1. Rush , Satriani, 
Aerosmith, Stevie Ray Vaughan. Lee, 
562-5982, Chris 558-4598. (1122-1/24) 

Drillers -earn $7-$1 O/hr. MUST HAVE 
CAR AND INSURANCE. Class 4 ok. 
Also other positions open. Contact Babu 
at 457-2060. RoundTable Pizza. UCSD. 
(1 /22-1128) 

Part Time Job. Full Time Income. Your 
own schedule representing U.S. Sprint 
Long Distance. 525-7927. (1/22-1/31) 

Student Artisls - Atech Software, a 
lead developer and publisher of 
microcomputer software seeks fast-
paced, creative, sell-motivated students 
full or part-time fortes1ing of new desktop 
publishing product. Send resume to : 
Dept. SA, 5964 La Piace Crt., Ste 125, 
Carlsbad, CA 92008. (1122) 

FOR SALE 
For Sale: BUDWEISER NEON SIGN 
(BRAN 0 NEW) $100 o.b.o . Call 
Evenings 270-8918. (1/1 0-1122) 

Diet_ 
Center® 

STUDENT DISCOUNT 
Free Consultation. 
459-5979 
7467CUVIER 

(off Pearl) 
Daily Diet Tips call 
1-(900}990-TIDN 
9S' per miv'S 1.50 tll1l min. 

Tuesday, January 22,1991 

Camera: MInoItaX700, 50mm & 200mm 
Lenaee. Flash & Bag. $225 abo. Jay 
552-8628. Racing Bike: Centurion 
1ronnwi121Pd, Good Concl. $200 abo. 
552-8628.(1/10-1122) 

... 'or SEXI Leading Edge (IBM 
Compatible) RCD with Citizen 1200 
Printer, Sony RGB MonitorlTV (with 
Remote), Won! Perfkt, Super CIk:4, all 
receipts. Wor1h $3500+. $1100 firm. Josh 
792-8248.(1/1 0-1 122} 

Futon - beautHul color, special frame, 
upgraded,.. .... , sieeps2, New, sacrifioe 
$110, can deliver 228-1398.(1/10-1131) 

FUTONS BY WEIGHT. Call1ornia 
Administrative Code-Titfe 4 Chapter 3, 
Artide 2, Section 112G, D-IO-requires 8 
fu1on'slillingnetwelghtbeknown. We add 
ticking (natural) and sell futons lor $1.401 
pound. (Gross weight on our sealed 
Detecto scale.) An 8- queen, 70 pounds, 
6layetS, Is $98, The number of layers In a 
futon is hogwash. Always know the weight 
to oompar& shop and be sure. Forpolycore 
add $22 ($210). Roth 's Warehouse, 4807-
F Mercury Street ThUrsdays, 12-7p.m,; 
Fridays, 12-6p.m" Saturdays, 10a.m,-
5p.m., Sundays, I I a.m.--4p.m. 292-4673. 
(117-2125) 

IBM 286, 30 MB HD, W.P. 5.1, AutoCAD 
10.0, more. $6OOlbest. Must sell . Marc 
587-2176. (1/17-1131) 

SNOWBOARDS, G&S 165 Hallplpe, Sims 
1700 Ultimate. WatetSkis, 65' Impulse, 
67' Competitor. Schwinn Cruiser 459-
3061. (1/14-1122) 

NAGEL'S FRAMED: Mirage Sunglasses 
(Dark), The Playboy Portfolio, and Woman 
with Arms Crossed $SO.OO each. Aleda 
FULL WET SUIT (39 mad) $65.00. SNOW 
SKI'S (185) (for beginners) $75.00. Ed 
792-9135. (1114-1128) 

Desk-Dresser set. Perfect for cramped 
quarters. $75 for both O.B.O.I Janet 455-
8249. (1/14-1122) 

TOP-oF-THE-LINE CD PLA YEA. Denon 
DCD-620. I-year old. $398 new. Asking 
$200. Call Sean 587-8948. (1/14-1122) 

1987 Suzuki Samurai JX, oonvertible, 
excellent oondltlon, 40,000 mi, amtIm 
cassette, $4,900, must see 453-1255. (1/ 
14-1124) 

Jeep Laredo CJ7 1981-4 Speed, 4 cyl, 
51 K, vary dean, runs strong, Soft Top wI 
Hard & Soft Doors, PS, PB, CB, Stereo, 
$5,000. Call Daroid 271-6811 . (1/17-21 
II) 

New- Never Used Epson Printer-$I99. 
New Huron Mountain Bike-$15O. Honda 
Express Moped-$300, Toshiba VCR-
$200, 459-1188. (1117-1131) 

Zenith Laptop, Z-I80 PC Series, 20MB 
Hard Orille, CarryingCasa, Software (M5-
DOS, Word Perfect, PW) Okidata u92, 
24-Pin Printer, $1450. 259-9868. (1117-1/ 
22) 

Women's small: Gortex parka (newish) 
and loul weather gaar overalls/parka 
(new). Reasonable. Chris 294-7279. (11 
14-1128) 

Bicycle Radngl Training Wheels, Mavic-
Gp4 Rims (true), Suntour Hubs, Sew-
Ups, $125, Sean 587-8948. (1122-1128) 

1987 Honda Elite Scooter SESO, 6000 
miles, excatlent oondition. Black/purple, 
$350 O.B.O. Shelly 268-9732. (1122-11 
24) 

Plane ticket San-0ak R/Tleave 1131 night 
retum 214 female $55 O.B.O. 452-0181-
(1 122-1 124} 

1988 VW Fox Wagon, AC, tlnted windows, 
AMIFM cas selle, 40K miles, good 
condition, $4500/ O.B.O. 792-9293. (1/ 
22) 

Futon and frame $100, bed $70. Can 
deliver. 268-0814. (1122-1131) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, 4wheeiers, TV's, 
stereos, turniture, oomputers by DEA, 
FBt, IRS and US customs. Available your 
area now. Calf 1-805-682-7555 Ext C-
1199, (1122-1I3t) 
REPOSSESSED VA • HUD HOMES 
availablelromgowemmenttrom$t without 
credit check. You repair. Also tax 
deIInquentlorec:lolu,.. CALL 1-805-682-
7555 EXT H-I443 lor rape lilt your _a. 
(1122-1131) 

Ayto Oaldandl Mull.." 1 AT ticket SO 10 
0IIdancI1MvIng 112412:20p_m., rvluming 
1128 9:10 a.m, $50.00 O,B.O, CII 587-
8871, (1122) 

6'8' Single fin Sunset SurfboIwd, fun board 
with leu/! $100 O.B.O. 571-5345. (1122-
1124) 
For sale OIdSlllObite, Cutlass Supreme 
1971, 900 as is. runs. C"587",,976. Ask 
tor Jeff. (1122-1124) 

Portable CD Player Sony 0-25 wlwired 
remote, 4 months old wl5 year e~tended 
warranty. S250 O.B.O. Wireless Remote 
W/1MI8IJI extra. Will negotiate. Fon 587-
9588. (1122-1124) 

HOUSING 
Female roommate needed, non-smoker, 
own room In Spacious Mira Mesa house. 
$3251mo, 100ci. Utilities. If interested, call 
693-1789. (1117-1122) 
Rooms in new oondo East UTC, master, 
own bath, 1-2 people, $800, single room 
$450.457-0954. (1110-1124) 

Del Mar Condo, 2 brl2ba, lurnished, pool, 
spa, utilities, beach. $425 first, $850 
thereafter. 931-6977. (117-2125) 
WANTED: Two Roommates to share 
Master bedroom In Mira Mesa. Furnished 
bedroom with jacuui and exercise room 
on site. $275 plus utilities each a month. 
Available now. Michelle 271- I 361 . (1/14-
1122) 

Room lor rent, 4 bdrm house in U.C., 
$362.SO/month + uti!. Call Lauri 452-9409. 
(1114-1124) 

The UCSD Guardi~ 

Your own room In La Jolla OOndo. $390 
mo. + 113 utI. Call now: 535-0715. (1122-11 
28) 

Female to share 2 BR 1 BA apartment In 
La Jolla with female grad student. Oulet, 
pretty area. Walk to beach. l.arge room. 
Graat roomate. Avallable Feb. t, $362.SO, 
454-3089. (1122) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Found: ona(l} black glove for a small right 
hand. Identify and claim. David 222-5960. 
(1114-1122) 

LOST 1/16: Gold herringbone bracelet 
with hearts. Please call Wendy at 560-
5602 ilfound. Thanks. (1/22-1128) 

PERSONALS 
Lead Guitarist Wanted-with good rhythm 
knowledge and vocal ability for existing 
originals band. We halle a place to practice, 
Call John F. 273-2145 or John T. 452-
6403. (1/14-1124) 

Are you having Car Trouble? Foroomplete 
Mechanical/Electrical servicing and 
maintenance on you car, call OVERSEAS 
AUTOMOTIVE at 695-1990. The Best 
Service at the Lowest Prices I (1117-1128) 
"The whole notion 01 starting a war to 
restore stability is an Orwellian absurdity'-
(1 /17-1122) 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doc:toIal students (64-91%), after 
~ their ause WOI1\, reqin w~h 
a <issertation paneling COt'f9Ietion indefi-
1iIefy. Among these ABOs (AlI-B: 1-the-
Dissertation) are generally found the 
~ltst and most craatlv. candidates. 
Addressing those .lemenls involved in de· 
laying completion, the wolkshop guides 
participants, from beginning to following 
through and completion, particularly after 
years 01 inactivity and regardless of where 
they are in the process. 

Workshop information 
985-0426 

Postgraduale Group 

CLASSIFmDS 21 

PAID INTERNSHIPSI 
(Positions Limited) 

AppIJcatIons/lntervleWi ... 
Inc taken now for the best 
summer business Internship 
you can find, Earn $6· 
$12,000+ while managtng 
your branch of UNIVERSITY 
PAINTING PROFESSIONALS 
during summer 1991. 
Call1-8OC).KAU.uPP today, 

••••••••••••••••••• Non-smoker wanted to share 2-bedroom 
apanment on Genesee near Nobel with 
Graduate student. Ouiet complex, pool, 
BBO area, weight equipment. $380 + 1/2 
utilities +$2SO deposit for Master bedroom. 
Call Gary lor more information. 695-
7815(work) 4SO-1579(home}. (1/14-1124) 

Studyllnternships abroad through Boston - De' . - -
Universityl Meet representative Thursday, - 2 f 1 Buy a single Of double a 
Conference Room. (1/22) - r. __ .... FRE -1124 1 :30-3:00 p.m. International Center - 0 r :::e~~ 2ndvICael'~:F~R ualEI a~d Ho\n;. - . :-

-StudylWork in AlricaJ! Info session, meet : La JoIo Colony 7770 Regents Rd .. , 108 (In Ihe Vons Shopping Center) 11 am-IOpms.n.1M.; • 
returnees Tuesday, 1122 1;30-3:00 p.m. One coupon per CUllomer. Expires 1/27/91 II am-Il pmFrt.&Sat. a 
International Center Conference Room. a •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Aoommateneeded. MlF. Single room In 3 
bedroom condo near Costa Verde and 
Von's . $340/month plus 1/3 utilities. 
Contact Gina 452-5966 or Sean 552-9263_ 
(1/14-1128) 

Roommate Wantedl Own room & 
bathroom, hot tub, pool, sauna. 5 min from 
school. From 1/10 to 6130. $4501mo + t/3 
utilities. 457-8093. (1/t4-1128) 
La Jolla roommate for condo near UCSO 
olf Gilman, On Via Sonoma. Large 
Bedroom, walk-In-closet, washer/dryer, 
pool, spa, storage, park-setting, $380 + 11 
2 Electric. Non-Smoker. Call Will 552-
9288. (1/17-1122) 

Own room in nice 4 bedroom University 
City house with fireplace and large 
backyard. Great location only 8 minutes 
from UCSD. Rentisonly S345 and includes 
utilities and laundry. Looking lor mature, 
responsible roommate. Sorry, no drugs, 
pets, or smokers; Contact John 453-7159. 
(1 /17-1122) 

FOR RENT; Solana Beach Apartment, 
ocean view, $85Oimonth, 2 bedrooms, 
fenced yard, private. 259-8217. (1122) 

$25Oimonth. Own room in house. 3 blocks 
beach, La Jolla. 459-8469. Nice yard. (11 
22) 

Mira Mesa Room lor rent. Close to frwys, 
buslina, $250-325. Call Raut271 -7260 or 
534-2858, (1122-1124) 

Rooms lor Rent: two rooms in beautiful 
Del Mar house, pool, laundry, $365Imo. 
Call 793-0958. (1/22-1124) 

(1122) 

Swsn (Dennis), We're getting the call to 
the Show. See the ball, drive the ball with 
power. (1122) 

Are you concerned about the quality of 
water you drink? Call me at 558-8056 for 
drinking water at only 3 cents per gallon. 
(1122-t 124) 
"You can't say CIvilization doesn 't 
advance .. . in every war they kill you in a 
new way." Will Rogers (1879-1935) (1122-
1124) 

WELCOME Chi Omega 10 the UCSDgreek 
system II Best wishes lor much success In 
the future. Sincerely KKG. (1/22) 

Roger, with all my heart, I want you to be 
mine. (1/22-217) 

Chi Omegas - Congratulations I - We 
can't wait to meet you alII The best of luck 
- Delta Gamma. (1122) 

Su- is there a reason why all your fish are 
dying? Does this mean something bad is 
going to happen? How's your head Mike? 
Another pitcher Caren? How hungry are 
you? Let's head back to the Front! (1122) 

The sisters of Kappa Kappa Gamma would 
like to give our sincerest thanks to the 
UCSD greek system for your kind support 
In recognition of the loss of ourdear pledge, 
Mariam Haque. Thank you. (1122) 

The next Guardian Internship meeting is 
Wednesday, January 23 in CSB 004 at7 
p.m. Be a part of our staff I (1122) 

"Tl'N'rl~l) 
MUIR 

-

FRESHMEN Be 
TRANSFER 

ORIENTATION 
LEADERS 

Obtain a job referral form at Part-time Employment 
and bring it to the Muir Provost Office, 2126 H&SS, 

DndIIne for applJclltlone: Monday, February 4 
This is your opportunity to enjoy a fun and rewarding job, 

... 

1/1 OfF 
Perms &.. Highlights 

And all chemical welk. Long hair extra. 
Arst-tlme dlents. 

We specialize In all fi:>nns of highlighting &. 
coloring &. fong hair penns. 

.a. 1I.r.s 
Manicures, Pedicures &.. Faclalsl 

4130 La Jolla 
Village Dr_ 
Suite .208 
(next to Anthony's) 

451-2004 
Open 7 days a week 

Exp. 1/24/9t 

MUIR COLLEGE 
HOUSE ADVISOR POSITIONS 
1991·1992 
Applications available at the Muir Resident Life 
Office through Wednesday, January 23 with job 
referral # 3462 from Student Employment, 
Mandatory Candidates' Meeting Thursday, January 
10 or Wednesday, January 23. Application deadlille 
is 4 p .m., Friday, January 25. 

Call 534-4200 for additional information. 

WI'. Wi\IIIHOUSI.- III __ ny Me.. _ Conot,,!/ St. • 

rurONSORfRAMES 

&-' •• 31&' __ 
~&~~:=: ..... 
. ..., _' 1".-
........ ---ao __ ..... .....,It... •• 

-., ................ 

• I 



1 

22 SPOR.TS The UCSD Guardian 

~ THE WEEK IN SPOR1S 
WOMEN'S BASKETBAll 
124/unranked 

MEN'S BASKETBALL 
UCSD 83, Menlo 66 
UCSD 

Min FG-A FT·A RAP T 
McNeIll .... " 35 4-4 4-4 6 1 2 12 
Lusaln ....... 1 1·2 1·1 1 0 1 3 
Jackson ..... 32 ().4 M 3 5 3 0 
Johnson ..... 2 1·1 MOO 0 2 
Spence ...... 9 M M 1 010 
Rapp ......... 38 9-1411·15 3 2 1 30 
Shawcrolt ,, 19 1·5 M 3 2 5 2 
Lindsay """ 2 1·1 MOO 1 2 
Moore "".". 28 8-10 ()'1 123 2 16 
Swindall "". 4 1· 2 MOO 0 2 
Batt """"". 24 EX; 2·3 5 1 3 14 
Totals """" 200 32·49 18-2435141983 

ShOoting: FIeld goals. 65"; free throws. 
75"Three-polnt goals - 1·5 (Rapp 1·3. 
Shawcrolt ()'2). Team rebounds -1. 
Blocked shots - 3 (McNeill . Spence. 
Shawcroft). Turnovers - 15 (JackSon 4 . 
Rapp 4, McNeill 3. Batt 2, Lussn. Johnson). 
Steals -5 (McNeill 2. Lusan. Shawcroft. 
Moore). Technical fouls - none. 

Menlo 
Min FG-A FT·" RAP T 

Boldt 33 4-10 5-8 5 3 2 14 
Stamps """ 34 4-9 3-3 4 2 5 11 
Kaminsky ". 16 ()'2 M 3 1 5 0 
Newnan "". 37 6-7 3-6 6 1 ') 15 
BUlk """ .. ,,6 M M 0 3 1 0 

M. HOOP 
Continued from page 24 
date, a UCSD "overpowered" 
Menlo on the way to ending the 
Oak ' 3 l -game home winning 

treak. . 
"In terms of execu tion, we 

played two really good hal ve [in 
the Menlo gamel," Marshall aid. 
" We dominated them injust about 
every pha e of the game." 

The Tritons did ju t that a 
UCSD out hot Menlo from the 
floor (65 to 45 percent), but also 
managed to outrebound the Oaks 
by 10 (35 to 25). 

Once again enior co-captain 
off-guard Tim Rapp led the Tritons 
in coring with 30 points on nine of 
14 shooting from the floor and 11 
of 15 shooting from the charity 
stripe. 

But, perhaps the game's most 
notable perfo rmance was turned in 
by ophomore forward Chris 
Moore, who came off the bench to 
core 16 point and grab a team-

high 12 rebounds in 28 minutes of 
play. 

According to Marshall. Moore's 

UPCOMING EVENTS 
-

-- -

Date !wilt ,.. 

Jan. 25 W. Basketball v. The Master's 6:00 p.m. 
M. Basketball v. CSU San Bernardino 8:00 p.m. 

Jan. 26 W. Basketball at So Cal College 7:30 p .m. 
M. & W. Fencing at UCLA 1:00 p .m. 

Tliby .......... 34 5-13 1·1 4 2 2 12 
Fernandez .. 6 1·1 MOl 1 2 
Welsh ........ 34 6-14 M 3 02 12 
Totals ... .. ... 200 26-56 12·1825132066 

Shooting; FIeld &oaIS. 44 .~: Iree 
throws. 66.1" Three-point &oals - 2-11 
(Boldt 1-4. Tllby 1-6. Stamps ()'1). Team 
rebounds - 1. Blocked shots - 1 (Boldt). 
Turnovers - 20 (Stamps 6. Boldt 4. Welsh 
4 . KamInsky 2. Newnan 2 . Burk. Tliby). 
Steals - 7 (Stamps 3. Welsh 3. Burk). 
Technical fouls - none. 
UCSD 33 
Menlo 2e 

50 - 83 40 - " 
WOMEN'S BASKETBALL 

UCSD 51, Pomona-PItzer 47 
UCSD 

Min FG-A FT·A RAP T 
Ai' .. arez 35 3-9 2·3 4 7 1 8 
Vllncn 10 1-4 ().1 1 1 1 2 
Dpnbrck 30 2-8 M 6 01 4 
Munllo 5 1·3 M 1 01 2 
Jonnum 40 ()'5 1·3 7 2 1 1 
Cartwright 20 1·5 M 1 1 2 2 
Young 40 6-14 2·3 6 2 2 14 
Beaver 25 9-13 M 4 04 18 
Tolals 200 23-61 4-10 30 1311 51 

Shooting: FIeld goals. 37.1": free throws. 

effon helped to counterbalance 
ub-paroffen iveperformance by 
taning guards Darvin Jack on and 

Tom Shawcroft, who combined 
for only two point on one for 12 
(8.3 percent) hooting. 

"Thanks to Chris, we didn ' t 
need the points we normally get 
from Darvin and Tom," Mar hall 
noted. " But, Darvin and Tom till 
played key role foru defensively 
and offen ively, even though they 
had an off night hooting the ball. to 

UCSD had an easier time the 
previous night with UCSC, as the 
Tritons squished the BananaSlugs, 
91 -62. 

According to Marshall, UCSC 
kept the game fairly close until the 
early moments of the second half, 
when the Tritons pulled away and 
cruised to their eventual 29-point 
margin of victory. 

"They [UCSC] are much im-
pro~ed over what they used to be, 
but they still don't have enough 
weapons to keep up with us," 
Marshall aid. 

The Tritons' offen ive attack 
was very balanced again t the 
Slugs. a five player scored in 

40%. Three-polnt goals - ().Q. T oam 
rebounds -5. Blocked shots - 1 
(Jonnum). Tumo\lelS - 11 (Alvarez 3. 
JoMum 3. Vaillancourt 2. Yourc 2. 
Beaver). Steals - 11 (Alvarez 6 . 
Dlepenl)rock 2. Young 2, cartwrigllt). 
TechniCal fouls - none. 

~ 
Min FG-A FT·A RAP T 

Nail ........... nla 1·2 1·2 3 3 2 3 
Timmins .... n/a ()'2 ().Q 1 0 1 0 
Allen ......... n/a 3-3 ()'2 0 00 8 
Read ......... n/ a 1-4 ().Q 3 2 1 2 
Anderson ... n/a 1-2 M 1 0 0 2 
Ann .......... nla 2-6 M 4 1 5 4 
Johnson .... n/a 5-15 1·1 4 2 2 11 
Pederson ... n/a 1-8 2·2 5 1 0 4 
Cranston .. . nla 6-13 1·2 100 4 13 
Totals ....... 200 2().S75-9 3191547 

Shooting: FIeld goals. 35.1"; free 
throws. 55.6% Three-point goals - 2·3 
(Allen 2·2. Johnson ()'1). Team rebounds 
- 8. Blocked shots -4 (Pederson 2. 
nmmlns. Cranston). Turnovers - 21 
(Finn 6. Johnson 4, Nail 3. Anderson 2, 
Pederson 2. TImmins. Allen. Read. 
Cranston). Steals - 12 (Ann 4 . Read 3. 
Pederson 2. Cranston 2. Nail). Technical 
fouls - none. 
UCSD 26 
Pomona 23 

25 - &1 
24 - 41 

double figure for UCSD. Tim 
Rappled the team with 18 points. 
followed by Rick Batt , 
Shawcroft, Jackson, a nd Gor-
don McNe ill who totaled 16, 15, 
12, and 10 points, re pectively. 

Marshall was enthusiastic 
about hi s team's weekend ef-
fons, especially in the Menlo 
game, and thinks his Triton are 
staning to gel a a team JUSt at 
the right time. 

''The way we played L against 
Menlo) was a real team effort 
like the ones we were gening at 
the end oflast season [when the 
Tritons reached the NCAA 
tournament)," Marshall said. 
"We're going to overpower 
people (upcoming opponents) if 
we play in sync as a team and not 
just as a bunch of individuals." 

Marshall was also certain that 
the Tritons ' recent win streak-
most notably their"quality" win 
at Menlo - will catapult them 
back into the top ten nationally. 

"When the rankings come out 
[early thi week), I g uarantee 
you that we'll be there (in the top 
ten):' Marshall aid. 

MARSHALL 
ContInued from page 24 
of making the team. 

Although UCSD is disadvantaged 
in that it cannot offer athletic schol-
arships, Marshall uses the prestige 
of the program he has created, the 
quality of UCSD academics, and the 
school's location to entice players. 

Theone thing thatMarshalJ boasts 
about his program is that all of his 
players are top students. 

"I spent orne time figuring and 
came up with the statistic that play-
ers on my teams put in about 1,000 
extra hours above and beyond their 
academic ," Marshall said. 

"Despite that, my team had the 
highest team GPA of any team on 
campus (2.78)." 

Marshall got his start in the Tri-
ton program as an assistant to former 
coach John Block. When Block left 
UCSD in 1983, Marshall assumed 
the helm. 

But basketball has been a part of 
Mar hall's life for a long time. 

Marshall staned his basketball 
career in high school, but was taIled 
when he went to erve in the military 
and Vietnam for two year . 

He returned to play for Mesa Jun-
ior College in San Diego, and then 
stopped playing at SDSU in orderto 
concentrate on earning his English 
Literature degree and recent mar-
riage. 

While a senior at S DSU, Marshall 
got his coaching stan as N coach for 
Clairemont High School , and later 
went on to coach at El Cajon High 
School. 

Tuesday, January 22,1991 

Br'-n Morris/Guardian 
Head Coach Tom Marshall 

Before joining the UCSD staff 
as a defensive and recruiting coor-
dinator, he travelled with several 
select teams to coach in such places 
as China, Scandinavia, and Aus-
tralia. 

Now that he is head coach of 
UCSD's men's basketball , 
Marshall works hard to maintain a 
winning tradition. 

He noted that there are shon-
comings in playing Division m, 
but does not, however, look down 
upon playing at this level. 

Marshall will be happy coach-
ing as long as he has a chance to be 
playing competitively for a shot at 
a national championship. 

He simply notes that "a con-
crete deci s ion must be made" 
concerning UCSD's athletic fu-
ture. 

As for Coach Tom Marshall, he 
looks for the program to always be 
highly-regarded nationally, and 
hopes to always be in a position to 
coach for a national title shot. 

IN THE BLEACHERS 
by Steve Moore 

'WELL, 
THIS IS 

~fU~ ... 

Naismith Invents "Basket ," the unsuccessful 
forerunner to the game of basketball. 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS BEING-FIT (Frw consullallon and Inlttal "'_11 1$ min. S20 value. ,.·Irsl-ltme cI/ella onlyJ' 
NO INITIATION FEE 

At only $20 a month with no 
contract, you can't get a better 
bargain, So bring your student 
I.D. to Being Fit. 

-AEROBICS -NAUTILUS 
-FREE WEIGHTS -LIFECYCLES 
-STAIRMASTERS -REEBOK STEPS 

e PERSONAL INSTRUCTION 
e 4 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
Clciremont Square Shopping Cent.r 

(Near Lee Wards, behind Pat·s Sport) 
483-9294 

also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

Eyerows 

U!II*Up 
CIin 
lJndIrlma 

Brus1 
s.on.dI 

BIIini I.iw 
FingerI 
Lega 
T_ 

112 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Pcrlll311cnt H3 1r Remova l 

• American Mc!<iiad A5.s0ci2tlon 
approved methods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female staIf', Slate lie. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolvsis 
IAJoIM .",.. ProJ-sno-l CMIJm" B.l'n4 ElIpbanl Bar 
8950 Villa Lalolla Dr. 51e. 2121 

Tuesday, January 22, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

FLATUNERS 
AS FILM SERIES 
Thursday, January 24· 
6:30,9:00, and II :30 pm 
Price Center Theater ·$1 .00 only!! I 

.. ,.----_ .. 

AS MEETING 
Every Wednesday at 6:30 pm 
Price Center·First Roor Cove 
AU StlUknts An I"vited to Anend 

FLATLINERS 
AS FILM SERIES 
Thursday, January 24·6:30, 9:00, and II ;30 pm 
Price Center Theater 
$1.00 only!!! 

PUB SHOW 
2 MUCH TROUBLE 
Fish Wife, Plum Daisy. Fudge House Trunk Baby, Gin Soaked Boy, & Stickman 
Saturday,1anuary 26 at 8:00 pm 
UCSD Triton Pub 
UCSD Students $2:00/ General Admissions S3.00 

ALL-CAMPUS LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE 
SatuiiiaY·1anuary 26, 1991·9:3() am-4:30 pm 
UCSD Price Center 
Space is Limited--So Register Today at Your College Dean's Office 
or at the University Events and Student Events Office(3rd Floor, Price Center) 

UNIVERSITY CENTER BOARD 
HEA VY METAL (The Film) 
Friday, January 25·7:00 and 9:30 pm 
Price Center Theater 
Tickets are available at Box Office for only SI.OO 

BIG DIVERSITY PROJECT 
CLEAN UP OF TIlE CLIFFS 
Saturday, January 26, 1991·11:00 am 
Meet at entrance to Cliffs 

FIFTH COLLEGE 
Fifth College Students needed for AS Elections Committee 
Deadline to apply: January 25 

I 

Fifth College Juniors: position available as representalive to Senior Gift Committee 
Deadline to apply: January 29 

Pick up applicalions at the Fifth College Dean's Office 

MUIR COLLEGE 
Muir Leadership Positions Open: 
AS Elections Committee 
Alcohol and Substance Abuse Committee 
Campus-Community Planning Committee (CCPC) 
UCSD-Tijuana Cultural Connection 

Pick up applications in the Muir Dean's OffICe no larer than Wednesday, January 23 
by 4 prn 

REVELLE COLLEGE 
Revelle College Appointments 
Pick up Applications in Revelle Provost Office for: 
AS Elections Comminee 
Revelle Elections Commi sioner 
Other Campus-Wide Committees 

Revelle College Town Meeting 
January 2S.7:00pm 
In Why Not Here? 
Find Out About Important Cumpu Issues 

RISC-RADICALLY INCLINED SKI CLUB 
Enjoy the sun and now in Jackson Hole for Spring Break, March 23-March 
30! RISC and friends will spend 5 days skiing fabulous powder, and we 
want you there! 
Call 534-4482 or come by RISC office for more infor! 
Tix on sale at the box office! 

We need RISC staffers for next year! If you've got whal it take" pick up an 
application in the RISC Office Tuesday-Friday. I 0 am-2 pm 
or call 534-4482! 

THIRD COLLEGE 
Two representatives from THird COllege are needed to oversee the 
upcoming elections. 
For more information see the Dean's Office by January 25 

UCSD RECYCLE CO-OP/ENVIRONMENT AL HEALTH COA-
LITION 

HOUSEHOLD HAZARDOUS WASTE COLLECTION 
Saturday, January 26·10 am-3 pm 
UCSD Parking Lot #355 
(Salk Institute Road) 
For more information call 534-1831 or 235-028) 

WARREN COLLEGE 
SKI TRIP TO BIG BEAR FEBRUARY 8-10 
All Warren students are invited until January 22. Open to all students after 
this date. 
S 50.00 - Food and Lodging 
$ 15.00 - Transportation (optional) 
$ 10.00 - Deposit (Refundable) 

~ - Lift tickets for Saturday and Sunday (optional) 
$137.50 

We will have an infonnation night January 30 at 7:00 pm.Warren Commons 

VIETNAMESE STUDENTS ASSOCIATION 
Ianuary 25 - Amateur Night 
Oceanview Lounge 
6:00pm 

January 23 - General Meeting 
4:00-6:00 pm 
Revelle Formal Lounge 

The official VSA T-Shirts/Sweatshins are in! 
Order yours today!! 

1991 A.S. MARKETING en extenaIon 01 the Public: ANtton. OffIce. 
CoIQd ; a.o.ve Malrer. A.S. CommIseioner of PuOfic Relallons , Matketing for more Inlormation al 53<4·40450. 

MEETING DATES 
Meetings are held every Tuesday night at 6:00 p .m, in the Public Relations/ 
Programming Office. 

MANY POSITIONS ARE SnLL AVAILABLE, CAll 534-4450 FOR MORE 
'NFORMATION. 

S NEWSFLASHES is produced by the Assoc:\ated Students of UCSD, 
o IuIve .. Mlvertisemeat placed In AS NEWSFLASHES, there is a drop 
l( to tile left 01 the Public R ...... oftke, 3rd 1Ioor. Advertlsemenl is 
bJect to nallabillty 01 spate. Dudllae Is eYery Wednesday al noon for 

rotlowlnc Monday paper, 
All IIdverdiemenll subject to approval by PR Com.llift. For .ore 
...... conIactGtoraeMaurer,ASCommislionerolPubiIcReIadoes, 

t534-<M50. 

23 



\ ' 

" 

24 SPORTS 

MORE OR LES LES BRUvCLD 

Minor-League 
Basketball's 
Time Has Come 
A few day ago while I wa watching a college ba ket-ball game on E PN, col r 
commentator and blabbermouth 
extraordinaire Dick Vitale wa ef-
fu ively de cribing th incredible 
talents of Loui iana tate' 7'2" 
ophomore cent er haquille 

O'Neal. The announ er wa ada-
mant about the idea that O'Neal 
would be the first or ec nd pick in 
the NBA draft if he h se to 
forgo the final two year of hi 
college eligi bil ity. 

J had to change the channel be-
cau e I was mad as hell and ju t 
couldn ' t take it anym reo 

How many time do I have to 
hear about college .. tudent-ath-
lete" ba ketball player choo ing 
to skip the la t one or two years of 
college in order to go for the big 
bucks the NBA might ffer them? 

How many time do I have to 
read new paper torie de cribing 
athlete who could care Ie ~ ab ut 
the completi n of their education 
- thankfully,thi doe 'n't apply to 
0' eal, who has vowed to get his 
degree before going pro - and are 
just using college a a trai ning-
ground for their B areer? 

For year , the BA has allowed 
undercla men to "come out" early 
and enter the NBA draft. I have 
long oppo ed thi practice becau e 
it encourage athlete to leave 
school early if they think they' ll 
get picked high in the June draft. 

TheNBA 's "coming out"policy 
i the prime example of its general 
"we could care Ie " att i tude about 
whether or not it athlete are 
educated or illiterate - ju t as 
long a they can bring in big buck 
in the way of ticket ales and TV 
contracts. 

Let ' face it, the NBA (and the NFL for that matter) has been 
using Division I athletics as a nice, 
free-of-charge, minor-league sys-
tem for years now. Letting sopho-
mores blow off the re t of their 
college education in order to be 
drafted is ju t a symptom of the 
di ea e that' infecting the whole 
y tem. 

Hell, if the guy i ready to "go 
pro," why top him from choosing 
that route? If he ha all the tools to 
be an excellent NBA player right 
now, why keep him from entering 
the draft? 

Well maybe, God forbid, the guy 
might want to complete his degree. 
The last time 1 checked, the reason 
people go to college i to get an 
education that will come in handy 
for the re t of their live . 

But, unfortunately, for a lot of 
See MORE OR LES, Page 18 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, January 22, 1991 

Matadors 
Spike 
Tritons 
• UCSD loses to 
CSUN in four games 
By Joel Kurzman 
Guardiian Reporter ' 

A bigger, stronger, and heavily 
favored Cal State Northridge men's 
volleyball team probably expected 
a pleasure trip to La Jolla on Sat-
urday night, but instead found an 
enthu iastic UCSD squad that re-
fused to give up. 

BrIM MorrIs/Guardian 
The Tritons couldn't block Division" CSU Northridge from winning in four games on Saturday. 

Despite losing 10-15, 16-14, 11-
15, 8-15, the Tritons played an 
exciting match against the admit-
tedly overpowering fourth-ranked 
Division n Matadors. 

Men's Volleyball Fighting Giants UCSD Head Coach Oscar "Digger" Graybill did not enter the 
contest thinking about losing. With 
the traditional men's volleyball 
convention "win at the net, not by 
digging" in mind, Graybill urged 
his team to stay off the net as much 
as possible and to be consistent in 
serving and passing. 

• Preview: Coach Graybill faced with 
rebuilding year, difficult schedule in 1991 
By Aaron Friedland that even the mo t imposing odd 
Guardian Reporter can be overcome. 

Everyone kno~eold toryof The UCSD men' volleyball 
David and Goliath. The little guy t m face a imilar sort of situa-
David, anned only with a lingshot, tion thi season. The Tritons are a 
valiantly fought against the big Divi ion ill volleyball team but, 
powerhou e named Goliath. David in order to make the playoffs, 
staged an amazing victory , proving UCSD will have to beat orne of 

M.Hoop 
Successful 
In NorCal 
• Menlo, UC Santa Cruz 
added to Triton hit-list 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

Northern California was a very kind 
host to the UCSD men's basketball team 
this weekend as the Tritons won a pair of 
road games, defeating UC Santa Cruz 91-
62 Friday night and downing Menlo 83-66 
Saturday evening. 

UCSD has now won six straight games 
while raising it overall record to an im-
pressive 15-3 marJe. 

Accprding to UCSD HeIcleo.cb -,._, __ _ •• 

the top ranked Divi ion 1 school 
in the nation. Get the slingshot 
ready. 

Men ' volleyball Head Coach 
o car "Digger" Graybill has 
coached the Tritons for the last 
seven years . He contends that 
UCSD fields the best Division ill 
volleyball team in the nation and 
believes that his team will be able 

See PREVIEW, Page 19 

The Tritons came out bla<;ting, 
holding their own in spiking and 
blocking for the first two games 
before eventually falling short. 

See M. VOLLEY, Page 17 

Tritons Coop 
Up Feisty 
Sagehens 
• Defense the key to win 
over Pomona-Pitzer 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Editor 

It looked like it might be a tough weekend 
for the UCSD womeD's basketball team. 

The Tritons visited the "traditionally 
tough" Pomona-Pitzer Sagehens with a team 
that Head Coach Judy Malone called a "skel-
eton crew." 

Sophomore forward Cari Young suffered 
from a dislocated thumb she received in last 
Thursday's practice. 

Sophomore forward Serena Murillo pulled 
a muscle in her leg, and sophomore guard 
Michelle DiGuilio had the flu. Marshall, Saturday's contest was pr0b-

ably the Tritons' strongest team e«ort 10 
See,lI. HooP, Page 22 

Chtfs AfDOrecams oIf.tJ~'biI!JIJi2IJ~ 
points and grIIb 12 tJoaI,Efs CI" 

Yet, despite beiDg daunted by both injury 
and illness UCSD defeated Pomona-Pitzer 

See W. HOOP, Page 19 

The Head Marshall of UCSD Men's Hoop 
• Tom Marshall leads troops for eighth season this year. Everyone from last Last year's team recorded the 
By Robb Eames~ NCAA Division ill tournament year's squad is back. We're strong best record in Triton history, 
Staff Writer berth last year. inside, fiom the perimeter, and finishing the season 20-7 and with 

It only took UCSD men 's bas- lnjust his eighth year of coach- off the bench," Marshall re- an invitation to the NCAA tour-
ketball Head Coach Tom Marshall ing for the Tritons, Marshall has marked. oament. Marshall thinks this 
one losing easonasaheadcoach compiledoverllOwins,compared 1llemen'sbasketballprogram year's team has the potential to 
to figure out omething must to 86 losses and is the first Triton has steadily progressed under go all the way to the Final Four. 
change. coach to reach the l00-victory Marshall's guidance. After an 11- Marshall makes strong use of 

In the next seven years under plateau. Prior to this season, his 17 season in his fiBt year, Marshall recruiting services in order to get 
Marshall' direction, the Tritons' record against NCAA Division ill turned the team around His 1986- the best players possible for 
record slowly improved, starting teams was 69-33 (.676), and has 87 team had an impressive 18-8 UCSD. Only players in the top 
with a break-even 13-13 mark in yet to lose to a Division m team mark, the best record of a men's third of available high school 
the 1984-85 sea on and eventu- this year. basketball team at UCSD in 19 standouts usually stand a chance 
ally leading to UCSD' first-ever "We have a really solid team years. See MARSHALL, Page 22 


