
Tucker Postpones Friday's Price Center TG 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

A.S. President John Edson an-
nounced at last night's A.S. Council 
meeting that the experimental Price 
Center TG with beer originally 
planned for this Friday will not be 
held as scheduled. 

Edson said that Assistant Vice 
ChancellorofStudent Programs and 
Facilities Tom Tucker cancelled the 
TG at a meeting held yesterday to 
finalize plans for the event. 

Schnurer failed to appear. 
Although two A.S. represenla-

tives were at the meeting, Ed on 
said that by the time he got there, 
Tucker was "irate," and had already 
called off the TG. 

Edson criticized Tucker's rea-
oning for delaying the event, call-

ing the move a "personal tirade." 
" [Tucker] acted on his emotions 

and not on professionali m," Edson 

According to Edson, a represen-
tative from the A.S. programming 
comminee was expected to attend 

the meeting. Tucker allegedly can-
celled the TG after A.S. Program-
ming Commis ioner Matthew 

aid. "He let a personal disagree-
mentwith [Schnurer] get in the way. 
Tucker has lost all sen e of profes-
sionalism to take this out person-
ally." 

Friday' TG was to be the first 
held at the Price Center after the 
California Department of Alcoholic 
Beverage Control ruled in January 
that the A.S. could not serve beer at 
events unless the events were open 
only to UCSD-affiliated individuals. 
Since barriers could not be easily 
erected around the traditional TG 
location at the hump. the event's 
location had to be moved. Later, 
security objections rai ed by UCSD 
Police Chief John Ander on again 
delayed the first Price Center TG. 

The TG will be tenatively re-
scheduled for April 26. 

Brien Morris/Guardian 
And the winner Is •.• - As A.S. elections draw to a close, presi-
dential candidate Paul Varin finishes his last-minute campaigning 
with rival candidate Agustin Orozco's poster in the foreground. 

A.S. VP Extemal McKay Resigns 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

A.S. Vice President Molly McKay 
informed the A.S. of her resignation last 
night, just three weeks before the offi-
cial end of her term in office. McKay 
showed emotion as she read her letter of 
resignation to the council before leav ing 
last night's A.S. meeting. 

"I don't want to collect another pay-
check from the students when I just 
don't want to do [the job] anymore," 
explained McKay, who has been in-
volved in student government for three 
years. 

She said that although she believes 
the AS. has had a good year, she was not 
satisfied. By resigning, McKay said she 
feels she is "reminding people that there 
are a lot of things we set out to do, that 
we as a council didn't take one step on." 

McKay expressed frustration with 
the A.S.'s lack of power. 

"Our voice is so often ignored," she 
charged. "11le way A.S. is set up now ... 
we're still directly under the thumb of 
the administration. In our own univer-
sity it used to be different. [Students] 
don't know that they used to have a lot 
more bargaining power." 

She also feels that the students at 
large do not show any effort or concern 
about the issues surrounding them. 

"1bere has been no collective effort 
outside the A.S.," she asserted. ''There 
needs to be a stronger push for real 
student empowennent. I feel that stu-
dents expect us to do their dirty work." 

Addressing the counciL McKay said, 
"We didn't stand up as a council and 
fight the BS we receive. [This position] 
should have taught me about student 
power, and instead taught me about the 
lack of it." 

Randon Woodard, director of stu-
See MCKAY, Page 3 

A.S. Funding of Triton Pub 
Seems Likely, Edson Says 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

A.S. President John Ed on aid yesterday that he felt "optimi -
tic" that a $75,000 allocation to go toward renovating the Triton 
Pub would be approved by an open-roll voteof A.S. councilm mbers. 

Last night's A.S. meeting ended with the open-roll vote. Under 
the terms of the vote, councilmember have until 4 p.m. Friday to 
ca t their votes. 

In order to pass, the allocation needs 19 affirmative votes from 
the council. By the end of the meeting, 16 members had voted to 
approve the allocation. 

"We've got the indication that it's going to pas ," Edson said. 
"It'll still be close, but we have the votes to pass it." I Ie noted that 
three of the councilrnembers that have not yet voted indicated that 
they would vote- in favor of the allocation. 

With the A.S. contribution, the Triton Pub renovation would 
include a roll-up wall which would access additional outdoor 
seating. This seating could be used to increase concert capacity 
from 293 to 646, according to University Center Board (VCB) 
Chair Nick Long. 

11le UCB is spending $210,000 on the renovation project, and 
the Graduate Student Association has pledged $20,000 for the 
creation of a bar area 

Debate over the allocation, which would come from the A.S. 
See PUB, Page 7 

Cal Copy Claims Kinko's 
Ruling Does Not Apply 
• Kinko's representative says all 
companies must follow court ruling 
By Alyssa Enlow 
Staff Writer 

A lawsuit that has prevented the Kinko's corporation from 
printing Spring Quarter course readers has driven many professors 
to use other copy centers, though Kinko' s officials allege that their 
competitors are breaking copyright laws. 

A manager at Cal Copy, one La J oUa company that has taken on 
some course readers originally scheduled to be handled by Kinko' s, 
said that his company will not change its policies on seeking 
copyright permission despite the recent ruling. 

Cal Copy General Manager Reza Mansoor said that, under the 
protection of the "Fair Use" clause of the 1976 Copyright Act, Cal 
Copy will not need to change its policies. 

Mansoor said that Cal Copy currently reque ts copyright per-
mission for any work that is copied in its entirety, and explained that 
course packets, since they are generally partial reproductions, are 
exempt from copyright restrictions under the Fair U e clause. 

Cal Copy, like Kinko's, prints the Fair Use clause of the 
copyright law on the inside cover of all course readers. 

Mansoor also referred to the section of the clause which tates 
that books can be copied without permis ion only for non-profit 
purposes. 

He contended that since "our prices are much lower [than 
Kinko's] and we only charge for the price of the copies - about 
four cents percopy- whileKinko's charges sixorsir.and one-half 
cents," Cal Copy is not violating that part of the clause. 

In addition, Mansoor said that Cal Copy is too small a chain for 
See COPY, Page 3 



2 

NEWS IN BRIEF 
New Science Communications 
Director Appointed for UCSD 

Warren Froelich, a science writer and editor, has been 
named director of science communications for the U ni-
versity Communications Office. 

Froelich previously was managing editor of SUfHr-
compwing Review magazine, a monthly trade publication 
based in San Diego. He was also medical writer for the 
HartfordCouranr, science writerfortheSan Diego Union; 
and science, medical and environment writer for the 
Philadelphia Bulletin. 

His new position includes responsibilities for national 
and local media relatioos fortheOivisionsofEngineering 
and Natural Sciences, plus the San Diego Supercomputer 
and Science Resource centers headquanerm at UCSD. 
United Cerebral Palsy Association 
And Sorority to Hold SwIm Meet 

The United Cerebral Palsy Association (UCP) will 
hold its Physically Challenged Swim Meet from 8 a.m. to 
I p.m. on April 14 at the UCSD Natatorium. 

For the past six years, Kappa Kappa Gamma Sorority 
has worked with UCP in producing this annual event. The 
VCP Swim Meet provides a challenging opponunity for 
the physically handicapped to participate in a fun but 
competitive environment. 

Panicipants in the meet will come from all over the 
United States. Unlike the Special Olympics, the event is 
geared toward those who are physically disabled. 

The event is open LO the public. Everyone is encour-
aged to participate in support of the swimmers. 

First Intercultural Communication 
Workshop to be Held April 11-13 

The Office of the Associate ChanceUor and the UC 
MulLicampus Steering Committee on Intercultural Com-
munication will sponsor the first workshop titled 
"InterculturaJ CorrununicarionandMu1~ Discourse" 
from April II through April'l 3 at the Price Center. 

The core of the workshop, which will take place on 

The U D Guardian 

pril12 in the Pric~ C nterCove, goe from!) a.m. to 6 p.m. 
During the day, four session, WJ II be beldon topics uch a.\ 

"Cultural Id otit)' and tile Subject in Tran.\Jtion ~ and"P wer 
and Mul!iethni Di ourse." 

P.utlcipants include fJculTy fr m the University of Sussex , 
the University of AmstenLlm, William and Mary College, 

olumhia University, and the Umversity ofMa sachusetts. ' 
BelUlettalules-Rosene of the UCSD Sociology Depart-

ment will preside over the morning session, followed by an 
afternoon session presided over by Dean MacCannell of the 
UC Davis Sociology Department and an evening session 
headed by Sheila Wallcer of the William and Mary College 
Anthropology Department. 

For more information, coruact Susan Bowen 81453-6950. 
Department of Sociology Seminar 
On Chinatown to be Held on AprIl 15 

The Department of Sociology praents Jan Lin, of the 
School of Social Research, lecturing 00 "The Local-Global 
Interface: Polarized Development in CbioaIown. New Yen 
City," on April 15 at 3 p.m. in the Humanities and Social 
Sciences Building, room 7fJT7. 

Disabled Student Services, Union to 
Hold DlsablllltyAwareness Week 

The 1991 Disability Awareness Week, an annual event 
coordinated by the Disabled Student Services and Disabled 
Student Union at UCSD, is planned fur April131brougb 17. 

The week offers activities to increase the awareness of and 
sensitivity to the abilities and needs ofstudenl.switbdisabililies 
at UCSD. The week's events will begin with the Southern 
Califomia All-Star Wheelchair Basketball Game. 

A majority of the week's activities will take place in the 
Price Center, and will include an exhibit of art by disabled 
artists, an exhibition and speech on guide dogs given by Eric 
ROChhaarandhisguide dog MoUy, and a showing of the movie 
"Awakenings." 

For more information, call Robbie Bimblett at 534-4382. 

Career Services Center to Hold a 
Summer Job Fair on April 18 

In an effort to help students find agreeable jobs for the 
summer, the UCSD Career Services Center will hold a Smn-
mer Job Fair 00 Thursday, April 18th. Employers will be 
available to talk with students from 10:30 a.m. - 1:30 p.m. at 
the CareerSelvicesQmerPlaza.. Anmdeesareurpdtobring 
a resume to the Job Fair. Students may preview the available 
positions at the Pan-TIme Employmeol 0fIice befon: the 
18th. 

FRIDAY 

La ..... 
7'1·74·75 

". 

Sunny with light winds. 

SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 
Plenty of sunshine with a 
general warming trend. 

PerIod 
(Seconds) 
12 

Swell 
DirectIon 

NW 

Thursday, April 11 1991 

GUAKnlAN 

Wednesday, April 11, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Heavy Rainfall Damages Price Center Fountain 
• Soaked ground behind fountain shifted, causing crack 
By Melinda H8mllton 
Associate NtIWS Editor 

The Price Center fountain is still 
dry. And it's not because of the 
drought. 

Late last month, a crack in the 
fountain running from the concrete 
base of the staircase, up the side, and 
across the fiberglass bottom of the 
fountain levels was discovered by 
University Center Director lim 
Carruthers and Assistant Mairne-
nance Supervisor for the Price Cen-
ter Henry Maninez. 

A corresponding crack has also 
appeared in the wall of the concrete 
wheelchair ramp directly opposite 
the fountain. 

According to Carruthers, the 
crack was caused by the settling of 
the ground in the grassy area direct-
ly behind the fountain . 

Patrick Sullivan, owner of SuI-
con Construction, the contractor that 
built the fountain, agreed with Car-
ruthers. 

"It settled and shifted at the cold 
joint," Sullivan said. "That's a de-
sign problem." 

He added that the crack will be 
repaired by injecting an epoxy with 
a rubber base into the crack, then 
covering it with a fiberglass patch. 

"[The process will] take proba-
bly less than a week," Sullivan said. 

SulJivan, whose company is cur-
rently worlting on the Clinical Sci-
ences Building, could not estimate 
when the job would be completed. 
He said that it would depend on 
when he finished repairing a leak at 
Espresso Roma in the Price Center 

Once his other projects are fin-
ished, Sullivan said, he would sub-
mitabid for the fountain repairs. He 
estimated thaI the work would cost 
$1,100. 

Since the warranty on the foun-
tain has already expired, Carruthers 
said that the UCB will pay for the 
repair initially, but will 11)' 10 recov-
er the costs by raising the question 
of the ground shift. 

"We'U tty to getthecontractOrlO 
pay for it. bUI initially we'U have to 
pay. We have reserves for this kind 
of thing," Carruthers said. 

He said it was possible that the 
earth behind lhe fountain had not 
been compacted correctly when the 
fountain was built. 

In addition to the crack, adhe-
sives holding the tiles that cover the 
bottom pan of the fountain have 
become delaminated. This allowed 

water to seep down behind the tiles, 
which then came loose. 

1be tiles missing from the lower 
part of the fountain musl be repaired 
before the fountain will run again. 

Carruthers said that the new tiles 
have arrived, but Sulcon will not 
make those repairs. 

According to Carruthers, the tiles 
will be replaced by an independent 
contractor hired by the university. 
Even though the fountain's warranty 
has expired, Canuthers said that the 
university will not have to pay for 
the replacements. 

Since the tiles were placed using 
an adhesive that the original inde-
pendent contractor chose, it wiU be 
their professional responsibility to 
pay for the replacement of the tiles. 

University Center Board Chair 
Nick Long said that even when the 
fountain is repaired and the tiles 
replaced, the UCB will still have to 
decide whether to tum the fountain 
on again if the drought continues. 
Long expressed doubt that the foun-
tain, which uses reclaimed water, 
would be operating again before the 
end of the drought. 

"Even though it uses recycled 
water, you still lose waler to evapo-
ration and spray," Long said. 

11Ie fountain has been repaired 
twice before, according to Carruth-
ers. 

The design of the waterfall al the 
base of the fountain was changed to 
reduce the amount of water sprayed 
by the wind. In addition, the bonom 
of the fountain was waterproofed 
after its completion. 

SOME DOUBLE DEALS 
TAKE A LITTLE OFF THE TOP. 

DOMINO'S DOUBLE DEALS NEVER SKIMP 0 TOPPINGS. 

III 
IT'S TIME FOR DOMINO'S PIZZA~ 

Now deIIvertnt ..... wIIII.v.., CALL USI Hours: 
pizza pwch ••• Get......... 4S2-UCSD 11 am-l am Sun.-Thurs. 
...... ... tor..., $1.41 11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 

COpy 
NEWS 3 

not like it, but this is the new law 
of the land." 

continued from pege1 Despite Foss's opinion, 
publisbcrs 10 take the time to Mansoor maintained that Cal 
prosecute. He cited the fact that Copy will nol change its policies. 
"there are thousands of copying "We're getting as much per-
services .round universities mission as we can, When it's 
throughout the country ... pub- necessary to do it," he said. 
lishers can't really check on ev- "Unless somebody goes after us 
erybody, so there's no way they panicularly, nothing will hap-
can enforce this law." pen." 

He said, "Kinko's is such a Mansoor also said that 
big chain. it's worth it for pub- "Kinko's apparently is sending 
lishers to go after it." letters to copy cenlers around 

But Adrianna Foss, a repre- campuses ... [which state) that 
semative from the Kinko's cor- they should not [copy books 
poralion, disagreed with without permission]." 
Mansoor's thoughts on the Ie- He said thaI the letters "tell 
gality of producing course read- what happened [with the law-
ers made from copyrighted ma- suitl," but explained that he feels 
terial. it is not the place of tile Kinlto's 

"ThejudgeteUsusveryclearly corporation to tell other compa-
in her decision that every com- nies what to do. 
pany must.k for copyright per- Mansoor stressed the iropor-
mission before copying any taQCe of his company "as a ser-
work," she said. "It doesn't mat- vice to the srudents." 
terbow big or bow small,orhow "We'd like to stay that way," 
much profit you malee. We may . he said. 

MCKAY 
Continued from page 1 
dent government, said of McKay's 
resignation, " It saddens me. I re-
spectheropinion and I respect Molly 
as an indi vidual. I think I understand 
her opinion ... I feel that whether she 
thinks she's done a lot or not, she's 
respected as a leader." 

"I disagree that [the A.S. was] 
unproductive," A.S. President John 
Edson said. "We were probably the 
most productive that's ever been 
seen. She felt frustrated ... we don't 
have the same power as the admin-

istration, but we have the power of 
pursuasion. 

" I think that she's doing the best 
for herself and her students," he 
said. 

To fill McKay's office, Edson 
said he plans to appoint the person 
elected to next year's vice president 
external in this week 's elections. 

Ironically, McKay was originally 
appointed as VP ex ternal by former 
A.S. President John Ramirez upon 
her election victory last year, due to 
the resignation of then-VP External 
Mishka Migacz shortly before 
Migacz' s term would have expired. 

1991 CLEARANCE SALE 

~~~~[R1~[L 
[Q)~~~@~~[R1 
~(Q)~~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

50%·90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds· Members Only 
Line Up· Limited 

...... JOU ..,.., .... 3211 Holiday Ct. 
--------- ---------. $9~? $4~: 

Wed.-Sat. 11 am-6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5 pm 

I TWO MEDIUM I LUNCH SPECIAL: 
I TWO TOPPING PIZZAS: OnemedlwnORlClNALct-llizzlwithone I I Two MEDIUM DcmiNl's ORIGINAl ct- pima. IO!IPinI 01 your choice for ONLY'""" plus laX. 
I EACH with 2 ~ 01 your choict fer ONlYS"", I Aaaltiiinal toppinp only 51.00 MCh. GoOcI &om 11 I plus tax. Offer gOOd 01\ Delivery IJId Carryout I am-Jl'm onlY. Offer good on DelImy and Carryout I 
• JUST ASIC! Ix..-4'21191. JUST ASJ(J I l.Ia*-d _.... • 
• Nat_ ... ..,__ "-1 U" • ... ..... ..,-- ft_U U.. • • 
• 

011 ___ ..... 00. - I OW ____ IIO.CIO. --
=-..... ..-Ior .... J.UCID I = .... .,...."' .... ~UCSD • 

~£I APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
.... 8250 Camino Slnta Fe 

. ~=t' . Miramar, california 
(619}450·3323 



OPINION 
. 

4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 11, 1991 

COMMENTARY 

WHEN HATRED 
OBSCURES JUSTICE 
• Israel's vgiante r~nse to 1M recent rash of kn~e attacks against 
[5 ctizens by Paestileans sets a dsturb~ exampe for the world 
By Greg Knauss 
Staff Writer 

The situation in the Middle East ap-
pears to be cooling down. Iraq has ac-
cepted the U.N. tenns for surrender, the 
Kuwaitisarecon idering democracy, and 
the oil fires are slowly being put out. 

But the racial and ethnic hatred that 
have fueled strife in the region for over 
40 year are just a hot as they ever were, 
especially the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 

Now that the Iraqi war machine has 
been demolished, Israel is perhaps physi-
cally saferthan it has been in a decade -
but its rulers haven' t acknowledge this 
facLln tead, they act with an increasing, 
and increasingly dangerous, siege men-
tality. 

Recently, a Palestinian stabbed four 
Jews to death. The revul ion the world 
felt at this act was quick and pointed -
the attack was a brutal slaughter of inno-
cents, wi thout any pretense of justice or 
civilization. 

Moshe Ben David, the police officer 
who arrested the murderer, said that he 
would have liked to have killed the Arab 
on the spot, but there were too many 
people around. " I was afraid of hitting a 
bystander," he said. 

Such an obviously emotional response 
is a dangerous thing for a police officer to 
say. Cops, in any country. are supposed 
to enforce the law and not mete out pun-
ishments, no matter what the crime. The 
reason the 1..0 Angeles police officers 
involved in the Rodney King beating are 
on trial is because they overstepped their 
bounds by becoming judge and jury. 

But perhaps we can forgive the Israeli 
cop. At the scene of the killings. it i 

" COPS are intended to stop this 
sort of personal-vendetta 

justice, not enforce or promote 
it. Imagine the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States not 

only approving of the King 
beating, but encouraging 
civilians to do the same. 

" 
understandable that one should feel rage. 
Israel is a pressure cooker of ethnic hatreds, 
and one man's anger is perhaps understand-
able. Except that his boss agreed with him. 
"He should have killed the Arab," aid Po-
lice Minister Ronni Milo. "If in the past 
there were doubts and fears [about hooting 
to kill] , they have no place today." 

The fact that a high-ranking police offi-
cerencouraged his subordinates to disregard 
the law they are pledged to uphold, for any 
reason, is tremendously disturbing. It 's as if 
L.A. Chief of Police Darryl Gates had given 
official approval of the King beating after-
ward. 

But perhaps we can even forgive the 
Police Minister. He is dealing at the local 
level and knows that atrocities are committed 
daily. Hi temper could have flared at one 
more act of savagery, and he could have 
forgotten the essence of his job for a moment. 

Except that his bo s agreed with him. In 
fact, (sraeli Defense Mini ter Moshe Arens 
even went a step further, encouraging the 
public to become involved. 

"We have a public that is in part trained 
and armed," Aren said. " I would say that 
the probability is high that in any [palestin-
ian] attack, an armed [Israeli] will be on the 
scene, someone who knows how to deal 
with a murderer." 

It is appalbng that a high ranking official 
of a national government, any national 
government, would encourage citizens to 
act as vigilantes - it mocks the purpose for 
which police were created. Cops are in-
tended to stop this sort of personal-vendetta 
justice. not enforce or promote it. Imagine 
the Attorney General of the United States 
not only approving of the King beating, but 
encouraging civilians to do the same. 

That the government of Israel, the only 
democracy in the region, should have such a 
collap e of authority, that it should give in to 
ethnic hatreds and prejudices, is deeply dis-
turbing, even terrifying. 

Me' Mercelo/Guardian 
One of the cornerstones of demo-

cratic thought is a guarantee of equal 
protection under the law, for everybody, 
and when government officials encour-
age vigilantism against a specific group, 
any moral authority that existed is gone. 

All ofthis, of course. in no way lessens 
the horrific actofsavagery cornmittedby 
the Palestinian murderer. 

But for an entire government to re-
spond in lcind - for a democracy to 
respond to a lone, sick individual with 
institutionalized brutality - is equally 
savage. 

The way to respond to atrocities is 
with calm, to crimes with trials. to insan-
ity with reason, to injustice with justice. 

The escalating spiral of murder for 
murder, eye for eye, tooth for tooth will 
solve nothing and only leave the region 
deeper in a growing pool of blood. 

. COMMENTARY 

If You Tango With a Fiat, Let the Heavier Partner Lead 
• An American exchange student recounts her adventures in the wilds of Great Britain's National Health Service 
By Patricia Jettle 
Senior Staff Writer 

No trip to England is complete with-
out pending some quality time with the 
National Health Service. Socialized 
medicine makes more of an impression 
as a direct experience than as a second-
hand sympathy ploy. Don ' t bother male-
ing a reservation, as it won't speed up the 
wait. 

Any excuse to drop by will do. The 
plague is an interesting choice. Histori-
cal significance linked with unusual 
physical symptoms, what more could 
you ask? Or tango with a Fiat. Just re-
member to be polite and let the heavier 
partner lead. 

For the more athletically inclined, 
rugby may be a feasible alternative to the 
Freeway Flip. Wonderful sport, rugby is. 
Nothing like a little legalized violence to 
malee you fully appreciate life:s little 
nuances, such as walking and breathing. 
Imagine 30 men, usually one step above 

Neanderthal on the evolutionary scale, 
pummeling one another into minced beef 
while scrambling to get a lopsided pigskin 
past an imaginary line. Sound familiar? It 's 
football, minu the regulated safety gear and 
colorful flag . 

If a peek at the trauma center is preferred 
to the mundane emergency ward, substitute 
an abundance of estrogen for testosterone. 
Try to time it during a team hormonal peale, 
prior to the cramps, but after the mood 
swings have kicked in. Like most athletes, 
female rugby players have no qualms about 
planting a foot full of spikes into sensitive 
body areas. Be warned, they usually collect 
a percentage from the local ambulance com-
panies. 

Ah, ambulance drivers in England have 
that definite something their American 
counterparts lack. Call it insistency, call it 
speed, call it a lack of hand-eye coordina-
tion. They have a tendency of taking their 
job description, "chauffeuring the impaired," 
a bit too literally. A running commentary 

" Plopped into a cubicle, the true 
aura of the hospital's interior decor 
will become apparent. Dante must 

have been consulted. The cockroach 
scuttling across the floor instills 
true confidence concerning the 
institution's cleanliness policy. 

" 
about the sights is usually free of charge. 

These public servants probably double as 
cabbies during their off-hours. For a nomi-
nal charge, but a lengthier history about the 
passing countryside, you too can writhe in 
pain in the back seat of a Mercedes. Just be 
sure not to bleed on the upholstery. It costs 
extra. 

And it never fails that taxis always seem 
to talee the most scenic route between the 

rugby pitch and the emergency room. 
"Oh look. there's the international 

airpon." one fullback recently com-
mented, right ankle beginning to resemble 
a cantaloupe. 

"I thought Sussex Royal Hospital was 
in Brighton, not London." The cabbie, 
oblivious to sarcasm. continued to pon-
tificate the reasons why women should 

See MEDICINE, Page 5 

Thursday, April 11, 1990 The UCSD Guardian 

LETTER TO THE EDITOR 

McKay's Letter of ReSignation 
Editor: 

It is with much regret that [ am 
submitting my resignation from 
the position of vice president of 
external affairs. After three years 
of A.S. involvement [feel I can not 
put in another hour to -an activity 
that holds no meaning for me any 
more. 

For the most part, my experi-
ence has left me feeling 
disempowered and cynical, not 
only about the student population 
at large, but also about the indi-
viduals (myself included) who 
choose to take a stand and get 
involved. . 

The A.S. is not the only Univer-
sity organization where students 
are taught the hard realities of what 
the real rules of the game are -
any student who takes the risk of 
getting involved at any level will 
understand where I am coming 
from. 

There are so many positions 
and activities and issues that need 
attention, yet so few students who 
actually try and tackle them. There 
are 14,000 students at the univer-
sity. yet only a handful who do any 
extracurricular activities - espe-
cially of a political nature. The 
amount of overlap between the 
leadership of various student ac-
tivities is staggering. 

There is an incredible load of 
work that must be pursued, as many 
students are quick to point out. But 
the limited number of people who 
actually do volunteer to help tend 
to buckle and bum out fast. 

We wonder why it seems stu-
dent representatives so often are 
not risk takers. It is often the case 
that true student activists leave the 
positions vacant upon seeing the 
disregard the university has for 
student opinion. The only tangible 
reason left, it seems. is to create an 
impressive resume. I say this not to 
make students feel guilty, but rather 
to try to show why things are they 
way they are. 

It is so easy to criticize and 
judge, but it js much more difficult 
to try and do something about it. 
Granted, not all the actions taken 

MEDICINE 
Continued from pege 4 
never be involved in sports. 

Finally, the hospital entrance 
materializes at the end of a minor 
backstreet. The building's appear-
ance triggers an inward cringe. This 
bastion of medical technology is a 
gigantic monstrosity straight from 
the inner workings of Salvador 
Dali's mind "O.K.," you ration8J-
ize, "the interior can't be worse." 

Wrong. Wheeling past the slid-
ing doors, you notice a television 
set listing the order of patients to 
be seen. Below it, propped against 
a dilapidated chair, rests a chalk-
board with a reassuring message: 
"4 hour wait, you pathetic sheep." 
People are sitting in the queue, 
waiting calmly. And bleeding. 
There's a man in the comer using 
direct pressure and elevation on 
his arm, to no avail. 

The notion that NHS only em-
ploys two doctors, one for the 
morning shift and one for the 
evening, flits through your mind. 

So you wait. And wait. And 
wait some more. By this time, the 

" I don't mean to seem holier 
than thou, I just want to say 

that there is not enough 
people to care about what 

goes on to cause any great 
change ... 

" by students in leadership positions 
are going to make everyone happy, 
but at least they are attempting to 
do something. 

( remember last year this time 
some of us were campaigning like 
crazy. According to those who 
knew the issues, the competition 
was stiff and the issues were im-
portant. Candidates were out at all 
hours of the day handing out flyers 
and trying to talIc to students. People 
quickly grew tired of well-
intentioned candidates in their face 
all day. 

But how else could a demo(:-
racy worlc on this large and im-
personal campus? 

Often, people would jam their 
hands in their pockets and refuse to 
take a flyer, no matter how rude it 
was. It wasn't like we were selling 
insurance or anything - we were 
trying to get the students educated 
on the issues and their reaction was 
disheartening and frustrating. 

This year, the publicity for the 
offices has been next to nothing, 
and I've heard people complain 
about not knowing anything about 
the candidates. [ have to laugh at 
the irony of this. I watched as the 
handful of candidates spoke heat-
edly to the small crowd eating lunch 
at the Price Center. 

It should be noted that the entire 
executive branch, [A.S. President] 

ice pack, effective in numbing the 
injury three hours ago, seems to 
have lost some of its potency. 

It is times like these that ex-
change students have sudden at-
taclcs of homesiclcness. I'll admit 
it, I wanted my mommy. You want 
to go home to big, multi-million 
dollar institutions where money 
talIcs and medical insurance pays. 

The receptionists, in between 
their breaks, try to locate patients' 
files. Computers and the concept 
of organization haven't exactly in-
filtrated the British medical pro-
fession. 

Here's a general overview of 
the filing system: forms are filled 
out by hand, recording pertinent 
information about the patient. 
These papers are then strapped to 
the baclc of a turtle, who is subse-
quently drop-kicked in the general 
direction of Iraq. 

After a few eons, when the pa-
tient is' about to be seen, a carrier 
pigeon is sent out to fetch the turtle. 
Unfortunately, most of the recent 
files were decimated by SCUD 
missiles. [Do you really think 
Major sent troops into the Middle 

John [Edson), [vpFinance) Sergio 
[Langarica), [VP Admin.) Ruben 
[DuranJ, and myself will all be 
here next year, and not one of us 
wants to run for office again. It just 
isn't worth it, to tell you the truth. 
I feel we have accomplished a lot 
of good things this year, but we are 
students just like everyone else 
and have future plans and goals 
that need to be worked on as well. 
There just wasn't enough of us in 
A.S. who were willing to dedicate 
long term to enact the changes that 
were needed. 

I have come to realize that 
people are busy just trying to get 
by and deal with their own life. 
Many people have chosen to work 
on other activities they feel are 
important. School is a lot of work 
in itself. Who has time to do any-
thing else? 

Just because I thinlc something 
is incredibly important (hijacking 
our elections, raising our fees 40 
percent) does not mean the whole 
campus should drop what it is do-
ing and join the battle. It doesn' t 
matter what the issue is, realistically 
this win not happen (although I 
doubt 1 can ever stop trying). I 
cannot kid myself into thinking I 
was doing what other students 
wanted. I can never be sure what 
that was - there were so few 
people who had an opinion at all . 

I don't mean to seem holier 
than thou. I just want to say that 
there are not enough people to care 
about what goes on to cause any 
great change, and therefore we as 
students must accept the conse-
quences. 

I feel I've put in my time to this 
school and it is somebody else 's 
tum now. RIMAC. the TG night-
mare, the lack of student repre-
sentation - all of these issues are 
important and require work. There 
have been so many blatant student 
rights abuses and shady deals that 
have gone on right underournoses, 
but there has not been enough 
actitivity generated to confront it. 

I honestly don't know -did I 
fail or did we all? 

Molly McKay 

East to stop Hussein? Bah! The 
Royal Air Force was just trying to 
spot lost mes.] 

If the universe is cosmically in 
sync and your biorhythms are 
strong, the gates to salvation will 
open. Plopped into a cubicle, the 
true aura of the hospital's interior 
decor will become apparent. Dante 
must have been consulted. The 
coclcroach scuttling across the floor 
instills true confidence in the 
institution ' s cleanliness policy. 
Critic 's choice, however, has got 
to go to the blood stains on the 
wall, which go from rust to ma-
hogany while waiting for a nurse 
to fetch a new ice pack . . 

Keep yours ears perked for 
Wagner's "Ride of the Valkyries" 
upon the doctor's entrance. After a 
30 second once-over. this medical 
messiah pronounces her verdict. 
What are the pearls of wisdom that 
drop from her mouth? "Yeah, soa 
car hit you. You're oleay. Naw, 
let's not hother with X-rays. Just 
don't drinlc this weekend." 

CalI me a lush, but there is no 
way I am going to be sober after 
this one. 

OPINION 5 

___ AUTOPORT MAll MIRAMAR __ " 

I 
I 
I 

I 

7rJM'S Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi eASE Certified 
-------------------------DISCOUNT-

with this ad • Expires 4/25/91 
'Must prsent coupon and valid UCSD ID at time ot estlmo1e. 

Not volld with mojor engine or transmission repoll1. 

II If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them About Us: It They Hoven't Discovered Us Yet, Ask Us For References. _!.~~~~!D' ~!!~<;,~ To:.!!;,~:r=_ 
ATTENTION 
REVELLE GRADS: 

Be the Revelle Student Graduation Speaker. 
Applications available in the Revelle Provost's 
Office-due back by April 19th at 4 p,m, 

Please return the Graduation Questionnaire 
mailed out last quarter to the Provost's Office. 

Bring a friend •.. 
Buy one Ice cream 
treat and get the 
second <at equal 
or greater 
value) at 
1/8 pricel . 

.." V V V V 

4180 Begents Park Bow 
LaJolla • 887-3880 

, .... I j • ".I'I"J". Ua.rrloU c:: 
Anl.hooy ' . ~ 
La. Jolla. VWA4e Dr. 

Offer IIXJlIIw AprU 30. 1991 

I 



6 OPINION 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I . 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 
~~-- CaJllOf details' 2nd 30 Ian clays $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Nol a lerT1Xlfllry w_1oII ; ~ cellUite and stretch maills 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
325.1 Holiday Ct. 1204 
455-0909 E.qlI, .. 511 1/91 

SAVE ON CONVERnBLE BACK PACKS 
(BACK PACK TO SUITCASE) 

65 REG. $119.99 NOW 79.99 
A 63 REG. 129.99 NOW 89.99 

WA 68 REG. 139.99 NOW 99. 
INTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 

DUPONT COR DURA • LIFETIME WARRANTY 
'FAMOUS TRAILS- - "MEl" - 'EAGLE CREEK' 
'EASTPAK' All AT lOW DISCOUNT PRICES 

\~IL..~~riIIr::· ~i!~{~ji~~j~~~:~ ~:: ~;:: -.~ 
: po" holders. neck pillows. vohaoe : _~ 
: oonv."o,s. • :f ~ 
~ i.;,~ , ... ~'!':'~I!'f~.~ 9!' !l!f! !!'!<~ L .. :, . • "'"' 

1539 Gamet, Pacific Beach, Phone - 483-1421 
Mon-Frl10 a.m.-6 m. Sat & Sun 10 a.m.-S p.m. 

r--------------------, 
:7Ishoba 

CUISINE OF INDIA 
AWARD WINNING 

FREE 
DINNER 

ALL -YOU-CAN-EAT 
BUFFET LUNCH 

$6.95 When you purchase one of equal or 
greater value (up to S 10.95 value) 

Not valid Friday. Saturday &. 
hollday~. ExpI ..... /15/9 1 

Everyday wtth coupon 
through 4/2.5/91 
Regularly $8.95 

Open 7 days lunch &.. dinner 
8008 Girard Avenue. La Jolla· 454-6263 

L (2nd floor comer of lower Girard &.. Prospect St.) --------------------~ 
PSYCHOLOGY 1 
ISOFFERED 
SPRING QUART~R 
1991. Course code: 120616, AOO 

Time: TITH 2:30-3:50 
Location: WLH 2001 

Imstructor: A. Osman 
Go directly to the registrar to enroll in the c/ass-

no stamp or signature necessary! 

SPRING INTO ACTION 
Saturday, April 20, 8:30-5 p.m. 
Join students from UCSD, SDSU, USD and Point 
Lorna in a unique cooperative effort to build a greater 
community. Volunteer for a day-long project in these 
issues: 

• Environment 
• Youth/Education 
• Migrant workers 
• Health care/AiDS 
• Teen drug abuse 

Homelessness • 
Child Abuse· 

Senior Citizens. 
Disabled· 
Animals· 

Sign up at the VOLUNTEER CONNECTION: 534-1414. 
DEADUNE: Monday, April 15. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April ll, 1991 

COMMENTARY 

Facts and Fiction Blur into One 
• The world of television news has descended into a 
comical world of psuedo-important advertising pitches 
By Kent Korzon 
S.nior Staff Writer 

You 'v~ probably seen the ad, 
which runs kind of like this: Secu-
rity Pacific is a mighty tree, rail, 
strong, phallic, the best bank around. 
How l1WJy of you have read the 
business pages lately? Security Pa-
cific has recently cut dividends on 
its stock by 40 percent, and has 
roughly $350 million in bad loans 
outstanding. 

So what? 1l1ere's no guarantee 
of truth in advertising. Besides, Se. 
curity Pacific is "simply better," 
and knowing that is enough to make 
it my "bank for life." 

As annoying as it is, we really 
can ' t get too riled up aboutadvertis-
ing, though. Ads are fiction - we 
shouldn't expect too much. The 
television news, however, purports 
to report facts and infonnation. 
1bese shows should be held ac-
countable for their reporting, which 
is sadly in need of improvement. 

Whenever I'm in for a good 
chuckle. [ watch the local news. ]t's 
not really news. you know. In half 
an hour, they spew out five or six 
stories, after leading up to each one. 
In all , the program spends more 
time telling you that there 's a story 
"you want to see" coming up than 
on the SIOry it.self. And the reporters 
spend almost as much time harping 
their particular station as they do on 
the "news." 

Just about every "newscast" ad-
vertises some product or restaurant. 
Here's a recent sampler: "The Scar-
let Loco has good food for modest 
prices. It 's a new in-spot for the 
local busines crowd"; "Kentucky 
Fried Chicken has a new logo and 
name, KFC, because 'fried' i out. 
Now leIS look at a preview of their 
new commercial, where you won't 

hear the word 'fried' at· all. .. "; 
"There's a new golf product out. a 
remoto-controlledrobotic golfcaddy 
for only $1,300." 

Is this news? No. It's aoonscious 
attempt to influence you. 

By calling these stories "news," 
there is a bluning of the definition of 
what. exactly, news is. With more 
Americans getting their''news" from 
television than anywhere else, a fact 
brought up frequently by both those 
for and against television, one won-
ders: What are we really getting? 
Ad/ormation. 

"It's all the news you need to 
know." It's where you need to eat 
and what you need to buy. 

And to some extent, it's what 
you need to think, because in addi-
tion to reporting a story ,thenetworks 
attempt to influence your opinion of 
it. 

Just watching the facial convo-
lutions of various anchorpeople is 
comedy in motion. [ love to tum the 
volumeoffandjust watch their faces 
contort. 1beeyebrows are twitching, 
one up, one down, and the lips are 
first finn, then smiling - a smooth 
dance of implied feelings. 

There's the earnest look, the 
honest look, the disapproving look, 
the outraged look. Mirror-practiced 
crapola 

And don't forget the voice. It's 
impossible to report aloud without 
the reporter's reaction to the story 
coming through in the tone, whether 
it's scorn, anger, or approval. 

And anewSC3Ster's trained voice 
inevitably colors and, dare [ say, 
slanlS a story. 

"We'll tell you how you can do 
your part in the war," one of them 
says, with the encouraging voice 
and the serious look. 

Remember the Persian Gulf 

991 UCSD UNDERWATER FILM FESnVAl 
Views of the Pacific Coast 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
HAIRCUTS by Mar 
Women $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Perm de HaireU/ $50 
or Highlight & HaireU/ 

at Sumner Auditorium of ~ 
Institution of Oceonograp 

Saturday, ADriIl 
. 3:00,7:00 & 9:00 p.m. 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Suo 2120 
FOR APPOINTMENT PLEASE CALL 

War? Remember the reporting? 
Live, unedited hype. straight to you. 
You could read the news 24 hours 
late, or you ~Id hear and see it six 
different ways- usually all wrong 
- as it happened. 1be networks 
cared less about getting their stories 
straight than with gening a reaction, 
or creating a mood. 

Shortly after the war ended, the 
Los Angeles Times conducted a 
swvey - a questionnaire, really. 
They asked each person if and how 
they followed the war. All those 
who followed it were asked a series 
of general questions about the cir-
cumstances surrounding war.1bose 
who relied solely on television for 
their infonnarion scored the lowest. 
What a surprise. 

Some of their "straight facts" 
have a few twists to them. Just lis-
tening to the news, it's easy to be-
lieve that cities are being overrun by 
gangs, that crime is on the rise, that 
it's never been worse. 

In fact, the California State Bu-
reau of Criminal Statistics reported 
that the crime index (counting rapes, 
muroe.rs, aggravated assaults, bur-
glaries, and vehicle thefts) declined 
I 2 percent inthe<lecadeofthe 1980s, 
from 3,900 crimes per 100,000 
people to 3,400. 

But declining crime rates don't 
keep you glued to the set, or buying 
"The Club. " Remember who's pay-
ing for the "infonnation" you ' re 
getting: Advertisers who don't care 
about the quality of the news stories 
- only that they are packaged for 
easy consumption. A story on 
literacy provides a good example. 

"One out of every l8-year-olds 
is functionally illiterate," said the 
supposed expert on American edu-
cation. 

Maybe they watch too much TV. 

The UCSD Guard-
ian welcomes your 
letters and commentar-
ies. Drop your letter at 
the Guardian offices 
(on the second floor of 
the Student Center, 
above the General 
Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
GURrdian 

B-016, UCSD 
LaJolla,CA 92093 
Letters should be 
typed, double-spaced, 
and should include a 
signature and a phone 
number. Unsigned 
letters will not be 
printed. We reserve the 
right to edit for length 
and clarity. 

Wednaday, April ll, 1991 

PUB 
Continued from page 1 
Mandated Reserves, centered 
around whether it is appropriate for 
theA.S. to put money into a facility. 

"We are not a facilities manage-
ment group," said RevelJe College 
Senior Senator Aimee Dwnas. "I'm 
in favor of expanding the pub, but 
themoneycan·tcomefromtheA.S." 

Dumas said she feared that the 
A.S. would then be viewed as .a 
source of money for a large variety 
of projects, saying, "once we stan 
renovating buildings, we ' re fair 
game for anything." 

Dwnas noted that the A.S. would 
not only be putting out the initial 
$75,000, but also stands to lose 
$52,000 in interest. 

"It's very unrealistic to expect 
future councils to put that money 
back into reserves," she said. 

Fifth ColJegeJuniorSenator Paul 
Wilcox agreed with Dwnas. 

"It's not going to be the same 
pub- that's not what we're doing." 
Wilcox said. "We're allocating 
money to expand a facility and use. 
I'm in favor of the plans, but I can't 
vote for this ... it's a principle of 

where the money comes from." 
Mordecai Potash, chair of the 

UCB Triton Pub Redevelopment 
Committee, explained that although 
UCB would like to put in the addi-
tional financing, the board couldn't 
take money from its reserves for the 
additional funding. Potash said thaI 
the reserves are meant to prevent a 
rise in student university center fees, 
and for unexpected expenses such 
as the recent Price Center flooding. 

"Every possible avenue has been 
pursued to get financing," Edson 
said "I know ideally that the money 
should come from UCB, but we just 
can't do that." 

Muir College Junior Senator 
Amy Vanderlinden argued that the 

The UCSD Guardian 

A.S. should make the $75,000 con-
tribution in the interest of students, 
who would benefit from an ex-
panded pub. 

"There are a lot of things we 
can't do," she said, "but this we 
have control of-we can make this 
a really nice facility. Do you think 
the students care about principals, 
about what budget this comes from?" 

"It is crucial that the A.S. funds 
this," urged Student Government 
Director Randon Woodard. "[t is an 
invesunent on expanding the facil-
ity, but don' t expect a return. TIle 
rerum is to the students." 

Counc ilmembe rs encourage 
public feedback on the allocation 
before the final vote is cast. 

WEDNESDAY 'S A.S. MEETING IN BRIEF 
"'......-.-.. : 
• Wei P. Sun. 10 !he UCSD Siuden, Credil Union Advisory Cornmlllee 
• Oil M. Dor. 10 !he UCSD Sludenl Cr<dil Un ion Advisory Committee 

AlIocotloou: 
• $72.'l10 KAlbi,an, Pill ploo fo< b'aruponalion 10 lhe APSU Conference. from Gene,al Unalloc.red 
.$1.000 '0 Mriean American Siuden' Union for !heir pualioncerernony. from General Unallocated 
• $1643 un<ierwrlre 10 AmIlO$IY In,ernalionaill UCSD for 30Ih AMive,ury of AmneSlY Imemational 
event. II'om General Unallocated 

Budpt Approncl : 
• 1991 Earth Day Fesoval Budse' 

Endoraomeat Approved: 
• Endorsemenl of Women's Resou",e Cenlet referendum 

- Sheryl WolcoH 

Calvin and Hobbes by Bill Watterson 

~. sum.rn \)RIVES 
I-b4E ~tV;)nlER PoI~T'. 

\ 

We've.,. 
IIooIIIIIIJIa 

TIckets 
can 
Bikts 
DcaIs 

kntais 
SCucoI 

SUrfboards 
AIIIo IqIaIt 

SIb 
}oils 

Typio& 
BlbylIUIoa 
COmputm 
ImeNob 

IDdmore In 
IhtGMnlla 

cMIfIcdt WIllI 
do ,.,. oeedl 

NEWS 7 

fIIGRAND 
OPENING 
NEW EXTENDED HOURS: 
MON.-THURS. 9 AM-8 PM 
FRI. 9 AM-5 PM 

Coffee & Cappucinos: all day long 
Continental Breakfast: 9-11 AM 

Lunch Special & Grill Items: 11 AM-7 PM 
/ 

CHE CAFE 
Located on fhe UCSD Campus, behind Undergrad Library, downhill/rom 
Stol/ehenge. Call 534-2311 for more illformation. Experiellce fabulous 
vegetarian cuisinefrom arol/nd the world. at low cost. ill a peace/ul relaxed 
atmosphere. Yes! 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses EXlended Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas perm. hard Brown eyes to blue 

• Includes: CL exam, care kit, myopic lenses, 30 day follow up. 
Brands include B&L, Cooper, WJ, Parapenn, Boston. 

(Offer .. pi ..... 4(3001) 

CUiREMONT 
27.5858 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

5585 Clairemonl Mesa Blvd. 3938 Adams Ave. 

SPill G_~~1 
.~~ ~1)\ P ~ R , Y 

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

S.OOBEERS 
S.75 WELL DRINKS 
SSMl\tt!'lmf1s 

of LA JOLLA 
8910 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

WITH THIS COUPON 
from 9-10 pm 

Llmlt-one per person 

~-----------~ 



8 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 11, 1991 

*. 
Enter PrizeFest. 

It's quite possibly the most 
colossal sweepstakes in the 

histoty of academia. 

5 Honda Elite' scooters 

(As far as we know.) 

¥2Ntr 
1 brand new, 1991 Nissan° NX 1600" 

This sporty little coupe has the most exhilarating 
moves under the sun (or the stars). Its fuel·injected 

double-overhead·cam response will quicken your pulse. 
ClubMed 

Fun and easy to ride, the Honda Elite features push·button 
starting and no shifting. Also Includes a locking under· 

seat storage compartment for your gear. BACKROADS BICYCLE TOURING. 

1 set of 4 passes to Club Macr, Cancun"" 
This is your perfect vacation, because you design ~ yourself. 

You and three friends can have the time of your lives 
scuba diving, water skiing, golfing, horseback riding, 

circus training (I) ... or just loafing on 
dazzling white beaches. 

Get away and play I 2 Backroads Bicycle Touring· triPS" for 2 
In this ideal trip for beginners, you'lI bike across Alexander Valley. 

• 
Ride through the wine country, then follow the course of the Russlan 

River after an ovemight stay at a Iovety Viclorian mansion. 
Inctudes airfare to San Francisco, bike rental and 

vap transfer to the airport. 

25 Sony· Discman° systems 
Make your music move with you . This deluxe, 
portable CD player features 10·key direct music 
selection. MegaBase'· sound. music calendar 
display and remote control stereo headphones. 

lJii:nl 
1 Nordstrom gift certificate 

4 Specialized mountain bikes 
Who needs roads to ride? These handmade, 

lightweight and super strong bikes cover the earth. 

Suit up for career success with a $1500 shopping spree. 
(Just think of the clothes you could buy with that much money.) (I:~ 

1 Bic' windsurfer board 
Designed with the philosophy that the most 

successful boards are those that are the easiest to 
sail . thiS windsur1er board hamesses the power 

of the waves. 

2 AIDe" LaserWritero LSs 
Your friends ';;Ifline up outside your door to use this. 

It's a full·fledged. four·page·per·minute laser 
printer. And it's brand new, from Apple. 

2 Apple Macintosh' LC 2/40 color systems 
Just think: no more trips across campus to use a computer. 

And color. to bootl This is a complete system. including a 
40 MB hard disk, a 12·inch color monitor and keyboard. 

This is big. Really big. 
With 44 winners and more than 6,000 in prizes in 

Southern California, PrizeFe t might well be a historic elen!. 
Even 0 , it 's surpri ingly imple to win. Just stop into your 

cJmpu computer reseller and fiil out an Easy Emry Fonn. 
While Ihere, lake a look allhe perfea computer for srudents 
and faculty alike-the Maci ntosh LC 21 O. 
Your most colorful entry into affordable computing. 

TIle Macinto h LC i the most affordable color Macinto h 
ever. And whether you're crunching numbers or prace ing 
word, it runs thousands of available oftware programs that all 

A PPLE PRESENTS 
work the arne way. 

The Macinto h LC can be heard a well a seen, because 
it also come with a microphone that lets you personalize documents 
with your voice and other sounds. 

More good new : You can now buy a Macintosh computer 
every two years. So if you purchased one in 1989 and you're ready 
to upgrade, go right ahead. 

You haft to enter to win. 
So get to your computer reseUer and enter PrizeFes!. 

And get there today. With a little luck, you could come away 
with something that's really something. 

..... 
•• •• Come in for a Mac LC demo and Prize Fest entry form 
• • 
• • 
• 1l. 
• t~~ .,.,.<0( ,0 • 
. ~- . 
• _...a1\. • 
• JIIJ""- • 
• • 
•• • ...... 

I .. ~I I 
I ( II II I II I UCSD BOOKSTORE 

COMPUTER CENTER 534 -429"1 
OPEN: MON. FR. 8AM - 8 PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

Check out the low price of the Macintosh LC 2/40 color system! 
'Not including tax and license. "Subject to ava~ability . Certain date restrictiOns apply. Void where prohibited by law. See an 'Usy Entry Form' lor c:ompIeIe conIIISI rules end dItaiIa. 

SWeepstakes open to students. faculty and staff at participating campuses. 0 199t.t,ppe CompuIef. 1nc. I4J rVrts raMId. I4J1'III8maIIIa rei,..., tradInaIIIn P"JPII1Y dtllir ~ aCOllllpoi ... IliUrIlfi·,... • • 

-~-~ .. --~ 
" 

... .... .. .." . ." 

FEATURES 
9 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 11, 1991 

• VA group infiltrates the front lines of the everyday battles faced by homeless people 

Exposing the 

Invisible 
Story by Sangeeta Mehta 
Associate Features Editor 

Tanya Pedneau/Guardian 
This photograph changed the VA group's original focus from a documentary on the war to a documentary on. "The Homeless War. '" 

ori Moore noticed it once the Gulf War began. She knew that the media was explaining 
the events of the war, and presenting various viewpoints on them. But something was 
missing. "You, me - the president - is covered," said Moore, a visual arts (VA) stu-
dent. Yet she said one group was being "overlooked" and "disenfranchised." 

This group, Moore explained, is the homeless. 
According to V A student Todd Gushea, the 

homeless do not have enough of a voice, and must 
be brought back into the forefront of the media to 
"raise consciousness." 

So began "The Homeless War," a documen-
tary created by 12 VA students on San Diego's 
homeless population. The project, based on an 

assignment given in VA 
180 (documentary media) 
last quarter, involves the 
use of high-eight video 
footage, 35 millimeter 
color and black & white 
slides, and professional 
sound. Paralleling broad-

castquality,"The Homeless War"may be aired on 
national television. 

According to VA Professor Standish Lawder, 
the project is "a true and spontaneous grassroots 
student initiative. The most extraordinary [aspect] 

is that the students have gotten to know the home-
less. They have established human contact with ... 
an overlooked group. IT 

Now in the editing phase, the documentary 
will reflect both the common characteristics and 
the diversity of the homeless, Moore said. Lawder 
added that the "secret agenda" of the piece is to 
present the homeless as real people who have 
feelings , needs, and wants. 

According to Lawder, the · documentary has 
gone well beyond other projects he has seen in the 
V A department. 

"I asked for proposals on Jan. 15 .. It was obvious 
that history was happening. [Since] documenta-
ries traditionally address such large issues, a lot of 
students were interested in doing something on 
the war,lT he said. 

Lawder explained that a dozen students col-
laborated to extend a single project. They focused 
on the question, "How can we possibly compete 
with CNN or ... do anything the broadcast industry 

is not already doing?" 
Then, a photo taleen by 

V A student Tanya Pedneau 
at an anti-war rally trig-
gered a response. The photo 
showed a homeless man 
pushing a shoppping cart 
through a crowd that indif-
ferently let him pass. 

"He was an invisible person at this event, as 
the homeless always and everywhere are, II Lawder 
said. "They're a ~onsiderable factor of urban 
population, and we look them away, see right 
through them, [although] we're physically occu-
pying the same place. 

"Someone said, 'I wonder what the homeless 
think of the war?' A light went off in my head-
that's a story CNN isn't going to consider. The 
decision to make 'The Homeless War' came from 
that shot." 

See HOMELESS, Page 10 



10 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

HOMELESS 
Continued from pege , 

Funds were needed for students 
to make an initial demonstration 
tape, and to extend the documen-
tary to 27 minutes - the ideal 
length preferred by television sta-

tions for a half-hour time slot. 
1be Hunt Foundation in Hous-

ton, Texasgavemesrudentsagrant 
of 52,000. 

"The Hunt Foundation supports 
quite a few projects revolving 
around the homeless. We ap-
proached them with our proposal; 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guant,." 
Joey wanders the streets in search of essentials. 

UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS & 

.. - .. 
......... 

STUDENT ACTlvmES 
.!RfSENTS 

-~"'" - ... . ]' , 

LOTIERIES ANNOUNCEMENT 
for CoIege lottet y Information MeeIi!J lotIII'I Card Due For DeIaiIs Cal 

"'. 
Revelle Wednesday, April1~:3O p.m. Monday, April 15, 4:30 p.m. 534-3025 

Why Not Here? 

for Muir Monday, April 8, 8:30 p.m. Friday, April 12, 6:00 p.m. 534-4200 Muir Top of the Quad 
411 ~ I·~ IiI"·! ·IIEII r- Third Tuesday, April 9-7:00 p.m: . Friday, Ap'ril12, 4:00 p.m. 534-4341 

Mountain View Lounge 

Warren Thursday, April 11,-8:00 p.m. Monday, April 15, 4:00 p.m. 534-4581 
Warren Commons 

Fifth Monday, April 8-9:30 p.m. Monday, April 15, 4:00 p.m. 534-2261 
Pepper Canyon Lodge 

Tbunday, April 11, 1991 

they seemed to think it was a good 
idea," Gushea said. He added that 
the students may apply for a U.S. 
grant for other necessary funds. 

Although the class and the war 
are over, students have felt the 
need to continue their efforts into 
this quarter. 

As Moore said: "We saw his-
tory being made. We have some-
thing to say ... 

The students pursued their 
statement by spending weekends 
interviewing homeless people in 
the area. Dividing up into small 
groups, they did independent 
ftIming at such sites as Horton 
Plaza and Market Street in down-
town San Diego. 

"They kind of propositioned 
us," said Gushea about homeless 
people sitting outside a recycling 
center in Pacific Beach. "They 
would say, • Hey , you can take our 
pictu!e for a dollar.' 

"We knew certain items they 
would need, [so] we took around 
with us cigarettes. Sprite, clothes 
like socks. Two, then six individu-
als gravitated towards us. They 
saw their friends getting stuff. [and 
that] we weren ' t doing any harm." 

Gushea explained that at this 
point, it was still difficult to ask 
any direct questions. 

" [We were] more developing 
friendships .. . establishing trust so 
they [would] be more candid with 
us," he said. Only then were the 
students able to ask the homeless 
people about their opinions on the 
gulf crisis. According to Moore, 
the responses varied. 

"Some homeless people didn ' t 
know a war was going on," she 
said. "[But] most veterans had 
strong ideas about how the war 
was affecting everyone." 

Moore explained that the di-
verse !esponses are based on the 
fact that "tl'Ie homeless are not a 
homogenous group by any means .. . 
[Although] there are subtle com-
mon threads among them, each 
homeless person has a uniq ue point 
of view [and] way of responding to 
his plight." 

Although the homeless' view-
points on the war were the starting 
point for the project, the docu-
mentary also investigates their 
feelings on other social issues af-
fecting them. 

"We wanted them to talk as if 
this was their open letter to the 
government - how they'd suggest 
changes in social [policies]," 
Gushea said. "We hope that mOle 
peopletalcenoticethatthey'rethe!e 
- they don't mean to menace 
people-they 're trying to survive. 
We want people to see them as 
humans, not as some subculture." 

"The Homeless War" crew 
members have not only improved 
their media skills and shown the 
homeless in a diffe!ent light; they 
have also seen changes in their 
own attitudes towards this group. 

For Moore, her experience has 
"wiped away bourgeoise, pre-
conceived" notions and "sensi-
tized" her to the homeless. 

Gushea said that after talking to 
some homeless individuals, he and 
his roommates gathered some of 
their clothes to make donations. 
And when he met a homeless 
American Indian artist who didn't 
have access to pens and paper, 
Gushea provided him with these 
utensils, and gave him that oppor-
tunity. 

" It's been rewarding forme -
just making friends with these 
people," he said. "I felt good about 
making a little d ifference." 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 

THURSDAY 
Bulgarian State 
Female Vocal Choir 
r.7 Blending traditional folk ~ melodies with sophisti-
cated hannonies and enchant-
ing rhythms, The Bulgarian 
State Female Vocal Choir 
returns to San Diego at the 
Copley Symphony Hall (1245 
7th Ave., downtown) tonight 
at 8:00 p.m. The 24 members 
of this choir were selected from 
woman of the villages inside 
Bulgaria. For Ticket prices and 
more info., call 699-4200. 

FRIDAY 
Eric Johnson 
/;'7 Guitar hero, Brie Jolmson 
~~onns at 8:00 p.m. at 
the ley Symphony Hall 
(1245 til Ave .• l>owntown). 
Noted for his bHstering riffs. 
Brie upstaged fellow guitar 
virtuoso JOe S8triani at a recent 
concert. For ~ contact 
Ticketmaster (278-TIXS). 

SATURDAY 
SONOR Tribute 

• Spalding Gray took a few moments out of a sound check 
last Friday to reflect on someone other than himself - the 
enigmatic performance artist Laurie Anderson. 
8yLeng Loh 
Hiatus Editor 

Problem: a "reclusive" artist won't grant 
interviews and you're planning to write a pre-
view for her upcoming concert. What to do? 
Why not go to another "reclusive" artist and try 

Who 
• IS 

God? 

to convince him to talk about the first one? 
The real problems arise when the second 

"reclusive" artist is someone whose art is com-
posed entirely of talking about himself. Spalding 
Gray, who spoke/perfonned on campus last 
week, claims to be unaccustomed to Page H 4 

By Patricia Jettle 
Senior Staff Writer 

"If you're stuck for a headline for the story, 
why not try 'Eldritch is God' - only 15 char-
acters, including spaces. II 

- Sisters of Mercy singer Andrew Eldritch, 
giving the British press corps a few pointers. 

Andrew Eldritch has an ego. He is pretentious, 
arrogant, and an optimist's worst nightmare. 
What is worse is that he can get away Page H2 

Ttlur .... cLly April 11 1C)C)1 H1 



2 HIATUS 

.,.... WIth Wolves 1he Marrying Man 
sa .. plng With The Enemy 

The SIlence Of The Lamb. Cia .. Action 
T ..... Mutant Ninja Turtles II 

Delenclng Your Ufe Out for Justice 

University Town Centre 452-n66 

Reversal of Fortune Guilty Iy Suspicion 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtlesll 

Defending Yaur Life Career Opportunities 
Out Far Justice New Jack City 

453-7831 
The Silence Of The Lambs 

Dances With Wolves 
The Marrying Man 

Class Action 

283-5909 
Apr, 11: Rebel Withaut A Cau .. I 

East of Eden 
Apr, 12-25: The lritish Animation Invasion 

II!v.~rv Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 
KalCkv Horror Picture Show 

IN THE NEWS 
It eems that Carlos Santana and the Santana Band 

brought the house down at the Rock in Rio II festival. The 
legendary guitari st and his band were asked to come back and 
play another show at the I O-day festival. The Brazilian pres 
clai med the talent and emotion of Santana made it the most 
memorable performance of the how. Santana said the how 
wa "an event of peace, joy, and harmony." When he plays with 
the Grateful Dead in Vegas on April 27 and 28, it will beonenol 
to be missed ... 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
Well , Madonna certainly ha no problems making 

headlines these days. The trailerto her new film "TnJlh or Dare" 
ha been deemed too explicit for daytime TV and will be aired 
only at night. Also, the Motion Picture Association has threatened 
an NC-17 rating for the fi lm. Ju t think of all those adole cent 
who are going to have to get fake rD' to watch Madonna strut 
on screen ... 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
Bono, lead ingerofU2. recently responded to the Pet 

Shop Boys ' cover of their song "Where the Street Have No 
Name." Bono 's reaction to thi cut was: "What have [, what 
have I. what have I done to deserve this?!"That's what you get 
for playing stadium shows and making movies Mr. Vox ... 

By Bryan Dias and Dave Linberg 

1/2 OFF 
Perms ~ Highlights 

And all chemical work long halr extra. 
Flrst-ome dlents. 

We speclallze In all fonns of highlighting &. 
coloring c!. long hair penns. 

IIBPii 1I1Ir.s 
Manicures, Pedicures ~ facials! 

4130 La Jolla 
VIllage Dr. 
Suite #206 
(next to Anthony's) 

457 .. 2004 
Open 7 days a week 

£xpI_ ./25/91 

The UCSD Guardian 

SISTERS 
ContInued from P8ae H1 
with it. As the heart and soul ofttle 
legendary Goth group The Sisters 
of Mercy, he has consistently 
mated the perverse with the cyni-
cal, giving binh to music that is 
rationally psychotic. After ten years 
and three different band lineups. 
he is back and facing reality in true 
Gothic tradition . 

Scheduled to appear this Satur-
day night at the San Diego Open 
Air Theatre, The Sisters will be 
supporting their latest Elektra re-
lease, Vision Thing. This is the first 
tour Eldritch has agreed to perform 
since vowing to quit live work in 
1985. Despite pressure from 
both his record company and 
his fan club, he refused to 
change his mind until recently. 
According to Eldritch, "The 
decision was due to a new 
desire to inflict a great deal of 
pain and damage upon my-
self." Besides, "[Merciful 
ReleaselElektra Records) fi-
nally stopped pestering me." 

To the horror of American 
critic and the hurrahs of those 
with a penchant for black, the 
Sisters have finally returned. 
The current, truly bizarre 
lineup includes Eldritch, 
bassist Tony James (formerly 
of Generation X and Sigue Sigue 
Sputnik). g uitarist Tim Bricheno 
(formerly of All About Eve), and 
guitarist Andreas Bruhn. Rhythms 
are handled, as they have been 
throughout the Sisters' history, by 
Doktor A valanche (formerly 
known as a drum machine). 

Let's face it, Andrew Eldritch 
is The Sisters of Mercy. To truly 
understand the man 's ethos, a little 
hi tory needs to be reviewed. In 
1981, young Andrew was little 
more than a student, majoring in 
Chinese at Leed University, with 
the ambition to screw the public's 
mind. He eventually formed a 
quartet with Wayne Hussey, Gary 
Marx, and Craig Adams. Oh, and 
Doktor Avalanche. 

Like all struggling bands, they 
crui ed the club circuit, building 
thei r following ofleather ensconed 
Goths with each show. And the 
liquor flowed. 

The group released a couple of 
ingles that sparked the interest of 

both the record companies and the 
British music press. And the liquor 
kept flowing. 

Eldritch and his band of merry 
marauders signed with WEA , 
forming Merciful Release Records, 
and released First and lAst and 
Always. The album, literally an 
aural bible for the gloom-and~oorn 
set, led to a brief European tour. 
And the band broke up. 

The specific reasons why 
Eldritch swore he would never 
perform live again are cloudy. 
Perhaps it was because he tired of 
the " Iaddish" male bonding that 
Hussey and Adams were known 
forthroughout the industry. Maybe 
reality and the hypocrisy of life on 

the road finally crashed through 
the band's drug-induced haze. 

Marx left the quartet and the 
good Doktor was returned to his 
cardboard haven. Hussey and 
Adams tried to form a separate 
group using the group' s name and 
Eldritch hired a lawyer. Legal pro-
ceedi ngs ensued, resulting in 
Eldritch winning the rights to the 
band's name. 

Then the real bitchiness began. 
When Hussey and Adams at-
tempted to call themselves The 
Sisterhood, Eldritch hurridly re-
leased an extended EP under that 
name, comprised of rejected Sis-
ters material and his recent work 
with bassist Patricia Morrison. In 
retaliation, the spurned duo stole 
their new group's name from a 
Sisters of Mercy single prior to its 
release: The Mission. . 

Obviously, there will never be a 
concert double-billing with the two 
groups. Eldritch began to focus 
more on his work than his ven-

Thunday, April 11, 1991 

dena, and released Floodland. In 
short, it is an album of wicked 
conceit, celebrating the ironic pa-
etry of ultimate destruction. In 
England, critics hailed it as one of 
the best albums of the decade while 
fans searched the papers for tour 
dates. Eldritch ignored the world, 
went to Germany, did a whole lot 
of nothing, and smirked at the dark 
joke he had played upon the public 
and himself. 

After Floodland, there was no-
where for Andrew Eldritch to go 
but down. As British magazin~ 
Melody Maker pointed out, "What 
do you do when you ' ve grasped 
the glory of the global death kick 
and the Holocaust just doesn't 

comeT' So Eldritch dove head 
first into life ' s pleasurable 
distractions, sex, drugs, and 
rock 'n' roll. When he came 
up for air, Eldritch made a 
discovery: the world isn't the 
only thing that screws people 
up. Even our little quirks can 
throw us into a tailspin. 

At last Eldritch had found 
something to react to, some-
thing substantial to scorn. The 
product of this discovery, Vi-
sion Thing, is a self-inflicted 
wound, a gorgeous display of 
vindictive acid. Eldritch, by 
adopting a nonchalant attitude, 
allows his bitterness to insu-

late his vanity from any nagging 
doubts concerning his actions. 
Even when he draws the listener 
close for a whispered confession, 
as in "I Was Wrong," his tongue is 
a double-edged sword: "{ can love 
my fellow man/but l'm damned if 
I'll love yours." 

If the American leg of the tour 
follows The Sisters ' U.K. shows, 
be ready for a theatrical perfor-
mance. Eldritch exploits his bro-
oding presence when on stage. In 
true form, the king of scorn stalks 
about as the elaborate light pro-
duction and fog machines create a 
theatrical aura. 

Even if you have never heard of 
The Sisters, see the show for purely 
aesthetic reasons. If you are lucky, 
you may even catch a glimpse of 
Doktor Avalanche. 

When: Sat" April 13. 
Where:SD Open Air Theater 
Tickets: Tlcketmaster, 276-

TlXS 

Thunday, Aprilll, 1991 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 3 

No Minced Words 
• They Eat Their 0Nn - and think on their own, too 
By Leng Loh fmally quit. I can't do anything in modera-
Hiatus Editor tion, so I have to do it not at all. I have a very 

Their name sounds rather morbid, and addictive per onality - relationships, cof-
theirmessage-orientedsong titles range from fee , everything:' 
"No Right To Kill" and "Too Many Guns" A strict vegetarian for both humanitarian 
to "Cancer Food" and "Locked Up" - but and health reasons, Laura now focu es her 
lead singer/songwriter Laura B. of They Eat attention to educating herself on health, ani-
Their Own is not a doom-and-gloom god- mal rights. and envi ronmental issues. 
dess. Although she is " I think a lot of 
serious and even ur- --------------- disease in society 
gent about the issues " comes from our di-
she raises through What angers me is how etary habits. That's 
music, Laura main- many people, .. live a life of why we're called 
tains a candidly upbeat They Eat Their Own," 
tone in conversation. denial. I think those people she joked. " We're 

Having given up are overwhelmed by the obsessed with eat-
coffee four days pre- enormity of the problems ing." She explained 
viously, Laura was that she considers 
sipping herbal tea and that we're facing, eating animals to be a 
nursing the remnants " bit cannibalistic -
of a flu as she talked LAURA B. hence the band's 
over the phone last lead s/'nder The'v Eat T.h . 0 name. But more im-b' , /, J elf wn 
week. portantly , she say, 

"Right now I'm in --------------- the band's name "is 
the cleanest, most sober slate that I've ever basically about man's self-consumption. I 
been in my life," she asserted. "Absolutely think we're always in the state of destroying 
no chemicals in my body, except for what- our planet, destroying our environment, de-
ever is in herbal tea." stroying our bodies. It struck me as an end-

Chemicals, health, eating right, obses- less cycle of consuming and regurgitating." 
sions - these themes appear in Laura's Hailing from "the jungles of Hollywood, 
songwriting as well as in her conversation. where no one is a native and nothing is real," 
They Eat Their Own's first single, "Like A They Eat Their Own's current lineup in-
Drug," which hit number 10 on Billboard's eludes Kevin Dixon and Shark Darkwater 
Modem Rock charts, compares a twisted on guitars, J.D. Dotson on bass, and Jono 
relationship to a drug addiction. Both the Brown on drums. 
relationship and drug use in the song were The band could be labelled " the thinking 
taken from personal experiences, Laura said. woman's punk," mixing simple messages 

"Moderation has never been in my vo- about serious issues with pounding rhythms 
cabulary," she explained. "I was drinking and grinding guitars. With their sharp, sa-
about two pots of coffee a day before [ tiricallyricsandtheirsimplisticrock ' n 'roll 

"Politically correct" band not to play at the P.C. Plaza: They Eat Their Own were 
scheduled to play this week 's TG, which has been cancelled. 
riffs, They Eat Their Own could even be 
compared to the Ramones. 

Bam in Yugoslavia and raised in New 
York, Laura cites mu icaJ influences ranging 
" from punk, which probably had the greatest 
influence, to p ychedelia, to '60s Motown 
- [wouldn ' t say that the Motown influence 
is obvious, except maybe on a real, real 
subconscious level." 

Singing with a tongue-in-cheek high-
pitched "girl-singer" voice, Laura mocks the 
manipulation of sexuality in the music in-
dustry in the band's second single, "Video 
Martyr": "Touch melLet me be/Something 
in your world/I can be a boy or a girl/Just tell 
me how you want me to be." 

Laura's sense of humor extends beyond 
her lyrics into her own views of hersel f. She 
says humor helps her survive in tOOay 's 
messed-up world. "If you don't have a sense 

• 

of humor, you don't have a means of relax-
ation and some form of escape," she said. 
"You could really go nuts!" 

At the suggestion that music would be a 
good form of relaxation and escape, Laura 
was quick to disagree with a self-mocking 
laugh: "Unless you listen to They Eat Their 
Own - the n you think, . OH MY GOD, MY 
DIETl I gona recycle, I gotta go do this to 
save the plane!.. . .' Yeah, [dwell on the e 
things." She paused. " 0 K. Well , anyway, 
I'm gonna go and kill myself now!" 

Underneath her light-hearted joking is a 
very serious woman acting on what she calls 
a "moral responsibility" to awaken people 
to the problems in their society. "What an-
gers me," she said, "is how many people 
tum the other way and live a life of denial. I 
think those people are overwhelmed by the 

See LAURA B. , Page H6 

LEWITZKY APRIL 20 SATURDAY 8P.M. MANDEVILLE 
AUDITORIUM 

G.A. $16 . ST. $12 
UCSD FAC/STAFF 

& SR. CfT. $14 
UCSD BOX OFFICE 

534·4559 

DANCE CO. 
,. ... SPLENDID THEATER, DIVERTING 
DISTINCTIVE DANCE. rl San Francisco Chronicle 
PRESENTED BY UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS & STUDENT ACnVlnES 

~az...asno"'. 
_'cow_~~· 
.tel.'.·,"X. 

WITH SUPPORT, IN PART, FROM FUNDS PROVIDED BY THE CALIF. ARTS COUNCIL. 



/ 

, 

. 

/ 

\ 

4 HIATUS 

ANDERSON 
Continued from page Hl 
talking about someone other than 
him elf - not to mention music 
and art. And he made that very 
clear as he prepared for his show 
last Friday night during an im-
promptu interview. He poke hon-
estly on how he feel about Ander-
son, yet was deliberately ambigu-
ou in his comment on her art. 

To lart off, Gray wouldn ' t di-
rectly answer a question on what 
exactly a performance arti tis. 
Finding that out required going 10 
other sources. Anderson herself 
was quoted in her pre release as 
saying that "the be t thing about 

the term 'performan e art' i~ that 
it' so ambiguoui>. It includes JUSt 
about everything you might want 
to do." 

And she really doe want to do 
everything. Anderson i n't just a 
musician - in fact, her 1990 al-
bum Strange Angels was the first 
to feature her full inging voice 
unadulterated by electronic de-
vice. In addition to compo ing 
and performing her piece ,Ander-
son also creates images to accom-
pany her concerts. 

Her previous pieces include 
" United States," a seven-hour 
multi-media event that was ellen-
tually released as a five-record set, 
and "Home of the Brave," a fuLl-

III FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
~ ~ & Turtle Wax Sealer 

~ ~ 8505 Costa Verde Blvd . • 587-4844 
COSTA 
VERDE 
Cr\R WASH 

WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

::E ® 

I -4 t- ueSD 

~ 
L. Joli. VIII_g_ Dr. UTe 

n 
, II J I ~b" Dr ~ ! 

OPEN 7 DAYS . ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

-----------------------: rill Full Service $ 99: 
: ~~~~~ f~.!! Y.{~§!! 3~~oo : 
• C 'W WASil Not valid wi1h any o1l1ef 01181. SAVE $4.01 • 
• Expit_1Iay I. 1991 . • 

------------------------

The UCSD Guardi;lll 

length documentary film. She has 
worked with Peter Gabriel ("Ex-
cellent Bird ") and Bobby 
McFerrin (on a number of cut 
from Strange Angels). She al 0 
composed the score for the film 
version of Gray 's "Swimming to 
Cambodia." 

Anderson i currently working 
on the score for Gray's late t 
monologue about trying to write 
an autobiography, "Monster in a 
Box," which he performed last 
Friday. "She said this one sounds 
like rats scurrying inan anic," Gray 
aid. 

hI remember t~lIing her that I 
once took drum Ie son ," Gray re-
lated, "and he said, 'I'm glad I 

wasn't yourteacher.' Because what 
he found difficult was finding my 

rhythm and making them tay 
teady. They wouldn't. My 

rhythm change." 
How similar is Anderson 's 

work to Gray 's? "We' re both to-
rytellers." Gray said. "but in dif-
ferent ways. She's much more 
poetic, and I'm much more prose 
and narrative. She's kind of a pa-
etic musical storyteller." 

Anderson calls storytell ing " the 
oldest profession in the world." 
There's no need to mention the 
other oldest profession, thanks. 
Anderson has a firm, if somewhat 
tongue-in-cheek, grip on herstand 
as a woman in tOOay's society. In 

Thor day, AprilU, 1991 

"Beautiful Red Ore "from the 
Strange Angels album, she sing, 
"Well they ay women shouldn't 
heffhe pre ident/'Cause we go 
crazy!From time totime/Well pu h 
my bunon baby/Here I come." 

Combining wry social com-
mentary with highly rhythmic 
music and mixed images, Ander-
son explores new avenues with 
each show. Her performance Suo-
day night at Mandeville Audito-
rium, entitled "Conversation and 
Music." is part of a tour she's 
currently making of college carn-
puses. 

"She's very multi-talented," 
Gray commented. "She does all 

See ANDERSON, Page H6 

r----------.---------, kinkC)lS· : $1 00 OFF I $395 : 
I I I 

the copy center I Any Purchase of : Balloon Bouquet I 
• $5()() or more I Ten 11" plain colored • 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437-3775 
Paclflc Beach 

1834 Gamet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

: ,-.uvalod .. 1lb.=OIb<rnIT.,. I Balloons with Ribbons .1 
--;.". I NoI .Il/id .. 'lib .my 0Ib<r r!Jers. 

• 
J c~pon per peoon /c ........ "... ......".. I "~,,,,~, I ..... ,...,...-

'-'I" £>pires oV3IY91. 

------------------

8650 Genesee Ave. 
Costa Verde Center 

45()'9291 
(Across from lITe) 

1826 Gamet Ave. 
Pacific Beach 
483-9953 

(next to Soup Exchange) 

SEMESTER AT SEA 

A VOYAGE OF DISCOVERY 
Have you considered dedicating one semester of your coUege education to 
trtwllill,-tII'O"nd thl world? You have the opportunity to join 500 
intemationaUy-minded students who will earn a full semester of credit and 
journey to Japan, China, Taiwan. Malaysia, India, Seychelles, Kenya, Brazil 
and Venezuela. Spacl is Gvailablt for 1M ftllll991 """stlr. The S.S. 
Universe will depan Vancouver, British Columbia on September 12, 1991. 
Apply now, and prepare for the learning adventure of a lifetime. 

For mort in/ormolion, wril~ OT call: 
Semester at Sea 

University of Pittsburgb 
8U William Pitt Union 
Pittsburgh, PA 15260 

800-854-0195 
(in PAcaIl41l-648-7490) 

, 

~Th~~~~~~Ap~ru~·-1-1-,1-99--1--------------------------~Th~e~u~cs==D~G~uudUn===·~ ________________________________ ~EITATUS 5 
INXS of Power and Passion 

By James E. Ingman 
Editori. AssIstant 

INXS is known for its live 
shows. Their onslaught of dazzling 
lights, wailing guitars. sensual sax 
Solos, and wealth of material have 
made their penormances legend-
ary. even if its albums may not be 
as lofty. Couple all of this with 
frontman Michael Hutchence's 
capti v ating stage presencoand you 
have the penect formula for one 
hell of a show. 

But, Monday night's concert at 
the Sports Arena didn't start out 
legendary.lbeiropening rendition 
of "Suicide Blonde" from last 
year'sdisappointingX looked,and 
more importantly, sounded, flat. 
Breaking into "Calling All Na-
tions" and the hard-driving "Guns 
in the Sky," they appeared to have 
shifted into a higher gear, rousing 
the majority of the audience to 
their feet. Yet, the excitement soon 
wavered with another, catatonic 
number from X, "Hear the Sound." 

Interestingly enough, on the 

majority of the songs from X " 
Biner Tears" and "Disappear" be-
ing the exceptions, Hutchence 
seemed disinterested and lifeless. 
So apathetic was his mood that he 
actually sat down on a stool to 
perform such numben as "Know 
the Difference," and "Who Pays 
the Price?" While he did explain 
his lack of mobility as "an accident 
from the night before," this feeble 
excuse severly hampered the show. 
It was almost as if the band , 
Hutchence especially, was per-
forming these songs out of a neces-
sity to sell more copies ofX. rather 
than out of a desire to entertain. 

And yet, Hutchence managed 
to gather his troops between songs 
for a blistering charge. With all the 
force and musical mite He could 
muster, INXS blasted the capacity 
crowd with a soulfully powerful 
version of "Mystify" from 1987's 
Kick. The mood shifted. The au-
dience bolted from its seats. And, 
the band responded. 

From that launching pad, the 

show rocketed skyward, each 
succesive song propelling the en-
ergy of the arena up one more 
notch. They laid into a highly 
danceable rendition of "Disap-
pear," which was folIo:.ved by the 
pulse-pounding "Listen Like 
Thieves," 

Two hours into the concert, 
when they appeared to close on a 
powerfully exuberant note with 
"Kick," Hutchence and company 
followed with a thrash-it-up, in 
your face rock-n-roll rendition of 
"Devil lnside." By then, Hutchence 
was riding on a wave of high en-
ergy, fans screaming their lungs 
out at his every move. 

The band returned for a low 
tempoed. four song encore, high-
lighted by a sensually intoxicating 
version of "Never Tear Us Apart." 
Saxophonist Kirk Pengilly's mes-
merizing solo gave the audience a 
tapestry of sexual innuendo and 
heart-felt passion. The show closed 
with their perrennial, show-stop-
ping anthem, "Don' t Change." 

Lead vocalist of INXS, Michael Hutchance wails out a a set to the relentless croud Monday night. 

Starts Friday, April 12th at Theatres Everywhere 

COMPACT 
DISCS! 

6 cassettes. ~t I free CD* • I CD's. ~t t free CD* 
*oD.pprotal • No limit 
Lar~st used CD iDYeDtoryln U.S. • UsteDIDg ZODes 

-. MUSIC TRADER r;" 7094 Miramar Rd . 693-1469 
5728 EI Cajon Blvd. 265-2274 

For A 
Good Time 

Toni ht, Stare 
At e Wall. 
LASE RI U M PRE SENTS 

PINK FLOYD'S THE WALL 
This awesome laser-light show combines your favorite Pink 
Floyd cuts from '7be Wall"with krypton and argon lasers. 
AJI under the dome at the Space REUBEN H. Fl.EET 
Theater. Call 238-1168 for show- SI -~:IIIIi". 
times. Then top by Balboa Park ,IT' 
tonight. It'll be wall-la-wall fun. 
20% Discount With Student !D. 

TIle Comic GIII.err 
4224 a.IboII A_ 
San Diego. CA 92117 

comer of Balboa & 
Clalremont Dr., next to Lucky 

(819) 483-4863 
87H N. 1Iro8dw.~ 

Escondido, CA 92925 
Country Corner Shopping Ctr. 
at Broadway & Wash ington 

(819) 745-5880 

THEATER AND SCIENCE CENTER 

K:)7KG11 FM 



I 

6 HIATUS 

LONDON 
PARIS 
WASHINGTON 
SEMESTER, 
ACADEMIC YEAR 
GRENOBLE 
HAIFA 
MADRID 
NIGER 
OXFORD 
PADUA 

iCORTONA 
LONDON 
MONACO 

I PARIS 

CYPRUS 
MADRID 
PADUA 

USSRJE. EUROPE 

For program details complete the coupon below and mail it to : 
Boslon University 
Inlernallonal Programs 
232 Bay Stale Road 
Boslon, MA 02215 
(617) 353·9888 

Nam; - - - - - - - - - Inlo",shtp Program;- -sum-;;;.;;>,oo7ams-
london Corlona Address _______ _ Parts Cyprus 

_ wastunoton london 
SemeoIerI~oC Year ~ad"d city 

_~ ~naco 
_ Heita Padua Phone 
_ Madrid Pails 

N'II'" USSRE Europe 
College/University ____ _ 

Oxford 
Podua 

BOSTON UNIVERSITY 

-vOLUNTEER ExPO 191 
Friday, April 12 
10:30 - 2:00 p,rn. 

Price Center Plaza 

Get involved with San Diego's community service 
agencies and on-ca'mpus organizations too! 

HEALTH ELDERLY 
CHILDREN ENVIRONMENT 
EDUCATION ... and much more 

noon concert with: 'fJ'Tb~ ({J!lJrr(J~1J 
sponsored by: UCSD Volunteer Connection 

XEROX COPIES 

• Self service copiers. Volume discounts. Professors notes 
• Copies while you wait. Book binding 

HOURS: \'. " ", I , ,. ,)' • ",,' ' : 

3211 Holiday Court, La Jolla 452.9949 
Next to Domino's Pizza 

FAX IIJMCE MMlLA8U, MX 1(819) 4SNM8 EJpjres 5/11/91 

The UCSD Guardian 

Meke • world of ditt.rence. 
Join 8 world leader in 
environmental management. 
Few problems are 85 far-reaching - and few 
solutions as VItal - as those IrlIIOIVtng the 
erMl"OlY1lllrlt, That·s why the world class 
engneers and scterosts of Intern8tIOMI 
Technology Corporation (In are committed 
to solving a broad range of enwonmentaI 
problems, 
IT offers complete servtCes from SIte 
assessment and analysIS to engneered 
solutions and remedI8IJOn, In fact. we' re 
experts 111 appIytng a vanety of technologIeS, 
from bioremedl8tion to thermal treatment, 
Become pert of the team of IT expertS: 

• HydrogeoIogsts 
• ClvillGeotectric81 Engneers 
• Thermal Englnl!el'S 
• Chemtsts 
• ConstructlOIl El1gIr1I!I!rs 
• Irrl.Jstnal HygIenists 
• 8IorernedtatIOn SpeciaItsts 
• Ecotaxicologlsts 
• ClVll/EnwonmentaI Enganeers 
• GeochemtStB 
• RadIocherrusts 
• Chemcal Engineers 
• Envronmental Engtneers 
• ConstructlOl"l Management 
We will be on cempus April 25th. 
Interested candtdates should stop by the 
College Aacement OffICe for further IOfer-
matlon or submtt B resume 'to: Ally Janka, 
Manager, ProNuional Staffi", and 
College Relatione, IT CorporatIOn, 2780 
Mosaide Blvd., Mon..-IlIa, PA 11148-
2792. Equal Opportunoty Employer MFHV. 

Devonshire 

IN LA JOLLA'S GOLDEN TRIANGLE 
PRICES 

SLASHED! 
• Walk to , University Towne Centre 
• Next to community park 
• Fireplaces, microwaves and many 

luxury features 
• Direct prage aa:esa 

2 &3 Bedroom 2/21/2 Bath 
Luxury condominiums 

from only $i~ 
\\.a II. · 
3%~KfR NOW 

'159,500 

OPEN DAILY 10 A.M. I. 5 P.M. 

552-8066 

Thursday, Aprilll, 1991 

ANDERSON 
Continued from page H4 
the pieces that go with her words, 
so I see it much more as an instal-
lation that she's moving through 
and performing. 

"Laurie panicularly is a per-
formance anist. Her environment 
is an. When 1 see people doing 
monologues, and then they call 
themselves performance artists, I 
think of them more as frustrated 
actors - they're trying to get dis-
covered. But Laurie really is doing 
an. n 

Anderson and Gray share a very 
similaranisticenvironment, as they 
both live in the same New York 
neighborhood-and were born on 
the same day. "We're Gemini 
twins," Gray declared. 

He described Anderson's per-
sonal anistic space as best he could 
(or would): "She has a loft, and 
within that loft is a soundproof 
studio. And she spends a lot of 
time in there - it's like a cave. 
When she goes in there, she just 
works until she gets things out. It's 
like a timeless an vault." 

Gray spoke with obvious respect 
for Anderson's work. "I think if I 
did sing - Laurie was trying to 
convince me to take singing les-
sons the last time she saw me 
perform -thatI'd be a male ver· 
sion of her," he said. "What she 
does is a wonderful way to heighten 
the reality, to heighten the style of 
the story, to heighten the mode of 
the story. 

"Ilikewhatshedoes very much, 
it's divine," Gray concluded. 
"She's like an angel." 

When: Sun., April 14, 8 p.m. 
Where: Mandeville Aud. 
TIcke .. : $17 students. UCSD 

Box OffIce, 534-4559 

LAURA B. 
Continued from page H3 
enormity of the problems that we're 
facing and they choose to live their 
own life and get through their time 
on Earth without fulfilling their 
responsibility to do something for 
future generations. 

"I think a lot ofpeopJe sit around 
thinking angry thoughts," he said, 
"but they don't really do anything 
about it. They tum it all inwards 
and they become self-destructive, 
I did that for many years. Then I 
realized that I really wasn ' t hurting 
anyone except myself. I used to be 
a very angry person. I'm still angry, 
but not to the point of inaction. I do 
something about it now." 

Dealing with such serious 
problems as cancer, greed, social 
alienation, and mental illness, 
Laura says she has no other way of 
addressing the issues other than 
bluntly pointing them out in her 
songs - even if that means being 
confrontational. 

"During live shows sometimes 
I find myself kind of pointing at 
people randomly in the audience, 
and it worries me that I might piss 
somebody off, or alienate some-
body," she said with a chuckle. "I 
just hope that they understand that 
when I say something like' you are 
the enemy,' I'm talking about 
mankind in general and not just 
one person. 

"I'm always careful 10 include 
myself when I refer to the enemy, 
because I'm just as much a pan of 
society as anyone else. Not only 
8r.l I pan oftbe problem, but I think 
I'm also pan oftbe solution. I think 
everyone is." 

Thunday, Aprilll, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

& ROBBERS 
ESSAY 
BY JAMES COLLIER 

My oousin Tony always 
wanted to be a cop. ~ 
lights and sirens were going off 
in our neighborhood, 1 always 
knew I could find Tony around 
somewhere. He liked hanging 
2I'Ound with the cops, talking 
"poIiceman-ese", and aying to 
find out what had happened. 

He. joked that the reason be 
wanted to be a policeman 'WlI$ 
because he was 8 a law and order 
type of guy." He joined a group 
caIlcd the "Exploras"- the 
police version of the Boy ScOUlS. 
Abd the gnq, 81M bim the 

. cxpoture to the inner woddnp 
of a police dcpattmcnt that he 
dapetatdy wamed. 

. . My~Mft 
rduct.lnt IUppOl1erI afToqy's 
p~. 'l'{Icy dido't dliDk be 
had the IIlIIDIIitr OWJlC!OClod to 
be. poIicemul..Butmc, MDt 
... _ pIid a Iotmoatyto 
. oaditbim.lD~ . 
. ·· flc",_~p 
....... , ..... _.' .. iit 
• 

said trying to justify the loss of 
the Nodcufli. 

"But you're not a 
policeman!" Grandma said. 

"That doesn't matter," he 
said.. "I can't just tum away 
when I something bad 
happening." 

Tony worked as ar. office 
gopher for police department. 
One day Tony asked ifbe 
could take one of the police 
auttlS to a nearby car wash to 
be deaned (he didn't even 
fmoc a driver's license). 

But Tony didn'tget dlc: car . • 
wubed. ~. pc drove 
around visiriag fiiends aad 

. sbowing tbe ex oft: Now the 
JOOd part --wbIc be WIt 
showing ~ he. cnshed the 
poJke car .into a ddivay van. 

ToayWlfilikdceP. The 
jW.'IIkcJadted.bUn out of the 

. BpIpras and todt..,., the 
..... tbatTooy·1dcft4 mcJl'C. 
thIii IIIJthing else · .bia 
Dillilm, 

PHOTO 11 



12 

, 

The UCSD Guardian 

'THERE' . .' , ARB' ,.. . :". 

ALSO,' :·:"::: .'iAi~ 
- . ~ :~ 
EXCITJHG: 

Lf'¥A . :mrm:"UrnI'. ~·"'~;: '''UJX; ·· . " '.. . ........ ... . .. 
COMMl2T'EE' ::: . . . . 

~mA~Tr; ~~J:"V'.~ 
Ji.~ADABLE: .. , .. I . . .. . " 

': ::.: ,:. :, ' . ,. 

Thursday, Aprilll, 1991 

• 

Thunday, Aprilll, 1991 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Reaulatloas: 

oSIIc>_1INIa Y ON AN 8 112" IT II" _ (I' 
PAPIIIt ALOIOJ """ YOUtl NA ......... IN ICIIOOt., 
HOMIn'OWN. cn.utaa YOU AtTDID AT UCSD, foWOl, 
AND _ NIJIa&a TO: Stom Eorroa. UCSD 
GUAADIAH, 9500 GIIJIWI DalY!! 0316. t.. 10lJ-', 
CA 9209HI316. You CAN AUOOI.OP ITaop DIrK! 
SI'OIIn Earoa's .ax AT rK! GuAADIAH OIO'ICI!, 
LOCA11ID IN_ ST\JDIIHf CIJmot, ACIIOSS I'IlOIO nat 
OYW. 

·Au. UCSD SllJDEI<TS. STAW. ANO FAC\ILTY 
AU ELJOIIL! TO ENTEIl. £XCD'T II(:. OuAADIAN STAPP 
......... ANDIMP\.OY&SOP 81's CIocAoo I'IzzDlA. 

.n. __ WHO roaes Lf' wmt nm WO«T 
COka8CT ANSWUS, AS ~ ay llIBlUDOES t 

THIRD 
COLLEGE 

WILl. .. ra::L..AUD Tl4E ORAND PR.IZE WII\iNU. AND 
WLI. U UC\XlI"IZED w.- 11111 QUIZ IS paom;o nil! 
f'OU.OW1NO wax. IN 11IB &VDrr Of' A nil. A 0IlA WINO 
WLI. II HILI> TO _ nil! WINNEA. 1)C)R 
COU8CT ~ NOT SEU!CTED A5111E ORAND PaIZIl 
W_ WU .. COI<SIDEaED IUNNl!llS-UP. 

oOM.v ON!! IINIaY ,. __ rt!It QUIZ. No 
M.US-fIIOI)UCB) IIHftJE.S WD.J. •• Aa:I!PrED_ EHru!s 
MUST .. AT _ GUAllDiAN IV NOOI< WEllNBSOAY, 

.TN. ORAND NI2E w~ wu.. IlECElVE A ... 
O.NND I'OIt TWO AT 81's CHtCAOO P.zza.A. 
RlOOIDS-uP WIU UCElVI A FlEE rm:HEa OF 
MtOE.Ot DuPr.EBa, at SODA, AT BJ 's, LOCA'I1!D 
IN t..lou.A VLl.AOE SQUAlL A LIST Of' AU. WHBS 
W1U. II IOmID AT BJ's 6AOt WEEK AIID W1NNIIItS 
NEB> TO _ IIlEImI'ICATlOII TO Q.AlM PItIZI!S , 

ThIs week's questloas: 
1. Before 1991, when was the last 
time the San Diego Padres won on 
opening day? 
2. Who is the Vancouver 
Canucks' fi~t-round opponent in 
the Stanley Cup Playoffs? 
3. Who is the manager of the 
Cleveland Indians? 
4. Who won the 1991 NCAA 
Division I women's basketball 
championship? 

Leadership 
Training 

Conference 
1991 

, f'Q'tI ava~ab\e Inforro~~:n's 0'fiC8 tof all April 'Zl & 28 
at the sted students- Cam~ Fox in\ef8 , 

Palomar ountalns 

The UCSD Guardian 

S. What was the nickname of 
Detroit Tigers pitcher Mark 
Fidrych? 
6. Who is currently the highest-
paid player in baseball? 
7. What is the name of the 
Chicago White Sox's new stadium? 
8. Who is the president of the 
Detroit Tige~? 
9. True or false: Major league 
umpires are on strike. 
10. Name the four membe~ of the 
UCSD women's water polo team 
in the U.S. national program. 
Last week's questlOlll: 
1. Who is. the owner of the 
Chicago White Sox? Jerry 
Reinsdorf 
2. What team does Vince 
Coleman play for? New YorkMets 
3. True or false: The Los Angeles 

Raide~ waived BoJackson. False 
4. True or false: Roger Oemens 
will be the opening day pitcher for 

SMOG $14 ft 99* CHECK ~. 
plus $6.00 state cert. 
TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6-cyl. $39.99 

• 011. lube, filter $1.4.99' 
• AlC Service $11."" 

• Coolant ServIce $11."' 
• TransmisSIon ServIce $24.19" 
• Brake Special (1 aXle) $51.19" 

• most carl 

caD Auto care 
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

8660 MIr8mer Rd., aulte C 
(behind Goodyear) 

s.n DleIO, CA 92121. (819) 558-2438 • 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

YOUR STUDENT VOICE 
COUNTS, BUT WE CAN'T 
HEAR YOU UNLESS YOU: 

VOTE 
LAST DAY TO VOTE 
IN A.S. ELECTIONS 

the Red Sox. True 
S. Who was the MVP of the 
NCAA tournament? Christian 
Laettner 
6. What is the mascot for New 
Jersey's NHL team? Devils 
7. Who was the 1990 NL Rookie 
ofthe Year? David Justice 
8. Who won golf's 1991 
Tournament Playe~ Champion-
ship? Steve Elkington 
9. Who holds the record for most 
points in an NCAA men's 
basketball Division Ichampionship 
game? Bill Walton 
10. Who is the head coach of the 
UCSD women's water polo team? 
Denny Harper 

Last week's winner: 
Roger Webb, Warren, Senior, 
Physics - Sacramento 
Runners-up: 
5; list posted at Bl's 

SPORTS 13 

SCORE 
Continued from page 18 
arctic explorer in mid-winter. 

Those of you who see body 
checks and slam dunks as pure 
excitement, and disdain the pace 
of baseball as being "boring," can 
go ahead and watch your favorite 
sport's playoffs continue for the 
next several months, until31 ofrhe 
32 postseason qualifiers are elim-
inated. 

Go ahead. Watch all the hockey 
and basketball you want. It's ex-
citement, but it's also cheap. Base-
ball, now there's a complex sport. 

As someone once said, baseball 
is dull only to those who are dull 
themselves. 

I think I unde~tand those reli-
gious people a little better now. 

Would you like to go to a Base-
ball Study? Here's a schedule. It·s 
at the stadium. You know the way. 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation . 
Volunteers paid. $50.00 for participation. 
If interested, call 534 .... 955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534-6847. 

APRIL 11TH-
THURSDAY 

BEING-FIT ®AEROBICS 

10:00 am - 2:00 pm 
GYM STEPS 

PRICE CENTER 
PLAZA • • 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

9:00-10:00 

12 :00-1:00 Steps 

4:30-5:30 

5:30-6:30 

6:30-7:30 

7:3().3:30 

Low 

Burner 

Stretch 
'NTone 
Steps 

Steps 

Low Burner 

Stretch Stretch 
'N Tone 'N Tone 
HiILow Steps 

Steps 

Low 

Stretch 
'NTone 
HiILow 

Low 

Burner 

Brtng this ad In • $20 per month on a monthly balls • No Inlfiotlon Fee 
for a Free Class • Freewelghts • NoutUus • Ufecycles • Stalrmosfers 

'I'(J!) 3961 Clc*emonI Meta I/vd., CIaIremont Squcn ShoppIng Cent. BEING-FI '" - near LM WOrdI. DeI'h:I Pars 5QOIt4U-9294 
OlIo IOcahKt near SOOJ (696-1702) 



, " 

) 

14 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Join Aolnagl Karale-Do and learn a 
traditional martial art Irom Okinawi. 
Beglnner'acl_areT·Thirom 6·7 in the 
Maln Gym FItness Room starting April 9. 
Man 565-4535 lor Info. See you therel (414· 
4111) 
Come Join the "Catrlbean Castaways" at 
the Warren College seml·formalll1 will be 
held on Frlday,Aprll19irom 9 p.m. · 11.m. 
at the Downtown Ramada Tlckets are on 
sale lor ONLY $101pers0n It the Price 
Center Box 0IIl0e. Don' miss 01.1111 (418·41 
15) 
Nelson and House 01 Lords In concert AprIl 
12th, 5th rCNI 88818 $42 o.b.o. Ai 457 ·1319. 
(418-4111) 
Nell Young & Crazy Horse on April 23rd. 1st 
rfNI Lower Level seats. Call Jay 457 ·1319. 
(418-411 1) 
MUSIC MAJORS needed for music 
appreciation study. Involves listening to 
and rating various music selections. Pays 
$5.00 lor 45 minUles. Call M~ch al 457· 
0239. (418-4/18) 

International House is a greataoss-cul1ural 
living opportunityl Applications available at 
Pepper Canyon & I. Cemer (Jrs.. Srs .• 
Grads). Due April 22. Call 534·2261 with 
questions. (418-411 1) 
The A.S. Intemahlp Offlce is openl Find 
out about summer and fall opportunities In 
San Diego, CeIHomta and Natlonaflyl 
Come to our 3rd flOor Price Center oHIce 
now or call 534-48891 (418-4/11 ) 

Graduating? Only 69 days till you wear thal 
funny gown. Parenls coming? Don' even 
think of another hotel till you call the La Jolla 
Cove Motel. t70 Beauliful rooms. wild night· 
life of Prospect SI. In your backyard, world 
class beauty 01 'the Cove" out your front 
balcony. Expensive? Not. $44.00 UCSD 
special. (4/8-4125) 
Kappa Kappa Gamma encourages 
everyona to anend the 6th annual United 
Cerebral Palsy Swim Meet held Inthe UCSD 
Natatorium on April 14th from 8 a.m. to 12 
p.m. Come and show support l (4/11) 

Gellnvolved at Revelle. Revelle Commitlee 
Applications are available at the Revelle 
Provost OOlce: due Friday, April 26'h.(4I 
11-4125) 
Coma to Friday's 'International Cale" for 
good lood and company. BuHet lunch 
served at the International Genter every 
Friday tl :30-1 :30, $2 at the door. All 
students and staH _lcome.(4/11-4/15) 

Uke Flamenco Guitar? Interested In SpaIn? 
Come 10 the Inl'l Club's SPANISH 
CULTURE NIGHT. Mon. April 15. 6:30p.m. 
Food, discuasion, music. and morel At the 
Int1 Cemer. (4111-4115) 

AARDVARKS 
don't eat, but humans devour 
new doctor·developed, fat· 
buming weight loss cookies! 
Explosive demandl Tastes 
greatl Complete homoepathirJ 
nutritional product line. Train· 
ing provided. Follow my ·Steps 
For Success· and eam over 
$250,000! Anyone can do ~I 

Call now for a free samplel 
appointment. 

Nutrition Needs 
(619) 68N8OO 

------

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15"word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actuai address: Student Center A, topfloor. 

Too busy to think about genlng invofved or 
going to a meeting? Is It because you (a) 
are an 'older" student who has returned to 
school alter spending tlma away. or (b) are 
juggling care for a child or family, or (c) all 
of the above? Come 10 a meeting artyWayl 
Thrid CoUege Is reviving our support group 
for returning students (STRATA), and 
starting one lor student parents. II you have 
any ideas of services _ might fadlitate, 
workshops that might be helplul. or an 
Interest In meeting with others who share 
some 01 your experiences. please join us. 
Meeting: Monday, April 15, 5:00p.m. at the 
Third College Dean's OHloe. For more 
Inlormallon, call Becklor Jan at 534-4390.(41 
1 I) 

DEEP PURPLElWINGER Concert May 
12111, 5clV3rd Row, Floor. $601$75. David 
534-2520 or Alex 457·1319. (4/11) 
Kappa Kappa Gamma encourages 
everyona to anend the 6th annual United 
Cerebral Palsy Swim Meet held in the UCSD 
Natatorium on April 14th from 8 a.m. to 12 
p.m. Come and Show support I (4111) 

SERVICES 
OtgaBart-€lectrologist: 120010 I 500 hairs 
per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Student 
Discounts. 558·46441226·1962. (411-616) 

PASSPORT PICTURES II New at Cal Copy. 
Onfy t6.95. WhIle you wait. Xeroxes and 
mor • • NNrSt Germains. 452·9949. (1122· 616, 
Moaqulto Auto Repair. Subaru & 
Hondas. By appointment. Best rates in 
North County. Professlonal 15 years. 758· 
2332. (2121-4111 ) 
UPHOLSTERY BY GALE. BOlt., 
Furniture, Cusihions, Pillows. Reasonable 
rates. Oceanside 758,2332.(2121 -4111) 

Word Prooesalng - Student paper. & 
resumes. Aushokay. Experienced. SIUdent 
pricing. CaHlnpuIIOutput 81587·0080. (21 
28-4111) 

Prolesslonal Word Processing by 
SCRIBES. Papers. disaer1ations. man· 
uscrIpCa. research. Lowestrates-Plckupl 
Delivery 226-8595. (314-4115) 

WHAT NOW? Have you been Injured in a 
car aocldent of at work? Do you need legal 
help? The Law oIIIcea of Georggin and 
Shann can help you. For morelnlormatlon 
call 552-0101, or see the ad In today'a 
GuarrI6I. (311 "-"III , 

DISSERTATION COMPLETION WORK· 
SHOPS. For Inlorm81ioncall Post Graduate 
Group, 985-0426. (411 ·616) 

BIOTECHNOLOGY DIRECTORY. A must 
lor job seekers. 199t listing 01 150+ Cal· 
lfornla companies Including mailing labels. 
Send $t3.38 (Include. ta~) to A.Gee 
Associates, mo Regents Rd. "13·525. 
S.D .• CA 92122 or call 453·8283. (418-41 
18) 

Surfer&- Broken Ilns? Snapped boards? 
Numberous dings? Call Thomas for 
professional & timely surfboard repair 1560-
9053. (411t-4122) 

WANTED 
Need C .. II? W • .uv.t Domlno'. PIZZII 
Is nCNI hiring lor ail poIitions. Managarnent 
opportUnItJee available. Complele tralning 
program. If you are 18 years old, heve a 
valid drivers license. auto Insurance. an 
excellent driving record, and IIClC8SS to a 
car. you can: Eam up 10 $101 IY. (tDlai 
comp.) Enjoy the lreedom of being on the 
road. work llexible hours. APPLY TODAYI 
Domino's Pizzi! UCSD 321t Holiday Ct. 
452·UCSD. Please apply alter 3 p.m. (11 
to·6I6) 

Tired 01 low wages and long hours? Do you 
wanllO earn more? (61 9) 758-4602. (214-41 
25) 
I need 200 people desiring wealth without 
lhe corporate rat race. Call 271-4940 for 
information. 271-4940 (2/7·512) 

Now hiring qual Hied managers, drivers. 
telephot\e operators. and kitchen help. lor 
new home-dellvery raslaurant in La Jolla 
In search of ambitious, success-oriented, 
team membefs. Great opportunity. 457· 
8646. (411-4111) 

SUMMER IN THE ROCKIES. All poaItiona 
available at The Holiday 1m Resort and 
Estes Park Conference Center. Contact 
Debbie, HolIday Inn, P.O. Box '''68, Elias 
Park. Coiorado. 80517. (411-4111) 

FAT BURNING WEIGHT LOSS COOKIEI 
SaIea 01 this product are well beyond our 
oompany's eMpectationa, We need your 
help 10 keep up with the demand (earnings 
$25K·250K per year). Call nCNIlosc:hedu1e 
your appointment and recIeve your FREE 
Fat Burning Weight Loss Cookie sample. 
Nutrition NMda, 689-8600. (411 -4111) 

Ideal job 101 college students I FIe~ibIe 
sChedullngl $7/hr. No experlance 

~. PadflcGroop. one<lt the nation's 
leading lele·fundralslng Ilrm., seek. 
responsible. lTIOIivaIed incIviduala 10 join 
our calUng staN. 563-2000. (411-4111) 

College Pro PIIntIra - North Ame!Ica's 
Iargeet Itudent house painting oompany Is 
nCNI accepdng lIPIJIIcallol1s lor suml118l' 
management Internship.. Successlul 
appIicanta will AICIIive extensive training. 
and gaitVllluable managementexperlenoe. 
Average summer earnings range from 
$800010 $12.000. Branchaa are IIIUnglall 
so act nCNI. Call College Pro PaIntera 
today, 1-800·882·2762. (411-4111 ) 

Need 3 energetic and exciting people to 
work partllull time training and managing 
others In national marketing IIrm. NO 
EXPERIENCE NECESSARY. For 
appointment call Charles 81 488-81n or 
457·2980. (411-4111) 

ALASKA 9U1111£R EMPLOYMENT -
fisheries. Earn $5.000+/month. Free 
transport81ion I Room and Board I Over 
8.000 openings. No experience necessary. 
..... or Female. For 68-page employment 
manual, send $8.95 to M&L Research, Box 
84008, Seanle , WA 9812 .. - 100% 
moneyback guarantee.(4/"-4129) 
Wanted: subjects Irom southem Boston 
needed lor music peroeptlon e~periment. 
No music axperfence necessary. $ 1 OJhour. 
Call 558·1 385. (418-4115) 
Wanted: A volunteer to videotape SPRING 
INTO ACTION. Saturday April 20th. Over 
300 college voIuntMrs at 20 dfferem project 

s~es In San DIego County. Call leslie, 
Volunteer Connection. 534-1414. (418-41 
15) 
Drivers - 2 needed to drive emergency 
road service vahides 6-9 am. M·F. Must 
be 21 and heve clean driving record. Rate 
$6.5OIhour. Call cliff Tabor at 67(J.7601 il 
interested. (418-4111) 
Excellentopportunity. investmemfirm Smith 
Barnay Downtown Tefemarketing. Part·time 
call Nancy 544-6535. (418-4/11) 
WE NEED SELF-MOTIVATED STU-
DENTS. e.m up 10 "OJhr. Market aedit 
cards on campus. Flexille hours. Only 1 0 
positions available. Cell Now 1~850-
8472 ExI. 20, (4111) 
Stall Wanted: Roughl~ It Day Camp in 
S. F. EII1Bay hiring lor summer 19911 
Positions : Counselors, swim & riding, 
waterfront staN. environmental education, 
spolia. AlIa & Crafts. Musthaveexperlenoe. 
refs. CaII"'5-283-3795.(o4Ill) · 
BabyaI1Iers needed. Call Super SItters at 
755-0197 lor an 1nterview.(4111 ) 
Subject. needed lor Brainwave 
Experiment&- You must be 1) a right. 
handed. native epeaker 01 English beIWeen 
the ages of 17 and 35 OR 2) someone who 
speaks both Chinese and English who has 
lived In the U.S. tor at ...., 5 years. All 
IUbjecta paid lor partIdpatIon. Call 453· 
.. 1 00 E~t. .. 22. (...,,1) 

ASTHMA subfeCtS needed lor varloua 
atudieI. It you heve mild 10 Intermediate 
asthma. intermittent U1hma. a history <It 
uthma. or exerclae-lnducecl aithma. are 
male and eMIt' the age of 18', you may 
qualify lor ~ being conducted at the 
Allergy and Allhme MedIcal Group & 
AeIearctI Cerar. CuaIIIed aubjectI wII be 
oompenuted lor IheIr lime. PIe_ call 
Lauren at 292·11 ..... (4111-4122) 
INTERESTED IN $1000 EXTRA PER 
WEEK lor II1UffIng enveiopea? Send SASE 
to T and W PublI8hi~. P.O . . Box 654. 
Corvallis. OR 97339.(4111-4122) . 

M~ent. Only excited & 
motivated need apply. Train and manage 

. own sales force or sell H you prefer. Top 
people making really high wages. SerIous 
inquiriel call Mr. WoItu8 at 457·2980. (41 
11-4/18) 

Thursday, AprilU, 1991 

FOR SALE 
1985 KawauId Ninja 6OOR, 17.51< mYe., 
immac. COIdIon, CUllom red paiIW.1ncIudea 
heImeI. lock, attar market exhaust, and 
extralairi9. ~ aervIced. Must"". 
$2OOOIobo. Call Amony, 587·8657. (411-041 
11) 

I NEED TO EAT (Illd I MeCI bus rnon.y). 
22.5 MEDICI PRO STRADA ALL CAMPY 
- verY clean. S6OO. 1 ~oa Columbia 
ReplIca Cru'- Bike, $350. Call Jim and 
leave meeaage, 224·6669. (411-41'15) 

REPOSSESSED VA & HUD HOMES 
available from government from $ I without 
credit check. You repair. AIao tax delinquent 
foreclosures CALL 1·805-682·7555 EXT 
H' I443 lor rapo Ii&I your araa.(414-4115) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, 4-wheelers, TVa. 
SI~. lumiture . computers by DEA, FBI. 
IRS, lind US customs. Available in your 
area nCNI. Call 1-805-882·7555 Ext C· 
1199.(414-4115) 

8ookslor Sale; CSE 175B, lelA, 84. Econ 
2B. New and Cheapl Contact Rick 587· 
9042.(414-4118) 

Futons and spec:iallrames, beSl price and 
quality, 10 Frame style., 100 Futon 
Invemory. 221;..1 398.(414-04129) 

Computer: Zenith LaptOP. 20MB hll'd«tve. 
software (MSOos. Word, PW, Desktop 
Pub.) and carrying casa included. Printer: 
OKIDATA modlel 93u. All lor only $1200 
obo. Please call 259-9668.(414-4111) 

Schwinn Racing Bike. 12 speed, biack. 
various improvernants, awaits your bid. 
Phone Marcel 81276-1960. (418-4I1S) 
Soundstream - DX·l digital CfOssover-
$125 o.b.o. Cables also aVailable. (418·41 
11) 

Tandy 1400 laptop Computer.1WO Internal 
3.5" disk drives, banery. Tandy DMp·l30 
printer. $250. 454·6431 . (418-4111) 
Kaypro 2000 Laptop computer. modem 
Internal 3.5" diak drive. extemat 3.5" and 
5.25" disk drives. batlery carrying case. 
software. Tandy DMP·200 printer. All tor 
$350. Cail454-6431 (leave message). (41 
8-04111) 
Sisters <It Mercy. Daniefle Dax. Lush tick8ta 
lorsale. Sunday April , .. at Irvine Meadows. 
Four tick8ta. $15 each. NMd 10 .... 1 Call 
Dave at 568-8145. (418-04111) 
OrIginal512K Macintoah - great graphlca 
+ wordidataprocesaing. External ciIk drive 
+ numeric key pad. 587-8220. (418-4118) 
Selling 1981 VW Jetta. 11 needs 10 be 
worMd. Selling it for $400. 587-8948 BrIe. 
(4/ ..... /15) 
Scooter-'M HondaAllo 125oclUlomatlc, 
topepeed 55mph, runsgreatl AakIng$590. 
Patrick 5048-8530. (418-4118) 
Surfboard - Bar10 (Rusty) 6'3" rounded 
pin occy 3 shape- clean· $200, 8'8" Barto 
rounded pin 6 deep cIhanneIa, c:Iean $260, 
6'8" Rusty rounded pin brand MW $300. 
Call 459-1215. (418-4111) 
Phantom of the Opera tick8ta. Sa .. May 
11th In LA. $90 lor the pair o.b.o. 481· 
5291 . (418-04111) 
IBM compatIJIe 28&-Turbo 12MHz. 2Mr, 
2par game 85MB fut·28MS Hardrlve. 
1.2MB 1Ioppy, super EGA diIpIay. 20400B 
modern. mouse. joya1Ick. menus, ellC8fllln 
condition. e~ lOfware. $1100 must 
..... Wilkie 558-6047 ... (418-4111) 

Reel Honda '8911COOter (SA50) in exOllent 
cond~lon . $600 o.b.o. Parklng permit 
Included. CartI455-0261 . (418-04115) 
Cute, cuddly puppies lor sale. 3I .. lIbrador, 
11 .. Cocker·Spaniei $25.00. AvailabIe_. 
Call 268·9732. (418-4/22) 

QUALITY AUTO 
INSTALLATION ~ 

r--------------,..--~ ..... ~~~ft~ 

Remote Auto Alarm ~~~~~::::::::::=---.!CJii~ 
$229,1Mta1e4/ Window Tinting Inc ... F_ ..... ..,.". 

. 2Rf_·"",& 0iunn.,..,l00'IWy' Bact ...... wIndow.$8I* 
ElocIronIcdoorlllCl\llomg' E_"",,*doIocWI ' 121! ,No· ...... ·_ ................... T ~~ ................. dB6_tiren.P~IIgIICIWI1 . I'1IIhrlpLED.~ -- ... """' .. - 011.,.-, .. _ 
cIIirp or chlpcioalllo . ,,_ or ....... ....ng. _ h8Id cx.t ~ ~ Mm ' Two-year III*W1I8e 
... SarI ..... • Pri: ~. UMe .. peeIi1g, lIding. ~ lie. • LilIime 
prW1IIo pn & _. Stf11J f1III PIQ"''''''''' wUrIuIw1shIp gunnIIIe • _ en 

l~tN5HS--~~---'~~_1 
I Remot .... rm 1391 I Car . c. ..... -- _110 I "......,..",."."., ·.2 ...... _ .• 
1 __ .... _ ... .,_ ...... IISfereo :~-.m$10 I 

_ ............... ___ 1IIIIN... _._-
~i.£D. ____ ll11 .. .;; I L LI!*no'- •. ------SIO'1iP I 

--------~ ---~~-~ 
ACVANCED ,</uIIJ, JH~&.t;fJIf, 
4425 Convoy, Suite 106· Mesa· 271-2434· MCNISAtAMX 

.. 
4688 Convoy St 

K8a'11y Mtsa 
576-8542 

12 
1800 8 Rosecrans 

PI. Lorna 
225-0279 

., 11 
32nd I MIin 3443 ~ 
SIn OlIgo Nom P.t 
281"Il0l3 28().11883 

• We bag tIVfJfY comic 
• Games & Cards 
• We • Free Discounts 
• In stole subsaiption service 
• We're open untI7 p.m. every day 

Nail Specials 
ACRYLIC s18 99 
NAILS • 
(Reg. $35) 
Tip Overlay *24.95 

. .. '12 R~. $15' New clients only 
................... ;: ..... Reg.$45 

... 11 .... a~ ...... t .... 
............. ta 

.. h: ..... • ....... Reg. $35 

I 
I 
I 
I 

NAILS BY .JENNIFER .. D AND WOlliN I 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd., Ste. 103 & 104 I 
(Next to Burger King) 580-0325. ___ 1 I 

L NaI-..IId will .ny oller ~ !lop. 4IIM1 --------------~-----~ 

Thunday,Aprll 11, 1991 

LapIop: Bodwell 286 w120MB HD. 1 meg 
RAM. SI250.oo Pele, 29t ·0974. (418·4111) 

Taking Beginning Surfing? For Sale: Rusty 
6'6' Roundpln Thruster surfboard and 
RipCuri full wetsult for $t801 or surfboard 
for$t50,_tsu~for$50. CalIJessle(home: 
279-5670 or work: 674·2031 . (4/11-4115) 

Honda Scooter In excellent condition call 
452·2843.(4/11 ·4118) 

Surfboard 6'0"xt9'x2 3/S". Vega trifin. 
Walermans Guild glassing. Light , 
responsive, perfect condition. Boardbag 
and leash. $150.(4/1t -4I15) 

For Sale - Stereo syslem $2001 Black 
While TVI D.O.A. Foot Pedals, $30/eal 
Aquarium! Frank 295·7524. (4Itl-4115) 

Hi wall lead 30 guitar Amp Head. 50 wall, 
all tube design, $300 cash obo. (619) 452· 
6264.(411 1 -411 8) 
Moving Sale - Must sell 2 beds, excellent 
condition. Single w/mal\ress· W headboard 
$1 00 or bestoHer. Waterbed ,queensizewl 
wood frame & headboard $SO or best ofter 
484·5296. (4111) 

FUTONS, 6" Full $60. 6" Queen $65. S" Full 
$70.8" Queen $75. Free bedsheet with any 
futoniframe purchase. Roth's at 4242 EI 
Cajon Blvd. For store hours call 280· 
3248.(4111-4122) 

HOUSING 
Roommate Wanted l La Jolla Condo 5 min 
from school. Your own room & bath & 
parking space. Washer & dryer, sauna. hot 
tUb. & pool. 2 people possible 450/mo + 11 
3 utilities. 457·8093. Alex. (314·4/18) 

Roommate wanted lor own room in Del Mar 
condo. (3BR· 2 1I2BA) Beautiful , Quiet 
Complex- Pool . Jacuzzi. Fireplace, patio, 
laundry Inside condo, close to shopping 
and freeway. Easy 10 min. to UCSD. Rent 
- $350/mo- No Deposit or last mo. 
Required. Call ; 259·6997 (Amyor Kevin) or 
481 ·S650(Tess, Brian. or Brenda) Available 
311191. (317-4115) 

Roommates wanted. Own room available 
411. $225/month. 1st and last. Call Steve, 
274·9242. (411-4111) 

Roommate wanted : Own room in a 2 
bedroom apartment aaoss from Co&1a 
Verde. $337/mo plus 112 UliHties. Cell Paul. 
535-1932. (411-4115) 

Want to make money while you are out 01 
lown this summer? Rent your house, 
apartmem or part thereof to responsible 
law students who will be clerking at Seitzer 
CapianWllklnaand McMahon in San Diego. 
Please call Maria Macias al 294·2801 . 
extension 135 lor lurther information. (411 · 
613) 

ROOMMATE WANTED: (F) To sihare larger 
master bedroom in townhouse 1.5 miles 
lrom UCSD. $250 plus 1/4 Ulli. 452·1491 . 
(411-4/11) 

Room lor rent In 2bed12balh P. B. condo 
complex w~h ree room, spa, pool. pkng. 
Option; Furnished; Own bath; Bay view. 
Avail. 418. $400 Util Incl. Call 272·3129 or 
"59-S162.(4/4-4/11) 

Room for rent. MIF. Non·smoker. Master 
bedroom In 3 bedroom condo. 1 112 miles 
Irom UCSD. $375/mo. 113 utilitieS. Avail. 
now. CalV leave message. 558·7347.(414· 
4/15) 

Female roommates wanted: Own room 
available In 2 atory. 4 bedroom Mira Mesa 
house May 1. $350/month + 114 utilities. 
Non·smoker. no drugs. and no pets. 271 · 
8349. (418-4129) 
La Jolla: all amenities Imaginable: piano, 
pool, nice patio .. . great room lemale, 
grad/med, call 597·0250. (418-4122) 

JONAmAN'S 
Immediate openings 
for Baggers at La 
Jolla Jonathan's. 
Must be available in 
theA,M. 

Apply in person at: 

Jonathan's 
7611 Fay Avenue 
uJoUa 

EOE 

Roommate wanted : (F) share large 
bedroom. LaJoliacolony,S225.251mo. +11 
4 utUities. ASAP 458·1089. (418-4/11) 
OWN ROOM in 3 bedI2 bath house, wi 
garage. ping.pong, wash/dry , gardenar, 
furniShed, 10 min. from UCSD. Great 
landlord , excellent place. no smoking. 
Available today. $350/mo. Call 274-41 39. 
(418-4l1t) 
Room for Rent - Del Mar. Ona block to 
beach. Fully furnished. Share room. $300. 
755-97t9. (418-4115) 

Female roommate for Del Mar condo. Own 
room S3121month. Available May 15. Call 
Leigh 793·0602.(4111 ) 
Room for rent $425 in great old house 
downtown La Jolla. three blocks to beach, 
patio. garden. Avall. May 1. 551 ·9395 or 
459-4541 .(4/11-4115) 

Studio condo $104.900. E.Z. financing. 
Other low priced condos available. Don 
985-2095.(4/11-4/1 5) 
Private room available in nice 4·bedroom 
University City house. Only $345/month 
(includeS utilities and laundry II) Great 
location only 8 minutes from UCSD. looking 
for a responsible EZ -going roommate. No 
drugs, smokers. or pets. Contact John, 
453·7159.(411 1 -4/18) 

The UCSD Guardian 

PERSONALS 
Wanled: Stimulating (I hope) 
correspondence with bright. brainy, 
Interesting women ages 20·35. Write Sonny 
Q .. P.O. Box 389. owa City. IA 52244.(21 
28-4/15) 

Kappa Kappa Gamma encourages 
everyona to attend the 6th annual Untted 
Cerebral Palsy Swim Meet held in the UCSD 
Natatorium on Apnl14th from 8 a.m. to t2 
p.m. Come and show supponl (4/1" 

FAT BURNING WEIGHT LOSS COOKIEI 
Sales 01 this product are well beyond our 
company's e~pectations . We need your 
help to keep up with the demand (earnings 
$25K·250K per year). Call now to schedule 
your appoinlment and recieve your FREE 
Fat Burning Weight Loss Cookie sample. 
Nutrition Needs, 689·8600. (411-4111 ) 

Come join the 'Carribean Castaways" at 
the Warren College semi·formali ll will be 
held on Friday. April 19 from 9 p.m. - 1 
a.m. at the Downtown Ramada Tickets are 
on sale lor ONLY $1 Olperson at the Price 
Center Box Off ice. Don' miss outll (4/8·41 
15) 

CilI11-800-WIIAT NOW 
(jE()I{(;(JI~ & Sll . \~~ 

Auto Acci dent Atto 

MANUFAcnlRERS 
IfANOI/ER 

Some straight 'A' 
options from EFG 

Guaranteed and non·guaranteed loans. Lines of credit. 
Flexible budgct plans. Given thc high cost of highcr 
cducation , it's cssential to have more than one 
financing option to cover your tuition costs. That's 
why The Educational Financing Group of 
Manufacturers Hanover offers a straight 'A' 
lineup of options designed to help 
you achieve your academic 
financial objectives. 

It's as casy as EFG: No one else 
offers a more comprehensive 
range of options. Because no 
one else understands your 
needs better than the 
Educational Financing 
Group. Call us at 
I-SOO-MHT-GRAD 
and go to the 
head of 
the class. 

Top3leastpopularlraHlcschoolS. 3. Crash 
and Burn Traffic School, 2. Red Asphan 
Traffic SChool, 1. The L.A. Pol ice Behavior 
Modification TraHlc SChool. The #1 most 
popular lrafflc school Is the Highway to 
HumorTrafficSchool. Dayleveningclasses, 
PBor Mission Valley. 260·1954. (4/8·4/1t) 
STUDY. WORK OVERSEAS THIS 
SUMMERlllnlo session Tuesday, April 9 
1 :30 - 3 p.m. at the International Center 
Lounge.( 418-4129) 
Screw L.A Law - Get a life - Come to 
Club Maxims $1 Drink Nights Thursdays, 
wnlve band. $3 Cover wi UCSD 10- 1250 
Prospect across from Alphonsos and 
McSnack. downtown La Jolla.(4111) 
Get out to the beach i.e. The Firehouse 
Beach Cafe. Check out our meal ticket in 
the Guardian. The summer in on its way 
and the sundeck is awaiting your arrival !! 
Aloha from the Firehouse.(4/11 ·4129) 
Hey, did you see the Che Cafe Ad? (I 
believe its on a right hand page.) Good 
Eats l (4111) 

Study or Work In Australia or New 
Zeeland!!! EAPiOAP INFO SESSION. Pick 
up EAP Applications, Learn about exciting 
OAP options. Thursday. April 11 from 2·3 
p.m. International Center Conference 
Room.(4/ tt ) 

CLASSIFIEDS 15 

I Unlimited I 
: Copies : 
I I 

: 3. ~ : 
I I I 8.5 x 11- 20# U.ht0 I 
I outofeed or selF seNe I 

with thisc~ 
I expires 5/3 1 /91 I 

.. ' SO 11 " ,ts P lrh 11()w 
l ,j.,1 (i C)2C37 

457.1007 c 

MEAL TICKET 
~h()uSl! 
2J~ach~ 

TICKET GOOD FOR 20% DISCOUNT OFF TOTAL CHECK 

SUNDECK & OCEAN VIEW DINING 
722 GRAND AVENUE • PACIFIC BEACH • 272"1999 

Expires June t5, t99t 

Achievem ent 

Educational 
Financing 

Group 



~I 

16 SPORTS 

For your 
convenience 
call ahead 

455-7229 

Costa 
Verde 
Center 
west of 

UTe 

"Best MexJun food In San Dleso" -KfMB-TV. Channel 8 

1 GOt OFF* My repIar priced JDenu Item, mytIme. 10 Just present your UCSO 10. 
'HoI"gj .... 1Ift- oIIor 0111*& 

--------------------NOW SERVINO 
",rCHERS OF lEER! 

Cinco de Mayo 
Bash 

Sunday. May 5th. 1-4 p.m. 

---------Ir---------: FREE : Save over $1 00 • 
• 
• • Soft Drink • Burrito Grande • . 1Uc.e. black beIn5. lettuce. guacamole. • 

• 

• . _, • cheese. sour awn. salsa and ume asadi • 
W1th purchase VI any 0( chicken In a IIour rortIlla & 

• menu item over $1.89. • &. soft drlnk $3" • 
• Not valid .. ~ lIlY _ """0<1POQIi. • HoI,.od .. 1I 1Ift-oIIor 0I1PIOeI. 'k~J .• 

E.p.5I1191 E.p.5Il,91 ~ 
L _________ ~ _________ ~ 

The Helen Edison Lecture Series and 
The Eugene M. Burke CSP Lectureship 

present 

"The Spiritual Life 
of Children" 

with 

Dr. Robert Coles 
Child Psychiatrist. Pulitzer Prize-winning Author. 

and HaNard Professor 

student CollOQuium 
San Francisco Room, Price Center 

Thursday, April 11, 1991,4-5:15 p.m. 

Lecture 
Peterson Hail 108-110 

Thursday, April1l. 1991. 8 p,m, 

Both events are free and open to the public. 

"un~QJ!. l(jt fout'kt1lUJ ~.r of I",U 
~ 

eur ~t'll '.(tC .c,(", .t UN dc"ntb 
bour 0' UJc ~" .na *U C01lthnlC UII 
t1:le fourU) boUt of .\Ie" CCOe It tbt eJottout 
lLtlJdlc .l4ncbcn,c. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Requirements to partie •• are: 

SPEND 1992 
IN 

COSTA 
RICA! 

Earn UC Credit through the 
Education Abroad Program 

Application Deadline: 
May 6,1991 

Thunday, April 11, 1991 

• A 3.0 GPA • Junior standing by the end of Fall Quarter 
• Two years of university·level Spanish 
Your year abroad wtlllncludIK 
• A six·week intensive language program and orientation 
• Emphasis on Central American Studies (most majors available) 
• Participation in community service projects 
• A three·week field trip to another Central American country 
Financial aid and scholarships available 
For Inlormltlon, stop by or phone the Opportunitill AbroId 0fIIce: 534-1123 

Prince Cbapel 
by the Sea 

A.M.E. Church 
7517 Cuvier St. 

La Jolla, CA 92037 
(819) 459-0272 

Church Schoo! 9:00 a .m. 
Wocsh", 10:00 a.m. 

Bible StudJ./7:00 p.m. 
Tuesday 

'reel the SpIdt. RadIo 
Broadeut KPRZ 11210 All) 

nay 81mda, 1l:3().12 ROCIIl 

Dr. K.T. caDowa" Paetor 
"A Church For People 

on the Grow· 

tiP 
Univer ily f 6an Diego 

28th Year 
Guadalajara Summer Session 

June 29-August 3, 1991 
Courses fully accredited by the Western Associa-
tion of Schools and Colleges (WASC). Spanish 
language at all levels, Bi-lingual and Special Edu-
cation including ESL and Reading Education, Art, 
Folk Dance, Literature, Folklore, History, Sociol-
ogy, Guitar, Political Science, Cross-Cultural 
Studies. Tuition: $600 for 1-8 undergraduate units, 
$640 for 1-8 graduate units. Room and board with 
a Mexican Host Home: $600. Apartment and Hotel 
accommodations available. 
For information: Guadalajara Summer Session, 
University of San Diego, Alcala Park, San Diego, 
CA 92110-2492. 

IS CHRISTIANITY 
A CHAUVINISTIC 

REbIGION? 
BolIn ,. quAIJ ..,.. yea, Wn JOIla'1lOyoaacIf. "Of 00IIII if. 
dIIItiIIIIdc ... Il' ........ wIIidl" pcapIo ia dte ... wIIida . 
Ql_tdI .......... 10 ....... '., wtidt .. 1IIeyCllllDOl 
.... ..... CCIIIIidIIrait: 

_.0rIIII ........... __ ... u~ ... 
............. 

Thursday, AprilU, 1991 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 18 
combined foronl) thre hits in a 5-
310 to Redlands (12-13). 

Down 2-0 in the ixth inning, 
UCSD moumed a threat that 
brought the Tritons right back into 
the ballgame. 

Third baseman Doran Yount led 
off the bottom halfofthe ixth with 
a single to left field. Erikk Aldridge, 
who was 4 for 4 in Saturday 's 
nightcap, reached first base on an 
error. Louie Diu (2 for 4) then 
drove in Yount with a run·scoring 
single. Aldridge scored later in the 
inning to tie the game at 2-2. 

In the eighth, Redlands' desig-
nated hitter Marc DiCarlo blasted 
a solo home run over the right field 
wall off starting pitcher Bryan 
Thomason. 

FOUR 
Continued from page 18 
Dailey and Christy Parker, who 
had little or no water polo experi-
ence, and tum them into players 
capable of competing with the 
nation's elite. 

"Almost all of [our success] is 
due to Denny," Dailey said. "Be-
cause I wouldn't have gotten any-
where without him." 

When Dailey came to UCSD, 
she wanted only to get a quality 
education and try out for the 
school's intercollegiate program. 

Two years earlier, she had de-
cided to play water polo because it 
was a way she could continue her 
athletic career after suffering a 
series of knee injuries playing 
basketball. Playing water polo for 
the national team never crossed 
her mind. Yet, less than two years 
Later she had already ascended the 
ranks and earned a promotion to 
the National "B" team. 

In that time, Harper felt that 
Dailey had developed into one of 
the premiere hole sets in the 
country. And three months ago, 
she proved it, earning a promotion 
to the "A" team. 

Watching players like Dailey 
develop into star performers has 
always been a special experience 
for Harper. However, he has had 
very few experiences in the sport 
similar to overseeing the develop-
ment of Christy Parker. 

Parker, a senior, came to the 
program four years ago with no 
previous water polo experience. 
Yet, in less than four years, she has 
climbed to the top of the water polo 
world. 

"Seeing Christy Parker make 
the national team makes me feel so 
good," Harper said. "She's the one 
who's done it. I've just been the 
one on the deck yelling at her." 

Harper yened because he saw 
the potential she had. He saw her 
speed and agility in the water, and 
knew she would be able to play the 
game. 

"My first year, I was a goof," 
Parker said. "Denny let me know 
that. He was really hard on me. 
Everything that I did wrong, he let 
me know about. But then he also 
told me the things I did right." 

With Harperpushing her, Parker 
begantodcvelopveryquickly. And 
by the middle of her first season, 
she was a starter in the Triton 
lineup. 

"It was real exciting to see how 
much I was improving." she said. 
"It really kept me going, even when 
I got frustrated." 

Acc:ordinsto Parker. waterpolo 
is one of the hardest spans to leam. 

Thoma~on quieted the Bulldogs 
tor till' rClllatmkr of the inmng. 
and left Ihe game after eight com· 
plt"te mnings traillng 3-2. 

ophomore Ryan Flanagan reo 
lieved Th mason in the ninth. 

The BuJldogs. however. Vielen't 
fi nished. Redlands racked up two 
runs on two hits to up the score to 
5-2. UCSD did have one more 
chance. 

After the Tritons' leading hit· 
ter, Anthony Sanchez, led off the 
inning with a strikeout, the Bull· 
dogs surrendered back-to-back 
walks to Steve Nowlan and E.1. 
Remer. Ernie Isola then drove in 
Nowlan, to cut the score to 5-3 
with one out. 

But DiCarlo, pitching in relief. 
iced the Triton threat by retiring 
two of the final three UCSD hitters 
on strikeouts. 

Dan McDowelllGu8/dian 
Jamie Dailey 
The combination of swimming and 
thinking do not go hand in hand. 
Yet under Harper's guiding hand, 
she has picked up the game as well 
as anyone. 

Now, as one of the team's top 
players, she can reflect on her de-
velopment by watching that of the 
three ineltperienced players who 
made the 1991 Triton squad: Erin 
Bakey, Melinda Hanley, and 
Allison Dunn. 

"I see a lot of myself - how I 
was as a freshman - in them," 
Parker said. "TIley have so much 
potential that if they stay with it 
they're going to be great. Some· 
times it's hard for them and they . 
get discouraged so I try to keep 
encouraging them. 

"I want them to understand that 
Denny's hounding them because 

The CSD Gu.'lrWan 

Brian MOI'rlslGuardian 
Anthony Sanchez, UCSD's 
leading hitter, struck out in the 
ninth inning against Redlands. 

he sees the potential they have just 
like he saw potential in me and he 
wants them to work to develop it," 
she said. 

As they develop, the new play-
ers will be able to look to national 
team standouts Kristen Larsen and 
Brenda Reiton for help. 

Larsen. a senior who is taking a 
leave of absence from the national 
team this year in order to concen-
tnlte on her studies, is regarded as 
one of the best two-meter defend-
ers in the country. In Harper' mind, 
Larsen is one of the best ever. 

"The way she plays defense is 
unbelievable," he said. 

Reiton, a junior from Texas, 
was the fourth Triton to be named 
to the national team. The best all-
around player on the team, she is a 
threat from anywhere in the pool. 

Both Larsen and Reiton had 
extensive water polo experience in 
high school and were considered 
to be top talents coming into col · 
lege. In fact, Harper believes that 
they were destined for the national 
team, 

"All of them except Christy 
Parker would have been involved 
in the national program no matter 
where they attended college," 
Harper said. "I just forced them to 
continue to improve. 

"They say good things come to 
those who work hard, and they've 
worked very hard. I'm extremely 
proud of everything they've ac-
complished," he said. 

AN AMERICAN ORICI 

"1(11~\.'l\lnfl IWm 

zoo ... surr 
l ()WIIR[l JAl'If.S OI.M<'I~ • C ... "ltlL~ "-,,'lMIIN. IO HN IINDlRSON 

rVNl o,.\I.Y • ""'Nit I \ 'Alor..l. A.-'ti Ht~ftt) Rt'Y'''' 

A l 

UCSD TUiAO COLLEGE f'!LM FESTIVAL 
APAll 14. 7:30'IO :OOpm 
PrieD Con'er fmdi tof lllfn 

FREE ADMISSION 

~po"!tornd by ThIrd Wcwld Siurli", 

AU. ____ 1 ____ .. __ 
/711 JJ-I~I -/~t::Il ., III '!:/ 

"UCSD's Best-Kept Tutorial Secret" 
Our Spring Quarter Schedule ... 

Biologyt31 
Chem6A 
Chem6B 
Chem6C 
Chem 140B 
Chem l40C 
Math2F 
Physics lC 
Physics lC 

Wed 8:30-10:3Opm and Sun 5-7pm 
Mon 8 :30-10:3Opm and Thurs 6-8pm 
Sun 5-7pm and Wed 8-1Opm 
Sun 7-9pm and Wed 4-6pm 
Tues 6-8pm and Thurs 8-lOpm 
Sun 7-9pm and Tues 8-1Opm 
Mon 6-8pm and Tues 6-8pm 
Mon 4-6pm and Tues 4-6pm 
Mon 8-lOpm and Tues 8-1Opm 

All instruction begins on or after Monday, Apri.llst 
LocIJtion: We're in Suites 1131 and 1132A of the La Jolla 
Village Professional Center. Right behind the Elephant Bar 
and El Torito restaurants, just across hom campus! 
Registration: Register by phone or in person. Only 24 spaces 
available in each session. Any UCSD student may attend a 
free first seuion to evaluate our program, and your satisfac-
tion is guaranteed. Oasses wait-list, so enroll soon! 
Fees: Course fees are $150 per class. Qualified financial aid 
students may enroll for $125 per class. Hasta! 
Questions? Call us lOam-Midnight, at 1r 1r 1r 455-1000 

I 20% OFFl DAILY WEAR (Cooperthin) ........................... $89 EXTENDED WEAR (B & L, 03104) ................ $105 IMMEDIATE REPlACEMENT ~;:u~J~~~.::: :::::::::::: : ::: ::: : :::::: ::: ::::: :: :: : : ::: ::: ::: :~:gg 
BROWN EYES BLUE (Myopes only) ............ $199 
- :c.,...,. ......... ·OII1mM.·Ln ........ • ... .-
___ ... ..,....(,.......,· ......... • ......... IoII·fII 
__ .... ·1'tIHIeI1II_PJIIIIJIIlI·oe. .. bJw1dIln .. 

·OIIJ ........... ,... 

I A SECOND PAIR OF CONTACT I 
I LENSES OR BACKUP I 
I GLASSES WHEN PURCHASED I WITH A PAIR OF CONTACTS 

Wesley·.lesen (OW) ............................................. $22.00 
Softmale (OW) .................................................... $25.00 
B&L 04 (EW) .................. .................................... $29.00 
B&L lJ4 ...................... ......................................... $21.00 
CIBA TINT .................................................. .. ...... $39.00 L (OII.,explree4f.J!Wl) ..I ~~~~~-or---------""" - - - - - - -~~;r;i~~~~~i~~~~~:;!9 

for 4 boxes with current AX 

8780 Miramar Rd. 
II Mirwnar & Commerce behind Carl'sJr. VISIONCARE MasterCard & Visa aocepIed 578·6796 East County ...... 



/ 

IS SPORTS 

KEEPING SCORE , >::--~'. ~'.:: __ 

More Elitist Talk 
About Baseball 
YES, IT'S SPRINGTIME. AND that means only one thing 

- yet another column 
about why ba eball i a holy 
thing, why you'd better sell off 
all your ew York Giant 
pennant and Michael Jordan T-
shirts and inve t in a g d 
ba eball cap. Make ure you get 
the real kind, the one wi thout the 
plaMic strip thing in the back . 

You ' ve heard all of thi~ 
before. Too many times. 

The glory of ba eball. The 
symmetry ofba 'eball. I don ' t 
"now h w many writers and 
intellectual have wri tten thei r 
own paean to the game. The fa t 
that the return of baseball every 
'pring i ju t like life itself - it 
keep coming back, renewed, 
even though orne old voice are 
ilent and new one have taken 

their place. 

I T'S ALL an appealing philo 0 -phy, thi belief in baseball. 
And I buy into mo t of it. I've 
said many times that baseball is 
pretty much the only religion I 
have. It means a lot to me. 

But I hate people who try to 
impose their personal religiou 
belief on other people. You 
know the type, the drones who 
come up to you and try to 
convince you to go to a Bible 
Study. Tho e who a k about your 
beliefs and - if you don't give 
them a atisfactory answer - tell 
you that you'll be eternally 
damned if you don't read their 
cartoon book. 

So 1 try and restrain my elf 
from converting people to 
ba eball. I don't hand out flyers 
with Honu Wagner, Babe Ruth, 
and Hank Aaron (the holy 
trinity?) on them, nor do I equate 
Pete Rose with Jim Bakker. 

T here are, however, some thing that I can't help 
doing. If I pas someone with a 
baseball team's logo on their 
clothing, e pecially on that 
holie t of time , opening day, I 
can't help but giving them a 
mile. 

Perhap a nod of the head. 
You know, I think to my elf. 
You've found the Olle True Path . 

But I'm not going to explain 
why I love the game again, 
e pecially to people who have 
made up their mind that the only 
gratification port can provide i 
from some 300-pound Neander-
thal with teroid- oaked mu c\e 
falling on top of a guy who 
wears more padding than an 

See SCORE, Page 13 

SPORTS 
TIle UCSD Guardian 

FABFOUR 
Jamie Dailey, Kristen Larson, Christy Parker, 
and Brenda Reiton have combined their 
different levels of experience to become the 
nucleus of the UCSD women's water polo team 

By Brian \tow 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSD i one of the nation' finest academic in ti -
tution , known more for it proximity to the beach 
than for it athleti program. 

So what i th Triton' women ' water polo tearn 
doing placing four member on the USA Senior Na-
tional "An team? 

Credit Triton Head Coach Denny Harper, who is 
among the nation' fine t developmental coaches. 

Thursday, April 11, 1991 

He has been able to take people uch as Jamie 
See FOUR, Page 17 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 
Christy Parker was a "goof" in her first year; now she's on the national team. 

Bats Go Silent 
In 5-3 Loss 
• Baseball strikes out 11 times 
and gets only three hits in loss 
By Rex Grayner 
Staff Writer 

UCSD baseball Head Coach Lyle Yate and 
the Tritons thought they might have something 
up their sleeve when they hosted Redlands 
Tuesday. After all, 26 games into the year isn't 
too late to get things rolling. Or is it? 

The same team that exploded for 28 runs in a 
doubleheader versus Menlo last Saturday took 
the field Tuesday with hopes to rekindle the 
firepower they had displayed three days before. 

Instead, the Triton bats went down meekly in 
defeat. 

Brien Morrl.tGuardian 
Ryan Flanagan relieved Bryan Thomason in the ninth and gave up two runs on two hits. 

The Tritons (11-16) struck out 11 times and 
See BASEBALL, Page 17 

Softball Swept by CSUDH, Losing Streak at FIVe 
By Greg Wrenn 
Staff Writer 

After soaring to a 10-3 record 
two weeks ago, the UCSD oftball 
team set its ight on the playoffs. 
But, on the heels of a 3-2, 4-1 
sweep by CSU Dominguez Hills 
Tuesday, the Triton (13-12) have 
found the flight to the post eason 
interrupted by turbulence. 

Dianna Moreno opened on the 

mound for UCSD against the 
Toros, but was the victim of five 
errors by the defense. 

The Tritons were not without 
their chances, however. Trailing 
3-0 heading into the seventh inning, 
short top Dana Chaiken lined a 
triple into the gap in right-center, 
closing the score to 3-2. 

With two out, Stephanie Molina 
grounded to the right side of the 

infield to end the game. 
Kathy Fogg took the mound in 

the second game, and UCSD took 
a 1-0 lead in the fourth inning. The 
lead, however, was short-lived and 
CSUDH surged ahead for the win. 

"We should have won the game. 
We just couldn't hold on, though, 
against [Dominguez Hills]. One 
nm isn't much of a lead," Head 
Coach Melissa Jarrell said. 

Jarrell was also concerned about 
the defensive woes which have 
plagued the Tritons: "We need less 
errors. It • s a problem because they 
all come at one time. It's just that 
[big] inning that kills us." 

The Tritons have now lost five 
in a row heading into this weekend, 
when they host their own tourna-
ment against Claremont, BYU, and 
USD. 

GoH Clubs Sagehens 312-316 
• Thomas, Abraham record 
rounds of 76 at the Mountain 
Meadows Golf Course 
By Peter Ko 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD golf team took advantage of a 
pair of four-over-par 76s from Devin Thomas 
and Dale Abraham to notch a 312-316 win over 
the Pomona-Pitzer Sagehens Monday after-
noon in Pomona. 

Tritons' scoring foursome with a 79, and 
Matt Stottem rounded out the group with a 
nine-over-par Sl. 

Jeremy Moe finished fifth among the 
Tritons, missing the cut with a 14-0ver-par 
S6. 

Pat Krause was sixth for UCSD with an 
IS-over-par 90. 

Yesterday, the Tritons traveled to the Si-
erra La Verne Country Club for a dual match 
with La Verne. Results were unavailable at 
press time. 

GuMIan FIle f'IIoIo 
Matt Stottern finished fourth among the 
Tritons with a nine-over-par 81. 

Pomona's Rick Winn was the day's medal-
ist with a three-over-par 75 on the Sagehens' 
home course, the 6,509-yard, par-72 Mountain 
Meadows Golf Course. 

Bob Meyerson was the third member of the 

UCSD's next meet is tomorrow when the 
Tritons again face La Verne, this time at 
UCSD's home course of Torrey Pines South. 

Tee-off is set for I p.m. 


