
.0PtI0N 
The mini~ dilemma 

has already hit the San 
Diego Slate area - and the 
University City area may be 
next. Senior Staff Writer 
Kent Korzon says that many 
srudcnts and other San 
Diego renters will be 
'screwed' by these new 
regulations/PAGE 4 

• FEATURES 
Shark? "Wet lab space" 

ar the Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography's Experimen-
tal Aquarium allows some 
researchers the opponunity 
to get up close and personal 
with ocean friends •.. and 
foesiPAGE 7 

+HlATUS 
Madonna, the Queen of 

Controversy, has done it 
again. First,Ihere was her 
"Vogue" stunt at the MTV 
Music A wards, then her 
scandalous "Uke a Prayer" 
and "Justify my Love" 
videos. Now it's her "tell all" 
documental)', "Truth or 
Dare," which is guaranteed to 
raise eyebrowsIPAGE HI 

• SPORTS 
Robyn Inaba of me 

UCSD women's tennis team 
was eliminated from the 
second round of Ihe Division 
m singles championships by 
Jacqueline Aurelia. Inaba 
suffered from problems with 
her feet thfOUlhout the 
tournament, but ltillman-
qed a fil'lll-round win over 
Traci ADen of Sweet BriIr 
CoIJeaeIPAGE16 

INDEX ... 
I.JC:SD c-. ............... 2 
~ .•.................... 4 
FIIIlW88 •..••..•••••••.•.... 7 
tiIaI&a •••••••••••••••••••• H1 
~ ••••.•....•••••••••.•• 18 

Annie Sostrln/Guardian 
LGBA Co-Chair Tony Valenzuela and his parents at the Anti-Hate Rally yesterday 

LGBA Holds Rally Against Hate Crimes 
By Melinda Hamilton 
Associate News Editor 

In an effon to strike out again t hate crimes 
and homophobia, UCSD's Le bian, Gay, and 
Bisexual A ociation (LGBA) held a rally ye -
terday afternoon on the step of the UCSD 
Main Gym. 

Several students, staff, and faculty spoke to 
a crowd of approximately 200 people. Repre-
sentatives from variou group such as the 
Disabled Student Union, Movimiento 
Estudiantil Chicano Aztlan, Student P ycho-
logical Service, the Women's Re ource Cen-
ter, and the Student Affill11ative Action Com-
mittee were also on hand to present statements 
expressing support for LGBA. 

Tape recordings of hate messages left on the 
answering machine in the LGBA office were 
also played. None of the callers - all appar-
ently male with the exception of one - identi-
fied themselves, and most of the calls contained 
swearing as well as labels such as "faggot." 

Acts of hate directed at the LGBA and its 

members inc rea ed over the last two week , 
possibly becau e the organization was plan-
ning to hold a semi-fonnal dance in the Price 
Center Ballroom on May I I. 

Th day before the dance, the LG BA office 
received a particularly chilling me sage. 

"I highly recommend that the dance be 
cancelled. If you don ' t, I will b mb it," a soft, 
compo ed male voice threatened. "My friend 
and I will place bombs all around ... " 

Although several student considered not 
attending the dance, the event continued a 
planned and was, according to thi year's 
LGBA co-chairs Cheli Mohamed and Steve 
Simmons, a resounding ucces . 

Mohamed, who helped organize the dance, 
said that she al 0 con idered not attending, but 
changed her mind. 

"I realized that I had given in," she ex-
plained. "We worked hard for it. . .. It was our 
event. " 

She added that she believed LGBA would 
See LGBA, Page 6 

First 'Mini-Dorm' 
Legislation Passed 
• New law will affect student 
housing in area around SDSU 
By Eric Schmidt 
Staff Writer 

The an Diego County C unc il voted 5-1 
on Tuesday to approve "mini-don,,"legi!'. la-
tion around the San Diego tate niver!'.ity 
area. 

The 'mini-donn'law wi II limit the number 
f adults who can rent a house. and incrca~e~ 

enforcement of housi ng 1m ~ in the ~ingle­
residence neighborho tb around OS . 

itywidc or linances had been under con:-.id-
eration earlier this year. but only the 0 U 
area will be affected . 

Much of the housing that wi ll be affected 
by the law is of the type usuall rented by 
college ~tudents. UC 0 students and admin-
istrators have fought the legislation. ~ayi ng it 
unfairly increases students' living costs. 

The law was designed in an attempt to 
address complaints that high-densi ty l,tudent 
housing create noise and other problem~ in 
family-oriented neighborhoods. 

The new law could be a prccul'!'.or to city-
wide ordinances which may affect C 0 a~ 
earlyas 1993. The current lawbecomeseffec-
tive in 30 days. but th se already holding 
leases will have one year to comply. 

Following that year, there will be a ne-
year trial period after which citywide ordi-
nan es will be considered. 

A.S. Vice President of Extemal Affair~ 
Siamek Malek said that both himself and 
others believe that the c unci l may pass a 
citywide ordinance even if the law doesn't 
seem to work well. 

During the meeting, City Council Repre-
sentative Judy McCarty pushed for a shorter 
trial period so that citywide ordinances may 
be considered before the full two years have 
passed. "If we can do [a trial period] quicker 
than six months, it would be appreciated," 
McCarty said at the meeting. 

McCarty also asked for a shorter time 
period "before non-confoll11ing users can be 
pushed out" of the affected single-res idence 
housing. "Our objective is to have [legisla-
tion] in place before this fall when students 
come back to schooL" 

See MINI-DORMS, Page 11 

New Campus Entrance and Intersection Open Today 
• Entrance expected to alleviate traffic problems and improve shuttle route 
By Rachel Blackburn 
Staff Writer 

The switching on of traffic light 
today at the newly constructed in-
tersection on North Torrey Pine / 
La Jolla Village Drive will mark the 
opening of a new main entrance, as 
well as the clo ing of two older 
entrances on the Revelle College 
end of campu . 

The new southwe t entrance, 
which intersect with the newly-
completed Scripps Aquarium-Mu-
seum access road, will replace en-
trances at the Nonh Torrey Pine 
Road/La Jolla Village Drive inter-
section and at Revelle parking Lot 
102. 

According to UCSDSenior Plan-
ner Marilyn Cox, a number of plan-
ning studies over the past five years 
recommended a more direct and 
recognizable linkage between the 
Scripps Institution of Oceanogra-
phy and the central UCSD campu . 

This will be accompli hed with the 
new road . 

"It is a very important linkage," 
she said. 

The new entrance is part of phase 
oneofthecampus loop road project. 
According to project manager and 
civil engineer Jim Bonner, phase 
two of the project will tart at the 
beginning of July and end in De-
cember. The project will involve 
the connect ion of theLa Jolla Shores 
entrance to the new signal inter ec-
tion, thereby creating a complete 
campus loop. 

According to Cox, this will mean 
that once people enter the UCSD 
campus, they will not have to use 
public roads to get around. 

"One of our goals is to limit 
future traffic congestion in that once 
we get people on campus, they're 
not u ing city streets to get around 
on it," he said. 

Cox added that the Mandell 

The new southwest entrance to the UCSD campus is expected to 
cut down on traffic from patrons of the two nearby Weiss Theaters. 
Wei s Theaterand the newly opened 
Weiss Forum will bring a lot of local 
citizen to campus, and that plan to 
build a third theater suggest a con-

tinuation of the trend. 
"The new entrance will have a 

significant visual impacllo the whole 
See ENTRANCE, Page 6 



2 NEWS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 
Guardian Wins 12 Awards in College 
Newspaper DeSign Contest 

The Guardia" was honored recently with 12 awards in 
the Society of New paper Design and University of 
Missouri School of Joumali m's student new paper de-
sign contest. 

The Guardia", which received the most awards in the 
competition, was awarded first place for ovemll design. 
Design Editor James Collier was named "College De-
signer of the Year." 

"It 's a tribute to all the hard work that went into the 
redesign process this year." 'aid Editor in Chief Phil 
Gruen. "Now we have a strong foundation on which ftoJ 
build in the future." 

Graphic Edit rs Jeff Quan and Mel Marcelo received 
first place. second place, and honorable mention awards 
for their work on information graphics. 

TIle Guardian also received honors for sports page 
des ign (2nd place and honorable mention), commentary 
page design (I st place and honorable mention), and 
emenainment page de ign (I st place, 2nd place. and 
honorable mention). 

The comest, the re uhs of which were announced May 
13. was open to all college new ' papers in the U.S. 

FROM OTHER CAMPUSES 
Flyers Posted On UCSB Campus 
Accuse Provost, Chancellor of Sexism 

SANTA BARBARA -Flyers attacking College of 
Letters and Science Provost David Sprecher for allegedly 
exploiting fema le members of his staff covered the UCSB 

The UCSD Guardian 

campus recently. 
lbeflyers were found posted in various places around 

campus on Monday, including Storke Plaza, the University 
Center, and the Arbor. 

11le posters follow on the heels of the discovery thai 
Sprecher was forced to leave his post because of repeated 
romantic entanglements with members of his staff. 

One of the posters contained a picture of a naked man with 
Sprecher's head pasted on it, saying, "EXPLOITTIUS MAN ... 
A second flyer showed a woman's nude torso with the words 
"THIS IS HOW YOUR PROVOST SEES YOU," next to a 
photocopy of Chancellor Barbara Uehling's face and the 
word, "AND YOUR CHANCELLOR DOESN'T CARE." 

Although no one has claimed responsibility for the flyers, 
Shamimn Samano, a member of the Associated Students 
Student Lobby, said he knew who made them. "It was a small 
core of people, but I think that they spoke for a lot of people;' 
he aid. 

The recent crop of posters follows a flyer di tributed 
several weeks ago encouraging women graduati ng this yearto 
"Say no to agraduation in front of these hypocrites." The flyer 
featured pictures of Uehling, Sprecher, and Vice Chancellor 
of Academic Affairs Gordon Hanlmes next to a Daily Nexus 
story exposing Sprecher's sexual indiscrelions. 

Samano said she was unaware of any correlation between 
the fi rst batch of flyers and the current ones, and refused to 
divulge any other information regarding the new flyers. 

UCLA Students Link Campus Spy 
Ring To Student's Arrest In Taiwan 

LOS ANGELES - Siudent spies at UCLA provided 
Tai wan . s Kuomintang govemment with information that led 
to the arresl of a UCLA graduate student, said fellow graduate 
tudel1l Chih-Chen Lo at a campus protest recently. 

Loand acrowdofalmo t60gathered outside Murphy Hall 
to present a petition to Chancellor Charles Young, who has 
spoken to Taiwaneseofficials about the arrest. Young pledged 
on Tuesday to speak to them again. 

ThepurposeoflheUCLAprotestandthepetition-which 
wa igned by 300 people - was to condemn the activities of 
tudent spies on campus and to how upport for Jenran Chen. 

the UCLA student recently arre ted along with three others on 
charges of sedition in Taiwan. 

The Kuomintang government last week accused Chen of 
belonging 10 a Taiwanese independence group and charged 
him with sedition, a crime punishable by dealh in Taiwan. 

Kuomintang officials used Chen's study of Taiwanese 
history and his involvement in the UCLA Taiwanese Student 
A ociation (TSA) as evidence against him, said Lo, who is 

• The temperatures 
for Friday, Saturday, 
and Sunday in San 
Diego County: 

• Weather outlook: 

San Diego 
70-68-67 r-;->,,-,+-_ 

Pacific Ocean 

FRIDAY THROUGH SUNDAY 
Night and morning low clouds. 
Summer like weekend weather 
in the daytime with 
temperatures 
at a cooling trend. 

Period 
(Seconds) 
12 

Swell 
Direction 

NW 

Average temperature 
for sea/air is 
66 degrees. 
Surfing conditions: 
FAIR TO GOOD 

Thursday, May 23, 1991 

also a TSA member. 
Since 1949, the Kuomintang government has been 

ruled by martial law with all individual rights and freedoms 
uspended. The study of Taiwanese history has also been 
outlawed in an effort to suppres Taiwanese independence 
movements. 

Lo said someone on canlpuS mustbe informing Taiwan's 
Bureau oflnvestigation. The agency respon ible for Chen 's 
arrest knew of the historical material he was studying, Lo 
added. 

Regents Name Karl Pister of UCB 
As Interim Chancellor for UCSC 

SANTA CRUZ - A faculty member and administra-
tor at the UC Berkeley campus has been named interim 
chancellor at the UC Santa Cruz campus. 

Karl Pister, who recently completed 10 years as dean of 
Berkeley's College of Engineering, has been asked by UC 
President David Gardner to serve at Santa Cruz for up to 
two years. beginning August. I, 1991. He succeeds Chan-
cellor Robert Steven ,who announced hi re ignation last 
January. 

Pister's appointment was approved by the UC Board of 
Regents at its meeting in Irvine last Friday. 

Currently a professor of engineering science at Berke-
ley, Pister concluded a decade as dean of the College of 
Engineering last year. 

Pister, 65, earned his Ph.D. in theoretical and applied 
mechanics from the University of lIIinois at Urbana-
Champaign, after taking his bachelor's and master's de-
grees at Berkeley. 

Pisterhas served aschairman and vice chairman of both 
departmental and faculty senate units, capped by his t.enure 
in 1979-80 as chainnan of the Universitywide Academic 
Council and Assembly of the Academic Senate -the top 
academic government po ition in the university - and 
faculty representative to the UC Board of Regents. Since 
July, he has been on sabbatical leave. 

Roy Brophy, chairofthe Board of Regems, said, "The 
regents congratulate and commend Dean Pister as he 
applies his energy, skill , and talent to this new challenge. 
We also commend Chancellor Stevens for having guided 
the Santa Cruz campus through an imponant period in its 
growth and development, and we wish him we)] in his 
scholarly and professional endeavors." 

Stevens, UCSC's fifth chancellor, is stepping down 
after four years of service. He will take a sabbatical leave 
and then join the Washington, D.C.law firm of Covington 
& Burling as a member of the firm's London counsel. 

GUAKnIAN 
pttL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, Mantlglng Editor 
LES BRUVOlD, AnoN'" Spcm Editor 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, MsocIefe Feetures Editor 
JAMES COWER, DesIgn Editor 
Bill DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MEUNDA HAMILTON, AssocIlIte NBws Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, AMIocIate News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, AnoNte Atts Editor 
HEA THEA HOI.. TZCLAW, Associllte Sports Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, ArtsIEnfertBInment Editor 
PETER KO, Spotts Editor 
JENNIFER KOLSKY, Phofo Editor 
KENT KORZON, MsocIefe Copy Editor 
Mel MARCELO, MsocIefe Graphics Editor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, AssocIlIte FfIIIIures Editor 
BRIAN MORfIS, As80cUtte Photo Edttor 
JEFF QUAM, GraphIcs Editor 
JASON SNELL, NtIwtI Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, Fetltures Editor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, AmtEntwflllnment Editor 

BOB DeANDREA, Business MlInflger 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising "'an.r 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising DeSigner 
E.lEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
AcNtI1i!i!g ~: Sherry e ............ Tom ScIn. Dw.I ShaddIo. Karia s......,. 
Motniling ~: leannt BeIorOe. Dat>eI CaM. PaolO Vallltlld 
Cirtulotlon: Danoe! CiM. Joe lee. Mrg lJI 

Thursday, May 23, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Central Library Renovation Passes Halfway Point 
By Wileen Wong 
Staff Writer 

As the huge pile of din south of 
Central Library grows maller,canl-

- pus con truction officials say that 
the library's addition project is over 
halfway to completion. 

The con truction of phases one 
and two of the library is currently 
cheduled to be completed by June, 
1992. The additional structure that 
is being added 0010 the existing 
library tower will double the size of 
the building. 

According to John Sturla. project 
manager and enior architect for tile 
library construction projects, "the 
new edition is 60 percent com-
pleted." Sturlasaid that officials hope 
the new addition to the library will 
be completed by February of next 
year. The din pile, Sturla added, 
should be removed later this year or 
by Fall Quarter, 1991. 

The first part of the project, ac-
cording to Sturla, includes the addi-
tion of "two floors of library space 
that surrounds the tower." Libmry 
administration, pecial collections, 
and music collections will occupy a 
portion of the new pace. The re-
maining space will be used for the 
Science and Engineering Library, 
moved from its current location in 
Urey Hall. 

"There will also be a lot more 
tudy area for the students," Stu ria 

said. 
After the first phase of the Cen-

tral Library project is completed, 
the second phase will begin imme-
diately. At that time, a number of 
people will have to move for a sec-
ond time, Sturla said. The second 
phase consists of the renovation of 
the tower, which will be under the 
direction of contractor Douglas 
Bumhan. The reason for the divi-
sion of the project into two parts was 
to let the contractor become fanlil -

Alex Klyusner/Guardian 
The Central Library Addition project , now '60 percent completed, ' 
will double the space of the library when finished in mid-1992. 

iarwith thejobduring its first phase. 
"There is a lot of overlapping," 

Sturla said. 
The renovation of the tower will 

include the installation of fire sprin-
klers, upgrades to mechanical sys-
tems, replacement of tiles in the 
building, reconfiguration of book 
layout , bracing the book stacks 
against earthquakes, and the addi-
tion of an elevator to improve circu-
lation. 

"There will be a much fre her 
look throughout, though the changes 
won't be very noticeable from the 
outside," Sturla aid. 

The project has fallen a few 
weeks behind schedule due to in-
clement weather, according to 
Sturla. 

"The project seem tobemoving 
quite well," he said. HI am quite 
pleased with the overall project." 

According to Sturla, there have 
been no recent complaints. "lnitially, 
people needed to get used to the 
location .. . . People have gotten used 
to it." 

I n reference to any constructional 
problems, Sturla aid that "there 
have been some need to correct the 
perimeter lighting, but that has been 
taken care of. II was fairly minor. .. 
There ha al 0 been some drainage 
problems that the project has helped 
to resolve." 

"The goa! was to keep the library 
open all the time. It would have 
been easier to tell everyone to go 
away for tWO years. We have made 
a real effon to work with the li-
brary:' Sturla said. "People have 
come to understand the need for 
change. I hope that everyone will be 
happy with the additional space." 

The current entrance,located on 
the north side of the library' first 
floor, will continue to be the only 
one open until the project i com-
pleted. 

"With the addition on three sides 
of the building, there is no other 
place to put it," Sturla aid. "We 
hope that people will be a lillie more 
patient. [ think people will under-
stand." 

A.S. Votes Pay Raises For Councilmembers 
• College senators will be paid a stipend for the first time 
By Sheryl WolcoH 
Staff Writer 

TheAS.Council voted last night 
to increase the weekly stipends of 
paid council members, including 
executives, officers, and commis-
sioners, by an eight to five majority, 
with ix abstentions. 

The salary increases will take 
effectJuly I, meaning thattheraises 
will begin with councilmembers 
currently in office. 

The A.S. pre ident will receive 
$1 OOa week r.llherthan $75, and the 
vice presidents' weekly salary will 
increase from $60 to $80. Also, 
commissioners and ex-officio of-
ficers will be paid $60 instead of 
$40aweek,andthe tipendofas is-
tants, such as the assistant student 
advocate, will rise from $30 to $40 
a week. 

In addition, at the recommenda-
tion of former A.S. President John 
Edson. the council raised the sti-
pend of the commissioner of pro-
gramming to the level of the vice-
presidents because of the position 's 
workload. The commissioner of 
programming's yearly salary will 

. increase from $1,200 to $2,400. 
The council also voted to begin 

paying enaLOrs $15 a week, begin-
ning with tho e who erve for the 
1992-93 year. Until now, senators 
have not been paid, but as an in-
creasing number and more specific 
duties have been outlined for the 
po it ion. AS. members felt it nec-

essary to provide a stipend for sena-
tors. 

Before approving the raises, the 
council debated not on whether the 
increases are neces ary, but when 
they should take effect. 

One proposal called for the in-
creases not to be implemented until 
the next council takes office, while 
the approved proposal raise the 
stipends of councilmembers cur-
rently in office. 

Thecouncil generall y agreed that 
the present stipends were not suffi-
cient. Student GovemmentAdvisor 
Randon Woodard pointed out that, 
"the salary bases, compared 10 other 
campuses, are low." 

AS. Vice President External 
Siamak Malek argued thatlhe time 
required to hold an A.S. position 
limits a councilmember's ability to 
hold an outside job. "This money is 
going to give us the financial sup-
port to put in hours for our position. 
The money should not affect our 
performance, but it does," he said. 

"Fees have gone up this year, 
things have gotten expensive," com-
mented Muir College Senior Sena-
tor Mama Riser. "Every little bit 
helps, especially the way prices are 
rising." 

Commis ioner of Operations, 
Services, and Enterprises Paul 
Wilcox said ,"ifthesejob de ervea 
raise, they deserve them now - not 
next year, not three years from now." 

A.S. Vice President Admini tra-

tive Mike Holmes agreed, advocat-
ing that the councilmembers "de-
personalize"theirdecision and VOle 
to increase alaries solely on the 
basis of need. 

" [t 's all or nothing. Otherwise 
you're making it a personal thing," 
he aid. 

Others, however, disagreed. 
"Elhically, it 's wrong. Youdon ' t 

vote yourself or anyone you work 
closely wilh a pay rai e," said War-
ren College junior Clipper Dolan, 
who attended the meeting. "It 's 
crazy ... it would be a bad example 
that would last throughout the year. 
It would be a blemish on your 
record." 

Commis ionerof Academic Af-
fairs Monique Bugarin also argued 
against the raises, saying, HI don't 
think these stipends were made to 
make up for being able to work. [ 
don 'I feel that the absense of money 
should affect your performance. [ 
don't understand why people are 
putting such emphasis on money." 

AS. President Agustin Orozco 
said he was strongly opposed to Ihe 
council voting in its own raises. 
"It's not businesslike to vole to 
change the way you're being paid 
when you're in [a paid po ition]," 
he said. 

The debate over stipend rai es 
came during a lengthy A.S. meet-
ing, in which the council also voted 
on the breakdown of the 1991-92 
Executive Budget. 

NEWS 3 

YAKtUONO 
Japanese' Food 

GRAND OPENING 
SPECIALS 

Teriyaki Chicken, 
beef, or pork served with soup, 

sal'ld and ric~ 

Teriyaki Chicken with I'egetable 
tempura or Ca li fo rnia roll with 

soup, salad & rice 
LUNCH $3.99 LUNCH $4.50 
DINNER $4.75 DINNER $5.95 

r-FRHSU5HIWITH-ORDER-' 
L wrm TI llS AD. Exp.S/3t/91 ...I 
------------------~~m.2pmoft.moons La Jolla Colony Plaza 452.4255 ng:rt~~S;;~') 7728 Regents Rd. #50 I (Vans ~hopping Cenler) 

Closed Sundays Eat jll or take Ollt. We also services. 

R.ady for • N.w and OiHtr.nt 

(14 SPRING FLING? 
Need a final push to lift your GPA? 

00 you want to sludy smart9l, not 
harder? 

~ TryliJe 
V O~S,~ 

STUDY MANAGEMENT CENTER 
For Inlormalion. call ~·7344 USB 4010 

FREE! FREE! FREE! {£Y 

LET ME 
INTERVIEW YOU! 

Changing Careers? 
Recenl Graduate? 

Just entering the workplace? 
Pcrsormcl·Human Resource profm ional 
wi tl interv iew and coach you on the 
teChniques and confidence you;1CCd 10 
lurn an interview inlo a job. 
For appoinlment call : 

V-MOCK IT YOURSELF 
(619) 672·0751 

Evening and ~eek.nd appointments 
Resume Writing A . ,ilabl. 

For a 12·page Inlormatlon brochure en 
lechniques that can turn an Interview Into a 
job. send $5.00 10: ~MOCK IT YOURSELF, 

9921 Carmetllountaln Rd., Sulle 156, 
San Otego, CA 92129. 

Just for UCSD Students! 
Healthy minds nourished with fresh, 

cooked-to-order Mexican food from Salsa Rio 
• NO LARDS' NO PRESERVATIVES' CHOLESTEROL FREE 

99¢ 
BEEF 

TACOS 
Hours: 
l tam·llpmdally 

La Jolla Colony Plaza 

I FREEl 
I Beverage I 
I with any I L combination -.J 

FREEl 
II Bean & Cheese II 

Burrito 
I with any specials I 

~r~t~m~u~ 
Dine in or 
lake out 7770 Regents Rd. {next to Vons} 453·4050 

FINALS 

89. 
per week 

SPECIAL 

Need help speaking 
or writing English? 

~ Call 
The 

READING COVE 

Serving La lolla/Nort h County 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 
1fIt.~~~~!O- Call lor details' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Not a te~rary water loss ' Reduce cellulite and stretch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSO 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455·0909 E xp~es 612019 1 



OPINION 
4 OPINION The UCSO Guardian Thur day, May 23, 1991 

COMMENTARY 
Combatlna Overcrowding - The San Diego City Council has recently implemented housing regulations around San Diego State University 
to "protect the low.:crensity qualities and characteristics of single residence neighborhoods [such as quiet, solitude, and prlvacyr in the area Two years from now, 
the council will study the effectiveness of the regulations and possibly extend them to other areas in San Diego, The heW regulations for the SDSU area are: 

• For every adult living in a 
rented ~ 

~I 
II ~I II 

• 80 square feet per 
person per bedroom in 
addition to one bathroom 
per four people is 
required. 

• A shared area of 150 
square feet other than a 
bathroom, kitchen, or 
bedroom is required. 

Jeff Quan/Guardian 

The Mini- Dilelriiii~ 
- New housing regulations are a case of greed and deception 

By Kent Konon, Senior Staff Writer 
You can call them a lot of names, but you can't 

call them stupid. Like our own administration, the 
San Diego City Council knows how to get the dirty 
work done. 

With a five to one vote, our elected officials have 
decided to enforce their new rental-housing regula-

tions around San Diego State 

_ BY THE NUMBERS 

I III I • W.h~re students 
are liVing: 

69% Off-campus housing 
25% On-campus housing 

4% Graduate/Married Housing 
2% UCSD·owned housing units 

Source: UCSD Housing 

University ... for now. 
What may seem like a 

victory for UCSD tudents is 
actually the first nail in their 
coffin. 

Knowing that they could 
never force all their bitter 
poison down our throats at 
once, the council has decided to 
slip it in a few drops at a time. 

By the time most people 
realize what's happened, it'll be 
too late. 

As the council paints the 
picture, college students who cram themselves, their 
cars, and their stereos into houses around town create 
a nuisance that should be dealt with by any respon-
sible legislators. 

This seems reasonable enough on the surface, but 
it is sure to be just the first step in the long, pre-
determined process of establishing cily-wide 
restrictions on what can be rented to whom. 

While most renters can breathe easily for a while, 
in two years, after looking at the results of its dirty 
work, the council will be back to haunt us. 

Over 60 percent of UCSO's students live off-
campus, and in the end, many of us will be affected 
(read: screwed) by these regUlations. And we're not 

the only ones. All renters in San Diego will be 
affected by this, and the vast majority of them aren't 
students. 

The "mini-<lorm issue" is a case of greed and 
deception, and the council's overall strategy is 
masterful. 

When the subject was brought up, most non-
students just didn't care about it After all, it's a 
"student" problem, they said. Even some students 
didn't really care. They said they were graduating. 

Why this apathy? The term "mini-<lonn" leads 
almost everyone to assume this legislation is designed 
for and limited to tudents, when it's not. 

Through some clever word play, the vast majority 
of San Diego's renters didn't think it applied to them. 

And they won't know what hit them. 
Using a few rowdy students as an excuse, rental 

property owners found a nifty way to increase profits. 
It's simple economics. The same number of renters 
will be forced to rent more units, 

As the relative supply of housing is reduced, the 
demand for it is going to rise, and so will the rent and 
the propeny value. 

More owners will just make more money, and 
more contractors will get to build more apanments for 
the even more lucrative business of renting. 

Like all good actors, our politicians maintained an 
aura of objectivily, patienlly listening to the pros and 
cons - even going so far as to delay the date of their 
"decision," ostentatiously to allow for more input. 

In reality, once the council saw a way to pull more 
money into the city coffers, there was no question about 
its passage, only on how to get us to swallow it. . 

Yesterday's vote was just a formality. Had this not 
been the case, there would have been quite a stir made a 

See MINI-DORMS, Page 10 

Thursday, May 23, 1991 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Never Trust Statistics 
LGBA Bomb Threat Article Apalling Editor: Zachary Berman sure knows how to use 

and abuse statistics. In his statement against 
affinnative action (Guardian, May 16), 
Bennan argued quasi-elegantly for the plight 
of blacks in poverty. Then ... stop the presses . .. 
he revealed that white compri e 68.5% of 
Americans below the poverty level. For him, 
this statistic proved that "favoriti sm" towards 
blacks would only be denying the greater 
masses of poor in America. I'm orry, but (hat 
68.5% doesn ' ( prove a thing without more 
information. Hey, what's this? A copy of the 
"US Bureau of the Census, Current Popula-
tion Report Serie P-60, No. 16, Poverty in 
the United Stales: 1986?" Let 's ee what Mr. 
Bennan left out of the picture. 

Editor: 
After reading the article, "Against the 

Groove" (GuardilJn, May 16) I was appalled 
at the treatment you granted such a severe 
incident as a major hate crime against a stu-
dent organization. 

As an openly gay student, I was glad to see 
that the dance, and the accompanying hate 
crimes, were given coverage in the Guardian. 
The article itself was written with insight and 
sensitivity to the seriousness of the issueoftbe 
bomb threat, as well as the homophobia faced 
by Ie bian, gay, and bisexual students. 

However, the editorial elements inserted 
into the article worked to belittle the issues 
raised by writers Naveed Merchant and Danny 
Calvi. These insertions shifted the overall 
intended effect of the .article, thereby mini-
mizing the gravity of the incident, I will 
address what I consider these impeding ele-
ments one by one. 

First of all, the incident should have been 
included under the News rather than the Fea-
tures section. The bomb threat, as well as the 
six other threatening calls to the LGBA, de-
served front page attention and should not 
have been shuffled nine pages deep into the 
issue. 

As indicated in the article itself, this is the 
first incideOl of a bomb threat against a non-
political event in our campus' history. Here 
we have a mass death threat against a recog-
nized minorily group, a major hate crime in 
itself, yet it is treated as barely newsworthy, 

This brings to lightanother important point 
If there were three separate occasions on 
which the LGBA reponed threatening phone 
calls to the UCSD Police, why was only one 
such call mentioned in the "Lights and Si-
rens" section? And why was the bomb threat 
completely excluded from this listing? 

Funhennore. the blurb on the front page 
pre-established a joking tone towards the 
severe incident of the bomb threat. The blurb 
solely points to the pun-like irony of the event 
(" ... 'The Prom You Never Had' was going to 
be a blast"), rather than pointing to this event 
of a reflection of the massive ignorance and 
prejudice that pervades this campus' attitude 
toward homosexuals. 

The title and the graphics, insened by the 
editors, upheld what [consider to be an act of 
poor journalistic judgment toward the article. 
What can "Against the Groove" connotate 
regarding the everity of death threats, let 
alone the justification for lesbians, gays, and 
bisexuals to hold a semi-formal? 

The title serves only to ignore the death 
threat and suggest the dance somehow repre-
sents social deviance. The graphics also 
seemed to add a festive tone to the article, 
which wholly deemphasized the weight of the 
bomb threat. 

Other questions need be raised regarding 
this article. Guardian editors were made aware 
of the bomb threat on Saturday, May II. Why 
then did the article not appear until May 16? 
Why were no phOlographers sent to cover the 
threatened dance? Why were LGBA mem-
bers assigned to this anicle, an act which 
would obviously downplay its objectivity and 
goes directly against Guardian policy? 

This can only suggest to me a blatant 
insensitivily toward the bomb threat and the 
dance itself. A student organization planned a 
semi-fonnal, their lives were overtly threat-
ened, and the Guardian treated it like a trivial 
event. I suppose the most pertinent question is 
why are homosexuals, and the intensity of the 
hatred generated againstthem, alma t consis-
tently, and completely, ignored? 

John S. Garrison 

Sun Gods. Eucalyptus. Third Dorms. Chancellor 
Atkinson • Stoneh~nge • Tritons • Central • Muir 
• Mac's Place. The Guardian. ISIS • Water Polo 
The Price Center. Construction • The Jolt Guy 

UCSD STUDEIITS HAVE BEEN 
MISSINB ONLY ONE THING 

Tilt UIMI1itY Ws known '01 hamg the bell of Mf'f' r------~-----, 
Ihing (~ a football t_1 now lIu II .. , Because 

~ ... o.'s 'avortle a.-ttvte .-y . • now 111 the 
new RelI 'IIPJCe Towne tenlll!. lIII'souI1eIM of UTe. 
Come '"" on OYI 'abulous FIIt1 Tacos. OutuditilS. 
Clmilas !IuIriIoI, Salad MellCaf\ill and 10 mucho more We 
ewn "- oeId 'cervezas" (for some lhars a must With 
MeXican foodI. -

• 
<",r(. "",. "' I 

1l\III0'1 

"f 1rrjM't.q,",,'I ~\f 

So come dllunch. 00 dinner Hey. anvttml! " JU8I do Rubioi' '--____ ~ ___ _ 
&.oc:*IIf""" ,...,.,.._ ...... c......l/uet.oufheMt of UTe}. 

...... CennDr .• ",-J •• OpMEWf)'dlyJO:OO.m- 11:00"", 

•••••••••••••• 
• $1.00 FISh BIIlfto Reg. $2.59 • 
• Good.1 aM RubIO'S locatIOns e>lcept Jack Murphy D..&.:..!. • 

Sladium Coupon reqUired llmll one coupon per ~ 
• 

customer per VISl1 Not good Wl1h any other olter 11_ ~ ,..,' • 
Oflere.plres May 30. 1991 .,.,..-1* __ 

• ••••••••••• iii1il 
In Mission Bay, SDSU, Pacific Beach, Chula Vista, Encinitas. 

San Marcos, Point Lorna, EI Cajon, Kearny Mesa, Jack 
Murphy Stadium, and now in The Golden Triangle. 
ComIng .00II to 0,.'9' County (Tuatln & Irvine). 

Why not graduate from 
UCSD on a positive note? 
Editor: 

As a graduating senior, I feel compelled to 
write this letter. 

I have been apalled at the latest rdSh of 
name-calling and back-stabbing I have seen 
recently in your paper. [ won't name names, 
unlike many other letter-writers, but I must 
express my disappointment at those who call 
themselves "campus leaders" and resort to 
petty insults aimed at those who do not agree 
with their view . 

This is especially sad when administrative 
officials lower their standards and engage in 
this immature behavior. Why is it that pre-
cisely the campus organizations de igned to 
enlighten and educate take such a narrow and 
uncooperative stance? 

In light of the recent situation, someone 
will probably write a letter in response to this 
letter calling me names and picking on my use 
of vocabulary and grammar! 

After five years here at UCSD, I really 
want to go out in an auno phere of students 
working together to make this campus better, 
not students battling the administration or 
students bad-mouthing other students. We are 
all in this boat together, at least until we 
graduate, so let us belp,nor hinder eachotber. 
What do you want to remember when you 
look back on your UCSO experience years 
from now - anger, trife, and misunder-
landings, or students working together, hav-

ing fun, and learning about eachother? I think 
the answer is obvious. 

Goodbye UCSD, and thanks. 
Greg OIavarria 

Whites comprise the majority of the popu-
lation both below (68.5%) and above (87.3%) 
the poverty level. But because whites com-
prise the vast majority of America' popula-
tion (84% in 1980), they logically dominate 
most statistics in the general population cat-
egories. And whites aren't doing so badly as 
Bennan's statistic makes it sound. In fact, on 
page 15 of the report) only one in 10 (13.6%) 
indi viduals in the white population in America 
lives below the poverty level. 

And blacks? Blacks comprise a minority 
(12%) of the general population in America, 
and an even greater minority (9.6%) of the 
population above the poverty level. Three in 
10(31.1 %) blacks in America live in poverty, 
according to the census report . 

The bottom line remains that only one in 
10 white Americans lives in poverty while 
three in 10 blacks do so. Berman searched out 
the one statistic which could be present as 
supporting his political agenda, and then he 
used it ruthlessly. But hedidn 't really prove a 
thing. I guess the moral of the story is, never 
tru t astati tic (you don ' t have to trust mine ... 
go check it out). 

Haven White 

~-~~~~~~~~~ 
~ "'-------------- _ COUPON_ --------------, ~ ~~ Introdocing Sulfsile's hamiiooaI8tJfet feaIuriIg the best valle and finest Iigredien1s tJ~~ 

~ ISLE! ~ 
~ • Italian • Chinese. Mexican • Pasta's ~ 
7!~~ . • Fresh Fruit Bar • Soup & Salad Bar • Desserts & More tJ~'t 

~~'(l. ~ll ~ IIIYtIoges not ret. Nohdd willi oIheI 011. up,es 5/311'11 1 _______ ~_______________ _ _________ J AlSO AVAILABLE: CHICKEN, RBS l SEAFOOD 



6 NEWS 

LGBA 
Continued from page 1 
try to hold anothersemi-fonnal next 
year. 

Tony Valenzuela. LGBA co-
chair, opened the raUy with a de-
scription of a hate crime he had 
experienced. As a tudent at UC 
Santa Barbara, Valenzuela kept a 
diary with all his personal thoughts, 
including the fact that he is gay. 

Oneday,hi bestfriendatUCSB 
approachedhimand a kedhimifhe 
kept a diary. When he replied yes, 
she told him that his roommate had 
found it. copied it, and had been 
circulating copies around the donn 
for the past two month . 

As a result of being "thrown out 
of the closet," Valenzuela brought 
charges against his roommate, who 
ended up on probation for what 
Valenzuela aid was "the rest of his 
academic life." 

Hecontinued to say that the rally 
was not only a rally against hate 
crimes and homophobia, it was a 
rally of triumph . 

"We must continue to work for 
the day when closets are only for 
clothe ," he finished. 

Holly Small, a Muir College 
sophomore. expressed onfusion at 
the rmionale behind hate crimes. 

"Some men prefer men. Some 
don 't,"she aid. "Some women pre-
fer women. Some don·1. So? Some 
men prefer ice cream. Some men 
prefer Chinese food . It 's not a big 
dea l. 

"I don ' t see why sexual orienta-
tion should define who you are," 
she said. 

Jennifer Robel1son. an assistant 
anthropology professor, encouraged 

ENTRANCE 
Continued from page 1 
theater di trict." she said. " It gives 
an impressive vistaofthe reflective 
wall of the Forum ll1eater. which i 
very attrJctive." 

Another advantage to the loop 
road. accord i ng to both Bonner and 
Cox , will be an improved the cam-
pus shuttle system. 

According to Bonner. the new 
road will "increa e the frequency of 
the shuttle throughout [campus] ," 

"There will be Ifewer delay 1, 
and I the shuttles I will be more effi-
cient." he said. 

"People will be able to use [the 

student to a~k questions in class 
that will help "bring academics out 
of the clo et." 

"You don't want to be victim-
ized by your curiosity, but empow-
ered by it," he said. 

Literature Professor Stephanie 
Jed called the crimes "so reprehen-
sible as to be unthinkable." She cited 
the goal of uch action as planting 
fear and disrupting busine s, which 
violate everyone' right to "think, 
study, and learn with an open mind." 

Mohamed said that LGBA has 
come a long way recently. expand-
ing from a purely ocial organiza-
tion into other areas such as educa-
tion , outreach, and more political 
area . 

Simmons. who al 0 served as 
co-chair this year, added that the 
organization has expanded its mem-
bership, both in number and diver-
sity, as well as the number of social 

shultle) more conveniently, and one 
of the most important reasons for 
the loop road is to facilitate the 
shultle system," Cox said. 

According to Bonner, tudent 
parking will be affected by phase 
two of tbe project, which will force 
the elimination of an estimated 90 
spaces from Revelle Lot 102. 

But he emphasized that the 
project will be "phased such that 
parking can be maximized in [Lot] 
102." 

Cox aid that while orne spaces 
will be lost, there will sti ll be park-
ing available and the lot will be 
"reconfigured and restriped." 

She added that students should 

1991 
Summer Session 

UCSD Summer Session 
has added the following courses: 

• First Session (July I-August 2) 
Biology 101: Biochemistry 
Lit/Spanish 2A: Readings & Composition 
Lit/Spanish 2B: Readings & Interpretations 
Lit/Spanish SOB: Readings in Latin 
American 
Lit/Spanish 134: Argentine Literature 

. Second Session (August 5-September 6) 
Biology 13: Nutrition 

For further information, phone the Summer 
Session Office at 534-4364 or 534-4365. 

l J C~-; D 
LH-JIVFPSll'y ~)F ,AI IF ()I~r'-lIA ~"'hr I )If ( .( ) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Annie SostrlnlGuardian 
aCllvllle it has held - going from 
three to four activities a quarter in 
the past to one a week this year. 

"We used tobeagay white male 
organization," Simmons said. "1lJen 
we realized that we needed to in-
clude women and people of color." 

Mohamed said that they have 
high hopes for next year in LGBA, 
including petitioning to gain en-
trance into the Student Affinnative 
Action Committee. 

Although both Mohamed and 
Simmon expressed surprise at the 
ab ence of hecklers at the rally, 
Valenzuela said he was not ur-
pri ed, saying that if they had shown 
up, it would have illustrated exactly 
what the rally was fighting against. 

Graduate student Ian Bamard 
ummedupthefeelingsofthecrowd 

in hi closing statement. 
"We're everywhere. so get used 

to it!" 

be able to make bener u e of the 
campu shuttles, which is bel1erfrom 
an environmental standpoint. 

Also planned at the new entry i 
a futurecampu infomlation station 
which Cox believes will be "some-
thing akin to a covered bus shelter 
with information panels." 

Another project et to begin in 
lateJ une is the construction of a new 
road connecting Gilman Drive to 
the front ofMandev ille Center. That 
project has been planned because 
Hutchinson Drive, a road that cur-
rently connects Gilman Drive to the 
Price Center, is slated to be closed. 
The new road is planned to be fin-
ished in mid-September. 

Idnko'S· 
the copy center 

!a,olla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 
Padflc Beach 

1834 Gamet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

Thunday, May 23, 1991 

Complied by Kent Korzon, Senior Sta" Writer 
WeItIeIcIIy, Illy 15: 
11:1 I am: A sh.denI repoI19d the theft 01 a ~ from 00earMew T etTaC8. Loss: $ t 00. 
12:59 pm: A 1984 Honda CRX ooIided wifl a 1986 ~ i1 Lot 305. 
6:55pm.: ASIr..dn reporWIdthe theft 01 a 1989 VW JeIta from Lot 602. LC6S: $10,000. 
TIusdIy, Illy 16: 
2.'55 pm: An lrirown car sWdI a 1988 Toyota CoroIa i1 Lot 356. 
3:56 pm.: A sIuien reporWId tle theft 01 a bicycle from the ~ WE Theate. Loss: $25. 
4::xJ p.m.: The l1'I8 01 00If'IIIIIIait CU'TI!IlCY was repor1ed at cu, Med. 
10:15 pm: A sUlent rE!lXlfled I9CeMng armyi1g p/lloe caIs althe Tlird ~ 
FridIy, Illy 17: 
9:13 a.m: Anamoo,ing note was repoIIect( left on a veIide in klt 101 . 
11:40 a.m: A IfN ooIided ~ a 9.i<:k CenUy i1 Lot:m. 
3:50pm: A SIr..dn reporWId tle theft 01 cash from an lJl3IIerded ~ at the Wanen 

~. Loss:S95. 
4 p.m: A ~ merrber repOOed the theft 01 ~ from a an olicu93 in VV/n Hal. Loss $19. 
9:17pm: A SIr..dn was Ilar1ipoI1ed k> ~ MerroriaI HosJj1aIIor a ~ broIIen nose. 

The 'Iic:tn was tit acc:identatt b'f an lI'Iulown person. 
10:31 pm: A 19-year-dj SiIdenI was arrasI8d at the Priat CeI1erlorba1leryof a Stall Pro 

~. The &.t;ect was cited em released. 
SetwdIy, Illy 18: 
12::xJa.m: A ~ sLOerC raported being 1cIowed. grabbed from betind. em pushed aganst 

a wall at HSS b'f an urIcnown rmIe .12:05 am. The sUjent pushed the subject ~ 
and lied. Her left arm was iflued. 

2 am.: Ash.denI reported rugBy k> a gf1( t987 Toyota Camy. Loss: $250. 
1:50 pm.: An oIicer repoI1ed vcnIaism k> a EilchenistJy ~ tJailer. Loss: $200. 
6::xJ p.m: A noo-aIiiate reported tugIcry k> a Y9hide in a C3fTllUS p;rtQng klt. LC6S: $69. 
SlnIIy, Illy 19: 
8:56 p.m.: AJ6.year-dj non-aflalB was arrested lor possession of a SklIen veIide at the Torrey 

Pioos Gider Port and taIen to jaI. 
MondIIy, Illy 20: 
12:41 a.m:A 1986 Toopa PdwP was sklIenfromNath Mesa~ts. Loss: $10.000. 
12:50 p.m: A s1aff rmrrber in~ her .nJe by tJWi1g emf a rurb b'f the FOOJIty cu,. She was 

trarlSjXlf1ed to Urgeri Care. 
2:07p.m.: A stt.dent reported the theft ot a bicycle from Galxaith Hal. Loss: $500. 
2:10 p.m.: As1aff rnen-ber repJf1ed the theft of cash from a puse at Torrey Pines Center North. 

Loss: $t 7. 
Tuesday, May 21: 
12:19 a.m: A veIide went 011 the road and stnd a gas rreter on La Jolla Shores drive. caJSing 

a large gas leak. No irjJries were reported. 
10.00 a.m: SDPD recoveAld the 1988 T oyola Pdu4l stolen on 5120. 
10:45 am: A 2Q.year-dj non-affiia1e was arrested fOf ClI.JtstanQrg warrants. The SI.qect was 

cited and released. 
11:49 a.m: A WI Jetta coW ~ a GMC ~ at Voigt Dr. and CanyorMew Dr. 
1:55 am.: A SUIent reported the theft 01 a CD player from the Wr ~.l.oss; $100. 

6 cassetles, get I free CD* • 2 CD's, get I free CD* 
*on .pprOfII • No limit 

Largest used CD Innntory In U.S. • Ustenlng zoaes 
~ 
•• MUSIC TRADER 

-. 7094 Miramar Rd. 693-1469 
5728 EI Cajon Blvd. 265-2274 

The last GUARDIAN issue of Spring '91 will appear JUNE. 
Two summer GUARDIAN issues will appear JULY 1, AUIUST 5 

Thursday, May 23,1991 

Symphony 
Strikes 
Modern 
Chords 
By Karen Watts 
Gua!dian Reporter 

Rasping a piano string with a quarter 
is jarring anytime, especially during a 
symphony concert. Plucking a piano 
string is equally disturbing. But when 
these sounds occur in the context of a 
contemporary classical piece, the result 
is music worth applauding. 

The La 10lla Civic/University Sym-
phony Orchestra, ajoint venture between 
the UCSD Music Department and local 
musicians, treats its audience to a dose of 
modem works. 

"Because of our affiliation with the 
univemity, we don't have to worry about 
box office returns. We can afford to take 
more risks," said Music DirectorTbomas 
Nee. 

"Our programs won't please the blue-
haired ladies who want to hear standard 
classics over and over. We attract people 
who aren't afraid of new things," added 
Scott Paulson, oboist and former sym-
phony manager. 

The musicians on the stage were 
brought together in an effort as bold as the 
programs they perform. In 1%7, the com-
munity orchestra approached the young 
campus music department and the merger 
was accomplished. Musicians include un-
dergraduate, graduate, faculty, and com-
munity members. 

"With the support of the community 
and university, we can afford to play 
pieces that call for an out-sized orchestra 
[larger than standard orchestra] . Then 
you'll hear a huge, lush, loud sound," 
Paulson said. 

Recognized for consistently featuring 
living composem and occasional pre-
mieres, Nee has been responsible for guid-
ing the symphony through 24 seasons. He 
described how lI10dern works differ from 
classical ones. 

"More and more sounds are usable, 
for example, abrasive sounds or sounds 
that aren't pitched," Nee explained. 
"Some people think of the sounds as 
noise, but these sounds are clustered to 
create a mood or color. " 

Percussive sound and percussion in-
struments are characteristic of modem 
pieces. Nee mentioned the technique 
called "coIJgno" that violinists use when 
they beat the wood of their bows on the 
strings. Silverware, ratchets, and even 
whips have contributed to works. 

An additional characteristic is the min-
gling of discordant sounds, or dissonance. 
According to bass player Manfred 
Hecking, "Dissonance is another aspect 
of modem pieces. When notes are played 
together, they oppose each other instead 

See SYMPHONY, Page 8 

FEATURES 

• 

• 

• 
.. 

• 

• 

• 

• 

The UCSD Guardian 

• • " • 
• • • • • 

FEATURES 7 

• 

• • • / .. 

• Scripps 
Experimental 
Aquarium brings the 
ocean indoors 
By Kent Korzon 
Senior Staff Writer 

"This is where it begins," said Dr. 
Jeffrey Graham as he trundled the rusty 
shopping cart throughtthe doorway 
with its plastic trash can half-full of 
water and a shark. 

Once inside the Scripps Institute of 
Oceanography (SIO) Experimental 
Aquarium, we lifted the can from the 
cart and placed it in a long, narrow 
tank, then overturned it. A small 
leopard shark swam out over scatter«d 
fresh fish tails, and joined a couple of 
other sharks already in the tank. 

"[One] can link the Experimental 
Aquarium to most of the biology that's 
gone on here," said Graham, the 
chainnan of the Experimental 
Aquarium Committee. 

According to Graham, 20 to 25 
Scripps and UCSD scientists cunrently 

work in the aquarium, which he said 
has had a great scientific history -
from early studies on bioluminescence 
with glowing plankton, to current 
studies on lobsters and sharks. 

"[Its] use is determined on a need 
basis." Graham said. 

"Scripps has always led in ocean 
researCh," said Elizabeth Shor, who 
wrote a book on the history of SIO 
while serving as a senior writer at the 
institute. "The idea [behind the 
Experimental Aquarium] was 'wet lab 
space .... 

The original. structure was built in 
1958, and a second story was added in 
1965. It contains rows of temperature-
controlled tanks, and serves as a 
depository of specimens for study. 

"If you 're going to be studying 
oceanography, you need [an 
aquarium)," Shor said. 

Near the temporary home of the 
leopard shark is a larger tank, about 10 
feet in diameter, half-filled with 
several feet of water. Graham's larger 
sharks, which are over two feet in 
length. circled with a few other fish. 
Hoses of seawater keep the tank fresh, 
and the correct photoperiod and 

Katy Roe/Guardian 

ambient temperature is maintained. 
Occasionally, a shark nosed out of 

the water, or splashed on the surface, 
and I was reminded of my experience 
with goldfish. 

I couldn ' t resist asking, "Have you 
ever had any of them clear the rim, 
only to be found flopping or dried on 
the floor?" 

Yes, Graham explained, and that' s 
why the tank was now only kept half-
full. 

As we wandered amid rows of 
tanks, some brightly-colored tropical 
fish rose to the surface, apparently 
expecting a meal. These specimens 
were being held there until the new 
public Aquarium-Museum was ready 
for them, Graham said. 

A supply of fresh seawater keeps 
the collection of allimals healthy. The 
water is pumped from the end of the 
SIO pier to the Experimental 
Aquarium ' holding tanks, the public 
Aquarium-Museum, and to labs such 
as Graham's, where two small gray 
smooth hound sharks and a cabezon 
keep their distance from one another in 
a tank twice the size of a typical 

See SHARK, Page 8 



8 FEATURES 

I (/ 'Iollt/ 
CIVIC U ,\1\ I RSI n S)\II'HO\l 01{(1 II S I R'\ 

& CHORLS 
Thorn" ce, MUle Dm'C\or D.wid Cha<;e, Chorat Dtrector 

P R E 5 E N T 5 

Peter Rejto Returns! 
Cellist Peler Rejto makes a welcome 
return 10 perfo rm Dvorak' ever-
popular concerto. 

Reynolds · Graffiti 
Dvorak • Cello COllcerto, 
Peter Rejto, cello 
Beethoven • Sympholly No.7 

Saturday, May 25, 1991, 8 p.m .• Sunday, May 26, 1991, 3 p.m. 

STUDENT TICKETS ONLY SS 
\1ANDLVILLI ALDITORIL\l, L( SI) 

TICKFTS: Slll/Cl'nl'rJI SS/Sl'niors 
CALL \OW 'OR \IOI{ll" OR\I ·\ II()~ (h141 ;'-I--Ih,7 

UCSO'S FAC 

50% -90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

• LIMITED • TWEEDS • EXPRESS 
• LINE-UP • MEMBERS ONLY 

• B.U.M. EQUIPMENT 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR. EAST PAST HWY 805 
LEFT ON CAMINO SANTA FE 
TO 8250 (ON LEFT) ... EASY! 
450-3323 

The UCSD Guardian 

SHARK 
Continued from page 7 
bathtub. 

Nearby is a long rectangular 
box. partitioned inside. where the 
sharks are studied. 

Graham's work on harks fa-
cu es on "hO\ fa~t they swim ... 
how they move - the hydrome-
chanics. We take high peed vid-
eos of the way fj,h swim." 

The fi~h swim in two unique 
tunnels. The larger one. a five to 
six-t n tunnel. is curren tl y in Ha-
waii. where sharks and large fish 
su h as tuna are studied. according 
to Graham. 

The smaller tunnel. only eight 
fee t long. is in Graham', lab at 
10. Both tunnel~ can be t'lken to 
ea.mal-ingi teasy to study thefi h 

on-the-spot. rather than having to 
tran p rt them long distance . 

"The point is [to study I how 
nature has designed the creatures 
to move," Graham sa id . 

Subjects for his studies in the 
mall water tunnel are sometimes 

caught from the 10 pier, and are 
also captured at sea. 

Leopard shark. like the ne in 

the tank, migrate with the tide , 
and are common in San Diego's 
coa tal waters. Graham sai d, 
though Miss ion Bay ha been over-

fi~hed . 
While many ubjects are re-

" [One] can link the 
Experimental 

Aquarium to most of 
the biology that's 

gone on here. 

" JEFFREY GRAHAM 
chairman of Experimental 

Aquarium Committee 

turned to sea. "there are some old-
time reside nt s," Graham said . 
"They 're we ll -fed ." 

What 's unique about the tun-
nels is that they provide scientists 
wi th a rare look at fi sh in motion . 
Rather than trying to keep track of 
am ving fi h, the tunnels circulate 

. . . . ",:: 

r 20% OFFl IMMEDIATE REPLACEMENT Cooperthin (O.T) .................................................... '111.00 
Ciba Visilant ...... ..................................................... $28.00 

DAILY WEAR (Cooperthin) .......................... $89 
EXTENDED WEAR (8 & L, 03/04) .. .............. $105 
BROWN EYES BLUE (Myopes only) .. .. ........ $199 
_ Compioto .y •• .am_, Glaucoma 1OSI · lIns-..nRJ ' ftIIr1g . "., ri 
...-_lor rnycptS t-"1Id) . FoIow·up car •. SoIuIIOI1 car."" • FIJI 
i'osIM:DOnI ' ~anng • Two-monII1 car. program· 01'* m"", Ilt"'" in ._ 

• 011., good lor rnHlm. paI"tf1tS 

I A SECOND PAIR OF CONTACT I I LENSES OR BACKUP I 
GLASSES WHEN PURCHASED I WtTH A PAIR OF CONTACTS I 

L (E.p.res 611 ) .J '----------------- --------Limited time oHer 
J & J Acu Vue or Ciba disposable lenses $89 

for 4 boxes with current RX 

Wesley' Jesen (DW) .................. ........................... $22.00 
Sollmate (OW) ............................ ..... ................ ... $25.00 
B&L 04 (EW) .................................................. .... S2t.00 
B&L U4 .... ..................... ...................................... '21.00 
CIBA TINT .................... ...................................... S3t.00 

Early ..... ng & Saturday appo!ntmom& now .. _ 

J & J Acu Vue or Clba disposable lens 
complete package plan $189 

North 
County 
4324331 

6780 Miramar Rd. 
at Miramar & Commerce behind Carl's Jr. VISIONCARE MasterCard & Visa accepted 578·6796 East County ..... 

Thursday, May 23, 1991 

the water th rough the \ orking 
chamber. The fi h can swim with 
the flow. but remain stationary. 

oo( lt ' Ilikea ham tertreadmill ," 
Graham explained. 

Sharks' ~wimming abil itie~ are 
ompared to that of other l>harh. 

and with fi h such as the ~ockeye 
:.u lm n. albacore, skipjack. and 
dogfi 'h. 

Graham also studies the hydro-
mec hanics and metabolism of 
sharks. The oxygen concentration 
of the seawater is mea. ured wi th a 
gas analyzer while the fi h witTIs. 
Oxygen content and the presence 
of respiration gases are measured 
to determine how much energy 
fi sh use while wimming. 

Graham's studies help deter-
mine the range, migration, and rela-
tive speeds of various sharks and 
fish . Other studie on shark s have 
hown that they are very sen itive 

to electric fields. and can detect 
even very tiny ones. 

This feature may help them lo-
cate meal s that have buried them-
elves in the sand, and are out of 

sight . Graham said . Muscle con-
traction, such as a beating heart , is 
electri cally driven, and can there-
fore be detected. 

ot only doe the abi lity to de-
tect electric fields explain why 
sharks sometimes anack underwa-
ter phone and electrici ty cables, 
but it also explains a peculiar phe-
nomenon that Graham had ob· 
served. 

When chum (dead fish) i 
thrown overboard around a boat , 
the quickly gathering sharks ome-
times attack the propellor, which 
has an electric field lacked by dead 
fi h. 

Despite all of the tudie that 
have gone on there, the Experi-
mental Aquari um doesn 'tjust stand 
out for scienti fic achievement. 

When asked what the place was 
most famous for, Shorreplied, " [It] 
was where the Emperor of Japan 
[Hirohito] was presented a gift 
when he came for a visit." 

SYMPHONY 
Continued from page 7 
of blending." 

The meaning and message of 
modern pieces is unique to the era. 

"The music mirrors part of the 
disjunct qualities of urban life," 
Nee said. "A com bi nation of jagged 
anxiety and poignant feeling comes 
through." 

Modern pieces this season have 
included "Five Orchestral Pieces" 
by Arnold Schoenberg. and "Holi-
day Overture" by Elliot Carter. 
The approaching concert series on 
May 25 and 26 offers a sampling 
from different periods. UCS D pra-
fessor and Pulitzer Prize winner 
Roger Reynolds' work "Graffiti" 
will lend a modem modicum to the 
program. 

"Graffiti" calls for a full or-
chestra and five percussioni ts. The 
choice of the guest artist- cell ist 
Peter Retjo - re-emphasizes the 
theme of freshness in classical 
music. This i Retjo's second ap-
pearance with the La Jolla Civic/ 
University Symphony Orchestra. 
He will perform the Dvorak Cello 
Concerto. Rounding out the pro-
gram is Beethoven'S Symphony 
No. 7. 

The performances are at 8 p.m. 
Saturday. May 25 and 3 p.m. Sun-
day, May 26. 

"Don't expect to hear tune fit 
together;' Paul on advised about 
the modem pieces. "Appreciate the 
colors rather than the tune ." 

Thursday, May 23,1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Some so-called MCAT Courses waste a lot of time on things you don't 
need for the MCAT! Tedious review lectures on general science. U seles 
hours in class instead of in test practice. 

At Stanley H. Kaplan we don't waste your time. Our classes are test-
specific and to the point-every point you'll need to score higher on the 
MCAT. 

We introduce you to the question types. We review the basic concepts 
that you'll need. And we give you more time-saving, score-improving test 
strategies than everything else combined. 

You'll practice on test-relevant questions created by our professional 
research staff, not a med student over spring break. Plus, you'll get over 
1300 pages of test-specific review notes and practice questions. 

So if you want hype, try the other guys. If you want the best score, take 
Kaplan! ! 

Register now for summer classes. 
UCSD, SDSU, Clairemont 

277·6744 
Call for schedules 

and registration information 

I STANLEY H. KAPLAN 
cL Take Kaplan Or Take Your Chances 

Sponsored in pan by the Special Admissions Support Program, UCSD School of Medicine 

9 



10 OPINION 

-ROUNDTRIPSI. 
NYC/D.C./ BOS from $313 
LONDON 'rem S520 
TOKYO from SMO 
SYDNEY 'nMn SI2I 
AMSTERDAM from $HI 
MADRID from $698 
COSTA RICA from $299 
fRANKfURT from .... 
COPENHAGEN from 1130 
IAlJ .front m. 
• USIII PACIIAO£I 
• WMll PUllS/lilt CAllOS 
• illS TRAVEllll1UMltCl 
• ADVIC£ FAOM £XIIIRT$ 

1131 COlUOE 11ft .... 
SAN DIeGO, CA ea1l. 

Prince Chapel 
by the Sea 

A.M.E. Church 
7517 Cuvter st. 

La Jolla, CA 92037 
(619) 459-0272 

Clwn:h Scbool9:00 a.m. 
WorshIP 10:00 a.m. 

Bible Studu 7:00 p.rn. 
Tuesday 

-reel the Iptrtt-Itadlo 
BroMcut ID'IIZ (1210 All) 

tftIJ 8aDdar11:30-1211oOD 

Dr.IlT·c.!knra7,~r 
"A Church For People 

on the Grow· 

SELF-STORAGE SAVINGS AT 
SENtRY 

SELF-STORAGE 
458·'950 

8440 Eastgate Court 
San Diego 92121 

5 TUDEI'tItIT 

• $5 OFF regular monthly 
rent (first four months) 

• PLUS 50% OFF first 
month' 5 rent 

• PLUS FREE limited use of 
our truck for move-in 
(subject to availability) 

• All sizes available 

SPECIALS 

• Bank cards accepted 
• _Secure gate access 

• TV monitoring 
• OPEN 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., 

7 days a week 
• close to UCSD 
• Reserve early & avoid 

LAST DAY RUSH! 

When iI~ lime 
10 pack lip 

and go home ••• 
('02 r,a~, ~ (3 ~ .' ~ \1 . .t.. _ '.- ' , ) . I~ 

li~~~V)~~:~ _.'_ I' fJ o ~f 
. , ~~~hl~ ~r.+ .. .. . ~ _">wi. , ' , . ~ /) . ~._ ~ ',.. •• f"'. _, 

. ~ ' \ -~. ~. (~:i 
. -~'- f. 

- \ We specialize in packing " • CUstom aOIIDg "-I/, 
& shipping small loads. .~" boxes. tape. foam 

III ___ ."".,_ 

• SbIppDg !rom 1 to 1.000 J)OW>Cb-
IDcIudIDg owmIght dell-V 
.1nIwance to $~.OOO 
• fIcII: up..va 
• , . to J()4ay dell-V 

Open Q 5 M anctay thru frrctay 
1130 Wall St . -' door to tile ~ 0IIIc0) 

La Jolla. CA 92037 .454-9680 

The UCSD Guardian 

MINI·DORM 
Continued from page 4 
couple of months ago. 

When Councilwoman Abbe 
Wolfsheimer's proposals were put 
aside: for study last fall, one of her 
proposed regulations was to define 
the act of renting as a business, and 
then require that owners pay a busi-
ness tax. 

1..0 and behold, when the regula-
tions came back. to the council. this 
part of her plan was conspicuously 
absent. In its place was a paragraph 
that stated, ..... the: base rate for rental 
unit taxes be increased from $40 to 
$50 ..... 

Increased? How can one increase 
something that didn't exist, you 
might ask. 

Apparently, that part of the pr0-
posed package was cut from the 
herd. and passed quietly, without 
much fanfare or public anention. 

Now, instead of being able to 
argue for or against the creation of a 
rental unit tax, one i limited to 
arguing for or again t its increase. 

Similarly, allowing the creation 
of regulations in a limited area huts 
thedooronarguing against the regu-
lations themselves. 

It's similar to the tactics used in 
the beach and park alcohol ban. 
When the city-wide: ban was first 
proposed, there was a Mt of opposi-
tion. So, the council passed a "lim-
ited" ban in some areas, including 
La Jolla Shores Beach. Not enough 
people were affected to get most 
San Diegans interested in the issue. 
Later the council used the ban in La 
Jolla to justify the city-wide ban. 

In addition, with the impo ition 
of any restriction in a limited area, 
those who would violate them will 
naturally migrate outside that area 
to do so. This creates more of a 
problem in the area just outside the 
regulated one. and gives the council 

an excuse to expand me size of me 
area affected by its regulations. 

And history repeats itself. 
Just as more drunks crowded me 

area outside the alcohol-free 
beaches, so will more "problem rent-
ers" be forced into another area, 
increasing problems there, and 
seemingly justifying an expansion 
of the: regulated area. 

This, in tum will make problems 
worse: elsewhere in a nasty chain 
reaction, and the COWlCiJ will look 
good to the voters for"dealing with" 
a problem they created. 

Now, while the restrictions may 
not sound like much individually, 

Thursday, May 23,1991 

the package packs a wallop. 
111ese restriction only apply to 

renters, not owners, who could live 
in violation of these codes next door 
to someone: who is forced to live 
under these restrictions solely 
becuase they are renters. 

This is discrimination. 

Bear With Us 
We've got four issues left. but 

more IeIIers tI the edIor than we 
can print. We'. do our best tI print 
whatwecan betore 1heye81 ends, 
but we ccmoI guarantee !he pub-
IicaIion 01 your letter. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

PC is a threat to society 
Editor: 

I would like to applaud Zachary 
Bennan's article on Political Cor-
rectness. Political Correctness (PC) 
is one of the greatest modem threats 
to the freedom of our society. PC 
threatens to restrict the bounds of 
thought and will lead to stagnation 
in the realm of creativity. PC is an 
interesting idea, but politic hasdin-
ied its original purpose. When PC 
was originally created, it was meant 
merely to make people aware of 
biases. At that time: it was called 
Political Awareness, and it was a 
good idea. 

Unfortunately, someone thought 
that awareness of problems such as 
raci m and sexi m could be used to 
create a sy tern in which such prob-
lemsdo not exist . It was at this point 
that PC became a monster in our 
society, trying constantly to force 
people to think in a way defined by 
its political.agenda. PC. as it now 
exi ts, is a rigid set of standards 
considered ridiculous by almo t 
every individual with a good edu-
cational background. 

My fear is that the catchiness of 
the phra<ie 'politically correct' and 
its surprising number of supporters 
will cause educators inthis and other 
universities to draw away from us-
ing controversial documents and 
textbooks in their classes. Individu-
als should have the right to be ex-
posed to all k.inds of thoughts and 
ideas. including those that are not 
considered to be PC. It is simply true 
that our present society evolved from 
a sexist and racist society, and it is 
imponant that people learn this. and 
use this knowledge to improve the: 
world we live in today. 

Zachary Bennan mentions sev-
eral events in our history which 
closely mirrored PC today, and I 
would like to add one more. PC 
reminds me most of the rise of the 
Nazi Party in Gennany, which used 
thought control and burned books in 
order to secure its absolute power 
by eliminating or silencing all op-
position. Thank you. Zachary 
Sennan, for having the courage to 
stand up for your rights. 

Douglas McCreary 

GRADUATING SENIORS: 
NOW LEASE A CAR WITH 

NO CREDIT HISTORY 
(and: no down payment*, no co-signer) 

All you need Is a Job commitment and you can drive 
the car you want at affordable monthly payments. 

A special financing arrangement aUows us to make this unusual offer. 

Leasing is smarr because there is no down payment. Autoland's discount pricing 
will keep your payments very low. And, having a lease in ~ name will make 

future credit requests almost automatic. 

hula Vista 
EI Cajon 
Encinitas 

You can also buy a car at a savings from. us. 
Call Today 

San Diego, Mildred St. 619/543-9044 
San Diego, Mira Mesa Bd. 619/457 -1898 

Rancho Bernardo 

619/425-5395 
619/588-5002 
619/632-9234 
619/485-8002 
619/569-1995 

San Diego,Sorrento VaDey Rd. 619/450-9331 
Vista 619/940-6143 

San Diego, Ke:unyVilla Rd. 
For other locations, caU 800/234·6999 

nllO AUTO LAND", Helping Grads get tlleir first car. 
• N o down payment on alcuc, but the amOl1nt required to enter intO the Ieue is the flnt 

month ·. payment, security dcpoc it and rlnt year'.liem"" fea . Important rule. apply. 

Thursday, May 23, 1991 

MINI·DORMS 
Continued from page 1 

However, McCany told A.S. 
President Augustin Orozco after the 
meeting that the law may nOl affect 
UCSD until 1993. 

Whi Ie SDSU students now hold-
ing leases have a year to comply, 
those hoping to obtain housing next 
year will be affected in 30 days. 

City Councilwoman Abbe 
Wolf heimer, who represents the 
area including UCSD, is currently 
developing separa(e housing legis-
lation which may go beforethecoun-
cil as early as the end of June. 

1l1e legi lation will be devel-
oped out of the "Schultz Proposal," 
which calls for a definition of a 
"bona fide housekeeping unit." It 
terns from the idea that a bona fide 

housekeeping unit could be defined 
as a single residence zone to replace 
thedefinition of "family" as a house-
keeping unit. 

Couns have ruled that the tradi-
tional definition of "family" cannot 
be used to enforce single-residence 
zone code . 

According to one Wolfsheimer 
staff member, "At this point it's 
extremely conceptual." He said one 
definition being considered allows 
those who have lived together and 
shared expen es for one year to 
qualify as a housekeeping unit. 

Also, the legislation may limit 
the number of adults in ingle-resi-
dence neighborhoods by the num-
berof off-street parking paces avail-
able. For example, a house with a 
two-car driveway could support 
three adults. 

The mini-dorm law passed Tues-
day falls under the direction of the 
Transportation and Land Use Com-
minee (T&LU). Councilmembers 
direct that further student and com-
munity comment be brought before 
T&LU meetings until the trial pe-
riod ends. 

The cost of the new regulations 
will be about $225,000 per year. 
1l1e estimated cost for a citywide 
ordinance is over one million dol-
lars. 

Proponents of the legislation 
claim that the issue, which has been 
under consideration for the last two 
years, should be swiftly solved to 
alleviate problems in their other-
wise quiet neighborhoods. 

A letter from UCSD Govern-
mental and Community Relations 
Director Susan Taylor to San Diego 
Mayor Maureen O'Connor, dated 
April 30, sums up the opposition of 
many students and the administra-
tion. 

Despite some abuses, Taylor 
wrote that, "the vast majority of 
young people are excellent renters 
and good neighbors." 

The UCSD Guardian 

IT'S SUMMER!! You can 
Watch TV, 
Make dry toast, 
Pick fleas off your dog, 
Build a scale version of Disneyland. 
Let your brain atrophy to the size of a pea, 
Watch your Magic Rocks grow, 
and Call 900 numbers all day long. 

OR YOU CAN: 
Raise your LSAT score 9 points*, 

Raise your GMAT score 80 points, 
Raise your GRE score 210 point , 

Look forward to Grad school, 
Feel useful, 

And have fun doing it. 
·1().4.3 poll1llCllc 

Weigh the options, then call 

THE - - -==== 
PRINCETON 

REVIEW 
(619) 695-9952 W. &OreMCKd 

The UCSD Summer Session first 
five-week session begins July 1 and 

second five-week session begins 
August s. 
An exciting range of courses from 
virtually every campus department is 
offered. Catalogs are available now. 
For your free copy, drop by the 
Summer Session Office, UCSD 
Extension Complex, Building A, 
Monday through Friday, 8 a.m.-4:30 
p.m. or phone 534-4364. 

.... 1IIIIIIII 
Our new method of 

relaxing permed or 
naturally curly hair. 
Int '201OWi 

STUDENI 
SPECIAL 
HAl RCUIS 
Women's .............. $18 
Men's ................... $14 

Blow cIrr not included 

.... • COLOI • HI.un 
$10 .............. 

(Non.1id widll"., ocher • . ) 
.~ tri Featuring prOduc ts formu lated by the Ins titute o f Tflchology for healthy half and skIn thru topical nutri t io n 
'~~r~&5 

A full service salo n 
La Jolla Village Square 

Open 7 days, evenings too. 455-1700 

NEWS 11 

GET OUTTA TOWN! 
MO~ BOXESI 

~ \\I'm Outta Nff/) 
"I'M OUTTA 

HERE" 

Located at 
The Boxworks 

UTe Moll 
4305 La Jolla Village Drive 
(next to Carlos Murphy's) 
(619) 453-9993 
-One little call W ill do it all " 

Here" 
Student Special 

o nly $3995 
Share or split with a friend 

Shipping Experts 
• Stereos • TVs 
• Speakers • Computers 
• Anything-Anywhere! 
Pick Up Service Available 

C.O.D. or Direct 
(Mom & Dad Can Poy) 

• Illm 

I~ Jf~NSION __ 
,. SPECIALTY CENTERS 

rroUR~;R'Co~~riz~-T-Str~-' 
: BRAKE SPECIAL! ~~~nt $2495 : Package : 
I $6995 : AI~~~~L::oca" I Special I 
I Mosl "'" I manutactUler'sspeolrcallOns. I C.swlnds" ....... $109.95 I 

sl>ms & cams "ta. I 5 St $159 95 I I 24-ThouSlInd Mil. W.mmty Ask .bout our uper rulS ......... _. • RtPacfillror.l pads anc! rear I lour-whe.1 allgnmtnt. L.',Um8 Warrarty 
I ~/lI1Q ' Resvt1ac. rotors, aums. (Truc~ & van, extra) I MoSI cars · Exp"es 6/6191 I bleed & adjust .""", • t.letal lic L Exp" • • IiN.II I 
I pad$eKtro. U;1t'1'tS6I6t91 - - - - - + - - - - - ~ LL""wnt W.rronty A .. _ I Front End I 4-VVheeI $6995 I 
I OII-Ch- - -, Alignment I Drive t>l:: I ange $1495 Service Special I Special I $1495 I CV·JojntBooIRopIaCemMI I 
I IncIudts.llbo. _ frlter. upto5 I MosI cars(trucks h wIJUO) I ~on~!It ~k:ol I qu.1S of VI/VOI.,. (Mosl catS). . Expo,ts 6/6191 cars ........ 
L ~~ ~-----~-----~ 

- - - - -. Monroe Performance I Computer Spin I 
I FREE I Gas $1995 I Balance&4-Tire I I Shocks each Rotation ~95 

• Alignment Checks I MOS1 U.S . and lot.~ncars I V~""IU" I I . Inspections Installation A ... 1i1bIe inspoctron 
L Will II1iI ad Most cars .J Expires 6IMI J. Most cars' Expires 6'6191 .J 
----- ------ -----

Miramar Auto Center 
6696 Mirmar Rd. #1 

Winston Square 
3112 Midway Dr. #D 

558-8562 
E 

Mon.·Fri. 8 a.m ·6 p.m. 
Sal. 8 a.m ·4 p m . 

Sunday by appointment only 

223-2248 

• 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

UCSO's FACTORY OUTLET CLOTHING 
SALE. AA*eI I)es9ler Zone oilers you 
5O"J(,.fI()'% OFF. See lIIe ad In lhis Issue 0( 
caD lIIe hoIIIne 450-3323. Top slVleS for lessl 
(4I29-Mi) 

Yaklmo Japan ... R •• laurant grand 
opening 8p8C1ala1i1 Lunch stal1ing al 53.99. 
dinner starting al $04.75 See Guardiandlsplay 
ad for more delalls and FREE Susni coupon. 
Close 10 UCSD In Vons Shopping cenler on 
Regents Rd. 452-4255. (5113-616) 
SAVOY CHINESE RESTAURANT - lunch 
specials 8IIery day for $l.95. SO% oH any 
second a la cane dIsh with GuardJan display 
ad. Greal tood . low prices. close 10 campus. 
495-9139_ (5113-616) 

Love France? Join the UCSO Internalional 
ClubJune3.6:30p m .. atthe I-Center Lounge 
tor a night ot French delicacies. culture. and 
tun . FRENCH CULTURE NIGHTI A 
BIENTOTI (5123-5128) 

Psychlalric Centers needs markel research 
Intern lor public relations. Pays $SIhr. Call 
ASIO. 534-4689. nowl (5116-5123) 
The Alarm and The Fiu Concert Tickets. ACI 
DC. Morressey. Best Seal&- 3rd, 41h Row. 
457-1319. (5123-5128) 
Intern needed: Psychiatric. clinical work at 
Naval Statoon. Greal e~perlence . Apply nowl 
Call ASIO. 534-46891 (5116-5123) 

Fun In the .unl Be a part of the TRIB 10 51< 
or 101e run/Walk for lileracy on June 9 trom 
Balboa Park 10 Embarcadero Park in 
dOwnlown San Diego. Posl-race celebration 
wilh Iree eats. drinks. music and prizes. Entry 
tee Includes souvenor I-shirt. Sign up nowl 
Call 275-5440 for more InfO(malion. (5120-61 
6) 

UNOERGRAUNO! Theatre's audition pool 
and Info session I Undergraduale aCIO(s. 
designers. playwrighls.lechs. etc. Come and 
show us what you've goll Thursday, May 30, 
6-9 p.m .. Price Center Gallery B. Call 558-
8992. (5123-5130) 

SERVICES 

Expen and reasonable bookand lhesis ad~ing 
and proofreading. Also wO(d processing. Call 
456-1761. (5123) 

Olga Bari - Eleclrologist: 1200 to 1 SOO hairs 
per hour, 3256 Holiday Court. Siudeni 
Discounts. 558-46441226-1962. (411-616) 

PASSPORT PICTURESII New at Cal Copy. 
Only $5.95. While you wall. Xeroxes and 
more. NearSt. Germains. 452-9949. (1122-61 
6) 

DISSERTATION COMPLETION WORK-
SHOPS. For information call Post Graduate 
Group. 985-0426_ (411 -616) 
Word ProcessinglTyping services. Profes-
sional Quality, reasonable. Call 566-9096. (51 
20-5130) 

Don"! wait unlil the last minulelll Package 
andshipyourlhingshomealThePackaglng 
Store. Packaging supplies. rTlOYing boxes, 
cuslom crating and packaging. Close to 
campus In La Jolla. 454-9680. (5113-616) 

Awesome deals at Mira ..... Self Storage 
-Studentspec:ials InckIde:geta lI'tird month 
FREE when you pay fO( two or FREE \nICk 
and driver to _ you with reserva1ions. All 
grOUnd IIOor units - close to campusf 453-
0511 . (5113-&'1) 

Word Proceuing: Term paper.. resulll4lll, 
dissertationl. RUSH JOSS. (20 yeal'l) 453-
0658 (188\18 -.gil; promptly '-ed). 
(5123) 

14 
4688 Convoy 51. 

KeamyMesa 
576-8542 

13 
3200 & Main 
San Diego 

281·9083 

12 
1800 8 Rosecrans 

PI. lorna 
225-0279 

11 
3443 lkloverSlly 

North Par\( 
280-9883 

, We bag every comic 
, Games Ii Cards 
, We offer Free Discounts 
, In store subscription service 
, We're open until 7 p.m. every day 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15 -word increments_ The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue , and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads_ For 
more in/ormation call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jol/a , CA 92093-0316. Actua/ address: Student Center A, topfloor. 

MACINTOSH Computer Servoces: Take Ihe 
worry and hassle out of Ilxing or upgrading 
your computer_ We speCIalize in 
troubleShooting and repairing of Mac syslen1S: 
power supply. floppyl hard drive. logic 
probfems, memory upgrades, 512KE 10 plus 
upgrades, peripherals. more_ 12. years 
computer experience. Friendly. expert, 
hOnest. reliabfe service at reasonable prices. 
Call us first: ERICTRONICS. 581 -2339. (51 
16-5128) 

Word Processing : Papers. dissenations. 
manUSCIlpts, special projects. Lowest rates. 
Pock-up & delivery. Lu 234-5433. (5116-6/6) 

W(J(d Processing. 4.0 English Skills. term 
papers. experienced dissertations. 7-day 
week. rush jobs 755-2683. (5116-611) 

WANTED 

NeedC .. h? W. deliver! Domino'. PIua is 
now hiring lor all positions. Management 

opportuni~es available. Complete training 
program. II you are 18 years old. haves valid 
dfivers license. aulO insurance. an excellent 
driving r8C(J(d, and access to a car, you can: 
Earn up to $10/ hr. (total comp.) Enjoy the 
freedom of being on the road. work flexible 
hours. APPLY TODAY I Oomino's Pizza 
UCSD 3211 Hofiday Ct. 452-UCSD. Please 
apply &her 3 p.m. (111 0-616) 

Graduate Student looking for Japanese 
Language Tutor to( summer Independent 
study. one hour per day. weekdays, June 17-
August 2. $20 per hour . business 
correspondence and conversaloon. Please 
call 546-9244_ (5123-5128) 

Hyperlearnlng Inlern . (10- 15 hrslwk) 
Bus inesSieduca~on oriented studenl to help 
WIth data entry/gen. oHicelbusiness work. 
WIlling to learn basic accounting system. 
Oualifications: Max experience. energetic, a 
bIt perfecbonlsbC. S6Ihour. tlextome. 455-1 000 
till midnite. John. (5113-5123) 

Child care needed In Del Mar. Mon and Fri. 
3:30-7:00 & Sat. 8-3. Start 6115. Own car. 
755-6172. (5116-616) 

Responsible. experienced Chlldcare deSired 
for 2 children. 4 and 5. $(J(ne days, evenings, 
weekends. Transportation a plus. 
References, Call Patricia. 456-6281. (5116-
5128) 

MODELS: Athletic females , big-boned. 5'6" 
plus_ Unique phOtoIvideo project. No nudes. 
John 753-11941 . (5123) 

Experienced aerobk: INChers needId at 
Being-Fit caJILennyal483-9294. (!'W2!HII) 

EARN SUMMEA INCOMEI Lang a IIhOII 
term t~ jtItIa lor: Rac:epIIonIll1l fmIM-
line phGneeJtP8"-), Typilla (ninlmum40 
wpllllnel) , Secre~ Proc:.uors. 
AcoounIingCIerb. 0.. E""Y ~ LL 
Indullrill Wofk .. a ~mbIerL ToPs. 
Total Penonn .. SeNIce, M-8no. (&23) 

SMOG $19 99* 
CHECK • 
plus $6,00 state cert, 
TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6-cyl. $39.99 

, AI C ServIce $25.99' 
, Coolant ServIce $25_99' 

• Transmossion SeNoce $24.99' 
• Brake SpecIal (1 axle) $79.99' 

• mostcaf, 

C It D Auto Car. 
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

68410 Mlr_ Rd. , suite C 
(behind Goodyear) 

San DIe,o, CA 12121 
(811)"'2438 

Housekeepers/Custodians-University In La 
Jolla needs dependable and experienced 
tefT1)Oraty workers with generaJ maintanence 
andCleaning dutJ8S. $5.SOIhr. starting in June. 
Applications accepted: t.ton-Fri 10-3. TOPS. 
Total Personnel Service. 1455 Frazee Rd. 
Sle 102 (Corner of Friars & 163) 299-8nO. 
(5123) 
Babysitler needed dunng summer, 4 and 7 
year -old girls. Del Mar. evenings. Weekends. 
references. Call 793-0570. (5120-5130) 

Corr9u\8r including printer. Mac preferred 
butanylhing considered. Cash payment 454· 
9458 Pete. (5123-5128) 
ALASKAEMPlOYIlENT - Fisheries, Em! 
S5OOO+lmonth. Free transportationl Room & 
Boardl Ovor 8.000 openings. No experience 
necessary. Mal. or Femal.. For 
employmenl program. call Student 
Employment Servicet all-206-298-3891 elll. 
eo. (5116-5130) 
GREAT SUt.tMER JOel Em! 571hr on our 
catting stan. Calf The Pacific Group, 563-
2000. (5113-5130) 
U-'n-et\lanclant needed lor '91 -'92. ON 
CAMPUS. Oisabled student needs help wi 
personal care 2-5 hrsl day . Female. 
nonsmoker preferred. 458-9748 Julie. Apply 
Today. (5116-5123) 
Girl Saturday needed with car. Drilling to 
markets, library. light housework. Steady. 
453-5726. (5123-5128) 
MUSIC MAJORS NEEDED for music study 
Involving listening 10 ancf rating musical 
selections. Pays $5 for45 minutes. Call M~Ch 
at 457-0239. (5120-5128) 
MAC ENTHUSIASTI PARTTIME FLEXIBLE 
HOURS. WALK/BfKE UCSO. CALL 453-
1201 . (5123) 
House deanersljanitors. $5 per hour and upl 
Part time or full time. day or night shilts. no 
expenence necessary. Reliable 
transpoflation. phone, good references. Call 
259-8731 .8 a.m. -5 p.m_ Monday thru Friday. 
leave message. (5120-616) 

FOR SALE 
'87 Yamaha 125 Scooter. Been well 
maintelnecl. S9SO. 2S~. Abe_ (5116-51 
30) 
Sum_ Funl 88112 Samulll JX - under 
1 Sk miles. $5900. Gal Heidi. day 53'-&444. 
eYe 272-1585. (5120-5128) 

8!5 BlACK JEEP CJ-7 LOAOEDlllM mill. 
3-1nc:II1ifI klt. Snow .... MIl 272-8031. C5f 
16-5130) 
Perfect '8e NI.un s.ntta IDR. __ 
thou .... l',OOOmi, Ike II1I)I. ssaoo. lIS-
7a.. (5Ift-51311 
'82r" T~ T __ • 5-...... ...."._ 
1m c:aA, M:, (\jill .... _ -. ... 
9047. (5I2e) 

-, 

FAtIMAIRf, 

USED 501/51~ 
JEANS & SHORTS 
BIKER JACKETS 

$125-$139 I new) 
FUN, FUNKY 
FUNTIONAL 
RESALEcLOllfS 

4879 NEWPORT NE_ OCEAN BEACH 
M-SAT. 11 10 6::1) • 222'()220 

Ford t.tustang, '80, AlC, V6. AMlFt.t cassette. 
74K miles. $117510 sell quick. 587-1 506. (51 
23) 

MOVing Sale: Fullsize fUlon with pine frame 
$75 obo: oomputer desk $30 obo; drafting 
table $600b0;woodendeck-chalrs$500b0; 
direC10rs chairs $20 abo; Coffee table & end 
table $80 obo; large matching couch $75 
abo: TV-table $15 obo: oak bookcases $20 
obo; various glassware and crystal ; lamps 
$10 & $20. Call now 587-9357_ (5116-5130) 

t.toving Sale: Twin bed, desk, lamps, New 
Cookware + more. By June 16th. MiChelle 
259-2496/Eves. (5123-616) 

Dining rO(J(ft table plus four chairs. $SO. 
Good condition. Jessica. 535-1352_ (5123-51 
28) 

Twin bed, exc:.lenl condition, complete set. 
brand MW. Must MI, ,125 obo' 453-5946. 
(5120-5123) 

New SoIoflex (with all attachments) $900, 
Customspeakera Boom Box 200 walls $3001 
best. Bradtord 578-8179.(5123-5128) 

SchwInn RacIng .... , "World Sport" edition, 
phOne Marcel at 276-1960. (5120-5130) 

For Sale: Kenmore washerldryer. Excellent 
condition. $100 each obo. ContaC1 Randy al 
453-6130. (5120-5123) 

MORRISSEY Tickets, floor and bottom 
terrace, $porta Arena, May 3OIh. $50-$75 
obo. 587-8612. (512().5123) 

MORRISSEY Tlcketsll Excellent seats for 
May 30th al the SO Sports Arena. Call 
t.tlchele, 535-9219_ (5120-5128) 

t.tORRISSEY rockets I 4 Floor and 4 Lower 
Level seats, $SO - $60 each. 459-3286. (51 
16-5123) 

MORRISSEY rocketsl 4 lawn seats for 611 
Pac. Ampitheatre_ $450b0. (619) 558-0719, 
(5120-5128) 

MOARISSEYrocketsforsaieIITwo~ 
seats within stage distance II You missed the 
Smiths. don't miss himl Call Bren 453-
7488_(5123) 

MORRISSEY-4 tlcQ\a(5I3O Sports Arena) 
Row 1311 On tIoe fIoorll '75 ea. 546-1761. (51 
23-5130) 

Concenr~AlggllSunspI .. h.S"" 
Pulse! Special ..... WorrisIey, ACII)C, 
HumpMt)'l, IIIcIudIAg Jwt ~ MIahIeI 
HedgeI. George c.III, and mlnY 0IhIrs. 
Excellent -. .-pUs. ~.(51 
23-5130) 

..... 

It:Rdml 
I 00IMt COTI'OrI 

BAI I'di fUi'OI\S 
6" 8" 

Pull $80 $70 
Queen $65 $75 
Tahoe 6ed/Couch '79 

I'rH bedsheet 
w/any futon/fnme purchase 

Prtces subject to change 
UU EI CIIIee" 'lIO-J:z.I 
l'Ion.·ThUl5 .• 1'l1. !I:30-8:00 pm 
Sat, SUn. 10:00 am-!l:OO pm 

Thursday, May 23, 1991 

HOUSING 
UniY City 3 Bdrm t t 12 Balli close to ~s. 
pool, w"""~, canyon view $11 DOfmo. 
558-2870. (5116-5130) 
Mikey ... It and 10 will you I Roommate 
needed in 3 bedroom13 bath Leucadia 
lownhome. ..aater bedroom with own 
fireplace, patio and bath available nowl 
Amenities include laundry, garage, 
dishwIIIher anCIocean viewlOnly $4SOImonIh 
to ~\18 in greal place with fun rO(J(ftmates. Call 
944-6330. (5123-515) 
Want 10 make money WIIile you are out 01 
town this summer? Rent your house. 
apartment 0( part thereof to responsible law 
students who will be clerking at Seltzer Caplan 
WoIdns and t.tcMahon In San Diego. Please 
call Maria Macias at 294-2801 , extension 
135 fO( further information. (411-613) 
Four bedroom townhouse to( rent 5 miles 
from campus. $350/monlhlroom. Utili~es 
Included. 457-0295.(519-616) 
AM ROOMMATE HOTLINE 24HR INFO 
SERVICE. For detells and to list free- 527· 
4045. To get listings dial 1-900-844-NITE 
(60483) . (512-616) 
Wanl to live in H~fcrest? Ro(J(n fO( rent in 
groovy housel Washer, small yard. close 10 
shullfe. super-centraJ. water paid: $325 a 
month (S300 Deposit)_ Call 295-2225 
Evenings.(519-616) 
Roommate needed In a 2-story. 380 condo 
on of Carmel Valley Road (611 ). AU amenities 
-washerldryer, dilhwalher. fireplace. pool! 
jacuul.patlo. NodeposltO(lastl$l251monlll 
plus 1 14 utilities. No smokers. Prefer neat and 
clean. call Tessie al481-8650. (519-5130) 
3BO. 1.5 SA condo for rent near UTC. 
Spacious (for 4-5 people) $1100. PBI1I. pool. 
patio • .- UCSOIbualines. Available mid-
June. Call 453-7022. (5113-5128) 
Liv ... lIIe beachl Nine month rentals. t.tany 
tochoolelrorn. 3 bedroom' 2 bath, 2 bedrO(J(ft. 
plus others. 483-353'. (5113-5123) 
Room In P.B./la Jolla for summer. tl weeki 
(June 28- Sept 14) fO( $1 OSO (95 per week) 
including utilities. Close to beach. bus. stores. 
Large hou .. wllaundry. Rle488-9905. (5116-
616) 
UTC NEARVONS. Own room. WfD. parking 
space, pool, cIoselObusstop & malls. $316.67 
+ 113 utilities. Female Prelerred. Aval15I6I91-
8125191_ Evenings 558-1 063 Hiroko. (5116-50' 
23) 
2 Single rooms In Univ. City available 6118. 
laundry, pool, $3251moSummer Sublet. Anne 
552-1357. (5116-5130) 
Roommate wentad in Pacific BeachJLa Jolla. 
Non-smoker for spacious 4BR house near 
ocean, starting 711. all amenities, fun friendly 
atmosphere. $380. last month. 114 utilities. 
Call 53'-5447. leave message. (5120-5123) 
Roommate wanted - single room $316.671 
month plus 113 utilities. Non-smoker. 
Clairemont, available 611 , dogIcat. 270-7463. 
(5120-5130) 
2 large rooms lor renl over lIIe summer and 
one lor FaH In apacious condo nelll 10 UTC_ 
Own bathroom. petie, wall-In closet. pool 
and carport for $350 per month tor each 
room. Call 551H1788 and ask lor GlorIa or 
Young. (5120-5130) 

Roon--. IIHdad. SIngle rvom In ttne 
~";l33Oarnonth. JUy 1~ 5-
CaII5I7-4t7t. AlII lor JIll. (5128) 
'1150, , ....... 7113 Camno GIoItIa. 
......" ... iIIIMr, gnoe, 3-4 perICIIII. 
......... t, m~ (5120-51301 

Thursday, May 23, L991 

Room aVailable In beautIful Universily CIty 
house only mInutes from campus. Pool, 
jacuzzi, 2foreplaces. baskelbaJloourt. washerl 
dryer. Plentofulparkong. $400 plus 114 utIlitIes. 
453-7610. (5120·5128) 
Crickets al night, sunny WIndow in the 
momlng , view of the canyon ... $300 monthly 
(share $t SO ~ 2). Own bIg room, huge closet. 
furnIshed. poof in complex. carpon. grounds 
keepIng. 5 mInutes to UCSD. available now. 
CALL IMMEDIATELY. Eric. 452-9407. (51 
20-616) 

Three rooms availabfe In four bedroom 
townhouse. Three bathrooms. washerldryer. 
dishwasher . microwave. garage . and 
swimming pool. Walk to school. Near bus 
Slop. Available in mid-early September. $l5O1 
roorrvmonth plus 114 utilities. No water fees. 
1 month deposit. Call 457·0304_ (5120-616) 
Room to sublet. mid-June to August or 
September. in North Mesa Apts_ Close 10 
campus and cheap toot Asking $240 including 
utilities. Call 4SO-2157. (5120-5128) 
Big master bedroom in big oondO. $3901mo, 
near Vons. bike to UCSO. Personal bath. 
pool. balcony and much more ... Available 
mid June. Caillor details. Pete, 452-2807. (51 
20-5123) 
Large 4 bedroom housel Walk to beach and 
village market. Huge backyard. La Jolla 
Shores, $3000. 459-2935. (5120-5128) 

Roommate wanted. mil to share 0( have own 
fO(J(n . Lg. condo in La Jolla. Laundry. garage. 
pool. fireplace, summer only, available 711-91 
15. $290lmo. plus 115 util~ies. Cyndi. 4SO-
1856. (5120-5123) 
Summer rental (0( longer): 3 bedroom condO 
near UCSD. nice and roomy. $11 SOlmonth, 
call 558-6368. (5120-616) 

RO(J(ftmate wanted (male 0( female) to have 
own room in spacious La Jolla townhouse. 
Beautiful oomple~ with 2 pools, ideal location. 
Available 6120-91 . $300 plus utili~es . Call 
552-3465. (5120-5123) 
CondO fO( rent. Avail 6116. near Vons. 3BR! 
2 Bath. Pool. $10SO, Call 452-7567. (5120-61 
3) 

Looking tor a place to live next year? Plan 
ahead I I need a female roommate to share a 
two bedroom luxury condo, close to campus. 
PooVjacuzzi. washerldryer. dishwasher, plus 
much more l $4 SO per month plus 112 utilities. 
Available 911 . Call Kristine. 558-4724. (5120 -
5130) 
CHEAP RENTI $281 _50/month plus tl 3 
utilities. Own rO(J(ft avaii. June 1, UTC, creative 
people. Kate. 452-2027. (5120-5128) 

2 rooms for rent in 4 bd house. Furnished. 
nice year. wid. N. Clalremont. 565-8536. (51 
20-5128) 
Need a place 10 stay this summer? Share a 
master bedroom in a great house in Del Mar. 
Close to beach and state reserve. All 
appliances. great backyard with a hot tub. 
Want more Information? Call Chrfstine at 
458· t683. (5120-5123) 
CondO avallable 6115. 3 bedroom13 balh. 2 
story. pool. spacious. $11501month. 455-
7883. Pasha. (5120-5123) 
Wanted: MaleJlemale. own room. furnished 
condo, near UCSO garage. washer/dryer. 
dishwasher. pool . jacuzzi. etc. $340 pfus 114 
uliitles. Available 6115 for summer. Call Kim. 
548-9131 , (5120-5123) 
Share a two bedroom. two bath apt Available 
only fO( July and August. Pool, jacuzzi. Near 
UTC. All for only $400/month. Female 
pre/erred. Cal 457-4612. (5120-&'3) 

2-3 roommates needed to share 4 bedroom 
house for summer only . Contact Eugene at 
457-3064 0( Jim at 558-2469 n Interested 
and we'lI give you more detalfs. (5123-616) 

LaJolaViII9IOrIUCSO-Malenon-smoMr 
wanted 10 share condominium in La Jolla 
VIIage Tennis Club. Own room. fully carpeled. 
shere full bath with one. Common areas tufly 
fuml8hed. $38OImonu.- lease for summer 
and'ornelll tIChOoI year. Free bu. 10 campus, 
WuIlerfDryer, pool. jacuzzi, tennis courts. 
J_ 455-1708 Cal before 5128 0( after 8/3 . 
AvWA June 15. (5123) 

IncIYIduaI roomaihOU .. fO( rent thIa summer. 
Huge yard, ..... to beadI. Call Doug 558-
5732.(5123) 
Sublet available. July 1 to September 1 5: two 
bedroom fumilhed as one-bedr"oom w/study, 
wleo_ed parklng. Near H~fcrest. $550/mth. 
Cd Stephen 294-9412.(5123-5130) 

3 Bdrm. Condo. La JoifalUTC. $371Jmonth, 
pool, jacuzzi , bustine. Shopping, non-
amd\ers, neer UCSD & beach. ~. clean. 
jlllldng.1IOrage.~. fumllhed kiIcIIen, 
nice placel AvWA ncM. 4S5-ea:Jg M8ureen, 
(5.'23-5128) 
..... bedroom lor 2 IemIiIeI ( ..... ) In 3 
bect2.5 bIIh U ~. 1.5 mIIu 110m 
c:an.--011 GIImM. o.r.g.t 1Iundry/ pool. 
0uIaI complex, cIoH 10 U VIIItge SquIre. 
Nolft'lddrlWl'Optli. $348/mCIntI ea1I (Sept.-
June) + 1/4 uIIIIIae_ Oepod In June. Jennifer 
450-2IIn.(5.'234'3) 

Summer Rental- Fully furnIshed Master 
bedroom. Soloflex . pool . spa. laundry. 
parklng- everylh ing . 5350 578-8679 
BradfO(d . (5123-5128) 
Roommate needed. Own room in 4 Br UC 
Condo. Washer/Oryer. cable. pool table_ 
Needed through August. Call MIke or Nick 
558-04 71 .(5123-5130) 

Live in Def Mar for the summer! We want one 
lemale to share master bedroom and 114 
ut,lh,es. Pool, jacuzzi, ocean view. walk to 
beach . etc. Call Vanessa 793 -0207 (5123-51 
28) 
BedrO(J(ft in 3 bedrO(J(ft apartment. POOl. 
jacuzzi. washer & dryer. Very close to UCSD. 
Available after finals. $l20-33OJmonth. Call 
Brei. Greg 558-2270.(5123) 
BEAT THE HEATTHIS SUMMER I Cool room 
(north-tacing window) in 3-br house, 112 block 
from Mora Mesa Mall (Vons. Sav-on. elc.) 
Amenitiesgalore: partiafly furn ished. washerl 
dryer. microwave, cable. lg kitchen, backyard. 
Ig garage. plenty o· storage space. cat. $2851 
mo. available when you are (Mayor June) to 
Sept. , . Call Steve, 282-7839_ (5123·613) 
Del Mar t8dlIBa Condo. $75OJmo. Pool. 
jacuzzi, sauna, tennis. lakes. Avail 6130. 
Phylis : 456-38n. (5123-613) 

Part-time chHd care (boy. 10) for room. board. 
SSO minimum weekly salary, use of car. 
Weekends. some evenings;no daytime hours 
on weekdays. Available September. Female 
non-smoker, Del Mar. 481 -6t1 5.(5128-616) 

La Jolla, walk to UCSD. $1250Imo .. 3 
bedrooms. 2.5 bath. 3-4 people. Available 91 
15. 757-4268_ (5120-5123) 

LOST AND FOUND 

Lost Soccer ball , Bright green. Lotto. Lost at 
IFC tournament 5114. Call Kevin for beer 
reward. 272-1628. (5123) 
LOSl- at EAE Paddy Murphy Dance. black 
leather hat. XL. Herschel. not a rental 587-
4862.(5123) 
Lost: Gold hearts with a~erna1ing stones at 
Sun God concen. May 17. Reward 453-9146 
Jackie.(5124-5126) 

PERSONALS 
Need cash? We buy CDs. tapes. videos. 
M usle trader 7094 Miramar Rd. 693-1469. (41 
22-616) 

JOHN MUIR COLLEGE 
AND THE 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSO's FACTORY OUTLET CLOTHING 
SALE Apparel DeSigner Zone olfers you 
50%-90% OFFI See the ad in thIS issue or 
call the holline 450-3323. Top styles for less! 
(4129-616) 
Position open: Fifth Residence Life special 
programs Intern. ReferraVappfication at 
Career Services. Due 5124. (5113-5123) 

Position open: Internabonal House newsletter 
edItor. Referral/application at Career 
ServIceS. Due 5124. (5120-5123) 
IncredIble L.A. getawayl 2 nIghts trom $69.95 
In the hean of Westwood or Beverly Hillsl 
Breakfast Included. Poof. free parking. 
charming European-style hotels. Walk to 
theatres. shops. restaurants, UCLA. (213) 
474-4506. (5120-5123) 

Gredultlng7 Parents coming? Here's a deal 
you truly deserve: call the Shell Beach Motel 
or the La Jolla Cove Motel. Beauliful rooms 
WIth wild Prospect SI. in back, the Cove In 
front. a great lime all around! UCSD visitor 
specials year-round. Call 459-4306 (Shell 
Beach) or 459-2621 (LJ. Cove). (5120-5128) 

Talent show is tonlghtl Sigma Kappa. Delta 
Sigma Phi. and Phi Defta Theta are ready I (51 
23) 
Way to go Powder Pull team Sigma Kappa. 
Chi Omega, and Delta Gammal You 're 
awesome I (5123) 
Sigma Kappa Spirit shined through on 
Sunday I Congratulations on winn ing Greek 
OIymplcsll!(5I23) 
To my sisters of SIgma Kappa- I'm SO proud 
of you and the spiril that shines th rough all of 
youl Greek Week was awesome and tonight 
will be the best of alii Get psyched for talent 
showl- Love, Shannon.(5123) 
Dawr>- I'm so excited for our trip to San 
Fefipe l- Love, Shannon. (5123) 
To my buddy Nancine the Oueen, We must 
definitely try out the dye. So you can be one 
ot those concen fanatics and so I can become 
a true Chinese once again. (5128) 

Ride for Rotary. t 21251SO miles Bike ride with 
the Rotaract Club of LJUCSO along scenic 
hills on June 2. Get free shin & Rollercoaster 
ride. Call 558-5771 . (5123-5130) 
To my Jammin' AOPi Little Sis Regina and 
the Pi Crew: Hey- "work it afl night" and "go 
Pi. go Pi. go Pi" at the Greek Week Talent 
Show 10nighll Good luck and have a BLASTI 
Love, your big sis. (5123) 
GREEK WEEK COMMITIEE: We made ill 
Thanx a million for all your hard workl 
Monique.(5I23) 

BELKIN MEMORIAL PUBLIC LECTURES ENOOWMENT PRESENT 

CAR L 
BORONKAY 

Genel1l1 Manager, Metropolitan W3ter District of Southem California 

1Vv. Boronkoy williolk obouf 

FUTURE WATER SUPPLY 
FOR 

SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA 

Thursday, May 23 , 1991 

104 
SOLIS HAll 

7:30 pm 

This ledure is free ond open 10 the public 

1l-f BElKIN ~ Pt..6OC lfCTI.JES WERE INAUGURATED IN 1979 

CLASSIFIEDS L3 

AUTO PORT MALL MIRAMAR 

roM~ Master Mechanics 
exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

' MuSI plesont coupen ond volid UCSO ID 01 lime or OSlomOIO 
No t VO~d \IooIilh mOJor engIne Or lrorumlSSlon repollS 

==11 CALL 1 RSC o 450-9494 , .. ,,, . 
:,. .. .:.::1 i""1tO'rs SIOU \S 

'z - . '"'-, .. .. .. « 
If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 

About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 

5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE L ____________________ ~ 

[ 

Q 

~ 
~ 

p 

M I R A 
MESA 

Pay for 2 
months and get a 

THIRD MONTH 
FREE 

SELF 
STORAGE 

with sludenll .D. 

Call about a 
FREE TRUCK 
& DRIVER 
to move you In. 

Early reservations a must! 

AU GROUND FLOOR UNITS 

~ _A MESA BLYO 
::~ .. 

JAGE ~ N STOA 
FLANDERS 

~ 
c 

!i 
.,; 

~ 
!I 
~ III ~ 

i 

7044 Flanders Drive 
behind Plaza Sorrento 

Shopping Center 

, ~"Dr. _MAR RD. '-' 453-0511 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas penn. hard Brown eyes to blue 

"'Includes; CL exam, care kit, myopic len es, 30 day follow up. 
Brands include B&L, Cooper. WI, Parapenn, 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

• 
• Quelltl' Il'.cer. 
• R.e.onebl. Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. I 



14 SPORTS The U CSD Guardian 

Ca~--c[ipy~~~+-I ~~r.~~,::;:t Of th' 
I Triton' s woes i enior Bob Knee. 
I who was one over on his round 
I through the fir , fifteen hole 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELD & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 flollday Ct. (next to Domino's Pizza) • 452-9949 
M·F 8 :30·6 p m . h 6/20 / 91 
Sat. 1-4 p.m. W,th ucso 10 

--

COf=JYTEX 
982J PI'" IC Hetghts Blvd . St • . J 

San Ilwtjjo. CA 92t2 t 

, 0% off With this add 

Desktop Publishing 
• Technical papers and theses 
• Reports 
• Resumes 

High Quality Copying 
• Manuals 
• Documents 

Graphic services . Offset printing 
Bindery serivces 

452·2121 

(a1l1-800-WIIAT NOW 
(.EOH<.GI:'\ & Sll.\~~ 

Auto Accident Attor 

Wedne day. but was five over on 
: Ihe last three 10 fini h with a six· 
l over 77. Combined with hi s fi rst· 

round total of a five·over· par760n 
I Ihepar.716,762.yardlayout. Hei 
I currently in thineenth place in the 

individual standing. on the trength 
of his 153 total. Methodi t's Bill 
Arli s is leading the field by two 
trokes in the individual competi . 

tion. firing a 73 and a 72 on the way 
to a two·day total of 145. 

Wydra ' fru tration wa appar· 
ent a hefelt that hi team could be 
in a much better position if it 
weren't for a few. co tly mental 
errors. "We're only lWO troke 
ahead of (tenth·place) Redland 
and we know we're a far uperior 
team," Wydra aid. " Every time 
we've played against them thi 
year. we've killed them." 

The weather condilion have 
cau ed a di tinct turnaround from 
Sunday and Monday' pract ice 
rounds, when the air was fairly 
calm over the Nebra ka plain , al· 

INABA 
ContInued from page 16 
her loenails were falling off. and 
that she had problems with blisters 
that were bleeding, 

The problems apparently 
tem med from Inaba' s heavy 
chedule. In addition to a full week 

PHILLER 
Continued from page 16 
will be able to write him elf a one· 
way ticket to the hall when his lime 
i up. 

And this year? As of Wednes· 
day. Gwynn was leading the NL in 
hilling with a .350 average. Will 
he keep it up? Probably nol. His 

Thursday, May 23, 1991 

TEAM STANDINGS 

1991 NCAA Division III Golf National Championships after two rounds 
at Firethom Golf Club, Lin oln, ebrn ka 
1 Mttllodllt CoIII&t (NC) J03.301 604 
2. Gustawa AdoIp/UII (MN) 305-308 613 
3. CSU San IIemdno 299-319 613 

OIioW..., .. 302·316 613 
5, Wittenberg (Ott) 308-317 625 
6. AIegIaIy CoItCe (PA) 307-320 627 
7. Wllllillton nI Lee 320-314 634 

I 8. UC San Diego 312·323 635 
Knox CoIege 305-330 635 

lowing th -ri tons to have their 
way wi th tlo-te ty Pete Dye layout. 
But the wind kicked up Tue day 
and ha been gusting relentles Iy 
ever since. 

' 'The wind has made it really 
hard out there. rt was blowing at a 
con tant clip of 30 to 35 miles an 
hour," he aid. ''That [bad weather 
condition J. combined with thi s 
tough course, make it a 10l harder 
on everyone. U ually [at nation· 
als Jthe course i hard or the weather 
is bad, but not bOlh like it is [at 
FirethomJ." 

The Triton ' core heet is filled 
outby Devin Thoma (79-81-160), 
Dale Abraham (76-86-162), Matt 
Stottem (82-8 1-163), and Jeremy 
Moe (81-84-165). Individually, the 
four Triton are in 18th, 20lh, 21 st, 

of practice, she was on the coun 
for both the team and doubles, as 
well as the single, championships 
in what LaPlante described as hot 
and humid weather. 

That, combined with the fact 
that he had to play Aurelia - a 
freshman who received a bye in 
the first round- ju t one hour and 

average is likely to drop a bit by 
season' end to, you know, some· 
where around .330. NOl bad. 

A elfi h playe r? Who knows. 
But it's doubtful. Ask any man· 
ager if he'd rather have a power 
hitter like Clark on hi team who 
might hit 20-30 homers and drive 
in 90- 100 run whi Ie s imulta· 
neou Iy belittling the team' best 

10, RIIIandI 315-322 637 
11. SIdGnoIe College (NY) 315-326 641 

s.m Stall (MA) 317-324 641 
13, NebraIkI Wesleyan 321-322 643 
14.M"'(IL) m.326 646 
15, Colle .. vi Wooster (OH) 316-331 647 
16.DIP_(lN) 316-332 648 
17. GIMIIIbonI Cole .. (NC) 326-325 651 
18, Christopher Newport (VA) 321-337 658 

and 23rd place. re pectively. 
"Devin i n' t playing nearly as 

well a he wa coming into the 
tournament," Wydra aid. "On the 
other hand, Malt i playing mar· 
velou ly well and 0 i Jeremy. 
Jeremy ' problem i that he ' avo 
eraging 35 to 40 putts a round out 
there and can't k.nock anything in 
the hole." 

Thing are far from a tOlall05s, 
however, as Wydra i confident 
that hi s quad will rebound from 
its initially mediocre performances. 

';1 know we can hoot a couple 
sub· 300 rounds on this course," he 
aid. "And, if we do, we'lImakeup 

a lot of ground really fa t on the 
other teams. If we play as well as 
we have all year, I'm ure we'll at 
least fini h in the top five." 

45 minutes afler defeating Allen, 
appeared to be too much for her 
feet. 

"She played as well as she pos· 
sibly could under the circum· 
stances," LaPlante said. "A lot of 
girls probably couldn't do what 
she did after playing a week and 
with the pain." 

players behind their backs, orsome· 
body like Gwynn, who is agiven to 
hit over .300 and lap out over 175 
hits a year, barring injurie ? The 
answer i obviou . 

Ever inceMartin LutherKing's 
name was voted down a a name 
for lhe convention center,l've been 
doing some thinking. I've got a 
ugge tion. Need 1 make it? 

MeAT "Info Day at Hyperleaming" 
Tuesday, May 28th, 3:00 to 4:00pm at Hypedeaming, Suites 1131 and 1132A of the La Jolla Village Prof Center, 
(behind the E-Bar and EI Torito, across the street from UCSD). 

..II.f~"".' !IHtl,... ........ ? 
At meetings and 144 hours (plus optional study lab, additional testing, and office hours) we offer the most intensive commercial prep coune in the 

country for the new format MCAT. How intensive? For an example, let's talk about those important new Vubal Communications subscores on the new test. 
Verbal skills now make up two of the four subscores, and will be key factors in selection of the 1992 class of med students, particularly among students with 
above average sciences scores. Did you know that we do more than 10 graded and/or critiqued essays in the Writing Sample component of our course? You 
work with a true expert in this field, drilling you on how to write the specific type (thesis/antithesis/synthesis) of essay that is required for the MeAT, and 
instructing you in the criteria of holistic scoring. Did you know thai we read more than 60 timed Velbal Reasoning pusagrs in class (with additional take 
horne passages), drilling you in V.R. until the speed reading, inference, and basic logic of the passages become second nature? Many of the students in our 
April course finished V.R. on the official test with more than five minutes to spare, after 15 weeks of practice with us. Did you know that we are writing speed 
reading study lab (and take-home) computer software for this summer's program? Nothing trains you in speed reading better than a computer! We treat our 
Sciences program with this same attention to your timed prrformance in thr test environment Full-time instructon with superlatin crrdentiall take you 
through two and one-half hours of fast-paced problem solving and test· taking skills each day, five days a week, for ten weeks: sevrn wrrks of topical review 
and passagr work, followed by tlUI~r werks of testing, all in a socratic, interactive and personalized environment. Like to find out more? 

>- Come on down and meet OUI instructors. Ask them any questions you may have about the course. 
>- We'll talk about the recent April test, and our program for the September 14th MCA T. 
>- We'll have great handouts on MCAT prep, med. school selection, and other items of interest. lOun-Midni .. 

LlU •• ___ I.-<!!~~~1.~ 
"Score like the Lakers, not the Clippers." /7/':1,.,.' ·,.al ·'II"!! 

Thursday, May 23,1991 

DECADE 
Continued from page 16 

"They were asking me 'Why 
didn't you tell u ?' I made a little 
speech and made some jokes about 
thing that happen to our program 
that I know happen to other pro· 
grams." 

This is the first time the award 
has been given, in recognition of 
the first decade of NCAA women's 
tennis. 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Regulations: 

· SENOTItEENTRYONAI'i8In"BY I. "SHEETOF' 

PAPER ALOMl 'A'mt YOUR NAME. YEAR IN SCHOOL, 
HOMETOWN. COL.LE<lE YO ATTEND AT UCSD. MAJOR, 
AND P!lONE NU .. BEA TO: SPORTS EorroR. UCSD 
GUARO'AN. 9500 G 'L"AN D.'VE 03 t6. LA JOLI.A. 
CA 92093-03 16. You CAN ALSO DOOf' ITO"" IN THE 
SPORTS EonoRS BOX AT THE G UARDIAN 0fFlCE. 
LOCATED IN nfE STUDENT CENTER, ACROSS FJlQM TIlE 
a"'M. 

·Au. UCSD ST\JD£NfS. STAFF. AND FA~'\JLTY 
ARE ELIGIBLE TO f..NTER. EXCEPT FOR G UARDIAN STAfF 
.. EMBERS AND E"'P\.OYEESDF BJ 'SCIlICAOO I'tzuRIA. 

.THE PERSOftro' WHO CO"'ES UP wrrn THE MOST 
CORRECT ANSWERS. AS DETERMINED 8Y THE JUOOES. 
WILL BE DeCLARED TIlE ORAND PRIZE WIft.,NER "NO 
WILL BE RECOGNIZED WHE1'1I THE QUIZ IS PN.INTED THE 
FOLLOWINO WEEK. IN niE EVENT OF A TIE. A ORAWINO 
WILL 8E UELD TO DETtRMlNt TIlE WiNNER. TIIOSE 
COR RECT ENTRIES NOT SELECTED AS THE OI(~D PRIZE 
WINNER WIU. 8E CO"{SJOERED RUNN[A5-UP. 

.oNLY ONE "<rOW pt" P£RSON PER QUIZ. No 
MASS-PRODUCED EMlCIES WILL 8E ACCEYTED. ENTRIES 
MUST BE AT nlE G UARDIAN BY NOON WEDNESDAY. 

-TilE GRANO PRIZE Wl."'NER WILL IlECEIVE A FREE 
DINNER FOR TWO AT OJ's CHICAGO P IZZERIA. 
R UNNERS-UP WilL RECEIVE A FREE PITCH ER OF 

MIOIELOB DRAFT BEER. OR SODA. AT BJ's. LOCAno 
IS l...A JOL.LA VILLAGE SQuARE. A USTOF ALL WINNERS 
WILL BE POSTED AT 8J's EACti WEEK AND WINNERS 
NEED TO SIIOW IDEN11FtCATION TO Q.AIM PRIZES. 

LaPlante graduated from San 
Diego State in 1979 and came to 
UCSD in 1980. Since then. he ha 
compiled a 183-73 record. 

In that time, UCSD ha won 
three national champion hip ,fin· 
ished second three times, and fin· 
ished third twice, including this 
season. 

rn addition, 22 Tritons have been 
named AII· American during her 
tenure and UCSD has won two 
doubles championships and one 

This week's questions: 
1. AsofMay22, who was leading 
the American League in batting 
average? 
2. Who won the 1990-91 NBA 
Most Valuable Player Award? 
3. What did UCSD's Bob Knee 
hOOl in the first round of the NCAA 

Division II[ national golf 
championships? 
4. What is the Padres' regular 
radio broadcasting team? 
5. Where are the 1991 NCAA 
Division III national track 
champion hips being held? 
6. Who was named the 1990-9 1 
NBADefensivePlayerofthe Year? 
7. Whal manager was recently 
fired by the Chicago Cubs? 
8. As of May 22, who was leading 
the National League in home run ? 
9. Which team recently signed 
pitcher Fernando Valenzuela to a 
one·year contract? 
10. True or False: UCSD 's Robyn 
Inaba lost in the first round of this 
year's Division III national tennis 
championships. 
Last week 's questions: 
1. Who did the Lakers defeat in 
the second round of lhi year's 
NBA playoffs? The Golden State 
Warriors 
2. What is Magic Johnson's real 
first name? Earvin 

IS GRADUATE RESEARCH ABROAD 
IN YOUR FUTURE? 

Fulbri$ht International Research Program 
applicatIOns are now available for the 1992-93 

academic year! 

Find out what it takes to be a Fulbright Scholar! 

APPUCATION INFORMATION MEETING 
WednesdlY, MIY 29, 3:00-4:00 p.m. 

Berkeley Room, Price Center 

c.J1 1143556 frx more ~tali. 
SponsonJd by the OffIce of Graduate Stud;., MId Research 

The UCSD Guardian 

singles champion hip. 
LaPlante noted that she thought 

the award was a recognition of the 
program and the players. A to 
whether the award could be a mo· 
tivating factor for years to come. 
he just laughed: " r think I should 

probably quit while I'm ahead." 
When asked what the future 

would hold. LaPlante said that she 
was unsure. 

"I never expected to coach this 
long," she said . 

3. Where do the Los Angele 
Dodgers play their home games? 
Dodger Stadium in Cha,'ez 
Ravine 
4. A of May 15, which team ha 
the worst record in the National 
League? The San Francisco 
Giants 
S. What foreign leader attended 
yesterday's Oakland Athletics· 
Baltimore Orioles game? Queen 
Elizabeth 
6. Who holds the National League 
record formostcareersto len bases? 
Lou Brock 
7. What Oakland A's star was 
photographed coming out of 
Madonna 's New York apanment 
la t weekend? Jose Canseco 
8. Who is the San Diego Padres' 
first baseman? Fred McGriff 
9. What is the new name of 
Akeem Olajuwon? Hakeem 
Olajuwon 
10. True or False: The UCSD 
men's tennis team placed second 
in this year's NCAA Division Jl1 
national champion hip . Fal e 

Lasl week 's winner: 
Kim Kvarda , Warren , Senior, 
P ychology - San Diego, CA 

Runners·up: 
List of 22 posted at Bl's 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral students (64·91 %), after 
COfl'l)Ieling their course work. remain with 
a dissertation pending completion indefi· 
nitely. Among these ABDs iAII·B:1·the· 
Dissenalion) are generally found the 
brightesl and mosl creative candidates. 
Addressing lhose elerTl'lnts involved in de· 
taying completion, lhe workshop guides 
partiClpanls. from beginning 10 following 
through and completion. panlCUlarly after 
years ollnacl,v,ly and regardless of where 
they are in the process. 

Workshop information 
985-0426 

Postgraduate Group 

AnENTION 
FOREIGN 
STUDENTS a 
VISITING 
SCHOLARS 

THE LAW OFFICE OF HOWARD 
HOM, Los Angeles, is pleased 
to announce the expansion of 
his immigration law practice to 
San Diego, in partnership with 
Gail A. Dulay. 

DULAY. HOM 
110 West "COO Street 
The Chamber Building 

19th Floor 
San Diego, CA 92101 

(619) 237·5032 
Mr. Hom IS a fonner T nal Attorney With 
the U.S. hnmlgratlon and Naturaliza-
tIOn SeMce and IS a cenlfied !mmlgra-
tIOn Law Specialist. State Bar of Cal Ifor· 
nla. Ms. Dulay I~ a former Deputy Public 
Defender. County of San Diego. The 
office provides a free consultation. and 
Saturday appolntmcn are available. 

SPORTS 15 

SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE BACK PACKS 
(BACK PACK TO SUITCASE) 

A 65 REG. $119.99 NOW 79.99 
WA 63 REG. 129.99 NOW 89.99 
WA 68 REG. 139.99 NOW 99 .99 

fNTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 
DUPONT COR DURA • LIFETIME WARRANTY 
"FAMOUS TRAILS" . "MEl" . "EAGLE CREEK" 
"EASTPAK" ALL AT LO W DISCOUNT PRICES 

____ rtI' ............. ... ................. . \W ... ~~~,.: Over 2000 travel books 8 maps. lug· : 
. gage. packs. carts. money belts. pass· ra: 

fN P.B. 
SINCE 

: port holdels. ne.:k pi llows. voltage : ( _ 
• convertors . • ... .. , 
: ... !"t~~!>.F!~!>~ 9.F: ~!m!>.~~~ ..... :: :" -

Ii· 
-soepQf' )irQJleiW TRAVEL BOOKS MAPS 1986 ~ ..... LUGGAGE & ACCESSOR'ES 

1S39 Garnet, Pacific Beach, Phone - 483-1421 
Mon-Fri 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Sat & Sun 10 a.m.-S p.m. 

r--------------------, Nail Specials I II I ~ I 
ACRYLIC $18 99 I" I 

!!~5~LS • I : 
Tip Overlay $24.95 I 

Fills $12 Reg. $15 • New clients only 
Fiberglass Nails with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 

Manicures & Pedicures $15.95 
Wlxing Stlrting It $3 

Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

NAILS BY JENNIFER MEN AND WOMEN 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd., Ste. 103 & 104 I 
(Next to Burger King) 560-0325 • 560-5081 I 

L Not valid with any other offers. Exp. 616191. ..I 
--------------------

FIRST MONTH 1 /2 PRICE* 
Storage Spaces For Rent by the Month 

• PillS a $6.00 oliminisrrarivc lee 

" .. .freshness, 
sophistication ClAIREMOIT MESA 8000 Raytheon 

(1·805 10 Clairemonl Mesa exit 
and go casl) 

MIRAMAR AREA 
9550 Kearny Mesa 

(NearComerof[· t5 & Miramar 
Rd.) 

IIORTH SAN DIEGO 
11303 Sorrento Valley Rd. 

453-6100 
" 27H414 

FIR ADOml .... 
LlGAnOIS CAll 
1·80H4STORE 

Ex!, 0 ,)0191 

566-7090 

MISSION BAY 
5175 

Pacific Highway 
299-8853 

Good at all 
an Diego locatio"s 

• 

•• 



16 SPORTS 

SPORTS PHILLER / ;JH _ G1l E\ 

Gwynn for Mayor 
- Well, Not QuHe 
I SAW TONY GWYNN'S FA EON the side of a bus the other day. ,ldvertising Channel 
51'~ spons program. "What a 
team." I think it said. "The 
Padres and ChannelS!." 

Channel 51 could have easily 
u~ed the Padres ' logo or a team 
picture (0 adveni e it progmm. 
It also could have cho. en from a 
h . t of Padre. players. coaches, 
and per!>onnel to advertise it~ 
product. 

It could have. 
But the station cho~e Gwynn 

lIl,tead. 'Illd. in a cenain ~e nse. 
chose him as a symbol of the 
city. 

In a lot of ways. he is. 
Gwynll is relatively home-

grown - he grew up in os 
Angc1c, and allended college aI 
S,1Il Diego State Universi ty. He 

i~ your quintessential athlete -
one of tho,e all -around AII-

meric:1ns. He gives to the 
commullity. makes himself 
accc"ible to the media. and 
doesn't involve himself with 
drug, or boozing. And he hits. 

nd hit, and hits and hits. 

e VI' LAS, year. he was hit upon by fom1er 
tealllmalt:s Mike Pagliarulo and 
Jack lark for being a selfi sh 
player. Gwynn lost his c 1. He 
lashed back, even continuing a 
pers nal tit-for-tat feud with 

lark in the papers well into the 
winter. omebody even hung a 
voodoo doll of him in front of his 
locker toward the end of the 
\ea~on. 

So last year wa n't a good 
year for Gwynn. then. right'? 
Hiudly. Even with all the 
distractions, Gwynn st illll1an-
aged to hit .309 and fini shed 
eighth in the league with 177 
hit . But then again. thi is 
nothing new for one of the best 
hitter, in ba eball, and probably 
one of the top two most consis-
tent hillers in baseball for the 
past nine years (Wade Bogg is 
the other). That is, of ourse. 
' ince he began pmying ball 
around every ballpark in the NL 
since hi s rookie year in 1982. 

G WYNN liAS the kind of tools people write books 
about. (Famed columni t 
George Will, in fact, did so in hi 
recent book Men al Work). He's 
got the kind of hitting sk ill that 
players like Ty Cobb, Tris 
Speaker, and Roger Hornsby 
took with them into the Hall of 
Fame. 

There i little question Gwynn 
See PHILLER, Page 14 

SPORTS 
-------------

The UCSD Guardian 

Wind Blows GoH Away 
• Tritons fight elements 
through first two rounds 
of nationals at Firethorn 
Golf Club in Nebraska 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD golftellll1,you 
might say, was blown 
away by Firethom Golf 

lub Tue day and Wed-

limping to a two-day lOla I of 635, 
tying them with Knox College (IL), 
and trailing eventh-place Wa hing-
ton and Lee (V A) by a single troke. 

• TEAM STANDINGS: Complete 
team standings from the Division 
III golf national .......... PAGE 14 

Defending champion Methodi t Col-
lege (NC) i etting the pace with a 
tWO-day total of604, nine trokes bet-
ter than econd-place Gustavu 
Adolphus. 

Thursday, May 23, 1991 

nesdayas it s truggled to a 
tie for eighth place through the first 
two rounds of play at the CA 
Divi ion III go lf nation,1I champion-
ships. 

The Tritons have had panicular 
trouble with the Nebm 'ka wind while 

According to UCSD Head Coach 
Mike Wydra, it isn't as though the 
Tritons have been playing 0 poorly, 
as much as they ' ve ju t been victim-
ized by an occas ional bad hole. A 

See GOLF, Page 14 

Norqu 
According to Head Coach Mike Wydra, Matt Stottern 
has played well at nationals with a two-day total of 163. 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
Robyn Inaba battled problems with her feet through two rounds in the singles championships. 

laPlante Receives Top Honor 

UCSDSportl 

Liz LaPlante 

• UCSD women's tennis head coach is named 
NCAA Division III Coach of the Decade 
By Peter Ko 
Sports Editor 

UCSD women's tennis head 
coach Liz LaPlante was named Ihe 

C A Division III Women' Ten-
nis Coach of the Decade by her 
peers. and was honored at a ban-
quet on Tuesday at Emory Univer-
sity in Atlanta. Georgia, the site of 
this year's women' s tennis national 
champion hips. 

According to LaPlante, she was 
notified about the award a few 
month ago. "I wa very honored 
and kind of shocked. I was real 
thankful." she said. "It's nice to be 
recognized." 

LaPlante, however, did not tell 
her players about it, and they did 
not find out about the award until 
the banquet. 

See DECADE, Page 15 

Second 
Time Not 
Charming 
• Robyn Inaba is 
ousted in second 
round of nationals 
By Peter Ko 
Sports Editor 

Rob yn Inaba is 
looking for a new 
et of wheels. 

Inaba , the 1990 
Rookie of the Year, 

was eliminated from the 1991 
NCAA Division III women's 
tennis singles national champi-
onships by eighth-seeded 
Jacqueline Aurelia of Kala-
mazoo 6-2, 6-2 in the second 
round on Monday at Emory 
University in Atlanta, Georgia. 

lnaba had defeated unseeded 
Traci Allen of Sweet BriarCol-
lege 6-1 , 6-3 in the first round, 
Inaba wa un eeded as well. 

According to UCSD wo-
men 's tennis Head Coach Liz 
LaPlante, Inaba had problems 
with her feet throughout the 
singles tournament. 

LaPlante said that Inaba had 
infections in her big toes, that 

See W. TENNIS, Page 14 

Track Qualifies for Final Round in Eight Events 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD track and field team 
had a solid first day at the NCAA 
Division III men's and women's 
track and field championships, as 
the Tritons qualified individuals 
for the final round of competition 
in eight eparate event . The four-
day event continues through Sat-
urday and is being hosted by 
Baldwin-Wallace College in Berea, 
Ohio. 

On the men' ide, Scott 
Sargeant qualified for the final in 
hi two favorite events, the ham-

mer thro w and the discu . 
Sargeant 's 198'7" effon in the 
hammer was the best overall throw 
of the day and his 155'1" mark in 
the discus wasn't too shabby ei-
ther, placing him fifth overall go-
ing into Friday' final . Sargeant 
i the defending champion in the 
hammer. 

Also, 1.1. Cisneros qualified for 
the finals in the long jump with a 
mark of 22'10", good for ninth 
place. 

On the negative side. PaulJohn-
son and Paul Cogbill both failed to 
quali fy for the final in the pole 

vault and the hammer throw, re-
pectively. 

In the women's competition, 
UCSD did particularly well as the 
Tritons qualified for the finals in 
five separate events. 

Erica Washington led the way 
for UCSD, as she sprinted to a 
individual best of 24.87 in the 200 
meters, placirfg her third overall. 
Her previous best time was 25.08. 

In the women's 4xl00 meter 
relay, the team of Washington, 
Vicki Dunckley, Michelle Mil-
ledge, and Yvette Marzullo clocked 
a 48.83 -the ixth fa te t time of 

the day - on the way to qualify-
ing. 

To no one' urprise. Shannon 
Quigley qualified for the final in 
theshotputwithathrowof44'81/ 
4", which placed her fourth. 

In addition, Denise McFayden 
and Bobbie Octavo advanced to 
the finals of the 1500 meters and 
javelin, rc pectively, by defauh 
after their preliminary rounds were 
cancelled. 

Qualifying rounds continue to-
day, while the finals in the various 
events will take place on Friday 
and Saturday. 

AR:fS & ENTERTAINMENT 

THURSDAY 
Move Your Hips 
r.7 W orldBeat Productions 

~ welcomes Loketo (which 
means "move your hips") the 
War Memorial Building in 
Balboa Park at 8 p.m. This ' 
eight-piece band from Zaire 
plays music in the West Afri-
can style "soukous," and 
delivers their supercharged 
dance beat with on-stage 
acrobatics and dancers. For 
more info. and tickets, cal1 259-
0803. 

THURSDAY AND 
FRIDAY 
Australian 
Performance Art 
r.7 Come be exposed to the 
~ beauty of the aborigines at 
"A Walkabout Continuum: 
30,000 years of Australian 
Performance Art." Thursday's 
event, which begins at 7:30 
p.m. in the UCSD Center for 
Music Experiment (in Mandev-
ille Hall) will feature age-old 
songs and dances by members 
of the Pintupi tribe from central 
Australia. Friday's highlight 
includes a communal sand 
painting event, complete with 
student involvement, at noon 
outside the tUCSD Grove 
Gallery. Admission to these 
events is free. For more info. 
call 534-3400. 

FRIDAYTHRU 
SUNDAY 
Ringmaster TWigg 
r.7 Come be lured to a circus 

~ by a powerful magician in 
"The Terrible Tale of Ringmas-
ter Twigg" at the San Diego 
Convention Center (111 West 
Harbor Drive). This dance/ 
theater extravaganza, which 
features a cast of over 315, will 
be peJfonned at 7:30 p.m. with 
an additional 2 p.m. matinee on 
Sunday. Tickets: $5 by calling 
234-5853, or $7.50 at the door. 

By Andy Clarke and Simon Hobbs 
- Guardian Reporters 

adoll n :1 stripped 

twice la ·t week; first, at the 

Cannes Film Festi,'al and scc-

and, in her bio-concert (ilm that 
purports to show II . the icconc-

under-the-corset - "Truth or 

Dare." 

Since he 

emerged onto the 

scene in 1983, Ma-

donna has become 

the music industty's top tCl11a\c star. 

One of the world's tcn richest women , 

(she has amassed $200 million from the 
'Sales of 50 million albums) she is an artist 
whose music - at times - seems totally 

incidental to her appeal. Madonna has 

always been more dedicated to 

provocation than evocation. She 

is an icon whose song~ take 
second place to the sc.lndal 

that surrounds bel' or her 

videos. 

Directed by 26-year 

old Alex Keshishian, 
"Truth Or Dare" 

chronicles the intimate 

life ofMadonn~l during 
her 1990 "Blond 

Page H2 

Thursday. May 23,1991 H1 



2 HIATUS 

Oscar Switch 
One Good Cop FIX 2 

ToY' Soldier. I Out For Justice 
Truth Or Dare What About Bob? 

University Town Centre 452-7766 

Stone Cold Backdraft 
Mannequin Two: On The Move 

Hudson Hawk Drop Dead Fred 
Swikh Thelma And Louise 

La Jolla Village 453-7831 
What About Bob 
Truth Or Dare 
Impromptu 
FIX 2 

Cinema 283-5909 
May 24-25: Baxter 

May 26-June 1: Ay, Carmela 

E Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 
Horror Picture Show 

IN THE NEWS 
Round Table Pizza in the Price Center has just introduced a 

new creation: The Lancelot Pizza. Prict:d regularly, this pizza 
lacks tomato sauce. but in its place it has five different type of 
cheese (including ricolla and pamlesean) and the be t feature of 
all - lots of garlic. If you get a chance, try it out. 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
The Iri h band U2 is having a difficult time keeping their 

new album a sec re t. It eem that the album, lated for an 
October '9 1 re lca e, ha been bootlegged and circulated among 
an unto ld number of ambitious fans. 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
It 's about time Uncle Sam stepped in and did omething 

about CD longboxes. Washington Congressman Al Swift, a 
fonner OJ, reports that he " might make a solid recommendation 
[in upcoming legi lation) that the industry think about an 
altemat i ve." This idea has come about on the heels of proposed 
leg islatio n in California and New York to ban the environmen-
ta lly un ound packaging method. 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
Some new releases to watch for: Elvis Costello, Paula 

Abdul, Marshall Cren haw, The Doors, Mighty Lemon Drop , 
Liquid Jesus, Richard Thomp on, EMF, Laverne Baker, Ike 
and Ti na Turner. and those Aussie goldenthroat the Bee Gees 
(no, they still haven' t been shot). 

By Bryan Dlas and Dave Linberg 

H AIRCUTS by Mar 
Women $17 (reg. 25) 
Men $14 (reg. $i 9) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

$50 Perm & HaircLII or f-Jiglllight & Hairc lII 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Sle. 2120 
FOR APPOiNTM ENT PLEASE CALL 

The: UCSD Guard ian 

MADONNA 
Continued from H1 

Ambi tion" tour. Madonna 
thrive on provoking the 'guard-
ians-of-the world-morality .' With 
"Truth or Dare," their eyebrows 
aren ' t merely going toberai ed -
they ' ll probably be in the strato-
phere. 

But what hock the police, the 
morali t , and the Roman Catholic 
Church delights the fans. When 
embarking on the project, 
Ke hi hian wanted to explore how 
'celebrity' altered not only 
Madonna's life, but also the lives 
of her own family and her entou-
rage on the tour. 

Thus, we see her highs (and the 
very lows) as she tries to pull to-
gether the disparate element of a 
failing tour.The strain how, too, 
If you see a video of "Lucky Star" 
or "Borderline," compare it to the 
Madonna you ee in "Truth or 
Dare: ' 

In the early '80 • Madonna was 
a youngster, flUShed with her first 
success and desperate to go fur-
ther. As the movie demon trates, 
he is now elf-assured to the ex-

treme, but the arti t appears to be 
jaded. "(' m sodcsperate," she men-
tions at one point. 

o longer is she just a inger 
with a voice-on-helium style and a 
look that inspired countless teen-
age wannabes. Out is the persona 
of a gum-c he wing, pouting woman 
with dark g las es and dark roots. 
Madonna i now Monroe, We t, 
and Dietrich all in one. 

The concert sequences are shot 
in brilliant color and are suppo -
edly , inKe hi hian's word ,meant 
to repre ent the theatricality that 
Madonna lives within most of the 
time. Cenainly, it compares bril-
liantly to the grittier black-and-
white section during the rest of 
the film. 

To capture the full effects of the 
Blond Ambition tour, a total of 
twenty-three cameras were used 
for each show. Consequently, the 
audience get s the complete ex peri-
ence of Madonna 's conical D-cup 
monstro itiesstrapped toherchest, 
part of her 1990 corse try from Jean 
Paul Gaultier. 

On the big creen, they look 
even more like a pair of gladiato-

nal accessories or World War O ne 
helmets. 

Throughout the seven produc-
tion numbers, Madonna proceeds 
to do naughty things with a chair, a 
cassock, and an altar rail. 

In the "Likea Virgin" sequence, 
her simulated masturbation goes 
into overdrive to taunt the Toronto 
police who attended the concert to 
check on its decency. Ona red bed, 
leg played, Madonna has her 

anatomy licked by two male danc-
ers with strap-on foam rubber 
breasts. Even " Primetime" (the first 
show to air the "Justify My Love" 
video) would balk at showing this. 
But then again, maybe not. That 
show was the highest rating one of 
its season. 

The real interest (and no doubt 
Madonna knows this) is the actual 
truth or dare side to the- film. Such 
scene as her now-famous inter-
play with Kevin "takes from the 
rich and gives to the poot" Costner 
and former beau Warren Beatty. 
You ee the relationship between 
the predominantly gay dancers and 
the matriarch-like singer,combined 
with Madonna's attempts to deal 

Thursday, May 23, 1991 

with her brother's alcohol prob-
lem . 

It· all fascinating, but you do 
wonder if the whole film is a clever 
exerci e in public relation . Ma-
donna is credited as being execu-
tive producer and everal cene 
do bear the heavy trace of being 
s tage-managed . 

These are al 0 the cene that 
make you feel the most uncom-
fortable, for example the in tance 
of a childhood friend (Madonna 
claims, sexual partner) who asks 
her on camera to be the godmother 
of her next child. It's not only the 
prospect of Madonna as a god-
mother that makes you wince, but 
the overall rigidity and tackiness 
of the scene. 

Madonna's albums sell millions 
and her private life is the stuff of 
tabloid editors' dreams. Yet her 
tarring-role movies ("Who's That 

Girl" or "Shanghai Surprise," any-
one?) do negligible business . 

For a singer who is so obses-
sively telegenic and such an eager 
creature of screen fantasies, it could 
not have taken much persuasion 
from Alex Keshishian for her to 
allow a film that combined her 
music and her personal life. 

"Truth or Dare" does, however. 
prompt the question of what Ma-
donna can possibly do next. We've 
now seen her fellate a bottle, strip 
for the camera, and struggle to 
wake up while under the influence 
of sleeping pills. 

If each incident was done indi-
vidually, "EntertainmentTonight" 
would have enough material for a 
year's programming. 

Sometimes the philosophy 'Ies~ 
is more' can be levelled against the 
movie's revelations. Having seen 
the film, you feel it is a fitting 
testament to one of the most ex-
traordinary artists of the last two 
decades, but there is very little 
mystique left hanging a ro und Ma-
donna, 

But here the Queen of Pop glee-
fully does what she is best at while 
enthralling her fans, maki ng oodles 
of money and e nraging the Estab-
lishment. 

The latter have been whipped 
into a frenzy by the film. They 
would probably smack her bottom 
for being a naughty girl, only judg-
ing from "Truth or Dare," Ma-
donna would just love that. 

T hursday, May 23, 1991 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 3 

Seattle's Screaming Trees M.:ll)~.~EvIEws I 
• Yet another success story from the Pacific Northwest wel l-deserved airt ime. 

Unfo rtunate ly, there is not a 
By Dave Lindberg 
Staff Writer 

For a band to receive commer-
cial uccess in the '90 . MTY plays 
the single large Irole in promoting 
it' mu ic. However. not all mod-
em bands sub cribe to the theory 
that panning for the MTV audi-
ence is the best route to succes . 
What end up happening is that 
regions - or more specifically, 
cities - develop their own 
"sound." While many mu ic fans 

credit Manche ter. England, as the 
hone. t city around for new mus ic, 
there are several bands hailing from 
the Pacific Northwest who would 
like to change your mind. 

Se;l ttle, Washington emerged 
in the latter part of the '80 and into 
the'9O asoneofthe most unlikely 
producer of modern mu ic. and is 
home to some of the bigge t names 
in the underground music cene. 
The Screaming Tree are a band 
trying to add their name to the 

growing list of 
success stories 
that inc lude 
Soundgarden , 
Mother Love 
Bone. Mud-
honey, Nir-
vana, and of 
co urse, Jimi 
Hendrix. 

In a recent 
i nt erview, 
Screaming 
Trees guitar-
ist, Gary Lee 
Conner, spoke 
about thi s e-
attle "sound." 
his band' 
placeintoday's 
music scene. 
and their Epic 
debut, "U ncle 
Anesthes i a. ,. 

To be tech-

Screaming Trees: Nothing like a Top 40 band. 
nicallypreci e, 
the Screaming 

A.5. 

Tree aren't from Seuttle . but 
rather, from Elle nsburg. Washing-
ton. a suburb ofSeallle. Theseguys 
will be the fir t to tell you that 
Elle nsburg isn ' t exactly a Mecca 
for musicians. onner e xplain-
ed,"The only kind of mus ic scene 
going on around here is s inging in 
the hower or my cat out on the 
back porch." 

The Screaming Trees really 
don't want to lend their names to 
the lit of Seattle bands, i nee they 
neither sound nor look like any of 
the Seattle groups - but they ap-
preciatenew fans nonethe less . This 
band is unique in many ways, from 
their di taste for the mu ic indus-
try to theirdubiou radio exposure. 
The Trees are anything but a Top 
40 band , but according to 
Conner:'The local Top 40 station 
in Ellensburg has ·tarted picking 
up some of our tunes. we couldn't 
believe it ." 

Before the release of "Uncle 
Anesthesia." the Screaming Trees 
played together for seve ral years. 
not gelling ove rly anxious about 
being signed to a major label. In-
stead. they look this time to record 
three E.P.'s and an L.P. for inde-
pendent labe ls. Conner ex plained. 
"So many bands worry if Lhey don' t 
ge t s igned ri ght off the bat ; we took 
the timeto get really tight as n band 
and let the res t just happen, so 
we ' re really optimisti c at thi s 
point." 

Sounds like good advice . 

Jambay 
Jambay 
Run If You Can Records 

How is it possible to review a 
compact di 'c with impartiality af-
ter once spending 16 fun-filled 
hours listening 10 the Grateful Dead 
while driving between San Diego 
and Eugene, Oregon, with this 
band 's drummer? 

Fortunately, the drummer' s 
band is Jambay - and their musi-
cal talent s overshadow any pe r-
sonal bia es toward the band. This 
rock -jazz - reggae- funk-cou Illry-
polka four 'ome has finally made (I 
bid 10 escape the U D and local 
San Diego scene with their first 

Don the independent Run If You 
Can Records. 

Jambay is a very clean. ti ght 
album. Fo r Jamb(lY fans, the cl ar-
ity of compact disc recording wil l 
be a re lief. No longer will they 
have to re ly on bootlegs and demo 
tapes to I is ten to this rema rkable 
band. 

And more importa ntl y, Jambay 
has finally recorded o n 1I medium 
that could bring thi s band some 

song on J (I II/bay that screams 
.. ingle! Single!" in the comex t of 
the local rad io scene. Songs like 
"Slowly" and " Dragon" cou ld fi nd 
their way onto 9 1 X . but stations 
like B 100 are not yet ready for 
Jambay - and so. it seems. ne ither 
is compact disc technology. 

Last Saturday 's show at the 
Price Center Theater - ce lebrat-
ing the release of Jambay - dem-
onstrated that this is a group to be 
taken in very large doses. Jambay 
needs room to explore during their 
songs. 

Unfortunately, like the Grate-
ful Dead, Jambay is hard-pressed 
to condense their Ii ve performances 
in a studio-recorded compact di sc. 
The re are numerous trademark 
"jams" on Jambay, most notably 

n "Mercury," " The Relentless 
Cac tus," and " Bad Coffee," but 
the elements of experimentation 
and spontanaeity are, almost by 
de tinit ion. losr in the studio ver-
sions. 

There are a few surprises on 
.Iall/bay. The o riginal cover an . 
whil e impressive, gives the fa lse 

impre~s i on that Jambay is a New 
Age band. 

Also. perenni (l l audience-favor-
ites " Send Them All Away." 
"Ocean." and "Fun Bus." have been 
left off thb di sc. Of the three. 
"Send Them All Away:' which 

ha~ been in th is band'~ repertoire 
~i nce it!. inception. has the most 

See ALBUMS, page H4 

LECTURE NOTES 
IS HIRING! GRADUATE IN "SUITE" STYLE 

1.5. Lecture Note. Serylce is now hiring notetakers for Fall 
Quarter, 1991. We have roughly 30 positions available paying 
$8.49 per hour. We're looking for motivat~d students to take 
notes in classes they've previously completed with an A or B . 
Various courses in the following areas are under consideration: 

ArmtROPOLoiY ECONOMICS 

BIOLOGY HISTORY 

CHEMISTRY PHILOSOPHY 

COMMUNICATION POLmW SCIENCE 

CSE PSYCHOLOGY 

SociOLOGY 

EMBASSY 
--~--SUI T E S SM 

HOTEL 
SPECIAL UCSD GRADUATE RATE 

$89 OO~ 1 'I persons per sUite • 9,., ta,~ applies 
• Luxurious two-room suite with wet bar, 

refrigerator, and microwave oven 
• Full free cooked-to-order breakfast 

every morning 
• Free cocktails for two hours each evening tt 
• Swimming pool , whirlpool, sauna, and sundeck 
• 2 miles from the UCSD campus 

Anyone interested in applying for Fall Quarter 1991 notetaker 
position should pick up a job referral at the Career Center and 
obtain an application at the Lecture Notes office located next to 
Soft Reserves. 

• Pncc IS PC' ~UJ '(!. pe' niS"!. Dnd lJa~ca on twallab/ltt, 
It SUVjOCI 10 .I"IC' and loc"llaw5 

For Reservations Call 
(619) 453-0400 

Embassy Sui tes Hotel - La Jolla, 4550 La Jolla Village Dr., 
San Diego, CA 92122 , (619) 453-0400 



4 HIATU 

Loud Music. 
chedelic 
ights. 

(Just What Jim Morrison Had In Mind.) 
I. .\ ... E H I l .\1 P!t ESE :\ T S 

THE DOORS 
1111~ 1.1'\'1 I I.!.! I 11 ~ilo\\ 1I11111dl'~ \ 11111 1.1\ (1IiI\' I )(lor~ I lib lilt 11Idlllg 
II.~/Jt 1/1 111'(,. NI'<'rI~' ( )/1 "'''f//I.~'' .Intl Nuh'l\ (II/ 1"<, \ 1111'1/1 \\ l11k· 
knpltlll .11lt! .11 gil 11 1.1'1 I' .lIl ,ilolll\l'Iill"ld lilli ' I'lI1k 11I1\tI, 

/l1( II ,III I, ,1111 pl.l\ Illg REUBEN H FLEET 
( .ill 25~ I 1(\'-, 101 ,1111\\ IlIlIl'~ 51 ~ 

i1ll'lll(lllll' h\ H.llh('.II'.lIk 1(llliglli ~ 
1111 hglll \ (ilil Ilil' THEATER AND SCIENCE CENTER 
_'(I /1"111/11// 1\ 11/1 " /1'/('//11/1 ) lKGa FM 

THE . OF AMERICA IS •.. 

ql~< ~r~\(" 
. fAvlj' 

FRIDAY· MAY '4 . 8 PM 
UCSD MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

The UCSD uardian 

ALBUMS 
Continued from H3 
commercial appeal. and could've 
been the" ingle! ingle!" that 
would've attracted local radio sta-
lion!>. 

lambu i n t a campus band 
anym reo The band members have 
matured !lIn e their early incarna-
tion a!l the bund Runaway Bus, 
Singer/Guitari t helly Doty ha 
be orne more comfortable as a 
frontper!lon. and her vocals -
omewhere between Tracy 
hapman und 10un Annatrading 

- have become m re powerful 
and con istent. 

Ba ist Mike ugar and drum-
mer Mati Butler have. if pos ible. 
be me even tighter during temp 
change . and the completion of the 
lineup with !>inger/guitari t Chri 
Haugen givcl> thi!. band even more 
diver~ity . 

Haugen'~ ocale change with 
o ty on!. ngs like "Dead In The 

fa!.'" are !.ome of the highlights 
n JUII/hay. 

ut whatever clm,,> you ure in 
right no~ and go out and buy thi 
album. You probably will not hear 
any of the !.ong · on the radio. but it 
will be a di ' Ihat you will want to 
li!>ten to over and over: it' perfect 
to put on f r partie . studying. and 
even hile cleaning your toilet. 

With the potential that lambay 
hu!> di.,pla cd n this disc and dur-
ing their live shows.Jwlllmycould 
tum out t be unother Murmur. 

- Greg Huffstutter 

Front 242 
Tyranny For You 
Epic 

What has ront 242 cooked up 
for you now? Acc rding to the 
hardcore industrial band's latest 

relea~e. "Tyranny For You." it i a 
health d sc of tyranny und trag-
edy. I r tho e two \ ord were ever 
meant t be put to I11U i . Front 242 
ha dis ered the 'ound that best 
fits them. 

For anyone who is a 242 fan. 
thi album i~ what ou 've come to 
e peet from them. For the casual 
listener or omeone who ha!> never 
heard them beforc"Tyranny"cou Id 
be de cribed us a ero between 
'ome type f scary dance in 'anity 
and the undtrack to Conan The 
Destroyer. 

In agr winggenreofindu trial 
music. Front _42 remain one of 
the master of the sound, With a 
uece sful blend of hammering, 

driving. machine-generated drum 
beats. and a quick. grooving key-
board rhythm. 242 'ets the stage 
for their deep. almost gothic key-
board backgrounds. and their low. 
growling vo als. The product i an 
album with the speed to get you 
moving with an intensity that i 
almo·t menacing. 

The album ''Tyranny'' tart 
\! ith the ong "Sacrifice." an ap-
propriately-named in trumental 
that seems somewhat religiou and 
my tical. After everal average 242 
song .thereappear ' thefirst ingle 
from the album. "Tragedy For 
You." The last three ' ong . 

··Neurobashing ... ··Leitmotiv 136," 
and "Soul Manager." clo e the LP 
in fitting fashion. They are all fa t 
moving, intensely indu trial pieces 
that aim t make you feel the ug-
ge ted pain while you dan e to the 
pounding beat . The CD ontain 
an added bonu - after the last 
s ng end , let it run for about two 
minute and y u'll get a my~tery 
bonus track. 

Front 242 i good at what they 
do. and they how a great example 
of their work in ''Tyranny For 
You." They manage to combine 
pul ing beat and rhythm with an 
infle tion of pain and emotion. 

The word to describe it is a 
fittingly tragic "Tyranny." Hey. 
what' . wrong with a little tymnny 
no\ and then? A Front 242 dis-
plays. it ha a very intere ting 
s undo 

- Robb Earnest 

fiREHOSE 
"flyin I the flannel" 
Columbia Records 

The cru aders for the PMRC 
urely huve somebody more wor-

thy to pi k on. Sure, inside the 
booklet of lyrics accompanying 
flREHO E's "flyin' ,fie j7al1l1el," 
there happens to be a drawing of a 
naked man who i busy tracing the 
word "fuck" into his ceiling. 

And yes. there is a song entitled 
"The Fir t Cus ., that al 0 say the 
word "fuck" - ju t once. And in 
the ong "Anti-Mi ogyny Maneu-
ver." there are ome cryptical, but 
undoubtably offensive,lyrics: . He 
again t her' they're hymnin' / 
Freakin' from the frustration, 
pocket ock gets the bastin' /Taco 
talk is the tunin" (object trans-
formed by screwin ')." 

But hell, thi i flREHOSE we 
are talkin' bout. 

Imagine getting Ed Bundy from 
"Married With Children" all 
wa ked out on Budweiser and 
Mountain Dew, making him watch 
24 hour of nothing but Carl 
Sagan' s "Cosmos" and Bugs 
Bunny cart ns. then letting him 
100 e with ome rock instuments. 
That's fiREHOSE. 

Trying to tame flREHOSE i 
like getting a guys-only poker 
group to witch to playing Go Fish. 
It'., even harder to hate the band. 
They u ually play with such gu!.to, 
such raw power. I 

Unfortunately, on "j7yill' ,fie 
j7c/lll1el," IlREHOSE fails to match 
the kineti fury of their earlier ef-
forts. fiREHOSE' first Colum-
bia Records relea e tart promi-
ingly with "Down With The Ba ." 
featuring ba ist Mike Watt' furi-
ou finger-picking. 

"Can't Believe" and "Ayin' The 
Flannel" are memorable tracks. and 
the song "Epoxy. For Example" is 
one of tlRHOSE's best, featuring 
Ed Crawford' muted guitar, 
George Hurley' cattering drum 
fills. and flREHOSE'sedectic lyr-
ic : ''The truggle is like using 
epo y to bridge a canyon / You 
gotta u e both kinds, a cataly t and 
are ' in but wait 'ti l it drie. - yo!" 

But there are 16 song on thi 

Thur day, May 23, 1991 

album. and fe other~ Ii e up any-
thing flREHO 's ha produced 
on their previoL: two relea. es, 
Ragill' FilII all andfROMOHIO. 
both off S T Records. 

At their concert in the Triton 
Pub earlier in the year. Watt re-
peatedly en ouraged members in 
the crowd to ri -e up and fonn their 
own band. 

Maybe Watt wa trying to pass 
the torch, and the park behind 
tlREHOSE, offtoayounger, more 
energetic band. 

Let' hope not, becau e there is 
'omething more to fiREHOSE than 
a talented garage band. Even when 
tlREHOSE i off, they are still 
g d. And ''j7yil1' the j7allnef" is 
good, but it probably isn't going 10 
pawn a rash of tlREHOSE dis-

ciples. 
If you do want to convert your-

self or a loved one to fiREHOSE. 
go out and buy Ragin' FilII all on 
compact di c. 

Until then, the rest of us will 
have to ju t wait until the next Pub 
howto ati fy ourtlREHOSE fix. 

becau 'e ''j7yill' ,he/elllllef" doe n't 
ustain the tlREHOSE high we've 

come to expect from thi trio. 
- Greg Huffstutter 

The Oarkside 
All That Noise 
RCA Records 

For the past year. the Manches-
ter craze has dominated the alter-
native airwaves with it predict-
able beat and '60s style guitar and 
organ. 

Finally, thankfully, one band 
has taken the movement a step 
further by adding hard guitar and 
an original rhythm. 

The Darkside's first U.S. re-
lease. All ThaI Noise, combines 
Hendrix guitar and flower-power 
music that takes the listener on a 
magical journey. 

The opening number, "Guitar 
Voodoo," i an in trumental hom-
age to the guitar greats of the '60s 
and '70s. with strands ranging from 
the Beatles to a touch of Led Zep-
pelin. 

Throughout the All That Noise. 
the band alternates between vocal, 
guitar, and bass dominated ongs 
which enable all of the members to 
di Pf' Y that they are not \another 
grou of Brits that got w~Pt up in 
the I te'SO English cruz - but 
rath r a group of mu ici ns who 
kno how to take a sound and give 
it some new texture. 

The Darkside, like all Manche -
ter-style bands, can get repetitive 
at times, e pecially on "Good For 
Me:' which drones on. even for a 
hort ong. 

But the band pulls through on 
"Soul Deep" and "Waiting for the 
Angel," both of which are prime 
ingle material. 

The Darkside have a chance to 
make it in America - their talent 
proves it. The only thing that could 
top tgem i the death of the 

Manche ter scene. 
That would be a hame. for All 

ThaI Noise i a good body of work 
that i worth a Ii ten. 

- Josh Odlntz 


