
.AIE 
At last week' Certs 

Annual CoUeae Comedy 
Competition in the Triton 
Pub, 10 UCSD students 
competed in attempting to 
make the audience laugh. 
For student Gerold Wolfe, 
rbe J.auabter keeps coming 
year after year/PAGE 12 

Regents pprove 40% Fee Inc~ as 
Reductions in UC student enrollment another tactic to battle budget cuts 

By Melinda Hamilton 
Associate News Editor 

In response to pr po ed budget 
cuts that would leave the UC $295 
million hortofwhat itrequ stedto 
maintain existing operation ,the UC 
Regents voted Thursday to increase 
student registration fee. by 40 per-
cent next year. 

In addition, the regents approved 
cutba k measure that include lim-
iting enrollment, reducing planned 
purchase of instructional equip-
ment. cutting back the university 
workforce by 1,000 employees, and 
defening alary merit increase for 
ixmonths. 

A 40 percent increase would 
mean that beginning this fall, stu-
dents with California residency 
would pay an additional $650 per 
year, bringing yearly fees to a total 
of $2,145. Out-of-state students 
would pay an additional 15 percent. 
raising their fee and tuition to 
$10,130 per year. 

Stipends for graduate teaChing 
and research assistants would be 
supplemented to adjust for the in-
crease. UC officials aid. 

In addition to rai ing fees. the 
regents approved a plan to reduce 
student enrollment by 5,500 stu-
dents. 

The reduction will take place 
gradually over three or four years 
and will result in the eventual elimi-
nation of 360 faculty positions. 
nearly 100 teaching assistants. and 
more than 300 support staff 
systemwide. 

According to Senior Vice Pre i-
dent of the UC William Frazer. the 
UC will still admit all qualified 

Caltfomia reo iden! who apply de-
pite reductions in enrollment. The 

UC currently admits the top 14.2 
percentofpublichigh ch Igrudu-
ates, a higher percentage than the 
12.5 percent required by the state's 
Master Plan for Higher Education. 

UC offi ial believe that limit-
ing enrollment and raising registra-
tion fee will hrink the pool of 
eligible applicant • but will maintain 
the UC' commitment to the Master 
Plan. 

Governor Pete Wil on' pro-
po ed budget include a 20 percent 
tudent fee increase. a move that 

violates the Long Term Student Fee 
Policy (S8 1645). That policy, 
signed five month ago by fomler 
Governor George Deukmejian, re-
trict the amount that tudent fee 

may increase at the UC and Califor-
niaState University (CSU) ystem 
to 10 percent in any given year. 

Wil on' proposed budget allo-
cates $2.189 billion for the UC 
system. a figure which i $2.2 mil-
lion less than what the university 
received for 1990-91. 

Since the regents are autonomou 
under Section 9. Article 9 of the 
tate constitution. they have the 

ability to rai e fee as high as they 
think neee ary. 

'The [Long Term Student Fee 
Policy] was designed for good as 
well as bad years," said University 
of California Student As ociation 
(UCSA) Pre ident Susan Polan. 
"This is a bad year." 

Polan said that many legislators 
eemed up et that Wilson was dis-

regarding a policy that was signed 
only five months ago. She indicated 

Sights and sounds of war - Students staged a 'die-in ' as 
part of a rally Friday to protest the Persian Gulf War and to 
show solidarity with the people of the Middle East. 

• Student registration 
fees at UCSD have 
increased slowly over 
the past five years. But 
the 40 percent increase 
approved by the 
Regents last week will 
be larger than all 
increases in the last 
five years put together. 

that tho e are the people she hopes 
to be working with in the coming 
month. 

Polan indicated that the U CSA is 
planning to work with UC adminis-
trators, the CSU, and other groups 
to find way to offsetthecuts so that 
the fee increase will not be as great. 

Some options she outlined in-
clude trying to convince the legi la-
ture to "buyout" everything above 

Mel Marceto/Guardian 

10 percent. "Buyingout"rneans that 
the legislature would modify the 
state budget to cover all UC needs 
that would have been funded by any 
student fee increase over 10 per-
cent. 

In a speech to the regents at their 
meeting Thursday, Polan sugge. ted 
that one way tocut costs would be to 
hift the emphasis from research to 

See INCREASE, Page 3 

TG With Beer Delayed 
Until At Least March 1 
• Edson says police chief's security 
demands would be too costly for A.S. 
By ErIc Schmidt 
Staff Writer 

The proposed date for an ex peri-
mental Price Center TG with free 
beer has been pu hed back to March 
1 at the earliest, according to A.S. 
President John Edson. The Feb. 22 
TGoriginaIly scheduledforthe Price 
Center will instead be held, without 
free beer, at the hump. 

Edson said the level of security 
required by UCSD PoliceChiefJohn 
Anderson to clo e off the TG from 
tho e who are not afflliated with 
UCSD would make the cost of the 
event too high. 

The A.S. does not want to pay 
the price for those measures, ac-
cording to Edson. 

Edson said he had hoped to bring 
up the is ue of cost during the frnal 
meeting of the special TGcomm i ttee 
Thursday. But the committee, which 
wa formedtodi cussTGpolicy-
not operational is ues uch as co t 
-decided the price of security could 
not be di cussed. 

Edson said he will appeal the 

security measures to the admims-
tration. 

"I haveastrong feeling we would 
be able to uccessfully channel 
through Anderson's ruling on secu 
rity," he aid. 

Anderson said he would have to 
withdraw his approval of a Price 
Center TG with beer if the current 
security plan is modified to reduce 
costs. 

Anderson approved an earlier 
security propo al to clo e off the 
Price CeOler. Edson said the proposal 
would require too many paid ecu-
rity members on ite - approxI-
mately IS-and would lead to high 
co ts. 

The state Alcoholic Beverage 
Control (ABC) ent a letter to TG 
Committee Chair ick Aguilar in 
January stating that beer could only 
belega11yservedataTGcompletely 
clo cd off to the general public. 
Then, last month. an experimental 
TG at a clo ed-offPrice Center was 
propo ed. 

See TGIF, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

d CSD JPS 
NEWS IN BRIEF 

Contemporary Black Arts Program 
Sponsors Two One-Man Shows 

Emmy Award-winning actor and writer Albert Eaton 
and film and televi ion star Darrow Igus will be seen in 
back-to-back one man shows at 8 p.m. tomorrow in the 
Mandeville Center Auditorium. 

The event. sponsored by the Contemporary BlackArts 
Department, is one of many being held on campus during 
the month of February in celebration of Mrican-Ameri-
can history. 

Eaton has received rave reviews for his dramatic 
ponmitofDr. Martin Luther King, Jr. He recreates King's 
mo t famous peeches and portrays othercharactersofthe 
American Civil Rights Movement. Eaton has performed 
"MLK" at the Boston Shakespeare Company Theaterand 
has toured the program throughout the United States. 

19us has created a character, Zeke Wallace. an Mrican 
American man who works as a film studio maintenance 
man. AJJ his life he has dreamed of being a movie star. In 
the program, Zeke reminisces about life in and out of show 
business. He recalls life through the Great Depression of 
the 1930$ and through the American Civil Right 
Movement.Zeke talks about the history of blacks in fllms 
and in American culture. 

Tickets for this event are available from the UCSD 
Box Office (534-6467) and from TicketMasteroutletsfor 
$8 general admissioo andS4sludent For more information, 
call 534-0670. 

Communication Network Expert 
Joins S.D. Supercomputer Staff 

Hans-Werner Braun, an authority in communications 
networks, has joined the San Diego SupercomputerCen-
ler (SDSC) as a coprincipal investigator of the "CASA 
testbed." 

This federally funded program is designed to demon-
strate the feasibility of distributed supen::omputing-the 
simultaneous use of several supercomputers connected by 
a very high-speed network. 

Calvin and Hobbes 
fRoM \11C,~ II, T\-\£ S ~ . 
STIIPENOOO5 /It4H II'. S 

~"AtqTh EI\IHlfS 
S'mct-IG G~'/IT'( I 

pAl). f1O'fI 00 ~)U)\ t 
~Onl'r.R 
sc\: .. nI£ 
WORLDS 

PR08l£MS? 1-;;J;:Jl--.. 

, 'fl"~ . H I'oIJST~£ 
B£Bo\ STLIfrI/DOI/S 
MAlI, OHOIO£R. 

Lig 1m No\!) 
JUSnC£' I'" 5W£ 

Sl.JSI~ \)£SE.MD 
t4\l~T'£""'~ S~ G':lf. 

\ \ ~~ 

The UCSD Guardian 

Prior 10 joiniDg SOSc, Brawl was maoager of tbe Merit 
Computer Network's IntemeI Enginceri.ng Group. located 81 
the University of Michigan. and also served as a principal 
investigawr of the National Science Foundarion NetwOlk 
Backbone Management and Operations Project 

While in San Diego, he is eJlpected 10 maintain a close 
workingrelatiooship with federal networlcing officials as they 
plan for wider and fasler communications nerworts. Among 
those goal is an optical-fiber network capable of transmitting 
information at rates of about one billion biLS per second (one 
gigabit per second). 

"The gigabit-per-second network offers new chal lenges 10 
inve tigate the possibilities and opportunities for Very High-
SpeedNetworlc.ing,currenlly ioatledgling SUIle," said Braun. 

As envisioned, theCASA testbed wouldhamess the vast 
computerresourcesoffourresearchcenters.includingSDSC, 
to tudy several important scientific problems. These include 
a more accurate model for global clinwe, interactive visual-
wtion of seismic data and the simulation of chemical reac-
tions that might yield powerful lasers. 

The CASA testbed is one of five gigabit-per-second net-
work projects being funded withS15.8million by the NationaJ 
Science Foundation and the Defense Advanced Research 
Projects Agency. The lead agency for the program is the non-
profit Corporation for National Research lniliatives in Reston, 
Va. 

The other three centers participating in the CASA testbed 
are Los Alamos National Laboratory, California Institute of 
Technology, and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. 

N SCIENCE ;.L EWS--'= 
SCIENTIFIC & MEDICAL UPDATES 

New Antibiotic. Reduces Mortality In 
Negative Gram Bacteremia PatIents 

A humanmoooclonalantibodydrug.HA-1A,sisnificaotly 
reduces mortality in patients with gram negative bactemn.ia 
and septic shock. according to clinical trial results published 
in the Feb. 14issueofTlreNewEn8IandJoumalofMedici~. 

'This work is a good eKampie of the merging of basic 
science and clinical medicine." said Dr. Elizabeth Ziegler, 
professor of medicine at the UCSD ScbooI of Medicine, and 
the lead author of the paper. '1be research done in several 
laboratories has resulted in a new class of drugs for the 

\'I lnl MIIOYII''';(KJ. 'l'MO\)IS\llD, 
nI ,""IIa..WIN() ~()£R. 100M'S 
SAC. 10 ~S\l~E \{\'S S£(~1 

ID£N\' IT~! 

-

by Bill Watterson 

~t.l.t.I. , 11-\1<; 3:fJ~D"> \..1'(£ 
AI/OTl/fR JOB fQR ST\lfttl~ 

I>\~ ! 

AC1\) AU.~ . IT 
~T soo~ 
Lltt QIJlrE \{IS 
riP .. OF JOB 

~I -
· ·V I~~'''~' g. 

J. 

! nUI\I~ GROWtI-UP5 J\JST 
Acr l\1(£ ml?i ~~OW 
W\lP,1 -rnt'{'R£ OO~G . 

I 

Tuaciay, Febnaary 19, 1991 

treatmem of a devastatin" disease." 
Gram negative bacteremia. an infection of the blood 

caused by gram negative bacteria. accounts for 30 to 40 
percent of all cases of sep is, a Iife-lbreatening illness 
whose incidence has been steadily growing. Hospital 
discharge surveys indicate that the incidence of sepsis in 
the United States rose nearly threefold over the past 
decade to about 480,000 cases in 1989. 

The symptoms of gram negative bacteremia include 
fever. chills, a drop in blood pressure, a rapid pulse, 
confusion, and kidney failure. 

Various studies have found monality rates ranging 
up to 60 percent. even when the best standard treatment 
is given. 

The trial eorolledpatients with symptoms of sepsis at 
24 medical cenlet'S in North America and Europe, in-
cluding the UCSD Medical Center. 

HA-lA, also called CenlOxin, had several positive 
effects. including a statistically significant reduction of 
deaIb, noticeable decrease in mortality on the first day 
after treatment, and the absence of side effects. 

The drug also reduced mortality among severely ill 
patients with negative gram bacteremia by 39 percent in 
conjunction with the standard tn:atment. 

Developing immunotherapy against gram negative 
sepsis has been the goal of several n:search teams for 
more than a decade. 

Zieglerand her colleagues reponed in 1982 that they 
had achieved reductions in mortality in gram negative 
bactercmia with the useofa human serum tbalcontained 
antibodies against endotoxin, the substance in gram 
negative bacteria that causes the life-threatening 
symptoms of gram negative sepsis. 

Widespread use of the human serum' was considered 
impractical because it would have been necessary to 
inununize and collect serum from thousands of volun-
leers every year. 

A team at Stanford University, in collaboration with 
the UCSD researcbers, set out to produce a human 
monoclonal antibody against endotoxin. The result of 
tbeirefforts.HA-lA,isasingle,highly9peCificantibody 
thIIt can be produced in large quantities for use in 
everyday medical practice. 

The antibody was licenaed 10 the biopharmaceutical 
company CentocorInc., which sponsored a nnclomized, 
placcbo-cootrolled trial in col.labotation with rescan:h-
ers in North America and Europe. 

HA-JA is currently under review by the U.S. Food 
and Drug Administration and European regulatory au-
thorities. 

GUARnIAN 
PHIL GRUEN, EdItrx In ChItII 
ROBIoI MAClEAN, IIaMgIng EdItor 
BEN BOYCHUK, ~ EdItor 
L£S BRUVOLD, AsIocIIde Spotts Editor 
JAMES COlUER, o.vn EdItor 
GREG DIXON. ~ OpInion EdItor 
BI..L DOWlER, Copy EdIItN 
MElHJA HAMLTON, AuocIMe,.,.. EdItor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, ~,.,.. EdItor 
LARA tEISLER, AsIocIIde ME EdItor 
HEAlHEA HOLTZCLAW, ~ SpcHW EdIIor 
CHAIST1NA HUIZAR, ~ A&E EdIIor 
PETER KO, Spot1I EdIIDr 
JENIFER KOlSKY, PIIOfo Editor 
KENT KORZON. A~ Copy EdItor 
L£NQ LOH, ~EdIIar 
MB.MARCELO, ~ ~ EdItor 
SANGEETA MEtfTA, Aaoc:IMt ,.,.,. EdItor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AIIOCIItt PtJofo EdItor 
JEFF QUAH, GrIPIb EdIIor 
JASON SNELL, ,.,. EdItor 

~ UZGlRlS, PrIOlo EdIIM 
JEFFREY YAMAQUCtI, ,..,.... EdItor 
JENIFER YAHCf.Y, ~t EdItor 

I 

Tuesday, February 19, 1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Joint Faculty/Administration Memo on 
War Brings Accusations of Intimidation 
By Anton Bittner 
Senior Stsff Writer 

A memoadvising faculty members to keep 
discu sion on the war in the Middle East 
relevant to course material has led to accu-
sations that the administration is trying to 
intimidate the faculty into being mute about 
the war. 

The memo. co-authored by Vice Chancel-
lor of Academic Affairs Marjorie Caserio and 
Chair of the Academic Senate Douglas Smith, 
noted that classe were reported cancelled 
during the week. of Jan. 14 in protest of the 
Persian Gulf War. and that the faculty should 
refrain from such cancellations in the future. 

It went on to remind faculty that this type 
of action, as well as changing the ubject 
matter of the course curriculum, does not re t 
with individual professors. 

Many members of the facuJty have taken 
the memo as a threat, and sources have refused 
to speak. openly against the memo, fearfuJ of 
a possible administration backJash. 

'There have been some misunderstand-
ings . .. as to the intent [of the memo)," Smith 
said. "'The intent was to make faculty aware 
[of their] contractual obligations"to teaching 
course curriculum. 

"[TIle memo] is not a warning, just a 
clarification." Smith said, responding to 
charges that the memo contained a threat of 
disciplinary measures for maverick faculty 
members. 

Smith said that the faculty was not being 
asked to be quiet about the issue, but rather to 
keep discussion relevant to the course subject 
matter. 

Professors of classes such as foreign poljcy 
or history of the Middle East should feel free 
todiscuss the war, Smith explained, but classes 
such as calculus do not have that right. 

"To stop a discussion on calculus [to 
discu s the war], or to di miss students from 
a lecture to do something di fferent" would be 
an example of faculty abuse of an academic 
program. Smith said. 

Anonymous faculty members have said 
that the language of the memo will make those 
teaching classes thaI can legitimately discuss 
the war hesitant to do so. 

Chancellor Richard Atkinson implied that 
faculty members disregarding the memo could 
be disciplined during an A.S.- ponsored fo-
rum with students on Feb. 8. 

"Each facuJty member has to interpret [the 
memo], keeping in mind that they could be 
called before a faculty board" for disciplinary 
action. Atkinson aid in response to a tudent 
question about the memo. 

Students at the forum pointed out that 
other UC campus administrations have en-
couraged discussion about the war. 

UCSC Chancellor Robert Stevens asked 
that classes be held for those who wanted to 
anend after a student/faculty sponsored boy-
cotltook place Jan. 17, but asked for faculty to 
be flexible in rescheduling exams and other 
academic deadlines for those tudents who 
did not attend, according to UCSC Public 
Information Director Jim Bums. 

Bums noted that Stevens encouraged fac-
ulty todiscuss the war, but urged them to keep 
discussion within the course curriculum. 

"The university's obligation to serve our 
students and preserve the integrity of our 
academic programs" was stated in the memo 
as a reason for the observance of university 
policy regarding cancellation of classes. 

Smith said that administrators. students, 
and parents had expressed concern over the 
cancellation of classes, and this was an added 
reason for the drafting of the memo. 

TGIF 
Contlnued from page 1 

Edson's proposed security arrange-
ments would include the use of students 
instead of paid security officers to check 
student IDs on the way into the TG. 

A final universityTGpolicy repon will 
be released "within the next few weeks," 
Aguilar said. 

According to Aguilar, the committee 
"didn't see any problem with the u e of 
alcohol atuniversi ty-sponsored events like 
theTGs.·' 

The committee also discussed whether 
or not friends of UCSD students or em-
ployees could legally attend TGs. Ac-
cording to Edson, two ABC representa-
tives present at the meeting said that only 
UCSD-affiliated individuals can legally 
attend "free beer" TGs. 

Edson said that if friends attend the 
TGs.theABCwill tillcon iderTGstobe 
"open to the public." 

Aguilar said the ABC members were 
allowed into the closed meeting because 

INCREASE 
Continued from page 1 
teaching and require faculty to teach more 
classes. 

Polan al 0 said that the fee increase would 
not only hun low-income families. but middle-
income ones as well. She mentioned that 
while enrollment oflow income students has 
remained relati vely stable since 1982. enroll-
ment of middle class tudents has dropped 
significantly. 

The university is planning to increase fi-
nancial aid to help tudents afford higher 
education, but, according 10 Polan, the 
university's intended increase from $5 million 
to $10 million for mjddle class families falls 
short of the $20 million that will be needed to 

"the committee would benefit from re-
ceivingresponses to questions [directedto 
the ABC representatives]." 

According to Edson, however, the ABC 
members were acquaintances of Ander-
son. 

Anderson responded that although hi 
office invited the members. he had not 
personallymetorlalkedtothempreviously. 

'The Police Department, and me in 
particular. is tired of being the ogre of the 
TGs," Anderson said. "II's unfortunate 
that it developed that way - the Police 
Department did not create the issue." 

Though it was Anderson who sent the 
leiter to UCSD administration last quarter 
questioning the legality of the TGs, 
Anderson said that "the issue has always 
been there." 

Anderson also pointed out that he did 
not send the inquiry to the ABC concern-
ing the legality of TGs at the hump. The 
leiter was sent by the TG committee. 

Edson has blamed Anderson for some 
of the problems encountered in hi efforts 
to preserve the TGs. 

compensate for the fee increase. 
In a message sent to members of the UCSA 

board of directors and campus ofticedirectors 
titled "Valentine's Day Massacre: The Out-
come," UCSA Director Lee Butterfield said 
that a statement prepared by UC President 
David Gardner, who was unable to attend the 
meeting, indicated that Gardner was against 
any kind of increase in the faculty workload. 

The tatement also warned that cuts of this 
magnitude could not be sustained again next 
year. 

Hearings on the state budget do nOI begin 
until next month, and the legislature's dead-
line for approving the state budget is July I. 
The official university budget will not be 
decided on until after the state budget is 
fmalized. 

AFTER GRADUATION 
••• 

Are you prepared for the real world? 
Choosing your career is one of the most important decisions you will ever make! 
Learn from one of San Diego's most successful industry leaders whether you possess the 
qualities to succeed in the lucrative and challenging field of professional sales. 
Don't miss this opportunity to gain valuable insight and practical knowledge from one of the 
most respected General Sales Managers in the media industry. 
In this enlightening and informatitJe 3,hour seminar ),ou will learn: 
I. The Dynamics of the Interviewing Process 

Includes using the telephone successfully to obtain an interview; 
selling yourself to an interviewer when you have no experience; 
answering the "trick" questions in an interview; and more. 

II. Sales in the 1990's 

.J 

Includes the qualifications of a successful sales person; 
how the sales profession has changed in the last ten years and why; 
increasing sales during a recession; exploring sales opportunities in the 
radio an<! television industry; and more. 

Assure your success in the professional world! 
Enroll T ada.,! Seating is Limited 

, 

: Saturday, March 2, 1 ee1 
, 

: c ... m.ran Hotel (Toucan Room) 
: 39!9 Mission Blvd., San Diego, CA 92109 
, 
I 

9 a.m.·12 noon 

,,... "-ricin" 

: --------------------------------------------------------:N_ 
I 

I ________ ~----------------------------------------------

C", 

Send $14510: 
(llll1IIIIb"""" II 
you bring agutll.) 

s .... ZIp Telephone 

80b 'a'rale Semina,. 
7420 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Suite #103-124 
San Diego. California 92111 

Bob Iafrate 
General Sales MaTUlger 

KGB-FM and KPOP AM Radio 
During his otler 1 B years in radio sales in San Diego, 
he has broken etJer)I sales TecOTd possible. Disccwer the 
secrets of this self 1'TIade millionaire. 

Here's what the professionals say: 
"Afto 37 yenrs in the radio indwtry it i, mJ ob,erootion t/tat few propk po,,.,, the 
q..alitieJ of great""" . Bob lafoaU! i, one of them. I 'tTangl] encourage JOU to lilten to 
what he can tetJCh JOI'." 

Jim Price 
PreJident and Genoal Manager KYXY Radio San Diego 

" There is no one more knowledgeable in the indwtry in San Diego. Bob's 
enlhwiasm will infect and moIi..are )'OU for life." 

Goil Sai...ar 
Owner Gail Sal".r AdYertising 

" Thank JOU for an oulJl4nding mnina,. It wa.! both inspiring and mfcmno.nve. 
Thank> for lighting the fire in me. " 

T J . lLary (former !!eminar student) 
Saks Manager KFSX - Fresno 

" Bob Iafrate's .seminar j$ a mwt for an~ considering a coreer in sales." 
Grallam MiltVI' 
Vice PreJicknt Phillip'RamleY Adyerti.ing 

'_I in yow fum •• fII-e malce 1011' check ar money onIcT rtf $145 pa,abIc 10 Bob 
"""* s-man and fIIaue fill .... 2 mcloHd fomu If 1011 will ~ brirtiinr a pul. PIcwc 
nak!he """ will be incraucd 10 $145 per penon at lhe door, che day at lhe~. 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUE • Edilor in Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN. Managing Editor 
JASON SNELL, News Edilor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Edilor 

r lttt UCSDGWJI'diaII is pubhlhcdiwolllnd. WttkaJ Ihc Unl"tnIf)'olCallfom&a.San o.clO- Corucnu 
CII99I . VlCw".pmiCdh<~. rc"",;cn,"'" ~lyv ... oI''''''odi ..... 1 boonI.aod .... ..,. nccusanJy 
Ihose ollhc UC IIoonI 01' RcllC ......... ASUCSD. _Ihc cn'" G __ l1li1'. 

THE BUDGET CRUNCH 

New Fees Are Highway Robbery 
Last week's decision by the UC Regents 10 raise student regis-

tration fees by 40 percent is not only an outrage. but may well be one 
of the most inconsiderate and indiscriminant policy decisions made 
by the board in recent memory. 'The 40 percent hike eqwues to an 
additional$650ayear, bringingyear\y tuitioo 10 a staggering S2.274. 

Despite the fact that the UC is facing a $195 million budget 
shortfall, the 40 percent hike is an exercise in overkill. likely 10 inflict 
massive damage on the pocketbooks of IUdents from middlcxlass 
families. The regenlS have assured students that the fee hike will be 
used in part to upplement financial aid 10 particularly needy 
students. However,fmancialaid is often unavailable 10 students from 
middle-class homes whose annual iocomes are less than $50,000. 

lhere can be no denying thaI the UC needed some way to 
compensate for its loss of funding. Maintaining high academic 
standards and a soUd reputation as a research institution i no easy 
task without adequate funding, but this new fee hike is noIhing short 
of highway robbery. 

A.S. WATCH 1991 

Throw the Slackers Out 
Silence. That's all we've heard from many of the AS. officers 

that the student body elected last pring. The AS. should not be a 
haven for the lackadai icai or the carefree. Student fees pay for AS. 
officers' salaries. It is only fair that they get their money's worth. 
However, judging from the news that has come out of the weekly 
A.S. meetings, it seems that there are only a few dedicated individu-
al within the council who are being forced to pick up the slack left 
by less motivated members. For example, AS. President John 
Edson, Vice-President External Molly McKay. UCB Chair Nick 
Long, and Commi ionerofProgramming Matt Schnurer land out 
asexceptionaUy hard workers who havemadetheircouncil positions 
amount to more than just a few extra senteoccs on their resumes. 

lhere has been serious discussion during recent council meet-
ings concerning the elimination of certain commissioner positions, 
most notably those of public relations, operations, services, and 
enterprises, and academic affairs. AS. commi ioners receive a 
tipendof$40a week- ll()(apatticulariyenomlOus urnofrnoney, 

but it has becon1e clear that some commissioners are venturing into 
the AS. offices just long enough to pick up their paychecks.1l1at is, 
if they can remember where the AS. offices are. 

According to Edson, while the council has decided not to take 
action against the conunissioners of academic affuirs or operations. 
services, and entelprises, there i a move to make commissioner of 
public relations an appointed office, rather than an elected one, 
thereby elinunating its tatus as a paid position. Such a motion will 
have to be decided as a referendum on the spring ballot. 

Historically, public relations, academic affairs, and operations, 
services, and enterprises are weak positions. The commissioner of 
academic affairs sits on only one comminee: the Committee on 
Educational Policy. This year' conunissionerhasreportedly missed 
everycomminee meeting, asdid herpredecessor. Thecommissioner 
of operations, servic ,and enterprises primarily acts as a commu-
nication liaison between the AS. and its various enterprises, such as 
KSOT and Assorted Vinyl, and has no real power. Right now, 
neither position is particularly important. BoIh positions should be 
downgraded to appointed positions without pay after this year. 

The commissioner of public relations has the fairly important 
rask of publicizing upcoming activities or events of the AS. or other 
student organizations. However, this year's corrunissioner, George 
Maurer, has been noticeably lax. Other than creating the AS. 
Mruketing Department and organizing the AS. "Newstlashes" 
page in the Guardia1l,AS. publicity wxlerMaurer has been virtually 
barren. Indeed, members of the new rnaJketing committee have 
complained that Maurer has left them high and dry. providing little 
guidance or direction for his creation. In fact, some AS. members 
have asserted that Schnurer has been doing Maurer's work as far as 
publicizing progmmming events, such as TGs or pub show . TIle 
fair thing to do in this case would be 10 pay Schnw-er for the wort 
Maurer should be doing - an idea that Edson i reponedly 
pondering. 

Credit should be given where credit is due. 

The UCSD Guardbn Tuesday, February 19, 1991 

BENSON 

- - ~=::-:;::=------

CLOSE-UP 

From Diet Zone to Twilight Zone 
• Dieting is a wor1d of many questions, but at the heart of 
the matter, it is most important to be happy with yourseH 
By LIn ........ Associate ME EcItor 

Since about January 4, I've met an unusually high 
perccnIage of skinny, blonde women wilh IIIIIDicured 
nails, indoor tans, and names which unfailin&ly end 
with the Jetter "i." These women were aIlleUio& me 
"You've made a great decision," or pnisioa me, 

"You've 
rally,*-
conttolof 
your ute. " or 
encouragina 
me, "(just 
know you 
cando iL" J 
~~~ .. ~~~--~ .. Nd~ 

CLOSE-UP / ' .' . 
it was a very bizarre microcosm. 

the Diet 
Zooe-and 

I used to swear to myself that I'd never become 
one of "them." I vowed that I would never be one of 
those girls who counted calories, ffiC&'lured oeIlufue, 
and complained about looking too fat. Not me. No 
way. I was above all of that - no societal ptCSSIn 
was going to make me hale myself. No matter how 
many times 1 would flip through a Vogue and glance 
at the 5'11", 98 pound models, I would console 
myself with the notion that in real life my." 
voluptuous (yeah, that's the word) body would serve 
me just fme. But one day, it stopped working. I gave 
in. I deemed myself to be too fat. That's when the 
nightmare began. 

I decided to join an organized dice program. 
When I went into the cemer for my flJ'St meeting, I 
had quite an attitude, Unlike l1106t of the other dieters 
there, I did not enter dJose doors feeling proud of 
myself. I felt ashamed. I thougbl I was a wimp for 
not being able to ~ mysdf, My wonderfully trim 
'counselor' Shelli (!heIe's that "ij was DOt prepared 
forme. 

Shelli led me inlO her office, wh.ic:h bad framed 
dieter's hints like, "Remember not to splurge then 
purge ... a sensible, planned approach is always 
best," and "Your proportions are deIermined by your 
ponions, .. 1ly to keep both small. .. 

This attnosphere only fueled my reseotment. 
SbeUi asked me with a big San Diego smile, .. What 
is your goal weight?" I tried to give her a philosopbi-
ca1 response. 

"What is the point of a goal weight?," I bepn. ., 
don't think numbers are lQUy what are ililpOrtillt 
here. I just want to feel good about myself. Do you 
understand lhII1? How wiD ( bow wbat the 'masic 

number' that wiD make me happy wiD be? I have 
no goal weight .. 

Shelli bad nodded symparheticaUy, and told me 
chat she would jUSl_1be computer 10 come up 
widla good goal weiam for me. I felt bed for 
beina such a bnII after she was so nice, so wbile 
abe oomputer was cak:uJatina,llIdmittcd thai I'd 
lite 10 lose 20 pound&. She smiled and nodded 
again, Iban gIancaI at the computer. "Here we 10," 
abe said. "You need 10 lose 40 pounds. No sweat." 

I wanted 10 cry. But I waited until I got home. 
So that was my first day of abe diet program. It 
bardly felt like a triumph. My ego WIIS sbanered. 
my pr!de squashed, and my eyes ~ reddened. 
But things did get better, As abe wedes passed (and 
Ibe pounds dropped), my aaitude changed. The 
experience of visiting abe cemer became less tragic 
and more comic. 

On my tbini visit to my COUDSelor, January 15, I 
tore myself away from CNN 10 go for my weekly 
wei&b-in. As Candi filled out my chans (dotted '1" 
number two - Shelli was sick), anocber diel 
counselor, Terri, popped her head in the door, 
"Candi, ~'s today's date?" Terri asked, 
blinking her baby blues expecrantly while Candi 
tilted bee head from side to side, deep in tOOught. 
"I think it's the 15th," she responded. 

I sbooI.: my head in awe. "How can anyone not 
know what today's date is1". intenupted. "You're 
right, Candi. It is the l.51h. You know. The day we 
ftod out wheIber or not our countxy is going to 
war!" 

Candi sIuuged her shoulders. "Yeah. I guess 
you'~ right. But. you know, no one's really 
taJkioc about it .. No ODe was1lllking about it? 
Wow. I reaDy bad entered a new dimension. The 
most imponant issue of the week at this place was 
"How to read labels at the rnadet. " 

I wouldn't say thai the ~ at my diet 
a:oIer is a total cukuraJ void. rve ~ a lot 
about nutrition. exercise, and plastic surgery. But I 
still have a chip on my shoulder. I continue 10 txy 
to challeoae my counselor. fu one conversation 
about earina disorders. I moaned 10 Sbelli, "This 
culture is so obsessed with weight. .. She smiled 
and ftipped her hair, "Really? You think soT' 
Yeah, (Ibiak so. 

I've puabed IIId JUhod with my cynicism, and 
I'm sure tbIt I b8Ye been less than a model client. 
SbeIli is always perplexed when • get off of the 
ICaIe. She prods me: "Why area 't you excited? You 

See DIET ZONE. Page 7 

Tuesday, February 19, 1991 The: UCSD Guardian 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Germany Bashing is Not Justified 
Editor: 

As a Gennan scientist in chemi -
try research here at UCSO, I ex-
pected to read a commentary with 
the subheaded title "Gennans must 
contribute more to help olve a 
problem they helped create" ("Ger-
many Owes the Gulf All iance," Feb. 
4, 1991, by Zachary Bennan). Un-
fortunately I was not able to find a 
single sentence that suggested ways 
to do this. Instead, I found myself as 
a German, spending all my efforts ill 
developing even more sophisticated 
chemical weapons in order to sup-
ply them, in my "certain affection 
for tyrannical dictators," to 
Moammar Gadhafi and Saddam 
Hussein. 

What was covered 'as a com-
mentary was in fact an anti-German 
statement in the best style of Third 
Reich, anti-Semitic propaganda. 

Only a few isolated facts were 
chosen to confirm the previously 
fixed opinions of the ugly Germans, 
selling cruel weapons to even cru-
eler dictators and going to anti-
American rallies while " America is 
cleaning up their mess." 

Only a few remarks: Germany 
has the most restrictivt" laws on 
weapon exports in the western world. 

In supplying weapons to Iraq, 
Germany was only the sixth largest 
supplier. In addition, most of the 
accessories that were delivered were 
declared to be used for civilian pur-
poses. For example, the same 
chemical that is used to prepare poi-
son gas is essential for barbiturate 
production. 

The constitutional law that for-
bids Germany from sending troops 
outside NATO was created by the 
victorious western A1lies after World 
Warn. 

The small minority of anti-
American, anti-war protesters in 
Germany have grown up in a situa-
tion where World War m will most 
likely kill them even in the most 
optimistic military opinion. 

I hope that Zachary Berman will 
never be judged the way he feels 
free to judge others. 

Hansjorg Durr 
Editor: 

In a recent anicle ("Gennany 
Owes the Gulf Alliance," Feb. 4, 
1991), Zachary Bennan of the 
GU(JI'dian assened that Gennany 
mainly creaIed the Gulf war. 

Although it is a very disttessing 
fact that German companies were 
involved in weapon deals with Iraq, 
as Mr. Berman noted, we cannot 
agree with his general view and 
conclusions about Gennany. 

His arguments are bJlsecton both 
oversimplifications and emotional 
exaggerations that reminds us very 
much of Nazi stereotypes. 

If Mr. Berman would be a real 
expen of Germany and the Ger-
mans, then he could never assen 
that ..... Gennans have an affection 
for housing war leaders in bunkers" 
or, " ... German people have a cer-
tain affection for tyrannical dicta-
tors." 

Times have basically changed 
since World War n . Every Ameri-
can who has been in Germany will 
confirm this. 

Funhermore, Mr. Berman 
writes, "What they [the Gennans) 
have chosen to protest is the fact 
lhII1 America is cleaning up their 
[caused by Gennans) mess. "This is 
not only an ovcnimplification, it is 

just wrong. The Persian Gulf War 
has very different causes, as every-
body knows. 

Apparently Mr. Bennan has a 
strange point of view about demo-
cratic decision-making when he ar-
gues "And when this [the war) is 
over, Bush is going to sit down and 
get back to work on his new world 
order." 

How can one write such an un-
democratic statement? The United 
States' proponion of world 's popu-
lation is fi ve percent. 

We as Germans are disappointed 
to read such a polemic anicle in a 
campus newspaperofUCSD, a uni-
versity with international reputation. 

Mr. Bennan' sanicle is not at all 

he has. Don 't you feel important 
now? 

It i far too late to tum back. 
Congress has voted, and we are 
now fighting in the Persian Gulf. It 
no longer mailers whether you 
agree or disagree with what we 
have done. 

The president has made it clear 
that we won't leave until Saddam 
exits Kuwait. Your protests won't 
bring our troops home any ooner. 
However, they will continue to 
giveSaddamhope.Thiswillre ult 
in more deaths of U.S. soldiers as 
time goes on. 

If this war lasts long, I will be 
alongside of you in your protest-
ing.1 am not in favor of a long war. 
In the meantime, if you are truly 
"in suppon of our troops," you 
should support your claim by be-
ing discrete in your protests of the 
war itself. 

After all, Saddam is counting 
on yoil, the misguided protester, 
as his ace-in-the-hole. 

Brent Gaddis 

Cartoon Praised 
a contribution to peace. 

Gabriele Ulrich Editor: 
Rolf Ulrich Unfonunately, with all the 

Protesters Are 
Pawns of Hussein 
Editor: 

This lener is in response to the 
misguided protesters who con-
tinually state their position on the 
Gulf War as "in suppon of the 
troops, bUI nOI in suppon of the 
war." 

Many people feel this way. The 
difference between these people 
and you, the misguided protesler. 
is that they aren ' I sleeping in front 
of the library, or marching around 
like fools shouting ridiculous 
phrases such as, "No blood for 
oil." 

Why aren't they protesting? 
Is it because they just don't have 

that hard-core, 1960s mentality that 
you so strongly possess? 

No, the reason they aren't pro-
testing is because they realize that 
their protests will do nothing but 
leave more of our troops dead in 
thedesen. 

How can Saddam win this war? 
He is ext~mely ovennatchcd, Al-
lied forces are far superior in their 
training and in their military ca-
pabilities. 

There is only one way Saddam 
can win this war, and that is to drag 
it out and turn it into another 
Vietnam. He is hoping and relying 
on you, the misguided prolester, to 
aid him in this quest. 

Saddam will not quit until he 
has won or at least saved face. He 
is relentless and cruel, and would 
love nothing more than to kill as 
many young Americans as pos-
sible. 

American deaths will increase 
with time, and you, the misguided 
protester, are lengthening our stay 
in the desen! 

Saddam has come flat out and 
said "thank you" for protesting the 
war. Is this because he is such a 
humanitarian, and doesn't want to 
see any of his beloved Iraqis killed? 

I think not. 
He sends rus thanks because he 

is relying on you, the misguided 
proteSter, to lengthen and win this 
war for him, It is the only chance: 

views and opinions about the war 
in the Middle East, it seems that a 
"new" aspect of the Guardia1l has 
been overlooked. l am speaking in 
reference to Traynham's Political 
Canoons ("Black and White Car-
toons of Color"). 

I would like to commend the 
newspaper forleninganothervoice 
speak what so many of us think 
every day. Personally, I not only 
find them entertaining, but infor-
mative as well. 

It is about time that people of 
color on this campus can read 
something in the Guardian that 
they can relate to (no offense to 
water polo updates). Surprisingly, 
the issues in the cartoons are real 
and have to be dealt with every 
day. So for those of you who may 
find them a bit "harsh," feel com-
fon in knowing they were meant to 
be that way. 

J hope the canoonist keeps up 
the excellent work and that more 
people will become aware that a 
different kind of voice is out there. 

Myrtle Warner 

Gay Perspective Sought 
Editor: 

Everyone has been noticrng that 
the Guardian has become mo~ and 
more right-wing in recent months. 
but your Feb. 14, "Valentine's is-
sue" has surely set a new precedent 
for insensitivity, ignorance, and 
bigotry. How ironic that just days 
after Lesbian and Gay Awareness 
Week on our campus, the Guard-
ian should publish a thoroughly 
heterosexist list of Valentine 's 
movies to rent that includes only 
heterosexual romances. I'm still 
not sure if you people are unbe-
lievably homophobic, or just stu-
pid, but either way you need to 
wake up to the fact that there are 
over 1 ,000 lesbian and gay students 
on this campus, and that it's time 
that you started addressing us too. 
Wben is the silence going to end? 

Ian Bamard 

z.ctwy a.rm.n •• 
on YK8tIon, 8nd will 
retum next WMIt. 

OPINION 5 

I~ ~8:eNSION __ 
,. SPECIALTY CENTERS 

r-----'r-----T-----' I FOUR-WHEEL I I Front End I Oil Ch~nge I 
I BRAKE I I Alignment I Special I 
I I I $1495 I $1495 I 
I SPECIAL I I MooI~ In.d<s & "" ''''1 I - II.bt _1iItt, ~"5 1 1$6995 II-_"=='_-I:":~==~I-I I I I Computerized I I 
I m",' CA" I I Fr?nt End I Strut I 
I 24-Thousand IlIIe Wananly I I AlIgnment P k I 
I Replace Ironl pads <WId rear I I $2495 I ac age 

lining ' Resuriaceroiors. Moo . .... " I SpeCial I I drum$. bleed & a~ust I I Sttcu ..... ...,boo' & lOt .. I I 
I sySIem.Extrametallcpads. I I ~r=-:I>ons· G .. urlTidg ..... SIOII-" I 
I- Eliplles 31!i191 AIle .boul our I Supo< Struts $11"" - - - - -II !OIIr·whtel.lIgnmenl I FrH.~"'Ih~ I 
I FREE II (T~~~·li") .1. MooItoI1''''''I''~' I I Ir----- -----, 
I INSPECTIONS I I FREE ALIGNMENT CHECK I 
L Wilhlhosld Mosttol1 .J L __ 'WilhNId .J 
----- -----------

Miramar Auto Center 
6696 Mirmar Rd. #1 

558-8562 

Mon.-Fri.·S a.m.-6 p.m. 
Sat. S a.m.-4 p.m. 

Sunday by appointment only 

NOW OPEN IN PT. LOMA I 3112 Midway Dr . Sle D. 223·2248 

UCSD NIGHT 
IS BACK!· 

lUlSDAY N~..,. 
UVE ENTERTAlNI'K"' 

PAUL HAyWARD 
8·1130 

• Lunch 
• Dimer 
• e>ys .... Bar 
• 21/w student 10 " 

t 
1 

~ 

!p \1!J 
~\tl1S 

~DAYNJGHTS 
UVI.NlllfAINMlNf 

PlAm500LD 
. 7·10 

Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-12 pm. Fri.-Sat. 11 am-2 am 



6 OPINION 

••••••••••••••••••• 

Buy a single or double 
scoop ice cream and 
get a 2nd 01 equal or 
lesser value FREEl 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• ~ 2 for 1 

• HourI • • lo Jolla Colony 1770 ReI/en .. Rd 0108 (In the von, SMppong Cenle'. I "n- ~ pM".... '.J\ • 
000 e"""",", po< cv.'omer Upir .. 211-/91 \I OfT'-' prY' f & 501 • ~ •..•••••.••........................ 

WITHO{JT A PIllA! 

I 
----FEBRUARY SPECIAL $7 99 LARGE ~ .. "" PEPPERONI 

ron! /or ONLY 57.99, "Ius II 
Get. LorgO RJGINt\ L Che ....... ~Off~ r.;V.iF.b. 4th through Mmh lOth . Good on Dt-Uvcry or arryOU . ired 
•• JUST ASK. No coupon n'qu plY' : • I only ~:::" ",,,onIi NoI..-s- ............ ~..",~_moy~..;; ..... .., E.<pIOSl/11W1 v..c._, __ ~ OIhIr'1 ... ~.,nut.-.", .... .,. I ~: ~'*' 1ft nal penIIilldtOt tat QIlrvtrM ______ -

-------

----
-----

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Ct. 

HOURS: 
11 am·1 am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am·2 am Fn. &. Sal. 

ThE' UNIVERSITY OF SAN 01 EGO offers an Inlen· 
51ve ABA Approved posl graduate 14 week 
LAWYER'S ASSISTANT PROGRAM Thl<; Program 
WIll enable you to put your educallon to work as a 
skIlled member of the legal team 

on campus 
Wednesday, May 1,1991, 12:30 p,m, to 2:30 p,m, 

Career ervices Multi-Purpo e Room 
For more tnformatlon 
contact your career center al (619) 534-4939 

----------------------------t LCSD T bTll lIlI,r>" \ 
'6--" If) [)I'~' 
Name 
Current 
Address 

Clty __ 

Current Phone' 
Permanent Phone If 

Lawye(s Asslstanl Progra'Tl 
H.:lcm31H SeflaHal 
Sa10eg C 92110 

b '~'1 ~9 

~SI8Ie __ IIp __ _ 

The UCSD Guardian 

LETTERS 

u.s. Policy in the 
Persian Gulf is 
Contradictory 
Editor: 

The news portrays Saddam 
Hu~ein as a monstrous villain, a 
dictator, and a Iymnl. The rea on 
the government give u for going 
to war agalnstlmq is the fact that a 
tyrant has invaded a peaceful na-
tIOn. This I ' not the real motive for 
this intervention. 

Saddam Hu sein is very likely 
to be a villain and a tyrant. The 
reason why we are at war with 
Iraq, however, is becau e Hussein 
IS not "our" tymnt. The U.S. has 
supported dictators in several 

place~, especially in Latin America. 
In Chile, forexample,lhe people 

had freely elected alvador Allende 
for the pre idency, who was a 
representative from the sociali t 
parry. The U.S. ent the Marines 10 
Chile to help a small minority who 
didn't want Allende in power to 
start a revolution. Allende wa 
overthrown and a puppet govem-
ment was established. General 
Plnochet wa put in power, and he 
retained the presidency from the 
middle of the 1960s until just re-
cently. 

The U.S. also supported 
Anasta io Somoza, the bloody 
dictator in Nicaragua, for everal 
decades. In 1939, Samoza was 
awarded the title of "Mister Good 
Neighbour of the Year" by Presi-
dent Franklin Roosevelt at the 
White House. 

The U.S. interference in the 
Persian Gulf is a contradiction to 
previou actions. The U.S. give 
the til Ie of tyrant to Hu ein while 
it helps individuals like Pinochett 
and Somoza oppress the people of 
Chile and Nicaragua. 

Oscar Laffaye 

Most <i my heroes 
don'l appear on no 
convention cenlers 

Tuesday, February 19, 1991 

BlACX & WHITE CAATOONS 
OF COLOR 

ZACHARY BERMAN'S 
WET DREAM 

Recoil all "unsuccessful races" - Black America has a new 
voice .. , Zachary the great. The man, the commentaries, the 
hair. See him, fear him, he belongs to the "successful" race 
with aU the Nobel prizes but he' not a white supremaci t 
because he's Jewish. 

Sure, but hurry up. [ have a wave 
to catch and a hatr .ppotntmcnr 
ar 2 o'clock 

Pardon me your whiteness, 
but may I touch you? 

REALIT~Y ___ --... 
----------------------~ 
Ir's un-American for Blacks ro call 
themselves African-Americans. 
Most Blacks would rather be called 
Black. It's just a select few Black 
leaders who are trying to teach 
youth to be: unpatriotic. 

You don't have the foggiest idea 
what AFRICAN-AMERICANS 
want. Ya big Mickey Mous<: 
voice, booty chin, ]dfSpi.:o1li 
from Fast Tim" At Ridgemont 
Higb look-alike! 

Tuesday, February 19, 1991 

DIET ZONE 
Continued from page 4 
did great. Four pounds this week 
- you should be smiling." 

I offer her weak smiles, but I 
can't ex pre to her how I feel 
inside. 

No matter how much weight I 
lose, 1 still feel Ii ke a failure - I 
have failed at just being me. How 
can I explain to Shelli, who is so 
pretty, so cheerful, and so damned 
kinny, lhateven thoughI'm doing 

what I set out to do, I feel as though 
I've betrayed my ex, my indi-
vidualism, my identity - all be-
cause I dream of looking like a 
movie star. Or of looking like her. 
So. my passive-aggressive barbs 
keep escaping at my meeting . But 
it's getting better. 

Last week, I reached my "half 
way," Shelli was very proud of me, 
And, suddenly, I was proud of my-
elf. 

SheUi looked through my chart. 
"You have been doing a great job. 
Don't you feel good now?" I nod-
ded and grinned. I really did feel 
good. And I didn't even re ent 
Shelli_ Wonder of wonders. 

"You have been eating right, 
exerci ing - I see you've been 
swimming three time a week. The 
resu lts speak for themselve ," 
Shelli praised. I felt my ego grow_ 

For the first time, I allowed 
myself to look at my dieting in a 
positive light. I was maldng myself 
healthy and happy. That is the 
bonom line. I'm not giving in and 
being weak, I'm being strong and 
brave. So there. "Shelli, I do feel 
great!" 

Shelli beamed at me. "And, you 
look great." Okay, 0 she aid I 
looked great. It's all right to be a 
little vain - I accepted the com-
pliment. 

"Look at this," Shelli held up 
my chart, pointing out the polaroid 

The UCSD Guardian 

they had taken of me on that 
horrible first visit. 

"See," she said, " You are not 
the same person that you were 
when you walked in that door." 
I'm not? Shelli looked directly at 
me and continued, "What a dif-
ference! You we re really 
chunky!" 

Boom. Those words brought 
me right back down. Chunky. 
Ouch. That piclUre wasn't of 
some other person - it was me. 
Still i , And I never wan! to as-
sociate the work "chunky" with 
my own name. Again, I wanted 
to cry. 

But,Ididn'l.ldecided to laugh 
instead. Shelli was j ust doing her 
job. Who knows - maybe I 
needed to hear that "chunky" to 
motivate my elf to lose the re-
maining 20 pounds. 

After all , I want to be as 
pretty ... no, I mean as thin ... no, 
I mean as healthy as I can be. 

The UCSD GUII,.il;"" welcomes 1etters and commentaries from all 
members of the university oommumty. Drop your letter at the 
GtuJrtl;"" offices (on the second floor of the Student Center, above the 
General Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
Gurtl;'" 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
Ll Jolla, Ca 92093-0316 

Lettus must be typed, double spaced, and should .include a signature 
and phone number. Unsigned ~ wiD not be printed. We reserve the 
right to edit for length and darity. We cannot guarantee that your 
letter or commentary will be printed. 

UCSD SPECIALS 
~ 

"'W¢I I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
'0" Mltsublsh. Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $35 ~reg . $55) 
1. SP<ik plugs Our rune up mcludes a 101 more Iltart olfters. /I IfJcIudes: 
2. DlSInbutOl points 6. Clean & repiemsh aJllIUld & 011 levels 10. Check undercamage lor damages 
3. Condensers 7 Check brakes 11 . Check coollOg syslem & hoses 
4. AdJUsl ttmlng 8. Checkclulcn 12. Road tesl 
5. Adjusl dwell angle 9. Check lights 

35·point Major Service Special $69 * 
1. CompressIon lesl Extra (orfuel·injected. Ourfna/OftlJtl8 uprndudes: (reg. $150) 
2. Valve adjustmer.: 11. Adjuslltmlng 21. Check & replenISh all 28. Check and lecharge 

Replace' 12. Adjusl dwell angle IIlJd and 011 levels banery, 11 necessary 
3. VaNe cover gasket 13. Adjust carburetor 22. Check elelncal syslem 29. Rotate Ules Ii needed) 
4 Spar;. plugs 14. At:\ust sleenng box 23. Check for loose or lost 30. Check lire pressule 
5. Distnbutor poll1lS 15. At:\us atr & luel ratio IlIIX boilS 31. Lube door h~es 
6. Condensers. tS. At:\ust dUlch 24 Check brakes 32. Check all holders 
i All flnel. 17. Adfus! brakes 25. Check clutch 33. Check cmol'ng syslem & 
8. Otl hher. 18. Adjus! emergency brakes 2S. Check i ghts hoses 
9. Gas hUer. and 19. Check & ad,ust exposed 27. Check undercamage lor 34 Check exhausl syslem 
10. Engine 011 bellS damages 35. Road lesl 

20. Lube Ironl end 
Noli. For 6~ cars acid S20 Toyota Suer ... add SJO Datsun 200SX ",til 8 spark plugs. add 535 

Complete Clutch Job $169 · 
1 TranSl'l1lSSlOn InPUI shan seal (excep! 

Hondas 
2. Plessure elate 
3. Clulch dISC 

We replace: 
4. ThrOWOUl beamg 
5. P,IOI beanngs 
6 New uanSllllssion "I . 
7. Road lesl 

Note. HydraulIC parts are not covered. 
Not for 4WD Flon! wheel dnve ema 

Brake Job Special $39 "(reg. $80) 

OPINION 7 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISISt 

WE'VE GOT 
THE CURE! 

Shipping Worldwide 
novelty Items' gift wrapping' balloons' greeting cards 
.~' ,<lttUoo of ,In "'- ,"Ipp'o, "'," 

~ r 4305 La Jolla Village Drive, UTe Mall 
~ ,). (next to Carlos Murphy's) 

1 M 453-9993 
W. Ill' OPEN DAILY 

Thursdays 
is 

UCSDNITE 
Gea's at 1 

Party on our patio 

$250 Pitchers 
$5°012" Pizzas 

w / one topping 
Mus. have UCSD 1D 

792-7521 145 So. Hwy 101 Solana Beach 

1990 CLEARANCE SALE 

~~~£~~~, 
[Q)~~~@OO~[g1 
~©OO~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 
50%-90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds· Members Only 
Line Up • Limited 

Front or lear Brake JO/Jlncludes ' 
1. 'nslal Special new paos or 1"Slalilear brake shoes 5. Beed enllfe brake system 
2. Dram Old brake IIUld 6 Adjust flonl iii drums) and rear shoes 
3. fn5jled comOiele hydlaullC system 7. Replace frooilolor seills (II 'Olor lurn) 
4 ReMI hydraulIC fluid 8 Road ,esl 

Wed,-Sat. 11 am-6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-3pm 

9250 
eos • 

Nolo HYOlluoe pans are not _ 

Brand new part., Ask about our special rate. for engine oyerhaul., 
All our work lIa. a 2-,ear or 20,~" Omlted warranty, 

All prices include part. and labor. 

overseas rmoslcars) 
Au .. - • 8008 Miramar Rd. 895-1990 ~ Rapg. OIfergoodlhru:lJ2l91 withlhlsad. 

l.alllor app0lnlment. 

•••••••• TOWIng and rental car available. Monday·Friday, 7:30 amoS pm Open Saturday 

t~1 APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
r~ 8250 Camino Santa Fe ~H=t I Miramar, California 

(619)450·3323 



FEATURES 
8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 19, 1991 

Portrait of La Pinta 
• A glimpse at the way of life inside a Mexican prison 

View from the top of the prison, facing the main yard (now covered with tents) and the surrounding community. 
Shadows 

lengthen as the 
late afternoon 

sun streams 
through the 

dust rising in 
the yard. C hil-

dren dart 
through crowds 

at breakneck 
speeds. Groups 
of men gather 

over sodas and 
cards. 'Some sit 
alone, staring 

straight ahead. 
Sunday mass 
lets out. The 

line a/women 
waiting to leave 
at the front gate 

lengthens. 

Story and Photographs By Gall Johnson 
Staff Writer 

By all surface appearances, Ihis dense little communilY is no differenllhan Ihe neighborhoods which surround it. But the 20-foot-high fence which encloses it en ure that while the visitors may come and go. the 
residents mu t remain. 

A few miles ea t of Tijuana, La Mesa Federal Penitentiary, 
or La Pinta, is home to 4,000 people, which includes 2,500 
male and female inmates as well as 1,500 dependent family 
members. Inmates are serving time for aJllYpes of crime, 
ranging from petty thefts and drug-related crimes to murder. 

La Pinta, a unique experiment in pri on life, re embles a 
v illage more than Ihe standard cell-block structure of a 
penetentiary. Little exists on the outside that is not highly 
concentrated on the inside. The population is encapsulated 
within a square city block. It function as its own community, 
and is governed by its own y tern of values. 

Money is a neces ary key to urvival within the 
microeconomy of La Pinla. The mordida system of purchased 
privelege is an active factor of the economy. Housing and 
services are not provided - they must be purchased. Inmates 
can own or work in shops or restaurants. as anisans, or at any 
of a dozens of jobs created to keep themselves and the system 
functioning. Living conditions range anywhere from two-to 
three-room apartments to donated blankets on the floor of the 
Catholic church for those without funds. 

The pervasive presence of women and children is the most 
unique characteristic of the system. In addition to the 1,500 
family members who have their residence inside the prison, it 
is al 0 open 10 four conjugal vi iting days a week. Sundays are 
the busie t day, with an increase of more than 1,000 visitors. 
The mood is generally festive. Children arrive in their Sunday 
be t. Husbands walk quietly with their wives. A few entrepre-
neurs have set up decorated taxi pushcarts. Five thousand 

An inmate under the Crucifix inside the Catholic church. The 
mural was painted by a resident artist. 
pesos will guarantee the privacy of parents and the knowledge 
that their children will be pushed around the yard for half an 
hour. 

A desire to keep the family unit intact is a major reason 
many women choose to live inside the prison walls. Others are 
economically dependent on their husbands. Inside, it is 
possible to set up businesses, and control their own finances. 
Children raised within the walls provide a steady clientele for 
video game and bicycle rental businesses. The effects of such 
an early exposure to prison life does raise concern regarding 
issue such as a lack of formal educational services. and no 

See PRISON, page 11 

Tuesd ay, Feb ruary 19. 1991 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

Portrait of La Pinta 
Pavano with his mother one week after 

the stabbing: ·I'm still very confused. My 
life has been turned upside down. I was 

almost at the point of being released, and 
now, because of this, / have to sit here 

watching my back 24 hours a day. waiting 
and watching to see what they're going to 

do to me. H 

Transvestites form 
their own community 
and share their own 
tanque (dormitory). 
They work as 
clothes-washers and 
hair stylists. 

PRISON SNAPSHOTS 

Ben Ford 
Seventy-ooe-year-djAmerican Ben Ford attempted 

10 fight 011 two burglars with a hammer and a can of 
insecticide two weeks ago at his La Pinta residence. 
They were sawing through the bars on his skylight at3 
a.m. He lost. His belongings were stolen, and he was left 
tied up wi1h his own shoelaces until he was found later 
in the morning. Ford is hesitant to leave his home for his 
afternoon walk, the same stroll he has taken for the past 
seven years. A former orphanage volunteer, Ford was 
convicted on molestation charges, for which he has 
persistently declared his Innocence. He says he would 
not have been convicted had he not appeared as a 
defense witness for another man. Others have admitted 
guil~ but Ford sees no future chances of acquittal. He is 
supported by members of his Spring Valley church. 

John McCall 
Thirly·year-old John McCall's home, or caJraca, is 

illuminated by the glare of a single light bulb. His room is 
the size of atwin bed,and is home tohimselfandhiscats. 

Caughtwithmarijuananear~fouryearsa~,thlsScottish 
native now speaks fluent Spanish. He works as the 
resident English teacher, andconsiders himseij a member 
of the middle class within the Pinta's socioeconomic 
structure. His profession allows him to cross CNer most 
social levels, as he teadles classes in the school, in 
addition to offering private lessons to other inmates,the 
prison warden, and the parole board. He has served half 
of his seven-year, two month sentence for possession of 
four kilos of marijuana. McCall is hoping to be released 
soon, but feels he is caught in a bureaucratic circle. The 
conditions of his parole require the cooperation of both 
the British and Mexican ~vemments. Officials from 
both nations claim that their hands are tied. ""I'd known 
that I was going to have to face this mess, I'd have 
invested in rope instead,' he quips, glancing wryly at the 
outside waR. 

S~ott 
Scott, a 19-year-old American, was recently re-

leased after his grandmother paid his bail. During his 1 Q. 
month stay, he depended on friends for his survival. 
RaIsed within the Church of Scientology, Scott was ill· 
prepared for the daJ1<er world of prison life. His escape 
had been reading science flCbon books. Given three 
wishes, he hoped to "get the hell out of here, make up 
with my Dad for all the hurt I've caused, and to be captain 
of the New Star Trek USS Enterprise: Scott's bail had 
been reduced several times after his admittance to the 
prison. His parents did not supply financial help due 10 
controversy between his father and himself, and the fact 
that all of their funds are channelled through the Church 
of Scientology. 

Arturo 
Several years ago, 25-year·old Arturo died of a 

ruptured appendix while awaiting bail funlt. Because he 
was too ashamed 10 admit he was in prison, his fami~ 
was unaware of his whereabouts. After his death, it was 
revealed that he had been an accomplice to a robbery of 
13,000 pesos (approximately $5). Arturo's bail was set 
at 35,000 pesos (approximate~ $15). He was to poor 10 
pay, and too proud to ask for funds. 

Mama 
Sisler Antonia Brenner, or 'Mama' as she is known 

to the COITITIUnity, has voluntarily lived inside the prison 
walls since 1977. An Irish-American nun, she walks 
freely throughout the yard, with "her boys; as she 
lovingly refers to the inmates. Mama is a soothing 
presence with a loyal following. During an outbreak of 
violence inside the prison last summer, she appealed to 
the inmates to calm down through a local television 
station. As she was broadcast live from the front parking 
lot. the rioting momentarily ceased. 

Inspired from a caling she received as a young 
woman, Mama has been motivated mainly by love since 
she began her prison ministry in 1967. Se~ respect, she 
leels.1s a major key kl change In behavior. 'I'msomeone 
who says they're worthwhile. I love 10 have their friend-

See SNAPSHOTS, Page 11 



10FBATURES The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 19, 1991 

.- . ., ------------- ~----I Some Students Claim Scholarship-1# rBL Cony ~'fao+ : Search Companies are a Scam ~ ~ L.. I ,... • After paying processing fees, investors see no returns 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELa & GOMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holiday Ct. (next to Domt"o's PI:aa) • 452·9949 
M.F 8:30·6 p .m f •• I I 'II 
Sat. 1·4 p.m. W,th UCSD 10 

THUNDERBIRD 
AJ\lEfU( 11. (.IHI \,I~. S( 11001. 

OF I\, 11:1~ \'1 10.\' \I . • \IAN \(.~~.\lI :XI 
(;ll"KIaI ... Ari""", 11.',1(.; I 'S \ 

A I,<,pre cntati e will be on campu 
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1991 

LO discus ' 
GRADUATE STUDY 

Int('rviews may be . 'hedulf'd at 
CAREER SERVICE5 CENTER 8-031 

•.. --.. --.. --.-~ 
· ' \ 
• When You 
: Buy Any 

PIZZA 
PASTA or 
SANDWICH, 

_ .. 

• 
J ~ 

I 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

We'll give you soup or salad : 
,u us_' and a beverage I 

III' WI"'" r wine & beer included) II plUDlT t, 
' 1Or::.~ FREEl I 
• M-III 110 .... 11 pm • ( $330) I 
t s!.~:~:;:~ pm Olne·ln only for this special offe. saW! up to. II 

PI.,..., pre5C'nl coupon when ~ring. ExpIres JlSI91 ,,~.~====r I 
• 8873 vUla la}oUa Dr. LoJol1a Vfllage Center • 
• 455·0662 I 
• UCSD's original Ptzzer1a is st1iltbe best! I .. _ .. _-_._-_. __ ... __ . 

I Angela Rova lucky. When many of the potential for SLS, offered advice for stu-
I Gvardian Reporter scholarship sources notified him dents who plan to utilize scholar· 
I They ambush students by mail. that he "missed the deadline," and ship search companies. 
I They guarantee their services or Ihat the "scholarship fund had run "One ... clue sometimes to a 
I the student's money back. But out," Olavarria refrained from Iak- scam is on their stationary - it 
I some scholarship-search compa· ing any action and decided to ac- implies that they are connecled 
I nies fail to make good on their cepl the loss of his service fee. with the federal government in 
I word. Warren senior Mark Boc· some way," he aid. 

For a processing fee - typi· chicchio found similar responses One scholarship- earcher, dis-
cally between $60 and $100 - to his attempts at seeking scholar- playing a eal of the U.S. Capitol 
companie offel to end tudent hip . Companies response in· on its brochure, call itself the 
infonnation on funding their col· cluded, "Applicants must be legal Academic Council of Financial 
lege educations through scholar- re identsofLo Angele County," Assistance. Washinglon. D.C. This 
ship. The companies send pack- "discontinued," "for local chool i the name of the company, and 
etscontaining lists of organizations only." "for employees of Fanner's according to Virga, the seal seem 
or other scholarship sources that Insurance Group," and "for. .. to lend legitimacy to the finn by 
Ihey claim are specifically tailored resident[s] of Iowa." referring to the U.S. Capitol. 
for the ludent' major or intere t. "They make it up to be a very Virga said Ihat if sludents have 
Some UCSD tudent feel that pecialized thing, and they give been avictimoffraudand have not 
while orne companies are legiti- you a Ii t from who knows where," reponed it, they are welcome to 
mate. others fun her nobody' s in- Bocchiccio said. "About eight [of discuss iI at SLS. W,hile there is no 
lerest bUI their own. 24 scholarship ources] never reo guarantee that they will ever reo 

"Of course I was a linle skep- turned my lener, and the rest of cover the fee, any infonnation 
tical," said Revelle senior Patrick them would not even give me an could help IheMail Fraud Division 
Burke. "[Bul the company] said application- theytumedmedown of the U.S. Postal Service in a 
thai they had a money back guar- flat." investigation of such companies. 
"ntee that if they could not match The company's final letter to according to Virga. 
you up with three po iblc ources Bocchiccio tated, "You will note "The be t thing i to not let it 
for a scholarship. then they would that the guarantee originally ap- happen in the first place. Come in 
refund your money. So 1 figured. plied to only those students who and talk to us first before you invest 
'What do I have 10 lose?'" received responses from all sources any money at all," he aid. 

Burke went to the company within three months." "If [students] think that they 
office, paid the $60 fee, and filled Bocchicchio said that, although can benefit from them. ask the 
out a que tionnaire. When he reo this company eventually extended company for [names of other stu· 
ceived a list of approximately 30 the deadline, he was still unable to dents] they might be able to talk to. 
addres e forpotential cholarship obtain enough responses. Burke said. If the company can't 
sources, he drew up a letter about "After about six toeightmonth come up with at least one or two 
himself. invested in the postage, of corresponding with this com· satisfied customers. Ihen there is 
and sat back to wait for the replies. pany, they finally rejected my reo something wrong." 

.. As far as I was concerned, quest for a refund, at which point I "We recommend that the stu· 
right away [the ervice] was fraud told them I wouldpursuethe maner dents do the legwork themselves," 
because for the first ten or so [reo in small claims court," he said. said Paula Mislap, an assistant in 
spon e J, I was either the wrong Bocchicchio went to Student the UCSD Scholarship Office, 
race or the wrong religion. A Jot of Legal Services (SLS) for advice adding that the campus service is 
them would have been negated just about small claims court. free. "They can come into my of-
by respon es that I had made on the "The counselor Ihere. Mary, fice ... and look through the pul>-
que tionnaire," Burke said. tried to give them a call, and both !icalions we have. We do not rec· 

Burke was able to recover his [the company's local and 800 ommend the search services be-
money from the company when it numbers] had been disconnected," cause many of them do not have 
failed to provide the expected reo he explained. any more recent infonnation than 
sulls. Bocchicchio then went down to we have right here in the Scholar· 

According to Burke, he and a the company's office in San Diego ship Office. 
friend went down to the company's and found "avery smallofficc, not At the Central Library. on the 
office and demanded their money a big organization like they were second floor, there are reference 
back. and through persistance they making themselves out to be." materials which the students can 
were able to procure a refWld. Bocchicchio still has not obtained go and look through and see if they 

Other students, such as Revelle a refund. have anydiing they are interested 
senior Greg Olavarria, were not so Mary Virga, a legal counselor in." 

HAIR DESIGNS 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vons) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Neill to PIZZa Hut) 56&6100 

UNlVERsm TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPr. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURIST AVAIlABLE 

Tuesday, February 19, 1991 

The daughters of an inmate play together in the prison. 

FREE and Confidential 

Unable to Relax? 
Anxious, nervous, tense? FREE research studies are available 

to people suffering from anxiety. Symptoms include feeling 
nervous, tense, irritable, stomach problems, insomnia, muscle 
aches, and difficulty concentrating. Suitable volunteers receive 

free medications, lab tests, physicals and psychiatric evaluations. 
18 or older, please call Monday through Friday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

00000 FEIGHNER o 0 RESEARCH INSTITUTE 
FREE STUDIES also available 

for depression 

554·0100 
The Leadu in PsycMpharmacol~ Research Since 1973 

The UCSD Guardian 

PRISON 
Continued from page 8 
socialization with children from 
more stable environmenl . Resi-
dent nun. Si ter Antonia Brenner 
comments. "They actually grow 
up wilh wann feelings about this 
place. My bigge t concern is that 
they grow up wilh no fear of 
prison." 

In the chill of a February 
evening, people have begun 10 
gather around fires. Many people 
are spending this winler in anny 
tents as bulldozers have demol-
ished the entire women 's ection. 
Con truction work on new donni-
(Ories created a a way to pha 'e out 
the current hou ing situation is 
underway. Within the next few 
years. La Pinta will become a pro-
cess holding center for tho e 
awaitingcoun hearings. Senlenced 
inmales will be transferred to a 
larger prison in Tecate. 

THIS D 
SPACE FOR 

SALE. 
UCSD GUJrJ lnn Adwm 111/1 
(619)534-3466 

EXCITING JOBS IN ALASKA 
HIRING Men· Women. Summer/Year 
Round . FishIng . CanneCies. logging. 

Mining. Construction. 0,1 Companies. 
Skilled/Unskilled . Transportltion 

$600 plus weekly. CALL NOWI 
1·201·736-7000, Ext.~ 

UCSD AFRICAN HISTORY MONTH FINALE 

THERE'S NO MYSTERY 
TO THE HISTORY 

FEATURES 11 

SNAPSHOTS 
Continued from page 9 
ship and walk v.i1h them, When I 
show someone that I love them, ij 
makesthemfeelworthwhi1e."When 
asked what she would ike to have 
related about the Pinta to a college 
audience, she immediately re-
sponded,"Just askthem 10 love us." 
Pavano 

Thlrty·three-year·old Pavano 
was transferred to another institu-
tion near Ensenada in IaleOctober. 
He was near his release date last 
summer when he faced another 
charge: homicide of a feDow In· 
mate. Tensions ha1 bui~ up be· 
tween rivaDingfactions, aIXiresuhed 
in his stabbing of another inmate. 
Pavanospokequietly oftheinddent 
a week after its occurrence. "I knew 
thtl guywasbylngtokiU me because 
he had nothing to lose. He was 
facing the rest of his life behind bars 

OISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most docloral studenls 16491%). aNer 
completing their course wOrk. remain w,th 
a dlssertallon pending complelon ,ndel!· 
""eiy Among lhasa ABOs IAII·B. Hhe· 
O,sserlal'on) are generaily lound the 
bnghlest and mosl creative candtdales. 
Addresslrg those e,ements ,n\fOlloed In de· 
laying comp'elIon. the wOrl<shop guides 
partlclpanls . from beglnn,"!) 10 fO'low,n9 
Ihrough and co~lelloll. part icularly aNer 
years of InactNlty and regardless of where 
they are In the process 

Workshop Inlormatlon 
985-0426 

Posigraduale Group 

anyway. It was either him or me and 
he lost: 
David 

Six·year-okl David would like to 
have a txke, a little car that runs. and 
a toy Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle 
doll, He moved inside the prison along 
with his mother and sister, after his 
father "had been taken away by the 
police when they found a box in our 
house: David prefers to live insKfe 
the prison, because. "Here I get to be 
with my Dad, and he doesn't drink 
anymore. He and my Mom used to 
fight and I didn't like it.' 

John William McCall as-
sIsted with this story. 
Johnson and McCall are 
collaborating on an in· 
depth portrait of the prison, 
which they plan to publish 
Ihis spring. 

Guest Speakers: 
singer, JEFFREY OSBORNE 

& actor, DARRYL BELL 
( 'Ron' of A Different World) 

DAILY WEAR .................... $89 ALL POLO 
FRAMES 
ON SALE Also Featuring the African 

American Dance Troupe 'MALAI KA' 
and a Personal Video Presentation 

by the cast of A Different World 

EXHIBITS 
ARTIFACTS 
DOOR PRIZES 
FASHION 
Saturday, February 23, 1991 
7:00 pm-9:00 pm 
UCSD Price Center Ballroom 
Dance immediately following 
until 1 am 

ADMISSION: general $ 9.00, UCSD faculty/staff $ 8.00, 
all students $7.00, and $12.00 at the door. Tickets are 
available at UCSD Price Center Box Office and at all 
Tickelrnaster outlets. 
MORE INFO: call 534-2237 or 534-3362. Sponsored by 
UCSD's African American Student Union, Black Economic 
Society, Black Staff Association, Fifth, Muir, Revelle, 
Third, and Warren Colleges. 

(Cooperthln) 
EXTENDED WEAR .............. $105 
(8 & l. 03/04) 
BROWN EYES BLUE .......... $199 
(Myopes only) 

Includes: ComilIeta.,. _ .ma.-n. 
la1·ltro""UI!J~&fit!Irc·PW "'t<JntacI_ 

r.,_(ne~·FoIIoww 
CIft·SoIutIot! cart !dt'Fvlln$t'\ICtIons & 

trtin .... Two-month elll pmcraml 
Other mojor _ " 

$10500 

r----------, 1200/0 OFF I 
I A SECOND PAIR OF CONTACT LENSES I OR BACKUP GLASSES WHEN PUR· I CHASED WITH A PAIR OF CONTACTS. I 

(Olter explr •• 3151911 .J L _________ _ 

ASK ABOUT OUR NO-WAIT 
REPLACEMENTS STARTING 
AS LOW AS $19 PER LENS 

.-

WE NOW HAVE DISPOSABLE 
CONTACT LENSES 

visioncare 
8780 MI ....... , Rd. 

1 'I. miles 8_ 01805 behind Carfs Jr. 
578·6796 



12 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 19, 1991 The UCSD Guardian ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 13 

UCSD Comedians 
Emerge for Comedy 
Competition at Pub 
• Revelle senior Gerald Wolfe wins the Certs 
competition for the third year in a row 

By Gregory Waypa 
Staff Wfller 

You ~[3nd thcre,cool, calm, and 
collected. Walling. Thenyourname 
i., announ ed and you walk out 
onto the ~tagc. A lone ~potli ght 
,hines in yourcyes and blinds y u. 

. You can ' t .,ce thc audlcnce and 
you 're not sure If they 3fe even 
there. 'You don' t hear their ap-
plause, only si lence. You wau', up 
to the microphone your only 
protecllon. It 's your cane, your 
c.u((;h, \0 you gnp it like a walklllg 
,II k. resting y ur weight n the 
,tand like It Wil\ a third leg 

You tuke a deep breJI h and open 
up wllh your firsl joke. Chuckling 
IS heard . Yes, there 1\ an audience 
You de ll \ era few 11l0reJoke~ to get 
Ihe feci of the crowd. Now kn Yo' 
mg which jokes ilre gomg to work. 
and which ones .Iren't, you re.l ·h 
for the big guns. BUI the big 
tluestion remains .. . Why do it? 

Why has siand-up comedy be-
come such a bIg thmg these days? 
Is there a reuson why people arc 
shelling out for IIckeh al comedy 
dubs Ihal co,tlllorc than gOing out 
10 a mOVIe, not to llIenllOn Ihe two 
drink minimum? 

Comedy I' a tricky busllles~. 
It 's hard toknow ju~t what is funny. 
And how does onedclcnninc what 
IS funny? Well , for staner , one 
can try out their jokes on a live 
audience. Or one can si mply be 
touched by the hand of God and be 
;>roclaimed funni('M person ;I live 

this event belllg a very rare 
OCCLlrrence. 

Forten U D ~tllden t s, the first 
option was til 'Ir only mean\ to 
make a go at comedy. So. muster-
Ing up a hell of ,I lot of courage, 
these ten lost souls marched for· 
ward to greelthe limelight and the 
laughter, or die III the attempt. 

Why do It'? I'or Greg LlIlden, 
one of the ten conte,t.lnts. it was 
'Imple. "There's nothing good on 
TV tOl1lght,"he explallled For Gus 
HoroWitz II .... as something com-
pletely different: ,,' au,e I'm 
mental." 

Mental docsn 't begin IOdescnbe 
Gus a, he ~to<'xI on .,tage descnb 
II1g hiS OOUb With flatulence. fur 
some contestants, lt wa the ideaol 
ma)"lng people laugh, .... hife for 
other~ it was the hopefu l , t;II1 of a 
Cilreer In the stand-up field. And 
for one. It was the hance to get a 
free t- 'h1l1 . 

MUir junior Paul " Monty" A hley, 
who looked like Sam Spade In his 
hat and tan trench oat, comedy 
took a language-ba ed twist: ''I'm 
a new breed of comedian in that I 

refu~e to u~e egue . So I wa 
watching ESPN ..... 

Of the group, two comedians 
really stood out. The first was Rev-
elle eniorGeraldWolfe, who won 
tIll ycar competition and the last 
two ompetit ionsat UCSDa well. 

Wol fe is good, and knows how 
to war)... the audience. He has had a 
lot of prilclIce III dOlllg stand-up at 
both th L.A. and San Diego 

l mprov~. as well a~ San Diego '~ 
omedy tore. 

Thi~ summer, Wolfe plans to 
g toMo cowwithhlsjoke trans-
lated into Ru ,ian to try his humor 
outonadiffercntkindofaudien e. 

Unfol1unatcly, I l>aw Wolfe win 
last year's competition and I saw 
him Will again thi year using a lot 
of the same jokes. It was almol>t 
like watching a repeat on lelevi-
l>ion. 

Accordi ng to Wolfe, the reason 
his routinc consIsts of half of the 

, 

Buya Bag of 'Popcorn,' but 
Don't Stay for the Movie 
By ChrIstIne Kaloper 
Guardian Reporter 

"Pop om." What a great 
name for a horror movie. Or is 
that a horrible movie? Either 
way, "Popcom" hould increase 
revenue at concession stands 
across the country. People will 
want popcom, either to pelt at 
the creen ortoeat while trying 
to distrac t their mind from rhis 
typically bad mix of humor ane 
fright. Unfortunately. the hu-
mor insults the audience and 
weaken the fright. 

Aside from the overall inef-
fectiveness of "Popcorn" as a 
ource of entertainment, it in-

cludes one intere ting tech-
nique: the film wimin the film. 

In a quest to raise money for 
their university's film depart-
ment, everal students host a 
"Horrorthon" film festival. 

In the course of this festival, 
a few grizzly murders take place. 
Not only do we get to see and 
hear the screams and bad jokes 
linked to the killing ,but weare 
shown four min i horror flicks, 

remin i cent of tho e from the '50 
and '60 . 

Although these films provide 
the audience with adiversion, their 
contra t to the actual film i rather 
disappointing. They surpa s ri-
diculous and are ju t plain funny. 

With this technique and with 
other complex plot twi ts, "Pop-
corn" trie feebly to do too much. 

The film begins badly the mo-
ment Ma' gie (J ill Schoe len) opens 
her mouth and lets out her whiney 
voice. 

Even in the face of danger, our 
nauseatingly optimi tic heroine 
practically kips away from a p y-
chotic killer. 

Equally repulsive i the weak 
romance between Maggie and 
Mark (Malcom Danare) dusted 
over the plot. It doe not carry the 
audience and is only used to com-
plete the fairy tale paradigm. 

Yes. there 'sanevil villain. And 
ye ,there 's a helpless victim. But 
goodness, where's the hero? 

Well . thaI' where Mark trick-
les in . Although hi character is 
banal,as i consi tent with the plot, 

he jumps in and r----~:"'JII"-----.... ---------, 
awkwardly ave 
the night. Enthusi-
astic Maggie even 
equates him to Indi-
ana Jones. 

The acting per-
fornlan es in "Pop-
corn " come no 

where near t those 
in " Indiana Jones.' 
They are glaringly 
under par. 

Althou gh 11' S not 
a huge compliment, 
the character of 
Toby (Tom Villard) 
is best acted - per-
haps becau 'e Toby 
is the only mildly 
inten. e role.When 
given the opportu-
nity to act, Villard, 
unlik e hi col-
leagues, switches a 
dorky college stu-
dent to a dark char- 1.-0 ___ _ 
<icter with a ome- Maggie (Jill Schioe/en) prepares for the horrorthon. 
what int rigu ing 
background. Without Villard, the film would be void of any aCling ment. 

In addition to general bad acting and 
an overambitious plot Mructure, "Pop-
corn" also perpetuates sexist stereo-
types: bim bo sl uts Ti na and Joy (freddie 
Marie Simpson and Karen Witter) and 
the dieting Joanie dressed as a nurse 
(I vette Soler). 

lIas the world become \uch a 
depre\sing place that it needs to 
h'lVe a cOllled y III ject ion every ollce 
III a while? 

Being funny IS the objective of 
every comedian. but how to do It? 
Wllh Warren ollege sophomore 
Julie hennan . it was walk.ing out 
into the audience to talk with Katy, 
a member of the audience. and 
then dlscusslIlg wnh Kat} the l~n­
etits ofkmillll1e hygiene. "So Kill , 
dn you ever f\!c1 1I0t so· fre~h?" 
Sherman as!-.ed. After that, 
Sherman sought a different foml 
of comedy \\ nh her s!-. etch on de-
signer yarmulkes - li k.e a 
yarmulke with cro se,> on it for 
those indecisive people. 

ame joke~ is because he )...now:, 
they work. and he usc· them to 
gauge the audience. Thb might be 
fine and dandy, but forme it eems 
little like cheating - or at lea ' \ 
lik.e tak.ing the easy way out. 

Gerald Wolfe, the winner of the Certs College Comedy Competition, accepting his award. 

"Popcom" also !>uggests.through the 
divi ion of labor among the film stu-
dents, that women are mindless and 
inclined towards meniill labor while 
men are more accustomed to technical 
jobs. nfonunately. th:1t 1\ as the one 

qucstlOn I dldn't :I'k Frank. King. 
You sec, Fran)... King is the comc-
dian who hosted the ,\llOual Cens 
Collegl' Comedy Cumpetlt IOn that 
was held last Monday III the Triton 
Pub. It \\ a, at this cvcntthat I got ;\ 
chance to tal)", wllh Frank Kin!!. 

It wa~ahoat thi,event that I got 
to see some of the be~t stand-up 

comedian~ Iha! UCSD ha. ... o offer. 
Well. It', .. good thing that King 

~ a~ funny . For a different comedian, like 

It would have been nice to see 
Wolfe try more new material. be-
ause watching him take hIS wig 

off mld-v ay through hi act is 
getting really old. 

TIle second stand-out stand-up 
\\ as Warren freshman PhilIp 
Michael , and as far as I'm con-
cerned, he won the ~ompctition 
hands-down. 

Unfortunately, Michaels i a 
good friend of mine, and my 
opinion carries about a much 

-

weight as a mother judging her 
daughter in a beauty conte t. But 
who care? Michaels did every-
thing from revi ing adown-in-me-
dirt Mon ter Truck Competition 
commercial for Jesus Christ, as if 
Jesus was still alive and on tour. 

Michael also did impre sions 
of the muppetsdoing Shakespeare. 
a wel l as President Bush and Jack 
Nicholon. 

Unfortunately. according to (he 
judge , Michaels only grabbed a 
close second. But they st ill sug-

gested he try his luck at the local 
comedy clubs, which is high praise 
indeed. 

After the competition, I asked 
King if he was worried about his 
new competitors. He smiled and 
said, "Nope." But he thought that 
all the competi tors were qu i te good 
and, being a comedian, he ought to 
know. 

IGng has been traveling the 
roads of America in his Toyota 
truck for the past few years with 
hi wife, going from one show to 

UNCERTAIN 
ABOUT YOUR 
MAJOR? (

Sperm 6475 Alvarado Road, Suite 109 

Bank J next to SDSU Inc. 
UNDEClARED 

MAJORS 
WEEK 

FEB. 19-21, 1991 
1_ MUI. DECtStOIS nllSHOP - Step by step guide to process of choosing a major . Panel 
of formerly undeclared students • 'lUIS. fD. 1. AT 7 PM, COVE .0011, P.ICE COIIEI 
2. IIA.IO.S FII.I - Major requirements, department procedures. Dept. representatives and 
faculty members • WEI. fD. 20 FlOIl 11 :31t-) :30 PII. PltCE canu PlAlI 
3. 1IOTI.1IUIE: T1Il •• IEl Fl ..... S TI CUEDS - What is the relationship between 
majors and careers? Panel from the academic community, Career Services 
• TIl ••. fD. 21lT 7 Pll.IIIITA IIIIIM ...... Pltel cma 

Prpspnted by UCSD AcademiC Counsetors Career Services and AC3demiC Departments 

-

DO YOU NEED EXTRA CASH? 
Are you in good physical condition? 

Could you use an additional $300.00/month? 
($35 per usuable sample) 

SPERM DONORS NEEDED 
all ethnic groups 

(619) 265-2407 

another. He has no home, just a 
P.O. Box. and has 150,000 miles 
on his three-year-old truck with 
only two payments left. Also, he 
doesn't behc:ve in wearing socks, 

According to King, he'll be on 
the road until he gets a good per-
manent gig , His one dream is to be 
a game-sh ~ host. 

Also, hero Mark saves frightened 
female Maggie. These examples arc 
not terribly obvious,although they are 
important to notice and think about. 

With a running timeol approximatey 
one and a half hours, "Popcorn" is too 
long and far from entertaining. 

Insteadof seeing it,l would suggest 
investing III $6.50 worth of real popc m. 
You will certainly get more for your 

Until the ,KlIlg would be happy 
to get a gue~t appearance on Late 
Night with Davtd Letterman, or at 
least get a chance to show off his 
travel slides. 

Toby (Tom Villard) recounts a tale of childhood terror and a desire for revenge in "Popcorn. n money. 

Arlsto phanes 

FROGS 
LONDON SMALL THEATRE COMPANY 

Price Center Theater, UCSD 
March • -3 at 8:00 p.m. 

Price Center Box Office or Ticket Master: 
UCSD Community: $3.00 • General Public $6.00 

'ihe single best production of a Greek drama we've 
seen anywhere.' New Yorker 

"'ThIs was the best piece of theater the San Diego area has 
seen for a long time.' Jonathan Saville, San Diego Reader 

Sponsored by Dean of Arts and Humanities. The Stewart Fund. Coundl of Provosts. 
~partmcnt of Literature, and Unton of Oassldsts AS/UCSD 

(Quotes regarding last year's productton of CLOUDS) 

BEING-FIT ~ 
NO INITIATION FEE 

At only $20 a month with no 
contract. you can't get a 
better bargain, 

Otfere,pI.es 3/5(91 

-AEROBICS -NAUTILUS 
.FREE WEIGHTS .UFECYCLES 
.STAIRMASTERS .REEBOK STEPS 

• PERSONAL INSTRUCTION 
• 4 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, 
Clairemont Square Shopping Center 

(Near Lee Words, behind Pat's Sport) 
483-9294 

olso located near SDSU (698-1702) 

--



14 CALENDAR 

SERVlcr.s 

Mondoy.Frid3y 

8:00 am-4:00 pm - SIGI PLUS: Sy I~nu of 
Interactiv~ Guulana: and Informal ion IS' 
compuler.be5ed PI'lllI1llll of ~r informallon 
cit Igntd 10 htlp you clanfy your "-iUs. vllue 
and occtJ~uonal IncereslS. For more 
m(onnaliOfl, COfllt 10 Career SefYf("""eS emler. 
Fret 

'1ond3y. Feb. I H. 19'11 

10: ..... 11:00 am Lobllll nd BI~lu.1 
P~r C"" .... hng. Have I que.uon' Wanl 
wmt'OIle I) r.alk 10":' ad I SUPPOrfl\t 
tnYlroMlCflf~ Drop by t.ht Women'3! Resource 
Center. For rndlYldulllPpolntmenl wuh • 
crarned peer couD>Clor. call 534·2023. FItt. 

1:30 pm4:00 pm DROP· I ADVISING 
IIOURS. For htlp rondlng de: If~ble palHm< 
employmenl. clttennlOIOg carttr &",,1 • 
searchong fOI ION or .,plono, prof. 101111 or 
~radu.lt ochoal opponunllle,. No IppollllfllCnI 
OC'CCl.sary.Jun wallin ClKCT &rvICCS Crmer 
r= 

Tue<day. Feb. 10. 1'191 

8:30 Im·IO:OO.m - GRADUATE MEN'S 
,'ND WOMEN'S GROUP For 
,:raduJlt Muden" Inlerr'Sled 10 cxplonng 
,d.uomhips. acacltmlclprofessioll3l i ue. and 

person.1 eoncems. Leaclt,,: Mlri.m 10supoYlci. 
Nancy Wahllg. C.II 534·3755 for. prdiminlry 
IOlerview. GIl 1003. Free. 

10:00 I m·1 2:00 pm - Alcohol & SubsllInce 
Abuse Peer Counseling: 
Cecelio Nepomuexno. Ittr coull5(lor. 5)4. 
3035. Third College Dean', Office. Free. 

10:00 om· 12:00 pm -Alcohol and ubslance 
Abuse Peer Counseling. Doug She .. s. Peer 
Counselor. SJ4·3585. HSS 2056. FItt. 

I 1:00 am -INTER VIEWING SKIU-S 
WORKSHOP: Do you need help in perpanng 
for job Inlerviews? Career Servict:s Center WIll 
proYlde lips on the best ways 10 prescnl your 
qualifica.ions and whal kind of '"'"""ew 
questions (0 CJ.ptCI . C3Jttr Services Center. 
F .... 

1l:00 pm·I:OO pm - COPING WITH WAR: 
A uppon gl'OOj> for tuden", with loved ones III 
the war zone. Led by Miriam losupov ici. 534-
0255. and David Bluband. 534·3987. Cau for 
infonnalion or just drop In. GH 1003. Free. 

1:30 pm-4:00 pm - DROP· IN ADVISrNG 
HOURS: For help with career pia. job 
hunling, resume preparation. or elploring 
profes iOlllI or ,J1IdUIIe scbool opportunities. 
No Ippoinlm<r1l necessary.jlul walk in. Caner 
Servl"'" Center. Free. 

2:00 pm·J:JO pm - ~E ROMANTIC 
COPING SKIW GROUP: Will 
I_II WIYS 10 create and maintain n:lationships 
and 10 overcome bruJcups. Leadt .. : Beverly 
Hlrju. Mary McNlughton. Sian-up: 534-2237, 
GH 1003. FIft. 

2:00 pm-4:00 pm - RED I (RECOVERIN<l 
FROM EATING DISORDERS): A wdt::m 
~ lillltwmw:ut =~ ofe~tina 

pauerns. Hlbi.·breakin,. self~ eem • ....mon. 
other cop." melho<h IaUghL Leadtrs: Reml 
Juarez. Nancy Wahli,. S'gn.up: 534·3875 
HSS 2101. F .... 

2:30 pm·J:3O pm - OIY and BI~lual Peer 
Counselllle. HIve I que liOn? Win. --.e.o 
W.Ir. IO? Need I supponlye envIronment? Drop 
by the Wlrren Llteflru .. BUlldin" Room n47 
or call 534-2023 for an Ind,v,dual appolntmen. 
WIth a IJ'atncd peer couMClor FftC. 

2:34 pm-4:00 Plll - WOMEN MOU:.STED 
AS CHILDREN (AMA ): A gro~ fonn 
Yoornen ",ho survIVed chIldhood o,"ooltscen. 
se.ual lbuse by suange". ICqUllllllU1<:es. and! 
or f""'lly memb .... CaU LIsa Hmz. '<34-3755. 
Prelrm1llory appomlmtal ntcrnary. Revelle 
Fonnal Loon·o Free 

4:00 pm·5:JO pm - UNDERGRAD ATE 
TIIE.RAPY GROUP' For under,radual. 
lucltn" who haYe h4d Individual counseling 

And In: now .. ady 10 e'plore I. ue. In allmup 
con.<>1. Leadt, EqUIlin Luke. 534·3585. 

P~llml.fW'Y Jppolnuntnl n~ Slat)'. 
Gill 1 Fm:. 

.:00 pm":OO pm -lI.E.O III (RECOYERING 
fROM fAll.t:«i DISORDERS) 
For SllIdtnc who re beyond re,ublr pattem of 
blll,me. dICllnC, or purglne bu. "'110 wanllo 
coollnue tllCII ~If cIt,.lopmenl lhrou&h 
Incruoed level. of sharine and lru I. Si,o·up: 
534~2237 . New LII Bid, . J247. I'm:. 

Wednesday. Feb 20. 1991 

II :OO.m - HOWTO 
INTERVIEW FOR 
MEDICAL OR OTIIER 
HEA LTII PRO~"ESSIONAL 

HOOLS: WhaIIO elpect 
10 an II1ICrvtc:W and bow to 
prepa", for II . An ~ .. I 
5eS..,ion ror thoJe who wish to 
pantclpale in mock. 
Inttrv;ewing pro..,..-n in 

prine· 

11 :30 .m-I:3t Pll -
~~~Al!u¥ 
ewCouog'j"p· 
Ceceli. Nepomuceno. peer 
counselor. 534·3035. Third 
Colle,e Dean's OfTIcc. Free. 

1:00 pm - 11lE 
MARKETABLE RESUME 
WORKSHOP: ~Im how 10 
construct I S"' te-of·the ·an 
"sum< thaI will make you 
stand OUI from the crowd. 
CI""" Services Ceoler. Free. 

1:30 pm-4:00 pm - DROP· 
IN ADVISING HOURS: For 
help with carter goals. job 
hunlin,. ruume preparalion. 
or e.plonn, profes ionaJ or 
graduate school 
opponunilies. No 
appointment ne<;e~, just 

walk in. Career Services Center. F!"e. 

1:.\0 pm-4:34 pm - Alcohol and SIIbsClllce 
Abuse Peer Counselln, : Doug Shcres. Pc:cr 
Counselor. 534·3585. IlSS 2056. Free. 

3:00 pm-4:3O pm - PROCRASTINATION 
GROUP' Overcoming dc:IaYlllg "'!VIti"".n 
order 10 become more focused and mare 
effeclive in studying and wnlina papen. 
Leadtr: Hugh PateS, 534·3456. Re"elle 
Provost's Bid,. Free. 

3:00 pm-4:3O pm - DIAGNOSING YOUR 
HEAL11l CAREER: Inlerested in ","lUna 
WIth people and e'1.i0Y SClCnce? Find 001 how 
Ylnous health caree .. match your inlerem and 
skiU . Career Sen/loea Cenler. Free 

4:00 pm06:00 pm - MEN AND WOMEN 
MOLES1'ED AS CHn.DREN: M..,,, -..ukly. 
Led by Miriam losupoYicl. S34~5 aod Jolin 
Wu. 5)4·3035. CIIl for slgn·up. Third Colle,. 
Dean's Conference Room. Free, 

I 
5:00 pDl06:J4I pm - AFRICAN.AMERJCAN 
WOMEN'S SUPPORT GROUP: Worma1 
discussion ,roup mcetina wtekJy. rocuina on 
inceresu and concems of African.1-rit::an 
women. Leader: Equilla Luu. S34-3585/1ign. 
"p. HSS 2105. Free. 

' :to pm"':. pm - Lesbian aod B~lIiua ' 
Women's SupponGroup, Led by~ 
counselon 0lc1l1Od Debbie. We'", 
conf'tdenJiaJ drop-in ,roup for-. 
rncerested In di.cuS$in, pe-.1 ~ms IIId 
social is-. in I eomfonable. supponive 
envirom1m~ CIIl DaVId 1534-3987. 
Women's Re.lOWCe Center. Fn:e. 

Thursday, Feb. 21. 1991 

9:00am·ll:OO.m- IcoboI a:Sub Wlce 

The UCSD Guardian 

Abuse P«r Couruelin, . Cttelil epomuccno. 
~r c_loc. 534·3035. Thm! Colle&~ 
De:uI '. Office . Free. 

I2:GIO pm.1 :3O pm - PAN ASIAN 
COMMlINfTY FORUM ' Drop-in crouP 
de:SlJlICd 10 addreu 
concern. of A lanI 
PaCIfic blander 
IUdtI1l5I1 UCSD In , 

problem-so/yrng and 
.. upponlvc: 
.uno.pht ... Leade,,: 
Jeanne Mane", and 
Jobn Wu, '34·~03' . 
Mounwn VH:W 
Louage. Free. 

1:00 pm.l:3O pm -
WOM 1'01 
"IOLEST'ED AS 
CHILDRE : For 

00lW \110M JUf\llved 
mole lion in 
chil~ 
adolescence. Leade,,: 

111111n losupoYH:1 and 
K....., eo ..... Call 
534·3155 for 
.pposnonenl GH 
1003, 1·",e. 

1:00 pIII.!:3O pm -
OVfiRCOMLNG 
COMPULSIVE 
EATING: For women 
who h4bilUally dIC. 
and binge. Foeu. on 
managing st.. . buildin, .. If~teem. 
InttclSing IWIt""", , etc. ~.cltr: EqUiUl 
Luke, 534·3585. Preliminary "ppoll1tmenl 
ne<;e,W'Y. HSS 2148. Free. 

1:30 PIII-I:" pm - DROP· IN ADVISING 
HOURS: For help findin, dtsinoble pan·lime 
employmenl . clttennlnina clreer 10alS. job 
hUDting ... ,ume preparation. e.e. No 
IppoOl1ItTleJ\l nece&Sll)' . just wllk in. Career 
'Se",k\:s Center. Free. 

3:00 pm·5:00 pm - Alcohol & SUbsl4llCe 
Abuse Peer COIIIlKllnB: Eric Feliuson. peer 
counselor, 534.()767. Alio Hall. Rm 104/105. 
f'roIt. 

3:00 pm.S:1O pm - ENHANCING SELF. 
.ESTEEM WORKSHOP: Designed '0 htlp 
tndividu&l$ genenole and mainllin I more slable 
and llannonious sense of self-esteem in Ihtir 
lives. Leader: Reina JIWU. 534·3875. Sign-up 
neceuary. HSS 2148. Free. 

4:00~.S:34 pm - ADULT CHn.DREN OF 
DIVORCE: Meets weekly for 6 weeks. Led by 
Nanc:y Wahlig. 534·3755 and Mary 
McNaughton. 53+ 1725. Cau for Slgn·Up. New 
Lit, Bide .• Rm. 3240. Free . 

4:3tpm-$:JO pm -SOCIALSKIUS 
WOItKSHOP: A group fOctJsine 
on d(Yelbpin, skiUs for mc:cting oIher people. 
conversations . .... rtiveness. etc. Leader: 
Lindsay ()Jdc:ron. 53+3755. GH 1003. Free. 

I 

6;30)111>08;00 pm -Gay and Biselual Men'l 
SUI'P"'I Gioup led by peer counselon Tony 
and Chau. Vle.·re . weekly onforma~ 
conr.sential ~r crouP for students who want 
to d,SC\J I uel and share concerns. Come 
I<:nd your suppon! Drop-IO welcome or call 
David at 5)4.3987 for ~ IOfo. Mounll.in 
Viow Lounge (by the !eM is COUrl$ II Third 
Co g~~F~. 
Frlpa,Y. Feb. '22. 1991 

9:oo ..... U:OO.m - Alcoholol Subslana: 
'Abuse ~ Counseling: 
Nw;ol<: BlanChard. Ittr c:owuelor. 534·6030. 
Acad. Sup!>. Bldg .• 2110. F ... . 

t2=- pm.I2:5O pm -REO PEER 
WORKSHOP: Four week woruhop providinc 
Ikllli 10 identifY and ~rove h4bits IIId 
itilUdts "raled 10 ealine and body image. 
Iadcr\cSu$an Feiner, JefUlikr JIBielski. 

C Cori. Rm.102. Free. 

11:1$ "",.1,45 Pia - 11lERAPY GROUP 
FOR,G" 'It MEN: ConIidenriaJ lllerlp)' II'01Ip 
for pashiale!and underal'lClulle py ad 
bi~1'QaI_ lMcIer: Dlvid Blasbud. 534-
3987, CallI).vid for slp-iIp. Lit. BIda .. Rm. 3210. Fh!O! •• 

, 

lliJI ~,.. -Goy and BIoeXllll Peer 
C.,...in .. ~m • ..-;on7 W ... _10 
tall! ,,1 ~ I SlIPPOrtive arvironmenr7 Drop 
by ... Warren UtenllUre BUlldin •• Room 3:lA7 
or ~2023 ror an iDdi.i .... 1 appointmenl 

th • tra;...! ~r cowueloc. Free. 

1:3t .-«tt p. - DROP· ADVISING 
HOURS: For htlp w.th carter JO&Is. JOb 
hllTllina. resume Pftparatioo,etc. '10 

Ippolfttmtnl necessary.just wllk in. ea-t 
Servia: Center. Free. 

2:00 pon·3:30 p .. - EFFECI1VE 
PERFECI10NISM COPING SKILLS 
GROUP' WiU fOCUJ on leamln, 10 use 
Ihougbts. dreams. ICUOn$IOd perftctionistie 
!endencles 10 ucceuluUyachitve 
mterpersonal, acadrmlC and amoer ,oals. 
Leadtr: Beverly Harju, 534·2237. l..oc11ion 
Conf. Rm .. 202 MAAC. Free. 

2:00 pm-4:Ot pm - ALCOHOL AND 
SUBSTANCE ABUSE GROUP: For Sludtnts 
who noIse the question -Do I have I problem?-
Supportive and resourceful enyironmenllo 
e~plore the lbove theme. Leaders: Dan Munoz 
and Equilbllulte. 534-37 5. Reyelle PIOY"'I', 
OffICe. Free. 

3:00 pm.S:OO pm - Alcohol Substance 

Abuse Peer CounselinJ,: Eric Ferauson. peer 
counselor. 53<Hl767. AI10 Hall. Rm 104/105. 
Free. 

4:00 pm-6:to pm - CAMPUS BLACK 
FORUM: Informal discussior\l suppon group 
focusine on i ....... concerns, e.periences that 
aff«1 the qualily of life of the African· 
American oommunity II UCSD. Leaden: Phil 
Raphael. Equilla Luke. 5)4.3755. MounLIin 
View Lounge . Free. 

Salurday. Feb. 23. 1991 

9:00 .m·3:00 pm - IDENTIFYING YOUR 
CAREER WORKSHOP: An a11-day worluhop 
usin, e.tensiye self'lssessmenl and lrouP 
discussion '0 identifY viable career options, 
Limiled spiCe - fltSt come, f ..... served. Sign 
up by Thursday. Feb. 21. Cmoer Services 
Center. Free. 

LECTURE 

Thursday. Feb. 21.1991 

4:30 pm - 1991 Nathan O. Kaplan Lecture in 
Biochtmisuy. Dr. William AUison. Host 
Lec:ture htld in Uebow Audilorium. 2100 
Basic Seience Buildinl, Speaker is Jlck E. 
Dixon. Ph.D .• Wiley Distinguished Professor of 
Biochemi,uy. Purdue UnivmilY. Tille of the 
.. minar is "l'roIein Tyrosine Phosphatases: A 
New Class of ReceplO" and ModulalOr1 of 
Signal Trwductioo. - Leibow Auditorium. 
2100 BSB. Free. 

HEALTH'" FrI1'tESS 

Mooday·Friday 

WIlen ewns come .--ad. we IIatIID focUI 
everythine on Ihe mind. t. .... -'1liliiii-
body! To find oul how fit ,-bodJla;-
by Ihe SlUcltm Health ServIct. 2IId ~ .... 
up for. FREE f_ cvaJ1IIIioo II ~ ~ 

Tuesday. Feb. 19. 1991 } 
~ 

11:00.m - Did you and yoorvaJendne ... 
new depths? It', lime you come o. btrtll 

Tuesday, February 19, 1991 

conllOl IOfo scs ion 10 learn lboul .1I111e 
methods and lllell proper uses Slude", Healch 
Service. 2nd Ooor. Free. 

1:00 pm - A diaphno m is cu 10m fit 10 your 
body. You use 11 WIth • IpermlClcIt th • also 
offe .. some cltg .... of STD proteclion. When 
used With. condom. you' .. <11 .. ufe. SHA's 
dJSClW all methods II binh control mfo 
sessions. SIucltnl He.lch Service. 2nd floor. 
Free. 

Wednesday. Feb. 20. 1991 

10:00 1m - H ... you h4d your annual PAP 
,mc:~ Hive you ever had. PAP smear? 
ExlClly whal ,oes on during the eum is 
presented frankly by I Student Health 
Advocate in I relaxed Itmosphe ... SludeN 
Health Service, 2nd floor. Fm:. 

1:00 pm - Some men complain that condoms 
dull " the fcelin,.- bullllen they llso proion& 
the 0lilSlll. Yel another benefil of the .. size 
ProlCCl8nts. Ge. I freebie II I binh eonorol 
session. Stude", Health Sen/ice. 2nd Ooor. 
Free. 

3:00 PDl- Come to an informali .. lectun: 
aboul mainainin. your "..Ith on campus and 
Ielm how 10 be ...... campus ",sources. 
International Ceotel. Free. 

Thursday. Feb. 21.1991 

10:10 ... - Do you had thaI aller se. drip? 
Condoms no. only proIOClII"inll STD', and 
unplanned preJIDICY. they also make sell neater. 
Gel • fftC one at • biM concml info session. 
Studenl Heallh Servic:c:. 2nd "oor. Free. 

I :oe pm - Has yoor mid'lerm schedule fuUy 
slowed down I lin1e? Now', the lime 10 like 
care of your body instead of your htad. Come 
10. weU woman session and learn abou l breast 
and pelYic eurns. calcium inllke and otllCr 
lhinas. Studen. Health Service. 2nd nOOf'. Free. 
RELIGIOUS SERVICES 

Wednesday. Feb. 20 1991 

,:" p.o - Home cooking served '0 students 
by !he Luthenon Campu, Ministry. Just come, 
Donation requesIed. bulllOl requi .. d. Everyone 
welcome. UniYCRily LutllCran Church. Comer 
of N. Torn:y Pines and La Jolla Shores Drive. 

7:11,. - Bible -'" 001 "Itejeclioo" led by 
CMtpu ...... Jolm Huber oI~ 
c...pu. .. .....,. ()pea 10 IlL Univenily 
.....,. CIIaIcIa. Comer 0( N. Toney Pines 
IIICI U lalla SboIa Drive. FIlL 

SuIodoJ. Pcb. :lA. 1991 
.... _ - o.-.k poIInI,. 0I"Banbbu 
IIICI CaipIIM- will be ,...... cIuriot IIIe 
l.IIIIIena wonhIp.mcc. All an: welcome. 
Soup and SIIIdwIches are -.ed .... church. 
UniversIty Luthel'lll CbwcII. C_r of N. 
Torrey Pine$ and LA Jolil ShOfts Drive. Free. 

Tuesday, February 19, 1991 The U CSD G uardian 

SPORTS ~()TFS 

Ice Hockey Slides by UCLA, UCSB 
The UCSD ice hockey team 

traveled north where it defeated 
UCLA 5-200 Friday, and Cal State 
Northridge 6-0 on Saturday. 

The Tritons upped their record 
to 11-1 -2 to Slay on top of the 
Pacific Collegiate Hockey Asso-
ciation. 

Leigh Hsu led the Tritons with 
two goals in the first game, and one 
in the second. 

On Saturday. the defense ac-
counted for four of the six Triton 
goals. 

GOLF 
Continued from page 17 

In past years, Wydra has had to 
deal with very little support from 
players below the top six, but thinks 
thai the level of talent is more 
homogeneous across the team this 
year. 

Perhaps the team's depth is best 
exemplified by the po ition of re-
turning junior Gary Bong. 

Two years ago, Bong competed 
in the NCAA National Tournament 
for the second straight year and 
ended the season as the Tritons' 
number-two player. 

After taking a year off, Bong -
whose game hasn't significantly 
dropped off in that time - has 
returned to the links only to find 
that he has fallen to eighth on the 
UCSD depth chart. 

"We had 24 guys come out for 
the team this year, and 1 was only 
able to cut it down to 16," he said. 
"1 couldn't cut any more guys 
without letting go of some very 
good players." 

Devin Thomas, last year's 
number one player, retained that 
position after some early-season 
mishaps. lbomas started out the 
season further down the depth 
chart, but quickly regained his 
previous standiog by shooting a 
team-best one-under-par 71 at 
Friday's dual match versus Cal 
State Dominguez Hills. 

The top five is currently rounded 
out by junior Matt Stottern, junior 
transfer [from Orange Coast JC] 

FENCING 
The UCSD fencing tearn swept 

both the men's and women's 
competitions last weekend, at Long 
Beach. 

The women defeated Cal Tech 
124, USC 124, and CSU Fuller-
ton 11 -5. The men defeated Cal 
Tech 17·10. USC 21-6. and Cal 
Stale Fullerton 15-12. 

Chris Moody led the Tritons , 
going 9-0 in ~¢e competilion. 

Both teams are now 10-6 . 

h"8rn"8n File Photo 
Triton junior Devin Thomas 
Jeremy Moe, senior Bob Knee, 
and freshman Jim O'Grady. 

Wydra was particularly im· 
pressed by the play of O'Grady, 
who has made the traveling team 
despite the fact he is only in his 
first year at UCSD. 

"He is our middle linebacker," 
Wydra said. "He's about 6'3" ar.d 
190 pounds and can hit the ball as 
far as anyone who's ever played 
for me. Once he starts hitting the 
baIl for better accuracy, he'll be a 
very strong player for us." 

Wydra was less praiseworthy, 
however, ofKnc:c: who he said lacks 
the necessary commitment to his 
golf game. 

"He spends an awful lot of time 
playing intramurals," Wydra noted. 
"Because of that, he's really ajack-
of-aIl-trades but master of none." 

Photo courtesy of Don Hayes 
Chris Johnson awaits a pass. 

Wydra did, however. point to 
Knee's three-under·par 69 in the 
final round of last year's national 
meet as an indicator of his great 
potential . 

"If golfwasn 'l such a part-time 
pon for him, he could really be a 

sensalional player for us," Wydra 
said. 

The sixth spot i up for grabs 
between sophomore Tony Ager, 
returning player Bob Meyerson and 
Bob Warrington. 

"It's a real dogfight for sixth 
right now, but Tony is filling that 
spot for us at the moment ," Wydra 
said. 

Besides Methodist, Wydra ex-
pects his principal competition to 
come from local rival Cal State 
San Bernardino, which beat UCSD 
by 13 strokes in the Tritons' first 
match of the season. 

"They'removinguptoDivision 
II next season and have a very 
strong team this year," Wydra 
noted. 

Wydra believes that the Tritons 
should definitely finish in the top 
five nationally this season, and 
could be in the top three if they 
perform up to their potential at the 
national meet. 

Wydra's mind is currently fo-
cused on the upcoming Southern 
California Collegiate Champion-
ship at Torrey Pines. 

"We came in first [in the Divi-
sion III competitionjlast year and 
this year's competition should 
show me how good we're really 
going to be thi year," Wydra said. 

SPORTS IS 

Roberl'sAuto 

I ~", 

German, Swedish 
Japanese Service 

• All Work Fully Guaranteed 
• Factory-Trained Specialists 

• (619)275·1132 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-6:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-6 pm 

toOIlT~" 

4630 Mission Bay Dfive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

---------------------

10% OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

• E~plll1olor and Iro1l8miulOII overhaul. Not valid with any ollur coupon. 

Co TACT LENS 
$69 $89 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Sofl Lenses 

$149 $199 
Complet e Complete 

Brown eyes to blue 

Pro' .... OMI Servlc. • quality Eyecar. • Re.lSOIublle Prices 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

(Off.r 3/31 /91 ) 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

r-----------------------------------------------------, 

SAVE 40% 
SWEATPANTS. T-SHIRTS • TANKS • SWEATSHIRTS 
Fabulous selection of hot new designs and colorsl 
• T-SHIRTS NOW JUST $7.20- $10.80 

Regular priCE? $12-$18 
• TANKTOPS NOW JUST $6.60 

Regular price $11 
• SWEAT SHIRTS NOW JUST $14.40-$18 

Regular price $24-$30 
Coupon offer not good on shorts. W11h coupon only thru 2/24/91 . Supply and styles limited. 

wj>aciiic ~ye5 & T& 
The California Attitude 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE . 8855 VILLA LA JOLLA DRIVE #401 • 535-0365 L __________________________ _____ _ _____________________ ~ 



16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 19, 1991 

Track and Field Misses the·Ants in Hunt at UC Irvine 
By Greg Wrenn 
Guardi8ll Reporter 

The UCSD track and field team 
went hunting this weekend. stalk-
ing it prey in the wilds of the UC 
Irvine track stadium on Saturday. 
When the afari was over. the 
Tritons had bagged some Broncos 
and a couple of Roadrunners. They 
mi ed. however. the big target: 
the indigenou Anteaters. 

Competing in their first real 
meet of the eason. the Tritons 
went up against two Division [I 
foe in Cal Poly Pomona and Cal 
State Bakersfield. and a tough Di-
vi ion I opponent in VC Irvine. 

Led by n couple of out stand ing 
indiv idual performance. the 
women snared second place. fall-
ing only to VCl 90-52. 

Shannon Quigley had a fie ld 

day against her opponents and be-
came UCSD's only double winner 
of the day by winning both the 
discus and the shot put. Her trium-
phant discus throw sailed 150'9", 
16 feet further than teammate 
Debbie Hargrove's second place 
toss of 134 '7". Quigley went on to 
capture first in the shot put with a 
heave of 43' I ". Both marks were 
good enough to qualify for the 
NCAA champion hip . 

Erica Washington also proved 
to be an NCAA qualifier with her 
second place finish in the 100 
meters in 12.39 second . The 
ophomore continued to shine in 

th 200 meter dash, blasting to a 
winning time of 25.29 econd . 

Head Coach Mark Stanforth 
was obviou Iy pleased with the 
performance of Washington and 

FULL SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff Tanning System 

THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 
-------------------$32 

Exp. 3/5/9t 

1 Month Tanning for 
Call lor details 

--------------------

:\~ORD ~~~ 
c, 

Cosla Verde Center 
8650 Genesee Ave. Ste.214 
Son Diego, CA. 92122 
(619)558-1858 

Quigley. He would not, however, 
call them much of a surprise. 
Washington placed second at last 
year's national meet in the 100 
meters, and Quigley finished sec-
ond in both the shot and the discus 
at the same meet. 

In addition, Quigley won na-
tional titles in both events the year 
before. 

Other winners for the women 
were Bobbie Octavo who hurled 
the javelin 129'6" - a fulll2and 
a half feet further than runner-up 
Kristi Kaufmann of Irvine. 

Jennifer Jagielski broke the tape 
first in the 400 meter high hurdle 
with a time of 1:07.39. 

Jagiel ki had plenty of Triton 
to keep her company near the fin-
i h line, as Vicki Dunckley and 
Diane Keller pLaced second and 

fourth respectively. 
The UCSD men did not share in 

as much success as their counter-
parts. Edging out Cal Poly Pomona 
by one point, the Tritons squeezed 
into third place. 

Like the women, some out-
standing individual efforts helped 
pace the squad. 

Awesome may not be too 
powerful a word to describe the 
perfonnance of Scott Sargent. His 
winning throw in the hammer of 
194'0" was only two feet off of his 
mark at last year's NCAA meet. 
Second place went to teammate 
Jeff Taylor. 

Sargent ' throw, however, was 
in a different area code, landing 
44'7" in froOl of Taylor' and 
qualifying Sargent for the NCAA 
national meet. 

It's really not hard to figure out 
why Stanforth caUs Sargent, "by 
far the best in Divsion m. He won 
the NCAA title last yearby 15 feet. 
He's one of the top coUegiate 
throwers in any division." 

In addition to the win in the 
hammer, Sargent placed fourth in 
the shot put and second in the 
discus. 

Besi des Sargent, UCSD's 
CurtisCassset anew chool record 
in the javelin with a throw of 
166'5", while David Tomlinson 
provided a win in the pole vault, 
clearing 14'9". 

"We've got a real solid team, 
with no big holes anywhere in the 
lineup," Stanforth aid. 

"We'll get a real good look at 
the rest of the conference next week 
[at Cal State Los Angeles)." 

Bey 0 n d S PEE D READING 

SPEED READING! 
SPEED LEARNING 

Small Group or Individual Ses ions 
(By appointment) 
534·7344 

Presented by UCSD's Reading Specialist 
Study Management Center 

USB 4010 

• Quiche · Danishes 

Are you a college 
student who worked 

during 1990? • Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads • Gourmet Coffee 
• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 

Uncle ic/" ay "Caffi ille is brain /ood, a gel 
tho C sYllapses a-blastin' Ol'er at our hOllse.·· 

OPEN 7 AM - 5 PM • 7 Days a Week· 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court· Del Mar 

(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(frt'(' cotl.SIII/ClfIOll unci tllilm llrt'(ll m elll 15 tllI lI S_1() t '(I/", • .' Flr'St-t in;(t C/I(' /JlJ mtll' ,r 

Eyebfows 

Upper lip 

Chin 

Underarms 
Breast 

Siomach 

Br "' line 
Fongers 
Legs 
Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American I\kli".11 AS~OCl"tlon 
a pprol<.'d II1clitocb for prohkm 
CI:-.c~ .lnd '>t! n~itiw ~ klll 

• Mcdicil .lIld cmmcllc cle,!IOI~~i~ 
fo r mcn ~ nd women 

• Female ~tJfT. ~! .ltc lie. !CChnlCi.lIl~ 

558-0888 
Alexander's ElectrolYSiS 
Lajoila Village Professlorwl Center Bebilld Elepballt Bar 
8950 Villa La j o/la Dr. II! ~ 12 1 • Expires 3/19t'Jt 

Maybe IRS owes you 
a tax refund! 

We have a "Refund Analyzer''ThI computer program (5" IBM 
compatible disk) that analyzes your tax situation. Answer these 
five Yes/No questions to see if it can help you. 

Ye No 

( ) 

( ) 
( ) 
( ) 

1. My income is only from W-2s and interest. 

2. I'm single with no dependents. 

) ( ) 3. I have no deductions, including an IRA. 
( ) ( ) 4. I'm between 14 and 64 years of age. 
( ) ( 5. My total income for 1990 was less than $20,000. 

If you answered yes to iill five questions, then our program will 
help you. To receive the Refund Analyzer™, just send $4.95 
check or money order to: 

Student Tax Service 
P.O. Box 880194 
San Diego, CA 92168 

Include your name and return address. 

Tuesday, February 19, 1991 

M.HOOP 
Continued from peg. 24 
been a key to the team's success all 
year, held the Coyotes to a paltry 
32 percent from the floor. Darvin 
lackson led the way for the Tritons 
with five steals. 

"We really took them out of the 
game [i n the second half)," 
Marshall said. 

"We believe our offense is 
generated from our defense. As 
long as we are forcing the action ... 
we'll be in a position to get steals 
and turnovers." 

The Tritons, ranked first in the 
west and fifth in Division m, were 
led by Tim Rapp's 22 points. Tom 
Shawcroftadded 14.andRickBalt 
contributed 12 points. 

Gordon McNeill pulled down 
10 rebounds to go with his 10 
points. 

Chris Moore and Andy Swindall 
came off of the bench to tum in 
strong performances for the Tri-
tons, as did lohn Spence and 
Rodney Lusain. 

Dan Nelson led the way for San 
Bernardino with 12 points and 
pounded the boards for an im-
pressive 14 rebounds. 

"[We've) comedown a big, big 
road,"Marshall said. "I think we've 
done a great job. I'm very positive. 
We've done a lot of work to get 
here." 

GOLF 
Continued from page 24 
rules in Division m - and the 
Tritons could never quite keep up 
wi th the Warriors' clearly superior 
talent. 

Things seemed to be brighten-
ing up for Wydra and his Tritons 
when Stanislaus finally decided to 
officially play at the Division II 
level and quit beating up on the rest 
of Division m. 

Unfonunately, Wydra's cham-
pionship hopes were quickly 
dashed by the emergence of another 
(apparently) 'less-than-honest' 
Division m school - Methodist 
College (NC). 

According to Wydra, Method-
ist offers a major in "professional 
golf management" and gives out 
athletic "talent" grants to its golf-
ers which are tantamount to the 
athletic scholarships offered at 
higher-division programs. 

"No one in Division m can 
compete with them," Wydra said. 
"How can you expect to keep up 
with a team that had 140 guys 
come out for the team last year?" 

Methodist 's dominance was 
very apparent at last season's Di-
vision ill national championships. 
where they swamped the field by 
40 strokes. 

"[As long as Methodist is in 
Division ill) . the real Division III 
Channpionship goes to the team 
that comes in second," Wydra said. 

This season, Wydra believes 
that his Tritons could very well 
end up as the best Division ill 
squad outside of North Carolina. 

The Tritons return several 
golfers from last year's squad 
which placed tenth overall at na-
tionals, and have added several 
new golfers who have quickly 
played into position to be among 
the team's top six. 

Wydra was particularly enthu-
siastic about the number of solid 
golfers he has at his disposal and 
called this season's group "the 
deepest squad I've ever had." 

See GOLF, Page 15 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 17 

Monthly PaYlnent Plans! 

up to Last Chance to Order 
at 1990 Prices! 

Order Now - Pay Later! 

Stop by Today_ 

COlLEGE JEWELRY 

LJCSD Price Center Plaza 
I ! t J( 11 <. • , I f II I I February 19, 20, 21 10 aln - 3 pm 

Deposit Required - $30.00 



18 SPORTS 

Includes: Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service pnces reg. $21·$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To insure faster service. it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

CAll RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 days: M-F-S 9-6 pm; T-W-T 9-8 pm 

"'Ai~ 
G~?FliCS _ 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 

MEN-WOMEN 

ACHIEVE YOUR BEST 
IN 

ACTUARIAL SCIENCE 
ON· AMPU INTERVIEW 
Tue da , February 26, 1991 

8:30 a.mA:30 p,rn, 
Career ervices enter 

'- ign up today. 

G,·t,,1l ",1 gr~,l1 ~Iart II'" ral'ldh' ~r"I\In~ I w(''!>5llln With \lm'llhh~ le:aJ"r, In 
Ih~ fm,mClal ~r\'ln'S mdustry - Tramamcrica Life mpanies. 
\Ve offer our ~H..tlli'rJC' nUn'll'fOll' npr,lrtuOItlt'\ to mll\l" thrl''Iughulit the 
comp<lIlV. l )ur Inl~n"w lr;lInlll~ IllduJl'" two I'nlf.,'Tam' thaI will I",llh ~ nu 10 

d~\'el<lI'.l'n,~, m"rh'l ,mt! rl'port Ih~ fln.Ill",,1 rNiull. Ilf ~ \'an~rv of prlxlll\!' 
In il l"'Irn(lt .. mntl\'~lte\.~ l'n\ tn.mmt..'nt 
F ul1~ Time Positions - R''ljlllrl' a ,rronl( math h,11 k~".ound ,111,\ th,' 
SUcCI' ,[ul wml'lenon of a mlllimum 01 IWO or more Q wan al ~Xamlllatl(lI1' 
Summer Positions Pc"gnl'J In I:I\'C .,lUll ·nt,. u,uallv llllll')!r 
"'I'I1,'mmc, or JUnior.,. ,In men It'\\ "1 Ihl' Ill'uran," mdu~tr, thmu~h hant!, · 
\In "<Irk I'xl'cncl1u:. ReqUIre, th,' ,",,,,,,,Iul (llllll'leriOIl of a nlllllmUm Ilf ,'m' 
att"uan.lll' :\.lmlnntH.)Il . 

At T ran,nnw", a l.1('· e,mll"lnll·'. "ou'lllln,\,llllh,' ~rn" lh ., '1'I'llrlUnltl~' ,lilt! 
lh'lilencc' ,'Ull nl'cd ttl achlcv" \llllr I'wft"'il,'n,lllx' t In r~lurn ft'r \"'ur 
l'X1'1.·rll'" \H' I'flwlJe a CIlml"'!HIW 'alan' alld ,Ill 111,\" IdIlJlh -cu,toml:l-ti 
[ ... :nell!, I'al bc~ . 

_ TRANSAMERICA 
Life Companies 

.\ RI..IM;Tn.ilTflf,R /\ Tlr~ h~\T/\)/ J( \ 
\\ 1~lTl""'''ll.l·l\ .. ups ..... 'rt "',1I.11"n,.rrunlt\ .md .Itflrm.ut\l" .h t!\)n 

\'( t~m ... n .IOJ nlIO\lrlt" ..... 1fl' ,r,(.,~I" l·n'-"ur.' ..... "! tI.' ~'1'11h 
"TLt h.l~ a ... m~.'kt· trl'C v.\lrk I'IA~t· .. 

1/2 OFF 
Perms &. Highlights 

And all chemlcat work. Long hillr exIra. 
flrsl·orne dIems. 

We $oeddlize In allll)(mS of hlghlightfng ~ 
'oloring &. long half penns. 

311ft IIEQi 
M nicures, Pedicures ~ adals! 

41 30 La lola 
Village Dr. 
Suite 11208 
(next to Anthony s) 

457 .. 2004 
Open 7 days a week 

Exp.3/5/91 

The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 19, 1991 

Tritons Pick Up I~~ity ~vel 
• 'Cured' men's volleyball knocks 
off Menlo and Santa Clara 
By Joel Kurzman 
Staff Writer 

UCSD men's volleyball Head Coach Digger 
Graybill appears to have cured UCSD's case of 
indifferent play, as a fired up Triton squad convinc-
ingly swept its weekend matches against Menlo 
and Santa Clara. 

Following Tuesday night's lackluster performance 
against La Verne, Graybill vowed to remedy his 
team 's performance by stepping up practices. 

The new approach apparently worked, as UCSD 
defeated Menlo 15-9, 16-14, 13-15, 17-15, andSanta 
Clara 15-13,9-15, 15-0, 15-8. 

The Tritons first vented their anger on Menlo, with 
a succe sion of brutal spikes that had the Oaks duck-
ing for cover. The key game w the founh, after 
Menlohad truggled to a hard-fought 13-15 win in the 
third game. The win drew the match closer at 2-1. 

The two teams battled fiercely in the fourth game, 
as the score was deadlocked six time . Menlo fought 
back from a 14-10 deficit to knot the game at 15-15, 
only to fall 17- 15. 

Gerry Goldstein and Rob Crotty led UCSD with 
24 and 20 kills respectively, and Lawrence Werner 

Brian Unlrrl .. /('.;,IRrt1i,m 
John Lee and Lawrence Werner stuffed this 
Menlo spike in a 15-9, 16-14, 13-15, 17-15 win. 

added 12 blocks. 
Although Graybill offered praise to both sides, he 

was particularly pleased with his young squad's com-
po ure. "They were able to win the close ones," 
Graybill said. "We were able to step it up a notch." 

After finding themselves outsized at the net in the 
second game, the Tritons went to a 6-2 offense, 
maintaining three front row attackers at one time. 

The intensity apparently carried over into 
Saturday' match againstlhe Bronco. After splitting 
the first two games, the Tritons' luck made an about 
face in the third game, due in pan to new strategy. 

The result was a 15-0 rocking of Santa Clara in the 
third game. The Broncos' score Ie s streak was ex-
tended to 20 straight points in the founh game before 
they cored again. 

Although it was outblocked 31-18, UCSD placed 
five players in double digits in kills. Lam on Lam led 
the way with 28, and Goldstein added 19. 

Women's Tennis Gains Upper Hand 
By Aaron Friedland 
Staff Wn'/er 

UCSD women' tennis Head 
Coach Liz LaPlante attributed 
UCSD's 6-3 victory over second-
ranked Pomona-Pitzer on Friday 
to her player's mental toughness. 

Perhap during practice last 
week, the Tritons had trength-
ened their p yche by pondering 
question like 'What came first? 
The chicken or the egg?' in between 
forehand drills. 

Whatever the ca e, it proved 
effective. By the time the doubles 
matches began, the third-ranked 
Triton (2-1) had already clinched 

BITS 
Continued from page 24 
past year, and they're 0-265. They 
won't make the NCAA Tourna-
ment, their fan base is the size of 
Strawberry (CA), and the ratings 
fall ju t below She's tire Sheriff. 

• The Milwaukee Bucks' man-
agement must be out of its mind. 
Trade Ricky Pierce to the Seattle 
Supersonics for Dale Ellis? The 
Sonics get one of the league's top 

the victory by winning five of the 
ix ingles matche . 

"We knew that they would be 
physically tough," LaPlante said. 
"We had to be patient and not rush 
things." 

The Tritons' mental strength 
was evident in the number one 
ingles match. Although she fell ill 

before the match, Robyn Inaba's 
consistent baseline game proved 
to be too much for Shelley Keeler 
in a 6-3, 6-4 victory. 

UCSD's only single 'Ioss was 
at number two, whereCarlaNicolas 
fell 6-3, 6-4 to Erin Hendricks. 
Nicolas, noted for her quickness 

sixth men, a guy who can come off 
of the bench and light up the 
scoreboard at a point a minute. 

The Bucks on the other hand, 
receive Ellis, who can't spell pass 
(don't fake lhis literally, Dale), gets 
in more fights than Mike Tyson, 
and by teammates' accounts. has 
the dispo ition of a wounded fish. 

On the olher hand. he call 
score ... 

o The A 's hired Reggie Jackson 
as a pan-time television com men-

,~IHl]]~o 
. ........... 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
.. 

and stamina, couldn't handle 
Hendricks' aggressive volleying 
game. 

Other singles' highlights in-
cluded Janet Whalen 's 7-5, 7-5 
win over Brenda Pierce, and 
Amanda Lynch downing Karen 
Tsai in straight sets, 6-3, 6-4. 

In doubles play, the Tritons went 
1-2, In the featured match at num-
berone doubles, Inabaand Whalen 
fell to Keeler and Hendricks, 6-7, 
6-2,6-0. 

Keeler and Hendricks were 
ranked first in the nation before the 
season started. Inaba and Whalen 
were ranked third. 

tator and part-time coach. Exactly 
how does this work? See objectiv-
ity go flying out the window like a 
jumper on a caffeine rush. 

Oooooh, and he gelS to work 
with Monty Moore . Now there , sail 
evening of televisioll 10 look for-
ward to . 

o Socker Update: They selected 
Tom Loeber of South Carolina in 
the first round of the MISL draft. 
JUSl because you care. 

o Fred McGriff? Yikes. 

.~ 

Tuesday, February 19, 1991 

Men's Lacrosse Finds 
Hope in Two Losses 
By Doug Shaddle 
Staff Writer 

It might seem contradictory for a team to feel 
encouraged by two losse ,but that is how the UCSD 
men ' lacrosse team (4-3 overall, 2-0 in conferen e) 
appeared after 10 ing to Berkeley and UC Santa 
Barbara thi weekend. 

In Saturday's 12-7 loss against Berkeley (5-1). 
UCSD was haunted by it in on i tent play. Even 
though, the Tritons fought the Bears to a 6-4 halftime 
deficit, and senior Juan Millan cored three goals in 
the second half, the Triton fell apart defen ively, 
giving up four unan wered goals in the third period. 

The 10 s appeared to deflate the Tritons. as It gave 
rise to some pessimism on the part of coaches and 
team members. 

The UCSD Guardian 

"We have the talent, but we just can't bring it 
together," Coach Bob McLeod sBld. "In the big 
game , we psych ourselves out." 

UCSD appeared to fit that fonnula Sunday, as UC 
Santa Barbara jumped out to a 7-1 first quarter lead. 
But in the second quarter, the Tritons came alive 
behind senior goalie Tony Prestigiacomo (20 ave) 
and junior Ed Cheng (four goals, one assi t). At 
halftime, UCSD trailed 8-5. 

Guardian File Photo 
Team captain Sven Haynie managed to find 
something positive in the Tritons' two losses. 

on two outside goal. with two minutes left in the 
game. 

The Tritons, however, did manage to find some 
light in the 12-11 heartbreaker. 

The econd half was a showcase for the Triton 
offense. Four player totalled six goals, led by Jake 
Azevedo (three goals, two as ist ) and Cheng. 

"We finally put it together as a team," senior Sven 
Haynie said. ''I'm happy to ee we can mount a 
comeback." 

Taking advantage of several Gaucho penalties, 
UCSD fought to an 11-10 lead, only to lose the game 

"We relaxed and playea our game" Prestigiacomo 
said. "We now know we can win these hard game~." 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from page 24 
tie. Mora then drove Fogg home 
With a single to left which upped 
the score to 2-0. 

Harnack, however, was disap-
pointed that the Tritons did not get 
more out of the base loaded-none 
out situation. 

"We should have taken advan-
tage of our three men on base and 
scored more runs," she said. 

Hindight, of course, i alway 
20-20, and this wa no exception. 
The Panthers rallied for four run~ 
in the top of the eventh to take the 
lead. 

The score was tied 2-2 when 
Chapman centerfielder Christy 
Wur terslammedatnpleintodeep 
right field bringing two Panthers 
home, and nailing down the vic-
tory. 

For the Tritons, it was a case of 
preseason worries (an ineffective 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
• ARE YOU • • • 
• C O R • • • • • • • • • 
• BLIND? • • • • • 
• • 
• Earn $5 per hour participating in • • 

experiments on color vision. • • 
• 

If you know or suspect that you are color deficient, • • 
contact: Ethan Montag, Department of Psych., • 

• 534-2999 • 
• 

Relvm subiec1s are welcome. • 
• 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

offen e and a strong defen~e) com-
ing all to true. 

"It wa just a time when strong 
offene outplayed our Mrong de-
fense," Chaiken aid. 

Dianna Moreno (0-1) went the 
distance for UCSD on the mound 
to take the loss. 

The Tritons have to hope that 
the offense can come alive by Feb. 
22 when they face arch-rival Cal 
State San Bernardino in a double-
header. 

Diet 
Center!· 
1 be "I'II</)I·/"SS /iro/l"iJ/() /Itl/'.' 

STUDENT DISCOUNT 
Free Consultation, 
459-5979 
7467 CUVIER 

(off Pearl) 
Dally Diet Tips call 
1-(900)-990-TIllN 

9SCpt:rlTlln ':I ,50 fir..lm,n 

SPORTS 19 

Going from Bad to Worse 
• Baseball sneaks 
past Occidental 2-1 , 
but gets swept by The 
Master's 4-2 and 7-5 
By Rex Grayner 
Staff Writer 

Nobody said it would be an 
easy road for the UCSD baseball 
team. But then again, nobody ex 
pected the Tnton~ to 10 e sight of 
the road completely. 

The Tritons (1-5) slipped by 
ri val Occidental 2-1 on Friday, but 
were swept by TIle Master's Col-
lege on Saturday, 4-2 and 7-5. 

Head Coach Lyle Yates feels 
hiS Tntons have a long way to go to 
regain their past reputation as a 
compelltlVl'; ballclub. 

'We ar ot a vel)' good team 
right now,' Yates ~;lId. 

"I exp d our offen e to be 
much mort lroduchve than wc've: 
shown in, r first six games We 
aren't ex IlIng 10 key slluation~ 
against te .. 11S we should beat" 

The Tnrons did manage to win 
an important game FmJay, as they 
tamed the Tigers 2-1. 

In a pitching duel between 
UCSD's Brent H'l1l~en and 0..:-
cldental' Isidro Rodriguez, the 
Tntons touched Rodngucz for two 

run~ on four hi I, III the Sixth 10-
nmg. This turned out to h' the 
decldlllg fae tor III the game. 

Amhon) Sanchez and Steve 
owlan carne through with run-

scoring singles to secure the VIctOry 
for Hansen (I-I), who went the 
distance for the Truons, allowmg 
Just fourhits and three walk, while 
striking out eight in nine innings. 

On Saturday, UCSD hoped to 
avenge last season's performance 

against The Master's, in which the 
Tritons were swept in three games. 

The Tritons dropped the opener 
4-2 in a game that saw theiroffense 
and defense fall apan. The Tritons 
produced a measly five hits and 
committed four errors behind 
staning pitcher Ryan Flanagan. 

"We're not in sync right now," 
Yates said. "Some days, our hining 
and fielding will be better than our 
pitching, and vice versa." 

E-lanagan (0-1), in his fourth 
appearance of the year, went six 
and one third Innings, allowing two 
earned run on seven hits, and 
striking out six In a lo~ing cause. 

BIY n Thomason, who relicv.:d 
F1ana!: II in the scventh Inning of 
the fi r 'arne, started th ' nightcap, 
and pit hed four scoreless inning, 
before run out of gas in the fifth 

Thc Mustangs touched Thom-
ason and reliever Denny Kubln~~i 
for five run in the fifth en route to 
a 7-5 win. 

UCSD, which opened the game 
with a run in the fiN, did bounce 
bac~ with four runs III the sixth to 
lie the game. Fm.t baseman red 
White, who had been slumpin~ 1 
the plate, sparked thc Inning with a 

ha~es-Ioaded double off the 
centerfield wall. Whrte was 3 for6 
In the doubleheader 

UCSD's sixth inmn ' rally was 
~hllt down, however. as the Tritons 
tramkd the go-ahcatl run on sec-

ond base to end the Inning. 
"That wa~ the game rightthere," 
Yate~ said. "We stopped them m 
the top of the seventh. If we [had] 
sc red that run we would've won." 

Kubin ki, in his fir-.! appearance 
since coming offrehabilrtation for 
an injured elbow, went two and 
two-thirds innings to take the loss. 

2 TANS $'1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

[ 30 TAN DAYS $29 
A.~~~_ Call for delails • 2nd 30 Ian days $39 99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap - Only $48 

Nol a lerrporary water loss ' Reduce cellulite and stretch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455·0909 

W IJ TI~ 1]] TI~ 1]] ill ~ IE 0 
The Latest in Graphic Calcul ors 

HP48SX 

, 

I,' iii: ~~"'t!~/ I' 
, 

l~~~~~t: t==C>&l=~J I ~I 
1 1t?~~l~~-e.l ~ :!::l E1 e ~(~~,,:,U. Ell 

- ability' to imerla::e with any PC I ~ ~ ~i ~ ~i 
:::'l ~~ d =::l C;' 

- mo:e than 2100 tU:"Idions Ii:!". d c:J:::'} d' 
- S.hne Character gr""'hlCS LCD . dod 80' 

...... e:-~:0~ii'::1 1 
fo- draw and ear. capabiilty CbUbG.j~, 

~ 
11-81 
- matrices 
- over 300 functions 
- Constan! Memory saves 

data when unit is off 
- pull down menus for 

easy operating 

': ) ,i I 1-.-.. ., .... j 
I .• :"'~:"'" 
ilia , ._ -! 
S@~:::7c ' 
k;;:iEliG:iii16o' 

R~d....~:ti' 
P,:-... ~?;a.-.,.;y 

r.1-':!}>~:l 
"QQIU~ ' 
II;JIJ D-''' 
·Hui .... 
&1 l1li Qn:' 

r/lfiW HEWLETT 
.U~ P ACKARD UCSD BOOK 

WGM-A01S-3 '1191 

CASfO 
tx-7000G 
- zoom-ln leatur~ 
- ins:ant replay 
- overwrite leatU'e fo~ 

multiple fun::tio~ viE!WI"lg 
tx.soooo 
- 3.m-~t~ mem::rv 
- 26 orog-amnabie nam:> 

~s 
- 255 buill -I.'liurr'JOns 



20 CLASSIFIBDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides watmth, 
aducalion, prayer, socializing . Comect W11h 
Union 01 Jewish Studenlsl 502 Matthews: 
east of the Price Center. Call Rabbi Slotnick. 
534-2521. (In-3115) 
·You can no more win a war than you can 
win an eallhquake: Jeannette Rankin 
(1880-1973) (1117-2/24) 
Hewlett Plcbrd and NCR have hot 
fncernshlps for CSE and Engineering 
majors. ASIO. 534-4689 nowl (1128-2119) 
Boost your resumel Pick up an application 
for the Golden Key NatIOnal Honor Socl8ty/ 
at USB 4000. ApplicatIOnS due March 20th. 
JUniors and seniors with minimum 3 4GPA 
are eligible (1128-3114) 
Summer "PEACEWORK," a U.S.-Sovlel 
Vol un leer Program in Peru. July 24 to Aug 
18. Call Marcus Hewel forlnformation 535-
0863. (2111-2119) 
2 by AtNRTalrplenetJck'tl $40 ,ach I 
Leaves SO Sat. Feb 23 .. fly/returns 8:45 
Monday morning I (Oakland). First dlbs. 
535-0484. (2111-2/21 ) 
"The fect Is, the Pentagon keeps more 
secrets away from the American public 
than h keeps from our enemies because 
the Pentagon knows there would be a tax 
revolt if the public knew the details of waste 
and corruption In the military contract 
system: Andy Rooney. (21tl-21t9) 
When seconds count. breathe a Ihlle easier 
with MICRD-MED. The mlcrolilm medal 
1.0. Card Ihat could possibly save your life I 
MICRO-MED is an asset 10 everyone's hfe 
young/old,illiweli. Call Gabt'ielle (619) 546-
8014. (2111-2/28) 
Third College students Inlerested 10 Wilting 
lor and working on a studenl run college 
newspaper, stop by Ihe Third College 
Dean's OffICe. or call 534-4390. (2114-21 
28) 
MUSIC TECH '91 - Feb. 23rd and 241h. 
See the newest in pro audIO keyboards, 
guitars, drums. softwate, amps, and much 
moref Over a dozen perlormance clinics 
by hot studio musicians and awesome 
door prizes. Call NlewWorld MUSIC & Sound 
lor more info. 569-1944. (21t9·212 t) 
SHABBATONTHIS WEEKENDI Friday-
services. dinner. Saturday - selVlC8S, 
lunch, beach barbeque. Cost- $15 due 
Tue. Feb. 19 atJCC -502 MMC. (2119) 
JOB SECURITY FOR THE REST OF 
YOUR LIFE. Learn sales Irom a true 
professional and you will never worry again 
about your next paycheck. Sophomores 
- Juniors - Seniors - Attend Bob 
latrate'sseminar March 2.See ad pg. 3. (21 
19-2128) 
The San Diego Constitutional Integrity 
Alliance. in anticipation of the Feb. 25th 
Christic Institute oral arguments in the 
Miami Federal Appelate CoUll , presents a 
video: -Murder on lhe Rio San Juan," a 
documentary about the La Penca bombing 
-lhe basis olthe Chrislie Institute lawsuit. 
Thursday February 21 , 7:30p,m. University 
Lutheran Church and Studenl Center 9595 
La Jolla Shores Or. And letter writing project. 
Free. (2119-2121) 

FREE ESTIMATES 
NO OBLIGATION! 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments_ The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore , ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p .m, Monday for Thursday's issue, The! Guardian reserves the 
rig hI 10 refuse any advertising including but not limited (0 companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316, Actual address: Student Center A,topfloor. 

The Warren College Uterary-Alls Joumal 
deadline has been extended to Friday, 
February 22, B & Wall ,. poetry and prose. 
Cash prizes each category. Warren 
students only. Entry lorms and submissions 
10 MAAC.41 0 (Warren Writing). Questions 
- 534-3068. (2119-2/21) 
Papers typedl Ouick and affordable. From 
$21page. Call LJ Colony Resumes & 
Prolessional Typing. 455-8357. Laser 
printingl 60 typestyles 10 choose from I 
One day service available. (2119-317) 

See PInk Floyd'a "The W.II" Friday at 7 
and 9:30, Price Center. Admission: one 
dollar. (21t9-2/21) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari- Electrologist: 1200 10 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 HolidayCoulI. SIudent 
Discounls. 558-4644/226-1962. (1117-31 
14) 
TYPINGII I'll type your lerm papers, etc. 
qUICkly and InexpenSively. laser pllnler. 
Call Jennifer 546-1856. (1122·2/21) 
PASSPORT PICTURESII New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wa~ . Xeroxes 
and more. Near St. Germains. 452-9949. 
(1122-616) 
Smm TRANSFER III Convell 6mm IiIms to 
VHS. For one low price I Call nowl 619-
272-0868. (1128-2128) 

TUTORING Math, Physics, Engineering, 
Computer Programming. Mark 221-7176 
(1131-2/19) 

WORD PROCESSING: Papers, Theses, 
Dissertalions, Resumes, Highest Oual~y 
- Lo_st Prices, laser Jet III, Campus 
Pickup. 632-7974. (214-2/25) 

MOTORCYCLE & SCOOTER sales. 
services , and accessories. Student 
discountsllf Same day personalized service 
on most repairs. Look lor Guardian ad-
close to campus. MIRAMAR CYCLES. 
578-7510. (214-2119) 
ELECTROLYSIS FOR FREE? Geez 
Louise- that's worth checking out! Please 
see the Monday display ad for Alexander's 
Electrolysis or cell 558-0888 for the whole 
scoop. (2/7-2119) 

AUTO REPAIR YOU CAN AFFORDI Wrth 
the Guardian ad lor SUlplnsion Plul 
enjoy FREE Inspections and alignment 
checks and low cost specials on brake 
jobs, oil changes, and front end alignment. 
Close to campus on Mllamat Rd. 558-
8562 (2/7-2/21) 
COMPUTER RENTALS. Daily, weekly, 
monthly rates. Hourly rentals on-site by 
appointment. Close to UCSD. 581-6892 
(2/7-2/28) 
TAX PREPARATION. Very Iccurate and 
reliable. Close to campus and student 
discounts. Call MIKE: 558-7853 (2/7-3111) 

FREE COsl Check out the Music TrIdIr 
ad in this Issue or call the Miramar Store I 
693-1469 (2/7-2119) 

T yping/Word Processing-Fast,Accurate. 
Pick up and delIVery. Call Sandy, 755-
43 16. (2/7-2/25) 
OONTNEGLECTYOUR NAILS I Getthem 
In shape lor upcoming formals and social 
events. Specials Include acryfics lor $18.99. 
hils $12, manicures & pedicures only 
$15.95, Also waxing and faCials . NAILS 
BY JENNIFER. 560-0325, (2/7-2/21) 
Tutor lor Music 1 01 B needed. Pay is $8Ihr. 
Call Emily at 558-4643. (211 4-2119) 
English tutoring by College Instructor. All 
levels. Private and small-group sessions. 
Current reles. 462-5682. (2114-2/21) 
Have you received your W-2 lorm yet? If 
nol, notify your employer because you 
may qualify lor an income tax refund . Find 
out more. Just look lor the Studenl Tax 
Service ad in teday's Guardian. (2114-2/28) 

JOB SECURITY FOR THE REST OF 
YOUR LIFE. Learn sales from a true 
prolessional and you will never worry again 
about your next paycheck. Sophomores 
- Juniors - Seniors - Attend Bob 
lalrate'sseminar March 2. See adpg. 3. (21 
t9-2128) 

Math tutoring. Competent, caring, help for 
Ihose overwhelmed. Oon~ be distressed. 
Student rales, call, 483-7816. (2119-3/11) 

FACIAL, BOOVWRAP, WAXING, LASH-
TINT, 20"1. off first time clients. Pinwheels 
Costa Verde, 558-1858. (2119-317) 

BRAKE JOBS 
starting at 

$24.95 

Let me de itl Professional word processing. 
I'll work with you to produce a quality 
paper. Editing as requested/any format. 
PickuplDelivery, student rates. Call Sue@ 
291-1355. (2119-2121) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: Word 
Processing, Reports, Sp.eches, 
~,Man~, Pr--.tationa. 
Experienced. Laser. Student Ratesl 753-
5964. (2119) 

WANTED 
Need CI8h? WedlllYerl Domino'. PIzza 
is now hiring for all pos~ions . Management 
oppollunities available. Complete training 
program. ff you are t8 years old, have e 
valid drivers license, auto insurance, an 
excellent driving record, and access to a 
car, you can: Eam up to $10/ hr. (tolal 
comp.) Enjoy the freedom of being on the 
road, work flexible hours. APPLY TODAYI 
Domino's Pizza UCSD 3211 Holiday Ct. 
452-UCSD. Please apply alter 3p.m. (11 

10~6) 

Summer management internship 
inlerviews now taking place. Gain valuable 
experience managing a team of employees , 
cuslom.rs, and suppliers. Successlul 
applicants will undergo extensive training. 
Average summer earnings range $8-
15,000. Call -SIudent Painters- lor 
information. 1-800-426-6441 . (1/22-311 I ) 

Mledical and Graduate students-help tutor 
Medical Students in Basic Sciences starting 
March 19, 1991 . Earn $151hr. Contact Dave 
Hacker 714-856-4037. (1131-314) 

Tired 01 low wages and long hours? Do you 
want to eam more? (619) 758-4602. (214-
4/25) 

BASS PLAYER WANTED by lormingrock 
band. Must have rhythm, be creative, and 
open minded. Lee 562-5982, Chris 558-
4598. (2/7-2119) 
I need 200 people desiring wealth without 
the corporate rat race. Call 271-4940 for 
informalion. 271-4940 (2/7-512) 

Wantecll 00 people. We'II pay you $$ to 
lose 10-29 Ibs. in just 30 days I Doc1or 
Recommended. 1 00% Guaranteed. 1 (BOO) 
487-3230. (2114-2121) 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! & 8680 Bnng IIl1s ad. aler expires 3I1919t , 
Mon.-Fri. 8*5 
Sat. 9-2 549·8233 AUTOMOTIVE UCSD • 

• MirIIInI 

Only 7 miles from UCSDI Take Miramar Rd, left on Camino Ruiz, then left on 7"lJ;';;v::: .. =er;:'.-i-.... II::::_=::O:I\cI::-. ---+-
Mllalanl Olive, up hill to 8680 Mlla lanl Dr. SUite .101 In back. Written guarantee quality parts. L ______ __ ___________________________________ ~ 

Tuesday, February 19, 1991 

Typist Gaf. Friday for beach attorney. 
Typewriter prel. 2 hrsIday. 3 days. 792-
6864 Joe. (2114-2119) 

POSITION AVAILABLE AT LAW FIRM-
NOEXPERIENCE NECESSARY. FILING, 
OCCASIONAL BOOKKEEPING, ASSIST-
ANCE AT COURT, GOOD GRAMMAR 
AND PUNCTUATION SKILLS. TUES-
DAYS AND THURSDAYS, 9:00 TO 7:00. 
454-9101. (2114-2119) 

Spend your summer conducting research 
at lhe NatIOnal Center for AtmospheriC 
Research, a pnvale. non-prof" corporation 
sponsored by Ihe National SCience 
Foundation. NCAR's Summer Employment 
Program (SEP) is oHered 10 minority 
undergraduate students int rested In the 
sciences and engineering. Compensation 
for the program consists 01 round trip au 
fare to and from Boulder. housing, and a 
monthly slipend. The 1991 program dates 
will be approximately June 10 to August 
16. To be considered lor the progrllTl, 
complete applicalion packets must be 

~ no later than March 8,1.1. For 
more information or an application packet, 
contact Rebecca Campbell-Howe, Human 
R8SOIM'ClI Administrator, P.O. Box 3000, 
Boulder, CO 80307, or phone (303) 497-
8717. NCAR is an affirmative action/equal 
opportunity employer. (2114-2119) 

Envelope Stuflers Needed Locally. For 
Information Send S.A .S.E. J.E,K. 
Enterprises, P.O. Box 73601 Davis, CA 
95616. (2114-2119) 

FULL TIME RESEARCH ASSISTANT 
PSYCHIATRY DEPT. UC IRVINE t -2 
YEAR POSITION. Statlstlcal, computer, 
clinical, research experience prelerable. 
Work with PET, MRI data. For more 
inlormation call : Chad (714) 856-786t . (21 
14-2/25) 

Opponunity and rewatding experience: I'm 
looking lor five motivated students who 
Wish to gain valuable sales and matkeling 
experience I While acheivlng your degree. 
Part time welcome. Call 270-6567, 2 p.m. 
10 4 p.m. (2119-2121) 

Wanted: Subjects from Boston area needed 
lor music perception experiment. No music 
experience necessary. $1 OIhour. Call Dine 
al 558-1385. (2119-2/25) 

Seeklemale lor bowling team next qUaller. 
Sunday nights 9-11 p.m. Call Soo, 578-
6843. (2119-2121 ) 

Part time help needed for busy postal 
business. Apply mo Regents Rd. 1113. 
(Von's Center). (2119-2128) 

Jewish co-ed residential camp seeks 
counselors and specialists. Capital Camps, 
located in the beautiful Catoctin Mountains, 
one hour from Washington, D.C. offers 
tennis, water sports, nature, arts, video. 
gymnastics. radio, drama, journalism etc. 
If you ate enterested In the challenges and 
excitement of working with campers in 
grades 3-1 0, _ want you on our team. 
Good .... ,....gr.tfunIOUrdirectorwili 
be on campus the _k of February 18. 
For more information and an appointment, 
call 1-800-783-2208. (211 9) 

Hypnotherapy 
for $59! 

(Students only) 
Weight loss 
No smoking 

Stress 

CALL NOW 
546-0766 

THE GOOD HEALTH 
HYPNOTHERAPY CUNIC 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr .• 1200 

La Jolla, CA 92037 

Tuesday, February 19,1991 

FOR SALE 
FUTONS BY WEIGHT. Californ ia 
Administrative Code-Title 4 Chapter 3, 
Article 2, Section I 12G, D-l0-requires a 
futon's filling net weight be known. We Idd 
ticking (natural) and selt futons for $1 .401 
pound. (Grossw8lghl onOU'sealed DeIecIo 
scale.) An 8" queen, 70 pounda. 6 layers, 
is $98. The number 01 layers in a Man is 
hogwash. Always know the weight to 
compare shop and be sure, For poIycore 
addS22 ($210). Rolh'sWatehouse, 4807-
F Mlercury Street. Thursdays, 12-7 p.m.: 
Fridays, 12-6 p.m .. Saturdays, 10 a.m.-5 
p.m., Sundays, 11 a.m.-4 p,m. 292-4673. 
(In-2125) 

SHARP LAPTOP for sale. 640K RAM, 
40Mb HD, 7201< 3.5* FD, LCD with CGA. 
Includes Avarex 1200E external modefTI. 
printer cables, carrying case, and over 
20Mb of IBM and PO software. Great for 
Ihe studenl on the go, $t6OOlfirm. Call 
259-7639 leave message. (214-2121) 

Futon - beautiful color, &peciaJ frame, 
upgraded fealures, includes tables, new. 
sacrilioe $95, can deliver 226-1398. (214-
2/28) 
1989-1990Yearbooks are herlill Available 
et UCSD Bookstore CoUegiatl Shop (2nd 
Floor) - $29.95. (2111-2121) 

Mien's Ski Boots. Raichle RTX 8112. Pump 
adjustor. OK condition. $25 abo. Kafy 587-
9468. (2114-2119) 

Hey I This is the car lor you ... New/ Rebui~ 
Datsun wegon. GREATI $1 tOO/abo. 299-
2561. (2114-2/25) 
Stereo for saI_ record, CD. tape deck, 
and speakers. $150. Call Michele 535-
9219. (2114-2/21) 

'81 Jeep CJ7 4cyl. 53K runs greal, soft 
tope, many x-Iras. Must sell to pay for 
Spring Otr. $4250. Call Darold271-681' .(21 
14-3114) 

Bose AM5 speakers. Never used (slill in 
box), paid $750 will selll for $575. 270-
8918, 6 p.m. - 12 a.m. (2119-2/25) 

Cannondale SRSOO Road Bike. All new 
Shima no 600 group including clipltss 
pedals. Avocet computer. 58 em frame. 
Perfect condhion. Adrienne, 453-2753. (21 
19-2121 ) 
21ix, BBD - K. S_at- J. Gill, 2125191, 
S.D. Sports Arena, Row 4, lower Level, 
$39.00 ea. 558-8635. (2119) 

Aqua Gear medium pullsu~ . Only worn 
onoe, $120. CaU Darren 793-0273. (2119) 

HOUSING 
:I Bay Arw AT . lrplane tickata $40MChI Del Mar Condo, 2 brl2ba, fumiahed, pool, 
leaves SO Sat Feb 23 eafly/returns 8:45 spa, utilities, beach. $425 lirst, $850 
Monday morningl (Oakland). First dibs. therealter. 931-69n. (In-2/25) 
535-0484. (2111-2121) 

Spacious Townhouse $2oo-$3OOIperson, 
1987 Honda Rebel. Lots of chrome. Runs near UCSO, available now, layaway plan 
perfect. Call 483-70n anytime. Ask lor available. Bill 272-6508. (214-3/14) 
Dave $1000 O.B.O. (2111 -2119) 

'81 Rabbil Diesel- G .... t Mileage $950 
abo. 457-1729. (2114-2119) 
VESPA for sale. Rallye 200. Runs well . 
Good shape. $6o%bo. Call Jeremy al 
454-8189. (2114-2125) 

NEED A GOOD BOARD FOR BLACKS? 
New 6'4* P.B .. $200. Very Clean 6'4" 
Bessel, $2700b0. Call Mike at 551-1259. 
(2114-2119) 

Non-smoker wanted to share 2-bedroom 
apallment on Genesee near Nobel with 
Graduate student . Quiet complex, pool, 
BBO area, weighl equipment. S380 + 112 
utilities + $250 deposit for Master bedroom. 
Call Gary for more information. 695-
7815(work) 450-1579(home). (214-2121) 

RooMMATEWANTEDIlOwnrm.&bthrm. 
hoI tub, pool, sauna, 5 min from school. 
ASAP to 6 - 30. $450 + 113 util. 457-8093. 
(2/7-2121 ) 

The UCSD Guardian 

LA JOLLA CONDO. Own roomlbalh. 2 
miles from campus: $3901mo, 113 utilities. 
535-0715. (2111-2125) 
WFNonsmokertoshare2bdr.,11I2 bath 
furnished townhouse apt . near campus, 
pool, jacuzzi, canyonview. 5350/mo., 112 
utilities plus daposit. Available March 1 st 
Call linda al558-9025. (2111-2/28) 

$300 DEL MAR, One Block to Beach, 
Share Room, Great Place, callJleave 
message. 755-9719. (211 t -2121) 
Female Roommale Wanled. Single In 3 
bedroom fumished townhouse. 1112 miles 
from UCSD. S300/monlh, deposit, 113 
utilhies. Avail. Now. Call Kathy 558-13t6. 
(2114-2/21) 
FREEl NOWlla Jolla Colony. Bedroom! 
Bath. Who: Clean female, 'no smoking! 
pets. Brian 455·1212. (2114-2119) 
Mira Mesa. Responsible temale to share 3 
bedroom home, own room $260. Call Joy 
578-6523. (2119-2121) 

$275/mo. Female roommale. La Jolla 
Shore , 1 st & last plus $1 00 deposit. Futon 
$50. 459-1371, leave messages. (2119-21 
25) 
CHEAP AND CLOSE TO CAMPUS I Male! 
lemale/other nonsmoker needed to share 
2BR Mesa apartment. $240 Includes 
utMities I Available now, ilthe Housing Nazis 
will let you In (you're a grad/mad student or 
perpetual undergrad). Call SIeve al 450-
2157 or 450-0601. (2119-2121) 

Large master bedroom available near 
UCSD. Privale balh, sundeck, washer/ 
dryer. Available now through end of June. 
$430 singlelS500 double occupancy + 113 
utilities. 259-t829. (2/19-3/15) 

UNIVERSITY CITY $2t5. t or 2 females 
needed to share nice 3 bedroom house. 
(own room). 10 min. to UCSD. Washer/ 
Dryer. patio, piano. no smokers, drugs, 
pets. Call Mark at 534-2391 (message: 
534-3383). (21t9-2121 ) 

Walk to UCSD. Two bedroom condo for 
rent . Pool, garage. Pallialfy furnished. 
$850. 587-6715. (2119-2121) 

Ca rwash • Gas Stat ion • Dry Cleaners 
• Grocery Store· One Hour photo · Florist 
• Post Office • Hair Salon • Video Store • Bank 

• Restau ran ts • and many other retail stores. 

Cardiff, room lor rent. Charming 3 BR 
house above beach, view, laundry, $333.33 
+,633-1786. (2119) 

Del Mar- ROOMATE NEEDED- master 
bedroom wilh bath, washer/dryer in 
apartment, tennis, pool, jacuzzi, weight 
room. $445 per month or $260 each for 2. 
Call 792-0393. (2119) 
ROOMS FOR RENT - in huge 2 story, 3 
bedroom condo. 5mintocampusl Washer/ 
dryer in kitchen. Plio, pool, dishwasher, 
morel $3451monlh . Call 558-2376. (2119) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST CAT - LIGHT ORANGE Female 
long hair $100 reward ·OPIE: Mesa 
housing area. Jack 558-0938. (1128-2128) 
FOUND Prescriplion Sunglasses. Wed. 21 
6 night in area between Price Center and 
Peterson. Call Heidi. 534-6444. (2111-21 
19) 

Lost Calculator - Hewlett Packard 48SX. 
II lou nd please contact Bob at 558-8061 . 
Big reward. (2119-2121 ) 
lOST Gold ring, lamily cresl and Inscription 
on face. High sentimental value, reward. 
Jim 554-0373. (2119-411 ) 

PERSONALS 
ELECTROLYSIS FOR FREE? Geez 
Loui_ that's weith checkin' outl Please 
see the Monday display ad lor Alexander's 
ElectrolysiS or call 558-Q888 for the whole 
scoop. (2/7-21t9) 

FREE CD.' Check out the Music Treder 
ad in this Issue or call the Mllamar Store I 
693·1469 (217-21t9) 

2 Bly Arel RTalrplane IlckltsS40elchl 
Leaves SO Sal. Feb 23 e.ny/retums 8:45 
Monday morning I (Oakland). First dlbs. 
535-0484. (21tl·2/21) 
Summer ·PEACEWORK," a U.S.-Soviet 
Volunteer Program in Peru . July24 to Aug 
18. Call Marcus Hewel for information 535-
0863. (2111-2119) 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

Third College sludents inleresled in wriling 
for and working on a student run college 
newspaper, SlOp by the Third College 
Dean's Office, or call 534-4390. (2114-21 
28) 

Hey Delt. Sig. Seranaders - Your beautiful 
voices in hatmony made our mghtiLove, 
Sigma Kappa Saranaders. (2119) 
JOB SECURITY FOR THE REST OF 
YOUR LIFE. Learn sales Irom a true 
proiessionaJ and you Will never worry again 
about your nexl paycheck, Sophomores 
- Juniors - Seniors - Attend Bob 
lalrate's seminar March 2. See ad pg. 3. (21 
19-2/28) 

To Ihe brolhers of Phi Delta Theta, we 
can1 wait to rage w~h you at our upcoming 
exchange I From The Sisters of Pi Beta 
Phi. (2119) 
RISC All-Cal Reunion this Sat., Feb 23rd. 
Call the Risc office 10 a.m. 10 2 p.m. 
Tuesday through Friday. Details I 534-44821 
(2119-2121 ) 

We want YOU lor RISC STAFFI Come join 
the funl Applications at RISC office, 534-
4482. (2119-2121) 

Ski In ShaN with RISCI Jackson Hole I 5-
days skiing, March 23-30. Tickets at Box 
Office. 534-4482. (21t9-2121) 
RISC Club Meeting Wed. 2/20, 8:t5 p.m. 
at USB 30201 All-Cal Reunion/Jackson 
Hole inlof (2119) 

TRI DELTA - Gel down and get derby I 
Your coaches know Ihat you are the most 
spirited groupl Derby Days is going to be 
greatl Love, your coaches - Winston & 
Travis. (2/19) 

Lee squared - Excitement awailsl Meel 
me at the Grove at 8:30 tonight. Bring a 
chemistry book, a bathing suil , clean 
laundry, and a house planl - Mr. CaV 
broccoli bud. (2119) 

Emily - When time is vast and thoughts are 
lew, remember that we spent an entire 
weekend gazing at the body of Kevin 
Bacon. Now doesn't thaI make you smile? 
(2119) 

I 



22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 19, 1991 

~ THE WEEK IN SPORTSjFEBRUARY 11·18 
SEASON RECORDS/ NOTES 

lIlr.... MEN'S BASKETBALL 
~ 21-3jhas won 13 in a row; ranked 5th 
lIlr.... WOMEN'S BASKETBAll 
~ 194 (as of Sunday)/has won 13 in a row 
lIlr.... MEN'S VOlJ.£YBALl. 

~ 4-6/won three in a row 
lIlr.... BASEBALL 

~ 1-5/lost two in a row 
lIlr.... SOFTBALL 

~ 0-2/dropped season-opener 5th year in a row 
lIlr.... MEN'S TENNIS 
~ O-l/dropped season-opener to CSU Bakersfield 
lIlr.... WOMEN'S TENNIS 

~ 2-1/defeated seconcHanked Pomona-Pitzer 
UPCOMING EVENTS 
INTERCOLlEGIATE SPORTS 
Date Event 

Feb. 19 M. Basketball 
at Pacific Christian College 
W. Basketball 
at PacifIC Christian College 

Tkne 

8:00 p.m. 

6:00 p.m. 

, 

TRACK & FIELD 
1IISUlT1 
UC_T __ 

........ 

M. Volle)1:lall v. CSU Long Beach 7:00 p.m. ,--~ 00 10-. UCSOS2: CoI"'- _ n Col 
Baseball v. San Diego Statp. 

Feb. 20 M. Tennis 
2:00 p.m. .-"""12. MOt ua t1: Col s.. _lO: ucso 77: Col "" 

_26. 

v. United States Air Force Academy 3:00 p.m. --; WOIlJt JlI'!IJIi...1. _ 0cIM (UCSCl.129'6'; 
Feb. 21 M. & W. Swim at UNLV all day 

2. __ l\IO).ur1 __ ~ 

M. Tennis v. University of Hawaii 3:00 p.m. 
115'. llII'I..t AAlP-I._,.... i\JCI). 34'91(1': l. MIn""" 1\01. 34'0'; l Oin,.,." I\.ICSDJ. 33'13/0'. 
tlGHJJ/II-I.Kn���_~.·U·; 2. ... y .. 
1f\II"OIIIl.0·1\·;1 __ IlOl.4'U·.4X1(I) 

Feb. 22 M. & W, Swim at UNLV all day 
M, Tennis at University of San Diego 1:30 p.m. 

MmJI RWY- L 00 .... "'Ie: l. I/O 'r '9.43; 1 
""""9. \.lOO 1I:roIS-1.. o.n.. ~ 
U9.28: 1 ~ suq IIQ. Ul34; 1Il0l ~ 
IVCIl. ' ;41.07. DISCUS- I. _ QI4IIy (UCSO!. 

009"': 1._~(UCSO!.\lC7·; lSlllll_ 
IIQ. 128'1'. J()O MmJI HUIIllf$-. L looO .... 
III1IIIiCI'odJ, 1c.80; l. KnIll -1VCIl. L5.<19: 1 
AllIIn ""'" (I\ImoI'oI. L5.1~ 400 IlETtRS-I.ShIIr 

T_IVCIl.5U7: 1""",~~!I.~ 
l II. _~ ~.3\. Q)IIETtRS-I.AIU 
"",,~2:OCJl:2. __ ~J 

Softball v. CSU San Bernardino 1:00 p.m. 
Baseball v. College of Idaho 
W. Basketball 
v. Christ College of Irvine 

XTRAMURAL SPORTS 
Date Event 

Feb. 20 M. Lacrosse v. Bates 
Feb. 23 Ice Hockey v. SDSU 

W. Lacrosse v. UCSB 
M. Lacrosse at Arizona 

Mar. 2 W. Lacrosse at Whittier 
Mar. 3 Ice Hockey at Cal Tech 
Mar. 9 W. Lacrosse at Claremont 
Mar. 16 M. Lacrosse at Whitter 

kinko~· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

2:00 p.m. 

7:00 p.m. 

TIme 

3:00 p.m. 
7:30 p.m. 
Noon 
1:00 p.m. 
11:30 a.m, 
11:30 a.m. 
Noon 
8:00 p.m. 

~I& S\.: 1_ Snam [lO). ~18.22. 100 II:roIS-
1._ herllJCT),12.23; 1 £Iu-.,oniUCSOl. 
lUI' ; 1 Kin tIM> ,.,....~ 12.11 400 MmJI 
IUO.£.S....I. ... r.-u (UCSO!.I;07.3t.1.1'OI 

~ (UCSOI. 1:08.10; 1 c.. _ IlO!. 
1.u'l$.lO!I:OJJ/II-1. __ 1VCIl.1f21/ 
0': l. I'<iIIi _ [lO). 18'8 1/2'; 1 GoIIi GoldIn 
I~ ITJ1(1'. lOO1I:roIS-1. El'aWll/W1lOll 
(I.CSOJ. l5.!9; 2. Kin CIMI ,...,..t l6.2l1 GoIIi 
GoldIn (8IfIorI5M l6.Jl DIO 1I:roIS-1. U) RIIIl 
IVCIl. 9;'5,44: l. a.,; 51 .... 1\01. 10:L5.92: 1 s.u 
_[lO).IO;lUl Cl4OOMmJlII£IAY-1.1.O ·A'. 
'00.78: 1_ ';OC.\l: 100 •••• A;lQ.T1 IoIOt ___ 1. Sail SI!IInI (UCSOI. 
19C"; 1 Jot! TIIICr I\JCSDI. I.,.!'; 1 _ -. 
I ....... r_ld~ 1'7·U·. JAmIN- I. _ VIItIH 
IIoIoorftiI). 203"'; 2. _ F_ IVCIl. 1Jl'1O"; 1 
0Hn _ !--. 181'2'. lO!I:O lIP-I. .... 
f_ (UCII. 211 lI" : 2. JJ. _ (UCSOI.17I1/ 
0': 1 Pa""" IVCIl. 21'10 I/O'. SHOr PI/T- 1.1/ 

~f\.Ol.'TC·; 2.Don*,-~C5";l 
IbIWI SIaIlocI!W*r 1\.01. "'9' • I 100 IlUY- 1. 
8IIn'IeiI. 'UO; 1-' 410&. \.lOO 1I:roIS-1 
Ih _ I\.ICI\ J:S8.1S: l. _1'tII<n (I\lIInj. 

YOUR Iu.NESS 
COULD BE 

PROFITABLE $$$ 
If you have a major illness, 
you could make a valuable 
contribution to the medical 
community, and earn $$$. 

• Measles 
• Mononucleosis 
• Lupus 
• Herpes 

$50 
and 

• Severe Allergy 
• Chicken Pox 

up ••• 
• Lyme Disease 
• Clotting Factor Deficiency 
Sensitized 10 the Rh Factor 

r or .art iaformldoa, pIeate COIIIId 
MD LABORATORIES 

226-1733 

':00.111; 1 aor _ f\.Ol. ':03.71. UO II:IDIS 
1UlUS-1._1II,-", L5.l2;l...., 
Krt jUCIJ, l5.'ll l1li _ jUCIJ, I!. .... 400 
II£ItRS-. I. TIoftJ l1li ...... 48.10: l. SIN 
IIMd ,.,.. 50.46: 1 DMo ~ I-.&Id). 
!1.11.1(1) MlTllI$-l.l"'Il'.It ~ 10.851 
l. IotIClwjUClJ,l1.11:1 SorI\''''''''' ~ 11.l2. 
IIlO II:roIS-I. _ 510ft,.",..., 1;55.17; 1. .... 
GeoIt'CIIVCIl. 1S31: 3. Oooc -1VCIl. !:SUI. 

ItGItllP- l.r"'~~6·U·: 2.1111 
f_ I\.ICI~ , . 13/" ; 1_ SotnI (IICSO). 6'2 II 
j', 200 II:roIS- 1. Uny !'.It __ 22.10: 1. 
ilIAI_1\IO). 22.22;1 SorI\''''''''' (1.10\ 22.SS. 
DISCUS- 1. Don ... """""" I53'r; 2. SaIl 
s..,.1\JCSDI. 141'3'; 1 It""""" 1U011.1'l'. 
TRP\.EJJ/II-1.1111 F_IVCIl. ... IOI/.·: I ...... 

~ (~ 45'10 1/2'; 1 ~ InItIonJ 
(-.r.IdJ. 4471(1'. :DIO MlTllI$- I. IMoo_ 
I\JC\l.ltlS.8tl. loti""", IlOl. tJ7.71; 1 o..)l JewoI 

1--'1:J9·I~ 
• --li'liiii1-

HOCKEY 
II£SUUS 
UCSO 5. ucu. 1 
UCSO I. CSIIIMnIiJI 0 

GOLF 
IIESLIlTJ 
11101_"-' ,",72 
csu IlonIreel '* 195. ucso:m 
_ ~)INI_ (UCSCI. MIII<_ 
~71 

~-lNIINI (I(SDJ 71 
Ibra~ _________ 71 
_ICSI.Otl ________ .. ______ . 7' 
0Id0Id (CSUQt) ______ 7. 
.... (UC$DI . _________ 7! 
_ ~ _________________ 7& 

-(IICSDJ 76 
1_~ . ______ 76 
KNo (UCSO) ______________ 71 

- (C$IO!l 82 
lp(UC$DI 8J 

IN THE FU FACHERS 
by Steve Moore 

Wayrle "The Franchise" Figowitz 

SNOW SKIING 
--_._-

."r..y~1!!II 
PIa _ TIAII Tint 

1. UC..... I .. " 
2. ucu. I \1J1.41 
1 UC s.u -. 11 12IO.eo 

~ usc I' 121&.71 
!. s..o.,_ 11 ~ 
---_._-
."r..,4.I!I91 

__ TIAllTint 
loUC .. ", 1 _ 
l. ucu. 2 m .75 
1 usc J 192.88 
.. ucs.u-.. 19175 
5. CSII""""" 5 lOlJS 
--_._-

".~'. It91 
PIa_ 

l. UC..... I 
l. ucu. 10 
1 UCs.u-. 15 
.. usc 17 
5, s..DII$_ 27 
.. ~-- .. --... r....., •. 1!!11 
L ucs.u-. 
2.UC .. ", 1 s.. __ ' 

.. ucu. 
5. USC 

PIa_ 
7 
• II 
13 
15 

TlAllliot 
UIUl 
\3eO.16 
1.74.35 
I'rue 
.\.179.79 

TIAII Tint 
an 
... n 
!!O.l15 
111.43 
111.16 

M, BASKETBALL 

1IISUlT1 
UCS081.CSUs.._Sl 

DMSIOII • IWIIIIIQS 
.".....-y IJ. 1991 
I. _ fN\1 (a<JI 
2._'_fl2-1J 
1 SIIIIII-I21·1J 
.. "","~I»I) 
, UC ..... 12WI 
&. CIMo ~ fIIl(1t2) 

And our COn<ftn5 .'" just as 

.... _-_ .. _-

."~'. I!I91 
PIa_ 

l. ucs.u-. I 
Lie..... 2 
1 ucu. 2 
.. usc 3 
5.-' 0 
.... _-,,--
•• .....-y •. I!I91 

1. UCs.u-. 
2.UC ..... 
1ucu. 
.. USC 
5. s..DII$Sia 

PIa_ 
I 
11 
15 
11 
19 

MEN'S LACROSSE 
1lDULT1 
Col ll. UCS07 
lit s.u -. ll. UCSD U 

W. BASKETBALL 
1III&JLT1 
UCSD81~v..'7 

M, VOLLEYBALL 
1lQULT1 

ucso~ _~" lH~ 1~15.IH5 
UCSD ~ s.u on ~11.15.15O.1~ 

BASEBALL 
.... T1. 

UCSOl.~1 
n._" . UCSOI 
n._. 7. UCS05 

SOFTBALL 
1III&JL11 
a.-llaDO 
a.-4. UCS02 

v;ul environmental needs 
nuclear waste products 
system for the next ftn<~ati" 

Tuesday, February 19,1991 The UCSD Guardian 

"STUDENT POWER 
.. .A NEW DECADE" 

UCSASTUDENTSUMMIT 
in Sacramento at State Capitol 
March 2 - 4 1 991 

Events ••• 
AS MEETING 

Every Wednesday at 6:30 pm 
Price Center·Third F1oor·Room 8 
All Students Are Invited to Attend 

JACOB'S LADDER 
AS FILM SERIES 
Thursday, February 21, 6:30,9:00, II :3Opm 
Price Center Theater 
$1.00 

"LIVING WITH THE SPILL" 
CWD POLlTICAL FILM SERIES 
Friday, February 22, 7:00 pm 
Faustina Solis Hall 
Free!!! 

TGIF 
MAMA STUD 
Blues Gospel Funk 
Friday, February 22, 4:30 pm 
Gym Steps 

FIREHOSE with LIQUID SUNSHINE 
Friday, February, 22, 9:00 pm 
Triton Pub 
Tickets: UCSD $61 G.A. $8 ($1 more at the show) 
1 R and older or collel!e TO needed to purchase tickets/attend 

Insi hts ••. 
AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL AT UCSD 

Meeting on Wednesday. February 20 
6:00 pm - Video: "Universal Declaration of Human Rights" 
6:30 pm - Leiter Writing 
USB 3060 

BALLROOM DANCE CLUB 
POST-VALENTINE'S DANCE 
Tuesday, February 19, 7:00-9:00 pm 
PC Ballroom 
Free admission and lessons 

GOLDEN KEY NATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY 
Applications being accepted. Pick up at USB 4000, 
Deadline: March 20. 1991 

GUESS WHO'S COMING TO DINNER? 
Alumni Association'S 6th annual event, April 21. 
Students are invited to eat to their hearts content at a dinner party held in the home 
of a UCSD professor, alumnus or staff for free. 
For more infonnation, call the Alumni Office at 534-3900. 

HABIT AT FOR HUMANITY 
Would you like to volunteer your time to help the homeless in Tijuana, and make 
new friends along the way? Well. come join us 00 our next work day! 

February 23rd. Call Shannon for more infonnation -- 558-0195. 
Everyone welcome. 

THIRD COLLEGE TOWN MEETING 
Thursday. February 21. 7:00 pm, Oceanview Lounge to discuss: 
the renaming survey, the new curriculum and other Third College Issues 

AS NEWS FLASHES is produced by !he ASUCSD. Use the NEWSFLASHES REQUEST 
RM 10 place an advenisement. Ads an: subject to availabilily of space. Deadline is every Wednesday 

I nOOll for the foltowing Monday paper. Drop off and Pick up of a1t NewsOashes fonns arc to be done 
it" the AS Secretary - Third Aoor of !he Price Center. Corllact 534-4450 for more information, 

INTERNATIONALLY ACCLAIMED ANNE FRANK EXHIBIT 
Coming to UCSD May 7-June 7 
Docent needed, must have Junior standing and 2.5 GPA 
Earn 4 unit of Academic Internship credit. will be trained 
Please call Cyndy Stalmaster 452-5867 

or Gershon Sharir 534-2575 
WRITERS and ARTISTS NEEDED FOR A.S. NEWSPAPER!!! 

ASUCSD wants (0 put out a quarterly newspaper tarting at the end of this 
quarter!!! Wrilers. Artists. or anybody willing to help are welcome to come to 
the meeting on Wednesday. February 20. 1991 at 4:00 pm 

A.S. Computer Room(3rd Floor Price Center) 
For more info contact A.S. Office at 534-4450 or Randolph at 558-TIDE!! 

MAKE A DIFFERENCE! HAVE A VOICE! 
UCSA STUDENT SUMMlT '91 
"STUDENT POWER ... A NEW DECADE" 
March 2-4, 1991 in Sacramento at the Sate Capitol 
-Personally lobby memebers of the California Legislature on key legis lation 
affecting UC Students 

-Attend seminars and panel discus ions on issues facing Califomia's college 
students 

Sign up beginning Monday, February II at the AS OFFICES, Third Floor. Price 
Center. Info Call 534-4450. LIMITED SPACE! $10 non-refundable deposit. 

MEChA 
GENERAL BODY MEETING - February 19, 5:00 pm 
Revelle College 
Potluck to welcome all Revelle 'wdents to MEChA activilies and meelings. 

RISC-RADICALLY INCLINED KI CLUB 
·Ski in horts! We're going to Jackson Hole. WY for Spring Break! March 23-
30. Tickets at the Box Office. or call our office at 534-4482 Tuesday-Friday 
10am- 2pm. For additional info call John at 273-2 145 

'RISC Staff applications Due February 22 at the RISC Office (3rd Floor Price 
Center), Don' t miss out! 

-All-Cal Reunion! Call the RISC Office for delails! 
·Club meeting-- Wednesday, February 20,8: 15 pm 
USB 3020, everyone welcome! 

"THERE'S NO MYSTERY TO THE HISTORY" 
AFRICAN AMERICAN HISTORY MONTH FINALE 
SPECIAL GUEST: 

Singer Jefferey Osborne and actor Darryl Bell from A Different World 
Saturday, February 23. 7:00 pm 
D!lJlce to follow 

$31$5 tickets available at your college dean's office 
Sponsored by AASU and BES 

TIPSY TAXI WILL GIVE U A SAFE RIDE HOME 
Fridays and Saturdays I Opm-2am (February I-March 16. 1991) 
Call 234-6161 "Must Have Student 10. (Radius 15 miles. additional miles will 
be paid by students) Sponsored by ASUCSD, 

WARREN COLLEGE 
Mugs on sale at the Warren Commons 
$4.00 (A WCSC Event) 

W ATERPOLO CLUB 
Meets Saturdays, 4:00-6:00 pm 
Natatorium 
All are welcome 

E A LEADER AT UCSD !! 
Run for office in the 1991 ASUCSD Elections 

Filing dates: March 6 thru March 15 
Last day to tile: April I , 8:00am - 4:00pm 
Where: A.S. Office, Third Hoor, Price Center 

See Anna 
Positions A vaUable: 

Executiye 
President 
Vice President Administrative 
Vice President Finance 
Vice President External Affairs 

Senators 

Commissioners 
Academic Affairs 
Communications 
Programming 
Public Relations 
Operations/Services & 

& Enterprises 
University Center Board 

Sophomore, Junior and Senior Senators for: 
Muir, Revelle, Third, Warren, & Fifth 

23 



24 SPORTS 

BITS & PIECES I PETER KO 
Chevys, Howitzers, 
And King Ralph 
J ust a few note : • This week's Sports Illustrated cover featur-
ing Karl Malone, harle 
Barkley, Magic John on, 
Michael Jordan, and Patrick 
Ewing as the potential starting 
five for the U.S. at the 1992 

ummer ames i. just begging 
to renew the debate a~ to whether 
or not pr fessionals hould be 
allowed to play in the I mpics. 

Th response here I'> yes. nd 
no. Norhmg like ciani\,. 

Yes, b cause the oviet and 
Brnzilian teams are, for all 
intents and purp ses, profe .. -
sional team~. The viet team 
feature th heM - /10 qualifiers 
here - player., in the country. 
The same goes for the Brazilian. 
Why should the .S. send a 
squad full of guy who (conceiv-
ably, bllt I/otlikely) might not be 
among the top 300 players in the 
country? 

0, because the top college 
players in the U .. should be able 
to ~tomp the Soviet team wi th 
their legs tied. To each other. 

OlympIC officials - 0, I 
don't have a clue who they are 
either - seem to be overreacting 
to the Ie.,' than stellar perfor-
mance b the U.S. in the last 
Olympics. The fact of the matter 
i. that then-Head Coach John 
Thompson managed his team 
poorly off the court, which as 
much " ... anythtng led to the 
Soviet victory. 

The selection committee 
should have listened to rum-
bltngs that Thomps n wa ... a little 
too militant and a little t 0 
hostile with his Georgetown 
player. A wi er election in 
1988, and Barkley might not 
have a prayer of ever ompeting 
in the Olympic. 

Besides, wOllld YOlll/n/eash a 
front-line of Barkley, Malolle, 
alld Ewing on your worst enemy? 
That's ilke IIsing a HOlI'it:er to 
hI/fit jackrabbits 

D \R . MIS ED the Daytona 500 again. othing like 
watching a bllneh of gllYS whose 
flalll(,S end 111111, Jr., or -ettl 
dril'e Chel'_\5 ill circl('s 

• Buffy Rabit. Stephen King, 
and Larry Ktng competed at the 
track and field meet at UC 
Irvine. And King Ralph was in 
the stands 

• What' , thedeal v .. llh NBC and 
Notre Dame? The Irish have been 
on NBC ' college ba -ketball 
weekend for what eems like the 

See BITS, Page 15 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Tuesday, February 19, 1991 

TradHion Holds in 
Softball Opener 
• Tritons drop 
doubleheader 3-0,4-2 
to Chapman College 
By Joanne Tashiro 
Guardian Reporter 

Thi is one tradition the UCSD 
oftball team would like to break. 

For the fifth con ecutive year, the 
Tritons were wept in their season-
opening doubleheader, this time 
falling 3-0 and 4-2 to Chapman 
College Saturday afternoon. 

The fir t game began as a repeat 
of UCSD' hi toric trouble on 
opening day, a the Tritons were 
unable to overcome an aggre ive 
Panther offen e. 

Senior Kathy Fogg (0- I ) pitched 
the first four innings to take the 
10 , before being relieved by 
ophomore Kim Stutzman_ 

"We didn't hit as well and a 
much a we wanted to," first 
ba eman Pam Harnack aid_ 

dition. "We expected at least a 
plit," junior outfielder/ hortstop 

Li a Mora aid. 
Tradlton, however, tood 
~trong, as the nightcap failed to 
live up to the Tritons' e pecta-
tion . 

The game tarted slowly, with 
n ither side scoring a run until the 
sixth inning when UCSD ta1lied its 
first and last two run . 

Adhering to their strengths, the 
Tritons played well defensively 
throughout the game. 

Offensi vel y, however, they 
truggled with no runs through the 

fifth inning_ 
In the bottom of the ixth, the 

Triton howed omeoffensivelife 
when senior shortstop Dana 
Chaiken led off with a double to 
left field. 

Second baseman Stephanie 
Mol ina followed with a bunt single, 
which ent Chaiken to third. Kathy 
Fogg's single loaded the bases with 
nobody out. 

Dan McDowelVGuardian 
Kathy Fogg took the loss in the opener of Saturday's doubleheader, 
as the host Tritons fell 3-0, 4-2 to the Chapman College Panthers. 

By the econd game however, 
the team appeared to be less ner-
vous and was more focu ed on 
ending its somewhat dubious tm-

Hamack brought Chaiken home 
with a single to break the scoreless 

See SOFTBALL, Page 19 

Records 
Fall by the 
Wayside 
• Men's hoop wins 
21 st game, tops in 
program's history 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Wnter 

It'~ a good thing th UCSD 
men's basketball team isn't su-
perstitious. But with the way the 
Tnton~ have been playing lately, 
how could they be? 

aturday' - game against SU 
San Bernardino turned out to be 
anything but unlucky, as UC D 
not hed its chool-record I th win 
in a row, 81-62 over the Coyotes. 

The Tritons also et a new chool 
record forwins in a eason with 21, 
surpa sing the mark of 20 et by 
last year' club. 

The win also rai ed the Triton 
record in Division III to 17-0. 

De pite the absence of 
CSUSB' two top scorer, the 
Triton came out . Ioppy and 
unfocu ed throughout the first hal f. 

"We were playing to the level 
of the competition:' UCSD Head 
Coach Tom Marshall said. 

Intenity or no intensity, the 
Triton played well enough to take 
an eight-point halftime lead, 34-
26. 

SD came out in the econd 
halflooking like the p werhou e it 
ha been all year. The Tritons, who 
have not 10 t a game since De-
cember 28, 1990, opened up a 20-
point lead and n ver looked back. 

The UCSD defen e, which ha 
See M. HOOP, Page 17 

Golf War: UCSD 
And Methodist 
• Golf has the tools for a title, 
but Methodist stands in the way 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

One of these days, UCSD golf Head Coach 
Mike Wydra is going to get the chance to compete 
against real Division ill-level team forthe NCAA 

WINTER 
PREVIEW '91 

national champion hip_ 

Guardian File Photo 
Senior Bob Knee shot a three-under-par69 in 
the final round of last year's nationals. 

For years, Wydra 's "Division ill" nemesis was 
Cal State Stanislaus, which, among other things, 
according to Wydra, gave scholar hips to it play-
er - something that is supposed to be against the 

See GOLF, Page 17 

Little Leopards Can't Tame Tritons 
• Women's hoop ties 
school record for wins 
in a season with 63-47 
victory over La Verne 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
ASSOCiate Sports Editor 

De pite a luggi h start again t 
La Verne Friday night, th UCSD 
women' basketball team increased 
its winning treak to 13 and tied the 
school re ord for , eason wins, in a 
63-47 win over the Leopard _ 

"W didn't play well the fir t 
10 minute of the game," Head 
Coach Judy Malone aid. 

"We were a little luggi h in the 
fir t half, but we took control in the 
econd half," Malone aid, noting 

that the Triton committed 12 

turnovers in the first half, and only 
ix in the econd half. 

As usual, it was the Tritons' 
defen e that made the difference. 

"Mo t of the trouble we had in 
the first half wa defensive," 
Malone aid_ 

"They were a little quicker than 
we were and we didn't make an 
adjustment." In the last five min-
ute of the fir t half, UCSD ex-
tended it lead to ix point, 
jumping out to a 24-18 lead_ 

Forward Cari Young, who had 
tarted low, came alive in the final 

five minute of the first half to key 
the run. 

"Her shot tarted falling," 
Malone aid_ 

Young cored 21 point and 
nagged 14 rebound . 

Malone said she felt the garne 
was interesting. 

"Normally, they haveabig line-
up with three ix-footers, which 
would match up with us pretty 
well," Malone said. 

"But instead, they played three 
quick and two big kid . It was good. 
We had to make some adjust-
ments," she added 

Malone noted that ophomore 
Li a Beaver and junior Molly 
Jonnum al 0 played well again t 
the Leopard . 

Beaver wa ix for II from the 
floor, collecting 15 points and II 
rebounds. Jonnum added eight 
point and ix rebounds. 

The Triton next game i to-
night when they travel to Pacific 
Christian. 


