
HIGH ASlunES- The UCSD women's soccer team ran its record to 8-0-1 with a 7-
1 victory over Claremont Monday. Cheryl Parker and Karin Lindsay each scored two 
goals, while Kalyn Shea added three assists. The Tritons have continued to roll despite 
su1'rering key Injuries. See stories, pages 15, 16. 

GSA BegIns Academic Year With 
Intemal Elections, Current Issues 
By PhIlp Michaels 
Gu8fdian Reporter 

The Graduate Student Association (GSA) 
held its first meeting of the fall quarter Tuesday 
night, in which they elected new representatives 
to their Executive Committee and addressed 
issues of concern for graduate students. 

Originally the vice-president internal, Brian 
Ladner was unanimously approved by the GSA 
to assume the role of vice-president extemal 
after the resignation of Elisa Bernstein. Oarrin 
Johnson was also unanimously approved at the 
meeting to fill Ladner's position. 

Other GSA Executive Committee members 
for the 1991-92 academic year include GSA 
President Denise Fenton, and Vice President of 
Finance Christine Halverson. 

Fenton views the upcoming year as a time for 

in which the GSA "will have to establish an 
advocacy slate" to address the issues facing 
graduate students. According to Fenton, thi will 
occur in upcoming meeting . 

Among the issues discussed at the meeting 
was the renovation of the old Triton Pub. With 
only $260,000 available to spend on the new 
construction, the University Center Board /GSA 
Pub Committee could not afford the primary 
estimate of $370,000. 

Construction will therefore be delayed until 
Novemberwhilethecommirteeexamines which 
ponions of the renovation are essential. Ladner 
reponed that the delay in construction wi II push 
back the opening of the new Pub from April to 
the beginning of the fall quaner in 1992. 

The GSA also discussed which i sues it would 
See GSA, Page 8 

Betas Allowed 
IntoUCSD'sIFC 
• Administration overrides last 
year's denia~ of membership 
By ErIc Schmidt 
Associate News Editor 

The UCSO administmtion decided to admit 
Beta Theta Pi as a full memberofUCSO's Inter-
Fraternity Council (IFC) over the summer, de-
spite last year's vote to deny the fraternity mem-
bership. 

Said Betas President Steve De La Cruz, "We 
wanted just a fair shot. We're here to do as well 
as anyone else - as well a possible." 

The adrni. sion of the Betas follows a three-
year delay, since the Betas 1988 fonnation on 
campus a~ an unofficial fmternity . Every year 
ince, they have pushed for an official sanction 

from the IFC, but never obtained it. 
The Betas admission has a rather convoluted 

history. When they formed, they were supported 
by Todd Bittner, the administmtiOr" s former 
advisor to the Greek system. However, Bittner 
was exposed that year as a con man with fake 
degrees and false credentials, according to De La 
Cruz. the Betas lost access to UCSO's Greek 
system. 

When Bittner resigned, the Betas lost access 
to UCSO's Greek ystem. For a year, the Greeks 
searched for an advisor. finally choosing Paul 
DeWine, their current advisor. 

According to De La Cruz, DeWine"instituted 
several policies to strengthen the IFC," including 
a new "expan ion policy" which excluded any 
fraternity in existence on campus without IFC 
recognition from the IFC for good. 

This meant that the Betas, who had been 
waiting for three years, could not be admilled. 
The IFC confirmed the ruling in a vote last year. 

Afterthat, said IFCVice President of Market-
ing and Sigma Chi member Yosh Nakaham, who 
deals with IFC membership recruitment, "the 
upper administration thought we were just get-
ting even." But "we were very subjective" in 
deciding whether or not to admit the Betas, he 
added. 

De La Cruz does not feel that the decision was 
necessarily based on an administrative assess-
ment of vengeance. "They gave us an invitation 
just to be fair, " he said. 

But De La Cruz said the IFC shouldn ' t feel 
forced into allowing the Betas to ~m1ic ipate. 
"They have to understand," he said . "We felt we 
were treated unfairly for two years." 

De La Cruz believes the Betas were largely a 
victim of circumstance. ''\'m not sure it W.L<; 
deliberate, but we got left out. It took this long to 

See BETAS, Page 7 

AS. Postpones 600% Stipend Raise for Programmer 
• Council to consider restructuring currently elected position; Future for Schnurer uncertain 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Associate News Editor 

Calling for more thought on possibly re-
structuring the position of commissioner of 
programming, the Associated Students (A.S.) 
council postponed voting on a proposal last 
night which would mise the weekJy stipend of 
the comm issioner of programming from $40 to 
$240. 

The stipend increase proposal follows a 
letter of resignation submitted to the council 
last week by the current commissioner of pro-
gramming, Matthew Schnurer, which stated 
thai due to the time commitment required by 
the position and his per.;ona\ financial situa-
lion, Schnurerwould be forced 10 leave his post 
"as it is cumntly configured." 

A proposal to create a programming c0m-
mittee. headed by a direclor of programming 

. . 

and including seveml coordinators and assis-
tants, will be voted on by the council next 
Wednesday, after going in front of the rules 
committee. 

Before Vice President External Siamak 
Malek, author of the stipend increase proposal, 
postponed the vote, the A.S. discussed the 
implication!'; of raising the salary of an elected 
official in the middle of the year, a<; well a<; 
finding other alternatives. 

Whilecouncilmembers agreed that Schnurer 
ha<; done an excellent job over the more than 
two years that he has served as commissioner 
of progmmming, most expressed opposition to 
raising his !'ialary by 600 percent. 

Commissioner of Operations and Services 
Paul Wilcox argued lhal"what lhis is bringing 
to our attent ion is that lhere is a serious problem 
wilh programming lhat need!'; to be addressed." 

Matthew Schnurer 
Referring to a stipend increuse, Wilcox 

said, "this isn't the most appropriate way to 
compensate the programmer. There are other 
options that we have to look into." 

See SCHNURER, Page 8 



1 NEWS 

LGBA to Sponsor Gay, lesbian 
and Bisexual Coming Out Day 

The lesbian. Gay & Bisexual Association (LGBA) 
will rally for"National Coming Out Day" tomorrow in the 
Pnce Center Plaza. 

The presentation will consist of faculty speaJc.ers from 
the Gay, Lesbian, & Bisexual Faculty Organization fol-
lowed by an open microphone for anyone wishing to 
"come out of the closet." 

The LGBA emphasizes that the event is not just for 
says.l~bians, and bisexuals. Straight supponers will also 
panicipate in the event. 

The LGBA will also hold a dance Saturday. 

Alcohol Awareness Week to be 
Observed at UCSD Oct. 13 to 19 

Students are panicipating in the prevention of alcohol 
abuse by promoting "Alcohol Awareness Week" on the 
UCSO campus, Oct. 13-19. 

Acti vities on campus will coincide with similar studenl 
effons nationwide during National Collegiate Alcohol 
Awareness Week (NCAA W). TheseslUdem events stress 
educatiOlt'and the individual's ultimate responsibility in 
making well-infonned, responsible decisions. 

Now in it ixth year, the national campaign is pon-
sored by the Inter·Association Task Force on Alcohol and 
Other Subslance Abuse Issues, representing student affairs 
professionals across Ihe country. 

"Alcohol Awarene Week" will include various 
wotxshops, di plays and activities acros the UCSD 
campu aimed at prevention through education, and indio 
vidual responsibility in connection with the use of alcohol. 
Activities include: 

Monday: Women, Men Wld Alcohol, noon- I p.m., 
Price Center, Gallery A 

Tuesday: How 10 Help a Friend (Alcoholism), noon-
I p.m., Gallery A: Scripps McDonald Cenler !>pealcer, 
5:30 p.m.-6:30 p.m, Gallery A 

Wednesday: Alcohol Awareness Week Fair with 

TbcUCSDG ....... 

91X. I I a.m.-2 p.m.. Pri<:e Center Plaza; Straighl Talk aboul 
Alc:ohoI. 5:30 p.m.-6:30 p.m., Price Center Berkeley Room 

n.nday: AIc:ohoI A Your Friends. noon-l p.m.. Price 
Cenler Sanca Barbara Room; 80yz 'N the Hood. 6:30 p.m •• 
9:00 p.m .• I 1:30 p.m.. Price Caller TheaIcr 

Fricbly: Scripps McI)onUI CenIer ipe8ker. noon-I p.m .• 
. Price Cenler Santa Barbara Room; Dance Under me Stars 
(170 door prizes), 8 p.m .• midnip. Price Center Plaza. 
Campuswlde Memorial Service for 
Roger Revelle Set for Monday 

Roger Revelle. who died ofheaJt failure on July 15, will be 
remembered by friend and colleagues in an on-campus 
memorial service Monday. SealS forlheservice. which will be 
held in the new Mandell Weiss Forum 1beaIer al 3:30 p.m., 
will be given on a firsl-come. first·served basis. . 

The one·hour program will be introduced by UCSD 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson. and will fealure remembrances 
of Revelle by Scripps oceanographer Walter Munk, Univer· 
sity California President Emeritus Oark Kerr. and Justin 

Lanca.~er. one of Revelle's fonner students who is now al 
Harvard. 

Revelle is considered by many to be the founder ofUCS O. 
He helped convince the UC Board of Regents to build a 
campus near the university's Scripps Institution of Ocean· 
ography rather than simply expand the existing UC campus in 
Los Angeles. 

Many Revelle family members are expected at the service. 

Friends of the UCSD Theater to Host 
Fundralslng, Recruitment Party 

The Friends of the UCSD Theater will host a "Friend-
Raising" party at the Mandell Weis!> Forum Oct. 13 at3 p.m. 

The party allows the public to get acquainted with the 
Friend .. of the 11leater, the UCSD Depanmenl of Theater's 
suppon group, and to get an introduction to the 1991-92 
theater season. 

The event begins with refreshments served outside on the 
Mandell Wei~ Forum Esplanade. The program then moves 
inside the thealer. where master of ceremonies Jorge Huena 
and l11eater Department Chair Frollltisek Deale will introduce 
the 1991-92 season and special events. 

Presentations by departmenl faculty and students and tours 
of the state-of-the-art lhealer will conclude the evening. 

TIle Friends of the UCSD 1beater is a dedicated group of 
theatre enthusiasts who are interesled in raising funds for lhe 
depa11TTlent's scholarship fund. 1be Friends have raised more 
than S 175,000 over the years [0 help over 350 studen[s 
enhance their educational experiences at UCSD. 

Friend scholarship allow studenls to attend nalional and 

Weekend Weather Watch 
• The temperatures for Friday, 
Saturday, and Sunday In San 
Diego county: ~ ~~I ~ll1::J .l2J 

nEli_iiiiiOl Q Sunny and warm. ~ Morning low clouds I! I - and fog, clearing to ~~~~~ iii: mostly sunny. 

AvanIge 
temperatures for 
eea/alr .. : 
67/72 
Surfing 
oonditlons: 
POOR 

. ' ... ".0: ... :.... 
J ,. ... t , :. • '. ':-': • "''f;l'':'~' • ..-~,c.Q_ 

.... ... ~ ..... ~. . 

Morning low clouds 
and fog, clearing to 
mostly sUMY. 

Tblll"lday, 0cI0bcr 10,1991 

inlemaliollallhea1er festivals and seminars Md give them 
the opponunil)' to do on-sire research into lheir play and 
productions. 

Friend memben lie inviled 10 special Friends-only 
events such • recepboclS. pre-performance dinners and 
discussions with IIUdenta .... facuhy members. 

University of Chicago Awards 
UCSD Professor Honorary Degree 

E. Margaret Burbidge. UCSD Professor Emeritus of 
Astronomy. has been awarded a Doctor of Sciences hon-
oouy degree from the University of Chicago a!> pari ofiliat 
school's centennial celebration. 

Burbidge, one of the world's fomnost observational 
astronomers, was one of 20 distinguished scholars to 
receive honorary degrees during a special ceremony held 
in Chicago on Oct. 3. 

Degrees were granted for scholarship in history, sci· 
ence. an, philosophy, economics and music. 

Burbidge is half of the famous husband and wife 
aSlronomy team, dubbed "B square" by colleagues. Her 
husband, Geoffrey Burbidge, is a distinguished theoretical 
a'itronomer. 

• She is best known for her studies of quasars, the 
brightest and most distant objects in the universe .. and for 
her contributions to understanding how nuclear reactions 
in stars created most chemical elements. 

More recently. Burbidge has served as principle inves· 
tigator for science analysis on the Faint Object Spectro-
graph, an instrument on board the Hubble Space Telescope 
designed to detect the physical state and chemical compo-
sition of very faint objects such a .. quasars at the fringe of 
the observable universe. 

Burbidge ha~ received numerous national and intema· 
tional awards and honors including the National Medal of 
Science in 1984 and the Albert Einstein World Award for 
Science in 1988. The degree from the University of Chi· 
cago brings her total number of honorary degrees to 12. 

Currently a research physicist at UCSO, she was past 
director of UCSO's Center for Astrophysics and Space 
Sciences. 

YOU could be part of the 
Guardian staff box below! 

Come to the Guardian WrIti~ Internship! 
Thursday, October 10, at 7 p.m., 

Berkeley Room, Second Root of the Price Center. 

GTheUCSD CAR DIAN 

Thursday, October 10, 1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

WEDNESDAY'S A S MEETING:~ BRIEF Calvin and Hobbes br Bill Watterson 
• Amead.ul .. Execudvt Salaries 1Iudpt: Clllanp: the A.S. Commissioner of 

Progr.I/nminl's stipend pay !"rom $40 per week 10 S240 per week. After eXlcndcd debalC. 
po6Iponed untillhe nexl meetin .. (See story, page I) 

• Excel '91 L.denillp Coalereact: Alloc:aaion of SI174.00 10 Imcrfr.llcmilY and 
l'anhelleni<: Aacx:ialion forElloel'91 LeadcrshipConference, from General UnaltOC;.IIed. 
Queslions. arose repding the use 01 "Greek Leadership Conference" in publicily 
m31Crials. Ayen on campus will read -Leadership Conference" for A.S. co-sponsorship. 

• New Ca.puter: Alloc::tIion ofS29S4.00 10 A.S. AdminislI:ltion for:l new computer 
system fOrlhe A.S. Excatlive Secretary, from MlInda&ed RCSCfVCS. Requires 3/4 majority 
vOle 10 p;ISS. Open roll «:1111 voce will be counted Frid;ay aa4:30. Expecled 10 pass, :IS all 
membcn pcaenI VOIed in ravor. 

·0IcIa.-
- AppoilllmCnl of Mandy V:m Zytveld lIS Campu Lobby Directoc approved by 

consensus. 
- AIIocaIion ofS2S2.02to A.S. AdminiSlnllion for A.S. Council Posler Paints, from 

General Unallocated approved by consensus. 
- Allocaaion of $4SOO to A.S. Event Projl1lllll1linl, from General Unallocated 

poslponed unlillhe nexl meeting. 
- Alloc:ation oIS79.82to A.S. Propamminc for towets for perfonners from General 

Urollocated approved by consensus. 
- Alloc:Mion of $4500.00 10 A.S. Programming LcctIR Series from General 

Unallocated postponed until the next ~ting. 
- Alloc:aIion 0($770.04 to Medi;a Unallocated for darkroom supplics for the c:unpus 

media. from General Unallocated postponed until the nextmccting. 
- Allocation of S2723.57 10 Operations, Services and Enlerprises for 5.000 safety 

whistles. from General Unallocated postponed until the next meeting. 
- Reallocation of $5200 to Universily Events Office Co· Sponsored Events for 

Reggae Festival headlincr. Pato B:mton. from Publicity Programs Revolving Account 
:IppI'Oved by consensus. 

- Amendment 10 Financial bylaws, Article III from kMonthly" to "Qu:uterly" 
postponed until the next meeting. 

- Amendment to Council bylaws Section VI postponed until next meeting. 
• Senllo Finance Committee: 
- Approval of freezing Alpha Kappa Alpha's account until funher ootice. 
- Allocation ofSt ,189.99to Easl/West Currents from Media Unallocated. 
- Allocation of S 165.00 to Israel Action Coalition Programming Budget for Lecture 

on November 21, from the Sludent Organization Finance Board (SOFB) budget. 
- Allocation of$295.00 to Israel Action Coalition Operating Budget, from the SOFB 

budget. . 
- Allocation of S 112.00 to Israel Action Coalition Programming BUdget. from the ERRATUM Cultural Programming Board budjet. 
• Referred 10 p~ 
- Appointment of John Edson as UCSA Represent:ltive. 
- Appointment of Gloria Corral as Judicial Board Ch:lir. 
• Referred 10 Rules 
- Approval of ASUCSD Programming chaner. (Sec stOl")', page t) 

The article on the newly-founded Joumal of Environment and Development (Oct. 3) contained 
two errors in citation of the journal 's funding. The article should have stated that the journal 
received grants from the Institute on Global Conflict and Cooperation, the Institute of the 
Americas, and the Graduate Student Association. It should have also read that the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography and the International Relations and Pacific Studies only sponsor the 
journal, and do not give it direct funding. The Guardian regrets the error. 

UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS PRESENTS 
_ Balinese Music & Dance 

from San Francisco 

MELAN 
SEKAR 
JAYA 

OCTOBER 16 
WEDNESDAY 

8PM 
MANDEVILLE 
AUDITORIUM 

O·A$10 
SlVDENTS$6 

VCSD FACULTY. 
STAFF, SR.CIT. $8 

VCSD BOX OFACE 
53 .. • .. 559 

~~ .... @i. 
--.. a '=-:-
... ~ ... 

FACfORY OUTLET CLOTHING STORE 

UCSD's ONLY 
BACK TO SCHOOL CLOTHING SOURCE! 

NEW SHIPMENTS WEEKLY 
• I.U.'" _1Ip"""t • Tw'" 

• LJmIted • II"... 
• Mlny mort we CIIl't mention 

becaute our prtces are 10 low! 

A P PAR E L 
DESIGNER 
Z 0 N E 

QeEtf: Wed, ·Sat. 11 am· 7 pm • Sun. 12-5 pm 
8250 Camino Santa Fe (Just down the road) 

Go east on La Jolla ViHage Drive, 4 lights past Hwy. 80S, left on Camino Santa Fe 
450-3323 

We accept VISA, MASTERCARD, & AMERICAN EXPRESS 
EllPf.OYIIENT OPPORTIJNIT7E5-a11 DtJbrI S(x»I,,,. at 450-3324 

" 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

, 

COMMENTARIES 

Out of the 
Closet, 
Into the 
Lawbooks 

• Yeto of AB 101 will 
force many gays to stay in 
the closet out of the simple 

fear of losing their jobs 
By Daniel Calvi Mel Chandan Reddy 

Contributing Opinion Writers 
.,/ hear it was char.f(ed agaillst me thaf / sought to 

destroy institutions. 
Bill really I am neither!or 1I0r against illstitutiolls ... 

ForA8101: 
Wilson's veto. 

says that 
discrimination 
towards gays, 
lesbians, and ' 

bisexuals is not 
only acceptable, 

but legal 

Only / will establish ... 
Without any edifices or 
rule or trustees or allY 
argumelll. 
The illstitutioll of the demo 
love of comrades." 

- Walt Whitman, 
from Calamus 

We are not against the 
government. We arc against 
a bad decision. 

On Friday, Oct. 4, 1991. 
we rallied at the State build-
ing downtown in protest of 
a bad deci sion . Pete 
Wilson's veto of Assem-
bly Bill 10 I, a bill that 
would have prohibited dis-
crimination in the work-
place b!L~ed on sexual ori-

entation. was a bad decision. 
In academia. the univen;ity is our workplace. And 

us tudents we too have experienced the discrimina-
See RIGHTS, Page 5 

--~----------~--------------
The UCSDGuardian 

THE GAY RIGHTS BILL 

What is AB 101? 
• Currently, under the Califoma Fair 
En1Iloyment and ~ M.. ~ is unlawful to 
engage in specified ef11lloyment prdces, 
including hiring, promotion, and termination on 
the basis of race, religious creed, color, 
national or9n, nestry, physical hardcap, 
medical COIdIion, maiIaI staIUS, sex, Of age. 
AS 101 is a III proposed by State 
Assemblyman T any Friedmir1 wtictl would 
have amended !he 8fTllIoyment m housing 
act (as well as 0Iher laws) kJ add sexual 

• orientation to list 01 UrEwlul categories for 
discrimation. 

Why cId Governor WIIon 
veto .. .., 
• Wilson was faciIg political p-essure from 
the state GOP representalives m the 
religious rigt. ~ vetoed N3 1 01 , saying 1hat 
there were erlOIII1llaws in !he stale Iawbooks 
'> protect homosexuals against job m 
housing ciscrimination. 
He ;b) said that the bill would be 'bad for 
busiless" by placing an adverse tuden Or} 
employers, especially smal business 
employers. Wilson criticized N3 101 for 
having complex remedies and enforcement 
procedures and said thaI a simpler resolution 
would have been 'easily accepted.' 

Tbursday,~obcrl0,1991 

• The problem is not the 
veto ofAB 101, but 

unnecessary government 
intetference in the economy 

., .... BoydIuk 
Opinion Editor 

AB 101, the controversial Gay Rights Bill recently 
vetoed by Governor Pete Wilson, died a good death. 
Whatever conciliatory political aims the govemor may 
have been trying to 
achieve are irrelevant. 
Wilson did not cave into 
the so-called "religious 
right" - even though it 
would appear as such. 
What he did, rather, was 
prevent California busi-
ness from sustaining yet 
another unnecessary regu-
latory blow from the state 
and kept sexual preference 
- and all of its implica-
tions - a private matter. 

The prevailingconven-
tional wisdom that Wil-
son was attempting to re-
deem himself with the 
right-wing by vetoing the 
bill is absurd. A $7 billion 

ApInst AI 101 
The governor's 
veto of AS 101 
prevented more 

unnecessary 
regulation and 
kept sexual 
preference a 

private matter 
tax hike is a diffICult thing to forgive. especially for a 
party that considers taxesasevil a\ the Devil himself. By 
vetoing AS 101. Wilson succeeded only in alienating 

See REOULATION, Page 5 

Thursday, October 3, 1991 

REGULATION: Keep the state out 
Continued from page 4 
the moderates and the Left. The 
Righc had abandoned him months 
ago. Indeed, politically speaking, 

WiI~ is as dead as the bill he 
killed. 

Well, not quite dead. 
The chaos thal has ensued as the 

result of Wilson's political death 
rattle has been tragically ill-focused 
and misguided. The veto by no 
means gave 1ice6se to every bigot 
and gay-basher in the state to take to. 
the streets and assault homosexuals. 
Nor by any stretch of the imagina-
tion did Wilson's decision issue the 
metaphorical death wammtlO ev-
ery AIDS victim in California Con-
versely, the veto certainly didn't 
give disgruntled activists the right 
to riot in the streets. 

The question of civil rights for 
homosexuals is not for the state to 
resolve. AB 101 is rather reminis:-
cent of the feminist attempt in the 
early 1980s to implement legisla-
tiondefming"pornography"asany-
thing which portraxed women as 
submissive. The presence of ob-
scenity or nudity was not essential 
to proving that something was por-
nographic. 

A federal court struck the ordi-
nanc~ down, and rightly so. While 
the court acknowledged that vio-
lence against women is a real prob-
lem plaguing society today, it could 
not sustain the law. The court held 
that the regulation attempted to cre-
ate a state-sanctioned view of 
women - "thought control" as the 
court put it - and was therefore 
unconstitutional . 

AB 101 is similar in the sense 
that it would Creale a state-man-
dated view ofhomoscxuality, com-
pelling employers to throwaway 
their moral and ethical beliefs by 
force of law. Despite the assertions 
of the gay and lesbian community, 
homosexuality cannot bctreated the 
same as racial or sexual discrimina-
tion. 

Homosexuality involves moral 
questions which, for many people, 
have only one answer. The gay and 
lesbian community may be correct 
when it'Says that its lifestyle is not a 
choice but a way of life, just as the 
so-called "religious right" may be 
correct when it argues that homo-
sexuality is immoral and anti-fam-
ily. Each faction has its own abso-
lute position. Each has its own p0-
litical agenda. 

But it is 'not for the state - a 
secular and unerly inefficient deci-
sion-making entity by its very na-
ture-to answer these questions for 
society. Nor is it for any interest 
group to pander to politicians and 
ultimately undermine the public in-
terest. This is an issue which can 

. only be decided by the people. 
There can be no doubt that there 

are bigots and hate-mongers in thi 
world who are unwilling and seem-
ingly incapable of allowing people 
different from themselves to co-
exist in society unmolested. 

The rising tide of "political cor-
rectness" in this country is inevita-
bly doomed to failure because its 
proponents seek to reeducate the 
incorrect into their own image. If 

See REGULAOON, Page 6 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

RIGHTS: Veto of AB 101 reinforces homophobia 
Continued from page 4 
tion that is perpetuated by the insti-
tutionalized homophobiacreatcd by 
such bad decisions. 

The veto of AB 101 reinforces 
this institutionalized homophobia 
on our campus in such a way that 
the coming out of a member of the 
faculty or staff is made even more 
problematic - not only must they 
deal with the moral judgements of 
their colleagues and superiors, but 
also they must face the reality of the 
termination of their economic live-
lihood. 

Wilson's veto conveys to the 
public that discrimination toward 
gays, lesbians, and bisexuals is not 
only acceptable, but legal. 

And it is this forced closetedness 
of faculty and staff at UCSD that 
deprives us of queer role models 
and queer studies. We are deprived 
of a full -timed, staffed gay/le bian/ 
bisexual resource center. We are 
deprived of a sufficient collection 
of queer literatures and periodicals 
in our libraries. 

And most of all, we are de-
prived of the formal and adminis-
trative recognition as people of an 
underrepresented population de-
serving attention in areas of out-
reach, recruitment, retainment, and 
special services provided to other 
culturally-based, underrepresented 
organizations(i.e. MEChA,AASU. 
APSA, NASA). 

At UCSD, we are privileged, as 
difficult as that has been m!lde for 
us, to be openly gay. However, we 
realize that after graduation the 
privilege of being openly gay is a 

An Inside view: 
At UCSD, we are 

privileged, as difficult 
as that has been 

made for us, to be 
openly gf1f. However, 
we realize that after 
. graduation the 
privilege of being 

openly gay is a luxury 
that musN>e 

deliberated with every 
application we 

submit, with every 
interview we t)ave, 

with every promotion 
we are up for. 

IUllury that must bedeliberated with 
every application we submit, with 
every interview we have, with ev-
ery promotion we are up for. 
Wilson's bad choice has insured 
this. 

To think that it isa privi lege to be 
openly gay at an on-campusjob. to 
be allowed to even write this com-
mentary in the Guardiall, to be given 
a chance to speak out ata rally in the 

Price Center supporting AB 101 
and measures like it, we are re-
minded of the excessive 
heterosexism on our campus. 

To be visible, ,to write and be 
read, to be outspoken and to be 
heard are not allowances or 
privileges, but rights. These actions 
are not gifts that we should feel 
grateful and indebted for, but rather 
rights that are inherent of all people 
on this campus. At UCSD we are 
ollly privileged. 

Wilson's veto of AS 101 forces 
gays, lesbians, and bisexuals on the 
job or seeking employment to be 
secretive about their partners. Thus 
maliciously attempting to perpetu-
ate a popularized conception that a 
secretive love between two men or 
two women obViously stems from 
their hame and admittance of their 
perversion. This is wrong. His mis-
conception that gay love and les-
bian love is not the " traditional fam-
ily" of 1950s America that he spoke 
of to an audience of dignitaries at 

St~lnford University- "a sacred 
union born from romantic love"-
is not only unacceptable politics 
(Californians favored the bill). but 
completely homophobic. 

EI'erythillg 'about our love for 
one another is romantic, and we 
rally and protest Wilson's veto to 
protect our "dear loveof comrades." 

The absolute ridiculousness of 
Wilson's politics is, above all else, 
his perception that AB 101 needs a 
vote. that AB 101 needed his signa-
ture, or that AB 10 I was debatable 
in any sense. Human rights are not 
negotiable. 

THE N HAS LANDED 

• ® 

NeXT Team and See the New Machine. 

OCTOBER 15, 1991 
UCSD BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER CENTER 534 -4291 
OPEN: MOM· FRI lAM -. PII AND SAT 10AII- 4 PII 



6 OPINION 'lbc UCSD G....-dian Thunday, October 10, 1991 

WELCOME !lACKI REGULATION: Give gay rights decision to voters 
ENJOY SOUTHERN SpecW"''' In 
CALIfORNIA'S c:hMbIoIIed meats. 

FAVORITE Md~ 
Items. Only the 

MEXICAN freshest. 
TAQUERIAI heIIChIest. ind 
No additives. matt IUlhentic 
preservative. Ot rood for our 
inlmII fats. CUIlIomers. 

WHEIl YOU ALWAYS CilT • oom Off· ANY lEO' U 
PU:ED MIMI MM, ANYI1ML JUST PUSlNI' YOUR UC5D ID. 

NO"SERrlNG r----------
PITCHERS I Save over $1 00 I 

__ O_F_' _EE_R_' _ : Chic .. 0dsIM $249 : 
8650 Genesee I Gou .... 1untIo I 

ContJnued from ..... 5 
anything sood is to come out of this 
newfound sensitivity, it will not 
come from a like-minded majority 
of politically correct ideologues: 
rather, mainstream America will 
change its attitude toward people it 
has considered to be different. and 
recommit itself to respecl for al/ 
individuals. 

Thi change will not t ome as a 
result of government decree. It 
would indeed be folly for the state 
assembly and the governor to allow 
Ihis polilical nightrnate 10COlllinue. 
The best possible solution to the 
maner of lay rights i to let the 
mechanismsofdemocrncyruntheir 
proper course. 

Place the bill on the baliOl as a 
state referendum, as its supponers 
suggest. Let the vocers decide. If a 
majority of the population supports 

such legislalion, as its proponents 
suggest, then it should have little 
trouble passing. 

For the time being, instead of 
placing our confidence in the hands 
of the stale. we must have faith in the 
free market to determine society's 
course.lr$eadofSlagingWllUlypro-
lests,breakingwindows,throwingfruit 
and shocking the general public with 
outrageous behavior which will only 
erode pocentiaI support, the gay and 
lesbianoommunityought 10 reveal the 
true offenders. 

Show the public which busi-
nesses discriminate against homo-
sexuals, and the public will decide if 
it wishes to cont inue to support those 
businesses. And if the market dic-
tates that homophobia and bigOlry 
are unacceptable, then those busi-
nesses will have no choice but 10 
change their ways. This is simple 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

But to otherwise ask the state 10 
enforce some son of elusive notion 
offairness Otegalitarianism is to ask 
it to overstep its bounds. The debale 
over homosexuality and all of its 
implications will not be pUl to rest 
here. It is clear. especially in recent 
years, that the gay and lesbian com-
munity wants a greater piece of the 
American pie- something to which 
it may well be entitled. 

But. fair or not, the gay and les-
bian community will not ~ve lhe 
legitimacy it so ~rately seeks 
until society accepIs thai its lifestyle 
i5 a powerful presence that caDIlOI 
simply be frightened back into the 
closet. The state's interference with 
suchbillsasAB 101 will only hinder 
the process. Direct democracy and 
faith in the market is me only way to 
find out for sure. 

In the C::~~ Center I = Iuntto I 
For }'OIl' CCllWel'lIence GIll ihe.Id I ,. ...... .., _........... a.. I 

• --,.,...- ~ I 455-7229 ~ 10130e1 ~ Guardian Again Shows a Bias Toward RIMAe L-_____________________ ~ 

AUTOPORT MAll MIRAMAR 

~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUOI 

Service & Repair 
Master. Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------: 20% D!~S~~!.lW2 : 

I 'Mus! pr~1 coupon onct void lJCSD 10 oIltme 01 ettmate. I I No! void """" majOr engine 0I1r0l'tll'niui0rl oepah. I 
I l!tl CAU' IE~ I 
: . 11450-94941. : 
I alt._ -- I 
I I 
I If Vou Have Friends wHh VW's, Ask Them I 

. I .About Us; If They Haven't Discovered I 

Editor: 
The UCSD Guardia" has never 

been known for taking a critical view 
of the administration or the UC Re-
gents, but you have sunk toa new low 
in yourediloriaJ (''1lle Mon~terThat 
Would NOI Die," Monday, Sqx. 30) 
favoring the regents' approval of the 
intramural and events facility known 
asRIMAC. 

You admit Ihat the "election 's 
outcome was questionable" -
indeed.ayear-and-a-halfaftercom-
plaints were filed, not a single hear-
ing has taken place, yet you still 
endorse the facility's construction. 

The structure, when completed, 
will cost each and every UCSD stu-
dent S21 0 a year, yet you find little 
reason to re i t lhe increase. Appar-
ently. fun and games are more im-
portant to you than keeping public 
education in California affordable. 

Of course, yOt; nobly ask. the A.S. 
Office ofExtemal Affairs to lobby for 
a Studenl Fee Funded Facilities bill in 
the tale legi lalUre to "ensure that 
another RlMAC-esquedebacJe" does 
not happen again. 

Then again. the Guardian has 
consistently editorialized in favor of 
the R1MAC proposal, stating many 
times that while proper procedures 
were not followed, that was no rea-

You've heard about it, no~ 
try it. Bungee Jumpi"B at its 
best-from a hot a .. ; bidloon! 

If the Nih of a' free .... 1 

will. 
't thrill you, the rebound 

Go ahead, rYe younelf a 
thrill of a lifetime. You" M 
bouncing back for more. 

Cltll "., for _ ,;..., Ii'" 
I«Rtio", b pw.i irrforwuttiort 
011 b"Hg~~ j"."K. I Us Vet, Ask Us For References. I BONZAI BUNGEE 

I 5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT nRE I (8.8) Ml-7I'n L ____________________ .I ... __________ .. 

son to correct the error by imple-
menting the obvious solution -
holding a second vOle in which pro-
cedures are followtd. 

In this light. the Guardian ap-
pears very cynical indeed - make 
the rules fairer as long as it does not 
affect our pet project. And if you 
think students would volunlarily add 
another·S21010 their fees ifanOlher 
vote were held this qualter.1 have a 
bridge to sell you. 

Yet you are even more cynical 

when you write, "The regents ig-
nored the students' pleas in this case, 
and rightly so." Even if you believe 
the regents' decision was correcl , 
they clearly were wrong 10 ignore 
what our student representatives had 
to say. Next time the regents in-
crease parking fees or registration 
fees, [ hope lhe Guardian is nOl so 
hypocrilical a~ 10 complain lhat stu-
dent concerns were oot taken inlo 
account. 

Steve Dubb 

The UCSD Guardian welcomes your letters and commen-
taries. Drop your letter at the Guardi..an offices (on the second 
floor of the old Student Center, above the General Store) or 
mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
Guardian 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA, 
92092-0316 

Letters should be typed, double-spaced, and must include 
a name and a phone number. Unsigned letters will not be 
printed. All letter writers will be contacted to verify their 
identities. We reserve the right to edit for length and clarity. 

The views expressed in signed letters or commentaries do 
not necessarily represent the opinions of The UCSD Guard-
ian, the University of California or the Associated Students. 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complet. Co .... I_ 
Daily Soft Leues Extended Son Lenses 

$159 $199 
ConIplet. 
Daily pi penn. bird 

ca.."p'..-r .... 11'ON 27...... 281 .. .. ~58"aaimftOlll Mea Blvd. 3938 AdIma Ave. 
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • SaL IO-S 

Thursday, October 10, 1991 

E5TA 
ConIInued ........ 1 
get it all cleared up," he said. 

But according to Nakahara, last 
year's denial of the Betas was fair 

• and following lFC p~edures, He 
said they reviewed over 20 applica-
tions for lFC status at UCSD lasl 
year from national fralernities. Of 
those. the IFCselecled five finalists, 
including the Belas. 

Of those five~ three wi I! be ad-
mitted, including Phi Gamma Delta 
this Winter. Alpha Tau Omega in 
1994, and Kappa Alpha in 1996. 
The IFC did not plan to admit the 
Betas anytime in the next six years. 

The IFC looked al several as-
pects of the fratemities 10 determine 
theiracceptance, Nakahar.lsai9. The 
applicants needed tobeslrong, "pr0-
active" national fratemitie , capable 
of checking up on each olher. 

Applicants also needed to be in-
novative and have a strong alumni 
base in San Diego, Nakahara said. 

All criteria needed to be met for 
consideration by the IFC, that made 
up the IFC. 

Despite the IFC' sdecision. "over 
the summer the administration de-
cided over our heads," according to 
Nakahara. 

Becauseofthat. "I'm ure there , s 
some resentment," Nakahara said. 
He said a few of the fr.llemity presi-
dents he has spoken to resent the 
administrative move, since "Ihey 
feel the sovereignty of lhe whole 
fralemilY sy tern [at UCSDJ ha 
been put to the test." 

Nakaham also said some resent-
ment terns from the way the Belas 
pushed for membership. "You have 
to have respect forthe organizat ions 
you are trying to join," he said of the 
Betas. 

Nakahara admilted. though, Ihat 
he felt the Betas were "caught in a 
bind." The Belas ex isted on campus 
without follOwing the [FC expan-
sion policy, and thus were ineligible 
to join. 

The UCSD Guardian 

"'Ibey were caught in a catch-
22." he said. 

De La Cruz said the Betas don't 
want the resentment. "We' re not 
out to step on anyone's toes," he 
said. 

Instead, according to De La Cruz. 
the Betas wanl 10 work positively 
within theexislingsystem. Tensions 
will be eased, hesaid, by "following 
all the policies [oflhe IFCJ," and by 
doing "as well as possible." 

The Betas also hope to inlprove 
the UCSD greeks, he said, becau. e 
"we want the greek system to be 
more unified, le~ ompetilive, and 
more cooperative. We hope our ac-
ceptanceon campus will bea slep in 
thaI direclion." 

The Betas begin thei r rush on 
Sunday. The late rush is intended 10 
protecl fledgling fralernities unable 
to compele with more established 
ones. De La Cruz said. 

The Betas currently have ten 
members and four alumni mem-
bers. according to DelaCruz. 

Compiled by Kent Korzon, SenIor Staff Wtlter 
Wednesday, October 1: .. 
10:30 C/ .III .: A 45-year-old non-affitiale was arrested for using a forged disablcd person 's placard In Lot 603. nle suSpeCI was clled 
and reteased. 
7:05 p.III .: A staff member reponed the 3ltempled theft of a telcphone from UCSD Day Can: Ccnler. 
Thursday, October 3: . . ' d' 
I I (I.m.: A non-affiliate suffered a head injury at the UCSD Price Center and was takcn 10 Scnpps Memonal Hosp"al by paramc ICS. 
4:20 p.m.: A student reponed the burgtary of stereo equipment from a vehicle in Lot 305. Loss $4 t5. 
5:15 p.III.: A student reponed the theft ofa 1983 Chevy from Lot 305. Loss: $4.000. 
Friday, Oclober 4: 
8:0~a.m.: A student reponed the burgtary of an office at Urey Hatt. Loss: $500. . 
4 :40 p.m.: A student reponed lhe burgtary of a 1990 GMC in Lot 305. Loss: $ t 50 In damages. 
Salurday, Oclober 5: . 
9:05 0 ./11 .: San Diego tifeguards reponed burgtary to the SID lifeguard tower: Loss: $2.080. 
II :50 am.: A student reponed the theft of a hammock from a patio at the ThIrd Apanments. Loss: $60. 
2:40 p.m.: A choking fivc·year-otd chitd was taken to Scripps Memoriat Hospitat by paramed.'cs. 
4 :38 p.m.: A non-af~liaie was injured in a single-car accident aI Russell Road and Meyers Dnve. 
The victim was taken to Scripps Memorial by paramedICS. . 
5 :30 pm.: A 34-year-old non-affilialC was arrested at Oasis for outstanding warrants. The suspect was CIted and reteased. 
Sunday, October 6: 
2 :30 am.: A Sludent reponed a threatening phone call at the Mesa Apanments. 
2:40 p.m.: A non-affiliate reported the theft of a wallet from the Canyon~iew pool. Loss; $38. 
2:58 p.m.: A student reponed receiving an obscene phone calls at the ThIrd ApanmenlS. 
2:58 pm.: A student reported the theft ofa university-owned VCR from the Chc! Cafl!. Loss: $250. 
6:33 p.m.; A non-affitiale reported the thell of a 1979 Ford pick-up truck from Lot 208. Loss: 55.000. 
Moaday, October 7: . 
9:30 a.m.: A staff member reponed vandalism to a window 31 the Career ServIces center. 
9:36 a.m.: The CHP recovered the t979 Ford sWlen from UCSD on tOl6l91. . ., . 
10:51 a.m.: A minor-injury vehicle accident occuned in LoI305. One victim was taken to Scnpps Memonal Hospital by paramedICS. 
10:55 a.m.: A staff member reponed the theft of a purse from the Price Center. Loss : $55. 
2:35 p.m.: A staff member reponed the theft of a telephone from MAAC. Loss: unknown. 
3:02 p.m.: A student reponed the theft of bicycle pedals from a bicycle aI Bonner Halt. Loss; $75. 
Tuesday, October 8: • . ... 
3:42 p.m .: Two t9-year-old non-affiliales were arrested for assault WIth a deadly weapon lIl~o.lvl.ng 3 hate C~I~C 
and for poaeuion of a bitty club aI the Gilman Infonnation Booth. There were no reponed IIlJunes 10 the VICUon. 
The suspects were taken to County Jail. 
6:23 p.m.; A faculty member reponed the theft of a Toshiba Computer from BSB. Loss; $3950 . 
• Between October 2 and October 7. seven bicycles were stotcn froon campus, at 3 total toss of $3,544. 

:7/oQ)ers & 9ijis 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

an Diego. CA 92122 
558·6666 

You're Invite 10 a very special 
CUT-A-TliON 10 raise funds for 
one fA our dear friends and 
favorite hairstylist here in San 
Diego. 

Vlcki's battle with cancer must 
be woo. Proceeds from all 
haircuts and the purchase 0( 
Paul Mitchell Salon Haircare 
Products will help Vicki win her, 
fight against this me stealing 
disease. 

Participating Salcll$ 
ESSENCE Salon 01 La Jolla 
YEAASAHEAD 
PACFlCA Hair Studio 
SALOHFIX 

NEWS 7 

FREE 
·DOIEN 

CARNATIONS 
.. 

"lCh pun.hl..'oC I,{:" IO Uf tl'MlI'C 
\ul ~jdtJ ~'Ih .. n) tllh('rn(fl.,. 
, .. ".",9 J<l,91 

-lI'tDeUver 
woridWidt· 

·A· 
THON 

PAUL MTO-£LL . 
SALON HAIACARE PAOOucTS 

PLACE: Salon FIX 
M30 Scnonlon Road 
Sult.NIOS 
(NIno M ••• Exit off 
111.105) 

DATE: Sunday. 
OCTOBER 13lh 

TIME: 9:30a", TO 5:00pm 

For Inform.tlon pi .... cOllI: 
453-0575 

MInimum ""rcut don.tIon Sl5 

ARENTION 
STUDENTS 

Complete Automotive Repairs 

ov-:JOHN'S 
W1;lllBJ~CARI . 
SERVICE 

located at 
8040 Miramar Rd. 

685-0700 
Open All Day Saturday 

10% OFF ON LABOR 
With \iliid student or stilH ID 

Free ride home or to school 
within 10 miles 

Japanese 
European 

& Domestic 

Visa 
MIIteIcIrd 

ClIsco¥er 
American Elqnss 



8 NEWS 

tblll· ..... teIL 
Before your lleXl balr IJP~ tbl,,11 
about these questiolts ... 
Q. 

Q. 

Whal is YOll r bair doing 
thaI you want illO 
co1llinlle doing? 

What is yo"r bair 
doing Ibar )'OlI don 'l 
wanl illO be do inJl. ? 

Q. Would) II like some-
tbing new and diffflrenl ? 

Look your best ever. 
Webave 

''Artists tbat Listen. /I 
Mens Cuts Womens Cuts 
$4.00 OFF $5.00 OFF 

IReg.S21.00) IReg.S26.001 

The UCSD Guardian 

Ladies, 

Do you suffer from feminine yeast infection? 

You «*l bdp improve femioiDc heaIlbcarc optionl by JWtldpatina in a 
raeM:b study on a new cram for ,east infcctionL 

, Ir you c:unent/y bavc a yeast infection, pIc8IC caD NadoDal CIbdcaI 
RneardI Ceaten. 

Qualified JlIInicipanll reclCive 
FREE QUAUTY MEDICAL ATIEN110N, 

wbicb includes: 

. a limited pelvic examination 

. aU study medication 

In addition, qualified \'OIuntcen wiD be compensated upon completion of 
tbellUdy. 

Please call us at l.lJOO-666.. 7117. We look forward to workioa with you. 

Sincerely, 

NCRC 

P.s. Mt* II dllfrtw-"lM fU1we 01 frminiM 1tetlhItc-. 
P.s.s. ....... about how yt* Cdrt r«dvc Q rtfrrrtII botuul 

._ ..... 

..... I 

I 

Thursday, October 10,1991 

SCHNURER 
ContInued from .... 1 

"We can ' t take into con ider-
Ilion each person's financial situa-
tion, it's just not fair." he said. 

Vice President of Finance Jo-
seph Cassar said that after much 
discus.~ion. the finance committee 
failed to recommend the stipend 
increu.'iC proposal, arguing that "sti-
pends aren't merit pay." 

Agustin Orozco. A.S. President. 
said that he agreed that a reslructur-
ing of the position needs to take 
place. "I do not support [the stipent 
increase proposal] at all.'· 

Later. Orozco proposed Ihat 
Schnurer's letter of resignation and 
Ihe $240 a week stipend proposal 
was "a bargining chip." 

University Center Board (UCB) 
Cbair Molly McKay offered a dif-
ferent point of view. 

"[Schnurerlmatters onourcam-
pus and his disappearance will re-
ally have an effeq on the morale of 
this campus. Matt's activilies more 
Ihan make up for the money Ihat 
he's asking for." 

"There's nobody that's going to 
put in the kind of time and expertise 
that he does," she argued. 

Schnurer said that he felt lhe 
postponement of the stipend in-
crease proposal to be "adequate," 
but that a change in the program-
ming structure is necessary. 

Schnurer said thai a program-
ming siaff, as well as a properly 
compensated director for this staff. 
needs to be implemented this year. 

"Nooneshould be afraid to make 
changes in the middle of the year. If 
they aren't made now, the problem 
will pers~t." he said. 

GSA 
ContInued from .... 1 
address at an upcomingdiMet"with 
UC President David Gardner. 
Fenton noted that student input is 
still being sought on topics of con-
cem for graduate students relevant 
to the entire UC ,system. 1bese 
issues should be submitted to the 
GSAoftice(StudentCenterA,room 
201.1) by Friday, October II. 

Fenton summarized the latest 
developments in the ongoing saga 
of the RecreationaI/lntermurai Ath-
leticEventsCenter(RIMAC). Last ' 
month, Fenton and other students 
urged the UC RegentsFi nanceCom-
mince to strike down the plan to 
buildthe recreational facility, funded 
primarily by student fee increases. 
The regents' vote, however, was 5 
to I in favor of the current building 
plan. 

The GSA, through its advocacy 
program, hopes to lobby for a bill 
currently in the stale Assembly 
which would limit the regents' in-
fluence over projects like RIMAC. 
AD 1884 would allow fee funded· 
facilities to be run by students. The 
GSA is considering drafting a simi-
lar proposal and presenting it to the 
Regents. 

The next meeting of the GSA 
will be held on October 22 in the 
Student Leadership Conference 
R09fII (Third Aoor of the Price 
Center) at six p.m. 

Thursday, October 10, 1991 

BITS 
ContInued from pace 16 

• For a team that chokes more 
than Heimlich, the Toronto Blue 
Jays were awfully confident before 

, the series staned. 
• Shawon Dunston forS3 million 

a year? The madness continuq. If 
Dunston - the Bud Black of 1991 
- is worth that much, what'sBobby 
Bonilla going to conunand? He's 
twice as productive and far more 
reliable. 

• 1be Oakland A' s would be 
wise to sign Bonilla and then trade 
Jose Canscco foradominantpitcher. 
Bonilla will probably cost just as 

. much, and he's not nearly the head 
case that Canseco is. 

" Postseason award time. AL 
MVP: Cecil Fielder - the big, big 
guy kept the Tigers in the race for 
most of the year. NL MVP: Bobby 
Bonds - baseball's newest super 
stud put it together for two years in 
a row and that 's rare. 

NL Cy Young: Tom Glavine -
and he's a Brave. AL Cy Young: 
Bryan Harvey - 46 saves for the 
Angels. They won 46 games? Amaz-
ing. Put Scon Erickson's first half 
and Kevin Tapani 's second half to-
gether and they (he?) would have 
won, but... 

Manager ---of the Year: Stump 
Merrill - just kidding. I like the 
name so much and I was afraid I'd 
never get to use it again. Really, 
Tom Kelly. Granted, Bobby Cox 
did some kind of job, but Kelly 
guided the Twinkies to first in 
baseball's toughest division when 
they should have finished last 

AL Rookie of the Year: none. 
Nobody deserves it. Frank Thomas 
does, but according to MLB rules, 
he's not a rookie. Juan Gonzalez 
does, but according to MLB rules, 
he's not a rookie. So nobody de-
serves it. 

NL Rookie of the Year: I spent 
five minutes trying to think of NL 
rookies and all I could corne up with 
is .. . Paul Faries? Naaaah. 

"_What team hasn'l been offered 
Bobby Humphrey? 

• Aorida State might be the best 
college football team of the last de-
cade.1be Seminoles have the tough-
est schedule in the nation, and yet 
they are simply annihilating their 
opponents. 

1be offense is one of the most 
explosive college football has ever 
seen, and the defense simply smoth-
ers opponents with its speed and 
strength. 

Furthermore, their entire back-
field - Casey Weldon, Amp Lee 
and Edgar Bennen - could make 
first-team All-American. 

Yet, it is very likely that Aorida 
State will not win the national cham-
pionship. 

It still has to play Miami (Aa.) 
and Aorida-twomurderousgames 
foranyteam,doublysofortheSemi-
noles because those games are for 
local bragging rights. 

Should the Seminoles lose, the 
polls - being as fICkle-as they are 
- would probably drop them a 
couple of notches, opening up the 
door for some team like Washing-
ton to lay claim to the fictional title. 

And that's a shame, because if 
both teams were playing at their 
best, the Seminoles would run the 
Huskies right off the field. 

The idea of dropping teams in 
the rankings simply because of one 
loss is silly. With the number of 
quality programs now in college 
football, it is just too hard for teams 
playing any son of r~sptclable 
schedule to go undefeated. 
_ • ~ Jiclduc;b1 XWa. 

The UCSD Guardian 

IE AllAR ON 
MKNIGHTS a 
WARRIORS" 
..... ,., .. rv ..... 
Men and Women 18 years old 
'II'~~~.J and over wUh outstanding athletic 

ability. If you have outstanding 
athletic ability, stamina, speed, 
agility. brains, brawn and great 
personality, bring It (along with 

I -

SPORTS 9 

DO YOU SUllO. ROM 

ASTHMA? . 
Volunteels needed for asthr'na study. All testing and 

study medications are free. Qualified partidpants 

will be ~d up to $ 250 for complete partidpatlon. 
skates, safety pads and helmet) to our OPEN AUDITION: CALL 436-3988 

UlWMY, OCI_12, 10 ...... 4,.... 
.............. , ..................... , .......... CA (ask for Kelly or janet) 

/ 

For more Info caU Carol (Da)IIN7_ WIftII w. PIeskow. MD. Asthma and T~ent and Researdl Center 

Want to Know Where 
Your Liberal Arts Degree 

Can Lead? 
Your bachelor's degree, combined with a Master's from the Annenberg School 
for Communication, can take you into a management career in mass media , 

telecommunications, public policy, corporate communication, and more. 
Here's what some recent graduates of Annenberg's M.A. program are doing: 

Paramount Pictures 
Vice-President, TV Programming 
Walt Disney Co. 
Analyst, International TV Marketing 

MCM/UA 
Director, European Sales & Marketing 
International Home Video 
J. Walter Thompson 
Sr. Account Executive 
Price Waterhouse 
Senior Telecommunications Consultant 

Abbeville Press 
New Projects-Editor 
Warner Bros. Records 
Coordinator, International Publicity 
Black Entertainment Television 
Director of Operations and 

Business Development · 

Goldman, Sachs & Co. 
Senior Telecommunications Analyst 

The Learning Channel 
Vice President, 

Affiliate Sales & Marketing 
National Cable TV Association 
Director, State & Local 

Regulatory Issues 

Thbune Broadcasting 
Strategic Planning Analyst 
Pacific Telesis . 
Director, Strategic Analysis 
Federal Communications Commission 
Analyst, Legal Affairs 

Capital Cities I ABC 
Research Manager 
American Diabetes Association 
Public Affairs Director 

Your graduate education at the Annenberg School, USC, includes a choice among 30 seminars in 
communications management. Here are some offerings that serve different career interests: 

Law and Public Policy; International Communications; Communications 
Technologies; Diffusion of Innovations; Communication in Organizations; 
Business Strategies of Communication Industries; Media in Social Services; 
Arts and the New Media; Communication Research; Economics of Communication. 

Scores of other courses throughout the University can also be used in completing your seven· course 
program. 

Los Angeles is a world capital of communications; Annenberg's Career Development Office helps 
you get internships for on-the-job learniQg. Supervised internships are also available in Washington, 
D. C. Extensive alumni network works in behalf of graduates. 
•••••.••••••••••••••••••....•.••••••.....••••••..•.••..••••.......•..•...........•..•...................................•..••• 

Please send me more information. 
Nrune ______________________ ~ __________________________ ~ ________ _ 

Address __________________________________________________________ __ 

City/State/Zip __________________________ _ 

CunrenUyAtteoomg ________________________ __ 

MAIL TO: The Annenberg School for Conununication 
3502 South Hoover Street, University of Southern California, Los AngeleS, California 90089-0281 



10 SPOB.TS The UCSD Guardian 

Da1Jl 

\. 

Dav3 

TImnday, October 10, 1991 

[);r) McOawllllCiuwN1 
Vikki Van Duyne had six digs last night against UCR, but she could only 
manage fIVe kills In 19 attempts. Elizabeth Tan led UCSD with sellen kills. 

w. V-BALL 
ContInued from pa&e 16 
made its charge. Again, the Tritons 
were unable to stop them and lost 
the game as well as the match. 

11Je Tritons were also ahead in 
the first game before the Highland-
ers stormed back to win il. 

Although Dannevikdidn' t "feel 
bad about the I1J3tch," he did point 
out that the Tritons would "get a 
lead and just [couldn ' t) seem to 
fini sh it." 

SENIORS 
ContInued from PICe 16 
their distinguished careers on a high 
note. 

And now, Jason "Turtle" Brown 
and fellow senior Greg Goodrich 
have returned to the pool. 

1989 was a milestone in the his-
tory of the UCSD men's water polo 
team, as the Tritons became the first 
team in the history of Division 1II to 
gain a berth in the NCAA nationals. 
Five players from that squad tallied 
50 or more goals, as the Tritons 
finished sixth at nationals. 

But every upside has its down-
side. Five players graduated and 
one decided a Mormon mi!;Sion was 
in his benerinterests. That left Brown' 
and Goodrich facing a potentially 
all-new squad in 1990 - and little 
possibility of matching 1989. Bless 
the redshin rule. 

"We wanted to go out with a 
winning season," Goodrich said. 

According to Head Coach Denny 
Harper, the two players approached 
him with the idea after having made 
the decision that they wanted to go 
through t~ir final year together. 

And so they sat. And waited. But 
now they're back - and leading a 
squad which Brown said "might 
have more offensive talent that the 
'89 team." 

At the forefront of that offensive 
talent, of course, are Brown and 
Goodrich. Brown is the two-meter 
man. He said he got his nickname 
because of his lack of swimming 
prowess. 

That did not stop him from earn-
ing second-team All-American hon-
ors 'two years ago. According to 
Head Coach Demy Harper. Brown 
was one of the top 13 players in the 
counll)' at the time. 

Goodrich, on the other hand, is 

Dannevik added that he thought 
the Tritons "out-hustled and out-
played [UCRJ. We deserved to win 
the match." 

Several Tritons played well in 
the contest. • 

Inpatticular, Dannevik noted that 
the middle blockers. Elizabeth Tan 
and Heather Holtzclaw, "did an ex-
cellent job." 

Tan finished with seven kills, 
three digs and seven blocks, 
Holtzclaw had five kills, three digs 
and six blocks. 

the team 's main ball handler and 
leads the counter-attack. The pair's 
experience and leadership has al-
ready madeitselfevidentlnarnatch 
against Pepperdine this year, it was 
Goodrich who sparked a late UCS D 
rally with two goals and a sensa-
tional assist that led to another goal. 

C:urrentJy. UCSD is ranked 11th 
in the counll)'. The TritonS are com-
ing off a big win over Western Water 
Polo Association rival Air Force at 
the Claremont College Tournament 
And the potential that the pair had 
hoped would lead to bigger and 
better things is beginning to take 
over. 

"We gained so much with the 
new guys," Goodrich said. ''The 
great thing about this team is that we 
really are well-balanced. Some 
teams have one guy thai scores 100 
goals a season, and yet they have a 
losing record. We're not like that. 
To win. you have to playas a team 
and make it a toralteam effon. 

"Guys have their own roles. their 
own little niche," he said. 

"We'reshowing real strong signs 
of improvement," Harper said. One 
sign was the Tritons' win over Air 
Force. Others were the narrow losses 
to Pepperdine and USc. Both play-
ers feel that UCSD is on the verge of 
something big. 

h is somewhat ironic that the 
potential has been transferred from 
the individual players of the 1990 
squad to the entire 1991 team. That 
potential could be realized some-
time soon - pemaps in upcoming 
key games against UC Irvine. iop-
ranked Cal or second-rJllked UCLA. 
In any event, both Goodrich and 
Brown know that something special 
is on the horizon. 

"At any given time. we can just 
go off. We have so much raw tal-
ent," Goodrich said. 

1banday, October 10, 1991 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Reaulatlons: 

·SeooTHEIiN11tVONAJO III/2" . v 11 - UBTOF 
'AIII. Al.ONO wm. YOUI NA.... Y'£Aa IN ICHOOL.. 
IIOOIIIOWN, COLl.8DE YOU ATnICI AT UCSD ........ 
AND _ NU ..... roo Sroorn Eorroo. UCSD 
0.,,,,,,,, ..... 9SOO G ......... 00" .... 0316. L. Jot.u.. 
CA 9W93'()316. YOUCAH ALSO DIIOI' rrOlO"NT1t6 
Sloan Eonoot 's lOX AT .... G U ..... "" ClA'IC£. 
LOCAlED IN T1tE 5'nJDUfTCEHT1iR. Ac..-.oss ftIOMnte 
on •. 

'Au UCSD ST\JOEI<TS. STAPF. AND ,AC\Jt.TY 
AU WOCIUi TO EHTU. EX"'" """ GuAADwo Sf,.,.. 
..... ... ANO E....."VW 01' BJ ', CHICAOO PIzzE-
RIA. 

·T..., I'£&SON WHO COMES UP w ml 11IE N()ST 
coaltfCT ANSWOS. AS DETU;MINm IY THE JlJDGES. 
WIJ. IE OE:Cl..AaED THE GlANO rtuu WtNNEA AND 
wu. K I ECOOHIZfl) WHEH niB OUlZ Ij rtUNTlD 11i2 
RlLWWINQ w EEK. "" lltE EVENT OF A TlE. A I:HlA WINO 
WILl. IS KEI..D TO OE'I"f.RMINIi. me WrNp.a. Tuos 
COUf£T EJrO'a.IES r<rr SELf£TEO AS TH6 ORANO .... lZ£ 
WINNO wtu.. IE CONSIDfJtED aUNNERSMUP, 

oONLV ONE EHTlIV PO I'fJtSON ... OUIZ. No 
MASS-PIO>UCEI) EN'1"aIES WILL IE ACCEI'fED. E/'IfRIES 
.. UST .. ATTH£ G UAlDIAN IV NOON W EDN£SDAY. 

.THEOItANO " IZ£ WIN1'ER W1LL IlECEJYE A AlEE 
~NEIII'OII "'0 AT Brs CHICAOO PIZWI.A. R UN-
NUS.uP WILL IlECItIVE A AlEE rrrcHF..J: OF MtC'tIELOIt 
DoAPTIWI. OCt SODA. AT BJ ' S.I..OCATEO IN L.JOlLA 
VII.lAUE SQuARE. A UST OF ALL WIN NEJ.$ wu. ae 
P()S'm) AT BJ's EACH W[EX AND WINNERS N~ TO 
SHOW loamF'tCATtON TO CLAIM ra.1ZES. 

This week's questions: 
L What was the nickname of 
Memphis' old USFL team? 
2. Who is the manager of the Bos-
ton Red Sox? 
3. Who won the World Series in 

1987~ 
4. Who were the starting pitchers 
inGame I of the 1991 ALChampi-
onship series? 

5. Who coined the phrase. "Nice 
guys finish last?" 
6. Who was the number one pick 
in the 1991 NFL Draft? 
7. What is the mascot of New 
Jersey's NHL team? 
8. True or false: Don Zinvnerwas 
suspended for gambling on base-
ball. 
9. What city or state had the Out-
laws as its USFL team? 
10. What is the record of the UCSD 
women's volleyballleam? 
Last week's questions: 
1. What was the nickname of 
Pittsburgh ' s old USFL team? 
Maulers 
2. When was the last time the 
Atlanta Braves won the NL West? 
1982 
3. Who won the NL batting crown 
lasl year? Willie McGee 
4. Who i the head coach of the 
Indianapoli Colts? Rick Venturi 
5. Who won golfs 1991 Ryder 
Cup? United States 
6. Who is still the head coach of 
the San Diego Chargers? Dan 
Henning 
7. Who holds the official record 
for most horne runs in a s ingle major 
league season? Roger Maris 
8. True or false: Donald Trump 
once owned a professional football 
team. True 
9. Who holds the NL record for 
most saves in a ingle season? Lee 
Smith 
10. What is the record oflhe UCSD 
women 's soccer team? 7-0-1 as of 
10-3-91 
Last week's winner: 
Gail Fernandez, Fifth. sophomore, 
Poli Sci - San Gabriel, CA 

Australia 
Visit the Land Down Under 
Boston University 
Office of International Programs 
introduces its new 
Sydney Internship Program 
Internships available in: 
Management, Finance, Economics 
Media: Joumalism, Broadcasting, Film 
Politics and International Relations 

Other programs available in England, France, Greece 
Israel. Italy, Niger, Spain, and the Soviet Union. 

For program cIBfaiI4 compIe. /he coupon below and maI/lO: 
Boston University 
Intemational Programs (f) 
232 Bay Stale Road 
Boston. MA 02215 
617/353-9888 

IN.. I 
IA.n. I 
II City S&* __ Zip I 
I "-<--.) CoIJeteIUaiYtniIy I 
I Sa_ [] N 0 Spri. 0 t9_ I 
l iI .. ' ............ - LiIn ................. .,"' .. I I [] LaMoII Cl a.-bIe 0 ar- 0 SycIIIey 
I [] PIriI Cl IfIifa 0 l.oeIb 0 USSR I 

... ~....1.0:.1 0 M..nI 0 w ...... I I [] SJIIaey ..., --I []W~ Cl~ Ow- I Cl 0d:Id 0 ...... I I Cl..... 0 .... L _____________________ ~ 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 11 

Brouqht 10 You By: 

Sprint 

Because You 
Have Better 

Dothan 
" 

out 

LoJUJ Distance: 
Sales Pitch 

. . . 

. , . . 

., ., . ' ... . 

.. __ .......... _--........ -_ ...... --._ .. _ ... _-_ ......... _.-
......................... - .. - ... --.. - ............ 0 •• --'----

I-8<><>-877--':I995 



/ ' 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
STUDY ABROAD IN AUSTRAUA. 
Information on semester, year, 
graduate, summer and internship 
programs in Perth, Townsville, 
Sydney, and Melbourne. Prqgrama 
start at $3520. Call 1-800-878-3696. 
(9123-10110) 

GRAD AND TRANSFER STU-
DENTS who are members of PI'tI 
GAMMA DELTA. Great things are 
going to be happening at UCSD. For 
more info contact Erik (452-2001) or 
Jim (481-3123). (10/3-10/14) 
Almond Brothers and little Feet 
concert, Sunday, October 13, 2nd 
and 5th row center. Call Nax, 483-
8387. (1013-10110) 

Bicyclists, skateboarders, roller-
bladers I Know the rules and 
regulations on campus. Don't get a 
citation I Pick up your free copy at the 
UCSD Police Department orcaU 534-
7335 for more information. (1017-101 
10) 
Daniel Sheehan to speak Saturday, 
October 12 on "The National Security 
State at a Crossroads: 7 p.m. 
Marston Middle School, Clairemont 
Ave at Ute (1 block south 01 Balboa). 
BCCI, Robert Gates nomination, 
October Surprise, INS LAW, Sal 
Scandal, Noriega, CIA tapes, Iraq 
- learn how they are all connected. 
$3 donation for students, $5 generaf. 
(1017-10/10) 
D.C. Pop Qulz.l: Which is greater, 
the federal deficit or your outstanding 
student loan? The answer awaits 
you at the D.C. Internship Forum, 
Friday, Oct. 18, Career Service 
Center, 2:30-4. (10/10) 
Two horses for 112 lease in Del Mar. 
Engl ish and we stern . $60-80 . 
Catherine 454-6673 after7 p.m. (101 
10-10/14) 
The North County Coastal Greens 
meet October 17. A speaker from 
the Constitutional Integrity All iance 
will talk about Iran-Contra, the BCCI 
scandal, INSLAW, and connections 
with the shadow government in the 
United States. Unitarian Fellowship, 
1036 Solana Dr, Solana Beach, 7 
p.m. All are welcome. 753-3899 or 
434-7515. (10/10) 
Alcohol Awareness Week. October 
13-18. Monday, 12-1 p.m. Women, 
Men and Alcohol, Gallery A. (1011 0) 
Party with 91 X - Boneyard Sundays 
at the Elephant Bar. 91 cent beer. 
587-1993. (10/10) 
Why stay in when you can come out 
and join us at the non·sexist dance 
with Queerwave theme. Saturday, 
October 12 at the Che Cafe. 9 p.m.· 
1 a.m. All welcomelno charge. (101 
10) 

DO YOU HAVE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia . 

Ear. $ $.$ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnost ics. plus earn up 

to $100 per week. 

Plea e call 
MD WOUTOIIIS 

226-1733 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15 -word incremenls. The rate per 15 words ;s $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right 10 refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information caI/534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, Lolol/a, CA 92093-03/6. Actual address: SIut/enrCenter A, topj1oor. 

Alcohol. Awareness week into your 
system. Resource Fair We«Iesday, 
October 16. 11-2 p.m. Price Center 
Plaza. MADD, DADDS, Mission Bay 
Aquatics, Family Fitness, and more. 
Gel a Calistoga and listen to 91 X. 
(10/10-10114) 

Dance Under the Stars. All Campus 
Party. Friday, Oct. 18. 8 p.m.-12 
a.m. Price Center Plaza. Prizes I (101 

10-1011~) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 
1500 hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday 
Court. Student discounts. 558-46441 
226·1962. (9/23,1215) 

Word processingltyping: Academic 
manuscripts, papers, theses,letters, 
resumes. Accuratelfast service. 
Mary Ann, 452-9439. (9123·10117) 

PASSPORT PICTURESII New at 
Cal Copy. Only $5.95. While you 
wait. Xeroxes and more. Near St. 
Germains. 452-9949. (9/23-6/4) 

Professional tutor ing , Physlcsl 
Mathematics, all courses. Call for 
rates: A. Dubisch, Ph.D. (619) 271 -
9224. (9/30-10114) 

• 
Mira Mesa Daycare - Nutrition 
program, loving home environment, 
one f.ull time opening, 2 yrs. or older. 
689·0306. (9/30-1 0/1 0) 

Housesitting, 48·year·old woman, 
UCSD grad student. References, 
responsible, call Karen, 222-1038. 
(9/30,10/24) 

TypingIWord proceSSing. Exp. $4 per 
page. My home in Univ. City. Call 
Jewell, 457-5461 . (1017-10110) 

MEDICAL SCHOOL APPLICATION 
PHOTOS. Fast. inexpensive, 
professional-call Adam, 566-1631 . 
(1017·10/17) 
Take care of your beauty needs right 
here on campus. Try Mary Kay 
Cosmetil;S. 452·7956. (1017-10114) 

TYPINGIWORD PROCESSING. 
Research papers. theses, 
dissertations. Fast turn around. Free 
caJ11)Us pickup. Becki, 695-0231 . 
(1 017-1 ()(17) 

Experience Mary Kay Cosmetics. 
Call today for your FREE facial and 
glamour makeov~r. 452·7956. (101 
7-10114) 
WORD PROCESSING. Teachers 
and students. Theses, term papers, 
manuscripts, resumes. laser printer. 
Call Caroline Starr, 224-3679. (101 
7-10131 ) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: 
Experienced. Word processing . 
EngineerS/chemists - skilled with 
Scientific Word Processor. Writel 
Edit: reports. manuscripts, resumes, 
dissertations. Laser Printer. 1521 
Summit Ave., Cardiff. FAX: 633· 
1624. VOICE: 753·5964. (1011 0-11 / 
4) 

WANTED 
Retail clothing salespeople. All shifts 
available. Unique opportunity with 
fast growing company. Apply with 
APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE, 8250 
Camino Santa Fe., Ste I , San Diego 
92121 (Miramar area), 450-3324 . 
(9/23-1215) 

BEING FIT is hiring experienced 
aerobic teachers for Clairemont 
location. Flexible hours. Call Lenny, 
483-9294. (9/23·1215) 

FAST FUNDRAISERJ $1 OOOlWeek. 
Greeks, clubs , anyone. No 
investment. (800) 748-6817 ext 50. 
(9/23-10/14 ) 

PART TIME WORK. FULL TIME 
EARNINGSI 8 different 
opportunities . Free information. 
Send SASE to: Bob Schmidt, P.O. 
Box 711138, Santee, CA 92072· 
1138. (9123·1011 0) 

#1 FUNDRAISER NATIONWIDE. 
Your fraternity, sorority, or other 
campus group can earn between 
$500-$1000 in less than 7 days. You 
pay absolutely nothing. Call: 1-800-
735-20n Ext 3. (9/23,10/28) 

House cleaners, $5 to $8 per hour. 
car, phone, some experience, good 
ref. Call 259·8731 . {I 0/3·10/28) 

GUITAR PLAYER looking to joint 
form benet Will be playing many 
styles but predominantly hard rock. 
Creativity and desire 10 play originals 
a plus. Drummers, bassists, singers 
give me a calli Ask for Daye, 458-
0971. (9/30-10117) 

COs, cassettes. VHS movies. Top 
55S paid. Music Trader, 7094 
Miramar Rd. (693-1469). (9130-121 
5) 

ALLERGIC VOLUNTEERS 
WANTED for eye drop study. Must 
have allergies and red, itchy eyes. 
Payment is $120. Call Claudia at 
Scripps Clinic, 554-2248. (1 on·l 0/ 
10) 

Guitarist and drummer wanted for 
original hard rocking band . 
Equipment and dedication a must. 
483-7597. (I 017-10/10) 

Indonesian language tutor needed. 
Fee negotiable. Call anytime, Vicky, 
587-9414. (1017-10/14) 

Part-time employment opportunity. 
Conscientious, dependable people 
for light janitorial duties, 2-3 hours 
early evenings. No experience 
necessary and opportunity for 
advancement in our established and 
expanding company. Call268-3331 . 
(10/10) 

Spring Break '92 Reps Wanted. H20 
Houseboats is looking for reps for 
our lake Havasu Houseboat Spring 
Break Program. Earn commission 
and a free trip. 1-800-242·2628. (101 
10-10114) 

7'·8' egg·shaped surfboard for a 
kook. Please call me at 224·7586. 
(10/10) 

Guitarist/vocalist needed for all 
original band ASAP. Please call 453-
1689. (10/10) 

Earn $6Ihourto start at home: correct 
business letters written by foreign 
professionals. Send your short 
resume to: IBPC, P.O. Box 17055, 
San Diego, CA 92177. (1011 0) 
Retail clothing salespeople (M/F). 
Outlet store in Miramar area. All 
shifts available. Casual atmosphere. 
Apply Apparel Designer Zone, 8250 
Camino Santa Fe, Ste I, San Diego 
92121.450-3324. {I 0110-1 0124) 

OVERWEIGHT? 
North Carolina Pastor 

loses 76 Ibs. and 14 inches 
in 3 months using Nu1rition 

Express Weight Loss 
Product twice daily eating 

one regular meal. 
Cost $1 .76 per meal. 

CALL FOR FREE 4-Day 
Supply,See if lhey work for 

YOU. 

(61~) 496·2263 

Thursday. October 10.1991 

Summer management Intemship 
interviewa now taking place. Gain 
yaluable experience managing a 
team of employees. customers and 
supplers. MajoriIy 01 hiring will be 
completed by November. Average 
grouprolIUaS11.287.CaIITripJe 'A' 
Student PUllers for information now. 
1-800-426-&141. (~OIl 0-1 /6) 

Chi .... aeIetant needed: 15-
20 hours per week. Experience and 
excellent references required. Call 
622-3827. (10110) 

FOR SALE 
Printer: Panasonic KX-P1180 9 pin 
dot matrix. 1 year old. $75 firm. Call 
Lela, 455-9358. (9123-10110) 

Need an Inexpensive, dependable 
computer? Guaranteed, recycled 
IBM systems from $395. Ecology 
PC .. 481-6411. (9123-10110) 

1st TECH - Compu1er Software, all 
name brands, all wholesale pricing. 
Hardware, leasing, consulting, home 
delivery. Special STUDENT 
DISCOUNT. 595-4827 La Jolla and 
downtown. (9/30-10131) 

Futon and 4-position frame $95. 
Bunk bed $165. Mattress and box-
spring, brand new $75. Sofa-bed, 
never used $215. Can deliver. 587-
0095. (9130-10/10) 

For sale: Ibanez~x-series guitar, jet 
black. Fender H.O.T. amp. Hardly 
used, mint condition. Soft case and 
stand incfuded. Paid $600 plus tax. 
Asking $500 abo. Call ·Steve, 558-
7367. (10/3-10/10) 

Guitars: Acoustic steel string, perfect 
$85; 12·strin9, spruce top . no 
scratches $155. 452·2085. (1013· 
10/10) . 

ANYTIME COMPUTER, geared to 
students, 5% discounts, immediate 
home and office service. 12925 
Pomerado Rd#A, Poway, 486-30671 
484-6180. See our ad for details. (tt 
30-10121) 

'86 Honda Elite 150 good condition, 
great for school use. $700. 481-
2337. (1013-10/10) 

Minolta X370n camera body. New in 
January, excellent condition . All 
manual. $150. Call Amy, 546·8640. 
(1 0/3-1 0114) 

Bunnies for sale. Adorable, baby pet 
Flemish Giant bunnies. $25 cash. 
459·6795. (10/3-10/14) 

FUTON - Twin size includes frame 
and ugly mattress (that's what sheets 
are for). $49. 546-1766. (10/3-101 
10) 

New and colorful boxspring and 
mattress. $70 obo. Joseph at 453· 
5826. After 7 p.m. (1017-10/14) 

FREE couch to first person to pick it 
up. Call Michelle, 481 ·0592. (1017-
10110) 

NO MONEY? 
NO EXPERIENCE? 
NO PROBLEM! 

w. need bright, motivated, 
outgoing students to join our 
calling staffl 

• Flexible scheduling 
• Excellent training provided 
• $8.00 per hour + bonus 
• Sharpen communication 

skills 
For more info cal/ 563-2000 

II The Pacific Group 
:M56 Camino Del RIo North, 
SuIte 205 
San Diego, CA 92108 

Thunday, October 10,1991 

1987 Honda Elite 80 Scooter. Fun, 
economical transportation. $600 
obo. Daytime: 552-3086, evenings: 
272·8643. (1017-10/14) 

One-way ticket through San 
Francisco to Stockton. 7:30 p.m. 
Dec. 14th (Winter break) $551 Call 
Jeannine, 453·4923. (1017-10121) 

7' Gordon and Smith mini· long w/tri-
fin. 1 year old. $225 abo. Steve, 558-
3007. (1017-10/10) 

For sale : Full-size Simmons 
Beautyrest mattress, box spring and 
frame. like new. $100. Call 792· 
1089. (10/10) 

Moving sale, must sacrifice furniture 1 
Oueen size bed, S 125; oak wall unit, 
$200; large wall unit, $200; dining 
room table, two chairs, $200; recliner, 
$125 ; oak coffee table, $75; oak end 
table, $50. Cal/Glenn or Diane : 587-
4812, leave message. (10110) 

Road bike Nishiki Modulus. Hardly 
ridden, need to sell for $. $250. 673· 
0896. (10110) 

1980 V.W. Rabbit. Good condition, 
$1500. Call Hatim, 454-4966 , 
afternoons. (10/10-10/14) 

Futon - twin·size mattress and 
frame. Excellent condition. $99 cash 
only. 942·9014. (10110-10/14) 

COUCH - elegant, loose·plliow. 
Off-white. Approx. 66". Originally 
$490, now $230. Cash. 942·9014. 
(10110) 

'82 Toyota Corolla, 5-spd, AC, 
cassette, high miles but excellent 
runner. $1200 obo. 455-7909. (101 
10) 

Compaq DeskprollBM compatible 
computer with printer and software, 
$5OO/bestoffer. Ann, 541-2450. (101 
10·10117) 

Need a bike to get around carupus? 
Team Fuji with U·lock. $75. 453-
8022. (10/10) 

HOUSING 
Room available in spacious 1700 sq 
It townhouse, less than 1 mile from 
campus, pool, fireplace, reserved 
parking. Nonsmokers please. $3601 
month plus 114 utilities. Please call 
John or Tom, 296·1386. (9123-101 
10) 

ONn room w/ private bath and huge 
closets. Fully fumished. 10 minule 
drive to UCSD. Non-smoker, 
student. $250/mo plus 112 electric. 
Greg, 549-6719. (10/10) 

Master bedroom in La Jolla Colony 
condo ayailable IMMEDIATELY for 
2Ml2F. Private balcony, large walk-
in closet, bath/shower. Rent 
Includes: AlL FURNISHINGS, ALL 
UTILITIES, private garage, VCR, 
cable TV, washerldryer, pooVspa, 
refrigerator, microwave. $3501 
person. Call 587-0143, leave 
message. (10/3-10114) 

Master bedroom in Clairemont 
house. $2451month pl4S 1/4 utilities. 
Fireplace, washerldryer, frontlback 
yards. Near UCSD campus. Sharon, 
632-5640. (1017-10/31) 

Roommate wanted: own room and 
bath. Pool, jacuzzi, carport, walk·in 
closet, shared space furnished. 
Clean, responsible, non·smoking 
female wanted. $400/mo plus 1/2 
utilities plus security deposit. 
Available now. URGENTI Call 458-
9389. (1 017·1011 0) 

Great room available immediately 
close to campus, kitchen privileges, 
furnished, washerldryer, pool. $50 
deposit. $375/month. 450-6935. (101 
7·1011 0) 

Female Roommate needed : 
Spacious own bedroom, 
economical/ypricedat$287.50, pool, 
all in a cozy house in Pacific Beach. 
Move in 10-15-91 . Kimberley, Brian, 
Tracy, Jeff, 273·5007 or 272-2084. 
(10110) 

Roommate wanted: Fully furnished, 
two bedroom, near campus. $250 
per month. CaI/558-7712, lee/Jay. 
(10/10·10/21) 

Del Mar 2·level condo for lease. 
Unfurnished, 2 bedrooms, 1.5 baths, 
Convenient to everything. Del Mar 
Heights Road at Mango Dr ive . 
Available now. $S50/month. $500 
deposit. 981 -~71. (10/10) 

Boommate wanted. 10/21191 . Del 
Mar duplex 114 block to beach, 
parking, garden. 792-9366 or 458-
081" Howard. (10110) 

Female roommate wanled to share 
master bedroom. Beautiful condo 
across street from campus. Call 450-
9596. (10/10-10114) 

Room for rent in TIerrasanta house. 
New house with all appliances, cable, 
and nice backyard. Quiet area 15 
minutes from campus. $310/month 
plus 114 utilities. 4e7 -97 42. (10/10-
10/17) 

1 
La Jolla Colony. Male or female 
wanted to share townhouse, two 
miles from UCSD. Non-smoker, no 
pets, washer, dryer, $355. Call 587 -
8136 or 546-Q460. (10/10) 

CONSIDERING AN 
ADVANCED DEGREE? 

The UCSD Guardian 

Unfurnished 2 bed 1 bath upstairs 
apl200 yards from campus. Ocean 
side. Quiet. New. Non-smoker. 
Bright, carport. Prefer one, grad 
student, professor. $900 including 
utilities, cable. Call weekends or 
leave message. Ph. 450-1765. (101 
10-10/14) 

Nice residential 3 bedroom house 
for rent. 94 Hwy and Kelton. $800. 
479-2787,495-0529. (10110-10/17) 

Room in East Del Mar. $360 plus 
deposit. Looking for easy going, 
open·minded , considerate 
individual. 792·5698. (I 011 0) 

GREAT DEAL! $270 or $195 for 
your own room plus 1/4 utilities, in 
North Park area. Has hot tub in 
patio, security gate, washer/dryer, 
and parking . 563·5603. (10110) 

PERSONALS 
TEMPORARY TATTOOS. Assorted 
tattoos for Halloween . look like real I 
lastfordays! Waterproof! Non·toxic! 
To order, send SASE to Tom Bahr, 
2737 La Salle, Mt. View, CA, 94040. 
(1013·10/14) 

HOLD OUT FOR THE BEST. Beta 
Theta Pi fratern ity will hold its 
inaugural founding father rus h 
starting Oct. 14. Help start a national 
tradition. It will be well worth your 
wait. (1017-1011 4) 

Seeking TM meditators to create 
campus coherence with student 
organization. leave name, number 
at 551 -8711. (10/10·10/14) 

Brian/Caren - Howz it goin? Not 
sure if you'll see this but guess what? 
It'd be fun to play tennis again some 
time soon if you gui's have the tim. 
Give me a call . (10/10) 

S. Guy - Spare me, you struck out! 
My # is top secret. Don't be such a 
nerd. There are other bucks in the 
herd, so join the pack.-Hazel. (101 
10) 

Basketball Fan would like to meet 
companion for an evening of 
excitement. We can't promise you 
a companion for life, but we can offer 
you companionship althe San Diego 
Sports Arena on Oct. 24th when the 
l.A. Clippers play Maccabj Tel Aviv. 
Get your tickets in the SINGLES 
section reserved for the guys and 
gals who want to cheer together. 
Call 235·4263 for great seats. You 
never know who you will meet. (101 
10) 

Instead of the sunset how about 
catching the sunrise? Iget the feeling 
we won't have much choice. (10110) . 

II 

Meet with admissions representatives from a wriety 01 Graduate and ~ 
progIoms around the country, including: • AcacIemic Degree Programs 

'IMIII 
CIn 
.. 
...... 

.,.. • MBA Programs 
• Health ProIessionoI Programs 

PROFESSIONAL AND 
GRADUATE SCHOOL 
INFORMATION DAY 
MONDAY, OCTOIER 14, 1991 
11:00·2:00 
CAlIa SEIVICES CINIER PLAZA 

lobi 
C4JIIIIIIIIn 
...... 11 

• ICID 
• p'" 

II II .... 
upstairs In tile 

Student 
CenI8t,IbM 
tile GetIeraI 

Stolt 

CLASSIFIBDS 13 

ITCHY EYES-r?? 
If you are experiencing red and Itchy eyes, from allergies, 
you may be eligible to partldpate in a dlnlcal research study 
using a currently marketed drug. You must be between the 
ages of 18 and 65 and be in good general health. 
$ t 35 REWKW CompensAtIon (for comp.ete putldp.1don) 
is provided upon successful completion of the study. If you 
are interested In finding out whether you are qualified to be 
a part of the study, 

Call 436-3988 (ask for janet or Dianna) 
Warren W. PIeskow, MD, Asthma and Treatment Research Association 

Still haven't found it? 

UCSD Guardian Clasaifieds. Call 534· 5416 for information. 

During the last few years. the cost Of education 
has risen SO much that even Inflation couldn't 
keep up with it. National Student Funding was 
created to help bridge that gap. We know that 
students need help today. whether It is money for 
tuition . living expences. room and board, or even 
just to pay for books. and we can help. Don't put 
off todoy, what you will need tomorrow. Call our 
800 number now and you will receive from us 
more information and application procedures 
to acquire from our data base the best scholar-
ship for you and your needs. Call now for 'more 
Information I 

1-800-937-1900 ext. 1191 
Information and application pOcket 24 hrs. 7 days 

NAnONAL 
STUDENT 
FUNDING 



I. SPOllTS 

M.SOCCER 
CenIt •• d ........ 18 
challenge, exploding offensively in 
the second half. 

Momir Horvatek put The 
Master's College ahead, with a dar-
ing breakaway goal. Justin RoaIh 
fed the ball to Horvatek, who found 
hilllliClf on the crest of a fast-break. 
He passcddefendcrs whowereback-
peddling nladIy yet futilely. After 
passing the last fullback, he took a 
clear shot from twenty fect, ann-
gantly up the center. UCSD goalie 
Micliael Madden might as well have 
been napping for all t~ s:hance he 
had. 

The Master's next goal blew the 
game wide open. What stung most 
was that UCSO's sloppy defense 
nearly handed the Mustangs their 
goal. 

Aftera sloppy cross from a Mus-
tang forward, Madden had a clear 
path to the ball. Instead, a helpful 
defender intercepted the ball and 
tried to clear it. It rolled weakly to 
Roath, who punched it in from 15 
feel. He couldn't have golten a bet-
ter a.~sist . 

Down 3-1, the Tritons were look-
ing at disaster. TIley were saved 
from total ernbarra.'iSIllCI1t by Lodoen 
who would bring UCSD to within 
one. Jarret Stevenson brought the 
ball upand then slid a pass to Lodoen 
who redirected the ball into the net 
from 20 feet out. 

After Lodoen's goal, UCSO's 
offense took heart and pou red on the 
pressure. But time was working 
against them, as well as other fac-
tors. 

The Mustangs' Harlan Slind 
combined some good clearing plays 

I*II1c:Oow1tJGunIrI 
Brian Bradford maneuvers upfteld. 
UCSO lost to The Master's ~2. 

with some slimy defense. On two 
fouls, both purposely harsh, he was 
warned and then given a yellow 
card. But his most nagmnt foul came 
against lodoen with two minutes 
left to play. 

Lodocn was breaking down the 
wings starting to angle in for a shoe 
or pass when Slind tackled him from 
behind. Itdrew a penalty, but dashed 
the fast break Lodoen was counting 
on."ltwasagoodplay,"saidLodoen 
afterwards. "I wasn't hun, and I was 
stopped from taking a very good 
shot." 

UCSO Head Coach Derek 
Armstrong wasn't so admiring. Af-
terwards, he was seen shaking his 
head, mumbling angrily, "Can you 
bel ieve that? Can you believe that?" 

The ·referees dido't help matters 
much. Theircall alternated through-
out the game, seemingly at random. 
At times, they called the play very 
close; at other times, they called the 

, 

Tbc UCSD Gurdian 

glllle loose. 
Willi time runnina short. UCSD 

swted to rush penalty kicks and 
throw-ins. And it rushed shoes. 

The Tritons took 12 shoes on the 
day. Stevenson took five shotsaJone 
for UCSD. The Mustangs were 
much more economical. taking just 
four shots and watching three go in. 

In fact, UCSD had the ball for 
I1lOSI of the game. The Mustangs 

~ in calculaled bursas, relying 
most of the time on Horvatek. 

"He's from Yugoslavia," said 
Mustang Head Coach Jim Packard. 
as if that was a license to play. "We 
just give him the ball and he goes." 

Go he did. totally unlacing the 
usually tight Triton defense. Slide-
tackles caught nothing but grass, as 
outdribbled defenders were left 
standing, stunned. 

The Mustangs' defense had a 
different srraregy. Their defenders 
played it safe, opting to c1ear the ball 
by letting eitherSI ind or goal ie Mark 
Anderson boot th;e ball upfteld. 

UCSD tried to involve its de-
fense more in the offensive game 
plan. But the Mustangs shut down 
theirpassing lanes. SpecifICally, they 
smothered Lodoen, who acted as 
liaison between the backfield and 
offense. 

Needless to say, Armstrong was 
nOl happy. His furious sideline in-
tructions could be heard from the 

parking 101. 
At game's end, he hung around 

just long enough to shake hands and 
then he was gone, shaking his head 
in frustration. 

The win upped the Mustangs' 
record to 5-6. They're ranked first in 
NAIA. The loss puts the Tritons at 
7-4. 

Thtlr'ldar, October 10, 1991 

Wliters 

Today, 7 p.m. 
Berkeley Room 

Second Floor of the 
Price Center 

Anyone interested in writing 
for the Guardian is welcome 

to attend this lneeting. 
Call 534 6580 

for more infonnation 

8 S&W Photography, Art Reproductions, Contemporary European Images, Gallery Prints: 
~ ~ 

OSTERS 
2. 08'15 Left \ 

Thursday and Friday 
October 10 and 11 "'111>\\" 

Revelle Plaza s!=~n! 
9:30 a.m .. - 1:30 pm 

~ 
'. ( 

1· 
I 

~ t' S \~ ol~f boOl 
1) J." to S' , 
J SCI'" Stlte! 

:l 
)0 
::1 

c: 
0" 
JJ 
III 
'< 
3 
o 
:l 
a. 

JJ 
CD 
3 
a 

• :l 9. 
~ 
o 
a. 
! 

~ 
goo 
)0 
a 

~ 
iil J ; 
~ 10, I, Sponsor .. &~ ~ 
~ SHOW AND SALE JIfli. .up&a Dd&a ~ 
~Georgia O'Keefe, Art Deco, Art Nouveau, Renoir. Travel Posters, Fantasy, Danceg 

~r=~[=:J 
I ~ ( ) ( ) t<! ; J ( »1 : I 

-

~ 
- e* 

Presents 
FREE FOOD 
AND BEVERAGES! 
'"TEST DRIVE" IBM 
PERSONAL 
COMPUTERS! 
PRODUCT 
DEMONSTRATIONS, 
FREE SAMPLES, 
GAMES, 
ENTERTAINMENT! 

• 

FEATURING: ·18M ·CAMAY .SUNSHINE BISCUITS 
-AMERICAN EXPRESS -INTROSPECT .OBSESSION 

-NEWSWEEK ·OLD SPICE ·COLUMBIA HOUSE 
-BELL BRANDS -CAMPUS CONNECTION .MCI 

·STANLEY H. KAPLAN .SAFEGUARD 

t . 

'. 

Thunda)'. Ocaoba-IO, 1991 'The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

Depth Helps Overcome Injuries· j- ~ ------------- '" --I 
• Desp~ losing three ~ and a key substitute, 1# ["" a ~ C [] P Y ~.,.o+ : 
women s soccer has contmued to pile up the WInS '-' 
By area WNnII she said. 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's soccerteam 
has been acting a lot like The Termi-
nator this year. No matter how bad 
you hun it, it just keeps coming. 
Despite losing four key players to 
major injuries, the Tritons have com-
piled an 8-0-1 record and are cur-
rently ranked third in the nation. 

TIle four include three would-be 
sta/ters -sophomores Katie I..arttin 
and Heather Sears and senior 
Danielle Placek - and freshman 
Celeste DeLeon who, according (0 
Head Coach Brian McManus, "is 
ready to stan." 

According to McManus. the se-
cret of this season 's success despite 
the injuries lies in team deprh and a 
favorable schedule - thus far. 
"We've played hard. but the quality 
of the teams we've played hasn't 
been that grea!." he said. 

The quality of the teams. how-
ever. is about to make a major about-
face . After next Monday's game 
against Cal Baptist, UCSD will en-
ter the toughest pan of its schedule 
with games against Cal Poly 
Pomona. CSU San Bernardino, 
SDSU and CSU Dominguez Hills. 

McManus' concem is over how 
to get his injured players back into 
game shape in time for the playoffs, 
while facing the meat of the sched-
ule. "Those games arc real hard 
ones. It'll be tough forthem to come 
back." 

Larkin may be the Triton closest 
to returning full time. After suffer-
ing a tom calf muscle, she may 
begin practicing as early as next 
week. 

She h~ already tried playing on 
it; during last week's game at 
Pomona-Pitzer Larkin played the 
last ten minutes of each half. 

"[t felt great duri ng the game, but 
at practice the next day it started 
huning again. I think I may have 
tried coming back a little too early ," 

W.SOCCER 
ContInued from .... 18 
kick right on the head of Jaymie 
Bradford who sent it p3Stthesprawl-
ing Athena goalie. 

The Tritons had it planned all 
along. "We've been wooong on our 
set plays off of the comer kicks, and 
it really paid off today," Shea said. 

When you're undefeated, every-
thing seems to go your way. and that 
was the case with the Tritons' next 
goal. Katy Dulock shredded the left 
side of the Athena defense..-nd then 
tried to cross the ball into the mouth 
of the goal. But it bounced off the 
leg of Claremont's Susan Wells, hit 
the right post and - wouldn't you 
know it? - rolled into the net. 

Things quieted down for a while 
untilOaremont's Cristy Prough was 
able to take a ball from teammate 
Maril Davisandsneakashot through 
to cut the Tritons' lead to 2-1. 

Then in what Head Coach Brian 
McManus called "the first turning 
point of the game," Shea placed 
anotbercomer kick. this lime on the 
bcadofKaml Lindsay whodirectod 
it into the right comer of the goal as 
Claremont loalkeeper Trisha 
Seminoff lunpd in the opposite di-
rection. 

Accordjna to McManus, that 
aoel. with seven minuCcs remainina 
in the first half, was critical. "The 

Sears is also close to recovery, 
and McManus believes she may be 
back playing within the next couple 
of weeks. Sears suffered a stress 
fracture of the tibia, right below her 
knee, and is currently undergoing 
therapy. She wears an electric bone 
stimulator ten hours a day. In order 
to stay with the game. Sears has 
been attending practice and doing 
"just about anything that doesn·t 
involve running."Like I..attin. Sears 
has also tried to come back, but she 
had to back off when the pain flared 
up again after a game three weeks 
ago. 

Placek tore up her knee in a flag 
football game last year. Major knee 
surgery followed, and she has been 
in rehabilitation since then. She ha~ 
progressed to the point where she is 
now playing about ten minutes a 
game. But full recovery is still "a 
long ways away," according to 
McManus. 

. Although she's the only fresh-
man on the team, DeLeon was 
"ready to start" according to 
McManus. But after suffering a bro-
ken ankle, those plans were put on 
hold. Her latest visit to the doctor, 
though, yielded some positive re-
sults: the brace is expected to come 
off in about two weeks, at which 
time she will begin light practice. 

"I expect to be back for the 
regionals. The team's playing real 
well, and I want to get back as soon 
as possible," she said. 

Despite losing the four players 
for a good chunk of the season, 
UCSD has conrinued to roll. The 
reason? Depth. McManu has an 
abundance of first-rate talent, not 
all of whom can start. The result has 
been a tremendous impact from 
players coming off the bench. 

Cindy Eddy and Jodie Robenson, 
both now in starting roles. have 
been a force in the midfield. Jaymie 
Bradford did not start last year, but 

final 15minutesorso, we had started 
to relax. lOat goal gave us some of 
our intensity back." 

1luu intensity continued over to 
the second half as the Tritons con-
tinued to dominate. 

Twelve minutes into the half, 
midfielderCindy Eddy took the ball 
up the left side and centered it. lind-
say controlled the pass, danced 
around a defender and booted it 
through for her second goal of the 
day. 

Although ahead by a score of 4-
I at this point, McManus cited an-
ocher crucial moment as a turning 
point, "The water polo team showed 
up. They've been great this year. 
They come to all our games and 
cheer \IS.DIl.lt helps to have support 
like that." 

With the water polo team mak-
ing its presence fell, the Tritons 
de!:ided to give them a show. 

TenmirucsafterLindsay's goal, 
Cheryl Parter got in on the scoring 
blitt. Dribbling up the popular left 
side, the senior ran into problems as 
Claremont defender Linette Butler 
IIUUIItpd to SICal the ball. 

Parka"pIOII1IIIy took it rigIU back 
about 25 yards from the mouth of 
thepJ. 

Not wasting any time, she lofted 
the ball up and in, over Seminoff 
and just inside the risht comer. 

8eforcthecelcbrationdicddown, 

Guardian PhoIO 
Sally Weigand has moved from 
forward to defender this year. 

has become the anchor of a defense 
that has recorded six shutouts thi s 
year. According to McManus, an-
other key on defense has been Sally 
Weigand: "Last year she was play-
ing at forward. But then when 
Danielle went down, she came ba k 
to defender and she hasn·t lost a 
thing." 

Infact,theentireteamha n·tlost 
a thing. The Tritons are already put-
ting enough talent on the field to 
remain unbeaten through nine 
games. If McManus does get his 
injured players back in time for the 
regionals, he'lI have a rather pleas· 
ant dilemma: too much talent for 
just I I spots on the field. 

And chances are good he'll face 
that dilemma. The injured players 
are wailing in the wings rather im-
patiently. " I want to play and con-
tribute, because I really think we've 
got a chance to win the champion-
ship. That's all everybody talksabout 
- everybody wams it really bad 
and I want to play for it," Deleon 
said. 

LaIkin agreed, "We know we 're 
going to do it this year. It 's all com-
ing together now, because we picked 
upwhereweleftofflastyear. We've 
got the name rampage, because we 
want to come back and just stomp 
on everybody." 

UCSD was awarded an indirect kick. 
For the third time in the game, Shea 
placed a ball right on the head of a 
forward . This time Parker headed it 
in for her second score in 61 sec-
onds. 

The scoring ended with four and 
a half minutes left ' in the game as 
Danlelle Placek fired a shot that 
bounced off the left post. Cindy 
Eddy was in the right place at the 
right time as she tapped it in for the 
seventh and final score. 

"Oaremont is a much improved 
team," McManus said. "But we got 
our attitude rishttoday. We played 
withalotoffocusand intensity. The 
second half was a great performance 
by everybody." 

"We've got some tough games 
ahead of us. Dominguez Hills, 
SDSU, and Cal Poly Pomona arc all 
away, and also the San Bernardino 
game. Those will be the imponant 
ones," Shea said. 

"But if we keep communicating 
well, we're on our way toa national 
championship. We've got so much 
skill on this team. we honestly should 
win it." 

McManus agreed with his player, 
but added: "We've got to keep the 
intensity up, treat these games as if 
every one's a playoff. Those four 
games [CSUDH, SDSU, Cal Poly 
and CSUSB] will tell us if we really 
can play." 

I " 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOWME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

M r 8 ]06 p m f .~Jlrf .. 11 10 'i1 
5.lt 14 P m y..ttt, UC..,U IU 

2. TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

~~-
I 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 

Call lor details • 2nd 30 tan days 539,99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Not a tef11)Oraty •• 1aIS ; ~ celulite and stretch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct, 1204 
455-0909 e.".. •• 11110191 

PIZZA- PAS T A 
IlUDENT DISCOUNTSI 

Plan your party at 
Papachino's or we'll 

deliver to you 

DAIL Y DINNER SPECIALS 
Mon.Tues .... Spaghetti $ 7.9 ;'~~:·::::::::::: ~av:~~ni 3 ' 
Fri ,-Sat. ... ...... Grk. Chicken Yf'O La Jolla Colony 

7748 Regents Rd. 
Sun .... , .... .. .... Lasagna '4'5 

~ed wilh ""Iid.nd gorlic bread, Nol VAlid 10 go. 

FREE DELIVERY 546·7666 

DERMATOLOGY 
bOUf Your Ski" 

feel c;ood A Diseases and Surgery of the Skin 
Skin Cancer, laser Surgery 
Facial Peels, leg Veins 
Mole and Scar Removal 
Collagen, Cosmetic Surgery 

ALEX PETERSON, M.D_ 
BOARD CERTFIED DER .... TOLOOIS r 

8iI5O Villi! La JoIIII Or .• Sulle 1121 (1 __ It 011·5. behind the E1epMnt Boo,) 

552-8842 

r---~·UCSD --
FLOWER BASKET 

_ ~~E1!.~~~Y* 
..,..-
Nol ....... 1h 
..,-_. 

u alwa,., 10% ~ when you 
visit the,store with your UCSD ID 

4111141 .as VII .. u JoI .. Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 
Prompt deliveTY, 7 days a week. Open daily 8 am-8 pm 



16 SPORTS 

Faxes, Bubba 
And the Saints 
J usr A FEW N011'.S: • You hate to pick on a guy twice, but ... D-.m Heming 
should be fired. Plain and simple. 
The man is in strong contention 
for the title of "Football's Biggest 
Idiot." 1bere's really no other way 
10 describe Henning who, 
according to a report in the Los 
Angeles Timts, is opposed to: 

• Using Rod Bemstine more as 
a receiver . 

• Playing Bemstine and 
Marion Buns together in the 
backfield . 

• Taking one ofhisjolll' AII-
Pro caliber tight ends (those 
would be Derrick Walker, Arthur 
Cox, Crnig McEwen and Steve 
Hendrickson - ye , 'he Steve 
Hendrickson who used to play 
lille/)(lckel' for lhe San Fmnci. co 
4gers) OUI of the lineup in order 10 
get his two journeymen running 
backs on Ihe field at the same 
time. 

B UT NOW that Ilhink aboul iI , I understand where Henning i 
coming from. Really. I do. Why 
would you want to use Bemsline 
- who was drafted in the firsl 
round as a '(~"f cnd - ,L~ a 
receiver? ll1at 's ridiculou .. The 
man obviously lacks the s kill~ 
necessary to be a receiving back. 
FunhemlOre, lhe offense might 
become slightly - GASP! -
unpredictable. That would render 
invalid the faxes sent to the oth r 
27 teams announcing the Charg-
ers' intentions on first. second and 
third down. Think of the work 
wasted. 

And why would you want to 
play Bemstine and Butts at the 
same time? One play and you 
could lose both of them for the 
year. Bemstine thinks it' s a weep 
left: Butt thinks it 's a sweep 
right. BOOM! It' s the old Bubba 
Paris play. Suddenly you've got a 
he-ap of bodies behind Friez, and 
Eric Bienemy is the great hope. 

And, for goodness' sake, what 
are you thinking . .. removing one 
of the Chargers' four tight ends 
from the rotation. Think of the 
added dimensions they bring to 
the offense. Walker can block, 
whereas Cox is a blocker. 
McEwen is a great free-agent 
pickup who blocks real well, and 
that Hendrickson is some kind of 
blocker. What can Bemstine and 
Buns do that the other four can't? 

T ilE METROOOME is. without question, the dumbest idea 
since the square wheel. Dan 
Gladden nearly gets his head 
taken off. a pop-up lands in the 
middle of four Twins when Kirby 
Puckett can't find it.. . What kind 
of field is il when nOl even the 
home team knows how to play 
there'! 

• It's the seventh sign. The 
New Orleans Saints are 5'{) and 
on the cover of Spo"'s lIIust,.ated. 

See BITS, paae 9 

SPOR.TS • 

Gu.UI FII PI-*! 
Brown is nicknamed "Turtle" because 
of his lack of swimming prowess. 

Mustangs 
Trample 
UCSD3-2 
• Men's soccer's four-
game win streak ends 
against The Master's 
By Andy Gayton 
Staff Writer 

All good times must corne to an 
end. And end lhey did for the UCSD 
men's soccer leam. The Master's 
College Mustangs snapped the Tri-
tons' four-game win streak. tram-
pling UCSD 3-2. 

You might be deceived by the. 
close score. Don' t be. The Mus-
tangs owned the game from the first 
minute on. 

Derek Oark nelted the Mustangs' 
first goal 30 minutes into the first 
half, following up on a deflected 
shot by Adrian Donato. 

Mike Lodoen evened things up 
for UCSD eight minutes later, also 
following up on a deflected shot 

The UCSD Guardian 

Old Men of 
the Pool 

Jason Brown and Greg Goodrich are back in 
familiar waters after sitting out a year 

By Alex BucIaneIter 
SUI" Writer 

They're back. 
For a year, lhey SII by the side of the pool and watched -

walched as the boby-faced 1990 UCSDmcn's watcr polo team 
struggled 10 a 9-22 season. 

They wailed - waited for theovertlowing talentthat filled 
the pool to gel inlo the makings of a first-rale squad. 

And they hoped - hoped lhat by mixing their tried-and-
true talents-with those already in lhe wlICf,lhey could finish 

See SENIORS, Page 10 

Thunday. October 10, 1991 

GunM FII PIIaiI 
Goodrich is the team's main ball 
handler and leads the counter attack. 

Wins Keep 
Coming 
For Tritons 
• Women's soccer 
blitzes Claremont 7-1 to 
remain unbeaten at 8-0-1 
By Greta Wrenn 
Staff Writer 

Yes. there is a team out there that 
is capable of shuning down the 
UCSD women's soccer team. But 
since the Washington Redskins 
aren't on this year's schedule. the 

• INJURY REPORT: The Tri-
tons have triumpheddespile what 
could have been disastrous inju-
ries to key players .... PAGE 15 

Trilons continue to blaze down the 
road to the NCAA tournament. 

Playing at horne on Monday, 
UCSD ~it Oaremont with all the 
subtlety of a runaway semi as the 
third-ranked Tritons blasted the 
Athenas 7-1 and mn their record to 
8-0-1. Defense on both teams buckled 

down and tightened. Thehalfended 
with the tie standing like a chal-
lenge. 

The Mustangs answered that 
See M. SOCCER, Page 14 

JemiItr Kol!ky/GadM 
Cheryl Parker, the Tritons leading scorer this year, added two more goals 
Monday against Claremont_ The goals came less than 61 seconds apart. 

Actually, Oaremont managed to 
hold the Tritons off for almost -10 
minutes in the first half. Then, at 
9:46, Kalyn Shea dropped a corner 

See W. SOCCER, Page 15 

o.liIcOIMIIWo.aIII 
Julie Fabian had 30 assists, but UCSO still lost to UC Riverside 15-9,1!)' 
13, 16-14. The loss dropped the Tritons' record to 14-5. UCR ia 12·5. 

Tritons Unable to Control 
UCR's Scoring Spurts 
• Women's volleyball falls to Highlanders despite 
leading in all three games; loss is third in a row 
By ChrIs R...... fight ~ and steallhe game. 
Associate Sports Editor And before you knew iI, UC 

Two of the most successful Riverside had stolen lheentirematch 
coaches in women's volleyball 15-9,15-13,16-14. 
squared off at the Triton gym last After the match. Stacie Sasaki, 
night,and Sue Gozansky's UCRiv- whohadfivedigs in lhecontest, said 
erliideHighlanderscameoutontop. thai the Highlanders "did the right 

Despite dropping Iheir third thingsaltherighttirnc. We couldn't 
match in a row (all to Division II stop their spun. ..... 
team .. ), UCSD Head Coach DouB Sasaki's words hit the nail right 
Dannevik was encouraged by the on Ihe head. In lhe second game, the 
match, saying it would help 10 build Tritons were out front 13-9 and 
the Tritons' confrdence ... It was a seemed to have everything going 
big step forward ... We played as their way. Then out of nowhere the 
well as we've played all year." he Highlanders stonned blK:k 10 lUke 
said. the nexl six points and Ihe game. 

The storyline was pretty much 'The third game was Illmosl a 
the same Ihroughoullhe niaht. The replay of the second. This lime 
Tritons would get up early, then UCSD was up 12-9 when UCR 
VCR (sixth in Division II) would See W. v-uu.. Pace 10 



HZ HIATUS 

University Town Center 452-7766 

Shattered Ra= Rose 
Necessary ROUGhness Again 

Ilicochet 
The Fisher King 

La Jolla Village 4S3~7831 
Paradise 
TheSu~ 
DeceiVed 

Frankie and Johnny 

283-5909 
Oct. 10-12: Kamikaze Hea .... 

Oct. 13-1 5: Cmea Mendel, Voic. cI tfM Amazon 
Oct. 16: DacIcIy Nostalgia/life and Nathing But 

Oct. 17: TMlma and Loui .. /Mortal "-'ghts 
1i_11'V Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

Horror Picture ShOw 

.'SIpd'ing Loudly, But 
Not Saying Anything 
• Or, John Travolta owes me $6.50 

, 

By Wileen wong Hornaday says that, "Jesse (James 
Associate Hiatus Editor Walte~) has all the passion and in-

Do not be deceived by the title or stinct about what is right and what is 
the flashy advenisernents and com- truthful. but the venue he voices 
mercials. "Shout" is a far cry from himself through is chaotic and self-
hits like "Aashdance,""Dirty Dane- destructive. 
ing," and "Footloose." Universal When Cabe (John Travolta) ar-
Pictures' "Shout," starring John rives, wecansensethatthere'ssome-
Travolta and newcomers James thing haunted about him. In a way 
Walters and Heather Graham, is a he is acounterpanofJesse. He sees 
film about rebellion, forbidden love, himself 15 years ago with a passion 
and rock n' roll. and fire, but he's now cut off from 

Theproblem with this film is that music because of an awful event in 
many of the emotions and passions his life." 
that go along with love, rebellion, If this is what "Shout" is sup-
androckn'roll areneverdeveloped. posed to be about, it is a complete 
not even to a minimal extent. TIle failure. Homadayshouldhavestuck 
film i~-badly wrinen and directed. It to what he knows best, choreogra-
is typical and predictable from be- phy, and should have left the direct-
ginning to en . ing to professionals. The characters 

According to first~ director of the film are dry and have abso-
and well-knownchoreog~r Jef- lutely no depth to them. TIle audi-
frey Hornaday, "TIle primary (0C\t'i ence is never made to realize Cabe's 

. [of the film! is the relationship be- >...dark and hidden secret. lnoughthere 
tweenarebelliousyoungboy(James are couple of cuts to the scar on 
Walters) and a music teacher (John Cabe's hand, the air of mystery and 
Travolta) who are kindred pirits." ~ SHOUT, Page H8 

r-------------Nsil Speclsls . 
ACRYLIC $18 99 
NAILS • 
(Reg. 135) 
Tip Overla, 

FIlls $12 Reg. $15· New clients only 
FIMt ......... with = ..... Reg. $45 

_1 ...... " ..... 1 .. . 
............ 13 

.... Ih ........ ,..... ... Reg. $35 

I 
I 
I 
I 

NAILS BY JENNIFER ..... AIID .... I 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd., St8. 103 & 104 I 
(Next to Burger King) 560-0325 • 560-5081 I 

No« vPd wIIfI ..., otIwr oIIM. e.- , .... , , • 
L ____________________ ~ 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, October 10, 1991 

COVER STORY 

• Todd Zweig is the Dean of Alternative Education 

By hili BIshop 5kIbItzke 
Senior Staff Writer 

"So, you've heard some bad 
thing about meT' Todd asked, 

"Anything from any 
women?" 

I nodded my head sheep-
ishly a'l I leaned over to eal my 
bagel and cream cheese. His 
smile dispelled the ten ion I had 
in bringing up the question in 
the first place. One's boldness 
seems to fade whcncominafaee 
to face with a person whOse 
most common descripf.ion that 
one has heard wa_. . 

•• ... that I'm an arrogant 
asshole?" he askcd. 

I smiled. He took die words 
right out of my mouIh. 

But surpassing the repu1a-
tion ToddZweig his for having 
an attitude is his ICpUUIIion for 
being abe, IIIOSI successful IDd 

lon~ st8ndin&altemaliveclub 
promoICrinSan Diego. ForflVe 
yearshisorpnization,PIayscooI 
Productions, lias developed 
many of the most sua:essfulal-
temative club shows nonh and 
south of the border. 

HUMBLE IEGINN ... 
"I was in my senior year at 

SDSU when I started," Todd 
remembers. "I basically just gOl 
sick of driving to L.A .. to go 
have a good time. Back Iheo.tbe 
only thing remotely alternative 
was KAOS productions. It was 
for people who wanted son» 
thing a little more alternative 
than Diego and a little less like a 
meat markeL" Zweig entered 
into the club business with H0-

He won $2000 above the amount 
for which he had sued him. 

Whb the bod relations tbtwere 

tel San Diego in downlown.Jn ' 
addition to staking his claim in ~;. 
San Diego, he broke newlJOUnCl 
in the city by opening Ihe \bit 
18-and-up club. 

"It w~ really miniiaaltNO 
light system - just a P.A. and ,~~~>&i1 
decorations. Wegot300 peipe 
in the first niglt. I was 'seQkecU 
After that we had a di.ifaent 
theme every niam. SliD keet*lg 
it minimal. WhMwasgrealaOOUt 
it was m. we chew in the llter-
nalive crowd and abe main-
stream, and nobody wanted to . 

witheacbother. You'djust 
to have fun." he aid. 
1bin&s wodtecl weJl there 

&01 slIIr~ 1lr * 
..a.~"'OCr of Ibe veme; 'MiP 

1".;,'7.Ia..i .... prompdy took toC(Qllit.'1if.:lcc:adlDltNeal1b.hei~~W 

1'5 
JEA & SHORTS 
BIKERJACKDS $125-$139 (new) 
COSTUMES 

FUN, FUNKY 
FUNTIONAL Qom 

4791'EWP01J Nt OCEAN lEACH 
M-W. 11 lei 6:3). m~ 

ALPS 
EARTH SANDALS 

working on(~~iOf 
scene at Club Mil'llecaDCd}:~, 
tention. ' 

"The owner tried to bid 
mail me." Zweig explainect " 
"and I hadjust had (enouah!, so 
I said 'Fuck this' andjust walkeii' 
away from ihat one. He never 
went tIUough with his threaL .. 

IU.L .... AHEAD 
After thai. Zweig 

have good luck 
Rubbermaid, 

Thunday, Oaobcr 10, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

PERSONALITIES 

A Day in tiN Ute of a Uterate Rocker 
By Kendy Hurd 
GlJBfdi811 Reporte;-

Allow me 10 introduce 10 you the 
iIIUS1rious Dr. Ron Shane. What you 
have before you is "San Diego's 
leading authority on Dionysian lit-
erary Theory IJld the field of Nco-
Platonism and ~enaissance litera-
ture" - according to his press re-
lease. He is also a screenwriter, a 
poet and dancer all packaged tightly 
into ~pandex pants and tier-striped 
tank tops, topped off with 
bushy, blond rockin' hair. 

It is this same Dr. Shane, holding 
a Ph.D. from Ua.A's Renaissance 
center, amongodler various degrees, 

who claims to "carry on the tradi-
tion of great an" by coming out of 
the woodwork as some sort of sav-
iorhereon this earth to sal vage what 
is left of our world's savage fire. 

In a recent interview, stylisti-
cally situated in a pastel-colored, 
heavily-minored health club, Shane 
proceeded to paint a picture of a 
work! plagued with an and litera-
ture that are merely "collections of 
the obvious." Shane waxed profound 
concerning the flat reflections of the 
outside world that we call the con-
temporary arts, all of which go 
against the grand tradit ions of Keats, 
Shakespeare, Jung, Coleridge, 

Ron Shane (mid center) and his hard rock band Savage Paradise pose 
with a G-string clad admirer and a tree (without the G-string). 

/ 
* * * FIIST n •• 111 * * * 

Spenser, and the shamans and poets 
of our distant past. According to 
Shane, an and literature should aid 
us in the process of "heating up the 
inferior alchemical and hennetic 
activation of euphoria" within each 
of us. 

Up until now, Shane has been 
spreading this message in 
Montezuma Hall over at SDSU, as 
well as at UCSB and Grossmon! 
College. However, he considers the 
act of only speaking about the past 
poets a function nearly equivalent to 
"fucking the dead." 

Currently he is fronting Savage 
Paradise, the latest in literarilfcor-
reet rock and roll. As Shane points 
out, music has always been used to 
bring the throngs a stateofeuphoria. 
Eight major record labels are cur-
rentl y drool ing dollar signs over the 
demo now being recorded by the 
band. 

Shane believes he will make a 
remarkable amount of money for 
some lucky record company due to 
hi knack for drawing controversy. 

"The more enemies I have the 
more records I'll se ll." he says. He 
just might make some enemies at 
that, a he freely confesses that he is 
not the gre;lIest singer in the world. 
Yet Shanestill fee ls plenty COI11 1"0 11-
able at the helm of this rocking 
crusade that seeks to can-y on the 
traditionsof Mon·issonand Yeats in 
the same bremh. 

Shane also admit ' . ·'My com-
See SHANE, Page H6 

·NOW THRU SUNDAY OCTOBER 13th, PAY 
HALE PRICE FOR dl:£t RAY BAN SUNGLASS. 

CHOOSE FROM SAN DIEGO'S LARGEST SELECTION 
AND FAVORITE STYLES I DON'T MISS ITII 

LA JOllA VlUAGE CENTER. 8866 VUA LA JOLLA DR. #401 • w-0366 

HIATUS H3 

Art Imitates Ufe 
• Play at the Old Globe reflects life as it was 
By Mlchllel Schwartz 
Senior Staff Writer 

While Aristotle decreed that a 
drama is not complete without 
the element of plot, playwrights 
periodically demonstr.lte that a 
play can be complete without 
one. It is, in fact, a conceit to 
reality to acknowledge that the 
average person's life i· not at all 
like a character in a play. The 
subject on stage is usually given 
a series of choices, astring of this 
or that. Real life is consistently 
more muddled. 

The current offering at the 
Old Globe Theatre in Balboa 
Park, "The Show-Off." by 
George Kelly, is subtitled "A 
Transcript of Life in Three Acts," 
and that is precisely whm it is. A 
single family is viewed over a 
hort period of time that is laced 

with manyoflife 's mujorevents: 
pregnancy, marriage, death. For 
~ho 'e audience members quick 
to complain that fictional people 
are nothing like real ones. this 
piny will be a pleasant surpri se. 

Withtheexceptionofu ·eem-
ingly too happy ending. these 
people fnce real problems in the ir 
lives. Luckily. living in a COIll -
edy. they do have an e,peciully 
quick and CUlling wit. At the 
head of the household is Mrs. 
Fisher. masterfu lly played by 
Sada Thompson. Sitting center 
stage in her chair/ throne. she is 

quick to issue fOI1h matriarchal 
maxims such as. ·'If you can't 
find it , go look for it." Meddling 
in others' affairs, she declares, " 1 
wa"n't listening to him! I w.t'\ 
just seeing what he was saying." 

Also standing out in the pro-
duction is Don Sparks, whotums 
Mrs. Fisher's soon-to-be son-in-
low, Aubrey Piper, into a lanky, 
laughing buffoon. As the title 
character of the play. this cama-
tion-in-bullonhole man talks 
much better than he listens. 

Wonhy of mention is Lynne 
Griffin, strong as Clara, the lev-
elheaded daughter. and Jennifer 
Van Dyek a" Amy. the more 
emotional and love-struck gig-
gly sibling detemlinedto marry 
the aforementioned fabricator of 
truths . And for any UCSD fac-
ulty groupies. acting professor 
William Anton makes a quick 
appearance as the overly gener-
ous and slightly nebbish Frank 
Hyland. 

Di rector J:lck O· Brien assel1s 
in his program notes that he dis-
likes categorizing plays. but this 
work cannot be considered any-
thing but a revival. Written in 
1922, it has been revived on ami 
offsince thut time.and it seems to 
be written with revival in mind. 
Consistently mentioned ureull of 
the minute details of everyday 
existence, especially prices of 

See SHOW-OFF, Page H5 



H. HIATUS 

QualtyFood .... DlInkSarved 
At Old CoIulnbia Brewery 
By DeNk Sc:MIbIe president Chris Cl'W'T\Cr. Incorpo-
GuSldlan Reporter rating a diverse range of ethnic and 

Karl Strauss' Old Columbia American food, Strauss' offers ex-
BreweryandGrillisthelongawailed orbitant ponions at very compeli-
oasis amid the prevailing preten- tive prices. From Cajun Fries to 
tiousness of downtown San Diego. New Yortc Steak, the menu reads 
Ux:ated by the comer of' 8' Street like the restaurant equivalent of a 
and Columbia Street, Str.lUSS' is a food top forty list, promising to of-
rustic, brick-faced 5,OOO-square fer something for everyone. How-
foot building which houses the ever, as Cramer wryly added, "We 
$2.50,OOObrewery,extendedbarand see it as a restaurant made success-
ISO-seat restaurant. . ful because it's where Karl Strduss 

"Even though Unci!' Karl brews his beer." 
[Stmuss] is one ofthe world's lead- And brew he docs, to the tune of 
ing brewmasters, we bill the place almost 3,000 gallons at any given 
as a restaurant," reponed company time. 11le entire brewing system is 

The UCSD Guudian 

housed adjllcentto the bar and res-
taurant behind a large glass wall so 
that the entire process is easily 
viewed by the patrons (or so they 
say - in actuality you only see a 
bunch of stainlelS tccl tanks, hoses, 
and kegs). TI1e system was SCI up to 
facilitate brewing of any 0fIC of the 
17 beer recipes at any given time. 
1lIe bar regularly taps at least five 
house brews at all times, but there 
arc plans for an increase to nine or 
ten with the completion of a new 
off-site brewing facility. 

11le beer itself is reason enough 
to make the trip downtown. At-
tempting to explain the differences 
between Strauss' beerandany mass-
produced beer is redundant, since 
beer corporations have exhausted 

aU the ways of describin,. beer in 
their mindless commercials ('wbIII 
beer shoc.ld be', 'full-bodied' ,etc.). 

One brewery tour guide ex-
plained, "Many beer corporations 
arc hindered by the racr that they 
create a product that may sit in w..-e-
houses or stores for IIIOIIIhs before 
it's bought. We are foounate that we 
are able to have a complete turnover 
of our beer in about a month or so ... 

"Beer is noc like wine," Cramer 
said, "It is best within the first weeks 
that it is finished fermenting." TI1e 
result is a fuller, richer-tasting beer, 
the lightest of which is more full-
bodied than any mass produced beer 
on the market. Because it is difficult 
to describe beer, the best recom-
mendation is to sample each of the 

Thunday, October 10,1991 

beers. lberearctwowaystosample 
them: purchase the sample size (4 
Oz.) at $.85 or visit betwccn 4 and 6 
p.m. for happy hour (Monday 
through Thursday) when all 12 oz. 
beers ane just a buck. Thursdays are 
college nighls, when from 9:30 unlil 
closing, an 12 o~rs are a dollar. 

Responding to the questions of 
other brewcry competition, Cramer 
said, "TIley say imitation is the best 
form of compliment. Since we·ve 
opened, wc've seen a lot of brewer-
ies spring up. But no other brewery 
offers our diversity in beer, food. or 
even wine for that maner." Indeed. 
Karl Strauss' wine selection is one 
of the more unique in the city, sell-
ingwinebytheglassanywherefrom 

See BREWERY, Page H6 

BEING-FIT® Improve your 
GMATscore 

At the Princeton Review, you'U join. small class of 
about 12 students who shire 
your tesI-takina stralJlbs and 
weaknesses. Ow tracking system 
helps you learn more etTrciently, 
because it allows your tellt:her to 
concentrate on the maaeriaI you 
need most So call today for 
course information. Seaas are 
filling fast. 

NO INITIATION FEE 
At only $20 a month with no 
contract, you can't get a better 
bargain. 011«."",,.. 10I2~1 

• AEROBICS • NAUTILUS 
• FREE WEIGHTS • UFECYCLES 
• STAIRMASTERS • REEBOK STEPS 

• CLEAN AND SPACIOUS 
• PERSONAL INSTRUCTION 
• 4 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
Clairemont Square Shopping Center 

(Near Lee Wards, behind Pat's Sport) 
483·9294 

also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

by sitting next 
to the right 
person. 

I LlATa_ ......... O.',,1 .. . ... .. ... 
". ..... ". 
• , .++4" ..... 
(6f91695-9952 

llIe_ ... lcwb .. __ .. _T ..... _._~.O"'lllIe __ ~CaIp. 
A Different School of Thought 

"Before I worked at Saturn, I was an intern at another company. 
In that situation, students were pretty much brought in and given busy 
work. Work, that if students didn't do it, wouldn't have been done 
anyway. 

"There was not much responsibility but a lot of animosity 
between the new younger engineers and the older veterans. They really 
didn't help you much. 

"Here jt's totally opposite. I go to product development team 
meetings. I sit in there and people turn and look at me and say, 'What 
do you think?' 

"There is a ton of stuff that fm doing that is important Maybe 
not today, maybe not tomorrow, but some time in the future, maybe -
my ideas could be actually implemented on the car. I could go to a 
Saturn retail facility and say, 'See that right there? I helped do that' 

"Day before yesterday, I had. to drive a Saturn from the proving 
grounds, which is about 45 minutes west of where we are located in 
Troy. Michigan. As fm driving down the highway, people are speeding 
up and slowing down to get next to the car to look at it 

1bere's so much interest And to 
get in on the ground floor of a company 
that's sparking that kind of interest is an 
opportunity I could not let go by." 

SJ\TlRN,. 
O. CA.' U • 

A DiffERENT KIND of COMPANY. A DIFFEIlENT KIND Of CAl. 
If,..·~."'----s-., --_ .... _...."",... .... , .... su·..., 

Thursday, October 10, 1991 

ZWEIG 
ConIIIIutd from PICe H2 
had begun to generate hi reputa-
tion for being a little less than 
humble. 

"I'd like to address thal," 
says calmly. 

"Because I work at a nig 
club, I become an observer 
than a participant, and I basically 
need to get buzzed or get high on 
ecstasy to enjoy myself. I mean,l 
have my friends, but I also have Q 
101 of acquaintances. Sometimes 
people come up to me that I don't 
know,orlhatlshouklknow. They 
come up to me and thc)"re all 
friendly,and .. .lknowthissounds 
bad, but I'll say like 
·Whothe 

Tbc UCSD Guardian 

cry from the first. 11le two-room 
-10 bad - spage had expanded to the whole 

and I'm an indirect and floor of the arena, filled with fash-
.':.W!~L"lI\ofthat.1 see these girls ionshows,locaIbands,bars,adunk-

.... u .... "- then they go home, ingboolh,anOrbitron,oneelephant, 
• like ... to me it's date rape, and two llamas. 
them· • justthatthey'SOuoo "We brought in 4,500," Zweig 
... 'ght.'" said, "[That was) more than ever 

His serious tOflC changed to a "iefore, and that was with minimal 
nonchalant 0fIC. "I think every guy advertising . .. I was the only one to 
hasgoneaagirJdrunktoseehowfar pass out flyers, and we only adver-
he can go with her. And being the tised on 91X at midnighl." 
cause oflhar,seeing so many rely on The show's bands feature some 
alcohol, I don't like that. of the finest local bands in San Di-

"But I'm not so high and m,~· rlJ:;S ego. 
either. I what I do, and I "I'm happy to support them 
as much next person. I'm through the Sports Arena," Zweig 
against dru& because of explained, "and I'm really glad that 
what I do in be- other club owners arc beginning to 

as well. But it always 
~~,""~~ I remember 

a t.ICt play 
:M."'saa._ .. U.wouId 

his own. "He's a good 
• .-!SIrnan" he say hesitating, 

_ ,,"III looks after number one • 
'm~~~~'l~hilil~* · ........ '""""t-rone only. Sometimes 

~tionlofP~ 
business? j'0Il'. ~ 

._*keet_bfm from look-
,inpbtad to see whar's really good 
~ Like, for instance, Len 

~y stareS that he'll shut down 
(cIIl the cops on] any scene that 's 
Without permits and is in competi-
tion with him .. .1 mean, that 's just 
stupid! I believe what goes around, 
comes around, and sooner or later 
Len's gonna be bummed that he's 
been shutting people down." 

ally. "You get used to it, wt IDWn. 
probably am arrogant anyway ... " It's that, when if 
he repeats. first began, was merely a glorified 

CHlMICAL DCISS? club show. "We had two rooms, a 
"But you know what I hate bar, but no bands or fashion show. 

most?" Zweig saiq as he leaned That night we brought in 1,800 
forward. "I'll tell you what kills people," he boasts. 
me. lgotocollege,lgetadegree. lbe most ~~~ 
Then I get In thIs"!CCne 1~ Weekends ago was a far 

NOW 1HE FUlURE 
Up to mom recent events, Zweig 

has been working on a new acid 
house/rave extravaganza called 
KU, located in EI Gato Loco at 
644 5th Street on Wednesday 
nights. As always, it carries on 
the eighteen and over tradition. 
and features a full bar with 1.0. 

"I think the acid house scene 
is what 's coming up. I love it and 
I've been wanting to do an exclu-
sive acid club for a long time. 
Now that I don't have to worry 
about theSportsArenaforawhile, 
I'm going to be really concen-
trating my energies on KU." 

As for future projects, Todd 
evidently has quite a big one up 
his sleeve, hinting that it might 
be qu i te a bit more than just an-
other club. But he declines from 
giving any specifics at all. 

"You know, when you can ' t 
go any farther in any business 
you go onto bigger mediums. 
I"m beginning a business ven-
ture right now, that, if it work , 
will be wrygood for San Diego. 
I can'l reveal what it is exactly, 
but everyone from fifteen tothiny 
wi II love it. It will gi ve people the 
opportunity to get exposed to 
experiences that were not avail-
able before in San Diego. It ' ll be 
a place for people to get expo-
sure. It' sgolma be a bigrisk,but 
if it's done right, it' II be good ... 
and people will wanna go there at 
cenain times of the year. Shit, 
you probably can fi gure it out 
from there!" 

Zweig does reveal that ifhis 
venture does work, it will be 
made public inaroundsix month 
for all to enjoy - or so he hopes, 
forthe alee of hi reputation. 

• 11 1'1 I I I 

, 1'1 ". 1'1 \ ~ 

YEARS 
A HEAD 
HAIRCUTS by Mar 
Women $17 (,tg.$25) 
lien $14 (reg . $19) 
1JCSD SPECIALS 

HIATUS H5 

SHOW-OFF 
ContInued from pap H3 

good.~. (That dress was only $20?) 
Constant references to locations and 
times also provide a window to en-
ablea view of the time period of the 
twenties as a whole, and not just of 
one family in isolation. 

O'Brien makes the most of this 
hyper-realism with a skillful group 
of designers. Each act ends with a 
tableau image, framed by a 
storybook proscenium that gives 
more the feeling of turning through 
pages of an old photo album than 
signifying the stan of an interval. 
The set is a masterpiece. complete 
with ceiling and offstage areas 
dressed with as keen an eye for 
detail as the main room. Much ac-
tion and dialogue take place in pe-
ripheral areas of the house, and the 
offstage voices fiiteronstageas if an 
entire house somehow was put into 
the theater. 

The costumes are a triumph as 
well , and any audience member 
bored by a lack of distinct action on 
stage can cenainly be entertained 
by admiring the parade of dresses 
and suits whose straight lines make 
one realize [hat padded shoulders 
and the Eura-trash lookofthe present 
is ready for some revision. 

While neither great drama nor 
themo taction-packedeveningever 
spent inside a theater, '"The Show-
Orf' is a well -crJfted look at a spe-
cific point in time, presented in a 
meticulously crafted production. 

Ptrm &: Haircut $50 
or Highlighl & Haircut 

8950 Villa Lo. Jolla Dr., SIt, 2120 
FOR APPOINTMENT PLEASE CALL 

r----------i---~-----, 
: $100 OFF I $395 : 
I I I 
I AtnJ Purchase 01" II Balloon Bouquet I 
I ."., ~ Ten 11"plain colored I 
I $jOO or more I Balloons with Ribbons I 
I NtA wII4.., .. ,*,r{frts. I Nd 1lllA4111,h",*,1/Jm. I I 1 COIIfI1J1II ,., /»'fIlII. I 1 COII/XIII /I' t-N. I 

~ 11YW91 I e.pn. IWWIJ/ 

------------------

1826 Gamet Aft. 
Pad8cBeach 
48MIS3 

(Across from urc) (next to Soup F.xdwtge) 
,/ 



H6 HIATUS 1"IIc UCSD G ........ 

Attnion Hispanic CoIIep SIudenII majoring In Engineeri,., 
Science, Computer Science, Math, TecMoIogy and Business 

let's be hooest GeIi" a job Ihese ~ is tou;t As the job ..... shrinband anpIIIiesdownsize, 
you can't afbd to miss the HENMC Career Fair, SaIurday, 0cI0ber 12111 • the Certury rim !-bel In 
lCI Angeles. You're bcuId m find the r9t job or iillelUship to 1U1Ch)QI career. 

wit"'=-~R\"'GI""""'" ..... 1Ira, ., .1 ..... 1II ••• II,ull., 
.1 . ..., • .., ................. ,.. 

Meet recruiters at the HENMC Career Fair to find the job qJpOftOOity (J Internship that's right b 
you, Also take advantage of our infoonation-packed career dMI~ seminars. 

jobs, networking and career developmert ... specifically designed for the Hispanic achieverl for 
additional information call today at (213) 727·9914 (J resister oo-site for FI& Mh your Sludert 
identificatioo at the Century PIm Hotel in lCI Angeles. Bri" plenty d restrMsl 

Specill c..et Iii hest ", .. es~, Swttt s.. lillY Fnst 
There are a limited number of FREE tickets available to the first group of student registrantsl 

Come and join your favorite stars as we celebrare Hispanic Excellence at the Third Annual 
Hispanic Engineer National Achievement Awards Conference (HENMQ 

on October 12th at the Century Plaza Hotell 

TH~VI"'I()~ SI'f( ' ·\L • C .\RffR f ·\I~ • N(n\()RI\'~C • Sf\1 i \ ·\R~ 

SHANE 
01 • &111 ....... 112 
mMd of poeIIy is phaiCllDCl .... " 

'I1I1II we CII'I.a.o deduce IbM he 
is Ibe hcue lOIII wnler for Sav .. 
PIndiIe. At ru.pnce IDWIId his 
lyrics, one rer:opiza thlllIia aonp 
so somewhIl beyond Ihe IIOI1IW 
"ob bIby, rock it. bot 1Oddin', s.-
lives in Texa" IOIt of lyrics. But 
when one diIcown ....... liliiii 01 
hislyrica bartow from (or ICIUaIIy 
copy) tbemes and pInIes from 
ShMespeare's someIS.abe~ 
fare of Savap PInIdise seemllO be 
more like III enIeI1aininJ hiblcbi. 

In addition to Sav .. PIrIdise 
Shine is Uo • prolific writer of 
screenplays. Once apin we find 
Shine ~ wilh adapbticna of 
the classics miller than actually CR'i-
IIina new IIOd oriJinaI worts. 

For example. he 11M wriaen • 
screenplay baedon Spenser's ''The 
Fame Queen" thai comes OUI ~ 
like a female "ROlid WIIIrior: in 
Shine's own wonIs; add 10 this a 
rock IIOd roll love sIOry t.sed on 
Shakespeare's "As. You Like It" 
and. female version of Corvad's 
"Mean of Dartncss." 

AJlhough oone of these scripcs 
have actually been produced,Shane 

is Slillfonnidablysearchingfor~' 
ing for his big screen fanlaSies. 

Fmally, Shane is currently won.-
iog on a ISO-page poem which, by 
the way, is a reaction against James 
Joyce 's revolutionary novel 
"Ulysses" -son ofa poetic .ebul-
tal. 

Shane is cenainly a busy man. 
Despile his lendency 10 borrow in-
spiration from the dead. he is aclu-
ally wonh seeing and hearing. As it 

n...IaJ,~ 10, 1991 

is, if he ~ 10 uuerIy fail • his 
baoic w:nIUrCS to save abe world's 
euphoria and if all he had left was 10 
nmain • profasor, lh8t wouIdn'l 
be v«y devas&aIina. 

BREWERY 
Cit' .......... Nt 
$2.»$22 80 per Jlusl 

To .. a.cIt 10 the pretension of 
~SanDieSO,·delcription 
of whM Kart SnuM' is ""'. is in 
order. II is ROC loud, abe music re-
mains in the t.cqround. It is not 
crowded. theJe arc IIIOWld I ~ sealS 
for !he I'CIIannI and reservations 
are bIkeD (Illd recommended on 
FridayundSaturdays). Mostofall, 
the bn:wery does ROC pretend 10 be 
someIhing it is not. Cramerexplains. 
"We arc ~. ratauranl wi1eJe 
we wiD be known for the consis-
tency of the best beer and good 
food. Like the Oktoberfesl. our at-
~ is simply creaaed by the 
people who arc here. .. 

SHOOTFO THE STARS 
BECOME THE ENTREGENT 

REPRESENT OVER 1 ENTS fOR ONE YEAR 
APPLIC~ -~ ..... LEAT 

--.-OFFICE 
OFFICE 

YOUR COLLEGE DEAN'S OFFICE 
GRADUATE STUDENTS ASSOC. OFFICE 
STUDENT INFO(EDNA), PRICE CENTER 

L OF MEDICINE, STUDENT 

IF YOU ARE I 
REGENT 0 

R STUDENT 

SESSION 
ARNELL, 
LEADERS 

ALLAPP 
CHANe 

FO 

RMATION 
REGENT, DIANA 
12 NOON IN THE 

PRICE CEN'!'ER 
IN 

MORE INFO, CALL 534-4083 

nunday. October 10. 1991 

IN THE NEWS 
Her Icl •• ~ ...... Once apin, the Reuben H. Reet Space 

Theater"and Science Cenrer is offering. bo&t of new mind-bending 
experiences 10 inflict sensory overtOIId in their Luerium. "The 
Docn"wiUbeOOlllinuingchrouabNovember 15,andfeaturcssuch 
hits as "LiJht My Fare" 1Ind"LA. Wom-." Tho two new shows 
aJe "Pink f1oyd: The Wan." fea&wing cuts from both the original 
1980albumand the grandioeeRopr Watassbow from Berlin,and 
"Led Zeppelin: In The Evening." These two pograms will be 
shown through Oaobel"l5 and 17 ~vely. For show dates and 
times call 233-1168 ... 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 

CIIii.... ~ lust when you thought the t.end of 
retllllpedive CD box sets was over. JeCOI'd companies arc .eleas-
ing a veritable cornucopia of new sets just in lime 10 kick off the 
Ouistmas deluge. Just a fow 10 bit the stores for the holidays are: 
Aerosmilh. The Carpenlers, Ray Charles. Patsy Qinc. King Crirn-
sao, Howlin' Wolf. Lou Reed, The Monkoes, The Clash, Lyoyrd 
Skynyrd,FarsDomino.HInk WIlliamsJr .. Jeft'Bec:t.BiDie Holliday, 
ludyo.tand,JimiHendrix, Mmty Robbins. and Crosby, Stills and 
Nash. Oet tbose checkboob ready... . 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Ie ." .... _ .. 11.1: Upcoming local shows signaling the end 
f1l tile -nuaer ...... _ wilh a bang include Big Audio 
,DYnIIDiIe D (Oct. 20. Opea Air ~ SDSU). Lenny Kravitz 
(Oct. 15, SympIIbay'HIJI). Lynyrd Skynyrd '91 (Oct. 22, San 
Die&oSPodaAnm), ThePix.ies wilbPereUbu(Oct. 31 ,Montezuma 
Hall). The AUmm BmIbeIs.nd Little FaI (Oct. 13, Starlight J)owI)." 0iaI0 ~ (0ct.26, Open Air'lbeabe-SDSU) ... 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 

'I'll ,... H= ., • few insider DOleS for you music 
iadusIryIII&ty~out1heae:1cneynx:brIlnlceSprinat lIn 
~ ....... ofCOllltwflbtwoofbiael-Rl8llia wbocllimed 
Ibey were owed in exc:oss 0('$100.000 each. After some legal 

. WI1IDfIinIOftI'lCIIDCofdleBou' missinJdemollpeS. thec:ase was 
sealed . .... . 

rw 1inIIIecI-ecIit live documen-
. Tbitdne-CD tea.ewill 
~~~~~~~~~ea~~M~·~r_.NRm~.~ 

:~~~.~ .. ~,&&~]_.r~~~_._K~ 
trio is DOW iD priIf. 'l1IIe boot was 
PennecI ,l,..yIe Brown.. ftnt ...... wiInea of the Alhens 
music SCfIIe hta its ~:-1beiJoot .roca- heavily on 
RAM. .... the '8-Sl's bUt aIsotllka about 8UCh bMds IS Pylon. 
Love Tl'ICtIDr, and The ~ ~ . 

AnciloryooT..u t'reabOdttheae, th&new bookBlufricG"" 
by IfIrry ShIpito and C--0Iebbect wiD mike you tnJly an 
expeiiaad individual (well..son of).: Tho book Is lItenally an 
encyclopedia about evecyIhinaJimi Hendrix ev« did from beina 
born to his u.gic daIh. Tho book contains .. appendix that is no 

. _ th.-. 200 peaes in len"". IIendIV. fans CID put "fiIectric 
Ladyllnd" 00 the stereoaldnot even make. dent in this book by 
.-timell111i pIay& the .. riff. It'. eMily Ibc most complete book 
-about Headrix ~,,,._.., 

The UCSD Guardian 

. , ost Unique Liquor Store 
San Diego s M We have a 'an'as';c selection of imported and domestic 

wines and beer· gourmet cheese, pastries, and 
chocolates' salads' sandwiches • Bud's ice cream' 

gourmet coffee' espresso/cappuccino' lotto/lottery' 
office suppl ies' unique gifts' San Diego's best 

selection of cards· custom gift baskets 
• and a lot more ... Visit us and see! 

luy on~ sl n, le scoo p Ice C're~m 
co ne from aud ' s I e e ru", "~r t o,. I 
li nd l ei. stcond fl nl le .coop cone 

_~ __ ~,!!,~~~o~J 

we ,are hair 
GRAND OPENING 

$4 I~· MI 
HAIRCUTS 

Oct. 5 thru Nov. 1 
No IIppOinIrnInt r-v 
r-~~-'--~~-I-~~-I 
: PERM : SAVE $3 : SAVE $1 : 
II $19.95 : GLAZING: ~onor~rger : 

$ JohnAmico I ( .. rICa InIlU., I reg. 15.00 I Hair"- I 
I Inc:UIkIg IIIIIqIoO • I A HcircoIor I \.oUt., I I Long~~.:c.. I ..... ., I Product I 

WfllllIIightI'· wIIh .. coupon. I WIllI \Ills coupon. I I WIIII_GIIIIPOI'I. I &pIrweNov. I . lI11 ~~perl I"!"-I 
L ~~ :::-,:. J ______ 1. _-== . ..:..,:....J 
W8 car. hair Costa Verde Center 587-tUTT 
8750 Geneeee (behind Soup Exchange) 

Replar Sinus 
Problems? 

Our research center Is evaluating a treatment 
for sinusitis. qualified volunteers who are at least 
3 years old will be compensated lOr their time. 

Asthma? 
Volunteers, ages 6 to 60. are needed to evaluate new 
medications lOr wheezing, coughing, and chest tight-
ness. Patients need to be taking asthma medications 
regularly and have no other major health problems. 

QualII1ed partldpants will be paid for their partldpation. 
for _ore'deals cd 292-1144 

_uk for l.alftn, 
AUel'lD' A AstIuna Medical Group 

A Reeearch Center A. P. C. 

u.u KEARNY VILLA ROAD. SUITE 100 
SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA 92123 

HIATUS H 7 

ANXIOUS? 
NERVOUS? . 

Participants needed for re-
search study evaluating new 
nytdication for the treatment 
of anxiety. If you are unable 
to relax, worry too much, have 
stomach upset or muscle aches 
you may be eligible to re-
ceive FREE medication, physi-
cal exam and lab tests. Call 
UCSD Outpatient Psychiat-
ric Services for information 
and confidential evaluation. 
Call today , 497·6648. 

These 
people must like you! 
Please find their ads 
for proof that UCSD 
gets the very best 
bargains. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
AOZ (Miramar) ............. 450-3323 
USCDEATS 
BJ'S Pius .................. .. 455-0662 
La .lola Brewery .......... 456-BREW 
Papachino s ................. 546-7666 
Vakinono ..................... 452-4255 
SalsaRio ...................... ~ 
Gia's Pius ............ ....... 792-7521 

. Heidi's .......... .. .. ............ 450·3044 
La Salsa ........... ..... .... .. . 455-7229 
Domino's ...................... 452-lJCSO 

, 

Choices ........................ 554-FOOO 

USCDAUTO 
Overseas ... ................... 695-1990 
Robert's ......... .. ...... ....... 27S-1132 
Tom's ........................... 450-9494 
Suspension Plus .......... 558-8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash 587-4844 

USCDHAIR 
VOII19 Attitudes ............ 457·3384 
RqIh's Hair, PB ........... 273·2887 
Years Ahead ................ 546-7666 
La Jolla Barber ..... ..... ... 459-5792 
Roccos, UTe ............... .455-0420 

USCDBEAUTY 
Trim & Tan ...... ............. 455-0909 
Pinwheels ..... ...... ...... .. .. 558-1858 
NUs by Jennifer ....... ... 560-0325 

USCD FITNESS 
Being F~ ....................... 483·9294 

USCDFLOWERS 
Flower Basket .............. 455-5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 

USCDETC. 
Cal Copy ............. .. .. ..... 452·9949 
Classical Eye .... .. .. .. ..... 452·7374 
Music Trader ... ............. 693·1469 
Banzai Bungee ...... ....... 968-7272 
Paper Trends ............... 450-9291 



HI HIATUS 

L ...... . 
..... 11 ... y-,. :. ..... 
........ 

"AI tIfa _ ach ~ t.cd on elalldrip 
~. T_ nat Incb:tId. Some 1I*Ic. lien..,. s.da'C .... lIIIVbc~. 
,oq ......... -...-

CoIIICI 
UCSD Prfcc Ccrur (bv the Pelt 0fIicc) 
451·0630 ru& C .'" 

The UCSD Guarclian , 

# 1 AND STILL CLIMBING 

RECORD BREAKING SERIES 
CONTINUES AT ... 

The Comic Clalle" 
... ..... A_ 
San 0lI&0. CA 92117 

eotrtIII at s.Iboe & 
a.nmont Dr •• neJlt to 

LudcyMatlf« 
(8U)4IMI'1 

17M .......... 
EscondIdo. CA 92925 

Councry Comer 
ShoI¥1ItW Center 
.&o.dMIy&~ (1U)74 I II. 

You will read this. So will others-many, many others. Advertise in The au ..... today. Call 534-3466. 

• 

Instead of roaming the parking lots, ride the bus. Instead of stalking an empty spot, sit back and relax. 
Enjoy yourself. Tum up your headset Look at the scenery for a change. Talk. Read. Cram for a test if you have to. 
Why drive yourself nutS when you can ride for only $47 a month. As many rides on buses and trolleys as you want 

Stop hunting. Start riding. Because we all know it's a jungle out there. 

The Roulel To Know To G.t wt... You Want To Go 
Four San Diego Transit routes serve UCSD. Chances are, one will 
take you directly where you want to go. If not, an easy transfer 
connects you to bus and trolley route going everywhere in the county. 
Urban Fare S 1.25, Express Fare (Rts. 30 & 50) $1 .50. 
Route 30. Expre s between Downtown San Diego and USIU via 
Pacific Beach, La Jolla, Torrey Pines Rd., UCSD, V A Hospital. 
University Towne Centre, Miramar Rd., Mira Mesa and Scripps Ranch. 
Route 34. Downtown San Diego to University Towne Centre via Lorna 
Portal, Mission Beach. Pacific Beach. La Jolla. La Jolla Shores, Scripps 
Institute. UCSD, V A Hospital. Scripps Hospital, UCSD Housing, La 
Jolla Village Square (34A only) and Nonh University City Housing 
(34A only). 
Route 41. Torrey Pines Golf Course to Fashion Valley via Scripps 
Clinic. UCSD. VA Hospital. University Towne Centre, University City. 
Clairemont. Mesa College and Linda Vi ta. 

RouIe !o. Express between Downtown San Diego and La Jolla Village 
Square via Clairemont, UniversitY City, University Towne Centre and 
V A Hospital. Note: RI. 50 does not serve the campus direct. It travels on 
La Jolla Village Dr. 
Free bus rides around campus for UCSD studenl~, faculty, staff, grad 
students and spouses. Just bring your UCSD photo ID to the UCSD 
Transportation Alternative at 406 MAAC or call 534;RIDE. 
Monthly bus and trolley passes ($47) are at the Cashiers OffICe, 
401 MMC. 
Free Campus Bus Route Maps and bus schedules are available at the 
Transportation Alternative or RlDESHARE boards throughout campus. 

Need more bus infonnation? Call 

233-3004 
seven days a week, 5:30 a.m. and 8:30 p.m. 
CITY for hearing impaired only, 234-5(05) 

San Diego Transit • 

Thunday, Oaobcr 10, 1991 

SHOUT 
e .. 11 .......... 112 
misfortune is never felt. 

The parallel between the two lead 
male characters is not at all recog-
nizable. I saw no kindred spirits, 
fire, or passion in any of the charac-
ters. They are all overgrown kids 
who need to grow up. I couldn't 
have cmd less about what hap-
pened to the characters of the film 
The humor in the film is trite and as 
predictable as the film itself. 

The forbidden love shared by 
Jesse and Sara (Heather Graham), 
which also makes up a large poI1ion 
of the film, is as cheap and shallow 
asthecbaracters. Themostexciting 
part of the film. was waiting to see 
how long it would take Walters and 
Graham to fuck each other. I recom-
mend people not waste a penny on a 
film like this because they'll come 
away feeling empty and cheated ... 
out of $6.50. L on the other hand, 
feel cheated out of time, ... two hours 
wonh . 

.---------., I 
I 
I 
I . 
I 
I 
I 

I 
., I 
•• 
·E I 
:II 

I 
I 


